





Third Series, 
No. 7, Vor. Il. Jury, 1911. 


THE LIBRARY. 
THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


RDHERE is, among the Lansdowne 
——— at the British Museum, a 
SNS folio volume of no great bulk, which, 
Ly if we believe the story it tells, is per- 
ZK haps the most pitiful of all monuments 
to the vanity of antiquarian endeavour. For it 
embraces, or at least purports to embrace, the 
entire remains of that extensive collection of the 
unprinted drama of the earlier seventeenth century 
brought together, or supposed to have been brought 
together, about a hundred years later by John 
Warburton, Somerset Herald, prefaced by a long 
list of the treasures that have perished. The story 
of that disaster is one of the best known of literary 
anecdotes: how the zealous antiquary laboriously 
gathered together this unique collection of pieces 
by Shakespeare and others; how he handed it over 
for safe custody to his cook, who made use of the 
precious leaves for some obscure process connected 
with her trade, and how the owner made no further 
inquiry on the subject till he had devoured all but 
three and a half out of a total of some fifty or sixty 
plays. The story has been told over and over again 


II. Q 















226 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


with every kind of facetious adornment, till no 
history of literature is complete without it, and our 
national biography has to take serious account of 
the eccentric herald and his cook Elizabeth B. 

I wish someone would tell me who invented 
Elizabeth B. I write of her in this perhaps unduly 
familiar manner because I have to confess that I 
do not know her name. The earliest authority on 
the subject that I have been able to discover is a 
certain Cuthbert Clutterbuck, who, in a letter 
dated Kennaquhair, 1 April 1822, tells how the 
‘Author of Waverley’ found the privacy of his 
bedchamber invaded by a distressed female, who 
introduced herself as ‘the spirit of . . . that un- 
happy Elizabeth or Betty Barnes, long cook-maid 
to Mr. Warburton, the painful collector, but ah! 
the too careless custodian, of the largest colleétion 
of ancient plays ever known.’ The curious reader 
will find this letter printed at the beginning of 
Scott’s ‘ Fortunes of Nigel,’ but I fear he will find 
no further indication of the source of the story 
thus circumstantially given. The only other 
credible witness I have been able to discover is the 
‘Dictionary of National Biography,’ and there, in 
the article on John Warburton, the name of his 
servant is given, not as Betty Barnes, but as Betsy 
Baker. Unfortunately again no authority is quoted, 
and I have diligently searched all the general 
references given at the end of the article without 
being able to obtain any light on the subjeét what- 
ever. It only remains to point out that if the name 
Betsy Baker is correét, this play-burning cook was 
called by what has been almost a generic name 


























THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 227 


from the days of Langland to our own, and chose 
her parents with curiously prophetic insight. 

Apart from this matter of the name the original 
source of the story seems to be Warburton’s own 
memorandum appended to !the list of the lost 
plays. Warburton was, perhaps not without cause, 
one of the most unpopular of men, and any joke at 
his expense was sure to be readily believed and 
widely circulated. One must be prepared for ex- 
aggerations: and, indeed, in 1891 acontributor to 
* Notes and Queries’ (Ser. 7, xii. 15), signing himself 
A. Hall, went so far as to ridicule the whole story. 
That any statement of the Somerset Herald should 
command implicit belief can, it is true, hardly be 
maintained; but in the present instance the in- 
formation he gives is so little to his credit as an 
antiquary, that there is at least a strong presumption 
that he is telling the truth. 

It will be well to give Warburton’s list exactly 
as it stands, more particularly as none of the copies 
at present available are quite satisfactory. It was 
first printed, at a time when the manuscript was 
still in the possession of the first Marquis of 
Lansdowne, by Reed in his ‘ Variorum’ Shakes- 
peare of 1803 (ii. 371-2). The whole of his 
account, however, is very careless, and several 
titles are altogether omitted from the list. A 
much more accurate copy was contributed over 
the initials of J. Haslewood to Bridges’ ‘ Censura 
Literaria’ in 1807 (v. 273). After censuring both 
Reed and ‘the second part of the Catalogue of the 
Lansdowne MSS.’ for errors, he adds some inter- 
esting observations of his own. ‘The writing,’ 














228 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


he says of the list, ‘is in a very different hand 
from his [Warburton’s], and did not the “‘ many 
years collecting” imply their being obtained at 
various times, I should have supposed had been an 
index to them, made sixty years or more before 
his memorandum was written. The orthography 
is certainly of an earlier period than the strange 
diction of Warburton, which is not that of old 
spelling, but of false spelling.” He further appends 
extracts from the catalogue of Warburton’s sale in 
Nov. 1759,' including, besides the Lansdowne 
volume, ‘The Tyrant, a Tragedy. 4to,’ which 
appears in the list, and ‘Demetrius and Marina, 
or the Imperial Impostor and Unhappy Heroine, 
a Tragedy. Fol.,’ which does not. 

The Lansdowne Catalogue mentioned by Hasle- 
wood is the sale catalogue of April 1807,* and 
when he speaks of ‘the Lansdowne MSS. No. 849,’ 
he is referring to the number of the lot. This has 
caused some confusion, since of course by ‘the 
second part of the Catalogue of the Lansdowne 
MSS.’ one now understands the second volume of 
the Catalogue made after the collection had found 
a home in the British Museum, and published in 
1819, in which the manuscript is numbered 807. 
The sale catalogue prints Warburton’s list entire, 
and far more accurately than Reed. Haslewood 
indeed correéts some further errors (though in the 


I have been unable to find a copy of this. 

* The sale, of course, never took place, the nation acquiring 
the collection en bloc for £4,925. I presume that the sale was 
first postponed pending negotiations, for the money was not paid 
till the O€tober following. 





























THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 229 


particular point which he cites as evidence of in- 
accuracy in the Catalogue he is wrong) but he follows 
both his predecessors in the serious mistake of print- 
ing Warburton’s memorandum at the end of the 
whole list, instead of at the end of the first page only. 
In Sept. 1815, Frederick Thornhill reprinted 
Reed’s list inthe ‘Gentleman’s Magazine’ (p. Ixxxv. 
217-22 and 424), with comments of his own, and 
corrections from a private transcript with which 
he had been favoured; but though this correspon- 
dent of the great Silvanus Urban had ‘been 
informed’ that the original document was now 
safely lodged at the British Museum, he apparently 
did not see the desirability of consulting it himself, 
and so robbed his communication of much of the 
value it might otherwise have possessed. In 1819 
appeared the second part of the big British Museum 
Catalogue of Lansdowne Manuscripts, in which 
the list is printed with commendable though not 
quite consistent care, but in which Warburton’s 
note is again misplaced. The list given by Fleay 
in his ‘ Life of Shakespeare’ (1888) is less accurate 
than a comparison of accessible copies might have 
made it, even without recourse to the original.’ 

* Gifford, in the introduction to his edition of *‘ Massinger’ in 
1805, recounts the usual tale, and ends by giving the titles of the 
three survivors as mentioned by Reed. He adds: ‘ These, it is 
said, are now in the library of the marquis of Lansdowne, where 
they will, probably, remain in safety till moths, or damps, or fires 
mingle their “ forgotten dust” with that of their late companions.’ 
For this piece of impertinence he was not undeservedly rebuked 
by his reviewers, to whom he retorted in the preface to his second 
edition in 1813 with more spirit than discretion. Nevertheless in 


that edition the offending passage still stands, despite the fact that the 
manuscripts in question had in the interval passed into public custody ! 














230 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


The volume, as I have said, is now numbered 
807 of the Lansdowne Manuscripts. It is a thin 
foolscap folio bound in russia. The end papers are 
modern. An original flyleaf is preserved, but not 
numbered; then comes a leaf with the Warburton 
and Shelburne book-plates on the verso, then 
Warburton’s list, mounted and reckoned as folio 1. 
The plays follow: the ‘Queen of Corinth’ occupy- 
ing folios 2-28, the ‘Second Maiden’s Tragedy’ 
folios 29-56, the ‘ Bugbears’ folios 57-77. At the 
end is an imperfect play in quarto occupying folios 
78-88. It is a fragment of the ‘ Benefice’ by R. 
Wild containing III. iv. to the end. That com- 
pletes the colleétion as now extant. Here is the 
description of it as it is alleged to have once 
existed : 


Manuscripts [recto 


The Hon’. Loves by Will. Rowley’ 

Henry y* 1“. by Will. Shakespear & Rob. Davenport 
The fair favourit 

Minervas Sacrifise Phill. Masenger 

Duke Humphery Will. Shakespear 

Citty Shuffler 

S'. Jo". Suckling’s Workes 

Nothing Imposeble to love T. C. S' Rob. le Green 
The fore’d Lady A T. Phill. Massinger 

The Governer T. S'. Corfi. Fermido 

The Lovers of Loodgate 

The Flying Voice by Ra. Wood 


* The second word has been variously read as ‘ Hont.,’ i.e. 
honourable, or ‘ Hon4,,’ i.e. honoured. The superior letter 
resembles a ‘d,’ but a comparison with other cases shows that ‘r’ 
is certainly intended, 














THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 231 


The Mayden Holaday by Chri. Marlowe 

The Fatal Love 

The Puritan Maid y*. Modest Wife & y*. Wanton Widow 
by Tho. Middleton 

The London Marchat (sic) A Coiii. by Jo" Ford. 

The King of Swedland 

Love hath found out his Eyes by Tho. Jorden 

Antonio & Vallia by Phill. Massinger 

The Dutches of Fernandina T. Hen. Glapthorn 

Jocondo & Astolfo C. Thé. Decker 

S'. Ged. for England by Will. Smithe 

The Parliam' of Love by W™. Rowley 

The Widows Prise C. W™ Sampson 

The Inconstant Lady W”. (sic) Wilson , 

The Womans Plott Phill. Massinger 

The [Marchants Sacrifice] Crafty Marchat (sic) C Shack. 
Marmio[n * 

An Interlude by Ra. Wood worth Nothing ~° 

The Tyrant A Tragedy by Phill. Massenger 

[The Yorkshire Gentlewoman & her Son T.]’* 

The None Such AC. W™. Rowley 

The Royal Combate AC. by Jo*. Forde. 

Philenzo & Hipolito A C. by Phill. Massenger 

Beauty in a Trance AC. Jo”. Forde. 

The Judge AC. by Phill. Massenger. 

A good beginning may have A good end by Jo". Ford 

Fast and Welcome C. by Phill. Massinger? 

Belive as yo". list C. by Phill. Massinger 

His‘. of Jobe by Rob. Green 

The Vestall A Tragedy by H. Glapthorn 

The Noble Tryall. T. H. Glapthorn 


* The title first written has been crossed out: the name is 
crowded in and the end is no longer visible. 


? This entry is crossed out. 
3 The *C,’ standing for Comedy, is interlined, 




















232 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


After I had been many years Collecting 

these MSS Playes, through my own 

carelesness and the Ignorace (sic) of my S[er' 
in whose hands I had lodgd them they 

was unluckely burnd or put under 

Pye bottoms, excepting y* three which followes. 


J. W. 


Manuscripts [verso 


Yorkshire Gentlewoman and her Son T 

The Hon’. of Women A C. by Massinger 
Alexias or y* chast Glallant (sic) T. P Massinger 
The vestal a Tragedy H. Glapthorn’ 

The Noble choise T.C. P. Massinger 

A Mask R. Govell 

2%. p’. Maidens Trag. Geo. Chapman 

The Great Man T. 

The Spanish Purchas C. 

The Queen of Corsica T. by F. Jaques 

The Trag*. of Jobe Good 

The Nobleman T.C. Cyrill Turfiuer 

A Play by Will Shakespear 

Bugbear C. Jo". Geffrey 

Orpheus C. 

Tis Good Sleeping in A Whole Skin W. Wager 
Farry (sic) Queen’ 


There was a time when I entertained serious 
doubts as to the genuineness of a material part of 


"The catalogue gives the letters ‘Ser,’ but only the first is now 
clearly legible. The edge is frayed, but there can never have been 
room for the full word. 

2 The ‘ H.”’ has been altered. 
3 The second ‘r’ of ‘ Farry’ has been altered, but there does 
not seem any doubt as to the reading. 























THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 233 


Warburton’s alleged memorandum, for I could not 
find it in the manuscript itself. The volume in 
question has been repaired at some comparatively 
recent date, and a list of plays mounted on a guard. 
Now if the slip on which the list of supposed 
manuscripts is written be carefully examined, it 
will be observed that the end of the memorandum 
as printed above is wanting, and there are indica- 
tions that suggest, what is indeed the case, that 
the slip can never have contained more writing 
than now appears. It was, therefore, very difficult 
to account for the entry in the catalogue. One 
day, however, I observed that at Some period the 
slip had been fastened down to the original flyleaf 
by means of wafers. This fact, which I might 
indeed have learned from the Catalogue or from 
Haslewood, gave the clue to the mystery. For 
on a Closer inspection I discovered that ;Warbur- 
ton’s writing had run off the slip on to the leaf to 
which it was attached, and there the end of the 
memorandum, though very faint, may still be 
traced. A careless binder had almost destroyed the 
evidence of the nefarious Betsy’s crime;! 

So far then the document bears examination. I 
should further say that after comparing several 
letters of Warburton’s written between 1750 and 
1760 preserved in the British Museum, I see no 
reason to question the authenticity of the note, 
nor, in spite of obvious differences in the writing, 
to deny that the list itself may likewise be in his 
handwriting. To the point raised by Haslewood 
as to the archaic spelling of the list there is an 
obvious reply—namely, that the titles are of course 
























234 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


copies; and I would call attention to one small 
point in favour of their having been written by 
Warburton. For in the note he has accidently 
left out the second ‘n’ in ‘Ignorance,’ while 
in the list we twice find ‘ Marchat’ for ‘ Marchant.’ 
There remain, however, plenty of difficulties in 
connection with this list. It is written on the 
two sides of a long narrow slip of paper. At the 
head of each page is the word ‘ Manuscripts,’ but 
the list fills neither page. On the recto, however, 
the titles came down to within a few inches of the 
foot, leaving only a small space in which the note 
has been subsequently inserted. On the verso they 
fill less than half the page. The presence of the 
note has been taken to imply that the list must 
have been written out from memory. This may, 
I think, be at once dismissed as improbable. A 
man so little careful of his manuscripts as to leave 
them long unsought in the care of his servant, 
could never have sat down and written out a list 
of fifty or sixty titles and authors from memory. 
Moreover, the note is written in a different style 
and ink from the list, even supposing the hand to 
be the same. We shall, therefore, be justified in 
assuming that the list was among the papers rescued, 
and that it consequently dates from many years 
before the note. It may, in that case, have been 
compiled from the actual manuscripts enumerated, 
though there is nothing to prove that it was. It 
should be noticed that it is not quite clear whether 
the memorandum is intended to apply to the plays 
on both sides of the paper, or only to the list at 
the foot of which it stands. Nor does it appear 











+ 8 


























THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 235 


what the relation of the two lists is. Is that on 
the verso a mere continuation of the other? If 
so, why was the verso used when there was still 
room on the reéto? Moreover, the ‘ Vestal’ 
appears in both lists, and so does the ‘ Yorkshire 
Gentlewoman,’ though this is struck out again on 
the recto. The ‘History’ and the ‘Tragedy of 
Job’ are also very likely the same. Are these mere 
oversights? After it had lain hid for many years 
did Warburton himself remember accurately the 
significance of the list? That he owned some of 
the plays in it we know, that others perished seems 
likely, but was there really the wholesale slaughter 
that the collector in his disappointment would 
have us believe? This is a question that probably 
can never be answered for certain, but it may be 
that a closer examination will at least suggest a 
possible solution. The investigation will take us 
rather far afield, but I hope that it may repay us 
for our wanderings by the light incidentally thrown 
on the bibliography of the seventeenth century 
drama in general. 


The dislocation of our knowledge ot the English 
book trade that occurs about the year 1640 is 
eloquent of the debt we owe to Professor Arber 
for his transcript of the Stationers’ Register, but 
is not in itself a good thing, and it is with keen 
anticipation that many students look forward to 
the now promised continuation of that great work. 
Our present ignorance is rather specially unfortunate 
in the case of the drama, since not only do the 
entries of individual plays continue, but there also 





| 
| 





236 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


occur from time to time entries of whole batches 
of plays, mostly old ones, evidently made with a 
view to extensive publishing ventures consequent 
upon the closing of the theatres during the Civil 
War and under the Commonwealth. These entries, 
though neglected by recent critics, were utilized 
by some of the earlier biographers of the English 
stage, and many references will be found in the 
‘Biographia Dramatica’ of 1812. From these 
scattered notes Fleay reconstructed the entries of 
1653 and 1660 in his ‘ Life of Shakespeare’ (1880), 
and these lists, though inaccurate, have up to the 
present been by far the best at the disposal of 
students. They possess additional value through 
being printed in parallel columns with that of 
Warburton’s alleged collection. 

I propose in this place to print in full some of 
the chief play-entries from the later volumes of 
the Stationers’ Register. Of these the above- 
mentioned entries of 1653 and 1660 form perhaps 
the most important, for the reason that they were 
largely inoperative, and therefore preserve for us 
the titles of many plays which are not now dis- 
coverable. The real nature of the entry belonging 
to 1646 does not seem to have been previously 
recorded, and I have on my conscience a state- 
ment to the effect that the publishers of the 
Beaumont and Fletcher folio of the following 
year dispensed with the formality of entry. This 
is now seen to be incorrect. Fleay, however, only 
mentions four plays under this date, and it was 
a remark by the anonymous editor of Wilson’s 
‘Inconstant Lady,’ printed in 1814, to the effect 




















THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 





237 


that the entry contained forty-eight plays, that first 
long ago suggested further search. 
chance my friend Mr. Plomer happened at the 
time to be consulting the later Registers for other 
purposes, and kindly undertook to transcribe for 


me the entries now printed here." 


A. 
4°. Sept. [1646]... 


By a lucky 


Liber E, 


Entred for their Copies vnder the hands of m‘ Langley & Mr Robin- 


m' whitaker warden these Seu’all Tragedies & Comedies 
herevnder men@oned (viz‘.) [(Saluo iure cuiuscu 


*Mad Lover 
Wild goose chase 
Litle french Lawyer 
Loyall Subiect 
Spanish Curate 
Custome of y* Country 
Double Marriage 
wife for a Month 
Island Princes 
Pilgrime *The Lawes of Candy 
Womans prize or the Tamer tam’d 
Knights of Malta 
The Captaine 
The Noble Enemie or the humerous 
Leiftenant 
*The Woemen pleased 
Bonducca or Boadicea 
[Mounsieur Perrollis]’ *mistaken 
Chaunces 


) 


> 








son & 


mq]? Mr. Mozely. 


xxiii)". 


by m‘ Beamont 
& 
m‘ Flesher 


‘In the 1646 entry there are certain additions in a different 


hand. 


These are distinguished by an asterisk prefixed. 
* These words in brackets are crossed out in the original. 





j 
; 
{ 
\ 
j 
} 
| 





238 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


p- 54. Mr. Robin- Newes from Plymouth 


son & Mr. 
Mozeley. 


these entries clear. 


*The Sea Voyage 

Maid of the Mill 

Queene of Corinth 
Coxecombe 

Noble gentleman 

Beggars Bush 

Honest mans fortune 
Martiall Maid 

The Emperor Valentinian 
The Prophetesse 

The Lovers pilgrimage 
The Lovers progresse J 





Distresses 
Fair Favourite 


Love & honor )by S' W™. Davenant 
[By Ss". W™. 

| Davenant 
Country Captaine 
Varieties 
Doubtfull heire 
Imposture 
Brothers by M’ Shirley 
Cardinall 
The Sisters 
Maior of Quinborough 
The passionate Lover }/*1". & 2°. parts 
Spartan Ladies by Mr Carlile 
Switzer ee 
The Corporal} PY Be Wilson 
The princes by M’ Killegrew 
The fatall friendship by m‘ Burroughes 


by my Lord of Newcastle 


A few notes may serve to make the bearing of 
The first thirty plays will at 


once be recognised as constituting the entry for 
the folio of ‘Comedies and Tragedies Written by 




















THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 239 


Francis Beaumont And John Fletcher Gentlemen. 
Never printed before, And now published by the 
Authors Originall Copies’ printed for Robinson 
& Moseley in 1647. That volume, however, if we 
include in it the Wild Goose Chase, published as a 
supplement in 1652 and entered second on the 
above list, contained thirty-six pieces, none of 
which had been previously entered or printed. 
The omission of six plays does not appear to have 
been discovered at the time, but, as will be seen from 
a subsequent list (C), the missing titles were duly 
entered to the same stationers on 29 June 1660, 
perhaps in anticipation of the new and enlarged 
edition, which, however, did not appear till 1679, 
and was then published by Martyn, Herringman 
and Marriot. The alternative title of the ‘ Hum- 
orous Lieutenant’ looks as though there had been 
more than one MS., for no trace of the ‘ Noble 
Enemy’ is found in the folio text. I am unable 
to guess what ‘ Mounsieur Perrollis’ can be. 

Of Davenant’s plays, ‘Love and Honour’ was 
printed in 1649, while the other three first ap- 
peared in the folio published by Herringman in 
1673. The five plays by Shirley were published, 
together with the ‘ Court Secret,’ in the ‘ Six New 
Plays’ of 1653. The ‘Mayor of Quinboro’’ first 
appeared, published by Herringman, in 1661, with 
a title-page ascribing it to Middleton. The two 
parts of Carlell’s ‘ Passionate Lovers’ were printed 
in 1655, but the ‘Spartan Ladies’ is not known, 
though it was advertised by Moseley along with 
the ‘ Discrete Lover’ and ‘Osman’ among ‘ Books 
I do purpose to Print very speedtly (sic)’ in a 





| 
| 
| 
| 
H 
| 

















Liber E. 
p- 285. 
i} m*. Mosely. 








240 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


catalogue found at the end of some copies of 
Middleton’s ‘Two New Plays’ of 1657." Wilson’s 
‘Switzer’ is extant in manuscript (BM. Add. 
36759), and has been edited by Professor Feuillerat ; 
while of the ‘ Corporal’ unfortunately nothing but 
a list of dramatis personae remains (Bodl. MS. 
Rawl. Poet. 9). The ‘ Princess,’ by Thomas Killi- 
grew, was included in the colleéted folio of his 
plays published by Herringman in 1664. Neither 
of the ‘ Fatal Friendship’ nor of Mr. Burroughes 
does anything further appear to be known. A 
tragedy bearing the same title was later written by 
Catherine Trotter and printed in 1698. 


B. 
September. y*. 9": 1653... . 


Entred also for his Copies the severall Playes following. 
xx[j]*. vj*.? 


' As pointed out by Baker (‘Comp. to the Playhouse,’ 1764). 
The only copy that I have seen which has the catalogue is that at 
Trinity College, Cambridge. The catalogue is in two quires, a® b?. 
Later the two leaves of b were cancelled, and a full sheet, B®, 
appended to the remaining copies of a. I have a copy of the 
catalogue in this form at the end of Massinger’s ‘Three New 
Plays’ of 1655. In this among the ‘ Books lately Printed’ appear 
Carlell’s ‘ Discrete Lover’ and ‘Osmond.’ The‘ Spartan Ladies’ 
has vanished, but its place is taken by the ‘ Deserving Favourite.’ 
This was an old play printed as early as 1629, of which Mosely 
issued an edition in 1659. I suspeét that the ‘Spartan Ladies’ 
was the title borne by another manuscript of this play. ‘The name 
would be appropriate enough to the ladies who resolve to die with 
their lover and brother, while there are points which would even 
make Sparta not unsuitable as the scene of the aétion. 

* It should be noticed that the sum has been altered from 215. 6d. 
to 20s. 6d. This brings it right for forty-one plays. ‘Henry I 
& Henry II’ is counted as one piece. 














THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 241 


The Widdowes Prize. by M'. W™. Samson 

Witt in Madnesse 

The Louesick Maid, or the honour } Rich: Brome. 
of Young Ladies. by 

The Discreet Louer, or The Foole 
would bee a Fauourite. b 

Osman, the Great Turke, rl Lod: Carlel. 
The Noble seruant. both by 

The Countrey man. 

The Siege. by W™: Dauenant 

The lew of Venice, by Tho: Decker. 

The Woman's mistaken. by. Drew, & Dauenport. 

The History of Cardennio, by M'. Fletcher. & Shake- 
speare. 

The Gouernour. by S'. Cornelius Formido. 

The Kings Mistresse 

Beauty in a Trance. by M‘. In®. Ford. 

More Dissemblers besides Women. } 

A right Woman, or Women } 
beware of Women. \ M'. Tho: 

No Witt, no helpe like a Woman , Midleton. 

The Puritan Maid, modest Wife 
& Wanton Widdow. by. 





4 


The Noble Choice, or y* Orato" ) p. 286. 

The Wandring Louers, or y* Painter more to 

The Italian Night peece, or M*. Mosely 
The Vnfortunate, Piety 


Alexius the Chast Gallant or. 
The Bashfull Lover. | 

A very Woman, or y* Womans Plot. > 

The ludge, or Beleiue, as yo" list 

The Prisoner, or y* Faire Anchoress 

The Citie honest man, or y* Guardian 

The Spanish Vice Roy, or y* Hono’: of 
Women. 


Minerva’s Sacrifice, or y* Fore’d Lady J 


By Phill: 
Massinger. 





II, 





R 











Liber F. 
p. 193. 


M’. Hum 
Robinson 
& 


M’. Hum: 


Moseley. 





242 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


The Maid’s Tragedie. 2°. part 

The Crafty Merchant. or the 
Souldred Citizen 

The Politique Bankrupt, or | 
which is y*. Best Girle. | 


toy Shakerly Marmion. 


The Foole without Booke. {by Ww"; 
A Knaue in Print, or One for another. Rowley. 
The Polititian, by Iames Shirley. 


The spanish Duke of Lerma. 

The Duke of Guize 

The Dumbe Bawde & 

Giraldo, y* Constant Lover 

The merry Deuill of Edmonton. by W™: Shakespeare. 

Henry y*. first, & Hen: y* 2°. by Shakespeare, & 
Dauenport. 

The Nobleman, or Great man. by Cyrill Tourneur. 

The Inconstant Lady by M*. Arth. Wilson. 


by Henry Shirley. 


C. 


[29 lune 1660.] 


: Entred for their Copies (under the hand of M* Thrale 
Warden) these severall Plays following. vizt 


The ise one. 

The Nice Valour or the passionate Madman. 

Witt at severall Weapons. 

The Faire Maid of the Inne. 

A Maske of the Gentlemen of Graies Inne and | _iijs 
the Inner Temple at y* marriage of the Prince 
and Princesse Palatine of the Rhene. 

Foure Plays or morall Representations in one. 
all Six Copies written by Fra: Beamont & 
lohn Fletcher. : 























THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 243 


D. 
The 29" of Iune 1660. 


Entred for his Copies (vnder the hand of M* Thrale 
Warden) the severall Plays following. That is to say 
The Faithfull Friend a Comedy.) by Francis Beamont 
A right Woman. a Comedy. t Iohn Fletcher 
The History of Madon King of Brittain by F: Beamont. 
The Womans Plott. a Comedy. ) 
The Prisoners. a Tragi Comedy. 
The Honour of Women, a Comedy. 
Beleive as you list. a Tragedy 
The forced Lady. a Tragedy. =" 
The Tyrant. a cath ‘ pbs: 
The Bashfull Lovers. ——_ 
The Gardian. 
Philenzo & Hypollita. a Tragi Comedy. 
Antonio & Vallia. a Comedy. 
Fast -& Welcome. a Comedy. J 
The History of King Stephen. 
Duke Humphrey. a Tragedy. 
Iphis & Iantha Or a marriage 
without a man. a Comedy. 
The Vestall. a Tragedy. 
The noble Triall. a Tragi Comedy. by Hen: Glap- 
The Dutchess of Fernandina | thorne. 
a Tragedy. 
The Sodered Citizen. a Comedy. by Shakerley Marmion. 
The Fatall Love. a French Tragedy. By Geo: Chap- 





by Will: Shakspeare. 


A Tragedy of a Yorkshire 
Gentlewoman and her sonne — 


The Royall Combate. a Comedy. 
An ill beginning has a good end, & a bad | by Iohn 
beginning may have a good end. a Comedy Forde. 


The London Merchant. a Comedy. J 





Liber F, 
p- 196. 
M‘. Hum: 
Moseley. 








244 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


(This page is bracketed and summed ‘ xiij s.’) 
The 29" of Iune 1660. 


Mr. sag Entred for his Copies (vnder y* hand of M* Thrale 








* Warden) the severall Plays following. That is to say 
The None such. a Comedy. 
The booke of y* 4. Hon®*. Loves. 

a Comedy. 
The Parliament of Love. 
Gustavus King of Swethland. 
The Tale of Iloconda and by Tho: Decker. 
Astolso. a Comedy. 

The fatall Brothers, a Tragedy. 
The Politick Queen. Or murther 


by Witlm Rowley. 


by Rob‘. Daven- 


will out. — 
Nothing impossible to Love. »Trag’ Comedy by S‘ Rob*. 
Le Greece 


The Prodigall Scholar. a Comedy. by Tho: Randall. 

The Christmas Ordinary. a Comedy by Trinity Colt. 
Oxford 

Love hath found his Eyes. by Thomas Jordan. 


(This page is bracketed and summed ‘ v*. vj*.’) 


It will, of course, be noticed that there are a 
number of titles common to the lists of 1653 and 
1660, and we cannot do better than, with the full 
copies of Moseley’s entries and Warburton’s cata- 
logue before us, to reconstruct the parallel table 
given by Fleay. The entry of the six plays by 
Beaumont and Fletcher has already been mentioned 
above, and need not occupy us further. 














w 
+ 
N 


THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


‘uote = ‘juryouoyy Ayes) oy], 
‘soSursseyy L “Apery poouog 24, 
“s93uisse "QOYLIIG § LAIOUILY 
*s93uisse Baye 

y jo <«anouoy 241 
*s9ZuIsse “> ‘28pnf oy, 


*sosuistyy «SD “3st] NOA sv DAdI;og 


“s9Z uIsse "JO[g 8,ueWIO Ay 24. 
“s9Zuisse wee 
’ DISEYD 9Y} JO soIXoTV 
NOLUNGEV MA 
uI INd90 xis 





“s93uisse yy 


“uOTULIe Ay 


*raBusse jo 


"soBursseyy 





“URIPsIENs) YT 


‘se8uiseyy *S-, “ss2u0sIIg OY] 


‘AVA “D “wemoy 3y8u y 


2 


‘soSuissepy = “Ape’y poss0g oy], 


‘SO ‘“"BemIOKA 
anouo}yy TL 


‘soduissepy yy, “3s nod se oAat[og 


‘soSuissepy “S) “20[g 8,urWO Ay OY] 


“sOAOr] [NJYSEG OY], 


099! 


asoy3 JO pue ‘sorJjU2 OM} 9Y} 0} 





“uo [PPI 








{ “uvIpsens) 2Y3 JO 
| ‘avpy asouozy Arijoyy, * 
“r93uIsse nays cons 

: 243 Jo ‘s9UOSIIg Oy] 

“U9UIO AA 

a1eMo2q UsmIO KM 
30 ‘urwo,y, 343 y * 

“uz 

“BID P42P[Os ay 40 
ueyoueyy Ayessa oy * 

“Apey psosog ay 
40 ‘a0Yy129"g S,eAIOUI * 

“USUIO AA 

“so8uisse yy | snouoyy 243 410 
‘horsa1A ysiueds oy * 

"ys1] NOA se 
aasipeg 40 ‘a8pnf oyy, * 

"20[g S,ueWO A, 243 
zo ‘uewoyy, AIA Y * 

*12A0'T 

["yyseg 242 Jo Query] 
~[B£) 23seY> O43 sIxeTy * 

£S91 


23ST] $,uOJINGIE AA 
uowwos ose seid douIN 


“s98ursse py 


on 


™ 


“UOIULIE 


—— 


—] 


satay | 


~”“" 


t+ 


"19Zursse 


“ 


“so3uisse 


*raSuisse | 























yay 2% uLWIO (1) ’ 
; seman - ae , es 
‘ ‘ : 
> peer ee poy | [ey oar urudry> 
- cnlintes LHL o190N uL | nm 
(x) aient US Fie IQON UL | ausoyide 3 % uLWOME}UD <7 
~ “yo8ut "IN iL *hor Pines, VL ‘guioyid IS . ° "oD a1lysyso 
. Iss JA — 4 yauinpy ‘ou. wo L ‘eu L DA0'] | AV’ 
JoZuisse aul09]9 oyng soyidey Ipueusa,y jeaeg 2 gz 
ice *yo3ul W os "eITTeA M pue isey *91vadsoxe 5 ‘7-1 * jo ssayong UL ‘le 
oO Issey — ‘oyjoddiyy ee o1uojuy a tan 219°N = ‘gt 
i . v OZ e ° 2 . . 28 . 
wn pe sade “sodurryy x ane ol ba 
© 45 M WL pera es a “2UIO2]2 A H nq ‘fz 
4 TT S$ uoJINGJe Issey ‘>-L ae “uA pur eee. 22 
wv, : insusNo 7 » M pue Any : I zs H pue fe mad "18 
< wos AA “AA -. “> us 099! ‘ogg! L “wuesk Id “oz 
Pal *yodusarq O71 ‘urwio aE) PUL ) he 0} UO L Pa. “61 
“urudey asvadsayeys Ape] pre e1L j . WIWIOD 1B S 
os -ApoBes I, 8,u9p wy he. — apn Auom T 
, : uepie ° 
oie u022|PPI . +t pti, weg senate qrodusar. UOSTITAA “VW JW 38215) 10 fais 
oa "1% MOP AA UO: YD 19° °S Cl 8 ested WPIION 
_ wa FL AA SAPO 2 uOIUe MA, — UL STEYS ' “Apery juris *4L 8! 
Cees “*y , prey uez pue *yoSuiss “ue il Asuoypy uoouy 247, * 
uosdureg "sours | . any UL ; Issv yA] aaa puz ‘kpaSes pur | Aauayy ete 
4 ‘5 c ad pe, 4033[PPIA O 242 40 ‘3210 3 ‘PrN 11. ‘9 
e Zid oy A an 1q° I 
= NOLUNEAY MA d SOP! wan ein Pure az 3s9po] MOPI MA TION ML.“ 
‘ puso] u “Pre wean M 
° 3ST] s uojin UOSUIeS sourly & o- 1d OL Cr 
que pure £ ‘32 “OU2AOH OU, “11 
aqua £$ “€SQ1 lg $,MOpL yy oy 1 
gi 943 0} UowW ‘MA PHL “OF 
wo 
1} QUINT 












247 


THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


“arvadsoyeys 


‘uojuoUIpy jo [laogq Auepy 2yy, “19 


“Aayrys *H *IQAO'T JUE}SUOD FY} ‘OplEsIZ) “OQ 
“£aqatys *H “pmeg quing oy, “6S 
“£a1s1yS “H *‘asing) Jo aynq] ay,7, “gS 
“4a|a14S *H “BULIa] jo ayn] ysiuedg ayy, “L$ 


“aRIIaOg 241, “9S 
*hajmo ew 
ION ) soy vuQ 30 Guug ut saeuy y °SS 
*hajmoy *‘yoog ynoyyM joog syy “FS 
"BID 380q By 81 
yorymM Jo dasyueg onyog oy “£S 
*Ayaig ayeunziojus) 
24) 30 fa001g IYSINN URYEIy oy “ZS 


*£aqaiys *[ 


*s19Zuisse yy 


on "s9UIeg 
WSUISEN } ay 10 “s19A07] Suuepuryy oy 1S 
“UOJIPPIY = “wEUIOAA & 941; dyozy OU “3144 ON “OS 


‘UOI|PPIJY —«—“UITO AA SOptsog sJd]|qQuIossic] WOW] 


*ssosasty S$ Bury oy 7 
*gavodsaytys 29 19423214 “Oluspsesd jo AsoysI FT 2Y] 


‘yuodusarq 2% eng “UDFLISIA] SULWIO A YT 


"32999 "201U9A jo maf U7 
‘qurUsArG "a391g 9U] 
‘uryy Anunosd oy] 

{ "JURAIIG 2IGON 


? ‘aulmnoary & oq pynom 
uPEeD | JOOg 242 JO ‘19A07J DIZI281C7 24 
2 ‘soipey Zuno,x 
ay a AInouoYy 3Y3 JO ‘pieyy YIIs-9a0'T 
*smIOIg “ssoupeyy Ul JM 





“6% 
“gb 


‘LY 
‘gb 
‘Sb 
“+ 
“t+ 
*zP 
“1% 


‘oF 
*6€ 


: Ajuo Asyua £$91 dy} UT INd90 saz31) 90143-AJUIM J, 


‘uepiof *soAq Sty INO puNo; YIFY 2A077 
*U9BIL) FB] *D-L, “2A0'T 03 a]qissodurt Zurpsony 





“9972 ‘D ‘osfosy 2g Opuorof 
‘purpomg jo Bury oy,7, 
*fa]moy “QA0'T JO JuSUIEIEG Oy] 
“ha moy *“S2AO'T 2]QeINOUOTY OY] 
*hapmoy “) "yonsouon oy] 
“ploy ‘)  ‘queyoey_Y] UopuoT oy], 
— j ‘pus poo3 
PHOd ) © oavy Ava SuiuuiZ9q poos y 
“prog ‘D  “WquIod jedoy oy], 





‘uepsof *soAQ SIy PuNoy YIeY DA0°] 
*209015) 9] “)-L  “PA0'T 03 a[qissodur Buryony 
"129932q ‘} ‘osjosy 29 epuoccof 
*19942Q] “purlyiemg jo Bury ‘snarjsnsy 
*fapmoy "QA0'] JO JUOWIEIALY OY] 
*fajmoy "S) “SPAT BIQEINOUOP] INO oy] 
*fapmoy “) ‘yonsouoyy oyy 
"ploy ‘)  ‘wLyue~y UOpuOCT oy], 
‘) ‘pue 
“paog 4 pooS e sary Aeur SuruuiZeq prq & 
2% ‘pus pood e sey SuruuiZeq | uy 
‘prog ‘D “wud jedoy 24,1, 








“gf 
“LE 
“9f 
SE 
“+E 
“€€ 
*zé 
“r€ 


‘of 
“62 











ukraine ~ oe —— ——— i 








THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


248 


‘styoing ystueds oyy “2g 

‘D ‘snaydig “9g 

‘ayeSpn'y] jo sr2a07y ayy, “Sg 

*usend Arey oy, “hg 

‘auimoary seg oy “fg 

“woynys AND ey], “7g 

‘Poom “Y ‘a10A Surdty ey], “18 
“POOM “UY “opnjssiul Uy "Og 
"rode My “AA “ULyS Boy & ul Buidoajs poos s1y, “62 


“‘Buryyong “sO 
“YRIUIS "11M *purl3uq 10; 281025) “1g 
‘aavadsayrys “held y 

"IMOLIEY ‘Aepyopy Ss uopieyy 247, 

‘sonborf *4 "J *BOISIOT) JO DENT) 24], 

‘qof jo Apodery, 
“Us2I5) “Y *qof{ jo Asoysipy oy] 
TRA°D “A ‘you y 
*haiyory *[ ‘) ‘savoq3ng oy], 


“gl 
“LL 
“gl 
*$Z 
“vl 
£2 
*zZ 
“1Z 
‘o£ 


Quoye si] SuOJINGIe AA UT Jeodde yoryM sud} 9974319 1e dI1943 ‘ATISE'T 


"u0xO 

M9 “UAL ‘D “Areurpao seunsiryD ey, “69 
“Tepury ‘D  “aejoyrg [eBtporg a4], “89 

. = 

woduasac Jopinfy JO ‘usvenG 2yOg x4 “49 

*ysodusarg “L ‘sieyiolg [eivyg 24 “99 


*gavadsaye rane. Segre 
SAFES -yiim a8eseyy & JO “eyury 2 stydy 
‘aavadsoyrys ‘usydaig Bury jo Aroysipy oy 7 
“uIeyUIg 


‘uounreg jo 3ury ‘uepey jo Asoysipy oy 
"S9qo[ J 3B wouNveG “DY “py” [Yyley 24,1 


“Sg 
“tg 


*f9 
“29 


: Ajuo A13uU2 OQgI IY} UT INd90 saII19 I4SIT 

















THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 249 


Many of these pieces are not otherwise known: 
this is the case with nos. 12, 13, 22-9, 32, 35, 36, 
38, 43, 46, 48, 53-5, 57-60, 62, 64-8, 72, 78, 
80-2, 85, 86, 88. Concerning the rest brief notes 
may be desirable. I have mainly followed the 
references given by Fleay. 


1. The ‘Bashful Lover’ was licensed by Herbert 
g May 1636, and printed in 1655 together with nos. 2 
and g. ‘Alexius, or the Chaste Lover,’ was licensed 
25 Sept. 1639. There is extant in the Bodleian (MS. 
Donce 171, fol. 48) a fragment of an English comedy on 
the loves of Alice and Alexis. It is described as the 
author’s draft, extending as far as III. i, but with an 
argument of the whole, and as belonging to the early 
seventeenth century. I have not seen it. Alexis was, 
of course, a very common name in fiction. 

2. ‘A Very Woman’ was licensed 6 June 1634, and 
printed as above. The ‘ Woman’s Plot’ was acted at 
Court in 1621 (a statement, however, for which there 
seems no better authority than Reed, ‘Biog. Dram.’ 
1782). 

3. The ‘ Judge’ was licensed 6 June 1627. ‘Believe 
as you list’ was licensed 7 May 1631, apparently as 
reformed from an earlier piece to which licence had on 
political grounds been refused on 11 Jan., and the manu- 
script is preserved (B.M. Egerton 2828). 

4. The ‘Honour of Women’ was licensed 6 May 
1628. The ‘Spanish Viceroy’ was admitted by the 
King’s players, 20 Dec. 1624, to have been performed by 
them without licence. 

5. *‘ Minerva’s Sacrifice’ was licensed 3 Nov. 1629. 

6. The ‘Cra[fty] Merchant, or Come to my Country 
House,’ by William Bonen, was licensed 12 Sept. 1623. 

7. Printed with Middleton’s name in 1657, together 
with no. 49. 











250 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


8. The ‘Fair Anchoress of Pausilippo’ was licensed 
26 Jan. 1640. The ‘ Prisoners’ was properly the title of 
a play by T. Killigrew printed in 1664. 

g. The ‘Guardian’ was licensed 31 O&. 1633, and 
printed with Nos. 1 and 2 as above. 

10. Said on doubtful authority (Halliwell’s ‘ Dictionary’) 
to have been licensed 25 Jan. 1625. 

11. Extant in the British Museum (Add. 10419). 
The manuscript, dated 1656, was purchased at the Heber 
sale, and bears the inscription, ‘This Play formerly 
belonged to John Warburton, Somerset Herald.’ 

14. The ‘ Orator’ was licensed 10 Jan. 1635. 

15. One of the plays preserved from Warburton’s 
collection. It bears Buc’s licence dated 31 O&. 1611. 

16. Licensed as by ‘ Damport,’ 10 Apr. 1624 (Malone, 
1794, li. 189). 

17. By Arthur Wilson: preserved in a manuscript in 
the Bodleian (Rawl. Poet. ga). 

18. The ‘Nobleman,’ by Tourneur, was entered in 
the Stationers’ Register 15 Feb. 1612, and acted at court 
23 Feb. following, and again in 1612/13. 

19. This play, a manuscript in quarto, was in War- 
burton’s sale in Nov. 1759. 

20. A ‘Philipo and Hippolito’ was a new play of 
the Admiral’s Men, 9 July 1594, and a ‘Julio and 
Hyppolita’ is in the German collection of 1620. A 
manuscript is said by Collier (‘Henslowe,’ xxxi) to be 
among the Conway papers. 

21. ‘Antony and Valia’ was a play of the Admiral’s 
Men in 1595. A manuscript (of the second half of 
the seventeenth century) with Antonio of Ragusa as a 
character is in the Bodleian (Rawl. Poet. 93), but the 
chief characters are said to be Odtavio and Alessandra. 

30. ‘Abad beginning makes a good ending’ was acted 
at court by the King’s men in 1612/13. 

31. This is the name of the play disturbed by the 
Citizen in the ‘ Knight of the Burning Pestle.’ 





























THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 251 


33- ‘Die 4 bestendigen Liebhabers’ was a play of 
English origin current in Germany (Mecklenburg) 
c. 1660 (Herz 68). 

34. Licensed as Massinger’s 3 Nov. 1624: the manu- 
script (imperfect) is preserved (Dyce, MS. 39). 

39. ‘ Wit in a Madness’ had been previously entered, 
together with the ‘ Sparagus Garden’ and the ‘ Antipodes,’ 
19 Mar. 1640. 

40. Licensed in Feb. 1629, and acted at court the 
same year. 

41-2. Printed together in 1657. 

44. Printed in the folio of 1673. 

45. There is extant in manuscript a German play, 
‘Josephus, Jude von Venedig,’ which:is no doubt in 
some way related. 

47. *Cardenna’ was acted 8 June 1613, ‘Cardenno’ at 
court in 1612/13. 

49. Printed in 1657 with no. 7. 

50. Printed in 1657. 

51. The ‘Wandring Lovers’ was licensed as Fletcher’s, 
6 Dec. 1623. 

52. The ‘Unfortunate Piety’ was licensed 13 June 
1631. 

56. Printed in 1655. 

61. Entered 22 Oé. 1607 and printed four times 
before Moseley’s entry, while even the edition of 1655 
was not issued by him, but by W. Gilbertson. 

62. The ‘ Faithful Friends’ is preserved in manuscript 
(Dyce, MS. 10). 

68. Presumably Thomas Randolph is the author in- 
tended: nothing is known of the play. 

69. Printed, as by ‘W. R. Master of Arts,’ in 1682. 

70. The ‘ Bugbears,’ one of the rescued manuscripts. 
At the end is the inscription, ‘lohannus (sic) Jeffere 
scribebat hoc,’ but he may have been only the scribe, or 
one of them, for the manuscript is in several hands. 

71. There seems to be no other mention of this writer. 








i 
| 





252 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


72-3. These are presumably the same. The play was 
not entered in 1594 as stated by Stephen Jones (‘Biog. 
Dram.’ 1812), so that Warburton remains our ae 
authority. Therefore ‘Rob. Green’ is very likely the 
same as ‘S‘. Rob. le Green,’ i.e. Le Grys (cf. no. 37). 
There was a piece called ‘Job’s Afflictions,’ written by 
R. Radcliffe in the first half of the sixteenth century. 

74. One of the rescued plays. 

75. Entered as by Marlowe and Day, 8 Apr. 1654. 

76. Most likely one of the plays mentioned in the 
other lists: either 47, 64, or 65. 

78. Suckling’s ‘Fragmenta Aurea’ had been various 
times printed, but other matter was left in manuscript till 
the ‘ Last Remains’ of 1659. After that there was more 
than one complete edition. 

80-1. Of Ralph Wood nothing more seems to be 
known. 

82. The ‘City Shuffler’ was aéted at Salisbury Court 
and stayed by Herbert in O&. 1633 (Collier, 1831, ii. 54). 

83. By Davenant, licensed 17 Nov. 1638, and printed 
in the folio of 1673. 

86. A fragment is said by Reed (‘ Biog. Dram.’ 1782) 
to be in the British Museum, but I have been unable 
to find it. 


Now anyone who studies the above lists with 
care will find ample food for reflection. For my 
own part I feel it extremely difficult to make up 
my mind as to whether Moseley was a knave or 
Warburton a liar. Each alternative is intrinsically 
probable, and yet there seems hardly evidence 
enough to substantiate both charges. Could we 
indeed call general evidence of character, it might 
not be hard to do so, but we must stick to the case 
before us. 

















THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 253 


It is chiefly the alternative titles in Moseley’s 
1653 entry that excite suspicion against him, bre 
in several cases there is independent evidence which 
suggests that the alternative titles really belonged 
to different plays. The implication, of course, 
would be that Moseley was trying to smuggle 
through two plays for a single fee. In three cases 
Warburton enters, as belonging to separate plays, 
titles given Moseley as alternative. This, as 
we shall see when we come to cross-examine 
Warburton, is not very serious, but there is better 
evidence to follow. The first four plays of 1653 
are each entered with double titles, and in every 
case each title is known separately from Herbert’s 
accounts. Moreover in the case of several plays 
which are extant there is nothing to suggest the 
alternative title at all. The ‘ Very Woman’ con- 
tains no woman’s plot; ‘ Believe as you list’ con- 
tains no judge; the ‘Guardian’ deals with the 
court and not the city. The ‘Great Man,’ too, 
seems a foolish second-title to the ‘ Nobleman.’ It 
might be suggested that Moseley meant each as an 
alternative entry, leaving himself the option of 
publishing either play. This, however, seems very 
unlikely, and there is no evidence that the Sta- 
tioners’ Company would ever have sanctioned such 
a proceeding. Moreover, ‘Henry I and Henry II’ 
is clearly entered as one play, though such a title 
is almost incredible. In no less than nine cases 
plays entered under double titles in 1653 were re- 
entered under one title only in 1660. This almost 
forces us to the belief that not nine but eighteen 
plays were really involved, whether we suppose 











254 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


that Moseley discovered his mistake and reétified it 
of his own accord, or that the Company discovered 
it and forced him to do so. 

There is something to be said in Moseley’s favour. 
The fraud supposed would have been a dangerous 
one to practice, for had the Company discovered 
it, it is unlikely that they would have been satisfied 
with mere re-entry. Moreover in two cases (1 
and g) the title re-entered in 1660 is that under 
which Moseley had himself published in play in 
the interval. This looks like mere blundering. A 
solution is perhaps suggested by the case of the 
‘ Spanish Viceroy,’ for it will be observed that 
there is nothing to prevent our supposing that the 
play acted without licence in 1624 was subsequently 
revised and licensed under another title in 1628. 
Even though we may not be inclined to follow 
Fleay in all his hazardous identifications, it still 
seems probable that a great deal of revision and 
re-writing did take place in the Massinger plays, 
and it is conceivable that this may account in part 
at least for the difficulties noticed. Even in the 
case of ‘ Believe as you list’ it may be submitted 
that the political events upon which the plot was 
based were not recent, that a play presumably 
founded upon them is recorded by Henslowe as 
early as 1601, and that there is no gross improba- 
bility in supposing that Herbert licensed in 1627 
a play substantially the same as another which he 
refused in January 1631, when the peace with Spain 
was a tender babe of a few months only. It is 
more than probable, therefore, that divergent 
versions of certain plays existed under different 


























THE .BAKINGS OF BETSY. 255 


titles. If then it be supposed that the manuscripts 
in Moseley’s hands bore both titles, or that he was 
aware of the double nature of the plays he hoped 
to secure, and also that the duplicate entries of 
1660 may be explained as mere oversights, it may 
not be impossible to account for the puzzles of the 
entries in the Registers. That grave difficulties 
do not remain, in view of the apparent irrecon- 
cilability of the alleged duplicate titles of extant 
pieces, cannot be contended, but I must content 
myself with suggesting possibilities in a case in 
which I have admittedly no satisfactory theory to 
offer my readers. 

Should it have chanced that Moseley acted 
honestly in the matter, and that his entries are 
correét, it follows, of course, that the authenticity 
of Warburton’s list must go by the board. For 
the close agreement between that list and the 
entries has been generally and necessarily held to 
indicate that Moseley’s collection must have formed 
the bulk of Warburton’s, and probably came into 
his hands en d/oc. If then Moseley’s alternative 
titles are genuine, how comes it that in three cases 
Warburton has made separate plays of them? We 
are at once confronted with the question: Is 
Warburton’s list what it purports to be, a genuine 
catalogue of a collection of manuscript plays, or is 
it a fabrication from various sources? And it 
becomes at this point important to know whether 
Warburton was acquainted with the Stationers’ 
Registers or not. There is definite evidence that 
he was. For one of his plays which has survived 
is headed the ‘The Second Maiden’s Tragedy.’ 











256 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


The heading is late, and has been borrowed from 
Buc’s license of 31 Oét. 1611, at the end: ‘This 
second maydens tragedy (for it hath no name 
inscribed) may w" the reformations bee aéted 
publikely.’ This is almost certainly the play 
entered as ‘The Maid’s Tragedie. 2‘. part,’ in 1653, 
and there surely can be little doubt that War- 
burton had this entry as well as the manuscript 
play before him when he entered the latter in his 
own list as ‘2°. pt. Maidens Trag.’ Warburton 
thus knew a source which would account for 
perhaps three quarters of his own list. We must 
therefore scrutinize his evidence somewhat closer. 
If his complete collection came originally from 
Moseley, it could hardly be, as he represents it the 
result of many years’ collecting ; it must have come 
en bloc. There is, however, the possibility that he 
added to it from other sources, so that this point 
should not be pressed. The entries of 1653 and 
1660 account for thirty-eight out of a total ot 
fifty-six items in the list, so that only eighteen 
remain. Two are entered under other dates. One, 
‘A Play by Will Shakespear,’ is also probably one 
of those entered. One is known from Herbert’s 
licenses. Suckling’s Works imply no special know- 
ledge. The two ‘Jobs’ are most likely identical. 
There remain twelve which we can only account 
for as representing actual manuscripts. Two ot 
these manuscripts actually exist in the Lans- 
downe volume. As regards the ten others, it 
must be borne in mind that Warburton may have 
had a better knowledge of the Registers from 
1640 onwards than we as yet can boast, and the 


























THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 257 


same may even possibly apply to the licenses of 
the Masters of the Revels. We are therefore by 
no means bound to assume that they all represent 
actual manuscripts. And there are certain sus- 
picious points about the list. Of the twelve plays 
just mentioned, nine occur in the shorter list on 
the verso of the leaf, and these nine include the 
two out of three plays rescued complete which are 
not otherwise recorded: moreover, the last few 
entries on this side are somewhat irregular, and 
many have been added later. Of the last ten titles, 
the only one previously recorded is Tourneur’s 
‘Nobleman,’ while in the list on the recto of the 
leaf there are only nine items not in Moseley’s 
entries, and of these four are known from other 
sources. The fragmentary play of Wild’s rescued 
is not entered in the list at all; nor is ‘ Demetrius 
and Marina,’ which appeared at Warburton’s sale ; 
but these may have been acquired later. On the 
other hand, the ‘ Tyrant,’ which is represented as 
having been destroyed, was also in the sale, and is 
presumably still extant somewhere. So again with 
Formido’s ‘Governor,’ which is extant in the 
British Museum. It may be a different manu- 
script, of course, but it bears a note, possibly in 
Heber’s own hand-writing, stating that it is the 
same. Again, ‘ Believe as you list,’ entered both 
in 1653 and 1660, is in Warburton’s list of victims, 
yet it too is now safe in the British Museum. 
Here again we may suppose two manuscripts, but 
it will be well to remember that Moseley’s collec- 
tion must have consisted mostly of official playhouse 
copies bearing the Master’s licence, that we 


II, Ss 




















258 THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 


know that this was the case with one early play 
preserved—the ‘Second Maiden’s Tragedy ’—and 
that it is just the official licensed copy of ‘ Believe 
as you list’ that has survived. There is also a 
slight difficulty that arises if we suppose Moseley’s 
alternative titles to be genuine, and Warburton to 
have inherited his collection. For some of the 
plays had been printed, and if Moseley had sent a 
play to the press, it is most unlikely that he would 
have ever seen the copy again, still more unlikely 
that he would have replaced it among his unprinted 
stock. There is one point on which Warburton 
clearly had some authority independent of the 
Register. In the 1653 list we find ‘ Alexis the 
Chaste Gallant,’ in Warburton’s ‘ Alexias or the 
Chaste Gallant.’ Now ‘ Alexias’ is jsupported by 
the ‘ Alexius’ of Herbert’s licence, but Herbert 
has ‘ Lover’ for ‘Gallant.’ If Herbert is correét, 
we have another instance in which Warburton 
followed the Register and not the manuscript. 
He may have concoéted the title from the 1653 
entry and either Herbert or some other source now 
lost. If Herbert was right! We cannot tell; 
but as Moseley added a second title, the ‘ Bashful 
Lover,’ he would have had a motive for altering 
‘Lover’ to ‘ Gallant,’ while Herbert would have 
no reason for a change. 

This, I think, concludes the evidence I have 
been able to extract from the lists. That it 
amounts to a disproof of Warburton’s extraordinary 
claim I do not for a moment pretend. But taken 
all together, I think that it does throw considerable 
doubt upon the story. My own idea of what 




















THE BAKINGS OF BETSY. 259 


happened is somewhat as follows. Warburton in 
the course of his antiquarian researches came 
across a few manuscript plays and grew interested 
in the subject. He colleéted notes, probably from 
various sources, but chiefly from Moseley’s entries, 
and made out a list containing the titles of such 
pieces as he thought it might be possible to 
recover, in addition to those of the plays of which 
he had already become possessed. Some he actually 
did succeed in finding, and a few further manu- 
scripts coming into his hands were added at the 
end of the list. The colleétion and list were then 
laid aside, a few manuscripts finding their way 
among the rest of the colleétor’s archaeological 
litter, the bulk, however, within reach of the 
parsimonious fingers of Betsy the baker of pies. 
Long afterwards her master discovered his loss, 
and no longer in the least remembering either the 
extent of his collection or the nature of his list, 
added in a fit of not unnatural vexation the famous 
memorandum. If this be so, we have undoubtedly 
to lament the loss of a few pieces, perhaps of 
considerable interest, but not by any means the 
dramatic holocaust that has made famous the 
name of the ‘ pie-eating Somerset Herald.’ 
W. W. Gres. 

















260 


AN HISTORIC BIBLE AT 
HEIDELBERG. 







(fil possesses a very early copy of the 

4| Bek) English Authorised Version of the 
Vee)| KSeYl Bible, not indeed of the editio 

) : 

BZE princeps, but of the first quarto 
edition, published in 1612. As the Tercentenary 
has reminded us, there were two sets of early 
editions of the 1611 versions, distinguished as 
the ‘He’ and ‘She’ Bibles respectively according 
as they read in Ruth iii. 15 ‘he went into the 
citie’ or ‘she went into the citie,’ the former 
being the correct rendering. All the 1612 
quartos are ‘ He’ Bibles, but again there are two 
issues, readily distinguishable by the headline of 
sig. [H.5] verso. The Heidelberg copy is one 
of those which read, ‘The Galatians reproued. 
To the Galaitans. The Law a scholemaster to 
Christ ’"—that is to say, it has the characteristic 
misprint ‘Galaitans.’ In it the following errata of 
the 1611 ‘He’ Bible still remain uncorreéted: 
‘Emorite’ for ‘ Amorite’ in Gen. x. 16; ‘ hoopes’ 
for ‘ hooks’ in Exod. xxxviii. 11; ‘ offred, offered’ 
for ‘ offered’ in Ezra iii. 5; ‘that he may have’ 
for ‘that ye may have’ in Ezek. vi. 8; ‘ poured it’ 























AN HISTORIC BIBLE. 261 


for ‘ poured it not’ in Ezek. xxiv. 7. The Bible 
is a complete one, including genealogies, map of 
Canaan, and the Apocrypha, and is preceded by 
‘The Booke of Common Prayer, with the Psalter 
or Psalmes of David, Of that Translation which is 
appointed to be vsed in Churches. Imprinted at 
London by Robert Barker, Printer to the Kings 
most Excellent Maiestie. 1611.’ At the end of 
the volume is the metrical version of the Psalms 
(Sternhold and Hopkins), ‘Imprinted for the 
Companie of Stationers. 1612.’ The Prayer Book 
is in black letter, but all the rest is in Roman type. 
If this were all, there would be nothing par- 
ticularly remarkable about this Heidelberg Bible; 
and as a matter of fact, until a short time ago it 
was standing all unheeded along with much dusty 
Old Testament literature in the theological division 
of the library (pressmark Q. 397). Now, how- 
ever, it has been withdrawn from obscurity, and it 
will be accorded a place in the permanent exhibi- 
tion of choice books and MSS. which is at present 
undergoing re-arrangement at the hands of Professor 
Sillib, one of the librarians. It is beyond doubt 
a relic of the unfortunate Elizabeth, Eleétress 
Palatine and Queen of Bohemia, daughter of our 
James I. If it was not used by her personally, it 
at least belonged to a member of her household. 
The book is battered now, but it was once a 
handsome volume. It is bound in calf, and both 
covers are stamped in gold with a design occupying 
almost the whole surface and surrounding the royal 
arms as borne by James I. and his Stuart successors. 
The edges are gilt and impressed with a dotted 




















262 AN HISTORIC BIBLE 


scroll-work pattern. The fastenings that the book 
apparently once possessed have disappeared. 

The first internal feature to be noted is in the 
Litany, where one of the petitions runs: ‘ That it 
may please thee to blesse and preserue our gracious 
Queene Anne, Prince Charles, Frederic Prince 
Eleétor palatin, and the lady Elizabeth his wife, the 
words in italics being neatly written in imitation 
of Roman type on two narrow slips of paper, 
which are pasted in so as to hide the printed words 
which followed ‘ Prince.’ On the next page, also 
in the Litany, there is ‘A prayer for the Queene 
and Prince, and other the King and Queenes 
children,’ which has been similarly altered, so that 
it reads: ‘ Almighty God, which hast promised to 
be a Father of thine eleét and of their seed, we 
humbly beseech thee to blesse our gracious Queen 
Anne, Prince Charles, Frederic Prince Eleétor 
Palatin, & the Lady Elizabeth his Wife.’ This time 
the paper slips, though still adhering to the 
margin, have been so loosened that it is possible 
to read the underlying printed text. The words 
designed to be obliterated are: ‘Henry, and all 
the King and Queenes Royall Progenie.’ Prince 
Henry, it may be remarked, died on 6th Novem- 
ber, 1612. The Princess Elizabeth and the Eleétor 
Frederic V. went through the ceremony of be- 
trothal on 27th December, 1612, and Mrs. Everett 
Green (‘Elizabeth Queen of Bohemia,’ new edition, 
revised by Mrs. S. C. Lomas, 1909, p. 46) says that 
‘from this time the Prince [Frederic] was prayed 
for publicly in the churches among the children of 
the King.’ Elizabeth, however, could hardly have 

















AT HEIDELBERG. 263 


been called his wife until after their marriage, 
which took place on St. Valentine’s Day, 14th 
February, 1613. 

Even if those paper slips were pasted in the 
Litany originally for use in England, there is little 
doubt that the handsome Bible and service book 
made its way to Heidelberg and was used by some- 
body in Elizabeth’s private chapel at the Castle 
there. And afterwards, when the Princess and her 
husband moved to Prague (Oétober, 1619), to take 
possession of the crown of Bohemia, the book 
must have accompanied them. At any rate it was 
there when, scarcely more than a year later, after 
the battle of the White Hill, 8th November, 1620, 
the Winter King and Queen fled to Breslau, leaving 
a considerable quantity of their belongings behind 
at Prague to fall into the hands of the victorious 
Imperial troops. An inscription in faded ink on 
the flyleaf of the Bible says, in a hand which the 
Chief Librarian, Professor Wille, does not doubt to 
be contemporary, ‘Ex Arce Pragensi post victoria 
Cesaream. A° 1620.’ In these words, with many 
a flourish of his pen, the unknown writer has 
recorded the fact that this book was part of the 
loot which the Imperialists got at Prague. A 
subsequent owner has copied out the inscription 
immediately below in a more legible script. A 
third owner has appended to this the note: ‘v. 
Moshemii Histor. eccles. p. 863.’ Mosheim’s 
‘Institutiones’ were not published until 1755, and 
the part of his work referred to is devoted to an 
account of the ecclesiastical condition of England 
under James I. A little lower down on the flyleaf 





264 AN HISTORIC BIBLE 


there are two more references in the same hand- 


writing: ‘S. Nachrichten von einer Hallischen ° 


Bibliothek, 7. band, p. 95. sqq. 101. sqq. Walchii 
Bibliotheca Theolog. Seleéta, Tom. IV. p. 124.’ 
The ‘ Nachrichten’ quoted appeared at Halle in 
1751; J. G. Walch’s ‘ Bibliotheca’ was published 
at Jena in 1765. At both places information will 
be found respeéting the English translations of the 
Bible. 

On the back of the flyleaf, in the same hand, a 
passage in praise of the English Prayer Book has 
been copied from a French translation of the 
‘Tatler.’ ‘Cette Liturgie est parfaitement belle. 
Il n’y en eut jamais, ni dans aucune nation, ni dans 
aucune Langue, dont les sentimens et les expres- 
sions repondent mieux a la petitesse de |’ home, 
et a la grandeur de la Divinite. v. Steele Babillard, 
ou Le Philosophe Nouvelliste,’ Tom. II. art. 31. 
p- 338. I have not been able to verify this quota- 
tion, as the French translation is not accessible 
here in Heidelberg; but the thought is repeated 
by Steele in No. 147 of the ‘ Speétator.’ 

The same hand again has written in the margin 
at the beginning of the Communion Service: ‘v. 
Bayle Diétionn. Tom. ii. p. 842 b au fin.’ The 
1740 edition of Bayle contains at that place a 
quotation from Burnet on the Communion Service 
in the Elizabethan Prayer Book. 

In Aéts vi. 3 the word ‘we’ in the phrase ‘whom 
we may appoint’ has been underlined, and the 
same writer has noted in the margin: ‘ Butler 
Hudibras . p. 381. Baumgarté Hallische Biblioth. 
vol. VII. p. 105.’ That is to say, the owner, 











Da Hata. erm 2 











ars ‘ 





AT HEIDELBERG. 265 


having read in Siegmund Jacob Baumgarten’s 
‘Nachrichten’ for February, 1751, that some 
copies of the English Bible as late as 1689 still 
contained the misprint ‘ye’ instead of ‘we’ in 
Aéts vi. 3, turned like a good bibliophil to the 
passage in his own copy to see what the reading 
was there. This misprint originated in the first 
Cambridge Bible of 1629, and lent fictitious aid to 
the anti-episcopalian arguments of some seétaries. 
What edition of Hudibras is referred to, I do not 
know, but presumably the passage intended is 
Part III., canto ii., ll. 7-10: 


So e’er the storm of war broke out, 
Religion spawn’d a various rout 
Of petulant capricious seéts, 

The maggots of corrupted texts. 


I conjecture ithat all these notes in the third 
hand are the work of the only former owner of the 
volume whose name can be stated with certainty 
—Erhard Riedlin. His engraved armorial book- 
plate in rococo style, with the inscription ‘ Ex 
Bibliotheca Erhardi Riedlin,’ and signed J. A. 
Fridrich jun. A.V., is pasted inside the cover. 
Jakob Andreas Fridrich, the younger, of Augsburg 
(A.V. = Augustae Vindelicorum), was engraver to 
the court of Wiirttemberg, and a frequent designer 
of book-plates. Count Leiningen-Westerburg in 
his work on German Bookplates seleéts the Riedlin 
bookplate for reproduction as the most character- 
istic specimen of this artist's work. The facsimile 
is given on p. 229 of the German edition (‘ Deutsche 














266 AN HISTORIC BIBLE 


und oesterreichische Bibliothekzeichen Ex Libris,’ 
Stuttgart, 1901), and is no doubt to be found also 
in the English translation by G. R. Dennis (Bell 
and Sons, 1901). The learned author dates it circa 
1750, and this agrees with the dates of the books 
cited in the MS. notes, and with the only other 
faét that I have been able to discover about Erhard 
Riedlin, viz., that he graduated at Géttingen in 
1742, for the British Museum possesses his 
‘Dissertatio Historica sistens vitam, itinera et 
scripta Fr. F. Fabri’ (pressmark T. 1519/10). 
Perhaps he was a relative of Veit Riedlin, a 
physician of Ulm, who is the only person of the 
name in Jécher’s ‘Gelehrtenlexicon.’ I find no 
mention of him in Meusel’s ‘ Gelehrtes Teutsch- 
land.” 

How or when Riedlin’s old English Bible was 
acquired by the Heidelberg University Library is 
unknown. It has certainly been there for forty 
years, and probably a good deal longer, to judge 
from the handwiiting of the slip on which it is 
catalogued. Possibly it was offered for sale and 
bought with full appreciation of its historical 
significance, but if so its importance has been 
overlooked and forgotten. It is not at all surprising 
that a royal book should have passed into private 
hands after the battle in 1620, but that it should have 
come back after more than a century, perhaps after 
two centuries, to such an appropriate abiding place 
as Heidelberg is indeed strange. At least one 
other of Elizabeth’s books has undergone a similar 
fate. There is in the British Museum Library 
(pressmark C, 38. i. 10) a folio copy ot Raleigh’s 




















AT HEIDELBERG. 267 


‘History of the World,’ 1614, of which the cata- 
logue says: ‘From a series of MS. notes on the 
title-page and following leaf, it appears that this 
volume originally belonged to the Princess Palatine 
Elizabeth, daughter of James I., and was left 
behind her at Prague on her flight from that city, 
November, 1620, when it fell into the hands of a 
Spaniard named Verdugo. At the recapture of 
Prague by the Swedes, 1648, it was recovered by 
a German of the name of Klee, who restored it to 
John Philip Frederick, son of the Princess.’ 

The Heidelberg Bible seems to have been used 
at some time before the period of Riedlin’s owner- 
ship by somebody who was learning English. In 
the early chapters of Genesis the words nostrils, 
aprons, belly, bruise, heele, sorow, shalbe, hearkened, 
coates of skinnes, euer, thoughts, are underlined in 
faded ink; and against the word deguiled there is 
written in the same ink ‘seducere. decipio.’ But, 
as so often happens, the industry of the careful 
marker gave out before he had got very far—no 
farther than chapter VI1—and the few other mark- 
ings in the book seem to indicate another sort of 
reader. The man who underlined in Isaiah liii. 6 
‘layd on him the iniquitie of vs all,’ and the mar- 
ginal note there, ‘Heb. hee hath made the iniquitie 
of vs all to meet on him,’ and in Hebrews ix. 15 
‘for the redemption of the transgressions,’ hardly 
had philological or linguistic ends in view. Those 
two underlinings, and the occasional ink-blots here 
and there, enable the imagination to conjure up 
a picture of Elizabeth’s chaplain preparing his 
sermons with this volume open before him. 











268 AN HISTORIC BIBLE 


There is one other MS. entry, and one only, to 
speculate about. It is the first one of all in the 
book. Inside the cover, in the middle of the top 
edge of the paper, there is written in yet another 
early hand: ‘15 of August.’ There is no date of 
the year, and though a long worm-hole comes 
rather close to the end of the word ‘ August,’ it is 
practically certain that there never was any. One 
is tempted to think that the 15th of August was 
the date on which the book was received by its 
original owner. The earliest possible year would 
then be 1612; the latest 1618, because when the 
day came round again Frederic was on the eve of 
being elected King of Bohemia, and in this book 
he is only the Eleétor Palatine. Mrs. Everett 
Green (op. cit., p. 24) gives an undated extract 
from the account book kept for Elizabeth by her 
governor, Lord Harrington, recording a payment 
for ‘a great Bible’ and other books ‘ by her High- 
ness specially appointed to be provided.’ But ‘a 
great Bible’ would naturally mean a folio, and 
apparently (0p. cit., p. 20, n. 1) the accounts refer 
only to the period from Michaelmas, 1612, to 
Lady Day, 1613. Some authorities give the date 
of Elizabeth’s birth as 15th August, 1596, in which 
case it would be easy to suppose that the Heidel- 
berg Bible was a birthday present, but other 
authorities say it was 16th or 19th August. Mrs. 
Everett Green, with charming impartiality, gives 
16th August at the beginning of her book (p. 2), 
and 19th August elsewhere. Her footnote, how- 
ever, on p. 106, shows pretty clearly that really 
the Eleétor’s birthday was on 16th August (she says 




















AT HEIDELBERG. 269 


19th on p. 97), and Elizabeth’s on 19th August. 
On 15th August, 1615 (or was it in 1616? Mrs. 
Everett Green’s account is not quite clear, p. 106) 
Frederic and Elizabeth returned to Heidelberg 
from their tour in the Upper Palatinate. Did she 
find this Bible, a present from England, awaiting 
her then? 15th August, if not a red-letter day in 
Elizabeth’s family history, was very near to several. 
It was on his birthday, 16th August, 1619, that 
Frederic’s eleétion as King of Bohemia took place. 

If we give up the riddle of ‘15th August’ as 
insoluble, we may still conjecture that the Bible 
was supplied for the use of some member of 
Elizabeth’s suite. If so, for whom more naturally 
than for the chaplain? By her marriage contract 
(signed 16th May, 1612) she was to have forty- 
nine servants, to be kept at her husband’s expense, 
and among them was mentioned a chaplain with a 
salary of {50 (op. cit., p. 61). Asa matter. of fact, 
in the suite that accompanied her to Germany 
there were two chaplains, Dr. Alexander Chapman 
(who got called Scapman by the Germans, and 
died in 1629 a Prebendary of Canterbury, where 
he is buried), and Mr. Twyst (op. cit., p. 416). 
On her arrival at Heidelberg Elizabeth, staunch 
Churchwoman as she was, demanded a chapel of 
her own (#. 89, n. 2). Colonel Schomberg, who 
was Frederic’s factotum, visited England at the 
close of 1613, and on his return succeeded in 
obtaining certain privileges for Elizabeth—e.g., 
‘that her chaplain should reside at the castle gate, 
and have a suitable place prepared near her apart- 
ments, in which to conduct the English service’ 











270 AN HISTORIC BIBLE 


(%. 95). According to Schomberg’s regulations 
for her household (1615) all requests for alms were 
to be laid before the chaplain (#4. 102). On her 
journey out from England she had given away £26 
in charity, the chaplain acting as almoner (#. 74). 
Though constant in attendance at her own chapel, 
she was anxious to communicate at least once a 
year in the ‘great church’ with her husband, to 
show the people that her creed was not essentially 
different from her husband’s (#. 104), and she 
evinced the same desire at Prague (7. 147). 

Dr. Donne, the poet, was at Heidelberg in June, 
1619, as chaplain to Lord Doncaster’s embassy, and 
preached twice before Elizabeth and her husband. 
He, no doubt, brought his own books with him, 
though it is just possible that he may have seen 
or handled the volume now at Heidelberg. He 
preached once from Rom. xiii. 11—but there are 
no blots on that page! and the verse is not marked. 

Perhaps it was the ‘zealous and godly’ Dr. 
Chapman who, on the same page, in Rom. xii. 17, 
has supplied neatly in ink the all-important missing 
word no before man in the sentence which there 
stands printed, ‘Recompence to man euill for euill.’ 
Though less glaring, the error is really as serious 
as the omission of the negative particle in the 
seventh commandment, which cost the printers of 
the so-called ‘Wicked’ Bible (8vo, 1631) confisca- 
tion and a fine of £300. Chapman’s last sermon 
at Heidelberg, 26th September, 1619, just before 
his mistress set out for Prague, was from James iv. 
13 (op. cit,, 132), but again there are no blots or 
scorings to indicate that he used this Bible in 




















AT HEIDELBERG. 271 


preparing his sermon. He accompanied the court 
to Bohemia, but how or when he returned to England 
Mrs. Everett Green was unable to discover. 

Frederic attended Elizabeth’s English service 
right up to the last, 15th Oétober, 1620 (of. cit. 
161), at a time when goods were already being 
packed up or sent on in advance in anticipation of 
their leaving Prague (p. 162). The enemy were 
already in the neighbourhood. Twenty baggage 
waggons of Frederic’s, in one of which were his 
garter insignia, were seized in the battle of the 
White Hill (p. 165). ‘In the haste of the flight, 
many valuable things were left behind, including 
not only a large portion of the wardrobe and per- 
sonal property of Elizabeth, but the royal crown 
and ornaments and all Frederic’s private papers’ 
(p. 166). Nethersole, Elizabeth’s secretary, re- 
turned to Prague at some risk to fetch his books 
and papers (p. 167). And actually on the flight 
Elizabeth’s own attendants are alleged to have 
pillaged some of the baggage waggons. 

But the Heidelberg Bible, it must be supposed, 
fell into the hands of the enemy. The prayers in 
Elizabeth’s handwriting which Mrs. Everett Green 
(pp. 122-3, uncorrected by Mrs. Lomas) says are 
in Heidelberg University Library (Cod. Pal. Germ. 
661, 690, 694) are, unfortunately, apocryphal. 
They are prayers of the ‘Eleétress Elizabeth,’ it 
is true, but of that Elizabeth who was wife of 
the Eleétor Johann Casimir (see J. Wille, ‘Die 
Deutschen Pfalzer Handschriften des xvi. und xvii. 
Jahrhunderts der Universitats-Bibliothek in Heidel- 
berg,’ Heidelberg, 1903). The Bible is, therefore, 











272 AN HISTORIC BIBLE. 


unique at the University Library as a relic of the 
Queen of Hearts, ‘th’ eclipse and glory of her 
kind,’ whose short residence there brought so much 
gaiety into the old capital of the Palatinate, whose 
cheerfulness never deserted her in all her trials, and 
whose memory even now casts a glamour over the 
castle ruins which they would otherwise not 
possess for the English visitor to Heidelberg. 
Lionet R. M. STRACHAN. 























273 


THE COVERDALE BIBLE OF 1535. 










vay) HE question where and by whom the 
N of} Coverdale Bible of 1535 was printed 
Dee) has long remained one of the puzzles 
3, of English bibliography. Mr. A. W. 
> K Pollard, in his ‘Records of the English 
Bible’ (pp. 12 and 13), sums up the existing 
evidence in the following words: 


‘Coverdale graduated as Bachelor of Canon Law at 
Cambridge in 1531, but thereafter until 1536 his move- 
ments are unknown.’ There has consequently been much 
dispute as to where and by what firm his Bible was 
printed in 1535. Early in the eighteenth century, how- 
ever, Humphrey Wanley, the librarian of Robert Harley, 
Earl of Oxford, suggested that the printer was small 
Christopher Froschouer of Zurich, who fifteen years later 
produced another edition of it. Investigation showed 
that two of the larger types of the English Bible of 1535 
were in the possession of Froschouer, but these were 
used also by other German printers, and the matter 
remained undecided until, in his article on Coverdale in 
the “Dictionary of National Biography,” Mr. H. R. 
Tedder, by the kindness of Dr. Christian Ginsburg, was 
enabled to state that he had seen two leaves of a Swiss- 
German Bible printed in the same German type as the 
text of Coverdale’s English version. The complete book, 


‘« If the story that he was subsidized while translating by 
Jacob van Meteren of Antwerp be believed, he was probably part 
of the time at Antwerp.’ 


Il. T 














274. THE COVERDALE BIBLE OF 1535. 


an unrecorded edition of 1529-30 from the press of 
Froschouer, had once been in Dr. Ginsburg’s possession, 
but I learn from Dr. Ginsburg himself that this dis- 
appeared from his library in a very painful manner, and 
only these leaves remain. While it is regrettable that 
the complete evidence can no longer be produced, they 
may be taken as sufficiently establishing that it was at 
Zurich and by Froschouer that the first printed English 
Bible was issued.’ 


Some time ago, when cataloguing the Swedish 
section of the Bible Society’s Library, I had occasion 
to collate carefully the first Swedish Bible, printed 
in folio by Georg Richolff at Upsala in 1540-1. 
The types used for the text and the headlines 
seemed strangely familiar, and it was not long 
before I recognized that they were closely similar 
to, if not identical with, those employed in print- 
ing the English Bible of 1535. So far as I am 
aware, no writer has hitherto drawn attention to 
this fact. Recently, at the British Museum, I 
showed the two books side by side to Mr. Pollard, 
and he and Mr. Scholderer very kindly examined 
them with expert eyes, and gave me the benefit of 
their opinion upon the text-type. Their verdict 
is that the letters and signs (pun¢étuation marks, 
etc.) appear to be the same in the two books, with 
the following trifling exceptions: (1) the E in the 
Swedish Bible is perhaps a little broader than that 
in the English Bible; (2) the interrogation marks 
differ; (3) the Swedish Bible has a large double 
hyphen, while the English Bible has a small single 
hyphen. Before the printing of the Swedish 
Bible, however, the type must have been re-cast 








NR, + NTR tia Bieta OE 











Se LE etme 





THE COVERDALE BIBLE OF 1535. 275 


on a smaller body, twenty lines of text in this 
Bible measuring 88mm. against 92 mm. in the 
English Bible. 

Now, whence did this type, or the materials 
for producing it, come to Upsala? Dr. Aksel 
Andersson, the Chief Librarian of the Royal 
University Library of Upsala, who has generously 
supplied my colleague, Mr. Darlow, and myself 
with valuable notes on Swedish editions down to 
the year 1800, informs me that the printer, 
G. Richolff, was specially summoned from Lubeck 
to supervise the production of the first Swedish 
Bible at Upsala, and it may perhaps be presumed 
that he brought his materials with him. 

The significance of this information in regard to 
the question of the provenance of the English 
Bible of 1535 is obvious. The ascription of that 
important book to the press of Christopher 
Froschouer of Zurich rests mainly on the fact that 
Froschouer had used the same text-type five years 
earlier in printing a Swiss-German Bible. It is 
remarkable, however, that no book issued from 
Froschouer’s press subsequently to 1 530 is known to 
exhibit this particular type. With the new evidence 
before us, therefore, the conjecture may plausibly 
be made that soon after 1530 Froschouer sold the 
punches for this type to a Lubeck printer, and that 
the type was used at Lubeck for printing the English 
Bible of 1535, before being transferred to Upsala. 
It should not be difficult to obtain further informa- 
tion about Richolff, and about the books produced 
by his firm at Lubeck. And if we could discover 
that the type in question was used in any editions 


























276 THE COVERDALE BIBLE OF 1535. 


printed there before, or just after, 1535, we might 
lay our hands on the key to the problem of the 
origin of the Coverdale Bible. 

I have written this rather hasty note in the hope 
that someone better qualified than myself, and 
familiar with the presses of Zurich and Lubeck, 
may be tempted to follow up the clue—if it can 
be called a clue—and may win the gratitude of 
bibliographers by ultimately solving one of the 
most obscure riddles in the history of the English 
Bible. 

H. F. Moute. 








a ee 

















277 


RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 





(a : striking excellenee. Pierre Mille’s 
oy, ‘Caillow et Tili’ is a penetrating study 
. Ay of little children, written with a 
perfect understanding of, and sympathy with, the 
childish mind. With all the care taken of the 
child in these modern days, few realize either how 
children are affeéted by the things they hear said 
by grown-up people, or how absolutely children 
take things for granted. That is really one of the 
most important things that those responsible for 
the bringing up of children need to know, and 
Pierre Mille proves it with great insight, and in 
clear and simple, yet pointed language. 

‘Les Exilés’ is an Alsatian novel, in which the 
author, Paul Acker, seeks to show how Alsace 
still remains French. It is not very interesting as 
a work of fiction, but helps us to realize that the 
feeling of French nationality persists in Alsace even 
after forty years. 

‘La Prison de Verre,’ by Gaston Chérau, is an 
interesting study of bourgeois psychology, and of 
the persecution and tyranny that it is in the 
power of parents-in-law in France to exercise on a 
daughter-in-law even after her husband is dead. 
































278 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


The character of Aristide Chevallier, the father-in- 
law, an egoist and hypocrite of the Pecksniffian 
order, is admirably drawn. 

So far I only know André Gide as the author of 
the very interesting and beautifully written novel, 
‘La Porte Etroite.’ In a book of leétures and 
essays, entitled ‘ Nouveaux Prétextes: reflexions 
sur quelques points de littérature et de morale,’ he 
shows himself a critic of much freshness and 
originality. The most striking are the two 
leétures dealing with ‘lévolution du théatre’ and 
‘limportance du public.’ In the first the three 
faces of the subject, so to speak, are dealt with: 
the point of view of the dramatist, of the actor, 
and of the spectator. Art, Gide declares, is always 
the result of restraint. For example, take the 
sonnets of Shakespeare, Ronsard, Petrarch, Michel 
Angelo, or the Terza Rima of Dante, the fugues of 
Bach. In faét, ‘la force d’expression du souffle 
lyrique soit en raison de sa compression . . . art 
nait de contrainte, vit de lutte, meurt de liberté.’ 

The plays now presented in our theatres are 
poor art; they are too episodic, too close to the 
spectator; the artist must preserve the distance 
between the stage and the spectator if he is to 
create the illusion without which no stage play 
can successfully attain its object. The coming 
dramatist must set aside realism and give us new 
forms of heroism and new heroic figures. Gide 
is quite certain that the artist has duties to the 
public, just as the public has duties to the artist. 
The great exponents of art in the time of the 
Renaissance invariably thought of their public, 








ee 














RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 279 


and would not have understood what was meant 
by art for art. Goethe held a similar view when 
he denounced the nature/ in atting. We call it 
sincerity to-day to act as if there were no one in 
the theatre. I remember seeing a great actress 
who prides herself on her naturalness; the whole 
time she was on the stage she was either crouch- 
ing behind a big sofa, or hiding her face behind a 
big fan. The artist should know whom he is 
addressing. Nowadays he either breaks with his 
epoch and shuts himself up, as it were, within 
himself, or flatters the mob, and so scarcely deserves 
the name of artist. Gide’s argument is interesting 
and is eloquently stated. But it must be confessed 
that both irony and paradox have their part in it. 
Gide is a frank pagan: he declares that the Greeks 
drew the portrait of their ideal in their art, and 
that with them heaven touched earth, gods became 
men, and men became gods. Then when society 
demanded that art should be Christian, the artist 
served up what was asked of him. If Gide is 
right, it would be hypocrisy and not sincerity that 
produces great art. But however that may be, he 
is probably right in thinking that art must respond 
to some need of society, or it will not flourish. 

Six months ago I noticed here a book on 
Meredith by a Frenchman, and now M. F. A. 
Hedgcock devotes five hundred pages to a minute, 
almost a scientific, study of the work of *‘ Thomas 
Hardy. Penseur et artiste.’ The book has ob- 
tained for its author the degree of ‘ Doéteur-es- 
lettres.” He begins with a chapter of biography. 
Then follows a study of the early verses, which 








280 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


are characterised as containing the expression of 
Hardy’s temperament; but I imagine this is not 
peculiar to Hardy. Poets usually express their 
temperament in their verse, especially in the lyrics 
of their youth. In a chapter headed ‘In search of 
a method,’ the conclusion is reached that Hardy’s 
method is a combination of realism and imagina- 
tion. Hardy’s fatalism and pessimism have each a 
chapter. Another deals with his attitude to nature, 
in which his critic declares that Hardy’s imagina- 
tion seeks to pass beyond the veil—that he is a 
believer without faith. 

The chapter on Hardy as a writer is perhaps the 
most satisfactory. Much is said as to his care for 
form, in which he shows a most exacting aesthetic 
sense. His method of composition is dramatic. The 
accessory characters are everywhere subordinated, 
the interest is concentrated on a little group, the 
principal figure of which is generally a woman. 
The style is very individual, and the charm of 
Hardy’s prose is due to his wide knowledge, his 
imagination, and his penetrating artistic perception. 

M. Hedgcock declares in conclusion that as a 
thinker Hardy takes rank among the great modern 
pessimists, like Leopardi, De Vigny, Schopenhauer, 
and Renan. He has given the most beautiful 
expression to be found in English literature to 
‘la philosophie desespérée.’ The last pages con- 
tain a comparison between Hardy and Meredith, 
and Hedgcock considers Hardy the greater artist. 
He sums up thus: 

‘Il est de mode aujourd’hui d’exalter Meredith comme 
philosophe et de rabaisser Hardy au rang des simples 




















RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 281 


conteurs. C’est un Pee hatif et qui manque de 
profondeur. Que la philosophie du premier soit, par sa 
limitation méme, plus pratique et plus utile, nous n’en 
doutons pas. Mais le paralléle que nous venons 
d’instituer montre combien la pensée de M. Hardy 
dépasse celle de son contemporain et avec quel courage 
elle aborde le probléme de l’absolu. Meredith ressemble 
4 Fielding et 4 Thackeray, il s’astreint a la stricte réalité, 
retranchant de sa considération tout ce qui n’est pas 
visible; et dans ses tableaux, qu’éclaire un Bee bon sens, 
il enseigne par l’exemple; son systéme positif simplifie 
les probleémes en en amoindrissant la portée. Derriére 
l’ceuvre de M. Hardy il y a un systéme universale et 
complet, qui la rend solide et homogéne; ce n’est pas 1a 
son moindre titre a étre considéré comme le romancier 
le plus éminent de son époque.’ 


I do not know that much is gained either for 
knowledge or for criticism by comparisons of this 
sort; but sometimes they are suggestive, and when 
they lead to thought are justified. But it is open 
to question whether such an elaborate analysis of 
the work of any novelist, living or dead, whatever 
his greatness, is needed for the right understanding 
and appreciation of him. Drama and fiction, if they 
are to touch our hearts, must make an immediate 
and direct appeal, and can, better than any other 
form of literature, dispense with guides and 
interpreters. 

Mademoiselle Lydie Morel has chosen as the 
subject of a thesis presented to the faculty of letters 
at the University of Neuchatel the life and work 
of Jean Ogier de Gombauld. As poet he is the 
subject of an essay by Faguet, but as prose writer 
and moralist he is almost unknown. Too much 











282 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


admired in his own day, so is he too much for- 
gotten now. But although he was not a great 
author, he could occasionally be charming, often 
witty, and was never negligent. He wrote prose 
which, if generally cold, was elegant, and which 
sometimes vibrated with passion. He was best in 
his sonnets, which were little inferior to those of 
Desportes and Du Bellay. Boileau certainly said 
that only two or three of them were worth any- 
thing, but it must be remembered that it was also 
Boileau who wrote, ‘ Un sonnet sans défaut vaut 
seul un long poeme.’ Mlle. Morel concerns herself 
rather with the man than the writer, and sets 
herself to show how Gombauld reconciled his 
protestantism with his funétions of ‘ poéte- 
courtesan.’ 

Hermann Sudermann has just published a 
volume of short stories, entitled ‘Die indische 
Lilie.’ The tales are either erotic and ugly, or fanciful 
and dull. The elderly libertine who, grown tired 
of his dissolute life, determines to ask the woman 
who has cared for him in silence all along to marry 
him, and finds himself too late in the field, is not 
a new figure in fiction, nor is he treated here with 
any freshness. But Sudermann makes the evil of 
such a life abundantly clear. The tale entitled 
‘Der Lebensplan,’ however, is on a higher level, 
and contains one of those portraits of a wicked, 
unscrupulous woman which Sudermann draws with 
so much skill and truth. A girl and boy meet; 
the boy is ambitious, and desires to study for a 
doctor; the girl is greatly attracted to him, and, 
desiring to help him, devises a plan of life which 























RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 283 


will enable her to do so. A child is the result 
of the boy and girl adventure, but she cleverly 
conceals the condition of things and manages to 
secure another man as her husband, who natur- 
ally passes as the father. Other schemes are 
equally successful, and she is able to send con- 
siderable sums of money to the boy, whom she 
does not see again until a much later period, when 
by foul means she has got rid of all the obstacles, 
her husband included, in the way of her marriage 
with this idol of her youth. When they do meet 
she finds him to be a successful medical practitioner 
of the most ordinary type, fat, honest, common- 
place. He had never realized her feeling for him, 
had accepted the money as a loan, which he now 
pays back; but discovering her wish, and learning 
the existence of the child, he is ready to marry her. 
The woman, however, is too clever not to under- 
stand that no power in heaven or on earth could 
break down the barriers or raze the walls that stand 
between them everlastingly. 

Another volume of short stories, ‘ Schwache 
Helden,’ by Hugo Salus, is delightful reading. 
It contains four tales, the hero of each being the 
victim of some weakness of charaéter. In one he 
suffers from invincible shyness, but the girl he 
loves comes to his aid; in another he is equally 
shy, but the woman who might have helped him 
fails him, and both miss the best in life. In yet 
another overweening vanity is the weakness, and the 
translator who sets out to improve on Byron comes 
to utter grief. In the last tale the hero has a kind 
of cruelty not unknown in weak characters, but 











284 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


through a woman he is led to better courses. All 
are admirable sketches, and cannot fail to please 
the most critical reader. They are full of charm 
and wit, and written in a beautiful lucid style. 

Otto Ernst is better known as playwright and 
novelist than as critic. But in ‘ Bliihender Lorbeer. 
Plaudereien und Andachten iiber deutsche Dichter,’ 
he has produced an original and unconventional 
volume of criticism—although in his preface he 
denies that the book contains criticism at all—that 
is well worthy of attention in these days, when we 
hasten to forget the work of a past generation, 
and unduly laud that of a new. The authors he 
discusses all belong to the past, Lessing, Goethe, 
Schiller, Heine, Hebbel, Reuter, Keller, Anzen- 
gruber, and Fontane, to arrange them in something 
like chronological order. But Ernst, and quite 
rightly, does not trouble to doit. He begins with 
Fontane and ends with Lessing. Ernst’s desire is 
to make his readers love the writings of the men 
he describes. To love a poet is a different thing 
from admiring him. And I believe that no one 
can read Ernst’s pages without the desire to know 
more intimately through their work the poets of 
whom he treats. 

He points out one of the great gifts of Heine— 
often too little noted—the wonderful way in 
which he handled the German language, a fact of 
which Schubert and Schumann were quick to take 
advantage, for they understood that speech is not 
only the expression of soul, but soul itself. He 
shows, too, how Goethe is more than a poet, he 
is a whole world, a man in whom all the great 








Feat tion 











Seek sant ano 





RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 285 


features of human existence came to splendid 
fruition. The lesson Goethe teaches is joy in life, 
with all its beauty and splendour. Yet, as a rule, 
Germans prefer Schiller to Goethe. Ernst thus 
explains the preference: 


‘In Schiller’s verses the storm and the sea mingle their 
organ tones, drums are heard, and bells ring. Every ear 
can easily hear drums and bells. Goethe demands a more 
refined ear. If he is read with that ear, it is soon felt 
how with him the rocks and the trees make music, the 
flowers and the herbs, the clouds and the stars sing, and 
life and human fate sound as a great holy hymn, and to 
the reader, as to the poet, 


‘Sein Ohr vernimmt den Einklang der Natur. 
Das weit Zerstreute sammelt sein Gemat, 


Und sein Gefihl belebt das Unbelebte.’ 


One of the most interesting essays is on Gottfried 
Keller as alyric poet. Keller’s prose is well known, 
and most people who read German are acquainted 
with ‘Der griine Heinrich.’ But his charming 
lyrics are sometimes neglected. Poems like ‘ Die 
Spinnerin’ and ‘ Die Zeit geht nicht’ ought to find 
a place in every anthology of German verse. In 
the latter he expresses the thought that it is not 
time that goes, but it is we who go. 


* Die Zeit geht nicht, sie stehet still, 
Wir ziehen durch sie hin; 
Sie ist ein Karawanserai, 
Wir sind die Pilger d’rin. 





QS 








— 





286 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


‘ Es blitzt ein Tropfen Morgentau 
Im Strahl des Sonnenlichts ; 
Ein Tag kann eine Perle sein 
Und ein Jahrhundert nichts.’ 


Ernst is an idealist: he believes in romance and 
beauty and fancy and the things of the spirit, and 
to read him and learn about the poets whom he 
reverences is most refreshing and inspiriting. 


* * * * * 


The following recently published books deserve 
attention :— 


Silhouettes historiques. Par le Marquis de 
Ségur. 
Sketches of history and of literary history from the time of 


Louis XIII. onwards, including Bourdelot, the physician of the 
Grand Condé, Madame Lieven, and Guizot. 


Correspondance inédite de Marie-Caroline reine 
de Naples et de Sicile avec le Marquis de Gallo, 
publi¢e et annotée par le commandant M. H. Weil 
et le Marquis L. Di Somma Circello. 


There is a preface by M. H. Welschinger. Vol. I. covers the 
years 1785-98, and Vol. II. 1799-1806. The correspondence is 
an historical document of the first order, since it was not destined 
for publication. 


Shakespeare und der deutsche Geist. Von 
Friedrich Gundolf. 


The author deals very fully with the way in which Shakespeare 
has penetrated into German literature up to the Romantics. He 
divides his book into three parts—Shakespeare ‘als Stoff, als Form, 
als Gehalt.’ 


























RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 287 
Max Reinhardt. Von Siegfried Jacobsohn. 


An account of the talented and accomplished direétor of the 
Deutsche Theatre in Berlin. It is of interest that in eight years 
he has produced a number of Shakespeare’s plays in a fashion, 
both as regards acting and artistic setting, worthy of the great 
dramatist. The plays are ‘The Merry Wives of Windsor,’ 
‘The Merchant of Venice,’ ‘The Winter’s Tale,’ ‘Romeo and 
Juliet,’ ‘ Twelfth Night,’ ‘ Lear,’ ‘ Hamlet,’ ‘Midsummer Night's 
Dream,’ and the ‘ Taming of the Shrew.’ 


Adolf Fischhof. Das Lebensbild eines dster- 
reichischen Politikers. Von Richard Charmatz. 


An Austrian statesman, well known but little understood. 


Grillparzers Werke. Herausgegeben von 
August Sauer. 


The first volume of a new, good critical edition, much 
needed by the lover and student of German drama. Grillparzer 
is a classic, and perhaps the greatest German dramatist after 
Schiller and Goethe. This volume promises well, and seems to 
possess all the characteristics required by such an edition, 


Une carriére d’artiste au XIX°* siecle. Charles 
Landelle 1821-1908. Par Casimir Stryienski. 


Landelle drew in chalk many French poets of the nineteenth 
century. He visited England in 1849, in company with Gautier 
and de Nerval. Reproductions of his chalk drawings of Gautier, 
de Musset, and de Nerval appear in this volume. 


Ordres et Apostilles de Napoléon (1799-1815). 
Vol. I. Par Arthur Chuquet. 


These notes were found while searching the ‘ Archives de la 
guerre,’ and serve as a sort of supplement to Napoleon’s corres- 
pondence, They show how a word, a brief sentence, sufficed 
both the Consul and the Emperor to express his will, settle a 
question, remove a difficulty, pronounce a verdict, sum up a man’s 
character. 











288 RECENT FOREIGN LITERATURE. 


Les femmes de Témigration. Par Joseph 
Turquan. 


A very interesting account of the women emigrées from the 
beginning, when they only expected to be away a few weeks, and 
it was the fashion to ask, ‘Quand partez-vous? Oud comptez- 
vous aller?’ and so through all their adventures in the different 
lands in which they settled. 


Uber Goethes Gedichte. Von Viktor Hehn. 
Aus dessen Nachlass herausgegeben von Eduard 
von der Hellen. 

Leétures given in 1851, and now published for the first time. 
Preceded by a valuable essay on German poetry after Schiller and 
Goethe. The lyrics of Goethe are classified according to subjects, 
and each poem interpreted and criticised, and the whole forms a 
useful and inspiring guide for those beginning to study Goethe. 


ELIzABETH LEE. 














ib ie 

















289 


THE SO-CALLED GUTENBERG 
DOCUMENTS.’ 


KS} T is difficult to follow the arguments 
% of the German bibliographers. They 
s write in the belief that Gutenberg is 
| the inventor of printing; that all the 

; Sa books and types mentioned above are 
his work, and that no other opinion is possible. 
Hence they refer us for evidence of his activity, 
genius, skill, etc., often on one and the same page 
or in one and the same sentence, to various letters 
or signs of contractions or printers’ habits, occur- 
ring in different books printed in different types, 
so that they mingle the characteristics of the Paris 
‘Donatus’ with those of the ‘ Turk-kalendar’; those 
of B36 with those of B42; those of B42 with those 
of the ‘ Astronomical and Turk-kalendar,’ the ‘ Cisi- 
anus,’ etc.; the types of the two Indulgences of 
1454 are compared with those of the Psalter of 
1457 (‘ Verdffentl.’ i, 8, 9, 40, 44, 45; iii, 8). And 
all this to prove that, though there may be differ- 
ences between the types in size and form, some of 
their peculiarities show that they are all the work 
of one master. Yet, after having read pages of 
such intricate ‘evidence’ for attributing books to 
Gutenberg, you may find doubts expressed as to 
whether he could, after all, have printed them 





' Continued from page 211. 
II. U 




















290 THE SO-CALLED 


(ibid. iii, 18). In none of the discussions, in which 
even the early Dutch incunabula are mixed up 
(ibid. i, 16), is there any systematic arrangement 
or classification of the types or ‘ phases’ of types. 
It is true, Dziatzko (‘Gutenberg’s Drucker- 
praxis,’ pp. 51-53, 60, 61, 64-66, 68) gives valu- 
able tables of letters, contraétions, etc., extracted 
from B3¢ and B4?, for the purpose of showing the 
great ‘likeness’ between them. And Zedler has 
done the same (‘ Verdffentl.’ i.) for the types of the 
(1) Paris ‘Donatus’; (2) ‘Astronomical Kalendar’ ; 
(3) ‘ Turk-kalendar’; (4) ‘Cisianus’; (5) ‘Laxier- 
kalendar’; (6) British Museum ‘Donatus’ of 27 
lines; (7) B36 But his tables are incomplete, 
omitting, for instance, the combined letters, though 
he speaks of them at some length (sid. i, 17). 
And on p. 15 of his treatise on the ‘Weltgericht’ 
(ibid. iii.) he says that the ‘ Astronomical Kalendar’ 
for 1448 has only the ? with a slanting stroke 
above' it (see also sid. i, 7, 8, and Schwenke, bid. 
ii, 9), though his photograph (hid. i.) shows that 
it has also an i with a bow in li. 2 (ist), another in 
li. § (sm), and other places. 

One thing is clear, the ‘method’ adopted by 
the chief German bibliographers of the present 
day in examining, describing and grouping the 
earliest German incunabula, has buried the subject 
under a mass of learned dissertations, without 
enabiing us to realize who printed them. Guten- 
berg is credited with ‘fine aesthetic feelings,’ various 
‘conceptions of art, symmetry, harmony, etc.’; but 
it is difficult to see how he could have executed 
the large amount of work attributed to him if we 





























GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 291 


believe the documents that speak of him and his 
doings (see above Documents No. xiii, and below 
Nos. xxii, xxiii, xxiv, etc.), from, say, 1442 to his 
death in 1468, all proving that during these years 
he was in serious financial difficulties. 

As regards Gutenberg’s genius and qualities, 
none of the three authors specially named above 
seems to have taken into account, during their 
minute researches, that the art of printing is the 
development and continuation of the art of writing 
(perhaps more immediately of that of Blockprint- 
ing), and that its inventor, whoever he was, 
invented the moveable metal types, but not the 
shape and form of his letters, which he modelled, 
necessarily and as a matter of course, on the hand- 
writings in vogue in his time and locality. 

Occasionally they speak of manuscripts having 
been the models for Gutenberg’s types (‘ Veréffentl.,’ 
i., 20, 21), but at the same moment they represent 
him as having created independent! forms of type 
for B42 and his other books, and assert that the 
types of B3® are nothing but a rough imitation of 
those of B4, though their founder, if he was not 
Gutenberg, took pains to follow as much as pos- 
sible Gutenberg’s principles (Schwenke, ‘ Festschr.’ 
p. 81; id. ‘ Verdffentl.’ ii, 27, 30). 


* Zedler says (‘Gutenberg-Forsch.’ p. 117): ‘ The influence of 
the Schoeffer (!) type of the 31-line Indulgence on the Catholicon- 
type is unmistakable, only the latter, regarded as a whole, is an 
entirely independent (!) creation, etc.’ (see my remarks on the 
Catholicon-type, in my ‘ Haarlem not Mentz,’ p. 21). Again (in 
‘ Verdffentl.” iii, 19), ‘It certainly took Gutenberg many years of 
troublesome labour (!) to perfect not only the casting of types, but 
also a proper system of letters,’ 











i 

| 
i | 
Ht! | 
i 
| 
ir) | 
1} 
i 
i 
| 
1 
{| 
d| 
1 
| 
| 
i 
HT | 














292 THE SO-CALLED 


The ‘method’ of minutely examining and 
describing types, their varieties and different forms, 
watermarks, quires, printers’ habits, etc., which 
Dr. Schwenke thinks was initiated and perfected by 
Dziatzko, may bear some fruit. We have seen 
above (page 209) how Schwenke’s own study of 
early types enabled him to realize that the ‘ Missale 
speciale’ could not have been printed in the 
earliest period of Mainz printing, as it lacks the 
combinations of letters, and chief and secondary 
forms of letters, which are characteristic of that 
early time, but disappear gradually when the type- 
founders became a little more independent of 
manuscripts, and dispensed with combinations of 
letters which caused them more trouble than 
ordinary insulated forms. 

But the ‘method’ is bound to cause, and is 
already causing, great confusion in bibliography, by 
ascribing two or more incunabula to one and the 
same printer, simply because there is some ‘resem- 
blance’ between their types, marks of punctuation, 
paper, watermarks, the arrangement of quires, etc., 
as Dziatzko did with regard to B42 and B3®, while 
he also attributed the two Letters of Indulgence 
of 1454-5 to Gutenberg, merely because their 
small text types resemb/e each other. He even 
regarded an x which he had noticed in a Costerian 
‘Doétrinale, as an ‘imitation’ of the ‘ Guten- 
berg’ x found in B+? and B36 (or of the x in the 
1457 Psalter, he says), for no other reason than 
that he saw a resemblance between them. 

Schwenke, Zedler, etc., also take a resemblance 
between types, etc., as their guide, and if they see 








ee hae, Me 








GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 293 


a ‘likeness’ between some of the letters, no differ- 
ences in the shape and size of the others seem to 
prevent them from ascribing two or more founts 
to Gutenberg. These proceedings are disapproved 
of even in Germany ; see ‘ Literar. Centralbl.’ 1902, 
col. 1405. It is true that something similar is 
done with respeét to the Costerian types, some of 
which are only linked to the others by a ‘family- 
likeness.’ But this family-likeness is not the mere 
‘resemblance’ on the strength of which a number 
of otherwise dissimilar types are attributed to 
Gutenberg. The Costerian types stand apart from 
all others, and yet are linked among themselves, 
not only by a general striking likeness between 
them, but also by a characteristic ¢ with a perpen- 
dicular stroke attached on the right-hand side to 
its cross-stroke; further, by a minute stroke con- 
necting the signs of contra¢tion with the letters 
over which they stand (see below, p. 298), and by 
an equally characteristic 7, with a small stroke or 
curl, which are all imitations from indigenous 
handwritings. The so-called Gutenberg-type (that 
of B36, a large Gothic or Church- or Missal-type), 
with its so-called ‘ phases,’ cannot be called peculiar 
when it is used for Divine Service books, but its 
large size appears strange when used for a school- 
book (Donatus) or a Kalendar. In 1461, however, 
and later, this large type is employed by Albr. 
Pfister, at Bamberg, for a somewhat similar pur- 
pose—that is, a set of popular books. Hence, 
according to Dziatzko’s ‘Method,’ the Paris 
Donatus, Weltgericht, Astronomical Kalendar, etc., 
should be attributed to Pfister, who printed other 
































294 THE SO-CALLED 


books in a similar, if not the identical type, rather 
than to any other printer. But Schwenke and 
Zedler, by ascribing an earlier date to the Donatus, 
etc., separate them from the Pfister books, and ask 
us (1) to ascribe to Gutenberg three books, said to 
have been printed between 1443 and 1447, two in 
the earliest, the third in the second ‘phase’ of his 
type; (2) to believe that he printed all the others 
mentioned in the above list ; and (3) that, in manu- 
facturing his ‘third’ phase of this type (for B39), 
which is described as a reproduction of the forms 
of the ‘first’ and ‘second’ phases, he ‘roughly 
imitated’ the type of B42, which materially differs 
from that of B36, 

If I do not misunderstand them, this is what the 
arguments of Schwenke and Zedler, based on the 
‘Dziatzko-Method,’ come to, though the latter 
suggests some other theory as well (see above, 
p. 210). By thus basing themselves on a ‘like- 
ness’ between types, they ascribe to Gutenberg 
a number of types and books (even one which 
bears the name of Peter Schoeffer in the colophon), 
because in these books they recognise, they say 
(‘ Veréffentl.’ i, 49; ‘Gutenberg-Forsch.’ 76), the 
‘Gutenbergian’ type, which means, from their 
point of view and according to their ‘method,’ not 
that there is any evidence that Gutenberg ever 
cast or used this type, but that they see in them 
some features (‘simplicity’ and the ‘total absence 
of superfluous strokes’) which they say are peculiar 
to Gutenberg. 

Gutenberg is praised for his ingenuity and skill in 
cutting and casting the types of B4?, but the scribe 























GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 295 


whose manuscript was the model for the peculiari- 
ties and contrivances for effecting that symmetry 
and harmony which are admired in the types is 
hardly alluded to. Without disparaging the merits 
of the cutters and founders of the B3® and B# 
types or any other types, much greater praise is 
due to the scribes who produced the models for 
them long before the art of cutting and casting 
types was known, and who formed every letter 
they produced by hand. 

Our three authors appear to have overlooked 
the late Will. Blades’s ‘ Life and Typography of 
William Caxton,’ published in two volumes in 
1861, in which he discusses and exhibits, on the 
plates xi, xili, Xvi, Xvili, xxi, xxiii, all the chief 
and secondary forms of the letters, and combinations 
of letters, ever cast and used by Caxton. 


On page 31 of Vol. I. Blades explains that 


‘the first printer, when forming his alphabet, was never 
troubled as to the shape he should give his letters. The 
form which would naturally present itself to him would 
be that to which he and the people to whom he hoped to 
sell his productions had been accustomed. The types 
used in the first printed books closely resemble the written 
characters of the period, and this imitation was extended 
to all those combinations of letters which were then 
in use by the scribes. Thus the Psalters and Bibles 
which appeared in Germany, among the first productions 
of the press, were printed in the characters used by the 
scribes br ecclesiastical service books, while more general 
literature was printed in the common bastard-Roman. 
. . . Caxton’s types bear the closest resemblance to the 
handwriting in the Mercers’ books, and to the volumes of 
that era in the Archives of Guildhall.’ 








296 THE SO-CALLED 


Blades repeated this in his ‘ Biography and Typo- 
graphy of W. Caxton,’ published in 1877, and 
again in the second edition of this work published 
in 1882. 

It is true, the printer of B+? worked some fifteen 
years earlier than Caxton, but he was not, on that 
account, more original than the latter, because 
Caxton and his contemporaries still followed 
that universal custom of the earlier printers (no 
matter whether we ascribe the origin of the 
moveable type to Haarlem or to Mainz) of 
Holland, Germany, Italy, France, etc., of imitating, 
when casting their types, as closely as possible, the 
handwriting indigenous to the region (province or 
town) where they settled. This imitation they 
extended, as Blades says, not merely to the size 
and forms of the letters (small or capitals), but to 
every other feature or characteristic of the letters, 
the ligatures, signs of contraétions, etc., which they 
found in the manuscripts. 

In the same way the Blockbooks and their 
pictures were nothing but imitations of contem- 
porary manuscripts or those which had preceded 
them. 

This imitation was likewise a matter of course 
and necessity for the Dutch inventor of printing 
with moveable metal types; it remained a matter 
of course and necessity for all the printers who 
came after him, at Mainz, Bamberg, Strassburg or 
any other place, and it may no less be observed in 
the gradual development and changes of the hand- 
writings anterior to printing, from the earliest 
period and from one generation to another, however 











GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 297 


much the writings of one century or one locality 
may seem to differ from those of another. 

After the appearance of Mr. Blades’s book, my 
own researches led me to realize these facts inde- 
pendently, and I called attention to them in ‘ The 
Academy’ of 11th Oétober, 1884, in the 1888 
edition of the ‘ Encyclopedia Britannica’ (article 
‘Typography ’), and more at length in my ‘ Haarlem 
not Mentz,’ 1887, pp. 18-23. 

Schwenke, therefore, when he said (see above, 
p. 208 sg.) that earlier authors on printing had hardly 
noticed any of ‘Gutenberg’s contrivances,’ and that 
Dziatzko was the first to point out the differences 
between the chief and secondary forms of the 
letters, must have forgotten or overlooked what 
Blades and I had said as to MSS. having been the 
models for the earliest types. It is true, neither 
Blades nor I pursued the subject beyond general 
observations as to the printers having derived the 
forms of their types from the MSS. Consequently, 
I would not describe as superfluous a treatise on 
the ‘contrivances’ of the early printers, and the 
‘chief and secondary forms’ of the earliest types. 
On the contrary, it might, as has been remarked 
above, be useful and necessary, provided such an 
enquiry is conducted with the full knowledge that 
the types are nothing but imitations from manu- 
scripts, and that, therefore, the handwritings are 
the proper and ultimate bases for research and 
study of this interesting subject. 

This imitation of handwritings by the earliest 
typefounders is clearly shown by what Zedler calls 
(‘ Veréffentl.’ I., 34) a ‘characteristic peculiarity’ of 











298 THE SO-CALLED 


the types of the earlier Dutch Incunabula—namely, 
a small, thin, perpendicular stroke,’ which conneéts 
the horizontal strokes or signs of contraction with 
the letters or types above which it appears. Several 
instances of it may be seen in his photograph of the 
Hague 31-line Donatus (‘ Verdffentl.’ I., pl. iv.) ; 
exx. gr. 2 page, li. 2 tamq; li. 3 qlitatis, li. 6 
meci, respodédi, etc. Zedler says that this con- 
necting stroke 


is not everywhere distinétly visible, though originally, no 
doubt, it was, as there are examples of each letter which 
has a stroke of contraction. The original of the Donatus, 
though it has suffered much, shows this better than even 
the facsimile. This peculiarity occurs in all the early 
Donatuses and other Incunabula figured in Holtrop’s 
‘Monuments,”* and is a characteristic of the early typo- 
graphically printed Dutch Incunabula, because nothing is 
seen of such a connecting stroke in the xylographically 
printed books. Whenever it is not visible in the 
Donatus-fragment, it is, no doubt, owing to the type, after 


' To be precise, this connecting link or stroke is not always 
perpendicular, but often slanting, and comes down either from the 
right side of the mark of contraction (which is sometimes a hori- 
zontal, sometimes a wavy stroke, and often has the form of a 
semi-circle) on to the right side of the type, or from the left side 
of the horizontal stroke, on to the left side of the type. On the 
o and a it generally rests on the central point of these letters. In 
certain cases this link is nothing more than a small point. 

? See his roth (a xylographic Donatus) to 33rd plate, which all 
happen to be facsimiles of Costeriana, in the well-known Costerian 
types. On pl. 33° only one or two instances occur. But we 
have it again on pl. 34 and 35 (Jacob Bellaert, Haarlem, 1483-4), 
though perhaps not on pl. 36 (Joh. Andreas, Haarlem, 1486). It 
does not occur in the Utrecht Incunabula figured on pl. 37, 38, 
39, but Ger. Leempt’s (Utrecht) type has it. It is also found on 
pl. 54, 56, 59 (Louvain), 60, 61 (Bruges), 82 (Delft), 90, 100 
(Antwerp); see further plates 106, 110, 111, 113, 122. 











GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 299 


casting, having been trimmed, whereby the connecting 
stroke, required by the nature of the stamp (patrix), was 
deliberately removed, as militating against the written 
form of the letter. This trimming was necessary, for 
instance, in the case of i, which otherwise would have 
been indistiné. But even the i shows traces of this link, 
as in Awic (li. 29), /egenti (li. 31). When we examine the 
contemporary Dutch manuscripts, we find nothing (!) 
analogous to this peculiarity of the printing-type. It 
would, indeed, be strange if this connecting stroke . . . 
was based on manuscript custom; it was rather required 
by the mode of manufaéturing the type. The stamp 
used for the making of the matrix cannot have been a 
staff, on the lower part of which the letter was cut in an 
inverted order ; it must have consisted of a mere letter 
without a bottom. Therefore, the material of which it 
was made was not wood, but metal, that is brass, &c., &c. 


If Zedler, before he wrote this, had examined 
Dutch Blockbooks and Dutch Manuscripts, he 
would have seen that the peculiarity of which he 
speaks, far from being absent, is a special feature 
in them, in the same way as it is in the earliest 
Dutch Incunabula. It may be seen in nearly every 
line of the Xylographic pages of the ‘Speculum 
humanae Salvationis,’ perhaps not everywhere so 
clearly as in the three or four typographic editions 
(Latin and Dutch) of this work, but still plainly 
enough to show that the woodcutter did his best 
to copy his manuscript model. It may also be 
seen in the Dutch Xylographic ‘ Canticum Canti- 
corum’ (see two instances on Plate 10 of Berjeau’s 
edition), and in the Dutch edition of the ‘ Ars 
Moriendi’; see Cust’s edition, Pl. I*, or p. 40, 47, 
last line (naqua), 49, second line, and traces of the 








300 THE SO-CALLED 


system on p. 57, li. 18, 20 (quam, quantum), and 
p- 59. It occurs likewise, not in any haphazard 
way, but as a regular system, in the Dutch Manu- 
scripts. In July, 1908, I saw in the showcases of the 
Museum Meerman-Westreenianum at the Hague, 
five MSS. all having this peculiarity—namely, AA 
123 (Latin Breviary, in the Netherlands, c. 1450) ; 
AA 187 (Nederl. Getijdenboek, in the Netherlands, 
1489); AA 193 (Nederl. Psalter, in the Nether- 
lands, c. 1450); AA 69 (Dietsche Doctrinaal, in 
the Netherlands, 1374). I saw it likewise in a 
richly illustrated ‘Biblia Pauperum’ of the four- 
teenth century preserved in the same museum. 

It is, therefore, not surprising that it was 
imitated by the printer of the ‘ Costeriana.’ Zedler 
discusses this point when dealing with some theories 
as to the more or less defective mode of manufac- 
turing types supposed to have been adopted, as a 
necessity, by the Inventor of Printing at one 
or by Gutenberg at Mainz (see ‘ Veréffentl.’ 
5qq.). One of these theories, advanced by Dziatsko 
in his treatise on B36 and B42, would have it 
(Zedler, in ‘ Ver6ffentl.’ 1., 30, 47) that the signs of 
abbreviation, so numerous in early prints (in 
imitation of the MSS. and Blockbooks), were not 
cast on the same staff as the letter above which they 
appear, but separately, and were subsequently fixed, 
by some mechanism, over the letter. Schwenke 
(‘Veréff.’ ii., 5) opposes this theory, though he 
seems to accept it with regard to the letter p, with 
sign of contraction for ‘ pro,’ in B36, which Zedler 
(‘ Verdff.’ i., 46) thinks consisted of two types. It 
seems unnecessary to discuss this theory here; it 











GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 301 


militates against all that we see in the early 
German prints. Anyhow, as regards the Dutch 
incunabula, it is disposed of by the characteristic 
peculiarity described above. Another theory 
regarding the casting of the earliest type, which 
Zedler discusses at great length, was published a 
few years ago by the well-known type-founder 
Dr. Ch. Enschedé, of Haarlem. He called it the 
‘ Abklatsch-Method,’ and thought that Gutenberg 
was led to the invention of this method by seeing 
one of the earlier Dutch ‘ Donatuses.’ By this 
method, according to Enschede, after the patrices 
and matrices had been manufactured, the types 
were cast in two operations ; first, the letter itself on 
a small plate, and then a small staff or shank added 
to it by means of a casting-form. I have dealt 
with this theory in my article ‘Typography ° in 
the ‘ Encycl. Britannica.’ Suffice it to repeat here 
that the above peculiarity, which is so conspicuous 
in the early Dutch types (and also in the Dutch 
Blockbooks), is a faithful imitation of the same 
peculiarity in the Dutch handwritings, and for this 
reason cannot be attributed to any imperfect mech- 
anism of the early Dutch typefounders. 

To return to the B3® and B4? types, there is 
nothing in them to lead us to think, or to assume, 
that the former was an imitation of the B+ type, 
or vice versd. Both are clearly independent imita- 
tions of two different but unmistakably ‘Gothic’ 
manuscripts. This script, which may also be called 
the ornamental Gothic or Church-hband, has been 
employed for ages for Bibles, Missals, and other 
ecclesiastical books, and is fully developed in the B42 











302 THE SO-CALLED 


and B36 types. It begins to make its appearance 
in the tenth century, if not earlier, and runs its 
course till long after the invention of printing.’ Its 
beginning, development, and perfection may be 
clearly traced by the facsimiles in the 3rd Volume 
of ‘The (London) Palaeographical Society,’ plates 
32 (Charter of 966), 35 (Benedictional, c. 963-984), 
54 (Bible, twelfth century), 60 (Bible, thirteenth 
century), 65 (Psalter, a.p. 1284, with fine strokes 
as in the Cambridge MSS. mentioned above), 67 
(Somme le Roi, c. 1300), 72 (Psalter, early four- 
teenth century), 75 (Psalter, c. 1339), 78 (French 
Coronation Service, 1365), 86 (Horace, 1391), 
95 (Burgundian Breviary, c. 1419), 100 (Psalter, 
1442), 106 (Breviary, c. 1500). Also by facsimiles 
in the 2nd Volume of the same Society’s Second 
Series, as 18 (1158), 20 (twelfth century), 23 
(1218), 25-27 (1269, etc.), 29 (1322), 32 (1330), 
42-44 (early fifteenth century), 48 (7d.), 54 (1446), 


' In the Cambridge University Library (pressmark Dd. 7. 1, 2) 
are two large folio volumes, the writing of which (ascribed in the 
Catalogue to the somewhat late date 1490) resembles the type of 
B# so much, that at first sight one might mistake them for copies 
of this Bible. It has all the (primary and secondary) forms of 
letters, all the combinations of letters, and all the contraétions 
above and through certain letters, which Dziatzko (/. ¢.) and 
Schwenke (‘Festschrift’) have selected from B% and B#, and 
figured in their texts and on separate plates. The capitals in 
these MSS. differ only slightly from those of B*, less than the 
latter differ from those of B3°, The small letters of the MSS. 
resemble in every respect those of B#, except that many letters of 
the former end in or begin with a fine stroke, which also does 
duty to mark the i. Generally speaking, the writing of these 
MSS. resembles the type of B+? much more than the B3° type 
resembles that of B#*, But would anyone ascribe these MSS, to 
‘Gutenberg’ or to his ‘school’? 











GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 303 


63; Franz Steffens, III. 83 (fourteenth century), 
87 (1404), 88 (1410), etc., all showing that the 
printers of B3® and B42, in engraving and casting 
their types, exercised no ‘inventive’ or ‘creating’ 
genius, but merely imitated the writing of one or 
other of the manuscript Bibles or Missals, which 
were ready at their hands, in the same way as the 
block printers before them imitated handwritings 
in cutting their blocks for their texts and pictures. 
The MSS. referred to above, all written between 
circa 963 and 1500—that is, for the most part 

before Gutenberg’s appearance as an artisan or a 
would- be printer—show the same‘ contrivances’ and 
the same ‘chief and secondary forms’ as the books 
ascribed to him. It is, therefore, not surprising 
that there is a ‘resemblance’ between the types of 
B+? and B3®, just as there is between the various 
scripts mentioned above. The capitals of the two 
types, however, differ materially from each other 
in form and size, and so do the small (lower-case) 
letters, the signs of interpuncétion, etc,, though, per- 
haps, to a less extent. But we could hardly assume 
that for the latter the founder of the B36 types 
took B+? as his model, when it is evident that for 
his capita/s he must have had another (that is, a 
MS.) model. 

On this ground alone we may safely treat B+ 
and B36 as two separate works of two different 
printers. 

Nor can the arrangement of the two Bibles in 
quires of the same number of (ten) sheets, nor 
their division into Volumes at the same place, nor 
the identity of paper and watermarks in both, be 





304 THE SO-CALLED 


taken as evidence that they were printed by one 
and the same printer, as the manuscript models of 
that period were similarly arranged. Nor is there 
any reason to suppose that the same kind of paper 
which was bought (at Mainz?) by the printer 
of B+, was not purchasable at another place by 
another printer. 

But even if all these resemblances and coincid- 
ences could be considered as evidence regarding 
the printer or printers of the two Bibles, on biblio- 
graphical grounds (already mentioned on p. 166 of 
my ‘ Gutenberg’) we must attribute B42 to Peter 
Schoeffer. 

He used the B¢4? type probably before 1457 
(not long after B4? had been issued), in printing a 
‘Donatus’ of 35 lines, which bears his name in 
the colophon: ‘per Petrum de gernssheym, in 
urbe Moguntina cum suis capitalibus’' (see IT.°, 7, 
of the above list, and my ‘Gutenberg,’ p. 171). 
The employment of these capita/s in the Psalters 
of 1457 and 1459, in the colophons of which Fust 
and Schoeffer print their names, links them on to 
the ‘Donatus.’ Some authors contend that, as 
Schoeffer does not mention Fust in the colophon 


' These last three words cannot mean ‘ with /ts capitals’ (that is, 
of the Donatus), as some authors interpret them, but ‘with Ais 
capitals,’ that is, ‘of (the printer) Peter de Gernssheym.’ Schoeffer, 
in his colophons, repeatedly uses the somewhat analogous ex- 
pression: ‘suis consignando scutis,’ in the Iustinianus of 26th 
Jan., 1475, 23rd May, 1476, 21st Aug., 1477; the Bernardus of 
14th April, 1475; the Clemens of roth Sept., 1476; the Hor- 
borch of 4th Jan., 1477; the Paulus of 7th Jan., 1478; the 
Breslau Missal of 24th July, 1483. Here suis could not possibly be 
translated by its, or mean that the shields were the book’s shields. 














GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 305 


of the ‘ Donatus,’ he must have printed it after 
Fust’s death in 1466. But the sequence of 
Schoeffer’s work, in connection with Az capitals, 
is this: 


1457-1466 he prints in partnership with Joh. Fust ; 
1467 he prints alone ; 

1457 and 1459 (August) he issues the Psalter with 
the capitals printed in colours ; 

1459 (Oct.) the Durandus, with the capitals printed 
(but in some copies only) in colours ; 

1460 the Clementinae without printed capitals ; 

1460-1489 no printed capitals in books ; 

1490 and 1502 the Psalter is reprinted, with the printed 
capitals (as an antiquarian reprint). No books are known 
after this date with printed capitals. 


Seeing, therefore, that Gernsheym’s capita/s occur 
only in the first two dated books and some copies 
of the third, and in none of the subsequent books, 
except the merely antiquarian reprints of the 
Psalter in 1490 and 1502, it is more consonant to 
method to place the ‘ Donatus’ before 1457, that 
is in 1456, together with B42 printed in the same 
type and probably issued the same year. For other 
Donatuses (of 26, 32 and 33 lines) printed in the 
same type, perhaps before that of 35 lines, see the 
above list and my ‘ Gutenberg,’ p. 168 sqq. 

For bibliographical reasons also, we must ascribe 
the 30-line Indulgence of 1454-5 to Peter Schoeffer. 
Its two headlines to the two forms of absolution 
(Forma plenissime absolutionis, etc.), and three or four 
other words (Paulinus ; Misereatur, etc.) are printed, 
for the sake of distinétion, in a (Church or Missal) 


II. x 





| 
; 
; 
i 
Hi 





406 THE SO-CALLED 


larger type than the bastard Roman type employed 
for its text. It is doubtful whether this large type 
is identical with that used for B42. It is known that 
the P of the Indulgence (in the word Paulinus) 
differs from the P in B4?. I also fail to find the 
capital F of the Indulgence in any of Schwenke’s 
facsimiles of B42 (in ‘ Festschrift’), or in his tables 
at pp. 32, 33. Even the F, which he gives 
(among the capitals in li. 3) as a later form in B42, 
differs from the Indulgence F, though its straight 
left top much resembles it. 

Moreover, the semi-bows and slanting strokes 
above the 7’s in the Indulgence’ differ from those 
in (the first impressions of) B42, but less in the 
latter’s final type, though it is hard to see how this 
final type could differ in form from its former two 
states (B+° and B+!), if we accept the filing-down 
theory. This Church-type would seem to have 
been specially cast for the 30-line Indulence, just as 
the Church-type of the 31-line Indulgence seems to 
have been specially manufactured for this one 
document, as certain of its letters appear also to 
differ from the B3° types. 

And as neither of the small or brief-types used 
for the texts of these two Indulgences have been 
traced in any other work, it seems not unreasonable 


* Long after this had been written, I noticed that Schwenke 
(‘Festschrift,’ p. 58) had already observed these differences, But 
when he says that he would ascribe the Indulgence type to the 
founder of that of B* on account of the similarity between the 
two, I cannot agree with him. A similarity between types is no 
evidence; I ascribe the two types to Schoeffer on bibliographical 
grounds, 














GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 307 


to suppose that the four kinds of types employed 
for these two broadsides were exclusively cut and 
cast for them, and, for some reason or another, 
discarded afterwards. Anyhow, on bibliographical 
grounds, it is certain that Peter Schoeffer printed 
the 30-line Indulgence, as the initial M of its first 
absolution is identical with the initial M of the 
second absolution in a 33-line Indulgence unques- 
tionably printed by him and issued in 1489, at the 
order of Pope Innocent VIII., by ‘Raymundus 
Peyraudi archidiaconus Alnisiensis in ecclesia 
Xanton pro tuicione orthodoxe fidei contra 
Turchos’ (copies of which are in the British 
Museum, and the Culemann colleétion at Hanover; 
see my ‘Gutenberg,’ p. 166). Therefore, whether 
we regard the Church-type used in the 30-line 
Indulgence as identical with that of B4? or not, the 
printing of the document must be ascribed to 
Peter Schoeffer. 

And hence, if bibliographical rules and docu- 
mentary evidence carry any weight, B+? and the 
books printed in the same type, together with the 
30-line Indulgence and its two types (all mentioned 
in List B), must be attributed to Peter Schoeffer, 
and not to Gutenberg or any other printer. 

As regards the types and books in the above 
List A, our course is not so clear as with the books 
in List B; firstly, it is not easy to examine the 
types of the ‘ Weltgericht,’ and the Paris ‘ Donatus,’ 
as the photographs of them, published by the 
Gutenberg-Gesellschaft, are none too clear, pro- 
bably because the condition of the documents is 
unfavourable to photographic action. Secondly, 




















308 THE SO-CALLED 


that of the ‘Donatus’ is reduced in size, so that we 
can neither measure nor minutely examine its types. 
Thirdly, the text of the ‘Donatus’ is in Latin, that 
of the ‘ Weltgericht’ (of which no more than 22 
lines are preserved) in German, which latter 
language requires some letters, combination ot 
letters, contractions, etc., which are never or rarely 
employed in a Latin book, and vice versa. How- 
ever, the similarity between the forms and size of 
their types may easily lead bibliographers to con- 
sider them identical. Zedler draws attention (‘ Ver- 
Offentl.’ iii., p. 10 59g.) to two 7’s and two é’s, which 
slightly differ in form, but all occur, he says, in 
the ‘Weltgericht” as well as in the ‘ Donatus,’ 
wherefore he thinks that the two works are printed 
in one and the same type. He likewise minutely 
describes (iéid., p. 13 599.,i., 16) seven different 7’s, 
all observed by him in the ‘ Weltgericht,’ the 
‘Donatus,’ the Astronomical Kalendar, the Turk- 
kalendar, the Laxier-kalendar, etc. For the 
seventh, he says, Gutenberg had made a special 
matrix, and four of the 7’s he regards as ‘ develop- 
ments’ (therefore, not as ‘identical’) of the type 
(p. 14), while he takes the differences between 
them as a guide to the chronological order to be 
assigned to the books attributed to Gutenberg. 

It has already been remarked above (p. 201) 
that, if the Helmasperger document is genuine, 
Gutenberg could not have begun to print before 
1450, as in that year he, by his own admission, 
borrowed money, not for ‘ printing’ anything, but 
for ‘making tools’ or an ‘apparatus.’ The authors 
of the Gutenberg-Gesellschaft, however, contend 








GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 309 


that Gutenberg intended to prepare these ‘tools’ 
for B42, but that he had already printed various 
works before 1450. They place the ‘ Weltgericht’ 
c. 1443, the Paris ‘Donatus’ before 1444 or 
shortly after, and the Astronomical Kalendar at 
the end of 1447, and profess to prove that the 
first two books are in the ‘first phase,’ the third 
in the ‘second phase’ of Gutenberg’s oldest type. 
But is is difficult to accept these assertions, as the 
contraction for us (9), the dots, small horizontal 
marks and bows over the 7’s and the V (used as U 
and V) in the ‘Donatus,’ when compared with 
the same signs or letters in the Astronomical 
Kalendar, make it clear that the types of these two 
works differ from each other, and that, though 
resembling each other, they cannot, on account of 
small but material differences in form and size, be 
described as two ‘phases’ or ‘developments’ of 
one and the same type. And types materially 
differing from each other in form and size cannot 
have been cast from the same patrices and matrices. 
In this case the differences can be attributed neither 
to the worn-out condition of the ‘ Donatus’ (see 
‘ Verdffentl.’ i., 16), nor to the freshness of the 
Kalendar-type. For instance: the contraction for 
us (9) in the Kalendar cannot have been cast from 
the patrix and matrix used for manufacturing the 
same sign for the ‘ Donatus,’ as the former is longer 
and thinner than that of the ‘ Donatus,’ and has a 
more angular top than the latter, which is perfectly 
round (°). Nor could the z’s of the Kalendar, with 
dots or small horizontal marks or bows at a 
material distance from their top, have been cast 














310 THE SO-CALLED 


from the patrices and matrices used for the 7’s ot 
the ‘ Donatus,’ which have these marks much 
closer to their top. 

Another feature in the evidence of Schwenke 
(‘Centralbl.,’ 1901, p. 290 sgq.) and Zedler is a tall 
t in the Turk-kalendar for 1455, which is preceded, 
in all words where two 7/’s come together, by an 
ordinary shorter ¢; exx.gr. ‘bittern’ (Wyss’ ed., 
Taf. 31%, li. 6); gelitten . . . erstritten (srd., li. 8), 
and various other words (sid., Taf. 31°, li. 15; 
32°, li. 13; 32°, li. 17, etc.). The second ¢ over- 
tops the first ¢, and its left side is straight, appar- 
ently so made that it might not interfere with the 
crossbar of the first. In some cases the two 7s 
seem to form a ligature (Taf. 31°, li. 8, erstritten), 
but in the majority of cases they are disconneéted, 
and do not always range in the line; cf. mittage 
(31°, li. 15), dritte (32*, li. 13). 

Both authors point to a somewhat similar ¢ in 
the Paris ‘ Donatus,’ exclusively preceded by c, 
though the two do not seem to be a ligature; see 
Zedler’s Facs., in ‘Verdffentl.’ i., Taf. II.*, li. 4 
(produda), 6 (produdfam), g (Adfiua), 11 (adfiua), 
and in other words (sid., li. 12, 14, 16, 24, 25; 
Taf. IIT.*, li. 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, etc.). But the length- 
ened ¢ of the Turk-kalendar cannot typographic- 
ally be called a ‘phase’ or a ‘development’ of the 
lengthened ¢ of the ‘ Donatus,’ as the two differ in 
form and size; nor can the two 7/s have been cast 
from the same matrix, that of the Turk-kalendar 
being larger than that of the ‘ Donatus.’ It is to 
be observed that there is no trace of this peculiar ¢ 
in the Astronomical Kalendar, though there were 











GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 311 


occasions for using it, as in mittage (2nd February) ; 
dritten . . . mittage (1st April). 

An examination of the types of the ‘ Weltgericht’ 
is more difficult, as we have only a small portion 
(reéto and verso) of one leaf. Each side contains 
no more than eleven lines, of which the first are 
slightly cropped by the binder. Ten lines measure 
8-1 cm. (=8,, mm. to aline) ; or 8:2 cm. from the 
foot of the upper (truncated) line. The facsimiles 
of the Paris ‘Donatus’ being on a reduced scale, 
the height or the width of the lines cannot be 
measured. But ten lines (of January) of the 
Astron. Kalendar measure 8°3 cm.; of March and 
April, 8-2 cm. 

Some of the letters in both documents, as 4, g, /, 
especially the bows on the letter 7, also show that 
those of the ‘Weltgericht’ differ from those in the 
‘Donatus.’ Therefore, if these differences, observ- 
able in the photographs, do exist in the originals, 
then the ‘Weltgericht,’ the Paris ‘ Donatus,’ the 
Astronomical Kalendar, and the Turk-kalendar of 
1455, are printed in four different types, which 
may have been used or manufactured by one and 
the same printer, but are not, and cannot be called, 
phases of one and the same type, or developments 
of one original type. 

The above List A shows that (apart from the 
types and books in List B) six types (I., II., V., 
VI., VII., VIII.) are attributed to Gutenberg, and 
about four-and-twenty different works, not to 
mention the ‘many experiments’ which, accord- 
ing to Zedler, must have preceded Gutenberg’s 
‘masterly ’ printed Kalendar of 1447, nor the ‘many 











312 THE SO-CALLED 


experiments’ which, according to Schwenke, must 
have preceded B42. Of type I. (called sometimes 
the ‘Gutenberg,’ sometimes the B3® type), three 
‘phases’ or ‘varieties’ (i*, i> and ic) are said to 
exist. For reasons stated above, however, they cannot 
be taken as such, as they are really three different 
types, and must, therefore, from a bibliographical 
and typographical point of view, be kept separate, 
even if the differences between them were smaller 
than they really are. Moreover, in the absence of 
all evidence of their having been used by one and 
the same printer, they must be ascribed to three 
different printers. Zedler tells us, that Alb. Pfister 
bought the B36 type from Gutenberg at a high 
price, continued to use it at Mainz, and had after- 
wards, while still there, a new fount made of it 
(by Gutenberg), with certain patrices and matrices 
modified. But there is no authority for this asser- 
tion, which is, moreover, incompatible with the 
Helmasperger document. Hence, after ascribing, 
on clear bibliographical evidence, B4, and the eight 
other works of List B, to Peter Schoeffer, Guten- 
berg would still be credited with having manufac- 
tured no fewer than eight' different types (i. the 
‘Donatus’ type; ii. the ‘ Kalendar’ type; iii. the 


* Zedler (‘ Verdffentl.’ i., Taf. XIII.) gives tracings of seven 
different ‘phases’ of the oldest (!) Gutenberg-type (i. the ‘ Donatus’ 
type; ii*, the ‘Kalendar’ type; ii>, the ‘ Turk-kalendar’ type; ii‘, 
the ‘Cisianus’ type; ii¢, the Laxierkalendar type; ii*, the London 
27-line ‘Donatus’ type; iii. the B%* type). If now we add to 
these seven the two types of the 31-line Indulgence, the two of 
the Psalter and that of the ‘Catholicon,’ Gutenberg is credited 
with twe/ve types, not to speak of the three ascribed above on safe 
grounds to Schoeffer. 








GUTENBERG DOCUMENTS. 313 


Church type and iv. the text type of the 31-line 
Indulgence; v. the B3® type; vi. and vii., the large 
and small types of the Psalter of 1457; viii. the 
Catholicon type), and with having printed at least 
twenty-four different works, including a large folio 
Bible (B3°) in two volumes, the large folio ‘Catho- 
licon’ and other important works. Schwenke, 
indeed, thinks that some unknown printer printed 
B36, but—in Gutenberg’s printing office. 
J. H. Hessets. 


(To be continued.) 














FISHER’S SERMON AGAINST 
LUTHER. 


mY N the Auction Catalogue of books 
& belonging to the late Professor S. H. 
§ Butcher, M.P., sold at Cambridge 
Mythe 25th of May, 1911, was this 


‘Fysher’s Sermon against Luther, Wynkyn de 
Worde, black-letter, n.p., 4to, morocco.’ 


I did not see the copy until the day before the 
sale. On examination I found it to be imperfeét, 
and that it was included with other lots of books, 
which formerly belonged to the late Professor 
John E. B. Mayor, whose library was sold at 
Cambridge in March previously. 

That evening I looked up various authorities, and 
found in Mr. E. Gordon Duff’s list of Wynkyn de 
Worde’s books (in ‘ Handlists of English Printers,’ 
part i., 1895) amongst the ‘ Undated books, 1 501- 
1535, the following: 


Fisher against Luther 4to. B.M. 
Fisher aganist Luther 4to. B.M. 


Consulting library catalogues I then found that the 
Cambridge University Library possessed a copy in 
the Samuel Sandars Colleétion, The entries in the 





SERMON AGAINST LUTHER. 315 


British Museum Catalogue state that their two 
copies varied. In the Cambridge University 
Library Catalogue (I. 49) ‘B.M. 524’ is placed 
against their copy. 

Whilst examining the other lots in this sale I 
came across a portfolio of odds and ends, and in it 
found some facsimiles which I thought were of the 
same work. 

At the sale I purchased the Sermon of Bishop 
Fisher, and also the portfolio of odds and ends. 

Examining the Sermon I was puzzled to find it 
agreed with no description of the work as printed 
by Wynkyn de Worde. I had the description 
(1) of the two editions in the British Museum 
Catalogue, where two varying issues are given, and 
(2) of the copy in the Cambridge University 
Library Catalogue. 

The title given in the Cambridge University 
Library Catalogue differed from the first one men- 
tioned in the British Museum Catalogue, and I 
therefore concluded that the Cambridge copy was 
the ‘another edition’ mentioned in the British 
Museum Catalogue. 

Then remembering the portfolio of odds and 
ends, I secured a copy of the facsimile contained 
therein, and, to my surprise, found it agreed with 
neither of the copies whose titles were given in the 
two catalogues mentioned, by reason of the variances 
of the letterpress. And as I could see through the 
facsimile part of the British Museum stamp at the 
back of the title-page, I concluded that it was a 
facsimile of the ‘another edition’ mentioned in 
their catalogue. This left the issues thus: 











316 FISHER’S SERMON 


1. The edition described in the British Museum 
Catalogue. 

2. The ‘other edition’ in the British Museum 
Catalogue, represented by the photographic 
facsimile I possessed. 

3. The copy in the Cambridge University 
Library. 


The copy in the Cambridge University Library 
agrees more with No. I, with the following 
variances : 


B.M. again doétryn assygnement. Cardynal. 
C.U.L. agayn doétryne assingnement. Cardinal. 


But all this did not help to identify my copy, and 
I was intending to write to someone at the British 
Museum about it, when I casually looked up my 
own Index to Hazlitt’s Colleétions and Notes, 
noted one reference to Fisher’s Sermon, looked it 
up, and found to my great surprise the title-page 
of my copy accurately given from Herbert’s Ames, 
and with the imprint of Thomas Berthelet! I 
looked in Herbert’s Ames, and found the descrip- 
tion there given, agreeing with my copy, was taken 
from a copy in Herbert’s possession. 

Failing to find a copy described I turned to 
Mr. W. W. Greg’s list of Berthelet’s ‘ Undated 
Books’ (in ‘ Handlists of English Printers,’ part iii., 
1905), and found 


‘Fisher. Sermon at St. Paul’s, 11 Feb. 1525. 
1529(?) 4to. Bodl.’ 


The date 11 Feb. 1525 does not appear on the 
Sermon. 





AGAINST LUTHER. 317 


As this was the only copy I could find, I wrote to 
Mr. F. Madan, at the Bodleian, giving a few rough 
notes, and he kindly answered, giving me a ‘test’ 
which I found differed in my copy. I may say 
now that the Bodleian copy formerly belonged to 
Herbert. 

I then sent the copy to him for examination, and 
his reply (3rd of June) is, ‘They are different issues. 
. . . Every sheet differs in small details, and I think 
yours is the earlier,’ and then quoted certain vari- 
ances from which could be drawn the conclusion 
that mine is the earlier issue. Also, of the four 
different border-pieces round the title-page, the 
one used at the top of my issue is used at the foot 
of the Bodleian copy, and the bottom block in 
mine is at the top of the Bodleian copy. A few 
variances noted are: 


Mine. BopDLglan. 


A 3° th 1. from foot saint saynt 
B 4‘ 12th 1. from foot secdde...muste seconde... must 
G 3° 1. 16 sowerh soweth 


The Bodleian copy consists of signatures A-H*; 
mine consists of A-F+, Gi, Gi*iv and H are 
wanting. 

Such is the hunt I have had to fix the edition of 
the work so casually purchased, sent in the wrong 
direction by the lettering of the volume, where it 
is definitely stated, ‘Wynkyn de Worde.’ The 
copy has all the appearance of having been found 
in the binding of some book, and has been most 
skilfully mended, and bound by F. Bedford. The 








318 SERMON AGAINST LUTHER. 


autograph of ‘John S. Wood, a.p. 1879’ appears 
on the end-paper. I think Spicer Wood was 
Librarian of St. John’s College, Cambridge, and 
he it was, no doubt, who had the work bound. 
It is a great pity he did not place on record where 
these sheets came from. 

The result of this interesting hunt can be summed 
up as follows : 


(1) Instead of two undated issues of Fisher’s 
Sermon printed by Wynkyn de Worde, 
we havethree—two at the British Museum 
and one at the Cambridge University 
Library—all unique. 

(2) Instead of one undated issue printed by 
Thomas Berthelet, we have two—one at 
the Bodleian, and one (imperfect) not yet 
placed—both unique. 


With regard to the date of printing (1529?) in 
Mr. Greg’s list, I should like to know when this 
Sermon was preached. In the article on Fisher in 
the D. N. B. is the statement: ‘He preached in 
the vernacular, before Wolsey and Warham, at 
Paul’s Cross, on the occasion of the burning of the 
reformer’s writings in the churchyard (12 May, 
1521), a discourse which was severely handled by 
William Tyndale.” The title of the Sermon says 
it was preached on Quinquagesima Sunday. This 
could not have been in May. Is the D. N. B. 
right, and, if so, does it refer to this or to another 
Sermon of Fisher’s against Luther? 


G. J. Gray. 








319 


‘THE ATHEIST CONVERTED.’ 
THE FIRST BOOK PRINTED IN LINCOLN. 


Mone of the quaintest productions of 
the journeymen poets whose rhymes 





YZ in ballads or chap-books. The earliest 
known edition, a duodecimo of twelve pages, is 
also notable because, so far as has been ascertained, 
it is the first effort of the press in the city ot 
Lincoln, in whose Public Library a copy is 
preserved. 

As was then the fashion the title-page furnishes 
an ample bill of fare, and reads: 


‘ The/Atheist / Converted/or/The Unbeliever’s / Eyes 
open’d. / Being / A full and true Account of one Mr. 
Wright, a Gentle-/man, living in the Island of Guernsey, 
who was/a profest Atheist, and would not suffer his 
children to go to/to Church, and how he was converted 
by his little/Daughter of ten Years of Age./The following 
is the text of his Funeral sermon preach’d/by the Rev. 
Dr. Dry. from Psalm the soth, Ver. 14./ 1 will teach thy 
ways to the Unjust, and the Wicked shall / be converted 
to thee. / Lincoln: / Printed and sold by W. Wood. /In 
the Year MDCCXLVIII.’ 


There is a copy of a much later edition in 
Harvard University Library, in which the preacher 





320 *‘THE ATHEIST CONVERTED.’ 
has the less allegorical style of ‘The Rev. Dr. 


ones.’ 

The Lincoln booklet is a curiosity. In doggerel 
rhymes we are told that one Sunday as the con- 
gregations were returning from the services, 


* Unto her Father thus the child did say, 
Why dy (sic) these People go to Church I pray? 
Why will you not let me go in to see 
What they do there? I'd fain a Christian be. 
With threatening words the Father did reply, 
The moment you go there you sure shall die, 
Such superstitious Folly I disdain. 
For I know that all things by Nature came.’ 


The story is divided into six parts, and supplied 
with prose arguments. Thus: ‘Part Second. 
How the child being disturb’d in her Mind went 
wandering in the Fields, where seeing the Flowers 
springing, and the birds singing she consulted (sic) 
there must be a God, tho’ her Father told her to 
the contrary.’ 

Then an angel appears, and direéts her to go to 
a village where a pious family would care for her 
religious education. 

‘Part Third. How this Child as she was read- 
ing the 27th of St. Matthew’s Gospel mediating 
(sic) on our Saviour’s Passion her Father came to 
her and tore the Book out of her Hand and beat 
her in a most cruel Manner, and turn’d her out of 
door. Part Four. How the Devil appeared to 
the Child, proffering her two purses of Guineas 
to curse her Father and take his Council, but the 
Child instead of accepting the golden Bate (sic), 
instanly fell down on her knees to pray. Part 











‘THE ATHEIST CONVERTED.” 321 


Fifth. Shewing how her Father confin’d her in a 
Garrat, allowed her nothing to live on but Bread 
and Water. Part Sixth. Shewing how the Ghost 
of the eldest son appeared to his Father, and 
declared to him the Torments of Hell.’ This 
Dantean vision affected Mr. Wright’s conversion, 
and 


‘ None but the Child must his companion be, 
They spent their time in Prayer constantly ; 
In three Months time her Father sick then fell, 
And bid this sinful World indeed farewell. 


© Two thousand Pounds he left his Daughter fair, 
Who, tho’ she’s young in tender years, 
Is very charitable to the Poor, 
Her daily thirst is after heavenly store.’ 


So ends this remarkable ‘poem,’ which is 
decorated by seven woodcuts which, as usual in 
chap-books, seem to have little connection with 


the text they are supposed to illustrate. 

There is another edition, printed about 1790, in 
which some curious changes have been made in 
the title, which reads: 


‘The Atheist converted; or the Unbeliever’s Eyes 
opened. Giving a full and true Account of one Mr. 
Wright, a gentleman at Liverpool in Lancashire, who 
was a professed Atheist, and would not let his children 
go to Church, told them all things came by Nature. 
How an angel appeared to his daughter about ten years 
of age, telling her to go to a family at the next village, 
who would instrué her in the Scriptures. How her 
father finds her in the garden with a little book in her 
hand at prayer, banish’d her from his house. She was 
sitting in a Grove. The devil came in human shape, 


Il. Y 











322 *THE ATHEIST CONVERTED.’ 


tempting her to curse her Father, and he would give her 
a purse of Gold. How she resisted the temptation, and 
converted him to Christianity. Being proper to be had 
by all families. 

‘Price one Penny: or given for Linen.’ 


It will be seen that Mr. Wright has removed 
his residence from the island of Guernsey to the 
populous and prosperous city of Liverpool.' There 
is a copy of the Liverpool story in the British 
Museum (Pressmark: 1075. 1. 25/4). Mr. 
Wright suffered a further translation and removal 
back to the Channel Islands, as will be seen by this 
entry of a Welsh version in the catalogue of the 
British Museum (Pressmark: 872. d. 52/3): 


‘ Troeadigaeth yr Atheist, neu lygaid yr angrhedadyn 
wedi ei hagor. Gan roddi . . . hanes un Mr. Wright 
. . + yr hwn oedd yn bwy’n Nhref Guernsey . . . 
Trefriw (1820). 12° pp. 8.’ 


We may now leave ‘The Atheist Converted’ in 
the peaceful recesses of his island home. 
WititramM E. A. Axon. 


' A notice of this edition appeared in the ‘Liverpool Daily 
Post,’ 17th April, 1911. 








323 


THE RED PRINTING IN THE 1611 
BIBLE. 





P erapkene who care for an exact know- 
ledge of how the early printers worked, but, rash 
as it may seem to differ from so great an authority 
on practical printing, I venture to question whether 
he has not in certain respects been too much 
influenced by his familiarity with modern methods 
of work. Little seems to have been written about 
red printing in the seventeenth century, but there 
has been a certain amount of discussion of the 
methods followed at a somewhat earlier date, and 
there is now, I believe, little difference of opinion 
regarding them.' I wish to suggest that the 
printer of the 1611 Bible worked on exaétly the 
same lines as his predecessors. 

The usual process of printing in red and black 


' At any rate as regards the second half of the sixteenth century, 
The process is described in Mr. Robert Steele’s ‘ Earliest English 
Music Printing,’ 1903, pp. 4-5. There is considerable doubt as 
to how some of the earliest printing in two or more colours was 
done; of. R, M. Burch, ‘ Colour Printing,’ 1910, pp. 4-6. 





324 THE RED PRINTING 


during the sixteenth century seems to have been 
as follows:' 

1. The printer set up and proved the whole 
forme, red and black together. 

2. He then cut out a frisket so as to allow only 
the red to print.» The soft packing used in the 
tympan would drive the paper down sufficientl 
to allow it to reach the type through the holes in 
the frisket. 3 


* Leaving out of account the possibility of the forme having 
sometimes been disse€ted according to the method most commonly 
employed now-a-days. It has been stated that this method was 
also used, but the evidence for it does not seem to be conclusive. 
Irregularities in the casting of the type and in the furniture would, 
one might suppose, have made it difficult to obtain perfect register 
from two formes, 

2 A number of frisket sheets used in printing certain sixteenth 
century service-books were found some years ago by Mr. Robert 
Steele. I am indebted to Mr. R. A. Peddie for showing me 
one of them now in the Technical Library of the St. Bride’s 
Foundation. From their condition Mr. Steele infers that the 
printer inked the whole forme with red ink, not merely the im- 
mediate neighbourhood of the red words, as one might have 
supposed. The method seems wasteful of ink, besides being very 
messy, and one would have expected the ink to creep along the 
edges of the frisket holes and impress the outline of them on the 
paper, unless, indeed, ink was used which dried extremely quickly. 
More might perhaps be learnt from these frisket sheets if the work 
in the production of which they were used could be identified, 
Of a suggested alternative method—namely, inking through a 
similarly cut stencil or mask—I have seen no evidence, but as the 
inking was done by balls, it might have been a workable plan, and 
there would have been no difficulty in devising an attachment so 
that such a stencil could be quickly placed in position for each 
inking. 

’ It may be remarked that the underlaying method described 
by Mr. Hart necessitates the paper being driven down at least as 
much, for otherwise how did the rules, etc., which were not 
underlayed, contrive to print? 





IN THE 1611 BIBLE. 325 


3. The red having been printed, the forme was 
cleaned and the portions that had been printed in 
red were taken out, and the spaces left by them 
were filled with quads. The frisket was also 
removed. 

4. What was left of the forme was then inked 
with black ink, and the sheets were run through 
again. 

The points of difference in the method described 
by Mr. Hart are: (1) That, according to him, the 
black was printed first ; (2) that underlays were used 
to bring up first the black and then the red above 
type height; (3) that the red portions remained 
in the forme throughout the whole process. 

To take these in their order. Whether the 
red or the black was printed first can often be 
determined by examination, for unless the register 
is quite perfect it will usually be found that here 
and there one ink is on the top of the other. In 
the case of many sixteenth century books it is quite 
clear that the black ink is on the top of the red, 
and that the red, therefore, must have been printed 
first.' I believe that if Mr. Hart will have 
another look at the 1611 Bible he will find that 
this is the case there also. In a copy which I 
have examined at the British Museum the black 
seems to be quite clearly on the top, and Dr. Greg 
tells me that the same is true of a copy which he 
has examined at Cambridge. 


' I have not come across any book in which the black appears 
to have been printed first; but, of course, if a forme was’ to be 
principally in red, with only a few black words here and there, 
one would expeét the usual order to be reversed. 








326 THE RED PRINTING 


That underlaying was not necessary may be seen 
by inspection of some of the folio Bibles printed 
by Barker towards the end of the sixteenth 
century.'. These have a woodcut border to the 
title and, at the end of the preliminary matter, a 
full-page woodcut of Adam and Eve in the Garden 
of Eden. Parts of both these woodcuts, such as 
the royal emblems and the hair of the putt in the 
corners of the title-page, and the faces of the lions, 
etc., in the Garden of Eden, are printed both in 
red and black. The slight error in register causes 
the red lines to appear alongside the black, pro- 
ducing a peculiar brown or bronze-like effect. In 
this case underlaying was obviously impossible, for 
the parts printed in red and black are on the same 
block as those printed in black alone, and, there- 
fore, cannot have been raised above the general 
level. Underlaying is a troublesome process, and 
if the printer could do without it in this case, why 
not in others? 

That the red portions were removed after the 
first printing seems to me to be deducible from a 
careful examination of the calendar of almost any 
red and black Bible of the time—including that of 
1611. When horizontal rules print accidentally 
both in red and black, it will, I think, almost 
always be found that, on any one page, the red 
lines are either all above or all below the black 
ones, showing that the arrangement of the forme 


' I may refer to the one dated 1591. This has the interesting 
peculiarity that in the heading of August in the calendar the 
month was first stated (in red) to have xxx. days. Im the black 
printing a j was printed over the full-stop of the xxx, 





IN THE 1611 BIBLE. 327 


has not been disturbed vertically. In the case of 
vertical rules printing in both colours, however, 
we very frequently find that the red line appears 
sometimes to the right and sometimes to the left 
of the black one,' showing that there has been 
some lateral disturbance of the forme between the 
two printings. Now, surely, this is just what 
would happen if the red words or letters had been 
taken out, and the quads, or spaces, inserted to fill 
up the room of each had not exaétly done so?; and 
otherwise it seems difficult to account for. Further, 
the red portions seem never to be partially dupli- 
cated in black ink, as the black portions are in red. 
If they remained in the forme during the whole 
process it is not easy to understand this, especially 
as these red portions are generally surrounded by 
black, and the use of a frisket to prevent them 


from printing is therefore out of the question. 


R. B. McKerrow. 


' Even when on any one page all the red lines appear on the same 
side of the black ones, the space between them will generally be 
found to vary considerably. 

2 If, I mean, in filling up the spaces left by two or more red 
words in a line the printer had put rather too much in one space 
and too little in another, so that the intervening portions of the 
line were moved to left or right. Of course the teta/ amount 
inserted would have had to be equal to the total length of the 
words removed, 








328 


REVIEWS. 


The Golden-Latin Gospels in the Library of Ff. Pier- 
pont Morgan, formerly known as the Hamilton 
Gospels and sometimes as King Henry the VIII.’s 
Gospels. Now edited for the first time with 
critwal introduction and notes, and accompanied 
by four full-page facsimiles. By H. C. Hoskier. 
New York. Privately printed. 1910. Folio. 


pp. cxvt., 363. 


% for the Commission (presided over by 

Abbot Gasquet) for re-establishing the 

true text of S. Jerome’s translation of 
the Gospels, a fine manuscript now in the possession 
of Mr. J. P. Morgan. The manuscript is written 
in letters of gold on purple vellum, and was un- 
doubtedly prepared for presentation to some person 
of rank, or some other very special purpose. It 
belonged at one time to Henry VIII., but found 
its way into the Duke of Hamilton’s collection, 
was purchased with other Hamilton manuscripts 
en bloc by the German Government, resold and 
bought by Quaritch, who found a customer for it 
in an American collector, from whom it passed, 
like so many other fine books, to Mr. Morgan’s 
library. Mr. Hoskier’s collation is now printed 
with an elaborate introduction and four plates, two 
of them reproducing the purple and gold of the 
original. 





REVIEWS. 329 


In his collation Mr. Hoskier has not confined 
himself to indicating how the Morgan manuscript 
differs from the Clementine text. He has collated 
also the texts, published or unpublished, of a 
number of other manuscripts of the Gospels, 
and has drawn up tables to show with which 
group of manuscripts that of Mr. Morgan agrees, 
and in respeét to which readings. As soon as 
collation is carried to this point the way is 
cleared for very fascinating, but at the same time 
very hazardous, inferences as to the history and 
genealogy of the manuscript according to the com- 
binations of different readings which it contains. 
The drawing of inferences from these combinations 
must be reckoned as hazardous, because every 
scribe who copied an existing text of the Gospels 
probably knew the Latin pretty well by heart in 
some text on which he had been brought up, and 
the extent to which the text which he had in his 
head may have caused him to modify the text 
which he was copying defies all calculation. The 
longer the pedigree which it is sought to assign 
to any manuscript the more these uncertainties 
must be multiplied by each other, so that the 
compilation of a genealogical tree, such as Mr. 
Hoskier bravely constructs, seems to us more 
interesting than convincing. Such small experi- 
ence as the present writer has gained in dealing 
with Chaucer texts has inspired him with a pro- 
found distrust of all genealogies. The earliest 
extant Chaucer manuscripts must date from only 
a very few years after the poet’s death, and yet 
they present problems which so far have defied 














330 REVIEWS. 


solution. Of course scribes would approach the 
copying of the Gospels with much more reverence 
than Chaucer’s copyists, from Adam Scrivener 
downwards, seem to have felt for his verses. But 
what we may call their external or independent 
knowledge of the text would be much closer, and 
this, with the substitution of centuries for decades 
in the length of the pedigree, fills us with distrust. 
It is only fair to Mr. Hoskier to note that he 
repudiates the mechanical use of test passages ; 
nevertheless the pedigree in which he traces his 
manuscript to a ‘parent’ written under Graeco- 
Syriac influences about 200 A.D., and suggests, 
with approximate dates, the influences by which it 
was subsequently affected, seems to run far in 
advance of safe deduction. 

In another respect his introduction appears hardly 
likely to win assent. In a life of S. Wilfred, Arch- 
bishop of York (d. 709) there is an account of how 
he caused a manuscript to be written in letters of 
gold on purple vellum and gorgeously bound, and 
the theory had long ago been put forward by 
Wattenbach that these Hamilton-Morgan Gospels 
might be identified with this manuscript written 
by S. Wilfred’s order. The theory has not won 
acceptance, and Mr. Hoskier himself can hardly be 
said to support it whole-heartedly. Nevertheless, 
he has allowed himself to be fascinated by the pos- 
sibility. In this connection we must refer, also, to 
his startling contention that the manuscript was 
the work of some forty different scribes, ‘a whole 
monastery.’ That every brother in a monastery 
should be so skilled a calligrapher as to be entrusted 


REVIEWS. 331 


with the task of writing on purple vellum in letters 
of gold is a large assumption; but the idea of a 
Gospel-book in which every brother had borne his 
part certainly catches the imagination. Had the 
book, indeed, really been so written, we may be 
pretty sure that S. Wilfred’s biographer would 
have told so edifying a tale. Mr. Hoskier was at 
one time inclined to account for this hypothetical 
division of labour by the rather prosaic theory 
that S. Wilfred wanted the manuscript in a hurry 
to take asa present to Rome, but he withdraws 
this suggestion in a footnote. 

The Hamilton-Morgan manuscript is undoubt- 
edly an important one. Mr. Hoskier appears to 
have made his collation with commendable care. 
His theories as to the pedigree of the manuscript, 
its date, and the manner in which it was written 
show pleasing enthusiasm. But they are certainly 
a little rash. 


Shakespeare Bibliography: a dictionary of every known 
issue of the writings of our national poet and of 
recorded opinion thereon in the English language. 
By William "faggard. With historical introduc- 
tion, facsimiles, portraits, and other illustrations. 
Stratford on Avon, at the Shakespeare Press, 
tv Sheep Street, MCMXI. pp. xxi.729. Price 
Three Guineas. 


How best to arrange the great mass of material 
which he has here brought together must have 
caused Mr. Jaggard much anxious thought, and 








332 REVIEWS. 


there is not much profit to be gained from any 
elaborate demonstration of how and why we should 
have disposed it differently. Since the heading 
‘Shakespeare’ occupies very nearly half the book, 
we should have preferred to see it raised to the 
dignity of a separate section; nor do we like the 
interruption of the sequence of Shakespeare’s plays 
by such entries as ‘Cupid’s Cabinet Unlockt,’ 
‘Double Falsehood,’ ‘ Fifth of November,’ etc., 
nor the burial of useful Concordances and Glos- 
saries among elegant extraéts and ‘Tales from 
Shakespeare.’ Weare also sorry that Mr. Jaggard 
transliterates upper-case V in the middle of words 
by v instead of u, that he writes ‘ Shakespearean’ 
instead of ‘Shakespearian’ (why not Gladstonean, 
or Swinburnean ?), and that he has thought it con- 
sonant with the respect due to his subject to let off 
some very small squibs in order to annoy a dis- 
tinguished living scholar. Having satisfied our 
critical conscience with these remarks we are left 
free to express our admiration for an immensely 
laborious and immensely useful piece of work. If 
space and time were at our disposal, it would be 
easy to extract from Mr. Jaggard’s seven hundred 
and fifty closely printed pages a whole series of 
articles which only gross lack of skill could fail to 
make interesting. We might trace from them the 
growth of Shakespeare’s fame, compare the popu- 
larity of different plays, note the first appearance 
of the Shakespeare colleétor and the ever-increasing 
liberality of his bids, discourse on the various 
attempts to add to the ‘canon’ of Shakespeare’s 
plays as set forth in the Folio of 1623, and the 





REVIEWS. 333 


small success with which they have met, or 
moralize on the vagaries of his critics, and the 
follies, forgeries, and frauds by which the mere fool, 
the conceited fool, and the dishonest fool have all 
tried to make their private profit out of his fame. 
A bibliography as thorough as this is inevitably a 
new starting-point as well as a record. The 
amount which has been written about Shakespeare 
is so vast that even the special student of any one 
section of it may be thankful for the guide here 
provided to what has been written on this, and the 
material which has to be reckoned with. The 
present writer is bound to confess, damaging as it 
may be, that he has learnt for the first time from 
Mr. Jaggard of the existence of seventeenth-century 
transcripts, preserved at Warwick Castle, of ‘ Julius 
Cesar,’ and the ‘ Merry Wives of Windsor,’ besides 
that of ‘ Henry IV.,’ published in the last volume 
of the old Shakespeare Society. A smaller piece 
of ignorance now relieved is that the British 
Museum copy of the first quarto of ‘ Hamlet’ was 
sold to a Dublin bookseller by an undergraduate 
at Trinity College for a shilling. The grass 
should not grow green on the grave of this 
bookseller, who knew what he was about, since 
he sold the book to Boone for £70, and might 
have given the lad a sovereign. A (to him) new 
fact of another kind which has caught the 
writer's eye is that Authority continued to look 
with disfavour on ‘King Richard II.’ long after the 
days of the Earl of Essex, Nahum. Tate’s version, 
though prepared under the name of ‘ The Sicilian 
Usurper,’ having been prohibited in 1681 under 











334 REVIEWS. 


Charles II., and stopped after two representa- 
tions in 1691 under William III.! To produce 
‘Richard II.’ as ‘The Sicilian Usurper’ indicated 
an ill conscience which almost invited prohibition, 
but Authority was clearly sensitive, as Cibber’s 
well-known version of ‘ King Richard III.’, which 
held the stage for a century in preference to 
Shakespeare’s, had for several years to be produced 
shorn of its first aét, lest the misfortunes of 
Henry VI. should arouse sympathy for the 
exiled King James. 

Other notes by Mr. Jaggard recall the struggle, 
about 1734, between Jacob Tonson, who claimed 
the copyright of Shakespeare’s Works, and ‘R. 
Walker and his accomplices,’ who infringed it, and 
maintained that their editions followed ‘ the copies 
made use of at the theatre,’ whereupon Tonson 
procured and printed a statement from the 
prompter at Drury Lane that ‘no person ever had, 
direétly or indirectly, from me any such copy or 
copies, neither would I be accessory on any account 
to imposing on the publick such useless, pirated, 
and maimed editions.” This notice occurs in an 
edition of the ‘Comedies of Errors,’ and in the 
same year we find Tonson publishing the ‘ Merry 
Wives of Windsor’ at a penny to undersell Walker, 
who was offering it for fourpence. But we are 
beginning to pick out plums from Mr. Jaggard’s 
pudding, and though the plums are plentiful enough 
to bear much sampling, an earlier remark about 
space and time forbids us to continue. Doubtless 
Mr. Jaggard’s bibliography might have been better 
if he had done various things differently ; but only 





REVIEWS. 335 


pedantry will stint its recognition of the service 
which he has rendered to the study of Shakespeare. 
A. W. P. 


Tables Générales des Cinquante premitres Années de 
la Gazette des Beaux-Arts, 1859-1908. Par 
Charles Du Bus. Tome I. Table des Articles. 
Imp. 8v0, 172 pp. 1910. 


It is indeed a worthy enterprise on the part of 
the publishers to endeavour to make available the 
vast amount of valuable material to be found in 
the long series of volumes of the ‘Gazette des 
Beaux Arts,’ and there can be nothing but praise 
for the industry and accuracy (as far as it has been 
tested) displayed in the compilation of the index 
named above. Besides gratitude, however, another 
feeling obtrudes itself on the mind of the librarian 
using the volume—namely, doubt whether the best 
means have been adopted for the end in view, 
quick, ready, and complete reference to any matter 
required. 

It may be worth while to examine its structure 
more closely in order to find out where lies the 
weakness of this type of index. The bulk of the 
volume consists of a classified list of the articles 
which have appeared in the ‘Gazette’ down to 
1908, the entries being numbered consecutively. 
The list is divided primarily into two sections— 
‘art’ and the ‘arts’—and further divided into 
various seétions, themselves subdivided chrono- 
logically and topographically. The classification 








336 REVIEWS. 


itself is adequate enough, but is necessarily not 
such as can be carried in the head—and there is 
no alphabetical index to it, only a synopsis of the 
headings. It follows that in tracking down an 
article, the subject only of which is known, it 
may be necessary to glance through the whole 
synopsis and try several possible headings before 
the right one is hit on. 

The classified section is followed by no fewer 
than four separate alphabetical indexes: (1) of 
authors and writers (including titles of anonymous 
or colleétive publications); (2) of artists; (3) of 
places, towns, museums, sales, colle¢ctions, colleétors, 
patrons, and generally all names evoking the idea of 
the localization of works of art; (4) of subjects, 
titles of works, and matters not coming under the 
preceding categories. This last index does not 
include the subjeét headings of the various se¢tions 
of the classified part, e.g. there is nothing under 
‘ Architeéture,’ ‘Ivoires.’ It is a distinét loss of 
time and effort to have to think in which of these 
four indexes to look upa given name. For example, 
if one were trying to find an article on Moliére’s 
coat of arms, one might not turn at once to the first 
index, which is chiefly confined to writers of articles 
in the ‘Gazette’; or for references to De Goncourt 
to the Topographical Index (No. 3). 

The idea of an index in the form of a classified 
and numbered series of titles is a good one in itself, 
and it only needs the addition of a single, amplified 
name and subject index to become a handy biblio- 
graphical tool. 

W. R. B. P. 











A tem eae 




















sites hy re - 
nat ot 


‘sooxsarinks BY seroorined: T¢: BM. THE RIG pete ; 


390 OXFORD. STREET, LONDON, w 


Special. Department Geroria Fioar) for, Old’ Books, First 
Editions of Popular Literature, Best Library Editions, ot 


Standard Worx, etc. Re = iz 


ed 


Also (rinse Hioor for the Eanibition and Sale of Bain 

Standard: and Popiilar Literatere, Handsomtly. Bound nay 

Morocco, Cals, et afl ‘executed by able and experienced :: 

workmen: > ; 
, Posabiniog in all its branches. 


i 
ae 


Libraries Puevibhess, Catatogued’ and Arranged 


"MESSRS. ELLIS 





Dealers in OLD and. RARE BOOKS, MANUSCRIPTS. and ENORAVINGS 
2 NEW BOND STREET, LONDON, W, 
(Busiticss established by John: Brindley tna: 1728} J 
LIBRARIES: ‘arranged and ¢alalogued ; “5 or suialt collections of > 


Saree BY AvCT 
al} ‘desert: "OF 


tak - : : 
VELIG ca 4 


ioe ee rivogues ae ae 


rurcbases tyept yeaa inspection of 











Bisa - 
oe ee A eh} 
a. ot Pas }- 


ay & 
ne 














THE LIBRARY. 
A QUARTERLY REVIEW. 


EDITED BY 
J. Y. W. MacAussrsr and A. W. Pottaarp. 
Advisory Committee: Joun Bariincer, G. F. Barwicx, Kowrap Burcer, 


Metvit Dewsy, W. W. Grec, Roserr Sreere, H. B. Wueatier, 
J. Dover Witson, T. J. Wise. 





CONTENTS. 


Camsripce Fracments; by Cuarzes Sayie 

‘Tur Autocrat’ as Boox- -Lover; by W. E. A. Axon 

Tur Earty Humanists or Exsass; by S. H. Scorr 

Ax Orv Dusuix Srationsr’s Witt ann Inventory; by E. R. 
McC. Dix 

Tus Cuurcn or St. Macnus anv THe Booxseuiers or Lonpox 
Brivce; by Henry R. Promer , 

Tue So-cattep Gutenserc Documents; by J. H. Hesssis. 

Recent Forgicw Lirerature; by Exizaseru Lee 

Reviews ; ” A. W. P. : 

Inpex 





Ss DUSTLESS LIBRARIES. 339 





For the effective LAYING of DUST and DIRT, 
not only during each sweeping, but throughout all the intervening 
periods—which is of greater hygienic importance, 
USE the unequalled ODOURLESS, or powerful GERMICIDAL 


(A Regd. Name 
suggested by 
: Floor—Hygiene) 


ened 
On all Library, Museum, etc., Floors and Linoleums of every description. 


“Florigene ” is a great labour-saver, as each application lays the dust for two to 
twelve months, according to wear. No Scrubbing (unless preferred) or Sprinkling 
of any kind—the ordinary daily dry sweeping alone required. 





“Florigene” is an aid to the Prevention of Throat and other Diseases, and has 
been awarded the BRONZE MEDAL of the ROYAL SANITARY INSTITUTE. 


aan well-known Medical Officers have jointly ed on the advantages 
“ Florigene "—as the result of bacteriological experiments—as follows : 


1. Economy of labour in cleaning the room. 


2. Prevention of the rising of dust once deposited ; 
hence a healthier atmosphere for breathing. 


They also favour its more general adoption. 











Send for particulars, Medical Reports and Testimonials to the Sole Manufacturers— 


“ DUST-ALLAYER” co. 


165, QUEEN VICTORIA STREET, E.C. 











CONTRACTORS to the ADMIRALTY, H.W. OFFICE of WORKS, WAR OFFICE, etc. 


i e 








IMPORTANT CONTRIBUTION 
TO LIBRARIANSHIP. .... 








LIBRACO LIMITED beg to announce the early publication of an im- 
portant new work by Mr. James Duff Brown, Librarian of Islington, entitled 


MANUAL OF 
LIBRARY CLASSIFICATION 
AND CATALOGUING 


This work which is urgently needed in view of the fact that the 
text books on these two subjects are out-of print, has been prepared to 
cover every aspect of classification and cataloguing in the clear and concise 
manner which characterises the writings of the author. The theoretical, 
historical and practical sides of both subjects will be adequately dealt 
with, and a series of facsimile pages of all the world’s great catalogues 
will render the book indispensable to everyone connected with libraries. 


In addition to the code of rules for cataloguing which the author 
supplies, a complete digest of the Anglo-American International Code 
of Rules will be included by special permission of the Council of the 
Library Association. 


The book will be well illustrated and will be provided with 
bibliographies and other appendices of value to students. 


About 280 pp. 72 Facsimiles & Illustrations. Demy 8vo, Cloth. 


7s. 6d. post free. 





Orders should be sent at once to :— 


LIBRACO LIMITED, 


60, Wilson Street, Finsbury Square, E.C. 
one GE anane 
95, Bridge Street, Deansgate, Manchester. 


li 











THE DE LA MORE PRESS 


SECOND EDITION—REVISED 
Burma: a Handbook of Practical, 


Commercial, Political Information 


By Sir J. Gzorce Scorr, K.C.L.E. (“Shway Yoe”), author 
of “ The Burman : His Life and Notions.” Special cover 
design, with many illustrations and map, appendices on 
the Shan States, and other subjects. Crown 8vo, cloth, 
10/6 net. 

“ Unassuming in appearance, yet packed full of the most practically valu- 
able material, Sir J. George Scott’s Handbook must take at once an impor- 
tant place among works of reference dealing with the Indian Empire. .. . 
The volume is altogether thoroughly business-like and highly informing. 
Photographs form a valuable accessory, and the appendices contain much 
useful statistical and other material.” —Glasgow Herald. 

“The present work . .. is to be recommended . . . for the accuracy, 
completeness, and careful arrangement of its information, although there are 
flashes here and there of the power of graphic description that made the 
author’s earlier works, under the pseudonym of “ Shway Yoe,” conspicuous.” 
— Athenaeum. 


Hypnotism : Its History, Practice, 
and Theory 


By J. Mitne Bramwewt, M.B.,C.M. Demy 8vo, cloth 
18)- net. 


The chief aim of this monograph is to draw the attention of 
medical men to the therapeutic value of hypnotism. The 
author has devoted the last twelve years to hypnotic practice 
and research, and his personal observation of the practical work 
done in France, Germany, Sweden, Holland, Switzerland, and 
Belgium, should also make the volume a valuable addition to 
the science of a subject which is exciting much interest at the 
present time. The historical part of the book contains much 
important and little-known matter regarding the work of Elliot- 
son,’ Esdaile,and Braid. ‘The methods of inducing hypnosis are 
exhaustively dealt with, and full instructions are given as to the 
management of the hypnotic state, together with details regard- 
ing the causes which influence susceptibility to hypnosis. 
Many interesting hypnotic experiments are recorded, as well 
as numerous cases illustrative of surgical and medical uses of 
hypnotism. Hypnotic theories are outlined and discussed, and 
much attention is devoted to the question of the existence of a 
subliminal or secondary consciousness. 


ALEXANDER MORING LTD., 32 GEORGE ST., HANOVER SQ., W. 





iii 











PUBLICATIONS OF THE 
ENGLISH GOETHE SOCIETY 


NO. XI. 


Goethe in England & America 


Bibliography by Eucenz Oswatp, M.A., Ph.D., secretary 
to the Society. Second Edition, revised and enlarged by 
L. and E. Oswald. Demy 8vo, wrappered, vi. and 


75 pp-, dj- net. 


NO. XII. 


Schillers Freundschaft mit 
Goethe 


Vortrag gehalten in der ,, English Goethe Society“ zur 
Feier von Schillers 150. Geburtstage, von H. G. Figpier, 
Taylorian Professor der deutschen Sprache und Literatur 
an der Universitat Oxford. Demy 8vo, 2/6 net. 


THE DE LA MORE PRESS, 32 GEORGE ST., HANOVER SQ., W. 














DELICIOUS COFFEE. PURE HIGHLAND MALT 


RED PEATMOOR 
WHITE WHISKY. 


GUARANTEED 12 YEARS OLD 


« BLUE ron 


For Breakfast & after Dinner. HANSON'S, London, Eng. 

















iv 

















And 


II. 











