i 


SOME    ACCOUNT 

OF  THE 

ENGLISH     STAGE, 


FROM    THE 


RESTORATION  IN  1660  TO  1830. 


IN    TEN    VOLUMES. 


Et  §£  T<  irotputrrtxi,  *j  oux  otxpifius  otwhy'nrocty  [A-viSus  yfjuzs  yptxQiru 

7rE7rXav»j//,E)n3v  la-ropiocv  ffvviXt'^a^iv,  -  EVAGRIUS,  p.  473. 


IF  ANY"  THING  BE  OVERLOOKED,  OR  NOT  ACCURATELY  INSERTED,  LET 
NO  ONE  FIND  FAULT,  BUT  TAKE  INTO  CONSIDERATION  THAT  THIS 
HISTORY  IS  COMPILED  FROM  ALL  QUARTERS. 


VOL  V. 


BATH.: 

PRINTED  BY  H.  E.  CARRINGTON. 
SOLD  BY  THOMAS  RODD,  GREAT  NEWPORT  STREET,  LONDON. 

1832. 


at  &tationm' 


V/,5 


i 


CONTENTS. 


D.  L.  1762-1763  to  Hay.  1765. 

Terence. 

D.  L.  1765-1766  to  Hay.  1767. 

Plautus. 

D.  L.  1767-1768  to  Liverpool  1773. 

Hawkins'  Origin  of  the  English  Drama. 

D.  L.  1773-1774  to  D.  L.  1775-1776. 

Theatrical  Fund. 

C.  G.  1775-1776  to  Liverpool  1776. 
Victor. 

D.  L.  1776-1777  to  Hay.  1777. 
Aristophanes. 

Bath   1776-1777. 
Liverpool  1777. 
.ZEschylus. 

N.B.    For  slight   Corrections  and  Additions,   see  vol.  10 
p.  262. 


SOME    ACCOUNT 

OF    THE 

Stase  from  tfte  alteration 

IN  1660  TO  1830. 
D.  L.  1762-1768. 


GARRICK  and  Lacy  effected  a  most  material  stage 
reformation — which  was  afterwards  adopted  at  C.  G. 
— Wilkinson  and  Davies  say  that  this  was  done 
in  1762. 

The  theatres  formerly  were  not  large  enough  for 
the  benefit  night  of  a  favourite  performer — therefore 
the  following  advertisement  was  usually  added  on 
this  occasion ;  "  Part  of  the  Pit  will  be  railed  into 
"  the  Boxes,  and  the  Stage  will  be  formed  into  an 
"  Amphitheatre  where  servants  will  be  allowed  to 

"  keep  places"* see  Mrs.  dive's  bt.  D.  L. 

March  20  1788. 


*  Tho'  this  amphitheatre  seems  in  the  first  instance  to  have 
been  meant  for  box  company,  yet  it  was  not  unusual  in  the  case 
of  an  overflow,  to  admit  persons  at  a  lower  rate — Mrs.  Bellamy, 


VOL.  v. 


2  D.  L.   1762-1763. 

When  a  great  house  was  not  expected,  then  the 
performer  usually  added  to  the  bottom  of  the  bill, 
"  KB.  not  any  building  on  the  stage" — what  was 
termed  a  building  on  the  stage  was  certainly  the 
greatest  nuisance  that  ever  prevailed — Wilkinson 
tells  us  that  he  had  seen  Mrs.  Gibber  prostrating  her- 
self on  an  old  couch  covered  with  black  cloth,  as  the 
tomb  of  the  Capulets,  with  at  least  200  persons  be- 
hind her — when  Quin  returned  to  the  stage  to  play 
Falstaff  for  Ryan's  benefit,  notwithstanding  the  im- 
patience of  the  audience  to  see  their  old  acquaint- 
ance, he  was  several  minutes  before  he  could  pass 
through  the  numbers  that  wedged  him  in.  (Wil- 
kinson.) 

Holland  acted  Hamlet  for  his  1st  benefit — he  was 
born  at  Cheswick,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  London, 
where  his  father  then  resided — when  the  night  came, 
his  friends  attended,  and  his  native  village  was  left 
almost  literally  empty — among  the  rest  of  his  visiting 
acquaintance,  was  a  country  girl,  seated  at  the  west 
end  of  the  amphitheatre,  where  she  had  an  easy 
egress. 

On  the  appearance  of  the  Ghost,  by  the  usual 
stage  trick,  Hamlet's  hat  flew  off,  and  lay  nearly  at 
the  damsel's  feet — she,  pitying  the  situation  of  her 
young  friend,  gently  stole  from  her  seat,  took  up  the 
hat,  and  placed  it  upon  Holland's  head,  with  the 


in  relating  the  quarrel  between  herself  and  Mrs.  Hamilton,  says, 
that  Mrs.  Hamilton  having  a  full  gallery  disposed  of  the  overflow 
in  the  boxes,  and  upon  the  stage,  preferring  their  two  shillings 
apiece  to  empty  benches — Holland  must  have  done  the  same  at 
his  benefit. 


i).  L.   1762-170.*.  3 

broad  corner  foremost,  as  it  is  generally  worn  by  a 
drunken  man  —she  regained  her  seat  with  apparent 
exultation  for  the  friendly  feat  she  had  performed,  in 
defending  the  young  prince  from  such  a  "  nipping 
"  and  an  eager  air,"  as  he  had  just  been  shivering  un- 
der, and  Hamlet  proceeded  to  finish  the  scene,  uncon- 
scious of  the  ridiculous  figure  in  which  he  was  placed 
—the  audience,  unwilling  to  break  in  upon  the  solem- 
nity of  the  performance,  bit  their  lips,  and  with  dif- 
ficulty restrained  their  risibility,  till  the  Ghost  and 
Hamlet  were  fairly  off  the  stage,  when  they  indulged 
themselves  in  one  of  the  loudest  laughs  ever  heard 
in  a  theatre.* 

But  tho'  it  was  on  benefit  nights  alone  that  the 
public  were  allowed  to  seat  themselves  on  the  stage, 
yet  gentlemen  seem  to  have  claimed  a  constant  right 
of  admission  behind  the  scenes. 

Garrick  was  fully  sensible  of  the  absurdity  of  hav- 
ing one  audience  on  the  stage,  and  another  before  the 
curtain  —he  was  reminded  that  Sheridan  by  his  re- 
solute behaviour  had  conquered  the  refractory  spirit 
of  the  Irish  Gentlemen,  by  shutting  his  stage- door 
against  them  ;  and  after  suffering  many  vexations 
and  much  opposition,  had  supported  his  right  with 
the  sanction  of  legal  authority — Much  as  Garrick 
wished  for  a  reformation,  yet  he  was  for  some  time 
deterred  by  the  obstacles  that  prevented  it — he  had 
three  parties  to  encounter,  all  of  them  formidable, 
and  when  united,  truly  alarming — 1st  to  banish 


*  Wilkinson  relates  this  story  with  rather  more  pleasantry  ;  but 
as  Jackson  was  actually  present,  his  account  must  be  preferred. 


4  D.  L.  1762-1763. 

young  men  of  fashion  from  behind  the  scenes  was 
judged  a  daring  attempt ;  as  the  Manager's  right  to 
rule  where  they  were  concerned,  was  looked  on  as  a 
vulgar  law,  to  which  none  but  the  mean  spirited  sub- 
mitted— 2ndly,  the  going  behind  the  scenes  on  benefit 
nights  pleased  young  clerks  and  others,  who  liked  to 
see  the  actresses  nearer  than  they  were  accustomed 
to— 3rdly  most  of  the  principal  and  some  of  the  mid- 
dling rank  of  performers,  would  not  choose  to  pay 
the  charges  for  their  benefit  nights,  and  be  abridged 
of  £100  or  £150  advantage  accruing  from  the  build- 
ing and  general  admission  on  the  stage  — Garrick  and 
Lacy  on  consulting  together,  very  judiciously  con- 
cluded, that  the  plan  of  reformation  must  be  preceded 
by  a  considerable  enlargement  of  the  playhouse  ;  and 
that  if  it  could  be  so  contrived,  that  the  space  before 
the  curtain  should  contain  as  many  persons,  as  had 
formerly  filled  the  pit,  boxes,  galleries,  and  the 
stage,  nobody  could  have  any  pretence  to  murmur. 

The  theatre  was  accordingly  enlarged — Murphy 
says  to  a  receipt  of  £335— and  from  that  time 
scarcely  any  but^the  performers  were  permitted  to 
visit  the  scenes  of  the  playhouse.  (  Wilkinson  and 
Davies.} 

Sept.  18.  Careless  Husband,  and  Old  Maid. 

21.  Beggar's  Opera.  Macheath  =  Lowe  :  Peachum 
—  Moody  :  Lockit  =  Bransby  :  Filch  —  Parsons,  his 
1st  appearance  there:  Lucy  =  Mrs,  Clive  :  Mrs. 
Peachum  —  Mrs.  Parsons,  her  1st  appearance  there  : 
Diana  Trapes  —  Mrs.  Bradshaw  : — with  Lying  Valet. 
Sharp  =  Vernon. 

23.  Beggar's  Opera.     Peachum  =  Yates  :   Polly  = 


D.  L.  1762-1763.  5 

Mrs.  Vincent: — with  Miss  in  her  Teens.     Fribble 
=  Obrien  :  Flash  =  King :  Miss  Biddy  —  Miss  Pope. 

25.  Henry  4th  part  1st.     Falstaff  =  Love,  his  1st 
appearance  there  :  Hotspur  =  Holland  :  King-Ha- 
vard  :  Prince  of  Wales  =  Palmer  :  Lady  Percy  = 
Mrs.  Palmer  :    Hostess  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw :  —  with 
Musical  Lady. 

28.  Romeo  and  Juliet  =  Holland,  and  Mrs.  Gibber: 
— with  Double  Disappointment.     Phelim  =  Moody. 

29.  Provoked  Wife.     Sir  John  Brute  =  Garrick  : 
Constant  =  Havard :   Col.  Bully  =  Vernon  :  Lady 
Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

30.  Suspicious    Husband.      Ranger   =  Garrick : 
Strictlaud  =  Love  :  — he  and  Parsons  both  came  from 
Edinburgh — Love  had  been  the  acting  manager  there 
— Parsons  had  played  the  Miser — Jackson  procured 
them  their  engagement  with  Garrick. 

Get,  4.  Garrick  acted  Kitely  : — with  Devil  to  Pay. 
Sir  John  Loverule  =  Vernon  :  Jobson  =  Love  :  Nell 
=  Mrs.  Clive. 

5.  Richard  3d  =  Holland 6.  Hamlet  =  Garrick. 

7.  Not  acted  3  years,  Oroonoko  =  Jackson,  being 
his  1st  appearance  there  :  Aboan  —  Holland :  Imoinda 
—  Mrs.  Palmer :— Jackson,  tho'  possessed  of  a  good 
person  and  some  judgment,  was  however  but  an  in- 
different performer,  owing  to  the  disadvantages  of  a 
harsh  voice  and  provincial  accent  —  (H.  Z).)  — 
Churchill  is  very  severe  on  him  in  the  Rosciad — 
Jackson  continued  in  London  about  3  years— he  was 
afterwards  at  Dublin,  and  lastly  manager  at  Edin- 
burgh. 

Oct.  8.  Jealous  Wife 11.  All  in  the  Wrong. 

12.  Tancred  and  Sigismunda.     Siffredi  =  Love. 


6  D.  L.   1762-1763. 

13  and  14,  Garrick  acted  Archer  and  Don  Carlos. 

15.  Not  acted  10  years,  Lady  Jane  Gray.     Lord 
Guilford  Dudley  =  Jackson  :    Pembroke  =  Holland, 
1  st  time :    Gardiner  =  Havard  :  Lady  Jane  Gray  = 
Mrs.  Yates,  1st  time. 

16.  Jane  Shore.    Gloster  =.  Love,    1st  time. 

19-  Mistake.  Don  Felix  =  Parsons  :  (he  did  not 
acton  the  14th)  CamilloirMrs.  Lee. 

20.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier  =  Garrick:  Pierre 
Holland,  1st  time:  Priuli  =  Havard:  Renault  =: 
Packer:  Belvidera=rMrs.  Gibber. 

22.  Lady  Jane  Gray,  with  a  Pastoral,  called  the 
Spring.      Daphnis  =  Norris  :     Damon  =  Vernon  : 
Amaryllis  =  Mrs.  Vincent :    Phillis  =  Miss  Young  : — 
Daphnis  tells  Amaryllis  that  honour  calls   him   to 
arms,   but   that    her  faithful  shepherd   shall   never 
change — in  the  2d  act,   Damon  says  that  the  din  of 
war  is  hushed,  and  that  Daphnis  may  stay  at  home 

this  musical  trifle  is  attributed  to  Harris — it  is 

said  to  have  been  reprinted  in  1766  as  Daphnis  and 
Amaryllis. 

23.  All's  well  that  ends  well.    Bertram  ==  Palmer  : 
Parolles  =  King  :    King  of  France  —  Havard  :   Lefeu 
=  Burton:    Clown  is  omitted:    Helena  =  Mrs.  Pal- 
mer :   Countess  of  Rousillon  r=  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

25.  Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry  Wildair  =  Obrien : 
—  the  two  Clinchers  are  still  omitted. 

27.  Romeo  and  Juliet.     Paris  — Lee. 

28.  Love  makes  a  Man.       Charino  =  Parsons : 
Don  Duart  =  Lee  :— rest  as  May  7  1?62. 

29.  Cymbeline.      Posthum us  =.  Garrick  :  Belarius 
=  Havard  :  Cymbeline  —  Love. 

30.  Tempest.    Ferdinand  =  Vernon  :  Ariel  =  Miss 
Young. 


D.  L.  1762-1763.  7 

Nov.  1.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn  =  Holland: 
King  =.  Love  :  Gonzalez  =  H avard  :  Garcia  =  Lee  : 
Zara=Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Almeria  =  Mrs  Yates. 

2.  Wonder.     Don  Felix  =  Garrick  :    Violante  = 
Mrs.  Gibber. 

3.  Henry  4th,   part  2d.     Falstaff  =  Love  :— with 
Apprentice.     Charlotte  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

4.  Tamerlane.     M oneses  =  Jackson  : — rest  as  be- 
fore—with Duke  and  no  Duke.     Trappolin  =  King. 

10.  Garrick  acted  Bayes. 

11.  Garrick  acted  Lord  Chalkstone. 

15.  Polly  Honeycombe,  with  alterations. 

17.  Spanish  Fryar.      Dominic  =  Love,   1st  time: 
Gomez  =  Yates  :  Torrismond  =  Holland :   Bertran  = 
Lee  :    Queen  =  Mrs.  Yates  :    Elvira  —  Mrs.  Cibber. 

18.  Alchemist.      Abel  Drugger  =  Garrick  :    Sir 
Epicure  Mammon  =  Love,  1st  time. 

19.  King  Lear  =  Garrick  :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 
22.  Stratagem.      Archer  —  Obrien  :    Scrub  =  Gar- 
rick. 

25.  All's  well.  Interpreter  =  Blakes. 

26.  Way  of  the  World. '  Millamant  =  Mrs.  Prit- 
chard:   Mrs.  Marwood=  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

27.  Zara.  Lusignan ~ Garrick  :  Osman= Holland: 
Zara^Mrs.  Cibber. 

29.  Constant  Couple.  Smuggler  =  Blakes  : — no 
Clinchers  in  the  bill. 

Dec.  1.   Confederacy. 

3.  Henry  4th  part  2d.  Sir  John  FalstaiFzz  Love  : 
King  =  Garrick  :  Prince  of  Wales  =  Holland  :  Shal- 
low =  Yates:  Pistol  =  King :  Archbishop  of  York  = 
Havard  :  Prince  John  =  Lee  :  Chief  Justice  = 
Bransby:  West moreland  =  Burton:  Silence = Blakes: 


8  D.  L.  1762-1763. 

Poins  =  Packer :  Hostess  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw  :  Doll 
Tearsheet  =  Mrs.  Lee  : — with  Witches,  10th  time— 
real  bill. 

6.  Barbarossa.  Othman  =  Havard  :  Sadi  =  Love  : 
Zaphira  =  Mrs.  Yates,  1st  time  : — rest  as  Nov.  21 
1761. 

10.  Lady's  last  Stake, 

11.  Rule  a  Wife.      Leon  =  Garrick :  Cacafogo  = 
Love. 

14.  Conscious  Lovers.     Cimberton  =  Love. 

15.  Garrick  acted  Abel  Drugger. 

17-18-21.  Garrick  acted  Lusignan,  Richard,  and 
Leon. 

22.  Never  acted  there,  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 
Valentine  =  Obrien  :  Protheus  =  Holland  :  Launce  = 
Yates :  Speed  =  King  :  Duke  of  Milan  =.  Havard  : 
Thurio  =  Vernon  :  An thonio  =  Burton  :  Eglamour  — 
Packer:  Host  =  Moody:  Julia  =  Mrs.  Yates:  Silvia 
Miss  Bride:  Lucetta  =  Miss  Pope: — this  is  Shak- 
speare's play  altered  by  Victor. 

Act  1st.  In  Shakspeare's  2d  scene  Lucetta  gives 
Julia  Protheus'  letter — in  his  3d  scene  Protheus  en- 
ters with  her  answer — Victor  has  transposed  these 
scenes  with  much  absurdity — according  to  him,  Julia 
writes  an  answer  to  Protheus'  letter,  before  she  had 
received  it — soon  after  Julia  has  read  the  letter,  Pro- 
theus enters — they  exchange  rings — as  in  the  2d 
scene  of  Shakspeare's  2d  act — Protheus  makes  his 
exit,  and  Julia  consults  with  Lucetta  about  her  jour- 
ney to  Milan,  as  in  the  7*-h  scene  of  Shakspeare's  2d 
act — here  we  have  another  absurdity — Julia's  jour- 
ney to  Milan  was  evidently  an  after-thought — if  she 
had  immediately  determined  to  go  to  Milan,  she 
might  have  gone  with  Protheus. 


D.  L.   1762-1763.  9 

Act  2d.  In  Shakspeare's  1st  scene  Silvia  gives  back 
to  Valentine  the  letter  which  he  had  written  at  her 
desire — then  follow  2  scenes — in  the  4th  scene  Silvia 
and  Valentine  re-enter — Valentine  is  supposed  in  the 
mean  time  to  have  gained  Silvia's  affections — and  to 
have  concerted  with  her  a  plan  for  their  escape- 
Valentine  says  in  the  4th  act  that  he  had  been  16 
months  at  Milan — and  Shakspeare  evidently  meant 
a  considerable  portion  of  this  time  to  pass  between 
the  1st  and  4th  scenes  of  this  act — but  Victor  has, 
with  gross  absurdity,  consolidated  the  1st  and  4th 
scenes — thereby  making  Silvia  act  a  most  unnatural 
part — according  to  him — Silvia  makes  her  exit  after 
giving  back  the  letter  to  Valentine — Speed  suggests 
to  his  master  that  Silvia  is  in  love  with  him — Silvia 
re-enters — it  must  be  observed  that  previously  to  this, 
Valentine  has  given  Silvia  little  or  no  intimation  of 
his  passion  for  her — he  now  says — 

She  comes  again  !  her  eyes  are  smiling  too ! 
Kindly  as  sun-shine  to  the  new-born  spring  ! 
My  dearest  Silvia!  distract  me  not  with  riddles — 
I  am  on  the  verge  of  happiness  or  misery ! 
Lord  Thurio  is  my  rival !  a  potent  one  ! 
Proud   of  his  wealth   and  power — but,  what  is 

worse, 
Approv'd,  nay  chosen,  by  the  Duke  your  father. 

Silvia.  'Tis  true  :  and  that's  my  grief — but  I 

am  free, 

And  will  not  be  enslav'd  ;  nor  doom'd  to  wed 
That  singing,  vain,  that  self-sufficient  lord- 
To  your  protection  I  submit  myself. 

Val.  My  arms  shall  be  your  sanctuary  ! 
I'll  lodge  you  in  my  bosom,  and  wear  you 


10  D.  L.    1762-1763. 

(Lord  Thurio  is  heard  singing  without.) 
In  my  heart— Lord  Thurio  comes  ! 
Let  us  retire. 

Sil.  We  are  observed — this  paper  will  direct  you. 
(  Gives  a  paper  to  Valentine,  who  retires 
with  it  to  the  back  of  the  scene.) 

Thus,  according  to  Victor,  Silvia  had  not  only  de- 
termined to  marry  Valentine  before  he  had  plainly 
declared  his  love  for  her,  but  had  even  written  a 
paper  with  directions  for  their  marriage  and  escape 
— Speed  had  said  to  Valentine  "  for  often  you  have 
"  writ  to  her,"  &c. — this  however  is  only  a  quotation 

— Speed  expressly  says  that  he  found  it  in  print 

Launce  speaks  his  1st  soliloquy  at  Milan  instead  of 
Verona — an  alteration  much  for  the  worse. 

Act  3d  differs  but  little  from  the  original — part  of 
Valentine's  speech,  after  he  is  banished,  seems  to 
have  been  omitted  in  representation. 

Act  4th  differs  but  little  from  the  original— Launce's 
soliloquy  is  marked  as  omitted  in  representation — 
the  short  scene  between  Silvia  and  Eglamour,  with 
which  Shakspeare  begins  his  5th  act,  is  judiciously 
transferred  to  the  conclusion  of  this  act. 

Act  5th.  Victor  has  made  a  very  great  improve- 
ment in  this  act — according  to  Shakspeare,  Valentine, 
after  he  is  reconciled  to  Protheus,  says — 

"  All,  that  was  mine  in  Silvia,  I  give  thee." 

Pope,  Haniner  and  Steevens  allow  that  this  is  un- 
natural— according  to  Victor,  when  Protheus  offers 
to  force  Silvia,  Valentine  advances,  and  orders  the 
outlaws  to  seLze  Protheus — he  then  addresses  Silvia, 


D.L.   1762-1763.  11 

and  tells  her  to  dismiss  her  fears  as  she  is  in  safety- 
after  which  he  reproaches  Protheus  and  then 
is  reconciled  to  him — the  exceptionable  line  is  of 
course  omitted — Victor  has  added  2  short  scenes  for 
the  sake  of  bringing  Launce  and  Speed  on  the  stage 
in  this  act — but  as  these  scenes  are  unnecessary,  and 
not  worthy  of  Shakspeare,  they  would  have  been 

better   omitted for  Kemble's  alteration   of  this 

play,  which  is  in  a  considerable  degree  borrowed  from 
Victor's,  see  C.  G.  April  21  1808. 

23  and  31.  Garrick  acted  Richard  3d,  and  Lear. 
27-  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife.  (Bills  from  B.  M.) 
In  the  course  of  Dec.  Garrick  brought  out  a  Pan- 
tomime called  the  Witches,,  or  Harlequin  Cherokee 
— In  the  St.  James's  Chronicle  it  is  observed,  "  The 
"  2nd  title  is  an  absolute  misnomer,  it  ought  in  jus- 
"  tice  to  be  called  Harlequin  Macbeth,  as  the  author 
"  of  the  Pantomime  is  indebted  to  Shakspeare  for 
"  his  Witches,  Caldron,  Sec. — and  perhaps  we  may 
"  shortly  expect  to  be  entertained  with  Harlequin 
"  Lear  and  Harlequin  Hamlet  —  at  least  this  is  a  very 
"  natural  explanation  of  4  lines  in  one  of  Garrick's 
"  celebrated  Prologues — 

«  But  if  an  empty  house,  the  actors'  curse, 
'  Show  us  our  Lears  and  Hamlets  lose  their  force, 
'  Unwilling  we  must  shift  the  nobler  scene 
«  And  in  our  turn  present  you  Harlequin.' 

"  In  the  present  state  of  Pantomime  we  could 
"  almost  wish,  that  in  order  to  discourage  it  at  one 
"  house,  so  eminent  an  actor  as  Woodward  might 
"  never  be  permitted  to  put  on  the  fool's  coat  again, 
"  and  that  at  the  other  the  Manager  himself  might 


12  D.  L.  1762-1763. 

"  be  obliged  to  wear  it  for  a  season,  as  a  reward  for 
"  the  encouragement  he  has  given  to  such  sort  of 
"  pieces — Oh  how  prettily  his  piercing  eyes  would 
"  twinkle  through  the  holes  of  a  black  vizor!  into 
"  what  a  variety  of  attitudes  would  he  wriggle  his 
"  little  body,  up  the  traps  and  down  the  traps,  over 
"  the  stile  and  through  the  map,"  &c.  (Lon.  Mag. 
for  Dec.') 

Jan.  7.  Old  Maid  —  Mrs.  Clive,  1st  time. 

11.  Richard  3d  =  Garrick  :  Henry  6th  =  Havard  : 
Richmond  —  Palmer  :  Buckingham  =  Lee  :  Queen  — 
Mrs.  Gibber  :  Lady  Anne  =  Mrs.  Davies. 

14.  As  you  like  it.  Touchstone  =  Yates  :  Jaques 
=  Burton  :  Orlando  =  Palmer  :  Adam  =  Havard  : 
Amiens  =  Vernon  :  Rosalind  =.  Mrs.  Yates  :  Celia  = 
Mrs.  Clive  :  Audrey  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw : — she  is  said 
to  have  been  very  happy  in  this  character.  (  Theat- 
rical Examiner?) 

17.  Macbeth  i=Garrick:  Macduff=  Havard  :  Ban- 
quo  =  Palmer:  1st  Witch  =  Yates  :  Lady  Macbeth 
=  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

18.  Busy  Body.     Sir  Jealous  Traffick  =  Love. 
19-  Never  acted,    Elvira.     Don    Alonzo  the   4th 

(King  of  Portugal)  =  Garrick:  Don  Pedro  (his  son)  = 
Holland :  Don  Alvarez =Love:  Don  Rodri go = Packer : 
Elvira  (Maid  of  Honour  to  the  Queen)  =  Mrs.  Gib- 
ber :  Queen  (mother  to  the  King  of  Spain,  and 
second  wife  to  Don  Alonzo)  =  Mrs.  Pritchard :  Al- 
meyda  (her  daughter)  —  Miss  Bride  : — acted  13  times 
—  Don  Pedro  and  Elvira  are  privately  married — the 
King  insists  that  his  son  should  marry  Almeyda— he 
acknowledges  his  love  for  Elvira — she  is  committed 
to  the  custody  of  the  Queen— Don  Pedro  takes  up 


D.  L.   1762-1763.  13 

arms  to  rescue  Elvira — he  forces  his  way  into  the 
palace — she  blames  him  for  his  rashness — the  King 
enters,  and  Don  Pedro  throws  away  his  sword — Don 
Pedro  is  first  confined  to  his  apartment,  and  then 
condemned  to  death — Almeyda,  who  is  in  love  with 
Don  Pedro,  does  her  utmost  to  save  him — she  pre- 
vails on  the  King  to  give  Elvira  an  audience — Elvira 
avows  her  marriage,  and  produces  her  two  children — 
the  King  pardons  his  son— Elvira  dies,  having  heen 
poisoned  by  the  Queen — Don  Pedro  offers  to  kill 
himself,  but  is  prevented  by  his  father— this  T.  was 
written  by  Mallet — it  has  no  particular  fault,  but  it  is 
cold  and  uninteresting  till  the  last  scene. 

Mallet's  real  name  was  Malloch,  which  Dr.  John- 
son has  taken  care  should  never  be  forgotten,  by  say- 
ing in  the  8vo.  edition  of  his  Dictionary — "  alias 
"  means  otherwise,  as  Mallet  alias  Malloch,  that  is 
"  otherwise  Malloch" — on  Mallet's  arrival  from  Scot- 
land he  was  a  great  declaimer  in  the  London  Coffee- 
houses against  religion,  at  which  old  surly  Dennis 
was  highly  offended,  and  always  called  him  Moloch — 
Mallet's  wife  had  faith  enough,  for  she  believed  her 
husband  was  the  greatest  poet  and  wit  of  the  age. 

Mallet  wrote  his  poem  on  Verbal  Criticism  to  pay 
court  to  Pope  by  attacking  Theobald,  who  revenged 
himself  by  observing,  that  "  an  anonymous  writer, 
"  like  a  Scotch  pedlar  in  wit,  had  unbraced  his  pack 
"  on  the  subject ;  of  whom  I  may  fairly  say,  as  Fal- 
"  staff  does  of  Poins,  *  Hang  him  baboon  !  his  wit 
"  is  as  thick  as  Tewksbury  mustard  ;  there  is  no 
"  more  conceit  in  him  than  in  a  Mallet?  " 

Mallet  published  Lord  Bolingbroke's  posthumous 
works  —the  first  striking  sentence  which  Murphy 


14.  D.  L.  1762-1763. 

heard  from  Dr.  Johnson  was  in  some  few  days  after 
their  publication — Garrick  asked  Johnson  "  if  he  had 
"  seen  them  ?" — «  Yes,  I  have  seen  them' — "  What  do 
"  you  think  of  them  ?"— «  think  of  them  P— he  made 
a  long  pause,  and  then  replied — <  think  of  them  !  a 
'  scoundrel  and  a  coward  !  a  scoundrel,  who  spent 

*  his  life  in  charging  a  gun  against  Christianity;  and  a 
«  coward,  who  was  afraid  of  hearing  the  report  of 

*  his  own  gun ;  but  left  half  a  crown  to  a  hungry 
'  Scotchman  to  draw  the  trigger  after  his  death.' — 
(Murphy's  Life  of  Johnson?) 

Jan.  25.  For  the  author  of  the  alterations,  Two 
Gentlemen  of  Verona — this  play  had  been  performed 
5  times  with  success,  but  on  this  night  a  serious  riot 
took  place — Cooke  says — "  Mr.  Fitzpatrick,  agentle- 
"  man  of  independent  fortune,  and  a  critic  of  some 
"  note  in  his  time,  having  had  some  trifling  dispute 
"  with  Garrick  at  a  club  they  belonged  to,  was  mean 
"  enough  to  carry  his  resentments  to  the  actor,  and, 
"  like  all  men  possessed  of  the  spirit  of  malice, 
"  sought  his  revenge  at  the  expense  of  his  judgment ; 
"  hence  he  exposed  himself,  by  almost  daily  criticisms 
"  on  the  action  and  elocution  of  Garrick." 

In  1762-1763  Fitzpatrick,  still  retaining  his  male- 
volence to  Garrick,  had  put  himself  at  the  head  of  a 
set  of  young  men,  who  called  themselves  the  Town 
— they  consulted  together,  and  had  determined  to 
compel  the  managers  to  admit  them  at  the  end  of  the 
3rd  act,  at  half  price,  to  every  performance,  except 
during  the  run  of  a  new  Pantomime — and  they  chose 
to  make  that  demand  on  the  6th  night  of  the  Two 
Gentlemen  of  Verona,  tho'  it  was  for  the  benefit  of 
the  author  of  the  alterations,  and  so  expressed  in  the 


D.  L.    1762-1763.  15 

bills — (Victor} — but  propriety  and  justice  are  seldom 
attended  to  by  playhouse  rioters. 

Fitzpatrick   harangued   the   spectators   from   the 
boxes,  and  set  forth  in  very  warm  and  opprobrious 
language  the  impositions  of  the  managers  ;  and  with 
much  vehemence  pleaded  the  right  of  the  audience 
to  fix  the  prices  of  admission — when  Garrick  came 
forward  to  address  the  house,  he  was  received  with 
noise  and  uproar  ;  and  treated  with  the  utmost  con- 
tempt by  Fitzpatrick  and  his  associates — he  was  not 
allowed  a  night's  time,  no,  not  an  hour's,  to  deliberate 
on  a  matter  of  such  importance  ;  but  was  called  on 
to  yield  unconditional  submission — the  consequence 
of  his  not  giving  up  instantly  the  privileges  of  authors 
to  the  super iour  claims  of  dumb  show,  was  the  tear- 
ing up  of  the  benches,  the  breaking  of  the  lustres, 
and  the  committing  of  every  act  of  violence,  which 
rage  and  malice  could  suggest — on  the  next  night  the 
riot  was  renewed  ;  and  Garrick  thought  it  most  pru- 
dent to  comply  with  what  had  been  demanded  of  him 
— peace  however  was  not  to  be  restored  till  some  of 
the  Players  had  been  punished  for  daring  to  espouse 
the  cause  of  the  .Manager — Moody  was  called  on  to  apo- 
logize for  the  offence  he  had  committed  in  stopping 
a  madman's  hand,  who  was  going  to  set  fire  to  the 
playhouse — he,  imagining  that  he  should  bring  the 
audience  into  good  humour  by  a  laughable  absurdity, 
in  the  tone  and  language  of  a  low-bred  Irishman, 
said,  "  he  was  very  sorry  he  had  displeased  them,  by 
"  saving  their  lives  in  putting  out  the  fire  " — this 
speech  was  so  ill  taken,  that  it  rather  inflamed  than 
cooled  their  rage  ;  and  they  loudly  and  vehemently 
insisted  that  he  should  go  down  on  his  knees  and  ask 


16  D.  L.    1762-1763. 

their  pardon  :  this,  Moody  was  so  far  from  complying 
with,  that  he  had  the  courage  absolutely  to  refuse, 
saying  "  I  will  not  by  Heaven  "  —  when  he  came  off 
the  stage,  Garrick  was  so  pleased  with  his  behaviour, 
that  he  received  him  with  open  arms,  and  assured 
him  that  while  he  had  a  guinea,  he  should  be  paid 
his  salary  ;  but  that  if  he  had  been  mean  enough  to 
have  submitted,  he  would  never  have  forgiven  him  — 
the  tumult  however  was  so  great,  that  in  order  to  ap- 
pease the  rioters,  Garrick  promised  that  Moody  should 
not  appear  on  the  stage  again,  while  he  was  under 
their  displeasure  —  Moody's  situation  was  very  un- 
pleasant —  he  was  reduced  to  the  necessity  of  leaving 
the  capital,  or  depending  on  the  manager's  generosity 
—  after  weighing  all  the  consequences,  he  determined 
on  seeking  redress  from  Fitzpatrick  himself—  the 
conversation  that  ensued  between  them,  Davies  has 
particularly  recorded  —  the  result  was,  that  Fitzpat- 
rick wrote  to  Garrick  in  a  condescending  stile,  and 
promised  that  he  and  his  friends  would  support 
Moody  the  next  time  he  appeared  on  the  stage. 


Moody's  conduct  on  this  occasion  was  as  spirited 
and  creditable  to  himself,  as  Fitzpatrick's  was  cruel 
and  mean  ;  tyrannical  where  he  thought  he  could 
oppress,  and  cowardly  when  called  to  a  personal 
account. 

When  an  Actor  comes  on  the  stage  drunk  ;  or  is 
in  any  other  way  notoriously  deficient  in  his  duty  at 
the  theatre,  the  Public  has  an  undoubted  right  to  call 
him  to  an  account,  and  to  insist  on  an  apology  —  but 
when  a  man  merely  because  he  has  paid  some  few 
shillings  at  the  door  of  a  playhouse,  considers  him- 


i).  i,  1702-1768.  17 

self  as  entitled  to  insult  a  performer,  by  wantonly 
hissing — or  to  call  on  him  for  an  apology,  where  he 
has  not  been  to  blame —whatever  his  situation  in  life 
may  be,  he  is  no  longer  worthy  of  the  appellation  of 
a  Gentleman — for  certainly  no  one,  who  is  not  des- 
titute of  liberality  and  humanity,  will  take  advantage 
of  the  peculiar  situation  of  an  Actor,  or  endeavour 
to  exact  such  compliances  from  him,  as  must  degrade 
him  as  a  man — 


"  Oh,  it  is  excellent 


"  To  have  a  Giant's  strength  ;  but  it  is  tyrannous 
"  To  use  it  like  a  Giant." 

Murphy  says  that  Fitzpatrick  was  admired  for  his 
talents  and  amiable  mariners  ;  and  that  Churchill 
inserted  in  the  Rosciad  a  cruel  caricature  of  him  to 

gratify  the  resentment  of  Garrick Davies  details 

the  origin  of  Fitzpatrick's  personal  dislike  to  Gar- 
rick,  and  gives  an  account  of  his  rancorous  attacks 
on  him  as  an  actor— his  statement  agrees  with  Cooke's, 
and  what  they  say  seems  more  consonant  to  truth 

than  Murphy's  account but  if  all  that  Murphy 

has  been  pleased  to  say  of  Fitzpatrick  were  true,  yet 
it  would  not  be  the  slightest  vindication  of  his  con- 
duct in  the  affair  of  the  riot. 

Scandalous  as  the  behaviour  of  Fitzpatrick  and 
his  friends  towards  Moody  was,  yet  the  History  of 
the  Irish  Stage  furnishes  a  still  stronger  act  of  in- 
justice— which  is  the  more  striking,  as  the  fault  sup- 
posed to  have  been  committed,  had  not  the  most 
distant  relation  to  the  theatre. 

Evans,  an  Irish  actor,  having  given  some  offence, 
a  party  was  formed  against  him  by  some  Military 


VOL.  V. 


18  D.  L.  1762-1763. 

Gentlemen,  who  would  not  suffer  any  play  to  be 
acted,  till  he  had  asked  public  pardon  on  the  stage — 
this  with  great  difficulty  he  was  prevailed  on  to  sub- 
mit to— when  he  addressed  the  audience,  a  Smart  in 
the  Pit  cried  out — "  Kneel  you  Rascal  " — Evans  re- 
plied in  the  same  tone  of  voice,  arid  with  great  firm- 
ness—"No,  you  Rascal,  Til  kneel  to  none,  but  God 
"  and  my  Queen." 

Even  if  Evans  had  behaved  ill  in  a  private  room, 
these  Gentlemen  would  not  have  been  entitled  to 
call  him  to  an  account  at  the  theatre — but  Chetwood 
tells  us  that  the  crime,  for  which  Evans  was  called 
on  to  apologize,  was  simply  this — when  it  was  his 
turn  one  day  in  company  to  give  a  toast,  he  gave 
Queen  Anne's  health,  which  some  officer  (of  course 
a  Jacobite)  chose  to  be  offended  at—  —it  is  sufficiently 
clear  that  some  Jacobites  did  not  scruple  to  go  into 
the  Army — D'Urfey,  in  his  Marriage  Hater  Matched, 
1692,  calls  one  of  his  characters  Callow,  whom  he 
describes  in  the  D.  P.  as  a  rascally '  Lieutenant,  dis- 
affected to  government,  tho5  he  has  taken  a  commis- 
sion to  serve  it—  -Tom  Brown  says,  "  government 
"  has  little  to  fear  from  professed  Jacobites  :  those 
"  who  take  the  oaths,  and  keep  their  old  principles, 
"  are  the  men  that  do  mischief." 

Chetwood  on  another  occasion  gives  us  a  printed 
paper  from  a  Gentleman  relative  to  what  had  lately 
happened  at  Dublin. 

"  I  went  the  other  night  to  see  the  Rehearsal, 
"when  the  performance  was  interrupted,  and  the 
"  audience  disappointed,  by  a  concert  of  most  un- 
"  musical  instruments  in  the  Gallery — the  cause  of 
"  this  noise  was  soon  found  to  be  a  private  dispute 


D.  L.   1762-1763.  19 

"  between  somebody  in  the  Gallery  and  Bardin  the 
"  player,  which  dispute  might  (with  the  consent  of 
"  the  whole  theatre)  have  subsisted  7  years,  so  it  had 
"  not  disturbed  a  numerous  and  polite  audience— 
"  if  a  player  in  his  private  capacity  offends  me,  will 
"  this  warrant  my  offending  a  thousand  persons  at 
"  once  ? — should  I  have  a  dispute  at  law  or  play  with 
"  Mr.  Garrick,  must  the  whole  town  for  this  reason 
"  lose  the  entertainment  of  seeing  him  in  Lear  and 
"  Macbeth  ? — if  Bardin  has  done  any  unwarrantable 
"  and  injurious  thing  to  a  gentleman,  Bardin  should 
"  have  made  satisfaction  in  his  private  capacity,  for 
"  the  offence — the  audience  has  no  right  in,  or  care 
"  for  Bardin,  but  they  certainly  have  for  Prince 
"  Volscius,  he  was  their  player,  and  they  had  paid 
"  their  money  to  see  him — there  is  nothing  more  mis- 
"  taken  than  that  right,  which  some  people  imagine  tliey 
"  have  in  theatres  ;  for  in  truth  their  right  consists 
"  only  in  decently  partaking  of  the  entertainment, 
"  and  giving  a  proper  and  timely  applause,  where 
"  they  think  it  deserved — it  is  the  same  right  that  a 
"  man  has  in  a  ferry-boat,  that  is,  (if  he  behaves  him- 
"  self  properly,)  of  being  safely  and  pleasantly  landed 
"  on  the  opposite  shore  ;  but  if  he  disturbs  the  pas- 
"  sage  and  endangers  the  boat,  he  deserves  to  be 
"  thrown  overboard,"  &c. 

Chetwood  concludes  his  account  with  a  paragraph 
from  a  newspaper  published  some  few  months  before — 

"  Naples  Aug.  16  1748. 

"  One  of  the  Lords  of  the  Court  has  been  banished, 
"  for  having  publickly  insulted,  upon  the  new  Theatre, 
"one  of  the  Singing  women  of  the  Opera." 

c  2 


20  D.  L.   1762-1763. 

Jan  26.  For  the  author.     Elvira — 2d  night  of  the 
riot. 

Feb.  2.  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

3.  Never  acted,  Discovery.  Lord  M ed way  =  She- 
ridan :  Sir  Anthony  Branville  =:  Garrick  :  Sir  Harry 
Flutter  =  Obrieri :  Col.  Medway  =  Holland  :  Lady 
Flutter  —  Miss  Pope  :  Mrs.  Knightly  (a  young,  and 
very  rich  widow)  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Lady  Medway  = 
Mrs.Pritchard:  Miss  Richly  (sister  to  Mrs.  Knightly, 
and  dependent  on  her)  =  Mrs.  Palmer:  Louisa  Med- 
way =  M  iss  Bride  :  —  Lord  Medway,  being  embar- 
rassed in  his  circumstances,  wishes  his  daughter  to 
marry  Sir  Anthony,  who  is  ready  to  take  her  without 
a  fortune — he  wishes  his  son  to  marry  Mrs.  Knightly, 
who  is  in  love  with  him — Col.  Medway  acknow- 
ledges to  his  father,  that  there  is  a  mutual  attachment 
between  himself  and  Miss  Richly — Lord  Medway's 
pecuniary  difficulties  encrease — and  Col.  Medway 
gives  a  reluctant  promise  to  pay  his  addresses  to  Mrs. 
Knightly — between  the  4th  and  5th  acts,  Lord  Med- 
way discovers  that  Mrs.  Knightly  is  his  daughter  by 
a  deceased  lady  in  Portugal — Mrs.  Knightly  divides 
her  fortune  with  her  sister — Col.  Medway  marries 
Miss  Richly—  Lord  Medway  determines  to  reform — 
Sir  Harry  arid  Lady  Flutter  are  the  chief  support  of 
this  piece — they  are  a  very  young  couple,  who  are 
perpetually  quarrelling — Lord  Medway  promotes  the 
differences  between  them — his  object  is  to  seduce 
Lady  Flutter — Lady  Medway  discovers  his  design, 
and  puts  Lady  Flutter  on  her  guard — Sir  Harry  and 
Lady  Flutter  are  reconciled — Sir  Anthony  is  a  formal 
dangler — he  had  courted  Mrs.  Knightly  for  6  months, 


D.  L.   1762-1763.  _M 

but,  thinking  himself  ill  used  by  her,  he  proposes  to 
marry  Louisa— in  the  5th  act,  Mrs.  Knightly  brings 
back  Sir  Anthony  to  his  former  allegiance  to  her,  and 
prevails  on  him  to  consent  to  the  marriage  of  his 
nephew  with  Louisa — this  C.  was  written  by  Mrs. 
Sheridan,  the  wife  of  Sheridan  the  actor,  and  the 
mother  of  R.  B.  Sheridan  the  author— it  is  on  the 
whole  a  good  play  -it  was  performed  17  nights  with 
great  applause  ;  the  managers  gave  Sheridan  (who 
was  not  regularly  engaged)  the  16th  night  for  his  own 
benefit — Sir  Anthony  was  a  character  entirely  new 
to  Garrick — as  in  other  Comic  parts  he  was  remark- 
able for  his  ease,  spirit,  and  expression,  in  this  he 
seemed  utterly  to  have  extinguished  his  natural  talents 
— he  assumed  a  dry,  stiff  manner,  with  an  im move- 
able  face,  and  thus  extracted  from  this  pedantic  ob- 
ject much  entertainment  for  the  audience  and  great 
credit  for  the  author— so  says  Victor — Davies  tells  us, 
that  it  was  said  of  Garrick,  he  either  did  not  or  would 
not  understand  the  idea  of  the  author. 

21.  Spanish  Fry ar.     Lorenzo  —  Palmer. 

24.  Elvira,  with  Beggar's  Wedding.  Chaunter  =. 
Love :  Hunter  =  Vernon :  Alderman  Quorum  = 
Bransby:  Grigg  =  Parsons  :  Gage  =  Moody:  Phoebe 
=  Miss  Young  :  Tippet  =  Mrs.  Dorman  :  Tib  Tatter 
=  Mrs.  Bradshaw  :— -a  new  edition  of  the  Beggar's 
Wedding  was  published  in  1763  with  this  cast. 

March  1.  Much  ado.  Benedick  =  Garrick  :  Dog- 
berry =  Yates. 

14.  Double  Gallant.    Careless  =  Havard  :  Clarinda 
=  Miss  Bride. 

15.  Mrs.  Gibber's  bt.  Fair  Penitent.      Lothario  = 


22  .DL.   1762-1763. 

Obrien,  1st  time:  Horatio  =  Holland,  1st  time: 
Sciolto  =  Garrick,  1st  time  :  Altamont  =  Packer: 
Calista=:  Mrs.Cibber: — with  Catharine  andPetruchio. 

I?.  Macbeth  =  Holland,  1st  time. 

21.  Mrs.  dive's  bt.  School  for  Lovers,  with  the 
Sketch  of  a  Fine  Lady's  Return  from  a  Rout.  King, 
Love,  Moody,  and  Mrs.  Clive — see  B.  D. 

24.  For  bt.  of  Yates.  Jealous  Wife,  with  Old 
Maid  by  Mrs.  Daly,  her  1st  appearance  there. 

26.  Holland's  bt.  Venice  Preserved,  and  School 
boy.  Master  Johnny  =  Obrien,  1st  time  :  Major 
Rakish  =  Love. 

April  4.  Palrners's  bt.  Hamlet  =  Holland  :  Ghost 
(for  that  night)  =  Garrick  :  Polonius  =  Blakes  :  Laer- 
tes =  Lee  :  Osrick  =  Palmer :  1st  Gravedigger  = 
Yates :  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Gibber :  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard  : — with  High  Life  below  Stairs. 

5.  King's  bt.  Wonder.  Don  Felix  =  Garrick  :  Lis- 
sardo  =  Yates  :    Col.  Briton  =  Palmer  :  Gibby  = 
King,     1st    time:    Violante  =  Mrs.  Gibber  : — with 
Englishman  in  Pari?.     Buck  —  King,  1st  time. 

6.  Havard's   bt.  Cymbeline,    with,    never    acted, 
Elopement.     Thoughtless   —    Havard :   Sensible   — 
Packer :  Lord  Loveall  =.  Lee  :   Lady  Candid  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins :  Mrs.  Thoughtle  ;s  =  Mrs.  Davies  :  Pom- 
pone  (a  chambermaid)  =  Mis*  Pope  :  Miss  Thought- 
less =  Miss  Haughton  : — this  Farce   is  attributed  to 
Havard — it  is  not  printed,    but   there   is  a  circum- 
stantial account  of  it  in  the  London  Magazine  for 
A^ril. 

7.  Tempest. 

8.  Mrs.  Yates  acted  Calista  for  her  bt. 

9.  Vernon's  bt.  Alchemist.     Face  =  Palmer  :  Kas* 


n.  L.   1762-1763.  o  j 

tril=:  Yates  :  Dol  Common  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : — with 
Thomas  and  Sally.     Squire  ziVernon. 

11.  Miss  Pope's  bt.  Way  to  keep  him.     Widow 
Belmour  =  Miss  Pope,  1st  time: — with  Miss  in  her 
Teens. 

12.  Obrien's  bt.    Stratagem.     Archer  =  Obrien  : 
Scrub  =  Garrick  :  Boniface  =  Love  :   Mrs.  Sullen  = 
Mrs.  Palmer  : — with  School  Boy. 

19-  Suspicious  Husband.     Jacinthan:  Miss  Bride. 

20.  Jackson's  bt.  Not  acted  this  season,  Earl  of 
Essex.  Essex  =  Holland,  1st  time  :  Southampton  =. 
Jackson:  Burleigh  =  Burton  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Pritch- 
ard :  Rutland  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Nottingham  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins. 

26.  Forbt.  of  Hopkins,  Prompter,  and  Mrs.  Flop- 
kins.  Discovery. 

May  2.  Lee's  bt.  Macbeth  =  Holland :  Rosse  = 
Lee  : — with  Guardian,  by  Lee. 

3.  Tempest.     Stephano  =  Moody. 

10.  Rule  a  Wife.  Copper  Captain  =  Palmer : 
Estifania=Mrs.  Pritchard. 

13.  Stratagem.    Archer  =  King  :  Scrub  is  omitted. 

14.  Drummer.     Butler  =  Love  : — rest  as  before. 

17.  For  bt.  of  Poley,  Roberts,  and  Palmer,  (pro- 
bably   the    Pit    doorkeeper.)      London    Merchant. 
George  Barn  well  =  J.  Palmer,   1st  time:   Thorow- 
good^Love  : — with  Englishman  in  Paris.     Buck  = 
Palmer  : — probably  J.  Palmer. 

18.  Constant  Couple.    Sir  Harry  Wildair  — King  : 
Standard  =  Lee  :  Beau  Clincher  =  Yates. 

19.  Wonder.     Felix  =  Garrick  :  Violante  =  Mrs. 
Yates:  Flora  =  Miss  Pope,  1st  time. 

20.  Macbeth  =  Garrick. 


24  D.  L.  1762-1763. 

26.  Jealous  Wife.     Lord  Trinket  =  King. 
28.  Way  to  keep   him.     Mrs.  Belmour  =  Miss 
Pope,  2d  time:— last  play.     (Bills  from  Mr.  Field 
and  B.  Jlf.) 

Mr.  Field's  bills  and  those  in  the  B.  M.  do  not 
quite  agree — the  former  are  in  print,  the  latter  in 
Manuscript ;  but  Mr.  Field's  bills  have  evidently 
been  cut  out  of  a  paper,  in  which  the  bills  were  not 
inserted  by  the  authority  of  the  managers — in  the 
Tempest  April  7>  Mr.  Field's  bill  represents  Blakes 
as  acting  Sycorax,  tho*  there  is  every  reason  to 
believe  that  it  was  Skakspeare's  play — on  May  3 
Sycorax  is  omitted. 

On  May  18,  when  the  Constant  Couple  was  acted, 
Mr.  Field's  bill  has  Parsons'  name  to  Young  Clincher, 
and  Dr.  Burney's  to  Smuggler— on  Nov.  29  Blakes 
acted  Smuggler,  as  he  had  done  on  the  revival  of 
the  play  April  1  1762— the  Thespian  Dictionary 
says  that  Blakes  died  in  May  ;  it  is  therefore  highly 
probable  that  Parsons  acted  Smuggler  on  the  18th  of 
May — he  had  perhaps  played  Young  Clincher  in  the 
early  part  of  the  season. 

Garrick  acted  Ranger  5  times — Brute  2 — Kitely 
1— Hamlet  3 — Oakly  5— Archer  1 — Don  Carlos  3 — 
Hastings  2 — Jaffier  3 — Posthumus  5 — Felix  5 — 
Henry  4th  6  — Bayes  2 — Lord  Chalkstone  1 — Lear 
3 — Scrub  2 — Lusignan  3 — Abel  Drugger  4 — Leon 
3 — Richard  2 — Don  Alonzo  13-  Sir  Anthony  Bran- 
ville  17 — Benedick  2 — Sciolto  2— Lovemore  3— Sir 
John  Dorilant  1 — Macbeth  1. 

Davies  says — "  the  profits  of  D.  L.  at  the  close  of 
"  this  season  fell  very  short  in  their  amount  to  those 
"  of  the  preceding  years— this  was  owing  to  the  Mu- 


c.  G.  1762-1763.  25 

"  sical  pieces  at  C.  G.  and  particularly  to  Miss  Brent, 
"  who  came  out  in  Polly — in  vain  did  Garrick  oppose 
"  his  Ranger  and  Benedick,  his  Hamlet  and  Lear, 
"  to  Polly  Peachum— the  public  was  this  season  allu- 
"  red  hy  nothing,  but  the  power  of  sound  and  sing- 
"  song,  Shakspeare  and  Garrick  were  obliged  to 

"  quit   the   field  to   Beard   and    Brent" Davies 

evidently  mistakes  the  date  of  the  profitable  season 
at  C.  G. — Miss  Brent's  first  appearance  in  Polly 
was  Oct.  10  1759— that  was  the  season  when  she 
carried  all  before  her. 

Blakes  did  not  act  after  this  season — he  is  said  to 
have  died  in  May— his  performance  of  Mons.  Le 
Medicin  in  the  Anatomist  occasioned  that  Farce  to 
be  acted  17  nights  in  1743-1744 — and  from  that  time 
he  played  all  the  French  parts  at  D.  L. — a  line  of 
acting  in  which  he  seems  to  have  been  superiour  to 
all  performers  --  Churchill  speaks  of  his  various 
merit  in  other  characters—  Wilks  says  he  was  always 
perfect,  and  if  not  a  great  actor,  at  least  a  very 
useful  one. 


C.  G.  1762-1763. 

Sept.  20.  Stratagem.  Sullen  =  Sparks  :  Cherry 
=  Miss  Elliot,  being  her  first  appearance  there: 
Dorinda  rz  Miss  Hallam,  1st  time  : — with  Old  Maid. 


26  c.  G.   1762-1763. 

Capt.  Cape=:T)unstall:  Miss  Harlowrr  Mrs.  Youn- 
ger :  Mrs.  HarlowzrMiss  Elliot :— in  1761-1762  she 
was  at  C.  S.  Dublin. 

22.  Miss  Mackliri  made  her  1st  appearance  for  2 
years,  in  Juliet. 

24.  Henry  4th  pt.  1st. 

27.  Hamlet.  Queen  =  Mrs.  Lewis,  her  1st  ap- 
pearance there  : — with  Scapin  by  Shuter. 

29.  Mrs.  Walker,  late  Miss  Minors,  made  her  1st 
appearance  there,  in  the  character  of  the  Old  Maid. 

30.  Conscious  Lovers.     Phillis  —  Miss  Elliot,   1st 
time. 

Oct.  1.  Wonder.  Violante  ~  Miss  Macklin  :  Isa- 
bella =  Miss  F  fall  am. 

2.  Henry  4th  pt.  2d,  with  Coronation. 

4.  Beggar's  Opera.     Player— Hull. 

5.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  —  Woodward:   Sir  George 
Airy  =  Smith  :  Sir  Francis  Gripe  =  Shuter  :  Charles 
=  Clarke  :  Miranda  =  Miss  Macklin  :  Patch  =  Mrs. 
Pitt:  Isabirida  =  Miss  Hallarn  : — Woodward  on  this 
night  spoke  a  Prologue  which  was  productive  of  dis- 
agreeable   consequences   to   him — see    Irish    Stage 

C.  S.  1763-1764 after  4  years  of  ill-success,  he 

had  dissolved  his  partnership  with  Barry  arid  returned 
to  England — he  could  not  expect  admission  at  D.  L. 
— the  characters  by  which  he  had  principally  dis- 
tinguished himself,  were  shared  among  several  players, 
nor  was  Garrick  willing  to   disoblige  them  by  show- 
ing him  any  marks  of  favour — but  his  old  acquaint- 
ance Beard  gave  him  a  warm  and  hearty  welcome  to 
C.  G.  and  such  an  income  as  seemed  to  gratify  his 
wishes.     (Davies.'] 

6.  Rival    Queens.      Parisatis  =  Miss    Hallam  : 


c.  G.   1762-1763.  27 

Statira^Mrs.  Ward  :    Roxana  =  Mrs.  Baker,  her 
1st  appearance  there. 

8.  Comus.     Miss  Catley  made  her  1st  appearance 
in  the  Pastoral  Nymph.     (Kirkman.} 

9.  Richard   3d.      Buckingham  =  Hull :  —  with 
Coronation. 

12.  Othello  =  Ross  :    lago  =  Sparks:    Cassio  = 
Hull :  Desdemona=Miss  Macklin  :  ^Emilia  =  Mrs. 
Ward. 

13.  Busy   Body,   with  Intriguing   Chamhermaid. 
Drunken   Colonel    =    Woodward  :    Lettice  =  Mrs. 
Walker. 

14..  Rule  a  Wife.  Estifania  =  Mrs.  Ward  : — with, 
never  acted  there,  Polly  Honeycombe.  Honey- 
combe  =Shuter  :  Scribble  =  Dyer  :  Ledger  =  Dun- 
stall  :  Polly  =  Miss  Elliot :  Mrs.  Honeycombe  =• 
Mrs.  Pitt 

16.  Henry  5th.  Princess  =  Miss  Hallam  : — with 
Coronation. 

18.  Polly  Honeycombe.     Honeycombe  =  Hayes, 
1  st  appearance  there. 

19.  Careless  Husband.    Lord  Foppington  =  Wood- 
ward :    Lord   Morelove  =  White  :    Lady  Easy   = 

Mrs.  Baker:    Edging  =  Miss   Elliot: rest  as 

April  1  1761. 

20.  Merry  Wives.     Mrs.  Ford  — Mrs.  Lewis. 

£l.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  =  Smith:  Brazen 
=  Wood  ward  :  Sylvia —Miss  Macklin. 

25.  (26  and  28)  Never  acted  there,  Every  Man 
in  his  Humour.  Kitely=  Smith  :  Bobadill=  Wood- 
ward :  Master  Stephen  =  Shuter  :  Old  Knowell  = 
Sparks:  Young  Knowell  =  Dyer :  Wellbred  =  Mat- 
tocks: Downright  =  Walker,  his  1st  appearance 


28  C.G.  1762-1763. 

there :  Dame  Kitely  =  Mrs,  Ward :  Bridget  = 
Miss  Miller  :  Cob's  Wife  =  Mrs.  Pitt  -.—acted  about 
15  times. 

28.  Lethe.  Old  Man,  and  Lord  Chalkstone  = 
Shuter:  Fine  Gentleman  =  Woodward:  Fine  Lady 
=  Mrs.  Green. 

Nov.  1.  Orphan.  Acasto  =  Walker  :  Serena  = 
Miss  Hallam. 

3.  As  you  like  it.    Touchstone  =  Shuter  :  Orlando 

—  Smith:     Jaques   =    Sparks:    Rosalind   =  Miss 
Mackliri. 

4.  By  Command.     Every  Man  in  his  Humour. 

5.  Tamerlane  =  Ross:  Bajazet^  Smith,  1st  time: 
Moneses  =  Dyer :  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Ward:    Selima  = 
Miss  Hallam. 

8.  Jealous  Wife 9.  Miser. 

11.  Stratagem.      Foigard   =    Barrington :    Mrs. 
Sullen  =  Mrs.  Ward. 

12.  Busy  Body,  with  Miss  in  her  Teens.     Fribble 
=  Shuter:  Flash  =  Woodward  :  Miss  Biddy  =  Miss 
Elliot. 

15.  Not  acted  20  years,  Royal  Convert.     Hengist 
=  Smith  :  Aribert  =  Ross  :  Seofrid  =  Sparks:  Offa 

—  Clarke  :  Rodogune  =  Mrs.   Ward  :    Ethelinda  = 
Miss  Macklin  : — with  Citizen.     Old  Philpot  =  Shu- 
ter :  Young   Philpot  =  Woodward  :    Maria  =  Miss 
Elliot : — see  D,  L.  July  2   176! — Citizen  was  fre- 
quently acted Royal  Convert  was  acted  7  times. 

16.  Provoked   Husband.      Manly  =  Clarke,   1st 
time  :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Ward  :    Lady  Grace  = 
Miss  Macklin,  1st  time. 

22.  Conscious  Lovers.     Indiana  =  Miss  Macklin. 


c.  G.  1762-1763.  29 

24.  Busy  Body.     By  particular  desire  Woodward 
will  speak  the  occasional  Prologue. 
26.  Richard  3d,  and  Coronation. 

29.  Not  acted  20  years,  (acted  April  1  1746)  All's 
well  that  ends  well.    Parolles  =  Woodward  :    Ber- 
tram =  Ross  :  King  of  France  =  Walker  :  Lafeu  = 
Gibson  :  Clown  =  Shuter  :   Helena  =  Miss  Mackliri : 
Countess  of  RousillonnMrs.  Ward  :  Diana  =  Mies 
If al lain  : — with  Dragon  of  Wantley — acted  6  times. 

30.  Earl  of  Essex.     Burleigh  =  Walker  :    Queen 
=  Mrs.  Ward,  1st  time  :  Rutland  =  Miss  Macklin. 

Dec.  4.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier  —  Ross : 
Pierre  =  Gentleman,  his  1st  appearance  on  any 
stage  :  Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Ward. 

8.  Never  acted,  Love  in  a  Village.  Justice  Wood- 
cock =  Shuter:  Hawthorn  =  Beard  :  Young  Mea- 
dows =  Mattocks  :  Hodge  =  Dunstall :  Eustace  = 
Dyer:  Sir  William  Meadows  =  Colli ns  :  Rosetta  = 
Miss  Brent :  Deborah  Woodcock  =  Mrs.  Walker : 
Margery  =  Miss  Davies  :  Lucinda  =  Miss  Hal  lain  : — 
the  Dramatic  Censor  speaks  highly  of  Shuter*s  acting 
in  the  Justice — Bickerstaff  has  prefixed  to  this  Opera 
the  following  advertisement — "  It  may  not  be  impro- 
"  per  to  inform  the  readers  that  there  is  an  incident 
"  or  two,  which  bear  some  resemblance  to  what  may 

"  be  found  in  the  Village  Opera" this  is  almost 

worse  than  a  direct  lie,  as  with  an  appearance  of 
candour  it  is  equally  meant  to  deceive — by  far  the 
greater  part  of  Love  in  a  Village  is  taken  from  the 
Village  Opera — Hawthorn  is  substituted  for  Lucas 
the  old  Gardener  — Eustace's  passing  himself  off  for 
a  Music  Master,  and  the  character  of  Deborah  Wood- 
cock are  borrowed  from  Wycherley^s  Gentleman 


30  c.  G.    1762-1763. 

Dancing  Master — A  print  of  Shuter,  Beard  and 
Dunstall  in  this  Opera  was  published  in  1768  from 
a  painting  by  Zoffany. 

27-  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife.      Col.  Feignwell  = 

Woodward  :  Obediah  Prim  =  Gibson  :  Periwinkle  = 

Sh titer  :   Sir  Philip  Modelove  =  Dyer  :  Anne  Lovely 

=  Miss  Macklin  :    Mrs.   Prim  =  Mrs.  Pitt.     (Bills 

from  B.  M.) 

Jan.  8.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Clodio  =  Wood  ward: 
Carlos  —  Ross  :  Don  Choleric  =  Shuter  :  Angelina  = 
Miss  Hal  lam. 

12.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour.  Brain  worm  = 
Dunstall :  Justice  Clement  =  Marten. 

24.  Romeo  and  Juliet.  Romeo  =  Ross:  Mercutio 
=  Woodward  :  Capulet  =  Sparks  :  Juliet  =  Miss 
Macklin  :  Nurse  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

28.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Woodward, 
1st  time  :  Constant  =  Ross  :  Heartfree  =  Smith  : 
Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Vincent:  Belinda  =  Miss 
Hallam  :  Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Ward. 

Feb.  1.  Inconstant.  Young  Mirabel  =  Smith  : 
Old  Mirabel  =  Shuter :  Duretete  =  Woodward  : 
Bisarre=Miss  Elliot,  1st  time :  Oriana=Mrs.  Vincent. 

3.  Recruiting  Officer.  Balance  =.  Sparks  :  Sylvia 
=  Miss  Hallarn. 

14.  Not  acted  9  years,  Love's  last  Shift.  Sir 
Novelty  Fashion  =  Woodward  :  Loveless  =  Ross,  1st 
time  :  Elder  Worthy  =  Clarke  :  Younger  Worthy  = 
Dyer  :  Sir  William  Wise\vou'd=:  Dunstall :  Snapir 
Shuter  :  Amanda  =  Mrs.  Ward  :  Narcissa  =  Miss 
Hallam  :  Hillaria  =  Mrs.  Dyer  :  Mrs.  Flareit  =  Mrs. 
Green  :  —  with  Apprentice.  Dick  =  Woodward  : 
Wirigate  =  Dunstall. 


c.  c.   17<JiM7()3.  31 

24.  Artaxerxes— this  was  no  doubt  the  night  of  the 
riot,  as  there  was  no  play  till  March  3  or  5. 

Tho'  Fitzpatrick's  malice  was  principally  levelled 
at  Garrick,  yet  as  he  professed  to  be  engaged  in  a 
public  cause,  he  thought  it  would  appear  too  partial, 
if  he  did  not  oblige  Heard  to  comply  with  the  regu- 
lations he  had  imposed  on  Garrick  ;  he  proceeded 
therefore  with  his  associates  to  C.  G. — where  a  simi- 
lar scene  of  riot  ensued  ;  when  equal  or  greater 
damages  were  done  to  the  theatre  —  Beard  being  de- 
termined to  defend  his  property  by  legal  measures, 
took  care  to  fix  on  some  of  the  rioters,  and  obtained 
a  warrant  for  them  to  appear  before  the  Chief  Justice 
— Fitzpatrick  was  seriously  alarmed  by  the  rebuke 
of  Lord  Mansfield,  who  told  him  solemnly,  that  if  a 
life  was  lost  in  this  tumultuous  contest,  he  would  be 
answerable  for  it  with  his  own  —intimidated  by  this 
threat,  and  yet  determined  to  persevere  in  the  cause 
Ln  which  they  were  engaged,  the  rioters  changed  their 
mode  of  attack  and  contented  themselves  with  inter- 
rupting the  play  by  laughing,  hissing  and  such  like 
practices  —  till  Beard  finding  it  impossible  to  keep 
open  the  doors  of  the  theatre  to  any  purpose,  with- 
out submitting,  at  last  complied,  and  peace  was 
restored. 

Thus  ended  this  formidable  riot — the  Public  gained, 
by  the  victory  of  Fitzpatrick  and  his  friends,  the 
wonderful  privilege  of  seeing  2  acts  of  a  play  at  half- 
price  ;  and  the  exaltation  of  Pantomime  to  a  rank 
superiour  to  Tragedy  and  Comedy.  (Davies.) 

The  whole  History  of  the  Stage  probably  cannot 
furnish  one  single  instance  of  a  riot  carried  to  a 
serious  height,  in  which  the  rioters  were  not  to  blame 


32  c.  G.   1762-1763. 

— even  supposing  Fitzpatrick  and  his  associates  were 
justifiable  in  making  the  demand  they  did,  yet  they 
certainly  had  no  right  to  demolish  the  theatres. 

March  15.  Woodward's  bt.  Every  Man  in  his 
Humour,  and  Apprentice. 

17.  Smith's  bt.     Busy  Body,  with  Citizen.     Sir 
Jasper  Wilding  =  Dunstall :  Young  Wilding  =  Dyer. 

19.  Mrs.  Ward's  bt.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Louisa 
—  Mrs.  Ward. 

21.  Shuter's  bt.     She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not. 
Trappanti  —  Woodward  :    Don   Manuel  =  Shuter  : 
Don  Philip  =  Ross  :  Soto  =  Dunstall  :  Hypolita=: 
Miss  Macklin  :  Flora  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Viletta=  Mrs. 
Pitt:  Rosara=  Miss  Hallam. 

April  11.  Jovial  Crew. 

12.  Miss  Macklin's  bt.  Refusal.  Granger  = 
White:  Witling  =  Woodward  :  — rest  as  Jan.  2  176! 
— with  Love  a-la-Mode.  Squire  Groom  =  Wood- 
ward :  Sir  Callaghanzz  £huter  : — see  Dec.  19  1760. 

15.  Constant  Couple.     Sir  Harry  Wildair  =  Wood- 
ward :  Standard  —  Clarke  :  Beau  Clincher  =  Shuter  : 
Smuggler  =  Stamper,  his  1st  appearance  there  :  (see 
Irish  Stage  1755-1756)  Vizard=  Hull  :  Angelica^ 
Miss  Hallam. 

16.  Miss  Elliot's  bt.      Careless  Husband.     Lady 
Betty  Modish  =  Miss  Elliot,  1st  time  :  Edging  =  Mrs. 
Green  :— with  Citizen. 

18.  DunstalPs  bt.     Beggar's  Opera.     Macheathzz 
Beard:  Peachum  =  Shuter  :  Lockit  =  Dunstall. 

22.  Miss  Hallam  acted  the  Lady  in   Com  us  for 
her  bt. 

25.  Not  acted  10  years,  Relapse.  Lord  Fopping- 
ton  =  Woodward  :  Loveless  =  Smith  :  Young  Fashion 


C.G.    1762-17G3.  33 

=  Dyer:  Lory  =  Cushing  :  Berinthia^Miss  Elliot: 
Amanda  =  Mrs.  Vincent:  Miss  Hoy  derm:  Miss  Hal- 
lam  :  Nurse  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

26.  For  bt.  of  Miss  Catley,  and  Hull.  Love  makes 
a  Man.  Carlos  =  Hull,  1st  time :— with  Thomas  and 
Sally.  Sally  =  Miss  Catley. 

May  — .  For  bt.  of  3  persons.  Pilgrim.  Stutter- 
ing Cook  (for  that  night  only)  =  Woodward  : — with 
Intriguing  Chambermaid.  Goodall  —  Dunstall. 

18.  Hamlet  =  Ross:  King  =  Walker  :  Polonius  = 
Stamper:  Osrick  =  Dyer:  Ophelia  =  Miss  Macklin. 

28.  Love  in  a  Village,  40th  time— last  play.  (Bills 
from  Mr.  Field  and  B.  M.y 

Collins  seems  not  to  have  acted  after  April  19, 
when  Bennet  played  his  part  in  Love  in  a  Village. 

In  the  London  Magazine  for  March  there  is  an 
occasional  Prologue  spoken  by  Woodward,  for  his 
benefit,  as  Bobadill  —  seemingly  in  answer  to  the 
Rosciad. 

W.  Shirley  began  his  Electra  in  1744,  and  finished 
it  in  the  following  spring,  but  on  the  breaking  out  of 
the  rebellion  he  laid  it  aside,  as  the  production  of  it 
at  that  time  would  have  been  improper — it  was  ac- 
cepted by  Beard  in  1762-1763,  and  put  into  rehearsal 
— but  it  was  refused  a  license  by  two  successive  Lord 
Chamberlains — he  requested  to  know  the  cause  of 
this  refusal,  but  was  told  that  the  office  never  assigned 
reasons  for  their  refusal  of  a  license  —in  1765  Shirley 
published  his  T.  with  a  dedication  to  Lord  Chester- 
field, who  had  with  so  much  propriety  opposed  the 
licensing  act — this  play  seems  quite  inoffensive — it  is 
founded  on  the  Electra  of  Sophocles,  but  the  plot  is 
materially  altered  for  the  worse. 

VOL.    V.  D 


34  HAY.  1763. 


HAY.  1763, 

Foote  opened  in  June  with  the  Minor — Smirk  and 
Mrs.  Cole  =  Foote:  Shift  and  Dr.  Squintum  =  Wil- 
kinson : — his  Imitations  were  extravagantly  well  re- 
ceived, and  repeated  several  nights. 

July — .  Never  acted,  Mayor  of  Garratt.  Major  Stur- 
geon and  Matthew  Mug  =  Foote:  Jerry  Sneak  = 
Weston  :  Sir  Jacob  Jollup  =  Hayes  :  Primer  =  Wil- 
kinson :  Heeltap  =  Johnson  :  Bruin  =  Davis :  Mrs. 
Sneak  =  Mrs.  Daly:  Mrs.  Bruin  =  Mrs.  Osborne  : 
(London  Mag.*)— this  piece  had  great  success,  and  a 
run  of  almost  every  night  in  the  season — it  met  with 
some  opposition,  which  only  gave  a  whet  to  the  appe- 
tite of  those,  who  chose  to  approve  and  support  it — 
Foote  had  engaged  Wilkinson  chiefly  with  a  view  to 
his  acting  of  Peter  Primer  in  this  Farce — a  part 
written  to  ridicule  Sheridan — some  Comic  verses 
about  Nancy  Dawson  were  spoken  seriously  by  Wil- 
kinson with  the  exact  tone  and  manner  of  Sheridan, 
which  had  an  admirable  force  on  the  risibility  of  a 
well-pleased  audience.  (  Wilkinson.*) 

The  Mayor  <  f  Garratt  is  an  excellent  Farce — I 
believe  Matthe  v  Mug  was  meant  to  ridicule  the  Duke 
of  Newcastle  —  the  characters  of  Jerry  and  Mrs. 
Sneak,  Bruin  and  Mrs.  Bruin,  are  taken  from  Epsom 
Wells — particularly  Jerry  Sneak's  looking  through 
the  keyhole  of  the  summer  house — Foote  was  a  con- 
siderable plagiary,  but  a  most  judicious  one. 

Weston  particularly  distinguished  himself  in  Jerry 
Sneak — tho*  Foote  expressed  infinite  humour  and 


D.  L.  1763-1764.  35 

discrimination  in  Major  Sturgeon,  yet  the  subdued 
hen-pecked  temper  of  Jerry,  which  was  so  visible  in 
every  feature  and  movement  of  Weston,  divided  the 
applause — in  short,  no  man  could  have  previously 
written  up  to  such  acting — it  was  one  of  those  lucky 
aids  which  authors  sometimes  receive  from  actors, 
when  the  pen  is  obliged  to  yield  to  the  superiour 
powers  of  personation  — Weston's  fame  being  thus 
established,  he  appeared  as  a  principal  in  most  of 
the  manager's  subsequent  pieces — Foote  accurately 
studied  the  force  of  Weston's  powers,  and  wrote  for 
them  ;  which  the  other  repaid  by  so  faithful  a  repre- 
sentation, as  to  produce  both  profit  and  reputation 
to  the  theatre.  (Cooked) 

There  is  a  fine  print  of  Foote  and  Hayes  in  Major 
Sturgeon  and  Sir  Jacob  Jollup  — it  is  taken  from  a 
painting  by  Zoffany. 


D.  L.  1763-1764. 

Garrick  had  long  meditated  a  journey  to  the  con- 
tinent, and  set  off  for  it  in  Sep. 

Sep.  20.  Hamlet  =  Holland  :  Ghost  =  Bransby: 
King  =  Love  :  Polonius  =  Baddeley,  1st  time  :  Ho- 
ratio =  Havard  :  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

22.  Stratagem.  Scrub  =  Yates  :  Foigard  =  Moody. 

24.  Careless  Husband.  Sir  Charles  Easy  =  Ha- 
vard :  Lord  Foppington  =  Obrien  :  Lord  Morelove  = 

D2 


36  D.  L.    1763-1764. 

Palmer  :  Lady  Betty  Modish  =  Mrs.  Palmer  :  Lady 
Easy  =.  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Lady  Graveairs  =  Mrs.  Ben- 
net:  Edging  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

27.  Tancred  and  Sigismunda.  Tancred  =  Holland  : 
SifFredi  —  Love  :  Osmond  z=  Ha vard  :  Sigismunda  = 
Mrs.  Palmer. 

Oct.  1.  Love  for  Love,  Valentine  =  Havard : 
Tattle  z=  Obrien  :  Ben  =  Yates  :  Foresight  =  Weston : 
Sir  Sampson  Legend  —  Burton  :  Scandal  =  Palmer  : 
Jeremy  =  King  :  Angelica  =  Miss  Haughton  :  Mrs. 
Frail  =.  Mrs.  Clive  :  Miss  Prue  — Miss  Cheney,  1st 
appearance: — she  was  afterwards  Mrs.  Gardner. 

8.  Philaster  revived.  Philaster  =  Powell,  his  1st 
appearance  on  any  stage  :  Pharamond  =  Lee  :  King 
n:Bransby  :  Dion— Burton  :  Old  Captain  =  Badde- 
ley  :  Countryman  —  Parsons  :  Euphrasia  (disguised 
as  Bellario)  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Arethusa  =  Miss  Bride  : 
Megra=  Mrs.  Lee  : — with,  not  acted  3  years,  Citizen. 
Old  Philpot  =  Baddeley:  Young  Philpot  =  King: 
Maria  =  Miss  Pope  : — Philaster  was  acted  16  times 
— Colman,  on  this  revival  of  Philaster,  wrote  a  good 
Prologue,  and  made  some  alterations  in  the  play — 
they  are  not  very  material,  and  on  the  whole  judi- 
cious— he  hesitated  about  the  1st  scene  of  the  3d 
act,  and  has  perhaps  determined  wrong  in  rejecting 
it — the  2d  act  is  altered  for  the  worse,  but  a  modern 
audience  would  not  have  suffered  it  in  its  original 
shape,  tho'  not  very  exceptionable — the  4th  act  is 
altered  much  for  the  better — Philaster  is  about  to 
wound  Arethusa,  but  is  prevented  by  the  countryman 
— Philaster  and  Bellario  are  taken  into  custody,  not 
for  the  deed,  but  for  the  attempt — Bellario  receives 


D.  L.  1763-1764-.  37 

his  wound  accidentally  by  interposing  between  Phi- 
laster and  the  countryman  while  they  are  fighting. 

Garrick  had  during  the  summer  instructed  Powell 
in  some  characters,  particularly  Philaster  and  Posthu- 
mus — Powell  did  not  disappoint  the  high  expectations 
his  friends  had  formed  of  him  ;  for  to  a  brilliant  and 
critical,  though  candid  audience,  he  gave  very  great 
satisfaction  and  pleasure — they  crowned  his  first  en- 
deavours repeatedly  with  loud  and  universal  approba- 
tion— his  Philaster  greatly  prepossessed  the  public  in 
his  favour — the  passions  were  touched  by  him  in 
their  genuine  arid  native  force,  without  laborious  art, 
or  theatrical  trick — he  soon  became  the  favourite  of 
the  town  to  such  a  degree  as  no  actor,  except  Barry, 
had  attained,  since  Garrick's  first  eclat — he  was  an 
enthusiast  in  acting;  he  loved  the  practice  of  his 
profession  to  such  an  extent  that  he  cared  not  what 
number  of  parts,  however  different  from  each  other, 
he  was  called  upon  to  represent — to  the  surprise  of 
every  body  he  acquitted  himself  handsomely,  tho*  not 
equally  in  everg.^haracter  that  he  attempted — had 
he  restrained  his  impetuosity  he  might  certainly  have 
been  twice  the  actor  he  was.  (JDavies.} 

Oct.  12.  Jealous  Wife.  Oakly  —  Holland,  1st  time. 

14.  Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry  Wildair  —  Obrien : 
Col.  Standard  =  Holland  :  Smuggler  =  Baddeley.  F. 

17.  Earl  of  Essex,  with,  never  acted,  Love  at  first 
Sight.  Smatter  =  King  :  Young  Gilbert  (bis  master) 
=  Vernon  :  Lockworth  =  Baddeley  :  Modely  = 
Packer  :  Sir  Ralph  (father  to  Young  Gilbert)  =  Bur- 
ton :  Celia  (daughter  to  Lockworth)  —  Miss  Young : 
Lucy  (her  maid)  =  Mrs.  Lee  : — Young  Gilbert  and 
Celia  fall  mutually  in  Love  at  first  Sight — Young 


38  D.  L.    1763-1764. 

Gilbert  had  taken  the  name  of  Heartly — he  visits 
Celia  in  the  disguise  of  a  language-master — Celia 
informs  him  by  letter  that  her  father  has  been  re- 
commended to  marry  her  to  Young  Gilbert — as  it  is 
impossible  for  Young  Gilbert  to  be  seen  by  Lock- 
worth  a  second  time,  without  a  discovery  of  the 
trick  which  he  had  played,  Smatter  assumes  the 
name  and  dress  of  his  master — Modely  pretends  to 
be  Sir  Ralph  Gilbert — Young  Gilbert  marries  Celia 
— Sir  Ralph  Gilbert  arrives  in  town — an  explana- 
tion takes  places  between  him  and  Lock  worth  to 
their  mutual  satisfaction — Smatter  marries  Lucy — 
this  is  a  moderate  Farce,  with  songs,  by  King,  the 
actor — he  says  in  his  short  preface,  that  it  was  con- 
ceived, written,  and  delivered  to  the  managers  within 
15  days. 

19.  Not  acted  5  years,  Twelfth  Night.  Malvolio  = 
Yates  :  Sir  Andrew  Aguecheek  —  Obrien  :  Sir  Toby 
Belch  —  Love  :  Orsino  =  Packer ;  Sebastian  =  Pal- 
mer :  Viola  =:  Miss  Plym,  her  1st  appearance  there  : 
Olivia  =:  M  iss  Kaughton  :  Maria  —  Mrs.  Lee: — Mr. 
Field's  bill  represents  Mrs.  Yates  and  Miss  Pope  as 
acting  Olivia  and  Maria— but  it  is  probably  wrong — 
Mr.  Field's  bill  for  the  28th  has  Olivia  =  Miss  Haugh- 
ton  :  Maria  —  Mrs.  Lee. 

21.  All  in  the  Wrong.     Robert  =  Par  sons. 

24.  Richard  3d  =  Holland:  Queen  -  Mrs.  Prit- 
chard. 

Nov.  1.  Philaster,  llth  time,  with  Catharine  and 
Petruchio,  by  Mrs.  Clive,  arid  King. 

2.  Wonder.  Don  Felix  —  Obrien  :  Violante  = 
Mrs.  Yates. 

4.  Tamerlane  (as  before)  with,  never  acted,  Deuce 


D.  L.   1763-17(54.  SQ 

is  in  him.  Col.  Tamper  (in  love  with  Emily)  =. 
Obrien  :  Prattle  (a  chattering  apothecary)  =  King  : 
Major  Belforid  (in  love  with  Florival)  =  Packer : 
Emily  (in  love  with  Tamper)  =  Miss  Pope  :  Bell  (her 
sister)  =  Mrs.  Hopkins:  Mademoiselle  Florival  (in 
love  with  Belforid)  -  Miss  Plym  : — Col.  Tamper  en- 
tertains a  ridiculous  conceit  of  being  beloved  for  his 
own  sake  only— he  wishes  to  put  Emily's  affection 
for  him  to  the  test— for  this  purpose  he  pretends  to 
have  lost  an  eye  and  a  leg  at  the  siege  of  the  Ha- 
vannah — Emily  is  much  shocked  at  seeing  him  in 
such  a  condition  —  she  discovers  the  trick  which  had 
been  played  on  her — and  turns  the  tables  on  him— 
she  affects  to  be  fond  of  Florival,  who  is  dressed  as  a 
man — Col.  Tamper  is  so  provoked  that  he  resumes 
his  natural  manner — the  ladies  laugh  at  him — Major 
Belfond  enters,  and  sets  all  to  rights— this  is  an 
excellent  C.  in  2  acts  — Colman  says  that  he  founded 
it  on  two  of  Marmontel's  Tales— King  added  con- 
siderably to  his  reputation  by  his  acting  of  Prattle — 
he  had  a  peculiar  knack  of  uttering  words  (when  the 
part  required  it)  with  great  volubility  and  with  such 
perfect  articulation,  that  not  a  word  was  lost — Lewis 
afterwards  attempted  to  do  so,  but  was  often  indis- 
tinct. 

7.  Mourning  Bride.     Garcia  — Lee. 

8.  Confederacy.     Gripe  =  Love:  Araminta^Mrs. 
Davies  :  Mrs.  Amlet  —  Mrs.  Bradshaw  : — rest  as  Oct. 
27  1759. 

9.  Henry  4th,  part  1st.    Falstaff=Love  :  Hotspur 
=  Holland  :    King  ~  Havard  :   Prince  of  Wales  = 
Obrien,    1st  time:    Sir  Richard  Vern on  =  Jackson  : 


40  D.  L.    1763-1764. 

Glendower=:Lee:  Lady  Percy  =  Mrs.  Palmer  :  Hos- 
tess =  Mrs.  Bradshaw. 

10.  Stratagem.     Archer  =  Obrien. 

12.  Barbarossa— as  before. 

15.  Tempest.     Stephano   =   King:   Trinculo   = 
Yates  :   Caliban  =  Love. 

17.  Busy  Body.     Marplot  =  Obrien. 

19.  Miser.  Lovegold  =  Yates:  Frederick  =  Ha- 
vard :  Ramilie  =  King  :  Lappet  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Mari- 
ana—Miss Bride. 

21.  For  the  author  of  the  Farce.     Philaster,  and 
Deuce  is  in  him. 

22.  Venice  Preserved.    Jaffier  =  Powell,  1st  time: 
Pierre  =  Holland:  Priuli  =  Havard :  Belvidera  = 
Mrs.  Yates. 

23.  Midsummer    Night's     Dream.     Theseus   = 
Bransby  :  Egeus  =  Burton  :  Lysander  =  Vernon  : 
Demetrius  =  W.  Palmer  :  Quince  =  Love  :   Bottom 
=  Yates  :  Flute  =  Baddeley  :   Starveling  =  Parsons  : 
Hippolita  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Hermia  =  Miss  Young  : 
Helena  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Fairies  =  Master  Cape,&c. — 
this  piece  was  in  5  acts—it  was  acted  but  one  night 
— it  is  a  bad  alteration   of  the  original — nearly  the 
whole  of  the  Mock  Play  is  omitted,  and  Shakspeare's 
piece  is  turned  into  a  sort  of  Opera  with  33  songs — 
the   dialogue  is  in  general  judiciously  curtailed,  but 
some  few  lines  of  the  original,  which  are  omitted 
should  have  been  retained — Shakspeare  makes  his 
Athenians  talk  of  Diana's  nuns  arid  of  going  a  May- 
ing—it is  strange  that  the  person  who  altered  this 
play   should  not   have   omitted   two    such  palpable 
absurdities— the  alteration  was  attributed  originally 
to  Colman,  but  it  seems  that  it  was  made  by  Garrick, 


D.  L.   1763-1764.  41 

and  that  Colman  only  superintended  the  Rehearsals 
at  his  desire — see  B.  D. 

From  the  Latin  Princes  of  the  14th  Centu  y,  B  c- 
cace,  Chaucer,  and  Shakspeare  have  borrowed  their 
Theseus  Duke  of  Athens — an  ignorant  age  transfers 
its  own  language  and  manners  to  the  most  distant 
times  —(Gibbon) — the  making  of  the  Duke  of 
Athens  a  character  in  Edward  the  Black  Prince  is 
perfectly  correct,  Walter  de  Brienne,  the  titular  Duke 
of  Athens  and  Constable  of  France,  lost  his  life  in  the 
field  of  Poictiers — see  Gibbon — end  of  Chapter  62. 

25.  Romeo  and  Juliet. 

26.  Jealous  Wife,  with  Fairy  Tale — this  was  Mid- 
summer Night's  Dream  cut  down  to  an  afterpiece  — 
Theseus,  and  all  the  serious  characters  were  omitted. 

29.  Macbeth  =  Holland. 

30.  Earl  of  Essex,  with,  never  acted  there,  Mayor 
of  Garratt.     Major  Sturgeon  —  Foote  :  Jerry  Sneak 
=  Weston  :  Sir  Jacob  Jollup  =  Baddeley  :  Bruin  = 
Moody:  Mug  =  Foote:  Mrs.  Srieak  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

Dec.  1.  Cymbeline.  Posthumus  =  Powell,  1st  time. 
5.  Spanish  Fryar.     Gomez  =  Foote. 

9.  For  the  author  of  the  Farce.     Tempest,   with 
Mayor  of  Garratt. 

10.  Never  acted,   The  Dupe.     Sir  John  Woodall 
=  Yates:  Sharply  =  King :  Friendly  =  Havard  :  Well- 
ford  (in  love  with  Emily)  =  Packer  :  Mrs.  Etherdown 
=  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Mrs.  Friendly  (a  great  talker)  = 
Mrs.  Clive  :  Emily  (niece  to  Sir  John — in  love  with 
Wellford)  =  Mrs.  Palmer  :  Rose  (woman  to  Mrs. 
Etherdown)  =  Mrs.  Lee  : — Sir  John  is  an  old  debau- 
chee, who  piques  himself  on  his  sagacity,  and  who  is 
rather  pleased  than  displeased  with  any  allusion  to 


42  D.  L.   1763-1764. 

his  vices — he  had  kept  Mrs.  Etherdown  for  some 
time,  and  was  at  last  prevailed  on  to  marry  her — he 
had  taken  care  to  have  the  ceremony  performed  in 
such  a  manner  that  she  could  riot  prove  her  marriage 
— Sir  John  had  been  detained  at  a  friend's  house  by 
a  fit  of  the  gout — Mrs.  Etherdown,  during  his  absence 
pretended  to  be  brought  to  bed  of  a  son — Sharply  is 
her  confederate,  whom  she  had  introduced  to  Sir 
John  as  her  brother — in  his  scenes  with  Sir  John  he 
pretends  to  be  a  fool— he  wants  to  marry  Emily  in 
the  hopes  of  her  succeeding  to  Sir  John's  property — 
Mrs.  Etherdown  wants  him  to  seduce  her — he  de- 
coys her  to  Mrs  Private's — Rose  is  fond  of  Sharply 
— she  overhears  the  conversation  between  Mrs.  Ether- 
down  and  Sharply — from  motives  of  jealousy,  she 
informs  Friendly  that  Sharply  had  carried  off  Emily 
— Friendly  rescues  her — Sir  John  is  so  irritated  with 
Friendly's  remarks  that  he  acknowledges  his  mar- 
riage— Mrs.  Etherdown  now  assumes  her  real  cha- 
racter— she  treats  Sir  John  with  insolence,  and  sets 
him  at  defiance — Friendly  lets  Sir  John  into  the 
knowledge  of  Mrs.  Etherdown's  secret  practices, 
which  he  had  learnt  from  Rose  and  Sharply — Sir 
John,  in  the  last  scene,  acknowledges  that  he  has 
been  made  a  Dupe — he  gives  his  niece  to  Wellford 
— this  C.  was  acted  but  3  times,  it  is  in  some  parts 
a  little  dull  for  want  of  incident,  but  on  the  whole  it 
is  a  good  play— it  certainly  deserved  a  better  fate — 
Mrs.  Friendly  in  the  hands  of  Mrs.  Clive  must  have 
been  an  excellent  character — Victor  foretold  to  Mrs. 
Sheridan,  that  her  play  would  be  disliked,  but  he  did 
not  expect,  that  it  would  have  been  treated  with 
such  ill-nature  as  it  was. 


D.  L.   17C3- 17(54.  43 

14.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil  =  Holland  : 
Tom  =  Obrien :  Myrtle  =  Palmer :  Cimberton  = 
Love:  Sealand  —  Havard :  Indiana  =  Mrs.  Yates,  1st 
time:  Philh's  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

17.  Alchemist.  AbelDruggenzWeston,  1st  time: 
Kastril  =  King  :  Dol  Common  =  Mrs.  Lee  :— the  au- 
thor of  Theatrical  Biography  in  1772  says—"  Im- 
"  agination  cannot  form  a  more  natural  mixture  of 
"  pusillanimity  and  consternation,  than  Weston  shows 
"  in  Abel  Drugger  on  the  breaking  of  the  phial— 
"  other  actors  would  have  only  made  you  laugh  under 
"  the  same  circumstances,  but  his  powers  do  more, 
"  they  oblige  you  to  pity  him  ;  nor  is  there  a  moment, 
"  whilst  he  is  on  the  stage  in  this  character,  in  which 
"  you  do  not  forget  it  is  fictitious ." 

26.  London  Merchant.     Thorowgood  =.  Love. 

28.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife.  Col.  Feignwell  - 
King :  Obediah  Prim  =  Moody  :  Periwinkle  =  Par- 
sons :  Sir  Philip  Modelove  =  Baddeley  :  Tradelove  = 
Burton  :  Simon  Pure  =  Vaughan  :  Anne  Lovely  =. 
Miss  Haughtori :  Mrs.  Prim  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw. 

Jan.  3.  Way  to  keep  him.  Lovemore  =  Holland, 
1st  time:  Widow  Belmour  =  Miss  Pope. 

4.  Merry  Wives.  FalstafF^  Love  :  Ford  =  Havard : 
Sir  Hugh  Evans  =  Yates  :  Dr.  Caius  =  Baddeley  : 
Slender  — Obrien  :  Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

7.  Zara.  Lusignan  =  Powell,  1st  time:  Zara  = 
Mrs.  Yates. 

9.  Way  of  the  World.  Mirabell  =  Palmer :  Fain- 
all  =  Havard  :  Witwoud  =  Obrien  :  Sir  Wilful  Wit- 
woud  =  Yates  :  Millamant  =  Mrs.  Pritchard:  Mrs. 
Marwood  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Lady  Wishfort :  Mrs. 
Clive:  Foible  =  Mrs.  Bennett. 


44  D.  L.  1763-1764. 

IS.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  =  Palmer  :  Brazen 
=  Obrien  :  Kite  =  Bransby :  "  Balance  =  Havard  : 
Worthy  =  Lee  :  Bullock  =  Moody  :  Recruits  =  Yates, 
and  Parsons:  Syl  via  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Melinda  =  Mrs. 
Da  vies  :  Rose  =  Miss  Cheney. 

14.  Mistake.     Don  Carlos  =  Holland,  1st  time. 

18.  Henry  4th  part  2d.  Falstaif  =  Love :  King 
=  Powell,  1st  time :  Prince  of  Wales  =  Holland : 
Archbishop  of  York  =.  Havard :  Shallow  =  Yates : 
Pistol  =  King :  Hostess  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw :  Dol  Tear- 
sheet  =  Mrs.  Lee. 

23.  Drummer — as  before. 

25.  Suspicious  Husband.  Ranger  =  Obrien,  1st 
time  :  Jack  Meggot  =  Vernon  :  Clarinda  =  Mrs. 
Yates  :  Jacintha  =  Miss  Plym,  1st  time. 

27.  Much  ado.  Benedick  =  Obrien,  1st  time  : 
Beatrice^Miss  Pope. 

Feb.  9.  Spanish  Fryar.  Dominic  =  Love  :  Gomez 
=  Yates  :  Torrismond  =  Holland  :  Bertran  =  Lee  : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Elvira  =  Miss  Pope. 

14.  Orphan.  Castalio  =  Powell,  1st  time:  Cha- 
mont  =  Holland  :  Polydore  =  Jackson,  1st  time  : 
Chaplain  =  Love  :  Monimia  —  Mrs.  Yates. 

18.  Funeral.  Lord  Hardy  =  Holland:  Trim  = 
Yates:  Campley=  Obrien  :  Lady  Brumpton  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard  :  Lady  Harriet  — Miss  Bride  :  Lady  Char- 
lot  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

21.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Clodio  =  Obrien  :  Carlos 
=  Holland  :  Don  Choleric  =  Yates  :  Angelina  = 
Miss  Plym,  1st  time:  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Hopkins: 
Louisa^ Mrs.  Lee. 

23.    Constant   Couple.      Clincher  Jun.  =  King : 


D.  L.  1763-1764.  45 

Lady  Lurevvell  —  Mrs.  Yates :  Angelica  =  Miss 
Bride.  F. 

24.  Never  acted,  Royal  Shepherd.  Alexander 
(King  of  Macedon)  =  Champnes  :  Amintas  (in  love 
with  Eliza)  =  Vernon  :  Agenor  (in  love  with  Tharai- 
ris)  =  Mrs.  Dorman  :  Eliza  (in  love  with  Amintas)  = 
Signora  Cremoriini  :  Tharniris  (in  love  with  Agenor) 
=  Miss  Young:  Camilla  =  Miss  Wright: — acted  9 
times — Alexander  had  taken  Sidon — he  bestows  the 
kingdom  on  Amintas,  who  was  heir  to  the  crown, 
but  who  had  been  brought  up  as  a  Shepherd — Alex- 
ander at  first  wishes  Amintas  to  marry  Thamiris  the 
daughter  of  the  late  King,  but  on  finding  that  Amin- 
tas is  firmly  attached  to  Eliza,  he  consents  to  their 
union  —  Agenor  marries  Thamiris  —  this  serious 
Opera  is  a  poor  piece — Rolt  is  said  to  have  taken  it 
from  Metastasio — in  the  argument  prefixed  to  it  we 
are  referred  to  Quintus  Curtius  book  4  chapter  10 — 
in  the  B.  D.  we  are  referred  to  the  3d  and  4th  chap- 
ters— the  story,  on  which  Metastasio  has  founded  his 

Opera,  is  in  the  first  chapter  of  the  4th  book 

Alexander  took  Sidon,  and  deposed  Strato,  the  King 
of  that  city — not  because  he  was  a  tyrant,  as  Metas- 
tasio calls  him,  but  simply  because  he  was  a  friend 
to  Darius — he  gave  the  crown  to  Abdolomiuus, 
who  was  descended  from  the  royal  family,  but  who 
maintained  himself  by  working  with  his  own  hands 
in  a  garden. 

March  3.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  Townly  = 
Powell,  1st  time:  Sir  Francis  Wronghead  =  Yates: 
Manly  =  Havard  :  Squire  Richard  =  Master  Burton  : 
Count  Basset  =  Castle :  Lady  Townly  •=.  Mrs.  Yates  : 


46  D.  L.  1703-1764. 

Lady  Wronghead  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Lady  Grace  = 
Miss  Plym  :  Miss  Jenny  i=  Miss  Pope. 

20.  Mrs  Pritchard's  bt.  Not  acted  20  years,  Rival 
Queens.  Alexander  =  Powell :  Clytus  =  Love  :  Ly- 
simachus  =  Jackson  :  H  ephestion  —  Packer  :  Cassan- 
der  =  Havard  :  Aristander  =  Baddeley  :  Statira  = 
Mrs.  Palmer  :  Roxana  —  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

24.  Mrs.  dive's  bt.  Tunbridge  Walks.  Reynard 
=  Palmer  :  Woodcock  =  Love  :  Maiden  =  Obrien  : 
Squib  =  King  :  Hillaria  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Belinda  =  Mrs. 
Palmer  — with  High  Life. 

26.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Yates.     Cymbeline.     Imogen 
(for  that  night  only)  =  Mrs.  Yates  : — with  the  Coun- 
terfeits— taken   from    Gil  Bias — this  Farce   is   not 
printed — the  names  of  the  actors  only  were  in   the 
bill — the  cast  was  perhaps — Gil  Bias  =  Yates  :    Don 
Lewis  =  Palmer  :  Melchior  =  Baddeley  :    Aurora  = 
Miss  Plym  :  Laura  =  Mrs.  Lee:    Bernarda  =  Mrs- 
Bradshaw  :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Bennet. 

27.  Holland's   bt.   Not    acted   5    years,    Roman 
Father.     Horati us  =  Holland,  1st  time:    Publius  = 
Powell,  1st  time  :  Tullus  Hostilius  =  Burton  :  Vale- 
rius—  Packer:     Horatia  =  Mrs.   Yates,    1st   time: 
Valeria^ Mrs.  Davies  : — with  Guardian  by  Holland, 
1st  time. 

29.  Obrien's  bt.  Way  to  keep  him.  Lovemore  = 
Obrien,  1st  time  : — with  Edgar  and  Emmeline. 

31.  Powell's  bt.  Othello.  Oth;  llo  =  Powell,  1st 
time  :  lago  =  Havard  :  Cassio  =  Palmer :  Roderigo 
zzKing,  1st  time  :  Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Yates,  1st 
time:  ^Emilia  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

April   2.    For   bt.   of  Yates.     Orphan    of  China. 


D.  L.  1763-1764.  4,7 

Zamti  —  Holland  :  Etan  =  Powell  :  Hamet  =  Jackson  : 
Timurkan  =  Havard  :  Mirvan  =  Love:  Mandane  = 
Mrs.  Yates : — with  l.ethe.  Lord  Chalkstone  — 
Yates,  1st  time  :  Fine  Gentleman  —  Obrien  :  Fine 
Lady  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

3.  King's  bt.  Provoked  Husband.  Count  Basset 
=  King  :  Squire  Richard  =  Obrien,  1st  time  : — with 
Musical  Lady.  r.  b. 

7-  Ha vard's  bt.  Orphan.     Acasto  =  Havard. 

9.  Mrs.  Palmer's  bt.     Rival  Queens. 

10.  Miss  Pope's  bt.  Not  acted  16  years,  Foundling. 
Young  Belmont  =  Lee :  Faddle  =  King :  Sir  Charles 
Raymond  =  Powell  :  Sir  Roger   Belmont  =  Yates  : 
Col.  Raymond  =  Packer  :    Rosetta  =  Miss   Pope  : 
Fidelia=:  Mrs.  Palmer. 

12.  Love's  bt.  Jane  Shore.  Hastings  =  Holland  : 
Shore  =  Powell,  1st  time  :  Gloster  —  Love  :  Alicia  = 
Mrs.  Palmer,  1st  time  :  Jane  Shore  =Mrs.  Davies  : 
— with  Register  Office.  Le  Brush  =  King :  Gul- 
well  =  Packer :  Margery  =  Mrs.  Love. 

14.  Vernon's  bt.  Othello.  Roderigo  =  Vernori, 
1st  time:  Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Davies: — with  Lying 
Valet  by  Vernon. 

24.  Palmer's  bt.  Rule  a  Wife.     Leon  =  Powell, 
1st  time. 

25.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Davies.     Oroonoko  =  Powell, 
1st  time  :  Aboan  =  Havard,  1st  time  :    Blandford  = 
Palmer  :  Imoinda  =  Mrs.  Davies  : — with  High  Life. 
Lovel  =  King. 

26.  Orphan  of  China.     Mandane  =  Mrs.  Hopkins, 
1st  time  : — Mrs.  Yates  seems  to  have  been  ill. 

27.  Cymbeline.     Imogen  =  Mrs.  Palmer,  1st  time  : 


48  D.  L.  1763-1764. 

— with  Contrivances.     Argus  =  Parsons  :    Rovewell 
=  Vernon. 

28.  Miss  Wright's  bt.  Othello.  Iago  =  King,  1st 
time:  (he  had  acted  the  part  in  Ireland)  Desde- 
mona  =  Mrs.  Davies  : —  with  Thomas  and  Sally. 
Sally  =  Miss  Wright. 

30.  Orphan.     Monimia  =  Mrs.  Palmer. 

May  1.  Provoked  Husband.  Lady  Townly  = 
Mrs.  Palmer. 

2.  Philaster.     Euphrasia  =  Miss  Plym,  1st  time. 

4.  Venice  Preserved.      Belvidera  =  Mrs.    Ward 
from  C.  G. 

5.  Jackson's  bt.  Orphan  of  China.     Mandane  = 
Mrs.  Hopkins. 

7.  Tunbridge  Walks.    Maiden  =  Weston,  1  st  time. 

8.  Roman  Father.     Horatia  =  Mrs.  Palmer. 

9.  For  the  bt.  of  Lee,  and  Evans,   Sub-treasurer. 
Oroonoko.     Aboan  =  Lee  :  Irnoinda  =  Mrs.  Palmer. 

10.  For  bt.  of  Baddeley,  and   Ackman.     Richard 
3d.     Henry  6th  =  Powell,    1st   time,    and   for  that 
night  only. 

11.  For  bt.  of  Moody  and  Westori.     Cymbeline. 
Imogen  =  Mrs.  Palmer  .-—with,  not  acted  20  years, 
Stage    Coach.      Nicodemus    Somebody  =  Weston  : 
Macahone  =  Moody  :  Jolt  =  Love  :  Fetch  —  Parsons. 

16.  For  bt.  of  First  Gallery  keeper.  Hamlet  = 
Holland  :  Ghost  =  Powell,  1st  time  :  Polonius  = 
Baddeley. 

21.  For  bt.  of  Palmer,  Pitt  doorkeeper,  and 
Roberts,  Box  lobby  doorkeeper.  Romeo  and  Juliet 
by  Holland  and  Mrs.  Palmer: — with  Apprentice. 
Dick  =  J.  Palmer,  1st  time:  Wingate  =  Dunstall 
from  C.  G. 


D.  L.  1763-1764.  49 

22.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife.      Anne   Lovely  = 
Miss  Plym,  1st  time  : — with  Lying  Valet  =  Weston, 
1st  time. 

23.  For  the  Fairies  in   the   Fairy   Tale.      Rival 

Queens Fairy    Tale    had    been    acted   several 

times. 

29.  Provoked  Husband.  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs. 
Yates  : — last  play. 

The  bills  for  this  season  are  from  Mr.  Field  and 
B.  M. — Dr.  Barney's  bills  are  more  correct  than 
Mr.  Field's  ;  as  the  latter  do  not  notice  benefits,  and 
seldom  notice  the  1st  appearance  of  a  performer  in 
a  particular  part — Dr.  Burney's  bills  were  taken 
from  the  Public  Advertiser,  and  Mr.  Field's  pro- 
bably from  some  other  paper — see  Jan.  1  1765. 

Powell  acted  Philaster  16  times  —  Jaffier  7 — 
Posthumus  11 — Lusignan  4 — Henry  4th  3 — Cas- 
talio  6 — Lord  Townly  7 — Alexander  4  or  5 — Pub- 
lius  2— Othello  3— Etan  3— Sir  Charles  Raymond 
1 — Shore  2 — Leon  2 — Oroonoko  2 — Henry  6th  1 — 
Ghost  1. 

Miss  Haughton  and  Miss  Bride  did  not  act  after 
this  season. 

William  Obrien  left  the  stage  in  consequence  of 

having  married  the  Earl  of  Ilchester's  daughter 

In  The  Dialogue  in  the  Shades,  Mrs.  Cibber  says  to 
Mrs.  Woffington — "  The  only  performers  of  any 
"  eminence,  that  have  made  their  appearance  since 
"  your  departure,  are  Obrien  and  Powell ;  the  first 
"  was  a  very  promising  comedian  in  Woodward's 
"  walk,  and  was  much  caressed  by  the  nobility — but 
"  this  apparent  good  fortune  was  his  ruin ;  for  having 
"  married  a  young  lady  of  family,  without  her  rela- 

VOL.  V.  E 


50  D.L.   1763-1764. 

"  tions'  knowledge,  he  was  obliged  to  transport  him- 
"  self  to  America,  where  he  is  now  doing  penance 
"  for  his  redemption." 

Obrien  wrote  two  dramatic  pieces — for  the  Duel 
see  D.  L.  Dec.  8  1772  —for  Cross  Purposes  see  C.  G. 
Dec.  8  1772. 


Obrien9 s  characters. 

D.  L.  1758-1759.  Captain  Brazen —Lucio  in  M. 
for  M. — Polydore  in  Orphan— -Jack  Meggot — Fine 
Gentleman  in  Lethe  — Witwou'd — Brisk  in  D.  D. — 
*Felix  in  Rout — in  J3sop — Tom  in  Conscious  Lovers 
— *Young  Clackit  in  Guardian — Daffodil  in  Male 
Coquette  —  Master  Stephen — Laertes — Lord  Fop- 
pingtori  in  C.  H. — Captain  Mizen  in  Fair  Quaker. 

1759-1760.  *Lovel  in  High  Life— Witling  in  Re- 
fusal— Campley  in  Funeral — Fribble  — *  in  Marriage 
a-la-Mode  —  Razor  in  Upholsterer — Master  Slender 
— Numps  in  Tender  Husband — Lord  George  Bril- 
liant in  Lady's  last  Stake. 

1760-176!.  *Edgar  in  Edgar  and  Emmeline  — 
*Lord  Trinket  in  Jealous  Wife — Archer. 

In  the  Summer — *Beverley  in  All  in  the  Wrong 
— *Wildirig  in  Citizen — *Clerimont  in  Old  Maid — 
*  Harlequin  in  Wishes. 

1761-1762.  Guiderius  in  Cymbeline  —  Marplot 
— *Belmour  in  School  for  Lovers — Sir  Harry  Wild- 
air— Clodio  in  Love  makes  a  Man— Don  Felix. 

1762-1763.  Valentine  in  Two  Gentlemen  of  Ve- 
rona— *Sir  Harry  Flutter  in  Discovery — Lothario — 
Master  Johnny  in  Schoolboy. 


c.  G.  1763-1764.  51 

176S-176 k  Tattle— Sir  Andrew  Aguecheek- 
*Col.  Tamper  in  Deuce  is  in  him — Prince  of  Wales 
in  Henry  4th  part  1st — Ranger — Maiden  in  Tun- 
hridge  Walks — Lovernore — Squire  Richard. 


Originally. 


The  Dramatic  Censor,  in  1770,  speaks  of  Obrien 
as  the  best  Mercutio  next  to  Woodward — it  does  riot 
appear  from  the  hills  that  Obrien  acted  Mercutio  in 
London— Palmer  was  certainly  in  possession  of  the 
part  at  D.  L. — Obrien  was  engaged  under  Barry  at 
Crow  Street  in  the  summer  of  1763 — it  is  highly 
probable  that  he  acted  Mercutio  to  Barry's  Romeo. 


C.  G.  1763-1764. 

Sep.  21.  Romeo  and  Juliet.  Romeo  =  Ross: 
Mercutio  =  Woodward  :  Capulet  =  Sparks  :  Friar 
Lawrence^  Hull :  Juliet  =  Miss  Hallam  :  Nurse  = 
Mrs.  Pitt: — with  Old  Maid.  Miss  Harlow  =  Mrs. 
Walker. 

23.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  —  Smith  :  Brazen 
=  Woodward  :  Balance  =  Sparks  :  Worthy  =  Hull : 
Bullock  =  Dunstall :  Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Lessingham  :  Me- 

£    2 


,52  c.  G.   1763-1764. 

linda  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Rose  =:  M iss  Davies  :  Lucy  = 
Mrs.  Pitt. 

26.  Henry  4th.  Falstaff  =  Shuter:  Hotspur  = 
Smith  :  King  =  Sparks  :  Prince  of  Wales  =  Ross  : 
Worcester  =  Hall  :  Francis  =  Stamper :  Lady  Percy 
=  Mrs.  Vincent :  Hostess  =  Mrs.  Pitt :  and  Bardolph 
—  Lewis  : — thus  his  name  was  spelt  at  first,  but  he 
was  afterwards  announced  in  the  bills  as  Lee  Lewes 
— in  his  Memoirs,  he  says  he  was  engaged  at  C.  G. 
by  Beard  as  second  Harlequin  to  Woodward. 

28.  Inconstant— as  before. 

Oct.  5.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil  =  Ross  : 
Tom  =  Woodward  :  Myrtle  =  Smith  :  Cimberton  — 
Shuter  :  Indiana  =  Miss  Macklin  :  Phillis  =  Miss 
Elliot. 

7.  All's  well  that  ends  well 8.  Miser. 

10.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour. 

11.  Jovial  Crew,  and  Citizen,  with  Epilogue  by 
Woodward,  and  Shuter. 

12.  Love's  last  Shift. 

14.  Wonder.     Lissardo  =  Woodward. 

17.  Mourning  Bride.  Zara  =  Mrs.  Ward :  Almeria 
izMiss  Macklin. 

18.  Stratagem 19-  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife. 

20.  Provoked  Wife. 

21.  She  wou'd  arid  She  wou'd  not. 

24.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  Townly  =  Ross  : 
Sir  Francis  =  Shuter :  Manly  =  Hull:  Count  Basset 
=  Dyer:  John  Moody  =  Dunstall :  Lady  Townly^ 
Mrs.  Ward :  Lady  Grace  =  Miss  Macklin  :  Lady 
Wronghead  =  Mrs.  Pitt :  Miss  Jenny  =  Miss  Davies. 

26.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Smith,  1st  time  :  Cop- 
per Captain  =  Woodward :  Estifania  =  Miss  Elliot, 


c.  G.  1763-1764.  />.'j 

1st  time  : — and  Upholsterer  —  with  alterations  and 
additions —  Quidnunc  •=.  Dunstall  :  Razor  —  Wood- 
ward :  Pamphlet  =  Shuter  :  Termagant  =  Miss  Elliot. 

Nov.  3.  Love  in  a  Village 4.  Tamerlane. 

10.  Merry  Wives 16.  Theodosius. 

18.  Not  acted  15  years,  Squire  of  Alsatia.  Squire 
—  Woodward:  Sir  William  B  el  fon  d  =  Shuter  :  Bel- 
fond  Jun.r:  Smith:  Sir  Edward  Belfond  =  Gibson  : 
Lolpoop  —  Dunstall :  Truman  =  Hull:  Mrs.  Terma- 
gant =  Mrs.  Vincent:  Ruth  =  Mrs.  Pitt:  Teresia  = 
Miss  Hallam  : — acted  about  ^  times — a  new  edition 
was  printed  in  1764. 

26.  Country  Lasses.  Modely  =  Dyer:  Heartwell 
=  Ross,  1st  time  :  Freehold  =  Gibson  :  Sir  John 
English  =  Shuter,  1  st  time  :  Aura  =  Miss  Macklin, 
1st  time  :  Flora  =  Miss  Elliot,  1st  time. 

Dec.  16.  Careless  Husband 26.  Richard  3d. 

Jan.  3.  Royal  Convert,  with  Duke  and  no  Duke. 
Trappolin  =  Shuter. 

9.  Never  acted,  No  one's  Enemy  but  his  own. 
Careless  =  Woodward  :  Sir  Philip  Figurein  (an  old 
man,  passionately  fond  of  dancing)  =  Shuter  :  Bell- 
field  (in  love  with  Lucinda)  =  Smith  :  Wisely  =  Ross  : 
Brazen  (his  servant)  —  Cushing :  Blunt  =  Clarke  : 
Lucinda  (a  coquette)  =  Miss  Elliot :  Hortensia  (a 
young  and  rich  widow — a  prude)  =  Mrs.  Ward  : — 
with,  never  acted,  What  we  must  all  come  to.  Sir 
Charles  Rackett  =  Dyer  :  Drugget  =  Shuter :  Love- 
lace =  Cushing :  Woodley  (in  love  with  Nancy)  = 
White:  Lady  Rackett  =  Miss  Elliot :  Mrs.  Drugget 
=  Mrs.  Pitt:  Dimity  (her  woman)  =  Mrs.  Green: 
Nancy  (daughter  to  Drugget — in  love  with  Woodley) 


,54  c.ct.  1763-1764. 

=  Miss  Hallam  : — both  these  pieces  were  written  by 
Murphy. 

No  one's  Enemy  but  his  own— Careless  is  so  com- 
pletely a  blab,  that  he  is  never  able  to  keep  any  thing 
a  secret — he  was  engaged  to  Lucinda,  but  had  de- 
serted her  on  having  gained  the  affections  of  Horten- 
sia — he  shows  Wisely  a  confidential  letter  from 
Hortensia — Wisely  is  secretly  his  rival — he  also  gives 
him  a  snuffbox,  with  Hortensia's  picture  in  it,  to  get 
it  mended — in  the  2d  act,  Brazen  enters  disguised  as 
the  servant  of  Careless — he  gives  back  the  snuffbox 
to  Hortensia,  and  says  that  his  master  prefers  Lu- 
cinda— in  the  3d  act,  he  enters  in  Hortensia's  livery 
— he  gives  Careless  Hortensia's  letter  to  Wisely,  in 
which  she  had  put  an  end  to  all  his  hopes  of  a  mar- 
riage with  her — Careless  believes  the  letter  to  be  ad- 
dressed to  himself,  arid  says  he  will  marry  Lucinda 
— he  loses  both  the  ladies  by  his  own  folly — Horten- 
sia gives  her  hand  to  Wisely — Lucinda  gives  hers  to 
Bellfield— this  is  on  the  whole  a  pretty  good  C. — it 
is  founded  on  Voltaire's  Tatler,  a  piece  in  one  long 
act,  which  was  brought  out  in  17&5 — Murphy's  play 
was  originally  in  3  acts,  but  in  the  corrected  edition 
of  his  works  he  reduced  it  to  2 — (see  C.  G.  Oct.  %6 
1774) — he  should  have  changed  the  title — Careless  is 
so  far  from  being  No  one's  Enemy  but  his  own,  that 
he  speaks  ill  of  almost  every  person  whom  he  has 
occasion  to  mention. 

What  we  must  all  come  to—  this  is  a  very  good  C.  in 
2  acts  — Sir  Charles  Rackett  had  married  the  elder 
daughter  of  Drugget,  who  is  a  retired  citizen — Sir 
Charles  and  Lady  Rackett  have  a  quarrel  about  a 
game  of  cards — Drugget  and  his  wife  believe  that 


c.  G.   1763-1764. 

they  had  quarrelled  about  something  serious— Dimity 
explains  the  matter— Sir  Charles  and  his  Lady  are 
reconciled — they  have  another  quarrel  on  the  old 
subject — Sir  Charles  leaves  Drugget's  house  in  a 
passion — Drugget  observes — "  These  wranglings  are, 
"  I  am  afraid,  What  we  must  All  come  to" Vic- 
tor says  that  party  interfered  to  condemn  these  2 
pieces  very  undeservedly— the  latter  was  acted  but 
once,  and  seems  scarcely  to  have  obtained  a  hearing 
—it  was  published  as  intended  to  have  been  acted— 
a  striking  proof  of  public  caprice  — as  when  revived, 
with  slight  alterations,  at  Lewis1  benefit  March  30 
1776,  it  was  very  successful — it  has  been  frequently 
acted  as  "  Three  Weeks  after  Marriage." 

17-  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier  =  Ross:  Pierre  — 
Smith  :  Belvidera=Mrs.  Ward. 

19-  By  Command.  No  one's  Enemy — 4th  and 
last  time. 

21.  Merry  Wives.  Falstaff  =  Shuter :  Ford  = 
Ross :  Sir  Hugh  Evans  =  Lewis  :  Shallow  =  Costollo  : 
Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Ward. 

26.  Confederacy.  Gripe  =  Dunstali :  Corinna  = 
Miss  Vincent. 

28.  Orphan.  Polydore  =  Smith  :  Monimia  =  Miss 
Macklin. 

Feb.  1.  Funeral.     Lord  Hardy  =  Hull. 

9-  Love  for  Love.  Angelica  =  Miss  Macklin,  1st 
time  :  Miss  Prue  =  Miss  Elliot,  1st  time. 

11.  Wit  without  Money.  Valentine  =  Smith: 
Francisco  =  Hull :  Lance  =  Dunstali :  Shorthose  = 
Shuter  :  Lady  Hartwell  =  Mrs.  Ward  :  Isabella  = 
Miss  Hallam. 

13.  Jane    Shore.      Hastings  =  Smith  :    Shore  =. 


56  c.  G.  1763-1764. 

Ross  :    Gloster  =  Clarke  :   Jane  Shore  =  Miss  Mack- 
lin  :  AliciaziMrs.  Ward,  1st  time. 

15.  Henry  5th  =  Smith  :  Fluellin  =  Shuter  :  Pistol 
=  Dyer:  Macmorris  =  Barrington  :  King  of  France 
=  Gibson:  Princess  =  M  iss  Hallam:  Hostess  =  Mrs. 
Pitt. 

17.  Relapse.  Worthy  =  Ross :  Sir  Tunbelly 
Clumsey  =  Marten  :  Syringe  =  Shuter  : — rest  as  April 
25  1763. 

20.  Upholsterer.     Termagant  =  Mrs.  Green. 

22.  Never  acted  there,  Midas.  Midas  =  Shuter  : 
Apollo  =  Mattocks  :  Pan  =  Dunstall :  Sileno  = 
Beard  :  Damsetas  =  Fawcett :  Daphne  =  Miss  Mil- 
er:  NysairMiss  Hallam:  Mysis  =  Miss  Poitier  :* 
— acted  9  times — this  Burletta  was  written  by 
O'Hara,  and  had  been  acted  in  Ireland — it  was  at 
this  time  in  3  acts,  and  performed  as  a  first  piece — 
see  Midas  in  the  1st  Vol.  of  Old  Plays  reprinted  in 
1814—1815. 

March  20.  Woodward's  bt.  Busy  Body,  with  a 
new  Farce  called  False  Concord  -  -  Woodward  - 
Shuter — Dunstall  —  Gushing  —  Mrs.  Pitt  --  Miss 
Elliot — Miss  Hallam — with  a  Prologue  by  Wood- 
ward—see Irish  Stage  C.  S.  1763-1764-  -False 
Concord  is  not  printed — Woodward,  Shuter,  and 
Cushing  probably  acted  Lord  Lavender,  Sudley,  and 
a  Valet— see  False  Concord  inB.  D.— and  the  Clan- 
destine Marriage  D.  L.  Feb.  20  1766 — False  Con- 
cord was  written  by  Towriley,  the  master  of  Mer- 


*  Mrs.  Vernon  appears  to  have  resumed  her  maiden  name. 


c.  G.   1763-1764.  57 

chant   Taylor's     school— and    probably  the  school 
fellow  of  Woodward— see  C.  G.  April  16  1745. 

26.  Smith's  bt.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour. 

27.  Shuter's  bt.    Not  acted  4  years,  Sir  Courtly 
Nice.     Sir   Courtly  Nice  =  Woodward  :    Crack  = 
Shuter  :  Hothead  =  Dun stal I :  Testimony  =  Gibson  : 
Surly  =  Sparks  :  Lord   Bellguard  =  Walker  :    Fare- 
wel  =  Clarke:  Leonora  =  Miss  Macklin  :  Violanten 
Mrs.  Vincent:  Aunt  =  Mrs.  Pitt: — with   What  d'ye 
call  it  ?     Timothy    Peascod  =  Woodward  :    Squire 
Thomas  =  Shuter  :  Kitty  =  Miss  Elliot,  1st  time. 

29.  Hamlet.  Ghost  =  Walker,  1st  time:  Polo- 
nius  =  Shuter,  1st  time:  Gravediggers  =  Dunstall 
and  Costollo:  Queen  =  Mrs.  Ward. 

April  2.  Mrs.  Ward's  bt.  Romeo  and  Juliet. 
Lady  Capulet  (for  that  night  only)  =  Mrs.  Ward  : 
Juliet  =  Miss  Ward,  her  1st  appearance  on  any 
stage. 

10.  Miss  Macklin's  bt.  Merchant  of  Venice. 
Shylock  =  Macklin  :  Launcelot  =  Shuter:  —  with, 
(for  the  only  time  this  season)  Love  a-la-Mode. 
Sir  Archy  =  Mackliii :  Squire  Groom  =  Woodward  : 
Sir  Callaghan  =  Shuter  :  Mordecai  =  Cushing  :  Char- 
lotte =  Miss  Macklin. 

12.  Clarke's  bt.  Busy  Body,  and  Love  a-la-Mode, 
last  time  this  season. 

27.  For    bt.   of    Miles,     (the    Harlequin)    Mrs. 
Green,    and    Mrs.   Dyer.     Sir   Courtly   Nice,    and 
Upholsterer. 

28.  For  bt.  of  Hull,  and    Miss  Miller.      Comus. 
Lady  (by  desire  and  for  that  night  only)  =  Mrs.   (or 
Miss)  Morrison  : — with,  Never  acted,  Absent  Man — 
Shuter — Dunstall —  Mattocks  —  and  Miss  Miller — 


58  c.  G.   1763-1764. 

this  Farce  is  said  to  have  been  written  by  Hull— it 
is  not  printed. 

30.  Miss  Elliot's  bt.  Stratagem.     Mrs.   Sullen  = 
Miss  Elliot,  1st  time  : — with  Citizen. 

May  7-  Younger's  bt.  Not  acted  6  years,  King 
Lear.  Lear  =  Ross:  Edgar  =  Smith-:  Bastard  = 
Clarke:  Gloster  =  Gibson,  being  their  first  appear- 
ance in  those  characters :  Gentleman  Usher  = 
Shuter:  Cordelia  =  Miss  Ward,  her  2d  appearance 
on  the  stage. 

9.  Rival  Queens.     Roxana  =  Mrs.  Baker. 

11.  Jealous  Wife.  Capt.  O'Cutter^Barrington  : 
Harriet^ Miss  Hallam  :— see  March  20  1762. 

21.  Macbeth.  Macbeth  zz  Ross  :  Lady  Macbeth 
=  Mrs.  Ward  -.—with,  Never  acted,  Shepherd's  Arti- 
fice :  Alexis  =  Mattocks  :  Strephon  =  Dibdin  :  Sylvia 
=  Miss  Hallam  :  Cselia  =  Miss  Poitier: — Alexis  and 
Sylvia  are  mutually  in  love — Strephon  is  in  love  with 
Cselia — she  likes  him,  but  treats  him  with  disdain — 
Strephon,  by  the  suggestion  of  Alexis,  pretends  to 
be  in  love  with  Sylvia — the  artifice  succeeds,  and 
Cselia  acknowledges  her  love  for  Strephon — this  is  a 
contemptible  Pastoral  in  2  acts — Dibdin  wrote  the 
words,  and  composed  the  music. 

24.  Love's  last  Shift.     Loveless  =  Hull,   1st  time. 

28.  Love  in  a  Village — last  play.  (Bills  from  Mr. 
Field  and  B. 


HAY.  1764.  59 


HAY.  176*. 

The  Patron  seems  to  have  come  out  the  beginning 
of  this  season — it  was  printed  in  1764  with  the  fol- 
lowing cast — the  dedication  is  dated  June  the  20th 

—Sir  Thomas  Lofty,  and  Sir  Peter  Pepperpot 
(the  Patron  and  a  rich  West  Indian)  =  Foote : 
Rust  (an  antiquary)  =  Weston  :  Dick  Bever  (in  love 
with  Juliet)  =  Death  :  Frank  Younger  (his  friend)  = 
Davis  :  Puff  (a  bookseller)  =  Hayes  :  Dactyl  (a  poet) 
=  Granger  :  Sir  Roger  Dowlas  =  J.  Palmer :  Stay- 
tape  (a  tailor)  =  Brown  :  Robin  =  Parsons  :  John  = 
Lewis :  Juliet  (niece  to  Sir  Thomas — in  love  with 
Bever)  =  Mrs.  Granger  : Sir  Thomas  Lofty  pre- 
tends to  be  a  man  of  great  wit  and  learning — he 
writes  a  play  called  Robinson  Crusoe — but  as  he  fears 
it  might  be  considered  as  a  work  not  suitable  to  his 
time  of  life,  he  insists  that  Bever  should  acknowledge 
himself  to  be  the  author  of  it — the  play  is  damned — 
Bever  is  enraged — Sir  Thomas  to  appease  him,  con- 
sents to  his  union  with  Juliet — here  a  difficulty  occurs 
— Sir  Thomas  had  promised  his  niece  to  Rust,  who 
had  fallen  in  love  with  her,  because  her  nose  exactly 
resembled  the  bust  of  the  Empress  Poppsea — in  the 
2d  act,  Rust  had  exhibited  the  remains  of  the  45th 
number  of  the  North  Briton,  which  had  been  par- 
tially burnt  at  the  Royal  Exchange— he  had  enjoined 
the  company  to  be  silent,  for  fear  the  paper  should 
be  seized,  and  made  to  suffer  the  law — in  the  last 
scene,  Bever  tells  Rust  that  he  must  give  up  his 
paper,  or  the  lady — Rust  resigns  his  pretensions  to 


60  HAY.  1764. 

Juliet— this  is  an  excellent  C.  in  3  acts  by  Foote — 
Sir  Thomas  Lofty  was  meant  for  Lord  Melcombe — 
see  School  for  Authors  C.  G.  Dec.  5  1808. 

Wilkinson  was  engaged — in  particular  he  acted 
Dick  in  the  Apprentice,  and  was  ever  honoured 
with  the  continuance  of  the  audience  to  the  end,  on 
account  of  the  last  4  lines  ;  to  which  he  had  no  less 
than  4  plaudits  ;  for  his  Imitations  were  not  only 
good,  but  planned  for  effect ;  and  much  depends  on 
that — in  the  concluding  lines  of  the  Farce  he  imitated 
4  different  performers — 

"  Some  act  the  upper,  some  the  under  parts," 
— as  Sparks — 

"  And  most  assume  what's  foreign  to  their  hearts," 
— as  Sheridan — 

"  Thus  life  is  but  a  tra-gic,  co-mic  jest," 
— as  Mossop — 

"  And  all  is  Farce  and  Mummery  at  best." 

— as  Woodward. 

Weston  was  of  great  assistance  in  that  Farce  by  his 
inimitable  acting  of  Simon — he  also  acted  Old  Phil- 
pot  at  Richmond  for  the  benefit  of  Wilkinson,  who 
was  Young  Philpot. 

Foote  did  not  publish  Tragedy  a-la-Mode,  but  Wil- 
kinson printed  it  in  his  Wandering  Patentee  1795 — 
it  came  out  at  D.  L.  April  6  176!  and  was  acted  at 
the  Hay.  this  season — Fustian,  the  Author  =  Foote  : 
Golcondus,  the  Hero  =  Wilkinson  : — the  other  parts 
are  of  no  importance— Fustian's  Tragedy  of  "  Love 
till  Death"  is  rehearsed— Golcondus  speaks  the  whole 
— when  this  piece  was  first  acted  by  Foote  with  paste- 


D.  L.  1764-1765.  61 

board  figures,  it  entirely  failed  in  the  effect — but 
when  the  King,  Tribus,  (Golcondus'  friend)  and  the 
Princess  Lindamira,  were  performed  by  dumb  actors, 
ridiculously  dressed  in  the  high  Tragedy  style,  they 
assisted  Wilkinson's  imitations  and  the  whole  was  re- 
ceived with  unbounded  applause Love  till  Death 

is  very  short,  but  Fustian  contends  that  all  the  usual 
distresses  of  a  Tragedy  are  contained  in  it. 

Previously  to  the  opening  of  this  Theatre  for 
dramatic  performances,  Stevens  had  delivered  his 
Lecture  on  Heads — the  llth  and  last  morning  was 
on  May  23. 


D,  L.  1764-1765. 

Sept.  15.  Beggar's  Opera,  with  Polly  Honeycombe. 

18.  Stratagem.  Archer  =  Griffith  from  Dublin  : — 
see  Irish  Stage  S.  A.  1760-1761. 

22.  Romeo  and  Juliet,  with  Fairy  Tale.  Moody 
seems  to  have  played  Bottom  instead  of  Yates. 

25.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife. 

27.  Hamlet.  Ophelia  =  Young  Gentlewoman: — 
probably  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

29.  Careless  Husband.  Lord  Foppington  =  Griffith. 

Oct.  2.  Old  Maid.  Clerimont^Didier,  his  1st  ap- 
pearance there :  Mrs.  Harlow  =  Miss  Pope,  1st  time  : 
Miss  Harlow  is  omitted. 


62  D.  L.  1764-1765. 

4.  Conscious  Lovers.     Indiana  =  Mrs.  Palmer. 
6.  Provoked  Husband.      Lord  and  Lady  Townly 
=  Powell  and  Mrs.  Palmer. 
9.  Cymbeline.     Imogen  =  Mrs.  Palmer. 

15.  Oroonoko  =  Powell :  Imoinda  =  Mrs.  Palmer. 

16.  Tancred  and  Sigismunda  =  Holland  and  Mrs. 
Palmer. 

17-  Henry  4th,  part  1st 18.  Mistake. 

20.  Love  for  Love.  Tattle  =  Preston,  1st  appear- 
ance there  :  Angelica^ Mrs.  Palmer:  Miss  Prue  — 
Miss  Cheney. 

22.  Not  acted  10  years,  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd 
not.     Trappanti  =  King :  Don  Manuel  — Yates  :  Don 
Philip  =  Packer  :   Octavio  =  Palmer  :    (probably  Don 
Philip  =  Palmer :   Octavio  =  Packer  :)  Soto  =  Bad- 
deley  :  Don  Luis  =  Didier  :  Hypolita  =  Miss  Plym  : 
Flora  =  Miss  Cheney  :  Viletta=Mrs.  Lee:  Rosara  = 
Mrs.  Hopkins. 

23.  Orphan.      Acasto  =  Havard  :  Monimia  =  Mrs. 
Gibber. 

24.  Earl  of  Essex— as  April  20  1763. 

2o.  Suspicious  Husband.  Ranger  =  King,  1st 
time:  Strictlaiid  =  Love  :  Frankly  =  Palmer  :  Mrs. 
Strictland  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Clarinda  =  Miss  Pope  : 
Jacintha  =  Miss  Plym. 

26.  Jane  Shore.  Hastings  =  Holland :  Shore  = 
Havard  :  Alicia  =  Mrs.  Cibber :  Jane  Shore  =  Mrs. 
Yates  : — with  High  Life.  Lovel  =  King. 

29.  Romeo  and  Juliet.    Juliet  =  Mrs.  Lessingharn. 

31.  Venice  Preserved,     B el videra  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 

Nov.  1.  Jealous  Wife.     Lord  Trinket  =  Griffith. 

2.  Never  performed,  Alcmena,  an  Opera — Victor 


D.L.   1764-1765.  63 

says  this  serious  Opera  was  acted  6  nights  to  thin 
audiences. 

5.  Tamerlane. 

8.  Way  to  keep  him.     Widow  Bellmour  =  Mrs. 
Gibber  :  Lady  Constant  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

9,  Henry  4<th  part  2d.     Prince  John  =  Lee. 

12.  Stratagem.  Archer  — Palmer,  1st  time:  Aim- 
well  =  Adcock,  1st  appearance  there:  Boniface  = 
Love. 

15.  Provoked  Husband.  Lady  Townly  —  Mrs. 
Yates. 

17.  (and  21)  Fair  Penitent.  Lothario  =  Powell, 
1st  time:  Horatio  =  Holland:  Sciolto  =z  Havard  : 
Calista  =  Mrs.  Gibber: — with  Deuce  is  in  him.  Col. 
Tamper  =  Palmer,  1st  time. 

24.  Orphan  of  China 27.  Macbeth. 

28.  Never  acted,  Capricious  Lovers.  Colin  =  Ver- 
non:  Hobbinol  (his  father)  =  Yates  :  Damon  (father 
to  Phoebe)  =  Baddeley  :  Astolpho  =  Packer  :  Fabian 
(his  attendant)  =  Didier  :  Phoebe  =  Miss  Slack,  her 
1st  appearance  on  any  stage  :  Lisetta  (with  a  mock 
Italian  song)  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Emily  =  Miss  Young: 
Clara  (her  attendant)  =  Miss  Wright : — acted  9  times 
— Colin  and  Phoebe  are  mutually  in  love — they  are 
humble  villagers— Astolpho,  who  is  the  Prince  of  the 
country,  is  engaged  to  Emily,  who  is  a  Princess — he 
falls  in  love  with  Phoebe — he  employs  Lisetta  to  pro- 
mote his  interest  with  her  — Phoebe  is  prevailed  on 
to  go  to  Court — Colin  is  also  sent  for — Colin  and 
Emily  become  jealous — Astolpho  renews  his  addresses 
to  Phoebe— she  brings  in  Emily,  and  presents  her  to 
Astolpho— Astolpho  and  Emily  are  reconciled — 
Colin  and  Phoebe  are  united — this  Comic  Opera  in  3 


64  D.  L.  1764-1765. 

acts  was  written  by  Lloyd — it  is  professedly  founded 
on  a  French  piece — it  is  a  triflle  by  a  man  of  genius 
— the  plot  is  slight,  but  the  dialogue  is  neat. 

Dec.  8.  Distressed  Mother.  Orestes  =  Powell,  1st 
time:  Pyrrhus  —  Holland,  1st  time  :  Hermione=: 
Mrs.  Yates:  Andromache  =  Mrs.  Cibber  : — acted  on 
11-17  and  29. 

13.  Wonder.  Felix  =.  Holland,  1st  time  :  Don 
Lopez  =  Baddeley :  Lissardo  is  omitted  :  Violante  = 
Mrs.  Cibber. 

18.  Way  of  the  World.  Witwou'd  =  King,  1st 
time. 

Jan.  1st.  Public  Advertiser.  To  prevent  any  mis- 
takes for  the  future  in  advertising  the  Plays  and  En- 
tertainments at  D.  L.  Theatre,  the  managers  think 
it  proper  to  declare  that  the  playbills  are  inserted 
by  their  direction  in  this  paper  only — there  was  a 
similar  advertisement  from  C.  G.  on  the  same  day. 

London  Merchant.  George  B arn well  =  Holland  : 
Milwood  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

3.  All  in  the  Wrong,     Sir  John  Restless  =  Yates  : 
Beverley  =  Holland  :    Robert  =  Parsons  :    Belinda 
=  Mrs.  Yates  :  Lady  Restless  =  Mrs.  Palmer  :    Cla- 
rissa =  Miss  Plym. 

4.  Richard   3d  =  Holland  :     Buckingham  =  Lee  : 
Lord  Mayor  =  Baddeley. 

5.  King  Lear  =  Powell,  2d  time  :  (1st  on  Jan.  2d) 
Edgar  =  Havard  :  Bastard  =  Lee:  Corn  well  =  Jack- 
son :  Old  Man  =  Baddeley  :   Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 

7.  Romeo  and  Juliet.     Tybalt  =  Lee. 

15.  Rival  Queens.     Perdiccas  =  Lee. 

17.  Miser.     Mariana  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

23.  Provoked  Wife.     Sir  John  Brute  =  King,  1st 


D.  L.   17«t-1765.  fi.O 

time  :  Constant  —  Havard  :  Heartfree  =  Lee  :  Razor 
=  Baddeley  :  Col.  Bully  =  Moody  :  Lady  Fanciful  = 
Mrs.   Lessingham,   1st  time:     Lady   Brute  =  Mrs. 
Gibber:  Belinda  =  Miss  Plym. 

24.  Never  acted,  Platonic  Wife.  Lord  Frank! and 
=  Powell:  Sir  William  Belville=  Holland:  Frank- 
land  i=  Lee  :  Sir  Harry  Wilmotn  Griffith  :  Ambrose 
=  Havard  :  Patrick  =  Moody  :  Nicodemus  =  Par- 
sons :  Lady  Frankland  =  Mrs.  Yates :  Lady  Fan- 
8haw  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Emilia  =  Miss  Pope:  Clarinda  = 
Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Fantange  =  Mrs.  Cross  : — this  C. 
was  nearly  damned  on  the  first  representation,  owing 
in  a  considerable  degree  to  the  two  portraits  of  Lady 
Frankland,  which  were  very  badly  executed  —  this 
objection  was  obviated,  and  the  piece  was  dragged 
on  for  5  nights  more — it  was  observed  that  the  cha- 
racter of  the  heroine,  and  the  title  of  the  play  did  not 
agree,  Lady  Frankland  being,  not  a  Platonic,  but  a 
romantic  wife  —  {Victor} — .Lord  Frankland  really 
loved  Lady  Frankland,  but  as  he  did  not  act  up  to 
her  romantic  notions  of  love,  she  reproached  him 
daily  for  want  of  tenderness— he  was  much  hurt  at 
the  injustice  of  the  reproach — and  a  separation  had 
taken  place— here  the  play  begins — Sir  Harry  Wil- 
mot  wants  to  seduce  Lady  Frankland — Sir  William 
Belville  has  a  Platonic  affection  for  her — Clarinda 
wishes  to  reduce  Lady  Frankland's  character  to  a 
level  with  her  own — Frankland  is  anxious  that  the 
separation  between  Lord  and  Lady  Frankland  should 
continue,  as  he  is  his  lordship's  heir — Lady  Frank- 
land  becomes  sensible  of  the  dangers  to  which  her 
unprotected  situation  had  exposed  her — she  renounces 
her  romantic  notions — and  in  the  last  scene  is  recon- 

VOL.  V.  F 


66  D.  L.   1764-1765. 

ciled  to  her  husband— Sir  William  marries  Emilia 
—this  is  a  dull  play  by  Mrs.  Griffith — it  has  no  par- 
ticular fault  either  in  the  plot  or  language — but,  as 
Dennis  properly  observes,  regularity  signifies  little  in 
a  Comedy  without  diversion. 

Feb.  1.  King  Lear.     Gentleman  Ushers  Griffith. 

4.  Mourning  Bride,  and  Tutor.  System  —  King  : 
Sophia  =  Miss  Pope  : — the  other  characters  by  Packer 
— Parsons  — Vaughan  —  Master  Burton  —  Master 
Pope — and  Mrs.  Bradshaw — acted  twice,  and  seem- 
ingly not  printed — Victor  says  this  Farce  was  deser- 
vedly damned. 

6.  Zara.     Lusignan  =  Powell :   Osman  —  Holland  : 
ZaraizMrs.  Cibber. 

7.  Way  to  keep  him.     Widow  Bellmour  =  Miss 
Pope. 

13.  Suspicious  Husband.     Jack  Meggot^  Griffith. 

15.  Never  acted,  Pharnaces— an  Opera— acted  6 
times. 

March  5.  Orphan  of  China,  and  Capricious 
Lovers,  with  alterations — it  seems  to  have  been  cut 
down  to  2  acts — it  was  originally  performed  as  a 
first  piece. 

7.  Fair  Penitent  =  Mrs.  Yates  : —  Mrs.  Gibber's 
benefit  was  deferred  on  account  of  her  dangerous 
illness. 

16.  Mrs.   Pritchard's  bt.   Mariamne.      Herod  = 
Powell:  Flam inius^ Lee  :  Sohemus  =  Havard  :  Ma- 
riamne =  Mrs.  Pritchard :  Arsinoe  =  Mrs.    Palmer. 

18.  Mrs.  dive's  bt.  School  for  Lovers.  Sir  John 
Dorilant—  o  land,  1st  time  :  B  elm  our  is  omitted: 
Cselia=: Mrs.  Palme  1st  time:  (see  Feb  10  1762) 
— with,  Never  acted,  Faithful  Irishwoman — Love — 


D.  L.  1764-1765.  67 

Packer— King  — Miss  Pope — Irishwoman  =  Mrs. 
Clive :— this  Farce  is  attributed  to  Mrs.  Clive,  and 
is  not  printed. 

19.  Holland's  bt.  Othello.  Othello  =  Powell: 
lago  =  Holland,  1st  time  :  Desdemona=:  Mrs.  Yates  : 
—  with  Guardian.  Heartly  =  Holland  :  Young 
Clackit  =  Palmer,  1st  time: — part  of  the  pit  will 
be  laid  into  the  boxes — there  will  be  no  building  on 
the  stage. 

23.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Yates.  Orphan.  Monimia 
=  Mrs.  Yates  : — with,  Never  acted,  the  Choice. 
Sir  William  Loveworth  =z  Yates  :  Young  Loveworth 
=  Havard  :  Woodvil  =  Packer  :  Clarissa  =  Mrs. 
Yates:  Mrs.  Woodvil  =  Mrs.  Lee:  Watchit  (her 
woman)  — Mrs.  Bradshaw : — Young  Loveworth  had 
married  Clarissa  without  his  father's  consent—  Sir 
William  is  highly  incensed  against  him -- Young 
Loveworth  brings  his  wife  to  Woodvil's  house — 
Woodvil  conceals  Loveworth,  and  introduces  Cla- 
rissa as  his  own  niece — Sir  William  falls  in  love  with 
Clarissa,  and  wants  to  marry  her — she  stipulates  that 
he  should  forgive  his  son  as  a  preliminary  condition 
— he  promises  to  do  so — Clarissa  then  acknowledges 
that  she  is  married  to  Young  Loveworth  — Watchit 
had  been  let  into  the  secret — Mrs.  Woodvil  had 
been  carefully  kept  out  of  it—  her  curiosity,  and  the 
false  scent  on  which  Watchit  puts  her,  contribute  to 
the  carrying  on  of  the  plot— this  is  a  pretty  good  C. 
in  2  acts — it  seems  not  to  have  been  printed  till  1786, 
when  Murphy  published  a  corrected  edition  of  his 
works — as  he  improved  some  of  his  pieces  by  short- 
ening them,  it  is  odd  that  he  should  not  have  short- 
ened the  Choice,  which  is  certainly  too  long — Mur- 

F  2 


68  D.  L.  1764-1765. 

phy  says  he  wrote  it  for  Mrs.  Yates — he  places  Pal- 
mer's name  to  the  character  of  Young  Loveworth 
— but  Havard's  name  was  in  the  bill  for  this  evening 

—  Murphy   places  no   name  to   the  part   of  Mrs. 
Woodvil. 

25.  Powell's  bt.  King  Lear  =  Powell  :  Cordelia  = 
Mrs.  Yates,  1st  time. 

26.  For  bt    of  Yates.     Winter's  Tale.      Leontes 
=  Powell :  Polixenes  =  Havard  :  Florizel  =  Holland  : 
Camillo  =  Lee  :  Autolicus  =  Yates  :  Clown  =  King  : 
Hermione  =: Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Perdita  —Mrs.  Yates, 
1st  time  : — with  Choice. 

30.  King's  bt.  Cymbeline.  Imogen  =  Mrs.  Yates  : 
— with  Deuce  is  in  him. 

April  11.  Miss  Pope's  bt.  Way  to  keep  him. 
William  =  Baddeley  :  Widow  Bellmour  =  Miss  Pope : 
— with  Frenchified  Lady  never  in  Paris.  Rhodophil 

—  Lee  :  Melantha  =  Miss   Pope  :    Doralice  =  Miss 
Plym. 

13.  Love's  bt.  Rehearsal.  Bayes  —  Love  : — other 
characters  by  Lee,  Baddeley,  Parsons,  Moody,  &c. 

15.  Vernon's  bt.  Orphan  of    China.      Hamet  = 
Vernon  : — with  Lethe.     Lord  Chalkstone  and  Old 
Man  =  Shuter,    from  C.    G.  :    Fine  Gentleman  = 
Griffith  :    Mercury  =  Vernon  :    Charon  =  Moody  : 
Fine  Lady  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

16.  All  in  the  Wrong.     Sir  John  Restless  =  King : 
— the  Dramatic  Censor  says,  that  Yates  gave  parti- 
cular satisfaction  in  this  part — and  that  King  brought 
himself  to   an    exact  equality   with  Yates,   without 
borrowing  any  thing  from  him. 

20.  Roman  Father.     Horatia^Mrs.  Yates. 

22.  Miss  Young's  bt.     Macbeth  =  Holland  :  Lady 


D.  L.   17rt4- 17(55.  r,») 

Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Palmer :  (Mrs.  Pritchard  was  ill)— 
with,  not  acted  20  years,  Rosamond. 

23.  Miss  Wright's  bt.  Philaster.  Arethusa  =  Mrs. 
Palmer. 

25.  Mrs.  Gibber  acted  Andromache  for  her  bt. 

26.  For   bt.   of  Miss   Slack,  and  Lee.     Winter's 
Tale.     Hermione  =  Mrs.    Hopkins  : — with,    Never 
acted,  Country  Wife.     Pinchwife  =  Lee  :    Sparkish 
=  King  :    Harcourt  =  Parsons  :    Dorilant  —  Packer  : 
Mrs.  Pinchwife  =  Miss  Slack:  Alithea  =  Mrs.  Hop- 
kins : — this  is  Wycherley's  play  cut  down  to  2  acts 
— the  alteration  was  made  by  Lee  for  whose  benefit 
it  was   acted — he   omits  Horner,    Sir  Jasper,    and 
Lady  Fidget,  &c. — Dorilant  falls  in  love  with   Mrs. 
Pinchwife  instead  of  Horner — the  1st   act  is  taken 
with  slight  alterations  from   Wycherley — the  2d  act 
begins  with  the  scene  in  which  Harcourt  enters  as  a 
parson — then  follows  the  scene  in  which  Mrs.  Pinch- 
wife writes  her  letter — Pinchwife  gives  it  to  Dori- 
lant— he  throws  it  on  the  ground — Sparkish  reads  it 
aloud— Pinchwife  is  in  a  rage — Alithea  advises  him 
to  allow  his  wife  all  reasonable  liberties — Pinchwife 
immediately  acquiesces — nothing  can  be  more   flat 
than  the  concluding  scene,  nor  more  unsuitable   to 
Pinch  wife's  character  than  his  conduct  in  it — Mrs. 
Pinchwife's  escape  in    Alithea's   clothes   is  totally 
omitted. 

27.  Hamlet.      Ophelia  =  Mrs.   Baddeley,  her  3d 
appearance  on  any  stage  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

Public  Advertiser  for  April  27 — Saturday — Garrick 
arrived  at  his  house  in  Southampton  Street  C.  G.  from 
abroad  on  Thursday  afternoon. 

29.  Zara.     Zara=  Mrs.  Yates. 


70  D.  L.   1764-1765. 

30.  For  bt.  of  Hopkins,  Prompter,  and  Mrs.  Hop- 
kins. Rival  Queens.  Roxana^  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

May  1.  Tempest.     Prospero  =  Havard. 

3.  Miss  Plym  acted  Imogen  for  her  half  bt. 

6.  For  bt.  of  Moody  and  Griffith.  Rehearsal,  with 
Guardian.  Heartly  =  Lee :  Young  Clackit  =  Griffith, 
1st  time. 

7-  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Baddeley.  Beggar's 
Opera.  Filch  =  Baddeley  :  Polly  =  Mrs.  Baddeley, 
her  1st  appearance  in  that  character,  and  4th  on  the 
stage  : — with  Country  Wife. 

10.  Othello.     Gratiano  =  Parsons. 

11.  Johnston's  bt.   Rule  a  Wife.     Leon  — Powell: 
Copper  Captain  =  Palmer  :  Estifania  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
Old  Woman  =  Mr.  Yates. 

13.  Wonder.  Felix  =  Holland  :  Violante  =  Miss 
Pope,  1st  time. 

15.  School  for  Lovers.  Steward  =  Baddeley :  Ara- 
minta^Miss  Pope,  1st  time  : — Mrs.  Yates  was  pro- 
bably ill,  as  Miss  Plym  acted  Mrs.  Lovemore  on  the 
14th. 

17.  Confederacy.     Dick  =  Aikin,  from  Dublin  : 
Clarissa  — Miss  Lessingham,   1st  time. 

18.  Recruiting  Officer.    Brazen  =  King,  1st  time  : 
Welch  Collier  =i  Baddeley  :  Sylvia  =  Miss  Plym,  1st 
time  : — see  Jan.  13  1764. 

20.  Way  of   the  World.     Petulant  =  Baddeley : 
Mrs.    Fainall  =  Miss  Plym  :    Millamant  =  Mrs.  Prit- 
chard. 

21.  Henry  4th,   part  1st.      Douglas  =  Parsons  : — 
some    of  his  small  parts  in   Tragedy  have  perhaps 
been  overlooked. 

22.  Busy  Body.  Miranda  — Mrs.  Palmer,  1st  time. 


c.  G.  1764-1765.  71 

27.  For  bt.  of  several  persons  in  distress.  Pro- 
voked Husband.  Lady  Towrily  —  Mrs.^Lessingham, 
1st  time.  (Bills  from  B.  M.) 


C.  G.  1764-1765. 
/ 

Sep.  17.  Busy  Body,  and  Devil  to  Pay. 

19.  Hamlet,  and  Lethe. 

21.  Romeo  and  Juliet.     Juliet  =  Miss  Macklin: — 
with  Cheats  of  Scapin. 

28.  Love  makes  a  Man,  and  Contrivances. 
Oct.  1.  Royal  Convert 3.  Love  for  Love. 

5.  Recruiting  Officer,  with  Duke  and  no  Duke. 
8.  Richard  3d. 

10.  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not. 

11.  Inconstant,  with  Lying  Valet,  by  Shuter. 

12.  Love's  last  Shift,  with  Miss  in  her  Teens. 

15.  Mourning  Bride — 16.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife. 
17.  Merry  Wives 18.  Beggar's  Opera. 

19.  Theodosius.     Athanais  =  Miss  Macklin. 

20.  Wonder 22.  Jane  Shore. 

27.  Miss  Hallam  acted  Juliet. 

29.  King  Lear.  Cordelia  =  Miss  Hallam,  1st  time. 

30.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Woodward. 
Nov.  5.   Tamerlane—  6.   All's  well  that  ends  well. 
7.  Comus 8.   Confederacy. 

15.  Country  Lasses 16.    Relapse. 


72  c.  G.  1764-1765. 

24.  Not  acted  5  years,  Way  of  the  World.  Mira- 
bell  =  Smith,  1st  time:  Fainall  =  Ross,  1st  time:  Sir 
Wilful  Witwou'd  =  Shuter  :  Petulant  =.  Woodward  : 
M ill amant  =  Miss  Elliot,  1st  time  :  Lady  Wishfort  = 
Mrs.  Pitt :  Mrs.  Marwood  =  Mrs.  Ward  :  Mrs.  Fain- 
all  z=  Mrs.  Vincent. 

29.  Funeral.  Lord  Hardy  =  Ross:  Trim  =  Shuter: 
Campley  =  Dyer  :   Lady  Brumpton  =  Mrs.  Ward  : 
Lady  Harriet  =  Miss  Hallam:    Lady  Chariot  =  Miss 
Macklin. 

30.  Spanish  Fryar.     Dominic  is  omitted  :   Torris- 
mond  =  Ross  :   Gomez  =  Shuter  :    Lorenzo  =  Smith  : 
Elvira  =  Miss  Macklin  :    Queen  =  Mrs.  Baker. 

Dec.  4.  Rule  a  Wife.  Duke  =  Clarke  :  Juan  = 
Hull :  Old  Woman  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

7.  Cleone=Mr8.  Bellamy,  her  1st  appearance  for 
3  years. 

12.  Never  acted,  Guardian  Out-witted.  Sir  Li- 
quorish Trapgold  =  Shuter  :  Roger  =  Dyer  :  Lord 
Plan  well  =  Mattocks  :  Sir  British  Blunt  =  Beard :  La 
Finesse  =.  Squibb  :  Slouch  =  Dunstall :  Flirtilla  = 
Miss  Brent :  Lady  Julia  =  Miss  Hallam  :  Pinup  = 
Miss  Miller  :  Maukin  =  Miss  Wainwright,  her  1st 
appearance  on  any  stage  :  — acted  6  times — Lord 
Planwell,  Sir  Liquorish,  and  La  Finesse  pay  their 
addresses  to  Flirtilla — La  Finesse  pretends  to  be  a 
French  Marquis — Sir  Liquorish  is  Guardian  to  Flir- 
tilla— he  is  supposed  to  have  the  power  of  keeping 
her  out  of  her  fortune  till  she  is  of  age — Sir  British 
furnishes  Lord  Planwell  with  the  copy  of  a  clause  to 
the  Will  made  by  Flirtilla's  father — Roger  is  dressed 
up  as  Capt.  Spritely,  who  had  witnessed  the  clause 
— Sir  Liquorish  is  outwitted — he  consents  to  Flir- 


c.  G.   1764-1765.  73 

tilla's  marriage  with  Lord  Plariwell — Sir  British  mar- 
ries Lady  Julia— this  is  a  poor  Opera  in  3  acts— it  is 
attributed  to  Dr.  Arne,  who  says  in  his  preface,  that 
he  had  dedicated  a  life  of  study  and  labour  to  the  ra- 
t tonal  amusement  of  the  public. 

21.  Not  acted  3  years,  King  John.  King  John  = 
Ross  :  Bastard  =  Smith  :  Constance  =  Mrs.  Bel- 
lamy. 

Jan.  1.  Richard  3d  =  Smith  :  Richmond  =  Clarke. 

7.  King  Lear.    Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

10.  Bencraft,  joint-manager  with  Beard,  died — 
Stratagem,  with  Catharine  and  Petruchio.  Petruchio 
=  Woodward:  Grumio  =  Shuter,  1st  time:  Catha- 
rine =  Mrs.  Green. 

14.  Othello  =  Ross  :  Iago  =  Smith:  Desdemonazi 
Mrs  Bellamy  :  ^Emilia  =  Mrs.  Ward. 

19.  Way  of  the  World.  Witwou'd  =  Dyer:  Milla- 
mant=Mrs.  Bellamy:  Foible  =  Mrs.  Green. 

21 .  Romeo  and  Juliet.  Romeo  =  Ross  :  Mercutio 
=  Woodward:  Juliet  =  Mrs.  Bellamy: — with,  never 
acted  there,  Male  Coquette.  Daffodil  =  Woodward  : 
Sophia^ Miss  Macklin. 

31.  Never  acted,  Maid  of  the  Mill.  Lord  Aim- 
worth  =  Mattocks  :  Sir  Harry  Sycamore  =  Shuter  : 
Giles  =  Beard  :  Ralph  =  Dibdin  :  Mervin  =  Baker : 
Fail-field  =  Gibson  :  Patty  =  Miss  Brent :  Fanny  z= 
Miss  Poitier  :  Theodosia=  Miss  Hallam  :  Lady  Sy- 
camore =  Mrs.  Pitt :—  acted  about  29  times— Bicker- 
staffe  says  in  his  preface — "Not  only  the  general 
"  subject  of  this  piece  is  drawn  from  the  romance  of 
"  Pamela,  but  almost  every  circumstance  in  it — the 
"  miller  is  a  close  copy  of  Goodman  Andrews — Ralph 
"  is  imagined  from  the  wild  son  which  he  is  men- 


74  c.  G.  1764-1765. 

"  tioned  to  have  had" — this  is  true  to  a  certain  de- 
gree— but  Bickerstaffe,  in  writing  the  'parts  of  Fair- 
field,  Patty,  and  particularly  Ralph,  seems  to  have 
had  his  eye  on  the  characters  of  Franio,  Florimel, 
and  Bustopha,  in  Fletcher's  Maid  in  the  Mill. 

Feb.  18.  Coriolanus  =  Smith  :  Menenius  =  Shuter  : 
Tullus  =  Clarke :  Volusius  =  Walker :  Galesus  = 
Hull :  Veturia  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  :  Volumnia  =  Miss 
Macklin. 

19.  Maid  of  the  Mill,  15th  time.  Patty  =  Miss 
Haliam. 

March  12.  Woodward's  bt.  Every  Man  in  his 
Humour,  and  Citizen. 

14.  Smith's  bt.     Comus.     Lady  =  Mrs.  Bellamy : 
—with  Upholsterer.     Termagant  =  Miss  Elliot. 

15.  Shuter'sbt.  Way  of  the  World.     Waitwell- 
Dunstall :  Foible  =  Mrs.  Walker : — with  the  Lecture 
on  Heads  by  Shuter. 

19-  For  bt.  of  Ross.     King  Lear. 

25.  Mrs.  Bellamy's  bt.     Romeo  and  Juliet,  with 
Miss  in  her  Teens.  Fribble  =  Shuter  :  Flash  =  Wood- 
ward :  Miss  Biddy  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

26.  Mrs.  Ward's  bt.  Rival  Queens.  Statira  =  Miss 
Ward,  1st  time  :  Roxana  (with  an  Epilogue)  =  Mrs. 
Ward  : — and,  not  acted  12  years,   Oracle.     Oberon 
=  Dyer  :  Fairy  =  Mrs.  Ward  :  Cynthia  =  Miss  Ward. 

30.  For  bt.  of  Sparks.  Busy  Body,  and  Thomas 
and  Sally. 

April  9.  Macklin  played  Shylock,  and  Sir  Archy, 
for  his  daughter's  bt. 

11.  Gibson's  bt.  All  for  Love.  Antony  =  Smith, 
1st  time  :  Ventidius  is  omitted  :  Dolabella  =  Clarke : 
Cleopatra  =  Mrs.  Bellamy:  Octavia^  Mrs.  Ward 


C.G.    1764-1765.  7$ 

12.  Clarke's  bt.     Every  Man  in  his  Humour,  and 
Shepherd's  Artifice,  2d  time. 

16.  Walker's  bt.     Not  acted  9  years,  Cato.  Cato  = 
Walker :    Juba  =  Smith  :    Sempronius  =  Gentleman, 
1st  appearance  :    Marcus  =  Dyer  :    Marcia  =  Mrs. 
Bellamy  : — rest  omitted. 

17.  Miss  Elliot  acted  Millamant  for  her  bt. 

18.  DuDstall's  bt.    Beggar's  Opera,  and,  not  acted 
20  years,  Rival  Queens,  or  the  Death  of  Alexander 
the  Little.    Alexander  =  Dyer  :  Clytus  =  Dunstall : 
Lysiinachus  =  Davis  :  Roxana  =  Mr.  Wignell :  Statira 
=  Mr.  Shuter. 

23.  Miss  Wilford's  bt.     Busy  Body.     Miranda  = 
Miss  Wilford,  being  her  1st  appearance  as  an  Actress 

—  she  had  appeared  as  a  Dancer Miss  Wilford 

(afterwards  Mrs.  Bulkley)   was  niece  to  Rich — she 
was  possessed  of  an   elegant  figure,  and  had  every 
advantage  of  education  to  render   her  natural  requi- 
sites complete.     (Jackson.) 

24.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Mattocks,  late  Miss  Hallam. 
Comus,    and,    Never   acted    there,    Musical   Lady. 
Mask  —  Dyer  :  Old  Mask  =  Shuter  :    Sophy  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks. 

26.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  and  Miss  Vincent.  Relapse. 
Miss  Hoyden  =  Miss  Vincent,  1st  time:  Berinthia 
=  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

May  2.  Hull's  bt.  King  Lear.  Edgar  =  Hull  :— 
with,  Never  acted,  Spanish  Lady.  Worthy  =  Mat- 
tocks :  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Anna  =  Miss  Valois, 

her  1st  attempt  in  a  singing  part : — (B.  M.) the 

English  take  a  Spanish  city — Elvira  falls  in  love  with 
Worthy — when  Worthy  is  ordered  to  return  home, 
she  wishes  to  accompany  him — he  tells  her  that 


76  c.  G.    1764- 1765. 

there  is  a  lady  in  England  to  whom  he  is  engaged — 
she  devotes  herself  to  a  nunnery — this  musical  trifle 
is  attributed  to  Hull — the  author,  in  an  advertise- 
ment, dated  Dec.  8  1769,  says,  "  It  was  written  on 
"  receiving  the  news  of  a  signal  conquest  gained  in 
"  the  Spanish  West  Indies  by  the  English  forces  in 
"  1762  —  it  was  licensed  and  rehearsed,  when  some 
"  public  commotions  in  the  theatrical  world  pre- 
"  vented  the  intended  exhibition — it  has  now  under- 
"  gone  some  few  changes,  arid  is  to  be  considered 
"  merely  as  the  old  ballad  in  a  dramatic  dress." 

7.  Mrs.  Bellamy  acted  Lady  Fanciful. 

9.  Inconstant.     Bisarre  =  Miss  Macklin,  1st  time. 

1,5.  Siege  of  Damascus.  Phocyas  =  Ross :  Eume- 
nes  =  Younger:  Caled  =:  Smith:  Eudocia  =  Mrs. 
Bellamy  : — with  Citizen.  Maria  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

24.  Jane  Shore,  and  Apprentice— last  bill.  (Bills 
from  B.  M.) 

Luke  Sparks  acted  Glanville  in  Cleone  in  Dec., 
which  was  perhaps  his  last  performance—  —He  died 
at  an  advanced  age  Dec.  29  1768.  (B.  M.} 

He  acted  Young  Mirabel  at  Dublin  about  1732 
—  and  Clodio  in  1735 — he  acted  Younger  Wou'dbe 
at  D.  L.  May  18  1739,  after  which  he  seems  to 
have  returned  to  Ireland  for  6  years — for  his  per- 
formance of  the  King  in  Hamlet  see  D.  L.  April  18 
1748— for  his  Manly  (P.  H.)  see  C.  G.  Jan.  24  1751 
— for  his  Acasto,  Sciolto,  and  Younger  Wou'dbe,  see 
C.  G.  March  26  1753. 

The  account  of  Luke  Sparks  in  the  Thespian 
Dictionary  is  very  incorrect — Wilkinson  was  fond  of 
imitating  Sparks  in  Capulet,  (no  doubt  unfavour- 


c.  G.   1764-1765.  77 

ably)  but  the  Dramatic  Censor  says  that  he  did  great 
justice  to  the  part. 


Sparks9  characters — selection  only. 

D.  L.    1745.1746.    Old  Batchelor— Dr.  Wolf  in 
Norijuror — Syphax — Gardiner  in  Lady  Jane  Gray— 
Wolsey — Jaques  —  Horatio  in  F.  P. — Prospero— 
lago. 

1746-1747.  Acasto — Marcian  in  Theodosius  — 
King  in  Henry  4th  part  1st — Veritidius — Renault — 
Sealand — Faulconbridge — Cassius. 

1747-1748.     Albumazar  in  do — King  in  Hamlet. 

C.G.  1748-1749.  Sempronius — Brabantio — Aboan 
— Casca — Angelo — Corvino  in  Volpone — Eumenes 
in  Siege  of  Damascus. 

1 749- 1 750.     Capule  t — Sciolto  —Ford. 

1750-1751.  Merchant  of  Venice — Julius  Caesar 
— Lusignan. 

1751  1752.     Gloster  in  Jane  Shore — Tamerlane 
— Leon — Maskwell  in  D.   D. — Manly  in   P.  H.— 
Caled  in  Siege  of  Damascus — Roderigo  in  Pilgrim. 

1752-1753.  Gloster  in  Lear — Banquo — Pyrrhus 
in  D.  M. — Brutus. 

1753-1754.     Volpone. 

1754-1755.  Sir  John  Brute— Bajazet— Spanish 
Fry  ar— Pierre. 

1755-1756.     Clytus— Kent— Kite. 

1756-1757.     *Strangerin  Douglas. 

1758-1759.     *Glanville  in  Cleone— Peachum. 

1759-1760.     Surly  in  Sir  Courtly  Nice. 


78 


HAY.   1765. 


1760-1761.  King  John— Comus. 

1761-1762.  King  in  Henry  4th  part  2d 

1762-1763.  Seofrid  in  Royal  Convert. 

1763-1764.  Balance — probably  sooner. 

*  Originally. 


HAY.  1765. 


June  —  The  Commissary.  Zachary  Fungus  = 
Foote  :  Isaac  Fungus  (his  brother — a  tallow-chand- 
ler) —  Costollo:  Gruel  (a  teacher  of  oratory)  = 
Shuter  :  Dr.  Catgut  =  Parsons  :  Simon  —  Preston  : 
Young  Loveit  =  Davis  :  Bridoun  =  Gardner  :  Padua- 
soy  =  Keen:  Hackney-Coachman  =  Parsons:  Mrs. 
Mechlin  =  Miss  Cheney  :  Mrs.  Loveit  (a  rich  widow) 
•=.  Mr.  Shuter  :  Dolly  (Mrs.  Mechlin's  niece)  =  Miss 
Reynolds  :  Jenny  (Mrs.  Mechlin's  maid)  =  Mrs. 
Granger  : — Zachary  Fungus  had  acquired  a  large  for- 
tune as  a  Commissary  in  Germany — tho'  he  is  a  man 
of  low  birth,  arid  50  years  old,  yet  he  wants  to  be 
made  a  complete  Gentleman — for  this  purpose  he 
puts  himself  under  a  great  many  masters— he  is  de- 
sirous of  marrying  a  lady  of  rank  —Mrs.  Mechlin 
introduces  Dolly  to  him  as  the  daughter  of  a  Scotch 
Earl — the  trick  is  discovered,  but  Mrs.  Mechlin  had 


HAY.   1765.  79 

taken  care  to  procure  a  contract  from  Zachary  Fun- 
gus with  a  penalty  in  case  he  should  break  it — Mrs. 
Mechlin  is  a  very  accommodating  woman — she  pro- 
mises to  get  a  husband  for  Mrs.  Loveit when  the 

parties  are  introduced  to  one  another,  the  young 
husband  proves  to  be  Mrs.  Loveit's  own  son — Dr. 
Catgut  is  a  singing  master,  who  has  turned  poet — 
the  character  is  said  to  have  been  meant  for  Dr.  Arne 
— this  is  an  excellent  C.  in  3  acts  by  Foote — one 
passage  in  particular  deserves  to  be  quoted — "  I 
"  wonder  they  do  not  add  a  clause  to  the  act,  to  pre- 
"  vent  the  old  from  marrying  clandestinely,  as  well 
"  as  the  young  :  I  am  sure  there  are  as  many  unsuit- 

"  able  matches  at  this  time  of  life  as  the  other" 

Mrs.  Mechlin's  hitting  of  Zachary  Fungus  with  the 
foil,  and  to  a  certain  degree  the  various  masters  he 
puts  himself  under,  are  borrowed  from  the  Citizen 
turned  Gentleman  of  Moliere Foote  was  excel- 
lent in  the  Commissary,  and  Shuter  acted  the  Old 
Widow  with  singular  humour — the  Dramatic  Cen- 
sor, in  reviewing  this  play,  takes  no  notice  of  Par- 
sons in  the  Coachman,  but  says  Weston  acted  the 
part  so  well  that  he  wishes  there  was  more  of  him — 
the  character  itself  is  a  plagiarism. 

In  Injured  Love  1711,  Scrape  enters  in  woman's 
clothes,  with  a  Hackney  Coachman. 

Scrape.     Here's  your  hire  ;    but  wait  with   your 
Coach  hard  by. 

Coachm.     But,  Madam,  will  you  please  to  give 
something  to  drink  your  health  while  I  wait. 

Scrape.     Methinks,  Friend,  you  smell  strong  of 
drink  already. 

Coachm.     That  I  can't  help,  Madam. 


80  HAY.   1765. 

Scrape.  Why  so,  pr'ythee,  can't  you  spend  your 
money  some  other  way. 

Coachm.  No  madam,  for  when  a  lady,  as  you 
may  do,  gives  me  any  thing,  she  generally  says,  here 
fellow,  here's  something  to  drink  ;  so  you  see  the 
intention  of  the  founder  is,  that  I  should  spend  it  in 
drink  ;  and  I  cannot  do  otherwise  in  conscience. 

In  the  Commissary,  Mrs.  Mechlin  enters  followed 
hy  a  Hackney  Coachman. 

Mrs.  Mech.     Well,  fellow,  what's  your  fare  ? 

Coachm.  Mistress,  its  honestly  worth  half-a- 
crown. 

Mrs.  Mech.  Give  him  a  couple  of  shillings,  and 
send  him  away. 

Coachm.    I  hope  you'll  tip  me  the  tester  to  drink  ? 

Mrs.  M.  Them  there  fellows  are  never  contented  ; 
drink  !  stand  farther  off ;  why  you  smell  already  as 
strong  as  a  beer-barrel. 

Coachm.  Mistress,  that's  because  I  have  already 
been  drinking. 

Mrs.  M.  And  are  not  you  ashamed,  you  sot,  to 
be  eternally  guzzling?  You  had  better  buy  you 
some  cloaths. 

Coachm.  No,  mistress,  my  honour  won't  let  me 
do  that. 

Mrs  M.  Your  honour !  and  pray  how  does  that 
hinder  you  ? 

Coachm.  Why,  when  a  good  gentlewoman  like 
you,  cries,  here  Coachman,  here's  something  to 
drink 

Mrs.  M.     Well ! 

Coachm.  Would  it  be  honour  in  me  to  lay  it 
out  in  any  thing  else  ?  No,  mistress,  my  conscience 


TERENCE.  81 

won't  let  me,  because  why,  its  the  will  of  the  donor, 
you  know. 

When  Hook  in  Killing  no  Murder  made  Buskin, 
as  Boots,  sport  the  same  sentiments,  he  knew  he 
was  stealing  from  Foote,  but  he  probably  did  not 
know  that  he  was  stealing  stolen  goods. 


TERENCE. 

Colman  published  his  translation   of  Terence  in 

1765 Terence  wrote  many  Comedies,  of  which 

only  6  remain — C.  Caesar  said  of  him — 

"  Tu  quoque  tu  in  summis,  O  dimidiate  Menander, 

"  JPoneris,  et  merito,puri  sermonis  amator. 

"  Lenibus  atque  utinam  scriptis  adjunctaforet  vis 

"  Comica,  ut  cequato  virtus  polleret  Jionore 

"  Cum    Greeds,     neque    in  hac  despectus  parte 

"ja  ceres, 
"  Unum  hoc  maceror,  et  doleo  tibi  deesse, 

"  Terenti." 

1.  Andrian Pamphilus  is  in  love  with  Gly ce- 
rium, who  is  supposed  to  be  a  woman  of  Andros — 
Simo,  the  father  of  Pamphilus,  engages  him  to  marry 
Philumena,  the  daughter  of  Chremes  —  Chremes 
finds  out  that  Pamphilus  has  a  child  by  Glycerium, 

VOL.    V.  G 


82  TERENCE. 

and  breaks  off  the  match — at  the  conclusion,  Gly- 
cerium  proves  to  be  an  Athenian,  and  the  daughter 
of  Chremes — Pamphilus  marries  Glycerium,  and 
promises  to  get  Philumena  for  Charinus,  who  is  in 
love  with  her— Davus  the  servant  of  Simo  is  the 
principal  character — Glycerium  speaks  but  one  line 
— Philumena  does  not  appear — the  Andrian  is  a 
good  C.,  but  rather  of  too  grave  a  cast — Steele  has 
founded  his  Conscious  Lovers  on  it— and  Bellamy,  in 
his  Perjured  Devotee,  has  borrowed  the  serious  part 
of  his  plot  from  it. 

2.  Eunuch — this  is  Terence's  best  play — a  trans- 
lation of  it  was  acted  at  D.  L.  July  9  171? — Sedley 
adapted  it  to  modern  times  as  well  as  he  could — see 
Bellarnira  T.  R.  1687- 

3.  Heautontimorumenos,  or  the   Self-Tormentor. 
Menedemus  and  Chremes  are  two  old  men,  who  are 
neighbours  in  the  country — Clinia  is  son  to  Mene- 
demus— and  Clitipho  to  Chremes — Menedemus  had 
discovered  that  Clinia  was  in  love   with  Antiphila, 
who    is    supposed    to    be    the  daughter  of  a  poor 
woman — he  had  expressed  so  much  displeasure  on 
that  account,  that  Clinia  had   gone  abroad — at  the 
opening  of  the  play,  Menedemus  is  heartily  sorry  for 
his  severity  to  his  son — he   thinks  he  cannot  make 
himself  too    uncomfortable  —  at   the  end  of  three 
months  Clinia  returns,  but  not  to  his  father's   house 
— Clitipho  is  intimate  with  a  courtezan  called  Bac- 
chis — Syrus  and  another  servant  bring  Bacchis  and 
Antiphila  to  the  house  of  Chremes  —  they  pretend 
that  Bacchis  is  Clinia's  mistress — Chremes  is  angry 
with  Clitipho  for  having  taken  strange  liberties   with 
the  mistress  of  his  friend — he  at  last  discovers  that 


TERENCE. 


Bacchis  is  his  son's  courtezan,  and  not  Clinia's— 
Antiphila  proves  to  be  the  daughter  of  Chremes  — 
Clinia  marries  her  —  Chremes  is  with  difficulty  pre- 
vailed on  to  pardon  Clitipho  -  Chapman  adapted 
this  C.  to  the  English  stage—  he  improved  the  plot  — 
see  All  Fools  at  the  end  of  1744  —  it  is  one  of  the 
plays  reprinted  by  Reed. 

4.  Adelphi,  or  the  Brothers  -  Demea  and 
Micio  are  brothers  —  Demea  is  of  a  severe  disposi- 
tion —  Micio  is  of  a  mild  temper  —  Demea  had  given 
his  elder  son,  ^Eschinus,  to  Micio,  to  be  adopted  by 
him  —  Micio  had  educated  J^schinus  as  a  gentleman 
—Demea  had  brought  up  his  younger  son,  Ctesipho, 
in  the  country,  and  with  little  education  —  Ctesipho 
had  fallen  in  love  with  a  music  girl,  who  was  the 
property  of  Sannio  —  ^Eschinus  takes  the  girl  from 
Sannio,  and  forces  him  to  sell  her  —  Demea  hears  of 
what  JEschinus  had  done  —  and  comes  in  a  great 
passion  to  Micio—  he  has  no  suspicion  that  Ctesipho 
is  concerned  in  the  matter  —  ^Eschinus  had  seduced 
Pamphila,  who  is  the  daughter  of  a  poor  Athenian 
citizen  —  Demea  is  still  more  enraged  against  his 
elder  son  —  Micio  on  the  contrary  consents  that 
JEschinus  should  marry  Pamphila  —  Demea  at  last 
discovers  that  it  is  Ctesipho,  and  not  ^Eschinus,  who 
is  in  love  with  the  music  girl  —  he  is  prevailed  on  to 
let  Ctesipho  keep  the  girl  --  this  is  a  good  C.  —  a 
considerable  part  of  its  merit  consists  in  the  tricks 
which  Syrus,  the  servant  of  Micio,  plays  Demea 
—  ShadwelFs  Squire  of  Alsatia,  and  Cumberland's 
Choleric  Man  are  founded  on  this  play  —  Fielding,  in 
his  Fathers,  or  the  Good-natured  Man,  has  borrowed 
considerably  from  it. 

o  2 


84  TERENCE. 

5.  Hecyra,  or  the  Stepmother.  Pamphilus  is  the 
son  of  Laches  arid  Sostrata — he  had  lived  on  terms 
of  intimacy  with  a  courtezan  called  Bacchis — at  the 
instigation  of  his  father  he  had  married  Philumena, 
the  daughter  of  Phidippus  and  Myrrhina — he  had 
gone  to  Imbros  on  business — before  his  marriage  he 
had  one  night,  when  in  liquor,  ravished  a  virgin — he 
did  not  know  who  she  was — and  she  did  not  know  who 
was  her  ravisher — Pamphilus  had  taken  a  ring  from 
her,  and  given  it  to  Bacchis — in  the  3d  act  Pamphi- 
lus comes  home — he  finds  that  his  wife  had  gone 
back  to  her  mother's,  and  that  she  is  just  brought  to 
bed  of  a  son — Myrrhina  implores  Pamphilus  to  con- 
ceal her  daughter's  misfortune— he  promises  to  do 
so,  but  refuses  to  acknowledge  himself  as  the  father 
of  the  child — Myrrhina  and  Pamphilus  both  suppose 
that  the  father  of  the  child  is  some  other  person — at 
the  conclusion  it  appears,  that  the  girl  whom  Pamphi- 
lus had  ravished,  was  Philumena — this  discovery  is 
made  by  means  of  the  ring — Bacchis  behaves  in  a 
very  honorable  manner — and  Pamphilus  is  satisfied 
that  he  is  the  father  of  the  child — Sostrata,  who  gives 
the  title  to  the  play,  is  at  first  unjustly  suspected  of 
having  behaved  to  Philumena  in  such  a  manner  as  to 
make  her  return  to  her  mother — this  is  far  from  a 
bad  C. — but  some  parts  of  it  are  dull,  and  nearly 
the  whole  of  it  is  serious — Brooke  in  his  Charitable 
Association  has  borrowed  the  bulk  of  his  plot  from 
the  Stepmother. 

6.  Phormio.  Demipho  the  father  of  Antipho,  and 
Chremes  the  father  of  Phsedria,  are  brothers — they  had 
gone  abroad,  and  had  left  their  sons  under  the  care 
of  Geta,  who  is  the  servant  of  Demipho — Phsedria 


TERENCE.  S/5 

had  fallen  in  love  with  a  music  girl  —  Antipho  had 
fallen  in  love  with  Phanium  —  Phormio  had  sug- 
gested a  plan  by  which  Antipho  might  marry  Pha- 
nium, under  pretence  of  being  compelled  to  marry 
her  according  to  law — here  the  play  begins — De- 
mipho  returns  home,  and  is  very  angry  with  his  son 
for  being  married — Phormio,  who  is  a  fellow  of  con- 
summate impudence,  exculpates  Antipho,  and  sets 
Demipho  at  defiance — Chremes  returns — the  old 
men  agree  to  give  Phormio  SO  minre  to  take  Pha- 
nium off  their  hands — Phormio  gives  the  money  to 
Phsedria,  who  purchases  with  it  the  girl  with  whom 
he  is  in  love — Chremes  discovers  that  Phanium  is 
his  daughter — Demipho  endeavours  by  threats  to 
make  Phormio  refund  the  30  minse — Phormio  tells 
Nausistrata,  the  wife  of  Chremes,  that  her  husband  had 
had  a  second  wife  at  Lemnos — Chremes  is  fright- 
ened to  the  last  degree — Demipho  intercedes  for  him 
— Nausistrata  agrees  to  leave  the  decision  of  the 
matter  to  Phsedria — this  is  an  excellent  C. — Moliere 
borrowed  a  considerable  part  of  his  Cheats  of  Scapin 
from  it — Ravenscroft  in  his  Scaramouch  a  Philoso- 
pher, and  Otway  in  his  Cheats  of  Scapin,  borrowed 
considerably  from  Moliere — Colman  in  his  Man  of 
Business  has  taken  a  part  of  his  plot  from  Phormio. 


86  D.L.   1765-1766. 


D.   L.    1765-1766. 

Garrick,  on  his  return  from  the  Continent,  first  in- 
troduced the  present  commodious  method  of  illumi- 
nating the  stage  by  lights  not  visible  to  the  audience — 
M alone  says  that  previously  to  this  there  were  small 
circular  wooden  frames  furnished  with  candles,  8  of 
which  were  hung  on  the  stage,  4  on  either  side — but 
Wilkinson  tells  us  there  were  6  chandeliers  over  the 
stage,  every  one  containing  12  candles  in  brass  sock- 
ets ;   a  heavy  iron  was  joined  to  each  bottom,  larg 
enough  for  a  street  palisade. 

Sep.  14.  Beggar's  Opera,  and  Polly  Honeycombe, 
with  an  occasional  Prologue  by  King — there  was 
another  advertisement  to  signify  that  the  bills  were 
officially  inserted  in  the  Public  Advertiser  only. 

21.  Orphan,  and  High  Life.     Sir  Harry  =  Lee. 

24.  All  in  the  Wrong. 

26.  (28— Oct.  1  and  7.)  London  Merchant.  George 
Barn  well  —  Cautherley,  his  1st  appearance  :  (as  a 
man)  Thorowgood  =  Havard :  Blunt  =  Parsons  : 
Milwood  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Maria  =  Mrs.  Palmer  : — 
Garrick  was  very  partial  to  Cautherley,  and  no  doubt 
took  pains  with  him  ;  but  he  proved  little  more  than 
a  walking  Gentleman. 

Oct.  2.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier  =  Powell:  Pierre 
zzBensley,  his  1st  appearance:  Belvidera  =  Mrs. 
Yates. 

3.  (and  5)  Foundling.  Young  Belmont  =  Palmer, 
1st  time  :  Faddle  =  Dodd,  his  1st  appearance  there: 


D.L.   1765-1766.  87 

— rest  as  April  10  1764- — Wilkinson  says  he  met  with 
Dodd  in  the  Norwich  Company  in  1763. 

8.  Venice  Preserved,   with,  never  acted,  Daphne 
and  Amintor.      Amintor  =  Vernon  :  Daphne  —  M  iss 
Wright :     Mindora  —  Miss  Young  : — this  is  taken 
from  the  same  French  piece  as  Mrs.  Cibher's  Oracle, 
but  Bickerstaffe  has  enriched  his  translation  with  the 
addition  of  several  songs — in  his  preface  he  says — 
"  the  character  of  the  Fairy,  a  legendary  being, 
"  threw  upon    it   an  air    of  childishness ;    this    he 
"  hopes  he  has  in  some  measure  removed  by  making 
"  Mindora  a  Magician" — whom  he  seems  to  consi- 
der as  not  being  a  legendary  being. 

9.  Tancred  and  Sigismunda. 

10.  Jealous  Wife.     Lord  Trinket  =  Dodd. 

14.  Richard  3d. 

15.  Fair  Penitent.     Lothario  =  Powell :  Horatio  = 
Holland:  Calista  =  Mrs.  Fitzhenry,  (late  Mrs.  Gre- 
gory) her  1st  appearance  there: — she  was  not  an 
Imitator  of  any  performer,  where  she  excelled,  her 
merit  was  her  own  (Universal Mag.}  —  she  had  acted 
with  considerable  reputation  in  Ireland — Wilkinson 
says   she  was   at  this  time  intended  as  a  curb  on 
Mrs.  Yates — this  was  suspected  by  Mrs.  Yates'  friends 
and  the  public — Mrs.  Fitzhenry's  person  stood  no 
chance  against  the  beautiful  Mrs.  Yates ;   the  Irish 
Gentlemen  were  too  sanguine  ;    in  consequence  a 
violent  opposition  took  place,    and  Mrs.  Fitzhenry 
(notwithstanding  her  good  character  and  great  abili- 
ties) was  severely  and  cruelly  treated. 

16  and  19-  Fair  Penitent. 

18.    Provoked  Husband.     Lady  Townly  =  Mrs. 
Lessingham. 


88  D.  L.  1765-1766. 

22.  King  Lear.     Gentleman  Usher  —  Dodd. 

24.  Suspicious  Husband.  Ranger  =  King^:  Jack 
MeggoturDodd  :  Claririda  =  Miss  Pope. 

2,5.  Orphan  of  China.     Hamet^Bensley. 

26.  Orphan.     Ernesto  =  Parsons. 

28.  Macbeth  =  Holland  :  Banquo  —  Palmer  :  Rosse 
=  Lee  :  Lenox  =  Parsons  :  Wounded  Captain  = 
Aikin. 

30.  School  for  Lovers. 

31.  Mistake.     Leonora  =  Mrs.  Palmer,  1st  time. 
Nov.  1.  Venice  Preserved — Plays  stopped  on  ac- 
count of  the  death  of  the  Duke  of  Cumberland. 

11.  Tamerlane.  Tamerlane  is  omitted:  Bajazet  = 
Holland  :  Moneses  =  Powell :  Arpasia  —  Mrs.  Yates  : 
Selima=:Mrs.  Palmer. 

14.  By  Command.      Much  ado  about  Nothing. 
Benedick  =  Garrick  :    Beatrice  =:  Miss  Pope: — this 
was  Garrick's  1st  appearance  since  his  return  from 
abroad. 

15.  Distressed  Mother.     Orestes  =  Powell :  Pyrr- 
hus  =  H  olland  :  Hermione  =  Mrs.  Fitzhenry  :    An- 
dromache =  Mrs.  Yates. 

16.  Distressed  Mother,  with  Harlequin's  Invasion 
—Parsons  acted — probably  Abram. 

20  and  23.  Powell  acted  Posthumus  and  Lear — 
Garrick  did  not  resume  any  part  of  which  Powell 
was  in  possession,  except  Lusignan,  Lothario,  and 
Leon. 

25.  Not  acted  20  years,  Mahomet.  Alcanor  = 
Powell :  Zaphna  —  Cautherley  :  Mahomet  =  Bensley  : 
Pharon  =  Lee  :  Palmira  =  Mrs.  Palmer  : — acted  7  or 
8  times — the  names  of  the  performers  only  were  in 
the  bill,  as  if  the  play  had  been  a  new  one  ;  and  it 


D.  L.  1765-1766.  89 

was  said  to  be  revived  with  alterations— these  altera- 
tions are  slight— they  consist  chiefly  of  omissions — 
Garrick  has  made  some  verbal  alterations  for  the 
better,  and  some  for  the  worse. 

Nov.  27.  (and  29)  Way  to  keep  him.  Lovemore 
=  Holland:  Widow  Belmour  =  Mrs.  Abington,  her 
first  appearance  there  for  5  years. 

Dec.  3.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Powell :  Estifania 
—  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

5.  By  Command.      Provoked   Wife.      Sir  John 
Brute  =  Garrick  :  Lady  Brutes  Mrs.  Gibber  :    Lady 
Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Abington. 

Public  Advertiser  for  Dec.  2 — "  Mrs.  Gibber  is 

"  come  to  town  and  so  well  recovered  as  to  be  able 

"  to  appear  in  Belvidera  the  latter  end  of  the  week" 

—this  however  proved  the  last  time  but  one,  that  her 

name  was  in  the  bill. 

6.  Mourning   Bride.      Zara  =  Mrs.   Fitzhenry  : 
Almeria^Mrs.  Yates. 

7.  Not  acted  20  years,  Plain  Dealer.     Manly  (the 
Plain  Dealer)  =  Holland  :  Jerry  Blackacre  (son  to 
the  widow — a  minor)  =  Yates  :  Freeman  =.  Palmer : 
Novel  =  King:    Lord  Plausible  =  Parsons  :    Major 
Oldfox  =  Love  :  Vernish  =  Lee  :  Counsellor  Quillit  = 
Baddeley  :  Oakum  =  Moody  :  Fidelia  (in  love  with 
Manly)  =  Mrs.  Yates:    Widow  Blackacre  =  Mrs. 
Clive  :   Olivia  =  Miss  Pope:  Eli  za=  Miss  Plym: — 
with,  not  acted  5  years,  Virgin  Unmasked.     Coupee 

=  King  :  Quaver  =  Dodd  :    Blister  =  Love  :    Goodall 

Parsons  :  Miss  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Abington  : the  Plain 

Dealer  was  revived  on  this  evening  with  material 
alterations  by  Bickerstaffe — Parsons  acted  Lord  Plau- 
sible, but  in  the  play  as  printed  in  1766  Dodd's  name 


90  ».  L.  1765-1766. 

stands  to  the  part — it   appears  from  the  Dramatic 

Censor  that  they  had  both  acted  it in  the  original 

play  Manly  is  in  love  with  Olivia — he  considers  Ver- 
nish  as  the  only  person  worthy  of  his  friendship — lie 
had  sunk  his  ship  to  prevent  it  from  falling  into  the 
hands  of  the  enemy — on  his  return  home  Olivia  ac- 
knowledges that  she  is  married,  but  does  not  say  to 
whom— she  falls  in  love  with  Fidelia,  who  is  disguised 
as  a  man,  and  who  had  served  as  a  volunteer  under 
Manly — Fidelia  makes  Olivia  a  visit — she  is  accom- 
panied by  Manly,  but  at  some  distance — Olivia  retires, 
and  Manly  follows  her — Olivia  in  the  dark  mistakes 
Manly  for  Fidelia — she  gives  him  a  casket  in  which 
Manly's  own  jewels  are  contained — Olivia's  hus- 
band proves  to  be  Vernish — Olivia  and  Vernish  are 
exposed — Manly's  revenge  on  them  is  complete — 
Fidelia's  sex  is  discovered — Manly  marries  her 
there  is  an  important  underplot — Mrs.  Black- 
acre  is  a  litigious  widow  who  is  always  at  law — Free- 
man and  Major  Oldfox  are  suitors  to  her — the  former 
is  Manly's  lieutenant — the  latter  is  a  scribbler — she 
rejects  their  addresses,  not  choosing  to  put  herself 
(as  she  expresses  it)  under  Covert-Baron  again — 
Freeman  gets  possession  of  her  law  papers — Jerry 
puts  himself  under  Freeman's  protection,  and 
threatens  to  make  him  his  guardian — she  is  forced  to 
give  Freeman  an  annuity,  and  Jerry  an  allowance 

notwithstanding   the    excellence    of   the   Plain 

Dealer,  it  could  not  well  have  been  performed  before 
a  modern  audience  without  alterations — Bickerstaffe 
is  entitled  to  some  degree  of  credit  for  reforming  the 
exceptionable  parts  without  materially  mutilating  the 
plot — he  ought  however  to  have  retained  much  more 


D.  L.  17«5-1766.  <Ji 

of  the  original  dialogue— instead  of  which  he  has 
foisted  in  several  short  insipid  make-shift  scenes  of 
his  own. 

Dec.  13.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Gar- 
rick  :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Lady  Brute  — 
Mrs.  Gibber  : — her  name  in  the  bill  for  the  last  time. 

16.  Thomas  and  Sally.  Squire  =  Dodd  :  Thomas 
=  Vernon  :  Sally  =  Miss  Wright. 

28.  Another  advertisement  at  the  bottom  of  the 

bill  about  the  playbills Plays  stopped  on  account 

of  the  death  of . 

Jan.  6.  Merope.  Dorilas  =  Cautherley :  Poly- 
phontes  =  Havard  :  Narbas  is  omitted  :  Merope  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard. 

8.  Cymbeline,     Guideriuszz  Aikin. 

9.  Henry  4th.     Vernon  =  Lee  :  Carriers  =  Moody, 
and  Parsons. 

13.  Hamlet  =  Holland  :  Osrick  =  Dodd. 
20.  Mourning  Bride.      Zara  =    Mrs.  Fitzhenry, 
3d  time. 

23.  By  Command.     Zara.      Lusignan  =  Garrick  : 
Osman  =  Holland  :  Chatillion  =  Lee  :    Zara  =  Mrs. 
Yates  : — with  Lethe.     Lord  Chalkstone  =  Garrick : 
Drunken  Man  =  Yates  :  Fine  Gentleman  =  Dodd  : 
Old  Man  =  Parsons  :  Frenchman  =  King  :  Charon  = 
Moody  :  Fine  Lady  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

24.  Merry  Wives.      Falstaff=  Love  :    Ford  =  Ha- 
vard :  Sir  Hugh  Evans  =  Yates  :    Slender  =  Dodd  : 
Dr.  Caius=  Baddeley  :    Shallow  =  Parsons:    Mrs. 
Ford  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

29-  Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry  Wildair  =  Dodd  : 
Standard  =  Bensley  :  Beau  Clincher  =  Yates  :  Clin- 
cher Jun.  =  King  :  Smuggler  =  Parsons  :  Vizard  = 


92  D.  L.   1765-1766. 

Hurst:  Lady  Lurewell  =  Mrs.  Dodd,  1st  appearance 
there:  Angeli  can  Miss  Ply  m. 

31.  Garrick  acted  Lusignan,  and  Lord  Chalkstone. 

Feb.  3.  Tempest. 

4.  Orphan.     Polydore  =  Bensley,  1st  time. 

11.  Much  ado.     Benedick  =  Garrick  :    Don  John 


13.  Othello.     Roderigo  =  Dodd. 

20.  Never  acted,  Clandestine  Marriage.  Lord 
Ogleby  =  King :  Sterling  =  Yates  :  Lovewell  = 
Powell:  Sir  John  Melvil  =  Holland  :  Canton  =  Bad  - 
deley:  Brush  =  Palmer :  Serjeant  Flower  =  Love: 
Traverse  =  Lee  :  Trueman  =  Aikin  :  Mrs.  Heidel- 
berg =  Mrs.  Clive :  Miss  Sterling  =  Miss  Pope : 
Fanny  =  Mrs.  Palmer:  Chambermaid  =  Miss  Plym  : 

this  C.  was  written  by  Colmari  and  Garrick — 

Mrs.  Abington  acted  Betty  in  the  play  and  Miss 
Crotchet  in  the  Epilogue,  but  when  the  play  was 
printed,  she  would  not  suffer  her  name  to  be  put  to 
such  small  parts — this  was  quite  ridiculous,  as  her 
name  had  been  in  the  bills — I  have  the  real  bill  for 
the  seventh  night  of  the  Clandestine  Marriage,  with 
Mrs.  Abington's  name  in  it — Lord  Ogleby  proved  to 
be  King's  great  part — see  Wilkinson's  Memoirs — 
Garrick  after  he  had  left  the  stage  said  to  Cradock — 
"  I  know,  that  you  all  take  it  as  granted  that  no  one 
"  can  excel,  if  he  can  equal,  King  in  Lord  Ogleby, 
"  and  he  certainly  has  great  merit  in  the  part ;  but 
"  it  is  not  MY  Lord  Ogleby,  and  it  is  the  only 
"  character  in  which  I  should  now  wish  to  appear" 

— see  Cradock  vol.  1    p.  204 the   Editor  of  the 

B.  D.  in  speaking  of  False  Concord,  which  was 
brought  out  at  C.  G.  March  20  1?64,  says—"  it  is 


D.  L.  1765-1766.  93 

"  worthy  of  remark,  that  in  this  Farce  were  three 
"  characters  (Lord  Lavender,  Sudley,  an  enriched 
"  soap-hoiler,  and  a  pert  valet)  which  were  after- 
"  wards  transplanted,  with  the  dialogue  of  some 
"  scenes,  nearly  verbatim  into  the  Clandestine  Mar- 
"  riage,  under  the  names  of  Lord  Ogleby,  Sterling, 
"  and  Brush— these  facts  were  first  made  public  by 
"  Mr.  Roberdeau,  in  his  '  Fugitive  Verse  and  Prose/ 
"  published  in  1801 ;  Mr.  R.  having  married  a 

"  daughter  of  the  late  Mr.  Towriley  " it  is  a  pity 

that  Mr.  Roberdeau  did  not  print  False  Concord. 

15.  Mrs.  Pritchard's  bt.  Irish  Hospitality.  King 
— Palmer — Love— Packer — Lee — Aikin — Moody — 
Mrs.  Pritchard — Miss  Plym — Mrs.  Bradshaw  —  to 

conclude   with   a  Country  Dance Sir  Patrick 

Worthy  is  a  gentleman  of  a  plentiful  estate,  who 
makes  himself  very  popular  by  his  Hospitality — he 
has  3  children — Charles,  Myra,  and  Penelope — 
Charles  wishes  to  seduce  Winnifred,  who  is  the 
daughter  of  one  of  Sir  Patrick's  tenants,  and  who 
had  been  treated  with  great  kindness  by  Sir  Patrick 
— Charles,  not  being  able  to  effect  his  purpose,  offers 
to  marry  her — she  accepts  his  offer  with  reluctance, 
as  not  liking  to  offend  Sir,  Patrick — the  ceremony  is 
performed  by  Trusty,  Charles'  servant — Trusty  after- 
wards acknowledges  to  Sir  Patrick  what  he  had  done 
—Sir  Patrick,  in  the  last  scene,  expresses  a  wish 
that  his  son  would  marry — Charles  is  averse  from 
marriage—  Sir  Patrick  then  says  he  will  marry  him- 
self— he  presents  Winnifred  to  the  company  as  his 
intended  wife — Charles  declares  his  love  for  her—- 
and Sir  Patrick  readily  consents  to  their  union— 
Myra  and  Penelope  marry  Goodlove  and  Young  Ge- 


94  D.  L.   1765-1766. 

nerous — the  scene  lies  at  Mount  Worthy  in  Fingall 
— the  Time  is  8  hours — Irish  Hospitality,  or  Virtue 
Rewarded,  was  written  by  Charles  Shadwell — it  is 
an  indifferent  C.—  it  was  acted  and  printed  at  Dublin 
about  1720  —on  the  revival  at  D.  L.  King,  Palmer, 
and  Mrs.  Bradshaw  seem  to  have  acted  Charles, 
Young  Generous,  and  Lady  Peevish — it  is  not  easy 
to  give  a  probable  guess  as  to  the  remainder  of  the 
cast. 

17.  Mrs.  dive's  bt.  Plain  Dealer,  and  Capricious 
Lovers. 

18.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Yates.    Heroic  Love.    Powell 
— Holland — Bensley — Love — Havard — Mrs.   Yates, 
and  Mrs.  Hopkins— (with    Choice) — Powell — Hol- 
land— Mrs.  Yates,  and  Mrs.  Hopkins,  no  doubt  acted 
Agamemnon — Achilles — Chruseis,  and  Briseis,  but 
it  is  not  possible  to  say  with  certainty  which  part 
each  of  them  performed — Mrs.  Yates   was  probably 
Chruseis,  as  that  is  a  better  character  than  Briseis — 
Bensley  and  Havard  seem  to  have  acted  Ulysses  and 
Nestor. 

20.  Holland's  bt.  King  John.  King  John  = 
Powell,  1st  time  :  Bastard  =3  Holland,  1st  time  :  Hu- 
bert =  H  avard  :  King  of  France  =  Lee  :  Dauphin  = 
Cautherley,  1st  time :  Pembroke  =  Aikin  :  Chatillon 
=  Vernon  :  English  Herald  =  Moody  :  Constance  = 
Mrs.  Yates  :  Queen  Elinor  =  Mrs.  Bennet :  Blanch 
=  Miss  Plym  -.—with  Citizen.  Old  Philpot  =  Bad- 
deley  :  Young  Philpot  =  King  :  Young  Wilding  = 
Lee  :  Maria  (with  a  new  occasional  Prologue)  =  Miss 
Elliot. 

22.  Powell's  bt.     All  for  Love,  revived.     Antony 
=  Powell :    Ventidius  =  Holland  :    Dolabella  =  Lee  : 


D.  L.   1765-1766.  95 

Alexas  =  Dodd :  Cleopatra  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Octavia  = 
Mrs.  Hopkins,  r.  b. 

31.  For  bt.  of  Yates.  Plain  Dealer,  about  14th 
time. 

April  1.  King's  bt.  Othello.  Roderigo  =  King  : 
— with  Harlequin's  Invasion.  Harlequin  =  King  : 
Snip  =  Yates :  Mercury  =  Dodd  :  Frenchman  =  Bad- 
deley:  Dolly  Snip  =  Miss  Pope. 

2.  Palmer's  bt.     Macbeth. 

4.  Miss  Pope's  bt.      Conscious   Lovers.      Young 
Bevii  =  Holland :    Tom  =  King  :    Myrtle  =  Palmer : 
Phillis  =  Miss  Pope,  1st  time  :  Indiana  =  Mrs.  Yates : 
— with  Musical  Lady. 

5.  Vernon's  bt.      King  Lear.     Lear  =  Powell : 
Cordelias  Mrs.  Yates  : — with  Daphne  and  Amintor. 

7»  Mrs.  Palmer's  bt.  Jane  Shore.  Hastings  =. 
Holland  :  Jane  Shore  (for  that  night  only)  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard  :  Alicia  =  Mrs.  Palmer. 

8.  Mrs.   Abington's  bt.     Rule  a  Wife.     Copper 
Captain  =  Palmer  :  Estifania  =  Mrs.  Abington. 

9.  Mrs.  Fitzhenry's  bt.    Rival  Queens.  Alexander 
=  Powell  :  Statira  =  Mrs.  Palmer:  Roxana  (with  an 
Epilogue)  =  Mrs.  Fitzheriry.. 

11.  Havard's  bt.     King  John. 

12.  Love's  bt.     Never  acted,  Falstaff's  Wedding. 
Falstaff=:  Love  :    Shallow  =  Parsons  :   Pistol  =  King  : 
Slender  =  Dodd  :    Bardolph  =.  Moody  :    Dr.  Caius  — 
Baddeley  :  Plead  well  =  Aikin  :  Friar  =  Burton  :  Nym 
=  Ackman  :    Dame  Ursula  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :    Mrs. 
Quickly  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw :    Dol  Tearsheet  =  Mrs. 
Dorman  :   Bridget  =  Mrs.  Bennet : — seemingly  acted 
but   once — Kenrick  in  1766  published   "  Falstaff's 
"  Wedding — a  sequel  to  the  2d  part  of  Henry  the 


96  D.L.  1765-1766. 

"  4th — written  in  imitation  of  Shakspeare — In  mag- 
"  nis  voluisse  sat  est" — in  his  preface,  which  is 
dated  Jan.  the  1st,  he  says — "  this  piece  remained  6 
"  years  in  the  bookseller's  warehouse  after  it  was 
"  printed — several  of  the  author's  friends  have  con- 
"  ceived  that  it  might  be  brought  on  the  stage  with 
"  success,  for  which  however  it  was  never  planned 
"  nor  intended" — in  this  edition  King  Henry  the  5th 
— Lord  Scroop — the  Earl  of  Cambridge — Eleanor, 
sister  to  Poins,  &c.  are  part  of  the  D.  P. — Scroop 
and  Cambridge  hire  Falstaff  to  kill  the  King — he 
discovers  the  conspiracy,  and  is  reinstated  in  the 
King's  favour — these  serious  scenes  were  very  pro- 
perly omitted,  when  Kenrick  new-modelled  his  piece 
for  representation. 

The  play  as  acted  begins  on  the  day  of  the  Corona- 
tion of  Henry  the  5th — Falstaff  enters,  and  describes 
the  manner  in  which  the  King  had  treated  him,  &c. 
— Shallow,  with  Pleadwell  to  assist  him,  demands 
the  payment  of  £1000  which  he  had  lent  to  Falstaff 
— Falstaff  evades  the  payment  as  he  had  given  Shal- 
low no  security — Shallow  challenges  Falstaff— they 
fight — Falstaff  gets  the  better  of  Shallow — he  mar- 
ries Dame  Ursula — these  scenes  do  Kenrick  credit 
— as  Kenrick  had  omitted  so  much  of  the  old  play, 
he  was  obliged  to  make  considerable  additions — he 
has  enlarged  the  parts  of  Shallow,  Slender,  and  Pistol 
—and  made  Nym  one  of  the  D.  P.— the  apothecary 
in  the  old  play  is  turned  into  Dr.  Caius — Nym  lays 
a  plan  for  getting  Mrs.  Quickly  and  Dol  married  to 
Shallow  arid  Slender — Falstaff  contrives  to  have  them 
married  to  Pistol  and  Nym — these  additions  were 
perhaps  made  in  a  hurry— they  are  by  no  means 


D.  L.  1765-1766.  97 

equal  to  the  other  scenes — Kenrick's  Falstaff  is  vastly 
iuferiour  to  the  inimitable  original — Kenrick  has 
however  drawn  the  character  with  a  great  degree  of 
spirit  and  humour — his  play  certainly  deserved  bet- 
ter success  than  it  met  with. 

April  14.  Miss  Wright's  bt.  Beggar's  Opera. 
Polly  =  Miss  Wright :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Abington. 

16.  Bensley's  bt.  Venice  Preserved,  with,  never 
acted,  the  Hobby  Horse.  King,  Palmer,  Dodd,  Love, 
Moody,  Aikin,  Parsons,  Miss  Pope,  and  Miss  Plym 
—not  printed. 

18.  For  Miss  Plym,  and  Miss  Ford.  Rival  Queens. 
Roxana  =  Mrs.    Pritchard:  —  with   Country  Wife. 
Pinch  wife  =  Lee  :  Sparkish  =  Dodd  :  Margery  =  Miss 
Plym. 

19.  Zara.     Lusignan  =  Powell. 

22.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Hopkins.  Cymbeline, 
and,  never  acted  there,  Gentle  Shepherd. 

2,5.  Dodd's  bt.  Love's  last  Shift.  Sir  Novelty 
Fashion  =  Dodd  :  Loveless  =  Havard :  Younger 
Worthy  =  Palmer  :  Snap  =  Yates  :  Amanda  =  Mrs. 
Dodd,  her  2d  appearance  on  this  stage  :  Narcissa  = 
Mrs.  Palmer:  H  illaria  =  Miss  Plym  :  Flareit  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins: — with  Miss  in  her  Teens.  Fribble  = 
Dodd  :  Flash  =  King  :  Miss  Biddy  =  Miss  Davies. 

26.  For  bt.  of  Packer  and  Brarisby.  All  for  Love, 
and  Devil  to  Pay.  Nell  =  Miss  Pope. 

28.  Hamlet,   and  Devil  to  Pay. 

29.  For  bt.  of  Mr.   and  Mrs.  Baddeley.     King 
Lear.      Gentleman  Usher  =  B addeley  :    Cordelia  = 
Mrs.  Baddeley. 

May  2.  Romeo  and  Juliet,  with  Catharine  and  Pe- 

VOL.  V.  H 


98  D.  L.  1765-1766. 

truchio  by  Mrs.   Abington  and  King :    Grumio  = 
Yates. 

3.  Acted  but  once  tbese  23  years,  Committee. 
Teague  =  Moody  :  Careless  =  Palmer  :  Obediah  — 
Love:  Day  —  Baddeley :  Abel  =  King:  Mrs.  Day  = 
Mrs.  Dorman,  1st  time:  Ruth  •=.  Mrs.  Hopkins: 
Arbella  —  Miss  Plym.  r.  b. 

5.  For  bt.  of  Miss  Rogers,  and  others.  Henry 
4th,  part  2d.  King  =  Powell  :  Prince  of  Wales  — 
Holland:  Prince  John  =  Lee  :  Archbishop  of  York 
=  Havard:  Falstaff  =  Love :  Shallow  =  Yates  :  Pistol 
=  King :  Silence  =.  Rooker :  Poins  =  Packer :  Hostess 
=  Mrs.  Bradshaw  :  Doll  Tearsheet  =  Mrs.  Lee. 

9.  Jane  Shore  =  Mrs.   Hopkins  :    Alicia  =  Mrs. 
Palmer. 

10.  Way  of  the  World.  Millamant=:Mrs.  Abington. 
12.  Suspicious  Husband.      Ranger  =  King  :    Cla- 

rinda^Miss  Pope. 

15.  Clandestine  Marriage,  19th  time. 

16.  King  acted  Tom  and  Flash.     The  Public  Advt. 
says  that  he  broke  his  thigh  the  next  day  by  a  fall 
from  his  horse. 

19  and  20.  Palmer  acted  Col.  Feign  well  and  Archer. 

21.  Busy  Body.     Marplot  =  Dodd  : — with  Miss  in 
her  Teens.     Flash  =  Lee,  1st  time :    Miss  Biddy  = 
Miss  Pope. 

22.  Towards  raising  a  Fund  for  the  relief  of  those 
who  from  their  infirmities  shall  be  obliged  to  retire 
from  the  stage.     Every  Man  in  his  Humour.    Kitely 
(with  an  occasional  Prologue)  =  Garrick  : — the  Pit 
and  Boxes  are  laid  together  and  no  admittance  into 
the  Pit,  but  through  the  Boxes  and  with  tickets. 

The  plays   are  advertised  only  in  the  Public  Adv. 


D.  L.    1765-1766.  99 

by  direction  of  the    Managers last  bill.     (Bills 

from  B.  M.) 

Garrick  acted  Benedick  3  times — Brute  2— Lu- 

signan  2— Lord  Chalkstone  2 On  March  13  his 

name  was  among  the  arrivals  at  Bath  ;  after  which 
time  he  only  acted  Kitely. 

Mrs.  Cibber  died  Jan.  30th. 

Davies  says  — "  her  great  excellence  consisted  in 
"  that  simplicity,  which  needed  no  ornament ;  in  that 
"  sensibility,  which  despised  all  art — there  was  in  her 
"  person  little  or  no  elegance  ;  in  her  countenance  a 
"  small  share  of  beauty,  but  nature  had  given  her 
"  such  symmetry  of  form  and  fine  expression  of  fea- 
"  ture,  that  she  preserved  all  the  appearance  of  youth 
"  long  after  she  had  reached  to  middle  life— the  har- 
"  mony  of  her  voice  was  as  powerful  as  the  anima- 
"  tion  of  her  look — in  grief  and  tenderness,  her  eyes 
"  looked  as  if  they  swam  in  tears — in  rage  and  de- 
"  spair  they  seemed  to  dart  flashes  of  fire — in  spite 
"  of  the  unimportance  of  her  figure,  she  maintained 
"  a  dignity  in  her  action  and  a  grace  in  her  step— she 
"  was  a  perfect  judge  of  music,  and  tho*  she  was  not 
"  mistress  of  a  voice  requisite  to  a  capital  singer,  yet 
"  her  fine  taste  was  sure  to  gain  her  the  applause  and 
"approbation  of  the  best  judges." 

Wilkinson  says  that  from  Garrick,  Quin,  Mrs. 
Bellamy,  Mrs.  Crawford,  and  others,  he  could  con- 
vey to  any  hearer  a  strong  idea  of  their  manners, 
tones,  &c.  which  would  be  acknowledged  and  allowed 
as  real  traits  by  the  most  rigid  observer  ;  but  that 
Mrs.  Gibber's  excellence  was  of  that  superiour  kind 
that  he  could  only  retain  her  in  his  mind's  eye — not 
that  all  her  characters  were  equally  astonishing,  for 

H  2 


100  D.  L.   1765-1766. 

she  was  but  a  mere  mortal — yet  her  Belvidera,  Con- 
stance and  Juliet  were  truly  excellent — she  was  the 
best  Ophelia  that  there  ever  was,  either  before  or 
since— her  singing,  voice,  figure  and  features,  all 
combined  to  make  her  superiour  to  any  body  else — 
no  eloquence  can  paint  her  distressed  and  distracted 
look  when  she  said  "  Lord,  we  know  what  we  are, 
"  but  know  not  what  we  may  be  " — (  Wilkinson)— 
in  the  mad  scene  of  Alicia,  the  expression  of  her 
countenance,  and  the  irresistible  magic  of  her  voice, 
thrilled  to  the  very  soul  of  the  whole  audience — 
(Murphy} — she  had  a  peculiarly  neat  simplicity  of 
manners  in  Comedy,  as  in  Indiana,  &c. —  but  her 
fine  Ladies  and  parts  of  striking  humour  had  better 
be  forgotten — Wilkinson  adds,  that  in  speaking  an 
Epilogue  she  was  equal,  if  not  superiour,  to  any 
actress  that  he  remembered — this  seems  rather  odd, 
as  she  had  not  much  turn  for  Comedy. 

Cradock  says — "  Mrs.  Cibber  was  charming  in 
"  every  part  she  undertook,  but  she  appeared  to  be 
"  identified  with  Ophelia." 


Mrs.  Gibber's  characters. 

Miss  Susanna  Maria  Arne  came  on  the  stage  as  a 
Singer — she  had  a  benefit  at  D.  L.  March  28  1734, 
when  she  acted  Venus  in  Love  and  Glory — on  May 
24  she  acted  Psyche  as  Mrs.  Cibber — on  Dec.  14 
she  acted  the  Italian  Lady  in  a  Pantomime — in  the 
summer  of  1735  she  was  advertised  for  the  Heroick 
Daughter,  but  did  not  act  the  part — she  made  her 
1st  appearance  as  an  actress,  at  D.  L.  Jan.  12  1736, 


D.  L.   1765-1766.  101 

in  Zara — on  Feb.  9  she  acted  Indiana— and  then 
Amanda  in  Love's  last  Shift— and  Andromache. 

D.  L.  1736-1737.  Statira— Eudocia  in  Siege  of 
Damascus — Ophelia — Almeria  in  M.  B. — Isabella  in 
M.  for  M. — Monimia. 

1737-1738.  Marcia  in  Cato — Desdemona — Belvi- 
dera  (probably  in  1736-1737) — *Lady  in  Comus — 
Cleopatra  in  All  for  Love — Mrs.  Loveit  in  Man  of 
the  Mode — *Cassandra  in  Agamemnon. 

She  left  the  stage  till  1741-1742,  when  she  was 
engaged  at  Dublin — she  acted  Polly  Peach um — 
Hitchcock  says  she  acted  the  Queen  in  the  Spanish 
Fryar — but  this  is  perhaps  a  mistake  for  Elvira. 

C.  G.    1742-1743.     Leetitia  in   Old   Batchelor— 
Elvira  in  Spanish  Fryar — Lady  Anne  in  Richard  the 
3d  —  Celia   in    Volpone  —  Calista  —  Lady  Brute — 
Country  Wife— Cordelia. 

1743-1744.    She  seems  not  to  have  been  engaged. 

D.  L.  1744-1745.     Arpasia  in   Tamerlane — Con- 
stance— Lady  Townly — *  Sigismunda. 

In  1745-1746  she  was  not  engaged — but  she  acted 
Polly  3  times  at  C.  G. — and  Monimia  at  D.  L.  for 
Mrs.  Arne's  bt. 

C.  G.  1746-1747.     Alicia. 

D.  L.  1747-1748.     "Fidelia  in  Foundling. 
1748-1749.     Mrs.  Sullen  —  Juliet  —  *Arpasia  in 

Irene. 

1749-1750.  Not  engaged. 

C.  G.  1750-1751.     Leonora  in  Revenge. 

1751-1752.  Imoinda  in  Oroonoko— Athanais  in 
Theodosius — Lady  Macbeth — *Cinthia  in  Oracle. 

1752-1753.     'Rutland  in  Jones'  Essex. 


102  D.  L.  1765-1766. 

D.  L.  1753.1754.  *Venusia  in  Boadicea— *  Vir- 
ginia in  do. 

1754-1755.  2d  Constantia  in  Chances — *Zaphira 
in  Barbarossa. 

1755-1756.  *Perdita  in  Winter's  Tale  altered— 
*Thyra  in  Athelstan— Estifania. 

1756-1757-     No  new  character. 

1757-1758.  Isabella  in  Fatal  Marriage — *Mrs. 
Wilding  in  Gamester  altered — *Euanthe  in  Agis. 

1758-1759.  Amestris  in  Ambitious  Step-mother — 
Eurydice  in  do. 

1759.1760.  Lady  Sadlife— *Imoinda  in  Oroonoko 
altered — *  Cornelia  in  Siege  of  Aquileia. 

1760-1761.  Widow  Bellmour— Violante  in  Won- 
der. 

1761-1662.     *Cselia  in  School  for  Lovers. 

1762-1763.     *Elvira  in  do. 

1763-1764.     Seemingly  not  engaged. 

1764-1765.7  She  was  engaged,  but  acted  no  new 

1765-1766.3      part. 

*  Originally. 

"  A  Dialogue  in  the  Shades  between  the  celebrated 
"  Mrs.  Cibber,  and  the  no  less  celebrated  Mrs.  Wof- 
"  fington,  both  of  amorous  memory  "  was  published 
not  long  after  the  former's  death — this  catchpenny 
pamphlet  contains  little  theatrical  information,  but 
it  may  amuse  those  who  are  fond  of  the  private  his- 
tory of  actresses — what  is  said  of  Theophilus  Cibber 
and  his  wife  is  not  correct — see  the  end  of  D.  L. 
1737-1738. 


c.  G.  1765-1766. 


C.  G.  1765-1766. 

Sep.  16.  Stratagem,  with  Devil  to  Pay.  Sir  John 
Loverulezr  Mattocks  :  Nell  =  Mrs.  Green. 

18.  Hamlet 20.  Relapse. 

23.  King  Lear.     Cordeli a  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

25.  Way  of  the  World,  and  Catharine  and 
Petruchio. 

27.  Love  makes  a  Man.    Louisa  =  Mrs.  Burden, 
her  1st  appearance  there  for  3  years. 

SO.  Richard  3d. 

Oct.  2.  Recruiting  Officer,  with  Duke  and  no  Duke. 

3.  Royal  Convert,  and  Cheats  of  Scapin. 

4.  Love  in  a  Village 5.  Busy  Body. 

6.  Romeo  and  Juliet.     Juliet  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 
9.  Jane  Shore— as  Feb.  13  1764. 

11.  Provoked  Husband.      Lady  Townly  =  Mrs. 
Bellamy. 

12.  Maid  of  the  Mill,  and  Knights. 

14.  Macbeth  =  Ross  :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Ward. 

15.  Beggar's  Opera,  and  Apprentice,  by  Woodward. 

16.  Rule  a  Wife.     Estifania  =  Miss  Wilford,  her 
2d  appearance. 

17.  Inconstant. 

22.  Comus.     Lady  — Mrs.  Bellamy. 

23.  Mourning  Bride— 26,  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife. 

28.  Othello  =  Ross :  Iago  =  Smith:  Desdemona  = 
Mrs.  Bellamy. 

30.  Merry  Wives 31.  Confederacy. 

Nov.  1.  Intriguing  Chambermaid.  Oldcastle  = 
Lewis. 


104  c.  G.  1765-1766. 

Plays  stopped  till 11.  Hamlet. 

13.  (and  14)  Conscious  Lovers.  IridiananiMrs. 
Bellamy  :  Phillis  =  Miss  Wilford,  1st  time. 

19.  Mrs.  Gardner,  late  Miss  Cheney,  acted  Miss 
Prue. 

20.  Jovial  Crew. 

22.  Country  Lasses.  Flora  =  Miss  Wilford,  1st  time. 

27.  Henry  4th  part  1st 28.  Love's  last  Shift. 

Dec.  3.  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not. 

6.  Never  acted,  Summer's  Tale.  Bellafont  = 
Beard  :  Sir  Antony  Withers  (father  to  Frederick 
and  Maria) zzShuter:  Frederick  (in  love  with  Amelia) 
=  Mattocks  :  Henry  (a  country  youth)  =  Dyer : 
Shifter  (an  attorney)  =  Dunstall :  Ferdinand  (Bella- 
font's  servant)  =  Morris :  Peter  =  Costollo  :  Maria 
=  Miss  Brent:  Amelia  (in  love  with  Frederick)  = 
Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Olivia  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  —  acted 
about  9  times — Capt.  Bellafont  is  in  love  with  Maria 
— she  likes  him,  but  will  not  own  it — Bellafont  is 
nephew  to  Lord  Lovington,  but  as  he  has  no  fortune 
except  his  commission,  he  has  little  hopes  of  obtain- 
ing Sir  Antony's  consent— be  learns  from  Sir  Antony 
that  Maria  is  designed  to  be  married  to  Lord  Loving- 
ton — he  is  struck  with  the  thought  of  personating 
his  uncle— he  bribes  Shifter  to  introduce  him  to  Sir 
Antony  as  Lord  Lovington  —  Maria  knows  him 
through  his  disguise,  and  determines  to  teaze  him — 
Amelia  had  eloped  from  her  father's  house  to  avoid 
a  disagreeable  match — she  assumes  the  name  of  Clara 
- — Sir  Antony,  who  is  of  an  amorous  disposition, 
takes  a  fancy  to  her — she  laughs  at  him — Henry  falls 
in  love  with  her,  supposing  her  to  be  of  no  higher 
rank  than  that  in  which  she  appears — in  the  2d  act 


c.  G.  1765-1766.  105 

she  tells  him  that  she  is  a  lady  of  fortune,  and  advises 
him  to  draw  an  useful  conclusion  from  what  she  has 
told  him — at  the  conclusion,  Bellafont  really  succeeds 
to  the  title  of  Lovington — he  marries  Maria — Frede- 
rick marries  Amelia — she  wants  to  send  a  message 
to  her  friends — Henry  willingly  undertakes  to  carry 
it,  as  he  wishes  to  be  absent  when  Amelia  is  married 
— this  is  a  Musical  Comedy  in  3  acts  by  Cumberland 
— it  is  much  upon  a  par  with  things  of  that  sort  — it 
is  the  2d  play  that  he  wrote,  and  the  1st  that  was 
acted — it  was  performed  without  much  applause,  ex- 
cept what  the  vocal  performers  obtained — as  the  cha- 
racters of  Henry  arid  Amelia  had  preserved  them- 
selves a  place  in  the  good  opinion  of  the  audience 
by  the  simplicity  of  the  style,  and  the  address  of  Mrs. 
Mattocks  and  Dyer,  it  was  thought  advisable  to  cut 
this  Opera  down  to  2  acts,  and  exhibit  it  as  Amelia, 
when  it  was  acted  with  very  tolerable  success — see 

C.  G.  April  12  1768 One  day  when  Cumberland 

was  leaving  the  theatre  after  a  Rehearsal  of  the 
Summer's  Tale,  Smith  the  actor,  who  was  acquainted 
with  him  at  Cambridge,  kindly  remonstrated  with 
him  for  employing  his  talents  on  an  Opera ;  and  de- 
manded in  a  tone  of  encouragement,  why  he  did  not 
rather  aim  at  writing  a  good  Comedy,  than  dabbling 
in  these  sing-song  pieces  ? — this  made  a  sensible  im- 
pression on  Cumberland's  mind,  and  he  determined 
to  attempt  what  Smith  had  recommended.  (Cum- 
berland.) 

10.  Earl  of  Essex 12.  Squire  of  Alsatia. 

20.  Old  Maid.     Mrs.  Harlow  =  Miss  Wilford,  1st 
time. 


106  c.  G.    1765-1766. 

26.  Not  acted  4  years,  Drummer.     Faritome^ 
Hull  -.—rest  as  Jan.  28  1762. 

28.  Plays  stopped  on  account  of  the  death  of . 

Jan.  9-  Never  acted,  Double  Mistake.  Lord 
Belmont  =  Ross  :  Sir  Charles  Somerville  (his  friend) 
=  Smith:  Mr.  Belmont  (Lord  Belmont's  uncle)  = 
Shuter  :  Elder  Freeman  (a  banker)  =  Hull :  Younger 
Freeman  (a  fortunehunter)  =  Dyer :  Southerne  = 
Dunstall :  Emily  (his  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : 
Lady  Mary  and  Lady  Louisa  Belmont  (sisters  to 
Lord  Belmont)  —  Miss  Macklin  and  Miss  Wilford  : 
Lady  Bridget  Belmont  (his  aunt)  =  Mrs.  Walker : — 
acted  about  15  times — Sir  Charles  and  Emily  were 
mutually  attached — Southerne  had  refused  his  con- 
sent to  their  union — Emily  had  granted  Sir  Charles 
a  private  interview — a  strange  gentleman  had  rushed 
out  of  her  closet — during  the  confusion  which  this 
circumstance  had  occasioned,  Emily  had  thrown  her- 
self into  a  night  coach  which  was  setting  off  for 
London — on  her  arrival  in  town  she  puts  herself 
under  the  protection  of  Lord  Belmont,  who  is  her 
cousin — Young  Freeman  pays  his  addresses  to  Lady 
Louisa  --  she  is  of  a  romantic  turn,  and  forbids 
him  to  mention  the  matter  to  her  brother  —  in 
the  5th  act,  he  makes  Lady  Louisa  a  visit  — 
the  family  is  alarmed  —  Young  Freeman,  in  at- 
tempting to  make  his  escape,  pushes  open  a  door, 
and  to  his  great  surprise  finds  Emily  in  the  room — 
when  Lord  Belmont  calls  on  him  to  account  for 
being  in  the  house  at  midnight,  he  says  that  he 
came  to  see  Emily — she  faints — Lady  Louisa 
acknowledges  that  Young  Freeman  came  to  her — 


c.  G.   1765-1766.  107 

she  breaks  off  her  connexion  with  him — he,  at 
last,  clears  up  Emily's  character,  by  confessing  that 
he  was  the  person  whom  Sir  Charles  had  found 
in  her  closet  at  Bath — and  that  the  reason  of  his 
being  there  was  an  intrigue  which  he  had  with  her 
maid — Sir  Charles  is  reconciled  to  Emily — Southerne 

consents  to  their  marriage this  is  a  moderate  C. 

attributed  to  Mrs.  Griffith — the  first  4  acts  are  dull 
— the  5th  is  good — that  part  of  the  plot  which  con- 
cerns Emily  and  Young  Freeman  is  taken  from  Lord 
Bristol's  Elvira. 

29.  For  the  author.     Summer's  Tale. 

In  the  Public  Advertiser  for  Feb.  3.  The  Per- 
formers of  C.  G.  return  their  sincere  thanks  to  Cum- 
berland for  his  generous  donation  of  the  profits  of 
the  9th  performance  of  the  Summer's  Tale,  amount- 
ing to  £?4,  for  the  use  of  the  new  established  Theat- 
rical Fund — for  the  Theatrical  Fund  see  1775-1776. 

31.  Not  acted  8  years,  Julius  Caesar.  Brutus  = 
Walker :  Cassius  =  Smith  :  Antony  =Ross  :  Julius 
Caesar  =  Clarke  :  Portia  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  : — Julius 
Caesar  was  printed  in  1719  as  altered  by  Davenant 
and  Dryden— the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  says  that  the 
following  ridiculous  rant  was  spoken  by  Walker,  at 
the  close  of  the  4th  act,  when  he  played  Brutus 
at  C.  G. 

"  Sure  they  have  rais'd  some  devil  to  their  aid, 
"  And  think  to  frighten  Brutus  with  a  shade  : 
"  But  ere  the  night  closes  this  fatal  day, 
"  I'll  send  more  ghosts  this  visit  to  repay." 

These  lines  are  to  be  found  in  Bell's  Julius  Caesar 
as  printed  from  the  Prompter's  book  at  C.  G.  in  1773. 


108  c.  G.    1765-1766. 

It  being  generally  known  that  Davenant  and  Dry- 
den  had  joined  in  mangling  Shakspeare's  Tempest, 
some  person  seems  to  have  attributed  the  alteration 
of  Julius  Caesar  to  them  for  that  reason,  and  that 
alone — it  is  however  morally  certain  that  Davenant 
never  assisted  in  altering  Julius  Caesar — that  being 
one  of  the  plays  assigned  to  Killegrew,  and  which 
consequently  Davenant  could  not  act  at  his  own 
theatre — about  1682  Julius  Caesar  was  printed  as 
acted  at  the  Theatre  Royal — in  this  edition  there  is 
not  the  slightest  foundation  of  the  above  quoted 
lines— it  is  therefore  clear,  that  this  interpolation 
was  not  received  into  that  sink  of  corruption — the 
Prompt-Book — (for  such  it  is  with  regard  to  Shaks- 
peare)— till  after  1682. 

Feb.  5.  Cleone.  Glan ville- Clarke  :— with  Midas, 
reduced  to  2  acts. 

6.  Not  acted  14  years,  Mistake.  Don  Carlos  = 
Smith  :  Lorenzo  is  omitted  :  Sancho  =  Shuter  :  Lo- 
pez =:  Woodward  :  Camillo  =  Miss  Macklin  :  Leo- 
nora =  Miss  Wilford  :  Jacinta  =  Miss  Pitt,  her  1st 
appearance  as  an  actress  :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Burden. 

March  15.  Woodward's  bt.  Not  acted  20  years, 
(acted  March  29  1?49)  Man  of  the  Mode.  Sir  Fop- 
ling  Flutter  —  Woodward  :  Dorimant  =  Ross :  Old 
Bellair  =  Shuter :  Young  Bellair  =  Dyer  :  Medley  = 
Clarke  :  Shoemaker  =  Dunstall :  Mrs.  Loveit  =  Mrs. 
Bellamy  :  Harriet  =  Miss  Wilford :  Belinda  =  Mrs. 
Gardner :  Lady  Townly  =  -Mrs.  Vincent :  Lady 
Woodvil  =  Mrs.  Pitt :  Pert  =  Mrs.  Green  : — with 
Old  Maid — Old  Maid  (newly  dressed)  by  Woodward : 
being  the  1st,  and  (he  believes)  the  last  time  of  his 
appearing  in  that  character. 


c.  G.   1765-1766.  109 

17.  Smith's  bt.  All  for  Love. 

18.  Shuter*s  bt.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour,  and 
Midas. 

20.  For  bt.  of  Ross.  Com  us  =  Ross  :— with  Up- 
holsterer. 

22.  Miss  Brent's  bt.  Beggar's  Opera.     Peachum 
=  Shuter : — with  Miss  in  her  Teens.     Fribble  = 
Shuter  :  Flash  =  Woodward:   Miss  Biddy  =  Miss. 
Brent. 

31.  Theodosius  =  Smith  :  Varanes  =  Ross  :  Atha- 
nais  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

April  1.  Mrs.  Bellamy's  bt.  Virtue  Betrayed. 
Henry  8th  =  Clarke  :  Piercy  =  Smith :  Wolsey  = 
Gibson  :  Rochford  —  Dyer :  Northumberland  = 
Walker  :  Anna  Bullen  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  :  Lady  Diana 
Talbot  =  Miss  Macklin :  Lady  Elizabeth  Blunt  = 
Mrs.  Vincent : — with  Old  Maid  by  Woodward. 

2.  Miss  Macklin's  bt.  Refusal,  (as  before)  with 
Love  a-la-Mode — as  usual — part  of  the  pit  will  be 
laid  into  the  boxes. 

5.  Miss  Wilford's  bt.  Wonder.  Violante  =  Miss 
Wilford,  1st  time: — with  Citizen.  Maria  =  Miss 
Wilford. 

8.  Mrs.  Ward's  bt.  Romeo  and  Juliet.  Lady 
Capulet  =  Mrs.  Ward:  Juliet  =  Miss  Ward. 

14.  Walker's  bt.  Acted  but  once  for  9  years,  Cato. 
Sempronius  =  Hull :— see  April  16  1765. 

15.  DunstalPs  bt.  Fair  Quaker.     Flip  =  Dun  stall : 
Mizen  =  Woodward:  Wor thy  =  Smith  :  Fair  Quaker 
=  Miss  Wilford,  1st  time  : — with  Midas. 

16.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Mattocks.     Double  Mistake, 
15th  time,  and  Midas. 

18.  Provoked  Wife.   Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.   Bel- 


110  c.  G.   1765-1766. 

lamy  :  Mademoiselle  —  Mrs.  Green: — rest  as  Jan. 
28  1763. 

25.  Younger's  bt.  Oroonoko  =  Younger,  1st  time: 
Daniel  =  Shuter  :  Imoinda^Miss  Ward. 

26.  Hull's  bt.    Love's    last    Shift.     Sir    Novelty 
Fashion  =  Woodward  :  Loveless  =  Ross  :  Elder  Wor- 
thy =  Clarke :  Younger  Worthy   =   Hull :  Sir  W. 
Wisewou'd  =  Dunstall :  Snap  =  Shuter  :  Narcissa  = 
Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Amanda  =  Mrs.  Ward  :   Hillaria  = 
Mrs. Dyer:  Flareit— Mrs.  Green :  with  (never  acted) 
All  in  the  Right — translated,  with  alterations,  from 
Detouches— Old  Harcourt  =  Dunstall :  Young  Har- 
court  =  Davis  :  Belfield  =  R.  Smith  :  Wentworth  = 
Lewis :  Ned  =  Shuter :  Lady  Diana  Wishwou'd  = 
Mrs.  Green  :  Isabella  —Mrs.  Godwin  :  Fanny  =  Mrs. 
Gardner:  Emily  (with  songs  in  character)  =  Young 
Lady,  her  1st  attempt  on  any  stage  :  to  conclude  with 
a  new  Masquerade  Dance,  in  which  will  be  introduced 
a  Hornpipe  by  Miss  Pitt.  r.  b. — this  Farce   is   not 
printed — it  is  attributed  to  Hull. 

May  3.  Virtue  Betrayed. 

6.  King  John  =Ross  :  Bastard  =  Smith  :  King  of 
France  =  Clarke  :  Constance  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

13.  Towards  the  increase  of  a  Fund  established 
by  the  performers  of  C.  G.  for  the  support  of  de- 
cayed Actors  arid  their  families — not  acted  20  years 
— (acted  April  5  1750) — Albion  Queens.  Norfolk 
—  Smith:  Cecil  =  Walker  :  Morton  =  Clarke  :  Davi- 
son  =  Hull  :  Queen  Mary  =Mrs.  Bellamy  :  Queen 
Elizabeth  =  Mrs.  Ward  :  Dowglas  =  Miss  Macklin  : 
with  Perseus  and  Andromeda.  Harlequin  =  Miles  : 
Columbine^ Mrs.  Dyer. 


HAY.     1766.  Ill 

19.  Romeo  and  Juliet — last  bill — another  adver- 
tisement about  the  playbills.     (Bills  from  B.  M.) 

The  bill  for  Albion  Queens  May  13  is  the  real 
playbill,  not  one  of  those  cut  from  the  newspapers— 
I  believe  it  is  the  first  of  which  the  compiler  of  the 
bills  was  possessed. 

Costollo  died  Aug.  9 — his  last  appearance  was  on 

May  12  in  the  second  Gravedigger Foote,  in  his 

preface  to  the  Knights,  wishes  that  the  Managers 
of  the  theatres  would  employ  Costollo,  whose  peculiar 
naivete  and  strict  propriety  would  greatly  become 
many  characters  on  our  stage. 


HAY.  1766. 

Foote  in  Feb.  was  on  a  visit  at  Lord  Mexborough's 
— the  Duke  of  York  and  some  other  Gentlemen  of 
distinction  were  also  there,  when  some  of  the  party 
wishing  to  have  a  little  fun  with  Foote,  purposely 
drew  him  into  a  conversation  on  horsemanship — 
Foote,  who  had  on  most  occasions  a  strong  spice  of 
vanity  about  him,  boldly  asserted,  "  that  although  he 
"  generally  preferred  the  luxury  of  a  post  chaise,  he 
"  could  ride  as  well  as  most  men  he  ever  knew" — 
they  urged  him  to  a  trial  next  morning  at  the  chace  ; 
when  mounting  him  on  a  high-spirited  mettlesome 
horse  of  the  Duke  of  York's  he  soon  paid  forfeit  for 


HAY.   1766. 

his  temerity ;  for  he  had  scarcely  set  spurs  to  the 
sides  of  the  animal,  when  he  was  thrown  with  such 
violence  to  the  ground,  as  to  fracture  one  of  his  legs 
in  two  places — the  joke  now  becoming  more  serious 
than  they  had  expected,  he  was  carried  back  to  Lord 
Mexbo rough's  house ;  and  every  possible  attention 
was  paid  him  by  the  Duke  of  York's  surgeon,  in 
order  to  save  the  limb,  but  in  vain — he  was  obliged 
at  last  to  submit  to  amputation  ;  which  was  per- 
formed so  skilfully,  that,  except  the  necessity  of  using 
a  cork  leg,  he  felt  "ever  afterwards  as  little  inconve- 
nience as  could  possibly  result  from  such  an  accident ; 
in  some  respects  indeed  his  misfortune  seemed  to 
prove  an  actual  advantage  to  him  ;  as  he  used  to 
avail  himself  of  the  trifling  halt  in  his  leg,  to  heighten 
the  humour  of  the  character  he  was  playing. 

The  Duke  of  York  took  care,  likewise,  to  alle- 
viate this  accident  by  every  instance  of  kindness  in 
his  power ;  and,  among  other  good  offices,  he  obtained 
for  him  in  the  July  following,  a  patent  to  erect  a 
Theatre  in  the  city  and  liberties  of  Westminster, 
with  a  privilege  of  exhibiting  dramatic  pieces  there, 
from  the  15th  of  May  to  the  15th  of  September  in- 
clusive, during  his  natural  life this  was  giving 

him  a  fortune  at  one  stroke  ;  which  Foote  knew 
how  to  avail  himself  of — (Cooke) — Foote's  Biogra- 
pher says  that  he  purchased  the  old  premises  in  the 
Haymarket,  and  erected  a  new  theatre  on  the  same 
ground — but  see  Hay.  1767 — Foote  seems  to  have 
acted  in  the  old  theatre  this  summer — Pub.  Adv, 
July  24.  Foote  acted  Major  Sturgeon  last  night,  and 
is  to  act  the  part  again  to-morrow. 


O.    H.    HAY.     1766.  113 

Pub.  Adv.  July  12.  This  week  a  Patent  passed  the 
great  seal  for  the  establishment  of  a  new  Theatre  to 
Samuel  Foote  only.  (B.  Jf.) 

It  has  been  said  that  Foote,  soon  after  the  ampu- 
tation of  his  leg,  exclaimed,   "  now  I  shall  take  off 
"  George  Faulkner  to  the  life" — that  celebrated  Irish 
Printer,  whom  Foote  had  introduced  in  the  Orators, 
had  but  one  leg. 

O'Keeffe  observes — "  one  could  not  help  pitying 
"  Foote  sometimes,  as  he  stood  upon  his  one  leg, 
"  leaning  against  the  wall,  whilst  his  servant  was 
"  putting  on  his  stage  false  leg,  with  shoe  and  stock- 
"  ing,  and  fastening  it  to  the  stump — he  looked 
"  sorrowful,  but  instantly  resuming  all  his  high 
"  comic  humour  and  mirth,  hobbled  forward,  en- 
"  tered  the  scene,  and  gave  the  audience  what  they 
"  expected— their  plenty  of  laugh  and  delight." — 
vol.  1.  p.  328. 


OPERA  HOUSE  HAY.  1766. 

Cooke  says  that  Barry,  accompanied  by  Mrs. 
Dancer,  arrived  in  London  in  the  Summer  of  1766, 
and  opened  the  Opera  House  with  Othello,  which 
was  afterwards  followed  up  by  most  of  his  principal 
characters. 

VOL.  V.  T 


114  D.  L.  1766-1767. 

Cooke  is  no  doubt  right,  as  Kelly,  in  his  Thespis, 
printed  in  1766,  says,  that  Barry,  Lee,  and  Mrs. 
Dancer  acted  Othello,  lago,  and  Desdemona  "  some 
"  few  weeks  since." 

Oct.  29-  Barry  and  Mrs.  Dancer  set  off  for  Dub- 
lin. (B.  M.) 

Foote  thought  it  advisable  to  engage  Barry  and 
Mrs.  Dancer  in  1767 — his  friends  expressing  their 
surprise  why  he  should  pay  such  high  prices  for 
tragedy  at  his  house,  he  replied,  "  Why  to  tell  you 
"  the  truth,  I  have  no  great  occasion  for  them  ;  but 
"  they  were  such  bad  neighbours  last  year,  that  I 
"  find  it  cheaper  to  give  them  board  and  lodging  for 
"  nothing,  than  to  have  them  any  longer  opposite 
"tome."  (Cooke.} 


D,  L.  1766-1767. 

Another  advertisement  from  both  theatres  to  sig- 
nify that  the  bills  were  printed  officially  in  the  Public 
Advertiser  only — this  advertisement  was  generally 
repeated  through  the  season  at  the  bottom  of  the 
bills  of  both  houses. 

Sept.  20.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  =  Dodd  :  Sir 
George  =  Palmer  :  Sir  Francis  =  Yates  :  Miranda  = 
Mrs.  Palmer  :  Patch  —  Miss  Pope,  1st  time. 


n.  L.  1766-17G7.  115 

23.  Hamlet  =  Cautherley. 

25.  Beggar's  Opera.     Lucy  =  Mrs.  Abington  :— 
in  act  3d    a    Hornpipe  by   Mrs.  King— on  King's 
return  from  Dublin  she  came  out  as   a   Dancer — 
she  was  at  that  time  Miss  Baker. 

30.  Romeo  and  Juliet.  Romeo  =  Cautherley  : 
Peters  Weston  :  Juliet  =  Mrs.  Barry: — for  Mrs. 

Barry  see  Irish  Stage  C.  S.  1759-1?60 on  Barry's 

marriage  with  Mrs.  Dancer,  she  was  called  Mrs. 
W.  Barry  : — this  distinction  has  been  anticipated  to 
prevent  confusion. 

Oct.  7.  Jealous  Wife.  Charles  =  Cautherley  :  Sir 
Harry  Beagle  =  J.  Palmer. 

8.  Venice   Preserved.       Belvidera    =    Mrs.   W. 
Barry. 

9.  Plain  Dealer.      Novel  =  Dodd  :  Lord  Plausi- 
ble =  Parsons  :  Fidelia  =  Miss  Plym,  1st  time. 

10.  Provoked  Wife.     Sir  John  Brute  =  Garrick  : 
Constant  =  Bensley  :  Heartfree  =  Palmer  :    Razor  = 
Yates  :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Lady  Brute 
=  Mrs.  Palmer :    Belinda  =  Miss   Plym  :    Mademoi- 
selle =  Mrs.  Cross. 

16.  Fair  Penitent.     Sciolto  =  Havard  :    Lothario 
=  Powell :  Calista  =  Mrs.  Yates. 

17.  Clandestine  Marriage.    Lord  Ogleby  =  Dodd  : 
— with  a  new  Epilogue  by  Miss  Pope. 

18.  Garrick  acted    Lusignan    and   Lord   Chalk- 
stone. 

21.  Cymbeline,  and  Deuce  is  in  him.  Dodd  acted 
Cloten  and  Prattle  for  first  time. 

23.  Much  ado.  Benedick  =  Garrick :  Dogberry 
=  Yates  :  Town  Clerk  =  Baddeley  :  Sexton  =  Wes- 
ton :  Balthazar  =  Dodd  :  Beatrice  =  Miss  Pope: 

i  2 


116  D.L.   1766-1767. 

Hero  =  Miss  Plym  : — with  Lying  Valet.  Sharp 
=  Yates  :  Justice  Guttle  =  Moody :  Cook  = 
Baddeley. 

24.  Jane    Shore.      Hastings  =  Holland  :     Shore 
=  Havard  :  Jane  Shore  —  Mrs.  Yates  :  Alicia  =  Mrs. 
W.  Barry. 

25.  Never  acted,   Country  Girl.      Moody  =  Hol- 
land :  Harcpurt  =  Palmer  :  Sparkish=  Dodd  :    Bel- 
ville  =  Cautherley  :    Miss  Peggy  (with   Epilogue)  = 
=  Miss  Reynolds,  being  her  1st  appearance  on  this 
stage:  Alithea^Mrs.  Palmer:  Lucy  =Miss  Pope: 
— acted  about  14  times — see   Country  Wife    T.  R. 

1673 the  Country  Wife  was  so  indecent   that 

Garrick   was  obliged  to  make   considerable   altera- 
tions ;  he  has  removed  all  the  exceptionable  parts, 
but  he  has  in  a  great  measure  destroyed  the  vigour  of 
the  Original — the  spirited  character  of   Horner   is 
reduced  to  a  walking  Gentleman — the  scenes  which 
Garrick   has  substituted   for    those    which   he   has 
omitted,  are  insipid  to  the  last  degree — Garrick  has 
borrowed  Sparkish's  song,  and  several  speeches  from 
Lee's  alteration  word  for  word — Belville's  making  of 
love  to  Peggy  from  the  Tavern  window  is  borrowed 

from  the  Gentleman   Dancing  Master Garrick 

took  great  pains  with  Miss  Reynolds  ;    she  was  ap- 
proved in  the  character,  but  became  careless,  and 
was   in  consequence  dismissed — in   1772-1773   sne 
engaged  with  Wilkinson  being  at  that   time    Mrs. 
Saunders — she   retained  several  strokes  of  humour 
which  Garrick  had  taught  her  in  the  Country  Girl — 
she  also  acted  Mrs.  Honeycombe   and    Mrs.   Cad- 
wallader  with  sterling  merit  and  deserved  applause, 
but  she  ruined  her  faculties  by  drinking — (  Wiikin- 


D.L.   1766-1767.  117 

son') — Mrs.  Saunders  was  engaged  at  Dublin  in  1768- 
1769 — she  acted  Estifania  and  Mrs.  Cadwallader  for 
her  benefit  at  Bath  May  11  1771. 

29.  King  Learn:  Powell :  Edgar  =  Ilavard  :  Bas- 
tard —  Bensley :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Yates. 

31.  Alchemist.  Abel  Drugger  =  Garrick  :  Face 
=  Palmer  :  Subtle  =  Burton  :  Ananias  =  Parsons  : 
Kastril  =  Yates  :  Surly  =:  Baddeley  :  Dapper  =:  Dodd  : 
Dol  Common  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

Nov.  4.  Tamerlane  =  Havard  : — rest  as  before. 

7.  Hamlet  =  Garrick  :   Ghost  =  Bransby  :    King  = 
Love:  Laertes  =  A  ikin  :    Polonius  =  Baddeley  :   1st 
Gravedigger  =  Yates  :    Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Pritchard: — with  Virgin   Unmasked. 
Coupee  =  Dodd  :  Miss  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Abington. 

8.  Not  acted  7  years,   Siege  of  Damascus.     Pho- 
cyas  =  Powell :  Eumenes  =  Havard :  Caled  =  Bensley: 
Artamon  =  Aikin  :  Eudocia  =  M  rs.  W.  Barry. 

13.  Alchemist.    Tribulation  =  Hartry. 

14.  Mrs.  Arne,  late  Miss  Wright,  acted  Daphne. 

15.  Fair  Penitent.  Lothario  (by  desire)  =  Garrick. 

17.  Clandestine  Marriage.    Lord  Ogleby  =  King, 
his  first  appearance  since  his  accident. 

18.  Siege  of  Damascus,  with  never  acted,  Neck  or 
Nothing.     Martin  =  Palmer  :   (or  Yates)     Slip  = 
Yates  :  (or  Palmer)    Sir  Harry  Harlowe  =  Parsons  : 
Stockwell  (probably)  —  Hartry  :  Jenny  =  Miss  Pope  : 
Miss  Nancy  Stockwell  =.  Miss  Plym  : — Sir  Harry  had 
agreed  that  his  son  should  marry  Stockwell's  daugh- 
ter— the  young  people  had  not  seen  one  another— 
Miss  Nancy  is  in  love  with  Belford — Martin  and  Slip 
are  two  knavish  servants— Sir  Harry  sends  Slip  to 
Stockwell  with  a  letter  of  excuse,  as  his  son  had 


118  D.  L.   1766-1767. 

thought  proper  to  choose  a  wife  for  himself— Slip 
meets  Martin,  who  is  an  old  acquaintance — they  lay 
a  plan  for  cheating  Stockwell  out  of  his  daughter's 
fortune — Slip  introduces  Martin  to  Stockwell  as 
young  Harlowe— as  Stockwell  is  on  the  point  of 
paying  Martin  the  money,  Sir  Harry  makes  his  ap- 
pearance— Martin  and  Slip  prepare  to  seize  the  mo- 
ney by  force — Belford  enters  with  constables,  and 
takes  them  into  custody — Stockwell  gives  his  daugh- 
ter to  Belford — this  is  a  pretty  good  Farce — it  has 
been  attributed  to  Garrick,  but  Victor  tells  us  that 
it  was  written  by  an  unknown  person,  and  that  it  did 
not  meet  with  the  success  which  it  deserved,  being 
acted  only  7  or  8  times — in  an  advertisement  pre- 
fixed to  it,  the  author  says,  he  will  claim  no  merit 
that  does  not  belong  to  him  ;  he  therefore  acknow- 
ledges that  this  F.  is  in  imitation  of  Crispin  the 
Rival  of  his  Master  by  Le  Sage — if  this  assertion  be 
true,  Charles  Johnson  is  also  indebted  to  Le  Sage — 
— Martin  and  Slip  have  a  strong  resemblance  to 
Brush  and  File  in  the  Village  Opera — the  very  ex- 
pressions are  sometimes  the  same— see  D.  L.  Feb. 
6  17^9. 

20.  Conscious  Lovers.     Tom  =  Dodd  :    Phillis  = 
Mrs.  Clive. 

21.  Orphan.  Monimia=:Mrs.  Palmer:  with,  never 
acted,  the  Cunning  Man.     Cunning  Man  =  Champ- 
ness  :  Colin  =  Vernon  :    Phoebe  =  Mrs.   Arne  : — this 
musical  trifle  is  scarcely  worthy  of  notice — it  is  at- 
tributed to  Dr.  Charles  Burney — Phoebe  consults  the 
Cunning  Man — he  tells  her  that  Colin  has  been  false 
to  her,  but  that  he  still  loves  her — at  the  conclusion 
they  are    reconciled — Victor   says — "  the    Cunning 


D.  L.    1766-1767.  119 

«  Man  is  taken  from  Rousseau,  but  several  gentle- 
"  men,  who  saw  it  in  France,  told  me,  it  was  with 
"  some  difficulty  they  could  discover  it  to  be  the  same 
"  piece  that  gave  them  so  much  pleasure  at  Paris." 

24.  Orphan  of  China,  and  Neck  or  Nothing. 

26.  Mahomet.     Mirvann:  Aikin. 

28.  Suspicious  Husband.  Ranger  =  Garrick  : 
Jack  Meggot  =  Dodd  :  Tester  =  Weston  :  Mrs. 
Strictland  =  Mrs.  Palmer,  1st  time  :  Jacintha  =  Miss 
Plym. 

Dec.  2.  Oroonoko  =  Powell :  Aboan  =  Bensley  : 
Blandford  =  Palmer  :  Stanmore  =  J.  Palmer  :  Plan- 
ters =  Parsons,  and  Moody  :  Imoinda  =  Mrs.  Palmer. 

4.  Rehearsal.  Bayes  =:  Garrick  : — other  charac- 
ters by  Yates,  Weston,  Parsons,  Moody,  Sec. — an 
additional  reinforcement  of  Bayes'  new  raised 
troops. 

6.  Othello.      lago  =  Holland  :    ^Emilia  =  Mrs. 
Lee. 

7,  Fair  Penitent.     Lothario  (by  desire)  =  Garrick. 
10.  Wonder.      Felix  =  Cautherley :   Violante  = 

Lady,  her  first  appearance  : — with  Deuce  is  in  him. 
Prattle  =  King :  Bell  =  Miss  Reynolds. 

13.  Never  acted,  Earl  of  Warwick.  Warwick  (in 
love  with  Lady  Elizabeth)  =  Holland  :  King  Edward 
(in  love  with  Lady  Elizabeth)  =  Powell :  Earl  of 
Pembroke  =  Bensley :  Earl  of  Suffolk  =  Packer : 
Margaret  of  Anjou^Mrs,  Yates  :  Lady  Elizabeth 
Gray  =  Mrs.  Palmer:  Lady  Cliffords  Miss  Plym  : — 
acted  12  times  — at  the  opening  of  the  play,  Henry 
the  6th  is  a  prisoner — Warwick  is  absent  on  an  em- 
bassy in  France — in  the  2d  act  he  returns — Edward 
says  he  will  riot  marry  the  French  King's  daughter — 


120  D.  L.   1766-1767. 

Warwick  is  offended — Margaret  discloses  to  Warwick 
the  King's  love  for  Lady  Elizabeth — Warwick  and 
Margaret  become  friends  -  -  Warwick  expostulates 
with  Edward — Edward  sends  him  to  the  Tower — 
the  populace,  headed  by  Pembroke,  set  Warwick  at 
liberty — Warwick  deserts  Margaret,  and  is  reconciled 
to  Edward — Margaret's  army  is  defeated — she  is 
brought  in  as  a  prisoner  —she  tells  Ed  ward,  with  much 
exultation,  that  she  had  stabbed  Warwick — Warwick 
dies  on  the  stage — this  is  a  poor  Tragedy  both  as  to 
plot  and  language,  with  now  and  then  a  good  speech 
— Queen  Margaret's  part  in  the  5th  act  has  great 
merit — some  poetical  licence  is  certainly  allowable, 
but  such  gross  contradictions  to  known  facts,  as  Dr. 
Franklin  has  chosen  to  introduce  into  this  play,  are 
disgusting  to  the  last  degree — the  making  of  War 
wick  in  love  with  Lady  Elizabeth  Gray  is  completely 
ridiculous — as  Dr.  Franklin  is  said  to  have  borrowed 
his  play  from  a  French  Tragedy,  he  was  probably 
indebted  to  La  Harpe  for  this  bright  thought — the 
same  circumstance  had  however  been  introduced  by 
Crown  in  his  Henry  6th — the  Earl  of  Warwick  was 
acted  about  10  times — Mrs.  Yates  was  very  great  in 
Margaret — Dr.  Franklin  was  a  man  of  abilities  and 
at  one  time  Greek  Professor  at  Cambridge,  but  he 
did  not  add  much  to  his  reputation  by  his  Dramatic 
writings. 

15.  High  Life  below  Stairs.     Lovel^  Cautherley. 

29-  Musical  Lady.     Mask^Dodd,  1st  time. 

30.  Old  Maid.  Clerimont  =  Cautherley :  Capt. 
Cape  ==  Baddeley  :  Mrs.  Harlow  =  Miss  Pope  :  Miss 
Harlow  =  Mrs.  Bennett. 

Jan.  2.  Never  acted,  Cymon.     Cymonzz  Vernon  : 


D.  L.  1766-1767.  121 

Linco  =  King:  Merlin  (an  enchanter)  =  Bensley: 
Dorus  (a  magistrate)  =  Parsons  :  Damon  and  Dorilas 
(two  shepherds)  =  Fawcett  and  Fox  :  Demon  of  Re- 
venge =  Champness  :  Sylvia  (a  shepherdess)  =  Mrs. 
Arne  :  Urganda  (an  enchantress)  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  : 
Fatima  (her  attendant)  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Dorcas 
(an  old  deaf  woman)  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw:  1st  Shep- 
herdess =  Miss  Reynolds:  2d  Shepherdess  =  Miss 

Plym  : — scene  Arcadia Merlin  is  in  love  with 

Urganda — she  is  in  love  with  Cymon,  who  is  nearly 
an  idiot — Cymon  slights  her— he  finds  Sylvia  asleep 
and  falls  in  love  with  her — he  gradually  becomes 
sensible — Urganda  is  enraged  at  Sylvia — she  shuts 
her  up  in  a  black  tower — Merlin  sets  her  at  liberty, 
and  the  piece  concludes  with  the  marriage  of  Cymon 

and  Sylvia Cymon  was  acted  with  great  success 

— a  3d  edition  of  it  was  printed  in  1767 — King, 
Parsons,  and  Mrs.  Abington  played  particularly  well 
—this  Dramatic  Romance  in  5  acts  is  founded  on 
Dryden's  tale  of  Cymon  and  Iphigenia — it  is  so  gene- 
rally attributed  to  Garrick,  that  there  can  be  no 
doubt  of  his  being  the  author — as  a  first-piece  it  is 
contemptible — if  it  had  been  brought  out  in  2  acts  as 
a  mere  vehicle  for  songs,  scenery,  &c.,  it  might  have 
passed  without  censure. 

Feb.  7.  King  John. 

9.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  Townly  =  Powell : 
Sir  Francis  =. Yates  :  Count  Basset  =  King:  Lady 
Townly  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Lady  Grace  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry  : 
Miss  Jenny  =  Miss  Pope. 

12.  By  Command.  Jealous  Wife.  Oakly  = 
Garrick. 

17.  Garrick  acted  Oakly  by  particular  desire. 


D.  L.  1766-1767. 

21.  Never  acted,  English  Merchant.  Freeport  (a 
Merchant)  =  Yates  :  Spatter  =  King  :  Lord  Falbridge 
Powell :  Sir  William  Douglas  =  Havard  :  La  France 
=  Baddeley :  Owen  =  Burton  :  Lady  Alton  =  Mrs. 
Abington  :  Amelia  (daughter  to  Sir  William)  =.  Mrs. 
Palmer :  Molly  (her  maid)  =  Miss  Pope  :  Mrs. 
Goodman  (a  person  who  keeps  a  lodging  house)  = 
Mrs.  Hopkins  : — acted  14  times — Sir  William  Doug- 
las had  been  proscribed  in  consequence  of  the  Scotch 
rebellion  in  1745— at  the  opening  of  the  play  he  re- 
turns to  England — Amelia  lodges  at  Mrs.  Goodman's 
— she  conceals  her  real  name,  and  endeavours  to 
conceal  her  poverty — Lord  Falbridge  is  in  love  with 
Amelia — Lady  Alton  is  enraged  at  having  been  de- 
serted by  Lord  Falbridge,  who  had  formerly  paid  his 
addresses  to  her — she  employs  Spatter  as  a  spy  on 
Amelia — Spatter  is  a  scribbler  who  will  do  any  dirty 
work  for  money — Spatter  lays  an  information  against 
Amelia — and  she  is  arrested  as  a  person  disaffected 
to  government — Freeport  bails  her  —  Spatter  dis- 
covers who  Sir  William  Douglas  is— he  lays  a  fresh 
information  and  Sir  William  is  arrested — Freeport 
enters  with  the  King's  pardon  for  Sir  William — Spatter 
and  Lady  Alton  are  completely  exposed — Lord  Fal- 
bridge marries  Amelia — this  is  a  very  good  C.  by 
Colman — he  dedicated  it  to  Voltaire,  on  whose  Scotch- 
woman he  had  founded  his  piece — Voltaire  at  first 
published  his  play  under  a  fictitious  name,  and  pre- 
tended that  he  had  translated  it  from  a  Comedy 
written  by  the  author  of  Douglas — Colman  has  not 
made  any  very  material  alterations  in  the  plot — 
but  he  has  improved  the  play  in  many  points — 
Davies  says,  that  two  celebrated  performers  (King 


D.  L.    1766-1767.  123 

and  Mrs.  Abington)  expected  to  have  been  hissed  on 
the  first  night,  but  were  well  received. 

March  7.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Garrick  :  Cop- 
per Captain  =  Palmer  :  Cacafogo  =  Love  :  Duke  = 
Havardt:  Sancho  — Aikin  :  Estifania  =  Mrs.  Pritchard: 
Margarita  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Altea  =  Mrs.  Lee  :  Old 
Woman  —  Mr.  Baddeley :  Maid  =  Mr.  Weston. 

21.  Mrs.  Pritchard's  bt.  Macbeth  =  Holland  :  Lady 
Macbeth  =  Mrs  Pritchard: — with  Guardian  by  Bens- 
ley. 

23.  Mrs.  dive's  bt.  Clandestine  Marriage.    Betty 
=  Miss  Reynolds  : — with  High  Life. 

24.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Yates.  Medea.      Jason   = 
Powell :  Creon  =  Holland  :  2Eson  =  Havard  :  Lycan- 
der  =  Bensley :  Medea  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Theano  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins : — Victor  in   1732  introduced  Glover,  the 
author  of  Medea,  to  Booth,   who  approved  of  the 
play  as  a  Poem,   but  did  not  think  it  calculated  for 
the  stage — however  Mrs.  Porter  was  applied  to,  as 
being  the  only  actress  then"  living  that  was  equal  to 
that  capital  character — but  the  accident  of  her  break- 
ing of  her  thigh  put  an  end  to  the  attempt — Mrs. 
Porter  had  played  Medea  in  C.  Johnson's  T.  in  1730, 
with  great  skill,  for  one  must  not  say  success,  as  the 
play  was  unjustly  damned — Glover's  Tragedy  was 
printed  in  1761,  and  this  year  Mrs.  Yates  was  en- 
couraged by  some  of  her  judicious  friends  to  get  it  up 
for  her  benefit — she  acquitted  herself  in  that  difficult 
part  to  admiration.     (  Victor  chiefly.} 

The  Greek  plays  differ  so  much  from  those  we  are 
accustomed  to,  that  it  is  extremely  difficult  to  adapt 
them  to  the  taste  of  a  modern  audience — Glover  has 
succeeded  much  better  than  any  body  else— the  cha- 


D.  L.  1766-1767. 

racter  of  Medea"  is,  on  the  whole,  drawn  in  a  mas- 
terly manner — hut  Glover  has  softened  the  violence 
of  her  temper  rather  too  much — the  thought  of 
making  her  kill  her  children  in  a  temporary  fit  of 
phrenzy  is  a  very  happy  one — the  scenes  in  which 
Medea  is  not  concerned  have  little  to  recommend 
them — jJEson,  the  father  of  Jason,  is  an  uninterest- 
ing character — in  the  5th  act,  Creon  is  killed  by  the 
Corinthians — Jason  renounces  Creusa,  and  implores 
Medea's  pardon — the  catastrophe^is  flat  in  compa- 
rison with  the  catastrophe  in  Euripides — see  D.  L. 

Dec.  11  1730 -Medea  was  Mrs.  Yates'  grand  part, 

hut  the  performance  of  it  was  attended  with  so  much 
fatigue  that  she  very  rarely  acted  it,  except  for  her 

benefit When  Mrs.  Siddons  was  applied  to  by 

some  of  Glover's  family  to  act  Medea,  she  said  she 
did  not  choose  her  own  characters ;  which  was  true 
— but  her  real  reason  for  declining  the  part  (and  that 
a  very  sufficient  one)  probably  was,  that  she  was 
afraid  of  the  exertion  it  would  require;  for  Medea 
was  as  completely  in  Mrs.  Siddons'  line  of  acting, 
as  if  it  had  been  expressly  written  for  her. 

28.  Holland's  bt.  Never  acted,  Dido.  Holland — 
Powell — Havard — Bensley— ^Mrs.  Yates — Powell  and 
Mrs.  Yates  played  .ZEneas  and  Dido  :  Holland  acted 
a  second-rate  character — this  T.  was  written  by  Reed 
a  rope-maker — on  this  circumstance  the  Prologue 
turned — it  was  written  by  Garrick  and  spoken  by 
King— (  Victor) — the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  says  that 
this  play  was  acted  for  Palmer's  bt.  in  1797  as  the 
Queen  of  Carthage — he  adds  that  it  was  printed  in 
1808,  but  not  published. 

30.    Rival  Queens.     Alexander  =  Powell :   Clytus 


D.L.  1766-1767.  125 

(for  that  night  only)  =  Holland  :  Lysimachus  = 
Bensley  :  Cassander  =  Havard  :  Statira  =  Mrs.  Pal- 
mer :  Roxana  (for  that  night  only)  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  — 
probably  Powell's  bt. 

31.  False  Friend.     Holland  —  Powell  —  Yates  — 

Baddeley — Mrs.  Yates — Miss  Ply m—  and   Mrs.  W. 

Barry — they  probably  acted  Don  John — Don  Pedro 

— Lopez— Galindo — Leonora — Jacinta  and  Isabella 

—perhaps  for  bt.  of  Yates. 

April  6.  King's  bt.  Cymbeline.  Cloten  — King: 
— with  Linco's  Travels,  1st  time — Linco  =  King  : 
Dorcas  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw  : — this  little  piece  is  attri- 
buted to  Garrick — it  does  him  no  credit — Linco  gives 
the  Arcadians  a  description  of  English  manners  — 
it  is  printed  in  Garrick's  poetical  works  vol.  2  p.  227. 

11.  Palmer's  bt.     Richard  3d  =  Holland:  Rich- 
mond =  Palmer:  Buckingham  —  Bensley,  1st  time  : 
Lady  Anne  =.  Mrs.  Palmer :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : 
—with,  not  acted  14  years,  Flora. 

20.  Mrs.   Palmer's  bt.      Clandestine  Marriage—- 
with, 2d  time  for  14  years,   Flora.     Hob  =  Yates  : 
Sir  Thomas  Testy  =  Burton  :  Friendly  =:  Vernon  : 
Old  Hob  =  Parsons  :  Countryman  =  J.  Palmer  :  Dick 
=  Baddeley  :  Flora  is  omitted  :  Betty  =  Mrs.  Lee. 

21.  Miss  Pope's  bt.     Plain  Dealer,  with  Young 
Couple  (taken  from  the  Discovery) — Dodd — Love 
— Heartry — Miss  Pope — Mrs.   Hopkins,  and   Miss 
Plym — Dodd  and  Miss  Pope  no  doubt  played  Sir 
Harry  and  Lady  Flutter :  Love  and  Mrs.  Hopkins 
probably  Lord  and  Lady  Medway. 

22.  Mrs.  Abington's  bt.     Way  to  keep  him,  with, 
never  acted  there,  Marriage  a-la-Mode,  or  Conjugal 


126  D.  L.   1766-1767. 

Douceurs.  Dodd  —  J.  Palmer  —  Parsons  —  Mrs. 
Abington — Mrs.  Vincent — and  Mrs.  Bradshaw — 
this  was  perhaps  some  piece  in  which  Mrs.  Abington 
had  acted  in  Ireland. 

24<.  Havard's  bt.  Rival  Queens.  Clytus  =  Love  : 
Statira  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry  :  Roxana  =  Mrs.  Yates : 
Parisatis  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  : — the  women  were  im- 
perfect. (B.  M.) 

25.  Love  acted  Bayes  for  his  bt. 

27.  Cymbeline.     Cloten  =  Dodd : — with  Miss  in 
her  Teens.     Flash  =  J.  Palmer:  Miss  Biddy  =  Miss 
Pope  :  Fribble  is  omitted,  but  Dodd  probably  acted 
the  part. 

28.  Bensley's   bt.      Fair    Penitent.      Lothario  — 
Holland  :    Horatio  =  Bensley  :    Sciolto  =  Powell : 
Calista  =  Mrs.  Yates. 

30.  Mrs.  King's  bt.     Clandestine  Marriage. 

May  1.  For  the  Widow  Vincent.  Jealous  Wife. 
Oaklym  Holland  : — with  Contrivances.  Rovewell  = 
Dodd:  Robin  =  Moody:  Arethusa  =  Mrs.  Vincent. 

4.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Hopkins.     Distressed 
Mother.     Hermione  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  (rest  as  Nov. 
15  1765)— with  Capricious  Lovers. 

5.  Champness  acted  Caliban  for  his  bt. 

6.  Provoked  Husband.     John  Moody  =  Moody  : 
Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Lessingham. 

7-  By  Command,  School  for  Lovers.  Sir  John 
Dorilant  =  Holland : — with  Lethe.  Lord  Chalkstone 
=  Garrick:  Old  Man=:Weston. 

8.  For  bt.  of  Rooker  and  Aikin.  Henry  4th  part 
2d.  Prince  of  Wales  =  Aikin,  1st  time:  Feeble  — 
Weston  :  Mouldy  =  Moody  :  Pistol  =  Baddeley  : 
Prince  John  =  J.  Palmer. 


D.  L.  1766-1767.  127 

9.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Baddeley.  Othello. 
Roderigo  =  Baddeley  :  Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

14.  Dido,  4th  time  —this  was  Mrs.  Yates*  last  per- 
formance at  D.  L.  till  1774-1775. 

16.  Careless  Husband.    Lord  Foppington  =  Dodd. 

20.  King  Lear.     Burgundy  =  J.  Palmer. 

21.  Cymon — 28th  time. 

23.  Rule  a  Wife.  Copper  Captain  =  King,  1st 
time  : — Palmer  did  not  act  after  May  13. 

25.  Plain  Dealer.     Novel  =  King:    Freeman  mJ. 
Palmer:  Fidelia  =  Mrs.  Lessingham,  1st  time. 

26.  Cymbeline.     Arviragus  =  J.  Palmer:  Imogen 
=  Mrs.  Lessingham,  1st  time  : — she  had  acted  the 
Country  Girl  for  Cautherley's  bt.  April  29. 

27.  Beggar's  Opera — with  Register  Office.    Irish- 
man =  Moody  :  Frenchman  =  Baddeley  :  Scotchman 
=  Love  :    Le  Brush  =  King  :  Margery  =  Mrs.  Love. 

28.  Hamlet  =  Garrick. 

29.  Jane  Shore  =  Mrs.  Lessingham  :  Alicia  =  Mrs. 
W.  Barry. 

June  3.  For  bt.  of  the  Theatrical  Fund.  Suspi- 
cious Husband.  Ranger  =  Garrick :  Jacintha  =.  Mrs. 
Lessingham  : — last  play.  (Sills  from  B.  M.) 

Garrick  acted  Brute  2  times — Lusignan  1 — Lord 
Chalkstone  2 — Benedick  1 — Abel  Drugger  2 — Ham- 
let 2 — Lothario  2 — Ranger  4 — Bayes  1 — Oakly  2 — 
Leon  3. 

Miss  Plym  did  not  act  after  this  season — in  the 
Dialogue  between  Mrs.  Gibber  and  Mrs.  Woffington, 
Miss  Plym  is  said  to  have  withstood  a  regular  siege 
from  an  experienced  and  popular  general. 

Mrs.  Cibber.  But  why  are  you  so  verysevere  upon  all 


128  D.L.  1766-1767. 

theatrical  ladies  ? — do  you  think  it  impossible  for  a 
woman  to  preserve  her  virtue  on  the  stage  ? 

Mrs.  Woffington.  Impossible  is  a  word  of  very 
great  latitude — but  I  am  of  opinion  there  are  so 
many  opportunities,  and  so  many  importunities,  for 
a  pretty  woman  there  to  get  rid  of  a  troublesome 
guest  that  I  think  *  *  *  besides,  if  a  woman  has 
fortified  all  the  avenues  to  her  heart  from  the  attacks 
of  actors,  can  we  suppose  it  entirely  impregnable  to 
men  of  fashion — proof  against  all  the  blandishments 
of  wealth,  power,  and  parade  ?  or  that  if  these  bat- 
teries are  played  off  without  success,  a  manager  may 
not  take  it  by  sap  or  surprise  ? 

Mrs.  Woffington  asks  what  entertainment  the  town 
has  had  for  these  last  9  years  ? 

Mrs.  Gibber.  They  have  been  mostly  amused  with 
comic  Operas,  consisting  of  very  indifferent  poetry 
put  to  old  tunes,  without  character,  and  scarcely  any 
sentiment. 

Mrs.  Woffington.  Astonishing ! 
Mrs.  Cibber.  And  more  so,  when  you  consider 
that  these  harmonious  pieces  would  fill  houses,  when 
Garrick  and  myself,  in  Shakspeare's  best  plays,  could 
scarce  pay  expenses — this  indeed  was  the  principal 
reason  of  the  manager's  going  abroad,  and  I  think  he 
would  not  have  done  wrong,  if  he  had  never  acted 
till  the  vicious  taste  of  the  town  had  been  entirely 
corrected. 


c.  G.  1766-1767.  129 


C.  G.  1766-1767. 

Sep.  22.  Henry  5th  =  Smith  :  —with,  not  acted  3 
years,  Coronation — on  the  23d  Smith  was  said  to  be 
so  ill,  as  to  be  incapable  of  playing  for  some  time. 

24.  Henry  5th  =  Hull: — with  Coronation — acted 
6  times. 

26.  Richard  3d  =  Clarke,  1st  time: — with  Coro- 
nation— acted  7  times. 

Oct.  5.  Henry  4th  part  2d.  Falstaff  =  Shuter : 
King  =  Gibson  :  Prince  of  Wales  =  Ross  :  Shallow 
=  Woodward,  1st  time  :  Doll  Tearsheet  =  Mrs. 
Gardner  : — with  Coronation— acted  5  times. 

8.  Citizen.     Maria  =  Miss  Elliot. 

14.  Love's  last  Shift,  and  Midas. 

16.  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not. 

21.  Romeo  and  Juliet,  with  Upholsterer. 

22.  Every  man  in  his  Humour.     Justice  Clement 
=  Lewis:  Dame  Kitely  —  Miss  Wilford,  1st  time. 

23.  Squire  of  Alsatia. 

28.  Busy  Body 30.  Hamlet. 

31 .  King  John  •=.  Ross :  Bastard  =  Smith  :  Hubert 
=  Gibson  :  King  of  France  =  Clarke  :  Dauphin  = 
Hull :  Pandulph  =  Walker :  Constance  =  Mrs.  Ward  : 
— with  Coronation — acted  5  times. 

Nov.  4.  Tamerlane  =.  Ross  :  Bajazet  =  Smith : 
Moneses  =  Dyer  :  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Ward. 

7.  (and  13)  Not  acted  9  years,  Fair  Penitent.  Lo- 
thario =  Smith  :   Horatio  =  Ross,  1st  time  :  Sciolto^r 
Walker :  Altamont  =  Dyer :  Calista  =  Miss  Elliot, 

VOL.    V.  K 


130  c.  G.  1766-1767. 

her  1st  attempt  in  Tragedy:  Lavinia^Mrs.  Du-Bel- 
lamy,  her  1st  appearance  there. 

8.  Merry  Wives.     Ford  =  Ross:  Falstaff=Shuter: 
Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Ward. 

11.  Stratagem.     Aim  well  =  Hull. 

12.  Love  in  a  Village,  Young  Meadows  =  Du-Bel- 
lamy,  his  1st  appearance  :  Rosetta  =  Mrs.  Pinto,  late 
Miss  Brent. 

28.  Albion  Queens  —as  May  13 — seemingly  Mrs. 
Bellamy's  1st  appearance  this  season. 

Dec.  3.  Never  acted,  Accomplished  Maid.  Lord 
Bell mour=  Mattocks  :  Sir  John  Lofty  (contracted  to 
Lady  Lucy)  =  Du-Bellamy  :  Kreigsman  (a  German 
officer)  —  Shuter  :  Robin  (in  love  with  Fanny)  = 
Dibdin  :  Fanny  (the  Accomplished  Maid)  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks  :  Lady  Lucy  (sister  to  Lord  Bellmour)  = 
Mrs.  Pinto  :  Finet  (formerly  her  governess)  =  Miss 
Poitier  :  Susan  (in  love  with  Robin  and  jealous  of 
Fanny)  •=.  Mrs.  Baker  : — acted  about  9  times — Fanny 
is  a  Foundling  who  had  been  brought  up  by  Lord 
Bellmour's  mother— she  is  now  under  the  protection 
of  Lady  Lucy — Lady  Lucy  and  Sir  John  are  highly 
indignant  on  being  told  that  Lord  Bellmour  is  in  love 
with  Fanny — Fanny  turns  out  to  be  a  German  Ba- 
roness— Lord  Bellmour  marries  her — Kreigsman  had 
come  into  England  in  search  of  Fanny — but  how  she 
came  into  England  herself  we  are  not  told — Kreigs- 
man only  says  that  the  child  was  lost  when  they 
marched  on  a  sudden  in  a  dark  night — this  is  a  mere 
Opera — the  author  tells  us  that  it  is  a  translation 
from  a  celebrated  Italian  Opera,  which  was  founded 
on  an  English  story — seemingly  that  of  Pamela. 


c.  G.  1766-1767. 

6.  Love  for  Love.     Miss  Prue  =  Miss  Elliot. 

20.  Theatrical  Fund.     Beggar's  Opera. 

26.  Richard  3d.     Queen  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

30.  Way'of  the  World.     Millamant  =  Miss  Elliot. 

Jan.l.  Miser.    Mariana  =  Miss  VVilford,  1st  time. 

2.  Stratagem.     Mrs.  Sullen  =  Miss  Elliot. 

10.  Never  acted,  School  for  Guardians.  Young 
Brumpton  =  Woodward  :  Oldcastle  =  Shuter  :  Bell- 
ford  =  Smith  :  Lovibond  =  Dunstall :  Brisk  =  Dyer  : 
Sir  Theodore  Brumpton  =  Walker  :  Mary  Ann  = 
Miss  Elliot:  Harriet  =  Mi ss  Wilford  :  Bridget  =  Mrs. 
Mahon : — this  C.  is  taken  from  3  of  Moliere's  plays 
—the  main  plot  is  borrowed  from  the  School  for 
Wives,  and  has  consequently  a  strong  resemblance 

to  Sir  Solomon— see  L.  I.  F.  1669 Oldcastle  and 

Lovibond  intend  to  marry  their  two  wards,  Mary 
Ann  and  Harriet — Lovibond  gives  Harriet  a  good 
education— Oldcastle  brings  up  Mary  Ann  in  igno- 
rance— Harriet  is  in  love  with  Bellford — she  con- 
trives to  make  her  sentiments  known  to  him,  by 
sending  Lovibond  first  with  a  message,  and  then  with 
a  letter,  which  she  pretends  to  have  received  from 
Bellford,  but  which  she  has  really  written  herself — 
this  is  from  the  School  for  Husbands — in  the  3d  act 
Brisk  tells  Oldcastle  that  Sir  Theodore  Brumpton  is 
dead,  and  that  his  master,  Young  Brumpton,  is  in 
want  of  money— Oldcastle  offers  a  purse  with  £200 
in  it — Sir  Theodore  enters  —Oldcastle  in  his  surprise 
drops  the  purse  and  Brisk  makes  off  with  it — Brisk, 
in  the  disguise  of  an  old  woman,  attempts  to  carry 
off  Mary  Ann — Young  Brumpton,  not  being  privy 
to  the  design,  joins  Oldcastle  in  beating  Brisk — these 
incidents  (with  some  variation)  are  taken  from  the 

K  2 


132  c.  G.    1766-1767. 

Blunderer  —  some  hints  are  also  borrowed  from  the 
Country  Wife,  but  Murphy  has  put  his  materials 
pretty  well  together,  and  his  play  deserved  a  better 
fate  than  it  met  with — the  fault  of  it  is,  that  Young 
Brumpton  has  no  sufficient  reason  for  telling  Old- 
castle  all  his  love  affairs — this  is  better  managed  in 
Sir  Solomon  and  in  the  French  play — in  Murphy's 
works  the  School  for  Guardians  is  reduced  to  3  acts 
—it  was  turned  into  an  Opera  at  C.  G.  Nov.  —  1777 
— as  Love  finds  the  Way. 

19.  King  Lear.     Kent  =.  Walker:  Cordelia  =  Miss 
Wilford. 

20.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Angelina  =  Miss  Wilford. 
23.  AlPs  well  that  ends  well. 

29.  Jovial  Crew. 

31.  Never  acted,  Perplexities.  Don  Antonio  — 
Smith  :  Don  Henriquez  =  Ross  :  Guzman  (servant 
to  Florio)  •=.  Shuter :  Don  Florio  n  Mattocks :  Ernesto 
(servant  to  Antonio)  =  Cushing :  Don  Juan  =  Hull : 
Honoria  (sister  to  Henriquez)  =  Miss  Macklin  :  Fe- 
licia =  Miss  Wilford  :  Rosa  (woman  to  Honoria)  = 
Mrs.  Green  : — acted  about  10  times — this  is  an  alter- 
ation of  the  Adventures  of  Five  Hours — the  original 
dialogue  was  in  blank  verse  and  rhyme — as  it  was 
not  very  well  written,  Hull  has  judiciously  reduced 
it  to  prose — he  has  made  some  slight  improvements, 
particularly  in  the  5th  act — but  Guzman,  (p.  48) 
with  much  impropriety,  quotes  an  English  poet — 
Hull  has  changed  the  names  of  Diego,  Octavio,  Por- 
cia,  Camilla,  and  Flora,  to  Guzman,  Florio,  Honoria, 
Felicia,  and  Rosa. 

The  Adventures  of  Five  Hours  came  out  at  L.  I.  F. 
in  1663— see  Vol.  1  p.  45 — Don  Henrique,  who  is 


c.  G.   1766-1767.  [38 

choleric  and  revengeful,  had  contracted  his  sister, 
Porcia,  to  Antonio  without  his  having  seen  her — 
Octavio  and  Porcia  are  mutually  in  love — Antonio 
arrives  in  Sevil,  and  encounters  his  friend  Octavio — 
Ernesto  brings  Antonio  the  key  of  the  apartment 
which  had  been  assigned  to  him  in  Henrique's  house 
— Porcia  makes  her  escape  with  Octavio — Antonio 
enters  at  Henrique's — he  sees  Camilla,  with  whom 
he  had  fallen  in  love  in  Flanders,  but  supposes  her 
to  be  Porcia — this  is  owing  to  Ernesto — in  the  1st 
act,  Henrique  allows  Ernesto  to  see  Porcia — he  tells 
him  that  she  is  with  Camilla,  but  that  he  will  know 
her  by  her  being  without  a  veil — he  is  not  aware 
that  Porcia  had  borrowed  Camilla's  veil — Ernesto 
finds  Camilla  without  a  veil,  and  concludes  that  she 
is  Porcia — in  the  3d  act  he  points  out  Camilla  to 
his  master  as  Porcia — Camilla  perceives  the  mistake, 
but  does  not  undeceive  Antonio — she  goes  out,  and 
Henrique  enters — Antonio  says  he  has  seen  Porcia 
— Henrique  is  at  a  loss  what  to  think — Porcia,  fear- 
ing that  she  shall  be  forced  from  Octavio,  puts  her- 
self under  the  protection  of  Antonio — he  carries  her 
to  his  apartment  in  her  own  house — Henrique  is  sur- 
prised at  finding  Porcia  and  Camilla  together,  but 
cannot  comprehend  the  mystery — other  perplexities 
occur — at  the  conclusion,  a  long  explanation  takes 
place — after  which  Octavio  is  united  to  Porcia — and 
Antonio  to  Camilla. 

Feb.  18.  For  Miss  Elliot.  School  for  Guardians, 
6th  time — Murphy  appears  to  have  given  both  his 
benefits  as  author  to  Miss  Elliot — the  School  for 
Guardians  was  acted  for  the  3d  time  on  Jan.  13  for 
her  advantage, 


134  c.  G.  1766-1767. 

19.  Perplexities,  with,  not  acted  7  years,  Lottery. 
Lord  Lace  =  Dyer  :  Lady  Lace  =  Mrs.  Mahon. 

21.  Never  acted,  Love  in  the  City.  Young  Cock- 
ney =Dibdin  :  Barnacle  (guardian  to  Priscilla)  = 
Dunstall :  Wagg  (an  attorney's  clerk)  =  Shuter  : 
Spruce  (a  mercer)  =  Mattocks  :  Sightly  (a  military 
officer)  =  Du-Bellamy  :  Old  Cockney  (a  grocer)  = 
Gibson  :  Priscilla  (a  West  Indian)  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : 
Miss  Molly  Cockney  (an  old  maid)  —  Mrs.  Green  : 
Penelope  (daughter  to  Old  Cockney,  and  in  love 
with  Spruce)  =  Miss  Brickler :  Miss  La  Blond  (a  mil- 
liner) —  Miss  Poi tier  : — acted  about  4  times Old 

Cockney  and  Miss  Molly  wish  to  marry  Penelope  to 
a  Lord — Spruce  pretends  to  be  a  Lord — Wagg  pre- 
tends to  be  a  Colonel— they  marry  Penelope  and 
Miss  Molly — Barnacle  gives  Priscilla  to  Sightly  and 

takes  Miss  La  Blond  himself this  is  a  tolerable 

Opera  by  Bickerstaffe,  who  in  the  preface  allows  that 
there  is  a  glaring  absurdity  attached  to  the  Musical 
Drama,  and  then  goes  on  to  defend  it — Dunstall  and 
Mattocks  are  said  to  have  acted  very  well,  and  Mrs. 
Mattocks  inimitably — (London  Magazine) — Love  in 
the  City  was  cut  down  to  2  acts,  and  brought  out  as 
the  Romp  for  the  bt.  of  Mrs.  Mattocks  at  C.  G. 
March  28  1778 — it  was  revived  with  great  success  at 
D.  L.  Nov.  21  1785 — the  characters  of  Wagg,  Spruce, 
and  Miss  Molly  Cockney  were  omitted,  and  the  dia- 
logue was  curtailed  in  other  parts  of  it. 

28.  Country  Lasses.     Flora  =  Miss  Elliot. 

March  2.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn  =  Smith  : 
King  =  Clarke  :  Almeria  =  Miss  Macklin  :  Zara  = 
Mrs.  Bellamy,  1st  time. 

8.  King  Lear.     Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 


c.  o.  1766-1767. 

21.  Woodward's  bt.  Not  acted  10  years  (acted 
April  7  1759)  Humorous  Lieutenant.  Lieutenant 
(with  the  original  Prologue)  =  Woodward  :  Deme- 
trius =  Smith  :  King  =  Walker  :  Leonti  us  =  Gibson  : 
Celia  —  Mrs.  Bellamy : — with  Harlequin  Dr.  Faustus 
— the  Lieutenant  originally  spoke  the  Epilogue,  not 
the  Prologue. 

23.  Rival  Queens.     Alexanders  Smith,  1st  time  : 
Clytus  =  Gibson:  Lysimachus  =  Hull :  Hepbestion  = 
Dyer  :  Cassander  =  Clarke  :    Roxana  =  Mrs.    Bel- 
lamy, 1st  time  :  Statira  is  omitted  : — an  occasional 
Epilogue  in  character  by  Mrs.   Bellamy — this   was 
probably  Smith's  bt. 

24.  Shuter's  bt.  Beggar's  Opera,  and  Upholsterer. 
28.  For   bt.   of  Ross.      Cato  =  Ross  :    Juba  = 

Smith  :  Sempronius  =  Clarke  :  Syphax  =  Gibson  : 
Marcia  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

31.  Mrs.  Bellamy's  bt.  Cleone. 

April  6.  Miss  Macklin's  bt.  Merchant  of  Venice. 
Shylock  =  Macklin  :  Anthonio  =  Ross  :  Launcelot  = 
Shuter  :  Portia  =  Miss  Macklin: — with  Love  a-la- 
Mode.  Sir  Archy  =  Macklin. 

11.  Miss  Wilford's  bt.  Not  acted  6  years,  Suspici- 
ous Husband.  Ranger  =  Dyer  :  Strictland  =  Ross  : 
Clarinda  =  Miss  Wilford  :  Jacintha^Miss  Macklin. 

20.  Dyer's  bt.  Romeo  and  Juliet.     Romeo  =  Dyer : 
Mercutio  =  Woodward :  Juliet  —  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

21.  Miss  Poitier's  bt.  Rival  Queens  (as  March  23) 
with  Rosamond,  altered  from  Addison.    King  =  Mat- 
tocks: Sir  Trusty  =  Dibdin:  Queen  =  Miss  Poitier : 
Rosamond^ Mrs.  Pinto  :  Grideline  =  Mrs.  Baker  : — 
the  3  acts  of  the  original  are  reduced  to  2 — in  the 
Opera  as  printed  in  1767  Morrice's  name  stands  to 


136  c.  G.    1766-1767. 

Sir  Trusty,  and  Mrs.  Thompson's  to  the  Queen — 
Mrs.  Thompson  and  Miss  Poitier  are  the  same 
person. 

24.  Gibson's   bt,     Not   acted   25  years,   Double 
Falshood.    Julio  =  Ross  :  Henriquez  =  Smith  :  Duke 
—  Clarke  :   Don  Bernard  =  Walker  :  Camillo  =  Gib- 
son :  Violante  =  J\liss  Macklin :    Leonora  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks. 

25.  Walker's  bt.     Julius  Csesar — as  Jan.  31  1766. 

27.  Fair  Penitent.     Calista  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

28.  DunstalPs  bt.     Busy  Body.    Sir  Jealous  Traf- 
fick  =  Dunstall : — with  Midas. 

May  6.  Hull's  bt.  Double  Falshood.  Camillo  = 
Hull. 

11.  All  for  Love.     Octavia=Mrs.  Mattocks. 

23.  By  particular  desire.  Love  in  a  Village.  Haw- 
thorn =  Beard  : — this  was  his  last  appearance  on  the 
stage. 

25.  Rival  Queens.     Statira  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

26.  Conscious  Lovers.     Tom  =  Woodward. 

28.  King  John,  and  Coronation — seemingly  last 
play. 

June  9-  Shuter's  bt.  (probably  out  of  the  season) 
Busy  Body.  Marplot  =  Woodward  :  Sir  Francis  = 
Shuter  :  Miranda  =  Miss  Macklin  : — with  Love-a-la- 
Mode.  Sir  Archy  =  Macklin.  (Bills  from  B.  M.) 

Ross  left  C.  G.  at  the  end  of  this  season — he 
opened  the  Edinburgh  theatre  Dec.  9  with  a  new 
Prologue  ;  the  Patent  being  assigned  to  him.  (Lon- 
don Magazine.} 

Miss  Elliot  seems  not  to  have  acted  after  this 
season— see  C.  G.  Dec.  7  1769. 


HAY.  1767.  137 

Her  characters — selection  only. 

D.  L.  July  2  1761.  *  Maria  in  Citizen— *  Colum- 
bine in  Wishes. 

C.S.Dublin.  1761-1762.  Euphrosyne  —  Miss 
Notable  —  Columbine  —  Schoolboy  —  *  Daphne  in 
Midas. 

C.  G.  1762-1763.  Cherry— Phillis— Polly  Honey- 
combe — Edging — Miss  Biddy — Bisarre— Lady  Betty 
Modish — Berinthia. 

1763-1764.   Estifania — Termagant  in  Upholsterer 
—Flora  in   Country  Lasses — *Lady  Racket — Miss 
Prue — Mrs.  Sullen. 

1764-1765.  Millamant. 

1766-1767.  Calista— *Mary  Ann  in  School  for 
Guardians. 

*  Originally. 


HAY.  1767. 

Foote  opened  his  theatre  in  May  with  an  occa- 
sional Prelude Scaffold  the  Carpenter  presented 

a  long  bill  to  Foote. 

Foote.  Why  do  you  bring  it  to  me  ? 

Scaffold.  To  you  !  to  be  paid  to  be  sure. 

Foote.  I  pay  you  ! 


138  HAY.   1767. 

Scaffold.  Without  doubt. 

Foote.  No,  there  you  are  mistaken  ;  you  are  much 
better  off — it  is  these  Ladies  and  Gentlemen  who  are 
to  be  your  paymasters. 

Scaffold.    What  the  gentlefolks  above  and  below  ? 

Foote.  Aye,  the  whole  public,  for  if  they  don't,  I 
am  sure  it  is  out  of  my  power.  (London  Magazine.} 
Scaffold  says-— "  Consider  what  expedition  we 
"  have  made — all  this  work  here  in  three  months  ;  a 
"  tight  job,  master  Foote" — from  this  speech  it  seems 
probable  that  Foote  did  not  erect  an  entire  new 
theatre,  but  only  alter  and  repair  the  old  one — the 
London  Magazine  says,  "  the  improvements  which 
"  Foote  has  made  in  his  house  are  prodigious  " — 
this  could  hardly  be  said  of  a  new  theatre. 

Foote  did  not  publish  his  Prelude,  but  it  is  printed 
in  Cooke's  Life  of  Foote — the  characters  were — La- 
conic =  J.  Palmer  :  Snarl  =  Weston  :  Scaffold  =  Ban- 
nister :  Foote  =  Foote. 

June  22.  Barry  and  Mrs.  Dancer  came  out  in 
Romeo  and  Juliet — the  house  was  far  from  full,  and 
the  applause  not  extravagant — Barry  acted  Othello 
in  July.  (L.  M.) 

July  2.  Never  acted,  the  Tailors — this  is  a  mock 
Ti  agedy,  or  as  it  was  often  called  in  the  bills,  a 
Tragedy  for  warm  weather — the  cast  was  probably 
— Francisco  =  Foote  :  Abrahamides  =  Shuter :  Jacki- 
des  =  Weston  :  Isaacos  =  J.  Palmer :  Campbello  = 
Bannister  :  Dorothea  (wife  to  Francisco)  =  Mrs.  Jef- 
feries  :  Tittilinda  =  Mrs.  Gardner : — a  little  before 
this  time  there  had  been  great  disputes  in  London 
between  the  master-tailors  and  their  journeymen,  so 
as  to  become  a  general  town  talk  —some  person 


HAY.    1767.  139 

thought  this  a  good  subject  for  a  mock  Tragedy — 
Francisco  and  Campbello  are  master-tailors — Abra- 
hamides,  &c.  are  journeymen— the  latter  rebel  against 
the  former — Dorothea  pretends  to  be  fond  of  her 
husband,  but  intrigues  with  Isaacos — Francisco  dis- 
covers the  intrigue — he  is  indignant  at  being  made  a 
cuckold  by  a  journeyman — Francisco  dies — as  they 
prepare  to  carry  him  off,  he  starts  up,  and  says  he 
won't  trouble  them — Abraham  ides  is  committed  to 
prison  for  murder — his  sweetheart  Tittilinda  brings 
him  a  ruffled  shirt  to  be  hanged  in— she  faints,  and 
he  makes  his  exit — the  Gaoler  concludes  the  piece — 
the  Tailors  was  sent   to  Foote  from  Dodsley's  shop, 
and,  if  not  approved  of,   was  to  be  returned  in  the 
same  concealed  manner — but  Foote  knew  its  worth 
too  well  not  to  thank  the  author  for  his  present ;  he 
soon  put  into  rehearsal,  and  acted  the  principal  part 
himself — (Victor) — this   play   has   a    good   deal  of 
humour — but  there  is  one  radical  fault  in  it — in  bur- 
lesque the  characters  ought  to  be  persons  of  conse- 
quence, instead  of  which  they  are  here  Tailors — the 
catastrophe  might  perhaps  be  altered  for  the  better  ; 
as  a  man's  going  off  to  be  hanged  is  too  serious  a  con- 
clusion for  a  mock  Tragedy — this  piece  is  in  3  acts — 
the  name  of  the  author  is  unknown. 
July  9.  Tailors,  4th  time. 

15.  King  Lear.  Lear  =  Barry  :  Edgar  =:  T.  Barry  : 
Bastard  =  So  wdon  :  Cord  el  i  a  =  Mrs.  Dancer  : — with 
Lying  Valet.  Sharp  =  Shuter :  Kitty  Pry  =  Mrs. 
Gardner. 

It  appears  from  the  Lon.  Mag.  for  July  that  Mrs. 
Dancer  had  acted  Belvidera,  and  Jane  Shore, 

Aug.  10.  By  particular  desire— Beggar's  Opera. 


140  HAY.  1767. 

Macheath  =  Barry  :  Peachum  =  Shuter  :  Lockit  = 
Thompson  :  Mat  of  the  Mint  =  Bannister :  Ben 
Budge  =  J.  Palmer  :  Filch  =  Weston  :  Polly  =  Mrs. 
Dancer :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Mahon  :  —  with  Knights. 
Hartop  =  Shuter  :  Tim  =  Weston :  Jenny  =  Mrs. 
Gardner. 

31.  Countess  of  Salisbury,  5th  time.  Alwin  = 
Barry:  Raymond  — Thomas  Barry:  Grey  =  Sowdon  : 
Morton  =  J.  Palmer  :  Leroches  =  Gardner :  Lord 
William  =  Miss  Palmer  from  Dublin,  her  5th  ap- 
pearance in  this  kingdom  :  Countess  =  Mrs.  Dancer : 
Eleanor  =  Mrs.  Burden  : — with  the  Schoolboy — the 
Schoolboy^ Weston:  Major  Rakish = Shuter  :  Young 
Rakish  =  J.  Palmer  : — As  the  term  limited  by  Mr. 
Foote's  Patent  is  near  expiring,  the  Company  will 
perform  every  night  in  the  week  ;  (Saturdays  ex- 
cepted)  Mondays,  Wednesdays  and  Fridays,  Mr. 
Barry  and  Mrs.  Dancer  ;  Tuesdays  and  Thursdays, 
Mr.  Foote — To  Morrow,  the  Commissary,  being  the 
last  time  of  performing  that  piece  this  season.  To 
which  will  be  added  (by  particular  desire)  the  Taylors. 
r.  b. — in  the  T.  as  printed  Bannister's  name  stands 
to  Sir  Ardolf,  but  his  name  is  not  in  the  bill. 

The  Countess  of  Salisbury  came  out  at  Crow 
Street,  Dublin  in  1764-1765  —  it  was  written  by 
Hartson — the  Countess  has  reason  to  believe  that 
her  husband  is  dead,  but  is  in  no  certainty  about  the 
matter — Raymond  had  gotten  possession  of  her 
castle — he  wishes  to  marry  her — she  rejects  his  suit 
— Grey  instigates  Raymond  to  force  her — Raymond 
has  some  good  principles,  and  is  averse  from  using 
force — Alwin  is  Lord  Salisbury — he  comes  to  the 
castle  disguised  as  a  pilgrim — Raymond  questions 


HAY.  1767.  141 

him — from  the  ambiguous  answers  which  Alwin 
makes,  Raymond  concludes  that  Salisbury  had  been 
drowned — Alwin  is  permitted  to  see  the  Countess — 
Grey  presses  her  to  marry  Raymond  immediately — 
and  threatens  to  tear  her  son,  Lord  William,  from 
her,  if  she  should  refuse — she  calls  for  help — Salis- 
bury comes  to  her  assistance — Raymond  and  Grey 
enter  with  armed  Knights — Salisbury  throws  off  his 
disguise — he  is  overpowered  by  numbers,  and  carried 
to  prison — Grey  employs  Morton  to  assassinate 
Salisbury — he  pretends  to  have  done  so — Raymond 
is  shocked  at  the  supposed  murder — Morton  owns 
the  truth  to  him — Raymond  calls  forth  Lord  Salis- 
bury— he  gives  him  a  sword — they  fight — Raymond 
loses  his  sword — Salisbury  scorns  to  take  advantage 
of  his  situation — Raymond  takes  up  his  sword,  and 
stabs  himself  with  it — in  the  mean  time  Grey  had 
carried  off  the  Countess  and  her  son — a  party  of 
Salisbury's  friends  rescue  them,  and  kill  Grey — this 
is  a  moderate  T. — the  distress  is  natural,  domestic, 
and  consequently  affecting — Raymond  is  a  well 
drawn  and  by  no  means  a  hackneyed  character — the 
conduct  of  the  plot  is  faulty — in  the  4th  act  a  scene 
takes  place  between  Lord  and  Lady  Salisbury,  which 
cannot  with  any  degree  of  probability  be  supposed  to 
take  place  under  the  existing  circumstances — Salis- 
bury hears  his  wife's  cries— he  bursts  forth  from  his 
prison,  and  rushes  to  her  assistance,  without  meet- 
ing with  any  opposition  from  Raymond's  soldiers. 

Davies  says  that  Barry's  great  and  established 
reputation,  and  Mrs.  Dancer's  merit,  which  every 
day  became  more  and  more  conspicuous,  drew 
together  crowded  audiences  in  the  hottest  days  of 


PLAUTUS. 

July  and  August — the  Lon.  Mag.  speaks  much  less 
favourably  of  their  performances,  and  complains  much 
of  Mrs.  Dancer  for  having  contracted  an  Irish 
accent. 

The  Orators  was  acted  in  the  course  of  the  season. 
Lecturer  —  Foote  :  Pupils  =  Weston,  Shuter,  Quick, 
Bannister,  J.  Palmer,  &c.  (Bills  from  Mr.  Field.) 


PLAUTUS. 

The  first  2  vols.  of  a  translation  of  Plautus  were 
published  in  1767 — of  the  7  plays  contained  in  these 
2  vols.  5  were  translated  by  Bonnell  Thornton. 

1.  Amphitryon — see  Dryden's  Amphitryon  T.  R. 
1690. 

2.  Braggard  Captain — the  scene  lies  at  Ephesus  — 
Pleusides  and  Philocomasium  were  mutually  in  love 
— Pleusides  had  gone  to  Naupactum  on  a  public  ac- 
count— during  his  absence  Pyrgopoliriices  had  carried 
off  Philocomasium  from  Athens  without  her  consent 
— Palsestrio,  the  servant  of  Pleusides,  had  set  out 
for  Naupactum  to  inform  his  master  of  what  had 
happened — he    had    been    taken    at  sea    by  some 
pirates— they  had   given   him    to    Pyrgopolinices— 
— Palaestrio  had  sent  word  to  Pleusides  that  Philoco- 
masium was  at  Ephesus — Pleusides  had   come  to 
Ephesus — he  is  on  a  visit  to  Periplectomenes,  who 
was  his  father's  friend,  and  whose  house  joins  that  of 


PLAUTUS.  143 

Pyrgopolinices — Pyrgopolinices  had  given   Philoco- 
masium an  apartment  entirely  for  her  own  use — 
Palsestrio  had  made  a  hole  in  the  wall  between  the 
two  houses — Philocomasium  is  in  the  habit  of  pass- 
ing from  one  house  to  the  other  through  the  hole- 
here  the  play  begins — Sceledrus,  one  of  the  servants 
of  Pyrgopolinices,  Jn  following  a  monkey  over  the 
tiles,  takes  a  peep  into  the  house  of  Periplectomenes 
through  a  skylight — he  there  sees  Pleusides  caress- 
ing Philocomasium — Philocomasium  enters  from  the 
house  of  Periplectomenes — she  pretends,  by  the  sug- 
gestion of  Palsestrio,  that  she  is  not  Philocomasium, 
but  her  twin-sister  Glycere,  who  had  yesterday  come 
to  Ephesus  with  her  lover — Sceledrus  goes  into  his 
master's  house,  and  finds  Philocomasium  lying  on  a 
bed— Periplectomenes  allows  Sceledrus  to  go  into  his 
house— he  finds  Philocomasium  there,  but  takes  her 
to  be  Glycere— he  again  finds  Philocomasium  in  his 
own  house — so  that  he  believes  the  story  of  the  twin- 
sister,  and  determines  not  to  say  any  thing  to  his 
master  about   the  matter— Palsestrio  next   forms  a 
plan  to  enable  Pleusides  to  carry  of  Philocomasium 
— Periplectomenes,  by  the  desire  of  Paleestrio,  en- 
gages the  assistance  of  a  courtezan,  called  Acroteleu- 
tium — he  dresses  her  up  as  his  wife     she  pretends  to 
be  desperately  in  love  with  Pyrgopolinices — Pyrgo- 
polinices is  not  only  a  pretender  to  excessive  valour, 
but  has  also  a  vast  opinion  of  his  own  beauty — this 
makes  him  readily  fall  into  the  trap  which  Palaestrio 
had  laid  for  him — Pyrgopolinices,  on  the  supposition 
that  Acroteleutium  is  in  love  with  him,  wishes  to  get 
rid  of  Philocomasium — Paleestrio  advises  him  to  let 
her  return  to  Athens  with  her  twin-sister — Pyrgopoli- 


144  PLAUTUS. 

nices  not  only  consents  to  this,  but  allows  Palsestrio 
to  attend  her — Pleusides  enters  disguised  as  a  sailor — 
he  carries  off  Philocomasium — Philocomasium  and 
Palsestrio  affect  a  great  reluctance  to  leave  Pyrgopo- 
linices — Pyrgopoli nices  goes  into  the  house  of  Peri- 
plectomenes  to  visit  Acroteleutiurn — Periplectomenes 
pretends  to  be  in  a  great  rage  with  Pyrgopolinices 
for  attempting  to  debauch  his  wife — Pyrgopolinices 
pleads  that  Acroteleutium's  maid  had  told  him  that  her 
mistress  was  separated  from  her  husband,  and  that 
the  house  was  her  own — the  servants  of  Periplecto- 
menes beat  Pyrgopolinices — Sceledrus  tells  him  that 
the  pretended  sailor  was  Philocomasium's  lover — 
this  is  a  very  good  C. — the  main  incident  was  bor- 
rowed by  Poole  in  his  Hole  in  the  Wall — see  D.  L. 
June  23  1813. 

3.  Captives — the  scene  lies  in  .ZEtolia — the  ^Eto- 
lians  and  the  Elians  are  at  war — Philopolemus,  the 
son  of  Hegio,  had  been  taken  prisoner  by  the  Elians 
— Hegio  purchases  several  Elian  Captives  in  the 
hopes  of  recovering  his  son  by  exchange — among 
these  Captives  are  Philocrates  and  his  servant  Tyn- 
darus — Philocrates  and  Tyndarus  change  characters 
• — Hegio  allows  the  supposed  Tyndarus  to  return 
home — he  discovers,  from  another  Elian  Captive, 
that  Tyndarus  is  not  the  master,  but  the  servant — 
Hegio  is  enraged  at  the  trick  that  had  been  put  on 
him,  and  sends  Tyndarus  to  work  in  the  stone-quar- 
ries— Philocrates  comes  back  to  ^Etolia,  and  brings 
Philopolemus  with  him — Hegio  is  delighted  at  reco- 
vering his  son — he  acknowledges  that  Philocrates  had 
behaved  honourably  —  Philocrates  intercedes  with 
Hegio  in  favour  of  Tyndarus — his  request  is  readily 


PLAUTUS.  145 

granted — Tyndarus  proves  to  be  the  son  of  Hegio — 
he  had  been  stolen  when  he  was  4  years  old — the 
father  of  Philocrates  had  bought  him  to  wait  upon 
his  son,  who  was  at  that  time  a  boy — this  is  a  good 
C. — the  whole  of  it  is  serious,  except  the  character  of 
a  Parasite — at  the  conclusion,  one  of  the  actors  re- 
quests the  applause  of  the  audience  for  a  chaste  play 
— this  C.  was  translated  by  Warner— Ben  Jonson  has 
founded  the  greater  part  of  his  Case  is  Altered  on 
this  play — see  the  6th  vol.  of  Jon  son's  works  at  the 
end  of  1815-1816. 

4.  Treasure.  Charmides,  on  going  abroad,  had 
buried  3000  pieces  of  gold  in  his  house — he  had  com- 
municated the  secret  to  Callicles — Lesbonicus,  the 
son  of  Charmides,  had  dissipated  his  father's  pro- 
perty— he  had  sold  the  house— Callicles  had  bought 
it,  that  the  hidden  treasure  might  not  fall  into  strange 
hands — at  the  opening  of  the  play,  Megaronides  re- 
proaches Callicles  for  buying  the  house,  and  thereby 
supplying  Lesbonicus  with  fresh  means  for  his  extra- 
vagance— Callicles,  to  vindicate  himself,  lets  Mega- 
ronides into  the  secret — Lysiteles  prevails  on  his 
father  to  consent  to  his  union  with  the  sister  of 
Lesbonicus,  tho'  she  has  no  fortune  —Lesbonicus  has 
too  much  spirit  to  let  his  sister  be  married  without 
a  portion — he  offers  to  give  his  sister  the  only  farm 
which  he  has  still  remaining — Lysiteles  and  his  father 
refuse  to  accept  it — Callicles  thinks  it  a  shame  that 
his  friend's  daughter  should  be  married  without  a 
portion — he  consults  Megaronides — they  agree  to 
hire  a  person,  to  pretend  that  he  is  just  come  from 
abroad,  and  that  he  has  brought  Callicles  1000  pieces 
of  gold  from  Charmides  as  a  portion  for  his  daughter 

VOL.    V.  L 


146 


PLAUTUS. 


— Callicles  takes  the  money  from  the  treasure — Char- 
mides  returns — he  falls  into  conversation  with  the 
impostor — says  he  is  Charmides,  arid  demands  the 
money— the  impostor  will  not  give  it  to  him — Cal- 
lieles  tells  Charmides  all  that  he  had  done — Char- 
mides is  grateful  to  his  friend  for  his  fidelity — he 
forgives  Lesbonicus  at  the  request  of  Callicles — Les- 
bonicus  promises  to  reform,  and  to  marry  the  daugh- 
ter of  Callicles — this  is  a  good  C. — it  has  been  adapted 
to  the  French  stage — Colman  in  his  Man  of  Business 
(see  C.  G.  Jan.  31  1774)  has  borrowed  the  scene  be- 
weeri  the  impostor  and  Charmides — Plautus  calls 
his  play  Trinummus— that  is  the  Three  pieces  of 
money— the  sum  given  to  the  impostor  for  acting 
his  part. 

5.  Merchant — Demipho  had  built  a  ship  for  his 
son  Charinus,  and  had  sent  him  to  Rhodes  with 
merchandise — Charinus  had  disposed  of  his  mer- 
chandise to  advantage — he  had  fallen  in  love  with 
Pasicompsa,  and  had  bought  her  of  a  friend  to  whom 
she  was  a  slave — Charinus  returns  to  Athens — in  the 
#d  scene,  his  servant,  Acanthio,  tells  him  that  Demi- 
pho had  gone  on  board  the  ship,  and  had  seen  Pasi- 
compsa— Acanthio  pretended  that  Charinus  meant 
Pasicompsa  for  an  attendant  on  his  mother — Demi- 
pho tells  Charinus  that  Pasicompsa  would  not  suit 
his  mother,  but  that  an  old  gentleman  of  his  acquain- 
tance had  fallen  in  love  with  her,  and  would  give  a 
high  price  for  her — Charinus  is  extremely  averse  to 
have  Pasicompsa  sold,  but  Demipho  persists  in  his 
resolution — Lysimachus  buys  Pasicompsa  for  Demi- 
pho, and  brings  her  to  his  house — Dorippa,  the  wife 
of  Lysimachus,  is  in  a  rage — she  supposes  that  Pasi- 


PLAUTUS.  14-7 

compsa  is  her  husband's  mistress — Charinus  is  in 
despair  at  having  lost  Pasicornpsa — Eutychus,  the 
son  of  Lysimachus,  tells  his  friend  Charinus  that 
Pasicompsa  is  at  his  father's  house — Eutychus  and 
Lysimachus  rate  Demipho  soundly  for  wanting  to 
keep  a  mistress  at  his  years — Demipho  is  forced 
to  resign  Pasicompsa  to  his  son — this  C.  was 
translated  by  Colrnan — Thornton  when  he  set  about 
translating  Plautus,  determined  to  write  his  transla- 
tion in  blank  verse,  in  imitation  of  Col  man's  Te- 
rence— but  Thornton's  blank  verse  is  far  from  being 
so  easy  and  colloquial  as  Col  man's. 

6.  Miser — Plautus  calls  this  play  the  Comedy  of 
the  Pot — Euclio,  the  Miser,  was  poor,  but  had  lately 
found  a  Pot,  which  was  full  of  gold,  and  which  his 
grandfather  had  buried— the  gold  does  not  contribute 
to  his  happiness,  as  he  has  not  spirit  to  use  it,  and  is 
in  continual  fear  that  it  should  be  stolen — Megadorus 
offers  to  marry  Phaedra,  the  daughter  of  Euclio, 
without  a  portion — Euclio  accepts  the  offer,  but  sus- 
pects that  Megadorus  had  smelt  out  the  Pot — Strobi- 
lus,  the  servant  of  Lyconides,  discovers  the  place  in 
which  Euclio  has  buried  his  Pot — he  steals  the  Pot 
—Euclio  is  in  despair  when  he  finds  that  he  has  lost 
it — Phaedra  is  with  child  by  Lyconides  who  wishes  to 
marry  her — Megadorus  is  uncle  to  Lyconides — he 
readily  resigns  Phaedra — a  scene  of  equivocation  en- 
sues— Lyconides  speaks  to  Euclio  about  his  daughter 
— Euclio  thinks  that  Lyconides  is  speaking  about  the 
Pot — Strobilus  acknowledges  to  his  master  that  he 
had  stolen  the  Pot — the  remainder  of  the  play  is  lost 
— according  to  the  Supplement  of  the  Translator, 
Strobilus  gives  the  Pot  to  Lyconides,  on  condition  of 

L2 


148  PLAUTUS. 

obtaining  his  liberty — Euclio  recovers  the  Pot,  and 
consents  to  the  union  of  his  daughter  and  Lyconides 

Moliere  founded  his  Miser  on  this  C. — Shadwell 

and  Fielding  adapted  Moliere's  play  to  the  English 
stage — Ben  Jonson  has  founded  the  other  part  of 
his  Case  is  Altered  on  this  play — Dr.  Vincent,  in 
1796,  published  an  edition  of  it,  as  acted  by  the 
King's  Scholars  at  Westminster — he  made  some 
alterations  in  it,  to  fit  it  for  that  purpose. 

7-  Shipwreck — Plautus  calls  this  C.  the  Cable  or 
Rope— the  scene  lies  on  the  sea  coast  near  Cyrense 
— the  stage  represents  the  temple  of  Venus,  the 
house  of  Daemones,  &c.  — Daemones  and  Pleusi- 
dippus  are  Athenian  gentlemen — Palaestra  and  Am- 
pelisca  are  slaves  to  Labrax,  who  is  a  procurer — 
Palaestra  is  by  birth  an  Athenian — she  had  been  kid- 
napped in  her  infancy — Pleusidippus  had  fallen  in 
love  with  her — had  bargained  for  her  with  Labrax — 
and  had  paid  him  earnest — Labrax  had  hired  a  ship 
privately — had  carried  Palaestra  and  Ampelisca  on 
board — and  had  set  sail  for  Sicily — at  the  opening  of 
the  play  the  ship  is  wrecked — Palaestra  and  Ampe- 
lisca get  safe  to  shore — they  take  refuge  in  the  temple 
of  Venus — and  are  kindly  treated  by  the  priestess — 
Labrax  attempts  to  carry  them  by  force  from  the 
temple  —  Daemones  rescues  them — Pleusidippus  drags 
Labrax  before  the  magistrates — they  award  Palaestra 
to  Pleusidippus — in  the  mean  time,  Gripus,  the  ser- 
vant of  Daemones,  enters  with  a  net  and  a  rope 
fastened  to  it — he  had  pulled  out  of  the  sea  a  wallet 
belonging  to  Labrax,  with  a  casket  in  it  belonging  to 
Palaestra— Palaestra  by  means  of  the  casket  is  dis- 
covered to  be  the  daughter  of  Daemones — Pleusi- 


PLAUTU8.  149 

dippus  marries  her— this  is  one  of  the  best  of  Plautus' 
Comedies. 

The  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  says  that  the  remainder 
of  the  Plays  was  translated  by  Warner. 

8.  The  Asses — Demaenetus  had  married  Artemona 
for  her  money — their  son,  Argyrippus,  is  in  love  with 
a  courtezan,   called  Philenium — she  is  in  love  with 
him — her  mother  insists  on  being  well  paid — Argy- 
rippus wants  20  minae  for  that  purpose— his  father 
would  willingly  assist  him,  but  it  is  not  in  his  power, 
as  he  is  under  petticoat  government — Saureas,  the 
steward  of  Artemona,  had  sold  some  Asses — the  man 
who  had  bought  the  Asses,  does  not  know  Saureas  by 
sight — Leonida  pretends  to  be  Saureas — Demsenetus 
confirms   the   imposition — the  money  is  paid,  and 
given   to   the    mother   of   Philenium — Demsenetus 
stipulates  that  his  son  should  let  him  have  a  share  of 
Philenium — Diaboltis,  the  rival  of  Argyrippus,  sends 
his  parasite  to  tell  Artemona  what  had  happened — 
she  finds  Demsenetus  and  Argyrippus  drinking  with 
Philenium — she  gives  her  husband  a  good  jobation, 
and  forces  him  to  go  home — Argyrippus  is  left  in  the 
quiet  possession  of  Philenium— this  is  a  laughable 
Comedy. 

9.  Curculio,   or  the  Parasite — the    scene  lies  at 
Epidaurus — Phaedromus   and     Planesium    are   mu- 
tually in  love — she  is  the  slave  of  Cappadox,  who  had 
agreed  to  sell  her  to  a  Soldier — Phaedromus  had  sent 
his  Parasite,    Curculio,  into   Caria,   in  the  hope  of 
borrowing  money  to  buy  Planesium— Curculio  re- 
turns without  any  money,  but  with  the  seal  of  the 
Soldier,  which  he  had  contrived  to  steal — the  Soldier's 
Banker,  on  receiving  a  letter  sealed  with  the  seal, 


150  PLAUTUS. 

believes  Curculio  to  be  the  Soldier's  servant,  and 
gives  him  the  money  which  he  wants — Curculio  pur- 
chases Planesium  of  Cappadox  for  his  patron — the 
Soldier,  on  his  return,  threatens  Cappadox  and  the 
Banker — Planesium  proves  to  be  the  sister  of  the 
Soldier,  and  the  play  ends  with  the  marriage  of 
Phsedromus  and  Planesium — this  is  a  good  C. — in 
the  1st  act  Phsedromus  sprinkles  a  door  with  wine 
— a  drunken  old  woman,  who  has  the  care  of  Plane- 
sium, enters,  being  attracted  by  the  smell — Massinger 
has  imitated  this  scene  in  his  Very  Woman. 

10.  Casina,  or  the  Lots — Euthynicus  is  the  son 
of  Stalino  and  Cleostrata — Casina  is  a  slave  who  had 
been  well  brought  up  by  Cleostrata — the  father  and 
the  son  are  both  of  them  in  love  with  Casina — Olym- 
pio  is  servant  to  the  father — Chalinus  is  servant  to 
the  son — Stalino  promotes  the  marriage  of  Olympio 
with  Casina,  hoping  by  that  method  to  have  her  for 
his   mistress — his   son   wishes   Chalinus    to    marry 
Casina  for  the  same  reason — Euthynicus  is  not  one 
of  the  D.  P. — but  his  mother  suspects  her  husband's 
views,  and    supports   Chalinus — it    is   agreed,   that 
Olympio  and  Chalinus  should  cast  lots  for  Casina — 
Olympio  gains  her — Chalinus  is  dressed  up  by  the 
women  as  the  bride — he  is  carried  off  by  Olympio 
and  Stalino — they  proceed  to  take  liberties  with  him, 
and  get  well  beaten — Chalinus  jeers  them — Stalino 
is  glad  to  obtain  his  wife's  pardon — here  the   play 
ends — but  one  of  the  actors  tells  the  audience,  that 
Casina  will  prove  to  be  the  daughter  of  a  citizen,  and 
be  married  to  Euthynicus — this  is  a  good  C. 

11.  The  Casket — the  plot  of  this  play  is   slight, 
and  the  play  itself  much  shorter  than  usual Al- 


PLAUTUS.  i  :>  \ 

cesimarchus  is  desperately  in  love  with  Silenium, 
the  supposed  daughter  of  Melseriis— she  is  in  love 
with  him — the  father  of  Alcesirnarchus  wishes  him 
to  marry  the  daughter  of  Demipho  hy  his  first  wife 
— at  the  conclusion,  Silenium  proves  to  he  the  daugh- 
ter of  Demipho  by  his  present  wife  — ths  discovery 
is  made  by  means  of  a  Casket. 

12.  Epidicus  — Warner,  in  his  translation,  calls 
this  play  the  Discovery — the  scene  lies  at  Athens- 
Strati  ppocles,  the  son  of  Periphanes,  had  joined  the 
army— he  had,  by  his  letters,  importuned  Epidicus 
to  procure  the  liberty  of  a  female  musician,  with 
whom  he  was  in  love — Epidicus  is  the  slave  of  Peri- 
phanes— he  had  made  Periphanes  believe  that  the 
girl  was  his  daughter — Periphanes  had  accordingly 
bought  her — in  the  mean  time  Stratippocles  had  fallen 
in  love  with  a  captive,  and  had  purchased  her — 
he  returns  to  Athens  with  the  banker  from  whom  he 
had  borrowed  the  money  for  the  purchase  of  the 
captive — he  now  enjoins  Epidicus  to  raise  the  sum 
which  he  wants  to  pay  the  banker — Epidicus  effects 
this  by  playing  his  master  another  trick — the  old 
man  finds  out  how  grossly  he  has  been  imposed  on 
by  Epidicus — he  meditates  a  severe  revenge — Epidi- 
cus is  in  despair,  till  he  discovers  that  the  captive 
virgin  is  really  the  daughter  of  Periphanes — Peri- 
phanes is  so  pleased  at  finding  his  daughter,  that  he 
gives  Epidicus  his  liberty — this  is  one  of  Plautus' 
best  plays— and  seemingly  his  own  favourite — the 
character  of  Epidicus  requires  a  very  good  actor — 
Plautus,  in  his  Baccides  makes  Chrysalus  say — "  I 
"  love  the  play  of  Epidicus,  as  I  love  myself,  but  I 


PLAUTUS. 

"  see  no  play  so  unwillingly,  when  Pellio  acts  the 
"  part." 

13.  Bacchides,  or  the  Courtezans — the  two  Courte- 
zans, who  give  the  title  to  the  play,  are  sisters  and 
twins — each  of  them  has  the  name  of  Bacchis— the 
scene  lies  at  Athens — Nicobulus  had  sent  his  son, 
Mnesilochus,  and  his  servant,  Chrysalus,  to  Ephesus, 
to  receive  a  considerable  sum  of  money  which  was 
due  to  him — Mnesilochus  had  written  to  his  friend, 
Pistoclerus,  and  requested  him  to  find  out  Bacchis, 
with  whom  he  was  in  love — Pistoclerus  does  as  he 
was  desired,  and  falls  in  love  with  the  other  Bacchis 
— Mnesilochus  and  Chrysalus  return  to  Athens  with 
the  money,  but  Chrysalus  makes  Nicobulus  believe, 
that  Mnesilochus  was  only  able  to  get  a  part  of  it 
— Lydus  tells  Philoxenus,  the  father  of  Pistoclerus, 
that  his  son  is  in  love  with  Bacchis — Mnesilochus 
joins  in  the  conversation,  and  concludes  from  it,  that 
his  friend  had  seduced  the  affections  of  his  mistress 
— with  this  impression  on  his  mind,  he  gives  his 
father  all  the  money,  instead  of  retaining  most  of  it 
for  his  private  expenses,  as  he  originally  intended — 
when  he  finds  that  Pistoclerus  is  in  love  with  the 
other  Bacchis,  he  is  very  angry  with  himself— Chry- 
salus goes  to  work  again,  and  by  another  stratagem 
gets  more  money  from  Nicobulus — at  the  conclusion, 
the  two  Courtezans  coax  Nicobulus  and  Philoxenus, 
till  they  persuade  them  to  go  into  their  house,  and 
sup  with  their  sons — this  is  a  laughable  C. — the 
concluding  scene  seems  improbable,  but  Plautus,  in 
an  address  to  the  audience,  observes  that  he  would 
not  have  represented  Nicobulus  and  Philoxenus  as 


PLAUTUS.  153 

acting  as  they  did,  if  he  had  not  seen  old  men,  in 
real  life,  acting  in  a  similar  mariner. 

14.  Mostellaria,  or  the   Haunted   House — Theu- 
ropides  had  been  abroad  for  3  years — in  the  mean 
time  his  son  Philolaches,  had  bought  a  girl  for  his 
mistress,  and  had  lived  in  an  extravagant  manner— 
Tranio,  the  servant  of  Theuropides,  had  encouraged 
his  young  master  in  his  extravagance — the  old  man 
returns  home — Tranio  gets  a  sight  of  him  as  soon  as 
he  is  landed,  and  runs  back  to  give  Philolaches  notice 
— Philolaches   is   enjoying   himself  with  his  friend 
Callidamates   and    two   courtezans — Tranio  makes 
them  all  leave  the  stage,  and  shuts  up  the  house,  as 
if  no  one  lived   in  it — Theuropides  knocks  at  the 
door,  but  can  get  no  answer — Tranio  tells  him  that 
the  House  is  Haunted — and  that  his  son  had  pur- 
chased another  house — Theuropides  insists  on  know- 
ing from  whom  he  had  purchased  it — Tranio  says 
from  Simo — this  impudent  lie  passes  on  Theuropides 
for  some  time,  but  at  last  he  discovers  the  whole  truth 
— Callidamates  prevails  on  him  to  pardon  his   son 
and  Tranio — this  is  a  good  C. — the  principal  inci- 
dents of  it  have  been  3  times  brought  on  the  Eng- 
lish stage — see  the  English  Traveller  in  the  6th  vol. 

of  the    Old  Plays   reprinted    in    1814-1815 the 

Lucky  Prodigal  L.  I.  F.  Oct.  24  1715— and  the  In- 
triguing Chambermaid  D.  L.  Jan.  15  1734. 

15.  Pseudolus,  or   the  Cheat — Ballio,    who  is  a 
pander,  had  bargained  to  sell  Phoenicium  to  a  Soldier 
for  20  mirise— the  Soldier  had  paid  down  15,  and  it 
was  agreed  between  him  and  Ballio,  that  when  he 
should    send    the    other    5,    and   a   certain  token, 
Ballio    should    deliver  Phoenicium  to  the  bearer — 


PLAUTUS, 

Callidorus,  the  son  of  Simo,  is  in  love  with  Phoeni- 
cian!, but  in  despair  of  being  able  to  purchase  her 
— Pseudolus  promises  his  assistance  to  his  young 
master — Simo  warns  Ballio  to  be  on  his  guard 
against  Pseudolus — Harpax,  the  Soldier's  servant, 
comes  to  fetch  Phoenicium — Pseudolus  pretends  to 
be  Syrus,  Ballio's  servant — Harpax  refuses  to  pay 
the  money  to  any  body  but  Ballio  himself— he  gives 
the  supposed  Syrus  a  letter — tells  him  where  he  is 
going,  and  desires  to  be  called  when  Ballio  .shall 
come  home — an  impudent  fellow,  called  Simia,  is 
hired  to  assist  Pseudolus  in  cheating  Ballio — he 
is  dressed  up  as  Harpax — Ballio,  on  receiving  the 
5  minse,  and  the  letter  with  the  token  in  it,  makes 
no  scruple  of  delivering  Phoenicium  to  Simia — the 
real  Harpax  returns  to  the  stage — Ballio  and  Simo 
fancy  him  to  be  an  impostor  hired  by  Pseudolus — 
they  treat  him  accordingly — at  last  Ballio  finds  out 
the  trick — Simo  is  pleased  with  Pseudolus  for  his 
cleverness  —  this  is  Plautus'  best  C. — Ruggle,  in 
the  first  three  acts  of  his  Ignoramus,  has  borrowed 
considerably  from  it— see  English  Lawyer  T.  R. 
1678. 

16.  The  Carthaginian — the  scene  lies  at  Calydon 
in  ^Etolia — Agorastocles,  when  7  years  old,  had  been 
stolen  from  Carthage,  and  sold  to  an  ^Etolian,  who  had 
adopted  him  as  his  son,  and  had  made  him  his  heir 
at  his  death — Adelphasium  and  Anterastilis,  with 
their  nurse  had  also  been  stolen  from  Carthage,  and 
had  been  sold  to  Lycus,  who  is  a  pander — at  the 
opening  of  the  play,  Agorastocles  is  in  love  with 
Adelphasium — his  servant,  Milphio,  devises  a  plan 
by  which  Agorastocles  may  get  Lycus  into  his  power 


PLAUTUS. 


—the  plan  succeeds  —  in  the  mean  time,  a  Cartha- 
ginian, called  Hanno,  comes  to  Calydon  —  he  dis- 
covers Agorastocles  to  be  his  nephew  —  and  the  two 
girls  to  be  his  daughters  —  Lycus  is  forced  to  resign 
them  —  Agorastocles  marries  Adelphasium  —  this  is  a 
pretty  good  C. 

17.  The  Persian  —  Toxilus,  the  servant  of  Timar- 

chides,  is  in  love  with  a  girl  who  is  the  property  of  a 

pander,   called  Dordalus  —  he  borrows  some  money 

from  a  friend  —  and  purchases  the  girl  with    it  —  in 

order  to  get  back  the  money,  he  pretends  to  have 

received  a  letter  from  his  master,  who  is  in  Persia  — 

the  purport  of  the  letter  is,  that  he  should  assist  the 

bearer  in  disposing  of  a  woman,  who  had  been  stolen 

from  Arabia  —  the  bearer  of  the  letter  is  a  Parasite, 

dressed  up  as   a  Persian  —  the   woman  is   his  own 

daughter  —  Dordalus  buys  her  for  60  minae  —  the  Pa- 

rasite throws  off  his  disguise,  and  claims  his  daughter 

—he  threatens   to   prosecute   Dordalus  for  having 

bought  a  free  woman  —  Dordalus  is  forced  to  submit 

—  in  the  last  scene,    Toxilus  and  his  friends  make 

themselves  merry  at  the  expense  of  Dordalus  —  this  is 

a  laughable  C. 

18.  Stichus,  or  Conjugal  Fidelity  —  Panegyris  and 
Pinacium,  the  daughters  of  Antipho,  are  married  to 
Epignomus  and  Pamphilippus  —  their  husbands  had 
been  absent  from  home  for  3  years,  without  sending 
them  any  message  —  Antipho  wants  his  daughters  to 
abandon  their  husbands  —  they  beg  his  permission  to 
decline  the  proposal  —  the  husbands  return  —  they  are 
now  become  rich,  and  Antipho  is  easily  reconciled  to 
them  —  Stichus  is  the  servant  of  Epignomus—  as  he 
had  partaken  of  his  master's  troubles  abroad,  he 


156  PLAUTUS. 

requests  that  he  may  be  allowed  to  make  a  holiday 
on  his  return  home — Epignomus  readily  consents — 
this  is  the  worst  of  Plautus'  Comedies — the  Mistaken 
Husband  (see  T.  R.  167«5)  is  founded  on  this  play 
and  Amphitryon. 

19.  The  Twins— see  C.  G.  Jan.  22  1779. 

20.  The  Churl — the  scene  lies  at  Athens — Phro- 
nesium  is  a  courtezan  who  has  three  lovers — namely, 
Dinarchus,   a   young   man    of  the  city — Strabax,  a 
young  man  of  the  country — and  Stratophanes,  who  is 
a  soldier— her  object  is  to  get  as  much  money  from 
each   of  them,  as  she  can — and    particularly  from 
Stratophanes,    who   is   absent —during  his  absence 
she  procures  a  new  born  child,  of  which  she  pretends 
to  have  been  just  delivered — and  of  which  she  says 
Stratophanes  is  the  father— Stratophanes  on  his  re- 
turn is  much  pleased  with  the  child — the  child  proves 
to  be  the  son  of  Dinarchus,  by  a  young  woman  whom 
he  had  seduced,  and  whom  he  marries  at  the  conclu- 
sion of  the  play — in  the  last  scene,  Stratophanes  and 
Strabax  strive  to  exceed  each  other  in  the  presents 
which   they   make  to  Phronesium — Stratilax,  who 
gives  the  title  to  the  play,  is  a  servant  of  churlish 
manners — he  is  at  first  very  angry  that  Strabax,  who 
is  his  master's  son,  should  waste  his  money  on  Phro- 
nesium— but  in  the  3d  act  he  bargains  with  Phrone- 
sium's  woman  to  be  on  the  same  terms  with  her,  that 
Strabax  is  with  her  mistress — this  is  a  good  C. — 
Shadwell,  in  his  Squire  of  Alsatia,  has  borrowed  the 
character  of  Lolpoop  from  that  of  Stratilax  in  this 
play. 


D.  L.   1767-1768.  157 


D.  L.  1767-1768. 

Sep.  12.  Clandestine  Marriage 15.  Hamlet. 

16.  Beggar's  Opera 17.  Richard  3d. 

18.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  To wnly  =  Reddish, 
his  1st  appearance  there  :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Ab- 
ington  : — for  Reddish  see  Irish  Stage. 

21.  Romeo  and  Juliet 22.  Cymon. 

23.  English  Merchant.  Freeport  =  Holland  :  Lord 
Falbridge  =  Reddish. 

25.  Provoked  Wife.     Brute  =  Garrick. 

No  plays  from  Sep.  28  to  Oct.  5  on  account  of  the 
death  of  the  Duke  of  York. 

Oct.  9.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour.  Kitely  =  Gar- 
rick  :  Bobadill  =  King  :  Master  Stephen  =  Dodd  : 
Brainworm  =  Baddeley  :  Cob  =  Moody  :  Wellbred  — 
Palmer:  Dame  Kitely  =  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

10.  Cymbeline.  Posthumus  =  Reddish  :  Imogen 
=  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

14.  Tancred  and  Sigismunda.  Tan cr ed  =  Holland : 
Sigismunda  =  Mrs.  Dancer,  being  her  1st  appearance 
there. 

15.  Suspicious  Husband.     Ranger  =  Garrick. 

20.  Alchemist.   Abel  Drugger  — Garrick  :  Surly  = 
Baddeley. 

21.  King  Lear  =  Barry,  his  1st  appearance  there 
for  10  years  :   Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Dancer  :    Goneril^ 
Mrs.  W.  Barry : — Murphy  speaking  of  Barry   and 
Mrs.  Dancer  says — "  the  news  of  their  engagement 
"  ran  like  wild-fire  through  the  town  :  in  Oct.  Barry 
"  set  off  in  his  grand  character  of  Othello,  and  acted, 


158  D.  L.  1767-1768. 

"  to  the  great  delight  of  the  public,  3  nights  in  suc- 
"  cession  :  Mrs.  Dancer  made  her  1st  appearance  in 
"  Douglas  " — Murphy  is  frequently  very  inaccurate. 

22,  As  you  like  it.     Touchstone  =  King,  1st  time  : 
Jaques  =  Love  :  Orlando  •=.  Palmer  :  Adam  =  Havard  : 
Amiens  =  Vernon  :    Celia  =  Mrs.  Baddeley :  Rosa- 
lind =  Mrs.  Dancer  :    r.  b. — the  Dramatic  Censor  in 
1770  prefers  Mrs.  Dancer  (then  Mrs.  Barry)  to  Mrs. 
Woffington  in  this  character,  and  even  to  Mrs.  Prit- 
chard  as  having  a  more  characteristic  appearance. 

23.  London  Merchant.     George  Barnwell  =  Red- 
dish,  1st  time  : — with,   never  acted,  A  Peep  behind 
the  Curtain,  or  the  New  Rehearsal.     Glib  —  King  : 
Sir  Toby  Fuz  =  Love  :    Sir  Macaroni  Virtu  =  Dodd  : 
Wilson  (in  love  with  Miss  Fuz)=r  J.  Palmer  :  Mervin 
(his  friend)  =  Aikin  :  Patent,  the  Manager  =  Packer : 
Hopkins,  the  Prompter  =  Bannister  :  Saunders,  the 
Carpenter  =  Moody  :   Johnston,  the  Housekeeper  = 
Johnston  :   Lady  Fuz  =  Mrs.  Clive  :    Miss  Fuz  (in 
love  with  Wilson)  =  Miss  Pope  :  Sweepers  =  Mrs. 
Bradshaw  and  Mrs.  Love  : — characters  in  the  Bur- 
letta — Orpheus  =  Vernon  :  Old  Shepherd  =  Dodd  : 
Chorus  of  Shepherds  =  Parsons,  Hartry,  &c.  :    Rho- 
dope  =  Mrs.  Arne  : — acted  with  success — after  the  1st 
scene,  the  rest  of  the  piece  is  supposed  to  pass  on  the 
Stage  of  D.  L.  theatre — Glib's  Burletta  is  rehearsed 
— while  the  rehearsal  is  going  on,  Wilson  runs  off 
with  Miss  Fuz — Mrs.  Clive,  and  King  in  their  as- 
sumed characters  speak  of  themselves  in  their  real 
characters  as  actors — this  Farce  is  attributed  to  Gar- 
rick — King  in  the  Prologue  says — 

"  I  Thomas  King,  of  King  Street,  am  the  Poet." 


D.  L.   1767-1768.  159 

We  are  told  in  the  B.  D.  that  this  line  was  an  equivo- 
cal assertion  purposely  put  in,  as  it  might  be  under- 
stood to  imply,  that  King  was  the  real  Author  of  the 
Farce,  or  that  he  acted  the  part  of  Glib  in  the  Farce 
— but  King  seems  fairly  to  have  owned  the  Farce  at 
first — he  concludes  with— 

"  Light  is  my  heart,  from  apprehensions  free  — 
"  If  you  wou'd  save  Old  Nick,  you'll  never  damn 
"  poor  me." 

—me  in  the  last  line,  cannot,  with  any  degree  of 
propriety  be  applied  to  Glib. 

24.  King  Lear  =  Barry. 

26.  Earl  of  Essex  =  Holland  :  Rutland  =  Mrs. 
Palmer. 

28.  Much  ado.  Benedick  =  Garrick  :  Claudio  = 
Palmer  :  Dogberry  =  Parsons  :  Beatrice  =  Miss  Pope: 
Hero  =  Mrs.  Baddeley,  1st  time  : — with  Virgin  Un- 
masked. Coupee  =  Dodd :  Miss  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Abington. 

29  and  31.  Othello  =  Barry:  lago  =  Holland  : 
Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Dancer. 

30.  Clandestine  Marriage.     Lovewell  =  Reddish. 

Nov.  4.  Tamerlane.     Moneses  —  Reddish. 

6.  Foundling.     Young  Belmont  =  Palmer. 

7.  Not  acted  5  years,    Double  Disappointment. 
Phelim  =  Moody  :    Marquis  =  Baddeley. 

11.  '^Zara.  Lusignan  =  Garrick  :  Zara  =  Mrs. 
Dancer. 

13.  Earl  of  Warwick.     King  Edward  =  Reddish. 

16.  Country  Girl  =  Mrs.  Abington :  —  Garrick 
should  have  given  her  the  character  originally ;  she 
had  played  similar  parts  in  Ireland  with  great  success. 


160  D.  L.   1767-H68. 

19-  Orphan  of  China.  Etan  =  Reddish  : — he  made 
his  1st  appearance  on  the  Irish  Stage  in  this  cha- 
racter—see S.  A.  1761.1762. 

20.  Conscious  Lovers.     Daniel  =  Weston  :    Indi- 
ana —  Mrs.  Dancer :   Phillis  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

21.  Orphan.     Castalio  —  Reddish  :    Chamont^: 
Holland :    Monimia  =  Mrs.  Dancer. 

23.  School  for  Lovers.     Araminta  —  Mrs.   Abing- 
ton :    Cselia  =  Mrs.    Palmer  : — with  Lethe.      Lord 
Chalkstone  =  Garrick. 

24.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn  —  Holland :  Almeria 
=  Mrs.  Dancer  :    Zara—  Mrs.  W.  Barry. 

26.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  —  Palmer  :  Brazen 
=  King  :  Bullock  =  Moody :  Welch  Collier  =  Badde- 
ley :  Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Dancer. 

Dec.  1.  Stratagem.  Archer  =  Garrick,  1st  time 
for  5  years  :  Scrub  =  Weston  :  Airnwell  =  Palmer  : 
Foigard  =  Moody  :  Gibbet  =  Baddeley  :  Mrs.  Sullen 
=  Mrs.  Dancer  :  Cherry  =  Miss  Pope. 

4.  Beggar's  Opera.     Lucy —  Miss  Pope. 

5.  Never  acted,   Widow'd  Wife.     Frederic   Mel- 
moth   (in  love  with  Narcissa)  =  Reddish  :   Syllogism 
(his  servant)  =  King  :    General  Melmoth  =  Holland  : 
Colonel  Camply  (in  love  with  Sophia)  =  Aikin  :  Al- 
derman Lombard  =  Love  :  Furnival  (a  worthless  bar- 
rister) =  J.  Palmer  :  Lord  Courtly  (in  love  with  Nar- 
cissa) =i  J.  Aikin  :   Dr.  Mineral  =  Dodd  :    Mrs.  Mild- 
may  (the  Widow'd  Wife)  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Narcissa 
(her  daughter — in  love  with  Young  Melmoth)  =  Mrs. 
Abington :    Sophia  (daughter  to  the  Alderman — in 
love   with  Camply)  =  Mrs.  Palmer:    Sift  (woman  to 
Mrs.  Mildmay)  =  Mrs.  Clive:    Susans  Mrs.  Brad- 
shaw: — acted  14  or  15  times— Wildman  had  deserted 


D.  L.  1767-1768.  161 

his  wife  in  a  fit  of  jealousy — she  had  assumed  the 
name  of  Mildmay — he  had  assumed  the  name  of 
Melmoth — General  Melmoth  had  returned  to  Eng- 
land after  an  absence  of  about  12  years — Mrs.  Mild- 
may  accidently  sees  him  as  he  is  stepping  into  his 
carriage — he  does  not  happen  to  see  her — Young 
Melmoth  and  Narcissa  agree  to  elope  to  Scotland — 
they  are  prevented — Mrs.  Mildmay  takes  it  into  her 
head,  that  because  her  husband  had  assumed  the  name 
of  Melmoth,  Frederic  Melmoth  must  be  their  son 
— this  is  badly  managed,  as  we  are  repeatedly  told 
that  Frederic  Melmoth's  father  is  just  dead — conse- 
quently General  Melmoth,  who  is  alive,  could  not  be 
his  father — Narcissa  is  naturally  shocked  at  having 
been  on  the  point  of  marriage  with  her  brother — Ge- 
neral Melmoth  calls  on  Mrs.  Mildmay  not  knowing 
who  she  is— they  are  soon  reconciled,  as  he  had  long 
been  convinced  of  her  innocence — he  tells  her  that 
their  son  is  dead — the  imaginary  obstacle  to  the  union 
of  Young  Melmoth  and  Narcissa  is  removed — Col. 
Camply  marries  Sophia — the  scene  lies  at  Bath — this 
is  a  moderate  C.  by  Kenrick— the  dialogue  is  better 
than  the  plot — Syllogism  and  Sift  are  by  far  the  best 
characters. 

Jackson  says,  that  James  Aikin  was  at  the  head  of 
the  Edinburgh  Theatre  in  1766-1767,  and  that  in 
consequence  of  the  riot  which  took  place  there,  he 
went  to  D.  L. — Aikin,  who  came  from  Dublin  and 
made  his  1st  appearance  at  D.  L.  May  17  1765  was 
Francis  Aikin,  the  elder  brother  of  James  Aikin. 

15.  Venice  Preserved.     Jaffier  —  Barry  :  Pierre  = 
Holland :  Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Dancer. 

VOL.  V.  M 


162  D.  L.  1767-1768. 

22.  Romeo  and  Juliet.     Romeo  =  Barry  :    Mercu- 
tio  =  Dodd :  Juliet  =  Mrs.  Dancer. 

23.  Suspicious    Husband.      Strictland  =  Love : 
Frankly  =  Aikin  :  Clarinda  —  Miss  Pope  :  Jacintha^ 
Mrs.  Jefferies  :  Lucetta=z  Mrs.  Love  : — r.  b. — rest  as 
Nov.  28  1766. 

28.  Earl  of  Essex.     Southampton  =  Aikin  :  Queen 
=1  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Nottingham  =  Mrs.  Reddish. 

29.  Foundling.     Young  Belrnont  =  J.  Aikin  :   Sir 
Charles  Raymond  =  Bannister  :  Faddle^Dodd  :  Ro- 
setta  —  Miss  Pope  :    Fidelia  =  Mrs.  Palmer. 

30.  Plain  Dealer.      Jerry  Blackacre  =  Weston  : 
Fidelia  =  Mrs.  Jeffries. 

Jan.  2.  Provoked  Hushand.  Lord  To wnly  =  Barry : 
Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Dancer. 

4.  Orphan.  Castalio  =  Barry :  Monimia  =  Mrs. 
Dancer. 

6-8  and  12.   Countess  of  Salisbury. 

9.  Merry  Wives.  Fal staffs  Love  :  Ford  =  Havard: 
Sir  Hugh  Evans  =  Parsons :  Dr.  Caius  =  Baddeley  : 
Slender^ Dodd  :  Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

13.  Hamlet  =  Garrick  :  Osrick  =  Dodd  :  Lucianus 
=  Weston:  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Baddeley:  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard  : — with  Deuce  is  in  him.     Col.  Tamper  — 
Palmer. 

14.  Macbeth.     Macbeth  =  Barry  :    Macduff=Ha- 
vard  :  Banquo  =  Palmer  :   Rosse  =  Aikin  :  Witches 
=  Burton,  Love,   and  Baddeley:    Lady  Macbeth  = 
Mrs.  Dancer  :  Lady  Macduff  rz  Mrs.  Reddish,     r.  b. 

19.  All  in  the  Wrong.    Sir  John  Restless  =  King  : 
Belinda^ Mrs.  Abington  :  Lady  Restless  =  Mrs.  Pal- 
mer:   Clarissa^ Mrs.  W.  Barry. 

20.  Countess  of  Salisbury.     Alwin  =  Barry  :  Ray- 


D.L.   1767-1768. 

mond  =  Reddish  :  Grey  =  Aikin  :  Morton  =  J.  Pal- 
mer :  Sir  Ardolph  =  Bannister  :  Countess  =  Mrs. 
Dancer. 

23.    Never  acted,  False  Delicacy.     Cecil  =  King  : 
Lord  Win  worth  =  Reddish  :     Col.  Rivers  =  Holland  : 
Sir  Harry  Newburgh  (in  love  with  Miss  Rivers)  =  J. 
Palmer:  Sidney  =  Cautherley  :  Lady  Betty  Lambton 
=  Mrs.  Abington  :    Mrs.   Harley  (a  lively  widow)  = 
Mrs.  Dancer  :    Miss  Marchmont  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  : 
Miss  Rivers  (in  love  with  Sir  Harry)  =  Mrs.  Jefferies: 
Sally  (her  maid)  =  Miss  Reynolds  ; — acted  about  18 
times— the  object  of  this  play  is  to  ridicule  False  De- 
licacy— Lord  Winworth  had  paid  his  addresses  to  Lady 
Betty  Lambton — she  had  declined  them  from  False 
Delicacy,    and  not  from  want  of  affection  for  him— 
when  it  is  too  late,  she  is  heartily  sorry  for  what  she 
has  done— Lord  Winworth  then  pays  his  addresses  to 
Miss  Marchmont,  and  requests  Lady  Betty  to  use 
her  influence  with  Miss  Marchmont  in  his  favour — 
Miss  Marchmont  is  the  daughter  of  a  clergyman, 
and  under  serious  obligations  to  Lady  Betty — Lord 
Winworth's  proposal  embarrasses  Lady  Betty  and 
Miss  Marchmont  to  the  last  degree  —  Lady  Betty 
thinks  herself  bound  in  honour  to  recommend  Lord 
Winworth  to  Miss  Marchmont  as  a  husband— Miss 
Marchmont  is  secretly  in  love  with  Sidney,  but  fears 
that  her  rejecting  of  any  proposal  made  to  her  by 
Lady  Betty  would  appear  like  ingratitude  to  her — 
at  the  conclusion,  Airs.  Harley  and  Cecil  contrive  to 
make  Lady  Betty  arid  Lord  W  in  worth  express  their 
real'sentiments  for  each  other — there  is  an  import- 
ant underplot— Sir  Harry  Newburgh  requests  Col. 
Rivers'  consent  to  his  union  with  Miss  Rivers — the 

M    2 


164  D.  L.   1767-1768. 

Cole  nel  refuses  his  consent — partly  because  he  had 
promised  his  daughter  to  Sidney — and  partly  because 
he  ie  not  aware  of  her  partiality  for  Sir  Harry — Sir 
Hairy  prevails  on  Miss  Rivers  to  elope  with  him — 
Col.  Rivers  discovers  their  design,  and  prevents  it — 
Sidr  ey  naturally  declines  a  marriage  with  a  woman 
who  is  in  love  with  another  man — Col.  Rivers  is  at 
first  very  angry,  he  afterwards  gives  his  daughter  to 

Sir  Harry — Sidney  marries  Miss  Marchmont 

this  play  was  written  by  Kelly — it  is  quite  a  senti- 
mental Comedy — as  such  it  is  a  very  good  one — but 
with  all  its  merits,  it  would  be  vastly  dull,  if  it  were 
not  for  the  characters  of  Mrs.  Harley  and  Cecil. 

Fob.  4.  (and  8  by  Command)  Macbeth.  Macbeth 
=  Oarrick  :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

Ifi.  Register  Office,  with  a  new  character  by  Miss 
Pope—  this  was  Mrs.  Doggerel — a  part  which  she 
played  particularly  well. 

20.  Guardian.     Heartly  =  Reddish,  1st  time. 

2' '.  Never  acted,  Zenobia.  Rhadamistus  (the 
elde  3  son  of  Pharasmanes)  =  Barry  :  Teribazus  (his 
younger  son)  —  Holland:  Pharasmanes  (King  of 
Ibei  ia,  and  Usurper  of  Armenia)  =  Aikin  :  Megistus 
(an  old  shepherd)  =  Havard  :  Zopiron  =  Packer  : 
Zer  obia  :=  Mrs.  Dancer:  Zelmira  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry  : 
— Mithridates  the  King  of  Armenia  was  the  brother 
of  Pharasmanes — he  had  brought  up  Rhadamistus 
— i  n  process  of  time  he  had  given  him  his  daughter, 
Ze  lobia,  in  marriage — Pharasmanes  had  murdered 
Mithridates,  and  would  have  murdered  Rhadamistus, 
if  '  te  could  have  gotten  him  into  his  power — Rhada- 
mi  -tus  and  Zenobia  were  pursued  by  their  enemies, 
an  i  had  thrown  themselves  in  despair  into  the 


D.  L.  1767-1768.  165 

Araxes — Zenobia's  life  had  been  saved  by  Meg<8tus 
-Rhadamistus  had  put  himself  under  the  prote<  tion 
of  the   Romans  — at  the  opening  of  the  play,  the 
Romans  are  encamped  at  no  great  distance  from  the 
forces  of  Pharasmanes — Zenobia,  under  the  assumed 
name  of  Ariana,  is  a  prisoner  in  the  camp  of  Pha- 
rasmanes —  Pharasmanes  and  Teribazus  are  in  love 
with  her— Rhadamistus  comes  to  Pharasmanes  as 
the  Roman  Ambassadour,  and  under  the  name  of 
Flaminius — Flaminius  and  Ariana  (that  is  Rhada- 
mistus and  Zenobia)  meet — each  of  them  had  sup- 
posed  the   other  to  be  dead -- Teribazus  requests 
Flaminius  to  place  Ariana  in  safety  in  the  Roman 
camp — Flaminius  readily  consents  to  do  so — Phuras- 
manes  is  informed  that  Flaminius  had  carried  off 
Ariana — Teribazus  had  heard  Ariana  declare   her 
affection  for  Flaminius — he  now  thinks  that  Flami- 
nius  has   acted   towards   him    with   treachery  --he 
pursues  them,  and  brings  them  back  as  prisoners — 
Pharasmanes  condemns  Flaminius  to  death — Aiiana 
consents  to  marry  Pharasmanes,  on  condition  that 
he  will  spare  the  life  of  Flaminius — she  poisons  the 
marriage  cup  of  which  they  were  both  to  drink- -the 
scene   opens  and  discovers  an  altar,  &c. — Ph:iras- 
manes  feels  the  stroke  of  death — she  tells  him  \vith 
exultation  that  she  had  inflicted  it— and  that  she  is 
Zenobia — Zenobia   dies — Rhadamistus  throws  him- 
self on   the   dead  body  —  Teribazus  concludes  the 

play this  T.  was  written   by   Murphy — he   has 

founded  it  on  the  51st  chapter  of  the  12th  book  of 
Tacitus — but  nearly  the  whole  of  it  is  fiction  the 
allusions  which  Pharasmanes  and  Teribazus  make 


166  D.L.  1767-1768. 

to  the  Roman  history  are  quite  out  of  character — 
Pharas manes  says  of  the  Romans  that  "  where  the 
"  sword  has  made  a  solitude,  that  they  proclaim  a 
"  peace" — this  is  judiciously  introduced  from  the 
life  of  Agricola — the  character  of  Zenobia  is  parti- 
cularly well  supported  in  the  5th  act — the  rest  of  the 
play  has  not  much  to  recommend  it — that  part  of 
the  catastrophe  which  relates  to  Pharasmanes  and 
Zenobia,  comes  originally  from  Plutarch,  who  relates 
a  similar  story  of  Camrna  in  his  Anecdotes  of  famous 
women — Corneille  wrote  a  Tragedy  on  the  story  of 
Gamma— and  Gildon,  in  his  Roman  Bride's  Revenge, 
had  introduced  the  striking  incident  on  our  stage 
before  Murphy. 

29.  By  Command.     Hamlet  =:Garrick. 

March  1.  Guardian.  Sir  Charles  Clackit  =  Bad- 
del  ey  :  Young  Clackit  =  Dodd  :  Harriet  =  Mrs. 
Palmer. 

3.  High  Life.  Lovel=  Cautherley  :  Duke's  Ser- 
vant =  Palmer  :  Sir  Harry's  Servant  —  Dodd  :  Philip 
=  Baddeley  :  Kitty  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

7.  Garrick  acted  Abel  Drugger  and  Lord  Chalk- 
stone. 

10.  Thomas  and  Sally.  Thomas  =  Vernon  : 
Squire  =  Dodd. 

15.  Mrs.  Dancer's  bt.  Rival  Queens.  Alexander 
=  Barry :  Clytus  =  Holland  :  Statira  =  Mrs.  Dancer : 
Roxana  is  omitted  :  —  with  Florizel  and  Perdita. 
Florizel  is  omitted:  Autolicus  =  King:  Perdita  = 
Mrs.  Dancer. 

17.  Mrs.  Clive's  bt.  Way  of  the  World.  Mira- 
bell  =  Palmer :  Fainall  — Reddish:  Witwou'd  =± King  : 


D.  L.    1767-1768.  167 

Lady  Wishfort  =  Mrs.  Clive :  Millamant  (for  that 
night  only)  —  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Foible  =  Miss  Pope  : 
— rest  omitted — with  Peep  behind  the  Curtain. 

21.  Holland's  bt.  All  for  Love.  Antony  =  Barry : 
Ventidius  =  Holland  :  Dolabella  =  Aikin  :  Cleopatra 
=  Mrs.  Dancer:  Octavia  =  Mrs.  Hopkins: — with, 
never  acted,  Absent  Man.  Shatterbrain  =  King : 
Frank  (his  servant)  =  Palmer :  Welldon  (in  love 
with  Flavia)  =  Cautherley :  Dr.  Gruel  =  Hurst :  Capt. 
Slang  =  J.  Palmer  :  Mrs.  Junket  and  Miss  Frolick^: 
(probably)  Mrs.  Hopkins  arid  Mrs.  Jeffries  :  Flavia 
=  Mrs.  W.  Barry:  Landlady  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw: — 
in  this  Farce  as  printed,  the  names  of  Mrs.  John- 
ston and  Miss  Reynolds  stand  to  the  parts  of  Mrs. 
Junket  and  Miss  Frolick,  but  they  did  not  act  on 
this  evening  —  Shatterbrain  is  engaged  to  marry 
Flavia— on  the  wedding  day  Dr.  Gruel,  her  father, 
calls  for  Shatterbrain,  and  finds  him  from  home — 
he  had  forgotten  that  he  was  to  be  married — Shat- 
terbrain returns — Dr.  Gruel  leaves  him  to  dress — 
after  Shatterbrain  is  gone  out,  Mrs.  Junket  and  a 
party,  whom  he  had  invited  to  supper,  enter - 
they  follow  him  to  Gruel's  —  Gruel  is  sent  for  to 
a  patient  —  some  of  the  company  amuse  Shatter- 
brain — in  the  mean  time  Flavia  is  married  to  Well- 
don   this  is  a  pretty  good  Farce  by  Bicker- 

staffe  —  King  is  said  to  have  been  inimitable  in 
Shatterbrain. 

24.  King's  bt.  Not  acted   8   years,    Merchant  of 
Venice.     Shylock  =  King  :  Anthonio  (for  that  night 
only) ir:  Barry  :    Bassanio  =  Holland:    Gratiano  = 
Palmer  :  Lorenzo  =  Vernon  :  Launcelot  =  Winfield : 


168  D.  L.  1767-1768. 

Portia  —  Mrs.  Dancer  :  Nerissa  =  Mrs.  Jeffries  : 
Jessica  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  : — withLinco's  Travels,  and 
Absent  Man — part  of  the  pit  laid  into  the  boxes — 
King  is  much  praised  in  the  London  Magazine  for 
his  performance  of  Shylock — he  continued  to  play 
the  part  for  many  years,  but  it  was  not  quite  suited 
to  him. 

26.  Vernon's  bt.  As  you  like  it.  Orlando  =  Red- 
dish : — with  Devil  to  Pay. 

April  4.  Palmer's  bt.  Hamlet  =  Holland  :  Osrick 
=  Dodd:  1st  Gravedigger  =  Parsons:  Queen  (for 
the  last  time)  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  —  with  Absent 
Man. 

5.  Mrs.  Palmer's  bt.  Jealous  Wife. 

6.  Mrs.  Abington's  bt.  Way  to  keep  him.     Love- 
more  =  Holland  :  Sir  Bashful  Constant  =  King  :    Sir 
Brilliant  Fashion  =  Palmer  :    William  =  Baddeley  : 
Widow  Bellmour  (with  a  song  in  character)  =  Mrs. 
Abington  :  Mrs.  Lovemore  =  Mrs.  Palmer,  1st  time  : 
Muslin  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Lady  Constant  =  Mrs.  Barry  : 
Mignionet  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw  : — with  a  new  Comedy 
of  two  acts  called   National   Prejudice — Reddish — 
Cautherley — J.  Palmer— Miss  Reynolds  and   Mrs. 

Abington in  act  the  1st  a  French  dance,  called 

the  Cotillino— r.  b. — the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.    says 
that  this  piece  was  an  alteration  of  the    Englishman 
in  Bordeaux. 

7.  Miss    Pope's  bt.    Clandestine    Marriage,    arid 
Register  Office. 

8.  Havard's  bt.     King  Lear  =  Barry  :    Edgar  = 
Reddish  :  Cordelia  —  Mrs.  Dancer. 

9»  Love's  bt.  Provoked    Husband.     John   Moody 


D.  L.  1767-1768.  169 

(for  that  night  only)  =  King  :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs. 
Dancer  :— with  Mayor  of  Garratt.  Mrs.  Sneak  = 
Miss  Pope. 

11.  Dodd's  bt.      Romeo  =  Barry:    Mercutio  — 
Dodd:  Juliet  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry. 

1 2.  Reddish's  bt.    Richard  3d  =  Reddish,  1  st  time : 
King  Henry  =  Burton  :  Richmond  =  Palmer  :  Buck- 
ingham =  Aikin  :  Tressel  =  Cautherley  :    Lieutenant 
of  the  Tower  =  Moody :    Lord  Mayor  =  Baddeley  : 
Queen  (last  time)  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : — with,  never 
acted  there,   Like    Master  like  Man — altered  from 
Variburgh's  Mistake — King — Cautherley — Baddeley 

—Mrs.  Baddeley,  and  Mrs.  Abington — they  proba- 
bly acted  Sancho — Carlos — Lopez  —  Leonora,   and 

Jacinta this  Farce  came  out  in  Ireland — perhaps 

before  Reddish  left  that  kingdom — it  was  printed  at 
Dublin  in  1770 — the  Mistake  is  so  good  a  play  that 
it  ought  not  to  have  been  cut  down  to  a  Farce — 
besides  the  thing  is  done  in  an  absurd  manner — in 
the  2d  act,  Leonora  threatens  that  she  would  repulse 
Carlos  for  the  future,  but  she  certainly  had  not  re- 
pulsed him  when  she  makes  her  exit — yet  Carlos 
enters  immediately  and  says — "  repulsed  again !  this 
"  is  not  to  be  borne." 

14.  Cautherley's  bt.  Funeral.  Lord  Hardy  = 
Cautherley  :  Trim  =  King  :  Campley  =  Gentleman, 
his  1st  appearance  on  the  stage  :  Sable  =  Moody  : 
Puzzle  =  Baddeley  :  Lady  Brumpton  (last  time)  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Lady  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Abington  : 
Lady  Charlotte  =  Mrs.  Palmer: — with,  never  acted, 
Wit's  last  Stake.  Martin  (servant  to  Saville — in 
love  with  Lucetta)  =  King  :  Linger  (uncle  to  Saville) 
=  Parsons:  Saville  (in  love  with  Myra)  =  J.  Aikin: 


170  D.  L.    1767-1768. 

Lucetta  (servant  to  Linger)  =  Miss  Pope  :  Myra  (in 
love  with  Saville)  =  Mrs.  Jefferies  :  Mrs.  Watchly 

(her  mother)  =  Mrs.  Johnston: — r.  b. Linger   is 

in  a  dying  state — he  sends  for  two  Proctors — the 
persons  about  him  suppose  that  he  means  to  make 
his  Will — he  says  he  has  sent  for  the  Proctors  to 
draw  up  his  marriage  articles  with  Myra — Linger  is 
exhausted,  and  obliged  to  retire — he  falls  into  a 
lethargy  and  is  supposed  to  be  dead — when  the 
Proctors  arrive,  Martin  pretends  to  be  Linger — he 
dictates  a  Will  to  them — taking  good  care  not  to 
forget  himself  and  Lucetta — Linger  recovers — Saville 
confesses  the  trick  they  had  played — Linger  acknow- 
ledges that  his  love  for  Myra  was  preposterous — and 
gives  orders  for  her  marriage  with  Saville — this  is 
a  tolerable  Farce  by  King,  whose  acting  was  the 
chief  support  of  it — Parsons  and  Miss  Pope  like- 
wise acted  very  well — in  the  piece  as  printed,  Cau- 
therley's  name  stands  to  Saville. 

15.  Mrs.  Baddeley's  bt.  Cymon.     Merlin  =  Aikin  : 
— with  Lyar.     Young  Wilding  =  J.  Palmer :  Papil- 
lion  =  Baddeley  :  Sir  James  Elliot  =  J.  Aikin  :    Miss 
Grantham  =  Mrs.  Jeffries. 

16.  Mrs.  King's   bt.   Merchant    of  Venice.     An- 
thonio  =  Reddish  :  Bassanio  (for  that  night  only)  = 
Holland. 

22.  Tempest,  and  Lyar. 

24.  Mrs.  Pritchard's  bt.  Macbeth  =  Garrick : 
Macduff  =  Reddish  :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Prit- 
chard,  being  the  last  time  of  her  appearing  on  the 
stage. 

Garrick  wrote  her  farewell  address — which  began 
thus — 


D.  L.  1767-1768.  171 

"  The  Curtain  dropt — my  mimic  life  is  past — 

"  That  scene  of  sleep  and  terror  was  my  last. 

******* 

"  I  now  appear  myself — distress'd,  dismayed, 
"  More  than  in  all  the  characters  I've  play'd  ; 
"  In  acted  passion  tears  must  seem  to  flow, 
"  But  '  I  have  that  within  that  paiseth  show' ' 
&c.  &c.     {Murphy  and  Victor} 

A  fine  print  of  Garrick  and  Mrs.  Pritchard  in 
Macbeth  was  published  in  1776— it  was  taken  from  a 
painting  by  Zoffany— Mrs.  Pritchard  has  the  daggers 
in  her  hand— Garrick  is  dressed  in  a  modern  suit  of 
clothes  with  broad  lace  on  his  coat  and  waistcoat. 

27.  Aikin's  bt.  Not  acted  10  years,  Theodosius. 
Varanes  =  Barry  :  Theodosius  =  Reddish  :  Marciari 
is  omitted  :  Athanais  =  Mrs.  Dancer :  Pulcheria  = 
Mrs.  W.  Barry. 

May  4.  Suspicious  Husband.  Ranger  =  King : — 
with  Deuce  is  in  him.  Col.  Tamper  =  J.  Palmer. 

5.  Barry's  bt.     Othello. 

6.  For  bt.  of  Weston  and  others.      Stratagem. 
Archer  —  King. 

7.  For  Johnston  Box-book  keeper.      School  for 
Lovers.     Modely  —  Dodd,    1st    time : — with    Like 
Master  like  Man  3d  time. 

12.  False  Delicacy,  18th  or  19th  time the  suc- 
cess of  this  play  kept  sentimental  C.  in  fashion  for 
several  years,  till  Foote  by  a  little  piece,  called 
Piety  in  Pattens,  brought  that  species  of  composi- 
tion into  disrepute A  play  made  up  of  grave 

and  moral  sentiments  does  not  deserve  the  name 
of  Comedy — when    the  pathetic    is   properly  inter- 


172  D.  L.   1767-1768. 

woven,  it  in  some  degree  compensates  for  the 
absence  of  wit  and  humour,  but  still  a  picture  of 
the  manners  is,  for  the  most  part,  attended  with 
ridicule — if  an  author  has  the  art  to  blend  the 
pathetic  and  comic  in  due  proportion,  they  together 
produce  a  fine  effect,  but  the  pathetic  should  be 
subordinate  to  the  gaiety  which  is  essential  to  true 
Comedy — the  serious  and  domestic  drama,  which 
has  neither  pathos  or  humour,  is  a  new-fangled 
species  which  deserves  no  encouragement — but  many 
writers,  finding  the  grave  arid  serious  more  suited  to 
the  mediocrity  of  their  genius — (Murphy) — have 
given  us  5  acts  of  "  the  purest  morals  un defiled  by 
"  wit,"  and  called  them  Comedies. 

No  plays  from  May  13  to  May  23  on  account  of 
the  death  of  the  Princess  Louisa. 

23.  Catharine  and  Petruchio.  Catharine^  Miss 
Pope. 

26.  By  particular  desire,  Suspicious  Husband. 
Ranger  =  Garrick. 

31.  For  the  Theatrical  Fund.  H ami et  =  Garrick. 
(Bills  from  B.M.} 

Dr.  Burney's  collection  had  hitherto  consisted  of 
the  bills  cut  out  of  the  newspapers — this  season  has 
several  of  the  bills  regularly  printed  for  the  theatre 
— but  all  of  those  marked  r.  b.  are  from  my  own 
collection. 

The  King  of  Denmark  being  in  England  gave 
notice  of  his  desire  to  see  some  few  plays— most  of 
the  performers  being  dispersed  in  their  country  en- 
gagements, Garrick  prevailed  on  Woodward  and  Mrs. 
Bellamy  to  assist  him. 

Aug.  18.  By  particular  desire,    Suspicious  Hus- 


D.L.    1767-1768.  173 

band.  Ranger  =  Garrick  :  Jack  Meggot  =  Woodward : 
Clarinda  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

Sep.  8.  By  particular  desire,  Provoked  Wife.  Sir 
John  Brute  =  Garrick  :  Lady  Brute  -  Mrs.  Stephens: 
Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Bellamy.  (B.  Jlf.) 

Garrick  acted  Brute  5  times— Kitely  4— Ranger 
4— Abel  Drugger  3 — Benedick  1 — Lusignan  2 — 
Archer  5— Hamlet  3— Macbeth  3— Lord  Chalk- 
stone  1. 

Mrs.  Pritchard  did  not  long  survive  her  retirement 
from  the  stage  ;  she  died  at  Bath  in  the  August  fol- 
lowing, lamented  by  all  that  knew  her  either  in  her 
profession,  or  in  private  life.  (Murphy.) 

She  acted  small  parts  at  first  and  rose  gradually  to 
the  top  of  her  profession — when  young,  her  person 
was  genteel  and  her  countenance  attractive— her 
simple,  yet  expressive  manner,  her  unembarrassed  de- 
portment, and  proper  action  charmed  all  spectators 
—her  delivery  of  dialogue,  whether  humour,  wit,  or 
sprightliness,  was  never  surpassed,  nor  perhaps 
equalled — she  had  an  uncommon  method  of  pleasing 
the  ear,  she  uttered  her  words,  as  the  great  poet  ad- 
vises the  actor,  smoothly  and  trippingly  from  the 
tongue ;  and  however  voluble  in  enunciation  her 
part  might  require  her  to  be,  yet  by  her  exact  articula- 
tion, not  a  syllable  was  lost — her  chief  excellence  lay 
in  such  parts  as  Rosalind — Mrs.  Sullen — Lady  Brute 
— Estifania — Clarinda — Beatrice — Berinthia,  &c. — 
in  all  such  characters  as  are  thrown  into  situations  of 
intrigue,  gaiety  and  mirth,  with  diversity  of  humour, 
wit  and  pleasantry,  she  was  inimitably  charming  — 
in  Lady  Townly  and  Lady  Betty  Modish  she  con- 
ceived accurately  and  acted  pleasantly  and  with  ap- 


174  D.L.  1767-1768. 

plause  ;  but  neither  her  person,  nor  manner  were 
sufficiently  elegant  and  graceful  (latterly  at  least)  for 
the  high-bred  woman  of  fashion — tho'  she  could  do 
nothing  ill,  yet  there  always  seemed  a  restraint  upon 
her  genius,  when  she  appeared  in  such  parts  as  Cla- 
rissa in  the  Confederacy  and  Lady  Dainty ;  in  them 
she  only  showed  her  great  knowledge  in  her  business  ; 
but  in  characters  of  unaffected  nature,  her  genius 
shone  with  the  greatest  splendour— among  other  ac- 
complishments, she  was  famous  for  scolds  and  vira- 
gos— her  Termagant  in  the  Squire  of  Alsatia — Dol 
Common— and  especially  Mrs.  Oakly,  were  finished 
pictures  of  female  violence — notwithstanding  the  ful- 
ness of  her  person,  and  her  advanced  age,  the  town 
was  charmed  to  the  last  with  her  Millamant — her 
easy  manner  of  speaking  and  action  supplied  the 
want  of  an  elegant  form,  and  a  youthful  countenance 

Tho'  she  was  always  deservedly  applauded  in 

Tragedy,  and  performed  many  principal  characters 
with  great  reputation,  yet  her  merit  there  was  not 
equal  to  what  it  was  in  Comedy — she  was  however 
eminent  in  parts  which  required  force  of  expression 
and  dignity  of  figure — to  Merope — Creusa—  and  par- 
ticularly Queen  Katharine,  she  gave  importance  by 
her  action,  as  well  as  speaking — Churchill  speaks  in 
high  terms  of  her  Zara  (M.  B.) — she  was  excellent 
in  the  Queen  in  Hamlet — her  attention  to  all  the  less, 
and  seemingly  unimportant  business  of  the  part,  was 
so  exact,  that  this  was  esteemed  one  of  her  best  cha- 
racters, and  after  she  left  the  stage,  her  loss  was  not 
regretted  more  in  any  character  than  this— the  uni- 
versal applause  she  received  in  the  closet  scene  was 
thought   by  her   a  sufficient  recompense,  for  going 


D.  L.   1767-1768.  175 

through  the  rest  of  the  character — her  few  defects  in 
Tragedy  proceeded  from  a  too  loud  and  profuse  ex- 
pression of  grief,  and  want  of  grace  in  her  manner 
— Garrick  told  Wilkinson  that  she  was  apt  to  hlubber 
her  grief;  and  in  no  part  more  remarkably,  than  in 
the  last  scene  of  Volumnia  in  Coriolanus.  (Davies 
chiefly.) 

Besides  the  print  of  Mrs.  Pritchard  in  Lady  Mac- 
beth, there  is  another  of  her  in  Hermione  in  the 
Winter's  Tale — it  was  engraved  from  a  painting  by 
Pine,  and  published  in  1765 — she  seems  to  have  had 
rather  strong  and  expressive  than  pleasing  features. 


Mrs.  Pritchard's  characters. 

Bartholomew  Fair  1733.  Loveit  in  Cure  for  Co- 
vetousriess,  or  the  Cheats  of  Scapin. 

Hay.  1733-1734.  Nell  in  Devil  to  Pay— Dorcas  in 
Mock  Doctor — Phillis  (the  Country  Lass)  in  Livery 
Rake — Ophelia — Edging — Cleora  in  Opera  of  Operas 
— *  Shepherdess  in  the  Festival — Lappet — Phaedra  in 
Amphitryon — Hob's  Mother  in  Flora — Sylvia  in  Dou- 
ble Gallant— Peasant  Woman  in  Burgomaster  Tricked 
— *Belina  in  Mother  in  law. 

D.  L.  1734.    Mrs.  Fainall. 

1734-1735.  Silvia  in  Old  Batchelor— Lady  Love- 
rule — Isabella  in  Conscious  Lovers—  Columbine's 
Maid  in  Columbine  Courtezan—  *Hortensia  in  Junius 
Brutus — *Cleora  in  Christian  Hero— *English  Lady 
in  Plot — Julia  in  Fatal  Marriage — Lady  Fidget  in 
Country  Wife— *Flora  in  Cure  for  a  Scold— Patch 
— *Dorothea  in  Man  of  Taste — Florinda  in  Rover— 


176  D.  L.  1767-1768. 

*Lady  Loverule  in  Merry  Cobler — Lady  Wou'dbe  in 
Volpone — *Eugenia  in  Trick  for  Trick — Lucy  in 
London  Merchant. 

Hay.  in  Summer  of  1735.  Beatrice  in  Anatomist— 
*Cornbrushin  Honest  Yorkshireman — Lady  Townly. 

D.  L.  1735-1736.  *Selimain  Zara— *Mrs.  Free- 
love  in  Connoisseur. 

1736-1737.  Aurelia  in  Wife's  Relief  — *  Peggy 
in  Miller  of  Mansfield  —  *  Delia  in  Universal 
Passion  —  Damaris  in  Amorous  Widow. 

1737.1738.  Mrs.  Flareit  in  Love's  last  Shift- 
Lucy  Lockit — Lady  Haughty  in  Silent  Woman — 
Dol  Common — Mrs.  Termagant  in  Squire  of  Alsatia 
— Pert  in  Man  of  the  Mode — Mrs.  Foresight — Be- 
rinthia  in  Relapse — Araminta  in  Old  Batchelor — 
Ruth  in  Committee — Lady  Anne— Angelina  in  Love 
makes  a  Man. 

1738-1739.  Belinda  in  O.  B.— Fainlove  in  Tender 
Husband — Juletta  in  Pilgrim — Clarinda  in  Double 
Gallant — Duchess  of  York  in  Richard  the  3d — Mrs. 
Conquest  in  Lady's  last  Stake. 

1739-1740.  Angelica  in  Love  for  Love— Corinna 
in  Match  in  Newgate — Araminta  in  Confederacy — 
Lady  Macduff — Anne  Bullen — Leonora  in  Libertine 
— Melissa  in  ShadwelFs  Timon  of  Athens — Indiana 
—  *Lady  Smart  in  Polite  Conversation — Damaris  in 
Amorous  Widow — Hypolita. 

1740-1741.  Mrs.  Sullen — Desdemona — Monimia 
— Bertha  in  Royal  Merchant  —  Cordelia  in  Fond 
Husband — Rosalind —Viola  in  Twelfth  Night — Ne- 
rissa  in  Merchant  of  Venice. 

C.  G.  1741-1742.  Lady  No  (Arabella)  in  Lon- 
don Cuckolds— Phillis  in  Conscious  Lovers — Country 


D.  L.   1767-1768.  177 

Wife— Sylvia  in  R.  O.— Lady  Sadlife— Paulina  in 
Winter's  Tale — Mrs.  Marwood- -Chariot  Weldon  in 
Oroorioko— Mrs.  Clerimont  in  Tender  Husband — 
Nottingham  in  Essex — Queen  in  Hamlet— Elvira  in 
Spanish  Fryar  -  -  Lady  Touchwood  —  Mrs.  Frail — 
Amanda  in  Love's  last  Shift — Doris  in  .ZEsop. 

D.  L.  1742-1743.     Amanda  in  Relapse— Marga- 
rita in  Rule  a  Wife — Elvira  in  Love  makes  a  Man — 
*Claririda  in  Wedding  Day — Jane  Shore — Belvidera 
-Kitty  Pry  in  Lying  Valet. 

C.  G.  1743-1744.  Not  engaged  till  Jan.— Isabella 
in  M.  for  M. — Queen  Katharine — Eudocia  in  Siege 
of  Damascus — Calista — Andromache — Lady  in  Co- 
mus— Abra-Mule  in  ditto— Almeyda  in  Don  Sebas- 
tian— Lady  Macbeth. 

1744-1745.  Queen  in  Richard  3d — Portia  in  Ju- 
lius Caesar — Arpasia — Lsetitia  in  Old  Batchelor — 
Leonora  in  Revenge— Evadne  in  Maid's  Tragedy — 
Rutland — Lady  Easy — *Constarice  in  Papal  Tyranny 
— -Mariamne  in  ditto— Silent  Woman— Evandra  in 
Shadwell's  Timon  of  Athens. 

1745-1746.  Lady  Brute — Maria  in  Nonjuror — 
Antrampnt  in  Massacre  of  Paris  -  Lady  Chariot  in 
Funeral— Flippanta  in  Confederacy— Aurelia  in  Twin 
Rivals — Leonora  in  Sir  Courtly  Nice — Mrs.  Ford — 
Mrs.  Loveit  in  Man  of  the  Mode— Portia  in  Mer- 
chant of  Venice— Beatrice  in  Much  ado— Helena  in 
All's  well— Imogen — Sakia  in  Liberty  Asserted — 
Anne  Lovely. 

1746-1747.  Marcia  in  Cato— *Tag  in  Miss  in  her 
Teens — *Clarinda  in  S.  H. — Hermione  in  D.  M. 

D.  L.  1747-1748.  Lady  Lurewell— she  was  ad- 
vertised to  act  George  Barn  well  for  her  husband's 

VOL.    V.  'N 


178  D.  L.  1767-1768. 

bt.,  but  the  play  was  changed — Eroclea  in  Lover's 
Melancholy. 

1748-174<9.  Clarissa  in  Confederacy — Louisa  in 
Love  makes  a  Man — ^Emilia  in  Othello — Lady  All- 
worth  in  New  way  to  pay  old  Debts — Lady  Brump- 
ton — Rosetta  in  Foundling — *  Irene  in  ditto — *Me- 
rope. 

1749-1750.  Milwood— Mrs.  Goodvile  in  Friend- 
ship in  Fashion—  *Horatia  in  Roman  Father — Isa- 
bella in  Fatal  Marriage — Lady  Betty  Modish — Cleo- 
patra in  All  for  Love. 

1750-1751.  Millamant  —  Zara  in  M.  B.— Lady 
Dainty — *  Aurora  in  Gil  Bias. 

1751-1752.  Phaedra  in  ditto — *Orphisa  in  Euge- 
nia— Florimel  in  Comical  Lovers. 

1752-1753.     *Mrs.  Beverley. 

1753-1754.  *Boadicea  in  ditto  —  "Catharine  in 
Catharine  and  Petruchio — *Creusa  in  ditto. 

1754-1755.  Lady  Truman  in  Drummer— Volum- 
nia — Leonora  in  Mistake — *  Dorcas  in  Schemers. 

1755-1756.  Queen  Elizabeth  in  Jones'  Essex — 
Hermione  in  Winter's  Tale — Countess  of  Rousillon 
— Lady  Gentle  in  Lady's  last  Stake — Estifania. 

1756-1757.  Lady  Capulet  -  -  Lady  Wealthy  in 
Gamester. 

1757-1758.     *Agesistrata  in  Agis. 

1758-1759.  In  Jrilsop— probably  Hortensia — Am- 
bitious Stepmother. 

1759-1760.  Lady  Outside  in  Woman's  a  Riddle— 
*Constantia  in  Desert  Island — probably  Mrs.  Love- 
more. 

1760-1761 .  Queen  Elizabeth  in  Brooke's  Essex— 
— *Mrs.  Oakly. 


D.  L.  1767-1768.  179 

1761.1762.  *Hecuba  in  ditto. 

1762.1763.  *  Queen  in  Elvira— *  Lady  Medway 
in  Discovery. 

1763-1764.     *Mrs.  Etherdown  in  Dupe— Roxana. 
1764-1765.     No  new  character. 
1765-1766.     In  Irish  Hospitality— *Dame  Ursula 
in  Falstaff 's  Wedding. 

1766-1767.     No  new  character. 

1767-1768.     *Mrs.  Mildmay  in  Widowed  Wife. 

*    Originally. 


Palmer  died  May  23,  aged  40 — Wilkes  in  17«59  says 
— "  Palmer's  agreeable  person  bespeaks  our  appro- 
"  bation  almost  at  first  sight :  his  merit  in  several 
"  parts  of  Comedy  confirms  it,  particularly  in  True- 
"  wit,  Colonel  Briton,"  &c. — the  Dramatic  Censor 
observes — "  he  was  much  respected  in  Capt.  Plume, 
"  and  indeed  for  the  drunken  scene  he  deserved  ex- 
"  tensive  applause,  but  had  in  all  the  rest  too  great 
"  a  trait  of  the  Coxcomb,  which  was  so  natural  to 
"  him  in  private  life,  he  could  hardly  ever  shake  it  off 
"  on  the  stage" — Churchill  says— 

"  Embox'd  the  Ladies  must  have  something  smart, 
"  Palmer  !  Oh  !  Palmer  tops  the  janty  part.*' 


Palmer's  characters — selection  only. 

D.  L.   1748-1749.     Townly  in  London  Cuckolds 
-Gratiano — Homer  in  Country  Wife — Cassio. 

N    2 


180  D.L.   1767-1768. 

1749-1750.  Sir  George  Airy— Edmund  in  Lear 
—  Ramilie  in  Miser —  Myrtle  —  Lord  Morelove — 
Worthy  in  Relapse. 

1750-1751.  Orlando  —  Heartfree  --  Scandal  — 
Pedro  in  Pilgrim— Capt.  Plume — Axalla — Mirabell 
in  Way  of  the  World — Younger  Worthy  in  Love's 
last  Shift— Aimwell — *Don  Felix  in  Gil  Bias — Young 
Mirabel — Frankly  in  S.  H. — Horatio  in  Hamlet — 
Richmond. 

17,51-1752.  Claudio  in  Much  ado— Blandford  in 
Oroonoko — Rhodophil  in  Comical  Lovers. 

1752-1753.  Truewit  in  Silent  Woman —Antonio 
in  Don  Sebastian — Dick  in  Confederacy — Heartly  in 
Nonjuror. 

1753-1754.  Bellmour  in  O.  B.— Young  Bellair 
in  Man  of  the  Mode — Frankly  in  Refusal. 

1754-1755.  Don  Frederick  in  Chances — Lorenzo 
in  Mistake — *Plotwell  in  Schemers — Banquo. 

1755-1756.  Face  in  Alchemist — Lord  Wronglove 
in  Lady's  last  Stake — Capt.  Brazen. 

1756.1757'  Young  Valere  in  Gamester — Care- 
less in  Double  Dealer— Col.  Briton — Osrick — Mer- 
cury in  Amphitryon — *Brush  in  Reprisal — Lorenzo 
in  Spanish  Fryar. 

1757-1758.  Bertram  in  All's  well— *Hazard  in 
Gamesters  altered — Prince  of  Wales  in  Henry  4th 
part  2d 

1758-1759.  Trappolin  —  Mercutio  —  Younger 
Wou'dbe  in  Twin  Rivals — Copper  Captain — Well- 
born in  New  way  to  pay  old  Debts. 

1759.1760.  *Duke's  Servant  in  High  Life— Court- 
well  in  Woman's  a  Riddle — *Sir  Brilliant  Fashion 
— Capt.  Clerimont  in  T.  H.— Prince  of  Wales  in 
Henry  4th  part  1st. 


D.  L.  1767-1768.  181 

1760-1761.  Careless  in  Committee  -* Charles  in 
Jealous  Wife. 

1761-1762.  *Modely  in  School  for  Lovers— Col. 
Feign  well  in  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife. 

1763-1764.     Reynard  in  Tunbridge  Walks. 

1764-1765.  Archer  --  Col.  Tamper  -  -  Young 
Clackit  in  Guardian. 

1765-1766.  Young  Belmont  in  Foundling— Free- 
man in  Plain  Dealer — *  Brush  in  C.  M. 

1766-1767.     *Harcourt  in  Country  Girl. 

1767-1768.     'Frank  in  Absent  Man. 


Originally. 


Mrs.  Palmer  left  the  stage  at  the  close  of  this 
season — she  was  rather  low,  but  her  figure  was  ex- 
tremely elegant,  and  her  deportment  particularly 
genteel — there  was  great  softness,  good  sense  and 
feeling  displayed  in  her  Juliet — she  was  never  equal 
to  great  undertakings,  but  she  made  such  parts  as 
Fanny  in  the  Clandestine  Marriage  pleasingly  re- 
spectable. (  Wilkes  and  Dram.  Censor.} 


Mrs.  Palmer's  characters — selection  only. 

D.  L.    1756-1757  as  Miss  Pritchard  —  Juliet  - 
Lady  Betty  Modish — Marcia  in  Cato— Monimia. 
1757-1758.     Miranda  in  Tempest — Beatrice  in 


182  D.  L.  1767-1768. 

Much  ado — Horatia  in  Roman  Father — Perdita  in 
Winter's  Tale. 

1758-1759.  *  Harriet  in  Guardian  —  Lady  in 
Comus — Sigism  unda. 

1759-1760.  Lady  Chariot  in  Funeral— Angelica 
in  Love  for  Love — Lady  Percy — Lady  Gentle  in 
Lady's  last  Stake. 

1760-1761.  'Harriet  in  Jealous  Wife  ~  Mrs. 
Sullen — (as  Mrs.  Palmer) — Zara  in  ditto— Almeria 
in  M.  B. 

1762-1763.  Imoinda  —  Helena  in  All's  well  — 
*Miss  Richly  in  Discovery. 

1763-1764.  Statira— Fidelia  in  Foundling-  Alicia 
in  Jane  Shore — Lady  Townly — Imogen. 

1764-1765.  Indiana — Lady  Restless  —  Cselia  in 
School  for  Lovers — Miranda  in  B.  B. 

1765-1766.  Palmira  in  Mahomet— *  Fanny  Ster- 
ling— Narcissa  in  Love's  last  Shift. 

1766-1767.  *Alithea  in  Country  Girl  —  Mrs. 
Strictland — *Lady  Elizabeth  Gray  in  Earl  of  War- 
wick— *  Amelia  in  English  Merchant — Lady  Anne 
in  Richard  3d. 

1767-1768.  Rutland—*  Sophia  in  Widowed  Wife 
— Mrs.  Lovemore. 


Originally. 


c.  «.  1767-1768.  183 


C.   G.    1767-1768. 

Beard  had  been  Manager  from  the  time  of  Rich's 
death  ;  as  the  latter  had  supported  the  theatre  by 
his  Pantomimes,  so  the  former  supported  it  by  his 
musical  pieces— he  had  had  4  very  prosperous  seasons, 
the  5th  began  to  abate — that  hint,  and  the  deafness 
with  which  he  was  troubled  to  a  mortifying  degree 
for  a  musical  performer,  occasioned  the  sale  of  the 
Patent— such  is  Victor's  account — Harris  says,  the 
Patent?,  &c.  were  sold  pursuant  to  Rich's  Will 
— John  Rich  died  possessed  of  both  the  Patents 
granted  by  Charles  the  2d — Charles  Killegrew  in  a 
petition  to  Queen  Anne  speaks  of  himself  as  in  pos- 
session of  his  father's  Patent — but  his  heirs  after- 
wards sold  it— Rich  at  one  time  certainly  purchased, 
of  a  Gentleman  called  Clarke,  the  whole  or  part  of 
Killegrew's  Patent,  for  the  trifling  consideration  of 
£100  and  a  hogshead  of  claret — this  is  said  on  the 
authority  of  the  late  Mrs.  Fletcher  of  Bath,  who 
was  Mr.  Clarke's  grandaughter. 

The  purchasers  of  the  Patents,  &c.  in  1767  were 
Messrs.  Harris,  Rutherford,  Colman,  and  Powell — 
it  was  agreed  that  the  conduct  of  the  stage  should  be 
vested  in  Colman  under  certain  restrictions— Col- 
man's  services  were  to  be  gratuitous — Garrick  told 
him,  that  he  would  find  his  trouble  as  acting  manager 
would  well  deserve  £500  a  year,  and  added,  that  he 
would  give  his  partners  £500  a  year,  if  they  would 

not  suffer  him  to  be  acting  manager—  (Cohnan) 

Powell  was  at  this  time  bound  in  an  article  to  the 


184  C.  G.  1767-1768. 

managers  of  D.  L.  for  3  years  under  a  penalty  of 
£1000,  which  the  law  would  unquestionably  have 
compelled  him  to  pay,  as  the  damages  sustained  by 
his  defection  were  apparent — (Victor) — Powell,  on 
the  first  application  to  him  from  Harris  and  Ruther- 
ford, communicated  the  matter  to  Lacy,  (Garrick 
being  at  Bath)  who  assured  him  of  his  best  wishes 
and  a  continuance  of  his  former  friendship. 

Sep.  14.  (and  15)  Not  acted  12  years,  Rehearsal. 
Bayes  =  Shuter  :  Johnson  =  Hull :  Smith  =  Clarke  : 
— with  Mock  Doctor.  Gregory  =  Dun  stall :  Dorcas 
=  Mrs.  Green:— an  occasional  Prologue  was  written 
by  Whitehead,  and  spoken  by  Powell — 

"  For  Brentford's  state   two  Kings  could   once 

"  suffice, 

"  In  our's  behold  !  four  Kings  of  Brentford  rise ; 
"  All  smelling  to  one  nosegay's  od'rous  savour, 
"  The  balmy  nosegay  of  the— public  favour." 

The  galleries  are  promised  Pantomimes  and  the 
Ladies  Operas. 

"  Yet  shall  the  nobler  bard  assert  his  right, 
"  Nor  Handel  rob  a  Skakspeare  of  his  right." 

16.  Venice  Preserved.   Jaffier  —  Powell :  Pierre  — 
Bensley:  Belvidera  —  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

17.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour.     Dame  Kitelyn: 
Mrs.  Bulkley,  late  Miss  Wilford. 

19.  Busy  Body. 

21.  Mourning  Bride.     Zara  =  Mrs.  Ward  :— with 
Love  a-la-Mode.     Sir  ArchymMacklin. 

22.  Henry 5th  =  Smith:  Fluellin  =  Shuter:  Cho- 
rus =  Powell : — with  Coronation. 


i 


c.  o.  1767-1768.  185 

23.  King  John  =  Powell :  Bastard  =  Smith  :  Con- 
stance =  Mrs.  Bellamy  : — with  Coronation— Bensley 
doubtless  acted  Hubert,  as  there  is  a  print  of  him, 
Powell  and  Smith,  in  Hubert,  King  John  and  the 
Bastard — the  print  was  published  in  1771  from  a 
painting  by  Mortimer— as  the  likeness  of  Smith  and 
Bensley  is  good,  it  is  probable  that  that  of  Powell 
may  be  so  likewise. 

25.  Romeo  and  Juliet.     Romeo  =  Powell :  Mer- 
cutio  =  Woodward  :  Juliet  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

26.  Confederacy.     Brass  —  Woodward  :  Dick  = 
Smith  :  Money  trap  =  Shuter. 

No  plays  from  Sept.  28  to  Oct.  5. 

Oct.  5.  English  Merchant.  Freeport  =  Shuter: 
Spatter = Woodward  :  Sir  William  Douglas  =  Powell : 
Lady  Alton  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  : — rest  omitted.]) 

6.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Shylock^  Macklin  :  An- 
thonio  =  Clarke  :  Gratiano  =  Dyer  : — with  Love  a  la- 
Mode. 

16.  Jane  Shore.  Hastings  — Powell :  Jane  Shore 
=  Mrs.  Yates,  her  1st  appearance  there:  Alicia  = 
Mrs.  Bellamy. 

19.  Orphan.  Castalio  =  Powell :  Chamont  = 
Smith  :  MonimiamMrs.  Bellamy. 

22.  (and  24)  Fair  Penitent.  Sciolto  =  Powell : 
Lothario  =  Smith  :  Calista  =  Mrs  Yates. 

26.  London  Merchant.  George  Barn  well  =  Pow- 
ell :  M  il wood  =  Mrs.  Ward. 

29.  Distressed  Mother.     Orestes  =  Powell  :  Pyrr- 
hus  is  omitted  :  Hermione   =    Mrs.  Yates  :  Andro- 
mache =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

30.  Com  us  =  Smith  :  Lady  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

31.  Jealous  Wife.      Oakly   =   Powell,    1st  time  : 


186  c.  G.    1767-1768. 

Major  Oakly  —  Yates,  his  1st  appearance  there  :  Sir 
Harry  Beagle  =  Woodward  :  Mrs.  Oakly  =  Mrs. 
Ward. 

Nov.  1-2-3.  No  bills. 

4.  Tamerlane,  with  Lycidas  —  Victor   says    this 
Elegy  was  set  to  music  as  a  condolence  on  the  death 
of  the  Duke  of  York — he  adds  that  it  was  performed 
the  night  after  his  funeral,  and  that  night  only. 

5.  Tamerlane.     Bajazet  =  Powell,  2d  time  :  Ta- 
merlane =  Smith,  2d  time  :  Moneses  =  Bensley :  Der- 
vise  =  Hull :  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  La-Roche,  her  2d  ap- 
pearance on  any  stage  :  Selima  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — 
with  Midas,     r.  b. 

7.  Richard  3d  =  Smith:  Queen  =  Mrs.  Ward  : — 
with,  never  acted,  Oxonion  in  Town.  Careless  = 
Woodward  :  K  no  well  =  Bensley  :  Rook  =  Du- Bel- 
lamy :  Shark  =.  Mahon  :  Mac  Shuffle  =  Barrington  : 
Postboy  =  Quick  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  — acted 
several  times — Careless  and  Knowell  are  two  Oxo- 
nians who  are  in  the  habit  of  coming  up  to  Town — 
they  had  become  acquainted  with  Rook,  Shark  and 
Mac  Shuffle— Knowell  tells  Careless  that  he  suspects 
them  to  be  arrant  Sharpers — Careless  contends  that 
they  are  hearty  honest  fellows — Knowell  pretends  to 
join  the  confederacy  against  Careless— one  part  of 
their  plan  is  to  get  Careless  married  to  Lucy,  whom 
they  had  passed  on  him  as  a  virtuous  lady  with  a 
large  fortune,  but  who  is  really  a  woman  of  the  town 
— she  was  in  return  to  give  them  a  bond  for  £10,000 
— Knowell  causes  Lucy  to  be  arrested — he  prevails  on 
her  to  join  him  in  exposing  the  sharpers — Careless  is 
saved  from  ruin — Lucy  promises  to  reform — this  is  a 
moderate  C.  in  2  acts  by  Colman — Macklin  was  dis- 


c.  c.   17C7-1768.  187 

pleased  with  Colman  for  wanting  his  daughter  to  play 
Lucy— his  objection  was  absurd,  as  Lucy  does  not 
speak  an  exceptionable  syllable — and  Miss  Macklin, 
from  the  line  of  characters  which  she  had  acted, 
must  have  spoken  on  the  stage  many  speeches  not 
remarkably  decent — Macklin  in  his  letters  to  Colman 
is  very  abusive  on  some  actress,  whom  he  calls  Po- 
well's Sultana,  a  Prostitute,  &c.  (Kirkman.} 

9.  George  Barn  well.     George  Barn  well  =  Powell, 
2d  time  :  Uncle  —  Hull :  Blunt  =  Mozeen  :  Milwood 
=  Mrs.  Ward  :  Maria  =  Miss  Ward  :  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Green,     r.  b. 

10.  Provoked  Husband.     Lord  To wnly  =  Powell : 
Sir  Francis  =  Yates  :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Yates. 

18.  Roman  Father.  Horati us  =  Powell :  Publius 
=  Smith:  Tullus  H ostilius  =  Clarke  :  Horatia  =  Mrs. 
Yates  : — with  Dragon  of  Wantley.  Gaffer  Gubbins 
=  Shuter  :  Margery  =  Mrs.  Pinto. 

23.  Never  acted  there,  Philaster.  Philaster  = 
Powell:  King  =  Clarke  :  Bellario=:  Mrs.  Yates. 

27.  Wonder.     Don  Felix  =  Powell :  Lissardo  = 
Woodward,    1st  time   for  9   years :  Col.  Briton  = 
Smith  :  Gibby  =  Shuter  :  Violante  =  Miss  Macklin  : 
— rest  omitted. 

28.  Jane  Shore.     Shore   =   Bensley :  Gloster  = 
Clarke  : — with,  never  acted  there,  Irish  Fine  Lady — 
Macklin  brought  out  his  "  True  born  Irishman"  un- 
der a  new  title.     Murrough  O'Dogherty  =  Macklin  : 
Count  Mushroom  —Woodward  :  Hamilton  =  Dyer  : 
Fitzmongrel^Dunstall:  Maj or = Morris:  Mrs.O'Dog- 
herty  =  Miss  Macklin :  Catty  Fan-ell  =  Mrs.  Pitt : 
Lady  Kinnegad  =  Mrs.  Green  : — O'Dogherty  had 
married  a  young  lady  for  love,  and  had  indulged  her 


188  c.  G.   1767-1768. 

in  a  continual  round  of  fashionable  amusements — 
Count  Mushroom  is  a  favourite  with  the  ladies,  and 
particularly  with  Mr*.  O'Dogherty — he  bribes  her 
maid,  Catty  Farrell,  to  give  his  love  letters  to  her 
miist'  ess  -  she  gives  them  to  her  master,  who  carries 
on  a  correspondence  with  Mushroom  in  his  wife's 
name — Hamilton,  Mrs.  Dogherty's  brother,  informs 
her  of  the  Count's  scheme  against  her — she  is  sur- 
prised, and  terrified — she  renounces  her  former 
errors,  and  enters  into  a  plan  for  exposing  the  Count 
— the  Count  comes  to  O'Dogherty's  dressed  as  a 
woman — he  is  thrust  into  a  portmanteau,  and  carried 
to  a  crowded  rout  in  that  situation — this  Farce  had 
been  acted  with  success  in  Dublin,  but  the  humour 
being  in  a  considerable  degree  local,  it  did  not  please 
at  C.  G. — Macklin  advanced  and  promised  the  audi- 
ence it  should  not  be  repeated.  (Kirkman.} 

Dec.  5.  Othello  =  Powell :  lago  =  Macklin,  1st 
time  for  10  years  :  Desdemona=Mrs.  Yates. 

8.  Mahomet.  Alcanor  —  Powell :  Zaphna  = 
Smith :  Mahomet  is  omitted :  Palmira  =  Mrs. 
Yates  : — with  Musical  Lady.  Old  Mask  =  Yates. 

14.  Never  acted,  Royal  Merchant — Comic  Opera 
attributed  to  Hull.  Harrol  =  Mattocks  :  Clause  = 
Bensley  :  Wolfort  =  Gardner  :  Hubert  =  Mahon  : 
Hempskirke  =  Davis  :  Vandunk  =  Shuter  :  Prig  and 
Frighted  Boor  =  Yates:  Higgen  =  Dunstall :  Ferret  = 
Quick:  Gertrude  —  Mrs.  Mattocks:  Jaquelin  =  Mrs. 
Pinto  : — to  turn  so  good  a  play  as  the  Beggar's  Bush 
into  an  Opera  was  abominable —for  what  can  be 
more  unnatural  and  absurd  than  for  Hubert  in  the 
midst  of  his  animated  expostulation  with  Wolfort  in 
the  1st  act,  to  sing  2  songs  ? no  great  changes  are 


c.  G.   1767-1768.  189 

made— some  scenes  are  omitted  and  several  shortened 
— the  additions  are  poor— a  little  is  borrowed  from 
the  alteration  of  1705,  but  not  Prigg's  parody — in 
the  Beggar's  Bush,  when  they  are  about  to  elect 
their  king,  it  is  agreed  that  the  first  comer  should 
be  judge,  arid  Clause  particularly  desires  Goswin  to 
come  early ;  here  Hubert  and  Hempskirke  are  made 
to  enter  before  Goswin  ;  an  alteration  certainly  for 
the  worse — the  name  of  Goswin  is  without  the  sha- 
dow of  a  reason  changed  to  Harrol,  and  the  original 
conclusion  is  improperly  omitted — acted  7  times — 
see  D.  L.  June  12  1705,  and  Dec.  14  1815. 

26.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife. 

28.  (and  31)  Cymbeline.  Posthumus  =  Powell : 
Jachimo  =  Smith :  Belarius  =  Clarke  :  Cloten  = 
Yates  :  Imogen  =  Mrs.  Yates. 

Jan.  1.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Portia  (first  time) 
=  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

6.  Confederacy.     Clarissa  =  Mrs.  Lessingham  : — 
with,  not  acted  10  years,  Orpheus  and  Eurydice. 

7.  Recruiting   Officer.      Sylvia  =  Mrs.    Bulkley, 
1st  time. 

9  and  11.  Clandestine  Marriage.  Lord  Ogleby  = 
Woodward  :  Sterling  =  Yates  :  Lovewell  =.  Powell : 
Mrs.  Heidelberg  =  Mrs.  Green: — rest  omitted. 

20.  Macbeth  =  Powell,  1st  time:  Lady  Macbeth 
=  Mrs.  Yates,  1st  time  :  1st  WitchmShuter. 

29-  Never  acted,  Good  Natur'd  Man.  Croaker  = 
Shuter  :  Honey  wood  =  Powell :  Lofty  =  Woodward  : 
Leontine  (son  to  Croaker)  =  Bensley  :  Sir  William 
Honeywood  =  Clarke  :  Jarvis  (servant  to  Honey- 
wood)  =  Dunstall  :  Bailiff  =R.  Smith:  Postboy  = 
Quick :  Miss  Richland  =  Mrs.  Bulkley :  Olivia  = 


190  c.  G.  1767-1768. 

Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Mrs.  Croaker  =  Mrs.  Pitt :    Garnet 
(woman  to  Olivia)  =  Mrs.  Green  : — Honeywood   is 
good-natured  to  excess — his  generosity  to  unworthy 
persons  reduces  him  to  pecuniary  distress,  and  his 
wish  to  please  every  body  makes  him  ridiculous — 
Sir  William  Honeywood,  on  his  return  from  Italy, 
keeps  himself  a  concealed  spectator  of  his  nephew's 
actions — he  buys  up  a  debt  of  Honeywood's,  and 
arrests  him  for  it — Miss  Richland  rescues  him  from 
the   arrest,   but  enjoins  her   agent  to  observe  the 
strictest  silence — Lofty  intimates  to  Honeywood  that 
he  had  paid  the  debt,  and  desires  him  in  return   to 
promote  his  suit  to  Miss  Richland  —  Honeywood  is 
in  love  with  her  himself,  but  had  never  owned  more 
than  a  great  friendship  for  her — Croaker  had  sent  his 
son  to  France  to  bring  home  his  sister — he  had  fallen 
in  love  with  Olivia,  and  had  passed  her  on  his  father 
for  his  sister — this  part   of  the  plot   has   a  strong 
resemblance  to  a  part  of  the  Counterfeit  Bridegroom 
— see   D.   G.    1677 — Leontine   and  Olivia,  having 
reason  to  believe  that  the  truth  would  be  discovered, 
determine  to  set  off  for  Scotland — they  are  to  travel 
separately — Jarvis  is  to  attend  her — she  wants  money 
— and,  being  in  an  agitation  of  spirits,  makes  Garnet 
write  to  Leontine,  instead  of  writing  to  him  herself 
— the  letter  falls  into  Croaker's  hands — he  believes 
it  to  be  an  incendiary  letter  to  extort  20   Guineas 
from  him — this  occasions  a  ludicrous  scene  at  the  Inn 
— at  the  conclusion,  Honeywood  becomes  sensible  of 
his  folly — his  uncle  is  reconciled  to  him — Miss  Rich- 
land  gives  him  her  hand — Croaker  finds   that  Olivia 
is  a  lady  of  family  and  fortune,  and  consents  to  her 
union  with  his  son— this  C.    was  written  by  Gold- 


c.  G.   1767-1768.  191 

smith— the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  justly  observes  that 
there  is  hardly  any  character  on  the  stage,  more  hap- 
pily  imagined  or  more  highly  finished  than  Croaker. 

Goldsmith  says  in  his  preface,  "  when  I  undertook 
"  to  write  a  Comedy,  I  confess  I  was  strongly  pre- 
"  possessed  in  favour  of  the  Poets  of  the  last  age, 
"  arid  strove  to  imitate  them  —  the  term  genteel 
"  comedy  was  then  unknown  among  us,  and  little 
"  more  was  desired  by  an  audience  than  nature  and 
"  humour,  in  whatever  walks  of  life  they  were  most 

"  conspicuous" but   in    1768  the  audience  was 

become  so  sentimental  that  the  excellent  scene  of 
the  bailiffs  was  disliked  on  the  first  night,  and 
afterwards  retrenched — it  has  since  been  acted  with 
the  success  it  deserved — see  C.  G.  May  3  1773. 

It  is  to  be  lamented  that  Goldsmith  did  not  begin 
at  an  earlier  period  to  turn  his  talents  to  dramatic  com- 
positions ;  and  much  more  to  be  lamented,  that  after 
he  had  begun,  his  life  was  so  soon  cut  off — there  is 
something  in  his  prose  that  to  the  ear  is  uncommonly 
sweet  and  harmonious  ;  it  is  clear,  simple,  and  easy 
to  be  understood  ;  we  never  want  to  read  his  period 
twice  over,  except  for  the  pleasure  it  bestows ; 
obscurity  never  calls  us  back  to  a  repetition  of  it 

distress  drove  him  upon  undertakings,  neither 

congenial  with  his  studies,  nor  worthy  of  his  talents. 
(Cumberland.) 

Feb.  20.  King  Lear,  as  altered  by  Colman.  King 
Lear  =  Powell :  Edgar  —  Smith  :  Edmund  =  Bensley  : 
Kent  =  Clarke:  Gloster  =  Gibson  :  Albany  =  Hull: 
Burgundy  —  Lewis  :  Oswald  =  Gushing  :  Cordelia  = 
Mrs.  Yates  :  Gonerill  (Goneril)  =  Mrs.  Stephens  : 
Regan  =  Mrs.  Du-Bellamy  : — Colman  has  prefixed  to 


192  c.  G.   1767-1768. 

his  play  the  following  advertisement — "  The  Tragedy 
"  of  Lear  is  deservedly  celebrated  among  the  Dramas 
"  of  Shakspeare — there  is  perhaps  no  play  which 
"  keeps  the  attention  so  strongly  fixed  ;  which  so 
"  much  agitates  our  passions,  and  interests  our 
"  curiosity — the  artful  involutions  of  distinct  interests, 
"  the  striking  opposition  of  contrary  characters,  the 
"  sudden  changes  of  fortune,  and  the  quick  succes- 
"  sion  of  events,  fill  the  mind  with  a  perpetual 
"  tumult  of  indignation,  pity  and  hope — there  is  no 
"  scene  which  does  not  contribute  to  the  aggravation 
"  of  the  distress  or  conduct  of  the  action  ;  and 
"  scarce  a  line  which  does  not  conduce  to  the  pro- 
"  gress  of  the  scene — so  powerful  is  the  current  of 
"  the  poet's  imagination,  that  the  mind  which  once 
"  ventures  within  it,  is  hurried  irresistibly  along" — 
Such  is  the  decision  of  Dr.  Johnson  on  the  Lear  of 
Shakspeare — Yet  Tate,  with  all  this  treasure  before 
him,  considered  it  as  "  a  heap  of  jewels  unstrung 
"  and  unpolished  " — and  resolved  "  out  of  zeal  for 
"  all  the  remains  of  Shakspeare  "  to  new  model  the 
story — having  formed  this  resolution,  "  it  was  my 
"  good  fortune  (says  he)  to  light  on  one  expedient  to 
"  rectify  what  was  wanting  in  the  regularity  arid 
"  probability  of  the  tale  ;  which  was  to  run  through 
"  the  whole,  a  love  betwixt  Edgar  and  Cordelia,  that 
"  never  changed  word  with  each  other  in  the  Ori- 
"  ginal,"  &c.—  now  this  very  expedient  of  a  love  be- 
twixt Edgar  and  Cordelia,  on  which  Tate  felicitates 
himself,  seemed  to  me  to  be  one  of  the  capital  ob- 
jections to  his  alteration  -the  distress  of  the  story 
is  so  far  from  being  heightened  by  it  (as  he  asserts) 
that  it  has  diffused  a  languor  over  all  the  scenes  of 


c.  G.   1767-1768.  103 

the  play  from  which  Lear  is  absent— arid  the  em- 
braces of  Cordelia  and  the  ragged  Edgar  would  have 
appeared  too  ridiculous  for  representation,  had  they 
not  been  mixed  and  incorporated  with  some  of  the 
finest  scenes  of  Shakspeare.  *  *  *  To  reconcile 
the  Catastrophe  of  Tate  to  the  original  story  was  the 
first  grand  object  which  I  proposed  to  myself  in  this 
alteration  ;  thinking  it  one  of  the  principal  duties  of 
my  situation,  to  render  every  Drama  submitted  to 
the  public,  as  consistent  and  rational  an  entertain- 
ment as  possible — in  this  kind  of  employment,  one 
person  cannot  do  a  great  deal ;  yet  if  every  Director 
of  the  Theatre  will  endeavour  to  do  a  little,  the  Stage 
will  every  day  be  improved,  and  become  more  worthy 
attention  and  encouragement — Romeo,  Cymbeline, 
Every  Man  in  his  Humour,  have  long  been  refined 
from  the  dross  that  hindered  them  from  being  current 
with  the  Public  ;  and  I  have  now  endeavoured  to 
purge  the  Tragedy  of  Lear  of  the  alloy  of  Tate, 

which  has  so  long  been  suffered  to  debase  it the 

utter  improbability  of  Gloster's  imagining,  tho*  blind, 
that  he  had  leaped  down  Dover  Cliff,  has  been  justly 
censured  by  Dr.  Warton  ;  and  in  the  representation, 
it  is  still  more  liable  to  objection  than  in  print ;  I 
have  therefore  without  scruple  omitted  it  —  I  had 
once  some  idea  of  retaining  the  Fool,  but  after  the 
most  serious  consideration  I  was  convinced  that 
such  a  character  in  a  Tragedy  would  not  be  endured 
on  the  modern  stage. 

G.  Colman. 

It  was  once  in  the  contemplation  of  Garrick  also 
to  restore  the  part  of  the  Fool,  which  he  designed 

VOL.  V.  O 


194  c.  G.  1767-1768. 

for  Woodward,  who  promised  to  be  very  chaste  in 
his  colouring,  and  not  to  counteract  the  agonies  of 
Lear — but  on  more  mature  deliberation  Garrick 
would  not  hazard  so  bold  an  attempt.  (Davies.) 

The  comparative  merit  of  Tate's  and  Column's 
alterations  will  best  appear  by  a  short  examination  of 
every  scene. 

Act  1st, 

Tate  opens  with  Edmund's  Soliloquy — this  is  not 
bad — but  why  make  unnecessary  changes  ? — the  fol- 
lowing short  scene  with  Kent  and  Gloster,  Tate  alters 
much  for  the  worse — next  enter  Edgar  and  Cordelia 
— this  is  by  far  the  best  of  the  love-scenes,  as  being 
the  shortest — when  Lear  enters,  Tate  makes  many 
little  alterations  much  for  the  worse — in  particular 
Lear  tells  Cordelia 


"  Now,  minion,  I  perceive 


"  The  truth  of  what  has  been  suggested  to  us  ; 
"  Thy  fondness  for  the  rebel  son  of  Gloster." 

The  ensuing  scene  between  Goneril  and  Regan 
Tate  omits — Colman  retains  it,  as  it  tends  to  eluci- 
date what  follows  —  but  Edgar  and  Cordelia  are 
Tate's  peculiar  care,  and  after  the  King's  departure 
we  have  another  love-scene — when  Cordelia  goes  out, 
Edmund  enters  and  recommends  his  brother  to  seek 
his  safety  in  flight,  as  their  father  is  mortally  offended 
at  him — Edgar  however,  is  so  wrapped  up  in  the 
thoughts  of  Cordelia,  that  he  hardly  hears  what  the 
other  says  to  him — the  scene  between  Edmund  and 
Gloster  Tate  has  mangled  shamefully — in  the  grand 


C.G.    1767-1768.  195 

scene  when  Lear  returns,  Tatehas  judiciously  trans- 
posed the  Curse  to  the  end — in  which  he  is  followed 
by  Col  man. 

In  the  original  play  Gloster  says  "the  King  is 
"  confined  to  exhibition  " — Dr.  Johnson  tells  us  this 
means  allowance— and  in  this  sense  it  is  still  used 
in  the  Universities — but  the  proper  signification  of 
it  is  to  be  met  with,  in  a  note,  page  83  of  the  Am- 
sterdam Edition  of  Cyprian — it  is  a  law  term  and 
means  the  necessaries  of  life — "  exhibere  sonat  vibe 
"  necessaria  suppeditare  " exhibition  was  not  be- 
come obsolete  in  1678 — it  is  twice  used  in  the  Man 
of  Newmarket. 

Act  2nd. 

In  the  short  scene  between  Edgar  and  Edmund, 
both  Tate  and  Colman  alter  a  line  or  two  for  the 
worse ;  and  when  Gloster  comes  on,  Tate  curtails  and 
alters  without  reason — Tate  mutilates  the  scenes  be- 
tween Kent  and  Oswald  the  Steward,  whom  he  po- 
litely changes  into  a  Gentleman  Usher — when  Regan 
enters  she  says  of  Edmund 

"  A   charming  youth  and  worth  my  farther 
"  thought ! " 

— next  comes  Edgar's  Soliloquy  —  in  which  Tate 
inserts — 


"  How  easy  now 


"  'Twere  to  defeat  the  malice  of  my  trail, 

"  And  leave  my  griefs  on  my  sword's  reeking 

"  point ; 

"  But  Love  detains  me  from  Death's  peaceful  cell, 
"  Still  whispering  me  Cordelia's  in  distress  : 
o  2 


196  c.  G.  1767-1768. 


"  Who  knows  but  the  white  minute  yet  may  come 
"  When  Edgar  may  do  service  to  Cordelia." 

This  is  vastly  more  heroick  in  Edgar  than  merely 
preserving  his  life  in  compliance  with  the  first  law  of 
nature  -  in  the  next  scene  Kent  tells  Lear  that 
Regan  is  within  at  a  Masque  —  I  feel  myself  infinitely 
indebted  to  Tate  for  this  piece  of  information,  as, 
till  I  read  his  play,  I  used  to  think  that  no  Dramatic 
exhibitions  or  masques  were  known  in  England,  till 
many  hundred  years  after  the  time  in  which  Lear  is 
supposed  to  have  lived  -  Davies  is  mistaken  in  say- 
ing that  Tate  omits  "  Age  is  unnecessary,"  &c.  — 
he  only  mutilates  and  alters  —  Tate  properly  retains  — 

--  "  Strike  her  young  bones 
"  You  taking  airs  with  lameness  !  " 

as  also  Lear's  proposition  to  return  to  Goneril  with 
50  Knights  —  both  of  which  Colman  omits  —  Tate 
inserts  in  the  fine  concluding  scene  some  of  his  own 
lines  —  particularly  — 

"Blood!  fire!  here  —  Leprosies  and  bluest  Plagues! 
"  Room,  room  for  Hell  to  belch  her  horrors  up, 
"  And  drench  the  Circes  in  a  stream  of  fire  ; 
"  Hark,  how  th'  Infernals  eccho  to  my  rage 
"  Their  whips  and  snakes  !  " 

Act  3rd. 

When  Lear  enters  both  Tate  and  Colman  make 
some  unnecessary  changes,  especially  Tate  —  who  in 
the  following  scenes  favours  us  with  a  great  deal  of 


C.G.  1767-1768.  197 

his  own  poetry — first  Edmund  has  a  soliloquy — then 
2  servants  enter  and  deliver  2  love  letters  to  him 
from  Goneril  and  Regan — the  short  scene  between 
Edmund  and  Gloster,  Tate  has  altered  shamefully 
for  the  worse  —  when  Gloster  is  going  off,  Tate 
makes  Cordelia  enter — she  solicits  his  assistance  for 
Lear — which  he  promises — then  she  determines  to 
put  herself  into  a  disguise,  and  with  her  confidante 
go  in  search  of  the  King  herself — Edmund,  over- 
hearing this,  resolves  to  take  advantage  of  her  un- 
protected situation — thus  Tate,  not  content  with 
bringing  forward  Edmund's  intrigue  with  Regan, 
which  Shakspeare  keeps  in  the  back  ground,  here 
makes  him  plan  a  scheme  for  ravishing  Cordelia — 
he  was  determined  to  prove  him  "  rough  and  lecher- 
"  ous  "  —this  scheme  however  Edmund  seems  totally 
to  forget  afterwards — it  does  not  even  occur  to  him, 
when  Cordelia  is  a  prisoner  and  in  his  power — but 
perhaps  (as  Wycherley  says  on  a  similar  occasion) 
he  had  no  more  China  at  that  time. 

Tate  properly  consolidates  the  two  scenes  between 
Lear  and  Edgar,  and  transposes  judiciously  enough 
— but  puts  in  some  weak  lines  of  his  own — both 
Tate  and  Colman  change  Saint  Withold  to  Swithin  ; 
such  alterations,  tho*  of  no  importance,  are  wrong, 
as  being  unnecessary — Tate  makes  Edgar  distressed 
at  seeing  the  situation  of  the  King,  which  is  very 
generous  in  him,  as  Lear  had  in  open  Court  pro- 
claimed him  a  rebel  to  his  father — then  comes  Tate's 
grand  scene  in  which  Cordelia  is  attacked  by  two 
Ruffians  in  the  pay  of  Edmund,  and  rescued  by 
Edgar— by  the  bye  it  seems  a  little  ungallant  in 
Edgar  to  leave  Cordelia  afterwards — more  particu- 


198  c.G.   1767-1768. 

larly  as  his  sole  motive  for  preserving  his  own  life 
was  for  the  sake  of  being  of  service  to  her. 

"  And  Angels  visit  .my  Cordelia's  dreams." 

— this  is  improper  as  the  characters  are  Heathens — 
the  impropriety  however  is  such  as  Shakspeare  is 
frequently  guilty  of — and  once  in  this  play— 

"  What  did  my  father's  Godson  seek  your  life  ?" 

— this  Tate  omits — Colman  retains  it — when  the 
scene  changes  to  Gloster's  Castle,  Shakspeare  sends 
Edmund  off  the  stage  in  attendance  on  Goneril  and 
with  a  message  to  Albany — Tate  on  the  contrary 
makes  Regan  say  to  him  aside — 

The  Grotto,  Sir,  within  the  lower  grove 

Has  privacy  to  suit  a  mourner's  thought. 
Edmund — And  there  I  may  expect  a  comforter, 

Ha,  Madam  ? 
Regan — What  may  happen,  Sir,  I  know  not, 

But  'twas  a  friend's  advice. 

When  Gloster's  eyes  are  put  out,  Regan  says 

—  Read,  and  save  the  Cambrian  Prince  a  labour  ; 
If  thy  eyes  fail  thee,  call  for  Spectacles. 

Gloster  concludes  the   act  with  a  long   Soliloquy 
by  Tate. 

Act  4>th. 
Tate  opens  with  a  Grotto,  in  which  Edmund  and 


C,G.  1767-1768. 

Regan  are  said  to  be  "  amorously  seated,  listening 
" to  Music" — he  drops  Goneril's  note,  which  Regan 
finds — in  the  next  scene  when  Gloster  enters  led  by 
an  old  man,  Tate  alters  and  adds  without  reason — 
then  enter  Kent  arid  Cordelia— in  this  scene  some 
few  lines  only  are  Shakspeare's,  and  they  are  taken 
from  another  place— the  rest  of  the  scene  is  contemp- 
tible to  the  last  degree — the  scene  in  Albany's  Palace 
Tate  mutilates  shamefully— the  scene  between  Kent 
and  a  Gentleman,  Tate  omits  and  Colman  retains — 
the  scene  between  Cordelia  and  the  Physician,  Tate 
omits— Colman  retains  it  with  the  addition  of  some 
unimportant  lines  by  Tate  from  act  3rd — Edgar  and 
Gloster  enter — and  then  Lear  mad— this  scene  in 
both  alterations  differs  but  little  from  the  original — 
Tate  and  Colman  both  omit  the  most  essential  part 
of  Oswald's  dying  speech — absurdly — as  if  he  had 
said  nothing  about  the  letters,  it  would  hardly  have 
occurred  to  Edgar  to  search  his  pockets — the  scene 
between  Cordelia,  the  Physician,  and  Lear,  Tate 
adulterates  with  several  lines  of  his  own  which  Col- 
man retains — Tate  ends  the  act  as  in  Shakspeare — 
Colman  opens  the  5th  act  with  this  scene. 

Act  5th. 

This  act  is  materially  altered  from  the  Original — 
Tate  makes  Goneril  tell  us  of  her  design  to  poison 
Regan — he  alters  Edmund's  Soliloquy  and  adds  to  it 
— he  also  furnishes  Gloster  with  a  Soliloquy  of  16 
lines  ;  part  of  which  Colman  retains — when  Lear 
and  Cordelia  are  brought  in  prisoners,  Tate  trans- 
poses what  they  should  say  to  another  place — Edgar 
enters  disguised  arid  challenges  Edmund — in  this 


200  c.  G.   1767-1768. 

particular  and  in  the  following  scene  between  Lear, 
Kent  and  Cordelia,  Colman  copies  Tate — Albany, 
&c.  enter— then  Edgar  comes  on  armed  and  fights 
with  Edmund — here  Tate  makes  considerable  addi- 
tions— when  Edmund  is  dying,  Goneril  and  Regan 
pull  caps  for  him,  arid  he  consoles  himself  in  his  last 
moments  with  his  success  in  love — 

"  Who  wou'd  not  choose,  like  me  to  yield  his  breath 
"  T'have  rival  Queens  contend  for  him  in  death?" 

Colman  retains  some  of  Tate's  lines  in  this  scene, 
but  rejects  by  far  the  greater  part — both  Tate  and 
Colman  mutilate  Shakspeare  sadly  in  this  scene — 
Lear  is  next  discovered  asleep  with  his  head  on  Cor- 
delia's lap-  a  Captain  and  Officers  enter  (four  at  least 
in  number)  with  a  view  to  murder  them — Lear,  tho' 
turned  of  fourscore,  snatches  a  partisan,  arid  strikes 
down  2  of  them,  the  rest  turn  upon  him — Edgar  and 
Albany  enter — then  Kent,  and  lastly  Gloster — and 
they  are  all  as  happy  and  jolly  as  heart  could  wish, 

instead   of  Shakspeare's    Tragical  Catastrophe 

Colman  follows  Tate  in  a  considerable  degree,  but 
Lear  of  course  does  not  give  Cordelia  to  Edgar— 
Tate,  having  altered  the  last  part  of  the  play  so  ma- 
terially, was  obliged  to  new  write  it ;  which  he  has 
done  in  a  style  as  unlike  Shakspeare  as  possible — he 
has  however  retained  as  much  of  the  original  as  his 
plan  would  admit  of, 

Thus  it  appears  that  Tate  considered  himself  as 
authorized  riot  only  to  omit,  alter  and  mutilate  the 
text  at  pleasure,  but  also  to  change  the  plot  and  in- 
sert as  much  of  his  own  poetry,  as  he  liked — he  has 
properly  omitted  the  character  of  the  Fool,  and  he 


c.  G.  1767-1768.  201 

sometimes  transposes  with  effect — in  other  respects 
his  alteration  is  an  execrable  one — his  additions  are 
contemptible,  and  his  happy  Catastrophe  injudicious. 
The  delicate  nerves  of  Dr.  Johnson  were  so  shocked 
at  Lear's  bringing  in  Cordelia  dead  in  his  arms,  that 
he  doubts  whether  he  ever  endured  to  read  the  last 
scenes  of  this  play  a  second  time,  till  he  undertook 
to  revise  them  as  an  Editor — he  inclines  to  the 
happy  Catastrophe  and  says  that  in  this  case  the 
public  has  decided — to  this  Steevens  replies,  that  he 
should  rather  have  said,  that  the  Managers  of  the 
Theatres  Royal  have  decided,  and  that  the  public  has 
been  obliged  to  acquiesce  in  their  decision  — the 
altered  play  has  the  upper  Gallery  on  its  side  ;  the 
original  drama  was  patronized  by  Addison. 

Victrix  causa  Diis  placuit,  sed  victa  Catoni. 

If  a  happy  Catastrophe  were  indispensably  neces- 
sary, it  might  have  been  brought  about  without  the 
gross  absurdity  of  making  "  a  poor,  infirm,  and 
"  weak  old  man"  disarm  one  ruffian  and  strike  down 
two — Edmund's  revocation  of  his  order  for  the  death 
of  Lear  and  Cordelia  might  have  come  in  time, 
instead  of  being  too  late — and  Lear  might  have 
"  killed  the  slave  that  was  just  going  to  hang  her." 

Colman's  object  was  to  restore  Shakspeare* — and 
this  he  has  done  in  the  first  4  acts,  which  he  has 


*  Murphy  says,  "  Colman,  with  an  unhallowed  hand,  defaced 
"  the  Tragedy  of  King  Lear" — if  Murphy  had  taken  the  trouble 
to  look  into  Colman's  alteration,  he  would  not  have  made  this 
silly  remark. 


c.  G.   1767-1768. 

altered  very  judiciously— only  he  has  omitted  some 
few  lines  of  the  original,  that  should  have  been  re- 
tained ;  and  retained  some  few  of  Tate's,  that  should 
have  been  omitted — of  his  5th  act  the  less  is  said  the 
more  it  will  be  to  his  credit. 

The  Dramatic  Censor,  in  1770,  wishes  some  able 
critic,  Mr.  Garrick  for  instance,  would  undertake  a 
3d  alteration — Garrick  on  Oct.  28  1756  brought 
forward  King  Lear  with  restorations— his  alteration 
of  this  Tragedy  probably  did  not  differ  materially 
from  King  Lear  as  printed  by  Bell  in  1773  or  1774 
from  the  Prompt-book  of  D.  L. — let  us  briefly  ex- 
amine what  this  able  critic  has  done — a  great  deal  of 
Tate's  own  stuff  is  omitted — many  of  the  scenes  that 
Tate  had  altered  for  the  worse,  are  restored  as  by 
Colman — but  the  love  scenes  (all  but  one)  are  studi- 
ously retained — as  also  Edmund's  design  on  Cordelia 
— and  her  being  rescued  by  Edgar — her  supplication 
to  Gloster  in  the  3d  act  —and  the  scene  in  the  4th 
between  Kent,  Gloster,  Edgar  and  Cordelia — the 
mention  of  the  Duke  of  Cambray  (whom  Shakspeare 
never  dreamt  of)  is  omitted  in  one  scene  and  re- 
tained in  another — Edmund's  Soliloquy,  with  the  2 
Servants  and  the  2  letters,  is  omitted,  but  Regan's 
assignation  in  the  grotto  is  retained— Gloster  leaps 
from  the  cliff  as  in  the  original — Oswald's  dying 
speech  is  properly  restored — Gloster's  2  Soliloquies 
are  retained — in  act  5th  Tate  is  chiefly  followed — 
but  when  Edgar  arid  Edmund  fight,  the  scene  differs 
but  little  from  Colman's. 

That  Colman's  alteration  was  not  successful  ;  and 
that  the  love  scenes  still  retain  their  place  on  the  stage, 
is  not  wonderful — non  tarn  bene  cum  rebus  humanis 


c.  G.  1767-1768.  203 

agitur,  ut  meliora  pluribits  placeant — many  fre- 
quenters of  the  theatre  cannot  distinguish  between 
Tate  and  Shakspeare,  even  Managers  do  not  always 
discriminate  ;  and  it  may  be  questioned,  whether  the 
generality  of  Performers  would  not  prefer  acting 
Edgar  and  Cordelia  as  altered  by  Tate  than  as  written 
by  Shakspeare ;  tho'  certainly  an  actor  can  hardly 
be  condemned  to  pronounce  more  insipid  lines  than 
those  of  Tate. 

Most  of  the  plays,  that  have  been  materially 
altered  from  Shakspeare,  have  sunk  into  the  con- 
tempt they  deserve — but  when  we  go  to  the  theatre 
to  see  Lear  and  Richard,  we  are  still  cursed  with  the 
abominable  trash  of  the  two  poets  laureat,  who  with 
very  slender  abilities  for  writing  Tragedy  (as  their 
own  plays  abundantly  prove)  have  presumed  to  man- 
gle "  the  God  of  our  Idolatry" — Shakspeare  in  the 
Epilogue  to  Sir  Walter  Raleigh  says  — 

«  To  stab  my  fame, 

"  Should  be  a  sin  this  learned  generous  age 
"  Ought  to  revenge  upon  the  guilty  stage" 

Injured  Love  1707  is  said  in  the  titlepage  to  be 
written  by  N.  Tate,  Author  of  the  Tragedy  called 
King  Lear. 

For  Kemble's  alteration  of  King  Lear  see  C.  G. 
Feb.  27  1809. 

Feb.  25.  Never  acted,  Lionel  and  Clarissa.  Lio- 
nel —  Mattocks:  Col.  Oldboy  =  Shuter :  Jessamy  = 
Dyer  :  Jenkins  —  Dunstall :  Harman  =  Mahon  :  Sir 
John  Flowerdale  =  Gibson :  Clarissa  =  Miss  Macklin : 
Diana  =  Mrs.  Baker :  Lady  Mary  Oldboy  =  Mrs. 


204  C.G.  1767-1768. 

Green:  Jenny -Mrs.  Mattocks  :  — (London  Mag.} 
-acted  12  times— see  D.  L.  Feb.  8  1770. 

29.  Macklin  acted  Shylock,  and  Sir  Archy,  for 
his  bt. 

March  7«  Powell's  bt.  King  Lear,  and  Oxonian. 

17.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Yates,  Medea.  Jason  = 
Powell :  Creon  =  Smith  :  Medea  =  Mrs.  Yates  : — 
rest  omitted. 

19.  Smith's  bt.  Cymbeline,  and  Upholsterer. 

21.  Shuter's  bt.  Good-natured  Man,  10th  time. 

24.  Mrs.  Bellamy's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  Way 
to  keep  him.  Lovemore  —  Smith  :  Sir  Bashful  Con- 
stant =  Yates  :  Sir  Brilliant  Fashion  =  Woodward  : 
Widow  Bellmour  =  Miss  Macklin  :  Mrs.  Lovemore 
=  Mrs.  Bellamy  :  Muslin  =  Mrs.  Green  :  —  with 
Catharine  and  Petruchio. 

26.  For  bt.  of  Yates.  Jane  Shore,  with,  never 
acted  there,  Edgar  and  Emmeline.  Edgar  =:  Gentle- 
man :  Florimond  =  Yates  :  Emmeline  =  Mrs.  Yates. 

April  5.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Mattocks.  Macbeth,  and 
Citizen. 

6.  Miss  Mackliri's  bt.  Merchant  of  Venice,  and 
Love  a-la-Mode. 

8.  For  bt.  of  Mattocks.     Maid  of  the  Mill. 

9.  Cymbeline.     Imogen  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

12.  Dyer's  bt.  Merchant  of  Venice,  with  Amelia, 
altered  from  the  Summer's  Tale — see  C.  G.  Dec.  6 
1765. 

13.  Mrs.  Ward's   bt.   All   for  Love.     Antony  = 
Smith  :  Ventidius  =  Gibson  :    Dolabella  =  Clarke  : 
Cleopatra  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Octavia  =  Mrs.  Ward  : — 
with,  never  acted  there,  Country  Wife.     Pinchwife 
=  Clarke  :  Sparkish  =  Dyer  :  Margery  =  Miss  Ward. 


c.  G.   1767-1768.  205 

19.  Dunstall's  bt.  Love  in  a  Village. 

20.  Mrs.  Lessingham's  bt.  Not  acted  4  years,  Co- 
riolanus.     Coriolanus  =  Smith  :  Meneni  us  =  Shuter: 
Veturia  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  :—  rest  omitted— with  Love 
a-la-Mode. 

25.  Bensley's  bt.  Hamlet   =   Powell,    1st  time : 
Ghost  =  Bensley:  King  =  Gibson:  Poloni  us  =  Shuter: 
Queen  (for  that  night  only)  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Ophelia 
=  Miss  Macklin. 

26.  Distressed  Mother.    Pyrrhus  =  Hull,  1st  time. 
29.  Hull's  bt.    Romeo  and  Juliet,  with,  not  acted 

8  years,  Virgin  Unmasked.     Coupee  =  Shuter. 
May  4.  Mahomet,  and  Country  Wife. 

9.  Cymbeline,  and  Amelia,  3d  time. 

10.  Zara.     Lusignan  =  Powell :  Osman  =  Smith  : 
Zara=Mrs.  Squibb,  her  1st  appearance. 

11.  She  vvou'd  and  She  wou'd  not. 
No  plays  from  May  12  or  18  to  23. 

27.  Inconstant. 

June  2.  Confederacy.     Flippanta  =  Mrs.  Green. 

4.  Cymbeline,  with  an  occasional  Prologue  by 
Powell.  (Bitts  from  B.M.} 

The  Cottagers  was  published  in  1768  as  acted  at 
C.  G.— William  =  Mattocks  :  Hearty  =  Shuter  :  Sir 
Charles  =  Perry  :  Dame  Hearty  =Mrs.  Thompson  : 
Nanny  =  Mrs.  Pinto  :— this  musical  Entertainment 
was  brought  out  at  C.  G.  Nov.  12  1779,  with  altera- 
tions, as  William  and  Nanny. 

Violent  disputes  soon  arose  between  the  4  Paten- 
tees— on  Jan.  27  Colman  advertised  that  a  state  of 
the  differences  between  the  Proprietors  of  C.  G. 
would  speedily  be  published  — this  determined  Harris 
and  Rutherford  to  get  the  start  of  him  by  printing 


206  c.  G.   1767-1768. 

their  narrative  immediately — to  this  Colman  replied 
in  a  pamphlet  dated  Feb.  10 — Harris,  about  the 
latter  end  of  July,  printed  a  letter  from  himself  to 
Colman — and  Colman  published  a  2d  pamphlet ;  en- 
titled "  T.  Harris  dissected"  -  this  is  dated  Aug.  16. 

From  a  comparison  of  these  pamphlets  it  appears, 
that  Harris  and  Rutherford  having  entered  into  a 
treaty  with  Rich's  Executors  for  the  purchase  of  the 
Patents,  &c.,  judged  it  expedient  to  join  with  them 
some  person  of  abilities  and  experience  in  theatrical 
affairs— for  this  purpose  they  selected  Powell — Pow- 
ell declared  that  unless  Colman,  with  whom  he  was 
intimate,  were  included  in  the  treaty,  he  should  de- 
cline the  proposal— to  this  Harris  and  Rutherford  at 
first  demurred — but  on  the  14th  of  May  1767  an 
Agreement  was  signed,  by  which  it  was  stipulated 

1st  that  Colman  should  have  the  power  of  engag- 
ing and  dismissing  performers  of  all  kinds — of  receiv- 
ing or  rejecting  such  new  pieces  as  should  be  offered 
— of  casting  the  plays — of  appointing  what  plays, 
farces,  entertainments  and  other  exhibitions  should 
be  performed — and  of  conducting  all  such  things  as 
are  generally  understood  to  be  comprehended  in  the 
dramatic  and  theatrical  province. 

Sndly  that  Harris  and  Rutherford  should  attend  to 
the  comptrollement  of  the  accounts  and  treasury. 

3dly  that  Colman  should  at  all  times  communicate 
to  Harris  and  Rutherford  the  measures  he  intended 
to  pursue  ;  and  in  case  they  should  at  any  time  sig- 
nify their  disapprobation  thereof  in  writing  to  Col- 
man, the  measures  so  disapproved  of  should  not  be 
carried  into  execution. 

This   agreement  is  an  important  document,   on 


C.G.   1767-1768.  207 

which  the  merits  of  the  controversy  essentially  de- 
pend. 

On  July  1st  the  purchase  of  the  Patents,  &c.,  was 
completed  for  sixty  thousand  pounds — Powell  went 
to  Bristol — Harris  and  Rutherford  set  off  for  a  tour 
of  pleasure— Col  man  passed  6  or  7  weeks  in  un- 
wearied attention  to  the  business  of  the  theatre — he 
engaged  Macklin  and  accepted  Goldsmith's  Comedy 
without  consulting  Hams  and  Rutherford,  as  he 
knew  not  where  to  direct  to  them  ;  on  their  return 
they  approved  of  these  measures  ;  but  received  Col- 
man  in  the  coldest  manner — it  does  not  appear  from 
either  of  the  narratives  what  occasioned  this  change 
of  behaviour — but  it  appears  beyond  a  doubt  that 
Harris'  partiality  to  Mrs.  Lessingham  was  the  foun- 
dation of  the  subsequent  disputes — Harris  in  May  had 
expressed  his  desire  that  Mrs.  Lessingham  might  be 
engaged  at  C.  G.,  at  the  same  time  requesting  Col- 
man  not  to  be  alarmed  on  her  account,  as  he  did  not 
wish  to  have  her  considered  with  more  partiality  than 
any  other  performer,  either  with  regard  to  parts  or 
salary  ;  Colman  very  readily  acquiesced  in  receiving 
her,  and  even  declared  a  propensity  to  show  her  any 
reasonable  partiality,  which  he  did  not  doubt  was  all 
would  be  required. 

Soon  after  the  opening  of  the  theatre,  Harris  de- 
sired that  Mrs.  Lessingham  might  act  Imogen  instead 
of  Miss  Ward,  to  whom  the  part  had  been  allotted 
in  the  cast  book  ;  Colman  said  that  as  a  friend  to 
Mrs.  Lessingham,  he  would  advise  her  never  to  play 
a  line  of  Tragedy  ;  but  the  matter  at  that  time  pro- 
duced no  contention — on  Sep.  18  Mrs.  Lessingham 
returned  the  part  of  Nerissa  to  the  Prompter  with  an 


208  c.  G.   1767-1768. 

insolent  letter — Harris  defended  the  letter,  and  Col- 
man  spoke  his  thoughts  of  Mrs.  Lessingham  and  her 
letter  very  freely — Harris  very  highly  resented  this  ; 
and  having  sent  for  the  cast  book,  with  the  concur- 
rence of  Rutherford,  he  expunged  such  parts  as  he 
judged  improper  for  Mrs.  Lessingham,  and  allotted 
to  her  eleven  parts,  which  were  to  be  inserted  in  the 
cast  hook — Colrnan  objected  to  this  measure  as  a 
plain  breach  of  the  Agreement ;  however  he  acqui- 
esced— and  Mrs.  Lessingham,  sorely  against  his 
judgment  in  many  instances,  was  allowed  the  cha- 
racters in  question — Mrs.  Lessingham  was  only  a 
second,  or  rather  a  third  rate  actress — nothing  but 
private  reasons,  unconnected  with  the  theatre,  could 
have  influenced  Harris  to  support  her  in  the  way  he 
did  —  on  Oct.  12  Mrs.  Yates  was  engaged  —  tho' 
Colman  had,  previously  to  her  engagement,  consent- 
ed that  Mrs.  Lessingham  should  play  Imogen,  yet  he 
did  not  suppose  that  Harris  and  Rutherford  would  be 
so  blind  to  their  own  interests,  or  that  Mrs.  Lessing- 
ham would  entertain  such  an  overweening  opinion  of 
her  own  abilities,  as  to  think  of  her  entering  into  a 
direct  competition  with  Mrs.  Yates,  but  on  Oct.  29 
they  roundly  insisted  on  Mrs.  Lessingham 's  retaining 
the  character ;  Colman  as  roundly  refused — Harris 
and  Rutherford  applied  to  Mrs.  Yates  to  give  up  the 
part  which  she  would  not  consent  to  do— after  much 
altercation,  it  was  agreed  that  Cymbeline  should  be 
laid  aside  for  the  present — it  was  however  performed 
Dec.  28  by  his  Majesty's  command,  and  announced 
for  Dec.  31 — to  this  Harris  and  Rutherford  on  the 
30th  of  Dec.  positively  and  formally  objected  - 
Colman  offered  to  print  their  interdiction  as  a  reason 


c.  G.  1767-1768.  209 

to  the  public  for  not  performing  any  play,  but  re- 
fused to  give  out  any  other  play— Powell  gave  out 
Cymbeline  for  Dec.  31,  arid  sent  the  bills  to  the 
printer  himself — on  this  occasion  all  the  parties  seem 
to  have  been  in  the  wrong — as  Cymbeline  had  been 
gotten  up  at  considerable  expense,*  and  as  there  was 
a  great  demand  for  places,  it  was  unreasonable  in 
Harris  and  Rutherford  to  object  to  a  second  repre- 
sentation of  it — on  the  other  hand,  as  the  play  had 
been  a  bone  of  contention,  Colman  and  Powell  should 
not  have  persisted  in  performing  it,  Harris  and  Ru- 
therford having  by  the  Agreement  clearly  a  negative 
authority — Open  hostilities  were  now  commenced  ; 
the  acrimony,  with  which  they  were  carried  on,  was 
equally  to  the  discredit  of  Harris  and  Colman  ;  Ru- 
therford, tho'  he  joined  Harris  in  his  violent  mea- 
sures, had  not  the  same  personal  enmity  to  Colman 
— several  attempts  were  made  towards  a  reconcilia- 
tion, but  they  all  failed — matters  instead  of  growing 
better  grew  worse — Colman  became  tenacious  of  his 
authority,  and  vowed  he  would  not  part  with  a  jot  of 
it — he  seems  to  have  treated  the  opinions  of  Har- 
ris and  Rutherford  with  contempt — their  opposition 
was  sometimes  frivolous  and  sometimes  vexatious. 

The  theatre  was  closed  on  the  4th  of  June — on 
the  13th  Harris  and  Rutherford  found  the  doors  of 
the  theatre  barred  and  bolted — they  sent  to  Colman 
for  the  keys,  who  said  they  might  go  into  the  theatre 


*  Among  other  things,  a  scene  had  been  expressly  painted  to 
represent  Imogen's  chamber — this  scene  continued  in  use  till  the 
theatre  was  burnt  in  1808. 

VOL.  v.  p 


210  c.  G.    1767-1768. 

through  Powell's  house,  which  communicated  with 
it — Harris  says  Colman  had  turned  the  theatre  into 
a  fortification — Col  man's  plea  for  this  extraordinary 
proceeding  was,  that  he  had  reason  to  suspect  they 
meant  to  possess  themselves  of  the  theatre  hy  force. 

June  17  Harris  demanded  admittance  for  himself 
and  Rutherford  at  the  door  of  Sarjant  the  house- 
keeper of  the  theatre,  who  answered,  they  could  only 
be  admitted  through  Powell's  house — Harris  then 
came  to  the  door  in  Hart  Street  where  Rutherford 
was  waiting  for  him  with  some  stout  fellows,  whom 
they  had  hired,  and  whom  they  ordered  to  break  open 
a  window  with  iron  crows,  &c. — this  being  effected, 
they  carried  away  so  much  of  the  wardrobe,  as  they 
imagined  would  make  the  remaining  part  useless, 
together  with  the  music,  prompt-books,  &c. — of  all 
which  they  took  an  exact  inventory,  and  promised 
to  return  the  things,  when  an  accommodation  should 
take  place — they  turned  out  the  persons  whom  Col- 
man had  placed  in  the  theatre,  and  left  a  guard  of 
their  own  to  secure  the  premises — Colman,  after 
having  taken  legal  advice,  applied  to  a  magistrate 
for  Westminster,  who  on  July  the  9th  issued  his 
precept  to  the  Sheriff  to  reinstate  Sarjant  in  the  pos- 
session of  the  theatre — which  was  done — Colman 
says  that  every  door  and  drawer,  which  might  be 
supposed  to  contain  any  property  of  value,  had  been 
broken  open — that  some  of  the  most  valuable  of  the 
clothes,  which  had  not  been  carried  away,  were 
thrown  together,  like  foul  linen— and  that  a  cabinet 
containing  his  private  letters  had  been  rifled,  and  the 
letters  read. 

Rutherford  was  gone  abroad  before  Harris  pub- 


c.  G.  1707-1768.  211 

lished  his  2d  pamphlet ;  Colman  says  that  he  autho- 
rized a  person  of  known  character  and  reputation  in 
his  profession  (prohahly  Woodward  with  whom  he 
was  intimate)  to  sell  his  share  in  the  theatre  —it  was 
afterwards  sold  to  Dagg  and  Leake,  who  were  equally 
displeased  with  Colman.  (Town  and  Country  May.*) 

Colrnari  concludes  his  2d  pamphlet  by  pledging 
himself  to  the  public,  that  whenever  Harris  and  Ru- 
therford should  put  the  dispute  into  Chancery,  he 
and  Powell  will  do  every  thing  in  their  power  to 
bring  the  suit  to  a  speedy  issue. 

On  July  23  1770  was  ended  at  Lincoln's  Inn  be- 
fore the  Commissioners  of  the  Great  Seal  the  dispute 
between  Harris  and  Rutherford  on  one  part  arid 
Colman  and  Powell  on  the  other — the  Court,  after 
hearing  the  arguments  on  both  sides,  was  of  opinion, 
that  Colman  do  continue  in  the  conduct  of  the 
theatre  as  acting  manager,  subject  however  to  the 
advice  and  inspection  of  the  3  other  managers,  but 
not  to  the  controul — as  that  would  be  an  absurdity. 
(B.  M.) 

The  Manuscript  in  the  British  Museum  states  that 
in  or  about  Oct.  177 1»  the  differences  between  the 
Patentees  of  C.  G.  were  made  up— Harris*  quarrel- 
ling with  Mrs.  Lessingham  produced  this  harmony — 
see  the  bottom  of  the  bill  for  Mrs.  Lessingham's 
benefit  April  27  1773. 


p  2 


BAY.  176B. 


HAY.  1?68. 

The  Indiscreet  Lover  was  acted  for  the  benefit  of 
a  hospital  about  May  at  the  King's  Theatre  in  the 
Hay. — Traffick  is  in  love  with  Lucia — Young  Rey- 
nard dissuades  him  from  matrimony — Traffick  is  so 
Indiscreet  as  to  attempt  to  seduce  Lucia — she  resents 
the  attempt  as  it  deserves — at  the  conclusion  they 
are  reconciled — Old  Reynard  has  no  sense  of  virtue 
and  vice  but  as  they  lead  to  riches  or  poverty — he 
instructs  his  son  to  extract  gold  even  out  of  debauch- 
ery itself — Young  Reynard's  principles  are  as  bad  as 
his  father's  but,  owing  to  the  difference  of  age,  they 
take  a  different  turn — he  had  seduced  Sally — he 
keeps  Kitty — arid  marries  Fanny — Fanny  passes  her- 
self on  him  as  the  only  child  of  Wealthy — she  turns 
out  to  be  Wealthy's  mistress — the  marriage  is  set 

aside  as  being  performed  by  a  sham  parson this 

C.  was  written  by  Portal — the  serious  scenes  are  dull, 
but  Old  and  Young  Reynard  are  excellent  characters. 

May  30.  (At  the  little  theatre)  Never  acted,  the 
Devil  upon  two  Sticks.  Devil  —  Foote  :  Dr.  Last  = 
Weston  :  Margaret  (sister  to  Sir  Thomas  Maxwell) 
—  Mrs.  Gardner  :  Harriet  (his  daughter)  =  Miss  Ed- 
wards, her  1  st  appearance  :_Cradock  (see  his  Memoirs 
vol.  1  p.  31)  observed  to  Foote  that  he  thought  Le 
Sage's  Devil  upon  two  Sticks  was  a  good  subject  for 
stage  buffoonery — Foote  said,  it  was,  without  excep- 
tion, the  most  absurd  and  nonsensical  vehicle  that 
could  have  been  devised — he  afterwards  brought  out 


HAY.  1768.  213 

this  play— Sir  Thomas  Maxwell,  who  is  the  English 
Consul  at  Madrid,  locks  up  his  daughter  to  prevent 
her  from  marrying  Invoice — Invoice  gets  into  the 
house — they  make  their  escape  through  a  window 
into  the  house  of  a  Chymist  — Invoice  breaks  the 
bottle  in  which  the  Devil  is  confined — the  Devil  con- 
veys them  to  England — the  rest  of  the  piece  consists 
of  a  banter  upon  the  professors  of  physic — the  Devil 
assumes  the  characters  of  Dr.  Squib ;  and  the  Pre- 
sident of  the  College  in  Warwick  Lane — there  is 
little  or  no  plot,  but  this  is  amply  compensated  by 
the  excellence  of  the  dialogue — Dr.  Squib  is  said  to 
be  meant  for  Dr.  Brocklesby — and  the  President  for 
Sir  William  Brown — Mrs.  Macauley  is  cut  up  in 
the  1st  act — there  is  a  print  of  Foote  and  Weston 
in  the  President  and  Dr.  Last  from  a  painting  by 
Zoffany. 

Sir  William  Brown  was  perpetually  saying  that  he 
was  a  member  of  both  Universities — a  Gentleman 
took  occasion  to  observe  that  he  had  2  cows,  which 
calved  at  the  same  time,  that  one  calf  died,  and  that 
he  let  the  other  calf  suck  both  the  cows — "and 
"  pray,"  said  Sir  William,  "  what  was  the  conse- 
"  quence  ?  "  —"a  prodigiously  great  calf  indeed,  Sir." 

In  Act  1st  the  Devil  observes  to  Invoice  that  men 
are  much  beholden  to  himself  and  his  colleagues  for 
their  superlative  epithets  ;  and  for  the  measure  both 
of  virtues  and  vices — "  as  thus  :  in  describing  your 
"  friends,  or  your  foes,  they  are  devilish  rich,  devilish 
"  poor,  devilish  ugly,  devilish  handsome  ;  now  and 
"  then  indeed,  to  vary  the  mode  of  conversing,  you 
"  make  a  little  free  with  our  condition  and  country, 


HAY.  1768. 

"  as  hellish  dull,  damn'd  clever,  hellish  cold  ;  Psha  ! 
"  how  damn'd  hot  it  is." 

Invoice.  True  Sir}  but  I  consider  this  as  a  rhe- 
torical figure,  a  manner  of  speaking  devis'd  andprac- 
tis'd  by  dulness,  to  conceal  the  lack  of  ideas,  and 
the  want  of  expressions. 

At  the  conclusion  of  the  piece  the  Devil  recom- 
mends Invoice  arid  Harriet  to  go  on  the  stage,  telling 
them  at  the  same  time  that  he  can  be  of  no  service 
to  them  either  at  D.  L.  or  C.  G. 

Invoice.  No  ?  I  thought,  Sir,  you  told  me  just 
now,  that  the  several  arts  of  the  Drama  were  under 
your  direction. 

Devil.  So  they  were  formerly  ;  but  now  they  are 
directed  by  the  Genius  of  Insipidity  :  he  has  entered 
into  partnership  with  the  managers  of  both  houses, 
and  they  have  set  up  a  kind  of  circulating  library, 
for  the  vending  of  dialogue  novels — I  dare  not  go 
near  the  new  house,  for  the  Daemon  of  Power,  who 
gave  me  this  lameness,  has  possessed  the  pates,  and 
sown  discord  among  the  mock  monarchs  there ; 
and  what  one  receives  the  other  rejects — and  as  to 
the  other  house,  the  manager  has  great  merit  in  him- 
self, with  skill  to  discern  and  candour  to  allow  it 
in  others  ;  but  I  can  be  of  no  use  in  making  your 
bargain,  for  in  that  he  would  be  too  many  for  the 
cunningest  Devil  amongst  us. 

Invoice.  I  have  heard  of  a  new  playhouse  in  the 
Hay  market. 

Devil.  What,  Foote's  ?  Oh,  that's  an  eccentric, 
narrow  establishment :  however  it  may  do  for  a  coup 
d'essai,  and  prove  no  bad  foundation  for  a  future 
engagement. 


HAY.   1768.  215 

June  23,  Mayor  of  Garret.  Major  Sturgeon  — 
Footer  Jerry  Sneak  —  Weston  :  Sir  Jacob  Jallap  = 
Sowdon:  Matthew  Mugg  =  Bannister  :  Mrs.  Sneak 
=  Mrs.  Pitt: — with  Stratagem.  Archer  =  Lee: 
Scrub  =  Weston  :  Foigard  n  Vandermere  :  Sullen  = 
Bannister:  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Lady,  1st  appearance: 
Cherry  =  Mrs.  Gardner,  r.  b. 

July  8.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Sowdon  :  Copper 
Captain  =  Lee,  1st  time  :  Cacafogo  =  Bannister  : 
Duke  =  J.  Aikiii:  Estifania  =  Mrs.  Gardner,  1st  time  : 
Old  Woman  —  Mrs.  Pitt : — with,  never  acted,  States- 
man Foil'd.  Lord  Crafty  =  Sowdon  :  Worthy  = 
Bannister:  Mean  well  =  Mahoon  :  Emilia  (niece  to 
Lord  Crafty)  =  Miss  Edwards  :  Sally  =  Miss  Groce  : 
this  musical  Entertainment  is  dull — it  is  attri- 
buted to  Dossie — Worthy  is  ruined  by  supporting 
Lord  Crafty's  interest — Lord  Crafty  evades  doing 
any  thing  for  him — Sally  pretends  to  be  Worthy's 
wife — Lord  Crafty  is  pleased  with  her  beauty,  and 
gets  Worthy  a  place  under  government  on  condition 
of  her  not  being  ungrateful — this  part  of  the  plot  is 
completely  stolen  from  the  Patron,  or  the  States- 
man's Opera,  which  came  out  at  the  Hay.  in  1729, 
and  which  is  a  much  better  piece — Lord  Crafty  is 
also  obliged  to  consent  to  the  union  of  Meanwell 
and  Emilia. 

The  receipts  of  the  Devil  upon  two  Sticks  ex- 
ceeded Foote's  most  sanguine  expectations  ;  it  was 
said  to  have  produced  him  between  £3000  and  £4000 
— he  lodged  £1200  at  his  banker's,  besides  £500  in 
cash,  which  he  intended  to  take  over  with  him  to 
Ireland,  where  he  was  engaged  for  the  ensuing 
winter — but  his  usual  daemon  of  extravagance  still 


216  D.  L.  1768-1769. 

haunted  him  ;  for  taking  Bath  in  his  way  to  Holy- 
head  he  fell  in  with  a  nest  of  gamblers,  who,  finding 
him  with  full  pockets  and  high  spirits,  availed  them- 
selves of  their  superiour  dexterity  with  considerable 
success — Mr.  Rigby  took  an  opportunity  to  tell  Foote 
how  grossly  he  was  plundered,  and  further  remarked 
"  that  from  his  careless  manner  of  playing  and  bet- 
"  ting,  and  his  ha.bit  of  telling  stories  when  he  should 
"  be  minding  his  game,  he  must  in  the  long  run  be 
"  ruined,  let  him  play  with  whom  he  would" — 
Foote,  who  perhaps  by  this  time  had  partly  seen  his 
error,  but  was  too  proud  to  take  a  lesson  in  the 
character  of  a  dupe,  very  ridiculously  and  ungrate- 
fully resented  this  friendly  advice ;  he  went  on 
playing,  and  not  only  lost  the  £500  he  had  about 
him,  but  the  £1200  at  his  banker's  ;  and  thus 
stripped  of  his  last  guinea,  was  obliged  to  borrow 
£100  to  carry  him  to  Ireland.  (Cooked) 


D,  L.  1768-1769. 

Sept.  20.  Beggar's  Opera.     Lucy  =  Miss  Pope. 

22.  Macbeth.     Macbeth  =  Garrick :    Lady  Mac- 
beth =  Mrs.  Barry,  late  Mrs.  Dancer. 

23.  London  Merchant. 

24.  Clandestine  Marriage. 


D.  L.   1768-1769. 

26.  Mourning  Bride 27.  Cymon. 

28.  Rival  Queens.     Alexander  =  Reddish  :  Statira 
=  Mrs.  Barry. 

29.  Richard  3d  =  Garrick:  Lady  Anne  =  Mrs.  W. 
Barry. 

SO.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Shylock  =  King :  An- 
thon io  =  Reddish  :  Portia  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

Oct.  1.  School  for  Lovers.  Modely  =  Jefferson  : 
Qelia=Mrs.  Baddeley. 

3.  Never  acted,  Padlock.     Mungo^Dibdin  :  Don 
Diego  =  Bannister  :  Leander  =  Vernon  :  Leonora  = 
Mrs.  Arrie  :    Ursula  —  Mrs.   Dorman  : — this  is  one 
of  the  best  Musical  Entertainments — Victor  says  it 
was  acted  53  nights  to  crowded  houses — it  was  writ- 
ten by  Bickerstaffe — the  plot  is  taken  from  a  novel 
by  Cervantes,   called  the  Jealous   Estremaduran — 
the  conclusion  is  altered — in  the   novel,  Leonora's 
husband  dies,  and  she  goes  into  a  convent. 

4.  All  in  the  Wrong 5.  Plain  Dealer. 

6.  Suspicious  Husband.     Ranger  =  Garrick. 

11.  By  particular  desire  of  the  King  of  Den- 
mark. Zara.  Lusign an  =  Garrick :  Osman  =  Hol- 
land :  Zara  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

13.  As  you  like  it. 

14.  Revenge.     Zanga=  Holland:    Alonzo  =  Red- 
dish :  Leonora  =  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

15.  Stratagem — see  Dec.  1  1767. 

1 8.  Conscious  Lovers.     Young  Bevil  =  Holland. 

19.  Way  to  keep  him 20.  Much  ado. 

22.  Cymbeline.  Imogen  =  Miss  Younge,  her  1st 
appearance  on  any  stage. 

25.  Wonder.  Don  Felix  =  G arrick  :  Lissardo  = 
King  :  Don  Lopez  =  Baddeley  :  Violante  =  Mrs. 


218  D.  L.   1768-1769. 

Barry  :  Flora  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Isabella  —  Mrs.  W. 
Barry  : — rest  omitted. 

31.  Othello  —  as  before — with  Lottery.  Lord 
Lace  =  King  :  Lady  Lace  —  Mrs.  Abington. 

Nov.  1.  Artaxerxes,  and  Old  Maid. 

4.  Tamerlane.     Tamerlane  is  omitted  :  Bajazet  — 
Barry  :  Arpasia  —  Mrs.  Barry. 

5.  Merchant  of  Venice.     Portia  =  Mrs.  Abington, 
1st  time. 

9.  Earl  of  Warwick  =  Holland  :  King  Edward  = 
Reddish  :  Margaret  of  Anjou  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Lady 
Elizabeth  Gray  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry. 

12-15-29.  Douglas — no  characters — this  play  was 
revived  for  Mrs.  Barry  ;  whose  great  character  was 
Lady  Randolph. 

!?•  Never  acted,  Hypocrite.  Dr.  Cantwell  = 
King:  Darnley  —  Reddish  :  Col.  Lambert  ==  Jeffer- 
son :  Seyward  =.  Cautherley  :  Maw- worm  =  Weston  : 
Sir  John  Lambert  =.  Packer  :  Charlotte  =  Mrs.  Abing- 
ton :  Lady  Lambert  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry  :  Old  Lady 

Lambert  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw : this  is  a  very  good 

alteration  of  the  Non juror — as  Gibber's  play  was 
become  obsolete,  owing  to  the  Politics  he  had  mixed 
with  it,  he  is  much  obliged  to  Bickerstaffe  for  bring- 
ing it  forward  in  a  modern  shape— Bickerstaffe  has 
retained  all  of  the  Original  that  he  could  with  pro- 
priety, and  what  he  has  added  of  his  own  is  much  to 
his  credit — only  Dr.  Cantwell  is  too  tame  when  he 
makes  his  last  exit — Cibber  manages  this  better — 
Old  Lady  Lambert  is  added  from  Moliere — Maw- 
worm  is  entirely  a  new  character,  which  was 
inimitably  acted  by  Weston — Charlotte  (the  Maria 
of  the  Non  juror,)  is  the  best  drawn  Coquette  and 


D.  L.   1769-1769.  219 

the  most  defensible  one  on  the  stage — though  the 
part  had  been  excellently  well  performed  by  Mrs. 
Oldfield  originally  and  since  her  time  with  great 
applause  and  approbation  by  Mrs.  Woffington  and 
Mrs.  Pritchard,  yet  it  is  impossible  to  conceive  that 
more  gaiety,  ease,  humour,  elegance  and  grace  could 
have  been  assumed  by  any  actress  than  by  Mrs.  Ab- 
ington  in  this  part—  (Davies) — she  had  acted  Maria 
in  Ireland. 

It  is  much  to  be  wished  that  more  persons  would 
follow  the  example  Bickerstaffe  has  here  set  them — 
authors  of  moderate  abilities  would  act  wisely,  if  they 
would  set  their  wits  to  work  in  altering  old  Plays — 
by  which  means  they  would  do  themselves  more 
credit  than  they  could  by  any  original  production — 
and  they  would  confer  a  serious  obligation  on  the  ad- 
mirers of  old  Tragedies  and  Comedies ;  many  of 
which,  tho*  they  contain  a  vast  deal  of  good  writing, 
superiour  in  general  to  modern  productions,  yet  can- 
not be  represented  without  considerable  alterations. 

21.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  Townly  =  Barry  : 
Lady  Townly=:Mrs.  Abington  :  Miss  Jenny  m  Miss 
Pope. 

24.  Jane  Shore.  Hastings  —  Barry  :  Shore  =  Red- 
dish :  Jane  Shore  =  Miss  Younge :  Alicia  =  Mrs, 
Barry. 

Dec.  1.  Country  Girl  =  Miss  Burton,  her  1st  ap- 
pearance. 

14.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute]  =  Garrick: 
Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Lady  Brute  =  Mrs. 
Barry  : — perhaps  Mrs.  W.  Barry — on  April  2  1770 
Mrs.  Barry  is  said  to  act  Lady  Brute  for  the  1st  time 


220  D.  L.    1768-1769. 

— Mrs.^Stephens  played  the  character  on  Oct.  10 
1769. 

!?•  Never  acted,  Zingis.  Timur  (the  son  of  Zin- 
gis)  —  Holland  :  Zingis  —  Aikin  :  Zemouca  (in  love 
with  Ovisa)  —  Reddish  :  Aunac  =  Packer  :  Cubla  = 
Jefferson  :  Zena  —  Palmer :  Nevian  =  Bannister  : 
Ovisa  (the  daughter  of  Aunac — in  love  with  Timur) 
=  Miss  Younge :  Mila  (the  wife  of  Cubla)  —  Mrs. 
Stephens  : — with  Absent  Man.  Frank  —  Palmer : — 
r.  b. — Zingis  had  dethroned  Aunac,  and  usurped  the 
empire  of  Tartary — he  is  represented  as  a  man  of 
great  abilities  and  still  greater  ambition — in  the 
course  of  the  play  Aunac  is  killed — Timur  is  dis- 
tracted between  his  duty  to  his  father,  and  his  love 
for  Ovisa — he  at  last  joins  Zemouca,  Cubla,  &c.,  in 
taking  up  arms  against  Zingis — Zingis  is  forced  to 
retire — Zemouca  and  Timur  quarrel — they  fight — 
Zemouca  is  killed — Timur  is  mortally  wounded — 
Zingis  returns  and  carries  all  before  him — Ovisa 
stabs  herself — some  speeches  in  this  T.  are  very 
well  written,  and  the  play  on  the  whole  cannot  fairly 
be  called  a  bad  one — but  Dow^has  been  peculiarly 
unfortunate  in  his  choice  of  the  subject — one  feels 
no  interest  in  the  transactions  of  the  Tartars,  arid 
one  is  disgusted  at  the  introduction  of  so  many  bar- 
barous names — Zingis  was  acted  11  or  12  times. 

28.  Earl  of  Essex.  Essex  =  B arry  :  Southampton 
-  Reddish:  Rutland  -  Mrs.  Barry. 

Jan.  4.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  and  Lady 
Townly  =  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Barry  :  Lady  Grace  =  Mrs. 
W.  Barry. 

7.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Gobbo  =  Parsons  :  Por- 
tia —  Mrs.  Abington  :  Bassanio  is  omitted  in  5  bills. 


D.  L.   1768- 1769.  221 

12.  Richard  3d  =  Garrick  :  Henry  6th  =  Reddish, 
1st  time. 

20.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn  =  Barry  :  Almeria 
=  Mrs.  Barry:— with  Wit's  last  Stake. 

24.  Macbeth  =  Barry:  Macduff=  Reddish  :  Lady 
Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

25  and  27.  Garrick  acted  Abel  Drugger  and 
Kitely. 

Feb.  2.  Douglas.    Lady  Randolph  =.  Mrs.  Barry. 

3.  Hamlet  =  Garrick. 

4.  Never  acted,  School  for  Rakes.     Frampton  = 
Reddish  :  Lord  Eustace  (son  to  the  Earl  of  Delville) 
=  Cautherley  :  Sir  William  Evans  —  Holland  :  Willis 
(Valet  to  Lord  Eustace)  =  Dodd  :  Capt.  Loyd  =  King: 
Col.  Evans  (son  to  Sir  William)  =  Palmer  :  Robert 
=  Baddeley  :  Mrs.  Winifred   (sister  to  Sir  William) 
nMrs  Clive  :  Harriet  (his  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Badde- 
ley : — acted  13  times — Harriet  had  been  privately 
married  to  Lord  Eustace — without  the  knowledge  of 
Sir  William,  but  with  the  entire  approbation  of  Mrs. 
Winifred — the    ceremony  had   been    performed   by 
Langwood,  Lord  Delville's  steward,  in  the  disguise  of 
a  parson — Lord  Eustace  still  loves  Harriet,  but  as  he 
has  no  fortune  but  what  he  derives  from  his  father, 
he  is  prevailed  on  to  consent  to  a  matrimonial  treaty 
between  himself  and  Lady  Anne  Mountfort — at  the 
opening  of  the  play,  Sir  William,  Mrs.  Winifred  and 
Harriet  arrive  at  Lord  Eustace's  on  a  visit Framp- 
ton is  by  birth  a  gentleman — he  had  dissipated  his 
fortune,  and  become  a  dependent  on  Lord  Eustace 
— he  has  a  sincere  regard  for  Lord  Eustace,  but  too 
much  honour  not  to  remonstrate  with  him  firmly  on 


222  »•  L-  1768-1769. 

the  baseness  of  his  conduct  to  Harriet — Langwood 
is  represented  as  dying,  and  as  wishing  to  unburthen 
his  conscience  by  asking  Harriet's  forgiveness  — Lord 
Eustace  is  very  anxious  to  prevent  any  letter  which 
Langwood  might  write,  from  reaching  the  hands  of 
Harriet, .or  any  of  her  family — Willis  intercepts  a 
letter  from  Langwood  to  Mrs.  Winifred — Frampton 
points  out  to  Lord  Eustace  in  a  strong  light  the  mean- 
ness of  opening  a  letter  directed  to  another  person — 
Lord  Eustace  does  not  open  the  letter — and  Framp- 
ton consents  that  the  delivery  of  the  letter  should  be 
delayed  for  some  few  days — Frampton  gives  back  the 
letter  to  Willis — a  circumstance  grossly  improbable 
— as  he  knows  Willis  to  be  one  of  the  last  persons 
in  the  world  to  whom  such  a  letter  could  be  confided 
with  safety — Willis  opens  the  letter— and  uninten- 
tionally acknowledges  the  contents  of  it  to  Sir  William 
— Sir  William  challenges  Lord  Eustace — his  Lordship 
evades  the  duel  as  long  as  he  can — he  at  last  deter- 
mines not  to  return  Sir  William's  fire — at  the  con- 
clusion, an  explanation  takes  place,  and  Lord  Eus- 
tace marries  Harriet  with  the  consent  of  his  own 
and  her  father — the  matter  relative  to  Lady  Anne  is 
easily  settled,  as  she  is  in  love  with  Col.  Evans — this 
is  a  sentimental  C.  by  Mrs.  Griffith— some  parts  of 
it  are  dull,  but  on  the  whole  it  is  far  from  a  bad  play 
— the  merit  of  it  consists  chiefly  in  the  character  of 
Frampton — Reddish  acted  this  part  peculiarly  well 
— the  other  parts  were  well  supported — see  Dramatic 
Censor. 

23.  Never  acted,  Fatal  Discovery.  Ronan  (Prince 
of  Morven)  =  Barry  :  Orellan  (a  very  old  hermit)  = 
Reddish  :  Connan  (the  son  of  Kathul,  and  the  par- 


D.L.  1768-1769.  223 

ticular  friend  of  Ronan)  =  Aikin  :  Durstan  (King  of 
the  Picts)  =  Palmer :  Kathul  (King  of  the  Isles)  = 
Jefferson  :  Euran  (secretly  the  friend  of  Durstan)  = 
J.  Aikin  :  Rivine  (the  daughter  of  Kathul)  =  Mrs. 
Barry  :— with  Damon  and  Phillida.  Damon  =  Dodd : 
Corydon  =  Bannister  :  Cymon  =  Dibdin  :  Mopsus  = 
Moody  :  Phillida  —  Miss  Radley.  r.  b. 

Fatal  Discovery  was  acted  10  times — Ronan  and 
Rivine  were  mutually  in  love — Ronan  had  gone  to 
Erin  to  carry  on  a  war— from  thence  he  had  sent 
Valma  on  a  message  to  Rivine — Durstan  had  bribed 
Valma — and  Valrna  had  told  Rivine  that  Ronan  had 
married  the  Queen  of  Erin  —Rivine,  believing  Ro- 
nan to  have  been  false  to  her,  had  been  prevailed  on 
by  her  father  to  marry  Durstan — in  the  1st  act, 
Connan  tells  Rivine  that  he  had  accidentally  seen 
Valma  on  his  deathbed — and  that  Valma  had  con- 
fessed his  treachery — Dursian  lands  on  the  isle  in 
which  Kathul  resides — he  claims  Rivine  as  his  wife 
— Connan  resists  the  claim,  and  sends  Rivine  to  the 
cave  of  Orellan — Ronan  is  shipwrecked,  and  cast  on 
the  shore  apparently  dead — Orellan  restores  him  to  life 
-Ronan  and  Rivine  meet  in  the  cave — Ronan  vows 
vengeance  on  Durstan — Rivine  is  reduced  to  despair 
— Ronan  and  Durstan  engage — Kathul  interposes — 
in  the  5th  act,  as  Rivine  is  rushing  off  the  stage  to 
drown  herself,  she  is  seized  on  by  Durstan — Ronan 
enters — Durstan  threatens  to  kill  Rivine  if  Ronan 
should  advance — Rivine  stabs  herself— Ronan  and 
Durstan  fight — Ronan  kills  Durstan,  but  is  mortally 
wounded — Kathul  resigns  his  crown  to  Connan,  and 
determines  to  spend  the  remainder  of  his  life  in  the 
cave  of  Orellan— this  T.  was  written  by  Home — it  is 


224  D.  L.  1768-1769. 

liable  to  one  serious  objection— the  manners  are  too 
refined  for  the  time  and  country  in  which  the  D.  P. 
are  supposed  to  have  lived — in  other  points  it  is  a 
good  play — Orellan  is  an  interesting  character — • 
Murphy,  in  his  invective  on  this  T.,  is  so  scanda- 
lously incorrect,  that  he  says  the  names  of  Kastreel 
and  Dunton  are  grating  to  an  English  ear. 

Damon  and  Phillida,  as  acted  on  this  evening,  is 
Gibber's  Opera  altered  by  Dibdin — the  blank  verse  is 
properly  reduced  to  prose. 

March  11.  Barry's  bt.  Royal  Slave.  Oroonoko 
=  Barry:  Imoinda  —  Mrs.  Barry: — rest  omitted — 
with  Peep  behind  the  Curtain. 

13.  Holland's  bt.     Zenobia. 

14.  King's  bt.     False  Delicacy. 

16.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Arne,  who  is  very  ill  at  Bristol. 
Tempest.  Prospero  =  Holland,  1st  time  :  Miranda 
=  Mrs.  Baddeley,  1st  time. 

18.  Mrs.  Barry's  bt.  Fair  Penitent.  Horatio  = 
Barry  :  Lothario  =  Holland  :  Calista  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

28.  Mrs.  Abington's  bt.     Hypocrite,  14th  time — 
with,  never  acted,  No  Wit  like  a  Woman's. 

29.  Miss  Pope's  bt.     Jealous  Wife.   Mrs.  Oakly  = 
Miss  Pope,   1st  time  :    Harriet  =  Mrs.  Baddeley,  1st 
time. 

31.  Reddish's  bt.  Never  performed  there,  Maid 
of  the  Mill.  Lord  Aimworth  (for  that  night  only)  = 
Reddish:  Sir  Harry  Sycamore  =  Parsons  :  Giles  = 
Bannister:  Ralph  =  Dibdin  :  Fail-field  =  Jefferson  : 
Mirvin  =  Fawcett :  Patty  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  :  Fanny 
=  Miss  Pope  :  Theodosia  =  Miss  Radley  :  Lady  Sy- 
camore =  Mrs.  Bradshaw  : — with,  acted  but  once, 
No  Wit  like  a  Woman's — taken  from  George  Dan- 


D.  L.   1768-1769. 

din  of  Moliere.  Modely  =  Palmer  :  Vintage  =  Wes- 
ton  :  Symon  =  IMoody  :  Mrs.  Vintage  =  Mrs.  Abing- 
ton  : — not  printed. 

April  1.  Love's  bt  Conscious  Lovers.  Young 
Bevil  =  Barry  :  Tom  =  King:  Daniel  =  Weston  :  In- 
diana =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Phillis  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

3.  Dodd's  bt.     Never  acted  there,   Love  in  a  Vil- 
lage.    Young  Meadows  =  Dodd :   Hodge  =  King :  Sir 
William  M eadows  =  Parsons  :  Rosetta  =  Mrs.  Bad- 
deley  :  —  with   Citizen.      Young   Philpot  =  Dodd  ; 
Maria  =  Miss  Pope. 

4.  Aikin's  bt.     Countess  of  Salisbury. 

7.  Miss  Younge's  bt.  Cymbeline,  with  Florizel 
and  Perdita.  Perdita=  Miss  Younge. 

10.  Cautherley's  bt.  Orphan.  Castali  o  =  Barry : 
Chamont^i  Holland  :  Monimia  =  Mrs.  Barry  : — with, 
never  acted  there,  Ghost — (no  characters) — see  Man's 
Bewitched  Hay.  Dec.  12  1709. 

12.  Mrs.  King's  bt.  Maid  of  the  Mill.  Ralph 
(for  that  night  only)  =  King. 

18.  Way  to   keep  him.     Sir  Brilliant  Fashion  = 
Dodd. 

19.  Palmer's  bt.     Fair  Penitent.     Lothario  =  Hol- 
land :  Horatio  —  Bensley  from  C.  G.  :  Calista—  Mrs. 
Barry  : — John    Palmer   should   be  carefully   distin- 
guished from  the  other  Palmer,   particularly  in  the 
characters  which  both  of  them  played — for  instance, 
John  Palmer  acted  Brush  in  the  Clandestine  Mar- 
riage for  many  years,  but  the  other  Palmer  played 
the  part  originally. 

John  Palmer  soon  after  he  became  an  actor  of 
some  consequence  was  strutting  about  in  the  green- 
room, and  threatening  what  he  would  do  to  some 

VOL.  V,  Q 


226  D.  L.   1768-1769. 

person  who  had  offended  him— "  Dam'me  Jack," 
said  Parsons,  "  If  I  were  you,  I  would  stick  him 
"  against  the  wall" — Palmer's  father,  besides  keep- 
ing the  pit  door,  is  said  to  have  been  the  bill-sticker 
for  the  theatre. 

After  the  death  of  the  other  Palmer,  Mr.  J.  Pal- 
mer became  Mr.  Palmer  in  the  bills — on  which  occa- 
sion Foote  asked  a  friend  if  he  had  heard  of  the  sad 
accident  that  had  happened  to  Jack  Palmer  that 
morning—"  No,  what  is  it  ?"  "  He  has  lost  an  eye." 

24.  Mrs.  dive's  bt  Wonder.  Don  Felix  =  Gar- 
rick  :  Lissardo  —  King :  Violante  =  Mrs.  Barry  : 
Florae  Mrs.  Clive  : — with  Lethe.  Lord  Chalkstone 
=  King,  1st  time:  Old  Man  =  Parsons  :  Fine  Gen- 
tleman =Dodd  :  Fine  Lady  =  Mrs.  Clive,  being  her 
last  time  of  appearing  on  the  stage  : — all  the  Pit  was 
taken  into  the  Boxes  and  was  not  half  large  enough 
to  answer  the  demand  for  places — after  the  Play  she 
addressed  the  audience  in  an  Epilogue  written  by  the 
Hon.  Horace  Walpole  ;  in  which,  after  expatiating 
on  the  retirement  of  Charles  the  5th,  she  concluded 
thus — 

"  Here  ends  the  parallel — my  generous  friends, 
"  My  Exit  no  such  tragic  fate  attends ; 
"  I  will  not  die — let  no  vain  panic  seize  you, 
"  If  I  repent — I'll  come  again  and  please  you." 

(Victor.) 

Wilkinson  says  Mrs.  Clive  made  the  part  of  Flora 
in  the  estimation  of  the  audience  equal  to  Felix  or 
Violante. 

28.  Widowed  Wife.  Mrs.  Pritchard's  part  is 
omitted  in  the  bill. 


D.  L.  1768-17(1".  £27 

29.  Weston  acted  Abel  Drugger. 

May  8.  Havard's  bt.     Zara.    Lusignan  -  Garrick : 
-with  Register  Office —after  the  play  an  occasional 
Epilogue  by  Havard,  whose  bad  state  of  health  obliges 
him  to  retire  from  the  stage. 

11.  Lottery.     Stocks  =  Parsons. 

18.  For  the  Theatrical  Fund.  Stratagem.  Archer 
(with  an  occasional  Epilogue)  -  Garrick. 

20.  Suspicious  Husband.     Ranger  =  King. 

23.  Country  Girl  and  Padlock— last  bill.  (Bills 
from  B.  M.) 

Garrick  acted  Felix  7  times — Macbeth  1 — Richard 
2 — Ranger  3—  Lusignan  2— Archer  3— Benedick  1 
-Brute  1— Abel  Drugger  1  — Kitely  2— Hamlet  1. 

William  Havard  had  acted  a  variety  of  characters 
both  in  Tragedy  and  Comedy,  and  was  constantly  be- 
fore the  eyes  of  the  audience — such  was  the  sound- 
ness of  his  judgment  and  perfect  understanding  of 
his  author  that  he  never  met  with  any  marks  of  dis- 
pleasure from  the  public,  even  in  parts  that  did  not 
suit  his  voice  and  manner ;  or  that  were  above  the 
rank  of  characters  which  he  usually  filled — and  in 
those  that  were  better  suited  to  him,  he  was  con- 
stantly favoured  with  applause  --  his  person  was 
comely  and  genteel,  his  voice  clear  and  articulate, 
but  from  a  degree  of  monotony,  which  seemed  natural 
to  it,  he  sometimes  fell  short  with  respect  to  empas- 
sioned  execution — he  was  however  always  decent, 
sensible,  and  perfect ;  he  had  the  manner  and  mo- 
tion of  a  Gentleman  in  a  superiour  degree;  so  that 
he  was  a  very  useful,  tho*  not  a  capital  performer — 
(Davies  and  B.  Z>.) — Churchill  is  very  severe  on 
him  in  the  Rosciad. 

Q2 


228  »-L.  1768-1769. 


Harvard's  characters —  selection  only. 

G.  F.  1730-1731.     Fenton  in  Merry  Wives. 

Havard  continued  in  Giffard's  company  at  G.  F. 
and  L.  I.  F.  till  the  Licensing  Act  in  1737. 

D.  L.  1737-1738.  Horatio  in  Hamlet— Frederick 
in  Miser. 

1738.1739.  Col.  Standard — Trueman  in  Twin 
Rivals. 

1739-1740.     Fairfax  in  Charles  the  1st. 

1740-1741.     Lorenzo  in  Merchant  of  Venice. 

1741-1742.  Voltore  in  Volpone — Portias  in  Cato 
— Mellefont  in  D.  D.— Macduff— Castalio— Edgar. 

1742-1743.  Valentine  in  Love  for  Love — Rich- 
mond— Moneses. 

1744-1 745.  Myrtle — Pylades — Priuli  —  Bassanio 
— King  of  France  in  King  John — Cassio. 

1745-1746.     Lord  Guilford  Dudley. 

C.  G.  1746-1747.     Juba  — Polydore  —  Carlos  in 
Revenge — *  Captain  Loveit  in  Miss  in  her  Teens — 
^Bellamy  in    Suspicious  Husband — Hastings — Hot- 
spur. 

D.  L.    1747-1748.      Constant  in  P.  W.— Frankly 
in   S.  H. — Dauphin  in  Henry  5th — *Col.  Raymond 
in  Foundling. 

1748-1749.  Horatio  in  F.  P— lago— Friar  Law- 
rence— Osmond  in  Tancred  and  Sigismunda — Manly 
in  P.  H.— *Polyphontes  in  Merope— George  Barn- 
well. 

1749-1750.  Loveless  in  Love's  last  Shift— *  Ar- 
nold in  Edward  the  Black  Prince— Villeroy  in  Fatal 
Marriage. 


D.  L.  1768-1769.  229 

1750-1751.  Young  Bevii  —  Fainall  —  Dumont- 
Careless  in  Double  Gallant. 

1751-1752.  Alonzo  in  Revenge  —  Gardiner  in 
Lady  Jane  Gray. 

1752-1753.     Tamerlane— Ford. 

1753-1754.     Loveless  in  Relapse — Nerestan. 

1754-1755.     'Othman  in  Barbarossa — Angelo. 

1755-1756.     *Polixenes  in  Winter's  Tale  altered. 

1756-1757.     Sempronius — Amphitryon. 

1757-1758.     Archbishop  of  York  — Cranmer. 

1758-1759.  Richmond — Timurkan  in  Orphan  of 
China — *Arden  of  Feversham  in  ditto. 

1760-1761.     Prospero— Sciolto. 

1761-1762.     Adam  in  As  you  like  it — Wolsey. 

1762-1763.  King  in  Henry  4th  part  1st— King  of 
France  in  All's  Well  —  Belarius  —  Henry  6th  in 
Richard  3d. 

1763-1764.     Sir  Charles  Easy— Aboan. 

1765-1766.     Thorovvgood — Hubert  in  King  John. 

1766-1767.  Eumenes  in  Siege  of  Damascus — Sir 
William  Douglas  in  English  Merchant  — *uEson  in 
Medea. 

1767-1768.     *Megistus  in  Zenobia. 

*  Originally. 


Mrs.  Clive  could  have  continued  several  years 
longer  to  delight  the  public  in  various  characters 
suited  to  her  figure  and  time  of  life,  if  she  had  chosen 
it,  for  to  the  last  she  was  admirable  and  unrivalled — 
if  ever  there  was  a  true  Comic  Genius,  Mrs.  Clive 
was  one — she  was  never  equalled  in  her  walk  by  any 


230  D.  L.   1768-1769. 

preceding  actress  ;  and  will  in  all  human  probability 
never  be  excelled — she  was  always  inimitable,  when- 
ever she  appeared  in  strong  marked  characters  in 
middle  or  low  life — her  Nell  was  nature  itself— and 
the  spirit,  roguery,  and  speaking  looks  of  her  cham- 
bermaids, accompanied  with  the  most  expressive 
voice,  that  ever  satisfied  the  ears  of  an  audience, 
made  her  an  irreparable  loss  —  (Victor) — she  ex- 
celled also  in  characters  of  caprice  and  affectation 
from  the  high-bred  Lady  Fanciful  to  the  vulgar  Mrs. 
Heidelberg ;  in  country  girls,  romps,  hoydens  and 
dowdies,  superannuated  beauties,  viragos  and  hu- 
mourists—she had  an  inimitable  talent  in  ridiculing 
the  extravagant  action  and  impertinent  consequence 
of  an  Opera-singer — of  which  she  gave  an  excellent 
specimen  in  Lethe — her  mirth  was  so  genuine,  that 
whether  it  was  restrained  to  the  arch  sneer,  and  sup- 
pressed half-laugh,  or  extended  to  the  downright 
honest  burst  of  loud  laughter,  the  audience  was  sure 
to  accompany  her — she  occasionally  exerted  herself 
for  the  interest  of  others  ;  and  at  one  time  resigned 
the  part  of  Polly  to  Miss  Edwards,  a  young  actress 
whom  she  had  instructed — she  then  undertook  Lucy, 
which  she  played  inimitably — and  to  Mrs.  dive's 
lessons  and  countenance  as  well  as  her  own  industry 
and  abilities,  the  public  was  indebted  for  that  valu- 
able actress  Miss  Pope — it  was  the  wish  of  Mrs. 
dive's  life  to  act  female  parts  of  importance  with 
Garrick — whenever  she  could  thrust  herself  into  a 
play  with  him,  she  always  exerted  her  utmost  skill  to 
excel  ;  and  particularly  in  Bisarre  in  the  Inconstant, 
when  he  acted  Duretete — he  seems  to  have  studiously 
avoided  a  struggle  for  victory  with  her,  which  she 


D.  L.   1768-1769.  231 

attributed  to  his  dread  of  her  getting  the  better  of 

him — she  certainly  was  true  game,  as  her  friend  Lacy 

the  Manager  expressed  it;  and  would  have  died  upon 

the  spot  rather  than  have  yielded  the  field  of  battle 

to  any  body — (DaviesJ — Garrick,  tho*  as  Manager 

he  was  very  lordly  over  great  and  small,  yet  dreaded 

Mrs.  Clive,  and  whenever  a  dispute  arose  between 

them,  was  glad  to  make  it  a  drawn  battle — she  was 

conscious  of  this,  and  nothing  gave  her  more  inward 

joy  and  triumph,  than  to  find  he  was  sometimes  afraid 

to  meet  her — the  thought  of  subduing  Garrick  was 

to  her  of  all  satisfactions  the  greatest — Garrick  was 

the  most  rigid  man  in  the  world  as  to  stage  discipline  ; 

but  a  sly  joke,  whispered  by  Mrs.  Clive  in  her  good 

humour,  put  him  so  off  his  guard  that  he  could  not 

finish  the  Way  to  keep  him,  but  was  obliged  after  2 

or  3  efforts  to  make  his  bow  amidst  a  roar  of  laughter 

— (Wilkinson) — this  anecdote  at  first  appears  to  be 

incorrect,  as  Muslin  is  not  on  the  stage  in  the  last 

scene  of  the  Way  to  keep  him  as  now  acted — in 

justice  to  Wilkinson  it  should  be  observed  that  when 

that  Comedy  came  out  originally  in  3  acts,  Muslin 

entered  in  the  last  scene,  crying  and  apologizing  to 

her  mistress  about  the  letter. 


Mrs.   dive's  characters. 

D.  L.  1728-1729— as  Miss  Raftor— Ismenes  in 
Mithridates — Dorinda  in  Tempest — *Phillida  in  Love 
in  a  Riddle — Honoria  in  Love  makes  a  Man — Ro- 
sella  in  Village  Opera — Valeria  in  Rover — *Flora  in 


232  D.  L.   1768-1769. 

Lover's  Opera— Phebe  in  ditto — Maria  in  Whig  and 
Tory — Arethusa  in  Contrivances. 

1729-1730.  Bianca  in  Othello— *  Kitty  in  Hu- 
mours of  Oxford — *Dulceda  in  Bays'  Opera — Miss 
Jenny  in  Provoked  Husband — Serena  in  Orphan. 

1730-1731.  *Amie  in  Jovial  Crew  as  Opera  — 
*Nanny  in  Highland  Fair — Miss  Prue — Peggy  in 
Gentle  Shepherd  altered — Amphitrite  in  Tempest 
altered — Bonvica  in  Bonduca  altered —Jenny  Mel- 
ton in  Amours  of  Billingsgate  —  *Nell  in  Devil  to 
Pay — *Urania  in  Triumphs  of  Love  and  Honour. 

1731-1732.  Win  Littlewit  in  Bartholomew  Fair 
— *Cloe  in  Lottery — Lucy  in  Lover's  Opera — *Isabel 
in  Debauchees  —  *Kissanda  in  Covent  Garden 
Tragedy. 

1732-1733.  *Dorcas  in  Mock  Doctor— *Flametta 
in  Devil  of  a  Duke — Silvia  in  Old  Batchelor — Kitty 
Carrot  in  What  d'ye  call  it — *  Betty  in  Betty,  or 
Country  Bumpkins — Leonora  in  Sir  Courtly  Nice — 
*Procris  in  Cephalus  and  Procris — *  Cicely  in  Wat 
Tyler — Cydaria  in  Indian  Emperour — Belinda  in 
Man  of  the  Mode — *Miss  Jenny  in  Boarding  School 
— Thalia  in  Judgment  of  Paris — *  Lappet — Edging 
— Phillis  in  Conscious  Lovers — *Deborah  in  ditto  — 
Miss  Kitty  in  Harlot's  Progress — *Mrs.  Fancifull  in 
Imaginary  Cuckold  —  *  Phillis  in  Livery  Rake — 
*  Venus  in  Damon  and  Daphne. 

1733-1734.  As  Miss  Raftor— Doris  in  ^Esop— 
Estifania — as  Mrs.  Clive — Cherry — Diana  in  Harle- 
quin Dr.  Faustus  —  Polly  Peachum  —  Elvira  in 
Spanish  Fryar — Dollalolla  in  Opera  of  Operas,  or 
Tom  Thumb — Miranda  in  B.  B. — *  Mercury  or 
Aspasia  rn  Timori  in  Love — *Lettice  in  Intriguing 


D.L.    1768-1769.  233 

Chambermaid — Harriet  in  Author's  Farce — Mrs. 
Novel  in  Pleasures  of  the  Town — "Columbine  in 
Cupid  and  Psyche—  Flippanta— Desdemona. 

1734.1735.  Primrose  in  Mother  in  law— Miss 
Hoyden  —  *  Country  Lass  in  a  Pantomime  called 
Merlin,  or  Devil  at  Stone- Henge — *Miss  Lucy  in 
Old  Man  taught  Wisdom,  or  Virgin  Unmasked  — 
Country  Wife — *  Peg  in  Cure  for  a  Scold— *Maria 
in  Man  of  Taste — Ophelia— Lady  Wou'dbe  in  Vol- 
pone  —  Lady  Fanciful— *  Nell  in  Merry  Cobler. 

1735-1736  Lady  Froth— Aurelia  in  Twin  Rivals 
— *FIavia  in  Connoisseur — Biddy  Tipkin. 

173f>-1737.  Arabella  in  Wife's  Relief— *  Liberia 
in  Universal  Passion —Mrs.  Brittle  in  Amorous  Wi- 
dow— *Clymene  in  Fall  of  Phaeton. 

1737-1738.  Narcissa  in  Love's  last  Shift— Olivia 
in  Plain  Dealer — *Miss  Kitty  in  Coffee-house — 
*Violetta  in  Art  and  Nature — *Miss  Kitty  in  Sir 
John  Cockle  at  Court — *Euphrosyne  in  Comus — 
Isabella  in  Squire  of  Alsatia — Lsetitia  in  O.  B. 

1738-1739.  Columbine  Courtezan  —  Viletta  in 
She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not  —  Hillaria  in  Tunbridge 
Walks — Lady  Sadlife  —  Anne  Lovely  in  Bold  Stroke 
for  a  Wife — Mrs.  Loveit  in  Man  of  the  Mode— Miss 
Notable  in  Lady's  last  Stake. 

1739-1740.  *  Daughter  in  Hospital  for  Fools— 2d 
Constantia — *Miss  Kitty  in  Britons  Strike  Home — 
Rosamond  in  ditto— Millamant — *Miss  Lucy  in 
Lethe — *Miss  Notable  in  Polite  Conversation. 

At  Clifden.     *Emma  in  Alfred. 

1740-1741.  Manto  in  (Edipus— Emilia  in  Fond 
Husband— Celia  in  As  you  like  it — Olivia  in  Twelfth 


234  D.  L.  1768-1769. 

Night— Lady  Townly — Portia  in  M.  of  V. — *Bessy 
in  Blind  Beggar  of  Bethnal  Green. 

1741.1742.  Lady  Lurewell — *Wife  in  Miss  Lucy 
in  Town. 

1742-1743.  Kitty  Pry  in  Lying  Valet— Bayes  in 
Rehearsal. 

C.  G.  1743-1744.     Hero    in  Necromancer — Mo- 
rayma  in  Don  Sebastian — Belinda  in  O.  B. 

1744-1745.  Rhodope  in  Orpheus  and  Eurydice 
— Lucy  Lockit. 

D.  L.  1745-1746.     It  was  probably  at  the  begin- 
ning of  this  season  that  Mrs.  Clive  played  Margaret 
in  King  Pepin — Ariel — *Columbine  Cameron — Me- 
lantha  in  Comical  Lovers — Lucinda  in  She  Gallants 
— Victoria   in   Lying  Lover — *  Philander  in   Opera 
called  Love  and  Friendship — in  Jovial  Crew — pro- 
bably Rachel— Clarinda  in  Sea  Voyage. 

1746-1747.  Sophroriia  in  Refusal — Queen  Elinor 
in  Rosamond — Lillia-Biancha  in  Wild-Goose  Chase 
— Margerina  in  Dragon  of  Wan  tley — Betty  in  Marry 
or  do  worse — Pheedra  in  Amphitryon. 

1747-1748.  Tag  in  Miss  in  her  Teens — *in 
George  Dandin — Pallas  in  Judgment  of  Paris. 

1748-1749.  Lady  Wronghead  —  *Mrs.  Riot  in 
Lethe  altered — *lst  Shepherdess  in  a  Masque  called 
the  Triumph  of  Peace — Clarinda  in  S.  H. 

1749-1750.  Lady  Harriet  in  Funeral  —  Lady 
Squeamish  in  Friendship  in  Fashion — *Mrs.  Hazard 
in  Rehearsal,  or  Bays  in  Petticoats. 

1750-1751.  Mrs.  Marwood—  *in  Robin  Hood 
Mus.  Ent. — Bisarre — *in  a  Lick  at  the  Town. 

1751-1752.  Girtred  in  Eastward  Hoe— *iri  Shep- 
herd's Lottery. 


D.  L.   1768-1769.  235 

1752-1753.  Lady  Haughty  in  S.  W.— Zara  in 
M.  B. 

1753-1754.  Mrs.  Frail— *  Princess  in  Operetta 
called  the  London  Apprentice. 

1754-1755.  Abigail  in  Drummer —  Mother-in- 
law  in  Chances — Jacinta  in  Mistake. 

1755-1756.  Catharine  in  C.  and  P.  -  -  Lady 
Wronglove  in  L.  L.  S. 

1756-1757.  Flora  in  Wonder— *  Mrs.  Cadwal- 
lader. 

1757-1758.  Lady  Wishfort  —  *Slipslop  (Mrs. 
Termagant)  in  Upholsterer. 

1758-1759.     Patch  in  B.  B.— *Lucy  in]Guardian. 

1759-1760.  *Kitty  in  High  Life  —  *Muslin  in 
Way  to  keep  him  —  *in  Every  Woman  in  her 
Humour. 

1760-1761.  *Lady  Freelove  in  Jealous  Wife  — 
*in  Island  of  Slaves. 

1761-1762.     *Lady  Beverley  in  School  for  Lovers. 

1762-1763.  Old  Maid  —  *in  Sketch  of  a  Fine 
Lady's  return  from  a  Rout. 

1763-1764.    Mrs.  Sneak— *Mrs.  Friendly  in  Dupe. 

1764-1765.  *Lisetta  in  Capricious  Lovers — *Lady 
Fanshaw  in  Platonic  Wife — *Faithful  Irishwoman  in 
ditto. 

1765-1766.  *Widow  Blackacre  in  Plain  Dealer 
altered — *Mrs.  Heidelberg. 

1766-1767.     No  new  character. 

1767-1768.  *Lady  Fuz  in  Peep  behind  the  Cur- 
tain—*  Sift  in  Widowed  Wife. 

1768-1769.     *Mrs.  Winifred  in  School  for  Rakes. 

*    Originally. 


236  C.G.   1768-1769. 

Mrs.  Clive  had  to  the  last  an  inclination  to  figure 
in  parts  ill  adapted,  not  only  to  her  genius,  but  to 
her  age  and  person — this  involved  her  in  disputes, 
from  which  she  had  the  good  fortune  to  extricate  her- 
self hy  her  undaunted  spirit — at  a  time  of  life  when 
she  was  utterly  unfit  to  represent  a  girl  of  sixteen, 
Garrick  prevailed  on  her  to  give  up  Miss  Prue,  by 
assigning  to  her  Mrs.  Frail,  a  part  in  the  same  play, 
almost  as  unfit  for  her  figure  as  the  other — (Davies 
and  Victor)  —  the  applause  with  which  she  acted 
Portia  for  many  years,  was  disgraceful  both  to  her- 
self and  the  audience— the  spirited  scene  she  spoke 
with  the  same  delicacy,  as  if  she  had  been  acting 
Lappet  or  FJippanta — and  in  the  blank  verse  she 
was  awkwardly  dissonant  -  in  the  trial  scene,  which 
the  author  beyond  a  doubt  meant  to  be  solemn  and 
affecting,  she  turned  the  whole  into  burlesque  by  her 

inimickry  of  some  well-known  lawyer she  was 

so  absurd  as  to  act  Zara  for  her  benefit  in  YJ53 — 
her  voice  was  dreadful  for  serious  speaking — her 
person  rendered  all  the  King's  amorous  compliments 
ludicrous,  and  justified  Osmyn's  coolness,  even  if 
he  had  had  no  other  attachment.  (Dram.  Censor.) 


C.  G.  1768-1769. 

Sep.  19.     Maid  of  the  Mill,  with  Old  Maid  by 
Mrs.  Barrington. 


c.  G.   1768-17W.  237 

21.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour. 

22.  Richard  3d  =  Smith  :    Richmond  =  Clarke : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Ward  :  Lady  Anne  =  Mrs.  Lessingham. 

23.  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not. 

26.  Romeo  and  Juliet  =  Powell  and  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

27.  Miser.    Mariana  =  M rs.  Bulkley. 

29.  Busy  Body 30.  Provoked  Husband. 

Oct.  1.  By  particular  desire — before  the  King  of 
Denmark — Jane  Shore — Mrs.  Bellamy  acted  Alicia, 
and  being  displeased  with  the  King  for  falling  asleep, 
she  drew  near  to  his  Box,  and  with  a  most  violent 
exertion  of  voice  which  the  part  admitted  of,  cried 
out  "  Oh!  thou  false  Lord !"— thus,  like  Macbeth, 
she  murdered  sleep,  and  revenged  herself  on  his 
Majesty;  who  declared  he  would  not  be  married  to 
a  woman  with  such  a  voice  for  the  world. 

The  Royal  Garland,  a  musical  trifle  in  honour  of 
the  King  of  Denmark,  came  out  about  this  time — it 
was  printed  in  1768 — it  is  attributed  to  Bickerstaffe. 
Genius  of  England  ^Mahon  :  Old  Shepherd  —  Barn- 
shaw  :  Young  Shepherd  =  Du-Bellamy:  Calliope  = 
Mrs.  Baker  :  Young  Shepherdess  =  Mrs.  Mattocks : 
— the  Genius  of  England  asks  Calliope,  if  the  royal 
stranger  shall  depart  unhonoured  of  the  muse? — 
Calliope  replies,  that  Britannia's  sons  can  speak  their 
gratitude  without  her  aid— in  the  last  scene  a  large 
coronet  of  flowers  appears,  and  the  piece  concludes 
with  a  Garland  Dance. 

4.  Merry  Wives.  Falstaff=  Shuter:  Ford  =  Powell, 
1st  time  :  Sir  Hugh  Evans  =  Yates :  Slender  =  Wood- 
ward: Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Bulkley: — with  Apprentice. 
Dick  =  Woodward. 

6.  Recruiting  Officer 7«    Beggar's  Opera. 


238  C.G.   1768-1769. 

10.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife. 

12.  Fair  Penitent— 15.  Wonder— 17-  Macbeth. 

24.  Mahomet.  Zaphna^Wroughton,  his  1st  ap- 
pearance : — rest  as  Dec.  8  1767. 

26.  Never  acted  there,  Countess  of  Salisbury.  Al- 
win  =  Powell :  Countess  =  Mrs.  Yates. 

Nov.  4.  Henry  5th.  Pistol  =  Hamilton,  1st  ap- 
pearance : — with  Coronation. 

5.   Richard  3d.     Tressel  =  Wroughton,  1st  time. 

8.  Way  to  keep  him.  Sir  Brilliant  Fashion  = 
Bensley  :  Mrs.  Lovemore  =  Mrs.  Yates : — rest  as 
March  24  1768. 

14.  Countess  of  Salisbury.     Raymond  =  Bensley. 

19.  Zara.  Nerestan  =  Wroughton :  Zara=Mrd. 
Yates. 

24.  Venice  Preserved — as  Sep.  16  1767. 

26.  Romeo  and  Juliet.  Romeo  (with  an  occa- 
sional Prologue)  =  Powell :  Juliet  =  Miss  Morris,  her 
1st  appearance. 

28.  Romeo,  with  Country  Wife. 

Dec.  3.  Never  acted,  Cyrus.  Cyrus  (the  son  of 
Cambyses  and  Mandane)  =  Powell  :  Cambyses  = 
Smith  :  Mithranes  =  Bensley :  Astyages  (King  of 
Media)  =  Clarke  :  Harpagus  =  Hull :  Maridane 
(daughter  of  Astyages)  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Aspasia 
(daughter  of  Harpagus)  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — acted 
21  times — above  20  years  before  the  play  begins, 
Astyages  had  given  Mandane  in  marriage  to  Cam- 
byses— on  the  birth  of  Cyrus,  Astyages,  in  conse- 
quence of  a  dream,  had  ordered  Harpagus  to  destroy 
him — Harpagus  had  given  the  child  to  Mithranes — 
Mithranes  had  brought  him  up  as  his  own  son,  and 
under  the  name  of  Alcseus— Cambyses  had  been  sent 


c.  o.  1768-1769.  239 

into  banishment — the  scene  lies  on  the  borders  of 
Media — Astyages  had  been  informed  that  Cyrus  was 
alive — he  now  promises  to  restore  him  to  Mandane 
— Mithranes  informs  Cyrus  who  he  really  is — Asty- 
ages expresses  to  Mithranes  his  wish  to  have  Cyrus 
murdered — Mithranes  offers  his  son  to  Astyages  for 
the  purpose — an  impostor  had  assumed  the  name  of 
Cyrus — Cyrus  kills  the  impostor,  but  in  self-defence 
—  Cyrus,  as  Alcaeus,  is  taken  into  custody  for  the 
murder — Mandane  believes  that  Alcaeus  had  killed 
her  son  —  Mithranes   tells   Mandane  that    Alcaeus 
is  Cyrus — in  the  4th  act,  Cambyses  and  Mandane 
meet  —  Cambyses  had  overheard   the  conversation 
between  Astyages  and  Mithranes  in  the  2d  act — 
he  believes  that  Alcaeus  is  really  the  son  of  Mith- 
ranes, and  that  he  had  killed  Cyrus — Cambyses  and 
Mandane  are  very  desirous  to  revenge  themselves 
on   Alcaeus — Mandane  reproaches   Mithranes   with 
treachery — and  tells  him,  with  exultation,  that  Cam- 
byses is  gone  to  kill  Alcaeus — Mithranes  runs  off 
in  the   hope   of  saving   him — Harpagus   convinces 
Mandane  that  Cyrus  and  Alcaeus  are  the  same  person 
— Mandane  is   struck  with  the  utmost  horror — on 
seeing  Cambyses  enter  with  his  sword  bloody,  she 
swoons — while  she  is  in  the  swoon  Cambyses  attacks 
Cyrus — she   recovers  in  time  to  prevent  any  farther 
mischief — Harpagus  had  long  meditated  vengeance 
on  Astyages  for  the  murder  of  his  son—  he  and  As- 
tyages fight — each  of  them  is  killed — Cyrus  succeeds 
to  the  throne — this  T.  seems  to  have  been  originally 
an    Opera   by  Metastasio — it  was   adapted   to  the 
English  stage  by  Hoole— the  last  scene  of  the  4th 
act  is  excellent — the  rest  of  the  play  has  but  little  to 


240  c.  G.   1768-1769. 

recommend  it — the  making  of  an  impostor  to  assume 
the  name  of  Cyrus  is  absurd,  and  in  other  respects 
Hoole  has  deviated  too  far  from  the  real  story — for 
which  see  Herodotus  book  1st — Mrs.  Yates  acted 
Mandane  admirably,  and  the  other  characters  were 
well  supported — see  Dramatic  Censor. 

16.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Carlos  =  Bensley  :  Clo- 
dio  =  Woodward  :  Don  Lewis  =  Shuter  :  Angelina  = 
Mrs.  Bulkley. 

20.  Towards  raising  a  Fund,  (probably  a  Theatrical 
Fund)  King  Lear — tho'  Colman's  alteration  of  Lear 
was  not  so  successful  as  it  deserved  to  be,  yet  it  cer- 
tainly kept  possession  of  the  stage  at  C.  G.  till  1770 
(see  Dram.  Censor)  and  in  all  probability  as  long  as 
Colman  continued  Manager. 

22.  Inconstant. 

Jan.  1.  Hamlet  =  Smith  :  Horatio  =  Hull :  Queen 
=  Mrs.  Ward. 

11,  King  Lear.     Cordelia  =  Miss  Morris. 

12.  Stratagem. 

14.  Never  acted,  Tom  Jones.  Western  =  Shuter  : 
Jones  =  Mattocks  :  Supple  =  Barnshaw  :  Allworthy 
—  Gibson  :  Blifil  =  Gardner  :  Nightingale  =  Du-Bel- 
lamy  :  Old  Nightingale  =.  Morris  :  Mrs.  Western  = 
Mrs.  Green  :  Sophia=Mrs.  Pinto:  Honour  =  Mrs* 
Mattocks  :  Nancys  Mrs.  Baker  : — acted  13  times — 
the  characters  of  Western,  Mrs.  Western,  and 
Honour  are  well  hit  off — they  were  excellently  acted 
— this  piece  is  better  than  the  generality  of  Operas, 
but  it  wants  incident,  which  need  not  have  been  the 
case,  as  the  novel  furnished  plenty  of  materials  — 
Reed  says  he  has  stripped  the  hero  of  his  libertinism 
to  make  him  more  amiable  and  interesting — Tom 


c.  G.   1768-1769.  241 

Jones  is  by  this  supposed  amendment  reduced   to  a 
mere  walking  gentleman. 

28.  English  Merchant.     Amelia  =  Miss    Morris, 
1st  time. 

Feb.  3.  Roman  Father.     Valeria  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

16.  Powell's  bt.     Hamlet  =  Powell,   2d    time  :- 
he  repeated  the  part  on  Feb.  27  and  March  31. 

18.  Never  acted,  Sister.  Courteney  -  Powell : 
Lord  Clairville  =  Smith  :  Earl  of  Belmont  (his  father) 
=  Clarke  :  Miss  Autumn  (a  young  coquette)  —  Mrs. 
Bulkley:  Lady  Autumn  (her  step-mother — a  coquette 
of  50)=  Mrs.  Ward:  Miss  D'Arcy  (really  Miss 
Courteney)  =  Miss  Morris  :  Betty  =  Mrs.  Gardner  : 
— Lord  Belmont  had  given  Courteney  an  education 
suitable  to  his  birth,  as  being  the  son  of  a  particular 
friend — he  had  sent  him,  tho*  young,  as  a  tutor  to 
Lord  Clairville  on  the  continent — Lord  Clairville  had 
prevailed  on  Courteney  to  return  to  England  without 
his  father's  knowledge — they  had  become  intimate  in 
Lady  Autumn's  family,  under  the  assumed  names 
of  Belmour  and  Freeman — Lord  Clairville  is  in  love 
with  Miss  D'Arcy  who  is  in  a  dependent  situation  — 
Courteney  opposes  Lord  Clairville's  passion  for  her 
— his  opposition  is  encreased  when  he  discovers  that 
Miss  D'Arcy  is  his  sister— he  enjoins  her  a  strict 
silence  on  that  point — Lord  Clairville  believes  that 
Courteney  is  in  love  with  Miss  D'Arcy  himself — he 
gives  Courteney  a  challenge,  and  uses  such  expres- 
sions as  Courteney  cannot  brook — they  meet — Lord 
Clairville  fires  a  pistol  at  Courteney  and  misses  him 
—seemingly  on  purpose — Courteney  fires  his  pistol 
into  the  air — this  passes  behind  the  scenes —  in  the 
mean  time  Lord  Belmont  arrives  at  Windsor  where 

VOL.    V.  R 


242  c.  G.    1768-1769. 

the  scene  lies — he  at  first  strongly  reproaches  Cour- 
teney  for  his  ingratitude,  but  is  afterwards  so  sensible 
of  Courteney's  honourable  behaviour,  that  he  recom- 
mends Miss  Courteriey  to  his  son  for  a  wife — Miss 
Autumn  gives  her  hand  to  Courteney — this  awakens 
Lady  Autumn  from  her  dream — she  had  all  along 
fancied  that  Courteney  was  in  love  with  herself — 
this  C.  was  so  ill-treated  by  the  audience  on  the  1st 
night,  that  the  authoress,  Mrs.  Lennox,  had  spirit 
enough  to  withdraw  it  from  the  theatre — (  Victor) — 
it  is  certainly  deficient  in  cornic  force — but  it  is  well 
written  and  deserved  a  better  fate — Gen.  Burgoyne 
in  the  Heiress  is  completely  indebted  to  this  play 
for  the  characters  of  Lord  Gayville,  Clifford,  and 
Miss  Alton. 

March  11.  Woodward's  bt.  Cymbeline  and  Oxo- 
nian in  Town. 

13.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Yates.  Orestes — written  by 
Voltaire  and  translated  by  the  author  of  the  Earl  of 
Warwick.  Orestes  =  Smith  :  ^Egisthus  =  Bensley  : 
Pammenes  =  Clarke  :  Pylades  =  Perry:  Electra  — 
Mrs,  Yates  :  Clytemnestra  =.  Mrs.  Ward  :  Iphisa  = 
Mrs.  Bulkley  : — r.  &.— the  names  of  the  performers 
only  were  in  the  bill — the  characters  were  in  the 
D.  L.  bill  for  Oct.  15  1774. 

Each  of  the  three  Greek  Tragedians  has  written 
a  play  on  the  story  of  Orestes  and  Electra — they 
were  the  children  of  Agamemnon  and  Clytemnestra 
— Clytemnestra,  during  the  absence  of  her  husband, 
had  cohabited  with  ^Egisthus — Agamemnon  on  his 
return  from  Troy  had  been  killed  by  Clytemnestra 
andyEgisthus — Electra  had  contrived  to  send  off 
Orestes,  at  that  time  a  boy,  in  safety. 


c.  G.  1768-1769.  243 

^schylus  opens  his  Choephorae  with  the  return 
of  Orestes  to  Argos  —Orestes  cuts  off  a  lock  of  his 
hair  at  the  tomb  of  his  father — Clytemriestra,  being 
terrified  by  a  dream,  sends  Electra  and  the  Chorus 
of  Virgins  to  the  tomb  of  Agamemnon  with  certain 
expiatory  libations  —hence  the  name  of  the  play— 
Electra  finds  the  lock  of  hair,  arid  thinks  it  probable 
that  Orestes  had  returned — Orestes  makes  himself 
known  to  her — Orestes,  in  disguise,  tells  Clytem- 
nestra  that  her  son  is  dead  — Clytemnestra  sends  for 
^Egisthus  —  Orestes  kills  ^Egisthus  and  then  Cly- 
temnestra—he  at  first  rejoices  at  having  revenged 
his  father's  death,  and  is  then  agitated  by  the  Furies 
— he  determines  to  go  to  Delphi,  and  put  himself 
under  the  protection  of  Apollo. 

Sophocles  opens  his  Electra  with  the  return  of 
Orestes — Chrysothemis,  the  sister  of  Electra,  enters 
with  the  libations — she  is  of  a  less  resolute  dispo- 
sition than  Electra — Clytemnestra  vents  reproaches 
on  Agamemnon  for  having  sacrificed  Iphigenia — and 
endeavours  to  exculpate  herself  for  having  killed  him 
in  return — Electra  refutes  her — the  Tutor  of  Orestes 
relates  at  full  length  the  manner  of  his  death  to  Cly- 
temnestra— Chrysothemis  returns  from  the  tomb  of 
Agamemnon,  and  assigns  her  reasons  for  believing 
that  Orestes  had  returned — Electra  insists  that  he  is 
dead — Orestes  enters  with  the  urn  which  is  supposed 
to  contain  his  ashes — Electra  implores  him  to  put  it 
into  her  hands — she  laments  over  it — Orestes  con- 
cludes her  to  be  Electra,  and  discovers  himself  to 
her — Electra's  joy  is  now  as  excessive  as  her  grief 
was  before — the  Tutor  enters,  and  blames  them  for 
their  want  of  caution — Orestes  goes  into  the  house 

n  2 


244  c   G.  1768-17«9. 

— and  not  long  after,  the  cries  of  Clytemnestra  are 
heard  from  within — Electra,  from  the  stage,  tells 
Orestes  to  repeat  his  blow — the  Greek  Tragedies 
rarely  afford  what  on  the  modern  stage  is  called  a 
situation — hut  here  a  striking  one  occurs — Orestes 
brings  in  the  dead  body  of  Clytemnestra,  but  so 
covered  that  it  cannot  be  seen — .ZEgisthus  uncovers 
it  expecting  to  see  Orestes,  instead  of  whom  he  sees 
Clytemnestra — a  conviction  of  his  own  fate  instantly 
flashes  on  his  mind— Orestes  dooms  him  to  be  put 
to  death  on  the  very  spot  on  which  he  had  killed 
Agamemnon. 

According  to  Euripides,  Electra  had  been  forced 
to  marry  a  man  who  is  poor,  but  of  a  noble  dispo- 
sition— he  treats  her  with  respect,  and  does  not  claim 
the  privileges  of  a  husband — Orestes  tells  Electra 
that  her  brother  is  alive,  but  does  not  discover  him- 
self— a  very  old  man,  who  had  been  Agamemnon's 
tutor,  knows  Orestes  by  a  scar  which  he  has — he 
tells  him  that  J3gisthus  is  come  into  the  country  to 
sacrifice  to  the  Nymphs — and  attended  only  by  his 
domestics — Electra  contrives  a  plan  for  the  death  of 
Clytemnestra — she  sends  her  word  that  she  is  brought 
to  bed  of  a  boy — Clytemnestra  comes  to  Electra's — 
they  dispute  as  in  Sophocles — Orestes  in  the  mean 
time  had  killed  ^Egisthus—  Clytemnestra  goes  into 
the  cottage,  where  she  is  killed  by  Orestes — Orestes 
and  Electra  return  to  the  stage — they  are  sorry  for 
what  they  have  done — Castor  and  Pollux  appear — 
they  direct  Orestes  to  give  Electra  to  Pylades — and 
to  go  to  Athens — they  tell  him  that  Apollo  will  take 
the  blame  of  Clytemnestra's  death  on  himself,  and 
that  he  will  be  acquitted  of  the  murder — Pylades  is 


c.  G.  1768-1769. 

a  mute  in  this  play— in  that  of  Sophocles  he  is  not 
one  of  the  D.  P. 

In  the  French  play,  Orestes  and  Pylades  are  ship- 
wrecked on  the  coast  of  Argos— they  do  not  know 
where  they  are  till  Pammenes  informs  them — Pam- 
menes  is  an  old  man  who  is  friendly  to  the  family  of 
Agamemnon  —  Orestes  discovers  himself  to  Pam- 
menes, but  not  to  Electra — he  tells  ^Egisthus  that  he 
had  killed  Orestes— Electra  makes  an  attempt  to 
stab  Orestes  as  the  murderer  of  her  brother — Orestes 
now  discovers  himself  to  her— in  the  5th  act,  ^Egis- 
thus  condemns  Orestes  and  Pylades  to  death  — Cly- 
temnestra  pleads  for  them — Orestes  makes  himself 
known  to  the  people,  who  side  with  him,  and  desert 
^Egisthus — Clytemnestra  defends  her  husband  from 
their  fury — Orestes  in  killing  ^Egisthus  unintention- 
ally kills  his  mother — Voltaire  has  founded  his  play 
on  the  Electra  of  Sophocles — he  has  altered£the 
story  in  many  points  for  the  worse,  and  in  none  for 
the  better  —he  has  completely  spoilt  the  character  of 
Clytemnestra — Iphisa  is  in  a  great  degree  the  same 
part  as  Chrysothemis — see  Orestes  in  Argos  C.  G. 
April  20  1825 — Voltaire  should  have  called  his  T. 
Electra — by  calling  it  Orestes,  he  makes  it  doubtful 
whether  it  was  taken  from  the  Electra  of  the  two 
Greek  poets,  or  from  the  Orestes  of  Euripides,  which 
is  a  sequel  to  Electra — Voltaire's  T.  with  all  its 
faults  is  far  from  a  bad  play— it  seems  not  to  have 
met  with  the  success  on  the  stage  that  it  deserved — 
he  says  in  a  note  that  he  had  written  his  catastrophe 
in  imitation  of  Sophocles — which  is  only  true  in  part 
— the  cries  of  Clytemnestra  are  heard  from  behind 
the  scenes  as  in  Sophocles — but  she  is  pleading  for 


246  c.  G.    1768-1769. 

the  life  of  her  husband,  and  not  for  her  own  life,  as 
in  the  Greek  play — when  Orestes  came  to  be  acted, 
Voltaire  was  obliged  to  suppress  Clytemnestra's  two 
short  speeches  in  the  last  scene,  for  fear  they  should 
create  a  laugh —he  observes,  that  nothing  is  more 
easy  arid  more  common  than  to  throw  ridicule  on  a 

theatrical  action  to  which  one  is  not  accustomed 

a  striking  instance  of  this  occurred  at  D.  L.  March 
2  1802  when  Lovers'  Resolutions  came  out — Major 
Manford  was  near  fainting — Lady  Caroline  ran  to 
his  assistance — tho*  there  was  nothing  unnatural,  or 
really  ridiculous  in  this  incident,  yet  the  audience 
laughed,  and  the  play  was  not  acted  a  second  time 
— see  Huniades  by  the  D.  L.  Company  at  Hay.  Jan. 
18  1792. 

14.  Smith's  bt.     Roman  Father. 

16.  Shuter's  bt.    Lionel  and  Clarissa,  with  Citizen. 

28.  Mrs.   Bellamy's  bt.      Albion   Queens,     (see 
May  13  1766)  With,  not  acted  20  years,  Walking 
Statue.  Toby  and  Statue  =  Woodward :  —rest  omitted 
— if  this  bill  be  correct,  a  considerable   alteration 
must  have  been  made  in  the  Farce,  as   Corporal 
Cuttum   the   Statue,   and  Toby  are  3  times  on  the 
stage  together. 

29.  For  bt.  of  Yates.     Medea.     Jason  =  Smith  : 
Creon^Wroughton  :  Medea  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Theano 
=  Mrs.  Ward: — with  Knights.     Hartop  =  Shuter  : 
Tim  =  Yates. 

April  1.  Miss  Macklin's  bt.  Refusal.  Sir  Gilbert 
Wrangle  =  Macklin  :  Frankly  =  Dyer:  Granger  = 
Hull :  Witling  =  Woodward  :  Charlotte  =  Miss 
Macklin:  Lady  Wrangle  =  Mrs.  Ward:  Sophronia 
is  omitted  : — with  Love  a-la-Mode.  Sir  Archy  — 


C.G.  1768-1769.  247 

Macklin  :   Sir  Callaghan  =  Shuter :  Squire  Groom 
=  Woodward. 

4.  Mrs.  Bulkley's  bt.  Jealous  Wife.  Mrs.  Oakly 
=  Mrs.  Bulkley :  Lady  Freelove  =  Mrs.  Green: — 
(see  Oct.  31  1767)  with  Guardian.  Heartly  = 
Clarke  :  Sir  Charles  Clackit  =  Yates  :  Young  Clackit 
=  Dyer:  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Bulkley:  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Green. 

7.  Dyer's  bt.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil 
=  Powell :  Tom  =  Dyer  :  Myrtle  =  Smith  :  Cimber- 
ton  =  Shuter  :  Indiana  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  :  Phillis  = 
Mrs.  Bulkley. 

10.  Mrs.  Ward's  bt.    London  Merchant.     George 
Barn-well  =.  Powell :  Milwood  =  Mrs.  Ward. 

11.  Gibson's  bt.     Roman  Father,   with  English- 
man  in  Paris.     Buck  =  King,  from  D.  L. 

12.  Clarke's  bt.     King  Lear. 

17-  Oroonoko.     Imoinda  — Mrs.  Yates. 

22.  Clandestine  Marriage.  Lord  Ogleby  =  Austin, 
from  Dublin  :  Sterling  —  Yates  :  Miss  Sterling  = 
Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Fanny —  Mrs.  Baddeley,  from  D.  L. 

26.  Mrs.  Green's  bt.  Countess  of  Salisbury,  with 
Catharine  and  Petruchio. 

May  1.  King  Lear.     Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

3.  King  John— as  Sep.  23  1767. 

4.  Wroughton  acted  Altamont  for  his  bt. 
9.  Mrs.  Bellamy  acted  Juliet. 

11.  Mrs.  Bulkley  acted  Lady  Townly. 
16.  Wroughton  acted  George  Barn  well. 
20.  Confederacy.     Corinna  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 
26.  Cyrus,  21st  time.     Cyrus  =  Powell — last  bill. 
(Bills  front  B.  M.) 


248  c.  G.    1768-1769. 

William  Powell  died  at  Bristol  July  the  3d  at  the 
age  of  34 — his  last  part  was  Jaffier — on  the  day  he 
died  the  actors  were  so  affected,  that  they  could 
scarcely  get  through  their  parts  in  Richard  the  3d 
— and  Holland  apologized — this  was  well  received 
by  the  audience — and  when  desired  to  accept  of  a 
change  for  the  Farce,  they  loudly  declared  their 
willingness  to  depart  without  any.  ( Town  and 
Country  Magazine.) 

Powell  was  very  happy  in  Sciolto  and  in  the  King  in 
Henry  4th  part  2d,  he  had  a  degree  of  pathos  in  old 
men,  in  which  he  was  only  surpassed  by  Garrick — 
in  Alexander  and  Castalio  he  was  certainly  inferiour 
to  Barry,  but  his  distance  was  not  disgraceful — in 
Othello  and  Posthumus  he  was  affecting  and  natural, 
but  not  capital — in  Lord  Townly  he  had  sensibility 
and  ease,  but  wanted  much  of  the  Nobleman,  and 
fell  short  in  the  character,  except  in  the  last  scene—- 
in King  John  he  was  too  boyish — on  the  whole,  he 
was  much  better  than  any  tragic  actor  he  left  behind 
him,  except  Garrick  and  Barry.  (Dram.  Censor.) 


PowelFs  characters. 

D.L.  1763-1764.  Philaster— Jaffier— Posthumus 
— Lusignan — King  in  Henry  4th  part  2d — Castalio— 
Lord  Townly — Alexander  the  Great — Publius  Ho- 
ratius — Othello  — Etan  in  Orphan  of  China  —  Sir 
Charles  Raymond  in  Foundling — Dumont — Leon — 
Oroonoko-  King  Henry  in  Richard  3d — Ghost  in 
Hamlet. 


HAY.  1769.  249 

1764-1765.  Lothario  —  Orestes  —  King  Lear  — 
*Lord  Frankland  in  Platonic  Wife— Herod  in  Mari- 
amne — Leontes. 

1765-1766.     Moneses  —  Alcanor  in  Mahomet  - 
*Lovewell  in  C.  [VI. — in   Heroic  Love,  Agamemnon 
or  Achilles— King  John— Antony  in  All  for  Love. 

1766-1767.  Phocyas— "King  Edward  in  Earl  of 
W. — *Lord  Falbridge  in  English  Merchant— Jason 
in  Medea — *JEneas  in  Dido  —in  False  Friend  —pro- 
bably Don  Pedro. 

C.  G.  1767-1768.     Chorus  in  Henry  5th— Romeo 

— Sir  William  Douglas  in  E.  M. — Hastings — Sciolto 

-  George  Barn  well  — Oakly  —  Bajazet  —  Horatius 

in  R.  F.  —  Don  Felix  —  Macbeth  —  *  Honey  wood  in 

Good-natured  Man — Hamlet. 

1768-1769.  Ford — Alwin  in  Countess  of  S. — 
*  Cyrus — *Courteney  in  Sister — Young  Bevil. 

*   Originally. 


HAY.  1769. 

The  Sultan,  or  Love  and  Fame,  was  printed  in  Jan. 
1770 ;  from  the  advertisement  prefixed  to  it,  it  ap- 
pears that  it  had  been  acted  at  this  theatre  in  the 
preceding  April  by  very  bad  performers — it  was 
written  by  Gentleman,  the  reputed  author  of  the 


250  HAY.  1769. 

Dramatic  Censor  in  1770,  and  of  the  notes  to  Bell's 
edition  of  Shakspeare — he  tells  us  that  his  plot  is 
founded  on  Turkish  History,  and  that  it  mostly  ad- 
heres to  facts — Osman,  the  Sultan,  and  Aphendina 
are  mutually  in  love — Almira  is  enraged  at  having 
been  deserted  by  the  Sultan — she  prevails  on  Solan, 
who  is  in  love  with  her,  to  join  in  a  conspiracy  with 
Orasmin,  &c.  against  the  Sultan — the  Sultan,  in  the 
disguise  of  a  Dervise,  visits  Solan,  and  reproaches 
him  with  ingratitude — Solan  acknowledges  the  jus- 
tice of  the  reproach,  and  returns  to  his  former 
loyalty — the  Sultan,  on  leaving  Solan,  is  seized  on 
by  the  rebels,  and  thrown  into  prison — three  Mutes, 
by  the  order  of  Orasmin,  are  on  the  point  of  strang- 
ling the  Sultan — Aphendina  stabs  herself — Solan  res- 
cues the  Sultan,  and  takes  Orasmin  prisoner — the 
Sultan  kills  himself,  not  choosing  to  survive  Aphen- 
dina— Almira  had  been  poisoned  by  Orasmin — this 
is  a  dull  T. — the  language  is  very  unnatural. 

When  the  Haymarket  opened  for  the  regular 
season,  Foote  had  nothing  new  of  his  own  to  pro- 
duce ;  the  general  business  of  the  theatre  however 
succeeded. 

Captive.  Cadi  =  Bannister  :  Ferdinand  (a  Spanish 
Captive)  =:Du-Bellamy:  Zorayda  (the  Cadi's  daugh- 
ter) —  Mrs.  Jewell  :  Fatima  (the  Cadi's  wife)  =  Mrs. 
Arthur  : — the  scene  lies  in  the  Cadi's  garden  near 
Algiers — this  musical  Farce  was  brought  out  in  the 
course  of  the  season  —it  was  written  by  Bickerstaffe, 
but  taken  from  Don  Sebastian — it  is  not  badly  put 
together,  but  the  scenes  are  much  better  in  the 
original — the  principal  alteration  which  Bicker staffe 
has  made  is,  that  the  Cadi  and  his  wife  are  glad  to 


HAY.  1769.  251 

make  their  escape  in  the  vessel  which  Ferdinand  had 
prepared  for  himself  and  Zorayda. 

Aug.  25.  Jewell's  bt.  Old  Batchelor.  Fondlewife 
=  Foote :  Heart  well  —  So  wdon :  Bellmour  —  J.  A  ikin : 
Sir  Joseph  Wittol  =  Hamilton  :  Noll  Bluff-  Sparks : 
Vainlove  =  Du-Bellamy:  Setter  =  Vandermere : 
Lsetitia  =  Mrs.  Gardner :  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Du-Bel- 
lamy :  Araminta  =  Mrs.  Dyer :  Silvia  =  Mrs.  Jef- 
feries  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Reade  : — end  of  act  the  4th  a 
favourite  air  in  the  Captive  by  Mrs.  Jewell : — after 
which  will  be  revived  the  Diversions  of  the  Morning. 
Lady  Pentweazle  =  Foote.  r.  b. 

30.  Othello.  Othello  =  Sheridan  :  Iago  =  So  wdon: 
Cassio  =.  J.  Aikin  :  Roderigo  —  Hamilton  :  Desde- 
mona  —Lady,  her  1st  appearance :  ^Emilia  =  Mrs. 
Jefferies  : — with  the  Padlock.    Don  Diego  =  Bannis- 
ter :  Mungo  =  Vandermere :  Leander  =  Du-Bellamy : 
Leonora  =  Mrs,  Jewell :  Ursula  =  Mrs.  Reade. 

To  Morrow,  the  Author's  night,  Dr.  Last  in  his 
Chariot,  with,  for  that  night  only,  never  acted  before, 
the  Ephesian  Matron,  r.  b. 

31.  Dr.  Last  in  his  Chariot.     Ailwou'd  —Foote: 
Dr.  Last  =  Weston  :  Friendly  =  Sowdon  :  Wag  (ser- 
vant to  Hargrave)  =  Bannister :  Hargrave  (in  love 
with  Nancy)  =  Davis  :  Prudence  —  Mrs.  Gardner : 
Mrs.  Ailwou'd  =  Mrs.  Jefferies  :  Nancy  (daughter  to 
Ailwou'd)  =  Miss  Ogilvie  :  Polly  =  Miss  Rose :   (or 
Ross) — this  C.  in  3  acts  was  written  by  Bickerstaffe 

—it  is  a  pretty  good  piece — it  deserved  better  success 

—the  bulk  of  it  is  taken  from  the  Imaginary  Invalid 

— see  the  10th  vol.  of  Moliere  1755— Wag  passes 

himself  on  Ailwou'd  for  a  Physician  instead  of  Pru- 


»•  L.  1769-1770. 

dence — Dr.  Last  is  a  continuation  of  Foote's  Dr. 
Last. 

The  Ephesian  Matron  is  a  musical  trifle  by  Bick- 
erstaffe— for  the  story  see  the  Widow's  Tears,  in  the 
4th  vol.  of  Dodsley  1744. 

Sep.  15.  Devil  upon  two  Sticks — Foote — Weston 
— Vandermere — Sparks — J.  Aikin —  Du-Bellamy — 
Bannister—Mrs.  Gardner,  and  Mrs.  Jewell— Mrs. 
Jewell  was  the  actress  who  played  Harriet  originally 
as  Miss  Edwards — the  Devil  upon  two  Sticks  was  not 
printed  till  after  Foote's  death. 

An  Edition  of  the  Lyar,  as  acted  at  the  Hay.,  was 
printed  in  1769.  Young  Wilding  =  Foote  :  Papillion 
=  Weston  :  Miss  Grantham  =  Mrs.  Jefferies  :  Miss 
Godfrey  =  Mrs.  Brown. 


D.  L.  1769-1770. 

A  Jubilee  in  honour  of  Shakspeare  was  in  Sep. 
celebrated  at  Stratford  under  the  direction  of  Gar- 
rick — of  which  Victor  gives  a  circumstantial  account 
— Murphy  likewise  mentions  some  particulars — he 
and  Foote  were  walking  on  the  banks  of  the  Avon 
— Foote  was  no  sooner  seen  than  a  crowd  assem- 
bled about  him — he  cracked  his  jokes,  and  peals  of 
laughter  resounded — on  a  sudden  a  tall  man,  prodi- 
giously corpulent  and  unwieldy,  broke  thro'  the  circle, 


D.  L.  1769-17TO.  253 

richly  dressed  in  gold-laced  clothes,  in  order  to  have 
conversation  with  a  famous  wit ;  Foote  paid  him 
several  compliments  and  then  asked  him — "  has  the 
"  county  of  Warwick  the  honour  of  giving  birth  to 
"you,  Sir,  as  well  as  to  Shakspeare?" — "No," 
said  the  uncouth  Gentleman  ;  "  I  come  out  of  Es- 
«  sex" — "  where  Sir?" — "  I  come  out  of  Essex"- 
"  out  of  Essex  !  "  said  Foote,  "  and  who  drove  you?" 
— a  loud  laugh  broke  out  at  once,  and  the  Essex  tra- 
veller rushed  away,  with  a  look  that  spoke  his  resolu- 
tion never  to  have  any  more  intercourse  with  a  man 
of  wit.  (Murphy.*) 

Foote,  either  from  envy  of  Garrick's  taking  the 
lead  in  this  business,  or  from  thinking  that  he  con- 
ducted it  with  too  much  vanity  and  self-ostentation, 
looked  with  a  jealous  eye  upon  the  whole,  and  hence 
took  every  little  occasion,  in  squibs,  sarcasms,  and 
bon-mots,  to  arraign  the  projector's  taste  and  ma- 
nagement. 

This  conduct,  however,  passed  off  with  a  laugh 
on  both  sides,  till  the  winter  following ;  when,  finding 
that  Garrick  meant  to  convert  his  Jubilee  into  an 
object  of  profit,  by  bringing  out  a  representation  of 
it  on  the  stage,  Foote's  spleen  could  be  restrained  no 
longer — he  played  off  his  powers  of  ridicule  on  every 
part  of  the  subject,  both  in  company  and  in  the  public 
papers  ;  particularly  on  the  Ode  on  erecting  a  Statue 
to  Shakspeare,  in  which  he  pointed  out  some  errors 
and  inaccuracies  with  such  force  of  humour,  as 
gained  the  greatest  part  of  the  laughers  on  his  side. 

He  carried  his  satire  still  further  ;  for,  finding 
that  the  entertainment  of  The  Stratford  Jubilee  ran 
to  ninety  nights  in  that  season,  his  jealousy  became 


D.L.  1769-1770. 

so  strong,  that  he  intended  to  bring  out  a  mock  pro- 
cession in  imitation  of  it,  and  introduce  Garrick  him- 
self on  the  stage  as  the  principal  figure — in  this  pro- 
cession, a  man  was  to  be  dressed  out  so  as  to  resemble 
Garrick  as  much  as  possible  in  the  character  of  Stew- 
ard of  the  Jubilee,  with  his  wand,  white-topped  gloves, 
and  the  mulberry- tree  medallion  of  Shakspeare  hang- 
ing at  his  breast ;  while  some  ragamuffin  in  the  pro- 
cession should  address  him  in  2  well  known  lines  of 
the  grossest  flattery — to  this  Garrick's  representative 
was  to  make  no  other  answer,  but  clap  his  arms,  like 
the  wings  of  a  cock,  and  crow  out,  Cock-a-doodle- 
doo  ! 

Garrick  had  early  intelligence  of  his  whole  scheme, 
and  the  uneasiness  which  he  felt  upon  the  occasion 
could  not  be  dissembled — he  dreaded  public  ridicule 
as  the  most  painful  of  all  misfortunes ;  and  in  the 
hands  of  such  a  man  as  Foote,  he  apprehended  the 
decay,  perhaps  the  ruin,  of  that  reputation  which 
was  ever  dear  to  him,  and  which  he  had  been  raising 
for  so  many  years — however,  suddenly  this  mighty 
project  fell  to  the  ground — a  Nobleman,  the  mutual 
friend  of  both,  seeing  Garrick  so  very  unhappy  about 
this  menaced  caricature,  prevailed  upon  Foote  to 
abandon  the  design — the  parties  met,  as  if  by  acci- 
dent, at  the  house  of  this  nobleman  ;  when,  alight- 
ing at  the  same  time  from  their  chariots  at  his  lord- 
ship's door,  and  exchanging  significant  looks  at  each 
other,  Garrick  broke  silence  first,  by  asking,  "  Is  it 
"  war  or  peace  ?" — "  Oh !  peace,  by  all  means,"  said 
the  other,  with  much  apparent  good-will ;  and  the 
day  was  spent  in  great  cordiality.  (Cooke  and 
Davies.) 


D.  L.  1769-1770.  255 

Sept.  16.  Clandestine  Marriage 19-  Hamlet. 

26.  School  for  Rakes.  Mrs.  Winifred  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins  : — she  was  a  very  poor  substitute  for  Mrs. 
Clive. 

30.  Country  Girl  =  Miss  Burton: — after  the  play 
will  be  performed  an  Ode  upon  dedicating  a  building 
and  erecting  a  statue  to  Shakspeare  at  Stratford 
upon  Avon  ;  in  the  manner  it  was  performed  there 
— the  speaking  part  by  Garrick — the  Songs  and 
Choruses  by  Vernon,  Champnes,  Mrs.  Baddeley, 
Mrs.  Scott,  Miss  Radley,  &c. — Ireland  says,  that 
tho'  Garrick  was  a  consummate  actor,  yet  he  thought 
that  no  man  who  had  heard  him  read  or  recite  his 
Jubilee  Ode  would  assert,  that  he  was  above  medio- 
crity in  reciting  or  reading — the  Ode  itself  was  repub- 
lished  with  a  whimsical  parody  on  it. 

Oct.  1.  Romeo  and  Juliet,  Romeo  =  Cautherley : 
Mercutio  =  Dodd  :  Juliet  =  Miss  Younge,  1st  time. 

4.  Cymon,  and  Ghost — (acted  but  once) — Capt. 
Constant  =  Cautherley:  Roger  =  Moody  :  Belinda  = 
Mrs.  W.  Barry:  Dolly  =  Mrs.  Love. 

6.  Stratagem.    Archer  =  King :   Scrub  =  Waldron, 
his  1st  appearance:  Boniface  =  Love :    Mrs.  Sullen 
=  Mrs.  Abington  :  Cherry  =  Miss  Pope. 

7.  King  Lear  =  Barry  :  Edgar  ^Reddish  :  Bastard 
=  Palmer :    Kent  =  Bransby  :  Gloster  =  Burton  : 
Gentleman  Usher  :=  Dodd  :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

9.  Tempest.     Miranda  =  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

10.  Provoked  Wife.     Sir  John  Brute  =  Garrick  : 
Constant  =  Cautherley  :    Heartfree  =  Aikin  :     Razor 
=  Baddeley  :    Col.   Bully  =  Vernon  :    Lady  Fanciful 
=  Mrs.  Abington  :    Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.   Stephens  : 


256  D.  L.   1769-1770. 

Belinda^ Mrs.  Jeffries:    Mademoiselle  —  Miss  Rad- 
ley,  1st  time. 

13.  As  you  like  it.      Touchstone  ~K  ing :  Jaques 
=  Love:  Orlando  =  Reddish  :    Adarn^  Moody:  Ro- 
salinda Mrs.  Barry  :  Celia— Mrs.  Baddeley. 

14.  School  for  Rakes,  with,   never  acted,  Jubilee. 
Ralph  =  King :  Irishman  =  Moody  :    Ballad  Singer  == 
Vernon  :     Ostler  =  Parsons  :    Country  Girls  =  Mrs. 
Baddeley  and  Miss  Radley  :  Margery  Jarvis  =  Mrs. 
Love  :    Female  Ballad  Singer  =  Mr.  Dibdin : — Pro- 
logue by  King — in  the  piece  will  be  introduced  the 
Pageant  as  it  was  intended  for  Stratford  upon  Avon 
—  Characters   in  Pageant —  Benedick  =  Garrick — 
Beatrice  =  Miss  Pope — Touchstone  =  King — Richard 
3d  =  Holland — Romeo  =  Brereton — Hamlet  =  Cau- 
therley — FalstafF—  Love — Lear  =  Reddish — Antony 

=  Aikin — Portia  —  Mrs.  W.  Barry — Apollo  —  Ver- 
nori — Tragic  Muse  =  Mrs.  Barry — Comic  Muse  = 
Mrs.  Abington — Miss  Younge's  name  is  not  noticed 
— but  no  doubt  she,  Palmer,  Parsons,  &c.  walked  in 
the  Pageant — Mrs.  Bradshaw  is  also  omitted  in  the 
bill  of  the  Jubilee — she  acted  Goody  Benson— a  par- 
ticular account  of  the  different  scenes  of  the  Jubilee, 
and  of  the  characters  that  walked  in  the  Pageant, 
may  be  met  with  in  the  notes  to  the  new  Edition  of 
Davies'  Life  of  Garrick  published  in  1808 Gar- 
rick  is  supposed  to  have  written  the  dialogue  of  the 
Jubilee ;  it  was  never  printed  having  been  intended 
merely  as  a  vehicle  for  introducing  the  Pageant — the 
D.  L.  Manuscript  was  burnt  with  the  theatre  in  1809 
— Elliston  borrowed  the  Bath  Copy,  and  lost  it — it 
no  doubt  existed  in  some  Provincial  theatre,  as  it 
was  performed  at  C.  G.  on  April  the  23d  181 6. 


D.  L.   1769-1770.  257 

Davies  says,  that  Steevens,  to  the  great  annoyance 
of  Garrick,  turned  the  whole  business  of  the  real 
Jubilee  at  Stratford  into  ridicule— and  indeed  it 
seems  to  have  been  a  foolish  affair,  better  calculated 
to  gratify  Garrick's  vanity,  than  to  do  honour  to 
Shakspeare — the  D.  L.  Jubilee  was  very  pleasing  in 
the  representation  and  was  acted  through  the  whole 
season  to  crowded  houses— the  Pageant,  which  was 
ingeniously  contrived,  and  judiciously  managed,  pro- 
ved one  of  the  most  magnificent  Spectacles  ever  ex- 
hibited on  the  stage  ;  and  had  the  singular  merit  of 
uniting  sense  with  show,  as  being  a  sort  of  dumb 
representation  of  many  of  Shakspeare's  best  scenes 
—For  the  Jubilee  at  Stratford  see  also  Cradock's 
Memoirs  vol.  1  p.  211 — it  was  not  only  a  foolish 
affair,  but  it  went  off  badly. 

17.  Plain  Dealer.     Jerry  Blackacre  =  W.  Palmer  : 
Widow  Blackacre  =  Mrs    Hopkins,  1st  time. 

19.  All  in  the  Wrong.     Sir  John  Restless  —  King  : 
Beverley  =  Cautherley  :  Belinda  =  Mrs.   Abington  : 
Lady  Restless  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

20.  Revenge.     Zanga  =  Holland  :  Alonzo  =  Red- 
dish :  C arlos  =  Jefferson  :  Leonora  =  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

21.  New  way  to  Pay  old  Debts.     Love — Burton — 
Waldron  —  Palmer — Cautherley— J.  Aikin — Moody 
— W.  Palmer — Mrs.  Hopkins — Miss  Younge — Mrs. 
Bradshaw — the  cast  was  probably — Sir  Giles  Over- 
reach =  Burton  :  Wellborn  =  Palmer  :  Justice  Greedy 
=  Love  :  Marrall  =  Waldron  :    All  worth  =  Cauther- 
ley :  Lord  Lovell=J.  Aikin:  Lady  All  worth  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins:  Margaret  =  Miss  Younge:  Froth  =  Mrs. 
Bradshaw:— this  is  the  2d    or  3d  time  that  Gar- 

VOL.  V.  S 


2,58  D.  L.   1769-1770. 

rick  revived  this  play  without  giving  it  a  fair 
chance  of  success — see  Oct.  19  1748 — and  May 
11  17^9. 

23.  Henry  4th  part  1st.  Falstaff  =  Love  :  Hot- 
spur =  Holland  :  King  =  Bannister  :  Prince  of  Wales 
=r  Cautherley  :  Sir  \Valter  Blunt  =  Palmer  :  Poins  = 
Packer :  Carriers  =  Moody  and  Parsons :  Lady 
Percy  =  Mrs.  Stephens  :  Hostess  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw  : 

the   characters   dressed  in    the   habits   of  the 

times. 

26.  Merchant  of  Venice.     Shylock  =  King  :    An- 
thonio  =  Reddish  :  Bassanio  — Cautherley  :  Gratiano 
=  Jefferson  :    Launcelot  =  W.   Palmer:    Gobbo  = 
Parsons:    Lorenzo  =  Vern  on  :  Portia  =  Mrs.  Abing- 
ton  :  Nerissa— Mrs.  Jefferies  :    Jessica  =  Mrs.  Bad- 
deley. 

27.  New  way  to  Pay  old  Debts,  3d  time. 

30.  Mourning  Bride.     Osmyn  =  Holland :  Kingzz 
J.  Aikin  :  Garcia  =  Palmer  :    Zara^Mrs.  Hopkins: 
Almeria  =  Miss  Younge,  1st  time. 

31.  Tancred  and   Sigismunda.     Tancred  =  Hol- 
land :  Si ffredi  =  Jefferson  :    Osmond  =  Aikin  :   Sigis- 
munda =  Mrs.  Barry. 

Nov.  1.  School  for   Lovers.      Lady   Beverley  — 
Mrs.  Hopkins,  1st  time. 

2.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  Townly  =  Barry : 
Sir  Francis  =  Love  :  Manly  =  Packer  :  Count  Bas- 
set =  Palmer:  John  Moody  =  Isaac  Sparks:  Squire 
Richard  =  W.  Palmer:  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Barry  : 
Lady  Wronghead  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Lady  Grace  = 
Mrs.  Stephens :  Miss  Jenny  =  Miss  Radley,  1st 
time. 


D.  L.   1769-1770.  259 

6.  Tamerlane  =  Aikin  :  Bajazet  =  Barry:  Mone- 
ses  — Reddish:  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Barry:  Selima  = 
Miss  Younge. 

8.  Conscious  Lovers.     Myrtle  =  Jefferson  :    Cim- 
berton  =  Love  :    Sealand  =  Aikin:    Phillis  =  Miss 
Pope  : — see  April  1  1769. 

9.  London   Merchant.      Maria  =  Miss   Younge, 
1st  time. 

11.  Fair  Penitent.  Horatio  =  Barry  :  Lothario  = 
Reddish,  1st  time  :  Sciolto^  Aikin  :  Calista  —  Mrs. 
Barry. 

13.  Richard  3d  =  Holland  :    Richmond  =  Aikin  : 
Henry  6th  =  Reddish :    Buckingham  =  Jefferson  : 
Tressel  =  Cautherley  :  Queens  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Lady 
Anne  =  Miss  Younge,  1st  time. 

14.  Much  ado.     Benedick  =  Garrick  :  Leonato^ 
Aikin:  Claud io  =  Cautherley. 

15.  Way  to  keep  him.     Mrs.    Lovemore  —  Mrs. 
Baddeley,  1st  time  :   Muslin  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

16.  Wonder.     Felix  =  Garrick  :    Col.   Briton  = 
Jefferson:  Gibby  =  Johnston  :  Flora  =  Miss  Pope. 

17.  Cymbeline.     Cloten  =  Jefferson  :  Guiderius  = 
Aikin  :  Arviragus  =  Palmer  :  Philario  =  Parsons. 

18.  Othello  =  Barry  :    lago  =  Holland  :    Cassio  = 
Palmer  :  Roderigo  =  Vernon  :    Desdemona  =  Mrs. 
Barry:  ^Emilia  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

21.  Earl  of  Essex.     Queen  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

22.  Alchemist.     Abel  Drugger  =  Garrick  :  Face  = 
Palmer :  Dol  Common  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

23.  Not  acted  9  years,  Amphitryon.      Jupiter  = 
Reddish:  Sosia  =  King:  Mercury  =  Jefferson  :    Am- 
phitryon =J.  Aikin  :  Ciripus  =  Parsons  :   Alcmena  = 
Miss  Younge  :  Phsedra  =  Miss  Pope. 

s  2 


260  D.  L.   1769-1770. 

24.  Countess  of  Salisbury. 

27.  Zingis.  Timur  =  Holland,  his  last  time  of  actings 

28.  Royal  Slave.     Oroonoko  —  Barry  :    Aboan  — 
Aikin  :  Lieut.    Governor  =  Palmer  :    Blandford  •= 
Jefferson:  Imoinda  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

29.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour.     Kitely  =  Gar- 
rick  :  Young  Knovvell  —  Aikin  :  Well  bred  =  Palmer  : 
Master  Stephen  —  W.  Palmer:    Brainworrn  —  Bad- 
deley  :  Dame  Kitely  •=.  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

Dec.  1.  Douglas  =  Brereton :  Old  Norval  = 
Packer:  Glenalvori  =  Palmer  :  Lord  Randolph  =. 
Jefferson:  Lady  Randolph  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

4,  Jealous  Wife.  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Oaklyrr  Reddish, 
and  Mrs.  Abington. 

6.  Suspicious  Husband.  Ranger  =  Garrick  : 
Frankly  =  Aikin  :  Jack  Meggot  =  Vernon :  Mrs. 
Strictland=  Mrs.  Stephens  :  Jacintha- Mrs.  Jeffries  : 
Clarinda  =  M iss  Pope. 

8.  Confederacy.  Brass  =  King:  Dick  =  Palmer  : 
Moneytrap  —  Parsons  :  Clarissa  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  (pro- 
bably Mrs.  W.  Barry)  Flippanta  —  Miss  Pope  :  Co- 
rinna  =  Mrs.  Abington. 

11.  Hypocrite.     Maw-worm  =  Weston,  his  1st  ap- 
pearance this  season. 

12.  Cymbeline.      Jachimo  =  Palmer,   1st   time  : 
Guiderius  =  Cautherley,  1  st  time  :  Arviragus= Brere- 
ton, 1st  time. 

13.  Jane  Shore.     Hastings  —  G  arr ick  :    Gloster— 
Love  :  (rest  as  Nov.  24-  1768) — with  Lyar.     Young 
Wilding  =  Palmer  :  Papillion  =.  Parsons,     r.  b. 

16.  Merry  Wives.  Ford  — Aikin,  1st  time  :  Slen- 
der =  Cautherley,  1st  time  :  Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Abing- 
ton, 1st  time. 


D.  L.  1769-1770.  261 

19.  Way  to  keep  him.  Lovemore  =  Cautherley, 
1st  time. 

23.  Not  acted  5  years,  Love  for  Love.  Valentine 
=  Reddish  :  Tattle  =  Dodd  :  Foresight  =  Parsons  : 
Ben  (with  a  song)=z  Moody  :  Sir  Sampson  Legend 
—  Barton  :  Scandal  =  Palmer  :  Jeremy  =  Baddeley  : 
Angelica  =  Miss  Younge  :  Mrs.  Frail  =  Mrs.  Jeffries  : 
Miss  Prue  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Mrs.  Foresight  =  Mrs. 
Reddish:  Nurses  Mrs.  Bradshaw. 

26.  London  Merchant.  Truemari  =:  Brereton,  1st 
time. 

Jan.  2.  Zara.  Lusignan  =  Garrick  :  Osman  — 
Reddish,  1st  time  :  Zara^Mrs.  Barry. 

4.  Macbeth  =  Barry  :  Macduff  =:  Reddish  :  Ban- 
quo  =  Packer :  Malcolm  =  Cautherley :  Rosse  = 
Aikiri  :  Wounded  Captain  =  J.  Aikin  :  Hecate  = 
Champnes  :  Witches  =  Burton,  Moody,  and  Bad- 
deley :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Barry:  Lady  Macduff 
n=Mrs.  Reddish. 

6.  Fair  Penitent,  with,  never  acted,  Trip  to  Scot- 
land. Cupid  =  Master  Cape:  Griskin  (a  wealthy 
citizen)  =  Parsons  :  Jemmy  Twinkle  (a  city  appren- 
tice) =  Brereton  :  Sotherton  (a  strolling  player)  =: 
Palmer:  Miss  Griskin  =  Miss  Pope:  Mrs.  Fillagree 
(her  governess,  and  housekeeper  to  Griskin)  =  Mrs. 
Bradshaw  :  Land lady  =  Mrs.  Love:  Miss  Flack  = 

Miss    Burton: the    author  calls   this   piece   a 

whimsical  trifle  -  Cupid  speaks  the  Prologue  in  the 
dress  of  a  postilion  —  Griskin  reproaches  Mrs.  Filla- 
gree  for  encouraging  Jemmy  Twinkle  to  visit  her 
and  his  niece— when  he  has  made  his  exit,  Fillagree 
lets  the  young  couple  out  of  a  closet,  and  advises 
them  to  set  off  for  Scotland — Miss  Griskin  is  rather 


D.  L.  1769-1770. 

afraid  to  take  so  decisive  a  step — Jemmy  is  very 
ardent  in  his  professions  of  love  for  her — at  last  he 
carries  her  off — Griskiri  pursues  them,  and  prevails 
on  Fillagree  to  accompany  him— the  scene  changes 
to  an  Inn  on  the  North  road — Miss  Griskin,  now 
Mrs.  Twinkle,  enters  on  her  return  from  Scotland 
— she  is  delighted  at  being  married — Jemmy's  ardour 
is  vastly  abated — Griskin  and  Mrs.  Fillagree  arrive 
at  the  Inn — Fillagree  consents  to  marry  Griskin  upon 
condition  that  he  will  forgive  his  niece — several  young 
couples  run  in  —  particularly  Sotherton  and  Miss 
Flack this  excellent  Farce  is  attributed  to  White- 
head — Mrs.  Fillagree's  extreme  anxiety  about  her 
reputation  is  truly  comic. 

8.  Beggar's  Opera.     Lucy  =  Miss  Pope. 

9.  Henry  4th.     Hotspur  =  Barry  :  Lady  Percys 
Mrs.  Barry. 

10.  False  Delicacy.     Col.  Rivers  =  Aikin,  1st  time. 
13.  School  for  Rakes.      Sir   William   Evans  = 

Hurst,  1st  time. 

15.  King  Lear  =  Barry. 

16.  Not  acted  6  years,  Double  Gallant.     Atall  — 
King :  Sir  Solomon   Sadlife  =  Parsons  :  Lady  Sad- 
life  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Lady  Dainty  —  Miss  Younge  : 
Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  : — with  Garrick's   Ode,  7th 
time. 

19.  Henry  4th  part  2d.  King=:Garrick  :  Falstaff 
=  Love:  Shallow  =  Parsons. 

25.  (and  31)  Careless  Husband.  Sir  Charles  Easy 
=  Reddish:  Lord  Foppington  =  Dodd  :  Lord  More- 
love  =  Jefferson  :  Lady  Betty  Modish  =  Mrs.  Abing- 
ton :  Lady  Easy  =  Miss  Younge  :  Edging  =  Miss 
Pope  :  Lady  Graveairs  =  Mrs.  Reddish. 


D.  L.   1769-1770.  263 

27.  (and  29)  Not  acted  4  years,  Siege  of  Damas- 
cus.    Phocyas  =  Barry :  Eumenes  =  Hurst :  Caled  — 
Aikiri :  Daran^Wolf,  his  1st  appearance  :  Eudocia 
=  Mrs.  Barry. 

Feb.  3.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil  =  Red- 
dish, 1st  time. 

7.  Foundling.      Young  Belmont  =  Reddish,   1st 
time  :   Sir  Charles  Raymond  =  Bannister  :  Faddle  = 
Dodd:  Col.  Raymond^ Packer:  Sir  Roger  Belmont 
=  Love:  Rosetta^Miss  Pope:  Fidelia  =  Mrs.  Bad- 
deley,  1st  time. 

8.  Never  acted  there,  Lionel  and  Clarissa,  or  a 
School  for  Fathers.     Lionel  =  Vernon  :  Col.  Oldboy 
=  Parsons  :  Jessamy  =  Dodd  :  Sir  John  Flowerdale 
=  Aikin  :  Jenkins  =  Bannister  :  H  arman  =  Fawcett  : 
Clarissa  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  :  Diana  =  Mrs.  Wrighten, 
her  1st  appearance  :  Jenny  =  Miss  Radley  :  Lady 
Mary  Oldboy  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw : — this  piece  is  written 
by  Bickerstaffe — it  is  vastly  superiour  to  the  gene- 
rality of  Operas — the  circumstance  of  Col.  Oldboy's 
assisting  Harm  an  to  run  off  with  his  own  daughter 
is  truly  comic. 

13.  Garrick  acted  Archer. 

15.  Double  Gallant.  Careless  =  Jefferson :  Cle- 
rimont  =  Packer  :  Clarinda  =  Mrs.  Jeffries  :  Wish- 
well  =  Miss  Radley. 

21.  King  Leam  Garrick  :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

27.  Provoked  Husband.  Lo rd  To wnly  =  Reddish: 
Lady  To  wnly  =  Young  Lady,  her  1st  appearance. 

March  1.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Garrick:  Esti- 
fania  =  Mrs.  Abington. 

3.  Never  acted,  Word  to  the  Wise.  Capt.  Dormer 
•=  Palmer  :  Sir  George  Hastings  (a  coxcomb — but 


264-  D.  L.  1769-1770. 

with  excellent  principles)  =  King  :  Sir  John  Dormer 
(father  to  Capt.  and  Miss  Dorm er)=z Reddish  :  Wil- 
loughby  (a  man  who  thinks  that  every  thing  which 
happens,  is  for  the  best)  —  Aikin  :  Villars  (a  young 
man  employed  by  Sir  John  as  an  assistant  in  his  lite- 
rary pursuits)  —  Cautherley  :  Miss  Montagu  =  Mrs. 
Barry  :  Miss  Dormer  =  Miss  Yourige  :  Miss  Wil- 
loughby  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  :  Mrs.  Willoughby  =  Mrs. 
Jefferies  : — Capt.  Dormer  arid  Miss  Montagu  are 
contracted — neither  of  them  has  any  inclination  for 
the  other — Capt.  Dormer  is  in  love  with  Miss  Wil- 
loughby— Miss  Willoughby  elopes  from  her  father's 
house  in  the  expectation  that  Capt.  Dormer  will 
carry  her  to  Scotland,  and  marry  her — as  she  has 
taken  this  important  step  without  Capt.  Dormer's 
knowledge,  he  thinks  himself  entitled  to  treat  her 
without  much  ceremony — she  is  alarmed  at  her  situ- 
ation, and  puts  herself  under  the  protection  of  Miss 
Montagu — it  is  not  known  where  she  is — in  the  5th 
act,  Capt.  Dormer  pays  his  addresses  to  Miss  Mon- 
tagu, merely  with  a  view  to  remove  the  suspicions 
entertained  against  him  about  Miss  Willoughby— 
Miss  Montagu  pretends  to  be  apprehensive  of  his 
attachment  to  Miss  Willoughby  —  Capt.  Dormer 
speaks  slightingly  of  her — Miss  Willoughby,  who  had 
overheard  the  conversation,  pulls  him  by  the  sleeve 
—  the  ladies  laugh  at  him — : — in  the  other  part  of  the 
plot,  Sir  George  Hastings  makes  love  to  Miss  Dormer 
-she  declines  his  offers,  and  requests  him  to  skreen 
her  from  her  father's  resentment — Sir  John  is  enraged 
at  Sir  George,  and  gives  him  a  challenge — just  as 
they  are  going  to  fight,  Miss  Dormer  throws  herself 
between  them — she  acknowledges  her  love  for  ano- 


D.  L.  1769-1770.  265 

ther  person — at  the  conclusion,  Sir  John  approves  of 
the  union  of  his  son  with  Miss  Willoughhy — and  of 
the  union  of  his  daughter  with  Villars— Villars  turns 
out  to  he  the  son  of  Willoughhy — Sir  George  pays 
his  addresses  to  Miss  Montagu—  she  has  had  from 

the  first  an  inclination  for  him the  discovery  of 

Villars'  birth  is  too  much  in  the  style  of  a  novel — in 
all  other  points  this  is  a  good  sentimental  C. — Capt. 
Dormer  and  Miss  Montagu  are  by  far  the  best  cha- 
racters—this play  came  out  on  a  Saturday — Kelly 
the  author  of  it  was  at  that  time  very  unpopular, 
from  a  supposition  that  he  was  employed  by  govern- 
ment to  defend  measures  generally  disapproved  ;  and 
Wilkes*  friends  were  determined  to  damn  the  play, 
without  any  regard  to  its  merits  or  demerits — when 
the  curtain  drew  up  all  was  confusion  between  the 
loud  hissings  of  Kelly's  enemies,  and  the  plaudits  of 
his  numerous  friends — the  performers  were  so  dis- 
concerted that  their  only  endeavour  was  to  get 
through  the  C.  in  any  manner — this  with  much  diffi- 
culty was  effected,  and  the  play  given  out  for  the 
following  Monday — a  new  contest  now  arose,  and  as 
the  consequences  of  the  dispute  appeared  serious, 
Kelly  proposed  to  withdraw  his  piece,  and  Cymbeline 
was  given  out  instead  of  it — this  conciliatory  mea- 
sure did  not  produce  the  desired  effect— after  the 
Farce  200  Gentlemen  calling  for  the  Manager  and 
threatening  the  demolition  of  the  house  if  a  Word 
to  the  Wise  was  not  performed  as  first  announced — 
Lacy,  the  only  Manager  in  town,  sent  Hopkins  the 
Prompter  to  assure  the  company  it  should  ;  and 

peace  was  restored  for  that  evening As  it  was 

easy  to  foresee  a  renewal  of  the  riot  on  the  Monday, 


266  D.  L.  1769-1770. 

Kelly  called  on  Garrick,  on  the  Sunday,  to  consult 
with  him  what  was  best  to  be  done  ;  it  was  agreed 
that  Kelly  should  request  his  friends  to  give  up  the 
point ;  this  he  did,  but  his  friends  replied,  that  the 
cause  was  not  his  cause  now,  but  the  public's,  and 
if  party  disputes  were  once  introduced  in  the  theatre, 
our  most  rational  amusements  would  quickly  be  at 
an  end ;  that  they  would  not  suffer  the  town  to  be 
contracted  in  its  pleasures  from  private  pique  or 
personal  resentment ;  all  they  contended  for  was  a 
fair  hearing  for  the  piece — and  that  they  insisted  it 
should  have On  the  Monday  the  riot  was  re- 
newed with  encreased  violence,  as  soon  as  King  at- 
tempted to  speak  the  Prologue — after  some  time 
Garrick  advanced  with  a  request  from  Kelly  that  the 
play  might  be  withdrawn — this  Kelly's  friends  would 
not  consent  to — near  3  hours  were  spent  in  confusion ; 
one  party  calling  for  Cymbeline  and  the  other  as 
warmly  countermanding  it — Kelly  himself  made  a 
very  proper  address  to  the  house — at  last  it  was  de- 
termined that  False  Delicacy  should  be  acted  the 
next  night  for  his  benefit — on  this  each  party  retired, 
and  as  there  had  been  no  performance,  the  money 
was  returned — on  the  Tuesday  False  Delicacy  was 
performed  with  much  difficulty,  even  the  female  per- 
formers were  insulted,  and  Mrs.  Baddeley  narrowly 
escaped  being  greatly  hurt  with  an  orange— when 
the  Farce  began  things  grew  quieter  and  at  the  con- 
clusion of  it  every  body  departed  peaceably—  ( Gen- 
tleman's Magazine) — Wilkinson  tells  us  that  this  C. 
was  well  received  at  Hull,  York,  and  Bath — see 
C.  G.  May  13  1777- 

Davies  says — "  Kelly  had  written  a  poem  called 


D.  L.    1769-1770.  2G7 

"  Thespis,  in  which  he  had  outrageously  attacked 
"  Mrs.  Clive,  Mrs.  Dancer  and  Moody,  and  at  the 
"  same  time,  from  the  bias  of  his  connexions,  had 
"  poured  forth  lavish  praises  upon  some  of  the  lowest 
"  actors — when  False  Delicacy  was  to  be  put  into 
"  rehearsal,  he  consulted  Garrick  about  distributing 
"  the  parts — he  now  to  his  regret  found  his  error  in 
"  making  so  free  with  those  persons  whose  assistance 
"  was  absolutely  necessary  to  him — Garrick  pre- 
"  vailed  on  Mrs.  Dancer  to  sacrifice  her  resentment 
"  to  the  interest  of  the  community — to  Mrs.  Clive 
"  Kelly  had  not  the  courage  to  make  any  application, 
"  nor  would  Moody  be  brought  to  any  terms  of  ac- 
"  commodation." 

Kelly  published  his  Thespis  in  the  autumn  of 
1766 — it  is  written  in  imitation  of  the  Rosciad,  and 
in  some  parts  intended  as  an  answer  to  it — Church- 
ill is  partial,  and  at  times  illiberal,  but  he  does  not 
seem  influenced  by  private  pique— Kelly  in  some  of 
his  remarks  is  personal,  unjust,  and  scurrilous — he 
calls  Mrs.  Dancer  "  a  moon-eyed  idiot,"  and  says 
Barry  had  some  few  weeks  ago  crammed  her  on  the 
town — see  Opera  house  Hay.  1766  —  he  bestows 
about  20  lines  of  abuse  on  Moody — he  attacks  Mrs. 
Clive  for  sometimes  playing  genteel  Comedy — this 
was  very  fair — but  he  had  previously  said,  that  she 
excelled  in  vulgar,  boisterous,  and  detestable  parts, 
because  they  suited  her  natural  disposition,  and  that 
on  these  occasions  she  was  not  an  actress,  but  the 
actual  woman — he  adds — 

"  Pope,  tho'  undamn'd  with  any  casual  part 
"  Of  dive's  weak  head,  or  execrable  heart." 


268  D.L.  1769-1770. 

Kelly  had  no  right  to  say  any  thing  of  Mrs.  dive's 
private  character,  and  still  less  right  to  say  what  was 
not  true — these  are  the  worst  parts  of  Thespis — 
many  of  the  remarks  are  not  only  judicious,  but  can- 
did— Kelly  speaks  rather  favourably  of  Hurst,  Ack- 
man,  and  Bi  ansby,  but  Da  vies*  assertion,  about  lavish 
praise,  is  without  foundation — the  poem  appears  to 
be  written  by  a  man  of  good  abilities,  but  of  coarse 
manners. 

Kelly  published  the  2d  part  of  Thespis  in  1767— 
in  this  he  reviews  the  merits  of  the  C.  G.  performers 
— he  depreciates  Woodward  very  unjustly,  but  his 
remarks  are  in  general  good — and  he  avoids  the 
scurrility  with  which  he  had  disgraced  himself,  rather 
than  the  performers,  in  the  former  part. 

Ignotum  Tragicce  genus  invenisse  Camente 
Dicitur,  et  plaustris  vexisse  po  mata  Thespis^ 
Qua  canerent  agerentque  peruncti  fcecibus  or  a. 

By  plaustris  Horace  seems  to  have  meant  move- 
able  stages — such  as  those  on  which  our  Coventry 
pageants  were  formerly  exhibited — (see  Vol.  1  p.  2) 
— and  such  as  are  still  used  by  itinerant  performers 
at  fairs  —  the  Delphlne  Editor  says  in  a  note  — 
"  Thespis  and  others  were  carried  about  in  carts  and 
"  vented  their  jokes  and  scurrilities  on  all  whom  they 
"  met" — but  how  is  this  to  be  reconciled  with  what 
Horace  says  of  Thespis  as  the  inventor  of  the 
Drama — and  with  what  Scaliger  says  in  the  preced- 
ing note — "  it  is  not  certain  who  first  invented  the 
"  Drama,  but  it  is  sufficiently  clear  that  Thespis 
"  improved  it — he  went  about  in  carriages  with  hang- 


D.  L.   1769- 17TO.  269 

"  ing  scenes"— the  Delphine  Editor  refers  us  to  Plu- 
tarch's life  of  Solon,  but  all  that  Plutarch  says  of 
Thespis  is  as  follows—"  when  Thespis  first  hegan  to 
"  act  at  Athens,  Solon  asked  him,  if  he  was  not 
"  ashamed  of  telling  such  great  lies  before  so  many 
"  people — Thespis  said  there  was  no  vast  harm  in 
"  telling  lies  in  joke— «  Ay  but,'  said  Solon,  striking 
"  the  ground  violently  with  his  stick,  '  if  we  once 
"  approve  of  lies  in  joke,  we  shall  soon  find  them  in 
"  our  bargains.'  " 

March  5.  Monday.     Word  to  the  Wise. 

6.  False  Delicacy. 

8  and  13.  Garrick  acted  King  Lear. 

17.  Othello  =  Barry  :  lago  =  Reddish. 

19.  Garrick's  Ode,  8th  and  last  time. 

20.  Barry's  bt.  Herod  and  Mariamne.     Herod  = 
Barry :  Flaminius  =  Palmer :    Sohemus  =  Aikin  : 
Mariamne  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Salome  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  : 
Arsinoe  =  Miss  Radley  : — this  was  no  doubt Fenton's 
play  ;  the  name  of  it  was  changed  very  improperly, 
as  there  is  an  old  Tragedy  called  Herod  and  Mari- 
amne. 

22.  King's  bt.  Clandestine  Marriage,  with  Linco's 
Travels,  and  Peep  behind  the  Curtain.  Lady  Fuz 
ir  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

24.  Mrs.  Abington's  bt.  Cymon,  with,  not  acted 
8  years,  (acted  April  11  1765)  Frenchified  Lady 
never  in  Paris.  Palamede  =  Jefferson  :  Rhodophil  = 
Palmer :  Melantha  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Doralice  = 
Mrs.  Reddish  :  Philotis  =  Mrs.  Love. 

26.  Mrs.  Barry's   bt.  Zenobia.     Teribaz us  =  Pal- 
mer, 1  st  time :  Megistus  =  Jefferson. 

27.  Miss  Pope's  bt.  Not  acted  10  years,  Tender 


270  D.L.   1769-1770. 

Husband.  Capt.  Clerimont  =  Reddish:  Humphry 
Gubbin  =  Dodd  :  Sir  Harry  Gubbin  =  King  :  Cleri- 
mont Sen.  =  Packer  :  Pounce  =  Baddeley  :  Tipkin  = 
Parsons  :  Biddy  =  Miss  Pope  :  Mrs.  Clerimont  = 
Miss  Younge  :  Fainlove  =  Mrs.  Jefferies :  Aunt  = 
Mrs.  Love. 

31.  Reddish's  bt.  Not  acted  40  years,  Double 
Falshood.  Julio  =  Reddish  :  Henriquez  =  Aikin  : 
Duke  Angelo  =  Bransby  :  Roderick  =  Palmer  :  Ca- 
millo  —  Hurst :  Don  Bernard  =  Parsons  :  Master  of 
the  Flocks  =  Moody  :  Leonora  =  Miss  Younge  :  Vio- 
lante^Mrs.  Jefferies. 

April  2.  Love's  bt.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John 
Brute  =  Love,  1st  time  there :  Razor  =  Parsons  : 
Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Barry,  1st  time. 

3.  Dodd's  bt.  Funeral.  Campley  =  Dodd  :  Lady 
Chariot  =  Miss  Younge  :  Lady  Brumptori  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins  :  —  with  an  Opera,  never  acted  there,  called 
the  Florist's  Wedding — by  Dodd,  &c. — Mrs  Dodd 
had  left  D.  L.  on  account  of  domestic  disputes — 
she  went  to  Norwich  and  died  not  long  after.  (B.M.*) 

7.  Aikin's  bt.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier  =  Barry  : 
Pierre  =  Aikin,  1st  time  :  Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

19.  Cautherley's  bt.  Not  acted  3  years,  Merope. 
Dorilas  =  Cautherley,  1st  time:  Polyphontes  =  Pal- 
mer: Narbas  =  Packer:  Merope  =  Mrs.  Barry,  1st 
time. 

20.  Mrs.  King's  bt.  By  desire.  Richard  3d  =  King, 
1st  time  on  that  stage. 

21.  Miss  Younge's  bt.  Fair  Penitent.    Horatio  = 
Bensley  from  C  G.:  Calista^  Miss  Younge,  1st  time. 

25.  Dibdin's  bt.  Clandestine  Marriage.  Lord 
Ogleby  =  Dibdin  :  Sterling  =  Love  :  Lovewell  = 


D.  L.   1769-1770.  271 

Cautherley:  Fan ny  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry  :  Mrs.  Heidel- 
berg =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

26.  Bannister's  bt.     Beggar's  Opera.     Macheath 
=  Bannister,  1st  time. 

30.  For  bt.  of  Charnpnes  and  Mrs.  W.  Barry. 
Cymon,  with  Minor.  Smirk,  Shift,  and  Mrs.  Cole 
(with  Imitations  and  the  Epilogue)  =.  Bannister  :  Mi- 
nor =  J.  Aikin  :  Loader  =  Palmer  :  Transfer  =  Wes- 
ton  : — Wilkinson  says,  that  Bannister  learnt  to  imi- 
tate of  him,  by  seeing  him  imitate  at  Norwich. 

May  2.  Hamlet  =  Cautherley :  Polonius  =  Love, 
1st  time  :  Laertes  =  Brereton,  1st  time  :  Ophelia  = 
Miss  Radley,  1st  time. 

3.  Committee.    Teaguen:  Moody  :  Careless  =  Jef- 
ferson :    Blunt  =  J.  Aikiri  :  Day  =  Parsons  :   Obediah 
—  Love:    Abel   (for  that  night  only)  =  King  :    Mrs. 
Day  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw  :  Rath  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry. 

4.  For  bt.  of  Bransby  and  Burton.   Funeral.  Lady 
Harriet —  Mrs.  Bulkley  from  C.  G. 

7.  For   Miss  Radley's  bt.     Provoked  Husband. 
Lord  and   Lady  Townly  =  Barry  and  Mrs.  Barry  : 
Count  Basset  =  Dodd  : — with,   never  acted,  the  La- 
dies' Frolick.     Dodd — Parsons — Bannister — Moody 
— Miss  Radley,  &c. — this  Farce  is  taken  from  the 
Jovial  Crew  by  Love — it  is  not  printed — r.  b. 

8.  Brereton  acted  Romeo  for  his  bt. 
11.  Double  Falshood. 

14.  For  bt.  of  Isaac  Sparks.     Love  for  Love.    Sir 
Sampson  Legend  =  Sparks  : — with  a   Farce,  never 
performed  there,  called  the  Brave  Irishman.     Capt. 
CK Blunder  =  Sparks:  Dr.  Clyster  =  Parsons. 

15.  Cymbeline.     Belarius=iJ.  Aikin,   1st  time:  — 
with  Trip  to  Scotland,  15th  time. 


272  D.  L.  1769-1770. 

16.  For  bt.  of  Wright  and  Keen.  Richard  3d  = 
King. 

18.  Rule  a  Wife.     Leon  =  Reddish,  1st  time. 
21.  Jane  Shore.     Hastings  =  Aikin. 

23.  Tempest.     Miranda— Miss  Younge. 

24.  Theatrical  Fund.     Every  Man  in  his  Humour. 
Kitely  (with   an   occasional    Prologue)  =  Garrick : 
Brain  worm  —  Moody,  1st  time  :    Mrs.  Kitely  =  Miss 
Younge,  1st  time: — r.  b. — Baddeley  and   his  wife 
did  not  play  the  latter  part  of  the  season. 

30.  Orphan.     Chamont  =  Palmer,  1st  time. 

June  1.  Cymbeline,  with  Miller  of  Mansfield.  Mil- 
ler =  Moody  :  King  =  J.  Aikin  :  Dick  —  Palmer. 

5.  Love  for  Love,  and  Jubilee,  91st  time — last 
performance.  (Bills  from  B.  M.} 

June  7«  (out  of  the  season.)  Catches  and  Glees — 
with  the  Country  Madcap.  Lord  Bilkurn  =  Dodd  : 
Mordecai  —  Messirik  :  Cantileno  =  Gentleman  :  Bal- 
lad =  Phillips  :  Lowborn  =  Fawcett :  Country  Mad- 
cap =  Miss  Radley  : — this  is  Miss  Lucy  in  Town — 
the  name  of  the  piece  and  of  some  of  the  characters 
is  changed,  r.  b. 

Garrick  acted  Brute  2  times — Benedick  1 — Felix 
2 — Abel  Drugger  3 — Kitely  2 — Ranger  1 — Hastings 
1 — Lusignan  1 — Henry  4th  2— Archer  1 — Lear  3 — 
Leon  1. 

Old  Women  Weather  wise — this  contemptible  In- 
terlude is  attributed  to  G.  S.  Carey — it  was  acted  at 
D.  L.  in  the  course  of  1770 — Cramp  =  Mr.  Hartry  : 
Twitch  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw  :  Rheum  —  Mrs.  Dorman. 

King  had  the  Bristol  theatre  this  summer — Hen- 
derson in  one  of  his  letters  says — "  it  is  known  that 


D.L.  1769-1770.  273 

"  King  lost  £80  the  season  he  held  it"-— the  fol- 
lowing bill  shows  that  he  had  a  good  company. 

July  11  1770.  Never  acted  there,  the  Provoked  Wife 
— with  alterations  and  emendations — Sir  John  Brute 
=  King:  Constant  =  Lewes:  Heartfree  =  Hull: 
Lord  Rake  =  Ellard  :  Col.  Bully  (with  a  song)  = 
Kear :  Razor  =  Banister :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Miss 
Younge  :  Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Belindas  Miss 
Burton  :  Mademoiselle  =  Mrs.  Green : — a  new  dance 
by  Aldridge  and  Mrs.  King — and  Miss  in  her  Teens. 
Fribble  =  Banister  :  Flash  =  Ellard  :  Loveit  =  Lewes : 
Puff  =  Winstone:  Miss  Biddy  =  MissValois:  Tag 
n:  Mrs.  Green  : — Boxes  3s.  and  6d. — Pit  2s.  and  6d. 
—Gallery  Is.  and  6d. 

Charles  Holland  died  of  the  small-pox  on  Dec.  the 
7th,  at  the  age  of  36— he  had  several  requisites  for  a 
good  actor — an  agreeable  manly  appearance,  with 
a  strong,  clear,  well-toned  voice;  a  perfectly  good 
ear,  and  great  industry  and  application — when  under 
the  immediate  eye  and  direction  of  Garrick,  he  was 
scrupulously  exact ;  and  if  he  seldom  rose  to  excel- 
lence, his  endeavours  to  attain  it  merited  approbation 
—it  was  his  misfortune  to  be  too  much  elated  with 
applause,  and  in  consequence  of  this  he  sometimes 
became  extravagant  in  action,  and  stretched  his  voice 
to  an  insufferable  degree  of  loudness ;  but  to  his  praise 
it  must  be  allowed,  that  he  represented  some  parts 
invariably  well,  and  those  difficult  ones — such  as  lago 
and  Jachimo — by  a  constant  attention  to  Gamck's 
manner,  voice,  and  action,  he  did  not  displease  when 
he  represented  some  of  Garrick's  most  favourite  cha- 
racters— as  Chamont  —  Hastings,  and  particularly 
Tancred.  (Davies  and  Victor.} 

VOL.    V.  T 


274  D.  L.  1769-1770. 

Churchill  censures  him  severely  for  his  imitation 
of  Garrick — 

"  The  Actor,  who  would  build  a  solid  fame, 
"  Must  imitation's  servile  arts  disclaim  ; 
"  Act  from  himself,  on  his  own  bottom  stand, 
"  I  hate  e'en  Garrick  thus  at  second  hand." 

The  Dramatic  Censor  speaks  much  less  favourably 
of  Holland  than  Davies  does — he  thinks  that  Holland's 
forte  lay  in  serious  Comedy. 

In  a  Farce  called  Garrick  in  the  Shades  1779 — 
Holland  is  represented  as  grossly  illiterate —his  father 
is  said  to  have  been  a  baker  at  Chiswick — Foote  at- 
tended Holland's  funeral,  on  returning  to  town  he 
said  he  had  seen  him  shoved  into  the  family  oven — 
Foote  had  a  serious  regard  for  Holland,  but  when  a 
joke  occurred  to  his  mind,  he  spared  neither  friend 
nor  foe — see  Cradock's  Memoirs  vol.  1  p.  32. 


Holland's  characters — selection  only. 

D.  L.  1755-1756.  Oroonoko — Dorilas  in  Merope 
— George  Barn  well — *Florizel  in  Winter's  Tale  al- 
tered— Hamlet — Chamont. 

1756-1757.  Carlos  in  Revenge — Marcus  in  Cato 
— Polydore — Jaffier —  Romeo. 

1757-1758.  Ferdinand  in  Tempest — Moneses — 
Hippolitus — Jupiter  in  Amphitryon — Torrismond — 
Nerestan — Essex. 

1758-1759.  Young  Bevil— Tancred— *Hamet  in 
Orphan  of  China — Col.  Briton. 

1759-1760.     Osmyn  in  M.  B.— Osman  in  Zara— 


D.  L.  1769-1770.  275 

Col.  Manly  in  Woman's  a  Riddle — *Aboan  in  Oroo- 
noko  altered— Young  Norval— Hotspur— Richard  3d. 

1760-1761.     Juba. 

1761-1762.  Bajazet— Achmet  in  Barbarossa  — 
Jachimo — Lord  Hardy — Col.  Standard— Carlos  in 
Love  makes  a  Man. 

1762-1768.  Pembroke  in  Lady  Jane  Gray — Pierre 
— Protheus  in  Two  Gentlemen  of  V. — Prince  of 
Wales  in  Henry  4th  part  2d — *Col.  Medway  in  Dis- 
covery— Horatio  in  F.  P. — Macbeth. 

1763-1764.  Oakly — Lovemore— Don  Carlos  in  Mis- 
take— Horatius  in  R.  F. — Zamti  in  Orphan  of  China 
— Hastings. 

1764-1765.  Pyrrhus  in  D.  M.— Don  Felix— Be- 
verley  in  All  in  the  Wrong — Sir  John  Dorilant  in 
School  for  Lovers — lago. 

1765-1766.  *Manly  in  Plain  Dealer  altered— *Sir 
John  Melvil  in  C.  M. — Faulconbridge — Ventidius. 

1766-1767.  *Moody  in  Country  Girl— *Earl  of 
Warwick—  Clyttis — Lothario. 

1767-1768.  Freeport  in  English  Merchant— *Ge- 
neral  Melmoth  in  Widowed  Wife — *Col.  Rivers  in 
False  Delicacy — *Teribazusin  Zenobia — Bassanio. 

1768-1769.  Zanga— *  Sir  William  Evans  in  School 
for  Rakes — Prospero. 

*  Originally. 

The  Dramatic  Censor  was  printed  in  1770 — it  is 
an  useful  and  entertaining  work,  in  2  vols.  8vo. — 
the  writer's  remarks  on  the  Players  are  much  better 
than  his  remarks  on  the  Plays. 


c.  G.    1769-1770. 


C.  G.  1769-1770. 

Sept.  18.  Love  in  a  Village.  Deborah  Wood- 
cock =  Mrs.  Pitt : — with  Miller  of  Mansfield.  Mil- 
ler—Dunstall  :  Dick^Wroughton. 

22.  Henry  5th.  Henry  5th  =  Smith:  Exeter  =: 
Hull :  Constable  of  France  =  Clarke  :  Fluellin  = 
Shuter  :  Pistol  =  Dyer  :  Mackmorris  =  Barrington  : 
Jamy=iDunstall :  Princess  Katharine  =  Mrs.  Mat- 
tocks :  Hostess  =  Mrs.  Pitt :— the  Coronation,  with 
the  ceremony  of  the  Champion — a  real  horse  seems 
to  have  been  introduced  on  the~stage. 

The  first  mention  in  history  of  the  Champion  is 
at  the  Coronation  of  Richard  the  2d— but  the  office 
itself  existed  before  that  time,  as  Sir  John  Dyrnock 
was  admitted  Champion  in  virtue  of  an  estate  which 
he  possessed  in  Lincolnshire — his  office  is  to  come 
into  Westminster  Hall,  while  the  King  is  at  dinner, 
completely  armed,  and  having  thrown  down  his 
gauntlet,  to  challenge  all  those  who  dispute  the 
King's  just  right  to  the  throne — thus  Rapin — Scott, 
in  the  10th  note  to  the  1st  Canto  of  Marmion,  says 
— "  Robert  de  Marmion  who  was  a  distinguished 
"  follower  of  William  the  Conqueror,  obtained  a  grant 
"  of  the  castle  and  town  of  Tamworth,  and  also  of  the 
"  manor  of  Scrivelby  in  Lincolnshire — one,  or  both  of 
"  these  noble  possessions,  was  held  by  the  honourable 
"  service  of  being  the  royal  champion,  as  the  ancestors 
"  of  Marmion  had  formerly  been  to  the  Dukes  of  Nor- 
"  mandy — but  after  the  castle  and  demesne  of  Tam- 
"  worth  had  passed  through  four  successive  barons 


c.  G.  1769-1770.  277 

"  from  Robert,  the  family  became  extinct  in  the  per- 
"  son  of  Philip  de  Marmion  who  died  in  20th  Edward 
u  the  1st  without  issue  male — he  was  succeeded  in 
"  his  castle  of  Tamworth  by  Alexander  de  Freville 
"  who  married  his  grandaughter — Bald  win  de  Freville, 
"  Alexander's  descendant,  in  the  reign  of  Richard  the 
"first,  by  his  supposed  tenure  of  the  castle  of  Tam- 
"  worth,  claimed  the  office  of  champion,  but  it  was 
"  adjudged  to  Sir  John  Dymoke,  to  whom  the  manor 
"  of  Scrivelby  had  descended  by  another  of  the  co- 

"  heiresses  of  Robert  de  Marmion" it  must  have 

been  in  the  reign  of  Richard  the  second  that  the  dis- 
pute about  the  office  of  champion  took  place,  as 
Scott  says  that  the  male  issue  of  Robert  de  Mar- 
mion was  not  extinct  till  the  reign  of  Edward 
the  1st. 

25.  London  Merchant.  George  Barnwell  = 
Wroughton  :  Uncle  =  Hull :  Mil  wood  =.  Mrs.  Ward  : 
Maria  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Lucy  —  Mrs.  Green. 

S7-  Every  Man  in  his  Humour.  Wellbred  = 
Lewes. 

29-  Maid  of  the  Mill,  and  Citizen. 

30.  Recruiting  Officer.     2d  Recruit  =  Lewes. 

Oct.  1.  Miser.  Lovegold  =  Shuter :  Frederick  = 
Wroughton  :  Clerimont  =  Hull  :  Ramilie  =  Dyer  : 
Lappet  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Mariana  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

3.  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not.     Trappanti  = 
Woodward:  Don  Manuel  —  Sh  liter  :    Don   Philips 
Bensley :  SotonDunstall :  Hypolita  =  Miss  Mack- 
lin  :  Flora  =  Mrs.  Lessingham  :  Viletta  =:  Mrs.  Pitt: 
Rosara  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

4.  Richard  3d,  with  Coronation. 

5.  Inconstant.     Oriana  =  Mrs.  Lessingham. 


278  c   G.  1769-1770. 

6.  Romeo  and  Juliet.     Romeo  =  Smith:    Mercu- 
tio  =  Woodward  :  Peter  =  Quick  :  Juliet  =  Mrs.  Bel- 
lamy :  Nurse  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

7.  Never  acted,  Man   and  Wife,    or   the    Shaks- 
peare  Jubilee.      Marcourt  =  Woodward  :    Cross  = 
Shuter  :  Kitchen  =  Dunstall  :  Col.  Frankly  =  Perry  : 
Luke  =  Lewea  :  Ostler  =  Quick  :  Mrs.  Cross  =  Mrs. 
Green  :  Charlotte  (daughter  to  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Cross) 
=  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Sally  (her  sister — a  forward  girl) 
=  Young  Lady,  being  her  first  appearance  on  any 
stage  :   Lettice  (Charlotte's  maid)  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : 
Landlady  =  Mrs.  Gardner: — before  the   Comedy,    a 
Prelude  —  Dapperwit  =  Dyer  :    Jenkins  =    Hull : 
Townly  =  Wroughton  : — end  of  act  2d,  a  Pageant  — 
end  of  act  3d,  a  representation  of  the  Amphitheatre 
at  Stratford  upon  Avon,  with  a  Masquerade — Cross 
wants  Charlotte  to  marry  Kitchen — Mrs.  Cross  wants 
her  to  marry  Marcourt — she  is  in  love   with   Col. 
Frankly — -Marcourt  suggests  to  Mrs.  Cross,  that  it  is 
very  fashionable  for  a  lady  to  receive  masks  at  her 
own  house,  before  going  to  the  masquerade— Mrs. 
Cross  readily  assents — Charlotte  dresses  Lettice  in 
the  Turkish  habit  in  which  she  had  promised  to  meet 
Kitchen — Sally  pretends  to  tell  Marcourt  as  a  great 
secret,  that  her  sister,  instead  of  wearing   a   pink 
domino,  as  she  had  agreed  with  him  to  do,  is  really 
dressed  as  a  Turk — Marcourt  and  Kitchen  suppose 
Lettice  to  be  Charlotte — Col.  Frankly  and  Charlotte 

enter  as  married this  C.  in  three  acts  was  written 

by  Col  man — it  was  acted  about  12  times — the  folly 
of  Man  and    Wife  continually  quarrelling  is    well 
ridiculed,   and   there  are   some   fair  things  in   the 


c.  o.  1769-1770.  279 

characters  of    Marcourt  and  Kitchen  —  Marcourt 
8ays — You  like  Shakspeare  now  I  warrant  you  ? 

Kitchen — Like  him  ?  I  adore  him !  no  man  of 
sense  and  true  taste  can  do  otherwise— he  is  the  tur- 
tle of  literature— the  lean  of  him  may  perhaps  be 
worse  than  the  lean  of  any  other  meat — but  there  is 
a  deal  of  green  fat  which  is  the  most  delicious  stuff 
in  the  world. 

Shuter  and  Mrs.  Green  acted  very  well  —  Wood- 
ward excellently  —  Dunstall  was  very  happy  in 
Kitchen  —  and  Mrs.  Mattocks  easy  in  Lettice  — 
(Dramatic  Censor)— A  Pageant  was  introduced  in 
this  piece  with  a  view  to  forestall  the  Pageant  in  the 
Jubilee,  that  was  in  preparation  at  D.  L. — but  this 
Pageant  was  very  inferiour  to  the  other — this  trans- 
action was  censured  by  some  persons  as  unfair — but 
such  anticipations  have  been  the  practice  from  time 
immemorial,  between  the  Managers  of  rival  theatres 
— nor  had  Garrick  any  right  to  complain,  as  it][wa8 
only  the  retort  courteous,  for  what  he  himself  did  to 

Rich  about  the  Coronation the  Dramatic  Censor 

in  his  review  of  this  Play  takes  upon  him  to  censure 
the  Jubilee  severely  ;  and  to  lament  that  Shaks- 
peare's  muse  should  furnish  materials  for  a  Spectacle 
— this  zeal  for  Shakspeare  comes  with  an  admirably 
good  grace  from  a  person  who  approves  of  Tate's 

Lear  and   Gibber's    Richard  the   3d Man   and 

Wife  seems  to  have  been  originally  acted  as  a  first 
piece — it  was  afterwards  acted  as  a  Farce,  the  Pre- 
lude and  Pageant  being  omitted. 
!?•    Love  makes  a  Man. 

18.  (20-23)    Orphan.     Castalio  =  Smith  :    Cha- 
mont  =  Bensley :    Polydore  =  Wroughton,  being  their 


280  c.  G.   1769-1770. 

1st  appearance  in  those  characters  :  Monimia  =  Miss 
Miller,  her  1st  appearance  on  any  stage. 

24.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Smith:  Copper  Captain 
=  Woodward  :  Estifania  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

26.  Jane  Shore.     Hastings  =  Smith :     Shore  = 
Bensley  :   Jane  Shore  =  Mrs.  Yates  :   Alicia^Mrs. 
Bellamy. 

27.  Lionel  and  Clarissa. 

Nov.  1 .  Cyrus  =  Wroughton : — with  Country  Wife. 
Pinchwife  =  Hull  :  Margery  =  Miss  Ward. 

3.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife.  Tradelove  =  Dunstall : 
Simon  Pure  =  Quick  : — rest  as  Dec.  27  1762. 

6.  Tamerlane  =  Bensley,    2d  time:    Bajazet  = 
Smith:  M on eses=: Wroughton  :  Arpasia^Mrs.  Bel- 
lamy :   Seli ma  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

7.  Busy  Body.  Charles  =  Hull :— see  Oct.  5  1?62. 

15,  English  Merchant.  Freeport  =  Yates  :  Spat- 
ter =  Woodward  :  Lord  Falbridge  =  Bensley  :  Sir 
William  Douglas  =  Hull :  La  France  =  Quick  :  Lady 
Alton  =  Mrs.  Bellamy:  Amelia  =  Mrs.  Yates,  1st 
time :  Molly  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Mrs.  Goodman  =  Mrs. 
Barrington. 

17.  Country  Lasses.  Heartwell  =  Hull :  Flora  = 
Mrs.  Lessingham,  1st  time  : — rest  as  before. 

23.  Way  to  keep  him.  William  =  Dyer  :  Lady 
Constant  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

27.  Hamlet  =  Smith  :  Ghost  =  Bensley. 

29.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  Townly  =  Smith, 
1st  time  :  Sir  Francis  =  Shuter  :  Manly  =  Clarke: 
Count  Basset  =  Dyer  :  John  Moody  =  Dunstall : 
Squire  Richard  =  Hamilton  :  Lady  Townly  n  Mrs. 
Yates :  Lady  Grace  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Lady  Wrong- 
head  =  Mrs.  Pitt:  Miss  Jennys  Miss  Ward. 


c.  o.  1769-1770.  281 

Dec.  1.  Not  acted  12  years,  Twin  Rivals.  Elder 
Wou'dbe  =  Clarke  :  Younger  Wou'dbe  =  Dyer : 
Trueman  =  Hull :  Subtlcmari  =  Dunstall :  Teague  = 
Saunders,  from  Dublin  :  Cornick  =  Quick  :  Mrs. 
Midnight  =  Mrs.  Pitt :  Aurelia  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : 
Constance  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

2.  Never  acted,  Brothers.  Capt.  Ironsides  (the 
commander  of  a  privateer)  =  Woodward  :  Sir  Benja- 
min Dove  =  Yates  :  Belfield  Jun.  =  Smith  :  Belfield 
Sen.  =  Clarke  :  Paterson  =  Dyer  :  Skiff  =  Quick  : 
Goodwin  (a  fisherman)  =  Hull  :  Philip  (his  son)  = 
Bensley :  Jonathan  =  Dunstall  :  Sophia  (Sir  Benja- 
min's daughter  by  a  former  wife)  =  Mrs.  Yates  : 
Lady  Dove  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Violetta  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  : 
Lucy  Waters  =  Mrs.  Mattocks:  Fanny  Goodwin  = 
Miss  Ward : — acted  about  22  times — Belfield  Jun.  and 
Sophia  were  mutually  in  love — Lucy  Waters,  at  the 
instigation  of  Belfield  Sen.,  had  told  Sophia  that 
Belfield  Jun.  was  engaged  to  herself — Sophia  had 
quarrelled  with  Belfield  Jun. — he  had  gone  to  sea 
with  Capt.  Ironsides,  who  is  his  uncle — at  the  open- 
ing of  the  play,  the  privateer  is  wrecked  on  the  coast 
of  Cornwall — the  cargo,  which  is  very  valuable,  is 
saved — a  marriage  between  Belfield  Sen.  and  Sophia 
is  daily  expected— Lucy  Waters  acknowledges  to 
Sophia  the  falsehood  of  what  she  had  formerly  said 
— and  Sophia's  love  to  Belfield  Jun.  is  renewed — 
Violetta  is  a  Portugueze  Lady — the  wife  of  Belfield 
Sen.,  but  deserted  by  him  — she  tells  Sophia  that  she 
is  married  to  Mr.  Belfield — Sophia  supposes  her  to 
mean  the  Younger  Eelfield,  who  had  just  made  his 
exit — in  the  last  scene,  Violetta  is  confronted  with 
Belfield  Sen.— he  begs  her  forgiveness,  and  she 


c.  &.   1769-1770. 

grants  it  —  Sophia  marries  Belfield  Jan.  —  Sir 
Benjamin  Dove  is  completely  henpecked  —  Lady 
Dove  insists  that  he  should  challenge  Belfield  Jun. 
— Belfield  Jun.  perceives  that  Sir  Benjamin  only 
wants  to  build  some  reputation  with  his  wife  upon 
the  rencounter — Lady  Dove  enters — Belfield  Jun. 
gives  Sir  Benjamin  an  apparent  superiority  over  him- 
self, and,  in  a  whisper,  advises  him  not  to  suffer  Lady 
Dove  to  bully  him  any  longer — Sir  Benjamin  takes 
his  advice,  and  brings  Lady  Dove  to  subjection — 
this  C.  was  written  by  Cumberland — it  is  on  the 
whole  a  pretty  good  play — Capt.  Ironsides  and  Sir 
Benjamin  are  the  best  characters — Cumberland  in 
his  own  Life  says — "  this  C.  has  some  merits,  and 
"  some  faults — some  scenes  that  tell,  and  some  that 
"  tire" — Garrick  was  in  the  house  on  the  1st  night, 
and  was  agreeably  surprised  at  the  compliment  paid 
him  in  the  Epilogue. 

7.  For  the  creditors  of  the  late  Miss  Elliot.  Bro- 
thers. 

11.  Brothers,  with,  performed  but  once,  Spanish 
Lady,  with  alterations.  Mattocks  —  Lewes  —  Mrs. 
Mattocks,  and  the  Young  Lady  who  acted  in  Man 
and  Wife — see  May  2  176^ — the  Young  Lady  no 

doubt  acted  Anna,  and  Lewes  probably  one  of  the 
sailors. 

15.  Never  acted,  Amintas — this  is  a  slight  altera- 
tion of  the  Royal  Shepherd,  which  came  out  at  D.  L. 
Feb.  24  1764 — it  was  printed  with  the  following  cast 
—  Alexander  =  Reinhold  :  Amintas  =  Tenducci : 
Agenor^  Mattocks  :  Eliza  -  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Tha- 
miriszzMrs.  Baker. 

19.    Theatrical   Fund.      Macbeth.      Macbeth  = 


C.G.  1769-1770.  283 

Smith,  1st  time  :  Macduflf  =  Clarke  :  Banquo  = 
Bensley:  Lenox  =  Hull:  Hecate  =  Reinhold :  Witches 
=  Gushing,  Mrs.  Pitt,  and  Quick  :  Lady  Macbeth  — 
Mrs.  Yates. 

22.  Stratagem.  Archer  =  Smith :  Scrub =Shuter: 
Aimwell  —  Bensley  :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Lessingham : 
Cherry  =  Miss  Ward  :  Dorinda  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

29.  Henry  4th  part  1st.  Falstaff  =  Shuter  :  Hot- 
spurn  Smith:  King  =  Gibson  :  Prince  of  Wales  = 
Wroughton:  Worcester  =  Hull :  Carriers  =  Dunstall 
and  Quick  :  Lady  Percy = Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Hostess  = 
Mrs.  Pitt : — Smith  was  not  a  bad  Hotspur,  but  he 
ought  to  have  acted  the  Prince  of  Wales,  in  which 
part  he  would  have  distanced  every  competitor. 

Jan.  6.  Refusal.  Sir  Gilbert  Wrangle  =  Yates  : 
Frankly  =  Wroughton  :  W  itling  =  Dyer  :  Sophronia 
=  Mrs.  Lessingham  :  Charlotte  =  Miss  Macklin. 

21.  Cymbeline.  Posthumus^  Gentleman,  2d  ap- 
pearance on  any  stage  :  Pisanio^Hull :  Guiderius 
=  Bensley  : — rest  as  Dec.  28  1767. 

25.  Brothers,  17th  time.  Sophia  =  Mrs.  Mattocks, 
1st  time. 

Feb.  12.  (15  and  22)  Woodward's  bt.  Not  acted 
20  years,  Measure  for  Measure.  Duke  —  Bensley  : 
Lucio  =  Woodward  :  Angelo  =  Clarke :  Claudio  = 
Wroughton  :  Escalus  =  Hull  :  Clown  =  Dunstall : 
Elbow  =  Quick:  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Bellamy:  Mariana 
=  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

16.  (and  19)  Not  acted  6  years,  Tancred  and  Si- 
gismunda.  Tailored  =  Smith,  1st  time  :  Siffredi  = 
Gibson  :  Osmond  =  Clarke  :  Sigismunda  =  Miss  Mil- 
ler, 1st  time  : — Mrs.  Bellamy  and  the  Dramatic  Cen- 


284  c.  6.  1769-1770. 

sor  say  that  this  actress  had  nothing  to  recommend 
her  but  the  favour  of  the  acting  Manager. 

24.  Never  acted,  Timanthes.  Timanthes  (son  to 
Demophoon  by  his  first  wife)  =  Smith  :  Demophoon 
(King  of  Thrace)  =  Bensley  :  Cherinthus  (his  son  by 
his  second  wife)  =  Wroughton :  Mathusius  (an  old 
general— out  of  favour  with  the  King)  =  Clarke  :  Is- 
mena  (daughter  to  Mathusius — privately  married  to 
Timanthes)  =  Mrs.  Yates:  Cephisa  (Princess  of 
Phrygia)  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  — acted  13  times— Timan- 
thes returns  home  after  having  subdued  the  Scythians 
— during  his  absence  Demophoon  had  contracted  him 
to  Cephisa — Cherinthus  had  been  sent  to  bring  Ce- 
phisa to  Thrace  — he  had  fallen  in  love  with  her — 
the  Thracians  are  under  the  necessity  of  sacrificing 
a  virgin  annually  to  Apollo — Demophoon  selects  Is- 
mena  for  the  victim — Timanthes  attempts  to  rescue 
her,  but  is  disarmed  by  Demophoon's  guards — he 
then  openly  avows  that  Ismena  is  his  wife — Timan- 
thes and  Isrnena  are  committed  to  separate  prisons — 
Demophoon,  at  the  intercession  of  Cephisa,  pardons 
Ismena — Mathusius  gives  Timanthes  a  paper  from 
which  it  appears  that  Ismena  is  the  daughter  of 
Demophoon's  first  wife — Timanthes  is  struck  with 
horror  at  having  cohabited  with  his  sister  as  his  wife 
— another  paper  is  found  by  which  it  appears  that 
Timanthes  is  really  the  son  of  Mathusius — this  sets 
all  to  rights — Cherinthus  marries  Cephisa — this  T. 
(if  a  Tragedy  it  may  be  called)  was  written  by  Hoole 
— the  language  is  sometimes  good,  but  the  plot  is 
contemptible,  and  the  whole  is  too  remote  from  com- 
mon life  to  interest  one — the  scene  lies  in  Thrace, 


C.G.   1769-1770.  285 

but  the  D.  P.  are  any  thing  but  Thracians— they  talk 
of  Sir  and  my  Lord — the  Prologue  contains  a  com- 
pliment to  the  memory  of  Powell — Hoole  borrowed 
his  play  from  Metastasio— -Metastasio  was  a  man  of 
very  good  abilities,  but  necessity  compelled  him  to 
prostitute  them  to  the  service  of  the  Italian  Opera. 

March  20.  Woodward's  bt.  Not  acted  5  years, 
Relapse.  Lord  Foppington  =  Wood  ward  :  Loveless 
=  Smith:  Young  Fashion  =  Dyer:  Sir  Tunbelly 
Clumsey  =  Dunstall :  Worthy  =  Hull :  Lory  =  Gush- 
ing: Coupler  =  Quick  :  Syringe  =  Shuter  :  Bull  = 
Saunders  :  Berinthia  =  Mrs.  Bellamy :  Amanda  = 
Mrs.  Vincent :  Miss  Hoyden  =  Mrs.  Mattocks:  Nurse 
=  Mrs.  Pitt  : — with  the  original  Epilogue  by  Wood- 
ward —  he  brought  out  a  Pantomime  in  Jan.  called 
Harlequin's  Jubilee — this  was  no  doubt  the  reason 
of  his  having  2  benefits. 

22.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Yates.  Never  acted  there, 
Earl  of  Warwick.  Warwick  =  Smith  :  King  Edward 
=:Bensley  :  Margaret  of  Anjou  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Lady 
Elizabeth  Gray  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — with  Edgar  and 
Emmeline.  Edgar  =  Lewes,  1st  time  :  Florimond  = 
Yates  :  Emmeline  =  Mrs.  Yates :— Pit  and  Boxes 
laid  together. 

24.  Smith's  bt.  Rival  Queens.  Alexander  =  Smith: 
Clytus  =  Gibson  :  Roxana  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  :  Statira 
(for  that  night  only)  =  Mrs.  Yates,  1st  time. 

27.  For  bt.  of  Yates.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Shy- 
lock  =  Yates  :  Anthonio  =  Clarke  :  Bassanio  =  Bens- 
ley:  Gratiano  =  Dyer  :  Lorenzo  =  Mattocks:  Launce- 
lot=  Shuter:  Portia  (for  that  night  only)  =  Mrs. 
Yates,  1st  time  :  Jessica  =  Mrs.  Baker  :  Nerissa  = 
Mrs.  Vincent :— the  Dram.  Censor  in  1770  says, 


286  c.  G.    1769-1770. 

Yates*  Shylock  was  contemptible,  and  hopes  he  will 
never  mutilate  a  line  of  blank  verse  again. 

29.  Bensley's  bt.  Roman  Father.  Horatius  = 
Bensley,  1st  time  :  Valeria  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — see 
Nov.  18  1767. 

31.  Mrs.  Bellamy's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  (that  is 
as  altered  by  Garrick)  Isabella.  Biron  =  Smith  :  Vil- 
leroy  =  Bensley  :  Sampson  =  Dunstall :  Isabella  — 
Mrs.  Bellamy:  Nurse  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

April  5.  Miss  Macklin's  bt. — Macklin  acted  Shy- 
lock  and  Sir  Archy. 

17.  Mrs.  Bulkley  acted  Statira  for  her  bt. 

18.  Mrs.  Thompson's   bt..    Cymbeline.     Posthu- 
mus  =  Bensley,  1st  time  :  Guiderius  =  Wroughton, 
1st  time  :  Imogen  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

19.  Clarke's  bt.  Earl  of  Warwick.     Pembroke  = 
Clarke. 

20.  Wonder.     Don  Felix   =   Bensley,  1st  time : 
Col.  Briton  =  Wroughton,  1st  time  :  Lissardo  = 
Woodward :  Gibby  =  Shuter  :  Don  Lopez  =  Dun- 
stall  :  Violante^  Miss  Macklin  :  Flora  =  Mrs.  Pitt : 
Inis  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

24.  Mrs.  Ward's  bt.  Earl   of  Essex.     Essex  = 
Kniveton,    his    1st    appearance :     Southampton   = 
Wroughton  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Ward  :  Rutland  =  Mrs. 
Bellamy  : — with  Cheats  of  Scapin.     Scapin  =  Knive- 
ton :  Gripe  =  Quick. 

25.  Duristall's  bt.  Sir  Courtly  Nice.     Sir  Courtly 
=  Woodward:  Crack  =  Shuter :  Hothead  =  Dunstall: 
Testimony  =  Gibson  :   Surly  =  Clarke  :  Farewell  = 
Wroughton  :  Leonora  =  Miss  Macklin  :  Violante=: 
Mrs.  Bulkley:    Aunt  =  Mrs.  Pitt:  — with   Flora. 

=  DunstalI. 


c.  a.    1769-1770.  28? 

26.  Hull's  bt.  Jealous  Wife.  Oakly  =  Hull,  1st 
time :  Major  Oakly  =  Yates  :  Charles  =.  Bensley  : 
Lord  Trinket  =  Dyer  :  Sir  Harry  Beagle  =  Wood- 
ward :  Capt.  O'Cutter  =  Harrington:  Russet  =  Dun- 
stall  :  Lady  Freelovei=  Mrs.  Green  :  Harriet  — Mrs. 
Mattocks :  Mrs.  Oakly  (by  particular  desire)  = 
Mrs.  Hull,  late  Miss  Morrison. 

28.  Mrs.  Lessingham's  bt.  Romeo  and  Juliet. 
Juliet  =  Mrs.  Lessingham  : — with  Guardian.  Young 
Clackit  (1st  time  and  for  that  night  only)  =  Mrs. 
Lessingham  : — rest  as  April  4  1769. 

SO.  Younger's  bt.  Cato.  Cato  =  Younger  :  Juba 
=  Smith  :  Sempronius  =  Clarke  :  Syphax  =  Gibson  : 
Portius  =  Bensley:  Marcus  —  Wroughton :  Marcia 
=  Miss  Miller:  Lucia  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

May  7-  Oroonoko  =  Gentleman,  his  1st  appearance 
on  any  stage  :  Aboan  =  Bensley  :  Blandford  =  Hull  : 
Jack  Stan  more  =  Quick  :  Daniel  =  Shuter  :  Driver 
rzDunstall :  Imoinda  — Miss  Miller  :  Widow  =  Mrs. 
Pitt :  Chariot  Welldon  =  Mrs.  Barrington. 

8.  Theodosius  =  Wroughton  :  Varanes  =  Smith  : 
Athanais  =  Miss  Miller. 

10.  George  Barnwell — end  of  the  play  Hippisle/s 
Drunken  Man  with  additions  and  alterations  by  Shu- 
ter— with  Miss  in  her  Teens.  Fribble  (with  a  song) 
=  Shuter.  r.  b. 

14,  For  bt.  of  Lewes  and  Morris.  Richard  3d  (by 
particular  desire  and  for  that  night  only)  =  Shuter. 

22.  For  bt.  of  Quick,  and  3  others.  Hamlet,  with 
Catharine  and  Petruchio  —  Quick  played  the  1st 
Graved igger  and  the  Taylor. 

28.  Timanthes,  13th  time,  with  Harlequin's  Ju- 
bilee—last performance.  (Bills  from  B.  M.) 


288  HAY.  1770. 

Court  of  Alexander.  Alexander  the  Great  =  Shu- 
ter :  Clytus  =  Reinhold  :  Porus  =  Barnshaw  :  Lysim- 
achus  =  Baker  :  Thais  =  Mrs.  Pinto :  Roxana  =  Mrs. 
Thompson  :  Pari satis  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — the  Editor 
of  the  B,  D.  says  that  this  burlesque  Opera  in  2  acts 
was  printed  in  177^ — the  2d  Edition  has  no  date- 
in  the  1st  scene  the  Court  of  Alexander  is  discovered 
asleep — empty  bottles,  &c.  are  on  the  tables — in  the 
last  act,  Lysimachus,  in  attempting  to  strike  Porus, 
hits  Alexander  in  the  face — Alexander  is  angry — 
Clytus  interposes — Alexander  stabs  him— Clytus 
sings  himself  to  death  — Alexander  has  a  mad  song 
— Jupiter  descends  and  restores  Clytus  to  life — this 
poor  piece  is  attributed  to  G.  A.  Stevens. 


HAY.  1770. 

Foote  opened  in  May — on  the  22d  he  brought  out 
his  Lame  Lover — some  part  of  it  being  disliked,  he 
withdrew  it,  made  alterations  and  produced  it  again 
Aug.  the  27th. 

July  9.  Miss  Hay  ward  appeared  in  the  Fair  Peni- 
tent— Fleetwood  played  Lothario,  and  Sheridan  Ho- 
ratio—  (B.  M.)  —  the  play  is  said  to  have  been 
repeated  on  several  nights  to  crowded  audiences, 
who  bestowed  every  encouragement  on  Miss  Hay- 


HAY.  1770.  289 

ward's  rising  merit— she  had  been  carefully  instructed 
by  Sheridan— she  continued  on  the  stage  hut  a  short 
time — yet  from  the  specimens  which  she  gave  of  her 
abilities,  from  the  natural  elegance  of  her  person 
and  from  the  power  of  her  expression,  she  seemed 
to  want  nothing  but  time  and  attention  to  have  made 
her  an  actress  of  very  considerable  rank.  (  Theatri- 
cal Biography  1772.) 

Aug.  27.  Lame  Lover.  Sir  Luke  Limp  =  Footer 
Serjeant  Circuit  —  Vanderrnere :  Jack  (his  son)  = 
Weston  :  Col.  Secret  =  Robson  :  Woodford  (in  love 
with  Chariot)  =  Knowles :  Mrs.  Circuit  (the  Ser- 
jeant's 2d  wife)  =  Mrs.  Gardner  :  Chariot  (his  daugh- 
ter) =  Mrs.  Jewell :  Mrs.  Simper  =  Mrs.  Saunders  : 
Betty  (Mrs.  Circuit's  woman)  =  Mrs.  Reed: — this 
C.  has  little  plot — the  dialogue  is  excellent — the 
chief  drift  of  it  is  to  ridicule  Law ;  or  rather  (to  use 
Foote's  own  expression)  those  Maggots  of  the  Law, 
who  breed  in  the  rotten  parts  of  it— the  Serjeant 
had  gone  to  Kingston  —  Mrs.  Circuit  invites  Sir 
Luke,  Col.  Secret  and  Mrs.  Simper  to  supper— a 
figure  is  dressed  up  like  the  Serjeant,  with  his  wig, 
band,  and  gown  —  Sir  Luke  proposes  that  they  should 
plead  a  cause  before  him — this  is  agreed  to — they  go 
out  to  equip  themselves  with  suitable  dresses — in  the 
mean  time,  the  Serjeant  returns,  and  secretes  him- 
self under  his  own  gown — Mrs.  Circuit  is  counsel 
for  the  plaintiff,  and  Sir  Luke  for  the  defendant — 
the  Serjeant  is  so  pleased  with  Sir  Luke's  reply, 

that  he  bursts  forth  from  under  the  gown Foote's 

vivacity,  variety,  and  force  of  expression  in  Sir  Luke 
rather  surpassed  than  fell  short  of  his  usual  excel- 
lence —  Weston's  peculiar  humour  excited  much 

VOL.  V.  U 


290  HAY.  1770. 

laughter — Vandermere  gave  considerable  satisfaction 
— and  Mrs.  Gardner  in  pleading  the  cause  of  the 
plumbtree  shewed  talents  peculiarly  happy.  (Dra- 
matic Censor.*) 

On  Mrs.  Circuit's  telling  her  husband,  that  she 
must  have  money,  as  her  honour  is  in  pawn, 
he  observes  — -  "  My  honour  is  in  pawn  !  Good 
"  Lord !  how  a  century  will  alter  the  meaning  of 
"  words  !* — formerly  chastity  was  the  honour  of  women ; 
"  and  good  faith,  and  integrity the  honour  of  men  ;  but 
"now,  a  lady  who  ruins  her  family  by  punctually  paying 
"  her  losses  at  play  ;  and  a  gentleman,  who  kills  his 
"  best  friend  in  a  frivolous  quarrel,  are  your  only 
"  tip-top  people  of  honour — well,  let  them  go  on,  it 
"  brings  grist  to  our  mill ;  for  while  both  sexes  stick 
"  firm  to  their  honour,  we  shall  never  want  business 
"  either  at  Doctors'  Commons,  or  the  Old  Bailey." 

Sheridan's  bt.  was  Sep.  3.  Earl  of  Essex  by 
Brooke,  1st  time  for  8  years.  Essex  =  Sheridan  : 
Southampton  =  J.  Aikin  :  Queen  Elizabeth^Mrs. 
Burton,  3d  appearance  on  the  stage  :  Rutland  —  Miss 
Hayward  : — with  Author.  Cadwallader  —  Foote  : 
Mrs.  CadwalladermMrs.  Gardner,  r.  b. 

Sep.  15.  Foote  closed  his  theatre,  but  performed 
in  the  Minor  for  Weston's  bt.  Oct.  15,  when  the  To- 
bacconist came  out. 

In  the  course  of  Oct.  Foote  set  off  for  Edinburgh, 
where  he  opened  the  theatre  Nov.  10  as  Manager. 
(B.  M.) 

Foote  in  a  letter  to  Wilkinson  says — "  I  have  this 


*  Loyal  originally  meant  obedient  and  attached  to  the  laws, 
but  this  sense  of  the  word  is  now  obsolete. 


D.  L.  1770-1771. 

"  summer  entertained  the  veteran  Sheridan,  who  is 
"  dwindled  into  a  mere  Cock-and-Bottle  Chelsea 
"  Pensioner — he  has  enlisted  some  new  recruits  unlit 
"  for  service,  and  such  as  might  be  expected  to  issue 
"  from  his  discipline — I  should  be  glad  to  chop  in 
"  upon  you  in  my  way  to  Edinburgh  ;  for  which 
"  place  I  shall  set  out  about  the  middle  of  Oct.— 
"  Ross  is  with  me,  ill  and  indolent ;  but  however, 
"  thanks  to  my  own  industry,  the  campaign  has  been 
"  happy  enough August  16." 


D.  L.  1770-1771. 

Baddeley  and  his  wife,  having  made  up  their 
quarrel,  renewed  their  engagement — (B.  M.} — Miss 
Yourige  was  gone  to  Ireland,  and  Weston  was  gone 
with  Foote  to  Edinburgh. 

Sep.  22.  Cymbeline. 

25.  Maid  of  the  Mill.  Lord  Aimworth  =  Gentle- 
man :  Sir  Harry  Sycamore  =  Parsons  :  Giles  =  Ban- 
nister: Fairfield  =  Jefferson:  Ralph  —  Dibdin  :  Patty 
=  Mrs.  Baddeley  :  Fanny  —  Miss  Pope  :  Theodosia 
nMiss  Radley  : — with  Trip  to  Scotland. 

Oct.  2.  Clandestine  Marriage. 

3.  Hamlet  —  Cautherley  : — with  Jubilee  —  it  was 
acted  several  times  in  the  course  of  the  season. 

4.  Amphytrion 5.  School  for  Rakes. 

u  2 


292  D.  L.  1770-1771. 

6.  Careless  Husband 8.  Mourning  Bride. 

9.  As  you  like  it 12.  Conscious  Lovers. 

13.  Foundling 15.  Hypocrite. 

16.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  To wnlyzr  Reddish  : 
Lady  Townly  —  Mrs.  Egerton,  from  Dublin. 

17.  Orphan.      Castalio  =  Reddish  :    Chamont  = 
Brereton,  1st  time  :  Monimia  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

18.  Plain  Dealer.     Manly  =  Aikin,   1st  time:  Fi- 
delia =  Mrs.  Jeffries. 

19-  School  for  Fathers. 

20.  Fair  Penitent.      Horatio  =  Inchbald,  his  3d 
appearance. 

21.  Merchant  of  Venice — 23.  All  in  the  Wrong. 

24.  School  for  Lovers. 

25.  Theodosius  =  Reddish  :    Varanes  =  Barry  : 
Marcian  =  Aikin:  Athanais  =  Mrs.  Barry:  Pulcheria 
=  Mrs.  W.  Barry. 

27.  Fair  Penitent,  Calista  =  Miss  Hay  wood,  her 
1st  appearance  there  : — with  Ladies'  Frolick.  Oliver 
=  Dodd  :  Hilliard  =  Bannister  :  Clack  =  Parsons  : 
Rachel  =  Miss  Radley  :  Meriel  =  Miss  Rogers. 

29.  Romeo  and  Juliet  =  Cautherley,  and  Young 
Lady  her  1st  appearance. 

31.  King  Lear  =  Barry  :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

Nov.  2.  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Barry  acted  Lord  and  Lady 
Townly, 

3.  Stratagem.  Archer  =  King  :  Scrub  =  Parsons, 
1st  time  :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Young  Lady,  her  2d  appear- 
ance on  any  stage. 

5.  Tamerlane.     Selima  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry. 

6.  Jealous  Wife.     Oakly  =  Reddish :  Major  Oakly 
=  Love  :    Charles  =  Cautherley  :    Lord   Trinket  = 
Dodd:  Sir  Harry  Beagle  =  Palmer  :  Capt.  O'Cutter 


D.  L.   1770-1771.  293 

=  Moody:  Russet  =  Burton  :    Mrs.   Oakly  =  Mrs. 
Egerton,  her  2d  appearance  there  :    Lady  Freelove 
=  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Baddeley. 
9.  London  Merchant 10.  Othello  =  Barry. 

13.  Garrick  acted  Benedick. 

14.  Macbeth  =  Barry  :  MacdufF^  Reddish  :   Lady 
Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

15.  Love  for  Love.     Sir  Sampson  Legend  =  Love  : 
Angelica  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry. 

16.  Garrick  acted  Kitely 17.  Zenobia. 

20.  Garrick  and  Mrs.  Barry  acted  Sir  John  and 
Lady  Brute. 

23.  Garrick  acted  Ranger. 

24.  Never  acted,  'Tis  well  it's  no  worse.      Mus- 
kato^King:  Don  Carlos  (his  master)  =  Reddish: 
Don  Guzman  (father  to  Marcella)  =  Parsons  :  Laza- 
rillo  (servant  to  Don  Ferdinand)  =  Baddeley :    Don 
Ferdinand    (contracted   to    Marcella)  =  Brereton : 
Don  Pedro  (brother  to  Aurora)  —  Davis  :  Beatrice  — 
Mrs.  Abington  :  Marcella  (her  m i stress)  =  Mrs.  Jef- 
feries  :  Aurora  =  Mrs.    Baddeley  :    Leonarda  (her 
woman)  =  Mrs.  Love  :  Old  Nun  =  Mrs.  Dorman  : — 
acted  10  times — Don  Carlos  had  been   in  love  with 
Marcella,  but  on  finding  that  she  was  attached  to 
Don  Ferdinand,  he  paid  his  addresses  to  Aurora — 
Don  Alorizo,   the  brother  of  Marcella  was  in  love 
with  Aurora— a  duel  took  place  between  Don  Carlos 
and  Don  Alonzo — the  latter  was  killed — Don  Carlos 
made  his  escape  into   Portugal — at  the   opening  of 
the  play,  he  is  just  returned  to  Madrid  by  the  desire 
of  Aurora — she  repents  of  having  sent  for  him,   as 
her  brother  had  unexpectedly  come  back  from  Naples 
— she  conceals  Don  Carlos  and  Muskato  in  a  closet, 


294  D.  L.   1770-1771. 

to  which  there  is  access  by   a   moveable  pannel — 
Don    Pedro,    having  unintentionally    wounded   the 
Duke  of  Medina  Sidonia,   leaves  his  apartments  to 
the   care    of   Octavio — he    carries  off  Aurora  and 
Leonarda— Octavio  lets  the  apartments  to  Don  Guz- 
man— Don  Carlos  and  Muskato  are  aware  that  there 
are  strangers  in  the  house,  but  are  unable  to  account 
for  the  circumstance — they  find   a  table  with  provi- 
sions, and  refresh  themselves — Muskato  carries    off 
a  gown  and  veil  which  belong  to  Beatrice — Aurora 
enters  veiled — she  makes  up  a  plausible  story,   and 
requests  Don  Guzman  to  give  her  shelter — he   con- 
ducts  her   into    a   chamber — Muskato   and    Carlos 
enter  through   the  pannel — Muskato   is   dressed   in 
Beatrice's  gown  and  veil — Don  Guzman  leads   him 
out,  supposing  him  to  be   Aurora — Aurora  secretes 
herself  within    the   pannel — many    other   incidents 
occur — at  the  conclusion  Don  Carlos  marries  Aurora 
with  her  brother's  consent — Muskato  and  Beatrice 
are  excellent  characters — this  play   was  written  by 
Bickerstaffe — he  says  that  the  original  of  it  is   a  ce- 
lebrated Spanish   piece — he  calls    it   a    Comedy  of 
intrigue — in  that  point  of  view  it  has  great  merit, 
for  tho'  the  sliding  pannel  is  in  itself  not  a  very  pro- 
bable circumstance,  yet  the  incidents  it  produces  are 
well  managed  and  not  forced — the  chief  objection  is 
that  the  death  of  Don  Alonzo,  tho'   it  precedes  the 
opening  of  the  piece,  casts  rather  too  gloomy  a  shade 
over  a  Comedy,  and  obliges  Don  Guzman  to  act  very 
inconsistently,  in  order  to  prevent  a  tragic  catastrophe 
—Mrs.   Ceritlivre   in   the  Wonder    has  managed  a 
similar  circumstance  much    better — this  piece   was 
dedicated  to  Mrs   Abington,  who  must  have  played 


D.  L.   1770-1771. 

Beatrice  wonderfully  well — the  retirement  of  Mrs. 
Pritchard  and  Mrs.  Clive  laid  the  whole  province  of 
comedy  open  to  this  celebrated  actress— her  genius 
was  so  versatile,  that  she  not  only  acted  fine  ladies, 
but  also  descended  with  infinite  humour  to  the  lively 
parts  in  what  is  called  low  comedy — {Murphy}—  see 
Panriel  D.  L.  Nov.  28  1?88. 

28.  Zara,  with  Miss  in  her  Teens.  Fribble  = 
Dodd  :  Flash  —  Palmer  :  Miss  Biddy  =  Miss  Pope. 

Dec.  1.  Cymbeline.  Posthumus  =  Reddish: 
Jach imo=:  Palmer  :  Cloten  =  Dodd  :  Belarius  =  J. 
Aikin  :  Pisanio  =  Packer  :  Guiderius=:  Cautherley  : 
Arviragus  =  Brereton  :  Imogen  =  Mrs.  Barry,  1st 
time. 

4.  Wonder.     Don  Felix  —  Garrick. 

6.  Alchemist.  Abel  Drugger  =  Garrick : — with 
Musical  Lady.  Mask  =  Dodd  :  Old  Mask  =  Badde- 
ley  :  Sophy  =  Miss  Pope. 

8.  Cymbeline.     Imogen  =  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

13.  King  Arthur  was  revived  with  slight  alera- 
tions  by  Garrick.  King  Arthur  —  Reddish  :  Grim- 
bald  =  Bannister  :  Oswald  =  Jefferson  :  Osmund  = 
Palmer  :  Merlin  =  Aikin  :  Emrneline  =  Miss  Hay- 
ward  :  Philadel  =  Mrs.  Baddeley: — acted  21  times 
— what  Murphy  says  of  Garrick's  alteration  is  dis- 
gracefully inaccurate. 

Jan,  2.  Catharine  and  Petruchio  =  Miss  Pope  and 
King  :  Grumio  =  Badd  vey. 

3.  Polly  Honey  combe.     Honeycombe  =  Parsons  : 
Scribble  =  Dodd  :  Polly  =  Miss  Pope. 

4.  Rule  a  Wife.     Leon  =  Garrick  :    Margarita  = 
Mrs.  Egerton. 

12.  Never  acted,    Almida.      Tancred  =  Barry: 


296  D.  L.  1770-1771. 

Arnolph  =  Reddish  :  Orbassan  =:  Aikin  :  Aldamon^ 
Inchbald  :  Loredan—J.  Aikin  :  Catanio  =  Palmer: 
Almida  (daughter  to  Arnolph)  =.  Mrs.  Barry  :  Sophia 
(her  friend)  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry  : — the  scene  lies  at 
Syracuse  —  all  the  male  characters  are  Knights  - 
Tancred  had  been  banished  in  his  early  years  —  he 
had  met  Almida  at  the  court  of  Byzantium,  and  had 
married  her  privately — Arnolph  and  Orbassan  had 
been  long  at  variance — at  the  opening  of  the  play 
they  are  reconciled  —they  agree  to  cement  their  union 
by  a  marriage  between  Orbassan  and  Almida — Al- 
mida sends  a  letter  to  Tancred  without  a  direction 
— the  letter  is  intercepted — and  it  is  concluded  that 
it  was  meant  for  Solyman,  the  leader  of  the  Saracens 
— Almida  is  condemned  to  death  for  holding  a  cor- 
respondence with  the  enemies  of  her  country — Tan- 
cred comes  to  Syracuse  as  an  unknown  Knight — he 
thinks  Almida  has  been  false  to  him,  but  wishes  to 
preserve  her  life — he  throws  down  his  gauntlet  in 
her  defence — Orbassan  takes  it  up — they  fight  be- 
tween the  3d  and  4th  acts — Orbassan  is  killed — 
Almida  knows  Tancred — she  wishes  to  make  her 
acknowledgments  to  him -but  he  refuses  to  hear  her 
— Tancred  and  the  Syracusaris  defeat  the  Saracens 
— in  the  last  scene  Tancred  is  brought  in  mortally 
wounded— before  his  death  he  is  convinced  of  Al- 
mida's  innocence — she  throws  herself  on  his  dead 
body  in  despair — this  T.  has  little  to  recommend  it 
—that  part  of  the  plot  which  concerns  the  letter  is 
improbable — the  language  is  rather  harsh  than  pleas- 
ing— Madam  Celisia,  who  wrote  this  play,  was  the 

daughter  of  Mallet Garrick,  in  his  Italian   tour, 

having  received  civilities  from  her  at  Genoa,  thought 


D.  L.  1770-1771.  297 

himself  bound  in  return  to  bring  out  her  play  with 
every  advantage  his  theatre  could  afford— by  the 
inimitable  acting  of  Mrs.  Barry  it  had  a  run  of 
about  10  nights — (Murphy) — it  is  professedly  taken 
from  the  Tan  erode  of  Voltaire. 

19.  Never  acted,  West  Indian.  Belcour  =  King  : 
Major  O'Flaherty  =  Moody  :  Stockwell  =  Aikin  : 
Varland  =  Parsons  :  Capt.  Dudley  =  Packer :  Ensign 
Dudley  =  Cautherley  :  Fulmer  =  Baddeley  :  Char- 
lotte Rusport  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Lady  Rusport  = 
Mrs.  Hopkins :  Louisa  Dudley  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  : 
Mrs.  Fulmer  =  Mrs.  Egerton  : — this  has  always  been 
considered  as  Cumberland's  best  play — it  is  not  a 
little  remarkable,  that  in  his  own  life  he  calls  it  a 
fortunate  Comedy  and  almost  gives  the  preference  to 
the  Fashionable  Lover — it  must  indeed  be  allowed, 
that  tho'  this  piece  is  deservedly  a  favourite  both  on 
and  off  the  stage,  yet  it  cannot  be  said  to  be  a  copy 
from  life — the  foibles,  the  humours,  and  real  man- 
ners of  a  West  Indian  planter  are  not  delineated 
with  truth  and  accuracy—  (Murphy) — Barry  was  ex- 
tremely desirous  to  play  the  Irish  Major,  and  Gar- 
rick  was  very  doubtful  how  to  decide,  for  Moody  was 
then  an  actor  but  little  known  and  at  a  low  salary* 
— after  a  long  deliberation  he  gave  his  decree  for 


*  Cumberland  seems  to  forget  himself  strangely  in  what  he 
says  about  Moody — he  had  acted  all  the  Irish  characters  for 
several  years,  and  had  particularly  distinguished  himself  in  the 
Jubilee — Garrick's  doubt  perhaps  arose  from  his  fear,  that 
Moody  would  not  be  sufficiently  the  Gentleman,  and  that  Barry 
would  not  be  sufficiently  comic. 


298  D.L.  1770-1771. 


Moody  with  considerable  repugnance,  qualifying  his 
preference  of  the  latter  with  reasons  that  in  no  re- 
spect reflected  on  the  merits  of  Barry,  but  he  did 
not  see  him  in  the  whole  character  of  O'Flaherty  ; 
there  were  certain  points  of  humour  where  he  thought 
it  likely  he  might  fail,  and  in  that  case  his  failure, 
like  his  name,  would  be  more  conspicuous  than 
JVloody's  ;  in  short  Moody  would  take  pains  ;  it  might 
make  him,  it  might  mar  the  other  ;  so  Moody  had 
it,  and  succeeded  to  the  utmost  wish  of  the  manager 
and  author  —  Mrs.  Abington,  with  a  few  salvos  on  the 
score  of  condescension,  took  Charlotte  Rusport,  and 
tho'  she  would  not  allow  it  to  be  any  thing  but  a 
sketch,  yet  she  made  it  a  character  by  her  inimitable 
acting.  (Cumberland.} 

March  9.  Douglas.    Lady  Randolph  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

12.  Mrs.  Barry's  bt.  Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry 
Wildair  (for  that  night  only)  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Col. 
Standard  =  Aikin  :  Beau  Clincher  —  Banister,  from 
Dublin  :  Clincher  Jun.  =  W.  Palmer  :  Smuggler  = 
Parsons  :  Dicky  =  Waldron  :  Lady  Lurewell  =  Mrs. 
Baddeley  :  Angelica  =  Miss  Rogers  :  —  Pit  and  Boxes 
laid  together. 

14.  King's  bt.  Cymon,  with  not  acted  14  years, 
Author.  Cad  wallader=:  King  :  Mrs.  Cadwallader  = 
Mrs.  Abington  :  Vamp  =  Moody,  being  the  1st  time 
of  their  appearing  in  those  characters  on  that  stage  : 
Young  Cape  =J.  Aikin  :  Poet  =  Parsons  :  Arabella 
=  Miss  Burton  :  —  Original  Prologue  by  King. 

16.  Reddish's  bt.  Not  acted  15  years,  Gamester. 
Beverley  =  Reddish  :  Stukely  =  Palmer  :  Lewson  = 
Cautherley  :  Jar  vis  =  Aikin  :  Dawson  =  J.  Aikin  : 
Mrs.  Beverley  =  Mrs,  Baddeley  :  Charlotte  =  Mrs. 


D.  L.  1770-1771.  299 

Reddish  : — with,  never  performed  there,  the  Captive. 
Bannister,  Miss  Radley,  &c. — see  Hay.  1769. 

18.  Mrs.  Abington's  bt.  Not  acted  4  years,  Way 
of  the  World.  Mirabell  =  Jefferson  :  Fainall  =  Red- 
dish :  Witwou'd  =  King :  Sir  Wilful  Witwou'd  = 
Love  :  Petulant  =  Baddeley :  Waitwell  =  Parsons  : 
Millamant=:Mrs.  Abington  :  Lady  Wishfort  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins,  1st  time  :  Mrs.  Marvvood  =  Mrs.  Egerton  : 
Foible  (for  that  night  only)  =  Miss  Pope  :  Mrs.  Fain- 
all  =  Mrs.  Reddish: — with  High  Life  below  Stairs. 
Lovel  =  Cautherley  :  Duke's  Servant  =  Palmer  :  Sir 
Harry's  Servant  =  Dodd  :  Philip  =  Baddeley  :  Kitty 
(with  a  song  and  mock  minuet)  =  Mrs.  Abington,  1st 
time  on  that  stage  : — (see  Irish  Stage — S.  A.  Feb. 
15  1760) — Pit  and  Boxes  laid  together. 

21.  Miss  Pope's  bt.  Funeral.  Lady  Brumpton 
=  Miss  Pope,  1st  time  :  Lady  Harriet  =.  Mrs.  Abing- 
ton :  Lady  Chariot  =  Miss  Hay  ward: — with  Harle- 
quin's Invasion. 

23.  Barry's  bt.  Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry  = 
Mrs.  Barry: — with  Peep  behind  the  Curtain — Tickets 
delivered  for  All  for  Love  will  be  taken — Barry  was 
no  doubt  ill. 

April  1.  Love's  bt.  As  you  like  it.  Touchstone 
=  Love  :  Jaques  =  Aikin  : — with,  not  acted  8  years, 
Reprisal.  Champignon  =  Baddeley  :  Oclabber  = 
Moody  :  Maclaymore  =  Love  :  Block  =  Parsons. 

2.  Dodd's  bt.     Richard  3d  (for  that  night  only)  = 
Dodd  : — with  Mayor  of  Garratt.      Major  Sturgeon 
=  Love:  Jerry  Sneak  =  Dodd,  1st  time:  Sir  Jacob 
Joll up  =  Baddeley  :  Bruin  =  Moody  :  Mrs.  Sneak  — 
Miss  Pope. 

3.  Aikin's  bt.    Acted  but  once  for  15  years,  Game- 


300  D.  L.  1770-1771. 

ster.  Lewson  =  Aikin,  1st  time  :  Jarvis  —  Jefferson  : 
Mrs.  Be verley— Mrs.  Barry,  1st  time:  Charlotte  = 
Mrs.  Morland  : — with  Reprisal — Tickets  for  Cato 
will  be  taken. 

5.  Moody's  bt.     Not  acted  1 6  years,  Twin  Rivals. 
Elder  Wou'dbe  =  Reddish  :  Younger  Wou'dbe  (for 
that  night   only)  =.  King  :    Trueman  =  Jefferson  : 
Subtleman=Baddeley  :  Alderman  =  Parsons  :  Teague 
(with  songs)  =  Moody  :  Mrs.  Midnight  — Mrs.  Brad- 
shaw :    Aurelia  =.  Mrs.  Abington  :    Constance  (for 
that  night  only)  =  Miss  Pope. 

6.  Mrs.  King's  bt.     Rehearsal.     Bayes  (by  desire 
and  for  the  only  time  this  season) --King  :  Johnson 
=  Jefferson  :  Smith  — J.  Aikin  : — other  characters  by 
Baddeley,   Palmer,   Parsons,    Moody,    &c.  :  —  with 
Elopement.     Columbine  =  Mrs.  King. 

8.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and   Mrs.    Hopkins.     Cymon. 
Sylvia  =:  Mrs.  Baddeley,  1st  time:    Urganda  —  Mrs. 
Baddeley  :  (this  mistake  is  copied  literatim  from  a 
printed  bill  in  the  Newspaper) — with  Mayor  of  Gar- 
ratt.     Mrs.  Sneak  =  Mrs.  Hopkins,  1st  time. 

9.  Cautherley's  bt.     Not  acted  5  years,  Lady's  last 
Stake.     Lord  Wronglove  =  Reddish  :  Lord  George 
Brilliant  =  Cautherley  :  Sir  Friendly  Morale  Aikin: 
Lady  Wronglove  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Mrs.  Conquest  = 
Mrs.  Barry,  1st  time:  Miss  Notable  =  Miss  Pope: 
Lady  Gentle  =  Mrs.  W.  Barry  : — with  Florizel  and 
Perdita.     Autolicus=iKing  :  Florizel  —  Cautherley: 
Clown  =  Moody  :  Perdita  —  M  iss  Rogers. 

10.  Mrs.  Baddeley's  bt.     School  for  Rakes,  with 
Padlock.      Leonora    (for   that   night  only)  =  Mrs. 
Baddeley. 

12.  Way   of  the  World,   with,  never  acted,  He 


D.  L.   1770-1771.  301 

wou'd  if  he  cou'd,  or  an  Old  Fool  worse  than  any. 
Goosecap  =  Bannister:  Simon  =  Vernon  :  Betty  = 
Mrs.  Baddeley:  Old  Lady  =  Mr.  Dibdin: — a  Burletta 
by  Bickerstaffe  most  deservedly  damned — Goosecap 
wavers  between  Betty  arid  the  Old  Lady — at  last  he 
marries  Betty  who  is  his  servant. 

13.  Palmer's  bt.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier±z 
Barry:  Pierre  =  Palmer,  1st  time:  Priuli  =  Bannister: 
Belvideran:  Mrs.  Barry  : — with  Mayor  of  Garratt. 
Major  Sturgeon^ Palmer. 

15.  Baddeley's  bt.  Tempest.     Prospero  =  Packer : 
Caliban  =  I.  Sparks :  Ferdinand  =  Vernon :  Stephano 
=  Love  :  Trinculo  =  Baddeley  :  Gonzalo  =  J.  Aikin  : 
Ariel  =  Mrs.  Scott :   Miranda  =  Miss  Rogers  : — with, 
not  acted  12  years,  Anatomist.     Mons.  Le  Medicin 
=  Baddeley,  1st  time  :  Crispin  —  Dodd  :  Old  Gerald 
—  Parsons  :   Simon  Burly  =  Moody  :  Beatrice  =  Mrs. 
Love. 

16.  Bannister's  bt.     Beggar's   Opera.     Macheath 
=  Bannister  :  Peachum  =  Moody  :  Filch  =  Parsons  : 
Polly  =  Mrs.  Baddeley:  Lucy  =  Miss  Pope  : — with 
Author.     Cadwallader  =  Bannister,  1st  time  on  that 
stage. 

17.  For  bt.  of  Parsons.     Committee.     Obediah  = 
Parsons  :  Abel  =  Larkin,   1st  appearance  there  : — 
with  Harlequin's  Invasion.     Snip  =  Parsons. 

20.  Jefferson's  bt.  Way  to  keep  him.  Lovemore 
=  Jefferson,  1st  time: — with  an  Interlude  from  Taste. 
Carmine  =  Palmer :  Lady  Pentweazel  =  Gentleman, 
his  1st  appearance  on  any  stage: — and  Author. 
Cadwallader  =  King. 

23.  Miss  Hay  ward's  bt.  Theodosius.  Theodosius 
^Brereton,  1st  time  :  Varanes  =  Reddish,  1st  time: 


302  D.  L.  1770-1771. 

Athanais=Miss  Hayward,  1st  time  : — with  Guardian. 
Heartly  =  Reddish :  Young  Clackit  =:  Dodd  :  Lucy  = 
Miss  Pope. 

26.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  W.  Barry,  and  Mrs.  Jeffries. 
Fair  Penitent.  Horatio  =  Barry  :  Lavinia  =  Mrs.  W. 
Barry. 

29.  Mrs.  Egerton's  bt.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn 
=  Reddish,  1st  time  :  Zara  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Alme- 
ria  =  Mrs.  Egerton. 

May  1.  Brereton  acted  Tancred  for  his  bt. — Mrs. 
Barry  was  Sigismunda. 

3.  Mrs.  Barry  acted  Mrs.  Beverley  2d  time. 

6.  James  Aikin's  bt.     Douglas. 

7.  For  bt.  of  I.   Sparks.       Provoked   Husband. 
Lord  To  wnly  =  Gentleman,  his  1st  appearance  on 
any  stage  :  John  Moody  =  I.  Sparks  :  Lady  Townly 
=  Mrs.  Abington  :  Miss, Jenny  =  Mrs,   Fitzgerald, 

late  Miss  Radley. 

8.  Mrs.  Wrighten's  bt.     As  you  like  it.     Orlando 
n:Brereton,    1st   time:  —  with   Ephesian   Matron. 
Bannister,  Davies,  Mrs.  Dorman  and  Mrs.  Wrighten 
— the  cast  was  probably — Father  =  Bannister  :  Cen- 
turion =  Davies  :  Matron  =  Mrs.  Wrighten  :  Maid  = 
Mrs.  Dorman. 

10.  For  bt.  of  Inchbald  and  Mrs.  Morland.  Ze- 
nobia.  Rhadamistus  =  Inchbald,  1st  time  : — with  a 
new  Farce  called  the  Capricious  Lady.  Brereton, 
Inchbald,  Parsons,  Miss  Rogers,  Mrs.  Love,  and 
Miss  Pope— not  printed. 

13.  For  bt.  of  Evans,  Sub-treasurer,  and  Mrs. 
Dorman.  Hypocrite,  with  a  new  Musical  Entertain- 
ment called  the  Noble  Pedlar,  or  the  Fortune  Hunter 
—Dodd,  &c. 


c.  G.  mo-mi.  303 

16.  West  Indian,  28th  time. 

17-  Committee.     Obediah  =  Love. 

24.  Theatrical  Fund.  Garrick  acted  Benedick 
and  spoke  an  occasional  Epilogue. 

27.  Merry  Wives.     Mrs.  Page  =  Mrs.  Jeffries. 

June  1.  Garrick  acted  Leon  : — last  play.  (Bills 
fromB.  M.) 

Garrick  acted  Benedick  2  times — Kitely  1 — Brute 
2 — Ranger  2 — Lusignan  1 — Felix  2 — Abel  Drugger 
1 — Leon  4. 


C.  G.  1770-1771. 

Woodward  was  gone  with  Foote  to  Edinburgh 

Mrs.  Bellamy  was  not  engaged — Miss  Catley  re- 
turned from  Ireland  where  she  had  been  a  great 
favourite. 

Sep.  24.  Way  to  keep  him.  Sir  Brilliant  Fashion 
=  Dyer,  1st  time  :  Mrs.  Lovemore  =  Mrs.  Bulkley, 
1st  time. 

26.  Richard  3d 28.  Maid  of  the  Mill. 

Oct.  1.  George  Barnwell  =  Bensley,  1st  time: 
Milwood  =  Mrs.  Mattocks,  1st  time  : — with  Harle- 
quin's Jubilee.  Harlequin  =  Lewes. 

2.  Love  in  a  Village.  Hawthorn  =  Reinhold: 
Rosetta^  Miss  Catley,  her  1st  appearance  on  the 
English  stage  for  9  years. 


304  c.  G.  1770-1771. 

8.  Macbeth.     1st  Witch  =  Deinstall. 

10.  Earl  of  Essex  =  Ross,  his  first  appearance 
there  for  4  years  :  Southampton  =  Bensley  :  Queen 
=  Mrs.  Ward  :  Rutland^ Miss  Miller,  1st  time. 

11.  Twin  Rivals. 

12.  Earl  of  Warwick,  with  Duke  and  no  Duke. 
Trappolin  =.  Shuter  :  Puritan  =  Quick. 

17.  Never  acted  there,  Author.    Cadwallader  and 
Vamp  =  Yates  :  Young  Cape  =  Lewes :  Printer's 
Devil  =  Quick:  Mrs.  Cadwallader  =Mrs.  Gardner. 

18.  Orphan.  Castalio  =  Ross  :  Chamont=  Smith  : 
Polydore  =  Bensley :  Monimia  =  Miss  Miller. 

19.  Brothers.   Capt.  Ironsides  =  Shuter,  1st  time: 
Lucy  Waters  =  Mrs.  Gardner. 

23.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffi er  =  Ross  :  Pierre  = 
Bensley :  Renault  =  Clarke :  Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Yates  : 
— with,  never  acted  there,  Padlock.  Don  Diego  = 
Reinhold  :  Mungo  =  Quick  :  Leander  =  Du«  Bellamy  : 
Leonora^ Miss  Catley  :  Ursula •=. Mrs.  Green. 

25.  Henry  5th 27.  Stratagem. 

29.  King  Lear  =.  Ross  :  Cordelia  =  Miss  Miller, 
1st  time. 

Nov.  1.  Never  acted  there,  Barbarossa.    Achmet 
=  Savigny  :  Barbarossa  =  Bensley  :  Sadi  =  Hull : 
Othman  =  Clarke  :  Zaphira^Mrs.  Yates  :  Irene  = 
Miss  Miller  : — the  Dramatic  Censor  in  his  review  of 
Barbarossa  allows  Savigny  to  be  the  best  acquisition 
to  the  stage  since  Powell  came  out—  but  at  the  end 
of  the   same   volume   he   says   that    Savigny    had 
scarcely  any  requisite  for  the  stage, 

2.  Love  in  a  Village.  Young  Meadows  =  Palmer, 
from  Dublin,  with  Lethe.  Lord  Chalkstone  and  Old 


C.G.  1770-1771.  30,5 

M  an  =  Shuter:  Drunken  Man  =  Dunstall :  Bowman 
=  Lewes  :  Fine  Lady  =  Mrs.  Gardner. 

5.  Tamerlane.  Moneses  =  Hull :  Arpasia  izMiss 
Miller,  1st  time. 

8.  Lionel  and  Clarissa.  Jenny  (with  alterations) 
=  Miss  Catley  :  Clarissa  =  Mrs.  Mattocks,  1st  time. 

14.  Old   Maid.      Capt.    Cape  =  Dunstall :    Old 
=  Maid  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Mrs.  Harlow  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

15.  Fair   Penitent.     Lothario  =  Smith  :  Horatio 
^Bensley:   Sciolto  =  Ross,  1st  time  :  Altamont  = 
Dyer  :  Calista  =  Mrs.  Yates. 

16.  Confederacy.      Brass   =   Yates,    1st  time  : 
Dick  =  Dyer  :  Moneytrap  =  Shuter  :  Gripe  =  Dun- 
stall  :  Clarissa  =  Mrs.  Lessingham  :  Flippanta  =  Mrs. 
Green  :  Corinna  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Araminta  :=  Mrs, 
Dyer  :  Mrs.  Amlet  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

17.  Englishman   returned   from  Paris.     Buck  = 
Dyer  :  Crab  =  Gibson  :  Macruthen  —  Shuter  :  Lord 
JohnizLewes:  Lati tat = Dunstall :  Tallyhoe = Quick  : 
Lucinda  —  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

22.  Never  acted,  Portrait.  Pantaloon  (guardian 
to  Isabella)  =  Shuter  :  Leander  (his  nephew,  in  love 
with  Isabella)  =  Reinhold  :  Pierrot  (Leander's  ser- 
vant) =  Morris  :  Isabella  (in  love  with  Leander)  = 
Miss  Catley  :  Columbine  (her  maid)  —  Mrs.  Thomp- 
son : — a  large  Portrait  of  Pantaloon  is  discovered  on 
the  stage — Pantaloon  wants  to  marry  Isabella — she 
dissembles  with  him — Pantaloon  pretends  that  he 
must  be  absent  for  some  few  days — Leander  returns 
from  abroad — in  the  last  scene,  Pantaloon  finds  a 
table  prepared  with  a  supper— he  cuts  out  the  head 
of  the  picture,  and  puts  his  own  head  through  the 
hole — the  lovers  after  supper  kneel  to  the  portrait, 

VOL.    V.  X 


306  c   G.  1770-1771. 

and  ask  Pantaloon's  consent  to  their  union — Colum- 
bine says  he  approves  their  suit — Pantaloon,  from 
the  picture,  cries  out — "  it  is  a  lie" — and  then  comes 
forward — at  the  conclusion,  he  resigns  Isabella  to 
Leander — this  Burletta  is  attributed  to  Colman — it 
is  pretty  good  for  the  sort  of  thing— it  is  professedly 
taken  from  a  French  piece. 
23.  Recruiting  Officer. 

30.  Clandestine  Marriage.  Lord  Ogleby^Knive- 
ton,  Isttime:  Sterling  —  Dunstall,  1st  time:  Love- 
well  =  M attocks,  1st  time  :  Sir  John  Melvil  =  Bens- 
ley  :  Brush  =  Dyer  :  Canton  =  Quick  :  Mrs.  Heidel- 
berg =  iVJrs.  Green  :  Miss  Sterling  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  : 
Fanny  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Betty  =  Mrs.  Lessingham  : 
Chambermaid  =.  Miss  Ward  : — Kniveton,  strongly  re- 
commended from  Manchester,  came  in  the  winter  of 
1769  to  York,  and  played  several  characters  with 
merit  and  deserved  success— but  within  the  year  he 
returned  to  Manchester,  from  whence  he  was  en- 
gaged at  C.  G.— he  died  in  the  prime  of  life  at 
Liverpool,  where  he  had  some  share  in  the  theatre 
— (Wilkinson) — the  Dram.  Censor  says  Kniveton 
was  a  very  tolerable  actor  in  Comedy,  but  bad  in 
Tragedy — his  1st  appearance  at  C.  G.  was  April 
24  1770. 

Dec.  3.  Hamlet  =  Smith. 

4.  Cyrus  =  Savigny,  1st  time. 

5.  Brothers.     Lady  Dove  =  Mrs.  Gardner,    1st 
time. 

7.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  Townly  =  Smith  : 
Lady  Townly  =  Miss  D'Arcy,  her  1st  appearance  on 
any  Stage. 

11.  Thomas  and  Sally.     Sally  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 


c.  G.  1770-1771.  307 

12.  Cyrus,  with,  never  acted  there,  Country  Mad- 
cap— (Miss  Lucy  in  Town  with  a  new  name) — Bal- 
lad =  Mattocks:  Cantileno  =  Palmer  :  Zorobabel  = 
Quick  :  Lord  Bawble  =  Lewes  :  Country  Madcap  = 
Mrs.  Mattocks :  Mrs.  Midnight  (Mrs.   Haycock)  = 
Mrs.  Pitt. 

13.  Jovial  Crew.     Springlove  =  Hull  :    Rachel  = 
Miss  Catley,  1st  time. 

17.  Beggar's    Opera.      Macheath   =    Mattocks : 
Peachum  =  Yates  :  Lockit  =  Dunstall :   Filch  =  Hol- 
tom  :  Polly  =  Miss  Catley,  1st  time:  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Baker  :  Mrs.  Slammekin  =.  Mrs.  Green. 

18.  Theatrical  Fund.     Barbarossa,  9th  time. 
21.  Miser. 

26.  George  Barn  well =Wroughton  : — with  Mother 
Shipton,  1st  time.  Harlequin  =  Lewes:  Clown  = 
Quick. 

Jan.  4.  English  Merchant.  Spatter  =  Kniveton, 
1st  time:  Lady  Alton  =  Miss  Macklin,  1st  time: 
Amelia^ Mrs.  Bulkley,  1st  time. 

9.  Brothers.     Young  Bel  fields  Bensley,  1st  time. 

12.  Measure  for  Measure.  Lucio= Yates,  1st  time: 
Isabella  =  Mrs.  Yates,  1st  time  :  —  acted  3  times. 

26.  Goodnatured  Man.  Honeywood  =  Bensley, 
1st  time:  Lofty  =  Kniveton,  1st  time:  Leontine  = 
Wroughton,  1st  time  : — for  rest  see  Jan.  29  1768. 

28.  Othello  =  Ross:  lago  =  Bensley,  1st  time: 
Cassio  =  Clarke  :  Montano  =  Lewes  :  Desdemona  = 
Miss  Miller,  1st  time:  ^Emilia  =  Mrs.  Green. 

29-  Miss  D'Arcy  acted  Mrs.  Sullen— she  had 
acted  Lady  Townly  6  times. 

Feb.  9.  Jealous  Wife.  Oakly  =  Smith,  1st  time  : 
Sir  Harry  Beagle  =  Quick  :  Capt.  O'Cutter  =  Fox  : 

x  2 


308  c.  G.  mo-mi. 

Mrs.  Oakly  =  Mrs,  Yates,  1st  time  :  — rest  as  April 
26  1770, 

23.  Never  acted,  Clementina.  Anselmo(the  chief 
magistrate  of  Venice)  =:  Savigny  :  Granville  =  Bens- 
ley  :  Palermo  =  Wroughton  :  Clementina  (daughter 
of  Ansel  mo)  =  Mrs.  Yates  : — acted  9  times —the  bill 
for  this  evening  was  printed  thus — "  the  part  of 
"  Clementina  by  Mrs.  Yates,  the  other  characters 
"  by  Bensley,"  &c. — Clementina  had  been  privately 
married  to  Rinaldo,  between  whose  father  and  An- 
selmo  there  was  an  ancient  hatred  —  Rinaldo  was 
supposed  to  have  been  killed  in  battle — Anselmo 
wants  Clementina  to  marry  Palermo — she  wishes  to 
devote  the  remainder  of  her  life  to  the  memory  of 
Rinaldo — Rinaldo  comes  to  Venice  as  an  ambassa- 
dour  from  the  King  of  France,  and  under  the  name 
of  Granville — Anselmo  requests  Granville  to  take 
up  his  abode  at  his  house — Anselmo  sees  Clementina 
embracing  Granville — he  calls  for  a  guard,  and  Gran- 
ville is  forced  off — in  the  4th  act,  he  returns — An- 
selmo orders  him  to  be  carried  to  prison  —Clemen- 
tina acknowledges  that  he  is  her  husband,  but  does 
not  acknowledge  who  he  really  is,  as  his  life  would 
be  forfeited  for  having  entered  into  the  service  of 
France — in  the  5th  act,  Granville  and  Palermo  fight 
behind  the  scenes — Granville  enters  mortally  woun- 
ded— Clementina  stabs  herself —this  T.  is  attributed 
to  Kelly — it  is  rather  heavy  throughout,  and  in  the 
political  scenes  dull  to  the  last  degree — it  seems  like- 
wise unaccountable  that  Anselmo  should  not  know 
Granville  to  be  Rinaldo — Rinaldo  is  a  Venetian,  and 
of  such  a  rank,  that  it  is  hardly  possible  that  he 
should  not  be  personally  known  to  Anselmo. 


c.a.    1770-1771.  809 

March  12.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Yates.  Medea. 
Jason  =  Smith  :  Creon  =  Bensley  :  -ZEson  =  Hull  : 
First  Colchian  =  Clarke  :  Medea  =  Mrs.  Yates  : 
Theano  =  Mrs.  Mattocks,  r.  b. 

14.  Smith's  bt.     Timanthes. 

-  For  bt.  of  Yates.     Cyrus  and  Author.      Mrs. 
Cadwallader  =  Mrs.  Yates,  1st  time. 

April  3.  Miss  Macklin's  bt.  Merchant  of  Venice. 
Shylock  =  Macklin  :  —  with  Love  a-la-Mode.  Sir 
Archy  =  Macklin  :  Squire  Groom  =  Lewes,  1st  time  : 
Mordecai  =  Quick. 

5.  Not  acted  8  years,  As  you  like  it.  Touchstone 
(by  particular  desire,  and  for  that  night  only)  = 
George  Alexander  Stevens :  Orlando  =  Smith  : 
Jaques  =  Clarke  :  Adam  =.  Gibson :  Duke  Sen.  = 
Hull:  Amiens  =  Mattocks  :  Rosalind  =  Mrs.  Bulk- 
ley,  1st  time:  Celia  =  Mrs.  Baker: — with  Author. 
Cadwallader  =  Bannister  from  D.  L.  :  Vamp  = 
Quick:  Mrs.  Cadwallader  =  Mrs.  Gardner: — proba- 
bly Mrs.  Bulkley's  bt. 

9.  Bensley's    bt.    Rival   Queens.      Alexander  = 
Smith  :    Clytus  =  Bensley  :    Lysimachus  =  Hull : 
Hephestion  =  Wroughton  :    Cassander  =   Clarke  : 
Statira  (for  that  night  only)  =  Mrs.  Yates  :    Roxana 
zzMiss  Miller,  1st  time  : — with  Padlock.      Leonora 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

10.  Gibson's  bt.  Upholsterer.     Razor  =  Shuter, 
1st  time:  Pamphlet  =  Kniveton,  1st  time. 

12.  Tom  Jones. 

13.  Savigny's  bt.  Jane  Shore.  Hastings  =  Savigny : 
Shore  =  Bensley:    Gloster  =  Clarke:    Belmour  = 
Hull :    Jane   Shore  =  Mrs.   Yates  :    Alicia  =  Miss 
Miller. 


310  c.  G.    1770-1771. 

15.  For  bt.   of  Miss  Ward,  daughter  of  the  late 
Mrs.  Ward.     Macbeth.     Mrs.  Ward  died  March  9. 

16.  Miss  D'Arcy  played  Imogen  for  her  bt. 

20.  Wroughton's  bt.  Barbarossa,  with  (never  acted 
there)  Deuce  is  in  him.  Col.  Tamper  =  Wroughton  : 
Prattle  =  Lewes  :  Bell  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Emily  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks  :  Mad.  Florival  =  Mrs.  Lessingham. 

22.  Younger' s  bt.     Mrs.  Mattocks  acted   Statira. 

24.  Hull's  bt.  Not  acted  30  years,  Winter's  Tale 
(as  originally  written  by  Shakspeare).  Leontes  — 
Smith:  Polixenes^  Bensley  :  Florizel  =  Wrough- 
ton :  Camillo  and  Chorus  =  Hull  :  Antigonus  = 
Clarke  :  Autolycus  —  Du-Bellamy  :  Clown  =  Quick  : 
Old  Shepherd  —  Kniveton  :  Hermione  =  Mrs.  Mat- 
tocks :  Perdita=:  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Paulina  (by  particu- 
lar desire)  =  Mrs.  Hull :- the  Winter's  Tale  was 

printed  by  Bell  in  1773  from  the  Prompt  book  at 
C.  G. — it  is  said  to  have  been  revised  by  Hull, 
whose  alteration  on  the  whole  is  judicious  and 
keeps  pretty  close  to  the  Original — it  is  however 
astonishing  that  Hull  should  leave  out  the  scene  in 
the  5th  act  between  Autolycus,  the  Old  Shepherd 
and  the  Clown — which  he  certainly  did,  if  Bell's 
edition  be  correct. 

26.  For  the  Widow  of  the  late  Mr.  Miles.     Cym- 
beline. 

27.  Mrs.    Lessingham's    bt.     Never    performed, 
Modern  Wife — altered  from  Gay's  Distressed   Wife 
— Bensley — Kniveton  —Wroughton  —  Hull —  Mrs. 
Mattocks — Mrs.  Bulkley—  Mrs.  Gardner  and   Mrs. 
Lessingham  : — with  Love  a-la-Mode.     Sir  Archy  = 

Macklin : Modern  Wife   was  not  acted  a   2d 

time— see  Distressed  Wife  C.  G.  March  5  1734. 


c.  G.  1770-1771.  311 

29-  For  bt.  of  Garton,  Treasurer.  Hamlet. 
Queen  =  Miss  Miller.  1st  time: — with,  not  acted  22 
years,  Merry  Counterfeit,  or  Viscount  a-la-Mode. 
Colley  alias  Don  Chimney-S\veeperio  =  Shuter  : 
Francisco  =  Quick. 

SO.  Miss  Miller  acted  Juliet  for  her  bt.  and  let 
time. 

May  1.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Du-Bellamy. 
Love  in  a  Village.  Rosetta  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — 
with,  never  acted  there,  Commissary.  Zachary 
Fungus  =  Quick  :  Dr.  Catgut  =  Thompson  :  Young 
Loveit  =  Lewes  :  Mrs.  Mechlin —Mrs.  Du-Bellamy: 
Mrs.  Loveit  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

3.  Lewes  acted  Marplot  for  his  bt.  and  1st 
time. 

6.  For  bt.   of  Quick  and  Gardner.      Mahomet. 
Alcanor  =  Gardner  :   Mahomet  =  Bensley  :    Zaphna 
^Wroughton:    Pharon  =  Hull:    Palmira  =  Miss 
Hamilton,  her   1st  appearance   there  : — with  Love 
a-la-M  ode.     Sir  Archy  =  Macklin. 

7.  Yates  acted  Shylock. 

9.  Kniveton's  bt.  Oroonoko  =  Savigny,  1st  time 
this  season  :  Daniel  =  Quick. 

17-  Mrs.  Lessingham  acted  Young  Clackit  by 
desire  and  for  that  night  only. 

30.  Timanthes,  and  Mother  Shipton,  57th  time 
— last  play.  (Sills  from  B.  M.) 

Feb.  27-  1771.  Cure  of  Saul,  an  Oratorio,  r.  b. 
— the  Cure  of  Saul  was  written  by  Dr.  Brown — 
it  was  printed  in  1?63  as  performed  at  C.  G. — it  is 
a  sacred  Ode — not  a  drama. 


312  HAY.  1771. 


HAY.  1771. 

May  15.  Foote  opened  with  the  Devil  upon  two 
Sticks — Mr.  and  Mrs.  Didier  were  engaged. 

June  26.  Maid  of  Bath.  Flint  =  Foote  :  Billy 
Button  =.  Weston  :  Sir  Christopher  Cripple  =  Wood- 
ward :  Major  Racket  =  J.  Aikin  :  Jarsey  —  Didier  : 
Miss  Linnet^ Mrs.  Jewell :  Lady  Catherine  Cold- 
stream  zz  Mrs.  Fearon  :  Mrs.  Linnet^ Mrs.  Collet: 
— Flint  intends  to  marry  Miss  Linnet — Major  Racket 
wishes  to  break  off  the  match,  as  he  has  a  design  on 
Miss  Linnet  himself— he  brings  over  Billy  Button  to 
his  interest — Billy  Button  is  Flint's  principal  adviser 
— Flint's  other  friends  dissuade  him  from  marriage — 
Flint  proposes  to  Miss  Linnet  to  pass  the  night  with 
him  at  his  lodgings,  and  promises  to  marry  her 
the  next  morning — she  resents  the  proposal  as  it  de- 
serves— Sir  Christopher  offers  Major  Racket  2000 
Guineas  with  Miss  Linnet,  if  he  will  marry  her — 
the  Major  accepts  the  offer — Miss  Linnet  demurs,  as 
the  Major  had  lately  seduced  a  milliner's  apprentice 
of  her  acquaintance — she  expresses  her  wish  to  sup- 
port herself  by  her  musical  talents — this  is  a  very 
good  C. — it  is  founded  on  fact — not  only  the  prin- 
cipal characters,  but  also  the  subordinate  ones,  were 
meant  for  persons  really  living  at  Bath — Miss  Lin- 
net was  Miss  Linley — the  real  Major  Racket  was  a 
most  agreeable  companion,  but  a  man  of  libertine 
principles — as  he  was  at  this  time  married,  Foote 
did  him  too  much  honour  when  he  made  the  Major 
in  his  drama  agree  to  marry  Miss  Linnet — in  July 
1772  Major  Racket  and  R,  B.  Sheridan  fought  a 


HAY.  1771.  313 

duel  about  Miss  Linley — in  1773  Sheridan  married 
her — Mrs.  Linnet  and  Major  Racket  lived  till  1820 
— Flint  died  in  1807  >  he  was  latterly  as  famous  for 
his  stinginess,  as  he  had  been  in  his  youth  for  his 
amours. 

July  22.  Maid  of  Bath  12th  time,  with  Tobacco- 
nist. Abel  Druggerzz  Weston  :  Subtle  =  Gardner  : 
Face  =  Robson  :  H  eadlong  =  Vandermere  :  Sir  Epi- 
cure Mammon  =  Gentleman  :  Knowlife  =:  Fearon  : 
Miss  Rantipole=  Mrs.  Didier  :  Doll  Tricksy  =  Mrs. 
Gardner  :  r.  b. — this  is  a  wretchedly  bad  alteration 
of  the  Alchemist  by  [[Gentleman,  or  rather  a  very 
poor  Farce  founded  on  it. 

24.  Brothers.  Capt.  Ironsides  =  Woodward  :  Sir 
Benjamin  Dove  =  Vandermere:  Belfield  Jun.^J. 
Aikin  :  Goodwin  =  Gentleman  :  Philip  =  Didier  : 
Sophia  =  Mrs.  Didier  :  Lady  Dove  —  Mrs.  Gardner: 
— with  a  new  comic  Opera,  called  Dido.  ^Eneas=: 
Dibdin  :  Achates  =  Robson  :  Vulcan  =  Vandermere  : 
Cupid  =  Master  Suett :  Dido  =  Mrs.  Didier:  Venus 
=  Mrs.  Jewell :  Nanny  =  Mrs.  Granger  :  r.  b. — this 
burlesque  Opera  in  2  acts  is  attributed  to  Brydges, 
the  author  of  Homer  Travestie — it  is  founded  on  the 
1  st  and  4th  books  of  Virgil — at  the  conclusion,  Dido 
hangs  herself  in  her  own  garters— she  is  cut  down 
— she  gives  her  hand  kflarbas  —  the  dialogue  of  this 
piece  is  written  with  a  tolerable  degree  of  humour — 
Nanny  is  Anna  Soror — Dido  was  printed  in  1771  — 
the  name  of  Corrielys  stands  to  Tarbas,  but  his  name 
was  not  in  the  bill  for  the  1st  night. 


314  D.  L.   1771-1772. 


D,  L.   1771-1772. 

Sep.  21.  Beggar's  Opera.  Polly  =  Mrs.  Wrighten, 
1st  time:  Lucy  =  Miss  Pope: — her  good  acting  is 
said  to  have  made  up  for  her  deficiency  in  singing. 

26.  Cymbeline.  Imogen  =  M  iss  Younge,  her  1st 
appearance  since  her  return  from  Ireland  : — with 
Mayor  of  Garratt.  Jerry  Sneak  =  Weston. 

28.  Mourning  Bride.     Almeria  =  Miss  Younge, 

Oct.  1.   As  you  like  it.     Rosalind  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

5.  Gamester.  Mrs.  Beverley  =  Mrs.  Barry:  — 
Reddish  spoilt  the  last  scene  by  being  imperfect. 
(Theatrical  Review.) 

8.  Love  in  a  Village.  Young  M  eadows  =  Dodd  : 
Hodge  —  King  :  Margery  =  Miss  Pope. 

10.  Romeo   and    Juliet  =  Cautherley,   and   Mrs. 

Barry: King  paid   £9000  for  three  fourths  of 

Sadler's  Wells. 

12.  Clandestine  Marriage.  Fanny—  Mrs.  Morland. 

15.  Orphan.  Poly  dor  e  =  Cautherley  :  —  rest  as 
Oct.  17  1770. 

17.  Much  ado.     Benedick =  Garrick. 

19.  Plain  Dealer.  Jerry  Blackacre  =  Weston  : 
Fidelia=  Miss  Younge,  1st  time. 

Mrs.  W.  Barry  died  Oct.  21  aged  31— Miss  Burton 
died  Oct.  29,  and  Miss  Haughton  Dec.  6. 

25.  Reddish  and  Mrs.  Barry  acted  Lord  and  Lady 
Townly. 

26.  Amphitryon,  with  Harlequin's  Invasion.  Abram 
=  Weston. 

28.  School  for  Rakes,  with,  never  acted,  Institu- 
tion of  the  Garter.  King  Edward  3d  =  Aikin : 


D.L.  1771-1772.  315 

Genius  of  England  =  Reddish  :  Sir  Dingle,  the  Court 
Fool  -  King :  Nat  Needle  =  Parsons :  Roger= Weston : 
-the  Theatrical  Review  for  1771-1772  speaks  of  this 
as  a  contemptible  piece. 

30.  Douglas.     Lady  Randolph  -  Mrs.  Barry. 

31.  Way  to  keep  him.     Lovemore  =  Reddish,  1st 
time  :    Sir  Bashful  Constant  -  King :   Sir  Brilliant 
Fashion  =  Dodd  :   William  — Baddeley :    Widow  Bel- 
mour  =  Mrs.    Abington :     Mrs.   Lovemore  =  Miss 
Younge,  1st  time:    Muslin  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

Nov.  1.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour— Garrick  was 
taken  suddenly  ill  and  the  play  was  changed  to  the 
West  Indian. 

2.  Recruiting  Officer.  PI  ume  =  Cautherley,  1st 
time:  Brazen  =  King:  Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

4.  (and  5)  Tamerlane.  Tamerlane  =  Aikin  :  Ba- 
jazet  =  Reddish,  1st  time:  Moneses  =  Cautherley,  1st 
time :  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Selima  —  Miss  Hay- 
wood,  1st  time. 

6.  Not  acted  8  years,  Drummer.  Sir  George  Tru- 
man =  J.  Aikin :  Vellum  =  Parsons  :  Tinsel  =  Dodd  : 
Butler  =  Love  :  Gardener  =  Weston  :  Coachman  = 
Moody  :  Abigail  —  Miss  Pope  :  Lady  Truman  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins. 

8.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour.     Kitely  —  Garrick  : 
Master  Stephen  =  Weston,  1st  time. 

9.  Hamlet.     Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Morland. 

11.  Not  acted  7  years,  Miser.     Lovegold  =  King : 
Frederick   =    Brereton  :    Clerimont  =  Cautherley : 
Ramilie  =  Palmer:  Lappet  =  Miss  Pope  :  Mariana  = 
Mrs.  Egerton. 

12.  Fair  Penitent.     Horatio  =  Barry,  his  1st  ap- 
pearance this  season :    Lothario  =  Cautherley  :   Alta- 


316  D.  L.  1771-1772. 

mont  =  Brereton  : — the  Theatrical  Review  says  the 
last  two  performers  acted  wretchedly. 

14.  Love  for  Love.     Sir  Sampson  Legend  =  Love : 
Angelica  zz  Young  Lady,  her  4th  appearance  :  Mrs. 
Frail -Mrs.  Egerton :—  rest  as  Dec.  23  1?69. 

15.  Almida 18.  Zara— as  Jan.  2  1770. 

21.  Jane  Shore.     Hastings  =  Barry :  Shore  =  Red- 
dish :    Gloster  =  Love  :    Jane  Shore  =  Miss  Younge  : 
Alicia  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

22.  Provoked  Wife.     Sir  John  Brute  =  Garrick  : 
Lady  Brute  =  Miss  Younge,  1st  time:   Mademoiselle 
=  Mrs.  Egerton  : — with  Trip  to  Scotland.     Cupid  = 
Miss  Hopkins,  1st  time. 

23.  King  Lear  =  Barry:    Gloster  =  J.  Aikin,   1st 
time  :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

25.  Suspicious    Husband.      Ranger  =  Garrick : 
Strictland  =  Love :  Frankly  =  Aikin  :  Jack  Meggot  = 
Dodd  :    Tester  =  Weston  :  Clarinda  =  Miss  Pope  : 
Mrs.  Strictland  =  Mrs.  Morland  :  Jacintha  =  Miss 
Younge,  1st  time  : — with  Hob  in  the  Well.     Hob  = 
Moody. 

26.  Careless  Husband. 

27.  Hypocrite.      Dr.  Cant  well  =  Moody,  1st  time. 

28.  Stratagem.     Archer  n  Garrick  :  Scrub  =  Wes- 
ton :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs   Barry:  Cherry  =  Miss  Pope. 

29.  West  Indian.     Belcour  =  Reddish,  1st  time. 

30.  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Barry  acted   Lord  and  Lady 
Townly. 

Dec.  2.  Tempest. 

3.  Alchemist.     Abel  Drugger  =  Garrick. 

4.  Timon  of  Athens  was  revived  with  alterations 
by  Cumberland.     Timon  =  Barry  :    Apemantus  = 
Bannister:    Alcibiades=z Crofts,   1st  appearance  on 


D.  L.  1771-1772.  317 

the  stage  :  Flavius  =  Packer :  Lucius  =  Palmer  :  Lu- 
cullus  =  Hurst :  Soldier  =  Baddeley  :  Evanthe  ~  Mrs. 
Barry. 

Act  1st.  The  1st  scene  is  the  same  as  in  the  Origi- 
nal, only  considerably  shortened— 

Timon.  Whither  art  going  ? 

Apemantus.    To  knock  out  an  honest  Athenian's 
brains. 

Timon.  That's  a  deed  thou'lt  die  for. 

Apem.  Right,  if  doing  nothing  be  death  by  the 
law. 

—  these  lines  should  not  on  any  account  have  been 
omitted — the  Banquet  scene  is  still  worse  mutilated — 
the  whole  of  Apemantus'  part  is  omitted — Alcibiades 

falls  in  love  with  Evanthe,    Timon's  daughter 

Davies  properly  observes  that  Timon's  throwing  away 
on  sycophants  that  wealth  which  should  have  been 
his  child's  portion,  extinguishes  all  pity  for  him. 

Act  2d.  After  an  unimportant  scene,  Lucius  enters 
with  Evanthe,  and  makes  love  to  her— they  are  in- 
terrupted by  Lucullus — Alcibiades  next  makes  love 
to  Evanthe,  who  acknowledges  aside  that  her  heart 
is  caught — the  remainder  of  this  act  is  very  judi- 
ciously shortened  from  the  original. 

Act  3d  begins  with  the  scene  between  Lucullus 
and  Timon's  servant — the  other  2  scenes  in  which 
Timon's  friends  refuse  him  money  are  omitted — 
Evanthe  herself  applies  to  Lucius,  whose  love  to 
her  cools,  when  he  finds  Timon  is  ruined — Alci- 
biades promises  her  to  use  his  interest  with  the  Se- 
nate in  favour  of  Timon — Timon  is  dunned  by  his 
creditors  as  in  the  Original — Shakspeare's  scene  be- 
tween Alcibiades  and  the  Senate  is  omitted  and  a 


318  D.L.   1771-1772. 

v 

short  one  substituted  for  it,  which  is  an  improvement 
— the  act  concludes  with  the  banquet  of  hot  water  as 
in  the  Original. 

Act  4th  begins  with  Evanthe  and  Flavius— then  2 
Senators  enter — this  is  a  poor  scene  and  the  more 
censurable  as  to  make  room  for  it,  Timon's  soliloquy 
with  which  Shakspeare  begins  the  act  is  omitted — 
Flavius  says  "  this  base  city  which  now  casts  him 
"  forth" — the  city  did  riot  cast  Timon  forth,  he  cast 
himself  forth — Timon  enters  and  speaks  the  2d  soli- 
loquy— then  follows  the  scene  between  him  and 
Alcibiades  much  shortened,  the  Courtezans  being 
omitted — the  scene  between  Timon  and  Flavius  in 
act  5th  is  transposed  to  this  place,  and  the  act  con- 
cludes with  the  scene  between  Timon  and  Apeman- 
tus  sadly  mutilated — Tirnon's  scene  with  the  Thieves 
and  that  with  the  Poet  and  Painter  are  totally 
omitted. 

Act  5th  is  Cumberland's  with  the  exception  of 
about  2  pages — the  Senators  enter  on  the  walls  and 
surrender  the  city  to  Alcibiades,  who  promises  to 
spare  all  but  his  own  and  Tirnon's  enemies — Evanthe 
intercedes  for  the  Citizens — in  the  next  scene  it  ap- 
pears that  the  treasure  which  Timon  had  found  in 
the  woods,  was  what  Lucullus  had  deposited  there — 
Alcibiades'  soldiers  pillage  Lucius'  house— the  scene 
changes  to  a  wild  country — Tirnon  enters  supported 
by  Flavius — he  is  met  by  Evanthe  who  requests  him 
to  return  to  Athens — Alcibiades  does  the  same — 
Timon  throws  aside  his  misanthropy — is  kind  to  his 
daughter  and  gives  her  to  Alcibiades — he  dies  and 
the  play  ends — the  last  scene  is  not  badly  written  ; 
but  Cumberland  represents  it  as  taking  place  near 


D.  L.  1771-1772.  319 

the  temple  of  Faunus,  an  Italian  Deity,  never  heard 
of  at  Athens,  at  least  not  by  that  name — it  should 
have  been  the  temple  of  Pan— Alcibiades  had  before 
talked  of  Minerva,  and  Evanthe  of  6  Numidian  slaves 
—in  a  scholar  like  Cumberland  such  absurdities  are 
inexcusable  —  in  his  advertisement  he  wishes  he 
could  have  brought  the  play  upon  the  stage  with  less 
violence  to  its  author — this  he  might  have  done,  if 
he  would. 

In  one  respect  his  alteration  is  much  better  than 
ShadwelPs— in  the  original  scenes  which  he  retains, 
he  seldom  makes  any  change  but  omissions — and 
when  he  alters  a  word  or  two,  it  is  for  the  better — 
in  ShadwelPs  play  there  is  scarcely  a  scene  which  he 
has  not  adulterated  by  thrusting  in  something  of  his 
own — the  great  fault  of  both  Shadwell  and  Cumber- 
land is,  that  they  give  us  too  much  of  their  own  and 
too  little  of  Shakspeare — it  is  almost  superfluous  to 
observe  that  their  additions  coalesce  badly  with  the 
Original — they  have  both  improved  that  part  of  the 
play  which  concerns  Alcibiades — see  D.  G.  1678  for 
ShadwelPs  play. 


In  1768  Love  published  Timon  of  Athens  as  altered 
from  Shakspeare  and  Shadwell— it  had  been  acted  at 
Richmond.  Timon  =  Aikin  :  Apemantus  =  Love  : 
Alcibiades  =  Cautherley :  Flavius^Bransby:  Lucius 
=  Keasberry  :  Lucullus  =  Fawcett  :  Evandra  =  Mrs. 
Stephens:  Phrynia^ Mrs.  Baker:  Timandra  =  Mrs. 
Lessingham. 


220  D.  L.  1771-1772. 

Act  1st  differs  little  from  Shakspeare  —  in  the 
Banquet  scene  a  song  is  introduced  from  Shadwell. 

Act  2d  is  chiefly  Shakspeare's — the  scene  in  which 
Timon  is  dunned  is  omitted — and  a  scene  is  intro- 
duced from  Shadwell  between  Timon  and  Evandra — 
Love  omits  ShadwelPs  Melissa,  but  a  good  deal  is 
said  about  her — the  act  concludes  with  the  first  2 
scenes  of  Shakspeare's  3d  act. 

Act  3d  begins  with  Shakspeare's  3d  and  4th  scenes 
— another  scene  between  Timon  and  Evandra  is  in- 
troduced from  Shadwell — then  follows  the  Senate 
scene  and  the  banquet  of  hot  water  from  Shakspeare. 

Act  4th  differs  little  from  Shakspeare — except  that 
Evandra  gives  the  servants  money  instead  of  Flavius 
— and  that  there  is  a  scene  between  her  and  Timon 
partly  from  Shadwell  and  partly  from  Shakspeare — 
Evandra  speaks  what  belongs  to  Flavius  in  the  5th 
act — the  act  finishes  with  some  few  lines  between 
Timon  and  Evandra. 

Act  5th  begins  with  a  Soliloquy  by  Timon  judi- 
ciously transposed  from  the  scene  between  him  and 
Apernantus — the  Thieves  and  Flavius  are  omitted — 
the  Poet  and  Painter  enter  and  then  the  Senators — 
Alcibiades  enters  before  the  Walls — thus  far,  all  (but 
some  few  lines)  is  Shakspeare's  — then  follows  the 
scene  from  Shadwell  between  Timon  and  Evandra 
— with  this  alteration,  that  they  do  not  die  on  the 
stage— the  play  concludes  with  a  short  scene  between 
Alcibiades  and  the  Senators — partly  from  Shakspeare 
arid  partly  from  Shadwell — Love  very  properly  makes 
little  or  no  alterations  in  the  scenes  from  Shakspeare, 
except  omissions — he  alters  Shadwell  for  the  better 
— he  adds  but  little  of  his  own— on  the  whole  his 


D.  L.  1771-1772.  321 

alteration  does  him  credit — it  is  very  superiour  to 
ShadwelPs   or  Cumberland's  —  but  he  would  have 
done   better  to   have   omitted   Shad  well   entirely— 
Lamb's  alteration — (see  D.  L.  Oct.  28  1816) — is  in- 
finitely the  best. 

Dec.  9.  Timon,  2d  time.  Mrs.  Barry  had  been  ill. 

10.  Not  acted  8  years,  Twelfth  Night. 

11.  Guardian.     Heartly  =  Reddish  :  Sir  Charles 
Clackit  =  Parsons  :  Young  Clackit  =  Dodd  :  Lucy  =• 
Miss  Pope  :  Harriet  =  Miss  Rogers. 

13.  Twelfth  Night.  Malvolio  =  King  :  Sir  Andrew 
Aguecheek  =  Dodd  :  Orsino  =  Jefferson  :  Sebastian 
=  Cautherley,   being  their  3d  appearance   in  those 
characters:  Sir  Toby  Belch  =  Love:  Clown ^Ver- 
non  :  Viola  =:  Miss  Younge  :  Maria  =  Mrs.  Egerton  : 
Olivia  (with  a  song) —  Mrs.  Abington,  being  their  2d 
appearance  in  those  characters  : — r.  b. — performed 
14  times — it  was  very  well  acted. 

14.  Timon,  and  Amelia  with  alterations.     Henry 
=  Veraon  :  Sir  Anthony  Withers  —  Parsons  :  Frede- 
rick =  Davies  :  Amelia  =  Mrs.  Hunt:    Patty  —  Mrs. 
Fitzgerald  : — this  musical  Entertainment  is   taken 
from  the  Summer's  Tale— see  C.  G.  Dec.  6  1765, 
and  April  12  1768. 

16.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon=  Garrick  :  Margarita  = 
Mrs.  Egerton. 

26.  Committee.  Obediah  =  Love  :  Ruth  =  Mrs. 
Egerton. 

30.  Country   Girl.       Moody  =  King,    1st   time  : 
Country  Girl  =  Mrs.  Abington. 

31.  Wonder.     Don  Felix  =  Garrick. 

Jan.  7.  Othello  =  Barry  :  lago  =  Reddish  :  Desde- 
mona  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

VOL.  V.  Y 


322  D.  L.   1771-1772. 

8.  Hamlet -Garrick:  Ophelia^Mrs.  Abington. 
11.  Merchant  of  Venice  and  Lethe. 

15.  Merry  Wives.     Mrs.  Page  =  Miss  Ambrose. 

16.  Zara,  and  Lethe,  with  alterations  and  additions 
— Garrick — Vernon — Dodd — Weston — Bannister— 
Baddeley — Moody — Love — Parsons — J.  Aikin,  and 
Miss  Pope. 

Jan.  20.  Never  acted,  Fashionable  Lover.  Colin 
Macleod  (an  old  and  faithful  servant  in  the  family  of 
Lord  Abberville)  =  Moody:  Lord  Abberville  (the 
Fashionable  Lover)  =:  Dodd  :  Mortimer  (a  pretended 
Cynic)  =  King  :  Tyrrel  (his  nephew — in  love  with 
Miss  Aubrey)  =  Reddish :  Aubrey  =  Barry :  Dr.  Druid 
(lately  travelling  tutor  to  Lord  Abberville)  =  Badde- 
ley :  Bridgemore  (a  citizen)  =  Bransby  :  Augusta 
Aubrey  (in  love  with  Tyrrel)  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Lucinda 
Bridgemore  =  Mrs.  Egerton  :  Mrs.  Bridgemore  — 
Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Mrs.  Macintosh  =  Mrs.  Love  : — 
acted  15  times — Miss  Aubrey,  when  a  child,  had 
been  left  by  her  father  to  the  care  of  Bridgemore — 
Aubrey  had  transmitted  to  Bridgemore  a  valuable 
cargo — Bridgemore  had  appropriated  this  to  himself 
— he  hopes  that  Aubrey  is  dead — Lord  Abberville, 
with  a  view  to  repair  his  shattered  fortune,  had  in- 
tended to  marry  Lucinda — he  invites  Bridgemore 
and  his  family  to  a  party,  and  takes  the  opportunity 
of  their  absence  to  steal  into  Miss  Aubrey's  apart- 
ment— he  is  found  there— and  tho*  Miss  Aubrey  is 
perfectly  innocent,  yet  she  is  involved  in  awkward 
circumstances— she  leaves  Bridgemore' s  house,  and 
accepts  of  the  assistance  of  Colin— Colin  places  her 
in  the  house  of  a  woman,  whom  national  prejudice 
makes  him  think  respectable,  because  her  name  is 


D.  L.   1771-1772. 

Macintosh  —  this  woman  informs  Lord  Abherville 
that  she  has  a  beautiful  young  girl  under  her  roof- 
Lord  Abberville  obeys  the  summons — Tyrrel  enters, 
and  then  Miss  Aubrey — Tyrrel  believes  her  to  be 
attached  to  Lord  Abberville,  and  makes  his  exit — 
Mortimer  rescues  her  from  Lord  Abberville — Aubrey 
returns  from  abroad — Bridgemore  is  compelled  to 
refund  the  property  which  he  had  embezzled  —Tyrrel 
marries  Miss  Aubrey — Lord  Abberville  promises  to 

reform Davies  says  this  play  was  well  acted — he 

observes  that  Cumberland  knew  but  little  of  the 
Scotch  dialect  —  and  Cumberland  himself  acknow- 
ledges that  this  was  the  case  — it  is  very  improbable 
that  Aubrey  should  not  have  kept  up  a  correspond- 
ence with  his  daughter,  and  not  very  likely  that  she 
should  put  herself  under  the  protection  of  a  stranger, 
whom  she  meets  in  the  street — but  on  the  whole  this 
is  a  pretty  good  Comedy — Cumberland  is  strangely 
partial  to  it. 

Feb.  4.  Devil  to  Pay.     Nell  =  Miss  Pope. 

5.  Hamlet  =  Garrick  :   Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Abington  : 
this  is  the  3d  time  that  they  acted  the  parts  this 
season — the  1st  was  on  Dec.  23. 

6.  Timon  of  Athens  llth  time. 

From  Feb.  8  to  17  the  theatres  were  shut  on  ac- 
count of  the  death  of  the  Princess  Dowager  of  Wales. 

21.  Orphan.  Chamont  =:  Crofts  :  Monimian:Miss 
Younge,  1st  time  : — with  Institution  of  the  Garter, 
30th  time — it  was  acted  2  or  3  times  more. 

26.  Never  acted,  Grecian  Daughter.  Evander= 
Barry  :  Dionysius  =  Palmer  :  Philotas  =  Reddish  : 
Melanthon  =  Aikin  :  Phocion  =  J.  Aikin  :  Euphrasia 
=  Mrs.  Barry: — acted  about  12  times  —  Barry's 


324  D.  L.   1771-1772. 

illness  probably  prevented  it  from  being  played  more 
frequently — one  or  two  scenes  in  this  T.  are  very  in- 
teresting—on the  whole  it  is  but  a  moderate  produc- 
tion— it  has  met  with  much  better  success  than  it 
deserves — in  the  5th  speech  of  this  play  Murphy  is 
guilty  of  a  sad  blunder  and  confounds  the  Elder 
Dionysius  with  the  Younger — besides  the  making  of 
Evander  King  of  Sicily  is  ridiculous. 

27.  Lying  Valet.     Sharp  =  Dodd. 

29.  Lottery.     Lord  Lace  =  King :  Stocks  =.  Par- 
sons :  Loveniore  =  Bannister :    Lady  Lace  =  Mrs. 
Abington. 

March  12.  Grecian  Daughter,  and  Absent  Man. 

21.  Mrs.  Barry's  bt.  Constant  Couple.  Sir 
Harry  Wildair  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Beau  Clincher  =  Kin g: 
Clincher  Jun.  =  Weston  : — with  Upholsterer. 

24.  King's  bt.  West  Indian,  and  Peep  behind  the 
Curtain. 

26.  (and  31)  Garrick  acted  Bayes. 

28.  Not  acted  20  years,   (probably  not  40)     Timo- 
leon.    Timoleon  =  Reddish :  Eunesia  =  Miss  Younge : 
Cleone  =  Miss   Hay  ward  : — with  Author — this  was 
probably  Reddish's  bt.,  but  the  Manuscript  bill  does 
not  notice  it  as  such. 

30.  Mrs.  Abington's  bt.  Lady's  last  Stake.     Lord 
Wronglove  =  Reddish  :    Lord    George    Brilliant  = 
King,  1st  time  :  Sir  Friendly  Moral  =  Aikin  :    Lady 
Wronglove —  Mrs.  Hopkins  :    Miss   Notable  =  Mrs. 
Abington,  1st  time   there  :    Mrs.   Conquest  =  Miss 
Younge,  1st  time  :  Lady  Gentle  —  Mrs.  Egerton  : — 
with  Linco's  Travels.     Linco  =  King  :  Old  Woman 
=  Mrs.  Bradshaw : — and  Trip  to  Scotland — Pit  and 
Boxes  laid  together,     r.  b. 


b.  L.  1771-1772.  325 

April  4.  Miss  Pope's  bt.  Double  Gallant.  Atall 
=  King :  Lady  Sadlife  =  Mrs.  Abington :  Lady 
Dainty  =  Miss  Pope. 

6.  Dodd's  bt.  Tender  Husband.     Capt.  Clerimont 
=  Reddish:  Humphrey  Gubbin  =  Dodd  :  Sir  Harry 
Gubbin=:Baddeley :  Tipkin  =  Parsons  :    Clerimont 
Sen.  =  Packer :  Pounce  =  J.  Aikin  :  Biddy  Tipkin  = 
Mrs.    Barry,    1st    time:     Mrs.    Clerimont  =  Miss 
Younge  :    Fainlove  =  Miss   Ambrose  : —  witb,   not 
acted  12  years,  Marplot  in  Lisbon.  Marplot  =  Dodd  : 
Don  Perriera  =  Parsons:    Col.  Ravelin  =  Palmer: 
Charles  =  Jefferson  :    Donna  Perriera  =  Miss   Platt : 
Margarita  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw  :  Isabinda  =  Miss  Am- 
brose,    r.  b. 

7.  Love's  bt.  Conscious  Lovers.     Young  Bevil  = 
Reddish:  Tom  =  King:    Phillis  =  Miss  Pope:   In- 
diana =  Mrs.  Barry. 

9.  As  you  like  it,  and  Author.  Cad  \vallader  = 
King  :  Mrs.  Cadwallader  =  Mrs.  Abington. 

11.  Miss  Younge' s  bt.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn 
=  Reddish  :  Almeria  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Zara  =  Miss 
Younge. 

20.  Moody's  bt.  West  Indian,  and  What  d'ye  call 
it.     Kitty  Carrot  =  Miss  Pope. 

21.  Weston's  bt.  Stratagem.     Archer  =.  King  : — 
with  Tobacconist.     Miss  Rantipole  =  Miss  Pope  : — 
see  April  17  1773. 

22.  Cautherley's  bt.  Not  acted  14  years,  Chances. 
1st   Constantia  =  Miss   Younge  :    2d   Constantia  = 
Mrs.  Abington. 

23.  Barry's   bt.   Constant  Couple — as  before — a 
new  Epilogue  by  Mrs.  Barry  as  Sir  Harry  Wildair 


326  D.i.   1771-1772. 


—  tickets  delivered  for  King  Arthur  will  be  taken. 
r.  b. 

25.  Baddeley's  bt.  Macbeth,  with  Humours  of 
the  Turf.  Clara  =  Mrs.  Morland  :—  (B.  M.)—  the 
1st  edition  of  this  Farce  is  said  to  have  been  in  1763 

—  the  2d  edition  was  printed  in  1774  with  the  follow- 
ing cast.     Sir  Marmaduke  Jostle  =  Parsons  :    Mon- 
sieur Parolles  =  Baddeley  :    Tipperairy  =  Moody  : 
Capt.  Rakeit  (son  to  Sir  Marmaduke)  =  Davies  :  Sir 
Samuel  Mortgage  =  Waldron  :    Clara   (daughter   to 
Sir  Samuel)  —  Mrs.  Morland:    Jenny  (her  maid  — 
disguised  as  Lord   Wilton)  =  Mrs.    Davies  :     Miss 
Heartly  =  Miss  Platt  :  —  Scene   Newmarket  —  Time, 
Twelve  Hours  —  Clara  and  Miss  Heartly  are  in  love 
with   Capt.   Rakeit—  at  the   conclusion,  Clara  and 
Capt.  Rakeit  are  united  with  the  consent  of  their 
parents  —  Miss  Heartly  appears  to  be  in  love  with 
another  Capt.  Rakeit  —  this  is  an  indifferent  Farce  — 
it  was  written  by  Downing,  who  seems,  in  1774,  to 
have  been  an  actor  in  the  Coventry  and  Worcester 
Company  —  Sir  Marmaduke  is  a  good  character  — 
the  Frenchman  and  Irishman  are  bad  ones. 

27.  Committee.     Ruth  =  Mrs  Abington. 

29.  Citizen.  Young  Philpot  =  King  :  Maria  = 
Miss  Pope. 

May  2.  Merchant  of  Venice. 

4.  Isabella.     Isabella  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  —  rest  omitted. 

9.  Mrs.  King's  bt.  Wonder.    Don  Felix  =  Garrick. 

12.  Fair  Quaker  of  Deal.  Mizen  =  King  :  Wor- 
thy =  Reddish  :  Dorcas  =  Miss  Younge  :  Arabella  = 
Mrs.  Abington  :  Belinda  =  Miss  Rogers:  —  Manu- 
script bill—probably  bt. 


c.  G.  1771-1772.  327 

13.  Funeral.  Trim  n King  :  Lady  Harriet  =  Mrs. 
Abington  :  Lady  Chariot  =  Miss  Younge. 

20.  Tamerlane.     Arpasia  =  Miss  Younge. 

22.  Double  Gallant.    Lady  Dainty  =  Miss  Younge. 

27.  Lady's  last  Stake.     Miss  Notable  =  Miss  Pope. 

30.  Richard  3d  =  Garrick. 

June  2.  Theatrical  Fund.  Richard  3d  (with  an 
occasional  Epilogue)  =  Garrick  :  Lady  Anne  =  Miss 
Younge. 

,5.  As  you  like  it.     Rosalind  =  Miss  Younge. 

10.  Reddish  and  Mrs.  Abington  acted  Mr.  and 
Mrs.  Oakly— last  bill. 

Bills  from  B.  M. — many  of  tfiem  are  real  bills — 
many  from  newspapers — some  in  manuscript  only. 

Garrick  acted  Benedick  2  times — Kitely  2 — Leon 
3 — Lusignan  2 — Brute  3 — Ranger  3 — Archer  1 — 
AbelDruggerl — Lord  Chalkstone  2 — Hamlet  3 — 
Felix  2 — Bayes  2— Richard  2. 


C.  G.  1771-1772. 

Sept.  23.  Clandestine  Marriage,  and  Commissary. 
25.  Hamlet  =  Sm i th  :   Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Mattocks, 
1st  time  : — with  Midas.     Mysis  —  Mrs.  Green. 

27.  Stratagem.     Scrubs  Quick,  1st  time. 

28.  Kniveton  married  Miss  Ward. 
30.  George  Barn  well  ziWroughton. 


328  c.  o.  1771-1772. 

Oct.  2.  Oroonoko  =  Savigriy. 

4.  Provoked  Husband,  with  Catharine  and  Petru- 
chio,  by  Mrs.  Green  and  Kniveton. 

7.  Earl  of  Essex  — Ross  :  Southampton  —  Wrough- 
ton  :  Burl  eigh  =  Hull :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Hull:  Rut- 
land —  Miss  Miller: — Ross  in  the  course  of  October 
was  appointed  Master  of  the  Revels  in  Scotland, 
with  a  Salary  of  £100  a  year. 

9.  (and  23)  Measure  for  Measure. 

11.  Barbarossa,  with  Intriguing  Chambermaid. 
Drunken  Colonel  =:  Yates  :  Lettice  =  Mrs.  Green. 

15.  Richard  3d  =  Smith:  Queen  =  Miss  Miller, 
1st  time  : — with  Mother  Shipton.  Harlequin  = 
Rayner. 

19.  Brothers.  Capt,  Ironsides  =  Shuter. 

22-24-26-29.  Macklin  acted  Shylock  and  Sir 
Archy  :  Dyer  was  Squire  Groom. 

30.  Miser,  with  Knights.     Hartop  =  Shuter  :     Sir 
Gregory  Gazette  =  Kniveton  :  Tim  =  Yates  :    Jen- 
kins =  Du-Bellamy  :  Jennys  Mrs.  Gardner. 

31.  Macklin  acted  Shylock  and  Sir  Archy  for  the 
last  time  before  his  departure  for  Ireland. 

Nov.  1.  Love  in  a  Village 2.  Fair  Penitent. 

4.  Tamerlane  =  Gentleman,  1st  time:  Bajazet  — 
Smith:  Moneses  =  Wroughton  :  Axalla  =  Hull:  Ar- 
pasia  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Selima  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

5.  Jane  Shore.     Hastings  —  Smith. 

7.  Woodward  acted  Bobadill,  being  his  1st  appear- 
ance there  for  2  years. 

8.  Maid  of  the  Mill,  with  Upholsterer.     Razor  = 
Woodward:  Pamphlet  =  Shuter. 

11.  Timanthes,  with  Apprentice  by  Woodward. 

12.  Miser,  with,  never  acted,  Fairy  Prince.     Sile- 


c.o.   1771-1772.  329 

nus  =  Reinhold  :  Satyrs  =  Mattocks,  Du-Bellamy, 
&c.:  —  acted  more  than  23  times— this  Masque  in  3 
parts  is  said  to  have  been  compiled  by  Colman — it  is 
chiefly  borrowed  from  Ben  Jonson's  Masque  of 
Oberon — it  was  merely  meant  as  a  vehicle  for  repre- 
senting the  principal  solemnities  at  the  late  Installa- 
tion of  the  Knights  of  the  Garter. 

15.  Jealous  Wife.     Sir  Harry  Beagle  =  Quick. 

16.  Busy  Body 19.  Way  to  keep  him. 

21.  English  Merchant.     Spatter  —  Wood  ward. 

22.  Brothers.     Capt.  Ironsides  =  Woodward. 

23.  Cyrus. 

26.  Not  acted  20  years,  Fox.  Volpcne  =  Smith  : 
Mosca  =  Bensley :  Corvino  =  Clarke  :  Voltore  = 
Hull :  Sir  Politick  Wou'dbe  =  Kniveton  :  Bonario  = 
Wroughton  :  Corbaccio  =  Shuter  :  Lady  Wou'dbe  = 
Mrs.  Gardner:  Celia  =  Miss  Miller :— acted  about 
7  times — the  parts  were  all  well  acted,  but  Hull, 
who  was  in  general  natural,  rather  over-did  his  part  in 
the  last  act — Shuter  was  chaste  and  correct  without 
that  over-strained  luxuriancy  of  humour,  which  he 
was  too  apt  to  display — his  bye-play  in  endeavouring 
to  hasten  the  death  of  Volpone,  by  pressing  his 
stomach  with  his  cane,  was  well  imagined.  (  Theat- 
rical Review.) 

Dec.  4.  Love  makes  a  Man 6.  Inconstant. 

7.  Beggar's  Opera,  with  Englishman  in  Paris. 
Buck  =  Woodward. 

9.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  =  Smith :  Brazen 
=  Woodward  :  Sylvia  =Mrs.  Lessingham. 

11.  Never  acted,  Zobeide.  Athamand  (Prince  of 
Persia)  =  Smith  :  Indater  (son  to  Hermodon)  =  Sa- 
vigny  :  Hermodon  (a  Scythian  chief)  =  Clarke: 


330  c.  G.  1771-1772. 

Seyfel  —  Hull :  Zobeide  (his  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Yates  : 
—  with  Commissary —  Commissary  =  Quick  :  Mrs. 
Mechlin  =  Mrs.  Gardner  :  Mrs.  Loveit  =  Mrs.  Pitt : 
—Zobeide  was  acted  11  times — Seyfel  is  an  old 
Persian  general  who  had  served  under  Cyrus,  and 
been  banished  by  Smerdis — he  had  taken  refuge  in 
Scythia,  and  been  treated  by  the  Scythians  with 
kindness  for  4  years — Zobeide,  rather  to  please  her 
father  than  herself,  consents  to  marry  Indater— just 
as  the  ceremony  is  over,  Athamand  enters — he  had 
succeeded  to  the  throne  of  Persia,  and  was  come  to 
bring  home  Zobeide,  with  whom  he  is  in  love — Atha- 
mand calls  on  Indater  to  resign  Zobeide  to  him — 
Indater  refuses — they  go  off  to  fight — Indater  is 
killed — Zobeide  declares  her  fixed  resolution  never 
to  marry  the  murderer  of  her  husband — Athamand 
is  taken  prisoner  by  the  Scythians — Hermodon  in- 
sists that,  according  to  the  Scythian  laws,  Zobeide  is 
bound  to  sacrifice  the  person  who  killed  Indater — 
Zobeide  takes  an  oath  to  slay  a  victim — she  exacts  an 
oath  from  the  Scythians  that  they  will  suffer  the 
Persians  to  return  to  their  own  country  unmolested 
— when  Athamand  is  brought  to  the  altar,  Zobeide 
acknowledges  her  love  for  him,  and  then  stabs  her- 
self— Athamand  follows  her  example — the  author  of 
this  T.  was  Cradock — it  is  far  from  a  bad  play — 
several  parts  of  it  are  well  written,  but  the  plot  is 
too  simple  for  5  acts — history  and  fiction  are  not 
happily  blended — Cradock  would  have  acted  more 
judiciously  if  he  had  made  the  whole  of  his  play 
fiction — one  is  disgusted  at  being  told,  that  Atha- 
mand succeeded  to  the  throne  of  Persia  after  the 
death  of  Smerdis the  writer  of  the  Theatrical 


c.  G.    1771-1772.  331 

Review  says — "  this  piece  is  taken  from  Voltaire's 
"  T.  of  the  Scythians,  which  he  left  unfinished — in 
"  the  preface  to  it,  he  intimates  a  wish  that  it  might 
"  be  completed  by  some  other  hand — Cradock  has 
"  greatly  altered  the  original  in  the  first  3  acts,  and 
"  still  more  so  in  the  4th — the  5th  may,  in  fact,  be 
"  considered  as  entirely  his  own  ;  and  as  the  devia- 
"  tions  from  the  original  piece  are  evidently  for  the 
"  better,  we  have  not  a  doubt  but  Voltaire's  wishes 
"  are  perfectly  completed." 

17.  Theatrical  Fund.  Romeo  and  Juliet,  with  Ca- 
tharine and  Petruchio — Woodward  acted  Petruchio. 

18.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour,  and  Lethe.    Fine 
Gentleman  =  Woodward. 

21.  Othello — Zobeide  was  deferred,  Mrs.  Yates 
being  ill. 

23.  Beggar's  Opera,  with  Man  and  Wife. 
30.  King  Lear  =  Ross. 

Hitherto  the  bills  are  regularly  collected  from  the 
Newspapers — now  begins  a  defective  Manuscript. 
Jan.  4.  Bold  Stroke-    -15.  Love's  last  Shift. 

24.  Zobeide,  9th  time — Cradock  was  a  gentleman 
of  fortune — he  gave  the  profits  of  his  piece  to  Mrs. 
Yates — see    Cradock's  Memoirs  vol.  4  p.  211 — Cra- 
dock in  1826,   published  in  2  vols.  "  Literary  and 
"  Miscellaneous  Memoirs" — he  was  at  that  time  84 
— he  died  soon  after — the  Memoirs  are  entertaining, 
as  Cradock  was  acquainted  with  several  literary  cha- 
racters— 2  posthumous  vols.  were  published  in  1828. 

25.  Othello,  with  a  new  Farce  called  an  Hour 
before  Marriage.     Stanley  (aged  61)  —  Yates  :  Sir 
Andrew   Melville  =  Shuter :  Tardy   (a  lawyer)  = 
Woodward  :  Elwood  =  Wroughton  :  Miss  Melville 


332  C.G.  1771-1772. 

(sister  to  Sir  Andrew)  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — Elwood 
was  in  love  with  Miss  Melville — as  neither  of  them 
had  much  fortune,  her  friends  opposed  the  match — 
he  went  out  to  India — at  the  opening  of  the  piece 
he  is  just  returned  with  £25,000— he  pretends  to  be 
poor — she  accepts  him  notwithstanding — the  bulk  of 
the  plot  is  taken  from  the  Forced  Marriage — see  the 

7th  vol.  of  Moliere  1755 this  piece  was  damned 

on  the  1st  night  without  being  finished,  the  audience 
exhibiting  on  this  occasion  an  instance  of  that  caprice, 
for  which  it  is  impossible  to  account — it  was  written 
by  a  Gentleman  of  Dublin,  who  consigned  it  to 
Colman — Colman,  from  his  friendship  for  the  author, 
wrote  the  Prologue,  and  cast  the  Farce  (or  rather 
C.  in  2  acts)  very  strongly — he  very  properly  pub- 
lished it,  as  it  by  no  means  deserved  the  treatment  it 
met  with — it  bears  a  considerable  resemblance  to  the 
Irish  Widow,  both  the  piecesjbeing  borrowed  from 
Moliere. 

Feb.  1.  Mahomet.  Alcanor  =  Ross  :  Palmira  — 
Mrs.  Yates. 

No  plays  from  Feb.  8  to  17. 

22.  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not. 

March  5.  Never  acted,  Wife  in  the  Right — the 
play  seems  to  have  been  changed  owing  to  Shuter. 

9.  Wife  in  the  Right.  Lord  Seaton  =  Smith :  Col. 
Ramsay  =  Bensley:  Governor  Anderson  —  Shuter: 
Bull  (a  stock  broker)  =  Quick  :  Squeezum  (a  bo- 
rough-jobber) —  Kniveton  :  Varnish  (a  coachmaker) 
=  Morris  :  Mrs.  Frankly  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Lady 
Seaton  =  Miss  Miller  :  Miss  Melville  =  Mrs.  Bulk- 
ley  :  Mrs.  Markam  (woman  to  Lady  Seaton)  =  Mrs. 
Green  :  Lucy  (woman  to  Mrs.  Frankly)  =  Mrs. 


c.  G.   1771-1772.  333 

Gardner  :-- Lady  Seaton  (before  her  marriage)  and 
Miss  Melville  were  great  friends — Lord  Seaton  saw 
them  both — he  gave  the  preference  to  Miss  Melville, 
but  married  the  other  lady — Miss  Melville's  affec- 
tions were  engaged  to  Col.  Ramsay — she  had  left 
her  friend's  house  ;  and  taken  up  her  abode  with 
Mrs.  Frankly,  whom  she  had  known  at  school,  but 
of  whose  real  character  she  was  ignorant — Mrs. 
Frankly  is  a  widow — she  wants  to  induce  the  Gover- 
nor to  marry  her,  and  wishes  at  the  same  time  to 
have  an  intrigue  with  Lord  Seaton — to  this,  Lord 
Seaton  has  no  objection — he  makes  Mrs.  Frankly  a 
visit — he  is  quite  surprised  at  seeing  Miss  Melville 
with  her — he  implores  her  on  his  knees  to  return  to 
her  friends — Lady  Seaton  finds  him  in  that  situation 
— Mrs.  Frankly  puts  the  worst  construction  on  Lord 
Seaton's  behaviour  to  Miss  Melville — at  the  con- 
clusion Lord  and  Lady  Seaton  are  reconciled — and 
Col.  Ramsay  marries  Miss  Melville — Lord  Seaton 
gives  the  Governor  a  letter  from  Mrs.  Frankly,  in 
which  she  expresses  her  love  for  his  lordship, 
and  her  detestation  of  the  Governor — this  is  a  very 
dull  C.  by  Mrs.  Griffith — it  was  acted  but  once — Mrs. 
Griffith  in  her  preface  attributes  this  ill  success  in 
great  measure  to  Shuter — when  Shuter  came  on  this 
evening  a  general  hiss  took  place — upon  which  he 
came  forward  and  said,  that  a  malicious  report  had 
prevailed  that  the  play  had  been  postponed  through 
his  neglect,  but  he  assured  them,  that  he  did  attend 
the  day  it  was  to  have  been  acted,  but  was  taken  sud- 
denly ill  after  rehearsal — if  any  Gentleman  wanted 
to  know  whether  he  had  been  drunk  3  days  before, 
he  acknowledged  that  he  had,  and  begged  pardon  for 


334  c.  G.   1771-1772. 

it — the  play  was  condemned,  but  the  audience  were 
quieted  by  Smith's  assuring  them  that  the  Manager 
would  provide  another  play  for  the  ensuing  night — 
(B.  M.) — see  the  preface. 

21.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Yates.  Ximena.  Don  Car- 
los =  Smith  :  Don  Sanchez  =  Savigny  :  Ximena  (with 
the  Epilogue)  =  Mrs.  Yates: — rest  omitted — add — 
Don  Alvarez  =  Bensley  :  Don  Gormaz  =  Clarke : 
Don  Ferdinand  =.  Hull :  Don  Alonzo  =  Wroughton  : 
Belzara^Mrs.  Mattocks.  (Bell.) 

23.  Woodward  acted  Ranger  for  his  bt. 

24.  Smith's  bt.  Not  acted  10  years,  (acted  May  15 
1765)    Siege  of  Damascus.      Phocyas  =  Smith,   1st 
time  :  Eudocia  =  Mrs.  Yates,  1st  time  : — rest  omitted. 

30.  For  bt.  of  Yates.     Isabella.     Biron  =  Smith  : 
Isabella  =  Mrs.  Yates  : — with,    never  acted  there, 
Choice—see  D.  L.   March  23  1765. 

31.  Never  acted  there,  Twelfth  Night. 

April  4.  Dyer's  bt.  Way  of  the  World.  Mirabel 
=  Smith  :  Witwou'd  =  Dyer  :  Sir  Wilful  Witwou'd 
=  Shuter :  Petulant  =  Woodward  :  Foible  =  Mrs. 
Green  : — rest  omitted. 

7.  Rival  Queens.  Alexander  =  Smith  :  Statira^: 
Mrs.  Yates. 

11.  Bensley's  bt.  Cymbeline.  Imogen  =  Mrs. 
Yates  : — with  Spanish  Lady. 

21.  Hamlet.     Polonius  =  Baddeley  from  D.  L.  : — 
with  Chrononhotonthologos — this  was  Mrs.  Lessing- 
hams  bt. — she  spoke  a  Prologue  to  the  Farce,  but 
was  so  imperfect,  that  a  man  stood  behind  her  with 
a  paper  in  his  hand — Quick  was  Rigdum  Funnidos. 

22.  Miss    Macklin's  bt.      Refusal.     Sir  Gilbert 
Wrangle  =  Yates  :   Charlotte  =  Miss  Macklin. 


HAY.   1772.  335 

25.  Savigny  acted  Don  Felix  for  his  bt. 

May  4.  Winter's  Tale. 

5.  Twelfth  Night.  Mai  volio  =  Yates  :  Sir  Andrew 
Aguecheek  =  Woodward  :  Sir  Toby  Belch  —  Dun- 
stall  :  Orsino  =  Hull  :  Sebastian  =  Wroughton  : 
Clown  =  Dyer  :  Viola  =  M rs.  Yates,  2d  time:  Olivia 
nMrs.  Mattocks  :  Maria  =  Mrs.  Green,  1st  time  : 
— with  Country  Mad-cap.  Zorobabel  =  Quick  :  Lord 
Bawble  =  Lewes  :  Country  Mad-cap  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 
r.  b. 

8.  Not  acted  6  years,  All's  well  that  ends  well.  Pa- 
rolles  =.  Woodward. 

11.  Cato.      Juba  —  Savigny  :  —  with    Cheats  of 
Scapin. 

12.  Richard  3d  =  Larken  : — with  Author.     Cad- 
wallader  =.  Quick. 

13.  Yates  acted  Shylock. 

22.  Citizen.     Old  Philpot  =  Quick. 
June  1.    Macbeth  —  no  more  bills.      (Bills  from 
B.M.) 


HAY.  1772. 

May  15.  Maid  of  Bath.  Sir  Christopher  Cripple 
=  Parsons. 

June  10  or  12.  Never  acted,  the  Cooper.  Martin 
(an  old  Cooper — in  love  with  Fanny)  =  Parsons  : 


336  HAY.   1772. 

Colin  (his  shopman — in  love  with  Fanny)  —  Robson  : 
Twig  (a  drunken  farmer)  —  Weston :  Jarvis  (uncle 
to  Colin )  =  Baddeley  :  Fanny  (in  love  with  Colin)  = 
Mrs.  Jewell : — in  the  last  scene,  Jarvis  insists  that 
Martin  should  pay  him  the  £50  which  he  owes  him 
—  Colin  offers  to  take  the  debt  upon  himself,  if  Mar- 
tin will  resign  Fanny — Martin  determines  to  get  £50 
by  not  doing  a  foolish  thing— this  is  a  poor  musical 
piece  in  2  acts  by  Dr.  Arne. 

29.  Never  acted,  the  Nabob.  Sir  Matthew  Mite 
(the  Nabob)  =  Foote  :  Janus  (his  porter)  =.  Weston  : 
Putty  (a  glazier)  =  Weston  :  Mayor  =  Parsons  : 
Touchit  =  Baddeley :  Sir  John  Oldham  =  Gentleman  : 
Mr.  Oldham  (a  merchant)  =  J.  Aikin  :  Young  Old- 
ham  (his  son)  =  Du-Bellamy  :  Lady  Oldham  =  Mrs. 
Egerton  :  Mrs.  Match'em  (a  procuress)  =  Mrs.  Gard- 
ner :  Sophy  (daughter  to  Sir  John)  =  Miss  Ambrose : 
Crocus  =  Miss  Craven  : — the  Epilogue  by  Mrs.  Fea- 
ron  as  Lady  Catharine  Coldstream.  (B.  M.) — Sir 
John  Oldham's  ancestors  had  long  been  the  repre- 
sentatives of  a  borough  in  the  neighbourhood  of  their 
estate — Sir  Matthew  Mite,  on  his  return  from  India, 
had  by  bribery  gained  his  election  for  the  borough — 
Sir  John  had  been  involved  in  such  expenses  that  he 
was  obliged  to  borrow  a  large  sum — the  Nabob  had 
advanced  the  money  in  another  person's  name — at 
the  opening  of  the  play,  Lady  Oldham  is  enraged  at  a 
letter  from  Sir  Matthew  Mite  in  which  he  offers  to 
marry  Sophy — the  offer  is  made  in  an  insolent  man- 
ner— Sir  John  and  his  family  agree  to  reject  the  offer 
— at  the  conclusion,  Rapine  arrests  Sir  John  on  the 
Nabob's  account — Mr.  Oldham  pays  the  demand — 
Lady  Oldham  consents  to  the  union  of  Young  Old- 


HAY.    1772.  337 

ham  and  Sophy— the  Mayor  and  Touchit  belong  to 
the  Christian  Club  in  the  borough  of  Bribe'em— they 
offer  the  Nabob  to  sell  him  the  nomination  of  the 
members  at  the  ensuing  election  — in  the  course  of 
their  conversation,  Sir  Matthew  observes  that  the 
man  who  does  so  and  so,  ought  to  be  hanged  - 
Touchit  cautions  Sir  Matthew  not  to  talk  about  hang- 
ing, as  the  Mayor's  brother  was  lately  hanged  — Sir 
Matthew  then  says,  that  such  a  man  deserves  to  be 
damned — Touchit  replies—"  That's  right !  stick  to 
"  that !  for  tho'  the  Christian  Club  may  have  some 
"  fears  of  the  gallows,  they  don't  value  damnation  of 
"  a  farthing" — in  the  3d  act,  Sir  Matthew  having 
been  elected  a  member  of  the  Antiquarian  Society, 
makes  some  useless  presents,  and  addresses  a  speech 
to  them — he  is  afterwards  grievously  annoyed  by  the 
familiarity  of  Phil.  Putty,  who  was  at  school  with 
him,  and  who  wants  to  renew  the  acquaintance — 
this  is  a  very  good  C.  in  3  acts  by  Foote. 

July — .  Never  acted,  Cupid's  Revenge.     Sir  Gre- 
gory Greybeard  =  Parsons  :    Amaranthus  =  Robson  : 

Ninny  nWeston:  Cupid  =  Master :  Tulippa  = 

Mrs.  Jewell :  Hyema=  Mrs.  Parsons:  CulinanMrs. 
White : — this  is  one  of  the  most  inconsistent  pieces 
ever  written — the  author  calls  it  an  Arcadian  Pasto- 
ral, and  lays  the  scene  in  Arcadia — yet  he  has  so  little 
sense  of  propriety  as  to  make  Sir  Gregory  one  of 
his  D.  P.  and  to  introduce  many  modern  expressions 
— if  these  gross  absurdities  had  been  avoided,  it 
might  have  passed  without  any  particular  censure  as 
an  insipid  Musical  Entertainment — it  is  attributed  to 
Gentleman — the  plot  is  stolen  from  Love's  Revenge. 

VOL.    V.  Z 


338  LIVERPOOL    BILLS   1772. 


LIVERPOOL  BILLS  1772. 

May  4  1771.  Gibson's  Patent  for  a  theatre  at 
Liverpool  for  21  years  passed  the  great  seal — (B.  Jf.) 
— he  died  not  long  after — his  Epitaph  is  in  the  Lon. 
Mag.  for  July  1771 . 

June  5  177%.  Mahomet.  Zaphna  =  Wroughton  : 
Palmira  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  •:—  with  Deuce  is  in  him. 
Prattle  =  Quick. 

12.  Jane  Shore.      Hastings  =  Wroughton:    Jane 
Shore  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

13.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  Townly  =  Wrough- 
ton :  John   Moody  =  Quick :    Lady  TownlynMrs. 
Mattocks. 

15.  Romeo  and  Juliet.  Romeo  =  Wroughton : 
Mercutio  =  Palmer  : — with  Virgin  Unmasked.  Cou- 
pee  =  Quick. 

17.  West  Indian.  Major  OTlaherty  -  Pajmer  :— 
with  Author.  Cadvvallader  and  Vamp  =  Quick. 

20.  Fashionable  Lover.  Mortimer  =  Palmer  : 
Tyrrel  =  Wroughton  :  Dr.  Druid  =  Quick. 

24.   Tamerlane.     Bajazet^  Palmer. 

July  8.  Cato.     Semproriius  =  Palmer. 

10.  Clandestine  Marriage.  Brush  =  Quick  :  Sir 
John  Melvil  =  Palmer  : — with  Lethe.  Old  Man  = 
Quick  :  Fine  Gentleman  =  Palmer. 

13.  Macbeth  =  Palmer :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins. 

15.  Palmer  acted  Sir  Bashful  Constant. 

17.  Quick  acted  Pan. 


D.  L.   1772-1773.  339 

24.  Quick  acted  Sir  Andrew  Aguecheek. 

27.  Palmer  acted  lago. 

Aug.  3.  Palmer  acted  Barbarossa. 

12.  Timanthes  =  Wroughton :  Demophoon  = 
Palmer  : — with  Apprentice  by  Palmer. 

14.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Clodio  =  Palmer. 

17.  Hamlet  =  Wroughton  :  Horatio  =.  Palmer  : 
Polonius  =  Quick. 

1 9«  Palmer  acted  Major  Sturgeon. 

24.  Contrivances.     Argus  =  Quick. 

28.  Countess  of  Salisbury.     Al win  =  Wroughton  : 
Morton  =  Palmer  : — with  High  Life.    Lovel  =  Quick. 

31.  Packer's  bt.     Theodosius  =  Packer  :  Varanes 
=  Wroughton  :   Marcian  =  Palmer. 
Sep.  2.  Palmer  acted  Lissardo. 
14.  Quick  acted  Lord  Trinket.  (From  Mr.  Field.) 


D.  L.  1772-1773. 

Sep.  19.  Cymbeline,  and  Lyar.     Miss  Grantham 
=  Mrs.  Egerton. 

24.  Beggar's   Opera,   and  High  Life.      Kitty  = 
Miss  Pope. 

26.  West  Indian.    Louisa  Dudley  =  Miss  Mansell, 
1st  appearance  there. 

Oct.  1.    (and  8)    Romeo  and  Juliet.     Romeo  = 
Dimond,  his  1st  appearance  on  any  stage :  Juliet  = 

7    2 


340  D.  L.  1772-1773. 

Miss  Mansell,  her  2d  appearance  there  : — see  Irish 
Stage  Oct.  1769. 

6.  Fair  Penitent.     Horatio  =  Barry. 

8.  Twelfth  Night.     Orsino  =  Brereton,  1st  time. 

13.  Grecian  Daughter.     Calippus  =  J.  Bannister  : 
— with  Register  Office. 

14.  Garrick  acted  Sir  John  Brute. 

15.  Way  to  keep  him.     Lady  Constant=:Mrs.  Ro- 
binson, 5th  appearance  on  any  stage  : — with  Institu- 
tion of  the  Garter. 

16.  (19  and  26)  Alexander  the  Great.    Alexander 
=  Clinch,  his  1st  appearance  there  :  (see  Irish  Stage 
1767-1768)  Clytus  =  Aikin,  1st  time  :  Cassander  — 
Palmer  :    Statira  =  Miss  Mansell :   Roxana  =  Miss 
Younge,  1st  time  -.—with  Mayor  of  Garratt.    Major 
Sturgeon  —  Bannister :  Jerry  Sneak  =  Weston  :  Mrs. 
Sneak^  Miss  Pope. 

19.  Harlequin's  Invasion.     Old  Woman  =  Dodd. 

21.  Rehearsal.  Bayes  —  Garrick  :  Johnson  —  Jef- 
ferson :  Smith  =  J.  Aikin :  other  characters  by  Weston 
— Baddeley — Palmer —Parsons — Moody,  &c. 

23.  Gamester.     Mrs.  Be verley  =  Miss  Younge  :  — 
with,  never  acted,  Irish  Widow.     Whittle  =  Parsons  : 
Kecksey  =  Dodd :    Sir  Patrick  O'Neale  =  Moody  : 
Thomas  =  Weston:  Bates  =  Baddeley :  Nephew  — 
Cautherley  :  Widow  Brady  =  Mrs.  Barry  : — this  is  a 
very  good  Farce — all  the  parts  were  very  well  acted, 
particularly  Kecksey  arid  the  Widow — Garrick  has 
borrowed  the  bulk  of  this  piece  from  Moliere's  Forced 
Marriage — see  the  7th  vol.  of  Moliere  1755 — Keck- 
sey and  Thomas  are  new  characters. 

24.  Mourning  Bride.     Osmyn  =  Barry  :  Zara  = 
Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Almeria^Miss  Younge. 


D.  L.   1772-1773.  341 

28.  Fashionable   Lover.      Miss   Aubrey  =  Miss 
Younge. 

29.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour.   Kitely  —  Garrick  : 
Dame  Kitely  =  Miss  Younge. 

30.  Not  acted  14  years,   Gamesters.     Wilding  = 
King:  Hazard  (with  a  song)  =  Reddish  :  Barnacle 
= Parsons  :  Nephew  =  Dodd:  Penelope = Mrs.  Abing- 
ton  :  Mrs.  Wilding  =  Miss  Younge. 

31.  Othello  =  Barry :  Desdemona  =  Miss  Younge, 
1st  time. 

Nov.  3.  Much  ado.  Benedick  =  Garrick  :  Leonato 
—  Aikin:  Hero  =  Miss  Mansell,  1st  time. 

4.  Tamerlane  =  Aikin :  Bajazet  =  Palmer,  1  st  time: 
Moneses  =  Reddish  :  Arpasia  —  Mrs.  Barry  :  Selima 
mMiss  Mansell : — Barry  was  probably  ill — his  name 
was  at  the  bottom  of  the  bill  Nov.  3  for  Bajazet. 

6.  Maid  of  the  Mill.     Mervin  =  J.  Bannister. 

7.  Zara.      Lusignan  =  Garrick  :     Zara  =  Mrs. 
Barry,     r.  b. 

9.  London  Merchant.  George  Barn  well  —  Cau- 
therley  :  Milwood  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Maria  =  Miss 
Mansell :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Egerton. 

12.  King  Arthur.  Emmeline  =  Miss  Younge,  1st 
time  : — Miss  Hayward  seems  to  have  left  the  stage. 

15.  Clandestine  Marriage.  Fanny  =  Miss  Mansell, 
1st  time. 

17.  As  you  like  it.     Rosalind  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

20.  Alchemist.  Abel  Drugger  =  Garrick  :  Subtle 
=  J.  Aikin,  1st  time: — with  Author.  Cadwallader 
=  King:  Vamp  =  Moody:  Mrs.  Cadwallader  =  Mrs. 
Egerton. 

27.  Garrick  acted  Ranger — and  Leon  on  30. 


342  D.  L.  1772-1773. 

28.  Barry  and  Mrs.  Barry  acted  Lord  and  Lady 
Townly. 

Dec.  2.|Gamesters,*with,  never  acted,  Rose.  Lord 
Gainlove  =  Vernon  :  Sir  Humphrey  Carbuncle  = 
Bannister :  Jack  Rattle  =  Dodd  :  Millclack  =  Miss 
Weller  :  Serina  Violet  =  Mrs.  Smith : — there  are 
several  other  characters — Lord  Gainlove's  father  had 
enjoined  him  to  invite  every  marriageable  lady  within 
5  miles  to  celebrate  his  21st  birthday — with  a  request 
that  each  of  them  would  bring  a  Rose — Lord  Gain- 
love  is  to  marry  the  lady  who  shall  bring  a  rose 
which  can  never  decay — all&the  ladies  bring  roses, 
except  Serina — she  says,  that  by  the  rose,  which  can 
never  decay,  is  meant  virtue — Lord  Gainlove  marries 
her — this  Opera  was  acted  but  once — it  is  said  in 
the  titlepage  to  have  been  written  by  a  Gentleman 
Commoner  of  Oxford — it  might  have  been  written 
by  a  boy  at  school. 

7.  Garrick  acted   Bayes,    and   Dodd   the    Lying 
Valet,     r.  b. 

8.  Never  acted,  the  Duel.     Melville  (a  banker)  = 
Barry:  Hargrave  (his  cash-keeper)  =  King :  Young 
Melville  (an  officer  in  the  Guards)  =  Reddish  :  Bar- 
fort  =  Brereton  :  Sir  Dermot  O'Leinster  =  Moody  : 
his  Servant  =  Westonl:  to  the  part  of  Young  O'Lein- 
ster there  is  no  name:  Lady  Margaret    Sinclair  = 
Miss  Younge*:]; Maria  =  Mrs.  Barry:  Mrs,  Melville 
=  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Miss  Melville  =  Miss  Jarrat : — 
acted  but  once — Young  Melville  has  a  quarrel  with 
Young  O'Leinster — a  challenge  is  the  consequence 
— Young  Melville  is  very  desirous  to  get  out  of  the 
house  without  seeing  his  father— he  is  not  able  to 


D.  L.  1772-1773.  343 

effect  his  purpose— and  obliged  to  acknowledge  the 
truth  —  Melville,  with  the  utmost  anxiety  on  his 
mind,  feels  it  as  a  duty  to  assume  the  appearance 
of  tranquillity,  that  his  wife  and  the  rest  of  the 
family  may  not  be  alarmed— it  is  the  wedding  day  of 
his  daughter  with  Barfort — the  Duel  ends  with  the 
reconciliation  of  the  parties  —  Maria  had  been 
brought  up  by  Melville — she  is  the  daughter  of  a 
friend  from  whom  he  had  received  favours  at  the 
time  when  he  most  wanted  them — it  had  been  al- 
ways his  wish  that  his  son  should  marry  her — the 
young  people  are  mutually  in  love — and  the  piece 
ends  with  their  union — Melville  is  the  son  of  a 
Scotch  Earl,  whose  estate  had  been  confiscated  at 
the  conclusion  of  the  rebellion  in  1715 — he  had 
made  a  handsome  fortune  as  a  banker,  but  would 
not  take  up  his  father's  title — his  sister,  Lady  Mar- 
garet Sinclair,  has  a  great  contempt  for  trade,  and 
a  vast  deal  of  family  pride— she  is  an  excellent  cha- 
racter— this  C.  was  written  by  Obrien  the  actor — 
it  is  professedly  founded  on  a  French  piece  called 
"  The  Philosopher  without  knowing  it " — the  Duel 
is  on  the  whole  a  good  play — it  must  be  added  to  the 
list  of  the  pieces  which  have  been  unjustly  con- 
demned— Barry  and  Miss  Younge  are  said  to  have 
acted  particularly  well. 

15.  Garrick  acted  Don  Felix. 

17.  Not  acted  5  years,   All  for  Love.     Antony  = 
Barry :  Ventidius  =  Aikin,  1st  time :  Dolabella  = 
Palmer:  Cleopatra  =  Miss  Younge,  1st  time  :  Octa- 
via=Mrs.  Barry,  1st  time. 

18.  H  amlet,  with  alterations — Hamlet  =  Garrick  : 
King  =  Jefferson  :   Ghost  =  Bransby :  Horatio  = 


344  ».  L.  1772-1773. 

Packer  :  Laertes  =  J.  Aikin  :  Polonius  =  Baddeley  : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Smith,  1st 
time  : — Garrick  was  so  foolish  as  to  make  an  alter- 
ation of  Hamlet,  but  he  was  not  so  rash  as  to  print 
it,  tho'  he  once  intended  to  do  so — he  divided  the 
acts  differently,  but  made  no  great  change  in  the 
language  till  towards  the  close  of  the  play — the  plot- 
ting scenes,  between  the  King  and  Laertes  to  destroy 
Hamlet,  were  entirely  changed,  and  Laertes  rendered 
more  estimable — Hamlet,  having  escaped  from  Ro- 
sencrantz  and  Guildenstern,  returned  with  a  firm 
resolution  to  avenge  the  death  of  his  father — the 
Gravediggers  and  Osrick  were  absolutely  thrown  out 
of  the  play  ;  the  audience  were  not  informed  of  the 
fate  of  Ophelia ;  and  the  Queen  instead  of  being 
poisoned  on  the  stage,  was  led  from  her  seat  and 
said  to  be  in  a  state  of  insanity  owing  to  her  sense  of 
guilt — when  Hamlet  attacked  the  King,  he  drew  his 
sword,  defended  himself  and  was  killed  in  the  ren- 
counter— Laertes  and  Hamlet  died  of  their  mutual 
wounds.  (Davies.) 

What  Garrick  did  on  this  occasion  proves  that  a 
very  good  actor  may  be  a  very  sorry  critic — the 
Editor  of  the  B.  D.  observes  that  "  as  the  heroes  of 
"  the  stage  have  been  often  styled  the  best  com- 
"  mentators  on  Shakspeare,  it  is  time  to  remark 
"  that  this  sentiment  has  little  pretence  to  the  degree 
"  of  credit,  which  it  seems  to  have  obtained — 
"  the  utmost  a  player  can  do,  is  to  deliver  lines, 
"  which  he  understands,  with  propriety,  energy  and 
"  grace — here  his  power  commences  and  here  it 
"  ends — it  is  necessary  therefore  that  the  applause 
"  which  has  been  hitherto  lavished  on  histrionic  com- 


D.  L.   1772-1773.  34$ 

"  mentatorship  should  be  confined  within  its  proper 
"  limits,    and  that   a  line   of  separation  should  be 
"  drawn  between  the  offices  and  requisites  of  the 
"  scholar  and  the  actor — between  the  undertaking 
"  that  demands  some  degree  of  capacity  and  learn- 
"  ing,  and  that  which  may  be  satisfactorily  executed 
"  by  the  mere  aid  of  imitation  and  sensibility — a  late 
"  actress  of  unrivalled  excellence  in  both  Tragedy 
"  and  Comedy  together  with  a  young  actor  of  the 
"  highest  promise,  were  known  to  have  possessed 
"  understandings  of  no  greater  extent  than  the  plat- 
"  form  on  which  they  stood — they  were  happy  in  a 
"  strong  theatrical  conception,  and  from  that  single 
"  circumstance  their  success  was  derived" — the  Edi- 
tor of  the  B.  D.  probably  alludes  to  Mrs.  Pritchard 
and  Powell — Garrick  had  been  often  styled  the  best 
commentator  on  Shakspeare,  but  those  who  called 
him  so  could  hardly  mean  to  be  understood  literally 
— the  expression  however  was  injudicious,  and  pro- 
bably tended  to  make  Garrick  fancy  himself  a  critic. 
Wilkinson  wished  to  have  had  a  copy  of  Hamlet 
as  acted  at  D.  L. — Victor  said  to  him  in  a  letter — 
"  it  is  not  in  my  power  to  send  you  the  corrections 
"  lately  made  in  Hamlet,   no  such  favour  can   be 
"  granted  to  any  one — I  presume  the  play  will  never 
"  be  printed  with  the  alterations,  as  they  are  far  from 
"  being  universally  liked ;  nay  they  are  greatly  dis- 
"  liked  by  the  million,  who  love  Shakspeare  with  all 
"  his  glorious  absurdities,  and  will  not  suffer  a  bold 
"  intruder  to  cut  him  up" — Victor  adds  that  the  4th 
scene  in  the  4th  act  between  the  Captain,  Hamlet, 
&c.  was  restored. 

Wilkinson  thus  disappointed  determined  to  make 


346  D.L.  1772-1773. 

an  alteration  himself— this  he  has  published  in  his 
Wandering  Patentee — he  divides  the  acts  much  as 
Garrick  had  done — in  the  5th  act  Hamlet  fights  with 
the  King  and  kills  him — the  Queen  runs  out  shriek- 
ing— Laertes  kills  Hamlet,  but  is  not  killed  himself — 
Wilkinson,  in  professed  imitation  of  Colley  Gibber, 
that  great  improver  of  Shakspeare,  inserts  passages 
from  some  of  his  other  plays — in  particular,  the  fine 
scene  of  Cardinal  Beaufort's  death — the  King  speaks 
what  belongs  to  the  Cardinal. 

Garrick's  acting  in  some  degree  reconciled  the 
public  to  his  alteration  of  Hamlet,  and  the  play  in  its 
mangled  state  continued  on  the  stage  at  D.  L.  even 
after  Garrick's  retirement —on  April  21  1780  the 
original  was  revived  and  Garrick's  alteration  was  no 
more  heard  of. 

Hamlet  was  one  of  Garrick's  great  characters — 
on  the  first  appearance  of  the  Ghost,  such  a  figure 
of  consternation  was  never  seen  ;  after  an  interval 
of  suspense,  he  spoke  in  a  low  trembling  accent  and 
uttered  his  questions  with  the  greatest  difficulty — in 
the  description  of  man  arid  his  powers  in  act  2d,  his 
energy  was  striking — in  the  soliloquies  he  exceeded 
all  competitors — in  the  closet  scene  he  was  highly 
interesting,  warm  and  pathetic.  (Murphy  fy  Davies.} 

Davies  censures  very  properly  the  stage  trick  of 
Hamlet's  throwing  down  the  chair  on  the  appearance 
of  the  Ghost — arid  Ireland  tells  us  that  the  chair,  on 
which  Garrick  used  to  sit,  was  different  from  that 
appropriated  to  the  Queen,  the  feet  being  tapered, 
and  placed  so  much  under  the  seat  that  it  fell  with 
a  touch. 

Garrick's  alteration  of  Hamlet  was  probably  made 


D.  L.   1772-1773.  347 

rather  with  a  view  of  obviating  Voltaire's  criticisms 
than  in  the  spirit  of  Bottom  the  Weaver,  as  the  Edi- 
tor of  the  B.  D.  supposes— certain  however  it  is, 
that  latterly  he  took  care  to  have  no  performer  in  the 
play  that  could  divert  the  attention  of  the  audience 
from  himself — he  ought  to  have  been  above  this — 
he  did  not  stand  in  need  of  Bransby,  Packer  and 
Mrs.  Hopkins  to  set  him  off  as  foils. 

Voltaire  in  the  preface  to  his  Semiramis  says — 
"  I  do  not  mean  to  justify  the  Tragedy  of  Hamlet  in 
"  every  particular,  it  is  in  fact  a  barbarous  piece, 
"  abounding  with  gross  absurdities — the  hero  of  the 
"  play  runs  mad  in  the  2d  act,  and  his  mistress  meets 
"  with  the  same  misfortune  in  the  3d — the  Prince 
"  takes  Ophelia's  father  for  a  rat,  arid  kills  him — in 
"  despair  she  throws  herself  into  a  river — her  grave 
"  is  dug  on  the  stage — the  gravedigger,  with  a  skull 
"  in  his  hand,  amuses  himself  with  a  string  of  miser- 
"  able  jests,  and  the  Prince  answers  him  in  language 
"  equally  disgusting — Hamlet,  his  mother  and  father- 
"  in-law  drink  together  on  the  stage — they  divert 
"  themselves  with  bottle  songs,  (Chansons  a  boire) 
"  they  quarrel,  they  fight,  they  kill — one  would  im- 
"  agine  this  play  the  production  of  a  drunken 
"  savage — and  yet  among  these  absurdities,  which 
"  render  the  English  drama  absolutely  barbarous, 
"  there  are  some  strokes  in  Hamlet  worthy  of  the 
"  most  exalted  genius" — to  this  Murphy  replies — 
"  Hamlet  does  not  run  mad,  he  only  counterfeits 
"  madness— nobody  ever  imagined  that  he  thinks  he 
"  is  killing  a  rat,  when  he  slays  Polonius  ;  he  takes 
"  him  for  his  better,  meaning  the  King,  and  the  rat 
"  is  only  mentioned  to  save  appearances — Ophelia 


348  D.  L.  1772-1773. 

"  does  undoubtedly  run  mad,  but  her  distress  is  per- 
"  haps  the  most  pathetic  on  any  stage — it  is  true  she 
"  sings  in  misery,  and  that  is  not  usual  in  tragedy — 
"  but  it  occurs  in  nature,  and  what  Shakspeare  saw 
"  in  nature,  he  transplanted  into  his  drama — he 
"  knew  of  no  rules  to  restrain  him,  and  if  he  did,  he 
"  scorned  the  restraint — the  beauty  of  Ophelia's 
"  madness  consists  in  this ;  it  gives  the  actings  of 
"  the  mind — it  shows  the  course  of  ideas  in  a  dis- 
"  turbed  imagination — arid  the  poet,  who  can  thus 
"  turn  the  heart  inside  out,  does  more  than  pompous 
"  declamation  ever  attained — that  Ophelia's  grave  is 
"  dug  on  the  stage  cannot  be  denied ;  but  that  very 
"  indecorum  produces  a  string  of  beautiful  reflections, 
"  and  such  a  vein  of  morality,  as  cannot  be  paralleled 
"  by  the  Scene  Francoise — I  cannot  recollect  that 
"  Hamlet  ever  shocked  me  with  miserable  jests  upon 
"  this  occasion — nor  do  I  remember  that  any  of  the 
"  personages  are  such  honest  bottle  companions  as  to 
"  carouse  and  sing  merry  catches  on  the  stage.* 

"  In  one  of  your  letters  concerning  the  English 
"  nation,  you  are  pleased  with  a  saying  of  the  late  Lord 
"  Bolingbroke  in  relation  to  the  Duke  of  Maryborough 
"  — <  he  was'  replied  that  ingenious  nobleman  when 
"  his  opinion  was  asked  '  so  great  a  man  that  I  have 
"  «  forgot  his  faults' — something  like  this  might  have 
"  been  your  judgment  of  Shakspeare — and  give  me 
"  leave  to  add,  it  was  more  peculiarly  incumbent  upon 


*  In  this  last  paragraph  Murphy  is  too  civil  by  half,  Voltaire 
had  advanced  a  barefaced  falsehood  and  deserved  to  have  been 
treated  without  ceremony. 


D.L.  1772-1773.  349 

11  you  to  treat  his  memory  with  respect,  because,  I  ap- 
"  prehend  you  owe  very  great  obligations  to  him  in 
"  many  of  your  dramatic  writings."  (Gray's  Inn 
Journal  No.  41.) 

A  Gentleman  said  in  defence  of  Shakspeare,  that 
the  Vulgar  characters  introduced  in  his  Tragedies, 
tho'  low,  were  natural — "  avez  permission,"  replied 
Voltaire,  "  man  cul  est  bien  dans  la  nature,  et  cepan- 
"  dant  Je  porte  culotte.  (Dr.  Moore  probably.) 

"  Unhousel'd,  unanointed,  unanneal'd"— 

thus  Bell  printed  this  line  in  1773  from  the  Prompt 
book  of  C.  G. — the  true  reading  is 

"  Unhousell'd,  disappointed,  unaneal'd," 

unhouselPd  is  not  having  received  (what  is  usually 
called)  the  Sacrament — disappointed  is  the  same  as 
unappointed,  and  means  unprepared — but  unanointed 
is  absurd,  as  that  is  precisely  of  the  same  meaning 
as  the  word  that  follows — ele  is  the  Saxon  for  oil — if 
the  excellent  note  in  Johnson  and  Steevens'  Shaks- 
peare, which  proves  that  unaneaFd  means  not  hav- 
ing had  extreme  unction,  wanted  any  confirmation, 
it  might  receive  it  from  a  passage  in  Cavendish's 
Life  of  Wolsey — "  when  the  Cardinal  was  dying 
"  they  sent  for  the  Abbot  to  annoyle  him." 

Porson  had  a  most  happy  knack  at  quotation— on 
being  made  Greek  Professor  at  Cambridge  in  1792, 
he  read  in  the  schools  a  dissertation  on  the  Hecuba 
of  Euripides,  on  which  Gilbert  Wakefield  thought 
proper  to  make  some  remarks — not  long  after,  it  was 
agreed  one  evening  in  the  Combination  room  at 
Trinity  College,  that  each  person  in  company  should 


350  D.  L.   1772-1773. 

give  a  Gentleman  as  a  Toast,  with  some  passage 
from  Shakspeare  applicable  to  him  ;  Porson  told  me 
that  he  sat  very  quiet,  being  well  satisfied  that  no 
one  would  anticipate  his  quotation — when  it  came 
to  his  turn,  he  gave  Gilbert  Wakefield  and  said  from 
Hamlet — 

"  What's  Hecuba  to  him,  or  he  to  Hecuba  ?" 

Dec.  21  and  23.  Hamlet,  with  alterations. 

22.  Orphan.  Castalio  =  Barry  :  Chamont  =  Bre- 
reton :  Polydore  =  Cautherley :  Monimia  =.  Mrs. 
Barry. 

29.  Drummer. 

30.  Theodosius  =  Reddish :    Varanes  =  Barry  : 
Martian^  Aikin:  Athanais  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Pulcheria 
=  Mrs.  Egerton. 

31.  Twelfth  Night.     Orsino  =  Jefferson. 
Jan.  1.  Committee.     Ruth  =  Mrs.  Egerton. 

4.  Merchant  of  Venice 9.  School  for  Fathers. 

12.  All  for  Love.     Alexas  —  J.  Bannister,     r.  b. 

13.  (and  1 8)  Merope.     Dorilas  =  Dimond  :  Poly- 
phontes  =  Palmer  :    Narbas  =  Packer  :    Merope  = 
Miss  Younge,  1st  time  :  Ismene  =  Miss  Mansell. 

16.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn=  Barry:  Zara  = 
Miss  Younge  :  Almeria  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

19-  Stratagem.     Archer  =  Garrick. 

21.  (and  25)  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier  =  Barry  : 
Pierre  =  Aikin  :  Priuli  =  J.  Aikin  :  Renault  =  Jeffer- 
son :  Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

26.  Hypocrite 27.  Cymon. 

Feb.  1.  Fashionable  Lover.  Aubrey  =  Jefferson  : 
(Barry  acted  Aubrey  Oct.  28)  with,  never  acted, 
Wedding  Ring.  Zerbino  =  Vernon :  Pandolfo  = 


D.  L.  1772-1773.  351 

Bannister :  Henrico  =  Davies  :  Lissetta  (maid  to 
Felicia)  =  Mrs.  V/righten  :  Felicia  (daughter  to  Pan- 
dolfo) =  Mrs.  Smith  : — acted  several  times — Henrico 
and  Felicia  are  mutually  in  love— Pandolfo  wants  his 
daughter  to  marry  Zerbino,  because  he  is  rich — 
Zerbino  mistakes  Lissetta  for  her  mistress,  and  gives 
her  a  Wedding  Ring — Lissetta  tells  Zerbino,  that  her 
father  means  to  marry  him  to  her  maid  instead  of 
herself— Pandolfo  offers  Felicia  to  Zerbino — he  re- 
fuses her,  supposing  her  to  be  Lissetta — Pandolfo 
consents  to  the  union  of  his  daughter  and  Henrico— 
Zerbino  marries  Lissetta — this  musical  Entertainment 
was  written  by  Dibdin — it  has  no  particular  fa-ilt — 
it  is  merely  insipid. 

2.  King  Lear  =  Barry. 

4.  All  in  the  Wrong— as  Oct.  19  1769. 

8.  For  bt.  of  the  author  of  the   Wedding   Ring. 
Cymbeline.     Jachimo  =  Jefferson,  1st  time. 

10.  Hamlet  =  Garrick  : — with  Polly  Honeycombe. 

11.  Conscious  Lovers.     Young  Bevil  =  Reddish  : 
Tom  =  King  :  Myrtle  =  Jefferson  :    Indiana  =  Miss 
Younge :  Phillis  =  Miss  Pope. 

17.  (and  19)  King  Lear  =  Garrick  :    Cordelia  = 
Mrs.  Barry. 

18.  Double  Gallant.     Atall  =  King:  Sir  Solomon 
Sadlife  =  Parsons  :  Careless  =:  Jefferson  :  Lady  Sad- 
life  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Lady  Dainty  =  Miss  Younge  : 
ClarindanMrs.  Egerton  :  Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Robinson, 
1st  time  :  Wish  well  =  Mrs.  Davies. 

25.  Amphitryon. 

27.  Never  acted,  Alonzo.  Alonzo  =  Reddish: 
Alberto  =  Clinch  :  King  of  Asturia  =:  Aikin  :  Costollo 
=  J.  Aikin  :  Velasco  =  Jefferson  :  Sebastian  =  Pal- 


35%  D.  L.   1772-1773. 

mer  :  Messenger  — J.  Bannister :  Ormisinda  (daugh- 
ter to  the  King)  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Teresa  (her  confi- 
dant) =  Miss  Mansell : — acted  11  times — the  scene  of 
this  T.  lies  in  Spain,  at  the  time  when  that  country 
was  divided  between  the  Spaniards  and  the  Moors — 
about  18  years  before  the  play  begins,  Alonzo  was 
sentenced  to  banishment  for  having  killed  Ramirez — 
he  had  prevailed  on  Ormisinda  to  marry  him  pri- 
vately— they  had  met  one  another  for  4  nights — on 
the  5th,  Alonzo  had  come  first  to  the  place  of  ap- 
pointment— he  concealed  himself — and  when  Ormi- 
sinda approached,  she  was  accompanied  by  Teresa 
dressed  as  a  man — Alonzo  was  fired  with  jealousy, 
and  went  into  banishment  without  speaking  a  syllable 
to  his  wife — Ormisinda  had  a  child  by  Alonzo,  whom 
she  called  Alberto,  and  who  was  brought  up  by  Cos- 
tollo  as  his  own  son — some  time  before  the  opening 
of  the  play,  the  Moors  and  Spaniards  had  agreed  to 
decide  the  fate  of  the  two  nations  by  single  combat 
- — as  the  Moorish  champion  is  a  man  of  gigantic 
strength,  the  Spaniards  conceive  that  Alonzo  is  the 
only  person  who  is  able  to  cope  with  him — they  send 
for  Alonzo — but  when  their  champion  arrives,  he 
appears  to  be  Abdallah,  the  Prince  of  Persia  and 
the  friend  of  Alonzo — in  reality  he  is  Alonzo  in  dis- 
guise— Abdallah  kills  the  Moor — he  then  publicly 
accuses  Ormisinda  of  adultery — he  throws  down  his 
gauntlet — Alberto  takes  it  up — in  the  5th  act,  Alonzo 
appears  in  his  proper  character — he  and  Alberto  pre- 
pare to  fight — Ormisinda  rushes  between  their  swords 
— and  then  stabs  herself,  conceiving  that  to  be  the 
only  mean  of  preventing  so  unnatural  a  combat — 
before  her  death,  an  explanation  takes  place  between 


D.  L.  1772-1773. 

her  arid  Alonzo  —  he  is  convinced  of  her  innocence, 
and  his  own  rashness — he  kills  himself — this  T.  was 
written  by  Home— it  is  on  the  whole  a  pretty  good 
play — the  principal  fault  of  it  is,  that  too  much  is 
said,  arid  too  little  done — there  are  several  long  nar- 
rations—Ormisirida  stabs  herself  without  reason — if 
she  had  wished  to  act  naturally,  she  would  have 
avowed  Alberto  to  be  the  son  of  herself  and  Alonzo 
—in  which  case  the  King  would  of  course  have  sus- 
pended the  combat  till  inquiry  could  be  made — the 
Epilogue  is  pretty  good. 

March  9.  Alonzo — in  this  T.  Alonzo  does  not 
enter  till  the  3d  act — when  that  act  was  to  begin  F. 
Aikin  came  forward  and  informed  the  audience  that 
Reddish  was  not  come  to  the  theatre  and  begged  that 
his  brother  J.  Aikin*  might  read  the  part— a  general 
confusion  ensued  and  the  cry  was  for  Garrick — at 
last  King  stepped  forward  and  said  that  the  managers 
had  sent  every  where  for  Reddish  where  there  was 
any  probability  of  finding  him  ;  and  that  tho'  2  acts 
of  the  play  were  over,  yet  those  who  did  not  choose  to 
stay  should  have  their  money  returned — this  satisfied 
the  audience  and  the  play  went  on — J.  Aikin  reading 
the  part — before  it  was  finished,  Reddish  came  to  the 
theatre,  and  declared  that  he  had  forgotten  the  play 
was  to  be  performed,  and  had  thought  it  was  an 
Oratorio  night— this  most  of  the  performers  believed 
to  be  true,  tho'  it  was  an  absence  of  mind  probably 
not  to  be  equalled  in  the  annals  of  the  theatre — on 


*  It  is  odd  J.  Aikin  should  have  been  selected  to  read  the 
part,  as  he  played  Costollo — and  in  the  4th  act  Costollo  and 
Alonzo  are  on  the  stage  together. 

VOL.  v.  A  A 


354)  D.  L.  1772-1773. 

the  llth  Reddish  published  an  affidavit  in  confirma- 
tion of  his  statement  and  begged  pardon  for  disap- 
pointing the  public.  (B.  M.) 

20.  Mrs.  Barry's  bt.  Grecian  Daughter.  Evander 
—  Aikin,  1st  time:  M  el  arith  on  n  Packer :  —  with  Peep 
behind  the  Curtain — pit  and  boxes  laid  together — 
Barry  was  no  doubt  still  too  ill  to  play — on  the  1st 
night  of  Alonzo  he  was  confined  to  his  bed — Home 
sat  with  him,  and  Mrs.  Barry  sent  a  message  to  them 
at  the  end  of  every  act — at  one  time  things  looked 
unfavourably  ;  but  she  desired  Home  not  to  be  dis- 
couraged, as  she  would  use  her  utmost  exertions  in 
the  next  act — she  did  so,  and  saved  the  play.  (Si- 
mons  from  Mrs.  Barry.} 

23.  King's  bt.  Not  acted  10  years,  Double  Dealer. 
Maskwell  —  Reddish  :  Sir  Paul  Plyant  =  King  :  Care- 
less =  Palmer  :  Brisk  =  Dodd:  Lord  Froth  =  Par- 
sons :  Mellefont  =  Brereton  :  Lord  Touchwood  — 
Packer  :  Lady  T  ouch  wood  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Lady 
Froth  =  Mrs.  Abington :  Lady  Plyant  =•  M  iss  Younge : 
— with  Deuce  is  in  him. 

25.  Reddish  played  Jaffier  for  his  bt.  and  for  1st 

time. 

27.  Mrs.  Abington's  bt.  Gamesters,  13th  time, 
with  Frenchified  Lady  never  in  Paris.  Palamede  — 
Jefferson  :  Rhodophil  =  Davies :  Melantha  =  Mrs. 
Abington  :  Doralice  =  Mrs.  Wrighten. 

30.  Miss  Pope's  bt.  Jealous  Wife.  Mrs.  Oakly 
zr  Miss  Pope  : — with,  not  acted  5  years,  Like  Mas- 
ter like  Man.  (altered  from  Vanburgh)  Cautherley — 
Baddeley — Mrs.  Egerton  and  Miss  Pope— they  pro- 
bably acted  Carlos — Sancho — Leonora  and  Jacinta. 

April  1.    Dodd's  bt.     Twelfth  Night.     Sir  Toby 


D.  L.   1772-1773.  355 

Belch  =  Palmer,  1st  time  :  — with  Catharine  and  Pe- 
truchio.  Pctruchio  =  Dodd,  1st  time  :  Grumio  = 
Baddeley  :  Catharine—  Miss  Pope. 

3.  Miss  Younge's  bt.  Merope,  with,  not  acted  5 
years,  Intriguing  Chambermaid.  Drunken  Colonel 
=  King,  1st  time:  Oldcastle  -  Baddeley :  Lettice  (for 
that  night  only)  —  Mrs.  Abington.  r.  b. 

12.  Aikin  played  Evander  for  his  bt. 

13.  Love's  bt.  Fashionable  Lover.     Aubrey  =  Jef- 
ferson :  -  -  with    Intriguing   Chambermaid   by   Mrs. 
Abington. 

15.  Moody's  bt.    West  Indian,   with  Miss  in  her 
Teens.     Fribble  —  Moody,  1st  time  :  Flash  =  Weston, 
1st  time  :  Miss  Biddy  =  Miss  Jarratt. 

16.  Jefferson's  bt.      False  Delicacy.     Col.  Rivers 
=  Jefferson,  1st  time  :  Miss  Marchmont^Miss  Man- 
sell,  1st  time  :   Miss  Rivers  =  Miss  Jarratt,  1st  time: 
Sally  =  Mrs.  Millidge  :— rest  as  originally — with  Re- 
gister Office. 

17.  Weston's  bt.     Stratagem.     Archer  •=  King  : 
Scrub  =  Weston  :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Miss  Younge,  1st 
time:  Cherry  =  Miss  Pope: — with  Tobacconist,  (for 
that  night  only)  Abel  Drugger  =  Weston  :  Face  =: 
Palmer:  Subtle  —  J.   Aikin:  Doll   Tricksey  =  Mrs. 
Egerton. 

19.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Hopkins.  As  you 
like  it.  Jaques  =  Aikin  :  Adam  =  Moody  :  Rosalind 
—  Mrs.  Barry:  Celia  =  Miss  Hopkins,  her  1st  ap- 
pearance on  any  stage  :  — that  is  as  a  woman. 

21.  Chances  revived,  (see  April  22  1772)  Don 
John  =  Garrick  :  Don  Frederick  m  Jefferson  :  Anto- 
nio =  Parsons  :  Petruchio  =  J.  Aikin  :  IstConstantia 

AA2 


356  D.  L.    1772-1773. 

=  Miss  Younge  :  2d  Constantia  =  Mrs.  Abington  : 
Mother  in  Law  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Landlady  =.  Mrs. 
Brad  sh  aw. 

23.  Cautherley's  bt.  Countess  of  Salisbury.  Al- 
win  —  Cautherley,  1st  time  :  Lord  Will i am  =  Master 
J.  Bannister : — in  all  the  other  bills  he  is  called  Mister 
— rest  as  Jan.  20  1768  —with,  riot  acted  10  years, 
Male  Coquette.  DafFodil^Dodd  :  Dizzy  •=.  Parsons. 

26.  Chances.  Don  Frederick  =.  Brereton,  1st  time. 
r.b. 

27.  Palmer's  bt.     Earl  of  Essex  =  Barry  :    South- 
ampton =  Palmer  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Rutland 
=  Mrs.  Barry:   Nottingham  =  Mrs.  Egerton. 

28.  Baddeley's   bt.      King    Arthur.     Oswald  = 
Clinch,  1st  time. 

29.  Barry's  bt.     Othello  —  Barry  :    Iago=  Palmer, 
1st  time  :  Cassio  =  Cautherley,  1st  time  :  Roderigo 
=  Dodd:   Desdemoria=:  Mrs.  Barry:  ^Emilia  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins  : — with  Irish  Widow,  19th  time. 

30.  Mrs.  Egerton's  bt.     Plain  Dealer.     Olivia  = 
Mrs.  Egerton,  1st  time -.—with  Male  Coquette. 

May  1.  Bannister's  bt.  Beggar's  Opera,  with 
Minor.  Smirk  and  Mrs.  Cole  (for  that  night  only)  = 
King  :  Shift  (with  a  variety  of  imitations  both  rhe- 
torical and  vocal)  =  Bannister  :  Minor —  J.  Aikin  :  Sir 
William  Wealthy  =  Baddeley  :  Tr an sfer  =  Parsons: 
Loader  =  Pal m er  :  Lucy  =  Miss  Ambrose. 

6.  Brereton 's  bt.  Not  acted  7  years,  Philaster. 
Philaster  =  Brereton,  1st  time  :  King  =  Bransby  : 
Ph aram on d  =  Palmer  :  Dion^J.  Aikin  :  Cleremont 
•=J.  Bannister  :  Countryman  =  Parsons  :  Captain  — 
Baddeley:  Bellario  =  Miss  Younge:  Arethusa  = 
Miss  Hopkins  :  Megra^Miss  Sherry. 


D.  L.    1772-1773.  357 

8.   Committee.      Careless  =  Broreton,   1st  time: 
Obediah  =  Parsons. 

10.  Macbeth  =  Reddish  :    Macduff- Aikin  :    Lady 
Macbeth  —  Miss  Yourige,  1st  time  :  —  Macbeth  at 
C.  G.  also. 

11.  For  bt.  of  J.  Aikin  and  Davies.     Mourning 
Bride,  with  Minor. 

12.  Achman's  bt.     Tempest.     Stephano  (for  that 
night  only)  =  G.  A.  Stevens. 

13.  Tancred   and  Sigismunda.     T an cr ed  =.  Red- 
dish, 1st  time  :    Sigismunda  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

14.  For  bt.  of  Dimond  and  Miss  Mansell.     Ta- 
merlane.     Bajazet  =  Reddish  :    Moneses  —  Dimond, 
1st  time  :  Arpasia  ~  M  iss  Younge  :— see  Nov.  4. 

17.  Waldron's  bt.  Never  acted,  Maid  of  Kent. 
Sir  Thomas  Richacre  =  Parsons  :  George  —  Palmer  : 
Dr.  Goodman  (parson  of  the  parish)  =  Packer : 
Metre  (his  clerk)  =Waldron:  William  (servant  to 
George)  =  Vernon  :  Lord  Sealand  =  Davies  :  O'Con- 
nor (commander  of  Lord  Sealarid's  vessel )  =  Moody : 
La  Poudre  (his  valet)  —  Baddeley  :  Emily  (the  Maid 
of  Kent)  =  Miss  Younge:  Patty  (her  maid— daughter 
to  Metre)  =  Miss  Pope  :  Dame  Quickset  =  Mrs.  Brad- 
shaw  : — this  piece  is  professedly  founded  on  a  paper 
in  the  Spectator  -  the  scene  lies  at  Sir  Thomas  Rich- 
acre's  seat  near  the  sea  coast  in  Kent — Sir  Thomas 
and  Dr.  Goodman  had  exchanged  children  —  Sir 
Thomas  had  brought  up  Emily  as  his  daughter — Dr. 
Goodman  had  brought  up  George  as  his  son — George 
and  Emily  are  mutually  in  love — Lord  Sealand  pays 
his  addresses  to  Emily — Sir  Thomas  says  she  is  Dr. 
Goodman's  daughter,  and  his  lordship  drops  all 
thoughts  of  a  marriage  with  her — George  and  Emily 


358  D.  L.  1772-1773. 

are  distressed  at  supposing  themselves  to  be  brother 
and  sister  —  Lord  Sealand  makes  violent  love  to 
Emily — she  cries  out,  and  George  comes  to  her  as- 
sistance— his  lordship  makes  another  attempt  on 
Emily — he  nearly  succeeds  in  placing  her  on  board 
a  vessel  which  he  keeps  for  his  amusement — she  is 
rescued  partly  by  George  and  William,  but  chiefly 
by  O'Connor,  who  is  too  honest  to  assist  Lord  Sea- 
land  in  an  iniquitous  action — Sir  Thomas  declares 
that  George  is  his  son — George  is  united  to  Emily 
— William  marries  Patty — this  is  a  moral,  vapid  C. 
by  Waldron  without  any  particular  fault — one  of 
those  things  which  Foote  calls  novels  in  dialogue. 

19.  For  bt.  of  J.  Bannister,  and  Mr.  W.  Barry. 
Zenobia,  with  Harlequin's  Invasion.  Abram  =  J. 
Bannister,  1st  time. 

24.  Citizen.     Young  Philpot  =  Dodd. 

26.  Theatrical  Fund.    King  Lear  =  Garrick  :  Cor- 
delia =  Miss  Younge,  1st  time. 

27.  Johnston's  bt.     Wonder.     Don  Felix  —  Cau- 
therley  :  Violante  =  Miss  Younge,  1st  time. 

June  2.  Beggar's  Opera—  last  play. 

Bills  from  B.  J\f. — there  are  few  real  bills,  but 
there  is  a  regular  series  from  the  papers — none  are  in 
manuscript. 

Garrick  acted  Brute  3  times — Bayes  2 — Kitely  1 
— Benedick  1  —  Lusignan  2 —  Abel  Drugger  2 — 
Ranger  2 — Leon  2 — Felix  1 — Hamlet  4 — Archer  2 
—Lear  3 — Don  John  4. 

April  19»  The  first  bill  for  the  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs. 
Hopkins  was  as  follows — Not  acted  20  years,  Mary 
Queen  of  Scots.  Norfolk  =  Reddish  :  Davison  = 
Palmer  :  Morton  =  Clinch  :  Cecil  =  Packer  :  Douglas 


c.  G.   1772-1773.  359 

=:Dimond:  Queen  Elizabeth  =  Mrs.  Hopkins:  and 
Mary  Queen  of  Scots  =  a  young  Gentlewoman,  being 
her  1st  appearance  on  any  stage  : — this  is  a  real  bill 
which  belonged  to  Mr.  Dimond. 


C. G.  1772-1773. 

Sep.  21.  The  theatre  opened  with  an  occasional 
Prelude  by  Colman — this  is  professedly  a  trifle,  but 
as  such  it  has  considerable  merit — it  was  written  for 
the  sake  of  introducing  Miss  Barsanti  to  the  public 
and  affording  her  an  opportunity  of  displaying  her 
talents  to  the  best  advantage  in  the  character  of  a 
Young  Lady,  who  had  a  turn  for  the  stage — she 
proved  a  very  good  actress — the  Prelude  was  acted 
at  least  7  times — on  Sep.  21  it  was  followed  by  the 
Miser  (Mariana  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :)  and  Deuce  is  in 
him. 

23.  Clandestine  Marriage.      Miss  Sterling  =  Mrs. 
Gardner  : — see  Nov.  SO  1770. 

25.  Busy  Body.     Marplot  =  Woodward. 

28.  Richard  3d.     Henry  6th  =  Kniveton. 

30.  Miss  Catley  made  her  1st  appearance  for  2 
years  in  Rosetta. 

Oct.  5.  (7-12-17-24)  Jane  Shore  =  Mrs.  Hartley, 


360  c.  G.    1772-1773. 

her  1st  appearance  on  this  stage : — she  was  introduced 
on  the  Edinburgh  stage  in  1771*     (Jackson.) 

13.  Beggar's  Opera.     Peachum  =  Shuter :  Polly 
—  Miss  Catley  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Mattocks,  3d  time. 

14.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour. 

I? '•  Comus  was  acted  for  the  1st  time  in  2  acts — 
(see  D.  L.  March  4  1738)  Comus  =  Mattocks  :  1st 
Spirit  =  Hull:  1st  Bacchanal  =  Reinhold  :  Lady  = 
Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Euphrosyne  =  Miss  Catley  : — acted 
several  times. 

21.  Miser.     M ari ana  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

23.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Smith  :  Copper  Captain 
=  Woodward  :  Estifania^Miss  Barsanti,  1st  time  : 
— acted  7  times. 

26.  Hamlet. 

29.  Man  and  Wife.  Sally  by  Miss  Brown,  who 
performed  last  season  in  this  piece  and  in  the  Fairy 
Prince. 

Nov.  4.  Tamerlane  =  Bensley  :  Arpasia  =  Miss 
Miller. 

6.  Not  acted  20  years,  Henry  8th.  King  =  Clarke  : 
Wolsey  =  Bensley  :  Buckingham  =  Wroughton  :  Gar- 
diner =  Shuter:  Cranmer  =  Gardner:  Cromwell  = 
Hull :  Surry  =  Dyer  :  Lord  Chamberlain  =  Lewes  : 
Lord  Sands  =  Kniveton  :  Capucius  =  Du-Bellamy  : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Hartley  :  Anne  Bullen  =  Miss  Ogilvie  : 
Old  Lady  =  Mrs.  Pitt : — in  act  4  Coronation — acted 
13  times. 

14.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  and  Lady  Townly 
=  Smith,  and  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

21.  Never  acted,  Elfrida.  Athelwold  =  Smith  : 
Edgar  =  Bensley  :  Orgar  =  Clarke  :  Edwin  =  Hull : 


c.  G.  1772-1773.  361 

Elfrida  =  Mrs.   Hartley:  Albina  =  Mrs.  Mattocks: 
Chorus  of  British  Virgins  =  Miss  Catley,   &c,  :— 

acted  27  times Mason's  T.,  published  in  1752, 

was  now  brought  on  the  stage — the  author  is  said  to 
have  been  offended  with  this  alteration — he  adapted 
it  to  the  stage  himself  in  1779 — see  Feb.  23— the 
well  known  story  of  Elfrida  had  been  already  drama- 
tized at  least  4  times — Mason  has  written  the  dia- 
logue, and  managed  the  plot,  in  a  manner  very  supe- 
riour  to  that  of  his  predecessors  ;  but  he  has  gone  to 
the  utmost  verge  of  a  fair  poetical  license  in  making 
the  character  of  his  heroine  more  amiable  than  it 
really  was — according  to  Mason,  Orgar,  the  Earl  of 
Devonshire,  disapproves  of  the  retirement  in  which 
his  daughter  had  been  kept  since  her  marriage — he 
comes  to  Athelwold's  castle  to  discover  the  cause  of 
it — Athelwold  returns  from  court — he  is  informed 
that  the  King  means  to  make  him  a  visit — this  throws 
him  into  despair — the  King  arrives — Orgar  accuses 
Athelwold  of  treason — the  King  on  seeing  Elfrida 
falls  violently  in  love  with  her — he  banishes  Athel- 
wold, but,  at  the  earnest  intercession  of  Elfrida,  he 
gives  him  a  feigned  pardon — Edwin  tells  Elfrida, 
that  the  King  had  fought  with  Athelwold,  and  killed 
him — Elfrida  makes  a  vow  to  spend  the  remainder  of 
her  life  in  a  convent. 

Mason  has  prefixed  to  his  play  5  letters  in  defence 
of  the  ancient  Drama,  and  particularly  of  the  Cho- 
rus— the  Greek  Tragedies  are  very  fine,  but  their 
merit  consists  in  the  just  delineation  of  character,  in 
the  propriety  of  the  sentiments,  and  in  the  beauty  of 
the  language,  rather  than  in  the  management  of  their 


362  c,  G.  1772-1773. 

plots,  which  are,  in  general,  simple  to  a  fault— they 
all  have,  more  or  less,  a  great  deficiency  in  point  of 
action,  and  action,  as  Dennis  well  observes,  is  the 
essence  of  the  drama — Mason  overlooks  the  objec- 
tions which  have  been  so  often  made  to  the  Chorus, 
namely,  the  absurdity  with  which  the  characters  in 
the  drama  enter  into  the  most  confidential  communi- 
cations before  so  many  people — and  the  improbability 
that  about  25  persons  should  preserve  a  strict 
secresy,  sometimes  at  the  hazard  of  their  lives — the 
Greek  Choruses  frequently  consist  in  the  relation  of 
some  mythological  story  connected  with  the  persons 
of  the  drama — in  this  point  Mason  differs  totally  from 
them — in  the  obscurity  of  their  language,  he  has 
imitated  them  so  closely,  that  if  the  Choruses  in 
Elfrida  and  Caractacus,  instead  of  being  sung, 
were  to  be  simply  recited,  they  would  be  unintel- 
ligible to  the  generality  of  an  audience — Erasmus 
says  of  the  Greek  Choruses — "  Nusquam  magis  inep- 
"  tisse  videtur  Antiquitas,  quam  in  hujusmodi 
"  Choris,  ubi  dum  nimium  affectat  nove  loqui,  vitiavit 
"  eloquentiam  :  dumque  verborum  miracula  venatur, 
"  in  rerumjudicio  cessavit" — no  poet  excels  Euripides 
in  simplicity  of  language,  when  he  writes  in  Iambics 
— but  when  he  changes  the  metre,  he  sometimes  goes 
as  far  out  of  his  way  for  an  expression  as  any  body ; 
thus  in  the  Troades,  line  128,  he  talks  of  "  the 
"  twisted  discipline  of  JBgypt,"  by  which  he  means 
ropes — see  Barnes'  note. 

Dec.  3.  Acted  but  once  these  7  years,  All's  well 
that  ends  well.  Parolles  =  Woodward:  Bertram  = 
Lewes :  King  =  Hull :  Lafeu  =  Clarke  :  Clown  = 


c.  Q.   1772-1773.  363 

Shuter:  Helena^  Miss  Macklin  :  Countess  of  Rou- 
sillon  =  Miss  Miller,  1st  time:  Diana  =  Mrs.  Mat- 
tocks : — acted  3  times. 

8.  Never  acted,  Cross  Purposes.  Grub  =  Shuter  : 
Consol  =  Quick  :  Chapeau  =  Lewes  :  George  Bevil 
=  Wroughton  :  Robin  =  Dyer :  Mrs.  Grub  =  Mrs. 
Green  :  Emily  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Jennys  Mrs.  Knive- 
ton  : — this  is  an  excellent  Farce,  or  rather  Comedy 
in  2  acts— it  was  written  by  Obrien  and  was  very 
well  acted. 

11.  Suspicious  Husband.  Ranger  —Woodward: 
Strictland  —  Ross  :  Frankly  =  Bensley :  Bellamy  = 
Wroughton:  Jack Meggot  =. Lewes :  Tester  =  Quick  : 
Clarinda  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Mrs.  Strictland  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks  :  Jacintha  =  Mrs.  Lessingham  :  Lucetta  =: 
Mrs.  Green. 

21.  Theatrical  Fund.     Henry  8th  and  Citizen. 

28.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife.  Col.  Feignwell  ^ 
Woodward :  Obediah  Prim  =  Shuter  :  Periwinkle 
=  Quick  :  Sir  Philip  Modelove  =  Dyer  :  Tradelove 
=  Dunstall :  Anne  Lovely  =  Miss  Macklin:  Mrs. 
Prim  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

30.  Richard  3d  =  Smith :  Richmond  =  Wroughton  : 
Buckingham  =  Hull :  Tressel  =  Dyer  :  Queen  =  Miss 
Miller :  Lady  Anne  —  Mrs.  Lessingham. 

Jan.  6.  Henry  5th 7.  Fox. 

14.  Love's  last  Shift.  Younger  Worthy = Wrough- 
ton :  Narcissa  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Amanda  —  Miss 
Miller. 

16.  Cymbeline.  Posthumus  —  Bensley  :  Jachimo 
=  Smith  :  Belarius  =  Clarke  :  Pisanio  =  Hull :  Gui- 
derius  =  Wroughton:  Cloten  =  Lewes:  Imogen  = 
Mrs.  Bulkley. 


364  C.G.  1772-1773. 

22.  Recruiting  Officer -24.  King  Lear. 

28.  Jealous  Wife.     Major  Oakly  =  Shuter  :  Lord 
Trinket  =  Lewes  :  Mrs.  Oakly  =  Miss  Barsariti,  1st 
time  : — rest  as  before. 

29.  Henry  8th.     Anne  Bullen   =   Mrs.  Bulkley, 
1st  time. 

Feb.  6.  Never  acted,  Golden  Pippin.  Jupiter  = 
Reinhold :  Paris  =  Mattocks :  Momus  =  Quick : 
Mercury  =.  Du-Bellamy :  Juno  =  Miss  Catley  :  Venus 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Pallas  =  Mrs.  Baker  : — with  Com- 
missary— the  Golden  Pippin  is  a  very  good  Burletta 
by  O'Hara — it  came  out  as  a  first  piece,  but  in  con- 
sequence of  some  disapprobation  it. was  reduced  to 
2  acts  on  the  3d  night — the  old  story  of  Paris 
arid  the  three  Goddesses  is  treated  in  a  ludicrous 
manner. 

23.  Never  acted,  Alzuma.    Alzuma  —  Smith  :  Don 
Carlos  (son  to  Pizarro)  =  Bensley  :  Pizarro  =  Hull : 
Ozmar  (friend  to  Alzuma)  =  Perry  :  Orellana  =  Mrs. 
Hartley :  Orazia  =  Miss  Miller  : — acted  9  times — 
the  scene  lies  at  Cusco  —  Pizarro  had  conquered  Peru 
— Alzuma  and  Orellana  are  the  children  of  the  last 
Inca  by  Orazia — Alzuma,  when  about  10  years  old, 
had  been  sent  into  Chili — Orazia  is  married  to  Pi- 
zarro, and  becomes  a  Christian — Don  Carlos  is  in 
love  with  Orellana — she  esteems  him   for  his  good 
qualities,   but  is   determined  not  to  break  the  vow 
which  she  had  made  as  a  Virgin  of  the  Sun— in  the 
1st  act  Alzuma  and  Ozmar  are  brought   in  as   pri- 
soners— Pizarro    condemns   them    to    death — Don 
Carlos,    at  the  request   of  Orellana,    obtains   their 
pardon — Orellana  asks  Alzuma  to  bear  a  message 
to    her    brother — Alzuma   discovers    himself— this 


c.  a.    1772-1773.  365 

scene  is  borrowed  from  Iphigenia  in  Tauris — in  Eu- 
ripides it  is  interesting  to  the  last  degree,  but  it  is 
here  introduced  with  little  or  no  effect  in  comparison 
—Carlos  is  jealous  of  Alzuma,  not  knowing  that  he 
is  Orellana's  brother — Pizarro  again  condemns  Alzu- 
ma to  death  -  he  deputes  Orazia  to  see  his  sentence 
put  into  execution — Alzuma  bares  his  bosom  to  the 
soldier  who  is  prepared  to  kill  him — Orazia  perceives 
by  the  scar  which  Alzuma  has  on  his  breast,  that  he 
is  her  son— she  implores  Pizarro  to  pardon  him — 
Pizarro  refuses — she  avows  Alzuma  to  be  her  son — 
Alzuma  pretends   to   turn  Christian— when   he    is 
brought  to  the  altar,  he  stabs  Pizarro  — Orazia  inter- 
poses to  save  Pizarro,  and  is  unintentionally  killed 
by  Alzuma — the   back  scene  opens  and   discovers 
Pizarro  lying  dead  — and  Orazia  wounded — Orazia 
forgives  Alzuma,   and  dies — Alzuma  is  in  despair — 
Don  Carlos  pardons  Alzuma — Alzuma  and  Orellana 
are  so  struck  with  the  behaviour  of  Carlos  and  Ora- 
zia, that  they  are  inclined  to  turn  Christians — this  is 
a  moderate  T.  by  Murphy — he  says  that   he  has 
taken  hints  from  Euripides  and  Sophocles — this  is 
true — but   the   character   of  Orazia    has    a    much 
stronger  resemblance  to  the  Clytemnestra  of  Voltaire 
than  to  the  Clytemnestra  of  Sophocles— the  conclu- 
sion   is  evidently  borrowed  from  the  conclusion  of 
Voltaire's  Alzira. 

March  15.  Never  acted,  She  Stoops  to  Conquer, 
by  Dr.  Goldsmith.  Hardcastle  =  Shuter:  Marlow  = 
Lewes:  Tony  Lumpkin  =  Quick  :  Hastings  =  Du- 
Bellamy:  Miss  Hardcastle  =  Mrs.  Bulkley :  Mrs. 
Hardcastle  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Miss  Neville  =  Mrs. 
Kniveton  : — this  play  came  out  when  the  taste  for 


366  c.  G.   1772-1773. 

Sentimental  Comedy  was  at  its  height,  and  contri- 
buted in  a  good  degree  to  restore  the  town  to  a  relish 
for  a  laugh — the  Prologue  alludes  to  this  design — 
the  mistaking  of  a  private  house  for  an  Inn  is  grossly 
improbable,  but  with  all  its  faults  this  Comedy  is 
worth  50  cold,  correct,  still-life  pieces — when  it  was 
offered  to  Colman  he  protested  against  it,  but  Dr. 
Johnson  stood  forth  in  all  his  terrors  as  champion 
for  the  piece,  and  backed  by  his  clients  and  retainers 
demanded  a  fair  trial — Colman  again  protested,  but, 
with  that  salvo  for  his  reputation,  liberally  lent  his 
stage,  and  She  Stoops  to  Conquer  was  put  into 
Rehearsal. 

On  the  day  of  performance  Goldsmith's  friends 
assembled  in  a  considerable  body  at  the  Shakspeare 
Tavern  for  an  early  dinner  :  Dr.  Johnson  took  the 
chair  at  the  head  of  a  long  table  and  was  in  inimita- 
ble glee  —they  did  not  however  forget  their  duty,  and 
tho'  they  had  a  better  Comedy  going,  in  which  John- 
son was  chief  Actor,  they  betook  themselves  in  good 
time  to  their  separate  arid  allotted  posts,  having  pre- 
concerted signals  for  plaudits  in  a  manner  that  gave 
every  one  his  cue,  where  to  look  for  them  and  how 
to  follow  them  up :  one  of  the  company  was  Adam 
Drummond,  who  was  gifted  by  nature  with  the  most 
sonorous  and  at  the  same  time  most  contagious 
laugh,  that  ever  echoed  from  the  human  lungs,  he 
ingenuously  however  confessed  that  he  knew  no  more 
when  to  give  his  fire,  than  the  cannon  did  that  was 
placed  on  a  battery,  he  desired  therefore  to  have  a 
flapper  at  his  elbow,  and  Cumberland  was  deputed 
to  that  office — all  eyes  were  upon  Dr.  Johnson,  who 
sat  in  the  front  row  of  a  side  box,  and  when  he 


c.  G.  1772-1773.  36? 

laughed  every  body  thought  himself  warranted  to 
roar  :  in  the  mean  time  Drummond  followed  signals 
with  a  rattle  so  irresistibly  comic,  that  when  he  had 
repeated  it  several  times,  the  attention  of  the  spec- 
tators was  so  engrossed  by  his  person  and  perform- 
ances, that  the  progress  of  the  play  seemed  likely  to 
become  a  secondary  object,  and  Cumberland  found 
it  prudent  to  insinuate  to  him  that  he  might  halt  his 
music  without  any  prejudice  to  the  author ;  but, 
alas  !  it  was  now  too  late  to  rein  him  in ;  he  had 
laughed  upon  Cumberland's  signal  where  he  found  no 
joke,  and  now  he  unluckily  fancied  he  found  a  joke  in 
alrnost/every  thing  that  was  said,  so  that  nothing  in  na- 
ture could  be  more  mal-a-propos  than  some  of  his  bursts 
every  now  and  then  were  :  these  were  dangerous 
moments  ;  for  the  Pit  began  to  take  umbrage ;  how- 
ever the  author's  friends  carried  his  play  through 
triumphantly,  and  their  manoeuvres  were  attended 
with  complete  success.  {Cumberland.*) 

March  20.  Woodward's  bt.  Never  acted  there, 
Amphitryon,  altered  from  Dryden.  Jupiter  =  Ross  : 
Sosia  =  Woodward  :  Mercury  =  Wroughton  :  Gripus 
=  Shuter  :  Amphitryon  =  Mattocks  :  Alcmena  = 
Mrs.  Hartley  :  Phaedra  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Bromia  = 
Mrs.  Pitt : — with  Harlequin  Sorcerer.  Harlequin 
(for  that  night  only)  =  Woodward. 

22.  Mrs.  Hartley's  bt.     Macbeth  =  Smith  :    Mac- 
duff  —  Clarke  :   Banquo  =  Bensley  :    Lenox  =  Hull  : 
Witches  =  Deinstall,    Mrs.    Pitt,   and   Quick:    Lady 
Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Hartley,  1st  time. 

23.  Shuter's  bt.  Henry  8th,  with  the  Cries  of  Lon- 
don, by  Shuter — and  Cross  Purposes. 

29.  Clarke's    bt.    Rival    Queens.      Alexander  — 


368  c.  G.   1772-1773. 

Smith  :  Clytus  =  Clarke  :  Lysimachus  =  Hull :  He- 
phestion  =  Wroughton  :  Statira  —  Mrs.  Hartley,  1st 
time:  Roxana— Miss  Miller. 

31.  Bensley's  bt.  Timanthes.  Ismena  =  Mrs. 
Hartley,  1st  time. 

April  13.  Dyer's  bt.  Maid  of  the  Mill.  Fannys 
Miss  Catley,  1st  time. 

16.  Not  acted  5  years,  Albion  Queens.  Norfolk 
=  Smith  :  Cecil  —  Hull :  Moreton  =  Clarke  :  Dow- 
glas=:Miss  Macklin  :  Queen  Mary  =  Mrs.  Bulkley, 
1st  time:  Queen  Elizabeth  =  Miss  Miller,  1st  time  : 
— with,  never  acted  there,  Trip  to  Scotland.  Gris- 
kin  =  Shuter:  Jemmy  Twinkle  —  Lewes  :  Cupid  = 
Miss  Brown  :  Miss  Griskin=  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Filla- 
gree  — Mrs.  Green:  Landlady  =  Mrs.  Pitt : — proba- 
bly Mrs.  Bulkley's  bt, 

17-  Miss  Macklin's  bt.  Merchant  of  Venice. 
Shylock  (only  time  this  season)  =.  Macklin  :  Gratiano 
=: Lewes:  Nerissa=:Mrs.  Lessingham  : — with  Love 
a-la-Mode.  Sir  Archy  =  Macklin. 

19.  Smith's  bt.  Earl  of  Warwick  =  Smith  :  King 
Edward  =  Bensley :  Lady  Elizabeth  Gray  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks  :  Margaret  of  Anjou^Mrs.  Yates  : — this 
seems  to  have  been  the  only  night  on  which  she  acted 
this  season. 

23.  DunstalPs  bt.  Not  acted  7  years,  Funeral. 
Lord  Hardy  =  Wroughton,  1st  time  :  Trim  (with  the 
Cries  of  London)  =  Shuter  :  Campley  =:  Woodward  : 
Trusty  =  Hull:  Sable  =  Quick:  Puzzle  =  Dunstall  : 
Lady  Brumpton  =  Mrs.  Mattocks,  1st  time:  Lady 
Harriet  =  Mrs.  Bulkley :  Lady  Chariot  =  Miss  Mack- 
liri  :  Fardingale  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Tatt1eaid  =  Mrs.  Pitt: 
— with  Contrivances.  Robins  Dun  stall. 


C.G.   1772-1773.  369 

27  •  Mrs.  Lessingham's  bt.  Acted  but  once  these 
5  years,  Henry  4th  pt.  2d.  King  =  Gentleman,  his 
1st  appearance  on  any  stage  :  Prince  of  Wales  (by 
desire)  =  Mrs.  Lessingham  :  Archbishop  of  York  = 
Clarke:  Westmoreland  =  Hull  :  Chief  Justice  — 
Younger  :  Falstaff  =  Shuter  :  Shallow  (for  that  night 
only)=:  Woodward  :  Poiris  =  Wroughton  :  Pistol  = 
Hamilton  :  Bullcalf=Dunstall :  Hostess  =  Mrs.  Pitt : 
Doll  Tear-sheet  =  Mrs.  Gardner  :  —  with  Man  of 
Quality  (taken  from  Vanburgh).  Lord  Foppington 
=  Woodward:  Young  Fashion  —  Lewes  :  Sir  Tun- 
belly  Clumsey  =  Dunstall :  Coupler  =  Quick  :  Lory 
=  Gushing  :  Miss  Hoyden  (with  an  apology  to  the 
town  in  character)  =  Mrs.  Lessingham:  Nurse  = 
Mrs.  Pitt : — Tickets  delivered  by  Master  Harris  will 
be  taken. 

28.  Miss  Miller's  bt.  All  for  Love.  Antony  = 
Smith  :  Vcntidius  =  Clarke,  1st  time  :  Dolabella  = 
Wroughton:  Cleopatra  =  Mrs.  Hartley,  1st  time: 
Octavia  =  Miss  Miller,  1st  time. 

May  1.  Hull's  bt.  Never  acted,  Henry  2d.  King 
Henry  =  Smith  :  Prince  Henry  =  Wroughton  :  Clif- 
ford =  Hull :  Abbot  =  Clarke  :  Rosamond  =.  Mrs. 
Hartley:  Queen  Eleanor  =  Mrs.  Hull: — not  acted 
again  this  season— this  T.  was  written  by  Hull — he 
has  founded  it  on  the  old  ballad — the  King  had  se- 
duced Rosamond  the  daughter  of  Clifford — he  had 
placed  her  in  the  Bower  at  Woodstock — she  con- 
demns herself  for  having  yielded  to  the  King's  solici- 
tations— notwithstanding  her  love  for  the  King,  she 
requests  him  to  allow  her  to  retire  to  solitude — he 
refuses — she  expresses  her  repentance  to  her  father 
— he  forgives  her,  and  it  is  agreed  between  them  that 

VOL.    V.  B  B 


370  c.  G.  1772-1773. 

she  should  go  into  a  convent — before  they  have  time 
to  execute  their  purpose,  the  Queen  forces  Rosamond 
to  drink  poison— the  King  enters — and  then  Clifford 

-Rosamond  dies the  original  story  afforded  but 

slender  materials  for  5  acts ;  and  Hull  has  not  been 
fortunate  in  his  additions  to  it — the  Abbot  and  the 
Prince  are  not  interesting  characters — the  first  two 
acts  are  very  dull  —but  some  parts  of  this  play  have 
considerable  merit. 

Henry  2d,  by  Bancroft  or  Mountfort,  came  out  at 
T.  R.  in  1692 — Henry  and  Rosamond  by  Hawkins 
was  published  in  1749— it  had  been  refused  by  the 
managers  of  D.  L.— from  a  hint  dropt  by  the  author, 
it  seems  probable,  that  one  principal  cause  of  this 
refusal  was,  that  the  managers  were  afraid  (as  well 
they  might)  that  many  passages  would  be  applied  to 
the  unfortunate  difference  between  George  the  2d 
and  the  Prince  of  Wales — Hawkins  lays  the  scene 
in  and  near  Canterbury — in  the  3d  act  the  King 
does  penance  at  Becket's  tomb— Clifford  enters  dis- 
guised as  a  friar— during  the  King's  absence,  the 
Queen  and  her  guards  carry  off  Rosamond — but  the 
Queen,  instead  of  killing  Rosamond,  only  places  her 
in  a  convent — at  the  conclusion,  the  King  and  Queen 
are  reconciled — the  Prince  begs  his  father's  pardon 
and  dies — he  had  poisoned  himself— Clifford  had 
been  killed  by  Leicester — there  is  no  scene  between 

him   and   Rosamond Hawkins    seems    to   have 

strangely  misrepresented  the  character  of  the  Queen 

he  has  managed  that  of  the  Prince  much  better  than 

Hull — several  speeches  are  very  well  written,  and 
the  scene  between  the  King  and  Clifford  has  consi- 
derable merit,  but  a  great  part  of  this  T.  is  very  dull 


c.  o.   1772-17T3.  371 

-Hawkins,  so  far  as  the  character  of  Rosamond  is 
concerned,  has  founded  his  play  on  Lord  Lyttleton's 
history   of  Henry  the  2d—  Lyttleton  says— (vol.  2 
p.  150) — "  Henry's  first  mistress  was  Rosamond,  the 
"  daughter  of  Walter  de  Clifford,  and  the  most  cele- 
"  brated  beauty  in  England — their  intrigue  must  have 
"  begun  in  1149    *     *     *   in  1153  Henry  renewed 
"  his  amour  with  her,  and  she  must  have  brought 
"  him  her  second  son  during  the  course  of  that  year 
"  — as  he  was  then  married,  he  might,  probably,  be 
"  afraid  of  Eleanor's  jealousy,  and  solicitous  to  hide 
"  his  intrigue  from   her  knowledge — and   this  may 
"  have  given  rise  to  the  romantic  tradition,   men- 
"  tioned  by  Brompton,  of  his  having  made  a  kind  of 
"  labyrinth,  in  his  palace  of  Woodstock,  to  conceal 
"  his  Mistress  from  the  sight  and  vengeance  of  his 
"  Queen — but  the  tale  of  her  having  been  poisoned  in 
"  that  palace  by  Eleanor  has  no  foundation— before 
"  her  death  she  retired  to  the  nunnery  of  Godstow 
"  near  Oxford  ;  and  there  she  died,   in  what  year  I 
"  cannot  find  ;  but  it  appears  that  it  was  during  the 
"  life  of  her  father." 

Hull  tells  us  that  in  the  summer  of  176!  he  had 
produced,  at  Birmingham,  an  alteration  of  Hawkins' 
play — that  Shen stone,  who  was  present  at  the  repre- 
sentation, recommended  him  to  make  the  story  his 
own,  and  afterwards  suggested  to  him  the  character 
of  the  Abbot— he  adds,  that  he  is  not  conscious  of 
any  further  helps,  except  having  adopted  the  idea  (not 
the  matter)  of  an  interview  between  the  King  and 
Clifford,  from  Hawkins — Hull  was  a  very  respectable 
man,  but  the  assertions  of  authors,  where  plagiarism 
is  concerned,  are  not  to  be  relied  on— Hull  has  bor- 

B  B    2 


372  c.  G.  1772-1773. 

rowed  from  Hawkins  the  matter,  not  the  bare  idea  of 
a  scene— in  Hawkins'  play,  Clifford,  disguised  as  a 
Friar,  tells  the  King  that  his  daughter  has  been  se- 
duced by  a  particular  friend— in  Hull's  play,  Clifford, 
disguised  as  an  Abbot,  tells  the  King  that  he  had 
himself  seduced  the  daughter  of  a  particular  friend — 
the  effect  produced  on  the  King's  mind  is  precisely 
the  same  in  both  plays — Hawkins  makes  the  King 
say — 

"  What  means  my  heart  ?  thou  hadst  a  daughter, 
"  Clifford."     (Aside.) 

and  Hull— 

"  Oh,  bitter  tale  !  thou  hadst  a  daughter,  Clifford  I" 

(Aside.) 

— Besides  there  is  such  a  strong  resemblance  between 
Hull's  Abbot,  and  the  same  character  in  M  ountfort's 
play,  that  it  could  not  be  accidental. 

May  3.  Mrs.  Green's  bt.  Good-natured  Man. 
Lofty  =  Lewes,  1st  time  : — in  act  the  3d  (by  particu- 
lar desire)  will  be  restored  the  original  scene  of  the 
Bailiffs — Bailiffs  =  Morris  and  Quick  :  —  with  Man 
and  Wife.  r.  b. 

4.  Not  acted  6  years,  Julius  Csesar.  Antony  = 
Smith:  Brutusi=Bensley,  1st  time:  Cassius  =  Hull, 
1st  time :  Julius  Csesar  =  Clarke :  Octavius  =  Wrough- 
ton  :  Cas^a  =  Gardner:  Plebeians  =  Deinstall,  Quick, 
&c.:  Portia  =  Mrs.  Hartley,  1st  time  :  Calphurnia^ 
Mrs.  Vincent : — with  Upholsterer. 

6.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs,  Du-Bellamy.  Not  acted 
7  years,  Love  for  Love.  Valentine  =  Ross  :  Tattle  = 
Woodward  :  Foresight  =  Cushing  :  Ben  (with  a  song) 


C.G.  1772-1773.  373 

=  Shuter  :  Scandal  =  Hull :  Sir  Sampson  Legend  = 
Dunstall :  Jeremy  =  Dyer  :  Trapland  =  Quick  :  An- 
gelica =  Miss  Macklin:  Mrs.  Frail  =  Mrs.  Bulkley, 
1st  time  :  Miss  Prue  =  Mrs.  Kniveton  :  Mrs.  Fore- 
sight =  Mrs.  Dyer :  Nurse  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

7.  Not  acted  20  years,    Lady  Jane  Gray.     Lord 
Guilford  Dudley  =  Smith  :     Pembroke  •=  Bensley  : 
Bishop  of  Winchester  =  Gardner  :  Northumberland 
=  Hull :    Lady  Jane  Gray  =  Mrs.  Hartley  :  Duchess 
of  Suffolk  =  Mrs.  Vincent : — with   Harlequin   Sor- 
cerer.    Harlequin  =  Lewes. 

8.  Quick's  bt.     King  Lear.     Gentleman  Usher  — 
Quick,  1st  time: — with  an  Interlude  written  by  Foote. 
(no  name  given  to  it)    Carmine  =  Davis:  Lady  Pent- 
weazel  =  Quick  : — and,  never  acted,  Grumbler — this 
is  said  to  be  an  alteration  of  Sir  Charles  Sedley's 
Grumbler— see  D.  L.  April  30  1754. 

10.  Miss  Barsanti's  bt.      Macbeth,   with  Musical 
Lady.     Mask  =  Dyer :  Old  M ask  =  Quick  :   Sophy  = 
Miss  Barsanti,  1st  time  :  Laundress  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

11.  For  bt.  of  Serjeant,  boxkeeper.      Romeo  and 
Juliet.     Juliet  =  Mrs.  Hartley,  1st  time. 

19.  Hamlet,  with,  not  acted  5  years,  Polly  Honey- 
combe.  Honeycombe  =  Quick :  Scribble  =  Lewes, 
1st  time  :  Ledger  =  Dunstall :  Polly  =  Miss  Besford, 
being  her  1st  appearance  as  an  actress  arid  her  bt.  in 
part. 

22.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil  =  Bensley, 
1st  time:  Tom  =  Dyer:  Myrtle  =  Wroughton,  1st 
time:  Cimberton=  Shuter  :  Sealand  =  Clarke:  Phil- 
lis  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Indiana  =  Young  Lady,  her  1st 
appearance  on  any  stage. 


374  HAY.  1773. 

24.  For  bt.  of  Wild  and  3  others.     Merchant  of 
Venice.     Shylock  (for  that  night  only)  =  Shuter. 

25.  Inconstant.  Oriana=:Mrs.  Bulkley,  1st  time. 
31.    She  Stoops  to  Conquer,  12th  time — last  play. 

(Bills  from  B.  M.) 


HAY.  1773. 

Feb.  15.  An  attempt  will  be  made  to  restore  the 
"  Primitive  Puppetshow " — being  a  species  of  the 
Drama  now  supposed  to  be  lost — by  Mr.  Foote  and 
assistants — principal  performers — Mr.  Dubois — Mr. 
Beech — Mr.  Ash — Miss  Broom — Mr.  Hazlewood— 
Mr.  Underwood  —  Mr.  Bramble  —  Mrs.  Pine  and 
Mrs.  Juniper — (B.  M.} — Foote  informed  the  audi- 
ence that  the  piece  about  to  be  performed  was  a 
Sentimental  Comedy  called  "  the  Handsome  House- 
"  maid,  or  Piety  in  Pattens  " — that  they  would  not 
discover  much  wit  or  humour  in  it,  for  his  brother 
writers  had  all  agreed  that  it  was  highly  improper, 
and  beneath  the  dignity  of  a  mixed  assembly,  to 
show  any  signs  of  joyful  satisfaction  ;  and  that 
creating  a  laugh  was  forcing  the  higher  order  of  an 
audience  to  a  vulgar  and  mean  use  of  their  muscles 
— he  had  therefore,  like  them,  given  up  the  sensual 


HAY.    1773.  375 

for  the  sentimental  style.    {From  note  to  Davies*  Life 
of  Garrick — last  Edition.') 

While  Foote  was  preparing  his   puppetshow,   he 
enjoined  all  those  concerned  to  keep  it  a  profound 
secret ;  any  otherwise  than  to  circulate  a  whisper, 
that  something  very  novel  was  about  to  be  produced 
— Garrick  soon  heard  this  report,  and  was  on  tip-toe 
to  get  at  the  secret ;  his  emissaries  were  constantly 
about  the  Green  Room  at  the  Hay.  but  to  no  pur- 
pose— at  last,  Foote,  taking  compassion  of  his  un- 
easiness, told  him,  "if  he  would  dine  with  him  on 
"  such  a  day,  he  should  know  all  " — Garrick  attended 
on  the  day  appointed  with  great  impatience,  when, 
soon  after  dinner,  Foote  told  him,  "  it  was  a  per- 
"  former  of  most  singular  talents  which  he  was  going 
"  to  introduce  on  the  stage,   who  was  to  do  every 
"  thing  in  a  new  way" — "  What's  his  name?  "  says 
Garrick,    with   some,  surprise — "  That   I'm   not  at 
"  liberty  to  mention  yet ;  but  he's  a  near  relation  of 
"  your  old  friend  Dr.  Birch — will  you  be  introduced 
"  to  him  ?  he  is  now,  I  understand,  in  my  study— 
"  but  ask  him  no  questions,  for  he'll  make  you  no 
"  answers  "  —Garrick  bowed  compliance ;  and  John, 
who  previously  had  his  cue,  was  ordered  to  introduce 
the  young  Roscius — he  soon  returned  with  a  large 
well  dressed  Punch  in  his  arms — "  Ah  ! "  (said  Gar- 
rick, a  good  deal  relieved  from  his  fears,)  "  now  I 
"  understand  you — what,  a  puppetshow,  I  suppose?" 
— "  Nothing  more  or  less  "•  — "  well,  but," — rejoined 
Garrick,  "  let  me  see — (still  uneasy) — what  are  these 
"  puppets  to  do  ?  "  — "  Why,  d — mn  it,  David,"  says 
Foote,  (looking  him  full  in  the  face,)  "  you  are  not 
"  jealous  of  Punch  already  ?  come,  part  the  rivals, 


376  HAY.  1773. 

"  John,  as  I  am  determined  to  have  no  noble  blood 
"  spilt  in  my  house  " —here  Punch  . was  remanded, 
and  Garrick  felt  the  laugh  of  the  company.  (Cooke's 
Life  of  Macklin.} 

March  29.  Mrs.  Bellamy  seems  to  have  acted  Isa- 
bella for  her  bt. 

April  16.  Primitive  Puppetshow,  17th  and  last  time. 

Sentimental  Comedy  had  for  some  years  gained 
ground  on  the  stage — this  was  a  sort  of  moral  essay 
thrown  into  dialogue  ;  which  as  it  demanded  little 
or  no  knowledge  of  the  human  character  in  all  the 
various  and  contrasted  shapes  of  comic  situation, 
was  readily  caught  at  by  several  smatterers  in  dra- 
matic writing— the  public  for  some  time  acquiesced 
in  the  innovation  and  it  was  said  "  that  the  theatre 
"  was  at  last  become,  what  it  ought  to  be,  a  public 
"  school  of  virtue  and  morality  " — Dr.  Goldsmith 
was  the  first  to  attack  this  illegitimate  species  of 
writing,  by  his  successive  productions  of  the  Good 
Natured  Man,  and  She  Stoops  to  Conquer — Foote 
followed,  with  his  Piety  in  Pattens  ;  in  which  he  in- 
troduces, in  the  true  ballad  style  "  how  a  maiden  of 
"  low  degree,  by  the  mere  effects  of  morality  and 
"  virtue,  raised  herself  to  riches  and  honours  "  —these 
two  being  supported  by  other  writers,  soon  laid  the 
ghost  of  sentimental  comedy ;  and  John  Bull  was 
once  more  restored  to  his  usual  laugh  and  good 

humour but  it  sometimes  unfortunately  happens 

in  mental,  as  well  as  in  corporeal  diseases,  that  in 
curing  one  species  of  complaint,  unskilful  physicians 
induce  another  equally  dangerous — this  was  the  case 
in  the  cure  of  sentimental  comedy — those  writers 
who  succeeded  Goldsmith  and  Foote  in  their  design, 


HAY.  1773.  377 

but  who  could  not  follow  them  in  their  talents,  per- 
ceiving the  success  of  the  ridicule  against  gravity, 
thought  that  by  making  comedy  still  more  laughable, 
it  would  accommodate  more  the  taste  of  the  public 
— they,  therefore,  to  banish  the  style  of  the  Whole 
Duty  of  Man,  and  the  (Economy  of  Human  Life, 
took  their  model  from  Joe  Miller — whence  it  resulted, 
that  by  a  profusion  of  stale  jests  clumsily  fitted  to 
modern  circumstances,  and  pantomimic  tricks,  which 
were  called  dramatic  situations,  the  stage,  in  general, 
is  even  at  present  so  contaminated,  that  not  only  our 
best  poets  on  the  stock  list  are  out  of  fashion,  but 
many  men  of  real  dramatic  knowledge  feel  the  shame, 
as  well  as  the  risk,  of  writing  under  such  a  degrading 
and  discouraging  patronage.  (Cooke.) 

July  21.  Never  acted,  the  Bankrupt.  Sir  Robert 
Riscouriter  (a  banker)  =  Foote  :  Sir  James  Biddulph 
=  J.  Aikiri :  Margin  (the  printer  of  a  newspaper)  = 
Howard  :  Pillage  —  Weston  :  Resource  =  Fearon  : 
OTlam  =  Moody:  Robin  (servant  to  Sir  James)  = 
Bannister  :  James  (clerk  to  Sir  Robert)  =.  Lamash  : 
Lady  Riscounter  =  Mrs.  Williams:  Lydia  =  Mrs. 
Jewell :  Lucy  =  Miss  Ambrose  :  Kitty  (maid  to 
Lydia)  =  Miss  Flatt : — (Gent's  Magazine)  —  Sir 
James  Biddulph  is  on  the  point  of  marriage  with 
Lydia,  the  daughter  of  Sir  Robert  Riscounter  by  his 
first  wife — Sir  Robert's  second  wife  wishes  to  break 
the  match,  and  to  induce  Sir  James  to  marry  Lucy* 
who  is  her  daughter  by  a  former  husband — for  this 
purpose  she  causes  a  paragraph  to  be  inserted  in  one 
of  the  newspapers,  by  which  it  is  plainly  intimated 
that  Lydia  had  been  surprised  in  a  critical  situation 
with  one  of  her  father's  clerks — Sir  James  and  Sir 


378  HAY.  1773. 

Robert  go  to  Margin's — he  shows  them  the  manu- 
script from  which  the  paragraph  was  copied — Sir 
Robert  knows  the  hand  to  be  that  of  his  clerk — 
Robin  coaxes  Kitty  to-  give  him  a  promissory  note 
from  Lady  Riscounter,  by  which  Kitty  had  been  in- 
duced to  join  in  the  plot  against  her  mistress — this 
note  convinces  Sir  Robert  that  Lady  Riscounter  was 
the  contriver  of  the  villanous  project  against  Lydia 
— Lady  Riscounter  makes  her  exit  with  much  inso- 
lence towards  her  husband — in  the  middle  of  the 
piece,  Sir  Robert's  distress  is  greatly  encreased  by 
the  expectation  of  becoming  a  Bankrupt — he  sends 
for  Pillage  arid  Resource  to  consult  with  them — they 
propose  some  rascally  expedients  which  he  rejects — 

at  the  conclusion  his  affairs  wear  a  better  aspect 

this  is  a  very  good  C.  in  3  acts  by  Foote. 

Aug.  11.  Trip  to  Portsmouth.  Buck  =  Weston  : 
Tom  Bowling  —  Bannister  :  Sir  Flimsey  Nervous  — 
Castle:  Young  Inkle  —  Lamash  :  Miss  Flirt  (kept 
by  Sir  Flimsey)  =  Miss  Craven:  Lady  Lochiel  = 
Mrs.  Fearon  : — this  is  a  poor  piece  in  one  act  with 
songs — there  are  several  other  characterss  but  no 
plot — the  author  acknowledges  that  it  consists  of  de- 
tached scenes,  written  for  the  sake  of  introducing  a 

representation  of  the  late  naval  review the  Trip 

to  Portsmouth  seems  to  have  come  out  on  this  even- 
ing— but  on  the  5th  of  Sep.  1774  it  is  called  a  new 
comic  sketch — it  is  printed  without  a  date. 

Sept.  3,  Jewell's  bt.  Pantheonites.  Dan  Drugger 
—  Weston  :  Farmer  Til  well  (father  to  Deborah  and 
Anna)  =  Bannister  :  Tim  Tilwell  (his  nephew)  — 
Fearon  :  Skinflint  =  Gentleman  :  Sir  Francis  Fair- 
love  =  *  *  *  :  Mrs.  Deborah  Drugger  =  Mrs.  WiJ- 


HAY.     1773.  379 

liams  :  Anna  =  Miss  Platt : Dan  Drugger  was  a 

tobacconist,  but  in  consequence  of  a  lottery  ticket 
which  had  been  given  to  his  wife,  and  which  had 
come  up  a  prize  of  £20,000,  he  had  turned  gentle- 
man— he  and  his  wife  affect  to  be  very  genteel — the 
prize  turns  out  to  be  Anna's  ticket  instead  of  Debo- 
rah's—  Sir  Francis  marries  Anna,  and  settles  an 
annuity  on  the  Druggers — he  agrees  that  they  should 
go  to  the  Masquerade  at  the  Pantheon,  as  they 
originally  intended — this  is  a  poor  F. — it  is  attributed 
to  Gentleman  the  actor. 

Sept.  —  Macaroni.  Epicene,  who  gives  the 
name  to  this  C.,  is  not  a  bad  character,  but  on  the 
whole  this  is  a  very  dull  piece — it  was  written  by 
Hitchcock,  and  came  out  at  York — it  is  said  to 
have  been  once  acted  at  the  Hay. 

The  Modish  Wife  was  acted  on  the  18th  of  Sept. 
after  the  season  was  over — it  is  on  the  whole  a  very 
dull  C. — it  is  attributed  to  Gentleman,  who  has 
prefixed  to  it  a  Summary  View  of  the  stage  in 
30  pages,  with  biographical  anecdotes  of  Aiossop 
and  Dexter  his  schoolfellows  —  this  view  contains 
but  little  information,  but  seems  correct  as  to 
facts. 


380  BATH  1772-1773. 


BATH  1772-1773. 

Oct.  6.  Hamlet  by  a  young  Gentleman,  being  his 
1st  appearance  on  any  stage  :  Polonius  =  Edwin  :— 
with  Ladies'  Frolic.  Justice  Clacks  Edwin. 

13.  Hamlet  =  Young  Gentleman: — with  Mock 
Doctor.  Gregory  =  Ed  win  :  Dorcas  — Mrs.  Did  ier. 

20.  Richard  the  3d  by  Courtney,  the  young   Gen- 
tleman who  acted  Hamlet. 

29.  Twelfth  Night.  Sir  Andrew  Aguecheek  =: 
Edwin  :  Violas  Mrs.  Didier. 

Nov.  3.  Richard  3d  =  Courtney  :  Lord  Mayors 
Edwin. 

5.  Much  ado.  Benedick  =  Courtney:  Dogberry 
zr  Edwin  :  Beatrice  =  Mrs.  Didier  :— with  Commis- 
sary. Mrs.  Loveit=Mr.  Edwin. 

12.  Macbeth  n  Courtney  :— with  Old  Maid  by 
Mrs.  Didier. 

17.  Macbeth  =  Courtney. 

21.  Not  acted  16  years,   Every   Man  in  his  Hu- 
mour.    Bobadill  =  Courtney  :    Master    Stephen  = 
Edwin  :  -  -  with    Capricious   Lovers.      Hobbiriol  — 
Edwin:   Lisette  =  M vs.  Didier: — Ireland  says,   that 
Henderson    (Courtney)  acted   Bobadill    in    Wood- 
ward's manner. 

24.  Hamlet  =  Courtney:  --with  Harlequin  at 
Stockwell.  Harlequin  =  Summers  :  Clown  —  Edwin  : 
Columbine^ Miss  Summers. 

28.  Rehearsal.  Bayes  =.  Courtney  :  Gentleman 
Usher  =  LCdwin  :  —  with  Citizen.  Old  Philpot  = 
Edwin. 


BATH  1772-1773.  381 

Dec.  1  and  8.  Courtney  acted  Macbeth  and 
Bayes. 

1 2.  Wonder.  Don  Felix  —  Courtney  :  Violante  - 
Mrs.  Didier. 

15  and  17.   Courtney  acted  Bobadill  and  Essex. 

19-  Courtney  acted  Benedick. 

22.  Hamlet  =  Courtney  :  1st  Gravedigger=Edwin  : 
—before  the  play  Mr.  Courtney  will    speak  an   ad- 
dress to  the  audience. 

26.  Henry  4th.  Hotspur  =  Henderson  :  (this  was 
the  1st  time  his  name  was  properly  in  the  bill) — with 
Cross  Purposes.  Grub  —  Edwin. 

29.  Henderson  acted  Essex. 

80.  Fashionable  Lover.  Dr.  Druid  =  Edwin  :  — 
with  Jubilee — Henderson  recited  Garrick's  Ode. 

Jan.  2.  Henderson  acted  Bayes,  and  Edwin, 
Midas. 

5  and  7.  Henderson  acted  Macbeth  and  Bobadill. 

9.  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not.  Don  Manuel 
—  Edwin: — with  Miss  in  her  Teens.  Fribble  = 
Henderson  :  Miss  Biddy  =  Miss  Summers. 

12  and  14.  Henderson  acted  Richard  3d  and 
Essex. 

16.  Henderson  acted  Hotspur,  and  Edwin,  1st 
Carrier. 

19-21  and  23.  Henderson  acted  Hamlet — Bayes 
— and  Benedick. 

26  and  28.  Henderson  acted  Macbeth,  and  Hamlet. 

—  A  deficiency  in  the  bills. 

Feb.  11.  Henderson  acted  Bayes 16.  Fribble. 

18.  Henderson  acted  Benedick. 

20  and  23.  Henderson  acted  Lear,  and  Macbeth. 


382  BATH  1772-1773. 

—  A  deficiency  in  the  bills. 

March  2  and  4.  Henderson  acted  Bayes,  and 
Lear. 

6  and  9.  Henderson  acted  Bobadill  and  Hotspur. 

11.  Richard  3d  =  Henderson  : — with  Like  Master 
like  Man.  Sancho  =  Edwin. 

16.  Henderson  acted  Hastings. 

25.  Edwin  acted  Justice  Woodcock. 

27.  Henderson  acted  Benedick,  with  Padlock. 
Don  Diego  —  Edwin. 

30.  King  Lear  —  Henderson  :  —  with  Wedding 
Ring.  Paridolfo  =  Edwin  : — he  was  very  ill  about 
this  time. 

April  1  and  3.  Henderson  acted  Alonzo  in  ditto. 

14.  Henderson  acted  Macbeth. 

16.  She  Stoops  to  Conquer.  Hardcastle  =  Edwin  : 
— Henderson  recited  Garrick's  Ode. 

20.  Henderson  acted  Alzuma  in  ditto. 

29.  Henderson  acted  Bayes — a  deficiency  in  the 
bills. 

May  11  and  18.  Henderson  acted  Alzuma,  and 
Richard. 

20  and  25.  Henderson  acted  Benedick  arid  Hamlet. 

June  1.  Henderson  acted  Lear. 

There  are  three  old  bills. 

Jan  28  1769.  Keasberry's  bt.  Provoked  Hus- 
band. Lord  Townly  =  Lee  :  Sir  Francis  Wronghead 
=  Edwin :  Count  Basset  =  Keasberry  :  Squire 
Richard  =  Didier :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Lee: — with 
Phoebe,  or  the  Beggar's  Wedding.  Justice  Quorum 
=  Edwin  :  Tib  Tatter  =  Mrs.  Didier. 

April  29  1769.  Lee's  bt.  School  for  Lovers.     Sir 


LITERPOOL    BILLS    1773.  383 

John  Dorilant  =  Lee  :  Araminta  =  Mrs.  Didier  : 
CelianMrs.  Mahon  : — she  was  afterwards  married 
to  Palmer,  one  of  the  Proprietors  of  the  theatre. 

May  11  1771.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Saunders.  Rule 
a  Wife.  Leon  =  Keasberry :  Perez  =  Lee:  Duke  of 
Medina  =  Knight:  Esti fania  =  Mrs.  Saunders  :  Mar- 
garita =  Mrs.  Mac  George:  Claras  Miss  Summers  : 
Honoria=  Miss  Farren  :  Ladies  =  Mrs.  Farren,  and 
Mrs.  Summers :  Old  Woman  =  Mr.  Summers  :— 
with  Bucks  have  at  you  all  by  Death  : — and  Author. 
Cadwalladem:  Edwin  :  Mrs.  Cadwallader  —  Mrs. 

Saunders  : Miss  Farren,  whose  name  is  in   this 

bill,  seems  to  have  been  Mrs.  Farreri's  eldest  daugh- 
ter— her  second  daughter  would  probably  have  been 
called  Miss  E.  Farren. 

j2V.  B.    The  Bath  bills  are  from  my  own  collection. 


LIVERPOOL  BILLS  1773- 

June  4.  Beggar's  Opera.  Peachum  =  Quick  : 
Mrs.  Peachum  =  Mrs.  Barrington  : — she  acted  several 
old  parts. 

5.  Orphan.  Polydore  =  Palmer  :  Monimia  =:  Mrs. 
Mattocks  :  —  with  Mock  Doctor.  Sir  Jasper  = 
Quick. 

12.  Palmer  acted  Hardcastle. 


384  LIVERPOOL    BILLS    1773. 

18  and  19-  Mrs.  Mattocks  acted  Statira  arid  Miss 
Aubrey. 

25.  Englishman  in  Paris.     Marquis  =  Quick. 

28.  Chances.  Don  John  =  Palmer :  2d  Con- 
stantianMrs.  Mattocks. 

30.  Cross  Purposes.     Chapeau  — Palmer. 

July  2.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Shylock  =  Palmer  : 
Portia  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

3.  Elfrida.  Athelwold  =  Wroughton  :  Edgar  = 
Palmer  :  Elfrida  =  Miss  Miller  :  Albiria  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks. 

5.  Mrs.  Mattocks  acted  Lady  Macbeth. 

9.  King  Lear  =  Wroughton  :  Edgar  =  Palmer : 
Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

12.  Quick  acted  Jerry  Sneak. 

19.  King  John  =.  Wroughton  :  B astard  =  Palmer  : 
Chatillori  =  Quick  :  Constance  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

26.  Henry  5th  =  Wroughton  :  Dauphin  =  Palmer. 
28.  Reprisal.     O'Clabber  =  Palmer. 

31.  Albion  Queens.  Norfolk  =  Wroughton  :  Queen 
Mary  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

Aug.  9.  Mrs.  Barrington's  bt.  All  for  Love.  An- 
tony =  Wroughton  :  Ventidius  =  Younger  :  Dolabella 
=  Palmer  :  Cleopatra  ==  Miss  Miller  :  Octavia  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks  : — tickets  to  be  had  of  Mrs.  Barrington  at 
Mr.  Mattocks'. 

13.  Mrs.  Mattocks  acted  Juliet. 

14.  Miser.     Mariana  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

16.  Lionel  and  Clarissa.     Jessamy  =  Quick. 

18.  For  bt.  of  Mattocks,  Inconstant.  Duretete 
—  Palmer  :  Bisarre  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

25.  Quick's  bt.  Brothers.  Sir  Benjamin  Dove  = 
Quick  :  Capt.  Ironsides  =  Palmer. 


HAWKINS*    ORIGIN,    &C.  385 

27.  Jovial  Crew.     Oliver  =  Palmer. 

30.  Mrs.  Mattocks  acted  the  Mourning  Bride. 

Sept.  3.  Palmer's  bt.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  = 
Wroughton  :  Copper  Captain  =  Palmer :  Estifania 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

8.  Love  for  Love.  Ben  =  Palmer  :  Angelica  =• 
Mrs.  Mattocks. 

10.  Siege  of  Damascus.  Phocyas  =  Wroughton  : 
Caled  =  Palmer. 

— .  Last  night.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Mattocks.  Not 
acted  20  years,  Foundling.  Young  Belmont  = 
Wroughton:  Faddle  =  Palmer  :  Sir  Roger  Belmont 
=  Quick  :  Rosetta  =  Mrs.  Mattocks.  (From  Ma-. 
Field.) 


HAWKINS'  ORIGIN   OF  THE  ENGLISH 
DRAMA. 

Hawkins  of  Magdalene  College  Oxford  prepared 
for  the  press  3  vols.  of  the  earliest  Dramas — he  un- 
fortunately died  before  the  publication  of  them  in 
1773— if  he  had  lived,  he  meant  to  have  made 
another  selection. 


Vol.  1. 

Candlemas  Day,  or  the  Killing  of  the  Children  of 
Israel— this  is  a  Mystery,  written  in  1512,  in  honour 

VOL.  V.  C    C 


386  HAWKINS'  ORIGIN  OF 

of  the  Virgin  Mary,  and  her  mother,  St.  Anne — in 
this  rude  play,  the  Hebrew  soldiers  swear  by  Ma- 
hound,  or  Mahomet,  who  was  not  born  till  600  years 
after — Herod's  Messenger  is  named  Watkin  :  he  and 
the  Knights  are  directed  "  to  walk  about  the  stage 
"  till  Mary  and  Joseph  are  conveyed  into  Egypt." 
Joseph  is  represented  as  an  old  man. 

Every  Man — this  Morality  was  published  early  in 
the  reign  of  Henry  8th  :  the  subject  is  the  summon- 
ing of  every  man  out  of  the  world  by  Death,  and  its 
moral  that  nothing  will  then  avail  him  but  a  well- 
spent  life,  and  the  comforts  of  religion— the  design 
of  it  is  to  inculcate  great  reverence  for  old  Mother 
Church  and  her  Popish  superstitions — in  the  course 
of  this  piece  it  is  said  that  priesthood  excels  all  other 
things,  and  that  more  power  is  given  to  priests  than 
to  angels. 

Hycke-Scorner — this  Morality  bears  no  very  dis- 
tant resemblance  to  Comedy — the  vices  of  the  age 
are  described  with  some  slight  degree  of  humour. 

Lusty  Juventus,  written  in  the  time  of  Edward 
6th — this  Morality  is  quite  serious :  chapter  and 
verse  are  quoted  as  often  as  in  a  sermon — the  design 
of  it  is  to  expose  Popery,  and  promote  the  Refor- 
mation. 

Gammer  Gurton's  Needle — see  1st  vol.  of  Dods- 
ley  17^4. 

"  King  Cambises  a  lamentable  Tragedy  mixed 
"  full  of  pleasant  mirth" — written  early  in  Queen 
Elizabeth's  reign  by  Thomas  Preston — the  serious 
incidents  are  taken  from  Herodotus — the  comic 
scenes  have  not  much  humour — this  is  the  play  that 


THE    ENGLISH    DRAMA.  387 

Shakspeare  is  supposed  to  allude  to,  when  he  intro- 
duces Falstaff  speaking  in  King  Cambises*  vein. 


Vol.  2. 

Spanish  Tragedy — see  Reed  1744. 

David  and  Bethsabe  was  written  by  George  Peele 
between  1579  and  1598 — the  stage  direction  with 
which  this  play  begins  is — "  David  draws  a  curtain 
"  and  discovers  Bethsabe  with  her  maid  bathing  over 
"  a  spring ;  she  sings,  and  David  sits  above  viewing 
«  her" — this  at  the  first  glance  appears  ludicrous,  but 
almost  every  thing  in  the  piece  is  perfectly  serious — 
at  the  conclusion  David  appoints  Solomon  his  suc- 
cessor— the  rebellion  of  Absalom  is  suppressed. 

Soliman  and  Perseda — Erastus,  a  young  Rhodian, 
and  Perseda  are  mutually  in  love— Erastus  gains  the 
victory  at  a  tournament — he  accidentally  loses  a 
chain  which  Perseda  had  given  him — Ferdinarido 
finds  the  chain,  and  gives  it  to  Lucina — Perseda  sees 
it  on  Lucina's  neck,  and  is  highly  offended  at  Eras- 
tus— Erastus  gets  the  chain  from  Lucina — Erastus 
and  Ferdinando  fight — Ferdinando  is  killed — Erastus 
makes  his  escape  to  Constantinople — Soliman,  the 
Emperor  of  the  Turks,  receives  Erastus  in  the  most 
friendly  manner,  having  previously  heard  a  high  cha- 
racter of  him  from  Brusor,  who  was  present  at  the 
tournament  —  Brusor  by  Soli  man's  orders  takes 
Rhodes — he  presents  Lucina  and  Perseda  to  the 
Emperor — Soliman  falls  in  love  with  Perseda — but 
on  finding  her  attachment  to  Erastus,  he  resigns  her 
to  him — he  sends  Erastus  to  Rhodes  as  the  governour 

c    c  2 


388 

— he  repents  of  his  generosity — Brusor  persuades 
Erastus  to  return  to  Constantinople,  under  pre- 
tence that  the  Emperor  has  great  occasion  for  his 
services — Soliman  puts  Erastus  to  death  under  a 
false  charge  of  treason — Piston,  the  servant  of  Eras- 
tus, informs  Perseda  that  his  master  had  been 
strangled — Soliman  comes  to  Rhodes — Perseda,  in 
the  habit  of  a  man,  fights  with  Soliman— he  kills  her 
—she  contrives  to  poison  him — Love,  Fortune  and 
Death  open  the  play  by  way  of  Prologue — they  com- 
ment on  the  events  at  the  end  of  each  act — at  the 
conclusion,  Death  claims  the  victory,  as  well  he  may, 
for  there  is  not  a  single  person  of  any  importance 
who  is  not  killed — Basilisco  is  a  good  comic  cha- 
racter— Hawkins  says,  perhaps  the  original  of 
Falstaff — Basilisco  is  a  vainglorious  knight — he  is  in 
love  with  Perseda — at  the  taking  of  Rhodes,  he  turns 
Turk  to  save  his  life— he  turns  Christian  again — at 
the  conclusion,  he  is  killed  by  Soliman — this  play  has 
considerable  merit — it  was  printed  in  1599,  but  with- 
out the  name  of  the  author. 

Ferrex  and  Porrex — see  Gorboduc  in   2d  vol.  of 
Dodsley  1744. 


Vol.  3. 

The  Supposes — Phylogano,  a  Sicilian  gentleman, 
had  sent  his  son,  Erostrato,  to  study  at  Ferrara — 
Erostrato  had  fallen  in  love  with  Polynesta,  the 
daughter  of  Damon — for  her  sake  he  had  assumed 
the  name  of  his  servant,  Dulippo,  and  had  hired  him- 
self to  Damon— Dulippo  had  by  his  master's  orders 


THE    ENGLISH    DRAMA.  389 

assumed  the  name  and  habit  of  Erostrato — the  sup- 
posed Dulippo  had  prevailed  on  Polynesia  to  allow 
him  the  privileges  of  a  husband — he  had  however 
previously  told  her  who  he  really  was  — here  the  play 
begins — Oleander,  an  old  doctor  of  law,  pays  his  ad- 
dresses to  Polynesia — so  does  the  supposed  Erostrato 
— the  latter  prevails  on  a  Scenese,  as  he  is  called,  to 
assume  the  character  of  Phylogano — the  real  Phylo- 
gano  arrives  at  Ferrara — he  knocks  at  the  door  of 
the  house  in  which  he  is  told  that  his  son  lives — 
Scenese  appears  at  the  window,  and  says  that  he  is 
Phylogano — the  supposed  Erostrato  affects  not  to 
know  his  old  master — in  the  mean  time  Damon  had 
discovered  the  intrigue  between  his  daughter  and  the 
supposed  Dulippo — he  shuts  up  the  supposed  Dulippo 
in  a  dungeon — Phylogano  goes  to  consult  Oleander 
— Oleander  discovers  that  the  real  Dulippo  is  his  son 
— an  explanation  takes  place  to  the  satisfaction  of 
all  parties— and  the  piece  concludes  with  the  union 
of  Polynesia  and  the  real  Erostrato — Pasiphilo,  the 
parasite,  is  an  important  character — part  of  his  1st 
soliloquy  is  evidently  from  Juvenal— the  play  seems 
to  have  been  written  in  imitation  of  Terence — the 
whole  of  it  passes  in  the  street — this  is  a  very  good 
C. — it  was  written  in  Italian  by  Ariosto,  and  trans- 
lated by  Gascoigne— it  was  printed  in  1566,  and  had 
been  acted  at  Gray's  Inn — the  Supposes  is  said  to 
be  the  first  English  play  in  prose — Shakspeare  has 
borrowed  from  it  a  considerable  part  of  his  Taming 
of  the  Shrew — but  he  has  not  improved  what  he  has 
borrowed  —  the  story  is  better  managed  in  the 
Supposes. 


390  HAWKINS*    ORIGIN    OF 

Satiro-mastix — see  Ben  Jonson's  Poetaster. 

Return  from  Parnassus,  or  the  Scourge  of  Simony 
— this  play  was  publickly  acted  by  the  Students  of 
St.  John's  College  Cambridge  in  1606— the  design 
of  it  was  to  expose  the  vices  and  follies  of  the  rich 
in  those  days,  and  to  show  what  little  attention  was 
paid  by  that  class  of  men  to  the  learned  and  inge- 
nious— the  scenes  in  which  Simony  is  Scourged  have 
great  merit,  but  as  the  play  is  totally  void  of  plot 
and  incident,  some  parts  of  it  are  dull — Sir  Raderick 
agrees  to  present  Immerito  to  a  living,  upon  condi- 
tion of  receiving  £100,  and  under  a  promise  that 
Immerito  will  take  12  pence  a  year  for  the  tithes  due 
to  him  from  Sir  Raderick — after  this  a  ridiculous 
examination  of  Immerito  takes  place — several  Stu- 
dents leave  the  University  in  hopes  of  advancing 
their  fortunes  in  the  metropolis,  two  of  them,  who 
have  been  unsuccessful,  propose  going  on  the  stage. 

Act  4th  Scene  3rd — Enter  Burbage  and  Kempe. 

JBurb.  Now,  Will  Kempe,  if  we  can  entertain 
these  scholars  at  a  low  rate,  it  will  be  well ;  they 
have  oftentimes  a  good  conceit  in  a  part. 

Kem.  It's  true,  indeed,  honest  Dick,  but  the  slaves 
are  somewhat  proud.  *•  *  * 

13urb.  A  little  teaching  will  mend  these  faults,  and 
it  may  be  besides,  they  will  be  able  to  pen  a  part. 

Kem.  Few  of  the  University  pen  plays  well ;  they 
smell  too  much  of  that  writer  Ovid,  and  that  writer 
Metamorphosis  ;  why,  here's  our  fellow  Shakspeare 
puts  them  all  down  ;  ay,  and  Ben  Jonson  too— O, 
that  Ben  Jonson  is  a  pestilent  fellow,  he  brought  up 


THE    ENGLISH    DRAMA.  3Q1 

Horace  giving  the  poets  a  pill ;  but  our  fellow  Shak- 
>]H-jire  has  given  him  a  purge,  that  made  him  bewray 
his  credit. 

Burb.  It's  a  shrewd  fellow  indeed — I  wonder  these 
scholars  stay  so  long,  they  appointed  to  be  here  pre- 
sently, that  we  might  try  them  ;  O,  here  they  come 
—Master  Phi  lorn  us  us,  and  Master  Studioso,  Heaven 
save  you. 

Kem.  Master  Philomusus,  and  Master  Otioso, 
well  met. 

Phiio..  The  same  to  you,  good  Master  Burbage — 
what  Master  Kempe  *  *  * 

Kem.  Well,  you  merry  knaves,  you  may  come  to 
the  honour  of  it  one  day  ;  is  it  not  better  to  make  a 
fool  of  the  world  as  I  have  done,  than  to  be  fooled 
of  the  world  as  you  scholars  are  ?  but  be  merry,  my 
lads,  you  have  happened  upon  the  most  excellent 
vocation  in  the  world  for  money  ;  they  come  north 
and  south  to  bring  it  to  our  playhouse ;  and  for 
honours,  who  of  more  report  than  Dick  Burbage  and 
Will  Kempe?  he  is  not  counted  a  gentleman  that 
knows  not  Dick  Burbage  and  Will  Kempe  ;  there's 
not  a  country  wench  that  can  dance  Sellenger's  round, 
but  can  talk  of  Dick  Burbage  and  Will  Kempe. 

Philo.  Indeed,  Master  Kempe  you  are  very  fa- 
mous *  *  * 

Burb.  Master  Studioso,  I  pray  you  take  some  part 
in  this  book  and  act  it,  that  I  may  see  what  will  fit 
you  best ;  I  think  your  voice  would  serve  for  Hiero- 
nimo,  observe  how  I  act  it  and  then  imitate  me. 

Siudi.  "  Who  calls  Hieronimo,"  &c. 

Burb.  You  will  do  well,  after  a  while. 

Kem.  Now  for  you ;  methinks  you  should  belong 


392  HAWKINS'  ORIGIN,  &c. 

to  my  tuition  ;  and  your  face,  methinks,  would  be 
good  for  a  foolish  mayor,  or  a  foolish  justice  of  peace ; 
mark  me  ( — Kempe  then  makes  a  long  comic  speech — 
which  Philomusus  repeats  after  him.} 

Kem.  Thou  wilt  do  well  in  time,  if  thou  wilt  be 
ruled  by  thy  betters,  that  is  by  myself,  and  such 
grave  aldermen  of  the  playhouse  as  I  am. 

Burb.  I  like  your  face,  and  the  proportion  of  your 
body  for  Richard  the  3d,  I  pray,  Master  Philomusus, 
let  me  see  you  act  a  little  of  it. 

Philo.  "  Now  is  the  winter,"  &c.          (two  lines.) 

Burb.  Very  well  I  assure  you ;  well,  master  Phi- 
lomusus, and  Master  Studioso,  we  see  what  ability 
you  are  of ;  I  pray,  walk  with  us  to  our  fellows  and 
we'll  agree  presently. 

Philo.  We  will  follow  you  straight,  Master  Burbage. 

Kem.  It's  good  manners  to  follow  us,  Master  Phi- 
lomusus, and  Master  Otioso. 

(Exeunt  Burbage  and  Kempe.) 
Philo.  And  must  the  basest  trade  yield  us  relief? 

Must  we  be  practised  to  those  leaden  spouts, 
That  nought  down  vent,  but  what  they  do 
receive  ?  &c.  &c. 

— this  is  so  singular  a  scene  that  it  is  particularly 
worthy  of  quotation — it  is  however  an  unfair  attack 

on  the  two  actors  and  the  profession  in  general 

Hawkins  and  the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  observe  that 
Dr.  Wild  has  borrowed  the  foundation  of  his  C. 
called  the  Benefice  from  this  play — it  seems  however 
much  more  probable,  that  he  has  borrowed  it  from 
the  Rival  Friends. 

Wily  Beguiled — Gripe  wishes  his  daughter  Lelia 


D.  L.  1773-1774.  393 

to  marry  Peter  Ploddall,  because  his  father  is  rich — 
Churms,  who  gives  the  title  to  the  play,  is  a  lawyer 
— he  makes  Peter  Ploddall  believe  that  he  will  pro- 
mote his  interest  with  Lelia — he  makes  Gripe  be- 
lieve that  he  will  promote  his  daughter's  union  with 
Peter  Ploddall — his  real  object  is  to  marry  Lelia 
himself — she  detests  Churms,  and  is  in  love  with 
Sophos — Sophos  is  a  scholar,  but  not  rich — Fortuna- 
tus,  Lelia's  brother,  returns  from  abroad — he  recom- 
mends Lelia  to  pretend  to  be  in  love  with  Churms — 
Churms  readily  swallows  the  bait — he  carries  off 
Lelia  from  her  father's  house — Fortunatus  and  Sophos 
meet  Churms,  and  take  Lelia  from  him — at  the  con- 
clusion, Fortunatus  prevails  on  his  father  to  give 
Lelia  to  Sophos — this  is  a  good  C. — the  author  is 
unknown,  but  the  piece  is  said  to  have  been  printed 
in  1606 — the  best  character  is  Will  Cricket,  a  merry 
country  fellow — he  is  in  a  hurry  to  be  married  to 
Peg,  and  desires  the  Clerk  that  he  may  be  asked  at 
church  on  Sunday  morning,  Sunday  evening,  and  the 
next  holiday — the  Clerk  tells  him  that  he  may  be 
asked  on  Sunday  morning,  but  that  a  company  of 
players  come  to  the  town  on  Sunday  afternoon,  and 
the  Parson  is  so  good  a  fellow,  he  will  scarce  leave 
their  company  to  say  evening  prayer. 


D.  L.  1773-1774. 

Sept.  18.  Beggar's  Opera,  and  High  Life. 
25.  Gamesters 28.  Maid  of  the  Mill. 


394  a.  L.   1773-1774. 

Venice  Preserved  deferred  as  Barry  was  ill. 

30.  Tancred  and  Sigismunda,  by  Reddish  and 
Mrs.  Barry. 

Oct.  2.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour.  Kitely  = 
Garrick  :  Young  Knowell  =  J.  Aikin  :  Wellbred  = 
Jefferson  :  Cash  =  Brereton,  1st  time. 

5.  Grecian  Daughter.     Evander  =  Aikin. 

9.  Not  acted  16  years,  Alfred.  Alfred  =  Reddish : 
Earl  of  Devon  =  Jefferson  :  Hermit  =  J.  Aikin  : 
Corin=  Bannister  :  Danish  King  =  Palmer  :  1st 
Dane  =  Brereton  :  2d  Dane  =  J.  Bannister  :  Eltruda 
=  Miss  Younge  :  Emma  rz  Mrs.  Smith  :  Edith  = 
Mrs.  Wrighten  :  —  acted  about  8  times. 

11.  Catharine  and  Petruchio,  by  Miss  Pope  and 
King. 

13.  Trip  to  Scotland.    Cupid  — Master  Blanchard, 
1st  appearance. 

14.  Garrick  acted  Abel  Drugger. 

19.  Not  acted  26  years,  Albumazar.  Albuma- 
zar  (an  astrologer)  —  Palmer  :  Trincalo  (a  country 
fellow — tenant  to  Pandolfo)  n:King  :  Pandolfo  (father 
of  Eugenio  and  Sulpitia)  =  Parsons  :  Cricca  (his  ser- 
vant) =  Baddeley  :  Lelio  (in  love  with  Sulpitia)  = 
Davies  :  Eugenio  (in  love  with  Flavia)  =  Wheeler  : 
Antonio  (father  of  Lelio  and  Flavia)  =  Packer: 
Furbo,  Rorica,  and  Harpax  (confederates  with  Albu- 
mazar) =  Bannister,  Hurst,  and  Keen:  Sulpitia  (in 
love  with  Lelio)  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Armellina  (ser- 
vant to  Antonio)  =  Miss  Pope  :  Flavia  (in  love  with 
Eugenio)  =  Mrs.  Jefferson  :  Bevilona  (a  courtezan) 
=  Miss  Platt : — acted  5  times — Pandolfo  and  Antonio 
had  agreed  that  each  of  them  should  marry  the  other's 
daughter — Antonio  had  gone  abroad — Lelio  refuses 


D.  L.   1773-1774.  39-5 

to  give  his  sister  to  Pandolfo — Pandolfo  has  great 
faith  in  astrology — Cricca  is  an  unbeliever— Albu- 
mazar  promises  Pandolfo  to  transform  any  friend  of 
his  into  the  shape  of  Antonio — Trincalo  is  persuaded 
to  undergo  the  metamorphosis — and  to  give  Flavia 
to  Pandolfo  as  Antonio— Albumazar  tells  Pandolfo 
that  a  certain  quantity  of  plate  will  be  necessary  to 
effect  their  purpose— Pandolfo  furnishes  the  plate- 
he  had  promised  Albumazar  a  valuable  chain — but 
when  it  comes  to  the  point,  he  is  loath  to  part  from 
it — Cricca  advises  him  to  pretend  that  Albumazar 
had  robbed  him  of  a  part  of  the  plate— Albumazar 
and  his  confederates  really  carry  off  the  plate — but 
when  Pandolfo  exclaims  that  he  is  robbed,  Cricca 
thinks  his  master  is  only  acting  a  part — the  real 
Antonio  returns  in  the  4th  act — Pandolfo,  thinking 
Antonio  to  be  only  Trincalo,  agrees  to  leave  every 
thing  to  his  decision — Antonio  gives  Flavia  to  Eugenio, 
and  resigns  Sulpitia  to  Lelio — Albumazar  and  his 
confederates  are  taken  into  custody — Pandolfo  reco- 
vers his  plate Albumazar  was  revived  in  1668 — 

see  L.  I.  F.  Feb.  2 — it  was  now  revived  with  altera- 
tions by  Garrick — they  are  not  material,  but  one  of 
them  must  not  be  passed  over  without  notice — in 
the  original,  Ronca,  looking  into  the  perspicil,  says, 
"  I  see  the  Jesuits  at  Rome,  and  what  they  write 
"  and  do" — this  Garrick  has  changed  to — "  I  seethe 
"  Jesuits,  like  a  swarm  of  bees,  all  buzzing,  just 

"  turned  out" Pandolfo.     "  A  good  riddance5' — 

this  allusion  to  the  suppression  of  the  Jesuits  in  1773 

is  introduced  in  this  old  C.  with  peculiar  impropriety. 

20.     Suspicious    Husband.      Ranger  =  Garrick: 

Strictland  =  Jefferson,  1st  time  : — see  Nov.  25  1771. 


396  D.  L.   1773-1774. 

22.  Rule  a  Wife.     Leon  —  Garrick  :  Copper  Cap- 
tain =  King :  Cacafogo  =.  Love  :  Estifania  =  Mrs. 
Abington  :    Margarita  =  Mrs.  Robinson,   1st  time  : 
Old  Woman  =  Mr.  Baddeley. 

23.  Venice  Preserved.   Jaffier  =.  Barry  :  Belvidera 
=:Mrs.  Barry. 

26.  Fair  Penitent.  Horatio  =  Barry  :  Calista  = 
Mrs.  Barry  :  Lavinia  =Miss  Sherry,  1st  time. 

28.  Much  ado.     Benedick  =  Garrick. 

29.  Barry  acted  Evander. 

30.  Garrick  acted  Sir  John  Brute. 

Nov.  1.  Irish  Widow  by  Mrs.  Greyille,  her  1st  ap- 
pearance there. 

2.  As  you  like  it.  Jaques  =  Love  :  Rosalind  =  Mrs. 
Barry  :  Celia  =  Miss  Jarratt,  1st  time  : — with,  never 
acted,  the  Deserter.  Henry  (a  soldier)  =  Vernon  : 
Skirmish  (a  drunken  dragoon)  =  Parsons  :  Russet 
(father  to  Louisa)  =  Bannister:  Simkin  =  Dibdin : 
Louisa  =  Mrs.  Smith  :  Jenny  (secretly  in  love  with 
Henry)  =Mrs.  Wrighten  :  Margaret  =  Mrs.  Love  : 
— the  scene  lies  in  a  village  near  the  French  camp — 
Henry  and  Louisa  are  are  mutually  in  love — he  is 
told  that  Louisa  is  married — he  is  so  distressed  that 
he  owns  himself  to  be  a  deserter —he  is  condemned 
to  death — the  jailor  tells  him  that  the  soldiers  are 
coming  for  him — Henry  sings  a  song — Russet  enters 
with  the  good  news  that  Louisa  had  obtained  a  par- 
don for  Henry  from  the  King — this  musical  Enter- 
tainment was  written  by  Dibdin — it  has  met  with 
much  greater  success  than  it  deserved. 

4  and  5.  Tamerlane.     Bajazet  =  Barry. 

6.  (and  7)  Jane  Shore.  Hastings  =  Garrick :  Shore 
=  Reddish  :  Gloster  =  Jefferson  :  Jane  Shore  —Mrs. 


D.  L.    1773-1774.  397 

Canning,  her  1st  appearance  on  any  stage  :  Alicia  = 
Miss  Younge,  1st  time:— acted  6  times  — Garrick 
had  given  up  the  part  of  Hastings,  but  resumed  it  at 
the  pressing  instances  of  some  Ladies  of  very  high 
rank,  who  patronized  Mrs.  Canning— (Dimond} — 
Mrs.  Canning  was  a  widow,  and  had  given  birth  to 
the  late  Right  Honourable  George  Canning ;  for 
which  piece  of  public  service,  she  was  in  due  time 
rewarded  with  a  handsome  pension. 

9.  First  time,  Fair  Quaker,  or  the  Humours  of 
the  Navy,  with  alterations  and  additions.  Commo- 
dore Flip  (a  rough  Tar)  =  Moody :  Capt.  Mizen  (a 
fop)  —  Dodd  :  Capt.  Worthy  =  Jefferson  :  Rove  well 
z^Dimond  :  Sir  Charles  Pleasant  =  Brereton  :  Bin- 
nacle =  Weston  :  Hatchway  =  Bannister  :  Dorcas 
Zeal  (the  Fair  Quaker)  Miss  Pope :  Arabella  Zeal 
(her  sister)  —  Mrs.  Greville :  Belinda  =  Miss  Hopkins : 
Jenny  Private  and  Jiltup  (women  of  the  town)  = 
MissPlatt  and  Mrs.  Bradshaw  :—  acted  10  or  11 
times — Worthy  and  Dorcas  Zeal  are  mutually  in 
love  —  Arabella  wishes  to  prevent  the  union  of 
Worthy  with  her  sister — for  this  purpose,  she  first 
writes  a  letter  to  Dorcas,  by  which  she  is  informed 
that  Worthy  has  a  wife  and  two  children — Arabella 
afterwards  dresses  herself  as  a  man,  and  makes  love 
to  Dorcas  as  a  young  Quaker — on  being  discovered, 
she  consents  to  marry  Sir  Charles  Pleasant —Wor- 
thy and  Rovewell  marry  Dorcas  and  Belinda — Flip 
and  Mizen  are  tricked  into  a  marriage  with  Jiltup 
and  Jenny  Private — Worthy  sets  them  at  liberty,  on 
condition  of  their  settling  a  pension  on  the  two 
women — the  Fair  Quaker  of  Deal  came  out  at  D.  L. 
Feb.  25  1710— the  alteration,  which  was  made  on 


398  D.  L.  1773-1774. 

this  revival,  is  a  good  one — it  is  attributed  to  Capt. 
Thompson  —  the  scene  is  changed  from  Deal  to 
Portsmouth — Binnacle  is  in  great  measure  a  new 
character — in  the  preface  Capt.  Thompson  mistakes 
the  year  in  which  this  C.  came  out  and  supposes  that 
MrSo  Santlow  did  not  play  Dorcas  Zeal  originally — 
he  observes  very  properly  that  "  although  the  sea- 
"  soning  of  the  original  play  may  be  too  high  for  the 
"  palates  of  the  present  age,  yet  in  times  of  less 
"  luxury  and  more  chastity,  the  drama  was  always 
"  more  loose  and  unguarded — it  is  an  incontroverti- 
"  ble  truth  that  the  more  vicious  we  grow  in  conduct 
"  and  disposition,  the  more  chaste  and  refined  we 
"  become  in  sentiment  and  conversation ;  for  when 
"  we  have  really  lost  our  chastity  and  reputation,  we 
"  artfully  assume  a  foreign  character,  and  endeavour 
"  by  a  prudish  behaviour  to  hide  the  very  vices  we 
"  practice." 

In  1812  and  1813  some  few  old  plays  were  revived 
at  an  eminent  Provincial  theatre — at  these  some 
Ladies  thought  it  necessary  to  take  offence — a  Gen- 
tleman made  a  formal  application  to  the  manager, 
and  said  if  he  persisted  in  acting  such  Comedies,  he 
would  not  suffer  his  wife  to  frequent  the  theatre — the 
Lady  was  most  cruelly  belied,  if  she  had  not  cuckolded 
her  husband  ;  arid  the  Gentleman  was  generally  sup- 
posed to  have  put  his  horns  into  his  pocket  from 
prudential  motives — a  proper  person  to  censure  Far- 
quhar  and  Cibber — 

"  Tertius  e  ccdo  cecidit  Cato" — Juvenal. 

Nov.  13  and  18.  Barry  acted  Osrnyn,  and  Evander. 
15.  Chances.     Don  John  =  Garrick. 


D.  L.  1773-1774.  399 

24.  Stratagem.     Archer  Garrick :  Mrs.  Sullen  = 
Mrs.  Barry :— with  Devil  to  Pay.     Jobson  =  Moody, 
1st  time  :  Sir  John  Loverule  =  Vernon  :  Nell  =  Miss 
Pope. 

25.  Merope.     Dorilas  =  Cautherley. 

26.  Fashionable  Lover.     Aubrey  =  Barry :  Mor- 
timer =  Palmer,  1st  time  :  Miss  Bridgemore  =  Miss 
Sherry,  1st  time  :  Miss  Aubrey  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

Dec.  3.  Theodosius.     Pulcheria  =  Mis8  Sherry. 

4.  Twelfth  Night.     Maria -Mrs.  Hopkins. 

11.  Never  acted,  School  for  Wives.  General  Sa- 
vage =  King:  Belville  =  Reddish  :  Torrington  (a  bar- 
rister )n:Weston  :  Capt.  Savage  =  Brereton  :  Leeson 
(a  Templar)  =  Palmer :  Connolly  (his  clerk  —  an 
Irishman)  =  Moody:  Spruce  (valet  to  Belville)  =  Bad- 
deley  :  Ghastly  =  W.  Palmer :  Miss  Wal&ingham  = 
Mrs.  Abington  :  Mrs.  Belville  =  Miss  Younge  :  Lady 
Rachel  Mildew  =  Mrs.  Hopkins:  Mrs.  Tempest  — 
Mrs.  Greville  :  Miss  Leeson  (her  niece)  — Miss  Jar- 
ratt : — acted  21  times — Belville  has  a  great  esteem 
for  his  wife's  virtues— but,  tho'  she  is  handsome,  he 
prefers  the  person  of  almost  any  other  woman  to 
her's — Miss  Leeson  is  stage  mad — Belville  decoys 
her  from  her  friends  under  the  assumed  character 
of  an  Irish  manager — Lady  Rachel  had  formed  an 
acquaintance  with  Miss  Leeson — she  introduces  Mrs. 
Belville  to  her — while  they  are  with  her,  Belville 
comes  in — he  is  confounded  at  seeing  them — he  asks 
his  wife's  pardon,  which  she  readily  grants— Mrs. 
Tempest  carries  off  Miss  Leeson — Leeson  challenges 
Belville  on  his  sister's  account — Belville  avoids  the 
duel  as  long  as  he  can— he  is  at  last  forced  to  draw 
his  sword— he  disarms  Leeson — Belville  makes  love 


400  D.  L.  1773-1774. 

to  Miss  Walsingham — she  very  adroitly  turns  his 
addresses  into  ridicule — Lady  Rachel  writes  a  letter 
to  Belville  in  Miss  Walsingham's  name— the  purport 
of  the  letter  is  to  make  an  assignation  with  him  at 
the  masquerade — Belville  enters  in  the  5th  act  with 
a  lady  in  a  mask — when  the  lady  unmasks  she  proves 
to  be  Mrs.  Belville — Capt.  Savage  and  Miss  Walsing- 
ham are  mutually  in  love — they  conceal  their  attach- 
ment— Miss  Walsingham  takes  pains  to  ingratiate 
herself  in  the  General's  favour — the  General  is  so 
much  pleased  with  her  attentions  that  he  proposes 
marriage  to  her — he  expresses  himself  in  such  a 
manner  that  she  supposes  he  is  soliciting  her  hand 
for  his  son,  and  not  for  himself— Mrs.  Tempest  is 
kept  by  the  General — in  the  last  scene,  she  compels 
him  to  resign  Miss  Walsingham  to  his  son,  with  a 
suitable  fortune — Belville  promises  to  be  constant  to 
his  wife  for  the  future — Leeson  marries  Belville's 
sister,  who  is  riot  one  of  the  D.  P. — this  is  a  pretty 
good  C. — it  was  written  by  Kelly,  but  not  acknow- 
ledged by  him  at  the  time — the  observations  about 
duelling  are  very  judicious— the  scene  in  which  Tor- 
rington  mistakes  the  bailiffs  for  Dantzic  traders  was 
added  afterwards. 

16.  Barry  and  Mrs.  Barry  acted  Lord  and  Lady 
Townly. 

18.  West  Indian.  Belcoum  Reddish  :  Varlandm 
Waldron  :  Louisa  Dudley  =  Miss  Hopkins  :  Mrs. 
Fulmer=:Miss  Sherry. 

21.  Clandestine  Marriage. 

27.  Never  acted,  Christmas  Tale.  Tycho  (squire 
to  Floridor)  =  Weston  :  Floridor  (son  to  Bonoro)  = 
Vernon  :  Bonoro  (a  good  magician)  =  Bannister : 


D.  L.   1773-1774. 

Faladel  =  Parsons  :  Nigromant  (a  bad  magician)  — 
Champness  :  Radel  =  Dimond  :  Camilla  =  Mrs. 
Smith  :  Robinette  (her  attendant)  =  Mrs.  Wrighten: 
— Floridor  and  Camilla  are  mutually  in  love — Bo- 
noro  approves  of  his  son's  passion,  but  says  he  must 
prove  himself  worthy  of  Camilla— particularly  by  de- 
stroying Nigromant — he  gives  him  his  wand,  and 
charges  him  to  guard  the  evil  spirits  whom  he  had 
imprisoned — Floridor  is  so  foolish  as  to  entrust  the 
care  of  them  to  Tycho — Tycho  falls  asleep,  and 
drops  the  wand — the  evil  spirits  make  their  escape 
— Floridor  loses  the  sword  and  shield  which  his  father 
had  given  "him— Camilla  enters  as  an  old  woman — 
she  offers  to  recover  his  sword  and  shield  for  him, 
provided  he  will  promise  to  perform  whatever  she 
shall  ask — he  promises — (see  Women  Pleased  D.  L, 
Nov.  8  1743) — Floridor,  having  recovered  his  arms, 
conquers  Nigromant — Camilla,  as  the  old  woman, 
calls  on  Floridor  to  give  her  his  love — he  refuses  to 
abandon  Camilla — she  throws  off  her  disguise,  and 
the  piece  ends  with  their  union — Tycho  and  Faladel 
are  suitors  to  Robinette — this  dramatic  entertain- 
ment was  acted  19  times —it  is  in  5  parts— if  it  had 
been  brought  out  as  an  afterpiece  and  a  spectacle, 
it  might  have  passed  without  censure,  but  such 
things  when  produced  as  first  pieces  must  excite  the 
indignation  of  all  but  barren  spectators — it  is  gene- 
rally ascribed  to  Garrick  ;  but  was  published  with- 
out his  name — the  internal  evidence  forms  a  strong 
presumptive  proof  that  it  was  written  by  him. 

Jan.  6.  Register  Office.  Irishman  =  Moody : 
Scotchman  =  Parsons  :  Frenchman  —  Baddeley  :  Le 
Brush  =  Palmer  :  Mrs.  Doggerel  =  Miss  Pope.  r.  b. 

VOL.    V.  D  D 


402  i).  L.  1773-1774. 

13.  Wonder.  Don  Felix  =  Garrick :  Lissardo:= 
King :  Violante  =:  Mrs.  Barry  :  Flora  =:  Miss  Pope  : 
— with  Anatomist.  Le  Medicin  =  Baddeley  :  Cris- 
pin =Dodd:  Old  Gerald  =  Parsons,  r.  b. 

%%.  Way  to  keep  him. 

28.  Cymheline.     Queen  n:  Miss  Sherry,  1st  time. 

Feb.  2.  Not  acted  7  years,  King  John,  with  Male 
Coquette.  Daffodil  =  Dodd ;  Sophia  =  Mrs.  Gre- 
ville,  1st  time. 

4.  King  John  =  Reddish  :  Bastard  =  Palmer  :  Hu- 
bert nAikin:  Pembroke  =  Brereton  :  Salisbury  = 
Packer:  Essex ~J.  Bannister:  King  of  France  =:J. 
Aikin  :  Dauphin  =.  Dimond  :  Prince  Arthur  =  Master 
Blanchard :  Pandulph  —  Bransby :  Chatillon  —  Davies: 
Constance  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Queen  Elinor  =  Miss 
Sherry  :  Blanch  —  Miss  Jarratt : — King  John  was 
acted  4  times,  r.  b. 

8.  Garrick  acted  Hamlet. 

9.  Never  acted,  Note  of  Hand,  or  a  Trip  to  New- 
market. Mac  Cormuck  =  Moody  :  Rivers  =  Cauther- 
ley  :  Revell  =  Palmer  :  Sapling  -  Dodd :   Sunderland 
=  Jefferson  :   Secretary  =  J.  Bannister  :  Mrs.  Cheve- 
ley:=Mrs.  Greville  : — acted  about  13  times — Rivers 
has  good  qualities,   but  they  are  obscured  by  his  love 
of  gaming — he  loses  a  considerable  sum  to  Sunder- 
land— Mrs.  Cheveley  is  in  love  with  Rivers — she  and 
Sunderland  wish  to  reclaim  him — she  commissions 
Sunderland  to  give  Rivers  a  Note  of  Hand,  by  which 
she  promises  to  surrender  her  heart  and  fortune  to 
the  bearer — Sunderland  gives  Rivers  the  note  as  a 
money  bill — Rivers  does  not  read  it — he  gives  it  to 
Mac  Cormuck,  who  is  one  of  his  Irish  tenants,  to 
get  cash  for  it — Mac  Cormuck  asks  Revell  to  turn 


D.  L.  1773-1774.  4>03 

it  into  cash — Revell  gives  Mac  Cormuck  50  guineas 
— lie  carries  the  note  to  Mrs.  Cheveley,  and  claims 
payment  in  the  literal  sense  of  the  words — Rivers  is 
confounded  when  he  learns  from  Sunderland  the  na- 
ture of  the  note — Revell  resigns  it  to  him — the  piece 
ends  with  the  union  of  Rivers  and  Mrs.  Cheveley— 
Rivers  promises  to  reform— Sunderland  turns  out  to 
be  his  uncle  in  disguise — Sapling  is  a  writer  in  an 
attorney's  office — he  comes  down  to  Newmarket  as  a 
dashing  gentleman — he  loses  all  his  money  at  the 
gaming  table — this  is  a  tolerably  good  Farce  by  Cum- 
berland, who  says  that  he  wrote  it  at  the  desire  of 
Moody. 

15.  Christmas  Tale,  with  Neck  or  Nothing,  re- 
vived. Martin  =  King:  Slip  =  Palmer  :  Belford  = 
Brereton  :  Stockwell  =  Hartry  :  Jenny  =  Miss  Pope  : 
Mrs.  Stockwell  =  Mrs.  Bradsdaw:  Miss  Nancy  Stock- 
well  =  Miss  Hopkins  :  Sir  Harry  Harlowe  =  Wal- 
dron  : — in  a  new  edition  of  this  Farce  in  1774,  Par- 
sons' name  stands  to  this  part,  which  he  acted  ori- 
ginally. 

19.  Never  acted,  Sethona.  Menes  =  Reddish : 
Seraphis  =  Barry :  Amasis  =  Aikin  :  Orus  (high  priest 
of  Osiris)  =  J.  Aikin  :  Otanes  =  Packer :  Myrtseus  = 
Davies  :  Sethona  (daughter  to  Seraphis)  =  Mrs. 
Barry: — acted  9  times— Amasis  had  deposed  Sera- 
phis,  and  usurped  the  throne  of  JEgypt — as  Menes 
and  Sethona  stood  before  the  gods  to  be  married, 
Amasis  forced  Menes  from  her,  and  confined  him  in 
a  vault — from  which  he  was  preserved  by  Orus — at 
the  opening  of  the  play,  Sethona  believes  Seraphis 
and  Menes  to  be  dead — Amasis  insists  that  she  should 

D    2 


404  ».  L.  1773-1774. 

marry  him  immediately — she  faints  and  is  carried  off 
— Menes  gets  access  to  Sethona' s  apartment  by  a  pri- 
vate passage — he  is  again  forced  away  by  the  guards 
of  Amasis — Seraphis,  who  was  supposed  to  have  been 
drowned  in  the  Nile,  returns  from  Ethiopia  in  the 
disguise  of  a  hermit— the  friends  of  Seraphis  and 
Menes  take  up  arms  against  Amasis,  but  are  defeated 
— Seraphis  discovers  himself  to  Sethoria — he  tells  her 
that  Menes  is  her  brother — Amasis  and  his  party 
enter — Seraphis  and  Menes  are  confined  in  separate 
cells — Myrtseus  and  his  friends  set  them  at  liberty — 
as  Amasis  is  going  to  kill  Sethona,  Menes  rushes  in 
— Amasis  and  Menes  fight — Amasis  is  killed — Se- 
thona tells  Menes  that  he  is  her  brother — Menes  is 
distracted  at  the  intelligence — Orus  sets  all  to  rights 
by  saying  that  Menes  is  not  the  son,  but  the  ne- 
phew of  Seraphis — Seraphis  resigns  the  throne  to 
Menes  and  Sethona — this  T.  was  written  by  Dow 
— the  events  which  occur  in  it  are  improbable — and 
so  remote  from  common  life,  that  they  excite  no  in* 
terest. 

March  12.  Barry's  bt.  King  Lear.  Lear —  Barry  : 
Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Barry: — with  Irish  Widow,  by  Mrs. 
Barry. 

14.  King's  bt.  Rehearsal.    Bayes  =  King,  2d  time- 

15.  Mrs.  Abington's  bt.     Way  of  the  World.     Sir 
Wilful  Witwou'd  =  Yates,  his  1st  appearance  at  D.  L. 
for  7  years  :  Mrs.  Marwood=  Miss  Younge,  1st  time : 
Mrs.  Fainall  —  Mrs.  Jefferson  :  Foible  =  Mrs.  Davies : 
(rest  as  March  18  1771)— with  Man  of  Quality.  Lord 
Foppington  =  Dodd  :  Young  Fashion  =  Palmer:  Lory 
^Weston:    Sir   Tunbelly   Clumsey^  Hurst :    Miss 
Hoyden  —  Mrs.    Abington  :    Nurse  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw : 


D.  L.  1773-1774.  405 

—(pit  and  boxes  laid  together) — this  C.  in  3  short 
acts  is  taken  from  the  Relapse  by  Lee  the  actor. 

19.  Reddish's  bt.  Never  acted,  Heroine  of  the 
Cave.  Count  Alberti  =  Reddish  :  Clermont  =  Cau- 
therley  :  Prince  Colredo  =  Palmer :  Emperor  of  Ger- 
many =  Jefferson  :  Lorenzo  (brother  to  Constantia) 
=  Dimond:  Rodolpho  (Alberti's  friend)  =  J.  Aikin  : 
Everard  (an  Englishman)  =  Packer  :  Seyfert  (prime 
minister)  =  Hurst :  Constantia  (wife  to  Alberti)  = 
Miss  Younge  : — Brereton  was  cast  for  Lorenzo,  but 
he  did  not  play  the  part — Dimond  was  obliged  to 
study  it  at  a  short  notice — his  name  was  in  the  bill, 
and  not  Brereton's — r.  b. — this  is  a  poor  T. — Jones, 
the  author  of  the  Earl  of  Essex,  left  in  Reddish's 
hands  a  piece  in  3  acts,  called  the  Cave  of  Idra — 
Dr.  Hiffernan,  at  Reddish's  desire  wrote  the  1st  and 
5th  acts,  and  made  some  other  additions — this  play 
and  the  Mine,  are  founded  on  facts — the  original 
story  is  much  more  affecting  than  either  of  the 
dramas — in  the  preface  to  the  Mine,  there  are  two 
interesting  letters  from  an  Italian  gentleman,  called 
Everard — he  says — "  After  having  visited  Germany, 
"  I  thought  I  could  not  well  return  home  without 
"  visiting  the  quicksilver  mines  at  Idria,  and  seeing 
"  those  dreadful  subterraneous  caverns,  where  thou- 
"  sands  are  condemned  to  reside,  shut  out  from  all 
"  hopes  of  ever  seeing  the  cheerful  light  of  the  sun, 
"  and  obliged  to  toil  out  a  miserable  life  under  the 
"  whips  of  imperious  taskmasters  *  *  *  such 
"  wretches  my  eyes  never  beheld — the  blackness  of 
"  their  visages  only  serves  to  cover  an  horrid  pale- 
"  ness,  caused  by  the  noxious  qualities  of  the  mineral 
"  they  are  employed  in  procuring — as  they  in  general 


406  D.L.  1773-1774. 

"  consist  of  malefactors  condemned  for  life  to  this 
"  task,  they  are  fed  at  the  public  expence  ;  bat  they 
"  seldom  consume  much  provision,  as  they  lose  their 
"  appetites  in  a  short  time,  and  commonly  in  about 
"  two  years  expire,  from  a  total  contraction  of  all 
"  the  joints  of  the  body. 

"  In  this  horrid  mansion  I  walked  for  some  time, 
"  when  I  was  accosted  by  a  voice  behind  me,  calling 
"  me  by  name,  and  enquiring  after  my  health  with 
"  the  most  cordial  affection — I  turned,   and  saw  a 
"  creature,   all  black  and  hideous,  who  approached 
"  me,  and  with  a  most  piteous  accent  demanding, 
"  '  Ah !  Mr.  Everard,  don't  you  know  me  ?'  Good 
"  Heaven  !  what  was  my  surprise,  when  through  the 
"  veil  of  his  wretchedness  I  discovered  the  features  of 
"  my  old  and  dear  friend  Count  Alberti !  I  flew  to 
"  him  with  affection,  and,  after  a  tear  of  condolence, 
"  asked  how  he  came  there  *  *  *  as  Alberti  was 
"  giving  me  this   account,  a  young  woman  came  up 
"  to  him,  whom  at  once  I  saw  to  be  born  for  better 
"  fortune  :  the  dreadful   situation  of  the  place  was 
"  not  able   to  destroy  her  beauty ;  and  even  in  this 
"  scene  of  wretchedness,  she  seemed  to  have  charms 
"  to  grace  the  most  brilliant  assembly — this  lady  was, 
"  in  fact,  daughter  to  one  of  the  first  families  of 
"  Germany  ;  and  having  tried  every  means  to  pro- 
"  cure   her  husband's  pardon  without  effect,  was  at 
"  last  resolved  to  share   his  miseries,  as  she  could 
"  not  relieve  them." 

Everard  in  his  2d  letter  says  that  the  Count  obtain- 
ed his  pardon  and  returned  to  Vienna,  where  his 
rank  and  fortune  was  restored  to  him,  and  he  was 
again  received  into  the  favour  of  the  Empress. 


D.  L.  1773-1774.  407 

The  Mine,  a  dramatic  poem  by  Sargent,  was  pub- 
lished in  1785 — Count  Maurice  and  Leopold,  two 
Hungarian  noblemen,  are  confined  in  the  Mine — at 
the  opening  of  the  piece  Leopold  is  set  at  liberty  - 
Juliana,  the  wife  of  Maurice  obtains  leave  to  live  in 
the  Mine — she  forms  a  friendship  with  her  husband, 
but  does  not  discover  herself,  as  he  had  positively 
refused  her  offer  of  accompanying  him  to  the  Mine 
— at  the  conclusion,  Leopold  returns  with  the  joyful 
news  of  the  Count's  freedom— Sargent  has  intro- 
duced Gnomes  and  subterraneous  Spirits  —they  form 
a  sort  of  Chorus. 

Heroine    of   the    Cave    was    revived    for    Miss 
Younge's  bt.  at  C.  G.  March  22  1784. 

21.  Miss  Pope's  bt.    Fair  Quaker,  with  Author. 
Cadwallader  =  King :  Vamp  =  Moody :  Mrs.  Cad- 
wallader  =  Miss  Pope,  1st  time. 

22.  Dodd's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  Brothers.  Capt. 
Ironsides  =  Moody :  Sir  Benjamin  Dove  =  Dodd : 
Belfield  Sen.  =  Packer  :  Belfield  Jun.  =  Brereton  : 
Skiffs  Baddeley  :  Paterson=J.  Aikin  :    Good  win  = 
Jefferson  :  Philip  =  Davies  :  Sophia  =  Miss  Younge  : 
Lady  Dove  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Violetta  =  Mrs.  Gre- 
ville :  Fanny  =  Mrs.  Davies  : — with  Bucks  have  at 
you  all  by  Dodd — and,  not  acted  9  years,  Schoolboy. 
Master  Johnny  =  Dodd  :  Major  Rakish  =  Baddeley  : 
Young  Rakish  =  Palmer  :  Lady  Manlove  =  Mrs. 
Bradshaw.     r.  b. 

24.  Mrs.  Barry's  bt.  Not  acted  16  years,  Phsedra 
and  Hippolitus.  Theseus  =  Barry :  Hippolitus  = 
Reddish :  Lycon  =  Palmer :  Phsedra  =^  Mrs.  Barry : 
Ismena  =  Young  Lady,  her  1st  appearance  on  any 


408  D.  L.  1773-1774. 

stage  : — this  play  seems  to  have  been  put  off  till 
April  27. 

26.  Miss  Younge's  bt.  Not  acted  5  years,  Earl 
of  Warwick.  Warwick  =  Reddish  :  King  Edward  = 
Clinch:  Pembroke  =  J.  Aildn :  Margaret  of  Anjou 
=  Miss  Younge  :  Lady  Elizabeth  Gray  =  Mrs.  Bad- 
deley,  her  1st  appearance  on  the  stage  for  3  years : 

— with  Pantheonites.      Weston — Dodd — Bannister 

— Parsons — Baddeley — Dimond— Mrs.  Greville  and 

Mrs.  Hopkins,     r.  b. 

April  4.  Aikin's  bt.     Tempest — All  for  Love  put 

off,  as  Mrs.  Barry  and  Miss  Younge  were  both  ill. 

5.  On  account  of  Miss  Younge,   Twelfth  Night 
was  changed  to  Cymbeline.     Imogen  =  Mrs.  Lessing- 
ham  from  C.  G. 

6.  Moody'sbt.     Fair  Quaker,  and  Register  Office. 
8.  Jefferson's  bt.     Rehearsal.     Bayes  =  King. 

12.  Palmer's  bt.  Othello  =  Barry  :  lago  =  Palmer  : 
Desdemona^Miss  Younge  : — with  Florizel  and  Per- 
dita.  Autolicus  =  King  :  Florizel  =  Cautherley  :  Po- 
lixenes  =  Hurst :  Antigorius  =  J.  Aikin  :  Clown  = 
Moody:  Perdita^Mrs.  Canning,  1st  time. 

15.  Mrs.   Wrighten's    bt.       Fashionable    Lover. 
Mortimer  =  King  : — with  Ladies'  Frolick.     Olivers 
Dodd:  Clack  =  Parsons:  Rachel  =  Mrs.  Wrighten, 
1st  time. 

16.  For  bt.  of  Parsons.     Fair  Quaker.     Binnacle 
=  Parsons  : — with  Irish  Widow. 

19.  Cautherley's  bt.  Committee.  Careless  = 
Cautherley,  1st  time  :  Ruth  =  Miss  Pope,  1st  time  : 
— with  Edgar  and  Emmeline.  Edgars  Cautherley: 
Florimond  =  King  :  Emmeline  =  Mrs.  Greville,  1st 
time. 


D.  L.  1773-1774.  409 

21.  Mrs.  Barry's  bt.     Not  acted  16  years,  Phaedra 
and  Hippolitus. 

23.  Clinch's  bt.     Earl  of  Warwick. 

25.  Baddele/s  bt.     King  Lear  =  Barry  :  Edgar  = 
Reddish  :  Bastard  — Palmer:  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Barry  : 
—with,  never  acted,  Swindlers— -  VVeston — Baddeley 

— Palmer — Jefferson — Dimond — Mrs.  Davies,  Sec. 
— not  printed,     r.  b. 

26.  Mrs.  Canning's  bt.     Gamester.     Mrs.  Bever- 
ley  =  Mrs.  Canning,  1st  time. 

27.  J.  Aikin's  bt.     Phaedra  and  Hippolitus — end 
of  act  2d  Hippisley's  Drunken  Man,  by  Weston  — 
end  of  the  play  Imitations  by  Bannister. 

28.  All  for  Love.     Antony  =  Reddish,  1st  time  : 
Ventidius  =  Hurst,    1st  time  :    Cleopatra  =  Miss 
Younge  :  Octavia  =  Mrs.  Canning,  1st  time. 

29.  Brereton's  bt.  Theodosius=Brereton  : — with, 
never  acted,  Conjuror.     King — Parsons — Brereton 
— Bannister — Miss  Hopkins — and  Miss  Sherry — not 
printed. 

May  4.  Mrs.  Greville's  bt.    Alexander  the  Great. 
Alexander  =  Reddish  :  Clytus  =  Aikin  :  Roxana  = 
Miss  Younge  :   Statira  =Mrs.  Greville,  1st  time  :— 
with  Irish  Widow  by  Mrs.  Greville  — this  was  her 
best  part. 

5.  Weston's  bt.  Grecian  Daughter.  Evander  = 
Aikin  :  Euphrasia  =  Miss  Younge,  1st  time  : — end  of 
act  2d  Imitations  vocal  and  rhetorical  by  Bannister 
— end  of  act  3d  Hippisley's  Drunken  Man  by  Wes- 
ton— end  of  act  5th  (for  that  night  only)  Judge  Ty- 
cho's  sentence  will  be  delivered  by  Weston  riding  on 
a  rhinoceros — with  Pantheonites. 


410  *>•  L'   1773-1774. 

7.  For  bt.  of  Waldron,  and  Dimond.  Maid  of 
Kent,  with  Florizel  and  Perdita.  Florizel  =  Dimond, 
1st  time:  Perdita  =  Mrs.  Smith,  r.  b. 

9.  West  Indian,  with  Gentle  Shepherd.     Patie  := 
Gentleman,   1st  appearance  on  any  stage  :  Roger  = 
J.  Aikin  :  Bauldy  =  Moody  :     Symon  =  Parsons  : 
Glaud  =  Johnson  :  Peggy  =  Mrs.  Wrighten  :  —  this 
piece  was  originally  in  5  acts — it  is  a  beautiful  Pas- 
toral by  Allan  Ramsey — but  so  completely  written  in 
the  Scotch  Dialect  as  to  require  a  Glossary  of  18 
pages  to  explain  it  to  the  English  Reader — Patie  is 
the  Gentle  (or  Gentleman)  Shepherd — see  Patie  and 
Peggy  D.  L.  May  31  1731 . 

10.  All  in  the  Wrong. 

13.  Charnpnes'  last  bt.  Zara.     Lusignari  =  Gar- 
rick  : — with  Note  of  Hand,  14th  time. 

14.  Merchant  of  Venice. 

17.  Theatrical   Fund.      King  Lear   =   Garrick : 
Cordelia  =  Miss   Younge  : — Pit  and  Boxes  laid  to- 
gether. 

18.  Jealous  Wife.     Oakly  =  Reddish  :  Mrs.  Oakly 
rnMiss  Barsanti,  from  C.  G. 

19.  For  bt.  of  J.  Bannister,  and  Griffiths.   Maid  of 
Kent,  3d  time.     George  =  Dimond  :  Lord  Sealand  = 
J.  Bannister  : — rest  as  May  17  1773. 

20.  Johnson's  bt.  Amphitryon.    Mercury  =  Brere- 
ton,  1st  time  : — no  bills  from  20  to  23. 

25.  School  for  Wives,  21st  time. 

31.  (Date  not  certain)  Bannister's  bt.  Love  in  a 
Village.  Justice  Woodcock  =  Weston  :  Hawthorn  = 
Bannister :  Young  Meadows  =  Du-Bellamy  :  Hodge 
=  King  :  Sir  William  Meadows  =  J.  Aikin,  1st  time: 


D.  L.    1773-1774.  411 

Rosetta  =  Mrs.  Smith,  1st  time:  Margery  =  Miss 
Pope  :  Luc'mda  =  Mrs.  Scott :  Deborah  Woodcock 
=  Mrs.  Love: — last  performance.  (Bills  from  B.M.) 

Garrick  acted  Kitely  2  times — Lusignan  2 — Ran- 
ger 2 — Leon  1 — Benedick  2 — Brute  3— Hastings  6 
— Don  John  4— Archer  4— Felix  3 — Hamlet  3 — 
Lear  1. 

James  Love  died  in  the  beginning  of  1774  (B.  D.) 
— his  real  name  of  Dance  appears  in  the  bills  at  the 
earlier  part  of  his  theatrical  life — he  was  son  to  the 
City  Architect  and  took  the  name  of  Love  that  he 
might  not  disgrace  his  family — shall  we  never  have 
done  with  this  miserable  Cant?  according  to  this 
mode  of  reasoning,  David  Garrick,  if  he  had  con- 
tinued in  the  wine  trade  with  his  brother,  would 
have  been  a  respectable  member  of  society  while 
living  and  forgotten  when  dead — but  now  he  is  con- 
signed to  everlasting  infamy,  as  the  first  actor  this 
country  ever  produced — Foote  used  to  say  he  remem- 
bered Garrick  living  in  Durham  Yard  with  3  quarts 
of  Vinegar  and  calling  himself  a  wine  merchant— 
(Murphy) — Foote  with  much  humour  makes  Pa- 
pillion  say  in  the  Lyar  —  "as  to  player whatever 

"  might  happen  to  me,  I  was  determined  not  to 
"  bring  a  disgrace  upon  my  family  ;  and  so  I  resolved 
"  to  turn  footman." 

Falstaff  was  by  far  Love's  best  part — Churchill 
speaks  handsomely  of  him  in  that  character — the 
Dramatic  Censor  says  he  was  a  good  Boniface  and 
Cacafogo — and  not  amiss  in  Sir  John  Brute— but  a 
sad  murderer  of  blank  verse. 


412  D.  L.   1773-1774. 

Love* s  characters — selection  only. 

Goodman's  Fields — Love,  as  Dance,  acted  Falstaff 
for  the  first  time  on  March  26  1745 — he  repeated 
the  part  at  D.  L.  May  9  1746  for  a  benefit — on  May 
2  1746  he  had  half  a  benefit  at  C.  G,— but  he  does 
not  seern  to  have  been  engaged — he  acted  Bayes. 

C.  G.  1748-1749.     Worcester  in  Henry  4th. 
Dublin  1754-1755.     Malvolio — as  Love. 
Edinburgh.      Love   seems  to  have   been    acting 

Manager  at  this  theatre  for  some  years  — he  was  the 
original  Glenalvon  in  Douglas,  when  that  play  came 
out  Dec.  14  1756. 

D.  L.  1762-1763.     Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st 
— Siffredi  in   Tancred  —  Gloster  in  Jane   Shore — 
Cymbeline — Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  2d — Spanish 
Fryar — Sir  Epicure  Mammon  in  Alchemist — Caca- 
fogo—  Cimberton  in  C.    L. —  Sir  Jealous  Traffick — 
Major  Rakish  in  Schoolboy — Boniface. 

1763-1764.  King  in  Hamlet— Sir  Toby  Belch- 
Gripe  in  Confederacy — Caliban — FalstafF  in  Merry 
Wives — Cly  t  us . 

1764-1765.     Bayes. 

1765-1766.  *Major  Oldfox  in  Plain  Dealer  altered 
— *FalstafF  in  Falstaff' s  Wedding — Scotchman  in  Re- 
gister Office. 

1767-1768.  Jaques  in  As  you  like  it — *Sir  Toby 
Fuz  in  Peep  behind  the  Curtain. 

1769-1770.  Sir  Francis  Wronghead — Sir  John 
Brute— Sterling  in  C.  M. — Polonius. 

1770-1771.  Sir  Wilful  Witwou'd— Major  Stur- 
geon— Stephano  in  Tempest. 

1771.1772.     Obediah  in  Committee. 

*  Originally. 


c.  <*.   1773-1774.  413 


C.  G.  1773-177*- 

Sep.  20.  A  new  Prologue  by  Woodward — after 
which,  Busy  Body.  Marplot  (with  the  address  to 
the  town)  by  Woodward. 

22.  Henry  8th  =  Moody,  from  D.  L. 

24.  Clandestine  Mam  age. 

29.  Love  in  a  Village,  and  Intriguing  Chamber- 
maid. Drunken  Colonel  =  Woodward  :  Lettice  = 
Mrs.  Green. 

Oct.  4.  Richard  3d  =  Smith. 

5.  Macklin  acted  Shylock  and  Sir  Archy. 

6.  Rule  a  Wife  and  have  a  Wife. 

9.  Never  acted  there,  Hypocrite.  Dr.  Cant  well 
=  Kniveton :  Darnley  =  Bensley  :  Col.  Lambert  = 
Lewes :  Seyward  =  Wroughton :  M aw- worm = Quick : 
Sir  John  Lambert  =  Hull :  Charlotte  =  Young  Lady, 
her  1st  appearance  on  any  stage  :  (perhaps  Miss 
Wilde)  Lady  Lambert  =  Miss  Sherman,  her  1st  ap- 
pearance: Old  Lady  Lambert  =  Mrs.  Green. 

11.  Jane  Shore. 

14.  Macklin  acted  Shylock  and  Sir  Archy. 

15.  Never  acted  there,   West  Indian.      Belcour= 
Lewis  from  Dublin,  his  1st  appearance  in  this  king- 
dom :    Major  O'Flaherty  =  Shuter :     Stockwell  = 
Clarke  :  Capt.  Dudley  =  Hull :    Charles  Dudley  = 
Wroughton  :  Fulmer  =  Dunstall :  Varland  =  Quick  : 
Charlotte  Rusport  =  Miss  Barsanti:  Lady  Rusport  = 
Mrs.  Green  :  Louisa  Dudley  =  Mrs.  Baker  :    Mrs. 
Fulmer  =  Mrs.  Gardner  :  —  acted  several   times — 
Lewis  was  well  received  and  considered  as  an  able 


414  c.  G.  1773-1774. 

successor  to  Obrien  —he  had  played  Belcour  with 
great  success  in  Ireland. 

16.  West  Indian,  with  Comus.  Comus  =  Mat- 
tocks :  Spirit^ Hull:  Lady  =  Miss  Miller  :  Sabrina 
and  Pastoral  Nymph  —  Miss  Twist :  Euphrosyne 
(with  Sweet  Echo)  =  Miss  Catley. 

18.  Hamlet.     Ophelia  =  Miss  Macklin. 

21.  Elfrida.     Albina^Miss  Miller,  1st  time. 

22.  She  Stoops  to  Conquer.     Miss  Hardcastle  — 
Miss  Wilde,  1st  time. 

23.  Macbeth.  Macbeth  =  Macklin,  1  st  time  :  Mal- 
colm—W  rough  ton  : — with  new  dresses  and  decorations 
— previously  to  this  time,  Macbeth  used  to  be  dressed 
in  every  respect  like  a  modern  military  officer — Mack- 
lin saw  the  absurdity ;  and  at  his  suggestion  the  charac- 
ters were  now  dressed  in  Scotch  habits — Macklin's 
attempt  to  play  Macbeth  caused  much  theatrical  whis- 
per and  green-room  report — it  was  even  said  that 
Garrick  was  jealous  of  his  performance  of  the  cha- 
racter, which  is  quite  incredible — (Cooke) — but  it  is 
by  no  means  improbable  that  Garrick  might  feel  mor- 
tified that  the  obvious  reformation,  in  the  dressing  of 
the  characters,  had  proceeded  from  Macklin  and  not 
from  himself,  on  whom  (as  Whitehead  is  pleased  to 
say)  the  taste  of  the  nation  depended. 

When  Macbeth  was  brought  out  originally,  some 
attempt  seems  to  have  been  made  to  dress  the  cha- 
racters in  Scotch  dresses — in  the  last  scene  of  the 
4th  act,  Malcolm,  on  seeing  Rosse  about  to  enter, 
says  to  Macduff — "  My  Countryman  ;  but  yet  I  know 
"  him  not"— Steevens,  in  1778,  observes—"  Mal- 
"  colm  discovers  Rosse  to  be  his  countryman,  while 


c.  G.  1773-1774.  4-15 

"  he  is  yet  at  some  distance  from  him,  by  his  dress — 
u  this  circumstance  loses  its  propriety  on  our  stage, 
"  as  all  the  characters  are  uniformly  represented  in 
"  English  habits." 

25.  Mrs.  Hartley  acted  Juliet. 

30.  Macbeth  =  Macklin,  2d  time. 

Nov.  4.    Tamerlane,  as  before. 

6.  Macbeth  :=  Macklin,  3d  time. 

7.  Earl  of  Essex  =  Smith :  Queen  =  Lady,  1st  time : 
— rest  as  before. 

12.  Cymbeline.     Posthumus  =  Lewis,  his  1st  ap- 
pearance in  Tragedy  :  Imogens  Mrs.  Lessingham. 

13.  Macbeth  :=  Macklin,  4th  time. 

18.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Shylock  •=.  Macklin  : — 
with  Love  a-la-Mode.  Sir  Archy  =  Macklin: — a 
riot  took  place  and  Macklin  was  discharged. 

20.  Never  acted,  Duellist.  General  Gantlet  = 
Woodward:  Capt.  Boothby^:  Smith  :  Sir  Solomon 
Bauble  —  Shuter  :  Counsellor  Witmore  =•  Lewis  : 
Lord  Lovemore  =  Wroughton  :  Governor  Mammon 
=  Kniveton  :  Serjeant  Nonplus  =  Quick  :  Lady  Love- 
more  =  Miss  Barsanti :  Mrs.  Boothby  =  Miss  Miller  : 
Lady  Bauble  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Emilia  =  Miss  Wilde  : 

Mrs.  Goodwill  ==  M  iss   Pearce  : Capt.   Boothby 

had  been  married  to  Sir  Solomon's  daughter  for  2 
years — Sir  Solomon  still  refuses  to  be  reconciled  to 
them — Lord  Lovemore  promises  to  get  Boothby  a 
regiment — his  real  object  is  to  seduce  Mrs.  Boothby 
— he  insists  that  Lady  Lovemore  should  connive  at 
his  design — in  the  5th  act,  Lord  Lovemore  returns 
from  the  masquerade  with  a  lady  in  a  mask — Lord 
Lovemore  and  Boothby  fancy  her  to  be  Mrs.  Boothby 
—Mrs.  Boothby  enters  from  the  opposite  side  of  the 


416  c,  o.  1773-1774. 

stage — when  the  lady  unmasks  she  proves  to  be 
Lady  Lovemore — General  Gantlet  is  very  fond  of 
duelling  —  Boothby  tells  him  that  the  last  person 
whom  he  fought  with,  is  at  the  point  of  death — the 
General  disclaims  all  fear  of  danger,  but  does  not 
like  the  indignity  of  being  hanged — Boothby  and 
Mrs.  Goodwill  persuade  him  to  make  his  escape  in  a 
female  dress — Emilia,  when  in  India,  had  been  con- 
tracted to  Governor  Mammon — she  runs  off  with 
Witmore — the  Governor  finds  out  that  Witmore 
is  his  nephew,  and  resigns  Emilia  to  him — Sir  Solo- 
mon and  Lady  Bauble  are  reconciled  to  their  daugh- 
ter— this  is  a  moderate  C.  by  Dr.  Kenrick — it  was 
acted  but  once — the  character  of  the  Duellist  is 
taken  from  Col.  Bath  in  Fielding's  Amelia — Miss 
Barsanti  says  in  the  Epilogue— 

"  In  the  old  plays,  gallants  take  no  denial, 

"  But  put  the  struggling  actress  to  the  trial. 

"  In  modern  plays,  more  safe  the  female  station ; 

"  Secure  as  sad  our  solemn  situation  ! 

"  No  rakish,  forward  spark  dares  now  be  rude  : 

"  The  comic  muse  herself  grown  quite  a  prude  ! 

"  No  wonder  then,  if,  in  so  pure  an  age, 

"  No  Congreves  write  for  a  demurer  stage." 

The  ill  success  this  play  met  with,  seems  to  have 
been  occasioned  in  some  measure  by  a  handbill  dis- 
tributed at  the  door  of  the  theatre  relative  to  Mack- 
lin,  and  calling  on  the  public  not  to  suffer  the  new 
play  to  proceed,  till  Colman  had  promised  to 
engage  that  performer  again — of  this,  a  circum- 
stantial account  is  given  by  Dr.  Kenrick  in  his 
preface. 


c.  o.   1773-1774.  417 

23.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour. 

27.  (and  29)  Othello.  Othello  =  Gentleman,  his 
first  appearance  on  any  stage  :  lago  =  Bensley : 
Cassio  =  Clarke  :  Roderigo  =  Lewes,  1st  time  :  Des- 
demona  =  Miss  Miller  :  ^Emilia  =  Mrs.  Green  : — with 
Catharine  and  Petruehio.  Petruchiorz  Woodward  : 
Grumio  =  Quick  :  Catharine  =  Mrs.  Green  : — r.  b. — 
Lewes,  who  acted  Roderigo,  was  afterwards  called 
in  the  bills  Lee  Lewes,  by  way  of  distinguishing  him 
from  Lewes — this  change  took  place  about  Oct. 
1774  —  the  distinction  is  anticipated  to  prevent 
confusion. 

Dec.  1.  Smith  and  Mrs.  Bulkley  acted  Lord  and 
Lady  Townly. 

3.  Miser 4.  All  for  Love. 

7.  Recruiting  Officer.  Recruits  =  Quick,  and 
Lee  Lewes. 

9.  Richard  3d.     Henry  6th  =  Clarke,  1st  time. 

11.  Acted  but  once,  Henry  2d.  Queen  —  Mrs. 
Hull : — probably  deferred  on  account  of  Mrs.  Hart- 
ley's illness. 

13.  Miss  Miller  acted  Juliet. 

16.  Earl   of  Essex.     Queen  :=  Mrs.  P.  Green  : — 
with,  1st  time,  Achilles  in  Petticoats — altered  from 
Gay  by  Colman,  and  reduced  to  2  acts.     Achilles  = 
Mattocks  :  Lycomedes  =  Du-Bellamy  :    Diphilus  = 
Dyer:  Ajax  =  Dunstall :    Theaspe  =  Miss   Catley: 
Deidamia=Mrs.  Mattocks :  Artemona=:Miss  Brown  : 
-see  C.  G.  Feb.  10  1733. 

17.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife. 

18.  Inconstant,  and  Commissary. 
21.  Theatrical  Fund.  Rival  Queens. 

27.  George  Barn  well  =    W  rough  ton  :    Thorow- 

VOL.    V.  E  E 


418  c.  G.  1773-1774, 

good -Clarke,  1st  time  :  Trueman  =  Lee  Lewes: 
Uncles  Hull  :  Mil\vood=  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Lucy  = 
Mrs.  Green  :  Marian  Mrs.  Kniveton. 

Jan.  5.  Stratagem.  Archer  =  Smith  :  Aimwell  = 
Lewis:  Scrub^Sh  liter  :  Gibbet  =  Woodward  :  Bo- 
niface =  Dunstall :  Sullen  =  Kniveton  :  Sir  Charles 
Freeman  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Bulkley : 
Cherry  =  Miss  Brown  :  Doriuda=  Miss  Barsanti. 

12.  Acted  but  once,  Henry  2d.  Queen  =  Miss 
Miller. 

1,5.  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not.  Octavio  = 
Wroughton  :— rest  as  Oct.  3  1769. 

31.  Never  acted,  Man  of  Business.  Fable  = 
Bensley :  Beverley  (in  love  with  Lydia)  —  Lewis  : 
Tropick  (friend  to  Fable)  =  Woodward  :  Golding  = 
Shuter  :  Denier  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Check  =  Quick : 
Handy  (valet  to  Beverley)  m  Dyer  :  Lydia  (in  love 
with  Beverley) —  Mrs.  Bulkley:  Mrs.  Golding  =  Mrs. 
Green:  Mrs.  Carlton  =  Mrs.  Pitt :— acted  13  times 

Golding  is  a  rich  banker — on  going  to  India,  he 

had  committed  the  superintendence  of  his  affairs, 
and,  in  some  sort,  the  guardianship  of  Beverley,  to 
the  care  of  Fable —Beverley  is  a  partner  in  the 
house  with  Golding — he  is  just  the  reverse  of  what 
a  Man  of  Business  ought  to  be— he  keeps  fashion- 
able company,  and  spends  a  great  deal  of  money — 
Fable,  in  order  to  make  Beverley  serious,  pretends 
that  the  credit  of  the  house  is  in  danger — Beverley 
behaves  very  properly  on  the  occasion — all  is  going 
on  well,  when  Fable  is  informed  by  Check,  that 
Beverley  had  speculated  in  India  stock  to  a  large 
amount—Fable  is  much  puzzled  how  to  act — he 
contrives  however  to  prevent  Beverley  from  being  ex- 


c.  G.  1773-1774.  419 

posed — Denier  professes  a  friendship  for  Beverley, 
but  in  reality  he  has  no  regard  for  any  thing  except 
his  own  interest— he  directs  a  bailiff  to  arrest  Gold- 
ing,  who  had  just  returned  from  India— the  bailiff, 
by  mistake,  arrests  Fable  instead  of  Golding—  Fable 
does  not  undeceive  him — at  the  conclusion,  it  ap- 
pears that  Fable  had  acted  with  the  best  intentions, 
but  that  he  had  not  been  quite  correct  in  the  means 
which  he  had  made  use  of— Lydia  proves  to  be 

Golding's  daughter — she  is  united  to  Beverley 

this  is  a  tolerable  C.  by  Colman— he  acknowledges 
his  obligations  to  Plautus  and  Terence — in  the  4th 
act  Tropick  meets  Golding— he  does  not  know  Gold- 
ing,  and  a  good  scene  ensues — this  is  taken  from 
the  2d  scene  of  the  4th  act  in  the  Trinummus  of 
Plautus — at  the  conclusion,  Denier  is  exposed— in 
revenge  he  tells  Mrs.  Golding  that  Lydia  is  Gold- 
ing's  daughter — this  (with  all  that  relates  to  Mrs. 
Carlton)  is  from  Terence — but  the  effect  of  the 
scene  is,  in  a  great  degree,  lost,  as  Lydia  is  only 
Golding's  daughter  by  a  former  wife,  whereas  Chre- 
mes  in  the  Phormio  had  at  one  time  two  wives. 

Feb.  5.  Cymbeline,  ?th  time-  —11.  Timanthes. 

26.  Fair  Penitent.  Lothario  =  Lewis,  1st  time: 
Horatio  =  Bensley  :  Sciolto  =  Clarke,  1st  time: 
Altamont  =  Wroughton  :  Calista  =  Lady,  her  1st 
appearance  :  Lav'mia  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  —  acted  4 
times. 

March  12.  Woodward's  bt.  Never  acted  there, 
Winter's  Tale  (as  altered  by  Garrick).  Leontes  = 
Smith  :  Florizel  =  Lewis  :  Polixenes  =  Bensley  : 
Camillo  =  Hull :  Autolicus  =  Quick  :  Clown  =  Wood- 
ward :  Hermione=  Mrs.  Hartley:  Perdita  =  Miss 

E  E    2 


420  c,  G.  1773-1774. 

Dayes  :  Paulina  =  Mrs.  P.  Green: — with  Citizen. 
Old  Philpot=  Shuter  :  Young  Philpot^  Woodward  : 
Maria  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — and  Sylphs,  34th  time. 
Harlequin  =  Lee  Lewes  : — this  bill  was  rather  con- 
sidered as  a  novelty,  it  not  being  at  this  time  cus- 
tomary to  act  3  pieces. 

14.  Smith's  bt.  Not  acted  16  years,   Herod  and 
Mariamne.     Herod  =  Smith:  Flaminius  =Wrough- 
ton  :  Sohemus  =  Bensley  :  Narbal  =  Clarke  :    High 
Priest  =  Hul  1 :  Mariamne=Mrs.  Hartley:    Arsinoe 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

15.  Shuter's  bt.  Not  acted  6  years,  Henry  4th  pt. 
1st — with  the  restoration  of  a  capital  scene  from  the 
original.      Falstaff  =  Shuter  :    Hotspur  =:  Smith  : 
King  —  Younger  :  Prince  of  Wales  =  Lewis,  1st  time  : 
Verrion  =  Hull :  Poins  =  Lee    Lewes  :    Carriers  = 
Dunstall  and  Quick :  Lady  Percy  =  Mrs.   Hartley  : 
Hostess  =  Mrs.    Pitt: — with   the  Cries   of  London, 
and  Midas. 

21.  Clarke's  bt.  Henry  8th  =  Clarke  :—  with  Ap- 
prentice by  Woodward. 

22.  Bensley's  bt.  Not  acted  15  years,  Don  Sebas- 
tian.    Don  Sebastian  =  Smith  :  Dorax  =  Bensley : 
Muley  Moluch  =  Gardner  :  Alvarez  =  Hull :  Antonio 
=  Lewis  :  Mufti  =  Quick  :    Mustapha  =  Dunstall  : 
Almeyda  =  Mrs.    Hartley:    Morayma=:  Mrs.    Mat- 
tocks :  Johayma  =  Mrs.  Green. 

26.  Mattocks'  bt.  Rival  Queens.  Roxana  = 
Mrs.  Mattocks  :— -  with  Country  Madcap  by  Mrs. 
Mattocks. 

April  4.  Dr.  Goldsmith  died. 

5.  Dyer's  bt.  Love  for  Love.  Valentine  =  Lewis, 
1st  time  :  Mrs.  Frail  =  Miss  Barsanti,  1st  time  : 


C.G.  1773-1774. 

Miss  Prue  =  Mrs.  Mattocks,  1st  time  : — rest  as  May 
6  1773. 

6.  Wroughton  acted  Shore  for  his  bt. 

7-  Mrs.  Lessingham's  bt.  Never  acted,  Prince  of 
Agra,  altered  from  Dryden  by  Mr.  Addinglon. 
Bensley — Lewis — Wroughton — Mrs.  Mattocks,  and 
Mrs.  Lessingham  :  —  with  Dragon  of  Wantley. 
Moore  =  Du- Bellamy :  Gaffer  Gubbins  =  Shuter : 
Mauxalinda  =  Mrs.  Thompson  :  Margery  —  Miss 
Jameson,  1st  time: — r.  b. — the  Prince  of  Agra  was 
not  acted  a  2d  time  ;  it  was  altered  from  Aurenge- 
Zebe— see  B.  D. 

9.  Miss  Jameson's  bt.  Artaxerxes,  with  Author. 
Cadwallader  and  Vamp  =  Quick. 

11.  Younger's  bt.  Cyrus.      Cyrus  =  Gentleman, 
1st  appearance  on  any  stage  :  Mandane  =  Mrs.  Mel- 
moth  :— see  Irish  Stage  S.  A.  1772-1773. 

12.  Mrs.  Bulkley's  bt.  Never  acted  in  this  king- 
dom, the  South  Briton — the  names  of  the  performers 
were  in  the  bill,  but  not  the  characters — the  cast  was 
perhaps — Mowbray  (the  South  Briton)  =  Lewis  :  Sir 
Terence  O'Shaughnesy  =  Shuter  :  Capt.  Egerton  (in 
love  with  Miss  Audley)  =  Wroughton  :  Egerton  (his 
paternal  uncle)  =   *  *  *  :  Admiral  Swivel  (his  ma- 
ternal uncle)  =  Kniveton  :  Leslie  —  Hull :  Strap  (ser- 
vant to  Mowbray)  —  Lee  Lewes  :  Issacher=  Quick  : 
Henrietta  Egerton  (sister  to  Capt.  Egerton)  —  Miss 
Barsanti :  Elfriday  Audley  =  Mrs.    Bulkley  : — acted 
but  once — Mowbray  falls  in  love  with  Miss  Egerton, 
and  attempts  to  seduce  her — Egerton  possesses   an 
estate  which  ought  to  have  been  his  nephew's — Capt. 
Egerton  and  his  sister  are  consequently  in  pecuniary 
difficulties— Miss  Audley  sends  Miss  Egerton   £200 


422  c.  G.  1773-1774. 

under  a  blank  cover — Capt.  Egerton  supposes  the 
notes  to  have  come  from  Mowbray — he  challenges 
Mowbray,  but  Leslie  brings  about  a  reconciliation 
between  them — at  the  conclusion  Mowbray  marries 
Miss  Egerton—  Capt.  Egerton  marries  Miss  Audley 
— she  is  niece  to  Sir  Terence — this  C.  has  but  little 
to  recommend  it — it  was  written  by  a  lady,  and 
brought  out  at  Dublin— see  S.  A.  1772-1773. 

13.  Mrs.  Hartley's  bt.  M acbeth=:  Smith  :  Lady 
Macbeth—  Mrs.  Hartley: — with  a  new  Interlude 
(taken  from  Prior's  Nut-brown  Maid)  called  Henry 
and  Emma — Smith — Hull — Miss  Brown  and  Mrs. 
Hartley  : — and  Cross  Purposes. 

18.  Lewis'    bt.  Rival  Queens.      Lysimachus  by 
the  Gentleman  who  acted  Othello — rest  as  before — 
with  Catharine  and  Petruchio.     Petruchio  =  Lewis, 
1st  time  :  Grumio  (for  that  night  only)  =  Shuter  : 
Catharine  =  Mrs.  Green. 

19.  DunstalPs  bt.  Spanish  Fryar,  revived.     Domi- 
nic =  Dunstall :    Gomez  =  Shuter:    Torrismond  — 
Smith  :  the  Colonel  (Lorenzo)  —  Lewis  :    Raymond 
=  Hull :  Bertran  =  Clarke  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Hartley  : 
Elvira  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

20.  For  the  bt.   of  the  author,    Henry   2d,    15th 
time  : — acted  May  5  and  23. 

21.  Miss  Miller's  bt.  Not  acted  20  years,  Revenge. 
Zanga  =  Savigny,  (his  1st  appearance  in  thet  charac- 
ter, and  on  the  stage  for  these  two  years)  :  Alonzo  = 
Wroughton  :  Carlos  =  Le wis  :  Leonora  =  Miss  Mil- 
ler, 1st  time. 

23.  Miss  Barsanti's  bt.  Funeral.  Campley  = 
Lewis,  1st  time:  Lady  Brumpton  =  Miss  Barsanti, 
1st  time  :  Lady  Chariot  =  Miss  Sherman  : — rest  as 


c.  G.   1773-1774. 

April  23  1773— before  the  play  (by  particular  <!<•- 
sire)  the  occasional  Prelude  in  which  Miss  Barsanti 
first  appeared — and  Citizen.  Maria  =  Miss  Bar- 
santi,  1st  time. 

25.  Mrs.  Green's  bt.  Henry  8th,  and  Upholsterer. 

May  2.  Quick's  bt.  Rival  Queens,  and  Commis- 
sary. 

3.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Kniveton.  Hamlet, 
by  the  Gentleman  who  acted  Cyrus. 

6.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Pitt,  and  Stoppelear.  Love  for 
Love.  Jeremy  =  Lee  Lewes,  1st  time:  Angelica  = 
Miss  Sherman. 

9.  Serjeant's  bt.  Jane  Shore.  Alicia  =  Mrs.  Mat- 
tocks, 1st  time. 

11.  Lady  Jane  Gray. 

19.  Wroughton  acted  Young  \larlow  1st  time. 

20.  Mrs.  P.  Green  acted  Mrs.  Sullen  for  her  bt. 

25.  For  bt.  of  Brown.  Revenge.    Zanga  =  Brown, 
his  first  appearance  in  that  character,  and  4th  on  any 
stage  :  Leonora  =  Mrs.  M  attocks. 

26.  Beggar's  Opera.     Polly  =  Miss  Brown,   4th 
time,  with  Midas,  and  a  new  occasional  Epilogue  on 
the  departure  of  the  Manager — last  performance. 

Colman  took  leave  of  the  Performers  having  sold 
his  share  of  the  Patent.  (Bitts  from  B.M.) 

Smith  and  Mrs.  Hartley,  having  frequently  made 
love  to  one  another  on  the  stage  and  particularly  in 
Henry  the  2d,  went  off  together  this  Summer. 

Several  years  after  Smith  had  left  the  stage  and 
was  living  at  Bury,  he  one  evening  observed  in  con- 
versation that  he  was  remarkable  for  the  constancy 
of  his  attachments,  and  said  —  "  you  may  ask  my 
"  old  woman  (pointing  to  his  wife)  if  this  is  not  the 


424  c.<*.  1773-1774. 

"  case"—  when  he  had  said  this,  he  recollected  him- 
self, and  colouring  exceedingly  he  added,  "  once  in- 
"  deed  I  did  make  a  trip,  but  it  was  never  but  once." 
(From  a  Lady  who  was  present.) 

Michael  Dyer  died  April  9th — he  was  deservedly 
esteemed  in  his  public  and  private  character — as  a 
comedian  he  was  rather  agreeable  than  capital— he 
supported  with  spirit  such  parts  as  Modely,  Count 
Basset,  Clodio  and  Tom,  in  the  Conscious  Lovers — 
he  continued  to  the  last  but  little  impaired  in  his 
person  and  vivacity — his  forte  lay  in  footmen,  there 
was  a  pertness  in  his  face  and  manner  that  answered 
to  that  cast  of  parts,  but  did  not  suit  so  well  with 
those  of  gentlemen — his  great  fault  was  want  of 
variety  — (Theatrical  Biography  177%)  —  he  seems 
to  have  failed  in  Tragedy. 

Mrs.  Dyer's  person  was  neat  and  genteel — she 
was  a  good  Columbine — she  made  a  false  step,  which 
her  husband  never  forgave  her,  and  she  fell  from  the 
comforts  of  C.  G.  to  the  miseries  of  a  little  country 
company,  where  she  ended  her  days  in  remorse  and 
calamity. 

Mrs.  Taplin  their  daughter  came  to  Wilkinson  in 
1777 — she  had  a  good  figure  and  played  Mrs.  Can- 
dour very  well — her  father  had  been  very  attentive 
to  her  education,  and  by  unremitting  assiduity  he 
had  provided  so  well  for  her  in  point  of  fortune,  that 
with  a  little  industry  she  might  have  ensured  herself 
years  of  credit ;  but  indolence  and  dissipation  got 
possession  of  her  mind,  and  after  one  year  Wilkinson 
discharged  her.  (Wilkinson.) 

In  the  Spring  of  1773  Smith,  having  had  some 
difference  with  Colman,  signified  in  form  his  inten- 


C.G.   1773-1774. 

tion  to  quit  C.  G. — previously  however  to  the  open- 
ing of  the  theatre  for  this  season,  he  renewed  his 
engagement — in  the  mean  time  Macklin  made  an  en- 
gagement with  Colman  expressly  stipulating  that  he 
should  act  Richard  the  3d  and  M  acbeth — these  were 
Smith's  parts— it  was  however  agreed  that  they  should 
act  them  alternately — Macklin  acted  Macbeth  Oct. 
23d,   some  persons  applauded,  others  hissed — Oct. 
30th  he  acted  Macbeth  again,  some  disapprobation 
being  expressed  he  addressed  himself  to  the  audi- 
ence,   and  was   encouraged  to   proceed — previously 
to  his  3d  performance  of  Macbeth  Nov.  6th,  he  seems 
to  have  rashly  accused  Reddish  of  D.  L.  and  Sparks 
son  to  the  actor  of  that  name,  of  having  hissed— this 
charge  he  was  not  able  to  substantiate;  and  Reddish 
denied  it  on  his  affidavit— Macklin's  enemies  made 
this  the  cause  or  pretence  for  mortifying  him,  and  he 
was  told  if  he  could  not  produce  proofs  of  his  accusa- 
tion, he  should  not  be  allowed  to  act — on  this  even- 
ing a  considerable  disturbance  arose — Macklin,  with 
his  characteristic  obstinacy,  announced  himself  for 
Macbeth  again  on  Nov.  13th,  but  he  no  sooner  ap- 
peared than  he  was  driven  from  the  stage  with  out- 
rage— from  that  time  he  abandoned  Macbeth,  and  on 
the  18th  was  advertised  for  his  favourite  characters 
of  Shylock   and    Sir   Archy,    when   a    serious   riot 
ensued — Macklin  in  vain  endeavoured  to  obtain  a 
hearing — Bensley  was  desired  to  go  on  the  stage — 
he  returned  and  told  Colman  that  the  requisition  of 
the  Pit  was  that  Macklin  should  be  discharged — 
Woodward  came  on   also — a  paper  was  thrown  on 
the  stage,  which  he  took  up  and  carried  away — after 
that  another  actor  brought  on  a  black  board  with  this 


426  c.  G.  1773-  1TT4. 

inscription  in  large  white  characters  "  at  the  cora- 
"  mand  of  the  public  Mr.  Macklin  is  discharged" — 
this  board  so  exhibited  was  turned  to  every  part  of 
the  house — not  satisfied  with  this,  which  would  have 
satisfied  any  reasonable  person  however  inveterate 
against  Macklin,  the  rioters  pursued  their  triumph 
and  insisted  that  Colman  should  make  his  appear- 
ance, which  he  did  with  reluctance  to  prevent  the 
damage  that  might  have  been  done  to  the  theatre — 
he  asked  the  audience,  if  it  was  their  pleasure  that 
Mr.  Macklin  should  be  discharged  ?  and  on  finding 
it  was  the  wish  of  the  majority  he  then  said  "  Mr. 
"  Macklin  is  discharged" — he  told  the  audience  he 
had  no  play  to  substitute  but  She  Stoops  to  Conquer, 
which  they  would  not  accept,  and  so  the  business 
ended — (Kirkman) — in  the  riot  at  D.  L.  Nov.  17 
1744«  when  Fleetwood  was  called  for,  he  pleaded  his 
privilege  of  being  exempted  from  making  his  ap- 
pearance on  the  stage  as  not  being  an  actor,  and 
this  exemption  was  allowed  him — Colman  was  clearly 
entitled  to  the  same  favour,  but  was  obliged  by  the 
clamour  that  was  raised  to  make  his  appearance. 

When  Macklin  first  announced  his  intention  of 
acting  Macbeth,  Richard,  &c.  he  was  much  ridiculed 
in  the  newspapers — various  causes  were  assigned  for 
it — the  real  fact  was,  he  had  an  early  and  settled 
opinion  of  his  own,  that  he  was  competent  to  those 
parts — and  as  a  proof  of  this,  he  broke  off  as  being 
one  of  the  joint  managers  of  Crow  Street  theatre,  so 
far  back  as  the  year  17^7)  because  he  was  not  per- 
mitted to  play  those  characters  in  turn  with  Barry* 


See  Irish  Stage  1756-1757, 


c.  o.   1773-1774. 

— he  likewise  actually  performed  them  in  all  the 
companies  in  which  he  could  command  a  cast  of 
parts  ;  near  40  years  before  this  period  he  had  re- 
peatedly acted  Hamlet  at  Bristol,  so  that  this  was  no 
new  idea,  but  a  revival  of  past  performances—  he  was 
ever,  more  or  less,  the  dupe  of  his  own  vanity,  and 
having  long  convinced  the  town  of  his  abilities  in  a 
certain  line  of  performance,  he  was  determined  to 
come  forward  in  some  principal  parts  in  Tragedy. 

The  manner  in  which  he  played  Macbeth  deserves 
to  be  noticed — before  this  time  Macbeth  used  to  be 
dressed  in  a  suit  of  scarlet  and  gold,  a  tail  wig,  &c. 
— Garrick  always  played  the  part  in  this  manner — 
Barry  and  Smith  did  the  same — Macklin  saw  the 
absurdity,  and  dressed  the  subordinate  characters  as 
well  as  himself  in  the  Caledonian  habit — this  refor- 
mation, which  is  now  become  general,  does  him  more 
credit  than  his  performance  of  the  character — his 
figure  (even  from  his  boyish  days)  was  never  calcu- 
lated to  impress  the  idea  of  a  dignified  warrior,  and 
when  the  audience  saw  a  clumsey  old  man,  who 
looked  more  like  a  Scotch  piper,  than  a  general  and 
prince  of  the  blood,  stumping  down  the  stage  at 
the  head  of  an  army,  they  were  naturally  inclined  to 
laugh — his  address  to  the  Witches  and  his  reflections 
on  their  prophecies  were  however  given  with  such  a 
knowledge  of  the  character  as  to  redeem  the  first 
impression — and  his  subsequent  interview  with  Lady 
Macbeth  was  very  much  in  the  spirit  of  the  author 
— but  when  he  came  to  the  dagger  scene  he  failed — 
in  his  clamour  against  the  King's  death  and  his  hypo- 
crisy in  concealing  it,  he  very  much  arrested  the 
attention  of  the  audience,  as  he  likewise  did  in  his 


428  c.  a.    1773-1774. 

interview  with  the  murderers — but  in  the  Banquet 
scene  he  failed  again — in  the  4th  and  5th  acts  he  had 
alternately  merits  and  defects — in  his  reply  to  the 
messenger  about  Birnam  Wood — "  if  thou  speak'st 
"false,"  &c. — he  delivered  the  first  part  of  the 
speech  in  a  tone  and  look  of  such  terrible  menace  as 
almost  petrified  the  audience — while  in  the  last  line 
he  fell  into  such  an  air  of  despondency,  as  showed 
the  effect  of  contrast  in  a  most  masterly  manner— 
in  short  this  little  speech  might  be  reckoned  among 
the  finest  pieces  of  acting,  and  as  such  was  applauded 
by  the  whole  audience. 

It  was  lucky  for  the  fame  of  Macklin  that  his  per- 
formance of  the  intended  characters  was  frustrated 
in  his  first  attempt — had  he  been  permitted  to  go 
quietly  on,  his  vanity  would  have  imputed  the  indul- 
gence of  the  audience  to  superiour  abilities,  and  he 
would  have  gone  through  the  whole  of  his  design — by 
which  means  he  would  have  lost  in  a  great  degree  (at 
least  with  the  rising  generation)  that  reputation  which, 
in  other  walks  of  his  profession,  he  had  during  a  long 
course  of  years  deservedly  gained.  (Cooke.) 

Macklin  brought  an  action  against  5  of  the  rioters 
in  the  Court  of  King's  Bench — they  were  found  guilty 
— Lord  Mansfield  allowed  that  every  person  in  a 
play-house  had  a  right  to  express  his  approbation  or 
disapprobation  instantaneously,  but  said  the  crime  of 
the  5  rioters  consisted  in  their  coming  to  the  theatre 
not  to  approve  or  disapprove,  as  the  sentiments  of 
their  mind  might  be,  but  with  a  black  design  to  ruin 
Macklin,  which  was  the  most  ungenerous  thing  that 
could  be — for  what  a  terrible  condition  is  an  actor 
upon  the  stage  in  with  an  enemy  who  makes  part  of 


c.  o.    1773-1774.  129 

the  audience  ! — he  added  that  a  jury  would  give  con- 
siderable damages,  but  that  it  would  be  better  for 
both  sides  to  refer  them  to  the  Master,  and  he  should 
direct  him  to  make  a  liberal  satisfaction — Macklin 
offered  to  drop  all  farther  proceedings,  if  the  rioters 
would  pay  his  costs  and  take  £100  worth  of  tickets 
for  his  daughter's  benefit,  the  same  number  for  him- 
self, and  a  3d  hundred  pounds'  worth  as  a  sort  of 
compensation  to  the  managers — this  was  agreed  to— 
and  Lord  Mansfield  concluded  the  whole  with  saying 
to  Macklin — "  You  have  met  with  great  applause  to 
"  day— you  never  acted  better." 

The  rioters  ought  to  have  contented  themselves 
with  exacting  a  promise  from  the  managers  that 
Macklin  should  not  act  Macbeth  again — some  slight 
apology  might  also  have  been  demanded  for  what  he 
had  said  of  Reddish,  but  his  enemies  called  out  to 
him  to  go  down  on  Jjis  knees — and  when  Macklin 
attempted  to  show  the  reasons  for  his  assertion  they 
would  not  hear  him — Lord  Mansfield  allowed  that 
Macklin  was  in  part  wrong,  and  that  if  some  mortifi- 
cation had  been  put  upon  him,  it  would  not  have  been 
much  amiss,  but  the  rioters  carried  their  resentment 
too  far,  when  they  insisted  that  the  managers  should 
discharge  him  and  take  his  bread  from  him — Mr. 
Justice  Aston  in  the  course  of  the  business  asked, 
"  why  should  Macklin's  acting  of  Shylock  and  Sir 
"  Archy  produce  a  riot  ?  because  he  offended  them 
"  in  acting  Macbeth,  they  would  not  let  him  play  the 
"  parts  he  was  confessedly  very  capable  of" Kirk- 
man  has  filled  more  than  190  pages  of  his  2d  vol. 
with  a  detail  of  the  trial,  in  which  the  few  theatrical 


430  HAY.  1T74. 

facts  of  importance  are  "  like  two  grains  of  wheat 
"  hid  in  two  bushels  of  chaff ;  you  shall  seek  all  day 
"  ere  you  find  them,  and  when  you  have  them,  they 
"  are  not  worth  the  search," 


HAY.  1?74> 

June  17.  Commissary.  Zachary  Fungus  =  Foote  : 
Mrs.  Mechlin  =  Mrs.  Gardner :  Mrs.  Loveit  =  Mr. 
Wilson  :  —  with  Author.  Cadwallader  =  Foote  : 
Vamp = Wilson  :  Mrs.  Cadwallader  =  Mrs.  Gardner. 

July  4.  Nabob.  Foote— J.  Aikin — Wilson — Wes- 
ton — Mrs.  Williams,  and  Mrs.  Gardner— end  of  the 
Play,  a  modern,  operatical,  sentimental,  crying 
Comedy,  called  Piety  in  Pattens.  Butler  =  Weston : 
Squire  =  Fearon  :  Polly  Pattens  =  Mrs.  Jewell  :— 
with  Catharine  and  Petruchio.  Petruchio  =  Fearon  : 
Grumio  =  Wilson  :  Catharine  =. Mrs.  Gardner. 

Aug.  3.  Cozeners,  9th  time.  Aircastle  =  Foote: 
Toby  =  Weston  :  Col.  Gorget  =  J.  Aikin  :  Flaw  = 
Wilson :  Moses  =  Burton  :  O'Flannagan  =.  Bannister: 
Mrs. Fleece'em^Mrs.  Williams:  Mrs.  Simony^Mrs. 
Gardner  :  Betsy  Blossom  =  Mrs.  Jewell :  Mrs.  Air- 
castle  =  Miss  Platt : — with  Cross  Purposes.  Grub  = 
Wilson  :  Mrs.  Grub  =  Mrs.  Gardner : — the  Cozeners 
are  Mrs.  Fleece'em  and  Flaw — Mrs.  Fleece'em  takes 


HAY,   1774.  431 

a  handsome  house — Flaw  circulates  a  report  that,  by 
means  of  many  powerful  connexions,  she  is  able  to 
procure  posts,  places,  and  preferments  of  all  kinds 
— Mrs.  Simony  bribes  Mrs.  Fleece'em  to  get  a  living 
for  her  husband — Aircastle  gives  Flaw  a  considerable 
sum  to  procure  a  marriage  between  his  son,  Toby, 
and  Mrs.  Fleece'em's  supposed  niece — Moses  wishes, 
by  the  influence  of  Mrs.  Fleece'em,  to  be  elected  a 
member  of  a  fashionable  club— O*  Flan  nagan  wants 
a  place  under  government— at  the  conclusion,  Col. 
Gorget  detects  Mrs.  Fleece'em  and  Flaw,  and  obliges 
them  to  return  the  money  to  Aircastle — this  is  an 
excellent  C. — there  is  not  a  vast  deal  of  original 
matter  in  it,  except  in  the  character  of  Aircastle,  but 
Foote  has  shown  himself  a  most  dexterous  plagiary 
—Lord  Chesterfield's  letters  are  deservedly  ridiculed 
— the  description  of  Dr.  Dodd  (Mrs.  Simony's  Dr.) 
is  admirable — it  was  written  before  he  committed  the 
forgery* — the  characters  of  Dr.  Hellebore  and  Paul 
Prig  were  added  afterwards — they  are  said  to  have 
originated  in  a  trick  really  played  by  the  notorious 
Mrs.  Rudd  on  a  si  Ikmercer— there  is  however  a 
similar  scene  in  the  Ordinary — the  scene  between 
Toby  and  the  Black  Girl  may  possibly  be  taken  from 
Monsieur  Thomas,  it  is  however  an  incident  which 
might  easily  be  hit  on  by  two  persons — the  girl's  say- 
ing Yes,  to  every  question  that  is  asked  her,  was 
doubtless  suggested  by  Arabella's  No  in  the  London 


*  In  Cooke's  Life  of  Foote  there  is  a  curious  account  of  Dr. 
Dodd's  finishing  in  Newgate,  a  play  which  he  had  begun  several 
years  before. 


432  HAY.    1774. 

Cuckolds — what  passes  between  Col.  Gorget  and 
Mrs.  Aircastle  is  borrowed  from  the  Fair  Example — • 
the  outlines  of  the  first  scene  are  evidently  taken 
from  the  Alchemist. 

The  Cozeners  was  not  printed  till  1778 — after 
Foote's  death — 2  editions  of  it  were  then  published 
— one  by  Wheble,  seemingly  from  a  Manuscript  in 
the  possession  of  Foote's  brother — in  this  edition 
the  names  of  Palmer,  Moody,  Mrs.  Gardner,  Mrs. 
Williams,  and  Miss  Platt,  are  placed  to  the  wrong 
characters — Colman  had  purchased  the  Copyright 
of  Foote's  Manuscript  Plays — in  the  preface  to  his 
edition  of  the  Cozeners  he  says  "  some  copies  of 
"  spurious  impressions  of  this  Comedy  and  the 
"  Maid  of  Bath  having  been  printed  and  circulated, 
"  before  the  application  to  the  Court  of  Chancery 
"  for  an  injunction  ;  it  has  been  thought  advisable 
"  in  vindication  of  the  property  of  the  editor,  as 
"  well  as  in  justice  to  the  deceased  author,  imme- 
"  diately  to  commit  to  the  press  genuine  editions  of 
"  the  2  dramatic  pieces  above  mentioned,  together 
"  with  the  Devil  upon  two  Sticks,  which  has  been 
"  also  without  authority  advertised  for  publication — 
"  on  inspection  of  the  spurious  impressions,  it  ap- 
"  pears  that  all  the  errors  of  careless  and  ignorant 
"  transcribers  have  been  religiously  preserved,  and 
"  all  the  additions  and  improvements  made  by  the 
"  facetious  writer  are  omitted— many  instances  of 
"  this  will  occur  on  a  perusal  of  this  Comedy,  in 
"  which,  besides  the  restoration  of  several  passages 
"  always  spoken  on  the  stage,  the  reader  will  find 
"  a  whole  scene  at  the  end  of  the  1st  act,  and  another 
"  still  more  entertaining  and  popular  at  the  begin- 


HAY.   1774.  483 

"  ning  of  the  3d,  both  of  which  are  wholly  wanting 
"  in  the  spurious  impressions  "  —in  this  edition  the 
names  of  Baddeley  and  Parsons  stand  to  the  parts 
of  Hellebore  and  Prig. 

17.  Waterman,  or  the  First  of  August,  5th  time. 
Tug  (the  waterman)  —  Bannister :  Bundle  (a  gar- 
dener) =  Wilson  :  Robin  (a  gardener)  =.  Weston : 
Wilhelmina  (Bundle's  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Jewell  : 
Mrs.  Bundle  =  Mrs.  Thompson  :  —  Bundle  wants 
Wilhelmina  to  many  Tug — Mrs.  Bundle  wants  her 
to  marry  Robin — Tug  gains  the  coat  and  badge — 
Wilhelmina  gives  him  the  preference — this  is  a  tole- 
rable ballad  Opera  in  2  acts  by  Dibdin — Dibdin  is 
much  to  blame  for  not  giving  some  intimation  that 
the  coat  and  badge  were  left  by  Dogget. 

29.  Weston's  bt.  Devil  upon  two  Sticks — Piety 
in  Pattens — Abel  Drugger's  return  from  the  Fete 
Champetre  in  Marybone  gardens — and  Devil  to  Pay. 
Jobson  =  Wilson  : — Piety  in  Pattens  seems  not  to 
have  been  printed. 

Sep.  2.  Bankrupt.  Lady  Riscounter  =  Mrs.  Wil- 
liams : — with  Mayor  of  Garratt.  Major  Sturgeon  = 
Footer  Jerry  Sneak  =  Weston :  Mrs.  Sneak  =  Mrs. 
Williams. 

5.  Jewell's  bt.     Not  acted  3  years,  Patron.     Sir 
Thomas   Lofty  =  Foote  :     Sir  Peter   Pepperpot  = 
Burton:  Bever  =  J.  Aikin  :  Rust  =  Weston  :   Puffzr 
Wilson  :  Juliet  =  Mrs.  Williams  : — with  a  new  comic 
sketch  called  a  Trip  to  Portsmouth — (for  that  night 
only)— see  Aug.  11  1773. 

6.  Bannister's  bt.     Beggar's  Opera.   Macheath  = 
Bannister:   Peachum^J.  Aikin  :  Lockit  =  Wilson  : 

VOL.  V.  F   P 


434  BATH  1773-1774.. 

Polly  =  Mrs.   Jewell :    Lucy  =  Mrs.    Thompson  : 
Diana  Trapes  — Mr.  Weston,  1st  time. 

15.  Cozeners,   21st  time,  with  Waterman,    13th 
time. 

16.  By  Permission.      Mrs.  Jewell's  bt.      Minor. 
Smirk  and  Shift,  with  imitations -Bannister  :  Mrs. 
Cole  =  Mr.  Weston. 

30.  By  Permission,     For  bt.   of  Mrs.  Williams, 
and   Mrs.    Weston.     Richard  the  3d.     Richard  = 
Weston,   1st  time:   Queen  =  Mrs.  Williams  :   Lady 
Anne  — Mrs.  Jewell,  1st  time. 


BATH  1773-1774. 

Sep.  15  and  16.  Henderson  acted  Bayes,  and 
Richard. 

18  and  25.   Henderson  acted  Benedick,  and  Lear. 

Oct.  5.  Venice  Preserved.  Pierre  =  Henderson  : 
Belvidera  =  Miss  M  ansell. 

9.  Macbeth  =  Henderson  :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Miss 
Mansell. 

14  and  16.  Henderson  acted  Pierre,  and  Richard. 

23.  Chances,  Don  John  =  Henderson :  2d  Con- 
stantiamMrs.  Didier. 

26.  Hamlet  =  Henderson :  Polonius  and  1st  Grave- 
digger  =  Blisset. 


BATH  1773-1774.  435 

28.  Henderson  acted  Don  John — and  on  SO  re- 
cited Garrick's  Ode. 

Nov.  2  and  6.  Henderson  acted  Benedick  and 
Bayes. 

11.  Comus  =  Henderson  :  Lady  =  Miss  Mansell. 

13.  Othello  =  Henderson  :  Desdemona  =  Miss 
Mansell. 

16  and  23.  Henderson  acted  Comus  and  Don  John. 
25  and  27.  Henderson  acted  Bobadill  and  Comus. 
30.  Stratagem.     Archer  =.  Henderson. 

Dec.  7  and  9.  Henderson  acted  Archer  and  Richard. 

14-21  and  23.  Henderson  acted  Ranger,  Don  John, 
and  Macbeth. 

28.  Edwin  acted  Sir  Harry  Sycamore. 

30  and  31 .  Henderson  acted  Comus,  and  Bayes. 

Jan.  1.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Hen- 
derson. 

8  and  12.  Henderson  acted  Comus,  and  Ranger. 

13.  Golden  Pippin.     Momus  =  Edwin. 

19-20  and  29.  Henderson  acted  Pierre,  Comus, 
and  Hamlet. 

Feb.  3.  Henderson  acted  Macbeth. 

9.  Edwin  acted  Sir  Francis  Wronghead. 

17  and  22.  School  for  Wives.     Belville  =  Hender- 
son :  Gen.   Savage  =  Edwin  :  Miss  Walsingham  = 
Mrs.  Didier  :  Mrs.  Belville  =  Miss  Mansell. 

March  8.  Henry  2d  =  Henderson  :  Rosamond  = 
Miss  Mansell. 

10  and  17.  Henderson  acted  Comus  and  Belville. 

19.  Hypocrite.  Dr.  Cant  well  =  Blisset :  Maw- 
worm  =  Edwin  :  Charlotte  =  Mrs.  Didier. 

April  4.  Pleasures  of  the  Town.  Punch  =  Edwin : 
—this  piece  was  part  of  Fielding's  Author's  Farce. 

F   F    2 


436  LIVERPOOL   BILLS    1774. 

6.  Man  of  Business.     Beverleyn  Henderson. 

12,  Ditto. 

14.  M acbeth  =  Henderson  : — with  Portrait.  Pan- 
taloon =  Edwin  :  Columbine  =  Mrs.  Didier. 

21.  Henderson  acted  Comus,  and  Belville  on  26. 

28.  Henderson  acted  Don  John. 

May  31.  Henderson  acted  Benedick. 

June  3.  Never  acted  there,  Revenge.  Zanga^: 
Henderson. 

The  bills  are  very  defective,  hut  the  person  who 
collected  them  seems  to  have  paid  great  attention  to 
the  hills  in  which  Henderson's  name  is  mentioned. 


LIVERPOOL  BILLS  177*- 

May  30.  Mrs.  Mattocks  acted  Sigismunda. 

June  4.  Shuter  acted  Obediah  Prim,  and  Mrs. 
Loveit. 

10.  Stratagem.  Archer  =  Palmer  :  Scrub  = 
Shuter  :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — with  Uphol- 
sterer. Pamphlet  =  Shuter  :  Razor  =  Quick. 

13.  Shuter's  bt.  and  last  performance.  Merry 
Wives.  Falstaff=  Shuter :  Slender  =  Pal mer  :  Shal- 
low =  Quick:  Mrs.  Ford  —  Mrs  Mattocks: — with 
Miss  in  her  Teens.  Fribble  =  Shuter  :  Flash  = 
Palmer. 


LIVERPOOL    BILLS    1771.  1 3~ 

15.  Henry  2d  =  Palmer :  Rosamond  =  Mrs.  Mat- 
tocks. 

17.  Cymbeline.     Imogens  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

22.  Twelfth  Night.  Clown  =  Lee  Lewes  :  fcOHviu 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

24.  Fair  Quaker.  Flip  =  Palmer  :  Mizen  -  Lee 
Lewes  :  Binnacle  =  Quick :  Fair  Quaker  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks  : — with  Anatomist.  Crispin  =  Palmer  : 
Old  Gerald  =  Quick. 

July  2.  School  for  Wives.     Conolly  —  Palmer. 

8.  Irish  Widow.      Kecksey  =  Lee   Lewes :    Sir 
Patrick  =  Palmer :  Thomas  =  Quick :  Irish  Widow 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

9.  Committee.      Teague  =  Palmer  :    Obediah  = 
Quick  :  Abel  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Ruth  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

13.  Man  of  Business.  Fable  =  Palmer  :  Beverley 
=  Wroughton  :  Check  =  Quick :  Handy  =  Lee 
Lewes  :  Lydia  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Mrs.  Carl  ton  =. 
Mrs.  Barrington  : — with  Deuce  is  in  him.  Prattle 
=  Lee  Lewes. 

22.  Note  of  Hand.  Revell  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Mac 
Cormuck  =  Palmer  :  Sapling  =  Quick. 

Aug.  8.  Mrs.  Barrington's  bt.  Mrs.  Mattocks 
acted  Mrs.  Oakly. 

10.  Careless    Husband.       Sir    Charles   Easy  = 
Wroughton  :  Lord  Foppington  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Lady 
Betty  Modish  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

12.  Drummer.  Tinsel  =  Palmer :  Vellum  =  Quick : 
Abigail  =  Mrs.  Hopkins:  Lady  Truman  =  Mrs.  Mat- 
tocks : — with  Padlock.     Leonora  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

13.  Provoked  Husband.     John  Moody  =  Palmer. 
15.  Mrs.  Mattocks  acted  Countess  of  Salisbury. 


438  LIVERPOOL   BILLS    1774. 

17.  Old  Maid  =  Mrs.  Barrington :  Capt.  Cape  = 
Palmer. 

19.  Spanish  Fryar  =  Palmer  :  Lorenzo  =  Lee 
Lewes. 

22.  Mattocks'  bt.  Love's  last  Shift.  Sir  Novelty 
Fashion  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Young  Worthy  =  Palmer  : 
Snap  =  Quick  :  Amanda  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

24.  Country  Lasses.  Modely  —  Palmer  :  Shackle- 
figure  =  Quick  :  Aura  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

26.  Wroughton's  bt.  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd 
not.  Trappanti  =  Palmer  :  Octavio  =  Wroughton: 
Soto  =  Quick  :  Hypolita  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — with 
Musical  Lady.  Mask  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Sophy  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks. 

29.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Hopkins.  Roman  Father. 
Horatius  =  Wroughton  :  Publius  =  Palmer  :  Horatia 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

31.  Lee  Lewes  acted  Trim,  and  Prattle  for  his  bt. 

Sep.  2.  Palmer's  bt.  As  you  like  it.  Jaques  = 
Palmer  :  Rosalind  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — with  Neck  or 
Nothing.  Slip  =  Palmer  :  Martin  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Sir 
Harry  Harlowe  =  Quick. 

5.  Quick's  bt.  Conscious  Lovers.  Cimberton  = 
Quick  :  Indiana  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — with  Man  of 
Quality.  Lord  Foppington  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Young 
Worthy  —  Palmer  :  Sir  Tunbelly  Clumsey  =  Quick  : 
Miss  Hoyden  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — the  mistake  of 
Young  Worthy  for  Young  Fashion  was  repeated  in 
another  bill. 

7.  Suspicious  Husband.  Clarinda= Mrs.  Mattocks. 

9.  Royal  Convert.  Aribert  m  Wroughton  :  Hengist 
=  Palmer  :  Offa  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Rodogune  =  Mrs. 
Melmoth:  Ethelinda  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 


BELL'S  SHAKSPEARE  AND  BRITISH  THEATIIE.      439 

12.  Last  night.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Mattocks.  All 
in  the  Wrong.  Sir  John  Restless  =  Palmer  :  Bever- 
ley  =  Wroughton  :  Belmont  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Belinda 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks:  Lady  Restless  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 
(Bills  from  Mr.  Field.') 


BELL's  SHAKSPEARE  AND  BRITISH 
THEATRE. 

In  1773  and  1774  Bell,  a  bookseller  in  the  Strand, 
published  an  edition  of  Shakspeare  in  numbers, 
each  number  containing  a  play— this  has  been  cen- 
sured as  the  worst  edition  of  Shakspeare  ever  pub- 
lished ;  which  strictly  speaking  is  true,  as  it  presents 
the  plays  in  a  mutilated  state— but  in  another  point 
of  view,  this  edition  is  very  useful,  as  it  is  copied 
from  the  Prompter's  book,  and  gives  the  names  of 
the  performers  who  acted  the  characters,  as  near  the 
time  of  publication  as  Bell  could  procure  them. 

On  May  4th  1776  he  began  to  publish  his  British 
Theatre  with  the  names  of  the  performers  to  the 
characters — he  is  not  always  to  be  depended  on,  but 
in  general  he  is  right — one  play  was  published  each 
Saturday  till  the  whole  amounted  to  105. 


440  D.  L.  1774-1775. 


D,  L.   1774-1775. 

Sep.  17.  Drummer.  Butfer  —  Baddeley  : — rest  as 
Nov.  6  1771— with  a  new  Prelude  called  the  Meet- 
ing of  the  Company  or  Bayes*  Art  of  Acting — King 
— Weston — Parsons— J.  Aikin,  &c. — acted  about  10 
times — not  printed. 

20.  Maid  of  the  Mill.  Sir  Harry  Sycamore  = 
Parsons:  G iles  =  Bannister :  Fanny  =  Miss  Pope. 

22.  Richard  3d  =  Smith,  his  1st  appearance  there  : 
Henry  6th  =  J.  Aikin  :  Richmond  =  Palmer  :  Buck- 
ingham—Jefferson: Queen  =  Mrs.  Hopkins:  Lady 
Anne=  Miss  Younge  : — with  Miss  in  her  Teens. 
Fribble^  Dodd  :  Flash  =  Palmer  :  Puff  =  Moody  : 
Biddys  Miss  Jarratt. 

24.  Clandestine  Marriage.  Sterling  =  Parsons, 
1st  time  :  Sir  John  M  el  vil  =  Brereton,  1st  time. 

27.  Cymbeline.  Posthumus  =  Reddish  ;  Jachimo 
=  Smith:  Cloten  =  Dodd  :  Imogen  =  Miss  Younge: 
— with  Anatomist.  Mons.  le  Medicine  Baddeley  : 
Crispin  =  Dodd. 

29.  Fair  Quaker. 

Oct.  1.  As  you  like  it.  Touchstone  =  King: 
Jaques  =  Jefferson  :  Orlando  =  Brereton  :  Adam  = 
Moody  :  Rosalind  =  Miss  Younge  :  Celia  =  Mrs. 
Baddeley. 

4.  Hamlet,  with  alterations.     Hamlet  =  Smith. 

8.  Alexander  the  Great.  AlexaridenzLacy,  his 
1st  appearance  there:  Clytus  =  Jefferson  :  Lysima- 
chus  =  Brereton  :  Cassander  =  Palmer  :  Statira  = 
Mrs.  Baddeley,  1st  time:  Roxana^Miss  Younge. 


D.  L.    1774-1775.  441 

13.  Zara.  Osman  =  Reddish  :  Lusignan  =  Gar- 
rick  :  Nerestan  =  Brereton,  1  st  time  :  Zara  =  Miss 
Younge. 

15.  Never  acted  there,  Electra,  from  the  Orestes 
of  Voltaire.  Orestes  =  Smith  :  ^Egisthus  =  Palmer  : 
Pammenesn:J.  Aikin  :  Pylades  =  Packer  :  Electra 
ziMrs.  Yates,  her  1st  appearance  there  for  8  years  : 
Clytemnestra=Mrs.  Hopkins:  Iphisa  =.  Mrs.  J>;i<l- 
deley  : — acted  3  times — see  C.  (•.  .March  13  1769. 

20.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour.     Kitely  =:  Gar- 
rick  :    Bobadill  =.  King  :    Brainworm  =  Baddeley : 
Master  Stephen  =  Weston  :    Dame  Kitely  =  Miss 
Younge. 

21.  Grecian  Daughter.     Evander  =  Reddish,  1st 
time:  Philotas  =  Cautherley,  1st  time  :  Euphrasia  = 
Miss  Younge: — with  Election,   2d  time.      John  = 
Bannister  :  Richard  =  Vernon  :    Trusty  =  Davies  : 
John's  Wife  =  Mrs.  Love:  Sally  (his  daughter)  = 
Mrs.  Wrighten  : — John's  wife  wants  him  to  vote  for 
Sir  Courtly — he  votes  for  Trusty — Trusty  gains  his 
Election — Richard  marries  Sally — this  musical  Inter- 
lude is  poor  stuff — it  is  attributed  to  M .  P.  Andrews. 

24.  Alchemist.  Abel  Drugger  =  Garrick  :  Subtle 
=  J.  Aikin:  Face  =  Palmer:  Ananias  =  Parsons: 
Sir  Epicure  Mammon  =  Jefferson  :  Surly  =  Baddeley : 
Dol  Common  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

26.  Gamesters. 

27.  Not  acted  8  years,  Oroonoko.     Oroonoko^ 
Lacy  :   Aboan  =  Palmer  :  Imoinda  =  Miss  Younge. 

28.  Much  ado.     Benedick  =  Garrick  :  Leonato  = 
Jefferson,  1st  time. 

29.  Richard  3d  at  both  houses. 

Nov.  1.  Jane  Shore.     Hastings  =  Smith:  Shore 


442  D.  L.  1774-1775. 

=  Reddish:  Glostem Jefferson  :  Jane  Shore  =  Mrs. 
Yates  :  Alicia  =  M  iss  Younge. 

3.  Stratagem.  Archer  =  Garrick :  Scrub  =  Weston  : 
Foigard  =  Moody  :  Mrs.   Sullen  —  Mrs.   Abington  : 
Cherry—  Miss  Pope. 

4.  Tamerlane.     Tamerlane  =  Palmer,  1st  time  : 
Bajazet  =  Smith:    Moneses  =  Reddish:    Axalla  = 
Brereton  :  Arpasia  =  Miss  Yo'unge  : — with  Mayor 
of  Garratt.      Major  Sturgeon  =  Bannister  :    Jerry 
Sneak  =  Weston  :  Mrs.  Sneak  =  Miss  Pope. 

5.  Never  acted,   Maid  of  the  Oaks.      Dupely  = 
Dodd  :  Old  Grovehy  =  King  :  Sir  Harry  Groveby  (his 
nephew)  =  Brereton  :  Hurry  =  Weston  :  Oldworth  = 
J.  Aikin :  Painter  =  Moody  :  Lady  Bab  Lardoon  = 
Mrs.  Abington  :  Maria  (the   Maid  of  the  Oaks)  =: 
Mrs.  Baddeley  : — acted  25  times — Sir  Harry  is  going 
to  marry  Maria,  who  is  supposed  to  be  an  orphan 
brought  up  by  Oldworth — the  wedding  is  to  be  cele- 
brated with  a  fete  champetre — Dupely  and  Lady  Bab 
are  invited — Dupely  considers  himself  as   quite   an 
over -match  for  the  women — Lady  Bab  is  addicted  to 
fashionable  follies  without  being  absolutely  corrupted 
by  them — she  is  desirous  of  making  a  fool  of  Dupely 
— for  this  purpose  she  puts  on  the  dress  of  a  shep- 
herdess,   which   she    meant  to  wear  at   the  fete — 
Dupely  makes  love  to  her  as  Philly  Nettletop  of  the 
vale — Hurry  enters  and  addresses  her  as  Lady  Bab 
— she   laughs   at  Dupely  — in  the  mean   time   Old 
Groveby  arrives — he  is   angry  with   Sir   Harry  for 
marrying  without  his  knowledge — he  takes  a  great 
fancy  to  Maria  —Oldworth  discovers  himself  to  be 

her   father this   piece   was  written  by  General 

Burgoyne— it  was  originally  intended  to  have  been 


D.  L.  1774-1775.  143 

in  2  acts,  but  by  the  advice  of  Garrick,  and  the  as- 
sistance of  singing,  dancing,  &c.  it  was  spun  out  to 
5 — it  has  since  been  reduced  to  2  acts,  in  which 
shape  it  must  be  considered  as  a  particularly  good 
little  Comedy — the  language  is  very  neat — the  cha- 
racter of  Lady  Bab  is  excellent ;  it  was  admirably 
well  acted  by  Mrs.  Abington — to  whom  General 
Burgoyne  has  contrived  to  pay  a  very  happy  and 
deserved  compliment,  when  he  makes  Lady  Bab 
say  "  You  shall  see  what  an  excellent  actress  I 
"  should  have  made,  if  fortune  had  not  unluckily 
"  brought  me  into  the  world  an  Earl's  daughter." 

11.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  To  wnly  =  Smith:  Sir 
Francis  =  Parsons  :  M anly  =  Packer  :  Count  Basset 
=  Dodd  :  John  Moody  =  Moody  :  Squire  Richard  = 
Burton  :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Lady  Wrong- 
head  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Lady  Grace  =  Miss  Sherry: 
Miss  Jenny  =  Mrs.  Davies  : — with  Irish  Widow. 

16.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute—  Garrick: 
Constant  =  Cautherley  :  Heartfree  =  Jefferson  : 
Razor  =  Baddeley  :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Abington  : 
Lady  Brute  =  Miss  Younge :  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Greviile : 
Mademoiselle —  Mrs.  Bradshaw. 

24.  Rule  a  Wife.     Leon  =  Garrick  :    Cacafogo  = 
Moody,    1st  time :    Margarita  =  Miss   Sherry,    1st 
time  : — with  Lyar.     Young  Wilding  =  Palmer. 

25.  Acted  but  once   these     14   years,    Isabella. 
Biron  =  Smith  :  Villeroy  =  Palmer  :  Count  Baldwin 
=  Jefferson:  Carlos  =  J.  Aikin  :    Isabella  =  Mrs. 
Yates. 

29.  Garrick  acted  Ranger  —  Garrick  acted  young 
parts  to  the  last  without  impropriety — he  was  a  most 
lucky  instance  for  retaining  his  spirits  and  the  use 


444  D.  L.  1774-1775. 

of  his  limbs,  with  the  face  growing  plump  instead  of 
sharp — when  dressed,  there  was  not  the  least  mark 
of  age  about  him  to  the  end  of  his  theatrical  career. 
(  Wilkinson.) 

Dec.  1.  Country  Girl.  Moody  =  King  :  Harcourt 
=  Palmer :  Sparkish  =  Dodd  :  Belville  =  Cauther- 
ley:  Country  Girl  =  Young  Lady,  her  1st  appear- 
ance on  any  stage  :  Alithea— Mrs.  Greville  :  Lucy 
=  Miss  Pope. 

2  and  12.  Hamlet— probably  by  Smith. 

7.  Chances.     Don  John  =  Garrick. 

9.  Venice  Preserved,  with,  Never  acted,  the  Cob- 
ler,  or  a  Wife  of  Ten  Thousand.  Snob  (the  Cobler) 
=  Bannister  :  Nipikin  (an  innkeeper)  —  Dibdin : 
Froth  (his  tapster)  =  Parsons  :  Alice  (Snob's  wife) 
=  Mrs  Wrighten :  Mrs.  Nipikin  =  Mrs.  Love: — 
acted  at  least  10  times — Nipikin  and  Froth  are  in 
love  with  Alice — Mrs.  Nipikin  is  in  love  with  Froth 
— Alice  places  her  husband  behind  a  skreen — Froth 
makes  her  a  present  of  20  guineas  which  he  had 
coaxed  Mrs.  Nipikin  to  give  him— Nipikin  gives 
Alice  a  release  for  the  money  due  to  him  from  Snob 
— Snob  promises  to  make  Alice  a  good  husband  for 
the  future — this  is  a  poor  Opera  by  Dibdin. 

19-  Never  acted,  Choleric  Man.  Nightshade  (the 
Choleric  Man)  =  King :  Charles  Manlove  =  Reddish : 
Manlove  (a  lawyer)  =:J.  Aikin  :  Jack  Nightshade  = 
Weston  :  Dibble  =  Baddeley  :  Gregory  (servant  to 
Old  Nightshade)  =  Moody  :  Stapleton  =  Packer : 
Laetitiii  Fait  fax  =  .rs.  Abington  :  Lucy  (her  maid) 
—  Miss  Pope:  Mrs.  Stapleton  =  Mrs.  Hopkins:— 
acted  about  13  times — Old  Nightshade  and  Manlove 
are  brothers  by  the  mother's  side — Manlove  had 


D.L.  1774-1775.  44-5 

adopted  Charles,  the  elder  son  of  Nightshade —he 
had  given  him  a  good  education — presented  him  with 
an  estate — and  caused  him  to  take  his  name — Night- 
shade had  hrought  up  his  younger  son,  Jack,  in  the 
country  without  any  education — Manlove  wishes 
Charles  to  marry  Miss  Fairfax,  who  was  ward  to 
Stapleton,  but  who  is  just  come  of  age — she  is  a  pro- 
ficient in  painting — Charles  visits  her  under  the  as- 
sumed character  of  an  artist — he  falls  in  love  with 
her— she  likes  him— Old  Nightshade  is  come  to  town 
— Jack  follows  him  secretly — he  applies  to  his 
brother,  who  furnishes  him  with  money,  and  a  hand- 
some suit  of  clothes — Jack  assumes  his  brother's 
name— this  causes  confusion,  but  not  much  pleasan- 
try— Jack  is  intimate  with  Dibble,  who  is  clerk  to 
Manlove,  and  brother  to  Lucy — Dibble  forms  a 
scheme  for  getting  Jack  married  to  his  sister — Lucy 
passes  herself  on  Jack  for  her  mistress — at  the  con- 
clusion Charles  marries  Miss  Fairfax — Jack's  inten- 
ded marriage  with  Lucy  is  prevented— Old  Nightshade 
gives  a  newsman  a  violent  knock  on  the  head — Sta- 
pleton, Gregory,  &c.  make  him  believe  that  the  man 
is  likely  to  die — Nightshade  throws  away  his  cane, 
and  promises  never  again  to  carry  a  weapon  of 
offence  in  his  hand — he  discovers  Jack— but  is  pre- 
vailed on  to  forgive  him this  C.,  as  well  as  the 

Squire  of  Alsatia,  is  founded  on  the  Adelphi  of 
Terence—  Cumberland  in  an  angry  preface  says,  that 
he  knew  little  or  nothing  of  the  Squire  of  Alsatia  at 
the  time  when  he  wrote  this  play — this  is  the  more 
extraordinary,  as  Cumberland's  Summer's  Tale  was 
acted  at  C.  G.  for  the  3d  and  4th  times  on  Dec.  1 1 
and  13  1765—  and  the  Squire  of  Alsatia  on  Dec.  12 


446  D.  L.  1774-1775. 

— it  is  remarkable  that  the  young  man  from  the 
country  in  both  plays  is  nearly  taken  in  to  marry  a 
pretended  lady — a  circumstance  not  borrowed  from 
Terence — Cumberland  in  his  Life  speaks  pretty  well 
of  this  Comedy — it  is  far  from  a  bad  one,  tho'  some- 
what dull  at  times — Davies  says  that  Weston  saved 
it  by  his  inimitable  acting — Murphy  observes,  that 
no  man  lives  in  a  perpetual  whirlwind  of  passion — 
choler  breaks  out  on  a  sudden,  and  intervals  of  peace 
and  quiet  succeed — but  Nightshade  is  in  one  con- 
tinued rage  from  the  beginning  of  the  play  to  the  end, 
which  is  not  natural. 

26.  Tempest. 

Jan.  2.  Gamester 4.  Distressed  Mother. 

20,  Wonder.     Don  Felix  —  Garrick  :    Lissardo  = 
King  :  Col.  Briton  =  Jefferson  :  Gibby  =  Johnston  : 
Don  Lopez  =  Baddeley  :    Don   Pedro  =  Parsons  : 
Violante=  Mrs.  Yates :    Flora  =  Miss  Pope  :    Isa- 
bella=Mrs.   Jefferson:    Inis  —  Mrs.  Bradshaw  : — 
with  Lottery.     Jack  Stocks  =  King :    Cloe  =  Mrs. 
Davies. 

21.  Never  acted,  Matilda.     Morcar  (Earl  of  Mer- 
cia)  =  Reddish  :  Edwin  (Earl  of  Northumberland)  = 
Smith :  Siward  (friend  to  Morcar)  =  Palmer  :    Ma- 
tilda—Miss Younge  : — acted   11   times — the   scene 
lies  in  Morcar's  camp — the  play  takes  place  in   the 

reign   of  William   the    Conqueror Morcar  and 

Edwin  are  brothers — Edwin  is  attached  to  William 
— Morcar  is  in  arms  against  him — Matilda  is  a  pri- 
soner to  Morcar— he  is  in  love  with  her  — Edwin  falls 
into  Morcar's  hands — they  are    reconciled — Morcar 
discovers  that  Edwin  is  in  love  with  Matilda,   and 
beloved  by  her— he-dooms  Edwin  to  death — in  the 


D.  L.   1774-1775.  44? 

5th  act,  he  believes  that  Edwin  is  killed — he  repents 
of  what  he  had  done — Siward  enters  with  Edwin, 
whom  he  had  preserved— Morcar  resigns  Matilda  to 

Edwin,  and  determines  to  retire  to  solitude this 

is  a  moderate  T. — Dr.  Franklin  would  have  done 
better  not  to  have  introduced  any  political  sentiments 
— it  is  ridiculous  to  preach  up  loyalty  to  a  man  who 
had  no  pretensions  to  the  crown,  but  his  sword — 
one  is  surprised  to  find  William  styled  "  the  best  of 
"  Kings"  till  one  recollects  that  the  reigning  Monarch 
is  always  the  best  of  Kings,  as  a  matter  of  course — 
Robins,  in  some  complimentary  verses  addressed  to 
Sir  Francis  Fane  on  his  Tragedy  of  the  Sacrifice 
1686,  calls  James  the  2d  "  the  best  of  Kings"— 
N.B.  Dr.  Franklin  was  a  Court  Chaplain — Matilda 
was  revived  at  C.  G.  March  7  1785. 

Feb.  1.  Isabella,  with,  never  acted,  Rival  Candi- 
dates. General  Worry  (father  to  Narcissa)  =  Par- 
sons :  Byron  =  Vernon  :  Sir  Harry  Muff  =  Dodd  : 
Spy  (servant  to  the  General)  =  Weston  :  Narcissa  = 
Mrs.  Baddeley :  Jenny  (her  maid)  =  Mrs.  Wrighten  : 
— Byron  and  Narcissa  are  mutually  in  love— Gene- 
ral Worry  goes  to  a  neighbouring  borough  to  vote 
for  Sir  Harry  Muff,  whom  he  designs  to  marry  his 
daughter — during  his  absence  Byron  visits  Narcissa 
-the  General  returns  much  out  of  humour,  as  the 
electors  have  chosen  Byron  instead  of  Sir  1 1  any — 
at  the  conclusion,  the  General  consents  to  the  union 
of  Byron  and  Narcissa— this  piece  has  little  merit, 
but  it  is  quite  good  enough  for  a  musical  Entertain- 
ment— it  was  written  by  Bate. 

6.  Distressed  Mother,  5th  time.    Orestes  =  Smith  : 


448  i>.  L.  1774-1775. 

Pyrrhus  =  Palmer :  Hermione  =  Miss  Younge  :  An- 
dromache =  Mrs.  Yates. 

17.  Never  acted,  Braganza.  Velasquez  (Minister 
of  Spain)  =  Smith  :  Duke  of  Braganza  =  Reddish  : 
Almada  =  J.  Aikiri :  Ribiro  =  Palmer  :  Mendoza  = 
Brereton  :  Ramirez  (a  monk)  =  Packer  :  Duchess  of 
Braganza  =  Mrs.  Yates  : — acted  15  times — this  T.  is 
founded  on  Vertot's  Revolution  of  Portugal — the 
Spaniards  are  in  possession  of  that  country — Velas- 
quez rules  it  with  a  rod  of  iron — most  of  the  princi- 
pal characters  are  in  a  conspiracy  against  him — Bra- 
ganza is  of  a  mild  disposition — the  Duchess  is  more 
resolute — in  the  3d  act,  Velasquez  instigates  Rami- 
rez to  poison  Braganza  with  a  consecrated  wafer — 
Ramirez  promises  to  do  so — this  scene  is  written 
with  great  skill — it  is  by  far  the  best  in  the  play — in 
the  5th  act,  the  conspirators  attack  the  palace — Ve- 
lasquez makes  his  escape  in  disguise — he  gets  access 
to  the  Duchess — on  the  approach  of  the  Duke,  he 
seizes  the  Duchess,  and  threatens  to  kill  her — the 
Duke,  who  is  much  attached  to  his  wife,  seems  in- 
clined to  make  concessions — the  Duchess  sets  Velas- 
quez at  defiance — Ramirez,  whom  Velasquez  had 
stabbed,  is  brought  on  in  a  dying  state — Velasquez  is 
so  confused  at  the  sight  of  him  that  he  loses  his  reso- 
lution for  a  moment,  and  is  seized  by  Braganza's 
adherents — Velasquez  is  carried  off  to  prison,  but  on 
his  way  thither  he  is  torn  in  pieces  by  the  multitude 
— Braganza  is  proclaimed  King  of  Portugal — this  is 
a  moderate  T.  by  Jephson— Davies  justly  observes 
that  the  situation  into  which  the  Duchess  is  thrown 
in  the  5th  act,  thoj  it  produced  applause,  was  a  mere 


D.  L.  I77i-m:>.  449 

stage  trick — he  might  have  added  that  it  was  not  a 
new  one — see  Distressed  Innocence  T.  R.  1691. 

Murphy  wrote  the  Prologue — in   which  he  says 
very  properly— 

"  The  Comic  Sister  in  hysteric  fit, 

"  You'd  swear,  has  lost  all  memory  of  wit ; 

"  She  that  could  jig  and  nick-name  all  heaven's 

"  creatures, 

"  With  sorrows,  not  her  own,  deforms  her  features; 
"  With  stale  reflections  keeps  a  constant  pother, 
"  Greece  gave  her  one  face,  and  she  makes 

"  another, 

"  So  very  pious,  arid  so  full  of  woe, 
"  You  may  well  bid  her  '  To  a  Nun'ry  go.'  " 

Of  the  author  he  says — 

"  Vig'rous  he  comes  and  warm  from  Shakspeare's 
"  school." 

An  useful  piece  of  information,  as  it  is  what 
one  would  not  have  thought  of,  without  being  told. 
March  7.  Zara.  Osman^  Smith,  1st  time  (there.) 
18.  King's  bt.  Not  acted  16  years,  Measure  for 
M  easure.  Duke  =  Smith  :  Lucio  =  King :  Angelo  = 
Palmer :  Claudio  =  Reddish  :  Escalus  =  J.  Aikin  : 
Clown  =  Parsons  :  Provost  =  Davies  :  Isabella  =  Mrs. 
Yates  :  Mariana  —  Miss  Hopkins  :  Mrs.  Overdone  = 
Mrs.  Bradshaw  : — with,  never  acted,  a  C.  in  3  acts, 
called  Bon  Ton.  Sir  John  Trotley  =  King :  Lord 
Minikin  =  Dodd  :  Col.  Tivy  =  Brereton  :  Davy  =  Par- 
sons :  Jessamy  —  Lamash  :  Miss  Tittup  =Mrs.  Ab- 
ington  :  Lady  Minikin  =  Miss  Pope  : — this  is  an  ex- 
cellent little  C.  by  Garrick — it  was  particularly  well 

VOL.    V.  G   O 


450  D.  L.   1774-1775. 

acted — it  was  not  printed  till  the  latter  end  of  the 
year — Garrick  in  a  short  advertisement  prefixed  says, 
"  this  little  Drama  was  brought  out  last  season  for 
"  the  benefit  of  Mr.  King,  as  a  token  of  regard  for 
"  one,  who  during  a  long  engagement,  was  never 
"  known,  unless  confined  by  real  illness,  to  disap- 
"  point  the  public,  or  distress  the  managers" — the 
Prologue  by  Colman  was  so  good  and  so  well  de- 
livered, that  King  always  spoke  it  till  he  left  the 
stage. 

20.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Yates.  Medea.    Jason  =  Gen- 
tleman :  Creon  =:  Smith  :  JSson  =:  Palmer  :  Lycan- 
der  =  Cautherley :  1st  Colchian^  J.  Aikin  :  Medea  = 
Mrs.  Yates  :  Theano  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  : — with  Peep 
behind  the  Curtain — Smith  usually  played  Jason — 
but  he  seems  on  this  night  to  have  given  up  the  part 
and  to  have  played  Creon  to  oblige  Mrs.  Yates — he 
had  acted  Creon  at  C.  G. 

21.  Miss  Younge's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  Timan- 
thes.     Timanthes  =  Smith  :  Demophoon  =  Palmer  : 
Cherinthus  =  Brereton  :  Mathusius  =  Jefferson  :  Is- 
mena  =.  M  iss  Younge  :  Cephisa  —  Young  Lady. 

23.  Smith's  bt.  Macbeth  =  Smith  :  Macduff  = 
Reddish  :  Banquo  =.  Packer  :  Rosse  =  J.  Aikin  :  Mal- 
colm =  Cautherley  :  Witches  =  Parsons,  Moody  and 
Baddeley  :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Lady  Mac- 
duff  =  Miss  Sherry. 

25.  Reddish's  bt.  Acted  but  once,  Heroine  of  the 
Cave.  Lorenzo  =  Brereton  : — rest  as  before — with 
Guardian.  Heartly  =  Reddish  :  Sir  Charles  Clackit 
i=  Parsons:  Young  Clackit  =Dodd  :  Lucy  =  Miss 
Pope:  Harriet  =  Young  Lady,  her  1st  appearance 
this  season. 


D.  L.  1774-1775. 

27.  Mrs.  Abington's  bt.  Hypocrite.     Lady  Lam- 
bert^Mrs.  Greville :  (rest  as  usual)  with,  2d  time, 
Bon  Tori  with  alterations — it  was   now  reduced  to 
@  acts. 

28.  Vernon's  bt.  Suspicious  Husband.    Ranger  = 
Vernori,    1st  time:    Frankly  =  Palmer,  1st  time: 
Mrs.  Strictland  =  Mrs.  Greville. 

April  3.  School  for  Wives.  Belville  =  Brereton, 
1st  time. 

4.  Dodd's  bt.  Twelfth  Night,  and  Bon  Ton,  3d 
time. 

8.  Miss  Pope's  bt.  Funeral.  Campley  =  Dodd : 
Lady  Brumpton  =  Miss  Pope  :  Lady  Harriet  =  Mrs. 
Abington  :  Lady  Chariot  =  Mrs.  Greville  .• — with 
Bon  Ton,  4th  time. 

17.  Moody's  bt.  Committee.  Teague  =  Moody : 
— with,  not  acted  12  years,  Phoebe,  or  the  Beggar's 
Wedding.  Hunter  =.  Vernon  :  Phoebe  =  Mrs.  Smith. 

19.  Weston's  bt.  Christmas  Tale,   with  an  Inter- 
lude called  Weston's  return  from  the  Universities  of 
Parnassus — and,  not  acted  3  years,  Lethe.     Lord 
Chalkstone  =  King :  Fine  Gentleman  =  Dodd  :  Old 
Man = Parsons:  Drunken  Man  (by  desire)  =Weston: 
^Esop=rJ.  Aikin:  Frenchman  =  Baddeley  :  Mercury 
=  Davies  :  Fine  Lady  =  Miss  Pope. 

20.  Palmer's  bt. — 2d  time  for  16  years,  Measure 
for  Measure  —  with,  never  acted  there,  Henry  and 
Emma,  (from  Prior)  Henry  =  Brereton  :  Eugenius  •=. 
Palmer:  Venus  =  Mrs.  Smith:  Emma  =  Mrs.  Bad- 
deley. 

21.  Jefferson's  bt.  Not  acted  4  years,  Recruiting 
Officer.     Plume  =  Smith:  Brazen  =King:  Kite  = 
Palmer :  Balance  =  Jefferson  :  Bullock  =  Moody  : 

G  G    2 


452  D.  L.   1774-1775. 

Worthy  =  Du-Bellamy  from  C.  G.  :  Recruits  =  Par- 
sons and  Westori  :  Melinda  =  Mrs.  Greville  :  Rose 
=  Miss  Jarratt :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Davies  :  Sylvia  =  Miss 
Younge,  being  their  1st  appearance  in  those  cha- 
racters. 

24.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Hopkins.  Earl  of 
Warwick.  King  Edward  =  Palmer,  1st  time. 

29.  Cymbelirie.     Post-hum  us  =  Brereton,  1st  time. 

May  1.  Cautherley's  bt.  Mourning  Bride.  Os- 
myn  =  Smith:  King  =  J.  Aikin  :  G  arcia  =  Cauther- 
ley :  Zara  =  Miss  Younge  :  Almeria  =  Mrs.  Yates  : 
— with,  never  acted  there,  Comus  in  2  acts.  Comus 
—  Cautherley  :  Lady  =  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

2.  Mrs.  Smith's  bt.  Cymbeline,  and,  never  acted, 
a  Musical  Entertainment  called  the  Wish. 

3.  Brereton's   bt.    Venice   Preserved.     Jaffier  = 
Brereton,  1st  time  :  Pierre  =  Smith  :  Belvidera  — 
Miss  Younge  : — with  a  new  Comic  Opera  called  the 
Quaker — Bannister — Dibdin — Davies — Mrs.  Scott, 
and  Young  Lady,  her  1st  appearance  on  any  stage — 
this   C.    O.  was  written  by  Dibdin,   who  seems  to 
have  acted  Solomon — Steady  means  to  marry  Gillian, 
but  on  finding  that  she  is  attached  to  Lubin,  he  re- 
signs her  to  him— see  Oct.  7  1777- 

5.  Stratagem.      Archer  =  King  :  Scrub  =  Yates, 
1st  appearance  this  season: — with  Bon  Ton. 

6.  Fashionable   Lover.     Tyrrel  =  Brereton,   1st 
time. 

8.  Brothers.     Sophia  =  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

10.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil  =  Brereton, 
1st  time  :  Sealand  —  J.  Aikin,  1st  time  :  Indiana  = 
Miss  Younge. 

12.    For  bt.  of  Waldron,  and  Mrs.  Greville.     All 


D.  L.   1774-1775.  453 

for  Love.  Antony  =  Smith  :  Ventidius  =  Palmer: 
Dolabella^Brereton,  their  1st  appearance  in  those 
characters:  Cleopatra  =  Miss  Younge:  Octavia  = 
Mrs.  Greville,  1st  time: — with,  never  acted,  the  Con- 
trast, or  the  Jew  and  Married  Courtezan.  Sharp  = 
Dodd:  Blunt  =  Moody:  the  other  characters  by 
Baddeley,  Mrs.  Davies,  &c. — not  printed,  r.  b. 

13.  Suspicious  Husband.  Ranger  =  King  :  Mrs. 
Strictland  =  Mrs.  Baddeley :  Jacintha  =  Mrs.  Davies, 
1st  time: — with  a  burlesque  Opera,  not  acted  25 
years,  called  Tom  Thumb.  Tom  =  Master  Blanch- 
ard  :  King  =  Davies:  Grizzle  =  Bannister  :  Queen 
=  Mrs.  Wrighten  :  Huncamunca  =  Mrs.  Smith : 
Glumdalca=:Mr.  Kean. 

17.  Rule  a  Wife.     Leon  =  Smith. 

19.  West  Indian.  Charlotte  Rusport  =  Mrs.  Mat- 
tocks from  C.  G.  :— with  Tom  Thumb,  4th  time. 

25.  Theatrical  Fund.  Wonder.  Don  Felix  = 
Garrick  : — and  Rival  Candidates,  18th  time— a  new 
occasional  Prologue  by  Palmer,  and  an  occasional 
Epilogue  by  Garrick — pit  and  boxes  laid  together. 

27.  Matilda,  llth  time,  and  Bon  Ton  8th  time- 
last  play.  (Bills  from  B.  M.} 

Garrick  acted  Lusignan  3  times — Kitely  2 — Abel 
Drugger2 — Benecljck  2 — Archer  1 — Brute  1 — Leon 
3 — Don  John  2 — Felix  4 — Hamlet  was  acted  3  times, 
but  Smith  certainly  acted  the  part  the  1st  time,  and 
probably  on  the  2  other  nights. 

F.  Aikin  left  D.  L.  before  the  beginning  of  this 
season — J.  Aikin  was  very  injudiciously  called  Mr. 
Aikin  in  the  bills. 


c.  G.  1774-17T5. 


C.   G.    1774-1775. 

Sept.  19.  All's  well'that  ends  well.  Countess  = 
Mrs.  Hull  :—  rest  as  Dec.  3  1772. 

21.  She  Stoops  to  Conquer.  Miss  Neville  =  Mrs. 
Lessingham. 

23.  Maid  of  the  Mill  -  26.  George  Barnwell. 

28.  Love  in  a  Village.  Sir  W.  Meadows  =  Quick, 
1st  time. 

30.  Miser.  Lovegold  =  Shuter:  Frederick  = 
Wroughton  :  Clerimont  =  Whitfield  :  Ramilie  =  Lee 
Lewes,  1st  time:  List  =  Quick  :  Lappet  =  Mrs.  Pitt: 
Mariana  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Whitfield. 

Oct.  3.  Elfrida.     Athelwold  =  Lewis,  1st  time. 

4.  Alexander  the  Great  =  Clinch  :  Clytus  =  Clarke  : 
Statira  =  Mrs.  Hartley  :  Roxana  n  Mrs.  Melmoth,  1st 
time. 

5.  Beggar's  Opera,    Polly  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Lucy 
=  Miss  Catley,  1st  time. 

7.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil  =  Lewis,  1st 
time  :  Tom  =  Woodward  :  Myrtle  =  Wroughton  : 
Cimberton  =  Shuter  :  Sealand  =  Clarke  :  Phillis  = 
Mrs.  Mattocks,  1st  time  :  Indiana  =  Young  Lady,  her 
1st  appearance  on  any  stage. 

11.  Not  acted  8  years,  Rehearsal.  Bayes^Lee: 
Johnson  =  Lewis  :  (probably  Lee  Lewes)  Smith  = 
Clarke  :  —  other  characters  by  Dunstall,  Quick, 
Clinch,  Miss  Barsanti,  &c.  —  Clinch,  Dunstall,  and 
Quick  acted  Volscius,  Gentleman  Usher,  and  Phy- 
sician. 

13.  Romeo  and  Juliet.  Romeo  =  Lewis,  1st  time  : 
Mercutio  =  Wood  ward  :  Capulet  =  Clarke,  1st  time: 


c.  o.   1774-1775.  455 

Friar  =  Hull :  Tybalt  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Peter  =  Quick  : 
Juliet  =  Miss  Dayes,  2d  time  :  Nurse  =  Mrs.  Pitt : 
Lady  Capulet  —  Mrs.  Hull. 

14.  West  Indian.  Belcour  —  Gentleman  :  Char- 
lotte Rusport  n  Mrs.  Mattocks,  1st  time  :  Lady  Rus- 
port  =  Mrs.  Pitt :  Louisa  Dudley  =  Miss  Brown  : 
Mrs.  Fulmer  =  Mrs.  Hull :  —  West  Indian  at  both 
houses. 

20.  Philaster.     Philaster  n  Melmoth,  his  1st  ap- 
pearance  on  the  English   stage:    (see  Irish  Stage, 
S.  A.  1772-1773)  King  =  L'Estrange:  Pharamond  = 
Clinch  :  Dion  =  Hull :    Captain  of  the  Mob  —  Dun- 
stall  :  Bellario  =  Mrs.  Melmoth  :    Arethusa  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks. 

21.  Jealous  Wife.     Oakly  =  Bensley,  1st  time  : 
Lord  Trinket^ Lewis,   1st  time  :    Lady  Freelove  = 
Mrs.  Pitt :  Mrs.  Oakly  =  Lady,  her  1st  appearance 
on  the  English  stage  : — with  Comus. 

22.  Richard  3d  =  Lee  :     Richmond  =  Clinch  : 
Henry  6th  =  Hull :   Duchess  of  York  =  Mrs.   Hull : 
Lady  Anne  =  Miss  Macklin :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Melmoth, 
their  1st  appearance  in  those  characters. 

24.  Henry  2d  =  Bensley,  1st  time  :  Queen-  Mrs. 
Melmoth,  1st  time  :  Rosamond  by  the  Lady  who 
acted  Mrs.  Oakly. 

26.  Philaster,  with  No  one's  enemy  but  his  own, 
revived — Woodward — Shuter — Hull — Wroughton — 
Booth — Lee  Lewes — Quick —  Cushing — Mrs.  Les- 
singham,  and  Miss  Barsanti — acted  about  6  times — 
Woodward  and  Shuter  no  doubt  kept  their  original 
characters  (see  Jan.  9  1764)  -  -  Miss  Barsanti  and 
Mrs.  Lessingham  probably  acted  Lucinda  and  Hor- 
tensia — if  the  bills  be  correct,  this  was  about  the  1st 


456  c.  G.   1774-1775. 

night  on  which  Lewes  was  announced  as  Lee  Lewes 
— some  few  nights  before,  his  name  stood  to  Harle- 
quin as  Lewes  simply. 

27.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  (with  an  address  to 
the  town)  =:  Woodward  :  Sir  Francis  Gripe  =  Shuter : 
Sir  George  Airy  =  Lewis:  Charles  =  Wroughton  : 
Sir  Jealous  Traffic  —  Dunstall :  Miranda  —  Miss 
Macklin  :  Patch  =  Mrs.  Pitt :  Isabinda=  Mrs.  Les- 
singham. 

31.  Never  acted  there,  Grecian  Daughter.  Evan- 
der:=  Barry:  Philotas  =  Bensley :  Dionysius  =  Clinch: 
Melanthori  =  Hull :  Phocion  =  Wroughton  :  Euphra- 
sia^Mrs.  Barry,  her  1st  appearance  there. 

Nov.  1.  Jovial  Crew.  Oldrents  —  Quick,  1st  time  : 
Hearty  =  Reinhold  :  Vincent  =  Mattocks:  Hilliard 
=  Du-Bellarny  :  Clack  =  Shuter  :  Springlove  = 
Wroughton  :  Randal  =  Dunstall :  Rachel  (with  alte- 
rations) =  Miss  Catley  :  Meriel  (with  alterations)  = 
Miss  Brown  :  Amie  =  Miss  Dayes. 

3.  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not,  with  Golden 
Pippin.  Venus  =  Miss  Brown. 

8.  Not  acted  20  years,  Much  ado  about  Nothing. 
Benedick  =  Lee  :  Leonato  =  Hull :  Pedro  =  Wrough- 
ton :  Claudio  =  Lewis  :  Dogberry  =  Shuter :  Town 
Clerk  =  Quick  :  Beatrice  =  Mrs.  Barry,  1st  time: 
Hero  =  Mrs.  Lessingham.  r.  b. 

12.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  To wnly  ~  Barry  : 
Sir  Francis  =  Shuter :  Manly  =  Clarke  :  Squire 
Richard  =  Quick  :  John  Moody  =  Dunstall:  Count 
Basset  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Lady  To  wnly  =  Mrs.  Barry  : 
Lady  Wrongheadzi  Mrs.  Pitt:  Lady  Graces  Mrs. 
Lessingham  :  Miss  Jennys  Mrs.  Mattocks. 
14.  Henry  8th,  and  Cross  Purposes. 


c.  G.   1774-1775.  4,57 

19.  (and  21)  Winter's  Tale  in  3  acts.  Leontes 
=  Melmoth  :  Old  Shepherd  =  Clarke  :  Herraionem 
Mrs.  Melmoth  :  Perdita  by  the  Lady,  who  acted  In- 
diana : — see  March  12  1774. 

24.  King  Lear  =  Barry  :  Edgar  =  Lewis,  1st  time  : 
Bastard  =  Bensley :  Gloster  =  Hull  :  Kent  =  Clarke  : 
Gentleman  Usher  — Quick  :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

25.  West  Indian.      Belcour  =  Lewis  :  Charlotte 
Rusport  =  Miss   Barsanti :    Lady  Rusport  =  Mrs. 
Green  : — on  the]  30th   Mrs.   Bulkley  acted  Louisa 
Dudley  1st  time. 

Dec.  2.  Artaxerxes,  with,  never  acted,  Romance 
of  an  Hour.     Sir  Hector  Strangeways  (an  Admiral) 
=  Shuter :  Orson  (his  son)  =  Quick  :   Bussora  (a 
Gentoo)  =  Lee   Lewes  :    Col.    Ormsby  =  Clarke : 
Brownlow  =  Bensley  :  Pillage  =  Dunstall :  Zelida  (an 
Indian  lady)  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Lady  Di.  Strangeways 
=  Mrs.  Green  :  — Zelida's  father  had  bequeathed  her 
to  Col.  Ormsby  for  his  wife — the  Colonel  had  sent 
her  to  England  under  the  care  of  Brownlow,  who 
was  his  particular  friend— Zelida,  tho'born  in  India, 
has  had  an  European  education — she  is  in  love  with 
Brownlow — he  is  in  love  with  her,  but  from  motives 
of  honour   he   conceals   his    passion  for   her — Col. 
Ormsby  returns  to  England — Zelida,  to  avoid  a  mar- 
riage with  him,  determines  to  go  back  to  India — for 
this  purpose  she  leaves  the  house  of  Lady  Di.  Strange- 
ways,  with  whom  she  had  resided,  and  takes  a  lodging 
at  the  house  of  Pillage's  sister — Pillage  sends  Sir 
Hector  word,  that  a  pretty  girl  is  come  to  lodge  at 
his  sister's — Sir  Hector  takes  the  hint,  and  to  his 
surprise  finds  Zelida— Zelida  consents  to  marry  Col. 


458  c.  G.    1774-1775. 

Ormsby,  in  order  to  prevent  a  duel  between  him  and 
Brownlow — Bussora,  Zelida's  faithful  servant,  de- 
clares that  she  is  in  love  with  Brownlow — Col. 

Ormsby  resigns  Zelida this  is  a  neat  C.  in  2  acts 

by  Kelly — it  is  professedly  founded  on  one  of  Mar- 
montePs  Tales — the  comic  characters  are  better  than 
the  serious  ones. 

3.  Zara.  Lusignan  =  Barry  :  Osman  =  Lee  :  Ne- 
restan  =  Wroughton  :  Zara  —  Mrs.  Barry. 

6.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife.  Col.  Feignwell  = 
Woodward  :  Obediah  Prim=:  Shuter  :  Periwinkle  =: 
Quick  :  Tradelove  =  Duristall :  Anne  Lovely  =  Miss 
Macklin. 

9.  Lady  Jane  Gray.  Lord  Guilford  Dudley  = 
Lewis,  1st  time:  Pembroke  =  Bensley  :  Gardiner  = 
Clarke  :  Northumberland  =  Hull  :  Duchess  of  Suf- 
folk =  Mrs.  Hull :  Lady  Jane  Gray  =  Mrs.  Hartley. 

12.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Carlos  =  Bensley:  Louisa 
zz  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Angelina  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Elvira 
=  Mrs.  Hull. 

15.  Othello  =  Barry  :  lago  —  Bensley:  Cassiozz 
Lewis  :  Roderigo  —  Woodward  :  Brabantio  zz  Hull : 
Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  ^Emilia  =  Mrs.  Mattocks, 
1st  time. 

17.  Jane  Shore.  Hastings  —  Barry :  Dumont  •=. 
Bensley:  Gloster  =  Clarke  :  Belmourzz  Hull :  Jane 
Shore  =  Mrs.  Hartley :  Alicia  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

26.  Earl  of  Essex  =  Clinch,  1st  time  :  Southamp- 
ton =  Wroughton  :  Burleigh  =  Hull :  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Melmoth,  1st  time:  Rutland  =  Mrs.  Hartley,  1st  time. 

Jan.  3.  Hamlet,  by  a  Gentleman,  being  his  1st 
appearance  in  Europe  :  King  =  Clarke  :  Ghost  = 


c.o.    1774-1775.  459 

Bensley  :  Horatio  =  Hull :  Laertes  =  Wroughton, 
1st  time  :  Osrick=:Lee  Lewes  :  Polonius  =  Shuter  : 
1st  Gravedigger  =  Dunstall :  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Mat- 
tocks: Queen  m  Mrs.  Hull,  1st  time. 

7-9-11-14  and  16.  Distressed  Mother.  Orestes  = 
Barry :  Pyrrhus  =  Bensley  :  Pylades  =  Clinch  :  Her- 
mione  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Andromache  =  Mrs.  Hartley  : 
— this  T.  was  revived  at  both  theatres  in  opposition 
— the  advantage  was  certainly  at  C.  G. 

17.  Never  acted,  Rivals.     Sir  Anthony  Absolute 
=  Shuter:  Capt.  Absolute  =  Woodward  :  Faulkland 
=  Lewis:  Acres  =  Quick  :  Sir  Lucius  O'Trigger  — 
=  Lee  :  Fag  =  Lee  Lewes  :  David  =  Dunstall :  Lydia 
Languish  =  Miss  Barsanti :  Julia  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  : 
Mrs.  Malaprop  =  Mrs.  Green :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Lessing- 
ham  : — acted  14  or  15  times — Moore  in  his  Life  of 
Sheridan  says — "  this  C.,  as  it  is  well  known,  failed 
"  in  its  first  representation — chiefly  from   the  bad 
"  acting  of  Lee  in  Sir  Lucius — Clinch  was  substi- 
"  tuted  in  his  place  ;  and  the  play,  being  lightened 
"  of  this  and  some  other  incurnbrances,  rose  at  once 
"  into  public  favour"  —the  Rivals  is  an  excellent  C. 
on  the  whole — but  Faulkland  is  not  a  pleasing  cha- 
racter— Acres  and  Mrs.  Malaprop  are  caricatures— 
the  scenes  between  Sir  Anthony  and  Capt.  Absolute 
are  exquisite. 

18.  Rivals — after  this  night  it  was  withdrawn  for 
alteration — on  the  10th  night  Sheridan  wrote  a  new 
Prologue — this  was  spoken  by  Mrs.  Bulkley,  who, 
pointing   to   the   figure  of  Comedy  (which  at  that 
time  stood  on  one  side  of  the  Stage,  as  Tragedy  did 
on  the  other)  said — 


460  c.  o.  1774-1775. 

"  Look    on   this   form — where   Humour  quaint 

"  and  sly 

"  Dimples  the  cheek,  and  points  the  beaming  eye ; 
"  Where  gay  Invention  seems  to  boast  its  wiles, 

"  In  amorous  hint  and  half-triumphant  smiles  ; 

******* 

"  Look  on  her  well — does  she  seem  form'd  to 

"  teach  ? 

"  Shou'd  you  expect  to  hear  this  Lady — preach  ?* 
"  Is  grey  experience  suited  to  her  youth  ? 
"  Do  solemn  sentiments  become  that  mouth  ? 
"  Yet  thus  adorned  with  every  graceful  art 
"To  charm  the  fancy  and  yet  reach  the  heart — 
"  Must  we  displace  her  ?  and  instead  advance 
"  The  Goddess  of  the  woeful  countenance — 
"  The  Sentimental  Muse ! — her  emblems  view 
"  The  Pilgrim's  progress,  and  a  sprig  of  rue  I — 
"  There  fix'd  in  usurpation  should  she  stand, 
"  She'll  snatch  the  dagger  from  her  sister's  hand  : 
"  And  having  made  her  votaries  weep  a  flood, 
"  Good   Heav'n!    she'll   end  her   Comedies  in 

"  blood— 
"  Bid  Harry  Woodward  break  poor  Dunstall's 

"  crown  I 

"  Imprison  Quick— and  knock  Ned  Shuter  down; 
"  While  sad  Barsanti — weeping  o'er  the  scene, 
"  Shall  stab  herself — or  poison  Mrs.  Green." 

Acres  in  the  3d  act  says  "'tis  certain  I  have  most 


*  Dramatizing  the  penal  laws  and  making  the  Stage  a  Court  of 
ease  to  the  Old  Bailey  is  vastly  moral,  but  vastly  dull — We  go  to 
Church  to  be  edified,  to  the  Theatre  to  be  amused. 


C.G.   1774-1775. 

"  Antigallican  Toes" — the  same  thought  occurs  in 
the  Wasps  of  Aristophanes,  where  the  old  man  on 
being  desired  to  put  on  a  pair  of  Lacedemonian 
boots,  endeavours  to  excuse  himself  by  saying  that 
one  of  his  toes  is  TTWU  puroXaKuv — a  sworn  enemy 
to  the  Lacedemonians. 

What  Acres  says  of  swearing  (in  act  2d)  "  that 
"  the  best  terms  will  grow  obsolete"  -  and  that 
"  Damns  have  had  their  day" — corresponds  with  an 
Old  Epigram  by  Sir  John  Harrington — 

"  In  elder  times  an  ancient  custom  was, 

"  To  swear  in  weighty  matters  by  the  mass  ; 

"  But  when  the  mass  went  down,  as  old  men 

"  note, 

"  They  sware  then  by  the  cross  of  this  same  groat: 
"  And  when  the  cross  was  likewise  held  in  scorn, 
"  Then  by  their  faith  the  common  oath  was 

"  sworn. 

"  Last  having  sworn  away  all  faith  and  troth, 
"  Only  G — d  damn  them  is  their  common  oath. 
"  Thus  custom  kept  decorum  by  gradation, 
"  That  losing  mass,  cross,  faith,  they  find  damna- 

"  tion." 

Matthew  Paris  says  the  Normans  came  with  horrible 
oaths  and  such  as  the  English  had  not  been  used  to 
— several  of  our  Monarchs  of  that  formidable  race 
had  each  of  them  a  particular  oath  of  which  he  be- 
came the  protector  and  patron— some  few  of  these 
have  survived  to  this  day,  but,  like  other  favourites 
without  merit,  find  no  respect  now,  when  their  mas- 
ters are  no  more—(Ogden) — of  modern  oaths  Giulso 


462  c.o.   1774-1775. 


recommends  itself  by  its  indecency,  and  Zounds  by 
its  orthodoxy. 

Jan.  21.  Henry  2d,  with,  never  acted,  Two  Misers. 
Gripe  and  Hunks  (the  Two  Misers)  =:  Quick  and 
Reinhold  :  Lively  (nephew  to  Hunks)  =  Mattocks  : 
Janisaries  =  Dunstall,  &c.  :  Jenny  (maid  to  Harriet) 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Harriet  (niece  to  Gripe)  =  Miss 
Catley  :  —  the  scene  lies  in  the  great  Square  at 
Smyrna  —  in  the  centre  of  the  stage  there  is  a  large 
Pyramid,  under  which  the  Mufti  and  his  riches  are 
said  to  be  buried  —  the  Two  Misers  form  a  scheme 
for  breaking  open  the  Pyramid,  and  carrying  off  the 
treasure  —  Lively  and  Harriet  are  mutually  in  love— 
Gripe  leaves  his  keys  in  the  door  —  Jenny  seizes 
them  —  she  gives  lively  and  Harriet  a  basket  full  of 
Gripe's  bonds,  jewels,  &c.  —  the  basket  accidentally 
falls  into  a  dry  well—  Lively  goes  down  to  fetch  it  — 
the  Two  Misers  break  open  the  Pyramid  —  Hunks 
descends  into  the  vault  under  the  Pyramid  —  he  finds 
nothing  but  the  Mufti's  cloak  and  turban,  which  he 
throws  on  the  stage—  Gripe  thinks  that  Hunks  is 
cheating  him  —  he  lets  down  the  iron  grate  through 
which  Hunks  had  entered  —  on  the  approach  of  the 
Janisaries,  Gripe  applies  a  ladder  to  the  wall  of  his 
house,  and  conceals  himself  in  a  window  —  the  Jani- 
saries draw  up  the  bucket  of  the  well  —  Lively  ap- 
pears in  it  dressed  in  the  Mufti's  cloak  and  turban  — 
the  Janisaries  in  their  fright  throw  down  the  ladder, 
and  run  off—  Lively,  Harriet  and  Jenny,  having  re- 
covered the  basket,  prepare  to  set  off  for  Europe  — 
Hunks  and  Gripe  implore  their  assistance  ;  which 
they  obtain  on  certain  conditions  -  this  is  a  pretty 


c.  c;.    1774-1775.  if]  > 

good  musical  Farce  by  O'Hara — it  is  professedly 
borrowed  from  the  French—and  is  better  calculated 
for  representation  than  perusal. 

24.  As  you  like  it.  Jaques  =  Barry  :  Orlando  = 
Lewis  :  Adam  =  Lee,  being  their  2d  appearance  in 
those  characters  :  Touchstone  =  Shuter  :  Amiens  = 
Mattocks:  Oliver  —  Wroughton  :  Duke  Sen.  =  Hull : 
Duke  Frederick  =  Fearon :  Rosalind  =  Mrs.  Barry: 
Celia  (with  the  Cuckoo  Song)  =  Mrs.  Mattocks : 
Audrey  —  Mrs.  Pitt. 

28.  Rivals,  altered.  Sir  Lucius  OTrigger  = 
Clinch. 

Feb.  11.  Fair  Penitent — no  characters — the  cast 
was  probably  the  same  as  on  Nov.  10  177^,  with  the 
exception  of  Bensley  in  Horatio. 
15.  Revenge — see  April  21  1774. 
20.  Hamlet  =  Melmoth,  1st  time  :  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Melmoth,  1st  time. 

21  and  23.  Phaedra  and  Hippolitus— no  charac- 
ters—the cast  was  probably,  Theseus  =  Barry  :  Hip- 
politus =  Lewis :  Lycon  =  Lee :  Phaedra  —  Mrs.  Barry : 
Ismena  =  Mr8.  Bulkley.  (Bell.) 

March  2.  Never  acted,  Cleonice,  Princess  of  Bi- 
thynia.  Pharri aces  =  Lewis  :  Lycomedes  (King  of 
Bithynia)  —  Bensley  :  Artabasus  (King  ofPontus)  = 
Barry  :  Orontes  (Prince  of  the  blood  of  Bithynia)  — 
Lee :  Teramenes  (General  of  Bithynia)  =  Hull : 
Agenor  (friend  to  Pharnaces)  =  Whitfield :  Cleonice 
=  Mrs.  Hartley  :  Arsinoe  (daughter  to  Teremenes)  = 
Miss  Dayes  : — the  scene  lies  in  a  city  on  the  frontiers 
of  Bithynia,  and  in  the  adjacent  country — Pharna- 
ces, the  Prince  of  Pontus,  had  joined  the  Bithynians 
under  the  assumed  name  of  Arsetes — he  had  fallen 


464  c.  G.  1774-1775. 

in  love  with  Cleonice,  and  Cleonice  with  him — at 
the  opening  of  the  play,  the  truce  between  the  two 
Kings  is  on  the  point  of  expiring — Arsetes  wishes 
to  leave  the  Bithynians  without  discovering  who  he 
really  is — Lycomedes  is  informed  that  Pharnaces  is 
expected  in  his  father's  camp  before  night — Orontes 
offers  to  challenge  Pharnaces  to  single  combat — Ly- 
comedes proposes  that  Orontes  and  Arsetes  should 
draw  lots  to  decide  who  should  be  the  Bithynian 
champion — the  lot  falls  on  Arsetes — he  gives  Araxes 
the  dress  which  he  wears  as  Arsetes — Araxes  is 
killed  by  some  assassins — when  he  is  found  lying  on 
the  ground,  he  is  only  able  to  pronounce  the  name 
of  Pharnaces— Cleonice  concludes  that  Arsetes  had 
been  killed  by  Pharnaces — in  the  5th  act,  the  troops 
of  Artabasus  force  their  way  into  the  city — Lycome- 
des and  Cleonice  are  brought  in  in  chains— Artabasus 
takes  off  their  chains — he  declares  that  Arsetes  and 
Pharnaces  are  the  same  person — Pharnaces  fights 
with  Orontes  and  kills  him — the  play  ends  with  the 

union  of  Pharnaces  and  Cleonice this  is  a  poor 

T.  by  Hoole— the  plot  is  borrowed  from  Mrs.  Behn's 
Young  King,  (see  D.  G.  1679)  or  from  the  romance 
of  Cleopatra,  on  which  Mrs.  Behn  founded  her 
play. 

4.  Cleonice,  2d  time.  Barry  was  laid  up  with  the 
gout — Hull  (whose  superintendence  of  the  Rehearsals 
had  made  him  acquainted  with  the  business  of  the 
play)  undertook  to  perform  Barry's  part  as  well  as 
he  could,  and  Booth  took  Hull's — a  handbill  was 
published  to  this  effect,  and  the  indulgence  of  the 
audience  requested. 

18.  Mrs.   Barry's  bt.  Never  acted,   Edward  and 


C.G.  1774-1775.  465 

Eleanora.  Edward  (Prince  of  England)  =  Lewis  : 
Selim  (Sultan  of  Jaffa)  =  Bensley  :  Theald  (Arch- 
deacon of  Liege)  =  Clarke  :  Gloster  =  Hull :  Eleanora 
=  Mrs.  Barry :  Daraxa  (an  Arabian  Princess,  con- 
tracted to  Selim)  =  Mrs.  Mattocks: Barry  was 

to  have  played  Selirn,  but  he  continued  ill — the  scene 
lies  in  Edward's  camp  before  Jaffa,  a  city  on  the 
coast  of  Palestine — Edward  is  stabbed  by  an  assas- 
sin with  a  poisoned  dagger — the  circumstances  of  the 
case  are  such,  that  Selim  is  suspected  of  having  em- 
ployed the  assassin — Daraxa,  who  is  a  prisoner  in 
the  English  camp,  suggests  to  Eleanora,  that  the  only 
mode  of  cure  is  by  sucking  the  wound,  but  that  the 
person,  who  performed  the  cure,  would  die — Eleanora 
sucks  the  wound,  while  her  husband  is  asleep — Ed- 
ward on  his  recovery  finds  Eleanora  in  a  dying  state 
— Selim  is  indignant  at  the  imputation  which  had 
been  thrown  on  his  character — he  disguises  himself 
as  a  Dervise,  and  saves  Eleanora  from  death — at  the 
conclusion  of  the  play,  Theald  is  become  Pope— 

and  Edward,    King   of  England this  is    on  the 

whole  a  good  T.— in  1739  (see  C.  G.  March  29)  it 
was  prohibited  by  the  Licenser — it  was  now  brought 
out  with  slight,  but  judicious  alterations,  by  Hull 
— the  scenes  between  Edward  and  Eleanora  are 
affecting  ;  and  when  Selirn  vindicates  himself  in  the 
5th  act  the  dialogue  is  more  animated  than  is  usual 
with  Thomson— Thomson  has  very  properly  bor- 
rowed what  he  could  from  the  Alcestis  of  Euripides, 
a  play  on  a  similar  subject—the  conjugal  heroism  of 
Eleanora  is  not  true  in  point  of  fact,  (see  Rapin) 
but  as  the  story  was  popular,  it  was  well  adapted  to 

VOL.    V.  H    H 


466  c.  G.   1774-1775. 

the  stage —Hull  seems  to  have  taken  the  story  for 
Gospel — an  excellent  Epilogue  was  written  by  Sheri- 
dan and  spoken  by  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

20.  Woodward's  bt.  Suspicious  Husband.  Ranger 
=  Wood  ward:  Strictland  =  Clarke,  1st  time:  Frankly 
=  Lewis  :  Bellamy  izWroughton  :  Jack  Meggot  = 
Lee  Lewes  :  Tester  =  Quick  :  Clarinda=  Mrs.  Barry, 
1st  time  :  Mrs.  Strictland  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Jacintha 
=  Mrs.  Lessingham  :  Lucetta=:Mrs.  Green. 

23.  Cleonice,  9th  time— for  the  author— Hull's 
name  was  still  in  the  bill— Barry  did  not  act  after 
the  1st  night. 

27.  Barry's  bt.     Edward  and  Eleanora,  2d  time. 
Selimn Barry,  1st  time. 

28.  Sh liter's  bt.     As  you  like  it,  and  Two  Misers, 
14th  time.     Harriet  =  Miss  Brown  : — end  of  act  3d 
— Cries   of  London  by   Shuter  —  end   of  the  play 
Shuter  will  speak  an  Epilogue  riding  on  an  Ass — 
end  of  the  Farce,  Shuter  will  (by  particular  desire) 
speak  his  observations  in  his  Post  haste  Journey  to 
Paris. 

April  1.  Clarke's  bt.  Henry  2d,  and  Romance  of 
an  Hour,  9th  time. 

3.  Bensley's  bt.     Distressed  Mother,  8th  time. 

4.  Lee's  bt.     She  Stoops  to  Conquer,  with  (never 
acted  there)  an  exact  representation  of  the  Jubilee 
at  Stratford  upon  Avon — in  the  comic  scenes  will  be 
introduced  various  songs  as  they  were  sung  there — 
in  act  2d  a  Statue  of  Shakspeare  will  be  erected, 
and  the  Ode  recited  with  proper  airs  and  choruses 
— Drunken  man  and  Steward  of  the  Jubilee  by  Lee. 

8.  Lewis'  bt.  Not  acted  14  years,  Douglas. 
Douglas^  Lewis:  Old  Norval  =  Clarke  :  Glenalvon 


c.  o.  1774-1775.  4f>7 

=  Bensley:  Lord  Randolph  =  Wroughton  :  Lady 
Randolph  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  —  with  Apprentice,  by 
Woodward. 

19.  Busy  Body.  Miranda  =  Airs.  Lessingham, 
1st  time. 

22.  Mrs.  Bulkley's  bt.  Theodosius.  Varanes  = 
Barry  :  Theodosius  =  Lewis  :  Marcian  =  Clarke  : 
Leontine  =  Hull :  Athanais^  Mrs.  Barry  :  Pulcheria 
=  Mrs.  Bulkley  : — with,  not  acted  12  years,  Lyar. 
Young  Wilding  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Papillion  =  Quick  : 
Miss  Gran tham  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

25.  Reinhold's   bt.      Artaxerxes.      Arbaces   (for 
that  night  only)  — Leoni,  his  1st  appearance. 

26.  Hull's  bt.     Edward  and  Eleanora,  4th  time. 
Selim  =  Barry,  3d  time  : — he  played  Selim  for  the 
4th  time  on  May  1st. 

28.  Dunstall's  bt.  Love  in  a  Village,  with,  not 
acted  20  years,  What  d'ye  call  it  ?  Thomas  Filbert 
—  Shuter  :  Timothy  Peascod  =  Woodward  :  Sir 
Roger  =  Dunstall:  Kitty  Carrot  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

May  2.  Clinch's  bt.  Alexander  the  Great.  Alex- 
ander =  Clinch  :  Clytus  =  Clarke  :  Lysimachus  = 
Hull :  Hephestion  =  Wroughton  :  Statira  =  Mrs. 
Hartley:  Roxana^Mrs.  Melmoth  : — with  (for  that 
night  only)  a  new  Farce,  called  St.  Patrick's  Day, 
or  the  Scheming  Lieutenant.  Lieutenant  O'Connor 
=  Clinch  :  Dr.  Rosy  =  Quick  :  Justice  Credulous  = 
Lee  Lewes  :  Serjeant  Trounce  =  Dunstall :  Bridget 
(the  Justice's  wife)  =  Mrs.  Pitt :  Lauretta  (his  daugh- 
ter) =  Miss  Brown  : — O'Connor  and  Lauretta  are 
mutually  in  love — the  Justice  is  very  averse  from 
their  union — the  Lieutenant  is  recommended  by  Dr. 
Rosy  to  Credulous  as  a  servant — he  calls  himself 

H    H  2 


468  c.  G.  1774-1775. 

Humphrey  Hum — the  Justice  discovers  him — O'Con- 
nor writes  a  letter  to  Credulous  in  which  he  says  that 
he  had  put  poison  into  his  chocolate — the  Justice 
believes  himself  poisoned — Dr.  Rosy  tells  him  that 
he  is  dying— the  Lieutenant  assumes  the  disguise  of 
a  German  Quack — he  promises  to  cure  the  Justice 
on  condition  of  marrying  Lauretta — the  Justice  con- 
sents—this Farce  was  successful — it  is  a  trifle,  much 
better  calculated  for  representation  than  perusal — it 
was  written  by  R.  B.  Sheridan — see  Moore's  Life  of 
Sheridan  Vol.  1  p.  148-9. 

3.  Rivals,    14th  time.     Lydia   Languish  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks,  1st  time. 

4.  Stratagem.     Archer  =  Lewis,  1st  time  :  Scrub 
=  Quick. 

5.  Miss    Barsanti's    bt.       Suspicious    Husband. 
Strictl and  =  Hull,  1st  time: — Miss  Barsanti  apolo- 
gizes at  the  bottom  of  the  bill  for  not  acting,  as  she 
was  ill  and  had  met  with  a  family  misfortune. 

6.  For  bt.  of  Lee  Lewes.     Provoked  Husband. 
Lord  To wnly= Barry:  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

8.  Rivals,  14th  time.      Lydia  Languish  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks  : — seemingly  put  off  on  the  3d. 

9.  Quick's  bt.  Love  for  Love.    Foresight  =  Quick, 
1st  time:  Trapland  =  Massey,  1st  appearance  there 
for  8  years  : — rest  as  before— end  of  the  play  Hip- 
pisley's  Drunken  Man  by  Massey — with,  3d  time, 
St.  Patrick's  Day. 

11.  Conscious  Lovers.     Indiana  =  Mrs.  Bulkley. 

13.  Miss  Wilde's  bt.  As  you  like  it,  with  Country 
Madcap,  by  Miss  Wilde. 

15.  For  bt.  of  Wilde,  Prompter,  and  Miss  Brown. 
Theodosius.  Athanais=:Mrs.  Mattocks,  1st  time. 


HAY.   1775. 

17-  For  bt.  of  Whitfield,  and  Mrs.  Pitt.  Henry 
4th.  Hotspur^ Whitfield,  1st  time:  King  =  Clarke: 
— rest  as  before—with  Englishman  in  Paris. 

18.  Miss  Macklin's  bt.  Macklin  acted  Shylock, 
and  Sir  Archy. 

20.  Cymbeline.     Jachimo  =  Bensley,  1st  time. 

25.  Richard  3d  =  Macklin,  1st  time:  Queen = Mrs. 
Mattocks. 

29.  Macklin  acted  Shylock,  and  Sir  Archy. 

June  1.  Macklin's  bt.  Richard  3d  =  Macklin,  2d 
time  : — with  St.  Patrick's  Day,  6th  time — last  bill. 
(Bills  from  B.  M.) 


HAY.  1775. 

Foote  produced  no  new  piece  of  his  own  writing. 

May  15.  Devil  upon  Two  Sticks,  and  Author. 

19.  Cozeners.  Betsy  Blossom  =.  Mrs.  Wilson,  her 
1st  appearance  there  :  —  with  Virgin  Unmasked. 
Blister  =  Wilson  :  Miss  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Wilson: — Mrs. 
Wilson  was  originally  Miss  Adcock,  and  at  onetime 
Mrs.  Weston — in  1773  she  engaged  under  Wilkin- 
son, and  acted  Lucy  Lockit,  Miss  Notable,  &c.  with 
great  and  deserved  applause. 

22.  Nabob.      Foote  —  Weston  —  Wilson  —  Mrs 
Gardner. 

26.  Minor.     Smirk  and  Mrs.  Cole  =  Foote:  Shift 


470  HAY.  1775. 

(with  Imitations)  —  Bannister  :  Minor  =  J.  Aikin  : 
Lucy  =  Mrs.  Wilson : — with  Mayor  of  Garratt.  Major 
Sturgeon  =  Foote  :  Jerry  Sneak  =  Weston  :  Mrs. 
Sneak  =  Mrs.  Gardener. 

June  21.  Maid  of  Bath.     Sir  Christopher  Cripple 
=  Wilson  :  Miss  Linnet  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

July  7-  Eldred,  or  the  British  Freeholder,  1st  time. 
Eldred  =  Jackson  :  Elidure  (his  son)  =  Dimond,  his 
1st  appearance  there  :  Brennus  (a  military  officer  of 
rank)  =  Whitfield :  Locrine  (a  British  chief)  — 
Fearon  :  Edwena  (his  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Jackson, 
from  Dublin  : — the  scene  lies  in  Cambria— at  the 
time  when  Hengist  and  Vortimer  were  at  war— 
Edwena  had  been  saved  from  drowning  by  Elidure 
— her  gratitude  ripened  into  love — and,  notwithstand- 
ing  the  disparity  of  their  births,  she  had  privately 
married  him — here  the  play  begins — Locrine  wants 
his  daughter  to  marry  Brennus — Eldred  had  inherited 
a  little  freehold  near  to  Locrine's  house — Locrine 
had  repeatedly  pressed  him  to  sell  it,  and  Eldred  had 
repeatedly  refused  to  do  so — Brennus  offers  to  put 
Locrine  into  possession  of  the  freehold  in  spite  of 
Eldred — he  causes  Eldred  to  be  seized  by  his  soldiers, 
and  accuses  him  of  treason — Edwena  interposes 
with  her  father  in  favour  of  Eldred — she  acknow- 
ledges that  Elidure  is  her  husband — Locrine  re- 
nounces all  intercourse  with  her — Eldred  is  thrown 
into  prison  by  the  order  of  Brennus — Brennus  tells 
Edwena  that  Elidure  is  killed — he  offers  to  release 
Eldred,  if  Edwena  will  marry  him — he  threatens  to 
put  Eldred  to  death,  if  she  should  refuse—just  as 
Brennus  is  going  to  put  his  threat  into  execution, 
Elidure  and  his  friends  burst  open  the  gates— Elidure 


HAY.    1775. 

and  Brennus  fight — Brennus  falls — Elidure  between 
the  3d  and  5th  acts  had  killed  a  Saxon  champion, 
and  thereby  paved  the  way  for  a  victory  which  Vor- 
timer  had  gained  over  the  Saxons—  Vortimer  had 
appointed  Elidure  to  command  the  troops  under 
Brenri us -~  Brennus'  secret  league  with  Hengist 

having  been  discovered this  T.  was  written  by 

Jackson  the  actor — Eldred  is  rather  an  interesting 
character  —  some  passages  are  good— but  on  th<; 
whole  this  is  a  poor  play — the  language  is  frequently 
far-fetched  and  unnatural — for  instance  — 


Then  let  not  my  weak  lamp 


"  Pollute  that  brightness  with  its  dying  smother, 
"  But  twinkling  sink  unnotic'd  in  its  socket." 

Eldred  means  that  Edwena  should  not  endanger 

her  own  life  to  save  his that  part  of  the  plot  which 

concerns  Eldred  and  his  freehold  seems  to  have  been 
borrowed  from  the  story  of  Naboth  and  his  vineyard. 

10.  Eldred,  2d  time,  with  Devil  to  Pay.  Sir  John 
Loverule  =  Brett :  Jobson  =  Wilson  :  Nell  =  Mrs. 
Wilson. 

13.  For  the  author.  Eldred,  with  Catharine  and 
Petruchio. 

19.  By  Command.  Bankrupt.  Margin  (probably) 
=  Wilson  :  Lydiam  Mrs.  Wilson. 

August  7«  Rehearsal.  Bayes  =  Foote :  other  cha- 
racters by  Weston,  Wilson,  &c. — with  Cross  Pur- 
poses. Grub  =  Wilson  :  Mrs.  Grub  =  Mrs.  Gardiner. 

9.  Commissary  =  Foote :  Mrs.  Loveit  —  Air. 
Wilson. 

26.  Metamorphoses.     Fabio  and  Perez  (servants 


472  HAY.   1775. 

to  Ly sander)  =  Bannister  and  Weston  :  Don  Pedro 
=  Wilson :  Lysander  (in  love  with  Marcella)  =  Brett : 
Marcella  (in  love  with  Lysander)  =  Mrs.  Jewell : 
Juletta  (her  woman)  =  Mrs.  Weston :  (perhaps  Wil- 
son)—the  scene  lies  at  Seville — Don  Pedro  wants  to 
marry  Marcella  who  is  his  ward — she  pretends  to  con- 
sent—Fabio  assumes  various  disguises — Perez  from 
simplicity  betrays  his  master's  secrets  to  Don  Pedro 
— in  the  last  scene  Juletta  enters  disguised  and  veiled 
— she  implores  Don  Pedro  to  protect  her  from  her 
husband  who  had  threatened  to  kill  her — Lysander 
enters  as  the  husband — he  affects  to  lay  aside  his 
anger  at  Don  Pedro's  request — Marcella  comes  on 
with  Juletta's  veil — Don  Pedro  gives  her  to  Lysander 
—they  make  their  escape — Don  Pedro  is  ready  to 
hang  himself— this  is  a  moderate  Opera  in  2  acts— 
Dibdin  in  his  advertisement  acknowledges  that  he 
borrowed  the  character  of  Perez  from  George  Dan- 
din,  and  the  catastrophe  from  the  Sicilian  of  Moliere 
— Oulton  says,  that  this  Opera  came  out  Aug.  26 
1776— but  this  must  be  a  mistake  as  Weston  died  in 
the  Jan.  of  that  year. 

Sept.  8.  Dutchman,  4th  time.  Dutchman  =  Ban- 
nister :  Sir  William  (in  love  with  Sophy)  =  Brett : 
Thomas  (his  servant)  =  Wilson  :  Miss  Sophy  (ward 
to  the  Dutchman,  and  in  love  with  Sir  William)  = 
Miss  Weller  :  Lettice  (her  woman)  =  Mrs.  Wilson  : 
Dutchman's  Wife  —  Mrs.  Love  :  —  the  Dutchman 
makes  love  to  Sophy — she  makes  her  escape  in  the 
dress  of  the  Wife — the  Wife  forces  the  Dutchman  to 
give  his  consent  to  the  union  of  Sir  William  and 
Sophy — this  musical  Entertainment  was  written  by 
Brydges — it  is  a  poor  piece. 


BATH  1774-1775.  473 

BATH,  1774.1775. 

Sept.  28.  School  for  Wives.     Belville  =  Render- 
son  :  Torrington  =  Blisset :  Capt.  Savage  =  Didier. 

29.  Chances.  Don  John  =  Henderson  :  1st  Con- 
stantia  =  Miss  Mansell. 

Oct.  15.  Chances,  and  Hob  in  the  Well.  Hob  = 
Edwin. 

20.  Richard  the  3d.  Richard  =  Henderson :  Tres- 
sel  Dimond  :  Queen  =  Miss  Mansell : — with  Regis- 
ter Office.  Frenchman  =  Didier  :  Mrs.  Doggerel  = 
Mrs.  Didier. 

25.  Merry  Wives.     Falstaff  =  Brookes  :  Ford  = 
Henderson  :  Sir   Hugh  Evans  =  Edwin  :  Dr.  Caius 
=  Didier :  Shallow  =  Blisset :   Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs. 
Didier  :  Anne  Page  =  Miss  Summers  : — with  Wa- 
terman.    Robin  =  Edwin. 

29.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Hender- 
son :  Heartfree  =  Didier:  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs. 
Didier  :  Lady  Brute  =  Miss  Mansell : — with  Trip  to 
Scotland.  Griskin  =  Edwin :  Jemmy  Twinkle  = 
Didier  :  Miss  Griskin  =  Mrs.  Didier. 

Nov.  22.  Cymon.  Dorus  =  Edwin  :  Fatima  = 
Mrs.  Didier. 

24.  Henderson  acted  Posthumus. 

26.  Rehearsal.     Bayes  =  Henderson  :  Gentleman 
Usher  =  Edwin  : — with  Portrait.     Pantaloon  =  Ed- 
win : — Henderson  spoke^Garrick's  Prologue  on  his 
return  to  England. 

Dec.  1-6  and  10.  Henderson  acted  Hamlet,  Post- 
humus,  and  Don  John. 

20.  Henderson  acted  Hamlet — and  Comus  on  27. 


474  BATH   1774-1775. 

21.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Shylock  =  Henderson  : 
Bassanio  =  Dimond:  Launcelot  =  Edwin:  Portia 
=  Miss  Mansell. 

29.  Lionel  and  Clarissa.  Col.  Oldboy  =  Edwin  : 
— with  Commissary.  Zachary  Fungus  :=  Didier :  Mrs. 
Loveit  =  Mr.  Edwin. 

Jan.  3.  Spanish  Fryar.  Dominic  =  Brookes  :  Go- 
mez =  Edwin:  Torrismond  =  Dimond  :  Lorenzo  = 
Henderson:  Queen  =  Miss  Mansell:  Elvira  =  Mrs. 
Didier  : — repeated  on  the  17th. 

5.  Richard  the  3d  •=.  Henderson  : — with  Romance 
of  an  Hour.  Sir  Hector  Strangeways  =  Edwin  : 
Brownlow  =  Dimond  :  Bussora  =  Didier :  Lady 
Di.  Strangeways  —  Mrs.  Didier. 

10.  Henderson  acted  Shylock  :  —  with  Country 
Wife.  Pinch  wife  =  Blisset. 

12.  Not  acted  14  years,  Careless  Husband.  Sir 
Charles  Easy  (probably)  =  Henderson. 

24.  For  bt.  of  Keasberry.  Fair  Penitent.  Lo- 
thario =  Dimond  :  Horatio  =  Keasberry  :  Sciolto  = 
Henderson  :  Calista  =  Miss  Mansell. 

Feb.  9.  Henry  2nd.  King  Henry  =  Henderson  : 
Prince  Henry  =  Didier :  Clifford  =  Dimond  :  Rosa- 
mond =  Miss  Mansell :  — with  Deserter.  Skirmish 
=  Ed  win, 

14.  Choleric  ?tl  an.  Nightshade  =  Blisset :  Charles 
Manlove  =  Dim  on  d  :  Jack  Nightshade  =  Edwin  : 
Lsetitia  =  Mrs.  Didier. 

23.  Matilda.  Morcar  =  Henderson  :  Edwin  = 
Dimond  :  Matilda  =  Miss  Mansell  :  —  repeated 
March  14. 

May  9.  Dimond's  bt.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier 
=  Dimond:  Pierre = Henderson  :  Renau1t=Blisset : 


BATH   1774-1775.  4-75 

Belvidera  =  Miss  Marisell : — with  Rival  Candidates. 
General  Worry  =  Blisset :  Spy  =  Edwin. 

The  bills  are  very  defective. 

Miss  Linley  in  a  letter  to  Mrs.  Sheridan — dated 
March  9  1775 — gives  us  the  cast  of  the  Rivals  at 
Bath — Sir  Anthony  Absolute  =  Edvvin  :  Capt.  Abso- 
lute =  Didier  :  Faulkland  =  Dimond :  (a  new  actor  of 
great  merit,  and  a  sweet  figure)  Acres  =  Keasberry  : 
Sir  Lucius  O'Trigger  =  Jackson  :  Fag  =  Brunsdon  : 
Mrs.  Malaprop  =  Mrs.  Wheeler :  Lydia  Languish  = 
Miss  Wheeler :  (literally  a  very  pretty  romantic  girl 
of  seventeen)  Julia  =  Mrs.  Didier :  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Brett:— the  play  was  acted  very  well — except  the 
part  of  Julia,  which  did  riot  suit  Mrs.  Didier — the 
critics  all  agreed  that  they  never  saw  better  acting 
than  Keasberry 's. 

Miss  Linley  says  on  the  22d  of  Aug. — "  tell  Sheri- 
"  dan  his  play  has  been  acted  at  Southampton — above 
"  100  people  were  turned  away  the  first  night — they 
"  say  there  never  was  any  thing  so  universally  liked 
" — they  have  very  good  success  at  Bristol,  and  have 
"  played  the  Rivals  several  times — Miss  Bur^mti, 
"  Lydia  ;  and  Mrs.  Canning,  Julia." 

Mrs.  Canning  had  at  one  time  such  a  friendship 
for  Reddish  that  she  assumed  his  name — she  cer- 
tainly acted  at  Bristol,  and  probably  at  other  theatres, 
as  Mrs.  Reddish — but  she  must  be  distinguished  from 
Mrs.  Reddish,  who  played  at  D.  L.  in  1770-1771, 
and  who  was  Reddish's  wife — Mrs.  Canning  before 
she  left  the  stage,  had  gone  down  in  her  profession  ; 
when  she  was  in  the  Birmingham  Company,  31  r<. 
Fulmer  was  said  to  be  her  best  part— she  enjoyed 


4<76  LIVERPOOL   BILLS    1775. 

her  pension  till  March  1827 — at  the  time  of  her 
death  she  was  Mrs.  Hunn. 


LIVERPOOL  BILLS  1775. 

June  12.  Venice  Preserved.  Pierre  =  Clinch : 
Bel videra  =  Miss  Mansell : — with  Lying  Valet  =Lee 
Lewes  :  Kitty  Pry  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

17.  Othello  =  Wroughton  :  lago  =  Moody  :  Desde- 
monazi  Miss  Mansell :  Mm  ilia  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

21.  Jealous  Wife.  Major  Oakly  =  Shuter  :  Lord 
Trinket  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Lady  Freelove  =  Mrs.  Pitt : 
=  with  Miss  in  her  Teens.  Flash  =  Lee  Lewes. 

24.  Edward  and  Eleanora  =  Wroughton,  and  Mrs. 
Mattocks  :  Selim  =  Clinch. 

26.  Macklin  acted  Shylock,  and  Mrs.  Pitt,  Mrs. 
Grub. 

30.  Richard  3d.  (for  that  night  only)  =  Macklin : 
Duchess  of  York  =  Mrs.  Barrington. 

July  7.  Macklin  acted  Macbeth  for  his  bt. 

14.  Choleric  Man.  Nightshade  =  Moody:  Jack 
=  Lee  Lewes  :  Lsetitia  =  Miss  Mansell. 

21.  Moody  acted  Sir  Francis  Wronghead. 

22.  Jane  Shore.     Gloster  =  Moody :  Alicia  =  Miss 
Mansell. 

26.  Braganza  =  Clinch  :  Velasquez  =  Wroughton : 
Duchess  =  Miss  Mansell. 


LIVERPOOL   BILL8V1775.  477 

Aug.  4.  Mrs.  Harrington's  bt.  Grecian  Daughter. 
Phocion  =  Lee  Lewes: — with  Hob  in  the  Well. 
Hob  =  Moody  :  Hob's  Mother  =  Mrs.  Barrington. 

16.  Shuter's  bt.  Henry  4th.  Falstaff  =  Shuter: 
King  =  Moody  :  Prince  =  Lee  Lewes: — with  Citizen. 
Old  Philpot=  Shuter :  Young  Philpot^:  Lee  Lewes. 

18.  Hypocrite.  Col.  Lambert  =  Lee  Lewes  : 
Charlotte  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

23.  Twin  Rivals.  Elder  Wou'dbe  =  Clinch: 
Younger  Wou'dbe  =  Lee  Lewes :  Trueraan  =  Wrough- 
ton  :  Aurelia=:  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

25.  Clinch's  bt.  Rivals.  Sir  Anthony  Absolute  = 
Lee  Lewes  :  Capt.  Absolute  =  Clinch  :  Sir  Lucius  = 
Moody :  Julia  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Lydia  =  Miss 
Brown:  Mrs.  Malaprop  =  Mrs.  Pitt: — with  St. 
Patrick's  Day. 

Sept.  6.  Miss  ManselPs  bt.  Matilda.  Edwin  = 
Wroughton  :  Matilda— Miss  Mansell : — with  High 
Life.  Kitty  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

8.  Wroughton's  bt.  Winter's  Tale.  Leontes  = 
Wroughton  :  Clown  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Hermione  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks  : — and  Tom  Thumb.  King  Arthur  = 
Moody. 

11.  Distressed  Mother.  Hermione  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks. 

13.  Refusal.  Sir  Gilbert  Wrangle  =  Lee  Lewes: 
Charlotte  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — with  Harlequin  Statue, 
or  the  Devil  in  the  Wine  Cellar.  Harlequin  =  Lee 

Lewes  : Mattocks  in  the  next  bill  inserted   an 

apology — he  was  sorry  for  the  disturbance — feared 
some  of  the  audience  expected  a  Pantomime,  but  the 
bills  expressed  a  Farce— it  was  acted  as  at  C.  G.,  &c. 


478  *>.  L.  1775-1776. 

the  piece  seems  to  have  been  Hill's  Farce  with 

alterations. 

15.  Last  night.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Mattocks.  All's 
well  that  ends  well.  Parolles  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Ber- 
tram =  Wroughton  :  Countess  =  Miss  Mansell : 
Helena  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :— with  Ladies'  Frolick. 
(From  Mr.  Field.) 


D.  L.  1775-1776. 

The  theatre  is  said  to  have  undergone  considerable 
alterations  —it  was  opened  with  a  contemptible  Pre- 
lude attributed  to  Garrick,  and  called  the  Theatrical 
Candidates.  Mercury  =:  Vernon :  Harlequin  = 
Dodd  :  Tragedy  =  Mrs.  Smith :  Comedy  =  Mrs. 
Wrighten :— when  Tragedy  enters,  she  says  her  name 
is  Melpomene  and  immediately  sings  a  song — Harle- 
quin solicits  the  Pit  for  their  votes  and  interest. 

Tragedy.  What  falPn  so  low  to  cope  with  thee  ? 
Harlequin.     Oui  — Oui ! 
Comedy.     Alas  !  poor  We. 

Sept.  23.  Theatrical  Candidates  —  Brothers. 
Belfield  Jun.  =  Palmer  : — and  Miller  of  Mansfield 
by  Moody. 

28.  Venice  Preserved.     Jaffier  =  Reddish  :  Pierre 


D.  L.  1775-1776.  479 

rz  Bensley,  his  1st  appearance  there  for  8  years  :  — 
with  Lyar.  Young  Wilding  =  Palmer  :  Papillion  = 
Parsons. 

Oct.  5.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour.  Kitely  — 
Garrick :  Master  Stephen  =  Weston  :  —the  play  seems 
to  have  been  changed — see  Dec.  18. 

10.  Grecian  Daughter.     Evander  =  Bensley :  Phi- 
lotas  =  Reddish. 

11.  Smith  acted  Leon. 

12.  Jane  Shore.     Hastings  =  Smith  :    Shore  = 
Reddish:  Jane  Shore  =  Mrs.  Yates :    Alicia  =  Miss 
Younge. 

13.  As  you  like  it.     Rosalind  —  Mrs.    King,   her 
1st  appearance  there  :  she  came  from  York,  and  was 
so  well  received,   that    Garrick    to    mortify   Miss 
Younge,  exerted  his  interest  at  Court  to  have  As  you 
like  it  ordered,  and  Mrs.  King  was  put  in  the  bills  as 
Rosalind  by  Command — she  acted  Lady  Macbeth 
Jan.  19,  and  Lady  Fanciful  Jan.  31,  on  the  sudden 
illness  of  Mrs.  Yates  and  Mrs.  Abington,  but  still 
she  only  played  principal  parts  when  necessity  re- 
quired—she continued  at  D.  L.  but  one  season,  and 
her  ill   success  there  hurt   her   on  her  return    to 
York — ( Wilkinson)—  see  Irish   Stage  Crow   Street 
1772-1773. 

14.  Distressed  Mother. 

17.  Othello.     Othello  =.  Grist,  his  1st  appearance 
on  any  stage  :  lago  =  Bensley  :    Cassio  =  Palmer  : 
Desdemona  =  Miss  Younge. 

18.  By  Command.     As  you  like  it.     Rosalind  = 
Mrs.  King,  2d  time. 

20.  Stratagem.     Archer  =  King :  Scrub  =  Weston. 

21.  Conscious   Lovers.      Young  Bevil  =  Smith  : 


480  D.  L.  1775-1776. 

Cimberton  =  Parsons  :  Phillis=zMrs.  Abington,  1st 
time  :  (rest  as  before) — with  Bon  Ton.  Lady  Mini- 
kin =  Mrs.  King : — Miss  Pope  was  not  engaged. 

23.  Smith  acted  Hamlet. 

24.  Not  acted   6   years,  School  for    Lovers.     Sir 
John   Dorilant  =  Reddish  :    Modely  =  Doddr   Bell- 
mour  — Palmer,  being  their  1st  appearance   in  those 

^characters  :*  Cselia  —  Young  Lady,   her  1st  appear- 
ance :    Araminta  =  Mrs.   King  :    Lady  Beverley  = 
Mrs.  Hopkins. 

25.  Zara.     Osman=  Reddish:    Lusignan  =  Gar- 
rick:  Zara  =  Miss   Younge  : — with   Rival   Candi- 
dates. 

26.  Provoked  Husband.     Sir  Francis  Wronghead 
=  Yates. 

27.  Way  of  the  World.      Mrs.   Marwood  =  Miss 
Sherry:    Mrs.   Fainall  =  Mrs.    Greville  : — rest  as 
before. 

28.  Fair  Penitent,  with,  never  acted,  May  Day,  or 
the  Little  Gipsy.     Farmer  Furrow  =  Parsons  :    Wil- 
liam (his  son)  =  Vernon  :  Clod  (his  servant)  =  Ban- 
nister :  Dozey  (the  parish  clerk)  =  Weston  :    Little 
Gipsy  =  Miss  Abrams,  her  1st  appearance   on  any 
stage  :  Dolly  (Furrow's  daughter)  =  Mrs,  Wrighten  : 
— a  gentleman  had  left  a  legacy  to  the  couple  who 
shall  be  married  upon  certain  conditions  on  the    1st 
of  May — Furrow  wants  to  marry  the  Little  Gipsy,  and 
to  claim  the  legacy — she  declares  that  she  will  not 
marry  him,  till  he  has  made  his  son  happy— he  gives 
William  his  consent  to  choose  a  wife,  and  promises 


*  Dodd's  name  was  in  the  bill  for  Modely  May  7  1768. 


D.  L.   1775-177G.  481 

to  be  satisfied  with  his  choice — William  chooses  the 
Little  Gipsy,  with  whom  he  was  in  love,  as  she  was 
with  him— this  musical  trill,  is  attributed  toGarrick 
-Weston  made  his  last  appearance  in  Dozey— the 
Little  Gipsy  was  acted  for  the  6th  time  on  Nov.  the 
9th,  when  Weston's  name  was  not  in  the  bill. 

31.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Garrick  : 
Constant  =  Brereton,  1st  time  :  Heartfree  =  Bensley, 
1st  time:  Razor  =  Baddeley  :  Col.  Bully  — Vernon  : 
Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Lady  Brute  =  Miss 
Younger  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Greville  :  Mademoiselle  — 
Mrs.  Bradshaw. 

Nov.  1.  Cymbeline 3.  Braganza. 

4.  Tamerlane.     Arpasia=Mrs.  King,  1st  time. 

6.  (8-10-16-22)  Much  ado  about  Nothing.     Bene- 
dick =  Garrick  :  Claudio  =  Brereton,  1st  time  :  Bea- 
trice =  Mrs.  Abington,  1st  time. 

7.  Richard  3d  =  Smith  :  Lady  Anne  =  Miss  Sherry, 
1st  time. 

9.  Never  acted,  Old  City  Manners.  Touchstone 
=  Baddeley  :  Quicksilver  =  Dodd  :  Sir  Petronel 
Flash  =  Palmer  :  Golding  =  Brereton:  Security  = 
Parsons  :  Bramble  =  Hurst :  Capt.  Seagull  =  Bannis- 
ter :  Mrs.  Touchstone  =  Mrs.  Johnston  :  Gertrude 
=rMrs.  Wrighten  :  Mildred  =  Miss  P.  Hopkins: 
Winifred  =  Mrs.  Whitfield  : — this  is  an  alteration  of 
Eastward  Hoe,  and  every  thing  considered,  it  does 
Mrs.  Lennox  credit;  she  might  however  have  retained  a 
little  more  of  the  original  play  —the  principal  change 
which  she  has  made  in  the  plot  is,  that  the  marriage 
of  Sir  Petronel  and  Girtred  is  set  aside,  he  having  a 
former  wife  living — he  does  not  appear  in  the  5th 
act — Security  is  not  made  a  cuckold— for  the  plot 

VOL.  V.  I    I 


482  D.  L.   1775-1776. 

see  Cuckold's   Haven  T.  R.    1685 — for  a    cast   of 
Eastward  Hoe  see  D.  L.  Oct.  29  1751. 
18.  Measure  for  Measure. 

20.  Clandestine  Marriage.     Lord  Ogleby  =  King  : 
Sterling  =  Parson s  :  Lovewell  =  Breretori :  Sir  John 
Melvil  =:  Bensley  :    Canton  =  Baddeley  :    Brush  = 
Palmer :  Mrs.  Heidelberg  =  Mrs.    Hopkins  :     Miss 
Sterling  =  Mrs.  Greville  :  Fanny  =  Miss  P.  Hopkins. 

21.  Mourning  Bride.     Osmyn  =  Grist:    Zara  = 
Miss  Younge  :  Almeria  — Mrs.  Yates. 

23.  Not  acted  10  years,  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd 
not.     Trappanti  =  King  :    Don    Manuel  =  Yates  : 
Don  Philip  =  Bensley  :  Octavio  =  Brereton  :  Soto  — 
Baddeley :  Diego  =  Parsons  :  Hypolita  =  Mrs.  King  : 
Flora  =  Mrs.  Greville  :    Viletta  =  Mrs.  Davies  :    Ro- 
sara  =  Miss  Hopkins. 

24.  Love  in  a  Village.     Justice  Woodcock  =  Par- 
sons :  Hawthorn  =  Bannister  :  Hodge  =  King  :  Mar- 
gery =  Mrs.  Wrighten. 

25.  Alchemist.     Abel  Drugger  =  Garrick  :  Ana- 
nias =  Parsons  :  Tribulation  =  Waldron. 

28.  Maid  of  the  Oaks.  Hurry  =  Parsons  :  Maria 
=.  Miss  P.  Hopkins. 

Dec.  1.  Stratagem.  Archer  =  Garrick  :  Scrub  = 
Yates  :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Abington :  Cherry  = 
Miss  Jarratt. 

5.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Garrick  :  Copper  Captain 
=  King :  Cacafogo  =  Moody :  Estifania  =  Mrs. 
Abington  :  Margarita  =  Miss  Sherry  :  Old  Woman 
n:Mr.  Baddeley. 

7.  Macbeth.     Macbeth  =  Smith  :  MacdufF  =  Red- 
dish :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Yates. 

8.  Garrick  acted  Hamlet. 


D.  i..  i  rrw  483 

11.  Not  acted  3  years.     Plain  Dealer.      Manly  = 
Bensley,  1st  time  :  Jerry  Blackacre  =  Yates  :  Novel 
=  King  :  Lord  Plausible  =  Parsons :    Major  Oldfox 
=  Moody,  1st  time:  Vernish  =  Packer:    Quillet  = 
Baddeley  :    Freeman  =  Palmer  :    Widow  Blackacre 
=  Mrs.  Hopkins:  Fidelia  =  M iss  Younge  :  Olivia  = 
Mrs.  Greville,  1st  time. 

12.  Richard  the  3d  —  Smith  : — with,  never  acted, 
Sultau,  or  a  Peep  into  the  Seraglio.     Solyman  the 
Great  (Emperor  of  the  Turks)  =  Palmer :  Osmyn 
(chief  of  the  eunuchs)  =  Bannister  :  Roxalana  (an 
English  slave)  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Elmira  (the  Sul- 
tana) =  Mrs.  King  :  Ismena  (a  Persian  slave)  =  Mrs. 
Wrighten  : — the  Sultan  had  been  much  enamoured  of 
Elmira,  but  his  love  had  cooled — Osmyn  complains 
to  the   Sultan  that  Roxalana  is  ungovernable — the 
Sultan  represents  to  her  the  impropriety  of  her  con- 
duct—she treats  his  remonstrance  with  levity — he 
falls   in  love  with  her — she  at  last  gains  such  an 
influence  over  him,  that  he  makes  her  his  wife — this 
F.  is  attributed  to  Bickerstaffe — it  is  a  mere  trifle, 
but  as  such  not  bad — Mrs.  Abington  acted  admirably 
— there  is  a  pretty  good  Epilogue,  written  and  spoken 
by  her  at  Crow  Street  Dublin  in  1778,  after  playing 
Roxalana. 

14.  Garrick  acted  Lusignan. 

18.  Every  Man  in  his  Humour.  Kitely  =  Garrick, 
List  time  this  season  :   Master  Stephen  =  Dodd  :  Jus- 
tice Clement  =  Parsons:  Dame  Kitely  =  Mrs.  Gre- 
ville. 

19.  Gamester.     Stukely  =  Palmer  :    Lewson   = 
Brereton,  1st  time. 

20.  Garrick  acted  Leon. 

1 1  2 


484  D.  L.   1775-1776. 

23.  Stratagem.  Archer  =  Garrick  :  Scrub  = 
Dodd,  1st  time. 

26.  George  Barn  well  =  Brereton,  1st  time  :  Mil- 
wood  =:  Mrs.  King,  1st  time: — with,  not  acted  6 
years,  Jubilee. 

29.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Shylock  =  King:  An- 
thonio  i=  Reddish  :  Bassanio  =  Bensley  :  Gratiano  = 
Dodd:  Lorenzo  =  Vernon  :  Launcelot  =  Parsons,  1st 
time  :  Portia  =  Young  Lady,  her  1  st  appearance 
there  :  Nerissa  =  Mrs.  Davies  :  Jessica  =Miss  Jar- 
ratt : — the  Young  Lady  was  Mrs.  Siddons — she  was 
recommended  to  Garrick  by  Bate — he  had  seen  her 
at  Cheltenham  in  various  characters,  but  was  most 
struck  with  her  Rosalind.  (Boaden.} 

Jan.  2.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Portia  =Mrs.  Sid- 
dons,  her  2d  appearance. 

3.  Hypocrite.  Maw  worm  =  Parsons,  1st  time : 
Sey  ward  =  Brereton,  1st  time. 

8.  Old  City  Manners,  7th  time. 

13.  Not  acted  20  years,  Epicoene,  or  the  Silent 
Woman.  Morose  =  Bensley  :  True  wit  =  Palmer : 
Sir  Amorous  La  Fooler  King  :  Capt.  Otter  =  Yates: 
Sir  John  Daw  =  Parsons  :  Cutbeard  =  Baddeley  : 
Dauphine  =  Brereton :  Clerimont  •=.  Davies  :  Epicoene 
irMrs.  Siddons  :  Mrs.  Otter  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Lady 
Haughty  =  Miss  Sherry  :  Lady  Centaure  =  Mrs.  Da- 
vies  :  Mrs.  Mavis  —  Miss  Platt : — Mrs.  Siddons  acted 
Epicoene  on  the  15th  and  17th — on  the  23d  the  part 
was  given  to  Lamash,  and  his  name  stands  to  it  in 
the  play  as  printed — this  is  a  most  judicious  altera- 
tion by  Colman — he  had  begun  it  in  1767 — in  an 
advertisement  prefixed  to  it  he  speaks  of  the  excel- 
lence of  this  C.  and  the  cold  reception  it  met  with 


D.  L.    1775-177r>.  18.0 

idding  that  he  cannot  pay  the  modern  Critics  so 
high  a  compliment  as  to  suppose  it  incumbent  on 
him  to  defend  lien  Jonson  and  his  admirers  ;  or  to 
make  any  apology  for  having  with  the  kind  assistance 
of  Garrick  promoted  the  revival  of  Epiccene  ;  the 
perusal  of  which  he  recommends  in  the  closet  i-> 
those  acute  spirits  who  thought  it  unworthy  of  t ho- 
stage. 

"  We  think  our  fathers  fools,  so  wise  we  grow  ! 
"  Our  wiser  sons,  no  doubt,  will  think  us  so." 

He  might  have  added  from  Ben  Jonson — 
"  Art  has  an  enemy  called  Ignorance." 

And  from  Plautus — in  his  Prologue  to  Casina — 

"  Qui  utuntur  vino  veterey  sapientes  putoy 
"  Et  qui  libenter  veteres  spec t ant  Fabulas  ; 
"  Nam  nunc  nova  qua  prodeunt  Comcedia, 
"  Multo  sunt  nequiores,  quam  nummi  novi." 

Gifford  says — "  this  C.  was  first  acted  in  1609- 
"  after  Gibber's  retirement  and  the  death  of  Wilks, 
"  Booth,  &c.  who  had  often  delighted  the  town  in 
*'  this  play,  it  was  laid  aside  till  1776,  when  it  failed 
"  of  success  from  a  singular  circumstance — the  man- 
"  agers  most  injudiciously  gave  the  part  of  Epicoene 
"  to  a  woman  ;  so  that  when  she  threw  off  her  female 
"  attire  in  the  last  act,  and  appeared  as  a  boy,  the 
"  whole  cunning  of  the  scene  was  lost,  and  the  au- 
"  dience  felt  themselves  rather  trifled  with,  than  sur- 
"  prised  —  Garrick  was  immediately  sensible  of  his 
"  error,  and  attempted  to  remedy  it  by  a  dilloront 
"  cast  of  the  parts  j  but  it  was  too  late" — Gilford  is 


486  D.  L.   1775-1776. 

quite  wrong  in  supposing  that  the  Silent  Woman  had 
not  been  acted  after  the  retirement  of  Gibber,  &c. 
till  1776 — Garrick  was  injudicious  in  giving  the  cha- 
racter of  Epicoene  to  a  woman ;  his  reason  for  so 
doing,  was  doubtless  because  it  had  been  uniformly 
played  by  a  woman  from  1664 — it  is  clear  from  the 
cast  of  the  play  that  its  failure  was  not  owing  to  the 
actors  or  the  manager  —  the  fault  was  solely  in  the 
audience. 

Morose  has  such  an  abhorrence  of  all  noise  that 
he  instructs  his  servant  to  answer  him  by  signs — he 
has  taken  a  dislike  to  his  nephew,  Sir  Dauphine  Eu- 
genie, and  is  determined  to  marry — Cutbeard  recom- 
mends Epicoene  to  him,  as  being  a  Silent  Woman — 
Truewit,   in  the  2d  act,  does  his   utmost  to  deter 
Morose  from  marrying — his  attempt  only  accelerates 
Morose's  determination — Morose  wishes  to  keep  his 
wedding  privately,  but  all  the  D.  P.   assemble  at  his 
house — in  the  3d  act,  Epicoene  recovers  the  full  use 
of  her  tongue— Morose  is  very  desirous  of  a  divorce 
— Truewit  disguises  Cutbeard  as  a  civilian  and  Otter 
as  a  divine — they  talk  over  the  different  pleas  for  a 
divorce ;  but  none  of  them  seem   applicable  to  Mo- 
rose's  case — Morose  agrees  to  settle  £500  a  year  on 
his  nephew  during  his  life,  and  the  rest  of  his  fortune 
at  his  death,  on  condition  that  he  will  effect  a  divorce 
for  him — this  is  easily  done,   as  Epicoene  is  a  boy 
whom  Dauphine  has  prepared  for  his  purpose — Tom 
Otter  is  under  petticoat  government — Cutbeard  is  in 
the  interest  of  Dauphine — there  is  a  remarkably  neat 
song  in  the  1st  scene. 

Dry  den  in  his  Essay  on  Dramatick  Poesie  highly 
commends  this  play — he  considers  the  dialogue  of  it 


D.  L.    1773-1776.  -1-S7 

as  containing  more  wit  and  acuteriess  of  fancy  than 
any  of  Jonson's  Comedie>  ;  he  observes,  that  the 
unity  of  time  is  so  strictly  preserved  that  all  tin- 
events  in  the  play  may  easily  have  happened  within 
the  time  of  representation— that  the  unity  of  action 
is  entire  ;  the  end  and  aim  of  which  is  the  settling  of 
Morose's  estate  on  Dauphine  ;  and  tho'  all  the  cha- 
racters in  the  play  have  several  concernments  of  their 
own,  yet  they  are  all  used  by  the  poet  to  the  conduet- 
ing  of  the  main  design  to  perfection — nor  is  the 
unity  of  place  much  violated,  as  the  scene  lies  within 
the  compass  of  two  houses,  and  after  the  1st  act  in 
one — the  untying  of  the  plot  is  so  admirable,  that 
when  it  is  done,  no  one  of  the  audience  would  think 
the  poet  could  have  missed  it ;  and  yet  it  was  con- 
cealed so  much  before  the  last  scene,  that  any  other 
way  would  sooner  have  entered  into  one's  thoughts 

Dryden  in  one  point  is  very  incorrect — the  1st 

act  passes  at  Clerimont's  house,  and  the  bulk  of  the 
play  at  Morose's,  but  the  2d  scene  of  the  2d  act  is 
at  Daw's — and  the  4th  in  a  lane  near  Morose's  house 
—at  the  beginning  of  the  3d  act  the  scene  lies  at 
Otter's. 

Jan.  16.  Fair  Penitent.  Lothario  =  Reddish  : 
Horatio  =.  Bensley :  Sciolto  =  J.  Aikin  :  Calista  = 
Mrs.  Yates. 

18.  Garrick  acted  Abel  Drugger. 

19.  Macbeth.     Macbeth  =  Smith  :  Macduff  =  Far- 
ren,  1st  time  :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  King,  1st  time. 

20.  Not  acted  12  years,  Discovery.     Sir  Anthony 
B ran ville  =  Garrick  :  Lord  Medway=  Bensle\  :  Sir 
Harry  Flutter  =  Dodd  :  Col.  Medway  =  Bivivton  : 
Lady  Flutter  =  Mrs.  Abington  :    Mrs.  Knightly  = 


488  D.  L.  1775-1776. 

Mrs.  King:  Lady  Medway  =  Mrs,  Hopkins:  Miss 
Richly  =  Miss  Hopkins  :  Louisa  Medway  =  Miss  P. 
Hopkins:  —  on  this  revival  Garrick  was  the  only 
original  performer. 

22  and  24.  Sir  Anthony  Branville  (with  an  address 
to  the  ladies)  =  Garrick. 

26.  Discovery.      Sir    Anthony  =  Garrick  : — with 
Author.  Mrs.  Cad wallader  =  Mrs. Wrighten,  1  st  time. 

27.  Jealous  Wife.     Oakly  ==  Smith  :  Major  Oakly 
=  Yates :  Charles  =  Brereton,  1st  time :  Lord  Trinket 
zzDodd  :  Sir  Harry  Beagle  =  Palmer  :  Capt.  O'Cut- 
ter  —  Moody  :  Mrs.  Oakly  =  Miss  Younge,  1  st  time  : 
Lady  Freelove  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Harriet  =  Miss  P. 
Hopkins,  1st  time. 

29.  Garrick  acted  Sir  Anthony  Branville. 

31.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Garrick  : 
Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  King,  1st  time. 

Feb.  1.  Matilda,  with,  never  acted,  Blackamoor 
washed  White.  Jerry  =  King:  Frederic  =  Vernon  : 
Sir  Oliver  Oddfish  =  Parsons  :  Grenville  =  Davies  : 
Julia—Mrs.  Siddons :  Lady  Oddfish— Mrs. Wrighten  : 
Mrs.  DowsettzzMrs.  Bradshaw. 

3.  Garrick  acted  Lusignan  —  with  Blackamoor, 
3d  time. 

5.  Garrick  acted  Brute — with  Blackamoor,  4th 
time — this  Farce  with  songs  was  written  by  Bate — 
it  occasioned  a  riot  on  this  evening — the  author  was 
the  conductor  of  a  most  scurrilous  newspaper,  called 
the  Morning  Post ;  in  which  abuse  was  daily  vented 
on  private  and  public  characters — the  Farce  itself 
was  probably  as  trifling  as  Bate's  other  productions  ; 
but  people  were  determined  to  damn  it  out  of  dislike 
to  the  author — a  lady,  who  was  present  on  this  re- 


D.  L.   1775-1776.  489 

presentation  of  it,  told  me,  that  she  and  her  friend 
were  obliged  to  leave  the  theatre  before  their  carriage 
was  come,  and  get  home  as  well  as  they  could — the 

cry  of  the  evening  was  "  Ladies  out  " Garrick 

acted  to  sweeten  the  dose,  but  it  would  not  go  down. 

6.  Earl  of  Warwick.     Warwick  =  Smith:  King 
Edward  =  Palmer  :  Margaret  of  Anjou  =  Mrs.  Yates  : 
Lady  Elizabeth  Gray  =  Mrs.  King,  1st  time. 

7.  Garrick  acted  Sir  Anthony  Branville. 

9.  Garrick  acted  Kitely. 

10.  Isabella.  Biron  =  Smith :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Yates. 
12.  Much  ado.     Benedick  =  Garrick :  Dogberry 

=  Parsons. 

14.  Garrick  acted  Leon  : — with  Sultan,  7th  time. 

15.  Never  acted,  Runaway.     George  Hargrave  = 
Smith  :  Hargrave  (father  to  George  and  Harriet)  = 
Yates  :    Mr.   Drummond  =  Berisley  :    Sir  Charles 
Seymour  (in  love  with  Harriet)  =  Brereton  :  Justice 
=  Parsons:    Jarvis  (servant  to  Lady  Dinah)  =  Pal- 
mer :  Morley  (uncle  to  Emily)  =  J.  Aikin  :  Bella 
(niece  to  Hargrave)  =  Miss  Younge  :   Lady  Dinah  = 
Mrs.  Hopkins:  Emily  — Mrs.  Siddons  :  Harriot  (in 
love  with  Sir  Charles)  =  Miss  P.  Hopkins :  Susan 
(woman  to  Lady  Dinah)  —  Mrs.  Wrighten  : — acted 
about  17  times — Lady  Dinah  is  an  old  maid — as  she 
has    a  good  fortune,    Hargrave  wishes  his  son   to 
marry  her — she  has  no  sort  of  objection  to  a  young 
husband — George  and  the  rest  of  the  family  think- 
that  Hargrave  means  to  marry  Lady  Dinah  himself 
— Emily  had  run  away  from   IHT  uncle  to  avoid  a 
forced   marriage — Drummoml   takes   her   uml.'i    his 
protection,  but  as  he  is  single,  ho  requests  Harrr; 

to  give  Emily  an  apartment  in  his  house — she  proves 


490  !>•  L.   1775-1776. 

to  be  a  young  lady  with  whom  George  had  fallen  in 
love  at  the  masquerade — Lady  Dinah  perceives  that 
George's  attachment  is  not  to  herself,  but  to  Emily 
— she  promises  Susan  £200,  if  she  can  get  Emily 
turned  out  of  the  house — Susan  engages  Jarvis  to 
assist  her — Jarvis  had  been  a  strolling  player — he 
affects  to  recognise  Emily,  and  talks  of  having  acted 
Romeo  to  her  Juliet— at  this  moment  Morley  arrives 
— he  carries  off  Emily — George  follows  them,  and 
takes  Emily  from  him— at  the  conclusion,  Morley 
is  prevailed  on  by  Drummond  to  give  Emily  to 
George — Sir  Charles  marries  Harriet — Lady  Dinah 
is  exposed — Bella  gives  an  intimation  that  her  lover 

is  returned  to  England this  is  a  good  C. — George, 

Bella  and  Drummond  are  very  pleasing  characters — 
Mrs.  Cowley  afterwards  wrote  other  plays  that  were 
more  successful  than  the  Runaway,  but  she  perhaps 
never  wrote  a  better. 

21.  Deuce  is  in  him,     Col.   Tamper  =  Palmer: 
Prattle  =  King  :  Emily  —  Mrs.  King,  1st  time, 

22.  Runaway.     Emily  =  Mrs.  King,  1st  time. 
24.  Jane  Shore.     Gloster  =  J.  Aikin,  1st  time. 
March  7«  Zara.     Lusignam^  Garrick,   last  time, 

with,  never  acted,  Spleen,  or  Islington  Spa.  D'Oyley 
(contracted  to  El iza)  =  Parsons :  Rubrick  (a  book- 
seller, and  dealer  in  quack  medicines)  =  King  :  Jack 
Rubrick  (his  son)  =  Palmer  :  Merton  =  Brereton  : 
Aspin  =  Baddeley  :  Machoof  =  Moody  :  Lsetitia 
(cousin  to  Merton)  =  Mrs.  King  :  Eliza  (daughter  to 
Rubrick)  =  Miss  P.  Hopkins  :  Mrs.  Rubrick  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins  :  Tabitha  (her  sister)  =  Mrs.  Love  :  — 
D'Oyley  is  a  rich  draper,  who  had  retired  from  busi- 
ness— for  want  of  employment,  he  is  eaten  up  with 


D.  L.   1775-1776.  491 

the  Spleen,  and  fancies  he  has  a  tendency  to  all 
manner  of  disorders  —  Lsetitia  visits  him  as  Dr. 
Anodyne — Dr.  Anodyne  is  accused  of  having  been 
too  intimate  with  Eliza  —  D'Oyley  wishes  to  be 
released  from  his  engagement  with  Eliza — Merton 
offers  to  marry  her — Kubrick  consents — Merton  says 
that  he  arid  Eliza  have  been  married  for  3  weeks 

this  is  a  tolerable  Farce  by  Col  man— D'Oyley 

is  a  good  character,  but  in  that  of  Jack  Kubrick, 
Colman  is  not  equally  happy — young  Cantabs,  who 
frequent  Newmarket,  do  not  usually  interlard  their 
conversation  with  mathematical  expressions. 

Murphy  observes — "  Garrick  in  the  Prologue  to 
"  this  piece  gave  the  first  public  notice  of  his  inten- 
"  tion  to  retire  from  the  stage  " — the  Gent's  Maga- 
zine for  Jan.  says — "  it  is  reported  that  Garrick  has 

"  sold  his  share  in  D.  L." Lacy  died  in  1773  or 

1774 — Garrick  by  his  death  lost  an  able  coadjutor— 
the  whole  burden  of  the  theatre  fell  upon  him  at  the 
time  when  his  infirmities  rendered  him  unequal  to 
the  task — I  have  seen  a  letter  from  him  to  Dr.  Fal- 
coner of  Bath,  in  which  he  desired  his  brother,  who 
was  then  at  that  city,  to  superintend  the  Rehearsal 
of  Bon  Ton  at  the  theatre — he  said  of  himself,  that 
he  had  hardly  time  to  eat,  drink  or  sleep. 

Two  Epigrams  were  published,  in  which  it  was 
said  that  Mrs.  Abington,  Mrs.  Yates,  and  Miss 
Younge  gave  Garrick  so  much  trouble  as  manager 
that  he  determined  to  quit  the  stage — in  the  confined 
circle  of  a  playhouse,  where  jealousy  is  apt  to  pre- 
dominate and  where  separate  interests  are  conti- 
nually clashing,  disputes  must  inevitably  happen  ; 


492  D.  L.   1775-1776. 

but  tho*  such  disputes  might  ruffle  Garrick's  temper 
for  the  time,  yet  it  cannot  reasonably  be  supposed 
that  they  should  absolutely  influence  his  conduct  in 
a  point  so  material  to  his  interest — his  principal 
motive  for  quitting  the  stage  at  this  time  was  doubt- 
less his  resolution  not  to  stay  on  it,  till  his  powers 
of  acting  were  weakened  by  age  or  infirmity ;  and 
by  playing  most  of  his  principal  characters  during 
the  remainder  of  the  season,  he  proved  that  he  was 
able  to  delight  the  public  as  highly  as  ever.  (Davies.) 
March  11.  Mrs.  Yates'  bt.  Medea.  Jason  — 
Smith  :  Creon  =  Bensley  :  jEson  =  Palmer  :  Medea 
=  Mrs.  Yates  : — Palmer  was  a  very  versatile  actor, 
but  this  part  did  not  suit  him  at  all. 

12.  King's  bt.     Not  acted  10  years,  Woman's  a 
Riddle.     Sir  Amorous  Vainwit  =  King:  Courtwell 
—  Smith  :  Col.  Manley=  Reddish  :  Aspin  =  Yates  : 
Vulture  =  Moody  :  Miranda  =.  Mrs.  Abington  :  Lady 
Outside  =  Miss  Younge  :  Clarinda  =  Miss  Hopkins  : 
— all  the  pit  but  3  rows  was  turned  into  boxes. 

13.  Smith's  bt.     Never  acted  there,  Cyrus.  Cyrus 
=  Gentleman  :    Cambyses  =  Smith  :    Mithranes  = 
Bensley  :  Astyages  =  Palmer  :  Harpagus=  Packer  : 
Mandane  =  Mrs.  Yates  :  Aspasia^Miss  Hopkins  : — 
with  Peep  behind  the  Curtain. 

18.  Miss  Younge's  bt,  All  for  Love.  Octavia  = 
Mrs.  Yates,  1st  time  : — rest  as  May  12  177^ — with 
High  Life  below  Stairs.  Kittys  Miss  Younge,  1st 
time. 

20.  For  bt.  of  Yates.  Way  to  keep  him.  Love- 
more  =  Smith:  Sir  Bashful  Constant  —  Yates  :  Sir 
Brilliant  Fashion  =  Dodd  :  William  =  Baddeley  : 


D.  L.  1775-1776.  4QS 

Widow  Bellmour^Mrs.  Abington  :  Mrs.  Lovernore 
=  Mrs.    Yates:     Muslin  =  Mrs.    Hopkins:     Lady 
Constant  =  Mrs.  Greville  : — with  Rival  Candidates. 
22  or  23.    Reddish's   bt.      Orphan.      Castalio  = 
Reddish  :  Chamont  =  Smith  :  Polydore  =  Brereton  : 
Monimia  =  Lady,  her  1st  appearance  this  season: 
(perhaps  Mrs.  Canning)  with,  never  acted,  Valen- 
tine's Day.      Sir  Veritas  Vision  =  Waldron  :    Sir 
Anthony  Ash  =  Baddeley :    Frederick  (his   son)  = 
Burkitt :    Jeremy  Jingle   (Frederick's    Servant)  = 
Burton:  Florella  (daughter  to  Sir  Verita8)  =  Mis8 
Sharpe  :    Pinner  (her  maid)  =  Mrs.  Wrighten  : — 
Frederick   and  Florella  are  mutually  in  love — Sir 
Veritas  intends  to  marry  his  daughter  to  Sir  Anthony 
— the  young  people  get  married — their  fathers  for- 
give them this  piece  is  too  insipid   even  for  a 

musical  Entertainment — it  is  attributed  to  Heard, 
and  seems  to  have  been  acted  but  once. 

27.  Bensley's  bt.  Alexander  the  Great.  Alex- 
ander =  Smith  :  Clytus  =  Bensley  :  Statira  =.  Mrs. 
Yates:  Roxana  =  Miss  Younge :  —  with  Man  of 
Quality.  Lory  =  Parsons  : — rest  as  at  Mrs.  Abing- 
ton's  bt.  March  15  1774. 

April  10.  Palmer's  bt.  Twelfth  Night.  Sir  An- 
drew Aguecheek  =  Dodd  :  Malvolio  -  Bensley,  1st 
time :  Sir  Toby  Belch  =  Palmer :  Orsino  =  Jefferson : 
Clown  =  Vernon  :  Viola  =  Miss  Younge  :  Olivia  = 
Mrs.  Abington  :  Maria  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  : — with  Man 
of  Quality. 

11.  Garrick  acted  Abel  Drugger,  last  time — Bell 
in  1777  published  an  edition  of  the  Alchemist  from 
the  Prompt-book  of  D.  L. — according  to  Bell,  Gar- 
rick  had  contrived  to  leave  out  one  of  the  best 


494-  D.  L.   1775-1776. 

strokes  in  the  play — Subtle  tells  Tribulation  that  the 
pewter  will  be  turned  to  plate  at  Christmas — Ananias 
checks  him  and  says — "  Christ-tide  I  pray  you  "- — 
the  Puritans  shrunk  with  horror  from  the  mention 
of  the  popish  word  mass  —  in  the  Fox,  a  Christmas 
pie  is  called  a  nativity  pie. 

12.  Bannister's  bt,  As  you  like  it.  Touchstone 
=  King:  Jaques •=. Bannister,  1st  time:  Orlando  — 
Reddish  :  Adam  =  Moody :  Rosalind  =  Miss  Younge  : 
— with,  never  acted  there,  Waterman. 

15.  Mrs.  Wrighten's  bt.  Matilda,  with,  never 
acted,  Love's  Metamorphoses.  Young  Dormer  — 
King  :  Moody  (his  servant)  =  Vernon  :  Sir  John 
Murray  —  Packer  :  Col.  Murray  (his  son)  =  Davies  : 
Maria  (his  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Siddons  :  Feather  (her 
maid)  =  Mrs.  Wrighten  : — Old  Dormer  and  Sir  John 
Murray  had  agreed  that  Young  Dormer  should  marry 
Maria — the  young  people  have  not  seen  one  another 
— Maria  requests  her  father  to  permit  her  and  Feather 
to  change  characters —he  assents — Dormer  arrives 
at  Sir  John's  disguised  as  Moody — Moody  is  dis- 
guised as  his  master — Sir  John  is  aware  of  their 
disguise,  but  does  not  tell  Maria  of  it — Dormer  falls 
in  love  with  Maria,  supposing  her  to  be  Feather — 
she  likes  him— at  the  conclusion,  they  are  united, 

but  in  their  proper  characters this  is  a  moderate 

F.  by  Vaughan— the  plot  is  stale— see  Double  Deceit 
C.  G.  April  25  .1735 — Vaughan  did  not  publish  his 
piece  till  1791>  when  he  called  it  Love's  Vagaries, 
and  affixed  Jefferson's  name  to  Sir  John  Murray ; 
but  according  to  the  bill  in  the  B.  M.  Packer  played 
the  part — Vaughan  says  his  Farce  was  rejected  in 
1789  by  Kemble  at  D.  L.  and  in  1791  by  Colman 


n.  i .    1775-1776.  495 

at  the  Hay. —he  adds  that  it  was  acl«*d  for  tli 
time  at  D.  L.  April   19  1776  for  Vernon's  I)t.— but 
April  19  was  certainly  Brereton's  bt.  and  Vernon's 
Farce  seems  to  have  been  the  Lying  Valet. 

17.  School  for  Wives.  Torrington  =  Parsons,  1st 
time. 

19.  Brereton's  bt.  Not  acted  9  years,  Mahomet. 
Alcanor  =  Gentleman:  Zaphna^Brereton  :  Maho- 
met =  Bensley  :  Palmira^  iVliss  Younge,  1st  time. 

22.  Mrs.  King's  bt.  Fair  Quaker.  Binnacle  = 
Gentleman  :  Dorcas  Zeal —  Mrs.  King,  1st  time. 

24.  Jefferson's  bt.     Recruiting  Officer — as  before. 

25.  Garrick  acted  Kitely,  last  time. 

26.  Not  acted  5  years,  School  for  Rakes.     Mrs. 
Winifred  =  Mrs.    Hopkins  :     Harriet  =  Miss    P. 
Hopkins. 

27-  Garrick  acted  Hamlet. 

30.  Garrick  acted  Sir  John  Brute,  last  time. 

May  2.  Garrick  acted  Leon,  last  time. 

4.  Committee.  Teague  =  Moody  :  Obediah  = 
Parsons:  Daym  Baddeley :  Ruth  =  Mrs.  King,  1st 
time. 

7.  Mrs.  Abington's  bt.      Stratagem.     Archer  = 
Garrick,  last  time:  Scrub  =  Yates  :   Mi's.   Sullen  =. 
Mrs.  Abington. 

8.  Not  acted  3  years — for  Mrs.   Greville's  bt. — 
Constant  Couple.      Sir  Harry  Wildair  =  Mrs.  Gre- 
ville,  1st  time:    Col.  Standards  Palmer,  1st  time: 
Beau  Clincher  =  King  :   Sm uggler  =  Parsons  :  Lady 
Lurewell  =  Mrs.  King,  1st  time. 

9.  Garrick  acted  Benedick,  last  time. 
11.  Rehearsal.     Bayes^King. 

13.  King  Lear.     Lear=  Garrick  :  Edgar  =  Red- 


496  D.L.   1775-1776. 

dish  :  Bastard  =  Palmer  :  Kent  =:  Bransby  :  Gloster 
=  J.  Aikin  :  Cordelia  =  Miss  Younge. 

16.  Wonder.  Don  Felixm  Garrick  :  Col.  Briton 
—  Smith:  Gibhy  =  Moody,  1st  time:  Florae  Mrs. 
Wrighten,  1st  time  : — see  Jan.  20  1775. 

21.  Garrick  acted  Lear. 

22.  Not  acted  4  years,  Romeo  and  Juliet.    Romeo 
=  Brereton:  Mercutio  =  Dodd :  Juliet— Miss  Hop- 
kins, 1st  time. 

23.  Suspicious  Husband.     Ranger  =  Garrick,  1st 
time  for  2  years  :  Frankly  =  Palmer  :  Strictland  = 
Jefferson  :  Jack  Meggot  =  Dodd  :  Clarinda  =.  Mrs. 
Abington,  1st  time  :  Jacintha  =  Miss  Younge:  Mrs. 
Strictland  =  Mrs.  Siddons  :  Lucetta  =.  Mrs.  Davies. 

27.  Richard  the  3d.  Richard  =  Garrick,  1st  time 
for  4  years  :  King  Henry  =.  Reddish  :  Richmond  = 
Palmer  :  Buckingham  =  Jefferson  :  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Hopkins  :  Lady  Anne  =  Mrs.  Siddons,  1st  time. 

30.  For  the  bt.  of  the  Theatrical  Fund.  Hamlet. 
Hamlet  =  Garrick,  last  time  :  Ghost  =  Bransby  : 
King  =  Jefferson  :  Polonius  =:  Baddeley  :  Queen  = 
Mrs,  Hopkins  :  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Smith. 

June  1.  Garrick  acted  Ranger,  last  time. 

3.  Garrick  was  announced  in  the  bills  as  Richard 
for  the  last  time  ;  but  he  acted  the  part  again. 

5.  By  Command.  Richard  the  3d  =  Garrick,  last 
lime:  Lady  Anne  =  Mrs.  Siddons  :— this  was  her 
last  performance  for  this  season — Woodfall,  the  Editor 
of  the  Morning  Chronicle,  and  a  good  Judge  of 
Theatricals,  said  Mrs.  Siddons  spoke  sensibly,  but 
that  her  powers  were  not  equal  to  a  London  theatre 
— Garrick  thought  slightly  of  her,  and  the  succeeding 
managers  did  not  offer  to  engage  her — this  has  been 


i).  L.  1775-1TT6. 

cousidered  as  strange  ;  and  some  of  Mrs.  Siddons' 
injudicious  friends  have  gone  so  far  as  to  say  that 
Garrick  was  jealous  of  her — that  he  would  have  heen 
jealous  of  her  to  the  last  degree,  if  he  had  seen  her 
in  her  glory,  there  can  be  no  doubt — but  to  suppose 
him  jealous  of  her  in  1776  is  so  absurd,  that  it 
scarce  deserves  to  be  mentioned — the  truth  seems  to 
be  that  she  had  not  in  1776  displayed  those  wonder- 
ful powers  which  afterwards  fascinated  every  body — 
the  late  Mrs.  Fleming  of  Bath  saw  Mrs.  Siddons  in 
Mrs.  Strictland — when  she  came  on  with  Miss 
Younge,  there  was  some  applause,  which  Miss  Younge 
took  to  herself— Mrs.  Fleming  was  affected  with  the 
pathetic  manner  in  which  Mrs.  Siddons  played  her 
part,  but  some  of  the  persons  who  were  with  her  in 
the  pit,  rather  laughed  at  her,  for  being  affected  with 
such  an  actress  as  Mrs.  Siddons for  Mrs.  Sid- 
dons'  progress  after  she  left  D.  L.,  see  Bath  Oct. 
24  1778. 

8.  Garrick  acted  King  Lear,  last  time. 

10.  Wonder.  Don  Felix  =  Garrick,  being  his  last 
appearance  on  the  stage  : — the  profits  of  this  night 
being  appropriated  to  the  Theatrical  Fund,  the  usual 
address  upon  that  occasion  will  be  spoken  by  Gar- 
rick before  the  play— this  address  is  a  good  one, 
Murphy  has  inserted  it  in  his  Life  of  Garrick. 

After  the  play  was  over,  Garrick  took  leave  of  the 
public  in  a  prose  address,  and  bowing  respectfully  to 
all  parts  of  the  house,  withdrew. 

He  was  for  some  time  inclined  to  end  his  course 
with  the  part  he  at  first  set  out  with  ;  but  upon  con- 
sideration he  judged,  that,  after  the  fatigue  of  so 
laborious  a  character  as  Richard,  it  would  be  out  of 

VOL.    V.  K    K 


498  D.  L.    1775-1776. 

his  power  to  utter  a  farewell  word  to  the  audience — 
he  therefore  chose  Don  Felix  (Murphy) — as  being 
less  fatiguing — it  is  to  be  regretted  that  Garrick  did 
not  retain  his  first  intention — his  address  to  the 
audience  was  of  no  importance ;  but  such  an  actor 
ought  riot  to  have  left  the  stage  in  such  a  part. 

The  1st  benefit  for  the  Theatrical  Fund  seems  to 
have  been  the  usual  one— the  2d  seems  to  have  been 
a  gift  from  Garrick  instead  of  taking  it  for  himself. 
(Bills  from  B.  M.  and  Mr.  Wood/all.} 

Nature  had  done  so  much  for  Garrick  that  he 
could  not  help  being  an  actor — she  gave  him  a  frame 
of  so  manageable  a  proportion,  and  from  its  flexi- 
bility so  perfectly  under  command,  that  by  its  aptitude 
and  elasticity  he  could  suit  it  to  any  sort  of  character 
— his  eye  was  so  penetrating,  so  speaking,  his  brow 
so  moveable  and  all  his  features  so  plastic  and  accom- 
modating, that  wherever  his  mind  impelled  them, 
they  would  go,  and  before  his  tongue  could  give  the 
text,  his  countenance  would  express  the  spirit  and 
passion  of  the  part  he  was  encharged  with — (Cum- 
berland}— his  voice  was  harmonious — his  figure  low, 
but  pleasing  and  manly — his  great  aim  in  all  his  per- 
formances was  to  follow  nature — he  never  indulged 
the  wantonness  of  his  fancy  in  stepping  beyond  her 
— tho'  every  passion  of  the  human  mind  lay  before 
him,  he  chiefly  excelled  in  the  stronger  and  more 
violent  transports  of  the  soul — his  love  was  elegantly 
and  ardently  displayed,  but  he  had  not  that  overflow 
of  tenderness,  that  profusion  of  softness,  for  which 
Barry  was  celebrated — in  resentment,  anger,  terror, 
rage,  horror,  and  madness,  it  is  impossible  to  give  an 
adequate  idea  of  him  ;  he  was  unrivalled  in  them 


i).  L.  1775-1776.  499 

all — he  excelled  in  all  mixt  representations  of  grief 
and  anger,  fear  and  rage,  in  short  the  more  compli- 
cated the  passions  were,  the  more  happy  was  he  in 
his  representation  of  them.  (Gent's  Magazine.) 


"  Take  him  for  all  in  all 

"  We  shall  not  look  upon  his  like  again." 

Macklin,  from  personal  dislike  to  Garrick,  gives  a 
most  uri favourable  character  of  him  hoth  as  a  man 
and  as  an  actor,  he  says  "  Garrick  huddled  all  pas- 
"  sions  into  strut  and  quickness  —  bustle  was  his 
"  favourite  —  in  Archer  —  Ranger  —  Don  John — 
"  Harnlet — Macbeth — Brute — all  was  bustle — bustle 
"  — bustle  "—and  again — "all the  requisites  Garrick 
"  wanted  in  order  to  make  him  a  great  actor  were — 
"  consequence — dignity — elegance — and  majesty  of 
"  figure— a  voice  that  could  last  through  a  part  (for 
"  he  was  generally  hoarse  in  the  last  two  acts) — the 
"  deportment  and  manners  of  a  Gentleman — a  know- 
"  ledge  of  the  passion  and  character — and  how  to 
"  dress  with  propriety." 

Macklin's  malice  is  so  apparent  that  it  defeats  its 
own  purpose — he  is  however  so  far  right,  that  an 
intimate  friend  of  Garrick  told  me,  that  (like  Wilks) 
he  could  riot  stand  still  on  the  stage. 

As  a  manager,  Garrick  is  said  to  have  often  called 
forth  latent  worth — this  is  doubtless  true ;  but  the 
stupidest  manager  that  ever  existed,  could  hardly  have 
given  less  encouragement  to  Mrs.  Abington  and 
Shuter  than  he  did. 

His  literary  abilities  have  been  greatly  overrated 
by  the  generality  of  people — Dr.  Johnson  is  said  to 
have  holden  them  in  a  considerable  degree  of  con- 

K    K  2 


500  D.  L.  1775-1776. 

tempt ;  he  once  told  him  that  he  knew  nothing  about 
books ;  and  he  said  of  his  Ode  on  Shakspeare  that 
it  defied  criticism. 

Garrick's  alterations  of  old  plays  are  highly  judi- 
cious when  he  does  not  attempt  too  much — when  he 
goes  beyond  a  certain  point,  he  only  exposes  himself 
— he  knew  he  could  act,  and  he  fancied  he  could 
write.* 

Some  of  Garrick's  little  pieces  do  him  credit,  par- 
ticularly— Lying  Valet — Miss  in  her  Teens — Guar- 
dian— Irish  Widow  and  Bon  Ton. 

Several  of  Garrick's  Prologues  and  Epilogues  are 
good ;  but  many  of  them  would  have  met  with  little 
notice,  if  he  had  been  an  inferiour  actor — it  seems  a 
strange  perversion  of  judgment  in  Murphy  to  put 
them  in  competition  with  those  of  Dryden — Murphy 
says  Garrick  wrote  fourscore  Prologues  and  Epi- 
logues, and  that  Dryden's  did  not  amount  to  half 
that  number — he  forgot  to  count  those  to  Dryden's 
own  plays. 

Goldsmith  in  his  poem  of  Retaliation,  draws  a 
striking  picture  of  Garrick — 

"  Here  lies  David  Garrick,  describe  him  who  can, 
"  An  abridgement  of  all  that  was  pleasant  in  man: 


Persius  says  to  Nero — 


Tollat  sua  munera  cerdo  : 


Tecum  hdbita,  et  ndris  quam  sit  tibi  curta  supellex. 

—Let  the  multitude  take  away  their  applause,  and  you  will  soon 
find  how  slightly  furnished  your  upper  story  is. 


D.  L.   1775-1  5Q] 

"  As  an  actor,  confcss'd  without  rival  to  -hi IP  , 
"  As  a  wit,*  if  not  first,  in  the  very  first  line  : 
"  Yet  with  talents  like  these   and  an  excellent 

"  heart, 

"  The  man  had  his  failings — a  dupe  to  his  art. 
"  Like  an  ill-judging  beauty,  his  colours  he  spread 
"  And  be-plastered  with  rouge  his  own  natural 

"  red. 

"  On  the  stage  he  was  natural,  simple,  affecting ; 
"  'Twas  only  that  when  he  was  off,  he  was  act  i ML:. 
"  With  no  reason  on  earth  to  go  out  of  his  way, 
"  He  turn'd  and  he  varied  full  ten  times  a  day  ; 
"  Tho*  secure  of  all  hearts,  yet  confoundedly  sick, 
"  If  they  were  not  his  own  by  finessing  and  trick  ; 
"  He  cast  off  his  friends,  as  a  huntsman  his  pack, 
"  For  he  knew  when  he  pleased,  he  could  whistle 

"  them  back. 
"  Of  praise  a  mere  glutton,  he  swallow'd  what 

"  came, 

"  And  the  puff  of  a  dunce,  he  mistook  it  for  fame, 
"  Till  his  relish  grown  callous  almost  to  disease 
"  Who    pepper*d    the  highest  was   surest  to 

"  please."  &c. 

This  last  was   Garrick's   great  weakness — Paul 
Whitehead  said  to  him — 

"  A  nation's  taste  depends  on  you, 
"  Perhaps  a  nation's  virtue  too." 


Quid  aperthis  ?  et  tamen  itti 


"  Surgebant  cristte." — Juvenal. 


*  His  wit  was  generally  tiisel. 


B.  L.   1775-1776. 

Gross  as  this  flattery  was,  it  is  strongly  to  be  sus- 
pected that  Garrick  was  pleased  with  it.* 

Envy  was  his  greatest  fault — his  panegyrist  Davies 
acknowledges,  that  he  never  heard  him  speak  warmly 
in  commendation  of  any  actor  living  or  dead. 

His  misfortune  was  that  he  had  never  due  confi- 
dence in  his  talents — his  love  of  fame  was  unbounded; 
but  it  was  "  tremblingly  alive  all  o'er" — he  lived  in  a 
whispering  gallery,  always  listening  and  anxious  about 
himself — upon  such  a  disposition,  they  who  lacquied 
after  him,  could  make  what  impression  they  pleased 
— a  word  was  sufficient  ;  he  took  fire  at  the  slightest 
hint ;  and  they  who  had  sinister  purposes  to  answer, 
saw  the  avenues  by  which  they  were  to  approach 
him  ;  by  the  arts  of  such  men,  he,  who  might  always 
have  been  at  ease,  and  by  his  talents  deserved  to  be 
so,  was  ever  involved  in  little  disputes  and  jealousies, 
that  made  him  unhappy  through  life.  (Itturphy.) 

Dr.  Johnson  arid  Garrick  came  to  London  together 
to  seek  their  fortunes — they  continued  friends  to  the 
last ;  but  their  friendship  had  an  interval  of  coolness 
— No.  200  of  the  Rambler  does  not  at  first  appear 
to  have  any  particular  merit,  but  when  we  know  that 
Prospero  was  meant  for  Garrick  and  Asper  for  Dr. 
Johnson,  it  becomes  interesting. 

Garrick  was  hurt  that  his  old  friend  did  not  think 
so  highly  of  his  dramatic  art  as  the  rest  of  the  world 


*  I  ohms  in  the  Heraclidae  says  "  it  is  an  invidious  thing  to 
"  praise  too  much ;  I  myself  have  been  often  disgusted  with  too 
"  lavish  praise  " — Euripides  probably  made  lolaus  speak  his  own 
sentiment. 


D.  L.   1775-1776. 

— the  fact  was,  Johnson  could  not  see  the  passion-* 
as  they  rose  and  chased  one  another  in  the  varied 
features  of  that  expressive  face  ;  and  hy  his  o\\  n 
manner  of  reciting  verses,  which  was  wonderfully 
impressive,  he  plainly  showed  that  he  thought  there 
was  too  much  of  artificial  tone  and  measured  cadence 
in  the  declamation  of  the  theatre — Murphy  was  one 
night  in  conversation  with  Dr.  Johnson  near  the  side 
of  the  scenes  during  the  Tragedy  of  King  Lear— 
when  Garrick  came  off  the  stage,  he  said  "  You  t\vo 
"  talk  so  loud  you  destroy  all  my  feelings" — "  Pri- 
thee" replied  Johnson,  "  do  not  talk  of  feelings, 
"  Punch  has  no  feelings" — this  seems  to  have  been 
his  settled  opinion  ;  admirable  as  Garrick's  imitation 
of  nature  always  was,  Johnson  thought  it  no  better 
than  mere  mimickry — yet  it  is  certain  that  he  es- 
teemed and  loved  Garrick ;  that  he  dwelt  with 
pleasure  on  his  praise  ;  and  used  to  declare  that  he 
deserved  his  great  success,  because  on  all  applications 
for  charity  he  gave  more  than  was  asked— after  Gar- 
rick's  death  he  never  talked  of  him  without  a  tear  in 
his  eyes — he  offered,  if  Mrs.  Garrick  would  desire  it  of 
him,  to  be  the  editor  of  his  works,  and  the  historian 
of  his  Life — on  his  deathbed  he  thought  of  writing 
a  Latin  inscription  to  the  memory  of  his  friend — 
(Murphy} — in  his  Life  of  Smith  he  had  said — "  the 
"  death  of  Garrick  has  eclipsed  the  gaiety  of  nations, 
"  and  impoverished  the  stock  of  harmless  pleasure." 
When  Jedediah  Buxton,  so  well  known  for  his 
astonishing  calculations,  was  in  London,  he  was  car- 
ried to  see  Garrick  in  Richard  ;  it  was  expected  that 
the  novelty  and  splendour  of  the  show  would  have 
fixed  him  in  astonishment,  or  kept  his  imagination  in 


504  D.  L.  1775-1776. 

a  continual  hurry,  or  that  his  passions  would  in  some 
degree  have  been  touched  by  the  power  of  action,  if 
he  did  not  perfectly  understand  the  dialogue  :  but 
Jedediah's  mind  was  employed  in  the  playhouse  just 
as  it  was  elsewhere  :  during  the  dance  he  fixed  his 
attention  on  the  number  of  the  steps  ;  he  declared, 
after  a  fine  piece  of  music,  that  the  innumerable 
sounds  produced  by  the  instruments  had  perplexed 
him  beyond  measure  ;  and  he  attended  to  Garrick 
only  to  count  the  words  that  he  uttered,  in  which  he 
said,  he  perfectly  succeeded.  (Gent's  Mag.  vol.  24.) 
Not  long  after  Garrick's  death  a  Farce  was  pub- 
lished called  "  Garrick  in  the  Shades,  or  a  Peep  into 
"  Elysium" — it  is  a  poor  production  on  the  whole,  but 
there  are  some  few  good  observations  in  it — Garrick 
is  represented  as  much  hurt  at  the  cold  reception 
which  Shakspeare  gave  him  —  Shakspeare  says  of 
Garrick— 

"  His  fam'd  Jubilee,  was  a  mean  device 

"  To  gull  the   people—to   cram  his   well-fill'd 

"  purse  : 

"  Already  had  my  name  surviv'd  an  age  — 
"  And  yet  shall  live— when  all  his  tinsel  show 
"  Of  dull,  unmeaning  pageantry's  forgot." 

Garrick  says — "  Have  I  been  all  this  time  hood- 
"  winked  by  my  own  vanity  ! — Fool  that  I  was !  could 
"  I  suppose,  that  by  erecting  temples  to  Shakspeare, 
'  and  monopolizing  him  on  the  stage,  it  would  always 
"  be  believed,  that  I  alone  understood  him— that  I 
"  was  his  best — his  only  perfect  commentator  ?"  £c. 
Much  has  been  said  of  Garrick's  respect  for  Shak- 
speare, by  Davies,  by  Garrick  himself,  &c. — for 


D.  L.    1775-1776.  505 

what  he  actually  did,  see  the  beginning  of  D.   L. 
1747.1748. 


Garrick's  characters. 

Goodman's  Fields  1741-1742.     Richard  the  3d- 
Clodio   in   Love   makes   a  Man — Chamont— Mack 
Smatterin  Pamela — *Sharp  in  Lying  Valet — Lotha- 
rio— Ghost   in   Hamlet — Fondlewife — Costar  Pear- 
main  in  Recruiting  Officer — Ahoan  in   Oroonoko— 
Witwou'd — Bayes — Master  Johnny  in    Schoolboy- 
King  Lear — Lord  Foppington  in   Careless  Husband 
— Duretete  in  Inconstant — Pierre — Capt.  Brazen. 

At  Dublin  in  the  Summer  of  1742.     Hamlet  - 
Capt.  Plume. 

D.  L.  1742-1743.  Capt.  Plume— Hamlet-  Ar- 
cher— *Millamour  in  Wedding  Day — Hastings — Sir 
Harry  Wildair — Abel  Drugger. 

1743.1744.  Macbeth— *Regul  us  in  ditto—Lord 
Townly  —  Biron  in  Fatal  Marriage — 'Zaphna  in 
Mahomet. 

1744-1745.  Sir  John  Brute—  Scrub— King  John 
-Othello— *Tancred. 

Dublin  1745-1746.  Faulconbridge  —  Orestes  — 
lago — N.  B.  he  never  played  Orestes  in  England. 

C.  G.  1746-1747.     Hotspur—  *  Fribble —*Ranger 

D.  L.  1747-1748.      Chorus  in   Henry  the  5th- 
Jaffier — *  Young  Belmont  in  Foundling. 

1748-1749.  Benedick  —  Poet,  Frenchman,  and 
Drunken  Man  in  Lethe — *Demetrius  in  Irene— 
lago  — *Dorilas  in  Merope. 


506  D.  L.   1775-1776. 

1749-1750.  *Edward  the  Black  Prince— *Hora- 
tius  in  Roman  Father. 

1750-1751.  Romeo— Osmyn  in  Mourning  Bride 
— *Gil  Bias  in  ditto  -*Alfred  in  ditto. 

1751-1752.     Kitely— *Merconr  in  Eugenia. 

1752  1753.  Loveless  in  Love's  last  Shift— *Be- 
verley  in  Gamester — *Demetrius  in  Brothers. 

1753-1754.  *Dumnorix  in  Boadicea  —  Faulcon- 
bridge  in  King  John — *Virginius  in  ditto — Lusig- 
nan  in  Zara — *Aletes  in  Creusa. 

1754-1755.  Don  John  in  Chances— *Achmet  in 
Barbarossa — Don  Carlos  in  Mistake. 

1755.1756.  *Leontes  in  Winter's  Tale  altered— 
*Athelstan  in  ditto —Leon— x  Lord  Chalkstone  in 
Lethe. 

1756-1757.     Don  Felix. 

1757-1758.  *Wilding  in  Gamesters  altered  — 
*Lysander  in  Agis — King  in  Henry  4th  part  2d — 
*  Pamphlet  in  Upholsterer. 

1758-1759.  Marplot  —  Antony  in  Antony  and 
Cleopatra  —  *Heartly  in  Guardian  —  Periander  in 
Eurydice — *Zamti  in  Orphan  of  China. 

1759-1760.  *Oroonoko  as  altered — *Lovemore 
in  Way  to  keep  him  — *^Emilius  in  Siege  of  Aquileia 
— Sir  Harry  Gubbin  in  Tender  Husband. 

1760-1761.     *Oakly  in  Jealous  Wife  — Mercutio. 

1761-1762.  Posthumus — *Sir  John  Dorilant  in 
School  for  Lovers — *  Farmer  in  Farmer's  Return. 

1762-1763.  *Alonzo  in  Elvira — *Sir  Anthony 
Branville  in  Discovery — Sciolto. 

*  Originally. 


D.  L.  1775-1776.  507 

Thomas  Weston  died  in  January  of  habitual 
drunkenness— what  Gibber  says  of  Nokes  is  exactly 
applicable  to  Weston,  his  excellence  consisted  in  a 
plain  and  palpable  simplicity— it  was  impossible  not 
to  laugh  at  him  ;  arid  when  he  had  set  the  house  in 
a  roar,  he  did  not  move  a  muscle,  and  seemed  almost 
unconscious  of  it — in  Scrub  he  stood  unrivalled,  it 
was  all  that  Garrick  could  do  to  keep  his  countenance 
when  he  played  Archer  with  him— in  the  short  part 
of  Daniel  in  the  Conscious  Lovers  he  was  droll 
beyond  the  conception  of  those  who  had  not  seen 
him — in  Abel  Drugger  he  was  equal,  if  not  superiour 
to  Garrick. 

Cooke  says,  that  Garrick,  on  seeing  Weston  act 
Abel  Drugger,  declared  it  was  one  of  the  finest  pieces 
of  acting  he  ever  saw,  and  presented  him  with  a 
£20  bank  note  at  his  benefit. 

The  only  comedians  that  Davies  could  remember, 
who  in  all  parts  they  represented  absolutely  forgot 
themselves,  were  Ben  Johnson  and  Weston — very 
great  players,  nay  superiour  in  some  respects  to 
them,  at  least  in  the  art  of  colouring  and  high  finish- 
ing, would  laugh  at  the  blunder  of  a  performer,  or 
some  accidental  impropriety  of  the  scene  ;  but  these 
men  were  so  totally  absorbed  in  the  characters  they 
represented,  that  they  never  lost  sight  of  them. 

Weston's  by-play  was  in  the  most  capital  style  of 
excellence  —  who  that  remembers  his  surprise  at 
breaking  the  phial  in  Abel  Drugger  ;  his  returning 
for  his  shoes,  after  his  medical  examination  in  Dr. 
Last ;  or  his  hurrying  up  his  wife's  night  clothes,  on 
the  well  known  sound  of  "  Jerry,  Jerry,  where  are 
"  you  Jerry  ?"  in  the  Mayor  of  Garratt ;  but  must 


508  D.  L.   1775-1776. 

have  a  picture  before  them  of  such  superiour  excel- 
lence, that  they  may  well  despair  of  ever  seeing 
again.  ( Cooke.) 


Weston's  characters — selection  only. 

Hay.  1759.     Sir  Francis  Gripe. 

D.  L.  Summer  of  1761.  *Brush  in  All  in  the 
Wrong. 

1761-1762.  Jeremy  in  Love  for  Love — Butler  in 
Drummer— Shallow  in  Merry  Wives. 

Hay.   1763.  *  Jerry  Srieak. 

D.  L.  1763-1764.  Abel  Drugger  in  Alchemist — 
Maiden  in  Tunbridge  Walks — Nicodemus  Somebody 
in  Stage  Coach — Lying  Valet. 

Hay.  1764.  'Rust  in  Patron. 

D.  L.  1766-1767.  Tester  in  S.  H.— Maid  in 
Rule  a  Wife — Old  Man  in  Lethe — Feeble  in  Henry 
4th  part  2d. 

Hay.  1767.  *Jackides  in  Taylors— Filch— Tim 
in  Knights — Schoolboy. 

D.  L.  1767-1768.  Scrub  — Jerry  Blackacre  in 
P.  D. — Lucianus  in  Hamlet. 

Hay.  1768.     *Dr.  Last  in  Devil  upon  Two  Sticks. 

D.  L.  1768-1769.     *Mawworm  in  Hypocrite. 

Hay.  1769.     *Dr.  Last  in  his  Chariot. 

1770.  *Jack  in  Lame  Lover. 

1771.  *Billy   Button   in   Maid   of  Bath— *Abel 
Drugger  in  Tobacconist. 

D.  L.  1771.1772.  Master  Stephen  —  Clincher 
Jun. 


THEATRICAL    FUND.  $09 

Hay.  1772.     •Jarius  and  Putty  in  Nabob. 

D.  L.  1772-1773.     "Thomas  in  Irisb  Widow. 

1773-1774.  *Binnacle  in  Fair  Quaker  altered — 
*Torrington  in  School  for  Wives — *Tycho  in  Christ- 
mas Tale— Justice  Woodcock. 

Hay.  1774.  Vamp  in  Author — *Toby  in  Co- 
zeners— Butler  in  Piety  in  Pattens — Diana  Trapes 
—  *Robin  in  Waterman — Sept.  16.  Mrs.  Cole — 
30.  Richard  the  3d. 

D.  L.  1774-1775.  *  Hurry  in  Maid  of  the  Oaks 
— *  Jack  Nightshade  in  Choleric  Man — *Spy  in  Rival 
Candidates — Drunken  Man  in  Lethe. 

1775-1776.     *Dozey  in  May  Day. 

*  Originally. 


THEATRICAL  FUND. 

There  had  been  for  several  years  a  talk  of  estab- 
lishing a  fund  for  the  support  of  such  performers  as 
should  be  obliged  through  age  and  infirmities,  or 
accident,  to  retire  from  the  stage — various  plans  had 
been  formed,  but  none  of  them  took  effect ;  and 
indeed,  the  managers  were  at  first,  jealous  of  the  un- 
dertaking— at  length  in  17^5,  the  case  of  Mrs.  Ha- 


510  THEATRICAL    FUND. 

milton,  whose  income  had  been  considerable,  (see 
C.  G.  1761-1762)  but  who  was  at  that  time  reduced 
to  depend  on  the  contributions  of  the  players,  alarmed 
the  whole  society — Hull  a  judicious  actor  and  a  very 
respectable  man,  had  the  honour  to  be  the  first  who 
conceived  and  brought  to  bear  a  rational  project  for 
the  player's  fund— to  promote  this  desirable  end,  he 
addressed  the  performers  of  C.  G.  in  a  printed  letter, 
in  which,  after  establishing  the  necessity  of  some 
mode  of  provision,  he  stated  several  reasonable  pro- 
positions, as  the  foundation  of  his  plan his  ad- 
dress produced  an  immediate  good  effect — a  collec- 
tion was  set  forward  under  the  joint  efforts  of  Hull 
and  Mattocks,  who  was  also  a  strenuous  promoter 
of  the  scheme — in  this  plan,  they  were  most  liberally 
assisted  by  the  patronage  of  Beard  and  Mrs.  Rich, 
then  proprietors  of  C.  G. — Gibson  of  that  theatre 
was  (at  his  death)  a  large  contributor — Cumberland 
and  Mrs.  Donaldson  were  likewise  great  benefactors 
— during  the  first  6  years  or  thereabouts,  the  fund 
was  augmented  by  the  profits  of  annual  benefits — 
but  under  Colman's  management  the  players  were 
deprived  of  that  advantage — Harris  also  persisted  in 
refusing  an  annual  benefit — the  fund  of  C.  G.  in 
1776  had  the  sanction  of  an  Act  of  Parliament, 
and  the  subscribers  to  it  were  thereby  declared  a 
body  corporate. 

The  C.  G.  fund  was  first  set  on  foot  at  a  time, 
when  Garrick  was  on  the  continent — on  his  return 
home,  he  was  exceedingly  angry  and  much  mortified, 
that  a  business  of  such  importance  should  have  been 
carried  on  without  the  least  communication  with 
him ;  who,  as  at  the  head  of  his  profession,  and  as 


c.  o.  1775-1776.  511 

manager  and  patentee  of  D.  L.,  might  reasonably 
have  expected  to  have  been  consulted — Garrick  how- 
ever  was  pacified  by  the  excuses  which  were  made 
to  him  ;  and  he  and  Lacy  in  1766  very  heartily  con- 
curred to  establish  a  similar  fund  at  D.  L.— they  paid 
down  a  considerable  sum  at  the  first  establishment, 
and  gave  an  annual  benefit  while  the  patent  conti- 
nued in  their  hands  ;  on  which  occasions  Garrick 
rendered  the  fund  a  most  essential  service  by  acting 
himself — in  Jan.  1776  Garrick  paid  the  expenses  of 
an  Act  of  Parliament  for  the  legal  establishment  of 
the  fund  —it  is  computed  that  by  donations  of  one 
kind  or  other,  and  by  annually  acting  capital 
parts,  he  gained  to  this  institution  near  £4500. 
(Dames.) 

The  institution  of  these  playhouse  funds  reflects 
great  and  lasting  honour  on  the  actors  who  were 
then  on  the  stage  ;  and  every  lover  of  the  Drama 
must  say  of  these  laudable  establishments  (and  of 
similar  ones  in  the  Provincial  theatres) — FloreantI 
— may  they  flourish  I 


C.  G.  1775-1776. 

Sept.  20.  Suspicious  Husband,  with  a  Prelude 
called  a  Peep  into  the  Green  room. 

22.  West  Indian.  Major  OTlaherty  =  F.  Aikin,  his 
1  st  appearance  there  :  Charlotte  =  Miss  Barsanti. 


512  c.  o.  1775-1776. 

25.  Romeo  and  Juliet.  Juliet  =  Mrs.  Jackson, 
her  1st  appearance  there. 

27.  Maid  of  the  Mill.  Fanny  =  Miss  Brown,  1st 
time. 

29.  Much  ado.  Benedick  =  Lee  :  Beatrice  —  Mrs. 
Bulkley. 

Oct.  6.  Merchant  of  Venice.     Shylock  =  Macklin. 

9-  Romeo  and  Juliet,  with  Cross  Purposes.  Grub 
=  Wilson,  his  1st  appearance  there. 

11.  She  Stoops  to  Conquer.  Hardcastle  =  Wilson. 

12.  Zara.     Osman  =  Aikin:    Chatillon=:  Hull. 

13.  Jealous  Wife.  Oakly  =  Wroughton,   1st  time  : 
Major  Oakly  =  Dunstall,  1st  time  :  Charles  =  Clinch : 
Lord  Trinket  =  Lewis  :   Sir  Harry  Beagle  =  Quick  : 
Mrs.  Oakly  =  Mrs.  Hunter,  her  3d  appearance  there  : 
LadyFreelove  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Mat- 
tocks : — with,  not  acted  8  years,  Orpheus  and  Eury- 
dice.     Harlequin  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Orpheus  =  Du- Bel- 
lamy :  Eurydice  =  Miss  Brown  :  Rhodope  =  Miss 
Dayes  :  Columbine  =  Miss  Matthews. 

16.  Wilson  acted  Justice  Woodcock. 

17.  Distressed  Mother.    Pyrrhus  =  Aikin  : — with, 
never  acted,  Weathercock.     Amyand  =  Mattocks  : 
Ready  =  Quick :  Selvyn  =  Mahon  :  Sir  Rowland  = 
Reinhold :  Delia  =  Miss  Brown  :    Harriet  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks  : — this    poor  stuff  is  attributed  to  Forest, 
who  allows   it  was  only  meant  as  a  vehicle  for  the 
songs. 

19.  Macbeth  =  Macklin  :  Duncan  =  Hull. 

20.  Not  acted  5  years,  Wonder.     Don  Felix  = 
Lewis :    Lissardo   =    Woodward :    Col.   Briton   — 
Wroughton:  Don  Pedro  =  Quick  :  Gibbyn  Wilson  : 
Violante^Mrs.  Barry:  Inis  =  Mrs.  Green. 


C.G.  1775-1776.  513 

21.  Cato  =  Sheridan,  his  1st  appearance  there  for 
16  years:  Juba  =  Wroughton  :  Syphax  =  Hull :  Sem- 
pronius  =  Clarke :  Portius  =  Aikin :  Marcus  =  Lewis  : 
Marcia  =  Mrs.  Hartley  :  Lucia  =  Mrs.  Jackson  : — 
R.  B.  Sheridan  in  a  letter  to  Linley,  says — "  my 
"  father  was  astonishingly  well  received  on  Saturday 
"  night  in  Cato." 

23.  George  Barn  well. 

24.  Not  acted  4  years,  Refusal.  Sir  Gilbert  Wran- 
gle =  Macklin  :  Frankly  =  Lewis  :  Granger  =  Mahon : 
Witling  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Cook  =:  Dunstall :  Charlotte 
=  Miss  Macklin  :  Lady  Wrangle  =  Mrs.    Green  : 
Sophronia  =  Mrs.  Lessingham . 

25.  Grecian  Daughter.     Philotas   =   Lewis,    1st 
time. 

28.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier  =  Barry  :  Pierre  = 
Sheridan,  his  2d  appearance  :  Renault  =  Clarke  : 
Priulim  Hull :  Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

30.  Henry  2d  =  Aikin,  1st  time. 

31.  Beggar's   Opera.       Peachum   =    Wilson,  1st 
time. 

Nov.  1.  Rivals.  Sir  Anthony  Absolute  =  Wilson, 
1st  time. 

3.  Never  acted  there,  Man's  the  Master.  Don 
John  =  Lewis:  Jodelet  (his  servant)  =  Woodward  : 
Don  Lewis  =  Wroughton  :  Stephano  (his  servant)  = 
Lee  Lewes  :  Don  Ferdinand  =  Dunstall :  Sancho  (his 
steward)  =  Quick  :  Isabella  (daughter  to  Don  Ferdi- 
nand) =  Miss  Leeson,  her  1st  appearance  there  : 
Bettris  (her  woman)  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Lucilla  (sis- 
ter to  Don  John)  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  : — acted  4  times — 
Don  John  arrives  at  Madrid  with  a  view  to  marry 
Isabella — he  had  sent  her  his  picture  as  he  supposed, 

VOL.  V.  L    L 


514  c.  G.  1775-1776. 

but  Jodelet  had  packed  up  his  own  picture  instead 
of  Don  John's  —Don  John  sees  Don  Lewis  descend 
from  the  balcony  of  Don  Ferdinand's  house— he  de- 
termines to  assume  the  character  of  his  Man,  and 
make  Jodelet  pass  for  the  Master — Don  Ferdinand 
and  Isabella  are  disgusted  with  Jodelet— Don  John 
falls  in  love  with  Isabella — she  falls  in  love  with  him 
— in  the  last  scene  Don  John  resumes  his  proper 
character — there  is  an  underplot  which  concerns 
Don  Lewis  and  Lucilla — Man's  the  Master  was  acted 
at  L.  I.  F.  March  26  1668 — it  was  now  revived  with 
slight  alterations — they  are  attributed  to  Woodward. 
4  and  6.  Tamerlane.  Tamerlane  —  Sheridan  : 
Bajazet  =  Barry  :  Moneses  =  Wroughton  :  Axalla  — 
Clinch  :  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Barry  :  Selima  =  Mrs.  Jack- 
son :  —  with  Commissary. 

9.  Henry  8th.     King  =  Clarke :  Wolsey  =  Lee,  1st 
time:  Buckingham  =  Wroughton  :  CranmerziHull  : 
Gardiner  —  Wilson,  1st  time:  Lord  Sands  =  Quick: 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Jackson. 

10.  Fair  Penitent.     Lothario  =  Lewis  :  Horatio  — 
Sheridan :   Sciolto  =  Barry :  Altamont  =  Wroughton : 
Calista  —  Mrs.  Barry  : — Barry  had  now  done  what 
perhaps  no  other  performer  of  repute  has  ever  done, 
before  or  since — he  had  acted  all  the  principal  parts 
in  this  play. 

13.  Alexander  the  Great.  Alexander  =  Clinch  : 
Roxana  =  Mrs.  Hunter: — with  Midas,  by  Wilson, 
1st  time. 

16.  Upholsterer.     Quidnunc  =  Dunstall :  Razor 
=  Woodward  :  Pamphlet  =  Wilson,  1st  time  :  Ter- 
magant =  Mrs.  Green. 

17.  Cato,  Sdtime.     Port 5 us  =  Clinch,  1st  time. 


c.  o.   1775-1776.  515 

21.  Never  acted,  Duenna,  Comic  Opera  by  R.  B. 
Sheridan.  Don  Ferdinand  =  Mattocks :  Isaac  = 
Quick  :  Don  Jerome  =  Wilson  :  Don  Antonio  =  Du- 
Bellamy  :  Carlos  =  Leoni :  Father  Paul  =  M ahon  : 
Lopez  =  Wewitzer  :  Duenna  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Louisa 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Clara  =  Miss  Brown  : — with  Ly- 
ing Valet.  Sharp  =  Lee  Lewes,  1st  time :  Kitty  Pry 
=  Mrs.  Pitt: — the  Duenna  was  acted  75  times— dur- 
ing the  run  of  it,  when  the  songs  in  it  were  familiar 
to  every  body,  Mrs.  Green  one  night  as  she  was  act- 
ing Mrs.  Slammekin,  took  up  the  decanter  and  walk- 
ed  off  singing  "  this  bottle's  the  sun  of  our  table," 
&c. — Harris  bought  the  copy  right  of  the  Duenna — 
Wilkinson  not  being  able  to  procure  it,  set  his  wits  to 
work,  and  having  seen  it  several  times  put  down  as 
much  as  he  could  remember — with  the  songs  which 
were  printed,  the  assistance  of  magazines  to  regulate 
the  scenes,  and  some  old  plays  with  Spanish  plots, 
he  produced  an  Opera  as  like  the  original  piece  as  he 
could  make  it — this,  he  says,  was  acted  in  many 
towns  in  Great  Britain  and  Ireland — he  adds  that 
Mrs.  Webb  had  acted  the  Duenna  in  his  Opera  many 
nights  at  Edinburgh,  and  Suett  the  Jew  at  York. 

24.  Stratagem.  Archer  =  Lewis  :  Scrub  =  Wood- 
ward :  AimwellziWroughton,  1st  time:  Boniface  = 
Dunstall  :  Sullen  =  Clarke,  1st  time  :  Mrs.  Sullen 
—  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Cherry  =  Miss  Brown  :  Dorinda  = 
Mrs.  Lessingham. 

28.  Author.  Cad wallader  =  Quick :  Young  Cape 
^Wroughton  :  Vamp  =  Wilson  :  Mrs.  Cadwallader 
=  Mrs.  Lessingham,  1st  time. 

Dec.  1.  Not  acted  8  years,  King  John.    King  John 

L   L    2 


516  c.  G.  1775-1776. 

=  Sheridan  :  Bastard  =  Lewis  :  Hubert  =  Hull  :  Salis- 
bury =  Clinch  :  King  of  France  =  Clarke  :  Dauphin 
=z  Wroughton  :  Constance  =:  Mrs.  Barry: — repeated 
on  the  15th. 

2.  Romance  of  an  Hour.  Sir  Hector  Strange- 
ways  =  Wilson,  1st  time  :  Brownlow  =  Wroughton, 
1st  time. 

5  and  6.  Citizen.  Old  Philpot  =  Shuter  :  Young 
Philpot  =  Woodward  :  Sir  Jasper  =  Dunstall :  Maria 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks: — with  Epilogue  by  Shuter  and 
Woodward — Shuter  acted  very  little  this  season — 
Wilson  had  been  engaged  to  take  his  parts. 

7-  Not  acted  6  years,  Miss  in  her  Teens.  Fribble 
=  Quick:  Flash  =  Lee  Lewes:  Puff  =  Dunstall: 
Biddy  =  Miss  Leeson  :  Tag  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

8.  Sheridan's  Night.     Not  acted   8  years,   Roman 
Father.     Horatius  =  Sheridan,   1st  time  :  Publius  = 
Lewis:  Valerius  =  Wroughton  :  Tullus]   Hostilius  — 
Clarke  :  Horatia  =  Mrs.  Barry,  1st  time  :    Valeria  = 
Mrs.  Hunter. 

9.  Not  acted  7  years,  Duke  and  no  Duke.     Trap- 
polin  =  Woodward  :  Puritan  =  Quick. 

16.  Guardian.  Heartly  =  Clarke  :  Sir  Charles 
Clackit  =  Dunstall :  Young  Clackit  =  Lee  Lewes  : 
Harriet  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Lucy  =.  Mrs.  Lessingham. 

19.  Theatrical  Fund.  Edward  and  Eleariora. 
Selim  =  Bensley,  from  D.  L. : — Barry  acted  Selim 
Nov.  14. 

29.  Hamlet.  Hamlet  =  Sheridan  :  Ghost  = 
Aikin  :  Polonius  =  Quick :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Hunter. 
(Bills  from  B.  M.) 

Jan.  1.  Richard  3d.  Richard^  Sheridan:  King 
Henry  — Clarke  :  Richmond  — Clinch  :  Buckingham 


C.G.   1775-1776.  517 

=  Hull:  Queen  =  Mrs.  Hunter,  1st  time:  L;uly 
Anne  m  Miss  Macklin. 

3.  Mrs.  Green,  and  Woodward,  acted  Catharine 
and  Petruchio. 

9.  Guardian.  Young  Clackit  =  Mrs.  Lessingham  : 
Lucy  =  Mrs.  Green. 

15.  Douglas.  Douglas  =  Webster,  being  his  1st 
appearance  on  any  stage:  Old  Norval  =  Barry,  1st 
time  :  Glenalvon  =  Aikin :  Lord  Randolph  =  Wrough- 
ton  :  Lady  Randolph  =  Mrs.  Barry  : — with  Cheats 

of  Scapin.     Scapin  =  Wilson  :    Gripe  =  Quick  : 

Webster  was  well  received  and  the  play  was  repeated 
several  times — two  of  the  characters  were  at  this 
time,  and  for  several  years,  improperly  advertised  in 
the  bills — Douglas  should  be  called  Norval — and  Old 
Norval,  Stranger — as  originally. 

17.  Deuce  is  in  him.  Col.  Tamper  =  Wroughton  : 
Prattle  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Emily  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Bell 
=  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Florival  =  Mrs.  Lessingham. 

24.  Not  acted  5  years,  Way  to  keep  him.  Love- 
more  =  Wroughton  :  Sir  Bashful  Constant  =  Quick  : 
Sir  Brilliant  Fashion  =  Lewis :  William  =  Lee 
Lewes :  Widow  Belmour  =  Miss  Barsanti :  Mrs. 
Lovemore  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Muslin  =  Mrs.  Green  : 
Lady  Constant  =  Mrs.  Lessingham. 

26.  Acted  but  once  these  8  years,  Roman  Father. 

Feb.  9-  Never  acted,  Man  of  Reason.  Sir  James 
Clifford  =  Woodward  :  Freeman  =  Clarke  :  Lestock 
=  Lee  Lewes  :  Dr.  Wilmington  =  Aikin  :  Wilming- 
ton =  Wroughton  :  Wyndham  =  Lewis  :  Flavella  = 
Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Miss  Wilmington  =  Mrs.  Mattocks: 
Lady  Winterley  =  Mrs.  Hunter:  Mrs.  Glowworm  = 
Mrs.  Green  :  Mrs.  Freeman  =  Mrs.  Pitt:— (B.  M.) 


518  c.  Q.  1775-1776. 

— this  C.  was  written  by  Kelly,  and  acted  but  once — 
it  is  not  printed. 

10.  Musical  Lady.  Mask  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Old 
Mask  =  Quick  :  Sophy  =  Miss  Barsanti. 

22.  King  Lear.  Lear  =  Barry :  Edgar  =  Web- 
ster, 6th  appearance:  Bastard  =  Aikin,  1st  time: 
Kent  =  Clarke:  Gloster  =  Hull:  Cordelia  =  Mrs. 
Bulkley. 

26.  Cato  =  Sheridan,  3d  time  : — with,  Never  acted, 
Syrens.     Capt.   Grenade  =  Mattocks :    Lieutenant 
Pendant  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Gale  =  Quick  :    Forecastle  = 
Wilson  :  Parthenope  (an  Enchantress)  =  Mrs.   Mat- 
tocks :  Doris  (a  wanton  Nymph)  =  Miss  Barsanti : 
Margery  =  Mrs.  Pitt : there  are  several  other  cha- 
racters— this  is  a  Masque  in  2  acts  by  Capt.  Thomp- 
son— the  author  quotes  Dr.  Johnson's  Dictionary  to 
show  that  a  Masque  may  be  written  without  atten- 
tion to  rules  or  probability — but  some  attention  to  con- 
sistency is  indispensable — in  this  piece  the  Syrens — 
Wizards — Witches — Fairies — the  Winds  personified 
— the  Spirit  of  a  Druid — and  the  crew  of  an  English 
ship  are  all  jumbled   together   in   the  most  absurd 
manner  possible. 

27.  Webster's  bt.  King  Lear,  and  Cross  Purposes. 
March  5.    Sheridan's    bt.    Not    acted    20  years, 

Double  Dealer.  Maskwell  =  Sheridan  :  Sir  Paul 
Plyant  =  Quick :  Careless  —  Lewis:  Brisk  =  Lee 
Lewes:  Mellefont  =  Wroughton  :  Lord  Touchwood 
—  Clarke  :  Lord  Froth  =  Booth  :  Lady  Touch  wood  = 
a  Lady:  Lady  Froth  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Lady  Plyant  = 
Mrs.  Mattocks. 

16.  Barry's  bt.  Douglas,  with  Comus.     Comus  = 


c.  G.  1775-1776.  .oil) 

Webster,  1st  time  :  Lady  =  Mrs.  Harry,  1st  time  :- 
Webster  is  almost  the  only  professed  singer  who  was 
a  good  actor. 

18.  Mrs.   Barry's   bt.    Never  acted  there,    Fatal 
Discovery.     Ronan  =  Webster  :    Orellan  =   Barry, 
1st  time  :  Durstan  =  Aikin  :  Kathul  =  Hull:    Con- 
nan  =.  Wroughton  :    Rivine  =  Mrs.   Barry  : — with 
Comus. 

19.  Woodward's  bt.  As  you  like  it.     (see  Jan.  24 
1775.)      Touchstone  =  Woodward  : —  with,   never 
acted,  Impostors,  or  a  Cure   for  Credulity,    (story 
from  Gil  Bias.)     Lopez  =  Woodward  :  Don  Credu- 
loso  =  Wilson  :    Pedro   —  Wroughton  :    Jacinta  = 
Mrs.  Pitt :  Florentine  =  Miss   Dayes  : — (/?.  M.) — 
not  printed. 

23.  Lee's  bt.  King  Lear  — Lee  :  Edgar  =  Lewis. 

30.  For  bt.  of  Lewis.  Suspicious  Husband. 
Ranger  =  Lewis,  1st  time  : — with,  never  acted,  Three 
Weeks  after  Marriage.  Sir  Charles  Racket  =.  Lewis  : 
Drugget  =  Qui  ck  :  Lady  Racket  =  Mrs.  Mattocks: 
Mrs.  Drugget  =  Mrs.  Pitt :  Dimity  =  Mrs.  Green  : — 
the  performers'  names  only  were  announced  in  the 
bills,  as  if  it  had  been  a  new  Farce,  whereas  it  really 
was—"  What  we  must  all  come  to" — which  was 
damned  at  C.  G.  on  Jan.  the  9th  1764,  and  which 
was  now  acted  with  great  success. 

April  9.  Clarke  acted  Dionysius,  1st  time. 

10.  Alexander  the  Great.  Roxana  =  Mrs. 
Hunter. 

13.  Miss  Macklin's  bt.  Merchant  of  Venice. 
Shylock  =  Macklin  :  Anthonio  =  Clarke  :  Bassanio  = 
Wroughton :  Gratiano  =  Lee  Lewes :  Lorenzo  = 
Mattocks:  Launcelot  =  Quick  :  Portia  =  Miss  Mack- 


520  c.  G.   1775-1776. 

lin  :  Jessica  =  Miss  Dayes :  Nerissa  =  Mrs.  Lessing- 
ham  : — with  Love  a-la-Mode.  Sir  Archy  Macsar- 
casm  =  Macklin  :  Squire  Groom  =:  Woodward  :  Sir 
Callaghan  O'Brallaghan  —  Mahon  :  Beau  Mordecai 
=  Quick  :  Sir  Theodore  Goodchild  =  Dunstall : 
Charlotte  —  Miss  Macklin. 

16.  Busy  Body.  Sir  Francis  Gripe  =  Quick,  1st 
time. 

19.  DuristalFs  bt.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Clodio 
=  Woodward:  Carlos  ^Wroughton,  1st  time:  Don 
Choleric  -  Dunstall :  Sancho  —  Quick  :  Angelina  = 
Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Elvira  =  Miss  Macklin  :  Louisa  = 
Miss  Ambrose. 

22.  Clinch  acted  Dionysius. 

26.  Miss  Barsanti's  bt.     Never  acted  there,  All  in 
the  Wrong.     Sir  John  Restless  —  Lee  Lewes :   Be- 
verley  =  Lewis:    Belinda  =  Miss  Barsanti :    Lady 
Restless  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  with  the  Occasional  Pre- 
lude in  which  Miss  Barsanti  made  her  1st  appear- 
ance— and  St.  Patrick's  Day. 

27.  Lee  Lewes'  bt.     Love  for  Love.    Valentine  = 
Lewis :    Tattle  =  Woodward  :  Foresight  =  Quick  : 
Beti  =  Wilson  :   Sir  Sampson  Legend  =  Dunstall : 
Scandal  =  Hull :   Jeremy  =  Lee  Lewes  :   Angelica  = 
Miss  Macklin  :    Mrs.  Frail  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :    Miss 
Prue  =  Mrs.   Mattocks  :    Nurse  =  Mrs.  Pitt: — with, 
never  acted  there,  Irish  Widow.     Whittle = Wilson  : 
Kecksey  =  Lee  Lewes :    Thomas  =  Gentleman,  in 
imitation  of  Weston  :    Mrs.  Brady  =  Mrs.  Lessing- 
ham. 

29.  Fair  Penitent.    Lothario  =  Webster,  1st  time  : 
Horatio  =  Aikin,  1st  time. 

30.  Wilson's  bt.     Rivals.    Sir  Anthony  Absolute 


c.  G.,  1775-1776.  521 

=  Wilson,  2(1  time  :  David  =  We witzer  : — rest  as  ori- 
ginally—with Man  of  Quality.  Lord  Foppington 
=  Woodward  :  Young  Fashion  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Sir 
Tunbelly  Clumsey  =  Wilson  :  Miss  Hoyden  =  Mrs. 
Wilson,  1st  time  :  Nurse = Mrs.  Pitt. 

May  1.  Mrs.  Jackson's  bt.  Never  acted  there, 
Eldred,  or  the  British  Freeholder.  Eldred  =  Jack- 
son :  Elidure  =  Lewis:  Brennus  =  Aikin  :  Locrinc 
=  Hull :  Edweria  =  Mrs.  Jackson. 

3.  Edward  and  Eleanora.     Selim  =  Barry. 

6.  For  bt.  of  Wild  and  Mahon.  Acted  there  but 
once,  Amphitryon.  Jupiter  =  Lewis  :  Sosia=  Wood- 
ward :  Mercury  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Gripus  =.  Quick  : 
Amphitryon  =  Wroughton  :  Alcmena  =  Mrs.  Hartley  : 
Phaedra  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

8.  Moss,  from  Edinburgh,  played  Kecksey. 

10.  Shuter's  bt.     Henry  4th  part  1st.     Falstaff= 
Shuter  :  Hotspur  :=  Wroughton,  1st  time  :    Prince  of 
Wales  =  Lewis  :  King  =  Clarke  :  Poins  =.  Lee  Lewes  : 
Sir  Richard  Vernon  =  Hull :  Carriers  =  Dunstall  and 
Quick :  Lady  Percy  =  Mrs.  Hartley :  Hostess  =  Mrs. 
Pitt. 

11.  Distressed  Mother.      Pyrrhus  =  Wroughton, 
1st  time. 

13.  Funeral.  Lord  Hardy  =.  Wroughton  :  Trim 
=  Wilson,  1st  time  :  Campley  =  Lewis  :  Trusty  = 
Hull :  Lord  Brumpton  =  Clarke  :  Sable  —  Quick : 
Puzzle  =  Dunstall:  Lady  Brumpton  — Miss  Barsanti: 
Lady  Chariot  =  Miss  Macklin  :  Lady  Harriet  =  Mrs. 
Bulkley  :  Fardingale  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Tattleaid  = 
Mrs.  Pitt. 

22.  West  Indian.  Belcour  =  Lewis  :  Major  O'Fla- 
herty=Aikin:  Stockwell  =  Clarke  :  Charles  Dudley 


c.  G.   1775-1776. 

=  Wroughton  :  Capt.  Dudley  =  Hull :  Varland  = 
Quick  :  Fulmer  =  Dunstall :  Charlotte  Rusport  = 
Miss  Barsanti :  Lady  Rusport  =  Mrs.  Green  :  Louisa 
Dudley^ Mrs.  Bulkley. 

Junel.  Duenna,  75th  time,  and  Three  Weeks 
after  Marriage,  15th  time — last  performance.  (Bills 
from  Mr  Woodfatt.) 

Edward  Shuter  died  Nov.  1  1776— he  acted  for 
the  last  time  at  his  benefit,  when  his  performance 
was  very  different  from  what  it  had  formerly  been — 
between  the  bottle  and  the  tabernacle  his  faculties 
were  nearly  gone— he  was  more  bewildered  in  his 
brain  by  wishing  to  acquire  imaginary  grace  than  by 
all  his  drinking — like  Mawworm,  be  believed  he  had 
a  call ;  he  was  a  constant  attendant  on  Whitfield, 
and  was  bountiful  to  the  tabernacle.  (  Wilkinson.} 

With  strong  features,  a  peculiar  turn  of  counte- 
nance, arid  a  natural  passion  for  humour,  he  had 
the  happiness  of  disposing  and  altering  the  muscles 
of  his  face  into  a  variety  of  laughable  shapes,  which, 
tho'  they  might  sometimes  border  on  grimace,  were 
however  irresistibly  comic — his  voice  did  not  afford 
much  natural  variety,  but  it  abounded  in  affected 
tones  and  whimsical  variations — in  a  word,  his 
countenance,  behaviour  and  person  formed  a  picture 
truly  laughable.  (  Theatrical  Biography.} 

He  was  a  lively  shrewd  companion  ;  superiour 
whim  and  humour  never  inhabited  a  human  breast, 
for  what  he  said  and  did  was  all  his  own,  as  it  was 
with  difficulty  he  could  read  the  parts  he  had  to  play; 
and  as  to  writing,  he  had  attained  to  sign  an  order, 
but  no  more — he  was  the  delight  of  all  that  knew  him 
on  or  off  the  stage— the  gifts  that  nature  had  bestowed 


c.  <>.   1775-1776. 

on  him,  he  made  shine  riot  only  conspicuously,  but 
brilliantly—  (Wilkinson) — he  seems  to  have  been 
another  Penkethman  ;  irresistibly  comic  and  in  full 
possession  of  the  Galleries  :  he  would  now  and  then 
act  chastely,  but  in  general  he  was  too  luxuriant — 
— Churchill  says  of  him — 

"  Shuter,  who  never  cared  a  single  pin 
"  Whether  he  left  out  nonsense  or  put  in." 

He  had  a  happy  knack  of  singing  in  such  parts  as 
Midas — among  his  best  characters  may  be  reckoned 
—Master  Stephen,  Falstaff,  Corbaccio,  Mrs.  Loveit, 
Old  Philpot,  Justice  Woodcock,  and  Grub. 


Shuter's  characters. 

Chapman  is  said  to  have  perceived  strong  marks 
of  low  humour  in  Shuter  and  to  have  brought  him  on 
the  stage — this  is  no  doubt  correct — Shuter  acted  the 
Schoolboy  for  Chapman's  bt.  at  C.  G.  April  15  1745, 
when  he  was  said  in  the  bill  never  to  have  appeared 
on  the  stage  before— he  had  however  acted  Catesby 
in  Richard  the  3d  in  Chapman's  theatre  at  Richmond 
on  July  8  1744 — he  repeated  the  Schoolboy  for  Mor- 
gan's bt.  at  D.  L.  on  June  5  1745— on  Aug.  25  he 
acted  Donalbain  and  Cheatly  at  Richmond — Garrick, 
on  his  return  from  Ireland,  performed  6  nights  at 
C.  G.  in  June  1746,  when  Master  Shuter,  as  he  was 
called  in  the  bills,  acted  Osrick  and  3d  \\  itch— in 
1746-1747  he  joined  an  inferiour  company  who  had 


524  c.G.   1775-1776. 

opened  a  theatre  in  Goodman's  Fields — from  April 
to  June  he  seems  to  have  been  engaged  under  Foote 
at  the  Hay. 

D.  L.  1747.1748.  William  in  As  you  like  it- 
Taylor  in  Provoked  Wife — *iri  George  Dandin — 
Valet  in  Suspicious  Husband — Trapland — Diego  in 
She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not — Squire  Richard. 

Hay.  1748-1749.  *Sir  Gregory  Gazette  in  Knights. 

D.  L.  1749-1750.  *In  Little  French  Lawyer, 
and  Spanish  Curate,  as  Farces— Gentleman  Usher 
in  Lear — Lord  Froth — Clincher  Jun. — Sly  in  Love's 
last  Shift — in  Rehearsal — Puritan  in  Duke  and  no 
Duke — Sir  Philip  Modelove — Stephano  in  Dryden's 
Tempest  —  Jeremy  in  Love  for  Love  —  Caper  in 
Friendship  in  Fashion  —  Verges  in  Much  ado  — 
Launcelot  in  M.  of  V. —  Gibbet  —  Capt.  Flash  — 
Kate  Matchlock. 

1750-1751.  Shallow  in  Merry  Wives— Corin  in 
As  you  like  it— 'Drunken  Servant  in  Pilgrim — Re- 
cruit in  R.  O.— Petulant — Tipkin  in  T.  H. — Captain 
Strut  in  Double  Gallant — *in  Queen  Mab— Adam 
in  As  you  like  it— Clown  in  Twelfth  Night— Ananias 
in  Alchemist — Starved  Cook  in  Miser — *  Pedro  in 
Gil  Bias — Petit  in  Inconstant — Sir  Albany  Odelove 
in  Bays  in  Petticoats — *in  a  Lick  at  the  Town. 

1751-1752.  Ramilie  in  Miser — Lory  in  Relapse 
— Foresight — Lucianus  in  Hamlet — Daniel  in  Oroo- 
noko — Security  in  Eastward  Hoe — Master  Stephen 
— *Lord  Dupe  in  Taste — Cockade  in  Man  of  Taste 
— Squire  Badger  in  Don  Quixote  in  England. 

1752-1753.  Lord  Sands  in  Henry  8th— Phelim 
in  Double  Disappointment— Sir  Amorous  La  Foole 


c.  a.  1775-1770.  ,525 

in  Silent  Woman— Periwinkle— Mustapha  in  Don 
Sebastian — Scrub— Fribble— in  Cheats  of  Scapin— 
Sly,  or  Thrifty. 

C.  G.  1753.1754.  Lovegold  in  Miser— Trim  — 
Trappanti  —  Sir  Wilful  Witwou'd  —  Touchstone- 
Brass — Corbaccio  in  Volpone — Old  Mirabel — Prigg 
in  Royal  Merchant —  Syringe  in  Relapse — Lying 
Valet — *Autolicus  in  Sheep-Shearing — Richard  the 
3d— Fluellin— Master  Slender. 

1754.1755.  Snap  in  Love's  last  Shift— Sir  Paul 
Plyant — Menenius  in  Sheridan's  alteration  of  Corio- 
lanus — Gentleman  Usher  in  Rehearsal — 1st  Grave- 
digger  in  Hamlet — Ben  in  Love  for  Love — Falstaff 
in  Henry  4th  part  1st — Mercutio — Bayes — Jaqueline 
in  Fatal  Marriage — Fondlewife. 

1755-1756.  *Macruthen  in  Englishman  returned 
from  Paris — Gibby — Lady  Pentweazel  in  Taste — 
Trappolin — Beau  Clincher. 

1756-1757.  Humorous  Lieutenant — Shorthose 
in  Wit  without  Money — Ned  Blunt  in  Rover — 
Squire  Sapskull  in  Honest  Yorkshireman — Petru- 
chio  in  C.  arid  P. — Teague  in  Committee — Old  Man 
and  Lord  Chalkstone  in  Lethe. 

1757-1758.  Scapin— Geta  in  Prophetess— Bar- 
naby  Brittle  in  Amorous  Widow — *in  Anniversary, 
or  Sequel  to  Lethe  —  Col.  Feignwell  —  Falstaff  in 
Merry  Wives. 

1758-1759.  Cimberton  in  C.  L.  — Sir  Francis 
Wronghead — Gomez  in  S.  F.— Dash  well  in  London 
Cuckolds— Don  Manuel — Marplot — *Dr.  Matho  in 
Lady's  Choice — Thomas  Filbert  in  What  d'ye  call  it 
— Shylock — Don  Lewis  in  Love  makes  a  Man — 
Guzzle  in  Cobler  of  Preston. 


526  c.  G.  1775-1776. 

1759-1760.  Justice  Clack  in  Jovial  Crew— *Ran- 
dal  in  Spirit  of  Contradiction — Numps  in  Tender 
Husband — Sir  Joseph  Wittol. 

1760-1761.  Squire  Groom  —  Young  Cash  in 
Wife's  Relief—  *Macfinin  in  English  Tars  in  America. 

1761-1762.  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  2d— *Pa- 
pillion  in  Lyar — Vellum  —  Alphonso  in  Pilgrim — 
Major  Oakly — Colly  in  Merry  Counterfeit — Sir  John 
Brute — in  Twins,  or  Comedy  of  Errors — no  doubt 
one  of  the  Dromios — Gaffer  Gubbins  in  Dragon  of 
Wantley — Moneytrap. 

1762-1763.  Sir  Francis  Gripe — Honeycombe  in 
P.  H — Old  Philpot— Clown  in  All's  well— *  Justice 
Woodcock — Sir  Callaghan  in  Love  a-la-Mode. 

1763-1764.  Pamphlet  in  Upholsterer— Sir  William 
Belfond  in  Squire  of  Alsatia — Sir  John  English  in 
Country  Lasses — *Sir  Philip  Figurein  in  No  one's 
enemy  but  his  own — *Drugget  in  What  we  must  all 
come  to— Midas  —  *in  False  Concord,  probably  Sudley 
— Crack  in  Sir  Courtly  Nice — Polonius — *in  Absent 
Man  by  Hull. 

1764-1765.  *Sir  Liquorish  Trapgold  in  Guardian 
Outwitted— Grumio — *Sir  Harry  Sycamore — Statira 
in  Mock  Rival  Queens — Old  Mask  in  Musical  Lady. 

Hay.  1765.  *  Gruel  and  *Mrs.  Loveit  in  Com- 
missary. 

C.  G.^1765-1766.  *Sir  Antony  Withers  in  Sum- 
mer's Tale — *Mr.  Belmont  in  Double  Mistake — 
Sancho  in  Mistake— Old  Bellair  in  Man  of  the  Mode 
— Peachum — *Ned  in  All  in  the  Right. 

1766-1767.  *Kreigsman  in  Accomplished  Maid 
— *Oldcastle  in  School  for  Guardians — *  Guzman  in 
Perplexities — *Wagg  in  Love  in  the  City. 


c.  G.    1775- 17T6.  527 

Hay.  1767.  *Abrahamides  in  Tailors  —  Hartop 
in  Knights— in  Orators. 

C.  G.  1767-1768.  Freeport  in  English  Merchant 
—  *Vandunke  in  Royal  Merchant,  as  Opera  — 
*Croaker  in  Good-natured  .Man— Col.  Oldboy  — 
Coupee  in  Virgin  Unmasked— *  Hearty  in  Cottagers. 

1768-1769.     *  Western  in  Tom  Jones. 

1769-1770.  *Cross  in  Man  and  Wife  — *  Alexan- 
der  in  Court  of  Alexander. 

1770-1771.  Capt.  Ironsides  —  *  Pantaloon  in 
Portrait. 

1771-1772.  *Sir  Andrew  Melville  in  Hour  before 
Marriage  — ^Governor  Anderson  in  Wife  in  the  Right. 

1772-1773.  Gardiner  in  Henry  8th — *Grub  in 
Cross  Purposes  —  Obediah  Prim  — *Hardcastle  — 
Gripus  in  Amphitryon — Griskin  in  Trip  to  Scotland. 

1773-1774.  Major  O'Flaherty--*Sir  Solomon 
Bauble  in  Duellist — *Golding  in  Man  of  Business — 
in  South  Briton— probably  Sir  Terence  O'Shaughnesy. 

1774-1775.  Dogberry — *Sir  Hector  Strangeways 
in  Romance  of  an  Hour — *Sir  Anthony  Absolute. 

Shuter  was  in  Ireland  in  the  Summers  of  l?6l 
and  1763,  but  he  does  not  seem  to  have  played  any 
new  character  there. 


Originally. 


528  HAY.  1776. 


HAY.  1776. 


The  theatre  was  opened  in  May,  and  then  shut 
again  till  D.  L.  closed  —few  of  the  plays  had  the 
name  of  the  characters  in  the  bills. 

May  20  or  22.  Bankrupt.  Sir  Robert  Riscounter 
=  Foote  :  Sir  James  Biddulph  =  J.  Aikin  :  Pillage  = 
Palmer  :  Resource  —  Fearon  :  Margin  =  Baddeley  : 
Robin  =  Whitfield  :  Phelim  O'Flam  =  Bannister  : 
James  =  R.  Palmer:  Lady  Riscounter— Miss  Sherry: 
Lydia  =  Mrs.  Jewell :  Lucy —  Miss  Ambrose  :  Kitty 
=  Miss  Platt. 

June  12.  Never  acted,  the  Contract.  Col.  Love- 
more  (an  old  bachelor)  =  Parsons :  Commodore  Cap- 
stern  =  Bannister  :  Captain  Spritely  =  R.  Palmer : 
Martin  =  Whitfield  :  Miss  Eleanor  Briggs  (an  old 
maid)  =  Mrs.  Gardner  :  Maria  =  Miss  Essex  :  Betty 
=  Miss  Platt: — Col.  Lovemore  and  Miss  Eleanor 
Briggs,  when  young,  formed  a  mutual  attachment — 
being  prevented  by  their  friends  from  marrying,  they 
entered  into  a  Contract  never  to  marry  any  body 
else — after  a  lapse  of  many  years  the  Colonel  returns 
from  abroad — he  is  become  enamoured  of  Maria, 
and  Miss  Briggs  of  Capt.  Spritely — they  both  wish 
to  get  rid  of  the  contract — the  Colonel  introduces 
Maria  as  his  niece — Miss  Briggs  introduces  Capt. 
Spritely  as  her* nephew — the  old  people  tear  the 
contract — but  on  finding  that  Capt.  Spritely  and 
Maria  are  mutually  in  love,  they  agree  to  fulfil  the 
contract,  that  they  may  not  be  laughed  at this  is 


HAY.    17 

a  pretty  good  C.  in  2   acts—  it  is  attributed  to  Dr. 
Franklin—  see  Cross  Partners  Hay.  Aug.  &3  1792. 

19.  Cozeners,  with  an  additional  scene  —  Dr.  Hel- 
lebore =  Baddeley  :  Prig  =  Parsons  :  -  Edwin  made 
his  1st  appearance  this  night  —he  was  on  the  Irish 
stage  in  17&5-1766  —  and  was  engaged  at  Bath  about 
1768  —  he  came  to  the  Hay.  to  supply  the  place  of 
Weston  in  some  degree  —  his  1st  character  was  Flaw, 
when  his  success  was  not  equal  to  the  expectations 
of  his  friends  —  but  in  Jobson  he  was  received  with 
great  applause,  and  his  3d  character,  Billy  Button, 
established  his  reputation.  (Edwin's  Life.) 

July  8.  Padlock.     Don  Diego  =  Edwin. 

10.  Orators,  and  Taste.  Foote  acted  Lady  Pent- 
weazel,  and  Lecturer. 

16.  Nabob  -  20.  Maid  of  Bath. 

27.  Patron.  Sir  Thomas  Lofty  =  Foote  :  Sir  Peter 
Pepperpot  =  Whitfield  :  Rust  —  Parsons. 

Aug.  2.  Foote  acted  Bayes—  his  performance  in 
this  part  was  an  odd  mixture  of  his  own  dialogue 
and  that  of  the  original  piece,  which  he  contrived  to 
make  coalesce  as  well  as  he  could  —  his  fancy  was  so 
exuberant,  his  conceptions  so  ready,  and  his  thoughts 
so  brilliant,  that  he  kept  the  audience  in  continual 
laughter  —  public  transactions,  the  flying  follies  of 
the  day,  debates  in  grave  assemblies,  absurdities  of 
play-writers,  politicians  and  players,  all  came  under 
his  cognizance  and  all  felt  the  force  of  his  wit  ; 
in  short  he  laid  hold  of  every  thing  and  every 
body,  that  would  furnish  materials  for  the  evening. 


17.  Never  acted,  the  Capuchin.     O'Donnovan  (the 
Capuchin)  =  Foote  :  Sir  Harry  Hamper  =  Parsons  : 

VOL.    V.  M    M 


530  HAY.  1776. 

Dr.  Viper  (his  travelling  tutor)  =  Palmer  :  Minnikin 
(a  pin-maker)  —  Edwin  :  Kit  Codling  (a  fishmonger) 
=  Bannister:  Dick  Drugget  —  R.  Palmer :  Tromfort 
(an  innkeeper)  =  Baddeley  :  Colonel  —  L'Estrange  : 
Mrs.  Minnikin  =  Miss  Sherry  :  Mrs.  Clack  (her 
sister)  =  Miss  Platt :  Jenny  Minnikin  =  Mrs.  Jewell. 
The  Trip  to  Calais  and  the  Capuchin  were  printed 
together  in  1778 — in  the  Trip  to  Calais,  Minnikin 
wishes  Jenny  to  marry  Kit  Codling — she  is  in  love 
with  Dick  Drugget,  her  father's  apprentice — Dick 
and  Jenny  run  off  to  Calais — they  are  soon  followed 
by  Minnikin  and  his  family — Tromfort  recommends 
Jenny  to  put  herself  into  a  convent  for  the  present 
— as  Jenny  pretends  to  have  an  inclination  to  turn 
Catholic,  there  is  some  difficulty  in  getting  her  out  of 
the  convent — Mrs.  Clack,  who  is  a  mantua-maker, 
and  who  had  worked  for  Lady  Kitty  Crocodile,  ap- 
plies to  her  ladyship  for  her  interest — at  the  conclu- 
sion Lady  Kitty  takes  Jenny  under  her  protection  as 
a  humble  companion  —  Lady  Kitty  receives  Mrs. 
Clack  in  the  Chamber  of  Tears — she  affects  to  be 
inconsolable  for  the  death  of  her  husband,  and  con- 
cludes the  scene  with  having  a  fit — she  falls  on  the 
ground  unintentionally,  and  curses  the  chair  for  hav- 
ing missed  it — Foote  meant  Lady  Kitty  for  the 
Duchess  of  Kingston — the  Duchess,  when  a  young 
woman,  had  made  herself  much  talked  of  for  going 
to  a  masquerade  in  the  character  of  Iphigenia  as 
about  to  be  sacrificed — the  Duchess  was  suspected 
of  bigamy,  and  afterwards  convicted  of  it — Lady 
Kitty  alludes  to  Iphigenia — and  recommends  Jenny 

to  marry  both  her  suitors by  the  interest  of  the 

Duchess,  the  Trip  to  Calais  was  refused  a  license — 


MAY.  1776.  .531 

and  Foote  was  obliged  to  alter  his  piece  to  the 
Capuchin— instead  of  Lady  Kitty,  he  introduced  Sir 
Harry  Hamper  and  Dr.  Viper— he  also  considerably 
extended  the  character  of  O'Donnovan  —  Sir  Harry, 
who  was  originally  a  tradesman,  had  succeeded  to  a 
title  and  a  good  fortune  by  the  death  of  his  brother 
— tho'  he  is  70  years  old,  yet  he  wishes  to  acquire 
all  the  fashionable  vices  —  O'Donnovan  and  Dr. 
Viper  assist  Sir  Harry  in  a  plan  for  seducing  Jenny 
— she  is  rescued  by  her  friends — the  Capuchin  is  a 
better  play  than  the  Trip  to  Calais. 

Sept.  2.  Jewell's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  Double 
Dealer.  Maskwell  =  Palmer:  Sir  Paul  Plyant  = 
Foote  :  Careless  =  J.  Aikin  :  Brisk  =  Whitfield  : 
Lord  Froth  =  Parsons  :  Lord  Touchwood  =  Fearon  : 
Mellefont^L'Estrange  :  Lady  Touchwood  =  Miss 
Sherry  :  Lady  Froth  =  Miss  Ambrose  :  Lady  Ply  ant 
=  Mrs.  Gardiner. 

Foote  acted  every  night  the  last  week — in  the 
course  of  the  season  Baddeley  acted  Mrs.  Loveit  and 
Vamp — Parsons  acted  Jerry  Sneak  and  Sir  Gregory 
Gazette. 

Foote  seems  to  have  begun  the  Trip  to  Calais  in 
1774,  and  to  have  finished  it  in  1775 — it  has  been 
said,  but  not  proved,  that  Foote  wanted  to  extort  an 
unreasonable  sum  of  money  from  the  Duchess  for 
the  suppression  of  his  play — when  he  was  refused  a 
license  for  it,  he  said  nobody  could  prevent  him  from 
reviving  the  Funeral,  and  that  he  would  play  Lady 
Brumpton  himself — Foote  wrote  to  the  Licenser  and 
published  his  letter  as  an  appeal  to  the  Public  in 
1775 — he  also  wrote  to  the  Duchess  and  said,  that  a 
Member  of  the  Privy  Council  having  stated  to  him 

M  M   2 


532  HAY.   1776. 

that  the  publication  of  the  Trip  to  Calais,  with  the 
dedication  and  preface,  would  be  of  infinite  ill  con- 
sequence to  her  affairs,  he  would  give  up  to  that 
consideration,  what  neither  her  Grace's  offers,  nor 
the  threats  of  her  agents  could  obtain. 

To  this  the  Duchess  answered — "  A  Member  of 
"  your   Privy  Council   can  never  hope  to  be   of  a 
"  Lady's  Cabinet— I  know  too  well  what  is  due  to  my 
"  own  dignity  to  enter  into  a  compromise  with  an 
"  extortionate  assassin   of   private  reputation — if  I 
"  before  abhorred  you  for  your  slander,  I  now  despise 
"  you  for  your  concessions  —it  is  a  proof  of  the   illi- 
"  berality  of  your  satire,  when  you  can   publish   or 
"  suppress  it,  as  best  suits  the  needy  convenience  of 
"  your  purse — you  had  first  the  cowardly  baseness 
"  to  draw  the  sword,  and  if  I  sheath  it,  till  I  make 
«'  you  crouch  like  the   subservient  vassal  you  are, 
"  then  there  is  not  spirit  in  an  injured  woman,  nor 
"  meanness   in   a   slanderous   buffoon"  —  she   then 
abuses  Foote's  family  ;  talks  of  being  clothed  in  her 
innocence,  &c. — and  concludes  with  a  P.  S.  that   he 
should  have  had  the  letter  sooner,  but   the  Servant 
had  been  a  long  time  in  writing  it. 

Foote  in  reply  said — that  he  had  rejected  her 
splendid  offers  for  suppressing  the  Trip  to  Calais, 
with  the  contempt  they  deserved  ;  and  that  the  pro- 
tection of  the  public  had  placed  him  beyond  the 
reach  of  her  bounty  *  *  *  — that  in  those  scenes, 
which  she  so  unaccountably  applies  to  herself,  there 
is  not  the  slightest  hint  at  the  little  incidents  of  her 
life — that  he  is  happy  however  to  hear  that  her  robe 
of  innocence  is  in  such  perfect  repair — that  he  was 
afraid  it  might  have  been  a  little  the  worse  for  wear  ; 


HAY.   1770.  533 

and  hopes  it  may  hold  out  to  keep  her  warm  th.  fol- 
lowing winter — he  then  triumphantly  vindicates  big 
father  and  mother,  and  says  that  the  latter,  tho' 
she  lived  to  be  80,  was  married  but  once— which 
would  surprise  her  Grace — he  adds,  "pray  is  not 

"  J n   the   name    of   your   female   confidential 

"  Secretary— the  pious  Parson,  whom  you  have  cori- 
"  verted  into  a  chambermaid,"  &c.  ( Town  ami 
"  Country  Magazine  1775.) 

Dr.  Jackson  was  the  person  whom  Foote  in  the 
Capuchin  calls  Dr.  Viper —he  resided  mostly  at  the 
Duchess  of  Kingston's  house — he  encouraged  the 
prosecution  against  Foote — he  was  himself  after- 
wards  sentenced  to  be  hanged  for  rebellion  in  Ire- 
land— see  Royalty  theatre  1787. 

What  Foote  says  to  the  Duchess  about  there  being 
nothing  in  the  scenes  applicable  to  her,  is  either 
ironical,  or  impudent  to  the  last  degree. 

Lady  Kitty  Crocodile  was  said  to  have  been  at 
the  same  time  a  Maid  of  Honour,  a  married  woman, 

and  a  W e. 

From  the  first  report  of  Foote's  Trip  to  Calais 
being  in  contemplation,  obscure  hints  and  inm-mlo.^ 
appeared  occasionally  in  the  newspapers  relative  to 
his  private  character;  which,  from  their  partirularly 
appearing  in  the  newspaper  of  which  Jackson  \\  ,t- 
editor,  the  public  unanimously  attributed  to  this 
man — Foote  felt  much  embarrassed  under  this  load 
of  obloquy,  and  for  some  time  hesitated  what  to  do- 
ne took  the  advice  of  a  select  party  of  his  frieml-  ; 
who  were  unanimous  for  his  opening  the  theatre  at 
the  usual  time,  and  throwing  himself  on  the  pro. 
tion  of  the  public-  accordingly  on  May  20  the  house 


BATH   1775-1776. 

was  opened  with  the  Bankrupt — when  the  curtain 
drew  up,  Foote  made  a  very  proper  address  to  the 
audience,  and  was  honoured  both  at  that  moment, 
and  throughout  the  whole  course  of  the  Comedy,  with 
the  most  unbounded  applause — the  plan  however  was 
too  deeply  laid  to  be  abandoned  for  this  temporary 
check — after  an  interval  of  some  few  months  the 
affair  was  brought  into  the  King's  Bench,  when  a 
special  jury  without  leaving  the  box  returned  a  ver- 
dict in  Foote's  favour — but  tho'  Foote  was  honour- 
ably acquitted,  yet  the  stigma  of  the  charge  preyed 
on  his  mind,  and  shortened  his  life— Cooke  in  his 
Life  of  Foote  gives  a  very  good  account  of  the  whole 
business. 


BATH  1775.1776. 

Oct.  17.  Chances.     Don  John  =  Henderson. 

21.  Hypocrite.  Dr.  Cantwell  =  Blisset :  Darnley 
=  Dimond  :  Col.  Lambert  =  Didier  :  Mawworm  = 
Edwin:  Charlotte  =  Mrs.  Didier: — with  Guardian. 
Sir  Charles  Clackit  =  Edwin. 

24.  Revenge,  Ghost,  and  Recruiting  Serjeant. 

Dec.  2.  English  Merchant.  Freeport  =  Keasberry : 
Lord  Falbridge  =  Dimond  :  Molly  =  Mrs.  Didier  : — 
with  Dragon  of  Wantley.  Gaffer  Gubbins  =  Edwin. 


LIVERPOOL    BILLS    1776. 

14.  Edward  and  Eleanora.  Edward=:I)imon»l  : 
Selim  =  Henderson  :  Eleanora  =  Miss  Mansell. 

16.  By  Command  of  the  Duke  and  Duchess  of 
Cumberland.  She  Stoops  to  Conquer,  and  Two 
Misers. 

No  more  bills. 

Henderson,  during  the  summer  of  1775  had  per- 
formed with  Reddish  at  Bristol,  where  from  the 
accidental  indisposition  of  a  performer  on  Aug.  tin- 
17th  he  played  Falstaff—  (Ireland) — he  is  said  to 
have  played  Oakly  at  Bath  and  Alcanor  at  some  other 
place — the  precise  time  is  uncertain. 


LIVERPOOL  BILLS  1776. 

June  7.  Busy  Body.  Sir  Francis  Gripe  =  Wilson  : 
Miranda  =  Mrs.  Wilson  :— with  Devil  to  Pay.  Job- 
son  =  Wilson  :  Nell  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

8.  She  Stoops  to  Conquer.  Tony  Lmnpkin  = 
Wilson:  Miss  Hardcastle  =  Mrs.  Wilson  : — with  Vir- 
gin Unmasked.  Blister = Wilson  :  Miss  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Wilson. 

10.  Suspicious  Husband.  Ranger  -  Lewis  of 
C.  G.,  his  1st  appearance  there:  Clarinda^Mrs. 
Hunter,  her  1st  appearance  there : — with  Three 


536  LIVERPOOL   BILLS    1776. 

Weeks  after  Marriage.  Sir  Charles  and  Lady  Racket 
=  Lewis  and  Mrs.  Wilson. 

12.  Jane  Shore  =  Mrs.  Hartley,  her  1st  appear- 
ance there. 

19.  Miser  =  Wilson  :    Mariana  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

26.  Maid  of  the  Oaks.  Old  Groveby  =  Moody  : 
Dupely  =  Lee  Lewes:  H urryzi Wilson  :  Lady  Bab 
i=Mrs.  Wilson. 

July  1.  Jealous  Wife.  Oakly  r=  Lewis  :  Major  = 
Wilson  :  Lord  Trinket  =  Lee  Lewes. 

3.  Lady  Jane  Gray.  Pembroke  =  Clinch  :  Duchess 
of  Suffolk  =  Mrs.  Barrington  : — with,  never  acted 
there,  Bon  Ton.  Sir  John  Trotley  =  Moody  :  Davy 
= Wilson  :  Lord  Minikin  (with  the  Prologue)  =  Lee 
Lewes  :  Miss  Tittup  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

10.  Distressed  Mother.  Orestes  =  Lewis  :  Pyrrhu  s 
—  Clinch:    Hermione  =  Mrs.  Hunter  :    Andromache 
=  Mrs.  Hartley. 

11.  West  Indian.     Varland  =  Wilson  :   Charlotte 
Rusport  =  Mrs.  Wilson  :    Lady  Rusport  n  Mrs.  Pitt. 

12.  Provoked  Husband.     Lord  To wnly  =  Lewis  : 
Squire  Richard  =  Wilson :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Hun- 
ter :   Miss  Jenny  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

15.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier  =  Clinch  :  Pierre 
=  Lewis  :  Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Hartley. 

17.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Shylock  =  Moody  : 
Launcelot  =  Wilson. 

19-  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Wilson  acted  Scrub  and  Mrs. 
Sullen. 

22.  Fair  Penitent  =  Mrs.  Hartley:  Horatio  ±: 
Clinch. 

24.  Runaway.  George  Hargrave=:  Lewis  :  Justice 
=  Wilson:  Lady  Dinah  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 


LIVERPOOL    BILLS    1776. 

29.  All  for  Love.     Antony  =  Clinch. 

Aug.  2.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil  =  Lewis  : 
Tom  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Cimberton  =  Wilson  :  Indiana 
=  Mrs.  Hartley  :  Phillis  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

5.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Lewis:  Copper  Captain 
=  Lee  Lewes  :  Estifania  =  Mrs.  Wilson  :  Old  Wo- 
man—Mr. Wilson. 

7.  Mrs.  Hartley  acted  Eleanora,  with  Lottery. 
Jack  Stocks  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Cloe  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

9.  Man  of  Quality.  Lord  Foppington  =  Lee  Lewes: 
Sir  Tunbelly  Clumsey  =  Wilson:  Miss  Hoyden  = 
Mrs.  Wilson. 

12.  Theodosius.  Varanes  =.  Lewis  :  Theodosius 
=  Clinch:  Athanais  =  Mrs.  Hartley. 

14.  Never  acted  there,  Peep  behind  the  Curtain. 
Glib  =  Lewis  :  Sir  Macaroni  Vertu  —  Lee  Lewes  : 
Lady  Fuz  =  Mrs.  Pitt :  1st  Sweeper  =  Mrs.  Barring- 
ton. 

19-  Clinch's  bt.  Runaway.  Emily  =  Mrs.  Hart- 
ley:— with  Reprisal.  Maclaymore  =  Lee  Lewes: 
Blocks  Wilson. 

21.  Mrs.  Wilson's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  Amphi- 
tryon. Amphitryon  =  Clinch  :  Mercury  =  Lee 
Lewes  :  Phaedra  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

26.  Lee  Lewes'  bt.  Not  acted  16  years,  Every 
Man  in  his  Humour.  Kitely  =  Lewis  :  Bobadill  = 
Lee  Lewes  :  Master  Stephen  =  Wilson  :  Braimvorm 
=  Moody  :  Dame  Kitely  =  Mrs.  Hartley. 

28.  English  Merchant.  Freeport  —  Clinch  :  Spat- 
ter =  Lee  Lewes  :  Lord  Falbridge  =  Lewis  :  Lady 
Alton  =  Mrs.  Hunter:  Amelia  —  Mrs.  Hartley:  Molly 
=  Mrs.  Wilson  : — with,  never  acted  there,  Spleen. 
Doyley  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Rubrick  =  Wilson. 


538  LIVERPOOL  BILLS    1776. 


30.  Cleonice.     Orontes  =  Lee  Lewes. 

Sep.  2.  Wilson's  bt.  Henry  4th.  Falstaif^  Wil- 
son, 1st  time  :  Hotspur  —  Clinch  :  Lady  Percy  —  Mrs. 
Hartley. 

4.  Cymon.  Linco  =  Wilson  :  Fatima  =  Mrs.  Wil- 
son :  —  with  Man  and  Wife.  Marcourt  =  Lee  Lewes. 

6.  Mrs.  Hunter's  bt.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn=: 
Lewis:  Zara  =  Mrs.  Hunter:  Almeria^  Mrs.  Hart- 
ley :  —  with  Irish  Widow.  Whittle  =  Wilson  :  Keck- 
sey  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Widow  Brady  =  Mrs.  Hunter. 

9.  Moody's  bt.  School  for  Wives.  Belville^ 
Lewis  :  Gen.  Savage  =  Wilson  :  Capt.  Savage  =  Lee 
Lewes  :  Miss  Walsingham  =  Mrs.  Kniveton. 

11.  Mrs.  Hartley's  bt.  Grecian  Daughter.  Evan- 
dem  Clinch:  Phocion  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Euphrasia  = 
Mrs.  Hartley. 

13.  Mrs.  Kniveton's  bt.  Edward  the  Black  Prince. 
Edward  =  Clinch  :  Arnold  =  Lewis  :  Ribemont  =  Ma- 
hon:  Cardinal  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Mariana  =  Mrs.  Hart- 
ley. 

14.  Lee  Lewes  acted  Scrub. 

16.  For  bt.  of  Lewis.  Man's  the  Master.  Don 
John  =:  Lewis:  Jodelet  =  Lee  Lewes  :  LucillarzMrs. 
Hartley  :  Bettris  =  Mrs.  Pitt. 

Lewis  and  Mrs.  Hartley  acted  several  of  their  usual 
characters.  (Bills  from  Mr.  Field.) 


VICTOR.  539 

VICTOR. 

Victor  in  1776  published  his  works  in  3  vols.  by 
Subscription. 

Vol.  1st  consists  of  Original  Letters— they  contain 
some  theatrical  information,  but  the  dates  are  not  to 
be  depended  on — in  the  100th  letter  there  is  a  passage 
about  Dr.  Young,  which  could  not  have  been  in  the 
original  Manuscript. 

Vol.  2d  consists  of  4  dramatic  pieces. 

1.  Altamira— the  scene  lies  in  the  house  and  gar- 
dens of  Belfort  near  Bologna — Gonsalvo,  the  heir  to 
the  Duke  of  Milan,  wanted  to  many  Lucidora  the 
younger  daughter  of  Belfort — the  Duke  of  Bologna 
wished  his  own  son,  Bellario,  to  marry  Lucidora — 
Bellario  and  Altamira,  the  elder  daughter  of  Belfort, 
were  mutually  in  love — Altamira  was  so  disinterested 
that  she  went  into  a  convent — she  was  generally  sup- 
posed to  be  dead — Bellario,  with  this  impression  on 
his  mind,  had  married  Lucidora  —a  war  ensued 
between  the  Dukes  of  Milan  and  Bologna — Bellario 
takes  Gonsalvo  prisoner — he  is  exchanged  for  the 
Duke  of  Bologna  who  is  in  prison  at  Milan — Alta- 
mira is  found  in  a  convent  at  Cremona — she  is  pre- 
vailed on  to  return  to  her  father's  house  as  he  is  in- 
consolable for  her  loss — Gonsalvo  now  wants  to 
marry  Altamira — she  rejects  his  offer — the  love 
between  Bellario  and  Altamira  is  renewed — Bellario's 
passion  gets  the  better  of  his  reason — Altamira  keeps 
her  love  within  due  bounds — she  is  however,  but  with 
reluctance,  persuaded  to  allow  him  to  visit  her  at 
midnight— a  noise  is  heard,  and  they  retire  into  her 


540  VICTOR. 

chamber — Gonsalvo  had  formed  a  plan  for  carrying 
off  Altamira  by  force — he  and  two  soldiers  enter  Al- 
tamira's  chamber — Bellario  drives  back  the  soldiers 
— Bellario  and  Gonsalvo  fight— each  of  them  is 
wounded — Gonsalvo  dies,  but  riot  on  the  stage — the 
circumstances  of  the  case  are  such,  that  Altamira  is 
believed  to  have  been  too  intimate  with  Bellario — Bel- 
lario is  led  on  the  stage  in  a  dying  state  — he  acknow- 
ledges his  intended  guilt,  but  exculpates  Altamira — 
Altamira  kills  herself — Victor  seems  to  have  man- 
aged this  point  badly — as  Altamira  was  conscious  of 
her  own  innocence,  it  was  more  natural  that  she 
should  return  to  the  convent  than  that  she  should 
commit  suicide — the  love  scenes  of  this  T.  have 
considerable  merit — the  political  part  of  the  plot  is 
bad — Victor  in  his  preface  says,  that  the  subject  of 
his  play  was  partly  taken  from  what  really  happened 
to  Lord  Grey,  and  partly  from  a  similar  story  in  the 
History  of  Italy,  between  the  ducal  houses  of  Milan 
arid  Bologna — this  T.  had  been  written  above  50 
years — it  was  intended  for  representation  in  1733, 
but  not  acted — Victor  had  at  one  time  thoughts  of 
bringing  it  on  the  Irish  stage,  and  was  mortified  that 
Barry,  whom  he  had  fixed  on  to  act  Bellario,  had 
left  that  kingdom — in  1766  he  revised  his  play — he 
had  long  before  that  time  showed  it  to  Garrick,  who 
insisted  that  there  was  an  unhappiness  in  the  fable, 
that  would  not  fail  to  give  umbrage  to  an  audience. 

2.  Fatal  Error — this  T.  is  in  3  acts,  and  in  prose 
— Sir  Charles  and  Lady  Frankford  were  a  very  happy 
couple — business  had  compelled  Sir  Charles  to  be 
absent  from  home  for  about  a  month — during  that 
time,  Cranmore,  who  was  his  particular  friend,  had 


VICTOR-  541 

seduced   Lady  Frankford— here  the   play  begins— 
Lady  Frankford  is  sincerely  penitent  for  what  she 
has  done— Craninore  is  chiefly  anxious  to  conceal 
what  had  passed  from  Sir  Charles— Lady  Frankford's 
remorse  preys   on  her  health — Sir  Charles  on  his 
return   is  distressed  at  finding  her  ill— Lord  Hell- 
grove  is  Lady  Frankford's  brother — he  overhears  a 
conversation  between  her  and  Craninore  which  puts 
their   former   intimacy  beyond  a  doubt — Lord  Bell- 
grove  and  Oanmore  fight — the  latter  is  killed — Lady 
Frankford    takes   poison — Sir  Charles  forgives  her 
before  her  death— the  circumstance  on  which  every 
thing  turns,  having  taken  place  before  the  play  begins, 
the  play  itself  is  consequently  void  of  incident,  but 
on  the  whole  it  has  considerable  merit — the  plot  is 
stolen  from  a  Woman  killed  with  Kindness — see  the 
4th  vol.  of  Dodsley  1744—  the  wife  in  I  fey  wood's 
play  is  a  more  interesting  character  than  in  Victor's. 
3.  Fortunate  Peasant,  or  Nature  will  Prevail  - 
Mrs.  Habberd  Senior  and  Mrs.  Habberd  Junior  are 
sisters,  and  of  a  middle  age — they  are  also  Devotees 
— particularly  the  elder  of  them — Doucin,  a  priest, 
is  an  inmate  in  their  house,  and  a  director  of  the 
family — Mrs.  Habberd  Junior   had   fainted  on  the 
New  Bridge — Jacob,  the  Peasant,  had  given  her  his 
assistance— she  engages  him  as  a  servant — she  fall- 
in  love  with  him,  and  determines  to  marry  him — 
Doucin  and  Mrs.  Habberd  Senior  do  their  utmost  to 
prevent  the  match— Mrs.  Habberd  Junior  persists  in 
her  determination— this  C.  is  translated  from  the 
French — it  would  be  rather  dull  in  representation, 
but  it  is  well  written,  and  affords  considerable  plea- 


VICTOR. 


sure  in  the  perusal  —  the  catastrophe,  as  it  concerns 
Douciri,  is  bad  —  his  intrigue  with  Mrs.  Habberd 
Senior's  woman  is  discovered  —  he  says  he  will  re- 
nounce his  function,  and  marry  Mrs.  Habberd  Sen. 

4.  Sacrifice,  or  Cupid's  Vagaries  —  this  is  a  musi- 
cal Mask  in  2  acts  —  Victor  says  —  "  this  very  juvenile 
"  performance  was  written  so  long  ago,  that  I  have 
"  forgot  from  whence  it  was  taken"  —  it  is  taken  from 
Lilly's  Gallathea  —  Victor  has  altered  the  catastrophe 

—  there  is  no  transformation  —  Phillida  and  Lucilla 
(Gallathea)  are  united  to  two  Swains  —  Victor,  by  not 
fixing  the  scene  in  any  particular  place,  has  avoided 
an  absurdity  of  which  Lilly  had  been  guilty. 

Vol.  3d  consists  of  his  Poems. 

The  account  given  of  Victor  in  the  Biographia 
Dramatica  is  written  with  much  ill-nature  —  among 
other  things  he  is  said  to  have  been  so  lavish  of  the 
pronoun  /in  his  history  of  the  stage,  that  Churchill 
observed—"  Victor  ego  "  should  have  been  its  motto 

—  it  is  not  true  that  Victor  in  his  history  of  the  stage 
is  too  lavish  of  the  pronoun  I  —  that  is  a  most  dis- 
gusting monosyllable  when  it  occurs  too  often  ;  but 
it  is  necessary  sometimes  to  speak  in  the  first  person 
-  Murphy  says  Victor  was  a  most  worthy  man  — 
Theo.  Cibber  in  his  Life  of  Booth  tells  us  (page  26) 
that  Victor's  goodness  of  heart  made  him  most  valued 
by  those  who  were  best  acquainted  with  him  ;  and 
that  as  Treasurer  and  Assistant  Manager  to  Sheridan 
at  Dublin,  he,  by  his  care,  honesty,  and  gentleman- 
like behaviour,  gained  the  good-will  of  all  who  were 
any  ways  concerned  with  the  playhouse. 

The  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  says  Victor  was  brought 


VICTOR. 


up  a  barber—  this  cannot  be  strictly  true,  as  Victor 
himself  tells  us  (see  his  3d  Letter)  that  he  was  3 
years  under  an  eminent  schoolmaster,  with  whom  he 
appears  to  have  kept  up  an  intimacy  as  long  as  they 
both  lived  —  Victor  might  probably  have  been  placed 
under  a  barber,  and  afterwards  sent  to  school,  in 
consequence  of  having  displayed  abilities  superiour 
to  his  situation  —  if  such  were  really  the  fact,  it  was 
a  circumstance  greatly  to  his  credit. 

Victor  published  a  History  of  the  London  and 
Dublin  theatres  in  3  vols. 

Vol.  1.  This  vol.  consists  chiefly  of  his  account  of 
the  Dublin  stage  —  as  he  relates  what  passed  under 
his  own  eye,  this  is  the  most  valuable  part  of  his 
work, 

Vol.  2.  In  this  vol.  he  attempts  to  give  a  list  of 
the  new  and  revived  plays  in  London  from  1713  to 
1759  —  he  is  shamefully  incorrect  —  for  instance,  he 
mentions  the  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife  as  coming  out 
at  D.  L.—  and  the  Drummer  as  coming  out  at  L.  I.  F. 

Vol.  3.  In  this  vol.  he  gives  a  list  of  the  new  plays 
at  D.  L.  and  C.  G.  from  1760  to  1771—  he  is  toler- 
ably correct,  as  he  was  about  this  time  treasurer  at 
D.  L.  —  all  the  vols.  contain  some  miscellaneous 
articles  —  and  on  the  whole  we  are  obliged  to  Victor 
for  a  considerable  quantity  of  valuable  information. 


544  D.  L.  1776-1777. 


D,  L.   1776-1777- 

Garrick  had  sold  his  moiety  of  the  Patent,  &c.  to 
the  younger  Sheridan,  Lindley,  and  Dr.  Ford  for 
£35,000— in  1778  Sheridan  was  obliged  to  buy  Lacy's 
moiety  at  a  price  exceeding  £45,000 — in  order  to 
enable  Sheridan  to  complete  this  purchase,  he  con- 
sented to  divide  his  original  share  between  Dr.  Ford 
and  Lindley,  so  as  to  make  up  each  of  theirs  a 
quarter — but  the  price  at  which  they  purchased  from 
Sheridan,  was  not  at  the  rate  at  which  he  bought 
from  Lacy,  though  at  an  advance  on  the  price  paid 
to  Garrick  —  Sheridan  afterwards  purchased  Dr. 
Ford's  quarter  for  £17,000,  subject  to  the  incum- 
brance  of  the  additional  renters  —  by  what  spell 
Sheridan  conjured  up  all  these  thousands,  it  would 
be  difficult  accurately  to  ascertain.  (Moore's  Life 
of  Sheridan.) 

Sep.  21.  An  occasional  Prelude  called  New 
Brooms — after  which,  Twelfth  Night.  Malvolio=: 
Yates,  1st  time  for  10  years  :  Olivia  =  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

New  Brooms  was  written  by  Colman  at  the  request 
of  Sheridan,  who  thought  that  whatever  was  said  of 
the  late  manager,  or  his  successors,  would  come  with 
a  better  grace  from  an  indifferent  person,  than  from 
the  parties  concerned — the  cast  was — Crotchet  = 
Dodd  :  Catcall  =  Palmer :  Phelim  =  Moody :  Sprightly 
=  King  :  Sir  Dulcimer  Dunderzr  Parsons  :  JVIezze- 
tin  =  Baddeley  :  Miss  Quaver  =  Mrs.  Wrighten  : — 
this  little  piece  is  well  written,  and  was  well  acted — 


D.  L.   1776-1777.  545 

Colman  contrived  to  pay  Garrrick  a  neat  compliment 
by  quoting  from  Richard  2d — 

"  As  in  a  Theatre  the  eyes  of  men 

"  After  a  well-graced  Actor  leaves  the  stage 

"  Are  idly  bent  on  him  that  enters  next." 

— he  also  introduced  some  ironical  compliments  on 
Operas — Crotchet  observes  "that  Operas  are  the 
"  only  real  entertainment — the  plain  unornamented 
"  Drama  is  too  flat — common  dialogue  is  a  dry  imi- 
"  tation  of  nature,  as  insipid  as  real  conversation  ; 
"  but  in  an  Opera  the  dialogue  is  refreshed  by  an 
"  Air  every  instant — two  Gentlemen  meet  in  the 
"  Park  for  example,  admire  the  place  and  the  weather; 
"  and  after  a  speech  or  two,  the  Orchestra  take  their 
"  cue,  the  music  strikes  up,  one  of  the  characters 
"  takes  a  genteel  turn  or  two  on  the  stage  during  the 
"  Symphony  and  then  breaks  out — 

"  When  the  breezes 
"  Fan  the  trees-es,"  &c. 

he  afterwards  adds  "  that  nature  has  nothing  to  do 
"  with  an  Opera — and  that  dramatic  pieces  unadorned 
"  by  dance  and  scenery  and  unenlivened  by  music 
"  will  never  be  able  to  make  a  stand  against  Opera 
"  and  Pantomime — all  men  have  eyes  and  ears,  but 
"  all  men  have  not  the  like  understandings " — 
Sprightly  and  Catcall  plead  for  the  legitimate  Drama. 

Oct.  3.  Fair  Penitent 5.  Miss  Pope  returned 

to  D.  L.  and  made  her  1st  appearance  in  Miss  Sterling. 

25.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil  =  Smith  : 
Tom  =  King:  Myrtle  =  Jefferson  :  Cimberton  = 
Waldron  :  Sealand  ir  J.  Aikin  :  Indiana  =  Miss 

VOL.  V.  N    N 


546  D-  L.   1776-1777. 

Younge  :  Phillis  =  Miss  Pope  : —  with,  6th  time, 
Christmas  Tale  as  a  Farce.  Tycho  =  Dodd  :  Camilla 
=  Mrs.  Baddeley. 

29.  Medea— 1st  time  for  the  theatre. 

Nov.  4.  Tamerlane.  Tamerlane  —  Palmer  :  Baja- 
zet=  Smith  :  Morieses  —  Reddish  :  Axalla  =  Grist, 
1st  time  :  Arpasia^Miss  Younge. 

6.  Gamesters — as  before, 

16.  Not  acted  10  years,  Roman  Father.  Horatius 
=  Bensley:  Publius  =  Smith  :  Valerias  =  Brereton  : 
Tullus  Hostilius  =  Jefferson  :  Horatia  =  Mrs.  Yates: 
Valeria^ Miss  Hopkins. 

19.  Not  acted  16  years,  Old  Batchelor.  Heart- 
well  =  Bensley :  Bellmour  =  Smith  :  Sir  Joseph  Wittol 
=  King  :  Fondlewife  =  Yates :  Capt.  Bluffs  Moody  : 
Vainlove  =  Reddish  :  Setter  =  Baddeley  :  Sharper  = 
Farren  :  Lsetitia  =  Mrs.  Abington :  Belinda  =  Miss 
Younge  :  Lucy  =  Miss  Pope :  Araminta  =  Mrs.  Bad- 
deley :  Silvia  =  Miss  Essex,  1st  appearance  at  D.  L. : 
— on  Nov.  27  Vernon  and  Miss  P.  Hopkins  acted 
Vainlove  and  Silvia. 

21.  Never  acted,  Hotel,  or  Double  Valet.  Trim- 
well  =  King:  Sir  Jacob  Thri  ft  =  Parsons  :  Sir  John 
Seymour  =  Davies  :  Neville  =  Brereton  :  Clarissa  = 
Miss  P.  Hopkins  :  Flavia  (daughter  to  Sir  Jacob)  = 
MissJarratt:  Tabby  (her  maid)  =  Mrs.  Wrighten  : 

Sir  Jacob   had   contracted   Flavia  to    George 

Montague — on  hearing  that  Montague  is  dead,  he 
consents  to  his  daughter's  marriage  with  Sir  John 
Seymour — Clarissa  Montague  assumes  the  character 
of  her  brother — and  is  received  as  such  by  Sir  Jacob 
— she  desires  Sir  Jacob  to  get  her  cash  for  a  bill 
he  agrees  to  do  so — Trimwell  engages  himself  as 


u.  L.    1776-1777. 

a  servant,  first  to  Clarissa,  and  then  to  Neville— 
both  of  whom  lodge  at  the  same  Hotel— Sir  Jacob 
leaves  £100  with  Trim  well,  and  tells  him  to  give 
them  to  his  master — Trim  well  by  mistake  gives  tliii 
money  to  Neville — at  the  conclusion,  Sir  John  Sey- 
mour and  Neville  marry  Flavia  and  Clarissa — this  is 
an  indifferent  Farce  by  Vaughan. 

25.  Mrs.   Melmoth  made  her  1st   appearance  ;it 
D.  L.  in  Lady  Macbeth. 

28.  Drummer.      Tinsel  =  Dodd  :    Vellum  =  Par- 
sons :  Sir  George  Truman  =  J.  Aikin  :    Butler  = 
Baddeley  :  Coachman  =  Moody  :  Abigail  =  Miss  Pope: 
Lady  Truman  =  Mrs.  Hopkins. 

29.  Not  acted  5  years,  Love  for  Love.     Valentine 
=  Reddish:   Foresight  =  Parsons  :    Tattle   =  King: 
Sir  Sampson  Legend  —  Moody  :  Scandal  =  Bensley  : 
Ben  =  Yates:  Jeremy  =  Baddeley :  Angelica  =  Miss 
Younge  :  Mrs.  Frail  —  Miss  Pope  :    Miss   Prue  = 
Mrs.  Abington  :  Mrs.  Foresight  =  Miss  Sherry. 

Dec.  5.  Never  acted,  Selima  and  Azor.  Azor  (a 
prince)  =  Vernon  :  Scantier  (a  merchant)  —  Bannis- 
ter :  Ali  (his  slave)  =  Dodd  :  Selima  (one  of  Scan- 
tier's  three  daughters)  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  : — acted  with 
considerable  success — Scantier  and  Ali  take  refuge 
from  a  storm  in  the  palace  of  Azor  -  they  see  no 
person — but  a  table  with  a  supper  arises  from  below 
the  stage-  after  supper  Scantier  gathers  a  rose  as  a 
present  for  Selima— Azor  appears  in  a  hideous  shape, 
to  which  he  had  been  reduced  by  a  Fairy  for  his 
vanity — he  reproaches  Scantier  for  taking  the  rose— 
and  insists  that  he  should  give  up  to  him  one  of  his 
daughters — Scantier  promises  either  to  do  so,  or  to 
return  himself-— Selima  learns  from  Ali  what  had 

HNS 


548  D.  L.   1776-1777. 

happened  -she  surrenders  herself  to  Azor — she  is  at 
first  shocked  at  his  appearance,  hut  afterwards  loves 
him  for  the  kindness  with  which  he  treats  her — the 
Fairy  restores  Azor  to  his  proper  shape,  and  the 
piece  concludes  with  the  marriage  of  Selima  and 
Azor — this  Persian  Tale  is  attributed  to  Sir  George 
Collier — it  is  professedly  taken  from  the  French, 
and  is  as  good  as  the  generality  of  musical  Enter- 
tainments. 

10.  Mrs.  Robinson  made  her  1st  appearance  on 
the  stage  in  Juliet — she  had  been  introduced  to  Gar- 
rick  previously  to  his  retirement ;  he  was  much 
pleased  with  her,  and  particularly  with  the  tone  of 
her  voice,  which  he  frequently  told  her  resembled 
that  of  Mrs.  Gibber — he  determined  on  acting  with 
her  on  her  1st  appearance,  and  fixed  on  Cordelia  for 
her  character — Mrs.  Robinson  married  and  laid  aside 
all  thoughts  of  the  stage  ;  but  was  afterwards  pre- 
vailed on  by  Sheridan  to  resume  her  former  inten- 
tions—  she  recited  the  principal  scenes  of  Juliet  in 
the  green  room  (Brereton  repeating  the  part  of 
Romeo)  and  Garrick,  who  was  present,  without  hesi- 
tation fixed  on  that  part  for  her — he  was  indefatiga- 
ble at  the  Rehearsals,  frequently  going  through  the 
whole  character  of  Romeo  himself  until  he  was 
completely  exhausted  with  the  fatigue  of  recitation — 
on  the  night  of  the  performance  he  sat  in  the  Or- 
chestra—  Mrs.  Robinson  was  received  with  great 
applause — she  had  an  engagement  previous  to  her 
1st  appearance,  and  received  what  was  then  con- 
sidered as  a  handsome  salary — she  was  a  most 
beautiful  woman  and  a  very  good  breeches  figure — 
Mrs.  Robinson's  Memoirs  were  written  partly  by 


D.  L.   1776-1777. 

herself,  and  partly  by  a  friend— they  are  not  accurate 
as  to  theatricals,  but  more  so  than  the  generality  of 
such  sort  of  books. 

Dec.  IS.  Never  acted,  Semiramis.  Arzaces  (genr- 
ral  to  Semiramis)  =  Smith  :  Oroes  (high  priest)  = 
Reddish:  Assures  (prime  minister  to  SemiramU)  = 
Bensley:  Mithranes  (friend  to  Arzaces)  =  Gri-t  : 
Otanes  (devoted  to  Semiramis) ^Farren:  Semiramis 
(Queen  of  the  East)  — Mrs.  Yates  :  Azema  (a  prin- 
cess) =  Mrs.  Reddish -.  —  acted  11  times— this  is  an 
indifferent  T. — it  is  only  Voltaire's  play  adapted  to 
the  English  stage  by  Capt.  Ayscough— a  translation 
of  the  French  piece  was  printed  in  1760— nearly 
the  whole  of  it  is  fiction — Ctesias  and  his  followers 
give  us  a  fabulous,  but  circumstantial  account  of 
Semiramis — they  say  nothing  of  her  having  killed 
her  husband — Justin  says  that  she  was  killed  by  her 
son— according  to  Voltaire,  Semiramis  and  Assur 
had  poisoned  her  husband  Ninus— Assur  had  also 
given  a  poison  to  her  son  Ninias — he  however  reco- 
vered, and  was  brought  up  as  Arzaces,  his  mother 
believing  him  to  be  dead— at  the  opening  of  the  play 
Arzaces  returns  to  court  by  the  order  of  SemiramU 
—in  the  3d  act  she,  in  a  public  assembly,  declares 
her  intention  of  making  Arzaces  her  husband— claps 
of  thunder  are  heard  —  the  Ghost  of  Ninus  rises 
from  his  monument,  and  addresses  some  fe\v  myste- 
rious lines  to  Arzaces— in  the  4th  act  Oroes  tells 
Arzaces  that  he  is  Ninias — lie  gives  him  a  letter  in 
which  Ninus  says  that  he  was  poisoned  by  his  wife 
— Ninias  shews  the  letter  to  Semiramis— in  the  5th 
act  Ninias  kills  Semiramis,  in  the  monument  of 
Ninus,  supposing  her  to  be  Assur— A-  -i.  t  > 


550  D.  L.    1776-1777. 

surprise  of  Ninias,  is  brought  in  disarmed  from  the 
other  side  of  the  stage — Oroes  points  out  Ninias  to 
the  people  as  their  sovereign — Ninias  condemns 
Assur  to  death — Semiramis  pardons  her  son,  arid 
unites  him  to  Azema,  with  whom  he  was  in  love — 
Voltaire  has  displayed  a  good  deal  of  skill  in  the 
conduct  of  the  plot — but  the  plot  is  improbable,  and 
consequently  unaffecting — the  Ghost  is  ridiculous — 
there  was,  no  doubt,  such  a  woman  as  Semiramis — 
but  her  birth,  her  elevation,  her  reign,  and  her  death, 
are  all  extraordinary,  unnatural,  and  impossible,  as 
related  by  the  bulk  of  historians.  (Universal 
History.} 

The  principal  change,  which  Ayscough  has  made, 
is,  that  the  Ghost  of  Ninus,  instead  of  appearing  at 
the  public  assembly,  appears  privately  to  Semiramis, 
Arzaces,  and  Oroes — he  also  makes  Assures  and 
Ninias,  in  the  5th  act,  fight — Assures  is  killed —the 
Epilogue  by  Sheridan  is  very  good,  but  evidently 
founded  on  that  to  Douglas — in  both  the  plays,  several 
improper  expressions  occur,  such  as  Mausoleum, 
Hymen,  &c. 

Oulton  says — "  in  this  play  Mrs.  Reddish  was 
"  cruelly  treated — from  her  very  first  entrance  on 
"  the  stage  to  the  last  scene,  she  was  violently  hissed 
"  by  the  galleries — it  was  a  regular  attack,  uniform 
"  in  its  sound  and  direction  where  she  filled  her  part 
"  tolerably,  as  well  as  where  she  failed" — this  actress 
was  perhaps  Mrs.  Canning,  who  sometimes  played 
as  Mrs.  Reddish — in  the  play  as  printed,  the  name 
of  Miss  Hopkins  stands  to  Azema. 

18.  Smith  and  Brereton  acted  Don  Felix  and  Col. 
Briton,  each  for  the  1  st  time. 


D.  L.   1776-1777. 

31.  Way  of  the  World.  Mirabell  =  Smith  :  Fain- 
all  =  Reddish:  Witwou'd  =  King:  Sir  Wilful  Wit- 
wou'd  =  Yates  :  Petulant  =  Baddeley  :  Waitwell  = 
Parsons:  Millamant  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Lady  NVish- 
fort=Mrs.  Hopkins:  Mrs.  Mar  wood  =  Miss  Sherry: 
Foible  =  Miss  Pope:  Mrs.  Fainall  =  Mrs.  Greville. 

Jan.  4.  Tempest  revived.  Prospero  =  Bensley  : 
Ferdinand  =  Vernon  :  Stephanos  Moody:  Trinculo 
=  Baddeley  :  Caliban  =  Bannister  :  Gonzalo  =  J. 
Aikin  :  Miranda  =  Young  Lady :  (Mrs.  Cuyler) 
Ari el  =  Young  Lady  :  (Miss  Field.) 

16.  Never  acted  there,  Rivals.  Sir  Anthony  Ab- 
solute =  King:  Capt.  Absolute  =  Palmer  :  Faulkland 
=  Reddish:  Acres  =  Dodd  :  Sir  Lucius  O' Trigger  = 
Moody  :  Fag  =  Baddeley :  David  =  Parsons  :  Lydia 
Languish  =  Mrs.  Abington:  Julia  =  Mrs.  Baddeley  : 
Mrs.  Malaprop  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  :  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Wrighten  :— with  Harlequin's  Invasion,  13th  time, 
as  revived.  Harlequin  =  Wright :  Snip  =  Parsons  : 
Mercury  =  Davi  es  :  Simon  =  Moody:  Gasconade  =. 
Baddeley  :  Dolly  Snip  =  Miss  Pope  :  Mrs.  Snip  = 
Mrs.  Bradshaw. 

22.  Not  acted 3  years, Merope.  Dorilas  =  Vincent: 
Narbas  =  Packer :  Polyphontes  =  Palmer  :  Merope 
=  Miss  Younge  : — Vincent  was  well  received— in 
Sep.  he  acted  with  Wilkinson  on  trial— his  parts  were 
Romeo,  Tyrrel  in  the  Fashionable  Lover,  and  Ham- 
let— but  as  his  voice  seemed  deficient,  and  he  was 
too  indolent  to  be  perfect,  Wilkinson  declined  giving 
him  an  engagement — Vincent  afterwards  went  into 
the  Church. 

Feb.  3.  Hamlet.  Hamlet  =  Lacy,  1st  time  :  Ghost 
=  Reddish,  1st  time. 


552  D.  L.  1776-1777. 

17.  Alexander  the  Great.  Alexander  =  Lacy : 
Clytus  =  Hurst :  Statira  =  Mrs.  Robinson,  1st  time: 
Roxana  =:  Mrs.  Melmoth. 

20.  Miss  Pope  acted  Mrs.  Cadwallader. 

24.  Never   acted,   Trip  to    Scarborough   (altered 
from  Vanburgh.)     Lord  Foppington  =:  Dodd  :  Love- 
less =  Smith:  Young  Fashion  =  Reddish  :  Sir  Tun- 
belly  Clumsey  =  Moody  :  Col.  Townley  =  Brereton  : 
Lory  =  Baddeley  :    Pi*obe  =  Parsons  :  Berinthia  =: 
Mrs.  Yates  :  Miss  Hoyden  =  Mrs.  Abington  :  Aman- 
da =  Mrs.  Robinson  : — the  5th  night  was  deferred  on 
account   of  Reddish's  illness — on   the  7th  Palmer 
acted  Young  Fashion — this  alteration  was  made  by 
Sheridan — at  first  it  experienced  considerable  oppo- 
sition, but  afterwards  it  was  frequently  represented 
— superiour  abilities  are  apt  to  excite  envy  ;  it  is  not 
wonderful  therefore  that  some  persons  should  have 
taken   this   opportunity  of   carping  at  the  modern 
Congreve — when  this  play  was  first  acted  the  News- 
papers abused  it ;  and  in  1779  Sheridan  was  asked 
in  print,  if  he  did  not  consider  this  C.  as  an  illustra- 
tion of  what  Dangle  says  in  the  Critic  that  "  Van- 
"  burgh    and   Congreve   are  obliged  to  undergo   a 
"  bungling  reformation  " — the  Editor  of  the  B.  D. 
likewise  censures  it  severely,  but  does  not  condescend 
to  enter  into  particulars — in   spite  of  all  that  has 
been  said,  it  may  confidently  be  affirmed  that  we  have 
very  few  such  good  alterations  of  old  plays  as  this— 
Sheridan  has  retained  every  thing  in  the  original 
that  was  worth  retaining,  has  omitted  what  was  ex- 
ceptionable, and  has  improved   it  by  what  he  has 
added — particularly  the  1st  scene  in  the  5th   act, 
which  concludes  that  part  of  the  plot  which  concerns 


D.  L.  1776-1777.  553 

Loveless,  &c.  much  better  than  it  is  concluded  in 

the  Relapse it  must  be  confessed  that  it  is  highly 

improbable  (as  Collier  observed  originally)  that.  Sir 
Tunbelly  and  Lord  Foppington  should  negotiate  a 
match  through  the  mediation  of  such  a  person  as 
Coupler— this  however  is  a  fault  radically  inherent 
in  the  piece  ;  and  it  certainly  lies  at  Vanburgh's 
door  and  not  at  Sheridan's Sheridan  makes  Love- 
less say — "  it  would  surely  be  a  pity  to  exclude  tin* 
"  productions  of  some  of  our  best  writers  for  want 
"  of  a  little  wholesome  pruning  ;  which  might  be 
"  effected  by  any  one  who  possessed  modesty  enough 
"  to  believe  that  we  should  preserve  all  we  can  of 
"  our  deceased  authors,  at  least  till  they  are  outdone 
"  by  the  living  ones." 

March  10.  Smith  acted  Capt.  Absolute  for  his  bt. 
— he  had  acted  the  part  Feb.  the  7th — probably  on 
account  of  Palmer's  illness. 

11.  Miss  Younge's  bt.  Rivals.  Capt.  Absolute 
=  Palmer:  Lydia  Languish  =  Miss  Younge  : — with 
an  historical  Interlude  called  Margaret  of  Anjou. 
Margaret^  Miss  Younge  : — this  piece  has  not  much 
to  recommend  it — it  was  printed  by  Jerninglmm  in 
1778  with  some  other  poems — the  greater  part  of  it 
consists  of  a  very  long  speech  by  Margaret,  which 
is  often  suspended  by  the  interposition  of  music— 
at  the  close  of  it  a  robber  enters — he  demands  her 
treasure — she  points  to  her  chikl — Margaret  discovers 
herself  to  him  and  tin*  robher  her  in  making 

her  escape  to  France — Jerninirham  quotes  the  passage 
in  Hume,  on  which  he  has  founded  his  Interlude — 
the  incident  took  place  soon  after  the  Battle  of 
Hexham. 


D.  L.   1776-1777. 

13.  Funeral.  Lord  Hardy  —  Lacy,  1st  time:  Trim 
—  King:  Campley  =  Palmer,  1st  time:  Trusty  = 
Packer  :  Lord  Brumpton  —  Hurst  :  Sable  =  Moody  : 
Puzzle  =  Baddeley:  Lady  Brumpton  =  Mrs.  Hopkins: 
Lady  Chariot  =  Miss  Younge  :  Lady  Harriets  Mrs. 
Baddeley,  1st  time:  Fardingale  =  Mrs.  Bradshaw  : 
Tattleaid  =  Mrs.  Love. 

20.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  Townly  =  Lacy  : 
— with,  never  acted,  Milesian.  Capt.  Cornelius 
O'Gollagher  =  Moody  :  George  Belfield  =  Bannister : 
Valentine  Belfield  =  Verrion  :  Mr.  Belfield  =  J. 
Aikin  :  Charles  Mario ve  =  Lamash  :  Isabella  =  Mrs. 
Baddeley:  Melinda  =  Miss  Collett : — this  Comic 
Opera  is  attributed  to  Jackman — it  is  poor  stuff. 

31.  Miss  Pope's  bt.  Way  to  keep  him.  Love- 
more  =  Reddish  :  Sir  Bashful  Constant  =  King : 
Muslin  =  Miss  Pope,  1st  time. 

April  7-  For  bt.  of  Miss  Hopkins.  Never  acted, 
All  the  World's  a  Stage.  Diggery  (servant  to  Sir 
Gilbert)  =  Parsons :  Sir  Gilbert  Pumpkin  =  Baddeley : 
Harry  Stukely=  Palmer :  Charles  Stanley  (nephew 
to  Sir  Gilbert)  =  Farreri  :  Miss  Kitty  Sprightly  (ward 
to  Sir  Gilbert)  =  Miss  P.  Hopkins  :  Miss  Bridget 
Pumpkin  (his  sister)  =  Mrs.  Hopkins  : — Kitty  is  play 
mad — Diggery  thinks  he  can  act  Alexander — he  in- 
structs the  other  servants  in  the  under  parts — Stukely 
makes  love  to  Miss  Bridget  in  joke — Stanley  makes 
love  to  Kitty  in  earnest — he  marries  her — this  is  an 
indifferent  Farce  by  Jackman — it  has  met  with  more 
success  than  it  deserves. 

10.  Mrs.  Robinson  acted  Fanny  Sterling  for  her  bt. 

11.  Othello.     Othello  =  Lacy  :  lago  =  Reddish  : 
Desdemona  =  Miss  Younge. 


i).  i,  1776-1777. 

17.  Gamester — as  before. 

22.  Miss  Sherry  acted  Lady  Macbeth  for  her  bt. 

24.  Not  acted  9  years,  Revenge.     Alorizo  =  Lacy. 

25.  Tempest,  15th  time. 

29.  For  bt.  of  Waldron,  and  Mrs.  Greville.  Not 
acted  9  years,  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife.  Col.  Feign- 
well  =  King:  Obediah  Prim  =  Moody:  Periwinkle 
=  Parsons:  Sir  Philip  Modelove  =  Baddeley  :  Anne 
Lovely  =  Mrs.  Greville,  1st  time  :  Mrs.  Prim  =  Mrs. 
Bradshaw. 

May  8.  Never  acted,  School  for  Scandal.  Sir 
Peter  Teazle  —  King  :  Charles  Surface  =  Smith  : 
Joseph  Surface  =  Palmer:  Sir  Oliver  Surface  = 
Yates  :  Crabtree  =  Parsons  :  Sir  Benjamin  Backbite 
=  Dodd:  Moses  =  Baddeley :  Trip  =  Lam  ash :  Snake 
=  Packer  :  Rowley  =  J.  Aikin  :  Careless  =  Farren  : 
Sir  Harry  Bumper  =  Gawdry  :  Lady  Teazle  =  Mrs. 
Abington  :  Mrs.  Candour  ~  Miss  Pope :  Lady  Sneer- 
well  =: Miss  Sherry:  Maria  =  Miss  P.  Hopkins: — 
this  C.  was  so  admirably  acted,  that  tho'  it  has  con- 
tinued on  the  acting  list  at  D.  L.  from  that  time  to 
this,  and  been  several  times  represented  at  C.  G. 
and  the  Hay.,  yet  no  new  performer  has  ever  appeared 
in  any  one  of  the  principal  characters,  that  was  not 
inferiour  to  the  person  who  acted  it  originally. 

Plautus  in  his  Trinummus  1.  180,  would  furnish 
a  very  pat  Motto  for  this  play. 

"  Quod  si  exquiratur  usque  ab  stirpe  auctoritas, 
"  Unde  quicquid  audition  dicant,  nisi  id  appareat, 
"  Famigeratori  res  sit  cum  damno  et  malo  : 
"  Hoc  it  a  si  fiat,  publico  fiat  bono. 
"  Panci  sint  faxim,  qui  sciant  quod  nesciunt  / 
"  Occlusioremque  habeant  stultiloquentiam" 


556  D.  L.   1776-1777. 

This  is  just  what  Sir  Peter  says  in  the  2d  act. 
Sheridan  has'inserted  a  sentiment  which  cannot  be 
too  severely  reprobated,  as  it  is  specious  and  conse- 
quently dangerous — Charles  says  to  Rowley  "  Justice 
"  is  an  old  lame  hobling  beldam  ;  and  I  cannot  get 
"  her  to  keep  pace  with  Generosity  for  the  soul  of 
"  me" — to  which  Rowley  might  have  replied  with 
the  strictest  truth,  "  no  man  is  generous  for  giving 
"  away  another  person's  money  ;  and  while  he  is  in 
"  debt,  he  has  no  money,  which  he  can  with  any 
"  propriety  call  his  own." 

Moore  says — "  In  a  late  work,  professing  to  be 
"  the  Memoirs  of  Mr.  Sheridan,  there  are  some 
"  wise  doubts  expressed  as  to  his  being  really  the 
"  author  of  the  School  for  Scandal, "to  which,  except 
66  for  the  purpose  of  exposing  absurdity,  I  should  not 
"  have  thought  it  worth  while  to  allude— it  is  an  old 
"  trick  of  detraction — and  one,  of  which  it  never 
"  tires — to  father  the  works  of  eminent  writers  upon 
"  others  *  *  *  and  thus,  Sheridan,  according  to  his 
"  biographer,  Dr.  Watkins,  must  surrender  the  glory 
"  of  having  written  the  ^School  for  Scandal  to  a 
"  certain  anonymous  young  lady,  who  died  of  a  con- 
"  sumption  in  Thames  Street" — Moore  has  filled 
near  30  pages^with  extracts  from  Sheridan's  papers 
— they  consist  of  rough  sketches  of  the  plot  and 
dialogue  of  the  School  for  Scandal — from  which  it 
appears  that  the  play  "  was  the  slow  result  of  many 
"  and  doubtful  experiments,  and*  that  it  arrived  at 
"  length,  step  by  step  at  perfection." 

The  theatre  closed  June  the  7th  with  the  School 
for  Scandal  20th  time.  (Bills  from  Mr.  Woodfall.) 


c.  G.  1776-1777.  5.57 


C.  G.  1776-1777. 

Sept.  23.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  =  Lewis,  1st 
time:  Brazen  =  Woodward:  Balances  Hull :  Bul- 
lock =  Dunstall  :  1st  Recruit  =  Quick  :  Sylvia  =  Mr-. 
Lessingharn  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Pitt: — with  Mock  Doctor. 
Gregory  =  Dunstall :  Dorcas  =  Mrs.  Pitt : — the  play 
was  preceded  by  a  new  piece,  called  News  from 
Parnassus* — this  piece  was  not  printed  till  1786, 
when  Murphy  published  an  edition  of  his  works—  he 
gives  the  cast  thus — Boccalini  =  Hull :  Fitzfrolick  (a 
pantomime  poet)  =  Woodward  :  Rantwell  (an  actor) 
=  Lee  Lewes  :  Vellum  (a  bookseller)  =  Wilson  : 
Rebus  (a  poet)  =  Quick  :  Catcall  (a  critic)  =  Whit- 
field  : — but  Wewitzer's  name  was  in  the  bills,  and  not 
Whitfield's. 

News  from  Parnassus  was  acted  but  4-  times — it 
contains  some  very  sensible  observations. 

Boccalini.  A  Comedy  was  meant  to  be  the  mirror 
of  life,  "  the  proper  study  of  mankind  is  man" — 
true  Comedy  serves  that  purpose — it  helps  to  de- 
velope  the  discriminations  of  character,  and  to  laugh 
folly  out  of  countenance — Pathetic  Comedy  is  a 
mere  substitute  for  wit,  humour  and  the  powers  of 
ridicule — Fustian  Tragedy  is  another  subterfuge 
*  •  *  Shakspeare  wrote  naturally — his  language  in 


*  Dcnhara,  in  his  verses  on  Fletcher,   having  stated  the  pro- 
priety  of  uniting  Nature  with  Art,  adds — 

"  'Twas  this  the  ancients  meant ;  Nature  and  Skill 
"  Are  the  two  tops  of  their  Parnassus  hill." 


,558  c.  o.  1776-1777. 

all  his  beautiful  passages  is  the  language  of  this  hour 
— why  should  you  write  as  if  you  were  born  200 
years  ago  ?  the  antique  cast  is  a  mere  trick  in  writ- 
ing—  Imitate  nature,  be  simple  without  meanness, 
adorned  without  ostentation,  touch  the  heart,  and 
that  is  your  sure  road  to  success. 

Rebus  proposes  to  cull  from  Shakspeare  a  parcel 
of  obsolete  words. 

Boccalini.  Obsolete  words  in  dialogue  that  should 
be  natural  ? 

Rebus.  Yes,  it  is  the  rule  for  supporting  the  dic- 
tion in  .  all  poetry,  particularly  with  respect  to  the 
Drama. 

Rantwell  to  Boccalini.  My  name  is  Rantwell,  you 
may  read  it  in  Capitals  3  times  a  week  in  the  play 
bills  *  *  *  I  hate  to  be  silent  in  a  scene — you 
have  kept  me  here  a  long  time  without  speaking  a 
syllable,  and  that  let  me  tell  you  is  the  hardest  thing 
in  acting.  *  *  * 

Boccalini.  Mr.  Rantwell  you  profess  to  please  ; 
study  to  do  it,  let  the  actors  write  no  verses  on  them- 
selves, no  paragraphs  against  their  rivals — avoid  frivo- 
lous dispute  and  attend  to  their  business  —  if  the 
wasps  of  the  newspapers  bite  and  sting  ;  remember 
that  those  little  envenomed  animals  are  generally  most 
busy  in  the  sunshine. 

Rantwell.  I'll  tell  this  in  the  Green-room,  it  may 
do  some  good  *  *  * 

Fitzfrolick.  Shall  I  be  plain  with  you  ?  I  have 
tried  various  shapes  to  gratify  my  masters — an  old 
servant  Sir !  I  hope  my  endeavours  have  not  been 
always  unworthy— I  have  occasionally  been  prodigal 
enough  to  depart  from  nature  ;  but  I  have  had  the 


C.G.  1776-1777.  559 

grace  to  return— to  please  has  been  my  ambition, 
and  sometimes  trusting  to  my  head  and  sometimes 
to  my  heels,  I  have  reached  the  cheerful  evening  of 
life  ;  and  if  my  patrons  will  now  and  then  continue 
to  bestow  a  smile,  it  will  cheer  me  on  the  rest  of 
my  way. 

Boccalini.  Fairly  spoken,  and  I  dare  say  you  will 
have  your  wish. 

This  of  course  is  meant  personally  of  Woodward 
— the  allusion  to  his  Prologue  is  obvious— he  had 
before  said,  speaking  of  himself  as  Harlequin,  "  my 
"  wit  is  not  above  5  feet  high  at  present,  I  could 
"  spring  10  feet  formerly." 

A  compliment  is  introduced  to  Garrick,  who  is 
called  Shakspeare's  best  commentator. 

Boccalini  concludes  with  saying — "  Let  audiences 
"  support  the  decorum  of  the  theatre — let  Managers 
"  procure  novelty  by  a  due  encouragement  of  genius 
"  — if  new  plays  of  value  cannot  be  had,  let  them  re- 
"  vive  the  old,  but  be  sparing  of  alterations— they 
"  may  lop  excrescences  and  remove  indecency ;  but 
"  the  form  in  which  the  fathers  of  the  drama  left 
"  their  works,  shows  their  own  frame  of  thought, 
"  and  ought  to  be  respected — in  a  word,  let  Managers 
"  consider  themselves  as  the  head  of  a  great  ware- 
"  house  ;  procure  the  best  assortment  of  goods,  get 
"  proper  hands  to  display  them  ;  open  their  doors, 
"  be  civil  to  their  customers,  and  Apollo  foretells 
"  that  the  generosity  of  the  public  will  reward  their 
"  endeavours." 

Sep.  25.    She  Stoops  to  Conquer,  with  Padlock. 
Don  Diego  =  Reinhold  :    Mungo  =  Quick :    Leaiuler 


560  c.  G.  1776-1777. 

=  Mahori:  Leonora  —  Miss  Brown:  Ursula  =  Mrs. 
Green. 

27.  Beggar's  Opera.  Macheath  =  Mattocks : 
Peachum  =  Wilson  :  Lockit  =  Dunstall  :  Filch  =  We- 
witzer  :  Polly  =  Miss  Catley  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Mattocks : 
Mrs.  Peachum  =  Mrs.  Pitt :  Mrs.  Slammekin  =  Mrs. 
Green : — with  Cross  Purposes. 

30.  Beggar's  Opera.     Polly  =  Miss  Brown  :    Lucy 
=  Miss  Catley. 

Oct.  2.  Distressed  Mother — as  before. 

7.  Romeo  and  Juliet.  Romeo  =  Ward,  1  st  appear- 
ance :  Mercutio  =  Woodward  :  Juliet  =  Mrs.  Jackson. 

8.  Venice  Preserved.     Jaffier  =  Barry  :  Pierre  = 
Aikin  :  BelviderariMrs.  Barry  : — Barry  appeared  so 
infirm  before  the  curtain  drew  up,  that  it  was  the 
general  opinion  he  could  not  go  through  the  part ; 
but  no  sooner  was  he  warmed  in  the  interest  of  the 
scene,  no  sooner  did  he  feel  the  glow  of  love  and  ten- 
derness, than  he  communicated  his  feelings  to  all 
around  :   he  went  through  the  play  with  the  same 
animation,  but  returned  to  the  Green-room  almost  in 
a  state  of  insensibility.     (  Cooke's  Life  of  Macklin.) 

16.  All  in  the  Wrong.     Belinda  =  Mrs.  Bulkley, 
1st  time  : — Miss  Barsanti  was  not  engaged. 

17.  Hamlet.     Hamlet  =  Lewis,  1st  time:  Ghost  = 
Aikin  :  King  =  Clarke  :  Horatio  —  Hull :  Polonius  = 
Quick:    1st   Gravedigger  =  Dunstall :  Osrick=zLee 
Lewes:  Queens  Mrs.  Jackson,   1st  time:  Ophelia 
=  Mrs.  Mattocks  : — with  Golden  Pippin. 

25.  Jovial  Crew.  Oldrents  —  Booth,  1st  time  : 
Hearty  =  Reinhold  :  Vincent  =  M  attocks  :  Hilliard  = 
Mahon,  1st  time:  Springlove  =  Wroughton  :  Justice 


C.G.  1776-1777. 

Clack  =  Quick,  1st  time  :  Randal  =  Dunstall :  Rachel 
=  MissCatley:  Meriel  =  Miss  Brown. 

29.  Macklin  acted  Shylock  and  Sir  Archy. 

31.  Douglas.  Douglas  =  Lewis:  Old  Norval  = 
Clarke  : — with  (never  acted  there)  the  Bankrupt — 
Wilson — Wroughton — Dunstall  —Quick  and  Mrs. 
Jackson— they  probably  acted  Sir  Robert  Riscountrr 
— Sir  James  Biddulph — Pillage — Margin  and  L 
Riscounter. 

Nov.  1.  Orphan.  Castalio  — Wroughton:  Cham ont 
=  Lewis  :  Polydore  =  Aikin  :  Acasto  —  Clarke  :  Mo- 
nimia  =  Lady,  her  1st  appearance. 

2.  Not  acted  6  years,  Way  of  the  World.  Mira- 
bell  =  Lewis  :  Fainall  =  Wroughton  :  Witwou'd  = 
Lee  Lewes  :  Petulant  =  Woodward  :  Sir  Wilful 
Witwou'd  =  Dunstall:  Waitwell  =  Wilson:  Milla- 
mant  =  Mrs.  Barry,  1st  time  :  Mrs.  M arwood  =.  Mrs. 
Mattocks:  Lady  Wishfort  =  Mrs.  Pitt:  Foible  =  Mrs. 
Green. 

4.   Conscious   Lovers.      Young   Bevil  =  Lew 
Tom  =  Woodward  :   Myrtle  =  Wroughton  :    Cimber- 
ton  =  Quick:  Sealand  =  Clarke:    Indiana  =  Mrs. 
Hartley,  1st  time  :  Phillis  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

7.  Provoked  Husband.    Lord  Town ly  =  Lewis,  1st 
time  :  Sir  Francis  Wronghead=  .Macklin  :   Manly  = 
Clarke:    Squire  Richard  =  Quick  :    Count  Basset  = 
Lee  Lewes  :  John  Moody  =  Dunstall  :  Lady  Toxvuly 
=  Mrs.  BaiTy  :    Lady  Wronghead  =  Miss  Macklin, 
1st  time:    Lady  Grace  =  Mrs.  Lessinghain  :    Mi?s 
Jenny  =  Mrs.  Mattocks. 

8.  Citizen.     Old  Philpot  =  Quick. 

11.  Macklin  acted  Richard  the'Sd,  ami  Sir  Aivliy. 

VOL.  V.  O    O 


562  c.  o.  1776-1777. 

12.  As  you  like  it.     Jaques  =  Clarke. 

14.  Ethelinda,  or  the  Royal  Convert.     Mengist  — 
Wroughton  :   Aribert  =  Lewis  :  Seofrid  =  Hull  :   Ro- 
dogune  =  Mrs.   Ward,  her   1st  appearance  there  : 
Ethelinda i=  Mrs.  Hartley: — with   (never  acted)  Se- 
raglio.    Abdallah  (the  grand  Bashaw)  =  Mattocks  : 
Frederick  (in  love  with  Lydia)  =  Leoni  :    Reef  = 
Reinhold  :    Venture  =.  Quick  :    Good  will  =  Dunstall  : 
Lydia  =  Miss  Brown  :   Pollys  Miss  Dayes  :    Curtis 
—  Mrs.  Green  :  Elmiran:  Miss  Wewitzer,  her  1st  ap- 
pearance : — acted  8  times — this  is  an  insipid  musical 
Entertainment  hy  Dihdin — the  scene  seems  to  lie  at 
Algiers — Lydia  is  a  prisoner  in  the  Seraglio — Fre- 
derick,  with  the   assistance  of  the  English  Sailors, 
attempts  to  rescue  her  by  force — Abdallah  generously 
sets  her  at  liberty — Baker's  account  of  this  piece  in 
his  edition  of  the  B.  D.  is  disgracefully  bad— Jones 
has  very  properly  omitted  it. 

15.  Love  for  Love.     Ben  (with  a  song)  =  Macklin. 

16.  Englishman  in  Paris.     Buck  =  Woodward. 
19.    Polly    Honeycombe.     Honeycombe  =  Quick : 

Scribble  =  Lee  Lewes:  Polly = Mrs.  Wilson,  1st  time: 
Mrs.  Honey  comber  Mrs.  Pitt. 

21.  Never  acted  there,  Zenobia.  Rhadamistus^ 
Wroughton :  Pharasmenes  —  Aikiu  :  Teribazus  = 
Lewis  :  Megistus  =  Hull  :  Zenobia  =  Mrs.  Barry. 

25.  Dibdin's  bt.    (as  author  of  Seraglio)     Henry 
8th.     Queen  =  Mrs.  Hartley  : — rest  as  before. 

26.  Stratagem — as  before. 

28.  Grecian  Daughter.  Evander  =  Barry  :  Diony- 
sius  =  Clarke :  Philotas  =.  Ward  :  Melanthon  =  Hull : 
Phocion  =  Wroughton  :  Euphrasia  —  Mrs.  Barry  : — 
this  is  the  last  time  that  Barry's  name  was  in  the  bills. 


c.  (i.    1776-1777.  .563 

SO.  High  Life  below  Stairs.  Lovel  =  Ward:  Duke's 
Servant  z=  Lee  Lewes  :  Philip  =  Wilson  :  Kitty  =  Mrs. 
Wilson. 

Dec.  2.  Macbeth.  Macbeth  =  Macklin  :  Macduff 
=  Clarke:  Banquo  =  Aikin:  Malcolm  =  Ward  :  Dun- 
can =  Hull:  Witches  =  Dunstall,  Mrs.  Pitt  and  Quick: 
Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Hartley: — with  Two  Misers — 
at  the  bottom  of  the  bill  Barry  was  advertised  for 
Lusignan,  but  he  was  taken  ill,  and  did  not  act. 

4.  Maid  of  the  Mill.    Lord  Aim  worth  =  Mattocks : 
Sir  Harry  Sycamore  =  W  ilson  :     Giles  =  Reinhold  : 
Ralph  =  Quick  :  Fail-field  =  Hull :  Pat ty  =  Mrs.  Mat- 
tocks  :  Fanny = Miss  Brown  :  Lady  Sycamore  =  Mrs. 
Pitt. 

5.  Suspicious  Husband.    Ranger  =  Lewis  :  Strict- 
land  =  Clarke :     Frankly  =  Wroughton  :     Clarinda  = 
Mrs.  Bulkley :  Mrs.   Strictland  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : 
Lucetta  =  Mrs.  Green. 

6.  Never  acted,  Caractacus.     Caractacus  (King  of 
the  Silures)  =  Clarke  :  Arviragus  (his  son)  =  Lewis  : 
Elidurus  =  Wroughton  :  Modred  (the  chief  Druid)  = 
Aikin  :  Mador  (the  chief  Bard)  =  Hull :   Vellinus  = 
Ward  :   Aulus  Didius  (the  Roman  General)  =  Whit- 
field  :  Evelina  (daughter  to  Caractacus)  =  Mrs.  Hurt- 
ley  : — acted  14  times— Caractacus  had  resisted  the 
Romans  for  9  years — he  was  at  last  overpowered  by 
them — he  had  retired  to   Mona — he  intends  to  be- 
come a  Druid — the  Queen  of  the   Brigantes  sends 
her  sons,  Vellinus  and  Elidurus,  to  Mona  (now  An- 
glesea)   for  the  purpose  of  putting  Caractacus  into 
the  hands  of  the  Romans  by  treachery —they  are 
suspected  as  spies  —Vellinus  makes  his  escape — Eli- 
durus exculpates  himself — a  battle  takes  place  be- 

o  o  2 


564  c.  G.  1776-1777. 

tween  the  Romans  and  Britons — Arviragus  is  mor- 
tally wounded — he  dies  on  the  stage — Caractacus, 
Elidurus  and  Evelina  are  carried  to  Rome  as  pri- 
soners— Mason's  fine  T.,  which  was  published  in 
17^9,  was  now  adapted  to  the  stage  hy  himself — 
the  alterations  which  he  made  were  very  judicious, 
but  not  very  important — he  distinguished  those  parts 
of  the  Odes  that  he  meant  to  be  sung,  from  those 
which  were  to  be  recited  by  the  chief  Bard — Modred 
spoke  a  great  deal  of  what  in  the  first  edition  is  attri- 
buted to  the  Chorus — Caractacus  is  written  in  imita- 
tion of  the  Greek  Tragedies. 

16.  Caractacus,  with  Country  Wife.    Pinchwife=: 
Lee  :  Sparkish  =  Lee  Lewes:  Country  Wife  —Mrs. 
Wilson,  1st  time. 

17.  For  the  Theatrical  Fund—  acted  but  once  for 
20  years,   Double  Dealer.     Maskwell  =  Aikin,  1st 
time  :   Sir  Paul  Plyant  =  Macklin  :  Lady  Touchwood 
=  Mrs.  Jackson,  1st  time  :  Lady  Froth  =  Mrs.  Mat- 
tocks,  1st  time:  Lady  Plyant  =  Miss  Macklin,  1st 
time  : — rest  as  March  5. 

18.  Not  acted  7  years,  Mourning  Bride.     Osmyn 
=  Lewis,  1st  time  :  King  =.  Clarke :  Gonzalez  —  Hull : 
Zara  •=  Mrs.  Ward,  1st  time  :  Almeria^Mrs.  Hartley, 
1st  time. 

26.  Henry  2d.     King   =    Aikin  :  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Ward,  1st  time. 

27.  Never    acted   there,  Tempest.     Prospero   = 
Hull :  Ferdinand  =  Mattocks  :  Stephano  =  Wilson  : 
Trinculo  =  Quick  :  Caliban  =  Dunstall :  Miranda  = 
Miss  Brown  :  Ariel  =  Mrs.  Parrel : — acted  6  times. 

30.  Woodward  acted  Stephano. 

31.  Wilson  acted  Stephano. 


C.G.  mr,-i777.  .00; 

Jan.  1.  Love  in  a  Village 2.  Refusal. 

8.  Not  acted  5  years,  Measure  for  Measure. 
Duke  =  Lee,  1st  time:  Lucio  =  Woodward  :  Angelo 
=  Hull :  Claudio  =  Wroughton  :  Clown  —  Dunstall  : 
Isabella^  Mrs.  Jackson,  1st  time  :— with  Comus. 

13.  Tempest.  Stephano  =.  Woodward  : — this  was 
his  last  time  of  acting— on  this  evening  the  Tempest 
was  acted  at  both  houses — (JB.  M.) — on  the  revival 
of  the  Tempest  at  D.  L.,  the  bill  stated  that  it  was 
Shakspeare's  play,  in  5  acts — at  C.  G.  the  bill  stated, 
that  Shakspeare's  play,  on  account  of  the  additional 
airs,  was  contracted  to  3  acts. 

17.  Never  acted  there,  Merope.  Dorilas  =  Peile, 
his  1st  appearance  :  Polyphorites  =  Hull :  Narbas=: 
Clarke:  Merope  =  Mrs.  Jackson  :  Ismene  =  \i\« 
Leeson  :— repeated  on  the  18th  and  20th. 

Feb.  1.  Never  acted,  Sir  Thomas  Overbury.  Sir 
Thomas  Overbury  =  Lewis  :  Earl  of  Somerset  = 
Wroughton  :  Earl  of  Northampton  =:  Hull :  Sir  Ger- 
vas  Elvis=:Whitfield  :  Countess  of  Somerset  =  Mrs. 
Jackson  :  Isabella  =.  Mrs.  Hartley  : — acted  11  times 
— this  was  not  a  new  T.,  but  only  an  alteration  of 
Savage's  play — for  the  particulars  of  the  alt  M  ;  tion 
made  on  this  revival  of  it,  see  D.  L.  June  12  1723 
—Sheridan  observes  in  the  Prologue,  that  the  fate  of 
Tyrants,  Heroes  and  States  does  not  greatly  interest 
one— he  adds — 

"  Too  great  for  pity  they  inspire  respect, 
"  Their  deeds  astonish  rather  than  affect ; 
"  Proving  how  rare  the  heart  that  woe  can  move, 
"  Which  reason  tells  us,  we  can  never  prove." 

22.  Never  acted,  Know  your  own  Mind.  Milla- 
mour  =  Lewis  :  Dashwould  (a  joker)  =  Lee 


,566  c.  G.   1776-1777. 

Malvil  (a  hypocrite)  =  Wroughton :  Bygrove  —.  Aikin  : 

Capt.  Bygrove  (his  son — in  love  with  Lady  Jane)  = 

Booth :  Sir  Harry  Lovewit  =  Whitfield  :  Sir  John 

Millamour  =  Fearon  :  Charles  —  Wewitzer  :  Lady 

Bell  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Miss  Neville  (a  poor  relation 

to  Mrs.  Bromley)  =  Mrs.  Hartley  :   Mrs.   Bromley 

(aunt  to  Lady  Bell  and  Lady  Jane)  =  Mrs.  Jackson  : 

Lady  Jane   (in   love  with    Capt.  Bygrove)  =  Miss 

Dayes  :  Madam  La  Rouge  =  Miss  Ambrose  : — acted 

18  times — Millamour   makes  himself  ridiculous  by 

never  Knowing  his  own  Mind — he  pays  his  addresses 

first  to  Lady  Bell,   next  to  Lady  Jane,  and  then  to 

Mrs.  Bromley — at  the  conclusion  he  marries  Lady 

Bell — Malvil  lays  a  plan  for  seducing  Miss  Neville — 

she  is   rescued  from  him — and  he  is  exposed — Sir 

Harry  marries  Miss  Neville — this  is  a  very  good  play 

— Murphy,  in  the  Prologue,  tells  us  that  this  Comedy 

had  been  written  by  him  9  years  ago,  and  that  it  was 

to  be  his  last — he  then  alludes  to  the  death  of  Barry, 

and  to  the   illness  of  Woodward,   who  was  to  have 

played  Dashwould,  and  who  died  some  few  weeks 

after — Lee  Lewes  succeeded  not  only  to  that  part, 

but  to  most  of  the  rest  of  Woodward's  characters. 

March  17.  Mrs.  Barry's  bt.  Not  acted  6  years, 
Twelfth  Night.  Malvolio  =  Wilson  :  Sir  Andrew 
Aguecheek  =  Quick:  Sir  Toby  Belch  =  Dunstall : 
Orsino  =  Lewis  :  Clown  —  Lee  Lewes  :  Viola  =  Mrs. 
Barry,  1st  time:  Olivia  =Mrs.  Hartley:  Maria  = 
Mrs.  Wilson. 

April  7«  Lewis'  bt.  Not  acted  7  years,  Countess 
of  Salisbury.  Alwin  =  Lewis,  1st  time  :  Raymond 
=  Wroughton :  Grey  —  Clarke  :  Countess  =  Mrs. 
Barry  :—  with  a  Farce  in  3  acts  called  the  Jealous 


c.o.  1776-1777.  50? 

Husband  (taken'from  the  Span  Mi  1  r    u       <v>u 
Lee  Lewes — Dunstall,  and  Mrs.  Mattocks —they  no 
doubt  acted  the  parts  which  corresponded  to  Gomez 
—Lorenzo— Dominic,  and  Klvira. 

10.  Woodward's  bt.   Know  your  own  Mind. 

14.  Mattocks' bt.  Not  acted  7  years,  Tancred  and 
Sigismunda.  Tancred  =  Lewis,  1st  time:  Si  fired  i  ~ 
Hull :  Osmond  =  Clarke  :  Sigismunda  =  Mrs.  Ban y 
— with  Country  Madcap.  Ballad  =  Mattock*  :  Can- 
tileno  =  Reinhold  :  Lord  Bavvble  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Zo- 
robabel  =  Quick  :  Country  Madcap  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  : 
Mrs.  Midnight^  Mrs.  Pitt. 

16.  Mrs.Lessingham's  bt.  Othello.  Othello =Peile  : 
lago  =  Macklin :  Cassio  =  Lewis  :  Brabantio  =  Hull : 
Roderigo  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Desdernona=Mrs.  Lessing- 
ham :  ^Emilia  =  Mrs.  Mattocks :  —with  (never  acted) 
Experiment.  Wro  ugh  tori,  Lee  Lewes,  and  Mrs. 
Lessingham— not  acted  again. 

28.  Quick's  bt.  Amphitryon.     Jupiter  =  Lewis  : 
Sosia  =  Quick  :  Amphitryon  =  Wroughton  :  Mercury 
=  Whitfield  :  Judge  Gripus  =  Wilson  :  Alcraena  = 
Mrs.  Hartley:  Phaedra  =  Mrs.  Mattocks  :  Bromia  = 
Mrs.  Pitt : — after  which  (never  acted)  Tony  Lump- 
kin's  Adventures  in  a  Trip  to  London.  Tony  Lump- 
kin  =  Quick  : — with  a  Farce,  (altered  from  Field 
and  not  acted  17  years)  called  Don  Quixote  in  Eng- 
land.    Lee  Lewes— Quick — Miss  Valois,    and  >h>. 
Pitt : — they  probably  acted  Don  Quixote — Sancho  — 
Dorothea,  and  Mrs.  Guzzle. 

29.  Not  acted  6  years,  Lionel  and  Clarissa.     Lio- 
nel =  Mattocks  :   Col.  Oldboy  =  Wilson  :  Jessamy  = 
Wewitzer  :   Sir  John  Flo werdale  =  Hull :  Jenkins  = 
Dunstall:   Harman  =  Mahon  :  Clarissa  2:  Mrs.  Mat- 


568  c.  G.   1776-1777. 

tocks  :  Dianas  Miss  Brown  :  Lady  Mary  Oldboy  = 
Mrs.  Green  :  Jenny  — Mrs.  Wilson  :  =  with  Citizen. 
Young  Philpot  =Lee  Lewes :  Maria  =  Miss  Brown, 
1st  time  : — this  was  her  benefit. 

30.  Old  Maid.  Clerimont  =  Wroughtori  :  Capt. 
Cape  =:  Deinstall :  Harlown:  Whitfield  :  Miss  Harlow 
=  Mrs.  Green:  Mrs.  Harlow  =  Mrs.  Lessingham. 

May  2.  Wilson's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  School  for 
Wives.  General  Savage  =  Wilson  :  Belville  =  Lewis  : 
Torrington  =  Quick  :  Connolly  =  Mahon  :  Leeson  = 
Whitfield  :  Capt.  Savage  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Miss  Wal- 
singham  =  Mrs.  Wilson  :  Mrs.  Belville  =  Mrs.  Jack- 
son :  Lady  Rachel  Mildew  =  Mrs.  Pitt :  Miss  Leeson 
=  Miss  Leeson  :  Mrs.  Tempest  =  Mrs.  Whitfield  : 
— with  an  Interlude  called  the  Clock-Case,  or 
Female  Curiosity.  Face  =  Wilson:  Square  =  Rob- 
son  :  Magnum  Bonum  =Fearon  :  Triangle  =  Gush- 
ing :  Compass  =  Wewitzer :  Mrs.  Square  =  Mrs. 
Pitt: — and  Midas — the  Interlude  is  not  printed— 
Mrs.  Square  conceals  herself  in  a  clock-case  with  a 
view  to  overhear  the  secrets  of  the  Freemasons — she 
is  discovered. 

5.  For  bt.  of  Wild,  Prompter,  and  Mahon. 
Alexander  the  Great.  Alexander  =  Peile  :  Roxana  = 
Mrs.  Ward  : — with  (never  acted)  the  Device,  or  the 
Marriage-Office  —  Mattocks  —  Wilson —  Mrs.  Wil- 
son— Miss  Brown,  &c. — not  acted  again. 

7.  Mrs.  Jackson's  bt.  Revenge.  Zanga  =  Jackson 
from  Dublin  :  Alonzo  =  Wroughton :  Carlos  = 
Lewis:  Leonora  =  Mrs.  Jackson. 

1%.  West  Indian.  Belcour  =  Lewis  :  Stockwell  = 
Clarke:  Major  O'Haherty  =  Aikin  :  Capt.  Dudley 
=±  Hull :  Charles  Dudley  =  Wroughton  :  Varland 


c.  o.   1776-1777.  .',<}() 

=  Quick :  Fulmer  =  Dunstall :  Charlotte  =  Mrs. 
Mattocks:  Louisa  =  Mrs.  Bulkley  :  Lady  Rusport  = 
Mrs.  Green. 

13.  Forbt.  of  Whitfield,  and  MVu-it/er.     Never 
acted  there,  a  Word  to  the  Wise.     Sir  George  Hast- 
ings =  Lee  Lewes  :  Capt.  Dormer  =  Whitfield  :    Vil- 
lars  =  Lewis  :  Sir  John  Dormer  =  Hull  :   Willoughby 
=  Aikin:  Miss   Montague  =  Mrs.    Hulkley  :    .Mi-- 
Dormer =  Mrs.  Whitfield  :  Miss  Willoughby  =  Mr-. 
Hartley  :  Mrs.  Willoughby  =  Mrs.  Jackson  : — with 
True  Blue,  and  Three  Weeks  after  Marriage. 

14.  Mrs.  Hartley  acted  Sigismunda,  1st  time. 
24.  Lee  Lewes  acted  Capt.  Brazen,  1st  time. 
26.  Last  night — Duenna  26th  time  this  season. 
29.  For  the  bt.  of  Kelly's  Widow  and  Children- 

A  Word  to  the  Wise.  Capt.  Dormer  =  Powell  from 
Edinburgh  :  Miss  Dormer  =  Mrs.  Mattocks,  1st  time  : 
— rest  as  before — with  Deuce  is  in  him.  Col.  Tam- 
per =  Wroughton  :  Prattle  =  Lee  Lewes:  Emily  = 
Mrs.  Mattocks:  Bell  =  Mrs.  Bulkley:  Florival  = 
Mrs.  Lessingham  : Dr.  Johnson  wrote  a  Pro- 
logue, which  was  spoken  by  Hull— 

"  This  night  presents  a  play  which  public  rage, 
"  Or  right,  or  wrong,  once  hooted  from  the  stage. 
"  From  zeal,  or  malice,  now  no  more  we  dread, 

"  For  English  vengeance  wars  not  with  the  dead. 

******* 

"  Where  aught  of  bright,  or  fair  the  piece  displays, 
"  Approve  it  only — 'tis  too  late  to  praise. 
"  If  want  of  skill,  or  want  of  care  appear, 
"  Forbear  to  hiss — the  poet  cannot  hear." 

(Bills  from  my  men  Collection.) 


570  c.  G.  1776-1777. 

A  little  time  before  Dr.  Johnson  wrote  this  Pro- 
logue, he  had  written  a  speech  for  Dr.  Dodd,  when 
called  up  to  receive  sentence  of  death,  besides  two 
petitions,  and  a  sermon  to  be  preached  by  him  to 
the  convicts  in  Newgate — when  Johnson  was  rallied 
for  these  exertions,  so  close  to  one  another,  his 
answer  was,  "  When  they  come  to  me  with  a  dying 
"  Parson,  and  a  dead  Stay-maker,  what  can  a  man 
"  do  ?"  (Murpkifs  Life  of  Johnson.) 

Spranger  Barry  died  Jan.  10— he  was  unques- 
tionably the  most  pleasing  actor  that  ever  trod  the 
stage  for  many  years  as  a  Hero  or  a  Lover  ;  he  gave 
dignity  to  the  one  and  passion  to  the  other — there 
was  never  perhaps  an  actor,  who  was  so  much  in- 
debted to  nature  as  Barry  ;  his  person  was  noble 
and  commanding,  his  action  graceful  and  correct,  his 
features  regular,  expressive  and  handsome ;  his 
countenance  naturally  open,  placid  and  benevolent, 
yet  easily  worked  to  the  indication  of  haughtiness 
and  contempt,  but  in  the^softer  expressions  of  tender 
and  feeling  emotions  he  principally  excelled — his 
voice  was  finely  calculated  to  aid  his  appearance ;  it 
had  melody,  depth  and  strength  ;  there  was  a  burst 
of  grief  in  it  which  was  peculiar  to  himself — Othello 
was  his  great  part ;  his  manner  of  saying,  "  No,  not 
"  much  moved"  was  exquisite — his  Alexander  was 
admirable — most  persons  preferred  his  Romeo  to 
Garrick's — in  Varanes  he  was  unrivalled — he  was 
likewise  very  great  in  Castalio —  Jaffier — Antony 
(All  for  Love)  —  Osmyn  —  Orestes  -  -  Phocyas  — 
Henry  5th— Hastings  —  Essex  —  Oroonoko  —  Lord 
Townly — Young  Bevil,  &c. — Macbeth  and  Richard 
he  should  never  have  attempted,  for  he  was 


C.G.   1776-1777.  571 

deficient  in  representing  the  violent  emotions  of  th<- 
soul — in  Bajazet,  the  brutal  part  of  the  character  did 
not  suit  him,  but  in  the  last  scene  with  Selima  his 
excellence  surpassed  all  prai<«- — in  Hamlet  he  was 
pleasing  but  not  capital— in  Lothario  he  was  elegant 
but  wanted  fire — in  Horatio  he  failed— (Hitchcock— 
Davies — and  Dram.  Ccn.') — in  point  of  judgment  he 
seems  to  have  been  miserably  inferiour  to  Garri«  k, 
and  his  failure  in  this  respect  gave  Churchill  a  handle 
for  the  many  severe  things  he  said  of  him — latterly 
his  encreasing  infirmities  diminished  much  from  his 
former  excellence,  but  even  the  dregs  of  his  at 
were  respectable. 


Barry9 s  characters. 

Smock  Alley  Dublin.  Barry  made  his  1st  ap- 
pearance in  Othello  Feb.  15  1743-1744— his  next 
character  was  Pierre. 

1744-1745.  King  Lear  —  Young  Bevil— Henry 
5th — Orestes — Hotspur. 

1745-1746.     Castalio— Altamont 

D.  L.  1746-1747.  Othello  -  .\hu-beth— Castalio 
— Varanes  —  Lord  Townly — Hotspur — Antony  in 
All  for  Love— Pierre — Young  Bevil -- Hamlet — 
Antony  in  Julius  Ccesar. 

1747-1748.  Bajazet— Henry  5th  —  Dumont  — 
Horatio  in  F.  P. — *Sir  Charles  Raymond  in  Found- 
ling—Orestes— in  Lover'*  .Melancholy-  pro! >aMy 
Palador. 

1748-1749.     Romeo — *  Mahomet  in  Irene. 


572  c.  o.  1776-1777. 

1749-1750.  *Ribemont  in  Edward  the  Black 
Prince — *Publius  Horatius  in  R.  F. 

C.G  1750-1751.  Hastings— Lothario— Faulcon- 
bridge — Osman  in  Zara — Oroonoko. 

1751-1752.  Phocyas  in  Siege  of  Damascus. 

1752-1753.     Jaffier— *Essex  by  Jones. 

1753-1754.  *Pyroeles  in  Philocea — *Constantine 
by  Francis — *Florizel  in  Sheep-Shearing. 

Dublin  1754-1755.  Osmyn  in  Mourning  Bride  — 
King  Lear — Alexander. 

C.  G.  1755-1756.      Alexander  the    Great— King 
Lear—Myron  in  Busiris — Osmyn — Capt.  Plume. 

1756-1757*  Demetrius  in  Humorous  Lieutenant 
— Richard  the  3d— *Young  Norval  in  Douglas. 

1757-1758.     Herod  in  Mariamne. 

Crow  Street  Dublin  1758-1759.  No  new  character. 

1759-1760.     No  new  character. 

1760-1761.     Zamti  in  Orphan  of  China. 

1761-1762.     Sir  Callaghan  in  Love  a-la-Mode. 

1762-1763.     Probably  King  Arthur. 

1763-1764.  No  new  character. 

1764-1765.     Captain  Macheath — Lord  Aim  worth. 

1765-1766.    -*   No   new   character— he    doubtless 

1766-1767.  y  played  several  parts  in  Ireland 
which  Hitchcock  does  not  mention. 

Hay.  1767.  Macheath — *Alwin  in  Countess  of 
Salisbury — he  had  played  the  part  in  Ireland. 

D.  L.  1767-1768.    *Rhadamistus  in  Zenobia— An- 
thonio  in  Merchant  of  Venice. 

1768-1769.  *Ronan  in  Fatal  Discovery. 

1769-1770.  No  new  character. 

1770-1771.  *Tancred  in  Alrnida. 

1771-1772.  *Timon  in  Cumberland's  Timon  of 


c.  G.   1776-1777.  573 

Athens — *  Aubrey  in  Fashionable  Lover—  'Evander 
in  Grecian  Daughter. 

1772-1773.     *  Melville  in  Duel. 

1773-1774.  *Seraphis  in  Sethona— Theseus  in 
P.  and  H. 

C.  G.  1774.1775.  Lusignan— Jaques  in  As  you 
like  it — *Artabasus  in  Cleonice — Selim  in  Edward 
and  Eleanora. 

1775-1776.  Sciolto— Stranger  in  Douglas— Orel- 
Ian  in  Fatal  Discovery. 

1776-1777.     No  new  character. 

*   Originally. 


Davies  says,  that  Barry  in  the  last  stage  of  life 
acted  the  dying  scenes  of  Henry  the  4th — notwith- 
standing that  Davies  enlarges  on  his  performance  of 
this  part,  yet  there  is  the  strongest  reason  to  believe 
that  he  did  not  perform  it — Davies  has,  perhaps, 
confounded  Henry  the  4th  with  Lusignan. 

Henry  Woodward  died  April  17 — he  was  an  actor 
who  for  various  abilities  to  delight  an  audience  in 
comic  characters  had  scarcely  an  equal — his  person 
was  so  regularly  formed  and  his  look  so  serious  and 
composed,  that  any  body,  not  acquainted  with  his 
style  of  acting,  would  at  first  have  supposed  that  his 
talents  were  adapted  to  serious  parts,  to  the  real  fine 
gentleman,  rather  than  to  the  brisk  fop  and  pert  cox- 
comb—but the  moment  he  spoke  on  the  stage,  a  cer- 
tain ludicrous  air  laid  hold  of  his  features  and  every 
muscle  of  his  face  ranged  itself  on  the  side  of  levity; 
the  very  tones  of  his  voice  inspired  comic  ideas,  and 


574  c.  G.   1776-1777. 

tho'  he  often  wished  to  act  Tragedy,  yet  he  could 
never  speak  a  line  with  propriety  that  was  serious 
— all  variations  of  brisk  impertinence  and  assumed 
consequence,  of  affected  gaiety  and  unblushing  effron- 
tery, he  displayed  with  most  engaging  and  laughable 
consequence — in  Sir  Joseph  Wittol — Brisk — Tattle 
and  Witwou'd  —  in  Parolles  -  -  Osrick — Lucio  and 
Mercutio,  he  was  extremely  entertaining,  and  kept 
the  audience  perpetually  and  merrily  attentive — in 
Gibber's  and  Vanburgh's  Foppington  he  pleased  by  a 
peculiar  art  that  he  lent  the  parts,  for  the  real  cha- 
racter was  then  lost — (Davies) — Bobadill  was  his 
great  part,  in  which  he  acquired  a  vast  encrease  of 
reputation  and  gave  a  striking  proof  of  his  genius — 
in  Marplot  he  was  every  thing  the  author  or  spec- 
tator could  wish — he  excelled  likewise  in  Touchstone 
— Tom — Trappolin — Capt.  Flash — Clodio — Sosia — 
Duretete— Sancho  in  the  Mistake — Lissardo — Capt. 
Mizen — Brass,  &c. — his  deportment  was  pleasing, 
but  too  studied— he  sometimes  overacted  the  cha- 
racter, especially  in  Scrub — he  was  very  particular 
about  dressing  his  parts  exactly — he  suffered  less  im- 
pair from  time  than  any  person  of  his  standing  in 
the  theatre — on  the  stage  his  vivacity  was  amazing  ; 
as  a  companion  he  was  merely  inoffensive.  (Dram. 
Censor  and  Wilkinson.) 


Woodward's  characters. 

G.  F.  1730-1731.  Simple  in  Merry  Wives — Dicky 
in  Constant  Couple — Page  in  Orphan — Tom  Thumb 


c.  G.    1776-1777. 

-2d  Spirit  in  Devil  of  a  Wife— Priestess  in  Sopho- 
nisba — Spirit  in  Tempest. 

1731-1732.  Haly  in  Tamerlane  — Selim  in  Mourn- 
ing Bride — Harlequin. 

1732-1733.  Daniel  in  Conscious  Lovers— Donal- 
bain — Setter  in  Old  Batchelor— 1st  Drawer  in  Ta- 
vern Bilkers. 

1733-1734.      Squire  Richard  —  Jaques  in    Love 
makes  a  Man—Squire  Clodpole  in  Lover's  Open  -a 
Supple  in  Double  Gallant  — Shoemaker  in  Relapse 
— Fetch  in  Stage  Coach. 

1734i-1735.  Petit  in  Inconstant — Prince  John  in 
Henry  4th  part  1st — Victory  in  Britannia — Sneak  in 
Country  Lasses. 

1735-1736.  Slango  in  Honest  Yorkshireman — 
Albanact  in  King  Arthur — *Issouf  in  Parricide  by 
Sterling. 

L.  I.  F.  1736-1737.  *Spruce  in  Independant  Pa- 
triot— *  Young  Manly  in  Tutor  for  the  Beaux. 

D.  L.  1737-1738.  Feeble  in  Henry  4th  part  2d— 
'French  Cook  in  Sir  John  Cockle — Master  Slender 
— Lory — Witwou'd — Gibbet — Squire  of  Alsatia — 
Mock  Hephestion — Sancho  in  Love  makes  a  Man — 
Kastril  in  Alchemist. 

1738-1739.  Abel  in  Committee — Jeremy  in  Love 
for  Love — Daniel  in  Oroonoko — Roderigo — Soto  in 
She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not — 2d  Carrier  in  Henry 
4th— Mad  Taylor  in  Pilgrim — Maiden  in  Tunbridge 
Walks — Citizen  in  Julius  Cwsar — Capt.  Strut  in 
Double  Gallant — Simon  Pure— Sly  in  Love's  last 
Shift — Sir  Amorous  La  Foole  in  Silent  Woman- 
Shoemaker  in  Man  of  the  Mode — 1st  Bully  in 
Lady's  last  Stake— Clodio  in  Love  makes  a  Man— 


576  c.  G.  1776-1777. 

Clincher  Jun.— Count  Basset — Novel  in  Plain  Dealer 
— Duretete — Sir  Novelty  Fashion — Col.  Cockade  in 
Man  of  Taste — Looby  Headpiece  in  Mother  in  Law 

—  Sparkish  in   Country  Wife — Sir  Joseph  Wittol — 
cast  for  Laertes  in  Gustavus  Vasa. 

1739-1740.  Tattle— Suhtleman  in  Twin  Rivals 
— Tom  in  Match  in  Newgate — *Poet  in  Hospital 
for  Fools — Antony  in  Chances — Cheatly  in  Squire  of 
Alsatia — Costar  Pearmain — Mustacho  in  Dryden's 
Tempest — *Dapperwit  in  Britons  Strike  Home — 
Poet  in  Tirnon  of  Athens — *Beau  in  Lethe — Noodle 
in  Tom  Thumb — *Neverout  in  Polite  Conversation 

—  Lord   Foppington    in    Relapse  -  -  Richmond    in 
Charles  1st. 

1740-1741.  Pistol  in  Henry  4th  part  2d— Boor  in 
Royal  Merchant — Ventoso  in  Tempest — Sneak  in 
Fond  Husband — Silvius  in  As  you  like  it — Sir  An- 
drew Aguecheek. 

C.  G.  1741-1742.  Coachman  in  Drummer — James 
in  Miser — Dashwell  in  London  Cuckolds — Campley 
in  Funeral  —  Petulant  —  Schoolboy — Osrick — Mar- 
quis of  Hazard  in  Gamester — Captain  Mizen — Sap- 
skull  in  Honest  Yorkshireman — Jaqueline  in  Fatal 
Marriage — Bullock  in  R.  O. — Merryman  in  Amorous 
Widow— Sir  Polidorus  Hogstye  in  ^Esop — Lucca  in 
Country  House — Prince  Prigg  in  Royal  Merchant. 

1742-1743.  Brisk  in  D.  D.— Gentleman  Usher  in 
Lear— Jerry  Blackacre  in  Plain  Dealer — Beau  in 
Toyshop — Lucio  in  M.  for  M. 

1743-1744.  Coupee  in  Old  Man  taught  Wisdom 
— Lying  Valet — Timothy  Peascod  in  What  d'ye  call 
it — 2d  Witch  in  Macbeth — Countryman  (probably 


C.G.   1776-1777.  .077 

Coachman)  in    Lottery  --  Lord  Sands  --  Pistol   in 
Henry  5th. 

1744-1745.  Antonio  in  Don  Sebastian — Touch- 
stone— Jack  Stocks  in  Lottery — Young  Fashion — 
Isander  in  Timon  of  Athens. 

1745-174-6.  Razor  in  P.  \V. — Charles  in  Nonjuror 
— Dauphin  in  Henry  5th — Ben  in  Love  for  Love- 
Hothead  in  Sir  Courtly  Nice — Young  Bellair  in 
Man  of  the  Mode— Parolles— Sir  Courtly  Nice — 
Guiderius  in  Cymbeline — Lord  Foppington  in  C.  H. 
— Vulture  in  Country  Lasses — in  Plot  and  no  Plot 
—probably  Bull  Jun. — Col.  Feignwell. 

1746-174/7-     John  Moody — Pallas  in  Rehearsal — 
Francis  in  Henry  4th — *Flash  in  Miss  in  her  Teens 
— Younger  Wou'dbe  in  Twin  Rivals — *Jack  Meggot 
— Higgen  in  Royal  Merchant. 
Dublin  1747-1748.     Marplot— Brass,  &c. 
D.  L.  1748-1749.     Marplot—  Brass  —  Trappanti 
— Tom  in  Conscious  Lovers — Justice  Greedy  in  New 
way  to  Pay  Old  Debts— Ramble  in  London  Cuckolds 
—Capt.  Brazen — Scrub — Gregory  in  Mock  Doctor 
— Mercutio— Harlequin  in  Emperor  of  the  Moon- 
Fine  Gentleman  in  Lethe  altered — Faddle  in  Found- 
ling— Rarnilie  in  Miser — *in  Tit  for  Tat— *in  Hen- 
peck'd  Captain. 

1749-1750.  Little  French  Lawyer— Sir  Harry 
Wildair— in  Rehearsal — Trappolin — Malagene  in 
Friendship  in  Fashion — *Witling  in  Bayes  in  Petti- 
coats. 

1750-1751.  Stuttering  Cook  in  Pilgrim— Capt. 
Clerimont  in  T.  H.— Atall  — *Don  Lewis  in  Gil 
Bias— *in  a  Lick  at  the  Town. 

VOL.    V.  P    P 


,578  c   G.  1776-1777. 

1751-1752.     Quicksilver  in  Eastward  Hoe — Bo- 
badill — Celadon  in  Comical  Lovers  — Man  of  Taste. 
1752-1753.     Sir  John  Daw— Face. 
1753-1754.     Sir  Fopling  Flutter  — *Petruchio  in 
C.  and  P. — Buck  in  Englishman  in  Paris — Launcelot 
in  M.  of  V. 

1754-1755.  Tinsel  in  Drummer  —  Sancho  in 
Mistake— Polonius— Marplot  in  Lisbon — Timothy 
Seathrift  in  Schemers. 

1755.1756.  Subtle  in  Alchemist— *Dick  in  Ap- 
prentice-Clown in  Winter's  Tale — Copper  Captain 
— Lord  George  Brilliant  in  Lady's  last  Stake. 

1756-1757.  Lissardo — Sosia — *  Block  in  Reprisal 
— *Daffodil  in  Male  Coquette. 

1757-1758.  Stephano  in  Tempest — *Nephew  in 
Gamesters  altered — Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  2d  — 
*  Razor  in  Upholsterer. 

1758-1759.  Crow  Street  Dublin.  No  new  cha- 
racter. 

1759-1760.     *Mrs.  Cole  in  Minor. 

1760-1761 .  No  new  character— he  doubtless  acted 
many  parts  not  noticed  by  Hitchcock. 

1761-1762.  Young  Philpot  —  Squire  Groom  — 
Humphrey  Gubbin  in  T.  H. 

C.  G.  1762-1763.  Drunken  Colonel  in  Intriguing 
Chambermaid — Young  Philpot— Sir  John  Brute — 
Witling  in  Refusal — Squire  Groom. 

1763-1764.  *Careless  in  No  one's  Enemy  but  his 
own — *in  False  Concord— probably  Lord  Lavender. 

1764-1765.     No  new  character. 

1765-1766.     Lopez  in  Mistake— Old  Maid. 

1766-1767.     Justice   Shallow  in  Henry  4th  part 


c.  G.  1776-1777.  579 

2d — *  Young  Brumpton  in  School  for  Guardians  - 
Humorous  Lieutenant. 

1767-1768.  Spatter  in  English  Merchant — Sir 
Harry  Beagle— "Careless  in  Oxonian  in  Town— 
Count  Mushroom  in  Irish  Fine  Lady — Lord  Ogleby— 
*  Lofty  in  Good-natured  Man — Sir  Brilliant  Fashion. 

1768.1769.     Toby  in  Walking  Statue. 

1769-1770.  *Marcourt  in  Man  and  Wife— *Capt. 
Ironsides  in  Brothers. 

1770-1771.     At  Edinburgh. 

Hay.  1771.  *Sir  Christopher  Cripple  in  Maid  of 
Bath. 

C.  G.  1771-1772.  *Tardy  in  Hour  before  Mar- 
riage— Ranger. 

1772-1773.     No  new  character. 

1774-1775.     *  General   Gauntlet    in    Duellist - 
*Tropick  in  Man  of  Business — *Capt.  Absolute. 

1775-1776.  Jodelet  in  Man's  the  Master— *  Sir 
James  Clifford  in  Man  of  Reason — Lord  Foppington 
in  Man  of  Quality. 

1776-1777.     *Fitzfrolick  in  News  from  Parnassus. 

*  Originally. 


Wilkes,  in  speaking  of  great  performers  who  have 
acted  small  parts,  says — "  we  have  seen  Woodward, 
"  in  his  highest  favour  with  the  town,  play  a  Soldier 
"  in  the  Rehearsal,  bringing  a  message." 

Miss  Maria  Macklin  left  the  stage — she  had  been 
for  several  years  in  the  habit  of  going  into  breeches, 
and  by  buckling  her  garter  too  tightly,  had  brought 

p  p  2 


,580  c.  G.   1776-1777. 

on  a  large  swelling  in  her  knee,  which  from  motives 
of  delicacy  she  would  not  suffer  to  be  examined,  till 
it  ericreased  to  an  alarming  size — this  was  however 
cut  off,  and  she  underwent  the  operation  with  great 
firmness,  hut  she  never  after  regained  her  former 
strength — she  died  in  1781  aged  48. 

Miss  Macklin  was  highly  accomplished,  but  had 
little  of  the  force  of  native  genius  about  her — (Kirk- 
man  and  Cooke)  —  the  Dramatic  Censor  in  1770 
speaks  favourably  of  her  in  some  characters — allows 
that  she  once  had  extensive  and  spirited  abilities,  but 
adds  that  she  was  then  on  the  decline — it  appears 
from  the  bills  that  she  was  not  latterly  of  the  same 
use  in  the  theatre  as  she  had  been  formerly — it  should 
not  be  forgotten  that  her  private  character  was 
exemplary. 


Miss  Macklin }s  characters — selection  only. 

D.  L.  1742.1743.     Duke  of  York  in  Richard  3d. 
1744-1745.     Page  in  Orphan  —  Arthur  in  King 
John. 

1745-1746.     Tom  Thumb. 

C.  G.  1750-1751.     Athanais— her  1st  appearance 
as  a  woman. 

1751-1752.     Jane  Shore— Lady  Townly. 
1752-1753.     Calista — *Lucinda  in  Englishman  in 
Paris — Monimia. 

D.  L.  1753-1754.     Charlotte  in  Refusal  —  Miss 
Prue — Sylvia  in  R.  O. — *Ilyssus  in  Creusa. 

1754-1755.     Polly   Peachum — 1st  Constantia  in 


C.  G.    1776-1777. 


581 


Chances — *  Irene  in  Barbarossa — Almeria  in  M.  B. 
— Rosalind — Jacintha  in  S.  H. 

1755.1756.     Ophelia— Miss  Notable. 

1756-1757.  Miranda  in  Busy  Body — Angelica 
in  Gamester — Violante— Indiana — Elvira  in  Spanish 
Fryar — Anne  Lovely. 

1757-1758.  Helena  in  All's  well— 'Penelope  in 
Gamesters  altered. 

1759-1760.  *  Charlotte  in  Love  a-la-Mode  — 
*  Widow  Bellmour — Lady  Harriet  in  Funeral — Biddy 
Tipkin  in  T.  H. 

C.  G.  1760-176!.     Juliet—Portia  in  M.  of  V.- 
Lady  Betty  Modish. 

1762-1763.  Desdemona— Lady  Grace— Rutland 
— Hypolita. 

1763-1764. 
in  L.  for  L. 

1764-1765. 
Inconstant. 

1765-1766. 

1766-1767. 
1767-1768. 
1770-1771. 
1774-1775. 
1776-1777. 


Aura  in   Country  Lasses — Angelica 
Lady  Chariot  in  Funeral — Bisarre  in 

Camillo  in  Mistake. 
Violante  in  Double  Falsehood. 
*Clarissa  in  Lionel  and  Clarissa. 
Lady  Alton  in  English  Merchant. 
Lady  Anne  in  Richard  the  3d. 
Lady  Wronghead — Lady  Plyant. 


Originally. 


582  HAY.  1777. 


HAY.  1777. 

Foote  had  let  the  theatre,  &c.  to  Colman — it  could 
not  have  fallen  into  better  hands,  as  Colman  had 
given  several  proofs  that  he  had  more  good  sense 
and  a  better  taste  than  the  generality  of  managers— 
and  that  when  he  brought  forward  nonsense  at  the 
theatre,  it  was  not  from  choice,  but  from  the  neces- 
sity of  complying  with  the  depraved  taste  of  the 
town — Foote  was  engaged  as  an  actor,  but  after  per- 
forming some  few  times,  he  was  attacked  with  a 
paralytic  disorder  which  prevented  his  appearing 
again. 

The  theatre  opened  May  15  with  English  Mer- 
chant— at  the  bottom  of  the  bill  it  was  advertised 
"  after  this  evening  the  Entertainments  at  this  theatre 
"  will  be  discontinued  till  farther  notice,  on  account 
"  of  the  performers  engaged  at  D.  L." 

May  28.  Tailors,  (probably)  Francisco  =  Par- 
sons :  Campbello  =  Bannister  :  Abrahamides  =  Pal- 
mer :  Tittilinda  =  Mrs.  Gardner  :  Dorothea  =  Mrs. 
Jewell : — with,  not  acted  20  years,  Lilliput. 

30.  Nabob,  Sir  Matthew  Mite  =  Footer— Par- 
sons, Jackson,  Palmer,  and  Mrs.  Gardner  acted  some 
of  the  other  parts. 

June  6.  Devil  upon  two  Sticks.  Dr.  Last,  pro- 
bably Parsons. 

9.  She  Stoops  to  Conquer.  Hardcastle  =  Edwin  • 
Tony  Lumpkin  =  Jackson  :  Young  Mario w  =  Palmer: 
Mrs.  Hardcastle  =  Mrs.  Gardner :  Miss  Hardcastle  = 
Miss  Farren,  1st  appearance  in  London  : — she  soon 


HAY.  1777.  .383 

became  a  favourite  with  the  puhlic — in  1774  she  ha<l 
acted  Columbine  at  Wakefield  and  sung  between  the 
acts — (  Wilkinson) — she  was  still  so  young,  that  in 
the  season  she  came  to  D.  L.  Mrs.  Robinson  says, 
that  many  of  the  principal  parts  were  performed  by 
4  actresses  under  20— viz.  herself— Miss  Farren — 
Miss  Walpole— and  Miss  P.  Hopkins. 

11.  Merchant  of  Venice.  Shylock  -  Henderson, 
1st  appearance  in  London  :  Launcelot  =  Edwin  : 
Gratiano  =  Palmer  :  Portia^  Miss  Barsanti,  1st  ap- 
pearance at  Hay.  :  —with  Piety  in  Pattens.  Butler 
=  Edwin  :  Polly  Pattens  =  Mrs.  Jewell: — with  altera- 
tions. 

19.  Polly,  revived,  with  alterations.  Morano 
(Captain  of  the  Pirates)  =  Bannister :  Ducat  (a  West- 
Indian  plan ter)  =  Parson s  :  Vanderbluff,  Culverin, 
&c.  (Pirates)  =  Massey,  Davies,  &c. :  Pohetohee  (an 
Indian  King)  =  Fearon  :  Cawwawkee  (his  son)  =Du- 
Bellamy  :  Polly  Peachum  =  Gentlewoman,  her  1st 
appearance:  Jenny  Diver  —  Mrs.  Hitchcock  :  Diana 
Trapes  —  Mrs.  Davies  :  Mrs.  Ducat  =  Mrs.  Love: 
Damaris  =  Miss  Hale  : — this  sequel  to  the  Beggar's 
Opera  was  now  performed  for  the  1st  time — it  having 
been  originally  suppressed  by  the  Lord  Chamberlain 
-see  the  end  of  L.  I.  F.  1728-1729— on  this  revival, 
some  new  songs  were  introduced  instead  of  the  old 
ones,  and  some  things  in  the  dialogue  were  omitted, 
but  the  alterations  were  not  material  — Macheath 
had  been  transported — Peachum  had  been  hanged— 
Polly  arrives  in  the  West-Indies,  where  the  scone 
lies,  in  quest  of  Macheath — Diana  Trapes  is  become 
a  procuress—she  sells  Polly  to  Ducat — Mrs.  Ducat 
assists  Polly  in  making  her  escape,  and  lends  her  a 


584  HAY.  1777. 

suit  of  boy's  clothes —Polly  falls  into  the  hands  of  the 
pirates — Jenny  Diver,  who  lives  with  Morano  as  his 
wife,  makes  love  to  Polly — Cawwawkee  is  taken  pri- 
soner by  Morano's  party — Polly  puts  him  in  the  way 
of  regaining  his  liberty — the  Indians  defeat  the  pi- 
rates— Morano  is  condemned  to  death — Jenny  says 
that  Morano  is  Macheath — Polly  did  not  know  him 
as  he  was  disguised  as  a  black — she  intercedes  for 
him — Pohetohee  recalls  his  orders — but  Macheath 
had  been  already  executed — Polly  had  previously 
acknowledged  her  sex  to  Cawwawkee — she  is  now 
a  widow — Cawwawkee  offers  to  marry  her — she  re- 
quests him  to  give  her  some  time  for  her  sorrows— 
- "  A  sequel  to  a  play,"  as  Gay  has  properly  ob- 
served, "  is  like  more  last  words" — this  second  part 
is  miserably  inferiour  to  the  first,  but  it  is  much  bet- 
ter than  the  usual  run  of  Operas — it  is  remarkable 
that  the  Duchess  of  Queensberry,  the  patroness  of 
the  author,  was  still  living — tho*  she  was  extremely 
old,  yet  she  attended  the  performance. 

27.  Hamlet.  Hamlet  =  Henderson  :  Osrick  (pro- 
bably )=  Palmer. 

30.  Citizen.  Old  Phil  pot  =  Parsons  :  Young  Phil- 
pot  =  Palmer:  Maria  =  Miss  Farren,  1st  time: — > 
acted  3  or  4  times. 

July  15.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Henderson  :  Cop- 
per Captain  =  Palmer  :  Estifania  =  Miss  Barsanti. 

18.  Fairy  Tale,  in  2  acts.  Bottom  =  Parsons  : 
Quince  =  Edwin  :  Snug  =  Bannister:  Flute  =  BHs- 
set :  Oberon  =  Miss  Morris:  Titania  =  Miss  Peggy 
Farren  :  Puck  =  Master  Edwin  : — this  piece  is  taken 
from  the  Midsummer  Night's  Dream,  with  the  omis- 
sion of  the  Ass'  head  and  the  Burlesque  Tragedy 


HAY.    1777. 

some  songs  are  added  from  the  same  play,  as  acted 
at  D.  L.  Nov.  23  1768. 

24.  Henry  4th  part  1st.     Falstaff=  Henderson, 
1st  time  :    Hotspur  =  J.  Aikiri :    King  =  Younger  : 
Prince  of  Wales  =  Palmer  :    Francis  -  Edwin. 

25.  Minor.     Smirk  and  Mrs.  Cole  =  Foote :   Shift 
=  Bannister. 

30.  Maid  of  Bath.     Foote's  name  was  in  the  hill 
for  the  last  time. 

Aug.  9.  Mrs.  Gardner's  bt.  Advertisement,  or 
Bold  Stroke  for  a  Husband.  Parsons— Edwin- 
Jackson— R.  Palmer— Blisset— Mrs.  Gardner — she 
spoke  the  Prologue  and  wrote  the  play— it  is  not 
printed — Mrs.  Gardner  made  her  1st  appearance  at 
D.  L,  Oct.  1  1763 — she  was  chiefly  engaged  at  the 
Hay.,  and  was  excellent  in  several  of  Foote's  pieces. 

11.  Henderson  acted  Richard  3d. 

12.  Love  in  a  Village.     Justice  Woodcock  —  Ed- 
win :  Hawthorn  =  Bannister  :   Rose tta  =  Miss  Far- 
ren,  1st  time. 

14.  Never  acted  there,  Cato.  Cato  =  Digges,  (see 
Irish  Stage  1749-1750)  his  1st  appearance  in  Lon- 
don :  Juba=  Palmer:  Portius  =  J.  Aikin  :  Syphax  = 
Blisset:  Sempronius  =  Fearon  :  Marcus  =.  Davies  : 
Marcia  =  Mrs.  Massey  :  Lucia  =  Miss  Collis. 

18.  Cato,  with,  never  acted  there,  Bon  Ton.    Sir 
John  Trotley  =  Massey  :  Lord  Minikin  =  H.  Palmer  : 
Colonel  Tivy  =  Egan  :  Davy  =  Parsons  :  Miss  Tittup 
=  Miss  Farren,    1st  time:     Lady  Minikin  =  Mrs. 
Hitchcock  : — not  acted  again. 

19.  Palmer's  bt.     Chances.    Don  John  =  Hender- 
son, 1st  time:    2d  Constantia  =.  Miss  Barsanti:  — 
with  Bucks  have  at  you  all,  and  Lyar. 


586  HAY.   1777. 

20.    Love  in  a  Village.     Rosetta  =  Miss  Farren, 
2d  time. 

%%.    Never  acted,    April  Day.     Don  Buffalo    (a 
swaggering  coward)  =  Bannister  :    Count  Folatre  (in 
love  with  Cephisa)  =  Du-Bellamy:  Davo  (his  servant) 
—  Edwin  :    Cephisa  (in  love  with  the  Count)  =:  Miss 
Twist:    Matilda  (her  aunt)  =  Mrs.  Hitchcock  : — Ce- 
phisa supposes  that  by  her  father's  will  she  is  hound 
to  marry  Buffalo,  or  go  into  a  convent,  unless  Buf- 
falo will  give  his  consent  that  she  should  marry  some 
one  else— Davo  pretends  to  be  an  astrologer — Buf- 
falo consults  him — Buffalo  is  made  to  believe  that 
the  person  who  shall  first  marry  Cephisa  will  suffer 
many  evils  and  then  die — Buffalo  gives  his  consent 
that  the  Count  should  marry  Cephisa,  in  the  hope 
that  the  Count  would  die,  and  that  he  himself  should 
marry    Cephisa   when  a  widow — after    Buffalo  has 
given  his  consent,   the  other  characters  laugh  at  him 
—this  Burletta  in  3  acts  was  written  by  O'Hara — 
it  is  a  musical  trifle,  and  very  inferiour  to  his  other 
Burlettas. 

25.  Henderson's  bt.  Rehearsal.  Bayes  =  Hender- 
son, 1st  time:— other  characters  by  Parsons — Ed- 
win, &c. 

27.  Rehearsal. 

28.  Chances.     2d  Coristantia  =  Mrs.   Lisley,   late 
Miss  Barsanti. 

29.  Henry  8th.     King  =  Gentleman:    Wolsey  = 
Digges :  Buckingham  =  Palmer :  Gardiner  =  Parsons : 
Queen  —  Mrs.  INiassey  : — Digges  was  much  approved 
in  Wolsey,  but  did  not  draw  audiences  to  fill  the 
theatre— (Davies) — There  was  a  letter  to  Parsons 
in  the  London  Evening  Post  to  censure  him  for  the 


HVY.  1777.  587 

buffoonery  with  which  he  acted  Gardiner— the  wi 
observed  that  Gardiner  was  as  proud,  as  serious,  and 
as  politic,  as  Wolsey  himself ;  and  that  the  use  of  a 
crutch  was  absurd,  as  Gardiner  at  that  time  was  not 
50,  and  wanted  none — he  might  have  added  that 
Shakspeare  has  not  given  Gardiner  one  ludicrous  line 
— he  was  too  good  a  judge  of  propriety ;  he  knew 
that  Gardiner  was  a  bad  man,  but  not  a  ridiculous 
one — if  a  manager  were  asked  why  he  gave  this  part 
to  a  low  comedian  ;  his  answer  would  probably  be, 
that  it  had  been  long  customary  to  do  so  ;  as  if  that 
were  a  sufficient  reason— Da  vies  says,  the  chaste 
manner  of  Ben  Johnson  would  admit  of  no  Farce  ; 
he  preserved  the  decorum  of  the  character — Hip- 
pesley  added  some  strokes  of  humour  ;  but  Taswell 
degenerated  into  absolute  buffoonery  ;  at  the  close 
of  the  scene  when  he  followed  Cranmer,  he  held  his 
crutch  over  his  head,  which  was  truly  despicable— 

and  in  this  he  was  imitated  by  Parsons Gardiner 

was  supposed  to  be  the  natural  son  of  Richard 
\Voodvi!  the  brother  to  Edward  the  fourth's  Queen, 
so  that  he  was  related  to  Henry  the  8th — it  was  ob- 
jected to  him  and  Bonner,  in  one  of  the  books 
written  in  defence  of  the  married  Clergy ;  that  no 
wonder  they  were  such  enemies  to  marriage,  since 
both  of  them  were  born  in  adultery — Gardiner  took 
the  name  of  his  nominal  father— his  strength  lay  in 
deep  dissimulation,  a  quickness  of  apprehension,  a 
great  prospect  of  affairs,  a  close  and  artificial  way 
of  concealing  his  mind,  and  insinuating  himself  into 
the  affections  and  confidences  of  other  persons — in 
the  picture  of  him  painted  by  Holbein,  he  is  repre- 


588  HAY.    1777. 

sented  with  a  long  beard  and  with  the  Great  Seal  in 
his  hand  as  Chancellor.     (Burnet.) 

Aug.  30.  Never  acted,  Spanish  Barber.  Count 
Almaviva=  Palmer  :  Lazarillo  (the  Spanish  Barber) 
—  Edwin  :  Dr.  Bartholo  (guardian  to  Rosara)  =  Par- 
sons :  Basil  (a  singing  master)  =  Blisset :  Rosara  = 
JMiss  Fan-en  : — this  is  a  C.  in  3  acts  by  Colman — 
it  is  not  printed,  but  it  was  acted  with  good  and 
deserved  success. 

The  Barber  of  Seville,  or  the  Useless  Precaution, 
was  published  in  1776 — it  is  a  translation  of  Beau- 
marchais'  C.  in  4  acts — Dr.  Bartholo  wants  to  marry 
his  ward — Count  Almaviva  falls  in  love  with  her — 
he  engages  Figaro,  the  Barber  of  Seville,  to  assist 
him—  the  Count  is  disguised  as  a  young  student — 
Figaro  acquaints  Rosina  with  the  Count's  passion 
for  her — the  Count  comes  to  Dr.   Bartholo's  house 
dressed  as  a  soldier — he  pretends  to  be  drunk,  and 
that  he  is  quartered  on  Dr.  Bartholo— the  Doctor 
pleads  that  he  is  exempt  from  lodging  troops — the 
Count  next  comes  to  Dr.  Bartholo's  as  a  singing 
master — he  pretends  that  Bazile  is  confined  by  ill- 
ness, and  had  sent  him — Bazile  enters — the  Count 
slips  a  purse  into  his  hand — the  other  characters  per- 
suade him  to  go  to  bed  -  he  retires — at  the  conclusion 
the   Count   marries    Rosina — Colman    omitted  the 
scene  in  which  the  Count  pretends  to  be  drunk — it 
was  introduced  in  the  Barber  of  Seville  at  C.  G. 
Oct.  13  1818. 

Sep.  3.  For  bt.  of  Jewell,  Treasurer.  Merry 
Wives  of  Windsor.  Falstaffm  Henderson,  1st  time : 
Ford  =  Palmer  :  Sir  Hugh  Evans  =  Parsons  :  Dr. 


HAY.    1777.  589 

Caius  =  Jackson:  Shallow  =  Blisset :  Mrs.  Ford  = 
Mrs.  Lisley  :— the  house  was  very  full — two  audi- 
ences went  away. 

10.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Digges : 
Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Lisley :  Lady  Brute  =  Mrs. 
Hunter. 

The  theatre  closed  of  course  on  the  15th  for  the 
regular  season. 

16.  Miss   Farren's  bt.      Spanish  Barber  —  Miss 
Farren's   mother  was  in  the   Bath  company  for  a 
season  or  two — she  had  at  that  time  3  daughters— 
Kitty  died  young — Betsey,  when  at  Bath,  was  about 
12  years  old — she  played   such  little  parts  as  were 
suited  to   her   age  -  -  Peggy   was   afterwards   Mrs. 
Knight.     (Mrs.  Summers.^) 

17.  Mrs.  Jewell's  bt.     Beggar's  Opera,  and  Mayor 
of  Garratt.     Mrs.   Sneak  =  Mrs.  Burden,  her  1st 
appearance  in  London  for  8  years. 

19.  Mrs.  Lisley's  bt.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord 
Townly  =  Digges  :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Lisley: — 
with  Occasional  Prelude,  and  Mayor  of  Garratt. 
Jerry  Sneak  =  Parsons.  (Bills  from  Mr.  Field.) 

Henderson  acted  Shylock  7  times  —  Leon  3 — 
Richard  3— Bayes  2— Hamlet  9— Falstaff  in  Henry 
4th  7 — Don  John  3 — Falstaff  in  Merry  Wives  2. 

Sheep- Shearing  was  brought  out  in  the  course  of 
the  season  ;  it  is  said  to  have  been  acted  but  once— 
(B.  Z>.)— Autolicus  (Autolycus)  =  Edwin  :  Clown 
=  Jackson:  Florizel  =  Du-Bellamy :  Old  Shepherd 
=  Massey  :  Leontes  =  Fearon  :  Polixenes  =  Egan  : 
Camillo=:  Griffith  :  Servant  =  Bannister  :  Perdita  = 
Mrs.  Collis  :  Paulina  =  Mrs.  Poussin  :  (see  Aug.  20 
1783)  Dorcas  =  Miss  Hale  :  Mopsa  =  Mrs.  Hitch- 


590  HAY.  1777, 

cock: — this  Dramatic  Pastoral  does  the  compiler 
but  little  credit — it  is  said  to  be  taken  from  Shak- 
speare,  but  in  fact  it-is  taken  from  the  Winter's  Tale 
as  altered  by  Garrick  ;  the  character  of  Leontes 
(who  has  no  business  in  Bohemia)  and  some  other 
of  his  insipid  additions  are  retained. 

Act  1.  Scene  1.  The  Old  Shepherd  and  Clown 
enter — and  then  Leontes — this  is  Garrick's  2d  scene. 

Scene  2.  Autolycus  enters  singing  and  then  the 
Clown,  as  in  Shakspeare. 

Act  2  is  Shakspeare's  Sheep-Shearing  scene  con- 
siderably shortened — when  Polixenes  retires,  Leontes 
comes  forward  as  in  Garrick's  play — Florizel  consoles 
himself  and  Perdita  in  their  difficulties  by  singing 
a  song — he  had  sung  one  before. 

Act  3.  Autolycus  begins  this  act  with  his  soliloquy 
as  altered  by  Garrick— the  Old  Shepherd  and  Clown 
enter  with  the  fardel — the  rest  of  the  scene  is  nearly 
as  in  Shakspeare. 

Scene  2 — Paulina's  house — a  concise  account  is 
given  of  the  discovery  of  Perdita's  birth,  &c. 

Scene  3 — the  Court — Autolycus,  the  Old  Shepherd 
and  Clown  enter — nearly  as  in  Shakspeare. 

The  last  scene  at  Paulina's  house  is  very  short — 
6  lines  are  from  Shakspeare — the  piece  concludes 
with  a  song  from  Morgan's  Florizel  and  Perdita. 

In  the  D.  P.  of  this  piece  as  printed,  Paulina  is 
omitted  and  Mrs.  Poussin  is  said,  by  a  strange  mis- 
take, to  have  acted  Trapes. 

After  this  season  Mrs.  Lisley  acted  no  more  in 
England. 

Crow  Street  Dublin  May  21  1778.  For  the  benefit 
of  the  late  Miss  Barsanti.  Suspicious  Husband. 


HAY.    1777.  591 

Ranger=  Ryder  :  Frankly  =  Clinch  :  Clarinda  (with 
a  Farewell  Epilogue)  =  Miss  Barsanti : — (B.  M.) — 
her  husband's  family  would  not  allow  her  to  call  her- 
self Mrs.  Lisley  in  the  hills — she  became  a  widow, 
married  Daly  the  manager,  and  was  the  great  sup- 
port  of  his  theatre— she  was  a  very  good  actress. 


Miss  Barsanti's  characters — selection  onh/. 

C.  G.  1772-1773.  *Young  Actress  in  Occasional 
Prelude — Estifania — Mrs.  Oakly — Sophy  in  Musical 
Lady. 

1773-1774.     Charlotte    Rusport  —  Mrs.    Frail  - 
Lady  Brumpton — Maria  in  Citizen. 

1774-1775.     *Lydia  Languish. 

1775-1776.  Widow  Bellmour— Belinda  in  All  in 
the  Wrong. 

Hay.  1777.  Portia  in  M.  of  V. — 2d  Constantia— 
as    Mrs.  Lisley — Mrs.  Ford — Lady  Fanciful — Lady 
Townly. 

*  Originally. 


O'Keeffe  (vol.  2.  p.  43)  calls  Miss  Barsanti,  not 
Mrs.  Lisley,  but  Mrs.  Lister— he  considered  her  as 
capital  in  all  Mrs.  Abington's  parts— he  saw  her  play 
Arionelli  in  the  Son  in  Law— but,  it  being  her  fixed 
determination  never  to  appear  in  man's  clothes,  she 
dressed  the  character  in  the  Eastern  style,  as  Arbaces 
in  Artaxerxes.- 


HAY.   1777. 

Henderson  wished  to  have  come  out  in  London 
some  years  before— when  Garrick  heard  him  re- 
hearse, he  told  him,  that  his  voice  had  neither 
strength  nor  modulation  enough  for  London — he 
advised  him  to  try  a  country  theatre,  and  gave  him  a 
recommendation  to  the  manager  at  Bath — Henderson 
accordingly  made  his  1st  appearance  there  in  Hamlet 
Oct.  6  1772 — at  the  close  of  the  Bath  season  he  re- 
turned to  London  ;  and  amused  himself  and  his 
friends  by  imitations  of  the  different  performers,  par- 
ticularly Garrick — Garrick,  hearing  that  Henderson's 
voice  was  such  an.  echo  of  the  actors,  invited  him  to 
breakfast,  and  requested  him  to  give  him  a  specimen 
of  his  art — Henderson  took  off  Barry,  Woodward 
and  Love  to  Garrick's  great  diversion  ;  and  happy 
would  it  have  been,  if  he  had  stopped  there  ;  but  he 
was  in  evil  hour  persuaded  to  give  an  imitation  of 
Garrick  himself  in  Benedick,  at  which  Garrick,  tho' 
he  had  solicited  him  to  do  it,  was  much  displeased — 
Garrick  was  rightly  served ;  but  still  one  cannot 
wonder  that  he  was  offended ;  as  Henderson's  imi- 
tation was  founded  upon  tones,  which,  melodious  as 
they  once  had  been,  began  to  contract  the  huskiness 
so  commonly  attendant  upon  old  age. 

Henderson  the  next  season  acted  Archer  and  some 
other  parts  for  which  he  was  certainly  very  unfit— 
and  indeed  previously  to  his  return  to  Bath  he  had 
requested  Palmer  by  letter  not  to  bring  him  forward 
in  too  many  parts,  observing  that  it  must  be  for  the 
Manager's  interest  as  well  as  his  own  credit,  to  have 
him  studied  in  the  parts  he  was  to  appear  in — he 
added  "  to  learn  words  indeed  is  no  great  labour, 
"  and  to  pour  them  out  no  very  difficult  matter— it 


HAT,   r. 

"  is  done  on  our  stage  alnm-i  <  very  night,  but  with 
"  what  success  I  leave  you  to  judge — t/te  gener* 
"  of  performers  think  it  <  nun,  fit  t<>  //  ,//•//  ////»  word*, 
"  and  thence  all  that  vile  uniformity,  whirh  disgraces 
"  the  theatre — Garrick  assures  me,  that  he  was  up- 
"  wards  of  two  months  rehearsing  Benedick  before 
"  he  could  satisfy  himself  that  he  had  m.xlrllrd  his 
"  action  and  recital  to  his  own  idea  of  tin  part." 

At  the  close  of  the  2d  Bath  season  he  returned  to 
London  -  he  rehearsed  to  Garrick — Foote— Harris 
and   Leake,  but  his  fate  was  to  find  all  of  them 
"  damn  with  faint  praise" — (Ireland) — Henderson 
accompanied  by  two  friends  waited  on  Foote,  and  was 
received  with  great  civility — Foote's  imagination  was 
so  lively,  his  conceptions  were  so  rapid  as  well  as 
exuberant,  that  by  a  torrent  of  wit,   humour,  plea- 
santry and  satire  he  kept  the  company  for  a  consider- 
able time  in  convulsions  of  laughter— however  Hen- 
derson's friends  thought  it  at  last  time  to  stop  the 
current  of  Foote's  vivacities  by  informing  him  of  the 
reason  of  their  visit,  and  Henderson  was  permitted 
to  begin  a  speech  in  Hamlet ;  but  before  he  could 
finish  itj  Foote  continually  interrupted  him  by  some 
unlucky  joke  or  droll  thought—  Foote  then  read  an 
act  of  his  new  Comedy,  took  off  Lady  Betty  Bigamy, 
recited  the  whole  trial  of  himself  and  George  Faulk- 
ner, ridiculed  the  Irish  Lord  Chief  Justice,  for  con- 
demning   his  Peter  Paragraph  for  a  libel,  spoke  a 
Prologue  as  Peter,  laughed  at  most  of  the  celebra 
Orators  of  the  bar,  mimicked  the  Members  of  both 
houses  of  Parliament  and  told  some  ludicrous  stories; 
after  all  which  Henderson  was,  without  interrupt 
allowed  to  speak  Garrick's  Prologue  on  Iii>  return 

VOL.  V.  V»    Q 


,594-  HAY.  1777. 

from  the  Continent ;  this  being  no  caricature,  but  a 
fair  representation  of  Garrick's  manner,  did  not  make 
any  impression  on  Foote,  however  he  paid  the 
speaker  a  compliment  on  the  goodness  of  his  ear- 
dinner  was  now  announced,  and  when  Henderson 
took  his  leave,  Foote  whispered  one  of  the  company 
that  he  would  not  do. 

When  he  had  seen  Henderson  act  in  1777>  he  not 
only  congratulated  him  on  his  great  success,  but 
spoke  of  him  very  handsomely. 

At  Bath  however  Henderson  encreased  his  dramatic 
reputation,  and  no  longer  objected  to  the  variety  of 
parts  in  which  he  was  obliged  to  appear — to  his 
friends,  who  wished  to  have  him  in  London,  he  said 
"  the  continual  practice  I  am  in  here  is  of  great  ad- 
"  vantage  to  me — I  once  thought  it  a  hardship  to  be 
"  forced  upon  so  many  characters  ;  I  think  so  now 
"  no  longer,  being  convinced  that  almost  every  part 
"  I  play,  however  unsuited  to  me,  does  me  good — in 
"  London  it  would  do  me  harm,  for  this  reason ; 
"  there  are  computed  to  be  30  different  audiences 
"  in  London,  here  there  are  but  two ;  and  those  of 
"  them  who  see  me  to  a  disadvantage  one  night,  see 
"  me  to  an  advantage  the  next — if  I  thought  I  should 
"  never  be  a  better  actor  than  I  am,  I  would  not 
"  hesitate  to  be  in  London,  but  I  will  endeavour  to 
"  make  myself  respectable  and  important  before  I 
"  come." 

Cumberland,  during  his  residence  at  Bath,  had 
been  much  pleased  with  Henderson  in  Shylock  ;  and, 
after  he  had  seen  him  in  different  characters,  was 
confirmed  in  his  opinion  of  his  merit — by  Hender- 
son's desire  he  warmly  recommended  him'to  Garrick, 


BAT.    1777. 

and  was  empowered  by  Garrick  to  engage  him  on 
terms  which  appeared  extremely  reasonable  ;  before 
however  that  the  business  was  conrlinlrd,  dan-irk 
listened  to  other  opinions  as  to  Henderson's  abilities, 
and  missed  the  credit  of  engaging  the  best  actor  of 
the  time,  himself  excepted— the  negociation  in  all  its 
parts  and  passages  was  not  creditable  to  («tni<k, 
and  left  impressions  on  the  mind  of  Henderson,  thiit 
time  did  not  speedily  wear  out. 

Henderson  stayed  at  Bath  till  1777— the  part 
fixed  on  by  Colman  for  Henderson's  first  appearance 
was  Shylock,  notwithstanding  the  objections  of  hi  in- 
self  and  friends;  arid  the  event  fully  justified  the 
propriety  of  the  Manager's  choice — he  observed  that 
Henderson's  manner  being  different  from  Macklin's 
would  excite  inquiry  and  examination,  that  he  wished 
to  make  people  talk,  argue  and  dispute  ;  and  that  if 
he  could  do  that,  Henderson's  reputation  would  be 
established — when  Macklin  had  seen  him  in  Shy- 
lock,  he  praised  him  with  great  liberality  for  his 
spirited  performance  ;  and  on  Henderson's  observ- 
ing that  he  never  had  had  the  advantage  of  seeing 
him  in  that  character,  he  replied  "  Sir  it  is  not  ne- 
"  cessary  to  tell  me  that,  I  knew  you  had  not,  or 
"  you  would  have  played  it  very  differently,'*  (Cum- 
berland— Davies  and  Ireland.*) 

Garrick  could  not  avoid  hearing  the  praise  bestowed 
on  Henderson's  performances,  but  it  was  not  the 
most  agreeable  topic  of  conversation  to  him  ;  and 
when  through  curiosity  he  had  seen  him  in  Shylock, 
he  said  nothing  in  his  dispraise,  but  he  discovered 
great  merit  in  Tubal,  which  of  course  had  been  the 
cast  of  some  inferiour  performer. 

Q   Q2 


5Q6  HAY.   1777. 

It  is  computed  that  no  less  a  sum  than  £4500  was 
taken  during  the  36  nights  of  Henderson's  perform- 
ance — Colman's  behaviour  to  him  was  polite  and 
generous — he  gave  him  a  free  benefit,  and  upon  a 
day  that  made  it  very  advantageous  to  him — Hender- 
son in  return  took  off  the  manager's  peculiarities  to 
his  face,  at  his  own  table,  and  in  the  presence  of 
a  large  company — so  gross  an  affront  of  course  pro- 
duced a  coolness  on  the  part  of  Colman — Hender- 
son had  been  requested  to  play  Bayes  with  imita- 
tions of  different  actors,  which  to  the  credit  of  his 
prudence  he  refused  ! !  !  (Dames  and  Ireland.) 


Falstaff  (unimited,  unimitable  Falstaff,  as  Dr. 
Johnson  calls  him)  is  allowed  by  the  best  judges  to 
be  a  master-piece  —  and  we  may  say  of  him  as 
Horace  says  of  Augustus — 

"  Nil  oriturum  alias,  nil  or  turn  tale" 

He  was  a  favourite  originally  ;  and  he  continued 
so  even  in  the  time  of  Charles  the  2d,  when  Shaks- 
peare  was  out  of  fashion — at  the  Restoration  Cart- 
wright  acted  Falstaff — to  him  succeeded  Lacy  (tho' 
Cartwright  was  on  the  stage)  who  acted  the  part 
admirably— after  the  death  of  Lacy  and  the  union  of 
the  two  companies  in  1682,  Betterton  acted  Hotspur, 
and  in  all  probability  frequently,  as  Cibber  mentions 
this  as  one  of  his  principal  parts — but  neither  he 
nor  Downes,  tells  us  who  was  the  Falstaff — Leigh 


ii  \Y.    1777. 

seems  to  have  been  more  calculated  for  th«  part 
than  any  other  actor  of  that  time— in  1700  Better- 
ton,  in  his  advanced  age,  gave  up  Hotspur  for  Fal- 
staff ;  and  was  as  eminent  for  Falstaff  as  he  had 
been  in  the  vigour  of  his  age  for  Othello.  (Gibber 
in  part.) 

Ben  Johnson  the  actor  happened  to  go  to  Dublin, 
where  he  saw  one  Baker  a  Master  Paver,  whom  he 
used  highly  to  commend  for  his  acting  of  Falstalf, 
the  Spanish  Fryar  and  Sir  Epicure  Mammon — on 
his  return  to  England  he  showed  Betterton  the  man- 
ner of  Baker's  playing  Falstaff,  which  that  great 
actor  not  only  approved  of,  but  imitated,  and  allowed 
to  be  better  than  his  own — for  Betterton,  with  the 
greatest  stock  of  merit,  possessed  an  equal  stock  of 
modesty ;  he  was  ever  open  to  good  advice  and 
refused  it  from  no  man  who  offered  it.  \Davies.) 

It  was  Baker's  custom  to  be  studying  in  the  streets 
while  he  was  overlooking  his  men  at  their  work — 
one  day  two  of  his  men  who  were  newly  come  to 
him,  and  were  strangers  to  his  habits,  observing  his 
countenance,  motion,  gesture,  and  his  talking  to 
himself,  imagined  their  master  was  mad — Baker 
seeing  them  neglect  their  work  to  stare  at  him,  bid 
them  in  a  hasty  manner  mind  their  business — the 
fellows  went  to  work  again,  but  still  with  an  eye  to 
their  master — the  part  Baker  was  rehearsing  was 
Falstaff,  and  when  he  came  to  the  scene  where  Sir 
Walter  Blunt  was  supposed  to  be  lying  dead  on  the 
stage  ;  he  gave  a  look  at  one  ef  his  new  pavers,  and 
with  his  eyes  fixed  upon  him,  muttered  loud  enough 
to  be  heard — "  \Vho  have  we  here? — Sir  Walter 
"  Blunt — there's  honour  for  you" — the  fellow  who 


598  HAY.  1777. 

was  stooping  rose  on  the  instant,  and  with  the  help 
of  his  companion,  bound  poor  Baker  hands  and  feet; 
and  assisted  by  other  people  no  wiser  than  themselves, 
they  carried  him  home  in  that  condition  with  a  great 
mob  at  their  heels.  (Chetwood.) 

Betterton  acted  Falstaff  in  all  the  plays — Anthony 
Aston  says — "  Betterton  in  Falstaff  wanted  the 
"  waggery  of  Estcourt,  the  drollery  of  Harper,  and 
"  the  salaciousness  of  Jack  Evans ;  but  then  Estcourt 
"  was  too  trifling,  Harper  had  too  much  of  the  Bar- 
"  tholemew  Fair,  and  Evans  misplaced  his  humour." 

Estcourt  acted  Fal staff  in  Henry  4th  pt.  1st  at 
D.  L.  Nov.  25  1704 — Gibber  says  that  he  was  flat. 

Powell  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  pt.  1st  for  his 
benefit  at  D.  L.  April  7  1712. 

Davies  says  that  Booth  by  Queen  Anne's  command 
acted  Falstaff  for  one  night  only — Davies  is  proba- 
bly correct — but  the  bill  has  been  unfortunately  over- 
looked. 

William  Bullock  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  pt. 
1st  for  his  benefit  at  D.  L.  May  18  1713— he  was 
afterwards  in  possession  of  the  part  at  L.  I.  F. 

Evans  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st  at 
D.  L.  Feb.  12  1715. 

Hall  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st  for  his 
benefit  at  L.  L  F.  April  4  1715. 

Mills  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  pt.  1st  at  D.  L. 
March  3  1716  —and  in  the  2d  part  Dec.  17  1720- 
Davies  says  that  he  failed  in  the  character. 

Quin  acted  Falstaff  in  Merry  Wives  at  L.  I.  F. 
Oct.  22  1720— Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  pt.  1st  Oct.  28 
1721— and  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  bt.  2d  for  his  bt.  at 
D.  L.  March  11  1736. 


HAY.    1777.  599 

Harper  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st  for 
his  benefit  at  D.  L.  May  11  1723— and  FaUtaff  in 
Henry  4th  part  2d  May  19  1731— Harper  was  the 
Falstaff  of  D.  L.  when  Booth  in  Hotspur,  Wilks,  in 
the  Prince,  and  Gibber  in  Glendower,  never  failed  to 
bring  crowded  houses,  so  that  Harper  was  more  seen 
in  Falstaff  than  Quin,  tho'  less  admired — a  leading 
critic  however  gave  Harper  the  preference,  as  tho' 
he  wanted  the  marking  eye  and  some  judicious 
strokes  of  Quin,  yet  he  had  what  Quin  wanted,  that 
jollity  and  natural  pleasantry  which  Shakspeare  has 
given  to  the  character—  (Victor)—  Dr.  Johnson  ob- 
serves, "  Falstaff  recommends  himself  by  the  most 
"  pleasing  of  all  qualities,  perpetual  gaiety,  by  an 
"  unfailing  power  of  exciting  laughter" — the  actor 
therefore  who  cannot  assume  this  disposition,  ought 
not  to  attempt  the  part — yet  it  is  no  very  uncommon 
thing  to  see  a  saturnine  Falstaff. 

Hulett  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st  at 
G.  F.  Oct.  2  1732— and  Falstaff  in  Merry  Wives  on 
Oct.  11 — Falstaff  was  one  of  his  best  parts. 

Delane  acted  Falstaff  in  Merry  Wives  at  C.  G. 
March  18  1736, 

Bridgewater  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st 
at  C.  G.  April  17  1735. 

Stephens  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st  for 
his  bt,  at  C.  G.  April  14  1787— and  Falstaff  in  the 
Merry  Wives  March  27  17*0. 

Shepherd  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st  for 
his  bt.  at  D.  L.  April  27  1742. 

Berry  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st  at  D.L. 
Feb.  10  1743 — he  was  as  heavy  and  unmeaning  as 


600  HAY.  1777. 

a     bare    repetition    of   the    words    would    admit. 
(Dramatic  Censor.) 

Woodward  acted   Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  2d 
for  his  bt.  at  D.  L.  March  13  1758— Wilkes  says- 
"  he  gave  Falstaff  much  too  old  an  appearance,  yet 
"  a  levity  of  deportment  irreconcilable  to  fat  Jack." 

Yates  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st  at 
D.  L.  April  30  1762. 

Dunstall  acted  Falstaff  in  Merry  Wives  at  C.  G. 
for  his  bt.  May  7  1754 — and  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th 
part  1st  on  May  3  1755. 

Shuter  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st  at 
C.G.  April  10  1755— and  Falstaff  in  Merry  Wives 
April  22  1758— and  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  2d 
Dec.  11  1761 — what  he  wanted  in  judgment,  he 
supplied  by  archness  ;  he  enjoyed  the  effects  of  his 
roguery  with  a  chuckle  of  his  own  compounding, 
and  rolled  his  full  eye  when  detected  with  a  most 
laughable  effect.  (Davies.*) 

Love  acted  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st  at  G.  F. 
March  26  1745 — on  being  engaged  at  D,  L.  in  1762 
he  made  his  appearance  in  that  character  on  Sept. 
25— On  Nov.  3  he  acted  Falstaff  in  the  2d  part— 
and  on  Jan.  4  1764  Falstaff  in  Merry  Wives — 
Churchill  says  of  him  - 

"  Old  Falstaff  played  by  Love  shall  please  once 

"  more, 
"  And  humour  set  the  audience  in  a  roar." 

The  Dramatic  Censor  allows  that  his  figure,  fea- 
tures, eyes  and  manner,  were  agreeable  to  criticism, 
but  Avishes  him  a  little  more  animation,  a  little  of 
that  luxuriance  of  which  Shuter  had  too  much. 


HAY.    1777. 

Quin  seems  to  have  been  the  best  Falstaff  that 
ever  was— Henderson  perhaps  the  2d  best— of  th«  ii 
comparative  merit  Wilkinson  and  Davies  speak  very 
differently  —  the  Dramatic  Censor  observes  that 
Quin's  comely  countenance,  his  expressive  eye,  hi- 
happy  swell  of  voice  and  natural  importance  of  de- 
portment, all  united  to  make  up  a  most  characteristic 
piece  of  acting ;  and  that  when  detected  in  the  lie, 
there  was  such  a  glow  of  feature  and  expression  as 
will  never  be  equalled— Davies  allows  that  Quin 
possessed  all  the  ostensible  part  of  Falstaff  in  an 
eminent  degree ;  whereas  Henderson  had  many  dif- 
ficulties to  encounter  before  he  could  bring  Falstaff 
within  his  grasp  ;  neither  in  person,  voice  or  coun- 
tenance did  he  seem  qualified  for  the  part — but  by 
the  assistance  of  a  most  excellent  judgment  he  con- 
trived to  supply  all  deficiencies — Quin  greatly  excel- 
led in  the  scenes  where  satire  and  sarcasm  were  pre- 
dominant, such  as  the  triumph  over  Bardolph's  car- 
buncles and  the  fooleries  of  the  Hostess — but  his 
supercilious  brow  sometimes  unmasked  the  surliness 
of  his  disposition— on  the  contrary  in  the  frolicksoinc, 
gay  and  humorous  situations  of  Falstaff,  Hender- 
son was  superiour  to  any  man — the  master  action  of 
Quin  was  the  detection  of  his  cowardice — Henderson 
in  this  showed  great  art  arid  true  humour,  but  his 
soliloquy  in  describing  his  ragged  regiment  and  his 
enjoying  the  misuse  of  the  press  money,  were  so 
truly  excellent,  that  they  were  not  inferiour  to  any 
comic  representation  on  the  stage — Wilkinson  says, 
that  tho'  Henderson  had  great  merit,  yet  his  Falstaff 
was  much  inferiour  to  Quin's,  as  all  he  did  was  the 
effect  of  study  and  art— Quin  had  every  requi.Mte 


602  HAY.     1777. 

from  nature  ;  but  Henderson  had  neither  the  person, 
the  voice,  nor  the  eye  in  particular  for  that  part, 
in  each  of  these  material  points  he  was  deficient 
— Now  Quiri  with  a  bottle  of  claret  and  a  full  house, 
the  instant  he  was  on  the  stage,  was  Sir  John  Fal- 
staff  himself. 


Samuel  Foote  died  Oct.  the  21st — Davies  con- 
siders him  as  a  despicable  player  in  almost  all  parts 
but  those  which  he  wrote  for  himself— Wilkes  in  1759, 
calls  Foote  an  excellent  comedian,  and  expatiates  on 
his  performance  of  Sir  Paul  Ply  ant — Foote's  excel- 
lence in  his  own  pieces  is  universally  allowed — in 
them  he  acted  with  the  same  inimitable  spirit  with 
which  he  wrote — as  his  ideas  and  characters  were 
truly  original,  so  was  his  representation  of  the  parts 
which  he  played— his  pointed  rapidity,  his  peculiar 
significance,  and  his  laughable  transitions,  supported 
with  unabated  fire  and  uncommon  whim,  set  him 
above  all  efforts  of  imitation  ;  and  it  may  be  said  of 
him,  not  only  as  an  author,  but  as  an  actor,  that  he 
snatched  graces  beyond  the  reach  of  art.  (Dramatic 
Censor  1770.) 

Foote's  characters. 

Hay.  1744.  Feb.  6.  Othello — Lord  Foppington 
in  Relapse — probably  Pierre. 


HAV.  1777. 

Dublin  1744.1745.  Hitchcock  does  not  mention 
his  characters. 

D.  L.  1745.1746.     Sir  Harry  Wildair—  Lord  Fop- 
pington  in  Relapse— Tinsel  in  Drummer — Sir  No- 
velty  Fashion  —  Bayes  —  Dick  in    Confederacy- 
Younger  Loveless  in   Scornful    Lady— Sir  Courtly 
Nice. 

Hay.  1747.  In  April  Foote  brought  out  his  Diver- 
sions of  the  Morning. 

1747-1748.  In  Nov.  Foote  gave  Tea  at  Hay.— in 
March  he  gave  Chocolate  in  Ireland — in  April  lie 
brought  out  his  Auction  of  Pictures  at  Hay. 

Hay.  1748-1749.  Foote  began  with  his  Auction 
and  brought  out  the  Knights  in  the  Spring — he  acted 
*Hartop. 

D.  L.  1753-1754.  Buck  in  Englishman  in  Paris 
— Fondlewife — Ben  in  Love  for  Love — Capt.  Bra/m. 

C.  G.  1754-1755.    He  acted  some  few  nights,  but 
no  new  character. 

1755.1756.  *Buck  in  Englishman  returned  from 
Paris — Sir  Paul  Plyant— Lady  Pentweazel  in  Taste. 

D.  L.    1756.1757.      "Cadwallader   in  Author- 
Gomez. 

1757-1758.  At  D.  L.  in  Oct— at  Dublin  in  Dec. 
—at  D.  L.  in  Jan. — no  new  character. 

D.  L.  1758-1759.  Pi  i //!<'  in  Diversions  of  the 
Morning — Shy  lock — he  is  said  to  have  failed  in  this 
part. 

Crow-Street  Dublin  in  Jan.  1760.  •Shift  in  Minor 
— Don  Lewis  in  Love  makes  a  Man —Fustian  in 
Tragedy  a-la-.Modo. 

Hay.  Summer  of  1760.  •Smirk,  Shift  and  Mr*. 
Cole  in  Minor — Woodward  was  originally  Mrs,  Cole, 
in  Ireland. 


604  HAY.  1777. 

D.  L.  1760-1761.    *  Scotchman  in  Register  Office. 

D.  L.  Summer  of  1761.  Foote  and  Murphy  ma- 
nagers —  *  Young  Philpot  in  Citizen — ^Distress  in 
Wishes. 

C.  G.  1761-1762.     *  Young  Wilding  in  Lyar. 

Hay.  1762.     *  Lecturer  in  Orators. 

1763.  *Major  Sturgeon  and  *  Matthew  Mug  in 
Mayor  of  Garratt — *  Counsellor  Demur  in  Foote's 
Trial. 

1764.  *Sir  Thomas  Lofty  and  *Sir  Peter  Pepper- 
pot  in  Patron. 

1765.  *Zachary  Fungus  in  Commissary. 

1767.  *Foote  in  Occasional  Prelude — *  Francisco 
in  Taylors. 

1768.  *Devil  in  Devil  upon  two  Sticks. 

1769.  *  Ail  wood  in  Dr.  Last  in  his  Chariot. 

1770.  *Sir  Luke  Limp  in  Lame  Lover. 

1771.  *Flint  in  Maid  of  Bath. 

1772.  *Sir  Matthew  Mite  in  Nabob. 

1773.  *Sir  Robert  Riscounter  in  Bankrupt. 

1774.  *Aircastle  in  Cozeners. 
1776.     *0'Donnavan  in  Capuchin. 

*   Originally. 


Wilkinson,  who  cannot  be  suspected  of  partiality 
to  Foote,  says,  that  if  ever  one  person  possessed  the 
talent  of  pleasing  more  than  another,  it  was  he — Gar- 
rick  was  very  inferiour  to  him  in  wit  and  repartee — 
Foote  was  not  confined  to  any  particular  topic,  he 
was  equal  to  all — religion,  law,  politics,  the  manners 
of  this  or  any  age,  and  the  stage  of  course — as  a  wit 


HAY.     1    | 

he  was  of  the  first  rank ;  but  not  satisfied  in  com- 
pany, unless  every  eye  was  directed  to  him  ;  he 
could  not  hear  any  one  to  slip  in  a  good  story,  or 
give  any  entertaining  information — a  well-known 
Gentleman  of  the  name  of  Chace  Price  was  tin- 
only  person  of  true  wit  that  Foote  would  allow  to 
be  so,  or  with  whom  he  would  laugh  and  listen  to 
with  pleasure  ;  but  Foote  actually  praised  Chace 
Price  behind  his  back. 

One  part  of  his  conduct  was  highly  censurable— 
his  propensity  to  turn  every  body  into  ridicule — it 
was  policy  not  to  quit  the  room  where  he  was,  as 
the  moment  a  person's  back  was  turned,  he  was  cer- 
tain to  be  served  up  "  raw  or  roasted"  without  mercy, 
although  that  person  might  an  hour  before  have  con- 
ferred a  serious  obligation  on  him — when  Murphy,  in 
Know  your  own  Mind,  said  "  could  not  you  stay  till 
"my  back  was  fairly  turned?"  Wilkinson  thinks 
that  he  wrote  this  line  with  a  view  to  Foote. 

Foote's  own  peculiarities  were  full  as  extravagant 
as  those  of  any  person,  whose  gait,  gesture,  or  his- 
tory, he  might  choose  to  divert  himself  with. 

In  his  Imitations  he  had  been  particularly  severe— 
but  when  imitated  himself,  he  was  as  sore  as  any 
body  ;  of  which  Wilkinson  gives  a  striking  instance, 
that  happened  one  night  at  Dublin. 

Garrick  was  afraid  of  Foote  and  did  every  thing  in 
his  power  to  conciliate  him — Foote  behaved  very  ill 
to  Garrick — in  contradiction  to  all  the  world  he 
questioned  his  abilities  as  an  actor,  and  said  every 
thing  against  him,  that  he  well  could  as  a  man  — 
Garrick  happened  one  day  to  pay  him  a  visit  and  was 
surprised  to  see  a  bust  of  himself  placed  on  Fo 


606  HAY.  1777. 

bureau — "  Is  this  intended  as  a  compliment  to  me  ?" 
said  Garrick — "  certainly" — "  and  can  you  trust  me 
"  so  near  your  cash  and  your  bank  notes  ?" — "  Yes, 
"  very  well,"  said  Foote,  "for  you  see  you  have  no 
"  hands" — Two  ban  mots  on  Garrick's  love  of  money 
and  love  of  acting,  Foote  took  care  to  repeat,  as  often 
as  they  came  into  his  mind — that  he  loved  money  so 
well,  that  whenever  he  should  retire  from  the  stage, 
he  was  sure  to  commence  Banker's  Clerk  for  the  plea- 
sure of  counting  over  the  cash — and  that  as  for  his 
love  of  acting,  he  was  so  fond  of  it,  that  rather  than 
not  play,  he  would  act  in  the  hottest  kitchen  in  the 
dog  days  for  a  sop  in  the  pan — Foote  had  a  supreme 
contempt  for  Garrick's  Poetry,  and  expressed  a  fear 
of  dying  before  him,  lest  Garrick  should  write  his 
Epitaph.  (  Wilkinson  and  Davies.} 

They  were  remarkable  at  Dublin,  when  pleased, 
for  continuing  to  applaud  till  the  curtain  fell,  often 
not  suffering  the  play  to  finish — this  was  a  compli- 
ment frequently  paid  to  Sheridan  ;  which  occasioned 
Foote  to  say  "  my  dear  Sheridan  I  wish  you  would 
"  relieve  yourself  of  a  great  deal  of  labour  and 
"  trouble" — "in  what  manner?"  says  Sheridan — 
"  why,"  says  Foote,  "  instead  of  acting  Richard  the 
"  3d,  act  Henry  the  6th  in  the  same  Tragedy" — 
"  Heavens,  Mr.  Foote,  why  should  I  relinquish 
"  Richard,  where  you  are  witness  I  get  such  univer- 
< «  sal  applause  ?  give  me  your  reason" — "  O,"  says 
Foote,  "  the  best  reason  in  the  world ;  for  if  you  will 
"  perform  Henry  instead  of  Richard,  the  play  will 
"  finish  in  the  first  act,  and  the  players  may  go  home 
"  in  good  time  to  supper."  (  Wilkinson  and  Davies.} 

A  number  of  friends  dined  with   Garrick  on  a 


HAY.   1777. 


Christinas  day— Foote  was  then  in  Ireland— it 
said  at  table,  that  Footr  had  heen  I mrse- whipped  by 
a  Dublin  apothecary,  for  mimirkini:  him  <m  the  stage 
— "  I  wonder,"  said  Garrick,  "  that  any  man  should 
"  show  so  much  resentment  to  Footo  ;  he  has  a 
"  patent  for  such  liberties  ;  nobody  ever  thought  it 
"  worth  his  while  to  quarrel  with  him  in  London  " — 
"  I  am  glad,"  said  Dr.  Johnson,  "  to  find  that  the 
"  man  is  rising  in  tfie  world  "  -  the  expression  was 
afterwards  reported  to  Foote ;  who,  in  return,  gave 
out,  that  he  would  produce  the  Caliban  of  literati •//•/• 
on  the  stage — Johnson,  being  informed  of  this  design, 
sent  word  to  Foote,  "  that  the  theatre  being  intended 
"  for  the  reformation  of  vice,  he  would  step  from 
"  the  boxes  on  the  stage,  and  correct  him  before  the 
"  audience  "  —  Foote  knew  the  intrepidity  of  his 
antagonist,  and  abandoned  the  design — no  ill-will 
ensued — Johnson  used  to  say  "  that  for  broad-faced 
"  mirth,  Foote  had  not  his  equal."  (Murphy.) 

As  a  Dramatic  Writer  Foote  stands  very  high — 
his  Comedies  have  little  or  no  plot,  which  is  a  great 
deficiency  ;  but  his  dialogue  is  superiour  to  that  of 
most  other  authors  ;  it  abounds  with  wit,  humour, 
and  satire  ;  and  is  peculiarly  terse  and  well  adapted 
to  the  stage  ;  seldom  is  there  a  superfluous  word,  or 

one  that  could  be  changed  for  the  better he  boldly 

attacked  vice  in  the  higher  orders  of  life,  and  hU 
plays  contain  a  history  of  the  follies,  customs  and 
corruptions  of  the  age  in  which  he  lived — h*  cared 
not  whether  the  object  of  his  Satire  was  in  high  or 
low  life,  provided  the  peculiarities  were  prominent 
enough,  and  the  person  well  known  -by  his  death 
the  public  lost  a  great  check  on  fashionable  vice  and 


608  HAY.    1777. 

folly — it  is  but  justice  to  Foote  to  say,  that  tho'  he 
sometimes  turned  an  inoffensive  person  into  ridicule 
(for  instance  Mr.  Apreece)  yet  he  seldom  or  never 
made  a  severe  attack  on  any  character  that  either 
met  with  public  respect,  or  deserved  to  do  so— if  Sir 
Matthew  Mite,  Lady  Kitty  Crocodile,  Dr.  Squintum 
and  Dr.  Simony  were  not  fair  objects  of  Comic  Sa- 
tire, in  the  name  of  fortune  who  ever  was  ? 

As  Foote  has  ridiculed  Physic  and  Law  in  the 
Devil  upon  Two  Sticks  and  the  Lame  Lover,  so  he 
would  probably  have  dedicated  one  play  to  the  service 
of  the  Church,  but  that  he  was  well  aware  that  such 
a  play  would  not  be  suffered  to  be  acted — it  is  how- 
ever to  be  wished  that  he  had  done  it  ;  provided  he 
had  done  it  judiciously  and  not  treated  the  Clergy 
worse  than  he  has  done  the  Physicians  and  the 
Lawyers,  for  no  respectable  person  in  either  of  these 
two  professions  need  take  offence  at  the  Devil  upon 
Two  Sticks  or  the  Lame  Lover. 

In  the  Magnetick  Lady,  Ironside  the  Soldier  says— . 

"  For  I  do  never  feel  myself  perturb'd 
"  With  any  general  words  'gainst  my  profession, 
"  Unless  by  some  smart  stroke  upon  myself 
"  They  do  awake  and  stir  me." 


ARISTOPHANES.  (J09 


ARISTOPHANES. 

Foote  has  been  often  called  the  modern  Aristo- 
phanes, but  not  with  strict  propriety  ;  for  tho'  he 
was  entitled  to  that  appellation  from  his  wit ;  and 
tho',  like  Aristophanes,  he  did  not  care  what  he  said, 
or  whom  he  attacked  to  raise  a  laugh,  yet  there  was 
this  material  difference  between  them — Foote  brought 
on  the  stage  real  persons  under  fictitious  names — 
Aristophanes  real  persons  with  their  real  names— 
Cleon  was  indeed  an  exception  to  this,  but  Nicias, 
Demosthenes  and  others  were  served  up  without 
ceremony — Euripides  is  one  of  the  Dram.  Pers.  in 
3  of  the  11  plays  which  remain. 

Some  of  the  plays  of  Aristophanes  have  been 
translated  into  English — but  there  has  been  no  com- 
plete translation  of  them — it  seems  more  difficult  to 
make  a  good  translation  of  Aristophanes  than  of  any 
other  author— some  of  his  jokes  depend  on  a  parti- 
cular word,  and  cannot  be  translated — others  are  so 
indecent  that  no  person  would  venture  to  translate 
them — yet  if  they  be  omitted,  the  translated  play 
must  give  the  English  reader  a  very  imperfect  notion 
of  the  original — Brunck  observes — "  if  in  Ari<to- 
"  phanes  many  things  occur  which  are  repugnant  to 
"  our  manners,  they  ought  not  to  be  considered  as 
"  faults — he  wrote  for  his  own  countrymen,  and  not 
"  for  us — we  know  that  the  divine  Plato  was  pleased 
"  with  Aristophanes — and  it  can  be  no  ili>{» irage- 

VOL.  V.  R   R 


610  ARISTOPHANES. 

"  ment  to  any  one  in  modern  times,  to  be  pleased 
"  with  what  pleased  Plato/' 

Shakspeare  was  not  the  only  Poet  on  whom  Vol- 
taire made  an  impotent  attack  ;  of  Aristophanes  he 
said — "  this  Comic  Poet,  who  is  neither  Comic,  nor 
"  a  Poet,  would  not  have  been  permitted  among  us 
"  to  have  brought  out  his  Farces  at  the  Fair  of  St. 
"  Lawrence  " — at  which  Brunck  is  justly  indignant 
— he  says — "  if  Aristophanes  be  not  a  Comic  Poet, 
"  let  him  tell  us  who  ever  was " — the  best  of  the 
joke  is,  that  Voltaire  could  not  read  Aristophanes  in 
Greek, 

Aristophanes  wrote  34  Comedies,  (Ainswortfi)  of 
which  only  11  remain  entire. 

1.  Plutus  —  Chremylus,   who  is  an  honest  man, 
consults  the  Oracle  of  Apollo — the   Oracle  directs 
him  to  persuade  the  first  person  whom  he  shall  meet, 
to  go  with  him  to  his  house — the  person  proves  to 
be  Plutus,  the  God  of  Riches,  who  is  blind — after 
Plutus  has  entered  the  house  of  Chremylus,  Poverty 
comes  out  of  it— she  strongly  represents  the  advan- 
tages which  mankind  receives  from  her — she  is  how- 
ever forced   to  depart —Plutus  is   conveyed  to  the 
temple  of  Esculapius,  where  he  recovers  his  eyesight 
— he  distributes  his  gifts  to  the  good,  and  takes  them 
away  from  the  bad — Carion,  the  servant  of  Chremy- 
lus, and  a  Just  M  an  strip  a  Sycophant,  and  put  on 
him  a  ragged  cloak,  which  the  Just  Man  had  worn 
for  13  years — an  old  woman  complains  bitterly  that 
a  young  man,  whom  she  had  kept,  had  deserted  her 
— the  young  man  laughs  at  her — Mercury  and  the 
Priest  of  Jupiter  enter  almost  starved,  as  since  Plutus 


ARISTOPHANES. 

had  recovered  his  sight,  no  one  had  sacrificed  to  the 

Gods this  is  a  very  good  Comedy — it  was  trans- 

lated  by  Fielding  and  Young  in  1742 — their  transla- 
tion is  a  pretty  good  one. 

2.  Clouds — Strepsiades,  owing  to  the  extravagance 
of  his  son,  Phidippides,  is  in  <l«;l>t  -In*  wishes  by  tin- 
assistance  of  Phidippides  to  defraud  his  creditors- 
for  this  purpose  he  wants  him  to  go  to  Socrates,  and 
to  learn  from  him  how  to  "  make  the  worse  appear 
"  the  better  reason" — Phidippides  refuses  to  do  so— 
Strepsiades  applies  to  Socrates  himself— Socrates 
tells  him  to  lie  down  on  a  couch  and  meditate — after 
a  little  time  Socrates  says  to  him — "  what  have  you 
"got?"  Strepsiades  answers  —  "nothing,  except" 
*  *  * — the  remainder  of  the  line  must  not  be  trans- 
lated— the  answer  of  the  old  man  is  truly  ludicrous, 
as  being  to  the  last  degree  foreign  from  what  Socrates 
either  meant,  or  expected — Strepsiades  is  too  old  and 
stupid  to  make  any  progress — he  then  prevails  on 
his  son  to  put  himself  under  the  tuition  of  Socrates — 
the  son  does  learn — and  having  learnt,  he  beats  his 
father,  and  justifies  himself  for  so  doing— tli 
sets  the  school  of  Socrates  on  fire — the  Chorus  con- 
sists of  the  Clouds,  who  appear  in  a  female  shape — 
hence  the  name  of  the  play. 

Cumberland  translated  the  Clouds — he  had  made 
himself  perfectly  master  of  the  meaning  of  the  text, 
and  has  translated  the  serious  parts  well — in  th.» 
comic  parts  he  has  failed — we  look  in  vain  for  the 
fun  of  Aristophanes — he  has  omitted  several  things, 
and  paraphrased  others — at  line  734  he  has  passed 
over  in  silence,  one  of  the  best  jokes  in  the  play— at 
line  1273  he  justly  observes  that  the  joke  could  not 

R  R   2 


612  ARISTOPHANES, 

be  put  into  English — in  the  course  of  the  play  a  Just 
and  an  Unjust  Man  enter  into  a  dispute — the  Unjust 
Man  by  his  sophistry  reduces  the  Just  Man  to  silence 
-the  conclusion  of  this  scene  in  the  Greek  is  irre- 
sistibly comic — the  reader  of  Cumberland's  transla- 
tion would  probably  not  move  a  muscle — he  makes 
the  Just  Man  say — "  Numerous  birds  of  the  same 
"filthy  figure" — this  is  so  far  from  being  a  transla- 
tion, that  it  is  an  absolute  perversion  of  the  Greek 
text — nothing  can  be  more  just  than  the  stigma  which 
Cumberland  stamps  on  a  certain  vice — and  nothing 
more  contrary  to  the  intention  of  Aristophanes — he 
is  in  jest  — Cumberland  is  in  earnest Cumber- 
land has  translated  the  play  into  blank  verse — it 
would  perhaps  have  been  better  to  have  translated  it 
into  prose — Cumberland  was  very  far  from  possessing 
Massinger's  happy  faculty,  of  saying  ludicrous  things 
in  blank  verse. 

The  Clouds  is  the  best  of  the  plays  of  Aristopha- 
nes— but  it  has  occasioned  a  strong  prejudice  against 
him,  and  one  that  still  subsists — it  has  been  suppo- 
sed that  Anytus  and  Melitus,  intending  to  accuse 
Socrates  of  impiety,  bribed  Aristophanes  to  bring 
him  on  the  stage  ;  and  that  the  hatred  of  the  people, 
and  the  anger  of  the  judges  was  so  excited  by  the 
Clouds,  that  Socrates  was  soon  after  condemned — 
this  is  chiefly  founded  on  a  silly  story  related  by 
Julian— in  fact  Socrates  was  not  put  to  death  till  23 
years  after  that  play  was  written — the  Sophists  and 
Comic  Poets  were  at  open  wai — Aristophanes,  being 
determined  to  say  all  the  ridiculous  things  he  could 
of  them,  made  Socrates  his  principal  character,  as 
being  the  most  celebrated  Philosopher  of  his  time — 


ARISTOPHANES. 

but  the  lowest  spectator  in  the  theatre  knew  that 
many  things  are  said,  in  the  Clouds,  of  Socrates, 
which  were  not  really  applicable  to  him—  the  Satin*, 
which  contributed  not  a  little  to  diminish  the  power 
of  Cleon,  did  Socrates  no  harm—  (Brunck)—  nor  is 
there  any  reason  to  suppose,  that  either  Socrates  or 
his  friends,  were  seriously  offended  at  it-  they  knru- 
that  the  sole  object  of  Aristophanes  was  to  raise  a 
laugh,  and  that  he  did  not  care  at  whose  expense  it 
was.* 

If  Aristophanes  had  really  injured  Socrates,  we 
may  be  sure  Plato  would  not  have  introduced  him 
in  the  Symposium  as  conversing  with  Socrates  ;  nor 
would  he  have  complimented  him  so  highly  as  he 
does  in  this  Epigram  — 


At  Xagires  repevog  n  Xa/3etv9  OTreg  0'J%i 
evpov 


3.  v  Frogs  —  Bacchus,  being  desirous  to  have  a  good 
poet,  sets  off  for  the  infernal  regions,  that  he  might 
bring  back  Euripides  —  Bacchus  is  dressed  as  Hercu- 
les —  but  when  any  thing  happens  to  frighten  him,  he 
persuades  his  servant,  Xanthias,  to  change  cloth«  •< 


*  The  Duke  of  Buckingham  in  the  King's  private  apartments, 
took  the  bellows  and  carried  them  with  a  ridiculous  gravity  in 
imitation  of  Lord  Chancellor  Clarendon  with  the  Great  Seal ; 
while  Col.  Titus  marched  before  him  with  the  fire-shovel  like  th«> 
Usher  who  carried  the  Mace — this,  no  doubt,  occasioned  a  laugh ; 
but  when  Lord  Clarendon  had  conducted  a  debate  in  the  House 
of  Lords,  he  might  set  the  bellows  and  tire-shovel  at  defiance. 
(Dr.  Hey.) 


614  ARISTOPHANES. 

with  him — Bacchus  is  ferried  over  the  Stygian  lake 
by  Charon  — Xanthias  is  made  to  run  round— a 
Chorus  of  Frogs  makes  a  great  noise— hence  the 
name  of  the  play — ^Eschylus  and  Euripides  have  a 
long  contention  for  superiority — this  is  a  very  good 
scene— Pluto  allows  Bacchus  to  make  his  choice  of 
-ZEschylus  or  Euripides — Bacchus  at  last  determines 
to  carry  back  ^Eschylus  with  him. 

4.  Horsemen— this  Comedy  was  written  to  expose 
Cleon — Cleon  was  a  tanner,  who  at  that  time  had 
great  influence  with  the  Athenian  people — the  per- 
sons who  made  masks  for  the  theatre,  were  afraid  to 
make  one,  so  as  to  represent  Cleon — and  Aristopha- 
nes, contrary  to  his  usual  practice,  brought  him  on 
the  stage  under  the  fictitious  name  of  Paphlagon — 
Nicias  and  Demosthenes  are  introduced  as  slaves — 
they  consult  about  running  away — they  describe  the 
manners  of  Paphlagon — while  Paphlagon  is  asleep, 
Nicias  takes  from  him  an  Oracle — Agoracritus  enters 
— he  is  a  sausage-maker — Nicias  and  Demosthenes 
encourage  him  to  undertake  the  management  of  the 
public  affairs — partly  because  he  is  an  impudent, 
worthless  fellow — and  partly  because  the  Oracle  had 
foretold  that  a  sausage-maker  should  destroy  the  tan- 
ner— the  bulk  of  the  play  consists  of  the  contention 
between  Paphlagon  and  Agoracritus — this  conten- 
tion is  carried  on  with  much  low  humour — the  Horse- 
men, who  form  the  Chorus,  side  with  Agoracritus — 
the  Athenian  people  are  represented  as  an  Old 
Man,  and  under  the  name  of  Demos — at  the  con- 
clusion, Demos  commits  the  management  of  himself 
to  Agoracritus. 

For  the  fate  of  Cleon,  see  the   beginning  of  the 


ARU»TOPHANE». 

5th  book  of  Thueydides — Cleon  persuaded  the  Athe- 
nians to  send  some  troops  into  Thrace  under  his 
own  command— he  was  at  first  successful— but  was, 
after  a  short  time,  defeated  by  Brasidas,  and  killed. 

5.    Inhabitants  of  Achani«i>     the  Senate  being  as- 
sembled,    Amphitheus   proposes   that    they   should 
make  peace  with  the  Lacedaemonians— he  is  turned 
out  of  the  Senate  house — Dicaeopolis  (that  is  an  ho- 
nest man)  desires  Amphitheus  to  procure  a  separate 
peace  for  himself  and  his  family — Amphitheus  does 
so — the  inhabitants  of  Acharnae,  who  form  the  Cho- 
rus, threaten  Dicaeopolis  with  death— he  with  diffi- 
culty prevails  on  them  to  let  him  plead  his  cause- 
he  wishes  to  put  himself  into  a  miserable  dress— 
for  this  purpose  he  asks  Euripides  (who  often  intro- 
duces his  heroes  in  distress)  to  lend  him  the  rags  of 
Telephus — this  is  a  good  scene — Dicaeopolis  pleads 
his  cause — the  Chorus  are  divided  in  their  senti- 
ments—  an  inhabitant  of  Megara  offers  to  sell  Dicae- 
opolis two  young  pigs — the  pigs  are  his  two  daugh- 
ters dressed  like  pigs — the   humour  of  this  scene 
consists  in  equivocation — not   of  the  most  decent 
kind — a  Boeotian   offers  Dicaeopolis   other  commo- 
dities— a  Sycophant  accuses  Dicaeopolis  for  trading 
with  the  enemies  of  his  country — Dicaeopolis  gives 
the  Sycophant  to  the  Boeotian  in  return  for  what  he 
had  bought  of  him — Dicaeopolis  makes  a  feast— La- 
machus,  who  was  a  soldier  of  fortune,    and  always 
an  enemy  to   peace,    enters   wounded — Dicaeopolis 
laughs  at  him — it  appears  from  this  last  scene  that 
the  Athenian  soldiers  wore  feathers  in  their  helmets. 
6.  Wasps — in  this  Comedy  Aristophanes  exposes 
the  litigious  disposition   of  the  Athenians — it  has 


616  ARISTOPHANES. 

been  partly  brought  on  the  French  stage  by  Racine 
— Racine's  play  was  translated  in  1715  as  the  Liti- 
gants— Philocleon  is  so  fond  of  law  that  his  brain  is 
almost  turned  with  it—  Bdelycleon,  his  son,  endea- 
vours to  confine  him  to  his  house — Philocleon  endea- 
vours to  make  his  escape — the  Chorus  consists  of 
old  men,  who  are  as  fond  of  law  as  Philocleon— 
they  are  dressed  like  Wasps  to  shew  the  irritability 
of  their  disposition — Philocleon  expatiates  on  the 
advantages  that  accrue  to  the  judges — Bdelycleon 
endeavours  to  refute  him — at  last  they  agree  that 
Philocleon  should  try  causes  at  home— a  dog  is  tried 
for  eating  a  cheese — a  servant  accuses  the  dog— 
Bdelycleon  defends  him — the  latter  produces  the 
dog's  puppies  to  excite  compassion — Bdelycleon  by  a 
trick  causes  his  father  to  acquit  the  dog — Philocleon 
is  so  disappointed  that  he  nearly  faints — this  is  a  very 
good  scene—  at  the  conclusion,  Bdelycleon  persuades 
his  father  to  change  his  mode  of  life. 

7.  Birds — when  this  play  was  acted,  the  affairs  of 
the  Athenians  were  in  a  bad  state — Aristophanes  in 
this  play  is  supposed  to  intimate  the  necessity  of 
making  a  total  change  in  the  management  of  the 
public  affairs — Euelpides  and  Pisthetserus,  two  Athe- 
nian citizens,  determine  to  go  to  Tereus,  who  had 
been  turned  into  a  lapwing,  and  consult  with  him 
as  to  what  city  it  is  best  to  live  in— Tereus  enters 
dressed  as  a  lapwing — he  calls  the  other  birds  toge- 
ther—the birds  at  first  threaten  Euelpides  and  Pis- 
thetserus  with  death — the  lapwing  appeases  them — 
Pisthetserus  persuades  the  birds  to  build  a  city  in  the 
air — to  call  on  Jupiter  to  resign  the  government  to 
them — and  to  proclaim  a  sacred  war  against  him,  if 


ARISTOPHANES.  6lJ 

he  should  refuse — he  tells  them  likewise  to  send  word 
to  mankind,  that  the  birds  are  become  kings,  and 
that  they  must  sacrifice  to  them  first,  and  then  to 
the  gods— the  birds  build  a  city  as  they  are  advised 
—Prometheus  counsels  Pisthetaerus  not  to  let  tin- 
birds  make  peace  with  Jupiter,  unless  he  will  resign 
the  sovereignty  to  them— Prometheus  holds  an  um- 
brella over  his  head,  that  Jupiter  may  not  see  him — 
Neptune,  Triballus  arid  Hercules  come  as  ambassa- 
dours  from  the  gods— the  gods  are  forced  to  submit. 

8.  Peace — the  object  of  Aristophanes  in  this  Co- 
medy was  to  induce  the  Athenians  and  the  other 
Grecians,  who  were  tired  out  with  the  length  of  the 
Peloponnesian  war,  to  make  peace — Brasidas  and 
Cleon,  who  had  been  the  great  promoters  of  the  war, 
were  at  that  time  dead — a  countryman  called  Try- 
gseus  is  very  desirous  of  peace — he  flies  up  to  heaven 
on  the  back  of  a  large  beetle — Mercury  tells  him, 
that  the   Gods,  being  angry  with  the  Grecians  for 
continuing  so  long  at  war,  had  departed  from  heaven 
— and  that  they  had  placed  War  in  their  room — he 
shows   Trygaeus  a  pit,    into  which  War  bad  thrust 
Peace,    and  covered  her  with  stones — Trygseus  and 
the  Chorus  with  difficulty  pull  Peace  out  of  the  pit 
— Trygseus  carries  Peace  home  with  him — they  sa- 
crifice to  her. 

9.  The  Female  Orators— the  Women  assemble 
very  early  in  the  morning  to  consult  about  a  change 
of  public  affairs — Praxagora  is  at  the  head  of  t 

— she  rehearses  the  reasons  which  she  means  to 
allege  for  committing  the  government  of  the  city  to 
the  women — the  women  steal  the  clothes  of  thoir 
husbands,  and  dress  themselves  with  false  beards — 


618  ARISTOPHANES. 

Blepyrus,  the  husband  of  Praxagora,  enters  in  his 
wife's  clothes — Chremes  relates  to  him  what  had 
happened  at  the  Assembly  in  the  Pnyx — namely, 
that  a  decree  had  been  made  to  put  the  care  of  the 
public  affairs  into  the  hands  of  the  women— the 
women  pass  two  important  votes — the  1st  is,  that  all 
things  should  be  in  common — the  2d  is,  that  no  man 
should  kiss  a  young  woman  till  he  had  first  kissed 
those  that  are  older — a  young  man  is  very  indignant 
at  this  vote,  but  the  old  women  force  him  to  comply 
with  it. 

10.  The  Feast  of  Ceres —the  women  are  so  angry 
with  Euripides  for  the  abuse  which  he  had  bestowed 
on  them  in  his  tragedies,  that  they  are  determined 
to  accuse  him,  and  have  him  tried  for  his  life — Euri- 
pides is  aware  of  their  determination — in  his  distress 
he  applies  to  Agathon  the  poet — Mnesilochus,  the 
father  in  law  of  Euripides,  accompanies  him — as 
Agathon  is  of  an  effeminate  appearance,  Euripides 
wants  him  to  dress  himself  as  a  woman,  and  to  plead 
his  cause — Agathon  refuses  to  do  so — Mnesilochus 
undertakes  to  defend  Euripides  —  Agathon  lends 
Mnesilochus  a  female  dress — the  women  assemble  to 
celebrate  the  Feast  of  Ceres—  they  accuse  Euripides 
— Mnesilochus  defends  him  stoutly — he  contends 
that  Euripides  had  not  said,  by  a  vast  deal,  as  much 
against  women,  as  he  might  have  done — the  women 
discover  Mnesilochus — he  snatches  (as  he  supposes) 
a  child  from  one  of  them — he  threatens  to  kill  the 
child,  if  the  women  will  not  let  him  go — the  child 
proves  to  be  a  skin  full  of  wine — the  women  take 
Mnesilochus  into  custody — one  of  them  goes  for  a 
magistrate  —  Mnesilochus  and  Euripides  have  re- 


ARISTOPHANES.  6l9 

course  to  various  stratagems — Mnesilochus  first  as- 
sumes the  character  of  Helena,  in  Euripides'  tragedy 
of  that  name — Euripides  enters  as  Menelaus— he  en- 
deavours to  carry  off  Mnesilochus,  In  it  is  prevented 
— a  magistrate  commits  Mnesilochus  to  the  care  of 
an  archer — Mnesilochus  assumes  the  character  of 
Andromeda — Euripides  enters  as  Perseus — this  at- 
tempt is  as  unsuccessful  as  the  former  one — Km  i- 
pides,  in  his  proper  character,  promises  the  women 
never  more  to  say  any  thing  against  them,  if  they 
will  let  him  carry  off  Mnesilochus — the  women  accept 
his  offer — Euripides  in  the  disguise  of  an  old  woman, 
brings  in  a  courtezan — while  the  archer  is  making 
love  to  the  courtezan,  Euripides  sets  Mnesilochus  at 
liberty — this  C.  is  peculiarly  pleasant — a  good  deal 
is  introduced  from  the  plays  of  Euripides. 

11.  Lysistrata — Lysistrata  assembles  the  Athenian, 
Boaotian,  and  Peloponnesian  women  to  consult  with 
them  about  putting  an  end  to  the  war — she  tells 
them  that  in  order  to  effect  this  purpose  they  must 
make  one  sacrifice — they  express  their  readiness  to 
do  so,  but  when  Lysistrata  explains  herself,  their  re- 
solution  fails  them — at  last  they  take  an  oath  not 
to  cohabit  with  their  husbands  till  peace  is  made  — 
the  women  take  possession  of  the  citadel  in  which 
the  money  for  the  supply  of  the  war  is  kept—the 
men  are  not  able  to  get  the  better  of  them — a  good 
scene  ensues  between  Cinesias  and  his  wife  Myrrh ina 
—she  tantalizes  him  completely — the  Lacedaemonian 
Embassadors  come  to  treat  about  peace — Lysistrata 
is  called  and  peace  is  concluded — the  stage  proper- 
ties, which  the  Athenians  and  Lacedaemonians  make 
use  of  in  the  latter  part  of  the  play,  must  not  be 
described. 


620  ARISTOPHANES. 

Horace  says — 

Eupolis,  atque  Cratinus,  Aristophanesque  poetce, 
Atque  alii,  quorum  comcedia  prisca  virorum  est, 
Si  quis  erat  dignus  describi,  quod  malus,  aut 

fur, 

Quod  mcechus  foret,  aut  sicarius,  aut  alioqui 
Famosus,  multd  cum  libertate  notabant. 

In  thetimeofEupolis,  Cratinus,  and  Aristophanes 
there  was  a  pure  Democracy  at  Athens— freedom  of 
speech  was  allowed  to  all — the  Comic  Poets  were 
not  afraid  to  ridicule  the  generals,  the  judges,  or 
the  private  citizens  who  were  conspicuous  for  their 
vices — the  people  heard  the  Poets  with  pleasure — 
and  the  Poets  had  but  little  mercy  on  those  whom 
they  brought  on  the  stage — when  the  Democracy 
was  turned  into  an  Oligarchy,  the  Poets  were  fright- 
ened— hence  arose  what  is  called  the  middle  Comedy 
— and  afterwards  the  new  Comedy — in  which  last 
Menander  was  the  most  eminent. 

In  the  old  Comedy  the  masks,  in  which  the  actors 
performed,  were  made  as  like  as  possible  to  the  per- 
sons who  were  to  be  brought  on  the  stage — so  that  be- 
fore the  actor  spoke,  it  was  manifest  from  the  mask 
whom  he  meant  to  represent — but  in  the  time  of 
Menander  and  the  new  Comedy,  the  masks  were 
made  with  strange  eyebrows,  with  distorted  mouths, 
and  in  a  form  hardly  human — this  was  done  for  fear 
even  of  an  accidental  resemblance  to  the  persons  in 
power. 

There  was  another  peculiarity  in  the  old  Comedy 
— the  persons  who  constituted  the  Chorus  sometimes 
came  forward,  and  addressed  the  audience — in  these 


BATH  1776.1777.  <>2\ 

addresses  the  Poets  eitln  r  made  an  apology  for  them- 
selves, or  spoke  about  public  all'airs— these  occasional 
addresses  did  not  survive  the  Democracy.  (Plato- 
nius.) 

The  works  of  Eupolis  and  Cratinus  have  perished, 
so  that  the  nature  of  the  old  Comedy  can  only  be 
known  from  Aristophanes — Brunck  published  his 
edition  of  Aristophanes  in  1783— he  calls  Aristo- 
phanes the  most  ingenious  writer  of  all  antiquity, 
and  the  most  perfect  pattern  of  the  Attic  dialect — he 
observes  that  no  one  can  rightly  understand  the  jokes, 
the  drollery,  and  the  wit  of  Aristophanes  without 
reading  him  in  Greek — Brunck  himself  has  made  the 
difficulty  of  reading  Aristophanes  in  Greek  vastly 
less  than  it  was. 

Brunck  observes  in  his  preface — "  I  think  that  no 
"  one,  who  has  made  the  trial,  can  be  ignorant  how 
"  easily  it  may  happen  that  a  person  in  transcribing 
"  may  distinctly  see  what  is  before  his  eyes,  and 
"  yet,  through  a  momentary  absence  of  mind,  write 
"  something  else." 


BATH  1776-1777. 

Oct.  3.  Macbeth.  Macbeth  =  Henderson  :  Mac- 
duff  =Dimond:  1st  Witch  =  Ed  win  :  Lady  Macbeth 
rzMiss  Mansell. 

5.  Distressed  Mother.  Orestes  =  Dimond  :  Pyr- 
rhus  =  Henderson  :  Hermione  =  Miss  Mansell. 


622  BATH  1776-1777. 

8.  Much  ado.  Benedick  —  Henderson  :  Dogberry 
=  Edwin :  Claudio  =  Dirnond :  Beatrice  —  Mrs. 
Didier. 

19.  Amphitryon.  Jupiter  =  Henderson  :  Sosia  = 
Edwin:  Gripus^Blisset:  Alcmena  =  Miss  Man- 
sell  :  Phaedra  =  Mrs.  Didier. 

24.  Runaway.  George  Hargrave  =  Henderson  : 
Justice^  Ed  win. 

31.  Hamlet.  Hamlets  Henderson:  Polonius 
and  1st  Gravedigger  =  Edwin  : — with  Two  Misers. 
Hunks  =  Edwin :  Gripe  =  Blisset. 

Nov.  2.  Careless  Husband.  Sir  Charles  Easy  = 
Henderson. 

12.  Plain  Dealer.  Manly  =  Henderson  :  Jerry 
Blackacre  =  Edwin. 

14.  King  John.  King  —  Henderson  :  Faulcon- 
bridge  =  Dimond  :  Hubert  =  Blisset :  Constance  = 
Miss  Mansell. 

26.  Grecian  Daughter.  Evander  =  Henderson  : 
Philotas  —  Dimond  :  Euphrasia  =  Miss  Mansell: — 
with  Lethe.  Lord  Chalkstone  =  Henderson:  Old 
M  an  =  Ed  win. 

Dec.  7»  Man's  the  Master.  Don  John  =  Hender- 
son: Sancho  =  Edwin. 

14.  Merry  Wives.  Falstaff  =  Henderson  :  Ford 
=  Dimond  :  Sir  Hugh  Evans  =  Edwin. 

17.  Rehearsal.     Bayes  =  Henderson. 

21.  Foundling.  Young  Belmont  =  Henderson: 
Sir  Roger  Belmont  =  Edwin. 

Jan.  16.  Semiramis.  Arzaces  =  Dimond:  As- 
sures =  Henderson  :  Semiramis  =  Miss  Mansell. 

21.  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not.  Don  Manuel 
=  Edwin  :  Octavio  =  Henderson. 


BATH    I77(»-1777.  623 

23.    Stratagem.     Archer  =  Henderson:  Scrub  = 
Edwin. 

Feb.  1.  Mrs.  Didier's  bt.  Love  for  Love.  Va- 
lentine =  Henderson  :  Foresight  =  Ed \vin  :  Ben  = 
Didier :  Sir  Sampson  Legend  =  Blisset :  Scandal  = 
Dirnond  :  Angelica  =  Mrs.  Didier  : — with  Citizen. 
Old  Philpot  =  Edwin  :  Young  Philpot  =  Didier  : 
Maria  — Mrs.  Didier. 

4.  Henderson's  bt  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Hen- 
derson :  Perez  =  Didier  :  Estifania  =  Mrs.  Didier  : — 
with  Deuce  is  in  him.  Col.  Tamper  =  Henderson. 

11.  Edwin's  bt.  Love  makes  a  Man,  and  Por- 
trait. Edwin  acted  Don  Choleric  and  Pantaloon. 

15.  Author.  Cadwallader  =  Edwin  : — with  ori- 
ginal Prologue  by  Henderson. 

18.  Dimond's  bt.  Merope.  Dorilas  =  Dimond  : 
Merope  =  Miss  Mansell. 

March  4.  Sir  Thomas  Overbury.  Overbury  = 
Dimond  :  Somerset  =  Henderson  :  Countess  of  So- 
merset =  Miss  Mansell. 

6.  Henry  4th.  Falstaff  =.  Henderson  :  Hotspur  = 
Dimond:  1st  Carrier  =  Edwin. 

8.  Wonder.     Don  Felix  =  Dimond. 

13.  Suspicious  Husband.  Ranger  =  Henderson  : 
Frankly  =  Dimond  :  Tester  =  Edwin. 

20.  Trip  to  Scarborough.  Loveless  =  Henderson  : 
Young  Fashion  =  Dimond :  Lory  =  Edwin. 

31.  Romeo  and  Juliet.     Apothecary  =  Ed  win. 

April  2.  Selima  and  Azor.     Ali  =  Edwin. 

3.  Jane  Shore.     Hastings  =  Henderson. 

17.  Henry  5th  =  Henderson  :  Fluellin  =  Edwin  : 
Chorus  =  Dimond. 

24.  Braganza.     Braganza  =  Dimond  :  Velasquez 
=  Henderson  :  Duchess  =  Miss  Mansell. 


624  BATH  1776-1777. 

May  1.  Countess  of  Salisbury.  Al win  =  Hender- 
son :  Raymond  =  Dirnond :  Countess  —  Miss  Mansell. 

3.  All  the  World's  a  Stage.     Diggery  =  Edwin. 

13.  Ephesian  Matron.     Father  =  Edwin. 

17.  Didier's  bt.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  =  Mrs. 
Didier  :  Sir  Francis  Gripe  =  Edwin :  Sir  George 
Airy  =  Dimond : — with  Mayor  of  Garratt.  Major 
Sturgeon  =  Didier :  Jerry  Sneak  =  Edwin  :  Mrs. 
Sneak  =  Mrs.  Didier. 

29.  Way  to  keep  him.  Lovemore  =  Dimond  :  Sir 
Bashful  Constant  —  Keasberry :  Sir  Brilliant  Fashion 
=.  Didier  :  Widow  Bellmour  =  Mrs.  Didier  :  Mrs. 
Lovemore^Miss  Mansell. 

31 .  Fashionable  Lover.  Lord  Abberville  —  Didier : 
Tyrrel  =  Dimond  :  Aubrey  =  Blisset :  Miss  Aubrey 
=  Miss  Mansell : — last  play. 

In  the  course  of  the  season  Henderson  acted  Pierre 
— Don  John  in  Chances  —  Richard  3d — Comus — 
Lorenzo  in  S.  F. — Oakly — Shylock. 

Dimond  acted  Lord  Townly — Sir  G.  Truman  in 
Drummer — Orlando. 

Edwin  acted  Sir  Francis  Wronghead — Sir  Harry 
Sycamore — Davy  in  Bon  Ton — Thomas  Filbert — 
Vellum — Martin  in  Cooper — Jobson — Don  Diego — 
Rigdum  Funnidos — Dr.  Rosy — Trusty  in  Ghost — 
Varland— Sir  Jacob  Thrift  in  Hotel— Midas— Touch- 
stone— Justice  Woodcock — Don  Lopez  in  Wonder 
— Squire  Richard — Peachum. 

Mrs.  Didier  played  the  principal  parts  in  Comedy, 
and  Miss  Mansell  those  in  Tragedy — Brett  and  Miss 
Wheeler  were  the  principal  singers. 


LIVERPOOL   BILLS    1777. 


LIVERPOOL  BILLS  1777- 

June  2.  Busy  Body.     Marplot  =  Lee  Lewes. 

4.  Citizen.  Old  and  Young  Philpot  =  Wilson  and 
Lee  Lewes  :  Maria  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

9.  Lee  Lewes  acted  Mercutio. 

11.  Wonder.  Violante  =  Mrs.  Wilson  :  Flora = 
Mrs.  Kniveton : — with  Don  Quixote  in  England. 
Don  Quixote  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Sancho  =  Wilson. 

18.  Stratagem,  with  Country  Wife.  Pinchwife  = 
Wilson  :  Mrs.  Pinch  wife  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

20.  All  the  World's  a  Stage.     Diggery  =  Wilson. 

21.  Wilson  acted  Periwinkle. 

25.  Recruiting  Officer.  Bullock  =  Wilson  :  Sylvia 
=  Mrs.  Wilson  : — with  Harlequin's  Invasion.  Har- 
lequin =  Lee  Lewes  :  Snip  =  Wilson  :  Dolly  Snip  = 
Mrs.  Wilson. 

27.  Sir  Thomas  Overbury.  Somerset  =  Kemble, 
1st  appearance  there :  Countess  of  Somerset  =  Mrs. 
Siddons. 

30.  Henry  2d.  King  =  Clinch  :  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Siddons. 

July  1.  Fashionable  Lover.  Tyrrel  =.  Clinch  : 
Dr.  Druid  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Colin  =  Wilson. 

3.  Sir  Thomas  Overbury,  as  before. 

5.  Jane  Shore  =  Mrs.  Hartley,  her  last  appearance 
this  season  :  Alicia  =  Mrs.  Siddons  :  Dumont  = 
Clinch. 

7.  Miss  Younge  made  her  1st  appearance  in 
Grecian  Daughter. 

VOL.    V.  S   S 


626  LIVERPOOL  BILLS    1777. 

9.  Miss  Younge  acted  Lady  Townly. 

11.  Cymbeline.      Jachimo  =  Clinch  :    Imogen  = 
Miss  Younge  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Barrington. 

12.  Suspicious    Husband.       Frankly   =   Clinch  : 
Clarinda  =  Mrs.  Siddons  :  Lucetta  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

14.  Zenobia.  Rhadamistus  =  Clinch  :  Teribazus 
=  Lewis  :  Zenobia  =:  Miss  Younge. 

16.  As  you  like  it.  Touchstone  =  Wilson  :  Jaques 
=  Clinch  :  Rosalind  (with  a  song)  =  Miss  Younge. 

18.  Miss  Younge  acted  the  Countess  of  Salisbury. 

19.  George  Barnwell  =  Kemble  :  Millwood  =  Mrs. 
Siddons :    Lucy  =  Mrs.  Barrington  : — with   Hotel. 
Sir  Jacob  Thrift  =  Wilson  :  Trim  well  —  Lee   Lewes. 

21.  Miss  Younge's  bt.  Heroine  of  the  Cave. 
Alberti  =  Clinch  :  Colredo  =  Kemble  :  Clermont  — 
Lewis:  Constantia  =  Miss  Younge:  —  with  High 
Life.  Duke's  Servant  =  Lee  Lewes:  Philip  =  Wil- 
son :  Kitty  (with  a  song  and  mock  Minuet)  =  Miss 
Younge. 

23.  Hamlet  =  Lewis  :  Ghost  =  Clinch  :  Osrick  = 
Lee  Lewes  :  Polonius  =  Wilson  :  Ophelia  =  Mrs. 
Wilson  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Siddons. 

25.  Miss  Younge  acted  Mrs.  Oakly. 

26.  Merchant   of  Venice.      Shylock  =  Wilson  : 
Portia  =  Mrs.  Siddons. 

28.  Rival  Queens.  Alexander  =  Clinch  :  Statira 
=  Mrs.  Siddons  :  RoxanazzMiss  Younge. 

30.  Twelfth  Night.  Malvolio  =  Wilson  :  Sir  An- 
drew  Aguecheek  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Olivia  =  Mrs.  Knive- 
ton  :  Viola  =  Miss  Younge  :  Marian  Mrs.  Wilson. 

Aug.  1.  Miss  Younge  acted  Lady  Townly  : — with 
Upholsterer.  Razor  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Pamphlet  = 
Wilson:  Mrs.  Termagant  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 


LIVERPOOL    BILLS    1777.  027 

2.  All  for  Love.     Cleopatra  =  Mrs.  Siddons. 

4.  Earl  of  Warwick  =  Lewis  :  King  =  Clinch : 
Margaret  of  Anjou  =  Miss  Younge. 

6.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffierz:  Clinch  :  Pierre  = 
Lewis:  Bel videran  Miss  Younge. 

8.  Matilda.     Morcar  =  Clinch  :  Edwin  =  Kemble : 
Matilda=Miss  Younge, positivelyher  last  appearance. 

9.  Fair  Quaker.     Mizen  =  Lee  Lewes:  Binnacle 
=. Wilson:  Dorcas  Zeal  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

11.  Funeral.  Lord  Hardy  =  Clinch :  Trim  =  Lee 
Lewes  :  Campley  =  Lewis  :  Sable  =  Wilson  :  Lady 
Brumpton  =  Mrs.  Siddons  :  Lady  Harriet  =  Mrs. 
Wilson  : — with  Absent  Man  by  Lee  Lewes. 

13.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Carlos  — Lewis  :  Clodio 
=  Lee  Lewes  :  Don  Lewis  =  Wilson. 

15.  Rivals,  with  Bankrupt.  Sir  Robert  Riscounter 
=  Wilson :  Margin  =  Lee  Lewes :  Lydia  =  Mrs. Wilson. 

18.  Miss  Leeson's  bt.  Woman's  a  Riddle.  Court- 
well  =  Lewis  :  Sir  Amorous  Vairiwit  =  Lee  Lewes  : 
Aspin  =  Wilson  :  Lady  Outside  =  Mrs.  Siddons  : 
Miranda  =  Miss  Leeson  : — with  Royal  Merchant, 
with  the  original  Mock  Coronation.  Vandunk  = 

Wilson  :    Jaqueline  =  Mrs.  Wilson  : the  original 

Mock  Coronation  is  nonsense — see  Irish  Stage  1734. 

20.  Mrs.  Wilson's  bt.  Way  of  the  World.  Fain- 
all  =  Clinch:  Sir  Wilful  Wit  wou'd  =  Wilson  :  Milla- 
mant  =  Mrs.  Wilson:  Mrs.  Marwood  =  Mrs.  Siddons : 
— with  Doctor  Last  in  his  Chariot.  Dr.  Last  = 
Wilson:  Prudence  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

22.  Mahon's  bt.  School  for  Wives.  Torrington 
IT  Lee  Lewes:  Capt.  Savage  =  Kemble  :  Mrs.  Bel- 
ville  =  Mrs.  Siddons: — with  Chrononhotonthologos. 


628  LIVERPOOL  BILLS    1777. 

King  of  the  Fiddlers  =  Siddons  :— he  played  many 
small  parts. 

23.  Woman's  a  Riddle,  as  before. 

25.  Falstaff's  Wedding.  Falstaff  =  Wilson  : 
Slender  =  Lee  Lewes :  Dame  Ursula  =  Mrs.  Siddons : 
— with  (originally  given  in  the  Primitive  Puppetshow) 
Piety  in  Pattens.  Squire  Boothby  =  Siddons  : 
Thomas  Steady  =  Wilson  :  Polly  Pattens  =  Mrs. 
Wilson. 

27.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Siddons.  Philaster  =  Lewis  : 
Pharamond  =  Clinch  :  Bellario  =  Mrs.  Siddons :  Are- 
thusa  =  Mrs.  Kniveton. 

29.  Douglas  =  Lewis  :    Lady   Randolph  =  Mrs. 
Siddons. 

30.  Romeo  and  Juliet  — Lewis  and  Mrs.  Siddons  : 
Nurse  =  Mrs.  Barrington. 

Sep.  1.  All  in  the  Wrong.  Sir  John  Restless  = 
Lee  Lewes :  Beverley  =  Lewis  :  Belinda  =  Mrs. 
Wilson  :  Lady  Restless  =  Mrs.  Siddons. 

3.  Lee  Lewes'  bt.  Busy  Body.  Miranda  =  Mrs. 
Siddons. 

5.  Packer's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  Good-natured 
Man.     Croaker  =  Wilson  :  Lofty  =  Lewis  :    Honey- 
wood  =  Clinch  :  Twitch  =  Lee  Lewes:    Miss   Rich- 
land  =  Mrs.    Siddons  :    Olivia    =  Mrs.    Kniveton : 
Garnet  =   Mrs.    Wilson  :  —  with    Englishman    in 
Paris.     Buek  =  Lee  Lewes:    Lucinda  =  Mrs.  Wil- 
son : — r.  b. 

6.  Mrs.  Siddons  acted  Lady  Restless. 

8.  Clinch's  bt.  Tender  Husband.  Capt  Clerimont 
=  Clinch  :  Sir  Harry  Gubbin  =  Wilson  :  Humphrey 
Gubbin  =  Lee  Lewes  :  Biddy  Tipkin  =  Mrs.  Wilson  : 


JE8CHYLUS. 

Mrs.  Clerimont=Mr8.  Siddons  :    Aunt  =  Mrs.  Bar- 
rington. 

10.  Wilson's  bt.  Richard  3d  =  Wilson,  his  1st  ap- 
pearance in  Tragedy  :  Richmond  =  Clinch  :  Queen 
=  Mrs.  Siddons  : — with  Minor.  Shift,  Smirk,  and 
Mrs.  Cole  =  Wilson. 

12.  Mrs.  Kniveton's  bt.  Pilgrim.     Pedro  =  Lewis  : 
Roderigo  =  Kemble  :    Alphonso  =  Wilson  :    M;ul 
Welchman  =  Lee  Lewes  :    Alinda=Mrs.  Kniveton  : 
Juletta  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

13.  Mrs.  Siddons  acted  Miss  Richland. 

15.  For  bt.  of  Lewis.  Know  your  own  Mind. 
Lady  Bell  =  Mrs.  Siddons  : — with  Mayor  of  Garratt. 
Major  =  Wilson  :  Jerry  Sneak  =  Lee  Lewes:  Mrs. 
Sneak  =  Mrs.  Wilson.  (From  Mr.  Field.) 

The  London  Performers  acted  several  of  their 
usual  characters — Kemble  acted  but  little,  and  had 
no  benefit. 


AESCHYLUS. 

Potter  published  his  translation  of  ^Eschylus  in 
1777-.  (B.  /).) — jEschylus  wrote  a  large  number  of 
plays — of  which  only  7  remain  entire. 

1.  Prometheus  in  Chains — Prometheus  had  con- 


630 


/ESCHYLUS. 


ferred  many  benefits  on  mankind — particularly  by 
giving  them  fire,  which  he  had  stolen  from  heaven — 
Jupiter  was  enraged  at  Prometheus,  and,  by  his 
orders,  Prometheus,  in  the  1st  scene,  is  chained  to  a 
rock — Prometheus  is  indignant — he  taxes  Jupiter 
with  ingratitude,  and  obscurely  intimates  that  the 
time  will  come  when  Jupiter  will  stand  in  need  of 
his  assistance  —  Oceanus  offers  to  intercede  with 
Jupiter  in  favour  of  Prometheus — Prometheus  de- 
clines his  offer — a  long  scene  ensues  between  lo  and 
Prometheus — after  her  exit,  Prometheus  expresses 
his  contempt  of  Jupiter — Hermes,  in  the  name  of 
Jupiter,  commands  Prometheus  to  explain  what  that 
marriage  is,  which  was  likely  to  be  fatal  to  Jupiter- 
Prometheus  positively  refuses  to  do  so — he  is  con- 
scious of  his  own  immortality,  and  sets  Jupiter  at 
defiance — a  violent  tempest,  with  thunder  and 
lightning,  arises  —  Prometheus  is  precipitated  into 
Tartarus,  but  retains  his  constancy  to  the  last — this 
is  a  fine  T. — the  marriage  to  which  Prometheus 
alludes  is  that  of  Thetis — Jupiter  had  intended  to 
marry  her,  but  on  finding  that  it  was  decreed  by  the 
Fates,  that  Thetis  should  produce  a  son  greater  than 
his  father,  he  desisted  from  his  intention,  and  Thetis 
married  Peleus — the  decree  of  the  Fates  was  ful- 
filled in  Achilles. 

2.  Seven  Chiefs  against'Thebes — the  fable  of  this 
T.  is  in  a  great  degree  the  same  as  that  of  the  Phoe- 
nissse  of  Euripides — Eteocles  and  Polynices,  the  sons 
of  QEdipus,  had  agreed  to  reign  alternate  years — at 
the  end  of  the  first  year  Eteocles  had  refused  to 
resign  the  throne  to  his  brother — Polynices  had  mar- 
ried the  daughter  of  the  King  of  Argos — Polynices, 


&SCHYLUB.  (i;3 1 

with  six  other  Chiefs,  besieges  Thebes  —Eteocles 
arid  Polynices  fight — they  kill  one  another— the  Ar- 
gives  are  defeated — Antigone  and  Ismene,  the  sisters 
of  Eteocles  and  Polynices,  lament  over  their  brothers 
—a  herald  proclaims,  that  the  prmujml  Thebanshave 
decreed  that  Eteocles  should  be  buried  honourably, 
but  that  the  dead  body  of  Polynices  should  be  left  as 
a  prey  for  the  dogs — Antigone  protests  that  she  will 
bury  Polynices  at  all  hazards — Ismene  is  less  resolute 
— there  is  a  long  scene  in  which  the  Seven  Chiefs 
are  particularly  described — Amphiaraus  is  said  to  be 
a  man,  "  who  does  not  wish  to  seem  excellent,  but 
"  really  to  be  so" — when  this  line  was  spoken  in  the 
theatre,  all  who  were  present  looked  at  Aristides. 
(Plutarch.') 

3.  Persians —  the  scene  lies  at  Susa  before  the 
palace — Xerxes  is  absent  on  his  expedition  into 
Greece — Atossa,  the  mother  of  Xerxes,  is  terrified 
by  a  dream  which  she  had  had  on  the  preceding 
night — she  relates  the  particulars  of  it  to  the  old 
men  who  form  the  Chorus— a  messenger  brings  the 
news  of  the  total  defeat  of  the  Persian  navy— he 
gives  a  minute  account  of  the  battle  of  Salamis— 
the  Ghost  of  Darius  appears  to  Atossa  and  the 
Chorus— he  foretells  the  loss  which  the  Persian  army 
would  sustain  at  Plataea — Xerxes  enters  in  a  miser- 
able state — the  T.  concludes  with  the  lamentations 
of  Xerxes  and  the  Chorus — ^Eschylus  distinguished 
himself  at  the  battles  of  Salamis  and  Plataea — he  has 
inserted  several  clap-traps  in  his  play. 

4.  Agamemnon — see  D.  L.  April  6  1788. 

5.  Choephorse— see  C.  G.  March  13  1769. 

6.  Eumenides — that  is,  the  Furies — this  play  is 


632  .ESCHYLUS. 

/ 

a  sequel  to  the  former  one — Orestes  had  killed  his 
mother,  in  revenge  for  the  murder  of  his  father  by 
Clytemnestra — Orestes  is  discovered  in  the  temple 
of  Apollo — with  the  Furies  asleep — Apollo  directs 
him  to  go  to  Athens,  and  promises  to  protect  him — 
Orestes  makes  his  exit — the  Ghost  of  Clytemnestra 
reproaches  the  Furies  for  having  suffered  her  mur- 
derer to  escape  —  the  Furies  start  up  and  pursue 
Orestes — the  next  scene  is  at  Athens — Orestes  takes 
refuge  in  the  temple  of  Pallas— the  Furies  threaten 
him  with  their  vengeance — Pallas  commits  the  deci- 
sion of  the  dispute  to  the  principal  Athenian  citizens 
— Orestes  is  brought  to  his  trial — the  Furies  accuse 
Orestes — Apollo  bears  testimony  in  his  favour — 
Orestes  is  acquitted — the  Furies  are  enraged — Pallas 
appeases  them. 

7.  Supplicants—see  L.  I.  F.  Jan  22  1722. 


END    OF   VOL.   V. 


PRINTED   BY    H.    E.    CARRINGTON, 
CHRONICLE    OFFICE,    BATH. 


PN 
2581 

04 

v.5 


Gene at,  John 

Some  account  of  the  English 
stage 


PLEASE  DO  NOT  REMOVE 
CARDS  OR  SLIPS  FROM  THIS  POCKET 

UNIVERSITY  OF  TORONTO  LIBRARY 


