SOME    ACCOUNT 


OF  THE 


ENGLISH     STAGE, 


FROM    THE 


RESTORATION  IN  1660  TO  1830. 

[flu  ~ 


IN    TEN    VOLUMES. 


Ei     E  T<  Tixpwvract,  v>  ova  axpi/?o;J  avfiAyjwTa/,  /j.r,dfis 

tvvoav  w$  WETiXocvr/^fW  ia-rofia.v  at'VfAe^a/xfv. EVAGRIUS,  p.  473. 

IF  ANY  THING  BE  OVERLOOKF.D,  OR  NOT  ACCURATELY  INSERTED,  LEI- 
NO  ONE  FIND  FAULT,  BUT  TAKE  INTO  CONSIDERATION  THAT  THIS 
HISTORY  IS  COMPILED  FROM  ALL  QUARTERS. 


VOL  III. 

BATH: 

PRINTED  BY  H.  E.  CARRINGTON. 
SOLD  BY  THOMAS  ROOD,  GREAT  NEWPORT  STREET,  LONDON. 

183:?. 


at 


>A3 


CONTENTS. 


D.  L.  1719-1720. 

Sir  Richard  Steele  and  the  Duke  of  Newcastle. 

The  Theatre. 

Master  of  the  Revels. 

L.  I.  F.  1719-1720  to  L.  I.  F.  1721-1722. 

Julius  Caesar. 

D.  L.  1722-1723  to  L.  I.  F.    1723-1724. 

Pantomimes  and  Entertainments. 

D.  L.  1724-1725  to  Hay.  1737. 

Licensing  Act. 

D.  L.  1737-1738  to  C.  G.  1738-1739. 

Earl  of  Orrery. 

D.  L.  1739-1740  to  D.  L.   1741-1742. 

N.B.    For  slight    Corrections  and  Additions,   see  vol.  10 
p.  257. 


SOME    ACCOUNT 


Stage  from  fyt 

IN  1660  TO  1830. 


D.L.    1719-1720. 

Sep.  15.  Sir  Courtly  Nice 19.  Macbeth. 

22.  Recruiting  Officer.     Kite  =  Shepherd. 

24.  Constant  Couple.  Angelica  =  Mrs.  Booth  late 
Mrs.  Santlow. 

26.  Richard  the  3d. 

Oct.  3.  Man  of  the  Mode. 

6.  Not  acted  3  years,  Lady's  last  Stake.  On  this 
day  the  bills  were  advertised  in  the  Daily  Post  instead 
of  the  Daily  Courant. 

8.  Oronooko 9-  Strategem.  Dorinda  =  Mrs. 

Younger. 

10.  Othello.     Desdemonan  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

11.  ^Esop  and  What  d'ye  call  it  ? 
13.  Cato 14.  Love's  last  Shift. 

15.  Tender  Husband.     Pounce  =  Shepherd. 

16.  Northern  Lass—  -19-  Committee. 

VOL.  III.  B 


2  u.  L.  1719-1720. 

20.  Rule  a  Wife. 

21.  Spanish    Fryar  =  Shepherd  :     Queen  =  Mrs. 
Porter. 

22.  Henry  4th  part  1st  —24.  Humorous  Lieutenant. 

23.  Double  Gallant.     Clarinda—  Mrs.  Thurmond. 
26.  Pilgrim 27.  Love  makes  a  Man. 

29.  Bondman,  acted  but  twice  since  the  reign  of 
King  Charles  the  1st,  now  revived  with  alterations. 

30.  Amphitryon.      Mercury  =  Shepherd  :    Gripus 
=  Norris. 

Nov.  2.  Feigned  Innocence.  Sir  Martin  Marrall 
=  Miller  :  Warner  =  Mills  :  Old  Moody  —  Johnson  : 
Rose  =  Mrs.  Saunders. 

3.  Silent  Woman  =  Mrs.  Garnet — 5.    Tamerlane. 

6.  Jovial  Crew.     Tallboy  =  Miller. 

7.  Fatal  Marriage.     Jaqueline  =  Miller. 

9.  Sir  Solomon  Single — no  characters. 

10.  Way  of  the  World. 

11.  Never  acted,  the  Invader  of  his  Country,  or 
the   Fatal   Resentment,    (altered   by   Dennis  from 
Shakspeare)  Coriolanus  =  Booth  :  Aufidi us  =  Mills  : 
M  enenius  =  Cory  :  Cominius  =  Thurmond :  Sicinius 
=  W.  Wilks  :    Brutus  =  Walker:    Titus  Lar^ius  = 
Williams  :    Citizens   and   Servants  =  Penkethman, 
Johnson,  M  iller,  Norris  &c. :  Volumnia= Mrs.  Porter: 
Virgilia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  : — if  anybody  but  Dennis 
himself  had  spelt  Titus  Lartius  with  a-g  instead  of 
a-t,  Dennis  would  have  been  the  first  to  have  called 

him  a  blockhead tho'  great  part  of  this  T.  is  Shak- 

speare's,  and  there  can  be  no  doubt  but  that  Booth 
played  Coriolanus  well,  yet  it  was  acted  only  3  times 
—  after  which  the  Managers,  to  the  great  indignation 
of  Dennis,   gave  out  another  play,   assigning  as  a 


D.  L.  1719-1720.  ; 

reason,  that  it  was  not  worth  their  while  to  act  any 
piece  that  would  not  bring  them  £100. 

Dennis,  in  a  dedication  of  10  pages  to  the  Duke  of 
Newcastle,  at  that  time  Lord  Chamberlain,  complains 
bitterly  of  two  or  three  insolent  actors  (particularly 
Gibber)  who  had  no  capacity,  no  education,  nor  the 
least  concern  for  their  country — for  Dennis,  it  must 
be  observed,  wrote  this  play  in  the  cause  of  his  coun- 
try and  his  sovereign — it  was  to  have  come  out  on 
Nov.  10th,  but  the  Managers  put  it  off  till  the  llth, 
that  it  might  not  interfere  with  the  benefit  of  a  young 
author  at  L.  I.  F. — this  threw  Dennis*  own  benefit  on 
a  Friday  ;  and  Friday,  he  says,  was  not  only  the 
worst  day  in  the  week  for  an  audience,  but  his  was 
that  particular  Friday,  when  a  hundred  persons,  who 
designed  to  be  there,  were  either  gone  to  meet  the 
King,  or  preparing  in  town  to  do  their  duty  to  him 
on  his  arrival  from  abroad  —Dennis  then  modestly 
asserts  that  the  Managers  and  their  stage  were  more 
indebted  to  him  than  to  any  other  writer  in  England 
after  all  he  does  not  prove  that  he  was  particu- 
larly ill  used,  but  he  proves  that  when  a  man  is 
blinded  with  passion  he  will  say  any  thing — no  one 
had  talked  more  about  liberty  than  Dennis  ;  yet  he 
here  wants  the  Duke  to  interfere  with  the  manage- 
ment of  the  theatre  in  the  same  arbitrary  manner  in 
which  his  predecessors  in  office  had  done — and  calls 
him  the  lawful  Monarch  of  the  Stage — in  an  adver- 
tisement he  again  attacks  Gibber  and  his  Tragedies, 
and  says  no  one  can  get  a  play  acted  at  D.  L.,  unless 
he  will  flatter  Wilks  by  telling  him  that  he  is  an  ex- 
cellent Tragedian — which  would  be  ridiculous  and 
absurd, 

B    2 


4  D.  L.  1719-1720. 

Act  1st.  Dennis  omits  the  scene  between  Coriola- 

nus  and  the  Citizens,  and  that  between  the   Ladies 

—he  begins  with  Cominius  at  the  head  of  the  Roman 

army  and  the  whole  act  consists  of  the  military  scenes. 

Act  2d.  He  begins  with  a  scene  between  Volumnia 
and  Virgilia — omits  the  scene  between  Menenius  and 
the  Tribunes — that  between  Menenius  and  Volumnia, 
and  the  scene  in  the  Capitol — he  alters  the  meeting 
between  Coriolanus  and  his  wife  and  mother  for  the 
worse— he  adds  a  good  deal  of  low  Comedy  to  the 
parts  of  the  Citizens. 

Act  3d.  He  mutilates  the  Jint  scene  between  Corio- 
lanus and  the  Tribunes  shamefully,  and  concludes  the 
act  with  a  parting  scene  between  Coriolanus  and 
Virgilia— 

Cor.  Adieu! 

In  quest  of  great  revenge  thy  Lover  flies. 
Virg.  Support  me,  Virgins,  for  Virgilia  dies. 

he  had  before  said  that  the  God  of  War  had  saved 
him  at  the  request  of  Love's  propitious  Goddess- 
Gibber  himself  could  not  have  done  worse  than  this. 
Act  4th,  He  begins  with  Coriolanus  at  Antium  and 
puts  in  more  low  Comedy — Aufidius  and  the  Volseians 
are  discovered  at  table  and  Coriolanus  is  introduced 
—the  scene  between  the  Servants  is  considerably 
altered  from  the  original  one— the  scene  at  Rome 
concludes  with  the  Citizens  driving  off  the  Tribunes 
with  an  intent  to  throw  them  down  from  the  Tar- 
peian  Rock. 

Act  5th.  The  scenes  in  which  Menenius  is  concerned 
are  omitted,  and  throughout  the  play  his  speeches  of 
humour  are  left  out-  Aufidius  and  his  Officers  begin 


b.  L.  m9-1720.  5 

the  act — Coriolanus  enters,  arid  then  Volumnia  and 
the  other  Ladies — Aufidius  goes  out — Volumnia  pro- 
duces a  dagger  and  threatens  to  make  use  of  it,  but 
she  does  not  absolutely  attempt  to  stab  herself — when 
the  Women  retire,  Coriolanus  fights  with  Aufidius 
and  kills  him — he  is  killed  by  the  Volscians — the 
women  re-enter  before  he  dies— Cominius  comes  on 
and  concludes  the  piece — Dennis  has  retained  about 
half  of  the  original  play,  which  he  has  altered  much 
for  the  worse — as  he  was  a  man  of  abilities  and  a 
professed  Critic,  it  might  reasonably  have  been  ex- 
pected of  him,  that  he  would  have  had  too  much  good 
sense  to  have  mangled  Shakspeare  in  the  way  that 
Tate,  Cibber  and  others  had  done. 
Nov.  14.  Scornful  Lady. 

16.  Busy  Body.      Marplot  =  Miller :    Sir  Francis 
Gripe  —  Norris :    Sir  George  Airy  =  Wilks :     Sir 
Jealous  Traffick  —  Shepherd  :   Charles  =  Mills  :    Mi- 
randa —  Mrs.  Booth  :    Patch  =  Mrs.   Saunders  :    Isa- 
binda  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

17.  All  for  Love.     Dol abell a  =  Walker. 

18.  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd.     Sir  Joslin  Jolly  = 
Shepherd  :  Lady  Cockwood  is  omitted—  rest  as  Dec. 
5  1716. 

19.  King  Lear 20.  Chit  Chat. 

21.  Orphan.     Castalio  =  Wilks. 

23.  Greenwich  Park. 

24.  Timon  of  Athens.     Apemantus  =  Mills. 

25.  Rehearsal 28.  Henry  8th — no  characters. 

30.  Love   for   Love.       Ben  —  Bickerstaffe :     Sir 

Sampson  Legend  —  Shepherd  :  Jeremy  =  Miller  : 
Angelica  — Mrs.  Thurmond :  Mrs.  Frail  —Mrs.  Porter : 
Miss  Prue=  Mrs.  Younger. 


(}  D.  L.   1719-1720. 

Dec.  3.  Relapse.  Sir  Tunbelly  Clumsey= Shepherd. 

5.  Jane  Shore 8.  Mourning  Bride. 

9.  Country  Wife. 

1 1 .  Never  acte_d,  Spartan  Dame.  Cleombrotus  = 
Booth  :  Eurytion  =  Wilks  :  Crites  =  Gibber  :  Leoni- 
das=Mills:  Agesilaus=Cory :  Ly  sand  er— Thurmond: 
Celona  (or  Chelonis)  =  Mrs.  Oldfield :  Thelamia  = 
Mrs.  Porter:  Euphemia  =  Mrs.  Seal :  Byzanthe  = 
Mrs.  Garnet  : — acted  about  9  times — this  T.  is 
founded  on  Plutarch's  life  of  Agis,  but  Southerne  has 
mixed  much  extraneous  matter  with  the  story — Leo- 
nidas, the  King  of  Sparta,  had  been  driven  into 
banishment — Celona,  Thelamia  and  Euphemia  are 
his  daughters — Cleombrotus  is  married  to  Celona, 
but  in  love  with  Thelamia,  who  is  the  wife  of  Eury- 
tion— Cleombrotus  is  elected  King — Eurytion,  who 
had  strongly  opposed  Cleombrotus,  thinks  it  advis- 
able to  leave  Sparta — he  commits  Thelamia  to  the 
care  of  Crites — Crites  is  secretly  in  the  interest  of 
Cleombrotus — in  the  3d  act,  Crites  tells  Thelamia 
that  her  husband  will  visit  her  at  night  privately — 
Cleombrotus  is  received  by  her  as  her  husband — she 
is  highly  indignant  when  she  discovers  the  deceit 
which  had  been  practised  on  her — she  discloses  her 
misfortune  to  Celona  —as  Celona  does  to  Leonidas— 
and  Leonidas  to  Eurytion — Leonidas  had  come  to 
Sparta  secretly— his  party  becomes  superiour—  Cle- 
ombrotus and  Crites  shut  themselves  up  in  the  temple 
of  Neptune — Eurytion  and  his  friends  get  into  the 
temple  by  secret  passages — Cleombrotus  is  told  that 
this  was  owing  to  the  treachery  of  Crites  — he  throws 
down  Crites  from  the  battlements— a  fight  ensues — 
Cleombrotus  is  taken  prisoner — Celona  intercedes 


D.  L.  my-1720.  7 

with  her  father  for  him — Eurytion  stabs  Cleombrotus 
-Thelamia  poisons  herself— Celona  determines  to 
abandon  the  world — in  reality  Leonidas  spared  the 
life  of  Cleombrottis  at  the  entreaties  of  his  daughter — 
she  went  into  banishment  with  her  husband— some 
parts  of  this  T.  have  great  merit,  but  on  the  whole 
it  is  far  from  a  capital  play — -the  Episode  of  Thela- 
mia is  interesting  and  well  written,  but  does  not  suit 
the  story — Southerne  should  have  studied  Plutarch's 
life  of  Lycurgus,  when  he  sat  down  to  write  this  play, 
for  want  of  doing  so,  he  betrays  much  ignorance  of 
Spartan  manners — he  foolishly  talks  of  Lictor  and 
Plebeian — Thelamia  is  not  very  likely  to  have  heard 
of  Lucretia ;  nor  as  a  Spartan  to  have  killed  herself 

for  what  had  happened  to  her Crites  says  he  has 

been  in  company  with  a  set  of  men  who  railed  on 
marriage — 

"  First  they  swear  the  institution 


"  Was  never  made  in  heav'n." 

What  Grecian  ever  dreamed  that  it  was  ? 
When  Cleombrotus  throws  Crites  from  the  temple 
walls — he  says — 

"  If  thou  hast  kindred  devils  in  the  air, 

"  To  break  thy  fall,  the  priest  may  thank  *em  for't." 

What  can  be  more  out  of  character  ? 

This  T.  was  begun  before  the  Revolution,  but 
could  not  with  any  degree  of  propriety  have  been 
acted  in  the  time  of  William  and  Mary,  as  many 
passages  would  have  been  rapturously  applauded  by 

the  Jacobites see  Fate  of  Sparta  at  D.  L.  Jan. 

31st  1788. 


8  D.  L.   1719-1720. 

Southerne  is  said  to  have  made  £500  by  this  play 
—it  was  the  practice  formerly  for  an  author  to  dis- 
tribute tickets  and  solicit  company  to  attend  on  his 
benefit  nights — it  was  by  this  method  that  Southerne, 
who  seems  to  have  understood  author-craft  better  than 
any  of  his  contemporaries,  made  so  much  money  of 
his  plays — Malone  adds  that  Addison  first  discon- 
tinued this  custom — which  is  not  correct,  for  Addi- 
son could  not  have  continued  it,  if  he  had  been  in- 
clined, as  he  gave  the  profits  of  Cato  to  the  Managers 

Southerne  in  his  preface  (not  to  the  first,  but  to 

some  subsequent  edition — see  his  works)  says  that 
he  sold  the  copy-right  of  this  T.  to  Chetwood  at  the 
extraordinary  price  of  £120 — the  Editor  of  the  B.D. 
by  mistake  says  £150 — the  Revenge  was  sold  only 
for  £50 — Lintot  gave  a  hundred  guineas  for  the 
Rival  Modes  in  1726,  which  for  several  years  con- 
tinued the  customary  price  of  a  new  play.  (Malone.) 

Jan.  1.  Rover.     Hellena  —  Mrs.  Booth. 

2.  Hamlet.  Laertes  =  Walker :  Fop  —  Miller  : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Porter  :  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

5.  Caitis  Marius 6.  Tempest. 

12.  Amorous  Widow.     Barnaby  Brittle  =  Norris  : 
(he  completely  re-assumed  his  part)  Merry  man = 
Finkethman  :  Lady  Laycock  —  Mrs.  Saunders  :  Phil- 
adelphia —  Mrs.  Younger. 

13.  Bartholemew  Fair.     Cokes  =  Miller  :  Justice 
Overdo  =  Shepherd  :  Edgeworth  =  Walker  :  Pigwife 
=  Mr.  Cross. 

22.  Don  John 23.  Maid's  Tragedy. 

24  was  on  a  Sunday — on  25 — 26—27  the  theatre 
was  shut  by  order  of  the  Lord  Chamberlain. 

28.  Careless  Husband.  Lord  Foppington  =  Gibber. 


D.  L.    1719-1720.  9 

Feb. — She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not.     Hypolita  = 
Mrs.  Thurmond — Florae  Mrs.  Younger. 

10  Strategem.     Boniface  =  Shepherd. 

17.  Never  acted,  Siege  of  Damascus — Christians. 
Phocyas  (a  noble  and  valiant  Syrian)  •=  Booth  :  Eu- 
menes  (governor  of  Damascus)  =.  Wilks :  Eudocia 
(his  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Porter  : — Saracens — Caled 
(general  of  the  army)  =  Mills  :  Abudah  (next  in  com- 
mand) =:  Thurmond  :  Daran  (a  wild  Arabian)  =  Wal- 
ker : — this  is  a  very  good  T.  by  Hughes — it  was 
acted  about  10  times — the  author  died  on  the  1st 
night — for  the  history  see  Gibbon  Ch.  51 — Hughes 
has  united  the  actions  of  Thomas  and  Jonas  in  the 
character  of  Phocyas — the  fall  of  Damascus  was 
protracted  by  the  courage  of  Thomas,  who  was  an 
illustrious  Greek  in  a  private  condition — when  the 
city  was  taken,  Thomas,  and  the  free-born  patriots 

who  had  fought  under  his  banner,  went  into  exile 

a  nobleman  of  Damascus,  of  the  name  of  Jonas,  was 
betrothed  to  a  wealthy  maiden — they  got  out  of  the 
city,  but  Jonas  was  made  a  prisoner,  and  turned 
Mussulman  —when  the  city  was  taken,  he  flew  to  the 
monastery,  where  Eudocia  had  taken  refuge  ;  but  the 
lover  was  forgotten ;  the  apostate  was  scorned— 
Jonas  instigated  the  Saracens  to  pursue  the  inhabi- 
tants of  Damascus — they  came  up  with  them  as  in  the 
5th  act  of  the  play — in  the  tumult  of  the  battle,  Jonas 
sought  and  found  the  object  of  his  pursuit,  but  her 
resentment  was  inflamed  by  the  last  act  of  his  per- 
fidy; and,  as  Eudocia  struggled  in  his  hateful  embraces, 
she  struck  a  dagger  to  her  heart.  (Gibbon.) 

Gibbon  observes  that  this  play  possesses  the  rare 
merit  of  blending  nature  and  history,  the  manners  of 


10  D.  L.   1719-1720. 

the  times  and  the  feelings  of  the  heart — he  finds  fault 
with  the  catastrophe,  but  without  reason the  lan- 
guage of  this  play  is  good,  but  perhaps  its  principal 
merit  consists  in  the  just  representation  of  manners 
— the  Asiatics  are  not  Europeans  as  is  too  often  the 

case  on  the  stage in  some  verses  prefixed  to  it 

Mr.  Buncombe  justly  observes - 

"  No  modern  phrases  in  these  scenes  appear, 
"  Antiquity's  more  noble  dress  they  wear  : 
"  This  master  hand  with  direct  judgment  draws 
"  Th*  Arabian  notions,  manners,  rites,  and  laws  ; 
"  Displays  degen'rate  Christians'  growing  crimes, 
"  And  the  vain  pomp  of  these  corrupted  times." 

It  was  objected  to  this  play  that  there  seems  not 
sufficient  ground  for  those  strong  and  stinging  re- 
proaches which  Phocyas  casts  upon  himself;  nor  for 
Eudocia's  rejecting  of  him  with  so  much  severity — 
it  would  have  been  more  rational  (considering  the 
frailty  of  human  nature  and  the  violent  temptations 
he  lay  under)  if  he  had  been  at  last  prevailed  on  to 
profess  himself  a  Mahometan  ;  for  then  his  remorse 
and  self-condemnation  would  have  been  natural  and 
his  punishment  just,  and  the  character  of  Eudocia 
placed  in  a  more  amiable  light. 

To  this  the  Editor  of  Hughes'  poems  replies — 
that  the  play  was  written  originally  on  this  plan,  but 
that  when  it  was  offered  to  the  Managers  of  D.  L. 
in  1718,  they  refused  to  act  it,  unless  the  author 
would  alter  the  character  of  Phocyas ;  pretending 
that  the  audience  would  not  bear  the  sight  of  him, 
after  he  had  changed  his  religion,  &c. — Hughes  (who 
was  then  in  a  weak  state)  finding  that  if  he  did  not 


D.L.  1719-1720.  11 

comply,  his  relations  would  probably  lose  the  benefit 
of  his  play,  consented  with  reluctance  to  new  model 
the  character  of  Phocyas.  It  is  much  to  be  wished 
that  so  good  a  writer  as  Hughes  had  not  blundered 
about  two  of  his  names — he  makes  the  last  syllable 
but  one  in  Eumenes  long — and  the  last  syllable  but 
one  in  Heraclius  short. 

March  1 0.  Mrs.  Porter's  bt.  Lady's  last  Stake,  pit 
and  boxes  laid  together — tickets  at  5s.  each. 

10.  Volpone.  Voltore  =  Bickerstaffe  :  Corvino  = 
Gibber. 

April  27.  For  the  bt.  of  Mrs.  Mauley  the  author 
—Lucius  1st  Christian  King  of  Britain. 

28.  Walker  acted  Cassio  for  his  bt. 

May  3.  Mrs.  Horton's  bt.  Macbeth.  Lady  Mac- 
duff  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  : — Mrs.  Horton  did  not  act. 

27.  For  bt.  of  Widow  Bowen.     Venice  Preserved. 

30.  Unhappy  Favourite.  Essex  =  Booth  :  South- 
ampton =  Mills :  Burleigh  =  Cory :  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Porter :  Rutland  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Nottingham  = 
Mrs.  Horton. 

June  1.  For  bt.  of  Widow  Leigh,  Spanish  Fryar. 

2.  Old  Batchelor.  Heartwell  =  Thurmond  :  Be- 
linda =  Mrs.  Bignall : — last  play. 


Summer. 

June  6.  Walker's  bt.  to  make  up  the  deficiency  of 
his  last — Bondman. 

8.  Lancashire  Witches. 

11.  Pilgrim— Pedro  is  omitted  :  Juletta  =  Mrs. 
Horton:  Alinda  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 


12  SIR    RICHARD    STEELE    AND    THE 

14.  Fair  Penitent 21.  Sea  Voyage. 

30.  Little  French  Lawyer  =  Norris:  Sampson  the 
foolish  advocate  =  Miller :  Larnira  —  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

July  7.  Love  for  Money.     Jiltall  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

19.  Not  acted  3  years,  Ignoramus  =  Norris. 

26.  Not  acted  4  years,  London  Cuckolds. 

Aug.  23.  Bartholemew  Fair  —  last  play.  (Bills 
frvmB.M.} 


SIR  RICHARD  STEELE  AND  THE 
DUKE  OF  NEWCASTLE. 

A  most  important  theatrical  transaction  took  place 
in  the  course  of  this  season — the  Duke  of  Newcastle, 
as  Lord  Chamberlain,  thought  proper  to  shut  up  the 
theatre  in  spite  of  the  Patent — see  Jan.  2o. 

Steele  on  March  29th  published  a  state  of  the  dis- 
pute between  himself  and  the  Lord  Chamberlain. 

Steele,  having  lived  in  friendship  with  the  Duke, 
and  being  at  this  time  in  Parliament  through  the 
Duke's  influence,  begins  with  saying — "  The  injury 
"  which  I  have  received,  great  as  it  is,  has  nothing  in 
"  it  so  painful  as  that  it  comes  from  whence  it  does 
"  — when  I  complained  of  it  in  a  private  letter  to  the 
"  Chamberlain,  he  was  pleased  to  send  his  secretary 
"  to  me,  with  a  message  to  forbid  me  writing,  speak- 
"  ing,  corresponding,  or  applying  to  him  in  any  rnan- 
"  rier  whatsoever— since  he  has  been  pleased  to  send 
"  an  English  Gentleman  a  banishment  from  his  per- 


DUKE    OF    NEWCASTLE.  13 

"  son  and  counsels  in  a  style  thus  royal,  I  doubt  not 
"  but  that  the  reader  will  justify  me  in  the  method  I 
"  take  to  explain  this  matter  to  the  town.  *  *  * 

"  My  Lord  Chamberlain  has,  contrary  to  law 
"  and  justice,  dispossessed  me  of  rny  freehold,  in  a 
"  manner  as  injurious  to  the  King  his  Master,  as  to 
"  me  his  fellow  subject." 

Steele  then  recites  his  Patent  at  full  length,  of 

which  the  following  is  an  abridged  statement 

"  George  by  the  grace  of  God  &c. — in  consideration 
"  of  the  good  and  faithful  services  which  the  said 
"  Richard  Steele  hath  done  us,  and  doth  intend  to  do 
"  for  the  future,  we  grant  to  him,  his  executors,  ad- 
"  ministrators  and  assigns,  for  the  term  of  his  natural 
"  life  and  for  three  years  after,  full  power  to  gather 
"  together  and  keep  a  company  of  Comedians — which 
"  said  company  shall  be  stiled  the  Royal  Company  of 
"  Comedians— and  it  shall  and  may  be  lawful  for  the 
"  said  Richard  Steele  &c.  to  take  and  receive  of  such 
"  our  subjects  as  shall  resort  to  see  such  plays,  such 
"  sums  of  money  as  have  accustomably  been  given, 
"  or  shall  be  thought  reasonable  by  him  or  them,  in 
"  regard  of  the  great  expences  of  scenes,  musick,  and 
"  such  new  decorations,  as  have  not  been  formerly 
"  used.  *  *  *  and  further  we  give  to  the  said  Rich- 
"  ard  Steele  &c.  full  power  to  make  such  allowances 
"  to  the  actors  and  other  persons  employed  in  the 
"  theatre,  as  he  or  they  shall  think  fit — and  that  the 
"  said  company  shall  be  under  the  sole  government  of 
"  the  said  -Richard  Steele,  his  Executors,  Adminis- 
"  trators  or  Assigns.  *  *  *— and  it  being  our  desire 
"  that  our  theatre  may  be  instrumental  to  the  pro- 
*'  motion  of  virtue  and  instructive  to  human  life, 


14  SIR    RICHARD    STEELE    AND    THE 

"  we  do  hereby  command  and  enjoin,  that  no  new 
"  play,  or  any  old  or  revived  play,  be  acted  under  the 
"  authority  hereby  granted,  containing  any  passages 
"  or  expressions  offensive  to  piety  arid  good  manners, 
"  until  the  same  be  corrected  and  purged  by  the  said 
"  Governor  from  such  offensive  and  scandalous  pas- 
"  sages  and  expressions."  *  *  * 

Steele  adds — "  When  I  was  dispatched  by  the  then 
"  Solicitor  General,  that  learned  Gentleman  used 
"  this  expression — *  Sir,  the  King  has  here  given  you 
"  a  Freehold ;  and  if  from  it  you  can  prove  you  re- 
"  ceive  £600  a  year,  you  are  qualified  to  be  a  Knight 
"  of  any  Shire  in  England1 — the  terms  of  the  Patent 
"  were  settled  by  the  Attorney  and  Solicitor  General ; 
"  they  agreed  the  King  could  grant  it — and  however 
"  other  men  may,  for  their  own  humour  or  vanity, 
"  attempt  to  diminish  or  frustrate  this  act  of  their 
"  Master,  t  will,  to  their  teeth,  defend  it ;  and  make 
"  them  understand,  that  there  are  men,  who  are  not 
"  to  be  teased,  vexed,  worried,  calumniated  or  brow- 
"  beaten  out  of  the  Laws  of  England. 

"  But  some  have  been  pleased  to  say  in  common 
"  conversation,  that  Actors,  as  such,  are  not  within  the 
"  rules  of  the  rest  of  the  world,  as  if  they  were  among 
"  men,  like  the  Ferte  Nature  among  animals ;  and 
"  that  it  is  against  our  laws  to  tolerate  the  profession 

"  in  itself this  matter  will  appear  as  it  ought  to  do 

"  by  the  opinions  of  Pemberton,  Northey  and  Parker, 
"  (the  present  Lord  Chancellor)  who  have  been  con- 
"  suited. 

"  Femberton  says—*  I  do  not  see  that  to  act  Plays, 
"  Interludes,  or  Operas,  is  unlawful  in  itself,  either 
"  by  the  Common  La'w,  or  by  any  Statute—  it  is  tru<», 


DUKE    OF    NEWCASTLE.  IT) 

*'  to  wander  about  from  country  to  country,  as  Stage- 
"  Players,  is  forbid  by  39  El.  c.  4  —but  not  the  act- 
"  ing  of  Plays  &c.  which  may  be  used  (for  ought  I 
"  see)  as  an  innocent  recreation. 

"  *  If  the  acting  of  plays  were  unlawful  in  its  nature, 
"  and  malum  in  se  (which  I  do  not  take  it  to  be)  I 
"  do  not  see  how  the  Lord  Chamberlain,  or  any  other 
"  Officer,  or  the  King  himself,  could  give  a  Licence 
"  to  act  any  plays  &c. — but  taking  the  employment 
"  not  to  be  unlawful  in  itself,  I  conceive  the  Lord 
"  Chamberlain,  or  Master  of  the  Revels  (with  the 
"  King's  allowance)  may  authorize  any  persons  to 
"  act,  or  forbid,  and  hinder  them  from  acting,  in  any 
"  of  the  King's  Houses  or  Palaces — and  their  grants 
"  to  any  to  act  in  other  places  may  be  used  to  coun- 
"  tenance  or  give  a  popular  reputation  to  the  Come- 
"  dies  or  Plays  that  they  act — but  I  know  of  no  other 
"  effect  that  they  can  have — and  I  conceive  they  caii- 
"  not  prohibit  any  to  act  in  any  place  out  of  the 
"  King's  Palaces,  so  long  as  they  behave  themselves 
"  modestly  and  decently.'  ' 

Steele  then  gives  the  opinions  of  Northey  (the 
Attorney  General)  and  Parker ;  after  which  he  adds 
— "  The  reader  will  observe  that  my  Patent  describes 
"  very  largely  the  uses  arid  purposes  of  it,  as  well  as 
"  the  limitations  and  restrictions,  under  which  it 
"  ought  to  be  enjoyed  ;  and  there  is  no  power  can 
"  make  this  void,  or  ought  to  frustrate  it,  unless  the 
"  Patentee  or  his  Assigns,  shall  be  proved  to  trans- 
"  gress  the  limits  prescribed — in  such  case  there  is  a 
"  plain  method  of  bringing  the  offenders  before  courts 
"  of  justice  ;  arid  the  Patentee  or  those  claiming 
"  under  him,  are  there  to  stand  upon  the  defensive-- 


16  SIR    RICHARD    STEELE    AND    THE 

"  but  I  have  been  deprived  of  my  property  by  violence 
"  under  the  conduct  of  craft,  but  that  violence  has 
"  been  as  open,  and  that  craft  as  shallow  and  as  little 
"  disguised,  as  follows — without  any  cause  assigned, 
"  or  preface  declaring  by  what  authority,  a  noble 
"  Lord  sends  a  message  directed  to  Sir  Richard 
"  Steele,  Mr.  Wilks  and  Mr.  Booth  to  dismiss  Mr. 
"  Gibber ;  who  for  some  time  submitted  to  a  disa- 
"  bility  of  appearing  on  the  stage,  during  the  plea- 
"  sure  of  one  who  had  nothing  to  do  with  it — when 
"  this  lawless  will  and  pleasure  was  changed,  a  very 
"  frank  declaration  was  made,  that  all  the  mortifica- 
"  tion  put  upon  Mr.  Gibber  was  intended  only  as  a 
"  remote  beginning  of  evils  which  were  to  affect  the 
"  Patentee,  with  some  broad  intimations,  that  the 
"  force  of  the  Patent  itself  should  very  soon  be  made 

"  ineffectual  by  a  Sign  Manual under  an  amaze- 

"  ment  at  this  audacious  proceeding  against  the  vali- 
"  dity  of  a  Patent  from  the  King  on  the  throne,  and 
"  taking  myself  as  a  Parliamentary  Commissioner  to 
"  be  of  quality  to  write  to  Ministers  of  State,  espe- 
"  cially  when  it  was  only  to  implore  their  assistance 
"  and  protection,  in  order  to  avert  this  intended  out- 
"  rage  upon  the  King's  authority,  and  the  subjects' 
"  property,  I  wrote  to  two  great  Ministers  to  that 
"  purpose— but  so  great  is  the  rage  conceived  against 
"  me,  that  the  consideration  that  the  dignity  of  the 
"  King  was  offended  in  obstructing  his  grant,  could 
"  not  protect  me  from  being  ruined  against  his  laws, 
"  or  procure  the  least  notice  of  my  remonstrance— 
"  however  on  Friday  Jan.  22  I  presented  in  the  pre- 
"  sence  of  the  Lord  Chamberlain  a  petition  to  the 
«  King." 


DUKE    OF    NEWCASTLE.  17 

The  petition  states  that  Steele  was  possessed  by 
Letters  Patent  of  the  sole  government  of  a  company 
of  Comedians — that  the  Lord  Chamberlain  had  by  a 
written  order  intimidated  a  principal  Comedian  from 
acting ;  and  does  encourage  other  actors  to  disturb 
the  petitioner's  government  to  the  great  prejudice  of 
his  fortune  and  property — that  the  petitioner  is  fur- 
ther threatened  with  an  extraordinary  use  of  his 
Majesty's  power — and  that  therefore  he  most  hum- 
bly prays  he  may  not  be  any  way  molested  but  by  due 
course  of  law. 

It  was  Steele's  hard  fate  to  find  no  other  effect  of 
this  petition,  but  the  following  order  the  next  day. 

"  Whereas  by  our  royal  licence  dated  Oct.  18  1714 
"  we  did  grant  to  Richard  Steele,  Robert  Wilks, 
"  Colley  Gibber,  Thomas  Dogget  and  Barton 
"  Booth,  full  power  to  establish  a  company  of 
"  Comedians,  we,  having  since  received  informa- 
"  tion  of  great  misbeliaviours  committed  by  the 
"  company  at  D.  L.,  have  thought  proper  to  re- 
"  voke  the  said  licence,  for  the  purpose  of  reform- 
"  ing  the  Comedians,  and  for  establishing  the 
"just  and  ancient  authority  of  the  officers  of  our 
"  household,  and  more  especially  of  our  Cham- 
"  berlain  :  and  we  do  farther  (as  much  as  in  us 
"  lies  and  as  by  law  we  may)  revoke  and  make 
"  void  all  otlier  licences,  powers  and  authorities 
"  whatsoever  granted  by  us  to  the  said  Richard 
"  Steele,  Robert  Wilks,  Colley  Gibber,  Thomas 
"  Dogget  and  Barton  Booth,  or  to  any  of  them 
"  severally." 

Steele  proceeds — "  I  must  here  acknowledge  that 

VOL.   III.  C 


18  SIR    RICHARD   STEELE    AND   THE 

"  the  sense  of  the  Chamberlain's  former  patronage 
"  made  me  write  him  a  letter  in  the   theatre   much 
"  below  the  justice  of  my  cause,  and  that  manhood 
"  which  right  and  equity  ought  to  have  supported  me  , 
"  in,  against  injury  and  oppression ;  but  since  this 
"  was  received  as  it  was,  I  shall  seek  redress  by  ap- 
"  plication  to  the  King  in  Council,  or  by  due  course 
"  of  law — the   reader   will  observe   that  the  order 
"  mentions  licences,  powers  and  authorities,  to  the 
"  persons  named  therein,  and  then  obliquely  aims  at 
"  the  Patentee  in  the  words,  or  to  any  of  them  sever- 
"  ally,  but  not  a  word  of  Grant  or  Patent,  which  was 
"  vested  only  in  Steele,  and  which  would  not  have 
"  agreed  with  the  just  and  gracious  words,  as  much 
"  as  in  us  lies  and  as  by  law  we  may. 

"  Under  this  thin  disguise,  and  by  misleading  the 
"  King  by  the  words  of  reserve  against  any  unlawful 
"  molestation  to  be  done  me,  the  Lord  Chamberlain 
"  took  upon  him  immediately  after,  to  send  the  fol- 
"  lowing  order  to  the  Managers  of  the  Playhouse, 
"  with  which  they  were  intimidated,  to  forbear  to  act 
"  any  longer  under  my  jurisdiction,  or  pay  me  any 
"  money  for  the  future,  in  contempt  of  our  former 
"  contracts  and  agreements. 

"  Whereas  his  Majesty  has  thought  Jit  by  his  Let- 
"  ters  of  Revocation  bearing  date  the  23d  day  of 
"  Jan.  1719*  (for  divers  weighty  reasons  therein 
"  contained)  to  revoke  his  Royal  Licence.  For 
"  the  prevention  of  any  future  misbehaviour,  in 
"  obedience  to  his  Majesty's  commands,  I  do  by 

*  O.  S. 


DUKE    OF    NEWCASTLE.  19 

,  "  virtue  of  my  office  of  Chamberlain  of  his 
"  Majesty's  Household,  hereby  discharge  you  the 
"  said  Managers  and  Comedians  at  the  said 
"  Theatre  in  D.  L.  in  Covent  Garden,  from 
"farther  acting.  Given  under  my  hand  and  seal 

"  this  Q5th  day  of  Jan.  1719-* To  the  Gen- 

"  tlemen  managing  the  Company  of  Comedians 
"  at  the  Theatre  in  D.  L.  in  Covent  Garden, 
"  and  to  all  the  Comedians  and  Actors  there.1* 

Steele  estimates  his  loss  at  £9800 — he  concludes 

the  state  of  his  case  thus "  But  it  is  apparent  the 

"  King  is  grossly  and  shamelessly  injured  *  *  *  I 
"  never  did  one  act  to  provoke  this  attempt,  nor  does 
"  the  Chamberlain  pretend  to  assign  any  direct  rea- 
"  son  of  forfeiture,  but  openly  and  wittingly  declares 
"  he  will  ruin  Steele — which  is  in  a  man  of  his  cir- 
"  cumstances  against  one  in  mine,  as  great  as  the 
"  humour  of  Malagene  in  the  Comedy  t  who  values 
"  himself  upon  his  activity  in  tripping  up  cripples 
"  *  *  *  the  Lord  Chamberlain  and  many  others  may 
"  perhaps  have  done  more  for  the  House  of  Hanover 
"  than  I  have,  but  I  am  the  only  man  in  his  Majesty's 
"  dominions  who  did  all  he  could" 

The  Theatre  was  re-opened  on  the  28th  of  Jan.— 
Wilks,  Gibber  and  Booth  submitted  to  the  Duke  of 
Newcastle,  and  this  lawful  Monarch  of  the  Stage,  (as 
Dennis  is  pleased  to  call  him)  no  doubt  readily  grant- 
ed them  a  license — the  London  Journal  for  March 
5th  says — "  Yesterday  morning  the  King's  Company 
"  of  Comedians,  belonging  to  the  Playhouse  in 


O.  S.  f    Friendship  in  Fashion, 

c  2 


20  SIR    RICHARD    STEELE    AND    THE 

"  D.  L.,  were  sworn  at  the  Lord  Chamberlain's  Office 
"  at  White-hall,  pursuant  to  an  Order  occasioned  by 
"  their  acting  in  obedience  to  his  Majesty's  Licence, 
"  lately  granted,  exclusive  of  a  Patent  formerly  ob- 
"  talned  by  Sir  Richard  Steele  Knight — the  tenor  of 
"  the  oath  was,  that,  as  his  Majesty's  Servants,  they 
"  should  act  subservient  to  the  Lord  Chamberlain, 
"  Vice  Chamberlain,  and  Gentleman  Usher  in  wait- 
"  ing." 

The  Daily  Post  for  May  2d  1?21  says—"  We 
* c  hear  Sir  Richard  Steele  is  restored  to  his  place  of 
"  Comptroller  of  D.  L,"—  (B.  M.}— Steele's  resto- 
ration was  owing  to  the  interference  of  his  friend 
Mr.  Walpole,  who  had  just  been  made  Chancellor 
of  the  Exchequer — (f>r.  Drake] — it  does  not  appear 

what  legal  steps  Steele  took  to  obtain  redress as 

the  validity  of  the  Patent  and  the  authority  of  the 
Lord  Chamberlain  had  been  fairly  at  issue,  it  would 
have  been  most  desirable  to  have  had  the  question 
fully  argued  in  a  Court  of  Law. 

It  is  very  remarkable  that  Gibber  should  not  say  a 
syllable  about  this  business,  tho'  he  was  so  particu- 
larly concerned  in  it — as  he  professed  to  publish  an 
apology  for  his  life  and  to  write  a  history  of  the  stage 
while  he  was  on  it,  it  was  shabby  in  him  to  sink  so 
important  a  transaction did  he  think  his  own  con- 
duct wrong,  or  was  he  afraid  to  speak  out? 

The  only  thing  which  can  be  said  in  vindication  of 
Gibber's  silence,  is  by  supposing  that  the  Duke  of 
Newcastle  was  instrumental  in  getting  Gibber  ap- 
pointed Poet  Laureat — which  might  probably  be  the 
case. 


DUKE    OF    NEWCASTLE. 


The  Theatre. 

On  Jan.  2  1719-20  Sir  Richard  Steele,  under 
the  assumed  name  of  Sir  John  Edgar,  published  the 
1st  number  of  a  paper  called  the  Theatre — it  was 
proposed  to  continue  these  papers  every  Tuesday 
and  Saturday. 

The  original  numbers  are  preserved  in  the  British 
Museum,  but  no  light  is  thrown  on  the  dispute  by 
any  Manuscript  observations. 

No.  8.  Jan.  26.  states  that  when  the  Duke  of  New- 
castle became  Chamberlain,  he  sent  for  Steele  and 
the  other  sharers  in  the  Patent,  and  in  an  absolute 
manner  offered  them  a  License  and  demanded  a  re- 
signation of  the  Patent,  which  Steele  as  absolutely 
refused — thus  the  matter  rested  for  many  months, 
and  the  next  molestation  they  received  was  an  order 
to  dismiss  Gibber — this  order  they  obeyed  j  but  Steele 
remonstrated  by  a  letter  to  the  Duke. 

No.  11.  Feb.  6.  On  Steele — in  answer  to  a 
pamphlet  entitled  "  The  characters  and  conduct  of 
"  Sir  John  Edgar,  called  by  himself  sole  Monarch  of 
"  the  stage  in  D.  L.  and  his  three  Deputy  Governors 
"  — in  two  letters  to  Sir  John  Edgar." 

On  Feb.  10.  Gibber  advertised  in  the  Daily  Post 
£10  reward  for  the  discovery  of  the  author  "  of  the 
"  character  and  conduct  of  Sir  John  Edgar." 

No.  12.  Feb.  9-  On  Dennis  author  of  the  Pamphlet 
on  Sir  John  Edgar. 

No.  14  states  that  Dryden's  Cleomenes  and  Howe's 
Jane  Shore,  when  they  complained  of  famine,  re- 


22  SIR  RICHARD  STEELE,    &c. 

ceived  offers  of  relief  by  bread  thrown  on  the  stage 
from  the  Upper  Gallery. 

The  28th  and  last  number  of  the  Theatre  was 
published  April  5th. 

The  two  letters  to  Sir  John  Edgar  are  dated  Jan. 
23  1719-20 — they  do  Dennis  no  credit — his  passion 
for  the  supposed  injustice  done  to  him  by  the  laying 
aside  of  Coriolanus  (see  D.  L.  Nov.  11  1719)  had 
not  yet  subsided — at  p.  15  he  accuses  Gibber  of  gross 
impiety — probably  without  reason — his  attack  on 
Gibber  for  gaming,  and  on  Steele  for  want  of  oaco- 
nomy,  was  well  founded,  but  still  Dennis  had  no 
right  to  interfere  with  their  private  characters — he 
should  have  confined  his  remarks  to  their  theatrical 
conduct— the  most  remarkable  passages  in  these  let- 
ters are  as  follow — "Actors  in  England  have 
"  always  been  look'd  upon  as  vagabonds  and  rogues 
"  by  Statute ;  unless  they  have  been  under  the  pro- 
"  tection  of  our  Kings,  or  of  some  of  our  English 
"  Peers — yet  in  this  last  case,  I  have  been  credibly 
"  inform'd,  that,  for  great  misdemeanors,  they  have 
"  been  sent  to  Whitehall,  and  whipt  at  the  Porter's 
"  Lodge — and  I  have  heard  Jo  Haines  more  than 
"  once  ingenuously  own,  that  he  had  been  whipt 
"  twice  there."* 

"  If  Gibber,  in  the  days  of  King  James,  or  King 
"  Charles  the  First,  had  dar'd  to  treat  a  Lord  Cham- 
"  berlain  with  half  the  insolence  that  he  has  latelv 

tf 

"  done  the  present,  his  bones  would  have  been  as 
"  bloody,  as  his  head  is  raw." 

Here  we  have  Dennis  pleading  for  arbitrary  power, 


*   Haines  perhaps  only  meant  what  he  said  as  a  hoax. 


OF  THE  MASTER  OF  THE  REVELS. 

tho*  he  affected  to  be  a  staunch  advocate  for  liberty— 
Steele  might  have  replied  to  Dennis,  as  Brutus  does 
to  Cassius— 

"  You  wrong'd  yourself,  to  write  in  such  a  case.' 

Nichols  in  1791  reprinted,  in  2  vols.  all  the  papers 
and  pamphlets,  which  were  written  on  occasion  of 
the  dispute  between  Steele  and  the  Duke  of  New- 
castle— the  greater  part  of  them,  by  far,  is  very  dull. 


OF  THE  MASTER  OF  THE  REVELS. 

Chalmers  in  his  Apology  for  the  Believers  in  the 
Shakspeare-Papers,  has  a  chapter  on  the  Master  of 
the  Revels — he  says — "  if  we  look  into  the  King's 
"  household  of  early  times,  for  the  superintendant 
"  of  the  royal  pastimes,  we  shall  see  an  officer  of 
"  high  dignity  and  extensive  power,  who  was  called, 
"  in  all  formal  proceedings,  Camerarius  Hospitii,  and 
"  is  named  in  the  act  of  precedency  the  King's 
"  Chamberlain — this  great  officer,  who  is  called  in 
"  modern  times  the  Lord  Chamberlain,  had  the  su- 
"  perintendence  and  government  of  the  King's  hunting 
"  and  revels,  of  the  comedians,  musicians,  and  other 
"  royal  servants,  appointed  either  for  use  or  recrea- 
"  tion  j  he  was  of  course  by  the  original  constitution 
"  of  his  office  the  real  Master  of  the  Revels,  the 


24  OF  THE  MASTER  OF  THE  REVELS. 

"  great  director  of  the  sports  of  the  court  by  night, 
"  as  well  as  of  the  sports  of  the  field  by  day— 
"  the  office  of  Master  of  the  Revels  was  created  in 
"  1546 — he  had  a  salary  of  £10  per  ann. — the 
"  Yeoman  of  the  Revels  had  £9  :  2s.  :  6d. — eight 
"  Players  of  Interludes  had  each  of  them  £3  :  6s. :  8d." 

"  Sir  Henry  Herbert  was  appointed  Master  of  the 
"  Revels  by  Charles  the  1st ;  he  exercised  unbounded 
"  authority  over  the  drama  till  the  civil  wars,  when, 
"  with  the  suppression  of  the  stage,  his  authority 
"  ceased — at  the  Restoration  he  resumed  his  former 
"  jurisdiction,  but  found  that  the  recent  times  had 
"  given  men  new  habits  of  reasoning,  notions  of 
"  privilege  and  propensities  to  resistance — he  applied 
"  to  the  courts  of  justice  for  redress;  but  the  verdicts 
"  of  juries  were  contradictory;  he  appealed  to  the 
"  ruler  of  the  state,  but  without  receiving  redress  or 
"  exciting  sympathy — like  other  disputed  jurisdictions 
"  the  authority  of  the  Master  of  the  Revels  continued 
"to  be  oppressive,  till  the  Revolution  taught  new 
"  lessons  to  all  parties." 

Gifford  in  a  note  to  the  Alchemist  p.  34  says — 
"  the  Masters  of  the  Revels  were  tasteless  and 
"  officious  tyrants,  who  acted  with  little  discrimina- 
"  tion,  and  were  always  more  ready  to  prove  their 
"  authority  than  their  judgment — the  most  hateful 
"  of  them  was  Sir  Henry  Herbert." 

Thomas  Killegrew,  the  Patentee  of  the  King's 
Company,  succeeded  Sir  Henry  Herbert  as  Master 
of  the  Revels  in  1673— he  died  in  March  1682-3, 
and  was  succeeded  as  Master  of  the  Revels  by 
Charles  Killegrew,  who  continued  in  office  till  Jan. 
1724-5.  (Chalmers.) 


OF  THE    MASTER  OF  THE  REVELS.  25 

To  this  man  did  Gibber,  when  he  had  finished  his 
Richard  the  3d,  apply  for  a  license — Killegrew  ex- 
punged the  whole  first  act,  without  sparing  a  line 
of  it — he  alleged  that  the  distresses  of  Henry  6th 
would  put  people  too  much  in  mind  of  King 
James. 

There  is  no  part  of  Gibber's  Apology  less  excep- 
tionable than  this,  in  which  he  merely  repeats  the 
objection  of  the  Licenser ;  yet  Chalmers,  in  a  note 
p.  535,  after  quoting  it,  observes  with  a  sneer — 
"  well  might  Pope  cry  out,  modest  Gibber." 

In  1714-1715,  Steele  and  his  associates  in  the 
Patent  considered  themselves  as  sole  judges  of  the 
plays  proper  to  be  acted  in  their  theatre — but  on 
their  acting  a  new  play,  the  Master  of  the  Revels 
demanded  his  usual  fee  of  forty  shillings,  tho'  they 
had  spared  him  the  trouble  of  perusing  it ;  this  occa- 
sioned Gibber  to  be  deputed  to  him,  to  inquire  into 
the  right  of  his  demand,  and  to  settle  the  matter 
amicably — Gibber,  who  in  1700  had  smarted  se- 
verely under  the  insolence  of  office,  was  not  sorry  to 
undertake  the  business ;  he  told  the  Master  of  the 
Revels,  that  he  came  not  to  defend  even  their  own 
right  in  prejudice  to  his ;  that  if  their  Patent  had 
inadvertently  superseded  the  grant  of  any  former 
Patent  or  Warrant,  whereon  he  might  ground  his 
pretensions,  they  would  not  insist  upon  their  broad 
seal,  but  would  readily  answer  his  demands  upon 
sight  of  such  his  warrant,  any  thing  in  their  Patent 
to  the  contrary  notwithstanding ;  this  Gibber  thought 
he  could  not  do,  and  when  he  found  Killegrew  made 
no  direct  reply  to  his  question,  he  repeated  it  with 
greater  civilities  and  offers  of  compliance,  till  he  was 


26  OF  THE  MASTER  OF  THE  REVELS. 

forced  in  the  end  to  conclude  with  telling  him,  that 
as  his  pretensions  were  not  backed  with  any  visible 
instrument  of  right,  and  as  his  strongest  plea  was 
custom,  they  could  not  so  far  extend  their  complai- 
sance, as  to  continue  his  fees  upon  so  slender  a 
claim  to  them — and  from  that  time  neither  their 
plays  or  his  fees,  gave  either  party  any  farther 
trouble.  (Gibber.) 

Chalmers  observes,  "  It  is  amusing  to  hear,  how 
"  this  flippant  negotiator  explained  his  own  preten- 
"  sions  and  attempted  to  invalidate  the  right  of  his 
"  opponent;  as  if  a  subsequent  charter,  under  the 
"  great  seal,  could  supersede  a  preceding  grant  under 
"  the  same  authority  :  Charles  Killegrew,  who  was 
"  now  65  years  of  age,  seems  to  have  been  oppressed 
"  with  the  insolent  civility  of  Colley  Gibber." 

Chalmers  may  possibly  be  right  as  to  the  point  of 
law,  yet  it  would  have  been  a  satisfaction  to  com- 
mon readers,  if  he  had  favoured  us  with  that  parti- 
cular clause  in  Killegrew's  grant,  which  gave  him  an 
exclusive  and  irrevocable  right  to  prohibit  any  play 
from  being  acted  without  his  license — if  Charles  Kil- 
legrew really  possessed  a  paramount  legal  authority 
from  which  even  the  Crown  could  not  emancipate 
the  Patentees  of  D.  L.,  his  behaviour  towards  Gibber 
in  1714-1715  was  as  pusillanimous,  as  it  had  been 
dictatorial  in  1700 — Gibber's  conduct  on  this  occa- 
sion does  him  great  credit,  and  is  very  far  from 
meriting  the  sarcasm  bestowed  on  it  by  Chalmers. 

As  Chalmers  is  so  much  inclined  to  censure 
Gibber,  it  would  have  been  but  fair  in  him  to  have 
pointed  out  distinctly  what  Killegrew's  right  was, 
and  what  legal  redress  he  would  probably  have  met 


OF  THE  MASTER  OF  THE  REVELS.  <^ 

with  in  a  court  of  law,  if  he  had  brought  an  action 
against  the  Patentees  of  D.  L.  for  acting  a  play  with- 
out his  license  and  for  refusing  to  pay  him  his  accus- 
tomed fee — unless  Killegrew's  claim  was  clearly  legal 
Gibber  could  not  possibly  have  been  guilty  of  inso- 
lent civility,  in  declining  to  comply  with  it. 

Tho*  Steele  and  his  associates  earned  their  point 
against  the  Master  of  the  Revels,  yet  it  must  be  con- 
fessed that  the  clause  in  the  Patent  on  which  they 
founded  their  exemption  is  not  worded  so  much  in 
their  favour  as  might  be  wished — indeed  it  does  not 
differ  materially  from  a  similar  clause  in  Davenant's 
Patent. 

A  question  naturally  arises,  how  did  Rich  act  on 
this  occasion?  We  should  have  been  obliged  to 
Chalmers  if  he  had  given  us  some  information  on 
this  point— but  he  seems  not  to  have  paid  this  part 
of  his  subject  the  attention  which  it  deserved — he 
only  says  in  a  vague  manner,  that  the  Master  of  the 
Revels,  after  Gibber's  polite  altercation  with  him, 
reviewed  no  more  plays. 

In  1725,  Charles  Henry  Lee  succeeded  Killegrew 
as  Master  of  the  Revels  :  during  19  years  he  exer- 
cised such  authority  as  was  not  opposed,  arid  received 
such  fees  as  were  willingly  paid. 

By  the  Licensing  Act  the  power  which  the  Lord 
Chamberlain  possessed  before  the  appointment  of  the 
Master  of  the  Revels  was  restored  to  him — the  act 
neither  noticed  nor  alluded  to  the  Master  of  the 
Revels,  any  more  than  if  he  had  not  existed — such 
was  the  early  origin,  the  irregular  progress  and  ob- 
scure demise  of  the  Master  of  the  Revels!  (C/utl- 
mers.) 


28  L.  i.  F.  1719-1720. 

Exit  Tyrannus — unfortunately  we  cannot  add, 
Regum  Dramaticorum  ultimus — by  the  Licensing 
Act  King  Log  was  changed  into  a  water-snake,  to  the 
discomfiture  of  the  poor  frogs. 

Chalmers  gives  a  circumstantial  account  of  all  the 
persons,  who  successively  held  the  invidious  office  of 
Master  of  the  Revels — his  account  would  have  been 
vastly  more  interesting,  if  he  had  distinctly  pointed 
out  the  limits  of  that  authority,  which  the  Masters  of 
the  Revels  and  the  Lord  Chamberlains  had  over 
players  and  plays,  according  to  law — a  statement  of 
the  more  flagrant  instances  in  which  they  had  ex- 
ceeded those  limits,  would  have  been  a  most  valu- 
able addition  to  the  information,  which  he  has 
given  us. 

Chalmers  says — "  Charles  Killegrew  was  born  in 
"  1650,  but  of  what  parentage  I  could  not  learn  in 
"  the  college  of  the  heralds" — Charles  Killegrew  pre- 
sented a  petition  to  Queen  Anne  stating  that  his 
father's  right  of  the^Patent  had  been  vested  in  him 
for  the  last  27  years — (Dramatic  Censor  for  1811.) 


L.  I.  F.  1719-1720. 

Oct.  2.  Henry  4th.     Worcester  =  Boheme  :  Poins 

C.  Bullock. 

13.  Macbeth.     Lady  Macbeth  =.  Mrs.   Bullock  : 


L.  i.  F.  1719-1720.  29 

Witches  =  Bullock,  C.  Bullock,  and  Griffin:  Mur- 
derers =  Spiller  and  Harper. 

Daily  Courant  Sep.  24.  For  Harper's  bt.  at  Bid- 
lock's  booth  in  the  Birdcage  Alley  (probably  at  South- 
wark  Fair)  the  Jew  of  Venice,  with  songs  and  dances, 
and  the  Drunken  Man  by  Harper. 

15.  Twin  Rivals.     Elder  Wou'dbe  =  Ryan. 

17.  Hamlet.  Hamlet  =  Ryan  :  King  =  Quin  : 
Horatio  =  Leigh  :  Osrick  =  C.  Bullock  :  Gravedigger 
=  Bullock  :  Sexton  =  Spiller. 

22.  Never  acted  there,  Quaker's  Wedding,  or  the 
Passionate  Mistress — acted  5  times — this  was  only 
Vice  Reclaimed,  or  the  Passionate  Mistress  with  a 
new  title. 

26.  Tunbridge  Walks.  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Biggs  1st 
appearance  there. 

31.  Sir  Walter  Raleigh.  Lady  Raleigh  =  Mrs. 
Giffard. 

Nov.  5.  Royal  Merchant,  Clause  =  Quin  :  Prigg 
=  C.  Bullock. 

7«  Never  acted,  Henry  4th  of  France.  King  = 
Quin  :  Prince  of  Conde  =  Ryan :  Duke  of  Vendosme 
=  Leigh :  Duke  of  Bouillon  =  Ogden :  Pope's  Nuntio 
=  C.  Bullock  :  French  Bishop  =  Boheme  :  Montmo- 
rency  =  Harper  :  Ravilliac  =  Egleton  :  Charlotta  = 
Mrs.  Bullock  :  Louisa  =  Mrs.  Biggs  : — acted  4  times 
—at  the  opening  of  the  play  Charlotta  is  just  married 
to  the  Prince  of  Conde — she  was  compelled  by  her 
father  to  marry  him — she  is  beloved  by  the  King,  and 
in  love  with  him — at  the  end  of  the  4th  act  she  tells 
the  King  that  she  is  married  to  the  Prince,  which  he 
did  not  know  before — the  Prince  had  become  jealous 
—he  poisons  his  wife — she  had  not  granted  the  King 


30  L  i.  F.  1719-1720. 

any  improper  liberties — the  Duke  of  Vendosme  is 
the  King's  natural  son — he  and  the  Duke  of  Bouillon 
are  friends,  and  both  of  them  in  love  with  Louisa— 
at  the  conclusion,  the  Duke  of  Bouillon  resigns  his 
pretensions  to  her — the  Nuntio,  the  Bishop  and  the 
Priests  excite  Ravilliac  to  murder  the  King — he  does 
so  in  the  last  scene — this  is  a  poor  T.  by  Beckingham 
—the  language  is  indifferent — the  characters  of  the 
King,  and  the  Ecclesiasticks  are  not  happily  hit  off— 
a  great  part  of  the  play  consists  of  uninteresting  love 
scenes — in  reality  the  King  strongly  promoted  the 
marriage  of  the  Prince  of  Conde  with  the  daughter 
of  the  Constable  Montmorency — it  was  attended  with 
so  many  circumstances  of  extraordinary  favour  for 
the  young  princess,  as  afforded  much  matter  of  spe- 
culation— the  Prince  after  some  time  became  dis- 
tracted with  jealousy,  and  withdrew  his  wife  from 
court — her  death  by  poison  seems  to  be  fiction — see 
Modern  Universal  History  vol.  21  p.  p.  131-137-138 
— for  a  more  particular  account  see  Sully's  Memoirs. 

13.  Love  for  Love.     Tattle  =  Pack  :  Foresight  = 
Griffin  :    Sir    Sampson  =  Bullock  :    Miss   Prue  = 
Miss  Stone. 

14.  Invader  of  his  Country,  or  the  Fall  of  Corio- 
lanus — written  by  Shakspeare. 

16.  Hamlet.     Ghost  =  Boheme  :    Queen  =  Mrs. 
Giffard. 

17.  Pilgrim.     Pedro  =  C.  Bullock :  Alphonso  = 
Griffin. 

23.  Committee.     Teague  =  Harper  :  Mrs.  Day  = 
Mrs.  Giffard. 

24.  Squire  of  Alsatia.      Sir  Edward  Belfond  = 
Quin. 


L.  i.  F.   1719-1720.  31 

26.  Never  acted,  the  Pretenders.     Col.  Lovely  = 
Ryan  :  Lord  George  Belmour  =  Leigh  :  Bardach  = 
C.  Bullock  :  Sir  Politick  Noodle  (a  country  justice) 
=  Bullock:  Capt.  Hackit  =Spiller:  Sir  Vanity  Half- 
wit =  Pack :  Grogram  (a  mercer)  =  Harper :  Varnish 
=  Egleton:  Lucinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock:  Melissa  =  Mrs. 
Spiller :  Lady  Jane  (sister  to  Lovely)  =  Miss  Stone  : 
Spleen  (woman  to  Lucinda)  =  Mrs.  Giffard :  Vapours 
(woman    to    Melissa)  =  Mrs.    Robertson  : — acted 
about  7  times — Lucinda  is  a  young  rich  widow — she 
affects  to  have  no  fortune — Capt.  Hackit,  Grogram 
and  Varnish  are  Pretenders  or  suitors  to  her — Col. 
Lovely  and  Lord  George  are  also  in  love  with  her — 
she  is  in  love  with  the  Colonel — Melissa,  out  of  spite, 
wishes  to  create  a  difference  between  them — for  this 
purpose  she  writes  a  letter  in  Lovely's  name,  and  gets 
Bardach  to  drop  it  in  Lucinda's  apartment — Lucinda 
is  offended  at  the  contents  of  the  letter — Lovely  and 
Lord  George  are  great  friends — they  quarrel  about 
Lucinda  and  fight — the  Colonel  is  disarmed — Lucinda, 
who  is  at  that  time  in  boy's  clothes,  discovers  herself 
to  them — Lord  George  resigns  her  to  Lovely — and  at 
the  conclusion  marries  Lady  Jane — Melissa  in  the 
dark  marries  Sir  Politick  Noodle — she  supposes  him 
to  be  Sir  Vanity  Halfwit — he  supposes  her  to  be 
Lucinda — Capt.  Hackit  marries  Vapours — he  sup- 
poses her  to  be  Melissa — Sir  Vanity  is  going  to  marry 
Spleen — Varnish  enters  lighted  by  Betty — and  Sir 
Vanity  discovers  that  Spleen  is  not  Melissa — Bardach, 
an  effeminate  footman  is  the  best  character — this  is 
a  moderate  C.  by  John  Leigh  the  actor — when  it  was 
printed,  it  was  called  Kensington  Gardens,  or  the 
Pretenders — the  author  had  probably  found  out  that 


32  L.  i.  F.  1719-1720. 

there  was  already  a  C.  called  the  Pretenders  — it  ap- 
pears from  the  dedication  that  a  subscription  had 
been  raised  for  the  support  of  L.  I.  F. — the  Prologue 
to  the  Lady's  Triumph  is  addressed  to  the  Subscribers 

—Leigh  says  to  Lord  Brooke — "  the  noble  example 
"  you  have  shown,  in  being  the  first  subscriber  to- 
"  wards  the  support  of  our  theatre,  obliges  me  in 
"  gratitude  to  lay  my  scenes  at  your  feet." 

Dec.  10.  Richard  the  2d  with  new  scenes  and  habits 

—on  the  9th  it  was  said  N.B.  the  company  is  obliged 
to  lie  still  to  day  for  a  practice  of  the  Tragedy — 
Richard  2d  =  Ryan  :  York  =  Boheme  :  Aumerle  = 
Smith  :  Bolingbroke  =  Leigh  :  Bishop  of  Carlisle  = 
C.  Bullock :  Northumberland  =  Ogden :  Salisbury  = 
Egleton:  Queen  =  Mrs.  Bullock:  Lady  Piercyn  Mrs. 
Spiller  : — acted  7  times — this  is  Shakspeare's  play 
altered  by  Theobald,  who,  with  the  exception  of  some 
speeches  which  he  has  judiciously  transposed,  omits 
the  1st  and  2d  acts  of  the  original  play — he  lays  the 
scene  the  whole  time  at,  or  before,  the  Tower. 

Act  1.  After  some  discourse  between  York,  Au- 
merle &c.  the  King  enters — in  Shakspeare,  Richard 
on  his  landing  from  Ireland  says— 

"  Dear  earth  I  do  salute  thee  with  my  hand  "  &c. 

this  is  natural  enough — but  in  Theobald,  he  travels 
from  Wales  to  the  Tower,  and  then  says — "  Dear 
"  earth  "  &c. — which  is  absurd — but  absurdities  are 
pitfalls  into  which  the  improvers  of  Shakspeare  are 
pretty  sure  to  tumble — the  scene  proceeds  nearly  as 
in  the  original  3d  act,  till  towards  the  conclusion,  and 
then  the  Queen  and  Lady  Piercy  enter. 

Act  2d  begins  with  a  contemptible"  love  dialogue 


L.  i.  F.  1719-1720.  33 

between  Aumerle  and  Lady  Piercy,  Northumberland's 
daughter — the  next  scene  lies  before  the  outside  of 
the  Tower,  and  does  not  differ  materially  from  Shak- 
speare's  scenes  before  Flint  Castle  and  in  the  wilds 
of  Glostershire. 

Act  3d.  Salisbury  gives  the  Bishop  of  Carlisle  an 
account  of  Bolingbroke's  reception  in  London,  as 
York  does  to  his  Duchess  in  Shakspeare — we  have 
then  a  scene  between  the  King  and  Queen,  in  which 
he  says — 

"  We'll  make  foul  weather  with  despised  tears ; 
"  They,  and  our  sighs  shall  lodge  the  summer 

"  corn, 
"  And  make  a  dearth  in  this  revolting  land." 

—the  act  concludes  with  the  Parliament  scene  not 
materially  altered. 

Act  4th.  We  have  another  love  scene  between  Au- 
merle and  Lady  Piercy— in  taking  out  his  handker- 
chief he  drops  a  parchment,  which,  after  the  departure 
of  the  lovers,  Northumberland  reads,  and  thereby 
discovers  the  conspiracy — the  King  and  Queen  have 
another  interview — Northumberland  gives  Boling- 
broke  the  parchment — York  on  being  asked  his 
opinion  condemns  the  conspirators,  but  finding  that 
Aumerle  is  one  of  them,  he  pleads  for  him. 

Act  5th.  Lady  Piercy  intreats  her  father  to  interfere 
in  Aumerle's  favour — he  refuses — and  she  makes  her 
exit  with  a  rant — Aumerle  &c.  enter  as  to  execution 
—the  King  and  Queen  are  discovered — Northumber- 
land enters  and  after  some  discourse  calls  for  a  guard 
— p^rt_of_them  hurry  away  the  Queen — the  King 

VOL.  III.  ~~D 


34-  L-  i.  F    1719-1720. 

snatches  a  sword,  kills  two  of  them,  and  in  the  scuffle 
is  killed  hy  Exton. 

Bolingbroke,  Northumberland  &c.  enter — 

Bol.   What  noise  of  tumult  did  invade  our 

ears  ? 
Ha !  Richard  !  how  came  this  ? 

King.  Question  it  not  ; 

Content,  that  all  thy  fears  with  me  lie  bury'd  : 
UnrivaPd,  wear  the  crown.     O  Isabella  I   (dies.) 

(a  screaming  within.') 
Bol.  What  new  assault  of  horror  wounds  us 

thus? 
Ross.  The  beauteous  Piercy,  with  a  desp'rate 

hand, 

Hearing  Aumerle  was  dead,  a  secret  dagger 
Drew  from  her  side,  and  plung'd  it  in  her  breast. 
North.  My  daughter !    Fate  pursues  my  guilt 
too  fast.  (exit.) 

— York  enters,  and,  finding  the  King  dead,  kills  him- 
self—Bolingbroke  concludes  the  play  with  a  sentiment, 
which  any  body  else  would  have  delivered  with  more 
propriety  than  himself — 

"  Tho'  vengeance  may  a  while  withhold  her  hand, 
"  A  King's  blood,  unatoned,  must  curse  the  land." 

Theobald's  additions  are  flat  and  his  alteration  on 
the  whole  is  a  very  bad  one  ;  but  considerably  more 
than  half  of  this  play  is  Shakspeare's — Theobald  does 
not  seem  to  have  borrowed  any  thing  from  Tate — in 
his  preface  he  says — "  I  have  made  some  innovations 
"  upon  History  and  Shakspeare ;  as  in  bringing 


L.  r.  F.   1719-1720.  ,  35 

"  Richard  and  Bolingbroke  to  meet  first  at  the  Tower, 
"  keeping  York  steady  to  the  interest  of  the  King, 
"  heightening  Aumerle's  character  in  making  him  die 
"  for  the  cause,  and  in  dispatching  Richard  at  the 
"  Tower,  who,  indeed,  was  murther'd  at  Pontefract 
"  Castle  —  in  these  and  such  instances  I  think  there 
"  may  be  reserved  a  discretionary  power  of  variation, 
"  either  for  maintaining  the  unity  of  action.,  or  sup- 
"  porting  the  dignity  of  the  characters  —  if  the  little 
"  Critics  will  be  angry  at  this,  I  have  patience  to 
"  weather  their  ill  nature  :  I  shall  stand  excus'd  among 
"  the  better  judges, 

-  "  Dabiturque  licentia  sumpta  pudenter" 

The  little  Critics  might  have  replied,  but  not  im- 
pudenter  in  the  way  you  have  taken  it. 

Dec.  28.  Bullock's  bt.   Royal  Merchant.     Clause 


Jan.  7-  Cymbeline,  or  the  Fatal  Wager.  Cymbe- 
line  =  Leigh  :  Ursaces  =  Ryan  :  Shatillion  =  C.  Bul- 
lock :  Pisanio  =  Boheme  :  Cloten  =  H.  Bullock  : 
Bellarius  —  Ogden  :  Palladore  =  Egleton  :  Arviragus 
—  Smith  :  Jachimo  =  Spiller  :  Lucius  —  Diggs  :  Queen 
=  Mrs.  Giffard  :  Eugenia  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Clarinna 
=  Mrs.  Gulick. 

9.  Sir  Walter  Raleigh  and,  never  acted,  a  Farce  in 
one  act  called  the  Hypochondriack.  This  seems  to 
have  been  merely  an  alteration  of  the  Humours  of 
Purgatory  ;  in  the  D.  P.  of  which  Farce  Don  Lopez 
is  described  as  the  Hypochondriack  —  see  Feb.  8  1720. 

11.  Never  acted,  a  Farce  in  3  acts  called  the  Half- 
Pay  Officers  —  a  principal  part  to  be  performed  by 
Peg  Fryer,  it  being  the  first  time  of  her  appearance 


36  L.I.  F.   1719-1720. 

on  any  stage  since  the  reign  of  King  Charles  the  2d 
— to  which  will  be  added,  a  new  Farce  called  Hob's 
Wedding  in  2  acts,  being  the  sequel  to  the  Country 
Wake — with  entertainments  of  dancing  by  Mrs. 
Fryer,  particularly  the  Bashful  Maid  and  an  Irish 
Trot — there  are  no  characters  in  the  bill — but  in  the 
2d>  edition  of  the  Half-Pay  Officers,  printed  in  1720, 
they  stand  thus — Bellayr  —  Ryan  :  Fluellin  rr  Griffin  : 
Culverin  =  Spiller :  Meagre  =  C.  Bullock :  Loadham 
=  Harper  :  Jasper  =  Boheme :  Mac  Morris  —  H.  Bul- 
lock :  Widow  Rich  =  Mrs.  Vandervelt :  Benedict  = 
Mrs.  Bullock  :  Charlotte  =  Miss  Stone  :  Jane  =  Mrs. 
Robertson  : — this  F.  is  attributed  to  Molloy,  he  says 
in  the  preface  "  the  part  of  Mrs.  Fryer  is  in  an  old 
"  play,  called  Love  and  Honour,  which  she  acted 
"  when  she  was  young,  and  which  was  so  imprinted 
"  in  her  memory,  she  could  repeat  it  every  word  ; 
"  and  it  was  to  an  accidental  conversation  with  her, 
"  this  Farce  owed  its  being  ;  she  acted  with  so  much 
"  spirit  and  life,  before  two  or  three  persons  who  had 
"  some  interest  with  the  house,  that  we  judged  it 
"  would  do  upon  the  stage  ;  she  was  prevailed  upon 
"  to  undertake  it  j  upon  which  this  Farce  was  imme- 
"  diately  projected  and  finished  in  14  days." 

Mrs.  Vandervelt  and  Mrs.  Fryer  appear  to  have 
been  the  same  person,  and  one  would  suppose  by  the 
manner  in  which  she  is  spoken  of,  that  Fryer  was 
her  name  when  on  the  stage,  but  I  have  never  seen 
that  name  in  the  D.  P.  of  any  old  play — the  Pro- 
logue says— 

"  To  night,  strange  means  we  try  your  smiles  to 

"  win, 
"  And  bring  a  good  old  Matron  on  the  scene  : 


L.  i.  F.   1719-1720.  3J 

««  Kindly  she  quits  a  calm  retreat  to  show 
"  What  acting  pleased  you  fifty  years  ago. 
"  When  you  behold  her  quivering  on  the  stage, 
"  Remember,  'tis  a  personated  age : 
"  Nor  think,  that  no  remains  of  youth  she  feels, 
"  She'll  show  you,  e're  she's  done — she  has  it  in 
"  her  heels." 

Whincop  says  "  Peg  Fryer  was  85 — her  character 
"  in  the  Farce  was  that  of  a  very  old  woman  ;  she 
"  went  through  it  very  well,  but  when,  the  Farce 
"  being  done,  she  was  brought  upon  the  stage  again 
"  to  dance  a  jig,  which  had  been  promised  in  the  bills, 
"  she  came  tottering  in,  as  if  ready  to  fall  and  made 
"  two  or  three  pretended  offers  to  go  oat  again,  but 
"  all  on  a  sudden,  the  music  striking  up  the  Irish 
"  Trot,  she  danced  and  footed  it  away  almost  as 
"  nimbly  as  any  wench  of  25  could  have  done  " 
Whincop  adds  that  she  was  announced  in  the  bills 
for  the  part  of  Lady  Richlove — which  is  clearly  a  mis- 
take, and  what  he  says  about  the  dance  is  rather 
questionable,  as  it  is  in  the  2d  act  that  the  Widow 
dances,  and  there  is  a  stage  direction  that  she  should 
fall  at  the  end  of  the  dance — she  perhaps  danced  her 
first  dance  in  the  2d  act,  and  the  Irish  Trot  at  the 
end  of  the  piece. 

As  to  the  Farce  itself,  it  is  professedly  a  compila- 
tion— Fluellin  is  pretty  much  as  in  Shakspeare — 
Culverin  is  a  bully  like  Pistol — he  is  made  to  eat  the 
leek — the  characters  of  Loadham,  Meagre,  and  Jasper, 
with  the  greater  part  of  what  they  say,  are  taken 
from  those  of  Lodam,  Rawbone  and  Camelion  in 
Shirley's  Wedding — two  speeches  are  well  altered 


38  L.  i.  F.  1719-1720. 

from  Much  ado  about  Nothing — the  Half-pay  Officers 
are  Bellayr,  Fluellin  and  Mac  Morris — Bellayr, 
Loadham  and  Meagre  pay  their  addresses  to  Bene- 
dict— she  and  Charlotte  are  the  Widow's  grand- 
daughters— Charlotte  is  a  young  girl,  but  very  ready 
for  a  husband — Jasper  is  Meagre's  man,  and  as  thin 
as  his  master — Culverin  wants  to  marry  the  Widow 
— she  is  very  willing — Culverin  is  discovered  to  have 
been  a  highwayman,  and  the  Widow's  friends  prevail 
on  her  to  marry  Fluellin — Bellayr  and  Mac  Morris 
marry  Benedict  and  Charlotte — Fluellin  was  a  new 
character  to  a  considerable  part  of  the  audience,  as 
Shakspeare  was  not  very  much  read,  and  his  Henry 
the  5th  had  not  been  acted  since  the  Restoration — 
the  author  of  this  Farce  has  put  his  materials  pretty 
well  together — he  acknowledges  his  obligations  to 
Shakspeare  and  Davenant,  but  says  nothing  of  those 
to  Shirley — some  little  addition  is  made  to  the  cha- 
racter of  the  Widow — the  original  song  is  so  good 
that  it  should  have  been  retained. 

For  am'rous  sighs,  which  Virgins  use, 
She  coughs  aloud  from  lungs  decay'd, 

And  with  her  palsy  cannot  choose 
But  show  the  trembling  of  a  maid. 

No  nightly  labour  'ere  shall  swell 

To  any  fruitfulness  her  womb  ; 
For  were  she  big,  'twould  but  foretel, 

A  hopeful  Tympany  to  come. 

Let  not  her  husband  e're  vex  heaven, 
And  for  a  plenteous  offspring  beg  j 

Since  all  the  issue  can  be  given, 
Is  that  which  runneth  in  her  log. 


T..  i.  F.   1719-1720.  39 

Hob's  Wedding  is  attributed  to  Leigh  the  actor- 
it  was  printed  with  songs  in  1732  as  the  Sequel  to 
Flora— see  L.  I.  F.  March  20  1732. 

These  two  Farces  were  acted  together  7  times— 
the  author  or  authors  had  two  benefits,  viz.  on  the 
3d  and  6th  nights. 

Jan.  23.  Quaker's  Wedding.  Ryan  —  Leigh  — 
Pack— Spiller— C.  .Bullock— and  Mrs.  Bullock — 
C.  Bullock  probably  acted  Apish  and  Mrs.  Bullock 
Annabella. 

26.  Never  acted,  Whig  and  Tory.  Sir  John  Indo- 
lent =. Griffin :  Coblecause  (an  attorney)  =  Bullock  : 
Reynard  —  Ryan :  Charles  Heartfree  =  Leigh  :  Ned 
Indolent  =  C.  Bullock  :  Sir  Rowland  Heartfree  = 
Harper  :  Philip  =  Spiller  :  Amirita  and  Charlotte 
(daughters  to  Sir  John  Indolent)  =  Mrs.  Bullock  and 
Mrs.Gulick:  Maria  (supposed  daughter  to  Coblecause) 
=  Mrs.  Robertson:  Fainwou'd  (woman  to  Aminta) 
=  Mrs.  Giffard  : — at  the  bottom  of  the  bill  was  added 
— N.  B.  Whereas  the  liberty  of  the  scenes  has  been 
lately  abused  by  rioting,  and  disturbing  the  audiences, 
none  for  the  future  will  be  admitted,  but  those  who 
shall  take  tickets  at  the  stage  door,  which  will  be  de- 
livered out  at  half  a  guinea  each. 

Whig  and  Tory  was  acted  about  8  times — Sir  Row- 
land is  a  Whig — Sir  John  is  a  Tory— for  this  and 
other  reasons  they  are  at  variance — Young  Heartfree 
and  Aminta  are  mutually  in  love — as  they  have  no 
hopes  of  obtaining  the  consent  of  their  parents,  they 
agree  to  be  married  privately — Heartfree  tells  his 
design  to  Reynard — Aminta  communicates  her  inten- 
tion to  Charlotte —Reynard  contrives  to  have  Heart- 
free  taken  into  custody — Aminta  is  detained  by  her 


40  LI.  F.  IT  19-1 720. 

father — Reynard  and  Charlotte  go  to  the  place  of  ap- 
pointment, and  are  married — he  supposes  her  to  be 
Amirita — she  supposes  him  to  be  Heartfree — the  prin- 
cipal circumstances  attending  this  marriage  are  taken 
from  the  Maid  in  the  Mill — at  the  conclusion  Rey- 
nard and  Charlotte  discover  that  they  are  man  and 
wife — Sir  Rowland  and  Sir  John  are  reconciled — 
they  give  their  approbation  to  the  union  of  Heartfree 
and  Aminta — Young  Indolent  marries  Maria — she 
proves  to  be  the  daughter  of  Sir  Rowland — Coble- 
cause  interlards  his  conversation  with  a  good  deal  of 
law  Latin — Sir  John  Indolent  is  a  very  absent 
man — but  the  little  mistakes,  which  he  is  perpetually 
making,  are  not  very  diverting — the  scene  lies  at  a 
village  in  Norfolk — this  is  an  indifferent  C.  by  Grif- 
fin the  actor — he  has  very  properly  not  inserted  any 
thing  about  politics,  which  could  offend  either  party. 

Feb.  5.  By  Subscription — the  Island  Princess  re- 
vived— Boxes  and  Pit  will  be  laid  together — none  to  be 
admitted  but  by  tickets  at  7s-  each — Gallery  Box  4s. 
—first  Gallery  2s.  and  6d. — upper  Gallery  Is.  and  6d. 

8.  Hypochondriack.     Don  Lopez  =  Griffin. 

13.  Ryan  acted  Oronooko  for  first  time  and  for 
his  bt. 

26.  Jew  of  Venice.  Jew  =  Griffin:  Antonio  = 
Ryan  :  Gratiano  =  C.  Bullock  :  Nerissa  =  Mrs.  Bul- 
lock. 

29«  Never  acted,  Imperial  Captives.  Genseric 
(King  of  the  Vandals)  =  Quin  :  Thrasimond  and 
Honoric  (his  sons)  =  Ryan  and  Egleton  :  Aspar  (mi- 
nister of  state)  =  I3oheme  :  EudosiarrMrs.  Seymour: 
SophroniazzMrs.  Bullock  :  the  Empress  =  Mrs.  Gif- 
fard  : — acted  about  .5  times — the  scene  lies  in  Car- 


L.  i.  F.   17  J  9-1720.  41 

thage— the  Imperial  Captives  are  the  Empress  and 
her  daughter,  Eudosia — Thrasimond  and  Eudosia  are 
mutually  in  love— the  Empress  approves  of  their 
union — Sophroriia  is  betrothed  to  Honoric,  but  se- 
cretly in  love  with  Thrasimond — she  is  represented 
as  the  rightful  heiress  of  that  part  of  Africa,  of  which 
Genseric  had  made  himself  master — Honoric  is  Gen- 
seric's  favourite  son — Genseric  suggests  to  him  the 
advantage  which  would  accrue  from  his  marriage 
with  Eudosia  instead  of  Sophronia — Honoric  makes 
no  objection — Genseric  signifies  his  wish  first  to  the 
Empress,  and  then  to  Eudosia — each  of  them  rejects 
the  proposal  with  scorn — Genseric  insists  that  Thra- 
simond should  marry  Sophronia — she  avows  to  Thra- 
simond her  love  for  him — Thrasimond  determines  to 
leave  Carthage,  and  carry  off  Eudosia — the  Empress 
imprudently  endeavours  to  engage  Sophronia  to  as- 
sist in  the  design — Sophronia  from  jealousy  betrays 
them  to  Genseric — Thrasimond  is  thrown  into  prison 
— the  people  of  Carthage  mutiny — Sophronia  ani- 
mates them  to  release  Thrasimond — Honoric  and 
Genseric  are  killed — Sophronia  hopes  that  Thrasi- 
mond will  marry  her  from  gratitude — on  finding  him 
firm  in  his  attachment  to  Eudosia,  she  first  stabs  him, 
and  then  herself— she  dies — Thrasimond's  wound 

proves  slight,  and  the  play  ends  happily the  whole 

of  this  T.  is  fiction,  but  it  is  intimately  connected 
with  real  facts — Eudoxia,  the  widow  of  Valentinian 
the  3d,  was  compelled  to  marry  Maximus,  who  had 
killed  her  husband  —  she  implored  the  aid  of  Genseric, 
King  of  the  Vandals — he  made  himself  master  of 
Rome  with  little  or  no  opposition— Eudoxia,  who  ad- 
vanced to  meet  her  friend  and  deliverer,  soon  be- 


42  L.  i.  F.  1719-1720. 

wailed  the  imprudence  of  her  conduct — she  was 
rudely  stripped  of  her  jewels,  and  carried,  with  her 
two  daughters,  a  captive  to  Carthage — (Gibbon 
ch.36) — after  which  no  more  seems  to  have  been  re- 
corded of  her the  play  is  an  uninteresting  T.  with- 
out any  particular  fault — it  is  written  with  all  the 
coldness  and  regularity  of  the  French  Theatre  from 
whence  it  is  borrowed — this  Mottley  acknowledges 
in  the  dedication,  properly  observing,  that  the  con- 
cealing of  a  theft  is  an  aggravation  of  the  crime. 

March  12.  Quin's  bt.  Othello.  Othello  =  Quin : 
lago  =  Ryan  :  Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Seymour. 

19.  Othello.  Cassio  =  Leigh  :  Brabantio  =  Bo- 
heme  :  Roderigo  =  Pack  :  ^Emilia  =  Mrs.  Giffard. 

24.  Oronooko  =  Ryan :  Aboan  =  Quin  :  Imoinda 
=  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Widow  =  Mrs.  Giffard. 

28.  Confederacy.  Moneytrap  =  Spiller :  Gripe  = 
C.  Bullock :  Clarissa  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Mrs.  Amlet  = 
Peg  Fryer. 

31.  For  the  Entertainment  of  Robinson  Crusoe 
—for  the  bt.  of  Spiller.  A  collection  of  Farces  after 
the  English  manner — viz.  Walking  Statue — Hob  or 
Country  Wake  and  Cobler  of  Preston. 

And  whereas  1  James  Spiller  of  Gloucestershire, 
having  received  an  invitation  from  Hildebrand  Bul- 
lock of  Liquor  Pond  Street  London,  to  exercise  the 
usual  weapons  of  the  noble  science  of  defence,  will 
not  fail  to  meet  this  bold  invader,  desiring  a  full  stage, 
blunt  weapons,  and  from  him  much  favour.* 


*  This  advertisement,  as  well  as  several  others  inserted  in  the 
bills,  is  written  with  little  attention  to  grammar — but  no  altera- 
tion ought  to  be  made. 


L.  i.  F.  1719-1720.  43 

In  the  13th  number  of  the  Anti-Theatre  (March 
29)  there  is  a  letter  from  Spiller  to  the  author  of  that 
publication — he  says — "  I  have  a  great  desire  to  en- 
"  gage  you  to  be  my  friend,  and  recommend  me  to 
"  the  town  j  and  therefore  I  take  the  liberty  to  in- 
"  form  you,  that  on  next  Thursday  will  be  acted, 
"  for  the  benefit  of  myself  and  creditors,  a  collection 
"  of  Farces,  after  the  English  manner ;  and  as  I  am 
"  a  curious  observer  of  nature,  and  can  see  as  much 
"  with  one  eye  as  others  do  with  both;*  I  think,  I 
"  have  found  out  what  will  please  the  multitude 
"  *  *  *  I  have  tolerable  good  luck,  and  tickets  rise 
"  apace,  which  makes  mankind  very  civil  to  me  ;  for 
"  I  get  up  every  morning  to  a  levee  of  at  least  a 
"  dozen  people,  who  pay  their  compliments,  and  ask 
"  the  same  question,  '  When  they  shall  be  paid?'  all 
"  I  can  say,  is,  that  wicked  good  company  have 
"  brought  me  into  this  imitation  of  grandeur.  I  loved 
"  my  friend  and  my  jest  too  well  to  grow  rich :  in 
"  short,  wit  is  my  blind  side  ;  and  so  I  remain,"  &c. 
—it  appears  from  the  15th  number  that  Spiller  had 
a  good  benefit. 

April  19.  Miss  Stone  acted  the  Fair  Quaker. 

22.  Never  acted,  a  Farce  called  the  Theatre — all 
in  the  characters  of  the  Italian  Theatre — Prologue 
by  Steele. 

May  3.  For  bt.  of  Harper  and  Miss  Stone.  Com- 
mittee, with  a  comic  scene  by  Harper,  mimicking 
a  Drunken  Man,  and  the  song  of  four  and  twenty 
Stock-jobbers. 

4-.  Ryan's  bt.  never  acted,  a  Farce  in  3  acts  called 


*  Spiller  had  but  one  eye. 


44  D.  L.  1720-1721. 

Mississippi,  with  Country  Wake  and  Walking  Statue 
-  the  Prologue  to  the  Half-Pay  Officers  says — 

"  When  we  would  entertain,  we're  forc'd  to  ship  ye, 
"  Tumblers  from  France,  mock  Kings  from  Mis- 
"  sissippi." 

5.  Don  Quixote  —  Ogden :  Sancho  =  Harper :  Mar- 
cellar  Mrs.  Seymour:  Mary  the  Buxom = Mrs.  Giffard. 

10.  Walking  Statue.     Statue  =  C.  Bullock. 

11.  Double    Dealer.     Lady    Touchwood  =  Mrs. 
Giffard. 

17.  Indian  Emperour.     Montezuma  =  Quin. 
June  7-  Unhappy  Favourite.     Essex  =  Ryan. 
9-  For  bt.  of  Bullock  and  Pack.     Cymbeline.    No 
more  bills.     (Sills  from  B.  JM.) 


D.  L.  1720-1721. 

Sep.  10.     Country  Wife 15.  Silent  Woman. 

13.  Old  Batchelor.  Lsetitia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  : 
Belindas  Mrs.  Bicknell. 

20.  Recruiting  Officer.  Bullocks  Miller:  Apple- 
tree  =  Pinkethman. 

22.    Amphitryon— 24.   Othello— 27.  Rehearsal. 

29..  Not  acted  4  years,  Comical  Revenge.  Sir 
Frederick  Frollick  =  Wilks  :  Dufoy  =  Cibber  :  Sir 
Nicholas  Cully  =  Norris  :  Palmer  =  Johnson  :  Col. 
Bruce  -  Booth:  Widow  Rich  -  Mrs.  Horton  :  Gra- 
ciana  =  Mrs.  Younger. 


D.  L.    1720-1721.  4.5 

Oct.  1.   King  Lear. 

3.  She  wou'd  arid  she  wou'd  not. 

4.  Love  for  Love.    Ben  =  Miller  :  Mrs.  Foresight 
=  Mrs.  Horton. 

5.  Love  makes  a  Man 7«  Northern  Lass. 

6.  Oronooko.     Irnoinda  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

8.  Not  acted  5  years,  Comical  Lovers,  or  Marriage 
a-la-Mode.  Palamede  =  Wilks  :  Rhodophil  =  Booth  : 
Celadon  =  Gibber  :  Melantha  =  Mrs.  Bicknell :  Flo- 
rimel  =  Mrs.  Booth  :  Doralice  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

12.  Chances.      1st  Constantia  =  Mrs.  Younger: 
2d  Constantia  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

13.  Sir  Courtly  Nice.   Leonora  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

14.  .Esop 17.  Busy  Body 19.  Don  John. 

15.  Constant  Couple.  Lady  Lurewell  =  Mrs.  Hor- 
ton. 

20.  Not  acted  6  years,  Squire  of  Alsatia.  Sir  Wil- 
liam Belfond  —  Pinkethman  :  Belfond  Sen.  —  Miller  : 
Belfond  Jun.=  Wilks  :  Sir  Edward  Belfond  =  Thur- 
mond :  Truman  =  Mills  :  Scrapall  —  Norris  :  Mrs. 
Termagant  =  Mrs.  Garnet :  Teresia  =  Mrs.  Younger : 
Isabella  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

28.  Fair  Quaker  —  Mrs.  Booth. 

29.  Committee.       Teague  =  Miller:    Obediah  = 
Johnson  :  Day  =  Pinkethman  :  Abel  =  Gibber  :  Care- 
less =  Wilks:     Blunt  =  Mills:    Bookseller =Norris  : 
Mrs.  Day  =  Mrs.  Baker  :    Ruth  =  Mrs.  Garnet:  Ar- 
bella^Mrs.  Horton. 

31.  Bartholomew  Fair. 

Nov.  1.  Spanish  Fryar.  Dominic  =  Shepherd  : 
Gomez  —  Norris  :  Torrismond  —  Booth  :  Lorenzo  = 
Wilks  :  Bertran  =  Thurmond  :  Queen  —  Mi's.  Thur- 
mond :  Elvira  —  Mrs.  Booth. 


4.6  D.  L.   1720-1721. 

2.  Macbeth.  3d  Witch  =  Shepherd  :  Lady  Mac- 
beth =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Lady  Macduff  =  Mrs.  Thur- 
mond : — rest  as  before. 

4.  Tamerlane.  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Se- 
lima  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

7.  Strategem.     Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

10.  Hamlet.     Queen  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

11.  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd 12.  Volpone. 

15.  Hemy  4th,  part  1st.  King  =  Thurmond : 
Glendower  =  Gibber :  Vernon  =  Walker :  Carriers  = 
Johnson  and  Miller. 

18.  Love's  last  Shift.   NarcissarrMrs.  Thurmond. 

19.  Venice  Preserved 21.  Rover. 

22.  Fatal  Marriage.     Victoria  =  Mrs.  Younger. 
29.  Cato.     Portius  =  Walker  :     Marcia  =  Mrs. 
Horton. 

Dec.  3.   Richard  3d. 5.  Jovial  Crew. 

6.  Caius  Marius. 

8.  Timon  of  Athens.     Timon  =  Booth:  Apeman- 
tus  =  Mills  :    Alcibiades  =  Walker  :    Poet  =  Pinketh- 
man:  Senators  =  Johnson,  Miller,  Norris,   Shepherd 
and  Cross  :   Evandra  =  Mrs.  Thurmond :   Melissa  = 
Mrs.  Horton. 

17.  Not  acted  17  years,  Henry  4th,  pt.  2d,  written 
by  Shakspeare  and  revised  by  Betterton— with  a  new 
Prologue  and  Epilogue — no  characters — acted  five 
nights  successively  and  once  afterwards. 

Betterton's  alteration  was  not  printed  till  after  the 
present  revival,  and  then  it  was  printed  without  a 

date the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  conjectures  that  it 

was  printed  in  1719,  but  at  that  time  Mrs.  Willis  and 
her  daughter  were  at  L.  I.  F. — Henry  4th  =  Booth  : 
Prince  of  Wales  =  Wilks  :  Archbishop  of  York  = 


i).  L.   1720-1721.  47 

Thurmond:  Prince  John  of  Lancaster  =  Walker : 
Westmoreland  —  Williams  :  Lord  Chief  Justice  = 
Boman  :  Archbishop  of  Canterbury  =  Cory  :  Duke 
of  Clarence =Theophilus  Gibber :  Sir  John  Falstaff= 
Mills:  Justice  Shallow  =  Gibber  :  Justice  Silence  = 
Miller:  Pistol  =  Norris  :  Poins  =  W.  Wilks  :  Bar- 
dolph  =  Shephard  :  Feeble,  a  woman's  Taylor,  (with 
the  Epilogue  in  character)  =  Pinkethman  :  Hostess 
=  Mrs.  Willis  :  Doll  Tearsheet  =  Mrs.  Willis  Jun. 

Act.  1.  Betterton  omits  the  whole  scene  at  Wark- 
worth,  and  begins  with  Falstaff  and  his  boy — then 
follows  the  scene  at  the  Archbishop  of  York's,  and 
that  of  the  arrest  from  Shakspeare's  2d  Act. 

Act  2  consists  of  the  remainder  of  the  original  2d 
act,  but  with  the  omission  of  the  other  scene  at  Wark- 
worth — Northumberland  is  struck  out  of  the  D.  P. 

Act  3.  Shakspeare's  first  scene  is  omitted;  the  act 
begins  at  Shallow's  house — then  follows  the  scene  in 
which  the  Archbishop  of  York  and  his  party  are 
made  prisoners. 

Act  4  begins  with  the  King'3  Soliloquy  from  the 
original  3d  act — then  comes  the  grand  scene — in  the 
King's  fine  address  to  his  son,  Betterton  has  injudi- 
ciously omitted  two  lines  — 

"  Let  all  the  tears  that  should  bedew  my  hearse, 
"  Be  drops  of  balm,  to  sanctify  thy  head." 

After  that  we  have  the  scene  in  which  Silence  sings, 
and  the  act  concludes  with  the  interview  between 
Henry  the  5th  and  the  Chief  Justice. 

Act  5.  Two  comic  scenes  of  the  original  5th  act 
(the  1st  and  the  4th)  are  very  improperly  omitted — the 
act  begins  with  the  King's  procession  to  Westminster 


48  D.  L.  1720-1721. 

Abbey — Falstaff  is  rebuked  by  him,  but  not  sent  to 
prison  by  the  Chief  Justice — (see  Dr.  Johnson's  note) 

the  play  concludes  with  the  first  act  of  Henry  the 

5th  abridged ;  and  with  the  scene  at  Southampton 
from  the  same  play — this  explains  how  the  Archbishop 
of  Canterbury  becomes  one  of  the  D.  P.,  which  must 
appear  very  strange  to  any  person  who  sees  the  bill 
without  having  read  the  play Betterton  was  un- 
justifiable in  patching  up  his  play  from  Henry  the  5th, 
and  his  alteration  on  the  whole  is  a  bad  one,  but  he 
has  not  taken  any  flagrant  liberties  with  Shakspeare's 
text,  except  in  one  instance,  when  Falstaff  is  said  to 
have  been  Page  to  Thomas  Mowbray  Duke  of  Suf- 
folk, instead  of  Duke  of  Norfolk ;  an  alteration  which 
must  have  proceeded  from  great  ignorance,  or  from 
shameful  carelessness. 

Dec.  26.  Tempest — 29.  Mrs.  Porter  acted  Lady 
Macbeth. 

Jan  2.  Man  of  the  Mode  Mrs.  Loveit  —  Mrs.  Old- 
field  : — her  1st  appearance  this  season. 

3.  Rule  a  Wife  and  have  a  Wife. 

4.  Not  acted  16  years,  Plain  Dealer — no  characters 
— acted  5  times. 

6.  Relapse.     Berinthia  =  Mrs.  Oldfield. 
10.  Careless  Husband 12.  Henry  8th. 

13.  Double  Gallant 16.  Scornful  Lady. 

17.  Orphan 19.  All  for  Love. 

20.  Constant   Couple.       Lady   Lurewell  =  Mrs. 
Oldfield. 

21.  Distressed  Mother 24.  Maid's  Tragedy. 

25.  Amorous  Widow 27.  Tender  Husband. 

Feb.  3.   Jane  Shore. 

14.  Never  acted,  Refusal,  or  the  Ladies'  Philosophy. 


D.  i,  1720-1721.  I!) 

Sir  Gilbert  Wrangle  =  Pinkethman :  Frankly = Wilks: 
Witling  =  Gibber  :  Granger  =  Booth  :  Charlotte  — 
Mrs.  Booth  :  Lady  Wrangle  =  M  rs.  Bicknell :  So- 
phronia  =  Mrs.  Oldfield :  — this  is  on  the  whole  a  tole- 
rable C. — it  is  in  a  great  degree  taken  from  Moliere's 
Learned  Ladies — which  had  been  previously  adapted 
to  the  English  stage  by  Wright — see  Female  Virtuo- 
soes  T.  R.  1693 — the  last  scene  of  Gibber's  3d  act 
has  peculiar  merit — he  has  borrowed  the  hint  of  it 
from  Moliere,  but  he  has  greatly  improved  what  he 
has  borrowed — he  has  injudiciously  made  Sir  Gilbert 
a  South  Sea  director,  and  introduced  a  good  deal  of 
temporary  matter,  which  might  help  the  play  origi- 
nally, but  which  now  hangs  as  a  dead  weight  upon 

it on  this  occasion  Gibber  reaped  the  first  fruits 

of  his  politics  in  the  Non- Juror — the  Refusal  was 
with  difficulty  acted  6  nights. 

On  Feb.  27  was  advertised — with  a  dedication  from 
Curll  the  bookseller  to  Gibber — the  2d  edition  of  No 
Fools  like  Wits,  as  it  was  acted  at  L.  I.  F. — or  the 
Refusal  as  it  is  acted  at  D.  L.  (see  L.  I.  F.  Jan.  10.) 

"  Impartial  Gibber  now  does  freely  own 
"  There's  no  imposing  wit  upon  the  town  ; 
"  His  title,  not  his  play,  we  set  to  sale, 
"  If  patchwork   pleases,    Moliere's   sense   can't 
«  fail." 

March  2.  Not  acted  3  years,  Mithridates.  Mith- 
ridates  =  Mills :  Ziphares  =  Wilks  :  Pharnaces  = 
Walker  :  Aquilius  =  Booth  :  Archilaus  =  Boman  : 
Pelopidas  =  Thurmond  :  Semandra  =  Mrs.  Oldfield  : 
Monima  =  Mrs.  Horton  : — Booth,  who  patronised 

VOL.  HI.  E 


50  D.  L.  1720-1721. 

Walker,  appears  to  have  resigned  Pharnaces  to  him, 
and  to  have  resumed  his  old  part. 

20.  Mrs.  Thurmond's  bt.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn 
=  Booth:  Gonzalez  =  Thurmond:  Garcia  =  Walker: 
Zara  =  Mrs.  Porter :  Alrneria  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

April  13.  Mrs.  Horton's  bt.  Not  acted  3  years, 
Funeral.  Lord  Hardy  =  Gibber  :  Trim  =  Miller  : 
Campley  —  Wilks  :  Lord  Brumpton  =  Thurmond  : 
Trusty  =  Mills  :  Sable  =  Johnson  :  Lady  Brumpton 
=  Mrs.  Horton  :  Lady  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Booth  :  Lady 
Chariot^  Mrs.  Porter:  Mademoiselle  D'Epingle  = 
Mrs.  Bicknell :  Tattleaid  =  Mrs.  Saunders  :  Mrs. 
Fardingale  —  Mr.  Norris  :  Kate  Matchlock  =  Mr. 
Birkhead. 

14.  Mrs.  Saunders' bt.  Way  of  the  World.  Wait- 
well  =  Shepherd  :  Foible  =  Mrs.  Willis. 

18.  Never  acted,  Revenge.  Zaaga= Mills:  Alonzo 
=  Booth  :  Carlos  =  Wilks  :  Leonora  =  Mrs.  Porter : 
Isabella  =  Mrs.  Horton  : — this  is  on  the  whole  a  fine 
Tragedy  by  Dr.  Young — the  part  of  Zanga  is  admi- 
rably supported  throughout,  except  perhaps  in  the 
last  two  lines — (see  Abdelazer  D.  G.  1677) — the 
scenes  between  Zanga  and  Alonzohave  singular  merit; 
but  the  love  scenes  are  contemptible — Alonzo  would 
have  killed  Leonora  (as  he  tells  Zanga)— 

"But  Oh  her  eyes  struck  first  and  murdered  me.'* 

— acted  6  times. 

26.  Thurmond  Senior's  bt.  Julius  Csesar.  Brutus 
=  Booth:  Antony  =  Wilks  :  Cassius  =  Mills  :  Julius 
Caesar rr Thurmond:  Octavi us  =  Walker:  Citizens  = 
Johnson,  Norris,  Miller  and  others  :  Calphurnia  = 
Mrs.  Horton  :  Portia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 


D.L.  1720-1721.  51 

May  29.  Love  for  Money.     Jiltall  —  Mrs.  Horton. 

June  2.  At  the  particular  desire  of  several  Ladies 
of  Quality — for  the  bt.  of  Hodgson  formerly  a  Come- 
dian in  the  King's  Company — Fair  Penitent. 

Hodgson  was  admitted  into  the  T.  R.  in  1690  or 
1691— in  1695  he  went  with  Betterton  to  L.  I.  F.- 
he  continued  on  the  stage  till  April  15  1706,  and  per- 
haps longer — he  was  the  original  Heartfree  in  the 
Provoked  Wife. 

6.  Chances — last  play. 


Summer. 

June  13.  Country  Wife. 

16.  Little  French  Lawyer. 

20.  Sea  Voyage,  or  Commonwealth  of  Women. 
Capt.  Marine  =  Mills  :  Franvil  =  Miller :  Lieut.  Du 
Pier  —  Williams  :  Frugal  =  Norris  : — no  women — 
they  frequently  advertised  the  characters  by  piece- 
meal ;  if  this  play  had  been  acted  a  2d  time,  they 
would  probably  have  given  us  the  women. 

27.  Not  acted  2  years,  Titus  Andronicus  with  the 
Rape  of  Lavinia.  Titus  =  Mills  :  Aaron  =  Walker  : 
Saturninus  —  Thurmond :  Marcus  =  Boman  :  Lucius 
=  Williams: — women  omitted — with  Stage  Coach. 
Squire = Miller. 

July  28.  Country  Wit.  Sir  Mannerly  Shallow  = 
Miller :  Sir  Thomas  Rash  =  Norris :  Ramble  =  M ills : 
Merry  =  Wilks  Juii. :  Christina  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

Aug.  1.  Committee.     Day  —  Shepherd  :  Obediah 
=  Norris:  Ruth  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

8.  Not  acted  25  years,  Cleomenes,  or  the  Spartan 

E    2 


52  D.  L.  1720-1721. 

Hero.  Cleomenes  =  Mills  :  Cleanthes  —  Williams  : 
Sosybius  =  Thurmond :  Pantheus  —  Wilks  Jun. :  Cas- 
sandra =  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Cleora  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

15.  Sir  Martin  Marrall  =  Miller. 

18.  Lancashire  Witches.  Sir  Timothy  Shackle- 
head  =  Norris  :  Squire  Hartfort  =  Miller :  Isabellas 
Mrs.  Hortori. 

22.  Tempest — last  play. 

Mrs.  Margaret  Saunders  in  a  letter  to  Curll  Dec. 
29  1730  says — "  to  the  best  of  my  remembrance  I 
"  came  on  the  stage  in  1702,  and  my  ill  state  of  health 
"  obliged  me  to  quit  it  in  1720"—  she  should  have  said 
17.21 — she  seems  to  have  been  the  best  Chambermaid 
of  her  time — Davies  tells  us  that  she  returned  to  the 
stage  for  one  night,  and  played  Lady  Wishfort  for 
Mrs.  Younger's  last  bt. — this  must  have  been  at  C.  G. 
in  1733-1734— Mrs.  Saunders  herself  had  a  bt.  at  C.G. 
Jan.  19  1744. 


Mrs,  Saunders*  characters — selection  only. 

Hay.  1707-1708.  Mrs.  Flareit  in  L.  L.  S.— *  Wish- 
well  in  D.  G. 

D.  L.  1708.  Lucy  in   O.   B.— Lady  Haughty  in 
Silent  Woman. 

D.  L.  1708-1709.  Mrs.  Bisket  in  Epsom  WTells- 
Edging  in  C.  H.— *  Patch  in  B.  B. 

Hay.  1709-1710.  Parly  in  Constant  Couple. 

D.  L.  1710-1711.    Doris   in   JEsop— ^Emilia   in 
Othello— Dol  Common  in  Alchemist. 

1713-1714.  *  Flora  in  Wonder. 


L.I.  F.  1720-1721.  53 

1714-1715.  Lady  Fidget  in  Country  Wife— Viletta 
in  She  wou'd — Mrs.  Raisin  in  Greenwich  Park. 

1715-1716.  Widow  Lackit  in  Oronooko— Tattleaid 
in  Funeral — *  Abigail  in  Drummer. 

1716-1717.  Lady  Wou'dbe  in  Volpone. 

1717-1718.  Lady  Wishfort. 

*   Originally. 


L.  I.  F.    1720-1721. 

Oct.  4.  Don  Quixote  2d  part.  Marcella  =  Mrs. 
Cross. 

6.  Royal  Merchant 8.  Oronooko. 

11.  Committee.     Obedi ah  =:  C.  Bullock. 

13.  Spanish  Fryar.  Queen  =  Mrs.  Seymour  :  El- 
vira =  Mrs.  Cross. 

15.  Never  acted  there,  King  Lear.  Lear  =  Bo- 
heme  :  Edgar  =  Ryan  :  Kent^Ogden:  Gloster= 
Quin  :  Bastard  =  Leigh  :  Gentleman  Usher  =  Spiller  : 
Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Seymour  :  Regan— Mrs.  Parker: — 
acted  about  10  times  in  the  course  of  the  season. 

18.  Recruiting  Officer.     Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Cross. 

20.  Othello. 

®2.  Not  acted  16  years,  Merry  WTives  of  Windsor 
by  Shakspeare.  Falstaff =  Quin  :  Ford  =  Ryan  :  Sir 
Hugh  Evans  =  Griffin  :  Dr.  Caius  =  Harper  :  Slender 


54  L.  i.  F.  -1720-1721. 

=  C.  Bullock  :   Justice  Shallow  n  Boheme  :    Host  = 
Bullock  :   Fenton  =  Egleton  :    Page  =  Ogden  :  Pistol 
=  Spiller :    Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Cross  :    Mrs.  Page  = 
Mrs.  Seymour :   Mrs.  Quickly  =  Mrs.  Giifard  :  Anne 
Page  =  Miss  Stone  : — acted  18  times  in  the  course  of 
the  season — Davies  gives  the  cast  very  incorrectly— 
this  great  success  of  the  original  play  must  have  mor- 
tified Dennis,   whose  alteration  of  it  with   his  im- 
provements was  very  coldly  received. 

27.    C.  Bullock's  bt.     Hamlet.     Osrick  =  C.  Bul- 
lock. 

31.  Devil  of  a  Wife  and  Country  Wake. 

Nov.  1.     Julius  Caesar  —  Boheme  :    Calphurnia=: 
Mrs.  Giffard, 

2.  Double  Dealer.     Sir  Paul   Plyant  —  Griffin  : 
Lady  Touchwood  =  Mrs.  Seymour  :   Lady  Plyant  = 
Mrs.  Giffard. 

3.  Cymbeline. 

10.  Not  acted  12  years,  Troilus  and  Cressida. 
Troilus  =  Ryan  :  Hector  =  Quin  :  Achilles  =  Leigh  : 
Ulysses  =  Boheme :  Agamemnon  =  Diggs  :  Diomedes 
=  Egleton  :  Ajax  =  Harper  :  Thersites  —  Bullock  : 
Pandarus  =  Spiller  :  Cressida  =  Mrs.  Seymour :  An- 
dromache =  Mrs.  Bullock  : — acted  4<  times. 

15.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Quin : 
Constant  —  C.  Bullock :  Heartfree  =  Leigh  :  Razor 
=  Spiller :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Cross  :  Lady  Brute 
=  Mrs.  Seymour  :  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock :  Ma- 
demoiselle =  Mrs.  Giffard. 

18.  Fair  Quaker.     Flip  —  Harper:    Mizen  =  Egle- 
ton :  Dorcas  =  Miss  Stone. 

19.  Macbeth.     Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.   Bullock  : 
Lady  Macduff  =  Mrs.  Seymour :    2d  Witch  =  Griffin. 


L.I.  i.  1720-1721.  55 

25.  Double  Dealer.     Lord  Froth  =  Egleton. 

26.  Not  acted  20  years,  Cheats.     Whitebroth  = 
C.  Bullock:— see  May  29- 

29.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Clodio  =  C.  Bullock  : 
Don  Lewis  =  Spiller  :  Carlos  —  Leigh  :  Antonio  =. 
Bullock:  Charino  =  Griffin  :  Don  Duart  =  Ryan  : 
Don  Manuel  =  Boheme  :  Angelina  =  Miss  Purdon  : 
Louisa  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Seymour. 

Dec.  1.  Tray  tor 2.   Cheats. 

6.  Pack  acted  Barnaby  Brittle  for  his  bt. 

8.  Not  acted  20  years,  Measure  for  Measure  by 
Shakspeare.  Duke  =  Quin  :  Angelo  =  Boheme  : 
Claudio  =  Ryan  :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Seymour:  Lucio  is 
omitted  : — see  Oct.  10 — acted  8  times. 

17  and  19.  Whig  and  Tory. 

21.  Never  acted  there,  Titus  Andronicus,  or  the 
Rape  of  Lavinia.     Aaron  =  Quin  :   Titus  =  Boheme  : 
Lucius  =  Ryan  :  Saturn  in  us  =  Leigh :  Tamora  =  Mrs. 
Giffard  :  Lavinia  =  Mrs.  Knapp. 

22.  Woman's  a  Riddle.     Miranda  =  Mrs.  Cross. 

26.  Coriolanus.     Cornic  parts  by  Bullock,  Pack, 
Griffin,  Spiller  and  C.  Bullock  : — none  of  the  bills 
tell  us  who  acted  Coriolanus,  but  there  can  scarcely 
be  a  doubt  of  Quin's  acting  the  character. 

27.  Unhappy  Favourite.     Queen  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 
Jan.  7'  Richard  2d.     Aumerle  =  Quin  :    Queen  = 

Mrs.  Seymour:   Lady  Piercy  =  Mrs.  Bullock: — she 
acted  the  Queen  originally. 

10.  Never  acted,  No  Fools  like  Wits.  Ryan — 
Quin— C.  Bullock— Pack— Griffin— Mrs.  Bullock- 
Mrs.  Seymour — Mrs;  Giffard — acted  3  times — this 
was  only  the  Female  Virtuosoes  with  a  new  title — 
(see  T.  R.  1693)— it  was  reprinted  by  Curll  out  of 


56  L.  i.  F.   1720-1721. 

spite  to  Gibber — on  one  page  he  gives  the  original 
cast,  and  en  the  opposite  page  he  says — "  thus  Cib- 
"  berized  Sir  Gilbert  Wrangle  &c." — as  the  play 
was  not  reprinted  till  after  it  had  been  performed  at 
L.  I.  F.,  it  was  absurd  in  Curll  to  give  the  original 
cast  instead  of  the  cast  at  L.  I.  F. — which  was  pro- 
bably— Clerimont  =  Ryan  :  Meanwell  =  Quin  :  Sir 
Maggot  Jingle  =  C.  Bullock  :  Witless  =  Pack  :  Sir 
Maurice  Meanwell  =  Griffin  :  Lovewitt  =  Mrs.  Bul- 
lock :  Mariana  =  Mrs.  Seymour  :  Catchat  —  Mrs. 
Giffard. 

17.  Sir  Walter  Raleigh. 

19.  Never  acted,  in  one  act,  the  Chimera,  or  an 
Hue  and  Cry  to  Change  Alley.  Selfroth  (the  Pro- 
jector) =  Bullock :  Teartext  (a  sham  Parson)  =  Pack : 
Hide  and  Seek  (a  Banker)  =  Hall :  Sir  Nicholas  Nin- 
nyhammer=  Bullock  :  Lord  Gracebubble  =  Boheme : 
Capt.  Scout  —  Barn es  :  Snap  (a  Stockjobber)  =  Spil- 
ler :  Scrawl  (Secretary  to  the  Bubble)  —  Egleton  : 
Lady  Meanwell  =  Mrs.  Seymour  : — acted  3  times— 
this  piece  is  attributed  to  Odell — it  is  written  to  ex- 
pose the  rage  for  speculation  in  money  matters, 
which  prevailed  at  this  time  —as  a  Drama  it  has  little 
or  nothing  to  recommend  it — Selfroth  and  Hide  and 
Seek  are  both  of  them  cheats — they  are  at  first 
friends,  but  they  afterwards  quarrel — Sir  Nicholas  is 
a  country  gentleman,  who  comes  up  to  town  to  sell 
his  estate  for  the  sake  of  speculation — Teartext  is 
Chaplain  and  Pimp  to  Lord  Gracebubble — he  intro- 
duces his  Lordship  to  Lady  Meanwell,  who  is  Lady 
Gracebubble  under  an  assumed  name — his  Lordship 
is  chosen  Governour  of  a  Bubble,  to  give  it  a  sanc- 
tion -  at  the  conclusion,  Selfroth  and  Hide  and  Seek 


L.  i.  F.  1720-1721.  .07 

are  taken  into  custody — Lord  Gracebubble  insists 
that  Hide  and  Seek  should  restore  Sir  Nicholas* 
estate  to  him — this  Farce  is  printed  in  two  acts,  and 
without  the  second  title — the  two  Bullocks  are  not 
distinguished  in  the  D.  P. — the  father  in  all  proba- 
bility played  Selfroth — several  pieces  which  were 
performed  in  one  act,  were  divided  into  two  when 
printed,  but  without  having  any  additions  made  to 
them. 

28.  Henry  4th,  part  1st.  Falstaff=  Bullock :  Hot- 
spur =  Ryan  :  King  =  Quin  :  Prince  =  Leigh  :  Wor- 
cester =  Boheme  :  Francis  =  Spiller :  Kate  =  Mrs. 
Bullock. 

Feb.  1.  Macbeth.     Sey ton  =  Boheme. 

3.  Advertisement  from  the  Theatre  in  L.  I.  F. 
— "  Whereas  several  persons  on  Wednesday  last 
"  (Feb.  1st)  came  to  the  playhouse  in  a  riotous  man- 
"  ner  to  the  interruption  of  the  play  and  the  distur- 
"  bance  of  the  audience  :  the  company  think  fit  to 
"  desist  from  acting  till  proper  care  be  taken  to 
"  prevent  the  like  disorders  for  the  future.  N.  B. 
"  the  persons  who  occasioned  the  late  disturbance 
"  are  under  prosecution  for  the  same/' 

Victor  gives  us  an  account  of  this  riot,  but  he  is 
not  quite  correct — the  play  was  Macbeth ;  Walker 
was  still  at  D.  L.  and  the  house  seems  to  have  been 
shut  but  3  days. 

A  certain  Earl,  who  was  said  to  have  been  in  a 
state  of  drunkenness  for  about  6  years,  being  behind 
the  scenes  at  the  close  of  a  Comedy,  and  seeing  one 
of  his  companions  on  the  other  side,  crossed  over 
the  stage  among  the  performers,  and  was  accordingly 
hissed  by  the  audience — Victor  was  standing  by  Rich 


58  L.  i.  F.   1720-1721. 

on  the  side  that  this  Nobleman  came  over  to;  and 
on  the  uproar  in  the  house  at  such  an  irregularity,  the 
Manager  said  "  I  hope  your  Lordship  will  not  take 
"  it  ill,  if  I  give  orders  to  the  stage-door-keeper  not 
"  to  admit  you  any  more" — on  his  saying  that,  the 
Earl  gave  Rich  a  slap  in  the  face,  which  Rich  with 
proper  spirit  returned — on  this  his  Lordship's  drunken 
companions  collected  themselves  directly  and  Rich 
was  to  be  put  to  death — but  Quin,  Ryan,  Walker  &c. 
stood  forth  in  defence  of  the  Manager,  and  a  grand 
scuffle  ensued,  by  which  the  Gentlemen  were  all 
driven  out  by  the  stage-door  into  the  street — they  then 
sallied  into  the  Boxes  with  their  swords  drawn,  and 
broke  the  sconces,  cut  the  hangings  (which  were  gilt 
leather  finely  painted)  and  continued  the  riot  there, 
'till  Quin  came  round  with  a  Constable  and  Watch- 
men, who  took  them  all  into  custody  and  carried  them 
before  a  Magistrate,  by  whom  they  were  bound  over 
to  answer  the  consequences — but  they  were  soon  per- 
suaded by  their  wiser  friends  to  make  up  the  matter, 
and  the  Manager  got  ample  redress — the  theatre  was 
shut  for  about  7  or  8  days — the  King  being  informed 
of  the  whole  affair  was  highly  offended,  and  ordered 
a  Guard  to  attend  this  theatre  as  well  as  the  other ; 
which  was  not  the  case  before. 

Gibber,  in  the  dedication  of  the  Lady's  last  Stake, 
speaks  of  those  gentlemen  who  thrust  themselves 
forward  on  the  stage  before  a  crowded  audience,  as 
if  they  resolved  to  play  themselves  and  save  the  actors 

the  trouble and  in  his  Apology  he  tells  us,  that 

in  many  a  laboured  scene  of  the  warmest  humour 
and  of  the  most  affecting  passion,  he  had  seen  the 
best  performers  disconcerted  by  those  idle  gentlemen, 


L.  j.  F.  1720-1721. 

who  were  more  desirous  to  come  in  for  their  share  of 
the  attention  of  the  audience,  than  capable  of  any 
pleasure  from  the  play ;  and  who  daily  took  their 
stands,  where  they  might  best  elbow  the  actor,  and 
interrupt  him  by  their  conversation  :  the  inconveni- 
ence and  plague  of  which  custom  was  so  intolerable, 
that  he  and  his  brother  managers  were  forced  to  get 
rid  of  it,  at  the  hazard  of  their  lives  —and  their  only 
expedient  was  by  refusing  money  from  all  persons 
without  distinction  at  the  stage  door,  by  which  means 
they  preserved  to  themselves  the  right  and  liberty  of 
choosing  their  own  company  there  :  and  by  a  strict 
observance  of  this  order  they  brought  what  had  been 
before  debased  into  the  licenses  of  a  lobby  into  the 
decencies  of  a  drawing-room. 

Feb.  4.  Richard  2d. 

6.  Emperour  of  the  Moon.  Ryan — Quin — Hall 
— Bullock — Spiller — Mrs.  Cross — Miss  Purden — 
Mrs.  Giffard— see  Oct.  25  1721. 

9.  Not  acted  30  years,  Much  ado  about  Nothing. 
Ryan — Quin — Leigh  —  Boheme — Egleton  — Bullock 
— Mrs.  Seymour  —  Mrs.  Cross  —  Mrs.  Giffard  — 

acted  3  times the  cast  was  probably  Benedick  = 

Ryan :  Leonato  =  Quin :  Claudio  =  Leigh  :  Pedro 
=  Boheme  :  Dogberry  =  Bullock  :  Beatrice  =  Mrs. 
Cross  :  Hero  =  Mrs.  Seymour. 

13.  Woman's  Revenge  and  Walking  Statue. 

15.  Tunbridge  Walks— 17-  Cheats. 

25.  Island  Princess.  Armusia  =  Ryan :  Ruy 
Dias  =  Leigh:  King  ;=  Quin:  Governor  —  Boheme: 
Quisara  =  Mrs.  Seymour. 

March  4.  Never  acted,  Fair  Captive.  Mustapha 
=  Quin  :  Alphonso  =  Ryan  :  Ozmin  (a  noble  Turk) 


60  L.  i.  F.  1720-1721. 

=  Leigh  :  Haly  (chief  Eunuch)  =  Boheme :  Achmet 
(Aga  of  the  Janizaries)  =  Egleton  :  Isabella  =  Mrs. 
Seymour  :  Irene  =  Mrs.  Giffard  :  Daraxa  =  Mrs.  For- 
rester : — acted  3  times — Alphonso,  a  noble  Spaniard, 
comes  to  Constantinople  to  redeem  Isabella,  with 
whom  he  is  in  love — she  had  been  taken  prioner  by 
the  Turks — Mustapha,  the  Grand  Visier,  is  married 
to  Irene,  the  daughter  of  the  Sultan — he  is  secretly  in 
love  with  Isabella,  and  _for  that  reason  had  opposed 
her  release — Irene  suspects  his  motive,  and  obtains 
from  her  father  his  permission  for  Isabella  to  return 
to  Spain — Alphonso  bribes  Haly  to  procure  him  a 
private  interview  with  Isabella — he  is  discovered  in 
the  Seraglio,  and  sentenced  to  death — Irene  gets  him 
a  reprieve — in  the  5th  act,  Haly  tells  Isabella- that 
Mustapha  had  ordered  him  to  see  Alphonso  strangled, 
and  that  her  only  chance  of  saving  him  is  by  apply- 
ing to  the  Visier  in  person — she  does  so — the  Visier 
attempts  to  ravish  her — she  calls  for  help — Irene, 
dressed  as  a  man,  rushes  in  to  her  assistance — the 
Visier  stabs  Irene — Isabella  runs  off — Ozmin  and 
Achmet  excite  the  Janizaries  to  arms — they  prove 
victorious— they  recommend  Alphonso  and  Isabella 
to  depart  from  Constantinople  without  delay — the 
Visier  is  killed — Daraxa  is  a  young  lady,  whom  the 
Visier  had  seduced  and  deserted — she  is  disguised  as 

an  Eunuch — she  stabs  herself  in  the  3d  act this 

is  a  poor  T. — it  was  written  originally  by  Capt. 
Hurst,  and  afterwards  materially  altered  by  Mrs. 
Haywood. 

11.  Ryan's  bt.  never  acted  there,  Richard  the  3d. 
Richard  =  Ryan :  King  Henry  =  Boheme :  Richmond 
=  Leigh  :  Buckingham  =  Quin  :  Prince  Edward  = 


L.  i.  F.    1720-1721.  Gl 

Miss  Stone  :  Lord  Mayors  Bullock  :  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Seymour:  Lady  Anne  =  Mrs:  Spiller:  Duchess  of 
York  =  Mrs.  Giffard. 

14>.  Unhappy  Favourite.    Southampton  =  Boheme. 

16.  Mrs.  Seymour's  bt.     King  Lear. 

18.  Quin's  bt.  not  acted  10  years,  Abra-Mule. 
Mahomet  =  Boheme  :  Pyrrhus  =  Ryan  :  Solyman  = 
Quin  :  Abra-Mule  =  Mrs.  Seymour: — acted  4  times. 

25.  For  bt.  of  Keene's  Widow.  Measure  for  Mea- 
sure. 

27.  Ryan's  bt.  Richard  3d.     N.  B.  the  tickets  de- 
livered  out  for  Ryan's  bt.  March  11,  that  did  not 
come,  will  be  taken  this  day. 

28.  Jew  of  Venice. 

April  1.  Griffin's  bt.  riot  acted  2  years,  Pilgrim. 
Pedro  =  Ryan  :  Alphonso  =  Griffin  :  Roderigo  = 
Quin  :  Mad  Englishman  =  Spiller  :  Mad  Parson  = 
Pack:  Mad  Taylor  =  Harper :  1st  Outlaw  =  Bullock  : 
Alinda^Mrs.  Cross  :  Juletta  =  Mrs.  Spiller. 

13.  Never  acted,  Antiochus.  Seleucus  (King  of 
Syria)  =  Qui n  :  Antiochus  (his  son)  =  Ryan:  Nica- 
nor=  Boheme:  Arsaces  (prince  of  a  neighbouring 
country)  =  Egleton  :  Stratonice  =  Mrs.  Seymour  : 
Semandra  (daughter  to  Selucus)  =  Mrs.  Spiller  :— 
acted  3  times — this  is  a  dull  T.  by  Mottley — it  is 
founded  on  a  passage  in  Plutarch's  life  of  Demetrius 
—which  is  briefly  as  follows — Antiochus  fell  desper- 
ately in  love  with  his  mother  in  law,  Stratonice— 
he  determined  to  conceal  his  passion  to  the  last,  and 
pretended  to  be  ill — his  physician  soon  found  that  his 
disorder  was  love,  and  by  diligent  observation  dis- 
covered that  it  was  love  for  Stratonice — he  then  told 
Seleucus  that  his  son's  case  was  incurable,  as  he  was 


62  L.  i.  F.  1720-1721. 

in  love  with  his  wife — Seleucus  implored  the  physi- 
cian to  resign  his  wife  to  Antiochus — the  physician 
asked  if  he  would  himself  resign  Stratonice  to  Anti- 
ochus— the  King  replied  he  would  willingly  do  so— 
Antiochus  and  Stratonice  were  not  long  after  mar- 
ried— in  the  play,  Seleucus  and  Stratonice  are  just 
married,  but  the  marriage  is  not  consummated — she 
is  in  love  with  Antiochus — which  is  an  addition  to 
the  original  story — in  the  2d  act,  Antiochus  gives  his 
friend  Arsaces  a  broad  hint  of  his  passion  for  Stra- 
tonice— in  the  3d  act,  Seleucus  prepares  to  embrace 
his  son — Antiochus  throws  himself  on  the  ground— 
and  makes  his  exit  in  a  mad  rant — in  the  4th  act  Ni- 
canor  tells  Seleucus  that  his  son  is  in  love  with  Stra- 
tonice— in  the  5th  act,  the  King  and  Nicanor  over- 
hear a  conversation  between  Antiochus  and  Strato- 
nice— they  acknowledge  their  love  for  one  another, 
but  without  any  criminal  intentions — he  blames  him- 
self severely — and  she  determines  to  give  a  proof  that 
she  has  gotten  the  better  of  her  passion — Seleucus 
resigns  Stratonice  to  Antiochus — she  enters,  and 
soon  after  dies,  having  poisoned  herself — Antiochus 
offers  to  stab  himself — he  is  carried  off  in  a  swoon— 
Nicanor  is  a  treacherous  statesman,  and  in  love  with 
Semandra — Seleucus  stabs  him  in  the  5th  act — Arsa- 
ces and  Semandra  are  mutually  in  love — at  the  con- 
clusion they  are  united Plutarch  relates  the  story 

in  a  very  interesting  manner — but  there  is  nothing 
interesting  in  the  play — Antiochus,  who  gives  the  title 
to  it,  afterwards  obtained  the  surname  of  Soter. 

17.  Busy  Body.     Miranda  =  Mrs.  Cross  :  Patch 
—  Mrs.  Giffard  :  Isabinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

19.  Leigh's  bt.  Indian  Emperour. 


L.  i.  F.  1720-1721.  63 

April  21.  Never  acted — for  the  bt.  of  the  author- 
Fatal  Extravagance.  Bellmour  —  Quin  :  Courtney 
(Louisa's  uncle}— Boheme:  Bargrave  rzOgden:  Louisa 
(Bellmour's  wife)  =  Mrs.  Seymour: — Bellmour  by 
his  gaming  and  extravagance  had  reduced  himself 
from  affluence  to  poverty — he  had  also  ruined  his 
particular  friend Bargrave  is  his  principal  creditor- 
he  produces  Bellmour's  bond,  and  threatens  to  put  it 
into  execution — Bellmour  gets  between  him  and  the 
door — and  forces  him  to  fight — he  kills  Bargrave,  and 
takes  the  bond  from  his  pocket — Bellmour  becomes 
desperate — he  mixes  poison  for  his  wife  and  three 
children,  pretending  that  it  is  a  cordial — he  believes 
that  they  have  all  drunk  of  it,  and  kills  himself — 
Louisa  and  the  children  are  saved— Courtney  had 
found  the  poisoned  cup,  emptied  and  refilled  it- 
news  are  brought  that  Bellmour's  brother,  on  his  re- 
turn from  the  east,  was  just  dead,  and  had  left  a  very 

large  property  to  Bellmour this  T.  in  one  act  has 

on  the  whole  considerable  merit — in  the  first  edition 
Mitchell  speaks  of  himself  as  the  author  of  it,  but  it 
was  afterwards  said  to  have  been  really  the  produc- 
tion of  Aaron  Hill,  to  whose  writings  the  language 
bears  a  considerable  resemblance — it  was  revived  at 
L.  I.  F.  Feb.  21  1730— both  the  Editors  of  the  B.D. 
say  that  Fatal  Extravagance  was  originally  written  in 
one  act,  with  only  four  characters,  but  afterwards  en- 
larged into  5  acts,  with  two  additional  characters, 
and  presented  at  D.  L.  with  success  in  1726 — it  is 
sufficiently  clear  from  the  bills,  that  it  was  not  acted 
at  D.  L.  in  1726 — Jones  adds  that  there  is  a  Dublin 
Edition  of  the  piece  in  1726— and  at  that  theatre  it  may 
possibly  have  been  acted,  as  he  and  Baker  represent, 


64  L.  T.  F.   1720-1721. 

in  5  acts — Fatal  Extravagance  was  acted  and  printed 
in  Dublin  in  1721 — it  is  divided  into  2  acts,  but  no 
addition  is  made  to  the  original  one  act — in  Hill's 
works  it  is  printed  in  one  act,  and  with  a  new  Pro- 
logue on  the  revival  in  Feb.  1729 — this  is  correct,  as 
the  computation  is  made  by  old  style. 

22.  Fatal  Extravagance  and  Country  House. 

24.  Anatomist.     Sham  Doctor  =  Spiller. 

25.  For  the  bt.  of  Boheme  and  Diggs.     Tamer- 
lane.    Bajazet  —  Quin  :  Tamerlane  =  Boheme  :   Ar- 
pasia  =  Mrs.  Seymour. 

27.  Mrs.  Bullock's  bt.  Love's  last  Shift. 

May  4.  For  bt.  of  Harper  and  Miss  Stone.  Don 
Quixote.  Sancho  =  Harper :  Marcella  =  Miss  Stone. 

5.  Artful  Husband.  Sir  Harry  Freelove  =  Leigh  : 
Winwife  =  Quin  :  Stockwell  =  Spiller  :  Frank  Flash 
=  Pack  :  Ned  =  H.  Bullock  :  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Bul- 
lock :  Mrs.  Winwife  =  Mrs.  Seymour  :  Lady  Upstart 
=  Mrs.  Giffard  :  Mademoiselle  —  Mrs.  Cross. 

8.  Spanish  Fryar.     Elvira  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

9-  Don  Sebastian. 

10.  Quaker's  Wedding,  or  Passionate  Mistress. 
Wilding  =  Leigh :  Fondle  =  Spiller :  Sir  Feeble  Good- 
will =  Pack  :  Gainlove  =  Ryan  :  Apish  r=  Egleton  : 
Mrs.  Haughty  =  Mrs.  Giffard  :  Lucia  =  Miss  Purden : 
Malapert  =  Miss  Stone. 

25.  Julius  Csesar.  Portia  =  Mrs.  Seymour. 

29.  Cheats.  Scruple  —  Griffin :  Mopus  —  Harper : 
Afterwit  =  Leigh  :  Jolly  =  Diggs :  Runter  =  Boheme : 
Double  Diligence  =  Bullock :  Tyro  =  Pack  :  Bilboe  = 
Egleton:  Titere  Tu  =  H.  Bullock  :  Mrs.  Whitebroth 
=  Mrs.  Giffard :  Mrs.  Mopus  =  Mrs.  Elsam  :  Mrs. 
Double  Diligence  =  Mrs.  Gulick  :  Beatrice  =  Mrs. 


D.  L.  1721-1722.  6.5 

Knapp  :  Cis  =  Miss  Stone: — Alderman  Whitebroth 
is  omitted,  C.  Bullock  was  no  doubt  ill — the  bill  for 
Jan.  23  1720  gives  us  reason  to  suppose  that  Egleton 
played  Apish  May  10  1721  in  consequence  of  C. 
Bullock's  illness. 

30.  Quaker's  Wedding.  Fondle  =  Harper :  Anna- 
bella^Mrs.  Seymour. 

June  7-  Woman  is  a  Riddle.  Lady  Outsider 
Mrs.  Seymour. 

8.  Merry  Wives — last  play. 

No  Summer  bills.     (Bills  from  B.  M.) 

This  season  does  Rich  great  credit,  as  besides 
Dryden's  alteration  of  Troilus  and  Cressida,  and 
Gibber's  Richard  the  3d,  he  revived  4  of  Shakspeare's 
plays,  3  of  which  had  not  been  acted  at  either  theatre 
for  several  years. 


D.  L.  1721-1722. 

Advertisement  in  Daily  Post — "  The  Managers  of 
"  D.  L.  think  it  proper  to  give  notice,  that  advertise- 
"  ments  of  their  plays  by  their  authority  are  published 
"  only  in  this  paper  and  the  Daily  Courant,  and  that 
"  the  publishers  of  all  other  papers,  who  presume  to 
"  insert  advertisements  of  the  said  plays,  can  do  it 
"  only  by  some  surreptitious  intelligence  or  hearsay, 
"  which  frequently  leads  them  to  commit  gross  mis- 

VOL.   III.  F 


66  D.  L.  1721-1722. 

"  takes,  as  mentioning  one  play  for  another,  falsely 
"  representing  the  parts  &c.  to  the  misinformation 
"  of  the  town,  and  to  the  great  detriment  of  the  said 
"  Theatre." 

Sep.  9.  Rover.     Valeria  =  Mrs.  Heron. 

12.  Love  for  Love 16.  Macbeth. 

14.  Oronooko.     Imoinda  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

21.  Spanish  Fryar.  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Oldfield  :  Queen 
=  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

23.  Venice  Preserved 26.  Henry  4th. 

28.  Constant  Couple. 

30.  Hamlet.  Polonius=Griffin: — see  L.I.F.Dec.  1. 

Oct.  2.  Strategem 4.  Amorous  Widow. 

3.  Julius  Caesar.  Octavius  =  Williams  :  Calphur- 
nia  —  Mrs.  Horton  :  Portia  —  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

7.  King  Lear. 

9.  Committee.      Abel  =  Griffin  :    Ruth  =  Mrs. 
Oldfield. 

10.  Timon  of  Athens — 11.  Humorous  Lieutenant. 

12.  Old  Batchelor.     Heart  well  =  Thurmond. 

13.  Chances 14.  Orphan.    Chaplain  =  Gibber. 

16.  Jovial  Crew—  —17-  Tender  Husband. 

18.  Funeral.      Trim  =  Pinkethman  :    Puzzle  = 
Shepherd :  Tattleaid  =  Mrs.  Baker :  Kate  Matchlock 
=  Mr.  Miller  :— rest  as  April  13  1721. 

19.  All  for  Love 21.  Scornful  Lady. 

20.  Country  Wife.     Lady  Fidget  =  Mrs.  Moor. 

23.  Relapse.    Young  Fashion  =  Wilks  Jun. :  Shoe- 
maker =  Miller. 

24.  Recruiting  Officer. 

25.  Not  acted  10  years,  Alchemist. 

27.  Alchemist.  Abel  Drugger  =  Pinkethman : 
Face  =  Mills  :  Subtle  =  Gibber  :  Ananias  =  Johnson  : 


D.  L.   1721-1722.  67 

Tribulation  =  Griffin  :  Kastril  =  Miller  :  Sir  Epicure 
Mammon  =  Harper :  Surly  =  Wilks  Jun. :  Dapper  = 
Norris  :  Dol  Common  =  Mrs.  Wetherilt. 

28.  Maid's  Tragedy.     Aspatia  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

30.  Lancashire  Witches. 

31.  Henry  8th  =  Booth  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Porter. 
Nov.  1.  Love  makes  a  Man. 

2.  Not  acted  15  years,  Theodosius — no  characters. 

4.  Tamerlane  =  Booth :  Bajazet  =  Mills:  Moneses 
=  Wilks  :  Axalla  =  Williams :  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Old- 
field  :  Selima  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

7.  'Sir  Courtly  Nice 8.  Love's  last  Shift. 

10.  Not  acted  4  years,  Indian  Emperour. 

11.  Careless  Husband.     Lady  Graveairs  =  Mrs. 
Horton. 

13.  Not  acted  4  years,  Wit  without  Money.  Wilks 
— Mills — Miller— Norris — Mrs.  Oldfield   and  Mrs. 
Porter — Miller  acted  Lance — the  other  performers 
kept  their  old  characters — see  Hay.  May  25  1707. 

14.  Jane  Shore 15.  Rehearsal. 

17.  Northern  Lass. 

18.  Othello  =  Booth  :  lago  =  Gibber :  Cassio  = 
Wilks  :     Roderigo  =  Miller  :     Desdemona  =  Mrs. 
Porter. 

25.  Man  of  the  Mode.     Emilia  =  Mrs.  Heron. 

28.  Double  Gallant.  Lady  Sadlife  =  Mrs.  Bicknell: 
Sylvia^ Mrs.  Booth. 

Dec.  1.  Caius  Marius 5.  Plain  Dealer. 

11.  Not  acted  10  years,  Aurenge-Zebe.    Emperour 

r^  Mills  :  Aurenge-Zebe  =  Wilks  :  Morat  =  Booth  : 

Arimant  =  Thurmond  :  Nourmahal  =  Mrs.  Porter : 

Indamora  =  Mrs.  Oldfield :  Melisinda  =  Mrs.  Younger: 

—acted  5  times — Morat  is  a  ranting  extravagant  part, 

F    2 


68  D.  L.  1721-1722. 

which  Colley  Gibber  thought  Booth  did  not  play  with 
sufficient  spirit — especially  where  Nourmahal  says — 

"  'Twill  not  be  safe  to  let  him  live  an  hour." 

and  Morat  replies— 

"  I'll  do't,  to  show  my  arbitrary  power." 

When  this  was  objected  to  Booth,  he  very  sensibly 
answered  "  it  was  not  through  negligence,  but  by 
"  design  that  I  gave  no  spirit  to  that  ludicrous  bounce 
"  — I  know  very  well  that  a  laugh  of  approbation 
"  may  be  obtained  from  the  understanding  few,  but 
"  there  is  nothing  more  dangerous  than  exciting  the 
"  laugh  of  simpletons,  who  know  not  where  to  stop 
"  — the  Majority  is  not  the  wisest  part  of  the  audience 
"  and  for  that  reason  I  will  run  no  hazard."  (Davies 
and  Theo.  Gibber.) 

22.  Volpone.  Voltore  =  Thurmond :  Lady  Wou'd- 
be  —  Mrs.  Younger  :  Ceelia  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

28.  Cato.     Porti us  —  Thurmond. 

Jan.  3.  Tempest. 

4.  Not  acted  10  years,  Rival  Fools — acted  twice— 
no  characters — see  D.  L.  Jan.  11  1709. 

6.  Unhappy  Favourite.  Essex  =  Wilks:  Burleigh 
—  Cory. 

8.  Tender  Husband 9.   Silent  Woman. 

17.  At  the  bottom  of  the  bill — N.B.  In  yesterday's 
Daily  Journal  Wit  without  Money  was  advertised  in- 
stead of  Julius  Caesar. 

25.  Never  acted  there,  Ambitious  Step-mother— 
no  characters — acted  twice. 

Feb.  2.  Amphitryon.     Gri p us  —  Griffin. 

12.  Not  acted  3  years,  Busiris — acted  twice. 


D.  L.  1721 -1722.  69 

19.  Never  acted,  Briton.  Vanoc  =  Booth:  Valens 
(a  Roman  Tribune)  =  Mills  :  Yvor  (Prince  of  the 
Silurians)  =  Wilks  :  Didius  —  Thurmond :  Cartis- 
mand  =  Mrs.  Porter :  Gwendolen  (daughter  to  Vanoc 
by  his  first  wife)  —  Mrs.  Booth  :— acted  about  8  times 
-Vanoc,  Prince  of  the  Cornavians,  had  married 
Cartismand,  Queen  of  the  Brigantians  rather  from 
ambition  than  love — Cartismand  had  promoted  Vel- 
locad,  one  of  Vanoc's  servants,  to  her  bed — a  war 
had  ensued  between  Vanoc  and  Cartismand — Cartis- 
mand, being  worsted  in  a  battle,  had  begged  protec- 
tion from  the  Romans — she  had  previously  ingratiated 
herself  with  them  by  betraying  Caradoc  to  them — at 
the  opening  of  the  play,  Didius  arrives  in  Britain  to 
take  on  him  the  command  of  the  Roman  forces— 
Vanoc  and  Valens  had  been  formerly  friends,  and 
Vanoc  had  promised  his  daughter  to  Valens — but 
Vanoc,  on  quarrelling  with  the  Romans,  had  betrothed 
her  to  Yvor — Yvor  and  Gwendolen  are  mutually  in 
love — Yvor  defeats  the  Caledonians,  whom  Cartis- 
mand had  called  in  to  her  assistance — Gwendolen 
goes  to  the  temple  of  Adraste  to  return  thanks  for 
the  victory — on  her  return  she  is  taken  prisoner  by 
the  Romans — in  the  3d  act,  Valens  comes  to  Vanoc 
with  offers  of  peace — Vanoc  rejects  all  offers  of  peace 
till  Cartismand  and  Gwendolen  shall  have  been  given 
up  to  him — Cartismand  desires  Didius  to  commit 
Gwendolen  to  her  custody — he  refuses  to  do  so— 
Vanoc  and  Yvor  attack  the  Roman  Camp,  and  make 
themselves  masters  of  it— in  the  mean  time  Cartis- 
mand had  stabbed  Gwendolen — when  Yvor  enters, 
he  finds  her  dying — Vanoc  vows  vengeance  on  Car- 
tismand— she  kills  herself — the  catastrophe  is  badly 


70  D.  L.  1721-1722. 

managed — Didius  places  Gwendolen  in  his  tent,  and 
says — 

"  Keep  a  strict  watch  Centurion  j  on  your  life 
"  Forbid  all  entrance  here." 

Yet  in  the  very  next  page,  Cartismand,  who  of  all 
persons  is  most  intended  to  be  excluded,  walks  in 
without  any  trouble,  or  without  any  explanation  how 
she  was  able  to  do  so — this  T.  was  written  by  Am- 
brose Philips — it  is  a  pretty  good  play  on  the  whole, 
but  there  is  too  much  love — Vanoc  and  Cartismand 
are  good  characters — the  scene  between  Vanoc  and 
Valens  is  by  far  the  best  thing  Philips  ever  wrote— 
Dr.  Johnson  observes  of  it — "  it  is  confessed  to  be 
"  written  with  great  dramatic  skill,  animated  by  a 
"  spirit  truly  poetical." 

March  5.  Mrs.  Oldfield's  bt.     Way  of  the  World- 

12.  Mrs.  Porter's  bt.  Man  of  the  Mode.  N.  B. 
Booth  being  suddenly  taken  ill,  the  tickets  given  out 
for  Theodosius  will  be  taken  at  this  play. 

27.  Mrs.  Thurmond  acted  Desdemona  for  her  bt. 

April  10.  Griffin  acted  Don  Manuel  for  his  bt. 

18.  Distressed  Mother.     Orestes  =  Mills. 

14.  For  bt.  of  the  Author.  Busy  Body.  Sir 
Jealous  Traffick  =  Harper  :  Patch  is  omitted — rest  as 
Nov.  16  1719. 

17.  Thurmond's  bt.     Mourning  Bride. 

23.  For  bt.  of  Williams.  Theodosius.  Varanes 
=  Booth  :  Theodosius  =  Williams :  Marcian  =  Mills  : 
Atticus  =  Boman  :  Athanais  =  Mrs.  Porter  :  Pulche- 
ria  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

25.  For  bt.  of  Bickerstaff,  who  by  lameness  with 
the  gout  has  not  appeared  on  the  stage  for  above  this 


D.  L.    1721-1722.  71 

twelvemonth.  Old  Batchelor.  N.B.  he  hopes  his 
friends  will  not  forsake  him — he  being  very  ill  and 
unable  to  wait  on  them. 

#7.  Comical  Lovers. 

May  5.  Boman's  bt.     Henry  4th  part  2d. 

14.  For  bt.  of  Theophilus  Cibber.     Richard  3d.- 
it  was  advertised  some  days  before  with  "noverint  uni- 
*«  versi"  at  the  top  of  the  bill— and  at  the  bottom 
"  for  the  entertainment  of  those  who  will  come." 

21.  Henry  8th.  the  principal  parts  by  Booth— 
Cibber — Wilks — Mills — Johnson — Thurmond— Mil- 
ler— Williams — Penkethman — Norris — Queen  Katha- 
rine =  Mrs.  Porter. 

24.  Rule  a  Wife.     Estifania  =  Mrs.  Oldfield,  being 
the  last  time  of  her  acting  till  winter. 

30.  Fatal  Marriage.     Count  Baldwin  =  Boman  : 
— last  play. 


Summer. 

June  12.  Tempest. 

July  10.  Bartholomew  Fair.  N.B.  this  is  the  last 
play  that  will  be  acted  this  summer,  by  reason  the 
theatre  is  to  be  painted  against  the  Company's  open- 
ing at  the  beginning  of  Sep.  next.  {Bills  from  B.  M.) 


L.  i.  F.   1721-1722. 


L.  I.  F.   1721-1722. 

Sept.  23.  King  Lear.     Bastard  =  Walker. 

27.  Love's  last  Shift.  Sir  Novelty  Fashion  =  C. 
Bullock  :  Elder  Worthy  =  Quin  :  Younger  Worthy  = 
Leigh :  Snap  —  Spiller :  Sly  =  Bullock :  Amanda  = 
Mrs.  Seymour  :  Flareit  =  Mrs.  Egleton. 

Oct.  3.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Carlos  =.  Walker  : 
Louisa  =  Mrs.  Seymour  :  Angelina  =  Miss  Stone  : 
Elvira  —  Mrs.  Egleton. 

5.  Not  acted  6  years,  Orphan.  Castalio  =  Ryan  : 
Chamont  =  Quin  :  Polydore  =  Walker :  Acasto  =  Bo- 
heme :  Chaplain  =  C.  Bullock  :  Monimia  =  Mrs.  Sey- 
mour. 

7.  Richard  3d.     Richmond  —  Walker. 

10.  Measure  for  Measure.     Lucio^C.  Bullock. 

12.  Recruiting  Officer.  Worthy  =  Walker  :  Kite 
=  Hall :  Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Seymour. 

14.  Tamerlane.  Moneses  =  Ryan  :  Axalla  =  Wal- 
ker. 

17.  Jew  of  Venice.  Shylock  =  Boheme :  Antonio 
=  Ryan :  Bassanio  =  Walker :  Gratiano =C.  Bullock : 
Portia  =  Mrs.  Seymour  :  Nerissa  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

19.  Provoked  Wife.   Mademoiselle  =  Mrs.  Egleton. 

20.  Unhappy   Favourite.     Essex  =  Ryan  :   South- 
ampton =  Walker :    Burleigh  =  Quin  :  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Bullock:  Rutland  =  Mrs.    Seymour:  Nottingham  = 
Mrs.  Egleton. 

21.  Merry  Wives  of  Windsor.     Sir  Hugh  Evans 
=  Phipps  :  Dr.  Caius  =:  Spiller  :  Mrs.  Quickly  =  Mrs. 
Egleton. 

24.  Richard  the  2d. 


L.I.  F.   1721-1722.  73 

25.  Emperour  of  the  Moon.  Harlequin  =  Spiller : 
Scaramouch  =  Bullock  :  Dr.  Baliardo  =  Hall  i  Char- 
mante  =  Ryan  :  Cinthio  =  Quin  :  M opsophil  =  Mrs. 
Egleton  :  Bellemante  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  (Mrs.  Cross 
acted  the  part  Feb.  6  1721) — with  Country  Wake. 

28.  Henry  4th  Part  1st.  Falstaff  =  Quin  :  Hot- 
spur =  Walker :  King  =  Boheme  :  Prince  of  Wales 
=  Ryan :  Vernon  =  Egleton  :  Francis  =  Spiller  : 
Kate  =  Mrs.  Bullock:  Hostess  =  Mrs.  Egleton. 

31.  Coriolanus. 

Nov.  2.  Abra-Mule. 

9.  Don  Sebastian  =  Walker :  Dorax  =  Quin:  An- 
tonio =  C.  Bullock  :  Mufti  =  Bullock  :  Mustapha  = 
Spiller:  Benducar  =  Boheme  :  Almeyda  —  Mrs.  Sey- 
mour: Moray  ma  —  Mrs,  Bullock:  Johayma  :=  Mrs. 
Egleton. 

11.  Oronooko  =  Walker  :   Aboan  =  Quin:  Gover- 
nour  =  Boheme  .-^Daniel  =  Spiller  :  Imoinda  =:  Mrs. 
Bullock :  Chariot  Welldon  =  Mrs.  Seymour :    Wi- 
dow =  Mrs.  Egleton":  Lucy  Welldon  —  Miss  Stone. 

12.  Fair  Quaker.     Flip  =  Spiller :  Mizen  =  Egle- 
ton :  Worthy  =  Ryan  :  Rovewell  =  C.  Bullock :  Sir 
Charles  Pleasant  =  Walker  :  Dorcas  =  Mrs.  Rogeir : 
Arabella  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

15.  Merry  Wives.     Mrs.  Quic'dy  =  Mrs.  Giffard : 
— probably~a  mistake  for  Mrs.  Egleton. 

16.  For  the  bt.  of  the  author,  Fair  Captive. 

18.  Never  acted  there,  Strategem.  Archer  =  Ryan : 
Scrub  =  C.  Bullock  :  Aim  well  =  Walker :  Boniface  = 
Bullock:  Foigard  =  Spiller :  Sullen  =  Quin:  Gibbet 
=  Egleton  :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Seymour  :  Cherry 
r=  Mrs.  Rogeir  :  Dorinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Lady 
Bountiful  =  Mrs.  Egleton. 


74  L.  i.  F.  1721-1722. 

25.  Hamlet.     Horatio  =  Walker. 

29.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  =  Spiller  :  Sir  George 
=  Ryan:  Ch arles  =  Walker  :  Patch  =  Mrs.  Egleton: 
Miranda  =  Mrs.  Parlour. 

Dec.  1.  Love's  last  Shift.  Younger  Worthy  =  Wal- 
ker :  Sir  W.  Wisewood  =  Hall :  Griffin's  name  was  in 
the  bill  Sept.  27,  but  he  probably  did  not  act  the 
character. 

2.  Never  acted  there,  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier 
=  Ryan :  Pierre  =  Quin :  Renault  =  C.  Bullock  :  Pri- 
uli  —  Boheme  :  Bedamar  =  Walker :  Antonio  —  Spil- 
ler: Belvideran:  Mrs.  Seymour. 

11.  Not  acted  5  years,  London  Cuckolds.     Ram- 
ble —  Ryan :  Townly  =:  Walker  :  Wiseacre  —  Bullock : 
Doodle  —  Hall :  Dashwell  =  Spiller  :  Loveday  =  Egle- 
ton  :  Arabella  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Eugenia  =  Mrs.  Pur- 
den  :  Peggy  =  Mrs.  Rogeir  :  Jane  =  Mrs.  Egleton. 

12.  C.  Bullock's  bt.  Double  Dealer.     Maskwell  = 
Quin  :  Sir  Paul  Plyant  =  Phipps :    Careless  =  Ryan  : 
Brisk  =  C.    Bullock :     Mellefont  =  Walker  :    Lord 
Touchwood  =  Boheme  :  Lord  Froth  =  Egleton  :  Lady 
Touchwood  —  Mrs.  Seymour :   Lady  Froth  =  Mrs. 
Bullock:  Lady  Plyant  =  Mrs.   Egleton:    Cynthia  = 
Mrs.  Rogeir. 

16.  Richard  3d.  Duchess  of  York  =  Mrs.  Egleton. 

18.  Not  acted  15  years,  Injured  Love,  or  the  Lady's 
Satisfaction.  Young  Scrape  —  Egleton  :  Snuffle  =  C. 
Bullock :  Rashlove  =Ryan  :  Thrivemore  =  Quin  : 
Capt.  Cruize  =  Walker  :  Sir  Bookish  Outside  =  Bul- 
lock :  Sir  Saveall  Scrape  =  Phipps  :  Tipple  —  Spiller : 
Surefriend  =  Diggs  :  Fidelia  disguised  as  Ogle  — Mi's. 
Bullock  :  Lucie  disguised  as  Frolick  =  Mrs.  Rogeir : 
Lady  Outside  =  Mrs.  Egleton :  Widow  Richlove  = 


L.  i.  F.  1721-1722.  75 

Mrs.  Seymour  :  Charmilla  =  Mrs.   Stone  : — acted   5 
times— it  came  out  at  D.  L.  April  7  171 1. 

Jan  9-  Never  acted  there,  Soldier's  Fortune.  Beau- 
guard  =  Quin  :  Sir  Jolly  Jumble  =  Bullock  :  Courtine 
=  Ryan  :  Fourbin  =  Spiller  :  Bloody  Bones  =  Hall : 
Lady  Dunce  =  Mrs.  Seymour  :  Sylvia  Mrs.  Bullock  : 
Sir  Davy  Dunce  =  C.  Bullock: — this  seems  to  have 
been  his  last  time  of  performing — Soldier's  Fortune 
was  acted  6  times. 

10.  Othello  =  Quin :  lago  =  Ryan  :  Cassio  =  Wal- 
ker :    Brabantio  =  Boheme  :     Roderigo  =  Egleton  : 
DesdemonaziMrs.  Seymour:  JEmilia=MrB.  Egleton. 

11.  Fatal  Extravagance  and  Country  House. 

13.  Not  acted  3  years,  Old  Batchelor.  Heartwell  = 
Quin  :  Bellmour  =  Walker :  Fondlewife  =  Aston, 
being  his  1  st  appearance  on  this  stage  :  Sir  Joseph 
Wittol  =  Bullock :  Capt.  Bluff  =  Hall:  Vainlove  = 
Ryan  :  Setter  =  Stiller  :  Sharper  =  Egleton  :  Lretitia 
=  Mrs.  Seymour:  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock:  Ara- 
minta  =  Mrs.  Rogeir  :  Sylvia  =  Miss  Stone  :  Lucy 
=  Mrs.  Egleton. 

Aston  was  a  celebrated  itinerant  actor — on  Jan.  4 
1717  N.  S.  Tony  Aston  from  Bath  is  said  to  have 
performed  at  the  Globe  and  Marlborough  Head  in 
Fleet- Street,  every  Monday,  Wednesday  and  Fri- 
day. (British  Museum.} 

He  wrote  a  theatrical  pamphlet  in  24  pages — he 
calls  it  in  the  title  page.  "  A  Brief  Supplement  to 
"  Colley  Gibber  Esqre;  his  Lives  of  the  famous 

"  Actors   and  Actresses Si  tu  sets,  nielior  ego — 

"  By  Anthony,  Vulgo  Tony,  Aston — printed  for  the 
"  Author" — he  begins  with  observing — "  Mr.  Gibber 
"  is  guilty  of  omission,  that  he  hath  not  given  us  any 


76  L.  i.  F.   1721-1722. 

"  description  of  the  several  personages'  beauties,  or 
"  faults — faults  (I  say)  of  the  several  Actors,  &c.  for 

"  Nemo  sine  crimine  vivit. 

11  Or,  as  the  late  Duke  of  Buckingham  says  of  cha- 
"  racters,  that  to  show  a  man  not  defective, 

"  were  to  draw 


"  A  faultless  monster,  that  the  world  ne'er  saw." 

He  concludes  with  saying — "  The  second  part  of 
"  their  lives,  with  the  continuation  of  Joe  Haines's 

"  pranks,  the  author  hopes  a  fresh  advance  for 

"  in  the  interim,  he  thanks  his  friends" Aston's 

pamphlet  is  without  a  date — but  it  was  certainly 
written  after  July  17^7,  and  probably  before  Sep. 
17^8  when  Mrs.  Bracegirdle  died — in  speaking  of 
her  he  concludes  thus — "  she  was  alive  July  20  1747 ; 
"  for  I  saw  her  in  the  Strand,  London,  then — with 
"  the  remains  of  charming  Bracegirdle." 

Isaac  Reed  wrote  his  name  in  his  copy  of  Aston's 
little  book,  with  the  date  of  1769 — he  says — "  this 
"  Pamphlet  contains  several  circumstances  concern- 
"  ing  the  Performers  of  the  last  century,  which 
"  are  no  where  else  to  be  found — it  seems  never  to 

"  have  been  published" he  adds — "  Easter  Mon- 

"  day  179-5 — though  I  have  now  possessed  this 
"  pamphlet  26  years,  it  is  remarkable  that  I  never 
"  have  seen  another  copy  of  it" — Isaac  Reed's  copy 
fell  into  the  hands  of  Mr.  Field — I  purchased  it  at 
Mr.  Field's  sale  in  1827  for  £1  :  16s. 

Aston  says — "  I  came  on  the  stage  at  the  latter 
"  end  of  King  William's  reign,  when  Dogget  left  it, 
"  and  when  Joe  Haines  was  declining  in  years  and 


L.  i.  F.  1721-1722.  77 

"  reputation" — Dogget's  retirement  was  only  tempo- 
rary, he  returned  to  the  stage  in  1701 — Joe  Haines 

died  in  the  same  year Anthony  Aston  seems  to 

have  been  the  person  mentioned  in  Estcourt's  adver- 
tisement (see  Estcourt  D.  L.  1712)  as  Trusty  An- 
thony, who  had  adorned  both  the  theatres  in  Eng- 
land and  Ireland — Chetwood  says  he  played  in  all  the 
theatres  in  London,  but  never  continued  long  in  any ; 
his  way  of  living  was  peculiar  to  himself,  he  used  to  re- 
sort to  the  principal  cities  and  towns  in  England  with 
his  Medley,  as  he  called  it,  which  consisted  of  some 
capital  scenes  of  humour  out  of  the  most  celebrated 
plays — his  company  was  generally  composed  of  him- 
self, his  wife  and  son  ;  between  every  scene,  a  song 
or  dialogue  of  his  own  composition  filled  up  the  slen- 
der entertainment :  he  pretended  a  right  to  every 
town  he  entered,  and  if  a  company  came  to  any 
place  where  he  exhibited  his  compositions,  he  would 
use  all  his  art  to  evacuate  the  place  of  these  inter- 
lopers, as  he  called  them ;  as  he  was  a  person  of 
humour  and  proper  assurance  he  generally  contrived 
to  pick  up  a  livelihood — he  was  as  well  known  in 
every  town,  as  the  post-horse  that  carried  the  mail 
— Chetwood  believed  he  was  still  travelling  in  1749. 
Jan.  22.  Never  acted,  Love  and  Duty,  or  the  Dis- 
tressed Bride.  Danaus  (King  of  Argos)  =  Boheme : 
Lynceus  (one  of  the  sons  of  ^Egyptus)  =  Quin  :  Idas 
(his  friend)  =  Egleton  :  Hypermnestra  (daughter  to 
Danaus)  —  Mrs.  Seymour :  Iris  (her  confidant)  =  Mrs. 
Egleton  : — acted  6  times — this  T.  was  written  by 
Sturmy — ^Egyptus  having  50  sons,  and  his  brother 
Danaus  as  many  daughters,  the  former  wished  to 
make  a  general  family  match — Danaus  and  his  daugh- 


78  L.  i.  F.  -1721-1722. 

ters  to  avoid  this,  made  their  escape  to  Argos,  where 
they  were  received  in  a  friendly  manner — on  this 
simple  story  J3schylus  has  written  his  Supplicants— 
Sturmy's  play  is  a  sort  of  second  part  to  the  Greek 
Tragedy — he  makes  some  additions  to  the  story,  but 
not  so  as  to  contradict  the  more  important  parts  of  it 
— Lynceus  had  come  to  Argos  as  a  stranger — he  had 
saved  the  life  of  Danaus,  and  had  fallen  in  love  with 
Hypermnestra — she  had  fallen  in  love  with  him — 
Danaus  had  resolved  that  his  daughters  should  riot 
marry,  as  an  oracle  had  foretold  that  he  should  be 
killed  by  a  son  in  law — the  other  sons  of  .ZEgyptus 
arrive  in  Argos,  but  do  not  appear  on  the  stage— 
Danaus  consents  that  his  50  daughters  should  marry 
their  cousins — he  however  exacts  a  promise  from  each 
of  them,  that  she  will  murder  her  husband  on  the 
wedding  night — Hypermnestra  promises  as  the  rest 
—not  knowing  at  that  time  that  her  lover  is  Lyn- 
ceus— in  the  3d  act,  Lynceus  discovers  himself  to 
her — Danaus  also  finds  who  he  is — in  the  4th  act,  the 
marriages  take  place — and  49  of  the  bridegrooms  are 
murdered  by  their  brides — Hypermnestra  acknow- 
ledges to  Danaus,  that  she  had  suffered  Lynceus  to 
escape — he  threatens  her  with  death — in  the  5th  act, 
Danaus  is  going  to  stab  Hypermnestra,  when  Lyn- 
ceus enters,  and  seizes  his  sword — he  offers  to  kill 
Danaus — Hypermnestra  places  herself  before  her 
father — Lynceus  casts  away  the  sword,  and  embraces 
Hypermnestra — the  guards  of  Danaus  come  to  his 
assistance,  and  Lynceus  is  led  off  for  execution— 
the  people  side  with  Lynceus  and  kill  Danaus — Pau- 
sanias,  in  his  2d  book,  says  that  Danaus  brought 
Hypermnestra  to  trial,  for  having  suffered  Lynceus  to 


L.  I.  F.    1721-1722.  79 

escape,  and  that  the  Argives  acquitted  her — Pausa- 
nias  tells  us  in  what  manner  Danaus  became  King  of 
Argos,  and  that  Lynceus  succeeded  him,  but  he  does 
not  say  whether  Danaus  died  a  natural,  or  a  violent 

death Sturmy  has  been  peculiarly  unfortunate  in 

the  choice  of  his  subject,  as  hardly  any  abilities  could 
make  such  a  mythological  story  palatable  to  an  Eng- 
lish audience — except  the  use  of  Sir  and  my  Lord, 
there  is  nothing  absurd  in  this  T.,  but  it  is  void  of 
incident  and  dull — Mrs.  Seymour  in  the  Epilogue  is 
jocose  on  the  subject  of  the  play,  but  the  lines  must 
not  be  quoted. 

Feb.  2.  Never  acted  there,  Drummer.  Sir  George 
Truman  —  Ryan :  Vellum  =  Aston :  Tinsel  =  Egleton : 
Fantome  =  Walker  :  Butler  =  Spiller  :  Coachman  = 
Bullock  :  Gardener  =  Phipps  :  Abigail  =  Mrs.  Egle- 
ton :  Lady  Truman  =  Mrs.  Bullock  : — when  the 
Drummer  came  out  at  D.  L.  March  10  1716,  it  was 
acted  but  3  times — on  the  present  revival  it  was  acted 
12  times  with  inferiour  performers — this  is  easily  ac- 
counted for — in  1716  it  was  not  known  who  was  the 
author — Addison  died  in  1719,  and  Steele  had  now 
told  the  world  that  the  Drummer  was  written  by  him. 

13.  Hibernia  Freed.  O  Brien  (Monarch  of  Ire- 
land) =Boheme  :  O  Neill  (King  of  Ulster)  =  Ryan  : 
Turgesius  (King  of  Denmark)  =  Quin  :  Erric  (a 
Danish  officer)  =  Walker :  O  Connor  (in  love  with 
Agnes)  =  Egleton  :  Herimon  (her  father)  =  Hulett : 
Eugenius  (a  bard)  =  Rogers  :  Sabina  (daughter  to 
O  Brien)  =  Mrs.  Seymour :  Agnes  (in  love  with 
Connor)  =  Mrs.  Bullock  : — acted  7  times — O  Brien 
is  reduced  to  be  a  precarious  king  at  the  will  of  the 
Danes — O  Neill  recovers  his  country  from  their  gripe 


80  L.  i.  F.  1721-1722. 

—he  comes  to  the  assistance  of  O  Brien — O  Neill 
and  Sabina  are  mutually  in  love — Turgesius  falls  in 
love  with  Sabina — she  rejects  his  addresses — Turge- 
sius orders  O  Brien  to  send  Sabina  and  14>  other 
virgins  to  his  camp,  on  the  ensuing  night — O  Neill 
and  14  other  young  men  are  sent  to  the  Danish 
Camp  disguised  as  virgins — in  the  1st  scene  of  the 
5th  act,  Erric  tells  Turgesius  that  the  victims  are  ar- 
rived— Erric  exhorts  Turgesius  to  attack  the  foe — Tur- 
gesius determines  to  devote  the  night  to  love — Erric 
brings  in  O  Neill,  covered  with  a  long  black  veil  as  Sa- 
bina— Erric  retires — O  Neill  discovers  himself— he  ad- 
vances swiftly  to  Turgesius  with  a  dagger  in  his  hand, 
but  does  not  kill  him — O  Connor  kills  Emc,  and  the 
other  young  men  kill  the  other  ravishers — the  Danes 
on  finding  that  their  King  is  a  prisoner,  and  their 
chiefs  slain,  throw  down  their  arms,  and  seek  for 
safety  in  flight — Turgesius  is  led  off — and  Hibernia 
is  Freed — O  Neill  and  Connor  are  united  to  Sabina 
and  Agnes — this  is  a  dull  T.  with  little  or  no  incident 
till  the  5th  act — it  was  written  by  William  Philips. 

26.  Soldier's  Fortune.     Sir  David  Dunce  =  Aston. 

March  5.  Ryan's  bt.  Committee.    Teague  =  Aston, 
after  the  manner  of  Estcourt,  with  a  new  Epilogue  as 
Teague  riding  on  an  ass  :  Obedi  ah  =  Morgan  :   Day 
—  Spiller  :   Careless  =  Ryan :  Blunt  —  Quin  :  Abel  = 
Bullock:    Ruth  =  Mrs.   Bullock:    Mrs.   Day  =  Mrs. 
Egleton:    ArbellarzMrs.   Seymour: — an   edition  of 
the  Committee  was  printed  in  1735  with  the  cast  of 
this  bill,  except  that  C.  Bullock's  name  by  mistake 
stands  to  Obediah — his  usual  part. 

8.  Mrs.  Seymour's  bt.  Island  Princess.  Comic  parts 
by  Bullock,  Aston,  and  Spiller — the  rest  as  before. 


L.  i.  F.  1721-1722.  81 

10.  Mrs.  Bullock's  bt.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  = 
Pack,  being  the  first  time  of  his  acting  this  season 
and  the  last  time  he  will  acton  any  stage— see  April 
21  and  May  7  1724% 

15.  Quin's  bt.  Spanish  Fryar.  Dominic  =  Quin, 
1st  time  :  Gomez  =  Aston  :  Torrismond  =  Ryan  : 
Lorenzo  =  Walker  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Seymour :  Elvira 
=  Mrs.  Bullock  : — with  a  new  Farce,  in  one  act, 
called  Hanging  and  Marriage,  or  the  Dead  Man's 
Wedding — see  B.D. 

26.  For  the  bt.  of  Christopher  Bullock  (who  in 
great  distress  has  kept  his  chamber  these  two  months, 
under  a  severe  and  expensive  sickness)  Merry  Wives 
of  Windsor.  Slender  — W.  Bullock. 

29-  Boheme's  bt.  Pilgrim.  Pedro  =  Ryan :  Al- 
phonso  =  Aston  :  Mad  Scholar  =  Boheme  :  Alinda  = 
Mrs.  Cross  :  Juletta  =  Mrs.  Spiller. 

31.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Egleton.  Don  Quix- 
ote. Don  Quixote  =  Boheme  :  Sancho  =  Hall :  Am- 
brosio  =  Walker :  Chaplain  =  Bullock  :  Gardener  = 
Spiller  :  Taylor  r=  Aston  :  Ravished  Woman  =  Mr. 
Morgan  :  Marcella  =  Mrs.  Cross  :  Moll  the  Buxom  = 
Mrs.  Egleton  : — from  the  parts  which  Mrs.  Egleton 
had  played  this  season  there  can  be  little  doubt  of 
her  having  been  Mrs.  Giffard  before  her  marriage 

Chetwood  says — "  Egleton  was  commonly  called 

"  Baron  Egleton,  for  taking  that  title  upon  him  in 
"  France,  where  he  squandered  away  a  small  patri- 
"  mony — his  person  was  perfectly  genteel,  and  he 
"  was  a  very  pleasing  actor,  but  through  a  wild  road 
"  of  life,  he  finished  his  journey  in  the  29th  year  of 
"  his  age." 

April  3.  Spiller's  bt.  Squire  of  Alsatia— your  vote 

VOL.  III.  O 


82  L.  i.  F.    1721-1722. 

and  interest  are  desired  by  James  Spiller  Comedian, 
being  a  person  well  affected  to  the  present  establish- 
ment of  the  said  theatre — with  a  new  Epilogue  to  be 
spoken  by  him  on  the  occasion. 

13.  Woman's  Revenge.  Mrs.  Mixum  =  Mrs.  Egle- 
ton. 

19.  Mrs.  Cross  acted  the  Wanton  Wife  for  her  bt. 

21.  For  the  author.  Sir  Walter  Raleigh  with  a  new 
additional  scene  of  the  madness  of  Cobham. 

May  4.  Woman's  a  Riddle.  Sir  Amorous  Vain- 
wit  =;  Egleton. 

17.  Aston's  bt.    Spanish  Fryar.     Gomez  =  Aston, 
being  his  last  time  of  acting  there. 

18.  Aston  acted  Fondlewife. 
23.  Aston  acted  Scrub. 

June  2.  King  Lear — last  play. 


Summer. 

June  13.  Not  acted  30  years,  the  Histoiy  arid  Fall 
of  Domitian,  or  the  Roman  Actor — revived  with  alter- 
ations. Paris  r=  Walker  :  Domitian  =  Boheme  :  Par- 
thenius  =  Ogden :  ^Elius  Lamia  =  Leigh  :  Junius  Rus- 
ticus  =  Diggs  :  Aretinus  (Caesar's  spy)  —  Smith  : 
Philargus  =  Phipps  :  1st  Tribune  =  Hulett :  Augusta 
=  Mrs.  Seymour  :  Domitilla  (cousin  to  Caesar)  = 
Mrs.  Spiller  :  Julia  (the  daughter  of  Titus)  =  Mrs. 
Parlour : — acted  4<  times — Paris  is  the  Roman  Actor 
—he  is  cited  before  the  Senate — he  enters  boldly  into 
a  vindication  of  the  stage — Parthenius,  by  the  Em- 
perour's  orders,  takes  Domitia  from  her  husband, 
Lamia — he  forces  him  to  sign  a  divorce  —Do- 


L.  i.  F.    1721-1722. 

mitia  is  made  Augusta — in  the  next  act  Lamia  is  put 
to  death  — Phil argus,  the  father  of  Parthenius,  is  a 
rich  miser  —Paris  suggests  that  he  might  perhaps  be 
cured  of  his  avarice  by  a  play  on  that  subject — at  the 
request  of  Parthenius,  a  little  play,  or  scene  is  repre- 
sented before  the  Emperour  and  Empress — Phi- 
largus  is  compelled  to  be  present  at  it — he  considers 
this  as  a  loss  of  time,  but  is  tolerably  well  reconciled 
to  his  fate,  when  he  is  told  that  he  will  have  nothing 
to  pay — the  play  has  no  effect  on  him — Domitia's 
attention  is  engaged  by  Paris — she  wishes  him  to  play 
a  lover — he  accordingly  acts  Iphis— Domitilla  is 
forced  to  play  Anaxarete— (see  Ovid  b.  14  1.  698)— 
Domitia  takes  so  lively  an  interest  in  all  that  Iphis 
says  and  does,  that  she  makes  it  pretty  plain  that  she 
is  in  love  with  Paris — Aretinus  accuses  her  to  the 
Emperour — Domitia  sends  for  Paris  to  her  private 
garden — she  tells  him,  that  she  believes  he  possesses 
all  those  excellent  gifts  in  reality,  with  which  she  had 
seen  him  graced  on  the  stage — to  this  he  replies— 

"  The  argument 

"  Is  the  same,  great  Augusta,  that  I,  acting 

"  A  fool,  a  coward,  a  traitor,  or  cold  cynick, 

"  Or  any  other  weak  and  vicious  person, 

"  Of  force  I  must  be  such.    O,  gracious  madam, 

"  How  glorious  soever,  or  deform'd, 

'*  I  do  appear  in  the  scene,  my  part  being  ended, 

"  And  all  my  borrow'd  ornaments  put  off, 

"  I  am  no  more,  nor  less,  than  what  I  was 

"  Before  I  enter'd." 

Domitia  makes  downright  love  to  Paris — he  is  in  a 
dilemma  between  his  faith  to  the  Emperour  and  his 

o  2 


81<  L.  i.  F.  1721-1722. 

fear  of  offending  Domitia — he  at  first  rejects  her  soli- 
citations, and  then   seems  inclined  to  yield  to  them 
—Domitian,  who  had  overheard  a  part  of  their  con- 
versation, comes  forward — Paris  is  so  great  a  favour- 
ite with  him,  that  he  does  not  know  how  to  acquit  or 
punish  him — at  last  he  orders  Paris  to  act  a  tragedy 
called  "  the  False  Servant" — in  which  he  says  he  will 
play  a  part  himself — ./Esopus  offers  Domitian  a  foil — 
he  declines  it — when  it  is  in  his  part  to  kill  Paris,  he 
makes   use   of  his  own  sword — he  is  so  infatuated 
with   Domitia,   that  he  not  only  pardons  her,  but 
courts  her  favour — she  treats  him  with  such  insolence, 
that  he  at  last  prevails  on  himself  to  put  down  her 
name  in  his  table  book  among  the  persons  who  are 
condemned  to  death — when  the  Emperour  is  asleep, 
Domitia  takes  his  table  book  from  under  his  pillow- 
she  finds  her  name,  and  that  of  Parthenius  written  in 
it— Parthenius  decoys  Domitian  from  his  guards  by 
a  stratagem — Stephanos  and  two  others  kill  Domi- 
tian— for  the  history  see  Suetonius  and  Dio  Cassius 
—this  T.  was  written  by  Massinger — it  was  printed 
in  1629,  and  had  been  acted  at  Black  Friars  —Paris' 
defence  of  the  stage  is  excellent— the  first  of  the  little 
plays,  and  the  scene  between  Paris  and  Domitia  is 
good — the  manner  of  Paris'  death  is  happily  contrived 
—the  rest  of  the  play  has  not  much  to  recommend  it 
—Massinger  has  not  been  judicious  in  the  choice  of 
his  subject  —Domitian  is  a  bad  character  for  the  stage 
—he  excites  no  interest  about  him  — we  detest  lago, 
but  we  are  never  in  a  state  of  apathy,  when  he  is  on 
the  stage — Gifford,  and  the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.   tell 
us  that  the  Roman  Actor  was  revived  by  Betterton- 
but  they  do  not  tell  us  on   what  authority  they  sf< 


i,  i.  F.  1721-1722.  8,5 

this — the  Roman  Actor  is  riot  enumerated  by  Gildon 
among  Betterton's  parts — Downes  and  Larigbaine 
do  not  give  us  any  intimation  that  the  play  had  been 
revived see  D.  L.  May  23  1796. 

Aug.  1.  Not  acted  2  years,  Titus  Andronicus. 
Aaron  =  Walker  :  Titus  =  Boheme  :  Emperour  = 
Leigh  :  Tamora  =  Mrs.  Seymour  :  Lavinia  =  Mrs. 
Morgan. 

3.  Devil  of  a  Wife.     Jobson  =  Spiller. 

No  more  bills.     (Sills  from  B.  M.) 

Miss  Stone's  name  does  not  occur  after  this  season 
—she  is  said  to  have  recommended  herself  to  the 
favour  of  the  public,  by  her  genteel  figure,  her  agree- 
able countenance,  and  her  pleasing  voice — Davies,  in 
his  Dramatic  Miscellanies  vol.  2,  p.  331,  gives  an  inte- 
resting account  of  the  cruel  treatment  which  this  poor 
woman  met  with — it  is  not  here  inserted,  as  the  pri- 
vate affairs  of  the  performers  have  little  or  no  con- 
nexion with  the  History  of  the  Stage. 

Christopher  Bullock  was  a  very  promising  actor, 
and  in  the  road  to  excellence — he  seems  to  have 
possessed  a  considerable  versatility  of  talent — his 
promptitude  in  altering  and  getting  up  pieces  for  the 
theatre  was  on  the  whole  commendable,  but  in  one 
or  two  instances  he  took  rather  an  unfair  advantage 
of  what  was  going  forward  at  D.  L. 


C.  Bullock's  characters — selection  only. 

D.  L.  1708.     Hippolito  in  Tempest. 
Hay.    1709-1710.      Thomas   Appletrec- Edward 
the  3d. 


86  L.  i.  F    1721-1722. 

D.  L.  1710-1711.  Gratiano  in  Jew  of  Venice- 
Sir  Richard  Vernon — Vermin  in  Soldier's  Fortune. 

1711-1712.  Macahone  in  Stage  Coach. 

1712-1713.  Pedro  in  Pilgrim. 

1713-1714.  *Don  Pedro  in  Wonder. 

L.  I.  F.  1714-1715.  Fondle  wife— *Trick  well  in 
Slip — Clodio  in  Love  makes  a  Man. 

1715-1716.  Capt.  Brazen — Sir  Novelty  Fashion 
— *  Vizard  in  Woman's  Revenge — Novel  in  Plain 
Dealer — Lord  Rake  in  P.  W. — *  Snuffle  in  Cobler  of 
Preston — Sir  Nicholas  Peakgoose  in  Woman  Captain. 

1716-1717'  Trim  in  Bury  Fair — Younger  Wou'dbe 
in  Twin  Rivals — *Sir  Amorous  Vain  wit  in  Woman's 
a  Riddle — Antonio  in  Don  Sebastian. 

1717.1718.  Sir  Harry  Freelove  in  Artful  Husband 
— Riot  in  Wife's  Relief — *Sir  Francis  Courtall  in 
Artful  Wife — *  Justice  Bindover  in  Perjuror — *Col. 
Feignwell — *Le  Bronze  in  Coquet — probably  Tar- 
tuffe — Obediah  in  Committee. 

1718-1719.  Brisk  in  Double  Dealer— *Marquis 
Vilnaissance  in  Younger  Brother. 

1719-1720.  roins— 2d  WTitch— Osrick— Prigg  in 
Royal  Merchant — *Bardach  in  Kensington  Gardens 
— Bishop  of  Carlisle  in  Richard  2d — Shatillion  in 
D'Urfey's  Cymbeline — *  Meagre  in  Half  Pay  Officers 
— *Ned  Indolent  in  Whig  and  Tory — Gripe  in  Con- 
federacy. 

1720-1721.  Slender— Constant  in  P.  W.— Alder- 
man  Whitebroth  in  Cheats. 

1721-1722.  Chaplain  in  Orphan — Lucio  in  Mea- 
sure for  Measure  —  Scrub  —  Renault  —  Snuffle  in 
Injured  Love — Sir  Davy  Dunce  in  Soldier's  Fortune. 

*   Originally. 


L.  i.  F.    1721-1722.  87 

C.  Bullock  is  mostly  called  Bullock  Jun.  in  the 
Bills. 

Pack  (probably  George  Pack — see  the  petition  to 
Queen  Anne)  left  the  stage  in  the  meridian  of  life  and 
set  up  a  tavern  near  Charing  Cross  where  he  died, 
having  no  wife  nor  children  — he  once  went  to  Ire- 
land, but  was  so  frightened  by  a  storm  at  sea,  that  he 
could  not  appear  half  himself  to  the  publick;  and  to 
lessen  his  voyage  back  again,  he  travelled  to  the 
north  of  Ireland  and  embarked  for  Scotland — he 
first  came  on  the  stage  as  a  Singer,  and  being  a 
smock-faced  youth  used  to  sing  in  the  female  parts 
— he  was  excellent  in  many  characters — as  Marplot 
— Capt.  Mizen — Maiden  &c. — nature  seemed  to 
mean  him  for  such  sort  of  parts.  (CJietwood.) 


Pack's  characters — selection  only. 

L.  I.  F.  1700.  Westmoreland  in  Henry  4th  part  1st. 

1702.     *Stratocles  in  Tamerlane— he  acted  some 
other  small  parts  in  Tragedy — *Ogle  in  Beau's  Duel. 

1703-1704.     *Fetch  in  Stage  Coach. 

L.  I.  F.  and  Hay.  1704-1705.  *The  Biter— *  Hector 
in  Gamester. 

Hay.  1705-170G.  *  Brass — *  Lopez  in  Mistake. 

1706-1707.  Kite — Mad  Priest  in  Pilgrim— Antonio 
in  Venice  Preserved — Nicodemus  Somebody  in  Stage 
Coach — Sosia — Shamtown  in  Fortune  Hunters  — 
Young  Harfortin  Lancashire  Witches — Snatchpenny 
in  Sauny  the  Scot — Foppington  in  City  Heiress — 
Rabby  Busy  in  Bartholomew  Fair. 

1707-1708.     *  .Saunter  in  Double  Gallant— Rake- 
hell  in  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd. 


88  L.  i.  F.  1721-1722. 

D.  L.  1708.  Sir  Mannerly  Shallow  in  Country 
Wit — Tattle — Sancho  in  Successful  Strangers — Watt 
in  Debauchee. 

1708-1709.  Cuff  in  Epsom  Wells— *Sir  Thread- 
bare Gentry  in  Rival  Fools — Tribulation  in  Alche- 
mist— Leucippe  in  Humorous  Lieutenant — *Marplot 
in  B.  B. 

1709-1710.  Abel  in  Committee— *  Toby  in  Walk- 
ing Statue — Crispin  in  Anatomist — *Capt.  Mizen  in 
Fair  Quaker — Bustopha  in  Maid  in  the  Mill — Rode- 
rigo  in  Othello. 

1710.1711.     Beau  in  ^Esop— *  Marplot  in  ditto- 
Chaplain  in  Orphan — Hidewell  in   Spanish  Wives- 
Sir  Nicholas  Dainty  in  Volunteers — Sam  Gaymood 
in  Love's  a  Jest. 

1711-1712.  Jeffery  in  Amorous  Widow — Zekiel 
in  Madam  Fickle — *Friendly  in  Country  Wake  as 
Farce — *  Young  Cash  in  Wife's  Relief — Pounce  in 
Tender  Husband — *Timothy  in  Perplexed  Lovers— 
Craffy  in  City  Politics — Brush  in  Love  and  a  Bottle 
—Puny  in  Cutter  of  Coleman  Street. 

1712-171S.     Nurse  in  Caius  Marius. 

1713-1714.     *Lissardo— Barnaby  Brittle. 

L.  I.  F.  1714-1715.  *Sir  Anthony  Thinwit  in 
Perplexed  Couple. 

1715-1716.  *Mixum  in  Woman's  Revenge — Jerry 
Blackacre — Razor  in  P.  \V. 

1716-1717.  Higgen  in  Royal  Merchant— *Thisbe 
in  Pyramus  and  Thisbe — Mandrake  in  Twin  Rivals 
— Mustapha  in  Don  Sebastian — *Frank  Flash  in 
Artful  Husband. 

1717.1718.  Symonds  in  Fair  Example — *0be- 
diah  Prim — *  Madam  Filette  in  Coquet. 


JULIUS  CJESAR.  89 

1718-1719.     Sir  Paul  Plyant. 
1720-1721.      Sir   Feeble   Goodwill    in   Quaker's 
Wedding. 

*   Originally. 


JULIUS  CESAR. 

Sheffield  Duke  of  Buckingham  left  behind  him  2 
Tragedies — Julius  Caesar  and  Marcus  Brutus,  both 
founded  on  Shakspeare's  play — they  were  published 
in  1722 — the  Prologue  to  Julius  Caesar  begins  with — 

"  Hope  to  mend  Shakspeare !  or  to  match  his 

"  style ! 
"  JTis  such  a  jest  would  make  a  Stoick  smile." 

Then  why  attempt  it  ? 

Act  1st.  All  the  low  Comedy  of  the  1st  scene  is 
omitted — Antony  offers  Caesar  the  crown  on  the  stage 
— the  scene  between  Brutus  and  Cassius — and  that 
between  Cassius  and  Casca  are  not  materially  altered, 
but  several  unnecessary  changes  are  made. 

Act  2d.  Brutus'  Soliloquy  and  the  scene  with  the 
Conspirators  are  altered  for  the  worse — that  between 
Brutus  and  Portia  is  turned  into  a  contemptible  love 
dialogue Brutus  in  love ! ! ! 

Act  3d   consists  of  the  scene  at  Caesar's  palace 


90  JULIUS  CAESAR. 

badly  altered — Calphurnia  is  omitted,  and  two  Priests 
relate  the  ill  omens  that  have  happened. 

Act  4th  consists  of  the  Senate  scene  considerably 
altered  for  the  worse. 

Act  5th  is  the  scene  in  the  Forum — Brutus*  ad- 
dress to  the  Citizens  is  turned  into  blank  verse  with 
additions— one  line  deserves  to  be  quoted — 

"  And  when  a  grieving  parent  whips  his  child." 

-Then  follows  the  remainder  of  the  scene  not  ma- 
terially altered — with  this  the  play  ends. 

Marcus  Brutus — His  Grace  having  but  2  acts  of  the 
original  play  to  spin  out  into  5,  was  obliged  to  intro- 
duce some  new  characters — thus  we  have  Junia  wife 
to  Cassius  and  sister  to  Brutus — Dolabella — Varius 
a  young  Roman  studying  at  Athens,  &c. 

The  first  three  acts  are  entirely  the  Duke's — in  the 
first  Dolabella  is  most  absurdly  introduced  with  a 
message  from  Antony  to  Brutus,  requesting  him  to 
take  the  sovereign  power  on  himself — in  the  3d  act 
Junia  says — 

"  But  Rome's  at  stake  " — 

To  which  Varius  replies — 

"  And  well  it  would  be  lost, 

"  For  staying  here  one  night  within  these  arms." 

Cassius  is  almost  of  the  same  opinion. 

The  substance  of  the  4th  and  5th  Acts  is  taken 
from  Shakspeare,  but  the  words  are  the  Duke's — the 
quarrelling  scene  is  not  badly  written,  but  it  is  vastly 
inferiour  to  the  original— Cassius  says— 

"  From  a  superiour  my  Stars  defend  me  ! " 


JULIUS  CJESAR.  91 

This  is  quite  wrong,  as  Cassius  was  an  Epicurean 
and  did  not  believe  in  planetary  influence. 

After  Cassius  has  stabbed  himself,  Brutus  comes 
on  before  Cassius  dies — Caesar's  Ghost  appears  to 
Brutus  at  the  close  of  the  3d  act,  and  again  just  as 
he  is  going  to  kill  himself. 

Brutus  some  few  hours  before  his  death  looked  up 
to  heaven  and  quoted  a  line  from  the  Medea  of 
Euripides— 

"  O  Jupiter  forget  not  who  is  the  author  of  these 
"  wrongs." 

Shakspeare  met  with  this  circumstance  in  Plutarch, 
but  did  not  insert  it  in  his  play,  which  is  a  pity. 

Both  the  Duke's  plays  have  a  Chorus  at  the  end  of 
each  act— those  at  the  end  of  the  1st  and  2d  acts  of 
Marcus  Brutus  were  written  by  Pope  at  the  command 
of  his  Grace — in  Marcus  Brutus  the  scene  lies  at 
Athens  in  the  first  three  acts,  and  near  Philippi  in 
the  last  two — for  this  violation  of  the  unity  of  place 
his  Grace  apologizes  in  the  Prologue,  but  to  satisfy 
us  that  he  has  preserved  the  unity  of  time,  we  are 
studiously  informed  that  the  play  begins  the  day  be- 
fore the  battle  of  Philippi  and  ends  with  it — conse- 
quently Brutus  and  Cassius  with  their  attendants 
must  have  gone  from  Athens  to  Philippi  in  one  day— 
this  absurdity  is  rendered  the  more  glaring  as  Cassius 
in  act  2d  says— 

"  I  must  immediately  haste  to  our  friends 
"  Who  all  assembled  in  the  fields  of  Sardis 
"  Wait  there  for  me  and  Brutus." 

In  the  next  scene  Junia-  says  that  her  husband  is 


92  JULIUS  CAESAR. 

gone  to  Sardis — however  he  rides  post,  and  arrives 
at  Philippi  considerably  within  the  24  hours — into 
such  disgraceful  inconsistencies  does  the  Duke  fall 
from  the  silly  affectation  of  appearing  to  preserve  the 
unity  of  time. 

In  fact  Brutus  and  Cassius  met  at  Sardis — from 
thence,  and  not  from  Athens,  they  went  to  Philippi 
— their  meeting  was  after  a  considerable  interval,  and 
several  grounds  of  mutual  complaint  had  occurred— 
but  in  the  Duke's  play,  they  had  only  been  parted 
some  few  hours,  nor  had  any  cause  for  an  angry  ex- 
postulation taken  place. 

The  Duke's  plays  are  on  the  whole  a  very  bad 
alteration  of  Julius  Caesar,  but  it  would  be  doing  him 
great  injustice  not  to  allow  that  his  additions  are  very 
superiour  to  the  stuff  sometimes  mixed  up  with 
Shakspeare's  plays — he  has  many  good  sentiments 
well  expressed — for  instance— 

"  From  whence  ever  came 

"  Good  sense  or  learning,  arts  of  peace  or  war  ? 
"  Deepness  of  thought,  or  nobleness  of  nature  ? 
"  Except  where  liberty  enlarged  the  mind  ?  " 

Shakspeare  and  the  Duke  of  Buckingham  have 
both  drawn  the  character  of  Cassius  according  to 
history,  but  he  has  been  frequently  misrepresented 
as  killing  Caesar  more  from  personal  pique  than  a 
love  of  liberty  ;  even  Dr.  Warburton  insinuates  as 
much  in  one  of  his  notes  —Plutarch  tells  us  that 
Cassius  when  he  was  a  lad  licked  Faustus,  the  son  of 
Sylla  the  Dictator,  for  magnifying  his  father's  power 
over  the  Roman  people — Faustus'  tutors  wanted  to 
have  Cassius  punished  for  this — Pompey  hearing  of 


JULIUS  CAESAR.  93 

it  sent  for  the  two  boys — when  Cassius  said,  "  now 
"  Faustus  repeat  what  you  said  before,  and  I  will 
"  give  you  another  licking." 

Plutarch  says  of  Brutus  that  such  was  his  virtue 
that  he  was  a  favourite  of  the  generality  of  men,  ad- 
mired by  the  best  of  them,  beloved  by  his  friends  and 
not  hated  even  by  his  enemies. 

The  Duke  speaks  of  him  as— 

"  A  man  sublimely  wise,  exactly  just." 

But  in  the  tag  at  the  conclusion  he  partially  con- 
demns him — 

"  Yet  the  just  Gods  a  righteous  judgment  send, 
"  He  lov'd  his  country,  but  he  killed  his  friend." 

Suetonius  speaking  of  Caesar's  death  says  he  was 
"jure  ctEsus  " — justly  killed — and  Cicero  in  his  2d 
Phillipic — "  Etenim  omnes  boni,  quantum  in  ipsis 
"  fuit,  CaBsarem  occiderunt :  aliis  consilium,  aliis  ani- 
"  mus,  occasio  defuit  ;  voluntas  nemini" 

This  appears  to  have  been  the  general  sense  of  the 
best,  the  wisest,  and  most  disinterested  persons  in 
Rome,  at  the  time  when  the  fact  was  committed. 

Caesar's  kindness  in  giving  Brutus  &c.  their  lives, 
was  only  the  kindness  of  a  robber,  who  had  first  done 
them  the  greater  wrong  by  usurping  the  power  to 
take  them — this  is  Dr.  Middleton's  opinion,  whose 
life  of  Cicero  ought  to  be  read  by  every  person  who 
wishes  to  get  a  good  idea  of  Roman  politics  at  that 
time. 

ctTTcXoiTO  KOU  oiX\og9  ong  rokrMToc  ys.  pe.^oi. 

Homer. 


94  JULIUS    CAESAR. 

In  1753  Aaron  Hill  published  his  Roman  Revenge, 
a  Tragedy  written  on  tlie  death  of  Julius  Caesar — it 
had  been  acted  at  Bath — it  has  some  good  lines  in 
it,  but  on  the  whole  it  is  superlatively  dull — Hill  has 
grossly  misrepresented  the  characters  of  Caesar- 
Brutus — Cassius  and  Servilia — he  makes  Calphurnia 
and  Portia  sworn  friends  from  their  childhood — but 
the  greatest  absurdity  of  all  is,  that  he  introduces 
Tririovantius,  a  British  Tribune,  who  styles  himself 
Caesar's  old  Soldier,  proposes  to  protect  him  from  the 
Senate  by  his  Britons,  and  afterwards  threatens  to 
avenge  his  death,  and  guard  Britannia's  liberty — 
which  no  one  but  his  friend  Caesar  had  at  that  time 
ever  attacked  —Caesar  on  his  part  politely  tells  him — 

"  I  thought  the  sons  of  Thames  had  felt  no  fears." 

Hill's  object  in  writing  this  play  was  evidently  to 
set  Caesar's  character  in  the  fairest  point  of  view — he 
says  of  him  in  the  Prologue — 

"  And  Caesar  had  a  soul  without  one  stain" 

It  seems  then  that  Caesar's  wars  in  Gaul — his  inva- 
sion of  Britain — his  overturning  of  the  fundamental 
laws  of  his  country — his  complaisance  to  Nicomedes, 
&c. — are  no  stains. 

Suetonius  says  of  Caesar  when  in  Gaul — "  nee 
"  deinde  uJld  belli  occasione,  ne  injusti  quidem  et  peri- 
"  culosi,  dbstinuit ;  tarn  fcederatis,  quam  infestis  et 
"  feris  gentibus  vitro  lacessitis,  adeo  *  *  *  ut  non- 
"  nulli  dedendum  eum  hostibus  censuerint" 

Livy  says  Valerius  Poplicola  passed  a  law  "  de  sa- 
"  crando  cum  bonis  capite  ejus,  qiii  regni  occupandi 
"  consilia  inisset" after  the  Decemvirs  it  was 


JULIUS  C^SAR.  9-5 

enacted  "  ne  quis  ullum  magistratum  sine  jwovocatione 
"  crearet,  quicreasset,  eumjus  fasque  esset  occidi :  neve 

"  ea  ccedes  capitalis  noxce  haberetur" When  Mae- 

lius  was  killed  by  Servilius  Ahala,  the  Dictator  ob- 
served— "  nee  cum  eo  tanqaam  cum  cive  agendum  esse, 
"  qui  natus  in  libero  populo  *  *  *  spem  regni  conce- 
"  perit" 

Suetonius  relates  many  happy  witticisms  made  on 
a  certain  part  of  Caesar's  private  character — "  Omitto 
"  Calvi  Licinii  notissimos  versus — 


"  Bithynia  quicquid 


"  Et  Pcedicator  Ccesaris  unquam  habuit" 

— again— 

"  Gallias  Caesar  subegit,  Nicomedes  Ccesaremt 
"  Ecce  Caesar  nunc  triumphat,  quisubegit  Gallias, 
"  Nicomedes  non  triumphat  qui  subegit  Ccesarem." 

Cicero  said  to  Cuesar — "  Notum  est,  quid  itte  tibi, 
."  quid  illi  tu  dederis" 

Curio  called  him — "  Omnium  mulienim  virum, 
"  omnium  virorum  mulierem." 

Bishop  Kurd  says — "  All  the  laurels  could  not  hide 
"  the  baldness  of  Caesar,  nor  the  shameful  cause  to 
"  which  it  was  owing." 

Voltaire's  Death  of  Ca3sar  is,  in  every  respect,  very 
inferiour  to  Shakspeare's  play — he  speaks  of  Scipio 
very  improperly,  and  makes  Dolabella  call  himself  an 
old  soldier — to  preserve  the  unity  of  place  he  falls 
into  much  the  same  absurdities  that  Addison  does  in 
Cato — in  Shakspeare  the  Conspirators  meet  in  Bru- 
tus' orchard,  and  before  it  is  light — in  Voltaire's 
play  they  settle  their  measures  in  the  day  time,  and 


96  JULIUS  CESAR. 

at  the  Capitol — Caesar  also  holds  his  confidential  dis- 
course with  Brutus  in  the  same  public  place — Hill 
and  Voltaire  both  make  Caesar  killed  behind  the  scenes 
— Voltaire  concludes  his  T.  with  Antony's  address  to 
the  Citizens,  which  is  in  a  considerable  degree  bor- 
rowed from  Shakspeare. 

We  are  not  to  imagine,  as  it  is  commonly  believed, 
that  the  violences  which  followed  Caesar's  funeral 
were  owing  to  the  general  indignation  of  the  Citizens 
against  the  murderers  of  Caesar,  excited  either  by 
the  spectacle  of  his  body  or  the  eloquence  of  Antony ; 
for  it  is  certain  that  Caesar,  through  his  whole  reign, 
could  never  draw  from  the  people  any  public  signifi- 
cation of  their  favour,  but  on  the  contrary  was  conti- 
nually mortified  by  the  demonstrations  of  their  hatred 
and  disaffection  to  him — what  happened  at  the  fune- 
ral was  the  effect  of  artifice  and  faction — Cicero  calls 
it  a  conspiracy  of  Caesar's  freedmen. 

From  the  known  intrigue  between  Caesar  and  Ser- 
vilia,  the  mother  of  Brutus,  a  story  has  been  raised 
that  Brutus  was  Caesar's  son,  tho'  in  fact  Caesar  was 
but  15  years  older  than  Brutus — (Dr.  Middleton)— 
this  story  Hill  and  Voltaire  have  eagerly  seized  on  for 
the  sake  of  depreciating  Brutus— in  both  their  plays 
Caesar  discovers  himself  to  Brutus  as  his  father- 
Brutus  is  distressed  at  the  discovery,  but  perseveres 
in  his  intentions — in  the  Duke  of  Guise  Brutus  is 
said  to  have  stabbed  his  father,  &c. — this  no  doubt  at 
the  time  produced  a  thundering  clap — the  same  thing 
is  said  in  the  Prologue  to  Love  in  a  Forest. 

Suetonius  tells  us  that  Caesar  was  more  in  love  with 
Servilia  than  with  any  other  woman,  but  does  not  give 
the  slightest  hint  that  Brutus  was  his  son  ;  and  as 


D.  L.    1722-1723.  97 

he  dwells  more  on  the  private  transactions  of  the 
Emperours  than  any  other  historian,  he  would  in  all 
probability  have  noticed  the  report,  if  he  had  ever 
heard  it. 


D.L.   1722-1723. 

Sep.  8.  Careless  Husband 11.  Oronooko. 

15.  Hamlet.     Fop  =  Gibber  Jun. 

18.  Love  for  Love.     Miss  Prue  =  Miss  Seal. 

20.  OldBatchelor 22.  Othello. 

25.  Henry  8th 29.  King  Lear. 

Oct.  2.  Never  acted,  Artifice.  Watchit  =  Griffin  : 
Ned  Freeman  =  Mills  :  Sir  John  Freeman  =  Wilks  : 
Fainwell  =  W.  Wilks:  Tally  =  Harper:  Sir  Philip 
Moneylove  =  Miller  :  Mrs.  Watchit  =  Mrs.  Oldfield  : 
Widow  Headless  =  Mrs.  Thurmond:  Olivia  =  Mrs. 
Horton  :  Louisa  (a  Dutch  lady)  =  Mrs.  Younger:— 
acted  3  times — Sir  John  Freeman  had  been  unjustly 
disinherited  by  his  father — his  younger  brother,  Ned 
Freeman,  has  the  family  estate,  which  is  £4000  a 
year — each  of  them  makes  love  to  Olivia,  the  daugh- 
ter of  Sir  Philip  Moneylove — she  is  in  love  with  Sir 
John — her  father  insists  that  she  should  marry  Ned 
— Ned  Freeman  had  seduced  Louisa  under  a  promise 
of  marriage,  and  then  deserted  her — she  comes  to 
England — he  makes  her  a  visit  at  her  particular  rc- 

VOL.  III.  II 


98  D.  L.   1722-1723. 

quest — they  drink  two  glasses  of  wine — she  pretends 
that  they  are  hoth  poisoned — Ned  Freeman  thinks 
himself  so  near  death  that  he  marries  Louisa,  and 
gives  his  brother  the  estate — Louisa  owns  the  artifice 
which  she  had  made  use  of— Ned  Freeman  is  reconcil- 
ed to  her  on  finding  that  she  has  £40,000 — Sir  Philip 
readily  consents  that  Olivia  should  marry  Sir  John 
— it  being  always  his  wish  that  his  daughter  should  go 
with  the  estate — Mrs.  Headless  is  a  rich  widow  who 
is  very  desirous  of  marrying  a  lord — Tally  courts  her 
as  Lord  Pharoah  Bank — Ensign  Fainwell  courts  her 
as  a  Gloucestershire  gentleman — he  is  also  in  her 
family  under  the  disguise  of  an  awkward  country 
servant — at  the  conclusion,  he  convinces  the  widow 
that  Lord  Pharoah  Bank  is  an  impostor,  and  prevails 
on  her  by  an  artifice  to  marry  himself — Old  Watchit 
is  very  jealous  of  a  young  wife,  and  not  without  good 
reason — Ned  Freeman  makes  love  to  her — she  en- 
courages him — Watchit  comes  home  while  they  are 
together — Ned  has  just  time  to  hide  himself  behind 
a  screen — she  pretends  to  have  hurt  her  leg  violently 
— Watchit  rubs  it — Ned  endeavours  to  make  his  es- 
cape, but  is  seen  by  Watchit — Ned  then  pretends  to 
be  a  Proctor  from  Doctors  Commons,  and  to  have 
mistaken  Watchit's  house  for  that  of  Sir  Nicholas 

Widgeon this   is  Mrs.  Centlivre's  last  play — on 

the  whole  it  is  a  moderate  C. — the  scenes  in  which 
Mrs.  Watchit  is  concerned  are  very  good — the  serious 
scenes  are  dull — the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  says  the 
Artifice  was  acted  in  1721. 

5.  Rule  a  Wife 6.  Venice  Preserved. 

7-  Strategem 10.  Volpone 11.  Cato. 


D.  L.   1722-17*3.  99 

12.  Amorous  Widow.     Barnaby  Brittle  =  Norris. 

13.  Man  of  the  Mode.     Young  Bellair  =  Cibber 
Jun. 

15.  Relapse 1G.  Double  Gallant. 

17.  Rover—; — 18.  Distressed  Mother. 

19.  Julius  Caesar.     Plebeians  =  Harper  &c. 

20.  Sir  Courtly  Nice.     Surly  =  Harper. 
22.  Funeral.     Puzzle  =  Harper. 

24.  Silent  Woman  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Otter  = 
Shepherd. 

25.  Tender  Husband 26.  Love  makes  a  Man. 

27.  All  for  Love 29.  Don  John. 

30.  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not. 

31.  Love's  last  Shift. 

Nov.  5.  Tamerlane.     Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

7.  Never  acted,  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil 
=  Booth  :  Tom  =  Cibber  :  Myrtle  =  Wilks  :  Cimber- 
ton  —  Griffin  :  Sealand  —  Williams  :  Sir  John  Bevil  = 
JVI  ills  :  Daniel  =  Theo.  Cibber :  Indiana  =  Mrs.  Old- 
field  :  Phillis=Mrs.  Younger :  Lucinda  =  Mrs.  Booth : 
Mrs.  Sealand  =  Mrs.  Moore:  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Thur- 
mond : — acted  18  times  successively  and  27  on  the 
whole — this  is  the  last  and  best  of  Steele's  plays — 
he  has  very  happily  adapted  the  outlines  of  the  Andria 
of  Terence  to  modern  times — in  the  preface  he  says 
that  he  wrote  this  play  for  the  sake  of  the  scene  in 
the  4th  Act,  wherein  Bevil  evades  the  quarrel  with 
his  friend — he  acknowledges  his  obligations  to  Cib- 
ber as  Manager,  but  he  does  not  make  any  mention 
of  him  as  assisting  in  writing  this  Comedy ;  tho* 
Cibber  afterwards  says,  it  had  been  made  appear  by 
the  oaths  of  several  of  the  actors  that  this  was  the 
case—  -Booth  when  at  Westminster  School  had 

H2 


100  D.  L.  1722-1723. 

acted  the  part  in  the  Andria,  which  corresponds  to 
Young  Bevil. 

The  Conscious  Lovers  was  written  some  years 
before  it  was  acted — on  the  first  performance  Victor 
sat  by  Steele  in  Burton's  box — all  the  performers 
charmed  the  author,  except  Griffin — Burton's  box  was 
an  enclosed  part  in  the  centre  of  the  first  gallery, 
where  places  were  kept  at  the  price  of  the  pit — (  Vic- 
tor)— the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  says  the  Conscious 
Lovers  was  acted  and  printed  in  1721. 

Nov.  29.  Not  acted  7  years,  Philaster — no  cha- 
racters— acted  twice. 

Dec.  1.  Wit  without  Money 3.  Chances. 

4.  Recruiting  Officer 5.  Scornful  Lady. 

6.  Not  acted  3  years,  Siege  of  Damascus. 

7.  Country  Wife. 

1 1 .  Committee.     Abel  =  Gibber  Jun . 

21.  Bartholemew  Fair 22.  Theodosius. 

26.  Macbeth. 

Jan.  5.  Way  of  the  World. 

7«  Tempest.  Hippolito  =  Theo.  Gibber :  Stephano 
=  Shepherd  :  Ferdinand  =  W.  Wilks  :  Ventoso  = 
Harper :  Dorinda  =  Miss  Seal: — see  Dec.  11  1718. 

8.  Jane  Shore  and  What  d'ye  call  it. 

9.  Never  acted,  Love  in  a  Forest  altered  from  As 
you  like  it.     Jaques  =  Gibber  :    Orlando  =  Wilks  : 
Alberto,  the  banished  Duke  =  Booth  :  Adam  =  Mills : 
Oliver  =  Thurmond :  Duke  Frederick  =  Williams  : 
Amiens  =  Cory  :  Robert  de  Bois  =  Roberts  :  Le  Beu 
=  Theo.  Cibber:  Charles,   Master    of  the    Duke's 
Academy  =  W.  Mills  :  Rosalind  =  Mrs.  Booth  :  Ceelia 
=  Mrs.  Thurmond  : — Characters   in  the  Mock  play 
— Pvramus  =  Pinkethman  :  Wall  =  Norris  :  Moon- 


D.  L.  1722-1723.  101 

shine  =  Ray:  Thisby  =  Mrs.  (probably  Mr.)  Miller: 
—acted  6  times — this  is  a  bad  alteration  of  Shaks- 
peare's  play  by  Charles  Johnson — he  entirely  omits 
the  characters  of  Touchstone — Audrey — William — 
Corin — Phoebe  and  Sylvius,  except  that  the  last,  in 
act  2d,  speaks  about  18  lines  which  belong  to  Corin 
—Johnson  supplies  the  deficiency  from  some  of 
Shakspeare's  other  plays,  adding  something,  but  not 
a  vast  deal,  of  his  own — the  Prologue  says — 

"  Now — As  you  like  it — judge  the  following  play." 

Act  1st.  The  wrestling  between  Orlando  and  Charles 
is  turned  into  a  regular  combat  in  the  Lists — Charles 
accuses  Orlando  of  treason,  several  speeches  are  in- 
troduced from  Richard  the  2d. 

Act  2d.  When  Duke  Alberto  enters  with  his  friends, 
the  speech  about  the  wounded  stag  is  very  properly 
taken  from  the  first  Lord  and  given  to  Jaques  ;  an 
improvement  which  is  still  retained  on  the  stage — 
in  the  next  scene  between  the  same  parties,  notwith- 
standing Touchstone  is  omitted,  yet  Jaques  gives  the 
description  of  his  meeting  with  a  fool — much  how- 
ever of  his  part  in  this  scene  is  left  out  very  injudi- 
ciously, as  is  still  the  case  when  As  you  like  it  is 
acted. 

Act  3d.  The  verses  which  Cselia  ought  to  read  are 
omitted,  and  Touchstone's  burlesque  verses  are  given 
her  instead — when  Orlando  and  Jaques  enter,  they 
begin  their  conversation  as  in  the  original,  and  end 
it  with  part  of  the  1st  act  of  Much  ado  about  Nothing 
— Jaques  speaking  what  Benedick  says  about  women 
—when  Rosalind  and  Cselia  come  forward,  Jaques 
walks  off  with  Grlia — Rosalind  omits  the  account  of 


102  D.  L.  1722-1723. 

time's  different  paces — Jaques  returns  with  Cselia  and 
makes  love  to  her — after  which  he  has  a  Soliloquy 
patched  up  from  Benedick  and  Touchstone,  with 
some  additions  from  C.  Johnson. 

Act  4th  begins  with  a  conversation  between  Jaques 
and  Rosalind,  in  which  lie  tells  her  of  his  love  to 
Crelia — in  the  scene  between  Orlando  and  Rosalind 
considerable  omissions  are  made  and  Viola's  speech 
"  She  never  told  her  love''  &c.  is  inserted — Robert 
(Jaques)  de  Bois  brings  the  bloody  napkin  to  Rosalind, 
instead  of  Oliver,  who  does  not  appear  after  the  1st 
act — Robert  says  that  he  (not  Oliver)  was  the  person 
rescued  from  the  lioness — that  Oliver  had  killed  him- 
self, &c the  act  concludes  with  the  2d  scene  of 

Shakspeare's  5th  act,  in  which  Rosalind  desires  all 
the  parties  on  the  stage  to  meet  her  to-morrow — 
Jaques  and  Ceelia  are  made  in  some  degree  to  sup- 
ply the  place  of  Sylvius  and  Phoebe. 

Act  5th  consists  chiefly  of  the  burlesque  Tragedy 
of  Pyramus  and  Thisbe  from  Midsummer  Night's 
Dream,  this  is  represented  before  the  Duke,  while 
Rosalind  is  changing  her  dress,  instead  of  Touch- 
stone's description  of  the  quarrel — when  Rosalind  re- 
turns, the  play  ends  much  as  in  the  original — except 
that  Jaques  marries  Cselia,  instead  of  going  in  quest 
of  Duke  Frederick — and  that  the  Epilogue  is  omitted. 

Jan.  17.  Constant  Couple. 

23.  Not  acted  3  years,  Squire  of  Alsatia.  Ter- 
magant  =  ]VIrs.  Thurmond. 

28.  Rehearsal. 

Feb.  4.  Humorous  Lieutenant 5.  Jovial  Crew. 

6.  Fatal  Marriage. 

15.  Never  acted,   Humfrey  Duke  of  Gloucester. 


D.L.  1722-1723.  103 

Duke  of  Gloucester  =  Booth:  Cardinal  Beaufort  = 
Gibber  :  Duke  of  York  =  Mills :  Earl  of  Salisbury  = 
Thurmond  :  Earl  of  Warwick  =  Williams  :  Duke  of 
Suffolk  =  Watson  :  Duke  of  Buckingham  =  Mills 
Jun.  :  Queen  Margaret  =  Mrs.  Oldfield  :  Duchess  of 
Gloucester  =  Mrs.  Porter  : — acted  9  times — in  the 
1st  act  the  Duchess  of  Gloucester  is  sentenced  to  do 
public  penance — she  entreats  Gloucester  to  smother 
his  resentment — in  the  3d  act,  Gloucester  receives  an 
order  to  remain  confined  in  his  apartment — York  is 
improperly  represented  as  a  strenuous  friend  to  him 
—the  populace  rise  in  favour  of  Gloucester — War- 
wick by  his  desire  appeases  them — at  the  close  of  the 
4th  act,  Beaufort  sends  two  ruffians  into  Gloucester's 
chamber — he  continues  on  the  stage,  while  they 
murder  him — in  the  5th  act,  the  Duchess  of  Glou- 
cester and  Warwick  enter — Warwick  finds  the  Duke 
murdered — York,  Warwick  and  Salisbury  accuse  the 
Cardinal  of  the  murder — Beaufort  is  staggered— 
Suffolk  attempts  to  escape,  but  is  killed  by  the  popu- 
lace— in  the  last  scene  Beaufort  dies — this  T.  was 
written  by  Ambrose  Philips — it  is  founded  on  Shak- 
speare's 2d  part  of  Henry  6th  from  which  Philips 
has  borrowed  about  30  lines — Shakspeare's  play 
abounds  too  much  in  trifling  incidents — Philips'  has 
too  much  mere  conversation — he  has  enlarged  the 
character  of  the  Cardinal  with  success,  and  on  the 
whole  his  T.  is  not  a  bad  one,  but  it  is  cold  and 
declamatory  in  comparison  with  Shakspeare's — some 
of  the  sentiments  he  has  introduced  about  Papal 
Rome  &c.  are  proper  in  themselves,  but  not  suited  to 
the  times — a  fault  which  seldom  or  never  occurs  in 
Shakspeare — like  Crown,  Philips  has  adulterated  tlu» 


104  D.  L.  1722-1723, 

inimitable  scene  of  Beaufort's  death  with  insipid  ad- 
ditions, and  the  Duchess  of  Gloucester  is  absurdly 
made  to  say  the  greater  part  of  what  belongs  to 
Henry  6th. 

March  2.  Not  acted  *  years,  Albion  Queens.  Nor- 
folk  =  Wilks  :  Cecil  =  Williams  :  Morton  =  Mills  : 
Davison  =  Booth  :  Douglas  =  Mrs.  Booth  :  Queen 
Mary =Mrs.  Oldfield :  Queen  Elizabeth^Mrs.  Porter. 

4.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Oldfield.     Mithridates. 

9.  Richard  the  3d. 

11.  Mrs.  Porter's  bt.     Aurenge-Zebe. 

21.  Mrs.  Thurmond's  bt.    Maid's  Tragedy.    King 
=  Mills. 

April  4.  Mrs.  Younger's  bt.  Conscious  Lovers 
26th  time. 

18.  Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry  Wildair  =  Wilks, 
being  the  last  time  of  his  ever  acting  that  part. 

22.  Never  acted,   Fatal  Constancy.     Omphales  = 
Booth  :   Ammon  —  Williams  :    Tryphon  =  Gibber  : 
Zimon  —  Mills :  Hesione  =  Mrs.  Porter : — Omphales, 
an  Athenian  nobleman,  and  Hesione,  the  daughter  of 
Zimon,  are  betrothed — Ammon,  an  orphan  depending 
upon  Zimon,  is  secretly  in  love  with  Hesione— he 
openly  professes  great   friendship  for   Omphales— 
Zimon,  an  Athenian  general  is  aman  of  great  courage, 
but  grossly  superstitious — Tryphon,  who  is  an  Augur, 
is  gained  over  to  the  interest  of  Ammon — he  per- 
suades Zimon  that  the  Gods  oppose  the  union  of 
Omphales  and  Hesione — he  gradually  prevails  on  him 
to  give  his  daughter  to  Ammon — in  the  5th  act,  Try- 
phon tells  Zimon  that  Hesione  has  poisoned  herself 
— Ammon,  in  the  rage  of  disappointed  love,  acknow- 
ledges   Tryphori's    villany — Omphales    fights     with 


D.  L.   1722-1723.  10.5 

Ammon  and  kills  him — Hesione  enters  distracted  — 
she  dies — Omphales  kills  himself — this  T.  was  written 
by  Jacob — it  is  a  dull  play  without  any  gross  fault— 
it  has  strongly  the  appearance  of  being  taken  from 
some  French  piece — the  unities  of  time  and  place 
are  strictly  preserved — as  all  the  characters  are  Athe- 
nians, the  author  should  have  given  them  common 
Athenian  names — whereas  most  of  the  names  are  not 
suited  to  the  persons — Pallas  is  called  Minerva — 
Epicurus  and  Plato  are  mentioned  with  much  impro- 
priety, the  play  being  supposed  to  take  place  before 
the  wars  between  the  Persians  and  Athenians  were 
ended. 

24.  At  the  bottom  of  the  bill  — "  Whereas  I  am 
"  informed  that  there  is  a  report  about  the  town, 
"  that  the  Managers  of  D.  L.  have  lately  endeavoured 
"  to  seduce  me  from  L.  I.  F.,  I  think  myself  obliged, 
"in  justice  to  the  said  Managers,  to  declare  that  the 
"  said  report  is  entirely  false  ;  and  do  hereby  acknow- 
"  ledge  that  I  first  made  overtures  to  be  received  into 
"  their  company,  for  reasons  at  that  time  to  myself 
"  best  known — arid  further  that  it  never  was  proposed 
"  by  either  the  said  Managers  or  myself,  that  I  should 
"  quit  L.  I.  F.  without  6  months  warning  given  to 
"  supply  my  parts,  and  a  discharge  in  writing  from 
"  the  Managers  of  L.  I.  F. — Anthony  Boheme— 
"  April  22  1723." 

29.  Williams'  bt.  Fatal  Constancy  4th  and  last  time. 

30.  Shepherd's  bt.     Conscious  Lovers  27th  time. 
May  3.  For  Bickerstaffe's  bt.     Mourning  Bride 

and  Stage  Coach  — N.B.  Bickerstaffe,  being  confined 
to  his  bed  by  his  lameness,  and  his  wife  lying  now 
dead,  has  no  body  to  wait  on  the  quality  and  his 


106  D.  L.  1722-1723. 

friends  for  him,  but  hopes  they'll  favour  him  with 
their  appearance. 

9.  For  bt.  of  William  Mills.     Julius  Caesar. 

10.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Moore.     Unhappy  Favourite. 

11.  Harper's  bt.     Henry  4th  part  1st.     Falstaff:^ 
Harper  :    Hotspur  =  Booth  :     King  —  Thurmond  : 
Prince  of  Wales  =  Wilks  :  Carriers  =  Johnson  and 
Miller  :  Hotspur's  Wife  =  Mrs.  Booth  :  Hostess  = 
Mrs.  Willis. 

15.  Plain  Dealer.     Manly  =  Booth  :  Jerry  Black- 
acre  =  Pinkethman :  Novel  =  Gibber :  Lord  Plausible 
=  Griffin  :  Major  Oldfox  =  Shepherd  :  Freeman  = 
Watson  :  Vernish  =  Thurmond  :  Petulant  =  Miller  : 
Widow  Blackacre  =  Mrs.  Moore :    Fidelia  =  Mrs. 
Younger:  Olivia  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

16.  For  bt.  of  Cibber  Jun.     Sir  Courtly  Nice. 
20.  Timon  of  Athens 22.  Busy  Body. 

30.  Spanish  Fryar.  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Booth  :  Queen 
=  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

June  4.  For  bt.  of  Widow  Bowen  and  Widow 
Leigh.  Lancashire  Witches. 

6.  Tempest last  play. 


Summer. 

June  12.  Never  acted,  Sir  Thomas  Overbury.  Earl 
of  Somerset  —  Cibber  Jun. :  Sir  Thomas  Overbury 
(in  love  with  Isabella)  =  Savage,  the  Author  :  Earl  of 
Northampton  (uncle  to  the  Countess — in  love  with 
Isabella) = Bridge  water:  SirGervas  Elloways=Keith: 
Countess  of  Somerset  =  Mrs.  Campbell  :  Isabella  (in 


D.  L.    1722-1723.  107 

love  with  Overbury)  =  Mrs.  Brett : — acted  8  times — 
Lady  Frances  Howard  had  made  love  to  Overbury— 
he  had  received  her  overtures  with  coolness — on  the 
day  before  the  play  begins,  she  had  married  Somerset 
—Overbury  and  Somerset  were  great  friends — Over- 
bury  had  endeavoured  to  prevent  Somerset's  marriage 
—on  finding  him  married,  he  says  that  Somerset  and 
himself  must  part  for  ever — the  Countess  becomes 
Overbury's  enemy — she  swears  to  her  husband  that 
Overbury  had  made  an  attempt  on  her  honour— 
Somerset  believes  her,  but  with  reluctance — he  ac- 
cuses Overbury  to  the  King — Overbury  is  confined  in 
the  Tower — the  Countess  fluctuates  between  love 
and  hatred  to  Overbury — in  the  4th  act  she  sends 
him  a  love  letter — it  falls  into  Isabella's  hands — and 
she  gives  it  to  Somerset — the  Countess  comes  to  the 
tower  to  visit  Overbury — in  the  dark  she  mistakes 
Somerset  for  Overbury — Somerset  becomes  convinced 
of  her  guilt — Overbury  is  poisoned  by  some  wine 
which  the  Countess  had  sent  in  her  husband's  name, 
but  without  his   knowledge — Overbury   before   his 
death  forgives  Somerset — the  Countess  in  a  fit  of 
frenzy  confesses  the  murder — in  which  Northampton 
had  had  a  large  share — this  is  a  moderate   T.  by 
Savage — he  has  represented  the  characters  of  Over- 
bury  and  Somerset  in  too  favourable  a  light — the 
love  of  the  Countess  for  Overbury  is  mere  fiction — 
for  the  real  story  see  Mrs.  Macaulay. 

Dr.  Johnson  says — '  *  Savage  gained  no  great  repu- 
"  tation  by  his  acting ;  the  theatre  being  a  province 
"  for  which  nature  seemed  not  to  have  designed  him ; 
"  for  neither  his  voice,  look  nor  gesture  were  such 
"  as  were  expected  on  the  stage ;  and  he  was  so 


108  D.  L.  1722-1723. 

"  much  ashamed  of  having  been  reduced  to  appear 
"  as  a  player,  that  he  always  blotted  out  his  name  from 
"  the  list,  when  a  copy  of  his  tragedy  was  to .  be 
"  shown  to  his  friends." 

Happy  indeed  would  it  have  been  for  Savage,  if  he 
had  never  disgraced  himself  more  than  in  acting  Sir 
Thomas  Overbury!  Dr.  Johnson  some  few  pages 
before  had  said,  that  the  condition  of  an  actor  makes 
almost  every  man,  for  whatever  reason,  contemptuous, 
insolent,  petulant,  selfish  and  brutal — this  grossly  illi- 
beral observation  reflects  much  more  disgrace  on  Dr. 
Johnson  himself  than  on  the  actors. 

Savage  in  his  advertisement  expresses  his  great 
obligations  to  Theo.  Gibber  for  superintending  the 
Rehearsals  &c.,  and  concludes  with  saying — "  Mr. 
"  Gibber  Jun.  took  the  noblest  method  to  improve 
"  others  by  doing  justice  to  his  own  character  ;  and 
"  though  he  labours  under  the  present  disadvan- 
"  tage  of  small  stature,  I  cannot  help  concurring  with 
"  the  opinion  of  many  others,  that  in  action  and 
"  elocution,  he  is  certainly  a  prodigy!" — Savage  in  the 
latter  part  of  his  life  could  riot  see  his  friends  about 
to  read  this  passage  without  snatching  the  play  out  of 
their  hands. 

Dr.  Johnson  says — "  Savage  had  taken  a  resolution 
"  to  write  a  second  tragedy  upon  the  story  of  Sir 
"  Thomas  Overbury,  in  which  he  preserved  a  few 
"  lines  of  his  former  play,  but  made  a  total  alteration 
"  of  the  plan,  added  new  incidents,  and  introduced 
"  new  characters  ;  so  that  it  was  a  new  tragedy,  not 
"  a  revival  of  the  former  " — this  passage  does  Dr. 
Johnson  great  discredit — that  Savage  revised  his  play 
seems  perfectly  true,  every  other  assertion  which  Dr. 


D.  L.  1722-1723.  109 

Johnson  has  here  made,  is  a  gross  misrepresentation 
of  the  real  fact — Sir  Thomas  Overbury  as  printed  in 
Savage's  works  in  177«5  differs  but  little  or  nothing 
from  the  edition  of  1724 — it  was  brought  out  at  C.  G. 
Feb.  1  1777  with  alterations,  but  the  Editor  of  this 
T.  in  1777  arrogates  to  himself  much  more  than  he 
is  entitled  to — in  his  Advertisement,  after  mention- 
ing Savage's  resolution  to  write  a  second  Tragedy  on 
the  story,  he  adds — "  The  following  scenes  are  the 
"  produce  of  that  resolution — the  manuscript  of  the 
"  author  was  some  time  since  put  into  the  hands  of 
"  the  Editor ;  who,  on  perusing  it,  discovered  a  great 
"  many  beauties,  surrounded  by  almost  as  many  de- 
"  fects  :  the  Tragedy  was  not  finished  :  and  from  the 
"  disposition  of  the  scenes  and  conduct  of  the  catas- 
"  trophe,  it  appeared  altogether  unfit  for  the  stage— 
"  in  this  rude  state  the  Editor  presented  it  to  the 
"  manager  of  C.  G.  who  received  it  with  candour 
"  and  at  a  convenient  opportunity  read  the  play  with 
"  him,  and  agreed  to  bring  it  on  the  stage  when  the 
"  necessary  alterations,  to  fit  it  for  the  scene  should 
"  be  made." 

In  the  altered  play  one  change  is  made  much  for 
the  worse  ;  Overbury  is  there  represented  as  having 
made  love  to  Isabella  under  the  assumed  name  of 
Bellmour — the  Editor  says  that  the  alterations  have 
been  made  with  the  greatest  deference  to  the  manu- 
script of  the  author,  it  being  his  aim  by  necessary 
transpositions  and  abridgments  to  make  Savage 
mend  himself—  —the  dialogue  is  improved — yet  the 
greater  part  of  it  is  the  same  as  in  the  original  play 

—and  except  in  the  dialogue  there  is  no  material 

alteration. 


110  D.  L.  1722-1723. 

July  5.  Never  acted  before An  Historical  Tragedy 

of  the  Civil  Wars  between  the  Houses  of  York  and 
Lancaster  in  the  reign  of  King  Henry  6th — altered 
from  Shakspeare — containing  the  marriages  of  King 
Edward  the  4th  and  Young  Prince  Edward  with  Lady 
Grey  and  Lady  Anne — the  distresses  of  Queen  Mar- 
garet— the  deposing  of  King  Henry  6th — the  battles 
fought  at  St.  Albans,  Wakefield,  Mortimer's  Cross, 
and  Tewksbury — the  deaths  of  Lord  Clifford  of  Cum- 
berland and  his  Son,  the  Duke  of  York,  his  son 
young  Rutland,  the  great  Earl  of  Warwick,  and  young 
Prince  Edward  and  many  other  true  historical  pas- 
sages. (JB.  M.} 

King  Henry  =  Roberts  :  Edward  Prince  of  Wales 
=  Cibber  Jun. :  Earl  of  Warwick  =  Bridgewater : 
Old  Clifford  =  Boman  :  Young  Clifford  =  Wilks  Jun.  : 
Duke  of  York  =  Savage  :  Edward  =  Gates  :  George 
=  Parlour:  Richard  =  Wilson:  Queen  Margaret  = 
Mrs.  Campbell :  Lady  Grey  =  Mrs.  Seal :  Lady 

Anne  =  Mrs.  Brett : this  alteration  was  made  by 

Theophilus  Cibber,  who  has  borrowed  considerably 

from  the   former  alteration  made  by  Crown see 

D.  G.  1681. 

Act  1.  King  Henry  opens  the  play  with  a  soliloquy 
—the  Queen  enters,  and  says  Cade  is  killed  (not  by 
Iden  but)  by  Young  Clifford — this  scene  is  from 
Crown — York  and  his  party  enter,  and  then  the  King 
&c. — this  is  the  1st  scene  of  Shakspeare's  5th  act  in 
Henry  6th  part  2d — with  additions  from  Crown — the 
act  concludes  with  the  battle  at  St.  Alban's  from 
Shakspeare  and  Crown. 

Act  2  begins  with  the  Parliament  scene  from 
Shakspeare's  3d  part,  with  additions  from  Crown  — 


'  D.L.   1722-1723.  HI 

then  follows  the  scene  between  Sandal  Castle  and 
Wakefield — with  this  difference,  that  the  Queen  does 
not  place  a  paper  crown  on  York's  head,  and  that 
Rutland  is  brought  in  dead — there  are  some  additions 
from  Crown,  but  the  scene  is  chiefly  Shakspeare's. 

Act  3  begins  with  the  scene  at  Mortimer's  Cross, 
not  materially  altered  from  Shakspeare — the  play- 
bill is  incorrect,  as  no  battle  was  fought  at  this  place 
—it  should  have  been  Ferrybridge* — in  Gibber's  play 
it  is  seldom  mentioned  where  the  scene  lies — then 
follows  the  scene  at  Ferrybridge — Richard  and  Clif- 
ford exeunt  fighting — these  scenes  differ  but  little  from 
Shakspeare — when  King  Henry  enters,  his  soliloquy 
is  materially  altered — many  lines  are  omitted  and 
others  added  by  T.  Cibber — Clifford  enters  wounded, 
and  the  scene  goes  on  as  in  Shakspeare's  2d  Act- 
Warwick  sets  off  for  France,  and  Lady  Grey  enters 
with  a  petition — the  courtship  is  chiefly  from  Crown 
—Richard  concludes  the  act  with  a  soliloquy — T. 
Cibber  adds  several  lines  of  his  own — Shakspeare 
speaks  of  Lady  Grey's  husband  as  having  lost  his  life 
"  in  the  quarrel  of  the  house  of  York,"  whereas  in 
fact  he  was  on  the  other  side — (see  Rapin) — Crown 
corrects  this  mistake,  which  is  not  noticed  by  John- 
son and  Steevens. 


*  According  to  Shakspeare,  who  probably  meant  to  represent 
the  battle  of  Towton,  which  is  10  miles  from  Ferrybridge — War- 
wick was  killed  at  the  battle  of  Barnet — Queen  Margaret  and  her 
son  were  taken  prisoners  at  the  battle  of  Tewksbury — Shakspeare 
represents  this  correctly — T.  Cibber  consolidates  the  two  battles 
— it  is  clear  from  the  bill  that  he  meant  to  suppress  the  battle  of 
Barnet,  and  to  represent  Warwick  as  killed  at  Tewksbury. 


112  D.L.   1722-1723. 

Act  4  begins  with  a  soliloquy  by  Warwick,  partly 
from  Shakspeare — King  Edward  and  his  attendants 
enter — a  Messenger  relates  what  passed  at  the  French 
Court — this  is  from  Shakspeare — King  Henry's  party 
come  on — this  scene  is  partly  from  Shakspeare's 
scene  at  York  in  Act  2d  and  partly  from  Crown  — 
Lady  Anne,  Warwick's  daughter,  enters,  and  Prince 
Edward  makes  love  to  her — this  scene  is  chiefly 
T.  Cibber's — Warwick  and  his  Soldiers  surprize 
King  Edward  in  his  Camp — and  Lady  Grey,  with 
a  Gentleman  (instead  of  Rivers)  concludes  the  act 
— these  two  short  scenes  differ  from  Shakspeare  but 
very  little. 

Act  5  begins  with  some  short  scenes,  partly  from 
Shakspeare — then  follows  another  love  scene  between 
Prince  Edward  and  Lady  Anne,  by  T.  Gibber — Queen 
Margaret  enters,  seemingly  at  Tewksbuiy  —  some 
lines  are  introduced  from  Henry  5th,  Act  3,  Scene 
1 — the  rest  of  the  scene  is  from  Shakspeare's  Henry 
6th — after  an  Alarum,  there  is  a  short  scene  by  T. 
Gibber — Warwick  dies  as  in  Shakspeare — Queen 
Margaret  and  Prince  Edward  are  taken  prisoners  — 
he  is  killed,  and  she  is  carried  off — King  Edward 
concludes  the  play — Richard  gives  a  hint  of  what  he 
intends  to  do  at  the  Tower,  but  T.  Gibber  was 
was  obliged  to  omit  the  scene  between  him  and  King 
Henry,  his  father  having  forestalled  him,  and  inserted 
it  in  his  alteration  of  Richard  the  3d. 

T.  Cibber's  alteration  is  a  very  bad  one  ;  he  has 
however  retained  considerably  more  of  the  original 
than  Crown  had  done — as  T.  Gibber  was  not  quite 
20  years  old,  and  as  he  was  at  this  time  in  habits  of 
intimacy  with  Savage,  it  is  not  improbable  that 


D.L.  1722-1723.  113 

Savage  might  assist  in  writing  such  passages  as  were 
new. 

July  16.  Never  acted,  Strollers,  a  Farce  in  2  acts, 
altered  from  the  Play's  the  Plot— (see  D.  L.  Feb.  19 

1718) — acted  3  times the  3d  edition  of  this  Farce 

as  printed  in  1767  consists  but  of  one  long  act — there 
are  no  characters  in  the  bill,  but  the  cast  was  probably 
the  same  as  Oct.  24 — Sir  Barnaby  Bindover =  Griffin: 
Capt.  Carbine  =  Bridgewater  :  Macahone  =  Miller : 
Fidelia  =  Miss  Tenoe :  Betty  Kimbow  =  Mr.  Harper : 
Three  Strollers  (Buskin,  Truncheon,  and  Spangle) 
=  Gibber  Jun.,  Shepherd,  and  Cory  :  Mrs.  Buskin  = 
Mrs.  Willis. 

26.  Not  acted  12  years,  Walking  Statue. 

30.  Never  acted,  a  Farce  in  2  Acts  called,  It  should 
have  come  sooner;  being  the  Historick,  Satyrick, 
Tragi-Comic  Humours  of  Exchange  Alley — acted  3 
times — this  F.  seems  not  to  have  been  printed. 

Aug.  12.  Never  acted,  Wife  to  be  Lett — by  reason 
of  the  indisposition  of  an  actress,  the  part  of  the  wife 
is  to  be  performed  by  Mrs.  Haywood  the  author — Sir 
Harry  Beaumont  =  W.  Wilks:  Graspall  =  Evans: 
Capt.  Gaylovez=  Bridge  water :  Toy  well  =  Gibber  Jun. : 
Shamble  =  Harper :  Mrs.  Graspall  =  Mrs.  Haywood  : 
Widow  Stately  =  Mrs.  Willis:  Celemena  =  Mrs.  Te- 
noe: Amadea  =  Mrs.  Brett: — acted  3  times — Sir 
Harry  Beaumont  is  in  love  with  Mrs.  Graspall — she 
likes  him,  but  is  virtuous — a  letter  from  Sir  Harry 
falls  into  GraspalPs  hands — he  answers  it  in  his  wife's 
name — when  Graspall  and  Sir  Harry  meet — Graspall 
offers  to  Let  him  his  Wife  for  £2000  — Sir  Harry  at 
first  cannot  believe  that  Graspall  is  in  earnest,  but  on 
finding  him  serious,  he  sends  the  money — Graspall 

VOL.   III.  I 


114  D.  L.    1722-1723. 

enjoins  his  wife  to  perform  the  conditions — she  re- 
fuses to  obey  her  husband,  and  is  deaf  to  Sir  Harry's 
solicitations — she  takes  care  however  that  he  should 
have  his  money  again — this  part  of  the  play  is  good 
— the  other  parts  of  it  are  dull — the  character  of 
Graspall  is  borrowed  from  that  of  Sordico  in  Love  the 
Leveller — see  D.  L.  Jan.  26  1704. 

16.  Never  acted,  a  new  Comedy,  called  the  Imper- 
tinent Lovers,  or  a  Coquet  at  her  Wit's  end — last 
time  but  one  of  acting  till  winter — this  play  is  said 
to  be  printed,  but  it  is  scarce.  (Sills  from  B.  M.} 

In  the  Daily  Journal  May  25  Mrs,  Bicknell  is  said 
to  have  died  of  a  consumption — her  name  was  in 
the  bills  for  the  last  time  April  2,  when  she  acted 
Edging — she  does  not  seem  to  have  acted  for  her  bt. 
April  17 — she  is  so  often  called  Mrs.  Bignal,  that  if 
she  had  not  signed  the  petition  in  1709  as  M.  Bick- 
nell, it  would  have  been  difficult  to  have  ascertained 
the  proper  mode  of  spelling  her  name — little  is  re- 
corded of  her — the  Tatler  in  1709  says  that  she 
acted  the  Country  Wife  for  her  bt.  very  happily ; 
and  adds,  that  she  had  a  certain  grace  in  her  rusti- 
city, that  gives  us  hopes  of  her  supplying  in  some  parts 
our  loss  of  Mrs.  Verbruggen. 


Mrs.  Bicknell's  characters — selection  only. 

Hay.  1706.1707.  Edging  in  C.  H.— Rose  in 
R.  O. — Northern  Lass — *Cheny — Juletta  in  Pilgrim 
—  City  Heiress. 

D.  L.  1708.  Phredra  in  Amphitryon — Betty 
Frisque  in  Country  Wit — Miss  Prue — Melantha  in 
Marriage  a-la-Mode. 


L.  r.  F.  1722-1723.  115 

1708-1709.  Country  Wife— *Betty  Plotwell  in 
Modern  Prophets. 

Hay.  1709-1710.  Mrs.  Woodly  in  Epsom  Wells 
— Arabella  in  London  Cuckolds. 

D.  L.  1710-1711.  Miss  Hoyden— Sylvia  in  R.  O. 
— Miranda  in  B.  B. 

1711-1712.    Mary  the  Buxom. 

1712-1713.    Lady  Sadlife—  *Wife  of  Bath. 

1713-1714.    Mrs.  Clerimont  in  T.  H. 

1714-1715.    *Kitty  in  What  d'ye  call  it. 

1716-1717.  *Mrs.  Phoebe  Clinket  in  Three  Hours 
after  Marriage. 

1720-1721.     *Lady  Wrangle  in  Refusal. 

*   Originally.] 


L.  I.  F.  1722-1723. 

Oct.  1.  Busy  Body.     Marplot  =  Spiller. 
2.  Recruiting  Officer.     Brazen  =  Egleton. 
4.  Richard  3d. 9.  Woman's  a  Riddle. 

11.  Love's  last  Shift.    Sir  Novelty  Fashion  =  Egle- 
ton  :   Hillaria  =  Mrs.  Cross. 

12.  Woman's  Revenge.  Vizard  =  Egleton :  Mixum 
=  Hall:  Bevil  =  Walker:  Think  well  =  Bullock:  Tom 
^Spiller:    Corinna  =  Mrs.  Seymour:    Mrs.  Mixum 

12 


116  L.  i.  r.  1722-1723. 

=  Mrs.  Egleton  :    Mother  Griffin  is  omitted — with 
Hob. 

13.  Hamlet  =  Ryan:  Ghost  =  Bohem e  :  King  = 
Quin  :  Horatio  —  Leigh  :  Laertes  =  Walker  :  Fop  = 
Egleton  :  Gravediggers  =  Bullock  and  Spiller : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Seymour:  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Cross. 

16.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Clodio  =  Egleton. 

18.  Julius  Caesar.  Brutus  =  Quin:  Cassius^Bo- 
heme  :  Antony  =  Walker  :  Julius  Caesar  =  Leigh  : 
Comic  characters  ==  Bullock  &c.  :  Calphurnia  =  Mrs. 
Seymour:  Portia = Mrs.  Bullock. 

24.  Double  Dealer.     Brisk  =  Egleton. 

26.  Don  Quixote.     Marcella  =  Mrs.  Seymour. 

27.  Abra-Mule 29.  London  Cuckolds. 

30.  Island  Princess 31.  Phipps  acted  Scrub. 

Nov.  1.  Othello 3.  King  Lear. 

2.  Measure  for  Measure.     Lucio  =  Egleton. 

On  Tuesday  last  (seemingly  Oct.  30)  a  great  dis- 
turbance happened  at  the  playhouse  in  L.  I.  F.— 
occasioned  by  several  persons  assaulting  the  Centi- 
nels  upon  duty  there,  and  throwing  dirt  at  them,  one 
whereof,  viz.  Robert  Warren,  was  taken  into  cus- 
tody— on  Thursday  he  was  carried  before  Sir  Thomas 
Jones,  and  being  known  to  be  a  common  disturber  of 
the  peace,  was  by  him  committed  to  the  gate  house, 
Westminster,  from  whence  it  seems  he  had  been  but 
lately  discharged. 

5.  Tamerlane. 

7-  Old  Batchelor.  Fondlewife  =  Hippisley,  who 
never  appeared  on  that  stage  before. 

8.  Not  acted  6  years,  CEdipus.  CEdipus  —  Boheme : 
Adrastus  —  Walker :  Creon  =  Quin :  Phorbas  =  Ryan : 
Jocasta  =  Mrs.  Seymour:  Eurydice  —  Mrs.  Bullock: 
—  acted  8  times. 


L.  I.  F.  1722-1723.  117 

12.  Provoked  Wife.     Constant  =  Walker  :  Lady 
Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Cross. 

14.  Emperour  of  the  Moon 16.  Jew  of  Venice. 

17.  Not  acted  30  years,  Spanish  Curate.  Lopez 
=  Bullock :  Sexton  =  Egleton  :  Don  Henrique  = 
Quin  :  Don  Jamie  =  Ryan  :  Bartolus  =  Boheme  : 
Leandro  =  Walker  :  the  Parishioners  =  Morgan,  Hall, 
Hippisley  and  Phipps  :  Amaranta  =  Mrs.  Seymour : 
Violante  =  Mrs.  Egleton  :  Jacintha  =  Mrs.  Bullock  : 
—acted  4  times — this  C.  was  written  by  Beaumont 
and  Fletcher — Langbaine,  in  1691,  says  it  had  been 
frequently  revived  with  general  applause — it  consists 
of  two  distinct  plots — Don  Henrique  and  Violante 
having  no  child,  Don  Jamie,  his  brother,  is  his  heir — 
Henrique  and  Jamie  are  on  bad  terms — Violante, 
from  hatred  to  Don  Jamie,  at  first  promises  to  ac- 
quiesce in  any  plan  that  may  disappoint  his  hopes — 
Don  Henrique  in  open  Court  acknowledges  Ascauio 
as  his  son — Violante  is  so  enraged  at  this,  that  she 
proposes  to  Don  Jamie  to  have  Don  Henrique  and 
Ascanio  murdered — Don  Jamie  saves  his  brother's 
life,  and  exposes  Violante in  the  comic  plot,  Le- 
andro having  heard  much  of  the  beauty  of  Amaranta, 
the  wife  of  a  lawyer  called  Bartolus,  is  very  desirous 
to  see  her — he  bribes  Lopez,  the  Spanish  Curate,  to 
introduce  him  to  Bartolus  as  a  young  man  who  wishes 
to  study  the  law — Bartolus,  for  the  sake  of  500  ducats, 
receives  him  as  his  pupil  —  Leandro  gradually 
becomes  acquainted  with  Amaranta,  and  discovers 
himself  to  her — Lopez  joins  Leandro's  friends  in  a 
scheme  for  getting  Bartolus  from  home — Diego,  the 
Sexton,  pretends  to  be  dying — Lopez  brings  Bartolus 
to  Diego's  to  make  his  Will,  assuring  him  that  Diego 


118  L.  i.  F.    1722-1723. 

is  rich — this  produces  a  very  good  scene — at  the  close 
of  it,  Bartolus  perceives  that  he  has  been  gulled — 
he  dissembles  his  resentment,  and  invites  the  Gen- 
tlemen, with  Lopez  and  Diego,  to  breakfast — he  is 
going  to  take  a  severe  revenge  on  them,  but  Don 
Jamie  interposes,  and  he  is  forced  to  submit — Lean- 

dro  had  succeeded  in  his  design  on  Amaranta the 

serious  scenes  of  this  play  are  far  from  bad — the 
comic  ones  are  excellent. 

22.  Domitian,  or  the  Roman  Actor.     Aretinus  = 
Quin  :  PartheniusrrRyan  : — see  Summer  bills  1722. 

23.  Stategem.       Scrub  =  Hippisley  :     Foigard  = 
Morgan. 

29.  Venice  Preserved. 

30.  Soldier's  Fortune.     Sir  Davy  Dunce  =  Hippis- 
ley. 

Dec.  1.  Not  acted  6  years,  Rival  Queens.     Alex- 
ander —  Boheme  :    Clytus  =  Quin  :    Lysimachus  n 
Ryan  :   Hephestion  =  Walker :  Cassander  =  Leigh  : 
Roxana^Mrs  Seymour  :   Statira  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :— 
acted  6  times. 

5.  Busy  Body.      Marplot  =  Hippisley : — this  may 
be  correct,  but  it  seems  odd — see  Oct.  7  1723. 

8.  Merry  Wives.     Sir  Hugh  Evans  —  Hippisley. 

10.  Spanish  Fryar.     Gomez  =  Hippisley. 

14.  Injured  Love.     Tipple  =  Hippisley. 

15.  Never  acted,   Compromise,  or  Faults  on  both 
Sides.     Sir  Lewis  Despotick  =  Hall :  Sir   Clement 
Harpye  =  Hippisley  :  Weighty  =  Boheme  :  Charles 
Despotick  =  Walker  :  Saracen  (an  Innkeeper)  =  Bul- 
lock: Random  =  Leigh  :  Harriet  (daughter  to  Sir 
Lewis)  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Isabella   (Niece  to  Sir  Cle- 
ment) =  Mrs.  Seymour :  Old  Woman  =  Mrs.  Egleton : 


L.  i.  F.  1722-1723.  1  If) 

Mrs.  Saracen  =  Mrs.  Morgan: — acted  3  times — this 
C.  was  written  by  Sturmy — it  has  no  gross  fault,  but 
it  is  very  dull — the  scene  lies  at  a  Country  Borough 
at  the  time  of  the  election  of  the  Mayor — Sir  Lewis 
and  Sir  Clement  are  of  different  principles — the 
former  is  a  high-flying  Tory — the  latter  is  of  the 
godly  party — they  get  half-drunk  together  and  make 
up  their  quarrel — Weighty  rescues  Sir  Lewis  from 
the  insults  of  a  mob — Sir  Lewis  in  return,  consents 
to  his  union  with  Harriet — Young  Despotick  marries 
Isabella — in  the  3d  act  there  is  a  slight  degree  of  low 
humour — Squire  Random  and  Sir  Lewis  solicit  the 
votes  of  a  butcher  and  other  persons  of  that  rank. 

21.  Squire  of  Alsatia.    Lolpoop= Hippisley:  Cheat- 
ly  zi  Walker  :  Mrs.  Termagant  =  Mrs.  Egleton  :  Te- 
resia^Mrs.  Seymour:  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

31.  Oronooko.  Oronooko  =  Boheme:  Daniel  = 
Hippisley. 

Jan  3.  Not  acted  30  years,  (acted  Aug.  1  1712) 
Cutter  of  Coleman  Street.  Cutter  =  Ryan :  Col. 
Jolly  =  Quin :  Puny  =  Egleton  :  Worm  =  Hippisley  : 
Truman  Sen.  =  Hall :  Truman  Jun.  =  Leigh  :  Au- 
relia  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Lucia  =  Miss  Purden  :  Tabi- 
tha  =  Mrs.  Egleton :  Jane  is  omitted — acted  7  times. 

10.  Julius  Cresar.     Comic  characters  =  Hippisley 
&c. 

11.  Not  acted  3  years,  Royal  Merchant.     Goswin 
=  Leigh:  Clause  =  Quin  :  Higgen  =  Ryan  :  Prigg  = 
Egleton:  Vandunke  =  Bullock  :  Wol fort  =  Walker: 
Hubert  =  Boheme:    Boors  =  Hippisley  and   Hall: 
Gertrude  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Jaculin  =  Mrs.  Rogeir. 

12.  Henry  4th.  Francis  =  Hippisley. 

22.  Not  acted  12  years,   Phrcdra  and  Hippolitus. 


120  L.  i.  F.  1722-1723. 

Theseus  —  Boheme  :  Hippolitus  =  Ryan  :  Lycon  = 
Quin  :  Phaedra  =  Mrs.  Seymour  :  Ismena  rr  Mrs. 
Bullock  : — acted  3  times. 

Feb.  1.  Pilgrim.  Pedro  —  Ryan:  Alphonso  =  Hip- 
pisley :  Alinda=Mrs.  Bullock:  Juletta=Mrs.Egleton. 

12.  Drummer.     Vellum  =  Hi  ppisley. 

18.  Never  acted,  a  Farce  in  3  acts  called  Cartouche, 
or  the  French  Robbers — (with  Country  House) — no 
characters  in  the  bill — acted  7  times — a  translation 
of  a  French  piece  called  Cartouche  was  published  in 
1722 — Freelove  is  in  love  with  Isabella,  the  daughter 
of  Tradewell,  a  rich  merchant — Tradewell  had  pro- 
mised her  to  a  country  squire  called  Noddy — Free- 
love  engages  Shamwell,  who  is  his  father's  clerk,  but 
one  of  the  Robbers,  in  his  interest — Shamwell  applies 
to  Cartouche  for  his  assistance — Shamwell  tells  Pis- 
tol, that  Cartouche  is  surrounded  by  100  archers,  and 
likely  to  be  taken  prisoner — Cartouche  however  es- 
capes— he  had  fought  till  his  powder  and  ball  were 
exhausted — after  which  he  had  crept  up  the  chimney 
in  his  shirt — gotten  into  a  neighbouring  house,  and 
pretended  that  he  was  pursued  for  debt — the  people 
of  the  house  gave  him  an  old  frock,  in  which  disguise 
he  walked  through  the  soldiers  without  being  known 
— this  passes  behind  the  scenes — Noddy  is  twice  rob- 
bed by  some  of  the  gang — Cartouche  forces  him  to 
change  clothes — Cartouche  goes  to  Tradewell's  dressed 
as  Noddy — he  gets  from  Tradewell  the  money  which 
he  was  to  pay  Noddy — after  he  has  made  his  exit,  Nod- 
dy enters  in  the  frock — Tradewell  takes  Noddy  for 
Cartouche — an  Exempt  and  some  soldiers  do  the  same 
— young  Cartouche,  who  is  found  concealed  in  the 
housej  addresses  Noddy  as  his  brother — Freelove  con- 


L.  i.  F.   1722-1723.  121 

vinces  the  Exempt  that  Noddy  is  not  Cartouche- 
Noddy  sets  off  for  the  country — and  the  piece  ends 
with  the  union  of  Freelove  and  Isabella — Freelove 
says  that  Cartouche  has  just  been  taken  in  a  tavern 
—this  is  a  tolerable  Farce — it  seems  to  have  been 
brought  on  the  English  stage  after  it  had  been  print- 
ed— at  the  end  of  it  is  advertised — "  The  life  of  Car- 
"  touche,  the  famous  French  robber,  who  was  broke 
"  alive  upon  the  wheel  at  Paris  the  21th  of  Nov.  last, 
"  giving  an  account  of  his  education  in  the  College  of 
"  Jesuits,  and  the  pranks  he  played  there  j  of  the 
"  several  robberies  he  committed  alone,  and  of  his 
*'  turning  thief  taker ;  how  after  several  and  various 
"  escapes,  he  put  himself  at  the  head  of  a  gang,  which 
"  defied  the  publick  justice  of  France  above  7  years; 
"  with  a  particular  relation  how  be  was  apprehended, 
"  and  the  manner  of  his  execution ;  also  an  account 
"  of  his  bold  and  undaunted  behaviour  under  con- 
"  finement  and  upon  the  scaffold :  the  whole  being 
"  a  series  of  adventures  and  incidents,  remarkable, 
"  entertaining,  and  full  of  variety — translated  from 
"  the  original  just  arrived  from  France." 

22.  Never  acted,  Mariamne.  Herod  the  Great 
=  Boheme  :  Flaminius  (a  Roman  General)  —  Ryan  : 
Sohemus  (first  Minister)  —  Quin  :  Pheroras  (the 
King's  brother)  =  Walker :  High  Priest  —  Leigh  :  Ha- 
zeroth  (a  relation  to  the  Queen)  =  Ward :  Narbal 
(of  the  Queen's  party)  =  Diggs  :  Sameas  (the  King's 
cupbearer)  =  Egleton  :  Mariamne  =  Mrs.  Seymour  : 
Arsinoe  (the  Queen's  chief  attendant)  —  Mrs.  Bul- 
lock :  Salome  (the  King's  sister)  =Mrs.  Egleton  :— 
the  play  begins  with  the  return  of  Herod  after  he  had 
been  confirmed  in  his  kingdom  by  Octavius  Caesar — 


L.  i.  F.  1722-1723. 

he  is  however  obliged  to  send  his  young  son  to  Rome 
as  a  hostage — Mariamne  is  much  distressed  at  this 
— the  young  prince  is  resigned  to  Flarninius  by  the 
hands  of  Arsinoe — she  to  her  surprise  finds  Flami- 
nius  to  be  her  husband — each  of  them  had  supposed 
the  other  to  be  dead — Herod  does  not  enter  till  the 
3d  act — Mariamne  reproaches  him  for  having  given 
up  their  son  to  the  Romans — he  pleads  necessity— 
Arsinoe  most  imprudently  tells  Mariamne,  that 
Herod  had  left  orders  with  Sohemus  for  her  death,  in 
case  he  should  himself  have  fallen  a  victim  to  Caesar's 
resentment — Mariamne  refuses  to  go  to  the  banquet 
— she  is  unjustly  accused  of  an  attempt  to  poison 
Herod,  and  committed  to  custody — the  High  Priest 
prevails  on  Herod  to  see  her — she  upbraids  him  with 
his  orders  to  Sohemus — and  is  again  consigned  to  the 
guards — Arsinoe  convinces  Herod  of  Mariamne's  in- 
nocence— he  sends  her  to  prevent  Mariamne  from 
being  put  to  death — the  poison  had  already  been  ad- 
ministered to  Mariamne — she  embraces  Herod  before 
she  dies — he  dies  also — this  T.  was  written  by  Fen- 
ton — it  was  acted  about  18  times — the  story  is  inter- 
esting, to  which  the  great  success  it  met  with  was 
probably  owing — there  are  one  or  two  good  scenes 
between  Herod  and  Mariamne— the  rest  of  the  play 
is  indifferent — it  seems  liable  to  one  serious  objec- 
tion— Arsinoe  acts  a  very  unnatural  part  towards  her 
friend  and  patroness — besides  it  was  Sohemus  him- 
self who  told  Mariamne  the  secret — see  Josephus 
book  15.  ch.  7. — the  death  of  Salome  is  awkwardly 
managed — Sohemus  and  Salome  had  bribed  Sameas 
to  poison  Herod  and  Mariamne — Hazeroth  is  poi- 
soned instead — Sohemus,  fearing  a  discovery,  stabs 


L.  i.  F.  1722-1723.  123 

Sameas — he  wrests  the  dagger  from  Sohemus,  4  and 
in  falling  backward  strikes  it  into  Salome's  bosom— 

the  death  of  Herod  is  fiction Boheme  distinguished 

himself  in  this  T, — Salome  is  studiously  marked  with 
an  accent  on  the  last  syllable — if  Fenton  had  looked 
into  the  Greek  of  Josephus,  (which  as  he  was  able  to 
do,  he  ought  to  have  done)  he  would  have  seen  that 

the  second  syllable  was  long Voltaire  has  written 

a  play  on  the  same  subject — the  plot  itself  is  too 
simple  for  5  acts — to  lengthen  it  out,  Fenton  has  in- 
troduced the  Episode  of  Flaminius  and  Arsinoe,  and 
Voltaire  makes  the  Roman  Praetor  Varus  in  love 
with  Mariamne — they  both  have  several  unimportant 
scenes — Fenton  has  not  borrowed  any  thing  from 
Lord  Orrery's  play,  or  from  Pordage's  Herod  and 
Mariamne. 

Dr.  Johnson  says — "  this  T.  was  written  at  the 
"  house  of  Southerne,  who  is  said  to  have  contri- 
"  buted  such  hints  as  his  theatrical  experience  sup- 
"  plied :  when  it  was  shown  to  Gibber,  it  was  rejected 
"  by  him,  with  the  additional  insolence  of  advising 
"  Fenton  to  engage  himself  in  some  employment  of 
"  honest  labour,  by  which  he  might  obtain  that 
"  support,  which  he  could  never  hope  for  from  his 
"  poetry — the  play  was  acted  at  L.  I.  F.,  and  the 
"  brutal  petulance  of  Gibber  was  confuted,  tho'  per- 
"  haps  not  shamed,  by  general  applause — Fenton's 
"  profits  are  said  to  have  amounted  to  near  £1000" 

Gibber  might  be  a  little  wrong  in  rejecting  this 

play,  but  if  he  had  done  it  with  civility,  he  would  not 
have  been  liable  to  much  censure. 

Fenton  was  one  day  in  company  with  Ford  a  clergy- 
man, and  Brooine  his  associate  in  translating  those 


124  L.  i.  F.  1722-1723. 

books  of  the  Odyssey,  which  Pope  did  not  choose  to 
translate  himself — it  was  determined  to  go  and  see 
the  Merry  Wives  of  Windsor,  which  was  acted  that 
night ;  and  Fenton,  as  a  dramatick  poet,  took  them 
to  the  stage-door ;  where  the  door-keeper  enquiring 
who  they  were,  was  told  that  they  were  three  very 
necessary  men,  Ford,  Broome  and  Fenton :  the  name 
in  the  play,  which  Pope  restored  to  Brook,  was  then 
Broome.  (Dr.  Johnson.) 

Pope's  edition  of  Shakspeare  was  printed  in  1723 
—  the  name  of  Broome  had  crept  into  the  Prompt- 
book before  the  publication  of  the  first  Folio  in  1623 
— when  Bardolph  tells  Falstaff  that  Master  Brook 
would  fain  speak  with  him,  and  had  sent  him  a 
draught  of  sack — Falstaff  replies — "  Such  Brooks 
"  are  welcome  to  me,  that  o'erflow  with  such  liquor" 
— the  players  by  substituting  Broome  for  Brook  had 

made  Falstaff  talk  nonsense it  was  probably  for 

this  reason  that  Dennis,  when  he  altered  the  Merry 
Wives  to  the  Comical  Gallant,  omitted  these  speeches. 

March  30.  Walker  acted  Alexander  the  Great  for 
his  bt. 

April  2.  Mrs.  Seymour's  bt.     Amorous  Widow — 
(no  characters) — with  Jupiter  and  Europa,   or  the 
Intrigues  of  Harlequin.     Jupiter  in  the  character  of 
Harlequin  =  Lun :  Clown  —  Hippisley :  Columbine  = 
Mrs.  Egleton. 

4.  Hippisley  acted  Sir  Paul  Plyant. 

16.  Bullock's  bt.  Committee.  Teague  =  H.  Bul- 
lock :  Day  =  Hippisley  :  Arbella  =  Mrs.  Boheme  late 
Mrs.  Seymour : — her  name  was  to  Mariamne  as  Mrs. 
Seymour  April  15,  probably  by  mistake — she  seems 
to  have  been  married  in  Passion  Week. 


L.  i.  F.  1722-1723. 

Ori  Monday  last,  Reakstraw,  a  young  player  belong- 
ing to  L.  I.  F.,  died,  in  consequence  of  a  wound, 
which  he  accidentally  received  as  he  was  acting  in 
Darius  King  of  Persia,  at  a  booth  in  Moorfields— 
the  foil  glanced  in  at  his  eye,  and  into  his  brain— his 
widow  had  part  of  a  benefit  at  L.  I.  F.  May  18. 

18.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Cross.     Hamlet.     Polonius  = 
Ilippisley. 

23.  Never  acted,  Fatal  Legacy.  Eteocles  (King 
of  Thebes)  =  Boheme  :  Polynices  (his  brother)  = 
Ryan  :  Creon  (their  uncle)  =  Quin  :  Phocias  = 
Walker  :  Jocasta  (mother  to  Eteocles  and  Polynices) 
=  Mrs.  Boheme :  Antigona  (her  daughter)  =  Mrs. 
Bullock: — acted  3  times — Eteocles  and  Polynices, 
the  sons  of  (Edipus,  contended  for  the  throne — Poly- 
nices was  driven  into  banishment — he  returned  with 
an  army,  and  besieged  Thebes — here  the  play  begins 
— Jocasta  in  vain  endeavours  to  reconcile  her  sons 
— by  her  persuasion  however  they  have  a  personal 
interview  in  the  4th  act — this,  instead  of  producing 
a  reconciliation,  produces  a  determination  to  decide 
the  quarrel  by  single  combat — this  scene  is  written 
in  imitation  of  one  in  the  Phoenissse  of  Euripides, 
but  it  is  very  inferiour  to  it — in  the  5th  act,  Jocasta 
stabs  herself,  and  gives  the  dagger  as  a  Legacy  to 
Antigona — Creon  tells  Antigona  that  her  brothers 
had  killed  one  another — and  falsely  adds  that  Phocias 
is  also  killed — Phocias  is  the  son  of  Creon — he  and 
Phocias  are  in  love  with  Antigona — she  is  in  love 
with  Phocias — on  hearing  of  his  death,  Antigona 
stabs  herself — Creon,  on  hearing  of  her  death,  stabs 
himself — Phocias  succeeds  to  the  crown — the  dedica- 
tion says  this  play  was  written  by  a  young  Lady,  and 


126  L.  i.  F.   1722-1723. 

that  the  first  four  Acts  were  taken  from  Racine — it 
is  in  every  respect  a  poor  T. — it  is  full  of  absurdities 
— Antigone  is  called  Antigona — the  elder  Son  of 
Creon  is  called  Phocias,  instead  of  Hsemon  as  in 
Sophocles — the  Persian  name  of  Artaban  is  given  to 
the  other  son  of  Creon,  who,  tho'  he  does  not  appear, 
is  mentioned  five  times — in  Euripides  he  is  called 
Menoeceus — the  Gordian  knot  is  spoken  of,  tho' it  does 
not  seem  to  have  become  a  proverbial  expression  till 
after  the  time  of  Alexander  the  Great — the  modern 
appellation  of  Madam  occurs  about  19  times,  besides 

which  we  have — Sir — my  Lord — your  Highness 

if  we  may  judge  of  Racine  by  those  plays,  which 
have  been  taken  from  him,  and  adapted  to  the  English 
stage,  he  was  very  ignorant  of  Grecian  manners- 
persons  who  choose  to  write  on  Grecian  subjects 
should  study  the  Greek  plays,  as  Horace  recom- 
mends— 

"  Vos  exemplaria  Grceca 


"  Noctumd  versate  manu,  versate  diurna" 

May  2.  Country  Wake.     Hob  =  Hippisley. 

3.  For  bt.  of  Hippisley.  Not  acted  2  years,  Troilus 
and  Cressida.  Troilus  —  Ryan  :  Hector  =  Boheme  : 
Ulysses  =  Walker :  Achilles  =  Hulett :  Agamemnon 
=  Diggs  :  DiomedeB  =  Egleton  :  Thersites  =  Quin  : 
Pandarus  =  Hippisley  :  Cressida  =  Mrs.  Boheme  : 
Andromache  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

18.  Macbeth.  Hecate = Hall:  3d  Witch = Hippisley. 

22.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  =  Walker :  Sylvia 
=  Mrs.  Cross. 

June  7«  Mariamne  =  Mrs.  Boheme  : — this  is  said 
to  be  her  last  appearance  on  the  stage. 


L.  I.  F.  1722-1723.  127 

No  more  bills.     (Bills  from  B.  M.} 

Mrs.  Seymour  was  tall  and  well  made — her  coun- 
tenance was  expressive — her  voice  pleasing  and 
flexible — she  felt  all  the  passions  and  expressed  them 
suitably — Ryan  told  Davies  that  he  preferred  her  to 
all  the  actresses  he  had  ever  seen  ;  in  which  he  was 
no  doubt  much  too  partial,  but  still  she  must  have 
had  great  merit  to  engage  him  so  strongly  in  her 
favour.  (Davies.) 

She  acted  in  the  Summer  Company  at  D.  L.  in 
1717 — and  in  1718 — but  she  made  no  figure  till  she 
came  to  L.  I.  F. 


Mrs.  Seymour's  characters — selection  only. 

L.  I.  F.  1718-1719.  Lucia  in  Cato— Rutland- 
Lady  Raleigh — Lady  Brute. 

1719-1720.  Desdemona. 

1720-1721.  Queen  in  Spanish  Fry ar— Cordelia — 
Mrs.  Page — Lady  Touchwood — Cressida — Lady  Mac- 
duff — Isabella  in  Measure  for  Measure — Queen  in 
Richard  the  2d — Quisara  in  Island  Princess — Queen 
in  Richard  the  3d — Abra-Mule — *Louisa  in  Fatal 
Extravagance — Arpasia  in  Tamerlane — Mrs.  Winwife 
in  Artful  Husband — Portia  in  J.  C. — Annabella  in 
Quaker's  Wedding. 

1721-1722.    Amanda  in   L.  L.    S Monimia— 

Sylvia  in  R.  O. — Portia  in  Jew  of  Venice — Almeyda 
in  Don  Sebastian — Chariot  Welldon  in  Oronooko— 
Mrs.  Sullen — Belvidera — Lady  Dunce  in  Soldier's 


128  D.  L.  1723-1724. 

Fortune — Lsetitia  in  O.  B. — Augusta  in  Roman  Actor 
altered. 

1722-1723.  Queen  in  Hamlet— Calph  urn  i  a  in  J.  C. 
— Marcella  in  Don  Quixote — Jocasta  in  CEdipus— 
Amaranta  in  Spanish  Curate — Roxana — Phsedra  in 
P.  and  H. — *Mariamne. 


Originally. 


D.  L.  1723-1724. 

Sep.  14.  Conscious  Lovers 17-  Love  for  Love. 

19.  Relapse.     Miss  Hoyden  =  Mrs.  Younger. 
21.  Oronooko.     Imoinda  —  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

24.  Julius  Caesar 26.  Spanish  Fryar. 

Oct.  1.  Old  Batchelor  =  Harper:  Belinda  =  Mrs. 
Horton. 

2.  Sir  Thomas  Overhury  for  bt.  of  the  Author. 

3.  Committee 8.  Henry  4th. 

9.  Strategem.     Cherry  —  Miss  Tenoe. 

10.  Alchemist.^  Dapper  —  Cibber  Jun. 

15.  Mourning  Bride.     Garcia  =  Bridgewater. 

16.  Not  acted  20  years,   Inconstant.     Young  Mi- 
rabel =  Wilks  :  Duretete  =  Miller  :  Old  Mirabel  = 
Pinkethman :  Dugard  =  Bridgewater :  Petit  =  Cibber 
Jun.  :   Bisarre  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Oriana  =  Mrs. 
Booth:  Lamorce  =  Mrs.  Heron. 


D.L.   1723-1724.  129 

1 8.  Rule  a  Wife.     Cacafogo  =  Harper. 
10.  Othello.     Cassio  =  Williams. 
21.  Rover 23.  Scornful  Lady. 

24.  Sir  Courtly  Nice  with  Strollers  —as  before. 

25.  Amorous  Widow 26.  All  for  Love. 

29.  Macbeth 30.  Chances 31.  Cato. 

Nov.  1.  Funeral.    Mademoiselle  D'Epingle  =  Mrs. 

Younger  :  Kate  Matchlock  =  Mr.  Miller. 

2.  Careless  Husband.     Edging  =  Mrs.  Younger. 
4.  Tamerlane 7-  Theodosius. 

8.  Squire  of  Alsatia.      Mrs.    Termagant  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond. 

9.  Not  acted  3  years,  Lady's  last  Stake.     Mrs. 
Conquest  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Hartshorn  is  omitted 

—rest  as  Dec.  17  1715. 
12.  Caius  Marius.     Sulpitius  =  Harper. 

14.  Double  Gallant.     Lady  Sadlife  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

15.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Carlos  =  Williams. 

18.  Tender  Husband.  Mrs.  Clerimont  =  Mrs. 
Booth. 

19-  Love's  last  Shift.     Narcissa  —  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

21.   Volpone 22.  Northern  Lass. 

23.  Fatal  Marriage 27.  Distressed  Mother. 

29.  Rehearsal 30.  Jane  Shore. 

Dec.  5.  Never  acted,  Henry  the  5th,  or  the  Con- 
quest of  France  by  the  English — on  Shakspeare's 
foundation — with  several  sets  of  scenes  entirely  new 
and  proper  to  the  play.  King  Henry  —  Booth  :  Dau- 
phin =  Wilks  :  Exeter  =  Mills  :  Bourbon  =  Bridge- 
water  :  King  of  France  =  Thurmond  :  Lord  Scroop 
=  Williams:  Cambridge  =  Mills  .Tun.  :  Gray  =  Oates: 
Princess  Catharine  =  Mrs.  Oldfield  :  Harriet  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond  : — Hill  should  have  given  this  Lady  some 

VOL.  III.  K 


130  D.  L.   1723-1724. 

name  that  was  certainly  in  use  in  the  time  of  Henry 
5th — Charles  the  Ist's  Queen  probably  introduced 
the  name  of  Henrietta  or  Harriet  into  England — this 
T.  was  acted  6  times — it  has  considerable  merit,  but 
after  all,  it  is  but  a  bad  alteration  of  Shakspeare's 
play,  and  will  not  deserve  a  place  on  the  stage  till 
Shakspeare  is  forgotten — Hill  has  omitted  all  the 
Comic  characters — his  taste  was  too  Frenchified  to 
relish  the  humour  of  Fluellin — the  admirable  descrip- 
tion of  Falstaff's  death,  or  even  the  scene  between 
the  King  and  the  private  Soldiers. 

To  supply  these  omissions,  the  characters  of  the 
Dauphin  and  the  Princess  are  considerably  enlarged 
—a  new  character  is  introduced,  Harriet  the  niece  of 
Lord  Scroop,  whom  Henry  the  5th  is  said  to  have 
seduced,  and  afterwards  deserted,  with  the  offer  of 
a  pension — the  King  is-  supposed  to  have  visited 
France  and  seen  the  Princess  under  the  assumed 
name  of  Owen  Tudor,  at  which  time  she  fell  in  love 
with  him — Hill  seems  to  have  read  Lord  Orrery's 
Henry  5th  and  to  have  borrowed  a  hint  or  two  from  it. 

Act  1st  begins  with  the  English  Camp  before  Har- 
fleur — the  original  compliments  on  the  King  are 
spoken  by  Exeter  &c. — the  King  enters — the  Salique 
Law  is  discussed  in  some  few  words — the  French 
Embassadour  delivers  his  message,  and  the  Citizens 
of  Harfleur  give  up  the  town — all  this  is  from  Shak- 
speare with  some  alteration — the  rest  of  the  act  is 
Hill's — Cambridge,  Scroop,  and  Gray  consult  about 
the  conspiracy — Harriet,  who  is  in  boy's  clothes,  has 
a  scene  with  her  Uncle. 

Act  2d  begins  with  the  French  Camp — Exeter 
delivers  his  message— this  is  chiefly  from  Shakspeare 


D.L.  1723-1724.  l.H 

—Harriet,  the  Dauphin,  the  Princess  £c.  conclude 
the  act — the  last  speaks  Henry  the  5th's  speech  about 
Ceremony. 

Act  3d.  The  Princess  tells  her  Confidant  of  her 
love  to  Tudor — the  scene  changes  to  a  harrier  on  a 
bridge — the  two  Kings  embrace  over  the  bar,  but  the 
proposals  for  peace  are  broken  off  by  the  Dauphin's 
interposition— the  Princess  is  surprised  to  find  that 
Owen  Tudor  is  the  King. 

Act  4th.  Harriet  is  taken  upon  suspicion  of  treason, 
and  brought  to  the  King — she  at  first  reproaches  him 
with  his  desertion  of  her,  but  is  afterwards  pacified 
— she  gives  him  the  Dauphin's  letters  and  stabs  her- 
self— the  conspiracy  is  detected  in  a  scene  chiefly 
from  Shakspeare's  2d  act — the  Princess  enters  and 
desires  permission  to  pass  through  the  English  Camp 
to  the  Castle  of  Agincourt,  which  is  politely  granted 
to  her  by  the  King. 

Act  5th  begins  with  the  scene  in  which  one  of  the 
French  Nobles  boasts  of  his  armour — the  Dauphin 
of  his  horse  &c. — this  approaches  so  near  to  Comic, 
that  one  is  surprised  Hill  should  have  retained  it — 
Henry  5th  speaks  part  of  the  last  Chorus  and  the 
speech  about  St.  Crispin — while  the  battle  is  sup- 
posed to  be  fought  behind  the  scenes,  the  Genius  of 
England  rises  and  sings— the  account  of  Suffolk's 
and  York's  death  is  retained — the  Dauphin  yields  the 
kingdom  to  Henry  5th,  and  the  Princess  marries  him. 

Dec.  14-.  Venice  Preserved 17-  Orphan. 

20.  Way  of  the  World 28.  Macbeth. 

30.  Tim  on.     Senators  =  Harper  &c. 

Jan.  8.  Plain  Dealer.     Widows  Mrs.  liaker. 

15.  Never  acted,  Captives.      Phraortes  (King  of 

K    2 


132  D.  L.  1723-1724. 

Media)  =  Wilks :  Sophernes  (Prince  of  Persia)  = 
Booth:  Hydarnes  =  Mills  :  Araxes=  Williams  :  Or- 
basius  =  Bridgewater  :  Astarbe  (Queen  of  Media)  = 
Mrs.  Porter :  Captive  =  Mrs.  Oldfield : — acted  7  times 
— Phraortes  had  conquered  the  Persians,  and  taken 
Sophernes  prisoner — he  had  saved  his  life,  and  treated 
him  with  kindness — on  finding  that  Sophernes  had  a 
wife,  he  gives  orders  that  search  should  be  made  for 
her — Astarbe  makes  love  to  Sophernes — he  declines 
her  overtures,  but  in  a  respectful  manner — she  is 
highly  offended — Hydarnes  and  others  had  formed  a 
conspiracy  to  kill  the  King — they  are  discovered,  and 
put  into  prison— Astarbe  promises  Hydarnes  his  par- 
don, if  he  will  accuse  Sophernes  of  having  joined  in 
the  conspiracy — he  does  so — and  Sophernes  is  con- 
demned as  a  traitor — a  female  Captive  entreats  an 
audience  of  Phraortes — she  tells  a  feigned  story,  and 
obtains  from  Phraortes  an  order  that  Sophernes 
should  die  by  her  hand — by  this  strategem  she  gets 
access  to  Sophernes — he  is  her  husband — she  is  Cylene 
— she  gives  Sophernes  her  veil,  and  he  makes  his 
escape  from  the  prison — Astarbe  tells  the  King  what 
Cylene  had  done — Cylene  is  brought  in  for  execution 
— Hydarnes  attempts  to  stab  the  King,  but  is  at  that 
moment  himself  stabbed  by  Sopherues — Hydarnes 
acknowledges  that  he  had  accused  Sophernes  falsely 
by  the  Queen's  instigation — the  Queen  kills  herself 
— Phraortes  gives  Cylene  to  Sophernes,  and  promotes 
him  to  the  highest  rank  next  to  himself — this  T.  was 
written  by  Gay — it  has  no  particular  fault — but  the 
whole  of  it  is  so  remote  from  common  life  that  it 

does  not  affect  one Gay  had  interest  enough  with 

the  Princess  of  Wales  to  excite  her  curiosity  to  hear 


D.  L.  1723-1724. 

the  author  read  his  play  to  her ;  the  day  was  fixed, 
and  Gay  was  commanded  to  attend — he  waited  for 
some  time  with  the  play  in  his  hand,  but  being  a  very 
modest  man,  and  unequal  to  the  trial  he  was  going 
to,  when  the  door  of  the  drawing-room,  where  the 
Princess  sat  with  her  ladies,  was  opened  for  his  en- 
trance, he  was  so  much  confused,  and  concerned  about 
making  his  proper  obeisance,  that  he  did  not  see  a 
low  footstool  that  happened  to  be  near  him,  and 
stumbling  over  it,  he  fell  against  a  large  skreen,  which 
he  overset,  and  threw  the  ladies  into  no  small  disorder 
— her  Royal  Highness*  goodness  soon  reconciled  this 
whimsical  accident,  but  the  unlucky  author  was  not 
so  soon  clear  of  his  confusion — (  Victor) — Gay  seems 
to  have  been  an  awkward  fellow — in  the  Confederates 
Mrs.  Oldfield  is  made  to  say — 

"  But  hark  !  who's  entering  here  ?  I'll  run  away ; 
"  For  by  the  clumsie  tread  it  should  be  Gay." 

Feb.  12  and  13.  Fatal  Constancy. 
15.  Mithridates.     Pharnaces  =  Booth. 

17.  Jovial  Crew 22.  Maid's  Tragedy. 

March  24.  Not  acted  7  years,  Epsom  Wells. 
April  8.  Johnson's  bt.   Henry  8th.  King  =  Booth  : 

Wolsey  =  Gibber  :  Buckingham  =  Wilks  :  Cranmer 
=  Mills :  Gardiner  =  Johnson  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Porter : 
Anne  BullenrzMrs.  Horton. 

15.  Miller's  bt.     Wit  without  Money. 

10.  Griffin  acted  Sir  W.  Wisewou'd  for  his  bt. 

18.  Penkethman's  bt.      Humorous  Lieutenant  = 
Pinkethman :  Demetrius  =  Wilks :  Leontius  =  Mills: 
Antigonus  =  Thurmond :  Seleucus  =  Boman  :  Meriip- 
pus  =  Shepherd  :    Charinthus  =  Norris  :    Celia  = 


13  i  D.  L.   1723-1724. 

Mrs.  Oldfield  :  Leucippe  =  Mr.  Cross  :  Governess  = 
Mrs.  Baker, 

20.  For  bt.  of  Thurmond  Dancing  Master  (Mrs. 
Thurmond's  husband) — Othello. 

24.  Hamlet.     Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

27.  King  Lear.  Kent  =  Williams  :  Gloster  =  Thur- 
mond. 

28.  Harper's  bt.   Amphitryon.     Jupiter  =Wilks : 
Sosia  =  Harper :  Mercury  =  Shepherd  :  Amphitryon 
—  Mills  :  Gripus  =  Griffin  :  Alcmena  =  Mrs.  Thur- 
mond :  Phaedra  =  Mrs.  Tenoe. 

May  8.  Silent  Woman  =  Mrs.  Oldfield,  being  her 
last  appearance  till  winter. 

13.  For  bt.  of  Chetwood  Prompter.     Lancashire 
Witches. 

14.  Unhappy  Favourite.    Essex  =  Booth  :  Rutland 
=  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

16.  Recruiting  Officer.  Kite  =  Harper:  Sylvia  = 
Mrs.  Younger. 

23.  Pinkethman's  bt.  Epsom  Wells.  Wilks- 
Mills — Johnson  —  Wilks  Jun. — Norris  — Harper— 
Pinkethman  —  Mrs.  Thurmond  —  Mrs.  Younger  - 
Mrs.  Heron  &c. 

25.  For  bt.  of  Widow  Leigh.    Tempest — last  play. 
No  Summer  bills.     {Bills  from  B.  M.) 

Ram  Alley — a  Gentleman  lent  me  a  copy  of  this 
play  with  the  following  cast  in  manuscript — it  is  clear 
that  Ram  Alley  was  revived  at  D.  L.  about  this  time ; 
and  it  seems  most  probable  that  the  revival  took  place 
in  1723  or  1724,  as  Mrs.  Seal  and  Pinkethman  acted 
in  it — Mrs.  Seal  played  a  small  part  in  1719  and  a 
part  of  some  importance  in  the  summer  of  17-3— 
her  part  in  Ram  Alley  is  not  a  bad  one — Sir  Oliver 


D.  L.   1723-1724.  135 

Small-shanks  =  Shepherd :  Tom  Small-shanks  and 
Will  Small-shanks  (his  sons) = Gibber  Jun.  and  Wilks : 
Throate  =  Norris  :  Justice  Tutchin  =  Pinkethman  : 
Boutcher  =  Mills:  Lieutenant  Beard  =  Harper :  Cap- 
tain Face  =  Miller :  Dash  (Throate's  clerk)  =  Mills 
Jun.:  WidowTaffata=Mrs.  Thurmond:  Constantia 
Sommerfield  =  Mrs.  Booth  :  Lady  Sommerfield  (her 
mother)  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Frances  (Will  Small-shanks' 
courtezan)  =  Mrs.  Younger :  Adriana  (the  widow's 
maid)  =  Mrs.  Seal. 

Ram  Alley,  or  Merry  Tricks  is  a  good  C.  by  Lodo- 
wick  Barry — it  was  printed  in  1611,  and  had  been 
acted  by  the  children  of  the  King's  Revels— Ram 
Alley  is  situated  near  the  Temple,  and  seems  to  have 
been  part  of  Alsatia  (see  Squire  of  Alsatia  T.  R.  1688) 
— William  Smallshariks  is  a  wild  young  man,  who 
had  mortgaged  his  small  estate  to  a  lawyer  called 
Throate — with  the  assistance  of  his  friend  Boutcher, 
he  pretends  to  have  run  away  with  the  daughter  of 
Lady  Sommerfield,  who  is  a  rich  heiress — he  brings 
his  Courtezan  to  Throate's  as  the  heiress — Throate 
prevails  on  her  to  marry  him  instead  of  Small-shanks, 
but  in  order  to  compound  the  matter  he  restores  to 
Small-shanks  his  mortgage — Constantia,  the  real 
heiress,  is  in  love  with  Boutcher  and  follows  him  as 

his  Page — at  the  conclusion,  they  are  married 

Taffata,  a  mercer's  widow,  agrees  to  marry  Sir  Oliver 
Small-shanks — on  the  night  before  the  wedding,  Wil- 
liam Small-shanks  convices  her  that  a  young  husband 
would  suit  her  better  than  an  old  one — Sir  Oliver 
comes  to  her  house  with  a  serenade  of  fiddles — his 
son  appears  at  the  widow's  chamber  window  in  his 
shirt — a  similar  incident  occurs  in  the  Parson's  Wed- 


136  i).  L.   1723-1724. 

ding'and  Woman's  a  Riddle — but  with  this  difference 
—in  those  plays  the  lovers  gain  admission  into  the 
ladies'  chambers  without  their  knowledge,  and  the 
ladies  consent  to  a  marriage  to  save  their  reputations 
— whereas  in  Ram  Alley,  the  widow  agrees  to  reverse 
the  proper  order  of  things,  and  to  take  the  marriage 
ceremony  last. 

Pinkethman  seems  not  to  have  acted  after  this 
time—  several  of  his  parts  early  in  the  next  season, 
were  given  to  other  performers — in  the  D.  P.  of  dif- 
ferent plays  he  is  sometimes  called  Penkethman 
and  sometimes  Pznkethman — it  is  impossible  to  de- 
termine which  is  right,  as  he  signs  his  name  to  Love 
without  Interest  in  1699  as  Will  Penkethman  ;  and 
to  Courtship  a-la-mode  in  1700  as  Will  Pmkethmari 
— the  Epilogue  to  the  former  of  these  plays  is  said  to 
be  spoken  by  Penkethmari — in  the  10th  line  of  it  his 
name  is  spelt  P«nkethman — he  is  often  called  Pmkey, 
but  seldom  or  never  Penkey. 

He  originally  held  a  low  rank  in  the  theatre,  in 
1692  his  name  appears  to  a  very  small  character— on 
the  secession  of  Betterton  and  his  friends  in  1695,  he 
came  into  better  parts  and  made  a  visible  improve- 
ment till  he  became  the  first  actor  in  his  line — he  was 
an  imitator  of  Leigh,  but  to  those  who  had  not  seen 
Leigh,  he  might  well  pass  for  more  than  a  common 
original  :  he  was  rather  a  droll  than  a  chaste  actor,  he 
seems  to  have  been  a  vast  favourite  with  the  Gallery, 
and  to  have  had  a  great  deal  of  fun  in  his  counte- 
nance ;  the  Prologue  to  the  Conscious  Lovers  says — 

"  Some  fix  all  wit  and  humour  in  grimace, 
"  And  make  a  livelihood  of  Pinkey's  face." 


D.  L.   1723-1724.  137 

He  had  from  nature  a  great  deal  of  comic  power  but 
his  judgment  was  not  by  any  means  equal  to  it — he 
was  apt  to  insert  many  things  not  in  his  part,  and  to 
take  great  liberties — if  they  succeeded  all  was  well ; 
if  he  met  with  a  rebuke,  he  would  say  to  himself,  yet 
loud  enough  to  be  heard,  "  Odso  I  believe  I  am  wrong" 
—which  once  was  so  well  received  by  the  audience, 
that  they  turned  their  reproof  into  applause.  (  Chiefly 
Cibber.) 

The  instance  alluded  to  by  Cibber  is  probably  the 
same  as  that  related  at  length  by  Davies — the  play 
was  the   Recruiting  Officer — and  when  Wilks,  as 
Captain  Plume,   asked  Pinkethman,  as  one  of  the 
Recruits,  his  name,  instead  of  answering  as  he  ought, 
he  replied,  "  Why  don't  you  know  my   name  Bob? 
"  I  thought  every  fool  had  known  that" — Wilks  in  a 
rage  whispered  him  Thomas  Appletree,  the  name  of 
the   Recruit — the   other   retorted   aloud  "  Thomas 
"  Appletree !  Thomas  Devil !  my  name  is  Will  Pin- 
"  kethman" — and  immediately  addressing  himself  to 
the  upper  regions,  he  said  "  Hark  ye  friend  don't  you 
"  know  my  name?"  *  Yes  Master  Pinkey,'  said  a  voice 
from  the  Gallery  *  we  know  it  very  well' — the  play- 
house was  now  in  an  uproar — the  audience  at  first 
enjoyed  the  folly  of  Pinkethman,  arid  the  distress  of 
Wilks,  but  the  joke  growing  tiresome  they  brought 
the  former  to  his  senses  witli  a  good  hiss. 

The  Taller  pretends  to  have  received  a  letter  from 
Bullock  and  Pinkethman  requesting  him  to  draw  a 
parallel  between  them,  as  he  had  before  done  in  a 
few  lines,  between  Wilks  and  Cibber — he  therefore 
informs  posterity  that  William  Bullock  and  William 


138  D.  L.  1723-1724. 

Pinkethmari  are  of  the  same  age,  profession  and  sex 
— they  both  distinguish  themselves  in  a  very  par- 
ticular manner  under  the  discipline  of  the  crabtree, 
with  this  only  difference,  that  Bullock  has  a  more 
agreeable  squall,  and  Pinkethman  a  more  graceful 
shrug — Pinkethman  devours  a  cold  chicken  with  great 
applause,  but  Bullock's  talent  lies  chiefly  in  sparrow- 
grass — Pinkethman  is  very  dexterous  in  conveying 
himself  under  a  table  :  Bullock  is  no  less  active  in 
jumping  over  a  stick  :  Pinkethman  has  a  great  deal 
of  money,  but  Bullock  is  the  taller  man. 

When  Pinkethman  first  acted  Harlequin  in  the 
Emperour  of  the  Moon,  several  gentlemen  fancied 
that  a  great  deal  of  the  drollery  and  spirit  of  his  gri- 
mace was  lost  by  his  wearing  of  the  usual  black  mask 
—  they  therefore  insisted  that  the  next  time  he  acted 
that  part,  he  should  play  without  it  ;  which  he  did 
accordingly — but  he  was  no  more  Harlequin — his 
humour  was  quite  disconcerted — he  could  not  sum- 
mon up  the  effrontery  necessary  for  the  character, 
without  the  covering  of  that  unchanging  face,  which 
he  was  sure  would  never  blush  for  it — (  Gibber} — see 
Sep.  18  1702. 

Davies  says,  when  George  the  2d,  then  Prince  of 
Wales,  commanded  the  comic  scenes  in  Venice  Pre- 
served to  be  revived,  Pinkethman  acted  Antonio  and 

Mrs.  Horton  Aquiliria this  is  very  probable  ;  but 

I  never  saw  the  character  of  Aquilina  in  any  play  bill, 
tho'  I  particularly  looked  for  it. 

Pinkethman  had  a  theatre  of  his  own  at  Richmond 
and  usually  a  booth  at  Bartholomew  Fair — Downes 
says  in  1708 — "  He's  the  darling  of  Fortunatus,  and 


D.  L.    1723-1724,  139 

"  has  gained  more  in  Theatres  and  Fairs  in  12  years 
"  than  those  who  have  tugged  at  the  oar  of  acting 
"  these  50." 


Pinkethmarfs  cliaracters — selection  only. 

T.R.  1692.  *  Taylor  in  Volunteers. 

1693.  *  Porter  in  Maid's  last  Prayer. 

1694.  2d  Innkeeper  and  Jack  Sawce  in  Canterbury 
Guests. 

D.  L.  1696.  *Sir  Merlin    Marteen    in    Younger 
Brother — *Nic  Froth  in  Cornish  Comedy. 

1697.  *Major  Rakish  in.  Woman's  Wit— *Balder- 
noe  in  Plot  and  no  Plot — 1st  Tradesman,  Quaint  arid 
Sir  Polidorus  Hogstye  in  ^sop — Lory — Humorous 
Lieutenant. 

1698.  *Min  HeerTomas  in  Campaigners — Snatch- 
penny  in  Sauny  the  Scot. 

1699.  *Club   in   Love    and   a    Bottle *Beau 

Clincher  in  Constant  Couple. 

1700.  Mad  Taylor  in  Pilgrim. 

1701.  *Don  Lewis  in    Love    makes  a  Man — 

*  Clincher  in  Sir  Harry  Wildair — *Charles  Codshead 
in  the  Bath. 

1702.  *Trim  — *Lopez   in   False   Friend— *  Old 
Mirabel —  Harlequin  in   Emperor  of  the  Moon— 
*Trappanti — *Subtleman  in  Twin  Rivals. 

1703.  *  Squib  in  Tunbridge  Walks — *Whimsey  in 
Fair  Example. 

1703-1704.  *Storm  in  Lying  Lover — Young  Hart- 
fort  in  Lancashire  Witches— at  Court — Ralph  in  Sir 
Solomon — and  Dr.  Caius. 


140  D.  L.  1723-1724. 

1704-1705.  *Humphry  Gubbin  in  Tender  Hus- 
band. 

1705-1706.  Sir  William  Belfond  in  Squire  of  Al- 
satia — *Chum  in  Hampstead  Heath. 

1706-1707.  Day  in  Committee. 

1707-1708.  Nonsense  in  Northern  Lass — Hearty 
in  Jovial  Crew. 

1708.  Crack  in  Sir  Courtly  Nice — Antonio  in 
Chances — Van  Grin  in  Marriage- Hater  —  Daniel  in 
Oronooko — Old  Brag  in  Love  for  Money — Antonio 
in  Venice  Preserved. 

1708-1709.  Gentleman  Usher  in  King  Lear — 
Fribble  in  Epsom  Wells — *Sir  Oliver  Oldwit  in  Rival 
Fools — Dashwell  in  London  Cuckolds — Sneak  in 
Fond  Husband — Abel  Drugger — Costar  Pearmain. 

Hay.  1709-1710.  Snap  in  Love's  last  Shift  — 
Scrub  —  Shorthose  in  Wit  without  Money — Gentle- 
man Usher  in  Rehearsal — Merryman  in  Amorous 
Widow — *Clinch  in  Man's  Bewitched — Old  Bellair 
in  Man  of  the  Mode — *Major  Rakish  in  Schoolboy— 
Calianax  in  Maid's  Tragedy. 

D.  L.  1710-1711.  *Tipple  in  Injured  Love. 

1711-1712.  Bricklayer  in  City  Politics. 

1712-1713.  *Bisket  in  Humours  of  the  Army. 

1714-1715.  Ruffian  and  Apothecary  in  Caius  Ma- 
rius — *Jonas  Dock  in  What  d'ye  call  it. 

1715-1716.  *Butler  in  Drummer. 

1716-1717.  "Underplot  in  Three  Hours  after  Mar- 
riage. 

1717-1718.  Thomas  Appletree— 1st  Witch— Sir 
Wilful  Witwoud. 

1720-1721.  Feeble  in  Henry  the  4th  part  2d  with 
Epilogue  in  character — *Sir  Gilbert  Wrangle  in 
Refusal. 


L.  i.  F.  1723-1724.  141 

1722-1723.  Jerry  Blackacre  in  Plain  Dealer— Jus- 
tice Tutchin  in  Ram  Alley. 


Originally. 


L.  I.  F.    1723-1724. 

Sep.  28.  (Edipus.  Jocastar: Mrs.  Knight:  Eury- 
dice  =  Mrs.  Wilson,  being  her  first  appearance  on  any 
stage. 

SO.  Macbeth  =  Quin  :  Macduff=Ryan  :  Banquo 
=  Boheme  :  Lenox  —  Walker :  Hecate  =  Hall :  1st 
Murderer  =  Spiller :  Witches  =  Bullock,  Hippisley 
and  Morgan  :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Knight :  Lady 
Macduff  =  Mrs.  Wilson. 

Oct.  2.  Othello.  Desdemona  —  Mrs.  Sterling  from 
Dublin. 

7.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  =  Egleton  :  Sir  Francis 
Gripe  =  Hippisley  :  Miranda  =  Mrs.  Sterling:  Patch 
=  Mrs.  Egleton. 

9.  Emperour  of  the  Moon  and  Country  Wake. 

1 1 .  Richard  3d.  Queen  =  M rs.  Wilson :  Lady  Anne 
=  Mrs.  Vincent :  Duchess  of  York  =  Mrs.  Knight. 

14.  Drummer.     Veil um  =  Hippisley. 

18.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Charino^  Hippisley. 

24.  Henry  4th.  Hotspur  =  Boheme. 

31.  Julius  Caesar.     Calphurnia=  Mrs.  Knight. 


142  L.  i.  F    1723-1724. 

Nov.  1.  Cutter  of  Colman  Street. 

2.  Island  Princess.  Quisara^Mrs.  Parker  :  Comic 
characters  =  Bullock,  Spiller,  and  Hippisley. 

4.  Tamerlane.     Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Parker. 

12.  Fair  Quaker.  Scruple  =  Hippisley  :  Sailor  = 
Boheme  :  Dorcas  =  Mrs.  Rogeir :  Arabella  =  Mrs. 
Cross. 

14.  Hamlet.     Queen  =  Mrs.  Knight. 

16.  Pilgrim.     Alinda  =  Mrs.  Brett. 

18.  Oronooko  =  Boheme :  Daniel  =  Spiller  :  Imo- 
inda  =  Mrs.  Vincent. 

19.  Soldier's  Fortune.     Lady  Dunce  =  Mrs.  Vin- 
cent. 

21.  Troilus  and  Cressida.  Cressida  =  Mrs.  Ster- 
ling :  Andromache  =  Mrs.  Knight. 

23.  Amorous  Widow — 25.  Squire  of  Alsatia. 

26.  Rival  Queens.  Cassander  =  Walker :  Roxana 
=  Mrs.  Knight:  Statira  =  Mrs.  Parker. 

28.  Not  acted  20  years,  a  C.  called  Like  to  Like, 
or  a  Match  well  made  up.  Piperollo  =  Spiller : 
B  ell  i  des  =  Walker:  Bertollo  =  Hippisley :  Moncado 
=  Quin  :  Fabio  =  Bullock :  Lisauris  r=Diggs  :  Vertego 
=  Egleton  :  Paulina  —  Mrs.  Cross  :  Angellina  =  Mrs. 
Vincent :  Annophil  =  Mrs.  Brett :  Isabella  =  Mrs. 
Morgan  :  Morulla  =  Mrs.  Egleton  :  —  acted  twice  — 
no  play  is  noticed  by  this  name  in  the  B.  D. — as  Pi- 
perollo— Fabio — Paulina — Angellina  and  Morulla 
are  characters  in  Shirley's  Sisters,  it  was  doubtless 
an  alteration  of  his  play  which  was  acted  on  this 
evening. 

The  Sisters  is  a  very  good  play — it  was  not  printed 
till  t'652,  but  it  had  been  acted  at  Black  Friars,  pro- 
bably in  1640,  when  the  King  and  Court  were  at 


L.  i.  F.  1723-1724.  143 

York — Shirley  in  his  Prologue  says — "  London  is 
"  gone  to  York" — Paulina  and  Angellina  are  Sisters, 
the  first  is  remarkable  for  her  excessive  pride,  the 
other  for  her  humility — their  father  had  left  a  large 
fortune  to  Paulina,  and  only  a  pittance  to  Angellina 
— Antonio,  who  is  their  uncle,  dislikes  Paulina  for 
her  excessive  vanity,  and  wishes  to  dissuade  Angellina 
from  going  into  a  nunnery,  which  it  is  her  intention 
to  do — a  nobleman,  called  Contarini,  visits  Paulina 
from  curiosity — she  receives  him  as  if  she  had  been  a 
Princess — he  falls  in  love  with  Angellina — Frapolo,  who 
is  the  Captain  of  a  gang  of  Banditti,  comes  to  Pau- 
lina's with  his  companions  disguised  as  fortune-tellers 

—Frapolo  tells  Paulina  that  she  will  be  married  to  a 
Prince — she  believes  him — in  the  next  act,  Frapolo 
visits  Paulina  as  Farnese  Prince  of  Parma — she 
marries  him — the  real  Farnese  arrives — Frapolo  is 
forced  to  own  that  he  is  only  Prince  of  the  Banditti 

— Fabio  and  Morulla,  on  hearing  that  Paulina  was  to 
be  married  to  the  Prince  of  Parma  are  frightened— 
they  acknowledge  that  Paulina  is  their  daughter,  and 
that  they  had  substituted  her  for  the  real  Paulina, 
who  had  died  when  she  was  at  nurse  with  Morulla— 
Antonio   observes — "  Why  there's  a  baggage  and  a 
"  thief  well  met  then" — hence  the  titles  of  the  altered 
play — at  the  conclusion,  Farnese  marries  Angellina — 
Contarini  marries  Pulcheria,  a  Sicilian  lady,  who  was 
disguised  as  his  page,  and  to  whom  he  had  been  con- 
tracted— Piperollo   is  the  son  of  Fabio  and  Morulla 

—he  joins  the  Banditti,  and  persuades  them  to  rob 
his  father  and  mother — lie  gets  a  service  in  Paulina's 
family — one  of  the  fortune-tellers  assures  him,^that 

he  will  first  be  robbed  and  beaten — and  then  be  made 


144  L.  i.  F.  1723-1724. 

a  knight — he  attends  Lucio,  Paulina's  steward,  who 
had  been  to  receive  her  rents — Piperollo  is  very  de- 
sirous to  be  robbed,  as  he  thinks  that  if  the  first  part 
of  the  prophecy  be  accomplished,  the  other  part  will 
certainly  follow — he  attracts  the  notice  of  the  Ban- 
ditti by  the  noise  which  he  makes — and  is  delighted 
at  being  robbed  and  beaten — in  the  altered  play  the 
names  of  Farnese — Frapolo — Antonio — Contarini— 
Lucio — Pulcheria  and  Francescina — seem  to  have 
been  changed  to — Moncado — Bellides — Bertollo — 
Lisauris — Vertego — Annophil  and  Isabella. 

Nov.  30.  Mrs.  Centlivre  died  about  this  time — she 
wrote  2  Tragedies,  3  Farces  and  14  Comedies — her 
Tragedies  do  her  no  credit — most  of  her  Farces  and 
Comedies  are  good — the  Wonder  and  Busy  Body  will 
always  deserve  a  place  among  our  best  plays — for  an 
account  of  her  private  life  see  Whincop. 

Dec.  2.  Spanish  Fryar.  Gomez  =  Hippisley :  Ray- 
mond =  Boheme :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Parker:  Elvira^ 
Mrs.  Cross. 

3.  Cartouche.     Cartouche  =  Spiller. 
7.  Mariamne.     Mariamne  =  Mrs.  Parker. 
9.  Woman's  Revenge.  Mother  Griffin  =  Hippisley. 
16.  Don  Quixote.     Gardener  =  Hippisley. 
20.  Rich  on  this  evening  produced  one  of  his  grand 
Pantomimes,  called  the  Necromancer,  or  History  of 
Dr.  Faustus — it  was  very  successful — a  play  seems 
to  have  been  acted  before  it  for  form's  sake — the  name 
of  the  play  only  was  in  the  bill  from  Dec.  20  to  Feb. 
24 — the  rest  of  the  bill  was  occupied  by  the  Necro- 
mancer  a  Pantomime    called   Dr.  Faustus   had 

been  brought  out  at  D.  L.  in  the  more  early  part  of 
this  season. 


L.  i.  F.  1723-1724.  145 

-2J.     Unhappy  Favourite. 

Feb.  24.     Never  acted,  Edwin.     Edwin  (King  of 
Britain)  =  Boheme :  Leolin  (his  captive  and  compe- 
titor) —  Ryan:   Gomel  (chief  minister  to  Edwin)  = 
Quiri :     Albert   (a   nobleman    of  Edwin's  party)  — 
Walker:  Tudor  =  Hulett  :  Adeli/a  =  Mrs.   Parker: 
Matilda  (Edwin's  sister)  =  Mrs.   Vincent : —acted  6 
times — this  T.  was  written  by  Jeffreys — it  has  no 
gross  fault,  nor  has  it  any  thing  to  recommend  it— 
the  scene  lies  at  Verulam—  the  plot  is  improbable. 
March  16.    Beaux  Strategem.  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs. 
Parker. 

19.  Quin's  bt.  Not  acted  3  years,  Titus  Androni- 
cus.  Aaron  =  Quin :  Titus  =  Boheme :  Bassianus  = 
Walker:  Saturni  nus  =  Leigh  :  Lucius  =  Ryan:  Ta- 
inora  — Mrs.  Egleton:  Laviriia=:Mrs.  Sterling: — the 
same  play  is  announced  for  Quiri's  bt.  April  2,5,  when, 
it  is  again  said  not  to  have  been  acted  for  3  years  ; 
and  tickets  given  out  for  the  Roman  Maid  were  to 
be  taken. 

2-3.  Walker's  bt.  Old  Batchelor. 
2(i.  Ryan's  bt.  Not  acted  20  years,  King  and  no 
King.  Arbaces  =  Boheme  :  Bessus  =  Quiri :  Mardo- 
nius  =  Ryan  :  Tigranes  —  Walker  :  Gobrias  =.  Leigh : 
Swords-men  =  Spiller  and  H.  Bullock:  Panthea  = 
Mrs.  Brett:  Spacoriia=  .Mrs.  Parker  :  Ararie  =  Mrs. 
Knight. 

28.  Boheme's  bt.  King  Lear.  Cordelia  =  Mr*. 
Brett. 

April  fi.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Egleton.  Not 
acted  5  years,  Devil  of  a  Wife.  Jobson  =  Spiller  : 
Parson  Noddy  =  Egleton  :  Butler  Chip=  Hippisley  : 
Countryman  =  Bullock  :  the  part  of  the  Devil  of  a 

VOL.    III.  I. 


L.  i.  F.   1723-1724. 

Wife  by  Mrs.  Egleton  :  Nell  is  omitted — with  Country 
House. 

7-    Spiller's  bt.     Love  makes  a  Man.     Elvira  — 
Mrs.  Knight. 

9.  Measure  for  Measure.    Isabella  =  Mrs.  Parker. 

14.  Never  acted,  Belisarius.  Belisarius  =  Boheme: 
Justinian  =  Ryan  :  Hermogenes  =  Quin  :  Froclus 
(friend  to  Belisarius)  =  Walker  :  Vitiges  (King  of  the 
Goths)  =Diggs :  Macro  (in  love  with  Almira)  =  Egle- 
ton;. Almira  (daughter  to  Vitiges)  =  Mrs.  Brett :  Va- 
leria (sister  to  Justinian )  =  Mrs.  Parker: — acted  6 
times — Belisarius  enters  in  triumph  with  Vitiges  as 
a  prisoner — Justinian  at  his  request  sets  Vitiges  free 
—he  offers  Valeria  to  Belisarius — Belisarius  receiv.es 
the  offer  with  coolness,  as  he  is  in  love  with  Almira 
-Valeria  is  offended — Hermogenes  instigates  her 
against  Belisarius — in  the  3d  act,  he  announces  to 
Belisarius,  that  the  Emperour  had  dismissed  him  from 
his  command,  and  confiscated  his  property — Almira 
consoles  him — Belisarius  says  that  empire,  glory  and 
power  are  vain  when  compared  with  love — Hermo- 
genes accuses  Belisarius  to  the  Emperour  as  guilty  of 
treason — Belisarius  requests  to  be  allowed  to  retire 
with  Almira  to  a  villa  on  the  Tyber— Justinian  con- 
siders this  as  a  confirmation  of  his  ambitious  designs 
— Belisarius  is  led  off  to  have  his  eyes  put  out — he 
re-enters  blind — Almira,  on  seeing  him  in  that  con- 
dition,  faints — Justinian  is  convinced  of  Belisarius' 
innocence — Hermogenes  is  condemned — Belisarius 
is  killed  by  Macro — Almira  is  also  killed — this  T. 
was  written  by  William  Philips — it  is  a  poor  play- 
Gibbon,  after  giving  the  simple  narrative  of  Belisa- 
rius' fall,  (which  happened  in  his  old  age)  adds  — 


r..  i.  i.    1723-17-21,  1  17 

"  that  he  was  deprived  of  his  eyes  and  reduced  by 
"  envy  to  beg  his  bread — *  give  a  penny  to  Belisa- 
i4  rius  the  General' — is  a  fiction  of  modern  times"- 
in  the  play  Belisarius  says  "  Who  will  give  an  Obelus 
"to  relieve  iny  wants?" — this,  tho'  not  true  in  fact, 
might  perhaps  be  tolerated  on  the  stage,  if  properly 
introduced  ;  but  one  is  disgusted  to  the  last  degree,  at 
finding  Belisarius'  disgrace  attributed  to  his  love  for 
Almira,  and  rejection  of  Valeria. 

21.  Mrs.  Knight's  bt.    Oronooko.    Daniel  =  Pack: 
Imoinda  =  Mrs.  Vincent  :    Widow  =  Mrs.  Knight. 

22.  Mrs.  Cross'  bt.      Provoked  Wife.     Razor  = 
Egleton :  Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Knight :  Belinda  =  Mrs. 
Sterling  : — rest  as  before. 

24.  For  bt.  of  Hippisley  and  Mrs.  Rogeir.  Pil- 
grim. 

2,5.     Titus  Andronicus.     Tamora  =  Mrs.  Knight. 

28.  Merry  Wives.     Dr.  Cains  —  Spiller:    Mrs. 
Ford  =  Mrs.  Cross :  Mrs.  Page  —  Mrs.  Parker. 

29.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Brett  and  Mrs.  Sterling.    Don 
Sebastian.     Antonio  —  Egleton  :  Muly  Moluch  =  Bo- 
hcme  :    Almeyda  —  Mrs.  Parker:    Morayma  =  Mrs. 
Sterling  :— see  Nov.  9  1721. 

May  2.  For  the  bt.  of  the  (reputed)  author  of 
Fatal  Extravagance.  Spanish  Fry ar.  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Parker. 

7.    Pack's  bt.      Drummer  and   Country  Wake. 
Friendly  =  Pack  :  Hob  =  Spiller. 

8.    Devil  of  a  Wife — Nell  is  again  omitted. 

15.  For  bt.  of  Hulett  and  Chapman.  King  Lear. 
Kent = Hulett :  Albany  —  Chapman. 

21.  Not  acted  10  years,  Cheats  of  Scapin.  Scapin 
—  Hippisley, 


148  L   i.  F.  1723-1724. 

26.     London  Cuckolds.     Eugenia  — Mrs.   Knight. 

JuneS.  Double  Dealer.  Sir  Paul  Ply  ant  —  Hip- 
pi  sley  :  Lord  Froth  —  Spiller  :  Lady  Touchwood  = 
Mrs.  Egletori :  Lady  Froth  =  Mrs.  Cross :  Lady 
Plyant  =  Mrs.  Knight : — rest  as  before. 


Summer. 

June  23.  Not  acted  12  years,  Love  and  a  Bottle. 
Roebuck  =  Walker  :  Lyrick  =  Bullock :  Brush  =  Spil- 
ler :  Leanthe  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Lucinda  =  Mrs.  Mof- 
fet,  being  her  1st  appearance : — acted  about  5  times. 

July  3.  Not  acted  6  years,  Sophonisba.  1V1  assi- 
nissa  =  Walker  : — acted  3  times. 

14.  Not  acted  10  years,  Love's  Contrivance. 

21.  Indian  Emperor.     Cortez  =  Walker. 

31.  Not  acted  20  years,  Massaniello  carefully  re- 
vised and  altered  from  D'Urfey — (see  D.  L.  1699)— 
Massaniello  =  Walker :  Cardinal  =  Leigh  :  Duke  of 
M  ataloni  =  Hulett :  Prince  of  Bissignano  =  Ogden  : 
Viceroy  =  Smith  :  Pedro  —  Huddy  :  Comic  parts  by 
Bullock,  Hall  &c.  :  Belleraiza  Duchess  of  M ataloni 
=  Mrs.  Moffet: — with  a  new  Prologue — acted  3 
times — Chetwood  gives  us  a  song  in  8  stanzas  written 
by  John  Leigh  the  actor,  in  which  it  is  said— 

"  Tom  Walker,  his  creditors  meaning  to  chouse, 
"  Like  an  honest  good-natured  young  fellow, 

"  Resolv'd  all  the  summer  to  stay  in  the  house 
"  And  rehearse  by  himself  Massaniello." 


Chetwood  adds  in  a  note,  that  Walker  took  some 
pains  one  summer  to  contract  the  two  parts  of  Mas- 


L.  i.  F.  1723-1721.  149 

sanicllo  into  one — he  is  however  incorrect  in  sup- 
posing that  the  altered  play  was  not  acted  till  the 
winter — Walker  seems  to  have  been  very  well  calcu- 
lated for  acting  Massaniello. 

Aug.  11.  Never  acted,  Roman  Maid.  Galerius 
Ceesar  —  Walker  :  Dioclesian  =:  Ogden  :  Paulinus  (a 
Roman  general)  =  Boheme  :  a  Christian  Hermit  — 
Leigh:  Maximus  =  Huddy  :  Carus  =  Hulett :  Pau- 
lina (the  Roman  Maid — daughter  to  Paulinus^^ 
Mrs.  Moffet :  Camilla  (sister  to  Dioclesian)  =  Mrs. 
Parker:  Serena  (his  wife)  =  Mrs.  Plomer: — acted  3 
times — this  is  the  cast  of  the  play  as  printed,  and 
as  it  was  acted  on  the  20th  of  Jan.  1725 — on  the  1st 
night,  Smith,  Mrs.  Morgan  and  Mrs.  Cantrell  acted 
in  it,  instead  of  Boheme,  Mrs.  Parker  and  Mrs. 

Plomer Dioclesian  makes  Galerius  his  associate 

in  the  Empire— Galerius  had  been  in  love  with  Ca- 
milla— he  is  now  in  love  with   Paulina — Camilla  is 
highly  indignant  at  being  deserted  by  him — Diocle- 
sian  declares   his    intention    of  exterminating    the 
Christians  —  Paulina   tells   Galerius   that   she   is   a 
Christian — Serena  makes  the  same  acknowledgment 
to  Dioclesian — Dioclesian  sends  her  to  prison — in 
the  4th  act,   Galerius  intercedes  with  Dioclesian  to 
prevent  the  persecution  — Dioclesian  overhears  a  con- 
versation between  Galerius  and  Paulina,  in  which 
she  almost  converts  him  to  Christianity — Dioclesian 
is  in  a  rage — in  the  5th  act,  the  scene  changes  to  the 
Temple  of  Vesta — Paulina  is  about  to  be  sacrificed 
— Paulinus  implores  Dioclesian's  mercy  for  his  daugh- 
ter— Dioclesian  orders  Camilla  to  prepare  to  plunge 
a  dagger  into   Paulina's  bosom -a  Ghost  rises —no 
person  sees  it  but  Camilla — she  throws  away  the 


150  L.  i.  F.   1723-1724. 

dagger,  and  runs  off — it  thunders  and  lightens — the 
statue  of  Vesta  falls  suddenly  to  the  ground — Gale- 
rius  frees  the  Empress  and  forces  his  way  into  the 
temple — Dioclesiari  resigns  the  empire  to  him — Pau- 
lina is  stabbed  by  Maximus — before  her  death,  she 
entreats  Galerius  to  stop  the  persecution  of  the 
Christians — he  promises  to  do  so — the  scene  lies  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  Rome — this  T.  was  written  by 
Hurst — it  is  on  the  whole  a  poor  play,  but  there  are 
some  good  passages  in  it — the  author  tells  us  in  his 
dedication,  that  the  Roman  Maid  is  celebrated  in 
history  for  her  beauty,  piety,  and  constancy — the  rest 
of  the  play  is  fiction — the  character  of  Galerius  is 
misrepresented  in  the  grossest  manner — he  was  really 
of  a  stern  temper  and  haughty  mind,  and  to  his  im- 
portunities it  was  owing,  that  Dioclesian  began  a 
general  persecution  of  the  Christians — see  Gibbon 
Chap.  16th — Two  speeches  in  the  play  are  so  absurd 
that  they  deserve  to  be  quoted — 

"  Alas!  she's  cold, 

"  Cold  as  the  Thracian  Shepherdess,  that  tends 
"  Her  harmless  flock  on  the  bleak  mountain's 

"  top 
"  Cover'd  with  snow." 

The  Hermit  is  represented  as  living— 

"  In  a  lone  cave,  within  a  darksome  wood, 
"  Near  the  Mount  Aventine.'* 

20.  Love  and  a  Bottle.  Last  time  but  one  of 
acting — No  date — probably  22 — Whereas  the  play  of 
Massaniello  was  given  out  to  be  acted  this  day,  several 
of  the  actors  being  ill,  makes  us  incapable  of  pei 


L.  i.  F.  1723-1721.  1  :,\ 

forming  that  or  any  other  play,  and  therefore  thanking 
the  town  for  all  their  favours,  we  humbly  take  our 
leave  till  the  Winter  season.  (Sills  from  B.  AT) 

Mrs.  Knight  seems  not  to  have  acted  after  this 
season — little  or  nothing  is  recorded  of  her,  but  from 
the  parts  she  acted,  she  must  have  been  an  actress  of 

some  importance In  the  Female  Wits  she  is  said 

to  read  much  and  to  be  a  judge  of  plays — in  1709 

she  signed  the  petition  as  Fran.  M.  Knight Gildon 

in  the  preface  to  Phaeton  says  that  she  acted  admi- 
rably in  that  T.  and  proved  herself  one  of  the  best 
actresses  of  the  age. 


Mrs.  Knight's  characters  —  selection 


T.  R.  1684.     *Angeline  in  Disappointment. 

1688.  *Teresia  in  Squire  of  Alsatia. 

1689.  *Mrs.  Spruce  in  Fortune  Hunters. 

1691.     *Mrs.  Raison  in  Greenwich  Park—  *Miss 
Jenny  in  Love  for  Money. 

1694«.     *Dorothea  and  *Dutchess  in  1st  and  <2d 
part  of  Don  Quixote  —  *  Julia  in  Fatal  Marriage. 

1695.     *Arethusa  in  Settle's  Philaster. 

D.  L.  1696.  *Mirtilla  in  Younger  Brother— 
*  Widow  Lackitt  in  Oronooko—  *13onduca  in  ditto  as 
altered. 

1698.     *  Althaea  in  Phaeton. 

1701.  *Elvira  in  Love  makes  a  Man. 

1702.  *Viletta  in  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not. 

1703.  *Mrs.  Haughty  in  Vice  Reclaimed. 
170I3-17O1?.     *Qucen  Elizabeth  in  Albion  Queen*. 


152  L.  i.  F.   1723-1721, 

1704-170,5.     *Lady  Easy. 

1707-1708.  IMelinda  in  Recruiting  Officer— Hil- 
laria  in  Tunbridge  Walks — Jocasta — Mrs.  Fitchew 
in  Northern  Lass — Rachael  in  Jovial  Crew. 

1708.  Queen  in  Hamlet — Lady  Subtle  in  Marriage- 
Hater — Lady  Dunce  in  Soldier's  Fortune — Silent 
Woman— AJ rs.  Termagant  in  Squire  of  Alsatia— 
Lady  Lure  well. 

1708-1709.  Mrs.  Barry  not  being  engaged  she 
played  several  of  her  parts — Lady  Macbeth — Alcmena 
— Margarita  in  Rule  a  Wife — Roxana — Almeria  in 
Indian  Emperor — Leonora  in  Spanish  Fryar — An- 
gellica  in  Rover — Berinthia  in  Relapse — Lretitia  in 
Old  Batchelor — Scornful  Lady — Queen  Katharine — 
Maria  in  Fond  Husband — Almeyda  in  Don  Sebas- 
tian— Mrs.  Woodly  in  Epsorn  Wells — Cleopatra  in 
All  for  Love — Widow  in  Comical  Revenge. 

1709-1710.  Nourmahal  in  Aurenge-Zebe — Queen 
Elizabeth  in  Unhappy  Favourite — Mrs.  Frail — Evan- 
dra  in  Shad  well's  Timon  of  Athens — Clarissa  in  Con- 
federacy— Zara  in  M.  B — *Lady  Mezro  in  Bicker- 
staff's  Burying — Calphurnia. 

1710-1711.  Lady  Wou'dbe  in  Volpone—  Evadrie 
in  Maid's  Tragedy — Lady  Cockwood  in  She  wou'd 
if  she  cou'd— Leonora  in  Libertine. 

1713-1714.     *Clytemnestra  in  Victim. 

L.  I.  F.  1714-1715.  *Lady  Thinwit  in  Perplexed 
Couple. 

1715-1716.     Lady  Brute. 

1716-1717.     *Lady  Upstart  in  Artful  Husbaml- 
Pulcheria  in  Theodosius. 

1718-1719.     Lady  Plyant. 

17'J1.     She  seems   to  have   returned   1<>  the 


L.  i.  F.  1723-1724.  1  :>  i 

stage  after  an  absence  of  4  seasons — she  acted 
Duchess  of  York  in  Richard  3d — Andromache  in 
Troilus  and  Cressida — Arane  in  King  and  no  King. 

*   Originally. 


Mrs.  Cross,  when  a  girl,  spoke  the  Prologue  to 
the  3d  part  of  Don  Quixote  with  Horden  at  D.  L. 
in  1696 — in  1699  she  had  left  the  stage  and  was  gone 
to  France  with  a  certain  Baronet— to  this  Joe  Haines 
alludes  in  his  Epilogue  to  Love  and  a  Bottle — see 
D.  L.  1699— on  Jan.  2.  1704  O.  S.  Mrs.  Cross  re- 
turned to  D.  L.  after  an  absence  of  5  years — her 
name  does  not  appear  in  the  bills  after  this  season 
— Curll  in  his  life  of  Mrs.  Oldfield  says  Mrs.  Cross 
was  last  at  L.  I.  F.  and  has  been  dead  some  years. 


Mrs.  Cross*  characters — selection  only. 

T.  R.  1696.     *Altesidora  in  Don  Quixote  part  3d. 

1697-     *Miss  Hoyden  in  Relapse. 

1704-170,5.  Florimcl  in  Secret  Love— Gatty  in 
She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd — *Mrs.  Clerimorit  in  Tender 
Husband — Jacinta  in  Evening's  Love. 

1705-1706.  *Mrs.  Sago  in  Basset  Table. 

1706-1707.  Dorinda  in  Dryden's  Tempest— Jiltall 
in  Love  for  Money. 

Hay.  1707-1708.  *Lady  Sadlifc  in  Double  Gal- 
lant— Meliintha  in  Marriage  a-la-Mode  -*Miss  No- 
table in  Lady's  last  Stake. 


154  PANTOMIMES  AND  ENTERTAINMENTS. 

1).  L.  1708.1709.      Belinda  in  Old   Batchelor— 
"Miranda  in  Busy  Body. 

Hay.  1709-1710.  Ophelia— Harriet  in  Man  of 
the  Mode. 

L.  I.   F.    1715-1716.     Olivia   in  Plain  Dealer- 
Lady  Fanciful — Cornelia  in  Feigned  Courtezans. 

1716-1717.     *Miranda  in  Woman's  a  Riddle- 
Morayma  in  Don  Sebastian. 

1720-1721.  Mrs.  Ford— Bellemante  in  Emperor 
of  the  Moon — in  Much  ado  about  Nothing — probably 
Beatrice — Alinda  in  Pilgrim — Mademoiselle  in  Art- 
ful Husband. 

1722-1723.     Hillaria  in  Love's  last  Shift. 

1723-1724.  Paulina  in  Sisters  altered — Elvira  in 
Spanish  Fryar. 

*   Originally. 

There  are  several  seasons  in  which  she  seems  to 
have  had  no  engagement. 


PANTOMIMES  AND  ENTERTAINMENTS. 

The  Performers  who  were  under  Rich's  direction 
were  so  inferior  to  those  at  D.  L.  that  the  latter  car- 
ried away  all  the  applause  and  favour  of  the  town— 


PANTOMIMES    AND    ENTERTAINMENTS.  155 

Victor  says,  they  could  never  sec  any  thing  like  an 
audience  to  any  play  without  an  interest  made  for  it, 
till  the  success  of  Pantomimes  and  the  Beggar's 
Opera — in  this  distress  the  Genius  of  Rich  suggested 
to  him  a  species  of  entertainment  which  has  always 
been  considered  by  persons  of  sense  as  contemptible, 
but  which  at  the  same  time  has  ever  been  followed 
arid  encouraged — Pantomimes  were  brought  forward, 
and  as  sound  and  show  in  the  last  century  obtained  a 
victory  over  sense  and  reason  ;  the  same  event  would 
have  followed  again,  if  the  company  at  D.  L.  had  not, 
from  the  experience  of  past  times,  thought  it  advis- 
able to  adopt  the  same  measures. 

The  fertility  of  Rich's  invention  in  these  exotic 
entertainments  and  the  excellence  of  his  own  per- 
formance in  that  line  must  be  ever  acknowledged — 
by  means  of  these  only  he  kept  the  managers  of  the 
other  house  from  relaxing  their  diligence  ;  and  to  the 
disgrace  of  the  public  taste  frequently  obtained  more 
money  by  such  ridiculous  and  paltry  exhibitions  than 
all  the  sterling  merit  of  the  rival  theatre  was  able  to 
acquire.  (B.  Z>.) 

Christopher  Bullock  spoke  the  Epilogue  to  'Tis  well 
if  it  takes  in  the  character  of  Harlequin,  and  Rich 
before  this  time  had  produced  some  little  Harlequin- 
ades in  the  taste  of  the  Italian  Night-scenes,  but  his 
Genius  does  not  seem  to  have  blazed  forth  till  about, 
1723 — Thurmond  who  was  a  dancing  master  brought 
out  his  Pantomime  of  Harlequin  Dr.  Faustus  at  D.L. 
about  the  beginning  of  1723-1724- — this  Rich  seems 
to  have  considered  as  an  encroachment  on  his  Preroga- 
tive— in  Dec.  1723  he  produced  his  Necromancer  or 
Dr.  Faustus,  which  was  nrlrd  with  greater 


156  PANTOMIMES    AND    ENTERTAINMENTS. 

and  no  doubt  gotten  up  with  superior  splendour  — to 
this  rivalship  between  the  two  Pantomimes  the  Epi- 
logue to  Edwin  alludes— 

"  Yon  rival  theatre,  by  success  made  great, 

"  Plotting  destruction  to  our  sinking  state, 

"  Turn'd  our  own  arms  upon  us — and — woe'be 

"  to  us, 

"  They  needs  must  raise  the  Devil  to  undo  us  ! 
"  Straight  our  Enchanter  gave  his  spirits  wing 
"And  conjur'd  all  the  town  within  this  ring." 

Gibber  speaks  very  sensibly  on  this  subject  and 
says  that  he  never  would  have  consented  to  prosti- 
tute a  playhouse  in  which  he  had  a  concern  by  such 
exhibitions,  if  there  had  not  been  a  second  theatre— 
but  as  this  was  the  case,  they  were  obliged  at  D.  L. 
either  to  comply  with  the  public  taste  or  to  starve— 
he   adds   that  they  made   use  of  their  Pantomimes 
chiefly  to  support  their  weak  plays. 

Pope,   speaking   of  the  absurdity  of  these  exhibi- 
tions, says, 

"  When,  lo !  to  dark  encounter  in  mid  air 

"  New  Wizards  rise,  here  Booth  and  Gibber  there : 

"  Booth  in  his  cloudy  tabernacle  shrin'd, 

"  On  grinning  dragons  Gibber  mounts  the  wind." 

To  this  Gibber  in  his  letter  to  Pope  replies — "  if 
"  you  figuratively  mean  by  this  that  I  was  an  en- 
"  courager  of  those  fooleries,  you  are  mistaken,  for 
"  it  is  not  true  :  if  you  intend  it  literally,  that  I  was 
"  dunce  enough  to  mount  a  machine,  there  is  as  little 
"  truth  in  that  too." 

What  Wilks'  opinion  on  this  subject  was,  does  not 


PANTOMIMES    AND    ENTERTAINMENTS.  \!~)~ 

appear  :  but  Booth  went  one  step  farther  (fctonCibber  ; 
and  when  a  number  of  gentlemen  one  day  in  a  coffee- 
house gave  him  their  thanks  for  the  extraordinary 
pleasure  they  had  received  the  night  before  from  his 
performance  of  Varanes,  and  at  the  same  time  civilly 
blamed  him  for  tacking  to  so  fine  a  part  the  senseless 
stuff  of  Perseus  and  Andromeda,  adding  that  it  was 
much  beneath  the  dignity  of  the  theatre,  Booth  frankly 
answered,  that  he  thought  a  thin  audience  a  much 
greater  indignity  to  the  stage  than  that  they  had 
mentioned,  and  a  full  one  most  likely  to  keep  up  the 
spirit  of  the  actor  and  consequently  heighten  the  re- 
presentation :  he  begged  them  to  consider  that  there 
were  many  more  spectators  than  men  of  taste  and 
judgment  -,  and  if  by  the  artifice  of  a  Pantomime, 
they  could  entice  a  greater  number  to  partake  of  a 
good  play  than  could  be  drawn  without  it,  he  could 
not  see  any  great  harm  in  it  :  that  as  these  pieces 
were  performed  after  the  play  they  were  no  interrup- 
tion to  it,  and  for  his  part  he  confessed  he  considered 
profit  as  well  as  fame  ;  and  as  Aaron  Hill  had  justly 
observed,  he  could  not  think  it  was  the  business  of 
the  managers  to  be  wise  to  empty  boxes.  (Theo. 
Gibber.} 

Booth  seems  eagerly  to  have  caught  at  an  expres- 
sion of  Hill's,  who  was  certainly  no  friend  to  Panto- 
mimes,  as  appears  from  his  Snake  in  the  Grass- 
Victor  tells  us,  that  Booth  had  contracted  a  love  for 
money. 

Theophilus  Gibber  (in  his  life  of  Booth)  observes, 
that  however  the  severer  critics  might  cry  out  against 
these  mummeries,  as  they  often  called  them  ;  yet  as 
the  managers  found  laying  out  sonic  hundreds  on  a 


158  PANTOMIMES    AND    ENTERTAINMENTS. 

piece  of  this  description  would  bring  them  in  as 
many  thousands,  who  can  be  surprised  that  they  con- 
tinued them,  while  they  turned  so  much  to  their  ac- 
count ? 

As  plays  were  then  usually  acted  at  common  prices, 
viz.  Boxes  4s,  Pit  2s  and  6d,  First  Gallery  Is  and 
Od,  Upper  Gallery  Is,  their  receipts  made  a  much 
better  figure  in  the  office,  when  by  a  Pantomime 
they  were  enabled  to  advance  their  prices  to  Boxes 
5s,  &c.,  and  so  considerably  encreased  the  number  of 
their  spectators,  that  instead  of  receiving  (at  com- 
mon prices)  about  £500  per  week,  they  generally 
found  the  sum  total  of  6  days'  playing  amounted  to 
near  £1000 — so  great  was  the  run  to  many  of  these 
Entertainments,  that  the  advanced  prices  by  their  fre- 
quent use  became  rather  the  common  prices — what 
were  called  advanced  prices,  till  then,  had  been  taken 
only  on  very  particular  occasions ;  such  as  Benefit- 
Nights,  or  the  first  run  of  a  new  or  revived  play  new 
dressed  &c. 

It  was  objected  that  those  who  were  desirous  to 
see  a  play  were  obliged  to  pay  an  advanced  price  for 
what  they  did  not  want  to  see—  —to  this  objection 
Theo.  Gibber  started  a  remedy  which  the  managers 
approved,  and  by  his  advice  a  N.  B.  was  inserted  in 
the  Bills  to  this  effect — "  the  Advance-Money  to  be 
"  returned  to  those  who  choose  to  go  out  before  the 

"  Overture  to  the  Entertainment" this  silenced 

the  clamour  against  the  advanced  prices,  and  the 
managers  did  not  find  the  receipts  much  lessened  by 
it,  for  it  may  be  questioned  if  there  was  a  demand  for 

the  return  of  £20  in  10  years see  D.  L.  Dec  11 

17  H  -  and  D.  L.  Doc.  2S    171  1, 


HAYMARKI.T.  1.09 


HAYMARKET. 

In  1720  Potter  a  Carpenter  began  to  erect  a  The- 
atre— it  was  not  built  for  any  particular  person  or 
company,  but  seems  to  have  been  intended  as  a  mere 
speculation  by  the  architect,  who  relied  on  its  being 
occasionally  hired  for  dramatic  exhibitions.  (  B.  Z>.) 

At  the  new  Theatre  over  against  the  Opera  House 
in  the  Hay.  Dec.  12  1723  will  be  presented  a  new  C. 
called  the  Female  Fop — to  be  performed  by  persons, 
who  never  yet  appeared  in  public  —  (B.  M.) — of 
these  Mil  ward,  who  played  Trueman  and  spoke  the 
Prologue,  is  the  only  one  who  afterwards  became 
conspicuous. 

The  Female  Fop,  or  the  False  one  fitted,  is  an  in- 
different C. — it  is  attributed  to  Sandford — Sir  Zeal- 
wou'd  Fainall,  the  father  of  Clarinda,  is  a  pretender 
to  sanctity  but  really  a  villain — he  designs  to  marry 
his  daughter  to  Timothy  Lecture,  but  at  the  con- 
clusion he  consents  to  her  marriage  with  Man  worth 
— Manilla  who  seems  to  give  the  2d  title  to  the  play, 
promises  to  marry  Trueman,  but  afterwards  marries 
Sir  Levity  Modish  —Sir  Levity  is  taken  up  on  sus- 
picion of  being  concerned  in  a  robbery — Manilia  con- 
siders herself  as  ruined—  —Sir  Levity  turns  out  to  be 
Trueman's  sister — Trueman  and  Manilia  are  recon- 
ciled— this  play  was  acted  3  times. 


160  D.  L.  1724-1725. 


D.  L.   1724-1725. 

Sep.  12.  Hamlet 15.  Love  for  Love. 

17.  Old  Batchelor 22.  Spanish  Fryar. 

24.  King  Lear.     Gentleman  Usher  =  Cibher  Jim. 

26.  Othello 29.  Committee. 

Oct.  3.  Henry  4th  part  1st — 6.  Unhappy  Favourite. 

8.  Strategem 9«  Mourning  Bride. 

10.  Careless  Husband 13.  Theodosius. 

14.  Double  Gallant. 

16.  Not  acted  10  years,  Royal  Merchant.    Goswin 
=  Wilks  : — the  other  characters  are  omitted. 

17.  Orphan 19.  Rule  a  Wife. 

20.  Distressed  Mother 21 .  Wit  without  Money. 

24.  Sir  Courtly  Nice.  Crack  =  Miller :  Surly 
=  Harper :  Hothead  =  Williams  :  Leonora  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond:  Viol  an  te  =  Mrs.  Heron. 

26.  Scornful  Lady 27.  Macbeth. 

29.  Lancashire  Witches. 

Nov.  2.  Tender  Husband.      Humphry  Gubbin  — 
M  iller :  Sir  Harry  Gubbin  =  Harper. 

3.  Not  acted 4  years,  J2sop=Cibber : — rest  omitted. 

4.  Tamerlane. 

6.  Funeral.  Trim  =  Miller :  Puzzle  =  Shepherd  : 
Kate  Matchlock  =  Mr.  Harper. 

9.  Fatal  Marriage. 

10.  Amorous  Widow.     Merryman  =  Shepherd. 
12.  Cato 13.  Rover 14.  All  for  Love. 

16.  Chances.  Antonio  =  Shepherd  :  1st  Constan- 
tia  —  Mrs.  Porter. 

19.  Conscious  Lovers.     Phillis  =  Mrs.  Seale. 


D.  L.  1724-1725.  161 

18.  Rehearsal 20.  Recruiting  Officer. 

21.  Man  of  the  Mode.     Old  Bellair  =  Harper. 
24.  Caius  Mar i us. 

26.  Constant  Couple.     Sir  Harry  Wildair  (by  par- 
ticular desire)  =  Wilks  :    Beau   Clincher  —  Miller  : 
Wilks  acted  Sir  Harry  Dec.  16 — Feb.  5 — March  4 
for  Mrs.  Oldfield's  bt and  May  27. 

27.  Love's  last  Shift.     Snap  =  Gibber  Jun. 

Dec.  7«  Relapse.     Lory  —  Gibber  Jun. :    Young 
Fashion  —  Wilks  Jun. :  Miss  Hoyden  =  Mrs.  Tenoe. 

8.  Amphitryon. 

9.  Never  acted,    Caesar  in  ^Egypt.     Julius  Caesar 
=  Booth  :    Antony  =  Wilks  :  Achoreus  =  Gibber : 
Ptolemy  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Photinus  =  Mills :  Septimius 
=  Bridgewater :  Cleopatra  =  Mrs.  Oldfield  :  Cornelia 

=  Mrs.  Porter : — acted  6  times the  plan  of  this  T. 

is  chiefly  borrowed  from  the  False  One  (see  the  4th 
Vol.  of  Beaumont  and  Fletcher  1778) — that  part  of  it 
which  concerns  Cornelia  is  said   to  be  taken  from 
Corneille's  Pompey — in  reality,  Cornelia,  after  Porn- 
pey's  death,    was  conveyed  in  safety  to  Cyprus — in 
Gibber's  play,  Septimius  pursues  her,  and  brings  her 
back  to  Alexandria  as  a  prisoner — Caesar  treats  her 
with  kindness  and  respect  — she  in  return  reveals  to 
Caesar  a  conspiracy  formed  against  his  life — nothing 
can  be  more  out  of  character  and  romantic,  than  the 
scenes  between  Caesar  and  Cornelia — Fletcher's  play 
is  a  very  good  one — Gibber's  is  dull  and  uninteresting 
— Fletcher  has  represented  Caesar  as  he  really  was— 
Gibber  has  placed  him  in  too  favourable  a  light— 
Achoreus  in  the  False  One  has  every  appearance  of 
being  a  fictitious  character — Gibber  has  enlarged  the 
part,  but  not  improved  it — in  the  3d  act,   Achoreus 

VOL.  III.  M 


162  D.  L.   1724-1725. 

reads  Caesar  a  lecture  —  Caesar  hears  it  with  great 
patience  —  Gibber  in  the  1st  scene  makes  Ptolemy 
say  that  tho*  his  father  was  confirmed  'on  his  throne 
by  Pompey's  means,  yet  Pompey  was  not  a  greater 
friend^to  him  than  Caesar— 

"  Whose  thousand  Talents  from  his  private  store, 
"  Advanc'd,  gave  life,  and  sinews  to  our  cause." 

Ptolemy  Auletes  had  purchased  Caesar's  friendship 
with  a  large  bribe  —  Plutarch  says,  that  Caesar  remit- 
ted the  debt  to  Ptolemy's  children  in  part,  but  de- 
manded the  other  part  to  pay  his  army  —  Caesar  was 
over  head  and  ears  in  debt,  and  could  not  possibly 
advance  to  Ptolemy  1000  talents  from  his  private 
store  —  at  the  close  of  the  1st  act,  Cleopatra  reminds 
Ptolemy,  that  he  and  herself  had  attended  their  father 
to  Rome  — 

"  Your  age  was  unsusceptible  of  care, 

"  But  mine  (or  flattery  deeeivM  me  well) 

"  Bloom'd  in  full  beauty,  and  attracted  hearts  : 

"  Yet  of  my  conquests,  I  shall  boast  but  one  : 

"  Caesar  pretended  love  :  I  urg'd  him  to  a  proof  : 

"  He  gave  the  noblest  :  he  restor'd  our 


Here  we  have  another  gross  absurdity  —  it  is  by  no 
means  clear,  that  Cleopatra  accompanied  her  father 
to  Rome  —  if  she  did,  she  could  only  have  been  a  child 
—  Ptolemy  Auletes  reigned  about  4  years  after  his 
re-establishment,  and  Cleopatra  was  but  17  at  his 
death  —  Victor  says  that  he  was  very  merry  with  a 
party  in  the  pit  on  the  first  night  that  Csesar  in  ^Egypt 
was  performed—  they  laughed  at  Gibber's  quavering 
Tragedy  tones  in  Achoreus,  as  much  as  they  did  at 


D.L.  1724-1725.  163 

his  pasteboard  swans   which  the  carpenters  pulled 
along  the  Nile. 

Dec.  —  Love  makes  a  Man.  Don  Lewis  —  Miller  : 
Antonio  =  Shepherd. 

22.  Jane  Shore— 26.  Don  John— 29.  Henry  8th. 

31.  Silent  Woman.     Otter  =  Shepherd. 

Jan.  4.  Plain  Dealer.  Jerry  Blackacre  =  Gibber 
Jun. :  Fidelia  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

9.  Not  acted  10  years,   Virtue  Betrayed.     Henry 
8th  =  Booth :  Piercey  =  Wilks  :  Wolsey  =  Gibber  : 
Northumberland  =  Thurmond  :   Anna  Bullen  =  Mrs. 
Oldfield :  Lady  Elizabeth  Blunt  =  Mrs.  Horton  :— 
acted  8  times. 

16.  Venice  Preserved.     Antonio  is  omitted. 

20.  Squire  of  Alsatia.     Sir  W.  Belfond  =  Harper. 

27.  Way  of  the  World.  Sir  Wilful  Witwou'd  = 
Harper  :  Lady  Wishfort^Mrs.  Baker  : — see  Feb.  14 
1718. 

Feb.  1.  Not  acted  15  years,  Sophonisba.  Massi- 
nissa  —  Booth  :  Hannibal  =  Mills  :  Maherbal  =  Thur- 
mond :  Bomilcar  =  Bridge  water  :  Scipio  =  Williams : 
Massina  =  Mrs.  Booth :  Rosalinda  =  Mrs.  Thurmond : 
Sophonisba  =  Mrs.  Porter :  —acted  twice. 

6.  Richard  the  3d. 

April  5.  Mrs.  Horton  acted  Phillis  for  her  bt.— 
Davies  says — "  Upon  Mrs.  Younger's  quitting  D.  L. 
"  she  was  called  upon  to  act  Phillis — Mrs.  Younger 
"  had  acted  the  part  originally,  and  so  much  to  the 
"  satisfaction  of  the   public,   that  Mrs.  Horton  met 
"  with  unhandsome  treatment  from  the  audience— 
"  she  bore  this  with  patience  for  some  time,  at  last 
"  she  advanced  to  the  front  of  the  stage,  and  said  to 
"  the  persons  in  the  Pit,  who  were  hissing,  «  Gentlo- 

M    2 


164  L.  i.  F    1724-1725. 

"  men  what  do  you  mean  ?  what  displeases  you  ?  my 

"  acting  or  my  person  ?' this  proper  display  of 

"  spirit  recovered  the  spectators  to  good  humour,  and 
"  they  cried  out  with  one  voice  — '  No,  no,  Mrs. 
"  Horton  we  are  not  displeased,  go  on,  go  on.' ' 

As  Mrs.  Scale  acted  Phillis  on  Nov.  19th,  Mrs. 
Horton  seems  rather  to  have  selected  the  part  of 
Phillis  for  her  benefit,  than  to  have  been  called  on  by 
the  managers  to  play  it. 

April  21.  Harper's  bt. — not  acted  4  years,  Love  for 
Money.  Old  Meriton  =  Boman :  Ned  Brag  =  Bridge- 
water:  Betty  Jiltall  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Mirtilla  =  Mrs. 
Heron :  Miss  Molly  =  Miss  Lindar  :  Lady  Addleplot 
=  Mr.  Harper  :— see  July  11  1718. 

22.  Oronooko.     Daniel  =•  Gibber  Jun. 

30.  Mrs.  Baker's  bt.  What  d'ye  call  it  ?  Sir  Hum- 
phry =  Shepherd  :  Jonas  Dock  =  Gibber  Jun.  :  Kitty 
=  Mrs.  Tenoe  : — for  the  other  characters  see  Feb.  23 
1715. 

May  1.  Bridgewater  acted  Axalla  for  his  half 
benefit. 

11.  Timon  of  Athens.     Poet  =  Gibber  Jun. 

24.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Willis,  Widow  Bo  wen,  and 
Widow  Leigh — Tempest. 

June  18.  Julius  Caesar — last  play. 

No  Summer  bills.     (Bills  from  B.  M.} 


L.  I.  F.  1724-1725. 

Sep.  23.  (Edipus.     Jocasta  =  Mrs.  Parker:  Eury- 
dice  =  Mrs.  Bullock  : — she   was  not  engaged  the  last 


L.  i.  F.  1724-1725.  10^ 

season  ;  this  was  probably  owing  to  her  husband's 
illness,  who  is  said  not  to  have  died  till  1724. 

28.  Macbeth.     Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

Oct.  2.  Busy  Body — 5.  Love  makes  a  Man. 

6.  Royal  Merchant.  Ginkes  =  Hippisley  :  Ger- 
trude =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

12.  London  Cuckolds.  Lady  No  (Arabella)  —  Mrs. 
Bullock  :  Engine  —  Mrs.  Egleton. 

14.  Not  acted  10  years,  False  Friend.  Don  John 
=  Quin:  Don  Pedro  =  Ryan:  Don  Guzman  =  Wal- 
ker :  Don  Felix  =  Boheme  :  Lopez  =  Egleton :  Ga- 
lindo  —  Hippisley  :  Leonora  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Jacinta 
=  Mrs.  Egleton  :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Moffet :  —  acted  4> 
times. 

22.  Richard  the  3d.     Lady  Anne  =  Mrs.  Bullock . 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Parker. 

23.  Amorous  Widow.     Barnaby  Brittle  =  Hippis- 
ley :    Lovemore  =  Walker  :    Cunningham  =  Diggs  : 
Merryman  —  Spiller :  Sir  Peter  Pride  =  Hall :    Mrs. 
Brittle  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :     Lady  Laycock   =   Mrs. 
Egleton  :  Philadelphia  =  Mrs.  Purden  :  Prudence  = 
Mrs.  Morgan  : — rest  omitted. 

27.  Squire  of  Alsatia. 

30.  Fair  Quaker 31.  King  Lear. 

Nov.  3.  Soldier's  Fortune.  Lady  Dunce  =  Mrs. 
Vincent. 

4.  Tamerlane 6.  Pilgrim. 

7-  Henry  4th 12.  Mariamne. 

10.  Emperour  of  the  Moon  and  Country  House. 

13.  Cheats  of  Scapin.  Scapin  =  Hippisley :  Shift 
=  Spiller :  Thrifty  =  Bullock  :  Gripe  =  Hall :  Octa- 
vian  =  Walker  :    Lcander  =  Diggs :    Lucia  =  Mrs. 


166  L.  i.  F.    1724-1725. 

Brett :  Clara  =  Mrs.  Vincent : with  Cobler  of 

Preston. 

14.  Measure  for  Measure. 

18.  Merry  Wives.  Slender  — Egleton  :  Mrs.  Ford 
=  Mrs.  Moffet :  Mrs.  Page  =  Mrs.  Parker. 

24.  Belisarius.     Almira=  Mrs.  Bullock. 

25.  Love  and  a  Bottle.  Roebuck  =  Walker  :  Love- 
well  =  Ryan:  Mockmode  rr  Egleton :  Lyrick  =  Hippis- 
ley :  Club  =  Bullock  :  Pampblet  =  Morgan  :  Leanthe 
=  Mrs.  Vincent :  Lucinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock:    Trudge 
=  Mrs.  Egleton  :  Pindress  =  Mrs.  Morgan. 

27.  Drummer. 

28.  Not  acted  7  years,  Prophetess— acted  26  times 
successively,  and  4  times  afterwards. 

Jan.  4.  For  bt.  of  Dennis.  Old  Batchelor.  Sir 
Joseph  Wittol  =  W.  Bullock  :  Lsetitia  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

5.  Double  Dealer 7«  Rival  Queens. 

11.  Never  acted,  Every  Man  in  his  Humour,  re- 
vived with  alterations.  Kitely  =  Hippisley :  Capt. 
Bobadil  =  Hall :  Brainworm  =  Spiller :  Stephen  =  W. 
Bullock :  Knowell  Sen.  =  Quin  :  Knowell  Jun.  = 
Ryan  :  Wellbred  =  Walker  :  Justice  Clement  =  Bul- 
lock :  Marwit  =  Egleton  :  Downright  =  Hulett :  Mrs. 
Kitely  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Clara = Mrs.  Moffet:  Lucinda 
=Mrs.  Butcher: — acted  3  times — what  the  alterations 
made  at  this  time  were,  it  is  impossible  to  say,  as 
the  play  seems  never  to  have  been  printed  in  its 
altered  state — either  Hippisley  was  totally  out  of  his 
element,  or  the  part  of  Kitely  was  spoilt  so  as  to 
make  it  suit  the  talents  of  the  actor — the  latter  is 
perhaps  the  more  probable  supposition — when  Den- 
nis altered  the  Merry  Wives  of  Windsor,  he  mate- 
rially injured  the  character  of  Ford — it  seems  that 


L.  i.  F.  1724-1725.  167 

even  an  imaginary  Cuckold  was  to  be  made  ridi- 
culous. 

14.  Island  Princess 18.  Woman's  Revenge. 

20.  For  bt.  of  the  Author.     Roman  Maid — see 
Aug.  11    1724. 

21.  Rich  brought  out  another  of  his  grand  Panto- 
mimes— from  this  time  to  Feb.  27  the  names  of  the 
plays  only  were  advertised ;  the  remainder  of  the  bill 
was  appropriated  to  Harlequin  a  Sorcerer — see  C.  G. 
Feb.  11    1752. 

25.  Recruiting  Officer- 26.  Oronooko. 

Feb.  6.   Love's  last  Shift — 9-  Unhappy  Favourite. 

27.  Never  acted,  the  Bath  Unmasked.  Sprightly 
=  Ryan :  Count  Fripon  =  Walker :  Lord  Wiseman  = 
Boheme  :  Sir  Captious  Whiffle  =  Hippisley  :  Pander 
=  Egleton  :  Sharper  =  Diggs  :  Taylor  =  Hall :  Li- 
beria and  Honoria  (daughters  to  Lady  Ambs-ace)  = 
Mrs.  Bullock  and  Mrs.  Vincent :  Cleora  =  Mrs. 
Parker :  Lady  Ambs-ace  =  Mrs.  Egleton :  Miss 
Whiffle  =  Mrs.  Legar  :  Fripon's  Wife  =  Mrs.  Plomer: 
— acted  about  7  times — Lord  Wiseman  is  in  love 
with  Liberia — she  prefers  Count  Fripon — Lord  Wise- 
man is  so  disgusted  with  Liberia's  conduct,  that  he 
transfers  his  affections  to  Honoria  who  had  always 
had  his  esteem — Lady  Ambs-ace's  passion  is  gaming 
—she  encourages  the  match  between  the  Count  and 
her  daughter  upon  the  promise  of  receiving  from  the 
Count  £5000,  which  is  the  fourth  part  of  Liberia's 
fortune — Liberia  and  the  Count  are  married — he 
turns  out  to  be  a  cheat — the  marriage  is  set  aside 
as  he  was  previously  married — Pander  runs  off  with 
Miss  Whiffle — Sir  Captious  recovers  his  daughter 
before  it  is  too  late — Sprightly  marries  Cleora — this 


168  L.I.  F.  1724-1725. 

is  an  indifferent  C.  by  Odingsells — he  meant  by  the 
title  to  imply  that  he  had  described  the  humours  of 
Bath. 

March  29.  Walker's  bt.     Massaniello. 

31.  Mrs.  Bullock's  bt.  Strategem.  Mrs.  Sullen 
=  Mrs.  Bullock:  Cherry  =  Mrs.  Legar: — Mrs.  Legar 
was  perhaps  the  actress  who  came  out  as  Mrs.  Rogeir. 

April  5.  Ryan's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  Rover. 
Willmore  =  Ryan :  Ned  Blunt  —  Spiller :  Belville  = 
Quin:  Frederick  =  Walker  :  Don  Pedro  =  Boheme  : 
Don  Antonio  =  Egleton  :  Sancho  —  Hippisley :  Hel- 
lena  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Angellica  —  Mrs.  Parker :  Flo- 
rinda  =  Mrs.  Legar  :  Valeria  =  Mrs.  Butcher  :  Mo- 
retta  =  Mrs.  Egleton. 

7.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs,  Egleton — not  acted  6 
years,  Sauny  the  Scot. 

26.  Committee.     Day  =  Hippisley  :    Mrs.  Day  = 
Mrs.  Egleton. 

28.  Hamlet. 

May  1.  Richard  the  3d.     1st  Murderer  =  Spiller. 

18.  Sauny  the  Scot.  Sauny  —  Bullock  :  Petruchio 
=  Ogden  :  Woodall  =  Hippisley  :  Snatchpenny  — 
Spiller  :  Tranio  =  Walker  :  Lord  Beaufoy  =  Hulett : 
Margaret  the  Shrew  =  Mrs.  Egleton. 

21.  Massaniello.  Cardinal  =  Boheme  :  Viceroy  = 
Ogden  :  Comic  characters  =  Bullock,  Spiller,  Egle- 
ton, Hippisley,  &c. 

24.  For  bt.  of  Keen's  widow  and  two  others. 
Love  and  a  Bottle. 

27.  Bath  Unmasked — last  play. 

No  Summer  bills.    (Bills  from  B.  M.) 


D.  L.   1725-1726.  169 


D.  L.  r/25-1726. 

Sep.  4.     Othello 7.  Old  Batchelor. 

9.  Love'for  Love 11.  Hamlet. 

14.  Committee 16.  Oronooko. 

18.  Henry  4th 23.  Spanish  Fryar. 

25.  Relapse,  f  Young  Fashion  =  Gibber  Jun. : 
Lory = Harper :  Syringe  =  Norris. 

28.  Love  makes  a  Man. 

30.  Julius  Caesar.  Calphurnia  =  Mrs.  Horton  : 
Portia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

Oct.  2.   Not  acted  3  years,  Country  Wife. 

7.  Double  Gallant.  Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Gibber : — this 
actress  was  Theophilus  Gibber's  first  wife  ;  not  the 
famous  Mrs.  Gibber. 

9.  Constant  Couple.     Sir  Harry  Wildair  =  Wilks. 

12.  Rule  a  Wife 14.  Amphitryon. 

16.  Orphan.     Serena  =  Mrs.  Gibber. 

18.  Strategem — 19-  Mourning  Bride — 20.  Rover. 

Ql.  Not  actedj|12  years,  Heroick  Love.  Aga- 
memnon =  Booth :  Achilles  =  Mills  :  Nestor  =  Cory  : 
Ulysses  =  Thurmond :  Patroclus  =  W.  Mills :  Chryses 
=  Williams  :  Chalcas  =  Roberts  :  Chruseis  =  Mrs . 
Porter  :  Briseis  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  : — this  T.  seems 
to  have  been  acted  but  once. 

22.  Wit  without  Money. 

23.  Amorous  Widow.     Barnaby  Brittle  =  Gibber : 
Merryman  =  Harper/.    Clodpole  =  Miller  :  Philadel- 
phia =  Mrs.  Gibber. 

25.  Scornful  Lady.  Younger  Loveless  =  W.  Mills  : 
Captain  =  Harper :  Poet  -  Norris. 


170  D.  L.  1725-1726. 

26.  Distressed  Mother  with  Hob  =  Miller. 

27.  Plain  Dealer 28.  Tender  Husband. 

29.  Don  John 30.  Tempest. 

Nov.  1.  Theodosius.     Leontine  —  Thurmond. 

3.  Squire  of  Alsatia.    Belfond  Jun.  =  Bridgewater. 

4.  Tamerlane 6.  Careless  Husband. 

8.  Silent  Woman  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

9.  Rehearsal 10.  Venice  Preserved. 

12.  Fair  Penitent  revived.  Lothario  =  Booth  : 
Horatio  =  Mills  :  Sciolto  =  Williams  :  Altamont  = 
Wilks  :  Calista  =  Mrs.  Oldfield  :  Lavinia  =  Mrs. 
Horton  : — acted  6  times. 

17.  Country  Wife  =  Mrs.  Gibber. 

18.  Unhappy  Favourite 20.  All  for  Love. 

22.  Love's  last  Shift 23.  Fatal  Marriage. 

27.  Way  of  the  World. 

29.  Not  acted  20  years,  Twin  Rivals.  Elder 
Wou'dbe  =  Wilks  :  Younger  Wou'dbe= Bridge  water: 
Trueman  =  Gibber :  Richmore  =  W.  Mills:  Subtle- 
man  =  Griffin :  Alderman  =  Johnson  :  Balderdash  = 
Shepherd :  Teague  =  Miller  :  Aurelia  =  Mrs.  Oldfield: 
Constance  —  Mrs.  Porter :  Mrs.  Midnight  =  Mr. 
Harper : — acted  7  times — Cibber  originally  acted 
Younger  Wou'dbe,  he  seems  now  to  have  preferred 
the  other  character — Mandrake  was  now  for  the  1st 
time  called  Mrs.  Midnight. 

Dec.  9.  Chances. 

18.  Maid's  Tragedy.  Amintor  =  Wilks  :  Melan- 
tius  =  Booth :  King  =  Mills  :  Calianax  =  Griffin  : 
Evadne  =  Mrs.  Porter  :  Aspatia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

22.  King  Lear 28.  Virtue  Betrayed. 

Jan.  3.  Conscious  Lovers.     Phillis^  Mrs.  Horton. 

5.  Volpone. 


D.  L.   1726-1726.  171 

11.  Never  acted  there — revised  by  the  author- 
Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  —  Gibber :  Constant 
=  Wilks  :  Heartfree  =  Booth  :  Razor  =  Miller  :  Lord 
Rake  =  Bridgewater  :  Col.  Bully  =.  Harper  :  Justice 
=  Shepherd :  Taylor  =  Griffin  :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs. 
Cibber :  Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Oldfield :  Belinda  =  Mrs. 
Booth:  Mademoiselle  =  Mrs.  Brett : — acted  11  times 

Cibber  says—  "  in  1725  we  were  called  upon  in 

"  a  manner  that  could  not  be  resisted  to  revive  the 
"  Provoked  Wife — the  author  was  prevailed  upon  to 
"  substitute  a  new-written  scene  in  the  place  of  one 
"  in  the  4th  act " — there  is  strong  reason  to  suppose 
that  this  is  another  proof  of  Gibber's  inaccuracy  as 
to  dates — it  is  certain  that  the  Provoked  Wife  was 
revived  with  alterations  Jan.  19  1?06,  when  Van- 
burgh  had  the  direction  of  the  Hay — and  there  is  no 
ground  for  supposing  that  he  altered  his  play  a  second 
time—  —In  the  play  as  originally  written,  the  Taylor 
enters  with  a  bundle. 

Lord  Rake.  Let  me  see  what's  in  that  bundle. 

Taylor.  An't  please  you,  it  is  the  Doctor  of  the 
Parish's  Gown. 

Lord  Rake.  The  Doctor's  Gown ! — Hark  you, 
Knight,  you  won't  stick  at  abusing  the  Clergy,  will 
you? 

Sir  John.  No,  I'm  drunk  and  I'll  abuse  any  thing— 

Lord  Rake.  Then  you  shall  wear  this  gown,  whilst 
you  charge  the  Watch  ;  that  tho'  the  blows  fall  upon 
you,  the  scandal  may  light  upon  the  Church. 

Sir  John.    A  generous  design — by  all  the  Gods 
—give  it  me — (he  takes  the  gown  and  puts  it  on.} 

Lord  Rake.  He  looks  like  a  Bishop  going  to  the 
holy  war. 


172  D.  L.  1725-1726. 

Enter  Constable  and  Watch. 

Cons.  Methinks,  Sir,  a  man  of  your  coat  might  se 
a  better  example. 

Sir  John.  Sirrah,  I'll  make  you  know — there  are 
men  of  my  coat  can  set  as  bad  examples — as  you  can 
do,  you  Dog  you. 

Watch.  I'll  warrant  he  has  been  murdering  some 
body  to-night. 

Sir  John.  Sirrah,  there's  nothing  got  by  murder 
but  a  halter  :  my  talent  lies  towards  drunkenness  and 
Simony. 

Sir  John  is  then  carried  before  the  Justice  dressed 
as  he  is. 

Collier  had  made  such  tragical  outcries  against 
Vanburgh  for  his  abuse  of  the  Clergy,  that  when 
Vanburgh  revived  his  play  at  the  Hay.  he  was  forced 
to  strip  Sir  John  Brute  of  his  gown,  and  put  him 
into  woman's  clothes — No  respectable  Clergyman 
however  need  take  offence  at  Parson  Hiccup — the 
original  scenes  are  to  be  met  with  in  the  early  editions 
of  the  Provoked  Wife  and  in  Vanburgh's  Works — as 
much  of  them  is  retained  in  the  present  scenes  as 
could  be — but  the  happiest  witticism  in  the  whole 
play,  or  rather  in  the  whole  of  Vanburgh's  writings, 
is  unavoidably  lost. 

Jan.  22.  Lady's  last  Stake.  Miss  Notable  =  Mrs. 
Cibber. 

Feb.  2.  Never  acted,  Hecuba.  Polymnestor  = 
Booth :  Agamemnon  =  Mills :  Ulysses  —  Bridgewater: 
Talthybius  =  Roberts :  Hecuba  =  Mrs.  Porter  :  Polyx- 
ena  (her  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Cibber :  Iphis  (her  attend- 
ant) =  Mrs.  Brett : — acted  3  times — this  T.  is  attri- 
buted to  West,  who  was  afterwards  Lord  Chancellor 


D.  L.    1725-1726.  173 

of  Ireland — it  is  a  free  translation  from  the  Greek 

play  of  the  same  name Euripides  opens  his  plot 

very  badly — the  Ghost  of  Polydorus  tells  the  audi- 
ence that  he  is  Polydorus,  the  son  of  Priam  and 
Hecuba — that  he  was  consigned  to  the  care  of  Polym- 
nestor  the  King  of  Thrace  —and  that  Polymnestor 
had  killed  him,  for  the  sake  of  appropriating  to  him- 
self the  gold  which  had  been  sent  with  him — the  play  is 
supposed  to  take  place  after  the  destruction  of  Troy, 
and  before  the  return  of  the  Greeks  to  their  homes — 
the  Greeks  determine  to  sacrifice  Polyxena  at  the 
tomb  of  Achilles — Hecuba,  on  hearing  this,  calls 
forth  Polyxena,  and  laments  over  her — Polyxena  sub- 
mits to  her  fate  with  great  resolution — Ulysses  car- 
ries of  Polyxena — she  is  sacrificed — Hecuba  sends  an 
attendant  to  fetch  water  to  wash  the  dead  body — the 
attendant  finds  the  corpse  of  Polydorus — Hecuba 
concludes  that  he  has  been  murdered  by  Polymnestor 
— with  the  permission  of  Agamemnon,  she  sends  a 
message  to  Polymnestor,  in  which  she  particularly 
requests  him  to  come  to  her — he  comes,  and  brings 
his  two  children  with  him — Hecuba  entices  Polym- 
nestor into  her  tent — the  Trojan  women  kill  the 
children,  and  put  out  the  eyes  of  Polymnestor — Po- 
lymnestor imprecates  curses  on  Hecuba — the  Greek 
play  is  a  very  good  one,  particularly  in  point  of  lan- 
guage— the  chief  alteration  which  West  has  made  is, 
that  in  the  first  scene  Polymnestor  and  his  two  con- 
federates relate  the  murder  of  Polydorus — the  3d 
act  is  perhaps  the  shortest  in  any  regular  play— this 
T.  would  probably  act  dully,  but  it  is  worth  reading, 
as  many  parts  are  very  well  written ;  but  one  is  sorry 
to  meet  with  some  improper  expressions  in  the  dia- 


174  D.  L.   1725-1726. 

logue ;  one  of  the  Thracians  speaks  of  Leviathan  and 
Behemoth — Ulysses  calls  Hecuba  Madam — this  play 
was  unsuccessful,  one  reason  of  which  was,  that  "  it 
"  was  not  heard — a  rout  of  Vandals  in  the  Galleries 
"  intimidated  the  young  actresses,  disturbed  the 
"  audience  and  prevented  all  attention." 

4.  JEsop 7-  Cato.     Marcus  =  Bridge  water. 

March  17.  Mrs.  Thurmond's  bt.  She  wou'd  and 
She  wou'd  not. 

April  15.  For  bt.  of  Gibber  Jun.  and  Mrs.  Gibber. 
Man  of  the  Mode.  Old  Bellair  =  Harper :  Young 
Bellair  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Booth  :  Be- 
linda =  Mrs.  Gibber:  Emilia  =  Mrs.  Butler:  Pert  = 
Mrs.  Tenoe  : — rest  as  usual. 

23.  Bridge  water  acted  Aim  well  for  his  bt. 

May  7.  For  bt.  of  Hallam  — Robt.  Williams  —  and 
Miss  Tynte.  Henry  4th.  Hotspur  =  Booth  :  Prince 
of  Wales  =  Giffard  from  Dublin,  being  his  1st  appear- 
ance  on  this  stage: — Booth's  Hotspur  was  one  of  the 
most  perfect  exhibitions  of  the  stage  ;  he  was  piqued 
on  this  occasion  at  Giffard's  appearance,  and  exerted 
himself  in  a  particular  manner  ;  he  played  the  whole 
part  with  such  fire  and  energy  of  spirit,  as  roused  his 
auditors  to  an  extravagance  of  applause,  and  made 
Giffard  confess,  notwithstanding  his  prepossession  in 
favour  of  Elrington,  that  Booth  in  power,  spirit,  and 
judgment  went  far  beyond  him  in  that  part Gif- 
fard afterwards  acknowledged  to  Theo.  Gibber,  that 
this  was  the  case  in  every  other  character  that  Booth 
acted.  (Theo.  Gibber.) 

Davies  relates  this  story  somewhat  differently  ;  he 
says  that  Booth,  who  entertained  too  great  contempt 
for  Wilks  in  Tragedy,  and  of  course  still  more  des- 


L.  i.  F.  1725-1726.  175 

pised  Giffard,  who  imitated  Wilks,  declared  without 
any  ceremony  that  he  would  that  night  "  let  off  an 
"  Irish  actor" — Lacy,  Victor  and  others  who  were 
present  told  Davies  they  never  saw  a  more  animated 
performance. 

19.  For  bt.  of  Giffard  and  Pinkethman's  Widow. 
Recruiting  Officer.  Brazen  =  Giffard,  his  2d  appear- 
ance. 

23.  Timon.     Evandra  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

25.  Sir  Courtly  Nice — last  play. 

No  Summer  bills.     (Bills  from  B.  M. ) 


L.  I.  F.    1725-1726. 

Sep.  24.  King  Lear.    Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Parker. 

Oct.  1.  Royal  Merchant.     Higgen  =  Hippisley. 

4.  Never  acted  there,  Country  Wife.  Homer  =r 
Ryan  :  Pinchwife  =  Quin  :  Sir  Jasper  Fidget  —  Hip- 
pisley  :  Sparkish  —  Egleton  :  Harcourt  =  Walker  : 
Dorilarit  =  Diggs  :  Quack  =  Hall :  Country  Wife  = 
Mrs,  Younger,  being  her  first  appearance  on  that 
stage  :  Lady  Fidget  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Alithea  =  Mrs. 
Parker  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Morgan  :  Mrs.  Dainty  Fidget 
=  Mrs.  Ward  :  Mrs.  Squeamish  =  Mrs.  Butcher  :— 
acted  8  times. 


176  L.  i.  F.   1725-1726. 

«K~rv.-v-  -~> 
"*•"•-'  '""•'     -.-» 

13.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  =  Ryan  :  Brazen 
=:  Egleton:  Balance  =  Quin :  Worthy  =  Walker :  1st 
Recruit  =  Spiller :  Welch  Collier  =  Hippisley :  Sylvia 
=  Mrs.  Younger  :  Melinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Rose  = 
Mrs.  Laguerre  : — rest  omitted. 

15.  Rival  Queens.     Roxana  —  Mrs.  Parker. 

16.  Henry  4th 19.  Busy  Body. 

22.  Woman's  Revenge  and  Country  House. 

23.  Love's   last   Shift.      Sir  Novelty    Fashion  = 
Egleton :    Loveless  =  Ryan  :    Sir  W.  Wisewou'd  = 
Hippisley :    Younger  Worthy  =  Walker :    Snap  = 
Spiller:  Amanda  —  Mrs.  Parker:    Narcissa  =  Mrs. 
Bullock  :  Flareit  =  Mrs.  Egleton. 

25.  Oronooko.     Oronooko  —  Boheme  :  Aboan  = 
Quin  :  Daniel  =  Spiller :  Imoinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock  : 
Chariot  Welldon  —  Mrs.  Younger  :  Widow  Lackit  = 
Mrs.  Martin  from  Dublin. 

26.  Bath  Unmasked 27.  Drummer. 

28.  Hamlet.     Queen  =  Mrs.  Parker  :    Ophelia  = 
Mrs.  Vincent. 

30.  Never  acted  there,  Henry  8th. 
Nov.  2.  Double  Dealer.     Lady  Touchwood  =  Mrs. 
Parker. 

4.  Tamerlane 6.  London  Cuckolds. 

8.  Soldier's  Fortune 9.  Richard  3d. 

10.  Amorous  Widow. 

11.  Rover.     Hellena  =  Mrs.  Younger  :  Angellica 
r=Mrs.  Bullock  :  Florinda  =  Mrs.  Parker. 

13.  Never  acted  there,  ^Esop — acted  4  times. 

17.  Unhappy  Favourite 18.  Spanish  Fryar. 

20.  Prophetess 24.  Cheats  of  Scapin. 

29.  Squire  of  Alsatia.     Sir  W.  Belfond  =  Spiller : 
Elder  =  Belfond  =  Bullock  :    Younger  Belfond  = 


L.  i.  F.  1725-1726.  177 

Walker :  Sir  Edward  Belfond  =  Quin  :  Mrs.  Terma- 
gant =  Mrs.  Egleton  :  Teresia  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

30.  Island  Princess.     Quisara  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

Dec.  2.  Macbeth.  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Parker: 
Lady  Macduff=Mrs.  Bullock  :— see  Sep.  30  1723. 

4.  Committee. 

6.  Othello.     Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

7.  iEsop.     ^Esop  =  Quiri :  Learchus  =  Hippisley  : 
Oronces  =  Walker  :   Sir  Polydorus  Hogstye  —  Diggs  : 
Roger  =  Bullock  :  Quaint  =  Spiller  :  Doris  —  Mrs. 
Egleton  :    Hortensia  =  Mrs.  Parker :  Euphronia  = 
Mrs.  Younger. 

8.  Never  acted,   Capricious  Lovers.      Galliard  := 
Ryan:  Beaumine  =  Walker :  Col. Mock-youth  —  Hip- 
pisley :    Squire    Pert  =  Egleton  :    Sir  John  Cuddy 
(an  effeminate  fop)  =  Bullock  Jun. :  Trusty  (servant 
to  Galliard)  =  Spiller :  Roger  (servant  to  the  Colonel) 
=  Bullock  :  Graciana  =  Mrs.  Younger :  Flora  =  Mrs. 
Moffet :    Mrs.  Mince-mode  =  Mrs.   Bullock :    Mrs. 
Fading  =  Mrs.   Parker :    Frizle   (servant   to    Mrs. 
Mi  nee-mode)  =  Mrs.  Egleton  : — acted  3  times — Gal- 
liard and  Beaumine  fall  in  love  with  Graciana  and 
Flora — the  ladies  fall  in  love  with  them — Col.  Mock- 
youth  is  guardian  to  Graciana  and  Flora — he  intends 
to  marry  Graciana  to  Sir  John  Cuddy,  and  to  keep 
Flora  to  himself — the  Col.  is  twice  frightened  by  the 
Ghost  of  a  lawyer  who  had  forged  a  will  in  his  favour 
— Frizle  acts  the  Ghost  the  first  time,  and  Trusty 
the  second — two  marriages  in  masks  take  place  — 
Mrs.  Fading  marries  Graciana  who  is  in  boy's  clothes 

—Mrs.  Mince-mode  marries  Frizle — each  of  them 
supposes  she  has  married  Galliard— at  the  conclusion 
Galliard  and  Beaumine  are  united  to  Graciana  and 

VOL.  III.  N 


178  L.  i.  F.  1725-1726. 

Flora — this  is  a  poor  C.  by  Odingsells  ;  there  is  how- 
ever a  considerable  degree  of  humour  in  the  character 
of  Mrs.  Mince-mode,  who  (as  the  author  expresses 
it)  grows  sick  at  the  sight  of  a  man,  and  refines  upon 
the  significancy  of  phrases  till  she  resolves  common 
conversation  into  obscenity. 

15.  Julius  Caesar  =  Ryan  :  Plebeians  =  Bullock, 
Hippisley,  Spiller,  &c. :  Calphurnia  =  Mrs.  Harold: 
—rest  as  Oct.  18  1722. 

16.  Not  acted  7  years,  Confederacy.    Brass  =  Egle- 
ton  :  Dick  =  Walker  :  Moneytrap  —  Spiller :  Gripe  = 
Hippisley:  Clarissa  =  Mrs.  Parker:  Flippanta  =  Mrs. 
Younger :  Corinna  =  Mrs.  Rice  :  Araminta  =  Mrs. 
Moffet :  Mrs.  Amlet  =  Mrs.  Egleton  : — acted  9  times. 

Jan.  3.  Emperour  of  the  Moon. 
7«  Never  acted,  Female  Fortune-teller.  Sir  Charles 
Mirmont  =  Walker:  Ririgwood  =  Ryan  :  Spring  =. 
Quin  :  Apwigeon  =  Hippisley  :  Mrs.  Joiner  =  Mrs. 
Egleton  :  Mrs.  Apwigeon  —  Mrs.  Vincent :  Astrsea=: 
Mrs.  Parker  :  Scuttle  =  Mrs.  Younger  :  Clarinda  = 
Mrs.  Moffet :  Frances  =  Mrs.  Morgan  : — acted  7 
times — this  C.  is  stolen  from  Dame  Dobson — see 
T.  R.  1684 — all  the  names,  but  that  of  Frances,  are 
changed  for  the  sake  of  concealing  the  theft— Mrs. 
Joiner — Sir  Charles — Astrsea — Clarinda — Ringwood 

—Scuttle — Mr.  and  Mrs.  Apwigeon — are  nearly  the 
same  characters  as  Dame  Dobson — the  Colonel — 
the  Countess — Lady  Noble — Hartwell — Lady  Rich 
— Mr.  and  Mrs.  Jenkin — the  original  play  is  by  far 
the  better  of  the  two — several  of  Raveuscroft's  cha- 
racters are  omitted — the  scene  between  Quaere  and 
Spring  is  new — and  nearly  the  whole  of  the  5th  act 

—the  two  stage  tricks  are  omitted — instead  of  the 


L.  i.  F.  1725-1726.  179 

latter  of  them,  Ringwood  rises  through  a  trap  with 
his  shirt  bloody,  and  a  sword  in  his  hand — Ringwood 
is  said  to  have  fought  a  duel  with  Sir  Charles,  and  to 
have  been  severely  wounded — yet  in  the  4th  act  he 
accosts  Sir  Charles  in  a  friendly  manner,  and  assists 
him  in  detecting  Mrs.  Joiner — at  the  conclusion 
however  he  settles  £200  a  year  on  her — it  is  not  clear 
who  the  Mr.  Johnson  was  that  wrote  this  C. 

19-  Measure  for  Measure. 

Feb.  5.  False  Friend 11.  Fair  Quaker. 

19.  Never  acted,  Money  the  Mistress.  Lieutenant 
Colonel  Mourville  =  Ryan :  Davila  (a  commissary)  = 
Hippisley :  Col.  Warcourt  =  Quin:  Don  Manuel  (a 
Spanish  captain)  =  Boheme  :  Marsan  (a  French  cap- 
tain) =  Walker  :  Wingrave  (an  English  captain)  = 
Milward  :  Governour  of  Tangier  =  Diggs  :  Moluza 
(a  Moor)  =  Hall :  Mariana  (daughter  to  Davila)  = 
Mrs.  Younger  :  Harriet  (his  niece)  =  Mrs.  Bullock  : 
Diana  (wife  to  Marsan)  =  Mrs.  Moffet :  Teresa  (wife 
to  Don  Manuel)  =  Mrs.  Martin  : — acted  3  times  — 
the  scene  lies  at  Tangier,  and  the  Moorish  camp 
before  the  town — Mourville  is  an  agreeable  French- 
man, and  a  man  of  courage— he  is  in  love  with  Ma- 
riana, not  however  without  some  view  to  her  fortune 
— Mariana  is  in  love  with  him — the  Governour  sends 
Mourville  to  make  a  sally  on  the  enemy — he  is  taken 
prisoner — as  he  had  exceeded  his  orders,  the  Gover- 
nour refuses  to  ransom  him — Warcourt  pays  his 
addresses  to  Mariana — Davila  commands  her  to 
accept  them — Warcourt  makes  Mariana  a  present  of 
some  handsome  jewels — she  thinks  it  not  right  to 
receive  them — they  are  left  in  Harriet's  hands — Da- 
vila is  sent  to  the  Moorish  camp  to  negotiate  an 

N  2 


180  L.  i.  F.  1725-1726. 

exchange  of  prisoners — Mariana  and  Harriet  disguise 
themselves — they  bribe  Davila  to  carry  them  with  him 
— Moluza,  whose  prisoner  Mourville  is,  on  finding 
that  he  is  not  to  be  redeemed,  agrees  to  set  Mourville 
at  liberty,  and  to  keep  Mariana  instead — Mourville 
and  Harriet  return  to  Tangier — Davila  is  much  dis- 
turbed on  being  told  that  his  daughter  is  a  prisoner 
— his  chagrin  is  increased  by  the  intelligence  that  two 
rich  ships  are  taken,  the  cargo  of  which  chiefly  be- 
longed to  him — Warcourt  ransoms  Mariana — Mour- 
ville believes  Davila  to  be  ruined,  and  is  prevailed  on 
by  Harriet  to  marry  her — Harriet  pawns  the  jewels — 
the  Jew  to  whom  she  pawns  them,  knows  them  to  be 
those  which  he  made  up  for  Warcourt — the  affair  is 
brought  under  the  cognizance  of  the  Governour— 
Harriet  owns  that  she  pawned  the  jewels,  and  that 
Mourville  is  her  husband — Mariana  faints — Mour- 
ville's  conduct  towards  Mariana  is  universally  repro- 
bated— the  ships,  which  had  been  taken,  prove  to  be 
the  property,  not  of  Davila,  but  of  Harriet's  father, 
who  is  ruined  by  the  loss  of  them— Mourville  makes 
his  exit  in  confusion  and  disappointment — the  Gover- 
nour and  Davila  recommend  Mariana  to  give  her 
hand  to  Warcourt — she  makes  no  objection,  but  re- 
quests that  the  matter  may  not  be  pressed  upon  her 
immediately — Warcourt,  whose  behaviour  through 
the  whole  play  has  been  highly  honourable,  readily 
consents — this  play  was  written  by  Southerne,  who 
was  at  this  time,  as  he  tells  us  in  the  dedication,  66 
years  old — it  is  a  tolerably  good  piece,  and  by  no 
means  a  proof  that  the  author's  faculties  were  im- 
paired by  age,  as  has  been  said Charles  the  2d 

came  into  possession  of  Tangier  in  1662,   as  a  part 


L.  i.  F.  1725-1726.  181 

of  his  wife's  fortune— he  laid  out  a  great  deal  of 
money  upon  it — but  in  1683  he  ordered  it  to  be  dis- 
mantled and  abandoned — in  Pepys*  memoirs  there  is 
much  said  about  Tangier — the  play  would  have  had 
a  better  chance  of  success,  if  it  had  been  brought  out 
during  the  time  that  Tangier  was  in  the  hands  of  the 
English — in  1726  the  majority  of  the  audience  pro- 
bably did  not  know  much  about  Tangier — Victor  tells 
us  that  he  was  behind  the  scenes  the  1st  night,  and 
was  very  sorry  to  find  that  the  audience  did  not  take 
the  age  and  great  merit  of  the  author  into  considera- 
tion and  quietly  dismiss  this  last  weak  effort  to  please 
them — when  they  were  hissing  dreadfully  in  the  5th 
act,  Rich,  who  was  standing  by  Southerne,  asked  him 
if  he  heard  what  the  audience  were  doing  ?  his  an- 
swer was  "  No,  Sir,  I  am  very  deaf." 

The  Prologue  was  written  by  Welsted  and  spoken 
by  Quin — after  alluding  to  Imoinda  and  Isabella,  it 
proceeds— 

"  Oh  !  then  protect  in  his  declining  years, 

"  The  man,  that  fill'd  your  mothers'  eyes  with 

"  tears ! 

"  The  last  of  Charles'  bards— 
"  Nor  let  the  wreath  from  his  grey  head  be  torn, 
"  For  half  a  century  with  honour  worn  ! 
"  In  him  the  poets'  Nestor  ye  defend, 
"  Great  Otway's  peer  and  greater  Dry  den's  friend." 

The  behaviour  of  the  audience  would  have  been 
shameful,  even  if  the  play  had  been  worse. 

March  19.  Quin's  bt.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John 
Brute  =  Quin  :  Constant  =  Walker :  Heartfree  = 
Ryan  :  Razor  =  Egleton :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs. 


182  L.  i.  F.  1725-1726. 

Younger  :    Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Parker  :  Belinda  =: 
Mrs.  Bullock  :  Mademoiselle  =  Mrs.  Legare. 

21.  Ryan's  bt.     Never  acted  there,  She  wou'd  if 
she  cou'd.     Sir  Oliver  Cockwood  =  Hippisley  :  Sir 
Joslin  Jolley  =  Bullock  :  Courtall  =  Ryan  :  Freeman 
=  Walker:  Rake-hell  =  Spiller  :   Lady  Cockwood  = 
Mrs.  Parker:  Gatty  =  Mrs.  Younger  :  Ariana  =  Mrs. 
Bullock  :  Sentry  =  Mrs.  Egleton  :— acted  4  times. 

24.  Mrs.  Bullock's  bt.     Mariamne  =  Mrs.  Parker. 
April  2.  Boheme's  bt.     Not  acted  3  years,  Abra- 

Mule. 

11.  Walker's  bt.  Sophonisba.  Hannibal  =  Bo- 
heme :  Massinissa  =  Walker  :  Scipio  =  Ryan :  Prince 
Massina  =  Mrs.  Younger  :  Rosalinda  =  Mrs.  Moffet : 
Sophonisba  =  Mrs.  Bullock  : — with  Walking  Statue. 
Sir  Timothy  Tough  =  Hippisley  :  Corporal  Outturn 
=  Spiller. 

14.  OEdipus.  Phorbas  =  Leigh  : — this  is  the  only 
part  to  which  his  name  has  appeared  of  late,  but  if 
the  bill  be  correct,  he  was  still  on  the  stage — he  died 
in  1726  in  his  37th  year — Chetwood  says  he  pro- 
mised well,  but  did  not  mend — after  Ryan  and  Wal- 
ker came  to  L.  I.  F.  he  was  rather  thrown  into  the 
back  ground. 

22.  Mrs.  Parker's  bt.     Henry  8th.    King  =  Quin: 
Wolsey  =  Boheme  :    Buckingham  =  Ryan  :    Crom- 
well =  Walker :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Parker :  Anne  Bullen 
=  Mrs.  Bullock. 

25.  Hippisley  acted  Polonius  for  his  bt. 

27.  Strategem.     Dorinda  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

28.  For  the  bt.  of  an  author  whose  play  is  deferred 
till  next  season — Merry  Wives  of  Windsor. 

May  3.  Pilgrim.     Alphonso  =  Hall :   Mad  Welch- 


L.I.  F.  1725-1726.  183 

manrzllippisley  :  Alinda  —  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Juletta  = 
Mrs.  Younger. 

9.  Abra-Mule  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

26.  Old  Batchelor.     Belinda  —  Mrs.  Younger. 

30.   Island  Princess — last  play. 


Summer. 

June  17.  Love's  Contrivance.    Octavio=:  Milward. 

24.  Not  acted  8  years,  Fond  Husband.  Bubble  = 
Bullock :  Fumble  =  Norris :  Rashley  —  Mil  ward  :— 
acted  5  times. 

July  5.  Not  acted  t>  years,  Tunbridge  Walks.  Rey- 
nard =  Milward  :  Loveworth  =  Chapman  :  Belinda  = 
Mrs.  Grace  from  Dublin  : — acted  4  times. 

15.  Not  acted  12  years,  Man's  the  Master.  Don 
John  =  Milward :  Sancho  =  Bullock :  Lucilla  =  Miss 
Fen  ton,  1st  appearance: — acted  twice. 

22.  Never  acted  there,  Epsom  Wells.  Bevil  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Woodly  =  Chapman  :  Bisket  =  Bullock : — 
acted  twice. 

Aug.  2.  Not  acted  8  years,  Gamester.  Love  well 
=  Milward  :  Count  Cogdie  =  Chapman  : — acted  4 
times. 

12.  Not  acted  12  years,  Spanish  Wives.  Go- 
vernor =  Bullock :  Marquis  =  Chapman  :  Camillus  = 
Milward: — acted  twice. 

19.  Not  acted  16  years,  Wits — revived  with  altera- 
tions. Elder  Pallatine  =  Ogden :  Younger  Pallatine 
=  Milward:  Sir  Morglay  Thwack  =  Morgan  :  Sir 
Tyrant  Thrift  =  Norris:  Pert  =  W.  Bullock:  Engine 
'=  Chapman:  Lady  Ample  =  Mrs.  Vincent:  Lucy 


184  D.  L.  1726-1727. 

=  Mrs.  Grace :  Mrs.  Queasy  =  Mrs.  Martin  : — last 
play  but  one. 

22.  Fond  Husband — last  play.  (Bills  from  B.  M.) 
Norris,  who  played  Fumble  this  Summer  and 
whose  name  had  occurred  before  to  small  parts, 
was  probably  son  tp  Norris  of  D.  L. — both  of  Norris' 
sons  were  on  the  stage,  but  neither  of  them  resem- 
bled his  father,  except  in  stature.  (Chetwood.) 

Egleton  seems  not  to  have  acted  after  this  season 
— see  his  bt.  March  31  1722 — he  at  first  played  small 
parts  in  Tragedy,  but  at  Christ.  Bullock's  death  he 
succeeded  to  most  of  his  parts  in  light  Comedy,  and 
by  his  own  death  he  made  room  for  Chapman  in  the 
same  line. 


D.  L.  1726-1727. 

Sep.  3.  Othello.  Othello  =  Booth :  lago  =  Cib. 
ber  :  Cassio  =  Williams  :  Brabantio  =  Thurmond  : 
Roderigo  =  Miller  :  Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  : 
JEmilia  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

6.  Rover 8.  Fair  Penitent. 

10.  Old  Batchelor.     Belinda  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

13.  Oronooko.  Widow  =  Mrs.  Wetherilt :  Lucy 
Welldon  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 

15.  Provoked  Wife.  Heartfree= Booth  : — his  last 
appearance  before  his  long  illness. 

17.  Relapse 22.  Funeral. 

24.  Constant  Couple 29.  Committee. 

Oct.  1.     Sir  Courtly  Nice 4.   Strategem. 

(i.  Double  Gallant 8.  Chances. 


D.  L.    1726-1727.  185 

11.  Love  for  Love. 

13.  Man  of  the  Mode 15.  Volpone. 

20.  Not  acted  3  years,  Alchemist.  Abel  Drugger 
=  Miller  :  Kastril  =  Bridgewater  :  Surly  =  W.  Mills: 
Dapper  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Love  wit  =  Shepherd  :  Dame 
Pliant  =  Mrs.  Butler:— rest  as  Oct.  27  1721. 

22.  Humorous  Lieutenant  =  Miller  :  Leucippe  = 
Mr.  Harper  : — see  April  18  1724. 

25.  Silent  Woman 27.  Amorous  Widow. 

Nov.  1.  Provoked  Wife.     Heartfree  =  W.  Mills. 

2.  Love's  last  Shift 3.  Richard  the  3d. 

4.  Tamerlane  =  Williams. 

9.  Love  makes  a  Man 10.  Amphitryon. 

12.  Hamlet.     Ghost  =  Bridgewater. 

15.  Wit  without  Money 16.  Macbeth. 

19-  Not  acted  5  years,  Albion  Queens.     Davison 
=  Bridgewater  : — rest  as  March  2  1723. 

25.  jEsop. 

26.  Not  acted  7  years,    Comical  Revenge.     Sir 
Frederick  Frolick  =  Wilks  :   Dufoy  =  Gibber  :    Sir 
Nicholas  Cully  =  Norris  :  Palmer  =  Johnson:  Whea- 
dle  =  Shepherd  :   Col.  Bruce  =  Bridgewater  :  Widow 
Rich  =  Mrs.  Oldfield:   Graciana  =  Mrs.  Butler  :   Au- 
relia  =  Mrs.  Gibber : — acted  3  times. 

29.  Mithridates 30.  Tender  Husband. 

Dec.  3.  Never  acted  there,  Phaedra  and  Hippolitus. 
Theseus  =  Mills :  Hippolitus  =  Bridgewater :  Lycon 
=  Williams  :  Phaedra r: Mrs.  Porter:  Ismena  =  Mrs. 
Gibber: — acted  3  or  4  times. 

12.  Twin  Rivals 13.  Fatal  Marriage. 

14.  Scornful  Lady—   —15.  Unhappy  Favourite. 

17.  Way  of  the  World.  Fainall  =  W.  Mills  :  Mrs. 
Fainall  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Foible  =  Mrs.  Wetherhilt. 


186  D.  L.  1726-1727. 

20.  King  Lear — probably  by  Mills. 

Jan.  16.  Distressed  Mother.  Pyrrhus  =  Booth, 
his  first  appearance  since  his  illness  : — the  house  was 
crowded  very  early,  and  the  extraordinary  applause 
he  received,  spoke  at  once  the  sense  the  town  had  of 
his  merit,  and  their  joy  at  his  return.  (  Theo.  Cibber.} 

20.  Not  acted  5  years,   Country  Wit.     Sir  Man- 
nerly Shallow  =  Miller :  Ramble  =  Mills :  Sir  Thomas 
Rash  =  Griffin  :  Merry  =  Gibber  Jun.  :  Lord  Drybone 
=  Shepherd  :  Tom  Rash  —  Johnson  :  Booby  =  Har- 
per :  Christina  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  —rest  omitted — acted 
about  3  times. 

21.  Orphan 24.  Tempest. 

25.  Cato.     Cato  =  Booth:  Marcia  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

26.  Rehearsal.     B ayes  =  Gibber. 

27.  Never   acted,    Rival   Modes.      Bellamine  '= 
Wilks  :  Sagely  =  Mills :  Earl  of  Late- Airs  =  Cibber : 
Lord  Toupet   (his  son)  —  Cibber  Jun. :  Sir  Oliver 
Bruin  =  Harper :  George  (servant  to  Lord  Toupet) 
=  Miller :  Henry    (servant  to  the  Earl)  =  Norris  : 
Amoret    (a  rich  widow^  =  Mrs.  Oldfield  :   Melissa 
(daughter  to  Sir  Oliver)  =  Mrs.  Porter  :  Clary  (wo- 
man to  Amoret)  —  Mrs.  Horton  : — acted  6  times— 
Bellamine,  who  is  of  a  gay  disposition,  is  in  love  with 
Melissa,  who  is  grave — Sagely,  who  is  grave,  is  in 
love  with  Amoret  who  is  gay — the  Earl  of  Late-Airs 
is   a  coxcomb   according  to  the  late  mode  —  Lord 
Toupet  is  a  coxcomb  according  to  the  present  mode 
— Sir  Oliver  comes  up  to  town  to  rnarry  his  daughter 
to  Lord  Toupet — the  Earl  sends  for  his  son  from  Paris 
for   the   same  purpose — Amoret  contrives  to  break 
the  match  by  setting  the  two  fathers  at  variance — at 
the  conclusion,  she  gives  her  hand  to  Sagely— Melissa 


D.  L.   1726-1727.  187 

is  married  to  Bellamine  with  her  father's  consent — 
Time  equal  to  that  of  the  representation — this  C.  is 
remarkably  dull — the  high  expectations  raised  of  it 
before  its  appearance  put  one  in  mind  of  the  moun- 
tains in  labour — Smythe  in  his  Motto  (Ccestus  ar- 
temque  repono)  threatens  to  lay  up  his  talents  and 
write  no  more — a  man  cannot  lay  up  what  he  never 
had. 

Feb.  4.  Mourning  Bride. 

8.  Recruiting   Officer.     Plume  =  Wilks :   Brazen 
=  Gibber:  Kite  =  Harper:  Bullock  =  Miller  :  Pear- 
main  =  Norris  :  Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond :  Melinda  = 
Mrs.  Horton. 

9.  Jane  Shore. 

About  9  bills  are  deficient — no  intimation  is  given 
that  the  Theatres  were  shut,  but  that  probably  was 
the  case. 

23.  Not  acted  5  years,  Aurenge-Zebe.     Melisinda 
=  Mrs.  Cibber. 

25.  Second  time  for  5  years,  Henry  4th  part  2d. 
Prince  of  Wales  =  Williams  :  Falstaff  =  Harper  : 
Feeble  =  Griffin:— see  Dec.  17  1720. 

March  2.  Conscious  Lovers. 

9.  Mrs.  Oldfield's  bt.  Amorous  Widow.  Barnaby 
Brittle  —  Norris. 

April  3.  Lancashire  Witches 5.  Julius  Caesar. 

8.  Plain  Dealer—  —17-  Theodosius. 

19.  For  bt.  of  Cibber  Jun.  and  Mrs.  Cibber. 
Careless  Husband  with  (not  acted  4  years)  Strollers. 

24.  Harper's   bt.   Virtue    Betrayed  —  with  Stage 
Coach.     Squire  =  Miller  : — end  of  the  play  Harper's 
Drunken  Man. 


188  L.  i.  F.   1726-1727. 

29.  Bridge  water's  bt.  Caius  Marius.  Apothecary 
=  Griffin :  Ruffian  =  Miller : — rest  as  usual  —  with 
Schoolboy.  Young  Rakish  =  Bridgewater. 

May  5.  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not.  Trappanti 
=  Miller :  Don  Manuel  =  Cibber  :  Don  Philip  = 
Booth :  Soto  =  Harper  :  Diego  =  Norris  :  Hypolita 
=  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Rosara  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

8.  Country  Wife.  Sir  Jasper  Fidget  =  Norris : 
Lady  Fidget  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

22.  For  bt.  of  Widow  Leigh  and  Widow  Bowen. 
Country  Wit. 

24.  For  bt.  of  the  author  of  Shakspeare  Restored 
— (  Theobald.} — Rule  a  Wife  and  have  a  Wife. 

In  1728  Pope  published  the  Dunciad — at  the  head 
of  the  Dunces  he]  placed  poor  Theobald,  whom  he 
accused  of  ingratitude,  but  whose  real  crime  was 
supposed  to  be  that  of  having  revised  Shakspeare 
more  happily  than  himself.  (Dr.  Johnson.) 

If  Pope  had  been  inclined  to  have  done  his  duty 
as  an  Editor  of  Shakspeare,  he  would  have  given  the 
Menders  of  that  author  a  most  conspicuous  place  in 
the  Dunciad. 

June  2.  Way  of  the  World.     Last  play. 

No  summer  bills.     (Bills  from  B.  Jf.) 


L.  I.  F.  1726-1727. 

Sep.  14.  Recruiting  Officer 16.  Busy  Body. 

19.  Royal  Merchant 26.  Macbeth. 


L.  i.  F.   1726-1727.  18Q 

28.  CEdipus.  Phorbas  =  Milward :  Jocasta  =  Mrs. 
Berriman:  Citizens =Bullock,  Spiller,  and  Hippisley. 

Oct.  3.  Country  Wife.  Sparkish  =  Milward  :  Ali- 
thea  =  Mrs.  Berriman  :  Mrs.  Dainty  Fidget  =  Mrs. 
Rice  :  Mrs.  Squeamish  =  Miss  Fenton  : — see  Oct.  4 
1725. 

5.  Prophetess — 12.  Spanish  Fryar. 

14.  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd — 17.  Richard  3d. 

19.  Scapin  and  Country  House. 

24.  Not  acted  10  years,  Mistake.  Don  Carlos  = 
Ryan  :  Sancho  =  Hippisley  :  Lopez  =  Spiller  :  Don 
Lorenzo  =  Walker  :  Don  Alvarez  =  Boheme  :  Don 
Felix  =  Hall :  Metaphrastus  =  Hulett :  Leonora  = 
Mrs.  Younger  :  Jacinta  =  Mrs.  Egleton  :  Camillo 
=  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

21.   Provoked  Wife — 26.  Confederacy. 

Nov.  2.  Pilgrim.     Alphonso  =  Hippisley. 

4.  Tamerlane 7-  Old  Batchelor. 

8.  Rival  Queens.  Hephestion  —  Milward  :  Cas- 
sander  =  Walker:  Roxana  =  Mrs.  Berriman  : — rest  as 
Dec.  1  1722. 

10.  Rover.     Florinda  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

14.  Orphan.  Chaplain  =  Milward:  Monimia  = 
Mrs.  Berriman  : — rest  as  Oct.  5  1721. 

18.  King  Lear.     Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

21.  Island  Princess. 

30.  Fond  Husband.  Bubble  =  Bullock  :  Fumble 
n  Hippisley  :  Rashley  =  Milward  :  Ranger  =  Quin  : 
Sir  Roger  Petulant  =  Hall :  Sneak  =  Spiller :  Maria 
=  Mrs.  Berriman  :  Emilia  and  Cordelia  are  omitted. 

Dec.  14.  Never  acted,  Dissembled  Wanton,  or 
My  Son  get  Money.  Lord  Severne  =  Quin  :  Col. 
Severne  (his  son)  =  Ryan  :  Beaufort  =  Walker :  Sir 


190  L.  i.  F.   1726-1727. 

Humphry  Staple  (a  citizen)  =  Hall :  Toby  (his  son) 
=  W.  Bullock :  Wormwood  (servant  to  Lord  Severne) 
=  Hippisley :  Miss  Severrie  disguised  as  Sir  Harry 
True! ove  =  Mrs.  Younger:  Emilia  (ward  to  Lord 
Severne)  =  Mrs.  Bullock :  Lettice  (her  woman)  = 
Mrs.  Egleton  :  Miss  Jenny  Staple  =  Mrs.  Legar  : — • 
acted  about  5  times  —  Beaufort  and  Miss  Severne 
were  mutually  in  love — Lord  Severne,  who  did  not 
approve  of  their  union,  had  sent  his  daughter  to 
France — she  appears  in  the  play  as  Sir  Harry  True- 
love — Emilia  is  the  only  person  that  knows  who  Sir 
Harry  really  is — Col.  Severne  was  to  have  married 
Emilia  —  Lord  Severne  thinks  Emilia  too  inti- 
mate with  Sir  Harry — he  is  also  informed  of  an  inti- 
macy, which  had  formerly  subsisted  between  Col. 
Severne  and  Lady  Bellamont — for  these  reasons  he 
postpones  the  intended  marriage — Col.  Severne  fan- 
cies that  Emilia  is  a  wanton — he  is  confirmed  in  his 
suspicions  by  Sir  Harry — Emilia  is  offended  at  being 
addressed  in  a  loose  manner  by  the  Colonel — but 
instead  of  expressing  her  displeasure  at  his  conduct, 
she  agrees  to  meet  him  in  Lettice's  room — Lettice  is 
dressed  as  her  mistress — Lord  Severne  and  the 
Colonel  see  her  go  into  her  room — they  believe  her 
to  be  Emilia — the  Colonel  follows  her — Emilia  enters 
from  another  door — this  clears  up  her  character  as 
to  the  assignation — but  the  father  and  son  still  think 
her  to  have  been  too  familiar  with  Sir  Harry — Sir 
Harry  discovers  himself  to  be  Miss  Severne — Col. 
Severne  and  Emilia  are  reconciled — Lord  Severne 
gives  his  daughter  to  Beaufort — the  author  of  this  C. 
was  Leonard  Welsted — his  play  is  well  written,  but 
it  wants  incident — Sir  Humphry  and  Toby  are  good 


L.  i.  F.  1726-1727.  191 

characters — they  give  the  second  title  to  the  play- 
Toby,  by  his  father's  direction,  had  paid  his  addresses 
to  Emilia. 

22.     Soldier's  Fortune 27.  London  Cuckolds. 

Jan.  4.  Hamlet.     Queen  =  Mrs  Berriman. 

9.  ^Esop.     Hortensia  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

10.  Henry  4th 11.  False  Friend. 

16.  Never  acted,  Fall  of  Saguntum.  Fabius  (a 
young  Roman)  —  Ryan  :  Murrus  (son  to  Sicoris)  =; 
Walker  :  Eurydamas  =  Quin  :  Sicoris  (governour  of 
Saguntum)  =  Boheme :  Theron  (chief  priest  of  Her- 
cules) =  Hulett :  Lycormas  (an  under  priest)  =  Diggs  : 
Curtius  (a  Roman )  =  Milward :  Candace  =  Mrs.  Ber- 
riman :  Timandra  (daughter  to  Sicoris)  =  Mrs.  Bul- 
lock : — acted  about  3  times — the  scene  lies  within 
the  walls  of  Saguntum,  as  besieged  by  Hannibal — 
the  siege  is  far  advanced,  and  the  Saguntines  are 
distressed  for  want  of  provisions — Fabius  and  Ti- 
mandra are  mutually  in  love — Candace  had  been 
taken  prisoner  by  Fabius — she  is  in  love  with  him— 
Murrus  and  Hannibal  are  in  love  with  Candace— 
Eurydamas  is  a  villain,  who  means  to  betray  Sagun- 
tum to  Hannibal — Lycormas  is  his  confederate — 
Hannibal  requires  them,  as  a  proof  of  their  sincerity 
to  procure  the  liberty  of  Candace — for  this  purpose 
Eurydamas  raises  a  suspicion  that  Fabius  intends  to 
revolt  to  the  Carthaginians,  and  carry  Candace 
with  him — the  Saguntines  mutiny — Sicoris,  with  the 
assistance  of  Theron,  appeases  the  tumult — he  agrees 
however  that  Candace  should  be  removed  from  the 
custody  of  Fabius,  arid  placed  in  the  temple  of  Her- 
cules— Fabius  is  so  offended  at  the  suspicion  which 
has  been  entertained  of  him,  that  he  refuses  to  fight 


192  L.  i.  F.   1726-1727. 

— the  Saguntines  sustain  a  defeat,  owing  to  the  ab- 
sence of  Fabius,  who  had  hitherto  been  their  chief  sup- 
port— Tirnandra  prevails  on  Fabius  to  resume  his  arms 
— another  engagement  takes  place — Murrus  is  killed, 
and  Fabius  mortally  wounded — Timandra  becomes 
distracted — Eurydamas  is  condemned  to  death  for  his 
treachery — Candace  stabs  herself,  after  having  been 
ravished  by  Murrus — Sicoris  and  the  Saguntines  de- 
termine to  set  the  city  on  fire — the  author  of  this  T. 
was  Frowde — some  speeches  in  it  are  not  badly 
written,  but  on  the  whole  it  is  a  dull  and  uninteresting 
play — it  appears  from  the  Epilogue  that  it  had  been 
rejected  at  D.  L. — Candace  is  a  very  unnatural  cha- 
racter— she  is  an  African  Queen — an  Amazon  and  a 
great  warriour — yet  we  find  her  ravished  by  a  single 
man — which  is  quite  ridiculous — every  thing  in  this 
play  is  fiction  except  the  mere  siege — for  the  history 
on  which  it  is  founded,  see  the  beginning  of  the  21st 

book  of  Livy,  and  of  the  3d  book  of  Polybius 

Crevier,  in  the  preface  to  his  edition  of  Livy,  observes 
— "  Polybius,  a  very  judicious  and  faithful  historian, 
"  weighs  with  great  care  the  causes  of  the  second 
"  Punic  war — he  determines,  that  if  the  origin  of  the 
"  war  be  attributed  to  the  Fall  of  Saguntum,  the  Car- 
"  thaginians  acted  unjustly — but  that  if  the  conduct 
"  of  the  Romans  with  regard  to  Sardinia  be  taken 
"  into  the  account — the  Carthaginians  did  no  more  than 
"  they  had  a  right  to  do — but  what  says  Livy  ? — he 
"  accurately  repeats  all  that  Polybius  had  said  in  favour 
"  of  the  Romans,  and  passes  over  in  silence  all  that  he 
"  had  said  in  favour  of  the  Carthaginians— this  he  does 
"  with  the  bad  and  unpardonable  design  of  conceal- 
"  ing  the  truth." 


L.  i.  F.  1726-1727.  193 

31.  Strategem,     Gibbet  =  Mil  ward. 
Feb.  2.  Henry  8th.     Queen  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 
March  — .  Rape  of  Proserpine — successful  Pan- 
tomime. 

18.  Cartouche 20.  Measure  for  Measure. 

25.  Anatomist. 

April  3.  For  bt.  of  Boheme  who  was  ill.  Macbeth. 
Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

7«  Walker's  bt.  Not  acted  5  years,  Venice  Pre- 
served. Jaffier  — Ryan  :  Pierre  —  Walker :  Priuliz= 
Milward:  Renault  =  Hulett :  Antonio  =  Spiller :  Bel- 
videra  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

10.  Mrs.  Bullock's  bt.  Woman's  a  Riddle.  Sir 
Amorous  Vainwit  —  W.  Bullock  :  Col.  Manley  = 
Ryan :  Vulture  =  Bullock :  Miranda  —  Mrs.  Younger: 
Lady  Outside  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :— rest  omitted. 

17.  Mrs.  Berriman's  bt.  Jew  of  Venice.  Antonio 
=rRyan  :  Bassanio  =  Walker  :  Portia  —  Mrs.  Berri- 
man : — rest  omitted. 

19.  Mrs.  Berriman  acted  Lady  Touchwood. 

27  or  28.  For  bt.  of  Diggs'  Widow.  Rover.  An- 
gellica  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

29.  Never  acted,  Philip  of  Macedon.  Perses  = 
Walker:  Demetrius  —  Ryan  :  Philip,  King  of  Mace- 
don =  Hulett :  Antigonus  =  Milward  :  Didas  =  Quin  : 
Philocles  =  Berriman  :  Herodorus  —  Lacy  :  Isteria  = 
Mrs.  Berriman  :  Olympias  (daughter  to  Philip)  = 
Mrs.  Younger  : — acted  4  times — this  T.  is  in  a  great 
degree  historical — Perses,  the  elder  son  of  Philip,  is 
jealous  of  the  popularity  of  his  brother,  Demetrius 
— Philip  is  jealous  of  the  regard  shown  by  the  Romans 
to  Demetrius — Perses,  in  the  2d  act,  accuses  Deme- 
trius of  an  attempt  to  murder  him — Demetrius 

VOL.   III.  O 


194  L.  i.  F    1726-1727. 

defends  himself  from  the  unjust  accusation — Philip 
comes  to  no  determination — at  last  he  is  induced,  by 
a  forged  letter  and  other  artifices,  to  believe  that 
Demetrius  is  more  attached  to  the  Romans  than  to 
himself — Demetrius  is  killed — Philip  is  convinced  of 
his  innocence,  when  it  is  too  late — he  appoints  Anti- 
gonus  his  successor,  and  dies — all  these  circumstances 
(with  one  slight  variation)  are  taken  from  the  40th 
book  of  Livy — Didas,  Philocles,  and  Herodorus  are 
real  persons — the  women  are  fictitious  characters — 
Isteria,  a  Gaulish  Princess,  had  been  sent  into  Mace- 
don  by  her  brother,  with  a  view  of  being  married  to 
Perses — she  falls  in  love  with  Demetrius — he  falls  in 
love  with  her,  but  without  becoming  a  rival  to  his 
brother — Antigonus  and  Olympias  are  mutually  in 
love — at  the  conclusion  of  the  play,  Philip  gives  her 
to  Antigonus — this  is  a  very  dull  T.  by  Lewis,  but 
there  is  nothing  in  it  particularly  wrong — the  author 
adheres  much  more  closely  to  history  than  Dr.  Young, 
whose  Brothers  (see  D.  L,  March  3  1753)  is  likewise 
founded  on  the  dissentions  in  the  family  of  the  last 
Philip— the  dedication  of  this  play  is  quoted  very 
unfairly  in  the  B.  D. 

May  4.  Tunbridge  Walks.     Reynard  =  Milward  : 
Lo ve worth= Walker :  Squib  =  Spiller: — rest  omitted. 

19.  Never  acted  (there)  Caradoc  the  Great,  or  the 
Valiant  Welshman.  Caradoc  (probably)  =  Walker  : 
Gald  —  Milward  :  Earle  =  Hippisley :  Cartismanda  = 
Mrs.  Berriman  : — this  Manuscript  bill  is  very  badly 
written — Hippisley  no  doubt  played  Morgan  Earl  of 
Anglesey,  a  comic  character. 

The  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  says  that  the  Valiant 
Welshman  (for  that  is  properly  the  first  title  of  this 


L.  i.  F.    1726-1727.  195 

play)  was  printed  in  1615 — my  copy  is  printed  in 
1663  with  a  cut  of  Caradoc  (or  Caractacus)  on  horse- 
back—it was  written  by  R.  A,  Gent.,  and  had  been 
acted  sundry  times  by  the  Prince  of  Wales  his  ser- 
vants— it  is  professedly  founded  on  the  12th  book  of 
the  Annals  of  Tacitus — but  the  far  greater  part  of 
it  is  fictitious,  or  borrowed  from  the  British  historians 
— Octavian  is  King  of  North  Wales — a  part  of  his 
dominions  had  been  usurped  by  the  Earl  of  Mon- 
mouth — a  battle  ensues  between  them — Caradoc  kills 
Monmouth — Octavian  rewards  him  with  his  daughter, 
Guiniver — the  King  of  Britain  requests  the  assistance 
of  Octavian  against  the  Romans — Octavian  sends 
Caradoc  to  join  the  Britons — Codigune,  the  bastard 
son  of  Octavian,  conspires  against  his  father — Octa- 
vian is  poisoned — Guiniver  and  Voada,  the  sister  of 
Caradoc,  are  taken  prisoners — this  passes  in  dumb 
show — a  battle  takes  place  between  the  Romans  and 
Britons — Caradoc  takes  the  Emperour  Claudius  pri- 
soner, and  afterwards  releases  him — Claudius  in 
return  gives  him  a  golden  lion  to  wear  about  his  neck 
— Caradoc  goes  back  to  Wales — he  fights  with  the 
usurper,  and  spares  his  life — he  sets  his  wife  and 
sister  at  liberty — he  gives  the  latter  to  Gald,  the 
brother  of  the  King  of  Britain — the  Romans  renew 
the  war — Caradoc  is  compelled  to  implore  the  assist- 
ance of  Venusius,  Duke  of  York — during  the  absence 
of  Venusius,  his  wife,  Cartismanda,  betrays  Caradoc 
to  the  Romans — Gald,  Venusius  &c.  defeat  the 
Romans — in  the  last  scene,  Caradoc  is  brought  before 
Claudius  at  Rome— the  Emperour  recognises  the 
lion,  and  promises  to  send  Caradoc  and  his  friends 
home  with  honour — the  author  has  introduced  a  Bard 

o  2 


196  L.  i.  F.   1726-1727. 

by  way  of  Chorus — in  the  3d  and  4th  acts  we  have 
a  Witch — she  creates  a  huge  serpent — a  shepherd 
informs  Caradoc  of  the  great  mischief  done  by  the 
serpent — Caradoc  goes  in  quest  of  it — an  old  man 
tells  him  the  serpent  is  invulnerable — but  gives  him 
a  herb  which  has  power  over  sorcery — the  serpent 
enters  —  Caradoc  shows  the  herb  —  the  serpent 
retreats  into  a  temple — Caradoc  pursues  it — the 
Witch  is  taken  and  burnt — on  the  whole  this  is  a 
poor  play,  but  there  is  a  good  comic  scene,  the  out- 
lines of  which  are  borrowed  from  that  of  the  grave- 
diggers  in  Hamlet — this  scene  was  stolen  by  Dogget, 
and  inserted  in  his  Country  Wake  at  the  close  of  the 
3d  act. 

22.  Merry  Wives  of  Windsor.  Mrs.  Page  =  Mrs. 
Berriman. 

June    14.    Tunbridge   Walks  — last   play.     (Bills 
from  B.  M.) 

The  bills  do  not  give  any  intimation  that  Mrs.  Ber- 
riman was  a  new  actress,  nor  do  they  explain  who 
she  was — in  the  course  of  this  season,  she  acted 
Jocasta,  Alithea,  Queen  Katharine,  Hortensia,  Lady 
Touchwood,  Angellica  and  Mrs.  Page — in  1727- 
1728,  she  acted  Arpasia,  Queen  in  Richard  the  3d, 
Cleora  in  Bath  Unmasked,  and  Lady  Brute — all  of 
them  parts  belonging  to  Mrs.  Parker — it  seems  there- 
fore probable,  that  Mrs.  Parker  was  now  married  to 
Berriman,  who  acted  a  small  part  in  Philip  of 
Macedon. 


D.  L.  1727-1728.  197 


D.  L.  1727-17^8. 

Sep.  7.  Othello 9.  Henry  4th,  part  2d. 

12.  Spanish  Fryar 14.  Constant  Couple. 

16.  King  Lear 19-  Old  Batchelor  —  Harper. 

21.  Conscious  Lovers.     Myrtle  =  Bridgewater. 
26.  Love  for  Love.     Miss  Prue  =  Mrs.  Gibber. 
28.  Strategem.     Sullen  =  Harper  :  Cherry  =  Mrs. 
W.  Mills  late  Mrs.  Tenoe. 

23.  Hamlet SO.  Macbeth. 

Oct.  3.  Julius  Caesar  =  Williams :  Calphurnia  = 
Mrs.  Butler. 
7.  Way  of  the  World.     Waitwell  =  Shepherd. 

9.  Not  acted  10  years,  Adventures  of  five  Hours. 
Don  Octavio  =  Booth  :  Don  Antonio  =  Mills :  Diego 
=  Johnson  :     Ernesto  =  Miller :   Sancho  =  Norris  : 
Porcia  =  Mrs.  Horton  : — rest  omitted. 

10.  Double  Gallant  with  Harlequin  Dr.  Faustus. 
Harlequin^ Clark  :  Punch  =  Burney  :  Bawd  =  Mr. 
Harper:  Diana  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

11.  No  play  on  account  of  the  Coronation. 

12.  Committee 13.  Theodosius. 

14.  Careless  Husband—  —16.  Don  John. 

19.  Tender  Husband.     Fainlove  =  Mrs.  Mills. 

20.  Funeral — 21.  All  for  Love— 23.  Rover. 

24.  Distressed  Mother 25.  Country  Wife. 

26.  Not  acted  3  years,  Henry  8th.  King  =  Booth  : 

Wol  sey  =  Gibber :  Buckingham  =  Wilks  :  Cranmer  = 
Mills:  Gardiner  =  Johnson :  Queen  Catharine  =  Mrs. 
Porter  :  with  the  Coronation  of  Anne  Bullen. 

Booth  was  particularly  celebrated  for  acting  the 


198  D.  L.   1727-1728. 

King ;  tho*  he  gave  full  scope  to  the  humour,  yet  he 
never  dropped  the  dignity  of  the  character  j  when  he 
appeared  most  familiar  he  was  by  no  means  vulgar  ; 
when  angry,  his  eye  spoke  majestic  terror,  he  gave  the 
full  idea  of  that  arbitrary  Prince,  who  thought  him- 
self born  to  be  obeyed — (  Theo.  Cibber} — when  he 
pronounced  these  4  words  "  Go  thy  ways  Kate"  he 
did  it  with  such  a  happy  emphasis,  that  the  audience 
not  only  applauded,  but  admired  him — when  he  said 
— "  and  now  to  breakfast  with  what  appetite  you 
"  may"  his  expression  was  rapid  and  vehement,  and 
his  look  tremendous — Cibber  was  much  praised  for 
his  acting  of  Wolsey — but  he  wanted  that  easy  dig- 
nity and  deportment,  which  a  man  like  Wolsey,  so 
familiar  in  the  greatest  Courts  of  Europe,  must  have 
acquired — his  pride  and  passion  were  impotent  and 
almost  farcical — his  grief,  resignation  and  tenderness 
were  inadequate  from  a  deficiency  of  powers  ;  and 
when  he  said 

"  This  candle  burns  not  clear,  'tis  I  must  snuff  it, 
"  Then  out  it  goes — "  he  imitated  with  his  fore- 
finger and  thumb  the  extinguishing  of  a  candle  with 
a  pair  of  snuffers — (Davies} — One  must  lament  that 
Shakspeare  should  have  used  a  metaphor  so  un- 
worthy of  him,  but  surely  the  actor  should  rather 
endeavour  to  sink  the  thing,  than  to  bring  it  peculiarly 
into  notice— (see  Bath  Dec.  30  1820)— Wilks  very 
properly  thought  Buckingham  worthy  of  his  attention 
— in  the  first  scene  his  resentment  and  indignation  at 
Wolsey  broke  out  with  suitable  impetuosity — his 
action  was  vehement  and  his  motion  quick  and  dis- 
turbed— his  demeanour  when  condemned  was  gentle, 
graceful  and  pathetic — his  grief  was  manly,  resigned 


D.L.  1727-1728.  199 

and  temperate — Mrs.  Porter,  after  kneeling  to  the 
King,  uttered  her  first  speech  with  such  intelligence 
and  sensibility,  as  commanded  applause  and  atten- 
tion— in  the  trial  scene  her  behaviour  was  dignified 
and  highly  affecting ;  and  in  the  sick  scene  truly 
pathetic — her  bad  voice  did  not  obstruct  the  forcible 
expression  of  grief.  (Davies.} 

Dr.  Johnson  says  that  "  the  Genius  of  Shakspeare 
"  comes  in  and  goes  out  with  Katharine,  and  that 
"  every  other  part  may  be  easily  conceived  and  easily 
"  written — "but  surely  a  more  ticklish  task  never  fell 
to  an  author's  lot  than  to  dra"w  Henry  the  8th  with 
all  his  peculiarities,  and  yet  without  offending  Queen 
Elizabeth,  in  whose  reign  Malone  labours  success- 
fully to  prove  this  play  was  written. 

Oct.  30.  Lancashire  Witches.  Sir  Edward  Har- 
fort  =  Shepherd  :  Squire  Harfort  =  Miller :  Sir 
Timothy  Shacklehead  =  Norris  :  Tom  Shacklehead 
=  Johnson  :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Theodosia  = 
Mrs.  Mills  :  Lady  Shacklehead  =  Mrs.  Wetherhilt : 
— rest  omitted. 

31.  Henry  8th  and  Coronation  4th  time — this  repre- 
sentation cost  the  Managers  near  £1000 — a  Mock 
Coronation  was  brought  out  at  L.  I.  F.  and  disap- 
proved. (Theo.  Cibber.) 

Nov.  7.  The  Royal  Family  went  to  see  the  Coro- 
nation in  Henry  8th. 

There  are  no  bills  for  Nov. — this  deficiency  is  in 
great  measure  supplied  by  Theo.  Gibber,  who  says 
— "  Booth  acted  Henry  the  8th  above  20  nights  suc- 
"  cessively,  but  finding  himself  fatigued  with  playing 
"  the  part  so  often,  he  began  to  wish  for  some  respite 
"  — tho',  till  the  illness  he  was  but  lately  recovered 


200  D.  L.  1727-1728. 

"  from,  he  frequently  acted  in  a  new  (or  revived)  play, 
"  a  capital  laborious  part  many  successive  nights  with 
"  great  spirit  &c.  without  wanting  a  relaxation,  or 
"  having  recourse  to  the  modern  manner  of  puffing 
"^an  indisposition  of  a  principal  performer  in  the 
"  bills,  to  the  interruption  of  the  run  of  the  piece  ;  or 
"  making  a  previous  bargain  with  the  managers  to 
"  appear  but  a  certain  number  of  nights  in  one  week 
"  — a  new  political  trick  to  keep  up  a  performer's 
"  consequence  by  becoming  scarce — these  little  arts 
"  he  was  above — weakened  by  his  late  indisposition, 
"  he  really  wanted  rest,  but  as  the  Coronation  was 
"  vastly  followed,  he  wished  that  part  of  the  enter- 
"  tainment  might  be  continued. 

"  I  began  about  this  time  (by  my  assiduity  in  my 
"  business,  my  constant  attendance  to  part  of  the  regu- 
"  lation  of  rehearsals,  and  some  other  little  matters  of 
"  management)  to  be  a  sort  of  favourite  with  Wilks, 
"  and  a  kind  of  deputy  manager  to  him — Booth 
"  therefore  on  this  occasion  consulted  me  apart,  how 
"  to  bring  Wilks  into  the  scheme  of  continuing  the 
"  Coronation,  yet  dropping  the  play,  without  its  seem- 
"  ing  a  proposal  of  Booth's — I  undertook  the  busi- 
"  ness  and  pursued  the  following  method — the  Satur- 
"  day  morning  I  waited  on  the  managers  at  their 
"  office,  where  they  constantly  settled  their  weekly 
"  expenses,  and  fixed  the  business  of  the  ensuing 
"  week — at  these  meetings  also  they  settled  the  order 
"  in  which  new  or  revived  plays  or  entertainments 
"  should  be  brought  forward — heard  the  (frequent 
"  imaginary)  grievances  of  the  company,  and  gave 
"  rewards  to,  or  advanced  the  salaries  of,  such  per- 
"  formers  as,  on  ^any  emergency,  had  been  of  par- 


D.  L.   1727-1728. 

"  ticular  service,   or  had  given   proofs  of  their  im- 
"  provement   in  their  business  ;  which  last  articles, 
"  I  remember,  had  never  passed  unnoticed  by  them. 
"  I  took  occasion  to  say  to  Wilks — that  the  com- 
"  pany  of  the  other  house,   as  I  pretended  to  have 
"  been  informed,  were  busied  in  privately  getting  up 
"  the  play  of  Anna  Bullen,  and  proposed  to  add  the 
"  Coronation  to  it — I  did  not  forget  to  hint  that  I  had 
"  heard  many  people  wish  to  see  Wilks  in  the  part  of 
"  Piercy,  and   that  Mrs.  Oldfield's  performances  in 
"  the  part  of  Anna  Bullen,  if  the  Coronation  was 
"  added  as  no  improper  addition  to  them,  would  pro- 
"  bably  give  the  play  a  very  great  run — Booth  im- 
"  mediately  backed  my  proposal   of  forestalling  the 
"  other   house  by  directly  getting  up  the  play  and 
"  tacking  the  Coronation  to  it — Wilks  swallowed  the 
"  bait,  and  Anna  Bullen  was  immediately  ordered 
"  into  rehearsal — but  Booth's  business  was  but  half 
"  done ;  for  tho'  Banks'  Henry  the  8th  required  not 
"  the    force,   nor   all    the  attention   due  to    Shaks- 
"  peare's,  and  as  Booth  said,  the  former  was  a  part 
"  he  could  play  with,  in  comparison  with  the  latter — 
"  yet  he  had  a  step  farther  to  take — which  was  to 
"  bring  Wilks  to  consent  that  the  Coronation  should 
"  be  added  to  other  plays,  as  a  detached  entertain- 
"  merit — to  bring  this  about  he  again  applied  to  me  ; 
"  and  I  told  him,  I  believed,  we  should  find  no  great 
"  difficulty  in  it — accordingly  I  informed  the  maria- 
"  gers  at  our  next  meeting,  that  I  was  led  into  the 
"  mistake  of  Anna  Bullen's  being   revived    at   the 
"  other  house,  by  seeing  the  part  of  Piercy  in  the 
"  hands  of  one  of  their  actors  (which  I  really  had) 
"  and  by  having  intimation  given   me,  that   several 


202  D.  L.   1727-1728. 

"  Properties,  as  Coronets,  Scepters,  Armour  &c. 
"  were  making  for  the  use  of  that  stage,  which  I  now 
"  was  convinced  they  intended  for  the  decoration  of 
"  a  mock  Coronation  to  be  added  to  all  their  plays — 
"  I  therefore  submitted  it  to  their  better  judgment, 
"  whether  it  would  not  be  advisable  to  perform  ours 
"  as  before  hinted,  and  tack  it  to  plays,  which  of 
"  themselves,  either  through  repetition  or  other  acci- 
"  dents,  had  not  latterly  caused  an  overflow — I  ad- 
"  dressed  myself  chiefly  to  Wilks,  who  said— for  his 
"•part  he  was  indifferent,  but  bid  me  ask  my  father's 
"  opinion  (who  at  this  juncture  was  absent) — I  took 
"  upon  myself  to  answer  for  my  father's  assent 
"  to  what  Wilks  thought  proper — as  for  my  part, 
"  said  Booth,  I  don't  think  Theo's  thought  amiss 
"  -  -  Wilks  added  (to  my  no  small  satisfaction) 
"  'Twas  his  opinion  the  younker's  thought  might 
"  prove  a  very  lucky  one — that  they  might  do  as  they 
"  would,  for  he  left  it  to  them — what  swayed  with 
"  him,  I  knew,  was  his  playing  many  parts  to  large 
"  audiences  rather  than  indifferent  ones  (a  natural 
"  and  not  culpable  vanity) — on  this  concession  of 
"  his  I  immediately  added  the  ceremony  of  the 
"  Champion  to  the  Coronation,  and  it  was  continued 
"  to  a  great  number  of  Tragedies  and  Comedies." 

Theo.  Cibber  is  not  quite  correct,  as  Booth  cer- 
tainly did  not  play  Henry  the  8th  20  nights  succes- 
sively— he  forgets  that  Anna  Bullen  (Virtue  Be- 
trayed) had  been  acted  in  the  preceding  season  ;  and 
makes  some  other  small  mistakes  ;  all  of  which  are 
very  excusable,  as  he  seems  not  to  have  written  the 
life  of  Booth  till  1753. 

Dec.  1.  Rehearsal. 


D.  L.  1727-1728.  203 

4-.  Scornful  Lady.     Welford  =  Bridgewater. 

5.  Fatal  Marriage.  Biron  =  Williams :  Villeroy 
=  Mills  :  Fernando  =  Norris  :  Jaqueline  =  Miller  : 
Frederick  =  Bridgewater :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Porter  : 
Victoria  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Julia  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

7.  Way  of  the  World.     Fainall  =  W.  Mills. 

On  this  day  Savage  the  author  was  convicted  of 
wilful  murder. 

The  Coronation  was  tacked  to  all  these  plays. 

13.  Never  acted,   Double  Falshood,    or  the  Dis- 
trest  Lovers.    Julio  =  Williams  :  Henriquez  =  Wilks : 
Roderick  =  Mills  :  Duke  Angelo  (father  to  Roderick 
and  Henriquez)  =  Corey :  Camillo  (father  to  Julio)  =. 
Griffin  :  Don  Bernard  (father  to  Leonora)  =  Harper : 
Master  of  the  Flocks  =  Bridgewater  :  1st  Shepherd 
=  Norris  :  Leonora  —  Mrs.  Porter:  Violante  =  Mrs. 
Booth  : — Julio  and  Leonora  are  mutually  in  love— 
Henriquez  seduces  Violante  on  a  promise  of  marriage 
— he  deserts  her  for  Leonora — he  is  aware  of  Leo- 
nora's attachment  to  Julio,  and  contrives  to  have 
Julio  sent  for  to  court — Don  Bernard  insists  that 
Leonora  should  abandon  Julio,  and  marry  Henriquez 
—Leonora  sends  a  letter  to  Julio — he  returns  in  dis- 
guise— Leonora  assures  him  that  she  will  never  marry 
Henriquez — the  scene  opens  and  discovers  an  altar 
with    other   preparations   for    the    marriage — Julio 
claims  Leonora — he  is  forced  out  by  the  servants  of 
Henriquez — Leonora  faints  and  is  carried  off — she 
takes  refuge  in  a  nunnery — Violante  disguises  herself 
as   a  boy — Julio  runs   mad   on    the    mountains  - 
Roderick  assists  Henriquez  in  getting  Leonora  from 
the  nunnery,  but  takes  care  not  to  let  her  be  in  his 
brother's   power  —  Violante   tells    Roderick    where 


204  D.L.  1727-1728. 

Julio  is — at  ths  conclusion  Henriquez  marries  Vio- 
lante  with  his  father's  consent — Julio  and  Leonora 
are  united — scene  Andalusia — this  is  a  very  good 
play,  but  certainly  not  Shakspeare's,  as  Theobald 
endeavoured  to  persuade  the  world — Dr.  Farmer  con- 
jectures with  much  probability  that  it  was  Shirley's 
— Theobald  in  the  preface  speaks  of  having  three 
Manuscript  copies  of  it,  one  of  which  was  in  the 
hand-writing  of  Downes,  and  had  been  formerly  in 
the  possession  of  Betterton,  who  intended  to  have 
brought  out  this  play,  but  did  not  do  it — there  is  a 
great  similarity  between  the  latter  part  of  Julio's 
character  and  that  of  Octavian  in  the  Mountaineers 
— they  are  both  taken  from  the  story  of  Cardenio  in 
Don  Quixote. 

19.  Double  Falshood  6th  time.  Julio  =  Booth, 
being  his  1st  appearance  since  his  illness. 

Booth  had  rehearsed  Julio  several  times ;  when 
the  play  was  ready  for  acting,  he  was  prevented  from 
appearing  in  it  by  illness,  and  the  character  was  sup- 
plied by  Williams,  to  whom  Booth  had  given  the  part 
to  study,  as  doubting  of  being  able  to  appear  in  it 
himself ;  but  at  Theobald's  earnest  entreaty  he  good- 
naturedly  disregarded  his  indisposition  and  played 
the  part  on  this  evening.  (  T.  (7.) 

20—21—22  and  26.  Booth  acted  Julio. 

28.  Jane  Shore.     Hastings  =  Booth. 

29.  Tempest 30.   Booth  acted  Cato. 

Jan.  1.  Virtue  Betrayed,  or  Anna  Bullen.  Henry 
8th  =  Booth:  Lady  Diana  Talbot  =  Mrs.  Gibber. 

2.  Recruiting  Officer 3.  Love's  last  Shift. 

4.  Booth  acted  Brutus. 

8.  Virtue  Betrayed.     Henry  8th  =  Booth. 


>.  L.  1727-1728.  205 

9.  Double  Falshood.      Julio  =  Booth  : — this  was 
his  last  performance. 

The  Coronation  was  tacked  to  most  of  these  plays. 

10.  Never  acted,  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  Townly 
=  Wilks  :   Sir  Francis  Wronghead  =  Gibber  :  Manly 
=  Mills  :    Count   Basset  =  Bridgewater  :     Squire 
Richard  =  Young  Wetherelt :  John  Moody  =  Miller : 
Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Oldfield  :  Lady  Wronghead  — 
Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Lady  Grace  =  Mrs.  Porter  :  Miss 
Jenny  =  Mrs  Gibber  :  Mrs.  Motherly  =  Mrs.  Moore  : 
Myrtilla  =  Mrs.  Grace. 

Whoever  is  curious  in  dramatic  concerns  ought  to 
read  "  the  Journey  to  London,"  which  is  to  be  met 
with  in  Vanburgh's  works  ;  he  would  then  see  what 
part  of  this  play  was  written  by  Gibber  and  what  by 
Vanburgh  ;  this  is  the  more  necessary,  as  some  thea- 
trical books  give  a  wrong  account  of  this  matter* — 
the  fact  is  that  Vanburgh  left  behind  him  near  4  acts 
—Gibber  finished  the  play  in  a  way  greatly  to  his 
credit ;  the  alterations  he  made  are  for  the  better, 
but  the  courtship  of  Manly  and  Lady  Grace  is  some- 
what dull. 

Act  1st.  The  soliloquy  and  the  first  scene  are 
Gibber's — nearly  the  whole  of  John  Moody's  part  is 
Vanburgh's — the  whole  of  the  courtship  between 
Manly  and  Lady  Grace  is  Gibber's. 

Act  2d  is  Vanburgh's  with  slight  additions  from 
Cibber. 

In   Act  3d   the  scene  between    Lord  and   Lady 


*  At  C.G.  in  1820-1821  the  Provoked  Husband  was  repeatedly 
advertised  as  dibber's  play. 


206  D.  L.   1727-1728. 

Townly  is  Vanburgh's  and  Gibber's — Lady  Grace's 
mode  of  life  is  Vanburgh's. 

Act  4th  is  chiefly  Vanburgh's — particularly  the 
Scene  where  Sir  Francis  describes  his  going  to  the 
Minister  and  the  House  of  Commons. 

In  Act  5th  the  scene  with  Poundage  is  Vanburgh's 
— the  rest  of  the  play  is  Gibber's. 

The  characters  in  the  Original  are,  Sir  Francis 
Headpiece  —  Lord  Loverule  (Lord  Townly) — Sir 
Charles  —  Uncle  Richard  —  Col.  Courtly  (Count 
Basset)  —  Squire  Humphry — John  Moody — Lady 
Arabella  (Lady  Townly) — Lady  Headpiece — Miss 
Betty — Clarinda  (Lady  Grace) — Mrs.  Motherly — 
Martilla—  Sir  Charles  and  Uncle  are  consolidated  in 
Manly. 

On  the  first  night  this  C.  was  acted,  Gibber's  Non- 
juror  enemies  took  a  vast  deal  of  pains  to  damn  it, 
they  so  far  succeeded  that  Gibber  at  one  time  gave  it 
up  for  lost — there  were  several  interruptions,  where 
the  actors  were  obliged  to  stand  still,  particularly  one 
in  the  4th  act,  which  Victor  thought  it  impossible  for 
the  play  to  outlive — the  next  day  it  was  attacked  in 
the  papers  and  triumphed  over  as  a  dead  and  damned 
piece — a  severe  criticism  was  made  upon  it  in  general 
terms  of  invective  for  the  writer  disdained  to  enter 
into  particulars  ;  yet  this  damned  play  was  acted  28 
nights  together,  and  left  off  at  a  receipt  of  £140, 
which  happened  to  be  more  than  in  50  years  before, 
could  be  said  of  any  play  whatsoever.  (Gibber.) 

Sir  Francis'  saying  ay,  when  he  should  have  said 
no,  is  an  exquisite  piece  of  humour — Harley,  who 
was  afterwards  Earl  of  Oxford,  was  a  personal  fa- 
vourite with  Charles  the  2d — on  some  important 


D.  L.  1727-1728. 

question  he  voted  against  the  Court,  for  which  the 
King  chid  him  severely — the  next  day  he  voted  as 
the  King  wished  him — which  the  King  took  notice 
of  at  night,  and  said,  you  were  not  against  me  to  day 
—he  replied,  "  no  Sir  I  was  against  my  conscience  to 
"  day  " — this  was  so  drily  delivered,  that  the  King 
seemed  pleased  with  it,  and  it  was  much  talked  of. 
(Burnett) 

Vanburgh  died  in  1726 — he  wrote  or  altered  about 
10  dramatic  pieces — he  is  one  of  our  very  best 
writers  in  Comedy — Cibber  justly  observes  of  him, 
that  he  had  a  peculiar  skill  in  adapting.  French  plays 
to  the  English  stage — his  Provoked  Wife  however  is 
a  proof  that  he  could  write  an  excellent  Comedy  with- 
out borrowing — Vanburgh  was  the  great  architect  of 
his  day — he  built  Blenjieim  for  the  Duke  of  Marl- 
borough  &c. — his  buildings  were  in  general  so  heavy, 
that  a  wag  said  of  him — 

"  Lie  heavy  on  him  earth,  for  he 
"  Laid  many  a  heavy  load  on  thee." 

Feb.  10.  Provoked  Husband  2yth  time  succes- 
sively. 

1 6.  Love  in  several  Masques.  Wisemore  =  Mills  : 
Merital  =  Wilks  :  Malvil  =  Bridgewater  :  Sir  Positive 
Trap  =  Harper :  Rattle  =  Cibber  :  Lord  Formal  = 
Griffin  :  Sir  Apish  Simple  =  Miller  :  Lady  Match- 
less =  Mrs.  Oldfield :  Vermilia  =  Mrs.  Porter:  Helena 
=  Mrs.  Booth:  Lady  Trap  =  Mrs.  Moore:  Catchit 
(woman  to  Vermilia)  =  Mrs-  Mills  : — Merital  and 
Helena  are  mutually  in  love — her  uncle,  Sir  Positive 
Trap,  insists  that  she  should  many  Sir  Apish 
Simple — Lady  Matchless,  to  oblige  Helena,  holds  out 


208  D.  L.    1727-1728. 

a  lure  to  Sir  Apish — he  deserts  Helena,  arid  makes 
love  to  Lady  Matchless — Merital  and  Helena  are 
united  —Lady  Matchless  is  a  young  and  rich  widow 
—Lord  Formal,  Rattle,  and  Sir  Apish  are  suitors  to 
her — in  the  last  act,  Wisemore,  in  the  disguise  of  a 
lawyer,  tells  her  that  a  claim  is  made  to  her  fortune 
by  a  relation  of  her  late  husband — Lord  Formal, 
Rattle,  and  Sir  Apish  relinquish  all  pretensions  to 
her — she  gives  her  hand  to  Wisemore — Malvil  and 
Vermilia  are  mutually  in  love — Catch  it,  from  mer- 
cenary motives,  excites  a  quarrel  between  them — at 
the  conclusion  they  are  reconciled — this  is  a  moderate 
C. — it  probably  came  out  on  the  12th  ;  it  does  not 
appear  how  often  it  was  acted  as  the  bills  in  Feb. 
are  defective — Fielding  in  his  preface  says,  it  was 
received  with  more  success  than  he  had  a  right  to 
expect,  notwithstanding  it  succeeded  the  Provoked 
Husband,  which  was  acted  28  nights  successively, 
and  was  contemporary  with  an  Entertainment  which 
engrossed  all  the  talk  and  admiration  of  the  town. 

St.  James'  Evening  Post  from  Feb.  17  to  20  1728. 

"  On  Feb.  17  Gibber  made  his  speech  in  the  Rolls 
Chapel  in  the  cause  about  Sir  Richard  Steele."  {B.M.} 

As  Sir  Richard  Steele  gave  himself  no  concern 
about  the  management  of  the  theatre,  to  which  he 
was  equally  bound  with  the  other  three  Patentees, 
they  thought  it  reasonable  to  make  a  charge  of 
£1  13s.  4d.  for  their  trouble  every  acting  day — to 
this  Steele  did  not  object,  and  so  the  matter  went  on 
for  near  3  years — but  Sir  Richard's  property  being 
thrown  into  the  hands  of  his  creditors,  a  Chancery 
suit  was  commenced  against  the  acting  managers 
about  this  charge — as  the  chief  point  in  dispute  was, 


D.  L.   1727-1723.  209 

of  what  kind  or  importance  the  business  of  a  manager 
is.  Gibber  was  recommended  by  his  Counsel  to 
plead  that  part  of  the  cause  himself,  which  he  did 
so  much  to  the  satisfaction  of  Sir  Joseph  Jekyll, 
then  Master  of  the  Rolls,  that  he  made  a  decree  in 
their  favour. 

Of  all  this  Gibber  gives  a  long  and  circumstantial 
account — but  with  his  usual  accuracy  as  to  dates,  he 
tells  us  that  the  cause  came  to  a  hearing  in  17^6  — 
towards  the  conclusion  of  his  speech,  he  says — 
"  tho'  the  managers  are  not  all  of  them  able  to  write 
"  plays,  yet  they  have  all  of  them  been  able  to  do  as 
"  profitable  a  thing  ;  they  have  invented  and  adorned 
"  a  spectacle,  that  for  40  days  together  has  brought 
"  more  money  to  the  house  than  the  best  play  that 
"  was  ever  writ :  the  spectacle  I  mean  is  that  of  the 
"  Coronation  -  ceremony  of  Anna  Bullen" — • — this 
theatrical  coronation  was  of  course  in  consequence 

of  the  real  coronation  of  George  the  2d one 

would  hardly  suppose  it  possible  that  any  author 
could  be  so  shamefully  negligent,  as  to  represent  the 
coronation  of  the  reigning  king  as  taking  place  in 
the  year  before  his  father's  death. 

Feb.  21.  Polyxena  is  said  to  be  in  Rehearsal  at 
D.  L. 

29.  For  the  bt.  of  the  author  of  a  new  play,  which 
cannot  conveniently  be  acted  this  season — Man  of 
the  Mode. 

March  9.  Alchemist.    Able  Drugger  =  Gibber  Jmi. 

11.  Unhappy  Favourite 12.  Amphitryon. 

16.  Mrs.  Thurmorid's  bt.     Provoked  Husband. 

18.  Mrs.  Booth's  bt.  Double  Falshood. 

25.  Mrs.  Hoi'ton  acted  Lady  Fanciful  for  her  bt. 

VOL.  III.  P 


210  D.  L.  1727-1728. 

26.  Albion  Queens. 

April  1.  Orphan — very  few  bills  in  this  month. 

11.  For  bt.  of  Theo.  Cibber  and  Mrs.  Cibber. 
Provoked  Husband. 

May  1.  Griffin's  bt.  Double  Falshood. 

2.  Mrs.  Butler's  bt.  Fair  Penitent.  Lothario  — 
Bridgewater :  Lavinia  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

8.  Macbeth.     Lenox  =  Cibber  Jun. 

10.  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not.  Octavio  = 
Cibber  Jun  :  Flora  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 

14.  Henry  8th.     King  =  Harper. 

17.  Chetwood's  bt.  What  d'ye  call  it?— with 
Hob.  Hob  =  Miller  :  Old  Hob  =  Harper  :— and 
Strollers. 

20.  Chances.  Don  John  =  Wilks  :  Don  Frederick 
=  Mills:  Antonio  =  Miller  :  Peter  =  Harper  :  1st 
Constantia  =  Mrs.  Cibber:  2d  Constantia  =  Mrs. 
Booth:  Landlady  =  Mrs.  Willis. 

23.  Richard  3d.  Richard  =  Cibber  :  Henry  6th 
=  Wilks  :  Buckingham  =  Mills  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Por- 
ter :  Lady  Anne  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

28.  For  bt.  of  Wright  and  Widow  Pinkethman. 
Tamerlane.  Omar  =  Cibber  Jun. 

31.  Spanish  Fryar. 

No  more  bills.     (Bills  from  B.  M.) 

When  Booth  last  appeared  on  the  stage  he  was 
but  in  his  46th  year — he  continued  ill  a  long  time  ; 
and  his  friends  had  frequent  hopes  of  his  recovery- 
he  died  May  8  1733 — about  a  month  before  his  death 
he  seemed  to  be  better — he  would  sometimes  talk 
what  characters  he  proposed  to  revive  and  plan  ope- 
rations for  the  ensuing  winter — when  intervening 
health  would  permit,  he  was  pursuing  his  studies, 


D.  L.  1727-1728. 

often  revolving  in  his  mind  past  negligences  and 
searching  after  new  beauties,  which  he  hoped  to  live 
to  put  into  execution  ;  he  knew  the  longest  life  was 
too  short  for  the  almost  endless  study  of  an  actor. 
(Theo.  Gibber.) 

He  had  learning  to  understand  perfectly  what  it 
was  his  part  to  speak,  and  judgment  to  know  how  it 
agreed  or  disagreed  with  his  character — hence  arose 
a  peculiar  grace  which  was  visible  to  every  spectator, 
tho*  few  were  at  the  pains  of  examining  into  the 
cause  of  their  pleasure — he  could  soften  and  slide 
over  with  an  elegant  negligence  the  improprieties  of 
a  part  he  acted,  while  on  the  contrary  he  could  dwell 
with  energy  upon  the  beauties,  as  if  he  exerted  a 
latent  spirit,  which  he  had  kept  back  for  such  an 
occasion,  that  he  might  alarm,  awaken  and  transport 
in  those  places  only,  which  were  worthy  of  his  best 
exertions — (Aaron  Hill} — he  had  certainly  all  the 
advantages  that  Art  or  Nature  could  bestow  to  make 
an  admirable  actor — the  tones  of  his  voice  were  all 
musical ;  and  he  had  so  excellent  an  ear,  that  no 
one  ever  heard  a  dissonant  note  come  from  him ;  he 
was  not  only  harmonious,  but  properly  so,  while  he 
filled  the  ear,  he  spoke  to  the  heart— his  articulation 
was  so  excellent,  that  he  was  heard  to  the  farthest 
part  of  the  theatre  when  he  almost  whispered — his 
voice  was  never  known  to  fail  him,  yet  he  was  not 
so  lavish  as  to  throw  it  away  on  any  unnecessary 
occasion — he  despised  a  Ranter  and  scorned  to  pur- 
chase applause  at  the  expense  of  his  lungs  and  the 

disgrace  of  his  judgment his  attitudes   were  all 

picturesque,  his  general  deportment  was  majestic 

his  madness  in  Lear  is  hardly  to  be  described,  never 


D.  L.  1727-1728. 

did  pity  or  terror  more  vehemently  possess  an  audi- 
ence, than  by  his  judicious  and  powerful  execution 
of  that  part — his  gaiety  and  gallantry  in  Lothario  and 
Varanes,  though  properly  varied,  were  remarkably 
pleasing  and  great — in  Varanes  he  excelled  in  the 
description  of  the  chase,  "  when  through  the  woods," 
&c. — in  Antony,  in  the  description  of  Cleopatra, 
and  in  the  spirited  speeches  when  roused  by  Venti- 

dius  to  renew  the  war in  Myron  when  he  says, 

"  111  bend  the  bow,"  &c. in  Jaffier,  when  having 

described  his  friends  on  the  rack,  he  turned  quick  to 
Belvidera,  he  conveyed  such  a  mixture  of  tender- 
ness, pity  and  terror,  as  spoke  to  the  heart  of  all  who 
saw  or  heard  him — in  Othello  (which  Colley  Gibber 
says  was  his  best  part)  the  heart  breaking  anguish  of 
his  jealousy  would  have  drawn  tears  from  the  most 
obdurate,  yet  in  his  grief  he  never  whined  nor  blub- 
bered, in  his  rage  he  never  mouthed  nor  ranted 

he  excelled  likewise  in  Cato — Brutus — Timon— 
Pyrrhus — Tamerlane — Young  Marius — and  Osmyn. 
(Theo.  Cibber.} 

Davies  says,  no  one  who  has  acted  the  Ghost  in 
Hamlet  since  Booth,  has  been  at  all  equal  to  him— 
his  slow,  solemn,  and  under-tone  of  voice,  his  noise- 
less tread  and  his  whole  deportment  inspired  the  au- 
dience with  awful  astonishment — the  gay  libertine  air 
he  gave  to  Polydore  has  not  been  equalled  since  ; 
tho*  Walker  his  pupil  was  more  than  a  tolerable 
copy  of  his  master. 

In  acting  Othello  one  night  to  a  small  audience 
he  was  languid  for  the  first  2  acts  ;  in  the  3d  as  if 
roused  from  a  lethargy  to  the  most  animating  vigour, 
he  displayed  such  uncommon  fire  and  force  that 


D.  L.  1727-1728.  213 

when  he  retired  into  the  Green-room,  Gibber  asked 
him    what   had   inspired   him   so  on    a   sudden?— 
"  why,"  said  Booth,  "  I  saw  by  chance  an  Oxford 
"  man  in  the  Pit,  whose  judgment   I  revere  more 
"  than  that  of  a  whole  audience." 

During  the  time  of  his  indisposition  he  was 
frequently  able  to  go  to  the  theatre,  tho*  not  able 
to  perform — Wilks  was  called  on  to  play  2  of  his 

parts — Jaffier  and  Hastings Victor  told  Davies 

that  Booth  was  not  pleased  with  the  applause  which 
Wilks  received— see  April  15  and  Oct.  17  1?30. 

Booth  has  been  known  to  read  a  scene  in  a 
part  acted  by  Betterton  to  the  admiration  of  his 
hearers — but  when  asked  why  he  would  not  so 
represent  the  part  throughout,  his  constant  answer 
was,  that  it  was  too  much  for  him — he  took  from  his 
great  exemplar  what  he  could  and  fitted  it  to  his  own 
powers  and  manner.  {Davies.} 

Aaron  Hill  observes  that  tho'  in  the  customary 
rounds  of  business  he  played  several  parts  in  Comedy, 
yet  he  seldom  appeared  in  any  of  them  much  to  his 
advantage — the  passions  which  he  found  in  Comedy 
were  not  strong  enough  to  excite  his  fire,  and  what 
seemed  want  of  qualification,  was  only  absence  of 
impression — Booth  played  many  Walking  Gentlemen, 
and  to  those  parts  Hill's  observation  is  no  doubt  ap- 
plicable ;  but  when  Booth  acted  a  part  in  Comedy 
that  was  worthy  of  his  attention  this  was  not  the 
case — Theo.  Gibber  says,  if  Booth  had  never  ap- 
peared in  Tragedy,  he  would  have  been  considered 
as  an  excellent  actor  from  his  performance  in  Comedy, 
and  appeals  to  those  who  had  seen  him  in  Young 
Bevil — Pinch  wife  —  the  Plain  Dealer — Scandal — 


214  D.  L.  1727-1728. 

Heartfree  and  many  other  parts  to  justify  his  asser- 
tion— Colley  Gibber  says  Booth  failed  in  Essex — 
plaintive  distress  did  not  suit  him. 


Booth's  characters. 

Dublin  1698  and  1699.  Oronooko — Col.  Bruce  in 
Comical  Revenge — Freeman  in  She  wou'd  if  she 
cou'd — Medley  in  Man  of  the  Mode. 

L.  I.  F.  1700.  Maximus  in  Valentinian — *  Artaban 
in  Ambitious  Stepmother. 

1701.  *Gratiano   in   Jew  of  Venice — *King   of 
Bayonne  in  Love's  Victim. 

1702.  *Axalla  in  Tamerlane — *Townlove  in  Gen- 
tleman  Cully — *Capt.  Bellmein  in  Beau's  Duel— 
*Eugenio  in  Stolen  Heiress. 

1703.  *Virotto  in  Governour  of  Cyprus — *  Sebas- 
tian in  Love  Betrayed. 

1703-1704.  *Capt.  Basil  in  Stage  Coach— *Ula- 
mar  in  Liberty  Asserted — Alexas  in  All  for  Love- 
Single  in  Sir  Solomon. 

L.  I.  F.  and  Hay.  1704-1705.  *Friendly  in  the 
Biter. 

Hay.  1705-1706.  *Dick  in  Confederacy—  *Tele- 
machus  in  Ulysses — *Don  Carlos  in  Mistake — *Gus- 
tavus  in  Revolution  of  Sweden — *Constantius  in 
British  Enchanters. 

1706-1707.  Sir  Richard  Vernon — Farewell  in  Sir 
Courtly  Nice — *Sir  Charles  Richley  in  Platonick 
Lady — Laertes — Louis  in  Comical  Revenge — Clytus 
— Dauphine  in  Silent  Woman — Julius  Caesar — Young 


D.  L.    1727-1728.  215 

Bellair  in  Man  of  the  Mode — Guyomar  in  Indian 
Emperor—  Cassio — Don  Octavio  in  Adventures  of 
Five  Hours — *llhodophil  in  Comical  Lovers — Don 
Juan  in  Rule  a  Wife — Wolfort  in  Royal  Merchant 
— Buckingham  in  Henry  8th  —  Granius  in  Caius 
Marius — Polydore — *Hippolitus — Bedamar  in  Venice 
Preserved — Biron  in  Fatal  Marriage — Alcibiades  in 
Tirnon  of  Athens — Winlove  in  Sauny  the  Scot — An- 
tonio in  Dutchess  of  Malfy — Warner  in  Sir  Martin 
Marrall — Cornet  in  Old  Troop— Massinissa  in  So- 
phonisba — Edgworth  in  Bartholomew  Fair — Palante 
in  Caesar  Borgia. 

1707-1708.  Elder  Worthy  in  Love's  last  Shift- 
*Clerimont  in  Double  Gallant — Hotspur — *Hengist 
in  Royal  Convert — Lenox  in  Macbeth — Oliver  in 
Jovial  Crew. 

D.  L.  1708.  Ghost  in  Hamlet — Ramble  in  Country 
Wit — Scandal  in  Love  for  Love — Aquilius  in  Mith- 
ridates — Morat  in  Aurenge-Zebe — Duke  in  Chances 
— Vainlove  in  O.  B. — Osmyn  in  M.  B. — Welford  in 
Scornful  Lady — Don  Lopez  in  Libertine — Crimalhaz 
in  Empress  of  Morocco — Antonio  in  Successful 
Strangers — Don  Carlos  in  ditto— Bonario  inVolpone. 

1708-1709.  Adrastus  in  (Edipus— Otto  in  Rollo- 
*  Cunningham  in  Rival  Fools — *Appius  in  Appius 
and  Virginia — Lovewell  in  Gamester — Oronooko — 
Antonio  in  Don  Sebastian — Demetrius  in  Humorous 
Lieutenant — *Ned  Whimsey  in  Modern  Prophets— 
Col.  Bruce  in  Comical  Revenge — Achilles  in  Troilus 
and  Cressida. 

1709-1710.  Essex— Charles  in  Busy  Body— Care- 
less in  Committee — Castalio — Valentine  in  Love  for 
Love — Brutus  in  J.  C. — *Athelwold  in  Elfrid — 


216  D.L.  1727-1728. 

Othello— Solyman  in  Abra-Mule — Young  Marius  in 
Cams  Marius — *Capt.  Worthy  in  Fair  Quaker — An- 
tonio in  Maid  in  the  Mill — Young  Valere  in  Game- 
ster. 

Hay.  and  D.  L.  1710-1711.  Torrismond— *Vera- 
mant  in  Generous  Husband — Bassanio  in  Jew  of 
Venice — Davison  in  Albion  Queens — Col.  Peregrine 
in  Spanish  Wives — Col.  Hack  well  Jun.  in  Volun- 
teers— *Rinaldo  in  City  Ramble. 

D.  L.    1711-1712.    Manley  in  Madam  Fickle- 
*  Horatio   in  Wife's  Relief — *Belvil   in   Perplexed 
Lovers — *Pyrrhus  in  Distressed  Mother — Titus  Ves- 
patian  in  Destruction  of  Jerusalem — Artall  in  City 
Politics — Truman  Jun.  in  Cutter  of  Coleman  Street. 

1712-1713.  *Arviragus  in  Successful  Pyrate — 
*Captain  Stanworth  in  Female  Advocates — *Capt. 
Wildish  in  Humours  of  the  Army — *Cinna  in  Cinna's 
Conspiracy  —  *Cato  —  Jaffier  —  Ambrosio  in  Don 
Quixote. 

1713-1714.  *Welford  in  Apparition — *Achilles  in 
Victim — *  I  fastings. 

1714-1715.  *Heartwell  in  Country  Lasses — Phar- 
naces  in  Mithridates  — *Lord  Guilford  Dudley  in 
Lady  Jane  Gray — Pinchwife  in  Country  Wife — Don 
Philip  in  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not. 

1715-1716.  Timon  of  Athens— King  Lear— Ban- 
quo — Melantius  in  Maid's  Tragedy. 

1716-1717-  *Lorenzo  in  Cruel  Gift — Tamerlane 
—  Bajazet  in  Sultaness — *Lucius  King  of  Britain. 

1717-1718.  *Col.  Woodvil  in  Non-Juror— Fainall. 

1718-1719.  *Don  Gormaz  in  Ximena — Antony  in 
All  for  Love — Caesar  Borgia — *  Worthy  in  Chit  Chat 
— *  Myron  in  Busiris. 


D.  L.  1727-1728.  217 

1719-1720.  *Coriolanus  in  Invader  of  his  Country 
— *Cleombrotus  in  Spartan  Dame  —  *Phocyas  in 
Siege  of  Damascus. 

1720-1721.  King  in  Henry  4th  part  2d— *Granger 
in  Refusal — *Alonzo  in  Revenge. 

1721-1722.  *Vanoc  in  Briton — Varanes — Henry 
8th. 

1722-1723.  *  Young  B  evil— *  Alberto  in  Love  in  a 
Forest — *Humfrey  Duke  of  Gloucester — *Omphales 
in  Fatal  Constancy — Plain  Dealer. 

1723-1724.  *King  in  Henry  5th  by  Hill— *So- 
phernes  in  Captives. 

1724-1725.  *Julius  Caesar  in  Caesar  in  ^Egypt — 
Henry  8th  in  Virtue  Betrayed. 

1725-1726.  Agamemnon  in  Heroic  Love — Lothario 
— Heart-free  in  P.  W. — *Polymnestor  in  Hecuba. 

1726-1727.  No  new  character. 

1727-1728.  Julio  in  Double  Falshood. 

*  Originally. 


Some  few  characters  in  obscure  plays  are  omitted. 
Davies  says  that  Booth  aeted  Falstaff,  in  Henry 
4th  part  1st,  once  for  his  benefit. 


218  L.  i.  F.  1727-1728. 


L.  I.  F.  1727-1728. 

Sep.  18.  Henry  4th  part  1st 22.  Confederacy. 

25.  Rover 27.  Recruiting  Officer. 

29.  Merry  Wives  of  Windsor. 

Oct.  2.  Amorous  Widow.  Cunningham  =  Mil- 
ward  :— see  Oct.  23  1724. 

6.  Othello 9.  Royal  Merchant. 

17-  Not  acted  10  years,  Gamester.  Young  Valere 
=  Walker  :  Hector  =  Spiller  :  Sir  Thomas  Valere  = 
Boheme:  Dorante  =  Hippisley:  Lo  ve  well  =  Mil  ward : 
Cogdie  =  Chapman :  Angelica  =  Mrs.  Younger :  Lady 
Wealthy  =  Mrs.  Clarke,  1st  appearance. 

19.  King  Lear.  Albany  =  Mil  ward  :  Corn  well  = 
Chapman  :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

26.  Island  Princess      Ruy  Diasr=  Mil  ward. 

31.  CEdipus.  Phorbas=  Ryan:  ^Egeon  =  Chap- 
man :  Haemon  =  Mil  ward. 

Nov.  4.  Tamerlane.  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Berriman  : 
Selima  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

7.  Prophetess 10.  False  Friend. 

14.  Rival  Queens. 

15.  Volpone.     Volponerz  Quin  :  Mosca  =  Ryan  : 
Corbaccio  =  Hippisley  :  Voltore  =  Boheme  :  Sir  Poli- 
tick Wou'dbe  =  Spiller  :   Bonario  =  Milward  :  Pere- 
grine =  Chapman  :  Lady  Wou'dbe  =  Mrs.  Younger : 
Celia  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

27.  Mistake 28.  Cheats  of  Scapin. 

Dec.  4.  Fond  Husband. 

11.  Not  acted  7  years,  Cheats.  Scruple  =  Hip- 
pisley :  Whitebroth  =  Smith  :  Mopus  =  Boheme  : 


L.  i.  F.  1727-1728.  219 

Jolly  =  Walker  :  Af ter wit  =  Mil \vard  :  Bilboe  =.  Spil- 
ler: — the  other  characters  are  omitted —with  Harle- 
quin Anna  Bullen — this  seerns  to  have  been  the  mock 
Coronation  mentioned  by  Theo.  Gibber. 
14.  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd. 

16.  Venice  Preserved 18.  Spanish  Fryar. 

19.  Oronooko 20.  Drummer. 

21 .  Richard  3d.     Queen  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

22.  Anatomist 26.  London  Cuckolds. 

28.  Unhappy  Favourite. 

Jan.  5.  Double  Dealer 8.  Squire  of  Alsatia. 

17.  Never  acted,  Sesostris,  or  Royalty  in  Disguise. 
Sesostris    (the   son  of  Pharnazes    and  Nitocris)  = 
Ryan:  Omar  =  Boheme:  Phanes    (chief  minister  of 
Omar,  but  in  the  interest  of  Sesostris)  =  Mil  ward  . 
Dion  (his  friend)  =  Chapman  :    Ammon  =  Ogden  : 
Nitocris  (the  widow  of  Pharnazes)  =  Mrs.  Berriman: 
Ariaspe  (daughter  of  Phanes)  =  Mrs.  Younger  :  — 
acted   about   8  times — several  years  before  the  play 
begins,  Omar  had  murdered  Pharnazes,  the  King  of 
^Egypt,   and   usurped  his  throne — Phanes  had  con- 
trived  to   save  Sesostris,  and  had  brought  him  up 
privately — Psamnites,  Omar's  son,  had  been  absent 
14  years — Phanes,  who  knew  the  day  on  which  he 
was  to   return,    informed  Sesostris  of  it — Sesostris 
met  Psamnites  and  killed  him — he   also  apparently 
killed  Ammon,  who  was  governour  to  Psamnites — 
Phanes  advises  Sesostris  to  pass  himself  on  Omar  as 
his  son — Sesostris  produces  a  letter  and  a  ring  which 
he  had   taken  from    Psamnites,    and  Omar  has  no 
doubt   about  the  matter — the  pretended  Psamnites 
adds    that    he    had  killed    Sesostris  —  Omar  signi- 
fies   his    intention    of    marrying    Ariaspe —Ariaspe 


220  L.  i.  F.  1727-1728. 

had  seen  Sesostris  at  her  father's  house,  and  had 
fallen  in  love  with  him — he  had  fallen  in  love  with 
her — she  is  surprised  at  finding  her  lover  apparently 
the  son  of  Omar — Sesostris  by  the  positive  command 
of  Omar,  acquaints  Nitocris  that  Sesostris  is  killed— 
he  produces  the  sword  which  Nitocris  had  sent  to  her 
son — in  a  subsequent  scene,  Nitocris  attempts  to  stab 
Sesostris,  as  supposing  him  to  be  the  murderer  of 
her  son — Ariaspe  snatches  the  dagger  from  her— 
Sesostris  discovers  himself  to  his  mother — Ammon 
recovers  from  his  wounds,  and  reveals  to  Omar  that 
Sesostris  is  not  his  son  —  Sesostris  acknowledges 
himself  to  be  the  son  of  Pharnazes — he  is  dragged  off 
by  Omar's  guards — Omar  goes  to  the  temple  at  the 
particular  request  of  Phanes — Nitocris  and  Ariaspe 
are  left  on  the  stage — Sesostris  soon  after  returns- 
he  says,  that  the  friends  of  Phanes,  who  were  con- 
cealed in  the  temple,  had  overpowered  the  guards  of 
Omar,  and  that  he  himself  had  killed  Omar  with  a 
knife  which  he  had  snatched  from  the  altar — the  scene 
lies  at  Memphis — this  is  an  indifferent  T.  by  Sturmy 
— the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  observes,  that  Dr.  Browne 
in  his  Barbarossa,  and  Voltaire  in  his  Merope,  have 
borrowed  considerably  from  this  play. 

29.  Never  acted,  Beggar's  Opera.  Macheath  = 
Walker  :  Peachum  =  Hippisley :  Lockit  =  Hall : 
Filch  =  Clark :  Jemmy  Twitcher  =  H.  Bullock  :  Ro- 
bin of  Bagshot  =  Lacy :  Mat  of  the  MintrzSpiller  : 
Ben  Budge  =  Morgan  :  Beggar  =  Chapman  :  Player 
Milward :  Polly  Peachum  =  Miss  Fenton :  Lucy 
Lockit  =  Mrs.  Egleton  :  Mrs.  Peachum  and  Diana 
Trapes  =  Mrs.  Martin :  Mrs.  Coaxer  =  Mrs.  Holiday : 
Mrs.  Vixen  =  Mrs.  Rice :  Jenny  Diver  =  Mrs. 


L.  i.  F.  1727-1728.  221 

Clarke  :*Mrs.  Slammekin  =  Mrs.  Morgan  : — Quin  had 
so  happy  an  ear  for  music,  and  was  so  famous  for 
singing  with  ease  a  common  ballad  or  catch,  that  Gay 
was  persuaded  to  offer  him  the  part  of  Macheath; 
but  after  a  short  trial  he  gave  it  up,  from  despair  of 
acquitting  himself  with  the  dissolute  gaiety  and  bold 
vigour  of  deportment  necessary  to  the  character — it 
was  then  given  to  Walker  ;  and  the  ease  and  gaiety 
with  which  he  acted  Macheath  established  his  reputa- 
tion— he  knew  no  more  of  music  than  barely  singing 
in  tune  ;  but  then  his  singing  was  supported  by  his 
inimitable  action,  by  his  speaking  to  the  eye  and 

charming  the  ear Davies  says,  that  though  he  greatly 

admired  Mrs.  Wilson's  adroitness  in  Filch,  when  this 
Opera  was  reversed  at  the  Hay.,  yet  he  thought  the 
meagre  countenance  and  shambling  figure  of  Clark 
much  better  fitted  to  the  character  of  a  pick-pocket 
than  a  female's  delicate  person.  (Davies.*) 

This  play,  written  in  ridicule  of  the  Musical  Italian 
Drama,  was  first  offered  to  Gibber  and  his  brethren 
at  D.  L.  and  rejected  by  them — it  being  then  carried 
to  Rich  had  the  effect,  as  was  ludicrously  said,  of 
making  Gay  rich  and  Rich  gay. 

Spence  has  given  the  original  and  progress  of  it  in 
Pope's  words — "  Dr.  Swift  had  been  observing  once 
"  to  Mr.  Gay,  what  an  odd  pretty  sort  of  thing  a 
"  Newgate  Pastoral  might  make — Gay  was  inclined 
"  to  try  such  a  thing  for  some  time ;  but  afterwards 
"  thought  it  would  be  better  to  write  a  Comedy  on 
"  the  same  plan — this  was  what  gave  rise  to  the 
"  Beggar's  Opera — he  began  on  it ;  and  when  first 
"  he  mentioned  it  to  Swift,  the  Doctor  did  not  much 
"  like  the  project  —  as  he  carried  it  on,  he  shewed 


222  L.  i.  F.   1727-1728. 

"  what  he  wrote  to  both  of  us,  and  we  now  and  then 
"  gave  a  correction  or  a  word  or  two  of  advice,  but 
"  it  was  wholly  of  his  own  writing — when  it  was 
"  done  neither  of  us  thought  it  would  succeed — we 
"  showed  it  to  Congreve  ;  who  said,  it  would  either 
"  take  greatly,  or  be  damned  confoundedly — we  were 
"  all,  at  the  first  night  of  it,  in  great  uncertainty  of 
*'  the  event ;  till  we  were  much  encouraged  by  over- 
"  hearing  the  Duke  of  Argyle,  who  sat  in  the  next 
"  box  to  us,  say,  *  It  will  do — it  must  do!  I  see  it 
"  in  the  eyes  of  them*  —  this  was  a  good  while 
"  before  the  1st  Act  was  over  and  so  gave  us  ease 
"  soon  ;  for  that  Duke  (besides  his  own  good  taste) 
"  had  a  particular  knack  in  discovering  the  taste  of 
"  the  public — he  was  quite  right  in  this,  as  usual ; 
"  the  good  nature  of  the  audience  appeared  stronger 
"  and  stronger  every  Act  and  ended  in  a  clamour  of 
"  applause."* 

Its  reception  is  thus  recorded  in  the  notes  to  the 
Dunciad,  "  this  piece  was  received  with  greater  ap- 
"  plause  than  was  ever  known — besides  being  acted 
"  in  London  63  days  without  intermission  and  re- 
"  newed  the  next  season  with  equal  applause,  it 
"  spread  into  all  the  great  towns  of  England — it 
"  made  its  progress  into  Wales,  Scotland  and  Ireland 
"  —  the  ladies  carried  about  with  them  the  favourite 
"  songs  of  it  in  fans — houses  were  furnished  with  it 
"  in  screens — furthermore  it  drove  out  of  England 
"  (for  that  season)  the  Italian  Opera,  which  had  car- 


*  From  this  account  it  appears  with  what  little  reason  Gibber 
has  been  censured  in  modern  times  for  rejecting  this  piece. 


L.  i.  F.  1727-1728.  223 

"  ried  all  before  it  for  10  years" — (see  the  Epilogue 
to  Love  in  a  Riddle) — when  it  was  printed,  the  recep- 
tion was  different  according  to  the  different  opinion 
of  its  readers — Swift  commended  it  as  a  piece  that 
placed  all  kinds  of  vice  in  the  strongest  and  most 
odious  light;  but  others  censured  it,  as  giving  en- 
couragement not  only  to  vice,  but  to  crimes,  by  mak- 
ing a  highwayman  the  hero,  and  dismissing  him  at 
last  unpunished — it  has  been  even  said,  that  after  the 
exhibition  of  the  Beggar's  Opera  the  gangs  of  robbers 
were  multiplied. 

Both  these  decisions  are  surely  exaggerated — the 
play,  like  many  others,  was  plainly  written  only  to 
divert,  without  any  moral  purpose,  and  is  therefore 
not  likely  to  do  good — nor  can  it  be  conceived,  with- 
out more  speculation  than  life  requires  or  admits,  to 
be  productive  of  much  evil — highwaymen  and  house- 
breakers seldom  frequent  the  play-house,  or  mingle 
in  any  elegant  diversion  ;  nor  is  it  possible  for  any 
one  to  imagine  that  he  may  rob  with  safety,  because 
he  sees  Macheath  reprieved  upon  the  stage.  (Dr. 
Johnson.'} 

Such  is  the  determination  of  that  strict  Moralist 
Dr.  Johnson — the  clamour  however  still  continues— 
about  1772  Sir  John  Fielding  sent  letters  to  the 
Managers  of  D.  L.  and  C.  G.  advising  them  not  to 
perform  the  Beggar's  Opera,  as  it  tended  to  encrease 
the  number  of  thieves — Garrick  (who  had  no  good 
Singer  except  Vernon)  affected  to  approve  of  Avhat 
Sir  John  Fielding  said — Colman's  answer  was  as  fol- 
lows —  "  Mr.  Colman's  compts.  to  Sir  J.  F.  he 
"  does  not  think  Ms  the  only  house  in  Bow  Street, 
"  where  thieves  are  hardened  and  encouraged — and 


L.  i.  F.   1727-1728. 

."  will  persist  in  continuing  the  representation  of  that 
"  admirable  Satire  the  Beggar's  Opera."  {Lee  Lewes' 
Memoirs.'} 

Notwithstanding  all  the  merits  of  this  piece,  it  is 
much  to  be  wished  that  it  had  never  been  written,  as 
its  success  has  entailed  on  us  from  that  time  to  this, 
those  bastard  Comedies  styled  Operas — most  of 
which  have  been  miserably  inferior  to  the  Prototype, 
and  many  of  them  little  more  than  mere  vehicles  for 

the  Songs if  however  Operas  were  confined  to  a 

Theatre  of  their  own  (as  of  late  years  at  the 
Lyceum)  it  would  not  be  much  amiss  — but  to  have 
Hamlet  at  D.  L.  or  C.  G.  one  night,  and  Artaxerxes 
the  next  is  abominable. 

Steevens,  on  the  celebrated  passage  in  the  Mer- 
chant of  Venice  "  the  man  that  has  no  Music  in 
"  himself"  &c. — observes — "  this  passage  which  is 
"  neither  pregnant  with  physical  or  moral  truth,  nor 
"  poetically  beautiful  in  an  eminent  degree,  has  cori- 
"  stantly  enjoyed  the  good  fortune  to  be  repeated  by 
"  those,  whose  inhospitable  memories  would  have 
"  refused  to  admit  or  retain  any  other  sentiment  of 
"  the  same  author,  however  exalted  or  just — the  truth 
"  is,  that  it  furnishes  the  vacant  fiddler,  with  some- 
"  thing  to  say  in  defence  of  his  profession  ;  and  sup- 
"  plies  the  Coxcomb  in  Music,  with  an  invective 
"  against  such  as  do  not  pretend  to  discover  all  the 
"  various  powers  of  language  in  inarticulate  sounds." 

Lord  Chesterfield  in  his  148th  letter  to  his  son, 
after  having  enumerated  music  among  the  illiberal 
pleasures,  adds—"  if  you  love  music,  hear  it ;  go  to 
"  Operas,  Concerts,  and  pay  fiddlers  to  play  to  you; 
"  but  I  must  insist  upon  your  neither  piping  nor 


L.  i.  F.  1727-1728.  225 

"  fiddling  yourself — it  puts  a  gentleman  in  a  very 
"  frivolous  contemptible  light ;  brings  him  into  a 
"  great  deal  of  bad  company,  and  takes  up  a 
"  great  deal  of  time,  which  might  be  much  better 
"  employed — few  things  would  mortify  me  more, 
"  than  to  see  you  bearing  a  part  in  a  Concert, 
"  with  a  fiddle  under  your  chin,  or  a  pipe  in  your 
"  mouth." 

Again,  letter  153,  "  A  taste  of  sculpture  and 
"  painting  is,  in  my  mind,  as  becoming  as  a  taste  of 
"  fiddling  and  piping  is  unbecoming  a  man  of  fashion 
"  — the  former  is  connected  with  history  and  poetry, 
"  the  latter  with  nothing  that  I  know  of,  but  bad 
"  company" — Again — "  Painting  and  sculpture  are 
"  very  justly  called  liberal  arts  ;  a  lively  and  strong 
"  imagination,  together  with  a  just  observation,  being 
"  absolutely  necessary  to  excel  in  either  ;  which,  in 
"  my  opinion,  is  by  no  means  the  case  in  music, 
"  though  called  a  liberal  art,  and  now  in  Italy  placed 
"  above  the  other  two — a  proof  of  the  decline  of  that 
"  country."  (Steevens.*) 

Steevens,  in  a  note  on  Henry  the  4th,  speaks  of 
singing  as  an  art,  which  can  render  birds  alone  more 
valuable. 

Kratter  in  his  "  Maid  of  Marienburg"  makes  a 
young  man,  who  plays  well  on  the  guitar  and  com- 
poses for  it,  observe — "  He  who  is  no  more  than  a 
"  musician,  and  who  seeks  to  be  nothing  farther  in 
"  the  course  of  his  life  than  to  be  a  musician,  does 
"  not  appear  to  me  to  be  a  machine  of  greater 
"  significance  than  the  instrument  on  which  he 
"  plays." 

March  9.  Ryan's  bt.  Not  acted  12  years,  Fortune 

VOL.  III.  Q 


226  L.  i.  F    1727-1728. 

Hunters.  Young  Wealthy  =  Ryan :  Spruce  =  Spiller : 
Sir  William  Wealthy  =  Bullock  :  Tom  Wealthy  = 
Walker  :  Shamtown  =  Hippisley :  Littlegad  —  Chap- 
man :  Lady  Sly  =  Mrs.  Berriman  :  Maria  =  Mrs. 
Younger :  Sophia  and  Mrs.  Spruce  are  omitted. 

14.  Quin's  bt.  Pilgrim.     Alinda^Miss  Fenton. 

18.  Hamlet.     Ophelia  =  Miss  Fenton. 

21.  Mrs.  Bullock's  bt.  Bath  Unmasked.  Sharper 
=  Mil  ward  :  Pander  =  Chapman  :  Cleora^Mrs. 
Berriman  : — see  Feb.  27  1725. 

28.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Clodio  =  Chapman  : 
Elvira  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

April  1.  Boheme's  bt.     Mariamne. 

6.  Walker's  bt.  Love  and  a  Bottle.  Brush  = 
Spiller  :  Beggar  =  Chapman  :  Leanthe  =  Miss  Fen- 
ton  :— see  Nov.  25  1724. 

23.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife.    Feign  well  =  Milward  : 
Obediah  Prim  =  Hippisley  :   Sir  Philip  Modelove  = 
Chapman  :  Ann  Lovely  (probably)  =  Mrs.  Younger : 
—rest  omitted Ann  Lovely  was  Mrs.  Bullock's 

part. 

24.  Don  Quixote.     Don  Quixote  =  Boheme :  Am- 
brosio  =  Chapman :  Chaplain  =  Bullock  :  Marcella  = 
Miss  Fenton : — rest  omitted. 

26.  Busy  Body.  Miranda  =  Mrs.  Younger: — with, 
never  acted,  Cobler's  Opera.  Old  Pyefleet  =  Hippis- 
ley :  Harry  Pyefleet  =  Laguerre :  Melton  =  Hall : 
Lieutenant  =  Chapman  :  Sailor  =  H.  Bullock  :  Cob- 
ler  =  Hippisley:  PI  ay  er  =  Mil  ward  :  Peg  Welfleet  = 
Mrs.  Egleton :  Jenny  Melton  =  Miss  Warren  : — 
Harry  and  Jenny  are  on  the  point  of  being  married 
privately — Peg  Welfleet,  who  is  in  love  with  Harry, 
endeavours  to  break  the  match  —Harry  is  taken  by 


L.  r.  F.   1727-1728.  227 

a  press  gang,  but  afterwards  released — at  the  conclu- 
sion Harry  and  Jenny  are  married  with  the  consent 
of  their  fathers— this  musical  trifle  was  written  by 
Ryan  the  actor — it  is  not  without  some  degree  of 
humour — on  June  11  1731  it  was  acted  at  D.  L.  as 
the  Amours  of  Billingsgate — the  Cooler's  Opera  was 
printed  at  Dublin  in  1729 — this  edition  states  Mis- 
tress Hippisley  as  acting  Apleek,  a  Welsh  Oyster- 
woman,  who  is  with  child  by  Harry— the  part  was  no 
doubt  acted  by  Mister  Hippisley — see  C.  G.  April 
24  1739. 

29.  For  bt.  of  Polly  (Miss  Fenton.)  Strategem. 
Cherry  =  Miss  Fenton. 

Miss  Lavinia  Fenton  quitted  the  stage  at  the  end 
of  this  season — she  was  afterwards  Duchess  of  Bol- 
ton — for  farther  particulars  of  her,  see  Cooke's  Life  of 
Macklin,  page  41. 

There  is  a  very  good  print  of  the  original  perform- 
ers in  the  Beggar's  Opera — Act  3.  Scene  II — Mrs. 
Egleton  is  on  her  knees  to  Hall  and  Miss  Fenton  to 
Hippisley — Walker  is  in  the  middle — the  Duke  of 
Bolton  is  the  principal  figure  in  the  stage-box. 

May  4.  Miss  Fenton's  2d  bt.  Beggar's  Opera, 
47th  time. 

11.  Old  Batchelor.     Sharper  =  Mil  ward. 

18.  Provoked  Wife.  Razor  =  Chapman  :  Lady 
Brute  =  Mrs  Berriman  : — see  March  19  1726. 

29.  Jew  of  Venice.     Shylock  =  Ogden. 

30.  Country  Wife. 

June  19.   Beggar's  Opera  62d  time — last  play. 

The  note  to  the  Dunciad,  as  above  quoted,  says 
this  Opera  was  acted  63  times  without  intermission 
— the  latter  part  of  this  assertion  is  manifestly  wrong; 

Q  2 


228  HAY.  1728.— D.  L.  1728-1729. 

and  there  seems  no  good  reason  to  suppose  that  the 
former  part  is  correct.    (Bills  from  B.  M. ) 


HAY.  1728. 

Penelope — this  is  a  burlesque  Opera  in  3  short  acts 
— there  is  a  slight  degree  of  humour  in  the  dialogue, 
but  none  at  all  in  turning  Ulysses  and  Penelope  into 
such  low  characters  as  a  sergeant  in  the  grenadiers 
and  the  keeper  of  an  alehouse, 

Lottery — the  author  of  this  piece  is  unknown — it 
is  a  dull  C.  in  5  acts  without  any  particular  fault. 


D.  L.  1728.1729. 

The  theatre  opened  Sep.  7th,  but  it  does  not  ap- 
pear with  what  play. 

12.  Love  for  Love— only  bill  for  September. 

Oct.  1.  Theodosius.  Varanes=Elringtori : — owing 
to  Booth's  illness  he  was  at  this  time  the  great  sup- 
port of  this  theatre  in  Tragedy — for  Elrington  see 
Irish  Stage  1732. 

3.  Committee.    Mrs.  Day  =  Mrs.  Wetherhilt. 


D.  L.  1728-1729.  229 

5.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn  =  Elrington  :  Zara  = 
Mrs.  Porter :  Almeria  =  Mrs.  Thurmond :  Boman 
acted  his  original  part  of  Heli. 

8.  Distressed  Mother.  Orestes  =  Elrington :  Pyrr- 
hus  =  Williams. 

10.  Rule  a  Wife 12.   Othello  =  Elrington. 

15.  Orphan.  Castalio  =  Wilks  :  Chamont  =  El- 
rington :  Polydore  is  omitted:  Chaplain  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Monimia  =  Mrs.  Porter  :  Serena  =  Mrs. 
Cibber. 

17.  Constant  Couple.  Lady  Darling  =  Mrs.  Moore. 

18.  Henry  4th  part2d.     King  =  Elrington. 

19.  Provoked  Husband 21.  Relapse. 

22.  Fair  Penitent.   Lothario  =  Elrington  :  Lavinia 
=  Mrs.  Horton. 

23.  Funeral.     Lord  Brumpton  =  Williams. 

21.  Tender  Husband 25.  Double  Gallant. 

29-  Henry  8th.     King  =  Harper. 

30.  Don  John 31.  Strategem. 

There  are  no  bills  for  Nov. 

Nov.  9.  Booth  is  dangerously  ill  at  his  house  in 
Charles  Street  C.  G. 

14.  Young  Leigh  at  D.  L.  had  his  arms  broken 
by  the  Machinery  in  Perseus  and  Andromeda,  being 
let  down  too  rapidly  at  Rehearsal.  (B.  M.) 

Chetwood  in  1749  says — "  Ralph  Elrington  some 
"years  ago  was  admired  as  Harlequin;  in  one  of  his 
"  feats  of  activity  he  was  much  hurt,  and  was  in  some 
"  danger  of  breaking  his  neck  to  please  the  specta- 
tors; yet  this  unlucky  spring  met  with  universal 
"  applause — I  remember  a  Tumbler  at  the  Hay. 
"  who  by  such  an  accident  beat  the  breath  out  of 
"  his  body,  this  raised  such  vociferous  applause  as 


230  D.  L.   1728-1729. 

"  lasted  longer  than  the  man's  life,  for  he  never 
"  breathed  more — Another  accident  like  this  fell  out 
"  in  Dr.  Faustus  at  L.  I.  F.,  where  a  machine  in  the 
"  working  broke,  and  threw  down  the  mock  Pierrot 
"  headlong  with  such  force,  that  the  poor  man  broke 
"  a  plank  on  the  stage  with  his  fall  and  expired— 
"•Another  was  so  sorely  maimed,  that  he  did  not 
"  survive  many  days — and  a  third,  a  female,  broke 
"  her  thigh — but  to  prevent  such  accidents  for  the 
"  future,  those  persons  are  represented  by  inani- 
"  mate  figures,  so  that  if  they  break  a  neck,  a  leg, 
"  or  an  arm,  there  needs  no  surgeon — Another  acci- 
"  dent  of  the  same  kind  happened  in  Smock-Alley, 
"  which  gave  me  much  concern,  as  having  a  hand 
"  in  the  contrivance — the  late  Mr.  Morgan  being 
"to  fly  on  the  back  of  a  witch  in  the  Lancashire 
"  Witches,  through  the  ignorance  of  the  workers  in 
"  the  machinery,  the  Fly  broke,  and  they  both  fell 
"  together,  but  through  Providence  they  neither  of 
"  them  were  much  hurt;  and  such  care  was  taken 
"  afterwards  that  no  accident  of  that  kind  could 
"  happen." 

Nov.  18.  Mrs.  Oldfield  is  very  ill  at  her  house  in 
Grosvenor  Street. 

Dec.  2.  Scornful  Lady  =  Mrs.  Oldfield. 

6.  Macbeth  =  Mills:    Macduff=  Elrington  :    Lady 
Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Porter. 

7.  Careless  Husband—  —13.  Rehearsal. 
14.  Cato  =  Elrington. 

21.  All  for  Love.     Antony  =  Elrington. 
26.  Albion  Queens. 

Jan.  2.  Tempest.      Prospero  =  Mills  :     Ferdinand 
=:Wilks  :  Caliban  is  omitted  :  Stephano = Shepherd  : 


D.  L.   1728-1729. 

Hippolito  =  Mrs.  Gibber  :  Trincalo  =  Miller  :  Ven- 
toso  =  Norris  :  Mustache  =  Harper  :  Ariel  =  Miss 
Robinson,  Jun  :  Miranda  =  Mrs.  Booth  :  Dorinda  = 
Miss  Raftor :  —  Mies  Raftor  (afterwards  Mrs.  Clive) 
had  an  early  turn  for  the  stage — she  told  Chetwood 
that  when  she  was  about  12  years  old,  Miss  Johnson 
(afterwards  married  to  Theo.  Gibber)  and  herself 
used  to  tag  after  Wilks  (her  own  words)  wherever 
they  saw  him,  and  gape  at  him  as  a  wonder. 

Miss  Raftor  had  a  facetious  turn  of  humour  and 
infinite  spirits,  with  a  voice  and  manner,  in  singing 
songs  of  pleasantry,  peculiar  to  herself — this  induced 
Theo.  Gibber  and  Chetwood  to  recommend  her  to 
Colley  Gibber  ;  who,  the  moment  he  heard  her  sing, 
put  her  down  in  the  list  of  performers  at  20s.  per 
week — her  first  appearance  was  in  boy's  clothes  as 
Ismenes,  Page  to  Ziphares,  in  Mithridates  ;  the  cha- 
racter had  a  song  suited  to  the  circumstances  of  the 
scene,  which  she  performed  with  extraordinary 
applause — this  was  probably  in  Nov. — Miss  Raftor 
was  then  17,  and  never  did  any  person  of  her  age 
fly  to  perfection  with  such  rapidity.  (Chetwood?) 

7.  Never  acted,  a  new  Pastoral  called  Love  in  a 
Riddle.  Areas  (a  nobleman)  —  Mills  :  JEgon  (his 
friend)  =  Harper  :  Amyntas  =  Williams  :  Iphis  = 
Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Philautus  (a  conceited  courtier) 
=  Gibber  :  Damon  =  Ray  :  Cimon  =  Miller  :  Mopsus 
=  Gates  :  Corydon  =  Griffin  :  lanthe  =  Mrs.  Gibber  : 
Phillida  (the  daughter  of  Corydon)  =  Mrs.  Raftor : 
Pastora  =  Mrs.  Lindar  : — the  appellation  of  Miss 
was  at  this  time  come  into  fashion,  but  not  univer- 
sally adopted — the  same  actress  in  the  same  year  is 
called  both  Mrs.  and  Miss  Raftor the  scene  of 


232  D.  L..  1728-1729. 

this    Pastoral    lies  in   Arcadia — Areas    and 
had  exchanged  children — Amyntas  and  lanthe  are 
really   the  children  of  Areas,  but  are  supposed  to 
be  the  children  of  .ZEgon — Iphis  and  Pastora  are 
supposed  to  be  the  son  and  daughter  of  Areas,  but 
are  really  the  son  and  daughter  of  ^Egon— Amyntas 
and  Pastora  are  mutually  in  love — so  are  Iphis  and 
lanthe — lanthe    however  rejects  the  love  of  Iphis 
from  a  slight  quarrel  which  she   has  to  him — she 
promises  to  be  reconciled,   if  he  can  expound  an 
oracle  which   Diana  has   given   to   her — Philautus 
attempts   to  ravish  lanthe — Iphis  rescues  her — he 
also  expounds  the  riddle — and  they  are  reconciled— 
in  the  underplot,  Cimon  and  Mopsus  are  in  love 
with  Phillida — she  is  in  love  with  Damon — Damon 
likes  her,  but  protests  against  marriage — at  the  con- 
clusion he  marries  her — this  Opera  was  written  by 
Gibber — a  Pastoral  is  so  unnatural   a  thing  that  it 
requires   a  great  deal  of  good  poetry  to  make  it 
tolerable — it  may  easily  be  conceived  that  Gibber's 
is  not  of  that  nature — his  serious  scenes  are  very 
dull,  and  some  few  expressions  occur  very  ill  suited 
to  a  Pastoral — Damon  and  ^Egon  are  good  comic 
characters — the  Epilogue  is  also  good — it  was  sung 
by  Harper — on  the  first  night  this  piece  was  vilely 
hooted,  on  the  second,  the  Prince  of  Wales  being 
present  and  the  clamour  repeated,  Gibber  stept  for- 
ward to  the  Pit,  and  told  the  audience  that   since 
they  were  not  inclined  the  play  should  go  on,  he 
gave  them  his  word  that  after  that  night,  it  should 
never  be  acted  again  ;    but  in  the  mean  time   he 
hoped  they  would  consider  in  whose  presence  they 
were,  and  for  that  reason  suspend  any  farther  marks 


D.  L.  1728-17*9. 

of  their  displeasure.  While  Miss  Raftor  was  singing 
the  riot  ceased — Chetwood  says,  that  a  person  in 
the  stage  box  next  to  his  post  (as  Prompter)  called 
out  to  his  companion,  "  Zounds  Tom !  take  care,  or 
"  that  charming  little  Devil  will  save  all." 

Gibber,  not  long  after,  formed  the  best  scenes  of 
Love  in  a  Riddle  into  a  Musical  Entertainment — 
they  have  been  frequently  acted  as  Damon  and 
Phillida. 

Jan.  9.  Orphan.     Polydore  =  Williams. 

11.  King  Lear  =  Mills  :  Edgar  =  Elrington. 

13.  Chances 17.  Provoked  Wife. 

18.  William  Congreve  Esq.  died  in  Surry  Street 
Strand,  aged  51. 

20.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Honoria  =  Miss  Raftor. 

21.  Humorous  Lieutenant — 24.  Old  Batchelor. 
25.  Mithridates.     Monima  =  Mrs.  Gibber. 

28.  Henry  4th  part   1st.     Hotspur  =  Elrington : 
Glendower  =  Gibber  :  Hostess  =  Mrs.  Willis. 

29.  Silent  Woman.     Dol  Mavis  =  Mrs.  Gibber. 
31.  Volpone  =  Mills  :  Mosca  =  Wilks  :   Corbaccio 

= Johnson :  Corvino  =  Gibber  :  Sir  Politick  Wou'dbe 
Norris :  Lady  Wou'dbe  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Celia  =  Mrs. 
Booth. 

Feb.  3.  Alchemist.     Abel  Drugger  =  Miller. 

4.   Tamerlane. 

6.  Never  acted,  Village  Opera.  Sir  Nicholas  Wise- 
acre =  Harper :  Young  Freeman  =  Williams :  Lucas 
(an  old  gardener)  =  Johnson :  Brush  (servant  to  young 
Freeman)  =  Miller:  File  (servant  to  Sir  NVilliam 
Freeman)  =  Oates  :  Sir  William  Freeman  =  Griffin  : 
Hobinol  =  Berry :  Cloddy  =  Ray  :  Betty  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond  :  Rosella  (daughter  to  Sir  Nicholas)  = 


234  D.  L.  1728-1729. 

Miss  Raftor :  Lady  Wiseacre  =  Mrs.  Shireburn  : 
Peggy  =  Mrs.  Grace  :  Dolly  =  Mrs.  Mills  :  Susan  = 
Mrs.  Roberts : — Sir  Nicholas  and  Sir  William  had 
agreed  that  their  children  should  be  married  together 

—the  young  people  had  not  seen  one  another — Ro- 
sella  is  in  love  with  Hartwell — Young  Freeman  is  in 
love  with  Betty — he  had  hired  himself  to  Sir  Nicholas 
as  a  gardener,  and  assumed  the  name  of  Colin — Betty 
had  eloped  from  her  father  to  avoid  a  match  which 
she  did  not  like — she  is  entertained  by  Rosella  as  her 
servant,  but  treated  as  a  friend — she  is  in  love  with 
Colin — Hobinol  and  Cloddy  desert  Peggy  and  Susan 
— and  make  love  to  Betty — Sir  Nicholas  expects 
Young  Freeman — he  means  to  have  his  daughter 
married  directly — Sir  William  sends  File  with  an 
excuse  to  Sir  Nicholas  as  his  son  had  disappeared— 
File  meets  with  Brush,  who  is  an  old  acquaintance — 
they  agree  that  Brush  should  assume  the  character 
of  his  master — and  endeavour  to  marry  Rosella — 
Sir  Nicholas  believes  Brush  to  be  Young  Freeman— 
Colin  learns  from  Betty  what  is  going  forward — he 
presents  himself  to  Sir  Nicholas  in  his  proper  cha- 
racter— Sir  Nicholas  insists  that  Brush  is  his  friend's 
son,  and  Young  Freeman  an  impostor — Sir  William 
Freeman  arrives — Brush  and  File  beg  pardon — Sir 
William  consents  that  Young  Freeman  should  marry 
Betty — Sir  Nicholas  consents  to  Rosella's  union  with 
Hartwell — the  1st  act  concludes  with  a  statute  scene 

—this  piece  was  written  by  C.  Johnson — it  is  very 
superiour  to  the  generality  of  Operas  ;  Lucas  in  par- 
ticular is  a  good  character — there  is  a  striking  simi- 
larity between  the  underplot  of  this  piece  and  Neck 
or  Nothing — see  D.  L.  Nov.  18  1766— Love  in  a 


D.  L.   1723-1729. 

Village  is  in  a  great  degree  stolen  from  the  Village 
Opera— see  C.  G.  Dec.  8  1762. 
Feb.  15.  Man  of  the  Mode. 

24.  Fatal  Marriage.  Carlos  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Porter 
=  Harper. 

25.  Virtue  Betrayed.     King  =  Harper :   Lady  E. 
Blunt  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

27.  Village  Opera  4th  time — it  had  been  deferred 
on  account  of  Mrs.  Thurmond's  illness. 

March  6.  Sir  Courtly  Nice — the  bills  in  March  are 
defective,  and  there  are  none  in  April  till  the  28th. 

May  1.  Rover.     Valeria  =  Miss  Raftor. 

3.  Mrs.  Butler's  bt. — (she  did  not  act)— Wit  with- 
out Money.  Roger  =  Harper  :  with  What  d'ye  call 
it  ?  Kitty  =  Mrs.  Mills  : — and  a  song  by  Miss  Raftor. 

7.  Henry  4th  part  2d.     King  =  Mills  :    Prince  of 
Wales  =  Wilks :  Pistol  =  Gibber  Jun. : — rest  as  before 

—Mills  wanted  dignity  of  deportment  necessary  to 
represent  the   King,   but  was  above   mediocrity— 
Colley  Gibber  took  unusual  pains  to  instruct  his  son 
in  Pistol — it  became  his  great  part.     (Davies.) 

8.  Funeral.     Lady  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Gibber. 

14.  Chetwood's  bt.  Country  Wife.  Country  Wife 
=  Mrs.  Gibber :  Lady  Fidget  =  Mrs.  Horton :  Alithea 
=  Mrs.  Butler : — with,  never  acted,  Lover's  Opera. 
Justice  Dalton  =  Harper  :  Aminadab  Prim  r=  Griffin : 
Edgar  =  Oates  :  Moody  =  Ray  :  Monsieur  Varole  = 
Miller  :  Squire  Clodpole  =  Berry  :  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond  :  Clara  =  Mrs.  Gibber :  Flora  =  Miss 
Raftor  : — Clara  and  Flora  are  daughters  to  Dalton— 
they  have  independent  fortunes — their  father  wants 
them  to  marry  Prim  and  Clodpole — he  is  to  have 
£4000  for  his  consent — Lucy  pretends  to  side  with 


236  D.  L.    1728-1729. 

Dalton  against  her  mistresses — at  the  conclusion 
Clara  and  Flora  marry  Edgar  and  Moody — Lucy  con- 
trives to  get  herself  married  to  Prim — Clodpole 
marries  Varole,  who  is  disguised  as  a  woman — this 
musical  trifle  was  written  by  Chetwood  himself. 

16.  For  the  orphan  children  of  the  late  Mr.  Far. 
quhar — Recruiting  Officer.  Balance  =  Mills  :  Rose 
=  Mrs.  Roberts  : — rest  as  before. 

20.  Love's  last  Shift.     Hillaria  =  Mrs.  Horton  :- 
to-morrow  night  will  be  the  last  night  of  acting  unless 
commanded. 

21.  Wright's  bt.     Love  for  Love. 


Summer. 

26.  Timon  of  Athens.     Phseax  =  Harper. 

28.  Tempest.     Caliban  ~  Johnson. 

There  are  no  bills  for  June. 

July  4.  Second  time  for  15  years,  Country  Lasses. 
Sir  John  English  =  Griffin  :  Shacklefigure  =  Norris  : 
Vultur  =  Berry :  Doublej  ugg  =  Burnet :  Aura  =  Mrs. 
Gibber :  Flora  =  Mrs.  Heron  : — rest  omitted — with 
Phebe,  or  Beggar's  Wedding — this  Opera  was  printed 
in  1729  with  the  following  cast — Hunter  =  Mrs. 
Roberts  :  Chaunter  =  Bridgewater  :  Justice  Quorum 
=  Fielding  :  Grigg  =  Berry  :  Cant  =  Gibber  Jun. : 
Gage  =  Lacy  :  Mump  =  Roberts  :  Phebe  =  Miss 
Raftor:  Tippet  =  Mrs.  Heron :  Mrs.  Chaunter  =  Mrs. 
Shireburn  :  Tib  Tatter  =  Mrs.  Willis  :— for  the  plot 
see  Hay.  17^9 — the  piece  seems  to  have  been  acted 
at  that  theatre  before  it  was  acted  at  D.  L. — the  ori- 


D.L.  1728-1729.  237 

ginal  three  acts  were  now  reduced  to  one  long  act — 
there  was  not  a  vast  deal  omitted. 

11.  Not  acted  6  years,  Duke  and  no  Duke. 

13.  Third  night  these  9  years,  Bonduca. 

18.  Country  Wedding.     Rako  =  Charke  :  Ply  = 
Berry  : — this  piece  came  out  at  L.  I.  F.  May  6  1729. 

25.  Not  acted  10  years,  Whig  and  Tory.  Cobble- 
case  =  Bridgewater  :  Sir  John  Indolent  =  Griffin  : 
Young  Indolent  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Maria  =  M  iss  Raftor : 
— acted  3  times. 

Aug.l.  Anew  Tragi-Comi-Pastoral-Farcical Opera, 
called  Country  Wedding  and  Skimmington. 

5.  Contrivances  with  a  new  Prologue.  Robin  = 
Gibber  Jun. :  Rovewell  —  Charke  :  Arethusa  =  Miss 
Raftor : — the  songs  in  the  Contrivances  will  be  printed 
and  delivered  at  the  theatre  gratis. 

7.  Contrivances,  Country  Wedding,  and  Phebe. 

9.  Last  play — Country  Lasses.  Lurcher  =  Gibber 
Jun.  :  with  Contrivances  and  an  Epilogue  by  Gibber 
Jun. — this  Epilogue  is  preserved  in  the  British  Mu- 
seum, but  it  is  serious,  and  not  worth  quoting. 

An  edition  of  the  London  Cuckolds  was  printed  in 
1729  with  the  following  cast — Wiseacre  —  Shepherd  : 
Doodle  =  Johnson  :  Dashwell  =  Miller  :  Ramble  = 
Wilks:  Townly  =  Mills  :  Loveday  =  W.  Mills  :  Ara- 
bella =  Mrs.  Thurmond :  Eugenia  =  Mrs.  Willis  Jun.: 
Peggy  =  Mrs.  Lindar  :  Aunt  =  Mrs.  Willis  Sen. 


238  L.  i.  F.  1728-1729. 


L.  I.  F.   1728-1729. 

Sep.  16.  Lear  King  of  England. 

18.  Strategem.     Gibbet  =  Chapman. 

20.  Beggar's  Opera.     Polly  =  Miss  Warren. 

Oct.  7-  Othello.  Roderigo  =  Chapman  :  Ludovico 
=  Mil  ward:  Desdemona=Mrs.  Younger. 

9.  Prophetess 23.  Provoked  Wife. 

26.  Rover 29.  Woman's  Revenge. 

Nov.  1.  Hamlet 2.  Busy  Body. 

4.  Tamerlane 8.  Marplot — no  characters. 

11.  CEdipus. 

18  and  19.  Henry  4th  part  1st.    Francis  =  Spiller. 

20.  Julius  Csesar.  Octavius  =  Milward  :  Portia  = 
Mrs.  Bullock :  Calphurnia  =  Mrs.  Buchanan  : — the 
bills  do  not  mention  Mrs.  Buchanan  as  a  new  per- 
former, nor  do  they  explain  who  she  was. 

22.  London  Cuckolds. 

24  and  25.  Emperour  of  the  Moon. 

Dec.  3.  Macbeth.  Malcolm  =  Milward  :  Lenox 
=  Walker  :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Berriman  :  Lady 
Macduff=  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

7.  Never  acted,  Virgin  Queen.  Pallantus  =  Ryan  : 
Axartes  =  Quin  :  Phraortes  (a  minister  of  state)  = 
Boheme:  Arsamnes  (his  son)  =  Walker :  Eumenes  = 
Milward :  Olympia  (Queen  of  Persia)  =  Mrs.  Bucha- 
nan :  Artesia  (a  captive  Princess  of  Cyprus)  =  Mrs. 
Younger :  Euryone  (wife  to  Axartes)  =  Mrs.  Tem- 
plar : — acted  3  times — this  T.was  written  by  Barford 
— it  is  a  poor  play  both  as  to  plot  and  language. 

26.  Unhappy  Favourite. 


L.  i.  F.  1728-1729.  239 

28.  Merry  Wives.     Fenton  =  Chapman. 

31.  Old  Batchelor.     Araminta  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

Jan.  1.  Beggar's  Opera  by  Children — acted  9 

nights  successively If  I  am  not  greatly  mistaken, 

I  many  years  ago  saw  an  edition  of  the  Beggar's 
Opera  as  acted  by  Children,  with  Woodward's  name 
to  one  of  the  characters in  the  Thespian  Diction- 
ary he  is  said  to  have  acted  Peachum  at  this  time 
with  great  success. 

13.  Measure  for  Measure.  Duke  =  Quin  :  Lucio 
=  Chapman :  Angelo  =  Milward :  Claudio  =  Ryan  : 
Isabella  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

14  and  15.  Beggar's  Opera  by  the  Lilliputians  — 
they  acted  it — 17 — 21 — 24 — 27  and  Feb.  4 — on  the 
whole  16  times. 

18.  Drummer 20.  Royal  Merchant. 

23.  Jew  of  Venice— 29.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife. 

Feb.  3.  Othello.     Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

5.  Spanish  Fryar 6.  Island  Princess. 

7.  Venice  Preserved.   Jaffier  is  omitted :  Pierre  = 
Quiri :  Renault  =  Chapman :  Priuli  =  Milward  :  An- 
tonio =  Hippisley  :  Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

8.  False  Friend. 

10.  Never  acted,  Themistocles,  the  Lover  of  his 
Country.  Themistocles  (General  to  Xerxes) = Quin: 
Aristides  (General  to  the  Athenians)  =Ryan :  Xerxes 
(King  of  Persia)  =  Walker :  Artaban  and  Mardonius 
(Persians)  =  Chapman  and  Milward  :  Demaratus 
(friend  to  Themistocles)  =  Ogden :  Nesiptolema 
(daughter  to  Themistocles)  =  Mrs.  Buchanan  :  Arte- 
misia (the  warlike  Queen  of  Caria)  =  Mrs.  Berriman: 
—acted  9  times — the  scene  lies  at  Magnesia  in  Asia 

-  Themistocles,  having  been  banished,  had  taken 


240  L.  i.  F.  1728-1729. 

refuge  in  the  Persian  dominions — he  had  conquered 
jJEgypt — and  taken  Aristides  and  other  Grecians  pri- 
soners— he  sets  the  prisoners  free — Aristides  declines 
the  offer  of  liberty — Xerxes  is  in  love  with  Nesipto- 
lema — Artemisia  is  in  love  with  Xerxes— Artaban 
and  Mardonius  accuse  Themistocles  to  Xerxes- 
Artemisia  threatens  Xerxes  to  abandon  his  cause, 
unless  he  will  banish  Themistocles — Xerxes  refuses 
to  do  so — he  marries  Nesiptolema — in  the  3d  act, 
Aristides  and  Themistocles  have  a  conference— 
Aristides  discovers  himself — he  tells  Themistocles 
that  the  Athenians  have  recalled  him — Themistocles 
determines,  if  possible,  to  effect  a  peace  between 
Xerxes  and  the  Athenians — he  introduces  Aristides 
to  Xerxes  as  an  ambassadour — Xerxes  refuses  all  pro- 
posals for  peace,  except  on  conditions  of  subjection 
— Themistocles  interposes  so  far,  that  Xerxes  orders 
his  guards  to  seize  him — Nesiptolema  intercedes  for 
her  father — Xerxes  grants  Themistocles  some  hours 
to  consider  if  he  will  serve  against  the  Grecians- 
Xerxes  is  reconciled  to  Artemisia — he  divorces  him- 
self from  Nesiptolema,  and  banishes  Themistocles— 
the  troops  mutiny  in  favour  of  Themistocles — The- 
mistocles, that  he  may  not  fight  against  his  country, 
nor  be  ungrateful  to  Xerxes,  takes  poison — Aristides 
does  the  same— but  without  any  sufficient  reason— 
Nesiptolema  wishes  to  poison  herself — Themistocles 
prevents  her — she  stabs  herself — Xerxes  enters  be- 
fore Themistocles  dies— he  acknowledges  that  The- 
mistocles had  acted  with  honour this  T.  is 

attributed    to    Dr.  Madden — it   is  on   the  whole  a 

moderate  play — the  language  is  better  than  the  plot 

—the  whole  of  the  plot  is  fiction,   except  the  banish- 


L.  j.  F.  1728-1729.  241 

ment  and  death  of  Themistocles  —  the  absurdity  of 
making  Aristides  one  of  the  D.  P.  is  so  gross,  that  it 
must  be  considered  as  an  unpardonable  fault  —  the 
character  of  Artemisia  is  not  well  managed — Dr. 
Madden  unfortunately  speaks  of  Plebeian  and  Sab- 
bath— when  Xerxes  enters,  all  the  characters,  but 
Themistocles,  prostrate  themselves  before  him— 
Dr.  Madden,  who  had  read  Plutarch  with  attention, 
knew  this  to  be  wrong,  but  for  the  sake  of  doing 
honour  to  his  Hero,  he  has  been  guilty  of  a  wilful 
impropriety. 

24.  Beggar's  Opera  by  the  Comedians  35th  time. 

March  3.  Country  Wife.     Sparkish  =  Chapman  : 
Dorilant  =  Mil  ward. 

4.  Never  acted,  Frederick,  Duke  of  Brunswick- 
Lunenberg.  Frederick  =  Walker  :  Count  Waldec 
(nephew  to  the  Archbishop  of  Mentz)  =  Quin  :  Duke 
of  Wirtemberg  =  Ryan  :  Anspach  =  Mil  ward  :  Ri- 
dolpho  =  Chapman  :  Adelaid  =.  Mrs.  Berriman  : 
Anna  (wife  to  Frederick)  =  Mrs.  Buchanan  : — acted 
3  times — at  the  opening  of  the  play  Frederick  is  just 
elected  Emperour  of  Germany  A.  D.  1400 — he  had 
been  married  3  years — previously  to  his  marriage  he 
had  paid  his  addresses  to  Adelaid,  the  sister  of  Count 
Waldec— no  engagement  had  taken  place  between 
them — Adelaid  was  highly  offended  at  being  deserted 
by  him  —  she  is  still  in  love  with  him  —  the  Duke  of 
Wirtemberg  is  in  love  with  her — Ridolpho  is  the 
deputy  of  the  Archbishop  of  Mentz  at  the  diet — he 
had  secret  orders  from  his  master  to  murder 
Frederick,  if  he  should  not  succeed  in  opposing  his 
election — Waldec  enters  heartily  into  Ridolpho's  de- 
sign—they agree  to  waylay  Frederick  on  his  road  to 

VOJU.   III.  R 


L.  i.  F.  1728-1729. 

Frankfort — Adelaid  overhears  their  conversation— 
she  writes  a  letter  to  Frederick,  to  request  he  would 
give  her  a  private  audience  in  her  apartment,  as  she 
had  something  to  communicate  to  him  of  high  im- 
portance to  himself — the  letter  falls  into  Waldec's 
hands — Frederick  comes  to  Adelaid  as  she  desired— 
Ridolpho,  Waldec  and  others  rush  in  with  drawn 
swords,  and  fall  upon  the  Emperour — the  Duke  of 
Wirtemberg  defends  him — Anhalt  &c.  come  to  his 
assistance — Ridolpho  is  killed — the  Emperour  and 
Waldec  are  mortally  wounded this  is  an  indif- 
ferent T.  by  Mrs.  Hay  wood— the  subject  is  not  well 
calculated  for  the  drama — the  love  scenes  are  dull 
— Mrs.  Haywood  dedicates  her  play  to  the  Prince  of 
Wales— her  object  in  writing  it,  was  to  represent  one 
of  his  ancestors  as  raised  to  the  imperial  dignity  for 
his  great  virtues — Voltaire,  in  his  annals  of  the 
Empire,  gives  no  character  of  Frederick,  he  only  says 
that  he  was  murdered  by  a  Count  of  Valdec,  while 
he  was  preparing  for  his  coronation. 

10,  Quin's  bt.  Double  Dealer.    Brisk  =  Chapman. 

17.  Ryan's  bt.  Strategem  and  Cooler's  Opera. 

20.  Mrs.  Younger's  bt.  Country  Wife  and  (never 
acted  there)  What  d'ye  call  it?  Kitty  Carrot  =  Mrs. 
Younger. 

27.  Volpone.  Sir  Politick  =  Chapman  :  Cor  vino  = 
Walker. 

Aprils.  Pilgrim.     Mad  Scholar  =  Milward. 

10.  Love's  last  Shift.  Sir  Novelty  Fashion  = 
Hawker :  Sir  W.  Wisewou'd  =  Hippisley :  Elder 
Worthy  =  Milward  :  Younger  Worthy  =  Walker  : 
Sly  =  Bullock  :  Hillaria  =  Mrs.  Buchanan  :  —  rest 
omitted. 


L.  i.  F.  1728-1729.  243 

1L  Fortune  Hunters.     Sophia  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

15.  Recruiting  Officer.     Brazen  =  Chapman. 

17.  Mistake.  Al  varez  =  Mil  ward  :  Lopez  r=  Chap- 
in  an. 

19.  Turibridge  Walks.  Squib^  Pinkethman  Son 
of  the  famous  Will  Pinkethman. 

24.  Confederacy.  Brass  =  Chapman  :  Dick  = 
Walker :  Moneytrap  =  Hippisley :  Clarissa  =  Mrs. 
Bullock:  Flippanta  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

30.  Amorous  Widow.  Merryman  =  Pinkethman  : 
Clodpole  =  Bullock  :  Philadelphia  —  Mrs.  Younger. 

May  2.  Cheats  of  Scapin — an  edition  of  this  Farce 
is  published  with  the  following  cast,  which  was  in  all 
probability  the  cast  of  this  evening — Scapin  =  Hip- 
pisley :  Shift  =  Chapman  :  Thrifty^  Bullock  :  Gripe 
=  Ogden :  Sly  —  Clarke  :  Lucia  =  Miss  Warren  : 
Clara  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

3.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  =  Chapman  :  Miranda  = 
Miss  Holliday. 

5.  Beggar's  Opera.     Polly  =  Miss  Cantrell. 

6.  Never  acted,   Wedding.     Peartree  =  Salway  : 
Rako   (his  friend)  =  Hawker  :  Ply  =  Hall:  Margery 
=  Mrs.  Cantrel :  Mother  to  Margeiy  =  Mrs.  Egleton : 
— acted  about   twice  —  Peartree,  a  Gardener,  is  in 
love  with  Margery,  a  fruit-gatherer — her  mother  in- 
sists that  she  should  marry  Ply,  who  is  a  rich  water- 
man— at  the  conclusion,  Ply  is  arrested  for  dealing 
in  smuggled  goods — the  mother  consents  to  the  union 
of  Peartree  and  Margery — this  Tragi-Comi-Pastoral- 
Farsical  Opera  was  written  by  Hawker,  who  acted 
Rako — it  is  a  mere  trifle,  but  as  such  not  bad — the 
author  has  introduced  anHudibrastickSkimmington, 
which  he  thus  explains— 

11  2 


244  L.  i.  F.  1728-1729. 


"  There  was  at  neighbour  Stitch's  house  a  fray  : 
"  He  being  but  a  Taylor  had  the  worse, 
"  And  the  Grey-Mare  e'en  proved  the  better  horse: 
"And  that  the  shrew's  great  courage  may  be 

"  known, 
"  They  ride  to  day  forsooth  a  Skimmington." 

"  Enter  the  Skimmington — the  March  sung  by  the 
"  women  who  pioceed  the  ceremony" — in  the  Farce 
as  printed  there  is  a  cut  from  Hudibras  (see  Canto  2d 
part  2d)  representing  a  ludicrous  procession — a  shift 
and  petticoat  are  carried  in  triumph — the  wife  rides 
before  her  husband,  he  rides  with  his  head  to  the 
horse's  tail. 

It  should  be  observed  that  Hawker  calls  his  piece 
simply  "  the  Wedding" — when  it  was  brought  out  at 
D.  L.  it  was  called  the  "  Country  Wedding,"  tho'  the 

scene  lies  only  at  Fulham the  Editor  of  the  B.  D. 

says — "  Country  Wedding  and  Skimmington  was 
"  acted  at  D.  L. — it  has  25  (23)  airs,  and  was  com- 
"  posed  for  the  young  company  in  the  summer." 

Country  Wedding,  or  the  Cocknies  bit,  a  ballad 
Farce  in  one  act,  was  printed  in  1749  as  acted  at  the 
Hay. — there  are  no  performers'  names — it  is  a  pleas- 
ing trifle— the  plot  might  be  borrowed  from  May*s 
Heir — Dolly  is  the  daughter  of  a  country  farmer — 
she  is  in  love  with  Roger — her  father  means  to 
marry  her  to  a  Londoner — she  pretends  to  be  with 
child— and  he  is  glad  to  have  her  married  to  Roger 
— when  the  ceremony  is  over,  the  father  is  told  of 
the  trick  that  had  been  played  on  him. 

The  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  says  that  this  piece  is  the 


L.  i.  F.  1728-1729. 

same  as  Hawker's  Country  Wedding,  which  is  a 
gross  and  unpardonable  mistake — he  afterwards  de- 
tails the  plot  of  the  Cocknies  bit,  as  the  plot  of  the 
Country  Wedding,  or  Love  in  a  Dale — the  whole  of 
the  account  in  the  B.  D.  is  confused  and  incorrect— 
the  Editor  had  either  not  read  Hawker's  piece  and 
the  Cocknies  bit,  or  else  had  totally  forgotten  them. 

15.  Fond  Husband. 

19.  Flora.      Friendly  =  Walker :     Sir    Thomas  = 
Hippisley. 

21.  Beggar's  Opera  43d  time — this  number  seems 
to  be  exclusive  of  the  Lilliputians. 

27.  Strategem  — no  more  bills — (Bills  from  B.  M. ) 

The  great  success  of  the  Beggar's  Opera  encou- 
raged the  author  to  write  a  second  part,  called  Polly 
— when  it  was  ready  for  Rehearsal  it  was  suppressed 
by  the  Lord  Chamberlain — there  can  be  no  doubt  of 
its  having  been  forbidden  to  be  acted,  not  so  much 
for  any  thing  contained  in  it,  as  out  of  a  mean,  dirty, 
pitiful  spirit  of  revenge  for  the  honest  and  open 

satire  of  the  Beggar's  Opera Polly  was  published 

by  Subscription,  and  Gay  is  said  to  have  made  much 
more  money  than  he  would  have  done  by  the  repre- 
sentation— see  Hay.  1777  June  19- 

Gay  says  in  his  preface — "  It  was  on  Saturday 
"  morning  Dec.  7  17^8  that  I  waited  upon  the  Lord 
"  Chamberlain  ;  I  desired  to  have  the  honour  of 
"  reading  the  Opera  to  his  grace,  but  was  ordered 
"  to  leave  it  with  him,  which  I  did  ;  upon  expecta- 
*'  tion  of  having  it  returned  on  the  Monday  following  ; 
"  but  I  had  it  not  till  Thursday  Dec.  12th,  when  I 
"  received  it  from  his  grace  with  this  answer  ;  '  that 
"  it  was  not  allowed  to  be  acted,  but  commanded  to 


246  HAY.    1729. 

"  be  supprest' — this  was  told  me  in  general,  without 
"  any  reasons  assigned,  or  any  charge  against  me 

"  of  my  having  given  any  particular   offence 

"  Since  this  prohibition  I  have  been  told,  that  I  am 
"  accused,  in  general  terms,  of  having  written  many 
"  disaffected  libels  and  seditious  pamphlets — as  it  has 
"  ever  been  my  utmost  ambition  (if  that  word  may 
"  be  used  on  this  occasion)  to  lead  a  quiet  and 
"  inoffensive  life,  I  thought  my  innocence  in  this 
"  particular  would  never  have  required  a  justifica- 
"  tion ;  and  as  this  kind  of  writing  is  what  I  have 
"  ever  detested  and  never  practised,  I  am  persuaded 
"  so  groundless  a  calumny  can  never  be  believed, 

"  but  by  those  who  do  not  know  me" It  appears 

from  this  preface  that  Stede  was  Prompter  at 
L.  I.  F. 


HAY.  1729. 

Royal  Captives — this  T.  is  founded  on  the  Hecuba 
of  Euripides,  but  with  one  material  alteration — it  is 
a  poor  play — the  author  in  a  modest  preface  says 
that  he  was  but  16,  when  he  wrote  it. 

Patron,  or  Statesman's  Opera — this  piece  is  in  2 
acts — it  is  printed  without  a  date,  but  it  was  acted 
in  1728  or  1729.  Lord  Falcon  (a  minister  of  state, 
Patron  to  Merit)  =  Hulett :  Sir  Jolly  Glee  (his  friend, 
in  love  with  Mrs.  Rhubarb)  =  Giffard :  Merit  (a 
gentleman  undone  by  depending  on  Lord  Falcon)  = 
Reynolds:  Stout  (his  friend)  =  Gillow  :  Pointer  (a 


HAY.    1729.  217 

pimp)  —  Pearce  :  Peggy  Lure  (a  woman  of  the  to\vu, 
a  pretended  wife  to  Merit)  =5  Mre.  Nokes  : — this  is 
very  far  from  being  a  bad  piece — Peggy  Lure,  as 
Mrs.  Merit,  attends  Lord  Falcon's  levee — he  is 
pleased  with  her  beauty,  and  gives  Merit  a  patent 
place  of  £400  a-year,  on  condition  of  her  not  being 
ungrateful — she  passes  herself  on  Sir  Jolly  as  Mrs. 
Rhubarb  and  gets  £500  from  him — Lord  Falcon  and 
Sir  Jolly  meet  at  Merit's  and  are  surprised  to  find 
that  they  have  been  both  taken  in  by  the  same 
woman,  and  that  she  is  not  Merit's  wife. 

Hurlothrumbo,  or  the  Supernatural— this  is  a 
strange  play — Johnson,  the  author  of  it,  was  a 
dancing  master  from  Cheshire,  and  evidently  half 
mad — Whincop  says — "  this  play  was  acted  for 
"  above  30  nights  running — so  great  a  heap  of  non- 
"  sense  and  absurdities  was  never  packed  together ; 
"  but  to  those  who  had  the  ill  nature  to  be  delighted 
"  with  seeing  a  man  make  a  fool  of  himself,  it  afforded 
"  an  uncommon  pleasure — the  author  played  Lord 
"  Flame  himself,  speaking  sometimes  in  one  key, 
"  and  sometimes  in  another,  sometimes  dancing, 
"  sometimes  fiddling,  and  sometimes  walking  upon 
"  stilts— he  brought  out  a  similar  piece  the  next 
"  year,  but  without  success,  the  town  being  surfeited 
"  with  that  sort  of  writing." 

Beggar's  Wedding — Chaunter  is  the  King  of  the 
Beggars— Hunter  is  his  reputed  son — Chaunter  had 
brought  him  up  as  a  Gentleman — Phebe  is  the 
reputed  daughter  of  Quorum— Hunter  and  Phebe 
are  mutually  in  love — at  the  conclusion  Hunter 
turns  out  to  be  Quorum's  son — Quorum  says  Phebe 
is  not  his  daughter — and  consents  to  her  union  with 


248  D.  L.  1729-1730. 

Hunter — the  Beggar's  Wedding  is  then  celebrated — 
Grigg  is  the  bridegroom — and  Tib  Tatter  the  bride 
— Quorum  wants  Chaunter  to  quit  his  way  of  life — • 
he  refuses  to  do  so — this  ballad  Opera  was  written 
by  Colley — it  seems  to  have  come  out  at  Dublin, 
and  then  to  have  been  acted  at  this  Theatre — it  has 
a  tolerable  share  of  low  humour. 

Love  and  Revenge,  or  the  Vintner  outwitted — 
this  piece  is  merely  Woman's  Revenge  turned  into 
an  Opera  with  slight  alterations — it  was  printed 
without  a  date — in  all  probability  it  was  acted  in  the 
season  of  1729-1730. 


D.  L.  1729-1730. 

In  the  Biographia  Dramatica  Sir  Richard  Steele 
is  said  to  have  died  Sept.  21  17^9,  after  having 
retired  to  his  seat  near  Carmarthen  in  Wales — but 
Victor  in  his  120th  letter  says — "  Steele  left  London 
"  in  1725,  and  retired  to  Hereford,  where  he  was 
"  lodged  and  boarded  at  the  house  of  a  mercer,  who 
"  was  his  agent,  and  receiver  of  the  rents  of  an 
"  encumbered  estate  of  £600  a  year,  which  Sir 

"  Richard  obtained  by  his  late  wife 1  was  told,  he 

"  retained  his  cheerful  sweetness  of  temper  to  the 
"  last;  and  would  often  be  carried  out  in  a  summer's 
"  evening,  where  the  country  lads  and  lasses  were 


D.  L.  1729-1730.  249 

"  assembled  at  their  rural  sports — and  with  his  pencil 
"  give  an  order  on  his  agent,  the  mercer,  for  a  new 
"  gown  to  the  best  dancer." 

Dr.  Johnson  in  his  life  of  Addison  says — "  Steele 
"  whose  imprudence  of  generosity,  or  vanity  of  pro- 
"  fusion,  kept  him  always  incurably  necessitous, 
"  upon  some  pressing  exigence,  in  an  evil  hour, 
"  boiTowed  £100  of  his  friend  Addison,  probably 
"  without  much  purpose  of  repayment ;  but  Addison 
"  who  seems  to  have  had  other  notions  of  £100, 
"  grew  impatient  of  delay,  and  reclaimed  his  loan 
"  by  an  execution.  Steele  felt  with  great  sensibility 
"  the  obduracy  of  his  creditor ;  but  with  emotions 
"  of  sorrow  rather  than  of  anger." 

Victor's  account  of  this  matter  is  worth  attention, 
as  it  seems  more  correct  than  Dr.  Johnson's,  and 
places  Addison's  conduct  in  a  veiy  different  light — 
Steele  built  an  elegant  small  house  adjoining  to  the 
side  of  the  Palace  at  Hampton — he  furnished  it 
completely,  and  lived  in  it  a  few  years  with  the 
utmost  delight  j  but  as  he  was  a  stranger  to 
oeconomy  he  was  often  embarrassed — and  at  last 
compelled  to  apply  to  Addison  to  lend  him  a  thousand 
pounds,  on  a  mortgage  of  the  house  and  furniture, 
which  request  was  complied  with,  and  his  attorney 
directed  to  draw  a  bond  and  judgment,  payable  in 
12  months — at  the  expiration  of  which,  Steele  not 
having  the  thousand  pounds  to  repay,  Addison's 

attorney  entered  up  an  execution the  house  and 

furniture  were  sold,  and  the  surplus  arising  to 
Steele  was  sent  him,  with  a  genteel  letter  from 
Addison,  to  assign  his  friendly  reason  for  taking  so 
extraordinary  a  step,  viz.  to  try  (if  possible)  to 


250  D.  L.    1729-1730. 

awake  him  from  that  lethargy,  which  must  end  in 
his  inevitable  ruin.  Steele  received  that  letter  with 
his  usual  philosophical  composure ;  and  met  his  friend 
with  the  same  gaiety  of  temper  that  he  had  always 
done  ;  and  which  subsisted  during  Addison's  life. 
I  Victor  says  he  had  this  anecdote  from  Wilks,  and 
adds — "  during  the  last  year  which  Steele  passed  in 
"  London,  I  seldom  missed  seeing  him  in  some  part 
"  of  every  day — and  being  always  delighted  with  his 
"  old  stories,  I  ventured  when  I  found  him  in  the 
"  vein,  to  mention  the  above  remarkable  anecdote— 
"  he  told  me  it  was  literally  true — and  that  he  re- 
"  ceived  it,  as  he  believed  it  was  meant  by  his  friend, 
"  to  do  him  service" 

The  Theatre  opened  Sep.  11,  but  there  are  no  bills 
till— Sep.  20.  Othello = Mills:  Bianca=MissRaftor. 

23.   Henry  4th  part  2d 25.  Henry  8th. 

29.  Mourning  Bride.     Osmyn  =  Mills  :  King  — 
W.   Mills  :   Gonzalez  =  Cory :  Garcia  =  Williams  : 
Zara  =  Mrs.  Porter:  Almeria  =. Mrs.  Thurmond. 

30.  Relapse,    Young  Fashion  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Lory 
=  Harper :   Surgeon  =  Norris. 

No  bills  for  Oct. — Nov. — or  Dec. — except — Dec. 
31.     Tamerlane. 

Jan.  1.  Don  John 2.  Funeral. 

3.  Humorous  Lieutenant 6.  Tempest. 

9.  Never  acted,  Humours  of  Oxford.  Gainlove  = 
Wilks  :  Haughty  and  Conundrum  (two  Fellows  of  a 
College) = Harper  and  Griffin:  Ape-all = Gibber:  Col. 
Trumore  =  Mills  :  Shamwell  =  Bridgewater  :  Old 
Ape-all  =  Roberts:  Timothy  (his  servant)  =  Norris  : 
Vice  Chancellor  =  W.  Mills :  Dash  (a  drawer)  = 
Oates  :  Lady  Science  (a  great  pretender  to  learning) 


D.  L.   1729-1730.  251 

=  Mrs.  Porter  :  Clarinda  (her  niece)  =  Mrs.  Oldfield : 
Victoria  (her  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Booth  :  Kitty  (an 
Oxford  Jilt)  =  Miss  Raftor  :  Haughty's  Wife  =  Mrs. 
Grace: — acted  7  times — Gainlove' s  father,  out  of 
partiality  for  his  younger  brother,  had  sent  him  to 
seek  his  fortune  with  a  portion  of  £500 — they  had 
not  seen  one  another  for  10  years — Gainlove  had  led 
a  dissolute  life,  and  is  ruined — he  falls  in  love  with 
Victoria,  and  reforms — Col.  Trumore  is  in  love  with 
Clarinda — she  treats  him  ill,  and  seems  inclined  to 
marry  Shamwell,  who  is  an  Irish  fortune-hunter,  and 
who  pretends  to  be  a  lord — in  the  last  act,  she  causes 
Shamwell  to  be  taken  into  custody,  and  gives  her 
hand  to  Trumore — Ape-all  is  a  trifling  ridiculous  fop 
—at  the  opening  of  the  play,  he  is  an  undergraduate 
— in  the  2d  act  he  is  told  that  his  father  is  dead — he 
is  much  pleased  at  the  news,  and  throws  off  his  gown 
—he  makes  love  to  Victoria — Kitty  writes  a  letter  to 
him  in  Victoria's  name — she  offers  to  marry  him, 
but  desires  she  may  be  allowed  to  wear  a  veil — Old 
Ape-all  arrives  at  Oxford — he  had  raised  the  report 
of  his  death  to  try  how  his  son  would  behave — he 
assumes  the  disguise  of  a  parson — he  marries  Young 
Ape-all  to  Kitty — he  discovers  Gainlove  to  be  his 
elder  son,  and  is  reconciled  to  him — he  promises  to 
give  him  £2000  a  year — Lady  Science  consents  to 
the  union  of  Gainlove  and  Victoria — she  had  herself 
married  Haughty — a  woman  who  was  privately 
Haughty's  wife,  makes  her  appearance — and  Lady 
nence  is  again  her  own  mistress — this  C.  is  attri- 
buted to  James  Miller,  who  is  said  to  have  begun 
it  during  the  time  that  he  was  an  undergraduate  in 


252  D.  L.  1729-1730. 

Wadham  College — it  is  a  tolerable  play — Haughty 
and  Conundrum  are  very  good  characters. 

Jan.  17.  Provoked  Husband.  Miss  Jenny  =  Mrs. 
Cibber. 

19.  Tender   Husband.     Fainlove  =  Mrs.    Cibber: 
Aunt  =  Mrs.  Moore  :  with  Strollers. 

20.  Double  Gallant.     Wishwell  =  Mrs.  Heron. 

21.  Albion  Queens.     Douglas  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 

23.  Rehearsal. 

24.  Hamlet.     Hamlet  =  W ilks  :  Ghost]  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Horatio  =  Mills :  King  =  W.  Mills  :  Laertes  = 
Williams :  Polonius  =  Griffin  :  Gravedigger  =  John- 
son :    Fop  =  ^Gibber  Jun.  :   Queen  =  Mrs.  Porter  : 
Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

26.  Never  acted,  Timoleon.  Timoleon  =  Mills  : 
Timophanes  =  Bridgewater  :  Dinarchus  =  Williams  : 
Olinthus  =  W.  Mills  :  Orthagoras  =  Cory  :  Lycander 
(friend  to  Timophanes)  =:  Watson  :  ^Eschylus  =  Ro- 
berts :  Pheron  •=  Roscoe  :  Ghost  =  Boman  :  Eunesia 
(daughter  to  Dinarchus)  —  Mrs.  Porter  :  Cleorie  (sis- 
ter to  Olinthus)  =  Mrs.  Cibber  : — acted  14  times — it 
has  been  said  that  the  author's  friends  were  so  zea- 
lous on  the  first  night  that  not  a  scene  was  drawn 
without  a  clap,  the  very  candle-snuffers  received 
their  share  of  approbation,  and  a  couch  made  its 
entrance  with  universal  applause — it  is  remarkable 
that  in  another  new  Tragedy  very  soon  after,  the 
same  couch  met  with  a  severe  repulse,  tho*  it  had 
acted  its  part  altogether  as  well — (see  B.  D.  and  the 
preface  to  Johnson's  Medsea.) 

This  play  is  founded  on  the  first  part  of  the  history 
of  Timoleon — Timoleon  in  a  battle  had  saved  the 


D.  L.  1729-1730.  253 

life  of  his  brother  Timophanes — Timophanes  having 
afterwards  made  himself  Tyrant  of  Corinth,  Timo- 
leon  accompanied  by  two  friends,  .ZEschylus  and  Or- 
thagoras,  earnestly  endeavoured  to  prevail  on  him  to 
restore  their  country  to  liberty  ;  Timophanes  at  first 
laughing  at  them  and  then  growing  savage,  Timoleon 
retreated  to  a  short  distance  and  burst  into  tears, 
while  the  two  others  killed  Timophanes — on  these 
slender  materials  Martyn  has  written  this  T.,  adding 
the  rape  of  Cleone,  and  some  love  scenes  between 
Timoleon  and  Eunesia. 

In  the  play  Timoleon  is  represented  as  having  been 
wounded  in  a  battle — he  had  recovered  of  his  wounds, 
and  returns  to  Corinth  in  the  2d  act — Eunesia  tells 
him,  as  a  piece  of  news,  that  his  brother  had  made 
himself  Tyrant  of  Corinth — this  is  very  badly 
managed — it  is  ridiculous  to  suppose  that  Timoleon 
could  be  ignorant  of  a  matter  of  public  notoriety— 
Dinarchus  is  sent  to  prison — in  the  3d  act  Timoleon 
warns  Timophanes  of  the  danger  he  will  incur,  if  he 
should  persist  in  enslaving  his  country — Timophanes 
ravishes  Cleone — Lycander  gets  Eunesia  into  his 
power — the  Ghost  of  Timophanes'  father  appears 
to  him — Timophanes  and  Timoleon  fight — Timopha- 
nes is  disarmed — Lycander  attempts  to  ravish  Eune- 
sia— Timoleon  kills  him — the  last  scene  lies  in  a 
temple — Timoleon  and  his  friends  offer  a  sacrifice 
— Timophanes  enters  unattended — Timoleon  makes 
another  attempt  to  persuade  Timophanes  to  restore 
his  country  to  liberty — Timophanes  is  killed  as  in 
the  real  story— some  parts  of  this  T.  are  very  well 
written,  but  it  wants  incident  sadly — it  might  be 


254  D.L.   1729-1730. 

greatly  improved  by  being  reduced  to  3  acts — in  the 
last  scene  Dinarchus  stabs  Pheron,  at  the  moment  he 
is  going  to  stab  Timoleon  ;  this  is  taken  from  a  cir- 
cumstance that  really  happened  to  Timoleon  several 
years  afterwards  in  Sicily,  and  which  was  more  in- 
teresting in  the  real  fact  than  in  the  play,  the  person 
who  killed  the  assassin  doing  it  from  private  revenge, 
and  not  on  Timoleon's  account — there  is  no  one  of 
Plutarch's  lives  more  entertaining  than  that  of  Ti- 
moleon. 

Feb  10.  Constant  Couple  with  Chambermaid. 
Sir  Nicholas  Wiseacre  =:  Harper  :  Colin  =  Mrs.  Ro- 
berts :  Brush  =  Miller  :  File  =  Gates  :  Sir  William 
Freeman  =  Griffin:  Betty  =  Mrs. Thurmond:  Rosella 
=  Miss  Raftor  :  Lady  Wiseacre  —  Mrs.  Wetherhilt : 
— the  Chambermaid  is  only  C.  Johnson's  Village 
Opera  cut  down  to  an  afterpiece — it  is  in  one  act, 
but  this  one  act  is  quite  of  the  usual  length  of  two — 
Lucas  and  some  of  the  smaller  characters  are  omitted 
—this  abridgement  is  attributed  to  Philips,  but  his 
name  does  not  appear  in  the  title  page — the  Motto 
is — Diminuendo  restituit. 

19.  Fair  Penitent.  The  part  of  Lothario  will  be 
attempted  by  a  Gentleman — N.  B.  the  Boxes  not 
being  sufficient  to  answer  the  great  demand  for  places, 
at  the  particular  desire  of  several  persons  of  quality, 
the  Pit  and  Boxes  will  be  put  together  for  their  better 
accommodation. 

John  Highmore  Esquire,  a  Gentleman  possessed 
of  an  estate  of  £800  a  year,  offered  himself  for  one 
night  to  play  the  part  of  Lothario  ;  prompted  to  that 
extravagance  by  a  wager  of  £100 — the  Managers 


D.  L.  1729-1730.  255 

readily  accepted  the  proposal ;  and  besides  the  benefit 
of  the  greatest  receipt  they  had  ever  known  to  a 
stock  play,  (as  the  stage  was  crowded)  Highmore 
made  them  a  present  of  the  rich  suit  he  had  provided 
for  the  character — this  unhappy  Gentleman  had  not 
one  requisite  for  an  actor,  yet  if  his  vanity  would 
have  suffered  him  to  have  ended  the  frolic  with  this 
night's  performance,  all  would  have  been  well  ;  but 
he  was  encouraged  by  the  flattery  of  his  injudicious 
acquaintance  to  persist  so  long  in  his  folly,  that  at 
last  he  was  in  danger  of  obtaining  a  cure  from  some 
part  of  his  audience,  who  thought  themselves  injured 
and  insulted,  instead  of  being  entertained.  (  Victor.) 
21.  Lothario  by  a  Gentleman. 

23.  Sir  Courtly  Nice.     Violante  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

24.  Scornful  Lady.     Martha  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 

28.  Never  acted,  Sophonisba.  Masinissa  =  Wilks : 
Syphax  =  Mills :  Scipio  =  Williams :  Lselius  —  Bridge- 
water  :  Sophonisba  —  Mrs.  Oldfield : — this  cast  is  from 
the  play  as  printed— the  play  was  acted  about  10  times 
—Sophonisba  is  married  to  Syphax — Syphax  is  de- 
feated and  taken  prisoner — she  entreats  Masinissa 
not  to  let  her  fall  into  the  hands  of  the  Romans— 
he  swears  that  the  Romans  shall  not  hurt  her — be- 
tween the  3d  and  4th  acts  they  are  married — in  the 
5th  act,  Scipio  claims  Sophonisba — Masinissa  sends 
her  a  bowl  of  poison  —  she  drinks  it — Masinissa 
attempts  to  stab  himself—  Lffilius  prevents  him — and 
the  play  ends — for  Lee's  Sophonisba  see  T.  R.  1676 
—Thomson  has  made  Sophonisba,  as  she  ought  to 
be,  the  principal  character — but  he  has  destroyed  the 
interest  of  the  story  in  a  great  degree  by  making  her 
a  mere  patriot — in  the  4th  act  she  says  to  Syphax  — 


256  D.  L.   1729-1730. 

"  All  love,  but  that  of  Carthage,  I  despise. 
"  I  formerly  to  Masinissa  thee 
"  Preferred  not,  nor  to  thee  now  Masinissa, 
"  But  Carthage  to  you  both." 

Mrs.  Oldfield  spoke  this  line 
"  Not  one  base  word  of  Carthage— on  thy  soul !" 

with  such  grandeur  of  action,  a  look  so  tremendous, 
and  a  voice  so  powerful,  that  the  audience  were 
struck,  and  expressed  their  feelings  with  uncommon 
applause. 

Cibber  was  endured  in  Tragedy  on  account  of  his 
general  merit  in  Comedy  ;  but  he  persisted  so  long 
in  acting  Tragic  parts,  that  at  last  the  public  grew 
out  of  patience,  and  fairly  hissed  him  off  the  stage 
— in  this  play  he  laid  his  hands  on  the  part  of  Scipio, 
and  was  for  two  nights  successively  as  much  exploded 
as  any  bad  actor  could  be  :  Williams,  by  desire  of 
Wilks,  made  himself  master  of  the  part,  but  he 
marching  in  the  military  procession  from  the  farther 
end  of  the  stage,  and  wearing  the  same  dress  as 
Cibber,  was  saluted  as  he  had  been  ;  till  the  audience 
finding  their  mistake  turned  their  groans  and  hisses 
to  loud  applause.  (Dcivies.) 

What  Davies  here  says  about  the  procession  may 
be  correct  j  but  Scipio  certainly  seems  to  enter  alone  j 
immediately  before  his  entrance  Masinissa  says — "  I 
"  want  his  secret  audience — leave  us  Narva  " — the 
real  Masinissa  would  have  said  me.  - 

This  T.  raised  such  expectation,  that  every  Re- 
hearsal was  dignified  with  a  splendid  audience,  col- 
lected to  anticipate  the  delight,  which  was  preparing 


D.  L.    1729-1730.  25? 

for  the  publick  ;  it  was  observed  however  that  nobody 
was  much  affected  and  that  the  company  rose  as  from 
a  moral  lecture — the  play  has  one  feeble  line  — 

Oh  Sophonisba,  Sophonisba  Oh  ! 

this  gave  occasion  to  a  waggish  parody 

Oh  Jemmy  Thomson,  Jemmy  Thomson  Oh ! 

which  was  for  a  while  echoed  through  the  town  (Dr. 
Johnson)  and  then  burlesqued  by  Fielding  in  Tom 
Thumb. 

Booth  and  Victor  were  present  when  Thomson 
read  his  play  in  manuscript — Masinissa  in  the  1st 
speech  of  the  5th  Act  says— 

"  The  breezy  Spring 


"  Sits  loosely-floating  on  the  mountain-top, 
"  And  deals  her  sweets  around." 

Very  fine  (says  Booth) — but  what  the  devil  does  it 
here  ? — I  had  rather  that  pretty  flower  was  stuck  in 
the  middle  of  a  love  poem,  than  in  the  5th  act  of  a 
tragedy.  ( Victor.') 

March  19.  Mrs.  Oldfield's  bt.  Fair  Penitent.  Lo- 
thario —  a  Gentleman. 

21.  Orphan.  Polydore  —  a  Gentleman :  Chamont 
-  Mills. 

30.  Never  acted,  Bays'  Opera.  Bays  =  Gibber 
Jun.  :  Arabella  and  Belinda  (his  friends)  —  Mrs. 
Butler  and  Mrs.  Shireburn : — characters  in  the  Opera 
rehearsed — Cantato  (usurper  of  the  empire  of  Wit) 
=  Mrs.  Roberts  :  Tragedo  (the  lawful  heir,  confined 
by  Cantato)  =  Charke  :  Pantomime  (pretender  to  the 
throne  of  Wit)  =  Berry  :  Harlequin  (his  chief  ininis- 

VOL.  111.  S 


258  D.  L.  1729-1730. 

ter)  =  Miller  :  Lord  Briton  (general  of  the  English 
forces)  =  Bridgewater  :  Crispin  (a  cobler)  =  Harper  : 
Bassoon  and  Crowdero  (servants  to  Cantato)  =  Gates 
and  Rosco  :  Dulceda  (Cantato's  daughter)  =  Miss 
Raftor  :  Farcia  (Pantomime's  daughter)  —  Mrs. 
Heron: — acted  3  times — this  Opera  was  written  by 
Odingsells — it  is  very  dull — the  design  is  much  better 
than  the  execution. 

April  2.  Mrs.  Porter's  bt.  Spanish  Fryar.  Do- 
minic =  Shepherd  :  Gomez  =  Griffith  from  Dublin: 
Torrismond  =  Gentleman  :  Lorenzo  =  Wilks  :  Ber- 
tram^ Williams:  Raymond  =  Boman:  Queens  Mrs. 
Porter:  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Oldfield. 

4.  Careless  Husband. 

f>.  Mrs.  Booth's  bt.     Way  of  the  World. 

8.  Mrs.  Thurmond's  bt.  Provoked  Wife.  Heart- 
free— W.  Mills  :  Constable  =  Norris  :  Lady  Brute  = 
Mrs.  Oldfield  :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Be- 
linda =  Mrs.  Booth  :  Mademoiselle  by  a  young  Gentle- 
woman, being  her  1st  attempt  on  any  stage  : — with 
Lover's  Opera.  Lucy  —  Mrs.  Thurmond  : — the  new 
actress  was  Charlotte,  the  Youngest  daughter  of 
Colley  Gibber,  lately  married  to  Charke  the  singer. 
(Mrs.  Charke.) 

10.  Man  of  the  Mode.     Harriet  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

11.  Provoked  Husband.       Lady  Townly  =  Mrs. 
Oldfield  :  Miss  Jenny  =  Miss  Raftor. 

13.  Relapse.     Berinthia  =  Mrs.  Oldfield. 

15.  For  bt.  of  Williams.  Jane  Shore.  Hastings 
=  Wilks  :  Dumont  =  Williams  :  Gloster  =  Gibber  : 
Belmour  -  W.  Mills  :  Jane  Shore  =  Mrs.  Oldfield  : 
Alicia  =. Mrs.  Porter:  with  Lover's  Opera.  Edgar  = 
Charke  :  Moodv  =  Mrs.  Roberts. 


D.L.  1729-1730.  259 

16.  Orphan.     Serena  =  Miss  Raftor. 

20.  For   bt.   of  Gibber  Jun.   and    Mrs.    Gibber. 
Tender  Husband.     Biddy  Tipkin  =  Mrs.  Oldfield  : 
—see  Patie  and  Peggy  May  31  1731. 

21.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  Thurmond  and  Mrs.  Butler. 
Double  Gallant,     Lady  Dainty  =  Mrs.  Oldfield. 

23.  Mrs.  Oldfield  acted  Estifania. 

24.  Griffin's  bt.     Whig  arid  Tory  revised  by  the 
author.     Sir  John  Indolent  —  Griffin  : — rest  omitted. 

25.  Mrs.  Oldfield  acted  Mrs.  Sullen. 

27.  Bridge  water  acted  Varanes  for  his  bt. 

28.  For  bt.  of  Charke  and  Miss  Raftor.     Provoked 
Wife.     Belinda  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Mademoiselles 
Mrs.  Charke,  being  her  2d  appearance  on  any  stage  : 
Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Oldfield :  — Curll  says  this  was 

her  last  time  of  performing Mrs.  Charke,  in  the 

narrative  of  her  life,  says  that  Mrs.  Oldfield's  last 
appearance  was  on  the  night  of  her  own  first  appear- 
ance ;  which  is  certainly  wrong — She  adds  that  Mrs. 
Horton  being  ill  on  this  evening  Mrs.  Gibber  was 
called  on  to  play  Lady  Fanciful ;   this  is  probably 
correct — but  she  is  quite  mistaken  in  supposing  that 
Mrs.  Gibber  had  not  played  the  part  before with- 
out the  assistance  of  the  bills  it  would   have  been 
impossible  to  have  decided  whether  Curll  or  Mrs. 
Charke  was  right,  as  to  Mrs.  Oldfield's  last  appear- 
ance. 

29.  Shepherd's  bt.  Amphitryon.    Alcmena  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond. 

30.  For  bt.  of  Griffith  from  Dublin.     Love  makes 
a  Man.     Clodio  —  Gibber :   Don  Lewis  =  Griffith  : 
Carlos  =  Wilks  :  Charino  =  Griffin :  Angelina  =  Mrs. 

•  8 


260  D.  L.    1729- 173  P. 

Gibber:  Louisa  =  Mrs.  Horton:  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Porter: 
Honoria  =  Miss  Raftor. 

No  more  bills  except  two  of  no  consequence.  (Bills 
from  B.  M.) 

An  edition  of  Love's  last  Shift  was  printed  in  1730 
with  the  following  cast.  Loveless  =  Wilks  :  Sir 
Novelty  Fashion  =  Gibber :  Elder  Worthy  =  Williams : 
Younger  Worthy  =  Mills  :  Sir  William  Wisewoud 
=  Johnson  :  Snap  =  Gibber  Jun.  :  Sly  =  Miller  : 
Amanda  =  Mrs.  Porter :  Narcissa  =  Mrs.  Thurmond : 
Hillaria  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Flareit  =  Mrs.  Mills  : — the 
cast  is  the  same  in  the  12mo.  edition  of  Gibber's 
works — one  or  the  other  of  which  led  Murphy,  in  his 
Life  of  Garrick,  into  the  gross  mistake  of  saying, 
that  Wilks  and  Mrs.  Porter  played  the  parts  originally. 

Mrs.  Henrietta  Moor  was  at  one  time  in  possession 
of  a  respectable  line  of  parts,  but  latterly  she  dwin- 
dled down  to  very  inferiour  characters — she  probably 
left  the  stage  about  this  time. 

Mrs.  Anne  Oldfield  died  Oct.  23  1730  in  her  47th 
year —  Curll  published  a  Life  of  Mrs.  Oldfield  in  86 
pages,  which  contain  but  little  theatrical  information 
— according  to  him,  her  first  appearance  on  the  stage 
was  in  1699»  when  on  the  temporary  retirement  of 
Mrs.  Cross,  she  succeeded  to  her  part  of  Candiope  in 
Secret  Love — her  second  part  was  Alinda  in  the  Pil- 
grim; and  on  the  death  of  Mrs.  Verbruggen  she 
obtained  the  part  of  Lady  Lurewell — CurlPs  account 
does  not  exactly  agree  with  what  Gibber  says,  but 
the  difference  is  not  material — Curll  seems  not  to 
have  published  his  account  of  Mrs.  Oldfield  till  1741 
-but  some  Memoirs  of  her,  in  a  small  pamphlet, 


D.  L.   1729-1730.  261 

were  published  soon  after  her  death — the  4th  edition 
of  this  pamphlet  was  printed  in  1730. 

Mrs.  Oldfield  was  in  person  tall,  genteel  and  well- 
shaped  ;  her  countenance  was  pleasing  and  expres- 
sive, enlivened  with  large  speaking  eyes,  which  in 
some  particular  Comic  situations,  she  kept  half  shut ; 
especially  when  she  intended  to  give  effect  to  some 
brilliant  or  gay  thought:  in  sprightliness  of  air  and 
elegance  of  manner  she  excelled  all  actresses,  and 
was  greatly  superiour  in  the  clear,  sonorous,  and  har- 
monious tones  of  her  voice — (Davies) — after  her 
success  in  Lady  Betty  Modish  all  that  nature  had 
given  her  of  the  actress  seemed  to  have  risen  to  its 
full  perfection  ;  but  the  variety  of  her  powers  could 
not  be  known,  till  she  was  seen  in  variety  of  cha- 
racters, which  as  fast  as  they  fell  to  her  she  equally 
excelled  in — in  the  wearing  of  her  person  she  was 
particularly  fortunate,  her  figure  was  always  improv- 
ing to  her  36th  year :  but  her  excellence  in  acting 
was  never  at  a  stand ;  and  Lady  Townly,  one  of  her 
last  new  parts,  was  a  proof  that  she  was  still  able 
to  do  more,  if  more  could  have  been  done  for  her. 
(Gibber.'} 

Wilks*  Copper  Captain  was  esteemed  one  of  his 
best  characters ;  Mrs.  Oldfield  was  equally  happy  in 
Estifania ;  when  she  drew  the  pistol  from  her  pocket, 
pretending  to  shoot  Perez,  Wilks  drew  back  as  if 
greatly  terrified,  and  in  a  tremulous  voice  uttered 
"  what  thy  own  husband  ?"  she  replied  with  an  arch- 
ness of  countenance  and  a  half  shut  eye  "  let  mine 
"  own  husband  then,  be  in's  own  wits"  in  a  tone  of 
voice  in  imitation  of  his,  that  the  theatre  was  in  a 
tumult  of  applause. 


D.L.   1729-1730. 

When  Ryan  and  Mrs.  Younger  acted  these  parts  at 
L.  I.  F.  it  was  universally  allowed,  that  tho'  they 
were  Comedians  of  great  merit,  they  fell  infinitely 
short  of  Wilks  and  Mrs.  Oldfield.  (Davies.} 

Gibber  says  nothing  of  her  performance  in  Tra- 
gedy, but  Chetwood  speaks  highly  of  her  Cleopatra 
and  Calista — and  it  is  certain  that  she  acted  several 
first  rate  parts  in  Tragedy  much  to  the  satisfaction 
of  the  Town — she  had  for  some  time  a  dislike  to 
Tragedy,  she  would  often  say  "  I  hate  to  have  a  Page 
"  dragging  my  tail  about ;  Why  do  they  not  give  Por- 
"  ter  these  parts  ?  She  can  put  on  a  better  Tragedy 
"  face  than  I  can  " — when  Mithridates  was  revived, 
it  was  with  much  difficulty  that  she  was  prevailed  on 
to  take  the  part  assigned  her,  but  she  performed  it  to 
perfection,  and  after  that  she  seemed  much  better 
reconciled  to  Tragedy.  {Chetwood.} 

She  had  one  mark  of  good  sense  rarely  known  in 
a  performer  of  eminence — to  the  last  year  of  her  life 
she  never  undertook  any  part  she  liked,  without  being 
importunately  desirous  of  having  all  the  help  in  it, 
that  another  could  possibly  give  her;  but  it  was  a 
hard  matter  to  give  her  a  hint  that  she  was  not  able 
to  improve — with  all  her  merit,  she  was  less  pre- 
suming in  her  station,  than  several  who  had  not 
half  her  pretensions  to  be  troublesome  to  the  Ma- 
nagers :  but  she  lost  nothing  by  her  easy  conduct  j 
she  had  every  thing  she  asked,  which  she  took  care 
should  be  always  reasonable,  because  she  thated  as 
much  to  be  grudged  as  denied  a  civility.  (Gilbert) 


D.  L.   1729-1730.  263 

Mrs.  OldfielcTs  characters. 

D.  L.  1700.  *Alinda  in  Pilgrim  altered— *Au- 
relia  in  Perjured  Husband — *  Sylvia  in  Grove. 

1701.  *  Miranda  in  Humour  of  the  Age — *Queen 
Helen  in  Virgin  Prophetess — *Ann  of  Brittanie  in 
Unhappy  Penitent. 

1702.  *Ciinene  in  Generous  Conqueror — *Lady 
Sharlot  in  Funeral — *Jacinta  in  False  Friend — *Ca- 
milla  in  Modish  Husband. 

1703.  *Lucia  in  Old  Mode-*Lucia  in  Fair  Ex- 
ample— *Belliza  in  Love's  Contrivance. 

1703-1704.  *  Victoria  in  Lying  Lover — *Queen 
Mary  in  Albion  Queens. 

1704-1705.  *Lady  Betty  Modish— *Biddy  Tipkin 
in  Tender  Husband. 

1705-1706.     *Arabella    in    llampstead  Heath- 
*Lady  Reveller  in  Basset  Table — *Izadora  in  Perolla 
and  Izadora — *  Sylvia  in  R.  O. — *Viletta  in  Fashion- 
able Lover. 

Hay.  1706-1707.  Elvira  in  Spanish  Fryar — Leo- 
nora in  Sir  Courtly  Nice — *Isabella  in  Platonick 
Lady — Celia  in  Volpone — Widow  Rich,  in  Comical 
Revenge — Silent  Woman  —  *Florimel  in  Comical 
Lovers — Monimia  —  *Mrs.  Sullen — Irnoinda — Lady 
Lurewell — *Ismena  in  Phaedra — Lady  Hartwell  in 
Wit  without  Money — Maria  in  Fortune  Hunters. 

1707-1708.  Narcissa  in  Love's  last  Shift— *Lady 
Dainty — *Ethelinda  in  Royal  Convert — *Mrs.  Con- 
quest in  Lady's  last  Stake. 

D.  L.  1708.  Elvira  in  Love  makes  a  Man — An- 
gelica in  Love  for  Love — Sernandra  in  Mithridates — 


264  D.  L.   1729-1730. 

2d  Constantia — Euphronia  in  ^Esop — Lady  Harriet 
in  Funeral — Florella  in  Greenwich  Park — Hellena 
in  Rover — Teresia  in  Squire  of  Alsatia. 

1708-1709.  *Lady  Rodornont  in  Fine  Lady's  Airs 

— Carolina  in  Epsom  Wells — *Lucinda  in  Rival  Fools 

—Mrs.  Loveit  in  Man  of  the  Mode. 

Hay.  1709-1710.  Louisa  in  Love  makes  a  Man— 
Rutland—Estifania— Mrs.  Brittle— *Belinda  in  Man's 
Bewitched — Berinthia  in  Relapse—  Scornful  Lady- 
Flora  in  Country  Wake — Lretitia  in  Old  Batchelor— 
Ruth  in  Committee. 

D.  L.  1710-1711.     *Fidelia  in  Injured  Love. 

1711-1712.  *Arabella  in  Wife's  Relief—Anna 
Bullen  in  Virtue  Betrayed — *  Camilla  in  Perplexed 
Lovers — Celia  in  Humorous  Lieutenant — *  Andro- 
mache in  Distressed  Mother. 

1712-1713.    Gatty  in   She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd- 
*  Victoria  in  Humours  of  the  Army — *Emiliairi  Cin- 
ria's  Conspiracy — *Marcia  in  Cato. 

1713-1714.    *Eriphile  in  Victim— *  Jane  Shore- 
*Violante  in  Wonder. 

1714-1715.  *Lady  Jane  Gray. 

1715-1716.  Lady  Truman  in  Drummer. 

171 6-1 7 IV.  *  Leonora  in  Cruel  Gift — Arpasia  in 
Tamerlane — *Mrs.  Townley  in  Three  Hours  after 
Marriage — *Atalida  in  Sultaness — *Rosalinda  in 
Lucius  King  of  Britain. 

1717.1718.  *Maria  in  Non  Juror — Millamant. 

1718-1719.  *Ximena  in  ditto— Cleopatra  in  All  for 
Love — *Sophronia  in  Masquerade — *Florinda  in  Chit 
Chat — *Mandane  in  Busiris. 

1719-1720.  *Celona  in  Spartan  Dame. 

1720-1721.  *Sophronia  in  Refusal. 


L.  i.  F.  1729-1730.  265 

Indamora  in  Aurenge-Zebe. 

1722-1723.  *Mrs.  Watchit  in  Artifice— *  Indiana 
— *  Queen  Margaret  in  Humfrey  Duke  of  Gloucester. 

1723-1724.  *Princess  Catharine  in  Hill's  Henry 
5th — *  Captive  in  Captives. 

1724-1725.  *  Cleopatra  in  Caesar  in  ^Egypt. 

1725-1726.  Calista — Aurelia  in  Twin  Rivals — 
Lady  Brute. 

1726-1727.     *Amoret  in  Rival  Modes. 

1727-1728.  *Lady  Townly— "Lady  Matchless  in 
Love  in  several  Masques. 

1728-1729.  No  new  character.  • 

1729-1730.  *Clarinda  in  Humours  of  Oxford - 
*Sophonisba  in  ditto. 

*   Originally. 

Anthony  Aston  says  that  Mrs.  Oldfield  in  free  Co- 
medy borrowed  something  from  Mrs.  Verbruggen's 
manner. 


L.  I.  F.  1729-1730. 

Sept.  12.  King  Lear.  Kent  =  Hulett:  Gentleman 
Usher  —  Morgan :  Goneril^Mrs.  Buchanan. 

17.  Not  acted  8  years,  Sir  Walter  Raleigh.  Sir 
Walter  =  Quin  :  Howard  =  Ryan  :  Young  Raleigh  = 
Walker :  Gundamor=Boheme :  Cobham= Chapman : 


266  L.  i.  F.  1729-1730. 

Salisbury  =  Hulett:  Sir  Julius  Caesar  =  Milward  :  Lady 
Raleigh  =  Mrs.  Berriman :  Olympia  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

19.  Country  Wife  with   Flora.     Hob  =  Legar : 
Flora  =  Mrs.  Cantrell :  Hob's  Mother  =  Mrs .  Egleton . 

22.  Hamlet  =  Ryan  :  Ghost  =  Boheme  :  King  = 
Quin  :  Horati  o= Mil  ward  :  Laertes  =  Walker  :  Po- 
lonius  —  H  ippisley  :  Fop  =  Chapman  :  Gravediggers 
=  Bullock  and  Pinkethman  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Berri- 
man :  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Vincent. 

Old  Batchelor.  Sharper  =  Milward  :  Setter 

=  Chapman:  LaBtitia  =  Mrs.  Bullock:  Belinda  = 
Mrs.  Younger. 

29.  Rover.     Ned  Blunt  =  Hall. 

Oct.  1.  Beggar's  Opera 6.  Provoked  Wife. 

13.  GEdipus.     Ghosts  Chapman. 
15.  Merry  Wives 17«  Volpone. 

20.  Spanish  Fryar.     Bertran  =  Mil  ward. 

22.  Fortune  Hunters 24.  Island  Princess. 

25.  Double  Dealer 28.  Prophetess. 

30.  London  Cuckolds 31.  Woman's  Revenge. 

Nov.  1.  Venice  Preserved. 

4.   Tamerlane.     Bervise  =  Milward. 

8.  Maid's  Tragedy.  Amintor  =  Ryan  :  Melantius 
—  Quin:  King  =  Boheme:  Calianax=:Hippisley:  Ly- 
sippus  =  Walker  :  Strato  =  Milward :  Diagoras  = 
Chapman  :  Evadne^Mrs.  Berriman:  Aspatia  =  Mrs. 
Buchanan  : — repeated  on  10th. 

11.  Emperour  of  the  Moon—  —13.  Julius  Caesar. 

14.  Mistake 18.  Royal  Merchant. 

22.  Measure  for  Measure. 

25.  Never  acted,  Rape.  Sebastian  =  Ryan  : 
Alonzo  —  Quin  :  King  of  Spain  =  Boheme :  Ramirez 
=  Walker  :  Octavio  =  Chapman  :  Isabella  brought 


L.  i.  F.  1729-1730.  2(>7 

up  as  Ferdinand  =  Mrs.  Younger:  Emilia  =  Mrs. 
Buchanan :  Queen  Dowager  of  Portugal  =  Mrs.  Bul- 
lock :  Queen  of  Spain  =  Mrs.  Berriman  : — acted  4 
times — this  T.  is  only  an  alteration  of  Brady's  play 
—see  Rape  at  T.  R.  1692 — some  slight  changes  are 
made  in  the  dialogue — the  Vandals  and  Goths  of 
the  original  play  are  turned  into  Spaniards  and  Por- 
tuguese— the  only  alteration  of  consequence  is,  that 
Sebastian  the  Prince  of  Portugal  is  brought  up  as  a 
a  Page,  and  called  Carlos,  whereas  in  the  old  play 
the  Prince  of  the  Goths  is  brought  up  as  a  woman, 
and  called  Valdaura — the  characters  of  Alonzo  and 
Emilia  correspond  to  those  of  Genselaric  and  Eu- 
rione. 

29.  Henry  4th. 
Dec.  2.  Pilgrim. 

3.  Never  acted,  Momus  turned  Fabulist,  or  Vul- 
can's Wedding.  Momus  —  Hulett :  Jupiter  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Vulcan  =  Hall :  Apollo  =  Salway  :  Mercury  = 
Ray :  Mars  =  Walker :  Neptune  =  Mdrgan  :  Plutus  = 
II  ippisley  :  Venus  =  Mrs.  Cantrell :  Juno  =  Mrs. 
Egleton :  ^Egle  =  Miss  Rogers: — acted  about  16 
times — the  scene  lies  in  the  avenues  of  the  Court  of 
Destiny — about  6  months  before  this  Opera  begins, 
Venus  had  sprung  out  of  the  sea — most  of  the  Gods 
are  in  love  with  her — Jupiter,  as  he  cannot  marry 
her  himself,  wishes  Vulcan  to  marry  her,  with  an 
intent  of  making  him  a  cuckold — Destiny  pronounces 
his  decree — he  leaves  Venus  to  her  own  choice  of  a 
husband — Venus  is  quite  a  coquette — she  thinks  that 
if  she  should  choose  an  agreeable  husband,  his  rivals 
would  lose  all  hope,  and  she  would  lose  their 
service — this  determines  her  to  choose  Vulcan — in 


268  L,  i.  F.  1729-1730. 

the  1st  scene,  Jupiter  swears  by  Styx  that  he  will 
banish  Momus  from  the  skies  for  ever,  if  he  should, 
during  the  present  day,  utter  one  single  satirical 
word  against  any  of  the  Gods — Momus  is  in  a 
dilemma — he  is  afraid  of  Jupiter,  yet  he  thinks  it 
intolerable  to  live  for  so  many  hours  without  a  bit  of 
scandal — he  resolves  to  turn  Fabulist — he  avoids 
mentioning  any  God  by  name,  but  makes  fables 
about  birds  and  beasts,  suiting  them  to  the  persons 
who  are  on  the  stage — this  is  a  moderate  Opera  by 
an  anonymous  author — it  appears  from  the  Introduc- 
tion that  it  was  taken  from  the  French,  but  with 
this  difference,  the  fables  were  spoken  in  France, 
and  sung  in  England. 

15.  Rival  Queens—  —16.  Jew  of  Venice. 

20.  Amorous  Widow 29.  Unhappy  Favourite. 

Jan.  1.  Macbeth.     Seyton  —  Chapman. 

2.  Perseus  and  Andromeda  1st  time. 

9.  Drummer 15.  ^Esop. 

19.  Never  acted  there,  Wife  of  Bath  by  Gay — 
this  play  came  out  originally  at  D.  L.  May  12  1713— 
it  was  now  brought  forward  with  alterations  and 
revisions  by  the  author — it  was  unsuccessful  each 
time — Plowdon  (originally  Franklyn)  =  Boheme  : 
Sir  Harry  Gauntlet  (originally  Chaucer)  =  Ryan : 
Doggrell  =  Chapman  :  Merit  =  Milward  :  Hubert 
(originally  Doublechin)  =  Hall :  Astrolabe  =  Ogden  : 
Grist  and  Spigot  (two  new  characters )  =  H  ippisley 
and  Hulett :  Alison  =  Mrs.  Egleton  :  Busy  =  Mrs. 
Cantrell :  Myrtilla  =  Mrs.  Younger  :  Florinda  =  Mrs. 
Templar  : — acted  3  times. 

22.  Recruiting  Officer.     Plumes  Ryan:    Brazen 
=  Chapman  :    Balance  =  Quiii :    Worthy  —  Walker : 


L.  r.  F.   1729-1730.  269 

Bullock  -  Bullock:  Welch  Collier  =  Hippisley  :  Syl- 
via =  Mrs.  Younger :  Melinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Rose 
=  Miss  Holliday  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Egleton. 

23.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  =  Chapman  :  Sir  Francis 
Gripe  =  Hippisley  :  Sir  George  Airy  =  Ryan  :  Sir 
Jealous  Traffic  =  Bullock  :  Charles  =  Walker  :  Mi- 
randa =  Mrs.  Younger :  Patch  =  Mrs.  Egleton  : 
Isabinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

26.  Oronooko  =  Boheme  :  Aboan  =  Quin  :  Bland- 
ford  =  Mil  ward  :  Stanmore  =  Chapman  :  Hotman  =: 
Hulett :  Capt.  Driver  =  Hall :  Daniel  =  Hippisley  : 
Imoinda=Mrs.  Bullock:  Widow  =  Mrs.  Egleton: 
Charlotte  Welldon  =  Mrs.  Younger  :  Lucy  Welldon 
=  Mrs.  Laguerre. 

Feb.  9-  Anatomist. 

21.  Fatal  Extravagance— the  cast  was  probably 
Bellmour  =  Quin  :  Courtney  =  Boheme :  Bargrave  = 
Ogden  :  Louisa  =  Mrs.  Younger: — acted  about  7 
times. 

March  2.  Cartouche. 

9.  Oronooko,  with,  never  acted,  Hudibras,  or 
Trulla's  Triumph. 

19.  Quin's  bt.  at  the  particular  desire  of  several 
persons  of  quality,  Beggar's  Opera.  Macheath  = 
Quin  : — Servants  will  be  allowed  to  keep  places  on 

the  stage- Quin  does  not  seem  to  have  repeated 

the  character. 

21.  Strategem.  Aimwell  =  Milward  :  Cherry  r= 
Miss  Holliday. 

April  2.  Mrs.  Bullock's  bt.  Country  Wife  and 
What  d'ye  call  it  ?  Squire  Thomas  =  Chapman  : 
Peter  Nettle  =  Hippisley :  Timothy  Peascod  is 


270  L.  i.  F.  1729-1730. 

omitted  :    Steward  =  Milward  :    Kitty  =  Mrs.   Youn- 
ger :  Dorcas  —  Mrs.  Egleton. 

6.  Love's  last  Shift.     Amanda  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

7-  Never  acted  there,  Cemical  Rivals,  or  the 
School  Boy,  in  2  acts.  School  Boy  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

20.  Milvvard's  bt.  Cato.  Cato  =  Boheme  :  Syphax 
=  Quin  :  Juba  =  Walker  :  Sempronius  =  Hulett : 
Portius  =  Ryan  :  Marcus  —  Milward  :  Decius  — 
Chapman:  Marcia  =  Mrs.  Bullock:  Lucia  =  Mrs. 
Younger : — with  the  Wedding,  in  which  will  be 
introduced  a  Skimmington. 

30.  Confederacy.     Corinna  =  Miss  Holliday. 

May  6.  Mariamne  =  Mrs.  Buchanan: — this  may 
be  correct,  but  Mariamne  and  Amanda  were  Mrs. 
Berriman's  parts. 

9.  False  Friend.  Leonora  =  Mrs.  Younger  = 
Isabella  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

11.  Squire  of  Alsatia.  Shamwell  =  Chapman  : 
Trueman  =  Milward. 

18.  Fair  Quaker.  Rovewell  =  Milward :  Dorcas 
=  Mi's.  Younger :  with,  never  acted  there,  Damon 
and  Phillida. 

23.  Don  Quixote.  Duke  =  Milward :  Ambrosio  = 
Walker :  Bernardo  =  Hippisley  :  Duchess  =  Mrs. 
Bemman :—  rest  omitted. 

June  4.  Boheme's  bt.  Tamerlane.  Bajazet  = 
Quin  :  Tamerlane  =  Boheme :  Moneses  =  Ryan  : 
Axalla  =  Walker :  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Berriman  :  Selima 
=  Mrs.  Boheme,  who  never  appeared  on  any  stage 
before  : — last  play. 

Mrs.  Boheme  must  have  been  Boheme's  second 
wife — she  is  said  to  have  died  of  a  consumption  on 


L.  i.  F.  1729-1730.  271 

Jan.  7  1731 — her  name  was  in  the  bill  for  Dec.  4 
1 730.  (Bills  from  B.  M. ) 

Nichols,  in  a  note  to  the  13th  number  of  the  Anti- 
Theatre,  says — "  James  Spiller  was  seized  with  an 
"  apoplectic  fit  on  the  stage  Jan.  31  1730,  while  per- 

"  forming  in  the  Rape  of  Proserpine he  died  on 

"  the  7th  of  Feb.  following" he  was  one  of  those 

actors  who  are  their  own  enemies,  and  in  conse- 
quence died  young — he  for  several  years  together 
shared  the  general  fate  of  performing  all  his  parts 
excellently  well,  in  an  unfashionable  theatre  and  to 
thin  audiences. 

He  was  a  Comedian  who  had  a  peculiar  excel- 
lence above  most  of  his  brethren,  who  generally 
retained  a  sameness,  or  at  least,  a  singularity  to  be 
known  by  in  all  characters,  'tho  ever  so  various  ;  but 
he  had  the  happiness  of  transforming  himself  into 
whatever  character  he  represented — a  remarkable 
instance  of  which,  occurred  the  first  night  of  the 
Artful  Husband,  when  his  patron  and  admirer,  the 
Duke  of  Argyle,  literally  mistook  him  for  a  new 
actor,  and  recommended  him  that  night  behind  the 
scenes  to  Rich  as  a  man  who  deserved  encourage- 
ment.* 

The  famous  Riccoborii,  who  belonged  to  the 
Italian  Theatre  at  Paris,  was  in  London  about  1715, 
when  he  saw  Spiller,  and  gave  the  following  account 
of  him — "  He  acted  the  Old  Man  in  a  Comedy 
"  taken  from  the  Crispin  Medicin  with  such  a  nice 
"  degree  of  perfection,  as  one  could  expect  in  no 


This  is  so  good  a  story  that  one  hopes  it  is  true. 


272  L.  i.  F.   1729-1730. 

"  player  who  had  not  40  years'  experience 1  made 

"  no  doubt  of  his  being  an  old  Comedian,  who, 
"  instructed  by  long  practice,  and  assisted  by  the 
"  weight  of  years,  had  performed  the  part  so  naturally 
"  — but  how  great  was  my  surprise,  when  I  learnt 
"  that  he  was  a  young  man  about  the  age  of  26 1—  —I 
"  could  not  believe  it ;  but  I  owned  that  it  might  be 
"  possible,  had  he  only  used  a  trembling  and  broken 
"  voice,  and  had  only  an  extreme  weakness  possessed 
"  his  body  ;  because  I  conceived  that  a  young  actor 
"  might  by  the  help  of  art,  imitate  that  debility  of 
"  nature  to  such  a  pitch  of  excellence  ;  but  the 
"  wrinkles  of  his  face,  his  sunk  eyes,  and  his  loose 
"  yellow  cheeks,  the  most  certain  marks  of  age, 
"  were  incontestible  proofs  against  what  they  said 
"  to  me — notwithstanding  all  this,  I  was  forced  to 
"  submit  to  truth,  because  I  was  credibly  informed, 
"  that  the  actor,  to  fit  himself  for  the  part  of 
"  this  old  man,  spent  an  hour  in  dressing  himself, 
"  and  disguised  his  face  so  nicely,  and  painted  so 
"  artificially  a  part  of  his  eye-brows  and  eye-lids, 
"  that  at  the  distance  of  6  paces,  it  was  impossible 
"  not  to  be  deceived."  (  Victor.) 


Spiller's  Characters selection  only. 

D.  .L  1709-1710.  *  Corporal  Cuttum  in  Walking 
Statue — Don  Francisco  in  Successful  Strangers. 

At  Greenwich  1710.  Polonius — Marplot — Hig- 
gen — Brass — Coupler — Bustopha  in  Maid  in  the 
Mill. 

D.  L.  1711-1712.  Captain  Anvil  in  Northern  Lass. 


L.  i.  F.  1729-1730.  273 

L.  I.  F.   1714-1715.      Harlequin  in   Bmperor   of 
the  Moon — Don   Lewis  in   Love  makes  a  Man— 
Guilion  in  False  Count. 

1715-1716.  Gomez— Spitfire  in  Wife's  Relief— 
*Tom  and  Padwell  in  Woman's  Revenge — Sir  Wil- 
liam Belfond  in  Squire  of  Alsatia — *Cobler  of  Pres- 
ton— Petro  in  Feigned  Courtezans. 

1716-1717.  *Aspin  in  Woman's  a  Riddle— Hob  in 
Country  Wake — *Stockwell  in  Artful  Husband — 
Ben  in  Love  for  Love — Hector  in  Gamester. 

1717-1718.  Whimsey  in  Fair  Example — *Peri- 
winkle. 

1718-1719.  Lord  Froth— *Prate  in  'Tis  well  if  it 
takes. 

1719-1720.  1st  Murderer  in  Macbeth — *Culverin 
in  Half  pay  Officers — Moneytrap. 

1720-1721.  Gentleman  Usher  in  Lear — Pistol  in 
Merry  Wives — Pandarus — Razor — Sham  Doctor  in 
Anatomist. 

1721-1722.  Dr.  Caius— Mustapha  in  Don  Sebas- 
tian— Daniel  in  Oronooko — Foigard — Marplot — An- 
tonio in  Venice  Preserved — Dash  well  in  London 
Cuckolds — Fourbin  in  Soldier's  Fortune — Day  in 
Committee — Jobson. 

1723-1724.  Piperollo  in  Like  to  Like— Cartouche 
in  ditto — Brush  in  Love  and  a  Bottle. 

1724.1725.  Merryman  in  Amorous  Widow — Shift 
in  Scapin — Brainworm — Ned  Blunt  in  Rover — 1st 
Murderer  in  Richard  3d — Snatchpenny  in  Sauny. 

1725-1726.  Quaint  in  JEsop— Rake-hell  in  She 
wou'd  if  she  cou'd. 

1726.1727.  Lopez  in  Mistake. 

VOL.  III.  T 


274-       .          GOODMAN'S  FIELDS,   1729-1730. 

17^7-1728.  Sir   Politick   Wou'dbe   in  Volpone- 
*Mat  of  the  Mint — Spruce  in  Fortune  Hunters. 

*   Originally. 


GOODMAN'S  FIELDS,  172Q-173O. 

A  new  Theatre  was  opened  under  the  direction  of 
Odell. 

Chetwood  says — "  Odell,  from  not  understanding 
"  the  management  of  a  company  (as  indeed  how 
"  should  any  one,  that  is  not,  in  some  sort  brought 
"  up  to  that  knowledge?)  soon  left  it  to  Giffard  that 
«  did." 

Oct.  31.  Recruiting  Officer.     Plume  —  Giffard. 

Nov.  4.  Orphan.  Castalio  —  Giffard  :  Monimia  = 
Mrs.  Giffard,  being  her  1st  appearance  in  England. 

Giffard  and  his  wife  were  the  chief  support  of  this 
theatre — Pinkethman  and  W.  Bullock,  from  L.  I.  F., 
made  their  first  appearance  on  Nov.  17 — the  plays 
were  generally  good,  but  not  well  acted. 

Jan.  26.  Never  acted,  Temple  Beau.  Wilding  = 
Giffard  :  Sir  Avarice  Pedant  =  Collet :  Sir  Harry 
Wilding  =  Pinkethman  :  Veromil  =  W.  Giffard  :  Va- 
lentine =  Williams  :  Pedant  (son  to  Sir  Avarice)  = 
W.  Bullock  :  Pincet  (servant  to  Wilding)  =  Bardin  : 
Lady  Lucy  Pedant  (wife  to  Sir  Avarice — a  coquette) 
=  Mrs.  Giffard  :  Lady  Gravely  (her  sister — a  prude) 


GOODMAN'S  FIELDS,   1729-1730.  275 

=  Mrs.  Haughton  :  Bellaria  =  Mrs.  Purden  :  Clarissa 
:=Mrs.  Seal: — acted  about  11  times— "Wilding  had 
been  6  years  at  the  Temple — during  which  time  he 
had  studied  nothing  but  dress  and  gallantry — Sir 
Harry  comes  up  to  town — ransacks  his  son's  cham- 
bers, and  at  last  breaks  open  a  box,  in  which  he  finds 
a  love  letter  from  a  married  woman — Sir  Harry,  when 
he  sees  his  son  at  Sir  Avarice's,  attacks  him  about 
the  letter — Wilding  is  at  first  at  a  loss  for  an  excuse 
— his  father  turns  the  letter,  and  finds  it  directed  to 
Capt.  Belvil — a  name  under  which  Wilding  had  car- 
ried on  his  intrigue — Wilding  pretends  that  he  had 
changed  his  rooms — Sir  Harry  believes  that  he  has 
committed  a  felony  in  breaking  open  the  strong  box 
of  a  stranger — Wilding  has  a  design  on  Lady  Lucy 
and  Lady  Gravely — each  of  them  gives  him  encour- 
agement— particularly  the  latter — his  father  wants 
him  to  marry  Bellaria — he  makes  no  objection,  as  she 
is  a  fine  woman  with  £20,000 — in  the  last  act, 
Pincet,  in  the  disguise  of  a  counsellor,  assures  Sir 
Harry  that  he  is  likely  to  be  hanged —Pincet.  My 
brother  Starchum  indeed  offered,  that  upon  a  bond  of 
£5000  he  would  make  up  the  affair ;  but  I  thought  it 
much  too  extravagant  a  demand ;  and  so  I  told  him 
flatly — we  wou'd  be  hanged — Sir  Harry.  Then  you 
told  a  damn'd  lie  ;  for  if  twice  that  sum  wou'd  save 
us,  we  will  not — Sir  Harry  gives  Pincet  a  bond  of 
annuity  for  £500  a  year — Pincet  gives  the  bond  to 
Wilding — the  underplot  is  rather  serious — Veromil 
and  Bellaria  are  mutually  in  love— he  supposes  her 
to  be  abroad — but  finds  her  unexpectedly  at  the  house 
of  Sir  Avarice,  who  is  her  uncle — Valentine  was  on 
the  point  of  marriage  with  Clarissa — but,  on  fulling 

T2 


GOODMAN'S  FIELDS,   1729-1730. 

in  love  with  Bellaria,  he  breaks  off  the  match — at  the 
conclusion,  Veromil  marries  Bellaria — Valentine  and 

Clarissa  are  reconciled this  C.   is  equal  to  the 

Miser,  and  much  superiour  to  any  other  of  Fielding's 
plays — Mrs.  Giffard  says  in  the  Epilogue— 

"  For  spite  of  all  the  strength  which  men  rely  in, 
"  We  very  rarely  fall — without  complying." 

Feb.  24.  Never  acted,  Fate  of  Villany.  Sebastian 
=  Giffard  :  King  of  Arragon  =  Will  Giffard  :  Rami- 
rez =  Buddy:  Alonzo  (his  dependent)  =  Smith: 
Rinaldo  =  Williams  :  Victoria  (the  supposed  daugh- 
ter of  Ramirez)  =  Mrs.  Giffard :  Bellamante  dis- 
guised as  Carlos  =  Mrs.  Purden : — acted  3  times 
— the  Villain  is  Ramirez,  the  chief  minister  of 
the  King — Sebastian,  the  King's  general,  is  in 
love  with  Victoria — she  is  in  love  with  him — Ra- 
mirez has  a  hereditary  hatred  to  Sebastian — the 
King  falls  in  love  with  Victoria — Sebastian  returns 
in  triumph  with  prisoners,  one  of  whom  is  Rinaldo 
—Sebastian  owns  that  he  is  privately  married  to 
Victoria  —  the  King  banishes  Sebastian  —  Ramirez 
hires  two  bravoes  to  murder  him — an  account  is 
brought  that  Sebastian  is  dead — Victoria  is  compel- 
led to  marry  the  King — Sebastian  enters,  and  is  com- 
mitted to  prison — Rinaldo  discovers  himself  to  Se- 
bastian as  his  father — Carlos  is  discovered  to  be  a 
woman,  and  the  sister  of  Sebastian  —the  King  is  con- 
vinced of  Ramirez*  villany — in  the  last  act  Sebastian 
is  brought  to  the  scaffold — the  King  pardons  him— 
and  condemns  Ramirez  to  death — he  restores  Vic- 
toria to  Sebastian — she  turns  out  to  be  the  daughter 
of  Alonzo — Bellamante  enters  as  a  woman — the 


GOODMAN'S  FIELDS,   1729-1730.  277 

Kiug  offers  to  marry  her  immediately — this  sudden 
transfer  of  his  affections  is  ridiculous,  but  on  the 
whole  this  is  far  from  a  bad  T. — it  was  published 
without  the  author's  name,  but  it  is  attributed  to 
Walker  the  actor — some  parts  of  it  are  very  well 
written — others  very  poorly — it  has  strongly  the  ap- 
pearance of  being  an  alteration  of  some  old  play. 

April  2.  Never  acted,  Fashionable  Lady,  or  Har- 
lequin's Opera — this  is  a  moderate  Opera  by  Ralph 
—it  was  acted  9  times — it  is   very  deficient  in  plot 
and  incident,  but  the  dialogue  is  not  badly  written. 

28.  Not  acted  20  years,  Man's  Bewitched. 

June  8.  Never  acted,  Widow  Bewitched.  Colonel 
Courtly  =  W.  Giffard  :  Stanza  (a  pretender  to  poetry) 
=  Giffard  :  Cockade  (valet  to  the  Colonel)  =  Pinketh- 
man  :  Freelove  =  VV.  Williams  :  Anchor  (a  sailor)  = 
Collet :  Youug  Lady  Languish  =  Mrs.  Haughton  : 
Matilda  (niece  to  Old  Lady  Languish)  =  Mrs.  Gif- 
fard :  Mimick  (woman  to  Young  Lady  Languish)  = 
Mrs.  Mountford  :  Old  Lady  Languish  (mother  to  Sir 
George  Languish  and  Arabella)  —  Mrs.  Palmer : 
Arabella  =  Miss  Vaughan  : — acted  4  times — the 
Widow  Bewitched  is  Young  Lady  Languish — Sir 
George  Languish,  about  3  years  before  the  play 
begins,  had  been  taken  by  pirates  on  his  voyage  to 
Leghorn — since  which  time  he  had  not  been  heard 
of — Col.  Courtly  and  Arabella  were  mutually  in  love 
— the  Colonel,  notwithstanding  that  he  had  been  on 
the  most  intimate  terms  with  Matilda,  had  applied  to 
her  to  promote  his  success  with  Arabella — she  had 
engaged  to  do  so,  but  in  reality  had  excited  a  quarrel 
between  them— at  her  suggestion  Courtly  pays  his 
addresses  to  Young  Lady  Languish — she  meets  them 


278  GOODMAN'S  FIELDS,   1729-1730. 

more  than  half  way,  but  is  afraid  of  marrying  the 
Colonel,  as  she  is  under  no  certainty  of  her  husband's 
death — Arabella  retaliates  on  Courtly  by  accepting 
the  addresses  of  Stanza — Freelove  courts  Young 
Lady  Languish  for  the  sake  of  her  fortune — he  pro- 
mises Mimick  £500  if  she  can  bring  about  the  match 
— Mimick  engages  Anchor  to  tell  her  mistress  that 
he  was  present  at  Sir  George's  funeral — Lady  Lan- 
guish communicates  this  circumstance  to  the  Colonel 
— he  acknowledges  that  his  love  for  her  was  only  a 
feint — in  the  5th  act  an  explanation  takes  place 
between  the  Colonel  and  Arabella — they  are  married 
— after  the  ceremony  is  over,  the  Colonel  borrows 
the  parson's  gown — and  in  that  disguise  he  marries 
Stanza  to  Mimick,  and  Matilda  to  Cockade — Stanza 
supposes  Mimick  to  be  Arabella — Matilda  supposes 
Cockade  to  be  the  Colonel — Young  Lady  Languish 
comes  forward,  and  declares  her  intention  of  marry- 
ing Freelove — this  obliges  Old  Lady  Languish  to 
produce  a  letter  from  her  son,  in  which  he  announces 

his  return  to  England this  C.  is  attributed  to 

Mottley — it  is  a  good  play — it  was  revived  at  D.  L. 
April  26  1786.  (Sills  from  B.  M.} 

In  the  List  of  Dramatic  Poets  1747*  Mottley  is 
said  to  have  given  the  public  the  book  that  bears  the 
title  of  "  Joe  Miller's  Jests" — it  was  a  collection 
made  by  him,  partly  from  other  books,  and  partly 
from  his  recollection  of  original  stories  in  conver- 
sation. 


HAY.     1730.  279 


HAY.  1730. 

In  March.  Author's  Farce  and  the  Pleasures  of 
the  Town.  Luckless,  the  author,  is  dunned  by  his 
landlady,  Mrs.  Moneywood — he  tells  her  he  has  no 
money,  but  that  he  will  pay  her,  if  his  play  should 
succeed — he  is  in  love  with  her  daughter,  Harriet- 
she  is  in  love  with  him — Witmore,  who  is  Luckless* 
friend,  pays  Mrs.  Moneywood — in  the  3d  act,  Luck- 
less* piece — the  Pleasures  of  the  Town — is  rehearsed 
—he  calls  it  a  Puppet-Show,  but  it  is  acted  by  men 
and  women — he  hopes  that  his  Puppet-Show  will 
expel  Farce  and  Opera,  as  they  have  done  Tragedy 
and  Comedy — one  of  the  scenes  lies  in  the  Court  of 
Nonsense — Signior  Opera — Don  Tragedio — Sir  Far- 
cical Comick — Dr.  Orator — Monsieur  Pantomime 
and  Mrs.  Novel  pay  their  respects  to  Nonsense — she 
thanks  them  all,  but  gives  the  preference  to  Signior 
Opera — at  the  conclusion,  Luckless  turns  out  to  be 
the  son  of  the  King  of  Bantam,  and  Mrs.  Money- 
wood  to  be  the  Queen  of  old  Brentford this  is 

one  of  those  irregular  pieces  in  which  Fielding  shines 
much  more  than  in  some  of  his  regular  Comedies— 
Witmore  says — "  When  the  Theatres  are  Puppet- 
"  Shows  and  the  Comedians  Ballad- Singers  ;  when 
"  fools  lead  the  Town,  wou'd  a  man  think  to  thrive 
"  by  his  wit?  If  you  must  write,  write  Nonsense, 
"  write  Operas,  write  Entertainments. 

Bookwright — "  There  are  your  acting  plays,  and 
your  reading  plays." 

Witmore — "  I  do  not  understand  that  distinction. 


280  HAY.  1730. 

Bookwright — "  Why,  Sir,  your  acting  play  is  en- 
"  tirely  supported  by  the  merit  of  the  Actor,  without 
"  any  regard  to  the  Author  at  all — In  this  case  it  sig- 
"  nifies  very  little  whether  there  be  any  sense  in  it  or 
"  no — Now,  your  reading  play  is  of  a  different  stamp, 
"  and  must  have  wit  and  meaning  in  it — these  latter 
"  I  call  your  Substantive,  as  being  able  to  support 
"  themselves — the  former  are  your  Adjective,  as 
"  what  require  the  buffoonery  and  gesture  of  an 
"  Actor  to  be  joined  to  them  to  show  their  significa- 
"  tion. 

"  A  play,  like  a  bill,  is  of  no  value  before  it  is  ac- 
"  cepted,  nor  indeed  when  it  is,  very  often — this  too 
"  is  a  plentiful  year  of  plays — and  they  are  like  Nuts : 
"  in  a  plentiful  year  they  are  commonly  very  bad." 

Marplay  the  Actor  says — "  For  their  hisses,  I 
"  have  been  used  to  them  ;  and  any  man  who  loves 
"  hissing  may  have  his  three  shillings  worth  of  me 
"  whenever  he  pleases." 

Tom  Thumb — the  2d  Edition  of  this  piece  was 
printed  in  1730 — it  was  then  called  a  Tragedy — not 
the  Tragedy  of  Tragedies — it  is  perhaps  the  best 
burlesque  Tragedy  ever  written — it  came  out  origi- 
nally in  2  acts,  but  the  great  success  which  it  met 
with  induced  Fielding  to  enlarge  it  to  3  acts — this 
was  effected  by  the  addition  of  the  character  of 
Glumdalca — by  Grizzle's  courtship  to  Huncamunca 
—his  fighting  with  Tom  Thumb,  &c. 

In  the  original  piece  Grizzle  kills  Tom  Thumb's 
Ghost — Fielding  in  the  preface  desires  those  who 
object  to  this  circumstance,  to  recollect  seriously 
whether  they  have  not  seen  in  several  celebrated 
plays  such  expressions  as  these — Kill  my  soul — Stab 


HAY.   1730.  281 

my  very  soul — Bleeding  soul — Dying  soul,  cum 
multis  aliis — all  which  visibly  confess,  that  for  a  Soul 
or  Ghost  to  be  killed  is  no  impossibility. 

In  some  of  the  editions  of  this  piece,  in  its  im- 
proved state  notes  are  added  to  point  out  J;he  par- 
ticular passages  Fielding  meant  to  ridicule. 

Rival  Father,  or  the  Death  of  Achilles — this  is  a 
poor  play  by  Hatchett — it  is  professedly  taken  from 
the  Death  of  Achilles  by  Corneille — the  plot  is 
contemptible  to  the  last  degree — the  Rival  Father  is 
Achilles — he  and  Pyrrhus  are  in  love  with  Polyxena 
— mythological  stories,  even  when  judiciously  treated, 
rarely  please  ;  but  when  the  principal  personages 
are  represented  contrary  to  received  notions,  they 
disgust — here  we  have  two  of  the  heroes  of  antiquity 
making  love  through  5  acts — besides  Pyrrhus  did 
not  come  to  the  Siege  of  Troy  till  after  his  father's 
death ;  see  the  Philoctetes  of  Sophocles  1.  346  to 
354. 

Female  Parson,  or  Beau  in  the  Suds — Lady 
Quibus  had  been  compelled  to  marry  Sir  Quibble 
Quibus — but  had  refused  him  the  privileges  of  a 
husband — Sir  Quibble  keeps  Miss  Lure — Capt. 
Noble  and  Lady  Quibus  are  mutually  in  love — by 
her  direction  he  finds  Sir  Quibble  at  Lure's — Sir 
Quibble  and  Lady  Quibus  agree  to  part — Pinner 
enters  disguised  as  a  Parson — she  says  that  as  she 
had  married  them^so  she  would  divorce^them — she 

*    -  €•• 

discovers  herself — Lady  Quibus  and  Noble  are  united 
— the  Beau  is  Modely — he  is  beaten  by  the  Captain 
— coaxed  out  of  a  watch  by  Lure — and  thrown  into 
the  suds  by  her.  bullies — this  Opera  in  3  short  acts 


282  D.  L.   1730-1731. 

was  written  by  Coffey — it  is  a  poor  piece — Whincop 
says  it  was  damned  on  the  first  night. 

Merry  Masqueraders,  or  the  Humorous   Cuckold 

—this  is  a  tolerable  C. — the  Editor  of  the  B.  D. 
says  it  was  twice  acted  at  the  Hay.  in  1730 — it  was 
reprinted  in  1734  as  the  Masquerade,  but  with  the 
former  running  title. 

Fatal  Love,  or  the  Degenerate  Brother — this  T. 
was  written  by  Wandesford — it  is  a  poor  play — the 
plot  is  evidently  stolen  from  the  Fatal  Marriage,  but 
with  considerable  alterations,  that  the  theft  might 

not  be  too  glaring. 


D.  L.  1730-1731. 

No  bills  for  September. 

Oct.  1.  Cato  =  Mills:  Sempronius  =  a  new  actor. 

3.  Not  acted  5  years,  Lady's  last  Stake.  Lord 
Wronglove  =  Wilks  :  Lord  George  Brilliant  =  Gibber : 
Sir  Friendly  Moral  —  Mills  :  Porter  —  Gibber  Jun  : 
Lady  Wronglove  =  Mrs.  Porter  :  Miss  Notable  =  Mrs. 
Gibber :  Lady  Gentle  —  Mrs.  Booth  :  Hartshorn  = 
Mrs.  Mills:  Mrs.  Conquest^Mrs.  Thurmond. 

6.  Amphitryon.  Phaedra  =  Mrs.  Mills  :  Bromia 
=  Mrs.  Wetherhilt. 

8.  Wit  without  Money.  Valentine  =  Wilks  : 
Francisco  =  Watson  :  Lovegood  =  Shepherd  :  Lance 
=  Griffin  :  Shorthose  =  Norris  :  Fountain  =  Gibber 


D.  L.  1730-1731.  283 

Jun :  Roger  =  Harper :  Lady  Hartwell  =  Mrs.  Heron : 
Isabella  =  Mrs.  Gibber:  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Mills: — with 
Strollers. 

10.  Not  acted  10  years,  Greenwich  Park.  Young 
Reveller=Cibber  :  Sir  Thomas  Reveller  =  Harper  : 
Raison  =  Johnson  :  Sasafras  =  Shepherd :  Lord 
Worthy  =  Bridgewater  :  Florella  =  Mrs.  Booth  : 
Dorinda  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Violante  =  Mrs.  Butler  : 
Lady  Hazards  Mrs.  Grace  :  Mrs.  Raison  =  Mrs. 
Mills  :  Aunt  =  Mrs.  Wetherhilt : — acted  4  times. 

17.  Venice  Preserved.     Jaffier  =  Wilks. 

20.  Not  acted  10  years,  Fair  Quaker.  Flip=r 
Harper  :  Mizen  r=  Gibber  Jun. :  Sailors]  =  Norris, 
Griffin,  Shepherd,  &c.  :  Dorcas  =  Mrs.  Gibber  : 
Arabella—  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Belinda  -  Mrs.  Butler : 
Jenny  Private  =  Miss  Vaughan. 

22.  Love's  last  Shift.     Hillaria  =  Mrs.  Heron. 

24.  Theodosius 28.  Busy  Body. 

29.  Rehearsal 31.  Timon  of  Athens. 

Nov.  26.  Man  of  the  Mode — only  bill  in  this 
month. 

Dec.  1.  Othello.     Roderigo  =  Gibber  Jun. 

2.  Chances.  Antonio  =  Shepherd  :  1st  Gonstantia 
=  Mrs.  Gibber  :  2d  Constantia  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

7.  Fair  Penitent.     Bridgewater  arid  Mrs.  Thur- 
mond certainly  acted  Lothario    and    Calista — and 
probably  on  this  evening.     F. 

8.  Relapse. 

9.  Oronooko — a   young  actor  made  his    1st  ap- 
pearance in  the  character  of  Oronooko — this  was 
Marshall. 

10.  Fatal  Marriage. 

1 1 .  Never  acted,  Medfea.     Jason  =  Wilks  :  Creon 


284  D.  L.  1730-1731. 

(King  of  Corinth)  =  Mills  :  .ZEgseus  (King  of  Athens) 
=  W.  Mills  :  Medsea  =  Mrs.  Porter  :  Creusa  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond  :  Ethra  (sister  to  Medaea)  =  Mrs.  Horton : 
— acted  three  times — this  T.  was  written  by  Johnson 
—it  is  neither  a  good,  nor  a  bad  play — the  charac- 
ter of  Medsea  is  tolerably  well  supported,  but  it  is 
veiy  inferior  to  the  same  character  in  Euripides. 

In  the  Medea  of  Euripides,  Jason  marries  Glauca, 
the  daughter  of  Creon — Medea  is  indignant  to   the 
last  degree  at  being  deserted  by  a  man  who  was  under 
such  great  obligations  to  her — Creon  orders   Medea 
to  leave  Corinth — she  obtains  permission  from  him 
to  continue  there  for  one  day — Jason  visits  Medea 
—she  meets  him  with  reproaches — ^Egeus  comes  to 
Corinth — he  promises  Medea  an  asylum  at  Athens — 
Medea,  having  secured  this  important  point,  deter- 
mines to  revenge  herself  on  the  father,  the  husband, 
and  the  bride — for  this  purpose  she  requests  Jason 
to  come  to  her — she  pretends  to  submit  to  her  doom 
with  patience — she  sends  a  crown  and  a  robe  to 
Glauca  as  a  present — Glauca  puts  them  on,  and  dies 
in  a  dreadful  manner,  the  crown  and  robe  being  im- 
pregnated with  deadly  poison — Creon  embraces  his 
daughter,  and  is  involved  in  her  fate — Medea  kills 
her  children,  after  a  struggle  between  her  love  for 
them,  and  her  desire  to  revenge  herself  on  Jason— 
the  play  concludes  with  mutual  reproaches  between 
Jason  and  Medea — Medea  makes  her   escape  in  a 
chariot  given  her  by  the  Sun — this  is  one  of  the  best 
of  Euripides'  Tragedies. 

Seneca  in  his  Medea  does  not  differ  materially  from 
Euripides — he  calls  Creon's  daughter  Creusa. 

Johnson  has  founded  his  play  on  that  of  Euripides 


D.  L.  1730-1731.  285 

—but  he  makes  some  important  changes  in  the  story 
— ^Egeus  is  improperly  made  three  syllables  instead 
of  two,  and  he  is  most  absurdly  said  to  have  fallen 
in  love  with  Medea  at  Colchis,  before  Jason  sailed 
thither  in  the  Argo,  which,  according  to  the  poets, 
was  the  first  ship — Creusa  dies  on  the  stage — Creon 
stabs  himself — Medea  kills  herself,  but  not  her  chil- 
dren— in  the  Greek  and  Latin  play  the  daughter  of 
Creon  is  not  one  of  the  D.  P. — Medea's  Nurse  is  a 
character  of  some  importance — Johnson  has  turned 
her  into  the  sister  of  Medea,  perhaps  thinking  that 
the  original  character  would  not  suit  an  English  au- 
dience— Glover  in  his  Medea  has  managed  the  story 
much  better  than  Johnson — see  D.  L.  March  24  1767 

Charles  Johnson  in  his  preface  says,  that  Mrs. 

Porter's  performance  was  wonderful,  and  that  the 
glorious  spirit  with  which  she  rose  in  her  action 
would  have  saved  the  Tragedy,  if  it  had  had  fair  play 
—he  complains  with  reason  of  some  young  men  be- 
longing to  the  Inns  of  Court,  who  came  with  a  deter- 
mination to  damn  the  piece  ;  and  if  (as  he  observes) 
humanity,  generosity,  honour,  candour  and  good 
manners  are  the  characteristics  of  a  Gentleman ;  they, 
who  conduct  themselves  in  a  playhouse  without  any 
of  these  qualifications,  do  not  deserve  that  name — 
Johnson  should  have  quoted  for  his  Motto  a  line  from 
the  Medea  of  Seneca— 

"  Si  judicas  cognosce — si  regnas  jube" 
Medea  in  Euripides  says  - 

i  yvvotiKtt; 


286  D.  L.  1730-1731. 

O  Corinthian  women  I  am  come  out  of  the  houses 
— the  line  however  may  with  propriety  be  understood 
to  mean — the  Corinthian  women  are  come  out  of 
their  houses — in  which  sense  it  was  applied  by  Euthy- 
mus  to  the  Corinthians  under  Timoleon  in  Sicily— 
the  joke  was  a  good  one,  but  it  cost  Euthymus  his 
life,  for  the  soldiers,  when  they  took  him  prisoner, 
were  so  enraged  at  the  insult  that  they  killed  him. 
(Plutarch.) 

Dec.  17.  Tempest 21.  Silent  Woman. 

2.6  Unhappy  Favourite 29.  Cato  =  Marshall. 

31.  Henry  4th  part  1st.  Hotspur  by  the  Gentle- 
man who  obliged  the  house  by  his  performance  last 
year. 

Jan.  2  Orphan. 

5.  Mrs.  Porter  acted  Athanais,  F. 

6.  Whig  and  Tory 8.  Alchemist. 

12.  Old  Batchelor 15.  Spanish  Fryar. 

19.  Tamerlane.     Bajazet  =  Marshall. 

20.  Never  acted,  the  Lover.     Granger  =  W.  Mills : 
Eustace  =  Mills :  Capt.  Smart  =  Gibber  Jun.  :  Sir 
John  Trueman  =  Williams  :  Modely  =  Bridgewater : 
Squire  Timberdown  =  R.  Wetherhilt  :  Loveless  =  A. 
Hallam  :  Eugenio  =  Watson  :  Constable  =  Harper  : 
Inanthe  (daughter  to  Sir  John)  =  Mrs.  Gibber  :  Har- 
riet =  Mrs.  Heron:  Leetitia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond :  Isabel 
(a  woman  of  the  town)  —  Mrs.  Butler : — Granger  is 
very  punctual  in  his  attendance  at  Church,  and  appa- 
rently  a  moral  man — in  reality  his  principles  are 
very  bad — he  had  seduced  Lsetitia,  who  was  his  ward, 
and  had  gotten  possession  of  her  fortune — Granger 
and  Loveless  are  suitors  to  Inanthe— she  pretends 
that  her  father  is  ruined — Loveless  drops  her  acquaint- 


D.  L.    1730-1731. 

ance — Granger  makes  proposals  to  her  for  going  into 
keeping  with  him — Eustace  is  honourably  in  love 
with  Inanthe,  but  does  not  make  his  passion  known 
to  her,  till  he  supposes  she  has  lost  her  fortune — she 
is  pleased  with  his  generosity  and  accepts  his  propo- 
sals— Granger  attempts  to  have  Eustace  murdered — 
Eugenio  is  a  part  of  no  importance,  but  he  seems  to 
give  the  title  to  the  play  rather  than  Eustace — he  had 
fallen  in  love  with  Harriet,  who  was  at  that  time 
very  young — he  had  made  no  person  acquainted  with 
his  love  for  her  but  Sir  John — he  had  gone  abroad 
with  a  view  to  make  his  fortune  equal  to  hers — on 
his  return  she  marries  him — at  the  conclusion,  Gran- 
ger's real  character  is  completely  discovered — Laetitia 
is  likely  to  recover  her  fortune — this  play  was  acted 
about  9  times — it  is  a  sensible  dull  Comedy,  precisely 
the  reverse  of  what  might  have  been  expected  from 
Theo.  Gibber — its  chief  merit  consists  in  the  charac- 
ter which  he  wrote  for  himself — the  players  omitted 
several  speeches  in  the  representation,   which  must 
have  been  greatly  to  the  advantage  of  the  play,  but 
T.  Gibber  thought  proper  to  print  it  as  originally 
written. 

27.  Indian  Emperour.  Montezuma  =  Mills  : 
Cortez  =  Wilks  :  Odmar  =  Bridgewater  :  Almeria  = 
Mrs.  Porter:  Cyd ari a  =  Mrs.  Gibber :  Alibech  =  Mrs. 
Horton. 

Feb.  3.  Distressed  Mother — 4«.  Funeral — 5.  Rover. 
8.  Jovial  Crew.  Hearty  =  Harper  :  Oldrents  = 
Shepherd  :  Springlove  =  Mills  :  Vincent  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Hilliard  =  Charke  :  Justice  Clack  =  Griffin  : 
Oliver  =  W.  Mills :  Randal  =  Johnson  :  Patrico  = 
Boman  :  Martin  =  R.  Wetherhilt :  1st  Beggar-man 


288  D.  L.  1730-1731. 

=  Berry  :  Rachel  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Meriel  =  Mrs. 
Gibber  :  Amie  =  Miss  Raftor  :  2d  Beggar-woman  = 
Miss  P.  Vaughan : — this  was  Brome's  play  turned 
into  an  Opera  in  3  acts — the  alteration  was  effected 
by  curtailing  the  dialogue,  leaving  out  the  exception- 
able parts,  and  adding  a  considerable  number  of 
songs,  most  of  which  are  vastly  superiour  to  the  trash 
usually  put  into  an  Opera — the  character  of  Tallboy 
should  on  no  account  have  been  omitted. 

17.  For  the  bt.  of  Savage,  author  of  several  poeti- 
cal pieces.     Orphan.     Polydore  =  Marshall. 
19.  Double  Gallant. 

22.  Never  acted,  Eurydice.  Periander  (King  of 
Corinth)  =  Mills :  Procles  (Tyrant  of  Epidaurus)  = 
Marshall :  Polydore  (son  to  Periander  and  Eurydice) 
=  Hallam :  Leonidas  (a  nobleman,  secretly  in  the 
Queen's  interest) = Bridge  water :  Medon  (the  favourite 
of  Procles)  —  W.  Mills  :  Eurydice  (Queen  of  Corinth) 
=  Mrs.  Porter  :  Melissa  (her  confidant)  =  Mrs. 
Butler  : — acted  about  13  times — during  the  absence 
of  Periander,  Procles  had  gotten  possession  of  Corinth 
— at  the  opening  of  the  play,  Periander  is  shipwrecked 
near  Corinth — he  is  taken  prisoner  by  the  guards  of 
Procles  —  Procles  is  in  love  with  Eurydice  — she 
rejects  his  addresses — Medon  had  artfully  contrived 
to  make  Periander  believe,  that  Eurydice  had  yielded 
herself  to  the  embraces  of  Procles — when  Periander 
is  brought  in  by  the  guards,  Eurydice  is  on  the  stage 
with  Procles — this  confirms  Periander  in  his  jealousy 
— in  the  4th  act,  Polydore,  who  had  been  left  behind 
with  a  part  of  Periander's  forces,  makes  an  attack 
on  Corinth — the  Corinthians  open  the  gates  to  him— 
Procles  is  taken  prisoner — Periander  is  restored  to 


D.L.  1730-1731.  289 

his  throne — he  still  believes  Eurydice  to  have  been 
false  to  him — she  enters  and  kneels  to  him — he  makes 
his  exit  without  speaking  to  her — she  poisons  herself 
— when  it  is  too  late  Periander  is  convinced  of  her 
innocence — she  dies — Periander  draws  his  sword  to 
stab  himself — his  friends  seem  to  prevent  him — he 
throws  himself  by  the  body — and  dies — Procles  had 
killed  himself — there  is  a  striking  resemblance  be- 
tween this  play  and  Tracy's  Periander,  which  had 
been  brought  out  at  L.  I.  F.  on  the  13th  of  Jan. — 
each  of  them  is  founded  on  the  Travels  of  Cyrus- 
Mallet  has  however  made  considerable  changes  in 
the  story,  particularly  in  the  character  of  Polydore, 
and  in  the  manner  of  Eurydice's  death — some  parts 
of  his  play  are  well  written,  but  on  the  whole  it  is  an 
indifferent  T. — it  excites  no  interest — Eurydice  was 
revived  at  D.  L.  March  3  1759,  but  without  success. 

March  8.  Henry 4th  part  1st.  Hotspur=Gentleman. 

15.  For  bt.  of  Mills.  Rule  a  Wife.  Estifania  = 
Mrs.  Heron  :  Old  Woman  =  Mr.  Griffin  :  with  What 
d'ye  call  it  ?  Timothy  Peascod  =  Gibber  Juri. 

20.  Never  acted,  Highland  Fair,  or  the  Union  of 
the  Clans.  Charles  (Captain  of  an  Independent 
Company)  =  W.  Mills  :  Willy  (his  Serjeant  and  pimp) 
=  Johnson  :  Donald  (an  old  vassal  of  Euen)  — 
Harper  :  Duncan  (an  old  vassal  of  Colin)  =  Paget : 
Alaster  (son  to  Donald)  =  Fielding  :  Davy  (son  to 
Duncan)  =  Mrs.  Roberts  :  Kenneth  (Alaster's  com- 
panion) =  Berry  :  Maggy  (sister  to  Kenneth)  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond :  Jeany  (daughter  to  Duncan)  =  Miss 
Vaughan  :  Nanny  (daughter  to  Donald)  =  Miss  Raf- 
tor  : — the  scene  lies  on  the  Braes,  between  the  High- 
lands and  Lowlands  of  Scotland — Euen,  a  Highland 

VOL.   III.  U 


D-  L.  1730-1731. 

Chief,  and  Colin,  a  Braes  Laird,  had  partly  agreed  to 
meet  at  the  Fair,  and  put  an  end  to  the  feuds,  which 
had  so  long  subsisted  betwen  their  clans — in  order 
to  cement  the  union,  it  was  settled  that  Alaster  and 
Nanny  should  be  married  to  Jeany  and  Davy — Alaster 
and  Jeany  are  mutually  in  love — Nanny  is  in  love 
with  Kenneth— Kenneth  is  in  love  with  her — Davy 
is  in  love  with  no  one  but  himself — Kenneth  wishes 
to  prevent  the  union  that  he  may  not  lose  Nanny — 
a  quarrel  takes  place  between  the  clans — Charles  and 
Alaster  by  their  exertions  restore  tranquillity — Charles 
takes  Kenneth  and  Davy  into  custody,  and  confines 
them  in  separate  tents — Kenneth  makes  Willy  drunk, 
and  escapes — he  marries  Nanny  privately  and  returns 
to  his  prison — Maggy  is  a  buxom  widow — she  gives 
Charles  encouragement,  but  seemingly  without  any 
intention  of  granting  him  what  he  wants — she  marries 
Davy — at  the  conclusion,  the  two  Chiefs  meet — the 
ceremony  of  their  meeting  takes  place  in  dumb  show 
— Charles  and  Willy  are  very  good  characters — this 
Opera  in  3  acts  was  acted  about  3  times — it  was 
written  by  Mitchell— it  is  a  very  pleasing  piece — the 
dialogue  is  simple,  sensible  and  sprightly — without 
any  mixture  of  the  Scottish  Dialect,  it  being  the 
author's  intention  to  represent  the  music,  manners, 
and  dresses  of  his  countrymen  rather  than  their 
dialect — Fielding  (as  quoted  in  the  B.  D.)  says,  that 
the  audience  sat  three  nights  staring  at  each  other, 
and  scarce  knowing  what  to  make  of  their  entertain- 
ment ;  on  the  4th  they  joined  in  a  laugh  of  explosion, 

which  the  author  mistook  for  approbation this 

story  may  be  true,  but  if  true,  it  is  strange,  as  Mit- 
chell in  an  introduction  between  a  Critick  and  the 
Poet  had  clearly  explained  the  nature  of  his  piece. 


D.  L.   1730-1731.  291 

22.  Mrs.  Booth's  bt.  Jane  Shore.  Hastings  by 
a  Gentleman  :  Shore  =  Bridgewater :  Jane  Shore  = 
Mrs.  Thurmond  : — on  the  12th  it  was  said  that  Booth 
would  set  out  for  Montpelier  for  the  recovery  of  his 
health. 

25.  Mrs.  Thurmond's  bt.  Provoked  Wife.  Lady 
Brute  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  with  Lover's  Opera. 

29.  Mrs.  Horton's  bt.  Way  of  the  World.  Mil- 
lamant  =  Mrs.  Horton  : — she  seems  to  have  played 
the  part  on  Jan.  14  when  the  Way  of  the  World  was 
acted. 

April  1.  Johnson's  bt.  Sir  Courtly  Nice.  Sir 
Courtly  =  Gibber :  Crack  =  Cibber  Jun. :  Hothead  = 
Shepherd  :  Testimony  =  Johnson  :  Surly  =  Harper  : 
Leonora  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Violante  =  Mrs.  Butler : 
Aunt  =  Mrs.  Wetherhilt. 

5.  For  bt.  of  Cibber  Jun.  and  Mrs.  Cibber.  Lover, 
with  Jovial  Crew  in  one  Act — Note,  books  of  the 
Play  and  Opera  will  be  sold  at  the  Theatre — Cibber 
Jun.  acted  Springlove. 

8.  Harper's  bt.  Love  for  Love.  Valentine  = 
Wilks  :  Foresight  =  Johnson  :  Tattle  =  Cibber  :  Ben 
=  Harper:  Scandal =W.  Mills:  Sir  Sampson  Legend 
=  Shepherd  :  Trapland  =  Griffin  :  Angelica  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond  :  Mrs.  Frail  =  Mrs.  Porter :  Miss  Prue  = 
Mrs.  Cibber  :  Mrs.  Foresight  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Nurse 
=  Mrs.  Willis. 

10.  Mourning  Bride. 

2 1 .  Strategem.  Archer  =  Wilks :  Scrub  =  Griffin  : 
Ai  m  well  =  M  ills  :  Boniface  =  Shepherd:  Foigard  = 
Cibber  Jun.  :  Gibbet  =  Cibber  :  Sullen  =  Harper  : 
Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Dorinda  =  Mrs.  Heron : 
Cherry  is  omitted. 

u  2 


292  D.  L.    1730-1731. 

22.  Miss  Raftor  acted  Miss  Prue  for  her  bt.  with 
Contrivances — probably — Argus  =  Griffin  :  Arethusa 
=  Miss  Raftor.  F. 

No  more  bills  in  April. 

May  1.  Constant  Couple.  Beau  Clincher  =  Gibber 
Jun. :  Dicky  is  omitted :  Lady  Lurewell  =  Mrs. 
Horton  :  Angelica  rz  Mrs.  Booth  :  Parly  =  Mrs.  Mills. 

3.  Double  Gallant.  Lady  Sadlife  =  Mrs.  Heron  : 
Lady  Dainty  — Mrs.  Horton  :  Clarinda  =  Mrs.  Thur- 
mond :  Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Gibber. 

7.  For  bt.  of  Marshall.     Oronooko  =  Marshall : 
Aboan  =  W.  Mills :  Governour  =  Bridgewater  :  Capt. 
Driver  =  Johnson :  Daniel  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Imoinda  = 
Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Widow  =  Mrs.  Wetherhilt. 

8.  R.  Wetherhilt  played  Timothy  Peascod  for  his  bt. 
1 0.  For  bt.  of  Fielding  and  Paget.    Relapse.    Be- 

rinthia=  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  with  Phoebe.  Chaunter 
=  Bridgewater  :  Phoebe  =  Miss  Raftor  :  Tib  Tatter 
=  Mra.  Willis. 

12.  For  bt.  of  Hallam,  Berry,  Roberts,  and  Miss 
Vaughan.  Indian  Emperour  with,  never  acted, 
Sailor's  Opera. 

17-  Macbeth.  Lenox  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Witches  = 
Griffin,  Shepherd,  and  R.  Wetherhilt. 

18.  Henry   8th.      Buckingham  =  Bridgewater  : 
Norfolk  =  W.  Mills :  Surry  =  Cibber  Jun . :  Cromwell 
=  Watson  : — rest  as  before. 

19.  Henry  4th  part  2d.     King  =  Mills  :  Prince  of 
Wales  =  W.  Mills  :  Westmoreland  =  Bridgewater  : 
Chief  Justice  =  Boman  :    Lancaster  =  Marshall  : 
Archbishop  of  York  =  Paget :  Archbishop  of  Canter- 
bury =  Cory:  Hastings  =  Watson :  Falstaff=  Harper: 
Shallow  =  Cibber:  Pistol  =  Cibber  Jun.  :  Poins  = 
Gates  :    Bardolph  =  Shepherd  :    Silence  =  Griffin  : 


D.  L.    1730-1731.  293 

Feeble  =  Gates :  FalstafFs  boy  =  Miss  Robinson  : 

Hostess  =  Mrs.  Wetherhilt :    Dol  Tearsheet  =  Mrs. 

Shireburn: — as  this  bill  is  printed,  Gates  probably 

played  both  the  characters  assigned  him — last  play. 

31.  For  the  bt.  of  the  brothers  and  sisters  of  Mr. 

Charles  Williams  deceased.     Busy  Body.     Marplot 

=  Gibber  Jun. :   Sir  George  Airy  =  W.  Mills :  Sir 

Francis   Gripe  =  Harper :    Sir  Jealous   Traffick  = 

Shepherd  :     Charles  =  Marshall  :     Whisper  =  R. 

Wetherhilt :  Miranda  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Patch  =  Mrs. 

Mills:    Isabinda  =  Mrs.   Gibber: — with   a    Scotch 

ballad  Opera  called  Patie  and  Peggy.     Patie  =  Mrs. 

Roberts  :  Roger  —  Gibber  Jun. :  Sir  William  Worthy 

(Patie's  father)  =  Corey  :    Glaud  and  Symon  (Sir 

William's  tenants)  =  Fielding  and  A.  Hallam  :  Peggy 

—  Miss  Raftor :  Jenny  —  Miss  M.  Vaughan  :  Margery 

=  Mrs.  Shireburn  : — Patie  and  Peggy  are  mutually 

in  love — Sir  William  returns  from  abroad — Peggy 

proves  to  be  his  niece — and  he  is  pleased  with  the 

union  of  Patie  and  Peggy,    which  he  had  at  first 

opposed — this  Ballad  Gpera  in  one  long  act  seems  to 

have  come  out  at  Theo.  Gibber's  bt.  April  20  1730— 

the  preface  is  dated  April  1730 — T.  Gibber  says — 

"  I  am  indebted  to  Ramsay's  Gentle  Shepherd  for 

"  the  greatest  part  of  the  following  piece    *    *    * 

"  I  have  scarcely  ventured  to  make  any  farther  altera- 

"  tions  than  were  absolutely  necessary,  in  bringing 

"  the  tale  within  the  compass  of  one  act,  adding  to 

"  the  number  of  songs,  and  changing  it   into  the 

"  English  dialect,  without  which  it  would  not  have 

"  been  intelligible  to  our  auditors ;  nor  indeed  had 

"  I  time  to  vary  it  more,  my  Benefit  being  fixed  be- 

"  fore  I  had  laid  my  design,  which  was  planned  and 


294  D.  L.   1730-1731. 

"  finished  in  one  day" — Theo.  Gibber  seems  to  have 
managed  the  alteration  pretty  well — he  has  omitted 
the  characters  of  Bauldy  and  Mause,  and  shortened 
all  the  scenes. 

Williams  was  a  promising  actor  who  died  young — 
(Theo.  Gibber.} — he  was  buried  at  Battersea — the 
actors  attended  his  Funeral. 


Summer. 

June  4.  Fair  Quaker.  Arabella  =  Mrs.  Charke  : — 
Mrs.  Charke  says  that  her  2d  character  was  Alicia 
in  consequence  of  Mrs.  Porter's  accident — it  is  more 
probable  that  it  was  in  consequence  of  a  sudden  in- 
disposition of  Mrs.  Porter,  who  seems  to  have  played 
till  the  end  of  the  season — Mrs.  Charke  adds  that  her 
3d  part  was  the  Distressed  Mother  in  the  Summer. 

7.  Tempest.  Trincalo  =  Harper  :  Mustacho  = 
Gibber  Jun.  :  Caliban  =  Wetherhilt  Sen. :  Dorinda 
and  Amphitrtte  —  Miss  Raftor :  Sycorax  =.  Mr.  Charke. 

9.  Bonduca.  Caratach  =  Bridge  water :  Venutius 
=  Gibber  Jun.  :  Bonduca  —  Mrs.  Butler :  Bonvica  = 
Miss  Raftor  :  Claudia  =  Mrs.  Gibber :  with  Hob  by 
Gibber  Jun. 

11.  Libertine  Destroyed.  Don  John  =  Bridge- 
water:  Jacomo  =  Harper:  1st  Shepherd  =  Gibber 
Jun. :  Leonora  =  Mrs.  Butler :  Maria  =  Mrs.  Gibber : 
with  a  Ballad  Opera  called  the  Amours  of  Billings- 
gate— Melton  =  Berry :  Pyefleet  =  Gates  :  Harry 
Pyefleet  =  Charke  :  Jenny  Melton  =  Miss  Raftor : 
Peg  Wellfleet  =  Mrs.  Mills  -.—this  is  only  the  Cotter's 
Opera  with  a  new  name. 


i>.  L.   1730-1731.  295 

22.  Never  acted,  the  Merchant,  or  the  true  History 
of  George  Barnwell — if  this  bill  be  correct,  the  play 
was  originally  called  the  Merchant  simply — George 
Barn well= Gibber  Jun.:  Thorowgood  =  Bridgewater : 
Trueman  =  W.  Mills  :  Barnvvell's  Uncle  =  Roberts  : 
Blunt  =  R.  Wetherhilt :  Milwood  =  Mrs.  Butler : 
Maria  =  Mrs.  Gibber  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Charke  :  —  in 
Lillo's  works,  printed  in  1810,  Mrs.  Clarke's  name 
stands  to  Lucy — there  was  at  this  time  such  an 
actress  as  Mrs.  Clarke,  but  she  certainly  did  not  play 

Lucy this  T.  was  acted  to  crowded  houses ;  the 

many  happy  strokes  of  nature  and  passion  supplied 
the  imagined  deficiencies  of  art ;  and  Pope,  who  was 
present  at  the  first  representation,  observed  that  Lillo 
had  never  deviated  from  propriety,  except  in  a  few 
passages  in  which  he  aimed  at  a  greater  elevation  of 
language  than  was  consistent  with  character  and 
situation — many  persons  on  the  first  night  had  bought 
the  old  ballad  of  George  Barnwell  with  an  intent  to 
make  a  ludicrous  comparison  between  that  and  the 
new  play,  but  they  found  themselves  so  affected  with 
the  true  pathos  of  this  Tragedy,  that  they  threw 
away  the  ballad  and  took  out  their  handkerchiefs. 
(Life  of  Lillo.'} 

In  the  first  Edition  of  this  T.  the  last  act  consists 
of  11  scenes — the  10th  ends  with  George  Barnwell 
going  off  to  execution — the  llth  scene  is  short; 
Trueman,  Blunt,  and  Lucy  enter — the  last  says  that 
Milwood  goes  to  death  with  horror,  loathing  life  and 
yet  afraid  to  die — between  these  two  scenes  Lillo 
afterwards  inserted  another,  at  the  place  of  execution 
the  gallows  at  the  farther  end  of  the  stage— 
us  scene  tho*  omitted  in  the  modern  theatres,  was 


296  D.  L.  1730-1731. 

probably  acted  for  several  years — it  ought  never  to 
have  been  laid  aside — see  Bath  Jan.  29  1817. 

An  advertisement  prefixed  to  the  Christian  Hero 
and  dated  Feb.  8  1734-5,  states  that  the  5th  genuine 
edition  of  the  London  Merchant  was  that  day  pub- 
lished, with  a  new  Frontispiece  from  an  additional 
scene,  never  before  printed. 

Dr.  Percy  re-printed  the  old  Ballad  in  his  collec- 
tion— he  observes — "  The  Ballad  was  printed  at  least 
"  as  early  as  the  middle  of  the  17th  century :  the 
"  tragical  narrative  seems  to  relate  a  real  fact  j  but 
"  when  it  happened  I  have  not  been  able  to  uiscover" 
— Lillo  follows  the  Ballad  till  Milwood  sends  for  the 
Constable — in  the  Ballad  George  Barnwell  gets  off  by 
sea,  and  writes  a  letter  to  the  Lord  Mayor,  acknow- 
ledging his  own  guilt  and  that  of  Sarah  Milwood — 
she  was  seized  and  hanged  at  Ludlow,  where  George 
Barn  well's  uncle  had  lived — he  was  hanged  for  mur- 
der in  Polonia. 

In  1752  Dr.  Barrowby  was  sent  for  to  the  appren- 
tice of  a  capital  merchant ;  on  finding  that  the  fever 
the  young  man  was  in,  proceeded  from  uneasiness  of 
mind  he  pressed  him  to  confess  the  cause  of  it ;  which 
after  much  solicitation  he  did,  by  acknowledging  that 
he  had  formed  a  connection  with  a  kept  mistress,  and 
had  embezzled  £200  of  the  money  entrusted  to  his 
care :  but  that  on  going  a  few  nights  before  to  see 
Ross  in  George  Barnwell  and  Mrs.  Pritchard  in  Mil- 
wood,  he  was  so  forcibly  struck,  that  he  had  not 
enjoyed  a  moment's  peace  since,  and  wished  to  die 
to  avoid  the  shame  of  a  discovery — the  young  man's 
father,  by  Dr.  Barrowby's  recommendation,  paid  the 
money — the  son  recovered  and  lived  to  be  an  eminent 


D.  L.   1730-1731.  297 

merchant — Ross  received  at  his  benefit  for  9  or  10 
years  a  note  sealed  up  with  10  guineas  and  these 
words — "  a  tribute  of  gratitude  from  one  who  was 
"  highly  obliged  and  saved  from  ruin  by  seeing  Mr. 
"  Ross  in  G.  B." — the  story  at  large  is  in  the  4th  Vol. 
of  Lee  Lewes'  Memoirs,  in  a  letter  from  Ross  dated 
1787. 

June  25.  London  Merchant  2d  time ;  with  sing- 
ing by  Miss  Raftor. 

Aug.  6.  Never  acted,  the  Devil  to  Pay,  or  the 
Wives  Metamorphosed — taken  from  the  Devil  of  a 
Wife  by  Jevon — Jobson  =  Harper  :  Sir  John  Love- 
rule  =  Stoppelear  :  Ananias  =  Charke  :  Gaffer  Dung- 
fork  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Nell  =  Miss  Raftor  :  Lady  Love- 
rule  =  Mrs.  Mills  :  —  Tickets  delivered  out  in  the 
author's  name  will  be  taken  on  any  night  that  this 
Opera  is  performed. 

This  alteration  was  made  by  Coffey  &c. — another 
alteration  was  afterwards  made  —  for  particulars  see 
B.  D. —  the  part  of  Nell  established  Miss  Raftor's 
reputation  and  occasioned  her  salary  to  be  encreased. 
7.  Daily  Post — We  hear  that  Miller,  (who  has  not 
appeared  on  any  stage  this  twelvemonth)  W.  Mills, 
and  Gates  design  to  entertain  the  town,  during  the 
time  of  Bartholemew  Fair,  with  a  new  Opera, 
called  the  Banished  General  or  Love  in  Distress. 

18.  Never  acted,  the  Triumphs  of  Love  and 
Honour.  Aristarchus  (King  of  Cyprus)  =  W.  Mills  : 
Philander  (his  General  )  =  Gibber  Jun:  Philocles 
(Prince  of  Rhodes)  =  R.  Wetherhilt :  Dion  (Friend 
to  Philander)  =  Fielding  :  Urania  (the  King's  daugh- 
ter— in  love  with  Philander)  =  Miss  Raftor  :  Thalia 
(sister  to  Philander)  =  Mrs.  Charke  : — Aristarchus 


298  D.  L.   1730-1731. 

acknowledges  his  obligations  to  Philander  for  having 
repelled  the  enemies  who  had  invaded  Cyprus — he 
tells  him  to  ask  a  reward — Philander  asks  for  Urania 
— Aristarchus  says  that  he  had  just  promised  her  to 
Philocles,  and  cannot  break  his  word — the  nuptial 
rites  are  begun — Urania  faints — the  ceremony  is 
deferred — she  makes  her  escape,  and  disguises  her- 
self as  a  shepherdess — Philander  and  Urania  meet 
—Philocles,  on  finding  that  Urania  is  in  love  with 
Philander,  resigns  his  pretensions  to  her — Aristar- 
chus gives  her  to  Philander — Dion  marries  Thalia — 
this  is  a  serious  play  by  Cooke  in  3  short  acts  and 
in  blank  verse — it  has  nothing  to  recommend  it — nor 
has  it  any  particular  fault. 

20.  London  Merchant  17th  time  with  Devil  to 
Pay — no  more  bills  and  probably  no  more  plays. 

(Bills  from  British  Museum — those  marked  F.  are 
from  Mr.  Field.) 

Mrs.  Porter  in  the  summer  of  1731  met  with  an 
accident,  which  occasioned  the  dislocation  of  her 
thigh-bone  ;  and  disabled  her  from  appearing  on  the 

stage  till  Jan.  25  1733 for  the  particulars  of  this 

accident  see  Davies'  Miscellanies  Vol.  3.  page  465. 

Jan.  28.  Mr.  Henry  Norris  of  D.  L.  was  married 
to  Mrs.  Jenny  Willis  daughter  of  Mrs.  Willis  of  the 
same  house.  (B.  M.) 

Norris  played  the  beginning  of  this  season,  but 
seems  not  to  have  acted  after  his  marriage — he  was 
born  in  1665  near  the  spot  where  Dorset  Garden 
Theatre  was  afterwards  built — his  mother  was  one 
of  the  first  female  performers,  (Cltetwood)  at  the 
Duke's  Theatre. 

Norris  was   on    the  Irish   stage  in   1695 — (diet- 


D.  L.   1730-1731.  299 

wood) — Victor  tells  us  that  Norris  as  an  actor  seemed 
to  derive  a  great  part  of  his  merit  from  the  oddity  of 
his  little  formal  figure  and  his  singular  squeaking 
tone  of  voice  ;  to  that  degree,  that  his  coming  into  a 
coffee  house  and  calling  to  the  waiter  in  his  soberest 
manner  would  have  raised  a  smile  in  the  face  of  the 
gravest  man  present — Chetwood  on  the  contrary 
says  that  he  spoke  Tragedy  very  well,  but  never  per- 
formed any  serious  part,  as  his  diminutive  figure 
must  have  made  the  sentiments  ridiculous — yet  he 
acted  Cato  gravely  to  Pinkethman's  Juba,  at  the 
latter's  theatre  at  Richmond,  while  Pinkethman  and 
the  rest  burlesqued  their  parts — in  the  summer  of 
1710,  he  acted  the  Dervise  in  Tamerlane  at  Green- 
wich, which  he  no  doubt  played  seriously,  as  the 
other  performers  were  regular  Tragedians — he  was 
the  best  Gomez  in  the  Spanish  Fryar  arid  Sir  Jasper 
Fidget  in  the  Country  Wife  that  Victor  ever  saw. 

Davies  says  Norris  died  about  1725,  which  is 
incorrect — Chetwood  says  he  was  born  in  1665  and 
died  in  his  69th  year,  that  is  in  1733  or  1734 — in 
the  bill  for  Nov.  15  1731  at  G.  F.  Gomez  is  said  to 
be  acted  by  Norris  from  Dublin,  son  of  the  late 
famous  comedian  of  that  name,  alias  Jubilee  Dicky 
—it  is  not  clear  whether  late  refers  to  the  father's 
death,  or  only  to  his  retirement  from  the  stage- 
there  is  good  reason  to  believe  that  Henry  Norris, 
who  married  Mrs.  Willis,  was  the  father  and  not  the 
son — the  point  however  is  not  absolutely  certain. 

Norris'  cJiaracters — selection  only. 
Dublin   1698.     Sir   Nicholas    Cully    in   Comical 


300  D.  L.  1730-1731. 

Revenge — Sir  Oliver  Cockwood    in  She  wou'd    if 
she  cou'd. 

D.  L.  1699.     *  Dicky  in  Constant  Couple. 

1700.  *  Pizalto  in  Perjured  Husband. 

1701.  *  Sancho  in  Love  makes  a  Man — *  Dicky 
in  Sir  Harry  Wildair. 

1702.  *  Mrs.  Fardingale  in  Funeral — *  Petit  in 
Inconstant. 

1703.  *  Symonds  in  Fair  Example — *  Martin  in 
Love's  Contrivance — Daniel  in  Oronooko. 

1703-1704.     Solon  in  Marriage-Hater. 

1704-1705.  *  Duenna  in  Gibralter— *  Tipkin  in 
Tender  Husband — Prigg  in  Royal  Merchant. 

Hay.    1706-1707.       Gomez — Testimony    in    Sir 
Courtly  Nice — Sir  Politick  Wou'dbe  in  the  Fox- 
Sir   Oliver  Cockwood — Moneytrap  —  Sir    Nicholas 
Cully — Cutbeard  in  Silent  Woman — Old  Bellair  in 
Man   of   the   Mode — *  Scrub — Shorthose    in    Wit 
without  Money — Gripus  in  Amphitryon — Spruce  in 
Fortune  Hunters — Dashwell  in   London   Cuckolds. 
— Sneak    in   Fond  Husband — Fernando   in    Fatal 
Marriage. 

1707-1708.  Snap  in  Love's  last  Shift—*  Sir 
Squabble  Splithair  in  Double  Gallant — Calianax  in 
Maid's  Tragedy — 1st  Witch — Justice  Clack  in  Jovial 
Crew. 

D.  L.  1708.  Sir  Thomas  Rash  in  Country  Wit— 
Learchus  in  .^Esop — Nicompoop  in  Love  for  Money 
— Osrick — Don    Lopez   in  Successful    Strangers- 
Tom  Sale  ware  in  Debauchee. 

1708-1709.  Dapper  in  Alchemist — Micher  in 
Stage  Coach. 

1709-1710.  Sir  Francis  Gripe— Obediah  in  Com- 


D.  L.  1730-1731.  301 

mittee — Foresight — *  Sir  Timothy  Tough  in  Walk- 
ing Statue — Sir  Martin  Marrall — Sancho  in  Mistake 
—Nurse  in  Caius  Marius. 

Greenwich — Summer  of  1710.  Dervise  in  Tamer- 
lane— Bubble  in  Fond  Husband. 

D.  L.  1710-1711.  Francis  in  Henry  4th— Heyho 

in  Rehearsal — *  Flyblow  in   Generous  Husband — 

Old  Woman  in  Rule  a  Wife — Setter  in  Old  Batchelor 

— Fourbin  in  Soldier's  Fortune — Col.  Hack  well  Sen. 

in  Volunteers. 

1711-1712.  Sir  Arthur  Oldlove  in  Madam  Fickle 
— *  Dick  in  Country  Wake  as  Farce — *  Spitfire 
in  Wife's  Relief — Pamphlet  in  Love  and  a  Bottle — 
Worm  in  Cutter  of  Coleman  Street. 

1713-1714.  *  Sir  Tristram  Gettall  in  Apparition 
— *  Don  Lopez  in  Wonder — Merryman  in  Amorous 
Widow — Sir  Arthur  Addell  in  Sir  Solomon. 

1714-1715  Day  in  Committee—*  Tim  Shackle- 
figure  in  Country  Lasses — *  Peter  Nettle  in  What 
d'ye  call  it — Bisket  in  Epsom  Wells — Sir  Jasper 
Fidget  in  Country  Wife. 

1715-1716.  *  Gardener  in  Drummer — Barnaby 
Brittle  — Ignoramus. 

1716-1717.  Little  French  Lawyer. 

1717.1718.  *  Buskin  in  Play's  the  Plot— Gripe  in 
Love  in  a  Wood. 

1718-1719.  Fondlewife. 

1720.1721.  Pistol  in  Henry  4th  pt.  2d. 

1729-1730.  *  Timothy  in  Humours  of  Oxford. 

*   Originally. 


302  L.  i.  F.  1730-1731. 


L.  I.  F.   1730-1731. 

Sept.  16.  King  Lear 18.  Country  Wife. 

23.  Strategem  with  Damon  and  Phillida. 

25.  Henry  4th 28.  Oronooko. 

SO.  Beggar's  Opera. 

Oct.  1.  Emperor  of  the  Moon. 

2.  Recruiting  Officer. 

7.  Jew  of  Venice.     Gratiano  =  MU ward. 

12.  Fair  Quaker.  Flip  =  Hulett :  Mizen  =  Ray: 
Worthy  =  Ryan  :  Rovewell  =  Mil  ward  :  Sir  Charles 
Pleasant  =  Walker  :  Scruple  —  Hippisley  :  Dorcas 
Zeal  =  Mrs.  Laguerre :  Arabella  Zeal  =  Mrs.  Bullock : 
Belinda  =  Mrs.  Vincent.  F. 

14.  Othello.     Desdemona=  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

19-  Double  Dealer.  Brisk  =  Chapman  :  Lady 
Touchwood  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

21.  Royal  Merchant 26.  Mistake. 

23.  Woman's  Revenge.  Vizard  =  Chapman  : 
Freeman =Milward  :  Mother  Griffin  =  Mr.  Hippisley. 

27.  Unhappy  Favourite.  Essex  =  Ryan  :  South- 
ampton =  Walker :  Burleigh  =  Quiii :  Queen  Eliza- 
beth =  Mrs.  Berriman :  Nottingham  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

30.  Drummer.     Tinsel  =  Chapman. 

Nov.  2.  Maid's  Tragedy.     King  =  Boheme. 

3.  Spanish  Fryar 4.  Tamerlane. 

6.  JEsop.  Learchus  =  Hippisley  :  Oronces  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Fop  =  Chapman  :  Hortensia  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

10.  Never  acted,  Silvia,  or  the  Country  Burial. 
Sir  John  Freeman  =  Walker :  Welford  (his  tenant) 
=  Hulett:  Jonathan  (servant  and  pimp  to  Sir  John) 


L.  i.  F.  1780-1731.  303 

nHippisley:  Timothy  Stitch  =  Laguerre  :  Plough- 
share =  Sal  way  :  Gaffer  Gabble  =  Hall :  Silvia 
(daughter  to  Welford)  =  Mrs.  Cantrell :  Betty  =  Mrs. 
Egletori :  Goody  Busy  (a  midwife)  —  Mrs.  Martin: 
Dorothy  Stitch  =  Mrs.  Kilby  :  Lettice  Stitch  =  Mrs. 
Vincent :  Goody  Gabble  =  Mrs.  Rice  :  Goody  Cos- 
tive =  Mrs.  Forrester: — acted  3  times — Sir  John  is 
in  love  with  Silvia — she  is  in  love  with  him — he  is 
a  sworn  enemy  to  matrimony — he  wishes  her  to  live 
with  him  without  being  married — she  is  offended — 
Dorothy  Stitch  is  deposited  in  her  grave  on  the 
stage — Timothy  Stitch  determines  to  watch  all  night 
by  her  grave,  as  he  had  promised  her  to  do — she  was 
subject  to  fits,  and  afraid  of  being  buried  before  she 
was  dead — she  recovers  from  her  trance,  and  goes 
home  with  her  husband — their  daughter  Lettice  comes 
to  the  Churchyard  to  look  for  her  father — Sir  John 
meets  with  her,  and  easily  persuades  her  to  pass  the 
night  with  him — Betty,  Sir  John's  housekeeper,  who 
had  also  been  seduced  by  him,  is  angry  at  being  forced 
to  wait  upon  Lettice — she  tells  Welford  and  Silvia 
what  had  happened — at  the  conclusion,  Welford  de- 
clares that  Sir  John  is  his  son,  and  that  Silvia  is  the 
daughter  and  heiress  of  the  late  Sir  John  Freeman- 
Silvia  is  reconciled  to  her  lover — he  is  happy  to 
marry  her — he  makes  a  provision  for  Lettice — Jona- 
than marries  Betty — this  is  a  tolerable  good  Opera  in 
3  acts — the  fault  of  it  is,  that  Lillo  sometimes  makes 
his  characters  sing  in  very  improper  situations  — 
Goody  Busy  is  a  good  character. 

13.  Hamlet 14.  Rover. 

15.  Busy  Body 17-   Old  Batchelor. 

23.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Be vil^Quin:  Tom 


304  L.  i.  F.   H30-1731. 

=  Ryan  :  Myrtle  =  Walker  :  Cimberton  =  Hippisley : 
Sealand  =  Chapman  :  Sir  John  Bevil  =  Mil  ward  :  In- 
diana =  Mrs.  Buchanan  :  Phillis  =  Mrs.  Younger  : 
Isabella  =  Mrs.  Berriman  : — acted  about  9  times. 

Dec.  3.  False  Friend.  Don  John  =  Quin  :  Don 
Pedro  =  Ryan :  Don  Guzman  =  Walker  :  Don  Felix 
=  Mil  ward:  Lopez  =  Chapman :  Galindo  =  Hippisley. 
Leonora  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Jacinta  =  Mrs.  Egleton  : — 
this  bill  is  from  Mr.  Field's  collection,  the  Manuscript 
in  the  British  Museum  says  that  Boheme  played  Don 
Felix  on  this  evening,  and  that  it  was  his  last  per- 
formance— which  may  be  correct — Don  Felix  was 
Boheme's  part. 

4.  Never  acted  there,  (it  seems  to  have  been  acted 
at  the  Hay.)  Coffee-house  Politician,  or  the  Justice 
caught  in  his  own  Trap.  Squeezum  (a  trading  Jus- 
tice) =  Hippisley :  Ramble  =  Walker  :  Sotmore  = 
Hulett :  Politick  =  Chapman  :  Capt.  Constant  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Worthy  =  Ogden :  Staff  (a  constable)  =  Hall : 
Porer  =  Maclean  :  (Macklin)  Hilaret  =  Mrs.  Younger: 
Mrs.  Squeezum  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Isabella  (sister  to 
Worthy)  =  Mrs.  Boheme  :  Mrs.  Staffs  Mrs.  Kilby : 
Cloris  =  Mrs.  Stevens  : — acted  about  4  times — the 
Coffee-house  Politician  is  Politick — his  daughter,  Hi- 
laret, is  to  be  married  to  Constant — she  wishes  her 
father  good  night,  and  then  sets  off  with  her  woman, 
Cloris,  for  the  place  where  she  was  to  meet  her  lover — 
they  are  frightened  in  the  street,  and  separated — Ram- 
ble meets  Hilaret,  and  not  supposing  her  to  be  a  vir- 
tuous woman,  he  treats  her  accordingly — she  calls  out 
for  help — Staff  and  the  Watch  take  them  both  to  the 
Round-house — they  are  carried  the  next  morning  be- 
fore Squeezum — Squeezum  commits  Ramble  to  the 


L.  i.  F.  1730-1731.  30.5 

custody  of  Staff — and  offers  Hilaret  to  take  her  into 
keeping — she  pretends  to  accede  to  his  proposal— 
Constant  is  falsely  charged  with  having  attempted  a 
rape,  and  is  also  lodged  at  Staff's — Mrs.  Squeezum 
takes  a  fancy  to  Ramble,  and  procures  him  his  liberty 

—Squeezum  writes  a  letter  to  Hilaret,  and  appoints 
her  to  meet  him  at  a  tavern — she  keeps  the  appoint- 
ment, taking  care  to  have  Sotmore  within  call — the 
Justice  is  proceeding  to  take  liberties  with  her — she 
calls  for  help,  and  Sotmore  enters — they  force  him  to 
give  an  order  for  Constant's  release — Constant  is  set 
at  liberty — but  Squeezum  in  his  letter  to  Staff  had  di- 
rected him  to  come  to  him  with  his  assistants — Staff 
does  so — and  Squeezum  charges  Sotmore  and  Hila- 
ret with  a  conspiracy  against  him — in  the  last  scene 
they  are  brought  before  Justice  Worthy — Squeezum 
accuses  them — Brazencourt  and  another  false  wit- 
ness support  the  accusation — Mrs.  Squeezum  enters 
with  the  letter,  which  her  husband  had  written  to 
Hilaret — Squeezum's  villany  is  completely  discovered 

—Ramble  turns  out  to  be  the  son  of  Politick,  and 
the  husband  of  Isabella — Politick  agrees  to  the  union 
of  Constant  and  Hilaret— this  is  a  good  C.  by  Field- 
ing— the  humour  is  low  and  (as  may  be  supposed 
from  the  running  title  of  Rape  upon  Rape)  not  very 
decent — two  Farces,  the  Upholsterer  and  the  Adven- 
tures of  a  Night,  are  in  great  measure  taken  from 
this  play — Mrs.  Younger  in  the  Epilogue  asks  the 
Ladies — 

"  Pray,  do  all  your  frowns  arise 

"  Because  so  much  of  rape  and  rape  we  bawl  ? 
"  Or  is  it  that  we  have  no  rape  at  all  ? 

VOL.  III.  X 


306  L.  i.  F.  1730-1731. 

"  Indeed  our  poet  to  oblige  the  age, 
"  Had  brought  a  dreadful  scene  upon  the  stage ; 
"  But  I  perceiving  what  his  muse  would  drive  at, 
"  Told  him  the  Ladies  never  would  connive  at 
"  A  downright  actual  rape — unless  in  private 


->      9 

at,-\ 
at    > 
."   J 


Cooke  in  his  Life  of  Macklin  says — "  he  was  at 
"  first  rejected  by  Rich  ;  and  when  he  was  after- 
"  wards  let  in  to  the  theatre  (to  use  his  own  expres- 
"  sion)  for  his  salary  was  so  small  he  could  hardly 
"  say  he  was  engaged,  his  characters  were  very 
"  trifling — at  last  an  opportunity  presented  itself  of 
"  taking  him  out  of  this  drudgery — in  the  Coffee- 
"  house  Politician  some  part  was  originally  designed 
"  for  another,  who  either  failed  in  the  representation, 
"  or  was  taken  ill  after  the  first  night — on  the  spur 
"  of  the  occasion  Macklin  was  thought  of — he  more 
"  than  answered  the  author's  expectation,  for  if  we 
"  are  to  believe  his  own  opinion,  his  performance 
"  contributed  much  to  the  success  of  the  piece — and 
"  indeed  when  we  consider  that  this  C.  had  a  con- 
"  siderdble  run,  though  much  under  the  par  of 
"  Fielding's  general  abilities,  we  are  inclined  to  think 
"  Macklin  did  not  over  compliment  himself." 

Macklin's  name  stands  to  Porer,  a  part  of  four 
lines  and  half — it  is  not  very  probable  that  an  actor, 
who  had  been  cast  for  such  a  part,  should  on  an 
emergency  have  been  put  into  one  of  the  principal 
characters — and  if  Macklin  had  really  distinguished 
himself  on  such  an  occasion,  and  had  even  con- 
tributed to  the  success  of  the  piece,  it  is  strange 
indeed  that  we  should  hear  little  more  of  him  till  he 
was  engaged  at  D.  L.  in  1733—  1734<— besides  when 


L.  i.  F.  1730-1731.  307 

the  play  was  printed,  why  was  Maeklin's  name  put 
to  Porer,  and  not  to  the  part,  which  he  is  said  to 

have  played  after  the  first  night  ? Cooke   seems 

to  have  received  this  story  from  Macklin  himself,  and 
to  have  retailed  it,  without  considering  whether  it 

were   within   the   verge   of  probability   or  not 

Euripides  in  his  Helena  says — "  Nothing  is  more 
"  useful  to  mankind  than  a  prudent  mistrust " — a 
maxim  peculiarly  applicable  to  the  history  of  the 
stage. 

Congreve  in  his  Memoirs  of  Macklin  1798,  says— 
"  about  the  year  1725  he  was  engaged  by  Rich  at 
"  L.  I.  F.  where  he  performed  one  season  :  the  cha- 
"  racter  he  first  appeared  in,  according  to  his  own 
"  relation,  was  that  of  Alcander  in  CEdipus,  in  which 
"  he  spoke  so  little  to  the  satisfaction  of  the  Mana- 
"  ger,  that  a  separation  in  consequence  soon  took 
"  place — he  then  made  another  tour  into  the  country, 
"  and  the  first  notice  of  his  after  performance  ap- 
"  peared  on  Sept.  18  1730,  when  he  acted  Sir 
"  Charles  Freeman  in  the  Strategem,  at  Lee  and 
"  Harper's  great  Booth,  in  the  Uowling  Green, 
"  Southwark  :  from  his  undertaking  so  trifling  a 
"  character  in  so  indifferent  a  company,  it  may  be 
"  concluded,  that  Macklin,  as  an  actor,  was  not  then 
"  held  in  much  estimation — in  the  winter  of  the 
"  same  year  he  was  again  engaged  at  L.  I.  F.  and,  as 
"  he  himself  affirmed  at  a  time  when  his  memory 
"  was  not  impaired,  received  the  first  marks  of 
"  applause  in  the  small  part  of  a  false  evidence  in 
"  Fielding's  C.  of  the  Coffee-house  Politician— in 
"  the  printed  copy  of  this  play  his  name  stands 
"  against  the  character  of  Porer,  but  that  being  over 

x2 


308  L.  i.  F.  1730-1731. 

"  in  the  first  act,  he  appeared  again  in  the  fifth  in  the 
"  other  part  of  Brazencourt — he  used  to  say  he  had 
"  been  peculiarly  happy  in  dressing  the  character.*' 

Here  we  have  a  clear  and  consistent  account — 
Brazencourt  speaks  but  4  lines  and  half — but  they 
are  so  good,  that  it  is  highly  probable  Macklin  was 
applauded. 

Dec.  8.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Don  Lewis  = 
Pinkethman. 

14.  Orphan 15.  Momus  turned  Fabulist. 

16.  Provoked  Wife— —18.  School  Boy. 

21.  Cheats  of  Scapin 28.  Anatomist. 

30.  Macbeth  =  Quin  :  Macduff  =  Ryan  :  Banquo 
=  Milward  :  Lenox  =  Walker  :  Malcolm  =  Chap- 
man :  Hecate  =  Hall :  Witches  =  Bullock,  Pinketh- 
man, and  H.  Bullock  :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Berrt- 
man  :  Lady  Macduff=  Mrs.  Buchanan.  F. 

Jan.  4.  For  the  bt.  of  Dennis.     Volpone. 

8.  Merry  Wives.     Shallow  =  Chapman. 

12.  Amorous  Widow.     Merryman  =  Pinkethman. 

13.  Never  acted,  Periander.     Periander  (King  of 
Corinth)  =  Quin  :    Procles  (King   of  Epidaurus)  = 
Ryan  :    Hypsenor  =  Walker  :     Aristides  (Friend  to 
Periander)  =  Milward  :    Zeno  =  Hulett :    Alcander  = 
Chapman :  Lycophron  (son  to  Periander  and  Me- 
lissa) =  Clarke  :    Lycon  =  Ogden  :    General   of  the 
Thebans  =  llaughton  :  Melissa  (Queen  of  Corinth)  = 
Mrs.  Buchanan  :   Clarinda  =  Mrs.  Templar: — acted 
about  5  times — Periander  leaves  Corinth  to  make 
war  on  Corcyra — Zeno   and  Alcander,  two  of  the 
principal  men  of  Corinth,  endeavour  to  restore  their 
country  to  liberty — they  besiege  Melissa  in  the  fort 
to  which  she  had  retired — Procles  gets  possession  of 


L.  i.  F.  1730-1731.  309 

Corinth — he  makes  love  to  Melissa— she  rejects  his 
addresses,  and  is  sent  to  prison — Hypsenor  is  a 
treacherous  villain,  who  deserts  Periander  and  sides 
with  Procles — Periander  returns  to  Corinth  in  dis- 
guise— Hypsenor  finds  him  out,  and  tells  him  that 
Melissa  had  readily  yielded  herself  to  the  embraces 
of  Procles — he  also  informs  Periander  by  letter  that 
she  had  a  design  on  his  life— Lycon,  to  whose  cus- 
tody Melissa  had  been  committed,  sets  her  at  liberty 
— when  Melissa  comes  to  Periander,  she  is  stabbed 
by  him — Lycophron  draws  his  sword  on  Periander, 
but  afterwards  throws  it  away — the  Thebans  come 
to  the  assistance  of  Periander — Procles  and  Hyp- 
senor are  taken  prisoners — Periander  stabs  Procles, 
and  condemns  Hypsenor  to  death— he  restores  the 
Corinthians  to  their  liberty — the  catastrophe  is  pecu- 
liarly flat — Periander,  being  convinced  of  Melissa's 
innocence,  wishes  to  put  an  end  to  his  own  life— 
with  this  intent  he  orders  two  of  his  slaves  to  station 
themselves  by  the  sea,  and  to  kill  the  first  man  that 
should  pass  that  way — he  goes  off  the  stage  pur- 
posely to  be  killed  by  them — this  is  a  poor  T.  by 
Tracy — he  has  prefixed  to  it  the  history  of  Perian- 
der, but  instead  of  folio  wing  Herodotus  and  Diogenes 
Laertius,  be  has  founded  his  play  chiefly  on  a  French 
romance  called  the  Travels  of  Cyrus— according  to 
Herodotus  (see  book  3d)  Procles  was  the  father  of 
Melissa — -Tracy  calls  Melissa's  confidant  Clarinda, 
an  unpardonable  fault,  as  nothing  could  be  more 

easy  than  to  have  given  her  a  Grecian  name Dr. 

Ridley  was  present  when  this  T.  was  read  at  a 
Tavern,  where  the  author  gave  a  magnificent  supper 
on  the  occasion — the  Doctor  being  asked  how  he  and 


310  L.  i.  F.   1730-1731. 

his  brother  critics  liked  the  piece,  replied,  that  they 

were  all  unanimous  in  praise of  the  supper. 

OB.  D.) 

20.  London  Cuckolds.     Loveday=:Milward. 

28.  King  Lear  —  Quin  1st  time  :  Gloster  —  Hulett : 
Gentleman  Usher  —  Pinkethman  : — Quin,  who  had 
acted  Gloster  many  years  with  approbation  to  Bo- 
heme's  Lear,  was  on  his  death  persuaded  to  under- 
take the  part ;  but  he  fell  infinitely  short  of  his  pre- 
decessor in  almost  every  scene :  he  had  neither  the 
tender  nor  the  violent  emotions  of  the  soul,  and 
therefore  should  not  have  hazarded  his  reputation 
in  a  part,  for  which  nature  never  designed  him. 
(Davies.) 

Feb.  2.  Measure  for  Measure.  Angelo  =  Ryan  : 
— perhaps  a  mistake  in  the  manuscript  bill — Ryan 
usually  acted  Claudio — and  Mil  ward  seemed  to  have 
succeeded  Boheme  in  Angelo — see  May  17. 

3.  Never  acted,  Philotas — Philotas  =  Ryan  :  Clitus 
—  Quin  :  Craterus  (enemy  to  Philotas)  =  Hulett : 
Cassander  (friend  to  Philotas)  =  Walker  :  Arsaces 
(captive  to  Philotas)  =  Milward  :  Lysimachus  = 
Chapman  :  Antigona  (captive  to  Philotas)  =  Mrs. 
Berriman  :  Cleora  (wife  to  Philotas)  =  Mrs.  Bucha- 
nan:—acted  6  times Philotas  returns  to  the 

camp  of  Alexander,  after  having  subdued  some  re- 
bellious provinces — Craterus  had  prejudiced  Alex- 
ander against  him — Alexander  takes  all  his  offices 
from  him — Cleora  had  arrived  in  the  camp — Clitus, 
with  difficulty,  reconciles  Philotas  and  Cleora — Phi- 
Iotas  dismisses  Antigona,  who  was  his  mistress— 
Antigona,  out  of  revenge,  repeats  the  intemperate 
speeches  which  Philotas,  in  his  hours  of  revelry,  had 


L.  i.  F.  1730-1731.  311 

been  guilty  of — Phi  Iotas  is  likewise  charged  with 
having  concealed  a  plot  to  murder  Alexander — Phi- 
lotas  is  severely  tortured — Antigona  is  sorry  for  hav- 
ing accused  Philotas — she  stabs  Arsaces  by  whose 
persuasion  she  had  done  so— she  discovers  Arsaces 
to  be  a  Persian  prince,  with  whom  she  was  in  love, 
and  whom  she  supposed  to  be  dead — she  offers  to 
stab  herself,  but  is  prevented,  and  taken  into  custody 
— in  the  last  scene,  Philotas  is  brought  in  supported 
by  Cassander — he  dies — this  is  a  tolerable  T. — 
Frowde,  in  the  conduct  of  his  plot,  follows  Plutarch 
and  Quintus  Curtius — Arrian  says  little  of  Philotas— 
and  Justin,  to  whom  the  B.  D.  refers  us,  next  to 
nothing— Antigona  is  a  real  character — (see  Plu- 
tarch's Life  of  Alexander) — Arsaces  and  Cleora  are 
fictitious  ones — Frowde  very  improperly  makes  the 
last  syllable  but  one  in  Craterus  long — both  the  edi- 
tors of  the  B.  D.  say,  the  characters  of  Clitus, 
Alexander,  and  Philotas,  are  well  supported — there 
is  no  such  character  in  the  play  as  Alexander — the 
story  of  Philotas  had  been  dramatized  by  Daniel  in 
1G05. 

27.  Never  acted,  Merope.  Egistus  alias  Oleander 
=  Ryaii :  Glycori  =  Quin  :  Ni  can  or  (his  favourite)  = 
Chapman :  Adrastus  (son  to  Nicanor)  =  Walker : 
Polydorus  =  Mil  ward  :  Merope  (the  widow  of  Cres- 
phontes)  —  Mrs.  Berriman  :  Timoclea  (daughter  to 
Polydorus)  =  Mrs.  Templer  :  Ismene  =  Mrs:  Buch- 
anan : — acted  3  times — about  15  years  before  the 
play  begins,  Glycon  had  killed  Cresphontes  the  King 
of  Messene,  and  usurped  his  throne — two  of  the  sons 
of  Cresphontes  had  been  killed  with  their  father — 
his  third  son,  Oleander,  had  been  saved  —he  had  been 


312  L.  i.  F    1730-1731. 

brought  up*  by  Polydorus  in  Thessaly  as  his  own  son 
—and  under  the  name  of  Egistus — in  the  2d  act,  he 
comes  to  Messene,  but  without  Polydorus — he  is  as- 
sailed by  a  robber  whom  he  kills — he  is  taken  into 
custody  for  the  murder — and  a  ring  of  great  value  is 
found  upon  him — Glycon  sends  the  ring  to  Merope — 
she  knows  it,  and  concludes  that  Egistus  had  killed 
Oleander  and  taken  it  from  him — she  requests  Gly- 
con to  put  Egistus  into  her  power — Glycon  complies 
with  her  request — and  she  forces  Egistus  to  drink 
poison — he  appears  to  die — Polydorus  enters,  and 
says  that  Egistus  was  Oleander — Merope  falls  into  a 
temporary  frenzy — the  poison  proves  to  be  only  an 
opiate — Egistus  on  waking  is  told  that  he  is  Oleander 
— he  kills  Glycon — Adrastus  sides  with  Oleander — 
and  all  ends  happily — there  is  a  love  episode — Egistus 
and  Timoclea  fail  in  love  with  one  another  at  first 
sight — Adrastus  and  Ismene  are  in  love — Glycon 
makes  love  to  Merope,  but  only  from  motives  of 
policy — this  is  an  indifferent  T.  by  Jeffreys — it  is  pro- 
fessedly taken  from  the  Italian — Milward  says  in  the 
Prologue  — 

"  Sound,  to  our  cost  they  long  have  sent  us  o'er  j 
"  But  sense  is  what  they  never  lent  before." 

Jeffreys  is  said  to  have  been  educated  at  Westmin- 
ster and  Cambridge,  yet  he  stupidly  calls  Cresphoh- 
tes,  Cresjfontes — and  Mycenae  Messene — Voltaire 
says — "  a  Merope  was  brought  out  at  London  in  1731 
"  — who  would  believe  that  love  should  have  been 
"  introduced  into  such  a  story  ?  but  since  the  time  of 
"  Charles  the  second,  love  has  taken  possession  of 
"  the  English  stage  ;  and  one  must  acknowledge  that 


L.  i.  F.  1730-1731.  .31.3 

"  no  nation  in  the  world  has  painted  that  passion  so 
«  badly"— for  Hill's  Merope,  seeD.L.  April  15  1749. 
March  8.  Othello.     Roderigo  =  Chapman. 
22.  Ryan's  bt.  Constant  Couple.    Sir  Harry  Wild- 
air  =  Ryan  :  Col.  Standard  =  Quin  :  Clincher  Sen. 
=  Pinkethman  :  Clincher  Jun.  =  Chapman  :  Vizard 
=  Milward:    Lady  Lurevvell  =  Mrs.  Younger :  An- 
gelica =  Mrs.  Buchanan  :  Smuggler   and   Parly  are 
omitted. 

April  1.  Walker's  bt.  Gamester.     Hector  =  Chap- 
man :  Cogdie  =  Aston  : — see  Oct.  17  1727. 

3.  Never  acted,  Orestes.  Orestes  =  Ryan  :  Thoas 
=  Quin  :  Pylades  =  Walker :  Barzanes  and  Araxes 
(Scythian  officers)  =  Chapman  and  Milward:  Magi- 
cian i=  Hulett :  Hecat  —  Hall :  Grecian  Sailors  =  Pin- 
kethman and  Hippisley:  Circe  =  Mrs.  Bern m an  : 
Iphigenia  =  Mrs.  Buchanan :  Hermione  =  Mrs. 
Younger :  Ghost  of  Clytemnestra  =  Mrs.  Templer : 
—acted  about  6  times —this  play  is  professedly  found- 
ed on  Dr.  Davenant's  Opera  of  Circe — see  D.  G. 
1677 — but  Theobald  has  written  the  dialogue  afresh, 
and  made  material  alterations  in  the  plot — the  cha- 
racters of  Ithacus  and  Ormida  are  left  out — that  of 
Hermione  is  introduced  in  their  stead — Thoas  is  in 
love,  not  with  Iphigenia,  but  with  Circe — she  had 
agreed  to  marry  him,  but  they  are  not  married — 
Circe  makes  love  to  Orestes — he  rejects  it — she  saves 
him  from  being  sacrificed,  as,  in  Davenant's  piece— 
the  scene  changes  to  Circe's  bower— Orestes  is  about 
to  yield  to  her  solicitations — Thoas  enters  with  his 
guards,  and  carries  off  Orestes — at  the  close  of  the 
4th  act,  Orestes,  Pylades,  Iphigenia  and  Hermione 
prepare  to  make  their  escape— Thoas  pursues  them 


314  L.  i.  F.  1730-1731. 

— he  takes  Pylades  and  Iphigenia  prisoners — Orestes 
rescues  them — in  the  last  scene  his  ship  appears  un- 
der sail — Circe  kills  herself — Theobald's  piece  has 
not  much  to  recommend  it,  but  it  is  in  every  respect 
better  than  Davenant's — Theobald  calls  it  an  Opera 
in  the  old  sense  of  the  word  — the  next  Editor  of  the 
B.  D.  would  do  well  to  read  the  Prologue. 

21.  Confederacy.     Clarissa  =  Mrs.  Berriman. 

23.  Hippisley's  bt.  Amorous  Widow,  with,  never 
acted,  Honest  Welchman.  David  Shenkin  =  Hippis- 
ley  :  Sanguin  =  Milward  :  Doubtful  •=  Hulett :  Tip- 
ple =  Sal  way  :  Mrs.  Doubtful  =  Mrs.  Buchanan  = 
Jane=  Mrs.  Egleton  :—  Sanguin  and  Mrs.  Doubtful 
had  been  mutually  in  love — he  had  refused  to  marry 
her,  and  she  had  married  Doubtful — Sanguin  takes  a 
journey  to  Bristol  in  the  hope  of  making  Doubtful  a 
cuckold — he  gets  into  the  house  by  a  balcony — David 
sees  him,  and  alarms  Doubtful — Sanguin  makes  his 
escape — Mrs.  Doubtful  is  offended  at  Sanguin's  at- 
tempt on  her  virtue — she  sends  Jane  to  Sanguin,  and 
appoints  him  to  come  to  her  at  night — when  he  comes, 
Jane  and  Tipple  let  down  a  rope  from  a  crane  which 
belongs  to  the  warehouse  at  the  top  of  the  house— 
Sanguin  gets  into  the  slings  of  the  rope,  and  is  drawn 
up  to  a  certain  height — Tipple  and  Davy  beat  him — 
Sanguin  is  set  at  liberty — and  Doubtful  is  convinced 
of  his  wife's  chastity — after  Sanguin  has  made  his 
escape  in  the  1st  act,  he  conceals  himself  in  a  hogs- 
head— a  maid  pours  a  pail  of  water  into  the  hogshead 
— this  incident  is  borrowed  from  Tottenham  Court 
Act  3  Scene  5 — the  circumstance  of  the  crane  seems 
to  have  been  borrowed  from  Englishmen  for  my 
Money,  in  which  play  a  Dutchman  is  suspended  in  a 


L.  i.  F.    1730-1731.  315 

basket  much  in  the  same  mariner  as  Sanguin — this 
is  a  good  Farce — when  it  was  printed,  it  was  called  a 
Journey  to  Bristol,  or  the  Honest  Welchman — it  was 
written  by  John  Hippzsley  (riot  Hippesley)  Comedian, 
and  sold  by  him  at  his  Coffee-house  in  Newcastle 
Court  without  Temple  Bar — it  appears  from  a  note 
to  the  dedication  that  Hippisley  was  born  near  Ocky 
Hole  in  Somersetshire — this  circumstance  is  of  little 
importance,  but  it  ought  not  to  have  been  overlooked 
by  the  Editor  of  the  B.  D. — this  F.  was  acted  twice 
—see  Conn  aught  Wife. 

24.  Milward  acted  CEdipus.  for  his  bt. 

30.  Never  acted,  Contract — acted  3  times — but  in 
all  probability  not  printed. 

May  6.  Never  acted,  Judgment  of  Paris,  or  the 
Triumph  of  Beauty.  Paris  =  Walker:  Mercury  = 
Sal  way  :  Miller  =  II  ulett :  M  flier's  Son  ~  Laguerre  : 
Juno  =  Mrs.  Egleton  :  Pallas  =  Mrs.  Forrester  :  Ve- 
nus =  Mrs.  Cantrell :  Nymph  =  Mrs.  Holiday  :  Mil- 
ler's wife  =  Mrs.  Martin  : — this  is  a  pastoral  ballad 
Opera  in  one  act — it  is  written  partly  in  prose,  and 
partly  in  blank  verse  —the  Miller  refuses  to  let  his 
son  go  to  the  revels — the  Wife  insists  that  he  should 
go — Paris  adjudges  the  prize  to  Venus — Venus  re- 
wards him  with  the  love  of  the  Nymph. 

17.  Measure  for  Measure.     Angelo  =  Mil  ward. 

20.  Prophetess.  Dioclesian  (rather  Diocles)  = 
Quin  :  Maximinian  =  Ryan  :  Cosroe  =  Walker:  Cha- 
rinus  =  M  ilward  :  Geta  —  Hippisley  :  Aurelia  —  Mrs. 
Bullock : — rest  omitted — this  is  the  first  cast  we  have 
of  the  Prophetess,  though  it  had  been  acted  fre- 
quently. 


316  L.  i.  F.  1730-1731. 

June  7.  London  Cuckolds.  (Bills  from  B.  M. 
— the  few  which  are  marked  with  F.  are  from  Mr. 
Field.} 

Anthony  Boheme  died  of  a  fever  in  the  prime  of 
life — he  had  been  bred  a  sailor,  and,  by  walking  the 
quarter  decks  of  a  ship  from  a  boy,  had  contracted  a 
stradling  in  his  gait,  of  which  no  art  or  application 
could  ever  cure  him — he  was  tall  and  erect  with  a 
manly  countenance  ;  he  was  peculiarly  happy  in  his 
voice,  his  musical  and  pathetic  tones  of  grief  went  to 
the  heart ;  he  was  an  original  actor  and  not  an  imi- 
tator ;  his  manner  of  acting  Lear  was  very  different 
from  Booth's  ;  tho*  he  wanted  judgment  and  variety 
for  some  parts  of  the  character,  yet  he  excelled  in 
the  passages  of  distress  ;  he  succeeded  in  giving  a 
trait  of  the  antique  to  the  whole  :  his  features  were 
expressive  and  his  whole  action  suited  to  the  age  and 
expression  of  Lear — he  had  also  a  singular  vein  of 
humour,  and  was  excellent  in  some  parts  in  Comedy 
— Macklin  used  to  speak  of  him  with  great  approba- 
tion. (  Victor  and  Davies.) 

Davies,  in  his  Dramatic  Miscellanies  Vol.  3  p. 
179,  says — Don  Carlos  was  revived  at  L.  I.  F.  about 
50  years  since,  when  Boheme's  action  in  Philip,  and 
Mrs.  Seymour  by  her  excellence  in  the  Queen  ren- 
dered their  names  celebrated,  and  contributed  to 
establish  a  company  struggling  with  difficulties—  —It 
does  not  appear  from  the  bills  that  Boheme  and  Mrs. 
Seymour  ever  played  Philip  and  the  Queen — they 
might  however  have  done  so  in  the  summer — but  if 
they  had  particularly  distinguished  themselves  in  those 
parts,  and  done  material  service  to  the  company,  we 


L.  i.  F.  1730-1731.  317 

should  certainly  have  had  their  names  in  the  bills  for 
those  characters — Davies  has  perhaps  confounded 
Don  Carlos  with  Mariamne. 

In  the  dedication  of  the  Beggar's  Pantomime,  it  is 
said  that  Theophilus  Gibber  did  not  think  scandal  a 
crime,  when  he  endeavoured  to  make  the  late  Mr. 
Boheme  appear  as  scandalously  ludicrous,  as  his 
fertile  Genius  could  invent. 


Boheme's  characters — selection  only. 

L.  I.  F.  1718-1719.  *Cobham  in  Sir  Walter 
Raleigh. 

1719-1720.  Ghost  in  Hamlet— *  York  in  Theo- 
bald's Richard  2d — Clause  in  Royal  Merchant — 
*  Jasper  in  Half  pay  Officers — Brabantio. 

1720-1721.  King  Lear — Shallow  in  Merry  Wives 
of  Windsor — Julius  Csesar — Angelo — Titus  Andro- 
nicus — Henry  6th  in  Richard  the  3d — Southampton 
in  Essex — Mahomet  in  Abra-Mule — Tamerlane. 

1721-1722.  Acasto— Shylock— King  in  Henry  4th 
part  1st — Priuli — Lord  Touchwood — Don  Quixote — 
Domitian  in  Roman  Actor. 

1722-1723.  Cassius — (Edipus— Alexander— Oro- 
nooko — Theseus  in  Phaedra  and  Hippolitus — *  Herod 
in  Mariamne  —  Hector  in  Dryden's  Troilus  and 
Cressida. 

1723-1724.  Banquo — Hotspur — Arbaces  in  King 
and  no  King. 

1725-1726.  Hannibal  in  Sophonisba — Wolsey. 


318  G.  F.  1730-1731. 

1727-1728.  Sir  Thomas  Valere  in  Gamester— 
Voltore  in  Volpone— Mopus  in  Cheats. 

1728.1729.  Probably  ill  great  part  of  the  season 
— Milward  played  some  of  his  parts. 

1729-1730.  King  in  Maid's  Tragedy— Cato. 


*  Originally. 


G.  F.  1730-1731. 

Giffard  and  his  wife  were,  as  before,  the  support 
of  the  theatre — Woodward  who  acted  on  Oct.  5 
seems  to  have  been  a  performer  of  no  importance— 
the  famous  Woodward  was  at  this  time  a  youth. 

Oct.  30.  Merry  Wives.  Ford  =  Giffard  :  Simple 
=  Young  Woodward  :  Mrs.  Ford  —  Mrs.  Giffard. 

Dec.  10.  Merry  Wives.  Simple  =  Master  Wood- 
ward :  Fenton  =  Havard : — this  is  the  first  bill  in 
which  his  name  appears. 

31.  Constant  Couple.  Dicky  =  Master  Woodward. 

Jan.  7«  Orphan.     Page  =  Master  Woodward. 

Feb.  1.  A  new  T.  called  the  Fall  of  the  Earl  of 
Essex — acted  4  times — this  is  professedly  an  altera- 
tion of  Banks'  Unhappy  Favourite — the  alteration  is 
attributed  to  Ralph — nearly  the  whole  of  the  dialogue 
is  written  afresh — no  material  change  is  made  in  the 
conduct  of  the  piece  till  Essex  enters  in  the  <2d  act 


G.  F.    1730-1731.  319 

—the  Queen  speaks  to  him,  which  she  does  not  do, 
at  his  first  entrance  in  the  original  play — in  the  3d 
act,  she  does  not  strike  him — in  the  5th  act,  the 
scaffold  is  exhibited  to  the  audience — and  Essex  is 

brought  in  in  a  coffin,  after  his  execution Ralph's 

play  is  very  dull,  but  on  the  whole  it  is  better  than 
the  original  piece. 

22.  Never  acted  before,  the  Cynick,  or  the  Force 
of  Virtue — with  the  Stage  Coach,  a  new  Opera  in  2 
acts — this  was  in  all  probability  nothing  more  than 
Farquhar's  Farce  enlarged  into  2  acts  by  the  addition 
of  songs. 

23.  Cynick.     Diogenes  =  Huddy :  Apelles  =  Gif- 
fard  :  Manes  =  Morgan:  Hephestion  =  Havard :  Par- 
menio  —  Beaumont :  Melippus  —  Bullock :  Campaspe 
=  Mrs.  Giffard  :    Lais  =  Miss   Smith : — the  other 
characters  are  omitted — the  Cynick  was  no  doubt 
an  alteration  of  Alexander  and  Campaspe,  written 
by  Lilly,  and  reprinted  by  Dodsley — at  the  opening 
of  the  play,  Alexander  had  lately  rased  Thebes— 
Timoclea   and   Campaspe  are  Theban   Captives — 
Alexander  falls  in  love  with  Campaspe — he  orders 
Apelles  to  paint  her  picture — Apelles  falls  in  love 
with  her — she  falls  in  love  with  him — Alexander  finds 
that  they  are  mutually  attached,  and  resigns  Cam- 
paspe to  Apelles — this  play  was  printed  in  1584 — it 
had  been  acted  at  Court  and  at   Blackfriars — it  is 
superiour  to  the  generality  of  Lilly's  plays — the  plot 
is  slight,  but  the  dialogue  is  good,  particularly  so  far 
as  Diogenes  is  concerned — Langbaine  tells  us  that 
the  story  is  related   by  Pliny  in  his  Natural  History 
b.  35  ch.  10 — Pliny  says  that  Alexander  commanded 
Campaspe  nudam  pingi — the  scene  lies  at  Athens, 


320  G.  F.  1730-1731. 

but  Lilly,  not  attending  to  that  circumstance,  intro- 
duces the  modern  expression  Madam,  and  many 
scraps  of  Latin — one  of  the  characters  says  to  Manes 
"  You  know  that  Mons  is  so  called  a  movendo,  be- 
"  cause  it  stands  still ;  and  thou  art  named  Manes  a 
"  manendo,  because  thou  ruri'st  away." 

Diogenes  Laertius,  in  his  life  of  Diogenes  the 
Cynick,  has  recorded  many  of  his  Apophthegms — 
some  of  which  are  introduced  in  this  play,  but  not 
the  one  which  was  perhaps  his  best — Plato  having 
defined  Man  to  be  an  animal  with  two  legs  and  with- 
out feathers  ;  and  the  definition  being  generally  ap- 
proved of,  Diogenes  went  into  his  school  carrying 
with  him  a  cock  which  he  had  stripped  of  his  plumage 
— "Here,"  said  he,  "is  Plato's  Man" — this  occasioned 
Plato  to  amend  his  definition,  and  to  add  to  it— 
"  with  broad  nails." 

May  5.  Master  Woodward's  bt.  Orphan.  Page 
=  Master  Woodward :  with  Tom  Thumb.  Tom 
Thumb  =  Master  Woodward,  with  a  new  Prologue 
written  by  Master  Woodward  and  spoken  by  the 
author  in  the  character  of  Tom  Thumb. 

12.  Devil  of  a  Wife.  Spirits  =  Miss  Smith  and 
Master  Woodward. 

June  1  and  2.  Master  Woodward  acted  one  of  the 
Priestesses  in  Sophonisba  and  one  of  the  Spirits  in 
the  Tempest. 

4.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife — at  the  bottom  of  the 
bill — N.B.  the  article  in  the  Daily  Advertiser  of  Wed- 
nesday last  (June  2)  which  mentions  Mr.  OdelPs 
intending  to  decline  concerning  himself  any  longer 
with  the  management  of  G.  F.  playhouse,  is  a  false 
and  scandalous  libel,  for  which  the  printer  &c.  of  that 


HAY.    1731. 


paper  will  be  prosecuted  with  the  utmost  severity  by 
me— Tho.  Odell. 

The  last  time  of  the  Company's  performing  this 
season.     (Bills  from  B.  M.) 


HAY.  1731. 

Jan.  1.  Generous  Freemason — 3d  time — To  which 
will  be  added  Tom  Thumb — in  which  will  be  intro- 
duced a  new  act,  called  The  Battle  of  the  Poets,  or 
the  Contention  for  the  Laurel.  Between  Coment 
Profound,  Sulky  Bathos,  Fopling  Fribble,  Noctifer, 
&c. — with  songs  proper  to  the  same — Printed  books 
of  the  Battle  of  the  Poets  will  be  sold  at  the  Theatre 
— (F.) — the  character  of  Fopling  Fribble  is  said  to 
have  been  meant  for  Colley  Gibber. 

Generous  Freemason  is  an  Opera  in  3  acts — it  was 
written  by  Chetwood — Sebastian,  a  Freemason,  and 
Maria  run  away  together — on  their  voyage  to  Spain 
they  are  taken  prisoners  by  Mirza,  and  carried  into 
Tunis — the  King  of  that  place  falls  in  love  with 
Maria,  and  the  Queen  with  Sebastian — Mirza  turns 
out  to  have  been  born  of  British  parents,  and  to  be 
a  Freemason—  he  effects  the  escape  of  the  lovers  and 
himself-- these  scenes  are  serious  and  written  in 
blank  verse  or  rhyme — the  other  part  of  this  Opera 

VOL.  III.  Y 


322  HAY.  1731. 

is  quite  comic  —  Old  Moody  is  resolved  that  his 
daughter,  Cselia,  shall  marry  Squire  Noodle — she  is 
in  love  with  Cleremont — his  servant  Davy  plays  tricks 
with  Noodle  under  colour  of  initiating  him  in  Free- 
masonry— at  the  conclusion  Cleremont  is  married  to 
Crelia,  and  Noodle  to  a  kept  mistress — these  scenes 
have  a  considerable  degree  of  low  humour. 

Wanton  Jesuit,  or  Innocence  Seduced— this  Opera, 
in  3  acts,  was  printed  in  1731 — it  is  said  to  have  been 
acted  at  the  Hay. — the  dialogue  of  it  is  well  written, 
but  as  a  Drama  this  Opera  is  defective  ;  it  consists 
merely  of  the  story  of  Father  Girard  and  Miss  Cadiere 
thrown  into  scenes  and  acts — an  affair  which  at  this 
time  made  a  great  noise,  as  well  it  might — the  Preface 
says — "  the  following  Ballad-Opera  is  a  faithful  trans- 
"  lation  of  the  French  Original." 

Spendthrift  -  -  Young  Spendthrift  is  extravagant 
and  much  addicted  to  gaming — he  has  however  good 
principles  at  bottom — he  had  been  a  suitor  to  Jenny, 
the  daughter  of  Careful,  but  as  he  had  wasted  his 
fortune,  he  is  forbidden  the  house  by  her  father- 
Jenny  still  continues  her  attachment  to  him — his 
servant,  Sam,  had  known  him  from  a  child — he  is 
sorry  for  his  master's  vices,  but  serves  him  with  the 
greatest  fidelity — Young  Spendthrift,  by  his  gaming, 
is  reduced  to  distress— Old  Spendthrift,  who  was 
supposed  to  be  dead,  returns  home — he  is  recon- 
ciled to  his  son,  and  persuades  Careful  to  consent  to 
his  son's  union  with  Jenny — the  dialogue  of  this  C.  is 
well  written,  but  it  wants  incident — Draper  says  he 
had  the  hint  of  his  play  from  the  London  Prodigal — 
he  has  taken  more  than  a  hint,  but  he  has  improved 
what  he  has  borrowed — Young  Spendthrift  is  a  better 


HAY.     1731.  323 

character  than  the  London  Prodigal — Sam  is  a  new 
character,  rand  a  very  pleasing  one. 

July — Grub  Street  Opera.  Sir  Owen  Apshinken 
(very  fond  of  tobacco)  =  F urn ival:  Puzzletext  (his 
chaplain)  =  Reynholds  :  Master  Owen  (son  to  Sir 
Owen)  =  Stopler  :  Robin  (Sir  Owen's  butler)  =  Mul- 
lart :  Apshones  (Sir  Owen's  tenant)  —  Wathen :  Lady 
Apshinken  =  Mrs.  Furnival  :  Sweetissa  (her  woman) 
=  Mrs.  Nokes:  Susan  (her  cook)  =  Mrs.  Mullart  : 
Molly  (daughter  to  Apshones)  =  Miss  Patty  Vaughan : 
—Robin  and  Sweetissa  are  mutually  in  love — two  let- 
ters are  purposely  dropped — these  letters  produce  a 
quarrel  between  Robin  and  Sweetissa — Master  Owen 
makes  love  to  all  of  his  mother's  maids — at  the  con- 
clusion, he  marries  Molly — and  acknowledges  that 
he  wrote  the  letters  by  way  of  a  frolic — Robin  and 
Sweetissa  are  reconciled — this  is  a  moderate  Opera 
in  3  acts  by  Fielding — it  had  been  in  part  acted  as 
the  Welch  Opera — the  Player  begins  the  Introduc- 
tion by  saying  to  the  Author  "  I  very  much  approve 
"  the  alteration  of  your  title  from  the  Welch  to  the 
"  Grub  Street  Opera." 

Letter- Writers,  or  a  New  Way  to  keep  a  Wife  at 
Home.  Rakel  =  Lacy  :  Commons  (nephew  to  Wis- 
dom and  Softly)  =  Mullart :  Wisdom  =  Jones :  Softly 
irHallam  :  Risque  (servant  to  Rakel)  =  Reynhold  : 
Mrs.  Wisdom  =  Mrs,  Lacy  :  Mrs.  Softly  =  Mrs.  Mul- 
lart : — Wisdom  and  Softly  wish  to  keep  their  Wives 
at  Home — for  this  purpose  each  of  them  writes  the 
other's  wife  a  threatening  Letter — Rakel  is  intimate 
with  Mrs.  Wisdom  and  Mrs.  Softly — he  visits  Mrs. 
Wisdom — her  husband  comes  home,  and  Rakel  is 
put  into  a  closet — Wisdom  makes  his  wife  open  Iho 

Y    2 


324  HAY.  1731. 

door — Rakel  runs  against  him,  throws  him  down, 
and  makes  his  exit — Mrs.  Wisdom  pretends  that 
Rakel  was  one  of  the  persons  who  had  sent  her  the 
threatening  letter — Rakel  orders  Risque  to  break  the 
window  of  the  closet,  that  it  might  be  supposed  he 
had  gotten  into  the  house  that  way — Rakel  makes 
Mrs.  Wisdom  a  second  visit— on  the  approach  of 
Mrs.  Softly  he  gets  under  the  table — Risque  had 
broken  into  the  closet  for  the  sake  of  stealing  what 
he  could  find — he  is  taken  into  custody — Commons 
enters  drunk,  and  overturns  the  table — Rakel  is  dis- 
covered— Risque  swears  that  Rakel  was  an  accom- 
plice in  the  robbery — the  Constable  carries  them 
both  off — they  are  brought  before  Softly  as  a  magis- 
trate— Commons  is  sorry  for  the  blunder  he  had 
committed — two  letters,  which  Mrs.  Wisdom  and 
Mrs.  Softly  had  written  to  Rakel,  are  found  in  his 
pocket  and  read — they  had  no  address,  and  Com- 
mons pretends  that  they  were  written  to  him — he 
assures  Wisdom  and  Softly  that  Rakel  is  an  officer  in 
the  army — Rakel  tells  Wisdom,  that  he  had  no  de- 
sign on  any  thing  that  belonged  to  him,  except  his 
wife — and  for  that  he  begs  her  pardon — Mrs.  Softly 
finds  out  that  her  husband  and  Wisdom  had  written 
the  threatening  letters — this  piece  seems  to  have  been 
acted  in  1731 — it  is  a  good  C.  in  3  acts  by  Fielding - 
—the  character  of  Commons  in  particular  has  merit 
— he  is  a  dissipated  young  fellow  from  the  Univer- 
sity, who  is  going  into  Orders — Rakel  says  to  him 
— "  Hast  thou  the  impudence  to  pretend  to  a  call?" 
—  Commons  replies — "Ay,  Sir,  the  usual  call:  I 
"  have  the  promise  of  a  good  living." 


D.  L.  1731-1732.  325 


D.  L.   1731-1732. 

Sep.  18.  Hamlet.     Laertes  =  A.  Hallam. 

21.  Country  Wife.  Pinchwife  =  W.  Mills:  Sir 
Jasper  Fidget  =  Griffin  :  Quack  =  Shepherd  :  Alithea 
=  Mrs.  Butler. 

23.  Provoked  Wife. 

25.  Old  Batchelor.  Sir  Joseph  Wittol  =  Cibber 
Jun. :  with  Jovial  Crew.  Justice  Clack  =  Cibber 
Jun. : — this  was  Griffin's  part. 

28.  Double  Gallant. 

30.  Wit  without  Money.    Shorthose  =  Cibber  Jun. 

Oct.  2.  Devil  to  Pay  in  one  act.  Lady  Loverule 
:=Mrs.  Grace  : — this  Farce  was  frequently  acted. 

5.  Volpone.     Voltore  =  Roberts. 

7t  Alchemist.  Abel  Drugger  =  Cibber  Jun. :  Dap- 
per —  R.  Wetherhilt. 

9.  Silent  Woman.  Morose  =  Johnson  :  Truewit 
=  Wilks  :  Sir  Amorous  La  Foole  =  Cibber  Jun.  : 
Tom  Otter  =  Shepherd  :  Sir  John  Daw  =  Cibber  : 
Cutbeard  =  Oates  :  Dauphine  =  Bridgewater :  Cleri- 
mont  =  Mills:  Silent  Woman  =  Mrs.  Thurmond:  Mrs. 
Otter  =  Mrs.  Wetherhilt :  Lady  Haughty  =  Mrs. 
Shireburn  :  Mrs.  Centaure  =  Mrs.  Grace  :  Mrs.  Ma- 
vis =  Mrs.  Butler : — Davies  says  Otter  was  well  acted 
by  Shepherd,  and  Sir  Amorous  with  vivacity  by  Theo. 
Cibber. 

12.  Fair  Penitent 14.  Henry  4th  part  2d. 

19.  Recruiting  Officer.  Bullock  —  Shepherd  : 
Recruits  =  Cibber  Jun.  and  R.  Wetherhilt :  Rose  = 
Mrs.  Cibber. 

21,  Timon  of  Athens.     Timon  =  Mills :  Aperaaii- 


326  D.  L.  1731-1732. 

tus  =  W.  Mills  :  Alcibiades  =  Bri dge water  :  Poet  = 
Gibber  Jun.  :  Evaridra  =  Mrs.  Thurmond :  Melissa 
=  Mrs.  Butler. 

23.  At  the  desire  of  several  persons  of  distinction 
and  eminent  merchants  of  the  city  of  London — Lon- 
don Merchant. 

26.  Rehearsal.     B  ayes  —  Gibber. 

30.  Not  acted  7  years,  Bartholemew  Fair.  Cokes 
=  Gibber  Jun. :  Waspe  =  Johnson :  Rabby  Busy  = 
Griffin  :  Justice  Overdo  =  Shepherd  :  Ursula  =  Mr. 
Harper:  Win  Littlewit=Miss  Raftor. 

Nov.  1.  Not  acted  2  years,  Provoked  Husband. 
John  Moody  is  omitted :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs. 
Heron:  Lady  Grace  =  Mrs.  Gibber:  Miss  Jenny  = 
Miss  Raftor : — rest  as  originally — acted  about  4  times. 

4.  Tamerlane,  with  the  usual  Prologue — Tamer- 
lane =  Br  i  dge  water  :  Bajazet  —  Mills:  Moneses  = 
Wilks  :  Ax  all  a  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Arpasi  a  =  Mrs.  Thur- 
mond :  Sell  ma  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 

6.  Strategem 8.  Sir  Courtly  Nice. 

9.  Chances 10.  Amphitryon. 

12.  Greenwich  Park  and  Amours  of  Billingsgate. 

13.  Henry  8th.     Lord  Sands  =  Griffin  :  Queen  = 
Mrs.  Horton  :  Anne  Bullen  =  Mrs.  Butler  : — rest  as 
before.    F. 

15.  Othello 16.  Don  John. 

20.  Constant  Couple.    Sir  Harry  Wildair  =  Wilks. 

22.  Oronooko  =  Marshall. 

23.  Rover 24.  Man  of  the  Mode. 

26.  Funeral 27.  Virtue  Betrayed. 

Dec.  1.  Macbeth.     Banquo  =  Bridge  water :  Lady 
Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Horton. 
2.  Tempest. 


D.  L.   1731-1732.  327 

3.  Not  acted  2  years,  She  wouM  and  she  wou'd 
not.  Trappanti  =  Gibber  Jim. :  Don  Philip  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Viletta  =  Mrs.  Mills:  Flora  =  Mrs.  Gibber. 

7.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  =  Gibber  Jun :  Sir 
George  =  Wilks  :  Sir  Francis  =  G riffin  :  Miranda  = 
Mrs.  Booth :  Isabinda  =  Mrs.  Gibber:  Sir  Jealous 
and  Patch  are  omitted. 

9.  For  the  author.     London  Merchant. 

10.  Never  acted,  Athelwold.  Athelwold  (Earl  of 
Lancaster)  =  Bridgewater  :  Edgar  (King  of  England) 

=  Mills  :  Leolyri  (Prince  of  North  Wales)  =  A.  Hal- 
lam  :  Oswald  (minister  of  state)  =  Theo.  Gibber: 
Ethelinda  (his  niece)  =  Mrs.  Gibber  :  Elfrid  (daugh- 
ter of  the  Duke  of  Cornwall)  =  Mrs.  Booth  : — acted 
3  times — Hill  had  dramatized  the  story  of  Elfrid  in 
1710,  and  brought  it  out  at  D.  L.  on  the  3d  of  Jan. 

—in  his  preface  to  Athelwold  he  speaks  slightingly 

of  his  first  play,  and  says — "  I  considered  myself  as 
"  not  deserving  pardon  from  the  publick,  till  I  had 
"  purchased  it  with  something  Better  on  the  same 
"  subject — this  was  the  original  of  Athelwold — the 
"  new  play  has  neither  thought,  design,  nor  expres- 
"  sion,  in  the  least  resembling  the  old  one" — it  so 
happens  however,  that  as  the  second  play  is  better 
than  the  first  in  some  respects,  so  it  is  worse  in 
others — Hill  had  by  this  time  acquired  vast  notions 
of  regal  consequence — he  says  that  in  Elfrid,  the 
King  came  out  of  his  hands  stript  of  every  thing  that 
became  his  condition,  and  only  a  Monarch  in  title  — 
to  make  amends  for  this  deficiency,  he  here  sets 
Edgar  on  royal  stilts— but  in  the  old  play  he  had 
drawn  the  King's  character  in  a  mariner,  not  only 
more  natural,  but  more  conformable  to  history — Hill 


328  D.  L.  1731-1732. 

lays  the  scene  of  this  play  at  Court,  thereby  follow- 
ing the  example  of  Ravenscroft  and  Rymer — but 
with  this  salvo,  that  Athelwold  is  forced  by  a  storm 
to  land  at  Chester,  contrary  to  his  intentions — this 
alteration  is  vastly  for  the  worse,  not  merely  because 
the  principal  events  of  the  play  did  actually  take 
place  at  Athelwold's  house,  but  because  they  cannot 
with  any  degree  of  propriety  be  supposed  to  take 
place  elsewhere — Hill  has  also  added  an  Episode, 
which  is  by  no  means  an  improvement — he  has  bor- 
rowed a  hint  or  two  from  Rymer — he  concludes  with 
some  very  good  lines— 

"  O  Leolyn,  be  obstinately  just, 
"  Indulge  no  passion  and  betray  no  trust ; 
"  Let  never  man  be  bold  enough  to  say 
"  Thus  and  no  farther  shall  my  passion  stray, 
"  The  first  crime  past  compels  us  into  more, 
"  And  guilt  proves  Fate,  that  was  but  Choice 
"  before." 

The  last  two  lines  are  peculiarly  applicable  to  the 
Forger  of  the  Manuscripts  attributed  to  Shakspeare 
in  1795. 

14.  Spanish  Fryar 18.  Lady's  last  Stake. 

21.  Indian  Emperour. 

22.  Not  acted  2  years,   Scornful  Lady.     Lady  = 
Mrs.  Heron :  Abigail  =  Mrs.  Willis  : — with  Beggar's 
Wedding. 

Jan.  1.  Cato,  with  Lottery — seemingly  1st  time- 
Jack  Stocks  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Stocks  (the  keeper  of  a 
lottery  office)  =  Harper :  Lovemore  =  Stoppelear  : 
Whisk  (his  servant)  =  R.  Wetherhilt :  1st  Buyer  = 
Berry  :  2d  Buyer  (a  hackney  coach  m an )  =  Mullart : 


D.  L.   1731-1732.  329 

Cloe  =  Miss  Raftor  :  Jenny  =  Miss  Williams  :  Mrs. 
Stocks  =  Mrs.  Wetherhilt: — Cloe  comes  up  to  town 
—she  fancies  she  shall  have  a  prize  of  £10,000  in 
the  Lottery,  and  speaks  of  herself  as  having  a  fortune 
to  that  amount — Jack  Stocks  assumes  the  title  of 
Lord  Lace — he  persuades  Cloe  to  marry  him — the 
last  scene  lies  in  Guildhall— the  Lottery  is  drawn — 
Cloe's  ticket  comes  up  a  blank — Jack  Stocks  resigns 
his  wife  to  Lovemore — this  is  a  ballad  Farce  by 
Fielding — a  trifle,  but  pleasing  enough — acted  about 
12  times — the  3d  edition  was  printed  in  1732  with  a 
new  scene. 

3.  Strategem.     Scrub  —  Gibber  : — thus  the  M.S. 
—probably  Jun. 
8.  Way  of  the  World. 

10.  Never  acted,  Modish  Couple.  Lord  Modely 
=  Wilks:  Claremont  =  Mills:  Grinly  =  Cibber :  Sir 
Lubbardly  Block  =  Harper :  Squire  Chip  (his  son) 
Cibber  Jun  :  Lady  Modely  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Clarissa 
=  Mrs.  Cibber  :  Lucy  (her  maid)  =  Mrs.  Grace  : — 
acted  4  times — Lord  and  Lady  Modely  live  together 
on  fashionable  terms — Claremont  is  very  desirous  to 
bring  them  to  a  change  of  conduct — for  this  purpose 
he  makes  love  to  Lady  Modely — and  requests  Cla- 
rissa, to  whom  he  is  privately  married,  to  encourage 
Lord  Modely's  addresses — Clarissa  makes  an  assig- 
nation with  Lord  Modely — Lady  Modely,  by  Clare- 
mont's  direction,  goes  to  the  appointed  place — Lord 
Modely,  in  the  dark,  mistakes  his  wife  for  Clarissa — 
at  the  conclusion  they  are  reconciled,  and  promise  to 
reform — Grinly  marries  Lucy,  supposing  her  to  be  a 
lady  of  large  fortune — Scene  Hampton  Court — this 
is  a  dull  C.  by  Captain  Bodens — Fielding  wrote  the 


330  D.  L.   1731-1732. 

Epilogue,  yet   in  Pasquin,  1736,  he  makes    Queen 
Ignorance  say— 

"  Take  this  play,  and  bid  'em  forthwith 

"  act  it  j 

"  There  is  not  in  it  either  head  or  tail ; 
"  The  Modish  Couple  is  its  name,  myself 
"  Stood  Gossip  to  it." 

Capt.  Bodens  might  have  replied  that  his  play 
was  not  much  worse  than  Fielding's  Modern  Hus- 
band, or  his  Universal  Gallant — the  Gentleman's 
Magazine  says  that  the  Modish  Couple  was  touched 
up  by  Gibber. 

21.  Amorous  Widow. 

26.  Chances.  Constantia  =  Mrs.  Horton  : — the 
MS.  does  not  say  whether  1st  or  2d. 

29.  Careless  Husband.  Victor  says  Mrs.  Heron 
succeeded  Mrs.  Oldfield  in  Lady  Betty  Modish. 

Feb.  3.  Never  acted,  Injured  Innocence.  Theo- 
dore (the  General)  =  Mills  :  Ferdinand  (King  of  Na- 
ples) = Marshall :  Alphonso  (his  uncle)  =Bridgewater : 
Miranda  =  Mrs.  Horton :  —Theodore  and  Miranda  are 
mutually  in  love — during  his  absence,  she  is  accused 
of  incontinence,  and  condemned  to  do  immediate  pe- 
nance— Theodore  meets  the  procession,  leads  her  to 
the  shrine,  and  offers  to  marry  her — the  King  sends 
for  her,  and  promises  that  she  shall  have  justice  done 
to  her — in  the  course  of  the  play  the  King  is  supposed 
to  be  murdered — at  the  conclusion  Alphonso  appears 
to  be  a  villain — Theodore  and  Miranda  are  united — 
this  is  a  dull  T.  by  Bellers — it  was  acted  6  or  8  times, 
but  the  author  was  obliged  to  make  up  the  deficiency 


D.L.  1731-1732.  331 

of  some  nights — (Gent.'s  Mag.) — in  the  Epilogue  it 
is'said— 

"  Our  Bard  pretends  his  plot's  of  his  own  making" 

—this  is  a  barefaced  falsehood — in  the  1st  Act  of 
the  Unfortunate  Lovers,  Arthiope  is  falsely  accused 
of  incontinence,  and  condemned  to  punishment ; 
her  lover,  Duke  Altophil,  meets  her  in  the  street 
as  she  is  doing  penance,  joins  her  in  the  procession, 
and  says — 

"  'Tis  to  the  Church,  she  shall  obey  the  law. 
"  Hold  high  the  taper,  and  move  boldly  on  ; 
"  That  injur'd  Hymen  is  thy  torch ;  and  this 
"  My  Wedding  day." 

All  these  circumstances  are  exactly  related  in  the 
first  scene  of  Injured  Innocence,  and  Theodore  is 
represented  as  saying — 

"  Hold  high  the  tapers,  I  will  lead  her  on 
"  As  to  my  public  spousals,  in  the  sight 
"  Of  all  the  envying  world." 

As  the  two  plays  go  on  they  differ  essentially, 
but  in  both  the  lady  is  daughter  of  the  deceased 
general  Gonsalvo,  and  her  lover  is  imprisoned. 

Feb.  12.  Wilks  acted  Hamlet. 

21.  Never  acted,  Modern  Husband.  Lord  Richly 
=  Gibber :  Bellamant  =  Wilks  :  Modern  =  Bridge- 
water  :.  Capt.  Bellamant  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Gay  wit  = 
W.  Mills:  Col.  Courtly  =  Hallam:  Lord  Lazy  = 
Boman  :  Woodall  =  Harper  :  Mrs.  Modern  =  Mrs. 
Heron  :  Lady  Charlotte  Gaywit  (daughter  to  Lord 
Richly)  =  Mrs,  Gibber  :  Mrs.  Bellamunt  =  Mrs. 


332  D.  L.  1731-1732. 

- 
Horton  :     Emilia  =  Mrs.    Butler :     Lately     (Mrs. 

Modern's  woman)  =  Mrs.  Charke :— acted  14  times— 
Bellamant  is  married  to  a  second  wife — Capt.  Bel- 
lamant  and  Emilia  are  his  children  by  a  former 
marriage — Modern  and  his  wife  live  at  an  expense 
greatly  beyond  their  income— she  had  had  an  intrigue 
with  Lord  Richly  with  the  approbation,  or  rather  at 
the  persuasion,  of  her  husband — for  this  Lord 
Richly  had  paid  £1500 — his  passion  for  Mrs.  Modern 
had  cooled,  and  he  proposes  to  her  to  assist  him  in 
seducing  Mrs.  Bellamant — he  promises  her  £1000, 
if  he  should  succeed — Mrs.  Bellamant  rejects  Lord 
Richly's  offers  with  indignation — Modern  suggests 
to  his  wife  the  profit  that  would  accrue  from  his 
bringing  an  action  against  Lord  Richly — she  objects 
to  this  on  account  of  her  reputation — Modern  then 
bribes  a  footman  to  swear  that  he  had  seen  Bella- 
mant and  Mrs.  Modern  in  an  improper  situation — 
Bellamant  acknowledges  to  his  wife,  that  he  had 
been  intimate  with  Mrs.  Modern,  but  not  at  the  time 
when  he  was  accused — Gaywit  takes  measures  to 
prevent  Modern  from  prosecuting  Bellamant  with 
any  prospect  of  success — at  the  conclusion  Capt. 
Bellamant  marries  Lady  Charlotte — Gaywit  marries 
Emilia — the  characters  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Modern  are 
well  conceived,  but  this  C.  is  on  the  whole  a  dull 
piece  of  business — it  was  written  by  Fielding. 

March  2.  Mrs.  Porter's  bt.  Modern  Husband  13th 
time. 

7-  Alchemist.      Al%    Drugger  =  Cibber :  —  pro- 
bably Jun. 

27.  Provoked  Husband.      Lady   Townly  =  Mrs. 
Horton  : — probably  a  mistake — Lady  Grace  =  Mrs. 


D.  L.   1731-1732.  333 

Porter : — certainly  a  mistake,  as  Mrs.  Porter  did  not 
play  this  season — Victor  says  Mrs.  Heron  succeeded 
Mrs.  Oldfield  in  Lady  Townly. 

30.  Committee.     Careless  =  Wilks. 

April  1.  Mourning  Bride,  (probably)  Osmyn  = 
Mills:  Zara  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Almeria  =  Mrs.  Thur- 
mond :  F. 

17.  Bridge  water's  bt.  Henry  4th  pt.  1st.  Falstaff 
=  Harper :  Hotspur  =  Bridge  water  :  King  =  Mills  : 
Prince  of  Wales  =  Wilks  :  Glendower  =  Gibber  : 
Carriers  =  Johnson  and  Gibber  Jun. :  Hostess  = 
Mrs.  Willis  : — with,  never  acted,  Ephesian  Matron — 
(F.) — this  is  said  to  be  a  Farce  in  one  act  by  C. 
Johnson. 

24.  Orphan.    Castalio  =  Wilks  :    Monimia  =  Mrs. 
Horton  :  F. 
27.  Tender  Husband. 

28.  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd.     Sir  Oliver  Cock- 
wood  =  Griffin:   Sir  Joslin  Jolly  =  Harper  :  Courtall 
=  Wilks  .  Freeman  =  Mills  :  Rakehell  —  Gibber  Jun. : 
Lady  Cockwood  =  Mrs.   Shireburn  .    Ariana  =  Mrs. 
Cibber:  Gatty  =  Mrs.  Booth :  F. 

29.  Rover.      Wilmore  =  Wilks  :    Ned   Blunt  = 
Johnson:    Belville r=  Mills  :    Helena  =  Mrs.    Booth: 
Angellica^Mrs.   Horton:    Florinda  =  Mrs.   Heron: 
(F.)— with  Ephesian  Matron.    ( B.  M.) 

May  1.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Mills  :  Perez  = 
Wilks :  Cacafogo  =  Harper :  Estifania  —  Mrs.  Heron : 
Margaritta  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Old  Woman  =  Mr.  Grif- 
fin :  with  Lover's  Opera.  Lucy  =  Miss  Raftor,  1st 
time  : — this  bill  is  from  Mr.  Field — the  manuscript 
bill  in  B.  M.  states  that  Mrs.  Horton  acted  Estifania 
on  this  evening — which  is  probably  a  mistake  —see 


334  D.  L.    1731-1732. 

March  15   1731 — Mrs.  Horton  seems  not  to  have 
acted  Estifania  till  she  went  to  C.  G. 

2.  Double  Gallant.     Careless  (probably)  =  Wilks. 

3.  Torn  Thumb  the  Great— repeated  12  and  25. 
5.  Macbeth.     MacduffnWilks  :  Lady  Macduff = 

Mrs.  Butler. 

8.  Wilks  acted  Sir  George  Airy. 

9.  Committee.     Wilks  probably  acted  Careless. 

10.  Relapse.     Loveless  =  Wilks. 

15.  Mistake.     Wilks  probably  acted  Don  Pedro 
— this  was  perhaps  his  last  time  of  acting. 
17.  London  Merchant. 


Summer. 

June  1.  Never  acted,  Old  Debauchees  and  Covent 
Garden  Tragedy. 

Old  Debauchees.  Father  Martin  =  Gibber  Jun  : 
Old  Laroon  r=  Shepherd :  Young  Laroon  =  W.  Mills : 
Jourdain  =  Roberts  :  Isabel  (his  daughter)  =  Miss 
Raftor:  Beatrice  =  Miss  Williams: — scene  Toulon 
— Old  Laroon  is  a  Debauchee,  and  a  sworn  enemy 
to  priests — Jourdain  had  led  a  very  bad  life — he 
confesses  his  sins  to  Father  Martin — Father  Martin 
acquires  a  great  influence  over  him — Young  Laroon 
and  Isabel  are  mutually  in  love,  and  on  the  point 
of  being  married — Father  Martin  makes  Jourdain 
defer  his  daughter's  marriage — he  wants  to  debauch 
Isabel — he  directs  her  to  go  to  her  chamber,  and 
make  it  quite  dark — she  suspects  his  design—  when 
Father  Martin  comes  to  her  chamber,  he  is  received 
by  Young  Laroon,  who  is  disguised  as  a  woman— 


D.  L.   1731-1732.  335 

Father  Martin  is  completely  exposed — and  the  piece 
ends  with  the  union  of  Young  Laroon  and  Isabel  — 
this  is  a  pretty  good  C.  in  S  acts — it  is  founded  on 
the  story  of  Father  Girard  and  Miss  Cadiere,  but 
Fielding,  by  adding  some  plot  and  incident,  has  made 
his  piece  much  more  fit  for  the  stage  than  the 
Wanton  Jesuit. 

Covent  Garden  Tragedy  in  2  acts.  Lovegirlo  — 
Gibber  Jun. :  Capt.  Bilkum  =  Mullart :  Gallono  (a 
drunkard)  =  Paget :  Leathersides  =  Roberts  :  Mother 
Punchbowl  =  Mr.  Bridge  water  :  Kissanda  =  Miss 
Raftor  :  Stormanda  =  Mrs.  Mullart :  Nonparel  = 

Miss  Mears  : Mother  Punchbowl  keeps  a  house 

of  entertainment — Capt.  Bilkum  is  her  bully — Love- 
girlo promises  to  take  Kissanda  into  keeping— 
Stormanda  is  so  enraged  that  she  engages  Bilkum  to 
kill  Lovegirlo — Lovegirlo  is  said  to  be  dead — Kis- 
sanda faints — Stormanda  is  supposed  to  have  hanged 
herself — at  the  conclusion  it  appears,  that  Lovegirlo 
is  run  through  the  coat,  and  not  through  the  body— 
and  that  Stormanda  had  hung  up  her  gown,  and  not 
herself — the  characters  in  this  piece  are  too  low  for 
mock  Tragedy,  but  still  it  must  be  allowed  that 
Fielding  has  written  it  with  a  good  deal  of  humour. 

13.  Old  Debauchees — 3d  night  for  the  author's 
bt. — this  piece  was  afterwards  called  the  Debauchees 
or  the  Jesuit  caught — it  was  revived  at  D.  L.  Oct. 
17  1745. 

(Bills  from  B.  M. — the  Jew  which  are  marked  with 
F.  are  from  Mr.  Field.) 

Steele's  Patent  was  granted  for  his  life  and  for  3 
years  after — that  term  being  nearly  expired,  a  now 
Patent  was  made  out  in  favour  of  Wilks,  Cibber  and 


336  D.  L    1731-1732. 

Booth — it  appears  from  Wilks'    Will  that  it  was 
granted  for  21  years  to  commence  from  Sept.  1  1732 
—it  passed  the  great  seal  April  25  1732. 

Wilks  died  at  his  house  in  Bow  Street  Co  vent 
Garden  on  the  27th  of  Sept.  1732 — the  London  and 
Gentleman's  Magazines  for  Oct.  contain  some  verses 

on  his  death We  have  here  a  flagrant  instance 

of  Gibber's  want  of  accuracy — he  says  Wilks  died 
in  1731 — Victor  and  the  B.  D.  say  the  same — Chet- 
wood  is  correct — Victor  ought  to  have  known  better 
as  he  wrote  Wilks5  Epitaph — he  was  probably  led 
astray  by  Gibber,  who  seems  to  have  been  implicitly 
followed,  as  it  was  not  suspected  that  he  could  have 
been  so  shamefully  negligent  as  to  assign  wrong  dates 
to  transactions  in  which  he  was  materially  concerned 

Gibber  had  not  a  correct  notion  even  of  the  date 

of  the  Patent  in  which  he  was  a  sharer,  according  to 
his  computation,  Wilks'  name  was  inserted  in  it  after 
his  death. 

Gibber  says  of  Wilks,  that  if  he  was  not  the  most 
correct  or  most  judicious,  yet,  take  him  for  all  in  all, 
he  was  certainly  the  most  diligent,  the  most  labori- 
ous and  most  useful  actor  that  he  had  seen  on  the 
stage  for  50  years — Wilks'  passion  was  fame,  he 
seemed  to  have  no  joy  in  life  but  to  be  distinguished 
on  the  stage,  he  was  always  sure  there  to  do  his  best, 

and  willingly  underwent  constant  labour by  his 

example  and  authority  he  prevented  negligence  in  the 

other  actors tho'  his  forte  was  gay  Comedy,  yet 

when  he  acted  Tragedy,  in  sorrow,  tenderness  and 
resignation,  he  seemed  pathetically  to  feel,  look  and 
express  the  character,  (Cibber.) 

The  Spectator  commends  Wilks  in  Macduff,  Sir 


D.  L.    1731-1732.  33? 

Harry  Wildair,  Mosca,  arid  the  Prince  of  Wales— 
Davies  says,  the  last  part  was  considered  as  one  of 
the  most  perfect  exhibitions  on  the  stage — Gibber 
preferred  Mountfort  to  Wilks  in  Macduff. 

The  persons  who  mention  Wilks,  generally  speak- 
ing, content  themselves  with  saying,  that  he  excelled 
all  actors  of  his  time  in  genteel  and  lively  Comedy, 
but  seldom  enter  into  particulars,  whereas  they 
labour  to  persuade  us  that  he  played  Tragedy  weJJ. 

Wilks  was  so  genteely  elegant  in  his  fancy  of  dress 
for  the  stage,  that  he  was  often  followed  in  his 
fashion,  tho'  in  the  street  his  plainness  of  habit  was 
rem  arkable.  (  CJietwood. ) 

An  eminent  critic  speaking  of  Wilks  in  1729  said 
— "  whatever  he  did  upon  the  stage,  let  it  be  ever  so 
"  trifling,  whether  it  consisted  in  putting  on  his 
"  gloves,  or  taking  out  his  watch,  lolling  on  his  cane, 
"  or  taking  snuff,  every  movement  was  marked  with 
"  such  an  ease  of  breeding  and  manner,  every  thing 
"  told  so  strongly  the  involuntary  motion  of  a  gentle- 
"  man,  that  it  was  impossible  to  consider  the  cha- 
"  racter  he  represented  in  any  other  light  than  that 

"  of  reality but  what  was  still  more  surprising, 

"  that  person  who  could  thus  delight  an  audience 
"  from  the  gaiety  and  sprightliness  of  his  manner, 
"  I  met  the  next  day  in  the  street  hobbling  to  a 
"  hackney  coach,  seemingly  so  enfeebled  by  age  and 
"  infirmities,  that  I  could  scarcely  believe  him  to  be 
"  the  same  man." 

Chetwood  says  that  Wilk&  was  the  first  proposer 
in  any  joint  charity  from  the  theatrical  stock,  and 
often  prevailed  upon  the  unwilling  liberality  of  the 
other  Managers  :  his  care  of  Farquhar's  Orphan 

VOL.   III.  Z 


338  D.  L.  1731-1732. 


daughters,  by  giving  them  several  Benefit  plays,  con- 
tinued to  the  last  of  his  days,  and  in  losing  him  they 
in  reality  lost  a  father — his  private  acts  of  charity 
were  numberless. 

Wilks  seems  to  have  carried  his  generosity  rather 
too  far — a  man  who  for  more  than  20  years  had  been 
in  the  receipt  of  £1000  per  ann.  should  not  have 
left  his  widow  in  a  precarious  situation — the  London 
Magazine  for  December  1732  says — "  the  case  of 
"  Mrs.  Wilks  deserves  the  utmost  concern  :  the 
"  humane  temper  and  universal  benevolence  of  her 
"  late  husband  having  left  her  little,  besides  her 
"  share  in  the  Patent  for  her  support." 

A  Life  of  Wilks  was  published  in  1732  by  Slow- 
it  was  written  by  a  person  who  called  himself  Daniel 
O'Bryan  Esquire,   and  who  said  that   a   particular 
intimacy  had  subsisted  between  himself  and  Wilks 
from  their  childhoods  to  the  time  of  Wilks'  death. 

Another  Life  of  Wilks  was  published  in  1733 — it 
was  written  by  Curll  the  bookseller — he  dedicated  it 
to  Mrs.  Wilks — and  in  the  preface  he  has  given  us 
the  following  testimonial. 

Bow  Street  C.  G.  Oct.  16  1732— Whereas  two 
false  and  scandalous  pamphlets  have  been  injuriously 
published  by.  one  Rayner,  and  Slow,  under  the  Title 
of  Memoirs,  &c. — and  Authentick  Memoirs,  &c.  of 
Mr.  Wilks — This  is  to  assure  the  Public  that  the 
Genuine  Account  of  Mr.  Wilks's  Family  &c.  will  be 
printed  only  for,  and  published  by,  Mr.  Curll,  with  all 
convenient  speed. 

Mary  Wilks,  his  Relict. 

M.  F.  Shaw,  his  Daughter-in-Law. 

The  most  remarkable  passage,  in  O'Bryans's  Life 


D.L.   1731-1732.  j.j<) 

of  Wilks,  is  that,  in  which  he  says  that  Wilks  was 
turned  out  of  the  office  of  the  Secretary  of  War  in 
Ireland  for  neglect  of  duty — this  is  so  directly  in 
opposition  to  what  Gibber  arid  others  say  of  him, 

that  it  does  not  seem  deserving  of  any   credit 

O'JBryan  does  not  say  much  of  Wilks'  theatrical  life, 

and  what  he  does  say,  is  very  incorrect Neither 

of  the  Pamphlets  contains  any  information  of  much 
importance. 


Wilks'  characters. 

Dublin.  Othello. 

T.  R.  between  1690  and  1695.  Lysippus  in  Maid's 
Tragedy. 

Dublin  1698.  Sir  Frederick  Frolick  in  Comical 
Revenge — Courtall  in  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd — Dori- 
mant  in  Man  of  the  Mode. 

D.  L.  1698.  Probably  in  the  autumn — Palamede 
in  Marriage  a-la-Mode. 

1699.  *  Sir  Harry  Wildair  in  Constant  Couple 
-* Agamemnon  in  Achilles. 

1700.  *  Pedro  in  Pilgrim  altered^*  Capt.  Bellair 
in  Courtship  a-la-Mode. 

1701.  *  Carlos  in  Love  makes  a  Man—*  Railton 
in  the  Humour  of  the  Age — *  Paris   in  Virgin  Pro- 
phetess— *  Duke  of  Lorrain  in  Unhappy  Penitent. 

1702.  *Almerick  in  Generous  Conqueror — *Camp- 
ley  in   Funeral — *  Don    Pedro   in   False  Friend — 
*  Lionel  in  Modish  Husband — *  Young  Mirabel  in 
Inconstant — *  Elder  Wou'dbe  in  Twin  Rivals. 

1703.  *  Reynard  in  Tunbridge  Walks— the  R.over 

z  2 


340     .  D.  L.  1731-1732. 

— *  Frederick   in   Old  Mode — *  Bellmie   in  Love's 
Contrivance — Mosca    in   the   Fox  —  Oronooko  — 

*  Wilding  in  Vice  Reclaimed — *  Julio  in  Patriot. 

1703-1704.  *  Young  Bookwit  in  Lying  Lover— 
Amintor  in  Maid's  Tragedy — *  Norfolk  in  Albion 
Queens — Alexander  the  Great — Celadon  in  Secret 
Love — at  Court — Dolabella  in  All  for  Love — Pere- 
grine Wary  in  Sir  Solomon. 

1704-1705.  *  Sir  Charles  Easy— Sir  Frederick 
Frolick  in  Comical  Revenge — *  Capt.  Clerimont  in 
Tender  Husband — Goswin  in  Royal  Merchant — 
Theodore  in  Loyal  Subject. 

1705.1706.  *  Bloom  in  Hampstead  Heath—*  Sir 
James  Courtly  in  Basset  Table — *  Perolla  in  Perolla 
and  Izadora — *  Capt.  Plume  — Valentinian  — *  Fare- 
well in  Fashionable  Lover. 

Hay.  1706-1707.  Prince  of  Wales  in  Henry  4th 
pt.  1st. — Dorimant  in  Man  of  the  Mode — Lorenzo 
in  Spanish  Fryar — Moneses — Copper  Captain - 

*  Belvil  in  Platonick  Lady — Essex — Col.  Careless  in 
Committee — Courtall  in  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd — 
Sir  Philip  Luckless  in  Northern  Lass — Truewit  in 
Silent  Woman — Hamlet — probably  sooner — Antony 
in  Julius  Caesar — *  Palamede  in  Comical  Lovers— 
Marius  Junior  in  Caius  Marius — Castalio — *  Archer 
— Jaffier — Valentine  in  Wit  without  Money — Jupi- 
ter  in   Amphitiyon — Young    Wealthy   in    Fortune 
Hunters. 

1707-1708.  Loveless  in  Love's  last  Shift—*  Care- 
less in  Double  Gallant — Cortez  in  Indian  Emperor 
— *  Aribert  in   Royal   Convert — *  Lord  Wronglove 
in  Lady's  last   Stake — Macduff — Vincent  in  Jovial 
Crew. 


D.  L.   1731-1732.  3*1 

D.  L.  1708.  Valentine  in  Love  for  Love — Zipha- 
res  in  Mithridates — Don  John  in  Chances — Sir 
Philip  Freewit  in  Marriage-Hater — Courtine  in 
Soldier's  Fortune — Bellmour  in  Old  Batchelor — 
Belfond  Junior  in  Squire  of  Alsatia — Jack  Amorous 
in  Love  for  Money — *  Artaban  in  Persian  Princess. 

1708-1709.  Edgar  in  King  Lear — Loveless  in  Re- 
lapse— *Col.  Blenheim  in  Fine  Lady's  Airs — Woodly 
in  Epsom  Wells — *  Young  Oldwit  in  Rival  Fools- 
Johnson  in  Rehearsal — *L.  Icilius  in  Appius  and 
Virginia — Ozmyri  in  Conquest  of  Granada — Don  Se- 
hastian — Horner  in  Country  Wife — *Sir  George  Airy 
in  B.  B.— Troilus. 

Hay.  1709-1710.  Villeroy  in  Fatal  Marriage  - 
Lovemore  in  Amorous  Widow — *  Faithful  in  Man's 
Bewitched — Face  in  Alchemist — Elder  Loveless  in 
Scornful  Lady — Woodvil  in  Country  Wake — Lord 
Montacute  in  Edward  3d — Henry  6th  in  Richard  3d 
-  Rashley  in  Fond  Husband — Beaupres  in  Villain — 
Othello — *  Lothario  in  Force  of  Friendship. 

D.  L.  1710-1711.  *Col.   Ravelin    in    Marplot  - 
*Rashlove  in  Injured  Love. 

1711-1712.  Philaster— *Volatil  in  Wife's  Relief— 
Piercy  in  Virtue  Betrayed — *Col  Bastion  in  Perplex- 
ed Lovers — Demetrius  in  Humorous  Lieutenant. 

1712-1713.  *Major  Young  Fox  in  Humours  of  the 
Army — *Juba — *Chaucer  in  Wife  of  Bath — Ferdi- 
nand in  Tempest. 

1713-1714.  *Agamemnon  in  Victim — *Dumont 
— *Don  Felix  in  Wonder. 

1714-1715.  Cassio — *Modely  in  Country  Lasses. 

1715-1716.  *Sir  George  Truman  in  Drummer. 

1716-1717.  No  new  character. 


342  D.  L.   1731-1732. 

1717.1718.  *Heartly  in  Non-Juror —  Mirabell  in 
Way  of  the  World. 

1718-1719.  *Don  Carlos  in  Ximena— *Sir  George 
Jealous  in  Masquerade — *Bellamar  in  Chit  Chat— 
*Memnon  in  Busiris. 

1719-1720.  *Eurytion  in  Spartan  Dame  —  *Eu- 
menes  in  Siege  of  Damascus. 

1720-1721.  Prince  of  Wales  in  Henry  4th  part  2d 
— *Frankly  in  Refusal — *  Carlos  in  Revenge. 

1721-1722.  Aurenge-Zebe — *Yvor  in  Briton. 

1722-1723.  *Sir  John  Freeman  in  Artifice — *Myi- 
tle  in  Conscious  Lovers — *Orlando  in  Love  in  a 
Forest. 

1723-1724.  *Dauphin  in  Hill's  Henry  5th— *Phra- 
ortes  in  Captives — Buckingham  in  Henry  8th. 

1724-1725.  *  Antony  in  Caesar  in  ^Egypt. 

1725-1726.  Altamont  in  Fair  Penitent — Constant 
in  Provoked  Wife. 

1726-1727.  *Bellamine  in  Rival  Modes. 

1727-1728.  *Henriquez  in  Double  Falsehood — 
*Lord  Townly — *Merital  in  Love  in  several  Masques. 

1728-1729.  No  new  character. 

1729-1730.  *Gainlove  in  Humours  of  Oxford - 
*Masinissa  in  Thomson's  Sophonisba — Hastings. 

1730-1731.  *  Jason  in  Medsea. 

1731-1732.  *Lord  Modely  in  Modish  Couple— 
*Bellamant  in  Modern  Husband. 

Some  few  characters  in  obscure  plays  are  omitted. 

*   Originally. 


Gibber  fills  several  pages  of  the'  latter  part  of  his 
Apology  with  complaints  of  the  impetuosity  of  Wilks' 


D.  L.   1731-1732.  343 

temper;  he  says  that  Dogget  assigned  as  a  principal 
reason  for  giving  up  his  lucrative  share  in  the  theatre, 
that  he  could  not  put  up  with  Wilks'  temper— that 
Booth  had  his  share  of  the  same  uneasiness  and  often 
complained  of  it — and  that  some  of  the  deserters  to 
L.  I.  F.  in  1714  told  him,  that  the  greatest  grievance 
they  had  to  complain  of  at  D.  L.  was  the  passionate 
speeches  which  Wilks  on  every  slight  occasion  would 
make  use  of. 

Wilks  was  no  doubt  passionate,  but  who  can  believe 
all  that  Gibber  tells  us  on  this  point  ? — the  deserters 
were  certainly  tempted  to  go  to  L.  I.  F.  by  the  pro- 
mise of  better  pay  and  better  parts — as  Wilks  has  not 
told  his  own  story,  let  the  author  of  the  Laureat 
speak  for  him— he  thus  addresses  Gibber — "One 
"  may  easily  conceive  the  foundation  of  your  malice 
"  to  Wilks — his  crime  was  merit — it  is,  and  was, 
"  the  opinion  of  most  people,  both  within  and  with- 
"  out  the  doors  of  the  theatre,  that  he  was  the  cor- 
"  ner-stone  that  supported  it — if  he  sometimes  chas- 
"  tised  you  with  his  tongue,  were  not  your  idleness, 
"  your  neglect  of  your  business,  your  tyrannical  be- 
"  haviour  to  your  inferiours,  the  occasions  of  his 
*'  rebuking  you  ? — did  not  you  often  hurt  the  thea- 
"  trical  affairs  by  your  avarice  and  ill  conduct  ? — 
"  did  you  not  by  your  general  misbehaviour  towards 
"  authors  and  actors,  bring  an  odium  on  your  brother 
"  managers,  as  well  as  yourself?  I  have  been  assured, 
"  no  person  who  ever  had  power  on  the  stage,  was 
"  ever  so  universally  odious  to  the  actors  as  yourself; 
"  and  these  were  the  reasons  which  might  sometimes 
"  provoke  Wilks  to  treat  you  with  the  same  asperity 
"  you  used  to  others — your  partiality  is  so  notorious, 


344  D.  L.   1731-1732. 

"  with  relation  to  Wilks,  that  every  one  sees  you 
"  never  praise  him,  but  to  rail  at  him  ;  and  only  oil 
"  your  hone,  to  whet  your  rasor." 

The  naturally  close  and  sullen  dispositions  of  Dog- 
get  and  Gibber,  quite  opposite  to  Wilks'  open  and 
generous  mind,  must  now  and  then  clash  and  occasion 
convulsions  in  their  affairs — Dogget's  great  anxiety 
was  to  take  advantage  of  the  rise  and  fall  of  the 
Stocks ;  Gibber  was  addicted  to  gaming  and  all  man- 
ner of  pleasure — what  could  Wilks,  who  was  a  man 
of  regularity  and  intent  on  the  credit  of  the  theatre, 
do  with  such  partners  as  a  stock-jobber  and  a 
gamester  ?  in  the  decorations  of  plays  they  grudged 
every  necessary  expense,  while  his  spirit  took  plea- 
sure in  dressing  every  character  as  it  ought  to  be, 
and  furnishing  such  other  ornaments  as  the  plays  re- 
quired. (Dames  and  Laureat.'} 

Gibber  himself  says — "  Dogget,  who  was  naturally 
"  an  (economist,  kept  our  expenses  and  accounts  to 
"  the  best  of  his  power  within  regulated  bounds : 
"  Wilks,  who  had  a  stronger  passion  for  glory  than 
"  gain,  was  apt  to  be  lavish  :  for  example  at  the  be- 
"  ginning  of  almost  every  season  he  would  order  two 
"  or  three  suits  to  be  made  or  refreshed  for  actors  of 
"  moderate  consequence,  that  his  having  constantly  a 
"  new  one  for  himself  might  seem  less  particular, 
"  tho'  he  had  as  yet  no  new  part  for  it :  this  Dogget 
"  always  looked  on  with  the  eye  of  a  man  in  pain : 
"  but  I  (tho*  I  liked  the  matter  as  little  as  Dogget 
"  himself)  only  commended  his  fancy,  or  at  most 
"  whispered  him  not  to  give  himself  so  much  trouble 
"  about  others  upon  whose  performance  it  would  be 
"  thrown  away :  Wilks  with  an  air  of  triumph  replied 


D.L.  1731-1732.  345 

« — <  why  now  that  was  what  I  really  did  it  for,  to 
"  show  others  that  I  love  to  take  care  of  them,  as 
"  well  as  of  myself.' " 

Here  Cibber  without  intending  it  places  Wilks' 
conduct  in  an  advantageous  point  of  view  ;  at  the 
time  that  he  complains  of  Wilks'  profusion,  each  of 
the  Managers,  by  his  own  acknowledgment,  cleared 
£1000  a  year. 

Wilks  as  Manager  was  the  most  reprehensible  for 
his  partiality  to  Mills  :  which  seems  to  have  been  as 
much  owing  to  jealousy  of  Booth,  as  to  friendship 
for  Mills — on  Verbruggen's  death  (see  Hay.  Nov.  15 
1707)  when  Wilks  was  himself  only  a  hired  actor,  he 
with  a  high  hand  gave  Pierre  to  Mills,  who  had  no 
pretensions  to  that  part  in  comparison  with  Booth 
then  young  as  he  was.  {Cibber.'} 

Of  the  three  Managers  Cibber  was  for  many  reasons 
the  least  esteemed  by  the  players — the  author  of  the 
Laureat  says — "  several  of  the  surviving  actors  are 
"  ready  to  testify,  that  he  was  always  against  raising 
"  or  rewarding,  or  by  any  means  encouraging  merit 
"  of  any  kind ;  they  know  how  many  disputes  he 
"  had  with  Wilks  on  this  account,  who  was  impatient, 
"  when  justice  required  it,  to  reward  the  meritorious" 
—this  is  probably  an  exaggerated  account — see  what 
theo.  Cibber  says  Nov.  1727. 

The  manner  in  which  the  three  Managers  treated 
dramatic  writers  is  thus  represented  by  the  author  of 
the  Laureat. 

"  The  Court  sitting,  Chancellor  Cibber  (for  the 
"  two  others  sat  only  for  form's  sake)  nodded  to  the 
"  author  to  open  his  manuscript — the  author  begins 
"  to  read — in  which  if  he  failed  to  please  the  corrector, 


346  D.  L.  1731-1732. 

"  he  would  sometimes  condescend  to  read  it  himself 
"  — if  the  play  struck  him — as  it  would  if  he  found 
"  any  thing  new  in  it,  and  he  thought  he  could  par- 
"  ticularly  shine  in  it  as  an  actor — he  would  lay  down 
"  his  pipe  (for  the  Chancellor  always  smoked  when 
"  he  made  a  decree)  and  cry  '  by  Heaven  there  is 
"  something  in  this — I  do  not  know  but  it  may  do- 
"  I  will  play  such  a  part* — when  the  reading  was 
"  finished,  he  made  his  corrections  and  sometimes 
"  without  any  propriety." 

Davies  is  not  surprised,  that  Wilks,  who  was  a  man 
of  plain  good  sense,  but  without  a  learned  education, 
should  thus  submit  to  Gibber's  judgment,  but  oberves 
that  Booth's  resignation  of  his  understanding  to  an 
inferiour  must  be  resolved  into  an  habitual  love  of 

ease to  this  indolence  of  Booth  it  is  probably 

owing  that  Gibber  makes  little  or  no  complaint  of 
him  in  his  Apology. 

After  all  that  has  been  said  against  Chancellor 
Gibber,  it  does  not  appear  that  he  often  made  a  wrong 
decree  :  most  of  the  good  plays  came  out  at  D.  L.— 
nor  am  I  aware  that  Gibber  is  much  to  be  blamed 
for  rejecting  any  play,  except  the  Siege  of  Damascus 
in  the  first  instance. 

Cibber  very  properly  observes — "  among  the  many 
"  disagreeable  circumstances  attending  the  manage- 
"  ment  of  a  theatre,  one  was  the  persecution  we  so 
"  often  met  with  from  bad  authors,  tho*  I  am  not 
"  conscious  we  ever  did  any  of  them  the  least  injury 
"  — yet  this  was  not  all  we  had  to  struggle  with ;  to 
"  supersede  our  right  of  rejecting  a  play,  the  recom- 
"  mendation,  or  rather  imposition,  of  some  great 
"  persons  (whom  it  was  not  prudent  to  disoblige) 


D.  L.    1731-1732.  .347 

"  sometimes  came  in  to  support  their  pretensions  ; 
"  and  then,  cout  que  cout,  acted  it  must  be  1  so  when 
"  the  short  life  of  this  wonderful  nothing  was  over, 
"  the  actors  were  perhaps  abused  in  a  preface  for 
"  obstructing  the  success  of  it,  and  the  Town  pub- 
"  lickly  damned  us  for  our  private  civility." 

"  Thus  was  our  administration  often  censured  for 
"  circumstances,  which  it  was  not  in  our  power  to 
"  prevent — if  therefore  some  plays  were  brought  on 
"  the  stage,  that  were  never  fit  to  have  been  seen 
"  there,  let  this  be  our  excuse  for  it — and  let  our 
"  merit  in  rejecting  many  bad  plays,  which  were 
"  pressed  upon  us,  be  weighed  against  the  few  that 
"  were  thus  imposed  upon  us." 

Thus  far  Gibber's  conduct  to  authors  seems  to 
have  been  as  little  censurable  as  that  of  any  Manager 
before  his  time  or  since — but  the  author  of  the  Lau- 
reat  brings  two  heavy  charges  against  him  ;  in  both 
of  which  there  seems  to  be  too  much  truth — he 
accuses  him  of  pilfering  scenes  from  manuscript  plays 
which  had  been  put  into  his  hands,  as  Manager — see 
Double  Gallant  Hay.  Nov.  1  1707 — and  taxes  him 
with  taking  delight  in  rebuffing  dramatic  writers,  and 
calling  that  pastime  of  his  the  Choalting  of  Singing- 
Birds — he  relates  the  particulars  of  Gibber's  insolence 
to  Fenton—  (see  Mariamne  L.  I.  F.  Feb.  22  1723)- 
and  adds — "  a  certain  young  Gentleman  applied  to 
"  you  as  Corrector  of  D.  L.  to  look  over  his  piece 
•"  and  see  if  you  thought  it  fit  for  representation  ; 
"  you  turned  over  the  first  leaf,  and  having  read  only 
"  two  lines,  you  returned  it  with  these  words,  '  Sir 
"  it  will  not  do  ' — full  of  this  adventure  you  came  to 
'«  Button's  ready  to  split  with  laughter  ;  you  related 


348  L.  i.  F.  1731-1732. 

"  this  incident  to  your  friend  CoL  Brett,  who  instead 
"  of  joining  in  your  mirth,  put  on  a  severe  brow  and 
"  reprobated  your  conduct  in  very  rough  language  ; 
"  after  which  he  turned  his  back  upon  you  and  left 
"  the  room — I  believe  this  just  chastisement  some- 
"  what  affected  you,  for  you  made  no  reply ;  you 
"  squinted  indeed  as  usual,  took  a  pinch  of  snuff, 
"  and  sat  down  to  ruminate  on  the  affair,  under  the 
"  pretence  of  reading  a  Spectator." 


L.  I.  F.  1731-1732. 

Sept.  17.  Othello  =  Quin:  lago  =  Ryan:  Cassio 
=  Walker  :  Brabantio  =  Mil  ward :  Roderigo  =  Chap- 
man :  Desdemona^Mrs.  Younger :  JEmilia  is  omitted. 

20.  Conscious  Lovers 22.  Strategem. 

27.  Macbeth.  Banquo  —  Milward  :  Lady  Macbeth 
=  Mrs.  Hal  lam : — Dr.  Burney  had  written  after  Mrs. 
Hallam  her  1st  appearance  on  the  stage— and  then 
scratched  it  out  again — she  was  probably  the  same 
person  as  Mrs.  Berriman — in  the  course  of  this  season 
Mrs.  Hallam  acted  Lady  Macbeth,  Queen  in  Spanish 
Fryar,  Richard  the  3d,  and  Hamlet — Florinda — Portia 
— Belvidera — Alithea — Arpasia — Amanda — Elvira — 
Jocasta — Maria  in  Fond  Husband — Isabella  in  Mis- 
take— Lady  Brute — Roxana — Antigona — all  these 
parts  had  been  acted  by  Mrs.  Berriman — Isabella  in 
the  Conscious  Lovers  is  said  to  be  acted  by  Mrs. 


L.  i.  F.  1731-1732.  349 

Berriman  on    Sep.    20,   and  by  Mrs.  Hallam   on 
Dec.  14. 

29.  Henry  4th  part  1st.      Falstaff=Quin  :  Hot- 
spur —  Walker  :   King  =:  Mihvard:  Prince  of  Wales 
=  Ryan  :    Poins  =  Chapman  :   Francis  =  Hippisley  : 
Kate— Mrs.  Bullock. 

Oct.  1.  Constant  Couple.     Alderman  Smuggler  r= 
Hippisley. 

11.  Spanish  Fryar.     Leonora  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

13.  Oronooko  =  Hulett. 

18.  Rover.     Florinda  —  Mrs.  Hallam. 

20.  Jew  of  Venice.  Shylock  —  Ogden  :  Antonio 
=  Ryan  :  Bassanio  =  Walker  :  Gratiano  =  Milward  : 
Portia  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Nerissa  =  Mrs.  Bullock :  Jes- 
sica =  Miss  Holliday :  with  School  boy.  Major 
Rakish  =  Hippisley:  Young  Rakish  =  Walker: 
Friendly  =  Milward  :  School  boy  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

25.  Venice  Preserved.     Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

27.  Country  Wife.     Alithea  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

30.  Emperour  of  the  Moon.   Dr.  Baliardo  =  Hall : 
Harlequin  =  Pinkethman  :    Scaramouch  =  Hippisley : 
Charmante  =  Milward  :   Cinthio  =  Chapman  :   Mop- 
sophil  =  Mrs.  Egleton  : — Elaria  and  Bellemante  are 
omitted. 

Nov.  2.  Never  acted  there,  Provoked  Husband. 
Lord  Townly  —  Ryan :  Sir  Francis  Wronghead  = 
Hippisley  :  Manly  =  Quin  :  Count  Basset  =  Chap- 
man :  Squire  Richard  =  Ray :  John  Moody  is  omitted: 
Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Younger  :  Lady  Wronghead  = 
Mrs.  Cantrell :  Lady  Grace  =  Mrs.  Buchanan  :  Miss 
Jenny  =  Miss  Binks  : — acted  about  5  times. 

Nov.  4.    Tamerlane  =  Milward  :   Bajazet^Quin  : 


350         .  L.  i.  F.   1731-1732. 

Moneses  =  Ryan  :  Axalla  =  W alker  :   Arpasia  =  Mrs. 
Hallam  :  Selima  =  Mrs.  Younger. 
6.  Double  Dealer. 

8.  Love's  last  Shift.   Sir  Novelty  Fashion  =  Chap- 
man :    Loveless  =  Ryan  :    Elder  Worthy  =  Mil  ward  : 
Younger  Worthy = Walker:  Sir  W.  Wisewou'd=Hip- 
pisley  :    Snap  =:  Pinkethman  :    Narcissa  =  Mrs.  Bul- 
lock :   Amanda  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Hillariarr  Mrs.  Bu- 
chanan. 

9.  Busy  Body 10.  Beggar's  Opera. 

12.  London  Cuckolds.      Wiseacre  =  Hippisley  : 
Dash  well  =  Pinkethman  :    Ramble  —  Ryan  :    Townly 
Walker :  Loveday  =  Mil  ward :  Lady  No  =  Mrs.  Bul- 
lock :  Peggy  =  Miss  Holliday  : — rest  omitted. 

13.  Measure  for  Measure. 

15.  Richard  3d.  Richard  —  Ryan  :  King  Henry 
=  Mil  ward :  Richmond  =  Walker  :  Buckingham  = 
Quin  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Hallam  •  Lady  Anne  =  Mrs. 
Bullock  :  Duchess  of  York  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

17.  Hamlet  =  Ryan  :    Ghost  =  Quin  :    King  =  Hu- 
lett:  Horatio =Milward :  Polonius  =  Hippisley :  Fop 
=  Chapman  :  Gravedigger  =  Bullock  :   Queen  =  Mrs. 
Hallam. 

18.  Amorous  Widow— — 19.  Country  House. 

22.  Drummer 23.  Momus  turned  Fabulist. 

25.  Never  acted  there,   She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd 

not.  Trappanti  =  Chapman  :  Don  Manuel  =  Hip- 
pisley :  Don  Philip  =  Ryan  :  Octavio  =  Walker :  Soto 
=  Pinkethman  :  Hypolita  =  Mrs.  Younger  :  Flora  = 
Mrs.  Stevens :  Rosara  =  Mrs.  Bullock  : — acted  4 
times  successively — Viletta  is  omitted  in  all  the  bills. 
Dec.  1.  Prophetess.  Prophetess  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 


L.I.  F.   1731-1732.  351 

2.  Anatomist. 

3.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Clodio  =  Chapman :  Don 
Lewis  =  Pinkethman  :   Carlos  =  Walker :  Charino  = 
Hippisley :    Louisa  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :    Elvira  =  Mrs. 
Hal  lam. 

6.  Royal  Merchant.  Goswin  =  Ryan  :  Clause  := 
Quin :  Wolfort  =  Walker  :  Hempskirke  =  M  il ward  : 
Vandunke  =  Bullock  :  Higgen  =  Hippisley  :  Prigg  = 
Chapman  :  Bertha  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

8.  Merry  Wives.      Shallow  =  Chapman  :    Slender 
=  Clarke  :  Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Younger.     F. 

9.  CEdipus.     Jocasta=Mrs.  Hallam. 

11.  Volpone.     Corvino  =  Walker 13.  JEsop. 

14.  Conscious  Lovers.     Isabella  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

15.  Rule  a  Wife  and  have  a  Wife.     Leon  =  Quin  : 
Copper  Captain  =  Ryan  :    Cacafogo  =  Hulett :   Duke 
=  Milward :  Estifania  =  Mrs.  Younger  :  Margarita  = 
Mrs.  Buchanan  :     Old  Woman  =  Mr.  Hippisley  :— 
acted  about  8  times. 

29.  Macbeth."    2d  Witch  =  Hippisley. 

Jan.  1.  Duke  and  no  Duke 10.  Gamester. 

12.  Orphan 26.  Fair  Quaker. 

Feb.  14.  Not  acted  3  years,  Fond  Husband.  Bub- 
bles Chapman  :  Fumble  =  Hippisley  :  Rashley  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Ranger  =  Quin  :  Emilia  =  Mrs.  Bullock  : 
Maria  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

15.  Mistake.     Isabella  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

21.  Beggar's  Opera.     Lucy  =  Mrs.  Egleton. 

28.  Provoked  Wife.      Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

March  14.  False  Friend. 

20.  Old  Batchelor,  with,  never  performed,  Sequel 
to  the  Opera  of  Flora,  or  Hob's  Wedding.  Hobr= 
Laguerre  :  Woodville  =  Walker  :  Sir  Thomas  Testy 


352        .  L.  i.  F.  1731-1732. 

=  Hippisley  :  Truelove  =.  Sal  way  :  Say  well  =.  Aston  : 
Old  Hob  =  Hall :  Lady  Testy  =  Mrs.  Cantrell :  Lucia 
=  Mrs.  Vincent :  Hob's  Mother  =  Mrs.  Egleton : 
Mary  =  Mrs.  Forrester  : — the  Country  Wake  came 
out  in  5  acts — see  L.  I.  F.  1696 — Dogget  himself 
reduced  it  to  a  Farce — see  D.  L.  Oct.  6  lyil — 
Leigh  brought  out  Hob's  Wedding  at  L.  I.  F.  Jan.  11 
1720 — this  consisted  of  those  scenes  of  the  Country 
Wake  which  Dogget  had  omitted  in  his  Farce — Hip- 
pisley is  said  to  have  added  the  songs  to  Hob's 
Wedding  at  this  time — the  Sequel  to  Flora  is  a  very 
good  ballad  Farce,  but  the  original  play  is  much 
better  than  any  of  the  pieces  which  have  been  taken 
from  it. 

21.  Quin's  bt.  Committee.  Teague  =  Quin  :  Care- 
less =  Ryan  :  Blunt  =  Walker  :  Obediahrr  Hippisley  : 
Ruth  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Arbella  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

23.  Ryan's  bt.  Provoked  Husband,  with,  never 
performed,  Tho'  strange  'tis  True,  or  Love's  Vaga- 
ries —  Walker  — Chapman — Milwarci — Hippisley — 
this  Farce  seems  to  have  been  acted  but  once,  and 
not  to  have  been  printed. 

25.  Never  acted,  Married  Philosopher.  Young 
Bellefleur  =  Milward  :  Sir  Harry  Sprightly  =  Ryan  : 
Odway  =  Hulett :  Old  Bellefleur  =  Quin  :  Horatio  = 
Walker :  Brush  (servant  to  Young  Bellefleur)  — 
Chapman  :  Violetta  (a  coquette)  =  Mrs.  Younger  : 
Melissa  (her  sister)  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Pin  well  (Me- 
lissa's woman)  =  Mrs.  Stevens  : — acted  about  5  times 
— Old  Bellefleur  had  lost  the  bulk  of  his  property 
by  becoming  security  for  a  friend — Young  Bellefleur 
had  been  educated  at  the  expense  of  Odway,  who  is 
his  maternal  uncle — Odway  had  behaved  with  gene- 


L.  i.  F.  1731-1732.  353 

rosity  to  him  as  to  money  matters,  but  he  is  a  man 
of  coarse  manners,  and  impatient  of  contradiction— 
Young  Bellefleur  had  been  married  to  Melissa  for 
near  two  years — he  is  very  anxious  to  have  his  mar- 
riage kept  secret,  partly  because  he  does  not  wish  to 
offend  his  uncle,  but  chiefly  because  he  had  formerly 
exercised  his  wit  in  ridicule  of  matrimony — Melissa 
is  much  embarrassed  with  the  addresses  of  Sir 
Harry  Sprightly — Young  Bellefleur  is  equally  annoyed 
by  Odway,  who  insists  that  he  should  marry  his  wife's 
daughter — in  the  5th  act,  Young  Bellefleur  avows  his 
marriage — Odway  is  at  first  in  a  violent  passion  — 
but  by  degrees  he  becomes  pacified,  and  reconciled  to 
his  nephew — Sir  Harry  transfers  his  affections  from 
Melissa  to  Od way's  daughter  in  law — this  is  a  forced 
incident,  and  by  no  means  suited  to  the  rest  of  Sir 
Harry's  character — Violetta  marries  Horatio— this  C. 
is  professedly  taken  from  the  French— it  was  adapted 
to  the  English  stage  by  Kelly — it  is  on  the  whole  a 
good  play,  but  there  is  too  much  mere  dialogue — 
—the  plot  of  Mrs.  Inchbald's  Married  Man,  which 
came  out  at  the  Hay.  July  15  1789,  does  not 
differ  materially  from  the  plot  of  this  play — she  has 
managed  some  points  better  than  Kelly,  and  some 
worse. 

30.  Confederacy.  Gripe  =  Pinkethman :  Corinna 
=  Miss  Holliday :  Araminta  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Mrs. 
Amlet  =  Mrs.  Egleton  : — rest  as  before.  F. 

April  10.  Walker's  bt.  Rival  Queens.  Alexander 
cz  Walker :  Clytus  =  Quin  :  Lysimachus  =  Ryan  : 
HephestionrzMilward  :  Cassander  =  Hulett :  Thes- 
salus  =  Chapman :  Roxana  =  Mrs.  Hallam :  Statira  = 
Mrs.  Hullock. 

VOL.  III.  A  A 


L.  i.  F    1731-1732. 

14.  Hippisley's  bt.  Stratcgem.  Archer  =  Ryan  : 
Scrubs  Hippisley :  Aimwell  =  Walker  :  Boniface  = 
Hulett :  Gibbet  =  Chapman  :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs. 
Bullock  :  Dorinda  —  Mrs.  Younger  :  with,  never  per- 
formed, the  Medley,  or  Hippisley's  Drunken  Man- 
it  should  be  remembered  that  Harper  had  exhibited 
his  Drunken  Man  several  years  before  Hippisley. 

18.  Mrs.  Egleton's  bt.  Pilgrim,  with  a  new  ballad 
Opera  called  the  Maggot  written  by  Mrs.  Egleton— 
there  are  no  performers'  names — the  piece  seems  not 
to  have  been  printed. 

24.  Mrs.  Buchanan's  bt.  Not  acted  8  years,  Don 
Sebastian.  Don  Sebastian  —  Walker:  Dorax  =  Quin: 
Antonio  is  omitted  :  Muley  Moluch  =  Mil  ward  : 
Muley  Zeydan  =  Lacy  :  Mufti  =  Bullock  :  Captain  (of 
th  e  Rabble)  —  Pinkethman  :  Almeyda  =  Mrs.  Bucha- 
nan :  Moraymarr  Mrs.  Bullock. 

26.  Miss  Holliday's  bt.     Never  acted  there,  Lady's 
last  Stake.  Lord  Wronglove= Walker :  Lord  George 
Brilliant  =  Chapman :  Sir  Friendly  Moral =Milward : 
Lady  Wronglove  =  Mrs.  Hall  am  :  Mrs.  Conquest  — 
Mrs.  Younger  :  Miss  Notable  =  Miss  Holliday  :  Lady 
Gentle  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

27.  Milward's  bt. —  before  the  Free  Masons.     Re- 
cruiting Officer.     Plume  =  Ryan  :  Brazen  =  Chap- 
man :  Balance  =  Quin  :  Kite  =  Hall :  Bullock  =  Bul- 
lock -..Worthy  =  Walker:  Welch  Collier  =  Hippisley  : 
Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Younger:    Melinda^Mrs.  Bullock: 
(F.)   Rose  =  Miss  Holliday. 

28.  Double  Dealer,  with  an  Opera,  never  performed, 
called  Telemachus.  Telemachus  =  Roberts. 

29.  For  the  author.  Philotas.  Antigona^Mrs. 
Hallam. 

May  1.  Busy  Body.     Miranda  =  Miss  Holliday. 


G.  F.    1731-1732.  355 

2.  Fond  Husband,  and  Tom  Thumb— Tom  Thumb 
was  acted  3  times. 

12.  Macbeth.  Murderer  =  Hippisley  :  Lady  Mac- 
beth =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

18.  Committee.  Blunt  =  Quin:  Teague  is  omitted. 

22.  London  Merchant.  George  Barnwell  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Uncle  =  Chapman  :  Blunt  —  Aston:  Mihvood 
=  Mrs.  Buchanan  : — rest  omitted  —seemingly  acted 
but  once. 

June  2.  Woman's  Revenge,  with  Perseus  and  An- 
dromeda, being  the  last  time  of  the  company's  acting 
at  that  theatre.  (Sills  from  B.  M.  and  Mr.  Field.'} 

Teraminta,  an  Opera  in  3  acts  by  Carey,  was  printed 
in  1732 — it  had  been  acted  at  L.  I.  F. — it  is  a  mere 
vehicle  for  music — as  a  drama  it  is  contemptible. 


G.  F.  1731-1732. 

The  house,  being  newly  fitted  up  and  made  more 
commodious  and  warm,  was  opened  Sep.  27 — Mrs. 
Roberts  from  D.  L.  made  her  1st  appearance  in 
Mil  wood. 

Nov.  4.    Tamerlane.     Haly  =  Woodward. 

15.  Spanish  Fryar.  Gomez  =  Norris  from  Dublin, 
son  of  the  late  famous  Comedian  of  that  name,  alias 
Jubilee  Dicky. 

A  A  2 


356  G.  F.  1731-1732. 

24.  Orphan.  Chamont  =  Delane  from  Dublin, 
seemingly  his  1st  appearance — (see  Irish  Stage  1728) 
— Castalio  =  Giffard  :  Moriimia  =  Mrs.  Giffard. 

26.  Delane  acted  Othello. 

Dec.  7-  Delane  acted  Orestes. 

9-  Mourning  Bride,     Selim  =  Young  Woodward. 

13  and  20.  Delane  acted  Oronooko  and  Essex. 

30.    Lady  Jane  Gray.  Pembroke  =  Delane. 

Jan.  3.  Committee.      Teague  =  Miller  from  D.  L. 

17.  Committee  12th  time. 

20  and  27.  Miller  acted  Ben  and  Sir  J.  Wittol. 

28  or  29.  Delane  acted  Hotspur. 

Feb.  5.  Constant  Couple.  Standard  =  Del ane  : 
Clincher  Sen.  =  Miller. 

8.    Spanish  Fryar.     Torrismond=:  Delane. 

—  Love  makes  a  Man.    Don  Lewis  =  Miller. 

17.  Provoked  Husband.  Manly  =  Delane :  John 
Moody  =  Miller. 

21 .  A  new  Comedy,  called  the  Jealous  Husband,  or 
Modern  Gallantry — Delane,  &c. — this  play  was  acted 
twice — it  seems  not  to  have  been  printed. 

26.  Hamlet.  Hamlet  =  Giffard  :  Ghost  =  Delane  : 
1st  Gravedigger  =  Miller:  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Giffard. 

March  J.  A  new  Opera  called  the  Footman — acted 
5  times — most  of  the  characters  in  this  piece  are  ser- 
vants who  assume  the  names  of  their  masters  and 
mistresses — the  piece  would  have  been  better,  if  it 
had  been  written  in  2  acts  instead  of  3 — it  wants  in- 
cident, but  some  parts  of  the  dialogue  have  consider- 
able merit. 

20.  Delane  acted  Richard  the  3d  for  his  bt. 

23.  Miller's  bt.  Strategem.  Archer  =  Giffard : 
Scrub  =  Norn  s  :  Ai  m  well  =  Delane  :  Foigard  =  Mil- 
ler :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Giffard. 


HAY.   1732.  357 

27.  Tender   Husband.     Nutnps  =  Miller :    Cleri- 
mont  Sen.  =  Delane  : — with  Devil  to  Pay.  Jobson  = 
Miller,  1st  time. 

28.  Delane  acted  Tamerlane. 

April  1.  Mourning  Bride.     Osmyn=  .Delane. 
10.  Miller  acted  Trappanti. 
12.  Pilgrim.     Roderigo  —  Delane  :    Mad  English- 
man =  Miller. 

17.  Miller  acted  Timothy  Peascod. 

21.  Burney'sbt.  Committee  and  Harlequin's  Con- 
trivance.      Harlequin   to  be  attempted   by   Young 
Woodward:    Pierrot  =  Burney. 

22.  Miller  acted  Marplot. 

29.  Rule  a  Wife.     Leon  =  Delane :  Cacafogo  = 
Miller:  with  Stage  Coach.  Squire  Somebody  ^Miller. 

May  10  or  18.  For  bt.  of  H.  Woodward  and  Miss 
Wherrit.  Love  for  Love.  Ben  =  Miller,  being  the 
last  time  he  will  perform  the  part  this  season  : — with 
Harlequin's  Contrivance.  Harlequin  =  Woodward. 

15.  Contrivances.     Robin  —  Miller. 

23.  Flora.     Hob  =  Miller:  last  night.  (Bills  from 
B.M.1) 


HAY.  1732. 

Restauration  of  King  Charles  the  2d,  or  the  Life 
and  Death  of  Oliver  Cromwell,   an   Histori-Tragi- 


358  HAY.  1732. 

Comi-Ballad  Opera,  was  forbidden  to  be  acted— it 
was  written  by  Walter  Aston — the  parts  had  been 
cast  for  this  theatre — the  piece  itself  is  a  jumble  of 
Tragedy  Comedy  and  Opera — the  serious  scenes  are 
in  blank  verse,  and  very  poorly  written — the  comic 
scenes  have  a  considerable  share  of  humour — Britan- 
nia opens  the  play,  and  declares  her  intention  of  pro- 
tecting her  darling  Charles — Cromwell  enters  and 
begins  a  Soliloquy  with— 

"  O  Cromwell !  wretched,  happy,  restless  Crom- 
well." 

He  sings  an  air  and  invokes  the  damn'd  fiend— 
Grimbald  rises—  it  appears  that  Cromwell  had  sold 
himself  to  the  Devil — the  battle  of  Worcester  takes 
place — the  King  enters  pursued  by  Cromwell — they 
fight — Cromwell  disarms  the  King  and  is  going  to 
stab  him,  Britannia  descends  and  carries  the  King 
off  safe  in  her  Chariot — Cromwell  sings — the  King's 
fighting  with  Cromwell  is  a  poetical  fiction,  and  puts 
one  in  mind  of  what  Henry  the  4th  says — 

"  Thou  dost  belie  him,  Percy,  thou  dost  belie  him, 

"  He  never  did  encounter  with  Glendower  ; 

"  I  tell  thee,  he  durst  as  well  have  met  the  devil 

"  alone, 
"  As  Owen  Glendower  for  an  enemy." 

In  the  next  scene  the  King  conceals  himself  in  an 
Oak — Cromwell's  soldiers  are  going  to  destroy  the 
tree — Britannia  descends  and  says— 

"  Now,  piteous  Gods  defend  my  darling  Son  ! " 


HAY.   1732.  359 

a  shower  of  fire  falls  with  thunder  and  lightning,  and 
disperses  the  Soldiers. 

Act  2.  The  King  comes  to  a  cottage  in  disguise  — 
Dame  Sarah  not  knowing  the  King  rates  him  for  not 
winding  up  the  jack,  &c.  "  Why  you  black,  tawny- 
"face,  Ian  thorn-jawed,  charcoal-hrow'd,  wide-mouth'd, 
"long-nosed,  'lath-back,  spindle-shank'd,  awkward 
"  ninny,  did'st  thou  never  see  a  jack  before !  stand 
"  out  of  my  way  you  booby  "  —on  finding  who  he 
really  is,  she  informs  against  him,  but  he  makes  his 
escape  to  Bristol. 

Act.  3.  Grimbald  rises  and  summons  Cromwell — 
he  faints  and  in  the  next  scene  is  said  to  be  dead- 
Monk  seizes  Ireton  (who  had  been  dead  some  years 
before)  and  declares  his  intention  of  restoring  the 
King — the  mob  roast  rumps — the  King  and  attend- 
ants enter — Britannia  descends — she  and  the  King 
conclude  the  piece  with  an  air. 

All  Cromwell's  party  are  designated  in  the  D.  P. 
as  villains,  and  Dame  Sarah  as  a  treacherous  virago 
— except  what  she  says  of  the  King — an  acknow- 
ledgement of  Cromwell's  abilities — and  the  observa- 
tion of  a  simpleton  "  that  any  man  has  brains 
"  enough  for  a  soldier,  who  can  draw  a  trigger" — 
there  seems  nothing  in  this  Opera  which  could  give 
offence  to  the  most  determined  loyalist. 

Cromwell  begins  the  3d  Act  with  telling  Ireton 
that  the  King  had  fled  from  Bristol  to  Southampton, 
was  discovered,  had  then  hired  a  small  boat  to 
France — 

"  And  as  my  packet  says  is  safe  arriv'd 


"  For  I  have  spies  in  all  the  foreign  courts." 


360  HAY.  1732. 

Lord  Orrery  told  Burnet  he  was  once  walking 
with  Cromwell  at  Whitehall,  when  a  man  almost  in 
raga  came  in  view — Cromwell  presently  dismissed 
his  Lordship,  and  carried  the  man  into  his  closet ; 
the  next  time  he  saw  Lord  Orrery,  he  told  him  that 
man  had  brought  him  an  important  piece  of 
intelligence. 

Cromwell  knew  every  thing  that  passed  in  the 
King's  little  Court,  and  yet  none  of  his  spies  were 
discovered,  but  one  only. 

A  Gentleman  desired  leave  from  Cromwell  to 
travel,  which  he  obtained,  on  condition  that  he 
should  not  see  the  King  ;  this  he  promised  :  when 
he  arrived  where  the  King  was,  he  requested  per- 
mission to  wait  on  him  at  night,  which  was  granted— 
when  he  took  leave  of  the  King,  he  received  a  letter, 
which  he  sewed  in  the  crown  of  his  hat — of  all  this 
Cromwell  had  full  information  from  one  of  the  three 
persons  who  were  present — the  Gentleman  on  his 
return  came  with  confidence  to  Cromwell,  and  being 
demanded  by  him  if  he  had  punctually  performed  his 
promise,  he  answered  that  he  had — but  said  Crom- 
well, "  who  was  it  that  put  out  the  candles  when  you 
"  spoke  to  Charles  Stuart?  " — he  then  took  the  Gentle- 
man's hat,  and,  finding  the  letter,  sent  him  to  the 
Tower — see  Ludlow's  Memoirs,  vol.  2  p.  149. 


D.  L.   1732-1733.  301 


D.  L.   1732-1733. 

Sept.  8.    Rehearsal  with   Mock  Doctor,   or  the 
Dumb   Lady  Cured.      Gregory  =  Gibber  Jun. :    Sir 
Jasper  —  Shepherd  :  Leander  =  Stopelear  :  Dorcas  = 
Miss  Raftor :  Charlotte  =  Miss  Williams  : — this  Farce 
is  taken  from  Moliere  by  Fielding  ;  but  great  part  of 
it  had  been  brought  on  the  English  stage  before,  by 
Mrs.  Centlivre  in  Love's  Contrivance,  and  by  Lacy 
in  the  Dumb  Lady — the  Mock  Doctor  is  said  to  have 
come  out  in  the   Summer — this  no  doubt  was  the 
case,  the  bills  being  very  defective. 

19-  Committee.  Teague  =  Gibber  Jun.:  Ruth  = 
Mrs.  Thurmond  :  she  appears  to  have  acted  some 
few  times  at  D.  L.  the  beginning  of  this  season,  but 
on  the  18th  of  Oct.  she  was  engaged  at  G.  F. 

21.  Spanish  Fryar.  Dominic  =  Shepherd  :  Gomez 
=  Griffin:  Torrismond  =  Mills:  Lorenzo  =  W.  Mills  : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Thurmond:  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

23.  Busy  Body — with  Devil  of  a  Duke,  or  Trap- 
polin's  Vagaries.  Trappolin  =  Bridgewater  :  Lavi- 
nio  =  Roberts :  Puritan  =  Jones  :  Flametta  =  Miss 
Raftor:  2d  Woman  =  Mrs.  Willis: — this  is  Duke 
and  no  Duke  turned  into  a  ballad  Opera  with  slight 
alterations. 

26.  Amphitryon.  Jupiter  =  Mills:  Amphitryon  — 
W.  Mills. 

28.  Macbeth.     M acduff^  Gibber  Jun. :  Murderer 
=  Harper  :  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Horton. 
30.  Relapse.     Amanda  =  Mrs.  Gibber. 
Oct.  3.      Old  Batchelor.      Belmour  =  W.   Mills: 
Foridlewife  =  Gibber  :    Sir   Joseph    Wittol  =  Gibber 


362  D.  L.  1732-1733. 

Jun. :  Heartwell  —  Harper  :  Bl  uffr:  John  son  :  Shar- 
per =  Mills  :  Setter  =  Gates  :  Lsetitia  =  Mrs.  Thur- 
mond :  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Araminta  =  Mrs. 
Butler:  Silvia  =  Miss  Raftor.  F. 

5.  Cato.  Cato  =  Mills  :  Juba  =  A.  Hallam  :  Sem- 
pronius=:W.  Mills:  Syphax  =  Gibber:  Portius  = 
Bridge  water:  M  arci  a  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Lucia  =  Mrs. 
Cibber :— (F.)— with  Lottery. 

14.  Richard  3d  =  Cibber  :  with  Devil  to  Pay,  and 
a  new  Prologue  to  the  memory  of  Wilks. 

17.  Henry  4th  pt.   1st.      Prince  of  Wales  =  W. 
Mills:    Owen  Glendower  =  Cibber    Jun.:     Francis 
=  R.  Wetherhilt :     Kate  =  Mrs.    Booth: — rest   as 
before.     F. 

19.  Henry  4th  pt.  2d 21.  Greenwich  Park.  F. 

24.  Double  Gallant.     Careless  =  A.  Hallam.     F. 

26.  London  Merchant. 

28.     Love  for  Love.     Ben  =  Cibber. 

Nov.  2.  Love  for  Love,  and  Contrivances. 

4.  Tamerlane.  Bajazet  =  Mills  :  Tamerlane  = 
Bridgewater  :  Moneses  =  A.  Hallam  :  Axalla  =  Cib- 
ber Jun.:  Arpasia  —  Mrs.  Horton:  SelimarrMrs. 
Booth.  F. 

[g  7«  (probably)  Distressed  Mother,  and  What  d'ye 
call  it.  Kitty  Carrot  =  Miss  Raftor. 

14.  Funeral.  Lord  Hardy  =  W.  Mills:  Trim  = 
Cibber  Jun.:  Campley  =  Bridgewater  :  Trusty  = 
Mills  :  Sable  =  Johnson  :  Lady  Brumpton  =  Mrs. 
Horton  :  Lady  Chariot  =  Mrs.  Cibber  :  Lady  Har- 
riet =  Mrs.  Booth :  Kate  Matchlock  =  Mr.  Harper.  F. 

18.  Man  of  the  Mode.      Sir  Fopling  Flutter  = 
Cibber:    Dorimant^W.    Mills:    Medley  =  Mills  : 
Old  Bellair  =  Harper  :  Young  Bellair  =  Cibber  Jun. : 


D.  L.   1732-1733.  363 

Mrs.  Loveit  —  Mrs.  Heron  :    Harriet  =  Mrs.  Booth  : 
Belinda  =  Mrs.  Gibber  :  Emilia  =  Mrs.  Butler.    F. 

22.  Miller  acted  Teague,  being  his  first  appear- 
ance at  D.  L.  for  3  years. 

25.  Love  for  Love.  Ben  —  Gibber:  Tattle  = 
Gibber  Jun. 

Dec.  1.  Love  makes  a  Man. 

2.  Betty,  or  the  Country  Bumpkins. 

4.  Othello.  Othello  =  Mills  :Iago  =  Gibber:  Cas- 
sio  =  Bridgewater  :  Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Booth  :  ^Emi- 
lia =  Mrs.  Butler.  F. 

6.  or  7.  Way  of  the  World.  Mirabel  =  Bridge- 
water :  Witwou'd  =  Gibber  :  Sir  Wilful  Witwou'd  = 
Harper :  Fainall  =  W.  Mills  :  Petulant  =  Boman  : 
Waitwell  =  Shepherd  :  Millamant :  Mrs.  Horton  : 
Lady  Wishfort  =  Mrs.  Mills  :  Mrs.  Marwood  =  Mrs. 
Butler:  Foible  =  Mrs.  Shireburn  :  Mrs.  Fainall  = 
Mrs.  Heron : — with  a  Ballad  Opera  called  Betty. 
Betty  =  Miss  Raftor.  F. 

9.  Sir  Courtly  Nice.  Crack  —  Miller  :  Leonora  = 
Miss  Raftor:  Aunt  =  Mrs.  Shireburn: — rest  as 
before.  F. 

11.  Cselia,  or  the  Perjured  Lover.  Wronglove  = 
W.  Mills  :  Lovemore  (father  to  Caelia)  =  Bridgewater: 
Mean  well  (his  steward)  =  Mills  :  Bellamy  (formerly 
in  love  with  Crelia)  =  Hallam  :  Gentleman  =  Berry  : 
Constable  =  Harper  :  Caelia  =  Mrs.  Gibber  :  Mrs. 
Lupine  =  Mrs.  Charke  :  Lupine's  women  =  Mrs. 

Shireburn,  &c Wronglove  is    a    libertine    with 

regard  to  women — he  had  debauched  Crelia,  and 
taken  her  from  her  father's  house — her  mother  had 
died  of  grief — at  the  opening  of  the  play,  Wronglove 
had  become  tired  of  Civlia — she  presses  him  to  per- 


36-i  D.  L.   1732-1733. 

form  his  promise  of  marriage — as  she  is  pregnant, 
he  places  her  under  the  care  of  Mrs.  Lupine,  who 
is,  as  he  says,  a  midwife,  but  who  really  keeps  a 
house  of  entertainment — Bellamy  remonstrates  with 
Wronglove  on  his  behaviour  to  Cselia — Wronglove 
treats  the  matter  with  levity— Caelia  is  disgusted 
with  the  manners  of  Mrs.  Lupine  and  her  family — 
Mrs.  Lupine  gives  her  a  letter  from  Wronglove,  in 
which  he  says,  that  he  is  going  to  be  married  to  a 
lady  of  large  fortune — Cselia  is  shocked  at  his  cruelty 
— and  reproaches  herself  for  her  own  folly  in  trusting 
him — Meanwell  brings  her  a  kind  letter  from  her 
father — she  faints — on  her  recovery,  she  requests 
Meanwell  to  remove  her  to  a  creditable  lodging — he 
promises  to  do  so — in  the  mean  time  Mrs.  Lupine 
and  all  her  family  are  taken  into  custody — Ceelia  is 
is  carried  off  with  them — Wronglove  enters  dressed 
as  a  bridegroom — Bellamy  reproaches  him  in  strong 
terms — Wronglove  strikes  Bellamy — they  are  going 
to  fight,  but  are  prevented — Cselia  is  discovered  in 
the  prison — Meanwell  comes  to  her — and  then  her 
father — they  do  their  best  to  console  her — a  Gentle- 
man relates  the  result  of  a  duel  between  Wronglove 
and  Bellamy — Wronglove  was  killed,  but  before  he 
died,  he  exculpated  Bellamy;  and  earnestly  implored 
his  father  to  consider  Cselia  as  his  wife — Cselia  dies 

of  a  broken  heart this  play  has  singular  merit — 

it  will  afford  great  pleasure  to  any  one,  who  is  a 
lover  of  simplicity  and  true  pathos — it  was  acted 
but  twice,  as  the  audience  took  offence  at  Mother 
Lupine  and  her  family — Charles  Johnson  says  in  his 
advertisement  "  however  necessary  it  was  to  show 
"  the  manners  of  these  people,  in  order  to  raise  the 


D.  L.  1732-1733.  365 

"  distress  of  Cselia  ;  yet  I  took  care  that  nothing 
"  indecent  should  be  said" — Booth  advised  him  to 
alter  his  play  as  to  the  Comic  characters,  and  to 

wait  till  another  season the  Epilogue  written  by 

Fielding  and  spoken  by  Miss  Raftor,  is  good  in  itself, 
but  it  absurdly  turns  the  distress  of  Cselia  into 
ridicule. 

"  Lud !  what  a  fuss  is  here  I  what  blood  and 

"  slaughter ! 
"  Because  poor  Miss  has  prov'd  her  mother's 

*'  daughter. 

"  This  unknown  Bard  is  some  insipid  beast, 
"  From  Cornwell  or  Northumberland  at  least ; 
"  Where  if  a  Virgin  chance  to  step  aside, 
"  And  taste  forbidden  sweetmeats  of  a  bride, 
"  The  virtuous  Ladies,  like  infection,  fly  her, 
"  And  not  one  marrying  booby  will  come  nigh 

"  her. 

"  Here  Miss  may  take  great  liberties  upon  her, 
"  And  have  her  Man,  and  yet  may  keep  her 

"  Honour,"  &c. 

12.  Cselia — seemingly  for  the  last  time. 

This  was  C.  Johnson's  last  play,  and  by  far  his 
best — he  was  in  general  a  plagiary — without  acknow- 
ledging his  obligations  to  others — and  without  pre- 
tending to  have  only  borrowed  a  hint,  when  he  had 
borrowed  a  great  deal — on  the  whole  his  dramatic 
writings  do  him  credit — he  wrote  or  altered  19 
pieces. 

13.  Henry  8th.     The   Manuscript  in   the   B.  M. 
takes  no  notice  of  Mrs.   Porter's  accident,   and  of 
her  consequent  absence  from  the  stage it  states 


366  D.  L.  1732-1733. 

that  she  acted  Queen  Katharine  on  this  night,  and 
on  March  26th — which  is  clearly  wrong — Mrs.  Hor- 
ton  succeeded  Mrs.  Porter  in  Queen  Katharine. 

16-18-and  19-  Beggar's  Opera — no  characters. 

20.  Orphan.     Chaplain  =  Gibber  : — probably  Jun. 

These  bills  are  from  the  B.  M.,  with  some  from 
Mr.  Field — the  Compiler  of  the  bills  in  the  British 
Museum  has  sometimes  copied  them  with  great 
apparent  exactness,  but  in  this  season  he  has  been 
sadly  careless. 

Jan.  1.  Don  John,  with  Cephalus  and  Procris. 
Procris^Miss  Raftor  : — this  was  a  dramatic  Masque 
with  a  Pantomime  Interlude — it  is  printed,  but  with- 
out the  names  of  the  performers. 

2.  Rule  a  Wife.     Estifania  =  Mrs.  Heron  :    Mar- 
garita =  Mrs.  Horton. 

3.  Provoked   Wife.      Sir  John  Brute  =  Gibber: 
Constant  =  Mills  :    Heartfree  =  W.   Mills  :    Lady 
Brute  =  Mrs.   Heron:    Lady   Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Hor- 
ton:   Belinda  =  Mrs.   Booth:    Mademoiselle  =  Mrs. 
Charke. 

5  and  8.  Hamlet.  Hamlet  =  Mills  :  Ghost  = 
Bridgewater  :  King  =  W.  Mills  :  Poloni us  =  Griffin  : 
1st  Gravedigger  =  Johnson  :  Queen  —  Mrs.  Butler: 
Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Booth  : — Mills  seems  to  have  played 
Hamlet  for  the  1st  time  Nov.  11 — the  Gentleman's 
Magazine  says,  those  who  had  seen  him  in  Horatio 
could  not  relish  him  in  Hamlet. 

Several  performers  have  continued  to  play  Ham- 
let to  a  late  period  of  life,  but  Mills  is  perhaps  the 
only  actor  who  played  the  part  for  the  1st  time  at 

the  age  of  50  or  60 a  too  great  diffidence  in  his 

own  abilities  was  certainly  not  Mills'  failing — he 


D.  L.   1732-1733.  367 

seems  to  have  seized  on  almost  every  capital  part 
that  was  within  his  reach,  whether  suited  to  his  line 
of  acting  or  not — according  to  all  accounts  of  him 
he  was  very  unfit  for  Falstaff — Othello — Lear — 
Macbeth  and  Orestes. 

9.  Double  Gallant.     Atall  =  Gibber  :  Sir  Solomon 
Sadlife  =  Johnson  :    Lady   Sadlife  =  Mrs.   Heron  : 
Lady    Dainty  =  Mrs.    Horton  :    Clarinda  -  Mrs. 
Charke. 

10.  Distressed  Mother.      Orestes  =  Mills  :    Pyrr- 
hus^W.  Mills  ;  Andromache  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Her- 
mione  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

12.  Carey's  bt.   Love  for   Love.      Ben  =  Miller: 
Tattle  =  Gibber : — with  Contrivances.      Arethusa  = 
Miss  Raftor. 

13.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Clodio  =  Gibber :    Don 
Cholerick  =  Miller  :  Louisa  =  Mrs.   Horton:    Elvira 
=  Mrs.  Butler. 

16.  Strategem.     Archer  =  Bridge  water  :  Aimwell 
=  Mills:  Scrub  =  Griffin  :  Foigard  =  Miller  :  Sullen 
=  Harper :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

17.  Rehearsal.     Bay es  =  Gibber. 

19.  Alchemist.      Abel   Drugger  •=.  Gibber  Jun.  : 
Face  —  Mills  :   Subtle  =  Gibber :  Ananias  —  Johnson  : 
Tribulation  =  Griffin  :   Sir  Epicure  Mammon  =  Har- 
per :  Dol  Common  =  Mrs.  Mullart :  with  a  new  Tragi- 
Comi-Farcical-Ballad  Opera,  called  Wat  Tyler,  or 
the   State-menders.     Wat  Tyler  =  Johnson  :    Jack 
Straw  =  Miller  :    Hod  =  Harper :    Ball  =  Griffin  : 
Cicely  =  Miss  Raftor:  not  acted  again. 

20.  Indian  Emperour.     Montez uma  =  Mills :  Cor- 
tez  —  Bridgewater  :  Almeria  =  Mrs.  Butler:  Alibech 
=  Mrs.  Horton  :  Cydaria  =  Miss  Raftor. 


368  D.  L.  1732-1733. 

22.  Committee.     Teague  =  Miller:    Obediah  = 
Johnson:  Day  =  Griffin:  Mrs.  Day  =  Mrs.  Mull  art : 
Ruth  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Arbella  =  Mrs.  Butler :  Mrs. 
Chat  =  Mrs.  Willis. 

23.  Man  of  the  Mode.     Harriet  =  Mrs.  Horton: 
Belinda  =  Miss  Raftor. 

25.  By  their  Majesties  Command — For  the  bt.  of 
Mrs.  Porter — Unhappy  Favourite.  Essex  =  Mills  : 
Southampton  =  W.  Mills  :  Queen  Elizabeth  ;=  Mrs. 
Porter,  being  the  first  time  of  her  appearing  on  the 
stage  these  2  years  :  Rutland  =  Mrs.  Horton  : — N.  B. 
Servants  will  be  allowed  to  keep  places  on  the  stage, 
and  Ladies  are  desired  to  send  them  by  3  o'clock- 
there  was  an  advertisement  from  Mrs.  Porter  to  re- 
turn thanks  for  the  honour,  benevolence  and  indul- 
gence shown  to  her  at  her  benefit. 

27.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier  =  W.  Mills  :  Pierre 
=  Mills  :  Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

29.  Never  acted,  Boarding  School  Romps,  or  the 
Sham  Captain.  Ned  Brag  =  Berry :  Zachary  Brag  = 
Shepherd :  Alderman  Nincompoop  =  Griffin  :  Coupee 
=  Gates  :  Warble  =  Stopelear  :  Lady  Termagant  — 
Mr.  Harper  :  Miss  Jenny  =  Miss  Raftor  :  Miss  Mol- 
ly —  Mrs.  Charke  : — this  is  a  ballad  Farce  in  2  acts  by 
Coffey  ;  it  is  taken  from  Love  for  Money,  or  the 
Boarding  School— see  T.  R.  1691. 

31.  Mrs.  Porter  acted  Queen  Elizabeth  —  her 
second  appearance  for  2  years. 

Feb.  5.  Henry  8th.  King  =  Harper :  Wolsey  — 
Gibber :  Buckingham  =  Bridgewater  :  Cranmer  = 
Mills  :  Suriy  —  Gibber  Jun. :  Gardiner  =  Johnson  : 
Lord  Sands  =  Griffin  :  Anne  Bullen  =  Mrs.  Butler : 


D.  L.   1732-1733.  369 

Queen  Katharine  =  Mrs.  Porter,  being  the  last  time 
of  her  acting  this  season. 

6.  Old  Batchelor.  Sir  Joseph  Wittol  =  Miller  : 
Lsetitia  =  Mrs.  Heron: — rest  as  before — with  a  new 
Pantomime  Entertainment,  called  the  Judgment  of 
Paris.  II elen= Mrs.  Booth  :  Thalia  =  Miss  Raftor: 
— she  acted  the  Grace,  not  the  Muse — Hesiod,  in  his 
Generation  of  the  Gods,  1.  909  makes  the  middle  syl- 
lable of  Thalia,  the  Grace,  short. 

8.  Strategem.     Cherry  =  Miss  Holiday,  her   1st 
appearance  there. 

12.  Richard  the  3d  —  Gibber  : — no  other  character 
in  the  bill. 

17.  Never  acted,  Miser.    Lovegold  =  Griffin  :  Fre- 
derick =  Bridgewater :  Clermont  =  W.  Mills :  Ra- 
mi]ie=Cibber  Jun. :  Lappet  =  Miss  Raftor  :  Mari- 
ana =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Butler :  —this  C. 
is  the  only  one  of  Fielding's  plays,  which  still  keeps 
possession  of  the  Stage— it  is  taken  from  Moliere,  who- 
boiTOwed  the  principal  character  from  the  Aulularia 
of  Plautus — Fielding  has  improved  the  Catastrophe, 
and  the  characters  of  Lappet  and  Mariana  are  better 
than  the  corresponding  ones  in  Moliere,  or  in  Shad- 
well's  Miser ;  but  this  C.  rather  wants  incident ;  a 
fault  which  Shadwell  avoids  by  means  of  an  Under- 
plot— Victor  says  "  Griffin  remained  little  noticed 
"  till  this  play  came  out,  in  which  he  showed  great 
"  abilities,  and  met  with  general  approbation" — this 
is  hardly  correct  —  Griffin  had  played  several  good 
parts  before  the  Miser. 

22.  For  the  bt.   of  the  late   Mr.  Wilks'  Widow. 
Scornful  Lady.   Elder  Loveless  =  W.  Mills:  Younger 

VOL.111.  BB 


370  D.  L.  1732-1733. 

Loveless  =  A.  Hallam  :  Savil  =  Johnson  :  Welfort  = 
Bridgevvater  :  Sir  Roger  =.  Gibber :  Widow  —  Mrs. 
Butler:  Abigail  =  Mrs.  Willis  :  Martha=Miss  Holi- 
day :  Scornful  Lady  =  Mrs.  Heron: — the  play  was 
acted  by  their  Majesties  Command — Boxes  on  the 
stage,  and  part  of  the  pit  turned  into  boxes. 

26.  For  bt.  of  Cibber  Sen.  Provoked  Wife  and 
Mock  Doctor.  Cibber  had  perhaps  sold  his  share  in 
the  Patent — it  does  not  appear  from  the  bills,  that 
Wilks,  Cibber  and  Booth  took  any  benefits,  after  they 
became  Patentees. 

March  5.  For  bt.  of  Mills.  Careless  Husband. 
Lord  Foppington  —  Cibber  Jun. :  Sir  Charles  Easy 
=  W.  Mills :  Lord  Morelove  -  Mills:  Lady  Betty 
Modish  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Lady  Easy  =  Mrs.  Booth  : 
Lady  Graveairs= Mrs.  Horton :  Edging=MissRaftor. 

8.  Mrs.  Booth's  bt.  Albion  Queens.  Queen  Eliza- 
beth =  Mrs.  Porter  :  Queen  Mary  =  Mrs.  Heron  : 
Douglas  =  Mrs.  Booth. 

10.  Miller's  bt.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Carlos  =  A. 
Hallam  : — he  acted  the  part  so  as  for  Wilks  not  to  be 
missed  in  it ;  he  was  like  Wilks  in  look  and  manner. 
(  Gentleman  s  Magazine.) 

12.  Mrs.  Horton's  bt.  Relapse.  Lord  Fopp ing- 
ton  =  Cibber  Jun.  :  Loveless  =  A.  Hallam  :  Berinthia 
=  Mrs.  Horton:  Amanda  — Mrs.  Heron:  Miss  Hoy- 
den —  Mrs.  Charke. 

28.  For  bt.  of  Cibber  Jun.  Constant  Couple.  Sir 
Harry  Wildair  (by  desire)  attempted  by  Cibber  Jun.  : 
Standard  =  Mills :  Smuggler  —  Johnson  :  Clincher 
Sen.  =  Miller:  Lady  Lurewell  =  Mrs.  Horton:  with 
(never  acted)  Mock  Officer — Miller  —  Harper— 
Griffin,  &c. 


D.  L.   1732-1733.  .371 

29.  Mrs.  Heron's  bt.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord 
Townly  =  W.  Mills  :  Sir  Francis  Wronghead  =  Gib- 
ber, his  1st  appearance  since  his  late  indisposition  : 
Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Miss  Jenny  =  Miss 
Raftor. 

31.  By  particular  desire — Albion  Queens.  Queen 
Elizabeth  =  Mrs.  Porter: — with  (1st time)  Harlot's 
Progress. 

April  4.  Griffin's  bt.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young 
Bevil  =  W.  Mills  :  Tom  =  Cibber  :  Myrtle  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Ci mbertonn Griffin  :  Indiana  =  Mrs.  Booth: 
Phillis  =  Miss  Raftor. 

6.  Miss  Raftor 's  bt.  Miser.  James  =  Miller : — with 
(never  performed)  Deborah,  or  a  Wife  for  you  all— 
written  by  the  author  of  the  Miser — Justice  Mittimus 
=  Griffin  :  Lawyer  Trouble  =  Johnson  :  Alexander 
Whittle  =  Miller :  Deborah  =  Miss  Raftor  : — acted 
but  once. 

7 .  Harlot's  Progress.  Beau  Mordecai  —  Stoppelear : 
Miss  Kitty  =  Miss  Raftor. 

9.  For  bt,  of  W.  Mills  and  Mrs.  Mills.  Busy 
Body.  Mar  plot = Miller:  Sir  Francis  Gripe = Griffin: 
Sir  George  Airy  =  W.  Mills :  Miranda  =  Mrs.  Booth  : 
Patch  =  Mrs.  Mullart. 

1 1 .  Bridgewater's  bt.  Rover.  Wilmore  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Ned  Blunt  =  Johnson :  Hellena  =  Mrs.  Booth : 
Angel  Jica=:Hor  ton  :  with  a  ballad  Opera  (never  per- 
formed) called  the  Imaginary  Cuckold — taken  from 
Moliere. 

13.  Mrs.  Butler's  bt.  Jane  Shore.  Hastings  = 
W.  Mills  :  Dumont  =  Bridgewater :  Gloster  =  Cibber 
Jun. :  Jane  Shore  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Alicia  =  Mrs. 
Charkc. 

B  B    2 


372  D.  L.   1732-1733. 

18.  Shepherd's  bt.     Timon  of  Athens.     Tirnon  = 
Mills:  Evandra  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

19.  Miss  Holiday's  bt.     Country  Wife.     Horner 
=  Bridgewater  :  Pinchwife  =  W.  Mills  :    Sparkish  = 
Gibber  Jun.  :  Sir  Jasper  Fidget  =  Griffin  :  Country 
Wife  =  Miss  Holiday :  Lady  Fidget  =  Mrs.  Horton  : 
— with  Imaginary  Cuckold.  Fancifull  =  Berry :  Mean- 
well  =  Jones  :  Lelius  =  Stoppelear  :  Snap  =  Mullart : 
Mrs.  Fancifull =Miss  Raftor :  Cselia=Miss  Atherton : 
Isabella  =  Mrs.  Mullart. 

24.  Love  for  Love.  Tattle  —  Gibber  Jun.  :  Miss 
Prue  =  Miss  Raftor. 

30.  For  bt.  of  A.  Hallarn  and  Mrs.  Walter.  King 
Lear.  Lear  —  Mills  :  Edgar  =  A.  Hallam  :  Gentle- 
man Usher  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Booth  : 
— with  a  ballad  Opera  (never  performed)  called  the 
Mock  Countess— see  C.  G.  Nov.  11  1734. 

May  5.  For  bt.  of  Roberts  and  Jones.  Theodo- 
sius.  Athanais  =  Mrs.  Horton  : — with  (never  per- 
formed) the  Liveiy  Rake,  or  the  Intriguing  Servants. 
Tom  (the  footman)  =  Berry  :  Toby  (the  innkeeper) 
=  Jones :  Harry  =  Ridout :  Phillis  (the  Country  Girl) 
=  Miss  Raftor :  Phillis  (the  Chambermaid)  =  Mrs. 
Mullart :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Shireburn  :  Dorcas  =  Mrs. 
Herle  : — Tom  is  the  Livery  Rake — he  had  been  inti- 
mate with  Phillis  the  Chambermaid — he  deserts  her, 
and  is  on  the  point  of  marrying  Phillis  the  Country 
Girl — Phillis  the  Chambermaid  contrives  to  get  her- 
self married  to  Tom — this  Opera  in  one  act  is 
attributed  to  Philips — it  is  a  pleasing  trifle — Miss 
Norris,  the  Grandaughter  of  Jubilee  Dicky,  spoke  an 
Epilogue. 

7.  Mrs.  Charke's  bt.    Henry  4th  part  2d.    Falstaff 


D.L.   1732-1733.  373 

=  Harper  :  King  =  Mills  :  Prince  of  Wales  =»  \V. 
Mills :  Shallow  -  Cibber  :  Pistol  =  Gibber  Jun.  : 
Silencer: Miller:  Feeble = Griffin: — with  a  Pastoral  of 
2  acts  (never  performed)  called  Damon  and  Daphne. 
Damon  =  Mrs.  Charke  :  Cornus  =  Roberts  :  ^Egeon 
=  Ridout:  Phaon  =  Berry  :  Thirsis  =  Raftor :  Satyr 
=  Jones  :  Amor  =  Mrs.  Mullart :  Daphne  =  Mrs. 
Grace  :  Venus  =  Miss  Raftor :  Hymen  =  Stoppelear : 
Cupid  —  Young  Cunningham. 

14.  Amorous  Widow.     Barnaby  Brittle  =  Griffin  : 
Clodpole  =  Miller :  Merryman^ Harper:  Mrs.  Brittle 
=  Mrs.  Heron  : — with  Mock  Countess  2d  time — no 
characters. 

15.  Orphan.     Monimia  —  Mrs.  Horton:  Serina  = 
Miss  Raftor. 

21.  A  new  Masque  called  Venus,  Cupid  and 
Hymen  —  this  Masque  was  probably  taken  from 
Damon  and  Daphne — the  characters  are  the  same. 

29.  Tempest.     Hypolito  —  Mrs.  Charke :  Dorinda 
=  Miss  Raftor. 

30.  By  desire — Cibber  acted  Bayes. 

31.  Miser,  26th  time,  and  Harlot's  Progress,  about 
19th  time — No  more  bills.     (From  my  own  Bills.) 

It  has  been  mentioned  that  Mr.  Highmore  exposed 
himself  by  playing  Lothario  and  some  other  charac- 
ters— Booth  who  was  a  man  of  quick  penetration 
soon  fixed  his  eye  upon  this  gentleman  for  a  purchaser 
of  his  share  in  the  new  Patent ;  Victor,  who  was  in- 
timate with  both  parties,  was  desired  by  Booth  to 
make  the  proposal  to  Highmore,  who  as  soon  as  he 
heard  it  replied  "  ah,  ah  !  and  have  they  thought  of 
"  it  at  last  ?  I  really  expected  to  have  heard  from 
"  some  of  them  on  this  subject."  Highmoro  paid 


374  D.  L.  1732-1733. 

Booth  £2500  for  half  his  share,  stipulating  however 
for  all  the  power  in  the  management  of  the  theatre 
to  which  Booth  was  entitled — fortunately  for  Booth 
this  was  the  first  sale  that  had  been  offered,  and  it 
was  owing  to  that  circumstance  alone  that  so  extra- 
vagant a  price  was  given — this  transaction  seems  to 
have  taken  place  about  the  beginning  of  the  season 
1732-1 733  —when  it  was  publickly  known,  Gibber 
seemed  greatly  hurt  at  the  thoughts  of  meeting  Mr. 
Highmore  and  Mr.  Ellis  (whom  Mrs.  Wilks  had  ap- 
pointed to  act  for  her)  in  the  office  of  Managers,  and 
said  to  avoid  the  importance  of  the  one  and  the  igno- 
rance of  the  other,  he  would  have  his  deputy  too  :  he 
accordingly  appointed  his  son  Theophilus  to  act  for 
him,  who  wanted  nothing  but  power  to  be  as  trouble- 
some as  any  young  man  living  :  however  by  his  great 
activity  and  superiour  knowledge  in  the  business,  he 
got  up  a  new  Pantomime  called  the  Harlot's  Progress 
(a  story  just  then  invented  and  made  popular  by  that 
great  Genius  Hogarth)  which  was  much  approved 
and  brought  a  great  deal  of  money  to  the  theatre— 
by  these  means  Highmore  was  a  gainer  at  the  close 
of  the  season  ;  but  that  profit,  and  the  disgust  he 
conceived  at  the  behaviour  of  young  Gibber,  deter- 
mined him  to  treat  with  the  father  for  his  share  in 
the  Patent — the  bargain  was  completed  and  High- 
more  paid  Gibber  3000  Guineas  for  his  whole  share 
-  Victor  says  this  was  at  the  beginning  of  the  season 
in  1733  ;  which  is  not  correct,  as  the  London  Maga- 
zine for  June  speaks  of  Gibber  as  having  lately  sold 
his  share  in  the  Patent. 

Booth  died  in  May — Theo.  Gibber  says  he  left 
behind  him  a  very  large  fortune,  part  of  which  was 


D.L.  1732-1733.  375 

an  estate  known  by  the  names  of  Barton,  Booth, 
and  Cowley  Streets — every  one  who  has  been  edu- 
cated at  Westminster  knows  Barton  and  Cowley 
Streets  ;  but  a  Gentleman  who  lived  several  years  in 
Cowley  Street  knows  nothing  of  Booth  Street. 

Mrs.  Hester  Booth  in  all  probability  did  not  a6t 
after  this  season — she  seems  to  have  been  a  pleasing 
actress  with  no  great  powers — Theo.  Gibber  speaking 
of  her  as  Mrs.  Santlow  says — "  She  was  a  beautiful 
"  woman,  lovely  in  her  countenance,  delicate  in  her 
"  form,  a  pleasing  actress,  and  a  most  admirable 
"  dancer ;  generally  allowed,  in  the  last  mentioned 
"  part  of  her  profession,  to  have  been  superiour  to 
"  all  who  had  been  seen  before  her,  and  perhaps  she 
"  has  not  been  since  excelled." 

Mrs.  Gibber  died  in  Jan. — (London  Magazine)- 
she  was  a  rising  genius,  and  likely  to  have  proved  a 
good  actress,  if  she  had  lived.     (C/ietwood.) 

Gibber  concludes  his  Apology  in  a  hasty  manner, 
without  mentioning  the  precise  time  when  he  left  the 
stage,  or  sold  his  interest  in  the  theatre — he  seems 
to  have  been  engaged  as  an  actor  at  12  Guineas  per 
week  (Gent's  Mag.}—  this  however  lasted  but  a  short 
time. 

Gibber  had  been  on  the  stage  more  than  40  years 
—the  author  of  the  Laureat  says — *'  he  was  in  sta- 
"  ture  of  the  middle  size,  his  complexion  fair,  in- 
"  clinable  to  the  sandy,  his  legs  somewhat  of  the 
"  thickest,  his  shape  a  little  clumsy,  not  irregular, 
"  and  his  voice  rather  shrill  than  loud  or  articulate, 
"  and  cracked  extremely  when  he  endeavoured  to 
"  raise  it :  he  was  in  his  younger  days  so  lean,  as  to 
"  be  known  by  the  name  of  Hatchet  Face  " — see 


376  D.  L.  1732-1733. 

Epilogue  to  Lady's  last  Stake — the  Gentleman's 
Magazine  says — "  his  shape  was  finely  proportioned, 
"  yet  not  graceful,  easy,  but  not  striking  ;  when  he 
"  represented  a  ridiculous  humour  he  had  a  mouth 
"  in  every  nerve,  and  became  eloquent  without  speak- 
"  ing  :  his  attitudes  were  pointed  and  exquisite ;  his 
"  expression  was  stronger  than  painting  :  he  was 
"  beautifully  absorbed  by  the  character,  and  demanded 
"  and  monopolized  attention :  his  very  extravagancies 
"  were  coloured  with  propriety." 

Gibber  speaking  of  himself  soon  after  he  came  on 
the  stage  says,  "  the  first  thing  that  enters  into  the 
"  head  of  a  young  actor  is  the  desire  of  being  a  hero ; 
"  in  which  ambition  I  was  soon  snubbed  by  the  in- 
"  sufficiency  of  my  voice,  and  my  dismal  pale  com- 
"  plexion,  so  that  I  had  but  a  melancholy  prospect  of 
"  ever  playing  a  lover  to  Mrs.  Bracegirdle :  what 
"  was  most  promising  in  me  was  the  aptness  of  my 
"  ear,  for  1  was  soon  allowed  to  speak  justly,  tho' 
"  what  was  grave  and  serious  did  not  equally  become 
"  me  "-—all  through  his  Apology  he  speaks  modestly 
of  his  own  acting  :  he  mentions,  with  some  degree 
of  complacency,  his  performance  of  Wolsey — Fondle- 
wife — Sir  Fopling  Flutter — lago— Syphax — Richard 
the  3d — B ayes— Sir  Courtly  Nice — -ZEsop — Shallow 
and  Lord  Foppington  :  and  this  surely  was  no  more 
than  he  might  do  without  censure. 

Davies  says  he  excelled  in  a  variety  of  Comic  cha- 
racters, but  his  perfection  of  acting  was  the  coxcomb 
of  quality,  and  especially  Lord  Foppington  in  the 
Careless  Husband  ;  as  the  fashions  of  the  times 
altered,  he  adjusted  his  action  and  behaviour  to  them 
and  introduced  every  species  of  growing  foppery — 


D.L.  1732-1733.  377 

Davies  commends  iiis  Sir  John  Brute— (see  C.  G. 
April  20  1749) — and  especially  his  Justice  Shallow, 

hut  reprobates   his   Wolsey   and   lago Gibber 

played  many  parts  in  Tragedy,  but  seems  to  have 
failed  in  that  line  of  acting  ;  the  Gentleman's  Maga- 
zine says,  Quin  was  sometimes  wrong  in  his  Tragic 
parts,  Gibber  was  always  so. 

Foote  used  to  say  of  Garrick — "  yes,  the  hound 
"  has  something  clever,  but  if  his  excellence  was  to 
"  be  examined,  he  would  not  be  found  in  any  part 
"  equal  to  Colley  Gibber's  Sir  John  Brute,  Lord 
"  Foppington,  Sir  Courtly  Nice,  or  Justice  Shallow" 
— (Wilkinson) — tho'  this  was  evidently  said  with  a 
view  to  depreciate  Garrick,  yet  it  is  still  ,a  proof  of 
the  high  opinion  Foote  had  of  Gibber  in  these  cha- 
racters. 

Davies  says  that  when  Gibber  played  Shallow  after 
his  return  to  the  stage,  the  audience  were  quite  de- 
lighted with  seeing  him  again  and  in  one  of  his  best 
parts  :  his  transition  from  asking  the  price  of  ewes, 
to  trite  but  grave  reflections  on  mortality,  was  so 
natural  and  attended  with  such  an  unmeaning  roll 
of  his  small  pigs-eyes,  that  perhaps  no  actor  was  ever 
superiour  in  the  conception  and  execution  of  such 
solemn  insignificany — Davies  adds — "  On  Dogget's 
"  leaving  the  stage,  the  part  had  been  given  to  John- 
"  son,  but  on  Johnson's  being  ill,  Gibber  made  him- 
"  self  master  of  it,  and  performed  it  so  much  to  the 
"  satisfaction  of  the  public,  that  he  retained  it  as 
"  long  as  he  continued  on  the  stage  :  on  his  retiring 
"  Johnson  resumed  the  part  when  he  was  between 
"  70  and  80  :  but  tho'  he  was  chaste  in  his  colouring 
"  and  correct  in  his  drawing,  he  wanted  the  high 


378  D.  L.    1732-1733. 

"  finishing  and  warm  tints  of  Gibber — whether  John- 
"  son  considered  his  being  deprived  of  Shallow  for 
"  almost  20  years,  as  a  Manager's  trick,  or  dishonest 
"  maoeuvre  of  Gibber,  is  not  known ;  but  the  old 
"  man  never  spoke  of  him  with  any  complacency." 
Betterton  brought  out  his  alteration  of  the  2d 
part  of  Henry  4th  about  1701 — Johnson  belonged  to 
the  other  theatre— as  Betterton  did  not  publish  his 
alteration,  it  is  highly  improbable  that  it  should  have 
been  acted  at  D.  L.  before  the  re-union  of  the  two 

companies  in  1708 when  it  was  revived  at  D.  L. 

in  1720,  it  was  said  in  the  bill  not  to  have  been  acted 
for  17  years — it  seems  therefore  impossible  to  assign 
any  time  at  which  Johnson  could  have  played  Shal- 
low before  Gibber Johnson  might  possibly  be 

offended  at  Gibber  for  resuming  the  part  on  his 
return  to  the  stage — that  Dogget  played  Shallow, 
when  Betterton  brought  out  his  alteration,  is  ex- 
tremely probable,  but  as  the  play  was  not  printed  till 
1720,  one  would  like  to  know  on  what  authority 
Davies  affirmed  the  fact. 


Gibber's  characters. 

T.  R.  1691.  *Sir  Gentle's  Servant  in  Sir  Anthony 
Love — *Sigismond  (17  lines)  in  Alphonso  King  of 
Naples  —  *Pyrrot  (9  lines)  in  Bussy  D'Ambois 
altered. 

1692.  *Albimer  in  Rape — *  Splutter  in  Marriage- 
Hater — in  the  D.  P.  he  is  called  Mr.  Colly — Pisano 
in  Traytor. 

1693.  *Aminadab  in  Very  Good  Wife. 


D.  L.   1732-1733.  379 

1G94.  *  Perez  and  *Duke  in  Don  Quixote  1st  and 
2d  pt. 

1695.  Fondlewife — Pharamond  in  Philaster. 

D.  L.  1696.  *Sir  Novelty  Fashion — *  Smyrna  in 
Lost  Lover — *Artabazus  in  Pausanias — *  Lorenzo  in 
Agnes  de  Castro. 

1697-  *Praiseall  in  Female  Wits — *  Longville  in 
Woman's  Wit  —  *Lord  Foppington  in  Relapse — 
*Antonio  in  Triumphs  of  Virtue — *Bull  Junior  in 
Plot  and  no  Plot — *^Esop — Demetrius  in  Humour- 
ous Lieutenant. 

1698.  *Marqui  Bertran  in  Campaigners — *Bond 
in  Imposture  Defeated. 

1699.  *Ulysses  and  *Calchas  in  Achilles. 

1700.  *  Mad  Englishman  and  *  Stuttering  Cook  in 
Pilgrim  altered— *Parmenio  in  Grove — *  Richard  3d 
as  mangled  by  himself. 

1701.  *Clodio  in  Love  makes  a   Man — *Mons. 
Marquis  in  Sir  Harry  Wildair — *Crab  in  the  Bath. 

1702.  *Malespine  in  Generous  Conqueror — *Lord 
Hardy  in  Funeral — *Don  John  in  False  Friend— 
*Lord  Promise  in  Modish  Husband — *  School  Boy 

-  *Don  Manuel  in  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not — 
*Younger  Wou'dbee  in  Twin  Rivals. 

1703.  *Springlove  in  Fair  Example — *lst  Alder- 
man's Lady  in  City  Customs. 

1703-1704.  Sir  Courtly  Nice— *Latine  in  Lying 
Lover. 

1704-1705.  *Lord  Foppington  in  Careless  Hus- 
band— Howdee  in  Northern  Lass — *Dr.  Refugee  in 
Quacks  —  Wimble  in  Squire  Trelooby  —  seemingly 
at  L.  I.  F. 

1705-1706.    *Larnpoon   in    Hampstead    Heath  — 


380  D.  L.  1732-1733. 

*Pacuvius  in  Perollo  and  Izadora — *Capt.    Brazen 
in  R.  O. 

Hay.  1706-1707.  Sir  Fopling  Flutter  in  Man  of 
the  Mode — *  Sharper  in  Platonic  Lady — Corvino  in 
Volpone — Humphry  Gubbin  in  Tender  Husband- 
Sir  John  Daw  in  Silent  Woman — *  Celadon  in  Comi- 
cal Lovers — Surry  in  Henry  8th — Chaplain  in  Orphan 
— *Gibbet  in  Beaux'  Strategem — Renault  in  V.  P. 

1707-1708.  Rabby  Busy  in  Bartholemew  Fair— 
*Atall  in  Double  Gallant — Worcester  in  Henry  4-th 
— *Lord  George  Brilliant  in  Lady's  last  Stake — Hil- 
liard  in  Jovial  Crew. 

D.  L.  1708.  Osrick — Ben  in  Love  for  Love — Sir 
Roger  in  Scornful  Lady — Trim  in  Bury  Fair- 
Young  Reveller  in  Greenwich  Park — Frederick  in 
Rover. 

1708-1709.  Gloster  in  King  Lear— Tiresias  in 
CEdipus — Glendower  in  Henry  4th — *Nicknack  in 
Fine  Lady's  Airs— Prince  Volscius  in  Rehearsal— 
Cranmer  in  Henry  8th — Subtle  in  Alchemist— Count 
Cogdie  in  Gamester — lago — Sparkish  in  Country 
Wife. 

Hay.  1709-1710.  Tattle— Burleigh  in  Unhappy 
Favourite — *Manage  in  Man's  Bewitched. 

D.  L.  1710-1711.  Kick  in  Epsom  Wells— *Capt. 
Cruise  in  Injured  Love. 

1711-1712.  Riot  in  Wife's  Relief— Wolsey  in 
Virtue  Betrayed. 

1712-1713.  *Major  Outside  in  Humours  of  the 
Army — *  Syphax. 

1713-1714.  *Gloster  in  Jane  Shore. 

1714-1715,  *Bishop  of  Winchester  in  Lady  Jane 
Gray. 


D.  L.   1732-1733.  381 

1715-1716.  *Tinsel  in  Drummer. 

1716-1717'  Barnaby  Brittle  in  Amorous  Widow 
— *Plot\vell  in  Three  Hours  after  Marriage — Bayes. 

1717-1718.  *Dr.  Wolf  in  Non  Juror— Witwou'd 
-*Peter  Pirate  in  Play's  the  Plot. 

1718-1719.  Don  Alvarez  in  Ximena — not  origin- 
ally— Alexas  in  All  for  Love — *lst  and  2d  Figure 
in  Masquerade— *Alamode  in  Chit  Chat. 

1719-1720.  *Crites  in  Spartan  Dame. 

1720-1721.  Dufoy  in  Comical  Revenge — Abel  in 
Committee — Shallow  in  Henry  4th — *Wilding  in 
Refusal. 

1721-1722.  No  new  character. 

1722-1723.  *Tom  in  Conscious  Lovers — *Jaques 

in  Love  in  a  Forest,  altered  from  As  you  like  it — 

*Cardinal  Beaufort  in  Humphrey  Duke  of  Gloucester 

— *Tryphon    in    Fatal  Constancy — Novel  in  Plain 

Dealer. 

1723-1724.  Wolsey  in  Henry  8th. 

1724-1725.  *Achoreus  in  Csesar  in  ^Egypt. 

1725-1726.  Trueman  in  Twin  Rivals— Sir  John 
Brute. 

1726-1727.  *Earl  of  Late-Airs  in  Rival  Modes. 

1727-1728.  *  Sir  Francis  Wronghead— *Rattle  in 
Love  in  several  Masques. 

1728-1729.  *Philautus  in  Love  in  a  Riddle. 

1729-1730.  *Ape-all  in  Humours  of  Oxford— 
*Scipio  in  Sophonisba — hissed. 

1730-1731.  No  new  character. 

1731-1732.  *Grinly  in  Modish  Couple— *Lord 
Richly  in  Modern  Husband. 

1732-1733.  No  new  character. 

Gibber  retired  from  the  stage  at  the  close  of  this 


382  D.  L.  1732-1733. 

season — he  seems  to  have  returned  to  it  on  Oct.  31 

1734 he  played  occasionally  for  some  few  years 

and  retired  again — his  last  appearance  was  in  Feb. 
1745,  when  he  brought  out  his  Papal  Tyranny  at 
C.  G.  and  acted  *Pandulph. 

*   Originally. 


Gibber  wrote,  or  altered,  about  25  dramatic  pieces 
-*-his  Tragedies  are  almost  forgotten,  and  several  of 
his  Comedies  are  become  obsolete — he  was  a  great 
plagiary,  but  he  frequently  altered  for  the  better  what 
he  borrowed — he  fails  most  in  the  dialogue,  which  is 
often  flimsy,  and  sometimes  very  dull ;  for  this 
reason  his  bustling  Comedy  of  She  wou'd  and  She 
wou'd  not  is  perhaps  his  best  play. 

In  1721  he  published  a  superb  edition  of  his  works 
in  Quarto,  from  which  he  excluded  2  or  3  of  his 
worst  plays — another  edition  of  his  works  was 
printed  in  small  Octavo — this  edition  has  Woman's 
"Wit,  but  not  Xerxes. 

As  an  author  we  are  the  most  obliged  to  Gibber 
for  the  Apology  for  his  life,  the  dedication  of  which 
is  dated  Nov.  6  1739 — as  soon  as  it  reached  Dublin, 
Faulkner  the  Printer  sent  it  to  Swift*  who  told  him 
the  next  day,  that  Gibber's  book  had  captivated  him, 
and  that  he  sat  up  all  night  to  read  it  through — when 
Gibber  heard  this  he  was  highly  delighted — (Davies) 
— this  testimony  was  the  more  honourable  to  Gibber, 
as  Swift  was  the  intimate  friend  of  Pope — Gibber  is 
said  to  have  made  £1500  by  his  Apology.  (Laureat.} 

Gibber  had  created  himself  many  enemies,  one  of 


D.  L.    1732-1733.  383 

whom,  in  1740,  published  a  pamphlet  called  the 
Laureat,  in  which  he  reviewed  Gibber's  Apology, 
chapter  by  chapter,  with  the  last  degree  of  ill-nature 
— he  says  that  the  Apology  is  obscurely  and  imme- 
thodically  written — that  Gibber's  style  is  every  where 
embarrassed  and  sometimes  unintelligible — that  it 
abounds  in  fustian,  false  English  and  ridiculous 
flowers  of  rhetoric — all  this  is  true,  but  these  faults 
are  vastly  overbalanced  by  one  consideration — Gib- 
ber has  given  an  account  of  many  important  theatri- 
cal transactions,  of  which  without  his  book  we  should 
have  known  little  or  nothing — if  indeed  he  had  writ- 
ten a  plain,  faithful  and  orderly  account  of  the  stage, 
without  impertinent  and  trifling  digressions,  his 
Apology  would  have  been  more  useful  and  more 
entertaining  ;  but  the  author  of  the  Laureat  only 
excites  a  smile  at  his  own  expense,  when  he  tells 
Gibber,  that  old  as  he  is,  he  may  live  to  see  his 
precious  labours  become  the  vile  wrappers  of  chand- 
lery wares — Gibber's  Apology  is  still  read  by  many 
persons,  who  have  never  seen,  nor  perhaps  even 
heard  of  the  Laureat. 

To  the  Laureat  is  added — "  The  history  of  the 
"  life,  manners  and  writings  of  ^Esopus  the  Trage- 
"  dian,  from  a  fragment  of  a  Greek  Manuscript 
"  found  at  Rome  in  the  Cth  Century,  and  now  pre- 
"  served  in  the  library  of  the  Vatican  ;  interspersed 
"  with  observations  of  the  translator" — as  this  is 
said  with  a  grave  air,  and  as  there  are  several 
(pretended)  quotations  from  the  Greek  Manuscript, 
one  at  the  first  glimpse  would  suppose  that  the 
author  was  in  earnest — the  life  of  ^Esopus  however 
turns  out  to  be  the  life  of  Colley  Gibber — Sir  Richard 


384  D.  L.    1732-1733. 

Steele    is    humorously    called  the  Roman   Knight 
Censorinus  Chalibiensis. 

The  following  extract  may  serve  as  a  specimen  of 
the  exaggerated  manner  in  which  Gibber's  conduct 
is  represented. 

"  He  had  not  long  travelled  in  the  provinces,  but 
"  he  grew  weary  of  strolling,  and  ambitiously  at- 
"  tempted  to  gain  a  settlement  in  Rome  itself,  and 
"  succeeded  so  well  as  to  get  himself  inrolled  in  the 
"  lowest  class  of  those  Comedians,  who  acted  under 
"  the  direction  of  Claudius  Divitius,  (Christopher 
"  Rich)  at  the  salary  of  about  one  shilling  of  our 
"  money  a  night :  here  he  stood  the  hiss  of  the 
"  people  many  years  ;  he  never  attempted  to  open  his 
"  mouth,  but  the  whole  audience  constantly  expressed 
"  their  dislike  of  him  :  he  was  indeed  at  that  time, 
"  both  in  his  manner  and  form,  quite  disagreeable  : 
"  here  he  for  a  while  lost  the  name  of  JEsopus,  and 
"  was  called  Colleius  ;  and  I  have  frequently  seen 
"  his  name  written  thus,  to  some  little  parts  he  then 
"  acted." 

Cibber  came  to  London  when  he  was  about  18 — 
while  he  was  waiting  in  expectation  of  some  situation, 
through  the  interest  of  the  Duke  of  Devonshire,  he 
frequented  the  scenes  of  D.  L.  till  he  obtained  an 
engagement ;  there  seems  therefore  no  reason  for 
supposing  that  he  had  ever  been  in  a  strolling  com- 
pany— that  he  was  hissed  in  the  small  parts  at  first 
assigned  him,  is  probably  said  at  random the  Mar- 
riage-hater Matched  (1692)  is  the  only  play  in  which 
I  have  met  with  Gibber's  name  as  Mr.  Colly — that  it 
was  frequently  thus  written  has  every  appearance  of 
being  a  false  assertion. 


D.  L.   1732-1733.  385 

The  Laureat,  and  particularly  the  life  of  /Esopus, 
are  well  written  —  they  contain  some  theatrical 
information  —  the  vindication  of  Wilks  does  the 
author  credit — but  in  justice  to  Gibber  we  ought  to 
read  them  with  a  certain  degree  of  distrust,  as  the 
work  of  an  inveterate  enemy. 

The  author  taxes  Gibber  with  forgetting  that  Booth 
acted  Jaffier — nothing  can  be  more  certain  than  that 
Booth  did  not  play  Jaffier  at  the  time  of  which  Gib- 
ber is  speaking. 

Gibber,  in  his  Apology,  suppresses  the  name  of  his 
2d  play  (Woman's  Wit)  which  was  damned — the  au- 
thor of  the  Laureat  says — "  let  my  ill-natured  me- 
"  mory  supply  that  defect,  it  was  called  Perolla  and 
"  Izadora" — he  adds  p.  101 — "  the  Critics  who  have 
"  mentioned  it  say,  (for  there  is  not  one  tittle  of  the 
"  piece  come  down  to  its')  that  it  was  the  strangest  and 
"  most  unnatural  stuff  that  ever  was  written.  Nobody 
"  understood  tlie  story ;  nobody  ever  heard  of  the 
"  names  of  his  heroes ;  nobody  from  the  beginning 
"  to  the  end  could  conceive  wh.at  was  meant." 

Gibber  must  have  triumphed  at  the  gross  igno- 
rance of  the  subject  displayed  in  this  paragraph — as 
Woman's  Wit  and  Perolla  and  Izadora  were  both  in 
print,  the  blunder  is  inexcusable — the  assertion  about 
Perolla  and  Izadora  is  peculiarly  unfortunate — as 
that  Tragedy  is  founded  on  history,  and  the  names  of 
3  of  the  principal  characters  occur  in  the  23d  book 
of  Livy. 

It  is  particularly  worthy  of  observation,  that  the 
author  of  the  Laureat  had  not  the  wit  to  attack  Gib- 
ber in  his  most  vulnerable  part — his  shanqeful  negli- 
gence as  to  dates. 

VOL.  III.  C    C 


386  D.  L.  1732-1733. 

Gibber  succeeded  Eusden  as  Poet  Laureat  in  1730 
— it  was  said  of  Gibber — "  as  an  actor,  he  had  un- 
"  doubted  merit ;  as  a  dramatic  writer,  his  character 
"  was  both  good  and  bad ;  as  Laureat,  he  was  un- 
"  questionably  the  worst  that  ever  was"  -  his  Odes 
were  for  some  years  published  in  the  Magazines,  and 
turned  into  ridicule ;  his  new  year's  Ode  for  1736  is 
followed  by  a  Pastoral  dialogue — 

Strephon.  Colley  has  tuned  again  his  fife. 

Thyrsis.  Has  he? 'slife. 

Strephon.  Nor  is  he  yet  quite  out  of  breath. 
Thyrsis.  Not  yet  ? 'sdeath. 

Fielding  in  Pasquin,  1736,  makes  Lord  Place  pro- 
mise one  of  the  Voters  to  get  him  appointed  Poet 
Laureat. 

Voter.  Poet !  no  my  Lord,  I  am  no  Poet,  I  can't 
make  verses. 

Lord  Place.  No  matter  for  that — you'll  be  able  to 
make  Odes. 

Voter.  Odes  my  Lord  !  what  are  those  ? 

Lord  Place.  Faith,  Sir,  I  cannot  tell  well  what 
they  are  ;  but  I  know  you  may  be  qualified  for  the 
place  without  being  a  Poet. 

Cibber  himself  says  in  his  Apology  "  as  a  little  bad 
"  poetry  is  the  greatest  crime  our  most  celebrated 
"  living  author  in  his  satirical  works  lays  to  my  charge, 
"  I  am  willing  to  subscribe  to  his  opinion  of  it." 

Malone  tells  us  that  in  Dryden's  time  the  Poet 
Laureat  was  not  subjected  to  the  drudgery  of  making 
Odes. 

Cibber  in  his  letter  to  Pope  1742  says — "  In  your 
"  remarks  on  the  Dunciad  you  inform  us  that  Eusden 


D.  L.    1732-1733.  387 

"  no  sooner  died,  but  his  place  of  Laureat  was  sup- 
"  plied  by  Gibber,  on  which  was  made  the  following 
"  Epigram,  (may  I  not  believe  by  yourself?) 

"  In  merry  old  England  it  once  was  a  rule, 
"  The  King  had  his  Poet  and  also  his  Fool. 
"  But  now  we're  so  frugal,  I'd  have  you  to  know  it, 
"  That  Gibber  can  serve  both  for  Fool  and  for  Poet. 

"  A  good  jest  is  a  good  thing  let  it  fall  upon  who 
"  it  will :  I  dare  say  Gibber  would  never  have  com- 
"  plained  of  Mr.  Pope,  if  he  had  never  said  any  worse 
"  of  him." 

In  the  Egotist  1743  Gibber  is  made  to  say — 
"  upon  the  first  day  of  a  new  piece  at  the  Hay.,  when 
"  a  personal  jest  upon  me  flew  souce  in  my  face, 
"  while  I  sat  in  the  eye  of  a  full  audience,  was  I  not 
"  as  suddenly  loud  in  my  laugh  and  applause,  as  any 
"  common  spectator  ?" — it  was  probably  at  the  joke 
about  his  Odes  that  Gibber  laughed — he  would  hardly 
have  been  able  to  raise  a  laugh,  when  Fielding  at- 
tacked him  for  mangling  Shakspeare. 

Pope  in  several  of  his  attacks  on  Gibber,  was  per- 
sonal and  illiberal — Fielding  only  attacked  Gibber's 
works,  and  his  remarks  were  not  more  severe  than 
just — that  Gibber  was  much  hurt  at  them  is  evident 
from  what  he  says  of  Fielding,  whom  he  does  not 
name,  but  describes  as  a  broken  Wit — he  has  the 
vanity  to  say  "  I  shall  not  give  the  particular  strokes 
"  of  his  ingenuity  a  chance  to  be  remembered  by  re- 
"  citing  them." 


cc  a 


388  L.  i.  F.  AND  c.  G.  1732-1733. 

L.  I.  F.  and  C.  G.  1732-1733. 

Sep.  22.  Hamlet.     Ophelia  =  Miss  Binks. 

25.  Recruiting  Officer 27-  Strategem. 

29.  Venice  Preserved. 

Oct.  2.  Confederacy      Clarissa  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

4.  Othello.     ^Emilia  =  Mrs.  Stevens. 

6.  Merry  Wives.  Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Younger : 
Mrs.  Page  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Anne  Page  =  Miss  Holli- 
day  : — she  appears  to  have  acted  the  beginning  of  this 
season  at  L.  I.  F.  and  the  latter  part  of  it  at  D.  L. 

11.  Orphan.  Castalio  =  Ryan :  Chamont=Quin  : 
Polydore  =  Walker  :  Acasto  =  Milward :  Moriimia  = 
Mrs.  Hallam :  Serena  =  Miss  Holliday. 

1 6.  Provoked  Husband.     Squire  Richard  =  Neale. 

18.  Not  acted  3  years,  Maid's  Tragedy.  King  = 
Milward  :  Evadne  =  Mrs.  Hallam :  —  rest  as  Nov.  8 

1729. 

20.  -ZEsop  =  Quin :  Learchus  =  Hippisley  :  Horten- 
sia  =  Mrs.  Hallam :  Euphronia  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

21.  Rule  a  Wife.    Leon  =  Quin:    Copper  Captain 
=  Ryan  :  Cacafogo  =  Hall :  Duke  =  Mil  ward  :  Esti- 
fania  =  Mrs.  Younger :  Margarita  r=  Mrs.  Buchanan  : 
Old  Woman  =  Mr.  Hippisley.     F. 

25.  Measure  for  Measure.  Clown  =  Hippisley : 
Isabella  —  Mrs.  Hallam. 

28.  Fond  Husband 30.  Macbeth. 

Nov.  3.  False  Friend.     Leonora  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

4.  Tamerlane  =  Milward — 7»  Love  makes  a  Man. 

8.  Tunbridge  Walks.  Reynard  =  Milward  :  Love- 
worth  =  Walker:  Squib  =  Pinkethman  :  Maiden  = 
Neale,  3d  appearance  on  this  stage  :  Belinda  =  Miss 


L.  1.  F.  AND    C.  G.    1732-1733.  389 

Holliday  : — rest  omitted — Pinkethman  went  to  G.  F. 
Dec.  18. 

9.  Oronooko  =  Walker :  Imoinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

11.  Volpone.     Voltore  =  Milward. 

13.  Provoked  Wife. 

14.  Busy  Body.     Miranda  =  Mrs.  Younger. 
16.  Country  Wife 17.  Mistake. 

22.  Old  Batchelor.     Sir  Joseph  Wittol  =  Neale. 

27.  Drummer. 

Dec.  2.  Love's  last  Shift. 

5.  Anatomist,  being  the  last  time  of  performing  at 
that  Theatre. 

6.  No  play. 

The  new  Theatre  in  Covent  Garden  was  opened. 

Dec.  7-  On  account  of  the  great  demand  for  places 
the  Pit  and  Boxes  were  laid  together  at  5s — first 
Gallery  at  2s — upper  Gallery  at  Is — and  to  prevent 
the  scenes  from  being  crowded,  admission  on  the 
stage  was  raised  to  half  a  Guinea. 

Way  of  the  World.  Mirabell  =  Ryan  :  Fainall 
=  Quin  :  Sir  Wilful  Witwou'd  =  Hippisley:  Wit- 
wou'd  =  Chapman :  Waitweli  =  Pinkethman : 
Millamant  =  Mrs.  Younger :  Mrs.  Marwood  = 
Mrs.  Hallam :  —  rest  omitted  =  Davies  says  Mrs. 
Stevens  and  Mrs.  Buchanan  acted  Foible  and  Mrs. 
Fainall :  he  adds — "  the  scenes  were  new  and  ex- 
"  tremely  well  painted  j  all  the  decorations  were 
"  suited  to  the  grandeur  and  magnificence  of  the 
"  building — Quin  was  a  judicious  speaker  of  Fainall 's 
"  sentiments,  but  heavy  in  action  and  deportment ; 
"  Walker  who  succeeded  him  played  the  part  much 
"  better — Ryan  was  greatly  inferiour  to  Wilks  in 
"  Mirabell — Chapman's  Witwou'd,  though  not  so 


390  L.  i.  r.  AND  c.  G.   1732-1733. 

"  finished  as  that  of  Colley  Gibber,  was  of  his  own 
"  drawing  and  very  comic — Hippisley,  tho'  not  so 
"  laughable  and  lubberly  a  figure  as  Harper  in  Sir 
"  Wilful,  yet  pleased  by  dint  of  comic  spirit  and 
"  natural  humour — Neale's  Petulant  was  diverting, 
"  whimsical  and  odd — Mrs.  Younger  in  Millamant 
"  was  spirited,  but  not  equal  to  Mrs.  Oldfield — Mrs. 
"  Egleton  was  quite  at  home  in  Lady  Wishfort"- 
the  Way  of  the  World  was  acted  3  nights  suc- 
cessively. 

14.  Fair  Quaker. 

16.  Beggar's  Opera.  Polly  =  Miss  Norsa  being 
her  1st  appearance: — the  Beggar's  Opera  was  per- 
formed 20  times  between  Dec.  16  and  Jan.  11 — the 
Manuscript  in  the  B.  M.  says  that  during  the  run  of 
it  the  company  acted  at  L.  I.  F.,  but  this  is  not  quite 
so  clearly  expressed  as  might  be  wished — it  appears 
however  certain  that  both  theatres  were  open  in  the 
Christmas  Holidays  for  some  few  nights. 

Dec.  26.  Tunbridge  Walks.  Squib  =  Chapman  : 
Hillaria  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

Jan.  1.  Unhappy  Favourite.  Essex  —  Ryan:  Bur- 
leigh  =  Quin  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Rutland  = 
Mrs.  Bullock : — Chapman  acted  Southampton,  pro- 
bably in  consequence  of  Walker's  acting  Macheath 
at  the  other  theatre — these  two  plays  seem  to  have 
been  acted  at  C.  G. 

15.  Not  acted  14  years,  Plain  Dealer.     Manly  — 
Quin:  Novel  =  Chapman  :  Lord  Plausible  —  Hippis- 
ley :  Freeman  =  M  ilward  :  Vernish  =  Ryan  :  Fidelia 
—  Mrs.    Buchanan  :    Olivia  =  Mrs.   Younger : — rest 
omitted — acted  about  6  times. 


L.  I.  F.    AND    C.  G.    1732-1733.  391 

18.  Merry  Wives.     Slender  =  Neale. 

27.  Constant  Couple.  Clincher  Sen.  =  Chapman: 
Clincher  Jun.  =  Neale. 

Feb.  5.  Duke  and  no  Duke.  Trappolin  =  Chap- 
man :  Duke  =  Milward  :  Puritan  —  Hippisley. 

().  Strategem.     Boniface  =  Bullock. 

8.  Double  Dealer.  Maskwell  =  Quin  :  Sir  Paul 
Plyant  =  Hippisley  :  Careless  =  Ryan  :  Brisk  = 
Chapman:  Mellefont  =  Walker  :  Lord  Touchwood 
=  Milward  :  Lord  Froth  =  Neale  :  Lady  Froth  = 
Mrs.  Bullock  :  Lady  Touchwood  =  Mrs.  Hallam  : 
Lady  Plyant  is  omitted. 

10.  Never  acted,  Achilles.  Achilles  =  Salway  : 
Lycomedes  (King  of  Scyros)  =  Quin  :  Diphilus  (his 
pimp)  =  Aston:  Ajax=ITall:  Periphas  (nephew  to 
Theaspe)  —  Walker :  Ulysses  =  Chapman  :  Diomedes 
—  Laguerre :  Theaspe  (Queen  of  Scyros)  —  Mrs. 
Cantrell :  Deidamia,  Lesbia,  and  Philoe  (her  daugh- 
ters) =  Miss  Norsa,  Miss  Binks  and  Miss  Gates: 
Artemona  (a  court  lady)  =  Mrs.  Egleton  :  Thetis  = 
Mrs.  Buchanan  : — acted  about  20  times — Achilles  is 
disguised  as  a  woman,  at  the  particular  desire  of 
his  mother,  Thetis— who  knows  that  if  he  should  go 
to  Troy,  he  would  be  killed — Lycomedes  believes 
him  to  be  a  woman,  and  places  him  among  his 
daughters — Achilles  gives  Deidamia  good  reason  to 
know  that  he  is  a  man — Lycomedes  falls  in  love 
with  Achilles — Theaspe  is  jealous — Lycomedes  at- 
tempts to  use  force  with  Achilles— Achilles  pushes 
him  down — in  the  last  act  Ulysses  and  Diomedes 
enter  disguised  as  merchants — Ulysses,  after  show- 
ing some  things  to  the  ladies,  opens  a  packet  with 
armour  in  it,  as  if  by  mistake— the  armou  attracts 


392  L.  i.  F.  AND  c.  G.  1732-1733. 

the  attention  of  Achilles — Ulysses  addresses  him  by 
name,  and  wants  him  to  go  to  Troy — Deidamia 
detains  him — at  the  conclusion,  he  agrees  to  marry 
Deidamia,  and  then  to  set  off  for  the  Grecian  Camp 
— Ajax  is  with  great  impropriety  represented  as  being 

at  Scyros,  instead  of  being  at  Troy this  is  an 

indifferent  Opera  in  3  acts — it  was  written  by  Gay 
— it  was  revived  in  1773  as  Achilles  in  Petticoats — 
see  C.  G.  Dec.  16  1773. 

March  15.  Quin's  bt.  not  acted  12  years,  Siege  of 
Damascus.  Phocyas  =  Ryan  :  Caled  =  Quin :  Eu- 
menes  •=  Milward  :  Eudosia  =  Mrs.  Younger  : — acted 
3  times. 

26.  Easter  Monday.  Beggar's  Opera  at  C.  G. 
and  Tunbridge  Walks  at  L.  I.  F. 

29.  Ryan's  bt.  Rule  a  Wife  and    Stage  Coach. 
Uncle  Micher  =  Hippisley. 

30.  Walker's  bt.  Love  and  a  Bottle.     Roebuck  = 
Walker  :    Loveworthy  Ryan  :    Mockmode  =  Neale  : 
Pamphlet  =  Chapman  :  Lyrick  =  Hippisley  :  Lucinda 
=  Mrs.  Bullock  : — rest  omitted. 

31.  Provoked   Husband.      Lady  Townly  —  Mrs. 
Bullock. 

April  2.  Hippisley's  bt.  Royal  Merchant  and  Jour- 
ney to  Bristol. 

3.  Othello  and  Wedding. 

4.  Never  acted,   Fatal   Secret.      Bosola  =  Quin  : 
Ferdinand,  Duke   of  Calabria  =  Ryan :  Cardinal  of 
Arragon  =  Walker  :  Antonio  =  Milward  :  Marquis  of 
Pescara  =  Chapman  :  Young  Duke  of  Malfy  =  Miss 
Binks  :  Dutchess  of  Malfy  =  Mrs.  Hallam  : — acted  4 
times^-this    is    professedly   an    alteration    of    the 
Dutehess  of  Malfy—  see  L.  I.  F.  1664— Theobald's  first 


L.  I.  F.    AND    C.  G.    1732-1 733.  3Q3 

3  acts  do  not  differ  very  materially  from  Webster's 
—in  the  4th  act  he  gives  the  plot  a  different  turn — in 
Webster's  play  the  Dutchess  is  strangled  on  the  stage 
— in  Theobald's  she  is  carried  off  the  stage  for  that 
purpose — in  Theobald's  last  scene,  the  Duke   and 
Cardinal  kill  one  another  by  mistake — the  Young 
Duke  enters — Bosola  promises  to  produce  the  body 
of  the  Dutchess — he  brings  her  in  alive — Antonio, 
who  is  disguised  as  a  pilgrim,  discovers  himself,  and 
the  play  ends  happily — this  is  effected  by  making 
Bosola  turn  out  an  honest  man  instead  of  a  villain 
— the  Young  Duke,  who  is  supposed  to  be  about  12 
years  old,  is  a  new  character — Theobald's  alteration 
on  the  whole  is  not  a  bad  one,  but  it  is  too  violent — 
he  should  have  retained  more  of  the  original  play — 
he  tells  us  in  his  preface  that  the  plot  is  not  fictitious, 
but  founded  on  the  historians  of  Naples — he  adds — 
"  I  have  retained  the  names  of  the   characters — I 
"  have  adopted  as  much  of  Webster's  tale  as  I  con- 
"  ceived  for  my  purpose,  and  as  much  of  his  writing 
"  as  I  could  turn  to  account— I  have  no  where  spared 
"  myself  out  of  indolence,  but  have  often  engrafted 
"  his  thoughts  and  language,  because  I  was  conscious 
"  I  could  not  so  well  supply  them   from  my   own 
"  fund" — The  Gentleman's  Magazine  for  April  says 
— "  King  Log's  Fatal   Secret  met  with  the  fate  it 
"  deserved  —  Achilles     succeeded    better     than    it 
"  deserved." 

April  10.  Henry  4th. 

12.  Mihvard  acted  Jaffier  for  his  bt. 

13.  Mrs.  Hallam's  bt.  Mariamne.      Herod  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Flaminius  =  Ryan  :    Sohemus  =  Quin  :    Phe- 
roras  =  Walker  :  High  Priest  —  Chapman  :  Mariamne 


394  i»  i.  F.  AND  c.  G.   1732-1733. 

=  Mrs.  Hallam:  Arsinoe  =  Mrs.  Bullock: — with, 
never  acted  there,  Devil  to  Pay.  Jobson  =  Hall. 

17.  Mrs.  Buchanan's  bt.  Fair  Penitent.  Lothario 
rr  Walker  :  Horatio  =  Quin  :  Sciolto  =  Chapman  : 
Altamont  =  Mil  ward  :  Calista  =  Mrs.  Buchanan: — 
with  Devil  to  Pay  and  Medley. 

21.  King  Lear.  Gloster  =  Mil  ward :  Kent  = 
Chapman. 

23.  Way  of  the  World.     Petulant  =  Neale. 

27.  Never  acted,  a  new  Farce  called  the  Mock 
Lawyer.     Mock  Lawyer  =  Chapman  :— the  Editor  of 
the  B.  D.  says  that  this  is  a  ballad  Opera  by  Phillips 

—it  is  printed,  but  scarce. 

28.  At  L.  I.  F.  Duke  and  no  Duke,  with  Perseus 
and  Andromeda. 

May  1,  Not  acted  16  years,  Timon  of  Athens. 
Timon  =  Milward :  Apemantus  =  Quin  :  Alcibiades  — 
Walker  :  Evaridra  —  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Melissa  =  Mrs. 
Buchanan. 

10.  Committee.  Teague  =.  Neale  :  Obediah  is 
omitted  :  Day  =  Hippisley  :  Blunt  =  Quin  :  Able  = 
Chapman:  Ruth  =  Mrs.  Bullock:  Arbella  =  Mrs. 
Buchanan  : — this  bill  is  probably  incorrect,  as  Obe- 
diah was  Hippisley's  part — see  March  21  1732. 

14.  Rover. 

17.  Conscious  Lovers.  Cimberton  =  Chapman  : 
— this  was  Hippisley's  part  in  general ;  and  he  could 
hardly  be  ill,  as  he  acted  Daniel  in  Oronooko  on  the 
16th,  and  Moneytrap  on  the  18th. 

19.  Merry  Wives,  with  a  new  Farce  called  the 
Rape  of  Helen.  Mercury  =  Laguerre  :  Menelaus  = 
Hippisley  :  Paris  =  Salway :  Castor  =  Aston  :  Pollux 
=  Hale  :  Justice  Gryphus  =  Hall :  Helen  =  Miss 


L.  I.  F.  AND   C.  G.   1732-1733.  395 

Binks  :  Venus  =  Miss  Norsa :  Juno  =  Mrs.  Cantrell : 
Minerva =Mrs.Egleton : — Venus  had  promised  Helen 
to  Paris,  in  return  for  the  apple  which  he  had  ad- 
judged to  her — Mercury  is  sent  by  Jupiter  to  assist 
Venus  in  her  plot — he  is  disguised  as  a  Rhodian 
pedlar — Venus  is  disguised  as  Antiope — Juno  and 
Minerva  are  disguised  as  country  girls — Helen  and 
Paris  fall  mutually  in  love — Iris,  by  the  order  of  Juno, 
puts  Menelaus  on  his  guard — he  calls  out  the  Militia 
— Paris  and  Helen  enter  in  disguise — they  bribe 
Castor  and  Pollux,  and  by  their  means  effect  their 
escape — Mercury  and  Venus  are  brought  in  as  Paris 
and  Helen — they  discover  themselves,  and  laugh  at 
Juno,  Minerva,  and  Menelaus — this  is  a  Mock  Opera 
in  one  very  long  act  by  Breval — the  dialogue  is  neatly 
written — the  Rape  of  Helen  seems  not  to  have  been 
acted  after  this  season — it  was  not  printed  till  1737- 

21.  Spanish  Fryar. 

23.  Plain  Dealer.     Jerry  Blackacre  =  Neale. 

June  1.    She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not.     (Bills 
from  B.  M.} 

There  are  no  Summer  bills,  but  two  pieces  were 
certainly  brought  out  in  the  Summer. 

Tuscan  Treaty,  or  Tarquin's  Overthrow — some 
parts  of  this  T.  are  well  written,  but  on  the  whole  it 
is  a  poor  play — it  is  founded  on  the  2d  book  of  Livy, 
but  the  greater  part  of  it  is  fiction. 

Fancy'd  Queen — this  is  a  moderate  Opera  in  one 
long  act — the  plot  is  stolen  from  Shirley's  Sisters- 
see  L.  I.  F.  Nov.  28  1723. 

Mrs.  Egleton  died  about  this  time ;  she  was  a  comic 
actress  much  admired  by  the  best  judges — the  Duke 
of  Argyle,  who  was  a  frequenter  of  the  theatre  and 


396  L."I.  F.  AND  c.  G.  1732-1733. 

a  constant  friend  to  the  actors,  took  a  particular  plea- 
sure in  seeing  her  on  the  stage  — with  a  great  share 
of  merit  she  was  extremely  diffident,  and  never 
attempted  a  new  character,  but  with  the  utmost  ap- 
prehension of  failing  to  please — she  was  unfortunately 
too  much  addicted  to  the  bottle.  (Davies.} 


Mrs.  Egletorts  characters — selection  only. 

L.  I.  F.  1717-1718— as  Mrs.  Giffard— Mary  the 
Buxom  in  Don  Quixote — Patch. 

1719-1720.  Lady  Raleigh— Mrs.  Frail— Queen  in 
Hamlet  and  Essex — Lucy  in  Recruiting  Officer — 
Mrs.  Day  —  ^Emilia  in  Othello — Widow  Lackit— 
Lady  Touchwood  in  Double  Dealer. 

1720-1721.  Mrs.  Quickly— Lady  Plyant  in  D.D. 
— Mademoiselle  in  Provoked  Wife — Tamora  in  Titus 
Andronicus — Lady  Upstart  in  Artful  Husband. 

1721-1722  — as  Mrs.  Egleton  — Mrs.  Flareit  in 
Love's  last  Shift — Mopsophil  in  Emperour  of  the 
Moon  —  Hostess  in  Henry  4th — Johayma  in  Don 
Sebastian  —  Lucy  in  Old  Batch elor  —  Abigail  in 
Drummer — Mrs.  Mixum  in  Woman's  Revenge. 

1722-1723.  Mrs.  Termagant  in  Squire  of  Alsatia 
— Juletta  in  Pilgrim. 

1723-1724.  Nell  in  Devil  of  a  Wife. 

1724-1725.  Jacinta  in  False  Friend — Lady  Lay- 
cock  in  Amorous  Widow — Margaret  the  Shrew  in 
Sauny  the  Scot. 

1725-1726.  Doris  in  ^Esop— Mrs.  Amlet  in  Con- 
federacy. 


G.  F.  1732-1733.  397 


1726-1727.  Jacinta  in  Mistake. 
1727-1728.  *Lucy  Lockit. 
1729-1730.  Wife  of  Bath. 
C.  G.  1732-1733.  Lady  Wishfort. 


Originally. 


G.  F.  1732-1733. 

Curll  and  Chetwood  tell  us  that  Henry  Giffard  was 
born  in  1699 — that  he  joined  the  Bath  company  in 
1719,  and  in  2  years' probation  made  such  a  progress 
that  he  was  invited  by  Rich  to  L.  I.  F.  where  he  con- 
tinued 2  years  more  and  then  went  to  Dublin — that 
is  in  1723 — they  add  that  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Giffard  came 
to  England  in  1730 — this  account  is  very  inaccurate 
— Giffard  acted  Young  Valere  at  L.  I.  F.  May  3 
1718,  but  he  seems  to  have  had  no  engagement  under 
Rich  till  many  years  after  that  time* — he  certainly 
went  to  Ireland  sooner  than  Curll  and  Chetwood 
represent,  as  he  acted  Honorio  in  the  Rival  Generals 
and  spoke  the  Epilogue  in  1722 — In  the  spring  of 


*  The  point  is  not  certain,  as  GifFard's  name  stands  to  a  small 
part  at  L.  I.  F.  Dec.  14  1717. 


398  G.  F.  1732-1733. 

1726  he  made  a  trip  to  England  and  acted  the  Prince 
of  Wales  to  Booth's  Hotspur  on  May  7th — on  the 
19th  he  had  a  benefit  with  Pinkethman's  widow, 
when  he  acted  Capt.  Brazen — this  was  probably 
through  the  influence  of  Wilks — Gibber  in  his 
Apology,  p.  371,  complains  much  of  some  civilities 
shown  by  Wilks  to  two  Irish  actors — Giffard  cer- 
tainly returned  to  England  in  17^9,  when  he  was 
engaged  by  Odell. 

In  1731  Giffard  published  proposals  for  erecting  a 
theatre,  by  subscription,  in  or  near  Goodman's  Fields 
— one  of  the  original  papers  is  in  my  possession. 

Curll  says  that  Giffard  rebuilt  OdelFs  Theatre— 
Chetwood  with  much  greater  probability  tells  us  that 
Giffard  caused  to  be  built  an  intire,  new,  beautiful, 
convenient  Theatre  by  the  same  architect  with  that 
of  C.  G. — it  is  clear  from  the  proposals  that  Giffard 
had  not  fixed  on  a  spot  for  his  play  house — the  new 
Theatre  was  situated  in  Ayliffe  Street,  and  was  opened 

on  Oct.  2 a  print  of  this  Theatre,  from  a  drawing 

in  the  British  Museum,  was  published  in   1813— 
Odell's  theatre  seems  to  have  been  in  Leman  Street 
-see  G.  F.  1745  and  1746. 

Oct.  2.  Henry  4th.  Falstaff  =  Hulett :  Hotspur 
=  Delane  :  Prince  of  Wales  =  Giffard  : — repeated 
Oct.  3. 

11.  Merry  Wives.     Falstaff  =  Hulett. 

18.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn  =  Delane  :  Selim  = 
Woodward  :  Zara  =  Mrs.  Roberts  :  Almeria  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond  from  D.  L.  being  her  first  appearance  at 
that  theatre  : — F. — acted  5  times  successively. 

Nov  4.  Tamerlane.  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  : 
— F. 


G.  F.   1732-1733.  399 

13.  Old  Batchelor.  Sir  Joseph  Wittol  =  R.  We- 
therhilt  from  D.  L. :  Laetitia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

18.  Delane  acted  Castalio. 

Dec.  1,  Julius  C«esar.  Brutus  —  Delane :  Antony 
=  Giffard:  Cassius  =  Hulett :  Portia  =  Mrs.  Thur- 
mond :  -  acted  1 2  times  successively.  (Bills  from 
B.M.} 

Jan.  8.  Virtue  Betrayed.  Piercy  =  Delane  :  Henry 
8th  =  Hulett:  Anna  Bullen  =  Mrs.  Thurmond: — 
acted  3  times  successively. 

13.  Constant  Couple  and,  never  acted  there, 
Tavern  Bilkers — seemingly  a  Pantomime  —  1st 
Drawer  =  Woodward. 

18.  Conscious  Lovers.  Bevil  =  Delane  :  Daniel 
=  Woodward. 

24.  Beggar's  Opera.  Macheath  =  Hulett :  Polly 
=  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Roberts  : — acted  5 
times  successively. 

Feb.  5.  Decoy,  or  the  Harlot's  Progress — acted 
about  4  times — there  are  no  characters  in  the  bill, 
and  the  piece  seems  to  have  been  only  a  Pantomime, 
as  at  D.  L. 

12.  Mrs.  Thurmond's  bt.  Jane  Shore.  Hastings 
=  Giffard  :  Shore  =  Delane :  Gloster  =  Hulett :  Jane 
Shore  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Alicia  =  Mrs.  Roberts. 

19-  Delane's  bt.  Macbeth  =  Delane  :  Donalbain 
=  Woodward. 

20.  Timoleon  revived.  Timoleon  =  Delane  :  Ti- 
mophanes  =  Hulett :  Dinarchus  rr  Giffard  :  Eunesia 
=  Mrs.  Giffard  : — acted  about  4  times. 

March  5.  Rule  a  Wife  with,  never  acted,  Mad 
Captain.  Serjeant  Sly  =  Hulett:  Captain  Attall  = 
Bardiri :  Sir  Marvin  Maugre  =  Lyon  :  Pinch  =  Mor- 


400  G.  F.   1732-1733. 

gan  :  Snrp  =  Pinkethman  :  Master  Johnny  Snip  = 
Stopelear:  Hillaret  (daughter  to  Sir  Marvin)  =  Mrs. 
Hamilton  :  Betty  (her  maid)  =  Mrs.  Roberts  : — 
Pinch  and  Snip  dun  Attall — Sly  says  the  Captain  is 
Mad — he  gives  Pinch  and  Snip  a  guinea  a-piece, 
and  pretends  that  they  are  enlisted — Attall  marries 
Hillaret — Master  Johnny  marries  Betty — he  supposes 
her  to  be  her  mistress — this  Opera  in  one  long  act  is 
attributed  to  Drury — it  is  an  indifferent  piece. 

6.  Careless  Husband.  Lord  Foppington  =  We- 
therhilt. 

15.  Never  acted,  Scanderbeg — This  is  a  poor  T. 
by  Havard  the  Actor — it  is  founded  on  a  novel  of 
the  same  name — it  was  acted  2  or  3  times. 

17.  Hulett's  bt.  King  Lear.  Lear  =  Delane : 
Edgar  =  Giffard  :  Gloster  =  Hulett. 

30.  Mrs.  Thurmond's  bt.  Relapse.  Lord  Fop- 
pington =  Wetherhilt :  Loveless  =  Giffard  :  Worthy 
=  Delane:  Berinthia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Amanda  = 
Mrs.  Giffard. 

April  13.  Chetwood's  bt.  Constant  Couple,  with  a 
ballad  Opera  in  one  act,  called  the  Mock  Mason — 
this  was  the  comic  scenes  of  Chetwood's  Generous 
Freemason. 

19.  Delane  acted  Cato. 

May  4.  Recruiting  Officer.  Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Thur- 
mond. 

10.  For  the  bt.  of  Woodward  and  2  others.  Old 
Batchelor.  Setter  =  Woodward. 

24.  Last  play — (From  my  awn  Bills.) 


B.  AND  s.  F.  1733.     D.  L.   1733-W34-.  401 


BARTHOLEMEW  AND  SOUTHWARK 
FAIRS,  1733. 

At  Gibber's,  Griffin's,  Bullock's  and  Hallam's 
Booth.  Tamerlane,  intermixed  with  the  Miser. 

At  Lee  and  Harper's  Booth — the  true  and  ancient 
history  of  Bateman,  or  the  Unhappy  Marriage,  with 
the  comical  humours  of  Sparrow,  Pumpkin  and  Sli- 
cer — and  a  diverting  scene  of  the  Midwife  and  Gos- 
sips at  the  Labour. 

At  Lee  and  Harper's  Booth.  Jeptha's  Rash  Vow, 
or  the  Virgin  Sacrifice,  with  the  comical  humours  of 
Capt.  Bluster  and  his  man  Diddimo  — Jeptha  =  Hu- 
lett :  Capt.  Bluster  =  Harper. 

At  Fielding  arid  Hippisley's  Booth.  Love  and 
Jealousy,  or  the  Downfall  of  Alexander  the  Great, 
with  a  Cure  for  Covetousness.  Loveit  =.  Mrs.  Pritch- 
ard. 

At  Miller,  Mills,  and  Gates'  Booth.  Jane  Shore, 
with  the  comical  humours  of  Sir  Anthony  Noodle  and 
his  man  Weazle.  (Prom  my  own  Bills.) 


D.  L.  1733-1734. 

Mrs.  Booth,  on  her  husband's  death,  became  pos- 
sessed of  a  sixth  part  of  the  Patent,  which  she  sold  to 
Giffard  (as  it  was  said)  for  £1500. 

Highmore  opened  the  Theatre  for  this  season  with 


VOL.  III. 


402  D.  L.   1733-1734. 

only  Mr.  Ellis  as  agent  for  Mrs.  Wilks  to  assist  him  : 
Giffard's  attention  was  of  course  devoted  to  G.  F. 
and  he  had  only  made  his  purchase  in  the  D.  L.  Pa- 
tent as  a  good  stake  in  an  establishment,  which  he 
thought  much  surer  than  his  own.  (  Victor.) 

Victor  in  1761  says — Two  weeks  had  not  passed 
before  all  the  principal  performers  (Mrs.  Clive,  Mrs. 
Horton  and  Bridgewater  excepted)  revolted  from  the 
Patentees  and  set  up  for  themselves  at  the  little 
Theatre  in  the  Hay. — and  in  his  preface  to  Altamira 
1776  he  tells  us,  that  his  play  had  been  rehearsed  2 
or  3  times  before  the  conspiracy  broke  out — it  seems 
strange  that  Victor  should  have  made  a  mistake,  even 
after  a  lapse  of  years,  in  a  point  in  which  he  was  so 
much  concerned — yet  it  is  certain,  that  the  principal 
actors  did  not  play  at  D.  L.  till  March  12  1734— and 
that  their  intention  of  playing  at  the  Hay.  had  been 
announced  to  the  public  at  Bartholomew  Fair. 

Victor  adds — "  The  violence  of  this  transaction 
"  was  at  this  juncture  so  notorious,  that  it  immedi- 
"  ately  threw  the  whole  town  into  parties — the 
"  friends  to  the  Seceders  urged  that  the  actors  were 
"  a  free  people  and  not  to  be  sold  with  the  Patent, 
"  as  slaves  with  a  plantation  in  the  West  Indies — at 
"  this  time  there  were  no  articles  subsisting  between  the 
"  managers  and  the  actors" — but  tho'  the  actors  were 
under  no  obligation  to  continue  with  the  Patentees, 
yet  it  does  not  appear  that  they  had  any  particular 
grievance  to  complain  of ;  and  their  return  to  D.  L. 
so  soon  after  seems  to  prove  that  in  this  instance  they 

acted  capriciously  and  injudiciously their  salaries 

per  week  at  D.  L.  were  as  follows— 

Theophilus  Gibber  for  himself  and  wife,   who  did 


D.  L.   1733-1734.  403 

but  little  £5 — Mills  Jun.  for  himself  and  wife,  who 
was  of  little  use,  £3 — Mills  Sen.  £1  per  day — for  200 
days  certain — and  a  clear  benefit — Johnson  and  Miller 
£5  each — Harper  and  Griffin  £4  each — Shepherd  £3 — 
llallain  for  himself  and  his  father,  who  was  of  little 
use,  £3 — Mrs.  Heron  £5 — her  salary  had  been  raised 
from  £2  the  preceding  winter,  yet  she  refused  several 
parts  and  acted  seldom — the  Patentees  were  at  the 
daily  charge  of  more  than  £49  each  acting  day. 
(Gent.'s  Mag.'} 

This  statement  must  have  been  made  with  refer- 
ence to  the  season  1732-1733 — Mrs.  Gibber  was  at 
this  time  dead. 

But  whatever  was  the  case  of  the  actors  in  general, 
the  two  Gibbers  were  certainly  bound  in  conscience 
to  support  Highmore — Victor  with  honest  indigna- 
tion says,  it  appeared  to  him  shocking  that  the  son 
should  immediately  render  void  and  worthless  what 
his  father  had  just  received  £3150  for,  as  a  valuable 
concern  :  and  adds  that  he  had  frequent  disputes 
with  the  father  and  son  whenever  they  met. 

Davies  tells  us,  that  the  elder  Gibber  applied  to  the 
Duke  of  Grafton,  (probably)  then  Lord  Chamberlain, 
for  his  interest  to  procure  a  Patent  in  favour  of  his 
son,  which  the  Duke,  seeing  the  injustice  of  the  re- 
quest, peremptorily  refused. 

Highmore,  thus  distressed  and  deserted,  collected 
what  performers  he  could  from  the  country  theatres 
but  none  were  of  any  promise,  except  Macklin. 

In  this  maimed  condition  the  business  of  course 
went  lamely  on  ;  for  a  very  middling  company  of 
players  could  be  expected  to  bring  but  thin  audiences, 
especially  while  party  prevailed,  and  the  same  plays 


404  D.  L.  1733-1734. 

were  acted  much  better  at  the  Hay. — in  consequence 
of  this,  there  was  a  balance  every  Saturday  morning 
against  the  Manager  of  50  or  60  Pounds  ;  and  his 
pride,  as  well  as  his  honour,  was  too  much  con- 
cerned not  to  induce  him  to  make  up  the  deficiency 
every  week  with  the  greatest  exactness  :  this  defi- 
ciency, which  lasted  from  20  to  30  weeks,  amounted 
to  a  considerable  sum.  (  Victor.) 

On  Oct.  30th  the  following  letter  was  sent  to  Mr. 
John  Mills  and  the  other  persons  acting  at  the  Hay. 
— but  lately  belonging  to  D.  L.  and  C.  G. — the  letter 
was  signed  by  Mary  Wilks — John  Highmore — John 

Ellys — and  John  Rich "  We  have  been  daily  in 

"  hopes,  that  before  this,  the  mediation  of  friends 
"  would  have  put  an  end  to  the  differences  that  have 
"  for  some  time  been  between  us  :  and  tho*  we  are 
"  well  advised  of  the  unlawfulness  as  well  as  unrea- 
"  sonableness  of  your  acting,  yet  we  are  extremely 
"  unwilling  to  take  such  methods  as  the  law  pre- 
"  scribes,  without  first  assuring  you,  that  if  you  think 
"  fit  to  return  to  your  respective  companies,  we  shall 
"  be  ready  on  our  parts  to  do  whatever  can  be  thought 
"  reasonable  for  us  :  but  if  you  still  persevere  in  your 
"  separation,  which  is  greatly  prejudicial  to  us,  we 
"  shall  be  necessitated  (tho*  contrary  to  our  inclina- 
"  tions)  to  proceed  in  such  a  manner  as  the  law  di- 
"  rects,  for  supporting  the  royal  patents  under  which 
"  we  act :  we  are  in  hopes  of  an  amicable  answer 
"  from  you,  directed  to  the  theatre  in  D.  L." 

None  of  the  persons  directed  to  being  there,  it 
was  left  at  Mr.  Mills'  house,  and  in  about  two  hours 
after  retum'd  unopen'd  ;  and  a  new  direction  was 
immediately  put  on  it,  address'd  to  Mr.  Theophilus 
Gibber  :  to  which  he  the  same  day  returned  the  fol- 


D.L.   1733-1734.  405 

lowing  lines — "  I  have  received  a  letter  from  you, 
"  which  speaks  of  several  persons  and  different  com- 
"  panics  ;  but  as  no  particular  names  are  mention'd, 
"  and  the  letter  is  directed  to  me  alone,  I  can  only 
"  answer  for  myself — I  am  well  advis'd,  that  what  I 
"  am  about  is  legal,  and  I  know  'tis  reasonable ;  and 
"  therefore  I  do  not  think  of  changing  my  present 
"  condition  for  servitude."  {From  Newspaper.) 

Highmore,  thus  deserted  by  his  actors,  first  endea- 
voured to  prevail  on  the  Lord  Chamberlain  to 
interfere  in  his  behalf,  but  failing  in  this,  he  was 
persuaded  to  put  the  Vagrant  Act  in  execution 
against  the  Seceders — accordingly  Harper  was  taken 
up  and  committed  to  Bridewell  Nov.  12  1733— 
Davies  tells  us  that  Harper  was  fixed  on,  on  account 
of  his  natural  timidity,  and  the  London  Magazine 
says  that  previously  to  this,  the  Patentees  of  D.  L. 
and  C.  G.  being  resolved  to  try  whether  they  had  an 
exclusive  right  to  the  acting  of  plays,  for  that  pur- 
pose summoned  the  Revels'  company  and  the  com- 
pany of  G.  F.  before  a  bench  of  Justices  Nov.  5  ; 
the  case  was  argued  by  Counsel  on  both  sides,  but 
the  Justices,  not  being  satisfied  as  to  the  formality  of 
the  summons,  dismissed  the  players  for  that  time. 

Nov.  20th  Harper's  case  came  on  before  the  chief 
Justice  of  the  King's  Bench  :  many  eminent  lawyers 
were  heard  on  both  sides  :  in  Harper's  favour  it  was 
said,  that  tho'  he  was  a  player  yet  he  did  not  wander 
about  from  place  to  place  like  a  Vagabond,  nor  was 
there  any  appearance  of  his  being  chargeable  to  any 
parish  ;  for  that  he  was  not  only  a  freeholder  in 
Surry,  but  a  housekeeper  in  Westminster  ;  and  far- 
ther that  he  was  an  honest  man,  paid  his  debts,  did 


406  D.  L.  1733-1734. 

no  man  any  injury,  and  was  well  esteemed  by  many 

gentlemen  of  good  condition against  Harper  it 

was  alleged,  that  he  came  under  the  Act  of  the  12th 
of  Queen  Anne,  and  that  he  did  wander  from  place 
to  place,  for  that  he  had  formerly  acted  at  D.  L.  and 
likewise  at  Bartholemew  and  South wark  Fairs— the 
result  was,  that  Harper  was  discharged  upon  his 
recognizance  (Lond.  Mag.) — and  left  Westminster 
Hall  amidst  the  acclamations  of  several  hundred 
persons  who  crowded  it  on  the  occasion.  (Kirkman.'] 

In  the  course  of  the  season  another  enterprising 
Gentleman  appeared,  Charles  Fleetwood,  Esq.,  who 
(as  Victor  says)  purchased  the  whole  Patent  for  very 
little  more  than  poor  Highmore  gave  for  half  of  it— 
but  Victor  is  not  correct — Fleetwood  probably  pur- 
chased the  shares  of  Highmore  and  Mrs.  Wilks,  but 
Giffard  beyond  a  doubt  retained  his  portion  of  the 
Patent  in  1735 — (see  Hay.  Aug.  1  1735) — and  per- 
haps for  some  years  after. 

Fleetwood  was  a  man  of  great  fortune  and 
fashion ;  his  friendship  and  connections  with  many 
persons  of  quality  gave  him  the  promise  of  a  power 
that  must  carry  all  before  it — and  so  it  did — his  first 
object  was  the  bringing  back  of  the  Seceders,  in 
which  he  had  little  difficulty  ;  the  most  grave  and 
sensible  part  of  them  were  already  sick  of  their 
enterprize,  and  ashamed  of  being  made  the  dupes  of 

so  young  and  wild  a  leader  as    Theo.  Gibber 

they  therefore  readily  closed  with  the  overtures  that 
were  made  them  to  return  to  D.  L.,  thus  peace  was 
restored  to  the  entire  satisfaction  of  both  parlies  ; 
but  the  attorney  was  now  thought  necessary,  and 
articles  of  agreement  were  mutually  signed  betMreen 


D.  L.  1733-1734,  40? 

the  manager  and  the  actors,  when  not  only  the 
salary,  but  other  particulars,  as  parts  and  privileges, 
were  ascertained.  (  Victor.) 

D.  L.  was  opened  on  the  14th,  or  rather  on  the 
24th  of  September. 

24.  Not  acted  these  10  years — ^Esop.  JEsop  = 
Bridgewater  :  Learchus  =  Aston  :  Sir  Polydorus 
Hogstye  =  Topham  :  Doris  =  Miss  Raftor :  Hor- 
tensia  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Euphronia— Miss  Holliday. 

28.  Spanish  Fryar.  Dominic  and  Gomez  =  Gif- 
fard  and  Norris,  both  from  Goodman's  Fields  :  Tor- 
rismond  =  Marshall :  Colonel  ( Lorenzo)  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Ware, 
being  her  first  appearance  there  : — Giffard  was  pro- 
bably W.  Giffard. 

Oct.  3.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Marshall  :  Copper 
Captain  =  Bridgewater  :  Cacafogo  =  Giffard  :  Esti- 
fania  =  Miss  Raftor  :  Margarita  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Old 
Woman  =  Mr.  Norris. 

5.  Strategem.  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Horton : 
Cherry  =  Mrs.  Clive,  formerly  Miss  Raftor  : — with 
Mock  Doctor.  Gregory  =  Wescomb  from  Edin- 
burgh :  Dorcas  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

8.  Oronooko  =  Marshall :  Aboan  =  Bridgewater : 
Chariot  Weldon  =  Miss  Morse. 

10.  London  Merchant  with  (not  acted  5  years) 
Harlequin,  Dr.  Faustus.  Diana  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

12.  Beggar's  Opera.     Pol ly=  Mrs.  Clive. 

17.  Richard  the  3d.  Richard  =  Roberts :  King 
Henry  =  Bridgewater :  Richmond  =  Marshall :  Queen 
=  Mrs.  Horton. 

19.  Spanish  Fryar.  Dominic  =  Hyde  1st  appear- 
ance there  :  Elviras Mn.  Clive. 


408        .  D.  L.  1733-1734. 

24.  Miser  with  Harlot's  Progress. 

31.  Recruiting  Officer.  Brazen  =  MecMn,  being 
his  1st  appearance  there  : — Macklin's  original  name 
was  M'Laughlin,  but  finding  it  rather  difficult  to  be 
pronounced  by  Englishmen,  he  changed  it  to  Macklin 

at  this  time  he  was  generally  called  Mecklin  or 

Mechlin—  in  the  bill  for  Oct.  §  1734,  his  name  is 
spelt  one  way  in  the  play,  and  another  way  in  the 
Farce. 

Nov.  5.  Tamerlane  =  Bridgewater  :  Arpasian 
Mrs.  Horton. 

9.  Never  acted  there  but  once — Opera  of  Operas, 
or  Tom  Thumb  the  Great — set  to  music  after  the 
Italian  manner  by  Mr.  Lampe — Queen  Dollalolla  = 
Mrs.  Clive  : — this  piece  was  in  3  acts— it  came  out 
at  the  Hay.  on  the  31st  of  May  1733 — when  it  was 
acted  11  times  at  least. 

21.  Busy  Body.     Marplot  =  Macklin.     B. 

23.  Timon  of  Athens.  Timon  =  Bridgewater : 
Evandra  :=  Mrs.  Horton.  B. 

Dec.  1.  Busy  Body.     Miranda  =  Mrs.  Clive.     B. 

5.  Never  acted,  Timori  in  Love,  or  the  Innocent 
Theft.  Timon  =  Roberts  :  Pierot  =  Bridgewater  : 
Socrates  =  Hewitt :  Plutus  =  Norris  :  Mercury  or 
Aspasia  =  Mrs.  Clive:  Eucharis  —  Mrs.  Horton:— 
acted  three  times — B — in  the  Introduction,  Timon 
is  discovered  at  the  foot  of  a  rock — he  imprecates 
vengeance  on  his  false  friends — Mercury  and  Plutus 
appea^'  to  him — Plutus,  by  Jupiter's  order,  makes 
Timon  rich  in  spite  of  his  teeth — Timon  requests 
Mercury  to  turn  his  ass  into  a  man — Mercury  turns 
him  into  Pierot — Fierot  retains  the  remembrance 
and  simplicity  of  his  first  estate — he  prevails  on 


D.L.  1733-1734.  409 

Timon  to  take  the  money  which  Plutus  had  brought 
him — here  the  Introduction  ends,  and  the  scene 
changes  to  Athens — Mercury  himself  assumes  the 
character  of  Aspasia — Eucharis  is  in  love  with 
Timon — Aspasia  tells  her,  that  the  only  way  to  suc- 
ceed with  Timon  is  to  humour  his  foible,  and  rail  at 
the  world — Eucharis  takes  her  advice — Pierot  asks 
Timon  for  money — Timon  refuses  to  give  him  any — 
Aspasia  pretends  to  be  in  love  with  Pierot — she  per- 
suades him  to  steal  Timon's  treasure — and  then 
coaxes  him  out  of  it — Timon  reproaches  Pierot  with 
his  treachery — Pierot  pleads  that  he  took  the  trea- 
sure with  no  bad  design,  and  that  if  Timon  had  made 
a  right  use  of  it,  he  should  not  have  been  tempted  to 
steal  it — Aspasia  enters — Pierot  desires  her  to  restore 
the  treasure  to  Timon — she  refuses — Eucharis  offers 
her  hand  and  fortune  to  Timon — Mercury  resumes 
his  proper  shape — he  tells  Timon  that  he  was  Aspa- 
sia— he  restores  his  treasure  to  him — enjoins  him  to 
make  a  good  use  of  it— and  to  accept  the  offer  of 
Eucharis — this  piece  is  attributed  to  Kelly — it  is  a 
Comedy  in  3  acts  with  songs,  taken  from  the  French 
— as  there  is  scarcely  any  plot  or  incident  in  it,  it 
seems  badly  calculated  for  representation,  but  as  the 
dialogue  is  written  with  a  good  deal  of  ingenuity,  it 
is  well  worth  reading. 

11.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Clodio  =  Macklin.     B. 

17.  Theodosius.     Athanais  =  Mrs.  Horton.    B. 

21.  Committee.  Teague  =  Macklin  :  Ruth  =  Mrs. 
Horton.  B. 

Jan.  3.  Not  acted  30  years,  Cornish  Squire.  Squire 
Trelooby  =  Bridgewater  :  Wimble  =  Macklin:  Love- 
well  —  Marshall  :  Tradewell  =  Norris  :  Physicians  = 


410  D.  L.    1733-1734. 

Mullart  and  Hallam  :  Julia  =  Mrs.  Cooper  :  Nerina 
=  Mrs.  Mullart : — this  Farce  in  3  acts  was  first  acted 
at  L.  I.  F.  March  30  1704— it  was  repeated  for  Mrs. 
Bracegirdle's  bt.  on  May  23 — it  was  brought  out  at 
Hay.  Jan.  28  1706 — it  was  not  printed  till  some  few 
days  before  this  revival — Ralph  in  his  preface  says 
— "  it  was  first  played  by  Subscription,  and  so  great 
"  were  the  expectations  from  it,  that  the  pit  and  boxes 
"  were  laid  together  at  half  a  Guinea,  and  the  gal- 
"  lery  at  a  crown  "  —  the  encreased  prices  were 
doubtless  owing,  not  to  the  cause  assigned  by  Ralph, 
but  to  the  music  which  preceded  this  Farce — "  how 
"  the  publication  of  this  piece  came  to  be  delay'd  so 
"  long  I  cannot  tell — my  copy  was  imperfect,  but  I 
"have  endeavoured  to  supply  the  omissions  "—this 
accounts  for  the  difference  in  the  last  scene  between 
the  Cornish  Squire  and  the  other  translation  of  Mon- 
sieur de  Pourceaugnac  published  in  1704. 

After  the  Cornish  Squire,  was  acted  a  Farce  in  2 
Acts  called  the  Sham  Pilgrims — altered  from  Beau- 
mont and  Fletcher — there  were  no  characters  in  the 
bill,  and  the  Farce  seems  not  to  have  been  acted  a 
second  time. 

8.  Cornish  Squire  3d  time  and  Livery  Rake.  Tom 
=  Stoppelear  :  Toby  =  Mullart  :  Harry  =  Turbutt : 
Phillis  (the  chambermaid)  =  Miss  Atherton  :  Phillis 
(the  country  girl)  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Lucy  =  Miss  Morse. 

15.  Author's  Farce  with  (never  acted)  Intriguing 
Chambermaid.  Valentine  =  Stoppelear  :  Colonel 
Bluff=  Macklin :  Oldcastle  =  Norris :  Rakeit  (servant 
to  Mrs.  Highman)  =  Mullart :  Goodall  =  Jones  :  Slap 
=  Topham :  Lettice  (servant  to  Valentine)  =  Mrs. 
Clive  :  Mrs.  Highman  =  Mrs.  Mullart :  Charlotte  (her 


D.  L.    1733-1734.  4-11 

niece)  =  Miss  Atherton  : — Goodall  had  gone  abroad 
— during  his  absence,  his  son,  Valentine,  had  been 
very  extravagant — he  and  Charlotte  are  mutually  in 
love — Mrs.  Highman  wants  her  niece  to  marry  Old- 
castle,  and  threatens  to  turn  her  out  of  doors,  if  she 
should  encourage  Valentine's  visits — Valentine  gives 
a  great  dinner  to  Col.  Bluff,  &c. — Goodall  returns 
home — Lettice  waylays  him — she  tells  him  that  his 
house  is  haunted — Slap  comes  with  a  Constable  and 
assistants  to  arrest  Valentine — Col.  Bluff  drives  them 
off — at  the  conclusion,  Goodall  is  reconciled  to  his 
son — and  Mrs.  Highman  consents  to  the  union  of 
Valentine  and  Charlotte — this  is  a  good  C.  in  2  acts 
with  songs — it  was  written  by  Fielding,  who  tells  us 
that  he  took  it  from  a  French  piece  by  Regnard — (see 
Lucky  Prodigal  L.  I.  F.  Oct.  24  1715)— this  is  no 
doubt  true — but  the  foundation  of  the  plot  comes 
originally  from  the  Mostellaria  of  Plautus — Fielding 
turned  the  servant  into  a  chambermaid  for  the  sake 
of  Mrs.  Clive's  acting — she  contributed  to  the  success 
of  the  piece,  and  he  furnished  her  with  an  excellent 
part — he  has  prefixed  an  Epistle  to  Mrs.  Clive,  in 
which  he  praises  her  for  her  private  character  and 
particularly  for  her  conduct  towards  the  Patentees. 

19.  Author's  Farce — in  which  will  be  introduced 
an  Operatical  Puppet  Shew,  called  the  Pleasures  of 
the  Town — with^great  additions  and  a  new  Prologue 
and  Epilogue — this  was  the  5th  night — the  characters 
were  in  the  bill  for  the  1st  time — Luckless  =  Mullart : 
Marplay  Sen.  =  Stoppelear :  Marplay  Jun.  =  Macklin: 
Mrs.  Money  wood  =  Mrs.  Mullart : — Mrs.  Clive  acted 
Harriet  in  the  Author's  Farce,  and  Mrs.  Novel  in  the 
Pleasures  of  the  Town — in  the  Author's  Farce  as 


412  D.  L.  1733-1734. 

printed,  the  two  players  are  called  Marplay  and 
Sparkish. 

31 .  Oronooko.  Chariot  Weldon  =  Mrs.  Elmy  late 
Miss  Morse. 

Feb.  4.  A  new  Pantomime  Entertainment,  called 
Cupid  and  Psyche.  Pallas  =  Mrs.  Elmy :  Columbine 
=  Mrs.  Clive : — this  Entertainment  was  so  successful, 
that  a  Farce  by  Fielding,  which  had  been  rehearsed, 
was  deferred  —  Cupid  and  Psyche,  or  Columbine 
Courtezan,  is  printed  —  it  consists  of  two  serious 
scenes  about  Cupid  and  Psyche— and  a  Harlequinade 
— the  business  of  which  is  described. 

5.  Cupid  and  Psyche.  Garagantua  m  Mynheer 
Cajanus  : — this  character  is  not  in  the  1st  bill,  nor  in 
the  D.  P.  of  the  piece  as  printed — "  Harlequin  enters 
"  as  a  Conjuror — he  attempts  to  strip  several  persons 
"  of  their  cloaks,  &c. — they  seem  angry,  and  refuse 
"  to  be  served  in  that  manner — on  which  he  stamps 
"  with  his  foot,  and  a  formidable  figure  arises,  who 
"  terrifies  them  into  compliance  " — it  was  probably 
here  that  Mynheer  Cajanus  made  his  appearance — 
this  bill  explains  a  very  obscure  passage  in  the  preface 

to  Don  Quixote  in  England — see  Hay.  1734 

Cupid  and  Psyche  was  acted  on  Feb.  28 — at  the 
bottom  of  the  bill  it  is  said — "  Note,  Mynheer  Caja- 
"  nus  is  prevail'd  upon  (at  the  request  of  several  per- 
"  sons  of  distinction)  to  stay  a  few  days  longer  in 
"  England,  and  to  appear  as  usual  in  the  above  enter- 
"  tairiment." 

11.  Never  acted,  Fatal  Falsehood,  or  Distressed 
Innocence.  Belladine  (a  young  nobleman)  —  Bridge- 
water  :  Rainford  (brother  to  Louisa)  =  Marshall : 
Manlove  (friend  to  Belladine)  =  Paget :  Wilmot 


D.  L.   1733-1734.  413 

(friend  to  Rainford) — Turbutt :  Maria  =  Mrs.  Horton : 
Louisa  =  Miss  Holliday :  Amanthe  (her  attendant)  =: 
Mrs.  Elmy  : — acted  4  times — Belladine  had  been 
contracted  to  Maria,  but  forced  by  his  father  to  marry 
Louisa — Rainford,  on  his  return  to  England  after  an 
absence  of  10  years,  had  paid  his  addresses  to  Maria 
— she  had  declined  them — Belladine,  on  his  father's 
death,  marries  Maria — the  play  begins  on  their  wed- 
ding day — Belladine  proposes  to  settle  his  affairs,  and 
go  abroad  with  Maria — Amanthe  informs  Louisa  that 
Belladine  had  married  a  second  wife — Louisa  visits 
Rainford  disguised  as  a  man — she  discovers  herself 
to  him — he  vows  vengeance  on  Belladine — Louisa 
tells  Maria  that  Belladine's  first  wife  is  alive — she 
draws  her  sword  on  Maria — Belladine  enters — he 
and  Louisa  fight — she  is  killed— Rainford  and  Bel- 
ladine fight — Belladine  is  killed — Maria  goes  mad 
and  dies — Time  12  hours — scene  Bristol — this  T.  in 
3  acts  was  written  by  Hewitt — probably  the  person 
who  had  acted  Socrates  in  Timon  in  Love — it  is  a 
poor  piece — it  would  have  been  better  if  the  author 
had  written  it  in  prose. 

13.  By  their  Majesties'  Command,  for  the  bt.  of 
Mrs.  Wilks — not  acted  20  years,  Island  Princess — . 
no  characters. 

March  4.  Mrs.  Horton  acted  Lady  Townly  for 
her  bt. 

7-  By  their  Majesties'  Command,  for  the  bt.  of 
Mrs.  Porter.  Albion  Queens.  Norfolk  =  Marshall : 
Queen  Mary  =  Mrs.  Horton :  Queen  Elizabeth  =  Mrs. 
Porter:  Dowglas  =  Miss  Holliday: — the  pit  and 
boxes  were  laid  together. 

11.  Mrs.  dive's  bt.    Never  acted  there  (acted  Dec. 


414  HAY.   1733-1734. 

17  1709— Feb.  21711&C.  &c.)  Confederacy.  Brass 
=  M<2cklin  :  Moneytrap  =  Norris  :  Clarissa  =  Mrs. 
Horton  :  Flipparita  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Corinna  =  Miss 
Holliday  :  Mrs.  Amlet  =  Mrs.  Willis  who  performed 
the  part  originally  : — with  the  Lottery.  Lord  Lace 
=  M«cklin:  Lady  Lace  =  Mrs.  Clive :— N.B.  Not- 
withstanding the  actors  from  the  Hay.  are  to  play 
here  to  morrow,  Mrs.  dive's  bt.  will  certainly  be 
this  day  at  D.  L.  (Chiefly  from  my  own  bills,  the 
few,  which  are  marked  with  a  B,  are  from  B. 


HAY.  1733-1734. 

In  the  only  interview  which  I  had  with  Dr.  Burney 
I  understood  him  to  say,  that  he  had  the  Hay.  bills 
from  the  beginning — when,  some  few  months  after 
his  decease,  I  was  at  the  British  Museum  transcribing 
his  bills,  I  perceived  on  coming  to  D.  L.  1733-1734 
that  he  had  taken  little  or  no  notice  of  the  secession 
of  the  principal  performers — I  concluded  that  he  had 
reserved  his  account  for  the  Hay. — on  my  requesting 
to  have  the  Hay.  bills,  they  could  not  be  found,  tho' 
the- Librarian  was  so  obliging  as  to  allow  me  to  look 
for  them  myself — the  new  plays  at  that  theatre  must 
consequently  be  arranged  at  random,  except  when 
some  information  can  be  obtained. 


HAY.  1733-1734.  415 

In  1827  the  Hay.  bills  for  this  season  fell  into  my 
hands  at  Mr.  Field's  sale. 

The  seceding  actors  from  D.  L.  fitted  up  and  deco- 
rated this  theatre  with  the  greatest  expedition — they 
were  called  the  Comedians  of  his  Majestys  Revels— 
the  Master  of  the  Revels  was  probably  prevailed  on, 
without  much  difficulty,  to  exert  the  authority  which 

still  remained  to  him  in  their  favour the  Daily 

Post  for  Sep.  29  contains  a  translation   of  Lee's 
Patent  as  Master  of  the  Revels. 

Sep.  26.  Love  for  Love.  Gibber  Jun.  gave  notice 
one  day  at  Bartholemew  Fair,  that  the  Hay.  would 
be  opened  on  the  20th  of  Sep.  with  Love  for  Love — 
the  notice  is  said  to  have  been  received  with  the 
strongest  applause. 

Oct.  3.  Committee 8.  Rule  a  Wife. 

5.  Love  makes  a  Man,  with  Devil  to  Pay.  Nell  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard  : — she  acted  Nell  for  the  1st  time  on 
the  26th  of  Sep. — Miss  Vaughan  acted  in  the  Widow 
Bewitched  at  Goodman's  Fields  in  1729-1730 — in 
1730-1731  she  acted  in  the  Fair  Quaker  and  the 
Highland  Fair  at  D.  L. — Miss  Martha  or  Patty 
Vaughan's  name  stands  to  two  small  parts  in  the 
same  season — as  Mrs.  Pritchard's  maiden  name  was 
Hannah  Vaughan,  there  was  good  reason  for  sup- 
posing that  she  had  acted  as  Miss  Vaughan — but 
good  reason  must  yield  to  better* — on  the  30th  of 
April  1733  Mrs.  Christian  formerly  Miss  Vaughan 
had  a  benefit  at  G.  F. — Mrs.  Nelson  formerly  Miss 
M.  Vaughan  acted  in  the  Farce — Mrs.  Pritchard 
certainly  acted  in  Fielding's  and  Hippisley's  Booth  in 
Bartholemew  Fair  1733 — her  part  was  Loveit  in  an 
Opera  called  a  Cure  for  Covetousness,  or  the  Cheats 


416  HAY.  1733-1734. 

of  Scapin — a  duet  between  her  and  Sal  way  was  a 
great  favourite — a  complimentary  copy  of  verses  was 
addressed  to  her  in  the  Daily  Post — the  writer  of 
them  calls  this  her  first  essay — he  adds— 

"  Surpriz'd  we  view  thy  dawning  excellence  ; 
"  From  hence  transplanted  to  a  brighter  stage, 
"  (And  prophet  may  I  be !)  thou'lt  charm   the 

"  age." 

10.  Henry  4th  part  1st.  Hotspur  =  Mil  ward  (from 
C.  G.)  being  the  1st  time  of  his  performing  with  this 
company :  —  with  Mock  Doctor.  Dorcas  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard. 

12  Henry  4th  part  2d.  Shallow  =  Johnson :  Arch- 
bishop of  York  =  Mil  ward. 

13.  Provoked  Husband.  Sir  Francis  Wronghead 
=  Griffin:  Count  Basset  —  Gibber  Jun. 

15.  Tender  Husband.  Capt.  Clerimont  =  W. 
Mills  :  Humphrey  Gubbiri  =  Miller :  Sir  Harry  Gub- 
bin  =  Harper :  Clerimont  Sen.  —  Mills :  Tipkin  = 
Griffin  :  Pounce  =  Shepherd  :  Biddy  Tipkin  —  Mrs. 
Heron  :  Fainlove  =  Mrs.  Charke  : — with  Livery  Rake 
Trapp'd,  or  the  Disappointed  Country  Lass.  Tom 
=  Berry  :  Toby  Slang  =  Harper :  Harry  =  Ridout : 
Phillis  (the  Country  Lass)  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Phillis 
(the  Chambermaid) = Miss  Gates :  Lucy=Miss  Mann : 
Dorcas  =  Mrs.  Shireburn. 

17.  Hamlet.  Hamlet  =  Mills  :  King  =  Milward  : 
Ghost  =  Bom  an :  Fop  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Ophelia  ;=  Mrs. 
Pritchard. 

19.  Busy  Body.     Miranda  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

20.  Careless  Husband.     Lord  Foppington  =  Cib- 
ber  Jun.  :  Edging :=  Mrs.  Pritchard. 


HAY.  1733-1734.  417 

27.  Constant  Couple. 

29.  Jane  Shore,  with  Opera  of  Operas.  Cleora  ^ 
Mrs.  Pritchard. 

Nov.  1.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  =  W.  Mills  : 
Brazen  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Balance  =  Mills  :  Worthy  = 
Mihvard  :  Kite  =  Harper :  Bullock  :=  "Miller  :  Sylvia 
=  Mrs,  Charke. 

3.  Relapse.     Lord  Foppington  =  Gibber  Jun. 

5.  Tamerlane  =  Mihvard  :  Axalla  =  Gibber  Jun.  : 
Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Heron. 

10.  Venice  Preserved.  Renault  =  Gibber  Jun. : 
Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Butler :  with  Wanton  Wife  and 
Opera  of  Operas. 

21.  Henry  4th.  FalstafF  =  Harper: — he  was  set 
at  liberty  on  the  20th — he  acted  in  the  2d  part  on 
the  22d. 

23.  Oronooko  =  Milward :  Chariot  Weldon  =  Mrs. 
Charke. 

24.  Love  for  Love  with  an  Impromptu  Revel  Masque 
on  the  joyous  occasion  of  the  intended  Royal  Nuptials 
—Mrs.  Pritchard  acted  a  Shepherdess — .on  the  26th 
the  Masque  was  called  the  Festival. 

26.  Othello  =  Mills  :  Brabantio  =  Milward. 

27.  Miser.   Frederick  =  Milward  :  Mariana  ==  Mrs. 
Heron:  Lappet  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

28.  Harper's  bt.  Cato.    Cato  =  Mills :  Portius  = 
Milward  :   Syphax  =  Gibber  Jun. 

Dec.  5.  Way  of  the  World.  Witwotf'd  =  Gibber 
Jun. :  Millamant  =  Mrs.  Heron. 

10.  Scornful  Lady.  Welford  =  Milward  :  More- 
craft  =  Shepherd  :  Sir  Roger  =  Griffin  :  Lady  =  Mrs. 
Heron  :  Abigail  =  Mrs.  Charke. 

12.  Amphitryon.     Phaedra  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

VOL.  III.  E    E 


418  HAY.  1733-1734. 

17.  Wit  without  Money.     Valentine  =  W.  Mills  : 
Shorthose  =.  Gibber  Jun. :  Launce  =  Miller  :  Widow 
rrMrs.  Heron. 

18.  For  the  Benefit  of  Mr.  John  Dennis.   Provoked 
Husband  and  Festival. 

Dennis  being  much  distressed  very  near  the  close 
of  his  life,  it  was  proposed  to  act  a  play  for  his 
benefit;  and  Thomson,  Mallet,  Benjamin  Martin  and 
Pope  took  the  lead  upon  the  occasion,  the  play,  which 
was  the  Provoked  Husband,  was  represented  at  the 
Hay.  Dec.  18  1733,  and  Pope,  condescended  so  far 
to  lay  aside  his  resentment  against  his  former  antag- 
onist as  to  write  a  Prologue  which  was  spoken  by 
Theo.  Gibber — Dennis  had  at  this  time  become  blind 
— Pope's  benevolence  was  not  so  pure  as  could  be 
wished,  for  his  Prologue  was  throughout  a  sneer  upon 
the  poor  old  critic,  who  happily,  either  from  vanity, 
or  the  decay  of  his  intellects,  did  not  perceive  its  ten- 
dency— Dennis  survived  this  assistance  only  20  days, 
dying  on  the  6th  of  Jan.  1733-4  in  the  77th  year  of 
his  age.  (Biographia  Britannica.} 

Pope's  Prologue  is  not  to  be  found  in  Warburton's 
edition  of  his  works ;  he  was  perhaps  conscious  that 
the  printing  of  it  would  do  him  no  credit. 

Dennis  wrote  or  altered  9  dramatic  pieces — 2  of 

them  are  only  bad  alterations  of  Shakspeare's  plays 

—his  4  Tragedies  are  indifferent — his  2  Comedies 

have  considerable  merit — some  of  his  critical  remarks 

are  very  good. 

Dec.  19.  Fox.  Volpone  =  Mills:  Mosca  =  A. Hal- 
lam  :  Corbaccio  =  Johnson :  Voltore  =  Milward  :  Cor- 
vino  =  Berry :  Sir  Politick  =  Griffin  :  Avocatori  = 
Boman,  &c. :  Lady  Wou'dbe—  Mrs.  Charke  :  Caelia 
=  Mrs.  Butler. 


HAY.  1733-1734.  419 

20.  Alchemist.  Subtle  =  W.  Mills  :  Dol  Common 
=  Mrs.  Charke. 

22.  Silent  Woman.    Sir  John  Daw  =  Gibber  Jun. 

26.  London  Merchant.     Thorowgood  =  Milward. 

Jan.  4.  Flora.  Hob  =  Miller:  Hob's  Father  = 
Harper  :  Hob's  Mother  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

10.  Double  Gallant.  Atall= Gibber  Jun.:  Clerimont 
=  Milward  :  Lady  Sadlife  =  Mrs.  Her6n  :  Clarinda 
=  Mrs.  Charke  :  Sylvia  — Mrs.  Pritchard. 

12.  Albion  Queens.  Queen  Elizabeth  =  Mrs.  But- 
ler :  Queen  Mary  =  Mrs.  Heron :  Douglas  =  Mrs. 
Charke :  with  Dido  and  ^Eneas— a  dramatic  Masque, 
written  by  the  late  Barton  Booth  Esq. — set  to  music 
by  Mr.  Arne — ^Eneas=Miss  Jones  :  Mercury =Kelly : 
Cupid  =  Young  Master  Arne  :  Dido  =  Miss  Arne  :— 
Intermixed  (by  particular  desire)  with  a  Grotesque 
Pantomime,  called  the  Burgo-Master  Trick'd.  Bur- 
go-Master's  servant  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Peasant  Woman 
=  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

Feb.  1.  Milward  acted  Othello. 

8.  Old  Batchelor.  Fondlewife  =  Griffin  .  Sharper 
=  Milward. 

12.  Never  acted,  Mother-in-Law,  or  the  Doctor  the 
Disease.  Sir  Credulous  Hippish  =  Griffin  :  Doctor 
Mummy  =  Johnson  :  Looby  Headpiece  (his  nephew) 
=  Gibber  Jun. :  Beaumont  (in  love  with  Belina)  = 
W.  Mills  :  Heartly  (brother  to  Sir  Credulous)  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Dr.  Diascordium  =  M  iller :  Gallipot  =  Harper  : 
Cranny  (an  attorney)  =  Shepherd  :  Poet  =  Oates  : 
Lady  Hippish  (the  Mother  in  law)  =  Mrs.  Butler : 
Primrose  (Belina's  maid)  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Belina  and 
Agnes  (daughters  to  Sir  Credulous)  =  Mrs.  Pritchard 
and  Miss  Robinson  : — in  the  play  as  printed,  Heartly 

E  E    2 


420  HAY.  1733-1734. 

is  by  mistake  called  Heartwell  in  the  D.  P. — and 
Mills'  name  stands  to  the  part — but  his  name  is  not 
in  the  bills — this  C.  is  attributed  to  James  Miller — it 
is  on  the  whole  a  pretty  good  play — the  bulk  of  it  is 
taken  from  the  Imaginary  Invalid — for  the  plot  see 
the  10th  vol.  of  Moliere  1755 — Lady  Hippish's  beha- 
viour, on  finding  her  husband  alive  instead  of  dead,  is 
borrowed  from  Sir  Patient  Fancy — the  character  of 
Looby  Headpiece  is  taken  from  Monsieur  de  Pour- 
ceaugnac — Lady  Hippish  says  to  Belina — "  When  we 
"  were  at  the  play  last,  there  were  some  beastly 
"  speeches  which  made  all  the  rest  of  us  cover  our 
"  faces  and  stop  our  ears,  but  you  did  not  so  much 
"  as  blush  at  the  abominable  lewdness" — Belina  re- 
plies— "  You  perhaps  Madam  are  better  skilled  in 
"  lewdness  than  I  am  ;  for  my  part  I  saw  none  at  all 
"  in  it,  I  always  consider  things  on  the  side  they  are 
"  shown  me,  and  never  turn  them  to  look  for  what's 
"  not  fit  to  be  seen  ;  a  woman's  modesty  and  virtue 
"  don't  lie  in  grimace  ;  that  affected  niceness,  which 
"  is  so  much  shocked  at  the  shadow  of  things,  will 
"  often  bear  with  the  reality." 

22.  Mother  in  Law,  to  which  (at  the  desire  of 
several  persons  of  quality)  will  be  added  a  new  Tra- 
gedy of  half  an  act,  called  Chrononhotonthologos— 
this  is  a  good  burlesque  T.  by  Carey — it  was  acted 
several  times — there  were  no  performers'  names  in 
the  bill. 

March  9.  Mother  in  Law  18th  time — being  the 
last  time  of  the  company's  acting  in  this  theatre. 
(From  my  own  Bills.) 


D.  L.   1733-1734.  421 

D.  L.    1733-1734    IN    CONTINUATION. 

March  12.  Mother  in  Law.  Sir  Credulous  = 
Griffin :  &c.—  being  their  first  appearance  on  that 
stage  this  season Fleetwood  was  become  Patentee. 

18.  Mrs.  Heron's  bt.  Careless  Husband.  Lord 
Foppington  =  Gibber  Jun.  :  Lady  Betty  Modish  — 
Mrs.  Heron  :  Lady  Easy  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Edgings 
Mrs.  Clive. 

23.  Miller's  bt.  Provoked  Husband.  Lady  Townly 
=  Mrs.  Heron  :  Miss  Jenny  =  Mrs.  Clive  : — the 
original  scenes  of  John  Moody  will  be  restored — the 
part  to  be  performed  by  Miller. 

25.  Johnson's  bt.     Funeral.     Lord  Brumpton  = 
Mil  ward. 

26.  Harper's  bt.     Way  of  the  World.     Millamant 
rrMrs.  Heron. 

28.  For  bt.  of  Miss  Arne,  (afterwards  Mrs.  Cibber). 
Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry  Wildair  =  Cibber  Jun. : 
Lady  Lure  well  =  Mrs.  Heron : — with  Love  and  Glory. 
Venus  =  Miss  Arne. 

30.  For  bt.  of  Cibber  Jun.  Fair  Penitent.  Lo- 
thario —  Cibber  Jun.:  Horatio  =  Mills:  Sciolto  = 
Mil  ward  :  Altamont  =  A.  Hallam  :  Calista  =  Mrs. 
Heron  :  Lavinia  =  Mrs.  Butler: — with,  never  acted 
there,  Country  House.  Janno  =  Cibber  Jun. :  Mar- 
quis =  Macklin  :  Colin  =  Miller :  Mawkin  =  Mrs. 
Charke  : — this  Farce  had  been  acted  at  D.  L.  June 
16  1705. 

April  2.  Mil  ward's  bt.  All  for  Love.  An  tony  = 
Mil  ward  :  Ventidius  =  Mills  :  Cleopatra  =  Mrs. 
Heron  :  Octavia  =  Mrs.  Butler. 


422  D.  L.   1733-1734. 

4.  Mrs.  Butler's  bt.  Love  for  Love.  Valentine 
=  Mills  :  Ben -Miller  :  Tattle  =  Cibber  Jun. :  An- 
gelica —  Mrs.  Heron :  Mrs.  Frail  =  Mrs.  Butler :  Miss 
Prue^Miss  Robinson. 

6.  Alchemist.     Drugger  =  Cibber  Jun. 

20.  Henry  8th.  Wolsey  =  Mills  :  Cranmer  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

22.  Relapse.     Lord  Foppington  =  Cibber  Jun. : 
Sir  Tunbelly  =  Shepherd  :  Shoemaker  =  Miller  :  Be- 
rinthia  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Miss  Hoyden  =  Mrs.  Charke. 

23.  Bridgewater's  bt.      Careless  Husband.      Sir 
Charles  Easy  =  Bridgewater  :    Lord  Foppington  = 
Macklin:  Lady  Betty  Modish  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

24.  Tender  Husband 25.  Strategem. 

29.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  Arne  and  Young  Master  Arne. 
Careless  Husband,  with  Britannia  altered  from  Love 
and  Glory. 

30.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Shirebourn  and  Mrs.  Pritchard. 
Way  of  the  World.     Mirabell  =  A.  Hallam  :  Petulant 
=  Boman:  Millamant  =  Mrs. Heron:  Mrs.  Marwood 
=  Mrs.  Butler:  Mrs.  Fainall  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

May  1.  Committee.     Abel  =  Cibber  Jun. 

4.  Forbt.  of  the  Editor  of  Shakspeare — (Theobald) 
— Henry  4th  part  2d. — with  a  Prologue  and  Epilogue. 

13.  Mrs.  Charke'sbt.  Othello.  Othello  =  Cibber 
Jun. :  Roderigo  =  Mrs.  Charke :  Brabantio  =  Boman : 
Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  ./Emilia  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

15.  Ch et wood's  bt.     Tempest.    Trincalo  =  Miller. 

21 .  Cato.  Decius  =  Boman :  Marcia  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

23.  Love  for  Love.     Miss  Prue  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

24.  Conscious  Lovers.     Bevil  Jun.  =  W.   Mills : 
Tom  =:  Cibber  Jun. :  Cimberton  =  Griffin :  Myrtle  = 
A.  Hallam:  Sealand=  Milward  :  Sir  John  Bevil  = 


D.  L.  1733-1734.  4-23 

Mills  :  Indiana  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Phillis  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
—being  the  last  time  of  acting  this  season.     (From 
my  own  Bills.) 

Mrs.  Horton  seems  to  have  been  put  into  the  back 
ground  on  account  of  her  not  having  deserted  High- 
more — this  was  very  unfair,  and  perhaps  the  cause 
of  her  going  to  C.  G. 

Mrs.  Pritchard  performed  but  seldom  after  the 
return  of  the  seceding  actors  to  D.  L. 

Macklin  seems  not  to  have  acted  after  March  30th, 
except  for  Bridgewater's  bt. 

Mrs.  Gibber,  Jate  Miss  Arne,  acted  Psyche  on 
May  24th. 

The  return  of  the  capital  actors  to  their  old  theatre 
made  a  very  visible  difference  in  the  audiences  to  the 
advantage  of  the  new  Patentee,  whose  unskilfulness 
in  the  business  of  the  stage  was  by  that  circumstance 
the  longer  concealed — Theo.  Gibber  had  contrived  to 
insinuate  himself  so  far  into  the  good  graces  of 
Fleetwood  that  he  was  appointed  acting  Manager — 
but  Fleetwood  some  time  after  finding  him  an  im- 
proper person  displaced  him  for  Macklin,  who  long 
continued  in  the  highest  favour  with  him  and  for 
some  years  conducted  the  business  of  the  theatre 
with  success. 

The  Elder  Mills  was  the  only  Tragedian  in  the 
Company,  who  could  venture  to  appear  in  the  cha- 
racters acted  by  Booth— the  burden  of  the  business 
lay  entirely  on  him  ;  out  of  the  180  nights  in  the 
season  he  played  170 — thus  he  was  very  useful  and 
always  decent — but  his  abilities,  never  great  and  now 
on  the  decline,  were  not  equal  to  Hamlet  or  Othello 
—however  as  no  competitor  offered,  these  parts  be- 


424  c.  G.  1733-1734. 

came  his  right  by  seniority  and  he  died  in  possession 
of  them — Thus  Victor — but  he  is  not  correct — Mills 
was  dispossessed  of  Othello  at  the  opening  of  the 
next  season. 


C.  G.  1733-1734. 

Sep.  15.  Othello.     Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

18.  Beggar's  Opera 20.  Provoked  Husband. 

25.  Strategem 27.  Busy  Body. 

Oct.  2.  Venice  Preserved.     Belviderarz  Mrs.  Bu- 
chanan. 

4.  Recruiting  Officer 6.  Way  of  the  World. 

11.  Macbeth.     Banquo  =  Walker. 

17.  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not,  with  Mock 
Lawyer.     Cheatly  =  Hippisley. 

18.  Country  Wife 20.  Provoked  Wife. 

23.  Unhappy  Favourite 26.  Rover. 

27.  Maid's  Tragedy 29.  London  Cuckolds. 

31.  Rule  a  Wife,  with,  never  acted,  Stage  Muti- 
neers, or  a  Playhouse  to  be  Let — this  is  a  Tragi- 
Comi-Farcical-Ballad  Opera  by  a  Gentleman  late  of 
Trinity  College  Cambridge.  Pistol  =  Aston  :  Crambo 
(an  author)  =  Cole  :  Truncheon  =  Mullart :  Comic 
=  Jones  :  1st  Manager  =  Hale  :  Madam  Haughty  = 
Mrs.  Cantrell :  Mrs.  Squeamish  =  Mrs.  Stevens  : 
Miss  Crotchet  =  Miss  Norsa  :  Miss  Lovemode  =  Miss 


c.  G.  1733-1734.  425 

Rogers  : — at  the  opening  of  the  piece,  Crambo's 
play  is  to  be  rehearsed — Mrs.  Squeamish  enters  with 
her  part  in  her  hand — she  protests  she  will  not  play 
it — Mrs.  Haughty  does  the  same — Miss  Lovemode 
does  riot  object  to  her  part,  but  to  the  dress  in  which 
she  was  to  play  it — the  1st  Manager  observes — "  this 
"  is  Pistol's  work,  who  has  spirited  them  up  to  this 
"  contumacy  "  -Theophilus  Gibber  was  so  famous 
for  his  acting  in  the  2d  part  of  Henry  4th,  that  he 
acquired  the  name  of  Pistol — at  first  rather  as  a 
mark  of  merit — but  finally  as  a  term  of  ridicule — he 
was  drawn  in  that  character  by  Hogarth  with  several 
others  of  the  seceding  Actors  from  D.  L. — he  was 
not  ill  represented  by  Aston — perhaps  some  of  the 
other  characters  may  be  meant  for  some  of  the  other 
performers  —  the  Wardrobe-keeper  in  enumerating 
the  things  in  his  custody  mentions  "Apollo's  withered 
"  crown  of  Bays  "  —to  which  the  Manager  replies 
"  let  that  be  laid  aside  for  Mr.  Pistol ;  he  may  claim 
"  that  perhaps  by  hereditary  right "  —the  observations 
in  the  B.  D.  on  this  piece  are  one  proof  among  others, 
that  the  Compilers  of  that  work  sometimes  make  re- 
marks on  a  play  without  reading  it,  or  at  best  with  a 
very  imperfect  recollection  of  it  j  they  tell  us  that  all 
the  speeches  of  Pistol  are  written  in  the  Mock  Tra- 
gedy style  and  that  the  Farce  is  written  in  favour  of 
the  performers  ;  neither  of  which  assertions  is  true. 

The  motto  to  the  Stage  Mutineers  is  "  Bella)  /tor- 
"  rida  Bella" — the  piece  is  not  badly  written,  but  the 
Prologue  is  the  best  part  of  it. 

Nov.  1.  Constant  Couple 3.  Volpone. 

5  and  6.  Tamerlane.     Stratocles  =  Chap  man. 

8.  False  Friend 1).  Spanish  Fryar. 


426  c.  G.  1733-1734. 

10.  Othello.     Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

14.  King  Lear 16.  Double  Dealer. 

19.  Measure  for  Measure.     Angelo  =  Walker. 
21.  Plain  Dealer. 

26.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Don  Lewis  =  Morgan 
from  G.  F. 

30.  Henry  4th. 

Dec.  3.  Pilgrim.  Mad  Scholar  =  Walker  :  Porter 
=  Chapman  : — the  Women  are  omitted. 

4.  Oronooko 5.  Orphan.     Chaplain  =  Hall. 

8.  Not  acted  7  years,  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd.  Sir 
Oliver  Cock  wood  =  Hippisley  :  Courtall  =  Ryan  : 
Freeman  =  Walker  :  Rake-hell  =  Chapman  :  Gatty  = 
Mrs.  Younger  :  Ari  an  a  —  Mrs.  Bullock : — rest  omit- 
ted— acted  6  times  successively. 

17.  Royal  Merchant. 

19.  Pilgrim.     Juletta  =  Mrs.  Younger. 

20.  Not  acted    10   years,    Troilus   and  Cressida. 
Troilus  =  Ryan  :    Hector  =  Walker  :    Diomedes  = 
Chapman  :   Ajax  =  Hall :    Thersites  =  Quin  : — rest 
omitted  —  Davies     says — "  Walker    acted    Hector 
"  with  his  usual  spirit  and  animated  action — Troi- 
"  lus  fell  to  Ryan's  share — Quin  was  esteemed  an 
"  excellent  Thersites — Hippisley  excited  much  mirth 
"  in  Pandarus — Mrs.  Buchanan,  a  fine  woman  and 
"  a  pleasing  Actress,  was  Cressida — Lacy  was  Aga- 
"  memnon,    and    Chapman    pleased    himself    and 
"  nobody  else  in  Diomed." 

21.  Merry  Wives  and  Country  House. 

22.  Love's  last  Shift.     Hillaria  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 
26.  Richard  3d.     Henry  6th  =  Chapman. 

31.  Mistake. 

Jan.  3.  Hamlet 7«  Troilus  and  Cressida. 


C.G.  1733-1734.  42? 

9.  Never  acted,  Lady's  Revenge,  or  the  Rover 
Reclaimed.  Sir  Harry  Lovejoy  =  Ryan  :  Sir  Lively 
Brainless  =  Chapman  :  Heartly  (in  love  with  Laeti- 
tia)  =  Walker  :  Tom  (servant  to  Sir  Harry)  =  Sal- 
way  :  Lady  Traffick  =  Mrs.  Hallam :  Angelina  (daugh- 
ter to  Lord  Lovewell)  =  Mrs.  Buchanan  :  Betty  (her 
woman)  =  Mrs.  Younger  :  Lsetitia  (sister  to  Sir 

Harry)  =  Mrs.  Bullock  : Sir  Harry  is  a  man  of 

loose  principles  when  women  are  concerned — he 
had  seduced  Lucia  Belfast  under  a  promise  of  mar- 
riage— he  hecame  tired  of  her,  and  prevailed  on  her 
to  marry  Sir  Peregrine  Traffick — he  wished  to  renew 
his  intimacy  with  her,  but  she  was  deaf  to  his  solici- 
tations while  a  wife — her  husband  died,  and  she 
suffered  herself  to  be  again  led  astray  by  Sir  Harry 
— he  is  again  tired  of  her — he  had  begun  to  make 
honourable  love  to  Angelina — this  however  did  not 
prevent  him  from  having  an  intrigue  with  Betty — 
Lady  Traffick  finds  a  letter  from  Maria  to  Sir  Harry 
—she  goes  to  the  place  of  appointment  in  the  hope 
of  preventing  the  ruin  of  Maria — she  arrives  there 
too  late — she  discovers  Betty's  intrigue  with  Sir 
Harry — Betty  acquaints  her  with  Sir  Harry's  ad- 
dresses to  Angelina — Lady  Traffick,  out  of  Revenge, 
tells  Angelina  all  that  had  passed  between  Sir  Harry 
and  herself — Angelina  suspends  her  design  of  marry- 
ing Sir  Harry — Lady  Traffick  generously  releases 
him  from  his  promise  to  her — Angelina  gives  her 
hand  to  Sir  Harry — Sir  Harry  settles  Tom  in  a 
farm  on  condition  that  he  will  marry  Betty — Heartly 
and  Lsetitia  are  united — Sir  Lively  declares  his  in- 
tention of  marrying  Maria — she  is  not  one  of  the 
D.  P.-  Lady  Traffick  is  left  sadly  in  the  lurch— Sir 


428  c.  G.   1733-1734. 

Harry  can  hardly  be  said  to  be  Reclaimed,  as  he 
does  not  do  the  justice  which  it  is  in  his  power  to  do 

her this  C.  was  written  by  Popple — some  parts 

of  it  are  a  little  dull,  but  on  the  whole  it  is  a  pretty 
good  play — on  the  4th  night  8  or  10  young  fellows 
came  purposely  to  damn  it,  they  were  overpowered 
by  the  majority  of  the  house,  but  the  author  thought 
proper  to  withdraw  his  play — Ryan  and  Quin  ad- 
dressed the  audience  in  consequence  of  the  disturb- 
ance— see  the  preface. 

17.  Old  Batchelor.     Setter  =  Chapman. 

18.  Cato  =  Quin:  Semproni us  =  Walker  :   Syphax 
=  Chapman  :    Portius  =  Ryan  :    Marcus  and  Juba 
are  omitted  :  Lucia  —  Mrs.  Younger  :  Marcia  —  Mrs. 
Buchanan. 

26.  jiEsop 28.  Drummer. 

Feb.  4.  Tunbridge  Walks— 5.  Woman's  Revenge. 

8.  Jew  of  Venice — no  characters. 

14.  Careless  Husband.  Sir  Charles  Easy  —  Ryan: 
Lord  Foppington  =  Chapman :  Lord  Morelove  = 
Walker ;  Lady  Betty  Modish  =  Mrs.  Younger : 
Lady  Easy  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Lady  Graveairs  =  Mrs. 
Buchanan  :  Edging  is  omitted. 

19.  Amorous  Widow 20.  Confederacy. 

23.  Duke  and  no  Duke 28.  Achilles. 

March  5.  Distressed  Wife  1st  time — Ryan — Quin 

— Chapman — Mrs.  Younger  and  Mrs.  Buchanan — 

acted  4  times this  C.  was  written  by  Gay — it  is 

void  of  plot  and  incident — but  great  part  of  the 
dialogue  is  well  written — Lady  Willit,  by  her  extra- 
vagance, has  involved  her  husband  in  considerable 
pecuniary  difficulties — she  had  buoyed  him  up  with 
the  hopes  of  a  place  at  court — Barter,  who  is  his 


c.  G.  1733-1734.  4-29 

> 

uncle,  strongly  recommends  him  to  leave  London — 
Sir  Thomas  Wjllit  is  sensible  of  the  propriety  of  this 
advice — in  the  last  act,  he  gives  a  peremptory  order 
to  have  the  coach  brought  to  the  door,  and  insists 
that  Lady  Willit  should  retire  with  him  to  their 
house  in  the  country  —  Lord  Courtlove  pays  his 
addresses  to  Miss  Sprightly — she  only  laughs  at  him, 
and  in  the  last  scene  acknowledges  that  she  is  pri- 
vately married — Lord  Courtlove  marries  Miss  Friend- 
less— Ryan,  Quin,  Mrs.  Younger  and  Mrs.  Buchanan 
probably  acted  Sir  Thomas,  Barter,  Lady  Willit  and 
Miss  Sprightly — Barter  observes — "  of  all  beggars 
"  I  look  upon  a  minister's  follower  to  be  the 
"  meanest" — Gay  died  in  1732 — the  Distressed  Wife 
was  not  printed  till  1743,  and  it  was  then  printed 
without  the  slightest  intimation  that  it  had  been  ever 
acted — it  is  only  from  the  bills  in  the  B.  M.  that 

this  point  has  been  ascertained Gay  wrote  about 

12  dramatic  pieces — none  of  them  do  him  any  par- 
ticular credit,  except  the  Beggar's  Opera — see  C.  G. 
April  27  1771. 

12.  Quin's  bt.  Cato,  his   3d  appearance  in  that 
character. 

18.  Ryan's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  Fatal  Marriage. 
Villeroy  =  Ryan  : — rest  omitted. 

19.  Mrs.  Bullock  acted  Lady  Macbeth  for  her  bt. 
28.  Walker's  bt.  Timon    of  Athens.     Timon  = 

Walker :  Apemantus  =  Quin  :  Alcibiades  =  Ryan  : 
Poet  =  Chapman  : — rest  omitted. 

April  6.  Chapman's  bt.  Squire  of  Alsatia.  Squire 
=  Chapman  :  Sir  Edward  Belfond  =  Quin  :  Lolpoop 
zrHippisley  :  Teresia  =  Mrs.  Younger  : — rest  omitted 


430       .  c.  G.  1733-1734. 

— on  15.  Young  Belfond  =  Walker  : — on  May  3.  Sir 
Edward  Belfond  =  Lacy. 

April  22.  Mrs.  Buchanan's  bt.  Mourning  Bride. 

30.  Never  acted  there,  Lottery — no  characters. 

May  4.  Fatal  Marriage.  Biron  —  Lacy  :  Carlos  = 
Walker:  Fernando  =  Hi ppisley  :  Jaqueline  =  Chap- 
man :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Victoria  =  Mrs. 
Younger. 

7.  Busy  Body,  and  Strollers. 

9.  Spanish  Fryar.     Raymond  =  Chapman. 

17.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn  —  Ryan  :  King  = 
Walker  :  Gonzalez  =  Quin  :  Garcia  =  Chapman  : 
Zara  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Almeria  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

24.  Macbeth — no  more  bills. 

(Bills  from  B.  M. — the  whole  season  in  Manu- 
script only.) 

Mrs.  Younger  left  the  stage  at  the  close  of  this 
season — she  was  much  followed  in  Belinda  (O.  B.) 
and  several  other  characters,  especially  the  Country 
Wife — she  was  a  general  actress,  and  sometimes 
attempted  Tragedy,  but  not  much  to  her  advantage 
— (Davies)-Mrs.  Saunders,  in  1736  in  her  letter  to 
the  author  of  the  history  of  the  Stage,  says  it  was 
the  opinion  of  the  town,  that  both  Mrs.  Younger  and 
her  sister,  Mrs.  Bicknell,  were  excellent  in  their  way. 


Mrs.  Younger '$  characters — selection  only. 

D.  L.  1705-1706.    Princess  Elizabeth   in  Virtue 
Betrayed. 


c.  G.    1733-1734.  431 

17101711.  Lightning  in  Rehearsal — Page  in 
Orphan. 

1712-1713.  Rose— Miss  Prue. 

1713-1714.  Peggy  in  London  Cuckolds. 

1714-1715.  *Joyce  in  What  d'ye  call  it  ?— Flora 
in  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not. 

1715-1716.  Miss  Notable— Lucy  Welldon. 

1716-1717.  Celia  in  Volpone — Dorinda  in  Tem- 
pest— Victoria  in  Fatal  Marriage. 

1720-1721.  1st  Constantia. 

1721-1722.  Lady  Wou'dbe  in  Volpone. 

1722-1723.  *Phillis  in  Conscious  Lovers — Fidelia 
in  Plain  Dealer. 

1723-1724.  Miss  Hoyden — Edging — Sylvia  in 
R.  O. 

1724-1725.  Seemingly  not  engaged  at  either  theatre. 

L.  I.  F.  1725-1726.  Country  Wife  1st  appearance 
there — Chariot  Welldon  in  Oronooko — Hellena  in 
Rover — Desdemona — Flippanta —  Lady  Fanciful- 
Catty  in  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd — Juletta  in  Pilgrim 
— Belinda  in  Old  Batchelor. 

1726-1727.  Leonora  in  Mistake — Cordelia — Mi- 
randa in  Woman's  a  Riddle. 

1727-1728.  Angelica  in  Gamester — Selima  in  Ta- 
merlane— Miranda  in  B.  B. 

1728-1729.  Kitty  Carrot  in  What  d'ye  call  it. 

1729-1730.  Louisa  in  Fatal  Extravagance — School- 
boy— Lucia  in  Cato — Fair  Quaker. 

1730-1731.  Lady  Lurewell. 

1731-1732.  Lady  Townly— Hypolita  in  She  wou'd 
and  she  wou'd  riot — Mrs.  Ford — Estifania — Mrs. 
Conquest  in  Lady's  last  Stake. 

C.  G.  1732-1733.    Millamant— Hillaria  in  Tun- 


432  G.  F.    1733-1734. 

bridge  Walks— Olivia  in  Plain  Dealer— Eudocia  in 
Siege  of  Damascus. 

1733.1734.  Lady  Betty  Modish. 

*   Originally. 


G.  F.  1733-1734. 

Sept.  21.  Provoked  Husband.  Squire  Richard  = 
Woodward. 

Oct.  3.  Unhappy  Favourite.  Queen  Elizabeth  = 
Mrs.  Thurmond :  with  Mock  Doctor.  Harry  = 
Woodward. 

15.  Funeral.  Lord  Hardy  =  Delane :  Campley  — 
Giffard:  Lady  Chariot  =  Mrs.  Thurmond:  Lady 
Harriet  — Mrs.  Giffard: — acted  about  7  times. 

Nov.  14.  Wonder.  Don  Felix  =  Giffard  :  Lissardo 
=  Pinkethman  :  Col.  Briton  =  Delane  :  Violante  = 
Mrs.  Giffard:  Flora  =  Mrs.  Roberts: — acted  11  times 
successively. 

29.  Rival  Queens.  Alexander  =  Delane :  Clytus 
—  Hulett :  Statira  =  Mrs.  Giffard :  Roxana  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond  : — acted  8  times  successively. 

Jan.  3.  Delane  acted  Varanes. 

14.  Indian  Emperour.  Montezuma  =  Hulett : 
Cortez  =  Giffard  :  Guyomar  =  Delane  :  Almeria  = 
Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Cydaria.=  Mrs.  Giffard: — acted  4 
times  successively. 


c.  fc.   1733-1734.  433 

19.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Jaques  =  Wood  ward. 

Feb.  .5.  Careless  Husband.  Lord  Foppington  = 
Wetherhilt. 

11.  Constant  Couple  with  a  new  Entertainment, 
called  Britannia,  or  the  Royal  Lovers— acted  above 
30  times — The  Happy  Nuptials,  a  Pastoral  Epithala- 
mium  written  by  Carey  and  printed  in  1733,  is  said 
in  the  titlepage  to  have  been  performed  at  G.  F. — and 
to  have  been  given  gratis  at  the  said  theatre — it  is 
not  noticed  in  the  bills,  nor  in  the  B.  D. — it  consists 
of  a  short  dialogue  about  the  marriage  of  the  Prince 
of  Orange  and  the  Princess  Anna  of  England— it 
seems  to  have  been  introduced  in  the  last  scene  of 
Britannia — the  date  assigned  to  it  must  be  under- 
stood as  1733-4. 

March  5.  Mrs.  Giffard's  bt.  Fair  Penitent  and 
Lover's  Opera.  Squire  Clodpole  =  Woodward. 

18.  Hulett  acted  Richard  the  3d  for  his  bt. 

April  29.  Henry  4th  and  Britannia.  Germanicus 
—  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Britannia  =  Mrs.  Roberts :  Lord 
Rake  =  Hulett :  Capt.  Bully  =  Mynheer  Cajanus  Sen. 
brother  to  the  famous  tall  man  who  lately  appeared  at 
D.  L. 

May  7.  For  bt.  of  Woodward,  &c.  Double  Gal- 
lant  and  Stage  Coach.  Woodward  acted  Supple 
and  Fetch. 

15.  Relapse.     Shoemaker  =  Woodward. 

17.  Phebe.  Hunter  =  Mrs.  Roberts :  Chanter  = 
Hulett. 

23.  Hulett's  bt.    Tunbridge  Walks  and  Britannia 

— N.B.  Hulett  having  been  very  much  indisposed 

for  some  time  before  his  benefit  in  March  last,   had 

not  the  opportunity  of  waiting  on  his    friends,  so 

VOL.   III.  F  F 


434-  HAY.  1734. 

humbly  hopes  they  will  favour  him  with  their  com- 
pany this  night — being  positively  the  last  time   of 
acting  this  season.     (From  my  own  Bills.') 

Mrs.   Thurmond  at  the   beginning   of  the  next 
season  returned  to  D.  L. 


HAY.  1734. 

Don  Quixote  in  England  C.  in  3  acts  with  songs. 
Don  Quixote  —  Roberts :  Sancho  =  Mullart :  Squire 
Badger  =  Macklin :  Fairlove  =  Warwell :  Sir  Thomas 
Loveland  =  Machen  :  Guzzle  =  Jones  :  Brief  (a  law- 
yer) =  Topham  :  Dr.  Drench  =  Hallam :  Dorothea 
(daughter  to  Sir  Thomas)  =  Miss  Atherton  :  Jezebel 
(her  woman)  =  Mrs.  Hide  :  Mrs.  Guzzle  =  Mrs.  Mar- 
tin : — the  scene  lies  at  an  Inn,  of  which  Guzzle  is  the 
landlord — he  threatens  to  arrest  Don  Quixote  for  his 
bill — Fairlove  and  Dorothea  are  mutually  in  love- 
lier father  means  to  marry  her  to  Squire  Badger, 
whom  he  has  not  seen — she  comes  to  the  inn  to 
meet  Fairlove  --  Fairlove  not  being  arrived,  she 
amuses  herself  with  the  humours  of  Don  Quixote 
arid  Sancho — she  dresses  up  Jezebel  as  Dulcinea— 
Don  Quixote  believes  her  to  be  Dulcinea — Dorothea 
presents  herself  to  Don  Quixote  as  an  unhappy 
princess — he  takes  her  under  his  protection — at  the 


HAY.  1734. 

conclusion,  Sir  Thomas  finds  the  Squire  to  be  a 
drunken  brute,  and  gives  his  daughter  to  Fairlove— , 
Don  Quixote,  Sancho  and  Squire  Badger  are  good 
characters — but  on  the  whole  this  is  only  a  moderate 
piece — Fielding  says  in  his  preface — "  that  it  was 
"  begun  in  1728,  but  laid  aside,  and  that  at  the  soli- 
"  citations  of  the  distressed  actors  at  D.  L.  he  had 
"  revised  it  with  additions— being  thus  altered  it  was 
"  often  rehearsed  at  that  theatre,  and  a  particular 
"  day  appointed  for  its  action ;  but  the  Giant  Caja- 
"  nus,  of  a  race  who  were  always  enemies  to  our  poor 
"  Don,  deferred  his  appearance  so  long,  that  the  inter- 
"  vention  of  the  actors'  benefits  would  have  put  it  off 
"  to  the  next  season,  if  he  had  not  brought  it  out  at 
"  the  Hay." — at  seems  to  have  been  acted  about 
April  after  the  return  of  the  Seceders  to  D.  L. 

Congreve  in  his  life  of  Macklin  says — "  on  the 
"  return  of  the  principal  actors  to  D.  L.  (March  12 
"  1734)  Macklin  became  no  longer  serviceable,  he 
"  therefore  joined  a  company  under  Fielding  at  the 
"  Hay. — at  the  beginning  of  the  season  1734-1735 
"  he  was  engaged  by  Fleetwood  at  D.  L.  and  made 
"  his  first  appearance  as  Poins  " — this  seems  correct ; 
as  it  accounts  for  Macklin's  acting  Squire  Badger  ; 
and  as  his  name  does  not  appear  at  D.  L.  after  March 
12,  except  for  Bridgewater's  bt. 


FF  2 


436  D.  L.   1734-1735. 


D.   L.   1734-1735. 

Sep.  7-  Love  for  Love.  Valentine  =  Milward  : 
Sir  Sampson  =  Harper :  Angelica  =  Mrs.  Thurmond : 
Miss  Prue^Mrs.  Clive. 

10.  Othello.  Othello  =  Quin,  being  his  1  st  appear- 
ance there  for  16  years  :  Iago  =  W.  Mills  :  Cassio  = 
Gibber  Jun. :  Brabantio  =  Milward :  Roderigo  = 
Miller:  Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Thurmond:  Emilia  = 
Mrs.  Butler  : — Fleetwood  prevailed  on  Quin  to  come 
to  D.  L.  by  an  offer  of  £500  a  year,  instead  of  £300 
which  he  received  from  Rich — Quin  offered  to  stay 
at  C.  G.  for  a  less  sum  j  but  Rich  declared  no  actor 
was  worth  more  than  £300  per  ann.  (Davies.) 

12.  Amphitryon.  Jupiter  =  Mills:  Sosia  =  Harper : 
Mercury  =  Shepherd  :  Alcmena  =  Mrs.  Thurmond: 
Phaedra  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

14.  Cato.  Cato  =  Quin  :  Portius  =  Milward  : 
Sempronius  =  Mills  :  Syphax  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Marcia 
=  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

24.  Henry  4th.  Falstaff  =  Quin  :  Hotspur  =  Mil- 
ward  :  King  =  Mills  :  Northumberland  =  Boman  : 
Glendower  =  Gibber  Jun.  :  Poins  =  Macklin  :  Gads- 
hill  =  Este. 

26.  Committee.  Abel  =  Macklin  :  Mrs.  Chat  = 
Mrs.  Willis. 

28.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn  =  Milward  :  King 
=  Mills  :  Gonzalez  =  Quin  :  Garcia  =  Gibber  Jun. : 
Zara  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Almeria  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

Oct.  3.  Old  Batchelor  =  Quin  :  Sir  Joseph  Wittol 
=  M'dler:  Fondlewife  =  Griffin  :  Noll  Bluff  =  John- 


D.  L.   1734-1735.  437 

son :  Sharper  =  Milward :  Leetitia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond : 
Silvia  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Charke. 

8.  M iser.    Frederick  =  M il ward  :  Ramilie  =  Mech- 
lin  : — with  Mock  Doctor.     Davy  =  Mechlin. 

9.  Spanish  Fryar.     Dominic  —  Quin  :   Gomez  = 
Griffin  :  Torrismond  =  Milward  :  Bertran  =  Mills  : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Thurmond:  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

12.  Unhappy  Favourite.  Essex  =  Mil  ward:  Bur- 
leigh  =  Quin :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Butler :  Rutland  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond  : — with  Columbine  Courtezan.  Colum- 
bine =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Columbine's  Maid  =  Mrs.  Prit- 
chard. 

14.  Henry  8th.  King  =  Harper:  Wolsey  =  Mills : 
Buckingham  =  W.  Mills  :  Cranmer  —  Milward  :  Gar- 
diner =  Johnson  :  Surrey  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Lord  Sands 
=  Miller  :  Suffolk  —  Boman  :  Campeius  =  Shephard : 
Capucius  —  Turbutt :  Dr.  Butts  =  Griffin  :  Queen  = 
Mrs.  Thurmond:  Anne  Bullen  =  Miss  Holliday. 

17.  Relapse.  Lord  Foppington  =  Gibber  Jun. : 
Loveless  —  Milward :  Sir  Tunbelly  —  Shephard : 
Worthy  =  M  ills  :  Surgeon  =  Griffin:  Shoemaker  = 
Miller:  Coupler  =  Johnson :  Berinthia=  Mrs.  Heron: 
Amanda  =  Mrs.  Butler:  Miss  Hoyden  =  Mrs.  Charke. 

19.  Mother  in  Law.  Primrose  =  Mrs.  Clive:  Agnes 
=  little  Miss  Cole,  her  1st  appearance  there. 

21.  Provoked  Husband.    Lady  Wronghead  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond  :    Miss  Jenny  =  Mrs.   Clive  : — with  the 
Harlot's  Progress.     Beau  Mordecai  =  Sal  way:  Kitty 
=  Mrs.  Clive  :  Madam  Decoy  =  Mr.  Turbutt :  Ladies 
of  Pleasure  =  Mrs.  Pritchard,  &c. 

22.  Tempest,  or  the  Enchanted  Island.     Prospero 
=  Mills :  Ferdinand  -  W.  Mills :  Caliban  =  Johnson : 
Trincalo  =  M  iller  :  Stephano  =  Shephard :  M  ustacho 


438  D.  L.   1734-1735. 

=  Macklin  :  Hippolito  =  Miss  Holliday  :  Ariel  = 
YouDg  Master  Arne  :  Dorinda  =  Mrs.  Clive :  Mi- 
randa =  Mrs.  Walter :  Sycorax  =  Mr.  Jones :  Neptune 
=  Salway  :  Milcha  =  Mr.  Roberts  :  Amphitrite  = 
Mrs.  Cantrell :  Watermen  =  Harper,  &c. 

23.  Rule  a  Wife.     Leon  =  Mills:  Copper  Captain 
=  W.  Mills  :  Cacafogo  =  Harper :  Estifania  =  Mrs. 
Heron  :    Margarita  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Old  Woman  r= 
Mr.  Griffin. 

24.  Venice  Preserved.     Jaffier  =  Milward  :  Pierre 
=  Mills  :  Renault  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Priuli  =  Boman  : 
Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Thurmond  : — with  Devil  to  Pay. 
Jobson  =  Harper :    Sir  John    Loverule  =  Salway : 
Nell  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Lady  Loverule  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

25.  Conscious  Lovers.     Bevil  Jun.  =  Quin  :  Tom 
=  CibberJun.  :  Myrtle  =  W.  Mills:  Sealandn  Mil- 
ward  :  Sir  John  Bevil  =  Mills:  Humphry  —  Shepherd: 
Indiana  =  Mrs.  Heron:  Phillis =  Mrs.  Clive :  Lucinda 
=  Miss  Holliday  :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

26.  Richard  3d  =  Quin:    Henry  6th  =  Milward  : 
Buckingham  =  Mills  :    Richmond  —  Gibber   Jun.  : 
Norfolk  —  Boman  :  Lord  Mayor  =  Harper :  Queen  = 
Mrs.  Thurmond:  Lady  Anne = Mrs.  Heron  :  Duchess 
of  York  -  Mrs.  Butler. 

31.  Rehearsal.  B ayes  =  Gibber  Sen.  : — this  seems 
to  have  been  Colley  Gibber's  first  appearance,  after 
he  had  retired  from  the  stage.  (From  my  own  Bills.} 

Nov.  4.  Tamerlane  =  Quin  :  Bajazet  =  Mills  : 
M  oneses  =  Mil  ward  :  Axalla  —  Gibber  Jun.  :  Arpasia 
=  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

8.  Not  acted  8  years,  Julius  Ca?sar.  Brutus  = 
Quin:  Antony  =  M  ilvvard  :  Cassius  =  Mills:  Julius 
Caesar  =  W.  Mills  :  Cas£a  =  Gibber  Jun.  :  Octavius 


D.  L.    1734-1735. 

;=Salway:  Artemidorus  =  Shepherd:  Trebonius  = 
Winstone  :  Caius  Ligarius  =  Boman  :  Citizens  = 
Johnson,  Miller,  Griffin,  Harper,  Macklin,  and  others: 
Calphurnia  =  Mrs.  Butler:  Portia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond: 
-By  his  Majesty's  command  no  persons  to  be  ad- 
mitted behind  the  scenes — acted  5  times  successively 
and  twice  afterwards. 

Nov.  14.  At  the  particular  desire  of  several  Ladies 
of  Quality.  Careless  Husband.  Lord  Foppington 
=  Gibber  Sen  :— no  other  character  is  mentioned  in 
the  bill — this  was  a  compliment  generally  paid  to 
Colley  Gibber  after  his  return  to  the  stage. 

16.  Double  Gallant.  Atall  =  Gibber  —  probably 
Jun. : — Sir  Solomon  Sadlife  =  Johnson  :  Careless  — 
W.  Mills:  CIerimont  =  Milward:  Wilful  =  Miller :  Sir 
Harry  Atall  =  Shepherd  :  Finder  =  Berry  :  Dr.  Bolus 
=  Harper  :  Capt.  Strut  =  Macklin  :  Lady  Sadlife  = 
Mrs.  Heron  :  Lady  Dainty  =  Mrs.  Butler:  Clarinda 
=  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Sylvia  =  Miss  Holliday  :  Wish- 
well  =  Mrs.  Shireburn  : — with  Intriguing  Chamber- 
maid. 

20.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Don  Cholerick  —  Miller : 
Clodio  —  Gibber  Jun.  :  Carl  os  =  Mil  ward  :  Sancho=: 
Macklin  :  Angelina  =  Miss  Holliday:  Louisa  =  Mrs. 
Charke  :  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

22.  Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry  Wildair  =  Gib- 
ber Jun.:  Clincher  Sen.  =  Miller:  Clincher  Jun.  = 
Macklin  :  Dicky  —  Young  Master  Arne  :  Lady  Lure- 
well  =  Mrs.  Heron. 

25.  Never  acted,  Junius  Brutus.  Brutus  — Mills  : 
Titus  (his  son)  =  Mil  ward  :  Messala  (secretly  in  the 
interest  of  Tarquin)  =  Gibber  Jun.  :  Caelius  (ambas- 
sador from  Porsenna)  =  W.  Mills:  Valerius  Popli- 


440  D.  L.    1734-1735. 

cola  =  Berry:  Lucia  (daughter  to  Tarquin)  =  Mrs. 
Heron  :  Hortensia  (her  confidant) =Mrs.  Pritchard : — 
acted  7  or  8  times — Titus  and  Lucia  are  mutually  in 
love — Titus  is  distracted  between  his  love  for  Lucia, 
and  his  love  for  his  country — at  last  he  joins  the  con- 
spiracy in  favour  of  Tarquin — Brutus  condemns  him 
as  Consul,  and  forgives  him  as  his  father — Messala 
kills  himself — this  is  a  cold  and  uninteresting  T.  by 
Duncombe — it  is  professedly  taken  from  Voltaire, 
with  some  alteration,  particularly  in  the  5th  act ;  in 
the  French  play  the  heroine's  death  is  related,  in  the 
English  play  she  kills  herself  on  the  stage,  after  an 
additional  love  scene  with  Titus — Titus  is  represent- 
ed as  indignant  because  the  Senate  would  not  allow 
him  to  stand  for  the  Consulship  before  the  legal  age 
— this  is  a  gross  absurdity — Tiberius  is  not  one  of  the 
D.  P. — but  Valerius  says  of  him  that  he  chose  to  die 
fighting  rather  than  surrender  himself — this  is  a 
foolish  perversion  of  a  well  known  fact — at  p.  25 
Brutus  says  the  Senators— 

"  Have  heap'd  no  wealth,  tho'  hoary  grown  in 
"  honours." 

At  p.  28  Messala  says  of  the  Senators — 

"  On  crowns  they  trample  with  superiour  pride ; 
"  They  haughtily  affect  the  pomp  of  princes." 

These  speeches  are  highly  improper,  as  the  play 
takes  place  in  the  first  year  of  the  Roman  Republic 

Voltaire,  in  his  dedication  to  Lord  Bolingbroke 

says — "  \Ve  were  both  surprised,  that  this  subject, 
"  so  peculiarly  adapted  to  your  stage,  should  not  have 
"  been  treated  by  any  English  author" — he  adds  in  a 
note — "  There  is  a  Brutus  by  an  author  whose  name 


D.  L.   1734-1735.  441 

"  is  Lee  ;  but  it  is  a  piece  not  known,  and  never 
"  acted  in  London" — here  we  have  two  mistakes  in 
one  short  sentence. 

Dec.  2.  Gibber  Sen.  acted  Sir  John  Brute. 

3.  Alchemist.  Abel  Drugger^:  Gibber  Jun.:  Sub- 
tle =  W.  Mills  :  Dol  Common  =  Mrs.  Charke. 

6.  Not  acted  30  years,  Merry  Wives  of  Windsor. 
Falstaff  =  Quin  :  Ford  =  Milward  :  Sir  Hugh  Evans 
=  Griffin  :  Dr.  Caius  =  Harper  :  Slender  =  Gibber 
Jun. :  Shallow  =  Johnson  :  Host  =  Miller :  Page 
=  Berry  :  Fenton  =  Este  :  Bardolph  =  Shepherd  : 
Si mple  =  Young  Master  Arne  :  Robin  =  Young  Mas- 
ter Green  :  Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Mrs.  Page  = 
Mrs.  Butler  :  Mrs.  Quickly  =  Mrs.  Shireburn  :  Anne 
Page  =  Miss  Holliday  :— acted  5  times  successively. 

13.  Tender   Husband.      Capt.   Clerimont   =   W. 
Mills  :  Pounce  =  Shepherd  :  Tipkin  =  Griffin  :  Bid- 
dy Tipkin  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Mrs.  Clerimont  =  Miss 
Holliday :  Fainlove  =  Mrs.  Charke  :  Aunt  =  Mrs. 
Shireburn. 

14.  Recruiting    Officer.       Plume  =  W.    Mills  : 
Brazen  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Balance  =  Quin :  Worthy 
=   Milward  :  Kite   =   Harper  :  Bullock  =  Miller : 
Thomas  Appletree  =  Macklin  :  Sylvia  =  M  rs.  Thur- 
mond :  Meliilda=  Mrs.  Butler:  Rose  =  Miss  Holli- 
day: Lucy  =  Miss  Mann  :  with,  2d  time,   a  Panto- 
mime called  Merlin,  or  the  Devil  at  Stone-Henge. 
Merlin  =  Laguerre:  2  Spirits  =  Gibber  Jun.  and  Mrs. 
Clive  :  Farmer  =  Macklin  :  Italian  Lady  =  Mrs.  Gib- 
ber :  Country  Lass  =  Mrs.  Clive  : — Boxes  5s — Pit  3s 
— 1st  Gallery  2s.  —  2d  Gallery  Is — No  money  under 
the  full  price  to  be  taken  during  the  whole  time  of 
the  performance — the  advanced  money  to  be  return- 


442  D.  L.  1734-1735. 

ed  to  those  who  go  out  before  the  Overture  of  the 
Entertainment  begins. 

16.  Old  Batchelor 26.  Cato. 

Some  few  bills  are  missing  about  this  time. 

Jan.  3.  Oronooko.  Oronooko  =  Mil  ward  :  Aboan 
=  Quin  :  Capt.  Driver  =  Harper :  Daniel  =  Gibber 
Jun. :  Imoindarr  Mrs.  Thurmond  :  Widow  Lackitrr 
Mrs.  Shireburn  :  Chariot  Welldon  —  Mrs.  Charke  : 
Lucy  Welldon  =  Miss  Mann. 

6.  Venice  Preserved.  Pierre  =  Quin: — with  a  new 
Farce  called  an  Old  Man  taught  Wisdom,  or  the  Virgin 
Unmasked.  Coupee  —  Laguerre :  Quaver  —  Sal  way  : 
Blister = Harper:  Wormwood  =  Macklin :  Goodwill  = 
Shepherd  :  Thomas  •=.  Este  :  Miss  Lucy  —  Mrs.  Cli ve : 
—  this  is  a  ballad  F.  by  Fielding — it  is  a  mere  trifle, 
without  plot  or  incident,  but  it  is  certainly  well  writ- 
ten and  has  some  good  strokes  of  humour — it  was 
acted  with  success. 

8.  Unhappy  Favourite.  Queen  Elizabeth  =  Mrs. 
Porter. 

9  and  10.  Sir  Courtly  Nice  =  Gibber  Sen.:— N.  B. 
this  bill  is  in  Manuscript  only  and  Sen.  is  omitted— 
but  there  is  a  printed  paragraph  which  says  Gibber 
Sen.  is  to  play  Sir  Courtly  Nice  on  Thursday. 

13.  Never  acted,  Christian  Hero.  Turks — Amu- 
rath  (the  Sultan)  =  Quin  :  Mahomet  (his  son)  =  W. 
Mills  :  Osmyn  (the  Vizier)  =  Berry  :  Hellena  (daugh- 
ter to  Amurath  and  in  love  with  Scanderbeg)  =  Mrs. 
Thurmond  :  Cleora  (her  confidant)  =  Mrs.  Pritchard : 

Christians — Scanderbeg  •=.  Mil  ward  :   Aranthes 

=  Mills:  Amasie  =  Gibber  Jun.:  Althea  —  Mrs. 
Butler:— the  scene  lies  near  Croia,  the  metropolis 
of  Albania — Croia  is  besieged  by  Amurath — A  ran- 


D.L.  1734-1735.  443 

thes,  the  prince  of  Durazzo,  with  his  daughter 
Althea,  falls  into  the  hands  of  the  Turks — Scander- 
beg  and  Althea  are  mutually  in  love — Amurath 
hopes  that  Scanderbeg's  friendship  for  Aranthes  and 
his  love  for  Althea,  will  induce  him  to  make  peace 
on  dishonourable  terms — Scanderbeg  is  distracted — 
Aranthes  and  Althea  wish  him  to  continue  firm, 
whatever  the  result  may  be  to  themselves — Amasie 
is  a  relation  to  Scanderbeg — he  had  joined  the  Turks, 
and  turned  Mahometan — in  the  3d  act,  he  comes  to 
Scanderbeg,  and  plays  the  hypocrite  so  well,  that 
Scanderbeg  forgives  him — Amasie's  object  is  to 
assassinate  Scanderbeg — Hellena  becomes  acquainted 
with  his  design — her  love  for  Scanderbeg  prompts 
her  to  prevent  it — for  this  purpose  she  and  Cleora 
come  to  Scanderbeg's  camp  disguised  as  men — one 
of  Scanderbeg's  officers  suspects  Hellena  to  be  a  spy, 
and  gives  her  a  mortal  Vvound — before  her  death  she 
puts  Scanderbeg  on  his  guard  against  Amasie — in 
the  5th  act  Scanderbeg  attacks  the  Turkish  camp  — 
Amurath  had  ordered  Aranthes  and  Althea  to  be  put 
to  death — just  as  Althea  is  about  to  drink  the  poison 
which  she  is  compelled  to  take,  Scanderbeg  rushes  in 
and  rescues  her — Amurath  is  taken  prisoner — Scan- 
derbeg gives  him  his  liberty,  and  places  Amasie  in 
his  power — Amurath  orders  Amasie  to  be  impaled 
alive — Amurath  dies — this  T.  was  written  by  Lillo— 
it  was  acted  4  times— it  is  on  the  whole  a  good  play, 
and  deserved  a  much  better  fate — it  is  decidedly  the 
best  of  the  3  Tragedies  written  on  the  story  of  Scan- 
derbeg— a  life  of  Scanderbeg  was  printed — it  was 
inscribed  to  the  spectators  of  the  Christian  Hero— 
another  life  of  Scanderbeg  was  prefixed  to  Whiucop's 


444  D.  L.  1734-1735. 

play — from   which   it  appears,  that  John  Castriot, 
King  of  Epirus  and  Albania,  was  forced  by  Amu- 
rath  to  send  his  4  sons  to  Adrianople  as  hostages- 
George  the  youngest  of  them,  to  whom  the  Turks 
afterwards  gave  the  name  of  Scanderbeg  or  Alexander 
the  Great,  was  at  that  time  but  8  years  old — Amu- 
rath  was  so  pleased  with  him,  that  he  had  him  care- 
fully educated,  and  in  process  of  time  promoted  him 
to  high  offices — John  Castriot  died — Amurath  seized 
on  his  dominions,  and  secretly  poisoned  his  3  eldest 
sons — he  strove  by  bestowing  fresh  favours  on  Scan- 
derbeg to  extinguish   the    memory   of  the  wrongs 
which  he  had  done  to  his  family — but  all  the  honours 
bestowed  on  Scanderbeg  could  not  erase  from  his 
mind  the  love  of  his  native  country — a  favourable 
opportunity  occurred,  and  Scanderbeg  rescued  Epirus 
and  Albania  from  the  Turks,  after  having  defeated 
them  in  several  battles — he  dred  a  natural  death   in 
1467,  and  at  the  age  of  63 — Gibbon  says  he  was  40 
when  he  set  up  for  independence,  so  that  the  love 
introduced  in  the  Tragedies,  is  not  only  inconsistent 
with  Scanderbeg's  general  character,  but  with  his 
time  of  life — Lillo's  love  scenes  are  the  worst  part 
of  his  play,  but  he  does  not  give  us  such  a  nauseating 
dose  of  them  as  Havard  and  Whincop  do — Gibbon's 
account  of  Scanderbeg  is  much  less  favourable  than 
the  preceding  histories — Scanderbeg,  who  had  turned 
Christian,    was   not   likely  to  be  a    favourite  with 
Gibbon — Amasie  is  a  real  character — he  deserted 
Scanderbeg,   and  fled  to  Adrianople — he  was  ever 
after  a  concealed  traitor  or  an  open  enemy  to  Scan- 
derbeg— Lillo's  T.   contains   many  just  sentiments 
well  expressed — Scanderbeg  says— 


D.L.   1734-1735.  Ho 

"  Despotick  power,  that  root  of  bitterness, 

"  That  tree  of  death  that  spreads  its  baleful  arms 

"  Almost  from  pole  to  pole,  beneath  whose  cursed 

"  shade, 

"  No  good  thing  thrives,  and  ev'ry  ill  finds  shelter ; 
"  Had  found  no  time  for  its  detested  growth, 
"  But  for  the  follies  and  the  crimes  of  men,"  &c. 

17.  Conscious  Lovers,  with  Old  Man  taught  Wis- 
dom. Bookish  =  Berry  : — at  the  end  of  the  2d  act 
of  the  play,  the  Black  Joke  by  Nivelon  and  Miss 
Mann — in  the  modern  editions  of  this  Farce,  as  the 
Virgin  Unmasked,  the  character  of  Wormwood  is 
printed,  but  marked  as  omitted  in  representation — 
that  of  Bookish  is  not  even  re-printed — the  author 
in  the  1st  edition  says — "  N.B.  whereas  the  audience 
"  expressed  a  dislike  to  one  particular  character,  it 
"  has  been  since  entirely  omitted  in  representation" 
&c. — Bookish  is  far  from  a  bad  character,  and  Field- 
ing was  quite  right  in  not  omitting  the  part  when  he 
printed  his  piece. 

Bookish  says—"  I  shall  throw  myself  at  no  woman's 
"  feet,  for  I  look  on  myself  as  the  superior  of  the 
"  two." 

Lucy.  What,  do  you  think  yourself  better  than  me? 

Bookish.  Touching  the  sex  I  do,  most  certainly — 
These  were  probably  the  speeches  which  gave  offence; 
but  which  could  not  have  given  offence  to  any  woman 
of  good  sense — when  women  take  offence  at  such  re- 
marks as  these,  they  give  the  strongest  proof  of  the 
inferiority  of  their  understanding. 

20.  Way  of  the  World.  Mirabell  =  Milward :  Fain- 
all  =  W.  Mills:  W itwoud  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Sir  Wilful 


44-6  D.  L.   1734-1735. 

Witwoud  =  Harper :  Petulant  =  Macklin  :  Waitvvell 
=  Shepherd  :  Millamant  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Lady  Wish- 
fort  =  Mrs.  Shireburn :  Mrs.  Marwood  =  Mrs.  Butler  : 
Mrs.  Fainall  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Foible  =  Miss  Mann. 

22.  All  for  Love.  Antony  =  Mil  ward  :  Ventidius  = 
=  Quin:  Dolabella  =  W.  Mills:  Cleopatra  =  Mrs.  He- 
ron :  Octavia  =  Mrs.  Butler  : — with  a  new  piece  called 
the  Plot.    Dr.  Chronos  =  Harper:    Dr.  Mildman  = 
Shepherd  :     Undertaker  =  Macklin :     English  Lady 
=  Mrs.  Pritchard :   Nurse  =  Mrs.  Willis  : — this  is  a 
temporary  trifle,  interspersed  with  songs — the  greater 
part  of  it  is  written  in  what  the  author  calls  Tragiti- 
tive — the  Physicians  are  much  alarmed  at  the  success 
of  one  Ward,  whose  drops  and  pills  seem  at  this 
time  to  have  been  in  vogue — the  Prologue  is  much 
better  than  the  piece  itself — it  is  called  in  the  manu- 
script bill  a  Pantomime,  but  it  is  not  so  called  in 
the  titlepage — an  English  and  French  Harlequin  are 
two  of  the  D.  P. — but  there  is  no  Pantomime  in  the 
piece  as  printed. 

23.  By  their  Majesties'  command — for  Mrs.  Por- 
ter's bt.     Fatal  Marriage.     Biron  =  Quin  :    Villeroy 
=  W.  Mills :   Count  Baldwin  =  Boman :    Carlos  = 
Cibber  Jun. :    Fernando  =  Griffin  :   Jaqueline  =  Mil- 
ler :    Sampson  =  Harper :    Isabella  =  Mrs.  Porter  : 
Victoria  =  Mrs.  Thurmond :  Julia  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : 
Nurse  rr  Mrs.  Shireburn  : — to  begin  exactly  at  six- 
pit  and  boxes  at  5s. 

25.  Provoked  Husband — 28.  Wit  without  Money. 

27.  Man  of  the  Mode.  Sir  Fopling  Flutter  =  Cib- 
ber Sen.  : — no  other  character  in  the  bill. 

29.  Scornful  Lady.  Elder  Loveless  =  W.  Mills  : 
Savil  =  Johnson  :  Welford  =  Mil  ward  :  Sir  Rogers 


D.  L.   1734-1735.  447 

Griffin :  Morecraft  —  Shepherd :  Lady  =  Mrs.  Heron  : 
Abigails  Mrs.  Willis. 

31.  Careless  Husband.  Lord  Foppington  =  Gib- 
ber Sen. 

Feb.  4.  Country  Wife.  Horner  =  W.  Mills :  Pinch- 
wife  —  Quin  :  Sparkish  =  Gibber  Jun.  :  Sir  Jasper 
Fidget  =  Griffin  :  Harcourt  =  M  ills  :  Quack  =  Shep- 
herd :  Mrs.  Pinchwife  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Lady  Fidget  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard :  Alithea  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

7.  At  the  desire  of  several  persons  of  Quality, 
Henry  8th — this  bill  is  printed  with  peculiar  careless- 
ness— the  name  of  the  play  and  the  part  of  Queen 
Katharine  are  omitted — at  the  bottom  of  the  bill  for 
Feb.  6  Mrs.  Porter  was  announced  for  Queen  Ka- 
tharine. 

10.  Never  acted,  Universal  Gallant,  or  the  Differ- 
ent Husbands.  Mondish  =  Quin  :  Capt.  Spark  = 
Gibber  Jun.  :  Sir  Simon  Raffler  =  Griffin :  Col.Raf- 
fler  =  Harper  :  Gaylove  =  W.  Mills  :  Mrs.  Raffler  = 
Mrs.  Heron  :  Lady  Raffler  =  Mrs.  Butler:  Clarinda 
=Miss  Holliday  : — acted  3  times — the  Universal  Gal- 
lant is  Capt.  Spark — he  is  much  more  fond  of  the  re- 
putation of  an  amour  than  of  the  reality — the  Dif- 
ferent Husbands  are  Sir  Simon  and  the  Colonel — 
Sir  Simon  is  perpetually  jealous — the  Colonel  has  a 
high  opinion  of  his  wife's  virtue — she  and  Mondish 
had  been  on  a  footing  of  intimacy — Sir  Simon  writes 
a  letter  to  Spark  in  his  wife's  name — Spark  drops 
the  letter  purposely  so  that  Mondish  may  find  it — at 
the  appointed  time  Sir  Simon  dresses  himself  as  a 
woman — Spark  in  the  dark  mistakes  him  for  Lady 
Raffler — but  instead  of  making  use  of  the  opportu- 
nity, he  talks  about  indifferent  matters,  and  is  impa- 


448  D.  L.  1734-1735. 

tient  for  Mondish  to  interrupt  them — Mondish  and 
Lady  Raffler  enter  with  a  light — Spark  is  laughed 
at  by  Colonel  Raffler,  who  had  overheard  what  had 
passed  between  him  and  Sir  Simon — Gaylove  mar- 
ries Clarinda — this  C.  was  written  by  Fielding — the 
first  4  acts  are  very  dull — the  5th  is  tolerably  good— 
the  Gent.'s  Magazine  says  that  the  audience  sat  quiet 
till  the  3d  act  was  almost  over,  in  hopes  the  play 
would  mend,  but  finding  it  grew  worse  and  worse, 
they  lost  all  patience,  and  not  an  expression  or  a  sen- 
timent afterwards  passed  without  its  deserved  cen- 
sure. 

24.  Junius  Brutus — for  the  Author. 

25.  Richard  3d.     Richard  =  Quin  :    Queen  =  Mrs. 
Porter  :  with,  never  acted,  Cure  for  a  Scold.    Manly 
(Petruchio)  =  Mecklin  :    Archer  (Grumio)  —  Salway  : 
Sir  William  Worthy  =  Shepherd :    Gainlove  =  Cross : 
Heart  well  =  Este  :  Physician  =  Harper  :  Peg  (Katha- 
rina)=:Mrs.  Clive  :  Flora  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :   Lucy=: 
Mrs.  Cross  : — this  is  a  ballad  Farce  by  Worsdale,  who 
was  a  portrait-painter — it  is  a  very  bad  alteration  of 
the  Taming  of  a  Shrew — in  the  titlepage  Worsdale 
professes  to  have  founded  his  piece  on  Shakspeare's 
play,  but  in  reality  he  has  stolen  the  greater  part  of 
the  dialogue  from  Sauny  the  Scot — either  verbatim, 
or  with  slight  changes. 

26.  For  the  bt.  of  S\viny.     Old  Batchelor.     Fon- 
dlewife  =  Cibber  Sen. : — the  other  characters  are  in 
this  bill — the  pit  and  boxes  were  laid  together,  and 
part  of  the  stage  was  formed  into  boxes—  —Gibber's 
conduct  in  acting  for  his  old  friend  does  him  credit. 

27.  Busy  Body.      Marplot  =  Gibber   Jun.  :     Sir 
Francis  Gripe  =  Griffin  :    Sir   George    Airy  =  W. 


D.  L.   1734-1735.  11!) 

Mills:  Sir  Jealous  Traffick  =  Shepherd  :  Charles  = 
Este  :  Whisper  =  Mackliri :  Miranda  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
Patch  =  Mrs.  Pritchard :  Isabinda  =  Miss  Holliday  : 
— with  Cure  for  a  Scold  2d  time. 

March  6.  Never  acted,  Man  of  Taste,  or  the 
Guardians.  Sir  Positive  Bubble  (Guardian  to  Do- 
rinda)  =  Griffin  :  Freelove  (his  brother — Guardian  to 
Angelica)  =  Mills  :  Valentine  (in  love  with  Dorinda) 
Milward  :  Sir  Humphrey  Henpeck  (father  to  Maria 
and  uncle  to  Dorothea)  =  Harper  :  Harcourt  (repul- 
sed by  Maria)  =  W.  Mills  :  Martin  (his  servant- 
encouraged  by  Maria  as  Lord  Apemode)  =  Gibber 
Jun. :  Horatio  (repulsed  by  Dorothea)  =  Este  :  Rey- 
nard (his  servant — encouraged  by  Dorothea  as  Col. 
Cockade)  =  Miller  :  Lady  Henpeck  (a  pretender  to 
learning)  =  Mrs.  Cross :  Maria  and  Dorothea  (pre- 
tenders to  taste  and  politeness)  =  Mrs.  Clive  and 
Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Dorinda  (in  love  with  Valentine)  = 
Mrs.  Thurmond:  Angelica  =  Miss  Holliday: — this 
C.  is  attributed  to  James  Miller — it  is  on  the  whole 
a  good  play — it  is  professedly  taken  from  Moliere, 
but  with  some  alteration — Miller  has  consolidated 
the  Romantick  Ladies  and  the  School  for  Husbands 
— the  characters  of  Harcourt,  Horatio,  Martin,  Rey- 
nard, Maria,  and  Dorothea  are  from  the  former 
play — the  characters  of  Sir  Positive  Bubble,  Free- 
love,  Valentine,  Dorinda,  and  Angelica  are  from  the 
latter  —  Sir  Humphrey  and  Lady  Henpeck  are 
chiefly  from  the  Learned  Ladies — at  p.  24.  some  few 
short  speeches  are  borrowed  from  the  Countess  of 
Escarbagnas. 

10.  Mills' bt.  Hamlet.     Hamlet  =  Mills  :  Ghost  = 
Quin  :  King  =  Milward  :  Laertes  =  W.  Mills  :  Hora- 

VOL.  III.  G  G 


450  D.  L.  1734-1735. 

tio  =  Este :  Polonius  =  Griffin  :  Osrick  =  Gibber  Jun. : 
Gravedigger  =  Johnson :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Butler  : 
Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

13.  Quin's  bt.  Volpone.  Volpone  =  Quin :  Mosca 
=  W. Mills:  Corbaccio  =  Johnson :  Corvino  =  Mills  : 
Voltore  =  Milward  :  Sir  Politick  Wou'dbe  =  Griffin  : 
Lady  Wou'dbe  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Celia^Mrs.  Butler. 

22.  Mil  ward's  bt.  Not  acted  10  years,  Siege  of 
Damascus.     Phocyas  =  Milward  :    Caled  =  Quin  : 
Eumenes  =  Mills  :    Abudah  =  W.  Mills  :    Daran  =. 
Gibber  Jun. :  Eudocia  IT  Mrs.  Heron. 

24.  Mrs.  Clive  acted  Phillis  and  Miss  Lucy  for 
her  bt. 

April  11.  Harper's  bt.  Henry  4th  pt.  2d.     Falstaff 
—  Harper  :  Hostess  =  Mrs.  Cross :  Doll  Tearsheet  = 
Miss  Mann  : — rest    as  before — Harper  must  have 
been  much  mortified  at  being  obliged  to  resign  Fal- 
staff in  the  1st  part  to  Quin. 

14.  Miller's  bt.  Silent  Woman.     Sir  Amorous  La 
Foole  =  Miller  :    Truewit  =  W.  Mills:    Dauphirier= 
Milward  :   Epicoene  =  Mrs.  Butler  :    Mrs.  Otter  = 
Mrs.  Charke. 

21.  Mrs.  Butler's  bt.  Albion  Queens.  Norfolk  = 
W.  Mills  :  Morton  =  Mills  :  Davison  =  Milward : 
Queen  Mary  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Queen  Elizabeth  =  Mrs. 
Butler:  Dowglas  =  Mrs.  Charke. 

23.  Mrs.  Heron's  bt.  Provoked  Wife.     Sir  John 
Brute  =  Quin  :  Constant  =  Mills  :    Heartfree  =  W. 
Mills:  Razor  =  Gibber  Jun. :    Col.  Bully  =  Harper  : 
Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Clive  :    Lady  Brute  =  Mrs. 
Heron  :    Belinda  =  Mrs.  Butler  :    Mademoiselle  = 
Mrs.  Charke. 

25.  Careless  Husband.     Sir  Charles  Easy  =  W. 


D.L.  1734-1735.  451 

Mills :  Lord  Foppington  =  Cibber  Jun.  :  Lord  More- 
love  =  Mills  :  Lady  Betty  Modish  =  Mrs.  Heron : 
Lady  Easy  =  Mrs.  Butler:  Edging  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
Lady  Graveairs  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

28.  Miss  Holliday's  bt.  Rover.  Willmiore  =  W. 
Mills  :  Ned  Blunt  =  Cibber  Jun  :  Belville  =  Mills  : 
Hellena  =  Miss  Holliday  :  Angellica  =  Mrs.  Butler  : 
Florinda  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Callis  =  Mrs.  Willis. 

May  5.  By  command  of  his  Royal  Highness — for 
the  bt.  of  the  author  of  the  Farce.  All  for  Love,  and 
Cure  for  a  Scold.  Manly  (by  command)  by  the 
author,  for  that  night  only. 

6.  For  the  bt.  of  Coffey,  author  of  the  Devil  to 
Pay.    Rover,  with,  never  acted,  the  Merry  Cobler— 
being  the  2d  part  of  the  Devil  to  Pay  and  written  by 
the  author  of  the  1st  part.     Sir  John  Loverule  = 
Salway  :   Jobson  =  Harper :    Tony  (his  half-starved 
prentice)  =  Master  Arne  :    Sledge  (a  smith)  =  Win- 
stone  :  Snip  (a  tailor)  =  Macklin  :  Brass  (a  tinker) 
=  Turbut :  Nell  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Lady  Loverule  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard  :  Doll  (the  tinker's  trull)  =  Mrs.  Cross  : — 
Sir  John  wants  to  have  an  intrigue  with  Nell — he 
comes  to  Jobson's  disguised  as  the  Conjuror — Jobson 
beats  him — Lady  Loverule  is  described  in  the  D.  P. 
as  much  altered  for  the  better — Jobson  tells  her  of 
Sir  John's  attempt  on  Nell — and  wants  her  to  reta- 
liate on  him — she  pretends  to  comply  with  Jobson's 
proposal — in  the   last  scene,   Jobson   is   concealed 
under  a  table — Sir  John  makes  love  to  Nell — Jobson 
is  discovered — Lady  Loverule  laughs  at  him — and 

Nell  forgives  him this  little  piece  is  very  inferiour 

to  the  first  part. 

7.  For  bt.  of  Berry,  Mrs.  Felling,  and  Mrs.  Prit- 

G    G2 


452  D.  L.    1734-1735. 

chard.  Volpone.  Corvino  =  Berry :  Lady  Wou'dbe 
=  Mrs.  Pritchard  : — with  Flora.  Hob's  Mother  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard. 

10.  For  the  bt.  of  the  author  of  the  Farce.  Cato, 
with,  never  acted,  Trick  for  Trick.  Sancho  (servant 
to  Don  Fernand)  =  Macklin  :  Guzman  (servant  to 
Don  Lopes)  =  Hallam  :  Don  Lopes  (governor  of 
Sevil)  =  Berry :  Don  Fernand  =  Salway :  Don  Gar- 
cia =  Shepherd  :  Don  Diego  =  Turbutt :  Elvira 
(daughter  to  Don  Garcia)  =  Mrs.  Chantrill :  Eugenia 
(her  confidant)  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Estifania  =  Master 

Arne  : this  is  a  Farce  with  songs  by  Fabian — on 

the  whole  it  is  a  good  piece — the  bulk  of  the  plot  is 
taken  from  the  story  of  the  Prince  of  Mousel  in  the 
Persian  Tales — the  pretended  dinner  is  not  a  new 

invention,  but  borrowed  from  some  other  story 

this  Farce  was  acted  but  once,  in  consequence  of 
the  fatal  quarrel  between  Macklin  and  Thomas 
Hallam,  which  took  place  on  this  evening  ;  it  was 
about  a  wig,  that  Macklin  had  worn  the  night  before 
as  Sancho  in  Love  makes  a  Man,  and  which  Hallam 
had  then  gotten  to  play  Guzman  in — Macklin  ran 
a  stick  into  Hallam's  eye  in  the  scene  room,  in  con- 
sequence of  which  Hallam  died  the  next  day. 

May  16.  We  hear  that  Macklin  has  sent  a  letter 
to  a  principal  person  belonging  to  D.  L.  signifying 
his  great  sorrow,  and  his  intention  to  surrender 
himself  the  next  session  at  the  Old  Bailey. 

May  20.  Tickets  delivered  out  by  Macklin  cannot 
be  admitted  this  night. 

When  Macklin  was  tried,  the  Jury  found  a  verdict 
of  Manslaughter — Kirkmari  gives  a  circumstantial 
account  of  the  trial,  and  says  that  Macklin  on  his 


D.  L.   1734-1735.  4-53 

first  appearance  afterwards  was  received  with  great 
applause—  he  acted  Ramilie — Hallam's  death,  to  say 
the  least  of  it,  was  a  very  awkward  affair  on  Mack- 
lin's  part. 

It  has  been  observed  that  Thomas  Hallam  was  a 
near  relation  to  Mrs.  Mattocks — she  said  herself  (if 
I  am  not  mistaken)  that  he  was  a  relation,  but  she 
did  not  know  in  what  degree. 

May  14.  Chetwood's  bt.  Strategem.  Archer  = 
W.  Mills  :  Scrub  =  Gibber  Jun :  Aimwell  =  Milward  : 
Foigard  =  Miller  :  Boniface  =  Shepherd:  Sullen  = 
Quin  :  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Heron  :  Cherry  =.  Mrs. 
Clive:  Dorinda  =  Miss  Holliday. 

27.  Man  of  Taste — about  28th  time. 

June  3.  For  bt.  of  Arne  and  Allen,  Numberers, 
and  Wright.  Relapse. 

9.  (last  play)  Venice  Preserved.     Pierre  =  Mills. 

11.  For  the  bt.  of  Mr.  Odell  formerly  Master  of 
Goodman  Fields  Theatre.  Cato.  Decius  =  Boman  : 
with  Old  Man  taught  Wisdom — positively  the  last 
play,  till  the  Summer  Company  begins  tQ  act  in 
July. 


Summer. 

July  1.  London  Merchant.  George  Barn  well  = 
Cibber  Jun. :  Thorowgood  =  Milward:  Milwood  — 
Mrs.  Charke  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : — with  Mock 
Doctor.  Dorcas  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : — this  was  the 
only  performance — see  Hay.  Aug.  1. 

The  Daily  Post  for  June  26  says  that  the  Heroick 
Daughter  was  speedily  to  be  revived  by  the  Summer 


454  D.  L.  1734-1735. 

Company  at  D.  L. — the  character  of  Ximena  by  Mrs. 
Gibber  being  her  first  attempt  of  that  kind — at  the 
end  of  the  play  will  be  acted  a  new  ballad  Farce, 
called  the  Honest  Yorkshireman.  (Bills  from  B.  M.) 

The  London  Magazine  for  April  gives  the  case  of 
John  Mills,  Ben  Johnson,  James  Quin,  Josias 
Miller,  Theophilus  Gibber,  John  Harper,  Benjamin 
Griffin,  William  Mills,  William  Milward,  Charles 
Shepherd,  Thomas  Walker,  Lacy  Ryan,  John  Hip- 
pisley,  Dennis  Delane,  Thomas  Chapman,  Samuel 
Stephens,  Mary  Heron,  Elizabeth  Butler,  Christiana 
Horton,  Anne  Hallam,  Jane  Bullock  and  Elizabeth 
Buchanan — in  behalf  of  themselves  and  the  other 
Comedians  of  D.  L.  and  C.  G. 

They  state  that  if  the  bill  now  depending  in  Par- 
liament for  restraining  the  number  of  Playhouses, 
and  for  preventing  any  person  from  acting,  except 
under  the  three  Patents  should  pass  into  a  law,  it 
would  subject  them  to  the  arbitrary  will  of  any  per- 
sons, who  might  buy  the  Patents,  for  no  doubt  there 
may  be  soon  (as  has  heretofore  been  practiced)  Car- 
tels, as  they  call  them,  established  between  the 
Patentees,  that  one  house  should  never  receive  an 
actor,  who  had  left  the  other,  let  the  motive  be  ever 
so  just —  the  Patentees  may  thus  oblige  the  present 
actors  to  submit  to  the  hardest  terms,  or  reduce  them 
to  beggary  by  taking  from  them  the  exercise  of  their 
profession. 

They  add  that  John  Mills,  Johnson,  Miller,  Theo. 
Cibber,  Harper,  Griffin,  W.  Mills,  Milward,  Mrs. 
Heron  and  Mrs.  Butler  had  taken  a  lease  of  D.  L. 
for  15  years  at  a  rent  of  £920  per  Annum,  besides 
taxes  and  repairs — and  as  the  law  now  stands  they 


c.  G.  1734-- 1735.  4-55 

run  no  risk  j  but  should  the  bill  now  depending  pass 
into  a  law,  the  Patentees  may  go  to  another  house, 
and  the  Lessees  be  forced  to  pay  this  great  rent,  with- 
out daring  to  make  any  use  of  the  playhouse,  which 
must  end  in  their  ruin  :  they  therefore  hope  that  if 
the  bill  should  pass,  provision  may  be  made  for  their 
case,  they  being  as  much  entitled  to  be  protected  in 
the  rights  which  they  now  by  law  enjoy,  as  the  Pa- 
tentees. 

Victor  and  Davies  do  not  say  a  syllable  of  this 
agreement  between  the  actors  and  Fleetwood — it  was 
perhaps  never  put  into  execution. 


C.  G.  1734-1735. 

Sep.  18.  Hamlet.  Hamlet  =  Ryan  :  Ghost  = 
Walker :  Polonius  —  Hippisley  :  Osrick  =  Chapman : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Ophelia  =  Miss  Binks. 

20.  Love  makes  a  Man,  with  Lottery.  Jack  Stocks 
=  Chapman  :  Cloe  =  Miss  Norsa. 

23.  Strategem.     Cherry  =  Miss  Binks. 

25.  Love's  last  Shift.     Elder  Worthy  =  Hale. 

27.  Beggar's  Opera.     Lucy  =  Miss  Binks. 

30.  Never  acted  there,  Albion  Queens.     Norfolk  = 
Ryan  :  Queen  Mary  =  Mrs.  Horton,  her  1st  appear- 
ance on  that  stage  :  Queen  Elizabeth  =  Mrs.  Hallam : 
—acted  3  times  successively. 

Oct.  7.  Way  of  the  World.  Fainall  =  Walker : 
M  illamant  =  Mrs.  Horton. 


456  c.  G   1734-1735. 

9.  Unhappy  Favourite.  Essex  =  Ryan  :  Southamp- 
ton =  Walker  :  Queen  Elizabeth  =  Mrs.  Hallam : 
Rutland  =  Mrs.  Horton  : — with,  never  acted,  a  C.  in 
2  acts,  taken  from  Plautus  and  Shakspeare,  called 
See  if  you  Like  it,  or  'Tis  all  a  Mistake.  Stoppelear 
— Chapman — Aston — Mullart — Ridout — James — 
Miss  Norsa  and  Miss  Binks — this  piece  was  no  doubt 
founded  on  the  Comedy  of  Errors,  that  being  the 
only  play  which  Shakspeare  has  borrowed  from 
Plautus — it  is  not  noticed  in  the  common  Theatrical 
books,  or  by  Steevens  in  his  list  of  the  plays  altered 
from  Shakspeare. 

12.  (at  L.  I.  F.)    For  the  bt.  of  a  Widow.     Re- 
cruiting Officer.     Sylvia  =  Miss  Binks  :  Rose  =  Miss 
Brunette,  being  her  1st  appearance  on  any  stage  :— 
by  desire  Hippisley  will  perform  his  Drunken  Man. 

14.  For  bt.  of  the  author  of  the  new  Comedy. 
Fatal  Marriage.  Biron  =  Bridgewater :  Julia  =  Mrs. 
Buchanan  :  Isabella  —  Mrs.  Hallam  : — with  See  if  you 
Like  it — third  time. 

16.  Provoked  Husband.  Manly  =  Bridgewater : 
Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

18.  Plain  Dealer.     Manly  =  Bridgewater :  Free- 
man =  Hale  :  Fidelia  =  Mrs.    Buchanan  :  Olivia  =: 
Mrs.  Hortou  :  Widow  Blackacre  =  Mrs.  Mullart : — 
with,  never  acted  there,  Mock  Doctor.     Gregory  = 
A.  Hallam  :  Dorcas  =  Miss  Norsa. 

19.  Othello.     Othello  by  Stephens,   a  citizen  of 
London,  who  never  appeared  on  any  stage  before : 
lago  =  Ryan  :  Cassio  =  Walker  :  Roderigo  =  Chap- 
man :  Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Buchanan  :  ^Emilia  =  Mrs. 
Mullart : — acted  4  times  successively  and  9  times  on 
the  whole Davies  gives  us  an  account  of  Stephens; 


c.  G.  1734-1735.  457 

he  is  not  quite  correct,  but  his  mistakes  are  of  no 
importance — "  there  was  something  singular  in  the 
"  fortune  of  Stephens — he  was  a  button-maker,  and 
"  had  been  a  constant  attendant  at  the  theatre,  par- 
"  ticularly  when  Booth  acted — he  was  told  by  his 
"  friends,  that  his  voice  resembled  Booth's  both  in 
"  strength  and  melody,  and  that  his  imitation  of 
"  Booth  was  just  as  well  as  pleasing — in  1734  he 
"  ventured  to  act  Othello  ;  his  figure  was  not  unsuit- 
"  able  to  the  part ;  his  voice  was  strong,  and  he  had 
"  by   close   auricular   attention   acquired    some    of 
"  Booth's    happy   cadences  --  the   spectators   were 
"  equally  surprized   and   delighted  —  however  the 
"  charm  was  not  wound  up  so  powerfully  as  to  last 
"  long — Rich,  either  by  mistake  or  design,  persuaded 
"  the  new  actor  to  choose  Polydore  for  his  2d  part— 
"  Stephens  was  in  form  bulky,  in  the  management 
"  of  his  person  awkward,  and  advanced  to  near  his 
"  40th  year ;  consequently  he  was  very  unfit  to  repre- 
"  sent  a  gay  young  libertine — the  audience,  out  of 
"  respect  for  his  performance  of  Othello,  did  not 
"  show  him  any  marks  of  disapprobation  ;  but  this 
"  act  of  indiscretion  was  equally  hurtful  to  the  actor 

"  and  the  manager Stephens  acted  several  parts, 

"  and  particularly  the  Duke  of  York  in  Richard  2d, 
"  with  approbation,  but  as  he  never  came  up  to  his 
"  first  attempt,  so  he  gradually  fell  in  the  public 
"  esteem — he  ended  his  theatrical  life  on  the  Bath 
"  stage" — (Davies) — in  176!  he  acted  Henry  the  8th 
at  Portsmouth,  to  which  place  the  Bath  company 
went  that  Summer.  (  Wilkinson.) 

25.  She  wou'd  if  She  cou'd.     Sir  Joslin  Jolley  = 
Morgan  :  Lady  Cock  wood  =  Mrs.  HaUara. 


458  C..G.   1734-1735. 

29.  London  Cuckolds.    Dashwell= Neale:  Doodle 
=  Mullart :  Peggy  =  Miss  Norsa. 

Nov.  1.  Never  acted  there,  Wonder.  Don  Felix 
=  A.  Hallam  :  Col.  Briton  =  Walker :  Lissardo  = 
Chapman :  Gibby  =  Neale  :  Violante  =  Mrs.  Horton : 
— seemingly  acted  but  once. 

4.  Tamerlane.  Tamerlane  =  Stephens :  Bajazet 
=  Walker  :  Moneses  =  Ryan  :  Axalla  =  A.  Hallam : 
Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Hallam :  Selima  =  Miss  Binks  : — 
acted  3  times  successively. 

7.  Tunbridge   Walks.      Reynard  =  A.  Hallam : 
Squib  =  Chapman :    Maiden  =  Neale :  with  Mock 
Doctor.     Gregory  —  Hippisley. 

8.  No  bill. 

9.  An  Italian  Opera — frequently  the  case  this  sea- 
son. 

11.  Country  Wife.    Pinchwife  =  Ryan  :  Horner  = 
A.  Hallam :    Country  Wife  =  Miss  Binks  :    Lady 
Fidget  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  —  with,  never  acted  there, 
Mock  Countess.     Sir  Solomon   Selfwill  =  Morgan  : 
Sir  Toby  Doubtful  =  Hippisley ;  Capt.  Bellmie  = 
Aston  :  Octavio  =  Stoppelear  :  Guzzle  =  Mullart : — 
Lucinda  =  Miss  Norsa  :  Lucy  =  Miss  Binks  :  Mrs. 
Guzzle  =  Mrs.  Mullart : — this  F.  seems  not  to  have 
been  printed — the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  says  that  it  is 
taken  from  the  Play  is  the  Plot— (see  D.  L.  Feb.  19 
1718) — but  as  in  that  C.  the  Mock  Countess  only 
enters  in  one  scene,  it  was  obvious  that  that  scene 
alone  could  not  constitute  a  Farce — the  bill  for  this 
evening  makes  it  quite  clear,  that  the  Mock  Countess 
was  taken  from  Mrs.  Centlivre's  Love's  Contrivance, 
with  the  addition  of  one  scene  from  the  Play's  the  Plot. 

12.  Strategem.     Sullen  —  Bridgewater. 


c.  G.    1734-1735.  459 

21.  Never  acted  there,  Double  Gallant.  Atall  = 
Chapman  :  Sir  Solomon  Sadlife  =  Hippisley :  Care- 
less :  A.  Hallam  :  Clerimont  =  Walker :  Lady  Sad- 
life  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Lady  Dainty  =  Mrs.  Hortori : 
Clarinda  =  Mrs.  Stevens :  Sylvia  =  Miss  Norsa : 
Wish  well  =  Mrs.  Mullart. 

25.  For  bt.  of  Mitchell  (reputed)  author  of  the 
Tragedy.  Fatal  Extravagance.  Bellmour  =  Walker : 
Louisa  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  with  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  = 
Ryan :  Copper  Captain  =  A.  Hallam  :  Estifania  = 
Mrs.  Horton :  Margarita  =  Mrs.  Buchanan :  Old 
Woman  =  Mr.  Hippisley. 

28.  Cato.  Cato  =  Stephens :  Sempronius  = 
Walker  :  Juba  =  A.  Hah1  am  :  Syphax  =  Chapman  : 
Portius  —  Ryan  :  Marcus  =  Hale  :  Decius  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Marcia  =  Mrs.  Horton :  Lucia  =  Mrs.  Bu- 
chanan : — acted  4>  times. 

Dec.  26.  Richard  the  3d  =  Ryan :  Henry  6th 
=  Walker:  Buckingham  =  Bridge  water:  Richmond 
=  A.  Hallam  :  Tressel  =  Chapman  :  Lord  Mayor  = 
Mullart :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Lady  Anne  =  Mrs. 
Bullock  :  Duchess  of  York  =  Mrs.  Buchanan. 

Jan.  4.  Orphan.  Castalio  =  A.  Hallam  :  Chamont 
=  Ryan :  Polydore  =  Stephens :  Monimia  =  Mrs. 
Horton  : — seemingly  acted  but  once. 

16.  Acted  but  twice,  Distressed  Mother.  Orestes = 
Ryan  :  Pyrrhus  =  Stephens  :  Hermione  =  Mrs.  Hal- 
lam :  Andromache   (with  the  original  Epilogue)  = 
Mrs.  Horton. 

17.  Busy  Body.     Miranda  =  Miss  Norsa : — with 
Schoolboy.      Major  Rakish   =   Hippisley :    Young 
Rakish  =  Walker. 

21.  Constant  Couple.  Col.  Standard  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Lady  Lurewellr=  Mrs.  Horton. 


460  c.  G.  1734-1735. 

23.  Amorous  Widow.  Barnaby  Brittle  =  Hippis- 
ley :  Lovemore  =  Walker :  Cunningham  =  Hale : 
Merryman  =  Chapman  :  Mrs.  Brittle  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

25.  Never  acted  there,  Jane  Shore.  Hastings  = 
Stephens  :  Dumont  =  A.  Hallam  :  Gloster  =  Ryan  : 
Bellmour  =  Hale  :  Jane  Shore  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Alicia 
=  Mrs.  Hallam  : — acted  4  times. 

31.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Constant  =  Walker :  Heartfree  =  Ryan  : 
Razor  =  Chapman  :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Horton : 
Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Bullock : 
Mademoiselle  =  Miss  Norsa. 

Feb.  3.  Drummer.  Sir  George  Truman  =  Ryan : 
Tinsel = Chapman :  Vellum = Hippisley  :  Fantome:= 
Walker:  Coachman  =  Neale  :  Abigail  =  Mrs.  Mullart : 
Lady  Truman  =  Mrs.  Bullock: — with,  never  acted, 
Toyshop.  Master  of  the  Toyshop  =  Chapman  :  -1st 
Gentleman  =  Bridgewater :  2d  Old  Man  =  Hippisley : 
1st  Lady  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  the  other  characters  by  A. 
Hallam,  Hale,  Neale,  Miss  Norsa,  and  Miss  Binks : 
— this  little  piece  was  acted  with  much  success,  it  has 
great  merit,  but  seems  better  calculated  for  perusal 
than  representation — Dodsley  sent  it  to  Pope  and 
desired  his  opinion  of  it — Pope,  in  a  letter  dated 
Feb.  5  1732-3,  signified  his  approbation  of  the  Mo- 
rality and  Satire  contained  in  it,  but  doubted  whether 
it  had  action  enough  to  please  on  the  stage — how- 
ever he  recommended  it  to  Rich,  and  by  his  interest 
it  was  brought  out — Dodsley  says  he  took  the  first 
hint  of  the  Toyshop  from  Randolph's  Conceited 
Pedlar — as  the  Pedlar  makes  remarks  on  the  articles 
which  he  offers  for  sale,  so  does  the  Toyman. 

4.  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not.  Soto  =  Neale. 


c.  G.   1734-1735.  461 

8.  Cheats  of  Scapin.     Scapin  =  Hippisley. 

10.  Duke  and  no  Duke.     Trappolin  —  Chapman. 

1 1 .  Jew  of  Venice.     Shylock  —  Aston  :  Antonio  = 
Ryan  :  Bassanio  =  Walker  :  Gratiano  =  Chapman  : 
Portia  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Nerissa  =  Mrs.  Bullock  :  Jes- 
sica =  Miss  Binks. 

13.  Royal  Merchant.  Goswin  =  Ryan :  Clause  = 
Bridgevvater :  Wolfort  —  Walker  :  Hubert  =  A.  Hal- 
lam  :  Hempskirke  =  Hale :  Higgen  =  Hippisley : 
Prigg  =  Chapman  :  Vandunke  —  Morgan  :  Bertha  — 
Mrs.  Bullock:  Jaculin  =  Miss  Binks. 

15-  Not  acted  8  years,  Abra-Mule.  Mahomet  = 
Stephens :  Solyman  =  Walker :  Pyrrhus  =  Ryan  : 
Abra-Mule  =  Mrs.  Buchanan  : — acted  5  times. 

22.  Never  acted,  Rival  Widows,  or  the  Fair  Liber- 
tine. Freelove  =  Ryan  :  Young  Modern  =  Chapman  : 
Modern  (his  uncle) =Bridgewater  :  Sir  William  Free- 
love  =  Hippisley  :  Lady  Bellair  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Lady 
Lurcher  =  Mrs.  Hallam :  Double  (her  woman)  =  Mrs. 
Stephens  : — acted  6  times — Sir  William  Freelove 
makes  his  son  a  very  shabby  allowance — Modern 
makes  his  nephew  a  very  liberal  one — Lady  Lurcher 
pretends  to  be  religious,  but  is  in  reality  a  woman  of 
bad  principles — Lady  Bellair  is  gay  and  extravagant, 
but  of  good  principles  at  bottom — it  is  with  much  im- 
propriety that  she  is  called  a  Fair  Libertine — she  is 
only  above  vulgar  prejudices — Freelove  is  in  love 
with  Lady  Bellair — she  is  in  love  with  him,  but  she 
takes  care  not  to  let  him  know  it — Lady  Lurcher  is 
in  love  with  Freelove — by  her  persuasion  Young  Mo- 
dern pays  his  addresses  to  Lady  Bellair — she  objects 
to  his  usual  behaviour— he  affects  to  dress  plain  and 
to  be  very  serious— his  uncle  is  displeased  at  this 


462  c.  G.  1734--1735. 

supposed  change — at  the  conclusion,  Lady  Bellair 
and  Freelove  are  united  with  the  consent  of  Sir  Wil- 
liam— it  appears  that  Lady  Lurcher  had  defrauded 
Lady  Bellair  of  £10,000— this  C.  was  written  by 
Mrs.  Cooper — it  is  on  the  whole  a  tolerable  play, 
but  it  wants  incident  sadly — in  the  3d  act  two  speeches 
of  Modern,  about  the  pleasures  of  the  country,  are 
copied  from  Massinger's  Guardian — in  the  last  scene 
of  the  same  act,  Freelove  begs  Lady  Bellair  to  grant 
him  a  favour  at  parting — he  allows  her  to  make 
every  exception  she  can  think  of,  and  then  requests 
her  never  to  love  him  or  desire  his  company — this  is 
copied  from  Hide  Park  act  2  scene  the  last. 

March  11.  For  the  bt.  of  the  author  of  the  Opera. 
Abra-Mule,  with,  never  acted,  a  serio-comico-farcical- 
Elysian  Ballad  Opera  in  2  acts,  called  Macheath  in 
the  Shades,  or  Bayes  at  Parnassus.  Macheath  = 
Stoppelear  :  Bayes  —  Chapman  :  Polly  =  Miss  Norsa: 
Alexander  =  Mullart :  Peachum  —  Hippisley  :  Seja- 
nus  =  Paget :  Charon  =  Morgan  :  Cardinal  Wolsey 
=  Houghton  :  Mat  o*  Mint  =  Clark :  Ben  Johnson  = 
Aston:  Horace  =  Wignell :  Cleopatra  =  Mrs.  Tem- 
plar :  Jenny  Diver  =  Miss  Binks  :  Slammekin  =  Mrs. 
Kilby:  Thalestris  =  Mrs.  Forrester  :  Mrs.  Trapes  = 
Mrs.  Martin  :  Hellene  Miss  S.  Rogers:  and  the  part 
of  Mercury  by  Hale  : — it  seems  to  have  been  acted 
but  once. 

13.  Mrs.  Horton's  bt.     Mariamne.     Herod  =  Ste- 
phens :    Flaminius  =  Ryan  :    Pheroras  =  Walker : 
Sohemus  =  Bridge  water  :    High  Priest  =  Hale  :   Ma- 
riamne =  Mrs.  Horton  :    Arsinoe  =  Mrs.  Bullock  : 
—with  Toyshop. 

15.  Walker's  bt.     Sophonisba.    Massinissa  =  Wal- 


C.G.  1734-1735.  463 

ker:  Hannibal  =  Stephens,  1  st  time :  Massina  =  Mrs. 
Stevens :  £>cipio  =  Ryan  :  Rosalinda  =  Mrs.  Bu- 
chanan :  Sophonisba  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

Daily  Post — On  Saturday  night  (the  15th)  about 
12,  Ryan  passed  by  several  footmen  in  Great  Queen 
Street  L.  I.  F.  unmolested,  and  crossing  the  way  he 
heard  a  person  following  him  ;  he  imagined  it  might 
be  one  of  those  servants  whom  he  had  passed  by, 
but  on  his  turning  about,  a  villain  immediately  clap- 
ped a  pistol  to  his  mouth,  which  he  discharged  upon 
saying*'  Stand" — the  pistol  was  certainly  only  charged 
with  powder — as  soon  as  he  had  executed  his  purpose, 
Ryan  said — "  Friend  you  have  killed  me,  but  I  for- 
"  give  you" — the  fellow  took  only  his  sword  from 
him,  which  he  afterwards  dropped — Ryan  called  for 
the  Watch,  by  whom  he  was  conducted  to  Mr.  Kir- 
wood's  the  surgeon  in  Queen  Street,  where  being 
dressed,  he  was  carried  home — several  of  his  teeth 
are  shot  out,  and  his  face  and  jaw-bone  are  much 
shattered. 

17.  Ryan's  name  was  in  the  bill  for  Loveless  in 
Love's  last  Shift — this  was  no  doubt  owing  to  the 
bill  having  been  sent  to  the  printer's  on  the  Saturday 
night. 

Ryan  addressed  a  letter  in  the  Daily  Post  to  his 
friends,  in  which  he  stated  the  uncertainty  of  his 
being  ever  able  to  appear  on  the  stage  again  and  ex- 
pressed his  hopes  that  they  would  excuse  his  not 
making  a  personal  application  to  them  for  his  benefit. 

18.  Hippisley's  bt.  Strategem.     Archer  =  A.  Hal- 
lam  :  Cherry  =  Hippisley's  daughter,  who  never  ap- 
peared on  any  stage  before  : see  D.  L.  Jan.  11 

1740. 


464  c.  G.  1734-1735. 

19.  Ryan's  bt.  Provoked  Husband.     Lord  Townly 
=  A.  Hallam  : — with,  never  acted,  School  for  Women 
(taken  from  Moliere)  —  Hippisley — Mullart — Hale — 
Neale — Miss  Norsa  and  Mrs.  Martin — this  F.  seems 
not  to  have  been  printed. 

20.  Daily  Post — the  Prince  of  Wales  sent  Ryan 
10  Guineas,  and  would  have  attended  his  bt.,  if  he 
had  not  been   pre-engaged — there  was  a  crowded 

audience Ryan  is  considerably  better  and  there 

are  great  hopes  he  will  be   able  to  appear  again  on 
the  stage  this  season — the  wad  of  chewed  paper  in 
the  pistol  is  believed  to  have  done  him  the  greatest 
hurt ;  not  only  in  rooting  out  his  teeth,   of  which  4 
are  lost,  but  in  very  much  lacerating  the  left  corner 
of  his  mouth  and  the  muscular  part  of  the  cheek — by 
good  fortune  his  fore-teeth  are  preserved,  so  that  his 
speech  will  not  be  impeded,    the  mischief  exerting 
itself  on  his  upper  jaw  ;  a  part  of  which  came  away 
with  one  of  his  double  teeth  fixed  in  it. 

22.  Bridgewater's  bt.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John 
Brute  =  Bridge  water  : — with  Flora.  Hob  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Flora  =:  Miss  Norsa. 

Daily  Post.  Ryan  returned  thanks  to  his  friends 
for  the  favours  done  him  at  his  bt. — he  added,  that 
they  had  allayed  his  pains,  and  given  him  spirits  to 
support  himself  under  a  most  severe  trial — it  appears 
that  Sir  William  Saunderson  had  by  his  exertions 
engaged  near  a  fourth  part  of  the  audience  on  this 
occasion — besides  the  compliment  he  paid  Ryan  on 
his  own  part. 

25.  Mrs.  Hallam's  bt.  Way  of  the  World.  Mi- 
rabell  =  A.  Hallam. 

29.    Chapman's  bt.  Not  acted  4  years,  Gamester. 


c.  G,    1134-1735.  465 

Young  Valere  —  Chapman  : — with  Toy  Shop— the 
play  was  changed  from  Rule  a  Wife  on  account  of 
Ryan. 

April  3.  Upon  a  consultation  of  the  surgeons  it 
appears,  that  Ryan  received  his  hurt  from  a  pistol 
loaded  with  shot,  and  not  from  a  wad  of  paper  as 
was  at  first  believed  ;  several  shots  have  been  taken 
from  between  his  teeth,  and  from  his  wound  upon 
suppuration  :  he  is  judged  to  be  in  so  fair  a  way  of 
recovery,  that  'tis  hoped  in  a  short  time  he  will  be 
able  to  make  his  appearance  on  the  stage  ;  and  that 
his  face  will  neither  be  scarified,  his  mouth  any  way 
distorted,  nor  his  speech  or  figure  any  way  impaired. 

7«  Fond  Husband.  Bubble  =  Chapman  :  Fumble 
=  Hippisley  :  Rashley  =  A.  Hallam :  Ranger  = 
Bridgewater:  Sneak  =  Neale:  Emilia  =  Mrs.  Bul- 
lock :  Maria  =Mrs.  Hallam. 

8.  Mrs.  Bullock's  bt.  Richard  3d  =  A.  ITallam  : 
Henry  Gth  =  Chapman  :  Richmond  =  Walker  :  Tres- 
sel  =  Hale  :  —  see  Dec.  26. 

10.  Stephens'  bt.     King  Lear  =  Stephens  1st  time  : 
Edgar  =  A.  Hallam:    Gloster  =  Bridgewater  :    Bas- 
tard =  Walker  :  Kent  =  Chapman :  Gentleman  Usher 
=  Neale:  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

11.  The  new  C.  called  the  Double  Deceit  having 
been  deferred  till  Friday  next,  in  hopes  that  Ryan 
would  be  capable  of  performing,  that  there   may  be 
no  disappointment  to  the  audience,  he  intends  to  use 
his  endeavours  to  execute  his  part  in  the  best  manner 
he  is  able ;  which,  as  it  is  riot  very  long,  'tis  hoped 
may  be  attempted  without  detriment,  tho'  the  inside 
of  his  mouth  is  not  sufficiently  recovered  to  venture 

VOL.  111.  II  II 


466  c.  G.  1731-1735. 

upon  a  part  of  any  force — A.   Hallam  played  Sir 
Harry  Wildair  for  his  bt.  on  this  evening. 

16.  She  wou'd  and  She  vvou'd  not.     Don  Philip  = 
Bridgewater. 

17.  Henry  4th.     Fal staffs  Bridgewater  :    King  = 
Stephens  :  Prince  of  Wales  =  A.  Hallam. 

18.  Mrs.  Buchanan's  bt.  Abra-Mule.     Pyrrhus  = 
A.  Hallam  : — with  Country  House.     Monsieur  Ber- 
nard =  Mullart :    Marquis  =  Chapman  :    Janno  = 
Hippisley  :  Luca  =  Morgan  :    Madame  Bernard  = 
Mrs.  Bullock. 

19.  L.  I.  F.  (an  Opera  at  C.  G.)  Othello  for  the 
bt.  of  the  Prompters.     Iago  =  A.  Hallam. 

25.  (Friday)  Never  acted,  Double  Deceit,  or  a 
Cure  for  Jealousy.  Bellair  =  Ryan,  1st  appearance 
since  his  misfortune  :  Young  Courtlove  =  Walker  : 
Sir  William  Courtlove  =  Hippisley :  Gaylife  (his 
nephew)  =  Hallam:  Jerry  =  Chapman:  Frank  = 
Neale  :  Violetta  =  Mrs.  Buchanan:  Harriet  Richly 
=  Mrs.  Horton :  Fanny  Richly  =  Miss  Binks  : 
Lettice  (woman  to  Violetta — disguised  as  a  man)  = 
Mrs.  Stevens  :  Rose  =  Mrs.  Kilby :  Jenny  =  Mrs. 
Templer  :  Mrs.  Lettwell  =  Mrs.  Mullart :  —  acted 
twice  —  this  C.  consists  of  two  distinct  plots  —  Sir 
William  insists  that  his  son  and  nephew  should 
marry  Harriet  and  Fanny — the  young  men  prevail 
on  Sir  William  to  let  them  assume  the  disguise  of 
their  own  servants,  and  to  dress  up  Jerry  and  Frank 
as  themselves — the  young  ladies  are  informed  of  this 
design  on  them — they  assume  the  characters  of  their 
own  servants,  and  make  Rose  and  Jenny  pretend  to 
be  their  mistresses — Young  Courtlove  and  Gaylife 
fall  in  love  with  Harriet  and  Fanny,  supposing  them 


C.G.    1734-1735.  46? 

to  be  servants — Harriet  and  Fanny  fall  in  love  with 
Courtlove  and  Gaylife,  but  are  aware  that  they  are 
gentlemen — at  the  conclusion  young  Courtlove  and 
Gaylife  marry  Harriet  and  Fanny — they  had  been 
previously  told  who  the  ladies  really  were — Jerry  and 
Frank  marry  Jenny  and  Rose  supposing  them  to  be 
the  ladies — Rose  and  Jenny  suppose  Frank  and 
Jerry  to  be  the  gentlemen — in  the  other  plot,  Bellair 
and  Violetta  are  mutually  in  love — she  wishes  to 
Cure  him  of  his  tendency  to  Jealousy — she  assumes 
the  dress  of  a  man,  and  calls  herself  Careless — she 
becomes  acquainted  with  Bellair,  as  they  both  lodge 
at  Mrs.  Lettwell's — Careless  pretends  to  be  on  the 
most  intimate  footing  with  Violetta — Lettice,  in  her 
proper  character,  tells  Bellair  a  very  different  story— 
he  does  not  know  what  to  think  of  the  matter— in 
the  last  act,  he  discovers  Careless  to  be  Violetta — 
he  begs  pardon  for  having  entertained  a  bad  opinion 
of  her — and  she  forgives  him — Mrs.  Lettwell  is  an 
amorous  widow  who  makes  advances  both  to  Careless 
and  Bellair — this  is  a  pretty  good  C.  by  Popple — 
each  of  his  plays  deserved  better  success  than  it  met 
with — his  dialogue  is  colloquial  and  natural,  but 
sometimes  too  diffuse. 

29.  Miss  Norsa  acted  the  Country  Wife  for  her  bt. 

May  1.  Old  Batchelor.  Heartwell  =  Bridgewater : 
Belinda  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Lsetitia  =  Mrs.  Bullock. 

5.  Oronooko  =  Walker:  Aboan  =  Stephens,  1st 
time  :  Blandford  =  Chapman  :  Daniel  =  Hippisley : 
Imoinda  =  Miss  Binks  :  Widow  =  Mrs.  Martin. 

7.  King  Lear  at  L.  I.  F. — an  Opera  at  C.  G. 

8.  Spanish  Fryar  and  Mock  Lawyer. 
-9«  Schoolboy^  Miss  Binks. 


468  L.  i.  F    1734-1735. 

13.  Schoolboy  =  Neale. 

14.  L.I.F.  Royal  Merchant.   G os  win  =  Chapman  : 
Prigg  =  Neale. 

15.  Confederacy  and  Mock  Countess. 

16.  Squire  of  Alsatia.     Sir   Edward    Belfond  = 
Bridge  water : — rest  bad. 

20.  Gamester.     Young   Valere   =   Walker :    Sir 
Thomas  Valere  =  Mullart :  Hector  =  Chapman. 
23.  Mrs.  Bullock  is  said  to  be  dangerously  ill. 

26.  Mock  Lawyer  =  Chapman  :  Justice  Love-Law 
=  Mullart:  Valentine  —  Stoppelear  :  Cheatly^Wig- 
nell :  Dash  =  Aston  :  Lsetitia  =  Miss  Norsa :  Betty  = 
Miss  Binks. 

27.  Paget's  bt.— Walker  acted  Essex/ 

June  17-  Love's  last  Shift — last  time  of  the  Com- 
pany's performing. 

Summer  at  L.  I.  F. 

June  19.  For  a  Family  in  distress.  Careless  Hus- 
band :  Lord  Foppington  =  Mrs.  Charke  :  with  Devil 
to  Pay.  Sir  John  Loverule  =  Mrs.  Charke. 

July  11.  By  a  company  of  Comedians — for  the  au- 
thor of  the  Farce — London  Merchant.  Milwood  = 
Mrs.  Charke  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Pritchard :  with  Honest 
Yorkshireman.  Honest  Yorkshireman  =  Salway : 
Sapskull  =  Este :  Muckworm  =  Jones :  Blunder  = 
Turbot :  Slango  =  Cross  :  Combrush  =  Mrs.  Pritch- 
ard: Arbella  =  Mrs.  Cantrell :  —  see  Hay.  Aug.  1 
1731. 

16.  By  a  company  of  Comedians  from  both  thea- 
tres— Provoked  Husband.  Sir  Francis  Wronghead 
to  be  attempted  by  Mrs.  Charke. 


G.  F.   1734-1735.  1(5<J 

23.  Never  acted,  Squire  Basinghall,  or  the  Cheap- 
side  Beau — to  which  will  be  added — the  Stage  Muti- 
neers with  alterations  and  additions  by  the  author  of 
the  Comedy. 

30.  For  bt.  of  the  author.  Squire  Basinghall  3d 
time,  with  a  new  Ballad  Opera,  called  Politicks  on 
both  Sides — neither  of  these  pieces  is  printed. 

Aug.  25.  Bartholomew  Fair.  Pickle  Herring  = 
Mrs.  Charke : — the  company  will  continue  to  act 
every  day  till  the  opening  of  the  theatres. 

No  more  bills. 

The  bills  in  the  British  Museum  for  this  season 
are  full  of  information — almost  all  of  them  are  printed 
—some  few  are  missing,  (probably  on  Opera  nights) 
and  some,  but  not  very  many,  are  in  Manuscript. 

Mrs.  Jane  Bullock's  name  does  not  appear  in  the 
bills  after  this  season — she  went  to  Ireland,  where 
she  died  in  1739 — she  had  a  graceful  form  and  figure, 
and  pleased  in  several  characters.  (Chettvood.) 


G.  F.  r/34-1735. 

Sep.  25.  Lun  Jun.  (Woodward)  acted  Harlequin. 

Oct.  14«.  Inconstant.     Petit  =.  Woodward. 

16.  Henry  4th.  Falstaff  =  Hulett:  Hotspur  = 
Delane  :  Prince  of  Wales  =  Gift'ard  :  Prince  John  = 
Woodward  :  Mortimer  =  Havard. 


470  G.  F.   1734-1735. 

1 7.  Hamlet.     Hamlet  =  Giffard  :  Ghost  —  Delane. 

21.  Delane  acted  Polydore. 

29.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife,  with,  never  acted  there 
but  once,  the  Necromancer,  or  Harlequin  Doctor 
Faustus.  Harlequin  =  Lun  Jun.  (From  my  own 
Bills.) 

Nov.  13.  Fond  Husband — acted  several  times. 

25.  Britannia.     Victory  =  Woodward. 

Dec.  3.  Never  acted  but  once  there,  Country 
Lasses.  Heartwell  =  Delane  :  Modely  =  Giffard  : 
Freehold  —  Hulett :  Srieak  =  Woodward :  Flora  =  Mrs. 
Giffard  :  Aura  =  Mrs.  Roberts. 

16.  Delane's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  CEdipus. 
CEdipus  =  Delane :  Adrastus  =  Giffard  :  Creon  = 
Hulett :  Jocasta  =  Mrs.  Roberts  : — acted  4  times  suc- 
cessively. 

Jan.  3  and  4.  Wetherhilt  acted  Marplot  and  Ro- 
derigo. 

Feb.  24.  Love's  last  Shift.  Sir  Novelty  Fashion 
=  Wetherhilt : — with  Jupiter  and  lo — in  which  will 
be  introduced  a  Comic  Interlude  called  Plot  and  no 
Plot,  or  Hanging  better  than  Marriage.  Harlequin 
=  Luri  Jun.  : — Jupiter  and  lo  had  been  frequently 
acted. 

May  9.  Last  play.     (Bills  from  B.  M.) 

Wetherhilt  seems  to  have  gone  to  Ireland  at  the 
close  of  this  season — see  Irish  Stage  1735. 


HAY.  1735.  471 


HAY.  1735. 

The  French  Comedians  acted  at  this  theatre  from 
Nov.  22  1734  to  June  1735. 

Aug  1.  By  a  select  company  of  Comedians — not 
acted  2  years,  Anatomist.  Beatrice  =  Mrs.  Pritchard : 
— with  Honest  Yorkshireman,  being  the  last  time  of 
performing   it.      Honest  Yorkshireman  =  Sal  way : 
Sapskull  —  Este  :    Muckworm  =  Jones  :    Slango  = 
Master  Green  :  Blunder  =  Topham  :    Combrush  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Arbella  =  Mrs.  Cantrell :—  N.B.  the 
said  company  will  continue  to  act  on  Tuesdays  and 
Fridays,  as  long  as  they  shall  deserve  the  favour  of 
the  town. 

This  bill  and  the  bill  for  July  11  at  L.  I.  F.  are 
certainly  incorrect — Sapskull  is  the  Honest  York- 
shireman— Sal  way  no  doubt  played  Gaylove — see 

C.  G.  March  14  1738 Gaylove  and  Arbella  are 

mutually  in  love — Muckworm,  who  is  her  uncle, 
wants  her  to  marry  Squire  Sapskull  of  Yorkshire — 
Sapskull  comes  to  town  with  his  man  Blunder — Gay- 
love  waylays  them,  and  gets  Sapskull's  papers  from 
him — he  then  waits  on  Muckworm  as  Sapskull — and 
marries  Arbella — Slango,  Gaylove's  servant,  is  dis- 
guised as  a  woman — Sapskull  takes  him  for  Arbella, 
and  is  married  to  him — this  ballad  Farce  is  a  mere 
trifle,  but  as  such  very  good — it  was  printed  in  1736 
price  threepence — the  titlepage  says  it  was  refused  at 

D.  L.  but  performed  with  great  applause  at  G.  F. — 
Carey  says  in  the  preface — "  the  very  generous  recep- 
"  tion  this  Farce  has  met  with  during  its  representa- 


472  HAY.  1735. 

"  tion  in  the  Hay.  last  summer,  and  G.  F.  this 
"  winter,  is  a  manifestation  of  the  bad  taste  of  the 
"  great  Mogul  of  D.  L.,  who  after  having  had  the 
"  copy  9  months  in  his  hands,  continually  feeding  me 
"  with  fresh  promises  of  bringing  it  on  the  stage, 
"  returned  it  at  last  in  a  very  ungracious  manner,  at 
"  the  end  of  the  season,  when  it  was  too  late  to  carry 
"  it  to  any  other  house  :  but  the  young  actors  having 
"  as  usual  formed  themselves  into  a  Summer  com- 
"  pany,  Mr.  Gibber  Jun.  sent  to  me  in  a  very 
"  respectful  manner,  requesting  the  Farce,  which 
"  accordingly  was  put  in  Rehearsal  j  but  to  our  great 
"  disappointment  and  surprise,  the  Company  after 
"  one  night's  acting,  was  suddenly  interdicted  and 
"  the  house  shut  up- — this  was  a  new  and  unexpected 
"  turn,  barbarous  as  unprecedented,  the  late  Managers 
"  always  indulging  the  young  company  with  the  house 
"  during  the  Summer  season,  not  only  with  a  prudent 
"  view  to  their  improvement,  but  with  a  charitable 
"  regard  to  their  better  support  during  the  cessation 
"  of  their  salaries  :  nor  did  its  good  effects  cease 
"  here,  for  it  kept  in  pay,  a  great  number  of  dressers, 
"  scene- men  and  other  inferiour  servants,  who  other- 
"  wise  with  their  whole  families  must  have  endured 
"  great  hardships — time  was  when  Masters  of  Play- 
"  houses  dreaded  the  displeasure  of  the  town  j  now 
"  they  put  the  public  to  defiance,  use  authors  and 
"  actors  as  they  please  *  *  *  I  cannot  conclude 
"  without  acknowledging  my  grateful  sense  of  Mr. 
"  Giffard's  civility  in  accepting  this  Farce  even  after 
"  his  Partner  had  refused  it — may  he  have  all  the 
"  success  an  honest  industrious  man  deserves,  may 
'  the  attempts  of  combining  Patentees  to  hurt  him 


D.L.   1735-1736.  473 

"prove  abortive"  &c.—  Carey  then  complains  of 
piratical  printers  who  had  surreptitiously  published 
his  piece — there  is  an  Octavo  edition  in  1736 — in  the 
titlepage  it  is  called — a  Wonder,  or  an  Honest  York- 
shireman. 

Aug.  4.  Orphan  and  Mock  Doctor. 

8.  Provoked  Husband.  Squire  Richard  =  Master 
Green :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : — with  by 
particular  desire  Honest  Yorkshireman. 

12.  Beggar's  Opera.  Macheath  =  Sal  way  :  Mrs. 
Slammakin  =  Master  Green. 

14.  Careless  Husband  and  Honest  Yorkshireman. 
Combrush  =  Miss  Brunette.) 

21.  Twin  Rivals  with  Honest  Yorkshireman — the 
last  time  of  performing  it — in  fact  this  was  not  the 
last  time. 

26.  Strategem  with  alterations. 

N.B.  the  Reviser  begs  leave  to  observe  that  the 
French  Count  and  Irish  Priest  are  superfluous — that 
the  parting  of  Sullen  and  his  wife  is  unnatural — and 
that  the  ending  of  the  play  (with  respect  to  Archer) 
is  abrupt  to  a  degree,  &c. — In  order  to  amend  these 
errors,  the  revisal  of  this  Comedy  has  been  attempted. 
(Sills  from  B.  M.) 


D.  L.  1735-1736. 

Sep.  20.     Cato 23.  Venice  Preserved. 

25.  Old  Batchelor  =  Quin. 


474  D.  L.  1735-1736. 

30.  Old  Man  taught  Wisdom. 

Oct.  4.  Amphitryon 7-  Unhappy  Favourite. 

9.  Rule  a  Wife  and  have  a  Wife. 

11.  Double  Dealer.     Maskwell  =  Quin :    Sir  Paul 
Plyant  =  Griffin  :   Brisk  =  Cibber  Jun. :  Mellefont  = 
Milward :  Lady  Froth  =  Mrs.  Clive  : — acted  5  times 
successively. 

21.  Macbeth 23.  Mother  in  Law. 

25.  Richard  the  3d 28.  Busy  Body. 

30.  Recruiting  Officer 31.  Tempest. 

Nov.  3.  Double  Gallant 4.  Tamerlane. 

7-  Oronooko 12.  Mourning  Bride. 

13.  Volpone 14.  Committee. 

15.  Henry  4th,  part2d 18.  Alchemist. 

19.  Love  makes  a  Man 20.   Silent  Woman. 

21.  Merry  Wives 22.  Man  of  Taste. 

24.  King  Lear  —  Quin. 

26.  Love  for  Love 29.  Maid's  Tragedy. 

Dec.  5.   Hamlet  and  Intriguing  Chambermaid. 
8.  Timon  of  Athens.     Apemantus  =  Quin. 
15.  Miser 26.  London  Merchant. 

29.  Sir  Courtly  Nice  =  Cibber  Sen. 
Jan.  2.  Sir  Courtly  Nice  =  Cibber  Sen. 
3.  Twin  Rivals — acted  7  times. 

12.  Zara.     Lusignan  =  Milward  :   Osman  =  Hill : 
Nerestan  =  Cibber  Jun. :  Chatillon  =  Berry  :  Oras- 
min  =  Este :  Zara  =  Mrs.  Cibber,  being  her  first  at- 
tempt as  an  actress:  SeUma=Mrs.  Pritchard  : — Mrs. 
Cibber  on  this  occasion  gave  full  promise  of  being 
what   she   afterwards   proved  —  Milward   in   voice, 
action,   and  manner,  gave  admirable  force  to  Lusig- 
nan— (Davies) — this  is  Aaron  Hill's  best  play — it  is 
taken  from  Voltaire — it  has  rather  too  much  reli- 


D.  L.   1735-1736.  475 

giori — Lusignan  in  one  speech  is  delightfully  Ortho- 
dox at  the  expense  of  common  sense — the  sentiments 
however  are  suited  to  the  times — Scene  Jerusalem 
— Zara  had  an  uninterrupted  run  of  14  nights — it 
had  been  previously  performed — Hill,  with  his  usual 
generosity,  had  allowed  it  to  be  acted  3  times,  at  the 
Great  Room  in  Villiers  Street,  for  Bond's  advantage 
— (B.M.) — Bond  played  Lusignan  himself,  but  being 
in  a  weak  condition,  he  fainted  on  the  stage,  was 
carried  home  in  a  chair,  and  died  the  next  morning 
— (Gent.'s  Mag.  for  June) — Reed,  in  the  preface  to 
his  Madrigal  and  Trulletta,  taxes  Hill  with  having 
stolen  his  Zara  from  a  person  called  Hudson — in  all 
probability  Hill  and  Hudson  had  each  of  them  trans- 
lated the  French  play. 

Jan.  19.  Zara  7th  time  at  D.  L.— W.  Mills  acted 
Osman  on  this  evening — probably  sooner — Victor 
says,  on  the  1st  night  of  Zara  at  D.  L.  Hill's  Ne- 
phew acted  Osman — the  young  man  did  injury  both 
to  the  play  and  himself,  and  was  properly  treated  by 
the  audience,  who  seemed  to  show  their  dislike  with 
reluctance. 

Feb.  2.  Twin  Rivals.  Elder  Wou'dbe  =  Mills: 
Teague  =  Miller  :  Trueman  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Aurelia 
=  Mrs.  Clive:  Mrs.  Midnight  =  Mr.  Harper  :— rest 
omitted. 

5.  Way  of  the  World.     Fainall  =  Quin. 

6.  Rehearsal.     B  ay  es  =  Gibber  Sen. 

9.  Conscious  Lovers.  Bevil  Jun.  =  Quin  :  Tom  — 
Gibber  Jun. :  Indiana  —  Mrs.  Gibber  1st  time  :  Phil- 
lis  =  Mrs.  Clive  :— acted  7  times  successively. 

20.  Never  acted,  Connoisseur,  or  Every  Man  in 
his  Folly.  Sir  Godfrey  Trinket  =  Griffin :  Lord 


476  D.  L.  1735-1736. 

Constant  =  Quin :  Lord  Modely  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Sir 
Harry  Gaylove  =  W.  Mills :  Cheatly  =  Macklin :  Sig- 
nior  Bagatteli  =  Sal  way :  Flavia  (daughter  to  Sir  God- 
frey) =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Araminta  (sister  to  Sir  Harry — 
secretly  in  love  with  Lord  Constant)  =  Miss  Holiday  : 
Mrs.  Freelove  —  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Lucy  (her  woman) 
=  Mrs.  Cross : — acted  but  once — this  C.  is  attributed 
to  Conolly — it  is  sensible,  but  very  dull,  with  scarcely 
any  plot  or  incident — the  Connoisseur  is  Sir  Godfrey 
Trinket — Cheatly,  with  his  confederates,  imposes  on 
Sir  Godfrey  by  selling  him  false  rarities — he  ingra- 
tiates himself  so  far  into  Sir  Godfrey's  favour,  that 
Sir  Godfrey  wishes  him  to  marry  his  daughter — Lord 
Constant  is  in  love  with  Flavia — at  the  conclusion 
Flavia  marries  Lord  Modely — Lord  Constant  marries 
Araminta,  who  had  always  had  his  esteem — Cheatly 
is  taken  in  to  marry  Mrs.  Freelove,  who  had  been 
seduced  by  Sir  Harry — he  fancies  her  a  rich  widow. 

27-  Greenwich  Park.  Young  Reveller  =  Gibber 
Jun. 

March  1.    Fall  of  Phaeton.  Clymene  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

11.  Quin'sbt,  Henry  4th  part  2d.  Falstaff =  Quin: 
— rest  as  before — a  Prologue,  written  by  Betterton 
and  spoken  by  him  40  years  ago  at  the  revival  of  this 
play,  representing  the  Ghost  of  Shakspeare,  to  be 
spoken  by  Quin — all  the  scenes  of  the  original  part 
of  Falstaff  will  be  added.  (B.M.)— Betterton  had 
improperly  omitted  the  1st  and  4th  scenes  of  Shak- 
speare's  5th  Act ;  he  had  however  omitted  but  one 
scene  in  which  Falstaff  was  concerned — see  D.  L. 
Dec.  17  1720 — as  to  the  Prologue,  it'  was  perhaps 
that  originally  spoken  by  Betterton  to  Dryden's 
Troilus  and  Cressida  with  some  alteration — Quin  no 


D.  L.   1735-1736.  477 

doubt  went  on  stage  tradition,  he  should  have  said 
not  40,  but  36  years. 

13  or  15.  Love's  last  Shift.  Sir  Novelty  Fashion 
=  Gibber  Jun. :  Amanda  =  Mrs.  Gibber  : — acted 
about  7  times. 

20.  Mil  ward  acted  Hamlet  for  his  bt. 

23.  For  bt.  of  Gibber  Jun.     Distressed  Mother. 
Orestes  =  Gibber  Jun. :   Pyrrhus  =  Quin  :   Andro- 
mache =  Mrs.  Gibber:  Hermione  is   omitted: — the 
Gent.'s  Magazine  says  the    Honest   Yorkshireman 
was  the  Farce. 

25.  Mrs.  Clive  acted  Miss  Hoyden  for  her  bt. 
April  12.  Mrs.  Clive  acted  Biddy  Tipkin. 

15.  Provoked  Husband. 

16.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Heron's  Executors.     Julius 
Caesar. 

May  4.  Rover. 

5.  Henry  8th  =  Quin :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

15.  Country  Wife 17.  Henry  4th  part  1st. 

24.  Careless  Husband 25.  Livery  Rake. 

June  23.  Love's  last  Shift no  more  bills. 

The  collection  in  the  British  Museum  has  not  one 
printed  bill  for  this  season,  and  contains  little  infor- 
mation beyond  the  title  of  the  plays — the  Gentle- 
man's Magazine  gives  a  list  of  the  plays  acted  in 
Jan.,  Feb.,  March  and  April — this  list  does  not  ex- 
actly agree  with  the  list  in  the  B.  M. — it  is  observ- 
able that  the  Gent.'s  Magazine  does  not,  after  this 
time,  give  a  list  of  the  plays  for  several  years. 

Mrs.  Mary  Heron  died  March  5th — (Kirk man)  — 
she  was  at  D.  L.  in  1721,  but  till  Mrs.  Oldfield's 
death  she  played  few  parts  of  importance ;  she  was 
then  singled  out  by  Gibber  for  his  favourite  charac- 


478  c.  G.  1735-1736. 

ters  of  Lady  Betty  Modish  and  Lady  Townly ;  he 
took  extraordinary  pains  with  her ;  but  even  with 
that  advantage,  she  made  but  a  decent  actress  :  she 
was  naturally  well  formed  with  an  easy  elegant  air 
— her  voice  was  bad,  but  she  had  a  sensible  pro- 
nunciation. (  Victor.} 

Mrs.  Willis'  name  does  not  occur  after  1734- 
1735,  but  as  the  bills  are  imperfect,  she  might  have 
lingered  on  the  stage  another  season — she  was  an 
excellent  actress  in  low  humour  and  threw  into  the 
small  part  of  the  Old  Lady  in  Henry  8th  so  much 
truth  and  nature,  that  the  audience  never  dismissed 
her  without  marks  of  approbation.  (Davies.*) 


C.  G.  1735-1736. 

Sept.  24.  Rule  a  Wife 26.  Double  Gallant. 

29.  Love's  last  Shift  and  Lottery. 

Oct.  3.  Othello 6.  Country  Wife. 

10.  Provoked  Wife 13.  Recruiting  Officer. 

15.  Drummer 17.  Mistake. 

24.  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not. 

25.  Rival  Queens.     Alexander  =  Delane,  being  his 
1st  appearance  there  : — acted  3  times  successively. 

29.  London  Cuckolds 31 .  Royal  Merchant. 

Nov.  3.  Theodosius 4.  Tamerlane. 

6.  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd 7«  Old  Batchelor. 


c.  G.   1735-1736.  479 

8,  10  and  11.  (Edipus 12.  Fond  Husband. 

13.  Distressed  Mother 14-  and  15.  Macbeth. 

19  and  20.  Venice  Preserved.  Belvidera  =  Mrs. 
Porter. 

21.  Way  of  the  World 22.  Julius  Caesar. 

29.  Constant  Couple. 

Dec.  2.  Strategem 3  and  5.  Jane  Shore. 

10.  Distressed  Mother.     Hermione  —  Mrs.  Porter. 

13.  Fatal  Marriage.     Isabella  =  Mrs.  Porter. 

15.  False  Friend 30.  Amorous  Widow. 

31.  Funeral.  Lord  Hardy  =  Delane  :  Campley  = 
A.  Hallam  :  Sable  =  Hippisley :  Lady  Brumpton  = 
Mrs.  Horton : — acted  several  times. 

Jan.  10,  12  and  13.  All  for  Love. 

14  and  16.  Jane  Shore.  Shore  =  Ryan  :  Jane 
Shore  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Alicia  =  Mrs.  Porter. 

23.  Mrs.  Porter  acted  Hermione. 

24.  Rule  a  Wife.     Estifania  =  Mrs.  Horton. 
26.  Duke  and  no  Duke. 

28.  Mourning  Bride.     Zara  =  Mrs.  Porter. 
Feb.  4.    Distressed  Mother.      Hermione  =  Mrs. 
Porter:  Andromache  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

11.  Fatal  Marriage.     Isabella  =  Mrs.  Porter. 

12.  Jew  of  Venice 13  and  14.  Beggar's  Opera. 

17.  Busy  Body 18.  Macbeth  =  Delane. 

21.  Albion  Queens 23.  Theodosius.    (G.M.) 

24.  King  Lear  =  Delane  :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

26.  (or  27.)  Double  Deceit. 

March  1.  Confederacy- 6.  Anatomist. 

11.  Mrs.  Horton's  bt.  All  for  Love.  Antony  = 
Delane  :  Ventidius  =  Bridgewater :  Cleopatra  =  Mrs. 
Horton  :  Octavia  =  Mrs.  Buchanan  : — with  Country 
House. 


480  c.  G.  1735-1736. 

15.  Fair  Penitent.  Lothario  =  Delane  :  Calistair 
Mrs.  Buchanan. 

18.  Merry  Wives.  Falstaff  =  Delane  :  Ford  = 
Ryan  :  Sir  Hugh  Evans  =  Hippisley :  Mrs.  Ford  = 
Mrs.  Horton  : — with  Silvia,  or  Country  Burial. 

20.  Love  makes  a  Man. 

23.  Provoked  Husband,  with  a  new  dramatic  Satire 
called  the  Innocent  Theft — this  was  probably  Timon 
in  Love  reduced  to  2  acts — see  D.  L.  Dec.  5  1733. 

27  or  28.  Abra-Mule,  with,  not  acted  20  years, 
City  Ramble. 

29.  Rover  and  Cheats  of  Scapin. 

April  5.  Way  of  the  World  and  Mock  Lawyer. 

6.  Inconstant.     Young  Mirabel  =  A.  Hallam. 

8.  Oronooko. 

10.  All  for  Love,  with  anew  Farce  called  Marforio 
— this  F.  seems  to  have  been  acted  but  once— see 
Tumble-down  Dick  at  Hay.  1737. 

13.  Double  Dealer.  (G.  M.} 

30.  Orphan  with  Damon  and  Phillida. 
May  1.  Conscious  Lovers  and  Schoolboy. 
2.  Committee.     Teague  =  Bridgewater. 

6.  Plain  Dealer 13.  Wit  without  Money. 

17.  Cato  and  Intriguing  Chambermaid. 

June  4.  Relapse 8.  Provoked  Husband. 

No  more  bills — see  end  of  D.  L.  (Bills  from  B.  M.} 

That  Mrs.  Porter  played  the  parts  here  attributed 
to  her,  rests  on  the  authority  of  the  Manuscript  in 
the  B.  M. — that  in  her  old  age  and  after  her  accident 
she  should  play  Belvidera  is  very  improbable —see 
end  of  D.  L.  1737-1738 — it  is  observable  that  she  is 
not  said  to  act  in  the  Albion  Queens,  tho'  we  are 
certain  that  she  retained  the  part  of  Queen  Elizabeth 
to  the  last. 


G.  F.    AND    L.  I.  F.    1735-1736.  481 

Mrs.  Elizabeth  Buchanan's  name  does  not  occur 
after  this  season — Davies  says  that  she  died  in  child- 
bed soon  after  playing  Cressida,  which  is  not  correct. 


Mrs.  Buchanan's  characters — selection  only. 

L.  I.  F.  1728-1729.  Calphurnia— Lady  Macduff 
— Desdemona — Hillaria  in  Love's  last  Shift." 

1729-1730.     Aspatia  in  Maid's  Tragedy. 

1730-1731.     Indiana. 

1731-1732.  Lady  Grace  in  P.  H.— Margarita  in 
Rule  a  Wife — Almeyda  in  Don  Sebastian — Milwood. 

C.  G.  1732-1733.  Mrs.  Fainall— Fidelia  in  Plain 
Dealer — Calista. 

1733-1734.  Bel  videra— Cressida— Marcia  in  Cato 
— Almeria  in  Mourning  Bride. 

1734-1735.  Julia  in  Fatal  Marriage — Lucia  in 
Cato — Abra-Mule — Rosalinda  in  Sophonisba. 

1735-1736.     Octavia  in  All  for  Love. 


G.  F.  and  L.  I.  F.  1735-1736. 

Oct.  27.  Spanish  Fryar.  Torrismond  —  Johnson : 
— this  was  probably  his  1st  appearance — Davies  says 
he  was  commonly  called  tall  Johnson — the  Spanish 

VOL.   III.  I  I 


482  G.  F.  AND  L.  i.  F.   1735-1736. 

Fryar  was  acted  6  nights  successively  with  the  Em- 
perour  of  the  Moon  as  an  afterpiece. 

Nov.  12.  Honest  Yorkshireman.  Gaylove  =  Kelly : 
Sapskull  —  Bardin  :  Bl under  =  Do ve  :  Muckworm  = 
Norris  :  Slango  =  Woodward .  Combrush  =  Mrs. 
Roberts:  Arbella  =  Miss  Gerrard  : — thisF.  was  fre- 
quently acted. 

26.  Henry  5th — acted  7  nights  successively — as 
there  are  no  characters  mentioned,  it  is  not  absolutely 
certain  whether  this  was  Hill's  or  Shakspeare's  play, 
but  as  Giffard  had  a  very  good  judgment  as  to  the 
revival  of  plays,  it  is  sufficiently  clear  that  this  was 
Shakspeare's  piece — it  had  not  been  acted  since  the 
Restoration. 

Dec,  8.  Sauny  the  Scot — acted  about  7  or  8  times. 

19.  King  Arthur  revived.  Arthur  =  Johnson  : 
Grimbald  —  Lyon  :  Oswald  =  Giffard  :  Merlin  =  Ros- 
co :  Conon  =  Havard :  Albanact  =  Woodward : 
Emmeline  =  Mrs.  Giffard  :  Philadel  —  Mrs.  Hamilton : 
— acted  36  times  successively — the  play  was  printed 
as  acted  at  this  theatre — no  changes  seem  to  have 
been  made — in  the  titlepage  it  is  called  Merlin,  or 
the  British  Inchanter,  and  King  Arthur,  the  British 
Worthy  1736 — there  was  a  new  Prologue  spoken  by 
Giffard. 

Jan.  29.  Never  acted,  Parricide — this  is  a  poor  T. 
by  Sterling — it  was  acted  5  times — the  plot  is  impro- 
bable, and  the  language  unnatural — Woodward  acted 
a  small  part  called  Issouf. 

Feb.  27  and  28.  Timon  of  Athens. 

March  31.  King  Arthur  41st  time. 

Before  the  close  of  the  season  Giffard  and  his  com- 
pany removed  to  L.  I.  F. 


G.  F.  AND    L.  I.  F.     1735-1736.  483 

L.  I.  F.  June  18,  Never  acted,  Al/ira.  Zamor  (an 
Indian  sovereign)  =  Johnson:  Don  Alvarez  =  Giffard : 
Don  Carlos  (his  son)  =  Wright :  Ezmont  (an  Indian 
sovereign)  —  Havard  :  Alzira  (his  daughter)  =  Mrs. 
Giffard : — at  the  opening  of  the  play,  Alvarez  had 
just  resigned  the  government  of  Peru,  and  been  suc- 
ceeded by  Carlos —Alvarez  requests  his  son  to  par- 
don some  American  Indians  who  had  been  con- 
demned as  spies — Carlos  is  an  enemy  to  the  Indians, 
and  grants  the  request  with  reluctance — Zamor,  who 
is  one  of  them,  turns  out  to  be  the  person  who  had 
saved  the  life  of  Alvarez — Alzira  was  in  love  with 
Zamor — she  had  supposed  him  for  three  years  to  be 
dead — and  is  prevailed  on  by  her  father  to  marry 
Carlos — Ezmont  and  Alzira  had  been  converted  to 
Christianity — in  the  3d  act,  an  interview  takes  place 
between  Zamor  and  Alzira — Alzira  avows  her  love 
for  Zamor,  but  does  not  forget  the  duty  of  a  wife- 
Alvarez  and  Carlos  enter — Zamor  is  carried  off  by  the 
Spaniards  as  a  prisoner — Alzira  bribes  the  soldier  to 
whose  custody  Zamor  was  committed — Zamor  re- 
gains his  liberty — he  has  another  scene  with  Alzira — 
after  which  he  changes  clothes  with  the  soldier- 
stabs  Carlos — and  lays  his  sword  at  the  feet  of  Al- 
varez— these  circumstances  take  place  behind  the 
scenes — Zamor  is  condemned  to  death — Alvarez 
suggests  to  him  that  he  may  save  his  life  by  turning 
Christian — Zamor  refuses  to  do  so — Carlos  is  brought 
in  in  a  dying  state — before  his  death,  he  gives  an 
official  pardon  to  Zamor,  and  resigns  Alzira  to  him 
—Zamor  is  so  struck  with  the  behaviour  of  Carlos, 
that  he  becomes  a  Christian — Alvarez  bears  his  fate 
with  resignation— scene  Lima— this  is  a  moderate  T. 

i  i  2 


484  G.  F.  AND  L.  i.  F.   1735-1736. 

— it  was  written  originally  by  Voltaire,  and  adapted 
to  the  English  stage  by  Aaron  Hill — Alzira  was 
printed  in  1736,  and  without  a  second  title — see  B.D. 
and  Barker. 

July  21.  Alzira  9th  time — No  more  bills.     (Bills 
from  B.  M.} 

Giffard  rented  L.  I.  F.  under  Rich — the  Editor  of 
the  B.  D,  by  mistake  says — (Introduction  p.  35) 
Giffard  agreed  for  L.  I.  F.  in  1735,  and  acted  there 
during  the  two  ensuing  years. 

Charles  Hulett  died  in  1736,  aged  35  years — he 
was  perhaps  alive  to  act  Falstaff  on  Nov.  20 — he 
was  endowed  with  great  abilities  for  a  Player,  but 
laboured  under  the  disadvantage  of  a  person  much 
too  corpulent  for  a  Hero  or  a  Lover — his  port  how- 
ever was  well  suited  to  Hemy  8th,  Falstaff,  &c., 
and  he  would  have  acted  many  other  characters 
equally  well,  if  his  application  and  figure  had  been 
proportionable  to  his  other  qualifications — he  was  an 
excellent  Macheath,  and  sang  the  songs  better  than 
Walker — he  was  happy  in  a  strong,  clear  and  melo- 
dious voice ;  his  being  too  sensible  of  this  was  the 
cause  of  his  death :  he  used  to  take  an  idle  pleasure 
in  stealing  unperceived  on  a  person  and  deafening 
him  with  a  loud  hem,  to  show  the  strength  and 
firmness  of  his  lungs :  as  he  was  practising  this 
trick  one  morning,  by  an  extraordinary  effort,  he 
broke  a  blood  vessel,  which  killed  him  in  24  hours. 
(Chetivood.) 

Hulett's  accident  happened  in  the  theatre — Gif- 
fard, who  was  particularly  friendly  to  him,  sent  for 
two  physicians,  but  as  Hulett  was  computed  to  have 
discharged  near  two  gallons  of  blood,  they  thought  it 


HAY.  1736.  485 

in  vain  to  prescribe — Giffard  buried  him  at  his  own 
expense.     (  Curll. ) 

Davies  says,  that  Quin,  who  acted  CJytus  with  ap- 
probation, did  not  act  that  part  in  a  more  character- 
istic manner  than  Hulett ;  the  latter's  voice,  with 
equal  strength,  had  more  variety  of  tone. 


HAY.  1736. 

Pasquin.  This  is  a  Dramatic  Satire  by  Fielding 
— it  consists  of  the  Rehearsal  of  a  Comedy  and  a 
Tragedy ;  the  former  has  little  to  recommend  it,  but 
some  political  strokes,  and  the  following  observation. 

Miss.  But  must  I  go  into  keeping  Mama  ? 

Mrs.  Mayoress.  Child  you  must  do  what's  in 
fashion. 

Miss.  But  I  have  heard  that's  a  naughty  thing. 

Mrs.  M.  That  can't  be  if  your  betters  do  it :  peo- 
ple are  punished  for  doing  naughty  things ;  but  people 
of  quality  are  never  punished  ;  therefore  they  never 
do  any  naughty  things. 

Fustian.  An  admirable  Syllogism  and  quite  in 

character Sneerwell  asks  Trap  wit,  the  Comic 

Poet,  for  his  Epilogue — Trapwit  replies — "  I  have 
"  writ  one  but — Faith,  Sir,  I  can  get  no  one  to  speak 
"  it,  the  actresses  are  so  damn'd  difficult  to  please — 
"  when  first  I  writ  it,  they  would  not  speak  it,  be- 


HAY.  1736. 

"  cause  there  were  not  double  entendres  enough  in 
"it;  upon  which  I  went  to  Mr.  Watts',  and  borrowed 
"  all  his  plays  ;  went  home,  read  over  all  the  Epi- 
"  logues,  and  cram'd  it  as  full  as  possible  ;  and  now 
"  forsooth  it  has  too  many  in  it — Oons,  I  think  we 
"  must  get  a  pair  of  scales  and  weigh  out  a  sufficient 
"  quantity  of  that  same." 

Fustian,  the  Tragic  Poet,  says — "  A  Poet,  under- 
"  goes  a  great  deal  before  he  comes  to  his  3d  night ; 
"  first  with  the  Muses  who  are  humorous  ladies  and 
"  must  be  attended ;  for  if  they  take  it  into  their 
"  head  at  any  time  to  go  abroad  and  leave  you  ;  you 
"  will  pump  your  brain  in  vain :  then,  Sir,  with  the 
"  Master  of  a  Playhouse  to  get  it  acted,  whom  you 
"  generally  follow  a  quarter  of  a  year,  before  you 
"  know  whether  he  will  receive  it  or  no ;  and  then 
"  perhaps  he  tells  you  it  won't  do— or  if  he  should 
"  receive  the  play,  then  you  must  attend  again  to 
"  get  it  writ  into  parts  and  rehearsed — Well  Sir 
"  at  last  the  Rehearsal  begins  ;  then  Sir  begins  ano- 
"  ther  scene  of  trouble  with  the  actors,  some  of 
"  whom  don't  like  their  parts,  and  all  are  continually 
"  plaguing  you  with  alterations :  at  length  after 
"  having  waded  through  all  these  difficulties,  his 
"  play  appears  upon  the  stage,  where  one  man  hisses 
"  out  of  resentment  to  the  author,  a  second  out  of 
"  dislike  to  the  house  ;  a  third  out  of  dislike  to  the 
"  actor,  a  fourth  out  of  dislike  to  the  play,  a  fifth 
"  for  tke  joke's  sake,  a  sixth  to  keep  the  rest  in  com- 
"  pany — enemies  abuse  him,  friends  give  him  up,  the 
"  play  is  damn'd,  and  the  author  goes  to  the  Devil." 

The  Tragedy  is  a  good  Burlesque  and  has  a  vast 
deal  of  Wit  and  Humour— the  subject  is  the  Life  and 


HAY.  1736.  4-87 

Death  of  Queen  Common  Sense — Law,  Physic,  and 
Firebrand  the  Priest  of  the  Sun,  enter  into  a  conspi- 
racy against  her — Law  is  offended  because  she  has 
endeavoured  to  make  him  understood  by  all — Physic 
because  she  has  openly  averr'd 

"  That  Walter  Gruel  is  the  best  Physician." 

and  Firebrand  because  she  does  not  give  sufficient 
power  and  profit  to  Priests  ;  whereas  Queen  Igno- 
rance believes  — 

"  Whate'er  the  Priests  affirm,  and  by  the  Sun 
"  Faith  is  no  Faith  if  it  fall  short  of  that." 

The  Ghost  of  Comedy  says  to  Common  Sense — 

"  Think  not  to  survive 

"  My  murder  long;  for  while  thou  art  on  earth, 
"  The  Convocation  ivill  not  meet  again" 

Firebrand  says  to  Queen  Common  Sense- 
Madam  our  power  is  not  deriv'd  from  you, 
Nor  any  one.     'Twas  sent  us  in  a  box 
From  the  great  Sun  himself  and  carriage  paid  : 
Phaeton  brought  it,  when  he  overturn'd 
The  chariot  of  the  Sun  into  the  sea. 

Q.  C.  S.  Shew  me  the  instrument  and  let  me  read  it. 

Fire.  Madam  you  cannot  read  it  j  for  being  thrown 
Into  the  Sea,  the  water  has  so  damag'd  it, 
That  none  but  Priests  could  ever  read  it  since. 

Q.  C.  S.  And  do  you  think  I  can  believe  this  tale  ? 

Fire.  I  order  you  to  believe  it  and  you  must. 

In  the  conclusion  Firebrand  stabs  Common  Sense ; 


488  .         HAY.  1736. 

but  her  Ghost  rises  and  frightens  Ignorance,  &c.  off 

the  stage. 

Sneerwell.  I  am  glad  you  made  Common  Sense  get 

the  better  at  last:  I  was  under  terrible  apprehen- 
sions for  your  moral. 

Fustian.  Faith  Sir  this  is  almost  the  only  play 

where  she  has  got  the  better  lately. 

Sneerwell.  Pray,  Mr.  Fustian,  how  came  they  to 

give  the  name  of  Entertainments  to  their  Pantomi- 

mical  Farces  ? 

Fust.  Faith  Sir  out  of  their  peculiar  modesty  ; 
intimating  that  after  the  audience  had  been  tired  with 
the  dull  works  of  Shakspeare,  Jonson,  Vanburgh, 
and  others,  they  are  to  be  entertained  with  one  of 
these  Pantomimes — what  these  Entertainments  are, 
I  need  not  inform  you  who  have  seen  'em ;  but  I 
have  often  wondered  how  it  was  possible  for  any  crea- 
ture of  human  understanding,  after  having  been  for 
three  hours  diverted  with  the  productions  of  a  great 
Genius,  to  sit  for  three  more,  and  see  a  set  of  peo- 
ple running  about  the  stage  after  one  another,  with- 
out speaking  one  syllable  *  *  *  and  for  this  the 
town  pays  additional  prices. 

Pasqtiin  had  run  43  nights  in  April  and  was  acted 
some  nights  more — Fielding  called  his  performers 
the  great  Mogul's  company  of  Comedians — Roberts 
acted  Trapwit  and  Firebrand — Lacy  and  Machen 
were  Fustian  and  Sneerwell — Yates  played  Lord 
Place  in  the  Comedy,  and  Law  in  the  Tragedy — but 
on  the  llth  night  of  Pasquin,  he  gave  up  Lord  Place 
to  Mrs.  Charke. 

Fatal  Curiosity.  Old  Wilmot  =  Roberts :  Young 
\Vilmot  =  Davies  :  Eustace  (his  friend)  =  Wooburn  : 


HAY.  1736.  489 

Randal  (servant  to  Old  Wilmot)  =  Blakes  :    Agnes 
(wife  to   Old  Wilmot)  =  Mrs.    Charke:    Chariot  (in 
love  with  Young  Wilmot)  =  Miss  Jones  :    Maria  = 
Miss  Karver  : — scene  Penryn — Wilmot  and  his  wife 
are  reduced  from  affluence  to  poverty — Young  Wil- 
mot returns  from  India — he  is  shipwrecked  on  the 
coast  of  Cornwall — he  is  enabled  to  preserve  his  for- 
tune which  consists  in  jewels — he  discovers  himself 
to  Chariot  with  whom  he  is  in  love — he  has  a  Curio- 
sity to  see  his  parents  without  being  known  to  them 
— he   obtains  an  introduction  to   them — before  he 
retires  to  rest  he  gives   his  mother   the  casket  of 
jewels — her  Curiosity  prompts  her  to  open  it — she 
persuades  her  husband   to  murder  the  stranger — 
after  the  murder  they  discover  him  to  be  their  son 
—Wilmot  stabs  his  wife,  and  then  himself — this  T. 
in  3  acts  is  peculiarly  interesting — it  was  written  by 
Lillo — for  the  real  story  in  1618,   on  which  it  is 
founded,  see  the  postscript  to   Colman's  edition  of 
the  play  in  1783 — Davies,  who  played  Young  Wil- 
mot, was  the  author  of  the  Dramatic  Miscellanies- 
he  says  that  this  T.  was  not  successful  at  first,  but 
that  in  the  following  season  Fielding  tacked  it  to  the 
Historical  Register,  when  it  was  acted  to  more  advan- 
tage and  was  often  repeated — see  Cornish  Shipwreck 
at  Bath  June  12  1813. 

Female  Rake,  or  Modern  Fine  Lady.  Clerimont 
returns  from  abroad  after  a  considerable  absence — he 
and  Celia  were  betrothed — Celia  is  distressed  at 
hearing  of  Clerimont's  return — at  the  conclusion  it 
appears  that  she  was  privately  married — Clerimont 
marries  Libertina — Libertina  is  fond  of  masquerades 
and  other  fashionable  amusements,  but  she  does  no- 


490  D.  L.    1736-1737. 

thing  particularly  wrong — this  is  a  ballad  C.  in  2  acts 
—it  is  a  moderate  piece. 

The  Deposing  and  Death  of  Queen  Gin,  an 
Heroic-Comi-Tragical  Farce,  written  by  Jack  Juni- 
per, a  distiller's  apprentice  just  turned  poet — this  little 
piece  is  founded  on  an  Act  of  Parliament  about  the 
distilleries — it  is  written  in  blank  verse  and  not  with- 
out some  degree  of  humour — it  consists  but  of  two 
scenes — in  the  last  of  them,  Queen  Gin  drinks  a  great 
quantity  of  liquor,  and  at  last  dies. 


D.  L.  1736-1737. 

Sep.  21.  Julius  Csesar  and  What  d'ye  call  it? 

23.  Squire  of  Alsatia — acted  several  times. 

Oct.  5.  Othello 7-  Henry  4th  part  1st. 

9.  Henry  4th  part  2d 12.  Oronooko. 

13.  Wife's  Relief  revived.  Riot=  Quin  :  Volatil 
=  W.  Mills  :  Sir  Tristram  Cash  =  Griffin  :  Young 
Cash  =  Macklin  :  Spitfire  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Arabella  = 
Mrs.  Clive:  Cynthia  =  Mrs.  Thurmond:  Aurelia  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard : — characters  from  an  edition  of  the 
play  printed  in  1736— on  this  revival  it  was  acted  5 
times  successively. 

19.  Henry  8th 21.  Volpone. 

23.  Squire  of  Alsatia.      Belfoud   Sen.  —  Gibber 


D.L.   1736-1737.  491 

Jun.  :  Belfond  Jun.  =  Mil  ward  :  Sir  William  Belfond 
—  Miller:  Sir  Edward  Belfond  =Quin  :  —  rest  omitted. 

29.  Greenwich  Park  -  30.  Love  for  Love. 

Nov.  1.  Double  Gallant  -  3.  Old  Batchelor. 

4.  Tamerlane  -  6.  Double  Dealer. 

8.  Rule  a  Wife  -  9.  Hamlet. 

12.  Mother  in  Law  -  13.  Unhappy  Favourite. 

19-  Timon  of  Athens. 

22.  Rival  Queens.     Alexander  =  Milward  :  Clytus 
=  Quin  :  Cassander  =  Mills  :  Roxana  =  Mrs.  Porter  : 
Statira  =  Mrs.  Gibber  :  —  repeated  on  24  and  26. 

23.  Amphitryon  -  30.  Miser. 

Dec.  2.  Committee.     Careless  =  Mills. 

3.  Cato.     Sempronius  =  Mills. 

4.  Henry  4th  part  2d.     King  =  Mills:  —  probably 
his  last  time  of  acting  —  Da  vies  says  this  was  his  last 
part  —  after  which  he  was  announced  for  Macbeth, 
and  Davies  saw  him  hurrying  to  the  playhouse  be- 
tween 5  and  6  ;  but  he  was  taken  ill  and  Quin  was 
obliged  to  supply  his  place  —  Davies  seems  quite  cor- 
rect, except  that  he  supposes  Mills  to  have  died  in 
Nov.  instead  of  Dec. 

7,  8,  and  9.  Amorous  Widow. 

14.  Venice  Preserved.     Jaffier  =  Milward  :  Pierre 


17.  Love  makes  a  Man. 

21.  Busy  Body  -  22.  Recruiting  Officer. 

23.  Macbeth—  Mills'  name  perhaps  in  the  bill  — 
yet  it  is  odd  he  should  not  have  played  Pierre. 

Jan.  10.  King  Lear. 

11.  Siege  of  Damascus,  Eudocia  =  Mrs.  Gibber  : 
—rest  as  March  22  1735,  except  that  Eumenes  is 
omitted  —  repeated  on  12,  1,5,  18  and  2{). 


492  D.  L.  1736-1737. 

17.  Henry  4th  part  1st 21.  Henry  4th  part  2d. 

27.  Hamlet.  Hamlet  =  Milward  :  Ghost  =  Q  urn : 
Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 

Feb.  1 .  Merry  Wives,  with  the  King  and  the  Miller 
of  Mansfield — seemingly  1st  time.  John  Cockle,  the 
Miller  =  Miller:  the  King  =  Cibber  Jim. :  Richard  = 
Berry :  Lord  Lurewell  =  Este  :  Peggy  =  Mrs.  Prit- 
chard :  Margery  =  Mrs.  Bennet :  Kate  =  Mrs.  Cross  : 
— the  King  loses  his  way  in  Sherwood  Forest — the 
Miller,  who  is  one  of  the  keepers,  treats  him  roughly 
at  first,  but  afterwards  carries  him  to  his  house,  and 
gives  him  a  supper — at  the  conclusion,  the  King 
knights  John  Cockle,  and  settles  1000  marks  a  year 
on  him — this  is  a  neat  little  piece  by  Dodsley — it  was 
acted  with  success. 

5.  Fatal  Marriage.     Isabella  =  Mrs.  Porter. 

7.  Macbeth 8.  Love's  last  Shift. 

10.  Tempest — acted  5  times  successively. 

19.  Cato,  with  a  new  Farce  called  Eurydice,  or  the 
Devil  Henpecked — this  Farce  was  damned,  and  in- 
deed it  did  not  deserve  a  much  better  fate — Fielding 
has  given  the  story  of  Orpheus  and  Eurydice  a  ludi- 
crous turn,  but  without  much  humour — he  jumbles 
these  characters  with  Capt.  Weazel  and  Mr.  Spindle 
— the  impropriety  of  calling  Pluto  the  Devil  is  so 
glaring,  that  one  wonders  a  man  of  good  sense  could 
have  been  guilty  of  it— the  piece  is  printed  without 
the  names  of  the  performers — Macklin's  Biographers 
say  that  he  acted  Capt.  Weazel — for  Eurydice  Hissed 
see  Hay.  1737- 

24.  Mrs.  Porter's  bt.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn 
=  Milward  :  Gonzalez  =  Quin  :  Zara  =  Mrs.  Porter : 
Almeria  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 


D.L.  1736-1737.  493 

28.  Never  acted,  Universal  Passion.  Protheus 
(Benedick)  a  nobleman  of  Genoa  =  Quin  :  Joculo 
the  Court  Jester  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Bellario  (Claudio) 
a  young  Venetian  lord  =W.  Mills:  Gratiano(Leonato) 
the  Duke  of  Genoa  =  Milward  :  Byron  (Don  John) 
bastard-brother  to  the  Duke  =  Berry  :  Gremio  (Con- 
rade)  =  Winstone  :  Lucentius  =  Shepherd  :  Porco  = 
Harper :  Asino  =  Macklin  :  Liberia  (Beatrice)  with 
songs  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Lucilia  (Hero)  =  Mrs.  Butler  : 
Delia  (Margaret)  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : — acted  9  times 
— this  C.  consists  of  Shakspeare's  Much  ado  about 
Nothing,  and  Moliere's  Princess  of  Elis,  badly 
jumbled  together  by  James  Miller — Miller  in  his 
Prologue  acknowledges  his  obligations  to  Shakspeare, 
but  does  not  give  the  least  hint  about  Moliere—  the 
scene  lies  at  Genoa. 

Act  1st.  Bellario  tells  Lucentius,  who  had  been 
his  tutor,  that  he  is  in  love  with  Lucilia,  the  daughter 
of  the  Duke  of  Genoa — he  engages  Joculo  in  his 
interest — as  Lucilia  is  in  the  habit  of  treating  her 
suitors  with  contempt,  Bellario  determines  to  affect 
indifference  towards  her — her  lovers  propose  to  ex- 
hibit some  magnificent  sports  in  honour  of  her  birth- 
day— she  in  contradiction  proposes  to  hunt  in  a  forest 
— Gratiano  expresses  his  wish  to  her  that  she  should 
marry — she  expresses  her  aversion  from  marriage — 
all  this  is  taken  from  Moliere,  but  with  some  altera- 
tions in  the  dialogue — the  remainder  of  the  act  is 
chiefly  from  Shakspeare — a  messenger  gives  Gra- 
tiano a  letter — Liberia  inquires  after  SigniorMontanto 
—Protheus  enters — a  skirmish  of  wit  takes  place 
between  him  and  Liberia — Byron  expresses  his  dis- 
content to  Gremio,  as  Don  John  does  to  Conrade. 


494  D.  L.  1736-1737. 

Act  2d.  Protheus  speaks  to  Bellario  about  women 
in  the  words  of  Benedick — Lucilia  and  Jocnlo  enter 
—Bellario  joins  them — Lucilia  pretends  that  she 
had  fallen  in  love  with  a  nobleman  of  Mantua — Bel- 
lario pretends  to  be  in  love  with  Liberia — Lucilia 
requests  Liberia  not  to  give  Bellario  any  encourage- 
ment— Joculo  recommends  Lucilia  to  take  Bellario 
herself — she  is  offended — this  act  is  chiefly  from 
Moliere,  but  with  some  additions  in  the  dialogue 
from  Shakspeare. 

Act  3d.  Joculo  tells  Lucilia  that  Bellario  had 
rescued  her  father  from  two  ruffians — Gratiano  re- 
quests Lucilia  to  reward  Bellario  with  her  hand— 
Bellario  acknowledges  his  love  for  her — she  consents 
— this  is  chiefly  from  Moliere — from  this  time  Lucilia 
is  turned  into  Hero — the  metamorphosis  is  complete 
— she  becomes  quite  a  different  woman — the  rest  of 
the  act  is  chiefly  from  Shakspeare — Gratiano  proposes 
to  effect  a  match  between  Protheus  and  Liberia  — 
Gremio  tells  Byron  his  plan  for  breaking  off  the 
marriage  between  Bellario  and  Lucilia — Protheus 
overhears  the  conversation  about  Liberia's  love  to 
him — Liberia  overhears  the  conversation  about  Pro- 
theus' love  to  her. 

Act  4th.  Bellario,  Byron,  and  Lucentius,  after 
some  discourse,  go  off  the  stage  to  watch  Lucilia's 
chamber-window  —  Porco,  Asino,  &c.  enter — two 
watchmen  bring  in  Gremio — this  scene  is  badly 
altered  from  Shakspeare — as  is  that  between  Gra- 
tiano, Porco  and  Asino — the  scene  changes  to  a 
church — Bellario  accuses  Lucilia — she  faints — Pro- 
theus, instead  of  the  Friar,  proposes  that  they  should 
pretend  that  Lucilia  is  dead — here  the  act  ends— 


D.  L.   1736-1737.  4-95 

Miller  has  very  injudiciously  transferred  the  remain- 
der of  the  original  scene  to  the  next  act. 

Act  5th.  Protheus  and  Liberia  enter — Protheus 
begins  the  scene  with  saying  "  Soh,  fair  lady,  have 
"  you  been  weeping  all  this  while  ?" — he  promises  to 
challenge  Bellario — this  however  he  does  not  do — 
Gratiano  is  discovered  in  a  melancholy  posture — 
slow  music  is  played — Gratiano  speaks  3  or  4  lines 
from  the  first  speech  in  Twelfth  Night — Bellario  and 
Lucentius  cross  the  stage — Gratiano  challenges  Bel- 
lario—Porco  and  Asino  bring  in  Gremio — this  scene 
is  very  badly  managed — Miller  does  not  tell  us  in 
what  place  he  means  it  to  pass — it  seems  to  pass  in 
the  Duke's  palace — and  consequently  in  a  place  into 
which  Bellario  and  Lucentius  were  not  likely  to  intrude 
themselves — if  we  suppose  the  scene  to  pass  in  the 
street,  as  in  Shakspeare,  we  must  suppose  the  Duke 
to  sit  in  a  melancholy  posture,  and  have  slow  music 
played  to  him,  in  public — besides  it  is  hardly  con- 
sistent with  decorum,  for  the  Duke  of  Genoa  to  give 
a  challenge  to  a  private  nobleman — next  comes  a 
scene  between  Joculo  and  Delia — she  requests  him 
to  intercede  with  Lucilia  for  her — this  is  at  a  time 
when  Lucilia  is  supposed  to  be  dead — the  play  ends 
nearly  as  in  Shakspeare — but  in  this  act  Miller  has 
made  considerable  changes  in  the  dialogue — Bellario 
speaks  some  lines  from  the  Two  Gentlemen  of 
Verona  act  3  scene  1 — it  cannot  be  supposed  that 
a  play  compiled  from  Shakspeare  and  Moliere  should 
be  a  bad  one — Miller  has  however  altered  Much 
ado  about  Nothing  in  a  manner  disgraceful  to  himself, 

and  highly  injurious  to  Shakspeare the  person 

who   finished   Whincop's   List  of  Dramatic   Poets, 


496  D.  L.   1736-1737. 

says  that  the  Universal  Passion  is  an  alteration  of 
All's  well  that  ends  well — this  is  an  unpardonable 
mistake  j  as  if  he  thought  it  too  much  trouble  to 
read  the  play,  he  might  at  least  have  been  silent. 

March  10.  Quin's  bt.  Measure  for  Measure. 
Duke  =  Quin  :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Gibber. 

12.  Mrs.  dive's  bt.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John 
Brute  =  Quiri :  Constants  Mil  ward  :  Heartfree=  W. 
Mills  :  Razor  =  Macklin  :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs. 
Clive  :  Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Thurmond: — after  the 
play,  a  new  ballad,  called  the  Lady's  Lamentation 
for  Senesino,  to  be  sung  by  Mrs.  Clive  : — with  Devil 
to  Pay. 

15.  Mil  ward's  bt.  Orphan.  Castalio  =  Milward  : 
Chamont=:Quin  :  Polydore=-W.  Mills:  Monimia  = 
Mrs.  Gibber : — with  Old  Man  taught  Wisdom. 

17.  Scornful  Lady — this  was  probably  Mrs.  Fur- 
nival's  1st  appearance — see  Irish  Stage  1740. 

19.  Beggar's  Opera.     Pollys  Mrs.  Clive  :  Lucy  = 
Mrs.  Thurmond. 

22.  Conscious  Lovers.     Sealand  =  Milward. 
24.  For  bt.  of  Gibber  Jim.  Universal  Passion,  with 
King  and  Miller  of  Mansfield. 

26.  Johnson's  bt.  Love  for  Love. 

29.  Tender  Husband  and  Mock  Doctor. 
April  12.  Strategem 15.  Man  of  Taste. 

20.  Mrs.  Gibber's  bt.  Orphan  and  Mock  Doctor. 

27.  Way  of  the  World. 

May  2.  Mourning  Bride.    Zara  =  Mrs.  Thurmond. 

4.  Relapse. 

5.  For  bt.  of  Macklin  and  Mrs.  Furnival.  Provoked 
Husband.     Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Furnival. 

7.  Distressed  Mother.     Orestes  =  Milward  :  Pyrr- 


D.  L.   1736-1737.  97 

bus  is  omitted  :    Hermione  =  Mrs.  Butler  :    Andro- 
mache —  Mrs.  Gibber. 

9.  Spanish  Fryar.  Dominic  —  Quin  :  Gomez  = 
Griffin  :  Torrismond  =  Mil  ward  :  Raymond  — 
Boman  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Thurmond:  Elvira  =  Mrs. 
Clive. 

11.  Twin  Rivals.  Alderman  —  Johnson  :  Subtle- 
man  =  Macklin. 

17.  Cato,  with  a  new  Farce  called  the  Eunuch,  or 
the  Darby  Captain.  Capt.  Brag  (Thraso)  =;  Mack- 
lin :  Courtly  Sen.  (PhaBdrta)  =  Este :  Courtly  Jun. 
(Chserea)  =  Stoppelear  :  Needy  (Griatho)  =  Turbutt : 
Bevil  (Chremes)  =  Cole  :  Trusty  (Parmeno)  =.  Win- 
stone  :  the  Eunuch  =  Leigh  :  Dorinda  (Thais)  = 
Miss  Brett :  Belinda  (Pamphila)  =  Mrs.  Villeneuve  : 
Lettice  =  Mrs.  Bennet : — this  Farce  with  songs  was 
written  by  Cooke — it  seems  to  have  been  acted  but 
once — it  is  professedly  a  translation  from  Terence 
with  some  slight  additions  from  Plautus — Cooke  has 
adapted  the  plot,  as  well  as  he  could,  to  modern 
times— the  principal  alteration  is,  that  Capt  Brag  is 
not  only  a  braggadosio,  but  a  kidnapper — he  is  said 
to  have  stolen  Belinda — at  the  conclusion  he  is 
forced  to  marry  Lettice  by  whom  he  had  had  a  child 
— the  scene  lies  at  a  village  near  London  -  for  the 
plot  see  the  Eunuch  at  D.  L.  July  9  1717. 

Macklin  explained  the  phrase  of  a  Derby  Captain, 
by  saying,  that  there  was  a  house  in  Covent  Ganlrii 
for  many  years  remarkable  for  selling  Derbyshire 
ale,  which  was  cheap  and  much  drank  :  the  long 
calm  which  succeeded  the  peace  of  Utrect,  reduced 
a  great  number  of  officers  who  had  been  in  the  Duke 

KK 


498  D.  L.    1736-1737. 

of  Marlborough's  wars  ;  and  as  they  had  but  a  scanty 
provision  to  live  on,  those  who  settled  in  London, 
and  particularly  those  about  the  neighbourhood  of 
Covent  Garden,  found  great  convenience  in  frequent- 
ing this  house ;  which  they  did  in  time  to  the 
amount  of  such  numbers,  that  they  were  called  by 
way  of  cant  name  "  the  Derby  Captains."  (Cooke's 
life  of  Macklm.) 

In  the  Confederates  1717  Gay  is  made  to  say— 

"  Not  far  from  hence,  there  is  a  noted  lane, 
"  Where  Darby  Captains  ev'ry  night  abound, 
"  For  want  of  valour  and  of  pence  renown'd : 
"  These  I'll  engage  ;  and  that  they  may  not  fail, 
"  Bribe  them  with  mutton  chops  and  pots  of  ale." 

25.  Mother  in  Law.     Agnes  =  Miss  Wright,  her 
1st  appearance. 

30.  Amorous  Widow.     Barnaby  Brittle  —  Griffin  : 
Lovemore  =  W.   Mills  :  Sir  Peter  Pride  =  Johnson  : 
Merryman  =  Harper :    Clodpole  =  Miller  :    Jeffery  = 
Macklin  :  Wanton  Wife  =  Mrs.  Clive  :   Damaris  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard. 

31.  Recruiting   Officer — last   bill.      (Bills  from 
B.  M.} 

The  Compiler  of  the  bills  in  the  B.  M.  by  writing  on 

separate  pieces  of  paper  has  made  strange  confusion; 

one  scrap  of  paper,  without  any  date  of  the  Month, 

is  pasted  in  the  book  between  April  11  and  April  12 

—on  a  careful  examination  it  seems  pretty  clear  that 

the  paper  belonged  to  May the  Manuscript  for 

the  first  part  of  this  season  contains  little  more  than 
the  names  of  the  plays. 


D.  L.   1736-1737.  499 

On  the  5th  of  May  1737,  the  footmen,  on  account 
of  their  rudeness,  having  been  denied  admission  into 
the  gallery  which  till  then  had  been  appropriated  for 
their  use,  a  body  of  300  of  them,  armed  with  offen- 
sive weapons,  broke  open  the  door  of  D.  L.,  and, 
forcibly  obtruding  themselves  on  the  stage,  wounded 
C25  persons — the  Prince  and  Princess  of  Wales,  with 
some  other  of  the  Royal  Family,  were  in  the  house 
at  the  time — Colonel  De  Veil,  who  was  also  present, 
after  attempting  in  vain  to  read  the  riot  act,  caused 
some  of  the  ringleaders  to  be  seized,  and  30  of  them 
were  sent  to  Newgate — Fleetwood  received  a  letter, 
in  which  the  footmen  claimed  admission  into  the 
gallery  as  a  matter  of  right,  and  threatened  to  reduce 
the  playhouse  to  the  ground,  if  their  claim  should  be 
refused — but  a  guard  of  50  soldiers  being  appointed 
for  several  nights,  the  footmen  made  no  further 
attempts.  (Nicols') — see  the  beginning  of  D.  L.  1697- 

John  Mills  had  been  on  the  stage  40  years — in 
person  he  was  inclined  to  the  athletic  size,  his  fea- 
tures were  large,  but  not  expressive  ;  his  voice  was 
manly  and  powerful,  but  not  flexible,  his  action  and 
deportment  decent —  (Davies)  — Gibber  says  that  as 
an  actor  he  had  as  few  faults  as  excellencies,  but  from 
his  diligence  and  sobriety  he  grew  into  favour  with 
Wilks,  and  was  advanced  to  a  larger  salary  than  any 

actor  during  the  time  Gibber  was  on  the  stage in 

1709  no  actor  had  more  than  £5  per  week — Davies 
says  Betterton  had  but  £4 — but  then  he  had  £1  for 
his  wife,  who  had  left  the  stage — in  1709  Mills  had 
£4  for  himself,  and  £1  for  his  wife — not  long  after 
that  time  Wilks,  Gibber  and  Dogget,  and  then  Booth, 

K    K  2 


500      •  D.  L.   1736-1737. 

became   managers — this   accounts   for  Mills'  salary 
being  larger  than  that  of  any  other  actor. 

Mills  appears  to  have  been  a  very  respectable 
actor  in  his  proper  line  ;  but  partly  by  the  partiality 
of  Wilks,  and  partly  by  the  exigencies  of  the  the- 
atre, to  have  been  put  into  parts  for  which  he  was 
badly  qualified. 


Mills'  characters — selection  only. 

D.  L.  1696.  *Jack  Stanmore  in  Oronooko. 

1697«  Leontius  in  Humorous  Lieutenant. 

1702.  *Trusty  in  Funeral  —  *Dugard  in  Incon- 
stant— *Trueman  in  Twin  Rivals. 

Hay.  1706-1707.  Edmund  in  Lear— Lord  More- 
love  in  Careless  Husband — Leon — Volpone — *  Aim- 
well — Col.  Standard — Roderigo  in  Pilgrim — Amphi- 
tryon—  Ghost  in  Hamlet  —  Villeroy  -  -  Timon  of 
Athens — Petruchio  in  Sauny — Bosola  in  Dutchess  of 
Malfy. 

1707-1708.  Pierre — *Seofrid  in  Royal  Convert — 
Banquo. 

D.  L.  1708.  Horatio  in  Hamlet — Younger  Love- 
less in  Scornful  Lady — Corvino  in  Volpone — Don 
John  in  Libertine — Prospero. 

1708-1709.  Bevil  in  Epsom  Wells— *  Charles  in 
Busy  Body — Agamemnon  in  Troilus  and  Cressida. 

1710-1711.  Melantius  in  Maid's  Tragedy— Anto- 
nio in  Jew  of  Venice. 

1711-1712.  Macbeth— Mithridates — Young  Rak- 
ish in  Schoolboy — *Pylades  in  Distressed  Mother- 
Roebuck  in  Love  and  a  Bottle. 


D.  L.   1736-1737.  .501 

1712-1713.  Julius  Csesar — *Semproniu8. 

1713-1714.  *Belmour  in  Jane  Shore— *Col.  Bri- 
ton in  Wonder. 

1714-1715.  *  Freehold  in  Country  Lasses— King 
in  Henry  4th  part  1st— Caius  Marius — Chamont. 

1715-1716.  Buckingham  in  Richard  3d — Worthy 
in  Relapse — Sir  Friendly  Moral  in  Lady's  last'Stake 
— Aboan — Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st — *Fantome 
in  Drummer. 

1716-1717.  Bajazet — Titus  Andronicus. 

1717-1718.     Apemantus — Caratach  in  Bonduca. 

1718-1719.  Polydore  —  Ventidius  —  Timoleon  in 
Bondman. 

1719-1720.  *Caled  in  Siege  of  Damascus. 

1720-1721.  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  2d— *Zanga 
— Cassius. 

1721-1722.  Face  in  Alchemist — Emperour  in  Au- 
renge-Zebe — Marcian  in  Theodosius. 

1722-1723.  *Sir  John  Bevil  in  Conscious  Lovers. 

1723-1724.  Cranmer. 

1725-1726.  Horatio  in  Fair  Penitent. 

1726-1727.  Theseus  in  Phaedra  and  Hippolitus. 

1727-1728.  *  Manly  in  Provoked  Husband. 

1728-1729.  King  Lear. 

1729-1730.  Othello— Osmyn  in  M.  B. 

1730-1731.  Cato. 

1732-1733.  Torrismond — Jupiter  in  Amphitryon 
— Orestes — Hamlet. 

1734-1735.  Wolsey — Eumenes  in  Siege  of  Damas- 
cus— Constant  in  Provoked  Wife. 

1735-1736.  Elder  Wou'dbe  in  Twin  Rivals. 

Many  important  parts  in  obscure  plays  are  omitted. 

*  Originally, 


502  ».  L.   1736-1737. 

Mrs.  Thurmond's  name  does  not  occur  after  this 
season — she  had  a  pleasing  person  and  a  good  voice 
— from  the  variety  of  parts  which  she  acted,  she  must 
have  been  an  useful  acquisition  to  any  theatre — she 
quitted  the  stage  while  her  performance  was  at  the 
best,  and  at  that  time  left  behind  her  few  that  ex- 
celled her.  (Chetwood.) 


Mrs.  Thurmond's  characters — selection  only. 

L.  I.  F.  1714-1715.  Portia  in  Jew  of  Venice. 

1715-1716.  Arabella  in  Wife's  Relief — Alinda  in 
Pilgrim — Mrs.  Gripe  in  Woman  Captain. 

1716-1717.  *Belindain  Artful  Husband— Ophelia. 

1717-1718..  Leetitia  in  Old  Batchelor— Victoria  in 
Fatal  Marriage — Peg  the  Shrew  in  Sauny — Calista 
— Arpasia  in  Tamerlane. 

D.  L.  1718-1719.  Aspatia  in  Maid's  Tragedy  — 
Almeria  in  Mourning  Bride — *Myris  in  Busiris— 
Hypolita  in  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not — Alcmena 
in  Amphitryon. 

1719-1720.  Desdemona  —  Angelica  in  Love  for 
Love — Lady  Macduff — Rutland. 

1720-1721.  Leonora  in  Sir  Courtly  Nice — Queen 
in  Spanish  Fryar  and  Hamlet — Narcissa  in  Love's 
last  Shift — Portia  in  J.  C. — Ruth  in  Committee. 

1721-1722.  Imoinda  in  Oronooko. 

1722-1723.  Silent  Woman. 

1723-1724i.  Bisarre  in  Inconstant  —  Mrs.  Con- 
quest in  Lady's  last  Stake — *  Harriet  in  Hill's  Henry 
5th. 

1726-1727.  Sylvia  in  R.  O. 


C.G.    1736-1737.  503 

1727-17^8.  *LadyWronghead. 

G.  F.  1732-1733.  Anna  Bullen  iii  Virtue  Betrayed 
— Polly  Peachum — Berinthia  in  Relapse. 

1733-1734.  Queen  Elizabeth  in  Unhappy  Favourite 
— Roxana — Lady  Sadlife. 

D.  L.  1734-1735.  Marcia  in  Cato— Belvidera— 
Queen  in  Richard  3d — Queen  in  Henry  8th. 

1736.1737.  Cynthia  in  Wife's  Relief— Lady  Brute 
— Lucy  Lockit — Zara  in  M.  B. 

*   Originally. 


C.  G.  1736-1737. 

Sept.  15.  Theodosius 20.  Rule  a  Wife. 

24.  Recruiting  Officer 27.  Orphan. 

Oct.  1.  Way  of  the  World 4.  (Edipus. 

6.  Rival  Queens 8.  Strategem. 

11.  Venice  Preserved 13.  Love's  last  Shift. 

18.  Country  Wife 27.  Beggar's  Opera. 

29.  London  Cuckolds 30.  Albion  Queens. 

Nov.  2.  Provoked  Husband 4.  Tamerlane. 

8.  King  Lear—  —15,  16  and  17«  Volpone. 

22.  Provoked  Wife 29.  Busy  Body. 

Dec.  2.  Oronooko 4.  All  for  Love. 

9  and  10. Mrs.  Horton  acted  the  Scornful  Lady. 

20.  Royal  Merchant 21.  Macbeth. 

29,  30  and  31  are  omitted. 


504  c.  G.  1736-1737. 

Jan.  3.  Rover ^-8.  Conscious  Lovers. 

101  Old  Batchelor  and  Flora. 

17.  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not. 

21.  Confederacy 25  and  27.  Achilles. 

28.  Jane  Shore  and  Cheats  of  Scapin. 

Feb.  3.  Committee 11.  Fair  Penitent. 

15  and  17-  Cymbeline — probably  D'Urfey's. 

26.  King  John — this  revival  was  owing  to  Gibber's 
alteration  of  the  play,  which  had  been  put  into  Re- 
hearsal at  D.  L.,  but  was  afterwards  withdrawn — see 
Papal  Tyranny  C.  G.  Feb.  15  1745 — so  much  had 
been  said  by  the  critics,  who  wrote  against  Gibber,  in 
commendation  of  the  original  play,  that  Rich  wisely 
determined  to  take  the  hint  and  revive  it. 

This  play  was  acted  with  applause,  but  King  John 
did  not  suit  Delane — Walker  was  excellent  in  Faul- 
conbridge — tho'  Garrick,  Sheridan,  Delane,  and 
Barry,  all  of  them  afterwards  acted  this  part,  yet 
they  all  fell  short  of  Walker — in  him  alone  were 
found  the  several  requisites  for  the  character — a 
strong  and  muscular  person,  a  bold  and  intrepid 
look,  manly  deportment,  vigorous  action,  and  a  hu- 
mour which  descended  with  an  easy  familiarity  in 
conveying  a  jest  or  sarcasm  with  uncommon  poig- 
nancy. 

Mrs.  Hallam  in  Constance  was  natural  and  im- 
passioned.    (DaviesJ 

There  is  an  old  play  on  the  story  of  King  John  in 
two  parts,  from  which  Shakspeare  has  borrowed  the 
conduct  of  his  piece,  as  well  as  some  of  the  lines— 
the  1st  part  ends  with  Hubert's  telling  the  King  that 
he  had  saved  Arthur  ;  that  is  with  the  2d  scene  of 
Shakspeare's  4th  act — the  incidents  are  pretty  much 


c.  G.  1736-1737.  50,5 

the  same,   except  that  Shakspeare  has  omitted  the 
scene  in    which  the  Bastard   threatens  to  hang  a 
Friar,  unless  he  will  tell  him  where  the  Abbot  keeps 
his  gold;   the  Friar  points  to  a  chest,  from  which 
when  it  is  opened,  out  comes  a  Nun  ;  the  Bastard  is 
going  to  hang  Friar  Antony,  she  promises  to  show 
him  a  press  belonging  to  an  old  Nun  with  plate  and 
money  to  the  amount  of  1000  marks— the  press  is 
opened  and  out  comes  Friar  Lawrence — these  must 
have  been   famous  Clap-traps — the  2d   part  begins 
with  Arthur  throwing  himself  down  from  the  prison 
walls — the  conduct  of  this  part  does  not  differ  ma- 
terially from  Shakspeare,  except  that  the  King  is 
poisoned  on  the  stage  by  a  Monk — a  circumstance  in 
all  probability  not  true,  as  it  is  not  mentioned  by  the 
contemporary  historians — the    old  play,  as  well  as 
Shakspeare,  represents  King  John  as  dying  at  Swin- 
stead  Abbey — he  crossed  from   Lynn  in  Norfolk  to 
Lincolnshire,   a  road  which  can  only  be  travelled 
when  the  tide  is  out,  and  which  is  still  always  dan- 
gerous in  case  of  any  delay — there  he  lost  all  his 
baggage,  but  got  safe  himself  to  Swineshead  Abbey 
in  the  Fens  of  Lincolnshire ;    he  was  carried  in  a 
litter  the  next  day  to  Sleaford,  and  the  day  after  to 
Newark  where  he  died — see  Rapin — Swinstead  is 
situated  in  that  part  of  Lincolnshire  which  borders 
on  the  Counties  of  Rutland  and  Leicester,  at  a  dis- 
tance of  at  least  20  miles  from   those   "  Lincoln 
Washes"  mentioned  by  Shakspeare — and  at  Swin- 
stead there  never  was  an  Abbey. 

March  7-    Mrs.  Horton's  bt.     Relapse  and  Mock 
Countess. 

14.  Othello  and  Mock  Lawyer. 


506  L.  i.  F    1736-1737. 

24.  Merry  Wives.  Falstaff:=  Delane  :  Page  =  A. 
Hallam  :  Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

31.  Mourning  Bride.    Zara  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

April  14.  Stephens*  bt.  Henry  4th  1st  part.  Fal- 
staff  —  Stephens  :  King  =  Bridgewater :  Prince  of 
Wales  =  Ryan  :  Hotspur  =.  Walker :  Francis  —  Hip- 
pisley. 

26.  Plain  Dealer. 

28.  Momus  turned  Fabulist 29.  Merry  Wives. 

May  3.  Spanish  Fryar 6.  Distressed  Mother. 

20.  Jubilee — probably  Constant  Couple. 

27.  King  John — about  10th  time — last  bill. 

The  Manuscript  in  the  B.  M.  for  this  season  con- 
tains little  more  than  the  names  of  tfte  plays. 


GIFFARD's  COMPANY  AT  L.  I.  F.  1736-1737- 

Sep.  28.  King  Arthur. 

Oct.  5  and  7.  Wife's  Relief 9.  Wonder. 

12.  Constant  Couple 14.  Alzira. 

16, 19,  21  and  23.   Mithridates. 

26.  Provoked  Husband 28.  Cato. 

Nov.  4.  Tamerlane 6.  Love  makes  a  Man. 

9.  Inconstant 13.  Recruiting  Officer. 

16.  Beggar's  Opera 18.  Sauny  the  Scot. 

20.  Henry  4th  part  1st 27.  Oronooko. 

29.  Ignoramus,  or  the  English  Lawyer — acted  5 
times. 


L.  i.  F.   1736-1737.  507 

Dec.  6.  Unhappy  Favourite 10.  Gamester. 

13.  Country  Lasses 17-  Tunbridge  Walks. 

18.  Committee 21.  Indian  Emperour. 

Jan.  3.  Merry  Wives,  with  Beggar's  Pantomime, 
or  the  Contending  Colombines.  Harlequin  Mac- 
heath  =  Lun.  Jun. :  Manager  =  Cox :  Beggar  = 
Hewitt :  Deputy  Manager  =  Mrs.  Charke  :  Squire 
Rustick  =  Yates :  Clown  =  Penkethman  :  Ghost  of 
Gay  =  Lyon  :  Polly  =  Mrs.  Roberts :  A  Pretender  to 
Polly  =  Mrs.  Hamilton  :  Jenny  Diver  &c. — the  part 
of  Pistol  is  omitted  in  the  D.  P. — it  was  probably 
played  by  Woodward — this  piece  was  perhaps  brought 
out  before  the  3d  of  Jan. — a  3d  edition  of  it  was 
printed  in  1736  O.  S. — it  is  said  in  the  titlepage 
to  be  written  by  Lun  Junior — that  is  by  Woodward 
—in  his  dedication  to  Mrs.  Clive  and  Mrs.  Gibber, 
who  had  had  a  violent  contention  for  the  part  of 
Polly,  he  says — "  When  I  publickly  declare  this 
"  trifling  piece  was  meant  only  to  promote  the 
"  theatre  to  which  I  belong,  I  hope  you  will  have 
"  more  good-nature  than  to  imagine  I  designed  to 
"  affront  two  Ladies  I  am  utterly  a  stranger  to.  Your 
"  Paper  War  making  such  a  bustle  about  the  town, 
"  and  its  being  so  much  the  publick  talk  of  coffee- 
"  houses,  I  thought  it  no  bad  scheme,  to  make  use  of 
"  the  opportunity,  and  introduce  something,  like 
"  your  Contention,  upon  our  stage ;  I  immediately 
"  made  use  of  the  subject,  and  (at  a  time  it  was  most 
"  alive)  resolv'd  to  bring  it  out;  the  Pantomime, 
"  Songs,  and  Scenery  were  all  finished  and  ready  to 
"  be  exhibited  in  ten  days." 

The  Prologue  is  a  long  air  to  the  tune  of  Chevy 
Chase. 


508      .  L.  i.  F.  1736-1737. 

"  Heav'n  prosper  long  our  noble  King, 

"  Our  lives  and  safeties  all, 
"  A  woful  quarrel  late  there  did, 

"  In  Drury-Lane  befall. 

"  To  charm  the  Pit  with  speech  and  song, 
"  Dame  Gibber  took  her  way  ; 

"  Players  may  rue,  who  are  unborn, 
"  The  quarrel  of  that  day. 

"  Gibber,  the  Syren  of  the  stage, 
"  A  vow  to  heav'n  did  make, 

"  Full  twenty  nights  in  Polly's  part, 
"  She'd  make  the  play-house  shake. 

"  When  as  these  tidings  came  to  Clive, 
"  Fierce  Amazonian  dame  ; 

"  *  Who  is  it  thus,'  in  rage  she  cries, 
"  '  Dares  rob  me  of  my  claim.' " 


"  With  that  she  to  the  Green-room  flew, 
"  Where  Gibber  meek  she  found  ; 

"  And  sure  if  friends  had  not  been  by, 
"  She  had  fell'd  her  to  the  ground." 


"  But  now  each  loving  spouse  engaged, 

"  In  honour  of  his  wife  ; 
"  Each  drew  his  mortal  grey-goose  quill, 

"  And  writ  away  for  life." 


L.  i.  F.  1736-1737.  509 

"  At  length  bold  Pistol  thus  did  say, 

"  As  one  in  doleful  dumps, 
"  '  My  wife  shall  have  the  part,  or  I'll 

"  My  pen  write  to  the  stumps.' 

"  O  then  he  writ  at  such  a  rate, 

"  That  in  each  dreadful  page, 
"  Truth,  Sense,  and  English  all  did  fall 

"  The  victims  of  his  rage." 

The  Manager  decides  in  favour  of  Mrs.  Clive. 

"  *  O  heavy  news'  then  Pistol  cry'd, 

"  With  that  he  wept  full  sore ; 
"  *  O  heavy  news'  his  wife  reply 'd, 

"  Then  fainted  on  the  floor. 

"  Heav'n  save  the  King,  and  bless  the  land 

"  With  plenty,  joy,  and  peace, 
"  And  grant  henceforth  that  foul  debates, 

"  Twixt  Actresses  may  cease." 

The  first  3  scenes  are  in  the  usual  manner  of  a 
Harlequinade — the  4th  scene  lies  in  Newgate. 

"  After  the  Stage  has  stood  some  time. 
Enter  Beggar  in  a  hurry. 

Beggar.  Mr.  Prompter !  Mr.  Prompter  I  (Enter 
Prompter.)  What  the  Devil  is  the  meaning  of  this 
stop  ?  Have  you  a  design  to  ruin  me  ?  Why,  the 
Stage  has  stood  this  hour. 

Promp.  I  assure  you  'tis  none  of  my  fault,  but 
Mrs.  Roberts  and  Mrs.  Hamilton  are  quarrelling  who 
shall  do  the  first  Colombine  ;  they  scolded  as  long  as 
they  had  breath,  and  now  they  have  set  themselves 


510  L.I.  F.  1736-1737. 

down  to  send  letters  to  the  public  papers,  to  inform 
the  town  of  their  ill  usage." 

Mrs.  Roberts  and  Mrs.  Hamilton  contend  in  3  or 
4  pages  of  singing — the  Ghost  of  Gay  decides  in 
favour  of  Mrs.  Roberts — the  piece  then  proceeds  as 
a  Harlequinade,  till  the  last  scene,  when  Pistol  and 
his  wife  are  discovered  in  mourning. 

Victor  in  a  letter  to  Theophilus  Gibber  in  1751 
says — "  when  Mrs.  Gibber  was  cast  for  Polly,  she 
"  was  very  young,  handsome,  and  an  approved  good 
"  singer  ;  she  had  every  requisite  to  make  the  best 
"  Polly  that  had  ever  appeared — and  so  had  Mrs. 
"  Clive  for  Lucy ;  it  would  undoubtedly  have  been 
"  a  fine  entertainment  so  performed — but  Clive  was 
"  then  in  possession  of  the  public  voice — she  was 
"  disgusted  at  the  thoughts  of  losing  Polly,  and 
"  lodged  her  complaint — what  a  storm  was  raised! 
"  but  their  favourite,  right  or  wrong,  was  to  be  sup- 
"  ported,  tho*  against  judgment  and  common  sense 
"  — I  remember  I  was  one  of  your  friends  that 
"  advised  you  to  give  it  up — your  wife  was  then  new 
"  to  the  stage,  and  the  match,  as  to  popularity,  was 
"  unequal ;  and  so  the  only  opportunity  of  seeing 
"  the  Beggar's  Opera  in  perfection  was  lost." 

Fielding,  in  his  Historical  Register  for  1736,  makes 
Pistol  (Theophilus  Gibber)  address  the  Mob  thus — 

"  Say  then,  oh  Town,  is  it  your  Royal  Will, 
"  That  my  great  Consort  represent  the  part 
"  Of  Polly  Peachum  in  the  Beggar's  Opera  ?" 

(See  Hay.  1737  for  the  conclusion  of  Pistol's 
speech.) 


L.  i.  F.   1736-1737.  511 

In  the  next  act,  Sowrwit  a  critic  says  to  Medley 
the  author — "  Hey-day !  What's  become  of  your 
"  two  Pollys  ? — Medley.  Damn'd,  Sir,  damn'd  ; 
"  they  were  damn'd  at  my  first  rehearsal,  for  which 
"  reason  I  have  cut  them  out ;  and  to  tell  you  the 
"  truth,  I  think  the  Town  has  honoured  'em  enough 
"  with  talking  of  them  for  a  whole  month  ;  tho', 
"  faith,  I  believe,  it  was  owing  to  their  having  nothing 
"  else  to  talk  of." 

In  Dec.  1747  Mrs.  Cibber  acted  Polly,  and  Mrs. 
Clive,  Lucy  at  D.  L. — nothing  probably  would  have 
induced  Mrs.  Clive  to  have  resigned  Polly  to  Mrs. 
Cibber ;  but  as  she  had  previously  and  of  her  own 
accord  resigned  the  part  to  Miss  Edwards,  and 
played  Lucy ;  she  could  not  well  object  to  play  Lucy 
to  Mrs.  Gibber's  Polly. 

It  is  strange  that  Victor  in  1751  should  not  have 
recollected,  that  these  two  great  actresses  had  several 
times  performed  together  in  the  Beggar's  Opera. 

Jan  4.  Old  Batchelor 6.  Hamlet. 

10.  All  Alive  and  Merry — this  C.  is  attributed  to 
Johnson,  who  wrote  Hurlothrumbo — it  was  acted  7 
times  successively,  but  it  is  not  printed. 

24  and  25.  Pasquin. 

Feb.  1.  Sir  Harry  Wildair — acted  4  times — it 
does  not  appear  from  the  bills  that  this  play  was  ever 
revived  except  at  this  time. 

5.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife 8.  London  Merchant. 

12.  Never  acted,  Independent  Patriot,  or  Musical 
Folly.  Gripeacre  =  W.  Giffard :  Sanguine  =  Wright : 
Roseband  (chaplain  to  Lady  Warble)  =  Havard  : 
Medium  =  Johnson  :  Addle  =  Giffard  :  Spruce  = 
Woodward:  Julia —Mrs.  Giffard:  Lady  Warble  = 


L.  i.  F.    1736-1737. 

Mrs.  Roberts  :  Dulcissa  =  Mrs.  Hamilton  : — acted  3 
times — Sanguine  makes  great  professions  of  Inde- 
pendence and  Patriotism — Medium  is  an  Indepen- 
dent Patriot,  but  as  he  does  not  make  any  ostenta- 
tious display  of  his  principles,  the  first  title,  of  the 
play  seems  to  point  at  Sanguine  ironically — Lady 
Warble  is  fond  of  Music — Dulcissa  is  extravagantly 
fond  of  it — this  C.  was  written  by  Lynch — it  has  on 
the  whole  considerable  merit — the  fault  of  it  is  that 
there  is  a  great  deal  too  much  of  politics  in  it- 
Musical  Folly  is  pretty  well  ridiculed — Roseband 
is  a  pleasing  character. 

21.  Never  acted,  Tutor  for  the  Beaus,  or  Love  in 
a  Labyrinth.  Lord  Modely  =  Bardin  :  Sir  Charles 
Freelove  =  Johnson :  Belvilie  =  Wright :  Lord  Manly 
=  Rosco  :  Young  Manly  =  Woodward  :  Heartly  =. 
W.  Giffard :  Harriot  =  Mrs.  Roberts  :  Lady  Betty 
Manly  =  Miss  Hughes  :  Lady  Worthy  =  Mrs.  Mar- 
shal : — acted  3  times — this  C.  was  written  by  Hewitt 
— it  consists  of  two  distinct  pieces,  not  united,  but 
forced  into  contact  in  the  last  scene— my  copy  wants 
the  preface — the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  says,  that  Hewitt 
acknowledges  that  his  play  was  compiled  from 
Boissy's  Frenchman  in  London,  and  a  Spanish  Co- 
medy— Lord  Modely  and  Heartly  are  cousins — Lord 
Modely  had  been  educated  in  France — he  has  a 
great  contempt  for  the  English,  and  a  very  high  opi- 
nion of  himself — each  of  them  pays  his  addresses  to 
Lady  Worthy,  who  is  ayoung  widow,  and  the  daughter 
of  Lord  Manly — she  loves  Lord  Modely,  but  does 
not  esteem  him — she  esteems  Heartly,  but  does  not 
love  him — at  the  conclusion  she  marries  Heartly  by 
her  father's  recommendation — Lord  Modely  makes 


L.  i.  F.  1736-1737.  513 

his  exit  with  saying,  that  she  is  a  greater  loser  by  her 
determination  than  himself — the  Tutor  for  the  Beaus 
is  little  more  than  a  translation  of  Boiss/s  Comedy 
—the  only  material  difference  between  them  is,  that 
Lord  Modely  and  Heartly  are  Englishmen  instead  of 
Frenchmen — the^  Spanish  Comedy,  from  which  Hewitt 
borrowed  Love  in  a  Labyrinth,  must  be  that  from 
which  Ravenscroft  borrowed  his  Wrangling  Lovers 
— see  D.  G.  1676 — the  similarity  between  some  parts 
of  the  Wonder  and  Love  in  a  Labyrinth  is  easily  ac- 
counted for — Mrs.  Centlivre  is  greatly  indebted  to 
Ravenscroft. 

March  1.  Never  acted,  King  Charles  1st.  King 
Charles  =  Giffard  :  Oliver  Cromwell  =  Wright:  Fair- 
fax =  Johnson  :  Bishop  Juxon  =  Havard  :  Marquis  of 
Lindsey  =  Richardson  :  Bradshaw  =  Rosco  :  Queen 
=  Mrs.  Giffard :  Lady  Fairfax  —  Mrs.  Roberts  : — this 
is  not  a  bad  play  ;  the  great  fault  of  it  is  want  of 
incident — the  deviations  from  history,  as  they  chiefly 
relate  to  the  domestic  concerns  of  the  King,  are  not 
very  exceptionable  even  in  so  well  known  a  story — 
Havard  is  a  little  partial  to  the  King,  but  not  grossly 
so — in  the  D.  P.  it  should  have  been  the  Earl,  not 
the  Marquis  of  Lindsey — Charles  Fox  in  his  Histo- 
rical work,  observes,  that  it  would  have  been  better 
to  have  imprisoned  or  banished  Charles  the  1st  than 
to  have  executed  him,  and  that  the  opportunity  thus 
given  him  to  display  his  firmness  and  piety  has  created 
more  respect  to  his  memory  than  it  could  otherwise 
have  obtained — Sallust  had  before  remarked — "  Pie- 
"  rique  mortales  postrema  meminere,  et  in  hominibus 
"  impiis,  sceleris  eorum  obliti,  de  p&na  disscrunt,  si 
"  ea  paulo  severior  fuerit" 

VOL.  III.  L  L 


514  L.  i.  F.  1736-1737. 

March  21.  Maid's  the  Mistress — this  revived  C. 
seems  to  have  been  acted  but  once. 

24.  Rover 29.  Fond  Husband. 

April  2.  Careless  Husband  and  Honest  Yorkshire- 
man  by  Lilliputians. 

22.  Busy  Body  and  a  new  Farce  called  the  Mad- 
house— this  musical  trifle  was  written  by  Baker — it 
was  acted  2  or  3  times — it  is  printed  without  the 
names  of  the  performers — Sir  Solomon  Testy  puts 
his  daughter,  Lucy,  under  the  care  of  Dr.  Hyppo  to 
prevent  her  from  being  married — Peacock,  a  young 
officer,  sets  her  at  liberty  and  marries  her  —  Dr. 
Hyppo  is  a  fellow  who,  from  mercenary  motives,  con- 
fines persons  who  are  not  really  mad — the  Tragedy 
Drum  from  D.  L.  says  to  Dr.  Hyppo — "  Our  Master 
"  desires  you'll  give  Pistol  the  correction  of  your 
"house  —  who,  when  he  shou'd  have  play'd  the 
"  bully  in  the  2d  part  of  Harry  the  4th,  topp'd  the 
"  drunken  man's  part  at  Nell  Gwin's  in  D.  L — We 
"  were  for  administ'ring  the  usual  discipline  of  the 
"  blanket  behind  the  scanes,  but  the  fustian  rascal 
"  had  recourse  to  mutiny,  drew  his  sword  on  the 
"  D.  P.  and  behav'd  like  a  madman — We  have  there- 
"  fore  brought  him  hither,  that  you  may  tame  him— 
"  I  was  about  to  bring  to  you  also  our  two  contending 
"  Heroines  in  the  Beggar's  Opera — Liicy  and  Polly ; 
"  but  they  have  since  huddled  up  the  affair  in  the 
"  Green  Room." 

May  18.  Charles  the  1st,  19th  time. 

TJie  Manuscript  in  tJie  JB.  M.  for  this  season  con- 
tains little  more  than  the  names  of  the  plays. 

At  the  close  of  this  season  L.  I.  F.  was  shut — Mrs. 
Giffard  went  to  D.  L.,  where  she  continued  till  1740, 
when  she  returned  to  G.F.  which  was  opened  Oct.  15. 


HAY.  1737.  .515 

In  1737-1738  Woodward,  Havard,  Wright,  and 
Mrs.  Roberts  were  engaged  at  D.  L. — Rosco,  Pin- 
kethman,  Johnson,  Lyon  and  Yates  were  engaged 
at  C.  G. 


HAY.    1737. 

Tumble-down  Dick,  or  Phaeton  in  the  Suds— this 
piece  was  written  by  Fielding,  in  ridicule  of  Enter- 
tainments in  general,  and  of  the  Fall  of  Phaeton  in 
particular — the  Fall  of  Phaeton  was  acted  at  D.  L. 
March  1  1736 — it  is  printed,  but  without  the  business 
of  the  Harlequinade,  with  which  it  was  doubtless  in- 
termixed— Fielding  has  burlesqued  the  serious  scenes, 
but  not  with  any  vast  degree  of  humour — in  his  title- 
page  he  expresses  a  hope  that  his  piece  will  be  the 
last  Entertainment  ever  to  be  exhibited  on  any  stage 
—in  the  dedication  to  Mr.  John  Lun  (the  name  which 
Rich  assumed  when  he  acted  Harlequin)  he  says,  "  I 
"  am  much  obliged  to  you  for  that  Satire  on  Pasquin, 
"  which  you  were  so  kind  to  bring  on  your  stage  " 
(seemingly  Marforio  acted  at  C.  G.  April  10  1736) 
— "  I  own  it  was  a  sensible  pleasure  to  me  to  observe 
"  the  Town,  which  had  been  so  favourable  to  Pasquin 
"at  his  own  house,  confirming  that  applause,  by 
"  thoroughly  condemning  the  Satire  on  him  at  yours 

L  L  2 


516  HAY.  1737. 

"  — whether  this  was  written  by  your  command,  or 
"  your  assistance,  or  only  acted  by  your  permission, 
"  I  will  not  venture  to  decide :  indeed  I  am  inclined 
"  to  believe  the  latter ;  for  I  fancy  you  have  too  strong 
"  a  head  ever  to  meddle  with  Common  Sense,  espe- 
"  cially  since  you  have  found  the  way  so  well  to 
"  succeed  without  her ;  and  you  are  too  great  and 
"  good  a  Manager,  to  keep  a  needless  Supernumerary 
"  in  your  house/' 

Fielding,  in  Tom  Jones,  calls  Rich  the  inventor  of 
that  most  exquisite  entertainment  called  the  English 
Pantomime— a  great  Genius — not  a  common  Artist, 
but  one  of  those 

'  inventas  qui  vitam  excoluere  per  artes." 

He  adds "  this  Entertainment  consisted  of  two  parts, 

"  the  Serious  and  the  Comic— the  Serious  exhibited 
"  a  certain  number  of  Heathen  Gods  arid  Heroes, 
"  who  were  certainly  the  worst  and  dullest  company 
"  into  which  an  audience  was  ever  introduced  ;  and 
"  (which  was  a  secret  known  to  few)  were  actually 
"  intended  to  be  so,  in  order  to  contrast  the  Comic 
"  part  and  display  the  tricks  of  Harlequin  to  better 
"  advantage — the  contrivance  was  ingenious  and  had 
"  its  effect ;  and  this  will  plainly  appear,  if  instead 
"  of  Serious  and  Comic  we  substitute  duller  and 
"  dullest ;  for  the  Comic  was  certainly  duller  than 
"  any  thing  before  shown  on  the  stage,  and  could 
"  only  be  set  off  by  that  superlative  dullness  which 
"  composed  the  Serious  ;  so  intolerably  serious  were 
"  these  Gods  and  Heroes,  that  Harlequin  was  always 
"  welcome  on  the  stage,  as  he  relieved  the  audience 
"  from  worse  company.'*  (Fielding.) 


HAY.  1737.  51? 

In  the  Entertainments  the  serious  and  comic  scenes 
succeeded  each  other  alternately — see  Orpheus  and 
Eurydice  C.  G.  Feb.  12  1740. 

The  Historical  Register  for  1736 — this  piece,  in  3 
acts,  was  written  by  Fielding — it  contains  some  very 
good  political  and  theatrical  strokes — Quidam  was 
meant  for  Sir  Robert  Walpole — the  scene  lies  in  the 
playhouse — at  the  close  of  the  2d  act,  Fielding  alludes 
to  the  contention  between  Mrs.  Gibber  and  Mrs. 
Clive  for  the  part  of  Polly. 

Enter  Pistol  ( Tfieophilus  Gibber}  and  Mob. 
After  a  preface  of  about  14  lines,  he  asks  the  Mob, 
if  they  wish  his  wife  to  play  Polly — (see  L.  I.  F.  Jan. 
3  1737.) 

(Mob  hiss.'} 

"  Thanks  to  the  Town,  that  Hiss  speaks  their 

"  assent : 

"  Such  was  the  Hiss  that  spoke  the  great  applause 
"  Our  mighty  Father  met  with,  when  he  brought 
"  His  Riddle  on  the  stage  ;  such  was  the  Hiss 
"  Welcomed  his  C&sar  to  the  ^Egyptian  shore, 
"  Such  was  the  Hiss,  in  which  great  John  should 

"  have  expir'd : 

"  But  wherefore  do  I  strive  in  vain  to  number 
"  Those  glorious  Hisses,  which  from  age  to  age 
"  Our  Family  has  borne  triumphant  from   the 

"  stage?" 

In  the  next  act  Apollo  is  discovered — on  which 
Medley,  the  Author,  who  seems  to  speak  Fielding's 
own  sentiments,  says,  "  You  must  know  this  is  a 
"  Bastard  of  Apollo  begotten  on  that  beautiful 


518  HAY.  1737. 

"  Nymph  Moria,*  who  sold  Oranges  to  Thespis* 
"  company,  or  rather  cart-load  of  Comedians,  and 
"  being  a  great  Favourite  of  his  Father's,  the  old 
"  Gentleman  settled  upon  him  the  entire  direction  of 
"  all  our  Playhouses  and  poetical  performances  what- 
"  ever." 

Apollo.  Prompter. 
Prompter.  Sir. 

Apollo.  Is  there  any  thing  to  be  done  ? 
Prompter.  Yes  Sir,  this  play  to  be  cast. 
Apollo.  Give  it  me  ;  the  life  and  death  of  King 
John  written  by  Shakspeare  :  Who  can  act  the  King  ? 
Prompter.  Pistol,  Sir,  he  loves  to  act  it  behind  the 
Scenes. 

Apollo.  Here  are  a  parcel  of  English  Lords. 
Prompter.  Their  parts  are  but  of  little  consequence, 
I  will  take  care  to  cast  them. 

Apollo.  Do,  but  be  sure  to  give  them  to  actors  who 
will  mind  their  cues. 

Enter  Ground-Ivy.  (Colley  Gibber.') 
Ground.  What  are  you  doing  here  ? 
Apollo.  I  am  casting  the  parts  in  the  Tragedy  of 
King  John. 

Ground.  Then  you  are  casting  the  parts  in  a  Tra- 
gedy that  will  not  do. 

Apollo.  How  Sir !  Was  it  not  written  by  Shak- 
speare? and  was.  not  Shakspeare  one  of  the  greatest 
Genius's  that  ever  lived  ? 

Ground.  No  Sir,  Shakspeare  was  a  pretty  fellow, 
and  said  some  things,  which  only  want  a  little  of  my 


Folly. 


I 


HAY.  1737.  .519 

licking  to  do  well  enough ;  King  John  as  now  writ, 
will  not  do — But  a  word  in  your  ear,  I  will  make 
him  do. 

Apollo.  How  ? 

Ground.  By  alteration  Sir  ;  it  was  a  maxim  of 
mine,  when  I  was  at  the  head  of  theatrical  affairs, 
that  no  play,  tho'  ever  so  good,  would  do  without 
alteration. 

Sowrwit,  a  Critic,  ridicules  the  idea  of  Ground- 
Ivy's  altering  of  Shakspeare  ;  to  which  Medley  makes 
the  following  admirable  reply — "  As  Shakspeare  is 
"  already  good  enough  for  people  of  taste,  he  must  be 
"  altered  to  the  palates  of  those  who  have  none  ;  and 
"  if  you  will  grant  that,  who  can  be  proper er  to  alter 
"  him  for  the  worse." 

Sowrwit.  I  hope,  Sir,  your  Pistol  is  not  intended 
to  burlesque  Shakspeare. 

Medley.  No  Sir,  I  have  too  great  an  honour  for 
Shakspeare  to  think  of  burlesquing  him  ;  and  to  be 
sure  of  not  burlesquing  him,  I  will  never  attempt  to 
alter  him,  for  fear  of  burlesquing  him  by  accident,  as 
perhaps  some  others  have  done. 

Sowrwit.  To  what  purpose  was  Mr.  Pistol  intro- 
duced ? 

Medley.  To  no  purpose  at  all  Sir  ;  it's  all  in  cha- 
racter Sir,  and  plainly  shows  of  what  mighty  conse- 
quence he  is — And  there  ends  my  Article  from  the 
Theatre. 

The  whole  concludes  with — "  and  you  Ladies, 
"  whether  you  be  Shakspeare's  Ladies,  or  Beaumont 

"  and  Fletcher's  Ladies  "  &c. about  this  time 

some  Ladies  formed  themselves  into  a  society  to  sup- 
prrt  Shakspeare — others  seem  to  have  done  the  sanu» 


520  LICENSING   ACT. 

by  Fletcher  ;  to  this  Fielding  alludes — the  Prologue 
to  the  Independent  Patriot  alludes  to  the  Ladies' 
Subscription  for  the  revival  of  Shakspeare's  plays — 
see  C.  G.  1737-1738. 

Eurydice  Hiss'd,  or  a  Word  to  the  Wise — this 
piece  consists  of  some  few  scenes,  in  which  Fielding 
gives  an  account  of  the  damnation  of  his  own  Farce 
at  D.  L.  on  the  19th  of  Feb. — when  Eurydice  is 
damned,  the  3d  Gentleman  says — 

"  John  Watts, 

"  Who  was  this  morning  eager  for  the  copy, 

"  Slunk  hasty  from  the  Pit,  and  shook  his  head." 

John  Watts  was  at  this  time  the  usual  publisher  of 
new  plays — Eurydice  Hiss'd  was  printed  with  the 
Historical  Register — it  does  not  appear  whether  the 
two  pieces  were  acted  on  the  same  nights,  or  not. 


LICENSING  ACT. 

An  Act  of  Parliament  was  passed  for  limiting  the 
number  of  Theatres,  and  for  enacting  that  no  Play, 
or  even  Prologue  and  Epilogue  should  be  exhibited 
without  the  approbation  of  a  Licenser. 

It  has  been  said  that  this  Act  was  occasioned  by 
the  political  strokes  in  Pasquiri  and  other  plays  ;  but 
such  an  act  had  been  in  the  contemplation  of  Parlia- 
ment before  Pasquin  was  written — on  the  5th  of 


LICENSING   ACT.  521 

March  1734-5  Sir  John  Bernard  moved  the  House 
of  Commons  for  leave  to  introduce  a  bill,  for  re- 
straining the  number  of  playhouses,  and  for  regulat- 
ing common  players  ;  his  motion  passed  unanimously, 
but  the  bill  was  no  sooner  introduced,  than  it  was 
relinquished.  ( Chalmers.'} 

The  Minister  was  no  doubt  galled  by  the  political 
strokes,  which  Fielding  had,  with  some  wit,  and 
greater  impropriety,  introduced  on  the  stage ;  but  the 
immediate  cause  of  the  Licensing  Act  seems  to  have 
been  the  Golden  Rump,  a  piece  offered  to  Giifard  the 
Manager,  and  by  him  carried  to  the  Minister ;  the 
Golden  Rump  was  so  scurrilous  (see  B.  D.)  that  it 
afforded  the  Minister  a  plausible  pretence  for  effect- 
ing what  he  wished — arid  a  gagging  bill  for  the  stage 
was  passed  June  21  1737. 

Lord  Chesterfield,  infinitely  to  his  credit,  opposed 
this  bill,  in  a  celebrated  speech — he  plainly  and  dis- 
tinctly foretold  that  the  power  about  to  be  given  to 
the  Licenser  would  in  all  probability  be  abused — and 
indeed  this  was  no  more  than  what  any  person  of 
common  sense  and  without  prejudice,  would  natur- 
ally foresee. 

If  the  power  of  the  Licenser  had  been  laid  under 
proper  regulations,  all  would  have  been  right ;  but 
such  is  the  bias  of  human  nature,  that  it  very  rarely 
happens  that  Arbitrary  Power  is  not  abused — which 
seems  a  plain  and  sufficient  reason  for  not  lodging  it 
in  any  person's  hands,  without  the  utmost  necessity. 

At  present  there  is  a  strong  argument  against  the 
Licensing  Act ;  namely  that  the  power  granted  by 
it  has  been  scandalously  abused — if  the  Licenser  has 
of  late  years  acted  in  a  somewhat  less  arbitrary  man- 


522  D.L.  1737-1738. 

ner  than  his  Predecessors,  this  is  owing  rather  to 
the  spirit  of  the  times,  than  to  any  other  circum- 
stance. 

It  should  be  observed  that  this  act  of  Parliament, 
though  it  gave  a  legal  sanction  to  the  power  of  the 
Lord  Chamberlain,  yet  it  certainly  did  not  give  him 
any  more  power  than  he  had  often  exercised — it  was 
only  about  8  years  before,  that  Polly  had  been  pro- 
hibited from  being  acted. 

It  was  said  in  the  House  of  Commons  that  there 
were  no  fewer  than  six  playhouses  "  the  Opera- 
"  house,  the  French  playhouse  in  the  Hay.  and  the 
"  Theatres  in  C.  G.,  D.  L.,  L.  I.  R,  arid  G.  F."- 
(Chalmers) — but  the  Opera-house  was  not  a  play- 
house, and  of  the  other  five,  only  four  were  open  at 
the  same  time. 

In  Feb.  1738  according  to  the  Manuscript  in  B.  M., 
or  in  April  according  to  Chalmers,  William  Chet- 
wynd  was  sworn  in  Licenser  of  the  stage  (under  the 
Lord  Chamberlain)  with  a  salary  of  £400  a  year,  but 
that  he  might  not  be  too  much  fatigued  with  reading 
half  a  dozen,  or  half  a  score  plays  in  the  course  of  a 
twelvemonth,  a  Deputy  was  allowed  him  with  an  ad- 
ditional salary  of  £200  per  ann. — this  deputy  was 
Odell  who  in  1729  opened  a  theatre  in  G.  F. 


D.  L.  1737-1738. 

Aug.  30.  Love  for  Love  and  Devil  to  Pay. 
Sep.  3.  Rule  a  Wife 20.  Contrivances. 


D.L.  1737-1738.  523 

Oct.  15.  Confederacy 24<,  Mother  in  Law. 

25.  Beggar's  Opera 27.  Country  Wife. 

Nov.  4.  Tamerlane.     Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 

11.  Double  Gallant 14.  Volpone. 

1 9.  Unhappy  Favourite.     (B.  M.) 

Plays  were  stopped  on  account  of  the  death  of 
Queen  Caroline,  who  died  Sunday  Night  at  10 
o'clock  Nov.  20  1737. 


By  his  Majesty's  Company  of  Comedians,  at  the 
Theatre  Royal  in  Drury  Lane,  this  present  Monday, 
being  the  21st  of  November,  will  be  presented  a 
Comedy  called 

LOVE'S    LAST    SHIFT: 

or, 

THE    FOOL    IN    FASHION. 

Written  by  C.  Cibber  Esq;  Poet-Laureat. 

The  part  of  Amanda  by  Mrs.  CIBBER. 

Sir  Novelty  Fashion  by  Mr.  CIBBER, 

Sir  William  Wisewou'd  by  Mr.  JOHNSON, 

Loveless  by  Mr.  MIL  WARD, 

Narcissa  by  Mrs.  CLIVE, 

Elder  Worthy  by  Mr.  Havard,  Lawyer  by  Mr.  Cole, 
Young  Worthy  by  Mr.  Mills,  Hillaria  by  Mrs.  Mills, 
Snap  by  Mr.  Macklin,  Flareit  by  Mrs.  Pritchard, 
Sly  by  Mr.  Miller,  Mrs.  Anne  by  Mrs.  Bennet. 

To  which  (by  desire)  will  be  added  a  Grotesque 
Pantomime,  call'd 


D.  L.  1737-1738. 

THE  BURGOMASTER  TRICKD. 

All  the  Characters  by  LILLIPUTIANS,  Viz. 
The  Burgo-Master  by  Master  Ferg. 

Harlequin  by  Master  Holman. 

Boor  Servant  by  Master  Hamilton  Jun. 

Scaramouch  by  Master  Brooks  Jun. 

Columbine  by  M  iss  Wright. 
Country  LADS  and  LASSES,  &c.  by 
Master  Hamilton  Sen.,  Master  Brooks  Sen.,  Master 
Harper,   Master  Case,  Miss  Cole,  Miss  Morrison, 
Miss  Edwards,  and  others. 
Concluding  with  an  Entertainment  of  Dancing  called 

THE  SHEPHERD'S  MOUNT. 

All  the  Characters  likewise  perform  d  by  LILLIPUTIANS. 

With  New  Habits,  Scenes,  Machines,  and  other  Deco- 
rations. 

Boxes  5s.  Pit  3s.  First  Gallery  2s.  Upper  Gallery  Is. 
To  begin  exactly  at  Six  o'Clock. 

Vivant  Rex  et  Regina, 

This  bill  was  given  to  me  by  Mr.  Rodd  the  Book- 
seller— it  is  not  cut  out  of  a  Newspaper,  but  one  of 
those  regularly  printed  for  the  theatre — it  was  no 
doubt  printed  before  the  Queen's  death  was  publickly 

known it  has  not  the  date  of  any  year,  but  it  must 

have  belonged  to  1737 Havard  was  not  at  D.  L. 

till  this  season,  and  in  1738-1739  Miller  was  dead, 
and  Mrs.  Gibber  not  engaged — Miss  Morrison  and 
Miss  Edwards  were  probably  the  persons  who  came 
on  the  stage  afterwards  as  regular  actresses — William 
Mills  was  now  called  in  the  bills  Mr.  Mills. 

Jan.  2.  The  theatre    was  re-opened    with  Cato. 
Cato  =  Quin  :  Juba  =  Mills  :  Syphax  =  Gibber  Jun. : 


D.  L.   1737-1738.  525 

Semproni  us  =  Milward  :  Portius  =  Wright :    Marcia 
=  Mrs.  Cibber:  Lucia  =  Mrs.  Mills. 

3.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Don  Choleric  =  Miller  : 
Carlos  =  Mil  ward  :  Clodio  =  Cibber  Jun. :  Antonio  = 
Harper:    Chari  no  =  Griffin  :    Don  Duart  =  Wright : 
Sancho  =  Macklin  :    Louisa  =  Mrs.  Roberts:    Elvira 
=  Mrs.  Butler  :  Angelina  =  Mrs.  Mills. 

4.  Othello.     Othello  =  Quin  :  lago  =  Mills  :  Cassio 
=  Wright :     Brabantio  =   Milward :     Roderigo  = 
Miller:    Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Cibber  :  ^Emilia  =  Mrs. 
Butler. 

5.  Not  acted  4  years,  J3sop.     ^sop  =  Quin  :    Le- 
archus  —  Griffin  :    Oronces  =  Mills  :    Doris  =  Mrs. 
Clive  :  Euphronia  =  Mrs.  Mills  :  Sir  Polidorus  Hog- 
stye  =  Cibber  Jun. :    Quaint  =  Macklin  :    Fruitful  = 
Miller  :  Roger  =  Harper  :  Hortensia  =  Mrs.  Bennett: 
Mrs.  Fruitful  =  Mrs.  Grace  : — acted  4  times. 

10.  Double  Dealer.     Maskwell  =  Quin  :    Sir  Paul 
Plyant  =  Griffin  :  Careless  =  Mills  :    Brisk  rr  Cibber 
Jun.:  Mell  efont=:  Mil  ward  :  Lord  Froth  —  Macklin  : 
Lord  Touchwood  =  Winstone  :  Lady  Touchwood  — 
Mrs.  Butler:  Lady  Froth  =  Mrs.   Clive:  Lady  Ply- 
ant  =  Mrs.  Roberts. 

11.  Venice  Preserved.     Jaffier  =  Milward  :  Pierre 
=  Quin  :  Renault  =  Cibber  Jun. :    Priuli  =  Boman  : 
Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 

12.  Henry  4th  pt.  1st.     Falstaff  =  Quin  :  Hotspur 
=  Milward :    King  =  Wright :    Prince  of   Wales  — 
Mills:  Francis  =  Macklin  :    Carriers  =  Johnson   and 
Miller  :  Kate  =.  Mrs.  Mills  :  Hostess  =  Mrs.  Roberts. 

13.  Henry  4th  pt.  2d.     Falstaff  =  Quin  :  King  = 
Milward  :    Prince  =  Mills  :    Lancaster  =  Havard  : 
Archbishop  of  York  =  Wright :    Chief  Justice  rz 


526  D.  L.  1737-1738. 

Boman  :  Pistol  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Shallow  =  Johnson  : 
Silence  =  Miller  :  Feeble  =  Woodward  :  Poins  = 
Macklin  :  Boy  —  Miss  Cole  :  Hostess  =  Mrs.  Roberts : 
Doll  Tearsheet  —  Miss  Brett : — with  Fall  of  Phaeton. 
Harlequin  =  Lun  Jun.  :  Morocco  Servant  =  Macklin  : 
Mercury  =  Beard  :  Clymene  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Colum- 
bine =  Mrs.  Walter. 

14.  Not  acted  14<  years,  Plain  Dealer.  Manly  = 
Quin  :  Jerry  Blackacre  —  Macklin  :  Novel  =  Gibber 
Jun. :  Lord  Plausible  =  Griffin  :  Freeman  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Major  Oldfox  is  omitted :  Alderman  = 
Harper :  Vernish  —  Mills :  Lawyer  Petulant  — 
Miller:  Fidelia  =  Mrs.  Mills:  Widow  Blackacre  = 
Mrs.  Roberts  :  Olivia  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  — acted  about 
8  times. 

17.  Miller  of  Mansfield.     Joe  =  Beard. 

19.  Julius  Caesar.  Brutus  =  Quin:  Cassius  = 
Mil  ward :  Antony  =  Wright :  Julius  Caesar  =  Mills  : 
Cas^a  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Citizens  =  Johnson,  Miller, 
Harper,  and  Griffin :  Portia  =  Mrs.  Furnival  :  Cal- 

phurnia^Mrs.  Butler : as  Milward's  name  stands 

repeatedly  to  Cassius,  and  Wright's  to  Antony,  it 
must  be  supposed  that  they  played  those  characters 
— yet  it  is  strange  that  Mil  ward  should  have  preferred 
Cassius  ;  and  that  Davies  should  not  mention  his 
having  acted  that  part,  tho*  he  gives  a  particular 
account  of  the  performers  in  Julius  Csesar,  and 
praises  Milward  very  much  for  his  performance  in 
Antony — Davies  was  certainly  in  London  during  this 
season  as  he  saw  Mrs.  Porter  in  Clytemnestra. 

23.  Hamlet<  Hamlet  =  Milward  :  Ghost  =  Quin: 
King  =  Mills  :  Horatio  =  Havard  :  Laertes  =  Wright : 
Polonius  =  Griffin :  Osrick  ==  Macklin:  1st  Grave- 


D.  L.  1737-1738.  527 

digger  — Johnson  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Ophelia  = 
Mrs.  Clive. 

25.  Beggar's  Opera.   Macheath^Beard  :  Peachum 
=  Macklin :     Lockit  =  Harper :    Filch  =  Raftor  : 
Polly  =  Mrs.  Clive  :    Lucy  =  Mrs.   Pritchard  :    Mrs. 
Peachum  =  Mrs.  Marshall. 

26.  Measure  for  Measure.     Duke  =  Qum  :    Lucio 
=  Gibber  Jim. :  Angelo  =  Mil  ward:  Claudio  =  Mills  : 
Escalus  =  Wright :   Clown  =  Miller  :    Elbow  =  Har- 
per :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Gibber  :  Mariana  —  Mrs.  Mills  : 
Mrs.  Overdone  =  Mrs.  Marshall : — with,  never  acted, 
the  Coffee-house.     Cibber  (a  Comedian)  =  Gibber 
Jan.:  Harpie  (a  scrivener)  =  Griffin  :  Bays  (a  poet) 
Macklin  :  Hartly  (a  gentleman  of  the  Temple)  = 
Havard  :   Gay  wood  (an  officer — his  friend)  =  Win- 
stone  :    Puzzle  (a  politician)  =  Ray  :    Boozwell   (a 
foxhuriter)  =  Harper  :    Bawble   (a   solemn  beau)  = 
Beard  :  Butterfly  (a  pert  beau)  =  Green :  Mrs.  Not- 
able (a  widow,  mistress  of  the  Coffee-house)  =  Mrs. 
Grace:  Miss  Kitty  (her  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Clive:  — 
Hartly  is  in  love  with  Miss  Kitty,  and  her  fortune— 
her  mother  insists  that  she  should  marry  Harpie — 
Hartly  and  Gaywood  engage  Cibber  to  assist  them 
in  their  plans — at  this  time   Cibber  appears  in  his 
proper  character — he  afterwards  enters  in  disguise, 
and    pretends    to   be   drunk — Harpie   and    Cibber 
engage  at  Piquet — Harpie  expects  to  have    the  ad- 
vantage on  account  of  Gibber's  situation,  but  he  even- 
tually loses  100  Guineas — Cibber  demands  payment 
— a  quarrel  ensues — Gaywood  affects  to  take  Har- 
pie's   part — Cibber    is    supposed    to     be    mortally 
wounded — he  is  carried  off  in  a  chair — Hartly  calls 
for  a  constable — Harpie  and  the  Widow  are  frightened 


528  D.  L.    1737-1738. 

— she  signs  a  contract,  by  which  she  obliges  herself 
to  give  Kitty  and  her  fortune  to  Ilartly — Gibber 
enters  in  perfect  health— this  dramatic  piece  was 
written  by  James  Miller — the  humours  of  a  Coffee- 
house are  well  described — the  idea  of  making  Theo- 
philus  Gibber  one  of  the  D.  P.  is  a  very  good  one, 
and  seemingly  new — in  the  Prologue  he  says — 

"  And  what  is  still  more  hard,  the  cruel  elf 
"  Makes  Me,  like  Monks  in  Lent,  to  scourge 
"  myself." 

This  piece  seems  to  have  been  damned  through 
prejudice — and  as  the  Gentlemen  of  the  Temple  are 
said  to  have  carried  their  resentment  so  far  as  to 
damn  two  other  pieces,  because  they  were  known  to 
be  written  by  Miller,  his  vindication  of  himself  is  the 
more  worthy  of  notice — in  his  preface  he  says — "  he 
"  is  informed  that  it  is  commonly  said,  that  he  has 
"  represented  the  characters  of  a  particular  family, 
"  who  keep  a  considerable  Coffee-house  in  this  town, 
"  and  of  several  persons  who  frequent  it :  as  a  little 
"  proof  is  of  more  weight  than  much  affirmation,  he 
"  offers  the  following  matters  of  fact  in  answer  to  this 

"  charge this  piece  is  partly  taken  from  a  French 

"  Comedy,  and  the  particular  characters,  incidents 
"  and  speeches,  which  are  said  to  have  been  apply 'd 
"  and  given  offence  in  the  English  piece,  are  happily 
"  direct  translations  from  thence,  as  near  as  things 
"  of  that  nature  will  admit :  whilst,  on  the  contrary, 
"  those  additions  and  alterations,  which  were  made 
"  by  the  author,  were  very  favourably  received. 

"  But  it  is  asked  it  seems,  wherefore  is  the  scene 
"  laid  at  Temple  Bar  ? — for  no  other  reason,  but  as 


D.  L.   1737-1738.  529 

"  it  is  the  centre  of  the  town,  and  the  most  likely 
45  place  for  so  many  different  characters  to  meet  at 
"  a  time. 

"  But  why  is  it  a  widow  and  her  daughter  that 
"  keep  this  Coffee-house,  if  no  body  particularly  is 
"  meant  ? — the  answer  to  this  is  easy,  because  the 
"  French  author  makes  it  a  widow  and  her  daughter. 

"  The  writer  of  this  little  piece  can  truly  say  that 
"  he  hath  not  the  least  acquaintance  with,  nor  know- 
"  ledge  of  the  persons  he  is  said  to  characterize, 
"  having  not  been  in  that  Coffee-house  but  once  in 
"  the  space  of  10  years  last  past :  and  he  is  likewise 
"  told  by  many  that  the  characters  in  this  piece 
"  have  not  the  least  resemblance  to  those  they  are 
"  ascribed  to. 

"  He  should  not  have  thought  it  worth  while  to 
"  have  published  such  a  trifle,  as  it  had  no  better 
"  success,  but  only  to  have  an  opportunity  of  clearing 
"  it  from  misrepresentation." 

Jan.  27.  Conscious  Lovers.  Bevil  Jun.  =  Quin  : 
Tom=  Cibber  Jun.  :  Myrtle  =  Mills  :  Cimberton  = 
Griffin :  Sealand  —  Milward :  Sir  John  Bevil  — 
Wright :  Daniel  =  Leigh  :  Indiana  =  Mrs.  Cibber : 
Phillis  —  Mrs.  Clive  :  Lucinda  =  Mrs.  Mills : — with 
Mock  Doctor.  Gregory  —  Cibber  Jun. :  Davy  = 
Macklin  :  Dorcas  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

28.  Siege  of  Damascus.  Phocyas  =  Milward : 
Eumenes  =  Wright :  Caled  =  Quin  :  Abudah  =  Mills : 
Eudocia  =  Mrs.  Cibber :  Daran  is  omitted,  the  part 
was  Gibber's,  but  Havard  played  it  March  25th. 

31.  Macbeth  written  by  Shakspeare  —  (notwith- 
standing what  is  said  in  the  bill,  this  in  all  probability 
was  Davenant's  alteration — see  D.  L.  March  19  1748) 

VOL.   III.  M   M 


530  D.  L.   1737-1738. 

— Macbeth  —  Quin  :  Macduff=:  Mil  ward :  Banquo  = 
Mills  :  Lenox  =  Wright :  Duncan  =  Boman :  Mal- 
colm =  Cross  :  Seyton  =  Havard  :  1st  Murderer = 
Harper :  Witches  =  Miller,  Griffin  and  Ray :  Hecate 
=  Johnson:  Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Butler:  Lady 
Macduff  =  Mrs.  Mills. 

Feb.  1.  Confederacy.     Brass  =  Macklin  :  Dick  — 
Gibber  Jun. :  Moneytrap  =  Griffin  :  Gripe  =  Harper  : 
Clarissa  =  Mrs.  Furnival :  Flippanta  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
Corinna  =  Miss  Brett :  Araminta  =  Mrs.  Bennett : 
Mrs.  Amlet  =  Mrs.  Roberts. 

2.  Provoked  Husband.     Lord  Townly   =   Mills : 
Sir  Francis  Wronghead  =  Griffin  :  Manly =Milward: 
Count  Basset  =  Macklin  :   Squire  Richard  =  Wood- 
ward :  John  Moody  =  Miller  :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs. 
Giffard,   her  1st   appearance  on  this  stage  :    Lady 
Wronghead  =  Mrs.  Roberts  :    Lady  Grace  =  Mrs. 
Mills  :  Miss  Jenny  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

3.  Venice  Preserved.     Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Cibber. 
7.  Orphan.     Acasto  —  Wright : — rest  as  March 

15  1737. 

9.  Busy  Body.     Sir  Jealous  Traffick  =  Harper  : 
Charles  =  Wright :— see  Feb.  2J  1735. 

10.  Mourning  Bride.     Osmyn  =  Mil  ward  :  King 
=  Mills  :  Zara  =  Mrs.  Butler :  Almeria  =  Mrs.  Gif- 
fard, her  2d  appearance  at  D.  L. 

11.  Miser.    Fredericks  Havard  :  RamilierzMack- 
lin  :  Mariana  =  Mrs.  Mills  : — rest  as  originally. 

16.  Never  acted,  Art  and  Nature.  Courtly  =  Quin : 
Julio  =  Cibber  Jun. :  Sir  Simon  Dupe  =  Griffin : 
Truemore  —  Mills  :  Jeffery  (servant  to  Courtly)  = 
Miller :  Alphabet  (a  bookseller)  =  Turbut :  Lord 
Gewgaw  =  Raftor  :  Violetta  (woman  to  Flaminia) 


D.  L.   1737-1738.  531 

=  Mrs.  Give  :  Flamiuia  (daughter  to  Sir  Simon)  = 
Mrs.  Mills  : — Sir  Simon  had  promised  his  daughter 
to  Truemore — Truemore  had  been  obliged  to  go  to 
the  West  Indies  to  take  possession  of  an  estate — he 
had  suffered  shipwreck — on  his  return  home  he  pre- 
tends to  have  lost  great  part  of  his  property — before 
he  left  England,  he  had  introduced  Courtly  to  Sir 
Simon  — Courtly  is  a  fellow  who  lives  by  flattery — he 
had  insinuated  himself  so  far  into  the  good  graces  of 
Sir  Simon,  that  Sir  Simon  insists  his  daughter  should 
marry  Courtly  instead  of  Truemore — by  the  artifices 
of  Courtly,  a  quarrel  takes  place  between  Truemore 
and  Flaminia— at  the  conclusion  they  are  reconciled 
—and  Courtly  is  completely  exposed — Truemore  had 
brought  home  with  him  Julio,  who  is  an  American 
Indian — Julio  has  a  very  good  natural  understanding, 
but  is  quite  ignorant  of  European  matters — he  goes 
into  a  bookseller's  shop — the  bookseller  says 'he  may 
have  any  thing  that  he  likes— he  takes  a  picture  as  a 
present — the  bookseller  demands  50  shillings  for  the 
picture — Julio  beats  him — Julio  is  taken  into  custody 
by  a  constable,  but  released  by  Truemore — Julio  falls 
in  love  with  Violetta,  and,  at  the  end  of  the  play, 
marries  her— this  is  a  toerable  C.  by  James  Miller 
—it  was  damned  on  the  first  night — the  Templars 
had  taken  an  unreasonable  prejudice  against  Miller 
for  his  Farce  of  the  Coffee-house,  and  seem  to  have 
been  determined  to  damn  any  piece  that  was  known 
to  be  his. 

Cleland  in  the  advertisement  prefixed  to  his 
Tombo-Chiqui  says — "  Monsieur  Rodot,  who  had 
"  filled  very  eminent  posts  in  Canada,  prevailed  on  a 
"  friend  to  throw  the  character  of  a  young  savage, 

M    M  2 


532  "D.  L.   1737-1738. 

"  who  had  belonged  to  him,  into  a  dramatic  form— 
"  the  piece  was  called  Harlequin  Sauvage,  and  was 
"  received  with  the  highest  applause — Miller,  in  his 
"  Art  and  Nature,  brought  this  character  on  our 
"  stage,  but  he  incorporated  the  subject  with  a  very 
"  indifferent  piece  of  Rousseau's,  entitled  Le  Fla- 
"  teur" — Miller  has  supported  the  character  of  Julio 
quite  as  well  as  the  French  author  has  done — but  in 
order  to  spin  out  his  play  to  5  acts,  he  has  inserted 
some  dull  scenes — they  relate  chiefly  to  the  misun- 
derstanding between  Truemore  and  Flaminia,  and 
were  probably  borrowed  from  Rousseau — in  the  1st 
act  some  of  Violetta's  speeches  are  translated  from 
Moliere's  Love's  the  best  Doctor. 

Feb.  18.  Silent  Woman.  Morose  =  Johnson : 
Truewit  =  Mills  :  Sir  Amorous  la  Foole  =  Miller  : 
Sir  John  Daw  —  Gibber  Jun. :  Otter  =  Harper :  Cut- 
beard  =  Macklin  :  Clerimoat = Wright :  Dauphine^ 
Havard :  Epicoene  —  Mrs.  Butler :  Lady  Haughty 
=  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Mrs.  Otter  =  Mrs.  Grace  :  with 
Damon  and  Phillida. 

20.  Volpone.     Corvino  =  Wright : — rest  as  before. 

21.  Alchemist.     Subtle  =  Mills  :  Abel  Drugger  = 
Gibber  Jun.  :  Face  =  Macklin  :   Sir  Epicure  Mam- 
mon —  ^Harper :  Ananias  —  Johnson :  Tribulation  — 
Griffin  :    Kastril  =  Miller  :   Surly  =  Havard :  Dol 
Common  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

23.  Venice  Preserved,  with,  never  acted,  Sir  John 
Cockle  at  Court — being  the  Sequel  to  the  King  and 
the  Miller  of  Mansfield — Sir  John  Cockle  =  Miller  : 
King  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Sir  Timothy  Flash  =  Beard : 
Greenwood  =  Hill :  French  Cook  =  Woodward :  Miss 
Kitty  =  Mrs.  Clive :  Mrs.  Starch  =  Miss  Toilet :- 
Cockle's  daughter,  Kitty,  had  been  engaged  to  a 


D.  L.   1737-1738.  533 

young  farmer,  called  Greenwood — after  her  father's 
advancement  in  the  world,  she  had  forsaken  Green- 
wood, and  accepted  the  addresses  of  Sir  Timothy — 
Cockle  is  displeased  with  her — Greenwood  convinces 
Kitty  that  Flash  merely  meant  to  seduce  her — they 
are  reconciled— the  King  in  disguise  offers  Cockle  a 

bribe  for  his  interest  at  Court — Cockle  rejects  it 

the  sentiments  expressed  in  this  little  piece  do  Dods- 
ley  great  credit,  but  in  a  dramatic  point  of  view,  it 
must  be  considered  as  a  trifle. 

28.  Oronooko.  Oronooko  =  Mil  ward:  Aboan  = 
Quin  :  Blandford  =  Mills  :  Capt.  Driver  =  Johnson  : 
Daniel  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Imoinda  •=  Mrs.  Giffard  :  Wi- 
dow Lackit  =  Mrs.  Grace  :  Chariot  Well  don  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard. 

March  2.  Mrs.  Giffard's  bt.  Relapse.  LordFopping- 
ton— Cibber  Jun.:  Loveless^Milward:  Young  Fashion 
=  Wright :  Worthy-Mills  :  Sir  Tunbelly  Clumseyn 
Harper  :  Lory  =  Macklin  :  Coupler  =  Johnson  : 
Surgeon  =  Griffin  :  Shoemaker  =  Miller :  Berinthia 
=  Mrs.  Giffard :  Miss  Hoyden  =  Mrs.  Clive :  Amanda 
=  Mrs.  Butler  :  with  Intriguing  Chambermaid. 

4.  Never  acted,  Comus.  Comus  —  Quin  :  Bro- 
thers =  Mil  ward  and  Cibber  Juri  :  1st  Spirit  =  Mills: 
Lady  •=.  Mrs.  Cibber :  Euphrosyne  =  Mrs.  Clive :  Sa- 
briria  =  Mrs.  Arne:  Attendant  Spirits,  Bacchanals, 
Pastoral  Characters  and  other  vocal  parts  by  Beard, 
Mrs.  Clive,  Mrs.  Arne  and  others — N.B.  to  prevent 
any  interruption  to  the  music,  dancing,  &c.  'tis  hoped 
no  Gentlemen  will  take  it  ill,  that  they  cannot  be 
admitted  behind  the  scenes,  or  in  the  Orchestra- 
acted  about  11  times. 

Comus  was  adapted  to  the  stage  Jn  3  acts  —this 


534  D.  L.  1737-1738. 

alteration  was  made  by  Dr.  Dalton — it  is  a  very  ju- 
dicious one — he  has  retained  nearly  the  whole  of 
the  original — added  or  compiled  the  scene  between 
the  Brothers  and  Comus'  Crew,  and  introduced  a 
variety  of  songs  to  make  it  pass  off  better  on  the 
stage ;  the  B.  D.  says  they  are  taken  from  Milton's 
other  works— the  Prologue  is  modest  and  sensible— 

"  Small  is  our  portion  and  we  wish  'twere  none." 

Colman,  in  1772,  compressed  Dr.  Dalton's  3  acts 
into  2,  omitting  great  part  of  the  dialogue  and  making 
Comus  a  Musical  Entertainment — in  this  mangled 
state  it  still  keeps  possession  of  the  stage. 

Dr.  Johnson  observes  of  Comus — "  what  deserves 
"  most  reprehension  is,  that  the  Prologue  spoken  in 
"  the  wild  wood  by  the  attendant  Spirit  is  addressed 
"  to  the  audience — a  mode  of  communication  so  con- 
"  trary  to  the  nature  of  dramatic  representation,  that 
"  no  precedents  can  support  it" 

March  13.  Squire  of  Alsatia.  Sir  William  Bel- 
fond  —  Miller :  Squire  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Belfond  Jun. 
=  Milward  :  Sir  Edward  Belfond  =  Quin :  Lolpoop 
=  Harper  :  Cheatly  =  Macklin  :  Mrs.  Termagant  = 
Mrs.  Fritchard  :  Isabella  —  Mrs.  Clive:  Teresia  = 
Mrs.  Mills  :  Ruth  =  Mrs.  Grace. 

16.  Quin's  bt.  All  for  Love.  Antony  =  Milward: 
Ventidius  =  Quin  :  Dolabella  —  Mills:  Cleopatra  = 
Mrs.  Cibber :  Octavia  —  Mrs.  Butler. 

18.  Johnson's  bt.    Love's  last  Shift. 

20.  Mrs.  dive's  bt.    Amorous  Widow.    Cunning- 
,  ham  =  Havard  :  Lady  Lay  cock  =  Mrs.  Grace  :  Phila- 
delphia =  Mrs.  Mills  :   Lady  Pride  =  Mrs.  Marshall  : 
Prudence  =  Mrs.  Bennett :    (rest  as  May  30  1737) 


D.L.    1737-1738.  535 

with  Virgin  Unmasked.  Coupee  =  Macklin :  Blister 
=  Harper :  Miss  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Clive  : — 6  rows  of  the 
Pit  will  be  railed  into  front  Boxes,  and  part  of  the 
stage  will  be  formed  into  side  Boxes. 

21.  For  bt.  of  Cibber  Jun.  Man  of  the  Mode. 
Sir  Fopling  Flutter  =  Cibber  Jun. :  Dorimant  =  Mills : 
Medley  =  Milward  :  Old  Bellair  =  Harper :  Young 
Bellair  =  Wright :  Shoemaker  =  Miller  :  Handy  = 
Cross :  Mrs.  Loveit  =  Mrs.  Cibber :  Belinda  =  Mrs. 
Clive  :  Pert  =  Mrs.  Pritchard :  Orange  wench  =  Mr. 
Macklin: — with  Mock  Doctor.  Dorcas  =  Mrs.  Prit- 
chard :  this  was  Mrs.  dive's  part,  but  Mrs.  Pritchard 
sometimes  acted  it. 

April  6.  Never  acted,  Agamemnon.  Agamemnon 
=  Quin  :  Egisthus .=  Milward  :  Melisander  =  Cibber 
Jun. :  Areas  =  Wright :  Talthybius  =  Havard  :  Ores- 
tes =  Green  :  Clytemnestra  =  Mrs.  Porter  :  Cassan- 
dra =  Mrs.  Cibber  :  Electra  =  Miss  Bret :  Attendant 
—  Mrs.  Furuival : — acted  about  8  times — this  T.  was 
written  by  Thomson — it  is  founded  on  the  Agamem- 
non of  ^Eschylus  and  Seneca,  but  the  character  of 
Melisander  is  judiciously  borrowed  from  Homer — 
see  the  Odyssey  b.  3—1.  263  to  2?0. 

In  the  Agamemnon  of  ^Eschylus  the  taking  of 
Troy  is  announced  at  Argos  by  the  means  of  fire- 
beacons — Agamemnon  returns  and  brings  Cassandra 
with  him — Clytemnestra  meets  him  in  a  friendly 
manner — after  they  have  made  their  exit,  Cassan- 
dra prophesies  the  death  of  Agamemnon  and  herself 
— the  cries  of  Agamemnon,  who  is  mortally  wounded, 
are  heard  from  behind  the  scenes — Clytemnestra 
enters — she  boasts  that  she  had  killed  her  husband 
with  her  own  hand— she  pretends  to  justify  herself, 


536  D.  L.   1737-1738. 

by  alleging  that  Agamemnon  had  sacrificed  Iphigenia 
—  she  slightly  mentions  his  intimacy  with  Cassandra 
— JBgysthus,  the  paramour  of  Clytemnestra,  exults 
over  the  fate  of  Agamemnon. 

Seneca  treats  the  story  in  a  manner  somewhat 
different — Cassandra  foretells  Agamemnon's  death 
to  himself,  but  with  some  obscurity — he  does  not 
believe  her  —  ^Egysthus  and  Clytemnestra  in  con- 
junction kill  Agamemnon — Electra  consigns  Orestes 
to  the  care  of  Strophius,  who  carries  him  off  in 
safety — Clytemnestra  orders  Electra  to  be  imprisoned, 
and  Cassandra  to  be  killed — the  Agamemnon  of  Ms- 
chylus  is  a  fine  play ;  that  of  Seneca  is  very  inferiour 
—it  consists  of  1012  lines,  of  which  about  160  are 
taken  up  with  the  tumid  description  of  a  tempest, 

In  the  3d  act  of  Thomson's  play,  Melisander  tells 
Areas  that  he  was  left  on  a  desart  island  by  the 
command  of  Egisthus — that  he  continued  there  7 
years — that  Agamemnon,  on  his  return  from  Troy, 
touched  at  the  island,  and  brought  him  home — in  the 
additions  which  Thomson  has  here  made  to  Homer's 
story,  he  has  not  exceeded  a  fair  poetical  license — in 
the  5th  act,  Clytemnestra  endeavours  to  dissuade 
Egysthus  from  his  intention  of  murdering  Agamem- 
non— Cassandra  prophesies  the  death  of  Agamemnon 
— he  is  killed  behind  the  scenes — Electra  consigns 
Orestes  to  the  care  of  Melisander — the  back  scene 
opens,  and  discovers  the  dead  body  of  Agamemnon— 
Clytemnestra  faints,  and  is  carried  off  by  her  attend- 
ants—a messenger  tells  Egisthus  that  Melisander 
had  presented  Orestes  to  the  Senate,  and  roused 
them  to  revenge — Egisthus  orders  his  friends  to  be 
assembled,  and  Cassandra  to  be  put  to  death — Cas- 


D.  L.   1737-1738.  537 

sandra  speaks  4  or  5  lines,  and  the  play  concludes — 
Some  parts  of  this  T.  are  very  well  written,  but  on 
the  whole  it  is  only  a  moderate  play — Thomson  has 
taken  unwarrantable  liberties  with  the  story — he  has 
softened  the  character  of  Clytemnestra  to  so  great  a 
degree,  that  she  is  no  longer  the  Clytemnestra  of 
the  Greek  poets — the  presentation  of  Orestes  to  the 
Senate  is  an  abominable  perversion  of  the  real  fact — 
Thomson  is  the  more  inexcusable,  as  after  all  he  has 
not  brought  the  story  of  Egisthus  to  any  absolute 
conclusion — each  of  the  three  Greek  Tragedians  has 
a  play  on  the  return  of  Orestes  to  Argos,  and  the 
subsequent  death  of  Clytemnestra  and  ^Egysthus — 
but  these  events  took  place  several  years  after  the 
murder  of  Agamemnon —  Orestes  was  sent  away  as 
a  boy — he  returned  as  a  man — Thomson  has  been 
so  absurd  as  to  introduce  the  word  Madam  about 
30  times — Victor  in  one  of  his  letters  (p.  10)  gives 
an  account  of  the  alterations  made  in  Agamemnon 
after  the  1st  night — Davies  says  that  Mrs.  Porter  in 
Clytemnestra  showed  herself  to  be  a  consummate 
actress. 

Thomson,  in  reading  his  play  to  the  actors  in  the 
Green  room,  pronounced  every  line  with  such  a 
broad  Scotch  accent,  that  they  could  not  restrain 
themselves  from  a  loud  laugh :  upon  this,  the  author 
good-naturedly  said  to  the  Manager,  "  do  you  Sir 
"  take  my  play  and  go  on  with  it ;  for  tho'  I  can  write 
"  a  Tragedy,  I  find  I  cannot  read  one" — (Davies) 
— Dryden  read  Poetry  with  a  very  bad  grace — 
Howe  was  so  excellent  a  reciter  of  his  own  composi- 
tions, that  Mrs.  Oklneld  used  to  say  she  had  no  occa- 
sion for  any  other  study,  than  that  of  hearing  him 


538  D.  L.  1737-1738. 

read  her  part  in  any  of  his  plays — (Malom} — Lee, 
tho1  he  did  not  succeed  on  the  stage,  was  so  pathetic 
a  reader  of  his  own  scenes,  that  Mohun  one  day 
at  Rehearsal,  in  the  warmth  of  admiration ,  threw 
down  his  part,  and  said,  "  unless  I  were  able  to  play 
"  it  as  well  as  you  read  it,  to  what  purpose  should  I 
"  undertake  it?"  (Gibber.) 

April  12.  Mrs.  Gibber's  bt.    Measure  for  Measure. 

13.  For  bt.  of  Miller,   (the  Miller  of  Mansfield) 
Love  forXove.  Valentine  =  Milward  :   Ben  =  Miller  : 
Foresight  —  Johnson  :    Tattle  —  Gibber  Jun. :    Sir 
Sampson  Legend  =  Harper :  Scandal  =  Mills  :  Je- 
remy —  Macklin:   Trapland  =  Griffin  :   Angelicas 
Mrs.  Mills  :  Mrs.  Frail  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Miss  Prue  = 
Mrs.  Clive:  Mrs.  Foresight  =  Mrs.  Pritchard:  Nurse 
=  Mrs.  Marshall:  with  the  King  and  the  Miller  of 
Mansfield. 

14.  Harper's  bt.      Spanish   Fryar.      Dominic  = 
Harper  :  Gomez  =  Griffin  :    Torrismond  =  Milward : 
Lorenzo  =  Mills  :  Bertran  =  Wright :  Raymond  =  Bo- 
man  :  Queen  =  Mrs.   Roberts:    Elvira  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
with  What  d'ye  call  it  ?     Timothy  Peascod  =  Miller  : 
Sir  Roger  =  Griffin :   Squire  —  Johnson  :  Peter  Nettle 
=  Macklin  :    Kitty  Carrot  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

17-  Mills'  bt.  Twin  Rivals.  Elder  Wou'dbe^ 
Milward:  Younger  Wou'dbe  =  Mills  :  Trueman  = 
Gibber  Jun. :  Richrnore  =  Wright :  Teague  —  Miller  : 
Alderman  =  Johnson  :  Subtleman  —  Macklin :  Aure- 
lia  =  Mrs.  Clive :  Constance  =  Mrs.  Mills  :  Mrs. 
Midnight^ Mr.  Harper, 

21.  Mrs.  Butler's  bt.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John 
Brute  =  Quin  :  Constant  =  Milward  :  Heartfree  = 
Mills :  Razor  =  Macklin  :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs. 


D.  L.  1737-1738.  539 

Clive  :  Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Butler  :    Belinda  =  Mrs. 
Mills  :  Mademoiselle  =  Miss  Brett. 

22.  Mrs.  Porter's  bt.  Distressed  Mother.  Orestes 
=  Milward:  Pyrrhus  =  Mills:  Ilermione  —  Mrs. 
Porter :  Andromache  (with  original  Epilogue)  — 
Mrs.  Mills. 

28.  Towards  raising  a  fund  for  erecting  a  monu- 
ment to  the  memory  of  Shakspeare — Julius   Caesar. 
Portia  — Mrs.  Porter. 

29.  Wright's  bt.  Fair  Penitent.     Lothario  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Horatio  =  Quin :  Sciolto  =  Wright :  Altamont 
=  Mills  :  Calista  =  Mrs.  Giffard  :  Lavinia  —  Mrs. 
Butler. 

May  2.  Havard's  bt.  Careless  Husband.  Sir 
Charles  Easy  =  Mills  :  Lord  Foppington  =  Macklin  : 
Lord  Morelove=  Wright :  Lady  Betty  Modish  =  Mrs. 
Giffard  :  Lady  Easy  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Lady  Graveairs 
=  Mrs.  Roberts  :  Edging  —  Mrs.  Clive. 

3.  For  bt.  of  Macklin  and  Turbutt.  Merry  Wives 
of  Windsor.  Falstaff  =  Quin  :  Ford  =  Milvvard  :  Sir 
Hugh  Evans  =  Macklin  :  Dr.  Caius  =  Miller :  Shallow 
=  Johnson  :  Slender  =  Woodward  :  Host=  Harper: 
Pistol  =  Cross  :  Simple  =  Master  Green  :  Page  = 
Winstone  :  Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Roberts  :  Mrs.  Page  = 
Mrs.  Butler;  Mrs.  Quickly  =  Mrs.  Grace. 

5.  Mrs.  Pritchard's  bt.  Relapse.     Lord  Fopping- 
ton =  Macklin  :  Lory  =  Wood  ward  :  Berinthia  =  Mrt>. 
Pritchard  : — rest  as  before. 

6.  Henry  8th.     King  =  Quin:  Wolsey  =  Mihvard : 
Buckingham  =  M ills  :  Cranmer  =  Wright :  Gardiner 
=  Johnson  :  Lord  Sands  =  Miller:  Norfolk  =  Havard  : 
Suffolk  =  Boman  :    Queen  =  Mrs.   Roberts:    Anno 
Bulleii=:Mrs.  Bennett: — with  Devil  to   Pay.      Sir 


540  D.  L.  1737-1738. 

John  Loverule  =  Beard :  Jobson  =  Harper  :    Nell  = 
Mrs.  Clive  :  Lady  Loverule  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

8.  For  bt.   of  Woodward    and    Mrs.    Furnival. 
Way  of  the  World.     Mirabell  =  Mil  ward :    Fainall  = 
Mills :    Witwou'd  =  Woodward :    Sir   Wilful  Wit- 
wou'd  =  Harper :  Petulant  =  Macklin  :    Waitwell  = 
Turbutt :    Millamant  -  Mrs.  Furnival :    Mrs.  Mar- 
wood  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Lady  Wishfort  =  Mrs.   Grace  : 
Foible  =  Mrs.  Bennett :    Mrs.   Fainall  =  Mrs.  Prit- 
chard : — with  Harlot's  Progress.     Harlequin  =  Lun 
Jun. :    (Woodward)    Beau    Mordecai  =  Macklin  : 
Mother  Midnight  =  Mr.  Harper  :  Ladies  of  Pleasure 
=  Mrs.  Bennett,  &c. 

9.  Strategem.     Archer  =  Mills :  Scrub  =  Macklin  : 
Aimwell  =  Mil  ward  :  Foigard  =  Miller  :    Boniface  = 
Harper:  Gibbet  =  Wood  ward  :  Sullen  =  Quin  :  Mrs. 
Sullen  =  Mrs.  Furnival :    Cherry  =  Mrs.  Clive:    Do- 
rinda  =  Mrs.  Mills. 

13.  Not  acted  this  season,  for  the  bt.  of  the  author 
— Man  of  Taste — this  bt.  was  probably  given  to 
Miller  on  account  of  the  ill  success  of  Art  and 
Nature.  Man  of  Taste  (Martin)  =  Macklin,  1st 
time  :  Sir  Humphrey  Henpeck  =  Harper  :  Sir  Posi- 
tive Bubble  =  G riffin  :  Freelove  =  Mills  :  Valentine 
=  Milward  :  Col.  Cockade  (Reynard)  =  Miller : 
Lady  Henpeck  =  Mrs.  Grace  :  Maria  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
Dorothea  =  Mrs.  Pritchard:  Angelica  =  Mrs.  Mills. 

16.  Old  Batchelor.  Heartwell  =  Quin  :  Belmour 
=  Mills:  Sir  Joseph  Wittol  =  Miller:  Noll  Bluff = 
Johnson  :  Fondlewife  =  Griffin  :  Vainlove  —  Havard  : 
Sharper  =  Wright :  Setter  =  M acklin  :  Leetitia  =  Mrs. 
Clive  :  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Hamilton  :  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Grace:  Aramieta^Mrs.  Pritchard:  Silvia  =:  Miss 


D.  L.  1737-1738.  541 

Brett : — with  Dragon  of  Wantley  acted  by  children. 

17.  For  bt.  of  Chetwood  and  Miss  Brett.  Squire 
of  Alsatia.  Squire  =  Woodward  :  Lucia  =  Miss 
Chetwood,  her  1st  appearance  on  any  stage  : — with 
Rival  Queens,  or  the  Humours  of  little  Alexander 
the  Great.  Alexanders  Cross  :  Clytus  =  Harper  : 
Hephestion  —  Woodward  :  Roxana  =  Mr.  Macklin  : 
Statira  =  Mr.  Turbutt. 

19-  Committee.  Teague  =  Miller :  Careless  — 
Milward:  Blunt  =  Mills:  Day  =  Griffin:  Obediahrr 
Johnson:  Abel  =  Macklin  :  Ruth  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : 
Arbella  =  Mrs.  Butler:  Mrs.  Day  =  Mrs.  Marshall. 

23.  Richard  the  3d  =  Quin  :  Henry  6th  =  Milward : 
Richmond  =.  Wright :  Buckingham  =  Mills  :  Lord 
Mayor  =  Harper  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Roberts  :  Lady 
Anne  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

25.  Love   makes   a    Man.      Clodio  =  Macklin : 
Sancho  =  Woodward  :  Angelina  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : — 
rest  as  before. 

26.  Love  for  Love.     Tattle  =  Macklin. 

27.  Alchemist.     Able  Druggem  Miller  :  Kastril  = 
Woodward  : — rest  as  before. 

31.  Beggar's  Opera — last  play.  (Sills  from  Mr. 
Field's  Collection.') 

The  Collection  in  the  British  Museum  for  this 
season  has  not  one  printed  bill,  and  the  Manuscript 
contains  little  information  beyond  the  title  of  the 
plays.  The  Compiler  of  the  Manuscript  bills  has 
one  great  fault ;  he  sometimes  puts  the  name  of  a 
performer  to  the  part  he  usually  played,  without 
having  any  sufficient  authority  for  concluding  that  he 
played  the  part  on  that  particular  evening— accord- 
ing to  his  Manuscript  Mrs.  Porter  acted  Belvidera 


542  D.  L.  1737-1738. 

on  Feb.  3  1738,  and  Zara  on  Feb.  10,  but  it  is  certain 
from  Mr.  Field's  bills  that  she  did  not  play  either  of 
the  parts. 

Mr.  Field's  bills  were  purchased  at  Isaac  Reed's 
sale — Mr.  Reed  had  dated  the  bills  of  1738  as  the 
bills  of  1737 — the  Queen's  death  puts  it  past  a  doubt 
that  Mr.  Reed  had  dated  his  bills  wrong,  as  according 
to  his  computation  the  theatres  were  not  shut  in 
Nov.  for  the  Queen's  death. 

The  bills  in  the  British  Museum  and  those  in  the 
collection  of  Mr.  Field  at  this  period  of  the  stage  are 
cut  out  of  the  newspapers — not  the  bills  regularly 
printed  for  the  theatres — these  bills  when  taken  from 
the  papers  in  which  the  Managers  advertised  the 
plays,  are  generally  correct  j  when  they  are  taken 
from  the  other  papers,  they  are  not  to  be  depen- 
ded on. 

Mr.  Field's  bills  for  1738,  1739,  17*0  and  1742, 
came  into  my  possession  in  1827- 

Theophilus  Gibber  and  his  wife  did  not  act  in  the 
last  part  of  this  season — the  account  which  Victor 
gives  of  them  is  to  this  effect — "  The  particular  cir- 
"  cum  stances  attending  their  marriage  were  much 
"talked  of — he  soon  left  her  to  deplore  his  absence 
"  — in  their  first  country  retirement,  Mr.  Sloper 
"  was  a  contant  visitor,  as  a  friend  to  the  husband, 
"  and  was  requested  by  him,  to  teach  his  wife  the 
"  game  of  back-gammon,  while  he  pursued  his  fa- 
"  vourite  diversion  of  hunting  in  the  purlieus  of  Co- 
"  vent  Garden— the  Gentleman's  passion  for  Mrs. 
"  Gibber  was  not  long  a  secret,  and  his  purse  was 
"  soon  at  the  command  of  the  husband ;  who,  it 
"  seems,  had  borrowed  to  the  amount  of  £400  ;  and 


D.  L.  1737-1738.  543 

"  under  these  weighty  obligations  T.  Gibber  would 
"  have  put  his  horns  in  his  pocket,  if  his  wife  would 
"  have  continued  with  him  for  the  use  of  both  parties 
" — but  she  having  too  much  nicety,  as  well  as  ho- 
"  nour,  her  resentment  soon  fired  her  with  resolution 
"  enough  to  despise  her  husband,  and  publicly  avow 
"  her  passion  for  Mr.  S.,  by  leaving  the  stage,  and 
"  retiring  with  him  to  a  house  he  had  taken  for  that 
"  purpose,  near  Windsor. 

"  This  loss  of  his  wife,  or  rather  of  her  salary,  T. 
"  Gibber  could  not  bear — having  procured  sufficient 
"  assistance  he  brought  her  back  by  force,  and  con- 
"  fined  her  in  his  house — from  whence  she  was  res- 
"  cued  by  the  same  means,  while  her  husband  was 
"  acting  Scrub"— see  D.  L.  Sep.  28  1738. 

A  Pamphlet  called — "  The  Tryal  of  a  cause  for 
"  criminal  conversation,  between  Theophilus  Gibber 

Gent.  Plaintiff,  and  William  Sloper  Esqre.  Defen- 
"  dant" — was  published  in  1739 — the  cause  was 
heard  on  the  5th  of  December  1738 — the  intimacy 
between  Mr.  Sloper  and  Mrs.  Gibber  was  proved  in 
the  clearest  manner — it  was  equally  clear  that  T. 
Gibber  had  connived  at  it — the  Jury  gave  a  verdict 
for  the  Plaintiff — and  £10  for  damages — Colley  Gib- 
ber and  Fleetwood  were  examined,  but  their  evidence 

was  of  no   importance Victor's  account  is  not 

correct — it  appears  that  Mr.  Sloper  and  Mrs.  Gibber 
had  private  meetings  in  Dec.  1737 — in  the  summer 
of  1738  T.  Gibber  and  his  wife  lived  together  in  the 
same  house,  with  Mr.  Sloper,  at  Burnham  in  Buck- 
inghamshire— a  door  opened  between  the  bedcham- 
bers of  T.  Gibber  and  Mr.  Sloper — Mrs.  Gibber  used 
to  go  into  Mr.  Sloper's  room,  and  T.  Gibber  used  to 


D.  L.   1737-1738. 

wish  her  good  night— in  Sep.  T.  Gibber  took  his 
wife  from  Burnham — he  committed  her  to  the  care 
of  a  man  who  was  faithful  to  his  trust,  but  her  bro- 
ther rescued  her  by  force,  and  carried  her  to  her 
mother's — Mr.  Sloper  was  there — she  went  with  him 
to  Reading,  where  she  continued  till  about  5  weeks 
before  the  trial. 

In  1751  T.  Gibber  had  thoughts  of  attempting  to 
prevent  his  wife  from  acting  in  London — Victor 
wrote  him  a  letter  to  dissuade  him  from  this,  as  the 
Public,  on  whom  he  was  himself  dependent  for  a 
livelihood,  would  probably  resent  their  being  de- 
prived of  such  an  actress — Victor's  advice  was  good 
— the  public  indignation  would  naturally  be  excited 
against  a  man,  who,  having  been  himself  notoriously 
guilty  of  conjugal  infidelity,  should  attempt  to  punish 
his  wife  for  the  same. 

Miller's  name  does  not  appear  after  this  time,  he 
seems  to  have  been  dead  or  too  ill  to  act  at  the  open- 
ing of  the  theatre  in  Sep. — he  was  a  natural  spirited 
Comedian ;  he  was  famous  for  Teague  in  the  Com- 
mittee and  other  similar  parts — and  tho'  the  Gentle- 
men of  Ireland  would  never  admit  that  he  had  the 
true  Brogue,  yet  he  substituted  something  in  the 
room  of  it,  that  made  his  Teague  very  diverting  to 
an  English  audience  ;  and  perhaps  more  so  than  if 
played  by  an  Irishman ;  for  Victor  had  often  seen 
that  character  so  extremely  well  acted  in  Dublin  that 
he  did  not  understand  one  word  of  what  the  actor 
said.* 


*    Morris,  celebrated  for  the  Brave  Irishman  in    Sheridan's 
Farce. 


D..L.   1737-1738.  545 

Miller  was  excellent  in  Sir  Joseph  Wittol,  Tall- 
boy, Kastril,  Ben,  &c» — and  as  a  full  proof  of  the 
force  of  his  abilities,  he  died  in  the  receipt  of  a  good 
salary,  which  he  had  long  enjoyed,  without  being  able 
to  read— it  was  said  that  his  principal  object  in  mar- 
rying was  to  have  a  wife,  who  was  able  to  read  his 
parts  to  h  i  m .  (  Victor. ) 


Josias  Miller's  diameters — selection  only. 

D.  L.  1709-1710.  Teague  in  Committee— Jeremy 
in  Love  for  Love. 

1714-1715.  Kate  Matchlock  in  Funeral— *Sir 
Roger  in  What  d'ye  call  it  ? — Clincher  Jim.  in  Con- 
stant Couple — Tallboy  in  Jovial  Crew — Cokes  in 
Bartholomew  Fair. 

1715-1716.  Sir  Jolly  Jumble  in  Soldier's  Fortune 
— Sir  Amorous  la  Foole  in  Silent  Woman — Trico  in 
Ignoramus — Sir  Mannerly  Shallow  in  Country  Wit. 

1716-1717.  Clodpole  in  Amorous  Widow — Squire 

Somebody  in   Stage  Coach — Lance  in  Wit  without 

Money — Sir  Harry  Gubbin  in   T.  H — Sir  Joseph 

Wittol  in  O.  B. — I)on  Lewis  in  Love  makes  a  Man 

-Sir  Martin  Marrall. 

1717.1718.  Sampson  in  Little  French  Lawyer— 
Widgin  in  Northern  Lass — Bullock  in  R.  O. 

1718-1719.  Hothead  in  Sir  Courtly  Nice— Marplot 
-Trincalo — Foigard — Asotus  in  Bondman. 

1719-1720.    Jaqueline  in  Fatal  Marriage — Osrick. 

1720-1721.  Ben— Squire  of  Alsatia -Silence  in 
Henry  4th  —Trim. 

* 
VOL.  III.  N  N 


c.  G.  1737-1738. 


Kastril  in  Alchemist—  Roderigo. 

1722-1723.  Lawyer  Petulant  in'  Plain  Dealer. 

1724-1725.  Crack  in  Sir  Courtly  Nice—  Hum- 
phry Gubbin  in  T.  H.  —  Beau  Clincher. 

1725-1726.  Hob—  Teague  in  Twin  Rivals—  Razor 
in  P.  W. 

1726-1727.  Abel  Drugger  —  Humorous  Lieutenant 

—  Trappanti. 

1727-1728.  *John  Moody—  Antonio  in  Chances. 
1728-1729.  *Cimon  in  Love  in  a  Riddle—  *  Brush 
in  Village  Opera. 

Goodman's  Fields  —  1731-1732.      1st  Gravedigger 

—  Cacafogo  —  Robin  in  Contrivances. 

D.  L.  1734-1735.  Host  of  the  Garter  —  Lord 
Sands. 

1736-1737.  Sir  William  Belfond  —  *Miller  of 
Mansfield. 

1737-1738.  Clown  in  Measure  for  Measure—  1st 
Witch  —  *  Sir  John  Cockle  in  do.  at  Court  —  Timothy 
Peascod  in  What  d'ye  call  it  ? 

*   Originally. 


C.  G.  1737-1738. 

Sep.  16.  King  John 28.  King  Lear. 

30.  Funeral  and  Toyshop. 


c.  G.   1737-1738.  547 

Oct.  5.  Country  Wife 10.  Volporic. 

12.  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not. 

26.  Wit  without  Money  with,  never  acted,  Dragon 
of  Wantley — this  is  a  burlesque  Opera  founded  on 
the  old  ballad.  Dragon  =  Reinhold  :  Moore  =  Sal- 
way :  Gaffer  Gubbins  =  Laguerre  :  Margery  =  Miss 
J.  Young:  Mauxalinda  =  Miss  E.  Young: — Carey, 
in  his  dedication  to  Lampe,  who  composed  the  Music, 
says,  "  Many  joyous  hours  have  we  shared  during 
"  the  composition  of  this  Opera,  chopping  and  chang- 
"  ing,  lopping,  eking  out  and  coining  of  words,  syl- 
"  lables  and  jingle,  to  display  in  English  the  beauty  of 
"  nonsense,  so  prevailing  in  the  Italian  Operas :  this 
"  pleasure  has  been  since  transmitted  to  the  gay 
"  the  goodnatured  and  jocular  part  of  mankind, 
"  who  have  tasted  the  joke  and  enjoyed  the  laugh," 
&c  — the  Music  was  made  as  grand  and  pompous  as 
possible  in  order  to  heighten  the  contrast  between 
that  and  the  words. 

Oct.  29.  London  Cuckolds 31.  Albion  Queens. 

Nov.  2,  3  and  7.     Much  ado  about  Nothing. 

4.  Tamerlane. 

21.  Plays  stopped  on  account  of  the  Queen's 
death.  (List  of  plays  from  B.  M.) 

Jan.  2.  Fair  Quaker  of  Deal.  Flip=Rosco:  Mizen 
=  Neale  :  Worthy  =  Ryan :  Rove  well  =  I  Tallinn  : 
Fair  Quaker  =  Mrs.  Bellamy:  Arabella  =  Mrs.  Vin- 
cent late  Miss  Binks : — Mrs.  Bellamy  was  mother  to 
the  famous  George  Anne  Bellamy, 

4.  Love's  last  Shift.  Sir  Novelty  Fashion  =  Chap- 
man :  Loveless  =  Ryan  :  Sir  William  AVisewoud  = 
Hippisley  :  Elder  Worthy  =  Bridgewater :  Younger 
Worthy  =  Walker :  Snap  =  Pinkethinuii :  Namssa  = 

N  N     2 


548  c.  ».  1737-1738. 

Mrs.  Bellamy  :  Amanda  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Hillaria  = 
Mrs.  Stevens. 

5.  Venice  Preserved.  Jaffier  =  Delane :  Pierre  = 
Ryan  :  Renault  rz  Chapman  :  Priuli  —  Bridgewater  : 
Bedamar  —  Walker :  Belvidera  —  Mrs.  Hallam. 

7-  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil  =  Delane  : 
Tom  =  Chapman :  Myrtle  =  Walker  :  Cimberton  = 
Hippisley :  Sealand  =  Aston :  Sir  John  Bevil  = 
Bridgewater :  Indiana  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Phillis  =  Mrs. 
Vincent. 

10.  Rival  Queens.     Alexander  =  Delane  :   Clytus 
—  Stephens:  Lysimachus  =Ryan  :  Hephestion  =  A. 
Hallam:  Cassander  =  Walker  :  Statira  =  Mrs.  Hor- 
ton :  Roxana=  Mrs.  Hallam. 

11.  Provoked  Husband.     Lord  Townly  =  Ryan  : 
Sir  Francis  Wronghead= Hippisley:  Manly :=  Bridge- 
water  :  Count  Basset  =  Chapman  :   Squire  Richard 
r^Neale  :  John  Moody  is  omitted  :  Lady  Townly  = 
Mrs.  Horton  :  Lady  Wronghead  =  Mrs.  Kilby  :  Lady 
Grace  =  Mrs.  Bellamy :  M iss  Jenny  =  Mrs.  Vincent. 

12.  Distressed  Mother.    Orestes  =  Ryan :  Pyrrhus 
=  Delane  :  Andromache  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Hermione 
=  Mrs.  Hallam. 

13.  Rule  a  Wife.     Leon  =  Delane  :  Copper  Cap- 
tain =  Ryan  :  Estifania  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Margarita  = 
Mrs.  Ware  :  Old  Woman  =  Mr.  Hippisley. 

14.  All  for  Love.     Antony  =  Delane  :  Ventidius 
=  Bridgevvater  :  Dolabella  —  Walker  :  Cleopatra  r= 
Mrs.  Horton  :  Octavia  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

17.  Hippisley's  bt.  Hamlet  =  Ryan  :  Ghost  =  De- 
lane  :  King  =  Bridgewater  :  Laertes  —  A.  Hallam  : 
Horatio  :=  Walker  :  Polonius  —  Hippisley  :  Osrick  = 
Chapman  :  Gravediggers  =  Rosco  and  Mullart : 


c.  G.  1737-1738.  549 

Queen  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Vincent  :— 
with  Drunken  Man  by  Hippisley. 

18.  Never  acted  there,  Northern  Lass.  Sir  Philip 
Luckless  =  Ryan  :  Sir  Paul  Squelch  =  Hippisley : 
Tridewell  =  Hale :  Capt.  Anvil  =  Bridgewater : 
Widgin  =  Chapman  :  Bulfinch  =  Rosco  :  Pate  =  Ar- 
thur :  Howd'ye  =  Neale  :  Widow  Fitchew  =  Mrs. 
Horton  :  Northern  Lass  =  Mrs.  Vincent. 

23.  Provoked  Wife.     Sir  John  Brute  —  Bridge- 
water  :  Constant   =   Walker :  Heartfree   =   Ryan  : 
Razor  =  Chapman :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Horton  : 
Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  : 
Mademoiselle  —  Mrs.  Moreau. 

24.  For  bt.    of  Carey,  author  of  the  Dragon  of 
Wantley.     Way  of  the  World.     Mirabell  =  Ryan  : 
Fainall  =  Walker :  Witwoud   =    Chapman  :  Petu- 
lant =  Neale  :    Waitwell  =  James  :    Millamant  =  Mrs. 
Horton :    Mrs.    Marwood    =    Mrs.  Hallam :    Lady 
Wishfort  =  Mrs.  Mullart :  Foible  =  Mrs.  Stevens  : 
with  Dragon  of  Wantley  41st  time. 

25.  Never  acted,  the  Nest  of  Plays— these  3  short 
plays  are  attributed  to   Hildebrand  Jacob  j  each  of 
them  consists  of  one  act. 

Act  1.  Prodigal  Reformed.  Severn  — A.  Hallam: 
Old  Severn  =.  Rosco  :  Trueman  =  Bridgewater  :  Tat- 
terdemalion (a  poet)  =  Chapman:  Froth  =  Neale: 
Johnson  =  Arthur  :  Lady  Turtle  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  : 
Lady  Basset  =  Mrs.  Ware  :  Miss  Siren  =  Miss  Bru- 
nette : — Young  Severn  was  sent  when  a  boy  from 
America  to  England,  to  be  educated  under  the  care 
of  Trueman — Young  Severn  is  extravagant,  but  has 
good  principles  at  bottom — he  is  reduced  to  pecuni- 
ary difficulties,  and  deserted  by  his  supposed  friends 


550  c.  G.   1737-1738. 

— he  is  arrested  by  his  creditors,  and  rescued  from 
them  by  his  father — this  piece  has  a  resemblance  to 
the  Spendthrift — see  Hay.  1731. 

Act  2.  Happy  Constancy.  Count  Sebastian  = 
Delane  .  Don  Alphonso  (his  friend)  =  Hale  :  Gomez 
=  Ryan :  Stephano  (father  to  Teresa)  —  Hip- 
pisley  :  Lopez  =  Chapman:  Teresa  =  Mrs.  Stevens : 
Petronilla  =  Mrs.  Martin  : — the  scene  lies  near  Lis- 
bon— Gomez,  the  husband  of  Teresa,  has  been 
absent  near  7  years — Teresa,  having  received  a  re- 
port of  his  death,  is  prevailed  on  by  her  father  to  con- 
sent to  a  marriage  with  Sebastian — Gomez  returns 
just  in  the  nick  of  time — the  plot  of  this  act  has  a 
considerable  resemblance  to  that  of  the  Fatal  Mar- 
riage, with  the  exception  of  the  Catastrophe. 

Act  3.  Tryal  of  Conjugal  Love.     Belair  :=  Ryan  : 
Sir  Jasper  Fragil  =  Bridge  water  :  Marie  (his  steward) 
=  Hippisley :  Farundel  (servant  to  Belair)  =  Pen- 
kethman  :  Lady  Fragil  =  Mrs.  Horton  : — Lady  Fra- 
gil affects  to  have  a  great  regard  for  her  old  husband 
— he  suspects  the  sincerity  of  her  professions,  and  re- 
solves to  put  them  to  the  proof — with  this  view  he 
pretends  to  be  dead — she  shows  signs  of  violent  grief 
— Marie  reads  Sir  Jasper's   Will — Sir  Jasper  gives 
his   landed  property  to  Belair,  and  his  personals  to 
his  wife,  but   upon    condition  of  her  not  marrying 
again — Belair,  according  to  the  plan  concerted  be- 
tween him  and  Sir  Jasper,  makes  love  to  Lady  Fra- 
gil— she  accepts  him,  and  Belair  prevails  on  her  to 
let  the  ceremony  take  place  immediately — Sir  Jasper 
enters  disguised  as  a  parson — Belair  tumbles  down 
in  a  seeming  fit — his  servant  says  that  nothing  will 
recover    him,    except    the  hand    of  a   man,    newly 


c.  o.  1737-1738.  551 

deceased,  stroked  under  his  nostrils — Lady  Fragil 
orders  Sir  Jasper's  coffin  to  be  opened  for  that  pur- 
pose— Sir  Jasper  discovers  himself — she  makes  her 
exit  in  a  rage — Sir  Jasper  determines  to  have  articles 
of  separation  drawn  up — this  is  the  best  piece  of  the 
three — it  is  founded  on  the  story  of  the  Ephesian 
Matron — the  Nest  of  Plays  has  not  much  to  recom- 
mend it,  but  it  certainly  did  not  deserve  damnation 
—  the  author  attributes  its  ill  success  to  its  having 
been  the  first  play  licensed  by  the  authority  of  the 
Lord  Chamberlain,  he  says  some  people  were  deter- 
mined, as  they  themselves  declared,  to  silence,  with- 
out any  distinction,  the  first  fruits  of  that  Act  of 
Parliament. 

Jan.  26.  Orphan.  Castalio  =  Ryan :  Chamont^ 
Delane  :  Polydore  =  Walker  :  Acasto  =  Stephens  : 
Monimia  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

27.  Busy  Body.   Marplot  =  Chapman  :  Sir  Francis 
Gripe  =  Hippisley  :   Sir  George  Airy  =  Ryan:  Sir 
Jealous  Traffic  =  Miillart :  Charles  =  Walker :  Mi- 
randa =  Mrs.  Vincent:  Patch  =  Mrs.  Stevens. 

28.  Jane  Shore.     Hastings  =  Delane  :  Dumont  = 
Bridge  water:  Gloster  =  Ryan  :  Belmour  =  Walker: 
Jane  Shore  =  Mrs.  Horton:    Alicia  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

31.  Mistake.  Carlos  =  Ryan  :  Sancho—  Hippis- 
ley :  Lopez  =  Chapman:  Loren zo  =  Walker :  Alva- 
rez rr  Bridgewater :  Camillo  =  Mrs.  Stevens  :  Leo- 
nora =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Jacinta  =  Mrs.  Kilby. 

Feb.  1.  Stratcgem.  Archer  =  Ryan:  Scrub  = 
Hippisley  :  Aimwell  =  Walker  :  Foigard  =  Rosoo  : 
Boniface  =  Mullart:  Sullen  =  Bridgewater:  Gibbet 
=  Chapman:  Mrs.  Sullen  =  Mrs.  Horton:  Cherry 
=  Mrs.  Vincent:  Dorinda=Mrs.  Bellamy. 


c.  G.  1737-1738. 

2.  King  John,  as  written  by  Shakspeare.     King 
John  =  Delane  :  Faulconbridge  =  Walker :  Hubert  — 
Bridgewater :  King  of  France  =  Ryan  :  Dauphin  = 
Hallam:  Pandulph= Chapman:  Sal isbury= Stephens: 
Chatillion  =  Salway :  Austria  =  Mullart :  Robert  Faul- 
conbridge =  Clarke  :  Arthur  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Con- 
stance =  Mrs.  Hallam :  Queen  =  Mrs.  James :  Blanch 
=  Mrs.  Stevens  : — with  a  new  Prologue. 

3.  Fair  Penitent.     Horatio  =  Walker :    Lothario 
=  Delane:  Sciolto  =  Stephens:  Altamont  =  Hallam : 
CalistanMrs.  Horton. 

4.  Double  Gallant.     Atall  —  Chapman  :  Sir  Solo- 
mon Sadlife=:Hippisley :  Careless  =  Hallam  :  Cleri- 
mont  =  Walker  :   Rhubarb  =  Neale  :  Capt.  Strut  = 
Stoppelear :    Lady   Sadlife  =  Mrs.  Bellamy :    Lady 
Dainty  =  Mrs.   Horton  :  Clarinda  =  Mrs.  Stevens : 
Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Vincent:  Wish  well  =  Mrs.  Mullart. 

6.  Not  acted  40  years,  Richard  the  2d.  Kingm 
Delane  :  York  =  Stephens  :  Gaunt  =  Johnson  :  Bo- 
lingbroke  =  Ryan  :  Norfolk  —  Wai k er  :  Northumber- 
land =:  Bridgewater  :  Aumerle  =  Hallam  :  Bishop  of 
Carlisle  =  Chapman:  Salisbury  =  Lyon  :  Queen  = 
Mrs.  Horton  :  Duchess  of  York  =  Mrs.  Hallam  : 
Duchess  of  Gloster  =  Mrs.  James  : — with  a  new  Pro- 
logue addressed  to  the  Ladies  by  whose  desire  this 
play  and  King  John  were  revived — of  course  the 
Shakspeare  Ladies  mentioned  in  the  Historical  Re- 
gister—  on  this  revival,  the  ancient  ceremony  which 
belonged  to  the  single  combat  was  accurately  observed 
in  the  scene  which  represents  the  lists  at  Coventry  ; 
Bolingbroke  and  Norfolk  were  dressed  in  complete 
armour — two  Chairs  finely  adorned  were  placed  at 
the  opposite  sides  of  the  lists,  to  which  each  of  the 


C.G.  1737-1738.  553 

combatants  retired,  when  he  had  stood  forth  and 
spoken — the  King  was  seated  on  a  throne  of  state. 

Delane  did  great  justice  to  several  scenes  of 
Richard  the  2d,  particularly  the  one  between  him  and 
John  of  Gaunt ;  but  he  could  not  exhibit  the  King's 
distressful  situation  in  the  latter  part  of  the  play  ; 
his  voice  was  too  loudly  extended  for  the  despondency 
of  grief — Yates,  who  at  this  time  was  a  young  actor, 
was  the  person  who  enters  in  the  4th  act  with  a  glass 

—Clarke,  who  acted  the  Groom,  was  the  original 
Filch,  a  man  fitted  by  nature  to  represent  under-parts 
— he  was  the  Chronicle  of  the  theatre — he  knew  the 
whole  history  of  the  Players,  and  made  himself  ac- 
ceptable to  persons  who  were  fond  of  theatricals  by 
communicating  to  them  many  a  laughable  anecdote 

—his  chief  employment  (on  account  of  his  resem- 
blance to  Rich  both  in  size  and  figure)  was  that  of 
an  under-harlequin,  and  he  was  happy,  when  the 
audience  from  similarity  of  form  were  surprised  into 
a  clap,  by  mistaking  the  man  for  the  master — the 
substitute  was  so  like  the  original  that  Rich  one  night 
paid  severely  for  the  resemblance  ;  one  of  the  actors 
having  had  some  words  with  Clarke,  during  the  re- 
presentation of  the  Pantomime,  waited  for  an  oppor. 
tunity  of  showing  his  resentment ;  unluckily  Rich 
threw  himself  in  the  way  of  the  angry  person  as  he 
came  off  the  stage,  and  received  such  a  blow  of  the 
fist  on  his  stomach  as  for  some  time  deprived  him  of 
the  power  to  breathe,  the  man  perceiving  his  mistake 
implored  the  Manager's  pardon,  protesting  that  he 
thought  he  had  struck  Nat  Clarke ;  "  and  pray,"  said 
Rich,  "  what  terrible  provocation  could  Clarke  give 
"  to  merit  such  a  violent  blow  ? "  (Davies.) 


554       -  c.  G.    1737-1738. 

Steevens,  in  a  note  at  the  end  of  the  Yorkshire 
Tragedy,  says — "  the  Critics  may  applaud  Richard 
"  the  2d,  tho*  the  successive  audiences  of  more  than  a 
"  century  have  respectively  slumbered  over  it,  as  often 
"  as  it  has  appeared  on  the  stage — Garrick  had  once 
"  resolved  on  its  revival ;  but  his  good  sense  at  last 
"  overpowered  his  ambition  to  raise  it  to  the  dignity 
"  of  the  acting  list — Garrick's  chief  expectations  from 
"  it,  as  he  himself  confessed,  would  have  been  founded 
"  on  scenery  displaying  the  magnificence  of  our  an- 

"  cient   barriers  " Tate's   Richard   the   2d   was 

silenced  on  the  3d  day  by  authority  ;  not  laid  aside 
from  the  sleepiness  of  the  audience  —  Theobald's 
alteration,  tho'  a  very  bad  one,  was  acted  about  7 
times  the  first  season,  and  continued  on  the  acting 

list  for  2  years  longer Shakspeare's  own  play  on 

this  revival  was  acted  10  times,  and  about  4  times  in 
the  next  season. 

Feb.  13.  By  desire  of  several  Ladies  of  Quality — - 
Henry  4th  part  1st.  Falstaff:=  Bridge  water :  Hotspur 
—  Delane  :    King  =  Johnson  :    Prince  of  Wales  — 
Ryan  :  Worcester  =  Rosco :  Glendower  =  Chapman : 
Douglas  —  Hale  :  Vernon  =  Hallam  :  Blunt  —  Sal  way : 
Poins  —  A.  Ryan  :  Francis  =  Hippisley  :  Carriers  =: 
Mullart  and  James  :    Kate  =  Mrs.  Ware  :    Hostess 
=  Mrs.  Martin. 

16.  Not  acted  50  years — at  the  desire  of  the  Ladies 
of  Quality — Henry  4th  part  2d.  Falstaifn:  Bridge- 
water  :  King  —  Delane :  Prince  of  Wales  =  Ryan  : 
Lancaster  =  Hallam  :  Chief  Justice  —  Stephens  : 
Archbishop  of  York  =  Chapman  :  Lord  Bardolph  = 
Hale  :  Poins  =  Salway  :  Shallow  =  Hippisley  :  Silence 
=  Neale  :  Wart  =  Yates  :  Mouldy  =  Stoppelear  : 


C.G.  1737-1738.  555 

Pistol  =  James  :  Hostess  =  Mrs.  James:  Doll  Tear- 
sheet  =  Miss  Dancey :  —  (acted  twice) — N.B.  The 
above  play  of  Henry  the  4-th  is  the  genuine  play  of 
Shakspeare  ;  not  that  altered  by  Betterton  and  so 
frequently  acted  at  the  other  theatre. 

21.  8th  night  of  Richard  the  2d — few  plays  were 
acted  about  this  time,  except  those  of  Shakspeare. 

23.  Not  acted  40  years,  Henry  5th.  King  =  Delane: 
Archbishop  of  Canterbury  =  Chapman  :  Exeter  = 
Stephens :  Scroop  =  Arthur :  Gower  =  Hale  :  Fluel- 
lin  =  Hippisley  :  Pistol  =  James  :  Mac  Morris  = 
Neale  :  Jamyn  Lyon  :  Williams  =  Rosco  :  Hostess 
=  Mrs.  Mullart :  King  of  France  =  Johnson :  Dauphin 
—  Hallam :  Burgundy  =  Walker :  Constable  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Queen  of  France  =  Mrs.  James  :  Katharine 
=  Mrs.  Ware:  Chorus  =  Ryan  : — acted  4  times  suc- 
cessively, and  3  times  afterwards. 

There  is  an  old  play  called  Henry  the  5th,  in  the 
latter  part  of  which  his  actions  in  France  are  huddled 
into  a  small  compass — Shakspeare  seems  to  have 
borrowed  the  scene  about  the  tennis  balls,  the  court- 
ship of  the  Princess,  and  the  marriage  at  the  con- 
clusion. 

March  2.  King  John 6.  Henry  5th. 

9.  Richard  2d. 

11.  Amorous  Widow.  Barnaby  Brittle  =  Hippis- 
ley :  Lovemore  =  Walker  :  Cunningham  =  Hallam  : 
Clodpole  =  Arthur :  Mrs.  Brittle  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

13.  By  desire  of  several  Ladies  of  Quality— for 
Delane's  bt,  and  not  acted  50  years,  Henry  6th  part 
1st.  Talbot  =  Delane  :  Gloster  =  Ryan  :  York=r 
Stephens:  Bishop  of  Winchester  =  Chapman  :  Bed- 
ford =  John  son  :  King  Henry  =  A.  Ryan  :  Suffolk  = 


556  c.  G.    1737-1738. 

Walker :  Exeter  =  Aston  :  Somerset  =  Hale  :  War- 
wick =  Rosco  :  Salisbury  =  Lyon  :  Young  Talbot  = 
Stevens  :  Vernon  =  Ben  croft :  Basset  =  Anderson  : 
Sir  William  Lucy  =  Arthur :  Dauphin  =  Hallam  : 
Anjou  •=.  Bridgewater  :  Burgundy  =  Ridout :  Alen9on 
=  Salway :  Margaret  =  Mrs.  Ware :  Countess  of 
Auvergne  =  Mrs.  James  :  Joan  la  Pucelle  =  Mrs. 
Hallam  : — this  play  seems  not  to  have  been  repeated 
— in  all  probability  this  was  the  only  night  on  which 
it  was  ever  acted  since  the  Restoration — perhaps 
since  the  time  of  Shakspeare. 

This  play,  Henry  4th  part  2d,  and  Henry  5th  are 
said  not  to  have  been  acted  for  40  or  50  years— if 
this  really  meant  any  thing,  it  implied  that  these  3 
plays  had  been  performed  40  or  50  years  ago — but 

there  seems  no  ground  for  such  a  supposition 

Richard  2d  is  said  not  to  have  been  acted  for  40  years 
— this  could  have  no  reference  to  Theobald's  Richard 
2d  which  was  acted  in  1721-1722— nor  to  Tate's, 
which  had  not  been  acted  since  1681 — there  can 
scarcely  be  a  doubt,  but  the  40  and  50  years  men- 
tioned in  the  bills  were  stated  at  random — such  ex- 
pressions generally  mean  no  more  than  that  the 
managers  were  ignorant  at  what  distance  of  time  the 
play  had  been  previously  represented. 

14.  Ryan's  bt.  Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry  Wild- 
aim  Ryan:  Col.  Standard  =  Delane  :  Beau  Clincher 
—  Chapman  :  Clincher  Jun.  =  Neale  :  Smuggler  = 
Hippisley  :  Vizard  =  Hale  :  Lady  Lurewell  =  Mrs. 
Horton  :  Angelica  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  : — with,  never 
acted  there,  Honest  Yorkshireman.  Gaylove=  Sal- 
way  :  Sapskull  =  Rosco  :  Muckworm  =  Hippisley  : 
Slango  =  Neale  :  Blunder  =  Mullart :  Arbella  =  Miss 


C.G.  1737-1738.  55? 

Hillyard  :  Combrush  =  Mrs.  Vincent: — N.B.  Tickets 
delivered  out  for  She  wou'd  if  She  coti'd  will  be 
taken. 

16.  Mrs.  Horton's  bt.  Theodosius.  Varanes  = 
Delane  .  Theodosius  r=  Ryan  :  Marcian  =  Walker  : 
Leontine  =  Bridgewater :  Athanais  =  Mrs.  Horton  : 
Pulcheria  =  Mrs.  Hal  lam. 

18.  False  Friend.  Don  John  =  Delane :  Don 
Pedro  =  Ryan  :  Don  Guzman  =  Walker :  Don  Felix 
=  Bridgewater  :  Lopez  =  Chapman  :  Galindo  =  Hip- 
pisley  :  Leonora  =  Mrs.  Ware  :  Jacinta  =  Mrs.  Ste- 
vens : — with  Dragon  of  Wantley  62d  time. 

20.  Not  acted  this  season,  Cymbeline,  written  by 
Shakspeare,  and  revised  (by  D'Urfey)  with  altera- 
tions. Cymbeline  =  Ryan  :  Ursaces  =  Delane  :  Cha- 
tillion*  =  Walker  :  Pisanio  =  Bridgewater  :  Cloten  = 
Chapman  :  Bellarius  =  Stephens  :  Palladour  =.  Ste- 
vens :  Arviragus  =  Hallam  :  Jachimo  =  James  :  Don 
M  ichael  =  Neale  :  Lucius  =  Aston  :  Beaupre  =  Sal- 
way:  Queen  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Eugenia  =  Mrs.  Tem- 
plar :  Clarinna  =  Mrs.  Kilby : — with  Toy-shop. 

25.  GEdipus  =  Delane  :  Adrastus  =  Hale  :  Creon 
=  Bridgewater :  Phorbas  —  Ryan :  Ghost  =  Stephens  : 
Tiresias  =  Aston  :  Hsemon  =  Hallam:  Citizens  = 
Hippisley,  Chapman,  Mullart,  Pinkethman,  Neale, 
&c. :  Jocasta  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Eurydice  =  Mrs. 
Ware. 

April  4.  Hippisley's  bt.  Royal  Merchant.  Gos- 
win  =  Ryan  :  Clause  =  Bridgewater  :  Orator 
Higgen  =  Hippisley :  Prince  Prigg  =  Chapman : 


*  Thus  the  printed  bill — it  should  have  been  *S  hattillion. 


558  c.  G.   1737-1738. 

Wolfort  =  Walker  :  Vandunke  =  Mullart :  Hemps- 
kirke  =  Hale  :  Bertha  =  Mrs.  Bellamy :  Jaqueline  = 
Mrs.  Vincent. 

5.  Bridge  water's  bt.  Henry  4th  pt.  1st,  with  Mock 
Lawyer.     Mock  Lawyer  =  Chapman. 

7-  Chapman's  bt.  Love  makes  a  Man,  Clodio  = 
Chapman :  Don  Lewis  =  Pinkethman  :  Carlos  = 
Delane  :  Charino  =  Hippisley  :  Don  Duart  =  Ryan  : 
Louisa  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Elvira  =:  Mrs.  Hallam:— 
with,  not  acted  7  years,  Cobler  of  Preston  (written, 
by  Chr.  Bullock).  Toby  Guzzle  =  Pinkethman  : 
Grist  =  Sal  way  :  Snuffle  =  Hippisley  :  Dorcas  Guz- 
zle —  Mr.  Stoppelear  :  Dame  Hacket=  Mr.  Mullart. 

8.  Walker's  bt.  King  John. 

10.  For  bt.  of  Mons.  Lalawze.     Othello  =  Delane : 
lago  =  Ryan  :    Cassio  =  Walker  :    Roderigo  =  Chap- 
man :  Desdemona  =  Mrs.  Horton  :    ^Emilia  =  Mrs. 
Mullart : — with  Cheats  of  Scapin.     Scapin  =  Hip- 
pisley :  Shift  =  Lalawze,  the  2d  time  of  his  acting  in 
English. 

11.  Wit    without    Money.      Valentine  =  Ryan  : 
Francisco  —  Delane  :    Lance  =  Chapman  :    Short- 
hose  =  Hippisley  :  Widow  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Isabella = 
Mrs.  Bellamy. 

12.  Hallam's   bt. — never   acted    there — Chances. 
Don  John  —  Hallam :    Don  Frederick  =  Delane  : 
Antonio  =  Hippisley  :    Duke  =  Bridgewater  :    Petru- 
chior=Hale:   1st   Constantia  =  Mrs.    Stevens:    2d 
Constantia  =  Mrs.  Horton  :    Landlady  =  Mrs.  Mul- 
lart: Bawd  =  Mrs.  James  : — Hallam  and  A.  Hallam 
seem  to  be  meant  for  the  same  person,  there  was 
however  another  actor  of  the  same  name — W.  Hal- 
lam acted  in  Marina. 


c.  .G  1737-1738. 

Adam  Hallam,  by  an  imitation  of  the  action  of 
Wilks,  especially  in  a  certain  peculiar  custom  of 
pulling  down  his  ruffles,  and  rolling  his  stockings, 
joined  to  a  good  degree  of  diligence,  so  far  gained  on 
Rich's  want  of  discernment  that  he  hired  him  for  7 
years  at  a  very  large  salary — at  the  end  of  his  en- 
gagement he  was  dismissed,  and  for  the  greater  part 
of  his  remaining  life  he  was  an  itinerant  actor — he 
translated  the  Beggar's  Opera  into  French,  which 
was  represented  at  the  Hay.  with  some  success— on 
the  revival  of  Richard  the  2d  he  invented  the  armour 
and  other  decorations  suitable  to  the  Dukes  of  Here- 
ford and  Norfolk  in  the  scene  at  the  Lists — Hallam 
died  a  kind  of  pensioner  to  the  Managers,  who  suc- 
ceeded Rich — (Davies} — Davies  was  not  aware  that 
Hallam  was  engaged  at  D.  L.  in  1742-1743. 

14.  Mrs.  Hallam's  bt.  Macbeth  =  Del ane  :  Mac- 
duff  =  Ryan  :  King  =  Bridge  water :  Malcolm  =  A. 
Hallam  :  Ban  quo  =  Walker  :  Lennox  =  Stephens  : 
Hecate  =  Rosco  :  1st  Murderer  =  Hippisley  :  Lady 
Macbeth  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Lady  Macduff  =  Mrs. 
Stevens. 

17.  For  bt.    of   Mrs.    Bellamy,   Rosco    and    A. 
Ryan.      Spanish  Fryar.      Dominic  =  Bridgewater : 
Gomez  —  Hippisley :  Torrismond  =  Delane  :  Lorenzo 
—  Ryan:  Queen  =  Mrs.   Hallam:    Elvira  =  Mrs* 
Bellamy. 

18.  For  bt.   of  Mrs.   Kilby   and   Mrs.  Vincent. 
Rover.     Willrnore  —  Ryan  :  Ned  Blunt  =  Chapman  : 
B  el  ville  =  Walker:  Frederick = Bridge  water  :  Hellena 
=  Mrs.  Vincent :  Angellica  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Florinda 
=  Mrs.   Bellamy  :    Lucetta  =  Mrs.    Kilby  : — with, 


560  c.  G.  1737-1738. 

never  acted  there,  Beggar's  Wedding  in  one  act. 
Harry  Hunter  =  Mrs.  Kilby  :  Phoebe  =  Mrs.  Vincent. 

19.  Stephen's  bt.  Mourning  Bride.  Osmyn^ 
Delane  :  King  —  Stephens  (Walker  acted  the  part  in 
Jan.)  :  Gonzalez  =  Bridgewater :  Zara  =  Mrs.  Hal- 
lam  :  Almeria  =  Mrs.  Hortori. 

22.  Salway's  bt.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  = 
Ryan  :  Brazen  =  Chapman  :  Balance  =  Bridgewater : 
Kite  =  Rosco:  Bullock  =  Mullart :  Worthy  =  Hal- 
lam  :  Recruits  =  Hippisley  and  James  :  Sylvia  =  Mrs. 
Vincent:  Melinda  =  Mrs.  Ware  :  Rose  =  Miss  Bru- 
nette :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Kilby. 

24.  Oronooko.     Oronooko  =  Delane  :  Aboan  = 
Stephens  :  Capt.  Driver  =  Rosco  :  Daniel  =  Pinketh- 
man  :  Imoinda  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Widow  Lackit  =  Mrs. 
Mullart :    Chariot  Welldon  =  Mrs.  Stevens  :  with, 
never  performed  there,  Lucky  Discovery,  or  the  Tan- 
ner of  York.      Squire  Modish  =  Salway :  Bark  = 
Rosco :  Simon   (a  drunken  servant)  =  Hippisley  : 
Mrs.  Bark  =  Miss  Bincks  :  (thus  the  name  stands  in 
the  Farce  as  printed,  but  Miss  Bincks  was  certainly 
at   this  time   Mrs.  Vincent)    Mrs.  Modish  =  Mrs. 
Kilby  : — this  is  a  Ballad  Opera  in  one  act — as  such 
it  is  not  bad — Modish  makes  love  to  Mrs.   Bark, 
who  pretends  to  comply  with  his  desires,  but  places 
Mrs.  Modish  in  her  bed  instead  of  herself — Modish 
is  frightened,  and  Bark  goes  to  the  bed  where  Mrs. 
Modish  is — she  Luckily  Discovers  the  mistake  before 
any  mischief  ensues this  Farce  was  printed  with- 
out the  author's  name,  but  was  claimed  by  Arthur  at 
his  benefit  C.  G.  April  5  1756. 

25.  For  bt.  of  James  and  Pinkethman — not  acted 
4  years — Pilgrim.      Pedro  =  Ryan  :    Alphonso  - 


c.  G.  1737-1738.  661 

James :  Roderigo  =  Bridgewater :  Mad  Welchman  = 
Yates  :  Alinda  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Juletta  =  Mrs. 
Stevens. 

28.  For  bt.  of  Neale  and  Sheppard.  Relapse. 
Lord  Foppington=:Neale  :  Loveless  =  Ryan :  Young 
Fashion  —  Walker :  Worthy  =  Delane  :  Sir  Tunbelly 
Clumsey  =  Mullart :  Coupler  =  Hippisley  :  Lory  = 
Chapman  :  Berinthia  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Amanda  = 
Mrs.  Hallam  :  Miss  Hoyden  =  Mrs.  Vincent. 

May  8.  Rich  advertises  that  as  Julius  Caesar  was 
acted  atD.  L.  towards  raising  a  fund  for  a  monument 
to  Shakspeare,  so  he  will  give  a  play  (or  more  if  oc- 
casion should  require)  early  in  a  good  part  of  the 
ensuing  season. 

18.  For  bt.  of  Yates,  Mrs.  Elmy,  and  two  others. 
Old  Batchelor.  Heartwell  =  Bridgewater :  Fondle- 
wife  =  Hippisley :  Bellmour  —  Walker  :  Sir  Joseph 
Wittol  =  Yates  :  Noll  Bluff  =  Mullart :  Vamlove  = 
Ryan  :  Setter  =  Chapman  :  Sharper  =  Hale  :  La3titia 
=  Mrs.  Horton  :  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  :  Araminta 
=  Mrs.  Elmy :  Silvia  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Mullart : — with  Beggar's  Wedding.  Justice  —  Rosco  : 
Chauntem  Mullart :  Tippet  =  Mrs.  Mullart. 

There  are  no  more  bills  till  June  27th,  when  the 
Summer  Company  seems  to  have  begun  to  act. 

June  27.  Othello.  Othello  =  Stephens  :  lago  = 
A.  Hallam  :  Roderigo  =  Pinkethman  :  Desdemona  r= 
Mrs.  Vincent : — the  Company  will  act  every  Tuesday 
and  Friday. 

Aug.  1.  Never  acted,  Marina — a  play  in  3  acts 
taken  from  Pericles.  Pericles  (King  of  Tyre)  = 
Stephens  :  Bolt  =  Pinkethman  :  Lysimachus  (gover- 
nour  of  Ephesus)  =  Hallam  :  Leonine  =  Stevens  : 

VOL.  nr.  o  o 


562  c.  G.   1737-1738. 

Valdes  =  Bowman  :  Marina  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Philoten 
(Queen  of  Tharsusj  =  Mrs.  Hamilton  :  Thaisa 
(Queen  of  Tyre)  =  Mrs.  Marshall :  Mother  Coupler 
=rMr.  W.  Hallam  : — acted  3  times — Pericles  Prince 
of  Tyre  is  omitted  by  Johnson  and  Steevens  in  their 
edition  of  Shakspeare — it  is  printed  by  Malone  in  his 
Supplement. 

Act  1.  Antiochus,  King  of  Antioch,  had  proposed 
a  riddle  to  each  of  his  daughter's  suitors,  on  this 
condition,  that  if  he  could  find  the  solution  of  it,  he 
should  have  the  Princess  for  his  wife — if  he  could 
not,  he  should  be  put  to  death — several  persons  had 
lost  their  lives  in  that  manner — Antiochus  proposes 
the  riddle  to  Pericles — Pericles  sees  that  the  riddle 
points  at  the  incestuous  commerce  between  Antiochus 
and  his  daughter — of  this  he  gives  a  hint,  but  does 
not  think  it  prudent  to  speak  out — Antiochus,  under 
a  show  of  courtesy,  allows  Pericles  40  days  to  find 
the  solution  of  the  riddle — but  secretly  employs  a 
person  to  murder  him — Pericles  effects  his  escape — 
he  fears  that  Antiochus  will  make  war  on  him — he 
commits  the  government  of  Tyre  to  Helicanus,  and 
sets  off  for  Tharsus — on  his  arrival  at  that  city,  he 
finds  the  inhabitants  reduced  to  famine — he  supplies 
their  wants  by  the  corn  which  he  has  in  his  ships — 
Cleon,  the  governour  of  Tharsus,  and  the  rest  of  the 
inhabitants  make  professions  of  gratitude. 

Act  2.  Pericles  is  shipwrecked — he  is  thrown  on 
shore  at  no  great  distance  from  a  city,  to  which  the 
author  has  given  the  name  of  Pentapolis — he  marries 
Thaisa,  the  King's  daughter. 

Act  3.  Pericles  and  Thaisa  set  off  for  Tyre — on 
their  voyage  a  storm  arises — Thaisa  is  brought  to 


c.  G.  1737-1738.  563 

bed  of  a  daughter — she  becomes  apparently  dead— 
the  sailors  insist  that  the  corpse  should  be  thrown 
overboard — Pericles,  after  depositing  Thaisa  in  a 
trunk  prepared  for  that  purpose,  complies  with  their 
demand — the  trunk  is  carried  by  the  waves  to  Ephesus 
— when  it  is  opened,  Cerimon,  who  has  great  skill  in 
physic,  restores  Thaisa  to  life — Pericles  arrives  at 
Tharsus — he  commits  his  daughter  to  the  care  of 
Dionyza,  the  wife  of  Cleon — he  had  given  her  the 
name  of  Marina  as  she  was  born  at  sea. 

Act  4.  About  14  years  are  supposed  to  pass  between 
the  3d  and  4th  acts — Marina  is  become  a  woman — 
by  her  beauty  and  accomplishments  she  so  far  out- 
shines Philoten,  the  daughter  of  Dionyza,  that  Di- 
onyza is  struck  with  envy — she  engages  Leonine  to 
murder  Marina— just  as  he  is  about  to  do  so,  Valdes 
and  other  Pirates  enter — they  carry  off  Marina — 
Leonine  runs  away — he  determines  to  tell  Dionyza 
that  Marina  is  murdered — Dionyza  poisons  Leonine 
— Marina  is  sold  to  a  Pander  and  his  wife  at  Mitylene 
— Boult,  their  servant,  offers  Marina  for  prostitution 
to  the  best  bidder — the  scene  changes  to  Tharsus— 
Cleon  and  Dionyza  enter  discoursing  about  the  mur- 
der of  Marina— 

Dion.  Why,  are  you  foolish  ?  Can  it  be  undone  ? 

Cleon.  O  Dionyza,  such  a  piece  of  slaughter 
The  sun  and  moon  ne'er  look'd  upon  ! 

Dion.  I  think  you'll  turn  a  child  again. 

Cleon.  Were  I  chief  lord  of  all  this  spacious  world 
I'd  give  it  to  undo  the  deed. 
*       *       *       *  O  villain  Leonine, 

Whom  thou  hast  poison'd  too  ! 

o  o  2 


564  c.  G.  1737-1738. 

What  canst  thou  say, 
When  Noble  Pericles  shall  demand  his  child  ? 

Dion.  That  she  is  dead.  Nurses  are  not  the  fates. 
She  died  at  night ;  I'll  say  so.     Who  can  cross  it  ? 
Unless  you  play  the  impious  innocent, 
Arid  for  an  honest  attribute,  cry  out, 
She  died  by  foul  play. 

Cleon.  O,  go  to.     Well,  well, 
Of  all  the  faults  beneath  the  heavens,  the  gods 
Do  like  this  worst. 

Dion.  Be  one  of  those  that  think 
The  pretty  wrens  of  Tharsus  will  fly  hence, 
And  open  this  to  Pericles.     I  do  shame 
To  think  of  what  a  noble  strain  you  are, 
And  of  how  coward  a  spirit. 
Cleon.  To  such  proceeding 
Who  ever  but  his  approbation  added, 
Though  not  his  pre-consent,  he  did  not  flow 
From  honourable  courses. 

Dion.  Be  it  so  then  : 

Yet  none  doth  know,  but  you,  how  she  came  dead, 
Nor  none  can  know,  Leonine  being  gone. 
She  did  disdain  my  child,  and  stood  between 
Her  and  her  fortunes  :  none  would  look  on  her 
But  cast  their  gazes  on  Marina's  face  ; 
Whilst  ours  was  blurted  at,  and  held  a  malkin 
Not  worth  the  time  of  day.     It  pierc'd  me  thorough ; 
And  though  you  call  my  course  unnatural, 
You  not  your  child  well  loving,  yet  I  find, 
It  greets  me,  as  an  enterprize  of  kindness, 
Perform'd  to  your  sole  daughter. 
Cleon.  Heavens  forgive  it ! 
Dion.  And  as  for  Pericles, 


c.  G.   1737-1738.  565 

What  should  he  say  ?     We  wept  after  her  hearse, 

And  even  yet  we  mourn  :  her  monument 

Is  almost  finish'd,  and  her  epitaphs 

In  glittering  golden  characters  express 

A  general  praise  to  her,  and  care  in  us 

At  whose  expence  'tis  done. 

Dionyza  in  this  scene,  and  in  the  former  scene  with 
Leonine,  strongly  reminds  us  of  Lady  Macbeth — 
Pericles  enters — Cleon  shows  him  the  tomb  of 
Marina — Pericles  makes  lamentation — this  passes  in 
dumb  show— the  scene  changes  to  the  brothel 
— the  Pander's  wife  and  Boult  are  very  angry 
with  Marina  for  being  chaste — Lysimachus,  the 
governour  of  Mitylene,  enters  in  disguise — Marina 
dissuades  him  from  his  purpose,  as  she  had  done 
others — she  with  difficulty  prevails  on  Boult  to 
let  her  get  her  living  in  an  honest  way. 

Act  5.  The  scene  lies  on  board  Pericles'  ship  off 
Mitylene — Lysimachus  wishes  to  see  Pericles — He- 
licanus  tells  him,  Pericles  is  so  inconsolable  for  the 
loss  of  his  daughter,  that  he  has  not  spoken  for  3 
months — Lysimachus  sends  for  Marina,  in  the  hope 
that  by  her  attractions  she  may  rouse  Pericles — a 
conversation  ensues  between  them — Pericles  dis- 
covers her  to  be  his  daughter — he  falls  asleep— 
Diana  appears  as  in  a  vision,  and  enjoins  him  to  go 
to  Ephesus — he  does  so,  and  there  finds  Thaisa— 

Lysimachus    marries    Marina Malone  supposes 

the  whole  of  Pericles  to  have  been  written  by  Shak- 
speare,  and  to  have  been  one  of  his  first  compositions 
— Steevens  concludes  that  it  was  the  work  of  some 


566  c.  G.   1737-1738. 

friend  of  Shakspeare,  and  improved  by  him  in  many 
parts  of  the  dialogue ;  particularly  in  the  last  act. 

Pericles  was  originally  very  successful — the  Pro- 
logue to  the  Hog  hath  lost  his  pearl  concludes  thus— 

"  And,  if  it  prove  so  happy  as  to  please, 
"  We'll  say  'tis  fortunate,  like  Pericles." 

Pericles  was  probably  successful,  when  revived  by 
Rhodes'  company  about  the  time  of  the  Restoration— 
Downes  mentions  Pericles  as  one  of  Betterton's  best 
parts. 

Marina.  Act  1.  Lillo  begins  with  Shakspeare's 
4th  act — he  changes  Dionyza  to  her  daughter  Philoten 
— and  represents  Leonine  as  a  young  lord,  instead 
of  a  servant — Marina  is  judiciously  brought  by  the 
Pirates  to  Ephesus  instead  of  Mitylene — some  other 
alterations,  and  some  additions  are  made — but  this 
act  does  not  differ  materially  from  Shakspeare. 

Act  2  begins  with  a  long  scene  by  Lillo — the  dumb 
show  of  Shakspeare,  when  Pericles  enters,  is  turned 
into  dialogue — which  is  an  improvement — Philoten 
poisons  Leonine — he  stabs  her — the  remainder  of 
the  act,  when  the  scene  changes  to  the  brothel,  is 
judiciously  altered. 

Act  3  begin  sjvvith  a  good  comic  scene,  and  a  dull 
serious  one,  both  by  Lillo — as  the  last  act  of  the 
original  play  must  have  been  very  awkward  in  repre- 
sentation, Lillo  very  properly  concludes  his  play  in 
the  Temple  of  Diana  at  Ephesus — Pericles  enters— 
Thaisa  is  present,  when  he  discovers  Marina  to  be 
his  daughter — Diana  is  of  course  left  out. 

The  first  3  acts  of  the  original  play  being  omitted, 
considerable    additions    were     necessary — some    of 


c.  G.  1737-1738.  .567 

which  do  Lillo  credit,  others  are  indifferent — his 
great  fault  is  his  omission  of  the  scene  between 
Cleon  and  Dionyza,  which  might  have  been  retained 
without  much  difficulty — there  is  a  very  indecent 
joke  in  the  Original,  this  Lillo  spoils  by  changing 
rose  to  flower ;  it  would  have  been  better  to  have 
omitted  the  joke  entirely  than  to  have  spoilt  it — on 
the  whole  this  alteration  is  a  good  one — Lillo  should 
have  given  Mother  Coupler  a  Grecian  name. 

Aug.  22.  Never  acted — for  the  benefit  of  the  au- 
thor— Amasis,  King  of  ^Egypt — the  principal  parts 
to  be  performed  by  Stephens — Hallam — Roberts -r- 
Stevens  and  Mrs.  Vincent — at  the  bottom  of  the  bill, 
the  2d  edition  of  the  Tragedy  is  advertised. 

30.  Amasis  2d  time. 

Herodotus  in  his  2d  and  3d  book  relates  the  real 
history  of  Amasis  and  Psammenitus,  but  the  plot  of 
this  play  is  entirely  fiction — Amasis  and  Psamme- 
nitus are  both  in  love  with  Miriaria — Amasis,  not 
knowing  that  his  son,  Psammenitus  is  privately  mar- 
ried to  her,  gets  into  her  chamber,  and  supplies  his 
place — in  this  respect  the  plot  has  a  considerable  re- 
semblance to  that  of  the  Orphan — at  the  conclusion, 
Amasis  dies  of  remorse — TVIiriana  dies  mad — Psam- 
menitus attempts  to  kill  himself,  but  is  prevented  by 
his  friends — there  is  an  underplot — Mardian,  the 
nephew  of  the  King,  is  a  villain  who  aspires  to  the 
crown — he  gives  Amasis  a  hint  that  Miriana  expected 
Psammenitus,  but  takes  care  to  conceal  from  him 
that  they  were  married — Amasis  discovers  Mardian's 
treachery,  arid  condemns  him  to  death — this  T.  was 
written  by  Marsh — it  is  a  poor  play,  but  not  a  very 


568  HAY.  1738. 

bad   one — the    Egyptians  talk  of  ^Etna,    Vesuvius, 
Cupid,  &c.     (Bills  from  Mr.  Field's  collection.) 

The  account  of  this  season  in  the  B.  M.  is  very 
defective — two  of  the  compiler's  loose  papers  are  in 
the  wrong  place,  and  bound  with  their  heads  down- 
wards. 


HAY.  1738. 

Oct.  9-  By  Authority — by  the  French  Company 
of  Comedians — L'Embaras  de  Richesses. 

Soon  after  the  Licensing  Act,  it  was  resolved  to 
bring  a  set  of  players  from  abroad  and  place  them 
on  this  stage,  from  whence  our  own  had  been  just 
expelled — but  when  the  bill  appeared  for  the  first 
performance  of  these  French  actors,  with  the  word 
Authority  placed  at  the  top,  the  public  were  stung  to 
the  quick  and  thought  themselves  concerned  to  re- 
sent the  insult  put  on  them  by  the  Lord  Chamber- 
lain. (Gent's  Mag.  Oct.  1738.) 

Victor  gives  a  good  account  of  the  riot  which 
ensued — the  public  very  properly  would  not  suffer 
the  French  players  to  perform,  at  a  time,  when 
several  poor  English  players  had  been  deprived  of 
their  livelihood,  by  the  late  Act  of  Parliament,  and 
were  in  gaol  for  debt — unfortunately  the  indignation 


D.  L.   1738-1739.  569 

of  the  public  could  not  reach  the  Lord  Chamberlain, 
and  the  French  actors  suffered  for  sins  not  their 
own.  ( Victor.} 

Plague  of  Riches  was  translated  by  Ozell  in  1735 
— it  is  a  good  C.  in  3  acts — it  is  printed  with  one 
page  in  French  and  the  other  in  English — the  title- 
page  says  that  it  was  acted  in  London  in  French — it 

was  of  course  the  play  on  the  night  of  the  riot 

Arlequin  is  a  merry  gardener,  who  is  in  love  with 
Cloe — she  is  in  love  with  him — Plutus  gives  Arlequin 
a  treasure — he  loses  his  gaiety — quarrels  with  Cloe, 
and  is  at  last  so  uncomfortable  that  he  returns  the 
treasure  to  Plutus — he  then  reconciles  himself  to 
Cloe,  and  is  once  more  happy — Arlequin's  perpetual 
anxiety  about  his  treasure,  and  his  suspicion,  that 
Chrysantes  offers  him  his  daughter,  in  consequence 
of  having  somehow  or  other  found  out  that  he  is 
possessed  of  a  treasure,  are  borrowed  (with  some 
alteration)  from  the  Aulularia  of  Plautus — the  French 
author  lays  his  scene  at  Athens — but  he  has  given  to 
some  of  his  principal  characters  names  not  suitable 
to  that  supposition. 


D.  L.  1738-1739. 

Sep.  7.  Hamlet  and  Virgin  Unmasked.' 
9.    Relapse.     Lord  Foppington  =   Gibber  Jun. 
Lory  =  Macklin. 


570  D.  L.   1738-1739. 

12.  Cato.     Marcia  =  Mrs.  Giffard. 

14.  Henry  4th  part  1st.  Glendower  =  Gibber  Jun. : 
Worcester  =  Havard  :  Douglas  =  Furnival :  2d  Car- 
rier —  Harper  : — rest  as  before. 

16.  Henry  4th  part  2d.  Silence  —  Harper  :  Hos- 
tess  =  Mrs.  Cross:  Doll  Tearsheet^ Miss  Mann: — 
rest  as  before — Mil  ward  was  very  superiour  to  Mills, 
whom  he  succeeded  in  the  part  of  the  King — in  the 
pathetic  scene  between  him  and  the  Prince,  his  coun- 
tenance was  finely  expressive  of  grief,  and  the  plain- 
tive tones  of  his  voice  were  admirably  adapted  to  the 
character.  (Davits.) 

21.  Julius  Csesar.     2d  Citizen  =  Macklin. 

23.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Sir 
Francis  Gripe  =  Griffin  :  Sir  George  Airy  =  Mills: 
Whisper^; Macklin  :  Miranda  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Patch 
=  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

26.  Othello.     Roderigo  =  Gibber  Jun. 

28.  Strategem.  Scrub  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Foigardiz 
Macklin. 

30.  Richard  the  3d.  Richmond  =  Gibber  Jun. : 
Dutchess  of  York  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

Oct.  3.  Not  acted  20  years,  Drummer.  Tinsel 
=  Gibber  Jun. :  Vellum  =  Johnson  :  Sir  George 
Truman  =.  Mills  :  Fantome  =  Wright :  Gardener  = 
Griffin  :  Butler  =  Macklin  :  Abigail  =  Mrs.  Roberts : 
Lady  Truman  =  Mrs.  Butler: — N.B.  the  audience 
having  lately  been  much  disgusted  at  the  perform- 
ance being  interrupted  by  persons  -crowding  on  the 
stage,  it  is  humbly  hoped,  none  will  take  it  ill  that 
they  cannot  be  admitted  behind  the  scenes  in  future 
— acted  3  times. 

12.    Not  acted  20  years,  Lady  Jane  Gray.     Lord 


D.  L.   1738-1739.  571 

Guilford  Dudley  =  Milward :  Pembroke  =  Quin  : 
Bishop  of  Winchester  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Northumber- 
land =  Wright :  Suffolk  =  Havard  :  Lady  Jane  Gray 
=  Mrs.  Giffard :  Duchess  of  Suffolk  =  Mrs.  Furnival : 
—acted  about  4  times. 

13.  Henry  4th  part  2d.  Justice  Shallow  =  Gibber 
Sen. 

17.  Old  Batchelor.  Sir  Joseph  Wittol  =  Cibber 
Jun.:  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

19.  Orphan.     Monimia  — Mrs.  Giffard. 

21.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Milward  :  Copper 
Captain  =  Mills  :  Cacafogo  =  Harper  :  Duke  =  Ha- 
vard: Estifania  =  Mrs.  Clive:  Margarita  =  Mrs.  But- 
ler :  Old  Woman  =  Mr.  Griffin. 

24.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Cibber 
Sen.  :  Mademoiselle  =  Mrs.  Chetwood. 

26.  Spanish  Fryar.     Dominic  =  Quin. 

27.  Committee.      Teague  =  Macklin  :     Abel  = 
Woodward. 

30.  Unhappy  Favourite.  Essex  —  Milward  :  South- 
ampton =  Mills  :  Burleigh  =  Havard  :    Queen  —  Mrs. 
Butler  :    Rutland  =  Mrs.  Mills :    Nottingham  =  Mrs. 
Roberts. 

31.  Venice  Preserved.     Priuli  =  Boman:  Belvi- 
dera  =  Mrs.  Giffard. 

Nov.  1.  Mourning  Bride 2.  Miser. 

3.  Love  for  Love.     Sir  Sampson  Legend  =  Shep- 
herd 1st  appearance  these  2  years  :  Ben  =  Macklin  : 
Jeremy  =  Woodward. 

4.  Tamerlane.      Tamerlane  =  Quin  :    Bajazet  = 
Milward:  Moneses  =  Wright :   Arpasia  =  Mrs.   Ro- 
berts. 

8.  J3sop.  Sir  Polidorus  Hogstye^  Macklin. 


572  D.L.   1738-1739. 

9.  Oronooko.  Aboan  =  Wright :  Daniel  =  Wood- 
ward. 

11.  Confederacy.  Dick  =  Havard ;  Gripe  =  Tur- 
butt :  Corinna  =  Mrs.  Chetwood :  Araminta  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard. 

13.  Othello.     Roderigo  =  Woodward. 

14.  (15  and  16)    Not  acted  12  years,   She  wou'd 
and  she  wou'd  not.      Trappanti  —  Macklin :    Don 
Manuel  =  Griffin  :  Don  Philip  =  Wright :   Octavio  = 
Mills :  Soto  =  Woodward :  Hypolita  =  Mrs.  Furnival  : 
Flora  =  Mrs.  Grace :    Viletta  —  Mrs.  Clive :   Rosara 
=  Mrs.  Mills. 

17.  Henry  4th  part  1st.     2d  Carrier  =  Woodward. 

18.  Twin  Rivals.     Teague  =  Macklin.   Mrs.  Mid- 
night =  Mr.  Turbutt. 

20.  Henry  8th. 

21.  Quin  acted  Sir  John  Brute. 

25.  Tender  Husband.  Capt.  Clerimont  =  Mills  : 
Sir  Harry  Gubbin  =  Turbutt :  Numps  =  Macklin : 
Tipkin  =  Griffin  :  Pounce  =  Shepherd  :  Biddy  Tip- 
kin  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Mrs.  Clerimout  =  Mrs.  Furnival : 
Fainlove  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

27.  Strategem.  Scrub  =  Griffin :  Boniface  = 
Shepherd. 

29.  Julius  Caesar.     Antony  =  Wright :    Cassius  = 
Milward. 

30.  Not  acted  16  years,  Pilgrim.     Pedro  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Alphonso  =.  Johnson :  Roderigo  =  Quin :  Mad 
Taylor  =  Woodward:  Mad  Welchman  =  Macklin  : 
Alinda  =  Mrs.  Mills:    Juletta  =  Mrs.  Pritchard:— 
acted  about  6  times. 

Dec.  6.  Siege  of  Damascus.  Eudocia  =  Mrs. 
Giffard. 


D.  L.   1738-1739.  573 

9.  Not  acted  6  years,  Tunbridge  Walks.  Reynard 
=  Milward  :  Woodcock  =  Shepherd  :  Squib  =  Mack- 
lin  :  Maiden  —  Woodward  :  Loveworth  =  Mills :  Hil- 
laria  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Belinda  =  Mrs.  Mills. 

12.  Julius  Caesar.     4th  Citizen  =  Woodward. 

14.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Miller  Widow  to  the  late  Jo. 
Miller,  Comedian.  Hamlet. 

20.  Beggar's  Opera.     Lockit  =  Turbutt. 

26.  Way  of  the  World.  Sir  Wilful  Witwou'd  = 
Turbutt :  Waitwell  =  Shepherd  :  Millamant  —  Mrs. 
Mills. 

28.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  =  Macklin  :  Whisper  = 
Woodward. 

Jan.  1.  Macbeth.  1st  Murderer  —  Turbutt : 
Witches  =  Macklin,  Griffin,  and  Shepherd: — rest  as 
before. 

2.  Shepherd  acted  the  Spanish  Fryar. 

3.  Not  acted  5  years,   Amphitryon.     Jupiter  — 
Milward:    Sosia  =  Turbutt:  Mercury  =  Shepherd: 
Amphitryon  =  Mills  :    Gripus  =  Griffin  :    Alcmena  = 
Mrs.  Butler :     Phaedra  =   Mrs.  Pritchard  : — acted 
about  4  times. 

8.  Double  Gallant.  Atall  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Sir  So- 
lomon Sadlife  =  Johnson  :  Careless  =  Mills:  Cleri- 
mont  =  Wright:  Capt.  Strut  =  Woodward  :  Finder 
=  Macklin  :  Lady  Sadlife  =  Mrs.  Clive :  Lady  Dainty 
=  Mrs.  Butler :  Clarinda  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Sylvia 
=  Mrs.  Mills  :  Wish  well  =  Mrs.  Grace. 

13.  Never  acted  there,  Bold  ^troke  for  a  Wife. 
Col.  Feignwell  =  Milward  :  Obediah  Prim  n  Griffin  : 
Periwinkle  =  Turbutt :  Sir  Philip  Modelove  —  Mack- 
lin :  Tradelove  =  Shepherd  :  Simon  Pure  =  Wood- 


574  D.  L.  1738-1739. 

ward :  Anne  Lovely  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Mrs.  Prim  =  Mrs. 
Grace : — acted  about  5  times. 

15.  Careless  Husband.     Lord  Foppington  —  Gib- 
ber Jun. 

16.  Shepherd  acted  the  Miller  of  Mansfield. 

18.  Lottery.     Jack  Stocks  —  Gibber  Jun. :  Cloe  = 
Mrs.  Clive. 

22.  Love's  last  Shift.    Sly  =  Woodward  :  Amanda 
=  Mrs.  Butler. 

26.  Silent   Woman.      Sir   Amorous  la    Fooler 
Woodward  :  Otter  —  Shepherd. 

31.  Richard  3d.     Richard  =  Gibber   Sen.,  his   1st 

appearance  in  that   character   these  7   years  : 

Colley  Gibber,  on  his  return  to  the  stage,  was  right 
in  all  his  comic  characters,  but  in  Richard  the  3d  he 
perceived  his  mistake,  his  usual  strength  and  spirit 
failed  him  most  unhappily  ;  Victor  went  behind  the 
scenes  in  the  3d  Act,  and  asked  him  how  he  found 
himself?  Gibber  whispered  him  that  he  would  give 
50  guineas  to  be  then  sitting  in  his  easy  chair  by  his 
own  fire  side.  (  Victor.) 

Feb.  1.  Conscious  Lovers.     Isabella  =  Mrs.  Prit- 
chard. 

6.  Man  of  the  Mode.  Sir  Fopling  Flutter  = 
Gibber  Sen. :  Old  Bellair  =  Shepherd  :  Shoemaker  = 
Woodward:  Mrs.  Loveit=Mrs.  Clive:  Harriet  = 
Mrs.  Mills  :  Emilia  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Belinda  =  Mrs. 
Chetwood  :  Orange-woman  =  Mr.  Turbutt : — rest 
as  before. 

12.  Gibber  Jun.  acted  Sir  Fopling  Flutter. 

13.  Never  acted,  Mustapha,  by  Mallet.     Solyman 
(Emperor  of  the  Turks)  :=  Quin  :  Mustapha  (his  son 


D.  L.  1738-1739.  575 

but  not  by  Roxalaria)  =  Milward  :    Zanger  (his  son 
by  Roxal ana)  =  Wright:    Rustan  (Grand  Vizier)  = 
Mills:  Achmet  =  Havard  :  Roxalaria  (wife  to  Soly- 
man)  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Emira  (wife  to  Mustapha,  and 
daughter  to  the  Sophy  of  Persia)  =  Mrs.  Giffard  :— 
Robertson  in  his  History  of  Charles  the  5th  (vol.  4. 
p.  142)  says,  that  Roxalana  concluding  that  Musta- 
pha, on  his  accession  to  the  throne,  would  put  her 
sons  to  death,  according  to  the  barbarous  jealousy 
of  Turkish  policy,  became  his  inveterate  enemy — 
Rustan  had  married  her  only  daughter — by  the  arti- 
fices of  Roxalaria  arid  Rustan,  the  heart  of  Solyman 
was  alienated  from  Mustapha — Mustapha  was  sum- 
moned to  repair  immediately  to  his  father's  presence 
— he   was  no  stranger  to   the  machinations  of  his 
enemies,  yet,  relying  on  his  innocence,  he  obeyed  the 
summons — in  a  few  minutes  after  he  had  entered 
the  Sultan's  tent,  the  mutes  rushed  forward  to  seize 
him — he  resisted  and  struggled,  demanding  with  the 
utmost  eagerness  to  see  his  father — Solyman  drew 
aside  the  curtain  which  divided  the  tent,  and  thrust- 
ing in  his  head,  darted  a  fierce   look   towards   the 
mutes,  and  with  wild  and  threatening  gestures  seemed 
to  chide  them  for  sloth  and  timidity — at  the  sight  of 
his   father's   furious  and  unrelenting  countenance, 
Mustapha's  strength  failed,  and  in  a  few  moments  an 

end  was  put  to  his  life In  Lord  Orrery's  play  on 

this  subject  (see  L.  I.  F.  1665)  six  speeches  pass 
between  Solyman  and  Mustapha — in  Mallet's  play 
there  are  two  scenes  between  them — both  these 
authors  make  Solyman,  at  the  conclusion  of  their 
Tragedies,  convinced  of  Mustapha's  innocence— of 
this  Robertson  does  not  say  a  syllable — he  has  pro- 


576  D.  L.  1738-1739. 

bably  not  concluded  the  story — Lord  Orrery  and 
Mallet  represent  Mustapha  and  Zanger  as  sworn 
friends — this  circumstance  has  every  appearance  of 
being  fiction — Mallet  seems  to  have  borrowed  the 

character  of  Zanger  from  Lord  Orrery Mallet's 

play  had  a  run  of  about  14  nights — it  is  not  badly 
written  ;  but  unluckily  the  last  act  is  by  no  means 
the  best — Rustan's  voluntary  confession  of  guilt  is 
unnatural,  and  Roxalana's  conduct  seems  inconsis- 
tent— Lord  Orrery  manages  this  much  better  by 
making  Zanger  undeceive  his  father  and  convince 
him  of  Mustapha's  innocence — Dodsley  in  the  pre- 
face to  Lord  Orrery's  works  says,  "  a  late  author  has 
"  made  his  play  (by  the  help  of  a  first  Minister  and 
"  some  other  lucky  incidents)  as  fashionable  now  as 

"  my  Lord  Orrery's  was  heretofore let  the  im- 

"  partial  reader  distinguish  the  merit  of  each" — he 
might  have  added,  that  Mallet's  play  was  more  cor- 
rect and  Lord  Orrery's  more  affecting. 

In  the  1st  act  Mallet  says "  Future  Sultans 

"  Have  shunned  the  Marriage  tie."* 

March  8.  Quin's  bt.  King  Lear.  Lear  =  Quin  : 
Edgar  =  Milward  :  Gloster  =  Wright :  Bastard  = 
Mills:  Kent^Winstone  :  Gentleman  Usher  =  Cib- 
ber  Jun. :  Albany  =  Havard  :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Mills  : 
Goneril  =  Mrs.  Furnival. 

13.  Mrs.  dive's  bt.  Not  acted  10  years,  Lady's  last 
Stake.  Lord  Wronglove  =  Mills  :  Lord  George 
Brilli ant  =  Gibber  Jun.:  Sir  Friendly  Moral  =  Mil 


*  Blair's  Sermons  Vol.  5th  Edition  3d.  p.  224 — in  future  periods 
the  light  dawned  more  and  more.  , 


D.  L.   1738-1739.  577 

ward:  1st  Bully  =  Woodward  :  Lady  Wronglove  = 
Mrs.  Butler :  Miss  Notable  =  Mrs.  Clive :  Mrs. 
Conquest  =  Mrs.  Pritcliard  :  Lady  Gentle  =  Mrs. 
Mills  : — with  Devil  to  Pay. 

17.  Mil  ward's  bt.  Not  acted  7  years,  Jane  Shore. 
Hastings  =  Milward :  Dumont  =  Mills  :  Gloster  = 
Quin  :  Belmour  =D Wright:  Jane  Shore = Mrs.  But- 
ler :  Alicia  =  Mrs.  Roberts. 

19-  Love  makes  a  Man.  Clodio  =  Woodward  : 
Don  Choleric  =  Macklin. 

20.  Johnson's  bt.  Alchemist.  Sir  Epicure  Mam- 
mon —  Shepherd. 

22.  Mrs.  Giffard's  bt.  Constant  Couple.  Sir 
Harry  Wildair  r=  GifFard,  his  1st  appearance  on  this 
stage  for  12  years :  Col.  Standard  =  Havard  :  Beau 
Clincher  =  Macklin  :  Clincher  Jun.  =  Woodward  : 
Smuggler  =  Johnson :  Lady  Lurewell  =  Mrs. 
Giffard. 

27.  Griffin's  bt.  Provoked  Husband.  Count  Bas- 
set =  Woodward  :  Squire  Richard  =  Cross  :  John 
Moody  =  Macklin  :  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Butler: — 
rest  as  before. 

31.  Plain  Dealer.     Novels  Woodward. 

April  10.  Giffard's  bt.  Not  acted  12  years,  Incon- 
stant. Young  Mirabel  =  GifFard  :  Duretete  =  Wood- 
ward :  Old  Mirabel^ Macklin  :  Dugard  =  Havard  : 
Bisarre  =  Mrs.  GifFard:  OrianarzMrs.  Hamilton. 

12.  Love's  last  Shift.  Sir  Novelty  Fashion  = 
Woodward. 

25.  Macklin's  bt.  Man  of  Taste.  Sir  Humphrey 
Henpeck  =  Turbutt :  Col.  Cockade  —  Woodward  : 
Dorinda  =  Mrs.  Butler :  Dorothea  —  Mrs.  Bennett :  — 
rest  as  before. 

VOL.   III.  P   P 


578  D.X.   1738-1739. 

27.  Wright's  bt.  Henry  8th.     Anne  Bullen  =  Mrs. 
Mills  : — N.  B.  To  prevent  any  interruption  in  the 
performance  there   will   be   no  seats   built  on  the 
stage. 

28.  Mrs.    Pritchard's  bt.    Mother  in  Law.      Sir 
Credulous   Hippish  =  Griffin  :    Squire  Headpiece  = 
Woodward:  Dr.  Mummy  •=.  Johnson  :    Dr.  Diascor- 
dium  =  Taswell :  Poet  =  Macklin  :    Primrose  =  Mrs. 
Clive :  Lady  Hippish  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Agnes  =  Miss 

Cole  : — with   Harlot's   Progress Mrs.  Pritchard 

apologizes  for  not  acting  as  being  indisposed. 

30.  Mrs.  Roberts'  bt.  Not  acted  5  years,  Albion 
Queens.  Norfolk  =  Mills  :  Davison  =  Milward : 
Queen  Mary  =  Mrs.  Roberts :  Queen  Elizabeth  = 
Mrs.  Butler: — with,  not  acted  9  years,  Beggar's 
Wedding.  Harry  Hunter  (as  originally)  =  Mrs. 
Roberts  :  Phebe  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

May  1.  Woodward's  bt.  Country  Wife.  Horner  = 
Mills  :  Pinchwife  =  Quin  :  Sparkish  —  Woodward  : 
Harcourt  =  Wright :  Sir  Jasper  Fidget  =  Griffin: 
Country  Wife  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Alithea  =  Mrs.  Butler : 
Lady  Fidget  =  Mrs.  Furnival : — with  Harlequin  Ship- 
wrecked. Harlequin  =  Lun  Jim. 

2.  For  bt.  of  Essex.  Man  of  the  Mode.  Sir 
Fopling  Flutter  =  Macklin  : — with  Mars  and  Venus. 
Vulcan  =.  Essex. 

9.  Macklin  acted  Timothy  Peascod. 

12.  Old  Batchelor.  Sir  Joseph  Wittol  =  Wood- 
ward. 

15.  Double  Dealer.     B  risk  —  Woodward. 

18.  Twin  Rivals.  Younger  Wou'dbe  =  Sparks  : 
Teague:=Barrington,  both  from  Dublin  being  their 
1st  appearance  on  this  stage  :  Trueman  =  Havard. 


D.  L.   1738-1739.  579 

31.  Busy  Body — last  play. 

Bills  from  Mr.  Field's   Collection — the   MS.    in 
B.M.  contains  little  more  than  the  names  of  the  plays. 

Gustavus  Vasa  was  printed  in  1739.  Gustavus  = 
Quin  :  Arvida  (his  friend)  =  Milward  :  Christiern 
(King  of  Denmark  and  Usurper  of  Sweden)  = 
Wright :  Trollio  (Archbishop  of  Upsal,  and  Vice- 
gerent to  Christiern)  —  Cibber  Jun. :  Laertes  (attend- 
ant on  Christina)  =  Woodward :  Anderson  (a  Swedish 
nobleman)  =:  Mills :  Arnoldus  (a  Swedish  priest)  = 
Havard :  Peterson  =  Turbutt :  Christina  (daughter 
to  Christiern)  =  Mrs.  Giffard :  Augusta  (mother  to 
Gustavus)  =  Mrs.  Butler:  Gustava  (his  sister — a 
child)  =  Miss  Cole  :  Mariana  =  Mrs.  Chetwood  : — 
at  the  beginning  of  the  play  Gustavus  is  in  the  mines 
of  Dalecarlia  disguised  as  a  peasant — he  afterwards 
discloses  himself,  and  excites  the  Dalecarlians  to  fight 
for  the  liberty  of  their  country — Arvida  is  found  in 
the  Danish  camp,  and  sent  to  prison — Trollio  dis- 
covers that  he  is  in  love  with  Christina — he  falsely 
tells  him  that  Gustavus  had  offered  to  make  peace 
with  the  Danes  on  condition  of  marrying  Christina 
— Arvida  is  so  stung  with  jealousy,  that  he  agrees  to 
side  with  the  Danes — an  explanation  takes  place  be- 
tween Arvida  and  Gustavus — and  they  are  reconciled 
—at  the  conclusion  the  Danes  are  completely  defeated 
— Arvida  dies  of  his  wounds  —  Christina,  notwith- 
standing her  love  for  Gustavus,  determines  to  devote 
her  life  to  the  care  of  her  father — this  T.  was  written 
by  Brooke—  it  is  on  the  whole  a  good  play — for  the 
history  on  which  it  is  founded  see  Vertot's  Revolu- 
tion of  Sweden — all  the  important  characters  in  this 
T.  are  real  persons,  except  Christina— the  mother 

p  p  2 


580  D.  L.  1738-1739. 

and  sister  of  Gustavus  were  in  fact  murdered  in 
Denmark,  but  Brooke  in  making  them  two  of  his 
D.  P.  seems  to  have  used  no  more  than  a  fair  poeti- 
cal license — as  Vertot  mentions  Arvida  (Arwide)  as 
the  friend  of  Gustavus,  but  relates  few  particulars 
about  him,  it  is  probable  that  Brooke  borrowed  the 
thought  of  enlarging  his  character  from  Mrs.  Trotter's 
play — (see  Revolution  of  Sweden  Hay.  Feb.  7  1?06) 
— he  has  managed  this  however  in  a  different  and 
better  way — Brooke  has  supported  the  character  of 
Gustavus  in  a  masterly  manner — Mrs.  Trotter  has 
not  made  him  the  principal  part  in  her  play,  as  he 
undoubtedly  ought  to  have  been. 

After  Gustavus  Vasa  had  been  rehearsed  several 
times,  it  was  prohibited  by  the  Licenser — from  the 
nature  of  the  subject  there  is  a  good  deal  in  it  about 
liberty,  but  riot  any  thing  at  which  the  Court  could 
reasonably  take  offence — more  especially  when  it  is 
considered  that  the  House  of  Hanover  owes  its  situa- 
tion in  this  Country  to  Whig  principles — Gustavus 
Vasa  was  printed  by  subscription  at  5s.  a  copy- 
Victor  says,  he  was  intimately  acquainted  with  the 
author,  and  is  certain  that  he  cleared  above  £1000 
by  the  subscription ;  so  much  incensed  were  the 
public  at  this  first  instance  of  the  power  of  a  Licenser 
—Brooke  dedicated  his  play  to  the  Subscribers,  he 
says  "  However  singular  and  unprecedented  this 
"  treatment  may  appear,  had  I  conceived  it  to  be  the 
"  intention  of  the  legislature,  I  should  have  submitted 
"  without  complaining  ;  or  had  any,  among  hundreds 
"  who  have  perused  the  Manuscript,  observed  but  a 
"  single  line,  which  might  inadvertently  tend  to  sedi- 
"  tion  or  immorality,  I  would  then  have  been  the  first 


D.L.  1738-1739.  581 

"  to  strike  it  out ;  I  would  now  be  the  last  to  publish 
"  it — the  intention  of  the  statute  is  to  guard  against 
"  such  representations,  as  may  be  conceived  to  be  of 
"  pernicious  influence  in  the  commonwealth  ;  this  is 
"  the  only  point  to  which  the  prohibition  of  the  Lord 
"  Chamberlain  is  understood  to  extend,  and  his  pro- 
"  hibition  lays  me  under  the  necessity  of  publishing 
"  this  piece,  to  convince  the  public  that  (though  of 
"  no  valuable  consequence)  I  am  at  least  inoffensive 
"  — Patriotism  is  the  great  and  single  moral  which  I 
"  had  in  view  through  this  play,  this  is  personated  in 
"  the  character  of  Gustavus." 

Dr.  Johnson  under  the  mask  of  irony  published 
"  A  vindication  of  the  Licenser  from  the  malicious 
"  and  scandalous  aspersions  of  Mr.  Brooke." 
(Murphy.) 

This  play  was  acted  with  success  in  Ireland,  and 
once  at  C.  G.— Dec.  28th  1805. 

Boman  or  Eowman  acted  on  Oct.  31  and  perhaps 
later — his  death  is  thus  recorded  in  the  Scot's  Maga- 
zine for  March  1739—*'  Died  March  23  Mr.  Bowman 
"  of  D.  L.  aged  88 — he  was  the  oldest  actor,  singer, 
"  and  ringer  in  England "  —No  coquette  was  ever 
more  careful  to  conceal  her  age  than  he  was  :  to 
those  who  asked  him  how  old  he  was,  his  constant 
reply  was — "I  am  very  well"— a  little  before  his 
death  he  told  Chetwood,  that  he  never  remembered 
that  any  indisposition  had  hindered  him  from  doing 
his  duty  on  the  stage  during  his  whole  life  —  (Darics) 
— as  his  wife  had  been  brought  up  by  Betterton,  he 
probably  profited  by  that  great  actor's  instructions, 
and  by  his  interest  in  the  theatre. 

John  Harper  acted  the  beginning  of  this  season, 


582  D.  L.  1738-1739. 

but  he  had  a  paralytic  attack,  which  disabled  him 
from  appearing  on  the  stage  again,  tho*  he  lingered 
tillJan.  1742. 

The  last  character  he  acted,  is  said  to  have  been 
Jobson,  which  he  played  originally  and  in  which  he 
was  inimitable — he  was  a  jolly  facetious  low  Come- 
dian— his  voice  was  strong  and  musical,  well  adapted 
to  many  parts  in  ballad  Operas  and  Farces — he  was 
a  good  representative  of  country  gentlemen,  of  booby 
squires  and  foxhunters — he  acted  the  Old  Batchelor 
and  Henry  the  8th,  but  was  very  unfit  for  either  part, 
nor  did  he  do  justice  to  Sir  Epicure  Mammon. 
(  Victor  and  Davies.) 


Harper's  characters — selection  only. 

L.  I.  F.  1719-1720.  Teague  in  Committee— at 
his  benefit  he  introduced  a  comic  scene  mimicking  a 
Drunken  Man — this  was  before  Hippisley — Sancho 
in  Don  Quixote. 

1720-1721.  Dr.  Caius— Ajax  in  Troilus  and 
Cressida — Commodore  Flip  in  Fair  Quaker. 

D.  L.  1721-1722.  Sir  Epicure  Mammon  in  Al- 
chemist. 

1722-1723.  Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  1st— *Betty 
Kimbow  in  Strollers. 

1723-1724.     Old  Batchelor— Sosia. 

1724-1725.  Sir  Harry  Gubbin— Kate  Matchlock 
in  Funeral — Sir  William  Belfond  in  Squire  of  Alsatia 
—Sir  Wilful  Witwou'd. 


D.  L.  1738-1739.  583 

1725-1726.  Lory  in  Relapse — Mrs.  Midnight  in 
Twin  Rivals. 

1726-1727.     Leucippe  in  Humorous  Lieutenant. 

1728-1729.  Henry  8th  in  ditto  and  Virtue  Be- 
trayed— Sampson  in  Fatal  Marriage — *Sir  Nicholas 
Wiseacre  in  Village  Opera. 

1729-1730.     *  Haughty  in  Humours  of  Oxford. 

1730-1731.  *  Hearty  in  Jovial  Crew  as  an  Opera 
—Ben — Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  part  2d — Sir  Francis 
Gripe — Trincalo — Jacomo  in  Libertine — *Jobson  in 
Devil  to  Pay. 

1731-1732.  Ursula  in  Bartholomew  Fair— *Stocks 
in  Lottery — Sir  Joslin  Jolly  in  She  wou'd  if  She 
cou'd — C  acafogo. 

1732-1733.  *Lady  Termagant  in  Boarding  School. 

1734-1735.  Sir  Sampson  Legend — Lord  Mayor  in 
Richard  3d — Capt.  Driver  in  Oronooko — *Blister  in 
Virgin  Unmasked. 

1737-1738.  Roger  in  JEsop — Lockit — Gripe  in 
Confederacy — Capt.  Otter  in  Silent  Woman — Sir 
Tunbelly  Clumsey  in  Relapse  — Lolpoop  in  Squire  of 
Alsatia — Spanish  Fryar — Boniface — Mock  Clytus. 

1738-1739.    Justice  Silence  in  Henry  4th  part  2d. 

*   Originally. 

Harper  acted  Jobson  on  the  9th  of  Sep. — but 
Turbutt  played  the  part  on  the  llth  of  Oct. — Har- 
per's name  seems  to  have  been  in  the  bill  for  the  last 
time  on  Oct.  21,  as  Cacafogo. 

A  print  of  Harper  in  Jobson  was  published  in 
1739. 


584,  c.  G.  1738-1739. 


C.  G.   1738-1739. 

Sept.  27.  Provoked  Husband— 29.  All  for  Love. 
Oct.  2.     Recruiting  Officer.     Kite  =  Marten    1st 
appearance  there. 
9.  Love  makes  a  Man.    Angelina  =  Mrs.  Bellamy, 

20.  Double  Gallant.     Clerimont  =  Hale. 

21 .  King  Lear.     Lear  =  Delane  :   Edgar  =  Ryan  : 
Bastard  =  Walker :   Kent  =  Rosco  :  Gloster  =  Bridge- 
water  :    Albany  —  Hale  :    Gentleman  Usher  —  Pin- 
kethman  :  Cordelia  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

23.  Volpone  =  Delane :  Mosca  —  Ryan  :  Corbaccio 
—  Hippisley  :  Corvino  =:  Walker :  Voltore  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Sir  Politick  Wou'dbe  —  Neale :  Lady  Wou'd- 
be  =  Mrs.  Mullart :  Celia  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

26.  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not.  Trappanti  = 
Chapman:  Don  Manuel  =  H ippi sley  :  Don  Philip 
=  Ryan  :  Octavio  =  Walker :  Hypolita  =  Mrs.  Vin- 
cent. 

30.  London  Cuckolds.  Ramble  =  Ryan  :  Townly 
=  Walker  :  Wiseacre  =  Hippisley  :  Doodle  =  Mul- 
lart :  Dash  well  =  Neale  :  Loveday  =  Hallam  :  Euge- 
nia =  Mrs.  Templar  :  Peggy  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  the 
part  of  the  Lady  No  (Arabella)  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

Nov.  4.  Tamerlane  =  Delane:  Bajazet  =  Johnson: 
Moneses  =  Ryan :  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

9.  Not  acted  20  years,  Mithridates.  Mithridates  = 
Ryan:  Ziphares  — Delane  :  Pharnaces  =  Hale  :  Ar- 
chilaus  —  Bridgewater  :  Pelopidas  =  Stephens  :  Se- 
niandra  =  Mrs.  florton  :  Monimar:  Mrs.  Ware. 


C.G.  1738-1739.  585 

13.     Cheats   of   Scapin.      Scapin   ='(  Hippisley : 
Thrifty  =  Rosco :  Gripe  =  Arthur :   Shift  —  Chapman. 

20.  Never  acted  there,    Tender  Husband.     Capt. 
Clerimont  =  Ryan  :    Sir  Harry  Gubbin  =  Chapman  : 
Numps  —  James :    Clerimont  =  Hale  :    Tipkin  =  Hip- 
pisley :    Pounce  =  Rosco :  Biddy  Tipkin  =  Mrs.  Hor- 
ton  :  Mrs.  Clerimont  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

22.  Albion  Queens.     Norfolk  =  Ryan  :  Davison  = 
Delane  :  Queen  Mary  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Queen  Eliza- 
beth =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

23.  Relapse.     Lord  Foppington  =  Hallam. 

24.  False  Friend 25.  Rule  a  Wife. 

29.  King  John 30.  Richard  2d. 

Dec.  1.  Richard  2d 2.   Henry  4th,  part  1st. 

4.  Henry  4th,  part  2d 5.  Henry  5th. 

6.  Conscious  Lovers  and  Tanner  of  York. 

7.  Cato  =  Delane  :    Juba  —  Hallam  :    Sempronius 
=  Walker:  Portius  =  Ryan  :  Marcus  —  Hale  :  Marcia 
=  Mrs.  Horton. 

9.  Never  acted,  Margery,  or  a  Worse  Plague  than 
the  Dragon.  Moore  =  Salway  :  Gaffer  Gubbins  = 
Laguerre  :  Margery  Moore  =  Mrs.  Lampe  :  Mauxa- 
lindarrMiss  Young: — this  is  a  Burlesque  Opera  by 
Carey  in  3  short  Acts — it  is  not  totally  void  of  merit, 
but  it  is  very  inferiour  to  the  Dragon  of  Wantley  to 
which  it  is  a  Sequel — in  the  argument  prefixed  to  it, 
Carey  says,  "  this  Opera  ends  happily,  according  to 
"  the  custom  of  all  Operas,  no  matter  how  impro- 
"  bable,  absurd,  or  ridiculous  "  —Margery  was  after- 
wards acted,  and  printed  as  the  Dragoness. 

21.  Richard  2d 22.  Henry  5th. 

Jan.  3.  Strategem  and  Cheats  of  Scapin. 


586  c.  G.  1738-1739. 

4.  Not  acted  20  years,  Royal  Convert.  Hengist 
=  Delane :  Aribert  =  Hale  :  Seofrid  =  Johnson :  Offa 
=  Rosco  :  Rodogune  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Ethelinda  = 
Mrs.  Horton. 

6.  Bullock's  bt.  Spanish  Fryar.  Dominic  —  Bul- 
lock, who  has  not  appeared  on  the  stage  these  6 
years :  Raymond  =  Rosco  :  Alphonso  =  Arthur  : — 
rest  as  before — Bullock  hopes  his  great  age,  up- 
wards of  threescore  and  twelve,  will  plead  his  excuse, 
that  he  cannot  pay  his  duty  to  his  acquaintance  and 
friends,  whose  good  nature  may  engage  them  to  assist 
him  in  this  decline  of  life,  in  order  to  make  the  re- 
mainder of  his  days  easy  and  comfortable  to  him— 
In  his  younger  years  he  had  the  pleasure  and  happi- 
ness of  entertaining  the  town ;  and  Sir  Richard 
Steele  in  his  Tatler  has  been  pleased .  to  perpetuate 
his  memory  in  honouring  him  with  a  memorial  there 
(see  Pinkethman  D.  L.  1723-1724-) — as  this  is  the 
last  time  he  may  possibly  beg  the  favour  of  the  town, 
he  hopes  to  receive  their  indulgence,  which  for  the 
few  remaining  days  shall  be  gratefully  acknowledged 
by  him. 

10.  Carey's  bt.    Jane  Shore  and  Margery. 

11.  Henry  5th. 

15.  Provoked  Wife.  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Vincent. 

16.  Old  Batchelor.     Sir  Joseph  Wittol  =  Neale  : 
with  What  dy'e  call  it?      Timothy  Peascod  =  Pin- 
kethman :  Peter  Nettle  =  Hippisley  :  Kitty  Carrot = 
Mrs.  Vincent. 

17.  Never  acted,  the  Parricide,   or  Innocence  in 
Distress.    Castor  =  Ryan  :  Godrick  =  Delane  :  Albert 
=  Hale:   Felix  (a  British  nobleman)  —  Rosco  :   Ari- 


C.G.   1738-1739..  587 

ana  (his  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Horton :  Eliza  (wife  to 
Godrick)  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Harroana  (the  mother  of 
Edmund,  Castor,  and  Eliza)  =  Mrs.  James  :  — this 
T.  seems  to  have  been  acted  but  once,  but  the 
author  had  a  bt.  on  the  19th — the  scene  lies  in 
Kent  in  the  time  of  William  the  Conqueror — at  the 
opening  of  the  play,  Edmund  and  Ariana  are  to  be 
married  in  the  course  of  the  morning — Felix  tells  his 
daughter  that  Edmund  had  accidentally  fallen  into 
the  Medway,  and  was  drowned — in  reality  Castor 
was  the  cause  of  his  death — their  mother  Harroana 
had  seen  the  circumstances  from  her  window — she 
threatens  to  expose  Castor — he  kills  her  between  the 
1st  and  2d  acts — he  had  previously  poisoned  his 
father — this  is  not  absolutely  a  bad  T.,  but  it  has 
nothing  in  it  either  pleasing  or  interesting — Shir- 
ley in  his  dedication  to  Rich,  says — "  Permit  me 
"  to  express  my  wonder  that  20  or  30  persons 
"  should  enter  into  an  association  against  a  person, 
"  or  his  productions,  without  the  least  knowledge  of 
"  either,  or  being  able  to  give  any  reason  for  their 
"  malice,  but  that  it  was  a  new  play  and  had  been 
"  licensed — that  my  enemies  came  resolved  to  ex- 
"  ecute  before  trial,  may  be  gathered  from  their 
"  behaviour  ere  the  play  began,  for  at  5  o'clock  they 
"  engaged,  and  overthrew  the  candles  in  the  Music- 
"  room,  and  called  a  council  of  war  whether  they 
"  should  attack  the  harpsicord  or  not :  but  to  your 
"  good  fortune  it  was  carried  in  the  negative — their 
"  expelling  the  Ladies  from  the  Pit  and  sending  for 
"  wine  to  drink  were  likewise  strong  indications  of 
"  their  arbitrary  and  violent  dispositions — a  public 
"  wound  on  a  man's  character  is  as  much  an  assassi- 


588  c.  G.  1738-1739. 

"  nation  as  if  it  were  given  to  his  body,  and  no  per- 
"  son  who  had  the  least  tincture  of  honour  would  be 
"  guilty  of  one  any  more  than  he  would  of  the  other: 
"  but  this  appears  to  be  no  principle  of  our  present 
"  theatrical  rioters." 

22.  Amorous  Widow. 

23.  Not  acted  3  years,  Jew  of  Venice.     Shylock 
=  Arthur:  Bassanio  =  Walker:  Antonio  =  Ryan: 
Gratiano  =  Chapman  :  Portia  =  Mrs.  Hallam  :  Ne- 
rissa  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

25.  Wit  without  Money— 27.  Fair  Penitent. 
31.  Busy  Body. 

Feb.  9.  Country  Wife.  Horner  =  Hallam :  Pinch- 
wife  =  Ryan :  Sparkish  =  Chapman  :  Sir  Jasper 
Fidget  :=  Hippisley  :  Mrs.  Pinchwife  =  Mrs.  Vincent. 

10.  CEdipus 15.  Fair  Quaker. 

14.  Emperour  of  the  Moon  acted  as  a  first  piece. 
Scaramouch  =  Rosco :  Harlequin  —  Pinkethman :  Dr. 
Baliardo  =  Arthur  :  Charmante  =  Hallam  :  Cinthio  = 
Hale :  Bellemante  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  :  Elaria  =  Mrs. 
Vincent :  M  opsophil  —  Mrs.  James. 

16.  Funeral.  Lord  Hardy  =  Delane :  Trim  = 
Chapman :  Campley  =  Hallam  :  Trusty  =  Bridge- 
water  :  Sable  =  Hippisley  :  Lady  Brumptori  =  Mrs. 
Horton :  Lady  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Mrs.  Fard- 
ingale  =  Mr.  Neale. 

19.  Richard  2d.  with  Royal  Chace. 

22.  Rival  Queens  and  Rape  of  Proserpine. 

24.  Orphan.     Chaplain  =.  Chapman. 

26.  Not  acted  6  years,  Double  Dealer.     Maskwell 
=   Rosco :   Sir  Paul  Plyant  =  Hippisley :  Brisk  = 
Chapman :  Careless   =   Ryan  :  Mellefont  =  Hale : 
Lord  Froth   =   Neale  :  Lord  Touchwood  =  Bridge- 


c.  G.  1738-1739.  589 

water :  Lady  Touchwood  =  Mrs.  Hallam :  Lady 
Froth  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Lady  Plyant  =  Mrs.  James. 

March  5.  Provoked  Wife 8.  King  John. 

13.  Delane's  bt.  Not  acted  5  years,  Mariamne. 
Herod  =  Delane:  Flaminius  =  Ryan:  Sohemus  = 
Bridge  water  :  High  Priest  =  Chapman:  Mariamne 
=  Mrs.  Horton. 

19.  Hippisley's  bt.   Henry  5th  and   Lucky   Dis- 
covery. 

20.  Ryan's  bt.  Provoked  Husband  with  the  comic 
part  of  the  Masque  of  Acis  and  Galatea,  called  the 
Country  Wedding.     Roger  =  Salway  :  Acis  =  Mrs. 
Vincent :  Countrymen  =  Mullart  and    Stoppelear : 
Joan  =  Mrs.  Lampe  :  Country  women  =  Mrs.  James 
and  Mrs.  Marshall : — Roger  and  Joan  are  going  to 
be  married — Acis  attempts  to  take  Joan  from  Roger 
— she   is   at  first  inclined   to  leave  Roger— Roger 
offers  to  fight  Acis — Roger  and  Joan  are  reconciled 

—this  is  a  musical  trifle — from  the  D.  P.  it  seems 
the  same  piece  which  was  acted  at  D.  L.  July  27 
1714 — the  Editor  of  the  B.  D.  says  that  the  Masque 
of  Acis  and  Galatea  was  written  by  Motteux,  and 
acted  atD.  L.  in  1701. 

27.  Chapman's  bt.  Never  acted  there,  Country 
Lasses.  Modely  —  Chapman  :  Heartwell  =  Hale  : 
Freehold  =  Bridge  water  :  Sir  John  English  =  Pin- 
kethrnan  :  Shacklefigure  =  Neale  :  Double]  ugg  = 
Hippisley:  Aura  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Flora  =  Mrs.  Bel- 
lamy :  N.  B.  I  being  in  danger  of  losing  one  of  my 
eyes  am  advised  to  keep  it  from  the  air,  therefore  stir 
not  out  to  attend  my  business  at  the  theatre — on  this 
melancholy  occasion  I  hope  my  friends  will  be  so  in- 
dulgent as  to  send  for  tickets  to  my  house  the  corner 


590  c.  G.  1738-1739. 

of  Bow  Street  C.  G.,  which  favour  will  be  gratefully 
acknowledged  by  their  obedient  humble  servant  Tho. 
Chapman, 

29.  Edward  and  Eleanora.  Edward  =  Delane  : 
Selim  =  Ryan  :  Theald  =  Roberts  :  Gloster  =  Rosco  : 
Eleanora  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Daraxa  =  Mrs.  Hallam  : — 
this  T.  was  the  second  victim  to  the  Licensing  Act — it 
was  prohibited  after  it  had  not  only  been  rehearsed, 
but  absolutely  advertised  for  this  evening — there  can- 
not be  a  stronger  proof  of  the  arbitrary  conduct  of 
the  Licenser  in  prohibiting  Gustavus  Vasa  and  this 
Tragedy,  than  that  Dr.  Johnson,  Pensioner  and 
Tory  as  he  was,  says,  "  it  is  hard  to  discover  why 
"  either  play  should  have  been  obstructed" — it  must 
however  be  acknowledged  that  Thomson's  zeal  in 
the  cause  of  his  Royal  Patron  carried  him  too  far — 
in  the  first  scene  Gloster  says— 

"  Has  not  the  royal  heir  a  juster  claim     . 

"  To  share  his  Father's  inmost  heart  and  counsels, 

"  Than  aliens'to  his  interest,  those  who  make 

mi 

"  A  property,  a  market,  of  his  honour  ?" 

When  Edward  hears  of  Henry  the  third's  death  he 
observes — 

*«  O  my  deluded  Father  !  little  joy 

"  Hadst  thou  in  life,  led  from  thy  real  good 

"  And  genuine  glory,  from  thy  people's  love, 

"  The  noblest  aim  of  Kings,  by  smiling  traitors.'' 

these  manifest  allusions  to  the  unfortunate  difference 
between  George  the  2d  and  the  Prince  of  Wales 
were  certainly  very  improper  for  the  stage  ;  but  the 
Licenser  should  have  expunged  these  passages  and 


c.  G.    1738-1739.  591 

not  have  prohibited  the  whole  piece see  C.  G. 

March  18  1775. 

April  3.  Mrs.  Hallam's  bt.  Love's  last  Shift. 
Younger  Worthy  —  Hale  : — rest  as  before — with,  not 
acted  6  years — Stage  Coach.  Uncle  Micher  =  Hip- 
pisley  :  Nicodemus  Somebody  —  James. 

5.  Not  acted  3  years,  Committee.  Teague  = 
Barrington  from  Dublin  :  Careless  =  Ryan  :  Blunt 
=  Walker  :  Day  =  Pinkethman  :  Obediah  =  Hippis- 
ley  :  Abel  =  Neale  :  Ruth  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Mrs.  Day 
=  Mrs.  Mullart :  Arbella  —  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

7-  Bridge  water's  bt.  Constant  Couple. 

In  the  London  Magazine  for  May  there  is  a  Pro- 
logue written  by  Theobald  and  spoken  by  Ryan,  on 
occasion  of  a  monument  to  be  erected  by  contribu- 
tion to  Shakspeare — Hamlet  was  acted  at  C.  G. 
April  10th  for  the  benefit  of  that  fund. 

12.  Never  acted  there,  Twin  Rivals.  Younger 
Wou'dbe  =  Sparks  :  Teague  =  Barrington,  both  from 
Dublin  :  Elder  Wou'dbe  =  Ryan  :  Trueman  —  Chap- 
man :  Richmore  =  Hale  :  Alderman  =  Hippisley  : 
Aurelia  =  Mrs.  Bellamy :  Constance  =  Mrs.  Vincent : 
Mrs.  Mandrake  =  Mr.  Stoppelear  :  — the  original 
name  was  still  retained  at  this  theatre. 

23.  Tender  Husband,  and  Beggar's  Wedding. 

24.  Walker's  bt.  Recruiting  Officer.     Kite  =  Wal- 
ker:— with,   not   acted  8    years,    Cobler's    Opera. 
Harry  Pyefleet  =  Salway  :  Apleek  —  Hippisley. 

25.  For  bt.  of  Stephens.     Merry  Wives.     Falstaff 
=  Stephens  :  Ford  =  Ryan  :   Sir  Hugh  =  Hippisley  : 
Host  =  Bullock :   Shallow  =  Chapman  :  Mrs.  Ford  = 
Mrs.  Horton  :  Mrs.  Page  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

May  2.  Never  acted  there,  for  bt.  of  Oates  and 


592  c.  G.    1738-1739. 

Miss  Gates.  Love  for  Love.  Valentine  =  Hale  : 
Foresight  ==  Hippisley  :  Tattle  =  Chapman  :  Sir 
Sampson  Legend  =  Rosco  :  Scandal  =  Walker :  Ben 

—  James  :   Jeremy  =  Gates  :    Trapland  =  Arthur  : 
Angelica  —  Mrs.  Bellamy  ;  Miss  Prue  =  Miss  Gates  : 
Mrs.  Frail  =  Mrs.  S.tevens  :    Mrs.  Foresight  =  Mrs. 
Horton  :  Nurse  =  Mrs.  Martin. 

7.  Pinkethman's  bt.  Not  acted  4  years,  Squire  of 
Alsatia.    Sir  William  Belfond  =  Pinkethman  :  Squire 

—  Chapman  :  Young  Belfond  =  Walker :  Sir  Edward 
Belfond  =  Bridge  water  :   Lolpoop  =  Hippisley  :    Mrs. 
Termagant  =  Mrs.  Kilby. 

8.  Yates  danced  a  Hornpipe. 

11.  For  bt.  of  Clarke  and  Stevens.  Double  Gal- 
lant and  School  Boy.  Major  Rakish  =  Hippisley  : 
Young  Rakish  =  Stevens  :  Schoolboy  =  Clarke. 

17.  For  bt.  of  Roberts,  Yates,  and  Mrs.  Mull  art, 
Not 'acted  14  years,  Don  Quixote.  Don  Quixote  = 
Roberts  :  Sancho  =  Mullart :  Duke  =  Bridgewater  : 
Ambrosio  =  Walker :  Bernardo  the  Chaplain  =  Hip- 
pisley :  Page  =  Yates .  Ravished  Woman  =  Mr. 
Neale  :  Moll  the  Buxom  =  Mrs.  Mullart. 

25.  Not  acted  this  season,  Much  ado  about 
Nothing.  B enedick  =  Chapman  :  Leonato  =  John- 
son :  Don  Pedro  =  Hale  :  Claudio  =  Hallam  :  Don 
John  =  Bridgewater  :  Antonio  =  Arthur  :  Dogberry  = 
Hippisley:  Town  Clerk  =  Mullart :  Beatrice  =  Mrs. 
Vincent :  Hero  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

June  5.  Macbeth — last  play. 

Oronooko — Venice  Preserved — Conscious  Lovers 
— Mourning  Bride — Way  of  the  World — Theodosius 
— Mistake — Rover  and  Distressed  31  other  had  been 
acted  in  the  course  of  the  season. 


c.  G.  1738-1739.  593 

Aug.  2.  For  the  bt.  of  Miss  Jenny  and  Miss  Betty, 
two  infant  daughters  of  the  late  Mrs.  Jane  Cibber— 
Theo.  Cibber  acted  Lord  Foppington  in  the  Relapse, 
and  the  Mock  Doctor. 

10.  Walker's  bt.  Beggar's  Opera.  Macheath  = 
Walker :  Mat  of  the  Mint  (in  the  character  of  Pis- 
tol) =  Cibber  Jun. 

21.  Not  acted  6  years,  Careless  Husband.  Sir 
Charles  Easy  =  Ryan  :  Lord  Foppington  =  Cibber 
Jun.:  Lord  Morelove  =  Hale :  Lady  Betty  Modish 
=  Mrs.  Horton  :  Lady  Easy  =  Mrs.  Stevens  :  Lady 
Graveairs  =  Mrs.  Bellamy  :  Edging  =.  Mrs.  Vincent. 

29.  Careless    Husband 31.    Relapse.      (Sills 

from  Mr.  Field's  collection.) 

William  Bullock  acted  the  Host  of  the  Garter  on 
the  25th  of  April— this  was  his  last  performance 
at  C.  G. — but  he  had  a  booth  this  summer  at  Bar- 
tholemew  Fair,  and  acted  himself — Bullock  had 
three  sons,  Christopher,  Hildebrarid  and  William — 
the  last  of  them  was  the  actor  engaged  at  G.  F.  in 
1729 — Hildebrand  had  disappeared  from  the  stage — 
and  Christopher  was  dead. 

Gildon,  in  1702,  speaks  highly  of  Bullock — Mack- 
lin  assured  Davies  that  he  had  a  true  genius  for  the 
stage ;  and  Davies  himself  says,  that  he  had  seen 
him  act  several  parts  with  applause,  particularly 
the  Spanish  Fryar — Davies  adds  that  Bullock 
was  at  that  time  turned  of  80,  which  is  clearly  a 
mistake. 

A  print  of  Bullock  was  published  in  or  before  1822 

—it  was  copied  from  a  scarce  print,  which  belonged 

to  the  late  Div  Burney,   and  which  is   now  in  the 

VOL.  111.  Q   Q 


594  c.  G.  1738-1739. 

British  Museum — on  this  print  Bullock  is  said  to 
have  died  in  1733 — this  mistake  is  repeated  in  some 
biographical  memoir. 


Bullock's  characters — selection  only. 

D.  L.  1696.  *Sly  in  Love's  last  Shift—*  Sir  Mor- 
gan Blunder  in  Younger  Brother. 

1697.  *Sir    Tunbelly  Clumsy  in  Relapse — *Sue 
Frowzy  in  Plot  and  no  Plot — Leucippe  in  Humour- 
ous Lieutenant. 

1698.  Sauny  the  Scot. 

1699.  *Mockmode  in  Love  and  a  Bottle — *Clin- 
cher  Junior  in  Constant  Couple. 

1701.  *  Antonio  in  Love  makes  a  Man. 

1702.  *Kate  Matchlock  in  Funeral — *Galindo  in 
False  Friend — *Duretete — *Soto  in  She  wou'd  and 
she  wou'd  not. 

1703.  *Maiden  in  Tunbridge  Walks — *Fancy  in 
Fair  Example — *  Selfwill  in  Love's  Contrivance— 
*Fondle  in  Vice  Reclaimed. 

1703-1704.  Timothy  Squeeze  in  Miser — (at  Court, 
Host  in  Merry  Wives.) 

1704-1705.  *Sir  Harry  Gubbin  in  Tender  Hus- 
band— *Vandunke  in  Royal  Merchant. 

1705-1706.  *Sir  Richard  Plainman  in  Basset 
Table— *Bullock  in  R.  O. 

Hay.  1706-1707.  Spanish  Fryar— Hothead  in  Sir 
Courtly  Nice — Abel  in  Committee — Palmer  in  Comi- 
cal Revenge — Wiseacre  in  London  Cuckolds — Sir 
Amorous  La  Foole  in  Silent  Woman — Sir  Joslin 


c.  G.  1738-1739.  595 

Jolley  in  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd — Lord  Sandys  in 
Henry  8th — Nurse  in  Caius  Marius — *Boniface — 
Lance  in  Wit  without  Money — Bubble  in  Fond 
Husband — Teague  O'Divelly  in  Lancashire  Witches 
—Sampson  in  Fatal  Marriage — Sir  Martin  Man-all 
— Cokes  in  Bartholomew  Fair. 

1707-1708.  Tallboy  in  Jovial  Crew. 

D.  L.  1708.  Booby  in  Country  Wit— Sir  Jolly 
Jumble  in  Soldier's  Fortune — Sir  Joseph  Wittol  in 
O.  B. — Sir  Humphry  Noddy  in  Bury  Fair — Sassafras 
in  Greenwich  Park — Squire  of  Alsatia — Trincalo. 

1708-1709.  Scaramouch  in  Emperor  of  the  Moon 
— *Master  Totty  in  Fine  Lady's  Airs — Bisket  in 
Epsom  Wells — Kastril  in  Alchemist — Sir  Jasper 
Fidget  in  Country  Wife — *Sir  Jealous  Traffick  in 
B.  B. 

Hay.  1709-1710.  Clodpole  in  Amorous  Widow — 
*Roger  in  Man's  Bewitched — Sir  Thomas  Testy  in 
Country  Wake — Bishop  of  Hereford  in  Edward  the 
3d — Simon  in  the  Mayor  of  Quinborough — Colignii 
in  Villain. 

D.  L.  1710-1711.  Cacafogo  —  Friar  in  Spanish 
Wives — Sir  Timothy  Kastril  in  Volunteers. 

1711-1712.  Capt.  Tilbury  in  Madam  Fickle — 
Podesta  in  City  Politics. 

1712-1713.  *Col.  Hyland  in  Humours  of  the 
Army — Falstaff  in  Henry  4th  pt.  1st. 

1713-1714.  *Gibby  in  Wonder — Timothy  in  Sir 
Solomon — Nicholas  St.  Antlings  in  Puritan. 

L.  I.  F.  1715-1716.  *Grist  in  Cobler  of  Preston. 

1716-1717.  "Vulture  in  Woman's  a  Riddle— Mufti 
in  Don  Sebastian. 

Q  Q  2 


596  EARL    OF    ORRERY. 

1717-1718.  *Tradelove  in  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife 
-  Sir  Feeble  Fainwou'd  in  Lucky  Chance. 

1718-1719.  Depazzi  in  Tray  tor. 

1719-1720.  Gravedigger  in  Hamlet — *Cobblecase 
in  Whig  and  Tory. 

1720-1721.  Thersites  in  Troilus  and  Cressida— in 
Much  ado  about  Nothing — probably  Dogberry — Lord 
Mayor  in  Richard  3d. 

1721-1722.  Chaplain  in  Don  Quixote. 

1722-1723.  Lopez  in  Spanish  Curate. 

1723-1724.  Fabio  in  Sisters  altered. 

1724-1725.  Justice  Clement  in  Every  Man  in  his 
Humour. 

1725-1726.  Roger  in  .Esop. 

*  Originally. 


EARL  OF  ORRERY. 

Dodsley  in  1739  published  an  edition  of  Lord 
Orrery's  works — we  are  so  much  obliged  to  any  per- 
son who  will  collect  and  reprint  the  works  of  a  dra- 
matic writer,  that  it  would  be  an  invidious  thing  to 
dwell  with  illnature  on  any  moderate  faults,  which  he 
may  have  committed — there  are  however  some  mis- 
takes so  egregious,  and  yet  so  easy  to  have  been  avoid- 


EARL    OF    ORRERY.  59? 

ed,  that  it  is  impossible  to  pass  them  over  with  a  slight 
censure— it  was  Dodsley's  first  duty  to  have  ascer- 
tained what  plays  Lord  Orrery  had  written,  hut  in- 
stead of  doing  this,  he  has  omitted  one  of  them — viz. 
Mr.  Anthony — see  D.  G.  167 1— Dodsley  prints  the 
Black  Prince,  with  the  names  of  the  performers  to 
the  characters,  all  of  whom  belonged  to  the  King's 
company,  yet  he  tells  us  that  the  play  was  acted  at 
the  Duke's  Theatre — this  outrageous  blunder  is  re- 
peated in  both  the  editions  of  the  B.  D. — Langbaine 
is  correct — the  origin  of  Dodsley's  mistake  seems  to 
be  this — Dodsley,  in  the  preface,  gives  us  a  very  in- 
teresting passage  from  an  original  letter  by  Lord 
Orrery,  in  which  he  speaks  of  his  first  play  as  about 
to  be  brought  out  by  Davenant— the  obvious  conclu- 
sion which  Dodsley  ought  to  have  drawn  from  this 
extract  was,  that  the  Black  Prince  could  not  possibly 
be  the  play  of  which  Lord  Orrery  was  speaking— 
instead  of  which  he  concluded  that  the  Black  Prince 
was  acted  at  Davenant's  Theatre — Lord  Orrery  in 
1669  printed  the  Black  Prince  and  Tryphon  together 
— in  the  titlepage  it  is  expressly  said — "  the  first  acted 
"  at  the  Theatre  Royal  by  his  Majesty's  servants, 
"  the  other  by  his  Highness  the  Duke  of  York's  ser- 
"  vants." 

VOL.  1. 

1.  Black  Prince— see  T.  R.  Oct.  19  and  23  1G67. 

2.  Tryphon— see  L.  I.  F.  Dec.  8  1668. 

3.  Henry  5th— see  L.  I.  F.  Aug.  13  1664. 

4.  Mustapha— see  L.  I.  F,  1663  and  1665. 


5(J8  EARL    OF    ORRERT 

VOL.  2. 

5.  Herod  the  Great — there  are  some  good  pas- 
sages in  this  T.,  but  on  the  whole  it  is  an  indifferent 
play — it  was  not  printed  till  1694,  arid  it  is  said  never 
to  have  been  acted — Lord  Orrery  has  taken  most  un- 
warrantable liberties  with  the  story,  particularly  in 
the  character  of  Antipater — the  death  of  Herod  is 
likewise  grossly  misrepresented. 

6  and  7-  Altemira  and  Guzman. 

Dodsley  in  his  preface  says — "  The  Earl  of  Orrery, 
"  at  his  death,  left  two  plays,  Altemira  and  Guzman 
"  unfinished  *  *  *  little  can  be  said  in  praise  of 
"  Guzman,  the  work  of  an  old  man,  in  the  decline  of 
"  life,  labouring  under  the  torments  and  anguish  of 
"  the  gout ;  certainly  it  is  not  equal  to  the  plays 
"  which  go  before  it ;  but  as  all  the  dramatical  pieces 
"  of  the  then  Earl  of  Orrery  are  now  put  together, 
"  Guzman  has  found  a  place  in  these  volumes,  tho* 
"  otherwise  scarce  worthy  of  a  new  edition" — here 
Dodsley  blunders  again  most  woefully — Guzman  was 
so  far  from  being  left  unfinished,  that  Downes  ex- 
pressly says  it  was  acted  with  success— see  D.  G. 
1671 — besides  it  was  written  8  or  10  years  before 
Lord  Orrery's  death. 

For  Altemira  see  L.  I.  F.  1702. 

8.  To  these  plays  Dodsley  added  As  you  find  it, 
which  was  written  by  Lord  Orrery's  grandson — see 
L.  I.  F.  April  28  1703. 


D.  L.   1739-1740.  599 


D.  L.  1739-1740. 

Sep.  1.  Hamlet  and  Devil  to  Pay. 

4.  Love  for  Love.  Tattle  =  'Woodward:  Jeremy 
=  Yates  :  Angelica  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

8.  Oronooko.  Daniel  =  Penkethman  his  1st  ap- 
pearance there. 

1 1.  Strategem.  Scrub  =  Penkethman  :  Dorinda  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard. 

13.  Cato.     Syphax  =  Berry  :  Lucia  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

14.  Walker's   bt.    Venice  Preserved.     Jaffier  = 
1VJ  ilward  :  Pierre  =  Walker :  Renault  =  Berry :  Pri- 
uli  =  Havard  :  Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Giffard. 

21.  Othello  with  Harlequin  Shipwrecked.     Harle- 
quin =  Woodward :  Pantaloon  =  Yates. 

22.  Twin  Rivals.     Subtleman  =  Woodward. 

24.  Not  acted  20  years,  (never  at  D.  L.  but  re- 
vived at  L.  I.  F.  Sep.  17  1729)  Sir  Walter  Raleigh. 
Sir  Walter  =  Quin :  Howard  =  Milward :  Young 
Raleigh  =  M ills  :  Salisbury  =  Havard  :  Gundamor  = 
Berry  :  Cobham  =  Wright :  Sir  Julius  Caesar  =  Rid- 
out  :  Carew  =  Cashel :  Lady  Raleigh  =  Mrs.  Butler  : 
Olympian  Mrs.  Mills  : — acted  8  times  successively. 

Oct.  3.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  —  Chapman,  being 
his  1st  appearance  there  :  Whisper  =  Yates. 

4.  ^Esop.     Quaint  =•  Yates 5.  Orphan. 

6.  Country  Wife.  Sparkish  =  Chapman :  Lady 
Fidget  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

8.  Amphitryon 9.  Spanish  Fryar. 

10.  Julius  Caesar.  4th  Citizen  =  Yates : — with 
Robin  Goodfellow.  Squire  Freehold  =  Yates. 


600  D.  L.   1739-1740. 

11.  Double  Gallant.     Atall  =  Chapman:  Finder 
=  Yates. 
13.  Merry  Wives  of  Windsor.     Pistol  —  Yates. 

16.  Rule  a  Wife.     Estifania  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

17.  Richard  3d.     Richard  —  Quin  :  Richmond  = 
Wright :  Lord  Mayor  =  Taswell :  King  Henry  — 
Milward. 

18.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Clodio  =  Chapman. 
19-  Double  Dealer.     Brisk  —  Chapman. 

22  Volpone.  Volpone  =  Quin  :  Mosca  =  Mills  : 
Corbaccio  =  Johnson  :  Voltore  =  Milward  :  Corvino 
=  Wright :  Sir  Politick  =  Griffin  Bonario  =.  Havard : 
Lady  Wou'dbe  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Celia  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

23.  Silent  Woman.     Sir  John  Daw  =  Macklin  : 
Cutbeard  =  Chapman. 

24.  Alchemist.    Abel  Drugger  =  Penkethman  :  Sir 
Epicure  Mammon  =  Shepherd  :  Dapper  —  Yates. 

26.  Love   for   Love.     Tattle  =  Chapman  :    Mrs. 
Foresight  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

27.  Tender  Husband. 

29.  Never  acted  there,  Match  in  Newgate.  Vi- 
zard =  Chapman  :  Mixuin  =  Martin  :  Thirikwell  = 
Turbutt :  Freeman  =  Cashel :  Bevil  =  Havard  :  Tom 
=  Woodward:  Solomon  =  Yates  :  Corinna  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard:  Cselia^Miss  Bennett:  Miranda  =  Mrs. 
Chetwood  :  Mrs.  Mixum  =  Mrs.  Grace  :  Mother 
Griffin  =  Mr.  Penkethman. 

Nov.  5  and  6.  Tamerlane.     Halyi=  Cashel. 

7.  Amorous  Widow.  Barnaby  Brittle  =  Griffin  : 
Lovemore  =  Mills  :  Merryman  =  Penkethman  :  Clod- 
pole  =  Macklin  :  Sir  Peter  Pride  =  Johnson  :  JefFery 
=  Yates  :  Wanton  Wife  =  Mrs.  Clive:  Damaris  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard. 


D.  L.   1739-1740.  601 

8.  Provoked  Wife.     Mademoiselle  =  Mrs.  Chet- 
wood. 

10.  Plain  Dealer.     Novel  =  Chapman. 

12.  Never  acted,  Fatal  Retirement.  Artamon  = 
Mills  :  Lanertes  (his  friend)  =  Milward  :  Pravamor 
=  Wright:  Ceron  (a  nobleman)  =  Berry :  Arcano 
(confederate  with  Pravamor)  •=.  Ridout :  Semandra 
(wife  to  Artamon)  =  Mrs.  Giffard  :  Leonora  (niece 
to  Ceron)  =  Mrs.  Mills  :  Sabia  (wife  to  Pravamor)  = 
Mrs.  Butler: — Lanertes  and  Leonora  are  mutually 
in  love — Leonora,  in  the  course  of  a  walk,  had  re- 
retired  to  a  grove — she  was  ravished  by  a  man  in  a 
mask — here  the  play  begins — a  paper  written  by  Ar- 
tamon is  found  near  the  spot  in  which  Leonora  was 
ravished — this  causes  Ceron  to  suspect  Artamon  of 
the  rape — a  mask  is  placed  by  Arcano  in  the  apart- 
ment of  Artamon — Lanertes  finds  it,  and  quarrels 
with  Artamon — Sakia  is  in  love  with  Artamon — he 
rejects  all  her  solicitations — in  the  5th  act  Leonora 
discovers  that  Pravamor  was  her  ravisher — Prava- 
mor kills  Leonora  to  prevent  any  farther  discovery 
— Leonora,  before  her  death,  tells  Lanertes  what 
Pravamor  had  done — Lanertes  drags  in  Pravamor, 
and  kills  him — Pravamor  is  not  only  a  villain,  but 

an  atheist — the  scene  lies  at  a  village  in  Sicily 

this  T.  was  acted  but  one  night — the  person  who 
continued  Whincop's  List  of  Dramatic  Poets,  says 
"  this  play  was  written  by  Anthony  Brown,  a  gentle- 
"  man  of  the  Temple — the  author's  friends  attributed 
"  its  ill  success  in  a  great  measure  to  Quin's  refusing 
"  to  act  in  it ;  and  in  consequence  of  this  supposi- 
"  tion  they  insulted  him  for  several  nights  whenever 
"  he  appeared  on  the  stage,  till  Quiri  came  forward 


602  D.  L.  1739-1740. 

"  and  said,  that  he  had  at  the  request  of  the  author 
"  read  the  Fatal  Retirement  before  it  was  acted,  and 
"  had  given  him  his  sincere  opinion  of  it ;  which 
"  was,  that  it  was  the  worst  play  he  had  ever  read  in 
"  his  life  ;  and  for  that  reason  he  had  refused  to  act 
"  in  it — this  address  was  followed  by  a  thundering 
"  clap,  and  an  entire  stop  was  put  to  the  insults 
"  which  Quin  had  received — but  we  ought  not  to 
"  form  our  judgment  of  the  play  from  what  Quin 
"  was  pleased  to  say  of  it"  &c. 

The  Editor  of  the  B.  D.,  after  relating  the  fore- 
going account,  was  bound  in  justice  to  add  what  the 
author  says  in  his  vindication ;  namely,  "  that  Quin 
"  was  requested  to  study  the  part  of  Artamon,  but 
"  preferred  that  of  Ceron,  which  he  promised  to 
"  perform ;  before  the  representation  he  threw  up 
"  that  part,  and  (with  such  haughtiness  of  behaviour 
"  as  cannot  be  described)  absolutely  refused  to  be 
"  concerned  in  the  performance  :  this  refusal  from 
"  Quin  so  far  prejudiced  the  other  actors,  that  they 
"  almost  wholly  neglected  the  study  of  their  parts, 
"  and  the  play  had  not  a  fair  chance  given  it — the 
"  author  indeed  confesses  that  there  are  many  and 
"  great  faults  in  it,  but  cannot  yet  think  (had  it  been 
"  acted  properly)  that  it  would  have  deserved  so 
"  hard  a  fate  as  it  met  with." 

The  play  itself  is  moderate — its  principal  fault  is 
want  of  incident — the  circumstance  on  which  the 
plot  turns  is  not  badly  imagined,  but  it  happens  be- 
fore the  play  begins,  and  the  first  four  acts  are  mere 
conversation — the  dialogue  on  the  whole  does  the 
author  considerable  credit,  it  is  generally  simple  and 
sometimes  pathetic — it  was  perhaps  owing  to  this 


D.  L.  1739-1740.  603 

very  circumstance  that  Quin  was  disgusted  Vith  it, 
as  it  differed  widely  from  that  unnatural  language  to 
which  he  was  used  on  the  stage — at  all  events  Quin's 
judgment  was  rash  and  he  had  certainly  acted  in 
many  Tragedies,  which  were  not  better  than  the 
Fatal  Retirement. 

Nov.  15.  Cato,  with,  never  acted,  the  Hospital  for 
Fools.  Esculapius  =  Berry:  Mercury  =  Macklin  : 
Father =Pinkethman:  Son  =  Cashell :  Beau  =  Yates: 
Poet  -  Woodward  :  Daughter  =  Mrs.  Clive  : — Mer- 
cury, by  the  command  of  Jupiter,  had  made  procla- 
mation that  those  persons  who  are  troubled  with  folly 
of  any  kind,  should  repair  to  Esculapius,  and  be 
cured  without  fee  or  reward — not  a  single  patient 
offers  himself — Mercury  then  proclaims  that  any  per- 
son who  has  a  relation,  friend,  or  acquaintance, 
troubled  with  folly,  may  bring  him  to  be  cured — a 
great  crowd  of  men  and  women  then  enter — Escu- 
lapius condemns  most  of  those  who  accuse  others  of 
folly,  to  be  sent  to  the  Hospital  themselves — this 
dramatic  fable  is  totally  void  of  plot  and  incident, 
but  the  dialogue  is  very  well  written — it  is  preceded 
by  a  good  Introduction — this  is  supposed  to  pass  in 
the  Green  Room — the  Hospital  for  Fools  was  damned, 
as  Miller  was  known  to  be  the  author  of  it — the  dis- 
turbance was  so  great  that  not  one  word  of  it  was 
heard — Garrick  has  borrowed  the  outlines  of  Lethe 
from  this  piece — the  Hospital  for  Fools  was  not  acted 
on  the  16th,  but  on  the  lyth  it  was  advertised  again 
as  being  generally  insisted  on  by  the  last  night's 
audience — it  was  not  acted  a  3d  time. 

16.    She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not.     Hypolita  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard. 


604  D.  L.    1739-1740. 

19.  Henry  4th,  part  1st.    Glendower  =  Chapman : 
Vernon  =  Cashel :  Northumberland  =  Taswell. 

20.  Henry  4th  part  2d.     Pistol  =  Yates. 

21.  Constant  Couple.     Dicky  =  Yates. 

23.  Not  acted  12  years,  Chances.  Don  John  = 
Giffard  :  Don  Frederick  =  Wright :  Petruchio  = 
Berry:  Duke  =  Havard:  Antonio  =  Pinkethman ": 
Anthony  =  Woodward  :  Peter  =  Yates  :  1st  Con- 
Btantia=Mrs.  Giffard  :  2d  Constantia  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
Landlady  =  Mrs.  Grace  :  Mother  in  law  =  Mrs.  Mar- 
shall. 

28.  Com  us — acted  8  times  successively. 

Dec.  8.  Confederacy.  Brass  =  Mackli n  :  Dick  = 
Chapman:  Moneytrap  =  Griffin  :  Gripe  =  Turbutt : 
Clarissa  =  Mrs.  Butler :  Flippanta  =  Mrs.  Clive :  Ara- 
minta  =  Mrs.  Pritchard :  Corinna  =  Mrs.  Chetvvood : 
Mrs.  Amlet  =  Mrs.  Macklin: — the  bill  does  not  notice 
this  as  her  first  appearance,  but  it  seems  to  have 
been  so. 

10.  Squire  of  Alsatia.     Sir  William   Belfond  = 
Macklin:   Squire rr Chapman  :    Belfond Jun.  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Sir  Edward  Belfond  =  Quin  :  Lolpoop  =  Tur- 
butt:  Cheatly  =  Woodward  :   Ruth  =  Mrs.  Macklin: 
Isabella  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

1 1 .  Julius  Caesar.     Antony  =  Wright :  Cassi us  = 
Mil  ward. 

14.  Committee.  Ruth  =  Mrs.  Pritchard:  Mrs. 
Day  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

17.    Macbeth.     Macbeth  =  Quin  :    Macduff=  Mil- 
ward  :  Banquo  =  Mills  :  Lenox  =  Wright  :  Malcolm 
=  Havard  :    1st  Murderer  =  Turbutt :    Witches  = 
Griffin,  Macklin  and  Shepherd :    Lady  Macbeth  = 
Mrs.  Butler:  Lady  Macduff  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 


D.  L.  1739-1740.  605 

22.  Not  acted  4  years,  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume 
=  Mills  :  Brazen  =  Chapman  :  Balance  =  Quin :  Kite 
=  Berry  :  Bullock  =  Macklin  :  Worthy  —  Havard  : 
Coster  Pearmain  =  Woodward :  Sylvia  =  Mrs.  M ills  : 
Meliuda  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Rose  =  Mrs.  Chetwood  : 
Lucy  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

26.  Not  acted  3  years,  Tempest.  Prospero  = 
Berry:  Caliban  =  Johnson  :  Ferdinand  =  Ridout : 
Trincalo  =  Macklin  :  Hippolito  =  Mrs.  Mills  :  Ste- 
phanos Shepherd  :  Mustacho  =  Woodward  :  Ariel 
=  Miss  Cole:  Miranda  =  Mrs.  Walter  :  Dorinda  = 
Mrs.  Clive. 

31.  Siege  of  Damascus.  Eudocia  =  Mrs.  Giffard  : 
—with,  never  acted,  Briton's  Strike  Home,  or  the 
Sailor's  Rehearsal.  Captain  Briton  =  Berry  :  Lieu- 
tenant Meanwell  =  Macklin  :  Dapperwit  (a  critic)  = 
Woodward  :  Sir  John  Freehold  —  Winstone  :  Export 
=  Turbutt :  Capstern  =  Marten :  Foremast  =  Ridout : 
Bowsprit  =  Yates  :  Father  Dominique  =  Taswell  : 
Miss  Kitty  (daughter  to  Sir  John)  =  Mrs.  Clive  : — 
this  musical  piece  was  written  by  Edward  Phillips — 
the  scene  lies  in  the  great  cabin  on  board  the  St. 
Joseph,  a  Spanish  ship  lately  taken  by  the  English — 
Sir  John  Freehold — Export — Dapperwit  and  Miss 
Kitty  are  visitors  to  Capt.  Briton — Meanwell  has 
written  a  little  piece  which  is  rehearsed— it  consists 
of  3  or  4  detached  scenes — they  have  all  of  them 
some  reference  to  the  taking  of  the  St.  Joseph,  and 
are  full  of  clap-traps — Briton  acts  an  English  Captain 
—Miss  Kitty  acts  Donna  Americana — Foremast  and 
Bowsprit  are  Don  Guarda  Costa,  and  Don  Superbo 
Hispaniolo  Pistole — by  the  latter  part  is  meant  the 


606  D.  L.  1739-1740. 

King  of  Spain — Britons  Strike  Home  was  revived  at 
D.  L.  March  <2J  1779. 

Jan.  2.  Henry  8th.  Surry  =  Chapman  :  Cromwell 
=  Cashel  :  Anne  Bullen=Mrs.  Pritchard. 

7.  Tender  Husband.     Tipkin  =  Griffin. 

11.  Recruiting  Officer.     Rose  —  Miss  Jane  Hip- 
pisley,  being  her  1st  appearance  on  any  stage  : — She 
made  her  1st  appearance  at  C.  G.  March  18  1735. 

12.  ^Esop.     Mrs.  Fruitful  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 
15.  Orphan.     Florella  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

17«  Julius  Csesar.  A n tony  =  Wright :  Cassius  — 
Milward. 

19.  Distressed  Mother.  Orestes  =  Milward  : 
Pyrrhus  =  Mills  :  Andromache  =  Mrs.  Roberts  :  Her- 
mione  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  —  with  Fortune-Tellers  4th 
time.  Mother  =  Mr.  Yates. 

23.  Hamlet — a  violent  riot  took  place  on  this  even- 
ing, in  consequence  of  Fleetwood's  gross  imprudence 
—he  produced  a  new  Pantomime  which  was  to  end 
as  usual  with  a  grand  Dance — Madame  Chateauneuf, 
the  French  Dancer,  being  ill,  the  Dance  could  not 
take  place,  and  yet  the  Manager  published  her  name 
three  nights  running  without  the  least  apology — the 
first  night  the  audience  were  pretty  quiet,  the  2d 
they  only  hissed,  but  the  3d  they  ushered  out  the 
ladies,  and  then  went  to  work  with  the  house  ;  a 
noble  Marquis  proposed  to  fire  it,  but  that  motion 
being  carried  in  the  negative,  they  began  with  the 
Orchestra,  broke  the  Harpsicord  and  Base- Viols, 
broke  all  the  looking-glasses,  pulled  up  the  benches 
in  the  Pit,  broke  down  the  Boxes  and  the  King's 
Arms  —  the  next  morning  the  Marquis,  when  he 
came  to  his  cooler  senses,  sent  an  hundred  pound 


n.  L.   1739-1740.  607 

bank  note  to  the  house  for  his  share  of  the  damages ; 
the  Manager  was  advised  to  pocket  that  money  and 

to  make  up  the  deficiency  himself Thus  Victor 

— but  he  is  not  quite  correct — it  was  not  till  the  7th 
night  of  the  Fortune-Tellers  that  the  riot  took  place 
— on  the  4th  of  Feb.  the  Pantomime  was  brought 
forward  again. 

24,  25,  26.  No  play  in  consequence  of  the  riot  on 
the  23d — the  M.S.    in  the    B.  M.  says  that  Mons. 
Deynoya  was  announced  to  dance  with  Madame  Cha- 
teauneuf,  and  that  he  also  did  not  appear. 
31.  Shepherd  acted  the  Spanish  Fryar. 
Feb.   2.    Old   Batchelor.      Sir  Joseph   Wittol  = 
Woodward :  Setter  =  Macklin :  Lucy = Mrs.  Macklin : 
Mrs.  Grace  acted  Lucy  Nov.  1. 
7-  Mother  in  Law.     Belina=:  Mrs.  Pritchard. 
8.  Double  Gallant.     Wish  well  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 
13.  (and  14)  Not  acted   12  years,  Don  John,  or 
the  Libertine  Destroyed.  Don  John  =  Mills  :  Jacomo 
=  Macklin  :  1st  Peasant  =  Yates  :  Statue  =  Taswell : 
Leonora  =  Mrs.  Pritchard:  Maria  =  Mrs.  Mills. 
16.  Unhappy  Favourite.     Essex  =  Milward. 
18.  Oronooko.  Daniel  =  Woodward  :  Mrs.  Lackit 
=  Mrs.  Macklin. 

23.  Never  acted,  Elmerick,  or  Justice  Triumphant. 
Elrnerick  =  Quin  :  Conrade=  Milward:  King =M ills  : 
Bathori  (father  to  Ismena)  =  Wright :  Queen  =  Mrs. 
Butler:  Ismena  (wife  to  Elmerick)  =  Mrs.  Mills  : — 
acted  6  times — in  the  1st  act,  Andrew  the  2d,  King 
of  Hungary,  commonly  called  Andrew  of  Jerusalem, 
sets  off  for  the  Holy  Land — he  invests  Elmerick 
with  the  supreme  authority  during  his  absence— 
Conrade,  the  Prince  of  Moravia,  comes  to  Buda  on 


608  D.  L.  1739-1740. 

a  visit  to  the  Queen,  who  is  his  sister — Conrade  is 
in  love  with  Ismena — the  Queen  falls  in  love  with 
Elmerick — he  declines  her  solicitations,  but  does  not 
wish  to  expose  her — on  the  entrance  of  Conrade, 
the  Queen  accuses  Elmerick  of  having  made  an  at- 
tempt on  her  honour — Conrade  and  Elmerick  fight 
— Conrade  is  disarmed — the  Queen  decoys  Ismena 
to  her  apartments  by  a  pretended  message  from  El- 
merick— Conrade  ravishes  Ismena — she  relates  what 
had  happened  to  her,  first  to  her  father,  and  then  to 
her  husband — in  the  5th  act,  Elmerick  demands  an 
audience  of  the  Queen — she  treats  him  with  insolence, 
and  boasts  that  she  was  the  cause  of  Ismena's  ruin 
—the  ministers  of  justice,  by  Elmerick's  command, 
strangle   the   Queen  —  Conrade  had  overtaken  the 
King — the  King  returns  much  prejudiced  against  El- 
merick —  Elmerick   convinces  him   of  the   Queen's 
guilt — Ismena  dies  of  grief — Conrade  kills  himself — 
the  King  sets  off  afresh  for  the  Holy  Land,   after 
having  again  made  Elmerick  his  deputy — this  is  a 
posthumous  T.  by  Lillo — it  is  a  good  play  both  as  to 
plot  and  language — yet  it  is  liable  to  one  serious  ob- 
jection, Elmerick,  in  putting  the  Queen  to  death 
without  a  trial,  acts  contrary  to  the  strict  notions  of 
justice,  which  he  professes  to  make  the  basis  of  his 
conduct — the  part  of  Elmerick  seems  to  have  been 
exactly  suited  to  Quin's  style  of  acting. 

26.  For  the  bt.  of  the  author's  poor  relations  and 
by  command  of  the  Prince  and  Princess  of  Wales. 
Elmerick  3d  time. 

March  8.  Pilgrim.  Stuttering  Servant  =  Yates  : 
—and  Rosamond.  King  Henrys  Beard  :  Sir  Trusty 
=  Reinhold  :  Page  =  Miss  Edwards  :  Queen  =  Mrs. 


D.  L.   1739-1740.  609 

Arne  :  Rosamond  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Grideline  =  Mrs. 
Jones  : — acted  about  9  times. 

13.  Quin's  bt.  Julius  Caesar.  Antony  =  Wright : 
Cassius  =  Milward  :  — with  Virgin  Unmasked. 

17.  Mrs.  Clive's  bt.  Way  of  the  World.  Mira- 
bell  =  Mil  ward:  Fainall  =  Mills  :  Witwou'd  =  Chap- 
man :  Sir  Wilful  Witwou'd  =  Turbutt :  Petulant  = 
M acklin  :  Waitwell  =  Shepherd  :  Millamant  =  Mrs. 
Clive :  Mrs.  Marwood  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Lady  Wishfort 
=  Mrs.  Macklin  :  Mrs.  Fainall  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : 
Foible  =  Mrs.  Bennett. 

20.  Mil  ward's  bt.     Not  acted  3  years,  Timon  of 
Athens.     Timon  =  Milward  :  Apemantus  =  Quin  : 
Alcibiades  =  Mills  :    Poet  =  Woodward  :    ^Elius  = 
Johnson  :  Evandra  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Melissa  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard: — with  Mock  Lawyer  =  Chapman. 

22.  Bold  Stroke  for  a  Wife.  Obediah  Prim  = 
Taswell :  Mrs.  Prim  —  Mrs.  Macklin  : — rest  as  Jan. 
13  1739. 

25.  Mrs.  Giffard's  bt.  Conscious  Lovers.  Tom 
=  Giffard  :  Cimberton  =  Taswell :  Indiana  =  Mrs. 
Giffard  :  Isabella  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  : — rest  as  Jan.  27 
1738. 

27.  Mrs.  Roberts  played  Calista  for  her  bt. 

April  9-  Beard's  bt.  Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry 
Wildair  =  Giffard  :  Lady  Lurewell  =  Mrs.  Giffard  : — 
with  Devil  to  Pay.  Nell  =  Mrs.  Roberts. 

15.  Giffard's  bt.  Careless  Husband — with  Lethe 
1st  time.  jEsop  =  Taswell :  Mercury  =  Beard  : 
Charon  =  Martin  :  Drunken  Man  =  Macklin  :  Beau 
=  Woodward  :  Attorney  =  Turbutt :  Mr.  Thomas  = 
Raftor  :  Lady— Miss  Bennett:  Miss  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Clive  : — with  a  Prologue  and  Epilogue. 

VOL.  III.  R  R 


610  D.  L.  1739-1740. 

16.  Mrs.  Butler's  bt.  Lady's  last   Stake.      Lord 
George  Brilliant  =  Chapman  :     Hartshorn  =  Mrs. 
Macklin. 

17.  Macklin's  bt.  Miser.      Lovegold  =  Macklin : 
Ramilie   is   omitted : — with    Tom   Thumb.      Tom 
Thumb  =  Miss  Cole  :    King  =  Turbutt :    Grizzle  = 
Winstone  :  Noodle  =  Woodward  :  Doodle  =  Green  : 
Ghost  =  Yates  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Bennett :    Princess  = 
Mr.  Taswell  :  Glumdalca  =  Mr.  Martin. 

19.  Mrs.  Pritchard's  bt.  Conscious  Lovers.     Tom 
=  Macklin  :  Indiana  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

21.  Chapman    acted   Tattle  and  Lord  Lace  for 
his  bt. 

22.  Mrs.  Mills'  bt.  Not  acted  7  years,  Funeral. 
Lord  Hardy  =  Mil  ward  :  Trim  =  Macklin  :  Campley 
=  Mills:   Sable  =  Johnson  :  Trusty  =. Berry :  Puzzle 
=  Shepherd  :  Tom  =  Yates  :  Lady  Brumpton  =  Mrs. 
Roberts  :  Lady  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Mills  :   Lady  Chariot 
=  Mrs.  Butler:    Tattleaid  =  Mrs.   Macklin:    Kate 
Matchlock  =  Mr.    Martin  : — with  Devil    to    Pay. 
Nell  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

23.  Wright's  bt.  Merry  Wives — between  the  acts 
will  be  introduced — never  acted  before — Polite  Con- 
versation in  two  dramatic  dialogues  written  by  D— 
Swift — end  of  act  2d  Morning  or  Tea  Chat — end  of 
the  play  Noon  or  Table-talk  a  la  mode.     Neverout  = 
Woodward  :  Lord  Smart  =  Taswell :  Lord  Sparkish 
=  Yates  :  Col.  Atwit  =  Wright :    Sir  John  Linger = 
Macklin  :  Miss  Notable  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Lady  Smart  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Lady  Answerall  =  Miss  Bennet. 

24.  Love's  last    Shift.       Sir   Novelty   Fashion  = 
Macklin  :  Snap  =  Chapman  :  Sly  =  Yates. 

25.  Vintner  in  the  Suds — this  is  the  Match    in 


D.  L.  1739-1740.  Gil 


Newgate  cut  clcwn  to  one  act.     Mrs.  Mixum  = 
Macklin. 

28.  Harper's  bt.  Country  Wife.     Sir  Jasper  Fidget 
=  Macklin  :  Harcourt  =  Wright  :  -  Harper  returns 
thanks  for  his  last  bt.  and  says  he  is  still  indisposed. 

29.  Woodward's  bt.  Relapse.     Lord  Foppington  = 
Woodward:  Lory  =  Macklin. 

May  2.  Berry's  bt.  Mourning  Bride.  King  = 
Berry  :—  rest  as  Feb.  10  1738. 

6.  Shepherd's  bt.  Provoked  Husband.  Sir  Fran- 
cis Wronghead  =  Macklin  :  Count  Basset  =  Chap- 
man :  John  Moody  =  Winstone,  who  had  tickets:  — 
Shepherd  did  not  act  —  see  Feb.  2  1738.  • 

9.  Never  acted  there,  for  the  bt.  of  Havard  the 
author,  an  historical  play  written  in  imitation  of 
Shakspeare  —  (the  name  of  the  play  is  purposely 
omitted  —  lines  of  stars  are  printed  instead)  —  Fairfax 
=  Havard  :  King  Charles  =  Giffard  :  Oliver  Crom- 
well =  Wright  :  Bishop  Juxon  =  Ridout  :  Richmond 
=  Woodward  :  Lindsey  r=  Green  :  Ireton  =  Taswell  : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Giffard  :  Lady  Fairfax  =  Mrs.  Roberts  : 
-  Havard  was  quite  right  to  inform  the  public  that 
King  Charles  the  1st  was  written  in  imitation  of 
Shakspeare,  as  no  one  could  otherwise  have  disco- 
vered that  circumstance. 

12.  Yates  acted  Gripus  -  he  acted  Razor  on 
the  20th. 

17.  Walker's  bt.  Beggar's  Opera.  Macheath  = 
Walker  :  Peach  um  =  Macklin  :  Lockit  =  Turbutt  : 
Filch  =  Raftor  :  Polly  =  Mrs.  Clive:  Lucy  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard  :  Mrs.  Peachum  =  Mrs.  Marshall  :  Diana 
Trapes  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

n  K  2 


612  D.  L.   1739-1740. 

29.  Mock  Doctor.     Hellebore  =  Yates  :  Dorcas  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard. 

30.  Henry  8th— last  play. 

Bills  from  Mr.  Field's  collection — some  few  of  these 
bills  are  without  the  dates — the  Manuscript  in  B.  M. 
has  little  more  than  the  names  of  the  plays — it  has 
however  assisted  in  fixing  the  dates  of  Mr.  Field's 
bills. 

Arminius — this  play  was  cast,  but  not  acted. 
Arminitis(in  love  with  Artesia)  =  Milward  :  Segestes 
rzQuin:  Quintilius  Varus  (the  Roman  General)  = 
Mills  :  Sigismund  (son  to  Segestes — in  love  with 
Hermenia)  "=  Wright :  Egbert  =  Cashell :  Artesia 
(daughter  to  Segestes — in  love  with  Arminius)  = 
Mrs.  Mills  :  Hermenia  (sister  to  Arminius — in  love 

with  Sigismund)  =  Mrs.   Butler : Arminius  and 

Segestes  are  Princes  of  different  nations  in  Ger- 
many —  Segestes  had  promised  his  daughter  to 
Arminius — he  had  afterwards  become  an  ally  of  the 
Romans — this  was  chiefly  owing  to  his  jealousy  of 
the  superiour  influence  of  Arminius  with  their  coun- 
trymen— at  the  opening  of  the  play,  Segestes  endea- 
vours to  prevail  on  Artesia  to  marry  Varus,  who  is 
in  love  with  her — Arminius  comes  to  the  camp  of 
Segestes  under  a  promise  of  safety — Segestes  detains 
him  as  a  prisoner — Arminius  is  released  by  Egbert 
at  the  request  of  Sigismund — but  before  he  can 
regain  his  own  camp,  he  falls  into  the  hands  of  the 
Roman  soldiers — Varus  behaves  in  the  most  honour- 
able manner — he  considers  that  Arminius  is  not 
fairly  a  prisoner  of  war — he  gives  him  his  liberty— 
and  declares  that  he  will  not  receive  the  hand  of 


D.L.  1739-1740.  613 

Artesia  without  her  own  consent — a  battle  ensues 
between  the  Romans  and  Germans — the  Romans 
are  completely  defeated — Varus  kills  himself — Seges- 
tes  is  going  to  follow  his  example,  but  is  prevented 
by  his  son — Arminius  enters  and  the  play  ends 
happily  so  far  as  he  and  his  friends  are  concerned— 
this  T.  was  written  by  Paterson — it  is  on  the  whole 
a  moderate  play — in  the  2d  act,  there  are  some  fine 
lines — 

"  What  woes  attend  on  war  !  when  the  dire  God 

"  Rides  forth  in  red  array !  around  him  rage, 

"  Despair  and  ruin  ;  at  his  iron  wheels 

"  Captivity  is  draggM ;  and  in  his  train 

"  Come  rav'ning  famine  and  devouring  plague. 

"  Before  him  should  luxuriant  nature  pour 

"  Her  richest  treasures  ;  lo  !  he  comes,  he  treads, 

"  And  waste  behind  him  lies  the  howling  desart. 

"  Such  are  the  fruits  of  war  !" 

The  scene  lies  in  the  united  camp  of  Varus  and 
Segestes,  near  the  forest  of  Teutberg  in  Germany — 
the  Germans  are  too  well  acquainted  with  the  Roman 
history,  arid  Paterson  seems  to  have  been  guilty  of 
an  impropriety  in  making  Varus  propose  to  marry 
Artesia — a  Roman  General  was  not  very  likely  to 
marry  a  German* — much  the  same  thing  is  done  in 
the  Briton — for  the  death  of  Varus  see  Velleius  Pa- 
terculus  —  Tacitus  tells  us  that  Segestes  was  ut 
enmity  with  Arminius  (among  other  reasons)  because 


*  Virgil  says  of  Antony — 

Sctjuiturgtte  (nefas)  ^Egyptia  conjiuc. 


614  D.  L.  173C-1740. 

he  had  taken  his  daughter  from  him  by  force,  tho* 
she  was  engaged  to  another. 

For  Alfred  as  acted  at  Clifden  Aug.  1 — see  D.  L. 
Feb.  23  1751. 

Benjamin  Griffin's  name  seems  to  have  bsen  in 
the  bill  for  the  last  time  on  Feb.  12th,  as  Day  in  the 
Committee. 

The  Gent.'s  Magazine  for  March  speaks  of  Griffin 
as  lately  dead  and  adds  that  he  was  a  worthy  man 
and  an  excellent  actor — Victor  speaks  highly  of  him 
in  Sir  Hugh  Evans  and  Sir  Paul  Plyant — he  made 
the  latter  a  finished  character,  his  silly  important 
look  always  excited  laughter  whenever  he  appeared. 

Da  vies  says — "  Griffin  arid  Johnson  were  much 
"  admired  in  Tribulation  and  Ananias  in  the  Alche- 
"  mist,  there  was  an  affected  softness  in  the  former, 
"  which  was  finely  contrasted  by  the  fanatical  fury 
"  of  the  latter ;  Griffin's  features  seemed  ready  to  be 
"  relaxed  into  a  smile,  while  the  stiff  muscles  and 
"  fierce  eye  of  Johnson  admitted  of  no  suppleness 
"  or  compliance — there  is  still  to  be  seen  a  fine  print 
"  of  them  in  these  characters,  which  has  a  striking 
"  resemblance  to  them  both." 

General  Advertiser  April  5  1748.  The  picture  of 
the  late  inimitable  Griffin  and  Johnson  painted  by 
Mr.  Van  Bluck  of  C.  G.  in  the  characters  of  Tribu- 
lation and  Ananias  in  the  Alchemist,  so  much 
esteemed  for  the  likeness  of  feature  and  lively  repre- 
sentation of  the  attitudes  has  lately  been  taken  off  in 
Metzotinto,  and  is  now  published.  ( B.  M.) 


D.  L.  1739-1740.  615 


Griffin's  characters — selection  only. 

L.  I.F.  1714-1715.  *  Sterling  in  Perplexed  Lovers. 

1715-1716.  *Mother  Griffin  in  Woman's  Revenge 
— *Dorcas  Guzzle  in  Cobler  of  Preston  — *Don 
Lopez  in  Humours  of  Purgatory — Polonius — Gripe 
in  Woman  Captain. 

1716-1717.  Shylocli  in  Je;v  of  Venice. 

1717-1718.  *Simon  Pure  in  Bold  Stroke  £br  a 
Wife. 

1718-1719.  Gomez  in  Spanish  Fryar. 

1719-1720.    Foresight  —  Alphonso  in  Pilgrim  - 
*Fluellin  in  Half-pay  Officers — *Sir  John  Indolent 
in  Whig  and  Tory. 

1720-1721.  Sir  Hugh  Evans— Scruple  in  Cheats. 

D.  L.  1721-1722.  Abel  in  Committee— Tribulation 
in  Alchemist — Gripus  in  Amphitryon — Don  Manuel 
in  She  wou'd  and  She  wou'd  not. 

1722-1723.  *Watchit  in  Artifice— *Cimberton  in 
Conscious  Lovers — Lord  Plausible  in  Plain  Dealer. 

1725-1726.  Calianax  in  Maid's  Tragedy. 

1726. 1727.  Sir  Thomas  Rash  in  Country  Wit. 

1727-1728.  *Camillo  in  Double  Falsehood. 

1728-1729.  Sir  John  English  in  Country  Lasses. 

1729-1730.  ^Conundrum  in  Humours  of  Oxford. 

1730-1731.  Lance  in  Wit  without  Money — Clack 
in  Jovial  Crew — Scrub— Justice  Silence  in  Henry  4th. 

1731-1732.  Sir  Jasper  Fidget  in  Country  Wife- 
Lord  Sands — Sir  Francis  Gripe — Sir  Oliver  Cock- 
wood  in  She  wou'd  if  She  cou'd — Old  Woman  in 
Rule  a  Wife. 


616  c.  G.    1739-1740. 

1732.1733.  *Lovegold  in  Miser— Barnaby  Brittle 
in  Amorous  Widow. 

1733.1734.  Sir  Francis  Wronghead. 
1734-1735.  Fondlewife— Tipkin  in  Tender  Hus- 
band— Sir  Politick  Wou'dbe  in  Volpone. 

1735-1736.  Sir  Paul  Plyant. 

1736-1737.  Sir  Tristram  Cash  in  Wife's  Relief. 

1737-1738.  Learchus  in  Msop — Moneytrap. 

1738-1739.  Gardener  in  Drummer  —  Obediah 
Prim. 

In  1715  Griffin  acted  at  Richmond  a  part  of  some 
importance  in  his  own  Tragedy,  called  Injured  Virtue 
— this  was  only  an  alteration  of  Massinger's  Virgin 
Martyr. 

*   Originally. 


C.  G.  1739-1740. 

Sep.  5.  Conscious  Lovers.  Tom  =  Cibber  Jun. : 
Bevil^Hale. 

7.  Recruiting  Officer.     Brazen  =  Cibber  Jun. 

10.  Rule  a  Wife  and  Dragon  of  Wantley. 

12.  Double  Dealer.     Brisk  =  Cibber  Jun. 

14.  Provoked  Husband  with,  not  acted  10  years, 
Strollers.  Buskin  =  Cibber  Jun. :  Sir  Barnaby 
Birulover  =  Arthur :  Capt.  Carbine  =  Hale  :  Maca- 


c.  G.  1739-1740.  617 

hone  =  Neale  :  Betty  Kimbow  =  Mr.  Bridgewater  : 
Fidelia  =  Miss  Brunette. 

15.  Mariamne  and  Strollers. 

17.  Old  Batchelor.  Bellmour  =  Gibson,  his  1st 
appearance  in  a  public  theatre  : — with  Mock  Doctor. 
Gregory  =  Cibber  Jun.  :  Welch  Davy  —  Hippisley. 

19.  Busy  Body.     Marplot  =  Cibber  Jun. 

21.  Theodosius  and  Margery. 

22.  Double  Gallant.     Atall  =  Cibber  Jun. 

25.  Way  of  the  World.     Witwou'd  =  Cibber  Jun. 

27.  Henry  4th  part  1st.     Falstaff  =  Stephens. 

28.  Constant  Couple.      Beau  Clincher  =  Cibber 
Jun. 

29.  Mrs.  Woodward  from  Edinburgh  made  her 
1st  appearance  in  Roxana. 

Oct.  2.  Careless  Husband — as  Aug.  21 — with 
Devil  to  Pay.  Jobson  =  Mullart :  Nell  =  Mrs.  Vincent. 

3.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Clodio  =  Cibber  Jun. : 
Angelina  —  Mrs.  Hale,  her  1st  appearance  there. 

5.  Mistake.     Metaphrastus  =  Neale. 

6.  Fair  Penitent.     Horatio  =  Hale. 

8.  Love's  last  Shift.    Sir  Novelty  Fashion  =  Cibber 
Jun. :  Young  Worthy  =  Hale. 

9.  All  for  Love.     Dolabella^Hale. 

10.  Never  acted  there,  Rehearsal.    Bayes  =  Cibber 
Jun.  :  Johnson  —  Ryan :  Smith  =  Delane  : — the  other 
characters  by  Hippisley,  Bridgewater,  Hale,  Rosco, 
&c. — this  play  was  acted  10  times  successively,  and 
several  times  afterwards. 

22.  King  John 23.  Richard  2d. 

26.  Fair  Quaker 30.  Emperor  of  the  Moon. 

29.  London  Cuckolds.     Townly^Hale. 


618  c.  G.  1739-1740. 

Nov.  2.  Venice  Preserved.  Belvidera  =  Mrs.  Hal- 
lam. 

5.  Tamerlane.     Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

10.  Never  acted  there,  Man  of  the  Mode.  Sir 
Fopling  Flutter  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Dorimant  =  Ryan  : 
Medley  =  Delane  :  Old  Bellair  =  Hippisley :  Young 
Bellair  =  Hallam  :  Shoemaker  rrNeale  :  Mrs.  Loveit 
=  Mrs.  Horton  :  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Emilia  = 
Mrs.  Bellamy  :  Pert  =  Miss  Brunette  :  Orangewoman 
=  Mr.  Stoppelear  : — repeated  on  12th. 

17.  Hamlet.     Queen  =  Mrs.  Hallam. 

Dec.  6.  Hyde's  bt.  Henry  4th  part  2d.  Falstaff 
=  Hyde  :  Pistol  =  Gibber  Jun. 

10.  Never  acted  there,  a  dramatic  Opera  called  the 
Island  Princess,  or  Generous  Portuguese.  Armusia 
=  Ryan :  Ruidias  =  Hale  :  King  of  Tedore  =  Delane : 
Governour  —  Johnson :  Pymero  =  Gibson  :  Citizens  = 
Hippisley,  Neale,  &c. :  Quisara  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

15.  Strategem.     Aim  well  =  Hale. 

21.  Lottery.     Jack  Stocks  =  Gibber  Jun. 

22.  Oronooko 29.  False  Friend. 

Jan.  10.  Funeral.     Trim  =  Gibber  Jun. 

15.  (Edipus.  CEdipus  =  Delane:  Jocasta  =  Mrs. 
Hallam. 

Feb.  6.  Henry  4th  part  2d.  Falstaff  =  Bridge  water. 

12.  Orpheus  and  Eury dice  (seemingly)  1st  time — 
this  Entertainment  was  very  successful — the  descrip- 
tion of  it  occupied  the  bills  for  a  considerable  time, 
and  the  Plays  were  advertised  without  the  characters. 

The  principal  performer  wanted  on  this  occasion 
was  a  serpent  to  kill  Eurydice — Rich  was  justly 
anxious  about  a  point  of  so  much  consequence,  and 


c.  G.    1739-1740.  619 

an  ingenious  artist  answered  his  most  ardent  hopes 
— the  artist  was  intoxicated  with  his  success ;  and 
turned  his  hands  and  head  to  nothing  else  but  ser- 
pents— the  public  curiosity  was  satisfied  with  cne 
serpent,  and  he  had  nests  of  them  yet  unsold ;  his 
stock  lay  dead  upon  his  hands,  his  trade  was  lost  and 
the  man  was  ruined,  bankrupt  and  undone.  (Cum- 
berland.} 

Orpheus  and  Eurydice,  as  acted  at  C.  G.,  was  pub- 
lished in  1739.  Persons  in  the  Opera.  Orpheus  = 
Sal  way  :  Pluto  —  Leveridge  :  Ascalax  (his  attendant) 
=  Laguerre :  Eurydice  (wife  to  Orpheus)  =  Miss 
Young :  Rhodope  (Queen  of  Thrace,  practising  art 
magick)  =  Mrs.  Lampe  : — Comic  characters — Harle- 
quin =  Lun :  Pantaloon  =  Grimaldi :  Squire  Gaw- 
key  =  Bencraft :  Drudge  (servant  to  Pantaloon)  = 
Hippisley  :  Columbine  =  Mrs.  Kilby:  Mrs.  Manner- 
ly (mother  to  Gawkey)  =  Mrs.  Martin: — this  piece 
is  attributed  to  Theobald — it  deserves  some  notice, 
as  it  shows  us  the  nature  of  Rich's  Entertainments. 

Interlude  1st.  Rhodope  makes  love  to  Orpheus — 
he  rejects  her  love — she  is  enraged — "  A  Serpent 
"  appears,  who  receives  Rhodope's  commands,  and, 
"  those  ended,  glides  off  the  stage" — Here  the  comic 
part  begins — when  the  Opera  is  resumed,  a  scene 
takes  place  between  Orpheus  and  Eurydice — Eury- 
dice's  heel  is  pierced  by  the  serpent,  behind  the 
scenes — she  dies  on  the  stage — after  which  the  comic 
part  is  continued. 

Interlude  2d.     Scene  Hell  —  Pluto,  &c.  enter  - 
Orpheus  prevails  on  Pluto  to  restore  Eurydice  to  him 
—Ascalax  tells  Orpheus  that  Eurydice  shall  follow 
him,  but  that  if  he  should  look  back  at  her,  before 


620  c.  G.  1739-1740. 

they  shall  have  passed  the  bounds  of  Hell,  she  will 
die  again  —  Orpheus  turns  back  to  look  for  Eurydice 
—  Fiends  carry  her  away  —  after  this,  the  comic  part 
is  resumed. 

Interlude  3d.  Orpheus  again  rejects  Rhodope's  so- 
licitations —  he  makes  his  exit  —  the  scene  draws  and 
discovers  Orpheus  slain  —  several  Baccants  enter  in  a 
triumphant  manner  —  they  bring  in  the  lyre  and  chap- 
let  of  Orpheus  —  Rhodope  stabs  herself  —  the  piece 
concludes  with  the  remainder  of  the  comic  part. 

There  is  a  celebrated  Song  on  the  story  of  Or- 
pheus and  Eurydice. 

1st. 

When  Orpheus  went  down  to  the  regions  below 

Which  men  are'forbidden  to  see, 

• 

He  tuned  up  his  lyre  as  old  histories  shew 

To  set  his  Eurydice  free  ; 
All  Hell  was  astonished  a  person  so  wise 

Should  rashly  endanger  hisjife, 
And  venture  so  far,  but  how  vast  their  surprise, 

When  they  heard  that  he  came  for  his  wife. 


To  find  out  a  punishment  due  to  the  fault 

Old  Pluto  long  puzzled  his  brain  ; 
But  Hell  had  not  torments  sufficient  he  thought 

So  he  gave  him  his  wife  back  again. 
But  pity  succeeding  soon  vanquished  his  heart, 

And  pleased  with  his  playing  so  well 
He  took  her  again  in  reward  of  his  art  ; 

Such  power  has  Music  in  Hell. 


C.G.   1739-1740.  621 

March  1.  Not  acted  4  years,  Woman's  Revenge — 
no  characters — Gibber  Jun.  probably  acted  Vizard. 

10.  For  bt.  of  Gibber  Jun.  Othello  (by  desire)  = 
Gibber  Jun. 

11.  Delane's  bt.  Henry  5th.     Pistol  =  Cibber  Jun. 
1st  time. 

18.  Ryan's  bt.  Committee.  Teague  =  Cibber  Jun. : 
Day  =  H  ippisley :  Obediah  =  Arthur. 

20.  Mrs.  Horton's   bt.    Conscious   Lovers    with 
Schoolboy  =  Cibber  Jun. 

22.  Not  acted  3  years,  Drummer — no  characters. 

27.  Hippisley's  bt.  Merry  Wives.  Falstaff  =  Ste- 
phens :  Ford  =  Ryan :  Sir  Hugh  =  Hippisley :  Dr. 
Caius = Mullart :  Slender — Neale  :  Shallow^  Arthur: 
Host  =  Rosco  :  Mrs.  Ford  =  Mrs.  Horton :  Mrs. 
Page  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

April  9.  Hallam's  bt.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Clo- 
dio  =  Cibber  Jun. 

14.  Bridgewater's  bt.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John 
Brute  =  Bridgewater  :  Constant  =  Hale :  Heartfree 
=  Ryan  :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs.  Vincent :  Lady  Brute 
nMrs.  Horton  1st  time. 

21.  Mrs.  Hallam's  bt.  Macbeth — she  had  been  ill 
—but  she  acted  Lady  Macbeth  on  this  evening. 

26.  Tom  Thumb  by  Master  Hippisley  his  1st  ap- 
pearance on  the  stage. 

May  2.  Neale's  bt.  She  wou'd  and  she  wou'd  not. 
Trappanti  =  Neale  :  Don  Manuel  =  Hippisley. 

23.  Never  acted  there,  London  Merchant.   George 
Barnwell   =   Cibber  Jun. :  Thorowgood  ~  Bridge- 
water  :  Millwood  =  Mrs.  Mullart :  with  Tom  Thumb. 
Tom  Thumb  =  Miss  Mullart :  Grizzle  : :  Hallam  : 


622  c.  G.  1739-1740. 

Queens  Mrs.  Woodward:  Huncamunca  =  Mrs.  Mul- 
lart :  Glumdalca=  Mr.  Bridgewater. 

June  5.  For  bt.  of  Gibber  Jun.  Rehearsal,  with  an 
Epilogue,  written  by  Jo.  Haines,  Comedian,  of  face- 
tious memory,  to  be  spoke  by  Mr.  Gibber  Jun., 
riding  on  an  Ass. 

At  the  bottom  of  the  bill,  there  is  an  advertisement 
from  Gibber  for  his  creditors  to  meet,  and  receive  a 
fourth  dividend  of  his  calary. 

June  10.  Rehearsal,  and  Orpheus  and  Eurydice — 
last  time  of  acting. 

13.  Rehearsal,  r.nd  Crpheus  and  Eurydice — posi- 
tively the  last  time  of  acting.  (Sills  from  Mr. 
Field.) 

It  does  not  appear  who  Mrs.  Hale  was  before  her 
marriage — it  is  evident  frcni  the  bill  for  Oct.  3,  that 
she  was  not  a  new  actress. 

Mrs.  Anne  Hallam  died,  or  was  too  ill  to  act 
before  the  next  season — She  was  an  actress  of  great 
•merit — her  principal  characters  in  Tragedy  were— 
Lady  Macbeth — Belvidera — Roxana — Queen  Eliza- 
beth— Zara  in  M.  B. — Evadne — Queen  in  Hamlet — • 
in  Comedy  she  excelled  in  Lady  Touchwood — Mrs. 

Marwood — Amanda,  &c. She  was  unhappy  in  a 

large  unweildy  person ;  notwithstanding  which  the 
Public  always  wished  to  see  her  in  characters  that 
were  not  suited  to  her  figure  ;  or  at  least  would  not 
suffer  her  to  resign  them.  (DaviesC) 

Davies  tells  us  that  Mrs.  Hallam  distinguished  her- 
self as  a  member  of  the  Norwich  company  when 
her  name  was  Parker — it  is  sufficiently  clear  that 
she  was  married  first  to  Berriman  and  then  to 


C.G.  1739-1740.  623 

Hallam  — see   end  of  L.   I.   F.   1726-172?  —  and 
Sept.  27  1731. 


Mrs.  Eallam's  characters — selection  only. 

L.  I.  F.  1723-1724.  As  Mrs.  Parker— Quisara  in 
Island  Princess — Arpasia  in  Tamerlane — Statira — 
Queen  in  Spanish  Fryar — Mariamne — Isabella  in 
Measure  for  Measure — Mrs.  Page — Almeyda  in 
Don  Sebastian. 

1724-1725.  Jocasta  in  CEdipus — Queen  in  Ricbard 
3d — Angellica  in  Rover. 

1725-1726.  Cordelia — Amanda  in  Love's  last  Shift 
— Lady  Touchwood — Clarissa  in  Confederacy — Lady 
Brute — Queen  Katharine. 

1726-1727.  As  Mrs.  Berriman — Roxana — Moni- 
mia — Queen  in  Hamlet — Lady  Macbeth — Belvidera 
— Portia  in  Jew  of  Venice. 

1727-1728.  Elvira  in  Love  makes  a  Man. 

1729-1730.  Lady  Raleigh  in  Sir  Walter  Raleigh- 
Evadne  in  Maid's  Tragedy. 

1730-1731.  Queen  Elizabeth  in  Unhappy  Favourite. 

1731-1732.  As  Mrs.  Hallam  — Delphia  in  Pro- 
phetess— Lady  Wronglove  in  Lady's  last  Stake. 

C.  G.  1732-1733.  Mrs.  Marwood— *Dutchess  of 
Malfy  in  Fatal  Secret  -  -  Evandra  in  Shadwell's 
Timon. 

1733-1734.  Lady  Easy — Isabella  in  Fatal  Marriage 
— Zara  in  M.  B. 

1734-1735.  Queen  Elizabeth  in  Albion  Queens — 


624  D.  L.  1740-1741. 

Lady  Cockwood  in  She  wou'd  if  she  cou'd— Her- 
mione  in  Distressed  Mother — Alicia. 

1736-1737.  Constance  in  King  John. 

1737.1738.  Octavia  in  All  for  Love— Joan  la 
Pucelle  in  Henry  6th  part  1st — Pulcheria  in  Theo- 
dosius — Queen  in  Cymbeline — Amanda  in  Relapse. 

1738-1739.  Rodogune  in  Royal  Convert. 

*   Originally. 


D.  L.  1740-1741. 

Sept.  6.  Hamlet.     Polonius  =  Taswell. 

9.  Love  for  Love  and  Miller  of  Mansfield.  Mil- 
ler =  Shepherd  :  Joe  =  Berry :  Peggy  =  Mrs.  Prit- 
chard. 

1 1 .  Oronooko  and  Devil  to  Pay.  Sir  John  Love- 
rule^Lowe,  his  1st  appearance  on  any  stage  :  Nell 
=  Mrs.  Clive. 

13.  Strategem.  Archer  =  Mills  :  Scrubs  Mack- 
lin  :  Aimwell  =  Milward  :  Boniface  =  Shepherd  : 
Foigard  =  Taswell :  Gibbet  =  Wood  ward  :  Mrs.  Sul- 
len =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Cherry  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

16.  Richard  3d 18.  Busy  Body. 

20.  Conscious  Lovers.  Young  Bevil  =  Milward  : 
Tom  =  Macklin  :  Cimberton  =  Taswell :  Sealand  = 


D.  L.   1740-1741.  625 

Berry :  Indiana  =  Mrs.  Pritchard :  Phillis  =  Mrs. 
Clive. 

23.  Recruiting  Officer.     Collier  =  Yates. 

25.  Old  Batchelor.  Fondlewife  =  Macklin  :  Set- 
ter =  Chapman. 

27.  Othello.     Desdemona  —  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

30.  Relapse.  Lord  Foppington  =  Macklin  :  Love- 
less —  Mil  ward  :  Lory  =  Woodward  :  Berinthia  — 
Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Miss  Hoyden  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

Oct.  2.  Committee.  Teague  =  Macklin  :  Obe- 
diah  =  Johnson :  Day  =  Shepherd :  Abel  =  Woodward  : 
Bookseller  =  Yates  :  Mrs.  Day  —  Mrs.  Macklin  : 
Ruth  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

4.  Julius  Caesar.  Antony  =  Wright :  Cassius  = 
Mil  ward. 

7.  Orphan.     Monimia  —  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

9.  Volpone.     Sir  Politick  Wou'dbe  =  Taswell. 

10.  Alchemist.     Able  Drugger  =  Chapman  :    Face 
=  Macklin  :  Ananias  =  Johnson  :  Tribulation  =  Tas- 
\vell :   Kastril  =  Woodward  :    Dol  Common  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard. 

11.  Silent  Woman.       Morose    =  Johnson :     Sir 
Amorous  la  Foole  =  Woodward  :    Truewit  =  Mills  : 
Capt.  Otter  —  Shepherd  :  Sir  John  Daw  =  Macklin  : 
Cutbeard  —  Chapman  :    Clerimont  =  Wright :    Dau- 
phine  =  Havard :    Epico3ne  =  Mrs.    Butler :    Mrs. 
Otter  =  Mrs.    Macklin  :     Lady    Haughty  =  Mrs. 
Pritchard. 

13.  Henry  4th  pt.  1st.     Hostess  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

14.  Henry  4th  pt.  2d.     Chief  Justice  =  Berry  : 
Pistol  =  Woodward  :    Silence  =  Taswell :    Hostess  =: 
Mrs.  Macklin. 

VOL.   III.  88 


626  D.  L.  1740-1741. 

15.  Merry  Wives.      Dr.   Caius  =  Taswell :    Mrs, 
Quickly  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

16.  Cato 23.  Confederacy. 

17.  Beggar's  Opera.     Macheath  =  Lowe  1st  time: 
Mrs.   Peachum  =  Mrs.    Macklin  : — acted    several 
times. 

22.  Mock  Doctor.  Gregory  =  Macklin  :  Dorcas  = 
Mrs.  Pritchard. 

27.  Unhappy  Favourite,   with  Rural   Sports,  and 
Strategems  of  Harlequin.     Toby  Guzzle  =  Macklin. 

28.  Tender  Husband.     Aunt  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

29.  Not  acted  20  years,  Royal  Merchant.      Gos- 
win  =  M  ilward  :  Clause  =  Quiri :    Wolfort  =  Wright : 
Hubert  =  Mills  :  Hempskirke  =  Havard  :    Vandunke 
=  Shepherd :    Prince   Prigg  =  Chapman  :     Orator 
Higgin  =  Macklin :  Boor  =  Woodward  :    Jaculine  = 
Mrs.  Bennett:  Bertha  =  Mrs.  Pritchard. 

Nov.  1.  Country  Wife 4  and  5.  Tamerlane. 

6.  Double  Gallant 7-  Bold  Stroke  for  a 

Wife. 

8.  Careless  Husband 10.  Henry  8th. 

11.  Provoked  Wife,  wih  Intriguing  Chambermaid. 
Col.  Bluff- Macklin:  Lettice  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

13.  Twin  Rivals 14.  Love's  last  Shift. 

19.  Not  acted  30  years,  CEdipus.  QEdipus  = 
Milward  :  Creon  =  Quin  :  Adrastus  =  Mills  :  Phor- 
bas  =  Wright:  Tiresias  =  Berry:  Citizens  =  Chap- 
man, &c. :  Jocasta  =  Mrs.  Roberts  :  Manto,  with 
the  Hymn  to  Apollo,  =  Mrs.  Clive  : — repeated  on 
20th  and  21st. 

28.  Tempest.     Ventoso  =  Woodward. 

29.  Not  acted  20  years,  Fond  Husband.     Bubble 
=  Chapman  :  Fumble  =  Johnson  :  Rashley  =  Mil- 


D.  L.  1740-1741.  627 

ward  :  Sneak  =  Woodward :  Emilia,  with  two  new 
songs  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Maria  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Cordelia 
=  Mrs.  Pritchard  : — seemingly  acted  but  once. 

Dec.  8.  Venice  Preserved.  Belvidera  =  Mrs. 
Roberts. 

15.  Plain  Dealer.  Lord  Plausible  =  Taswell  : 
Novel  =  Chapman  :  Freeman  =  Cashell :  Alderman 
=  Turbutt :  Widow  Blackacre  =  Mrs.  Macklin  : — see 
Jan.  14  1738. 

18.  Pilgrim.     Stuttering  Servant  =  Woodward. 

20.  Not  acted  40  years,  As  you  like  it.  Touch- 
stone =  Chapman :  Jaques  =  Quin  :  Orlando  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Amiens  =  Lowe  :  Adam  =  Berry  :  Oliver  = 
Cashell:  Duke  Sen.  =  Mills:  Duke  Frederick  = 
Wright :  Corin  =  Taswell :  Silvius  =  Woodward  : 
Rosalind  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Celia  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
Audrey  =  Mrs.  Egerton  :  Phoebe  =  Mrs.  Bennett:  — 
acted  about  25  times — As  you  like  it  as  altered  to 
Love  in  a  Forest  came  out  at  D.  L.  Jan.  9  17^3 — the 
original  play  had  probably  never  been  acted  since 
the  Restoration.  ( These  bills  from  Mr.  Field.} 

Jan.  15.  Never  acted  there,  Twelfth  Night — acted 
about  8  times. 

17.  Twelfth  Night.  Malvolio  =  Macklin :  Sir 
Andrew  Aguecheek=  Woodward  :  Sebastian  =  Mil- 
ward  :  Viola  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Oli via  =  Mrs.  Clive: 
— rest  omitted. 

Feb.  2.  Provoked  Husband. 

7.  Provoked  Husband.  Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Clive 
2d  time. 

14.  Merchant  of  Venice  was  revived  and  acted 
about  21  times — (1B.M.) — Macklin  resolved  to  revive 
this  play  in  opposition  to  the  Jew  of  Venice  altered 

8    S  2 


628  D.  L.  1740-1741. 

from  Shakspeare  by  Lord  Lansdown  ;  in  which  he 
had  made  Shylock  somewhat  of  a  Comic  character 
— Macklin  saw  from  the  first  that  Shylock  afforded 
a  wide  scope  for  the  display  of  his  abilities,  and  the 
exhibition  of  capital  acting ;  but  he  had  a  great  deal 
to  encounter  and  surmount — the  Jew  of  Venice  had 
for  many  years  been  received  with  approbation  ;  the 
actors   declared  he   would   spoil  the  performance  ; 
Quin  said  he  would  be  hissed  off  the  stage  for  his 
presumption  ;  and  Fleetwood  strenuously  urged  him 
to  abandon  his  resolution ;   but  Macklin,  infinitely 
to  the  credit  of  his  sound  and  acute  discrimination, 
continued  firm  to  his  purpose,  and  the  Merchant  of 
Venice  was  announced  for  representation.     Shylock 
—  Macklin :  Anthonio  —  Quin :  Bassanio  —  Mil  ward  : 
Gratiano  =  Mills  :  Launcelot  =  Chapman  :  Lorenzo 
rrHavard:  Gobbo  =  Johnson :  Morochius  =  Cashell : 
Prince   of  Arragon  =  Turbutt :    Tubal  =  Taswell : 
Portia  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Nerissa  =  Mrs.  Pritchard  :  Jes- 
sica =  Mrs.  Woodman  : — during  the  Rehearsal  Mack- 
lin did  not  let  any  person,  not  even  the  actors,  see 
how  he  intended  to  act  the  part ;  he  merely  repeated 
the  lines  of  the  character,  and  did  not  so  much  as 
by  one  single  look,  tone,  gesture  or  attitude,  disclose 
the  manner  in  which  he  meant  to  act  it — he  was  sure 
he  was  right,  but  he  was  not  quite  sure  of  the  kind 
of  reception  he  might  meet  with  ;  this  circumstance 
together   with   the  unfavourable  prognostics  of  the 
actors,  reduced  him  to  a  state  of  the  most  painful 
anxiety — the  theatre  was  crowded ;  when  Bassanio 
and  Shylock  entered  there  was  an  awful  silence ;  a 
pin  might  have  been  heard  if  dropt  upon  the  stage  ; 
Macklin  has  declared,  that  nothing  affected  him  so 


D.  L.   1740-1741.  629 

much  as  the  coolness  of  the  audience  at  his  entrance ; 
he  had  been  accustomed  to  be  received  with  plaudits, 
but  on  this  occasion  not  a  hand  moved  to  encourage 
him — when  however  he  had  finished  the  speech  in 
which  Shylock  declares  his  motives  of  antipathy  to 
Anthonio,  the  audience  suddenly  burst  out  into  a 
thunder  of  applause,  which  continued  louder  arid 
louder  to  the  end  of  the  play — never  was  a  performer's 
triumph  more  complete,  never  were  enemies  and 
opponents  more  confounded  and  abashed,  never  was 
a  Manager  more  agreeably  surprised — On  the  third 
night  Pope  exclaimed— 

This  is  the  Jew 

That  Shakspeare  drew.          (Kirkman.} 

From  this  time  Lansdown's  Jew  of  Venice  has 

been  consigned  to  oblivion May  Tate's  Lear  and 

Gibber's  Richard  the  3d  soon  share  the  same  fate  ! ! ! 

March  14.  Mrs.  dive's  bt.  Universal  Passion. 
Joculo  =  Macklin  : — with  Intriguing  Chambermaid. 

30.  Mrs.  Roberts  acted  Lady  Macbeth. 

April  1.  Twin  Rivals. 

3.  Julius  Caesar  with,  never  acted,  the  Blind  Beggar 
of  Bethnal  Green.  Blind  Beggar  =  Berry :  John 
Sly  (a  puritan)  =  Taswell :  Lord  Ranby  =  Ridout : 
Welford  =  Lowe  :  Sir  William  Morley  =  Cashell : 
Bessy  (the  Beggar's  daughter)  =  Mrs.  Clive  : — Sir 
William  and  Welford  wish  to  marry  Bessy — Lord 
Ranby  and  John  Sly  wish  to  seduce  her — they  attempt 
to  carry  her  off — Welford  rescues  her — the  Beggar 
wishes  Bessy  to  marry  Sir  William— she  promises  to 
obey  him,  but  says  it  will  be  a  sacrifice  of  her  hap- 
piness— he  declares  he  will  not  compel  her — and  Sir 


630  c.  G.  1740-1741. 

William  acquiesces  in  the  justice  of  his  decision — 
the  Beggar  turns  out  to  be  Sir  Simon  Montford — he 
gives  his  daughter  to  Welford,  with  a  portion  of 
£5000,  which  he  had  saved  out  of  the  wreck  of  his 
fortune — this  is  a  pleasing  little  piece  by  Dodsley — 
the  dialogue  is  written  with  much  neatness. 

7-  Macklin's  bt.     Merchant  of  Venice. 

8.  Chapman's  bt.  Conscious  Lovers.  Tom  = 
Chapman  : — with  Toyshop. 

24.  Harper's  bt.     Lady's  last  Stake. 

May  2.  Miser 6.    Tanner  of  York. 

12.  Strollers. 

13.  Cashell's  bt.     Timon  of  Athens.     Alcibiades 
=  Cashell :— rest  as  March  20  1740. 

14.  Love's  last  Shift 26.  Relapse. 

The  bills  for  the  latter  part  of  this  season  are  from 
the  Manuscript  in  B.  M. 

Wright  left  D.  L.  at  the  close  of  this  season — see 
Irish  Stage  1741-1742. 


C.  G.  1740-1741. 

Sep.  19.  Rehearsal  and  Dragon  of  Wantley. 
22.  Provoked  Husband  and  Mock  Doctor. 
24.  Committee  and  Cheats  of  Scapin. 
26.  Mrs.  Horton  acted  Lady  Macbeth. 


c.  G.  1740-1741.  631 

Oct.    1.    Double  Gallant.      Lady  Sadlife  =  Mrs. 
Bellamy. 

3.  Royal  Merchant 6.  Love  makes  a  Man. 

8.  Provoked  Wife.     Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

10.  Rule  a  Wife  with  Orpheus  and  Eurydice. 

11.  Tender  Husband 13.  Busy  Body. 

14.  Mistake 16.  Duke  and  no  Duke. 

17.  Drummer — no  characters. 

21.  Wit  without  Money 22.  Love's  last  Shift. 

23.  Schoolboy  by  Gibber  Jun. 

24.  Hamlet.     Hamlet  =  Ryan  :  Ghost  =  Delane  : 
King  =  Bridgewater  :  Laertes  =  Hallam  :  Horatio  = 
Hale  :  Poloniusn  Hippisley  :  Osriek  =  Neale  :  Player 
King  —  Arthur  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Woodward  :  Ophelia 
r=Mrs.  Vincent. 

27.  Way  of  the  World 31.  Rival  Queens. 

29.  London  Cuckolds  with  Necromancer. 
Nov.  1.  Constant  Couple.     Sir  Harry  Wildair  = 
Ryan. 

4.  Tamerlane.     Baj azet  =  Delane  :    Tamerlane  = 
Ryan:  Arpasia  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

6.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  =  Ryan  :  Brazen 
=  Gibber  Jun.  :  Balance  =  Bridgewater  :  Kite  = 
Rosco  :  Worthy  =  Hale :  Bullock  =  Neale  :  1st  Re- 
cruit =  Hippisley  :  Melinda  =  Mrs.  Ware  :  Rose  = 
Mrs.  Vincent :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Kilby  :  Sylvia  =  Miss 
Woffington,  being  her  1st  appearance  on  that  stage 
—she  repeated  the  character  on  the  8th — on  which 
day,  and  in  all  the  subsequent  bills  she  is  (Jailed 
Mrs. — she  was  at  this  time  about  22  years  old— see 
Irish  Stage  1?39- 

Davies  says  Mrs.  Woffington  came  to  C.  G.  in 
1738 — Hitchcock  tells  us  that  Davies  is  often  mis- 


632  c.  G.  1740-1741. 

taken  in  his  dates  of  theatrical  transactions  in  Dub- 
lin, and  observes  very  properly  that  in  compiling  a 
work  relative  to  the  stage,  it  is  almost  impossible  to 
avoid  making  some  mistakes  about  dates — it  is  a  pity 
that  Hitchcock,  when  he  was  correcting  Davies,  did 
not  take  care  to  be  more  exact  himself — in  page  106 
he  says  Miss  Woffington  acted  Sir  Harry  Wildair  for 
the  first  time  in  the  April  following  the  severe  winter 
of  1739-40 — in  page  108  he  says  it  was  in  April  1739. 

7.  Orphan.  CastaliorrHale:  Chamont  =  Delane  : 
Polydore  =  Ryan  :  Acasto  =  Stephens  :  Monimia  = 
Mrs.  Horton :  with  Tanner  of  York. 

10  and  11.  Mrs.  Woffington  acted  Sylvia. 

13.  Double  Gallant.      Atall  =  Gibber  Jun.  :    Sir 
Solomon  Sadlife  =  Hippisley  :    Lady  Sadlife=Mrs. 
Woffington  :   Lady  Dainty  =  Mrs.  Horton. 

14.  Funeral — no  characters. 

15.  Country  Lasses.     Modely  =  Gibson  :    Heart- 
well  =  Hale  :  Freehold  =  Bridgewater :  Sir  John  Eng- 
lish =  Arthur  :    Lurcher  =  Hallam :     Shacklefigure  z= 
Neale  :    Doublej ugg  =  Hippisley  :  Aura  =  Mrs.  Wof- 
fington :  Flora  =  Mrs.  Bellamy. 

18.  For  the  bt.  of  the  author  of  Sir  Roger  De  Co- 
verly.      Conscious  Lovers  and  Mock   Doctor — see 
D.  L.  Dec.  30  1746. 

19.  Mrs.  Woffington  acted  Sylvia. 

20.  Cato.     Cato  =  Delane  :    Juba  =  Hallam  :  Sy- 
phax  =  Rosco  :  Sempronius  =  Hale  :  Portius  =  Ryan  : 
Marcia  =  Mrs.  Horton:  with  Nancy,  or  the  Parting 
Lovers.     Nancy's  Father  =  Leveridge  :  Tom  True- 
blue  =  Salway  :   Lieutenant  =  Bencraft :   Nancy  = 
Mrs.  Lampe:  — this   musical  trifle   was  written   by 
Carey —  it  was  afterwards  acted  as  the  Press  Gang. 


c.  G.  1740-1741.  633 

2J .  Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry  Wildair  (by  par- 
ticular desire)  =  Mrs.  Woffington  :  Col.  Standard  = 
Bridgewater:  Beau  Clincher  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Clincher 
Jun.  —  Neale  :  Alderman  Smuggler  =  Hippisley  :  Vi- 
zard =  Hale  :  Tom  Errand  =  Clarke :  Dicky  =  James  : 
Lady  Lurewell  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Angelica  =  M  rs. 
Bellamy:  Parly  =  Mrs.  Cross  :  Lady  Darl  ing  —  Mrs. 
James  : — this  play  was  acted  10  nights  successively 
— Sir  Harry  Wildair  acted  by  a  woman  was  a  no- 
velty— Mrs.  Woffington  represented  the  character 
with  so  much  ease,  elegance  and  propriety  of  de- 
portment, that  no  male  actor  has  since  equalled  her 
in  it — she  acted  it  20  times  the  1st  season ;  and 
while  she  continued  on  the  stage  the  managers  found 
it  their  interest  frequently  to  announce  her  for  Sir 
Harry.  (Davies  and  Hitchcock.) 

Dec.  5.  Spanish  Fryar.  Dominic  =  Bridgewater: 
Gomez  =  Hippisley  :  Torrismond  =  Delane :  Lorenzo 
=  Ryan :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Horton  :  Elvirarr  Mrs.  Wof- 
fington. 

6  and  9.  Mrs.  Woffington  acted  Lady  Sadlife  and 
Sir  Harry. 

10.  Never  acted  there,  Alchemist.     Abel  Drugger 
=. Cibber  Jun. :  Face  =  Hale:  Subtle  =  Roberts :  Sir 
Epicure  Mammon  =  Mullart :  Ananias  —  1  Jippisley  : 
Tribulation  =  Neale :    Kastril  =  Bridgewater  :     Surly 
=  H  allam  :   Lovewit  =  Arthur  :  Dol  Common  =  M  rs. 
Cross  :  Widow  Pliant  =  Mrs.  Hale. 

11.  Spanish  Fryar.     El vira=  Mrs.  Woffington. 
13.  (and  15)  Never  acted  there,  Double  Falshood. 

Julio  =  Delane:  llenriquez  =  Hale:  Roderick  = 
Ryan:  Duke  Angelo  =  Stephens  :  Camillo  =  Hippis- 
le :  Don  Bernard  =  Rosco  :  Master  of  the  Flocks  = 


634  c.  G.    1740-1741. 

Bridge  water  :  1st  Shepherd  =  Neale  :  Leonora  = 
Mrs.  Horton :  Violante  =  Mrs.  Woffington  : — with  a 
new  Prologue  and  the  original  Epilogue. 

16  and  17.  Mrs.  Woffington  acted  Aura  and 
Elvira. 

19.  Careless  Husband.  Lord  Foppington  =  Neale. 

20  and  29.  Mrs.  Woffington  acted  Sir  Harry 
Wild  air. 

22.  Love's  last  Shift.  Sir  Novelty  Fashion  = 
Neale:  Amanda  =  Mrs.  Woodward. 

30.   Mrs.  Woffington  acted  Sylvia. 

Jan.  12.  For  bt.  of  Chetwood,  late  Prompter  at 
D.  L.,  and  now  a  prisoner  in  the  King's  Bench — Old 
Batchelor.  Fondlewife  =  Gibber  Sen.  :  Laetitia=: 
Mrs.  Woffington  : — Chetwood  says  that  Mrs.  Chet- 
wood was  grandaughter  to  Colley  Cibber.  (These 
bills  from  Mr.  Field.'} 

Chetwood  was  Prompter  at  D.  L.  for  20  years- 
Fielding's  Eurydice,  in  1737,  begins  thus — "  Hold, 
"  hold,  Mr.  Chetwood,  don't  ring  the  bell  for  the 
"  Overture  yet" — in  the  Introduction  to  the  Hos- 
pital for  Fools,  Nov.  15  1739,  the  Actor  says— 
"Mr.  Chetwood,  ring  for  the  Overture" — Chetwood 
was  also  a  bookseller — in  1720,  when  he  published 
Steele's  Case,  his  shop  was  under  Tom's  Coffee- 
house C.  G. — in  1721,  when  he  published  D'Urfey's 
Poems,  his  shop  was  at  Cato's  head  Russel  Street 
C.  G.— he  went  to  Ireland  in  1741-1742— Duval  had 
engaged  him  as  Prompter  to  Smock  Alley — in  1749 
he  published  in  a  small  volume  his  "  General  History 
"  of  the  Stage,"  which  is  in  fact  a  mere  biographical 
sketch  of  the  Performers,  chiefly  those  who  had  been 


c.  G.   1740-1741.  635 

in  Ireland — it  contains  some  good  anecdotes,  and 
some  useful  information. 

Jan.  5.  False  Friend 9.  Constant  Couple. 

13  and  14.  Old  Batchelor In  the  Egotist  1743 

Colley  Gibber  is  made  to  say — "  I  had  given  my 
"  promise  to  play  Fondlewife  for  a  friend  in  dis- 
"  tress,  but  not  daring  to  hope  that  so  short  a  part 
"  would  be  strong  enough  to  fill  the  house  for  him, 
"  I  fancied  an  Epilogue  might  make  people  a  little 
"  more  curious  to  come  to  it  *  *  *  the  success 
"  encouraged  me  to  repeat  it  a  second  and  third 
"  night  for  my  own  profit." 

15.  Mrs.  Porter's  bt.     Fatal  Marriage.     Isabella 
=  Mrs.  Porter:  Victoria  =  Mrs.  Woffington. 

16.  Merry  Wives 17  and  24.  Constant  Couple. 

19.  Old  Batchelor 22.  Oronooko. 

23.  Funeral 26.    Spanish  Fryar. 

27.  Henry  4th,  part  1st 28.  Mourning  Bride. 

29.  Greenwich  Park — acted  4  nights  successively 
—Mrs.  Woffington  probably  acted  Florella. 
Feb.  7  and  9-  Gamester 12.  All  for  Love. 

17.  Distressed  Mother 19.  Double  Gallant. 

24.  Gamester.     Angelica  =  Mrs.  Woffington. 

26.  Jane  Shore 28.  Duke  and  no  Duke. 

March  2.  Way  of  the  World — 7.  Amorous  Widow. 

9.  Delane's  bt.     Conscious  Lovers.     Young  Bevil 
=  Delane  :  Tom  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Cimberton  =  Hip- 
pisley :     Indiana  =  Mrs.    Horton :     Phillis  =  Mrs. 
Woffington. 

10.  Hippisley's  bt.     Old  Batchelor.      Fondlcwifc 
=  llippisley  :  La3titia  =  Mrs.  Woffington. 

12.  Abra-Mule 16.  Rover. 

17-  Spanish  Fryar 30.  Relapse. 


636  a.  F.  1740-1741. 

April  2.  Provoked  Husband. 

3.  Constant  Couple 4.  Rule  a  Wife. 

6.  Strategem.     Archer  =  Delane  :  Mrs.  Sullen  - 
Mrs.  Horton  :  Cherry  =  Mrs.  Woffington. 

7-  Conscious  Lovers 8.  Double  Dealer. 

9.  King  John 10.  Recruiting  Officer. 

11.  Old  Batchelor.     Lsetitia  =  Mrs.  Woffington. 

15.  Greenwich  Park 18.   Careless  Husband. 

20.  Double  Gallant 28.  Spanish  Fryar. 

30.  Gamester. 

May  1.  Twin  Rivals 2.  Conscious  Lovers. 

5.  Country  Lasses 6.  Beggar's  Opera. 

8.  Strategem 11.  Recruiting  Officer. 

1.5.  Double  Falsehood 19-  Rehearsal. 

(These  bills  from  the  Manuscript  in  B.  M.~) 


G.  F.  1740-1741. 

Oct.  15.  At  the  late  Theatre  in  Ayliffe  Street— 
a  Concert  of  vocal  and  instrumental  Musick  in  2 
parts — between  the  parts  of  the  Concert  will  be  pre- 
sented gratis  a  Comedy,  called  the  Strategem — by 
persons  for  their  diversion. 

18.  Venice  Preserved.  Pierre  =  Walker :  Anto- 
nio —  Yates. 

20.  Oronooko.     Oronooko  =  Walker :  Daniel  = 
Yates  :  Capt.  Driver  =  Dunstall. 

21.  Old  Batchelor.     Sir  Joseph  Wittol  =  Yates. 


G.  F.   1740-1741.  G37 

22.  Recruiting  Officer.     Brazen  =  Yates:  Kite  = 
Walker:  Bullock  =  Dunstall  :  Rose  =  Miss  Hi  ppisley. 

23.  Othello.     Othello   =  Walker:    Roderigo   = 

24.  Yates  acted  Sir  Philip  Modelove. 


25.  JSsop.     Quaint  =  Yates. 

27.  Spanish  Fryar   =   Dunstall  :  Torrismond   = 
Walker. 

28.  Love  for  Love.     Ben  =  Yates  :  Miss  Prue  = 
Miss  Hippisley. 

29.  George  Barn  well.     Tr  u  m  an  =  Yates. 

30.  Drummer.     Gardener  =  Yates. 

31.  Provoked  Husband.     Lord  and  Lady  Townly 
=  Mr.  arid  Mrs.  Giffard  :   John  Moody  =  Dunstall  : 
Squire  Richard  =  Yates  :  Miss  Jenny  =Miss  Hippisley. 

Nov.  3.  Jane  Shore.     Hastings  =  Walker. 

4.  Tamerlane.  Tamerlane  =  Marshall,  his  1st  ap- 
pearance there  :  Bajazet=:  Walker. 

13.     Constant  Couple.     Clincher  Sen.  =  Yates. 

15.  Merry  Wives.  Sir  Hugh  Evans  =  Yates  :  Dr. 
Caius  =  Blakes  :  Host  =  Dunstall  :  Anne  Page  =  Miss 
Hippisley. 

18.  Love  makes  a  Man.     Clodio  =  Giffard  :  Carlos 
—  Walker  :  Sancho  =  Yates. 

19.  Inconstant.     Petit  =  Yates. 

22.  Virgin  Unmasked.     Coupee  =  Yates  :  Blister 
=  Dunstall  :  Miss  Lucy  =  Miss  Hippisley. 

25.  Committee.     Teague  =  Yates. 

26.  Distressed  Mother.     Orestes  =  Walker. 

27.  Careless  Husband.    Lord  Foppington  =  Peter- 
son, his  first  appearance  there. 

28.  Henry  4th.     Francis  =  Yates. 

Dec.  4.  Hamlet.     Hamlet  =   Giffard  :  Ghost  = 


638  G.F.   1740-1741. 

Walker :  Gravediggers  =  Yates  and  Dunstall :  Ophe- 
lia =  Miss  Hippisley. 

6.  Love's  last  Shift.  Snap  =.  Yates :  with  Devil 
to  Pay.  Jobson  =  Dunstall. 

8.  Relapse.  Lory  =  Yates:  Miss  Hoyden  =  Miss 
Hippisley. 

10.  Macbeth.     Hecate  =  Yates. 

12.  Love  and  a  Bottle.  Roebuck  =  Walker: 
Mockmode  =  Yates  :  Club  =  Dunstall :  —  acted  4 
times  successively. 

31.  Beggar's  Opera.  Macheath  =  Walker  :  Polly 
=  Gentlewoman,  her  first  appearance  on  any  stage  : 
— acted  13  times  successively.  (These  bills  from 
Mr.  Field.) 

Jan.  15.  Not  acted  100  years,  Winter's  Tale, 
written  by  Shakspeare.  Leontes  =  Giffard  :  Polix- 
enes  =  M  arshall :  Florizel  =  W.  GifFard:  Camillo  = 
Paget :  Antigonus  =  Walker  :  Shepherd  =  Julian  : 
Autolycus  =  Yates  :  Clown  =  Dunstall :  Hermione  =. 
Mrs.  GifFard :  Perdita  =  Miss  Hippisley  :  Paulina  = 
Mrs.  Steel:  Emilia  =  Mrs.  Yates:  Mopsa  =  Mrs. 
Dunstall :  Dorcas  =  Mrs.  Jones  :  —  tickets  at  one, 
two,  and  three  shillings. 

Dr.  Johnson  tells  us  that  the  story  of  this  play  is 
taken  from  the  History  of  Dorastus  and  Fawnia  by 
Greene — Steevens  adds — "  In  this  novel — 

"  Leontes  King  of  Sicilia  is  called  . .  Egistus. 

"  Polixenes  King  of  Bohemia Pandosto. 

"  Florizel  Prince  of  Bohemia Dorastus. 

"  Camillo  Fran  ion. 

"  Old  Shepherd Porrus. 

"  Hermione   , Bellaria. 


G.  F.  1740-1741.  639 

"  Perdita    Faunia. 

"  Mopsa     Mopsa. 

"  The  parts  of  Antigonus,  Paulina,  and  Autolycus, 
"  are  of  the  poet's  own  invention ;  but  many  circum- 
"  stances  of  the  novel  are  omitted  in  the  play." 

The  History  of  Dorastus  and  Fawnia  was  printed 
in  1727>  with  the  History  of  Hero  and  Leander — 
the  Editor  tells  us  that  these  histories  are  translated 
from  the  Bohemian  and  Grecian  tongues — the  latter 
part  of  this  assertion  is  certainly  false,  and  probably 
the  former — the  history  of  Dorastus  and  Fawnia  is 
so  like  Shakspeare's  play,  that  in  all  probability  it  is 
only  Greene's  novel  reprinted — if  this  supposition  be 
correct,  Steevens  is  very  inaccurate  in  his  note — 
Pandosto,  in  the  novel,  is  King  of  Bohemia,  but  he  is 
the  same  character  as  Leontes  in  the  play — Egistus 
in  the  novel,  is  King  of  Sicily,  but  he  is  the  same 
character  as  Polixenes  in  the  play — Dorastus,  in  the 
novel,  is  not  Prince  of  Bohemia,  but  Prince  of  Sicily 
— in  the  novel,  the  first  part  of  the  story  takes  place 
in  Bohemia,  and  the  middle  in  Sicily — the  discovery 
of  Fawriia's  birth  takes  place  in  Bohemia — so  that 
either  Shakspeare,  or  the  Editor  of  the  novel  in  1727, 
has  reversed  the  order  of  things — Mopsa  in  the  novel 
is  totally  a  different  character  from  Mopsa  in  the 
play — she  is  wife  to  the  old  Shepherd — Shakspeare 
has  omitted  her,  and  substituted  the  Clown,  who  is 
quite  a  new  character — Autolycus  is  not  entirely  a 
new  part — in  the  novel,  Capnio,  the  servant  of 
Dorastus,  gets  the  old  Shepherd  on  board  the  ship, 
as  Autolycus  does  in  the  play. 


640  G.  F.  1740-1741. 

Shakspeare  in  his  first  3  acts  follows  the  novel 
pretty  closely — except  that  in  the  novel  the  Queen 
really  dies — Shakspeare  makes  Hermione  say — 

"  The  Emperor  of  Russia  was  my  father  :" 

In  the  novel  it  is  Egistus,  the  father  of  Dorastus, 
who  had  married  the  daughter  of  the  Emperor  of 
Russia — Shakspeare  in  his  last  2  acts  differs  consi- 
derably from  the  novel — all  that  passes  at  the  sheep- 
shearing  is  new — Dorastus  and  Fawnia,  in  the  novel, 
intend  to  go  to  Italy,  but  are  carried  by  a  tempest  to 
Bohemia — Dorastus,  by  the  advice  of  Capnio,  chan- 
ges his  name  to  Meleagrus — Pandosto  falls  in  love 
with  Fawnia — Dorastus  is  sent  to  prison — Egistus 
hears  that  his  son  is  imprisoned  in  Bohemia,  and 
sends  Ambassadors  to  Pandosto — they  request  that 
Dorastus  should  be  set  at  liberty — and  that  Capnio, 
Fawnia  and  Porrus  may  be  put  to  death — Porrus 
produces  the  chain  of  jewels  which  he  had  found 
with  Fawnia — Pandosto  perceives  that  Fawnia  is  his 
daughter — they  all  go  to  Sicily — Dorastus  and  Faw- 
nia are  united  with  the  approbation  of  Egistus  — 
Pandosto  kills  himself. 

Jan.  20.  Strategem.  Scrub  =:  Yates  :  Boniface  = 
Dunstall :  Cherry  =  Miss  Hippisley :  with  Mock 
Doctor.  Gregory  =  Yates. 

26.  Winter's  Tale  7th  time.  , 

28.  Wonder.  Felix  =  Giffard  :  Col.  Briton  = 
Walker  :  Lissardo  =  Yates  :  Gibby  =  Blakes  :  Vio- 
lante  =  Mrs.  Giffard. 

Feb.  2.  Wife's  Relief.     Young  Cash  =  Yates. 

3.  Beggar's  Opera.  Filch  =  Yates  :  Polly  =  Miss 
Medina:  Mrs.  Vixens  Miss  Hippisley. 


G.F.  1740-1741.  Gil 

4.  Love  makes  a  Man.  Angelina  =  Miss  Hip- 
pi  sley. 

10.  Richard  3d.  Richard  3d  =  Crfope  his  1st  ap- 
pearance there  :  with  Flora.  Dick  =  Yates. 

14.  Anatomist.  Simon  =  Dunstall :  Crispin  = 
Yates  :  Beatrice  =  Miss  Hippisley. 

19.  King  Arthur.     Grimbald  =  Yates. 

March  2.  Fatal  Curiosity,  with  a  new  Pantomime 
called  Harlequin  Student,  or  the  Fall  of  Pantomime 
with  the  Restoration  of  the  Drama.  Harlequin 
Student  =  Yates  :  Columbine  =  Miss  Hippisley  :— 
the  whole  to  conclude  with  a  representation  of  Shak- 
speare's  Monument  as  lately  erected. 

7.  Mrs.  Giffard's  bt.  All's  well  that  ends  well, 
Avritten  by  Shakspeare,  and  not  acted  since  his  time. 
Bertram  =  Giffard  :  Parolles  =  Peterson  :  Lafeu  = 
Paget :  King  of  France  =  Crispe  :  Clown  =  Yates  : 
Duke  of  Florence  =  Nelson  :  Dumain  =  Blakes  : 
Steward^ Dunstall:  Helena = Mrs.  Giffard:  Countess 
of  Rousillon  =  Mrs.  Steel :  Diana  =  Miss  Hippisley  : 
Mariana  =  Mrs.  Dunstall:  Widow  =  Mrs.  Yates. 

12.  Walker's  bt.    Fatal  Marriage  and  Contrivances 

—no  characters  in  the  bill — tickets  at  4-s. — 2s.  and 

6d.  and  Is.  and  6d. — Servants  will  be  allowed  to  keep 

places  on  the  stage — it  appears  from  this  bill  that  it 

was  still  customary  to  raise  the  prices  at  benefits. 

16.  For  bt.  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Yates.    Miser.    Love- 
gold  to  be  attempted  after  the  manner  of  the  late 
Mr.  Griffin  by  Yates  : — Mrs.  Yates  was  Yates'  first 
wife,  not  the  famous  actress — Yates  apologizes  for 
not  waiting  on  Ladies  and  Gentlemen,  as  he  is  not 
acquainted  with  that  part  of  the  town. 

17,  21,  30,  and  April  3.  All's  well. 

VOL.  IH.  T  T 


642  G.  F.  1740-1741. 

19.  Marshall's  bt.  Timon  of  Athens.  Timon  = 
Marshall :  Poet  =  Yates. 

April  8.  Miss  Medina's  bt.  Beggar's  Opera  in 
which  will  be  introduced  a  hornpipe  by  Yates — he 
frequently  danced  a  hornpipe. 

15.  For  the  entertainment  of  several  of  the  ancient 
and  honourable  society  of  the  Free  and  Accepted 
Masons — and  for  the  benefit  of  Blakes  and  Miss 
Hippisley — Miser.  Lovegold  —  Yates  2d  time  as 
Griffin :  Clerimont  =  Blakes  :  Lappet  =  Miss  Hippis- 
ley : — with,  2d  time,  Lethe.  2Esop  =  W.  Giffard  : 
Mercury  —  Mrs.  Jones :  Charon  =  Dunstall :  Attorney 
=  Paget :  Beau  =  Marr  :  Irishman  —  Yates  :  French- 
man =  Blakes :  Drunken  man  =  Giffard :  Mr.  Thomas 
=  Crofts  :  1st  Lady  =  Mrs.  Dunstall :  2d  Lady  = 
Mrs.  Yates  :  Miss  Lucy  =  Miss  Hippisley :  in  which 
character  will  be  introduced  a  song  called  the  Life 
of  a  Belle,  that  scene  being  a  sequel  to  the  Virgin 
Unmasked. 

N.B.  Those  brethren,  who  intend  to  honour  brother 
Blakes  with  their  company,  are  desired  to  meet  at 
the  Fleece  Tavern  near  the  theatre,  in  order  to  pro- 
ceed from  thence  Cloath'd,  for  whose  reception  three 
rows  of  the  pit  will  be  railed  in. 

21.  For  bt.  of  Cole  the  Prompter.  Henry  4th— - 
with  Tom  Thumb  (for  that  night  only)  by  Miss  Cole. 

23.  For  bt.  of  Laguerre,  a  Prisoner  in  the  King's 
Bench.  Provoked  Husband  and  Flora.  Hob  = 
Laguerre. 

May  7-  Last  play — (  These  bills  from  B,  M.) 


D.  L.  1741-1742.  643 


D.  L.   1741-1742. 

Considerable  changes  took  place  before  the  opening 
of  this  season — Quin  was  gone  to  Ireland — Mrs. 
Woffington,  Delane,  Theo.  Gibber,  Neale  and  Arthur, 
were  engaged  at  D.  L. — Mrs.  Pritchard,  Chapman 
and  Woodward  were  engaged  at  C.  G. — Mrs.  Gibber 
returned  to  the  stage  after  an  absence  of  more  than 
3  years — she  made  her  first  appearance  in  Ireland  on 
Dec.  21  1741. 

Sep.  5.  Love  for  Love  and  Mock  Doctor. 

8.  Recruiting  Officer — probably  Mrs.  Woffington 's 
1st  appearance  there. 

12.  Love's  last  Shift 15.  Provoked  Husband. 

Oct.  10.  Rule  a  Wife.  Leon  =  Milward  :  Esti- 
fania  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Old  Woman  =  Macklin  : — no 
more  bills  till 

16.  As  you  like  it— repeated  17,  19,  20,  21,  and  28. 

Nov.  4  and  5.  Tamerlane. 

11.  Comedy  of  Errors — acted  4  times  successively 
and  again  on  Dec.  10th — the  want  of  the  characters 
in  this  bill  is  peculiarly  to  be  regretted,  as  the  Comedy 
of  Errors  seems  never  to  have  been  acted  at  D.  L. 
except  on  the  present  revival — Kirkman  says  Macklin 
acted  Dromio  of  Syracuse,  which  is  very  probable. 

21.  Rehearsal.  Bayes  =  Gibber  Jun. : — acted  6 
times  successively. 

Dec.  8.  Cato 17.  Julius  Csesar. 

28.  Richard  3d  —  Delane  :  Henry  6th  =  Milward  : 
Richmond  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Duke  of  York  =  Miss 
Gibber,  her  2d  attempt  on  any  stage. 

T  T  2 


614  D.  L.  1741-1742. 

(These  bills  from  B.  M.  —  the  Volume  for  this 
season  was  so  covered  with  dust  and  cobwebs,  that  it 
could  not  have  been  opened  for  a  long  time.} 

Jan.  1.  Miser.  Lovegold  =  Macklin :  Frederick 
=  Havard:  Ramilie  —  Neale  :  Lappet  —  Mrs.  Clive  : 
Mariana  =  Mrs.  Mills:  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

2.  Comus  =  Delane :  Lady  =  Mrs.  Mills. 

4.  Constant  Couple.  Sir  Harry  Wildair  =  Mrs. 
Woffington  :  Col.  Standard  =  Delane  :  Smuggler  = 
Johnson  :  Beau  Clincher  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Clincher 
Jun.  — Neale:  Vizard  =  Havard  :  Lady  Lure  well  = 
Mrs.  Clive  :  Angelica  =  Mrs.  Mills :  Parly  —  Mrs. 
Macklin  : — acted  several  times. 

6.  Committee.  Teague  =  Macklin  :  Careless  = 
Mills  :  Day  =  Shepherd  :  Obediah  =  Johnson  :  Abel 
=  Neale:  Mrs.  Day  =  Mrs.  Macklin:  Ruth  =  Mrs. 
Woffington. 

8.  Provoked  Wife.  Sir  John  Brute  =  Macklin : 
Constant  =  Milward  :  Heartfree  =  Mills  :  Razors 
Neale :  Col.  Bully  =  Beard  :  Lady  Fanciful  =  Mrs. 
Clive:  Lady  Brute  =  Mrs.  Woffington:  Belinda  = 
Mrs.  Mills:  Mademoiselle  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

11.  Merchant  of  Venice,  written  by  Shakspeare. 
Anthonio  =  Delane  :  Launcelot  =  Neale  :  Nerissa  = 
Mrs.  Woffington :  Lorenzo  —  Lowe  : — on  the  modern 
stage  Lorenzo  has  two  songs — as  Lowe  was  a  singer, 
and  as  Havard,  who  played  Lorenzo  on  the  revival, 
was  not,  it  is  probable  that  the  songs  were  introduced 
at  this  time — at  D.  L.  Dec.  13  1759  one  person 
acted  Lorenzo,  and  another  sang  the  songs — the  song 
in  the  5th  act  is  not  improperly  introduced,  as  Shak- 
speare has  given  a  stage  direction  for  music — but  the 
song  which  Lorenzo  usually  sings  under  Jessica's 


D.L.  1741-1742.  640 

window  is  a  gross  absurdity — Lorenzo  comes  to  steal 
Jessica — no  man  ever  sang  a  song  in  the  street,  when 
he  wished  to  escape  observation  as  much  as  possible 
— in  the  Jew  of  Venice,  as  well  as  in  the  original 
play,  Lorenzo  has  no  songs. 

1 6.  As  you  like  it.  Touchstone  =  Macklin  : 
Jaques  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Sil vi us  =  Green  :  Rosalind  = 
Mrs.  Woffington  :— see  Dec.  20  1740. 

20.  Spanish  Fryar.  Dominic  =  Shepherd  .  Gomez 
=  Macklin  :  Torrismond  =  Milward :  Lorenzo  — 
Mills  :  Bertran  =  Havard  :  Elvira  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Roberts. 

22.  Never  acted  there,  All's  well  that  ends  well. 
Bertram  =  Mills  :  Parolles  =  Gibber  Jun. :  King  = 
Milward:  Lafeu  =  Berry:  Clown  =  Macklin  :  Duke 
of  Florence  =  Woodburn  :  Dumain  =  Havard  :  In- 
terpreter =  Winstone :  Helena  =  Mrs.  Woffington  : 
Countess  of  Rousillon  —  Mrs.  Butler  :  Diana  =  Mrs. 
Ridout : — Mrs.  Woffington  was  taken  so  ill  that  she 
fainted  away  as  she  stood  at  the  scenes  ready  to  come 
on — this  was  in  the  1st  act — the  part  was  read — the 
play  was  advertised  for  the  following  Friday,  when  if 
Mrs.  Woffington  would  not  be  well  enough  ;  Mrs. 
Mills  would  be  prepared  in  the  part—  —All's  well 
that  ends  well  was  however  deferred  till  Feb.  16  in 
consequence  of  Milward's  illness—  — Davies  says, 
Macklin  had  been  promised  the  part  of  Parolles  and 
was  much  displeased  at  its  being  given  from  him  - 
Gibber's  Parolles,  notwithstanding  his  grimace  and 
false  spirit,  met  with  encouragement ;  tho'  his  viva- 
city was  mixed  up  with  too  much  pertness,  yet  lie 
never  offended  by  flatness  and  insipidity — Berry's 
Lafcu  was  the  true  portrait  of  a  choleric  old  imm 


646  D.  L.  1741-1742. 

and  a  humourist  ;  Milward  was  in  the  King  affect- 
ing, and  Delane,  who  afterwards  played  the  part, 
respectable — Milward  is  said  to  have  caught  a  dis- 
temper which  proved  fatal  to  him,  by  wearing  too 
light  a  suit  of  clothes  after  his  supposed  recovery  ; 
he  felt  himself  seized  with  a  shivering,  and  being 
asked  how  he  found  himself,  "  How  is  it  possible," 
said  he  with  some  pleasantry,  "  to  be  sick,  when  I 
"  have  such  a  Physician  as  Mrs.  Woffington  ?"- 
Davies  omits  Bertram,  and  says  that  Chapman  acted 
the  Clown  and  Interpreter — he  did  not  know  that 
the  play  had  been  previously  revived  at  G.  F. — he 
adds — "  Mrs.  Ridout,  a  pretty  woman  and  a  pleasing 
"  actress,  after  having  played  Diana  one  night,  was, 
"  by  the  advice  of  her  physician,  forbidden  to  act 
"  during  a  month — Mrs.  Butler  was  likewise  seized 
"  with  a  distemper  in  the  progress  of  this  play" — 
each  of  these  assertions  is  totally  without  foundation 
—Mrs.  Ridout's  name  was  in  the  bill  for  Jan.  27 
and  29— for  Feb.  1,  3,  10,  and  in  all  the  bills  of  All's 
well — Mrs.  Butler's  name  was  in  the  bill  for  Jan.  26, 
Feb.  4,  5,  8,  11,  13,  and  15,  and  in  all  the  bills  for 
All's  well. 

Jan.  23.  Beggar's  Opera.  Macheath  =  Beard: 
Peachum  =  Mackliri :  Lockit  =  Turbutt :  Filch  = 
Raftor :  Polly  —  Mrs.  Clive  :  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Roberts  : 
Mrs.  Peachum  and  Diana  Trapes  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

25.  Rehearsal.     Bayes  =  Gibber  Jtin. :    Smiths 
Delane  :  Johnson  =  Mills  :    the  other  characters  by 
Johnson,    Macklin,   Neale,   Taswell,  Arthur,   &c. — 
acted  several  times. 

26.  Hamlet.  Hamlet  =  Milward  :  Ghost  =  Delane  : 
King  =  Mills  :    Horatio  =  Havard  :    Polonius  —  Tas- 


D.  L.   1741-1742.  647 

well :  Osrick  —  Macklin  :  1st  Gravediggem  Johnson  : 
Queen  =  Mrs.  Butler:  Ophelia  =  Mrs.  Clive  : — Mil- 
ward  was  unable  to  perform,  and  Gibber  Jun.  read 
the  part. 

27.  Busy  Body.  Marplot  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Sir 
Francis  Gripe  =  Taswell :  Miranda  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

29.  Tender  Husband.  Capt.  Clerimont  =  Mills  : 
Numps  =  Macklin  :  Sir  Harry  Gubbin  =  Turbutt : 
Pounce  =  Shepherd  :  Tipkin  =  Taswell :  Biddy  = 
Mrs.  Clive  :  Fainlove  =  Mrs.  Ridout :  Mrs.  Bersheba 
Tipkin  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

Feb.  2.  Recruiting  Officer.  Plume  =  Mills  :  Bra- 
zen =.  Gibber  Jun.  :  Kite  =  Berry  :  Bullock  =  Mack- 
lin :  Worthy  =  Havard  :  Collier  =  Taswell  :  Pear- 
main  =Neale  :  Sylvia  =  Mrs.  Woffington  :  Melinda 
=  Mrs.  Butler  :  Rose  =  Miss  Brunette  :  Lucy  = 
Mrs.  Macklin. 

3.  Strategem.     Archer  =  Mill s  :  Scrub  =  Macklin  : 
Aimwell  =  Delane  :  Gibbet  =  Neale  :  Mrs.   Sullen  — 
Mrs.  Woffington  :  Cherry  =  Mrs.  Ridout. 

4.  Double  Gallant.      Atall  =  Gibber   Jun. :    Sir 
Solomon  Sadlife  =  Johnson :    Lady    Sadlife  =  Mrs. 
Clive:  Lady  Dainty  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Clarinda  =  Mrs. 
Woffington:  Wish  well  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

5.  Distressed  Mother.       Orestes  =  Gibber  Jun. : 
Pyrrhus  =  Delarie  :  Hermione  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Andro- 
mache =  Mrs.  Roberts. 

1 1 .  Volpone.      Volpone    =  Delane  :     Mosca   = 
Mills  :  Corbaccio  —  Johnson  :    Corvino  =  Macklin  : 
Sir  Politick  Wou'dbe  =  Neale  :  Voltore  =  Havard : 
Lady  Wou'dbe  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Celia  =  Mrs.  Butler. 

12.  Alchemist.      Able   Drugger  =  Gibber  Jun.  : 


648  D.  L.   1741-1742. 

Face  =  Macklin  :  Subtle  =  Mills :  Ananias  =  Johnson : 
Tribulation  =  Taswell :  Kastril  =  Neale  :  Sir  Epicure 
Mammon  =  Berry  :  Surly  =  Havard  :  Dol  Common 
=  Mrs.  Macklin. 

13.  Silent  Woman.  Morose  =  Johnson  :  Sir 
Amorous  la  Foole  =  Neale  :  Truewit  =  Mills  :  Sir 
John  Daw  =  Gibber  Jun.  :  Otter  =  Shepherd  :  Cut- 
beard  =  Macklin  :  Dauphine  =  Havard  :  Epicoene  = 
Mrs.  Butler  :  Mrs.  Otter  =  Mrs.  Macklin. 

15.  Relapse.     Lord  Foppington  =  Gibber   Jun.  : 
Loveless  —  Havard  :    Young  Fashion  =  Cross  :    Sir 
Tunbelly   Clumsey  -  Shepherd :    Worthy  =  Mills  : 
Lory  =  Neale :  Coupler  =  Johnson  :  Berinthia  =  Mrs. 
Woffington  :  Amanda  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Miss  Hoyden 
=  Mrs.  Clive. 

16.  Acted  but  once,   All's   well  that   ends   well. 
King  rz  Delane  :  with  Harlot's  Progress.     Beau  Mor- 
decai  =  Macklin  : — the  9th  night  of  All's  well  that 
ends    well  was  on  Feb.   27th — it  was  acted  again 
on  March  23d. 

March  2.  Love  makes  a  Man.  """Carlos  =  Delane  : 
Clodio=  Gibber  Jun. :  Don  Cholerick  =  Macklin  : 
Charino  =  Arthur  :  Angelina  =  Mrs.  Mills  :  Elvira  = 
Mrs.  Butler  :  Louisa  =  Mrs.  Roberts. 

4.  Cato.  Cato  =  Delane:  Juba  =  Mills  :  Sem- 
pronius  =  Berry  :  Syphax  =  Gibber  Jun.  :  Portius  = 
Havard:  Marcus  =  Lowe:  Marcia  =  Mrs.  Roberts  : 
Lucia  =  Mrs.  Mills. 

8.  Mrs.  dive's  bt.  Not  acted  3  years,  Man  of  the 
Mode.  Sir  Fopling  Flutter  =  Gibber  Jun. :  Dori- 
mant  =  Mills:  Medley  =  Delane:  Old  Bellair  = 
Shepherd  :  Young  Bellair  =  Havard  :  Handy  = 
Green:  Mrs.  Loveit  =  Mrs.  Clive :  Belinda  =:  Mrs. 


D.L.   1741-1742.  649 

Woffington  :  Harriet  =  Mrs.  Mills  :  Pert  =  Mrs. 
Macklin  : — with  Virgin  Unmasked.  Coupee  =  Mack- 
lin  :  Miss  Lucy  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

9.  For  bt.  of  Widow  Milward  and  her  4  chil- 
dren— As  you  like  it — Some  lines  on  Milward's 
memory  were  written  by  Miller  and  spoken  by  Theo. 
Cibber — there  was  afterwards  an  advertisement  of 
thanks  from  Mrs.  Milward. 

15.  Delane's    bt.    Hamlet.      Hamlet  =  Delane : 
Ghost  =  Berry. 

16.  Mrs.  Roberts  acted  Berinthia  for  her  bt. 

20.  For  bt.  of  Cibber  Jun.  Careless  Husband. 
Sir  Charles  Easy  =  Mills  :  Lord  Foppington  =  Cib- 
ber Jun. :  Lord  Morelove  =  Delane  :  Lady  Betty 
Modish  =  Mrs.  Woffington  :  Lady  Easy  =  Mrs.  But- 
ler : — with  Mock  Doctor.  Gregory  —  Cibber  Jun. 

22.  Mrs.  Woffington's  bt.  Confederacy.  Brass  = 
Macklin  :  Dick  =  Cibber  Jun. :  Money  trap  =  Tas- 
well :  Gripe  =  Turbutt :  Clarissa  —  Mrs.  Woffington : 
Flippanta  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Mrs.  Amlet  =  Mrs. Macklin. 

27.  Johnson's  bt.  Old  Batchelor.  Heartwell  = 
Delane:  Fondlewife  =  Macklin  :  Bellmour  =  Mills  : 
Bluff  =  Johnson  :  Sir  Joseph  Wittol  =  Cibber  Jun. : 
Vai nlove  =  Havard :  Lsetitia  =  Mrs .  Clive  :  Belinda  = 
Mrs.  Mills. 

29.  Macklin's  bt.  Double  Dealer.  Maskwell  = 
Berry  :  Sir  Paul  Plyant  =  Macklin  1st  time :  Brisk 
=  Cibber  Jun  :  Careless  =  Mills  :  Melleforit  =  Ha- 
vard :  Lord  Froth  =  Neale  :  Lady  Touchwood  = 
Mrs.  Butler :  Lady  Froth  =  Mrs.  Clive  :  Lady  Plyant 
=  Mrs.  Macklin  :  with  Tom  Thumb — Tom  Thumb 
=  Miss  Cole  :  King  Arthur  =  Turbutt :  Queen  Dol- 


650  D.  L.  1741-1742. 

lalolla  =  Mr.  Macklin  :  Queen  of  the  Giants  =  Mr. 
Neale  :  Princess  Huncamunca  =  Mr.  Taswell. 

30.  Mrs.  Butler's  bt.  Double  Gallant.  Capt. 
Strut  =  Neale  :  with  Lottery.  Jack  Stocks  =  Gibber 
Jun. :  Cloe  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

April  5.  For  bt.  of  Mills.  Conscious  Lovers. 
Young  Bevil  =  Delane  :  Tom  —  Gibber  Jun . :  Myrtle 
=  Mills:  Sealand  =  Berry:  Indiana  —  Mrs.  Mills: 
Phillis  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

19.  Macbeth.     Macbeth   =  Delane :  Macduff  = 
Havard :  Banquo  =  Mills :   Lady  Macbeth  =  Mrs. 
Butler. 

20.  For  bt.  of  Mrs.  Macklin  and  Mrs.  Bennet. 
Committee  with  Chrononhotonthologos.      Rigdum 
Funnidos  =  Macklin  :  Lady  of  Honour  =  Miss  Minors. 

21.  Lowe's  bt.  Love  for  Love.  Valentine  =  Lowe : 
Foresight  =  Johnson  :  Ben  =  Macklin  :  Tattle  =  Gib- 
ber Jun. :  Sir  Sampson  Legend  —  Shepherd :  Scandal 
=  Mills  :  Jeremy  =  Neale  :  Angelica  =  Mrs.  Mills  : 
Mrs.  Frail  =  Mrs.  Butler  :  Miss  Prue  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
with  Devil  to  Pay.     Sir  John  Loverule  —  Lowe  :  Job- 
son  =  Turbutt :  Nell  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

22.  For  bt.  of  Mills.     Careless  Husband.     Lord 
Foppington  =  Macklin :  Lady  Betty  Modish  =  Mrs. 
Mills :  Edging  =  Mrs.  Clive. 

24.  Berry's  bt.  Henry  8th.  King  =  Berry:  Wol- 
sey  =  Mills :  Gardiner  =  Johnson :  Lord  Sands  = 
Neale  :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Roberts. 

27.  For  bt.  of  Shepherd  and  Winstoue.  Henry 
4th.  Falstaffrr  Shepherd  Is  ttime :  Hotspur  —  Delane : 
King  =  Berry:  Prince  of  Wales  =  Mills  :  Vernon  = 
Havard  :  Northumberland  —  Taswell :  Westmoreland 


D.  L.   1741-1742.  651 

=  Turbutt:  Francis  =  Macklin  :  Carriers  =  Johnson 
and  Arthur :  Kate  =  Mrs.  Mills  :  Hostess  =  Mrs. 
Macklin. 

28.  For  the  bt.  of  Miss  Gibber  and  her  Sister. 
Orphan.  Castalio  =  Havard  :  Chamont  =  Delane  : 
Page  =  Miss  Gibber:  Monimia  =  Mrs.  Mills. 

30.  Turbutt  acted  Richard  3d  for  his  bt. 

May  1.  For  bt.  of  Harper's  Widow.  Miser  with 
King  and  Miller  of  Mansfield.  Miller  =  Shepherd  : 
— this  bt.  probably  failed  as  Mrs.  Harper  had  a 
second  bt. 

3.  For  bt.  of  Havard,  Arthur,  and  Ridout — Ha- 
vard acted  Hamlet. 

5.  Othello  n  Delane :  with,  never  acted,  Miss 
Lucy  in  Town.  Zorobabel  (a  Jew)  —  Macklin :  Lord 
Bawble  =  Cross  :  Signer  Cantileno  (an  Opera  singer, 
and  one  of  Mrs.  Haycock's  customers)  =  Beard : 
Ballad  (a  singer  at  the  Playhouse)  —  Ray :  Thomas 
—  Neale  :  Goodwill  =  Taswell :  Wife  =  Mrs.  Clive  : 
Mrs.  Haycock  =  Mrs.  Macklin  :  Tawdry  =  Mrs.  Ben- 
net  : — this  is  a  good  Farce,  with  songs,  by  Fielding — 
it  is  a  sequel  to  the  Virgin  Unmasked,  and  contrary 
to  what  is  usual,  the  second  part  is  superior  to  the 
first — Mrs.  Haycock  keeps  a  house  of  entertainment 
—custom  being  dull,  she  puts  up  a  bill  for  lodgings 
— Miss  Lucy  is  now  married  to  Thomas — they  come 
up  to  town,  and  take  Mrs.  Haycock's  lodgings— 
Thomas  goes  out  to  look  for  a  tailor — Mrs.  Haycock 
promises  Lucy  to  Lord  Bawble  for  £100 — he  goes 
home  for  the  money — Zorobabel  is  brought  in,  in  a 
chair  with  the  curtains  drawn — he  insists  that  Mrs. 
Haycock  should  let  him  have  Lucy  instead  of  Lord 
Bawble — he  makes  love  to  Lucy,  and  then  leaves  her 


652  D.  L.  1741-1742. 

to  buy  some  trinkets  for  her — Lord  Bawble  returns, 
and  carries  her  off — nothing  material  passes  between 
them — Thomas  is  enraged  at  finding  his  wife  from 
home — she  comes  back,  and  makes  no  scruple  of  say- 
ing that  she  likes  Lord  Bawble  better  than  her  hus- 
band— Thomas  kicks  off  Zorobabel — and  is  going  to 
fight  with  Lord  Bawble — Goodwill  prevents  them— 
Thomas  sets  off  with  his  wife  for  the  country — they 
had  been  in  town  but  five  hours — the  Editor  of  the 
B.  D.  says — "  this  piece,  after  having  been  acted  for 
"  some  nights,  was  forbidden  by  the  Lord  Chamber- 
"  lain,  it  being  supposed  that  a  particular  man  of 
"  quality  was  pointed  at  in  one  of  the  charaeters"- 
see  May  19. 

May  10.  Recruiting  Officer.     Brazen  =  Mackl in. 

11.  For  bt,  of  Harper's  Widow.  Orphan.  Cha- 
mont  =  Garrick  : — for  Garrick  see  G.  F. 

13.  Oronooko.  Oronooko  =  Lacy,  Inventor  of  the 
theatre  in  Ranelagh  Gardens  :  Aboan  =  Berry :  Capt. 
Driver  =  Johnson  :  Daniel  =  Neale  :  Imoinda  =  Mrs. 
Butler:  Widows  Mrs.  Macklin  :  Chariot  Weldon  = 
Mrs.  Ridout :  Lucy  Weldon  :=  Miss  Brunette. 

17.  Provoked  Husband.  Lord  Townly  =  Mills  : 
Manly  =  Delane :  Sir  Francis  Wronghead  =  Macklin : 
Count  Basset  =  Neale  :  Squire  Richard  =  Green : 
Lady  Townly  =  Mrs.  Clive:  Lady  Wronghead  =  Mrs. 
Macklin:  Lady  Grace  —  Mrs.  Mills:  Miss  Jenny  = 
Mrs.  Walker. 

19.  For  bt.  of  the  Author.  Miser  with  Miss  Lucy 
in  Town  7th  time — it  was  acted  for  the  8th  time  on  the 
20th  of  May,  and  brought  forward  again  on  the  27th 
of  Oct. — it  was  then  frequently  acted,  so  that  if  there 
was  a  prohibition,  it  only  lasted  for  a  short  time. 


n.  L.   1741-1742.  653 

26.  Rehearsal.     Bayes  =  Garrick. 

28.  King  Lear  =  Garrick — being  the  last  time  but 
one  of  his  performing  this  season  :  Edgar  =  Havard  : 
Bastard  =  Mills  :  Gloster  =  Berry :  Kent  —  Winstone : 
Gentleman  Usher  =  Neale :  Cordelia  —  Mrs.  Woffing- 
ton. 

31.  Richard  3d.  =  Garrick,  being  the  last  time  of 
his  performing  this  season  :  King  Henry  =  Berry : 
Richmond  =  Cross  :  Buckingham  =  Mills  :  Duke  of 
York  =  Miss  Gibber :  Queen  =  Mrs.  Roberts  :  Lady 
Anne  =  Mrs.  Mills :  Duchess  of  York  =  Mrs.  Bennett : 
— this  actress  is  sometimes  called  Mrs.  and  some- 
times Miss.  (  These  bills  from  Mr.  Field.} 

William  Mihvard  at  the  time  of  his  death  was 
under  40,  and  was  making  daily  improvement  in  his 
profession ;  his  person  had  the  advantage  of  proper 
height,  nor  was  he  ungraceful  in  his  deportment,  his 
countenance  was  pleasing  and  expressive,  his  voice 
strong  and  harmonious,  but  he  was  apt  to  indulge 
himself  in  such  an  extension  of  it,  as  approached  to 
vociferation — he  was  celebrated  for  Castalio,  Jaffier 
and  Oronooko,  but  he  excelled  most  in  characters 
where  distress  is  dignified  by  superiority  of  rank,  or 
rendered  venerable  by  age  or  paternal  affection — his 
Lusignan  was  not  much  inferior  to  Garrick's — on 
Mills'  death  he  succeeded  to  Hamlet ;  in  his  first  in- 
terview with  the  Ghost  and  in  the  closet  scene,  he 
was  not  only  an  agreeable,  but  a  skilful  actor — in  this 
character  he  seemed  to  forget  his  love  of  ranting, 
which  was  his  principal  fault.  (Davies.) 

Hill  in  his  preface  to  Zara  1736  says  "  Mil  ward 
"  has  a  voice  that  comprehends  and  expresses  the 
"  utmost  compass  of  harmony" In  the  Life  of 


654  D.  L.    1741-1742. 

Theo.  Gibber  1740,  Milward  is  said  to  deliver  the 
dialogue  of  genteel  Comedy  in  a  very  pleasing  man- 
ner ;  and  to  have  succeeded  beyond  expectation  in 
low  Comedy. 


Milward's  characters — selection  only. 

Hay.  1723.     *Trueman  in  Female  Fop. 

L.  I.  F.  1725-1726.  Rashley  in  Fond  Husband- 
Reynard  in  Tunbridge  Walks. 

1726-1727.  Hephestion— Gibbet— Priuli. 

1727-1728.  RuyDiasin  Island  Princess— *Player 
in  Beggar's  Opera — Col.  Feignwell. 

1728-1729.  Angelo  in  Measure  for  Measure— El- 
der Worthy  in  Love's  last  Shift. 

1729-1730.  Horatio  in  Hamlet — Aimwell — Marcus 
in  Cato — Blandford  in  Oronooko. 

1730-1731.  Gratiano  in  Jew  of  Venice — Banquo 
— CEdipus. 

1731-1732.  Brabantio  in  Othello— King  in  Henry 
4th,  part  1st — Tamerlane — King  Henry  6th — Sir 
Friendly  Moral  in  Lady's  last  Stake — George  Barn- 
well. 

L.  I.  F.  and  C.  G.  1732-1733.  Acasto  in  Orphan 
— Voltore  in  Fox — Eumenes  in  Siege  of  Damascus 
— Jaffier — Herod  in  Mariamne — Altamont  in  F.  P. 
— Gloster  in  Lear — Timon  of  Athens. 

Hay.  1733-1734.  Hotspur— Archbishop  of  York  in 
Henry  4th  part  2d — Worthy  in  R.  O. — Oronooko— 
Frederick  in  Miser — Portius  in  Cato — Thorowgood 
in  London  Merchant — Othello. 


D.  L.    1741-1742.  655 

D.  L.  1734.  Sciolto — Antony  in  All  for  Love — 
Cranmer  in  Henry  8th  —  Sealand  in  Conscious 
Lovers. 

1734-1735.  Valentine  in  Love  for  Love — Osmyn 
in  Mourning  Bride — Torrismond — Essex — Moneses 
— Loveless  in  Relapse — Antony  in  Julius  Csesar— 
Carlos  in  Love  makes  a  Man — Ford — Mirabell  in 
Way  of  the  World — Phocyas  in  Siege  of  Damascus. 

1735-1736.  *Lusignan— Hamlet. 

1736-1737.  Belfond  Jun.  in  Squire  of  Alsatia— 
Alexander  the  Great — Constant  in  Provoked  Wife 
— Castalio — Orestes. 

1737-1738.  Loveless  in  Love's  last  Shift— Sem- 
pronius — Cassius — Macduff  —  Manly  in  Provoked 
Husband — Medley  in  Man  of  the  Mode— Elder 
Wou'dbe  in  Twin  Rivals — Lothario — Wolsey. 

1738-1739.  King  in  Henry  4th  part  2d— Lord 
Guilford  Dudley  in  Lady  Jane  Gray — Leon — Pedro 
in  Pilgrim — Jupiter  in  Amphitryon — *Mustapha  in 
ditto — Edgar —  H  astings. 

1739-1740.  Howard  in  Sir  Walter  Raleigh— Lord 
Hardy— (at  Clifden,  *Alfred.) 

1740-1741.  Goswin  in  Royal  Merchant — Orlando 
— Sebastian  in  Twelfth  Night — Bassanio  in  Mer- 
chant of  Venice. 

1741-1742.  King  in  All's  well  that  ends  well. 

*  Originally. 


END  OF  VOL.  III. 


PKINTED   BY   H.    E.    CARRINGTON, 
CHRONICLE  OFFICE,    BATH. 


0 


3  SECT.     MAY  1  3  1977. 


PLEASE  DO  NOT  REMOVE 
CARDS  OR  SLIPS  FROM  THIS  POCKET 

UNIVERSITY  OF  TORONTO  LIBRARY 


PN  Genes t,  John 

2581     Some  account  of  the 

G4  English  stage 

v.3 


