Accessions 


Shelf  No. 


JJaj  to/t  L  i//j  yii  v  \ 


%\. 


'  ////  ////'/',;    .  /"/////////    -  /;/■//  /f 


.;' 


Itosfcm  JJnWtr  f item 

\  y  /  /y  /'y   /y//y  //  /yy  y//    //yy  _  //////  /  y/  ( 


THEOBALD'S  EDITION  OF  SHAKESPEARE 
London,  1733. 


$2Hfr 


THE 


WORK 


O  F 


SHAKESTEAREt 

IN 

SEVEN  VOLUMES. 


Collated   with  the  Oldeft  Copies,  and  Corre&ed) 
With  N  O  T  E  S,  Explanatory,  and  Critical: 

By  Mr.    THEOBALD. 


Iy  Decus,  /,  nojirum :  melioribus  utere  Fatis.     Virg. 


LONDON: 

Printed  for  A.  Bettes  worth  and  C.  HitcHj 

J.  Tonson,    F.  Clay,    W.  Feales, 

and  R.  Wellington. 


MDCC  XXXIII. 

c 


/  * 


' 


*■/*■  /  Q 

r 

/ 


)l 


•.■uK***' 


THE 


WORKS 


O  F 


SHAKESTEARE: 


VOLUME   the    FIRST. 


CONTAINING, 


The  Tempest. 

The   Midsummer -Night's 
Dream. 

The  TwoGentlemen 
of  Verona. 


Merry  Wives  of  Windsor,, 

Measure  for  Measure. 

Much    Ado    about  No- 
thing. 


LONDON: 

Printed  for  A,Bettesworth  and  C.  Hitch, 

J.  T  q  n  s  o  n,     F,  Clay,   W.  Feales, 

and  R.  Wellington. 


M  DCC  XXXIJI. 


^^^ft*** 


DEDICATION. 

Shakefpeare:  and  my  Duty  could  do  no 
lefs  than  throw  the  Whole  under  Your 
Prote&ion. 

I  fhall  be  eafily  pardon'd,  tho*  I  fliould 
profefs  a  Sorrow  for  being  reduc'd  to 
make  You  this  unworthy  Offering  -y  be- 
caufe,  I  know,  Your  Lordfliip  is  truly 
a  Mourner  for  the  Neceffity.  The  good 
Lady  Orrery  (whofe  Memory  I  moft 
fincerely  venerate)  did  me  the  Honour 
of  making  her  early  Claim :  and  it 
comes  now  to  You  by  the  melancholy 
Right  of  Executorlhip,  Would  it  had 
Merit  enough  to  plead  its  Intereft  duly, 
as  an  Orphan  and  Relict  from  Co  dear  a 
Friend ! 

It  is  a  Maxim,  I  think,  My  Lord,  of 
Monfieur  Rochefoucault,  that  all  our 
A&ions  andDefires  flow  from  the  Spring 
of.  Self-love.  My  ardent,  but  vain, 
Wiflies  that  a  long  Life  might  crown 
the  Countefs  of  Orrery  s  Virtues,  I  may 
fay,  fprung  from  a  more  generous  Mo- 
tive. I  had  Your  Lordfhip's  Joy  and 
Intereft  principally  in  View :    and  wifli'd 

She 


DEDICATION. 

She  might  furvive,  both  to  have  made  hap- 
py Your  Bed,  and  fliared  in  the  Education 
of  thofe  dear  Pledges,  which  She  has 
left  You,  of  your  mutual  Affe&ion. 

caflum  utfervare  Cuhile 


Conjugis,  &poJfet  parvos  educere  Natos. 

I  have  Your  Lordlhip's  Word  for  it, 
that  She  was,  while  living,  my  very 
good  Friend :  an  Honour,  that  I  would 
wi(h  to  repay,  now  She  is  no  more,  by 
raiifing  a  Monument  of  Gratitude  to  her 
Name.  Without  aiming  at  her  Praife,  I 
can  barely  hope  to  dojuftice  to  her  Me- 
mory! Truth,  in  an  Epitaph  or  Cha- 
ra&eriftic,  may  do  the  World  fbme  Ser- 
vice, while  it  exhibits  a  Pattern  to  be 
follow'd  :  but  Flattery  (b  exceeds  all  Pro- 
portion, that  it  leaves  no  Room  for 
Imitation. 

I  never  left  your  Lordlhip's  Houfe, 
without  the  ftrongeft  Impreflions  of 
thofe  Sweets,  which  endear  Connubial 
Society.  All  the  Qualities,  that  can 
make  Woman  laflingly   amiable,     were 

A  x  centered 


DEDICATION. 

center'd   in    Lady  Orrery.      The  Fond- 
neft   of  a  Wife,    and    tender    Mother, 
were  eminently   confpicuous   in   all  her 
Behaviour.    It  was  a  Pleafure  to  her  to 
adapt   her  (elf  to  all  Your    Lordfliip's 
Sentiments :     and   You    could  honour 
None  with  any   Degree  of  your  Friend- 
fhip,  but  That  was  a  Merit  to  recommend 
them  to  her  Smiles.  In  her  Conversion, 
the    Vivacity   of   Youth    was    happily 
temper'd  with  the  Sagenefs  of  the  Ma- 
tron.   She  knew    how  to   be   pleafant 
without  Levity,   and  to  difplay  Wifdom 
dfvefted  of  all  its  difagreeable  Severities. 
With  what  Sweetnefs  of  Deportment  She 
behav'd  to  her  Domefticks,    was  vifible 
in  that  Love  and  Reverence  with  which 
they   obey'd  her.    She    maintain'd    the 
Refped;  due  to   her  Rank,  without  be- 
ing  either  fupercilious  or  affe&ed  :    yet 
at  the  fame  time   knew,    that  her  great 
Birth  and  Station  ought  not  to  fet  her 
above  being  the  Miftrefs  of  her  Family. 
Hence,   in   the  Point   of    your  Table, 
while  She  confulted  your  Quality,    She 

took 


DEDICATION. 

took  Care  of  your  Fortune.  Elegance 
was  (b  blended  with  Oeconomy  in  her 
Management,  it  (hew'd  Us  the  Diffe- 
rence betwixt  Plenty  and  Oftentation. 

I  have  prefumed,  Your  Lordfhip  will 
obferve,  to  draw  but  the  Outlines  of 
the  Pi&ure  •,  to  sketch  out  that  Sym- 
metry, which  diftinguifh'd  her  equally 
to  every  Beholder.  To  finifh  up  the 
Colouring  of  the  Whole,  is  above  my 
Strength  or  Vanity.  The  peculiar  Du- 
ties She  paid  either  to  Heaven,  or  your 
Lordfhip,  are  too  (acred  to  be  touch'd 
here.  They  (land  forbid  to  a  vulgar 
Approach;  and  I  choo(e,  as  in  the 
Jenvijh  Temples,  to  draw  a  Curtain  a- 
cro(s  that  Altar.  It  might  be  a  childifh 
Superftition,  perhaps,  to  imagine  her 
too  good  for  this  World;  but  we  feel 
to  our  Concern,  that  what  made  her 
revered  on  Earth,  qualified  her  too  early 
for  a  Saint  in  Heaven. 

Oftendunt terns hanc  tanturn Fataynecultra 
Efejinunt. 

A  j  I 


DEDICATION. 

I  fliould  fear,  my  Lord,  to  awake 
your  Sorrows  even  with  this  faint  Reca- 
pitulation of  her  Virtues,  did  I  not 
know,  the  Image  of  them  is  engraven 
pn  your  Heart;  and  I  am  paying  but 
the  Rices  of  a  pious,  and  fympathetick 
Refped.  As  I  am  proud  to  be  thought 
a  Client  and  Servant  of  your  Family, 
and  claim  Your  Lordfhip's  Patronage  as 
it  were  by  Defcent  from  your  Noble 
Father,  I  would  profefs  a  hcoming  Ia- 
tereft  in  whatever  affeBs  my  Patron. 

If  my  Duty,  My  Lord,  be  too  bold, 
I  have  it  to  plead  in  Excufe,  that  it  is 
in  fome  Meafure  warranted  by  your, 
own  Condudt  and  Behaviour.  That 
Eafinefs  of  Addrefs  with  which  I  have 
been  received  by  You,  and  that  Indul- 
gence which  you  are  pleas'd  to  fhew  mc 
on  every  Occafion,  ground  a  fort  of 
habitual  Freedom.  In  Conventions  with 
Your  Lordihip,  tho*  we  cannot  but  re- 
member the  Diftance  due  to  your  Qua- 
lity, yet  we  find  fomething  Co  engaging 
on  your  part,  that  we  imperceptibly  Aide 

on 


DEDICATION. 

on  the  very  Confines  of  Wiendjhip. 
Your  Sweetnefs  and  Affability  always 
put  me  in  mind  of  Ovid's  Apollo; 
he  reftrain'd  the  Luftre  of  his  Godhead, 
when  he  was  to  converfe  with  a  mortal 
Son; 

-= cirdum  Caput  omne  micantes 

Vepofmt  radios  ypropriufque  accederejujjit. 

So,  You,  my  Lord,  will  not  fuffer 
your  Quality  to  glare  upon  your  Infe- 
riors :  You  abati?  of  the  Splendour  of  a 
Patrician,  and  defcend  to  Us  in  the 
Light  of  the  eafy  agreeable  Gentleman. 

If  You  ever  ftiew  any  Referve,  it  is 
with  Regard  to  your  own  Modefty. 
You  there  labour  to  retire  within  Your 
(elf;  and  would  fain  fhut  Us  out  from 
the  Difcovery  of  Talents,  which  you 
cannot  reftrain  from  ftarting  to  Obfer- 
vation.  Your  Behaviour  refembles  That 
of  Pyramus  and  Thishe's  Parents,  in  a 
PafTage  which  has  employ 'd  the  Criticks ; 

Scd  vctufyc  patres  qwdmnpotuere  vetare, 

A  4  Fof 


D y  E  D  1  CA  T  I  0  N. 

For  I  have  always  underftood  it  thus, 
that  they  endeavour  d  to  forbid  what  they 
could  not  prevent.  The  Confeflion  I  am 
going  to  make,   my  Lord,  is  in  part  an 
Evidence  of  this  Truth.  I  had  defign'd  to 
obtrude  upon  You  what   I  had  to  fay 
critically  of  Shakefpeare  :■    but  your  Mo- 
defty  abfblutely  denied  my  Appeal.  You 
would  not  look  upon  your  felf  conver- 
fant  enough  in  my  Author  to   be   ap- 
pointed Judge  of  the  various  parts  of 
his  Character;    tho'    I    have   borrow'd 
many  Hints  from  hearing  You  converfe 
upon  him.     I   have  foften'd   the  Theft, 
Sir,  in  ExprefTion,  you  fee,  in  Regard  to 
my  felf;  and  Your  Lordfhip  may  reafb- 
nably  deny  the  Lofs  of  the  Jewels,  which 
I  have  difparag'd  in  the  unartful  Setting. 
I  may  very  truly  apply  to  You  the  Cha- 
racter, which  a  much  greater  Dedicator 
apply'd  to  a  Patron  not    fo  great :    In- 
genium  tale  ejl>  ut  etiam  fine  Uteris  widea- 
tur  outturn  effe  potuiffe  ;    tantum  autent  Li- 
terarum  confecutus  esy    ut   <vel  fatis    ad 
fummam  gloriam  ejfepojpt. 

But 


D  E  D  I  CAT1  0   N. 

But  1  am  aware,  that  in  thcfe  De- 
clarations I  am  trefpaffing  on  Your 
Lordfliip's  Patience.  That  Light  of  Ve- 
neration, in  which  I  view  You,  makes 
me  think  I  could  never  fay  too  much 
on  the  Subject :  and  that  nice  Diftruft, 
with  which  You  view  Your  (elf,  makes 
You  think  that  I  cannot  fay  too  little.  I 
can  only  know  that  I  am  forgiven,  in  be- 
ing continued  to  (hare  the  Honour  of 
YourEfteem;  and  indulg'd  in  the  Op- 
portunities of  approving  myfel£ 

My  LORD, 

Tour  Lords  hi  pV 

mofl  faithful  and  obedient 

humble  Servant* 

io  January y 
l7ih 

Lew.  Theobald. 


THE 

* 

P   RE   FACE. 


HE  Attempt  to  write  upon  Shake- 
■  spearje  is  like  going  into  a  large, 
a  fpacious,  and  a  fplendid  Dome 
thro*  the  Conveyance  of  a  narrow 
and  obfeure  Entry.  A  Glare  of  Light  fud- 
denly  breaks  upon  you,  beyond  what  the  Ave- 
nue at  firft  promis'd :  and  a  thoufand  Beauties 
of  Genius  and  Character,  like  fo  many  gau- 
dy Apartments  pouring  at  once  upon  the  Eye, 
diffufe  and  throw  themfelvcs  out  to  the  Mind. 
The  Profpeft  is  too  wide  to  come  within  the 
Compafs  of  a  fingle  View :  'tis  a  gay  Confu- 
fion  of  pleafing  Objefts,  too  various  to  be  en- 
joyed but  in  a  general  Admiration ;  and  they 
muft  be  feparated,  and  ey'd  diftin&ly,  in  or- 
der to  give  the  proper  Entertainment. 

And  as  in  great  Piles  of  Building,  fome 
Parts  are  often  finifh'd  up  to  hit  the  Tafte  of 
the  Connoijfeur ;  others  more  negligently  put 
together,  to  ftrike  the  Fancy  of  a  common 

and 


11 


The    PREFACE. 


and  unlearned  Beholder  :  Some  Parts  are 
made  ftupendioufly  magnificent  and  grand,  to 
furprize  with  the  vaft  Defign  and  Execution 
of  the  Architect;  others  are  contracted,  to 
amufe  you  with  his  Neatnefs  and  Elegance  in 
A  Sketch    little.  So,  in  Shakefpeare,  we  may  find  Traits 

i{eSareVC"  that  wil1  ftand  thc  Teft  of  the  fevereft  Judg- 
generai  ment ;  and  Strokes  as  carelefly  hit  off,  to  the 
"karaaer.  Level  of  the  more  ordinary  Capacities :  Some 
Defcriptions  rais'd  to  that  Pitch  of  Grandeur, 
as  to  aftonifh  you  with  the  Compafs  and  Ele- 
vation of  his  Thought  :  and  others  copying 
Nature  within  fo  narrow,  fo  confined  a  Cir- 
cle, as  if  the  Author's  Talent  lay  only  at 
drawing  in  Miniature. 

In  how  many  Points  of  Light  muft  we  be 
cblig'd  to  gaze  at  this  great  Poet !  In  how 
many  Branches  of  Excellence  to  confider,  and 
admire  him !  Whether  we  view  him  on  the 
Side  of  Art  or  Nature,  he  ought  equally  to 
engage  our  Attention  :  Whether  we  refpedt 
the  Force  and  Greatnefs  of  his  Genius,  the 
Extent  of  his  Knowledge  and  Reading,  the 
Power  and  Addrefs  with  which  he  throws  out 
and  applies  either  Nature,  or  Learning,  there 
is  ample  Scope  both  for  our  Wonder  and 
Pleafure.  If  his  Di&ion,  and  the  cloathing 
of  his  Thoughts  attract  us,  how  much  more 
muft  we  be  charm'd  with  the  Richnefs,  and 
Variety,  of  his  Images  and  Ideas !  If  his  Ima- 
ges and  Ideas  fteal  into  our  Souls,  and  ftrike 
upon  our  Fancy,  how  much  are  they  improv'd 

in 


The     PREFACE.  iii 

in  Price,  when  we  come  to  reflect  with  what 
Propriety  and  Juftnefs  they    are   apply'd    to 
Chara&er  !    If  we  look  into  his  Characters, 
and  how  they  are  furnifh'd  and  proportion'd 
to   the  Employment  he   cuts  out  for  them, 
how  are  we  taken  up  with  the  Maftery  of  his 
Portraits!  What  Draughts  of  Nature!  What 
Variety  of  Originals,  and  how  differing  each 
from  the  other !  How  are  they  drefs'd  from 
the  Stores  of  his  own  luxurious  Imagination; 
without  being  the  Apes  of  Mode,  or  borrow- 
ing  from  any   foreign  Wardrobe  !    Each  of 
Them  are  the  Standards  of  Fafhion  for  them- 
felves  :   like   Gentlemen  that  are   above  the 
Direction  of  their  Tailors,    and   can   adorn 
themfelves  without  the  Aid  of  Imitation.     If 
other  Poets  draw  more  than  one  Fool  or  Cox- 
comb, there  is  the  fame  Refemblance  in  them, 
as  in  that  Painter's  Draughts,  who  was  happy 
only  at   forming  a  Rofe:  you  find   them  all 
younger  Brothers  of  the  fame  Family,  and  all 
of  them   have  a   Pretence  to  give  the  fame 
Creft  :    But   Shakefpeare's  Clowns  and  Fops 
come  all  of  a  different  Houfe :    they  are  no 
farther  allied  to  one  another  than  as  Man  to 
Man,  Members  of  the  fame  Species :  but  as 
different  in  Features  and  Lineaments  of  Cha- 
racter, as  we  are  from  one  another  in  Face, 
or  Complexion.     But  I  am  unawares  launch- 
ing into  his  Character  as  a  Writer,    before  J 
have  faid  what  I  intended  of  him  as  a  pri- 
vate Member  of  the  Republick. 

Mr. 


iv  The    PREFACE. 

Some  Par-  Mr.  R&vbe  has  very  juftly  obferv'd,  that 
hiftrL  ^Peo!pte  aife  f°nd  of  difcovering  any  little  per- 
vate  Life,  fenal  Story  of  the  Great  Men  of  Antiquity : 
and  that  th'e  common  Accidents  of  their  Lives 
naturally  become  the  Subjedt  of  our  critical 
Enquiries  :  That  however  trifling  foch  a  Cu- 
riofity  at  the  firft  View  may  appear,  yet,  as 
for  what  relates  to  Men  of  Letters,  the  Know- 
ledge of  an  Author  may,  perhaps,  fometimes 
conduce  to  the  better  underftanding  his  Works : 
And,  indeed,  this  Author's  Works,  from  the 
bad  Treatment  he  has  met  With  from  his  E- 
ditors,  have  fo  long  wahtfed  a  Comment,  that 
one  would  zealoufly  embrace  every  Method 
of  Information,  that  could  contribute  to  re- 
cover them  from  the  Injuries  with  which 
they  have  fo  long  lain  o'erwhelm'd. 

'Tis  certain,  that  if  we  have  firft  admir'd 
the  Man  in  his  Writings,  his  Cafe  is  fo  cir- 
'  cumftanc'd,   that  we  muft  naturally  admire 

the  Writings  in  the  Man  :  That  if  we  go 
back  to  take  a  View  of  his  Education,  and 
the  Employment  in  Life  which  Fortune  had 
cut;  out  for  him,  we  fhall  retain  the  ftronger 
Ideas  of  his  extenfive  Genius. 

His  Father,  we  are  told,  was  a  confiderafcle 
Dealer  in  Wool;  but  having  no  fewer  than 
ten  Children,  of  whtfm  our  Shakejfteare  Was 
the  eldeft,  the  beft  Education  he  could  afford 
him  was  no  better  than  to  qualify  him  for 
his  own  Bufinefs  and  Employment.  I  can- 
not affirm  with  any  Certainty  how  long  his 

Father 


The    PREFACE. 

Father  liv'd;  but  I  take  him  to  be  the  fam* 
Mr.  John  Shakefpeare  who  was  living  in  the 
Year  1599,  and  who  then,  in  Honour  of  his 
Son,  took  out  an  Extract  of  his  Family- Arms 
from  the  Herald's  Office  5  by  which  it  ap- 
pears, that  he  had  been  Officer  and  Bailiff  of 
Stratford,  and  that  he  enjoy 'd  fome  heredita- 
ry Lands  and  Tenements,  the  Reward  of  his 
Great  Grandfather's  faithful  and  approved  Ser- 
vice to  King  Henry  VII. 

Be  this  as  it  will,  our  Shakefpeare^  it  feetns, 
was  bred  for  fome  Time  at  a  Free-School ; 
the  very  Free-School,  I  prefume,  founded  at 
Stratford :  where,  we  are  told,  he  acquired 
what  Latin  he  was  Mafter  of:  but,  that  his 
Father  being  oblig'd,  thro*  Narrownefs  of 
Circumftance,  to  withdraw  him  too  foon 
from  thence,  he  was  fo  unhappily  prevented 
from  making  any  Proficiency  in  the  Dead 
Languages :  A  Point,  that  will  deferve  fome  lit- 
tle Difcuffion  in  the  Sequel  of  this  Diflertation. 

How  long  he  continued  in  his  Father's 
Way  of  Bufinefs,  either  as  an  Affiftant  to 
him,  or  on  his  own  proper  Account,  no  No- 
tices are  left  to  inform  us  :  nor  have  I  been 
able  to  learn  precifely  at  what  Period  of  Life 
he  quitted  his  native  Stratford,  and  began 
his  Acquaintance  with  London,  and  the  Stage. 

In  order  to  fettle  in  the  World  after  a  Fa- 
mily-manner, he  thought  fit,  Mr.  Rowe  ac- 
quaints us,  to  marry  while  he  was  yet  very 
young.    It  is  certain,  he  did  fo  :  for  by  the 

Monu- 


vi  [The    PREFACE. 

Monument,  in  Stratford  Church,  erected  to 
the  Memory  of  his  Daughter  Sufanna,  the 
Wife  of  John  Hall,  Gentleman,  it  appears, 
that  fhe  died  on  the  2d  Day  of  July  in  the 
Year  1649,  aged  66.  So  that  She  was  born 
in  1583,  when  her  Father  could  not  be  full 
19  Years  old;  who  was  himfelf  born  in  the 
Year  1564.  Nor  was  She  his  eldeft  Child, 
for  he  had  another  Daughter,  Judith,  who 
was  born  before  her,  and  who  was  married  to 
one  Mr.  Thomas  §>uiney.  So  that  Shakefpeare 
muft  have  entred  into  Wedlock,  by  that  Time 
he  was  turn'd  of  feventeen  Years. 

Whether  the  Force  of  Inclination  merely, 
or  fome  concurring  Circumftances  of  Con- 
venience in  the  Match,  prompted  him  to 
marry  fo  early,  is  not  eafy  to  be  determin'd 
at  this  Diftance :  but  'tis  probable,  a  View  of 
Intereft  might  partly  fway  his  Condudt  in 
this  Point :  for  he  married  the  Daughter  of 
one  Hathaway,  a  fubftantial  Yeoman  in  his 
Neighbourhood,  and  She  had  the  Start  of 
him  in  Age  no  lefs  than  8  Years.  She  fur- 
viv'd  him,  notwithftanding,  itvtn  Seafons, 
and  dy'd  that  very  Year  in  which  the  Players 
publifh'd  the  firft  Edition  of  his  Works  in 
Folio,  Anno  Dom.  1623,  at  the  Age  of  67 
Years,  as  we  likewife  learn  from  her  Monu- 
ment in  Stratford-Church. 

How  long  he  continued   in  this    kind   of 

-Settlement,    upon  his  own  Native  Spot,    is 

not  more  eafily  to  be  determin'd.     But  if  the 

Tra- 


The    PREFACE.  vii 

Tradition  be  true,  of  that  Extravagance  which 
forc'd  him  both  to  quit  his  Country  and  way 
of  Living;  to  wit,  his  being  engag'd,  with  a 
Knot  of  young  Deer-ftealers,  to  rob  the  Park 
of  Sir  Thomas  Lucy  of  Cherlecot  near  Strat- 
ford: the  Enterprize  favours  fo  much  of  Youth 
and  Levity,  we  may  reafonably  fuppofe  it 
Was  before  he  could  write  full  Man.  Befides, 
confidering  he  has  left  us  fix  and  thirty  Plays, 
which  are  avow'd  to  be  genuine ;  ( to  throw 
out  of  the  Queftion  thofe  Seven,  in  which  his 
Title  is  difputed:  tho'  I  can,  beyond  all  Con- 
troversy, prove  fome  Touches  in  every  one 
of  them  to  come  from  his  Pen:)  and  confix 
dering  too,  that  he  had  retir'd  from  the  Stage, 
to  fpend  the  latter  Part  of  his  Days  at  his 
own  Native  Stratford;  the  Interval  of  Time, 
neceflarily  required  for  the  finifhing  fo  many 
Dramatic  Pieces,  obliges  us  to  fuppofe  he 
threw  himfelf  very  early  upon  the  Play-houfe* 
And  as  he  could,  probably,  contract  no  Ac- 
quaintance with  the  Drama,  while  he  was 
driving  on  the  Affair  of  Wool  at  home;  fome 
Time  muft  be  loft,  even  after  he  had  com- 
mene'd  Player,  before  he  could  attain  Know- 
ledge enough  in  the  Science  to  qualify  him* 
felf  for  turning  Author. 

It  has  been  obferv'd  by  Mr.  Rowe^  that, 
amongft  other  Extravagancies  which  our  Au- 
thor has  given  to  his  Sir  John  Falftaffe^  in  the 
Merry  Wives  of  Windfor,  he  has  made  him  a 
Deer-ftealer;  and  that  he  might  at  the  fame 

%  lime 


viii  The     PREFACE. 

time  remember  his  Warwickfjire  Profecutor* 
tinder  the  Name  of  Juftice  Shallow,  he  has 
given  him  very  near  the  fame  Coat  of  Arms, 
which  Dugdale,  in  his  Antiquities  of  that 
County,  defcribes  for  a  Family  there.  There 
are  two  Coats,  I  obferve,  in  Dugdale,  where 
three  Silver  Fifties  are  borne  in  the  Name  of 
Lucy  ;  and  another  Coat,  to  the  Monument  of 
^Thomas  Lucy,  Son  of  Sir  William  Lucy,  in, 
which  are  quarter'd  in  four  feveral  Divifions, 
twelve  little  Fifties,  three  in  each  Divifion, 
probably  Luces.  This  very  Coat,  indeed, 
feems  alluded  to  in  Shallow's  giving  the  dozen 
White  Luces,  and  in  Slender  faying,  he  may 
quarter.  When  I  confider  the  exceeding  Can- 
dour and  Good-nature  of  our  Author,  (which 
inclin'd  all  the  gentler  Part  of  the  World  to 
love  him  ;  as  the  Power  of  his  Wit  obliged 
the  Men  of  the  moft  delicate  Knowledge  and 
polite  Learning  to  admire  him  ; )  and  that  he 
fhou  Id  throw  this  humorous  Piece  of  Satire  at 
his  Profecutor,  at  leaft  twenty  Years  after 
the  Provocation  given  5  I  am  confidently  per- 
fuaded  it  muft  be  owing  to  an  unforgiving 
Rancour  on  the  Profecutor's  Side  :  and  if 
This  was  the  Cafe,  it  were  Pity  but  the  Dif- 
grace  of  fuch  an  Inveteracy  fhould  remain  as 
a  lafting  Reproach,  and  Shallow  fland  as  a 
Mark  of  Ridicule  to  ftigmatize  his  Malice. 

It  is  faid,  our  Author  fpent  fomc  Years  be- 
fore his  Death,  in  Eafe,  Retirement,  and  the 
Conversation  of  his  Friends,    at  his   Native 

Strat- 


The    PREFACE.  3 

Stratford.  I  could  never  pick  up  any  certain 
Intelligence,  when  He  relinquifh'd  the  Stage. 
I  know,  it  has  been  miftakenly  thought  by 
fome,  that  Spenfers  Thalia,  in  his  Tears  of 
his  Mufes,  where  fhe  laments  the  Lofs  of  her 
Willy  in  the  Comic  Scene,  has  been  apply'd 
to  our  Author's  quitting  the  Stage.  But  Spen- 
fer  himfelf,  'tis  well  known,  quitted  the  Stage 
of  Life  in  the  Year  1598;  and,five  Years  after 
this,  we  find  Shakejpeare's  Name  among  the 
Adtors  in  Ben  Jonfons  Sejanus,  which  firfl 
made  its  Appearance  in  the  Year  1603.  Nor, 
furely,  could  he  then  have  any  Thoughts  of 
retiring,  fince,  that  very  Year,  a  Licence  un- 
der the  Privy-Seal  was  granted  by  K.  James  I. 
to  him  and  Fletcher,  Burbage,  Phillippes,  Hem- 
ings,  Condel,  &c.  authorizing  them  to  exercife 
the  Art  of  playing  Comedies,  Tragedies,  &c. 
as  well  at  their  ufual  Houfe  call'd  the  Globe 
on  the  other  Side  of  the  Water,  as  in  any 
other  Parts  of  the  Kingdom*  during  his  Ma- 
jefty's  Pleafure :  (A  Copy  of  which  Licence  is 
preferv'd  in  Rymers  Fcedera.)  Again,  'tis 
certain,  that  Shakefpeare  did  not  exhibit  his 
Macbeth,  till  after  the  Union  was  brought  a- 
bout,  and  till  after  K.  James  I.  had  begun 
to  touch  for  the  Evil:  for  'tis  plain,  he  has 
infer  ted  Compliments,  on  both  thofe  Ac- 
counts, upon  his  Royal  Mafter  in  that  Tra- 
gedy. Nor,  indeed,  could  the  Number  of 
the  Dramatic  Pieces,  he  produced,  admit  of 
his  retiring  near  fo  early  as  that  Period.     So 

a  2  that 


The    PREFACE. 

that  what  Spenfer  there  fays,  if  it  relate  at 
all  to  Shakefpeare,  muft  hint  at  fome  occafi- 
onal  Recefs  he  made  for  a  time  upon  a  Dif- 
guft  taken :  or  the  Willy,  there  mention'd, 
muft  relate  to  fome  other  favourite  Poet.  I 
believe,  we  may  fafely  determine  that  he  had 
not  quitted  in  the  Year  16 10.  For  in  his  Tern- 
pejl,  our  Author  makes  mention  of  the  Ber- 
muda Iflands,  which  were  unknown  to  the 
Englijh,  till,  in  1609,  Sir  John  Summers  made 
a  Voyage  to  North- America,  and  difcover'd 
them :  and  afterwards  invited  fome  of  his 
Countrymen  to  fettle  a  Plantation  there. 
That  he  became  the  private  Gentleman  at  leaft 
three  Years  before  his  Deceafe,  is  pretty  ob- 
vious from  another  Circumftance :  I  mean, 
from  that  remarkable  and  well-known  Story, 
which  Mr.  Rowe  has  given  us  of  our  Author's 
Intimacy  with  Mr.  John  Combe,  an  old  Gen- 
tleman noted  thereabouts  for  his  Wealth  and 
Ufury:  and  upon  whom  Shakefpeare  made 
the  following  facetious  Epitaph. 

Ten  in  the  hundred  lies  here  in-grav'd, 
"Tis  a  hundred  to  ten  his  Soul  is  not  favd-, 
If  any  Man  ask  who  lies  in  this  Tomb, 
Oh!  oh!  quoth  the  Devil,  'tis  my  John-a- 
Combe. 

This  farcaftical  Piece  of  Wit  was,  at  the 
Gentleman's  own  Requeft,  thrown  out  extem- 
porally  in  his  Company.  And  this  Mr.  John 
Combe  I  take  to  be  the  fame,  who,  by  Dug- 

dale 


<c 

C< 

(I 

CI 

cc 

tc 


7%<?    PREFACE. 

dale  in  his  Antiquities  of  Warwickjhire,  is  faid 
to  have  dy'd  in  the  Year  1614,  and  for  whom 
at  the  upper  End  of  the  Quire,  of  the 
Guild  of  the  Holy  Crofs  at  Stratford,  a  fair 
Monument  is  eredted,  having  a  Statue  there- 
on cut  in  Alabafter,  and  in  a  Gown  with 
this  Epitaph.  c<  Here  lyeth  enterr'd  the  Body 
of  John  Combe  Efq;  who  dy'd  the  10th  of 
July,  16 14,  who  bequeathed  feveral  An- 
nual Charities  to  the  Parifti  of  Stratford, 
and  100/.  to  be  lent  to  fifteen  poor  Tradef- 
men  from  three  years  to  three  years,  chan- 
ging the  Parties  every  third  Year,  at  the 
Rate  of  fifty  Shillings  per  Annum,  the  In- 
creafe  to  be  diftributed  to  the  Almes-poor 
<c  there."  —  The  Donation  has  all  the  Air  of 
a  rich  and  fagacious  Ufurer. 

Shakefpeare  himfelf  did  not  furvive  Mr. 
Combe  long,  for  he  dy'd  in  the  Year  16 16,  the 
53d  of  his  Age.  He  lies  buried  on  the 
North  Side  of  the  Chancel  in  the  great 
Church  at  Stratford  ;  where  a  Monument,  de- 
cent enough  for  the  Time,  is  eredled  to  him, 
and  plac'd  againft  the  Wall.  He  is  reprefented 
under  an  Arch  in  a  fitting  Pofture,  a  Cufhi- 
on  fpread  before  him,  with  a  Pen  in  his 
Right  Hand,  and  his  Left  refled  on  a  Scrowl 
of  Paper.  The  Latin  Diftich,  which  is 
placed  under  the  Cufhion,  has  been  given  us 
by  Mr.  Pope,  or  his  Graver,  in  this  Man- 
ner. 

a  3  INGE- 


XI 


xii  The    PREFACE. 

INGENIO   Pylium,    Genio    Socratcm3 
Arte  Maronem, 

Tterra  tegit,  Populus  mceret,  Olympus  habet* 

I  confefs,  I  don't  conceive  the  Difference  be- 
twixt Ingenio  and  Genio  in  the  firft  Verfe, 
They  feem  to  me  intirely  fynonomous  Terms  °, 
nor  was  the  Pylian  Sage  Nejior  celebrated  for 
his  Ingenuity,  but  for  an  Experience  and  Judg- 
ment owing  to  his  long  Age.  Dugdale,  in 
bis  Antiquities  of  Warwick/hire,  has  copied  this 
Diftich  with  a  Diftinftion  which  Mr.  Rowe 
has  follow'd,  and  which  certainly  reftores  us 
the  true  meaning  of  the  Epitaph. 

yUD ICIO  Pylium,  Genio  Socratem,  &c. 

In  1614,  the  greater  part  of  the  Town  of 
Stratford  was  confumed  by  Fire  $  but  our 
Sbake/peare's  Houfe,  among  fome  others,  e- 
fcap'd  the  Flames.  This  Houfe  was  firft  built 
by  Sir  Hugh  Clopton,  a  younger  Brother  of  an 
ancient  Family  in  that  Neighbourhood,  who 
took  their  Name  from  the  Manor  of  Clopton. 
Sir  Hugh  was  Sheriff  of  London  in  the  Reign 
of  Richard  III,  and  Lord  Mayor  in  the 
Reign  of  King  Henry  VII.  To  this  Gen- 
tleman the  Town  of  Stratford  is  indebted 
for  the  line  Stone-bridge,  confiding  of  four- 
teen Arches,  which  at  an  extraordinary  Ex- 
pence  he  built  over  the  Avon,  together  with 
a  Caufe- way  running  at  the  Weft-end  thereof; 

as 


The    P  R  E  F  A  C  E. 

as  alfo  for  rebuilding  the  Chapel  adjoining 
to  his  Houfe,  and  the  Crofs-Ifle  in  the  Church 
there.  It  is  remarkable  of  him,  that,  tho'  he 
liv'd  and  dy'd  a  Batchelor,  among  the  other 
extenfive  Charities  which  he  left  both  to  the 
City  of  London  and  Town  of  Stratford^  he 
bequeathe  confiderable  Legacies  for  the  Mar- 
riage of  poor  Maidens  of  good  Name  and 
Fame  both  in  London  and  at  Stratford.  Not- 
withstanding which  large  Donations  in  his 
Life,  and  Bequefts  at  his  Death,  as  he  had 
purchafed  the  Manor  of  Clopton,  and  all  the 
Eftate  of  the  Family,  fo  he  left  the  fame  a- 
gain  to  his  Elder  Brother's  Son  with  a  very 
great  Addition :  (a  Proof,  how  well  Benefi- 
cence and  Oeconomy  may  walk  hand  in 
hand  in  wife  Families :)  Good  part  of  which 
Eftate  is  yet  in  the  PofTeffion  of  Edward 
C/opton,  Efq;  and  Sir  Hugh  Clopton,  Knr. 
lineally  defcended  from  the  Elder  Brother  of 
the  firftSir  Hugh:  Who  particularly  bequeath*- 
ed  to  his  Nephew,  by  his  Will,  his  Houfe, 
by  the  Name  of  his  Great-houfe  in  Stratford. 

The  Eftate  had  now  been  fold  out  of  the 
Clopton  Family  for  above  a  Century,  at  the 
Time  when  Shakefpeare  became  the  Purchafer : 
who,  having  repair'd  and  modelled  it  to  his 
own  Mind,  chang'd  the  Name  to  New-place  i 
which  the  Manfion-houfe,  fince  eredted  up- 
on the  fame  Spot,  at  this  day  retains.  The 
Houfe  and  Lands,  which  attended  it,  con^- 
t-inued   in    Shakefpeare 's  Defendants  to  the 

a  4  T'mm. 


xm 


\* 


xiv  The    PREFACE. 

Time  of  the  Restoration:  when  they  were 
repurchafed  by  the  Clopton  Family,  and  the 
Manfion  now  belongs  to  Sir  Hugh  Clopton,  Knt. 
To  the  Favour  of  this  worthy  Gentleman  I 
owe  the  Knowledge  of  one  Particular,  in 
Honour  of  our  Poet's  once  Dwelling-houfe, 
of  which,  I  prefume,  Mr.  Row  e  never  was 
appriz'd.  When  the  Civil  War  raged  in  'Eng- 
land\  and  K.  Charles  the  FirJFs  Queen  was 
driven  by  the  Neceffity  of  Affairs  to  make  a 
Recefs  in  Warwick/hire ,  She  kept  her  Court 
for  three  Weeks  in  New-place.  We  may  rear 
fonably  fuppofe  it  then  the  beft  private  Houfe 
in  the  Town ;  and  her  Majefty  preferr'd  it  to 
the  College,  which  was  in  the  Poffeffion  of 
the  Combe-Family,  who  did  not  fo  ftrongly 
favour  the  King's  Party. 

How  much  our  Author  employ 'd  himfelf 
in  Poetry,  after  his  Retirement  from  the 
Stage,  does  not  fo  evidently  appear :  Very  few 
pofthumous  Sketches  of  his  Pen  have  been  re- 
eover'd  to  afcertain  that  Point.  We  have 
been  told,  indeed,  in  Print,  but  not  till  very 
lately,  That  two  large  Chefts  full  of  thi$ 
Great  Man's  loofe  Papers  and  Manufcripts,  in 
the  Hands  of  an  ignorant  Baker  of  Warwick^ 
(who  married  one  of  the  Defcendants  from 
our  Sbakefpeare)  were  carelefly  fcatter'd  and 
thrown  about,  as  Garret-Lumber,  and  Litter, 
to  the  particular  Knowledge  of  the  late  Sir 
William  Bijhop,  till  they  were  all  confumed 
in  the  general  Fire  and  Definition  of  that 

Town? 


The    PREFACE. 


xv 


Town.  I  cannot  help  being  a  little  apt  to 
diftruft  the  Authority  of  this  Tradition  $  be- 
caufe  as  his  Wife  furviv'dhim  feven  Years,  and 
as  his  Favourite  Daughter  Sufanna  furviv'd 
her  twenty  fix  Years,  'tis  very  improbable, 
they  fhould  fuffer  fuch  a  Treafure  to  be  re- 
mov'd,  and  tranflated  into  a  remoter  Branch 
of  the  Family,  without  a  Scrutiny  firft  made 
into  the  Value  of  it.  This,  I  fay,  inclines 
me  to  diftruft  the  Authority  of  the  Relation : 
but,  notwithftanding  fuch  an  apparent  Im- 
probability, if  we  really  loft  fuch  a  Treafure, 
by  whatever  Fatality  or  Caprice  of  Fortune 
they  came  into  fuch  ignorant  and  negle&ful 
Hands,  I  agree  with  the  Relater,  the  Mif- 
fortune  is  wholly  irreparable. 

To  thefe  Particulars,  which  regard  his  Per- 
fon  and  private  Life,  feme  few  more  are  to  be 
glean'd  from  Mr.  Rowe's  Account  of  his 
Life  and  Writings :  Let  us  now  take  a  fhort  His  Cha- 
View  of  him  in  his  publick  Capacity,  as  a  Writer"* 
Writer:  and,  from  thence,  the  Tranfition 
will  be  eafy  to  the  State  in  which  his  Wri- 
tings have  been  handed  down  to  us. 

No  Age,  perhaps,  can  produce  an  Author 
more  various  from  himfelf,  than  Shakefpeare 
has  been  univerfally  acknowledge  to  be.  The 
Diverfity  in  Stile,  and  other  Parts  of  Com- 
pofition,  fo  obvious  in  him,  is  as  varioufly  to 
be  accounted  for.  His  Education,  we  find, 
was  at  beft  but  begun:  and  he  ftarted  early 
ipto  a  Science  from  the  Force  of  Genius,  un- 
equally 


svi  the    P  R  E  F  A  C  B. 

equally  aflifted  by  aequir'd  Improvements. 
His  Fire,  Spirit,  and  Exuberance  of  Imagina- 
tion gave  an  Impetuofity  to  his  Pen:  His 
Ideas  flow'd  from  nim  in  a  Stream  rapid,  but 
not  turbulent;  copious,  but  not  ever  over- 
bearing its  Shores.  The  Eafe  and  Sweetnefs 
of  his  Temper  might  hot  a  little  contribute  to 
his  Facility  in  Writing :  as  his  Emplbyment, 
as  a  Player)  gave  him  an  Advantage  and  Ha- 
bit of  fancying  himfelf  the  very  Character  he 
meant  to  delineate.  He  ufcd  the  Helps  of 
tis  Fundidn  in  forming  himfelf  to  create  and 
exprefs  that  Sublime,  wiich  other  Adlors  can 
only  copy,  arid  throw  out,  iq.  Aftion  and 
graceful  Attitude,  But  Nullum Jine  Venid  pla- 
cuit  Ingenium,  fays  Seneca.  The  Genius,  that 
gives  us  the  greateft  Pleafure,  fometimes 
ftands  in  Need  of  our  Indulgence.  When- 
ever this  happens  with  regard  to  Shakejpeare, 
I  would  willingly  impute  it  to  a  Vice  of  bis 
'Times.  We  fee  Complaifance  enough,  in  our 
own  Days,  paid  to  a  bad  Tajle.  His  Clinches, 
falfe  Wit,  and  defcending  beneath  himfelf, 
feem  to  be  a  Deference  paid  to  reigning  Bar- 
barifm.  He  was  a  Sampfon  in  Strength,  but 
he  fuffer'd  fome  fuch  Dalilah  to  give  him  up 
to  the  Philijlines. 

As  I  have  mention'd  the  Sweetnefs  of  his 
Difpofition,  I  am  tempted  to  make  a  Reflexi- 
on or  two  on  a  Sentiment  of  his,  which,  X 
am  perfumed,  came  from  the  Heart. 

7be 


PREFACE.  Xvii 

The  Man,  that  hath  no  Mufick  in  him/elf, 
Nor   is   not   mov'd  with   Concord  of  fweet 

Sounds, 
Is  ft  for  Treafons,  Stratagems,  and  Spoils  : 
*The  Motions  of  his  Spirit  are  dull  as  Night, 
And  his  AffeSiions  dark  as  Erebus : 
Let  no  fuch  Man  be  trufted.  ■ 

Shakejpeare  was  all  Opennefs,  Candour,  and  Aiwerlf- 
Complacence ;  and  had  fuch  a  Share  of  H'ar-  Muflc  ' 
mony  in  his  Frame  and  Temperature,  that 
we  have  no  Reafon  to  doubt,  from  a  Num- 
ber of  fine  Paffages,  Allufions,  Similies,  &c. 
fetch'd  from  Mufick,  but  that  He  was  a  paf-  k 
fionate  Lover  of  it.  And  to  this,  perhaps,  we 
may  owe  that  great  Number  of  Sonnets,  which 
are  fprinkled  thro'  his  Plays.  I  have  found, 
that  the  Stanza's  fung  by  the  Gravedigger  in 
Hamlet,  are  not  of  Shakefpeares  own  Cpm- 
pofition,  but  owe  their  Original  to  the  oI4 
Earl  of  Surrey's  Poems.  Many  other  of  his 
Occafional  little  Songs,  I  doubt  not,  but  he 
purpofely  copied  from  his  Contemporary  Wri- 
ters j  fometimes,  out  of  Banter;  fometimes, 
to  do  them  Honour.  The  Manner  of  their 
Introduction,  and  the  Ufes  to  which  he  has 
affigned  them,  will  eafily  determine  for  which 
of  the  Reafons  they  are  refpedtively  employ 'd. 
In  As  you  like  it,  there  are  feveral  little  Co- 
pies of  Verfes  on  Rofalind,  which  are  faid  to 
be  the  right  Butter-woman's  Rank  to  Market, 
and  the  very  fa Ife  Gallop  of  Verfes.  Dr.  Tho- 
mas 


xviii  The    PREFACE. 

mas  Lodge,  &  Phyfician  who  flourifh'd  early 
in  Queen  Elizabeth's  Reign,  and  was  a  great 
Writer  of  the  Paftoral  Songs  and  Madrigals, 
which  were  fo  much  the  Strain  of  thofe 
Times,  compofed  a  whole  Volume  of  Poems 
in  Praife  of  his  Miftrefs,  whom  he  calls  Rofa- 
linde.  I  never  yet  could  meet  with  this  Col- 
lection; but  whenever  I  do,  I  am  perfuaded, 
I  fhall  find  many  of  our  Author's  Canzonets 
on  this  Subject  to  be  Scraps  of  the  Doctor's 
amorous  Mufe  :  as,  perhaps,  thofe  by  Biron 
too,  and  the  other  Lovers  in  Love's  Labour  s 
loft,   may  prove  to  be.  i 

It  has  been  remark'd  in  the  Courfe  of  my 
Notes,  that  Mufick  in  our  Author's  time  had 
a  very  different  Ufe  from  what  it  has  now. 
At  this  Time,  it  is  only  employ'd  to  raife  and 
inflame  the  Paflions ;  it,  then,  was  apply'd 
to  calm  and  allay  all  kinds  of  Perturbations. 
And,  agreeable  to  this  Obfervation,  through- 
out all  Shakejpeare's  Plays,  where  Mufick  is 
either  actually  ufed,  or  its  Powers  defcrib'd, 
it  is  chiefly  faid  to  be  for  thefe  Ends.  His 
Twelfth-Nighty  particularly,  begins  with  a 
fine  Reflexion  that  admirably  marks  its  footh- 
ing  Properties. 

That  Strain  again;  — 7/  had  a  dying  Fall. 
Oh,  it  came  der  my  Ear  like  thefweet  South, 
That  breathes  upon  a  Bank  of  Violets, 
Stealing  and  giving  Odour  ! 

This 


The    PREFACE. 


XIX 


This  Similitude  is  remarkable  not  only  for 
the  Beauty  of  the  Image  that  it  prefents,  but 
likewife  for  the  Exaftnefs  to  the  Thing  com- 
pared. This  is  a  way  of  Teaching  peculiar 
to  the  Poets ;  that,  when  they  would  defcribe 
the  Nature  of  any  thing,  they  do  it  not  by  a 
diredt  Enumeration  of  its  Attributes  or  Qua- 
lities, but  by  bringing  fomething  into  Com- 
parifon,  and  defcribing  thofe  Qualities  of  it 
that  are  of  the  Kind  with  thofe  in  the  Thing 
compared.  So,  here  for  inftance,  the  Poet 
willing  to  inftrudl  in  the  Properties  of  Mu- 
fick,  in  which  the  fame  Strains  have  a  Power 
to  excite  Pleafure,  or  Pain,  according  to  that 
State  of  Mind  the  Hearer  is  then  in,  does  it 
by  prefenting  the  Image  of  a  fweet  South 
Wind  blowing  o'er  a  Violet-bank;  which 
wafts  away  the  Odour  of  the  Violets,  and  at 
the  fame  time  communicates  to  it  its  own 
Sweetnefs :  by  This  infinuating,  that  affecting 
Mufick,  tho'  it  takes  away  the  natural  fweet 
Tranquillity  of  the  Mind,  yet,  at  the  fame 
time,  communicates  a  Pleafure  the  Mind  felt 
not  before.  This  Knowledge,  of  the  fame 
Objedts  being  capable  of  railing  two  contrary 
Affedtions,  is  a  Proof  of  no  ordinary  Progrefs 
in  the  Study  of  human  Nature.  The  general  Milton  an 
Beauties  of  thofe  two  Poems  of  Milton,  ^f° 
intitled,  &  Allegro  and  II  Penforofo,  are  obvi- 
ous to  all  Readers,  becaufe  the  Defcriptions 
are  the  mod  poetical  in  the  World ;  yet  there 
is  a  peculiar  Beauty  in  thofe  two  excellent 

Pieces, 


xx  The?  R  E  PA  C  E. 

Pieces,  that  will  much  enhance  the  Value  of 
them  to  the  more  capable  Readers;  which 
has  never,  I  think,  been  obferv'd.  The 
Images,  in  each  Poem,  which  he  raifes  to 
excite  Mirth  and  Melancholy,  are  exa&ly  the 
fame,  only  (hewn  in  different  Attitudes.  Had 
a  Writer,  lefs  acquainted  with  Nature,  given 
US  two  Poems  on  thefe  Subjects,  he  would 
have  been  fure  to  have  fought  out  the  moft 
contrary  Images  to  raife  thefe  contrary  Paf- 
fions.  And,  particularly,  as  Shakefpeare,  in 
the  Paffage  I  am  now  commenting,  fpeaks  of 
thefe  different  Effedts  in  Mufickj  fo  Milton 
has  brought  it  into  each  Poem  as  the  Exci- 
ter of  each  Affection:  and  left  we  fliould 
miftake  him,  as  meaning  that  different  Airs 
had  this  different  Power,  (which  every  Fid- 
ler  is  proud  to  have  you  underftand,)  He 
gives  the  Image  of  thofe  felf-fame  Strains  that 
Orpheus  ufed  to  regain  Eurydic-e,  as  proper 
both  to  excite  Mirth  and  Melancholy.  But 
Milton  moft  induftrioufly  copied  the  Conduct 
of  our  Shake/peare,  in  Paffages  that  fhew'd 
an  intimate  Acquaintance  with  Nature  and 
Science* 

I  have  not  thought  it  out  of  my  Province, 
fpeare"*  whenever  Occafion  offer'd,  to  take  notice  of 
Knowledge  fome  of  our  Poet's  grand  Touches  of  Nature: 
of  Nature.  gomC)  that  £0  not  appear  fuperficially  fuch  > 

but  in  which  he  feems  the  moft  deeply  in- 
ftrufled  -,  and  to  which,  no  doubt,  he  has  fo 
much  ow'd  that   happy  Prefervation  of  his 

Charac^ 


The     PREFACE.  xxi 

Characters,  for  which  he  is  juftly  celebrated. 
If  he  was  not  acquainted  with  the  Rule  as 
deliver'd  by  Horace,  his  own  admirable  Ge- 
nius pierc'd  into  the  Neceffity  of  fuch  a  Rule. 

tu,t  ,  .  ,  "■  Serv-etur  ad  imum 
Quails  ab  incceptoprocejferit,  %$Jibi  con/let. 

For  what  can  be  more  ridiculous,  than*  in 
our  modern  Writers,  to  make  a  debaqch'd 
young  Man,  immers'd  in  all  the  Vices  of  tu$ 
Age  and  Time,  in  a  few  hours  take  up,  con- 
fine himfelf  in   the  way  of  Honour  to  one 
Woman,  and  moralize  in  good  earneft  oa  tjic 
Follies  of  his  paft  Behaviour  ?  Nor  can,  that 
great  Examplar  of  Comic  Writing,  Terence  be 
altogether  excufed  in  this  Regard ;  who,  in 
his  Adelphi,  has  left  Demea  in  the  laft.  Scenes 
fo  unlike  himfelf:  whom,  as  Shake/pear e  ex- 
preflfes  it,  he  has  turrid  with  thefeamy  Side  of 
his  Wit-  outward.     This  ConduCt,  as  Errors 
are    more  readily  imitated  than  Perfections, 
Beaumont  and  Fletcher  feem  to  have  follow'd 
in  a  Charafter  in  their   Scornful  Lady.     It 
may  be  objected,  perhaps,    by  fome  who  do, 
not  go  to  the  Bottom  of  our  Poet's  ConduCt, 
that  he  has  likewife  tranfgrefs'd  againft  the 
Rule  himfelf,   by  making   Prince  Harry  at 
once,  upon  coming  to  the  Crown,  throw  off 
his  former   Diffolutenefs,    and   take   up  the 
'Practice  of  a  fober  Morality  and  all  the  king- 
ly Virtues.     But  this  would   be  a  miftaken 
Objection.     The  Prince's  Reformation  is  not 

fo 


ixii  The     P  R  E  F  A  C  E. 

fo  fudden,  as  not  to  be  prepaid  and  expe&ed 
by  the  Audience.  He  gives*  indeed,  a  Loofc 
to  Vanity,  and  a  light  unweigh'd  Behaviour, 
when  he  is  trifling  among  his  diflblute  Com- 
panions; but  the  Sparks  of  innate  Honour 
and  true  Noblenefs  break  from  him  upon  eve- 
ry proper  Occafion,  where  we  Would  hope  to 
fee  him  awake  to  Sentiments  fuiting  his  Birth 
and  Dignity.  And  our  Poet  has  fo  well,  and 
artfully,  guarded  his  Character  from  the  Suf- 
picions  of  habitual  and  unreformable  Profli- 
gatenefs ;  that  even  from  the  firft  (hewing 
him  upon  the  Stage,  in  the  firft  Part  of  Hen- 
ry IV,  when  he  made  him  confent  to  join 
with  Fatftaffe  in  a  Robbery  on  the  High- 
way, he  has  taken  care  not  to  carry  him  off 
the  Scene,  without  an  Intimation  that  he 
knows  them  all,  and  their  unyok'd  Humour; 
and  that,  like  the  Sun,  he  will  permit  them 
only  for  a  while  to  obfcure  and  cloud  his 
Brightnefs  ;  then  break  thro*  the  Mift,  when 
he  pleafes  to  be  himfelf  again;  that  his  Luf- 
tre,  when  wanted,  may  be  the  more  wonder'd  at* 
Another  of  Shake/peare's  grand  Touches  of 
Nature,  and  which  lies  (till  deeper  from  the 
Ken  of  common  Obfervation,  has  been  taken 
notice  of  in  a  Note  upon  The  Tempej}-,  where 
Profpero  at  once  interrupts  the  Mafque  of 
Spirits,  and  ftarts  into  a  fudden  Paflion  and 
Diforder  of  Mind.  As  the  latent  Caufe  of  his 
Emotion  is  there  fully  inquir'd  into,  I  fhall 
no  farther  dwell  upon  it  here. 

Such 


The    PREFACE. 

Such  a  Conduit  in  a  Poet  (as  Shakejpeare 
has  manifefted  on  many  like  Occafions;) 
where  the  Turn  of  Action  arifes  from  Re- 
flexions of  his  Cbara£iersy  where  the  Reafon 
of  it  is  not  exprefs'd  in  Words,  but  drawn 
from  the  inmoft  Refources  of  Nature,  fhews 
him  truly  capable  of  that  Art,  which  is  more 
in  Rule  than  Practice :  Ars  eft  celare  Artem. 
*Tis  the  Foible  of  your  worfer  Poets  to  make 
a  Parade  and  Oftentation  of  that  little  Science 
they  have  \  and  to  throw  it  out  in  the  moft 
ambitious  Colours.  And  whenever  a  Writer 
of  this  Clafs  fhall  attempt  to  copy  thefe  art- 
ful Concealments  of  our  Author,  and  fhall 
either  think  them  eafy,  or  pra&ifed  by  a 
Writer  for  his  Eafe,  he  will  foon  be  convinced 
of  his  Miflake  by  the  Difficulty  of  reaching 
the  Imitation  of  them. 

Speret  idem^fudet  multum^fruftrdq^  labored 
Aufus  idem :  ■  ■ 

Another  grand  Touch  of  Nature  in  our 
Author,  (not  lefs  difficult  to  imitate,  tho* 
more  obvious  to  the  Remark  of  a  common 
Reader)  is,  when  he  brings  down  at  once  any 
Character  from  the  Ferment  and  Height  of 
Paflxon,  makes  him  corredt  himfelf  for  the 
unruly  Difpofition,  and  fall  into  Reflexions 
of  a  fober  and  moral  Tenour.  An  exquifite 
fine  Inftance  of  this  Kind  occurs  in  Leary 
where  that  old  King,  hafty  and  intemperate 
in  his  Paflions,  coming  to  his  Son  and  Daugh- 

b  ter 


xxiii 


xxiv  The    PREFACE. 

ter  Cornwall,  is  told  by  the  Earl  of  Gloucefter 
that  they  are  not  to  be  fpoken  with:  and 
thereupon  throws  himfelf  into  a  Rage,  fup- 
pofing  the  Excufe  of  Sieknefs  and  Wearinefs 
in  them  to  be  a  purpos'd  Contempt:  Glou- 
cefter begs  him  to  think  of  the  fiery  and 
unremoveable  Quality  of  the  Duke :  and 
This,  which  was  defign'd  to  qualify  his 
Paflion,   ferves   to  exaggerate   the  Tranfports 

of  it. 

As  the  Condudl  of  Prince  Henry  in  the  firft 
Inftance,  the  fecret  and  mental  Reflexions  in 
the  Cafe  of  Profpero,  and  the  inftant  Detour 
of  Lear  from  the  Violence  of  Rage  to  a  Tem- 
per of  Reafoning,  do  fo  much  Honour  to 
that  furpizing  Knowledge  of  human  Nature, 
which  is  certainly  our  Author's  Mafterpiece, 
1  thought,  they  could  not  be  fet  in  too  good 
a  Light.  Indeed,  to  point  out,  and  exclaim 
upon,  all  the  Beauties  of  Shakefpeare,  as  they 
.come  fingly  in  Review,  would  be  as  infipid, 
as  endlefs ;  as  tedious,  as  unneceffary :  But  the 
Explanation  of  thofe  Beauties,that  are  lefs  ob- 
vious to  common  Readers,  and  whofe  Illus- 
tration depends  on  the  Rules  of  juft  Criticifm, 
and  an  exaft  Knowledge  of  human  Life, 
fliould  defervedly  have  a  Share  in  a  general 
Critic  upon  the  Author. 

I  fhall  difmifs  the  Examination  into  thefe 
his  latent  Beauties,  when  I  have  made  a  fhort 
Comment  upon  a  remarkable  PafTage  from 
Julius  Ccrjar,   which   is  inexprefiibly  fine  in 

its  felf, 


The   PREFACE.  xxv 

its  fclf,    and  greatly  difcovers    our  Author's^- Add»- 
Knowledge  and  Researches  into  Nature.  He  ^pa- 

redy    an  * 

Between  the  afting  of  a  dreadful  Thing,        ^uL 

And  thefirfl  Motion,  all  the  Interim  is 

Like  a  Phantafma,  or  a  hideous  'Dream: 

The  Genius,  and  the  mortal  Infiruments 

Are  then  in  Council*,  and  the  State  of  Man% 

hike  to  a  little  Kingdom,  fuffers  then 

The  Nature  of  an  Infurreffion. 

That  nice  Cfitick  Dionyfus  of  Halicarnaf 
fus  confefles,  that  he  could  not  find  thofe  great 
Strokes,  which  he  calls  the  terrible  Graces^ 
in  any  of  the  Hiftorians,  which  he  frequently 
met  with  in  Homer.  I  believe, the  Succefs  would 
be  the  fame  likewife*  if  we  fought  for  them 
in  any  other  of  our  Authors  befides  our  £r/- 
iijh  Homer,  Shakefpeare.  This  Defcription 
of  the  Condition  of  Confpirators  has  a  Pomp 
and  Terror  in  it^  that  perfectly  aftonifhes* 
Our  excellent  Mr.  Addifon,vth.okMofe&y  made 
him  fometimes  diffident  in  his  own  Genius, 
but  whofe  exquilite  Judgment  always  led  him 
to  the  fafeft  Guides,  as  we  may  fee  by  thofe 
many  fine  Strokes  in  his  Cato  borrow'd  from 
the  Philippics  of  Cicero,  has  paraphrafed  this 
fine  Defcription  ;  but  we  are  no  longer  to  ex- 
pert thofe  terrible  Graces,  which  he  could 
not  hinder  from  evaporating  in  the  Trans~ 
fufion* 

b  %  0 


xxvi  The     PREFACE. 

0  think,  what  anxious  Moments  pafs  between 
The  Birth  of  Plots,  and  their  lujl  fatal  Periods. 
Oh,  'tis  a  dreadful  Interval  of  Time, 
FUN  up  with  Horror  alt,  and  big  with  Death, 

1  fhall  obferve  two  Things  on  this  fine  Imi- 
tation :  firft,  that  the  Subjects  of  thefe  two 
Confpiracies  being  fo  very  different*  (the  For- 
tunes of  Cafar  and  the  Roman  Empire  being 
concern'd  in  the  Firft ;  and  That  of  only  a 
few  Auxiliary  Troops,  in  the  other;)  Mv.Ad- 
dijon  could  not  with  Propriety  bring  in  that 
magnificent  Circumftance,  which  gives  the 
terrible  Grace  to  Shakefpeare's  Defcription. 

The  Genius  and  the  mortal  Injlruments 
Are  then  in  Council.  — 

For  Kingdoms,  in  the  poetical  Theology* 
befides  their  good,  have  their  evil  Genius*s 
likewife :  reprefented  here  with  the  moft  da- 
ring Stretch  of  Fancy,  as  fitting  in  Council 
with  the  Confpirators,  whom  he  calls  the 
mortal  Injlruments.  But  this  would  have  been 
too  great  an  Apparatus  to  the  Rape,  and  De- 
fertion*  of  Syphax,  and  Sempronius.  Second- 
ly, The  other  Thing  very  obfervable  is,  that 
Mr.  Addifon  was  fo  warm'd  and  affected  with 
the  Fire  of  Shakejpeare's  Defcription ,  that, 
inftead  of  copying  his  Author's  Sentiments, 
he  has,  before  he  was  aware,  given  us  only 
the  Image  of  his  own  Impreffions  on  the 
reading  his  great  Original.     For, 

Oh, 


The    PREFACE.  xxvii 

Oh,  'tis  a  dreadful  Interval  of  Time, 
FiHyd  up  with  Horror  all,  and  big  with  Death  \ 

are  but  the  Affettions  raifed  by  fuch  forcible 
Images  as  thefe ; 

_ — .  jlU  the  Int'rim  is 

Like  a  Phantafma,  or  a  hideous  Dream, 

— — the  State  of  Man, 

"Like  to  a  little  Kingdom,  fuffers  then 
The  Nature  of  an  InfurreBion. 

Comparing  the  Mind  of  a  Confpirator  to 
an  Anarchy,  is  juft  and  beautiful ;  but  the  In* 
terim  to  a  hideous  Dream  has  fomething  in  it 
fo  wonderfully  natural,  and  lays  the  human 
Soul  fo  open,  that  one  cannot  but  be  furpriz'd, 
that  any  Poet,  who  had  not  himfelf  been, 
fome  time  or  other,  engaged  in  a  Confpiracy, 
could  ever  have  given  fuch  Force  of  Colour-? 
ing  to  Truth  and  Nature. 

It   has   been  allow'd  on  all    hands,    how^^J**/ 
far  our  Author  was  indebted  to  Nature  -,  it  is  shake- 
not  fo  well  agreed,  how  much  he  ow'd  tofpeareV 
Languages  and  acquir'd  Learning.     The  De-  \eardn,ll% 
cifions  on  this  Subjedl  were  certainly  fet  on  ' 
Foot  by  the  Hint  from  Ben  jonfon,  that  he 
had  fmall  Latin  and  lefs  Greek:  And  from 
this  Tradition,   as   it    were,  Mr.  Rowe  has 
thought  fit  peremptorily  to  declare,  that,  "  It 
f  is  without  Controverfy,  he  had  no  Know- 
"  ledge  of  the  Writings  of  the  ancient  Poets, 
g  for  that  in  his  Works  we  find  no  Traces  of 

t>  3  "any 


it 
cc 
cc 

<c 


<C 


xxviii  7fo    PREFACE. 

"  any  thing  which  looks  like  an  Imitation  of 
<c  the  Ancients.  For  the  Delicacy  of  his 
"  Tafte  (continues  He>)  and  the  natural  Bent 
"  of  his  own  great  Genius  (equal,  if  not  fu- 
perior,  to  fome  of  the  Beft  of  theirs;) 
would  certainly  have  led  him  to  read  and 
ftudy  them  with  fo  much  Pleafure,  that 
fome  of  their  fine  Images  would  naturally 
"  have  infinuated  themfelves  into,  and  been 
mix'd  with,  his  own  Writings :  fo  that  his 
not  copying,  at  leafl,  fomething  from 
them,  may  be  an  Argument  of  his  never 
<c  having  read  them/'  I  {hall  leave  it  to  the 
Determination  of  my  Learned  Readers,  from 
the  numerous  Paffages,  which  I  have  occa- 
fionally  quoted  in  my  Notes,  in  which  our 
Poet  feems  clofely  to  have  imitated  the  Claf- 
fics,  whether  Mr.  Rowes  Aflertion  be  fo  abfo-. 
lutely  to  be  depended  on.  The  Refult  of  the 
Controverfy  muft  certainly,  either  way,  ter- 
minate to  our  Author's  Honour :  how  hap- 
pily he  could  imitate  them,  if  that  Point  be 
allow'dj  or  how  glorioufly  he  could  think 
like  them,  without  owing  any  thing  to  Imi- 
tation. 

Tho'  I  fhould  be  very  unwilling  to  allow 
Shakefpeare  fo  poor  a  Scholar,as  Many  have  la- 
bour'd  to  reprefenthim,yetl  fhajl  be  very  cau- 
tious of  declaring  too  positively  on  the  other 
fide  of  the  Queftion :  that  is,  with  regard 
to  my  Opinion  of  his  Knowledge  in  the  dead 
Languages.  And  therefore  the  PaiTages,   that 

1 


The   PREFACE.  xxix 

I  occafionally  quote  from  the  Clajfics,    (hall 
not  be  urged  as  Proofs    that  he  knowingly 
imitated    thofe  Originals ;    but   brought    to 
fhew  how  happily  he  has  exprefs'd  himfelf  up- 
on the  fame  Topicks.  A  very  learned  Critick 
of   our    own   Nation    has  declar'd,    that    a 
Samenefs  of  Thought  and  Samenefs  of  Ex- 
preffion  too,  in  Two  Writers  of  a  different 
Age,  can  hardly  happen,    without  a  violent 
Sufpicion  of  the   Latter   copying   from    his 
PredecefTor.     I  fhall    not   therefore    run  any 
great  Rifque  of  a  Cenfure,  tho*  I  fhould  ven- 
ture to  hint,  that  the  Refemblance,  in  Thought 
and  Expreffion,  of  our  Author  and  an  Antient 
(which  we  fhould  allow  to  be   Imitation  in 
One,    whofe  Learning    was  not    queftion'd) 
may  fometimes   take  its   Rife  from  Strength 
of  Memory,    and  thofe  Impreffions  which  he 
ow'd  to  the  School.  And  if  we  may  allow  a 
Poffibility  of  This,  confidering  that,  when  he 
quitted  the  School,  he  gave  into  his  Father's 
Profeflion  and  way  of  Living,  and  had,  'tis 
likely,    but  a  flender  Library     of     Claffical 
Learning  5  and  confidering   what  a   Number 
of   Translations,    Romances,     and    Legends, 
ftarted  about  his   Time,  and  a  little  before ; 
(moftof  which, 'tis  very  evident,  he  read  3)  I 
think,  it  may  eafily  be  reconcil'd,    why  he 
rather  fchemed  his  Plots  and  Characters  from 
thefe    more  latter  Informations,    than    went 
back  to  thofe  Fountains,  for  which  he  might 

b  4  entertain 


xxx  The    P  R  E  F  A  C  E. 

entertain  a  fincere  Veneration,    but  to  which 
jhe  could  not  have  fo  ready  a  Recourfe. 
J     In  touching  on  another  Part  of  his  Learn- 
ing, as  it  related  to  the  Knowledge  of  Hiftory 
'and  Books,  I  (hall  advance  fomething,    that, 
|at  firft  fight,  will  very  much  wear  the  Ap- 
!  pearance  of  a  Paradox.  For  I  (hall  find  it  no 
hard  Matter  to  prove,    that  from  the  grofleft 
I  Blunders  in  Hiftory,  we  are  not  to  infer  his 
real  Ignorance  of  it :  Nor  from  a  greater  XJfe 
of  Latin  Words,  than  ever  any  other  Englijh 
Author  ufed,  muft  we  infer  his  Knowledge 
of  that  Language. 

!      A   Reader  of   Tafte  may  eafily    obferve, 
that  tho'  Shakefpeare,  almoft  in  every  Scene 
of  his  hiftorical  Plays,    commits  the  grofleft 
Offences  againft   Chronology,    Hiftory,    and 
Antient  Politicks;  yet  This  was   not   thro* 
Ignorance,  as  is  generally  fuppofed,  but  thro* 
the  too  powerful  Blaze  of  his  Imagination; 
which,  when  once  raifed,  made  all  acquired 
Knowledge  vanifh  and  difappear  before  it.  For 
Inftance,  in  his  T'imon,  he  turns  Athens, which 
was  a  perfedt  Democrafy,  into  an  Ariftocrafy ; 
while  he    ridiculoufly   gives  a   Senator    the 
Power  of  banifhing  Ahibiades.     On  the  con- 
trary, in  Coriolanus,  he  makes  Rome,    which 
at  that  time  was  a  perfedl  Ariftocrafy,   a  De- 
mocrafy full  as  ridiculoufly,    by  making  the 
People  choofe  Coriolanus   Conful :   Whereas, 
in  Fad,  it  was  not  till  the  Time  of  Manlius 

Torquatus, 


the     P  R  E  F  A  C  E.  xxxi 

Torquatus,  that  the  People  had  a  Right  of 
:hoofing  one  Conful.  But  this  Licence  in 
Kim,  as  I  have  faid,  muft  not  be  imputed 
to  Ignorance  :  fince  as  often  we  may  find 
tiim,  when  Occafion  ferves,  reafoning  up  to 
the  Truth  of  Hiftory ;  and  throwing  put 
Sentiments  as  juftly  adapted  to  the  Circum- 
ftances  of  his  Subjedt,  as  to  the  Dignity  of 
his  Characters,  or  Di&ates  of  Nature  in  ge- 
neral. 

Then,  to  come  to  his  Knowledge  of  the 
Latin  Tongue,  'tis  certain,    there  is  a  furpri- 
fing  EfFufion  of  Latin  Words  made  Englijh, 
far  more  than  in  any  one  Englijh  Author  I 
have  feen ;  but  we  muft  be  cautious  to  ima- 
gine, this  was  of  his  own  doing.      For  the 
Englijh  Tongue,  in  his  Age,  began  extremely 
to  fufFer  by  an  Inundation  of  Latin ;   and  to 
be  overlaid,  as  it  were,   by  its  Nurfe,  when  it 
hadjuft  began  to  fpeak  by  her  before-pru- 
dent Care  and  Affiftance.  And  this,  to  be  fure, 
was  occafion'd  by  the  Pedantry  of  thofe  two 
Monarchs,  Elizabeth  and  James,  Both  great 
Latinifts.     For  it  is  not  to  be  wonder'd  at, 
if  both  the  Court  and  Schools,   equal  Flat- 
terers of  Power,  fhould  adapt  themfelves  to 
the  Royal  Tafte.     This,  then,  was  the  Con- 
dition of  the  Englijh  Tongue  when  Shakefpeare 
took  it  up :  like  a  Beggar  in  a  rich  Wardrobe. 
He  found  the  pure   native  Englijh  too  cold 
and  poor  to  fecond  the  Heat  and  Abundance 
of  his  Imagination :   and  therefore  was  fore'd 

to 


xxxu 


The    PREFACE. 

to  drefs  it  up  in  the  Robes,  he  faw  provi- 
ded for  it :  rich  in  themfelves,  but  ill-{haped ; 
cut  out  to  an  air  of  Magnificence,  but  dif- 
proportiond  and  cumberfome.  To  the  Coft- 
linefs  of  Ornament,  he  added  all  the  Graces 
and  Decorum  of  it.  It  may  be  faid,  this  did 
not  require,  or  difcover  a  Knowledge  of  the 
Latin.  To  the  firft,  I  think,  it  did  not ;  to 
the  fecond,  it  is  fo  far  from  difcovering  it, 
that,  I  think,  it  difcovers  the  contrary.  To 
make  This  more  obvious  by  a  modern  In- 
fiance:  The  great  Milton  likewife  la^ 
bour'd  under  the  like  Inconvenience  j  when 
he  firft  fet  upon  adorning  his  own  Tongue,  he 
likewife  animated  and  enrich'd  it  with  the 
Latin,  but  from  his  own  Stock  :  and  fo, 
rather  by  bringing  in  the  Phrafes,  than  the 
Words :  And  This  was  natural ;  and  will,  I 
believe,  always  be  the  Cafe  in  the  fame  Cir- 
cumftances.  His  Language,  efpecially  his 
Profe,  is  full  of  Latin  Words  indeed,  but 
much  fuller  of  Latin  Phrafes  :  and  his  Mat- 
tery in  the  Tongue  made  this  unavoidable. 
On  the  contrary,  Shakefpeare,  who,  perhaps, 
was  not  fo  intimately  vers'd  in  the  Language, 
abounds  in  the  Words  of  it,  but  has  few  or 
none  of  its  Phrafes:  Nor,  indeed,  if  what  \ 
affirm  be  true,  could  He.  This  I  take  to  be 
the  trueft  Criterion  to  determine  this  long 
agitated  Queftion. 

It  may  be  mention'd,  tho*  no  certain  Con- 
clufion  can  be  drawn  from  it,  ap  a  probable 

Argument 


The    PREFACE.  xxxiii 

Argument  of  his  having  read  the  Antiencs  j 
that  He  perpetually  expreffes  the  Genius  of 
Homer,  and  other  great  Poets  of  the  Old 
World,  in  animating  all  the  Parts  of  his 
Defcriptions  j  and,  by  bold  and  breathing 
Metaphors  and  Images,  giving  the  Properties 
of  Life  and  A&ion  to  inanimate  Things.  He 
is  a  Copy  too  of  thofe  Greek  Mafters  in  the 
infinite  ufe  of  compound  and  de-compound  Epi- 
thets. I  will  not,  indeed,  aver,  but  that  One 
with  Sbakejpeares  exquiiite  Genius  and  Ob- 
fervation  might  have  traced  thefe  glaring 
Charadteriftics  of  Antiquity  by  reading  Ho- 
mer in  Chapman's  Verfion. 

An  additional  Word  or  two  naturally  falls  B.  Jo&fon 
in  here  upon  the  Genius   of  our   Author,  ass^kc.  - 
compared  with  that  of   J 'on/on   his  Contem-fpeare 
porary.    They   are   confefledly    the     greateftr^*rW* 
Writers   our   Nation  could  ever  boaft    of  in 
the  Drama.   The  firft,    we  fay,   owed  all  to 
his  prodigious  natural  Genius ;  and  the  other 
a  great  deal  to  his  Art  and  Learning.    This, 
if  attended  to,  will  explain  a  very  remarkable 
Appearance  in  their  Writings.    Befides  thofe 
wonderful  Mafterpieces  of  Art  and  Genius, 
which  each  has  given  Us ;   They  are  the  Au- 
thors of  other  Works  very  unworthy  of  them: 
But  with   this  Difference  -,    that  in  Jonjbns 
bad  Pieces  we  don't  difcover  one  lingle  Trace 
of  the  Author  of  the  Fox  and  Alchemiji  :  but 
in  the  wild  extravagant  Notes  of  Shakefpearey 
you  every  now  and  then  encounter   Strains 

that 


xxxiv  The    PREFACE. 

that  recognize  the  divine  Compoftr.  This 
Difference  may  be  thus  accounted  for.  jfon- 
fori,  as  we  faid  before,  owing  all  his  Excellence 
to  his  Art,  by  which  he  fometimes  ftrain'd 
himfelf  to  an  uncommon  Pitch,  when  at  o- 
ther  times  he  unbent  and  play'd  with  his 
Subjedl,  having  nothing  then  to  fupport  him, 
it  is  no  wonder  he  wrote  fo  far  beneath  him-> 
felf.  But  Shakejpeare,  indebted  more  largely 
to  Nature,  than  the  Other  to  acquired  Ta- 
lents, in  his  moft  negligent  Hours  could  ne^ 
ver  fo  totally  diveft  himfelf  of  his  Genius, 
but  that  it  would  frequently  break  out  with 
aftonifhing  Force  and  Splendor. 
m  Repu-  As  I  have  never  propos'd  to  dilate  farther 
tation  un-  on  the  Chara&er  of  my  Author,  than  was 
der  D'f*d neceffary  to  explain  the  Nature  and  Ufe  of 
vantages  tj:i£s  Edition,  I  fhall  proceed  to  pnfiderhim 
as  a  Genius  in  Poffeffion  of  an  Everlafting 
Name.  And  how  great  that  Merit  muft  be, 
which  could  gain  it  againft  all  the  Difadvan- 
tages  of  the  horrid  Condition  in  which  he  has 
hitherto  appear'd !  Had  Homer,  or  any  other 
admir'd  Author,  firft  ftarted  into  PubJick  fo 
maim'd  and  deform'd,  we  cannot  determine 
whether  they  had  not  funk  for  ever  under  the 
Ignominy  of  fuch  an  ill  Appearance.  The 
mangled  Condition  of  Shakefpeare  has  been 
acknowledge  by  Mr.  Rowey  who  publifh'd 
him  indeed,  but  neither  corre&ed  his  Text, 
nor  collated  the  old  Copies.  This  Gentleman 
had  Abilities,   and  a  fufficient  Knowledge  of 

his 


The    P'R  E  F  ACE.  xxxv 

his  Author,  had  but  his  Induftry  been  equal 
to  his  Talents.  The  fame  mangled  Condition 
has  been  acknowledge  too  by  Mr.  Pope,  who 
publifli'd  him  likewife,  pretended  to  have  col- 
lated the  old  Copies,  and  yet  feldom  has  cor- 
rected the  Text  but  to  its  Injury.  I  congratu- 
late with  the  Manes  of  our  Poet,  that  this 
Gentleman  has  been  fparing  in  indulging  his 
private  Senfe ;  for  He,  who  tampers  with  an 
Author  whom  he  does  not  underftand,  mull 
do  it  at  the  Expence  of  his  Subject.  I  have 
made  it  evident  throughout  my  Remarks,  that 
he  has  frequently  inflidted  a  Wound  where 
he  intended  a  Cure.  He  has  afted  with  re- 
gard to  our  Author,  as  an  Editor,  whom 
L  i  p  s  i  u  s  mentions,  did  with  regard  to 
Martial  ;  Inventus  eft  nefcio  quis  Popa, 
qui  non  vitia  ejus,  fed  ipfum,  excidit.  He  has 
attack'd  him  like  an  unhandy  Slaughterman  ; 
and  not  lopp'd  off  the  Errors,  but  the 
Poet. 

When  this  is  found  to  be  the  Fad,   how/W/* 
abfurd  muft  appear  the  Praifes  of  fuch  an  E-^^'f " 
ditor  ?  It  feems  a  moot  Point,    whether  Mr.**  *jwy° 
Pope  has  done  moft  Injury  to  Shakefpeare  as 
his    Editor  and   Eacomiaft  ;    or  Mr.  ^Rymer 
done  him  Service  as  his  Rival  and  Cenfurer. 
Were  it  every  where  the  true  Text,  which  That 
Editor  in  his  late  pompous  Edition  gave  us, 
the  Poet  deferv'd  not  the  large  Encomiums  be- 
ftow'd  by  him:  nor,  in  that  Cafe,  is  Rymer's 
Cenfure  of  the  Barbarity  of   his  Thoughts, 

and 


xxxvi  m    p  R  E  F  A  C  E. 

and  the  Impropriety  of  his  Expreffions, 
groundlefs.  They  have  Both  (hewn  themfelves 
in  an  equal  Impuijfance  of  fufpe&ing  or  a- 
mending  the  corrupted  Paflages :  and  tho'  it 
be  neither  Prudence  to  cenfure,  or  commend, 
what  one  does  not  underftand;  yet  if  a  Man 
muft  do  one  when  he  plays  the  Crhiek,  the 
latter  is  the  more  ridiculous  Office.  And  by 
That  Shakefpeare  fuffers-  moft  For  the  natural 
Veneration,  which  we  have  for  him,  makes 
us  apt  to  f wallow  whatever  is  given  us  as  bis§ 
and  fet  off  with  Encomiums ;  and  hence  we 
quit  all  Sufpicions  of  Depravity :  On  the  con- 
trary, the  Cenfure  of  fo  divine  an  Author 
fets  us  upon  his  Defence  $  and  this  produces 
an  exaft  Scrutiny  and  Examination,  which 
ends  in  finding  out  and  difcriminating  the  true 
from  the  fpurious. 

It  is  not  with  any  fecret  Pleafure,  that  I  fo 
frequently  animadvert  on  Mr.  Pope  as  a  Cri- 
tickj  but  there  are  Provocations, which  a  Man 
can  never  quite  forget.  His  Libels  have  been 
thrown  out  with  fo  much  Inveteracy,  that* 
not  to  difpute  whether  they  Jhould  come  from 
&Chrijlian,  they  leave  it  a  Queftion  whether 
they  could  come  from  a  Man.  I  fliould  be 
loth  to  doubt,  as  Quintus  Serenus  did  in  a  like 
Cafe, 

Sim  homo \  feu  fimilh  turpijjima  bejlia  nobis > 

Vulnera  dente  dedit. 
The  Indignation,    perhaps,   for  being   repre* 
fented  a  Blockhead^  may  be  as  ftrong  in  Us  as 

it 


The  PREFACE.  xxxvii 

it  is  in  the  Ladies  for  a  Reflexion  on  their 
Beauties.  It  is  certain,  I  am  indebted  to  Him 
for  fome  flagrant  Civilities ;  and  I  fhall  wil- 
lingly devote  a  part  of  my  Life  to  the  honeft 
Endeavour  of  quitting  Scores:  with  this  Ex- 
ception however,  that  I  will  not  return  thofe 
Civilities  in  \\x%  peculiar  Strain,  but  confine 
myfelf,  at  leaft,  to  the  Limits  of  common  De- 
cency. I  {hall  ever  think  it  better  to  want  Wity 
than  to  want  Humanity  :  and  impartial  Pofte- 
rity  may,  perhaps,  be  of  my  Opinion. 

But,  to  return  to  my  Subje<5t$  which  now  The  old 
calls  upon  me  to  inquire  into  thofe  Caufes,  to  Editions 
which  the  Depravations  of  my  Author  origi-^^ 
nally  may  be  affign'd.  We  are  to  confider 
him  as  a  Writer,  of  whom  no  authentic 
Manufcript  was  extant  j  as  a  Writer,  whofe 
Pieces  were  difperfedly  performed  on  the  fe- 
veral  Stages  then  in  Being.  And  it  was  the 
Cuftom  of  thofe  Days  for  the  Poets  to  take 
a  Price  of  the  Players  for  the  Pieces  They 
from  time  to  time  furnifh'd ;  and  thereupon 
it  was  fuppos'd,  they  had  no  farther  Right 
to  print  them  without  the  Confent  of  the 
Players.  As  it  was  the  Intereft  of  the  Companies 
to  keep  their  Plays  unpublifh'd,  when  any 
one  fucceeded,  there  was  a  Conteft  betwixt 
the  Curiofity  of  the  Town,  who  demanded 
to  fee  it  in  Print,  and  the  Policy  of  the 
Stagers,  who  wifh'd  to  fecrete  it  within  their 
own  Walls.  Hence,  many  Pieces  were  taken 
down  in  Short-hand,  and  imperfe&ly  copied 

by 


xxxviii  TheP  R  E  F  A  C  E. 

by  Ear,  from  a  Reprefentation :  Others  were 
printed  from  piece-meal  Parts  furreptitioufly 
obtain'd  from  the  Theatres,  uncorreft,  and 
without  the  Poet's  Knowledge.  To  fome  of 
thefe  Caufes  we  owe  the  train  of  Blemifties, 
that  deform  thofe  Pieces  which  ftole  fingly 
into  the  World  in  our  Author's  Life-time. 

There  are  ftill  other  Reafons,    which  may 
be  fuppos'd  t6  have  affedted  the   whole  Set. 
When  the  Players  took  upon  them  to  publifh 
his  Works  intire,    every  Theatre  was    ran- 
fack'd  to  fupply  the  Copy ;  and  Parts  collect- 
ed which  had  gone  thro*  as  many  Changes  as 
Performers,  either  from  Mutilations  or  Ad- 
ditions made  to    them.    Hence     we    derive 
many    Chafms    and     Incoherences    in    the 
Senfe  and  Matter.    Scenes  were    frequently 
tranfpofed,  and  fhuffled   out    of  their    true 
Place,   to   humour  the  Caprice  or  fuppos'd 
Convenience  of  fome  particular  A&or.  Hence 
much  Confufion  and  Impropriety  has  attend- 
ed, and  embarras'd,  the  Bufinefs  and   Fable. 
For  there  ever  have  been,  and  ever  will  be  in 
Playhoufes,  a  Set  of  affuming  Directors,  who 
know  better  than  the  Poet  himfelf  the  Con- 
nexion   and    Dependance    of    his    Scenes ; 
where  Matter  is  defective,  or  Superfluities  to 
be  retrench'd  \  Perfons,  that  have  the  Foun- 
tain of  Infpiration  as  peremptorily  in  them, 
as  Kings  have  That  of  Honour.  To  thefe  obvi- 
ous Caufes  of    Corruption  it  mud  be  added, 
that  our  Author  has  lain  under  the  Difadvan- 

tage 


The     PREFACE.  xxxix 

tage  of  having  his  Errors  propagated  and 
multiplied  by  Time:  becaufe,  for  near  a 
Century,  his  Works  were  republifh'd  from 
the  faulty  Copies  without  the  affiftance  of 
any  intelligent  Editor:  which  has  been  the 
Cafe  likewife  of  many  a  ClaJJic  Writer. 

The  Nature  of  any  Diftemper  once  found  r-be Edi- 
has  generally  been  the  immediate   Step  to  ^jor^  Drift 
Cure.  Shake/peare's  Cafe  has  in  a  great  Mea-^^ 
fure    refembled   That   of    a   corrupt   ClaJJic  \ 
and,  confequently3  the  Method  of  Cure    was 
likewife  to  bear  a    Refemblance.    By    what 
Means,  and  with  what  Succefs,  this  Cure  has 
been  effed:ed  on  ancient  Writers,  is  too  well 
known,    and    needs  no    formal    Illuftration. 
The  Reputation  confequent  on  Tasks  of  that 
Nature    invited  me  to  attempt  the  Method 
here ;  with  this  View,  the  Hopes  of  reftoring 
to  the  Publick  their  greateft  Poet  in  his  Ori- 
ginal Purity :  after  having  fo  long  lain  in  a 
Condition   that  was   a  Difgrace   to  common 
Senfe.  To  this  End  I  have   ventur'd  on  a  La- 
bour, that  is  the  firft  AiTay  of  the  kind  on  any 
modern  Author  whatfoever.    For  the  late  Edi- 
tion of  Milton  by  the  Learned  Dr.  Bentley  is,  D;ference 
in  the  main,  a  Performance  of  another    %pt&bet<wixt 
cies.  It  is  plain,  it  was  the  Intention  of  that^^S 

S>  ti  IT  1  O  1  /V  '       tl0n     aH<* 

Great  Man  rather  to  correct  and  pare  off  theDr,  Bent- 
Excrefcencies   of    the  Paradife.  Loft,  in  the,e^jMii* 
manner  that  Tucca  and  Varins  were  employ'd 
to  criticize  the  JEneis  of   Virgil,  than  to  re- 
ftore  corrupted    PafTages.  Hence,    therefore, 

c  may 


xl  fhePREFACE.  \ 

may  be  feen  either  the  Iniquity  or  Ignorarice 
of  his  Cenfurers,  who,  from  fome  Expref- 
fions,  would  make  us  believe,  the  Doctor 
every  where  gives  us  his  Corrections  as  the 
Original  Text  of  the  Author  ;  whereas  the 
chief  Turn  of  his  Criticifm  is  plainly  to  fhew 
the  World,  that  if  Milton  did  not  write  as 
He  would  have  him,  he  ought  to  have  wrote 
fa 

I  thought  proper  to  premife  this  Obferva- 
tion  to  the  Readers,    as  it  will  (hew  that  the 
Critic  on  Shakefpeare  is  of  a  quite  different 
Kind.  His  genuine  Text  is  religioufly  adher'd 
to,  and  the  numerous  Faults  and  Blemifhes, 
purely  his  own,  are  left  as  they  were  found. 
Nothing  is  alter'd,   but  what  by  the  cleareft 
Reafoning  can  be  proved  a  Corruption  of  the 
true  Text;  and  the  Alteration,  a  real  Refto- 
ration  of    the    genuine    Reading.    Nay,    fo 
ftrictly  have  I    ftrove  to  give  the   true  Rea- 
ding, tho'  fometimes  not  to  the  Advantage  of 
my  Author,  that  I  have  been  ridiculoufly  ri- 
dicul'd  for   it   by    Thofe,    who  either   were 
iniquitoufly    for  turning    every  thing  to  my 
Difadvantage;   or  elfe  were  totally   ignorant 
of  the  true  Duty  of  an  Editor. 

The  Science  of  Criticifm,  as  far  as  it  af- 
fedts  an  Editor,  feems  to  be  reduced  to  thefe 
three  Claffes;  the  Emendation  of  corrupt 
PafTages;  the  Explanation  of  obfcure  and 
difficult  ones  j  and  an  Inquiry  into  the  Beau- 
ties and  Defedts  of  Compofition.    This  Work 

is 


The    PREFACE. 

is  principally  confin'd  to  the  two  for- 
mer Parts  :  tho'  there  are  fome  Specimens 
interfpers'd  of  the  latter  >Kind,  as  feveral  of 
the  Emendations  were  beft  fupported,  and 
feveral  of  the  Difficulties  beft  explain'd,  by 
taking  notice  of  the  Beauties  and  Defefts  of 
the  Compofition  peculiar  to  this  Immortal 
Poet.  But  This  was  but  occafional,  and  for 
the  fake  only  of  perfe<5ting  the  two  other 
Parts,  which  were  the  proper  Objects  of 
the  Editor's  Labour.  The  third  lies  open 
for  every  willing  Undertaker :  and  I  fhall  be 
pleas'd  to  fee  it  the  Employment  of  a  mafterly 
Pen. 

It  muft  neceflarily  happen,  as  I  have  for- 
merly obferv'd,  that  where  the  Afliftance  of 
Manufcripts  is  wanting  to  let  an  Author's 
Meaning  right,  and  refcue  him  from  thofe 
Errors  which  have  been  tranfmittei  downf 
thro'  a  Series  of  incorrect  Editions,  and  a 
long  Intervention  of  Time,many  Paffages  muft 
be  defperate,  and  paft  a  Cure  ;  and  their  true 
Senfe  irretrievable  either  to  Care  or  the  Saga- 
city of  Conje&ure.  But  is  there  any  Reafon 
therefore  to  fay,  That  becaufe  All  cannot  be 
retriev'd,  All  ought  to  be  left  defperate  ?  We 
ftiould  (hew  very  little  Honefty,  or  Wifdom, 
to  play  the  Tyrants  with  an  Author's  Text  \ 
to  raze,  alter,  innovate,  and  overturn,  at  all 
Adventures,  and  to  the  utter  Detriment  of 
his  Senfe  and  Meaning :  But  to  be  fo  very 
referved  and  cautious,  as  to  interpofe  no  Re- 

c  2  lief 


xlt 


xlii  The    PREFACE..        I 

lief  or  Conjedlure,  where  it  manifestly  la- 
bours and  cries  out  for  Afiiftance,  feems,  on 
the  other  hand,  an  indolent  Abfurdity. 

But  becaufe  the  Art  of  Criticifm,  both  by 
Thofe  who  cannot  form  a  true  Judgment  of 
its  Effefts,  nor  can  penetrate  into  its  Caufes, 
which  takes  in  a  great  Number  befides  the 
Ladies;)  is  efteem'd  only  an  arbitrary  capri- 
cious Tyranny  exercis'd  on  Books;  I  think 
proper  to  fubjoin  a  Word  or  two  about  thofe 
Rules  on  which  I  have  proceeded,  and  by 
which  I  have  regulated  myfelf  in  this  Edi- 
tion. By  This,  I  flatter  myfelf,  it  will  ap- 
pear, my  Emendations  are  fo  far  from  being 
arbitrary  or  capricious,  that  They  are  eftab- 
li(h'd  with  a  very  high  Degree  of  moral  Cer- 
tainty. 

As  thjfcre  are  very  few  Pages  in  Skakefpeare^ 
.upon  which  fome  Sufpicions  of  Depravity  do 
"hot  reasonably  a  rife ;  I  have  thought  it  my 
Duty,  in  the  firft  place,  by  a  diligent  and  la- 
borious Collation  to  take  in  the  Affiftances  of 
all  the  older  Copies. 

In  his  Hijiorical  Plays  y  whenever  our  Eng- 
HJh  Chronicles,  and  in  his  Tragedies  when 
Creek  or  Roman  Story,  could  give  any  Light; 
no  Pains  have  been  omitted  to  fet  Paffages 
right  by  comparing  my  Author  with  his  Ori- 
ginals :  for,  as  I  have  frequently  obferved,  he 
was  a  clofe  and  accurate  Copier  where-ever 
his  Fable  was  founded  on  Hifiory. 

Where- 


The   PREFACE.  xliii 

Where-ever  the  Author's  Senfe  is  clear  and 
difcoverable,  (tho',  perchance,  low  and  tri- 
vial ;)  I  have  not  by  any  Innovation  tamper'd 
with  his  Text;  out  of  an  Oftentation  of  en- 
deavouring to  make  him  fpeak  better  than  the 
old  Copies  have  done. 

Where,  thro'  all  the  former  Editions,  a 
Paffage  has  labour'd  under  flat  Nonfenfe  and 
invincible  Darknefs,  if,  by  the  Addition  or 
Alteration  of  a  Letter  or  two,  I  have  reftored 
to  Him  both  Senfe  and  Sentiment,  fuch  Cor- 
rections, I  am  perfuaded,  will  need  no  Indul- 
gence, 

And  whenever  I  have  taken  a  greater  Lati- 
tude and  Liberty  in  amending,  I  have  con- 
ftantly  endeavoured  to  fupport  my  Corrections 
and  Conjectures  by  parallel  Paffages  and  Au- 
thorities from  himfelf,  the  fureit  Means  of 
expounding  any  Author  whatfoever*  Cettf 
*oo'ie  d' interpreter  un  Autheur  par  lui-meme  ejl 
plus  Jure  que  torn  les  Comment aires,  fays  a  very 
learned  French  Critick. 

As  to  my  Notes,  (from  which  the  common 
and  learned  Pleaders  of  our  Author,  I  hope, 
will  derive  fome  Pleafure;)  I  have  endea- 
voured to  give  them  a  Variety  in  fome  Propor- 
tion to  their  Number.  Where-ever  I  have 
ventur'd  at  an  Emendation,  a  Note  is  constant- 
ly fubjoin'd  to  juftify  and  aflert  the  Reafon 
of  it.  Where  I  only  offer  a  Conjecture,  and 
do  not  difturb  the  Text,  I  fairly  fet  forth  my 
Grounds  for  fuch  Conjecture,   and  fubmit  it 

c  3  to 


xtlV 


The    PREFACE. 

to  Judgment.  Some  Remarks  are  fpent  in 
explaining  Paffages,  where  the  Wit  or  Satire 
depends  on  an  obfcure  Point  of  Hiftory  :  Ci- 
thers, where  Allufions  are  to  Divinity,  Phi- 
lofophy,  or  other  Branches  of  Science.  Some 
are  added  to  (hew,  where  there  is  a  Sufpicion 
of  our  Author  having  borrow'd  from  the  An- 
tients  :  Others,  to  (hew  where  he  is  rallying 
his  Contemporaries  5  or  where  He  himfelfis 
rallied  by  them.  And  forne  are  neceflarily 
thrown  in,  to  explain  an  c-bfcure  and  obfolete 
Term,  Phrafe,  or  Idea.  I  once  intended  to 
have  added  a  complete  and  copious  GloJJiiry ; 
but  as  I  have  been  importun'd,  and  am  pre- 
paid, to  give  a  correct  Edition  of  our  Au- 
thor's Poems,  (in  which  many  Terms  oc- 
cur that  are  not  to  be  met  with  in  his  Plays,) 
I  thought  a  Gloffary  to  all  Sbakefpeares  Works 
more  proper  to  attend  that  Volume. 

In  reforming  an  infinite  Number  of  Para- 
ges in  the  'Pointing,  where  the  Senfe  was  be- 
fore quite  loft,  1  have  frequently  fubjoin'd 
Notes  to  fhew  the  depravd,  and  to  prove  the 
reform  d,  Pointing :  a  Part  of  Labour  in  this 
Work  which  I  could  very  willingly  have 
fpared  myfelf.  May  it  not  be  objected,  why 
then  have  you  burthen'd  us  with  thefe  Notes  ? 
The  Anfwer  is  obvious,  and,  if  I  miftake  not, 
very  material.  Without  fuch  Notes,  thefe 
PafTages  in  fubfequent  Editions  would  be  li- 
able, thro'  the  Ignorance  of  Printers  and  Cor- 
rectors, to  fall  into  the  old  Confufion  :  Where- 
as 


The    PREFACE.  xlv 

as,  a  Note  on  every  one  hinders  all  poffible 
Return  to  Depravity  ;  and  for  ever  fecures 
them  in  a  State  of  Purity  and  Integrity  not  to 
be  loft  or  forfeited. 

Again,  as  fome  Notes  have  been  neceffary 
to  point  out  the  Detection  of  the  corrupted 
Text,  and  eftablifh  the  Reftoration  of  the  ge- 
nuine Readings  \  fome  others  have  been  as  ne- 
ceffary for  the  Explanation  of  Paflages  ob- 
fcure  and  difficult.  To  underftand  the  Nc-Caufa  of 
ceffity  and  Ufe  of  this  Part  of  my  Task,  fome  f ■£"?"' 
Particulars  of  my  Author  s  Character  are  pre-  fpeare. 
vioufly  to  be  explain'd.  There  are  Obfcuri- 
fies  in  him,  which  are  common  to  him  with 
all  Poets  of  the  fame  Species ;  there  are  O- 
thers,  the  Iffue  of  the  Times  he  liv'd  in.;  and 
there  are  Others,  again,  peculiar  to  himfelf. 
The  Nature  of  Comic  Poetry  being  entirely 
fatyrical,  it  bufies  itfelf  more  in  expofing  what 
we  call  Caprice  and  Humour,  than  Vices  cog- 
nizable to  the  Laws.  The  Englijh,  from  the 
Happinefs  of  a  free  Conftitution,  and  a  Turn 
of  Mind  peculiarly  fpeculative  and  inquifitive, 
are  obferv'd  to  produce  more  Humourifts  and 
a  greater  Variety  of  Original  Characters,  than 
any  other  People  whatfoever  :  And  Thefe 
owing  their  immediate  Birtji  to  the  peculiar 
Genius  of  each  Age,  aa  infinite  Number  of 
Things  alluded  to,  glanced  at,  and  e^pos'd, 
muft  needs  become  obfqure,  as  the  Chambers 
themfelves  are  antiquated,  and  difufed.  An 
Editor  therefore  fhojuld  be  well  vers'd  in  the 

c  4  Hiftory 


lvi  The    PRE  FACE. 

Hiftory  and  Manners  of  his  Author's  Age,  if 
he  aims  at  doing  him  a  Service  :n  this  Re- 
fpedt. 

Eefides,  Wit  lying  moftly  in  the  AfTemblage 
of  Ideas,  and  in  the  putting  Thofe  together 
with  Quicknefs  and  Variety,  wherein   can  be 
found   any  Refemblance,    or    Congruity,     to 
make  up  pleafant  Pidtures,  and  agreeable  Vi- 
fions  in  the  Fancy;  the  Writer,  who  aims  at 
Wit,  mull  of  courfe  range  far  and  wide  for 
Materials.     Now,  the   Age,  in  which  Shake- 
fpeare  liv'd,  having,  above  all  others,  a  won- 
derful AfFedlion  to  appear  Learned,  They  de- 
clined vulgar  Images,  fuch  as  are  immediate- 
ly fetch'd  from  Nature,  and  rang'd  thro'  the 
Circle   of  the  Sciences    to  fetch   their  Ideas 
from  thence.      But  as   the  Refemblances   of 
fuch  Ideas  to  the  Subject  mull  neceffarily  lie 
very   much  out  of  the   common  Way,    and 
every  piece  of  Wit  appear  a  Riddle  to  the  Vul- 
gar; This,  that  fliould  have  taught  them  the 
forced,  quaint,  unnatural  Trad:  they  were  in, 
(and  induce  them  to  follow  a  more  natural 
One,)  was  the  very  Thing  that  kept  them  at- 
tached to  it.     The  oftentatious  Affectation  of 
abftrufe  Learning,  peculiar  to  that  Time,  the 
Love  that  Men  naturally  have  to  every  Thing 
that  looks  like  Myftery,  fixed  them  down  to 
this  Habit  of  Obfcurity.     Thus  became  the 
Poetry  oFDonne  (tho*  the  wittieft  Man  of 
that  Age,)  noihing  but  a  continued  Heap  of 
Riddles.     And  our  Shakejpeare,  with  all  his 

eafy 


The    PREFACE.  xhii 

eafy  Nature  about  him,  for  want  of  the  Know- 
ledge of  the  true  Rules  of  Art,  falls  frequent- 
ly into  this  vicious  Manner. 

The  third  Species   of  Obfcurities,    which 
deform  our  Author,  as  the  EfFe&s  of  his  own 
Genius  and  Chara&er,  are  Thofe  that  proceed 
from  his  peculiar  Manner  of  Thinking,  and  as 
peculiar  a  Manner  of  cloathing  thofe  Thoughts. 
With  regard  to  his  Thinking,  it  is  certain,  that 
he  had  a  general  Knowledge  of  all  the  Scien- 
ces :  But  his  Acquaintance  was  rather  That  of 
a  Traveller,  than  a  Native.     Nothing  in  Phi- 
lofophy    was  unknown  to  him ;    but  every 
Tiling  in  it  had  the  Grace  and  Force  of  No- 
velty.    And  as  Novelty  is  one  main  Source  of 
Admiration,  we  are  not  to  wonder  that  He 
has  perpetual  Allufions  to  the  moft  recondite 
Parts  of  the  Sciences :  and  This  was  done  not 
fo.  much  out  of  AfFe&ation,  as  the  Effect  of 
Admiration  begot  by  Novelty.     Then,  as  to 
his   Style  and   Diffion,    we  may  much  more 
juftly  apply  to  Shakespeare,  what  a  ce- 
lebrated Writer  has  faid  of  Milton;   Our 
Language  funk  under  him,  and  was  unequal  to 
that   Greatnefs   of  Soul  which  furnijtid    him 
with  juch  glorious  Conceptions.     He  therefore 
frequently  ufes  old  Words,  to  give  his  Diction 
an  Air  of  Solemnity;   as  he  coins  others,  to 
exprefs  the  Novelty  and  Variety  of  his  Ideas. 

Upon  every  diftinft  Species  of  thefe  Obfcu- 
rities  I  have  thought  it  my  Province  to  em- 
ploy a  Note,  for  the  Service  of  my  Author, 

and 


xlviii  The    PREFACE. 

and  the  Entertainment  of  my  Readers.  A 
few  tranfient  Remarks  too  I  have  not  fcru- 
pled  to  intermix,  upon  the  Poet's  Negligences 
and  OmiJJmm  in  point  of  Art ;  but  I  have  done 
it  always  in  fuch  a  Manner,  as  will  teftify 
my  Deference  and  Veneration  for  the  Immor- 
tal Author.  Some  Cenfurers  of  Shakejpeare, 
and  particularly  Mr.  Rymer,  have  taught  me 
to  diftinguifh  betwixt  the  Railer  and  CriticL 
The  Outrage  qf  his  Quotations  is  fo  remark- 
ably violent,  fo  pufh'd  beyond  all  Bounds  of 
Pecency  and  fober  Reafpning,  that  it  quite 
carries  over  the  Mark  at  which  it  was  levell'd. 
Extravagant  Abufe  throws  off  the  Edge  of 
the  intended  Difparagement,  and  turns  the 
Madman's  Weapon  into  his  own  Bofom.  In 
fhort,  as  to  Rymer,  This  is  my  Opinion  of 
him  from  his  Criticifms  on  the  Tragedies  of 
the  Laft  Age,  HCe  writes  with  great  Vivacity, 
and  appears  to  have  been  a  Scholar :  but,  as 
for  his  Knowledge  of  the  Art  of  Poetry,  I 
can't  perceive  it  was  any  deeper  than  his  Ac*. 
quaintance  with  Bojju  and  Dacier,  from  whom 
he  has  tranferibed  many  of  his  beft  Reflexi- 
ons. The  late  Mr.  Gil  Jon  was  One  attached 
to  Rymer  by  a  limilar  Way  of  Thinking  and 
Studies.  They  were  Both  of  that  Species  of 
Crkicks,  who  are  defirous  of  difplaying  their 
Powers  rather  in  finding  Faults,  than  in  con- 
futing the  Improvement  of  the  World  :  the 
hypercritical  Part  of  the  Science  of  Criticifm. 

I  had 


The    P  R  E  F  A  C  E.  tU 

I  had  not  mentioned  the  modeft  Liberty  I 
have  here  and  there  taken  of  animadverting 
on  my  Author,  but  that  I  was  willing  to  ob- 
viate in  time  the  fplenetick  Exaggerations  of 
my  Adverfaries  on  this  Head.  From  paft 
Experiments  I  have  Reafon  to  be  confcious, 
in  what  Light  this  Attempt  may  be  placed : 
and  that  what  I  call  a  modeft  Liberty,  will, 
by  a  little  of  their  Dexterity,  be  inverted  in- 
to downright  Impudence,  From  a  hundred 
mean  and  difhoneft  Artifices  employ'd  to  dis- 
credit this  Edition,  and  to  cry  down  its  Ed** 
tor,  I  have  all  the  Grounds  in  Nature  to  be 
aware  of  Attacks.  But  tho*  the  Malice  of 
Wit  join'd  to  the  Smoothnefs  of  Verfification 
inay  furnifh  fome  Ridicule;  Fa£t,  I  hope, 
will  be  able  to  ftand  its  Ground  againft  Ban- 
ter and  Gaiety. 

It  has  been  my  Fate,  it  feems,  as  I  thought  Shake- 
it  my  Duty,  to  difcover  fome  Anachronifms  in  J^|'a_ 
our  Author;  which  might  have  flept  in  Ob- nifmsde- 
fcurity  but  for  this  Rejlorer,  as  Mr.  Pope  \%fmded* 
pleas'd  affectionately  to  ftyle  me;  as,  for  In- 
stance, where  Arijlotle  is  mentioned  by  HeSlor 
in  Troilus  and  Crejftda  :  and  Galen,  Cato,  and 
Alexander  the  Great,    in  Coriolanus.     Thefe, 
in  Mr.  Popes  Opinion,   are  Blunders,  which 
the  Illiteracy  of  the  firft  Publishers  of  his 
Works  has  father'd  upon  the  Poet's  Memory: 
it  not  being  at  all  credible,  that  Thefe  could  be 
the  Errors  of  any  Man  who  had  the  leajl  Tinc- 
ture of  a  School,  or  the  leajl  Converjation  with 

Such 


1  The    PREFACE. 

Such  as  bad.  But  I  have  fufficiently  proved, 
in  the  Courfe  of  my  Notes ,  that  fuch  Ana- 
chronifms  were  the  EfFedt  of  poetic  Licence, 
rather  than  of  Ignorance  in  our  Poet.  And 
if  I  may. be  permitted  to  ask  a  modeft  Quef- 
Mr.PopeV  tion  by  the  way,  Why  may  not  I  reftore  an 
Anachro-  .  Anachronifm  really  made  by  our  Author,  as 

nijms  ex-  J  i '      t»   •    •  i  r 

amind.  well  as  Mr.  Pope  take  the  Privilege  to  fix  o- 
thers  upon  him,  which  he  never  had  it  in  his 
Head  to  make;  as  I  may  venture  to  affirm  He 
had  not,  in  the  Inftance  of  Sir  Francis  Drake, 
to  which  I  have  fpoke  in  the  proper  Place  ? 

But  who  fhall  dare  make  any  Words  about 
this  Freedom  of  Mr.  Popes  towards  Shake- 
fpeare,  if  it  can  be  prov'd,  that,  in  his  Fits 
of  Criticifm,  he  makes  no  more  Ceremony 
with  good  Homer  himfelf?  To  try,  then,  a 
Criticifm  of  his  own  advancing  -,  In  the  8th 
Book  of  the  Odyffey,  where  Demodocus  lings 
the  Epifode  of  the  Loves  of  Mars  and  Venus  -, 
and  that,  upon  their  being  taken  in  the  Net 
by  Vulcan, 

* —  cc  the  God  of  Arms 

"  Mitji pay  the  Penalty  for  lawlejs  Charms; 

Mr.  Pope  is  fo  kind  gravely  to  inform  us, 
"  That  Homer  in  This,  as  in  many  other  Pla- 
"  ces,  feems  to  allude  to  the  Laws  of  Athens, 
"  where  Death  was  the  Punifhment  of  Adul- 
4<  tery."  But  how  is  this  fignificant  Obferva- 
tion  made  out  ?  Why,   who  can  poffibly  ob- 

*  -*v  onv  Thing  to  the  Contrary  ? Does  not 

Paufa- 


The     PREFACE.  li 

Paufanias  relate,  that  Draco  the  Lawgiver  to 
the  Athenians  granted  Impunity  to  any  Per  [on 
that  took  Revenge  upon  an  Adulterer  ?  And  was 
it  not  alfo  the  Institution  of  Solon,  that  if  Any 
One  took  an  Adulterer  in  the  Fa£l,  he  might 
ufe  him  as  he  pleas' d?  Thefe  Things  are  very- 
true  :  and  to  fee  What  a  good  Memory,  and 
found  Judgment  in  Conjunction  can  atchieve! 
Tho'  Homers  Date  is  not  determin'd  down  to 
a  fingle  Year,  yet  'tis  pretty  generally  agreed 
that  he  liv'd  above  300  Years  before  Draco 
and  Solon  :  And  That,  it  feems,  has  made 
him  feem  to  allude  to  the  very  Laws,  which 
thefe  Two  Legiflators  propounded  above  300 
Years  after.  If  this  Inference  be  not  fome- 
thing  like  an  Anachronifm  or  Prolepjis,  I'll 
look  once  more  into  my  Lexicons  for  the  true 
Meaning  of  the  Words.  It  appears  to  m«, 
that  fomebody  befides  Mars  and  Venus  has 
been  caught  in  a  Net;  by  this  Epifode  :  and  I 
could  call  in  other  Inftances  to  confirm  what 
treacherous  Tackle  this  Network  is,  if  not 
cautioufly  handled. 

How  juft,  nocwithftanding,  I  have  been  in 
dete&ing  the  Anachroniims  of  my  Author, 
and  in  defending  him  for  the  Ufe  of  them, 
Our  late  Editor  feems  to  think,  They  fhould 
rather  have  flept  in  Obfcurity :  and  the  hav- 
ing diicovered  them  is  fneer'd  at,  as  a  fort 
of  wrong-headed  Sagacity. 

The  numerous  Corrections,  which  I  made 
of  the  Poet's  Text  in  my  Shakespeare 

Re/lord, 


iu  Tie    PRE  FA  CM. 

ReJior%  and  which  the  Publick  have  been  fo 
kind  to  think  Well  of,  are^  in  the  Appendix 
of  Mr.  Pope**  laft  Edition,  flightingly  call'd 
Various  Readings,  GueJJ'es,  &c.  He  confefles 
to  have  inferted  as  many  of  them  as  he  judged 
of  any  the  leaft  Advantage  to  the  Poet  3  bat 
fays,  that  the  Whole  amounted  to  about  25 
Words:  atid  pretends  to  have  annexed  a  com- 
jpleat  Lift  of  the  Reft,  which  were  not  worth 
his  embracing.  Whoever  has  read  my  Book 
will  at  one  glance  fee,  how  in  both  thefe 
Points  Veracity  is  ftfain'd,  fo  an  Injury  might 
but  be  done*  Malus  etji  ohejfe  non  potey  tamen 
cogitat. 
Literal  Another  Expedient,  to  make  my  Work  ap- 
Criticifm  pCaf  of  a  trifling  Nature,  has  been  an  At- 
*fen  tempt  to  depreciate  Literal  Criticifm.  To  this 
Endj  and  to  pay  a  fervile  Compliment  to 
Mr.  Pope>  an  Anonymous  Writer  has,  like  a 
Scotch  Pedlar  in  Wit>  unbraced  his  Pack  on 
the  Subjedt.  But,  that  his  Virulence  might 
not  feem  to  be  levelled  fingly  at  Me,  he  has 
done  Me  the  Honour  to  join  Dr.  Bentley  in 
the  Libel.  I  was  in  hopes,  We  ftiould  have 
been  Both  abufed  with  Smartnefs  of  Satire,  at 
leaft;  tho'  not  with  Solidity  of  Argument: 
that  it  might  have  been  worth  fome  Reply 
in  Defence  of  the  Science  attacked.  But  I 
may  fairly  fay  of  this  Author,   as   Faljiaffe 

does  of  Poins  \ . »  Hang  him,   Baboon  I  his 

Wit  is  as  thick  as  Tewksbury  Mujiard ;  there 
u  no  more  Conceit  in  him>  than  is  in  a  Mal- 
let. 


The    PREFACE. 

let.  If  it  be  not  Prophanation  to  fet  the 
Opinion  of  the  divine  Longinus  againft  fuch 
a  Scribler,  he  tells  us  exprefly,  "  That  to 
"  make  a  Judgment  upon  Words  (and  Writ- 
cc  ings)  is  the  moft  confummatc  Fruit  of 
<c  much  Experience/'  *J  y>  «7^f  Xoyw  x^Jiais 
•sroAA^s  ££t  '&■&£&$  tsxAitoulov  iiri^v^juLa,,  When- 
ever Words  are  depraved,  the  Scnfe  of  courfe 
muft  be  corrupted ;  and  thence  the  Readers 
betray 'd  into  a  falfe  Meaning.  Tho'  I  fhould 
be  convifted  of  Pedantry  by  fomc,  I'll  ven- 
ture to  fubjoin  a  few  flagrant  Inflances,  in 
which  I  have  obferved  moft  Learned  Men  have 
fuffer'd  themfelves  to  be  deceived,  and  confe- 
quently  led  their  Readers  into  Error  :  and 
This  for  want  of  the  Help  of  Literal  Critic 
cifm  :  in  fome,  thro*  Indolence  and  Inadver- 
tence :  in  others,  perhaps,  thro'  an  abfolute 
Contempt  of  It.  If  the  Subject  may  feem  to 
invite  this  Digreffion,  I  hope,  the  life  and 
application  will  ferve  to  excufe  it. 

I.  In  that  golden  Fragment,  which  we  have  piatonius 
left  of  Platonius,  upon  the  three  Kinds  of  <*rr'^- 
Greek  Comedy,  after  he  has  told  us>  that 
when  the  State  of  Athens  was  alter'd  from  a 
Democrafy  to  an  Oligarchy,  and  that  the 
Poets  grew  cautious  whom  they  libell'd  in 
their  Comedies ;  when  the  People  had  no  lon- 
ger any  Defire  to  cboofe  the  accuftom'd  Offi- 
cers for  furnifhing  Choric  Singers,  and  defray- 
ing the  Expence  of  them,  Ariftophanes  brought 
©n  a  Piay  in  which  there  was  no  Chorus.  For, 

fubjoins 


li*  The    P  R  E  F  A  C  E. 

fubjoins  He,  Jfi  $  XOPET  TflTN  ffn  x«&>~ 

T£?(poL$,  vTre^Yipe&n  m$  K.cojjL^iacs  to.  %o^jotct  /me- 
A>?)  Key  t^J*  viro^feaecav  o  T£p7r©*  fjLeTefZAii&y. 
cc  73fe  Chorus-Singers  being  no  longer  chofen  by 
"  Suffrage,  and  the  Furnifhers  of  the  Chorus 
<c  no  longer  having  their  Maintenance,  the  Cho- 
<e  ric  Songs  were  taken  out  of  Comedies,  and  the 
"  Nature  of  the  Argument  and  Fable  chang'd." 
But  there  happen  to  be  two  fignal  Miftakes  in 
this  fhort  Sentence.  For  the  Chorus-Singers 
were  nev^r  elected  by  Suffrage  at  all,  but  hir'd 
by  the  proper  Officer  who  was  at  the  Expence 
of  the  Chorus  :  and  the  Furnifhers  of  the 
Chorus  had  never  either  Table,  or  Stipend,  al- 
lowed them,  towards  their  Charge.  To  what 
Purpofe  then  is  this  Sentence,  which  fhould 
be  a  Deduction  from  the  Premifes,  and  yet  is 
none,  brought  in?  Or  how  comes  the  Rea- 
foning  to  be  founded  upon  what  was  not,  the 
Fad?  The  Miftake  manifeftly  arifes  from  a 
carelefs  Tranfpofition  made  in  the  Text:  Lee 
the  two  Greek  Words,  which  I  have  diftin- 
guiflied  by  Capitals,  only  change  Places,  and 
we  recover  what  Platonius  meant  to  infer  : 
*X0p»>«V. *  That  the  *  Furnijhers  of  Chorus's  being  no 
+  xoP<£-  "  longer  ele&ed  by  Suffrage,  and  the  \  Cho- 
"  rus-Singers  having  no  Provifion  made  for 
"  them,  Chorus's  were  abolifhed,  and  the  Sub- 
"  jedts  of  Comedies  alter'd. 

II.  There  is  another  more  egregious  Error 
ftill  fubfifting   in  this  inftrudtive  Fragment, 

which 


TtoV.  " 


The    P  R  E  F  A  C  E.  Ir 

which  has  likewife  efcaped  the  Notice  of  the 
Learned.  The  Author  is  faying,  that,  in  the 
old  Comedy,  the  Masks  were  made  fo  nearly 
to  refemble  the  Perfons  to  be  fatirized,  that 
before  the  Adtor  fpoke  a  Word,  it  was  known 
whom  he  was  to  perfonate.  But,  in  the  New 
Comedy,  when  Athens  was  conquered  by  the 
Macedonians,  and  the  Poets  were  fearful  left 
their  Masks  fhould  be  conftrued  to  refemble 
any  of  their  New  Governors,  they  formed 
them  fo  prepofteroufly  as  only  to  move  Laugh- 
ter ;    ogpfjfyj  ySu   ( fays    He )   t<xs  o<pgv$  qa>   Toii 

Q7rooi  cf^er&LjjLijfyjQv  to  2  £f  M  A,  $  bH  Hp  AW" 
Sr&irwv  cpuffiv.  "  We  fee  therefore  what  flrange 
"  Eyebrows  there  are  to  the  Masks  ufed  in  Me- 
"  nander'j  Comedies ;  and  how  the  Body  is  dif- 
"  torted,  and  unlike  any  human  Creature  alive" 
But  the  Author,  'tis  evident,  is  fpeaking  ab- 
ftra&edly  of  Masks;  and  what  Reference  has 
the  Diftortion  of  the  Body  to  the  Look  of  a 
Vifor  ?  I  am  fatisfied,  Platonius  wrote ;  xj  o-roos 
dfy<re?l*$>Qv  to  "O  MM  A,  i.  e.  "and  how 
"  the  Eyes  were  goggled  and  dijlorted"  This 
is  to  the  Purpofe  of  his  Subject :  and  Jul. 
Pollux,  in  describing  the  Comic  Mafques, 
fpeaks  of  fome  that  had  STPEBAON  to 
"OMMA:  Others,  that  were  AIA'STPO- 
OOI  r  *0¥IN.  Perversis  oculis,  as 
Cicero  calls  them,  fpeaking  of  Rofcius. 

III.  Suidas,  in  the  fhort  Account  that  he  Camera- 
has  given  us  of  Sophocles,  tells  us,   that,  be-  jj5£? 

d  fides  mijtakcL 


Ivi  The    PREFACE. 

fides  Dramatic  Pieces,  he  wrote  Hymns  and 

Elegies ;  ^  Xoyov  ycocrocAoyct^Uu  it%c   t#    XopS 

*&&$  (dzoouiv  £  Xoig/hov  aycovifyfjfyj©*.     This  tne 

Learned  Camerarius  has  thus  tranflated :  Scrip- 

Jit  Oratione  folutd  de  Choro  contra  Thefpin  £? 

Choerilum  quempiatn.      And  Keujier  likewife 

underftood,   and   render'd,  the  Paffage  to  the 

fame  Effedt.     He  owns,  the  Place  is  obfcure, 

and  fufpedted  by  him.     "  For  how  could  So- 

"  phocfes  contend  with  Thefpis  and  Choerilus, 

<c  who  livd  long  before  his  Time?"  The  Scho- 

*  In  Ra-   Haft  upon  *  AriJlophanesy    however,   exprefly 

bis,  v.  73.  fayS^  as  j^eufer  might  have  remember'd,  that 

Sophocles  actually  did  contend  with  Chcerilus. 
But  that  is  a  Point  nothing  to  the  Paffage  in 
Queftion ;  which  means,  as  I  have  {hewn  in 
another  Place,  That  Sophocles  declaim  d  in 
Profe,  contending  to  obtain  a  Chorus  for  re- 
viving fome  Pieces  of  Thefpis  and  Choerilus. 
Is  This  contending  againft  Them,  as  rival 
Poets  ? 
Meurfms,  IV.  Some  other  Learned  Men  have  likewife 
WCa-     j3een  miftakeQ  in  particulars  with  regard  to 

meranus  •  r  1  •      t  •  r 

mifiaken.  Sophocles.  In  the  Synopns  or  his  Lite,  we 
find  thefe  Words  -,  TeAdjrct  q  $  'Ev&Trlfluj 
iroov  ?>  Meurfuts,  as  well  as  Camerarius,  have 
expounded  This,  as  if  Sophocles  furviv'd  Eu- 
ripides fix  Years.  But  the  beft  Accounts  a- 
gree  that  they  died  both  in  the  fame  Year,  a 
little  before  the  Frogs  of  Ariftophanes  was 
play'd  ;  fell.  Olymp.  93,  3.  The  Meaning, 
therefore,  of  the  Paffage  is,    as  fome  of  the 

Com- 


The    PREFACE.  Ivii 

Commentators,  have  rightly  obferv'd  -,  That 
Sophocles  died  after  Euripides,  at  90  Tears  of 
Age.  The  Miftake  arofe  from  hence,  that,  in 
Numerals,  ej-  fignifies  as  well  6  as  90. 

V.  The  Learned  Father  Brumoy  too,  who  *ftber  - 
has  lately  given  us  three  Volumes  upon  the  m^kln, 
Theatre  of  the  Greeks,  has  flipt  into  an  Error 
about  Sophocles;  for,  fpeaking  of  his  Antigone, 
he  tells  us,  it  was  in  fuch  Requeft  as  to  be 
perform'd  Two  and  Thirty  times ;  Elle  fut 
reprefentee  trente  deux  fois.  The  Account,  on 
which  This  is  grounded,  we  have  from  the 
Argument  prefix'd  to  Antigone  by  Arijlophanes 
the  Grammarian :  and  the  Latin  Tranflator  of 
this  Argument*  probably,  led  Father  Brumoy 
into  his  Miftake,  and  he  (hould  have  referr'd 
to  the  Original.     The  Greek  Words  are  ;  Ag- 

i.  e.  "  This  Play  is  faid  to  have  been  the  Thir- 
**  ty  Second,  in  Order  of  Time,  produced  by 
"  Sophocles. 

The  Miftakes,  that  I  have  mention'd,  (tho' 
they  neceffarily  lead  into  Error,  from  the  Au- 
thority with  which  they  come  into  the  World  j) 
yet  are  fuchj  'tis  obvious,  as  have  been  the 
Effe&s  of  Inadvertence  5  and  therefore  I  do 
not  quote  them  to  the  Difhonour  of  their 
Learned  Authors.  I  fhall  point  out  Two  or 
Three,  which  feem  to  have  fprung  from  an- 
other Source :  either  a  due  Want  of  Sagacity* 
or  an  abfolute  Negled:  of  literal  Criticifm. 

d  2  VI.  Sir 


lviii  7he     PREFACE. 

s/rGeorge     VI.  Sir  George  JVheler,  who,  in  his  Jou&- 
fh*eaed.  N  E  Y  *nto  Greece,  has  traded  much  with 


con 


Greek  Antiquities  and  Infcriptions,  and  who 
certainly  was  no  mean  Scholar,  has  (hewn 
himfelf  very  carelefs  in  this  Refpe<!t  When 
he  was  at  Sardis,  he  met  with  a  Medal  of  the 
Emperor  Commodus  feated  in  the  Midft  of  the 
Zodiack  with  Celeflial  Signs  engraven  on  it ; 
and,  on  the  other  Side,  a  Figure  with  a 
Crown-Mure  with  thefe  Letters  about  it,  2ag- 
<fiS  'Aen'as„  ATAIA2,  ^EAAct^©-,  a  ^twT^p7ro- 
At$:  Sardis,  the jirjl Metropolis  of Alia,  Greece, 

and  Audia.  ■ But   where  and  what  Audia 

was,  {Jays  He)  I  find  not.     Now  is   it  not 

very  ftrange,  that  this  Gentleman  fhould  not 

remember,  that  Sardis  was  the  Capital  City 

of  Lydia  ;    and,  confequently,  that  for  A  T- 

AIA2  we  (hould  read  ATAI'AS?  Tho'my 

Correction  is  too  obvious  to  want  any  Jufti- 

fication,    yet,    I  find,    it  has   One  from    the 

+  In  his  Learned  Father  |  Harduin  -,  who  produces  ano- 

Kummi     thej-  Coin  of  Sardis  (in  the  French  King's  Ca- 

Mufrati.  binet)  which  bears  the  very  fame  Infcription, 

cuily  exhibited  as  it  ought  to  be. 

Nor  was  This  a  fingle  Inaccuracy  in  Sir 
George.  I'll  inftance  in  Two  pretty  Infcripti- 
ons, the  One  an  Epitaph,  the  other  a  Votive 
Table,  which  He  has  given  Us,  but  in  a  very 
corrupt  Condition.  Tho*  I  have  never  been 
in  Greece,  nor  fecn  the  Infcriptions  any  where 
but  in  his  Book,  I  think,  I  can  reftore  them 
to  their  true  Senfe  and  Numbers :  And,  as 

they 


The    PREFACE.  lix 

they  are  particularly  elegant,  fome  Readers 
^ill  not  be  difpleas'd  to  fee  them  in  a  State 
cf  Purity. 

VII.  Of  the  Antiquities  0/*  Philadelphia  (fays  J*  Epi- 
he)  /  had  but  a  Jlender  Account ;  only  I  have  ^laedand 
the  Copy  of  one  Infcription,  being  the  Monument  explain  v. 
of  a  Virgin,   in  thefe  three  Couplets  of  Verjes. 
But  {he  was  fo  far  from  being  a  Virgin,  that 
the  Epitaph  fhews  her  to  have  been  a  Wife\ 
that  it  was  put  up  in  Memory  of  Her  by  her 
Husband-,  and  that  fhe  dy'd  in  the  Flower  of 
her  Youth  at  the  Age  of  twenty  three. 


llagSrivw  is  d^Aucrs  pirglw  H2APION  aj/0©*    „'%%* 

Kaj  jj^  TtfSc^g  Sravev  4  tsto  Aj7r8<ra<pa©*.  4  ^T0  */- 

I  have,  for  Brevity's  fake,  mark'd  the  ge-  *• 
neral  Corrections,  which  I  have  made,  at  the 
Side.  The  third  Verfe  is  neither  true  in 
Quantity,  nor  Language :  H2APION  is  a 
VIonfter  of  a  Word,  which  never  could  be  the 
Reading  of  any  Marble.  As  I  correct  it,  we 
recover  a  moft  beautiful  Couplet. 

UetfSrevovf  ns  avfoxmf  p/rap"  "^HS  'HPINO'N 
'Eexev  ovntJUTtXei  Travcrolftepov  SrcthdfjLa. 

d  3  Puellam 


h  The    P  R  E  F  A  C  E. 

Pue Ham,  cujus  Zonamfolvit-y  cujusV ernus 
Flos 
Prcepropero  tabuit  in  Thalarno. 

4  Votive  VIII.  I  come  now  to  the  Votive  Table, 
TablJ COi '  which  is  rich  in  poetick  Graces,  however  o- 
verwhelm'd  with  Depravation :  and  Sir  George 
feems  as  much  to  have  miftaken  the  Pur- 
port, as  the  Words,  of  the  Infcription,  At 
Chalcedon,  fays  he,  I  found  an  Infcription  in 
the  Wall  of  a  private  Houfe  near  the  Church  ; 
which  fignifeth,  that  Evante,  the  Son  of  Anti- 
pater,  having  made  a  profperous  Voyage,  and 
defiring  to  return  by  the  iEgean  Sea,  offer  d 
Cakes  at  a  Statue,  which  he  had  ereSled  to  Ju- 
piter, which  had  fent  him  fitch  good  Weather \ 
as  a  Token  of  his  good  Voyage. 

1  OTPION  KH  2  nPIMNHS  *$  &hyir 

Tjavol  y^)  3  'zzt^tON  QNi^iov  cKLirerclc-oLS 
4  En  I   KTANEA2  AINA2  APOMOT2 

TETtol  kolt  Aiycuctv  tztovIs  7rKoi-)tx  5  NA2  epdj- 

NW^ft)'   *&f  H  6  B AAAnN  -{aural  *%£ 
7  tp:  znANH. 

8  O  AE  $■  9  ETANTH  *  *«  &eiv  'A^Tra- 


1  ''Oupof. 
Wiov. 

f  Nor*?. 

9  CVAJ/&J). 


T08  'ZZTCM5 


'g 


i  o 


$|AfcT. 


St^cs  io  qihw  olyaQvs  (rvfiGohov  ou7rho'in$» 


The   PREFACE.  hi 

I  have  mark'd,  as  before,  my  Corrections 
at  the  Side  -,  and  I  may  venture  to  fay,  I  have 
fupported  the  faltring  Verfes  both  with 
Numbers  and  Senfe.  But  who  ever  heard  of 
Evante,  as  the  Name  of  a  Man,  in  Greece  ? 
Neither  is  this  Infcription  a  Piece  of  Ethnic 
Devotion,  as  Sir  George  has  fuppos'd  it,  to  a 
Statue  eredted  to  Jupiter :  On  the  contrary, 
it  defpifes  thofe  fruitlefs  Superftitions.  Philo 
(a  Chrijlian,  as  it  feems  to  me  -,)  fets  it  up, 
in  Thanks  for  a  fafe  Voyage,  to  the  true  God. 
That  all  my  Readers  may  equally  fhare  in  this 
little  Poem,  I  have  attempted  to  put  it  into 
an  Englijh  Drefs. 

Invoke  who  Will  the  proff  rous  Gale  behind, 
Jove  at  the  Prow,  while  to  the  guiding  Wind 
Oyer  the  blue  Billows  he  the  Sail  expands, 
Where  Neptune  with  each  Wave  heaps  Hills 

of  Sands  : 
Then  let  him,  when  the  Surge  he  backward 

plows. 
Pour  to  his  Statue-God  unaiding  Vows: 
But  to  the  God  of  Gods,  for  Deaths  o'erpajl. 
For  Safety  lent  him  on  the  watry  Wajle, 
To  native  Shores  return  dy  thus  Philo  pays 
His  Monument  of  Thanks,  of  'grateful  Praife, 

I  (hall  have  no  Occafion,  I  believe,  to  ask 
the  Pardon  offome  Readers  for  thefe  Nine  laft 
Pages ;  and  Others  may  be  fo  kind  to  pafs 
them  over  at  their  Pleafure.  (Thofe  Disco- 
veries, which  give  Light   and  Satisfaction  to 

d  4  the 


Ixii  The    P  R  E  F  AC  E. 

the  truly  Learned,  I  muft  confefs,  are  Dark- 
nefs  and  Myftery  to  the  lefs  capable :  $>iyy<§* 
fjitv  %itotlQi$>   oc^uueToli  £*  'Egs£©*.)    Nor  will 
they  be  absolutely  foreign,  I  hope,  to  a  Pre- 
face in  fome  Meafure  critical ;  efpecially,  as 
it  could  not  be  amifs  to  (hew,  that  I  have  read 
other  Books  with  the  fame  Accuracy,  with 
which  I  profefs  to  have  read  Shake/peart.    Be- 
fides,  I  defign'd  this  Inference  from  the  De- 
fence of  Literal  Criticifm.     If  the  Latin  and 
Greek  Languages  have  receiv'd   the  greateft 
Advantages  imaginable  from  the  Labours  of 
the  Editors  and  Criticks  of  the  two  laft  Ages; 
by  whofe  Aid  and  Affiftancc  the  Grammari- 
ans   have  been  enabled    to  write   infinitely 
better  in  that  Art  than  even  the  preceding 
Grammarians,  who  wrote  when  thofe  Tongues 
flourifh'd  as  living  Languages :  I  fhould  ac- 
count it  a  peculiar  Happinefs,   that,  by  the 
faint  Aflay  I  have  made  in  this  Work,    a  Path 
might  be  chalk'd  out,  for  abler  Hands,  by 
which  to  derive  the  fame  Advantages  to  our 
own  Tongue:  a  Tongue,  which,  tho*  it  wants 
none  of  the  fundamental  Qualities  of  an  univer- 
fal  Language,  yet  as  a  noble  Writer  fays,  lifps 
andftammersas  in  itsCradle;  and  has  produced 
little  more  towards  its  polifhing  than  Com- 
plaints of  its  Barbarity. 
<r->  Delay       Having    now  run  thro'  all  thofe  Points, 
jtbisEdt-  ^1^  J  intended  fhould  make  any  Part  of  this 
jei\  Differtation,  it  only  remains,  that  I  fhould  ac- 

count to  the  Pqblick,  but  more  particularly  to 
»  my 


The    PREFACE.  ]xiii 

my  Subfcribers,  why  they  have  waited  fo 
long  for  this  Work ;  that  I  fhould  make  my 
Acknowledgments  to  thofe  Friends,  who  have 
been  generous  Afiiftants  to  me  in  the  con- 
ducting it :  and,  laftly,  that  I  (hould  acquaint 
my  Readers  what  Pains  I  have  myfelf  taken 
to  make  the  Work  as  complete,  as  faithful 
Induftry,  and  my  beft  Abilities,  could  ren- 
der it. 

In  the  middle  of  the  Year  1728,  I  firft  put 
out  my  Propofah  for  publifhing  only  Emenda- 
tions and  Remarks  on  our  Poet:  and  I  had 
not  gone  on  many  Months  in  this  Scheme* 
before  I  found  it  to  be  the  unanimous  Wifli 
of  thofe  who  did  me  the  Honour  of  their 
Subfcriptions,   that  I   would  give  them  the 
Poet's  Text  correded;  and  that  I  would  fub-         • 
join  thofe  Explanatory  Remarks,  which  I  had 
purpos'd  to  publifh  upon  the  Foot  of  my 
firft   Propofals.     Earneft  Sollicitations   were 
made  to  me,  that  I  would  think  of  fuch  an 
Edition;  which   I  had  as  ftrong  Defires  to 
liften  to  :  and  fome  noble  Perfons  then,  whom 
I  have  no  Privilege  to  name,  were  pleafed  to 
intereft  themfelves  fo  far  in  the  Affair,  as  to 
propofe  to  Mr.  Ton/on  his  undertaking  an  Im- 
prefiion  of  Shakefpeare  with  my  Corrections. 
The  throwing  my  whole  Work  into  a  diffe- 
rent Form,  to  comply  with  this  Propofal,  was 
not  the  flighted  Labour :  and  fo  no  little  Time 
was  unavoidably  loft.     While  the  Publicati- 
en  of  my  Remarks  was  thus  refpited,    my 

Enemies 


Ixiv  The    PREFACE. 

Enemies  took  an  unfair  Occafion  to  fuggeft, 
that  I  was  extorting  Money  from  my  Subscri- 
bers, without  ever  defigning  to  give  them  any 
Thing  for  it :  an  Infinuation  leveird  at  once 
to  wound  me  in  Reputation  and  Intereft. 
Confcious,  however,  of  my  own  jufl  Intenti- 
ons, and  labouring  all  the  while  to  bring  my 
wifh'd  Purpofe  to  bear,  I  thought  thefe  ano- 
nymous Slanderers  worthy  of  no  Notice.  A 
Juftification  of  myfelf  would  have  been  giv- 
ing them  Argument  for  fre(h  Abufe ;  and  I 
was  willing  to  believe  that  any  unkind  Opini- 
ons, entertain'd  to  my  Prejudice,  would  na- 
turally drop  and  lofe  their  Force,  when  the 
Publick  fhould  once  be  convinc'd  that  I  was 
in  Earned,  and  feady  to  do  them  Juftice.  I 
left  no  Means  untry'd  to  put  it  in  my  Power 
to  do  this:  and  1  hope,  without  Breach  of 
Modefty,  I  may  venture  to  appeal  to  all  can- 
did Judges,  whether  I  have  not  employ'd  all 
my  Power  to  be  jufl:  to  them  in  the  Execu- 
tion of  my  Task.  I  muft  needs  have  been  in 
the  moft  Pain,  who  faw  myfelf  daily  fo  bar- 
baroufly  outraged.  I  might  have  taken  ad- 
vantage of  the  favourable  Impreffions  enter- 
tain^ of  my  Work,  and  hurried  it  crudely 
into  the  World:  But  I  have  fuffer'd,  for  my 
Author's  fake,  thofe  Impreffions  to  cool,  and 
perhaps,  be  loft  -y  and  can  now  appeal  only 
to  the  Judgment  of  the  Publick.  If  I  fucceed 
in  this  Point,  the  Reputation  gain'd  will  be 
the  more  folid  and  lafting. 

I 


The    PRE  FACE.  lxv 

I  come  now  to  fpeak  of  thofe  kind  Affif-  Achww. 
tances  which  I  have  met  with  from  partial-  A^Lt 
lar   Friends,  towards    forwarding    and  corn- 
pleating   this  Work.     Soon  after  my  Defiga 
was  known,  I  had  the  Honour  of  an  Invita- 
tion to  Cambridge  \  and  a  generous  Promife 
from  the  Learned  and  ingenious  Dr.  Thirlby 
of  y  ^-College,   there,  who  had  taken  great 
Pains  with  my  Author,  that  I  ftiould  have 
the  Liberty  of  collating  his  Copy  of  Shake- 
fpeare,  mark'd  thro'  in  the  Margin  with  his 
own  Manufcript  References  and  accurate  Ob- 
fervations.     He   not   only    made    good    this 
Promife,  but  favoured  me  with  a  Set  of  E- 
mendations,  interfpers'd  and  diftinguifh'd   in 
his  Name  thro'  the  Edition,  and  which  can 
need  no  Recommendation  here  to  the  judici- 
ous Reader. 

The  next  Afliftance  I  receiv'd   was  from 
my    ingenious    Friend    Hawley  Bijhop  Efq; 
whofe  great  Powers  and    extenfive  Learning 
are  as  well  known,  as  his  uncommon  Modef- 
ty,  to  all  who  have  the  Happinefs  of  his  Ac- 
quaintance.    This   Gentleman  was  fo  gene- 
rous, at  the  Expence  both  of  his  Pocket  and 
Time,  to  run  thro*  all  Shake/pear e  with  mc. 
We  join'd  Bufmefs  and  Entertainment  toge- 
ther; and  at  every  of  our  Meetings,  which 
were  conftantly  once  a  Week,  we  read  over  a 
Playy  and  came  mutually  prepar'd  to  com- 
municate our  Conjectures  upon  it  to  each  o- 
then     The  Pleafure  of  thefe  Appointments,  I 

think, 


lxvi  The    PREFACE. 

think,  I  may  fay,  richly  compenfated  for  the 
Labour  in  our  own  Thoughts  :  and  I  may 
venture  to  affirm,  in  the  Behalf  of  my  Af- 
fiftant,  that  our  Author  has  derived  no  little 
Improvement  from  them. 

To  thefe,  I  muft  add  the  indefatigable  Zeal 
and  Induftry  of  my  moll  ingenious  and  ever- 
refpedted  Friend,  the  Reverend  Mr.  William 
Warburton  of  Newark  upon  T'rent.  This 
Gentleman,  from  the  Motives  of  his  frank 
and  communicative  Difpofition,  voluntarily 
took  a  confiderable  Part  of  my  Trouble  qAF 
my  Hands ;  not  only  read  over  the  whole 
Author  for  me,  with  th$  exa&eft  Care ;  but 
enter'd  into  a  long  and  laborious  Epiflolary 
Correfpqndence ;  tq  which  I  owe  no  fmall 
Part  of  my  beft  Criticifms  upon  my  Author. 

The  Number  of  Paflages  amended,  and 
admirably  Explained,  which  I  have  taken 
care  to  diftinguifh  with  hi$  Name,  will  fhew 
a  Finenefs  of  Spirit  and  Extent  of  Reading, 
beyond  all  {he  Commendations  I  can  give 
them :  Nor,  indeed,  woul4  I  any  farther  be 
thought  to  commend  a  friend,  than,  in  fo 
doing,  to  give  a  Teftimony  of  my  own  Gra- 
titude. How  great  a  fhare  foever  of  Praife  I 
muft  lofe  from  rqyfelf,  in  confeffing  thefe 
Affiftances  ;  and  however  my  own  poor  Con-r 
jeflures  may  be  weaken'd  by  the  Comparifon 
with  theirs ;  I  am  very  well  content  to  fa- 
crifice  my  Vanity  to  the  Pride  of  being  fo 
affifted,    and   the  Pleafure  of  being  juft   tq 

their 


the    PREFACE.  Ixvii 

their  Merits.  I  beg  leave  to  obfcrve  to  my  Rea- 
ders,in  one  Word,  here,  that  From  the  Confef- 
tion  of  thefe  fucceflive  Aids,  and  the  Manner 
in  which  I  derived  them,  it  appears,  I  have 
pretty  Well  fill'd  up  the  Interval,  betwixt  my 
firft  Propofals  and  my  Publication,  with  having 
my  Author  always  in  View,  and  at  Heart. 

Some  Hints  I  have  the  Honour  to  owe  t© 
the  Informations  of  Dr.  Mead,  and  the  late 
Dr.  Friendi  Others  to  the  Kindnefs  of  the 
ingenious  Martin  Folkes,  Efq;  who  likewife 
furnifliM  me  with  the  firft  folio  Edition  of 
Shakefpeare,  at  a  Time  when  I  could  not  meet 
with  it  among  the  Bookfellers  ;  as  my  obliging 
Friend  Thomas  Coxeter,  Efq;  did  with  feverai 
of  the  old  4t0  fingle  Plays,  which  I  then  had 
not  in  my  own  Colle&ion.  Some  few  Obfer- 
vations  I  likewife  owe  to  F.  Plumptree9 
Efq;  Others  to  the  Favour  of  anonymous  Per- 
fons :  for  all  which  I  moft  gladly  render  my 
Acknowledgments. 

As  to  what  regards  my  felf  fingly,   if  the  q%e  Ed{m 
Edition  do  not  fpeak  for  the  Pains  I  have  tor's  parti- 
taken  about  it,  it  will  be  very  vain  to  plead  c"/a.r 
my  own   Labour    and    Diligence.   Befides  a  taken. 
faithful  Collation  of   all  the  printed  Copies, 
which  I  have  exhibited  in  my  Catalogue  of 
Editions  at  the  End  of  this  Work;    let    it 
|  fuffice  to  fay,  that,  to  clear  up  feverai  Errors 
!  in  the  Hiftorical  Plays,  I  purpofely  read  over 
|  Hall  and    Holing/head's   Chronicles    in   the 
li  Reigns  concern'd  -,  all  the  Novels  in  Italian^ 

from 


lxviii  The    PREFACE. 

from  which  our  Author  had  borrow'd  any  of 
his  Plots;  fuch  Parts  of  Plutarch,  from  which 
he  had  deriv'd  any  Parts  of  his  Greek  or  Ro- 
man Story:  Chaucer  and  Spenfers  Works;  all 
the  Plays  of  B.  Jonfon,  Beaumont  and  Fletcher •> 
and  above  800  old  Englijh  Plays,  to  afcertain 
the  obfolete  and  uncommon  Phrafes  in  him  : 
Not  to  mention  fome  Labour  and  Pains  un- 
pleafantly  fpent  in  the  dry  Task  of  confulting 
Etymological  Glojfaries. 

But  as  no  Labour  of  Mine  can  be  equiva- 
lent to  the  dear  and  ardent  Love  I  bear  for 
Sbakefpeare,  fo,  if  the  Publick  lhall  be  pleas'd 
to  allow  that  He  owes  any  Thing  to  my  Wil- 
lingnefs  and  Endeavours  of  reftoring  Him  ;  I 
lhall  reckon  the  Part  of  my  Life  fo  engag'd, 
to  have  been  very  happily  employ 'd  :  and  put 
Myfelf,  with  great  Submiffion^  to  be  try'd  by 
my  Country  in  the  Affair. 


t  An  EPITAPH  on  the  admirable 
Dramatick  Poet,     W.  Shakespeare. 

X'XT  HAT  neede  my  Shakefpeare  for  his  honoured 

*  *  Bones 

Tide  Labour  of  an  Age,  in  piled  Stones  ? 
Or  that  his  hallow' d  Reliques  fhould  be  hid 
Under  a  ftarr-y-pointing  Pyramid  ? 
Deare  Sonne  of  Memory,  great  Heire  of  Fame, 
What  needft  thou  fuch  dull  JVitneffe  of  thy  Name  ? 
Thou  in  our  Wonder  and  Afionifhment  ' 
Haft  built  thy  felfe  a  live- long  Monument  : 
For  whir  ft  to  thi1  Shame  of  flow- endev  our  ing  Art 
Thy  eafie  Numbers  flow,  and  that  each  Heart 
Hath  from  the  Leaves  of  thy  unvalued  Booke, 
Thofe  Delphicke  Lines,  fuch  deep  Impreffioh  tooke  : 
Then  thou,  our  Fancy  of  her  felfe  bereaving, 
Doft  make  us  Marble  with  too  much  conceiving  : 
And,  fo  fepulcher'd,  in  fuch  Pompe  doft  lie, 
That  Kings  for  fuch  a  Tombe  would  wifh  to  die. 

J.  Milton. 

+  Tin's  Epitaph  was  written  in  1630,  when  Milton  was  in  his 
Two  and  Twentieth  Year;  for  he  was  born  in  1608. 


In  Remembrance  of 
Matter  William  Shakespeare. 

ODE. 

T>  Eware  (delighted  Poets  f)  when  you  fing 
*~*   To  welcome  Nature  in  the  early  Spring, 
Tour  numerous  Feet  not  tread 

The 


The  Banks  of  Avon  $  for  each  Flower 
(As  it  ne'er  knew  a  Sun,  or  Shower  J 

Hangs,  there,  the  penfeve  Head. 
II. 
Each  Tree,  whofe  thick  and  fpreading  Growth  hath 

made 
Rather  a  Night  beneath  the  Boughs,  than  Shade, 

(Unwilling  now  to  grow,) 
Looks  like  the  Plume  a  Captain  weares, 
Whofe  rifled  Falls  are  fteept  fth'  Teares 

Which  from  his  lafi  Rage  flow. 
HI. 
The  piteous  River  wept  it  felf  away, 
Long  fence  {alas!)  to  fuch  a  fwift  decay, 
That  reach  the  Map,  and  look 
If  you  a  River  there  can  /pie: 
And,  for  a  River,  your  mock'd  Eye 

Will  find  a  Jhallow  Brooke. 

W.  Davenant. 

;  On  the  Effigies  of  Shakespeare, 

I  prefix'd  to  his  printed  Works. 

THIS  Figure,  that  thou  here  feeft  put, 
It  was  f$r  gentle  Shakcfpcare  cut\ 
Wherein  the  Graver  had  a  Strife 
With  Nature,  to  out-doo  the  Life : 
O,  could  he  but  have  drawne  his  Wit 
As  well  in  Braffe,  as  he  hath  hit 
His  Face-,  the  Print  would  then  furpafje 
All,  that  was  ever  writ  in  Braffe. 
But,  fence  he  cannot,  Reader,  looke 
Not  on  his  Piclure,  but  his  Booke.  B.  J. 


To  the  Memory  of  my  Beloved,  the  Author^ 
Mr.  William  Shakespeare; 

And  What  he  hath  left  us. 

TO  draw  no  Envy  (Shakefpeare)  on  thy  Name5 
Am  I  thus  ample  to  thy  Book,  and  Fame : 
While  I  confefs  thy  Writings  to  be  fuch, 
As  neither  Man,  nor  Mufe,  can  praife  too  much. 
'Tis  true,  and  all  mens  fuffrage.     But  thefe  wayes 
Were  not  the  paths  I  meant  unto  thy  Praife  : 
For  feelieft  Ignorance  on  thefe  may  light, 
Which,  when  it  founds  at  beft,  but  echoes  right ; 
Or  blind  Affection,  which  doth  ne^er  advance 
The  Truth,  but  gropes,  and  urgeth  all  by  chance  -9 
Or  crafty  Malice  might  pretend  this  Praife, 
And  think  to  ruine,  where  it  feentd  to  raife. 
Thefe  are,  as  fome  infamous  Baud,  or  Whore, 
Should  praife  a  Matron.  What  could  hurt  her  more  ? 
But  thou  art  proof  againft  them,  and,   indeed, 
Above  th*  ill  Fortune  of  them,  or  the  Need. 
/  therefore  will  begin.* — ■  Soul  of  the  Age! 
Th*  applaufe  !  delight  !  the  wonder  of  our  Stage  ! 
My  Shakefpeare,  rife  !  I  will  not  lodge  thee  by 
Chaucer,  or  Spenfer,  or  bid  Beaumont  lie 
A  little  further,  to  make  thee  a  room  : 
Thou  art  a  Monument  without  a  Tomb. 
And  art  alive  fill,  while  thy  Book  doth  live, 
And  we  have  Wits  to  read,  and  Praife  to  give. 
That  I  not  mix  thee  fo,  my  brain  excufes  -y 
I  mean  with  great,  but  dif proportion" *d  Mufes : 

e  For 


For  if  I  thought  my  Judgment  'were  of  Tears, 

I  Jhould  commit  thee,  furely,  with  thy  Peers  : 

And  tell  how  far  thou  didft  our  Lilly  out-flrine, 

Or  fporting  Kid,  or  MarlowV  mighty  Line.    * 

And  though  thou  had  ft  [mall  Latin  and  lefs  Greek9 

From  thence  to  honour  thee,  I  would  not  feek 

For  Names ;  but  call  forth  thundering  y£fc  hylus, 

Euripides,  and  Sophocles  to  us, 

Pacuvius,  Accius,  him  of  Cordova  dead* 

To  live  again,  to  hear  thy  Buskin  tread^ 

And  Jhake  a  Stage  :  Or,  when  thy  Socks  were  on, 

Leave  thee  alone  for  the  Comparifon 

Of  all,  that  infolent  Greece,  or  haughty  Rome 

Sent  forth,  or  fince  did  from  their  Afioes  come. 

'Triumph,  my  Britain  !  thou  hafl  one  to  Jhow, 

To  whom  all  Scenes  of  Europe  homage  owe. 

He  wis  not  of  an  Age,  hut  for  all  time  ! 

And  all  the  Mufes  fill  were  in  their  prime, 

When,  like  Apollo,  he  came  forth  to  warm 

Our  Ears,  or  like  a  Mercury  to  charm. 

Nature  her  felf  was  proud  of  his  defignes, 

And  jofd  to  wear  the  drefpng  of  his  Lines  : 

Which  were  fo  richly  fpun,  and  wove  fo  fit, 

As,  fince,  Jhe  will  vouchfafe  no  other  Wit. 

The  merry  Greek,  tart  Ariftophanes, 

Neat  Terence,  witty  Plautus,  now  not  pleafe  ; 

But  antiquated^  and  deferted  lie, 

As  they  were  not  of  Nature's  family. 

Tet  muft  I  not  give  Nature  all :  Thy  Art, 

My  gentle  Shakefpearc,  muft  enjoy  a  part. 

For  though  the  Poet'j  matter  Nature  be, 

His  Art  doth  give  the  Fafhion  :  And,  that  he, 

Wh$ 


Who  cafts  to  write  a  living  Line,  mufi  Jweat, 

(Such  as  thine  are)  and  fir  ike  the  fecond 'Heat 

Upon  the  Mufes  Anvile ;  turn  the  fame, 

( And  himfelf  with  it)  that  he  thinks  to  frame ^ 

Or  for  the  Laurel  he  may  gain  a  Scorn ; 

For  a  good  PoetV  made,  as  well  as  born. 

And  fuch  wert  thou.     Look  how  the  Father's  Face 

Lives  in  his  /flue,  even  fo  the  Race 

Of  ShakefpeareY  Mind  and  Manners  brightly  Jhines 

In  his  well-torned,  and  true -filed  Lines : 

In  each  of  which  he  feems  to  fhake  a  Lance^ 

As  brandijh'd  at  the  Eyes  of  Ignorance. 

Sweet  Swan  of  Avon  !  what  a  fight  it  were 

To  fee  thee  in  our  water  yet  appear , 

And  make  thofe  flights  upon  the  Banks  of  Thames, 

That  fo  did  take  Eliza  and  our  James ! 

But  ftay^  I  fee  thee  in  the  Hem  ifp here 

Advanced,  and  made  a  Conftellation  there! 

Shine  forth ,  thou  S  carre  of  Poets!  and  with  Rage^ 

Or  Influence \  chide \9  or  chear^  the  drooping  Stage: 

Which)  fince  thy  flight  from  hence^  hath  mourrfd  like 

nighty 
And  defpairs  day^  hut  for  thy  Volume'*  light. 

Ben.  Jon  son. 


e  z  The 


$mm%M^a££  ?ss 


ma^£tBf3Ms» 


The  Names  of  the  Subscribers. 


HisROYAL  HIGHNESS,  //^PRINCE 

of  WALES. 

Her  ROYAL    HIGHNESS,  &PRIN- 
CESS    ROYAL. 

A. 

His  Grace  the  Duke  of  Argyle   and    Greenwich, 

Royal  Paper. 
Right  Honourable  the  Marchionefs  of  Annandale. 
Philip  xfynscombe,  Ef%\ 
William  Archer,  Efq-9 
William  Arnold,  Efqy 
Edward  Afh,  Efq\ 
John  Auften,  Efqy 
Robert  Andrews,  Efqy 
Reverend  Mr.  George  Adams. 

B. 
His  Grace  the  Duke  of  Bedford,  Royal  Paper. 
Her  Grace  the  Dut chefs  of  Bedford,  Royal  Paper. 
Pier   Grace   the    Dut  chefs    of    Buckinghamfhire, 

Royal  Paper. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Buchan. 
Honourable  Colonel  Berkley. 
Mr.  Alderman  Barber. 
Thomas  Bladen,  Efqy  Royal  Paper. 
Hawly  Bifhop,  Efy,  Royal  Paper. 
Samuel  Burroughs,  Efqy 
John  Baber,  Efq> 
William  Bedingfield,  Efa-y 
Anthony  B nicer,  Efq\ 
Ballard  Beckford,  Efqy 
Richard  Backwcll,  Effr  Royal  Paper. 

Ed  w  aril 


Subscribers  Names, 

Edward  Beacon,  Efq-y 
Jofiah  Bullock,  Efq, 
Thomas  Bambridge,  Efqy 
David  Balfour,  Efqy 
*  Barton  Booth,   Efq-9 
Thomas  Brereton,  Efq*, 
Thomas  Breton,  Efq; 
Edward  Brudenell,  Efqy 
Onflow  Burrifh,  Efq; 
Edward  Borrett,  Efq; 
William  Benfon,  Efqy 
John  Bright,  Efqy 
William  Burton,  Efqy 
George  Bagnal,  Efq; 

I  John  Bridges,  Efqy 
John  Brinlden,  Efq; 
John  David  Barbutt,  Efq; 
Stamp  Brooksbank,  Efqy 
Reverend  Richard  Bentley,  D.  D. 
Reverend  Thomas  Baker,  D.  D. 
Reverend  John  Butler,  M.  A. 
Reverend  Mr,  Breefe. 
Reverend  Mr.  Bradfhaw. 
Reverend  Mr.  Bull. 
Reverend  James  Bennett,  M.  A. 
Reverend  Mr.  William  Burchett. 
Reverend  Richard  Bentley,  M.  A. 
Reverend  Mr.  William  Blomberg, 
Thomas  Bentley,  M.  D. 
Mr.  Browne. 
Mr.  William  Bentley. 
Mr.  Samuel  Bever. 
Mr.  Edward  Barnard. 
Mr.  John  Botham. 
Mr.  John  Bullock. 
Mr. William  Blizard. 
Mr.  Philip  Brown. 
Mr.  Brindley,  i  Royal  Paper. 
Ditto ,  if  Sets  of  Demy. 

e  }  Mrs, 


Subscribers    Names. 

Mrs.  Deborah  Bowdler. 
Mrs.  Bullock. 
Mrs.  Butler. 

C. 

His  Grace  the  Duke  of  Chandos,  4  Sets  of  Royal 

Paper. 
*  Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Cholmondley. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Cholmondley,  Royal  Paper. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Cardigan. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  Cowper. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Crawfurd,  Royal  Paper. 
Sir  Hugh  Clopton,  Knt.  Royal  Paper. 
Honourable  Brigadier  General  Churchill. 
Honourable  George  Compton,  Efq-3  Royal  Paper. 
Honourable  Caecilius  Calvert,  Ejq; 
Honourable  Edward  Coke,  Efq^ 
Edward  Collingwood,  Efqy  Royal  Paper. 
William  Chetwynd,  Efqy 
Thomas  Coxeter,  Efq, 
Salisbury  Cade,  Efqy 
Thomas  Clutterbuck,  Efq7 
Aunfham  Churchill,  Efq, 
Henry  Coltman,  jun.  Efq', 
John  Cooke,  Efq, 
Matthew  Concanen,  Efq; 
William  Curzon,  Efq3  Royal  Paper. 
John  Collins,  Efq, 
Richard  Crowle,  Efq, 
Francis  Carr  Clerk,  Efq, 
Henry  Carr,  Efq, 
Henry  Crifpe,  Efq, 
Doughall  Cuthbert,  Efq, 
Charles  Chauncy,    Efq-,  Royal  Paper. 

Ditto,  one  Set  of  Demy. 
Colly  Cibber,  Efq, 
Thomas  Coke,   Ejq, 
Reverend  John  Craifter,  D.  D. 
Reverend  Mr.  Edward  Combe. 
Reverend  Air.  Charles  Canon,  two  Sets. 

William 


Subscribers   Names. 

William  George  Coe,  M.  D. 
Mr.  John  Curryer,  Royal  Paper. 
Mr.  Theophilus  Cibber. 
Mr.  George  Charlton. 
Mr.  John  Coppendal. 

*  Mr.  John  Cooper. 
Mr.  Richard  Crofc. 
Mr.  Thomas  Crawford. 

Mr.  Charles  Corbett,  four  Sets  of  Demy. 
Mrs.  Cornewrfi. 

D. 
His  Grace  the  Duke  of  Dorfet,   Royal  Paper. 
Her  Grace  the  Dutchefs  of  Dorfec,  Royal  Paper. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Dyfart,  Royal  Paper. 
Right  Honourable  Charlotte  Lady  De    la   Warr, 

z  Sets. 
Right  Honourable  George  Dodington,  EJq\  Royal 

Paper. 
Charles  Dclafay,  Efqy 
John  Davis,  Efy% 
Peter  Daval,  Efa-y 
Thomas  Dafhwood,  Efq, 
Alexander  Davy,  Efq> 
Henry  Donfton,  Efq9 
John  Duncombe,  Efq, 
"\yilliam  Duncombe,  Efq; 

*  Reverend  John  Davies,  D.  D. 
Reverend  Samuel  Dunfter,  D.  D. 
Reverend  Mr.  John  Dry,  Royal  Paper. 
Reverend  Mr.  Darell,  L.L.  B. 

Mr.  Daye. 

Mr.  Dennis  Delane. 

Mr.  Robert  Dyer. 

Mr.  Charles  Davis,  two  Sets. 

E. 
Honourable  Richard  Edgcumbe,  Efa-}  Royal  Paper. 
Sir  Lawrence  Efmonde,  Bart. 
Francis  Eyles,  Efqy 
Robert  Eyre,  £/jj 

e  4  Mr. 


Subscribers    N  am  e  s. 

Mr.  Nathaniel  Edwards. 
Mrs.  Catherine  Edwin. 

F. 

Right  Honourable  Lady  Ifabella  Finch. 
Sir  Cordell  Firebrace,  Bart.  Royal  Paper. 
Martin  Folkes,  Efqi  Royal  Paper. 
Mrs.  Lucretia  Folke?,  Royal  Paper. 
William  Folkes,  Efq; 

*  John  Friend,  M.  D.  Royal  Paper. 
William  Fitch,  Efq\ 
Gawntlett  Fry,  Efq\ 

Edward  Fcnwick,  Efq;  Royal  Paper. 

William  Finch,  Efq\ 

Philip  Frowde,   Efq\ 

Robert  Franfham,  E[q; 

George  Fielding,  Efq\ 

Henry  Fielding,  Efp 

Richard  Fydel,  E'fo 

Mr.  Thomas  Fortefcue. 

Mr.  Tim.  Fielding. 

G. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  0/Godolphin,  Royal  Paper, 

Ditto,  2.  Sets  of  Demy. 
Right  Honourable  Lord  Vifcount  Gage. 
Right  Honourable  Lady  Elizabeth  Germaine,  Royal 

Paper. 
Right  Honourable  Lady  Mary  Godolphin. 
Sir  James  Gray,  Bart. 
Colonel  Guile,  Royal  Paper. 
William  Gore,  Efq\  Royal  Paper. 

Ditto,  a  Set  of  Demy. 
Thomas  Gore,  Efq-9  Royal  Paper. 

*  Robert  Gelilhorpe,  Efq-, 

*  Barnham  Goode,  Efq-y 
Alexander  Gouid,  Efq\ 
William  Greaves,  Efq9 
Jof.  Gafcoigne,  Efq, 
King  Gould,  Efq\ 

William 


Subscribers   Names. 

William  Genew,  Efq\ 

William  Goflelin,  Efq-, 

Edward  Gee,  Efq; 

John  Grubb,  Efq; 

Reverend  William  George,  D.  D. 

Reverend  Henry  Gaily,  P.  D. 

Mr.  Galliard. 

Mr.  Gouge. 

Mr.  Francis  Goode. 

Mr.  Henry  Giffard. 

Mr.  Jofhua  Geekie. 

Mr.  Alexander  Gordon. 

Mr.  Benjamin  Griffin. 

H. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Halifax,  Royal  Paper, 
Right  Honourable  the  Lady  Harold. 
Anthony  Henley,  Efq\  Royal  Paper. 
Robert  Henley,  Efq\ 
John  Highmore,  Efq%  Royal  Paper. 
Jofeph  Hall,  E[q\  Royal  Paper. 
James  Herbert,  Efq\  Royal  Paper. 
John  Hedges,  Efq\ 
Philip  Hubert,  Efq; 
Michael  Hubert,  Efq; . 
David  Hechftetter,  Efq;  12  Sets. 
Edward  Haiftwell,  Efq;  two  Sets. 
*  Nicholas  Hardinge,  Efq; 
Jeffery  Hetherington,  Efq-, 

Thomas  Hall,  Efq; 

Marcus  Hill,  Efq; 

Hill,  Efq; 

William  Hamilton,  Efq; 

William  Hucks,  Efq-, 

Lucius  Henry  Hibbins,  Efq; 

Edward  Hofier,  Efq-, 

Jacob  Houblon,  Efq-y 

Philip  Harcourt,  Efq-, 

John  Hyde,  Efq-, 

Abraham  Hall,  M,  D. 

Benjamin 


Subscribers   Names. 

Benjamin  Hoadley,  M.  D. 

Reverend  Francis  Hooper,  D.  D. 

Reverend  Mr.  William  Hetherington. 

Reverend  Mr.  Harrifon. 

Reverend  Mr.  Hiley. 

Reverend  Mr.  Henry  Holme,  B>  D. 

Mr.  William  Hanwell. 

Mr.  Thomas  Hayward. 

Mr.  Hogarth. 

Mr.  Daniel  Hunt. 

Mr.  Thomas  Humphrey. 

Mrs.  Harris. 

Mrs.  Hewer. 

Mrs.  Mary  Heron,  Royal  Paper. 

Mrs.  Mary  Hallet. 

I. 
John  Jolliffe,  Efts  Royal  Paper. 
Charles  Jennings,  Eft-,  2.  Sets. 
Thomas  Jordan,  Eft\ 
Benedid  Ithell,  Efts 
Mr.  Richard  Jenner. 
Jefus  College  Library,  Cambridge. 
Mrs.  Mary  Jackfon,  Royal  Paper. 

K. 
Sir  Henry  Hoo  Keate,  Bart.  Royal  Paper* 
Richard  King,  Efts 
Hugh  Kennedy,  Efa\ 
John  Kempe,  Efts 
Reverend  William  Keate,  L.  L.  D* 
Mr.  Pendarves  Kekewich. 
Mr.  Thomas  Knight. 
Mrs.  Kilby,  Royal  Paper. 
Mrs.  King. 

L. 
Her  Grace  Juliana  Dut  chefs  0/ Leeds. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Loudon. 
Right  Honourable  the  Lady  Lewilham. 
Honourable  Mrs.  Jane  Lowther. 

John 

3 


Subscribers  Names. 

John  Lloyd,  Efq;  Royal  Paper. 

Robert  Lowther,  Efq\ 

Richard  Lockwoo J,  Efq. 

Edmund  Lechmere,  Efq; 

Darcy  Leaver,  Efq; 

Philip  Lloyd,  Efq; 

Percival  Lewis,  Efq*, 

Reverend  Robert  I  ambert,  D.  D. 

Reverend  Mr.  William  Lucas. 

Reverend  Mr.  Thomas  Lewis,  14  Sets. 

Nicholas  Lambert,  L.  L.  D. 

Mr.  William  Luke. 

Mr.  James  Latouche. 

Mr.  George  Lambert. 

Mr.  John  Locke. 

Mr.  Edward  Liffight. 

Mr.  James  Leake. 

M. 
His  Grac&,  the  Duke  of  Marlborough,  Royal  Paper. 
#  Her  Grace,  Hemietta  Dut chefs  of  Marlborough , 

Royal  Paper. 
Her  Grace  the  Dutchefs  of  Montagu,  Royal  Paper. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Macclesfield. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Marchmont. 
Right  Honourable  Lord  Muskerry,  Royal  Paper. 
Right  Honourable  Lord  Morpeth. 
Right  Honourable  Lady  Mary  Wortley  Mountague. 
Major  Maitland. 

Littleton  Pointz  Maynel,  Efq;  Royal  Paper. 
William  Mohun,  Efq;  Royal  Paper. 
Philip  Middleton,  Efq; 
John  Merril,  fun.  Efq; 
John  Manley,  Efif; 
George  Mafon,  Efq; 
George  Mafon  of  Eaton,  Efq; 
John  Mafon,  Efq; 
Thomas  Mafon,  Efq; 
William  Mountague,  Efq; 

*  Thomas 


Subscribers  Names, 

#  Thomas  Milner,  Efqy 
Charles  Martin,  Efq-y 
Thomas  Moore,   Efq, 
George  Metcalfe,  jun.  Efqy 
Richard  Mead,  M.  D.  Royal  Paper. 
Mr.  Mills. 

Mr.  Milward. 

N. 
Right  Honourable  Sir  Michael  Newton,  Knight  of 

the  Bath. 
Charles  Newton,  Efq; 
James  Nai/h,  Efqy 

O. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Oxford  and  Earl-  Mor- 
timer, Royal  Paper. 

#  Right  Honourable  Charles  Earl  of  Orrery. 
Right  Honourable  John  Earl   of  Orrery,    Royal 

Paper. 

#  Right  Honourable  the  Qountefs  of  Orrery,  Royal 
Paper. 

Right  Honourable  the  Lord  Onflow. 
Right  Honourable  Arthur  Onflow,    Efq\   Speaker 
to  the  Honourable  Houfe  of  Commons ^  Royal  Paper. 
John  Oglander,  Efq; 

P. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Pembroke,  Royal  Paper. 
Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Portmore,  Royal  Paper, 
Right  Honourable  Lord  Paifley. 
Sir  Henry  Parker,  Bart.  Royal  Paper. 
Charles  Poultney,  Efq-, 
William  Pownal,  Efq-, 
Aldred  Popple,  Efqy 
William  Popple,  Efq; 
Henry  Popple,  Efq; 
Frederick  Pigou,  Efq; 
Prefcott  Pepper,  Efq; 
Simon  Patrick,  Efq; 
Ferdinando  John  Paris,  Efq; 

#  Colonel 


Subscribers  Names. 

*  Colonel  Pettit. 

Reverend  Ralph  Perkins,  L.  L.  D. 

Reverend  Mr.  Robert  Pearfe. 

Reverend  Mr.  Perronett. 

Dr.  Pepufch. 

Mr.  Benjamin  Procter,  Royal  Paper. 

Mr.  Edward  Pullen. 

Mr.  John  Pott. 

Mrs.  Elizabeth  Pearfon. 

Mrs.  Perris. 

a 

His  Grace  the  Duke  of  Queensberry  and  Dover, 
Royal  Paper. 

Mr.  James  Quin. 

R. 

His  Grace  the  Duke  of  Rutland,  Royal  Paper. 

Her  Grace ,  the  Dut chefs  of  Richmond  and  Lenox, 
Royal  Paper. 

Right  Honourable  Earl   of  Rockingham,    Royal 
Paper. 

The  Honourable  Mrs.  Mary  Read. 

Metcalfe  Robinfon,  Efq% 

John  Raymond,  Efq\ 

John  Rich,  Efq\ 

John  Rous,  Efq\ 

John  Richards,  Efq: 

Langham  Rokcby,  Efq*f 

Reverend  William  Reading,  M.  A.  for  Sion  Col- 
lege Library. 

Reverend  Mr.  Charles  Reynolds. 

Mr.  Ryan. 

Mr.  William  Richardfon,  Royal  Paper. 

Mr.  Samuel  Richardfon. 

S. 

His  Grace  the  Duke  of  Somerfet,  Royal  Paper. 

Right  Honourable  Earl  0/Strathmore,  Royal  Paper. 

Right  Honourable  Earl  of  Stair. 

Right  Honourable  Judith,  Countefs  of  Sunderland. 

Honoura" 


Subscribers  Names. 

Honourable  John  Spencer,  Efq\  Royal  Paper. 
Sir  Hans  Sloane,  Bart.  M.  D. 
Sir  John  Shaw,  Bart. 

*  Sir  Philip  Sydenham,  Bart. 
Sir  Robert  Smyth,  Bart. 
Sir  Thomas  Stevens,  Knt. 

#  Sir  Richard  Steele,  Knt. 
John  Selwyn,  Efq,  Royal  Paper. 
Clement  Samfon,  Efq-,  Royal  Paper. 
James  S  my  the,  Efq-, 

Humphry  Smith,  Efq\ 

Simon  Smith,  Efq; 

William  Spincks,  Efq\ 

Lewis  Scawen,  Efq> 

John  Scott,  Efq; 

Robert  Spearman,  Efq-, 

George  Swift,  Efq; 

Reverend  Mr.  William  Sedgwick. 

Mr.  Henry  Sheaf. 

Mr.  Vyner  Smalle. 

Mr.  George  Sherwood. 

Mr.  Arthur  Stone, 

Mr.  Stede. 

Mr.  Henry  Smart. 

Mrs.  Stanley. 

Mrs.  Anne  Simons,  Royal  Paper. 

Mrs.  Sheppard. 

T. 

Hoe  Right  Honourable  Charles  Lord  Talbot,  Baron 
of  Henfol,  Lord  High  Chancellor  of  Great  Bri- 
tain, Royal  Paper. 

Right  Honourable  Marquifs  of  Tweedale. 

Right  Honourable  John  Earl  of  Tyrconnel. 

Honourable  William  Talbot,  Efq-,  Royal  Paper. 

Honourable  Henry  Talbot,  Efq;  Royal  Paper. 

Honourable  Roger  Townfhend,  Efq; 

Honourable  Thomas  Townihendj  Efq;  Royal  Paper. 

Honourable  John  Trevor, .  Efq *, 

Robert 


Subscribers  Names. 

Robert  Trefufis,  Efq\  Royal  Paper. 

Chriftopher  Tilfon,  Efq\ 

George  Tilfon,  Efq\ 

William  Taylor,  Efq\ 

John  Tracey,  Efq-9 

James  Thompfon,  Efq-, 

James  Theobald,  Efq\ 

John  Turner,  Efq\ 

Edward  Tumour,  Efq% 

John  Tempeft,  Efq\ 

Edward  Tufnell,  Efqy 

Thomas  Thurfton,  Efq\ 

John  Thornhill,  Efa 

Styan  Thirlby,  L.L.D.  Royal  Paper. 

John  Theobald,  M.  D. 

Robert  Taylor,  M.  B.  Royal  Paper. 

Reverend  Mr.  Tomlinfon, 

John  Taylor,  M.  A. 

Mr.  Robert  Thomas. 

V. 

Honourable  John  Verney,  Efq\ 

Arthur  Vanfittart,  Efq-,  Royal  Paper. 

John  Upton,  Efq; 

Mr.  William  Venables. 

Mrs.  Vincent. 

W. 

Right  Honourable  Sir  Robert  Walpole,  6  Sets  of 
Royal  Paper. 

Right  Honourable  Lord  Walpole,  Royal  Paper. 

Right  Honourable  Lady  Walpole. 

Right  Honourable  Lord  Willoughby  de  Broke. 

Honourable  Monfieur  de  Wind,  Royal  Paper. 

Honourable   Edward    Walpole,    Efq;    z   Sets   of 

Royal  Paper. 
Sir  Thomas  Webfter,  Bart. 

John  Webbe,  Efq;  Royal  Paper. 

*  Mr.  Serjeant  Whitaker. 

*  Edward  Whitaker,  Efq; 

Lucy 


Subscribers  Names. 

Lucy  Wefton,  Efa  Royal  Paper. 

James  Wallis,  Efq-, 

Daniel  Wray,  Efo 

Chriftopher  Wyvill,  Efo 

John  Wightwick,  Efa 

*  Robert  Wilks,  Efo 

John  Wells,  Eft-, 

Edward  Wefton,  Efq; 

Peter  Wyche,  Efe 

Edward  Weld,  Efp 

Reverend  Mr.  William  Warburton,  Royal  Paper. 

Ditto,  i  Set  of  Demy. 
Reverend  Samuel  Wefley,  M.  A. 
Reverend  Mr.  Ward. 
Benjamin  Woodward,  M.  A. 
Mr.  Wood,  Royal  Paper. 
Mr.  Stephen  Whatley. 
Mr.  Walker. 

Mrs.  Wiimot,  Royal  Paper. 
Mrs.  Warneford,  Royal  Paper. 

Y. 
Right  Honourable  Sir  William  Yonge,  Bart,  and 

Knight  of  the  Bath,  Royal  Paper. 
Reverend  Edward  Young,  L.  L.  D. 
*  Bartholomew  Young,  M.  A. 


THE 


THE 


TEMPEST 


Vol.  I. 


Dramatis  Perfonse. 

A  L  O  N  S  O,  King  of  Naples. 

Sebaftian*  his  Brother. 

Profpero,  the  right  Duke  of  Milan. 

Anthonio,  his  Brother,  the  ufurping  Duke  of  Milan, 

Ferdinand,  Son  to  the  King  of  Naples. 

Gonzalo,  an  honeft  old  Counsellor  of  Naples. 

Adrian,     7 

t-,        t      r  Lords. 
Franciico,  3 

Caliban,  a  Salvage,  and  deformed  Slave. 

Trinculo,  a  Jefier. 

Stephano,  a  drunken  Butler. 

Mafter  of  a  Ship,  Boat/wain,  and  Mariners* 

Miranda,  Daughter  to  Profpero. 

Ariel,  an  aiery  Spirit. 

Iris, 

Ceres, 

Juno,      \Spirits,  employ' d  in  the  Mafquc. 

Nymphs, 

Reapers, 

Other  Spirits,  attending  on  Profpero. 
SCENE,  an  uninhabited  JJland. 


THE 


&M^y 


T  E 


THE 


PEST. 


ACT     L 

SCENE,  On  a  Ship  at  Sea. 


A  tempejluous  noife  of  thunder  and  lightning  heard  z 
Enter  a  Ship-majfe'r9  and  a  Boat/wain. 


Master. 


Oatfwain,  - 


Boatf.  Here,  Mailer :  what  cheer  ? 

Maft.  Good,  fpeak  to  th'  mariners:  fall 
to't  yarely,.  or  we  run  our  felves  a-ground^ 
beflir,  beflir.  fcExift 

Enter  Mariners. 

Boatf.  Hey,  my  hearts  5  cheerly,  my  hearts ;  yare^" 
yarej  take  in  the  top-fail  5  tend  to  th'  mailer's  whittle  * 
blow,  'till  thou  burft  thy  wind,  if  room  enough. 

Enter  Alonfo,  Sebaflian,  Antonio,  Ferdinand,  Gonzalo," 

and  others. 

Alon.  Good  Boatfwain,  have  care :  where's  the  ma- 
iler ?  play  the  men. 

6  6 


4  ^TEMPEST. 

Boatf.  I  pray  now,  keep  below. 

Ant.  Where  is  the  mafter,  boatfwain? 

Boatf.  Do  you  not  hear  him  ?  you  mar  our  labour  5 
keep  your  cabins  \  you  do  affift  the  florin. 

Gonz.  Nay,  good,  be  patient. 

Boatf.  When  the  fea  is.  Hence — what  care  thefe 
Roarers  for  the  name  of  King  ?  to  cabin  >  filence  5 
trouble  us  not. 

Gonz.  Good,  yet  remember  whom  thou  haft  aboard. 

Boatf.  None,  that  I  more  love  than  my  felf.  You 
are  a  counfelior  j  if  you  can  command  thefe  elements 
to  filence,  and  work  the  peace  o'the  (1)  prefent,  we  will 
not  hand  a  rope  more  3  ufe  your  authority.  If  you 
cannot,  give  thanks  you  have  liv'd  fo  long,  and  make 
your  felf  ready  in  your  cabin  for  the  mifchance  of  the 
hour,  if  it  fo  hap.  Cheerly,  good  hearts:  out  of  our 
way,  I  fay.  {Exit. 

Gonz.  I  have  great  comfort  from  this  fellow  >  me- 
thinks,  he  hath  no  drowning  mark  upon  him  5  his  com- 
plexion is  perfecT:  gallows.  Stand  faft,  good  fate,  to 
his  hanging  j  make  the  rope  of  his  deftiny  our  cable, 
for  our  own  doth  little  advantage  :  if  he  be  not  born  to 
be  hang'd,  our  cafe  is  miferable.  [Exeunt. 

Re-enter  Boatfwain. 

Boatf  Down  with  the  top-maft :  yare,  lower,  lower  j 
bring  her  to  try  with  main-courfe.  A  plague  upon 
this  howling !  ~ 

Aery  zvithin.  Re-enter  Sebaftian, Anthonio,  and  Gonzalo. 

they  are  louder  than  the  weather,  or  our  office.  Yet 
again?  what  do  you  here?  fhall  we  g^ve  o'er,  and 
drown?  have  you  a  mind  to  fink?  | 

Sebaf.  A  pox  o'  your  throat,  you  bawling,  blafphe- 
mous,  uncharitable  dog.  ,  ; 

Boatf.  Work  you  then. 

Ant.  Hang,  cur,  hang  5  you  whorefon,  infolent,  noife- 
maker>  we  are  lefs  afraid  tobedrown'd,  than  thou  art. 

(1)  i.  e.  on  die  prefent,  at  this  Inflant. 

Gonz, 


^TEMPEST.  5 

Gonz.  I'll  warrant  him  from  drowning,  tho'  the  ftiip 
were  no  ftronger  than  a  nut-fhell,  and  as  leaky  as  an 
unftanch'd  wench. 

Boat/.  Lay  her  a-hold,  a-hold  5  fet  her  two  courfes 
off  to  fea  again,  lay  her  off. 

Enter  Mariners  wet. 

Mar.  All  loft!  to  prayers,  to  prayers!  all  loft !  [Exe. 

Boatf  What,  muft  our  Mouths  be  cold  ? 

Gonz.  The  King  and  Prince  at  pray'rs !  let  us  aflift 
'em. 
For  our  cafe  is  as  theirs. 

Seb.  Pm  out  of  patience. 

Ant.  We're  meerly  cheated  of  our  lives  by  drunkards. 

This  wide-chopt  rafcal would,  thou  might'ft  lye 

drowning, 
The  waftiing  often  tides! 

Gonz.  He'll  be  hang'd  yet, 
Though  every  drop  of  water  fwear  againft  it, 
And  gape  at  wid'ft  to  glut  him. 
A  confufed  noife  within. ~\     Mercy  on  us  ! 
Wefplit,  wefplit!  Farewel,  my  Wife  and  Children  ! 
Brother,  farewel !  we  fplit,  we  fplit,  we  fplit ! 

Ant.  Let's  all  fink  with  the  King.  [Exit. 

Seb.  Let's  take  leave  of  him.  [Exit. 

Gonz.  Now  would  I  give  a  thoufand  furlongs  or. 
fea  for  an  acre  of  barren  ground  -,  long  heath,  brown 

furze,  any  thing  -> the  wills  above  be  done,  but  I 

would  fain  die  a  dry  death  !  [Exit. 

SCENE  changes  to  a  Part  of  the  Enchanted  Ijland, 
near  the  Cell  of  Profpero. 

Enter  Profpero  and  Miranda. 

Mira.  T  F  by  your  art  (my  deareft  father)  you  have 

JL  Put  the  wild  Waters  in  this  roar,  allay  thenK 
The  sky,  it  feems,  would  pour  down  ftinking  pitch, 
But  that  the  fea,  mounting  to  th5  welkin's  cheek, 
Dafhes  the  fire  out.  O !  I  have  fuffer'd 

B  3  With 


6  The   T  E  M  P  E  S  T, 

With  thofe  that  I  faw  fufFer :  a  brave  veflel 
(Who  had,  no  doubt,  fome  noble  creatures  in  her) 
Daih'd  all  to  pieces.    O!  the  cry  did  knock 
Againft  my  very  heart :  poor  fouls,  they  perifh'd ! 
Had  I  been  any  God  of  Pow'r,  I  would 
Have  funk  the  fea  within  the  earth  >  or  ere 
It  Utould  the  good  fhip  fo  have  fwallow'd,  and 
The  fraighting  fouls  within  her. 

Pro.  Be  collected  $ 
No  more  amazement  -y  tell  your  piteous  hearts 
There's  no  harm  done.  ■   \ 

Mir  a.  O  wo  the  day  ! 

Pro.  No  harm, 
I  have  done  nothing  but  in  care  of  thee, 
(Of  thee  my  dear  one,  thee  my  daughter)  who 
Art  ignorant  of  what  thou  art,   nought  knowing 
Of  whence  I  am  $  nor  that  I  am  more  better    (1); 
Than  Profpero,  mailer  of  a  full-poor  cell,  (3) 
And  thy  no  greater  father. 

Mir  a.  More  to  know 
Did  never  meddle  with  my  thoughts. 

Pro.  'Tis  time, 
I  mould  inform  thee  farther.    Lend  thy  hand, 
And  pluck  my  magick  garment  from  me :  fo ! 

[_Lays  down  his  mantle. 
Lye  there  my  Art.  Wipe  thou  thine  eyes,  have  comfort; 
The  direful  fpe&acle  of  the  wrack,  which  touch'd 
The  very  virtue  of  compaflion  in  thee, 
I  have  with'  fuch  provifion  in  mine  art  [4] 

So 

(2)  I  am  more  better, ,]  This  is  the  genuine  Reading,  which  the  lafl 
Editor  has  fo'pnifticated  ;  not  obferving,  I  fuppofe,  iiow  frequent  it  is  with 
Shakefpeare,  and  the  other  Waiters  of  that  Age,  to  add  the  Termination 
to  Adjectives  of  the  comparative  and  fuperlati-ve  Degrees,  and  at  the 
fame  time  prefix  the  Signs  mowing  the  Degrees. 

(3)  full  poor  Cell,']  Thefe  two  Adjectives  without  a  Hyphen,  and  taking 
the  firft  adverbially,  make  ftark  Nonfenfe  ;  hut  full-poor  is  what  the  La- 
tines  ufed  to  exprefs  by  perpauper,  ferexiguus.  '  The  French  like  wife 
have  a  iimilar  Form  of  Expreihon ;  fort-pau-vre,  fort-debile,  fort-ma- 
lade,  &c. 

(4.)  Provifion  in  mine  Art!]  This  is  the  Reading  of  the  \&foL  Editi- 
on, which  I  have  therefore  reltored.     The  word  Compajjion  took  place 

after* 


The   TEMPEST.  7 

So  fafely  order'd,  that  there  is  no  foyle,  (f ) 

No  not  fo  much  perdition  as  an  hair, 

Betid  to  any  creature  in  the  veffel 

Which  thou  heard'ft  cry,   which  thou  faw'ft  fink:  fit 

down. 
For  thou  muft  now  know  farther. 

Mira.  You  have  often 
Begun  to  tell  me  what  I  am,  but  ftopt, 
And  left  me  to  a  bootlefs  inquifition$ 
Concluding,  Stay;  not  yet. — 

Pro.  The  hour's  now  come, 
The  very  minute  bids  thee  ope  thine  ear  * 
Obey,  and  be  attentive.    Canft  thou  remember 
A  time,  before  we  came  unto  this  cell? 
I  do  not  think,  thou  canft }  for  then  thou  waft  not 
Out  three  years  old.    (6) 

Mira.  Certainly,  Sir,  I  can. 

Pro.  By  what?  by  any  other  houfe,  or  perfon? 
Of  any  thing  the  image  tell  me,  that 
jHath  kept  in  thy  remembrance. 

Mira.  'Tis  far  oft} 
And  rather  like  a  dream,  than  an  aflurance 
That  my  remembrance  warrants.    Had  I  not 
Four,  or  five,  women  once,  that  tended  me  ? 

afterwards,  I  prefume,  from  the  miflake  of  the  Printers,  who  threw  their 
Eyes  twice  inadvertently  on  the  preceding  Line,  where  this  Word  is,  and 
fo  happen' d  to  fubftitute  it. 

(0  is  no  Foyle,]  /.  e.   no  Damage,  Lofs,  Detriment.     The  two  old 

Folio's  read, is  no  Soul:  which  will  not  agree  in  Grammar  with  the 

following  Part  of  the  Sentence.  Mr.  Ro<we  firft  fubftituted  —  no  Soul  loft , 
which  does  not  much  mend  the  Matter,  taking  the  Context  together. 
Foyle  is  a  Word  familiar  with  our  Poet,  and  in  fome  Degree  fynonomous 
to  Perdition  in  the  next  Line.  So  in  the  Beginning  of  the  third  Aft  of 
this  Play, 

■  But  fome  DefeSi  in  her 

Did  quarrel  nvith  the  nobleft  Grace  Jhe  onjSdt 

And  -put  it  to  the  foil, 
i.  e.  abated,  undid  it. 

(6)  out  three  years  old."]  This  is  the  old  Reading  :  'tis  true,  the  Ex- 
pefhon  is  obfolete,  but  it  fupply'd  the  Senfe  of,  full  out,  out-right,  or 
right-out,  as  in  the  fourth  Act  of  this  Play; 

Snvears,  he  nxjillfhoot  no  more,  hut  play  with  Sparrows* 

<$nd  be  a  boy  right-out. 

B  4  Pro. 


8  The   T  E  M  P  E  S  T. 

Pro.  Thou  hadft,  and  more,  Miranda:  but  how  is  it, 
That  this  lives  in  thy  mind  ?  what  feeft  thou  elfe 
In  the  dark  back- ward  and  aby  fme  of  time  ? 
If  thou  remember'ft  ought,  ere  thou  cam'ft  here  j 
How  thou  cam'ft  here,  thou  may'ft. 

Mira.  But  that  I  do  not. 

Pro.  *Tis  twelve  years  fince,  Miranda;  twelve  years 
fince, 
Thy  father  was  the  Duke  of  Milan^  and 
A  Prince  of  Pow'r. 

Mira.  Sir,  are  not  you  my  father  ? 

Pro.  Thy  mother  was  a  piece  of  virtue,  and 
She  faid,  thou  waft  my  daughter;  and  thy  father 
Was  Duke  of  Milan^  and  his  only  heir 
A  Princefs,  no  worfe  iflu'd, 

Mira.  O  the  heav'ns! 
What  foul  play  had  we,  that  we  came  from  thence  ? 
Or  blefTed  was't,  we  did  ? 

i  Pro.  Both,  both,  my  girl : 
By  foul  play  (as  thoufay'ft)  were  we  heav'd  thence  $ 
But  blefledly  help'd  hither. 

Mira.  O,  my  heart  bleeds 
To  think  o'th'  teene  that  I  have  turn'd  you  to, 
Which  is  from  my  remembrance.   Pleafe  you,  farther. 

Pro.  My  brother,  and  thy  uncle,  call'd  Anthonio  — 
I  pray  thee,  mark  me  5  — ■  (that  a  brother  fhould 
Be  fo  perfidious !)  he  whom  next  thy  felf 
Of  all  the  world  I  lov'd,  and  to  him  put 
The  manage  of  my  ftate  $  (as,  at  that  time, 
Through  all  the  fignories  it  was  the  firft  j 
And  Profpero  the  prime  Duke,  being  fo  reputed 
In  dignity ;  and  for  the  liberal  arts, 
Without  a  parallel  $  thofe  being  all  my  ftudy :) 
The  government  I  call  upon  my  brother, 
And  to  my  ftate  grew  ftranger  $  being  tranfported, 
And  rapt  in  fecret  ftudies.   Thy  falfe  uncle—— 
(Doft  thou  attend  me?) 

Mira.  Sir,  moft  needfully. 

Pro.  Being  once  perfected  how  to  grant  fuits, 
How  to  deny  them>  whom  t'advance,  and  whom 

To 


The   TEMPEST.  9 

To  trafh  for  over- topping  $  new  created 

The  creatures,  that  were  mine>  I  fay,  or  chang'd  'em, 

Or  elfe  new  form'd  'em  j  having  both  the  key 

Of  officer  and  office,  fet  all  hearts  i'th'  ftate 

To  what  tune  pleas'd  his  ear  $  that  now  he  was 

The  ivy,  which  had  hid  my  princely  trunk, 

And  fuckt  my  verdure  out  on't. —  Thou  at  tend' ft  not. 

Mira.  Good  Sir,  I  do. 

Pro.  I  pray  thee,  mark  me  then. 
I  thus  negle&ing  worldly  ends,  all  dedicated 
To  clofenefs,  and  the  bettering  of  my  mind, 
With  that  which,  but  by  being  fo  retired, 
O'er-priz'd  all  popular  rate,  in  my  falfe  brother 
Awak'd  an  evil  nature  5  and  my  truft, 
Like  a  good  parent,  did  beget  of  him 
A  falfliood  in  its  contrary,  as  great 
As  my  trufi  was  j  which  had,  indeed,  no  limit, 
A  confidence  fans  bound.     He  being  thus  lorded> 
Not  only  with  what  my  revenue  yielded, 
But  what  my  power  might  elfe  exa<5b$  like  one, 
Who  having  into  truth,  by  telling  of  it, 
Made  fuch  a  finner  of  his  memory, 
To  credit  his  own  lie,  he  did  believe 
He  was,  indeed,  the  Duke  j  from  fubftitution, 
And  executing  th'  outward  face  of  royalty, 
With  all  prerogative.  Hence  his  ambition  growing  — 
Doft  thou  hear? 

Mira.  Your  tale,  Sir,  would  cure  deafnefs. 

Pro.  To  have  no  fcreen  between  this  part  he  plaid, 
And  him  he  plaid  it  for,  he  needs  will  be 
Abfolute  Milan.     Me,  poor  man!  —  my  library 
Was  Dukedom  large  enough  j  of  temporal  royalties 
He  thinks  me  now  incapable  :  confederates 
(So  dry  he  was  for  fway)  wi1  th'  King  of  Naples 
To  give  him  annual  tribute,  do  him  homage 5 
Subjeft  his  coronet  to  his  crown  5  and  bend 
The  Dukedom,  yetunbow'd,  (alas,  poor  Milan!) 
To  moft  ignoble  ftooping, 
Mira.  Otheheav'ns! 

Pro. 


io  The    T  E  M  P  E  S  T. 

Pro.  Mark  his  condition,  and  th' event  5  then  tell  me, 
If  this  might  be  a  Brother  ? 

Mira.  I  fhould  fin,  (7) 
To  think  but  nobly  of  my  grand-mother  $ 
Good  wombs  have  bore  bad  fons.  (8) 

Pro.  Now  the  condition  : 
This  King  of  Naples,  being  an  enemy 
To  me  inveterate,  hearks  my  brother's  fuitj 
Which  was,  that  he  in  lieu  o'th'  premifes, 
Of  homage,  and  I  know  not  how  much  tribute, 
Should  prefently  extirpate  me  and  mine 
Out  of  the  Dukedom  $  and  confer  fair  Milan, 
With  all  the  honours,  on  my  brother.     Whcreoq 
A  treacherous  army  levy'd,  one  mid-night 
Fated  to  th'  purpofe,  did  Anthonio  open 
The  gates  of  Milan  5  and,  i'th*  dead  of  darknefs^ 
The  minifters  for  th'  purpofe  hurry'd  thence 
Me,  and  thy  crying  felf. 

Mira,  Alack,  for  pity ! 

(7)  "-  IJhouldfin, 

To  think  not  nobly  of  my  Grandmother  ;]  This  is  Mr.  Pope's  reading  5 
from  no  Authority,  I  prefume :  All  the  Copies  that  I  have  feen,  have 

it  ;  To  think  but  nobly i.  e.  otherwife  than  nobly;  according  to  our 

Author's  Ufage.     So,  in  Much  Ado  about  Nothing  ; 
I  knoiu  not;  if  they  /peak  but  Truth  of  her % 
Thefe  hands  jbali  tear  her. 
And  To  in  Timon; 

I  to  bear  this, 

That  never  knevo  but  better,  is  feme  Burthen. 
&c.  &c. 
(3)  Good  Wombs  have  bore  bad  Sons. 

Pro.  AW,  the  Condition:']  Thus  have  all  the  Editions  divided  thefe 
Speeches ;  But,  tho'  I  have  not  attempted  to  regulate  them  otherwife^ 
I  have  great  Sufpicion,  that  our  Author  plac'd  them  thus ; 

Pro.  Good  Wombs  have  bore  bad  Sons.  —  Nonv,  the  Condition : 
How  could  Miranda,  that  came  into  this  Defart  If  and  an  Infant,  that 
had  never  feen  any  other  Creatures  of  the  World,  but  her  Father  and 
Caliban,  with  any  Propriety  be  furnifh'd  to  make  fuch  an  Obfervation 
from  Life,  that  the  Iflue  has  often  degenerated  from  the  Parent  ?  But  it 
comes  very  properly  from  Profpero,  as  a  fhort  Document,  by  the  By, 
to  his  Daughter;  implying,  "  that  fhe  did  very  well  to  think  with  Ho- 
"  nour  of  her  Anceflor;  for  that  it  was  common  in  Life,  for  good  Peo- 
"  pie  to  have  bad  Children." 

Mira* 


^•TEMPEST,  n 

I,  not  remembring  how  I  cry'd  out  then, 
Will  cry  it  o'er  again*  it  is  a  hint, 
That  wrings  mine  eyes  to't. 

Pro.  Hear  a  little  further, 
And  then  I'll  bring  thee  to  the  prefent  bufinefs, 
Which  now's  upon's,  without  the  which  this  ftofy 
Were  moft  impertinent. 

Mira.  Why  did  they  not 
That  hour  deftroy  us  ? 

Pro.  Well  demanded,  wench  j 
My  tale  provokes  that  queftion.    Dear,  they  durft  not 
(So  dear  the  love  my  people  bore  me  5)  fet 
A  mark  fo  bloody  on  the  bufinefs  >  but 
With  colours  fairer  painted  their  foul  ends. 
In  few,  they  hurry'd  us  aboard  a  bark  j 
Bore  us  fome  leagues  to  fea  j  where  they  prepared 
A  rotten  carcafs  of  a  boat,  not  rigg'd, 
JSTor  tackle,  fail,  nor  maft ;  the  very  rats 
Inftinctively  had  quit  it :  there  they  hoift  us 
To  cry  to  th'  fea,  that  roar'd  to  us  -y  to  figh 
To  th'  winds,  whofe  pity,  fighing  back  again, 
Did  us  but  loving  wrong. 

Mira.  Alack !  what  trouble 
Was  I  then  to  you? 

Pro.  O !  a  cherubim 
Thou  waft,  that  did  preferve  me ;  Thou  didft  fmile, 
Infufed  with  a  fortitude  from  heav'n, 
(When  I  have  deck'd  the  fea  with  drops  full-falt  j 
Under  my  burthen  groan'd  j)  which  rais'd  in  me 
An  undergoing  ftomach,  to  bear  up 
Againft  what  fhould  enfue. 

Mira.  How  came  we  a-fhore? 

Pro,  By  providence  divine. 
Some  food  we  had,  and  fome  frefh  water,  that 
A  noble  Neapolitan,  Gonzalo, 
Out  of  his  charity  (being  then  appointed 
Mailer  of  this  defign)  did  give  us,  with 
Rich  garments,  linnens,  fluffs,  and  neceffaries, 
Which  fince  have  deeded  much.     So  of  his  gentlenefs^ 
|Cnowing  I  lov'd  my  books,  he  furnifli'd  me 

From 


j  i  The   T  E  M  P  E  S  T. 

| 

From  my  own  library,  with  volumes  that 
I  prize  above  my  Dukedom. 

Mira.  Would  I  might 
But  ever  fee  that  man ! 

Pro.  Now,  I  arife :  -    ■  ■ 
Sit  ftill,  and  hear  the  laft  of  our  fea-forrow. 
Here  in  this  iiland  we  arriv'd,  and  here 
Have  I,  thy  fchool-mafter,  made  thee  more  profit 
Than  other  Princes  can,  that  have  more  time 
For  vainer  hours,  and  tutors  not  fo  careful. 

Mira.  Heav'ns  thank  you  for't !     And  now,   I  pray 
you,  Sir, 
(For  ftill  'tis  beating  in  my  mind)  your  reafon 
For  raifing  this  fea-ftorm  ? 

Pro.  Know  thus  far  forth  $ 
By  accident  moil  ftrange,  bountiful  fortune 
(Now  my  dear  lady)  hath  mine  enemies 
Brought  to  this  fhore :  and,  by  my  prefcience 
I  find,  my  Zenith  doth  depend  upon 
A  moil  aufpicious  ftarj  whofe  Influence 
If  now  I  court  not,  but  omit,  my  fortunes 
Will  ever  after  droop. —  Here  ceafe  more  queftions  $ 
Thou  art  inclined  to  fleep.     *Tis  a  good  dulnefs, 
And  give  it  wayj  I  know,  thou  canft  not  chufe. — 

[Miranda  fleep. 
Come  away,  fervant,  come  5  I'm  ready  now : 
Approach,  my  Ariel.    Come. 

Enter  Ariel. 

Ari.  All  hail,  great  mafter !  grave  Sir,  hail !  I  come 
To  anfwer  thy  beft  pleafure :  Be't  to  fly  $ 
To  fwimj  to  dive  into  the  fire  j  to  ride 
On  the  curl'd  clouds :  to  thy  ftrong  bidding  task 
Ariel)  and  all  his  qualities. 

Pro.  Haft  thou,  fpirit, 
Performed  to  point  the  tempeft  that  I  bad  thee? 

Ari.  To  every  Article. 
I  boarded  the  King's  {hip:  now  on  the  beak, 
Now  in  the  wafte,  the  deck,  in  every  cabin, 
I  flam'd  amazement.     Sometimes,  I'd  divide, 
And  burn  in  many  places  5  on  the  top-maft, 

The 


The   TEMPEST.  ij 

The  yards,  and  bolt-fprit,  would  I  flame  diftin&ly ; 
Then  meet  and  join.    Jove's  lightnings,  the  precurfers 
Of  dreadful  thunder-claps,  more  momentary 
And  fight  out-running  were  not  -y  the  fire  and  cracks 
Of  fulphurous  roaring  the  moft  mighty  Neptune 
Seem'd  to  befiege,  and  make  his  bold  waves  tremble  5 
Yea,  his  dread  trident  fliake. 

Pro.  1 4y  brave,  brave  fpirit ! 
Who  was  fo  firm,  fo  conftant,  that  this  coyl 
Would  not  infe£fc  his  reafon  ? 

Ari.  Not  a  foul 
But  felt  a  feaver  of  the  mind,  and  plaid 
Some  tricks  of  defperatiQn :  all,  but  mariners, 
Plung'd  in  the  foaming  brine,  and  quit  the  veflel, 
Then  all  a-fire  with  me :  the  King's  fon  Ferdinand 
With  hair  up- flaring  (then  like  reeds,  not  hair) 
Was  the  firft  man,  that  leap'dj  cry'd,  "  hell  is  empty  5 
"  And  all  the  devils  are  here. 
Pro.  Why,  that's  my  Spirit! 
But  was  not  this  nigh  fhore  ? 
Ari.  Clofe  by,  my  matter. 
Pro.  But  are  they,  Ariel^  fafe? 
Ari.  Not  a  hair  periih'd  : 
On  their  fuftaining  garments  not  a  blemifh, 
But  freiher  than  before.     And  as  thou  badft  me, 
In  troops  I  have  difpers'd  them  'bout  the  ifle ; 
The  King's  fon  have  I  landed  by  himfelf, 
Whom  I  left  cooling  of  the  air  with  fighs, 
In  an  odd  angle  of  the  ifle,  and  fitting, 
His  arms  in  this  fad  knot. 

Pro.  Of  the  King's  {hip, 
The  mariners,  fay  how  thou  haft  difpos'd, 
And  all  the  reft  o'th'  fleet  ? 

Ari.  Safely  in  harbour 
Is  the  King's  fhip  5  in  the  deep  nook,  where  once 
Thou  call'dft  me  up  at  midnight,  to  fetch  dew 
From  the  ftill-vext  Bermudas^  there  fhe's  hid :  (9) 

The 

(9)  From  the  fiill-<vext  Bermoothes]  So  this  Word  ha9  hitherto  been 
miltakenly  written  in  all  the  Books.  There  are  about  400  Iflands  in 
North  America,  the  principal  of  which  was  call'd  Bermuda  from  a  Spaniard 

of 


i4         ^TEMPEST. 

The  mariners  all  under  hatches  ftow'd, 

Who,  with  a  charm  join'd  to  their  differed  labour,' 

I've  left  afleepj  and  for  the  reft  o'th'  fleet 

(Which  I  difpers'd)  they  all  have  met  again, 

And  are  upon  the  Mediterranean  flote, 

Bound  fadly  home  for  Naples; 

Suppofing,  that  they  faw  the  King's  fhip  wrackt, 

And  his  great  perfon  perifli. 

Pro.  Ariel)  thy  charge 
Exadtly  is  perform'd  >  but  there's  more  work  : 
What  is  the  time  o'th'  day  ? 

Ari.  Paft  the  mid  feafon. 

Pro.  Atleafttwoglaffesj  the  time 'twixt  fix  and  now 
Muft  by  us  both  be  fpent  moft  precioufly. 

Jri.  Is  there  more  toil?    fince  thou  doft  give  m® 
pains, 
Let  me  remember  thee  what  thou  haft  promis'd,' 
Which  is  not  yet  perform'd  me. 

Pro.  How  now?  moody? 
What  is't  thou  canft  demand? 

Ari.  My  liberty. 

Pro.  Before  the  time  be  out  ?  no  more. 

Ari.  Ipr'ythee, 
Remember,  I  have  done  thee  worthy  fervice  5 
Told  thee  no  lies,  made  no  miftakings,  ferv'd 
Without  or  grudge,  or  grumblings  5  thou  didft  promifc 
To  bate  me  a  full  year. 

of  that  Name  who  firfl:  difcover'd  them.  They  are  likewife  callM  Bummer 
Iflands,  from  Sir  George  Bummers,  who  in  1609  made  that  Voyage;  and 
viewing  them,  probably,  firft  brought  the  Englijb  acquainted  with  them, 
and  invited  them  afterwards  to  fettle  a  Plantation  there.— —  But  why,  flilk 
<vext  Bermudas  ?  The  Soil  is  celebrated  for  itsBeautyandFruitfulnefs;  and 
the  Air  is  fo  very  temperate  and  ferene,  that  People  live  there  to  a  great  Age9 
and  are  feldom  troubled  with  Sicknefs.  But  then,  on  the  other  hand,  thefe 
Iflands  are  fo  furrounded  with  Rocks  on  all  fides,  that  without  a  perfect 
Knowledge  of  the  Paflage,  a  fmall  VeflH  cannot  be  brought  to  Haven. 
Again,  we  are  told,  that  they  are  fubject  to  violent  Storms,  fometime3 
with  terrible  clattering  of  Thunder,  and  difmal  flaming  of  Lightning.  And 
b'efides,  Sir  George  Summers,  when  he  made  the  Difcovery,  was  actually 
fhipwreck'd  on  the  Coaft.  This,  I  take  it,  might  be  a  fufficient  Founda- 
tion for  our  Author's  ufmg  the  Epithet  ftill-<vcxt. 

Pro. 


The   TEMPEST.  15 

Pro.  Doft  thou  forget 
From  what  a  torment  I  did  free  thee? 

Ari.  No. 

Pro.  Thou  doft  *  and  think'ft  it  much  to  tread  the 
ooze 
Of  the  fait  deep  ; 

To  run  upon  the  fbarp  Wind  of  the  North} 
To  do  me  bufinefs  in  the  veins  o'th'  earth, 
When  it  is  bak'd  with  froft. 

Ari.  I  do  not,  Sir. 

Pro.  Thou  ly'ft,  malignant  thing :  haft  thou  forgot 
The  foul  witch  Sycorax,  who  with  age  and  envy 
Was  grown  into  a  hoop?  haft  thou  forgot  her? 

Ari.  No,  Sir. 

Pro.  Thou  haft:  where  was  fhe  born  ?  fpeakj  tell  me. 

Ari.   Sir,  in  Argier. 

Pro.  Oh,  was  fhe  fo  ?  I  muft 
Once  in  a  month  recount  what  thou  haft  been, 
Which  thou  forget'ft.     This  damn'd  witch  Sycorax, 
For  mifchiefs  manifold  and  forceries  terrible 
To  enter  human  hearing,  from  Argiery 
Thou  know'ft,  was  baniih'd :  for  one  thing  fhe  did, 
They  would  not  take  her  life.     Is  not  this  true  ? 

Ari.  Ay,  Sir. 

Pro.  This  blue-ey'd  hag  was  hither  brought  with 
child, 
And  here  was  left  by  th'  failors>  thou  my  flavc, 
As  thou  report'ft  thy  felf,  waft  then  her  fervant. 
And,  for  thou  waft  a  fpirit  too  delicate 
To  act  her  earthy  and  abhorr'd  commands, 
Refufing  her  grand  hefts,  fhe  did  confine  thee^ 
By  help  of  her  more  potent  minifters, 
And  in  her  moft  unmitigable  rage, 
Into  a  cloven  pine;  within  which  rift 
Imprifon'd,  thou  didft  painfully  remain 
A  dozen  years,  within  which  fpace  fhe  dy5d, 
And  left  thee  there :  where  thou  didft  vent  thy  groans, 
As  faft  as  mill-wheels  ftrike.     Then  was  this  Ifland 
(Save  for  the  fon  that  fhe  did  litter  here, 
A  freckled  whelp,  hag-born)  not  honoured  with 
A  human  fhape.  Arh 


i6  ^TEMPEST. 

Ari.  Yes*  Caliban  her  fon. 

Pro.  Dull  thing,  I  fay  fo :  he,  that  Caliban^ 
Whom  now  1  keep  in  fervice.     Thou  beft  know'ft, 
What  torment  I  did  find  thee  in  5  thy  groans 
Did  make  wolves  howl,  and  penetrate  the  breafts 
Of  ever-angry  bears  j  it  was  a  torment 
To  lay  upon  the  damn'd,  which  Sycorax 
Could  not  again  undo :  it  was  mine  art, 
Whenlarriv'd  and  heard  thee,  that  made  gape 
The  pine,  and  let  thee  out, 

Ari.  I  thank  thee,  mailer. 

Pro.  If  thou  more  murmur' ft,  I  will  rend  an  oak, 
And  peg  thee  in  his  knotty  entrails,  'till 
Thou'ft  howl'd  away  twelve  winters. 

Ari.  Pardon,  mafter. 
I  will  be  correfpondent  to  command, 
And  do  my  fp'ricing  gently. 

Pro.  Do  fo :  and  after  two  days 
I  will  difcharge  thee. 

Art.  That's  my  noble  mafter  : 
What  fhall  I  do  ?  fay  what  ?  what  fhall  I  do  ? 

Pro.  Go  make  thy  felf  like  to  a  nymph  o'th*  fea. 
Be  fubjeft  to  no  fight  but  mine :  invifible 
To  every  eye-ball  elfe.     Go  take  this  fliape, 
And  hither  come  in  it :  go  hence  with  diligence, 

{Exit  Ariel. 

Awake,  dear  heart,  awake !  thou  haft  flept  well  j 
Awake. 

Mira.  The  ftrangenefs  of  your  ftory  put 
Heavinefs  in  me.. 

Pro.  Shake  it  off:  come  on  v 
We'll  vifit  Caliban  my  flave,  who  never 
Yields  us  kind  anfwer. 

Mira.  'Tis  a  villain,  Sir, 
I  do  not  love  to  look  on-       ■»— 

Pro.  But,  as  'tis, 
We  cannot  mifs  him  :  he  does  make  our  fire, 
Fetch  in  our  wood,  and  ferves  in  offices 
That  profit  us.    What  hoa!  flave!  Caliban/ 
Thou  earth,  thou!  fpeak. 

CaU 


^TEMPEST.  17 

Cal.  {within)  There's  wood  enough  within. 
Pro.  Come  forth,  I  fay  j  there's  other  bufincfs  for  thee. 
Come,  thouTortoife!  when? ■ 

Enter  Ariel  like  a  Water-Nymph. 

Fine  apparition !  my  quaint  Ariel^ 
Hark  in  thine  ear. 

Aru  My  lord,  it  fhall  be  done.  {Exit. 

Pro.  Thou  poifonous  flave,  got  by  the  devil  himfelf 
Upon  thy  wicked  dam  5  come  forth. 

Enter  Caliban. 

Cal.  As  wicked  dew,  as  e'er  my  mother  bruftYd 
With  raven's  feather  from  unwholfome  fen, 
Drop  on  you  both !  a  fouth-weft  blow  on  ye, 
And  blifter  you  all  o'er ! 

Pro.  For  this,  be  fure,  tonight  thou  jfhalt  have  cramps, 
Side-ftitches  that  fhall  pen  thy  breath  up  5  urchins 
Shall,  for  that  vaft  of  night  that  they  may  work, 
All  exercife  on  thee:  thou  fhall  be  pinch'd. 
As  thick  as  honey-combs,  each  pinch  more  flinging 
Than  bees  that  made  'em. 

Cal.  I  muft  eat  my  dinner. 
This  Ifland's  mine  by  Sy  cor  ax  my  mother, 
Which  thou  tak'ft  from  me.     When  thou  earned  firft, 
Thou  ftroak'dft  me,  and  mad'ft  much  of  me  5  would'ft 

give  me 
Water  with  berries  in'tj  and  teach  me  how 
To  name  the  bigger  light,  and  how  the  lefs, 
That  burn  by  day  and  night :  and  then  I  lov'd  thee, 
And  fhew'd  thee  all  the  qualities  o'  th'  Ifle, 
The  frefh  fprings,  brine-pits  5  barren  place,  and  fertile. 
Curs'd  be  I,  that  I  did  fo !  all  the  charms 
Of  Sycorax^  toads,  beetles,  bats,  light  on  you ! 
For  I  am  all  the  fubje&s  that  you  have, 
Who  firft  was  mine  own  King  :  and  here  you  fty  me 
In  this  hard  rock,  whiles  you  do  keep  from  me 
The  reft  of  th'  lfland. 

Pro.  Thou  moft  lying  flave, 
Whom  ftripes  may  move,  not  kindnefs  5  I  have  us'd  thee 

Vol.  I.  C  (Filth 


1 8  ^TEMPEST. 

(Filth  as  thou  art)  with  humane  care,  and  Iodg'd 
In  mine  own  cell,  'till  thou  didfl;  feek  to  violate 
The  honour  of  my  child. 

Cal.  Oh  ho,  oh  ho! . 1  wou'd,  it  had  been  done! 

Thou  didfl  prevent  me,  I  had  peopled  elfe 
This  I  lie  with  Calibans. 

Pro.  Abhorred  Have  j  (io) 
Which  any  print  of  goodnefs  wilt  not  take, 
Being  capable  of  all  ill !  I  pity'd  thee, 
Took  pains  to  make  thee  (peak,  taught  thee  each  hour 
One  thing  or  other.     When  thou  didfl:  not,  favage, 
Know  thine  own  meaning,  but  wouldfl:  gabble  like 
A  thing  moil  brutim,  I  endow'd  thy  purpofes 
With  words  that  made  them  known.    But  thy  vile  race 
(Tho'  thou  didfl:  learn)  had  that  in't,  which  good  natures 
Could  not  abide  to  be  with  5  therefore  wait  thou 
Defervedly  confin'd  into  this  rock, 
Who  hadft  deferv'd  more  than  a  prifon. 

Cal.  You  taught  me  language,  and  my  profit  on't 
Is,  I  know  how  to  curfe :  the  red  plague  rid  you, 
For  learning  me  your  language ! 

Pro.  Hag-feed,  hence  ! 
Fetch  us  in  fewel,  and  be  quick  (thou  wer't  bed) 
To  anfwer  other  bufinefs.     Shrug'fl:  thou,  malice? 
If  thou  neglecVft,  or  doft  unwillingly 
What  I  command,  I'll  rack  thee  with  old  cramps  3 
Fill  all  thy  bones  with  aches,  make  thee  roar, 
That  beads  fhall  tremble  at  thy  din. 

Cal.  No,  'pray  thee. 
I  muft  obey  j  his  art  is  of  fuch  pow'r, 

(10)  Mira.  Abhorred  Slave  {]  In  all  the  printed  Editions  this  Speech  is 
given  to  Miranda :  but  I  am  perfuaded,  the  Author  never  defign'd  it  for 
her.  In  the  firft  Place,  'tis  probable,  Profpero  taught  Caliban  to  fpeak, 
rather  than  left  that  Office  to  his  Daughter  :  in  the  next  Place,  as  Profper§ 
was  here  rating  Caliban,  it  would  be  a  great  Impropriety  for  her  to  take 
the  Difcipline  out  of  his  hands ;  and,  indeed,  in  fome  fort,  an  Indecency 
in  her  to  reply  to  what  Caliban  laft  was  fpeaking  of.  Mr.  Dryden,  I  ob- 
serve, in  his  Alteration  of  this  Play,  has  judiciouily  placed  this  Speech  to 
Profpero.  1  can  eafily  guefs,  that  the  Change  was  rirft  deriv'd  from  the 
Players,  who  not  loving  that  any  Character  mould  Hand  too  long  filent  on 
the  Stage,  to  obviate  that  Inconvenience  with  Regard  to  Miranda,  clap'd 
this  Speech  to  her  Fart. 

It 


^TEMPEST.  i9 

It  Would  controul  my  dam's  god  Setebos, 
And  make  a  vaflal  of  him. 

Pro.  So,  flave,  hence !  Exit  Caliban* 

Enter  Ferdinand  j  and  Ariel  invifibk,  playing  andfmging* 

A  R  I  E  Vs    SONG. 

Come  unto  thefe  yellow  fands^ 
And  then  take  hands  : 
Curified  when  you  have,  and  kift 
The  wild  waves  whift  j 
Foot  it  featly  here  and  there, 
And,  fweet  Jprites,  the  burthen  bear. 

Burthen,  difperfedly* 
Hark,  hark,  bough-wawgh :  the  watch*dogs  bark, 
Bough-wawgh. 
Ari.  Hark,  hark,  I  hear 

The  ftrain  of  ft  rut  ting  chantidere 
Cry,  Cock-a-doodle-do. 

Fer.  Where  fliould  this  mufick  be,  in  air,  or  earth  ?— «i 
It  founds  no  more :  and,  fure,  it  waits  upon 
Some  God  o'  th'  Ifland.     Sitting  on  a  bank, 
Weeping  againft  the  King  my  father's  wreck, 
This  mufick  crept  by  me  upon  the  waters  -, 
Allaying  both  their  fury  and  my  paffion, 
With  its  fweet  air;  thence  I  have  folio w'd  it, 

Or  it  hath  drawn  mc  rather but  'tis  gone. 

No,  it  begins  again. 

A  R I  E  L's    SONO. 

Full  fathom  five  thy  father  lies^ 
Of  his  bones  are  coral  made  : 
Thofe  are  pearls,  that  were  his  eyes% 

Nothing  of  himr  that  doth  fade, 
But  doth  fu fer  a \  fea- change, 
Into  fomething  rich  and  ftrange. 
Sea-nymphs  hourly  ring  his  knell. 
Hark,  now  I  hear  them,  ding-dong,  belh 

[Burthen:  ding-dong, 
C  z  Eer. 


io  The  TEMPE  S  T. 

Fer.  The  ditty  does  remember  my  drown'd  father  $ 
This  is  no  mortal  bufinefs,  nor  no  found 
That  the  earth  owns :  I  hear  it  now  above  me. 

Pro.  The  fringed  curtains  of  thine  eyes  advance, 
And  fay,  what  thou  feed  yond. 

Mira.  What  is't,  a  fpirit? 
Lord,  how  it  looks  about!  believe  me,  Sir, 
It  carries  a  brave  form.     But  'tis  a  fpirit. 

Pro.  No,  wench,  it  eats,  and  fleeps,  and  hath  fuch  fenfes 
As  we  have,  fuch.     This  gallant,  which  thou  feeft, 
Was  in  the  wreck :  and,  but  he's  fomething  ftain'd 
With  grief,  (that's  beauty's  canker)  thou  might'ft  call 

him 
A  goodly  perfon.    He  hath  loft  his  fellows, 
And  ftrays  about  to  find  'em.  ;     . 

Mir  a,  I  might  call  him 
A  thing  divine  5  for  nothing  natural 
I  ever  faw  fo  noble. 

Pro.  It  goes  on,  I  fee,  [_Jfide. 

As  my  foul  prompts  it.  Spirit,  fine  fpirit,  I'll  free  thee 
Within  two  days  for  this. 

Fer.  Moft  fure,  the  Goddefs 
On  whom  thefe  ayres  attend !  vouchfafe,  my  pray'r 
May  know,  if  you  remain  upon  this  Ifland$ 
And  that  you  will  fpme  good  inftru&ion  give, 
How  I  may  bear  me  here :  my  prime  requeft 
(Which  I  do.laft  pronounce)  is,  O  you  wonder! 
If  you  be  made  or  no  ? 

Mir  a.  No  wonder.  Sir, 
But  certainly  a  maid. 

Fer.  My  language!  heav'ns !  <■ 
I  am  the  beft  of  them  that  fpeak  this  fpeech, 
Were  I  but  where  'tis  fpoken. 

Pro.  How  ?  the  beft  ? 
What  wert  thou,  if  the  King  of  Naples  heard  thee? 

Fer.  A  fingle  thing,  as  I  am  now,  that  wonders 
To  hear  thee  fpeak  of  Naples.     He  does  hear  me* 
And,  that  he  does,  I  weep  :  my  felf  am  Naples^ 
"Who,  with  mine  eyes  (ne'er  fince  at  ebb)  beheld 
The  King  my  father  wrackt. 

Mira. 


The  T  E  M  P  E  S  T.  n 

Mir  a.  Alack,  for  mercy ! 

Fer.  Yes,  faith,  and  all  his  lords :  the  Duke  of  Milany 
And  his  brave  fon,  being  twain,  (n), 

Pro.  The  Duke  of  Milan^ 
And  his  more  braver  daughter,  could  controul  thee, 

If  now  'twere  fit  to  do't : « At  the  firft  fight, 

They  have  chang'd  eyes :  (delicate  Ariel^ 

I'll  fet  thee  free  for  this.)     A  word,  good  Sir, 

I  fear,  you've  done  your  felf  fome  wrong:  a  word.- 

Mir  a.  Why  fpeaks  my  father  fo  ungently  ?  this 
Is  the  third  man,  that  I  e'er  faw>  the  firft, 
That  e'er  I  figh'd  for.     Pity  move  my  father 
To  be  inclin'd  my  way! 

Fer.  O,  if  a  Virgin, 
And  your  Affection  not  gone  forth,  I'll  make  you 
The  Queen  of  Naples. 

Pro.  Soft,  Sir  $  one  word  more. 

They're  both  in  either's  power :  but  this  fwift  bufinefs 

I  muft  uneafie  make,  left  too  light  winning 

Make  the  prize  light.  Sir,  one  word  more  j  1  charge  thee, 

That  thou  attend  me :  - — i-  thou  doft  here  ufurp 

The  name  thou  ow'ft  not,  and  haft  put  thy  felf 

Upon  this  Ifland,  as  a  fpy,  to  win  it 

From  me,  the  lord  on't. 

Fer.  No,  as  I'm  a  man. 

Mir  a.  There's  nothing  ill  can  dwell  in  fuch  a  temple. 
If  the  ill  fpirit  have  fo  fair  an  houfe, 
Good  things  will  ftrive  to  dwell  with't. 

Pro.  Follow  me. 

Speak  not  you  for  him  :  heVa  traitor.     Come, 
I'll  manacle  thy  neck  and  feet  together  j 
Sea-water  fhalt  thou  drink  j  thy  food  fhall  be 
The  frem-brook  muflels,  witheip'd  roots,  and  husks 
Wherein  the  acorn  cradled.    Follow. 

(11)  ■ '— the  Duke  of  Milan, 

And  his  brave  Son,  being  twain.]  Here  feems  a  flight  Forget- 
fulnefs  in  our  Poet :  No  Body  was  loft  in  this  Wreck,  as  is  manifeft  from 
feveral  Paflfages :  and  yet  we  have  no  fuch  Character  introduced  in  the.  Fable, 
as  the  Duke  of  Milan's  Son. 

C  5  Ferl 


xi  rbe   T  E  M  P  E  S  T.  ' 

Fer.  No, 

I  will  refift  fuch  entertainment,  'till 
Mine  enemy  has  more  power. 

\_He  draws,  and  is  charmed  fr$m  moving. 
Mir  a,  O  dear  father, 
Make  not  too  rafh  a  tryal  of  him  5  for 
Jrle's  gentle,  and  not  fearful. 

Pro.  What,  I  fay, 
My  foot  my  tutor  ?  put  thy  fword  up,  traitor, 
Who  mak'ft  a  fhew,  but  dar'ft  not  ftrikej  thy  con* 

fcience 
Is  fo  poffeft  with  guilt :  eome  from  thy  ward, 
For  I  can  here  difarm  thee  with  this  ftick, 
And  make  thy  weapon  drop. 
Mira.  Befeechyou,  father. 
Pro.  Hence :  hang  not  on  my  garment, 
Mira*  Sir,  have  pity  j 
I'll  be  his  furety. 

Pro.  Silence :  one  word  more 
Shall  make  me  chide  thee,  if  not  hate  thee.     What, 
An  advocate  for  an  impoftor  ?  hum ! 
Thou  think' ft  there  are  no  more  fuch  fhapes  as  he. 
Having  feen  but  him  and  Caliban  j  fooliih  wench ! 
To  th'  moft  of  men  this  is  a  Caliban, 
And  they  to  him  are  angels. 

Mira.  My  affections 
Are  then  moft  humble :  I  have  no  ambition 
To  fee  a  goodlier  man. 

Dro.  Come  on,  obey : 
Thy  nerves  are  in  their  infancy  again, 
And  have  no  vigour  in  them." 

Fer.  So  they  are ; 
Myfpirits,  as  in  a  dream,  are  all  bound  up. 
My  father's  lofs,  the  weaknefs  which  I  feel, 
The  wrack  of  all  my  friends,  and  this  man's  threats, 
To  whom  I  am  fubdu'd,  are  but  light  to  me> 
Might  I  but  through  my  prifon  once  a  day 
Behold  this  maid :  all  corners  elfe  o'th'  earth 
Let  liberty  make  ufe  of 5  fpace  enough 
Have  I,  in  fuch  a  prifon. 

Pn. 


the  TEMPEST.  25 

Pro.  It  works :  come  on. 
(Thou  haft  done  well,  fine  Ariel:)  follow  me. 
Hark,  what  thou  elfe  flialt  do  me.  [To  Ariel. 

Mir  a.  Be  of  comfort, 
My  father's  of  a  better  nature,  Sir, 
Than  he  appears  by  fpeech :  this  is  unwonted, 
Which  now  came  from  him. 

Pro.  Thou  {halt  be  as  free 
As  mountain  winds  $  but  then  exactly  do 
All  points  of  my  command. 

Ari.  To  th'  fyllable. 

Pro.  Come,  follow:  fpeak  not  for  him.        [Exeunt. 


ACT   II. 

SCENE,  Another  Part  of  the  ljland. 

Enter  Alonfo,  Sebaftian,  Anthonio,  Gonzalo,  Adrian, 
Francifco,  and  others. 

GONZALO. 

BESEECH  you,  Sir,  be  merry :  you  have  caufe 
(So  have  we  all)  of  joy!  for  our  efcape 
Is  much  beyond  our  lofs  3  our  hint  of  woe 
Is  common 5  everyday,  fome  failor's  wife, 
The  mafters  of  fome  merchant,  and  the  merchant, 
Have  juft  our  theam  of  woe  :  but  for  the  miracle, 
(I  mean  our  prefervation)  few  in  millions 
Can  fpeak  like  us :  then  wifely,  good  Sir,  weigh 
Our  forrow  with  our  comfort. 
Alon.  Pr'ythee,  peace.  (12,) 

.      Seb. 
(1 2)  Alon.  Pr'ythee  peace. 1  All  that  follows  from  hence  to  this  Speech 
of  the  King's. 

C  4  You 


14  7k'  TEMPEST. 

Seb.  He  receives  comfort  like  cold  porridge. 
Ant.  The  vifitor  will  not  give  o'er  fo. 
Seb.  Look,  he's  winding  up  the  watch  of  his  wit, 
by  and  by  it  will  ftrike. 
Gon.  Sir, 


Seb.  One: Tell, - 


Gon.  When  every  grief  is  entertain'd,  that's  offer'd  -, 
comes  to  the  entertainer — 

Seb.  A  dollor. 

Gon.  Dolour  comes  to  him,  indeed  j  you  have  fpoken 
truer  than  you  propos'd. 

Seb.  You  have  taken  it  wifelier  than  I  meant  you 
fhould. 

Gon.  Therefore,  my  lord, — 

Ant.  Fie,  what  a  fpend-thrift  is  he  of  his  tongue  ? 

Alon.  I  pr'ythee,  fpare. 

Gon.  Well,  I  have  done :  but  yet « 

Seb.  He  will  be  talking. 

Ant.  Which  of  them,   he,   or  Adrian^  for  a  good 
wager,  firft  begins  to  crow  ? 

Seb.  The  old  cock. 

You  cram  thefe  Words  into  my  Ears  againft 
The  Stomach  of  my  Senfe. 

feems  to  Mr.  Pope  to  have  been  an  Interpolation  by  the  Players.  For  my 
part,  tho'  I  allow  the  Matter  of  the  Dialogue  to  be  very  poor  and  tri- 
.  vial,  (of  which,  I  am  forry  to  fay,  we  don't  want  other  Inftances  in  our 
Poet,-)  I  cannot  be  of  this  Gentleman's  Opinion,  that  it  is  interpolated. 
For  ihould  we  take  out  this  intermediate  Part,  what  would  become  of  thefe 
Words  of  the  King  ? 

■  Would  I  had  never 

Married  my  Daughter  there! 

What  Daughter  ?  and,  where  married  ?  For  it  is  from  this  intermediate 
part  of  the  Scene  only,  that  we  are  told,  the  King  had  a  Daughter  nam'd 
C/aribel,  whom  he  had  married  into  Tunis.  'Tis  true,  in  a  fubfequent 
Scene,  betwixt  Antonio  and  Sebajiian,  we  again  hear  her  and  Tunis  men- 
tion'd  :  but  in  fuch  a  manner,  that  it  would  be  quite  obfcure  and  unintel- 
ligible without  this  previous  Information.  Mr.  Pope's  Criticifm  therefore 
is  injudicious  and  unweigh'd.  Befides,  poor  and  jejune  as  the  Matter  of 
the  Dialogue  is,  it  was  certainly  defign'd  to  be  of  a  ridiculous  Stamp;  to 
divert  and  unfettle  the  King's  Thoughts  from  reflecting  too  deeply  on  his 
Son's  fuppos'd  Drowning. 

Ant. 


^TEMPEST.  ij 

Ant.  The  cockrel. 

Seb.  Done :  the  wager  ? 

Ant.  A  laughter. 

Seb.  A  match. 

Adr.  Though  this  ifland  feem  to  be  defart — ■ — 

Seb.  Ha,  ha,  ha. So,  you're  paid. 

Adr.  Uninhabitable,  and  almoft  inacceffible  — 

Seb.  Yet,- 

Adr.  Yet 

Ant.  He  could  not  mifs't. 

Adr.  It  muft  needs  be  of  fubtle,  tender,  and  delicate 
temperance. 

Ant.  Temperance  was  a  delicate  wench. 

Seb.  Ay,  and  a  fubtle,  as  he  moft  learnedly  deli vcr'd. 

Adr.  The  air  breathes  upon  us  here  moft  fweetly. 

Seb.  As  if  it  had  lungs,  and  rotten  ones. 

Ant.  Or,  as  'twere  perfum'd  by  a  fen. 

Gon.  Here  is  every  thing  advantageous  to  life. 

Ant.  True,  fave  means  to  live. 

Seb.  Of  that  there's  none  or  little. 

Gon.  How  lufh  and  lufty  the  grafs  looks  ?  how  green? 

Ant.  The  ground  indeed  is  tawny. 

Seb.  With  an  eye  of  green  in't. 

Ant.  He  mhTes  not  much. 

Seb.  No :  he  does  but  miftake  the  truth  totally. 

Gon.  But  the  rarity  of  it  is,  which  is  indeed  almoft 

beyond  credit 

Seb.  As  many  voucht  rarities  are. 
Gon.  That  our  garments  being  (as  they  were)  drench'd 
in  the  fea,   hold  notwithftanding  their   fremnefs  and 
gloffesj   being  rather  new  dy'd,  than  ftain'd  with  fait 
water. 

Ant.  If  but  one  of  his  pockets  could  fpeak,  would 
it  not  fay,  he  lies  ? 

Seb.  Ay,  or  very  falfely  pocket  up  his  report. 
Gon.  Methinks,    our  garments  are  now  as  freih  as 
when  we  put  them  on  firft  in  Africk^  at  the  marriage 
of  the  King's  fair  Daughter  Claribel  to  the  King  of 
Tunis. 

Seb. 


i<?         ^TEMPEST. 

Seb.  'Twas  a  fweet  marriage,  and  we  profper  well 
in  our  return. 

Adr.  Tunis  was  never  grac'd  before  with  fuch  a  para- 
gon to  their  Queen. 

Gon.  Not  fince  widow  Dido's  time. 

Ant.  Widow?  a  pox  o'  that :  how  came  that  widow 
in  ?  widow  Dido  ! 

Seb.  What  if  he  had  faid,  widower  JEneas  too  ? 
Good  lord,  how  you  take  it ! 

Adr.  Widow  Dido,  faid  you  ?  you  make  me  ftudy  of 
that:  fhe  was       Carthage,  not  of  Tunis. 

Gon.  This  Tunis,  Sir,  was  Carthage. 

Adr.  Carthage? 

Gon.  I  aflure  you,  Carthage. 

Ant.  His  word  is  more  than  the  miraculous  harp. 

Seb.  He  hath  raised  the  wall,  and  houfes  too. 

Ant.  What  impoffible  matter   will  he  make  eafy 

next  ? 

Seb.  I  think,  he  will  carry  this  Ifland  home  in  his 
pocket,  and  give  it  his  fon  for  an  apple. 

Ant:  And  fowing  the  kernels  of  it  in  the  fea,  bring 
forth  more  Iflands. 

Gon.  Ay. 

Ant.  Why,  in  good  time. 

Gon.  Sir,  we  were  talking,  that  our  garments  feern 
now  as  frelh,  as  when  we  were  at  Tunis  at  the  marri- 
age of  your  daughter,  who  is  now  Queen. 

Ant.  And  the  rareft  that  e'er  came  there. 

Seb.  Bate,  I  befeech  you,  widow  Dido. 

Ant.  O,  widow  Dido!  ay,  widow  Dido! 

Gon.  Is  not  my  doublet,  Sir,  as  frefli  as  the  firft  day 
I  wore  it?  I  mean,  in  a  fort. 

Ant.  That  fort  was  well  fifli'd  for, 

Gon.  When  I  wore  it  at  your  daughter's  marriage. 

Alon.  You  cram  thefe  words  into  mine  ears  againft 
The  ftomach  of  my  fenfe.     Would  I  had  never 
Married  my  daughter  there !  for  coming  thence, 
My  fon  is  loft  j  and,  in  my  rate,  fhe  too* 
Who  is  fo  far  from  Italy  remov'd, 
I  ne'er  again  fhall  fee  her ;  O.  thou  mine  heir 

Of 


^TEMPEST.  27 

Of  Naples  and  of  Milan,  what  ftrangc  fifli 
Hath  made  his  meal  on  thee  ? 

Fran.  Sir,  he  may  live. 
I  faw  him  beat  the  furges  under  him, 
And  ride  upon  their  backs  >  he  trode  the  water  5 
Whofe  enmity  he  flung  afide,  and  breafted 
The  furge  moft  fwoln  that  met  him :  his  bold  head 
*Bove  the  contentious  waves  he  kept,  and  oar'd 
Himfelf  with  his  good  arms  in  lufty  ftrokes 
To  th'  fhorej  that  o'er  his  wave- worn  bafis  bow'd, 
As  {looping  to  relieve  him :  I  not  doubt, 
He  came  alive  to  land. 

Alon.  No,  no,  he's  gone. 

Seb.  Sir,  you  may  thank  your  felf  for  this  great  lofs, 
That  would  not  blefs  our  Europe  with  your  Daughter, 
But  rather  lofe  her  to  an  African  \ 
Where  (he,  at  leaft,  is  banifh'd  from  your  eye, 
Who  hath  caufe  to  wet  the  grief  on't. 

Alon.  Pr'ythee,  peace. 

Seb.  You  were  kneel'd  to,  and  importun'd  othcrwifc 
By  all  of  us  $  and  the  fair  foul  her  felf 
Weigh'd  between  loathnefs  and  obedience,  at 
Which  end  the  beam  fhould  bow.   We've  loft  yourfon, 
I  fear,  ffer  ever :  Milan  and  Naples  have 
More  widows  in  them  of  this  bufinefs'  making, 
Than  we  bring  men  to  comfort  them  : 
The  fault's  your  own. 

Alon.  So  is  the  deareft  o'  th'  lofs. 

Gon.  My  lord  Sebaftian, 
The  truth,  you  fpeak,  doth  lack  fome  gentlenefs, 
And  time  to  fpeak  it  in :  you  rub  the  fore, 
When  you  fhould  bring  the  plaifter. 

Seb.  Very  well. 

Ant.  And  moft  chirurgeonly. 

Gon.  It  is  foul  weather  in  us  all,  good  Sir, 
When  you  are  cloudy. 

Seb.  Foul  weather? 

Ant.  Very  foul. 

Gon.  Had  I  the  plantation  of  this  ifle,  my  lord  - — 

Ant,  He'd  fow't  with  nettle  feed. 

Seb. 


28  The  T  E  M  P  E  S  T. 

Seb.  Or  docks,  or  mallows. 

Gon.  And  were  the  King  on't,  what  would  I  do? 

Seb.  Scape  being  drunk,  for  want  of  wine. 

Gon.  I'th'  commonwealth,  I  would  by  contraries 
Execute  all  things :  for  no  kind  of  traffick 
Would  I  admit  j  no  name  of  magiftrate* 
Letters  fhould  not  be  known ;  wealth,  poverty, 
And  ufe  offervice,  none  5  contract,  fucceffion, 
Bourn,  bound  of  land,  tilth,  vineyard,  none* 
No  ufe  of  metal,  corn,  or  wine,  or  oylj 
No  occupation,  all  men  idle,  all, 
And  women  too  5  but  innocent  and  pure : 
No  Sov'reignty. 

Seb.  And  yet  he  would  be  King  on't. 

Ant.  The  latter  end  of  his  commonwealth  forgets 
the  beginning. 

Gon.  All  things  in  common  nature  fhould  produce, 
Without  fweat  or  endeavour.    Treafon,  felony, 
Sword,  pike,  knife,  gun,  or  need  of  any  engine, 
Would  I  not  have  $  but  nature  fhould  bring  forth, 
Of  its  own  kind,  all  foyzon,  all  abundance 
To  feed  my  innocent  people. 

Seb.  No  marrying  'mong  his  fubje&s  ? 

Ant.  None,  man  5  all  idle  j  whores  and  knaves. 

Gon.  I  would  with  fuch  perfection  govern,  Sir, 
T'excell  the  golden  age. 

Seb.  Save  his  Majefty ! 

Ant.  Long  live  Gonzalo/ 

Gon.  And,  do  you  mark  me,  Sir? 

Alon.  Pr'ythee,  no  more  $  thou  doft  talk  nothing  to 
me. 

Gon.  I  do  well  believe  your  Highnefs  5  and  did  it  to 
minifter  occafion  to  thefe  gentlemen,  who  are  of  fuch 
fenfible  and  nimble  lungs,  that  they  always  ufe  to  laugh 
at  nothing. 

Ant.  'Twas  you  we  laugh'd  at. 

Gon.  Who,  in  this  kind  of  merry  fooling,  am  nothing 
to  vou :  fo  you  may  continue,  and  laugh  at  nothing 
ftill. 

Ant. 


The   TEMPE  S  T.  19 

Ant.  What  a  blow  was  there  given  ? 

Seb-.  An  it  had  not  fallen  flat-long. 

Gon.  You  are  gentlemen  of  brave  metal}  you  would 
lift  the  moon  out  of  her  fphere,  if  flie  would  continue 
in  it  five  Weeks  without  changing. 

Enter  Ariel,  playing  folemn  Mufick.  (13) 

Seb.  We  would  fo,  and  then  go  a  batfowling. 

Ant.  Nay,  my  good  lord,  be  not  angry. 

Gon.  No,  I  warrant  you,  I  will  not  adventure  my  dis- 
cretion fo  weakly  :  will  you  laugh  me  afleep,  for  I  am 
very  heavy  ? 

Ant.  Go,  fleep,  and  hear  us. 

Alon.  What  all  fo  foon  afleep?  I  wifh,  mine  eyes 
Would  with  themfelves  fliut  up  my  thoughts:  I  find, 
They  are  inclin'd  to  fo  do. 

Seb.  Pleafe  you,  Sir, 
Do  not  omit  the  heavy  offer  of  it  : 
It  feldom  vifits  forrow  5  when  it  doth, 
It  is  a  comforter. 

Ant.  We  two,  my  lord, 
Will  guard  your  perfon,  while  you  take  your  reft, 
And  watch  your  fafety. 

Alon.  Thank  you  :  wond'rous  heavy. — 

All  fleep  but  Seb.  and  Ant, 

Seb.  What  a  ftrange  drowfinefs  poflefles  them  ? 

Ant.  It  is  the  quality  o'th'  climate. 

Seb.  Why 
Doth  it  not  then  our  eye-lids  (ink?  I  find  not 
My  felf  difpos'd  to  fleep. 

Ant.  Nor  I,  my  fpirits  are  nimble : 
They  fell  together  all  as  by  confent, 
They  dropt  as  by  a  thunder-ftroke.     What  might, 

Worthy  Sebaftian O,  what  might no  more. 

And  yet,  methinks,  I  fee  it  in  thy  face, 

What  thou  (hould'ft  be :   th'occafion  fpeaks  thee,  and 

(13)  Enter  Ariel,  playing]  This  Marginal  Direction  I  have  reftor'd 
from  the  Old  Folio  s ;  and,  furely,  'tis  very  neceflary,  it  fliould  be  in- 
ferted ;  as  it  contains  a  Strain  of  Inchantment,  which  accounts  for  Gon- 
za/o,  Alonxo,  &c.  fo  fuddenly  dropping  afleep. 

My 


jo         The   T  E  M  P  E  S  T< 

My  ftrong  imagination  fees  a  crown  i 

Dropping  upon  thy  head* 

Seb.  What,  art  thou  waking?  ^ 

Ant.  Do  you  not  hear  me  fpeak  ? 

Seb,  Ido>  and,  furely, 
It  is  a  fleepy  language  j  and  thou  fpeak'ft 
Out  of  thy  fleep  :  what  is  it  thou  didfl:  fay  ? 
This  is  a  ftrange  repofe,  to  be  aflcep 
With  eyes  wide  open  :  {landing,  fpeaking,  moving  j 
And  yet  fo  faft  afleep. 

Ant.  Noble  Sebaftian^ 
Thou  let'ft  thy  fortune  fleep  :  die  rather :  wink'ft* 
Whilft  thou  art  waking. 

Seb.  Thou  doft  fnore  diiiin&ly  * 
There's  meaning  in  thy  fnores. 

Ant.  I  am  more  ferious  than  my  cuftom.    Yon 
Muft  be  fo  too,  if  heed  me*  which  to  do, 
Trebles  thee  o'er.  (14) 

Seb.  Well :  I  am  ftanding  water. 

Ant.  I'll  teach  you  how  to  flow. 

Seb.  Do  fo :  to  ebb 
Hereditary  floth  inftru&s  me. 

Ant.  O! 
If  you  but  knew,  how  you  the  purpofe  cherhlij 
Whilft  thus  you  mock  it  5  how,  in  ftripping  it, 
You  more  inveft  it :  ebbing  men,  indeed, 

(14)  Trebles  thee  oer.~\  i.  e.  makes  thee  thrice  what  thou  now  ait. 
Thus  the  two  firft  Folio  s,  and  all  the  other  Impreffions  of  any  Authority, 
that  I  have  feen,  exhibit  the  Text :  and  the  Phrafe  is  familiar  both  ttf 
our  Poet,  &  other  Stage- Writers  of  his  Time.  Merchant  of  Venice. 
A&.  3.  Sc.  2.  yet  for  Ton 

I  ivould  be  trebled  twenty  times  my  felf, 
K.   Richard  III.  Adlj.  Sc.  3. 

JVhy,  our  Battalion  trebles  that  account. 
So,  Pericles,  Prince  of  lyre; 

The  Boat-fwain  ivhif/es,  and  the  Majfer  calls, 
And  trebles  their  Confufion.  A 

And  fo,  Marfton  in  his  Sophonisba  ; 

Think,  e-vry  Honour,  that  doth  gract  thy  Sword, 
Trebles  my  Love. 

Troubles  thee  o'er is  a  foolilh  Reading,  which,  I  believe,  firft  got 

Birth  in  Mr.  Pope's  2  Editions  of  our  Poet ;  and,  I  dare  fay,  will  lie  bu- 
ried there  in  a  proper  Obfcurity. 

Moft 


^TEMPEST.  31 

Mod  often  do  fo  near  the  bottom  run, 

By  their  own  fear  or  floth. 

.    Seb.  Pry'thee,  fay  on  5 

The  fetting  of  thine  eye  and  cheek  proclaim 

A  matter  from  thee  3  and  a  birth,  indeed, 

Which  throes  thee  much  to  yield. 

Ant.  Thus  Sir : 
Although  this  lord  of  weak  remembrance,  this, 
(Who  ihall  be  of  as  little  memory, 
When  he  is  earth'd  $ )  hath  here  almoft  perfuaded 
(For  he's  a  fpirit  of  perfuafion,  only 
Profefles  to  perfuade)  the  King,  his  fon's  alive  5 
'Tis  as  impoflible  that  he's  undrown'd, 
As  he,  that  fleeps  here,  fwims. 

Seb.  I  have  no  hope, 
That  he's  undrown'd. 

Ant.  O,  out  of  that  no  hope, 
What  great  hope  have  you  ?  no  hope,  that  way,  is 
Another  way  fo  high  an  hope,  that  even 
Ambition  cannot  pierce  a  wink  beyond, 
But  doubt  difcovery  there.  Will  you  grant,  with  me, 
That  Ferdinand  is  drown'd? 

Seb.  He's  gone. 

Ant.  Then  tell  me 
Who's  the  next  heir  of  Naples? 

Seb.  ClaribeL 

Ant.  She  that  is  Queen  of  Tunis  y  fhe  that  dwells 
Ten  leagues  beyond  man's  life  $  fhe  that  from  Naples 
Can  have  no  Note,  unlefs  the  fun  were  poft, 
(The  man  i'th'  moon's  too  flow)  'till  new-born  chinf 
Be  rough  and  razorable*  fhe,  from  whom  (if) 
We  were  fea-fwallow'd  j  tho'  fome,  caft  again, 
May  by  that  deftiny  perform  an  aft, 
Whereof,  what's  paft  is  prologue  $  what  to  come, 

(15) She,  for  whom     ■,  * 

We  were  fea-fojallow  d,~]  Thus  Mr.  Pope,  with  as  little  Reafon,  as  Alb- 
thority.  All  the  Copies,  that  I  have  feen,  read,  — — —  from  whom,  &c. 
And  why  not  from  ?  Were  they  not  fhip  wrecked,  as  is  evident  above,  in 
their  Return  from  her  ? 

-  Would  I  had  never 

Married  my  Daughter  there  I  for  comjng  tJicace,  Ue. 

Is 


jt  The   TEMPEST. 

Is  yours  and  my  difcharge 


Seb.  What  fluff  is  this  ?  how  fay  you  ? 
'Tis  true,  my  brother's  daughter's  Queen  of  Tunis, 
So  is  fhe  heir  of  Naples;  'twixt  which  regions 
There  is  fome  fpace* 

Ant.  A  fpace,  whofe  ev'ry  cubit 
Seems  to  cry  out,  how  fhall  that  Claribel 
Meafure  us  back  to  Naples  ?  Keep  in  Tunis, 
And  let  Sebaftian  wake.     Say,  this  were  death 
That  now  hath  feiz'd  them,  why,  they  were  no  worfe 
Than  now  they  are :  there  be,  that  can  rule  Naples, 
As  well  as  he  that  deeps  5  lords  that  can  prate 
As  amply,  and  unnecefTarily, 
As  this  Gonzalo  j  I  my  felf  could  make 
A  Chough  of  as  deep  chat.     O,  that  you  bore 
The  mind  that  I  do$  what  a  fleep  were  this 
For  your  advancement !  do  you  underftand  me  ? 
Seb.  Methinks,  I  do. 
Ant.  And  how  does  your  content 
Tender  your  own  good  fortune? 

Seb.  I  remember, 
You  did  fup plant  your  brother  Prq/pe'ro. 

Ant.  True: 
And,  look,  how  well  my  garments  fit  upon  me* 
Much  feater  than  before.     My  brother's  fervants 
Were  then  my  fellows,  now  they  are  my  men. 

Seb.  But,  for  your  confcience, 

Ant.  Ay,  Sir 5  where  lyes  that? 
If 'twere  a  kybe,  'twould  put  me  to  my  flipper: 
But  I  feel  not  this  deity  in  my  bofom. 
Ten  confciences,  that  ftand  'twixt  me  and  Milan, 
Candy'd  be  they,  and  melt,  e'er  they  moleft! 
Here  lyes  your  brother  ■ 
No  better  than  the  earth  he  lyes  upon, 
If  he  were  that  which  now  he's  like,  that's  dead  5 
Whom  I  with  this  obedient  fteel,  three  inches  of  it, 
Can  lay  to  bed  for  ever  :  you  doing  thus, 
To  the  perpetual  wink  for  ay  might  put 
This  ancient  Morfel,  this  Sir  Prudence,  who 
Should  not  upbraid  our  courfe.     For  all  the  reft, 

They'll 


^TEMPEST.  35 

^They'll  take  fuggeftion,  as  a1  car  laps  milk* 
They'll  tell  the  clock  to  any  bufinefs,  that, 
We  fay,  befits  the  hour. 

Seb.  Thy  cafe,  dear  friend, 
Shall  be  my  precedent :  as  thou  got'ft  Milan^ 
1*11  come  by  Naples.     Draw  thy  fword;  one  ftroke 
Shall  free  thee  from  the  tribute  which  thou  pay'ftj 
And  I  the  King  fhall  love  thee. 

Ant.  Draw  together: 
And  when  I  rear  my  hand,  do  you  the  like 
To  fall  it  on  Gonzalo. 

Seb.  O,  but  one  word.  *   ■■ 

Enter  Ariel,  with  Mufick  and  Song. 

Art.  My  matter  through  his  art  forefees  the  danger, 
That  you,  his  friend,  are  inj  and  fends  me  tarth 
(For  elfe  his  project  dies)  to  keep  them  living. 

[Sings  in  Gonzalo' s  Ear% 
While  you  here  do  fnoaring  lye9 
Open-ey'd  con/piracy 

His  time  doth  take  : 
If  of  life  you  keep  a  care^ 
Shake  offflumber  and  beware  ;     n 
Awake!  awake! 
Ant.  Then  let  us  both  be  fudden. 
Gon.  Now,  good  angels  preferve  the  King !  [they  wake. 
Alon.  Why,  how  now,  ho?  awake?   why  are  you 
drawn  ? 
Wherefore  this  ghaftly  looking? 
Gon.  What's  the  matter? 

Seb.  While  we  flood  here  fecuring  your  repore, 
Ev'n  now  we  heard  a  hollow  burft  of  bellowing 
Like  bulls,  or  rather  lions  5  did't  not  wake  you  ? 
It  ftrook  mine  ear  moil  terribly. 
Alon.  I  heard  nothing. 

Ant.  O,  'twas  a  drn  to  fright  a  monfler's  ear  $ 
To  make  an  earthquake :  fare,  it  was  the  roar 
Of  a  whole  herd  of  lions. 
Alon.  Heard  you  this  ? 

Vol.  I.  D  Gon. 


34         The  T  E  M  P  E  S  TV 

Gon.  Upon  my  honour,  Sir,  I  heard  a  humming, 
And  that  a  ftrange  one  too,  which  did  awake  me. 
I  fhak'd  you,  Sir,  and  cry'd  \  as  mine  eyes  open'd, 
I  faw  their  weapons  drawn:  there  was  a  noife, 
That's  verity.     'Tis  beft  we  fland  on  guard  > 
Or  that  we  quit  this  place :  let's  draw  our  weapons. 

Jlon,  Lead  off  this  ground,  and  let's  make  further 
fearch 
For  my  poor  fon. 

Gon.  Heav'ns  keep  him  from  thefe  beafts! 
For  he  is,  fure,  i'th'  ifland. 

jrflon.  Lead  away. 

Ari.  Profpero  my  lord  mail  know  what  I  have  done. 
So,  King,  go  fafely  on  to  feek  thy  fon.  [_Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  another  part  of  the  Ijland. 

Enter  Caliban  'with  a  burden  of  wood;  a  noife  of  thunder 

heard. 

Cal.     ALL  the  infections,  that  the  fun  fucks  up 

Jl\  From  bogs,  fens,  flats,  on  Profper  fall,  and 
make  him 
By  inch-meal  a  difeafe !  his  fpirits  hear  me, 
And  yet  I  needs  tnuft  curfe.     But  they'll  not  pinch, 
Fright  me  with  urchin  fhews,  pitch  me  i'th'  mire, 
Nor  lead  me,  like  a  fire-brand,  in  the  dark 
Out  of  my  way,  unlefs  he  bid  'em  3  but 
For  every  trifle  are  they  fet  upon  me.  , 
Sometimes  like  apes,  that  moe  and  chatter  at  me, 
And  after  bite  mej  then  like  hedge-hogs,  which 
Lye  tumbling  in  my  bare-foot  way,  and  mount 
Their  pricks  at  my  foot-fall  j  fometime  am  I         \ 
All  wound  with  adders,  who  with  cloven  tongues 
Do  hifs  me  into  madnefs.     Lo  !  now!  lo! 

Enter  Trinculo. 

Here  comes  a  fpi'rit  of  his,  and  to  torment  me 
For  bringing  wood  in  flowly,     I'll  fall  flat  5 
Perchance,  he  will  not  mind  me. 

8  tfrln. 


The  TEMPEST.  3; 

STr/tf.  Here's  neither  bufh  nor  fhrub  to  bear  off  any 
weather  at  all,  and  another  ftorm  brewing  5  I  hear  jc 
fing  i'th'  wind  :  yond  fame  black  cloud,  yond  huge 
one,  (16)  looks  like  a  foul  bumbard  that  would  fried 
his  liquor.  If  it  fhould  thunder  as  it  did  before,  I  know 
not  where  to  hide  my  head :  yond  fame  cloud  cannot 
chufe  but  fall  by  pailfuls— r  What  have  we  here,  a 
man  or  a  fifh  ?  dead  or  alive  ?  a  fifh  j  he  fmells  like 
a  fifh:  a  very  ancient  and  fifh-like  fmell.  A  kind  of, 
not  of  the  neweft,  Poor  John  :  a  flrange  fifh  !  Were 
I  in  England  now,  as  once  I  was,  and  had  but  this  fifh 
painted,  not  an  holyday-fool  there  but  would  give  a 
piece  of  filver.  There  would  this  monfter  make  a 
man  j  any  flrange  beaft there  makes  a  man  3  when  they 
will  not  give  a  doit  to  relieve  a  lame  beggar,  they 
will  lay  out  ten  to  fee  a  dead  Indian,  Legg'd  like  a 
man!  and  his  fins  like  arms  !  warm,  o' my  troth!  I 
do  now  let  loofe  my  opinion,  hold  it  no  longer,  this 
is  no  fifh,  but  an  Iflander  that  hath  lately  fuffer'd  by 
a  thunder-bolt.  Alas!  the  ftorm  is  come  again.  My 
beft  way  is  to  creep  under  his  gaberdine :  there  is  no 
other  fhelter  hereabout ;  mifery  acquaints  a  man  with 
flrange  bed-fellows  :  I  will  here  fhrowd,  'till  the  dregs 
of  the  ftorm  be  paft. 

Enter  Stephano,  fwging. 
Ste.  ljhall  no  more  tofea,  to  fea^  here  Jhall  I  die  a-Jhore. 

(16)  Looks  like  a  foul  Bumbard]    This  Term  again  occurs  in  the  ill 

Part  of  Henr.  IV. that  fvjoln  Par  cell  of  Dropfes,  that  huge  Bum-  ' 

bard  of  Sack and  again  in  Henr.  VIII.     And  here  you  lie  baiting  of 

Bumbards,  when  Ye  Jhould  do  Service.  By  thefe  feveral  PsfTages,  'tis 
plain,  the  Word  meant  in  thofe  days  a  large  Veffel  for  holding  Drink, 
as  well  as  the  piece  of  Ordnance  fo  call'd.  And,  I  think,  at  Oxford 
they  now  make  Ufe  of  a  Vehicle,  which  is  term'd  a  Gun  of  Ale.  Ben. 
jfonfn,  our  Author's  Contemporary,  likewife  employs  this  Word  Bum- 
hard  in  this  Senfe.  'The  poor  Cattle  yonder  are  pajfng  away  the  t'rme  with 
a  cheat  Loaf  and  a  Bumbard  of  broken  Beer,  &c.  See  his  Mafque  of 
Augur es.  And,  in  his  Tranflation  of  Horaces  Art  of  Poetry,  he  renders 
Projicit  Ampullas,   Cif  fefquipedalia  verba,, 

in  this  manner ;  -» muft  throw  h 

Their  bumbard  Phrafey  and  foot- an d-half foot  Words. 

D  2.  This 


3<?  The    TEMPEST. 

This  is  a  very  fcurvy  tune  to  fing  at  a  man's  funeral  j 
well,  here's  my  comfort.  [Drinks. 

Sings.  The  mafter9  the  fwabber9  the  boat  [wain  and  7, 
The  gunner,  and  his  ?nate9 
Lov'd  Mail,  Meg,  and  Marrian,  and  Margery, 
But  none  of  us  car'd  for  Kate  5 

For  Jhe  had  a  tongue  with  a  tangy 
Would  cry  to  afailor^  go  hang: 
She  lev' d  not  the  favour  of  tar  nor  of  pitchy 
let  a  t ay lor  might  [cratch  her9  where' e'er  jhe  did  itch. 

Then  to  fea9  boys9  and  let  her  go  hang. 
This  is  a  fcurvy  tune  too :  but  here's  my  comfort. 

[Drinks. 

Cal.  Do  not  torment  me,  oh ! 

Ste.  What's  the  matter?  have  we  devils  here?  do 
you  put  tricks  upon's  with  falvages,  and  men  oflnde? 
ha?  I  have  not  fcap'd  drowning,  to  be  afraid  now  of 
your  four  legs  j  for  it  hath  been  faid,  As  proper  a  man,- 
as  ever  went  upon  four  legs,  cannot  make  him  give 
ground  j  and  i$  ihall  be  faid  fo  again,  while  Stepham 
breathes  at  his  noftrils. 

Cal.  The  fpirit  torments  me 5  oh! 

Ste.  This  is  fome  monfler  of  the  Ifle,  with  four  legs, 
who  has  got,  as  I  take  it,  an  ague :  where  the  devil 
fhould  he  learn  our  language  ?  I  will  give  him  fome 
relief,  if  it  be  but  for  that:  if  I  can  recover  him,  and 
keep  him  tame,  and  get  to  Naples  with  him,  he's  a 
prefent  for  any  Emperor  that  ever  trod  on  neats- 
leather. 

Cal.  Do  not  torment  me,  pr'ythee>  I'll  bring  my 
wood  home  fader. 

Ste.  He's  in  his  fit  now  j  and  does  not  talk  after  the 
wiled  :  he  fhall  tafte  of  my  bottle.  If  he  never  drunk 
wine  afore,  it  will  go  near  to  remove  his  fit  5  if  I 
can  recover  him,  and  keep  him  tame,  I  will  not  take 
too  much  for  him ;  he  fhall  pay  for  him,  that  hath 
him,  and  that  foundly. 

Cal.  Thou  doft  me  yet  but  little  hurt}  thou  wilt 
anon,  I  know  it,  by  thy  trembling  :  now  Profper  works 
upon  thee. 

Ste, 


The   TEMPES  T.  57 

Ste.  Come  on  your  ways  >  open  your  mouth*  here  is 
that  which  will  give  language  to  you,  Cat  5  open  your 
mouthj  this  will  fhake  your  making,  I  can  tell  you, 
and  that  foundly  :  you  cannot  tell  who's  your  friend  > 
open  your  chaps  again. 

Trin.  I  mould  know  that  voice:  it  mould  be — 

but  he  is  drown'd  5   and  thefe  are  devils  5  O!   defend 
me, — 

Ste.  Four  legs  and  two  voices  *  a  moft  delicate  mon- 
fter !  (17)  his  forward  voice  now  is  to  fpeak  well  of 
his  friend  5  his  backward  voice  is  to  utter  foul  fpeeches, 
and  to  detract.  If  all  the  wine  in  my  bottle  will  re- 
cover him,  I  will  help  his  ague:  come!  Amen!  I  will 
pour  fome  in  thy  other  mouth. 

Trin.   StephanOy        ■    ■ 

Ste.  Doth  thy  other  mouth  call  me  ?  mercy !  mercy  I 
this  is  a  devil,  and  no  monfter :  I  will  leave  him  -,  I 
have  no  long  fpoon. 

■Trin.  Stephano  !  Ifthoubeeft  Stephana  touch  me,  and 
fpeak  to  me*  for  I  am  Trinculoy  be  r*ot  afraid,  thy 
good  friend  Trinculo. 

Ste.  Ifthoubeeft  Trinculo^  come  forth,  I'll  pull  thee 
by  the  lelTer  legs  :  if  any  be  Trinculo9 s  legs,  thefe  are 
they.  Thou  art  very  Trinculo.^  indeed  :  how  cam'ft. 
thou  to  be  the  fiege  of  this  moon-calf?  can  he  venc 
Trinculo9  s  ! 

Trin.  I  took  him  to  be  kill'd  with  a  thunder-ftroke : 
but  art  thou  not  drown'd,  Stephano?  I  hope  now,  thou 
art  not  drown'd :  is  the  ftorm  over-blown  ?  I  hid  me 
under  the  dead  moon- calf's  gaberdine,  for  fear  of  the 
ftorm :  and  art  thou  living,  Stephano  ?  Q  Stephano^  twa 
Neapolitans  fcap'd ! 

(17)  His  forward  Voice  nomj.  is  to  fpeak  well  of  his  Friend.^  The  fa- 
cetious Author  of  Hudibras  feems  to  have  had  this  Paffage  in  Eye,  in* 
one  Part  of  his  Defcriptiorji  of  Fame. 

Two  Trumpets  She  doth  found  at  once,. 

But  Both  of  clean  contrary  Tones, 

But  whether  both  with  the  fame  Wind, 

Or  one  before,  and  one  behind, 

We  know  not;  only  This  can  tell; 

The  •  nc  founds  vilely }  tW  other  kve/£ 

D  3  Sri. 


5  3  ^TEMPEST. 

Ste.  Pr'ythee,  do  not  turn  me  about,  my  ftomach  is 
not  conftant. 

Cal.  Thefe  be  fine  things,  an  if  they  be  not  fprights: 
that's  a  brave  god,  and  bears  celeftial  Jkjuor  :  I  will 
kneel  to  him. 

Ste.  How  didft  thou  fcape?  hdw  cam'ft  thou  hither? 
fwear,  by  this  bottle,  how  thou  cam'ft  hither:  I  efcap'd 
upon  a  butt  of  fack,  which  the  failors  heav'd  over-board, 
by  this  bottle !  which  I  made  of  the  bark  of  a  tree, 
with  mine  own  hands,  fince  I  was  caft  a-fhore. 

Cal.  I'll  fwear,  upon  that  bottle,  to  be  thy  true  fub- 
je&  -3  for  the  liquor  is  not  earthly. 

Ste.  Here:  fwear  then,  how  efcap'dft  thou? 

Trin.  Sworn  a-fhore,  man,  like  a  duck  5  I  can  fwim 
like  a  duck,  I'll  be  fworn. 

Ste.  Here,  kifs  the  book.  Though  thou  canft  fwitn 
like  a  chick,  thou  art  made  like  a  goofe. 

Trin    O  Stephano^  haft  any  more  of  this? 

Ste.  The  whole  butt,  man;  my  cellar  is  in  a  rock  by 
th'  fea-fide,  where  my  wine  is  hid.  How  now,  moon* 
calf,  how  does  thine  ague  ? 

Cal.  Haft  thou  not  dropt  from  heav'n  ? 

Ste.  Out  o'  th'  moon,  I  do  aflure  thee.  I  was  th< 
man  in  th'  moon,  when  time  was. 

Cal.  I  have  feen  thee  in  herj  and  I  do  adore  thee: 
my  miftrefs  fhew'd  me  thee,  and  thy  dog  and  thy 
bufh. 

Ste.  Come,  fwear  to  that  5  kifs  the  book  :  I  will  fur- 
nifh  it  anon  with  new  contents :  fwear. 

Trin.  By  this  good  light,  this  is  a  very  fhallow  mon- 
fter :  (18)  I  afraid  of  him?  a  very  ihaliow  monfter:  the 

(i£)   /afraid  of  him?  a  'very /hallow  monjler. ]    It  is  to   be  ob- 

ferv'd,  Trinculo  is  not  chargM  with  any  Fear  of  Caliban ;  and  therefore 
This  feems  to  come  in  abruptly  ;  bat  in  This  confifts  the  true  Humour. 
His  own  Confcioufnefs,  that  he  had  been  terribly  afraid  of  him,  after  the 
Fright  was  over,  drew  out  this  Bragg.  This  feems  to  be  one  of  Shake- 
fpcarez-  fine  Touches  of  Nature  :  for  that  Trinculo  had  been  horribly 
frighten'd  sit  the  Monfter,  and  (hook  with  Fear  of  him,  while  he  lay 
under  his  Gaberdine,  is  plain,  from  What  Caliban  fays,  while  he  is 
lving  there  ?  Thou  dofi  me  yet  but  little  Harm  j  thou  wilt  anon,  1  knoiu 
tj  thy  trembling. 

man 


7fe    TEMPEST.  35) 

man  i* th*  moon? — a  moft  poor  credulous  monfter: 
well  drawn,  monfter,  in  good  footh. 

Cal.  1*11  fhew  thee  every  fertile  inch  o'  th'Ifle,  and 
I  will  kifs  thy  foot:  I  pr'ythee,  be  my  god. 

Trin.  By  this  light,  a  molt  perfidious  and  drunken 
monfter  j  when  his  god's  afleep,  he'll  rob  his  bottle. 

Cal  I'll  kifs  thy  foot.    I'll  (wear  my  felf  thy  fubjeft. 

Ste.  Come  on  then  j  down,  and  fwear. 

Trin.  I  fhall  laugh  my  felf  to  death  at  this  puppy- 
headed  monfter :  a  moft  fcurvy  monfter !  I  could  find 
in  my  heart  to  beat  him  ■■ 

Ste.  Come,  kifs. 

Trin.  —  But  that  the  poor  monfter's  in  drink  :  an  a- 
bominable  monfter! 

Cal  I'll  fhew  thee  the  beft  fpringsj  I'll  pluck  thee 
berries, 
I'll  fifli  for  thee,  and  get  thee  wood  enough. 
A  plague  upon  the  tyrant  that  I  ferve! 
I'll  bear  him  no  more  flicks,  but  follow  thee, 
Thou  wond'rous  man. 

Trin.  A  moft  ridiculous  monfter,  to  make  a  wonder 
of  a  poor  drunkard. 

Cal  I  pry'thee,  let  me  bring  thee  where  crabs  grow  y 
And  I  with  my  long  nails  will  dig  thee  pig-nuts  > 
Shew  thee  a  jay's  neft,  and  inftruft  thee  how 
To  fnare  the  nimble  marmazetj  I'll  bring  thee 
To  cluft'ring  filberds,  and  fometimes  I'll  get  thee 
(ip)  Young  Shamois  from  the  rock.  Wilt  thou  go  with 
me? 

Ste.  I  pr'ythee  now,  lead  the  way  without  any  more 

(19)  Young  Scamels  from  the  Rock.~]  I  can  no  where  elfe  meet  with 
fuch  a  Word  as  S  came  I,  which  has  poflefs'd  all  the  Editions.  Shakespeare 
mud  certainly  either  have  wrote  Shamois  (as  Mr.  Warhurton  and  I  have 
both  conjettur'd)  i.  e.  young  Kids :  or  Sea-malls.  The  Sea-mall,  or  Sea- 
melly  or  Sea-mew  (according  to  Witlougbby,)  is  that  Bird,  which  is  call'd 
Larus  cinereus  ?ninor ;  it  feeds  upon  Fifh,  and  frequents  the  Banks  of 
Lakes.  It  is  not  impoffible,  but  our  Poet  might  here  intend  this  Bird. 
Or,  again,  (and  which  comes  near  to  Scamel,  in  the  Traces  of  the  Let- 
ters.) Ray  tells  us  of  another  Bird,  calPd  the  Stannel,  (the  fame  with  the 
Tinnunculus  among  the  Latins,  and  y^yyeU  amongft  the  Greeks;)  of  the 
Hanvk  Species.  It  is  no  Matter  which  of  the  three  Readings  we  embrace, 
to  we  take  a  Word  fignifying  the  Name  of  fomething  in  Nature. 

D  4  talking 


4o         ^TEMPEST. 

talking,     frinculo^  the  King  and  all  our  company  elfe 

being  drown'd,  we  will  inherit  here.     Here,  bear  my 

bottle  j  fellow  Trinculo,  we'll  fill  him  by  and  by  again. 

Cal.    [Sings  drunkenlyJ]     Farewel,  mafter ;    farewel% 

farewcL 
frin.  A  howling  monfter  j  a  drunken  m.onfter, 
CaL  No  more  dams  Vll  make  for  fijhy 
Nor  fetch  in  firing  at  requiring^ 
Nor  fcrape  trencher ,  nor  wajh  dijh^ 
Barf  Ban\  Cacalyban 
Has  a  new  mafter ,  get  a  new  man. 
Freedom,  hey-day !  hey-day,  freedom !  freedom,  hey- 
day, freedom  ! 
Ste.  O  brave  monfter,  lead  the  way.  [Exeunt.. 


ACT      III. 

SCENE,  before  ProfperoV  Cell 

Enter  Ferdinand,  bearing  a  log. 

Ferdinand. 

THERE  be   fome  fports  are  painful,  but  tfyeir 
labour 
Delight  in  them  fets  off:  fome  kinds  of  bafenefs 
Are  nobly  undergone,  and  moft  poor  matters 
Point  to  rich  ends.     This  my  mean  task  wou'd  be 
As  heavy  to  me,  as  'tis  odious :  but 
The  miftrefs,  which  I  ferve,  quickens  what's  dead,' 
And  makes  my  labours  pleafures  :  O,  ihe  is 
Ten  times  more  gentle,  than  her  father's  crabbed  -r 
And  he's  compos'd  of  harfhnefs.     I  mull  move 
Some  thoufands  of  thefe  logs,  and  pile  them  up, 
Upon  a  fore  injunction.     My  fweet  miftrefs 
We?ps,  when  ihefees  me  work,  and  fays,  fuch  bafenefs 
Had  ne'er  like  executerj   I  forget  y 

Bui 


The    T  E  M  P  E  S  T.  41 

But  thefe  fweet  thoughts  do  ev'n  refrefh  my  labotir, 
Moll  bufie-lefs,  when  I  do  it.  (zo) 

Enter  Miranda  $  and  Profpero,  at  a  difiance  unfeen. 

Mira.  Alas,  now  pray  you, 
Work  not  fo  hard  j  I  would  the  lightning  had 
Burn't  up  thofe  logs,  that  thou'rt  enjoin'd  to  pile: 
Pray,  fet  it  down  and  reft  you  5  when  this  burns, 
'Twill  weep  for  having  wearied  you :  my  father 
Is  hard  at  ftudy  5  pray  now,  reft  your  felf s 
He's  fafe  for  thefe  three  hours. 

Fer.  O  moft  dear  miftrefs, 
The  fun  will  fet,  before  I  fliall  difcharge 
What  I  muft  ftrive  to  do. 

Mira.  If  you'll  fit  down, 
I'll  bear  your  logs  the  while.     Pray  give  me  that, 
I'll  carry't  to  the  pile. 

Fer.  No,  precious  creature, 
I'ad  rather  crack  my  finews,  break  my  back, 
Than  you  fhould  fuch  diihonour  undergo, 
While  I  fit  lazy  by. 

Mira.  It  would  become  me, 
As  well  as  it  does  you  5  and  I  fliould  do  it 
With  much  more  eafej  for  my  good  will  is  to  it,  - 
And  yours  it  is  againft. 

Pro.  Poor  worm  !  thou  art  infe&ed  5 
This  vifitation  mews  it. 

Mira.  You  look  wearily. 

Fer.  No,  noble  miftrefs  5  'tis  frefti  morning  with  me, 
When  you  are  by  at  night.     I  do  befeech  you, 
(Chiefly  that  I  might  fet  it  in  my  prayers) 
What  is  your  name  ? 

(20)  Leaft  bufie  when  I  do  it!]  This  Reading,  I^prefume,  to  be  Mr. 
Pope's;  for  I  do  not  find  it  authored  by  the  Copies :  The  two  firft  Folio  % 
read; 

Moft  bufy  leaft,  when  I  do  it. 

'Tis  true,  this  Reading  is  corrupt ;  but  the  Corruption  is  fo  very  little  re- 
mov'd  from  the  Truth  of  the  Text,  that  I  can't  afford  to  think  well  of  my 
own  Sagacity  for  having  difcover'd  it, 

Mira* 


4i  The   T  E  M  P  E  S  T. 

Mir  a.  Miranda.     O  my  father, 
I've  broke  your  heft  to  fay  fo. 

Fer.  Admir'd  Miranda, ! 
Indeed,  the  top  of  adrnirationj  worth 
What's  deareft  to  the  world  !   full  many  a  lady 
I've  ey'd  with  beft  regard,  and  many  a  time 
Th'  harmony  of  their  tongues  hath  into  bondage 
Brought  my  too  diligent  ear*  for  feveral  virtues 
Have  I  lik'd  fev'ral  women,  never  any 
With  fo  full  foul,  but  fome  defect  in  her 
Did  quarrel  with  the  nobleft  grace  fhe  ow'd, 
And  put  it  to  the  foil.     But  you,  O  you, 
So  perfect,  and  fo  peerlefs,  are  created 
Of  every  creature's  beft. 

Mir  a.  I  do  not  know 
One  of  my  fex  >  no  woman's  face  remember, 
Save  from  my  glafs  mine  own>  nor  have  I  feen 
More  that  I  may  call  men,  than  you,  good  friend, 
And  my  dear  father  >  how  features  are  abroad, 
I'm  skillefs  of  •>  but,  by  mv  modefty, 
(The  jewel  in  my  dower)  I  would  not  wifti 
Any  companion  in  the  world  but  you  j 
Nor  can  imagination  form  a  fhape, 
Befides  your  ielf,  to  like  of.     But  I  prattle 
Something  too  wildly,  and  my  father's  precepts 
I  therein  do  forget. 

Fer.  I  am,  in  my  condition, 
A  Prince,  Miranda;  I  do  think,  a  King} 
(I  would,  not  fo  !)  and  would  no  more  endure 
This  wooden  flavery,  than  I  would  iuffer 
The  flefh-flie  blow  my  mouth.     Hear  my  foul  fpeak  5 
The  very  inftant  that  I  faw  you,  did 
My  heart  fly  to  your  fervice,  there  refides 
To  make  me  flave  to  it,  and  for  your  fake 
Am  I  this  patient  log-man. 

MiraL  Do  you  love  me? 

Fer.  O  heav'n,  O  earth,  bear  witnefs  to  this  found, 
A.nd  crown  what  I  profefs  with  kind  event. 

If 


^TEMPEST.  43 

If  Ifpeaktruej  if  hollowly,  invert 
What  belt  is  boaded  me,  to  mifchief !  I, 
Beyond  all  limit  of  what  elfe  i'  th*  world, 
Do  love,  prize,  honour  you. 

Mir  a.  I  am  a  fool, 
To  weep  at  what  I'm  glad  of. 

Pro.  Fair  encounter 
Of  two  raoft  rare  affections!  heavens  rain  grace. 
On  that  which  breeds  between  'em ! 

Fer.  Wherefore  weep  you? 

Mira.  At  mine  unworthinefs,  that  dare  not  offer. 
What  I  defire  to  give*  and  much  lefs  take, 
What  I  fhall  die  to  want:  but  this  is  triflings 
And  all  the  more  it  feeks  to  hide  it  felf, 
The  bigger  bulk  it  fhews.     Hence,  bafhful  cunning, 
And  prompt  me  plain  and  holy  innocence. 
I  am  your  wife,  if  you  will  marry  mej 
If  not,  I'll  die  your  maid :  to  be  your  fellow 
You  may  deny  me  $  but  I'll  be  your  fervant, 
Whether  you  will  or  no. 

Fer.  My  miftrefs,  deareft, 
And  I  thus  humble  ever. 

Mira.  My  husband  then? 

Fer.  Ay,  with  a  heart  as  willing 
As  bondage  e'er  of  freedom  j  here's  my  hand. 

Mira.  And  mine,  with  my  heart  in't$  and  now  fare- 
wel, 
Till  half  an  hour  hence. 

Fer.  A  thoufand,  thoufand.  [Exeunt* 

Pro.  So  glad  of  this  as  they,  I  cannot  be, 
Who  are  furpriz'd  withal  5  but  my  rejoicing 
At  nothing  can  be  more.     I'll  to  my  book  y 
For  yet,  ere  fupper-time  muft  I  perform 
Much  bufinefs  appertaining.  [Exit. 

SCENE 


44  ^TEMPEST. 

SCENE  changes  to  another  fart  of  the  IJland. 

Enter  Caliban,  Stcphano  and  Trinculo. 

Ste.  *Tp  ELL  not  me $  when  the  butt  is  out,  we  will 
L  drink  water,  not  a  drop  before  5  therefore 
bear  up,  and  board  'em,  fervant-monfter(zi)$  drink  to 
me. 

tfrin.  Servant  -monfter!  the  folly  of  this  Ifland! 
they  fay,  there's  but  five  upon  this  Iflej  we  are  three 
of  them,  if  the  other  two  be  brain'd  like  us,  the  ftate 
totters. 

Ste.  Drink,  fervant-monfter,  when  I  bid  theej  thy 
eyes  are  almoft  fet  in  thy  head. 

Trin.  Where  fhould  they  be  fet  elfe  ?  he  were  a  brave 
monfter  indeed,  if  they  were  fet  in  his  tail. 

Ste.  My  man-monfter  hath  drown'd  his  tongue  in 
fack  :  for  my  part,  the  fea  cannot  drown  me.  I  fwam, 
ere  I  could  recover  the  fliore,  five  and  thirty  leagues, 
off  and  on  5  by  this  light,  thou  lhalt  be  my  lieutenant,, 
monfter,  or  my  ftandard. 

ftin.  Your  lieutenant,  if  you  lift*  he's  no  ftandard. 

(21)  Servant- Monfter. ]  The  Part  of  Caliban  has  been  efteem'd  a  fignal 
Inftance  of  the  Copioufnefs  of  Shakefpeare\  Invention ;  and  that  he  had 
(hewn  an  Extent  of  Genius,  in  creating  a  Perfon  which  was  not  in  Nature. 
And  for  this,  as  well  as  his  other  magical  and  ideal  Characters,  a  juft  Ad~ 
miration  has  been  paid  him.  I  can't  help  taking  notice,  on  this  Occafion, 
of  the  Virulence  of  Ben.  Jon/on,  who,  in  the  Induction  to  his  Bartlemeiv 
Fair,  has  endeavoured  to  throw  Dirt,  not  only  at  this  fingle  Character, 
but  at  this  whole  Play.  "  H  there  be  never  a  Servant  Monfter  in  the 
'*  Fair,  who  can  help  it,  (he  fays,)  nor  a  Nell  of  Anticks  ?  He  is  loth  to 
"  make  Nature  afraid  in  his  Plays,  like  Thofe  that  beget  Tales,  Tempers, 
"  and  fuch  like  Drolleries,  to  mix  his  Head  with  other  Mens  Heels." 
Sbakefpeare,  as  the  Tradition  runs,  was  the  Perfon  who  firft  brought  Jon- 
fon  upon  the  Stage;  and  this  is  the  Stab  we  find  given  in  Requital  for  fuch 
a  Service,  when  his  Benefactor  was  retreated  from  the  Scene.  A  Circum- 
ftance,  that  ftrangely  aggravates  the  Ingratitude.  But  this  furly  Saucinefs 
was  familiar  with  Ben ;  when  the  Fublick  were  ever  out  of  Humour  at  his 
Performances,  he  would  revenge  it  on  them,  by  being  out  of  Humour 

with  thofe  Pieces  which  had  belt  pleas'd  them. 1*11  only  add,  that 

his  Conduft  in  This  was  very  contradictory  to  his  cooler  ProfeJ/jons,  "  that 
"  if  Men  would  impartially  look  towards  the  Offices  and  Functions  of  a 
"  Poet,  they  would  eafily  conclude  to  themfelves  the  Impojpbility  of  any 
*'  Man's  being  the  good  Poet,  without  firft  being  zgood  Man. 

Ste. 


the   TEMPEST.  45 

Ste.  We'll  not  run,  monfieur  monfter. 

Trin,  Nor  go  neither :  but  you'll  lie  like  dogs,  and 
yet  fay  nothing  neither. 

Ste.  Moon-calf,  fpeak  once  in  thy  life,  if  thou  beefl: 
a  good  moon-calf. 

CaL  How  does  thy  honour?  let  me  lick  thy  fhoe> 
I'll  not  ferve  him,  he  is  not  valiant. 

Trin.  Thoulieft,  moft  ignorant  monfter,  I  am  in  cafe 
to  juftle  a  conftable*  why,  thou  debofh'd  fifh  thou, 
was  there  ever  man  a  coward  that  hath  drunk  fo  much 
fack  as  I  to-day  ?  wilt  thou  tell  a  monftrous  lie,  being 
but  half  a  fifh,  and  half  a  monfter? 

CaL  Lo,  how  he  mocks  me :  wilt  thou  let  him,  my 
lord  ? 

Trin.  Lord,  quoth  he !  that  a  monfter  fhould  be  fuch 
a  natural ! 

CaL  Lo,  lo,  again  5  bite  him  to  death,  I  pr'ythee. 

Ste.  Trincuh)  keep  a  good  tongue  in  your  head  >  if 
you  prove  a  mutineer,   the  next  tree-  the  poor 

monfter's  my  fubjccl,  and  he  fhall  not  fuffer  indignity. 

CaL  I  thank  my  noble  lord.  Wilt  thou  be  pleas'd  to 
hearken  once  again  to  the  fuit  I  made  to  thee  ? 

Ste.  Marry,  will  Ij  kneel  and  repeat  it  5  I  will  ftand, 
and  fo  fhall  Trinculo. 

Enter  Ariel  invifible. 

CaL  As  I  told  thee  before,  I  am  fubjeft  to  a  tyrant, 
a  forcerer,  that  by  his  cunning  hath  cheated  me  of  the 
Ifland. 

Ari.  Thou  Heft. 

CaL  Thoulieft,  thou  jefting  monkey,  thou; 
I  would,  my  valiant  mafter  would  deftroy  thee* 
I  do  not  lie. 

Ste.  Trinculo,  if  you  trouble  him  any  more  in's  tale, 
by  this  hand,  I  will  fupplant  fome  of  your  teeth* 

Trin.  Why,  I  faid  nothing. 

Ste.  Mum  then,  and  no  more ;  proceed. 

CaL  I  fay,  by  forcery  he  got  this  ifle  j 
From  me  he  got  it.     If  thy  greatnefs  will 
Revenge  it  on  him,  (for,  I  know,  thou  dar'ft, 
But  this  thing  dare  not.  — — •)  Ste. 


■0  The   TEMPEST. 

Ste.  That's  moft  certain. 

Cal.  Thou  {halt  be  lord  of  it,  and  I'll  ferve  thee^ 

Ste.  How  now  fhall  this  be  compaft?  canft  thou 
bring  me  to  the  party  ? 

Cal.  Yea,  yea,  my  lord,  I'll  yield  him  thee  afleep, 
Where  thou  may'ft  knock  a  nail  into  his  head. 

Ari.  Thou  lied,  thou  canft  not. 

Cal.  Whatapy'd  ninny's  this?  thou  fcurvy  patch ! 
I  do  bcfeech  thy  greatnefs,  give  him  blows, 
And  take  his  bottle  from  him  j  when  that's  gone, 
He  fhall  drink  nought  but  brine,  for  I'll  not  fhew  hii 
"Where  the  quick  frefhes  are. 

Ste.  2rincuIo9  run  into  no  further  danger :  interrupt 
the  monfter  one  word  further,  and,  by  this  hand,  I'll 
turn  my  mercy  out  of  doors,  and  make  a  ftock-fifh  of 
thee. 

Tritt.  Why,  what  did  I?  I  did  nothing  j  I'll  go  fur- 
ther off. 

Ste.  Didft  thou  not  fay,  he  ly'd  ? 

uiri.  Thou  lieft. 

Ste.  Do  I  fo  ?  take  you  that.  {Beats  him. 

As  you  like  this,  give  me  the  lie  another  time. 

Trin.  I  did  not  give  thee  the  He  $  out  o'your  wits, 
and  hearing  too  ?  A  pox  o'  your  bottle !  this  can  fack 
and  drinking  do.  A  murrain  on  your  monfter,  and 
the  devil  take  your  fingers. 

Cal.  Ha,  ha,  ha. 

Ste.  Now,  forward  with  your  tale  j  pr'ythee,  ftand 
further  off. 

Cal.  Beat  him  enoughs  after  a  little  time 
I'll  beat  him  too. 

Ste.  Stand  further.     Come,  proceed. 

CaL  Why,  as  I  told  thee,  'tis  a  cuftom  with  him 
I'th'  afternoon  to  fleep>  there  thou  may'ft  brain  him, 
Having  firft  feiz'd  his  books :  or  with  a  log 
Batter  his  skull,  or  paunch  him  with  a  ftake, 
Or  cut  his  wezand  with  thy  knife.     Remember, 
Firft  to  poffefs  his  books  j  for  without  them 
He's  but  a  fot,  as  I  am  5  nor  hath  not 
One  fpitit  to  command.     Thev  all  do  hate  him, 

As 


TfeTEMPEST.    .      47 

As  rootedly  as  I.     Burn  but  his  books; 
He  has  brave  utenfils,  (for  fo  he  calls  them,) 
Which,  when  he  has  an  houfe,  he'll  deck  withal. 
And  that  moft  deeply  to  confider,  is 
The  beauty  of  his  Daughter;  he  himfelf 
Calls  her  a  non-pareil :  I  ne'er  faw  woman, 
But  only  Sycorax  my  dam,  and  fhe  : 
But  llxe  as  far  furpaffes  Sycorax, 
Asgreatefl  does  the  leaft. 

Ste.  Is  it  fo  brave  a  lafs  ? 

Cal.  Ay,  lord ;  fhe  will  become  thy  bed,  I  warrant, 
And  bring  thee  forth  brave  brood. 

Ste.  Monfter,  I  will  kill  this  man :  his  daughter  and 
I  will  be  King  and  Queen,  fave  our  Graces :  and  Trin- 
culo  and  thy  felf  fhall  be  Vice-Roys.  Doft  thou  like 
the  plot,  Trinculo  ? 

Trin.  Excellent. 

Ste.  Give  me  thy  hand  j  I  am  forry,  I  beat  thee :  but, 
while  thou  liv'ft,  keep  a  good  tongue  in  thy  head. 

Cal.  Within  this  half  hour  will  he  be  afleep^ 
Wilt  thou  deftroy  him  then? 

Ste.  Ay,  on  my  honour. 

Ari.  This  will  I  tell  my  mafter. 

Cal.  Thou  mak'ft  me  merry ;  I  am  full  of  pleafure; 
Let  us  be  jocund.     Will  you  troul  the  catch, 
You  taught  me  but  while-ere  ? 

Ste.  At  thy  requeft,  monfter,  I  will  do  reafon,  any 
reafon :  come  on,  Trinculo^  let  us  fing.  [.Sings. 

Flout  Vw,  and  shut  *em$  and  shut  'em,  and  flout  em$ 
thought  is  free. 

Cal.  That's  not  the  tune: 

[Ariel  plays  the  Tune  on  a  Tabor  and  Pipe. 

Ste.  What  is  this  fame? 

Trin.  This  is  the  tune  of  our  catch,  plaid  by  the  pic- 
ture of  no-body. 

Ste.  If  thou  be'ft  a  man,  fhew  thy  felf  in  thy  likenefs ; 
if  thou  be'ft  a  devil,  take't  as  thou  lift. 
Trin.  O,  forgive  me  my  fins ! 

Ste.  He  that  dies,  pays  all  debts :  I  defie  thee.  Mer- 
cy upon  us ! 

Cal. 


48  The    T  E  U  P  E  S  T. 

Cat.  Art  thou  afraid? 

Ste.  No,  monfter,  not  I. 

Cat.  Be  not  afraid  3  the  ifle  is  full  of  noifes, 
Sounds,  and  fweet  airs,  that  give  delight,  and  hurt  not. 
Sometimes  a  thoufand  twanging  inftruments 
Will  hum  about  mine  ears,  and  fometimes  voices  \ 
That,  if  I  then  had  wak'd  after  long  fleep, 
Will  make  me  fleep  again  >  and  then  in  dreaming, 
The  clouds,  methought,  would  open,  and  {hew  riches 
Ready  to  drop  upon  mej  that  when  I  wak'd, 
1  cry'd  to  dream  again. 

Ste.  This  will  prove  a  brave  kingdom  to  me,  where 
I  fhall  have  my  mufick  for  nothing. 

Cat.  When  Profpero  is  deftroy'd. 

Ste.  That  fhall  be  by  and  by  :    I  remember  the  ftory. 

TWff.  The  found  is  going  awayj  let's  follow  it,  arid 
after  do  our  work. 

Ste.  Lead,  monfter*  we'll  follow.    I  would  I  could 
fee  this  taborer.     He  lays  it  on. 

trin.  Wilt  come  ?  I'll  follow  Stephano.         [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  another  Tart  of  the 

IJland. 

Enter  Alonfo,  Sebaftian,  Anthonio,  Gonzalo,  Adrian, 

Francifco,  &c. 

Gon.  T)Y'R  lakin,  I  can  go  no  further,  Sir, 

-O  My  old  bones  ake ;  here's  a  maze  trod,  indeed, 
Through  forth-rights  and  meanders !  by  your  patience, 
I  needs  mud  reft  me. 
9*  Alon.  Old  lord,  I  cannot  blame  thee, 
Who  am  my  felf  attach'd  with  wearinefs, 
To  th'  dulling  of  my  fpirits :  fit  down  and  reft* 
Ev'n  here  I  will  put  off  my  hope,  and  keep  it 
No  longer  for  my  flatterer  :  he  is  drown'd, 
Whom  thus  we  ftray  to  find,  and  thefea  mocks 
Our  fruftrate  fearch  on  land.    Well,  let  him  go. 
Ant.  I  am  right  glad  that  he's  fo  out  of  hope. 
Do  not,  for  one  repulfe,  forego  the  purpofe 
That  you  refolv'd  t'effeft.  Set. 


^TEMPEST,  4P 

Seb.  The  next  advantage 
Will  we  take  throughly. 

Ant.  Let  it  be  to  night  5 
For,  now  they  are  opprefs'd  with  travel,  they 
Will  not,  nor  cannot,  ufe  fuch  vigilance, 
As  when  they're  freih. 

Seb.  I  fay,  to  night :  no  more. 

Solemn  and  ft range  mufick  •>  and  Profpero  on  the  top^  i'nvi* 
fible.  Enter  feveral  ftrange  JhapeS)  bringing  in  a  banquet  5 
and  dance  about  it  with  gentle  actions  of  falutation  >  and^ 
inviting  the  King^  &c.  to  eat^  they  depart. 

,  Alon.  What  harmony  is  this?  my  good  friends,  hark! 

Gon.  Marvellous  fweet  mufick  ! 

Alon.  Give  us  kind  keepers,  heaven  5  what  were  thefe  ? 

Seb.  A  living  drollery.     Now  I  will  believe, 
That  there  are  unicorns  3  that,  in  Arabia 
There  is  one  tree,  the  phoenix'  throne  5  one  phcenix 
At  this  hour  reigning  there. 

Ant.  I'll  believe  both  : 
And  what  does  elfe  want  credit,  come  to  me, 
And  I'll  be  fworn  'tis  true.     Travellers  ne'er  did  lie5 
Though  fools  at  home  condemn  'em. 

Gon.  If  in  Naples 
I  mould  report  this  now,  would  they  believe  me  ? 
If  I  mould  fay,  I  faw  fuch  iflanders : 
(For,  certes,  thefe  are  people  of  the  ifland) 
Who  tho'  they  are  of  monftrous  fhape,  yet,  note, 
Their  manners  are  more  gentle- kind,  than  of 
Our  human  generation  you  {hall  find 
Many  $  nay,  almoft  any. 

Pro.  Honeft  lord, 
Thou  haft  faid  well  $  for  fome  of  you  there  prefent 
Are  worfe  than  devils. 

Alon.  I  cannot  too  much  mufe, 
Such  fhapes,  fuch  gefture,  and  fuch  found,  expreffing 
(Although  they  want  the  ufe  of  tongue)  a  kind 
Of  excellent  dumb  difcourfe. 

Pro.  Praife,  in  departing. • 

Fran.  They  vanifh'd  ftrangely. 

Vol.  I.  E  Seb. 


5o  ^TEMPEST. 

Seb.  No  matter,  fince 
They've  left  their  viands  behind  5  for  we  have  ftomachs. 
Will't  pleafe  you  taite  of  what  is  here  ? 

Alon.  Not  I. 

Gon.  Faith,  Sir,  you  need  not  fear.  When  we  wereboys^ 
Who  would  believe,  that  there  were  mountaineers, 
Dew-lapt  like  bulls,  whofe  throats  had  hanging  at  'em 
Wallets  of  flefh,  or  that  there  were  fuch  men, 
Whofe  heads  flood  in  their  breafts?  which  now  we  find, 
Each  putter  out  on  five  for  one  will  bring  us  (12) 
Good  warrant  of. 

Alon. 

(22)  Each  Putter  cut  of  Five  for  One- ]  By  the  Variation  of  a 

fingle  Letter,  I  think,  I  have  fet  the  Text  right;  and  will  therefore  now 
proceed  to  explain  it.  I  freely  confefs,  that  I  once  underflood  thisPaflage 
taus ;  that  every  five  Travellers  (or  Putters  out)  did  bring  authentick 
Confirmation  of  thefe  Stories,  for  one  that  pretended  to  difpute  the  Truth 
cf  them :  But  communicating  my  Senfe  of  the  Place  to  Two  ingenious 
Friends,  I  found,  I  was  not  at  the  Bottom  of  the  Meaning.  Mr.  War- 
hurton  obferv'd  to  me,  that  this  was  a  fine  Piece  of  conceal'd  Satire  on  the 
Voyagers  of  that  Time,  who  had  juft  difcover'd  a  new  World ;  and,  as 
was  very  natural,  grew  moll  extravagant  in  difplaying  the  Wonders  of  it. 
That,  particularly,  by  Each  Putter  out  of  Five  for  One,  was  meant  the 
Adventurers  in  theDifcovery  of  the  Weft  Indies,  who  had  for  the  Money 
they  advanced  and  contributed,  20  per  Cent. — -  Dr.  Thirlby  did  not  a  lit- 
tle afiifi  this  Explanation  by  his  Concurrence,  and  by  inftructing  me,  that 
ic  was  ufual  in  thofe  Times  for  Travellers  to  put  out  Money,  to  receive  a 
greater  Sum  if  they  liv'd  to  return ;  and,  for  Proof,  he  referr'd  me  toM?- 
rifons  Itinerary,  Part  I.  p.  198,  &c.  I  cannot  return  my  Friends  better 
Thanks  for  the  Light  they  have  given  me  upon  this  PafTage,  than  by  fub- 
joining  aTeftimony  from  a  contemporary  Poet,  that  will  put  both  their  Ex- 
planation, and  my  Correction  of  the  Text,  pall  difpute. 

B.  Jonfons  Every  Man  out  of  his  Humour,  in  the  Character  of  Pun~ 
tarvolo. 

I  do  intend,  this  Year  of  Jubilee  coming  on,  to  travel:  And  [becaufe  I 
•wilt  not  altogether  go  upon  Expence,)  I  am  determined  to  put  forth  fome 
five  ihoufand  pound,  to  he  paid  me  five  for  one,  upon  the  Return  of  my  felf 
my  Wife,  and  my  Dog,  from  the  TurkV  Court  in  Conltantinople.  If  All, 
cr  Either  of  Us  mi /carry  in  the  Journey,  "'tis  gone ',  if  We  he  fuccefsful,  nvhy, 
there  ncill  be  five  and  twenty  thoufand  Pounds  to  entertain  Time  ivi thai. 

If  this  was  to  be  the  Return  of  the  Knighfs  Venture ;  'tis  obvious,  he 
put  out  his  Money  on  five  for  one.  Ben.  to  heighten  the  Ridicule  of  thefe 
projecting  Voyagers,  makes  Puntarvalos  Wife  averfe  to  accompany  him; 
2nd  fb  he  is  forc'd  to  put  out  his  Venture  on  the  Return  of  himfelf,  his 
Dog,  and  his  Cat. Let  me  conclude  with  obferving  on  the  different  Con- 
duct of  the  Two  Poets.  Shakefpeare  (perhaps,  out  of  a  particular  Befe- 
ruacfc  fortirW.  Raleigh)  onlymeers  thele  adventurous  Voyagers  obliquely, 

and. 


The  T  E  M  P  E  S  T.  51 

Alon.  I  will  ftand  to,  and  feed, 
Although  my  laftj  no  matter,  fkce  I  feel 
The  belt  is  paft.    Brother,  my  lord  the  Duke, 
Stand  to,  and  do  as  we. 

thunder  and^  lightning.     Enter  Ariel  like  a  harpy ,  clap* 
his  wings  upon  the  table,   and  with  a  queint 
device  the  banquet  vanijhes. 
Ari.  You  are  three  men  of  fin,  whom  deftiny 
(That  hath  to  inftrument  this  lower  world, 
And  what  is  in't)  the  never-furfeited  fea 
Hath  caufed  to  belch  up>  and  on  this  Ifland  (23) 
Where  man  doth  not  inhabit,  you  'mongft  men 
Being  moft  unfit  to  live.     I  have  made  you  mad  -> 
And  ev'n  with  fuch  like  valour  men  hang  and  drown 
Their  proper  felves.     You  fools !  I  and  my  fellows 
Are  minifters  of  fate  5  the  elements, 
Of  whom  your  fwords  are  temper'd,  may  as  well 
Wound  the  loud  winds,  or  with  bemockt-at  flabs 
Kill  the  ftill-clofing  waters,  as  diminifh 
One  down  that's  in  my  plume :  my  fellow-minifters 
Are  like  invulnerable.     If  you  could  hurt, 
Your  fwords  are  now  too  maffie  for  your  ftrengths, 
And.  will  not  be  up-lifted.    But  remember, 
(For  that's  my  bufinefs  to  you)  that  you  three 
From  Milan  did  fupplant  good  Profpero: 
Expos'd  unto  the  fea  (which  hath  requit  it) 
Him,  and  his  innocent  child :  for  which  foul  deed 
The  powers  delaying,  not  forgetting,  have 
Incens'd  the  feas  and  fhores,  yea,  all  the  creatures, 
Againft  your  peace :  thee  of  thy  fon,  Alonfa 
They  have  bereft}  and  do  pronounce  by  me, 
Ling'ring  perdition,  worfe  than  any  death 

and,  as  it  were,  en  paffant :  The  furly  Ben,  who  would  be  tyed  up  by  no 
fuch  fcrupulous  Regards,  drefles  up  the  Fafhion  in  the  moft  glaring  Co- 
lours of  Comic  Humour-,  or,  rather,  brings  down  hk  Satire  to  the  Level  of 
farcical  Ridicule.  t 

^  (23)  Hath  cam  d to  helcb  you  up  {]  Thus,  the  whole  Set  o  f  Editions;  bu 
tis  obvious  to  every  Reader,  that  the  Grammar's  faulty  ;  and  therefore  I 
save  cur'd  it  by  throwing  out  you. 

E  z  Can 


yi  The  T  E  M  P  E  S  T. 

Can  be  at  once,  (hall  ftep  by  ftep  attend 
You  and  your  ways  >  whofe  wrath  to  guard  you  from, 
(Which  here  in  this  rnoft  defolate  Ifle  elfe  falls 
Upon  your  heads,)  is  nothing  but  heart's  forrow, 
And  a  clear  life  enfuing. 

He  vanijhes  in  thunder :  then9  to  foft  mufick^  Enter  the 
Jhapes  again^  and  dance  with  mopps  and  mowes^  and  car' 
rying  out  the  table. 

Fro.  Bravely  the  figure  of  this  harpy  haft  thou 
Perform'd,  my  Ariel;  a  grace  it  had  devouring: 
Of  my  inftru&ion  haft  thou  nothing  bated, 
In  what  thou  hadft  to  fay :  fo  with  good  life, 
And  obfervation  ftrange,  my  meaner  minifters 
Their  feveral  kinds  have  done  j  my  high  charms  work, 
And  thefe,  mine  enemies,  are  all  knit  up 
In  their  diffractions :  they  are  in  my  powers 
And  in  thefe  fits  I  leave  them,  whilft  I  vifit 
Young  Ferdinand,  (whom  they  fuppofe  is  drown'd,) 
And  his  and  mylov'd  darling.  [Exit  Profpero/n?;# above.' 

Gon.  V  th'  name  of  fomething  holy,  Sir,  why  ftand  you 
In  this  ftrange  ftare? 

Alon.  O,  it  is  monftrous !  monftrous ! 
Methoughts,  the  billows  fpoke,  and  told  me  of  it 3 
The  winds  did  fing  it  to  me-y  and  the  thunder, 
That  deep  and  dreadful  organ-pipe,  pronounc'd 
The  Name  of  Pro/per :   it  did  bafe  my  trefpafs. 
Therefore,  my  fon  i'  th'  ooze  is  bedded  5  and 
I'll  feek  him  deeper  than  e'er  plummet  founded, 
And  with  him  there  lye  mudded.  [Exit. 

Seb.  But  one  fiend  at  a  time, 
I'll  fight  their  legions  o'er. 

Ant.  I'll  be  thy  fecond.  {Exeunt. 

Gon.  All  three  of  them  are  defperate*    their  great 
guilt, 
Like  poifon  giv'n  to  work  a  great  time  after, 
Now  'gins  to  bite  the  fpirits.     I  do  befeech  you, 
That  are  of  fuppler  joints,  follow  them  fwiftlyj 
And  hinder  them  from  what  this  ecftafie 
May  now  provoke  them  too. 

Adri.  Follow,  I  pray  you."  [Exeunt, 

AG  T 


^TEMPEST.  53 

A    C    T      IV. 

SCENE,  ProfperoV  Cell. 

Enter  Profpero,  Ferdinand,  and  Miranda. 

Pro  s  pero. 

IF  I  have  too  aufterely  punifh'd  you, 
Your  compenfation  makes  amends  >  for  I 
Have  giv'n  you  here  a  thread  of  mine  own  life  j  (z.f) 
Or  that,  for  which  I  live  -y  whom  once  again 
I  tender  to  thy  hand  :  all  thy  vexations 
Were  but  my  tryals  of  thy  love,  and  thou 
Haft  ftrangely  flood  the  teft.     Here,  afore  heaven, 
I  ratify  this  my  rich  gift :  O  Ferdinand, 
Do  not  fmile  at  me,  that  I  boaft  her  ofFj 
For  thou  malt  find,  flie  will  outftrip  all  praife, 
And  make  it  halt  behind  her. 

Fer.  I  believe  it, 
Againfl;  an  oracle. 

(24)  ■  -. firl 

Have  givn you  here  a  third  of  my  own  life,]  Thus  all  the  Impreffions 
in  general  ;  but  why  is  She  only  a  Third  of  his  own  Life?  He  had  no 
Wife  living,  nor  any  other  Child,  to  rob  her  of  a  Share  in  his  Affection : 
So  that  We  may  reckon  her  at  leaft  half  of  himfelf.  Nor  could  he  in- 
tend, that  he  lov'd  himfelf  twice  as  much  as  he  did  her ;  for  he  imme- 
diately fubjoins,  that  it  was  She  for  whom  he  livd.  In  Othello,  when 
Iago  alarms  the  Senator  with  the  lofs  of  his  Daughter,  he  tells  him, 

Tour  Heart  is  hurft,  you  have  loft  half  your  Soul. 
And  Dimidium  anim&  mete  is  the  current  Language  on  fuch  Occaiions. 
There  is  no  Room  for  doubt,  but  I  have  reftor'd  to  the  Poet  his  true  Read- 
ing; and  the  Thread  of  Life  is  a  Phrafe  moll  frequent  with  him.     So  iia. 
K..  Henry  V.     v 

And  let  not  BardolfeV  vital  Thread  he  cut 
With  Edge  of  Penny  Cord. 

1.  Henr.  VI.  ■• had  not  Churchmen  prayd, 

His  Thread  of  Life  had  not  fo  foon  decayed. 

2.  Henr.  VI.  Argo,  their  Thread  of  Life  is  fpun. 
Othello.    <■  Tm  glad,  thy  father  s  dead ; 

Thy  Match  was  mortal  to  him,  and  pure  Grief 
Shore  his  old  Thread  in  twain. 

E,  j  Pro- 


54  f&  T  E  M  V  EST, 

Pro.  Then  as  my  gift,  and  thine  own  acquifition 
Worthily  purchas'd,  take  my  Daughter.     But 
If  thou  doft  break  her  virgin-knot,  before 
All  fan£Hmonious  ceremonies  may 
With  full  and  holy  Rite  be  minifter'd, 
No  fweet  afperfions  fliall  the  heavyns  let  fall 
To  make  this  contract  grow :  but  barren  hate* 
Sour-ey'd  difdain,  and  difcord  fliall  beftrew 
The  union  of  your  bed  with  weeds  fo  loathly, 
That  you  fliall  hate  it  both:  therefore  take  heed, 
As  Hymen's  lamps  ihall  light  you. 

Per.  As  I  hope 
Far  quiet  days,  fair  iffue,   and  long  life, 
With  fuch  love  as  'tis  now 5  the  murkieft  den, 
The  moft  opportune  place,  the  ftrong'ft  fuggeflion 
Our  worfer  Genius  can,  fliall  never  melt 
Mine  honour  into  luft  ;  to  take  away 
The  edge  of  that  day's  celebration, 
When  I  fliall  think  or  Phoebus'  fteeds  are  founder'd, 
Or  night  kept  chain'd  below. 

Pro.  Fairly  fpoke. 
Sit  then,  and  talk  with  her,  flie  is  thine  own. 
What,  Ariel  1  my  induftrious  fervant,  Ariel— — » 

Enter  Ariel. 

Art.  What  would  my  potent  matter?  here  I  am. 

Pro.  Thou  and  thy  meaner  fellows  your  lafl:  fervice 
Did  worthily  perform  -,  and  I  muft  ufe  you 
In  fuch  another  trick  5  go,  bring  the  rabble, 
O'er  whom  I  give  thee  power,  here  to  this  place  ; 
Incite  them  to  quick  motion,  for  I  mult 
Beftow  upon  the  eyes  of  this  young  couple 
Some  vanity  of  mine  art  >  it  is  my  promife, 
And  they  expect  it  from  me. 

Art.  Prefently? 

Pro,  Ay,  with  a  twink. 

Ari.  Before  you  can  fay,  Come,  and  go, 
And  breathe  twice  >  and  cry,  fo,  fo  5 
Each  one,  tripping  on  his  toe, 
Will  be  here  with  mop  and  mow. 
Do  you  love  me,  matter  ?  no  ?  Pr$. 


the  TEMPEST.  ;j 

Pro.  Dearly,  my  delicate  Ariel  j  do  not  approach, 
'Till  thou  doft  hear  me  call. 

Ari.  Well,  I  conceive.  [Exit. 

Pro.  Look,  thou  be  true  5  do  not  give  dalliance 
Too  much  the  rein  j  the  ftrongeft  oaths  are  flraw 
To  th'  fire  i'th'  blood  :  be  more  abftemious, 
Or  elfe,  good-night,  your  vow  !  ■ ■— 

Per.  I  warrant  you,  Sir  j 
The  white,  cold,  virgin-fnow  upon  my  heart 
Abates  the  ardour  of  my  liver. 

Pro.  Well. 
Now  come,  my  Ariel  j  bring  a  corollary, 

Rather  than  want  a  fpirit*  appear,  and  pertly. — 

No  tongue  j  all  eyes>  be  filent.  \to  Ferdinand. 

[Soft  Mu/ick. 

A  MAS  §)JJ E.    Enter  Iris. 

Iris.  Ceres,  moft  bounteous  lady,  thy  rich  leas 
Of  wheat,  rye,  barley,  fetches,  oats,  and  peafej 
Thy  turfy  mountains,  where  live  nibling  fheep, 
And  flat  meads  thatch'd  with  ftover,  them  to  keep  5 
Thy  banks  with  pioned,  and  tulip'd  brims, 
Which  fpungy  April  at  thy  heft  betrims, 
To  make  cold  nymphs  chafte  crowns  -9  and  thy  broom- 
groves, 
Whofe  fliadow  the  difmifled  batchelor  loves. 
Being  lafs-lorn  5  thy  pole- dipt  vineyard, 
And  thy  fea-marge  fteril,  and  rocky  hard, 
Where  thou  thy  fclf  do'ft  air*  the  Queen  o'th' sky, 
Whofe  wat'ry  arch  and  meiTenger  am  I, 
Bids  thee  leave  thefe  j  and  with  her  Sov'raign  Grace, 
Here  on  this  grafs-plot,  in  this  very  place, 
To  come  and  fport  5  her  peacocks  fly  amain  : 
Approach,  rich  Ceres9  her  to  entertain. 

Enter  Ceres. 

Cer.  Hail,  many-colour'd  mefTenger,  that  ne'er 
Do'ft  difobey  the  wife  of  Jupiter  : 
Who,  with  thy  fafFron  win^s,  upon  my  flowers 
Diffufeft  honey  dsops,  refreiliing  Ihowers* 

E  4  And 


5<?  The  T  E  M  P  E  S  T. 

And  with  each  end  of  thy  blue  bow  do'ft  crown 
My  bosky  acres,  and  my  unlhrub'd  down, 
Rich  fcarf  to  my  proud  earth  $  why  hath  thy  Queen 
Summon'd  me  hither,  to  this  fhort-grafs  green? 

Iris.  A  contract  of  true  love  to  celebrate, 
And  fome  donation  freely  to  cftate 
On  the  blefs'd  lovers. 

Cer.  Tell  me,  heav'nly  bow. 
If  Venus  or  her  fon,  as  thou  do'ft  know, 
Do  now  attend  the  Queen:  fince  they  did  plot 
The  means,  that  dusky  Dis  my  daughter  got> 
Her  and  her  blind  boy's  fcandaPd  company 
I  have  forfworn. 

Iris.  Of  her  fociety 
Be  not  afraid  j  I  met  her  deitv 
Cutting  the  clouds  towards  Paphos^  and  her  fon 
Dove-drawn  with  hers  here  thought  they  to  have  done 
Some  wanton  charm  upon  this  man  and  maid, 
Whofe  vows  are,  that  no  bed-right  mall  be  paid 
'Till  'Hymen's  torch  be  lighted  ;  but  in  vain 
Mars's  hot  minion  is  return'd  again  j 
Her  wafpiih*headed  fon  has  broke  his  arrows ; 
Swears,  he  will  moot  no  more,  but  play  with  fparrows3 
And  be  a  boy  right-out. 

Cer.  High  Queen  of  (late, 
Great  Juno^  comes 5  I  know  her  by  her  gate. 

[Juno  defcends^  and  enters* 
Jun.  How  does  my  bounteous  fifter?  go  with  me 
To  blefs  this  twain,  that  they  may  profp'rous  be, 
And  honour'd  in  their  iflue. 

Jun.  Honour ,  riches ,  marriage  hie  flings 
Long  continuance  and  encreafing^ 
Hourly- joys  be  ft  ill  upon  you  5 
Juno  fings  her  ble flings  on  you : 
Cer.  Earth's  increafe,  and  foy [on-plenty^  (if) 
Barns  and  garners  never  empty  ^ 

Vinei 

.  '(25)  Earth's  Increafe."]  All  the  Editions,  that  I  have  ever  feen,  con* 
cur  in  placing  this  whole  Sonnet  to  Juno:  but  very  abfurdly,  in  my 
Opinion,     I  believe,    every  accurate  Reader,  who  "is  acquainted  with 

poetic*^ 


The  TEMPEST.  57 

Vines,  with  cluftring  hunches  growing, 
Plants,  with  goodly  burthen  bowings 
Spring  come  to  you,  at  the  farthefi, 
In  the  'very  end  of  harveft : 
Scarcity  and  want  Jhall  Jhun  you  5 
Ceres'*  bleffing  fo  is  on  you. 

Fer.  This  is  a  mod  majeftick  virion,  and 
Harmonious  charmingly :  may  I  be  bold 
To  think  thefe  fpirits  ? 

Pro.  Spirits,  which  by  mine  art 
I  have  from  their  confines  call'd  to  ena£fc  (16) 
My  prefent  fancies. 

Fer.  Let  me  live  here  ever  5 
So  rare  a  wonder'd  father,  and  a  wife, 
Make  this  place  paradife. 

Pro.  Sweet  now,  filence: 

poetical  Hiftory,  and  the  diflintt  Offices  of  thefe  two  GoddefTes,  and  who 
then  ferioufly  reads  over  our  Author's  Lines,  will  agree  with  Me,  that 
Ceres  %  Name  ought  to  have  been  placed  where  I  have  now  prefix' d  it. 

(26)  /  have  from  All  their  Confines]  This  All  is  obtruded  upon  Us 
by  the  nice  Ears  of  our  modern  Editors,  who  were  for  helping  the  Verfe, 
upon  a  Supposition  that  the  Accent  in  Confines  muft  needs  be  upon  the 
firft  Syllable.  But  the  Practice  of  our  Poet  is  againft  them  ;  and  there-* 
fore  I  have  reftor'd  him  to  his  own  Reading. 
See  As  you  like  it.     Ail.  2.  Sc.  1 . 

And  yet  it  irks  me,  the  poor  dappled  Fools  ; 

Being  native  Burghers  of  this  defart  City, 

Should,  in  their  ovjn  Confines,  , 

K.  John.  AB.  4. 

'this  Kingdom,  this  Confine  of  Blood  and  Breath, 
And Hamlet.  Acl.  1.  Sc.  i. 

Tfr  extravagant  and  erring  Spirit  hyes 

%  his  Confine. 
And  in  his  Poem  intitled,  In  Praife  of  his  Love. 

In  vjhofe  Confine  immured  is  the  Store, 

Which  Jhould  example  where  your  Equal  grew. 
And,  again,  in  his  Poem  call'd,  A  Lover' s  Complaint. 

O  moji  potential  Love  !  Vovj,  Bond,  nor  Space, 

In  thee  hath  neither  Sting,  Knot,  nor  Confine  : 
And  in  his  Amorous  Epifile  of  Paris  to  Helen. 

Shipping  my f elf  from  the  Sigsan  Shore, 

Whence  unto  thefe  Confines  my  Courfe  I  bore. 
And,  I  believe,  in  every  other  PafTage  throughout  his  Works,  where  he, 
has  ufed  this  Word,  the  Accent  is  constantly  on  the  laft  Syllable. 

Jun 


$8         7&?  TEMPEST. 

Juno  and  Ceres  whifper  ferioufly  ; 

There's  fomething  elfe  to  do  5  hufh,  and  be  mute, 

Or  elfe  our  fpell  is  marr'd. 

Juno  and  Ceres  whifper ',  and  fend  Iris  on  imployment. 
Iris.  You  nymphs,  call'd  Nayads,  of  the  winding 
brooks, 
With  your  fedg'd  crowns,  and  ever-harmlefs  looks, 
Ijsave  your  crifp  channels,  and  on  this  greenland 
Anfwer  your  fummons,  Juno  does  command  : 
Come,  temperate  nymphs,  and  help  to  celebrate 
A  contract  of  true  love>  be  not  too  late. 

Enter  certain  Nymphs. 

You  fun-burn'd  ficklemen,  of  Auguft  weary, 
Come  hither  from  the  furrow,  and  be  merry  j 
Make  holy-day  5  your  rye-ftraw  hats  put  on^ 
And  thefe  frefh  nymphs  encounter  every  one 
In  country  footing. 

Enter  certain  reapers,  properly  habited',  they  join  with  the 
nymphs  in  a  graceful  dance  j  towards  the  end  whereof, 
Profpero  ft  arts  fuddenly,  and  fpeaks\  after  which,  to  a 
ftrange,  hollow  and  confufed  noife,  they  vanijh  heavily* 

Pro.  I  had  forgot  that  foul  confpiracy 
Of  the  beaft  Caliban*  and  his  confed'rates, 
Againft  my  life  >  the  minute  of  their  plot 
Is  almoft  come.   Well  done,  avoid  5  no  more. 

Fer.  This  is  ftrange  >  your  father's  in  fome  paffion 
That  works  him  ftrongly. 

Mir.  Never  'till  this  day 
Saw  I  him  touch'd  with  anger,  fo  diftemper'd. 

Pro.  You  look,  my  fon,  in  a  mov'd  fort, 
As  if  you  were  difmay'd  j  be  chearful,  Sir : 
Our  revels  now  are  ended  :  thefe  our  actors, 
As  I  foretold  you,  were  all  fpirits,  and 
Are  melted  into  air,  into  thin  air  5 
And,  like  the  bafelefs  fabrick  of  this  vifion, 
The  cloud-capt  towers,  the  gorgeous  palaces, 
The  folemn  temples,  the  great  globe  it  felf, 
Yea,  all,  which  it  inherit,  fhall  difibi 

And, 


The   TEMPEST.  59 

And,  like  this  infubftantial  pageant  faded, 
Leave  not  a  rack  behind !  we  are  fuch  fluff 
As  dreams  are  made  on,  and  our  little  life 

Is  rounded  with  a  fleep. Sir,  1  am  vext*  (2,7) 

Bear  with  mv  weaknefs,  my  old  brain  is  troubled  : 
Be  not  difiurb'd  with  my  infirmity  j 
If  thou  be  pleased,  retire  into  my  cell, 
Lncl  there  repofe  •  '  a  turn  or  two  I'll  walk, 
To  ftill  my  beating  mind. 

Per.  Mir  a.  We  wiih  your  peace.  \Exe.  Fct.  and  Mir. 

Pro.  Come  with  a  thoughts—- 1  thank  you:        » 
Ariel)  come. 

Profpero  comes  forward  from  the  Cell;  eater  Ariel  to  him. 

Art.  Thy  thoughts  I  cleave  to  5  what's  thy  pleafure? 
Pro.  Spirit, 
We  muft  prepare  to  meet  with  Caliban. 

(27)  ' '        '     ■  Sir,  I  am  <vext ; 

Bear  with  my  Weaknefs,  my  old  Brain  is  troubled:]     There  is  the 
Appearance  of  fomething  very  extraordinary,  in  this  great  Emotion  of 
Anger  fo  difcoverable  in  the  Behaviour  of  Profpero,  on  the  fuddain  Re- 
collection of  Caliban's  Plot :    And  the  admirable  Reflection,  which  he 
makes,  upon  the  Infignincancy  of  human  Things,  fully  ihews  it :  For 
thinking  Men  are  never  under  greater  Oppreffion  of  Mind,  than  when 
they  make  fuch  kind  of  Reflections.     And  yet,  if  we  turn  to  the  Caufe 
of  this  Difturbance,  there  is  Nothing  that  one  could  imagine,  at  firft. 
View,  could  occafion  it :   The  Plot  of  a  contemptible  Savage,  and  two 
drunken  Sailors,  whom  he  had  abfolutely  in  his  Power !  It  could  be  no 
Apprehenfion  of  Danger  then,  that  could  caufe  it.    But,  reflecting  more 
attentively,  we  fhall  find,  (agreeably  to  our  Poet's  wonderful  knowledge 
of  Nature,)  there  was  fomething  in  the  Cafe,  with  which  great  Minds 
are  moft  deeply  affected;  and  that  is,    the  Refentment  of  Ingratitude. 
He  recalPd  to  his  Mind  the  Obligations  this  Caliban  lay  under  for  the 
Inductions  he  had  receiv'd  from  him,  and  the  Conveniences  of  Life  he 
had  taught  him  to  ufe.    But  thefe  Reflections  of  Caliban's  Ingratitude 
would  naturally  recall  to  mind  his  Brother's :  and  then  thefe  two,  work- 
ing together,  were  very  capable  of  producing  all  the  Diforder  of  Pafv 
fion  here  reprefented.     That  thefe  Two,  who  had  receiv'd  at  his  hands 
the  two  bell  Gifts  that  Mortals  are  capable  of,  when  rightly  apply'd,  Regal 
Power  and  the  Ufe  of  Reafon  ;  that  Thefe,  in  return,  mould  confpire 
agamft  the  Life  of  the  Donor,  would  certainly  afflict  a  generous  Mind  to 
its  utmoft  Bearing.     As  thefe  Reflections  do  fo  much  Honour  to  that  fur- 
prizing  Knowledge  of  human  Nature,  which  is  fo  apparently  our  Au- 
thor's Maflerpiece,  it  cannot,  fure,  be  thought  unneceflary  to  fet  them 
in  a  proper  Light.  Mr.  Warburton. 

ArU 


60  W?  TEMPEST. 

Ari.  Ay,  my  commander  5  when  I  prefented  Ceres, 
I  thought  to  have  told  thee  of  it  5  but  I  fear'd, 
Left  I  might  anger  thee. 

Pro.  Say  again,  where  didft  thou  leave  thefe  varlets  ? 

Ari.  I  told  you,  Sir,  they  were  red  hot  with  drinking  j 
So  full  of  valour,  that  they  fmote  the  air 
For  breathing  in  their  faces  \  beat  the  ground 
For  kifling  of  their  feet  -y  yet  always  bending 
Towards  their  project.     Then  I  beat  my  tabor, 
At  which,  like  unbackt  colts,  they  prickt  their  ears, 
Advanc'd  their  eye-lids,  lifted  up  their  nofes, 
As  they  fmelt  mufick  >  fo  I  charm'd  their  ears, 
That,  calf-like,  they  my  lowing  followed  through 
Tooth'd  briars,  {harp  furzes,  pricking  gofs  and  thorm, 
Which  enter'd  their  frail  fhins:  at  laft  I  left  them 
I'  th'  filthy  mantled  pool  beyond  your  cell, 
There  dancing  up  to  th'  chins,  that  the  foul  lake 
O'er- flunk  their  feet. 

Pro.  This  was  well  done,  my  bird  j 
Thy  lhape  invifible  retain  thou  ftill  j 
The  trumpery  in  my  houfe,  go  bring  it  hither, 
For  ftale  to  catch  thefe  thieves . 

Ari.  I  go,  I  go.  [Exit. 

Pro.  A  devil,  a  born  devil,  on  whofe  nature 
Nurture  can  never  flick  5  on  whom  my  pains, 
Humanely  taken,  all,  all  loft,   quite  loft  5 
And,  as  with  age,  his  body  uglier  grows, 
So  his  mind  cankers  j  I  will  plague  them  all. 
Even  to  roaring :  come,  hang  them  on  this  line. 

[Profpero  remains  invifible. 

Enter  Ariel  leaden  with  gliftering  apparel,   &c.     Enter 
Caliban,  Stephano,  and  Trinculo,  all  wet. 

Cal.  Pray  you,  tread  foftly,  that  the  blind  mole  ma^ 
not 
Hear  a  foot  fall  5  we  now  are  near  his  cell. 

Ste.  Monfter,  your  Fairy,  which  you  fay  is  a  harm- 
lefs  Fairy,  has  done  little  better  than  plaid  the  Jack 
with  us. 

Trin.  Monfter,  I  do  fmell  all  horfe-pifs,  at  which  my 
nofe  is  in  great  indignation.  Ste* 


The  TEMPEST.  ct 

Ste.  So  is  mine  :  do  you  hear,  monfter?  if  I  fhould 
take  a  difpleafure  againft  you  5  look  you 

Frin.  Thou  wert  but  a  loft  monfler. 

CaL  Good  my  lord,  give  me  thy  favour  flill : 
Be  patient,  for  the  prize,  I'll  bring  thee  to, 
Shall  hood-wink  this  mifchance  5  therefore,  fpeak  foftlyj 
All's  hufrit  as  midnight  yet. 

Trin.  Ay,  but  to  lofe  our  bottles  in  the  pool, — 

Ste.  There  is  not  only  difgrace  and  dishonour  in  that, 
monfter,  but  an  infinite  lofs. 

trin.  That's  more  to  me  than  my  wetting:  yet  this 
is  your  harmlefs  Fairy,  monfter. 

Ste.  I  will   fetch   off  my  bottle,  though  I  be  o'er 
cars  for  my  labour. 

CaL.  Pr'ythee,  my  King,  be  quiet:  feeft  thou  here, 
This  is  the  mouth  o' th'  cell  5  no  noifc,  and  enter  > 
Do  that  good  mifchief,  which  may  make  this  Ifland 
Thine  own  for  ever  5  and  I,  thy  Caliban, 
For  ay  thy  foot-licker. 

Ste.  Give  me  thy  hand  5  I  do  begin  to  have  bloody- 
thoughts. 

trin.  O  King  Stephano!  O  Peer  !  O  worthy  St ephanof 
Look,  what  a  wardrobe  here  is  for  thee! 

CaL  Let  it  alone,  thou  fool,  it  is  but  trafti. 

trin.  Oh,  oh,  monfter  5  we  know  what  belongs  to  a 
frippery 5 O,  King  Stephano! 

Ste.  Put  off  that  gown,  trinculo;  by  this  hand,  I'll 
have  that  gown. 

trin.  Thy  grace  fhall  have  it. 

CaL  The  dropfie  drown  this  fool !  what  do  you  mean, 
To  doat  thus  on  fuch  luggage  ?  let's  along, 
And  do  the  murder  firft :  if  he  awake, 
From  toe  to  crown  he'll  fill  our  skins  with  pinches  j 
Make  us  ftrange  fluff. 

Ste.  Be  you  quiet,  monfter.  Miftrefs  line,  is  not 
this  my  jerkin?  now  is  the  jerkin  under  the  line:  now, 
jerkin,^you  are  like  to  lofe  your  hair,  and  prove  a  bald 
jerkin. 

trin.  Do,  do  >  we  fteal  by  line  and  level,  and't  like 
your  Grace. 

Ste. 


c%         ^TEMPEST. 

Ste.  I  thank  thee  for  that  jeft,  here's  a  garment  for't  i 
wit  fhall  not  go  unrewarded,  while  I  am  King  of  this 
country :  fteal  by  line  and  level,  is  an  excellent  pafs  of 
pate  j  there's  another  garment  for't. 

Trin.  Monfter,  come,  put  fome  lime  upon  your  fin- 
gers, and  away  with  the  reft. 

Cat.  I  will  have  none  on't  >  we  fhall  lofe  our  time, 
And  all  be  turn'd  to  barnacles,  or  apes 
With  foreheads  villanous  low. 

Ste.  Monfter,  lay  to  your  fingers;  help  to  bear  this 
away,  where  my  hogfhead  of  wine  is,  or  I'll  turn  you 
out  of  my  kingdom  j  go  to,  carry  this. 

Urin.  And  this. 

Ste.  Ay,  and  this. 

A  noifi  of  hunters  heard.  Enter  divers  fpirits  in  Jhape  of 
hounds,  hunting  them  about  \  Profpero  and  Ariel  fitting 
them  on.   Calib.  Steph.  and  Trine,  driven  out,  roaring. 

Pro.  Hey,  Mountain,  hey. 

Ari.  Silver  >  there  it  goes,  Silver. 

Pro.  Fury,  Fury  >  there,  tyrant,  there  >  hark,  hark  5 
Go,  charge  my  goblins  that  they  grind  their  joints 
With  dry  convulfions  j  fhorten  up  their  finews 
With  aged  cramps  >  and  more  pinch-fpotted  make  them, 
Than  pard,  or  cat  o'  mountain. 

Ari.  Hark,  they  roar. 

Pro.  Let  them  be  hunted  foundry.    At  this  hour 
Lye  at  my  mercy  all  mine  enemies : 
Shortly  fhall  all  my  labours  end,  and  thou 
Shalt  have  the  air  at  freedom  -9  for  a  little, 
Follow,  and  do  me  fervice.  [Exiunt. 


ACT 


^TEMPEST.  *$ 


ACT      V. 

SCENE,    before  the  Cell. 

Enter  Profpero  in  his  magick  rohts^  and  Ariel. 

Prosper  o. 

NO  W  does  my  project  gather  to  a  head ; 
My  charms  crack  not  3    my  fpirits  obey,   and 
time 
Goes  upright  with  his  carriage  :  how's  the  Day  ? 

Aru  On  the  fixth  hour,  at  which  time,  my  lord, 
You  faid,  our  work  fhould  ceafe. 

Pro.  I  did  fay  fo, 
When  firft  I  rais'd  the  tempeftj   fay,  my  fpirit, 
How  fares  the  King  and's  followers  ? 

Aru  Confin'd 
In  the  fame  fafhion  as  you  gave  in  charge; 
Juft:  as  you  left  them,  all  your  prifoners,  Sir, 
In  the  Lime-Grove  which  weather- fends  your  cell. 
They  cannot  budge,  'till  your  releafe.     The  King, 
His  brother,  and  yours,  abide  all  three  diftra&ed  -9 
And  the  remainder  mourning  over  them, 
Brim-full  of  forrow  and  difmay  5  but,  chiefly, 
Him  that  you  term'd  the  good  old  lord  Gonzalo. 
His  tears  run  down  his  beard,  like  winter  drops 
From  eaves  of  reeds  5  your  charm  fo  ftrongly  works  'em* 
That  if  you  now  beheld  them,  your  affections 
Would  become  tender. 

Pro.  Do'ft  thou  think  fo,  fpirit  ? 

Art.  Mine  would,  Sir,  were  I  human. 

Pro.  And  mine  fhall. 
Haft  thou,  which  art  but  air,  a  touch,  a  feeling 
Of  their  afflictions,  and  mall  not  my  felf, 
One  of  their  kind,  that  relifh  all  as  fliarply, 

PaffioH 


CAr  The   TEMPEST. 

Paflion  as  they,  be  kindlier  mov'd  than  thou  art  ?  (2.8) 
Tho'  with  their  high  wrongs  I  am  ftruck  to  th'  quick, 
Yet,  with  my  nobler  reafon,  'gainft  my  fury 
Do  I  take  part  5  the  rarer  action  is 
In  virtue  than  in  vengeance  5  they  being  penitent, 
The  fole  drift  of  my  purpofe  doth  extend 
Not  a  frown  further;  go,  releafe  them,  Ariel % 
My  charms  I'll  break,  their  fenfes  I'll  reflore, 
And  they  fliall  be  themfelves. 

ArL  I'll  fetch  them,  Sir.  [Exit. 

Pro.  Ye  elves  of  hills,  brooks,   ftanding  lakes  and 
groves, 
And  ye,  that  on  the  fands  with  printlefs  foot 
Do  chafe  the  ebbing  Neptune-,  and  do  fly  him, 
When  he  comes  back  5  you  demy-puppets,  that 
By  moon-fhine  do  the  green  four  ringlets  make, 
Whereof  the  ewe  not  bites  3  and  you,  whofe  paftime 
Is  to  make  midnight  mufhrooms,  that  rejoice 
To  hear  the  folemn  curfew  5  by  whofe  aid 
(Weak  matters  tho'  ye  be)  I  have  be-dimm'd 
The  noon-tide  fun,  call'd  forth  the  mutinous  winds, 
And  'twixt  the  green  fea  and  the  azur'd  vault 
Set  roaring  war>  to  the  dread  ratling  thunder 
Have  I  giv'n  fire,  and  rifted  Jove's  flout  oak 
With  his  own  bolt :  the  ftrong-bas'd  promontory 
Have  I  made  {hake,  and  by  the  fpurs  pluckt  up 

(28)  Paiiion'd  as  they,]     Thus  Mr.  Pope  in  both  his  Editions.     But 
all  the  authentick  Copies  read  ; 

Paflion  as  they ■ 

i.  e.  feel  the  Force  of  Paflion;  am   mov'd  with  it;     So  again  Julia,  in 
the  Sjwo  Gentlemen  of  Verona  ; 

Madam,  "'twas  Ariadne  paflioning 

For  Thefeus'  Perjury,   and  unjuji  Flight.  > 

So,  in  Titus  Andronicus,  he  makes  a  Verb  of  pajfionate,  fignifying,  to 
exprefs  the  Paflion,  the  Diftrefs  of,  &c. 

Thy  Neice  and  I,  poor  Creatures,  want  our  hands, 

And  cannot  paflionate  our  tenfold  Grief 

With  folded  Arms. 

And  in  his  Poem,  call'd,  Venus  and  Adonis,  our  Author  ufes  Pajfion  as  a 
Verb,  meaning,  to  grieve: 

Dumbly  (be  pailions,  frantickly  the  doatctb. 

The 


^TEMPEST.  gj 

The  pine  and  cedar  :  graves  at  my  command  (?s>) 

Have  wak'd  their  fleepers  *  op'd,  and  let  them  forth 

By  my  fo  potent  art.    But  this  rough  magick 

I  here  abjure 5  and  when  I  have  requir'd 

Some  heav'nly  mufick,  which  ev'n  now  I  do, 

(To  work  mine  end  upon  their  fenfes,  that 

This  airy  charm  is  for*)  I'll  break  my  ftaffj 

Bury  it  certain  fadoms  in  the  earth  > 

And,  deeper  than  did  ever  plummet  found, 

I'll  drown  my  book.  \Solemn  mujlck. 

Here  enters  Ariel  before  ;  then  Alonfo  with  a  frantick  Gef- 

ture^  attended  by  Gonzalo.    Sebaftian  and  Anthonio  in 

like  manner ,  attended  by  Adrian  and  Francifco.     They 

all  enter  the  circle  which  Profpcro  had  made^  and  than 

fi and  charmed-,  which  Profpero  obferving^  fpeaks. 

A  folemn  air,  and  the  befl:  comforter 

To  an  unfettled  fancy,  cure  thy  brains 

Now  ufelefs,  boil'd  within  thy  skull !  There  fland, 

For  you  are  fpell-ftopt.— — 

Holy  Gonzalo,  honourable  man, 

Mine  eyes,  ev'n  fociable  to  th'  fhew  of  thine, 

Fall  fellow-drops.— The  charm  diflblves  apace  j 

And  as  the  morning  fteals  upon  the  night, 
Melting  the  darknefs  5  fo  their  rifing  fenfes 
Begin  to  chafe  the  ign'rant  fumes,  that  mantle 
Their  clearer  reafon.     O  my  good  GonzaIo9 
My  true  preferver,  and  a  loyal  Sir 
To  him  thou  follow'ft*  I  will  pay  thy  graces 

(29)  — — —  Graves  at  my  Command 

Have  wak'd  their  Sleepers;]  As  odd,  as  this  Expreffion  is,  of 
Graves  waking  their  Dead,  inftead  of,  the  Dead  waking  in  their  Graves, 
I  believe,  it  may  be  jultified  by  the  Ufage  of  Poets.  Beaumont  and 
Fletcher,  in  their  Bonduca,  fpeaking  of  the  Power  of  Fame,  make  it 
wake  Graves, 

Wakens  the  ruin'd  Monuments,  and  there, 
Where  Nothing  but  eternal  Death  and  Sleep  is, 
Informs  again  the  dead  Bones. 
And  Virgil,  fpeaking  of  Rome  as  a  City,  fays,  it  furrounded  its  feven 
Hills  with  a  Wall. 

Scilicet  iff  rerum  fa£la  eft  pulcherrima  Roma, 
Septemque  una  Jibi  muro  circumdedit  arces. 

Vol.  I.  F  Home 


66  Tfje  T  E  M  P  E  S  T. 

Home  both  in  word  and  deed. Moft  cruelly 

Didfi;  thou,  Alonfo^  ufe  me  and  my  daughter : 

Thy  brother  was  a  furtherer  in  the  aft  j 

Thou'rt  pinch'd  for't  now,  Sebaftiarh  ftefb  and  blood,  (30) 

You  brother  mine,  that  entertain'd  ambition, 

Expell'd  remorie  and  nature  -,  who  with  Sebaftian 

(Whofe  inward  pinches  therefore  are  moft  ftrong) 

Would  here  have  kill'd  your  King  5  I  do  forgive  thee, 

Unnat'ral  though  thou  art.     Their  underftanding 

Begins  to  fwell,  and  the  approaching  tide 

Will  ftiortly  fill  the  reafonable  fhore, 

That  now  lies  foul  and  muddy.     Not  one  of  them, 

That  yet  looks  on  me,  or  would  know  me. -Ariel) 

Fetch  me  the  hat  and  rapier  in  my  cell  5 
I  will  dif-cafe  me,  and  my  felf  prefent, 

\_Exit  Ariel,  and  returns  immediately. 
As  I  wasfometime  Milan:  quickly,  Spirit} 
Thou  fhalt  ere  long  be  free. 

Ariel  JingSi  and  helps  to  attire  him. 
Where  the  bee  fucks ,  there  lurk  I;  (31) 
In  a  cozvftifs  bell  I  lie: 
There  I  couch ,  when  oivls  do  cry. 
On  the  bat's  back  I  do  fly^ 
After  Sunfet,  merrily.  (32,) 

Merrily 

(30)  Thourt  pinch' d  for' t  now,  Sebaftian.  FUjh  and  BJoodi]  I  by  no 
means  think,  this  was  our  Author's  Pointing  ;  or  that  it  gives  us  his  Mean- 
ing. He  would  fay,  that  Sebaftian  now  was  pinch'd  thro'  and  thro'  for 
his  Trefpafs ;  felt  the  Punifhment  of  it  all  over  his  Body ;  a  like  manner 
of  ExprefTion  we  meet  with  in  King  Lean 

• ■ <v.-ipe  thine  eye  ; 

The  good-] 'ersjh all  devour  them,  flefh  and  fell, 

E'er  they  Jh all  make  us  weep. 
/.ndfo  oar  Chaucer,  in  the  mil  Book  of  his  Troilus  and  CreJJid*. 

'  that  he  and  all  his  kinne  at  ones 

Were  worthy  to  be  brent,  both  fell  and  bones. 

(31)  Where  the  Bee  fucks,  there  tuck  /;]  I  have  ventur'd  to  vary  from 
the  printed  Copies  here.  Could  Ariel,  a  Spirit  of  a  refin'd  aetherial  Ef- 
fence,  be  intended  to  want  Food  ?  Befides  the  fequent  Lines  rather  coun- 
tenance lurk.  ( 

(32)  After  Summer  merrily  ]  Why,  after  Summer  ?  Unlefs  We  mull 
fuppoie,  our  Author  alluded  to  that  miflaken  Notion  of  Bats,  Swallows, 
l?c.  crolfmg  the  Seas  in  purfuit  of  hot  Weather.     I  conjectured,  in  my 

Shake- 


The    TEMPEST.         €7 

Merrily i  merrily,  Jhall  I  live  now, 

Under  the  blojfom^  that  hangs  on  the  hough. 

Pro.  Why,  that's  my  dainty  Ariel  $  I  fhall  mifs  thee  j 
But  yet  thou  fhalt  have  freedom.     So,  fo,  fo. 
To  the  King's  ihip,  invillble  as  thou  art  -, 
There  fhalt  thou  find  the  mariners  afleep 
Under  the  hatches  5  the  mafter  and  theboatfwain, 
Being  awake,  enforce  them  to  this  place  5 
And  prefently,  I  pr'ythee. 

Ari.  I  drink  the  air  before  me,  and  return 
Or  e'er  your  pulfe  twice  beat.  [Exit. 

Shakespeare  reftor'd,  that  Sunfet  was  our  Author's  Word:    And  this 
Conjecture  Mr.  Pope,   in  his  laft  Edition,  thinks  probably  fhould  be  e£ 
poufed.     My  Reafons  for  the  Change  were  from  the  known  Nature  of 
the  Bat.     The  Houp  fleeps  during  the  Winter,  fay  the  Naturalifts ;  and  fo 
does  the  Bat  too.     {Upupa  dormit  hyeme,  Jicut  Cff  Vefpertilio.     Albert. 
Mag.)    Again,  Flies  and  Gnats  are  the  favourite  Food  of  the  Bat,  which 
he  procures  by  flying  about  in  the  Night.     (Cibus  ejus  funt  Mufcae  & 
Culices :  quern  noffe  <volans  inquirit.    Idem,  e  Plinio.)  But  this  is  a  Diet, 
which,  I  prefume,  he  can  only  come  at  in  the  Summer  Seafon.   Another 
Obfervation  has  been  made,  that  when  Bats  fly  either  earlier,  or  in  greater 
Number  than  ufual,  it  is  a  Sign  the  next  day  will  be  hot  and  ferene.    ( Ve£ 
pertiliones,  ft  <vefperi  citius  &  plures  folito  voldrint,  Signum  eft  Calorem 
tff  Serenitatem  pofiridie  fore.     Gratarolus  apud  Gefner.y*  A<vibus.)     This 
Prognoftick  likewife  only  fuits  with  Summer.     Again,  the  Bat  was  call'd 
Vefpertilio  by  the  Latins,  as  it  was  N  uyQiejis  by  the  Greeks,     becaufe 
this  Bird  is  not  vifible  by  Day ;  but  appears  firft  about  the  Twilight  of 
the  Evening,  and  fo  continues  to  fly  during  the  dark  Hours.    And  the 
Poets,  whenever  they  mention  this  Bird,  do  it  without  any  Allufion  to  the 
Seafon  of  the  Year ;  but  conftantly  have  an  Eye  to  the  accuflom'd  Hour 
of  its  Flight.     In  the  Second  A&  of  this  Play,  where  Gonzalo  tells  Anto- 
nio and  Sebaflian,  that  they  would  lift  the  Moon  out  of  her  Sphere,  Se- 
bafiian  replies; 

We  would  fo,  and  then  go  a  Bat-fowling. 
So,  in  Macbeth,  when  the  Approach  of  the  Night  is  defcrib'd,  in  whid^ 
Banquo  was  to  be  murther'd, 

»  Ere  the  Bat  hath  flown 

His  cloifer'd  Flight ;  ere  to  black  Hecat's  Summons 

'The  fhard-born  Beetle  with  his  drowjy  Hums 

Hath  rung  Night'/  yawning  Peal. 
And  Beaumont  and  Fletcher  in  their  PaJJionatt  Madman  ; 
Fountain-heads,  and  pathlefs  Groves, 
Places,  which  pale  PaJJion  loves', 
Moonlight  Walks,  when  all  the  Fowls 
Are  warmly  housd,  fave  Bats  and  Owls, 

F*  Gon. 


6%         The    T  E  M  P  E  ST. 

Gon.  All  torment,  trouble,  wonder,  and  amazement 
Inhabits  here  5  ibme  heav'nly  power  guide  us 
Out  of  this  fearful  country  ! 

Pro.  Behold,  Sir  King, 
The  wronged  Duke  of  Milan,  Pro  [per  0: 
For  more  affurance  that  a  living  Prince 
Does  now  fpeak  to  thee,  I  embrace  thy  body  3 
And  to  thee  and  thy  company  1  bid 
A  hearty  welcome. 

Alon.  Be' it  thou  he  or  no, 
Or  fome  inchanted  trifle  to  abufe  me, 
As  late  I  have  been,  I  not  know 5  thy  pulfe 
Beats,  as  of  flefh  and  blood  5  and  fince  I  faw  thee, 
Th'  affliction  of  my  mind  amends,  with  which, 
I  fear,  a  Madnefs  held  me  -y  this  muft  crave 
(And  if  this  be  at  all)  a  moft  ftrange  ftory : 
Thy  Dukedom  I  refign,  and  do  intreat, 
Thou  pardon  me  my  wrongs  j  but  how  fliould  Profper$ 
Be  living,  and  be  here  ? 

Pro.  Firft,  noble  friend, 
Let  me  embrace  thine  age,  whofe  honour  cannot 
Be  meafur'd  or  confin'd. 

Gon.  Whether  this  be, 
Or  be  not,  I'll  not  fwear. 

Pro.  You  do  yet  tafte 
Some  fubtilties  o'th'Ifle,  that  will  not  let  you 
Believe  things  certain :  welcome,  my  friends  all. 
But  you,  my  brace  of  lords,  were  I  fo  minded, 
I  here  could  pluck  his  Highnefs'  frown  upon  you, 
And  juftifie  you  traitors  >  at  this  time 
I'll  tell  no  tales. 

Seb.  The  devil  fpeaks  in  him. 

Pro.  No : 

For  you,  moll:  wicked  Sir,  whom  to  call  brother 
Would  even  infect  my  mouth,  I  do  forgive 
Thy  ranked  faults  j  all  of  them  5  and  require 
My  Dukedom  of  thee,  which  perforce,  1  know, 
Thou  muft  reftore. 

Alon.  If  thou  be'ft  Profpero, 
Give  us  particulars  of  thy  prefervation, 

How 


^TEMPEST.  c9 

How  thou  haft  met  us  here,  who  three  hours  fince 
Were  wrackt  upon  this  fhore;  where  I  have  loft 
(How  fharp  the  point  of  this  remembrance  is !) 
My  dear  fon  Ferdinand. 

Pro.  I'm  woe  for't,  Sir. 

Alon.  Irreparable  is  the  lofs,  and  Patience 
Says,  it  is  paft  her  cure. 

Pro.  I  racher  think, 
You  have  not  fought  her  help  ;  of  whofe  foft  grace, 
For  the  like  lofs,  I  have  her  fov'reign  aid, 
And  reft  my  felf  content. 

Alon.  You  the  like  lofs  ? 

Pro.  As  great  to  me,  as  late*  and,  fupportable 
To  make  the  dear  lofs,  have  I  means  much  weaker 
Than  you  may  call  to  comfort  you  5  for  I 
Have  loft  my  daughter. 

Alon.  A  daughter? 

0  heav'ns !  that  they  were  living  both  in  Naples, 
The  King  and  Queen  there  ;  that  they  were,  I  wifh, 
My  felf  were  mudded  in  that  oozy  bed, 

Where  my  fon  lies.  When  did  you  lofe  your  daughter? 

Pro.  In  this  laft  tempeft.    I  perceive,  thefe  lords 
At  this  encounter  do  fo  much  admire, 
That  they  devour  their  reafon  ;  and  fcarce  think, 
Their  eyes  do  offices  of  truth,  their  words 
Are  natural  breath :  but  howfoe'er  you  have 
Been  juftled  from  your  fenfes,  know  for  certain, 
That  I  am  Profp'ro^  and  that  very  Duke 
Which  was  thruft  forth  of  Milan;  who  moft  ftrangely 
Upon  this  fhore,  where  you  were  wrackt,  was  landed 
To  be  the  lord  on't.     No  more  yet  of  thisj 
For  'tis  a  chronicle  of  day  by  day, 
Not  a  relation  for  a  breakfaft,  nor 
Befitting  this  firft  meeting.     Welcome,  Sir; 
This  cell's  my  court  •>  here  have  I  few  attendants, 
And  fubjedts  none  abroad;  pray  you,  look  in; 
My  Dukedom  fince  you've  given  me  again, 

1  will  requite  you  with  as  good  a  thing  ; 

At  leaft,  bring  forth  a  wonder  to  content  ye. 
As  much  as  me  my  Dukedom. 

F  j  SCENE 


70         The  TEMPES  T. 

SCENE  opens  to  the  Entrance  of  the  Cell. 

Here  Profpero  difcovers  Ferdinand  and  Miranda 
playing  at  Chefs. 
Mira.  PWEET  lord,  you  play  mc  falfe, 

l3  Fer.  No,  my  dear  lore, 
I  would  not  for  the  world. 

Mira.  Yes,  for  a  fcore  of  kingdoms  you  fhould  wrangle, 
And  I  would  call  it  fair  play. 

Alon.  If  this  prove 
A  virion  of  the  Ifland,  one  dear  fon 
Shall  I  twice  lofe. 

Seb.  A  mod  high  miracle ! 

^Fer.  Though  the  feas  threaten,  they  are  merciful: 
I've  curs'd  them  without  caufe. 

Alon.  Now  all  the  bleffings  [Ferd.  kneels. 

Of  a  glad  father  compafs  thee  about! 
Arife,  and  fay  how  *hou  cam'ft  here. 

Mira.  O  !  wonder ! 
How  many  goodly  creatures  are  there  here  ? 
How  beauteous  mankind  is!  O  brave  new  world, 
That  has  fuch  people  in't ! 
Pro.  'Tis  new  to  thee. 

Alon.  What  is  this  maid,  with  whom  thou  waft  at  play  ? 
Your  eld'ft  acquaintance  cannot  be  three  hours  : 
Is  fhe  the  goddefs  that  hath  fever'd  us, 
And  brought  us  thus  together? 

Fer.  Sir,  fhe's  mortal ; 
But,  by  immortal  providence,  fhe's  mine* 
I  chofe  her,  when  I  could  not  ask  my  father 
For  his  Advice:  nor  thought,  I  had  one:  fhe 
Is  daughter  to  this  famous  Duke  of  Milan, 
Of  whom  fo  often  I  have  heard  renown, 
But  never  faw  before  5  of  whom  I  have 
Receiv'd  a  fecond  life,  and  fecond  father 
This  lady  makes  him  to  me. 

Alon.  I  am  hers* 
But,  oh,  how  odly  will  it  found,  that  I 
Mult  ask  my  child  forgivenefs ! 

Pro. 


The   TEMPEST.  71 

Pro.  There,  Sir,  flop  5 
Let  us  not  burthen  our  remembrance  with 
An  heavinefs  that's  gone. 

Gen.  I've  inly  wept, 
Or  fhould  have  fpoke  ere  this.   Look  down,  you  Gods, 
And  on  this  couple  drop  a  blefled  crown : 
For  it  is  you,  that  have  chalk'd  forth  the  way, 
Which  brought  us  hither ! 

Alon.  I  fay,  Amen^  Gonzalo! 

Gon.  Was  Milan  thruft  from  Milan^  that  his  iflue 
Should  become  Kings  of  Naples !  O  rejoice 
Beyond  a  common  joy,  and  fet  it  down 
In  gold  on  lafting  pillars !  in  one  voyage 
Did  Claribel  her  husband  find  at  Tunis  > 
And  Ferdinand^  her  brother,  found  a  wife, 
Where  he  himfelf  was  loftj  Profpero  his  Dukedom, 
In  a  poor  Ifle  j  and  all  of  us,  our  felves, 
When  no  man  was  his  own. 

Alon.  Give  me  your  hands : 
Let  grief,  and  forrow  ftill  embrace  his  heart, 
That  doth  not  wifh  you  joy ! 

Gon.  Be'tfo,  Amen! 

Enter  Ariel,   with  the  Mafier  and  Boatfwain  amazedly 

following. 

0  look,  Sir,  look,  Sir,  here  are  more  of  us ! 

1  prophefy'd,  if  a  gallows  were  on  land, 

This  fellow  could  not  drown.     Now,  blafphemy, 
That  fwear'fi:  grace  o'erboard,  not  an  oath  on  ihore  ? 
Haft  thou  no  mouth  by  land?  what  is  the  news? 

Boatf.  The  beft  news  is,  that  we  have  fafely  found 
Our  King  and  company ;  the  next,  our  fliip, 
Which  but  three  glaffes  fince  we  gave  out  fplit, 
Is  tight  and  yare,  and  bravely  rigg'd,  as  when 
We  firfl:  put  out  to  fea. 

Ari.  Sir,  all  this  fervice 
Have  I  done  fince  I  went. 

Pro.  My  trickfey  fpirit ! 

Alon.  Thefe  are  not  natural  events  5  they  ftrengthen, 
From  ftrange  to  ftranger.  Sav,  how  came  you  hither? 

F  4  Boatf. 


7t         ^TEMPEST. 

Boat/.  If  I  did  think,  Sir,  I  were  well  awake, 
I'd  flrive  to  tell  you.     We  were  dead  a-fleep, 
And,  how  we  know  not,  all  clapt  under  hatches, 
Where  but  ev'n  now  with  ftrange  and  fev'ral  noifes 
Of  roaring,  fhrieking,  howling,  jingling  chains, 
And  more  diverfity  of  founds,  all  horrible, 
We  were  awak'dj  ftraightway  at  liberty: 
Where  we,  in  all  her  trim,  frefhly  beheld  (33) 
Our  royal,  good  and  gallant  fhip  5  our  mafter 
Cap'ring  to  eye  her  5  on  a  trice,  fo  pleafe  you, 
Ev'n  in  a  dream,  were  we  divided  from  them, 
And  were  brought  moping  hither. 

Ari.  Was't  well  done  ? 

Pro.  Bravely,  my  diligence  j  thou  fhalt  be  free. 

Alon.  This  is  as  ftrange  a  maze  as  e'er  men  trod, 
And  there  is  in  this  bufinefs  more  than  nature 
Was  ever  conduct  of  j  fome  oracle 
Muft  re&ify  our  knowledge. 

Pro.  Sir,  my  Liege, 
Do  not  infefl;  your  mind  with  beating  on 
The  ftrangenefs  of  this  bufinefs  5  at  pickt  leifurc 
(Which  fhall  be  fhortly)  Angle  I'll  refolve  you, 
Which  to  you  fhall  feem  probable,  of  every 
Thefe  happen'd  accidents  >  till  when  be  chearful, 
And  think  of  each  thing  well.     Come  hither,  lpiritj 
Set  Caliban  and  his  companions  free : 
Untie  the  fpell.     How  fares  my  gracious  Sir? 
There  are  yet  miffing  of  your  company 
Some  few  odd  lads,  that  you  remember  not. 

(33)   Where  ive,  in  all  our  'Trim,  frejhly  beheld 

Our  royal,  good  and  gallant  Ship; ]  What  was  their  Trim, 

would  the  Editors  have  us  conceive  ?  The  Fright  that  they  had  been  put 
into,  by  the  Diverfity  of  Noifes  ?  But,  as  Dr.  Thirlby  rightly  obferv'd  to 
Me,  the  Trim  is  to  be  underftood  of  the  Ship,  and  not  of  the  Crew.  An4 
this  very  Exprefiion  occurs  again  in  the  Comedy  of  Errors  ; 

The  Ship  is  in  her  Trim ;  the  merry  Wind 

Blows  fair  from  Land,  &c. 
And  Milton  has  likewife  copied  the  Exprefiion  ; 

.  Behold  a  ftately  Ship, 

Proud  of  her  ga-ivdy  Trim,  comes  this  <way  failings 

With  all  her  Brav'ry  on. 

Enter 


^TEMPEST.  7j 

Enter  Ariel,  driving  in  Caliban,  Stephano,  and  Trin- 
culo,  in  their  ftolen  apparel. 

Ste.  Every  man  fhift  for  all  the  reft,  and  let  no  man 
take  care  for  himfelf  >  for  all  is  but  fortune  j  Coragio^ 
bully-monfter,  Coragio  ! 

?rin.  If  thefe  be  true  fpies,  which  I  wear  in  my  head, 
here's  a  goodly  fight. 

Cat.  O  Setebos,  thefe  be  brave  fpirits,  indeed ! 
How  fine  my  mailer  is !  I  am  afraid, 
He  will  chaftife  me. 

Seb.  Ha,  ha  5 
What  things  are  thefe,  my  lord  Anthonio  ! 
Will  mony  buy  'em? 

Ant.  Very  like  5  one  of  them 
Is  a  plain  fifh,  and  no  doubt  marketable. 

Pro.  Mark  but  the  badges  of  thefe  men,  my  lords, 
Then  fay,  if  they  be  true :  this  mif-fhap'd  knave, 
His  mother  was  a  witch,  and  one  fo  ftrong 
That  could  controul  the  moon,  make  flows  and  ebbs« 
And  deal  in  her  command  without  her  power  : 
Thefe  three  have  robb'd  me  5  and  this  demy-devil 
(For  he's  a  baftard  one)  had  plotted  with  them 
To  take  my  life  -,  two  of  thefe  fellows  you 
Muft  know  and  own  5  this  thing  of  darknefs  I 
Acknowledge  mine. 

Cat.  1  mail  be  pincht  to  death. 

Alon.  Is  not  this  Stephano^  my  drunken  butler? 

Seb.  He's  drunk  now  :  where  had  he  wine  ? 

Alon.  And  Trinculo  is  reeling  ripe  5  where  fhould  they 
Find  this  grand  'lixir,  that  hath  gilded  'em?  ($4) 

How 

(34)  Find  this  grand  Liquor .]  I  certainly  think,  S  hake/pear  e  wrote 
%  Lixir  here;  alluding  to  the  grand  Elixir  of  which  the  Chymifts  of  that 
Age  told  fuch  Wonders,  that  it  would  renew  Youth,  purchafe  Immorta- 
lity, tsV.  and  it  being,  as  they  pretended,  a  Preparation  of  Gold,  they, 
call'd  it  alfo,  Aurum  potahile:  hence,  'tis  probable,  Shakefpeare  fays, 
gilded;  and  to  This,  without  doubt,  he  again  alludes  in  his  Anthony  and 
Cleopatra ; 

How  much  art  thou  unlike  Mark  Antony  ? 

Yet  coming  from  him,  that  great  Med'cihe  hath 

With  his  tincl  gilded  thee. 

But 


74  The   T  E  M  P  E  S  T. 

How  cam'fl:  thou  in  this  pickle? 

%rin.  I  have  been  in  fuch  a  pickle,  fince  I  faw  you 
laft,  that,  I  fear  me,  will  never  out  of  my  bones :  I 
fhall  not  fear  fly-blowing. 

Seb.  Why,  how  now,  Stephano'i 

Ste.  O,  touch  me  not :  I  am  not  Stephano^  but  a  cramp. 

Pro.  You'd  be  King  o'th'  ifle,  Sirrah? 

Ste.  I  mould  have  been  a  fore  one  then. 

Alon.  'Tis  a  ftrange  thing,  as  e'er  I  look'd  on. 

Pro.  He  is  as  difproporxion'd  in  his  manners, 
As  in  his  mape  :  go,  Sirrah,  to  my  cell, 
Take  with  you  your  companions  j  as  you  look 
To  have  my  Pardon,  trim  it  handfomly. 

Cat.  Ay,  that  I  will  5  and  I'll  be  wife  hereafter, 
And  feek  for  grace.     What  a  thrice  double  afs 
Was  I,  to  take  this  drunkard  for  a  god  ? 
And  worfhip  this  dull  fool? 

Pro.  Go  to,  away ! 

Alon.  Hence,  and  beflow  your  luggage  where  you 
found  it. 

Seb.  Or  ftole  it  rather, 

Pro.  Sir,  I  invite  your  highnefs,  and  your  train, 
To  my  poor  cell  5  where  you  fhall  take  your  reft 
For  this  one  night,  which  (part  of  it)  I'll  wafte 
With  fuch  difcourfe,  as,  I  not  doubt,  fhall  make  if 
Go  quick  away  5  the  ftory  of  my  life, 
And  the  particular  accidents  gone  by, 
Since  I  came  to  this  Ifle :  and  in  the  morn 
I'll  bring  you  to  your  fliip>  and  fo  to  Naples  $ 
Where  I  have  hope  to  fee  the  nuptials 
Of  thefeour  dear-beloved  folemniz'dj 
And  thence  retire  me  to  my  Milan,  where 
Every  third  thought  fhall  be  my  grave. 

Alon.  I  long 
To  hear  the  ftory  of  your  life,  which  muft 
Take  the  ear  itrangely. 

But,  in  the  PafTage  before  us,  it  feems  his  Defign  to  joke  upon  theRo- 
domontado  Boafts  of  their  Elixir-,  and  to  iniinuate,  that  Sack  was  the 
©nly  Reftorer  of  Youth,  and  Beftower  of  Immortality. 

Air.  Warburton. 

Pro. 


The   TEMPEST. 


75 


Pro.  Ill  deliver  all 5 
And  promife  you  calm  feas,  aufpicious  gales, 
And  fail  fo  expeditious,  that  fhall  catch 
Your  royal  fleet  far  off:  My  Ariel,  chick, 
That  is  thy  charge:  Then  to  the  elements 
Be  free,  and  fare  thou  well!  Pleafe  you,  draw  near. 

.  [Exeunt  omnes. 


E  P  I- 


EPILOGUE. 

Spoken  by  Tre/pero. 

NO  TV my  charms  are  all  o'er-thrown, 
And  what  ftrength  I  have's  mine  own  j 
Which  is  moft  faint:  and  now ,  'tis  true, 
1  muft  be  here  confined  by  you, 
Orfent  to  Naples.    Let  me  not, 
Since  I  have  my  Dukedom  got, 
And  pardon 'd  the  deceiver ;  dwell 
In  this  bare  ijland  by  your  fpell : 
But  releafe  me  from  my  bands , 
With  the  help  of  your  good  hands. 
Gentle  breath  of  yours  my  fails 
Muft  fill)  or  elfe  my  projecl  fails. 
Which  was  to  pleafe.     For  now  I  want 
Spirits  f  enforce,  art  to  enchant  j 
And  my  ending  is  defpair,  ($f) 
Unlefs  I  be  relieved  by  prayer  $ 
Which  pierces  fo,  that  it  ajfaults 
Mercy  it  felf,  and  frees  all  faults. 

As  you  from  crimes  would  pardon }d  be, 

Let  your  indulgence  fet  me  free. 

(35)  And  my  ending  is  Defpair,]  The  Allufion  is  very  well  kept  up 
in  this  Epilogue.  And  the  Attor  here  is  not  only  applying  to  the  Audi- 
ence for  Favour,  in  behalf  of  the  Author  ;  but  Profpero  {peaks  in  the  Cha- 
racter of  a  Magician  \  and  fo  (as  Mr.  Warburton  hinted  to  me)  alludes 
to  the  old  Stones  told  of  the  Necromancers'  Defpair  in  their  laft  Moments, 
and  the  Prayers  of  their  Friends  for  them. 


Midsummer-Night's 


DREAM. 


Dramatis  Perfonse. 

THESEUS,  Duke  of  Athens. 

Egeus,  an  Athenian  Lord. 

Lyfander,  in  love  with  Hermia. 

Demetrius,  in  love  with  Hermia. 

Philoftrate,  Majler  of  the  Sports  to  the  Duke \ 

Quince,  the  Carpenter. 

Snug,  the  Joiner. 

Bottom,  the  Weaver. 

Flute,  the  Bellows-mender. 

Snowt,  the  Tinker. 

Starveling,  the  Tailor. 

Hippolita,  Princefs  of  the  Amazons,  betrothed  to  Thefeus. 
Hermia,  Daughter  to  Egeus,  in  love  with  Lyfander. 
Helena,  in  love  with  Demetrius. 

Attendants. 

Oberon,  King  of  the  Fairies. 

Titania,  Queen  of  the  Fairies. 

Puck,  or  Robin-goodfellow,  a  Fairy. 

Peafebloflbm,  J 

Cobweb,         (  r  .  . 
Moth,  >  Fames. 

Muftard-feed, ) 

Pyramus, 

x\r  li  f  Characters  in  the  Interlude  performed  by 

™     V       r       *&  Clowns. 
Moonlhine,  V. 

Lyon.  J 

Other  Fairies  attending  on  the  King  and  Queen. 

SCENE,  Athens ;  and  a  Wood  not  far  from  it* 


A  Midsummer-Night's 

DREAM. 


ACT! 

SCENE,    the  Duke's  Palace  in  Athens. 

Enter Thefeus,  Hippolita,  Philoftrate,  with  attendants. 

Theseu  s. 

■O  W,  fair  Hippolita^  our  nuptial  hour 
Draws  on  apace >  four  happy  days  bring  in 
Another  moon :  but  oh,  methinks,  how  flow 
This  old  moon  wanes !  flie  lingers  my  defires, 
Like  to  a  flep-dame,  or  a  dowager, 
Long  withering  out  a  young  man's  revenue. 

Hip.  Four  days  will  quickly  fteep  themfelvesin  night  j 
Four  nights  will  quickly  dream  away  the  time : 
And  then  the  moon,  like  to  a  filver  bow 
New  bent  in  heaven,  fhall  behold  the  night 
Of  our  folemnities. 

The.  Go,    Philoftrate, 
Stir  up  th'  Athenian  youth  to  merriments, 
Awake  the  pert  and  nimble  fpirit  of  mirth  : 
Turn  melancholy  forth  to  funerals, 
The  pale  companion  is  not  for  our  pomp.     [Exit  Phi. 
Hippolita,  I  woo'd  thee  with  my  fword, 

And 


8  o       A  Midfummer- Night's  Dream. 

And  won  thy  love,  doing  thee  injuries  : 

But  I  will  wed  thee  in  another  key, 

With  pomp,  with  triumph,  and  with  revelling. 

Enter  Egeus,  Hermia,  Lyfander,  and  Demetrius. 

Ege.  Happy  be  Thefeus,  our  renowned  Duke ! 

7he.  Thanks,  good  Egeus  \  what's  the  news  with  thee  ? 

Ege.  Full  of  vexation,  come  I  with  Complaint 
Againft  my  child,  my  daughter  Hermia. 
Stand  forth)  Demetrius.  —  My  noble  lord, 
This  man  hath  my  confent  to  marry  her. 
Stand  forth)  Lyfander.  —  And,  my  gracious  Duke, 
This  man  hath  witch'd  the  bofom  of  my  child  : 
Thou,  thou,  Lyfander)  thou  haft  giv'n  her  rhimeSj 
And  interchang'd  love-tokens  with  my  child: 
Thou  haft  by  moon-light  at  her  window  fung, 
With  feigning  voice,  verfes  of  feigning  love  j 
And  ftoll'n  th'  impreflion  of  her  fantafie, 
With  bracelets  of  thy  hair,  rings,  gawds,  conceits, 
Knacks,  trifles,  nofegays,  fweet- meats*  (meflengers 
Of  ftrong  prevailment  in  unharden'd  youth) 
With  cunning  haft  thou  filch'd  my  daughter's  heart, 
Turn'd  her  obedience,  which  is  due  to  me, 
To  ftubborn  harfhnefs :  And,  my  gracious  Duke, 
Be't  fo,  fhe  will  not  here  before  your  Grace 
Confent  to  marry  with  Demetrius  5 
I  beg  the  ancient  privilege  of  Athens^ 
As  fhe  is  mine,  I  may  difpofe  of  her  : 
Which  fhall  be  either  to  this  gentleman, 
Or  to  her  death,  according  to  our  law, 
Immediately  provided  in  that  cafe. 

The.  What  fay  you,  Hermia?  be  advis'd,  fair  maid. 
To  you  your  father  fhould  be  as  a  God, 
One,  that  compos'd  your  beauties  5  yea,  and  one, 
To  whom  you  are  but  as  a  form  in  wax 
By  him  imprinted;  and  within  his  power 
To  leave  the  figure,  or  disfigure  it  : 
Demetrius  is  a  worthy  gentleman. 

Her.  So  is  Lyfander. 

The.  In  himfelfheis* 

But 


A  MMfummer-Ntghfs  Dream.       8 1 

But  in  this  kind,  wanting  your  father's  voice^ 
The  other  muft  be  held  the  worthier. 

Her.  I  would,  my  father  look'd  but  with  my  eyes. 

The.  Rather  your  eyes  muft  with  his  judgment  look* 

Her.  I  do  intreat  your  Grace  to  pardon  me: 
I  know  not,  by  what  pow'r  I  am  made  bold  j 
Nor  how  it  may  concern  my  modefty, 
In  fuch  a  prefence  here,  to  plead  my  thoughts  : 
But,  I  befeech  your  Grace,  that  I  may  know 
The  worft,  that  may  befal  me  in  this  cafe, 
If  I  refufe  to  wed  Demetrius. 

The.  Either  to  die  the  death,  or  to  abjure 
For  ever  the  fociety  of  men. 
Therefore,  fair  Hermia^  queftion  your  defires* 
Know  of  your  youth,  examine  well  your  blood, 
Whether,  if  you  yield  not  to  your  father's  choice, 
You  can  endure  the  livery  of  a  nun  5 
For  aye  to  be  in  fhady  cloifter  mew'd, 
To  live  a  barren  fifter  all  your  life, 
Chanting  faint  hymns  to  the  cold,  fruitlefs,  moon? 
Thrice  blefTed  they,  that  mafter  fo  their  blood, 
To  undergo  fuch  maiden  pilgrimage  ! 
But  earthlier  happy  is  the  rofe  diftill'd, 
Than  that,  which,  withering  on  the  virgin  thorn, 
Grows,  lives,  and  dies,  in  fingle  blefTednefs. 

Her.  So  will  I  grow,  fo  live,  fo  die,  my  lord, 
Ere  I  will  yield  my  virgin  patent  up 
Unto  his  lordfhip,  to  whofe  unwifh'd  yoak 
My  foul  confents  not  to  give  Sov'reignty. 

The.  Take  time  to  paufe  j  and  by  the  next  new  moon, 
(The  fealing  day  betwixt  my  love  and  me, 
For  everlafting  bond  of  fellowship) 
Upon  that  day  either  prepare  to  die, 
For  difobedience  to  your  father's  will  5 
Or  elfe  to  wed  Demetrius^  as  he  would 5 
Or  on  Diana's  altar  to  proteft, 
For  aye,  aufterity  and  fingle  life. 

Dem.  Relent,  fweet  Hermia  5  and,  Lyfander^  yield 
Thy  crazed  title  to  my  certain  right. 

Vol.  I.  Q  Lyf. 


S  z      A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream* 

Lyf.  You  have  her  father's  love,  Demetrius; 
Let  me  have  Hermia's;  do  you  marry  him. 

Ege.  Scornful  Lyfander!  true,  he  hath  my  love^ 
And  what  is  mine,  my  love  mall  render  him. 
And  (he  is  mine,  and  all  my  right  of  her 
I  do  eftate  unto  Demetrius. 

Lyf.  I  am,  my  lord,  as  well  deriv'd  as  he5 
As  well  pofTeft  :  my  love  is  more  than  his : 
My  fortune's  ev'ry  way  as  fairly  ranked, 
If  not  with  vantage,  as  Demetrius : 
And,  which  is  more  than  all  thefe  boafts  can  fac9 
I  am  belov'd  of  beauteous  Hermia. 
Why  mould  not  I  then  profecute  my  right  ? 
Demetrius  (I'll  avouch  it  to  his  head) 
Made  love  ro  Nedar's  daughter,  Helena; 
And  won  her  foul  $  and  me,  fweet  lady,  doats, 
Devoutly  doats,  doats  in  idolatry, 
Upon  this  fpotted  and  inconftant  man. 

The.  I  mud  confefc,  that  I  have  heard  fo  much, 
And  with  Demetrius  thought  t'  have  fpoke  thereof  ^ 
But,  being  over-full  of  felf-afFairs, 
My  mind  did  lofe  it.     But,  Demetrius^  comej 
And  come,  Egeus  5  you  fhall  go  with  me  5 
I  have  fome  private  fchooling  for  you  both. 
For  you,  fair  Hermia,  look,  you  arm  your  felt 
To  fit  your  fancies  to  your  father's  will* 
Or  elfe  the  law  of  Athens  yields  you  up 
(Which  by  no  means  we  may  extenuate) 
To  death,  or  to  a  vow  of  fingle  life. 
Come,  my  Hippolitat,  what  cheer,  my  love? 
Demetrius,  and  Egeus,  go  along  > 
I  mu ft  employ  you  in  fome  buiinefs 
Againft  our  nuptials,  and  confer  with  you 
Of  fomething  nearly  that  concerns  your  felves. 

Ege.  With  duty  and  defire  we  follow  you.      \Exeunt. 
Manent  Lyfander  and  Hermia. 

Lyf.  How  now,  my  love  ?  why  is  your  cheek  fo  pale  ? 
How  chance,  the  roles  there  do  fade  fo  faft  ? 

Her.  Belike,  for  want  of  ram  \  which  I  could  well 
Beteem  them  from  the  tempeft  of  mine  eyes. 

Lyf* 


A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream.       8  5 

Lyf.  Hermia^  for  ought  that  ever  I  could  read, 
Could  ever  hear  by  tale  or  hiftory* 
The  courfe  of  true  love  never  did  run  fmoothj 

But,  either,  it  was  different  in  blood — 

Her.  O  crofs !  —  too  high,  to  be  enthralled  to  low  !  —  (i) 

Lyf  Or  elfe  mifgraffed,  in  refpeft  of  years* 

Her.  O  fpight !  too  old,  to  be  engag'd  to  young ! 
Lyf  Or  elfe  it  flood  upon  the  choice  of  friends— \ 
Her.  O  hell !  to  chufe  love  by  another's  eye ! 
Lyf.  Or  if  there  were  a  fympathy  in  choice, 
War,  death,  or  ficknefs  did  lay  fiege  to  it  j 
Making  it  momentary  as  a  found, 
Swift  as  a  fliadow,  fhort  as  any  dream, 
Brief  as  the  lightning  in  the  collied  night, 
That  (in  a  fpleen)  unfolds  both  heav'n  and  earth  j 
And  ere  a  man  hath  power  to  fay,  Behold! 
The  jaws  of  darknefs  do  devour  it  up  5 
So  quick  bright  things  come  to  confufion.  - — *  ■  ■« 
Her.  If  then  true  lovers  have  been  ever  croft, 

(1)  Too  high,  to  be  enthrall  d to  Love.]  This  Reading  pofTenes  all  the 
Editions,  but  carries  no  juft  meaning  in  it.  Nor  was  Hermia  difpleas'd 
at  being  in  Love  \  but  regretts  the  Inconveniences,  that  generally  attend 
the  Paffion  \  Either,  the  Parties  are  difproportion'd,  in  degree  of  Blood 
and  Quality ;  or  unequal,  in  refpeci  of  Years;  or  brought  together  by  the 
Appointment  of  Friends,  and  not  by  their  own  Choice.  Thefe  are  the 
Complaints  reprefented  by  Ly fonder ;  and  Hermia,  to  ailfwer  to  the  firfl, 
as  fhe  has  done  to  the  other  two,  muft  neceflarily  fay ; 

O  Crofs  !  — -  too  high,  t§  he  enthrall' d  to  low  \ 
So  the  Antithefis  is  kept  up  in  the  Terms ;  and  fo  fhe  is  made  to  con- 
dole the  Difpropoftion  of  Blood  and  Quality  in  Lovers.  And  This  is 
one  of  the  Curfes,  that  Veiius,  on  feeing  Adonis  dead,  prophefies  mall  al- 
ways attend  Love,in  our  Authors  Poem,  call'd,  VE  NU  Stood  ADO  Nl§-> 
Stanz.  190. 

Since  thou  art  dead,  k  f  here  I  profhefie, 
Sorrow  on  Love  hereafter  fhall  attend ; 
ft  fhall  he  'waited  en  <with  Jeahufie  ; 
Find  fweet  Beginning,  but  unfanfry  End: 
Ne'er  fettled  equally,  to  high,  tfr  low ; 
That  all  Love's  Pleafures  fhall  nvt  match  his  Woe. 
And  to  the  Young  Prince  complains,  in  the  Winter's  Tale  : 
Leon.     -  ■   *       •■■•  ■"         '—» -  You  are  married ? 
Flo*     We  are  not,  Sir,  nor  are  We  like  to  be  : 

The  Stars,  I  fee,  will  kifs  the  V allies  fir  ft ; 
The  Odds  for  high  and  low's  alike. 

G  %  It 


$4      A Midfutnmer-Nighfs  Drearti. 

It  (lands  as  an  edict  in  deftiny : 

Then,  let  us  teach  our  tryal  patience : 

Becaufe  it  is  a  cuftomary  crofs, 

As  due  to  love,  as  thoughts  and  dreams,  and  fighs, 

Wifhes  and  tears,  poor  fancy's  followers  ! 

Lyf  A  good  perfuafion  *  therefore  hear  me,  Herrnia. 
I  have  a  widow-aunt,  a  dowager 
Of  great  revenue,  and  fhe  hath  no  child  j 
From  Athens  is  her  houfe  remov'd  feven  leagues, 
And  (he  rcfpe&s  me  as  her  only  fon. 
There,  gentle  Hermia^  may  I  marry  thee  j 
And  to  that  place  the  fharp  Athenian  law 
Cannot  purfue  us.     If  thou  lov'ft  me  then, 
Steal  forth  thy  father's  houfe  to  morrow  night  5 
And  in  the  wood,  a  league  without  the  town, 
Where  I  did  meet  thee  once  with  Helena 
To  do  obfervance  to  the  morn  of  May9 
There  will  I  ftav  for  thee. 

Her.  My  good  Ly fancier  ^ 
I  fwear  to  thee  by  Cupid's  ilrongeft  bow, 
By  his  beft  arrow  with  the  golden  head, 
By  the  fimplicity  of  Venus'  doves, 
By  that,  which  knitteth  fouls,  and  profpers  loves  j 
And  by  that  fire  which  burn'd  the  Carthage  Queen, 
When  the  falfe  'Trojan  under  fail  was  feen  j 
By  all  the  vows  that  ever  men  have  broke, 
In  number  more  than  ever  women  fpoke  5 
In  that  fame  place  thou  haft  appointed  me, 
To  morrow  truly  will  I  meet  with  thee. 

Lyf  Keep  promife,  love.  Look,  here  comes  Helena. 

Enter  Helena. 

Her.  God  fpeed,  fair  Helena!  whither  away? 

Hel.  Call  you  me  fair?  that  fair  again  unfayj 
Demetrius  loves  you,  fair*  O  happy  fair! 
Your  eyes  are  load-ftars,  and  your  tongue's  fweet  air 
More  tuneable  than  lark  to  ihepherd's  ear, 
When  wheat  is  green,  when  haw-thorn  buds  appear. 
Sicknefs  is  catching  :  oh,  were  favour  fo ! 
Your  words  I'd  catch,  fair  Herrnia*  ere  I  go  5 

My 


1  A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream.      8j 

My  ear  fhould  catch  your  voice,  my  eye  your  eye  j 
My  tongue  fhould  catch  your  tongue's  fweet  melody. 
Were  the  world  mine,  Demetrius  being  bated, 
The  reft  I'll  give  to  be  to  you  tranflated. 
O  teach  me,  how  you  look  5  and  with  what  art 
You  fway  the  motion  of  Demetrius*  heart. 

Her.  1  frown  upon  him,  yet  he  loves  me  ftill. 

Hel.  Oh,  that  your  frowns  would  teach  my  fmiles 
fuch  skill ! 

Her.  1  give  him  curfes,  yet  he  gives  me  love. 

Hel.  Oh,  that  my  pray'rs  could  fuch  affection  move! 

Her.  The  more  I  hate,  the  more  he  follows  me. 

Hel.  The  more  I  love,  the  more  he  hateth  me. 

Her.  His  Folly,  Helena^  is  no  fault  of  mine. 

Hel  None,  but  your  beauty  3  would  that  fault  were 
mine  ! 

Her.  Take  .comfort  j  he  no  more  fhall  fee  my  face  5 
Lyfander  and  my  felf  will  fly  this  place. 
Before  the  time  I  did  Lyfander  fee, 
Seem'd  Athens  like  a  Paradife  to  me. 
O  then,  what  graces  in  my  love  do  dwell, 
That  he  hath  turn'd  a  heaven  unto  a  hell? 

Lyf.  Helen^  to  you  our  minds  we  will  unfold  j 
To  morrow  night,  when  Phoebe  doth  behold 
Herfilver  vifage  in  the  wat'ry  glafs, 
Decking  with  liquid  pearl  the  bladed  grafs  5 
(A  time,  that  lovers  flights  doth  ftill  conceal) 
Through  Athens'*  gate  have  we  devis'd  to  Ileal. 

Her.  And  in  the  wood,  where  often  you  and  I 
Upon  faint  primrofe-beds  were  wont  to  lye, 
Emptying  our  bofoms  of  their  counfels  fweet  y  (z) 

There 

{2)         Emptying  our  Bofoms  of  their  Counfels  fwell'd ; 
'there  my  Lyfander  and  my  felf  fhall  meet, 
And  thence  from  Athens  turn  away*  our-  Eyes, 
To  feek  new  Friends,  and  ft range  Companions,] 
This  whole  Scene  is  ftri&ly  in  Rhyme  ;  and  that  it  deviates'  in  thefe 
two  Couplets,  I  am  perfuaded,  is  owing  to  the  Ignorance  of  the  firft,  and 
the  Inaccuracy  of  the  later,  Editors :  I  have   therefore  ventur'd  to  re- 
ftore  the  Rhymes,  as   I  make  no  Doubt  but  the  Poet  firft  gave  them , 
jiweet  was  eafily  corrupted  inte  '/weird,  becaufe  That  macje  an  Jnti- 

G  3  thefts 


8  6       A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

There,  my  Ly fancier  and  my  felf  fhall  meet  % 
And  thence  from  Athens  turn  away  our  eyes, 
To  feek  new  friends  and  ftranger  Companies. 
Farewel,  fweet  play-fellow  -9  pray  thou  for  us. 
And  good  luck  grant  thee  thy  Demetrius! 
Keep  word,  Ly  fonder;  we  muft  ftarve  our  fight 
From  Lovers'  food,  'till  morrow  deep  midnight. 

[Exit  Hermia. 

Lyf.  I  will,  my  Hermia. Helena^  adieu  -, 

As  you  on  him,  Demetrius  doat  on  you !     [Exit  Lyfand. 

Hel.  How  happy  fome,  o'er  otherfome,  can  be ! 
Through  Athens  I  am  thought  as  fair  as  fhe. 
But  what  of  that?  Demetrius  thinks  not  fo  : 
He  will  not  know  5  what  all,  but  he,  do  know. 
And  as  he  errs,  doating  on  Hermia'stycSj 
So  I,  admiring  of  his  qualities, 
Things  bafe  and  vile,  holding  no  quantity, 
Love  can  tranfpofe  to  form  and  dignity  : 
Love  looks  not  with  the  eyes,  but  with  the  mii^dj 
And  therefore  is  wing'd  Cm  fid  painted  blind  j 
Nor  hath  love's  mind  of  any  judgment  taftej 
Wings  and  no  eyes  figure  unheedy  hafte. 
And  therefore  is  love  (aid  to  he  a  chilcjj 
Becaufe  in  choice  he  is  fo  oft  beguil'd. 

thefis  to  Emptying :  2xAfirange  Companions  our  Editors  thought  was  plain 
Englijb  ;  bur  ganger  Companies,  a  little  quaint  and  unintelligible.  Jf  raay 
be  necefTary,  in  Proof  of  my  Emendation,  to  mew*  that  our  Author 
elfewhere  ufes  the  Subflqnti<ve  Stranger  adjefii'vely  ;  an4  Companies)  to 
lignify  Companions. 
King  John.  Aft.  5. 

Wherein  ivejtep  after  a  ftranger  March 
Upon  her  gentle  Bofom. 
Rich.  2.  Ad.  1 . 

But  tread  the  ftranger  Baths  ofBani/hment. 
Beaumont  and  Fletcher  have  ufed  it  in  the  like  manner ;  Spani/h  Cu- 
rate, A&.  3. 

To  bring  into  my  Family,  to  fucceed  me, 
The  ftranger  IJfue  of  another's  Bed. 
2  Hen.  V.  Aft.  I. 

Since  his  Addiclion  ivas  to  Courfes  vain, 
His  Companies  unletterd,  rude,  and  Jhallowo. 
And  fo,  in  a  parallel  Word,  Merry  Wives  of  Win dj or,  Aft.  3. 
My  Riots  paf,  my  wild  Societies, 


A  Midfummer- Night's  Dream.       8  7 

As  waggifh  boys  themfelves  in  game  forfwear, 

So  the  boy  Love  is  perjur'd  every  where. 

For  ere  Demetrius  look'd  on  Hermia's  eyne, 

He  hail'd  down  oaths,  that  he  was  only  mincj 

And  when  this  hail  fome  heat  from  Hermia  felt, 

So  he  diffolv'd,  and  fhowers  of  oaths  did  melt. 

I  will  go  tell  him  of  fair  Hermia's  flight : 

Then  to  the  wood  will  he,  to  morrow  night, 

Purfue  her  j  and  for  this  intelligence 

If  I  have  thanks,  it  is  a  dear  expence. 

But  herein  mean  I  to  enrich  my  pain, 

To  have  his  fight  thither,  and  back  again.  \Exit. 

SCENE    changes  to  a  Cottage. 

Enter  Quince,   Snug,  Bottom,  Flute,   Snowt,  and 

Starveling. 

§>uin.  T  S  all  our  company  here  ? 

JL    Bot.  You  were  beft  to  call  them  generally 
man  by  man,  according  to  the  fcrip. 

§uin.  Here  is  the  fcrowl  of  every  man's  name,  which 
is  thought  fit,  through  all  Athens,  to  play  in  our  in- 
terlude before  the  Duke  and  Dutchefs,  on  his  wedding- 
day  at  night. 

Bot.  Firft,  good  Peter  Quince,  fay  what  the  play 
treats  on  5  then  read  the  names  of  the  actors  j  and  fo 
grow  on  to  a  point. 

Quin.  Marry,  our  play  is  the  moil  lamentable  come- 
dy, and  moft  cruel  death  of  Pyramus  and  Thisby. 

Bot.  A  very  good  piece  of  work,  I  aflure  you,  and 
a  merry.  Now,  good  Peter  Quince,  call  forth  your 
aftors  by  the  fcrowl.     Matters,  fpread  your  felves. 

§uin.  Anfwer,  as  I  call  you.  Nick  Bottom,  the  weaver. 

Bot.  Ready :  name  what  part  I  am  for,  and  proceed. 

Ghtin.  You,  Nick  Bottom,  are  fet  down  for  Pyramus. 

Bot.  What  is  Pyramus,  a  lover,  or  a  tyrant  ? 

§h*in.  A  lover,  that  kills  himfelf  moft  gallantly  for 
love. 

Bot.  That  will  ask  fome  tears  in  the  true  perform - 

G  4  ing 


8  8       A  Midfummer- Night's  Dream. 

ing  of  it  5  if  I  do  it,    let  the  audience  look  to  their, 
eyes ;   I  will  move  ftorms  $    I    will  condole  in   fome 

meafure.     To  the    reft  y- yet,  my  chief  humour  is 

for  a  tyrant  -y  I  could  play  Ercles  rarely,  or  a  part  to 
tear  a  cat  in:  To  make  all  fplit — —(3)  "  the  raging 
<c  rocks,  and  fhivering  mocks  fhall  break  the  locks  of 
ct  prifon-gates —  and  Phibbus  carr  fhall  mine  from  far, 
4<  and  make  and  mar  the  foolifh  fates"*— — This  was 
lofty.  Now  name  the  reft  of  the  players.  This  is  Ercles* 
vein,  a  tyrant's  vein  $  a  lover  is  more  condoling. 
ghiin.  Francis  Flute,  the  bellows-mender. 
Flu.  Here,  Peter  Quince. 
S%uin.  You  muft  take  Thisby  on  you. 
Flu.   What  is  Thisby,  a  wand'ring  Knight? 
£>uin.  It  is  the  lady,   that  Pyrdmus  muft  love. 
Flu.  Nay,  faith,  let  not  me  play  a  woman  ,  I  have  a 
beard  coming. 

6>uin.  That's  all  one,  you  fhall  play  it  in  a  mafque  $ 
and  you  may  fpeak  as  fmall,  as  you  will. 

Bot.  An  I  may  hide  my  face,  let  me  play  thisby 
too  5  I'll  fpeak  in  a  monftrous  little  voice,  Thi[ne\ 
Thifne;  ah,  Pyramus,  my  lover  dear,  thy  Thisby  dear, 
and  lady  dear. 

Quin.  No,  no,  you  muft  play  Py ramus  $  and  Flute  ^ 
you,  Thisby. 

Bot.  Well,  proceed. 
6)um.  Robin  Starveling,  the  taylor. 
Star,  Here,  Peter  Quince. 

Quin.  Robin  Starveling,   you  muft  play  Thisby' s  mo- 
ther. (4) 

(3)  The  raging  "Rocks 

And  jhi-cering  Shocks,  &c]  I  prefume  This  to  be  either  a  Quotation 
from  fome  fuftian  old  Play,  which  I  have  not  been  able  to  trace;  or  if 
not  a  direct  Quotation,  a  Ridicule  on  fome  bombafl  Rants,  very  near 
refembling  it. 

(4)  you  muft  play  Thisby V  Mother.']    There  feems  a  double  For- 

getfulnefs  of  our  Poet,  in  relation  to  the  Characters  of  this  Interlude. 
The  Father  and  Mother  of  Thisbe,  and  the  Father  of  Py  ramus,  are  here 
mention'd,  who  do  not  appear  at  all  in  the   Interlude:  but  ?^W/and 

Moonjhine  are  Both  employ'd  in  it,  of  whom  there  is  not  the  leaft  No- 
tice taken  here. 

Tom 


A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream.      8  9 

font  Snowt^  the  tinker. 

Snowt.  Here,  Peter  Quince. 

6)uin.  You,  Pyramus's  father  5  my  felf,  Ifhisby's  fa- 
ther j  £Wg,  the  joiner  j  you,  the  lion's  part  5  I  hope, 
there  is  a  play  fitted. 

Snug.  Have  you  the  lion's  part  written?  pray  you, 
if  it  be,  give  it  me,  for  I  am  flow  of  ftudy. 

§>uin.  You  may  do  it  extempore,  for  it  is  nothing 
but  roaring. 

Bot.  Let  me  play  the  Lion  too  3  I  will  roar,  that  I 
will  do  any  man's  heart  good  to  hear  me.  I  will 
roar,  that  I  will  make  the  Duke  fay,  let  him  roar  a- 
gain,  let  him  roar  again. 

§)uin.  If  you  fhould  do  it  too  terribly,  you  would 
fright  the  Dutchefs  and  the  ladies,  that  they  would 
fhriek,  and  that  were  enough  to  hang  us  all. 
Jill  That  would  hang  us  a>very  mother's  fon. 
Bot.  I  grant  you,  friends,  if  you  fliould  fright  the 
ladies  out  of  their  wits,  they  would  have  no  more  dip- 
cretion  but  to  hang  us  5  but  I  will  aggravate  my  voice 
fo,  that  I  will  roar  you  as  gently  as  any  fucking  dove  j 
I  will  roar  you  an  'twere  any  nightingale. 

§)um.  You  can  play  no  part  but  Pyramus^  for  Pjr- 
ramus  is  a  fweet-fac'd  man  j  a  proper  man,  as  one  {hall 
fee  in  a  fummer's  day  5  a  moft  lovely  gentleman- like 
man :  therefore  you  muft  needs  play  Pyramus. 

Bot.  Well,  I  will  undertake  it.  What  beard  were  I 
be  ft  to  play  it  in  ? 

Sguin.  Why,  what  you  will. 

Bot.  I  will  difcharge  it  in  either  your  ftraw-colour 
beard,  your  orange-tawny-beard,  your  purple- in-grain 
beard,  or  your  French  crown-colour'd  beard  $  your 
perfect  yellow. 

Quin.  Some  of  your  French  crowns  have  no  hair  at 
all,  and  then  you  will  play  bare-fac'd.  But,  matters, 
here  are  your  parts  j  and  I  am  to  intreat  you,  requeft 
you,  and  defire  you,  to  con  them  by  to  morrow  night  5 
and  meet  me  in  the  palace-wood,  a  mile  without  the 
town,  by  moon-light,  there  we  will  rehearfej  for  if 
we  meet  in  the  city,  we  fl*all  t>e  dog'd  with  company; 

and 


^o       A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

and  our  devices  known.  In  the  mean  time  I  will 
draw  a  bill  of  properties,  fuch  as  our  play  wants.  I 
pray  you,  fail  me  not. 

Bot.  We  will  meet,  and  thcjre  we  may  rehearfe  more 
obfcenely  and  courageoufly.     Take  pains,  be  perfect, 

adieu. 

Ghtin.  At  the  Duke's  oak  we  meet. 

Bot.  Enough  >  hold,  or  cut  bow-ftrings.  —  [Exeunt* 


A  C  T   II.  ■ 

SCENE,  a  Wood. 

Enter  a  Fairy  at  one  d$ory  and  Puck  (or  Robin-good» 

fellowy  at  another. 

Puck. 

HO  W  now,  fpirit,  whither  wander  you ? 
Fat.  Over  hill,  over  dale, 
Through  bufh,  through  briar, 
Over  park,  over  pale, 
Through  flood,  through  fire, 
I  do  wander  every  where, 
Swifter  than  the  moon's  fphere  j 
And  I  ferve  the  Fairy  Queen, 
To  dew  her  orbs  upon  the  green  y 
The  cowflips  tall  her  penfioners  be, 
In  their  gold  coats  fpots  you  fee, 
Thofe  be  rubies,  Fairy-favours  : 
In  thofe  freckles  live  their  favours : 
I  muft  go  feek  fome  dew-drops  here, 
And  hang  a  pearl  in  every  cowflip's  ear. 
Farewel,  thou  lob  of  fpirits,  I'll  be  gone, 
Our  Qjeen  and  all  her  elves  come  here  anon. 

Puck.  The  King  doth  keep  his  revels  here  to  night, 
Take  heed,  the  Queen  come  not  within  his  fight. 

For 


A  Midfummer- Nights  Dream.      5 1 

For  Oberon  is  parting  fell  and  wrath, 
Becaufe  that  Ine,  as  her  attendant,  hath 
A  lovely  boy,  ftol'n  from  an  Indian  King : 
She  never  had  fo  fweet  a  changeling  \ 
And  jealous  Oberon  would  have  the  child 
Knight  of  his  train,  to  trace  the*forefts  wild* 
But  £he  per-force  with-holds  the  loved  boy, 
Crowns  him  with  flow'rs,  and  makes  him  all  her  joy, 
And  now  they  never  meet  in  grove,  or  green, 
By  fountain  clear,  or  fpangled  ftar-light  fheen, 
But  they  do  fquare,  that  all  their  elves  for  fear 
Creep  into  acorn  cups,  and  hide  them  there. 

Fat.  Or  I  miftake  your  fhape  and  making  quite, 
Or  elfe  you  are  that  flirewd,  and  knavifh  fprite, 
Call'd  Robin- goodfellow*     Are  you  not  he, 
That  fright  the  maidens  of  the  villageree, 
Skim  milk,  and  fometimes  labour  in  the  quern, 
And  bootlefs  make  the  breathlefs  hufwife  chern  j 
And  fometime  make  the  drink  to  bear  no  barm, 
Mif-lead  night-wand'rers,  laughing  at  their  harm  ? 
Thofe  that  Hobgoblin  call  you,  and  fweet  Pucky 
You  do  their  work,  and  they  {hall  have  good  luck. 
Are  not  you  he  ? 

Puck,  Thou  fpeak'ft  aright  5 
I  am  that  merry  wand'rer  of  the  nights 
I  jeft  to  Obeyon^  and  make  him  finite, 
When  I  a  fat  and  bean-fed  horfe  beguile, 
Neighing  in  likenefs  of  a  filly-foal  5 
And  fometimes  lurk  I  in  a  goflip's  bowl, 
In  very  likenefs  of  a  roafted  crab, 
And  when  fhe  drinks,  againft  her  lips  I  bob, 
And  on  her  wither'd  dewlap  pour  the  ale. 
The  wifeft  aunt,  telling  the  faddeft  tale, 
Sometime  for  three-foot  flool  miftaketn  me* 
Then  flip  I  from  her  bum,  down  topples  fhe, 
And  tailor  cries,  and  falls  into  a  cough  $ 
And  then  the  whole  quire  hold  their  hips,  and  loffe, 
And  waxen  m  their  mirth,  and  neeze,  and  fwear, 
£.  merrier  hour  was  never  wafted  there. 

But 


P  t      A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

But  make  room,  fairy,  here  comes  Oberon. 

Fai.  And  here  my  miftrefs :  would,  that  he  were  gone ! 

Enter  Oberon  King  of  Fairies  at  one  door  with  his  train^ 
and  the  Queen  at  another  with  hers. 

Ob.  Ill  met  by  moon-light,  proud  Titania. 

Queen..  What,  jealous  Oberon  ?  fairies,  skip  hence, 
I  have  forfworn  his  bed  and  company. 

Ob.  Tarry,  rafh  wanton  -,  am  not  I  thy  lord  ? 

Queen.  Then  I  muft  be  thy  lady  3  but  I  know, 
When  thou  ha'ft  ftoll'n  away  from  fairy  land, 
And  in  the  fliape  of  Corin  fate  all  day, 
Playing  on  pipes  of  corn,  and  verfing  love 
To  am'rous  Phillida.     Why  art  thou  here, 
Come  from  the  fartheft  fteep  of  India  ? 
But  that,  forfooth,  the  bouncing  Amazon, 
Your  buskin'd  miftrefs  and  your  warrior  Love, 
To  The  feus  muft  be  wedded  5  and  you  come 
To  give  their  bed  joy  and  profperity. 

Ob.  How  can?ft  thou  thus  for  fhamc,  Titania9 
Glance  at  my  credit  with  Hippolita 5 
Knowing,  I  know  thy  love  to  The  feus? 
Didft  tjiou  not  lead  him  through  the  glimmering  night 
From  Perigune^  whom  he  ravifhed  $  (f) 
And  make  him  with  fair ALgle  break  his  faith, 
With  Ariadne^  and  Antiopa  ? 

Queen.  Thefe  are  the  forgeries  of  jealoufie : 
And  never  fincc  the  middle  fummer's  fpring 

(5)  From  Pcrigenia,  nvhom  be  rawi/frd  :]  Thus  all  the  Editors,  either 
not  knowing,  or  not  attending  to,  the  Hiitory  of  this  Lady,  have  falfely 
call'd  her :  but  our  Author,  who  diligently  perus'd  Plutarch,  and  glean'd 
from  him,  where  his  Subject  would  admit,  knew,  from  the  Life  of 
^hefeus,  that  her  Name  was  Perigyne ;  (or  Perigune)  by  whom  Thefeus 
had  his  Son  Melanippus.  She  was  the  Daughter  of  Sinnis  a  cruel  Rob- 
ber, and  Tormenter  of  Paflengers  in  the  Ifthmus.  Plutarch  and  Atht- 
ti<eus  are  both  exprefs  in  the  Circumftance  of  Thefeus  raviihing  her  :  and 
the  Former  of  them  adds  (as  Diod.  Siculus>  Apollodorus  and  Paufaniast 
likewife  tell  us ;)  that  he  killed  her  Father  into  the  Bargain.  I  correc- 
ted this  Miftake  of  the  Name  in  my  SHAKES PE4&E  rejiord ; 
and  Kir.  P*pe  has  vouchsafed  to  correft  from  Me  in  his  lait  Edition. 

$  Met 


A  Midfummer-  Night's  Dream.       9  $ 

Met  we  on  hill,  in  dale,  foreft,  or  mead, 

By  paved  fountain,  or  by  rufhy  brook, 

Or  on  the  beached  margent  of  the  fea, 

To  dance  our  ringlets  to  the  whittling  wind, 

But  with  thy  brawls  thou  haft  difturb'd  our  fport. 

Therefore  the  winds,  piping  to  us  in  vain, 

As  in  revenge,  have  fuck'd  up  from  the  fea 

Contagious  fogs  j  which  falling  in  the  land, 

Have  every  pelting  river  made  fo  proud, 

That  they  have  over- born  their  continents. 

The  ox  hath  therefore  ftretch'd  his  yoak  in  vain, 

The  ploughman  loft  his  fweat  >  and  the  green  corn 

Hath  rotted,  ere  its  youth  attain'd  a  beard. 

The  fold  ftands  empty  in  the  drowned  field, 

And  crows  are  fatted  with  the  murrion  Hock  j 

The  nine-mens  morris  is  fill'd  up  with  mud, 

And  the  queint  mazes  in  the  wanton  green, 

For  lack  of  tread,  are  undiftinguifhable. 

The  human  mortals  want  their  winter  here,  (6) 

No 

(6)  ■  ■  want  their  Winter  here.]  The  concluding  Word  is,  cer- 
tainly, a  very  dragging  Expletive :  and  tho'  I  have  not  venturM  to  dis- 
place it,  I  fcarce  believe  it  genuine.     I  once  fufpe£ted  it  fhould  be 

— — want  their  <winter  Chear ; 

i.  e.  their  Jollity,  ufual  Merry-makings  at  that  Seafon.  Mr.  Warhurton 
has  ingenioufly  advanced  a  more  refin'd  Emendation ;  which  I'll  fubjoin 
with  his  own  Reafoning,  in  Confirmation. 

"  Is  it  an  aggravating  Circumftance  of  the  Miferies  here  recapitula- 
"  ted,  that  the  wretched  Sufferers  want  their  Winter  ?  On  the  contra- 
il ry,  in  the  Defcriptions  of  the  Happinefs  of  the  Golden  Age,  it  was 
:s  always  counted  an  Addition  to  it,  that  they  wanted  Winter.  It  feems 
**  as  plain  to  Me  as  day,  that  we  ought  to  read  :j 

>- want  their  Winters  heried  ; 

"  i.  e.  prais'd,  celebrated;  an  Old  Word:  and  the  Line,  that  follows, 

'  Ihews  the  propriety  of  it  here.     The  Thing  is  this ;  The  Winter  is  the 

f  Seafon  for  rural  Rejoycings  on  feveral  Accounts;    becaufe  they  have 

c  got  their  Fruits  in,  and  have  wherewithal  to  make  merry.  (And  there- 

"  fore,  well  might  me  fay, 

The  human  Mortals  want  their  Winters  hereid, 
"  when  me  had  defcribed  the  Dearths  of  the  Seafons,  and  the  fruitlefs" 
E  Toil  of  the  Husbandman.)  Then,  the  Gloominefs  of  the  Seafon,  and  the 
;  Vacancy  of  it,  encourage  them  to  it ;  and  laftly,  which  is  principally  in- 
'  timated  here,  (notwithftanding  the  Impropriety  of  the  Sentiment,  as  it  is 
'  circumftanc'd)  fmce  Chri/iitmity,  this  Seafon^  on  Account  of  the  Birth  of 

"  the 


3>4      A  Midfummer- Night's  Dredm. 

No  night  is  now  with  hymn  or  carol  bleft> 

Therefore  the  moon,  the  governefs  of  floods,  | 

Pale  in  her  anger,  wafhes  all  the  air  j 

That  rheumatick  difeafes  do  abound. 

And  thorough  this  diftemperature,  we  fee 

The  feafons  alter  j  hoary-headed  frofts 

Fall  in  the  frefh  lap  of  the  crimfon  rofe  $ 

And  on  old  Hyems1  chin,  and  icy  crown, 

An  od'rous  chaplet  of  fweet  fumraer-buds 

Is,  as  in  mockery,  fet.     The  fpring,  the  fummer, 

The  childing  autumn,  angry  winter,  change 

Their  wonted  liveries  j  and  th'  amazed  world, 

By  their  increafe,  now  knows  not  which  is  which  $ 

And  this  fame  progeny  of  evil  comes 

From  our  debate,  from  our  diflenfion  % 

We  are  their  parents  and  original. 

Ob.  Do  you  amend  it  then,  it  lyes  in  you. 
Why  fhould  Titania  crofs  her  Oberon? 
I  do  but  beg  a  little  changeling  boy, 
To  be  my  henchman, 

Queen.  Set  your  heart  at  reft, 
The  fairy-land  buys  not  the  child  of  me. 
His  mother  was  a  votrefs  of  my  order, 
And,  in  the  fpiced  Indian  air  by  night, 
Full  often  flie  hath  goflipt  by  my  fide* 
And  fat  with  me  on  Neptune's  yellow  fands, 
Marking  th'  embarked  traders  on  the  flood, 
When  we  have  laught  to  fee  the  fails  conceive, 
And  grow  big-bellied  with  the  wancon  wind : 

"  the  Author  of  our  Faith,  is  particularly  devoted  to  Feftivity:  and  to  this 
"  Cuftom,  be  afTur'd,  Hymn  or  Carol  blefi  alludes. 

I  fhould  undoubtedly  have  advancd  this  Conjetture  into  the  Text, 
could  I  have  ever  trae'd  the  Word  in  any  of  S  hake/pear  e's  Writings ; 
but  I  think,  he  rather  feems  fond  of  hallow  d.  CHAUCER  and 
SPENCER,  I  know,  Both  ufe  herie,  very  frequently:  from  the 
Latter  I'll  produce  a  PafTage,  where  in  one  Couplet  it  is  join'd  with 
Hymn  and  Carol,  as  here  in  our  Author  ; 

Wri  wouldejl  thou  learn  to  carol  ofLonxe, 
And  hery  with  hymns  thy  Lajfes  Glove. 

Y*L  Shepherd'/  Kalendar,  for  the  Month  of  February. 

Which 


A  Midfumtner-Nighfs  Dream.      9  5 

Which  fhe,  with  pretty  and  with  fwimming  gate,  (7) 
Follying  (her  womb  then  rich  with  my  young  fquire) 
Would  imitate  j  and  fail  upon  the  land, 
To  fetch  me  trifles,  and  return  again, 
As  from  a  voyage  rich  with  merchandize. 
But  flie,  being  mortal,  of  that  boy  did  die  > 
And,  for  her  fake,  I  do  rear  up  her  boy  5 
And,  for  her  fake,  I  will  not  part  with  him. 

Ob.  How  long  within  this  wood  intend  you  ftay^? 

Sjhieen.  Perchance,  'till  after  Thefeus*  wedding  day. 
If  you  will  patiently  dance  in  our  round, 
And  fee  our  moon-light  revels,  go  with  us  5 
If  not,  fhun  me,  and  I  will  fpare  your  haunts. 

Ob.  Give  me  that  boy,  and  I  will  go  with  thee. 

^ueen.  Not  for  thy  fairy  kingdom.     Elves,  away : 
We  fhall  chide  downright,  if  I  longer  ftay. 

[Exeunt  Queen  and  her  Train, 

Ob.  Well,  go  thy  way  j  thou  fhalt  not  from  thisgrove^ 

'Till  I  torment  thee  for  this  injury.  — 

My  gentle  Puck,  come  hither 3  thou  remember'ft 

Since  once  I  fat  upon  a  promontory, 

And  heard  a  Mermaid,  on  a  Dolphin's  back, 

Uttering  fuch  dulcet  and  harmonious  breath, 

That  the  rude  fea  grew  civil  at  her  fong  5 

And  certain  ftars  fhot  madly  from  their  fpheres, 

To  hear  the  fca-maid's  mufick. 

Puck.  I  remember. 

Ob.  That  very  time  I  faw,  but  thou  could'ft  not. 
Flying  between  the  cold  moon  and  the  earth, 

(7)  Which  Jhe  with  pretty  and  with  fwimming  gate, 
Following  [her  Womb  then  rich  with  my  young  Squire) 
Would  imitate;]  Following  What?  She  did  not  follow  the  Ship 
whofe  Motion  (he  imitated  ',  for  That  fail'd  on  the  Water,  She  on  the 
Land.  And  if  by  following,  we  are  to  underftand,  copying ;  it  is  a 
mere  Pleonafm,  that  Meaning  being  included  in  the  Word  imitate. 
From  Circumftances  in  the  Context,  there  is  great  Reafon  to  think  our 
Author  wrote,  follying.  i.  e.  wantoning,  in  Sport  and  Gaiety ;  fo  the  old 
Writers  ufed  Follity  for  Foolifhnefs ;  and  Both  Words  are  from,  and  in 
the  Senfe  offoldtrer,  to  play  the  Wanton.  And  this  admirably  agrees 
with  the  Action,  for  which  fhe  is  here  commended,  and  with  the  Con- 
text ;  full  often  has  fie  goffip'd  by  myfde,  and,  When  we  have 

laugh' d  to  fee,  fcc.  Mr.  Warbarton: 

Cupid 


$6      A  Midfumrner-Nighfs  Dream. 

Cupid  alarm'd :  a  certain  aim  he  took  (8) 

At  a  fair  Veftal,  throned  by  the  weft, 

And  Ioos'd  his  love-fliaft  fmartly  from  his  bow, 

As  it  fliould  pierce  a  hundred  thoufand  hearts  -, 

But  I  might  fee  young  Cupid's  fiery  fhaft 

Quench'd  in  the  chafte  beams  of  the  wat'ry  moon, 

And  the  Imperial  Votrefs  paffed  on, 

In  maiden  meditation,  fancy-free. 

Yet  msirk'd  I  where  the  bolt  of  Cupid  fell, 

It  fell  upon  a  little  weftern  flower  j 

Before  milk-white,  now  purple  with  love's  wound} 

And  maidens  call  it  Love  in  idlenefs. 

Fetch  me  that  flow'r  j  (the  herb  I  fhew'd  thee  once  $) 

The  juice  of  it  on  fleeping  eye-lids  laid, 

"Will  make  or  man,  or  woman,  madly  doat 

Upon  the  next  live  creature  that  it  fees. 

Fetch  me  this  herb,  and  be  thou  here  again, 

Ere  the  Ltviatban  can  fwim  a  league. 

Puck.  I'll  put  a  girdle  round  about  the  earth 

In  forty  minutes.  [Exit*. 

Ob.  Having  once  this  juice$ 

I'll  watch  tetania  when  me  is  afleepj 

And  drop  the  liquor  of  it  in  her  eyes : 

The  next  thing  which  fhe  waking  looks  upon, 

(Be  it  on  lyon,  bear,  or  wolf,  or  bull, 

On  medling  monkey,  or  onbufie  ape) 

She  mail  purfue  it  with  the  foul  of  love  : 

And  ere  I  take  this  charm  from  off  her  fight, 

(8)  Cupid all  arm'd  ;]  Surely,  this  prefents  us  with  a  very  unclaflical 
Image.  Where  do  we  read  or  fee,  in  ancient  Books,  or  Monuments, 
Cupid  arm'd  more  than  with  his  Bows  and  Arrows  ?  and  with  thefe  we 
for  ever  fee  him  arm'd.  And  thefe  are  all  the  Arms  he  had  Occafion 
for  in  this  prefent  Action ;  a  more  illuftrious  One,  than  any,  his  Friends, 

the  Clafficks,  ever  brought  him  upon. The  Change  I  make  is  fo 

fmall,  but  the  Beauty  of  the  Thought  fo  great,  which  this  Alteration 
carries  with  it,  that,  I  think,  we  are  not  to  hefitate  upon  it.  For  what 
an  Addition  is  this  to  the  Compliment  made  upon  this  Virgin  Queens 
Celibacy,  that  it  alarm  d  the  Power  of  Love  ?  as  if  his  Empire  was  in 
Danger,  when  this  Imperial  Votrefs  had  deelar'd  herfelf  for  a  fingle 
Life :  fo  powerful  would  her  great  Example  be  in  the  World.  —  Queen 
Elizabeth  could  not  but  be  pleafed  with  our  Author's  Addrefs  upon  this 
Head.  Mr.  War  bur  ton. 

(As 


A  Mtdfummer-Nighfs  Dream.      $  7 

(As  I  can  take  it  with  another  herb) 
I'll  make  her  render  up  her  page  to  me, 
But  who  comes  here  ?  I  am  invifible,  (p) 
And  I  will  over-hear  their  conference. 

Enter  Demetrius,  Helena  following  him. 

Dem.  I  love  thee  not,  therefore  purfue  me  riot. 
Where  is  Lyfander,  and  fair  Hermia  ? 
The  one  I'll  flay ;  the  other  flayeth  me.  (10) 
Thou  told'fl  me,  they  were  ftol'n  into  this  woodj 
And  here  am  I,  and  wood  within  this  wood  j 
Becaufe  I  cannot  meet  my  Hermia. 
Hence,  get  thee  gone,  and  follow  me  no  more. 

Hel.  You  draw  me,  you  hard-hearted  adamant, 
But  yet  you  draw  not  iron*  for  my  heart 
Is  true  as  fteel.     Leave  you  your  pow'r  to  draw, 
And  I  mall  have  no  pow'r  to  follow  you. 

Dem.  Do  I  entice  you?  do  I  fpeak  you  fair? 
Or  rather  do  I  not  in  plaineft  truth 
Tell  you,  I  do  not,  nor  I  cannot,  love  you? 

Hel.  And  ev'n  for  that  do  I  love  thee  the  more  5 
I  am  your  fpaniel  j  and,  Demetrius , 
The  more  you  beat  me,  I  will  fawn  on  you : 
Ufe  me  but  as  your  fpaniel,  fpum  me,  ftrike  me, 
Neglect  me,  lofe  me  $  only  give  me  leave, 
Unworthy  as  I  am,  to  follow  you. 
What  worfer  place  can  I  beg  in  your  love, 
(And  yet  a  place  of  high  refpect  with  me) 
Than  to  be  ufed,  as  you  ufe  your  dog? 

Dem.  Tempt  not  tod  much  the  hatred  of  my  fpiritj 
For  I  am  fick,  when  I  do  look  on  thee. 

(oj  /  am  invifible,]     I  thought  proper  here  to  obferve^  that, 

as  Oberon,  and  Puck  his  Attendant,  may  be  frequently  obferv'd  to  {peak, 
when  there  is  no  mention  of  their  Entering ;  they  are  dehgn'd  by  the  Poet 
to  be  fuppbs'd  on  the  Stage  during  the  greateir  Part  of  the  Remainder 
of  the  Play ;  and  to  mix,  as  they  pleafe,  as  Spirits,  with  the  other  Ac- 
tors ;  and  embroil  the  Plot,  by  their  Interpolition,  without  being  feen, 
or  heard,  but  when  to  their  own  Purpofe. 

(10)  The  one  Til  Hay,  the  other  ftayeth  me."]  Thus  it  has  been  in  all 
the  Editions  hitherto :  but  Dr.  Thirlby  ingenioufly  faw,  it  mult  be,  as  I 
have  cor  reded  in  the  Text. 

Vol.  I  U  Hel. 


^8      A  Midfummer-Nighft  Dream. 

Hel.  And  I  am  fick,  when  I  look  not  on  you. 
Dem.  You  do  impeach  your  modefty  too  much, 
To  leave  the  city,  anpl  commit  your  felf 
Into  the  hands  of  one  that  loves  you  not  5 
To  truft  the  opportunity  of  night, 
And  the  ill  counfel  of  a  defart  place, 
With  the  rich  worth  of  your  virginity. 

Hel.  Your  virtue  is  my  privilege  •,  for  that 
It  is  not  night  when  I  do  lee  your  face, 
Therefore,  I  think,  I  am  not  in  the  night. 
Nor  doth  this  wood  lack  worlds  of  company  j 
For  you  in  my  refpect  are  all  the  world. 
Then  how  can  it  be  faid,  I  am  alone  5 
When  all  the  world  is  here  to  look  on  me  ? 

Dem.  I'll  run  from  thee  and  hide  me  in  the  brakes,, 
And  leave  thee  to  the  mercy  of  wild  beafts. 

Hel.  The  wildeft  hath  not  fuch  a  heart  as  you  j 
Run  when  you  will,  the  ftory  fhall  be  chang'd  : 
Jpollo  flies,  and  Daphne  holds  the  chafe  > 
The  dove  purfues  the  griffin  >  the  mild  hind 
Makes  fpeed  to  catch  the  tyger.     Bootlefs  fpeed  ! 
When  cowardife  purfues,  and  valour  flies. 

Dem.  I  will  not  ftay  thy  queftions*  let  me  go: 
Or  if  thou  follow  me,  do  not  believe, 
But  I  fhall  do  thee  mifchief  in  the  wood.    . 

Hel.  Ay,  in  the  temple,  in  the  town,  the  field, 
You  do  me  mifchief.     Fie,  Demetrius, 
Your  wrongs  do  fet  a  Icandal  on  my  fex: 
We  cannot  right  for  love,  as  men  may  do; 
We  fhou'd  be  woo'd,  and  were  not  made  to  woo, 
I  follow  thee,  and  make  a  heav'n  of  hell  5 
To  die  upon  the  hand,  I  love  fo  well.  [Exeunt. 

Ob.  Fare  thee  well,  nymph >  ere  he  doth  leave  this 
grove, 
Thou  fhalt  fly  him,  and  he  fhall  feek  thy  love, 
tiaft  thou  the  flow,r  there  ?  welcome,  wanderer. 

Enter  Puck; 

Puck.  Ay,  there  it  is. 

Ob.  I  pray  thee,  give  it  me$ 


A  Midfummer- Night's  Dream.      99 

I  know  a  bank  whereon  the  wild  thyme  blows, 
Where  ox-lip  and  the  nodding  violet  grows, 
O'er-canopy'd  with  lufcious  woodbine, 
With  fweet  musk-rofes,  and  with  eglantine. 
There  fleeps  Titania,  fome  time  of  the  night, 
Lull'd  in  thefe  fiow'rs,  with  dances  and  delight  j 
And  there  the  fnake  throws  her  enammePd  skin, 
Weed  wide  enough  to  wrap  a  fairy  in  : 
And  with  the  juice  of  this  I'll  ftreak  her  eyes, 
And  make  her  full  of  hateful  fantafies. 
Take  thou  fome  of  it,  and  feek  through  this  grove  $ 
A  fweet  Athenian  lady  is  in  love 
With  a  difdainful  youth  j  anoint  his  eyes  j 
But  do  it,  when  the  next  thing  he  efpies 
May  be  the  lady.     Thou  fhalt  know  the  man, 
By  the  Athenian  garments  he  hath  on. 
Effect  it  with  fome  care,  that  he  may  prove 
More  fond  of  her,  than  fhe  upon  her  love  5 
And,  look,  you  meet  mc  ere  the  firft  cock  crow. 
Puck.  Fear  not,  my  lord,  your  fervantfhall  do  fo.  [Ext. 
Enter  Queen  of  fairies^  with  her  train. 

Queen.  Come,  now  a  roundel,  and  a  Fairy  fong: 
Then,  'fore  the  third  part  of  a  minute,  hence  5  (11) 
Some  to  kill  cankers  in  the  musk-rofe  buds, 
Some  war  with  rear-mice  for  their  leathern  wings, 
To  make  my  fmall  elves  coats  >  and  fome  keep  back 
The  clamorous  owl,  that  nightly  hoots,  and  wonders 
At  our  queint  fpirits.     Sing  me  now  afleep  : 
Then  to  your  Offices,  and  let  me  reft. 

Fairies  fing. 

Ten  /potted  fnakes  with  double  tongue'^ 

Thorny  hedgehogs,  be  not  feen  5 
Newts  and  blind  worms ,  do  no  wrong  % 

Come  not  near  our  fairy  Queen. 

(11)  Then  for  the  third  part  of  a  Minute   hence^\     But  the    Queen 
fets  them  Work,  that  is  to  keep  them  employ'd   for  the  Remainder  of 
the    Night :  The  Poet,  undoubtedly,  intended  her  to  fay,  Dance  your 
Round,  and  fing  your  Song,  and  then  inftantly  [before  the  third  part  of 
a  Minute)  begone  to  your  rerpec~tfve  Duties. 

H  x  Philo- 


ioo    A  Midfummer-Ni&hts  Dream. 

Philomel,  with  melody, 

Sing  in  your  pweet  lullaby*, 

Lulla,  lulla,  lullaby  •,  lulla,  Mia,  lullaby  : 

Never  harm,  nor  [fell  nor  charm, 

Come  our  lovely  lady  nigh  -> 

So  good  night j  with  lullaby. 

2  Fairy. 

Weaving  fpiders  come  not  here  ; 
Hence,  you  long-leg' d  fpinners,  hence  : 

Beetles  black,  approach  not  near, 
Jform,  nor  [nail,  do  no  offence. 
Philomel  with  melody,  &c. 

i  Fairy. 

Hence,  away  ;  now  all  is  well : 
One.  aloof,  ftand  Centinel      -/.  ^ 

[Exeunt  Fairies,  the  Queen  fleeps* 

Enter  Oberon. 

Ob.  What  thou  feeft,  when  thou  doft  wake, 
Do  it  for  thy  true  love  take  > 
Love  and  languifli  for  his  fake  5 
Be  it  ounce,  or  cat,  or  bear, 
Pard,  or  boar  with  briftled  hair, 
In  thy  eye  that  fhall  appear, 

When  thou  wak'ft,  it  is  thy  dear;  n,       n 

Wake,  when  fome  vile  thing  is  near.       [Exit  Obeion. 

Enter  Lyfander  and  Hermia. 

Lif.  Fair  love,  you  faint  with  wandring  in  the  wood  -, 
And,  to  fpeak  troth,  I  have  forgot  our  way : 
We'll  reft  us,  Hermia,  if  you  think  it  good, 
And  tarry  for  the  comfort  of  the  day. 

Her   Be't  fo,  Lyfander  •,  find  you  out  a  bed, 
For  I  upon  this  bank  will  reft  my  head. 

Lyf.  One  turf  fhall  ferve  as  pillow  for  us  both, 
One  heart,  one  bed,  two  bofoms,  and  one  troth. 


A  Midfummer-Nighi 's  Dream,     i  o  i 

Her.  Nay,  good  Lyfander  >  for  my  fake,  my  dear, 
Lye  further  off  yet,  do  not  lye  fo  near. 

Lyf  O  take  the  fenfe,  fweet,  of  my  conference)  (u) 
Love  takes  the  meaning,  in  love's  innocence  j 
I  mean,  that  my  heart  unto  yours  is  knit  j 
So  that  but  one  heart  can  you  make  of  it  : 
Two  bofoms,  interchained  with  an  oath  j 
So  then  two  bofoms,  and  a  fingle  troth : 
Then,  by  your  fide  no  bed-room  me  deny; 
For  lying  fo,  Hermia^  I  do  not  lye. 

Her.  Lyfander  riddles  very  prettily; 
Now  much  befhrew  my  manners,  and  my  pride, 
If  Hermia  meant  to  fay,  Lyfander  ly'd. 
But,  gentle  friend,  for  love  and  curtefie 
Lye  further  off;  in  human  modefty, 
Such  feparation,  as,  may  well  be  faid, 
Becomes  a  virtuous  batchelor  and  a  maid  5  j 

So  far  be  diftant;  and  good  night,  fweet  friend; 
Thy  love  ne'er  alter,  'till  thy  fweet  life  end  ! 

Lyf  Amen,  amen,  to  thaj;  fair  prayer,  fay  I; 
And  then  end  life,  when  I  end  loyalty! 
Here  is  my  bed  -9  fleep  give  thee  all  his  reft  ! 

Her.  With  half  that  wifh,  the  wilher's  eyes  be  preft ! 

[tbeyjkejp. 

Enter  Puck. 

Pu-ck.  Through  the  foreft  have  I  gone. 
But  Athenian  found  I  none, 

(12)  O  take  the  Senfe,  Sweet,  of  my  Innocence  > 

Lo<ve  takes  the  Meaning  in  Loves  conference.]  *Tis  plain  here, 
that  the  Players,  for  the  fake  of  the  jingle  between  Senfe  and  Innocence, 
tranfpos'd  the  two  laft  Words  in  the  two  Lines,  and  fo  made  unintelligible 
Nonfenfe  of  them.  Let  us  adjuft  them,  and  This  will  be  the  Meaning. 
When  Ihe  interpreted  his  Words  to  an  evil  Meaning,  he  fays,  O,  take 
the  Senfe  of  my  Conference  ;  i.  e.  judge  of  my  Meaning  by  the  Drift  of  the 
Other  part  of  my  Difcourfe  ;  and  let  That  interpret  This.  A  very  pro- 
per Rule  to  be  always  obferv'd,  when  we  would  judge  of  any  one's 
Meaning :  The  Want  of  which  is  the  moft  common  Caufe  of  Mifxnter- 
pretation.  He  goes  on  and  (ays,  Love  takes  the  Meaning,  in  Loves 
Innocence,  i.  e.  The  Innocence  of  your  Love  may  teach  you  to  difcover 
mine.  Another  very  fine  Sentiment.  So  that  thefe  two  moft  beautiful 
Lines  were  perfectly  disfigur'd  in  the  aukward  Tranfpofition. 

Mr.  Warburtono 

H  5  On 


lor    A  Midfumrner-Nighfs  Dream. 

On  whofe  eyes  I  might  approve 
This  flower's  force  in  ftirring  love  : 
Night  and  filenee!  who  is  here? 
Weeds  of  Athens  he  doth  wear  5 
This  is  he,  my  mafter  faid, 
Defpifed  the  Athenian  maid. 
And  here  the  maiden  Sleeping  found 
On  the  dank  and  dirty  ground. 
Pretty  foul !  fhe  durft  not  lye 

Near  to  this  kill-curtefie.  (13) 

Churl,  upon  thy  eyes  I  throw 

All  the  pow'r  this  charm  doth  owe: 

When  thou  wak'it,  let  love  forbid 

Sleep  his  feat  on  thy  eye-lid  j 

So  awake,  when  I  am  gone: 

For  I  mufl;  now  to  Oberon.  [Exit. 

Enter  Demetrius  and  Helena  running. 

Hel.  Stay,  tho*  thou  kill  me,  fweet  Demetrius  / 
Dem.  I  charge  thee,  hence,  and  do  not  haunt  me  thus, 
Hel.  O,  wilt  thou  darkling  leave  me?  do  not  fo. 
Dem.  Stay,  on  thy  peril  5  I  alone  will  go. 

[Exit  Demetrius. 
Hel.  O,  I  am  out  of  breath  in  this  fond  chacej 
The  more  my  prayer,  the  lefTer  is  my  grace. 
Happy  is  Hermia,  wherefoe'er  fhe  lyes  \ 
For  me  hath  blefTed,  and  attractive,  eyes. 
How  came  her  eyes  fo  bright?  not  with  fait  tears 5 
If  fo,  my  eyes  are  oftner  wafh'd  than  hers : 
No,  no,  I  am  as  ugly  as  a  bear  3 
For  beafts,  that  meet  me,  run  away  for  fear. 
Therefore  no  marvel,  tho'  Demetrius 
Do  (as  a  monfter)  fly  my  prefence  thus. 

(13)  Near  to  this  lack- love,  this  kill-curtejie.']  Thus,  in  all  the  print- 
ed Editions.  But  this  Yerfe,  as  Ben.  Jon/on  lays,  is  broke  loofe  from 
his  Fellows,  and  wants  to  be  tyed  up.     I  believe,  the  Poet  wrote ; 

Near  to  this   kill-courtefie. 
And  fo  the  Line  is  reduced  to  the  Meafure  of  the  other.     But  this  Term 
being  fomewhat  quaint  and  uncommon,  the  Players,   in  my  Opinion, 
omcioufly  clapM  in  the  other,  as  a  Comment ;  and  fo  it  has  ever  fince 
held  Poffdlion. 

What 


A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream.     1  o  5 

What  wicked,  and  difTembling,  glafs  of  mine 
Made  me  compare  with  Hermia"  %  fphery  eyne? 
But  who  is  here  ?  Lyfander  on  the  ground  : 
Dead  or  afleep  ?  I  fee  no  blood,  no  wound : 
Lyfander,  if  you  live,  good  Sir,  awake. 

Lyf.  And  run  thro'  fire  I  will,  for  thy  fweet  fake. 

[Waking. 
Tranfparent  Helen,  nature  here  (hews  art, 
That  through  thy  bofom  makes  me  fee  thy  heart. 
Where  is  Demetrius  ?  Oh,  how  fit  a  word 
Is  that  vile  name,  to  perifli  on  my  fword ! 

HeL  Do  not  fay  fo,  Lyfander,  fay  not  fo  $ 
What  tho'  he  love  your  Hermia  ?  lord,  what  tho'  ? 
Yet  Hermia  ftill  loves  you  j  then  be  content. 

Lyf.  Content  with  Hermia  ?  no :  I  do  repent 
The  tedious  minutes  I  with  her  have  fpent  j 
Not  Hermia,  but  Helena  I  love  : 
Who  will  not  change  a  raven  for  a  dove? 
The  will  of  man  is  by  his  reafon  fway'dj 
And  reafon  fays,  you  are  the  worthier  maid. 
Things,  growing,  are  not  ripe  until  their  feafon  j 
So  I,  being  young,  'till  now  ripe  not  to  reafon  5 
And,  touching  now  the  point  of  human  skill, 
Reafon  becomes  the  marfhal  to  my  will, 
And  leads  me  to  your  eyes  j  where  I  o'erlook 
Love's  ftories,  written  in  love's  richeft  book. 

HeL  Wherefore  was  I  to  this  keen  mock'ry  born  ? 
When  at  your  hands  did  I  deferve  this  fcorn: 
Is't  not  enough,  is't  not  enough,  young  man. 
That  I  did  never,  no,  nor  never  can, 
Deferve  a  fweet  look  from  Demetrius'  eye, 
But  you  mutt  flout  my  infufficiency  ? 
Good  troth,  you  do  me  wrong \  good  footh,  you  doy 
In  fuch  difdainful  manner  me  to  woo  : 
But  fare  you  well.     Perforce  I  muft  confefs, 
I  thought  you  lord  of  more  true  gentlenefs : 
Oh,  that  a  lady,  of  one  man  refus'd, 
Should  of  another  therefore  be  abus'd  !  [Exit. 

Lyf.  She  fees  not  Hermia-,  Hermia,  fleep  thou  there  5 
And  never  may'ft  thou  come  Lyfander  near  1 

H  4  For 


T04     A  Midfumrner-Nighfs  Dream. 

For  as  a  forfeit  of  the  fweeteft  things 

The  deeped  loathing  to  the  flomach  brings^ 

Or  as  the  herefies,  that  men  do  leave, 

Are  hated  moft  of  thofe  they  did  deceive j 

So  thou,  my  furfeit  and  my  herefie, 

Of  all  be  hated,  but  the  moft  of  me ! 

And  all  my  pow'rs  addrefs  your  love  and  might 

To  honour  Helen^  and  to  be  her  Knight.  [_Exit. 

Her.  Help  me,  Lyfander^  help  me !  do  thy  beft 
To  pluck  this  crawling  ferpent  from  my  breaft: 
Ay  me,  for  pity,  what  a  dream  was  here? 
Ly fancier )  look,  how  I  do  quake  with  fear; 
Me-thought,  a  ferpent  eat  my  heart  away$ 
And  you  fat  fmiling  at  his  cruel  prey  : 
Lyfander !  what  remov'd  ?  Lyfander^  lord! 
What,  out  of  hearing  gone  ?  no  found,  no  word  ? 
Alack,  where  are  you?  fpeak,  and  if  you  hear, 
Speak,  of  all  loves  -,  (I  fwoon  almoft,  with  fear.) 

No?- then  I  well  perceive,  you  are  not  nigh; 

Or  death,  or  you,  I'll  find  immediately.  \ExiL 


ACT      III. 


-    SCENE,  ^  Wood. 

Enter  Quince,  Snug,  Bottom-,  Flute,  Snout  am 

Starveling. 

tfhe  Queen  of  Fairies  lying  afleep. 

Bottom. 

R  E  we  all  met  ? 
£>uin.  Pat,  pat ;  and  here's  a  marvellous  con- 
venient place  for  our  rehearfal.     This  gree 
plot  (hall  be  our  flage,  this  hauthorn-brake  our  tyrin 
houfe,  and  we  will  do.  it  in  action,  as  we  will  do  it  be 
fore  the  Duke. 

Eot 


A 


A  Midfumtner-Nighfs  Dream.     1  o  5 


Bot.  Peter  Quince* 

Ghtin.  What  fay' ft  thou,  bully  Bottom? 

Bot.  There  are  things  in  this  comedy  of  Pyramus  and 
fbisbyt  that  will  never  pleafe.  Firft,  Pyramus  muft 
draw  a  fword  to  kill  himfelf,  which  the  ladies  cannot 
abide.     How  anfwer  you  that  ? 

Snout.  By'rlaken,  a  parlous  fear? 

Star.  I  believe,  we  muft  leave  the  killing  out,  when 
all  is  done. 

Bot.  Not  a  whit,  I  have  a  device  to  make  all  well  * 
write  me  a  prologue,  and  let  the  prologue  feem  to  fay, 
we  will  do  no  harm  with  our  fwords,  and  that  Pyramus 
is  not  kill'd  indeed  -,  and  for  more  better  aflurance  tell 
them,  that  I  Pyramus  am  not  Pyramus^  but  Bottom  the 
weaver  j  this  will  put  them  out  of  fear. 

§)um.  Well,  we  will  have  fuch  a  prologue,  and  it  {hall 
be  written  in  eight  and  fix. 

Bot.  No,  make  it  two  more  5  let  it  be  written  in 
eight  and  eight. 

Snout.  Will  not  the  ladies  be  afraid  of  the  lion? 

Star.  I  fear  it,  I  promife  you. 

Bot.  Matters,  you  ought  to  confider  with  your  felves; 
to  bring  in,  God  fhield  us,  a  lion  among  ladies,  is 
a  moft  dreadful  thing  5  for  there  is  not  a  more  fearful 
wild- fowl  than  your  lion  living  j  and  we  ought  to  look 
to  it. 

Snout.  Therefore  another  prologue  muft  tell,  he  is 
not  a  lion. 

Bot.  Nay,  you  muft  name  his  name,  and  half  his  face 
muft  be  feen  through  the  lion's  neck  5  and  he  himfelf 
muft  fpeak  through,  faying  thus,  or  to  the  fame  defect* 
ladies,  or  fair  ladies,  I  would  wiih  you,  or  I  would 
requeft  you,  or  I  would  intreatyou,  not  to  fear,  not  to 
tremble  j  my  life  for  yours  j  if  you  think,  I  come  hi- 
ther as  a  lion,  it  were  pity  of  my  life  5  no,  I  am  no 
fuch  thing,  I  am  a  man  as  other  men  are  5  and  there, 
indeed,  let  him  name  his  name,  and  tell  them  plainly  he 
is  Snug  the  joiner. 

§uin.  Well,  it  mall  be  foj   but  there  is  two  hard 
things,  that  is,  to  bring  the  moon-light  into  a  cham- 
ber. 


i  o  &    A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

berj    for,   you  know,   Pyramus  and  Thisby   meet  by 
moon-light. 

Snug.  Doth  the  moon  fhine  that  night  we  play  our 
play? 

Bot.  A  kalendar,  a  kalendar !  look  in  the  almanack  y 
find  out  moon-lliine,  find  out  moon-fhine. 

Quin.  Yes,  it  doth  fhine  that  night. 

Bot.  Why  then  may  you  leave  a  cafement  of  the  great 
chamber  window,  where  we  play,  open^  and  the  moon 
may  fhine  in  at  the  cafement. 

6)utn.  Ay,  or  elfe  one  mult  come  in  with  a  bufh  of 
thorns  and  a  lanthorn,  and  fay,  he  comes  to  disfigure, 
or  to  prefent,  the  Perfon  of  moon-fhine.  Then  there 
is  another  thing  j  we  muft  have  a  wall  in  the  great 
chamber,  for  Pyramus  and  Thisby  (fays  the  ftory)  did 
talk  through  the  chink  of  a  wall. 

Snug.  You  can  never  bring  if*  a  wall.  What  fay  you, 
Bottom  ? 

Bot.  Some  man  or  other  muft  prefent  Wall*  and  let 
him  have  fome  plafter,  or  fome  lome,  or  fofne  rough- 
caft  about  him,  to  fignify  wall:  Or  let  him  hold  his 
fingers  thus  y  and  through  the  cranny  fhall  Pyramus  and 
thisby  whifper. 

6)uin.  If  that  may  be,  then  all  is  well.  Come,  fit 
down  every  mother's  fon,  and  rehearfe  your  parts.  Py- 
ramuS)  you  begin  y  when  you  have  fpoken  yourfpeech, 
enter  into  that  brake  y  and  fo  every  one  according  to 
his  cue. 

Enter  Puck,  behind. 

Puck.  What  hempen  home-fpuns  have  we  fwagger- 
ing  here, 
So  near  the  cradle  of  the  fairy  Queen  ? 
What,  a  play  tow'rd  ?  PIT  be  an  auditor  y 
An  aftor  too,  perhaps,  if  I  fee  caufe. 

6>uin.  Speak,  Pyramus  y  'Thisby,  ftand  forth. 

Pyr.  Thisby,  the  flower  of  odious  favours  fweet. 

Q)uin.  Odours,  odours. 

Pyr:' 


A  Midfummer- Night's  Dream.     107 

Pyr.  Odours,  favours  fweet. 

So  doth  thy  breath,  my  deareft  fhisby,  dear* 
But  hark,  a  voice!  (lay  thou  but  here  a  whit-,  (r^ 

And,  by  and  by,  I  will  to  thee  appear.        [Exit.  Pyr. 

Puck.  A  ftranger  Pyramus  than  e'er  plaid  here !  [Afide. 

Thif.  Muft  I  fpeak  now  ? 

§)uin.  Ay,  marry,  muft  you  5  for  you  muft  under- 
ftand,  he  goes  but  to  fee  a  noife  that  he  heard,  and  is 
to  come  again. 

fthif.  Mo  ft  radiant  Pyramus^  moft  lilly- white  of  hue, 

Of  colour  like  the  red  rofe  on  triumphant  bryer, 
Moft  brisky  Juvenile^  and  eke  moft  lovely  Jew, 

As  true  as  trueft  horfe,  that  yet  would  never  tire, 
I'll  meet  thee,  Pyramus,  at  Ninny's  tomb. 

§>uin.  Ninui*  tomb,  man  5  why  you  muft  not  fpeak 
that  yet:  that  you  anfwer  to  Pyramus;  you  fpoak  all 
your  part  at  once,  cues  and  all.  Pyramus^  enter  3  your 
cue  is  paft  $  it  is,  never  tire. 

Re-enter  Bottom,  with  an  dfs-head. 

Thif.  O,  as  true  as  trueft  horfe,  that  yet  would  never  tire. 

Pyr.  If  I  were  fair,  Thisby^  I  were  only  thine. 

Quin.  O  monftrous !  O  ftrange !  we  are  haunted  $ 
P*ay,  mafters*  fly,  mailers*  help!  [The  Clowns  exeunt. 

Puck.  I'll  follow  you,  I'll  lead  you  about  a  round, 

Through  bog,  through  bufh,  through  brake,  through 
bryer 5 
Sometimes  a  horfe  I'll  be,  fometimes  a  hound, 

A  hog,  a  headlefs  bear,  fo  me  time  a  fire, 

(14)  "- "fl^y  thou  hut  here  a  while;]  The  Verfes  here,  'tis  plain, 

fhould  be  alternately  in  Rhyme:  huxfvoeet  in  the  Clofe  of  the  firft  Line, 
and  while  in  the  third,  will  not  do  for  this  purpofe.  The  Author,  doubt- 
lefs,  gave  it; 

— ft  ay  thau.  hut  here  a  whit ; 

i.  e.  a  little  while  :  for  fa  it  ligniiies,  as  alfo  any  thing  of  no  Price,  or 
Confideration ;  a  trifle:  in  which  Senfe  it  is  very  frequent  with  our  Au= 
thor.     Bottom  before  in  this  Scene,  fays ; 

Not  a  whit;  I  have  a  De-vice  to  make  all  well; 
And,  in  Hamlet ; 

No,  not  a  whit ;  n.ve  defy  Anbury. 
And  in  K.  Richard  III. 

Woe,  woe,  for  England !  not  a  whiter  Me. 

And 


i  o  8    A  Midfummer- Night's  Dream. 

And  neigh,  and  bark,  and  grunt,  and  roar  and  burn, 
Like  horfe,  hound,  hog,  bear,  fire  at  every  turn.  [Exit. 
Bot.  Why  do  they  run  away  ?  this  is  a  knavery  of 
them  to  make  me  afeard. 

Enter  Snowt. 
Snowt.  O  Bottom,  thou  art  chang'd*  what  do  I  fee 
on  thee? 

Bot.  What  do  you  fee?  you  fee  an  afs-head  of  your 
own,  do  you? 

Enter  Quince. 

G)uin.  Blefs  thee,  Bottom,  blefs  thee  j  thou  art  tranf- 
lated.  [Exit' 

Bot.  I  fee  their  knavery,  this  is  to  make  an  afs  of  me, 
to  fright  me  if  they  could  >  but  I  will  not  ftir  from 
this  place,  do  what  they  can*  I  will  walk  up  and 
down  here,  anq1  I  will  fing,  that  they  fhali  hear  I  am 
not  afraid.  [Sing. 

The  Oufel  cock,  fo  black  of  hue, 

With  orange-tawny  bill, 
The  throttle  with  his  note  fo  true, 

The  wren  with  little  quill. 

Queen.  What  angel  wakes  me  from  my  flow'ry  bed  ? 

[waking. 

Bot.  The  finch,  thefparrow,  and  the  lark,        [Sings. 

The  plain-fong  cuckow  gray, 
Whofe  note  full  many  a  man  doth  mark, 

And  dares  not  anfwer,  nay. 
For,  indeed,  who  would  fet  his  wit  to  fo  foolifli  a  bird? 
who  would  give  a  bird  the  lye,  tho'  he  cry  cuckow 
never  fo  ? 

Queen.  I  pray  thee,  gentle  mortal,  fing  again  j 
Mine  ear  is  much  enamour'd  of  thy  note,  (if) 
So  is  mine  eye  enthralled  to  thy  fhape  j 
And  thy  fair  virtue's  force  (perforce)  doth  move  me, 
On  the  firft  view  to  fay,  to  fvvear,  I  love  thee. 

Bot. 

(15)  Mine  Ear  is  much  enamour  d  of  thy  note, 

On  the  fir Ji  View  to  fay,  to  fiivear,  I  love  thee'. 
So  is  mine  eye  enthralled  to  thy  Shape, 

And  thy  fair  Virtue 's  force  (perforce)  doth  move  me]    Thus  the 

Generality 


A  Midfummer- Night's  Dream,     i  09 

Bet-  Methinks,  miftrefs,  you  fhould  have  little  rea- 
fon  for  that  :  and  jrct,  to  fay  the  truth,  reafon  and 
love  keep  little  company  together  now-a-days.     The 

more  the  p;:v,  that  fome  honed  neighbours  will  not 
make  them  friends.  Nay,  I  can  gleek  upon  occafion. 

Queen.  Thou  art  as  wife,  as  thou  art  beautiful. 

Bot.  Not  fo  neither:  but  if  I  had  wit  enough  to 
get  cut  of  this  wood,  I  have  enough  to  ferve  mine 
own  turn 

Queen*  Out  of  this  wood  do  not  defire  to  go, 
Thou  fhalt  remain  here,  whether  thou  wilt  or  no. 
I  am  a  fpirit  of  no  common  rates 
The  fummer  ftill  doth  tend  upon  my  ftate, 
And  1  do  love  thee  j  therefore,  go  with  me, 
I'll  give  thee  fairies  to  attend  on  thee  3 
And  they  {hall  retch  thee  jewels  from  the  deep, 
And  fing,  while  thou  on  preffed  flowers  doll  flecp  : 
And  I  will  purge  thy  mortal  grofsnefs  fo, 
Thar  thou  malt  like  an  airy  fpirit  go. 
Peafeblofom/  Cobweb  1  Moth!  and  Muftardfeed !   (16) 

Enter  four  Fairies. 

1  Fair,  Ready. 

2  Fair.  And  I. 

3  Fair.  And  I. 

4  Fair.  And  I,  where  {hall  we  go  ? 

Queen.  Be  kind,  and  courteous  to  this  gentleman* 
Hop  in  his  walks,  and  gambole  in  his  eyes 3 
Fee  i  with  apricocks  and  dewberries, 

With  purple  grapes,  green  figs  and  mulberries, 

f  the  Impreffions  have  fhuffled,  and  confufed  thefe  Verfes,  to 

Jtmoft  degree  of  Obfcurity  and  Nonfenfe :  but  I  have  from  one  of 

'  the  old  S  -  reduced  'em  to  Clearnefs  and  Order :   and  as,  without 

knowing  fuch  an  Authority  for  it,  Dr.  Tbirlby  ingenioufly  hinted  to  Me, 

;  they  fhould  be  placed. 

(16;    Enter  Peafebloflbm,    Cobweb,    Moth,    Muftardfeed,    and  four 

;«.]     Here  the  common  Editions  have  been  fo  t  ant  as  to 

fplit  four  Fairies  into  eight:  bnt  the  old  Quarto  Imprefilons  both  came  into 

my  Afiiltance  to  reduce  'em  to  their  right  Number.  calls 

!  Xames,   and  immediately  the  hir  Fames  enter 
■pan  CaU 

The 


no     A Mtdfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

The  honey-bags  fteal  from  the  humble  bees, 
And  for  night  tapers  crop  their  waxen  thighs, 
And  light  them  at  the  fiery  glow-worm's  eyes^ 
To  have  my  love  to  bed,  and  to  arife  : 
And  pluck  the  wings  from  painted  butterflies, 
To  fan  the  moon-beams  from  his  fleeping  eyes> 
Nod  to  him,  elves,  and  do  him  courteftes. 

i  Fair.  Hail,  mortal,  hail! 

z  Fair.  Hail ! ■ 


3  Fair,  Hail !  — 

Bot.  I  cry  your  worfhip's  mercy  heartily ;  I  befeecri, 
your  worfhip's  name. 

Cob.  Cobweb. 

Bot.  I  fhall  defire  of  you  more  acquaintance,  good 
mafter  Cobweb -,  if  I  cut  my  finger,  I  fhall  make  bold 
with  you.     Your  name,  honeft  gentleman? 

Peafe.  Peafeblojfom. 

Bot.  I  pray  you,  commend  me  to  miftrefs  Squajh  your 
mother,  and  to  mafter  Peafcod  your  father.  Good 
mafter  Peafeblojfom^  I  fhall  defire  of  you  more  acquain- 
tance too.     Your  name,  I  befeech  you,  Sir? 

Muf  Muftardfeed. 

Bot.  Good  mafter  Muftardfeed,  I  know  your  patience 
well :  that  fame  cowardly  giant-like  Ox-beef  hath  de- 
vour'd  many  a  gentleman  of  your  houfe.  I  promife 
you,  your  kindred  hath  made  my  eyes  water  ere  now. 
I  defire  more  of  your  acquaintance,  good  mafter  Muf 
tardfeed. 

ghieen.  Come,  wait  upon  him,  lead  him  to  my  bower. 

The  moon,  methinks,  looks  with  a  watry  eye, 
And  when  {he  weeps,  weep  ev'ry  little  flower, 

Lamenting  fome  enforced  chaftity  ! 
Tie  up  my  love's  tongue,  bring  him  filently.    [ExeunK 

Enter  King  of  Fairies. 

Ob.  I  wonder,  if  fitania  be  awak'd : 
Then  what  it  was  that  next  came  in  her  eye, 
Which  fhc  muft  doat  on  in  extremity. 

Enter 


A  Midfummer-Nights  Dream. 


1 1 1 


Enter  Puck. 

Here  comes  my  meflenger !  how  now,  mad  fprite, 
What  night-rule  now  about  this  haunted  grove  ? 

Puck.  My  miftrefs  with  a  monfter  is  in  love. 
Near  to  her  clofe  and  confecrated  bower, 
While  fhe  was  in  her  dull  and  fleeping  hour, 
A  crew  of  patches,  rude  mechanicals, 
That  work  for  bread  upon  Athenian  flails, 
Were  met  together  to  rehearfe  a  play, 
Intended  for  great  The  feus'*  nuptial  day. 
The  fhallow'ft  thick-skin  of  that  barren  fort, 
Who  Pyramus  prefented,  in  their  fport 
Forfook  his  fcene,  and  enter'd  in  a  brake* 
When  I  did  him  at  this  advantage  take, 
An  Afs's  nole  I  fixed  on  his  head> 
Anon,  his  Thisby  muft  be  anfwered. 
And  forth  my  minnock  comes :  when  they  him  fpy*. 
As  wild  geefe,  that  the  creeping  fowler  eye, 
Or  ruflet-pated  choughs,  many  in  fort, 
Rifing  and  cawing  at  the  gun's  report, 
Sever  themfelves,  and  madly  fweep  the  sky  -, 
So,  at  his  fight,  away  his  fellows  fly  j 
And,  at  our  ftamp,  here  o'er  and  o'er  one  falls  j 
He  murder  cries,  and  help  from  Athens  calls. 
Their  fenfc  thus  weak,  loft  with  their  fears  thus  ftrong, 
Made  fenfelefs  things  begin  to  do  them  wrong. 
For  briars  and  thorns  at  their  apparel  fnatch, 
Some  fleeves,  fome  hats  5  fromyieiders  all  things  catch. 
I  led  them  on  in  this  diftrafted  fear, 
And  left  fweet  Pyramus  tranflated  there : 
When  in  that  moment  (fo  it  came  to  pafs) 
Titania  wak'd,  and  ftraitway  lov'd  an  afs. 

Ob.  This  falls  out  better,  than  I  could  devife. 
But  haft  thou  yet  latch'd  the  Athenian's  eyes 
With  the  love-juice,  as  I  did  bid  thee  do  ? 

Puck.  I  took  him  fleeping  5  that  is  finifh'd  tooj 
And  the  Athenian  woman  by  his  fide, 
That,  when  he  wakes,  of  force  fhe  muft  be  ey5d. 

Entet 


in     A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

\  -  Enter  Demetrius  and  Hermia. 

Ob.  Stand  clofe,  this  is  the  fame  Athenian. 

Puck.  This  is  the  woman,  but  not  this  the  man. 

Dem.  O,  why  rebuke  you  him  that  loves  you  fo? 
Lay  breath  fo  bitter  on  your  bitter  foe. 

Her.  Now  I  but  chide,  but  I  fhould  ufe  thee  worfe* 
For  thou,  I  fear,  haft  giv'n  me  caufe  to  curfe  : 
If  thou  haft  flain  Lyfander  in  his  fleep, 
Being  o'er  fhoes  in  blood,  plunge  in  the  deep* 
And  kill  me  too. 

The  fun  was  not  fo  true  unto  the  day, 
As  he  to  me.     Would  he  have  ftol'n  away 
From  fleeping  Hermia?  I'll  belieye  asfoon, 
This  whole  earth  may  be  bor'd,  and  that  the  moon 
May  through  the  center  creep,  and  fo  difpleafe 
Her  brother's  noon-tide  with  th'  Antipodes. 
It  cannot  be,  but  thou  haft  murther'd  him  5 
So  fhould  a  murtherer  look,  fo  dread,  fo  grim. 

Dem.  So  fhould  the  murther'd  look  •,  and  fo  fhould  fy 
Pierc'd  through  the  heart  with  your  ftern  cruelty  : 
Yet  you  the  murtherer  look  as  bright,  and  clear, 
As  yonder  Venus  in  her  glimm'ring  fphere. 

Her.  What's  this  to  my  Lyfander  ?  where  is  he  ? 
Ah,  good  Demetrius^  wilt  thou  give  him  me  ? 
Dem.  Pad  rather  give  his  carcafs  to  my  hounds. 
Her.  Out,  dog !  out,  cur !  thou  driv'ft  me  paft  thd 
bounds 
Of  maiden's  patience.     Haft  thou  flain  him  then  ? 
Henceforth  be  never  number'd  among  men. 

0  !  once  tell  true,  and  even  for  my  fake, 
Durft  thou  have  look'd  upon  him,  being  awake? 
And  haft  thou  kill'd  him  fleeping  ?  O  brave  touch ! 
Could  not  a  worm,  an  adder  do  fo  much  ? 

An  adder  did  it,  for  with  doubler  tongue 
Than  thine,  thou  ferpent,  never  adder  ftung. 
Dem.  You  fpend  your  paflion  on  a  mifpris'd  mood  -, 

1  am  not  guilty  of  Lyfander's  blood, 
JSFor  is  he  dead,  for  ought  that  I  can  tell. 

Her.  I  pray  thee,  tell  me  then  that  he  is  well. 

Dem. 


A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream,     i  f  j 

t)em.  And  if  I  could,  what  fhould  I  get  therefore? 

Her.  A  privilege  never  to  fee  me  more  % 
And  from  thy  hated  prefence  part  I  fo  : 
See  me  no  more,  whether  he's  dead  or  no.  \Exit. 

Dem.  There  is  no  following  her  in  this  fierce  vein, 
Here,  therefore^  for  a  while  I  will  remain : 
So  for  row's  heavinefs  doth  heavier  grow, 
For  debt,  that  bankrupt  fleep  doth  forrow  owe> 
Which  now  in  fome  flight  meafure  it  will  pay, 
If  for  his  Tender  here  I  make  fom  flay.      {Lies    down* 

Ob.  What  haft  thou  done  ?  thou  haft  miftaken  quite, 
And  laid  thy  love-juice  on  fome  true  love's  fight : 
Of  thy  mifprifion  muft  perforce  enfue 
Some  true  love  turn'd,  and  not  a  falfe  turn'd  true. 

Puck,  Then  fate  o'er-rules,  that  one  man  holding  troth 
A  million  fail,  confounding  oath  on  oath. 

Ob.  About  the  wood  go  fwifter  than  the  wind, 
And  Helena  of  Athens,  fee,  thou  find. 
All  fancy-fick  fhe  is,  and  pale  of  cheer* 
With  fighs  of  love,  that  cofts  the  frefh  blood  dear 
By  fome  illufion,  fee,  thou  bring  her  here  j 
I'll  charm  his  eyes,  againft  fhe  doth  appear. 

Puck.  I  go,  I  go*  look,  how  I  go* 
Swifter  than  arrow  from  the  Tartar's  bow.  [Exit 

Ob.  Flower  of  this  purple  dye, 
Hit  with  Cupid's  archery, 
Sink  in  apple  of  his  eye ! 
When  his  love  he  doth  ef^y, 
Let  her  fhine  as  glorioufly 
As  the  Venus  of  the  sky. 
When  thou  wak'ft,  if  fhe  be  by* 
Beg  of  her  for  remedy. 

Enter  Puck. 

Puck.  Captain  of  our  fairy  band, 
Helena  is  here  at  hand, 
And  the  youth,  miftook  by  me, 
Pleading  for  a  lover's  fee. 
Shall  we  their  fond  pageant  fee? 
Lord,  what  fools  thefe  mortals  be! 

Yo  l  I.  I  Ok 


i  t  4    A  Midfumrner-Nighfs  Dream. 

Ob.  Stand  afide  :  the  noife,  they  make, 
Will  caufe  Demetrius  to  awake. 

Puck    Then  will  two  at  once  woo  one* 
That  muft  needs  be  fport  alone. 
And  thofe  things  do  beft  pleafe  me, 
That  befal  prepohVroufly. 

Enter  Lyfander  and  Helena. 

Lyf.  Why  fhould  you  think,  that  I  ihould  woo  in  fcorn? 

Scorn  and  derifion  never  come  in  tears. 
Look,  when  i  vow,  I  weep  •,  and  vows  fo  born, 

In  their  nativity  all  truth  appears: 
How  can  thefe  things  in  me  Teem  fcorn  to  you, 
Bearing  the  badge  of  faith,  to  prove  them  true? 

Bel.  You  do  advance  your  cunning  more  and  more> 

When  truth  kills  truth,  O  devilifh,  holy,  fray  ! 
Thefe  vows  are  Hermit?  s  :  will  you  give  her  o'er? 

Weigh  oath  with  oath,  and  you  will  nothing  weigh  > 
Your  vows  to  her  and  me,  put  in  two  fcales, 
Will  even  weigh,  and  both  as  light  as  tales. 

Lyf  I  had  no  judgment,  when  to  her  I  fwore. 

Bel   Nor  none,  in  my  mind,  now  you  give  her  o'er, 

Lyf.  Demetrius  loves  her,  and  he  loves  not  you. 

Bern,  {awaking]  O  Helen,  goddefs,   nymph,  perfect, 
divine, 
To  what,  my  love,  ihall  I  compare  thine  eyne? 
Cryftal  is  muddy  5  O  how  ripe  in  ihow 
Thy  lips,  thofe  luffing  cherries,  tempting  grow  ! 
That  pure  congealed  white,  high  Taurus'  fnow, 
Fann'd  with  the  eaflern  wind,  turns  to  a  crow 
When  thou  hold'fl  up  thy  hand.     O  let  me  kifs 
This  Princefs  of  pure  white,  this  feal  of  blifs. 

Bel.  O  ipight,  O  hell !  1  fee,  you  all  are  bent 

To  fet  againit  me,  for  your  merriment : 

If  you  were  civil,  and  knew  courtefie, 

You  would  not  do  me  thus  much  injury. 

Can  you  not  hate  me,  as  I  know  you  do,  ^ 

Bui  \ou  mud  join  in  fouls  to  mock  me  too? 

Jfr  you  are  men,  as  men  you  are  in  ihow, 

You  would  not  ufe  a  gentle  hdy  fo : 

To 


A  Midfttmmer-Nighfs  Dream.     1 1 5 

To  vow  and  fwear,  and  fuper-praife  my  parts  5 

When,  I  am  fure,  you  hate  mc  with  your  hearts. 

You  both  are  rivals,  and  love  Hermia^ 

And  now  both  rivals  to  mock  Helena. 

A  trim  exploit,  a  manly  enterprize,  (17) 

To  conjure  tears  up  in  a  poor  maid's  eyes 

With  your  derifion !  none  of  noble  fort 

Would  fo  offend  a  virgin,  and  extort 

A  poor  foul's  patience,  all  to  make  you  fport. 

Lyf  You  are  unkind,  Demetrius;  be  not  fo  j 
For ^you  love  Hermia  j  this,  you  know,  I  know. 
And  here  with  all  good  will,  with  all  my  heart, 
In  Hermia 's  love  I  yield  you  up  my  part* 
And  yours  of  Helena  to  me  bequeath, 
Whom  I  do  love,  and  will  do  to  my  death. 

Hel.  Never  did  mockers  wafte  more  idle  breathe 

Dem.  Lyfander,  keep  thy  Hermia,  I  will  nones 
If  e'er  I  lov'd  her,  all  that  love  is  gone. 
My  heart  to  her  but,  as  gueft-wife,  fojourn'd* 
And  now  to  Helen  it  is  home  return'd, 
There  ever  to  remain. 

Lyf  It  is  not  fo. 

Dem.  Difparage  not  the  faith,  thou  dofi:  not  know, 
Left  to  thy  peril  thou  abide  it  dear. 
Look,  where  thy  love  comes,  yonder  is  thy  dear. 

Enter  Hermia/ 

Her.  Dark  night,  that  from  the  eye  his  fundion  takes, 
The  ear  more  quick  of  apprehenfion  makes: 
Wherein  it  doth  impair  the  feeing  fenfe, 
It  pays  the  hearing  double  recompence. 
Thou  art  not  by  mine  eye,  Lyfander^  found  * 
Mine  ear,  I  thank  it,  brought  me  to  thy  found. 
But  why  unkindly  didft  thou  leave  me  fo  ? 

Lyf.  W  hy  fhould  he  ftay,  whom  love  doth  prefs  to  go  ? 

(17)  A  trim  Exploit ,  a  manly  Enterprise,]  This  Reproach,  in  the 
Form  of  it,  feem3  extreamly  to  have  the  Caft  of  That,  in  the  ift 
ALneid  \ 

Egregiam  'verb  Laudem,  IS  fpolta  ampla  refertis, 
Una  dolo  Divum,  &c, 

I  *  Her. 


1 1 6    A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

Her.  What  love  could  prefs  Ly fancier  from  my  fide? 

Lyf.  Lyfander's  love,  that  would  not  let  him  bide, 
Fair  Helena ->  who  more  engilds  the  night, 
Than  all  yon  fiery  O's  and  eyes  of  light. 
Why  feek'ft  thou  me?  could  not  this  make  thee  know, 
The  hate,  I  bear  thee,  made  me  leave  thee  fo  ? 

Her.  You  fpeak  not,  as  you  think :  it  cannot  be. 

Hel.  Lo,  ihe  is  one  of  this  confed'racy  j 
Now,  I  perceive,  they  have  conjoin'd  all  three, 
To  fafhion  this  falfe  fport  in  fpight  of  me. 
Injurious  Hermia^  moft  ungrateful  maid, 
Have  you  confpir'd,  have  you  with  thefe  contrived 
To  bait  me  with  this  foul  derifion  ?  .-, 

Is  all  the  counfel  that  we  two  have  fliar'd, 
The  fillers  vows,  the  hours  that  we  have  fpent, 
When  we  have  chid  the  hafty-footed  time 
For  parting  us  j  O !  and  is  all  forgot  ? 
All  fchool-days  friendmip,  childhood  innocence? 
We,   Hermia^  like  two  artificial  gods, 
Created  with  our  needles  both  one  flower, 
Both  on  one  fampler,  fitting  on  one  cufhion* 
Both  warbling  of  one  fong,  both  in  one  key  5 
As  if  our  hands,  our  fides,  voices,  and  minds 
Had  been  incorporate.     So  we  grew  together, 
Like  to  a  double  cherry,  feeming  parted, 
But  yet  art  union  in  partition  j 
Two  lovely  berries  molded  on  one  ftem, 
So  with  two  feeming  bodies,  but  one  heart ; 
Two  of  the  firft,  like  coats  in  heraldry,  (18) 
Due  but  to  one,  and  crowned  with  one  creft. 
And  will  you  rend  our  ancient  love  afunder, 
To  join  with  men  in  fcorning  your  poor  friend? 
It  is  not  friendly,  'tis  not  maidenly  $ 
Our  fex,  as  well  as  I,  may  chide  you  for  it  j 
Though  I  alone  do  feel  the  injury. 

(i&)   Two  of  the  firft  Life,  coats  in  Heraldry, 

Due  but  to  One,  and  cronxned  with  one  Creft .}     The  true  Cor- 
rection of  this  Paflage  I  owe  to  the  Friendfhip  and  Communication  of 

the  ingenious  Martin  '  Folks,   Efq; Two  of  the  firft,  fecond,  &c. 

are  Terms  peculiar  in  Heraldry  to  diitinguilh  the  different  Quarterings  of 
Cfiat/. 

Htr. 


A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream.    i 1 7 

Her.  I  am  amazed  at  your  pafllonate  words  : 
I  (corn  you  not  >  it  feems,  that  you  fcorn  me. 

Hel.  Have  you  not  fet  Lyfander,  as  in  fcorn, 
To  follow   me,  and  praife  my  eyes  and  face? 
And  made  your  other  love,  Demetrius^ 
(Who,  even  but  now,  did  fpurn  me  with  his  foot)* 
To  call  me  goddefs,  nymph,  divine,  and  rare, 
Precious,  celeftiai?  wherefore  fpeaks  he  this, 
To  her  he  hates  ?  and  wherefore  doth  Lyfandett 
Deny  your  love,  fo  rich  within  his  foul, 
And  tender  me,  forfooth,  affection* 
But  by  your  fetting  on,  by  your  confent  ? 
What  though  1  be  not  fo  in  grace  as  you, 
So  hung  upon  with  love,  fo  fortunate  j 
But  miferable  moft,  to  lave  unlov'd  ? 
This  you  fhould  pity,  rather  than  defpife. 

Her.  I  underftand  not  what  you  mean  by  this. 

HeL  Ay,  do,  perfever,  counterfeit  fad  looks, 
Make  mouths  upon  me,  when  I  turn  my  backj 
Wink  each  at  other,  hold  the  fweet  jeft  up : 
This  fport,  well  carried,  ftiall  be  chronicled. 
If  you  have  any  pity,  grace,  or  manners, 
You  would  not  make  me  fuch  an  argument: 
But  fare  ye  well,  'tis  partly  mine  own  fault, 
Which  death  or  ab fence  foon  fhall  remedy. 

Lyf.  Stay,  gentle  Helena  5  hear  my  excufej 
My  love,  my  life,  my  foul,  fair  Helena. 

HeL  O  excellent ! 
<  Her.  Sweet,  do  not  fcorn  her  fo. 

Bern.  If  {he  cannot  entreat,  I  can  compel. 

Lyf.  Thou  can  ft  compel,  no  more  than  ihe  entreat  r 
Thy  threats   have  no  more  flrength,   than  her  weak 
Prayers.  (19) 

(19)  Thy  Threats  have  no  more  Strength  than  her  weak  Praife.] 
This  Line  is  certainly  but  an  Enlargement  upon,  or  rather  a  Variation 
m  Terms  of  the  Senfe  of  the  preceding  Line.  But,  in  That,  there  is  a 
defign'd  Anttthejis  betwixt  compel  and  entreat :  this  Contrail  of  Terms  is 
wanting,  in  Threats  and  Praife:  wherefore  We  need  make  no  Diffi- 
culty of  fubftitnting  Prayers.  Indeed,  my  Sufpicion  is,  the  Poet  might 
have  coin'd  a  Subftantive  plural,  (from  the  verb,  to  pray)  Prays ;  i.  e. 
Prayings,  Entreaties,  B efeechings ;  and  the  Identity  of  Sound  might  give 
Birth  to  the  Corruption  of  it  into  praife.  But  I  have  choien  the  known 
and  familiar  Word.  I  3 


1 1 8     A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

Helen^  I  love  thee  ;  by  my  life,  I  do; 
I  fwear,  by  that  which  1  will  lofe  for  thee, 
To  prove  him  falfe,  that  fays,  I  love  thee  not. 
Dem.  I  fay,  I  love  thee  more  than  he  can  do. 
Lyf-  If  thou  fay  fo,  withdraw  and  prove  it  too. 
Dem.  Quick,  come. —      .- 
Her.  Lyfander%  whereto  tends  all  this? 
Lyf.  Away,  you  Ethiopel 
Dem.  No,  no,  hell  feem 
To  break  away  ;  take  on  as  he  would  follow, 
But  yet  come  not  ;  you  are  a  tame  man,  go. 

Lyf.  Hangoff,  thou  cat,  thou  burr  ;  vile  thing,  let  loofe; 
Or  I  will  fhake  thee  from  me,  like  a  ferpent. 

Her. .Why  are  you  grown  fo  rude?  what  change  is  this? 
Sweet  love  ! 

Lyf  Thy  love?  out,  tawny  fart  or  ^  out; 
Out,  loathed  medicine :  hated  poifon,  hence. 
Her.  Do  you  not  jeft  ? 
Hel.  Yes,  footh,  and  fo  do  you. 
Lyf  Demetrius^  I  will  keep  my  wor4  with  thee. 
Dem^  I  would,  I  had  your  bond;  for,  I  perceive, 
A  weak  bond  holds  you  ;  I'll  not  truft  your  word. 

Lyf  What,  fhould  I  hurt  her,  ftrike  her,  kill  her  dead  ? 
Although  I  hate  her,  I'll  not  harm  her  fo. 

Her.  What,  can  you  do  me  greater  harm,  than  hate? 
Hate  me !  wherefore  ?  O  me !  what  news,  my  love  ? 
Am  not  I  Hermia  ?  are  not  you  Lyfander  ? 
I  am  as  fair  now,  as  I  was  ere- while. 
Since  night,  you  lov'd  me  ;  yet,  fince  night,  you  left  me ; 
Why  then  you  left  me  —  (O  the  gods  forbid  !) 
In  earneft,  fhall  I  fay  ? 

Lyf.  Ay,  by  my  life; 
And  never  did  defire  to  fee  thee  more. 
Therefore  be  out  of  hope,  of  queftion,  doubt  \ 
Be  certain,  nothing  truer;  'tis  no  jeft  y 
That  I  do  hate  thee,  and  love  Helena. 

Her.  O  me,  you  jugler;  oh,  you  cankcr-blofTom, 
You  thief  of  love;  what,  have  y6u  come  by  night, 
And  ftoll'n  my  love's  heart  from  him  ? 
Hel  Fine,  i-faith  ! 

Have 


A  Miclfummer-Nighfs  Dream.     1 1  p 

Have  you  no  modefty,  no  maiden  fhame, 
No  touch  of  bafhfulnefs  ?  what,  will  you  tear 
Impatient  anfwers  from  my  gentle  tongue  ? 
Fie,  fie,  you  counterfeit  *  you  puppet,  you. 

Her.  Puppet!  why,  fo  :  ay,  that  way  goes  the  game. 
Now,  I  perceive,  that  {he  hath  made  compare 
Between  our  itatures  j  fhe  hath  urg'd  her  height  j 
And  with  her  perfonage,  her  tall  perfonage, 
Her  height,  forfooth,  fhe  hath  prevail'd  with  hirn. 
And  are  you  grown  fo  high  in  his  efteem, 
Becaufe  I  am  fo  dwarfifh  and  fo  low? 
How  low  am  I,  thou  painted  maypole?  fpeak, 
How  low  am  I  ?  I  am  not  yet  fo  low, 
But  that  my  nails  can  reach  unto  thine  eyes.  - 

Hel.  I  pray  you,  though  you  mock  me,  gentlemen. 
Let  her  not  hurt  me :  I  was  never  curfi  j 
1  have  no  gift  at  all  in  fhrewifhnefs  j 
I  am  a  right  maid,  for  my  cowardice  : 
Let  her  not  ftrike  me.     You,  perhaps,  may  think, 
Becaufe  {he's  fomething  lower  than  my  felf, 
That  I  can  match  her. 

Her.  Lower!  hark,  again.  ■ 

Hel.  Good  Herrnia,  do  not  be  fo  bitter  with  me  j 
I  evermore  did  love  you,  Hermia^ 
Did  ever. keep  your  counfels,  never  wrong'd  you* 
Save  that,  in  love  unto  Demetrius^ 
I  told  him  of  your  fteaith  unto  this  wood  : 
He  follow'd  you,  for  love  I  followed  him, 
But  he  hath  chid  me  hence,  and  threatened  me 
To  ftrike  me,  fpurn  me,  nay  to  kill  me  tooj 
And  now,  fo  you  will  let  me  quiet  go, 
To  Athens  will  I  bear  my  folly  back, 
And  follow  you  no  further.     Let  me  go. 
You  fee,  how  Mm  pie  and  how  fond  I  am. 

Her.  Why, get  you  gone*  who  is't,  that  hinders  you  I 

Hel.  A  foolifh  heart,  that  I  leave  here  behind. 

Her.  What,  with  Lyfander  ? 

Hel.  With  Demetrius. 

Lyf.  Be  not  afraid,  me  mall  not  harm  thee,  Helena. 

Dim*  No,  Sir,  fhe  fliallnot,  though  you  take  her  part.  , 

I  4 


no 


A  Midfutnmer-Nighfs  Dream. 


HeL  O,  when  (he's  angry,  fhe  is  keen  and  fhrewd  $ 
She  was  a  vixen,  when  fhe  went  to  fchoolj 
And  though  fhe  be  but  little,  fhe  is  fierce. 

Her.  Little,  again?  nothing  but  low,  and  little? 
Why  will  you  fuffer  her  to  flout  me  thus? 
JLet  me  come  to  her. 

Lyf.  Get  you  gone,  you  dwarf, 
You  Minimus^  of  hind'ring  knot-grafs  made,  (20) 
You  bead,  you  a:orn. 

Dent.  You  are  too  officious, 
In  her  behalf  that  fcorns  your  fervices. 
Let  her  alone,  fpeak  not  of  Helena, 
Take  not  her  part :  for  if  thou  dofl  intend 
Never  fo  little  fhew  of  love  to  her, 
Thou  fhalt  aby  it. 

Lyf.  Now  the  holds  me  not  5 
Now  follow,  if  thou  dar'ftj  to  try  whofe  right, 
Or  thine,  or  mine,  is  moft  in  Helena. 
Hem-  Follow?  nay,  I'll  go  with  thee  cheek  by  jowl. 

\Exeunt  Lyfander  and  Demetrius; 
Her.  You,  miftrefs,  all  this  coyl  is  long  of  you : 
Nay,  go  not  back. 

He{.  I  will  not  truft  you,  1 5 
"Nor  longer  flay  in  your  curft  company. 
Your  hands,  than  mine,  are  quicker  for  a  fray* 
My  legs  are  longer,  though,  to  run  away-. 

[_Exeunt :  Herm.  purfuing  Helena* 

Enter  Qberon  and  Puck. 

Oh.  This  is  thy  negligence  :  ftill  thou  miftak'ft, 
Qr  elfe  commitp'ft  thy  knaveries  willingly. 

(20)  You  Minimus,  — — ]  This  is  no  Term  of  Art,  that  I  can  find  ; 
and  I  can  fcarce  be  willing  to  think,  that  Shakefpeare  would  ufe  the 
Mafculine  of  an  Adjective  to  a  Woman,.  He  was  not  fo  deficient  in 
Grammar.  I  have  notventur'd  to  diflurb  the  Text]  but  the  Author, 
perhaps,  might  have  wrote ; 

You)  Minim,  yau, m 

1.  e.     You  Diminutive  of  the  Creation,  you  Reptile. 
In  this  Senfe,  to  ufe  a  more  recent  Authority,  Milton  ufes  the  Word 
1X1  the  7th  Book  of  Paradife  Loft. 

Thefe  as  a  Line  their  long  Dimenfion  drew, 

Streaking  the  Ground  <with  finuous  Trace ;  not  all 

fk/linims  of  Nature :  Puck, 


A  Midfummer-  Nighfs  Dream.     1 1 1 

Puck.  Believe  me.  King  of  fhadows,   I  miftook. 
Did  not  you  tell  me,  I  mould  know  the  man 
By  the  Athenian  garments  he  had  on  ? 
And  fo  far  blamelefs  proves  my  enterprize, 
That  I  have  'nointed  an  Athenians  eyes  j 
And  fo  far  am  I  glad  it  did  fo  fort, 
As  this  their  jangling  I  efteem  a  fport. 

Ob  Thou  feeft,  thefe  lovers  (eek  a  place  to  fight  j 
Hie  therefore,  Robin^  overcaft  the  night  * 
The  ftarry  welkin  cover  thou  anon 
With  drooping  fog,  as  black  as  Acheron  5 
And  lead  thefe  tefty  rivals  fo  aftray, 
As  one  come  not  within  another's  way. 
Like  to  Lyfander,  fometime,  frame  thy  tongue, 
Then  ftir  Demetrius  up  with  bitter  wrong  5 
And  fometime  rail  thou,  like  Demetrius  5 
And  from  each  other,  look,  thou  lead  them  thus » 
'Till  o'er  their  brows  death-counterfeiting  fleep 
With  leaden  legs  and  batty  wings  doth  creep  j 
Then  crufh  this  herb  into  Lyfander's  eye, 
Whofe  liquor  hath  this  virtuous  property, 
To  take  from  thence  all  error  with  its  might ; 
And  make  his  eye-balls  rowl  with  wonted  fight. 
When  they  next  wake,  all  this  derifion 
Shall  feem  a  dream,  and  fruitlefs  vifion  5 
And  back  to  Athens  {hall  the  lovers  wend 
With  league,  whofe  date  'till  death  fhall  never  end. 
Whiles  I  in  this  affair  do  thee  employ, 
I'll  to  my  Queen,  and  beg  her  Indian  boy  j 
And  then  I  will  her  charmed  eye  feleafe 
From  monfter's  view,  and  all  things  fhall  be  peace. 

Puck.  My  fairy  lord,  this  muft  be  done  witn  hafte, 
For  night's  fwift  dragons  cut  the  clouds  full  faft, 
And  yonder  fhines  Aurora's  harbinger  > 
At  whofe  approach,  ghofts  wandring  here  and  there 
Troop  home  to  church-yards  3  damned  fpirits  all, 
That  in  crofs-ways  and  floods  have  burial, 
Already  to  their  wormy  beds  are  gone  \ 
for  fpar  left  day  fhould  look  their  iharaes  upon, 

They 


lit 


A  Midfumrner-Nighfs  Dream. 


They  willfully  exile  themfelves  from  light; 

And  muft  for  aye  confort  with  black-brow'd  night. 

Ob.  But  we  are  fpirits  of  another  fort; 
I  with  the  morning*  tight  have  oft  made  fport ; 
And,  like  a  forefter,*  the  groves  may  tread, 
Ev'n  'till  the  eaftern  gate,  all  fiery  red, 
Opening  on  Neptune  with  fair  blefTed  beams, 
Turns  into  yellow  gold  his  fait  green  ftreams. 
But,  notwithstanding,  hafte ;  make  no  delay  ; 
We  may  effe£fc  this  bufinefs  yet  ere  day.  [Exit  Oberon. 

Puck.  Up  and  down,  up  and  down, 
I  will  lead  them  up  and  down: 
I  am  fear'd  in  field  and  town. 
Goblin,  lead  them  up  and  down. 
Here  comes  one. 

Enter  Lyfander. 

Lyf  Where  art  thou,  proud  Demetrius  ?  fpeak  tho*- 

now. 
Puck.  Here,  villain,  drawn  and  ready.    Where  art 

thou? 
Lyf  I  will  be  with  thee  ftraight. 
Puck.  Follow  me  then 
To  plainer  ground.      [Lyf.  goes  out,  as  following  Dem. 

Enter  Demetrius. 

Bern.  Lyfander^  fpeak  again  ; 
Thou  run-away,  thou  coward,  art  thou  fled  ? 
Speak  in  fome  bum  :  where  doft  thou  hide  thy  head  ? 

Puck.  Thou  coward,  art  thou  bragging  to  the  ftars, 
Telling  the  bufhes  that  thou  look'ft  for  wars, 
And  wilt  not  come?  come,  recreant;  come,  thouchildi 
I'U  whip  thee  with  a  rod  ;  he  is  defil'd. 
That  draws  a  fword  on  thee. 

Dem.  Yea,  art  thou  there  ? 

Puck.  Follow  my  voice,  we'll  try  no  manhood  here. 

[Exeunt. 

Lyfander  comes  back. 
Lyf  He  goes  before  me,  and  ftill  dares  me  on ; 
When  I  come  where  he  calls  me,  then  he's  gone. 

The 


A  Midfurnmer-Nighfs  Dream.     1*3 

The  villain  is  much  lighter-heel'd,  than  I : 

I  follow'd  faft,  but  falter  he  did  fly ; 

That  fall'n  am  I  in  dark  uneven  way, 

And  here  will  reft  me.  Come,  thou  gentle  day: 

[Lyes  down. 
For  if  but  once  thou  fhew  me  thy  gray  light, 
I'll  find  Demetrius^  and  revenge  this  fpight. 

Enter  Puck  and  Demetrius. 

Puck.  Ho,  ho,  ho,  coward,  why  com'ft  thou  not? 

Dem.  Abide  me,  if  thou  dar'ft  :  for  well  I  wot, 
Thou  runn'ft  before  me,  fnifting  every  place  5 
And  dar'ft  not  (land,  nor  look  me  in  the  face, 
Where  art  thou? 

Puck.  Come  thou  hither,  I  am  here. 

Dem.  Nay,  then  thou  mock'ft  me  5   thou  {halt  buy 
this  dear, 
If  ever  I  thy  face  by  day-light  fee. 
Now,  go  thy  way  5  faintnefs  conftraineth  me 
To  meafure  out  my  length  on  this  cold  bed. 
By  day's  approach  look  to  be  vifited.         {Lyes  down. 

Enter  Helena. 

Hel.  O  weary  night,  O  long  and  tedious  night, 
Abate  thy  hours  $  mine,  comforts,  from  the  Eaft  \ 

That  I  may  back  to  Athens  by  day-light, 

From  thefe,  that  my  poor  company  detefl:  j 

And  deep,  that  fometimes  (huts  up  forrow's  eye, 

Steal  me  a  while  from  mine  own  company.       [Sleeps* 
Puck.  Yet  but  three?  come  one  more, 

Two  of  both  kinds  make  up  four. 

Here  fhe  comes,  curft  and  fad : 

Cupid  is  a  knavifh  lad, 

Thus  to  make  poor  females  mad. 

Enter  Hermia. 

Her.  Never  fo  weary,  never  fo  in  woe, 

Bedabbled  with  the  dew,  and  torn  with  briars, 
J  can  no  further  crawl,  no  further  go  > 

My  legs  can  keep  no  pace  with  my  defires: 

Here 


124    d  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

Here  will  I  reft  me,  'till  the  break  of  day. 

Heav'ns  fhieldLj[/tf#^r,iftheymeanafray !  [Lyes  down. 

Puck.  On  the  ground,  fleep  found, 
I'll  apply,  to  your  eye,  gentle  lover,  remedy. 

{Squeezing  the  juice  on  LyfandcrV  eye* 
When  thou  wak'ft,  thou  tak'ft 
True  delight,  in  the  fight,  of  thy  former  lady's  eye* 
And  the  country  proverb  known, 
That  every  man  lhould  take  his  own, 
In  your  waking  fhall  be  iliown. 
Jack  fhall  have  Jill,  naught  fhall  go  ill, 
The  man  fhall  have  his  mare  again,  and  all  be  well. 

lExit  Puck.     [They  Jleep 


A    C    T      IV. 

SCENE,  continued,   the  Wood. 

Enter  Queen  of  Fairies*  Bottom,   Fairies  attending,  and 
the  King  behind  them. 

Q^U  E  E  N. 

COME,  fit  thee  down  upon  this  flow'ry  bed, 
While  I  thy  amiable  cheeks  do  coy, 
And  ftick  musk-rofes  in  thy  (leek,  fmooth'd  head  j 
And  kifs  thy  fair  large  ears,  my  gentle  joy. 
Bot.  Where's  Peafeblojfom? 
Peafe.  Ready. 

Bot.  Scratch  my  head,  Peafeblojfom*    Where?s  mon- 
fieur  Cobweb  ? 
Cob.  Ready. 

Bot.  Monfieur  Cobweb,  good  monfieur,  get  your 
weapons  in  your  hand,  and  kill  me  a  red-hipt  humble- 
bee  on  the  top  of  a  thirties  and,  good  monfieur,  bring 
me  the  honey-bag.     Do  not  fret  your  felf  too  much 

in 


A  Mtdfummer-  Night's  Dream.     115 

in  the  a£Hon,  monfieur  -,  and,  good  monfieur,  have  a 
care,  the  honey-bag  break  not  5  I  fhould  be  loth  to 
have  you  over-flown  with  a  honey-bag,  fignior.  Where's 
monfieur  Muftardfeed  ? 

Muft.  Ready. 

Bot.  Give  me  thy  neafe,  monfieur  Muftardfeed  \  pray 
you,  leave  your  curtefie,  good  monfieur. 

Muft.     What's  your  will  ? 

Bot.  Nothing,  good  monfieur,  but  to  help  Cavaler* 
Cobweb  to  fcratch.  I  muft  to  the  barber's,  monfieur  j 
for,  methinks,  I  am  marvellous  hairy  about  the  face. 
And  I  am  fuch  a  tender  afs,  if  my  hair  doth  but  tickle 
me,  I  muft  fcratch. 

Queen.  What,  wilt  thou  hear  fome  mufick,  my  fweet 
love  ? 

Bot.  I  have  a  reafonable  good  ear  in  mufick  j  let  u? 
have  the  tongs  and  the  bones. 

Rural  Mufick:  Tongs,  &c. 

Queen.  Or  fay,  fweet  love,  what  thou  defir'ft  to  eat. 

Bot.  Truly,  a  peck  of  provender  j  I  could  munch 
your  good  dry  oats.  Methinks,  I  have  a  great  defirc 
to  a  bottle  of  hay  :  good  hay,  fweet  hay  hath  no 
fellow. 

Queen.  I  have  a  venturous  Fairy  that  (hall  feck  the 
fquirrel's  hoard,  and  fetch  thee  new  nuts- 

Bot.  I  had  rather  have  a  handful  or  two  of  dried 
peafe.  But,  I  pray  you,  let  none  of  your  people  ftir 
me  5  I  have  an  expofition  of  fleep  come  upon  me. 

Queen.  Sleep  thou,  and  I  will  wind  thee  in  my  arms  5 
Fairies,  be  gone,  and  be  all  ways  away :  (11) 
So  doth  the  woodbine,  the  fweet  honey-fuckle,  (zi) 

Gently 

{21] and  be  always  anvay!]  What !  was  She  giving  her  Atten- 
dants an  everlafting  Difmiffion  ?  No  fuch  Thing ;  they  were  to  be  ftill 
upon  Duty.     I  am  convinced,  the  Poet  meant ; 

— — — — —  and  be  all  ways  away. 
i.  e.  difperfe  your  felves,  and  fcout  out  feverally,  in  your  Watch,  that 
Danger  approach  us  from  no  Quarter. 

(22)     So  doth  the  Woodbine  the  fweet  Honey-fuckle 
Gently  entwijl ;  the  female  ivy  fi 

M firing*- 


12,6    A  Midfummer- Night's  Dream. 

Gently  entwift  the  Maple  $  ivy  fo 

Enrings  the  barky  fingers  of  the  Elm. 

O,  howl  love  thee  !  how  I  doat  on  thee! 

Enter  Puck. 

Ob.  Welcome,  good   Robin  j   Seeft  thou  this  fwcet 
fight  ? 
Her  dotage  now  I  do  begin  to  pity  $ 
For,  meeting  her  of  late  behind  the  wood, 
Seeking  fweet  favours  for  this  hateful  fool, 
I  did  upbraid  her,  and  fall  out  with  her  j 
For  flie  his  hairy  temples  then  had  rounded 
With  coronet  of  frefh  and  fragrant  flowers  $ 
Attd  that  fame  dew,  which  fometime  on  the  buds 
Was  wont  to  fwell,  like  round  and  orient  pearls  ; 
Stood  now  within  the  pretty  flouriet's  eyes, 
Like  tears  that  did  their  own  difgrace  bewail. 
When  I  had  at  my  pleafure  taunted  her, 
And  flie  in  mild  terms  begg'd  my  patience, 
I  then  did  ask  of  her  her  changeling  child, 
Which  ftrait  fhe  gave  me,  and  her  Fairy  fent 
To  bear  him  to  my  bower  in  Fairy- land. 
And  now  I  have  the  boy,  I  will  undo 
This  hateful  imperfection  of  her  eyes  : 
And,  gentle  Puck,  take  this  transformed  fcalp 
From  off  the  head  of  this  Athenian  fwain  j 
That  he,  awaking,  when  the  others  do, 
May  all  to  Athens-  back  again  repair  j 
And  think  no  more  of  this  night's  accidents, 
But  as  the  fierce  vexation  of  a  dream. 
But,  firft,  I  will  releafe  the  Fairy  Queen  j 

Be^  as  thou  waft  wont  to  be  $ 
See,  as  thou  waft  wont  to  fee : 

Enrings  the  barky  Fingers  of  the  Elm.]  What  does  the  Woodbine 
entwift  ?  Why,  the  Honeyfuckk.  Bat  ever  till  now  the  Honeyfuckle  and 
the  Woodbine  were  but  two  Names  for  the  fame  Plant.  But  We  have 
now  found  a  Support  for  the  Woodbine,  as  well  as  for  the  Ivy.  The 
Corruption  might  happen  thus;  the  firft  Blunderer  in  writing  might 
leave  the  p  out  of  Maple,  and  make  it  Male ;  upon  which  the  acute 
Editors  turn'd  it  into  Female,  and  tack'd  it  as  an  Epithet  to  I<vy. 

Mr.  Warburton 

DianV 


A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream.     117 

DianV  bud  o'er  Cupid'j  flower 

Hath  fuch  force  and  blejfed  power.  (15) 

Now,  my  l'itania,  wake  you,  my  fweet  Queen. 

Queen.  My  ObtronJ  what  virions  have  I  feen ! 
Methought,  I  was  enamour'd  of  an  afs. 

Ob,  There  lies  your  love. 

Queen,  rfow  came  thefe  things  to  pafs  ? 
Oh,  how  mine  eyes  do  loath  this  vifage  now  ! 

Ob.  Silence,  a  while  5  Robin,  take  off  his  head  j 
fitania,  mufick  call  5  and  ftrike  more  dead  (24) 
Than  common  fleep  of  all  thefe  five  the  fenfe. 

Queen.  Mufick,  ho,  mufick  5  fuch  as  charmeth  fleep, 

Still  Mufick. 

Puck.  When  thou  awak'ft,  with  thine  own  fool's 

eyes  peep. 
Ob.  Sound,  mufickj   come,  my  Queen,  take  hand 
with  me, 
And  rock  the  ground  whereon  thefe  fleepers  be. 
Now  thou  and  I  are  new  in  amity  5 
And  will  to  morrow  midnight  folemnly 

(23)  DianV  Bud,  or  Cupid\r  fionvr."]  Thus  all  the  Editions  had 
ftupidly  exhibited  this  Paffage.  The  ingenious  Dr.  Thirlby  gave  me 
the  Correction,  which  I  have  inferted  in  the  Text,  and  which,  doubtlefs, 
reftores  us  the  Author.  Qberon  in  Aft  the  2d,  where  he  firft  propofes  to 
enchant  his  Queen's  Eyes  and  Senfe,  tells  us,  he  ha$  an  Antidote  to 
take  off  the  Charm. 

And  eer  I  take  this  Charm  from  off  her  Sight, 
As  I  can  take  it  nvith  another  Herb,  &c. 
And  again,  towards  the  End  of  the  3d  Aft,  where  he  is  giving  Puck 
directions  for  difenchanting  Lyfander,  he  fays ; 

Then  crufh  this  Herb  into  Lyfander'/  Eye, 
Whofe  Liquor  hath  this  'virtuous  Property, 
To  take  from  thence  all  Error  'with  its  Might, 
And  make  his  Eye  balls  row  J  with  wonted  Sight. 
(24)  Titania,  Mufick  call,  and  Jlrike  more  dead 

Than  common  Sleep.  Of  all  thefe  fine  the  Senfe.}  This,  moft  cer- 
tainly, is  both  corrupt  in  the  Text,  and  Pointing.  Would  Mufick, 
that  was  to  itrike  them  into  a  deeper  Sleep  than  ordinary,  contribute  to 
fine  (or,  refine)  their  Senfes  ?  My  Emendation,  I  am  perfuaded,  needs 
no  Juftification.  The  five,  that  lay  afleep  on  the  Stage,  were,  Demetrius, 
Ly/ander,  Hermia,  Helena,  and  Bottom. — I  ought  to  acknowledge,  that 
Dr.  Thirlby  likewife  flatted  and  communicated  this  very  Correction. 

Dance 


II 


8    A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream, 


Dance  in  Duke  Thefeus9  houfe  triumphantly, 
And  blefs  it  to  all  fair  pofterity  : 
There  ihall  thefe  pairs  of  faithful  lovers  be 
Wedded,  with  Thefeus^  all  in  jollity. 

Puck.  Fairy  King,  attend  and  mark* 
I  do  hear  the  morning  lark. 

Ob.  Then,  my  Queen,  in  filence  fade  j  (if) 
Trip  we  after  the  night's  fliade  j 
We  the  globe  can  compafs  foon, 
Swifter  than  the  wand'ring  moon. 

Queen.  Come,  my  lord,  and  in  our  flight 
Tell  me  how  it  came  this  night, 
That  I  fleeping  here  was  found,  [Sleepers  lye  flilU 

With  thefe  mortals  on  the  ground.  {Exeunt. 

[Wind  horns  'within* 

Enter  Thefeus,  Egeus,  Hippolita,  and  all  his  train. 

"The.  Go  one  of  you,  find  out  the  forefter, 
For  now  our  obfervation  is  perform'd, 
And  fince  we  have  the  vaward  of  the  day, 
JVIy  love  lhall  hear  the  mufick  of  my  hounds. 
Uncouple  in  the  weftern  valley,  go, 
Difpatch,  I  fay,  and  find  the  forefter. 
We  will,  fair  Queen,  up  to  the  mountain's  top, 
And  mark  the  mufical  confufion 
Of  hounds  and  echo  in  conjunftion. 

Hip.  I  was  with  Hercules  and  Cadmus  once, 
When  in  a  wood  of  Creet  they  bay'd  the  bear 
With  hounds  of  Sparta-,  never  did  I  hear 
Such  gallant  chiding.     For  befides  the  groves, 
The  skies,  the  fountains,  ev'ry  region  near,  (2,6) 

Seem'd 

(25)  Then,  my  Queen,  in  filence  fad,]     Why,  fad?  Fairies,  according 
to  the  receiv'd  Notion,  are  pleas'd  to  follow  Night.     For  that  Reafon, 
and  for  bettering  the  Rhyme,  I  think  it  very  probable  that  our  Author 
wrote ;  —  in  filence  fade  ;   i.  e.  vanifti,    retreat.     In  which    Senfe  our  . 
Author  has  eilewhere  employ'd  this  Word.     As  in  Hamlet,  fpeaking  or 
the  GhoJTs  difappearing. 

It  faded  at  the  Crowing  of  the  Cock. 

(26)  The  Skies,  the  Fountains,  ev'ry  Region  near, 

Seemd  all  one  mutual  Cry.']     It  has  been  propos'd  to  Me,  that 
the  Author   probably  wrote  Mountains,  from  whence   an  Echo  rather 

proceeds  - 


A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream.     \is> 

Seem'd  all  one  mutual  cry.     I  never  heard 
So  mufical  a  difcord,  fuch  fweet  thunder. 

thef.  My  hounds  are  bred  out  of  the  Spartan  kind, 
So  flew'd,  fo  fanded,  and  their  heads  are  hung 
With  ears  that  fweep  away  the  morning  dew  5 
Crook-knee'd,  and  dew-lap'd,  like  TTjejfalian  bulls  j 
Slow  in  purfuit,  but  match'd  in  mouth  like  bells, 
Each  under  each.     A  cry  more  tuneable 
Was  never  hallo'd  to,  nor  cheer'd  with  horn, 
In  Creet,  in  Sparta,  nor  in  fhejfaly  : 
Judge,  when  you  hear.  Butfoft,  what  nymphs  are  thefe? 

Ege.  My  lord,  this  is  my  daughter  here  afleep, 
And  this  Lyfander,  this  Demetrius  is, 
This  Helena,  old  Nedar's  Helena  j 
I  wonder  at  their  being  here  together. 

5Thef.  No  doubt,  they  rofe  up  early  to  obferve 
The  Rite  of  May  \  and  hearing  our  intent, 
Came  here  in  grace  of  our  folemnity. 
But  fpeak,  Egeus,  is  not  this  the  day, 
That  Hermia  fliouid  give  anfwer  of  her  choice? 

Ege.  It  is,  my  lord. 

Thef.  Go  bid  the  huntfmen  wake  them  with  their  horns. 

proceeds  than  from  fountains :  but  as  we  have  the  Authority  of  the  An- 
tients  for  Lakes,  Rivers,  and  Fountains  returning  a  Sound,  I  have  been 
diffident  to  difturb  the  Text.  To  give  a  few  Inftances,  that  occur,  at 
prefent. 

Ovid  Metam.  1,  3.  ver.  500. 

Ultima  Vox  folitam  fuit  bate  SpeBantis  in  undamt 
"  Heufrujira  dilefte  puer  1 "  totidemq;  rermfit 
Verba  lacus. 

For  fo  Burmann  has  corrected  it :  the  common  Editions  have  locus* 

Virgil  JEneid:  12.  verf.  886, 

Turn  <verb  exoritur  Clamor,  ripaque  lacufque 
Refponfant  circa,  Cif  caelum  tonat  omne  tumultu. 

Aufon.  in  Mofella.  verf.   167. 

— adftrepit  ollis 

Et  rupes,  Cif  Jylva  tremens,  Cif  concavus  Amnif, 

And  again,  verf.  296. 

1,1    ■  -    '  ■     ■  ■    ■  —  Refonantia  utrimque 
Verba  refert,  mediis  concurrit  flu&ibus  Echo. 

Propert.  lib.  1.  Eleg.  20.  verf.  49. 

Cui  procul  Alcides  iter  at  refponfa ;  fed  2  Hi 
Nomen  ab  extremis  fontibus  aura  refert. 

Vol.  If  K  Horns 


1 5  o     A Midfuntmer-Nighfs  Dream. 


Horns,  and  Shout  within  5  Demetrius,  Lyfarkter,  Hermia, 
and  Helena,  wake  and  ft  art  up. 

Tbef.  Good  morrow,  friends  >  Saint  Valentine  is  paft : 
Begin  thefe  wood-birds  but  to  couple  now? 

Lyf.  Pardon,  ray  lord. 

Thef  I  pray  you  all,  ftand  up : 
I  know,  you  two  are  rival  enemies. 
How  comes  this  gentle  concord  in  the  world* 
That  hatred  is  fo  far  from  jealoufie, 
To  fleep  by  hate,  and  fear  no  enmity? 

Lyf.  My  lord,  I  fhall  reply  amazedly, 
Half  fleep,  half  waking.     But  as  yet,  I  fwear, 
I  cannot  truly  lay  how  I  came  here  : 
But  as  I  think,  (for  truly  would  I  fpeak,) 
And  now  I  do  bethink  me,  fo  it  is  5 
I  came  with  Hermia  hither.     Our  intent 
Was  to  be  gone  from  Athens,  where  we  might  be 
Without  the  peril  of  th'  Athenian  law. 

Ege.  Enough,  enough  •>  my  lord,  you  have  enough > 
I  beg  the  law,  the  law  upon  his  head  : 
They  would  have  ftoll'n  away,  they  would,  Demetrius, 
Thereby  to  have  defeated  you  and  me  $ 
You,  of  your  wife  $  and  me,  of  my  confent  $ 
Of  my  confent,  that  fhe  lliould  be  your  wife. 

Dem*  My  lord,  fair  Helen  told  me  of  their  ftealth, 
Of  this  their  purpofe  hither  to  this  wood  > 
And  I  in  fury  hither  follow'd  them  > 
Fair  Helena  in  fancy  following  me: 
But,  my  good  lord,  I  wot  not  by  what  power, 
But  by  fome  power  it  is,  my  love  to  Hermia 
Is  melted  as  the  fnow  -y  feems  to  me  now 
As  the  remembrance  of  an  idle  gaude, 
Which  in  my  childhood  I  did  doat  upon: 
And  all  the  faith,  the  virtue  of  my  heart, 
The  object  and  the  pleafure  of  mine  eye, 
Is  only  Helena.     To  her,  my  lord, 
Was  I  betrothed  ere  I  Hermia  faw  -, 
But  like  a  ficknefs  did  I  loath  this  food  $ 

Bur, 


A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream.     i  3 1 

But,  as  in  health  come  to  my  natural  tafte, 
Now  do  I  wifh  it,  love  it,  long  for  it* 
And  will  for  evermore  be  true  to  it. 

The/.  Fair  lovers,  you  are  fortunately  met* 
Of  this  difcourfe  we  fhall  hear  more  anon. 
Egeus,  I  will  over-bear  your  will  j 
For  in  the  temple,  by  and  by  with  us, 
Thefe  couples  fhall  eternally  be  knit  $ 
And  for  the  morning  now  is  fomething  worn, 
Our  purpos'd  hunting  fhall  be  fet  afide. 
Away,  with  us  to  Athens  $  three  and  three, 
We'll  hold  a  feaft  in  great  folemnity. 
Come,  Hippolita.  [_Exe.  Duke^  Hippol.  and  Train. 

Dein.  Thefe  things  feem  frnall  and  undiftinguifhable, 

ike  far-off  mountains  turned  into  clouds. 

Her.  Methinks,  I  fee  thefe  things  with  parted  eyej 
When  every  thing  feems  double. 

Hel.  So,  methinks  $ 
And  I  have  found  Demetrius  like  a  Gemell,  (2,7) 

Mine 

(27)  And  I  have  found Demetrius  like  a  jewel, 

Mine  own,  and  not  mine  own.]  Hermia  had  faid,  Things  a"p 
f>ear'd  double  to  her.  Helena  fays,  So,  methinks;  and  then  fubjoins, 
Demetrius  was  like  a  Jewel,  her  own  and  not  her  own,  According  to 
common  Senfe  and  Construction,  Demetrius  is  here  compar'd  to  fomething 
that  has  the  Property  of  appearing  the  fame,  and  yet  not  being  the  fame : 
and  this  was  a  Thought  natural  enough,  upon  her  declaring  her  Ap- 
probation of  what  Hermia  had  faid,  that  every  thing  feems  double.  Bat 
now,  how  has  a  Jewel,  or  any  precious  Thing*  the  Property,  rather  than 
a  more  worthlefs  one,  of  appearing  to  be  the  fame  and  yet  not  the 
iame  ?  This,  I  believe,  won't  be  eafily  found  out.  I  make  no  doubt 
therefore,  but  the  true  Reading  is ; 

And  I  have  found  Demetrius  like  a  Gemell> 
Mine  own,  and  not  mine  own. 
from  Gemellus,  a.  Twin.  For  Demetrius  acted  that  Night  two  fuch  dif-> 
ferent  Parts,  that  me  could  hardly  think  him  one  and  the  fame  Deme- 
trius :  but  that  there  were  two  Twin- Demetri us' s  to  the  acting  this 
Farce,  like  the  two  Soda's.  This  makes  good  and  pertinent  Senfe  of 
the  Whole ;  and  the  Corruption  from  Gemell  to  Jewel  was  fo  eafy  from 
the  fimilar  Trace  of  the  Letters,  and  the  Difficulty  of  the  TranfcrU 
bers  understanding  the  true  Word,  that,  I  think,  it  is  net  to  be  quefti- 
on'd.  Mr.  Warburton. 

If  fome  over-nice  Spirits  mould  object  to  Gemell  wanting  its  Authori* 
ties  as  an  Englijh  Word,  I  think  fit  to  obferve,  in  Aid  of  my  Friend's 
iine  Conjecture,  that  it  is  no  new  Thing  with  Shakefpeare  \p  coin  and 

K  z  enfran- 


1 3 1    A  Midfammer- Nights  Dream. 

Mine  own,  and  not  mine  own. 

Dem.  It  feems  to  me, 
That  yet  we  fleep,  we  dream.     Do  not  you  think, 
The  Duke  was  here,  and  bid  us  follow  him? 

Her.  Yea,  and  my  father. 

Hel.  And  Hippolita. 

Lyf.  And  he  did  bid  us  follow  to  the  temple. 

Dem.  Why  then,  we  are  awake }  let's  follow  him  5 
And,  by  the  way,  let  us  recount  our  dreams.    {Exeunt. 

As  they  go  out^  Bottom  wakes. 

Bot.  When  my  cue  comes,  call  me,  and  I  will  an- 
fwer.  My  next  is,  Moll  fair  Pyramus —  hey,  ho, — 
Peter  Quince^  Flute  the  bellows-mender!  Snowt  the 
tinker !  Starveling  !  god's  my  life  !  floll'n  hence,  and 
left  me  afleep  ?  I  have  had  a  mod  rare  virion.  I  had 
a  dream,  paft  the  wit  of  man  to  fay  what  dream  it 
was  :  man  is  but  an  afs,  if  he  go  about  to  expound 
this  dream.  Methought  I  was,  there  is  no  man  can 
tell  what.  Methought  I  was,  and  methought  I  had,— 
But  man  is  but  a  patch'd  fool,  if  he  will  offer  to  fay 
what  methought  I  had.  The  eye  of  man  hath  not 
heard,  the  ear  of  man  hath  not  feen  5  man's  hand  is 
not  able  to  tafte,  his  tongue  to  conceive,  nor  his 
heart  to  report  what  my  dream  was.  I  will  get  Peter 
Quince  to  write  a  ballad  of  this  dream ;  it  fhall  be 
call'd  Bottom's  Dream^  becaufe  it  hath  no  bottom  j 
and  I  will  fing  it  in  the  latter  end  of  a  play  before  the 

enfranchize  Words  fairly  deriv'd ;  and  fome  fuch  as  have  by  the  Gram- 
marians been  call'd  &-*■&%  Ka.yo/ufaJtr,  or  Words  ufed  but  once.  Again, 
tho'  Gemell  be  not  adopted  either  by  Chaucer,  or  Spenfer  ;  nor  acknow- 
ledg'd  by  the  Dictionaries;  yet  both  Blount  in  his  Glojfography,  and 
Philips  in  his  World  of  Words  have  Geminels,  which  they  interpret  Twins. 
And  laftly,  in  two  or  three  other  Paffages,  Shakefpeare  ufes  the  fame 
Manner  of  Thought.  In  the  Comedy  of  Errors,  where  Adriana  fees 
her  Husband  and  his  Twin-brother,  fhe  fays  ; 

I  fee  two  Husbands,  or  my  Eyes  deceive  me. 
One  of  them,  therefore,  feemd  to  be  her  own,  but  was  not.     And  in  his 
Twelfth -nighty  when  Viola  and  Sebaftian,  who  were  Twins,  appear  toge- 
ther, they  bear  fo  ltrift  a  Refemblance,  that  the  Duke  cries ; 

One  Face,  otrr  Voice,  one  Habit,  and  two  Perfons  > 

A  nafral  Perfpeclivc,  that  is,  and  is  not. 

.  Duke: 


A  Midfumwer-Nighfs  Dream.     13  5 

Duke ;  (z8)  peradventure,  to  make  it  the  more  graci- 
ous, I  fhall  ling  it  after  Death.  [Exit* 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Town. 
Enter  Quince,  Flute,  Snowt,  and  Starveling. 

Quin.  T  T  Ave  you  fent  to  Bottom's  houfe  ?  is  he  come 
JT1  home  yet? 

Star.  He  cannot  be  heard  o£  Out  of  doubt,  he  is 
tranfported. 

Flute,  If  he  come  not,  then  the  play  is  marr'd.  It 
goes  not  forward,  doth  it  ? 

§)uin.  it  is  not  poffiblej  you  have  not  a  man,  in  all 
Athens^  able  to  difcharge  Pyramus^  but  he. 

Flute.  No,  he  hath  fimply  the  beft  wit  of  any  han«> 
dy-craft  man  in  Athens. 

Quin.  Yea,  and  the  bed  perfon  too  j  and  he  is  a 
very  paramour  for  a  fweet  voice. 

Flute.  You  muft  fay,  paragon  j  (ip)  a  paramour  is 
(God  blefs  us ! )  a  thing  of  naught. 

Enter  Snug. 

Snug.  Matters,  the  Duke  is  coming  from  the  tem- 
ple, and  there  is  two  or  three  lords  and  ladies  more 

(28)  Peradventure,  to  make  it  the  more  gracious,  I  fhall Jing  it  at  her 
Death."]  At  her  Death  ?  At  nvhefe  ?  In  all  Bottom^  Speech  there  is  not 
the  lealt  mention  of  any  She- Creature,  to  whom  this  Relative  can  be 
coupled.  I  make  not  the  leafl  Scruple,  but  Bottom,  for  the  fake  of  a 
Jeft,  and  to  render  his  Voluntary,  as  we  may  call  it,  the  more  graci- 
ous and  extraordinary,  faid;  —  Ifhallfingit  after  Death.  He,  as  Pyra- 
musy  is  kill'd  upon  the  Scene  ;  and  fo  might  promife  to  rife  again  at  the 
Conclufion  of  the  Interlude,  and  give  the  Duke  his  Dream  by  way  of 
Song.. -The  Source  of  the  Corruption  of  the  Text  is  very  obvi- 
ous. The/* in  after  being  funk  by  the  vulgar  Pronunciation,  the  Co- 
pyift  might  write  it  from  the  Sound, alter :  which  the  wife  Edi- 
tors not  underftanding,  concluded,  two  Words  were  erroneoufly  got  to- 
gether ;  fo  fplitting  them,  and  clapping  in  an  h,  produced  the  prefent 
Reading —  at  her. 

[29]  A  Paramour  is  (god  blefs  us)  a  thing  of  nought.]  This  is  a 
Reading,  I  am  fure,  of  Nought.     My  Change  of  a  fingle  Letter  gives 

a  very  important  Change  to  the  Humour  of  the  Paffage. A  Thing 

of  naught,  means,  a  naughty  Thing,  little  better  than  downright  Banvdry. 
So,  in  Hamlet ,  Opheliaf  when  He  talks  a  little  grofsly  to  her,  replies; 
You  re  naught,  you  re  naught,  my  Lord ;  &c. 

K  j  married  $ 


134     d  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

married y  if  our  fport  had  gone  forward,  we  had  all 
been  made  men. 

Flute.  O  fweet  bully  Bottom!  thus  hath  he  loft  fix- 
pence  a-day  during  his  life  *,  he  could  not  have  'fcap'd 
fix-pence  a-day  $  an  the  Duke  had  not  given  him  fix^ 
pence  a-day  for  playing  Pyramus,  I'll  be  hang'd ;  he 
would  have  deferv'd  it.  Six-pence  a-day,  in  Pyramusy 
or  nothing. 

Enter  Bottom. 

Bot.  Where  are  thefe  lads  ?  where  are  thefe  hearts  ? 

Q)uin.  Bottom/ — O  moil  courageous  day!  O  moft 
happy  hour ! 

Bot.  Mailers,  I  am  to  difcourfe  wonders  \  but  ask 
me  not  what-,  for  if  1  tell  you,  I  am  no  true  Athenian.' 
I  will  tell  you  every  thing  as  it  fell  out, 

Ghtw.  Let  us  hear,  fweet  Bottom.' 

Bot.  Not  a  word  of  me  5  all  I  will  tell  you,  is,  that 
the  Duke  hath  dined.  Get  your  apparel  together, 
good  firings  to  your  beards,  new  ribbons  to  your 
pumps  j  meet  prefently  at  the  palace,  every  man  look 
o'er  his  part  5  for  the  lliort  and  the  long  is,  (30)  our 
play  is  preferred:  in  any  cafe,  let  'Thisbyhnvt  clean  lin- 
nen  *  and  let  not  him,  that  plays  the  lion,  pare  his 
nails,  for  they  (hall  hang  out  for  the  lions  claws  >  and, 
moil  dear  -actors  !  eat  no  onions,  nor  garlick,  for  we 
are  to  utter  fweet  breath  ^  and  I  do  not  doubt  to  hear 
them  fay,  it  is  a  fweet  comedy.  No  more  words  $ 
away  j  go,  away.  i  \Exeurit. 

{30)  Our  play  is  preferred ;]  This  Word  is  not  to  be  taken  in  its 
moft  common  Acceptation  here,  as  if  their  Play  was  choftn  in  Prefe- 
rence to  the  others ;  (foF  that  appears  afterwards  not  to  be  the  Fadfcj) 
but  means,  that  it  was  given  in,  among  others,  for  the  Duke's  Option; 
And,  in  this  Senfe,  we  fay,- — pref&rr  a  Petition;  i.e.  give  it  in, 
lodge  it,  for  the  Judge's  Anfwer.     So,  in  J 'ulius  C<z 'far •,  Ductus  fays; 

Where  is  Metelius  Cimber  ?  let  him  go. 

And  prefently  prefer  his  Suit  (a  Caefar, 


■    .** 


A  C  1 


A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream.     135 

A    C    T      V. 

SCENE,    the  Palace. 

Enter  Thefeus,  Hippolita,  Egeus,  and  his  Lords* 

Hippo  k  IT  A. 

it  |1I  S  ftrange,  my  Thefeus  >  what  thefe  lovers  fpeak 
I       of. 

JL        Thef.  More  ftrange  than  true.    I  never  may 
believe 
Thefe  antick  fables,  nor  thefe  Fairy  toys  5 
Lovers  and  madmen  have  fuch  feething  brains, 
Such  ftiaping  fantafies,  that  apprehend 
More  than  cool  reafon  ever  comprehends. 
The  lunatick,  the  lover,  and  the  poet, 
Are  of  imagination  all  compact : 
One  fees  more  devils  than  vaft  hell  can  hold  $ 
The  madman.     While  the  lover,  all  as  frantick, 
Sees  Helen's  beauty  in  a  brow  of  Egypt. 
The  poet's  eye,  in  a  fine  frenzy  rowling, 
Doth  glance  from  heaven  to  earth,  from  earth  to  heav'ni 
And  as  imagination  bodies  forth 
The  forms  of  things  unknown,  the  poet's  pen 
Turns  them  to  fhape,  and  gives  to  aiery  nothing 
A  local  habitation  and  a  name. 
Such  tricks  hath  ftrong  imagination, 
That  if  he  would  but  apprehend  fome  joy, 
Jt  comprehends  fome  bringer  of  that  joy  $ 
Or  in  the  night  imagining  fome  fear, 
How  eafje  is  a  bufh  fuppos'd  a  bear  ? 

Hip.  But  all  the  ftory  of  thj£  night  told  over, 
And  all  their  minds  transfigur'd  fo  together, 
More  witnefleth  than  fancy's  images, 
And  grows  to  fomething  of  great  conftancy  $ 
But,  howfoever,  ftrange  and  admirable. 

K  4  ¥*M& 


1 3  6    A  Midfurnmer-Nighfs  Dream. 

Enter  Lyfander,  Demetrius,  Hermia  and  Helena. 

thef.  Here  come  the  lovers,  full  of  joy  and  mirth. 
Joy,  gentle  friends  $  joy  and  freih  days  of  love 
Accompany  your  hearts. 

Lyf.  More  than  to  us, 
Wait  on  your  royal  walks,  your  board,  your  bed. 

thef  Come  now,  what  masks,  what  dances  fhall  we 
have, 
To  wear  away  this  long  age  of  ihree  hours, 
Between  our  after-fupper  and  bed-time? 
Where  is  our  ufual  manager  of  mirth? 
What  revels  are  in  hand  ?  is  there  no  play, 
To  eafe  the  anguifti  of  a  torturing  hour? 
Call  Philofirate. 

Enter  Philofirate. 

Philoft.  Here,  mighty  the  feus. 

thef    Say,    what   abridgment    have  you  for   this 
evening  ? 
What  mafque  ?  what  mufick  ?  how  fhall  we  beguile 
The  lazy  time,  if  not  with  fome  delight  ? 

Philoft.  There  is  a  brief,  how  many  fports  are  ripe:  (}i) 
Make  choice  of  which  your  Highnefs  will  fee  firft. 

[Giving  a  Paper. 

thef.  reads."]  the  battel  with  the  Centaur s^  to  befung  (31) 
By  an  Athenian  eunuch  to  the  harp. 

(31)  ~ —  ho*w  many  Sports  are  rife  :]     I  have  chofen  to  reftore 

from  one  of  the  old  Quarto's  printed  in  1600,  ripe,  as  the  moll  proper 
Word  here :  ripe,  fignifying  any  thing  ready  for  Uie  1  rifey  only  the  great 
Increafe  of  any  thing. 

(5  2}  Lyf.  The  battel  with  the  Centaurs—']  Here  the  fixteen  Lines,  that 
follow,  from  the  Time  of  the  firil  Folio  Edition  put  out  by  the  Players, 
have  impertinently  been  divided,  by  two  Verfes  alternately,  betwixt 
Thefeus  and  Ly fonder.  But  what  has  Lyfander  to  do  in  the  Affair  ?  He 
is  no  Courtier  of  Thefeus's,  but  only  an  occafional  Gueft ;  and  juft  come 
out  of  the  Woods,  fo  not  likely  to  know  what  Sports  were  in  Preparation. 
I  have  taken  the  old  Quarto's  for  my  Guides,  in  regulating  this  Parage. 
Thefeus  asks  after  Entertainment.  Philoftrate,  who  is  his  Mailer  of  the 
Revels,  gives  him  in  a  Lift  of  what  Sports  are  ready  :  upon  which, 
Thefeus  reads  the  Titles  of  them  out  of  the  Lift,  and  then  alternately 
makes  his  Remarks  upon  them.  And  this,  I  dare  fay,  was  the  Poet1* 
pwn  Defien  and  Diftribution. 

Wf'JJ 


A  Midfummcr- Nights  Dream.     1 3 ' 

We'll  none  of  that.  That  I  have  told  my  love, 
In  glory  of  my  kinfrnan  Hercules. 
The  riot  of  the  tipfie  Bacchanals, 
fearing  the  Thracian  finger  in  iheir  rage. 
That  is  an  old  device  -9  and  it  was  plaid, 
When  I  from  Thebes  came  laft  a  conqueror. 
The  thrice  three  Mufes  mourning  for  the  death 
Of  learning,  late  deceased  in  beggary. 
That  is  fome  fatyr,  keen  and  critical  $ 
Not  forting  with  a  nuptial  ceremony. 
A  tedious  brief  fee ue  of  young  Py  ramus, 
And  his  love  Thisbe  \  very  tragical  mirth. 
Merry  and  tragical  ?  tedious  and  brief? 
That  is  hot  Ice,  and  wondrous  ftrangc  Snow. 
How  (hall  we  find  the  concord  of  this  difcord  ? 

Philoft.  A  play  there  is,   my  lord,  fome  ten  words 
long  5 
Which  is  as  brief,  as  I  have  known  a  play  5 
But  by  ten  words,  my  lord,  it  is  too  long  $ 
Which  makes  it  tedious :  for  in  all  the  play 
There  is  not  one  word  apt,  one  player  fitted. 
And  tragical^  my  noble  lord,  it  is  : 
For  Pyramus  therein  doth  kill  himfelf. 
Which,  when  I  faw  rehears'd,  I  muft  confefe, 
Made  mine  eyes  water  5  but  more  merry  tears 
TJie  paflion  of  loud  laughter  never  fhed. 

Thef.  What  are  they,  that  do  play  it? 

Philoft.  Hard-handed  men,  that  work  in  Athens  here, 
Which  never  Jabour'd  in  their  minds  'till  now  5 
And  now  have  toil'd  their  unbreath'd  memories 
With  this  fame  play  againft  your  nuptials. 

ffhef.  And  we  will  hear  it. 

Philoft.  No,  my  noble  lord, 
It  is  not  for  you.     I  have  heard  it  over, 
And  it  is  nothing,  nothing  in  the  world  j 
Unlefs  you  can  find  fport  in  their  intents, 
Extremely  ftretch'd  and  conn'd  with  cruel  pain, 
To  do  you  fervice. 

The/.  I  will  hear  that  play: 
For  never  any  thing  can  be  amifs, 

When 


?  3  8     A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

When  fimplenefs  and  duty  tender  it. 

Go,  bring  them  in,  and  take  your  places,  ladies. 

[Exit. Vhil 

Hip.  I  love  not  to  fee  wretchednefs  o'ercharg'd, 
And  duty  in  his  fervice  perifhing. 

The/.  Why,  gentle  fweet,  you  (hall  fee  no  fuch  thing. 

Hip.  He  fays,  they  can  do  nothing  in  this  kind. 

T'hef.  The  kinder  we,  to  give  them  thanks  fornothing0 
Our  fport  fhall  be,  to  take  what  they  miftakej 
And  what  poor  [willing]  duty  cannot  do,  (33) 
Noble  refpe£t  takes  it  in  might,  not  merit. 
Where  I  have  come,  great  clerks  have  purpofed 
To  greet  me  with  premeditated  welcomes  $ 
Where  I  have  feen  them  fhiver  and  look  pale, 
Make  periods  in  the  midft  of  fentences, 
Throttle  their  praftis'd  accent  in  their  fears, 
And,  in  conclufion,  dumbly  have  broke  off, 
Not  paying  me  a  welcome.     Truft  me,  fweet, 
Out  of  this  filence  yet  I  pick'd  a  welcome : 
And  in  the  modefty  of  fearful  duty 
I  read  as  much,  as  from  the  rattling  tongue 
Of  fawcy  and  audacious  eloquence. 
Love  therefore,  and  tongue-tyM  fimplicity, 
In  leaft,  fpeak  moft,  to  my  capacity. 

Enter  Philoftrate. 

Phil.  So  pleafe  your  Grace,  the  prologue  is  addreft. 
¥hef.  Let  him  approach.  [Flor.  Trum* 

Enter  Quince,  for  the  prologue. 

Pro.  If  we  offend,  it  is  with  our  good  will. 
That  you  fhould  think,  we  come  not  to  offend, 
But  with  good  will.     To  fliew  our  fimple  skill, 
That  is  the  true  beginning  of  our  end. 

(33)    And  nvhat  poor  duty  cannot  do,  noble  Re fpefl, 

lakes  it  in  Might,  not  Merit.]  What  Ears  have  thefe  poetical 
Editors,  to  palm  this  rlril  Line  upon  us  as  a  Verfe  of  Sbakefpeare?  'Tis 
certain,  an  Epithet  had  flipt  out,  and  I  have  ventufd  to  reftore  fuch  a  one 
as  the  Senfe  may  difpenfe  with  i  and  which  makes  the  two  Verfes  flowing 
and  perfect. 

Confide* 


A  Midfummer-Night's  Dream,    i  $  % 

Confider  then,  we  come  but  in  defpight. 

We  do  not  come,  as  minding  to  content  you,  (34) 
Our  true  intent  is. —  all  for  your  delight, 

We  are  not  here.  —  that  you  fhould  here  repent  you, 
The  actors  are  at  hand  •,  —  and  by  their  fhow, 
You  ftiall  know  all,  that  you  are  like  to  know. 

fhef.  This  fellow  doth  not  ftand  upon  points, 

Lyf.  He  hath  rid  his  prologue,  like  a  rough  colt ; 
he  knows  not  the  flop.  A  good  moral,  my  lord.  Ic 
is  not  enough  tofpeak,  but  to  fpeak  true. 

Hip,  Indeed  he  hath  play'd  on  his  prologue,  like  a 
child  on  the  recorder  5  a  found,  but  not  in  govern- 
ment. 

Thef  His  fpecch  was  like  a  tangled  chain  j  nothing 
impair'd,  but  all  diforder'd.     Who  is  the  next? 

Enter  Pyramus,  and  Thisbe,  Wall,   Moonlhine,  and 
Lion,  as  in  dumb  Jhow. 

Pro.  Gentles,  perchance,  you  wonder  at  this  fhow,  , 

But  Wonder  on,  till  truth  make  all  things  plain. 
This  man  is  Pyramus,  if  you  would  know  5 

This  beauteous  lady,  Thisbyis9  certain. 
This  man,  with  lime  and  rough- caft,  doth  prefent    * 

Wall,  the  vile  wall,  which  did  thefc  lovers  funder : 
And  through  wall's  chink,  poor  fouls*  they  are  content 

To  whifper,  at  the  which  let  no  man  wonder. 
This  man,  with  lanthorn,  dog,  and  bufli  of  thorn, 

Prefenteth  Moon-fhine :  For,  if  you  will  know, 4 
By  moon- ftiine  did  thefe  lovers  think  no  fcorn 

To  meet  at  Ninus*  tomb,  there,  there  to  woo. 

(34)  We  do  not  comb  as  minding  to  content you , 

Our  true  Intent  is  all  for  your  Delight, ••• 

We  are  not  here  that  you  jhould  here  repent  you, 

TheAftors  are  at  hand  \  &c]  Thus  the  late  accurate  Editor,  deviating, 
from  all  the  Old  Copies,  has,  by  a  certain  peculiar  Fatality,  pointed  this 
Panage.  The  whole  Glee  and  Humour  of  the  Prologue  is  in  theA&or's 
making  falfe  Refts,  and  fo  turning  every  Member  of  the  Sentences  into 
flagrant  Nonfenfe.  And  Mr.  Pope  feems  very  cruel  to  our  Author,  (con- 
sidering, how  many  PaiTages,  which  mould  have  been  pointed  right,  he 
kas  pointed  wrong ;)  that  here,  when  he  mould  point  wrong,  with  a 
Grange  Perverieuejs,  and  unufual  Appetite  for  Seafe*  he  will  point  right. 

This 


140     A  Micifummer~Nighf$  Dream. 

This  grifly  beaft,  which  by  name  Lion  hight,  (jf) 
The  trufty  Thisbe^  coming  firft  by  night, 
Did  fcare  away,  or  rather  did  affright : 
And  as  me  fled,  her  mantle  flie  let  fall  j 

Which  Lion  vile  with  bloody  mouth  did  ftain. 
Anon  comes  Pyramus^  fweet  youth  and  tall, 

And  finds  his  trufty  cthisbe>s  mantle  flain  j 
Whereat,  with  blade,  with  bloody  blameful  blade 

He  bravely  broach'd  his  boiling  bloody  breaft. 
And  Thisby,  tarrying  in  the  mulberry  made, 

His  dagger  drew,  and  died.     For  all  the  reft, 
Let  Liony  Moon-Jhine,  Wall^  and  lovers  twain, 
At  large  difcourfe,  while  here  they  do  remain. 

[Exeunt  all  but  W^W. 

fthef.  I  wonder,  if  the  Lion  be  to  fpeak. 

Dem.  No  wonder,  my  lord  j  one  Lion  may,  when 
many  afTes  do. 

IVall.  In  this  fame  Interlude,  it  doth  befal, 
That  I,  one  Snout  by  name,  prefent  a  Wall :  (36) 
And  fuch  a  wall,  as  I  would  have  you  think, 
That  had  in  it  a  crannied  hole  or  chink  5 
Through  which  the  lovers,  Pyr'mus  and  fbis-be^ 
Did  whifper  often  very  fecretly. 
This  loam,  this  rough- caft,  and  this  ftone  doth  fliew, 
That  I  am  that  fame  wall  5  the  truth  is  fo. 
And  this  the  cranny  is,  right  and  finifter, 
Through  which  the  fearful  lovers  are  to  whifper. 

fthef.  Would  you  defire  lime  and  hair  to  fpeak  better? 

Dem,  It  is  the  wittieft  partition,  that  ever  I  heard  dif- 
courfe,  my  lord. 

fthef.  Pyramus  draws  near  the  wall :  filence ! 

(35)  which  Lion  hight  by  name,]     As  all  the  other  Parts  of 

this  Speech  are  in  alternate  Rhyme,  excepting  that  it  clofes  with  a  Cou- 
plet', and  as  no  Rhyme  is  left  to,  name;  we  mull  conclude,  either  a 
Verfe  is  flipt  out,  which  cannot  now  be  retrieved :  or,  by  a  Tranfpofition 
of  the  Words,  as  I  have  placed  them,  the  Poet  intended  a  Triplet. 

(36)  That  I,  one  Flute  by  name,]  Thus  Mr.  Pops  gives  it  us,  either 
from  the  old  Quarto's,  or  by  Accident.  But  Acpident,  or  Authority, 
happens  to  be  wrong  in  it :  and  we  mull  reftore,  Snout,  with  the  old 
Fc!io\  i  for  it  appears  in  the  iirlt  Aft,  that  Flute  was  to  perform  Tbisbe. 

Enter 


A  Midfurnmer-Nighfs  Dream.     141 

Enter  Pyramus. 

Pyr.  O  grim-look'd  night !  O  night  with  hue  fo  black ! 

0  night  which  ever  art,  when  day  is  not ! 
O  night,  O  night,  alack,  alack,  alack, 

1  fear,  my  Thisbe' s  promife  is  forgot. 

And  thou,  O  wall,  O  fweet  and  lovely  wall, 

That  ftands  between  her  father's  ground  and  mine  j 
Thou  wall,  O  Wall,  O  fweet  and  lovely  wall, 

Shew  me  thy  chink,  to  blink  through  with  mine  eyne. 
Thanks,  courteous  wall*  Jove  fhield  thee  well  for  this! 

But  what  fee  I  ?  no  Thisbe  do  I  fee. 
O  wicked  wall,  through  whom  I  fee  no  blifs> 

Curft  be  thy  ftones  for  thus  deceiving  me. 

The/.  The  wall,  methinks,  being  fenfible,  fhould 
curfe  again. 

Pyr.  No,  in  truth,  Sir,  he  fhould  not.  Deceiving 
me^  is  Thisbe' s  cue  j  fhe  is  to  enter,  and  I  am  to  fpy  her 
through  the  wall.  You  fhall  fee,  it  will  fall  pat  as  I 
told  you.    Yonder  fhe  comes. 

Enter  Thisbe. 

Thif  O  wall,  full  often  haft  thou  heard  my  moans, 
For  parting  my  fair  Pyramus  and  me. 
My  cherry  lips  have  often  kifs'd  thy  ftones  j 

Thy  ftones  with  lime  and  hair  knit  up  in  thee. 

Pyr.  I  fee  a  voice  5  now  will  I  to  the  chink  5 
To  fpy,  an  I  can  hear  my  Thisbe*  %  face. 
Thisbe  ! 

Thif.  My  love  !  thou  art,  my  love,  I  think. 

Pyr.  Think  what  thou  wilt,  I  am  thy  lover's  grace. 
And  like  Limander  am  I  trufty  ft  ill. 

Thif.  And  I  like  Helen^  till  the  fates  me  kill. 

Pyr.  Not  Shafalus  to  Procrus  was  fo  true. 

Thif.  As  Shafalus  to  Procrus^  I  to  you. 

Pyr.  O  kifs  me  through  the  hole  of  this  vile  wall. 

Thif.  I  kifs  the  wall's  hole,  not  your  lips  at  all. 

Pyr.  Wilt  thou  at  Ninny's  tomb  meet  me  ftraightway  ? 

Thif  Tide  life,  tide  death,  I  come  without  delay. 

JVall 


142,     A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream* 

Wall.  Thus  have  I  Wall  my  part  difcharged  fo  : 
And,  being  done,  thus  Wall  away  doth  go.  [Exit. 

Thef.  Now  is  the  Mural  down  between  the  two  neigh- 
bours. 

Dem.  No  remedy,  my  lord,  when  walls  are  fo  wil- 
ful to  hear  without  warning. 

Hip.  This  is  the  fillieft  fluff  that  e'er  I  heard. 

fhef.  The  beft  in  this  kind  are  but  fhadows,  and  the 
worft  are  no  worfe  if  imagination  amend  them. 

Hip.  It  muft  be  your  imagination  then,  and  not  theirs. 

The/.  If  we  imagine  no  worfe  of  them  than  they  of 
themfelves,  they  may  pafs  for  excellent  men.  Here 
come  two  noble  beafts  in  a  moon  and  a  lion.  (57) 

Enter  Lion  and  Moonfhine. 

Lion.  You,  ladies,  you,  whofe  gentle  hearts  do  fear 

The  fmalleft  monftrous  moufe  that  creeps  on  floor, 
May  now,  perchance,  both  quake  and  tremble  here, 

When  Lion  rough  in  wildeft  rage  doth  roar. 
Then  know  that  I,  one  Snug  the  joiner,  am 
No  Lion  fell,  nor  elfe  no  Lion's  dam  : 
For  if  I  fliould  as  Lion  come  in  ftrife 
Into  this  place,  'twere  pity  of  my  life. 

fbef.  A  very  gentle  beaft,  and  of  a  good  confcience. 

Dem.  The  very  beft  at  a  beaft,  my  lord,  that  e'er  I 
faw. 

Lyf.  This  Lion  is  a  very  fox  for  his  valour. 

fief.  True  j  and  a  goofe  for  his  difcretion. 

Dem.  Not  fo,  my  lord  *  for  his  valour  cannot  carry 
his  difcretion,  and  the  fox  carries  the  goofe. 

(37)  Here  come  tnuo  noble  Beafls  in  a  Man  and  a  Lion.]  I  don't  think 
the  Jell  here  is  either  compleat,  or  right.  It  is  differently  pointed  in  feveraj 
of  the  Old  Copies,  which,  I  fufpe&,  may  lead  us  to  the  true  Reading,  <viz. 

Here  come  two  noble  Beafls,  in  a  Man  and  a  Lion, 

immediately  upon  The  feus  faying  this,  enter  Lion  and  Moon/bine.    It  feems 
very  probable  therefore,  that  our  Author  wrote 

■        in  a  Moon  and  a  Lion. 
the  one  having  a  Crefcent  and  a  Lanthorn  before  him,  and  reprefenting 
the  Man  in  the  Moon ;  the  other  in  a  Lion's  hide. 

fbef. 


A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream,     r  4  5 

fhef.  His  difcretion,  I  am  fure>  cannot  carry  his  va- 
lour j  for  the  goofe  carries  not  the  fox.  It  is  well: 
leave  it  to  his  difcretion,  and  let  us  hearken  to  the 
moon. 

Moon.  This  lanthorn  doth  the  horned  moon  prefent : 

Dem.  He  fhould  have  worn  the  horns  on  his  head. 

tfhef.  He  is  no  crefcent,  and  his  horns  are  invifiblc 
within  the  circumference. 

Moon.  This  lanthorn  doth  the  horned  Moon  prefent: 
My  felf  the  man  i'th'  moon  doth  feem  to  be. 

fhef.  This  is  the  greateft  error  of  all  the  reft ;  the 
man  fhould  be  put  into  the  lanthorn :  how  is  it  elfe  the 
man  i'th'  moon  ? 

Dem.  He  dares  not  come  there  for  the  candle  5  for 
you  fee,  it  is  already  in  fnuff. 

Hip.  I  am  weary  of  this  moon  j  would  he  would 
change. 

tfhef.  It  appears  by  his  fmall  light  of  difcretion,  that 
he  is  in  the  wane  j  but  yet  in  courtefie,  in  all  reafon  wc 
muft  flay  the  time. 

Lyf*  Proceed,  Moon. 

Moon  All  that  I  have  to  lay,  is  to  tell  you  that  the 
lanthorn  is  the  moon ;  I  the  man  in  the  moon  5  this 
thorn-bufh,  my  thorn-bufh;  and  this  dog,  my  dog. 

Bern.  Why,  all  thefe  fhould  be  in  the  lanthorn; 
for  they  are  in  the  moon.  But,  filencej  here  comes 
Thisby. 

Enter  Thisbe. 

Thif.  This  is  old  Ninntfs  tomb  j  where  is  my  love? 

Lion.  Oh. [the  Lion  roars,  Thisbe  runs  off. 

Dem.  Well  roar'd,  Lion, 
fbef.  Well  run,  thisbe. 
Hip.  Well  fhone.  Moon. 
Truly,  the  Moon  fhines  with  a  good  grace. 
fhef.  Well  mouz'd,  Lion. 
Dem.  And  then  came  Pyramus* 
Lyf.  And  fo  the  Lion  vanifh'd. 

Enter 


1 44    d  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

Enter  Pyrarrius. 

Pyr.  Sweet  Moon,  I  thank  thee  for  thy  funny  beams  j 

I  thank  thee,  Moon,  for  fhining  now  fo  bright} 
For  by  thy  gracious,  golden,  glittering  ftreams, 
I  truft  to  tafte  of  trueft  Thisbe's  fight. 
But  ftay  :  O  fpight ! 
But  mark,  poor  Knight, 

What  dreadful  dole  is  here? 
Eyes,  do  you  fee ! 
How  can  it  be ! 

O  dainty  duck !  O  deer ! 
Thy  mantle  good  > 
What,  ftain'd  with  blood  ! 

Approach,  you  furies  fell : 
O  fates !  come,  come : 
Cut  thread  and  thrum  -y 

Quail,  crum,  conclude,  and  quell. 

Thef.  This  paffion,  and  the  death  of  a  dear  friend 
Would  go  near  to  make  a  man  look  fad. 

Hip.  Befhrew  my  heart,  but  I  pity  the  man. 

Pyr.  O  wherefore,  nature,  didft  thou  Lions  frame? 

Since  Lion  vile  hath  here  deflour'd  my  dear : 

Which  is no,  no -which  was  the  faireftdame, 

.    That  liv'd,   that  lov'd,   that  lik'd,  that  look'd  with 

cheer. 
Come  tears,  confound :  out  fword,  and  wound 

The  pap  of  Pyramus. 
Ay,  that  left  pap,  where  heart  doth  hop  : 

Thus  die  I,  thus,  thus,  thus. 
Now  am  I  dead,  now  am  I  fled,  my  foul  is  in  the  skyj 
Tongue,  lofe  thy  light:  moon,  take  thy  flight  -, 
Now  die,  die,  die,  die,  die. 

Dem.  No  die,  but  an  ace  for  him ;  for  he  is  but  one. 

Lyf.  Lefs  than  an  ace,   man*  for  he  is  dead}    he  is 
nothing. 

fhej.  With  the  help  of  a  Surgeon  he  might  yet  re- 
cover, and  prove  an  afs. 

Hip.    How  chance   the    Moonjhine    is    gone,    before 
ffiisbe  comes  back  and  finds  her  lover  ? 

Enter 


A  Midfitmmer- Night's  Dream.     i 4  5 

Enter  Thisbe. 

Fhef.  She  will  find  him  by  ftar-light. 
Here  fhe  comes  j  and  her  paffion  ends  the  fclay. 

Hip.  Methinksj  fhe  fhould  not  ufc  a  long  one  for 
fuch  a  Pyramus:  I  hope,  fhe  will  be  brief. 

Dem.  A  moth  will  turn  the  ballance,  which  Pyramus, 
which  Thisby  is  the  better. 

Lyf  She  hath  fpied  him  already  with  thofe  fweet 
eyes. 

Dem.  And  thus  fhe  moans,  videlicet.— (j8) 

Ifhif.  Afleep,  my  love? 
What  dead,  my  dove  ? 
O  PyramuS)  arife: 
Speak,  fpeak.     Quite  dumb  ? 
Dead,  dead?  a  tomb 
Muft  coyer  thy  fweet  eyes. 
Thefe  lilly  brows,  (32) 
This  cherry  nofe, 
Thefe  yellow  cowflip  cheeksj 
Are  gone,  are  gone  : 
Lovers,  make  moan! 
His  eyes  were  green  as  leeks, 
O  lifters  three, 
Come,  come  to  me, 
With  hands  as  pale  as  milk* 
Lave  them  in  gore, 
Since  you  have  fhore 
With  fheers  his  thread  of  filk* 

(3  8)  And  thusjhe  means ]    Thus  all  the  Editions  have  it,  I  think, 

without  any  Meaning.  It  mould  be,  thus  me  moans  i  I.e.  laments  over 
her  dead  Pyramus.  It  is  faid  a  little  above,  And  her  Paffion  ends  the 
Play. 

(39)  Thefe  lilly  Lips,  m  cherry  Nofe,]  All  Thisbfs  Lamentation, 
till  now,  runs  in  regular  Rhyme  and  Metre.  But  Both,  by  Tome  Ac- 
cident, are  in  this  fingle  Infiance  interrupted.  I  fufped,  the  Poet 
v>  rote  i 

Thefe  lilfy  Brows, 
This  cherry  Nofet 

Now  black  Brows  being  a  Beauty,  lilly  Brows  are  as  ridiculous  as  a  cherry 
Nofe,  green  Eyes,  or  co^wflip  Cheeks.  J 

Vol.  I.  L  Tongue 


1 4  6     A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

Tongue,  not  a  word : 
Come,  trufty  fword  > 
Come,  blade,  my  breaft  imbrue  : 
And  farewel,  friends, 
Thus  Thisbe  ends  > 
Adieu,  adieu,  adieu.  - 
Thef.  Moon-Jhine  and  Lion  are  left  to  bury  the  dead. 
Dem.  Ay,  and  Wall  too. 

Bot.  No,  I  aflure  you,  the  wall  is  down  that  parted 
their  fathers.  Will  it  pleafe  you  to  fee  the  epilogue, 
or  to  hear  a  bergomask  dance,  between  two  of  our 
company  ? 

*thef.  No  epilogue,  I  pray  you  $  for  your  play  needs 
no  excufe.  Never  excufe  5  for  when  the  players  are 
all  dead,  there  need  none  to  beblam'd.  Marry,  if  he, 
that  writ  it,  had  play'd  Pyramus^  and  hung  himfelf  in 
fthisbe's  garter,  it  would  have  been  a  fine  tragedy :  and 

fo  it  is,  truly,  and  very  notably  difcharg'd.   But  come, 
your  bergomask  j  let  your  epilogue  alone. 

[Here  a  dance  of  clowns. 

The  iron  tongue  of  midnight  hath  told  twelve. 

Lovers,  to  bed  5  'tis  almoft  it1  airy  time. 

I  fear,  we  mail  out-fleep  the  coming  morn, 

As  much  as  we  this  night  have  over-watch'd. 

This  palpable  grofs  Play  hath  well  beguiled 

The  heavy  gaite  of  night.     Sweet  friends,  to  bed. 

A  fortnight  hold  we  this  folemnity, 

In  nightly  revel  and  new  jollity.  [Exeunt. 

Enter  Puck. ; 

Puck.  Now  the  hungry  lion  roars, 
And  the  wolf  behowls  the  moon:  (40) 
Whilft  the  heavy  ploughman  fnoars, 
All  with  weary  task  fore-done. 

Now 

(40)  And  the  Wolf  beholds  the  moon ;]  As  'tis  the  Defign  of  thefe 
Lines  to  characterize  the  Animals,  as  they  prefent  themfelves  at  the 
Hour  of  Midnight;  and  as  the  Wolf. is  not  juftly  characterized  by  fay- 
ing he  beholds  the  Moon;  which  all  other  Beafts  of  Prey,  then  awake, 
do:    and   as  the   Sounds   thefe   Animals  make  at    that  Seafon,  feem 

alia 


<d  Midfurntner-Nighfs  Dream.    1 4  7 

Now  the  wafted  brands  do  glow, 

Whilft  the  fcritch-owl,  fcritching  loud, 
Puts  the  wretch,  that  lies  in  woe. 

In  remembrance  of  a  fhroud. 
Now  it  is  the  time  of  night, 

That  the  graves,  all  gaping  wide, 
Every  one  lets  forth  his  ipright, 

In  the  church-way  paths  to  glide  j 
And  we  Fairies,  that  do  run 

By  the  triple  Hecate's  team, 
From  the  prefence  of  the  fun, 

Following  darknefs  like  a  dream, 
Now  are  frolick  >  not  a  moufe 
Shall  difturb  this  hallow'd  houfe. 
I  am  lent  with  broom  before, 
To  fweep  the  duft  behind  the  door. 

Enter  King  arid  Queen  of  Fairies,  with  their  train. 

Ob.  Through  the  houfe  give  glimmering  light, 
By  the  dead  and  drowfie  fire, 

alfo   intended    to   be  reprefented  ;    I  make  no  Quefuon  but  the  Poet 
wrote ; 

And  the  Wolfe  be  howls  the  Moon. 
For  fo  the  Wolf  is  exactly  characterize,   it  being  his  rez-dar  Property 
to  bo---!  at  the  Moon.       1  as  bemoan,  befeem,  betrim,  and  an  hua- 

dred  other;  Mr.  Warburton. 

So,  again,   in  As  ;:u  like  it. 

Pray  y:u.   ?::  more    :fi:::;\  'tis    like  the  bowling  of  Irifh  Wolves 
c~ainft  the  Moon. 
So  in  Beaumont  and  Fl;::h(y:i  Faithful  Sbepberdefs. 

■  or  the  Omcly 

Or  cur  great  Enemy,  that  ftill  doth  howl 

Againit.  the  Moon  s  pah  Beams. 
For  this  is  fpoken  of  the  Wolfe,  and  by  a  Shepherd,    to  whom   that 
Beaft  was  an  Enemy,  with  rehire   ta  his   Flock.     And  fa  m  Marftons 
Antonio  and  Mellida,  where  the  whole  Paflage  feems  to  be  copied  troji 
of  cur  Author. 

X:--.:  barks  the  Wolf  again.t  :•-.-•    '.,'.'.-:  '■:■:■: •:'.:  Mccn; 

X:~j:  Lyons   l\;.'-h\ .-*-:'.    1  ::  .    ..  r:ar  ':  ■  ::::.  ; 

1    -jo  croaks  the  Toad,  and  night-crows  fliriek  aloud, 

Flortrir  g  bout  Cafements  §f  depirhr.g  Soul* 

W-v  2vd?  :■■:  Graves,   c.-.i  :'■:  ■;'    ;  let  Ioofe 


'    '  : 


L  z  Every 


i  4  S     /f  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream. 

Every  elf,  and  fairy  fprite, 

Hop  as  light  as  bird  from  brier 5 
And  this  ditty  after  me 
Sing,  and  dance  it  trippingly. 

£>>ueen.  Firfl:  rehearfe  this  fong  by  roat, 
To  each  word  a  warbling  note. 
Hand  in  hand,  with  fairy  grace, 
Will  we  fing,  and  blefs  this  place. 

The  SONG. 

Now,  until  the  break  of  day, 
through  this  houfe  each  Fairy  firay. 
7*o  the  beft  bride-bed  will  we, 
Which  by  us  Jhall  blejfed  be  : 
And  the  ijjue,  there  create •, 
Ever  Jhall  be  fortunate  ; 
So  Jhall  all  the  couples  three 
'    Ever  true  in  loving  be : 

And  the  blots  of  nature's  hand 
Shall  not  in  their  ijfue  ftand\ 
Never  mole,  hair- lip,  nor  fear, 
Nor  mark  prodigious,  fuch  as  an 
Defpifed  in  nativity ', 
Shall  upon  their  children  be. 
With  this  field," dew  confecrate, 
Every  Fairy  take  his  gate, 
And  each  fever al  chamber  blefs, 
Through  this  palace  with  fweet  peace. 
Ever  Jhall  it  fafely  reft, 
And  the  owner  of  it  b/eft. 
Trip  away,  make  no  ft  ay ; 
Meet  me  all  by  break  of  day. 

Puck.  If  we  ihadows  have  offended, 
Think  but  this,  and  all  is  mended ; 
That  you  have  but  flumbred  here, 
While  thefe  vifions  did  appear. 
And  this  weak  and  idle  theam 
No  more  yielding  but  a  dream, 

Gentles, 


A  Midfummer-Nighfs  Dream.     1 4  9 

Gentles,  do  not  reprehend  -, 

If  you  pardon,  we  will  mend. 

And  as  I  am  honeft  Puck^ 

If  we  have  unearned  luck 

Now  to  'fcape  the  ferpent's  tongue, 

We  will  make  amends  ere  long : 

Elfe  the  Puck  a  liar  call  : 

So  good  night  unto  you  all. 

Give  me  your  hands,  if  we  be  friends  $ 


And  Robin  fhall  reftore  amends. 


[Exeunt  omnes. 


t  j 


THE 


THE     TWO 


GENTLEMEN 


O    F 


VERONA 


L  4 


Dramatis  Perform 


D  U  K  E  of  Milan,  Father  to  Silvia. 

Valentine,  ?     ,    '        '      _ 
'  '  .     •        >  the  Two  Gentlemen. 
Protheus,    > 

Anphonio,  Father  to  Protheus. 
Thurio,  a  foolijh  Rival  to  Valentine. 
Eglatnoi?,  Agent  for  Silvia  in  her  Efeape., 
Holt,  where  Julia  lodges  in  ^lilan. 
Out-laws, 

Speed,  a  chwnijb  Servant  to  Valentine. 
Launce,  the  like  to  Protheus. 
Panthion,  Servant  to  Aqthonio. 

Julia,  a  Lady  of  Verona,  beloved  of  Protheus. 

Silvia,  the  Duke  0/Milan's  Daughter ,  beloved  of  Valentine. 

J^ucetta,  Waiting-woman  to  Julia. 

Servants^  Muficians. 

The  SCENE,  fometimes  in  Verona ;  fometimes 
in  Milan  ;  and  on  the  Frontiers  of  Mantua. 


THE 


TWO    GENTLEMEI 


O  F 


(I) 


VERONA 


ACT     I. 

SCENE,  an  open  Place  in  Verona. 

finter  Valentine  cmd  Protheus. 

Valentine. 

E  A  S  E  to  perfuade,  my  loving  Protheus; 
Home-keeping  youth  have  ever  homely  wits  ; 
Wer't  not,  affection  chains  thy  tender  days 
To  the  fweet  glances  of  thy  honour'd  love, 
I  rather  would  intreat  thy  company, 

To  fee  the  wonders  of  the  world  abroad  ; 

Than  (living  dully  fluggardiz'd  at  home) 

Wear  out  thy  youth  with  fhapelefs  idlenefs. 

But  fince  thou  lov'ft,  love  ftill,  and  thrive  therein  j 

Ev'n  as  I  would,  when  I  to  love  begin. 

(i)  Mr.  Pope  has  obfervM,  that  the  Stile  of  this  Comedy  is  lefs  figura- 
tive, and  more  natural  and  unaffected,  than  the  greater  Part  of  our  Au- 
thor's Plays,  tho1  fuppos'd  to  be  one  of  the  Firft  he  wrote.  I  muft  ob- 
serve, too,  that  as  1  take  it  to  be  One  of  his  very  worft,  it  happens  to  be 
freeft  from  accidental  Corruptions  of  the  Editors:  which  is  the  Reafcm, 
that  my  Notes  are  fewer  on  This  j  than  on  any  One  of  his  other  Pieces. 

Pro. 


154     Tbe  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Pro.  Wilt  thou  be  gone?  fweet  Valentine^  adieu j 
Think  on  thy  Protheus,  when  thou,  haply,  feed 
Some  rare  note-worthy  obje£t  in  thy  travel: 
Wifh  me  partaker  in  thy  happinefs, 
When  thou  doft  meet  good  hap  5  and  in  thy  danger, 
If  ever  danger  do  environ  thee, 
Commend  thy  grievance  to  my  holy  Prayer  $ 
For  I  will  be  thy  bead's-man,  Valentine. 

VaL  And  on  a  love-book  pray  for  my  fuccefs  ? 

Pro.  Upon  fome  book  I  love,  I'll  pray  for  thee. 

VaL  That's  on  fome  {hallow  ftory  of  deep  love, 
How  young  Leander  crofs'd  the  Hellefpont. 

Pro,  That's  a  deep  ftory  of  a  deeper  love* 
For  he  was  more  than  over  fhoes  in  love. 

Val.  'Tis  truej  for  you  are  over  boots  in  love, 
And  yet  you  never  fwom  the  Hellefpont. 

Pro.  Over  the  boots  ?  nay,  give  me  not  the  boots.  (1) 

Vol.  No,  I  will  not }  for  it  boots  thee  not. 

Pro.  What  ? 

VaL  To  be  in  love,  where  fcorn  is  bought  with  groans  * 
Coy  looks,  with  heart^fore  fighs  j  one  fading  moment's 

mirth, 
With  twenty  watchful,  weary,  tedious  nights. 
If  haply  won,  perhaps,  an  haplefs  gain  : 
If  loft,  why  then  a  grievous  labour  won  5 
However,  but  a  folly  bought  with  wit* 
Or  elfe  a  wit  by  folly  vanquiftied. 

Pro.  So,  by  your  circumftance,  you  call  me  fool. 

Vol.  So,  by  your  circumftance,  I  fear,  you'll  prove. 

Pro.  'Tis  love  you  cavil  at  5  I  am  not  love. 

VaL  Love  is  your  matters  for  he  -matters  you. 
And  he  that  is  fo  yoaked  by  a  fool, 
Methinks,  ftiould  not  be  chronicled  for  wife. 

Pro.  Yet  writers  fay,  as  in  the  fweeteft  bud 
The  eating  canker  dwells  j  fo  eating  love 
Inhabits  in  the  fineft  wits  of  all. 

(2)  nay,  give  me  not  the  Boots.]  A  proverbial  Expreflion,  tho'  now 
difus'd,  iignifying,  don't  make  a  laughing  Stock  of  me;  don't  play  upon 
me.  The  French  have  aPhrafe,  Bailler  foln  en  Cowe;  which  Cotgrave 
thus  interprets,  To  give  one  the  Bvots ;  to  Tell  him  a  Bargain. 

■       *  fal 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.     1 5  5 

Val.  And  writers  fay,  as  the  moft  forward  bud 
Is  eaten  by  the  canker,  ere  it  blow  -, 
Even  fo  by  love  the  young  and  tender  wit 
Is  turn'd  to  folly,  blafting  in  the  bud * 
Lofing  his  verdure  even  in  the  prime, 
And  all  the  fair  effects  of  future  hopes. 
But  wherefore  wafte  I  time  to  counfel  thee, 
That  art  a  votary  to  fond  defire  ? 
Once  more,   adieu :  my  father  at  the  road 
Expects  my  coming,  there  to  fee  me  fhipp'd. 

Pro.  And  thither  will  I  bring  thee,  Valentine. 

Val.  Sweet  Protheus,  no:  now  let  us  take  our  leave. 
At  Milan,  let  me  hear  from  thee  by  letters 
Of  thy  fuccefs  in  love^  and  what  news  elfe 
Betideth  here  in  abfence  of  thy  friend  : 
And  I  likewife  will  vifit  thee  with  mine. 

Pro.  All  happinefs  bechance  to  thee  in  Milan! 

Val.  As  much  to  you  at  home  5  and  fo,  farewel !  \JLxit. 

Pro.  He  after  honour  hunts,  I  after  love  5 
He  leaves  his  friends  to  dignify  them  more  5 
I  leave  my  felf,  my  friends,  and  all  for  love. 
Thou,  Julia,  thou  haft  metamorphos'd  me* 
Made  me  neglect  my  ftudies,  lofe  my  time, 
War  with  good  counfel,  fet  the  world  at  nought  5 
Made  wit  with  mufing  weak  5  heart  fick  with  thought. 

Enter  Speed. 

Speed.  Sir  Protheus,  fave  you  5  faw  you  my  mafter? 

Pro.  But  now  he  parted  hence,  t'imbark  for  Milan. 

Speed.  Twenty  to  one  then  he  is  fhipp'd  already, 
And  I  have  play'd  the  fheep  in  lofing  him. 

Pro.  Indeed,  a  fheep  doth  very  often  ftray, 
An  if  the  fhepherd  be  awhile  away. 

Speed.  You  conclude  that  my  mafter  is  a  fhepherd 
then,  and  I  a  fheep  ? 

Pro.  I  do. 

Speed.  Why  then  my  horns  are  his  horns,  whether  I 
wake  or  fleep. 

Pro.  A  filly  anfwer,  and  fitting  well  a  fheep. 

Speed.  This  proves  me  ftill  a  fheep. 

Pro. 


156    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Pro.  True  \  and  thy  mafter  a  fhepherd. 

Speed.  Nay,  that  I  can  deny  by  a  circumftance. 

Pro.  It  {hall  go  hard,  but  I'll  prove  it  by  another. 

Speed.  The  fhepherd  feeks  the  fheep,  and  not  the 
fheep  the  fhepherd  •,  but  I  feek  my  mafter,  and  my  mafter 
feeks  not  me  5  therefore  I  am  no  fheep. 

Pro.  The  fheep  for  fodder  follows  the  fhepherd,  the 
fhepherd  for  food  follows  not  the  fheep  >  thou  for 
wages  follower!:  thy  mafter,  thy  mafter  for  wages  fol- 
lows not  thee-,  therefore  thou  art  a  fheep. 

Speed.  Such  another  proof  will  make  me  cry  Bad. 

Pro.  But  doft  thou  hear  ?   gaveft  thou  my  letter  to 

Julia  ? 

Speed.  Ay,  Sir,  I,  a  loft  mutton,  gave  your  letter  to 
her,  alae'd  mutton  (13)5  and  fhe,a  lae'd  mutton,  gave 
me,  a  loft  mutton,  nothing  for  my  labour. 

Pro.  Here's  too  fmall  a  pafture  for  fuch  ftore  of  mut- 
tons. rt 

Speed.  If  the  ground  be  over-charg'd,  you  were  befl 

flick  her. 

Pro.  Nay,  in  that  you  are  a  ftray  (4)3  'twere  befl 
pound  you.  Speed. 

(n.)  I   a  loft  Mutton,  gave  your  Letter  to  ber,  a  lae'd  Mutton ;]  Launei 
calls  himfelf  a  loft  Mutton,  becaufe  he  had  loft  his  Mafter,  and  becauk 
Proteus  had  been  proving  him  a  Sheep.     But  why  does  he  call  the  Ladj 
a  lacd  Mutton  P     Your  notable  Wenchers  are  to  this  day  call  d  Mutton- 
momers  •  and  confequently  the  Objeft  of  their  Paffion  muft,  by  the  Meta- 
phor, be  the  Mutton.     And  Cotgrave,  in  his  Englijh-Frencb  Dictionary 
explains  Lac"d Mutton,  Vne  Garfe,  futain,  file  de  Joy >e.     And  Mr.  Mot 
teux  has  rendered  this  Paflage  of  Rabelais,  in  the  Prologue  of  his  fourth 
Book,  Cailles  coipbees  mignonnement  cbantans,   in  this  manner;    Coateil 
Quails  and  laced  Mutton  nvaggifily ftnging.     So  that  lac'd  Mutton  ha; 
fen  a  fort  of  ftandard  Phrafe  for  Girls  ofPleafure.  (I  (hall  explain  CailleA 
eoipbees  in  its  proper  Place,  upon  a  Paflage  of  Troths and  Crefftda.)    lia  . 
lac' 'd  Mutton  was  a  Term  in  Vogue  before  our  Author  appear  d  inWri 
tins,  I  find  from  an  old  Play,  printed  in  Black  Letter  in  the  Year  1578 
cali'd  Promos  and  Cajfandra:  in  which  a  Courtezan's  Servant  thusipea* 

to  her ;  * 

Prying  abroad  for  P 'lay efe Howes,  and  fucb, 
For  you,  Miftrejfe,  I  bearde  of  one  Phallax, 
j4  Man  efteemde  of  Promos  <verie  much : 
Of  ivbofi  Nature   I  ivas  fo  bolde  to  axe, 
And  I  Onealte,  be  lonj  d  lafe  mutton  well.  % 

(4)  Xuj,  in  that  you  are  aftray.}    For  the  Reafon  /Ww/giv«h  » 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.    157 

Speed.  Nay*  Sir,  lefs  than  a  pound  ihall  ferve  me  for 
carrying  your  letter. 

Pro.  You  miftake :  I  mean  the  pound,  a  pin-fold. 

Speed.  From  a  pound  to  a  pin  ?  fold  it  over  and  over, 
*Tis  threefold  too  little  for  carrying  a  letter  to  your 
lover. 

Pro.  But  what  faid  flic*  did  fhe  nod?     [Speed  nods. 

Speed.  I. 

Pro.  Nod-I?  why,  that's  noddy. 

Speed.  You  miftook,  Sir  $  I  faid,  fhe  did  nod : 
And  you  ask  me,  if  fhe  did  nod  >  and  I  faid,  I. 

Pro.  And  that  fet  together,  is  noddy. 

Speed.  Now  you  have  taken  the  pains  to  fet  it  toge- 
ther, take  it  for  your  pains. 

Pro.  No,  no,  you  fhall  have  it  for  bearing  the  letter. 

Speed.  Well,  1  perceive,  I  muft  be  fain  to  bear  with 
you. 

Pro.  Why,  Sir,  how  do  you  bear  with  me? 

Speed.  Marry,  Sir,  the  letter  very  orderly  j 
Having  nothing  but  the  word  noddy  for  my  pains. 

Pro.  Befhrew  me,  but  you  have  a  quick  wit. 

Speed.  And  yet  it  cannot  overtake  your  flow  purfe. 

Pro.  Come,  come,  open  the  matter  in  brief  >  what 
faid  fhe  ? 

Speed.  Open  your  purfe,  that  the  mony  and  the  mat- 
ter may  be  both  at  once  deliver'd. 

Pro.  Weil,  Sir,  here  is  for  your  pains,  what  faid  fhe? 

Speed.  Truly,  Sir,  I  think,  you'll  hardly  win  her. 

Pro.  Why  ?  could'ft  thou  perceive  fo  much  from  her  ? 

Speed.  Sir,  I  could  perceive  nothing  at  all  from  her> 
No,  not  fo  much  as  a  ducket  for  delivering  your  letter. 
And  being  fo  hard  to  me  that  brought  your  mind, 
I  fear,  fhe'll  prove  as  hard  to  you  in  telling  her  mind. 
Give  her  no  token  but  ftones*  for  fhe's  as  hard  as  fleel. 

Pro.   What,  faid  fhe  nothing? 

Speed.  No,  not  fo  much  as-— take  this  for  thy  pains: 
To  teftify  your  bounty,  I   thank  you,  you  have    te- 
ftern'd  me  : 

Thirlby  advifes  that  We  fhould  read,  a  Stray  ;  i.  e.  a  (tray  Sheep  ;  which 
continues  Proteus  %  Banter  upon  Speed. 

In 


i  $  8    The  Two  Gentlefnen  of  Verona. 

In  requital  whereof,  henceforth  carry  your  letter  your 
ielf :  and  fo,  Sir,  I'll  commend  you  to  my  matter. 

Pro.  Go,  go5  begone,  to  fave  your  fhip  from  wrack, 
Which  cannot  perifh,  having  thee  aboard, 
Being  deftin'd  to  a  drier  death  on  fhore. 
I  mull  go  fend  fome  better  meffenger : 
I  fear,  my  Julia  would  not  deign  my  lines, 
Receiving  them  from  fuch  a  worthlefs  poft. 

[Exeunt  fever  ally. 

SCENE   changes  to  JuliaV  chamber. 

Enter  Julia  and  Lucetta. 

Jul.  T5  U  T  fay,  Lucetta^  now  we  are  alone, 

13  Would'ft  thou  then  counfel  me  to  fall  in  love  ? 

Luc.  Ay,  madam,  fo  you  ftumble  not  unheedfully. 

Jul.  Of  allthe  fair  refort  of  gentlemen, 
That  ev'ry  day  with  parle  encounter  me,       » 
In  thy  opinion  which  is  worthier!  love? 

Luc.  Pleafe  you,  repeat  their  names ;   I'll  fhew  my 
mind, 
According  to  my  (hallow  fimple  skill. 

Jul.  What  think'ft  thou  of  the  fair  Sir  Eglamour  ? 

Luc.  As  of  a  Knight  well  fpoken,  neat  and  fine* 
But  were  I  you,  he  never  fhould  be  mine. 

Jul.  What  think'ft  thou  of  the  rich  Mercatio  ? 

Luc.  Well  of  his  wealth  >  but  of  himfelf,  fo,  fo.r 

Jul.  What  think'ft  thou  of  the  gentle  Protheus? 

Luc  Lord,  lord!  to  fee  what  folly  reigns  in  us ! 

Jul.  How  now?  what  means  this  paflionat  his  name? 

Luc.  Pardon,  dear  madam  j  'tis  a  paffing  fhame, 
That  I,  unworthy  body  as  I  am, 
Should  cenfure  thus  on  lovely  gentlemen. 

Jul.  Why  not  on  Protheus^  as  of  all  the  reft? 

Luc.  Then  thus  5  of  many  good,  I  think  him  beft. 

Jul.  Your  reafon  ? 

Luc.  I  have  no  other  but  a  woman's  reafon  j 
I  think  him  fo,  becaufe  I  think  him  fo. 

Jul.  And  would'ft  thou  have  me  caftmyloveonhim? 

Luc* 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona,     i  $  ^ 

Luc.  Ay,  if  you  thought  your  love  not  caft  away. 

Jul.  Why,  he  of  all  the  reft  hath  never  mov'd  me* 

Luc.  Yet  he  of  all  the  reft,  I  think,  beft  loves  ye. 

Jul  His  little  fpeaking  ihews  his  love  but  fmall. 

Luc.  The  fire,  that's  clofeft  kept,  burns  moft  of  all. 

Jul  They  do  not  love,  that  do  not  mew  their  love. 

Luc.  Oh,  they  love  leaft,  that  let  men  know  their  love. 

Jul.  I  would,  I  knew  his  mind. 

Luc.  Perufe  this  paper,  madam. 

Jul.   to  Julia  ,  fay,  from  whom  ?  . 

Luc.  That  the  contents  will  fhew. 

Jul.  Say,  fay;  who  gave  it  thee? 

Luc.  Sir  Valentine's  page  ,   and  fent,  I  think,  from 
Protheus. 
He  would  have  giv'n  it  you,  but  I,  being  in  the  way, 
Did  in  your  name  receive  it ,  pardon  the  feult,  I  pray. 

Jul.  Now,  by  my  modefty,  a  goodly  broker! 
Dare  you  prefume  to  harbour  wanton  lines  ? 
To  whifper  and  confpire  againft  my  youth  ? 
Now,  truft  me,  'tis  an  office  of  great  worth  ; 
And  you  an  officer  fit  for  the  place. 
There,  take  the  paper  >  fee,  it  be  return'd  > 
Or  elfe  return  no  more  into  my  fight. 

Luc.  To  plead  for  love  deferves  more  fee  than  hate. 

Jul.  Will  ye  be  gone? 

Luc.  That  you  may  ruminate.  \_Exit. 

Jul.  And  yet  I  would,  I  had  o'er-look'd  the  letter/ 
It  were  a  fhamc  to  call  her  back  again, 
And  pray  her  to  a  fault,  for  which  I  chid  her. 
What  fool  is  fhe,  that  knows  I  am  a  maid, 
And  would  not  force  the  letter  to  my  view  ? 
Since  maids,  in  modefty,  fay  no9  to  that 
Which  they  would  have  the  proff'rer  conftrue,  ay. 
Fie,  fie;  how  wayward  is  this  fooliih  love, 
That,  like  a  tefty  babe,  will  fcratch  the  nurfe, 
And  prefently,  all  humbled,  kifs  the  rod  ? 
How  churlifhly  I  chid  Lucetta  hence, 
When  willingly  I  would  have  had  her  here!     » 
How  angerly  I  taught  my  brow  to  frown, 
When  inward  joy  enfore'd  my  heart  to  finile  J 

My 


1 6  o    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

My  penance  is  to  call  Lucetta  back, 
And  ask  remiilion  for  my  folly  paft. 
\Yhat  ho  !   L;*:c::a  ! 

Re-enter  Lucetta. 

Imc*  What  would  your  ladyfhip? 

Jul.  Is't  near  dinner-time? 

Luc.  I  would  it  were ; 
That  you  might  kill  your  ftomack  on  your  meat, 
And  not  upon  your  maid. 

Jul.  Wha:  is*;  that  you 
Took  up  fo  gingerly  ; 

Luc.  Nothing. 

Jul.  Why  didft  thou  ftocp  then? 

L'j:.  To  take  a  paper  up,  :hat  I  let  fall. 

Jul.  And  is  that  paper  nothing  I 

Luc.  Nothing  concerning  me. 

J:-. J.  Then  let  it  lye  for  thofe  that  it  concerns. 

Luc.  Madam,  it  will  not  lye,  where  it  concerns M 
Unlefs  it  have  a  falfe  interpreter. 

?...  Some  love  of  yours  hath  writ  to  you  in  rhimd 

Luc.  That  I  might  fing  it,  madam,  to  a  tune  j 
Give  me  a  note  j  your  ladyfhip  can  let. 

Jul.  As  little  by  fuch  toys  as  may  be  poffible, 
Beft  fing  it  to  the  tune  of  Light  0'  love. 

Luc.  It  is  too  heavy  for  fo  light  a  tune. 

Jul.  Heavy  ?  belike,  it  hath  iome  burthen  then. 

Luc.  Ay  ;  and  melodious  were  it,  would  you  finJ 

Jul.  And  why  not  you  ? 

Luc.  I  cannot  reach  fo  high. 

Jul.  Let's  fee  your  long  : 
How  now,  minion  : 

Lu:.  Keen-  :;:ne  [here  :;■'.'.   io  you  will  Gng  it  cut: 
And  yet,  mcthjnks,  I  do  no;  like  this  tune. 
/.  You  do  not? 

Luc.  No,  madam,  'tis  too  lharp. 

Jul.  You,  minion,  are  too  fawcy. 

Luc.  Nay,  now  you  are  too  flat  > 
And  mar  the  concor  hariTi  adefcant; 

There  waotetb  but  a  mean,  to  fail  )our  long. 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.     1C1 

Jul.  The  mean  is  drown'd  with  your  unruly  bafe. 

Luc.  Indeed,  I  bid  the  bafe  for  Protheus.  (f ) 

Jul  This  babble  mall  not  henceforth  trouble  me. 
Here  is  a  coil  with  proteftation !  {Tears  it. 

Go,  get  you  gone  5  and  lee  the  papers  lye : 
You  would  be  fingering  them,  to  anger  me. 

Luc.  She  makes  it  flrange,  but  the  would  be  beft 
pleas'd 
To  be  fo  anger'd  with  another  letter.  {Exit. 

Jul.  Nay,  would  I  were  fo  anger'd  with  the  fame ! 
Oh  hateful  hands,  to  tear  fuch  loving  words  5 
Injurious  wafps,  to  feed  on  fuch  fweet  honey, 
And  kill  the  bees,  that  yield  it,  with  your  flings! 
I'll  kifs  each  feveral  paper  for  amends  : 
Look,  here  is  writ  kind  Julia.  -y  Unkind  Julia! 
As  in  revenge  of  thy  ingratitude, 
I  throw  thy  name  againft  the  bruifing  (tones  $ 
Trampling  contemptuoufly  on  thy  dildain. 
Look,  here  is  writ.  Love-wounded  Protheus. 
Poor  wounded  name !  my  bofom,  as  a  bed, 
Shall  lodge  thee,  'till  thy  wound  be  throughly  heal'd  5 
And  thus  I  fearch  it  with  a  fov'raign  kifs. 
Buc  twice,  or  thrice,  was  Protheus  written  down : 
Be  calm,  good  wind,  blow  not  a  word  away, 
'Till  I  have  found  each  letter  in  the  letter, 
Except  mine  own  name :  That  fome  whirl-wind  bear 
Unto  a  ragged,  fearful,  hanging  rock, 
And  throw  it  thence  into  the  raging  fea ! 
Lo,  here  in  one  line  is  his  name  twice  writ: 
Poor  forlorn  Protheus,  paffionate  Protheus, 
To  the  fweet  Julia :  that  I'll  tear  away  5 
And  yet  I  will  not,  5th  fo  prettily 
He  couples  it  to  his  complaining  names  : 
Thus  will  I  fold  them  one  upon  another  3 
Now  kifs,  embrace,  contend,  do  what  you  will. 

(5)  /bid  the  Ba.Ce  for  Protheus]  Lucetta  here  alters  the  Allegory  from 
the  Bafe  in  Muftck  to  a  Country  Exercife,  call'd  in  the  North,  Bid-tbe- 
Bafe ;  in  which  Some  purfue,  to  take  the  Others  Prifoners.  So  that 
Lucetta  would  intend  to  fay,  "  Indeed,  I  take  Pains  to  make  you  a 
"  Captive  for  Proteus.  Mr.  Warburton. 

Vol  L  M  Enter 


i  £  z    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Enter  Lucetta. 

Luc.  Madam,  dinner  is  ready,  and  your  father  flays, 

Jul.  Well,  let  us  go. 

Luc.  What,  ihallthefe  papers  lye  like  tell-tales  here? 

Jul.  If  thou  refpecl:  them,  bed  to  take  them  up. 

Luc.  Nay,  I  was  taken  up  for  laying  them  down : 
Yet  here  they  fhall  not  lye,  for  catching  cold. 

Jul.  I  fee,  you  have  a  month's  mind  to  them. 

Luc.  Ay,  madam,  you  may  fay  what  fights  you  fee; 
I  fee  things  too,  although  you  judge  I  wink. 

Jul.  Come,  come,  will'c  pleafe  you  go?  [Exeunt. 

SCENE,    AnthonioV  Houfe. 

Enter  Anthonio  and  Panthion. 

Ant.  npELL  me,  Panthion^  what  fad  talk  was  that, 
X     Wherewith   my  brother   held    you    in   the 
cloifter  ? 

Pant.  'Twas  of  his  nephew  Protheus^  your  fon. 

Ant.  Why,  what  of  him  ? 

Pant.  He  wonder'd  that  your  lordfhip 
Would  fuffer  him  to  fpend  his  youth  at  home, 
While  other  men  of  (lender  reputation 
Put  forth  their  fons  to  feek  preferment  out :    (<5) 
Some  to  the  wars,  to  try  their  fortune  there* 
Some,  to  difcover  Iflands  far  away  j 
Some,  to  the  ftudious  universities. 
For  any,  or  for  all  thefe  exercifes, 
He  faid,  that  Protheus  your  fon  was  meet : 
And  did  requeft  me  to  importune  you, 
To  let  him  fpend  his  time  no  more  at  home  > 
Which  would  be  great  impeachment  to  his  age, 

(6)  Put  forth  their  fins.']  In  S hake/pear e's  Time,  Voyages  for  the 
D  covery  of  the  Weft- Indies  were  all  in  Vogue.  And  we  nnd,  in  the 
jo  rniis  of  Travellers  of  that  Time,  that  the  Sons  of  Noblemen,  and 
of  onie  s  of  the  bell  Quality  in  England,  went  commonly  on  thole  Ad- 
.  mures.  To  which  prevailing  Fainion,  'tis  evident,  the  Poet  frequently 
aliuucs  in  this  Play ,  not  without  high  Commendations  of  it. 

,  Mr.  Wurhurton, 

la 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.     1*5 

In  having  known  no  travel  in  his  youth. 

Ant.  Nor  need'ft  thou  much  importune  me  to  that, 
Whereon  this  month  I  have  been  hammering, 
I  have  confider'd  well  his  lofs  of  time  j 
And  how  he  cannot  be  a  perfect  man, 
Not  being  try'd,  and  tutor'd  in  the  world : 
Experience  is  by  induftry  atchiev'd, 
And  perfected  by  the  fwift  courfe  of  time  : 
Then  tell  me,  whither  were  I  beft  to  fend  him? 

Pant.  I  think,  your  lordmip  is  not  ignorant, 
How  his  companion,  youthful  Valentine^ 
Attends  the  Emperor  in  his  royal  court.  (7) 

Ant.  I  know  it  well. 

Pant.  'Twere  good,  I  think,  your  lordihip  fent  him 
thither* 
There  fhall  he  praftife  tilts  and  tournaments, 
Hear  fweet  difcourfe,  converfe  with  noblemen  5 
And  be  in  eye  of  every  exercife, 
Worthy  his  youth  and  noblenefs  of  birth. 

Ant.  I  like  thy  counfelj  well  haft  thou  advis'd  : 
And  that  thou  may'ft  perceive  how  well  I  like  it, 
The  execution  of  it  fhall  make  known  5 
Ev'n  with  the  fpeedieft  expedition 
I  will  difpatch  him  to  the  Emperor's  court. 

Pant.  To  morrow,  may  it  pleafe  you,  Don  Alphonfoy 
With  other  gentlemen  of  good  efteem, 
Are  journeying  to  falute  the  Emperor  > 
And  to  commend  their  fervice  to  his  will. 

Ant.  Good  company :  with  them  fhall  Protheus  go. 
And,  in  good  time,  now  will  we  break  with  him. 

(7)  Attends  the  Emperor  in  his  royal  Court."]  The  Emperor's 
Royal  Court  is  properly  at  Vienna,  but  Valentine,  'tis  plain,  is  at  Milan  ; 
where,  in  moll  other  PaiTages,  'tis  faid  he  is  attending  the  Duke,  who 
makes  one  of  the  Characters  in  the  Drama.  This  Teems  to  convict 
the  Author  of  a  Forgetfulnefs  and  Contradiction ;  but,  perhaps,  it  may 
be  folv'd  thus,  and  Milan  be  call'd  the  Emperor's  Court,  as,  fince  the 
Reign  of  Charlemaigne,  this  Dukedom  and  its  Territories  have  belong'd 
to  the  Emperors.  I  wilh,  I  could  as  eafily  folve  another  Abfurdity, 
which  encounters  us  ;  of  Valentine\  going  from  Verona  to  Milan,  both: 
Inland  places,  by  Sea* 

M  z  Enter 


i<?4    The  Two  Gentlemen  0/ Verona, 

Enter  Protheus. 

Pro.  Sweet  love,  fweet  lines,  fweet  life ! 
Here  is  her  hand,  the  agent  of  her  heart  j 
Here  is  her  oath  for  love,  her  honour's  pawn. 

0  that  our  fathers  would  applaud  our  loves, 
To  feal  our  happinefs  with  their  confents. 
Oh  heav'nly  Julia! 

Ant.  How  now  ?  what  letter  are  you  reading  there  ? 

Pro.  May't  pleafeyour  lordfhip,  'tis  a  word  or  two 
Of  commendation  fent  from  Valentine  -, 
Deliver'd  by  a  friend  that  came  from  him. 

Ant,  Lend  me  the  letter  3  let  me  fee  what  news. 

Pro.  There  is  no  news,  my  lord,  but  that  he  writes' 
How  happily  he  lives,  how  well  belov'd, 
And  daily  graced  by  the  Emperor  5 
Wifhing  me  with  him,  partner  of  his  fortune. 

Ant.  And  how  ftand  you  affected  to  his  wifh  ? 

Pro.  As  one  relying  on  your  lordfhip's  will, 
And  not  depending  on  his  friendly  wifh. 

Ant.  My  will  is  fomething  forted  with  his  wifh  : 
Mufe  not,  that  I  thus  fuddenly  proceed  •, 
For  what  I  will,  I  will  \  and  there's  an  end. 

1  am  refolv'd,  that  thou  fhalt  fpend  fome  time 
With  Valentino  in  the  Emp'ror's  court  : 
What  maintenance  he  from  his  friends  receives, 
Like  exhibition  thou  fhalt  have  from  me: 

To  morrow  be  in  readinefs  to  go. 
Excufe  it  not,  for  I  am  peremptory. 

Pro.  My  lord,  I  cannot  be  fo  foon  provided  \ 
Pleafe  to  deliberate  a  day  or  two. 

Ant.  Look,  what  thou  want'ft,fhallbe  fent  after  thee : 
No  more  of  ftay  $  to  morrow  thou  muft  go. 
Come  on,  Panthion  ;  you  fhall  be  imploy'd 
To  haften  on  his  expedition.  [_Exe.  Ant.  and  Pant. 

Pro.  Thus  have  I  fhun'd  the  fire,  for  fear  of  burning  % 
And  drench'd  me  in  the  fea,  where  I  am  drown'd  : 
I  fear'd  to  fhew  my  father  Julia's  letter, 
Left  he  fhould  take  exceptions  to  my  love; 
And  with  the  vantage  of  mine  own  excufe, 

Hath 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.    1 6  $ 

Hath  he  excepted  moft  againft  my  love. 
Oh,  how  this  fpring  of  love  refembleth  (8) 

TV  uncertain  glory  of  an  April  day* 
Which  now  ihews  all  the  beauty  of  the  fun, 

And,  by  and  by,  a  cloud  takes  all  away  ! 

Enter  Panthion. 

Pant,  Sir  Protheus^  your  father  calls  for  you  $ 
He  is  in  hafte,  therefore,  I  pray  you,  go. 

Pro.  Why,  this  it  is !  my  heart  accords  thereto; 
And  yet  a  thoufand  times  it  anfwers,  no.  [Exeunt. 


ACT   II. 

SCENE    changes    to   Milan/ 

An  Apartment  in  the  DukeV  Talace. 

Enter  Valentine  and  Speed. 

Speed. 

SIR,  your  glove  — ». 
Val.  Not  mine  j  my  gloves  are  on. 
Speed.  Why  then  this  may  be  yours,  for  this  is 
but  one. 
Vol.  Ha !  let  me  fee :  ay,  give  it  me,  it's  mine : 
Sweet  ornament,  that  decks  a  thing  divine  ! 
Ah  Silvia!  Silvia  ! 
Speed.  Madam  Silvia!  Madam  Silvia! 
Val.  How  now,  Sirrah  ? 

(8)  Oh,  how  this  Spring  of  Love  refembleth  well]  This  Monofyl- 
lable  was  foifted  in  by  Mr.  Tope,  to  fupport,  as  he  thought,  the  Verfi- 
fication  in  the  Clofe.  But  it  was  done  for  Want  of  obferving  Shake- 
fpeare\  Licences  in  his  Mea/ures  ■  which  'tis  proper,  once  for  all,  to 
take  notice  of.  Refembleth,  he  defign'd  here  fhould  in  pronunciation 
inake  four  Syllables;  as  nvitnejfe,  afterwards  in  this  Play,  and  as  Tidier,  (in 
the  Taming  a  Shrew)  and  angry  (twice  in  Timon  of  Athens)  are  made 
Trifllables ;  and  as  fire  and  hour  are  almoft  for  ever  protracted  by  him 
to  two  Syllables. 


1 66    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.  ] 

v.:.  She  is  not   within  hearing,  Sir. 
V&L  Why|  Sir,  who  bad   you  call  her? 
$-:c-:.:..   Vour  worihip,    Sir,  or  cite  1  mitlook. 
Vol.  Well,  you'll  ilill  o  forward, 

o'  VnJ  yet  1  was  tail  chidden  for  being  too  flow. 

-.'.  Go  to,  Sir  j  tell  me,  Jo  you  know  Madam  ,V 
::A.   She,  that  vour  worihip  loves? 
Vol.  Why,  how  know  vou  that  I  am  in  love? 
Speed.    Marry,   by    thefe  PpeciaJ    marks j   firft,  you 
have  learn'd,  like  Sir  ProtbeBS*  to  wreath  your  arms 
like  a  male-content  j  to  rclilha  love-iong  like  a 

.:.'*,  to  walk  alone,  like  one  that  had  the  pefti- 
lence  j  to  tigh,  like  a  fchool-bov  that  h^\  loft  his  A.  R.  C  -9 
to  weep,  like  a  young  wench  that  had  buried  her  gran- 
13  to  tail,  like  one  that  takes  diet-,  to  watch,  like 
one  that  tears  robbing  -y  to  ipeak  puling,  like  a  beggar 
at  I  .mafs.  Vou  were  wont,  when  vou  laugh'dj 
to  crow  like  a  cock}  when  you  walk'd,  to  walk  like 
of  the  lions )  when  vou  tailed,  it  was  preicmlv  alter 
dinner  3  when  you  look'd  iadiv,  it  was  tor  want  of 
mony  :  and  now  you  are  metamorphos'd  with  a  mil- 
treis,  that,  when  1  look  on  you,  1  can  hardly  think  you 
my  mailer. 

Vol.  Are  all  theie  things  perceivM  in  me  ? 
Speed.  They  are  all  perccivM 

!.  Without  me?  thev  cannot. 
Speed.  Without  vou:  nay,  that's  certain  •,  tor  with- 
out you  were  fo  iimple,  none  cite  would  :  But  you 
fo  without  thele  tollies,  that  theie  tollies  are  with- 
in vou,  and  ihinc  through  you  like  the  water  in  an 
urinal  >  that  not  an  eve  that  ices  you,  but  is  a  phyilci- 
an  to  comment  on  vour  malady. 

/.  But  tell  me,  doil  thou  know  my  lady  S 
Sr::.!.  She,  that  you  gaze  on  fo  as  lhe  tits  atlupper? 
Pal.  Hail  thou  obierv'd  that?  ev'n  the  I  mean. 

W hv,  Sir,  I  know  her  not. 
P*l,  Doil  thou  know  her  by  my  gazing  on  her,  and 
[  know'il  her  not  ? 

.".   Is  lhe  not  hard-favour'd,  Sir  ? 
I'.i..  Not  io  fair,  boy,  as  well-iavour'J. 

Sp 


The  Two  Gentlemen  0/ Verona.     167 

Speed.  Sir,  I  know  that  well  enough. 

Val.  What  doff,  thou  know? 

Speed.  That  fhe  is  not  fo  fair,  as  of  you  well  faVour'd. 

Val.  I  mean,  that  her  beauty  is  exquifite, 
But  her  Favour  infinite. 

Speed.  That's  becaufe  the  one  is  painted,  and  the 
other  out  of  all  count. 

Val.  How  painted?  and  how  out  of  count? 

Speed.  Marry,  Sir,  fo  painted  to  make  her  fair,  that 
no  man  counts  of  her  beauty. 

Val.  How  efteem'fl  thou  me  ?  I  account  of  hef 
beauty. 

Speed.  You  never  faw  her  fince  me  was  dcform'd. 

Val.  How  long  hath  me  been  deform'd  ? 

Speed.  Ever  tince  you  lov'd  her. 

Val.  I  have  lov'd  her,  ever  fince  I  faw  her  5 
And  dill  I  fee  her  beautiful. 

Speed.  If  you  love  her,  you  cannot  fee  her. 

Val.  Why? 

Speed.  Becaufe  love  is  blind.  O,  that  you  had  mine 
eyes,  or  your  own  eyes  had  the  lights  they  were  wont 
to  have,  when  you  chid  at  Sir  Protbeus  for  going  un- 
garter'd  ! 

Val.  What  mould  I  fee  then? 

Speed.  Your  own  prefent  folly,  and  her  pafling  de- 
formity :  For  he,  being  in  love,  could  not  fee  to  gar- 
ter his  hofe^  and  you,  being  in  love,  cannot  fee  to  put 
on  your  hofe. 

Val.  Belike,  boy,  then  you  are  in  love:  for  lad 
morning  you  could  not  fee  to  wipe  my  fhoes. 

Speed.  True,  Sir,  I  was  in  love  with  my  bed  >  I 
thank  you,  you  fwing'd  me  for  my  love,  which  makes 
me  the  bolder  to  chide  you  for  yours. 

Val.  In  conclufion,  I  ftand  affected  to  her. 

Speed.  I  would  you  were  fet,  fo  your  affection  would 
ceafc. 

Val.  Laft  night  fhe  enjoin'd  me  to  write  fome  lines 
to  one  fhe  loves. 

Speed.  And  have  you  ? 

Val.  I  have. 

M  4  fyeid. 


\G  8    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona, 

Speed.  Are  they  not  lamely  writ  ? 
Val.  No,  boy,  but  as  well  as  I  can  do  them : 
Peace,  here  fhe  comes. 

Enter  Silvia. 

Speed.  Oh  excellent  motion !  oh  exceeding  puppet  I 
Now  will  he  interpret  to  her. 

Val.  Madam  and  miflrefs,  a  thoufand good  morrows. 

Speed.  Oh !  'give  ye  good  ev'n  j  here's  a  million  of 
manners. 

Sil.  Sir  Valentine  and  fervant,  to  you  two  thoufand. 

Speed.  He  ihould  give  her  intereft  5  and  fhe  gives  it 
him. 

Val.  As  you  injoin'd  me,  I  have  writ  your  letter, 
Unto  the  fecret,  nameleis,  friend  of  yours; 
"Which  I  was  much  unwilling  to  proceed  in, 
But  for  my  duty  to  your  ladyfhip. 

Sil.  I  thank  you,  gentle  fervant*   'tis  very  clerkly 
done. 

Val.  Now  truft  me,  madam,  it  came  hardly  off: 
For  being  ignorant  to  whom  it  goes, 
I  writ  at  random,  very  doubtfully. 

Sil.  Perchance,  you  think  too  much  of  fo  much  pains  ? 

Val.  No,  Madam,  fo  it  fteed  you,  I  will  write, 
Pleafe  you  command,  a  thoufand  times  as  much. 
And  yet ■ 

Sil.  A  pretty  period ;  well,  I  guefs  the  fequel  * 
And  yet  I  will  not  name  it,  and  yet  I  care  not  j 
And  yet  take  this  again,  and  yet  I  thank  you  j 
Meaning  henceforth  to  trouble  you  no  more. 

Speed.  And  yet  you  will ;  and  yet,  another  yet.    [Afide. 

Val.  What  means  your  ladyfhip?  do  you  not  like  it? 

Sil.  Yes,  yes,  the  lines  are  very  quaintly  writ  5 
But  fince  unwillingly,  take  them  again  j 
Nay,  take  them. 

Val.  Madam,  they  are  for  you. 

Sil.  Ay,  ay  j  you  writ  them,  Sir,  at  my  requeft; 
Put  I  will  none  of  them  ;  they  are  for  you: 
1  would  have  had  them  writ  more  movingly. 

Val.  Pleafe  you,  I'll  write  your  ladyfhip  another. 

Sil. 


The  Two  Gentlemen  0/ Verona.     1 69 

Sil.  And  when  it's  writ,  for  my  fake  read  it  over  $ 
And  if  it  pleafc  you,  fo ;  if  not,  why  fo. 

Val.  If  it  pleafe  me,  Madam,  what  then  ? 

Sil.  Why  if  it  pleafe  you,  take  it  for  your  labour  $ 
And  fo  good  morrow,  fervant.  \Exit9 

Speed.  O  jeft  unfeen,  infcrutable,  invif-ible, 
As  a  nofe  on  a  man's  face,   or  a  weathercock  on  a 

fteeple ! 
My  mafter  fues  to  her,  and  me  hath  taught  her  fuitor, 
He  being  her  pupil,  to  become  her  tutor  : 
O  excellent  device !  was  there  ever  heard  a  better  ? 
That  my  mafter,  being  the  fcribe,  to  himfelf  mould  write 
the  letter  ? 

Val.  How  now,  Sir  ?  what  are  you  reafoning  with 
your  felf  ? 

Speed.  Nay,  I  was  rhiming$  'tis  you  that  have  the 
reafon. 

Val.  To  do  what  ? 

Speed.  To  be  a  fpokes-man  from  Madam  Silvia. 

Val.  To  whom  ? 

Speed.  To  your  felf  $  why,  me  wooes  you  by  a  figure. 

Val.  What^  figure? 

Speed.  By  a  letter,  I  mould  fay. 

Val.  Why,  fhe  hath  not  writ  to  me? 

Speed.  What  need  fhe, 
When  lhe  hath  made  you  write  to  your  felf? 
Why,  do  you  not  perceive  the  jeft  ? 

Val.  No,  believe  me. 

Speed.  No  believing  you,  indeed,  Sir :   but  did  you 
perceive  her  earneft  ? 

Val.  She  gave  mc  none,  except  an  angry  word. 

Speed.  Why,  me  hath  given  you  a  letter. 

Val.  That's  the  letter  I  writ  to  her  friend. 

Speed.  And  that  letter  hath  {he  deliver'd,  and  there's 
an  end. 

Val.  I  would  it  were  no  worfe. 

Speed.  I'll  warrant  you,  'tis  as  well : 
"  For  often  have  you  writ  to  her,  and  me  in  modefty, 
•'  Or  elfe  for  want  of  idle  time,  could  not  again  reply  > 

"  Ox 


170     The  Two  Gentlemen  0/ Verona. 

«  Or  fearing  elfe  fome  meflenger,  that  might  her  mind 

u  difcover, 
«  Her  felf  hath  taught  her  love  himfelf  to  write  unto 
•€  her  lover. 

All  this  I  fpeak  in  print  y  for  in  print  I  found  it. . 

Why  mufe  you,  Sir  ?  'tis  dinner  time. 

Val.  I  have  din'd. 

Speed.  Ay,  but  hearken,  Sir  5  tho'  the  Cameleon  love 
can  feed  on  the  air,  I  am  one  that  am  nourinYd  by  my 
victuals  5  and  would  fain  have  meat :  oh,  be  not  like 
your  miftrefs  *  be  moved,  t>e  moved,  {Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  Julia  V  houfe  at  Verona, 

Enter  Protheus  and  Julia. 

Pf0-  TT  AVE  patience,  gentle  Julia. 

£~1     JmI.  I  muft,  where  is  no  remedy. 

Pro.  When  poflibly  I  can,  I  will  return. 

Jul.  If  you  turn  not,  you  will  return  the  fooner  : 
Keep  this  remembrance  for  thy  Julia's  fake. 

{Giving  a  ring. 

Pro.  Why  then  we'll  make  exchange  >  here,  take 
you  this. 

Jul.  And  feal  the  bargain  with  a  holy  kifs. 

Pro.  Here  is  my  hand  for  my  true  conflancy  j 
And  when  that  hour  o'erflips  me  in  the  day, 
Wherein  I  figh  not,  Julia9  for  thy  fake  y 
The  next  enfuing  hour  fome  foul  mifchance 
Torment  me,  for  my  love's  forgetfulnefs ! 
My  father  flays  my  coming  5  anfwer  not ; 
The  tide  is  now  5  nay,  not  thy  tide  of  tears ; 
That  tide  will  flay  me  longer,  than  I  (hould  :  [Exit  Julia. 
Julia,  fare w el.  —  What !  gone  without  a  word  ? 
Ay,fo  true  love  fhould  do  5  it  cannot  fpeak  5 
itfodL*$ox  truth  hath  better  deeds,  than  words,  to  grace  1%. 

Enter  Panthion. 

Pan.  Sir  Protheus^  you  are  ftaid  for, 
Pro.  Go  5  I  come. 
Alas  !  this  parting  flrikcs  poor  lovers  dumb.     [Exeunt. 

SCENE 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.     1 7 1 

SCENE  changes  to  a  Street. 

Enter  Launce,  with  his  dog  Crab. 

Ldun.  "XT  A  Y,  'twill  be  this  hour  ere  I  have  done 
JlN  weeping  ;  all  the  kind  of  the  Launce s  have 
this  very  fault :  I  have  receiv'd  my  proportion,  like 
the  prodigious  fon,  and  am  going  with  Sir  Protheus  to 
the  Imperial's  court.  I  think,  Crab  my  dog  be  the 
fowreft-natur'd  dog  that  lives :  my  mother  weeping, 
my  father  wailing,  my  fifter  crying,  our  maid  howl' 
ling,  our  cat  wringing  her  hands,  and  all  our  houfe  in 
a  great  perplexity  y  yet  did  not  this  cruel- hearted  cur 
fhed  one  tear!  he  is  a  fione,  a  very  pebble- (tone,  and 
has  no  more  pity  in  him  than  a  dog :  a  Jew  would 
have  wept,  to  have  feen  our  parting  ;  why,  my  gran- 
dam  having  no  eyes,  look  you,  wept  herfelf  blind  at 
my  parting.  Nay,  I'll  fhow  you  the  manner  of  it: 
this  fhoe  is  my  father  ;  no,  this  left  fhoe  is  my  father  ; 
no,  no,  this  left  fhoe  is  my  mother  ;  nay,  that  can- 
not be  fo  neither  ;  yes,  it  is  fo,  it  is  fo  ;  it  hath  the 
worfer  fole  ;  this  fhoe,  with  the  hole  in  it,  is  my  mo- 
ther, and  this  my  father ;  a  vengeance  on't,  there  'tis: 
now,  Sir,  this  flaff  is  my  lifter  ♦,  for,  look  you,  fhe  is 
as  white  as  a  lilly,  and  as  fmall  as  a  wand ;  this  hat 
is  Nany  our  maid ;  I  am  the  dog;  no,  the  dog  is 
himfelf,  and  I  am  the  dog :  oh,  the  dog  is  me,  and  I 
am  my  fclf;  ay,  fo,  foj  now  come  I  to  my  father  j 
father,  your  bleffing  ;  now  fhould  not  the  fnoe  fpeak 
a  word  for  weeping  j  now  fhould  I  kits  my  father  ; 
well,  he  weeps  on;  now  come  I  to  my  mother;  oh 
that  fhe  could  fpeak  now  (p)  like  a  wood  woman !  well, 

I 

(9)  Like  an  ould  Woman  !  ]  Thefe  mere  poetical  Editors  can  do  No- 
thing towards  an  Emendation,  even  when  'tis  chalk'd  out  to  their  hands. 
The  firffc  Folio  s  agree  in  would-woman  ;  for  which,  becaufe  it  was  a 
Myftery  to  Mr.  Pope,  he  has  unmeaningly  fubftituted  ould  Woman. 
But  it  muft  be  writ,  or  at  lead  underftood,  wood  Woman,  i.  e.  crazy, 
frantick  with  Grief;  or,  diftra&ed,  from  any  other  Caufe.  The  Word 
is  very  frequently  ufed  in  Chaucer,  arid  fometim:s  writ,  wood;  fome- 
'times,  nvode. 

What 


171     The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

I  kifs  her  5  why,  there  'tis  ?  here's  my  mother's  breath 
up  and  down:  now  come  I  to  my  filler  *  mark  the 
moan  Ihe  makes :  now  the  dog  all  this  while  fheds  not 
a  tear,  nor  fpeaks  a  word  3  but  fee,  how  I  lay  the  duft 
with  my  tears. 

Enter  Panthion. 

Pant.  Launce,  away,  away,  aboard  5  thy  matter  is 
fhipp'd,  and  thou  art  to  poft  after  with  oars :  what's  the 
matter  ?  why  weep'ft  thou,  man  ?  away,  afs,  you  will 
lofe  the  tide  if  you  tarry  any  longer. 

Laun.  It  is  no  matter  if  the  ty'd  were  loft,  for  it  is 
the  unkindeft  ty'd  that  ever  any  man  ty'd. 

Pant.  What's  the  unkindeft  tide  ? 

Laun.  Why,  he  that's  ty'd  here  5  Crab,  my  dog. 

Pant.  Tut,  man,  I  mean  thou'lt  lofe  the  flood  5  and 
in  lofing  the  flood,  lofe  thy  voyage ;  and  in  lofing  thy 
voyage,  lofe  thy  mafter  $  and  in  lofing  thy  mafter,  lofe 

thy  fervice  5  and  in  lofing  thy  fervice, why  doft 

thou  flop  my  mouth  ? 

Laun.  For  fear  thou  fhould'ft  lofe  thy  tongue. 

Pant.  Where  fhould  I  lofe  my  tongue  ? 

Laun.  In  thy  tale. 

Pant.  In  thy  tail  ?  — 

Laun.  Lofe  the  flood,    and    the   voyage,   and  the 

What  Jbould  he  ftudy,  or  make  himfelf  wood  ? 
In  his  Character  of  the  Monk, 

'They  told  enfry  Man  that  he  was  wode, 
He  was  aghajie  Jo  of  Noe's  fiode. 
In  his  Millers  Tale.  And  he  likewife  ufes  Wodenefs,  for  Madnefs.  Fid. 
SpelmanV  Saxon  Glojfaty  in  the  Word  Wod.  As  to  the  Reading  in  the 
old  Editions,  Would  woman,  perhaps,  this  may  be  a  defign'd  Corruption, 
to  make  Launce  purpofely  blunder  in  the  Word ;  as  he  a  little  before 
very  humouroufly  calls  the  Prodigal  Son,  the  Prodigious  Son.  ■ —  I 

ought  to  take  notice,  that  my  ingenious  Friend  Mr.  Warhurton  fent 
me  up  this  fame  Emendation,  unknowing  that  I  had  already  corrected  the 
Place. 

1  had  like  to  have  forgot,  that  Wood  is  a  Term  likewife  ufed  by  our 
own  Poet.     Mi  d/ummer- Night's  Dream,   Aft  2. 

And  here  am  I,  and  wood  within  this  Wood. 
Which  Mr.  Pope  has  there  rightly  expounded,  by  mad,  wild,  raving. 
And,  again,  Shakefpeare,  in  one  of  his  Poems,  has  this  Line: 
^hen  to  the  Woods  Jl  ark  wood  in  Rage  Jhe  hyes  her. 

mafter, 


The  T&6  Gentlemen  0/ Veroaa.     175 

mafter,  and  the  fervice,  and  the  tide  ?  why,  man,  if 
the  river  were  dry,  I  am  able  to  fill  it  with  my  tears  5 
if  the  wind  were  down,  I  could  drive  the  boat  with 
my  fighs. 

Pant,  Come,  come  away,  man ;  I  was  fent  to  call  thee. 

Laun.  Sir,  call  me  what  thou  dar'ft. 

Pant.  Wilt  thou  go? 

Laun.  Well,  I  will  go.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE    changes  to  Milan, 

An  Apartment  in  the  Duke'j  Palace. 

"Enter  Valentine,  Silvia,  Thurio,  and  Speed. 

Sil.  QErvant, » 

O     Vol.  Miftrefs? 

Speed,  Mafter,  Sir  Thurio  frowns  on  you. 

Vol.  Ay,  boy,  it's  for  love. 

Speed.  Not  of  you. 

Vol.  Of  my  miftrefs  then. 

Speed.  'Twere  good,  you  knockt  him. 

Sil.  Servant,  you  are  fad. 

Vol.  Indeed,  madam,  I  feem  fo. 

Thu.  Seem  you  that  you  are  not? 

Vol.  Haply,  I  do. 

Thu.   So  do  counterfeits. 

Vol.  So  do  you. 

Thu.  What  feem  I,  that  I  am  not  ? 

Val.  Wife. 

Thu.  What  inftance  of  the  contrary  ? 

Val.  Your  folly. 

Thu.  And  how  quote  you  my  folly  ? 

Val.  I  quote  it  in  your  jerkin. 

Thu.  My  jerkin  is  a  doublet. 

Val.  Well  then,  I'll  double  your  folly. 

Thu.  How? 

Sil.  What  angry,  Sir  Thurio  ?  do  you  change  colour  ? 

Val.  Give  him  leave,  madam  5  he  is  a  kind  of  Ca- 
fneleon. 

tbu. 


174    The  Two  Gentlemen  0/"  Verona. 

fthu.  That  hath  more  mind  to  feed  on  your  blood, 
than  live  in  your  air. 

Vah  You  have  faid,  Sir. 

fthu.  Ay,  Sir,  and  done  too,  for  this  time. 

Vah  I  know  it  well,  Sir  3  you  always  end,  ere  you 
begin. 

Sil.  A  fine  volly  of  words,  gentlemen,  and  quickly 
fhot  off. 

Vah  'Tis,  indeed,  madam  ;  we  thank  the  giver. 

Sil.  Who  is  that,  fervant? 

Vah  Your  felf,  fweet  lady,  for  you  gave  the  fire: 

Sir  Tlourio  borrows  his  wit  from  your  ladyfhip's  looks, 

and  fpends,  what  he  borrows,  kindly  in  your  company* 

"  tbu\  Sir,  if  you  fpend  word  for  word  with  me,  I 

fhall  make  your  wit  bankrupt. 

Vah  I  know  it  well,  Sir ;  you  have  an  exchequer  of 
words,  and,  I  think,  no  other  treafure  to  give  your  fol- 
lowers :  for  it  appears,  by  their  bare  liveries,  that  they 
live  by  your  bare  words. 

Sil.  No  more,  gentlemen,  no  more :  Here  comes 
my  father. 

Enter  the  Duke. 

Duke.  Now,  daughter  Silvia,  you  are  hard  befet. 
Sir  Valentine,  your  father's  in  good  health  : 
What  fay  you  to  a  letter  from  your  friends 
Of  much  good  news? 

Vah  My  lord,  I  will  be  thankful 
To  any  happy  mefTenger  from  thence. 

Duke.  Know  you  Don  Anthonio,  your  countryman? 

Vol.  Ay,  my  good  lord,  I  know  the  gentleman 
To  be  of  worth  and  worthy  eftimation  -, 
And,  not  without  defert,   fo  well  reputed. 

Duke.  Hath  he  not  a  fon  ? 

Vah  Ay,  my  good  lord,  a  fon  that  well  deferves 
The  honour  and  regard  of  fuch  a  father. 

Duke.  You  know  him  well  ? 

Vah  I  knew  him,  as'my  felf  -y  for  from  our  infancy 
We  have  converft,  and  ipent  our  hours  together: 
And  tho'  my  felf  have  been  an  idle  truant, 

Omitting 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.    175 

Omitting  the  fweet  benefit  of  time, 
To  cloathe  mine  age  with  angel-like  perfection  j 
Yet  hath  Sir  Protheus,  for  that's  his  name, 
Made  ufe  and  fair  advantage  of  his  days  5 
His  years  but  young,  but  his  experience  old  > 
His  head  unmellow'd,  but  his  judgment  ripe$ 
And,  in  a  word,  (for  far  behind  his  worth 
Come  all  the  praifes,  that  I  now  beftow$) 
He  is  compleat  in  feature  and  in  mind, 
With  all  good  grace  to  grace  a  gentleman. 

Duke.  Befhrew  me,  Sir,  but  if  he  makes  this  good, 
He  is  as  worthy  for  an  emprefs'  love, 
As  meet  to  be  an  Emperor's  counfellor: 
Well,  Sir,  this  gentleman  is  come  to  me, 
With  commendations  from  great  potentates; 
And  here  he  means  to  fpend  his  time  a  while. 
I  think,  'tis  no  unwelcome  news  to  you. 

Val.  Should  I  have  winVd  a  thing,  it  had  been  he.     , 

Duke.  Welcome  him  then  according  to  his  worth : 
Silvia,  I  fpeak  to  you  5  and  you,  Sir  ^Thurio  j 
J?or  Valentine,  I  need  not  cite  him  to  it : 
I'll  fend  him  hither  to  you  prefently.  \_Exit  Duke. 

Val.  This  is  the  gentleman,  I  told  your  ladyfhip, 
Had  come  along  with  me,  but  that  his  miftrefs 
Did  hold  his  eyes  lockt  in  her  cryftal  looks. 

Sil.  Belike,  that  now  fhe  hath  enfranchis'd  them 
Upon  fome  other  pawn  for  fealty. 

Val.  Nay,  fure,  I  think,  fhe  holds  them  pris'ners  ftill. 

Sil.  Nay,  then  he  fhould  be  blind  >  and,  being  blind, 
How  could  he  fee  his  way  to  fedc  out  you  ? 

Val.  Why,  lady,  love  hath  twenty  pair  of  eyes. 

T'hu.  They  fay,  that  love  hath  not  an  eye  at  all. 

Val.  To  fee  fuch  lovers,  Thurio,  as  your  felf  : 
Upon  a  homely  object  love  can  wink. 

Enter  Protheus. 

Sil.  Have  done,  have  done  5  here  comes  the  gentleman. 
Val.  Welcome,  dear  Protheus :  miftrefs,  I  befeech  you, 
Confirm  his  welcome  with  fome  fpecial  favour. 
Sil.  His  worth  is  warrant  for  his  welcome  hither, 

5  If 


ip '6    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

If  this  be  he,  you  oft  have  wifh'd  to  hear  from. 

Val.  Miftrefs,  it  is :  Sweet  lady,  entertain  hirri 
To  be  my  fellow-fervant  to  your  ladyfhip. 

Sil.  Too  low  a  miftrefs  for  fo  high  a  fervant. 

Pro.  Not  fo,  fweet  lady  j  but  too  mean  a  fervant, 
To  have  a  look  of  fudh  a  worthy  miftrefs. 

Val.  Leave  offdifcourfe  of  difability  : 
Sweet  lady,  entertain  him  for  your  fervant. 

pro.  My  duty  will  I  boaft  of,  nothing  elfe. 

Sil.  And  duty  never  yet  did  want  his  meed  : 
Servant,  you're  welcome  to  a  worthlefs  miftrefs. 

Pro.  I'll  die  on  him  that  fays  fo,  but  your  felf. 

Sil.  That  you  are  welcome  ? 

Pro.  That  you  are  worthlefs. 

Enter  Servant. 

Serv.  Madam,  my   lord    your  father  would  fpeak 

with  you.  (10) 
Sil.  I'll  wait  upon  his  pleafure :  [Exit  ServJ]  Come, 
Sir  Thurio, 
Go  with  me.    Once  more,  my  new  fervant,  welcome : 
I'll  leave  you  to  confer  of  home-affairs  ; 
When  you  have  done,  we  look  to  hear  from  you. 
Pro.  We'll  both  attend  upon  your  ladyfhip. 

[Ex.  Sil.  and  Thu. 
Val.  Now  tell  me,   how  do  all  from  whence  you 

came  ? 
Pro.  Your  friends  are  well,  and  have  them  much 

commended. 
Val.  And  how  do  yours? 
Pro.  I  left  them  all  in  health. 

Val.  How  does  your  lady  ?  and  how  thrives  your  love  ? 
Pro.  My  tales  of  love  were  wont  to  weary  you  3 
I  know,  you  joy  not  in  a  love-difcourfe. 

(10)  Thur.  Madam,  my  Lord  your  Father]  This  Speech  in  all  the  Edi- 
tions is  aflign'd  improperly  to  fburio ;  but  he  has  been  all  along  upon  the 
Stage,  and  could  not  know  that  the  Duke  wanted  his  Daughter.  Befides, 
the  flrft  Line  and  half  of  Silvias  Anfwer  is  evidently  addrefs'd  to  two 
Perfons.  A  Servant,  therefore,  mull  come  in  and  deliver  the  Meflage ; 
and  then  Si/via  goes  out  with  Tburis. 

Val 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.     177 

Val.  Ay,  Protheus^  but  that  life  is  alter'd  now  j 
Ihave  done  penance  for  contemning  love  j 
Whofe  high  imperious  thoughts  have  punifh'd  me 
With  bitter  fails,  with  penitential  groans  5 
With  nightly  tears,  and  daily  heart-fore  fighs. 
For,  in  revenge  of  my  contempt  of  love, 
Love  hath  chac'd  fleep  from  my  enthralled  eyes, 
And  made  them  watchers  of  mine  own  heart's  forrow.^ 
O  gentle  Protheus^  love's  a  mighty  lord* 
And  hath  fo  humbled  me,  as,  I  confefs, 
There  is  no  wo  to  his  correction  j 
Nor  to  his  fervice,  no  fuch  joy  on  earth. 
Now  no  difcourfe,  except  it  be  of  love* 
-Now  can  I  break  my  faft,  dine,  fup,  and  fleep 
Upon  the  very  naked  name  of  love. 

Pro.  Enough  :  I  read  your  fortune  in  your  eye. 
Was  this  the  idol,  that  you  worfhip  fo  ? 

Val.  Even  ihe  j  and  is  flie  not  a  heav'nly  faint  ? 

Pro.  No  5  but  flie  is  an  earthly  paragon. 

Val.  Call  her  divine.  , 

Pro.  I  will  not  flatter  her. 

Val.  O,  flatter  me  -,  for  love  delights  in  praifc. 

Pro.  When  I  was  lick,  you  gave  me  bitter  pills  j 
And  I  muft  minifter  the  like  to  you. 

Val.  Then  fpeak  the  truth  by  her  5  if  not  divine, 
Yet  let  her  be  a  principality, 
Sov'raign  to  all  the  creatures  on  the  earth. 

Pro.  Except  my  miftrefs. 

Val.  Sweet,  except  not  any; 
Except  thou  wilt  except  againft  my  love. 

Pro.  Have  I  not  reafon  to  prefer  mine  own? 

Val.  And  I  will  help  thee  to  prefer  her  too  : 
She  fhall  be  dignify'd  with  this  high  honour,. 
To  bear  my  lady's  train,  left  the  bafe  earth 
Should  from  her  vefture  chance  to  fteal  a  kifs  % 
And,  of  fo  great  a  favour  growing  proud, 
Difdain  to  root  the  fummer-fwelling  flower \ 
And  make  rough  winter  everlaftingly. 

Pro.  Why,  Valentine,  what  bragadifm  is  this? 

Val.  Pardon  me,  Protheus  j  all  I  can,  is  nothing 

Vol.  I.  N  T* 


i78    The  Two  Gentlemen  of 'Verona. 

To  her,  whofe  worth  makes  other  worthies  nothing  5 
She  is  alone-- — 

Pro.  Then  let  her  alone. 

Val  Not  for  the  world  :  why,  man,  fhe  is  mine  ownj 
And  I  as  rich  in  having  fuch  a  jewel, 
As  twenty  Teas,  if  all  their  fand  were  pearl, 
The  water  neclar,  and  the  rocks  pure  gold. 
Forgive  me,  that  I  do  not  dream  on  thee, 
Becaufe  thou  feeft  me  doat  upon  my  love. 
My  foolifh  rival,  that  her  father  likes, 
Only  for  his  pofleffions  are  fo  huge, 
Is  gone  with  her  along,  and  I  mull  after  ; 
For  love,  thou  know'ft,  is  full  of  jealoufie. 

Pro.  But  {he  loves  you? 

Val.  Ay,  and  we  are  betroth'd  5  nay  more,  our  marriage 
hour, 
With  all  the  cunning  manner  of  our  flight, 
Determined  of  \  how  I  muft  climb  her  window, 
The  ladder  made  of  cords,  and  all  the  means 
Plotted  and  'greed  on  for  my  happinefs. 
Good  ProtheuS)  go  with  me  to  my  Chamber, 
In  thefe  affairs  to  aid  me  with  thy  counfel. 

Pro.  Go  on  before  j  I  fhall  enquire  you  forth. 
I  muft  unto  the  road,  to  difembark 
Some  neceflaries  that  I  needs  muft  ufe  5 
And  then  I'll  prefently  attend  you. 

Val.  Will  you  make  hafte  ? 

Pro.  I  will.  [E#//Val 

Ev'n  as  one  heat  another  heat  expels, 
Or  as  one  nail  by  ftrength  drives  out  another  5 
So  the  remembrance  of  my  former  love 
Is  by  a  newer  object  quite  forgotten. 
Is  it  mine  Eye,  or  Valentino's  Praife,  (11) 

Her 

(it)  Is  it  mine  then,  or  Valentino^  Praife^]  This  fupplemental Word, 
th  n,  w;  s  firft  clapt  in  by  Mr.  Ronve  to  help  the  laboring  Verfe,  and 
fince  embrae'd  by  Mr.  Pope.  But  let  us  fee,  what  Senfe  refults  from  it. 
What !  is  Proteus  queftionmg  with  himfelf,  whether  it  is  his  own  Praife, 
or  Falevt  Ws,  that  makes  him  fall  in  Love  ?  But  Proteus  had  not 
prais'd  Silvia  any  farther  than  giving  his  Opinion  of  her  in  three  Words, 
wiien  his  Friend  demanded  it.     In  all  the  old  Editions,  we  find  it  thus ; 

is 


The  Two  Gentlemen  0/ Verona.     172 

Her  true  perfection,  or  my  falfe  tranfgreflion, 

That  makes  me,  reafonlefs,  to  reafon  thus  ? 

She's  fair  -,  and  fo  is  Julia9  that  I  love  s 

That  I  did  love,  for  now  my  love  is  thaw'd  % 

Which,  like  a  waxen  image  'gainft  a  fire, 

Bears  no  impreffion  of  the  thing  it  was. 

Methinks,  my  zeal  to  Valentine  is  cold  5 

And  that  I  love  him  not,  as  I  was  wont. 

O  !  but  I  love  his  hdy  too,  too,  much  ; 

And  that's  the  reafon,  I  love  him  fo  little. 

How  ihall  I  doat  on  her  with  more  advice, 

That  thus  without  advice  begin  to  love  her  ? 

'Tis  but  her  pifture  I  have  yet  beheld, 

And  that  hath  dazled  fo  my  reafon's  light : 

But  when  I  look  on  her  perfections, 

There  is  no  reafon,  but  I  mall  be  blind. 

If  I  can  check  my  erring  love,  I  will  5 

If  not,  to  compafs  her  I'll  ufe  my  skill.  tSxU. 

SCENE  changes  to  a  Street. 

Enter  Speed  and  Launce. 

Speed.  T  A  U  N  C  E,  by  mine  honefty,  welcome  to 
L  -f  Milan. 
Laun.  Forfwear  not  thy  felf,  fweet  youth  5  for  I 
am  not  welcome:  I  reckon  this  always,  that  a  man  is 
never  undone,  'till  he  be  hang'd  >  nor  never  welcome 
to  a  place,  till  fome  certain  fhot  be  paid,  and  the 
hoftefs  fay,  welcome. 

Is  it  mine,  or  Valentino's  Praife. 
The  Verfe  halts  fo,  that  fome  one  Syllable  muft  be  wanting ;  and  that 
Mr.  Warburton  has  very  ingenioufly,  and,  as  I  think,  wkn  Certainty 
fupply'd,  as  I  have  reftor'd  in  the  Text.  Proteus  had  juft  feen  Valen- 
tine's Miftrefs ;  Valentine  had  prais'd  her  fo  lavifhly,  that  the  iDefcrip- 
tion  heighten' d  Proteus 's  Sentiments  of  her  from  the  Interview ;  fo  that  it 
was  the  ieis  Wonder  that  he  fhould  not  know  certainly,  at  firft,  which 
made  the  ftrongeit  Impreffion,  Valentine's  Praifes,  or  his  own  View  of  the 
Original. 

It  is  Padua  in  the  former  editions.     See  the  note  on  Jfl  3 . 

Mr.  Pope. 

N  l  Speed. 


1 8  o    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Speed,  Come  on,  you  mad-cap  *  I'll  to  the  ale-houfc 
with  you  prefently,  where,  for  one  fhot  of  five-pnce, 
thou  fhalt  have  five  thoufand  welcomes.  But,  sirrah, 
how  did  thy  mafter  part  with  madam  Julia  ? 

Latin.  Marry,  after  they  clos'd  in  earned,  they  part- 
ed very  fairly  in  jeft. 

Speed.  But  (hall  fhe  marry  him  ? 

Latin.  No. 

Speed.  How  then?  fhall  he  marry  her? 

Laun.  No,  neither. 

Speed.  What,  are  they  broken  ? 

Laun.  No,  they  are  both  as  whole  as  a  fifh; 

Speed.  Why  then  how  (lands  the  matter  with  them? 

Laun.  Marry,  thus :  when  it  ftands  well  with  him, 
it  ftands  well  with  her. 

Speed.  What  an  afs  art  thou  ?  I  underftand  thee  not. 

Laun.  What  a  block  art  thou,  that  thou  canft  not? 
My  ftaff  underftands  me. 

Speed.  What  thou  fay'ft? 

Laun.  Ay,  and  what  I  do  too?  look  thee,  I'll  but 
lean,  and  my  ftaff  underftands  me. 

Speed.  It  ftands  under  thee  indeed. 

Laun.  Why,  ftand-under,  and  underftand,  is  all  one. 

Speed,  But  tell  me  true,  will't  be  a  match? 

Laun.  Ask  my  dog :  if  he  fay,  ay,  it  will  j  if  he  fay, 
no,  it  willi  if  he  fhake  his  tail,  and  fay  nothing,  it 
will. 

Speed.  The  conclufion  is  then,  that  it  will. 

Laun.  Thou  ftialt  never  get  fuch  a  fecret  from  mc, 
but  by  a  parable. 

Speed.  'Tis  well,  that  I  get  it  fo  >  but,  Launce^  how 
fay'ft  thou,  that  my  mafter  is  become  a  notable  lover? 

Laun.  I  never  knew  him  otherwife. 

Speed.  Than  how  ? 

I  aun.  A  notable  Lubber,  as  thou  reported  him 
to  be. 

Speed.  Why,  thou  whorfon  afs,  thou  miftak'ft  me. 

Laun.  Why,  fool,  I  meant  not  thee*  I  meant  thy 
mafter. 

Speed.  I  tell  thee,  my  mafter  is  become  a  hot  lover. 

Lau  j. 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona,    i  8  i 

Laun.  Why,  I  tell  thee,  I  care  not  tho'  he  burn 
himfelf  in  love  :  If  thou  wilt  go  with  me  to  the  ale- 
houfe,  fo  5  if  not,  thou  art  an  Hebrew,  a  Jew,  and  not 
worth  the  name  of  a  Chriftian. 

Speed,  Why? 
.  Laun.  Becaufe  thou  haft  not   fo  much  charity  in 
thee,  as  to  go  to  the  ale-houfe  with  a  Chriftian:  wilt 
thou  go  ? 

Speed.  At  thy  fervice.  [Exeunt. 

Enter  Protheus  folus. 

Pro.  To  leave  my  Juliar  fhall  I  be  forfworn  % 
To  love  fair  Silvia,  fhall  I  be  forfworn  5 
To  wrong  my  friend,  I  fhall  be  much  forfworn : 
And  ev'n  that  pow'r,  which  gave  me  firfb  my  oath, 
Provokes  me  to  this  threefold  perjury. 
Love  bad  me  fwear,  and  love  bids  me  forfwear : 

0  fweet-fuggefting  love !  if  thou  haft  finn'd, 
Teach  me,  thy  tempted  fubject,  to  excufe  it. 
At  firft  I  did  adore  a  twinkling  liar, 

But  now  I  worfhip  a  celeftial  fun. 
Unheedful  vows  may  needfully  be  broken  ; 
And  he  wants  wit  that  wants  refolved  will, 
To  learn  his  wit  t'exchange  the  bad  for  better. 
Fie,  fie,  unreverend  tongue !  to  call  her  bad, 
Whofe  Sov'raignty  fo  oft  thou  haft  preferred 
With  twenty  thoufand  foul-confirming  oaths. 

1  cannot  leave  to  love,  and  yet  I  do  : 

But  there  I  leave  to  love,  where  I  fhould  love: 

Julia  I  lofe,  and  Valentine  I  lofe  : 

If  I  keep  them,  I  needs  muft  lofe  my  felf : 

If  I  lofe  them,  this  find  I  by  their  lofs, 

For  Valentine,  my  felf  \  for  Julia,  Silvia :  ■ 

I  to  my  felf  am  dearer  than  a  friend  j 

For  love  is  ftill  moft  precious  in  its  felf: 

And  Silvia,  (witnefs  heav'n,  that  made  her  fair!) 

Shews  Julia  but  a  fwarthy  Ethiope, 

I  will  forget  that  Julia  is  alive, 

Retnembring  that  my  love  to  her  is  dead: 

And  Valentine  I'll  hold  an  enemy, 

N  j  Aimiaj 


j  8  x    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Aiming  at  Silvia  as  a  fweeter  friend. 

I  cannot  now  prove  conftant  to  my  felf. 

Without  fome  treachery  us'd  to  Valentine : 

This  night,  he  meaneth  with  a  corded  ladder 

To  climb  celeftial  Silvia's  chamber- window  $ 

My  felf  in  counfel  his  competitor. 

Now  prefently  I'll  give  her  father  notice 

Of  their  difguifing,  and  pretended  flight} 

Who,  all  enrag'd,  will  banifh  Valentine  : 

For  ihurio,  he  intends,  (hall  wed  his  daughter. 

But,   Valentine  being  gone,  I'll  quickly  crofs, 

By  fome  fly  trick,  blunt  Thurio's  dull  proceeding. 

Love,  lend  me  wings  to  make  my  purpofe  fwift, 

As  thou  haft  lent  me  wit  to  plot  this  drift!  [Exit. 

SCENE  changes  to  JuliaV  Houfe  in  Verona. 

Enter  Julia  and  Lucetta. 

Jul.  /^Ounfel,  Lucetta  \  gentle  girl,  aflift  me; 

V^/  And,  even  in  kind  love,  I  do  conjure  thee, 
Who  art  the  table  wherein  all  my  thoughts 
Are  vifibly  chara&er'd  and  engrav'd, 
To  leffbn  me  $  and  tell  me  fome  good  mean, 
How  with  my  honour  I  may  undertake 
A  journey  to  my  loving  Protheus. 

Luc.  Alas !  the  way  is  wearifome  and  long. 

Jul.  A  true-devoted  pilgrim  is  not  weary 
To  meafure  kingdoms  with  his  feeble  fteps  \ 
Much  lefs  fhall  fhe,  that  hath  love's  wings  to  fly* 
And  when  the  flight  is  made  to  one  fo  dear, 
Of  fuch  divine  perfection  as  Sir  Protheus. 

Luc.  Better  forbear,  'till  Protheus  make  return. 

Jul.  Oh,  know'it  thou  not,  his  looks  are  my  foul's 
food? 
Pity  the  dearth,  that  I  have  pined  in, 
By  longing  for  that  food  fo  long  a  time. 
Didft  thou  but  know  the  inly  touch  of  love, 
Thou  would'ft  as  foon  go  kindle  fire  with  mow, 
As  feek  to  quench  the  fire  of  love,  with  words. 

Luc. 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona,     i  8  5 

Luc.  I  do  not  feek  to  quench  your  love's  hot  fire, 
But  qualifie  the  fire's  extream  rage, 
Left  it  fhould  burn  above  the  bounds  of  reafon. 

Jul.  The  more  thou  damm'ft  it  up,    the  more  it 
burns  : 
The  current,  that  with  gentle  murmur  glides, 
Thou  know'ft,  being  ftopp'd,  impatiently  doth  rage  5 
But  when  his  fair  courfe  is  not  hindered, 
He  makes  fweet  mufick  with  th'enamel'd  ftonesj 
Giving  a  gentle  kifs  to  every  fedge 
He  overtaketh  in  his  pilgrimage  : 
And  fo  by. many  winding  nooks  he  ftrays, 
With  willing  fport,  to  the  wild  ocean. 
Then  let  me  go,   and  hinder  not  my  courfe  5 
I'll  be  as  patient  as  a  gentle  ftream, 
And  make  a  paftime  of  each  weary  ftep, 
'Till  the  laft  ftep  have  brought  me  to  my  love  $ 
And  there  I'll  reft,  as,  after  much  turmoil, 
A  bleffed  foul  doth  in  Elyfium. 

Luc.  But  in  what  habit  will  you  go  along  ? 

Jul.  Not  like  a  woman  >  for  I  would  prevent 
The  loofe  encounters  of  lafcivious  men  : 
Gentle  Lucetta^  fit  me  with  fuch  weeds 
As  may  befeem  fome  well-reputed  page. 

Luc.  Why  then  your  ladyfhip  muft  cut  your  hair. 

Jul.  No,  girl  -,  I'll  knit  it  up  in  filken  firings, 
With  twenty  odd-conceited  true-love-knots : 
To  be  fantaftick,  may  become  a  youth 
Of  greater  time  than  I  mail  ftiew  to  be. 

Luc.  W  hat  failiion,Madam,mali  I  make  your  breeches  ? 

Jul.  That  fits  as  well,   as  — u  tell  me,   good  my 
lord, 
*c  What  compafs  will  you  wear  your  farthingale  ? 
Why,  even  what  fafhion  thou  beft  like'ft,  Lucetta. 

Luc.  You  muft  needs  have  them  with  a  cod-piece, 
Madam. 

Jul  Out,  out,  Lucetta  !  that  will  be  ill-favour'd. 

Luc.  A  round  hofe,  Madam,  now's  not  worth  a  pin, 
Unlefs  you  have  a  cod-piece  to  ftick  pins  on. 

N  4  Jul 


184    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Jul.  Lucetta*  as  thou  lov'fl  me,  let  me  have 
What  thou  think'fl  meet,  and  is  moft  mannerly : 
But  tell  me,  wench,  how  will  the  world  repute  me 
For  undertaking  fo  unftaid  a  journey  ? 
I  fear  me,  it  will  make  me  fcandaliz'd. 

Luc.  If  you  think  fo,  then  ftay  at  home,  and  go  not. 

Jul.  Nay,  that  I  will  not. 

Luc.  Then  never  dream  on  infamy,  but  go. 
If  Protheus  like  your  journey,  when  you  come, 
No  matter  who's  difpleas'd,  when  you  are  gone : 
I  fear  me,  he  will  fcarce  be  pleas 'd  withal. 

Jul.  That  is  the  leafl,  Lucetta,  of  my  fear: 
A  thoufand  oaths,  an  ocean  of  his  tears, 
And  inftances  as  infinite  of  love, 
Warrant  me  welcome  to  my  Protheus. 

Luc.  All  thefe  are  fervants  to  deceitful  men. 

Jul.  Bafe  men,  that  ufe  them  to  fo  bafe  effect ! 
But  truer  flars  did  govern  Protheus''  birth  j 
His  words  are  bonds,  his  oaths  are  oracles  j 
His  love  fincere,  his  thoughts  immaculate  5 
His  tears,  pure  mefTengers  fent  from  his  heart  j 
His  heart  as  far  from  fraud,  as  heav'n  from  earth. 

Luc.  Pray  heav'n  he  prove  fo,  when  you  come  to  him  ! 

Jul.  Now,  as  thou  lov'fl  me,  do  him  not  that  wrong, 
To  bear  a  hard  opinion  of  his  truth  -, 
Only  deferve  my  love,  by  loving  him  j 
And  prefently  go  with  me  to  my  chamber, 
To  take  a  note,  of  what  I   ftand  in  need  of, 
To  furnifh  me  upon  my  longing  journey: 
All  that  is  mine  I  leave  at  thy  difpofe, 
My  goods,  my  lands,  my  reputation  5 
Only,  in  lieu  thereof,  difpatch  me  hence: 
Come,  anfwer  not  5  but  to  it  prefently : 
I  am  impatient  of  my  tarriance.  {Exeunt* 


ACT 


TToe  Two  Gentlemen  0/ Verona.     1 8  5 

ACT      III. 

SCENE,  the  Dukes  Palace,  in  Milan. 

Enter  Duke,  Thurio,  and  Protheus. 

Duke. 

SIR  Thurio^  give  us  leave,  I  pray,  a  while; 
We  havefome  fecreri.to  confer  about.  [Exit  Thur. 
Now  tell  me,  Protheu^  what's  your  will  with  me? 
Pro.  My  gracious  lord,  that  which  I  would  difcover, 

The  law  of  rriendfliip  bids  me  to  conceal; 

But  when  I  call  to  mind  your  gracious  favours 
!  Pone  to  me,  undeferving  as  I  am, 

My  duty  pricks  me  on  to  utter  that, 

Which,  elfe,  no  worldly  good  fhould  draw  from  me, 
!  Know,  worthy  Prince,  Sir  Valentine  my  friend 
j  This  night  intends  to  fteal  away  your  daughter  : 

My  felf  am  one  made  privy  to  the  plot. 

I  know,  you  have  determin'd  to  bellow  her 

On  1'hurio^  whom  your  gentle  daughter  hates : 
i  And  fhould  me  thus  be  ftoll'n  away  from  you, 
I  It  would  be  much  vexation  to  your  age. 
j  Thus,  for  my  duty's  fake,  I  rather  chofc 

To  crofs  my  friend  in  his  intended  drift; 
i  Than,  by  concealing  it,  heap  on  your  head 

A  pack  of  forrows,  which  would  prefs  you  down, 

If  unprevented,  to  your  timelefs  grave. 

Duke.  Protheus ,  I  thank  thee  for  thine  honeft  care| 

Which  to  requite,  command  me  while  I  live. 

This  love  of  theirs  my  felf  have  often  feen, 

Haply,  when  they  have  judg'd  me  faft  aileepj 

And  oftentimes  have  purpos'd  to  forbid 

Sir  Valentine  her  company,  and  my  Court : 

But,  fearing  left  my  jealous  aim  might  err, 

And  fo  unworthily  difgrace  the  man, 

(A  rafhnefs,  that  I  ever  yet  have  fhunn'dj) 


i  %6     The  Two  Gentlemen  0/ Verona. 

I  gave  him  gentle  looks  j  thereby  to  find 
That  which  thy  felf  haft  now  dilclos'd  to  me. 
And  that  thou  may'ft  perceive  my  fear  of  this, 
Knowing  that  tender  youth  is  foon  fuggefted, 
I  nightly  lodge  her  in  an  upper  tower, 
The  key  whereof  my  felf  have  ever  kept  $ 
And  thence  fhe  cannot  be  convey'd  away. 

Pro.  Know,  noble  lord,  they  have  devis'd  a  mean 
How  he  her  chamber-window  will  afcend, 
And  with  a  corded  ladder  fetch  her  down ; 
For  which  the  youthful  lover  now  is  gone, 
And  this  way  comes  he  with  it  prefently  : 
Where,  if  it  pleafe  you,  you  may  intercept  him, 
But,  good  my  lord,  do  it  fo  cunningly, 
That  my  difcov'ry  be  not  aimed  at  j 
For  love  of  you,  not  hate  unto  my  friend, 
Hath  made  me  publisher  of  this  pretence. 

Duke.  Upon  mine  honour,  he  fliall  never  know 
That  I  had  any  light  from  thee  of  this. 

Pro.  Adieu,  my  lord :  Sir  Valentine  is  coming. 

[Exit  Pro, 

Enter  Valentine. 

Duke.  Sir  Valentine^  whither  away  fo  faft  ? 

Vol.  Pleafe  it  your  Grace,  there  is  a  meflenger 
That  flays  to  bear  my  letters  to  my  friends. 
And  I  am  going  to  deliver  them. 

Duke.  Be  they  of  much  import? 

Vol.  The  Tenour  of  them  doth  but  fignifie 
My  health,  and  happy  being  at  your  Court. 

Duke.  Nay  then,  no  matter  >  ftay  with  me  a  while  * 
I  am  to  break  with  thee  of  fome  affairs, 
That  touch  me  near  j  wherein  thou  muft  be  fecret. 
'Tis  not  unknown  to  thee,  that  I  have  fought 
To  match  my  friend,  Sir  Thurio,  to  my  daughter. 

Val.  I  know  it  well,  my  lord  >  and,  fure,  the  match 

Were  rich  and  honourable  *  befides,  the  gentleman 

Is  full  of  virtue,  bounty,  worth,  and  qualities 

Befeeming  fuch  a  wife  as  your  fair  daughter. 

Cannot  your  Grace  win  her  to  fancy  him? 

1  Duke. 


The  Two  Gentlemen  af  Verona.     1 87 

Duke.  No,  trufl:  me  \  fhe  is  peevifh,  fallen,  froward, 
Proud,  difobedient,  flubborn,  lacking  duty  * 
Neither  regarding  that  fhe  is  my  child, 
Nor  fearing  me  as  if  I  were  her  father  : 
And  may  I  fay  to  thee,  this  pride  of  hers, 
Upon  advice,  hath  drawn  my  love  from  her 5 
And,  where  I  thought  the  remnant  of  mine  age 
Should  have  been  cherinVd  by  her  child-like  duty,' 
I  now  am  full  refolv'd  to  take  a  wife, 
And  turn  her  out  to  who  will  take  her  in  : 
Then  let  her  beauty  be  her  wedding-dower 5 
For  me,  and  my  pofTeffions,  (he  efteems  not. 

Vah  What  would  your  Grace  have  me  to  do  in  this? 

Duke.  There  is  a  lady,  -f  Sir,  in  Milan  here, 
Whom  I  affect  >  but  fhe  is  nice  and  coy, 
And  nought  efteems  my  aged  eloquence : 
Now  therefore  would  I  have  thee  to  my  tutor* 
(For  long  agone  I  have  forgot  to  court  j 
Befides,  the  fafhion  of  the  time  is  chang'd,) 
How,  and  which  way,  I  may  beftow  my  felf, 
To  be  regarded  in  her  fun-bright  eye. 

Val.  Win  her  with  gifts,  if  fhe  refpects  not  words  3 
Dumb  jewels  often  in  their  filent  kind, 
More  than  quick  words,  do  move  a  woman's  mind. 

Duke.  But  fhe  did  fcorn  a  prefent,  that  I  fent  her. 

Val.  A  woman  fometimes  fcorns  what  befl:  contents 
her  j 
Send  her  another  j  never  give  her  o'er  5 
For  fcorn  at  firft  makes  after-love  the  more. 
If  fhe  do  frown,  'tis  not  in  hate  of  you, 
But  rather  to  beget  more  love  in  you : 
If  fhe  do  chide,  'tis  not  to  have  you  gone  5 
For  why,  the  fools  are  mad  if  left  alone. 
Take  no  repulfe,  whatever  fhe  doth  fay  5 
For,  get  you  gone,  fhe  doth  not  mean  away  :   , 

■f  Sir,  in  Milan  here.     7/  ought  to  be  thus,  inftead  of in  Verona 

here for  the  Scene  apparently  is  in  Milan,   as  is  clqar  from  fever al 

fajfages  in  the  firft  A3,  and  in  the  beginning  of  the  firji    Scene   of  the 

fourth  A£l.     A  like  mijiake  has  crept  into  the  eighth  Scene  of  Aft  II.  nvhere 

Speed  bids  his  fellow-fcrvant  Launce,  welcome  to  Padua.  Mr.  Pope. 

Flatter, 


1 8  8     The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Flatter,  and  praife,  commend,  extol  their  graces  % 
Tho'  ne'er  fo  black,  fay,  they  have  angels  faces. 
That  man  that  hath  a  tongue,  I  fay,  is  no  man, 
If  with  his  tongue  he  cannot  win  a  woman. 

Duke.  But  fhe  I  mean,  is  promis'd  by  her  friends 
Unto  a  youthful  gentleman  of  worth, 
And  kept  feverely  from  refort  of  men, 
That  no  man  hath  accefs  by  day  to  her. 

Val.  Why  then  I  would  refort  to  her  by  night. 

Duke.  Ay,  but  the  doors  belockt,and  keys  kept  fafe, 
That  no  man  hath  recourfe  to  her  by  night. 

Val.  What  lets,  but  one  may  enter  at  her  window? 

Duke.  Her  chamber  is  aloft,  far  from  the  ground, 
And  built  fo  (helving,  that  one  cannot  climb  ic 
Without  apparent  hazard  of  his  life. 

Val.  Why  then  a  ladder  quaintly  made  of  cords, 
To  caft  up,  with  a  pair  of  anchoring  hooks, 
Would  ferve  to  fcale  another  Hero's  tower, 
So  bold  Leander  would  adventure  it. 

Duke.  Now,  as  thou  art  a  gentleman  of  blood, 
Advife  me  where  I  may  have  fuch  a  ladder. 

Val.  When  would  you  ufe  it  ?  pray,  Sir,  tell  me  that 

Duke.  This  very  night  >  for  love  is  like  a  child, 
That  longs  for  ev'ry  thing  that  he  can  come  by. 

Val.  By  feven  a  clock  I'll  get  you  fuch  a  ladder. 

Duke.  But  hark  thee :  I  will  go  to  her  alone  $ 
How  ihall  I  beft  convey  the  ladder  thither  ? 

Val.  It  will  be  light,  my  lord,  that  you  may  bear  it 
Under  a  cloak  that  is  of  any  length. 

Duke.  A  cloak  as  long  as  thine  will  ferve  the  turn  ? 

Val.  Ay,  my  good  lord. 

Duke.  Then  let  me  fee  thy  cloak  \ 
I'll  get  me  one  of  fuch  another  length. 

Val.  Why,  any  cloak  will  ferve  the  turn,  my  lord. 

Duke.  How  fhall  I  fafhion  me  to  wear  a  cloak  ? 
I  pray  thee,  let  me  feel  thy  cloak  upon  me. 
What  letter  is  this  fame?  what's  here?  To  Silvia? 
And  here  an  engine  fit  for  my  proceeding  ? 
I'll  be  fo  bold  to  break  the  feal  for  once.    [Duke  reads. 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.     1 8  9 

My  thoughts  do  harbour  with  my  Silvia  nightly. 

And  Jlaves  they  are  to  me,  that  fend  them  flying  : 
Oh,  could  their  mafter  come  and  go  as  lightly, 

Himfelf  would  lodge,  where  fenfelefs  they  are  lying  : 
My  herald  thoughts  in  thy  pure  bofom  reft  them, 

JVhile  I,  their  King,  that  thither  them  importune, 
Do  curfe  the  grace,  that  with  fuch  grace  hath  ble(l  them, 

Becaufe  my  [elf  do  want  my  fervanf  s  fortune  : 
I  curfe  my  felf,  for  they  are  fent  by  me  5 
¥hat  they  fhould  harbour,  where  their  lord  would  be. 

What's  here  ?  Silvia,  this  night  will  I  enfranchi/e  thee : 

*Tis  fo  y  and  here's  the  ladder  for  the  purpofe. 

Why,  Phaeton,  for  thou  art  Merops*  fon, 

Wilt  thou  afpire  to  guide  the  heav'nly  car, 

And  with  thy  daring  folly  burn  the  world  ? 

Wilt  thou  reach  ftars,  becaufe  they  fhine  on  thee  ? 

Go,  bafe  intruder !  over- weening  flave  ! 

Beftow  thy  fawning  fmiles  on  equal  mates  5 

And  think,  my  patience,  more  than  thy  defert, 

Is  privilege  for  thy  departure  hence  : 

Thank  me  for  this,  more  than  for  all  the  favours, 

Which,  all  too  much,  I  have  beftow'd  on  thee. 

But  if  thou  linger  in  my  territories. 

Longer  than  fwiftefl:  expedition 

Will  give  thee  time  to  leave  our  royal  Court, 

By  heav'n,  my  wrath  fhall  far  exceed  the  love, 

I  ever  bore  my  daughter  or  thy  felf: 

Be  gone,  I  will  not  hear  thy  vain  excufe, 

But  as  thou  lov'fl:  thy  life,  make  fpeed  from  hence.  \_Exif. 
Vah  And  why  not  death,  rather  than  living  torment  ? 

To  die,  is  to  be  baniuYd  from  my  felf, 

And  Silvia  is  my  felf$  banifh'd  from  her, 

Is  felf  from  felf:  a  deadly  banifhment ! 

What  light  is  light,  if  Silvia  be  not  feen? 

What  joy  is  joy,  if  Silvia  be  not  by? 

Unlefs  it  be  to  think,  that  fhe  is  by  j 

And  feed  upon  the  fhadow  of  perfection. 

Except  I  be  by  Silvia  in  the  night, 

There  is  no  mufick  in  the  nightingale  5 

Unlefs  1  look  on  Silvia  in  the  day,  There 


ipo    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona 

There  is  no  day  for  me  to  look  upon: 
She  is  my  eflence,  and  I  leave  to  be, 
If  I  be  not  by  her  fair  influence 
Fofter'd,  illumin'd,  cherifh'd,  kept  alive. 
I  fly  not  death,  to  fly  his  deadly  doom* 
Tarry  I  here,  I  but  attend  on  death  : 
But  fly  I  hence,  I  fly  away  from  life. 

Enter  Protheus  and  Launce. 

Pro.  Run,  boy,  run,  run,  and  feck  him  out. 

Laun.  So-ho  !  fo-ho !  ■ 

Pro.  What  feeft  thou? 

Laun.  Him  we  go  to  find : 
There's  not  an  hair  on's  head,  but  'tis  a  Valentin*. 

Pro.  Valentine,    ™ 

Val.  No. 

Pro.  Who  then  5  his  fpirit? 

Val.  Neither. 

Pro.  What  then? 

Val.  Nothing, 
s    Laun.  Can  nothing  fpeak  ?  mafter,  fhall  I  ftrike  ? 

Pro.  Whom  wouldft  thou  ftrike  ? 

Laun.  Nothing. 

Pro.  Villain,  forbear. 

Laun.  Why,  Sir,  I'll  ftrike  nothing*  I  pray  you,— 

Pro.  I  fay,  forbear:  friend  Valentine,  &  word. 

Val.  My  ears  are  ftopt,  and  cannot  hear  good  news, 
So  much  of  bad  already  hath  pofTeft  them. 

Pro.  Then  in  dumb  filence  will  I  bury  mint} 
For  they  arc  harfh,  untuneable,  and  bad. 

Val.  Is  Silvia  dead  ? 

Pro.  No,  Valentine. 

Val.  No  Valentine,  indeed,  for  facred  Silvia  ! 
Hath  fhe  forfworn  me? 

Pro.  No,  Valentine. 

Val.  No  Valentine,  if  Silvia  have  forfworn  me! 
What  is  your  news? 

Laun.    Sir,   there's   a  proclamation    that    you  arc 
vanifh'd. 

Pro.  That  thou  artbanilh'dj  oh,  that  is  the  news, 

From 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.    1$  x 

From  hence,  from  Silvia,  and  from  me  thy  friend. 

Val   Oh,  I  have  fed  upon  this  woe  already  5 
And  now  excels  of  it  wjII  make  me  furfeit.  ' 
Doth  Silvia  know  that  I  am  banifhed? 

Pro.  Ay,  ay  ;  and  fhe  hath  offer'd  to  the  doom, 
Which  unrevers'd  ftands  in  efFe&ual  force, 
A  Tea  of  melting  pearl,  which  fome  call  tears: 
Thofe  at  her  father's  churlifh  feet  me  tender'd, 
With  them,  upon  her  knees,  her  humble  felf* 
Wringing  her  hands,  whofe  whitenefs  fo  became  them, 
As  if  but  now  they  waxed  pale  for  wo. 
But  neither  bended  knees,  pure  hands  held  up, 
Sad  fighs,  deep  groans,  nor  filver-ihedding  tears, 
Could  penetrate  her  uncompaffionateSirej 
But  Valentine^  if  he  be  ta'en,  mull  die. 
Befides,  her  interceffion  chaPd  him  fo, 
When  me  for  thy  repeal  was  fuppliant, 
That  to  clofe  prifon  he  commanded  her, 
With  many  bitter  threats  of  biding  there. 

Val  No  more  3  unlefs  the  next  word,  that  thou  fpeak'ft, 
Have  fome  malignant  power  upon  my  life: 
If  fo,  I  pray  thee,  breathe  it  in  mine  ear, 
As  ending  anthem  of  my  endlefs  dolour. 

Pro.  Ceafe  to  lament  for  that  thou  canft  not  help, 
And  ftudy  help  for  that  which  thou  lament'ft. 
Time  is  the  nurfe  and  breeder  of  all  good: 
Here  if  thou  flay,  thou  canfl  not  fee  thy  love  5 
Befides,  thy  flaying  will  abridge  thy  life. 
Hope  is  a  lover's  ftaffj  walk  hence  with  that* 
And  manage  it  againfl  defpairing  thoughts. 
Thy  letters  may  be  here,  tho'  thou  art  hence, 
Which,  being  writ  to  me,  fliall  be  deliver'd 
Ev'n  in  the  milk-white  bofom  of  thy  love. 
The  time  now  ferves  not  to  expoflulate  $ 
Come,  I'll  convey  thee  through  the  city-gate  j 
And,  ere  I  part  with  thee,  confer  at  large 
Of  all  that  may  concern  thy  love-affairs  : 
As  thou  lov'fl  Silvia,  tho'  not  for  thy  felf, 
Regard  thy  danger,  and  along  with  me. 
Val  I  pray  thee,  Launch  an  if  thou  feeft  my  boy, 

Bid 


xpt    The  Two  Gentlemen  0/ Verona. 

Bid  him  make  hafle,  and  meet  me  at  the  north-gate^ 
Pro.  Go,  Sirrah,  find  him  out :  come,  Valentine. 
Val.  O  my  dear  Silvia!  haplefs  Valentine! 

{Exeunt  Val.  and  Pro. 
Laun.  I  am  but  a  fool,  look  you,  and  yet  I  have 
the  wit  to  think  my  matter  is  a  kind  of  a  knave :  but 
that's  all  one,  if  he  be  but  one  knave.  He  lives  not 
now  that  knows  me  to  be  in  love,  yet  I  am  in  love  5 
but  a  Team  of  horfe  fhall  not  pluck  that  from  me, 
nor  who  'tis  I  love,  and  yet  'tis  a  woman  ;  but  what 
woman  I  will  not  tell  my  felfj  and  yet  'tis  a  milk- 
maid; yet  'tis  not  a  maid,  for  {he  hath  had  goffipsj 
yet  'tis  a  maid,  for  fhe  is  her  mailer's  maid  and 
lerves  for  wages :  fhe  hath  more  qualities  than  a  wa- 
ter-fpaniel,  which  is  much  in  a  bare  chriftian.  Here 
is  the  cat  -log  {Pulling  out  a  paper]  of  her  conditions  j 
imprimis^  (he  can  fetch  and  carry  ;  why,  a  horfe  can 
do  no  more  $  nay,  a  horfe  cannot  fetch,  but  only  carry  5 
therefore  is  Ihe  better  than  a  jade.  Item,  fhe  can 
milk  -y  look  you,  a  fweet  virtue  in  a  maid  with  clean 
hands. 

Enter  Speed. 

Speed.  How  now,  fignior  Launce?  what  news  with 
your  mafterfhip  ? 

Laun.  With  my  matter's  fhip?  why,  it  is  at  fea.  (11) 

Speed.  Well,  your  old  vice  ftill  3  miftake  the  word  ; 
what  news  then  in  your  paper? 

Laun.  The  blackeft  news  that  ever  thou  heard'ft. 

Speed.  Why,  man,  how  black  ? 

Laun.  Why,  as  black  as  ink. 

Speed.  Let  me  read  them. 

(12)  With  my  Mafterfhip  ?  why,  it  is  at  Sea.~\  Thefe  poetical  Edi- 
tors are  pleafant  Gentlemen  to  let  this  pafs  without  any  Sufpicion.  For 
how  does  Launce  miftake  the  Word  ?  Speed  asks  him  about  his  Mafter- 
fhip, and  he  replies  to  it  litteratim.  But  then  how  was  his  Mafterfhip 
at  Sea,  and  on  Shore  too  ?  The  Addition  of  a  Letter  and  a  Note  of 
Jpqftrophe  make  Launce  both  miftake  the  Word,  and  fets  the  Pun  right : 
It  reftores,  indeed,  but  a  mean  Joke ;  but,  without  it,  there  is  no  Senfeiti 
the  PafTage.  Befides,  it  is  in  Character  with  the  reft  of  the  Scene;  and 
I  dare  be  confident,  the  Poet's  own  Conceit, 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Vefona.      1 5)  5 

Laun.  Fie  on  thee,  jolt-head,  thou  can'fl  not  read. 

Speed.  Thou  lyeft,  I  can. 

Laun.  I  will  try  thee  j  tell  me  this,  who  begot  thee  t 

Speed.  Marry,  the  fon  of  my  grand- father. 

Laun.  O  illiterate  loiterer,  it  was  the  fon  of  thy 
grand-mother ;  this  proves,  that  thou  canft  not  read* 

Speed.  Come,  fool,  come,  try  me  in  thy  paper. 

Laun.  There^  and  S.  Nicholas  be  thy  fpeed! 

Speed.  Imprimis,  fhe  can  milk. 

Laun.  Ay,  that  (he  can. 

Speed.  Item,  (he  brews  good  ale. 

Laun.  And  thereof  comes  the  proverb,  BhJJing  of  $ou¥ 
hearty  you  brew  good  ale. 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  can  fowc. 

Laun.  That's  as  much  as  to  fay,  can  fhe  fo? 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  can  knit. 

Laun.  What  need  a  man  care  for  a  flock  with  & 
wench,  when  fhe  can  knit  him  a  flock! 

Speed,  Item,  £he  can  wafh  and  fcour. 

Laun.  A  fpecial  virtue,  for  then  fhe  need  not  to  be 
wafli'd  and  fcour'd. 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  can  fpin. 

Laun.  Then  may  I  fet  the  world  on  wheels^  when 
fhe  can  fpin  for  her  living. 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  hath  many  namelefs  virtues. 

Laun.  That's  as  much  as  to  fayj  Baftard  Virtues  % 
that,  indeed,  know  not  their  fathers,  and  therefore  hav£ 
no  names. 

Speed.  Here  follow  her  vices. 

Laun.  Clofe  at  the  heels  of  her  virtues. 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  is  not  to  be  kift  fatting;,  in  refpeft 
bf  her  breath, 

Laun,  Well,  that  fault  may  be  mended  with  a  break* 
faft :  read  on. 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  hath  a  fweet  mouth. 

Laun.  That  makes  amends  for  her  four  breath* 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  doth  talk  in  her  fleep. 

Laun.  It's  no  matter  for  that,  fo  fhe  fleep  not  in 
her  talk. 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  is  flow  in  words i 

Vo  l.  I.  Q  JLtiun* 


i94     T&e  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Laun.  O  villain !  that  fet  down  among  her  vices !  to 
be  flow  in  words  is  a  woman's  only  virtue:  I  pray 
thee,  out  with't,  and  place  it  for  her  chief  virtue. 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  is  proud. 

Laun.  Out  with  that  too :  it  was  Eve's  legacy,  and 
cannot  be  ta'en  from  her. 

Speed.  Item-,  fhe  hath  no  teeth. 

Laun.  I  care  not  for  that  neither,  becaufe  I  love 
crufts. 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  is  curft. 

Laun.  Well  >  the  beft  is,  fhe  hath  no  teeth  to  bite. 

Speed.  Item,  She  will  often  praife  her  liquor. 

Laun.  If  her  liquor  be  good,  fhe  fhall  j  if  fhe  will 
not,  I  will  j  for  good  things  fhould  be  praifed. 

Speed.  Item,  ihe  is  too  liberal. 

Laun.  Of  her  tongue  fhe  cannot  >  for  that's  writ 
down,  fhe  is  flow  of  j  of  her  purfe  fhe  fhall  not,  for 
that  I'll  keep  fruit*  now  of  another  thing  fhe  may,  and 
that  cannot  I  help.     Well,  proceed. 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  hath  more  hairs  than  wit,  and  more 
faults  than  hairs,  and  more  wealth  than  faults. 

Laun.  Stop  here  5  I'll  havener*  fhe  was  mine,  and 
not  mine,  twice  or  thrice  in  that  article.  Rehearfe 
that  once  more. 

Speed.  Item,  fhe  hath  more  hair  than  wit. 

Laun.  More  hair  than  wit,  it  may  be 5  I'll  prove  it: 
the  cover  of  the  fait  hides  the  fait,  and  therefore  it 
is  more  than  the  fait*  the  hair,  that  covers  the  wit,  is 
more  than  the  wit*  for  the  greater  hides  the  lefs. 
What's  next  ? 

Speed.  And  more  faults  than  hairs. 

Laun.  That's  monftrous :  oh,  that  that  were  out! 

Speed.  And  more  wealth  than  faults. 

Laun.  Why,  that  word  makes  the  faults  gracious  : 
well,  I'll  have  her;  and  if  it  be  a  match,  as  nothing  is 
impoffible ■ 

Speed.   What  then? 

Laun.  Why  then  will  I  tell  thee,   that  thy  mafter 

flays  for  thee  at  the  north-gate. 

Speed.  lror  me  ? 

Laun. 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona,     i  j>j 

Laun.  For  thee  ?  ay *  who  art  thou  ?  he  hath  fiaid 
for  a  better  man  than  thee. 

Speed.  And  muft  I  go  to  him  ? 

Laun.  Thou  muft  run  to  him ,  for  thou  haft  ftaid  fo 
long,  that  going  will  fcarce  ferve  the  turn. 

Speed.  Why  didft  not  tell  me  fooner  ?  pok  on  youf 
love-letters ! 

Laun.  Now  will  he  be  fwing'd  for  reading  my  let- 
ter: an  unmannerly  flave,  that  will  thruft  himfelf  into 
fecrets.— —I'll  after,  to  rejoice  in  the  boy's  correc- 
tion. [Exeunt. 

Enter  Duke  and  Thurio* 

Duke.  Sir  Thurio,  fear  not,  but  that  {he  will  love  you, 
Now  Valentine  is  banifh'd  from  her  fight. 

*thu.  Since  his  exile  (he  hath  defpis'd  me  moft, 
Forfworn  my  company,  and  rail'd  at  me, 
That  I  am  defperate  of  obtaining  her. 

Duke.  This  weak  Imprefs  of  love  is  as  a  figure 
Trenched  in  ice,  which  with  an  hour's  heat 
Diflblves  to  water,  and  doth  lofe  his  form. 
A  little  time  will  melt  her  frozen  thoughts. 
And  worth lefs  Valentine  fhall  be  forgot. 

Enter  Prothcus. 

How  now,  Sir  Protheus?  Is  your  countreyman, 
According  to  our  proclamation,  gone  ? 

Pro.  Gone,  my  good  lord. 

Duke.  My  daughter  takes  his  going  heavily. 

Pro.  A  little  time,  my  lord,  will  kill  that  grief. 

Duke.  So  I  believe  5  but  Thurio  thinks  not  ib. 
ProtheuS)  the  good  conceit  I  hold  of  thee, 
(For  thou  haft  mown  fome  fign  of  good  defert) 
Makes  me  the  better  to  confer  with  thee. 

Pro.  Longer  than  I  prove  loyal  to  your  Grace, 
Let  me  not  live  to  look  upon  your  Grace. 

Duke.  Thou  know' ft,  how  willingly  I  would  eflfe£t. 
The  match  between  Sir  Thurio  and  my  daughter. 

Pro.  I  do,  my  lord. 

O  z  Duke, 


1 5>£     The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Duke.  And  alfo,  I  do  think,  thou  art  not  ignorant 
How  (he  oppofes  her  againft  my  will. 

Pro.   She  did,  my  lord,  when  Valentine  was  here. 
Duke.  Ay,  and  perverfely  me  perfevers  fo. 
What  might  we  do  to  make  the  girl  forget 
The  love  o£  Valentine,  and  love  Sir  Thurio  ? 
Pro.  The  beft  way  is  to  flander  Valentine 
With  falihood,  cowardice,  and  poor  defcent : 
Three  things,  that  women  highly  hold  in  hate. 
Duke.  Ay,  but  fhe'll  think,  that  it  is  fpoke  in  hate. 
Pro.  Ay,  if  his  enemy  deliver  it : 
Therefore  it  mull,  with  circumftance,  be  fpoken 
By  one,  whom  fhe  efteemeth  as  his  friend. 
.  Duke.  Then  you  muft  undertake  to  flander  him. 
Pro:  And  that,  my  lord,  I  mail  be  loth  to  do* 
'Tis  an  ill  office  for  a  gentleman  > 
Efpecially,  againft  his  very  friend. 

Duke.  Where  your  good  word  cannot  advantage  him, 
Your  flander  never  can  endamage  him  5 
Therefore  the  office  is  indifferent, 
Being  intreated  to  it  by  your  friend. 

Pro.  You  have  prevaiPd,  my  lord:  if  I  can  do  it, 
By  ought  that  I  can  fpeak  in  his  difpraife, 
She  (hall  not  long  continue  love  to  him. 
But  fay,  this  weed  her  love  from  Valentine,  (13) 
It  follows  not,  that  fhe  will  love  Sir  Thurio. 

"Thu.  Therefore  as  you  unwind  her  love  from  him, 
Left  it  mould  ravel,  and  be  good  to  none, 
You  muft  provide  to  bottom  it  on  me: 
Which  muft  be  done,  by  praifing  me  as  much 
As  you  in  worth  difpraife  Sir  Valentine. 

Duke.  And,  Protheus,  we  dare  truft  you  in  this  kind, 
Becaufe  we  know,  on  Valentine' 's  report, 
You  are  already  love's  firm  votary  -, 
.And  cannot  foon  revolt  and  change  your  mind. 
Upon  this  warrant,   mall  you  have  accefs, 

[13;  But  fay,  this  tveed  her  Lo-ve ]  This  Caft  of  Reafoning  very 

Bear  re.embies  That  of  Davus  in  the  Andrta  of  Terence,  A£t  2.  Sc.  2. 

„-,  'Ridicuhim  Caput  ! 

Quasi  necejfc  f.t,  Ji  huU  nan  dat,  tc  Warn  uxorem  ducere. 

Where 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.     1 97 

Where  you  with  Silvia  may  confer  at  large : 
For  fhe  is  lumpifh,  heavy,  melancholy, 
And,  for  your  friend's  fake,  will  be  glad  of  you ; 
Where  you  may  temper  her,  by  your  perfuafion, 
To  hate  young  Valentine^  and  love  my  friend. 

Pro.  As  much  as  I  can  do,  I  will  effect, 
But  you,  Sir  Thurio,  are  not  fharp  enough  j 
You  muft  lay  lime,  to  tangle  her  defires, 
By  wailful  fonnets,  whofe  compofed  rhimes 
Should  be  full  fraught  with  ferviceable  vows. 

Duke.  Much  is  the  force  of  heav'n-bred  poefie. 

Pro.  Say,  that  upon  the  altar  of  her  beauty 
You  facrifice  your  tears,  your  fighs,  your  heart : 
Write,  'till  your  ink  be  dry  $  and  wijth  your  tears 
Moid  it  again  -y  and  frame  fome  feeling  line, 
That  may  difcover  fuch  integrity  : 
For  Orpheus'  lute  was  fining  with  poets  finews  $ 
Whofe  golden  touch  could  foften  fteel  and  ftones, 
Make  tygers  tame,  and  huge  Leviathans 
Forfake  unfounded  deeps,  to  dance  on  fands. 
After  your  dire-lamenting  elegies, 
Vifit  by  night  your  lady's  chamber-window 
With  fome  fweet  confort :   to  their  inftruments 
Tune  a  deploring  dump  -,  the  night's  dead  filence 
Will  well  become  fuch  fweet  complaining  grievance. 
This,  or  elfe  nothing,   will  inherit  her. 

Duke.  This  difcipline  fhews,  thou  haft  been  in  love. 

Thu.  And  thy  advice  this  night  I'll  put  in  practice  $ 
Therefore,  fweet  Protheus9  my  direction-giver, 
Let  us  into  the  city  prefently 
To  fort  fome  gentlemen  well  skill'd  in  mufick  j 
I  have  a  fonnet,  that  will  ferve  the  turn, 
To  give  the  onfet  to  thy  good  advice. 

Duke.  About  it,  gentlemen. 

Pro.  We'll  wait  upon  your  Grace,  'till  after  fupper  > 
And  afterwards  determine  our  proceedings. 

JDuke.  Ev'n  now  about  it.  I  will  pardon  you.  \_Exeunt. 


O  5  ACT 


?*8     The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

ACT      IV. 

SCENE,  a  Foreft,  leading  towards  Mantua. 


F 


Enter  certain  Out- laws. 

i  Out-law. 

ELLOWS,  Hand  fail :  I  fee  a  paflenger. 
z  Out.  If  there  be  ten,  fhrink  not,   but  down 
with  'em. 


Enter  Valentine  and  Speed. 

3  Out.  Stand,  Sir,  and  throw  us  what  you  have  a? 
bout  you }  if  not,  we'll  make  you,  Sir,  and  rifle  you. 

Speed.  Sir,  we  are  undone  •>  thefe  are  the  villains,  that 
$11  the  travellers  do  fear  fo  much. 

Val.  My  friends, . — - 

i  Out.  That's  not  fo,  Sir  \  we  are  your  enemies. 

%Out.  Peace j  we'll  hear  him. 

3  Out.  Ay,  by  my  beard,  will  we  \  for  he  is  a  proper 
man. 

Val.  Then  know,  that  I  have  little  Wealth  to  lofe  : 
A  man  I  am,  crofs'd  with  adverfity  \ 
My  riches  are  thefe  poor  habiliments, 
Of  which  if  you  fhould  here  disfurnifli  me, 
You  take  the  fum  and  fubflance  that  I  have. 

o.  Out.  Whither  travel  you? 

Val.  To  Verona. 

i  Out.  Whence  came  you  ? 

Val.  From  Milan. 

\Out.  Have  you  long  fojourn'd  there? 

VaL  Some  fixteen  months  ;  and  longer  might  have 
flaid. 
If  crooked  fortune  had  not  thwarted  me. 

i  Out.  What,  were  you  banifh'd  thence? 

jfifl.  I  was. 

1  OuU 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Vexoaa.     1 99 

2  Out.  For  what  offence  ? 

Val.  For  that,  which  now  torments  me  to  rehearfe : 
I  kill'd  a  man,  whofe  death  I  much  repent  j 
But  yet  I  flew  him  manfully  in  fight, 
Without  falfe  vantage  or  bafe  treachery. 

1  Out.  Why  ne'er  repent  it,  if  it  were  done  fo. 
But  were  you  bani(h'd  for  fo  fmall  a  fault  ? 

Val.  I  was,  and  held  me  glad  of  fuch  a  doom. 

1  Out.  Have  you  the,  tongues  ? 

Val  My  youthful  travel  therein  made  me  happy, 
Or  elfe  I  often  had  been  miferable. 

5  Out.  By  the  bare  fcalp  of  Robin  Hood's  fat  friar, 
This  fellow  were  a  King  for  our  wild  faction. 

1  Out.  We'll  have  him.     Sirs,  a  word. 

Speed.  Mailer,  be  one  of  them :  it's  an  honourable 
kind  of  thievery. 

Val.  Peace,  villain. 

z  Out.  Tell  us  this  *  have  you  any  thing  to  take  to  ? 

Val.  Nothing,  but  my  fortune. 

3  Out.  Know  then,  that  fome  of  us  are  gentlemen, 
Such  as  the  fury  of  ungovern'd  youth 

Thruft  from  the  company  of  awful  men : 

My  felf  was  from  Verona  baniihed, 

For  praftifing  to  fteal  away  a  lady, 

An  heir,  and  near  ally'd  unto  the  Duke.  (14) 

•    o  4  zOut. 

(14)  An  Heir  and  neiee  allfd  unto  the  Du&e.]  Thus  all  the  Jmpre£ 
fions,  from  the  firft  downwards.  But  our  Poet  would  never  have  ex* 
prefs'd  himielf  fo  ftupidly,  as  to  tell  us,  this  Lady  was  the  Duke's  Neice> 
and  allyd  to  him  :  for  her  Alliance  was,  certainly,  fufficiently  included 
in  the  firft  Term.  Our  Author  meant  to  fay,  fne  was  an  Heirefs,  and 
near  allfd  to  the  Duke :  an  Expreffion  the  moft  natural  that  can  be  for 
the  Purpofe,  and  very  frequently  uled  by  the  Stage- Poets. 

So  in  Romeo  and  Juliet. 

This  Gentleman,  the  Princess  near  Ally. 

So  in  Beaumont  and  Fletcher 's  Sea-Forage. 

— yet  that  We  may  learn 

Whether  they  are  the  fame,  or  near  ally'd 
To  Thofe,  that  fore  d  me  to  this  cruel  Courfe. 
So  in  B.  Jonforis  Every  Man  out  of  his  Humour. 

'     'fome  fuch  crofs-<wooing,  nvith  a  Clown  to  their  Serwingumx, 
hetPer  than  to  he  thus  near  and  familiarly  ally^d  to  the  Time. 

Sa 


*  oo     The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

z  Out.  And  I  from  Mantua,  for  a  gentleman 
Whom,  in  my  mood,  I  ftabb'd  unto  the  heart. 

i  Out.  And  I  for  fuch  like  petty  crimes  as  thefc 
Put,  to  the  purpofej  for  we  cite  our  faults, 
That  they  may  hold  excus'd  our  lawlefs  lives  j 
And,  partly,  feeing  you  are  beautify'd 
With  goodly  fhape,  and  by  your  own  report 
A  linguiftj  and  a  man  of  fuch  perfection, 
As  we  do  in  our  quality  much  wantj 

zOut.  Indeed,  becaufe  you  are  a  baniih'd  man, 
Therefore,  above  the  reft,  we  parley  to  you  j 
Are  you  content  to  be  our  General  ? 
To  make  a  virtue  of  neceffity, 
And  live,  as  we  do,  in  the  wildernefs  ?' 

3  Out.  What  fay'ft  thou  ?  wilt  thou  be  of  our  con- 
fort? 
Say,  ay  ->  and  be  the  captain  of  us  all  : 
We'll  do  thee  homage,  and  be  ruFd  by  thee  y 
Love  thee  as  our  commander,  and  our  King. 

i  Out.  But  if  thou  fcorn  our  courtefie,  thou  dy'ft. 

zOut.  Thou  ihalt  not  live  to  brag  what  we  have 
offer'd.     " 

Pal.  I  take  your  offer,  and  will  live  with  you  j 
Provided,  that  you  do  no  outrages 
0n  filly  women,  or  poor  paflengers. 

3  Out.  No,  we  deteft  fuch  vile  bafe  practices. 
Come,  go  with  us,  well  bring  thee  to  our  crews. 
And  (hew 'thee  all  the  treafure  we  have  got  j 
Which,  with  our  felyes,  fhall  reft  at  thy  difpofe. 

[Exeunt. 

So  in  Laiv-Trich,  by  John  Day. 

That  notwitbjlanding  my  Wife's  near  AUyanc« 
Unto  the  Du&e,  I  purchased  a  Divorce. 

And  fo  in  Soliman  and  Perfeda ; 

Fly,  ere  the  Governour  ba<ve  any  News, 
VPhoJe  near  Ally  he  was,  and  chief  Delight. 

And  in  a  Number  of  Paflages  more,  that  might  be  quoted. 


SCENE 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of Verona. 


20I 


SCENE  changes  to  an  open  Tlace^  under 
SilviaV  Apartment^  in  Milan. 

Enter  Protheus. 

Pro.  A  Lready  I've  been  falfe  to  Valentine^ 

Jl\  And  now  I  muft  be  as  unjuft  to  Thuri*. 
Under  the  colour  of  commending  him, 
I  have  accefs  my  own  love  to  prefer : 
But  Silvia  is  too  fair,  too  true,  too  holy, 
To  be  corrupted  with  my  worthlefs  gifts. 
When  I  proteft  true  loyalty  to  her, 
She  twits  me  with  my  falfhood  to  my  friend  $ 
When  to  her  beauty  I  commend  my  vows, 
She  bids  me  think,  how  I  have  been  forfworn 
In  breaking  faith  with  Julia  whom  I  lov'd. 
And,  notwithstanding  all  her  fudden  quips, 
The  leaft  whereof  would  quell  a  lover's  hope, 
Yet,  fpaniel-like,  the  more  fhe  fpurns  my  love, 
The  more  it  grows,  and  fawneth  on  her  ftill. 
But  here  comes  T'burio  :  now  muft  we  to  her  window, 
And  give  fome  evening  mufick  to  her  ear. 

Enter  Thurio  and  Mujicians. 

Thu.  How  now,  Sir  Protheus^  are  you  crept  before  us  £ 

Pro.  Ay,  gentle  iTburio;  for,  you  know,  that  love 
Will  creep  in  fervice  where  it  cannot  go. 

Tbu.  Ay,  but  I  hope,  Sir,  that  you  love  not  here. 

Pro.  Sir,  but  I  do  5  or  elfe  I  would  be  hence. 

Ifhu.  Whom,  Silvia? 

Pro.  Ay,  Silvia^  for  your  fake. 

Thu.  I  thank  you,  for  your  own :  now,  gentlemen, 
Let's  tune,  and  to  it  luftily  a  while. 

Enter  Hojl^  and  Julia  in  bofs  chaths. 

Hofi.  Now,  my  young  gueft,   methinks,  you're  aN 
^ycholly :  I"  pray  you,  why  is  it  ? 
Jul.  Marry,  mine  Hoft,  beeaufe  I  cannot  be  merry. 

hofi. 


202    The  Two  Gentlemen  of 'Verona. 

Hoft.  Come,  we'll  have  you  merry  5  I'll  bring  you 
where  you  fhall  hear  mufick,  and  fee  the  gentleman 
that  you  ask'd  for. 

Jul.  But  fhall  I  hear  him  fpeak  ? 

Hoft.  Ay,  that  you  (hall. 

Jul.  That  will  be  mufick. 

Hoft.  Hark,  hark ! 

Jul.  Is  he  among  thefe  ? 

Hoft.  Ay  y  but  peace,  let's  hear  *em. 

SONG.  j 

Who  is  Silvia  ?  what  is  (he, 

"that  all  our  /wains  commend  her  T 

Holyy  fair  and  wife  is  Jhe^ 

The  heaven  fuch  grace  did  tend  Bery 
That  Jhe  might  admired  be. 

Is  Jhe  kindy  as  Jhe  is  fair  ? 

For  beauty  lives  with  kindnefs.- 
Love  doth  U  her  eyes  repair* 

To  help  him  of  his  blmdnefs  : 

And  being  helpydy  inhibits  there* 

Then  Silvia  let  us  ftng^ 

That  Silvia  is  excelling  * 
She  excels  each  mortal  thing 

Upon  the  dull  earth  dwelling  : 
Te  her  let  us  garlands  bring. 

Hoft.  How  now  ?  are  you  fadder  than  you  were  be- 
fore? how  do  you,  man?  the  mufick  likes  you  not. 

Jul.  You  mi  (lake  j  the  mufician  likes  me  not. 

Hoft.  Why,  my  pretty  youth? 

Jul   He  plays  falfe,  father. 

Hoft.  How,  out  of  tune  on  the  firings  ? 

Jul.  Not  fo  j  but  yet  fo  falfe,  that  he  grieves  my 
very  heart- firings, 

Hoft.  You  have  a  quick  ear. 

Jul.  Ay,  I  would  i  were  deaf  *  it  makes  me  have  a 
Jow  heart. 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.     20  $ 

Hoft.  I  perceive,  you  delight  not  in  mufick. 

Jul.  Not  a  whit,  when  it  jars  fo. 

Hoft.  Hark,  what  fine  change  is  in  the  mufick. 

Jul.  Ay  }  that  change  is  the  fpight. 

Hoft.  You  would  have  them  always  play  but  one 
thing  ? 

Jul.  I  would  always  have  one  play  but  one  thing. 
But,  hoft,  doth  this  Sir  Protbeus,  that  we  talk  on, 
Often  refort  unto  this  gentlewoman  ? 

Hoft.  I  tell  you  what  Launct,  his  man,  told  me,  he 
lov'd  her  out  of  all  nick. 

Jul.  Where  is  Launce  ? 

Hoft.  Gone  to  feek  his  dog,  which  to  morrow,  by 
Jiis  matter's  command,  he  muft  carry  for  a  prefent  ^d 
his  lady. 

Jul.   Peace,  ftand  afide,  the  company  parts. 

Pro.  Sir  Thurio,  fear  not  you  j  I  will  fo  plead, 
That  you  (hall  fay,  my  cunning  drift  excels. 

%bu.  Where  meet  we? 

Pro.  At  St.  Gregory's  well. 

Tbu.  Farewel.  [£#.  Thu.  ani  Mufick. 

Silvia,  ahove^  at  her  Window. 

Pro.  Madam,  good  even  to  your  ladyfhtp. 

Sil.  I  thank  you  for  your  mufick,  gentlemen; 
Who  is  that,  that  fpake? 

Pro.  One,  lady,  if  you  knew  his  pure  heart's  truth, 
You'd  quickly  learn  to  know  him  by  his  voice. 

Sil.  Sir  ProtbeuSj  as  I  take  it. 

Pro.  Sir  Protbeusy  gentle  lady,  and  your  fervant, 

Sil.  What  is  your  will  ? 

Pro.  That  I  may  compafs  yours. 

Sil.  You  have  your  wifh  5  my  will  is  even  this, 
That  prefently  you  hie  you  home  to  bed. 
Thou  fubtle,  perjur'd,  falfe,  difloyal  man! 
Think'ft  thou,  I  am  fo  ihallow,  fo  conceitlefs, 
To  be  feduced  by  thy  flattery, 
That  haft  deceiv'd  fo  many  with  thy  vows  ? 
Return,  return,  and  make  thy  love  amends, 
for  rne,  by  this  pale  Queen  of  night,  I  fwear. 


2,04    The  Two  Gentlemen  0/ Verona. 

I  am  fo  far  from  granting  thy  requeft, 
That  I  defpife  thee  for  thy  wrongful  fuitj 
And,  by  and  by,  intend  to  chide  my  felf, 
Ev'n  for  this  time  I  fpend  in  talking  to  thee. 

Pro.  I  grant,  fweet  love,  that  I  did  love  a  lady* 
But  fhe  is  dead. 

Jul.  [Jfide.~]  'Twere  falfe,  if  I  fhould  fpeafc.  it* 
For,  I  am  fure,  flie  is  not  buried. 

Sil.  Say,  that  flie  be 5  yet  Valentine^  thy  friend, 
Survives  j  to  whom,  thy  felf  art  witnefs, 
I  am  betroath'dj  and  art  thou  not  afham'd 
To  wrong  him  with  thy  importunacy  ? 

Pro.  I  likewife  hear,  that  Valentine  is  dead. 

Sil.  And  fo,  fuppofe,  am  I  *  for  in  his  grave, 
AfTure  thy  felf,  my  love  is  buried. 

Pro.  Sweet  lady,  let  me  rake  it  from  the  earth. 

Sil.  Go  to  thy  lady's  grave  and  call  her  thence, 
Or,  at  the  leaft,  in  hers  fepulchre  thine. 

Jul.  \_Afide^\  He  heard  not  that. 

Pro.  Madam,  if  your  heart  be  fo  obdurate, 
Vouchafe  me  yet  your  picture  for  my  love,  ' 
The  picture  that  is  hanging  in  your  chamber: 
To  that  I'll  fpeak,  to  that  I'll  figh  and  weep  : 
For  fince  the  fubftance  of  your  perfect  felf 
Is  elfe  devoted,  I  am  but  a  fhadow  5 
And  to  your  fhadow  will  I  make  true  love/ 

Jul.  \Afide7±  If  'twere  a  fubftance,  you  would,  fure, 
deceive  it, 
And  make  it  but  a  fhadow,  as  I  am. 

Sil.  I'm  very  loath  to  be  your  Idol,  Sir  5 
But  fince  your  falfhood  fhall  become  you  well 
To  worfliip  fhadows,  and  adore  falfe  mapes  j 
Send  to  me  in  the  morning,  and  I'll  fend  it: 
And  fo,  good  reft. 

Pro.  As  wretches  have  o'er  night, 
That  wait  for  execution  in  the  morn. 

[Exe.  Pro.  and  Sil. 

Jul.  Holt,  will  you  go  ? 

Heft.  By  my  hallidom,  I  was  faft  afleep. 

Jul.  Pray  you,  where  lies  SixProtheus? 

Hoft. 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.    205 

Ho  ft.  Marry,  at  my  houfe :  truft  me,  I  think,  'tis  al- 
mod  day. 

Jul.  Not  fo ;  but  it  hath  been  the  longeft  night 
That  e'er  I  watch'd,  and  the  moll  heavieft.     [Exeunt. 

Enter  Eglamour. 

Egl.  This  is  the  hour  that  madam  Silvia 
Entreated  me  to  call,  and  know  her  mind : 
There's  fome  great  matter  fhe'd  employ  me  in. 
Madam,  madam ! 

Silvia  above,  at  her  Window, 

Sil.  Who  calls? 

Egl.  Your  fervant,   and  your  friend} 
One  that  attends  your  ladyfhip's  command. 

Sil.  Sir  Eglamour,  a  thoufand  times  good  mornrvf. 

Egl.  As  many,  worthy  lady,  to  your  felf: 
According  to  your  ladyfhip's  impofe, 
I  am  thus  early  come,  to  know  what  fervice 
It  is  your  pleafure  to  command  me  in. 

Sil.  Oh  Eglamour ',  thou  art  a  gentleman, 
(Think  not  I  flatter,  for,  I  fwear,  1  do  not,) 
Valiant  and  wife,  remorfeful,  well  accompliuVd  * 
Thou  art  not  ignorant,  what  dear  good  will 
I  bear  unto  the  banifh'd  Valentine  j 
Nor  how  my  father  would  enforce  me  marry 
Vain  Thurio,  whom  my  very  foul  abhorr'd. 
Thy  felf  haft  lov'd  -,  and  I  have  heard  thee  fay? 
No  grief  did  ever  come  fo  near  thy  heart, 
As  when  thy  lady  and  thy  true  love  dy'd  j 
Upon  whofe  grave  thou  vow'dft  pure  chaftity. 
Sir  Eglamour,  I  would  to  Valentine, 
To  Mantua t  where,  I  hear,  he  makes  abode  : 
And,  for  the  ways  are  dangerous  to  pafs, 
I  do  defire  thy  worthy  company  j 
Upon  whofe  faith  and  honour  I  repofe. 
Urge  not  my  father's  anger,  Eglamour ; 
But  think  upon  my  grief,  a  lady's  grief  j 
And  on  the  juftice  of  my  flying  hence  $ 
To  keep  me  from  a  moft  unholy  match^ 

Which 


io6     The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Which  heav'n  and  fortune  ftill  reward  with  plagues : 

I  do  defire  thee,  even  from  a  heart 

As  full  of  forrows  as  the  fea  of  fandsj 

To  bear  me  company,  and  go  with  me : 

If  not,  to  hide  what  I  have  faid  to  thee, 

That  I  may  venture  to  depart  alone. 

Egl.  Madam,  I  pity  much  your  grievances  $ 
Which,  fince,  I  know,  they  virtuoufly  are  plac'd, 
I  give  confent  to  go  along  with  you  j 
Recking  as  little  what  betideth  me, 
As  much  I  wifh  all  good  befortune  you. 
When  will  you  go  ? 

SiL  This  evening  coming. 

Egl.  Where  fhall  I  meet  you  ? 

SiL  At  friar  Patrick's  cell  5 
Where  I  intend  holy  confeffion. 

Egl.  I  will  not  fail  your  ladyfhip : 
Good  morrow,  gentle  lady. 

SiL  Good  morrow,  kind  Sir  Eglamour.         [Exeunt* 

Enter  Launce  with  his  dog. 

When  a  man's  fervant  fhall  play  the  cur  with  him, 
look  you,  it  goes  hard  :  one  that  I  brought  up  of  a 
puppy,  one  that  I  fav'd  from  drowning,  when  three 
or  four  of  his  blind  brothers  and  filters  went  to  it  !  I 
have  taught  him,  even  as  one  would  fay  precifely,  thus 
I  would  teach  a  dog.  (if)  I  went  to  deliver  him,  as 
a  prefent  to  miftrels  Silvia  from  my  mafterj  and  I 
came  no  fooner  into  the  dining-chamber,  but  he  fteps 
me  to  her  trencher,  and  flreals  her  capon's  leg.  O,  'tis 
a  foul  thing,  when  a  cur  cannot  keep  himfelf  in  all 
companies !  I  would  have,  as  one  fhould  fay,  one  that 
takes  upon  him  to  be  a  dog  indeed,  to  be,  as  it  were, 

(15)  /  was  fent  to  deliver  hint  as  a  prefent.—]  Honelr.  Launce  is 
here  all  along  characterizing  his  Dog  Crab  ;  but  That  he  was  not  lent 
to  deliver  as  a  Prefent  to  Silvia.  The  Poet  therefore  could  not  be  to 
forgetful  to  make  this  Blunder.  Launce  had  loll  his  Mailer's  Dog,  and 
was  gone  in  Quell  of  him,  as  we  have  heard  from  the  Hofi :  and  we 
find  Launce  himfelf  prefently  canfeifing,  that  it  was  ibllen  by  the  Hang- 
man's boy.     So  having  loll  the  intended  Prefent,  he  1*0$  to  tender  M4 


own  Dog  in  Head  of  the  other. 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona-     207 

a  dog  at  all  things.  If  I  had  no  more  wit  than  he, 
to  take  a  fault  upon  me  that  he  did,  I  think  verily, 
he  had  been  hang'd  for't  >  fure  as  I  live,  he  had  fuf- 
fer'd  for't 5  you  fhall  judge.  He  thrufts  me  himfelf  in- 
to the  company  of  three  or  four  gentleman-like  dogs, 
under  the  Duke's  table :  he  had  not  been  there  (blefs 
the  mark)  a  puling  while,  but  all  the  chamber  fmelt 
him.  Out  with  the  dog,  fays  one*  what  cur  is  that  ? 
fays  another  5  whip  him  out,  fays  the  third*  hang  him 
up,  fays  the  Duke.  J,  having  been  acquainted  with 
the  fmell  before,  knew  it  was  Crab^  and  goes  me  to  the 
fellow  that  whips  the  dogs  5  Friend,  quoth  I,  you  mean 
to  whip  the  dog?  Ay,  marry,  do  I,  quoth  he.  You 
do  him  the  more  wrong,  quoth  I  j  'twas  I  did  the 
thing  you  wot  of.  He  makes  no  more  ado,  but  whips 
me  out  of  the  chamber.  How  many  matters  would  do 
this  for  their  fervant  ?  nay,  I'll  be  fworn,  I  have  fat  in 
the  flocks  for  the  puddings  he  hath  ftoll'n,  otherwife 
he  had  been  executed  -,  I  have  flood  on  the  pillory  for 
the  geefe  he  hath  kill'd,  otherwife  he  had  fuffer'd  for't. 
Thou  think'ft  not  of  this  now.  Nay,  I  remember  the 
trick  you  ferv'd  me,  when  I  took  my  leave  of  Madam 
Silvia ,  did  not  I  bid  thee  ftill  mark  me,  and  do  as  I 
d3?  when  didft  thou  fee  me  heave  up  my  leg,  and 
make  water  againft  a  gentlewoman's  farthingale?  didft 
thou  ever  fee  me  do  fuch  a  trick  ? 

Enter  Protheus  and  Julia. 

Pro.  Sehaftian  is  thy  name  ?  I  like  thee  well  $ 
And  will  imploy  thee  in  fome  fervice  prefently. 

Jul.  In  what  you  pleafe;  I'll  do,  Sir,  what  I  can. 

Pro.  I  hope,  thou  wilt.  —  How  now,  you  whorefon 
peafant, 
Where  have  you  been  thefe  two  days  loitering  ? 

Laun.  Marry,  Sir,  I  carry'd  miflrefs  Silvia  the  dog, 
you  bad  me. 

Pro.  And  what  fays  fhe  to  my  little  jewel  ? 

Laun.  Marry,  fhe  fays,  your  dog  was  a  cur  ;  and 
tells  you,  currifh  thanks  is  good  enough  for  fuch  a 
prefent. 

Pro. 


2,o 8    The  Two  Gentlemen  0/ Verona* 

Pro.  But  fhe  receiv'd  my  dog? 

Latin.  No,  indeed,  fhe  did  not :  here  have  I  brought 
him  back  again. 

Pro.  What,  didft  thou  offer  her  this  from  me  ? 

Laun.  Ay,  Sir  j  the  other  fquirrel  was  floll'n  from 
me  by  the  hangman's  boy  in  the  market-place  -9  and 
then  I  offer'd  her  mine  own,  who  is  a  dog  as  big  as 
ten  of  yours,  and  therefore  the  gift  the  greater. 

Pro.  Go,  get  thee  hence,  and  find  my  dog  again, 
Or  ne'er  return  again  into  my  fight  : 
Away,  I  fay  5  Hay 'ft  thou  to  vex  me  here? 
A  flave,  that,  ftill  an  end,  turns  me  to  fhame. 

[Exit  Laun; 
Sehaftian,  I  have  entertained  thee, 
Partly,  that  I  have  need  of  fuch  a  youth  $ 
That  can  with  fome  difcretion  do  my  bufihefs : 
(For  'tis  no  trufting  to  yon  foolifh  lowt :) 
But,  chiefly,  for  thy  face  and  thy  behaviour  5 
Which,  if  my  augury  deceive  me  not, 
Witnefs  good  bringing  up,  fortune  and  truth  : 
Therefore  know  thou,  for  this  I  entertain  thee. 
Go  prefently,  and  take  this  ring  with  thee* 
Deliver  it  to  Madam  Silvia. 
She  lov'd  me  well,  deliver'd  it  to  me. 

Jul.  It  feems,  you  lov*d  not  her,  to  leave  her  token  i 
She's  dead,  belike. 

Pro.  Not  fo :  I  think,  fhe  lives. 

Jul.  Alas! 

Pro.  Why  do'ft  thou  cry,  alas  ? 

Jul.  I  cannot  chufe  but  pity  hen 

Pro.  Wherefore  fliouldft  thou  pity  her? 

Jul.  Becaufe,  methinks,  that  fhe  lov'd  you  as  well 
As  you  do  love  your  lady  Silvia : 
She  dreams  on  him,  that  has  forgot  her  love  5 
You  doat  on  her,  that  cares  not  for  your  love. 
aTis  pity,  love  mould  be  fo  contrary  > 
And,  thinking  on  it,  makes  me  cry,  alas ! 

Pro.  Well,  give  her  that  ring,  and  give  therewithal 
This  letter j  that's  her  chamber:  tell  my  lady, 
I  claim  the  promife  for  he.r  heav'nly  pi&ure. 

1  Your 


Tfoe  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verbnl     io> 

Your  meflage  done,  hye  home  unto  my  chamber, 
Where  thou  fhalt  find  me  fad  and  folitary.     {Ex.  Pro.' 
Jul.   How  many  women  would  do  fuch  a  meffage? 
Alas,  poor  Protheus,  thou  haft  entertained 
A  fox  to  be  the  ihepherd  of  thy  lambs  : 
Alas,  poor  fool,  why  do  I  pity  him, 
That  with  his  very  heart  defpifeth  me  ? 
Becaufe  he  loves  her,  he  defpifeth  me  j 
Becaufe  I  love  him,  I  muft  pity  him: 
This  Ring  I  gave  him,  when  he  parted  from  mej 
To  bind  him  to  remember  my  good  will. 
And  now  I  am,  unhappy  meffenger, 
To  plead  for  that,  which  I  would  not  obtain  j 
To  carry  that,  which  I  would  have  refused  -, 
To  praife  his  faith,  which  I  would  have  difprais'd. 
I  am  my  matter's  true  confirmed  love, 
But  cannot  be  true  fervant  to  my  mattery 
Unlefs  I  proVe  falfe  traitor  to  my  felf. 
Yet  will  I  woo  for  him^  but  yet  fo  coldly, 
As,  heav'n  it  knows,   I  would  not  have  him  fpeed. 

Enter  Silvia. 

Lady,  good  day  j  I  pray  you,  be  my  Mean 

To  bring  me  where  to  fpeak  with  Madam  Silvia. 

Sil.  What  would  you  with  her,  if  that  I  be  the? 

Jul.  If  you  be  ihe,  I  do  intreat  your  patience 
To  hear  me  fpeak  the  mefTage  I  am  fent  on. 

Sil.  From  whom  ? 

Jul.  From  my  mafter  Sir  Protheus,  Madam; 

Sil.  Oh !  he  fends  you  for  a  picture  ? 

Jul  Ay,  Madam. 

Sil.  Urfuk)  bring  my  picture  there. 
Go,  give  your  matter  this :  tell  him  from  me$ 
One  Julian  that  his  changing  thoughts  forget* 
Would  better  fit  his  chamber  than  this  fhadow. 

Jul.  Madam,  may't  pleafe  you  to  perufe  this  letter. 
Pardon  me,  Madam,  I  have  unadvis'd 
Deliver'd  you  a  paper  that  I  fhould  not  5 
This  is  the  letter  to  your  ladyfhip. 

Sil.  1  pray  thee,  let  me  look  on  that  again. 

Vol    I,  P  Jul 


%  i  o    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Jul.  It  may  not  be  5  good  Madam,  pardon  me. 

Sil.  There,  hold  5 
I  will  not  look  upon  your  mailer's  lines  ; 
I  know,  they're  ftufft  with  proteftations, 
And  full  of  new-found  oaths  >  which  he  will  break, 
As  eafily  as  I  do  tear  his  paper. 

Jul.  Madam,  he  fends  your  lady  {hip  this  ring. 

Sil.  The  more  fhame  for  him,  that  he  fends  it  me  % 
For,  I  have  heard  him  fay  a  thoufand  times, 
His  Julia  gave  it  him  at  his  departure : 
Tho'  hisfalfe  finger  have  prophan'd  the  ring, 
Mine  fhall  not  do  his  Julia  fo  much  wrong. 

Jul.  She  thanks  you. 

Sil.  Whatfay'ft  thou? 

Jul.  I  thank  you,   Madam,  that  you  tender  her 5 
Poor  gentlewoman,  my  maltev  wrongs  her  much.  . 

Sil.  Doft  thou  know  her  ? 

Jul.  Almoft  as  well,  as  I  do  know  my  felf. 
To  think  upon  her  woes,  I  do  proteft, 
That  I  have  wept  an  hundred  feveral  times. 

Sil.  Belike,  fhe  thinks,  that  Protheus  hath  forfook  her. 

Jul.  I  think,  fhe  doth  5  and  that's  her  caufeof  forrow. 

Sil.  Is  fhe  not  paffing  fair  ? 

Jul.  She  hath  been  fairer,  Madam,  than  fhe  is : 
When  fhe  did  think,  my  mafter  lov'd  her  well, 
She,  in  my  judgment,  was  as  fair  as  you. 
But  fince  "fhe  did  negleft  her  looking-glafs, 
And  threw  her  fun-expelling  mafque  away  j 
The  air  hath  ftarv'd  the  rofes  in  her  cheeks, 
And  pinch'd  the  lilly-tin&ure  of  her  face, 
That  now  fhe  is  become  as  black  as  I. 

Sil.  How  tall  was  fhe  ? 

Jul.  About  my  flature :  for  at  Pentecojl,^ 

When  ail  our  pageants  of  delight  were  plaid, 

Our  youth  got  me  to  play  the  woman's  part, 

And  I  was  trim'd  in  Madam  Julia's  gown  j 

Which  ferved  me  as  fit,  by  all  mens  judgments, 

As  if  the  garment  had  been  made  for  me; 

There  ore,  I  know,  fhe  is  about  my  height. 

And  at  that  time  1  made  her  weep  a-good, 

For 


The  Two  Gentlemen  ofVeioha.     ni 

For  I  did  play  a  lamentable  Part. 
Madam,  'twas  Ariadne ',  paflioning 
For  Fhefeus9  perjury  and  unjuft  flight  $ 
Which  I  fo  lively  acted  with  my  tears, 
That  my  poor  miftrefs,  moved  therewithal, 
Wept  bitterly  5  and,  would  I  might  be  dead, 
If  I  in  thought  felt  not  her  very  forrow  ! 

Sil.  She  is  beholden  to  thee,  gentle  youth. 
Alas,  poor  lady  !  defolate  and  left ! 
I  wept  my  felf,  to  think  upon  thy  words. 
Here,  youth,  there  is  my  purfej  I  give  thee  this 
For  thy  fweet  miftrefs'  fake,  becaufe  thou  lov'ft  her. 
Farewel.  [Exit  Silvia. 

Jul.  And  fhe  fhall  thank  you  for't,  if  e'er  you  know 
her. 
A  virtuous  gentlewoman,  mild  and  beautiful. 
I  hope,  my  matter's  fuit  will  be  but  cold  j 
Since  ftie  refpects  my  miftrefs'  love  fo  much. 
Alas !  how  love  can  trifle  with  it  felf! 
Here  is  her  picture  j  let  me  fee  $  I  think^ 
If  1  had  fuch  a  tire,  this  face  of  mine 
Were  full  as  lovely  as  is  this  of  hers : 
And  yet  the  Painter  flatter'd  her  a  little, 
Unlefs  1  flatter  with  my  felf  too  much. 
Her  hair  is  auburn,  mine  is  perfect  yellow. 
If  that  be  all  the  difference  in  his  love, 
I'll  get  me  fuch  a  colour'd  perriwig. 
Her  eyes  are  grey  as  Glafs,  and  fo  are  mine  5  (16) 
Ay,  but  her  forehead's  low,  and  mine  is  high. 
What  fhould  it  be,  that  he  refpecbs  in  her,     . 
But  I  can  make  refpe&ive  in  my  felf, 
If  this  fond  love  were  not  a  blinded  god  ? 
Come,  fhadow,  come  5  and  take  this  fhadow  up  $ 
For  'tis  thy  rival.     O  thou  fenfelefs  form, 
Thou  fhalt  be  worfhip'd,  kifs'd,  lov'd  and  ador'd  $ 

(16)  Her  Eyes  are  grey  as  Grafs.]     Mr.  Ronve   and   Mr.   Popes  Edi- 
tions, for  what  Reafon  I  know  not,  vary  from  the  old  Copies,  which 
kave  it  rightly,  Glafs.     So  Chaucer,  in  the  Character  of  his  Priorefs » 
Full  femely  her  Wimple  pinchid  <vuas, 
Her  Nofe  was  tretes,  her  Eyen  grey  as  Glafs, 

P  z  And 


1 1 1 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 


And  were  there  fenfe  in  his  idolatry, 

My  fubftance  mould  be  ftatue  in  thy  (lead. 

I'll  ufe  thee  kindly  for  thy  miftrefs'  fake, 

That  us'd  me  fo>  or  elfe,  by  Jove  I  vow, 

I  mould  have  fcratch'd  out  your  unfeeing  eyes, 

To  make  my  mafter  out  of  love  with  thee.  [Exit. 


A    C     T      V. 

S  C  E  N  E,  near  the  Friar's  Cell,  in  Milan. 

Enter  Eglamour. 

Eg  LAM  OUR. 

TH  E  fun  begins  to  gild  the  weftern  sky, 
And  now  it  is  about  the  very  hour 
Silvias  at  Friar  Patrick's  cell,  mould  meet  me. 
She  will  not  fail  5  for  lovers  break  not  hours, 
Unlefs  it  be  to  come  before  their  time  : 
So  much  they  ipur  their  expedition. 
See,  where  irie  comes.     Lady,  a  happy  evening. 

Enter  Silvia. 

SiL  Amen,  Amen!  Go  on,  good  Eglamour ', 
Out  at  the  poftern  by  the  Abby-wallj 
I  fear,  I  am  attended  by  fome  fpies. 

EgL  Fear  not}  the  foreft  is  not  three  leagues  off* 
If  we  recover  that,  we're  fure  enough.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE    changes    to  an  Apartment  in  the 

"Duke's  T  a  lace. 

Enter  Thurio,  Protheus,  and  Julia. 

Thu.  Sir  Protheus,  what  fays  Silvia  to  my  fuit? 
Pro.  Oh,  Sir,  I  find  her  milder  than  me  was, 
And  yet  [he  takes  exceptions  at  your  perfon. 

Thu. 


The  Two  Gentlemen  0/ Verona.    2.1 5 

fhu.  What,  that  my  leg  is  too  long? 

Pro.  No  •,  that  it  is  too  little. 

7*bu.  I'll  wear  a  boot  to  make  it  fomewhat  rounder. 

Pro.  But  love  will  not  be  fpurr'd  to  what  it  loaths. 

^thu.  What  fays  flie  to  my  face? 

Pro.  She  fays,  it  is  a  fair  one. 

tfhu.  Nay,  then  the  wanton  lies  3  my  face  is  black. 

Pro.  But  pearls  are  fair ;  and  the  old  faying  is, 
"  Black  men  are  pearls  in  beauteous  ladies  eyes. 

Jul.  'Tis  true,  fuch  pearls  as  put  out  ladies  eves  5 
For  I  had  rather  wink,  than  look  on  them.  [_Afide. 

Thu.  How  likes  {he  my  difcourfe? 

Pro.  Ill,  when  you  talk  of  war, 

fhu.  But  well,  when  I  difcourfe  of  love  and  peace  ? 

Jul.  But  better,  indeed,  when  you  hold  your  peace. 

fthu.  What  (ays  fhe  to  my  valour? 

Pro.  Oh,   Sir,  fhe  makes  no  doubt  of  that. 

Jul.  She  needs  not,  when  fhe  knows  it  cowardice. 

uiu.  What  fays  fhe  to  my  birth? 

Pro.  That  you  are  well  deriv'd. 

Jul.  True-v  from  a  gentleman  to  a  fool. 

tthu.  Confiders  fhe  my  pofTeffions  ? 

Pro.  Oh,  av,  and  pities  them. 

Thu.  Wherefore? 

Jul.  That  fuch  an  afs  fhould  own  them. 

Pro.  That  they  are  out  by  leafe. 

Jul.  Here  comes  the  Duke. 

Enter  Duke. 

Duke.  How  now,  Sir  Protheus?  how  now,  ThurieJ 
Which  of  you  faw  Sir  Eglamour  of  late? 

Tbu.  Not  I. 

Pro.  Nor  I. 

Duke.  Saw  you  my  daughter? 

Pro.  Neither. 

Duke.  Why  then 
She's  fled  unto  that  peafant  Valentine  \ 
And  Eglamour  is  in  her  company. 
'Tis  true  -y  for  Friar  Laurence  met  them  both, 
As  he  in  penance  wander'd  through  the  foreit: 

P   3  Him 


%  14    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

Him  he  knew  well   and  guefs'd  that  it  was  {he* 

But,  being  mask'd,  he  was  not  fure  of  it. 

Befides3  {he  did  intend  confeffion 

At  Patrick's  cell  this  Ev'n,  and  there  fhe  was  not : 

Thefe  likelihoods  confirm  her  flight  from  hence. 

Therefore,  I  pray  you,  (land  not  to  difcourfe, 

But  mount  you  prefently,  and  meet  with  me 

Upon  the  riling  of  the  mountain-foot 

That  leads  tow'rds  Mantua^  whither  they  are  fled. 

Difpatch,  fweet  gentlemen,  and  follow  me.  [Exit  Duke. 

Thu.  Why,  this  it  is  to  be  a  peevifh  girl, 
That  flies  her  fortune  where  it  follows  her  : 
I'll  after,  more  to  be  reveng'd  of  Eglamour^ 
Than  for  the  love  of  recklefs  Silvia. 

Pro.  And  I  will  follow,  more  for  Silvia's  love. 
Than  hate  of  Eglamour  that  goes  with  her. 

Jul.  And  I  will  follow,  more  to  crofs  that  love, 
'  Than  hate  for  Silvia^  that  is  gone  for  love.      [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Forest. 

Enter  Silvia  and  Out-laws. 

Out.  f~^  QME,  come,  be  patient  5  we  muft  bring  you 
%^j   to  our  Captain. 
Sih  A  thoufand  more  mifchances,  than  this  one, 
Have  learn'd  me  how  to  brook  this  patiently. 

2  Out.  Come,  bring  her  away. 

1  Out.  Where  is  the  gentleman,  that  was  with  her? 

3  Out.  Being  nimble  footed,  he  hath  out-run  us  3 
But  Moyfes  and  Valerius  follow  him. 

Go  thou  with  her  to  th'weft  end  of  the  wood, 
There  is  our  captain:  follow  him,  that's  fled. 
The  thicket  is  befet,  he  cannot  'fcape. 

1  Out,  Come,  I  mull  bring  you  to  our  captain's  cave, 
Fear  not  5  he  bears  an  honourable  mind, 
And  will  not  ufe  a  woman  lawlefsly. 

SiL  O  Valentine!  this  I  endure  for  thee.       [Exeunt. 


SCENE 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona.    215 

SCENE,  the  Out-law's  Cave  in  ^Forest. 

Enter  Valentine. 

VaL  TJ  O  W  ufe  doth  breed  a  habit  in  a  man! 

JLJL  This  fhadowy  defart,  unfrequented  woods, 
I  better  brook  than  flourifhing  peopled  towns. 
Here  can  I  fit  alone,  unfeen  of  any, 
And  to  the  nightingale's  complaining  notes 
Tune  my  diftrefTes,  and  record  my  woes. 
O  thou,  that  doft  inhabit  in  my  breait, 
Leave  not  the  manfion  fo  long  tenantlefs  j 
Left,  growing  ruinous,  the  building  fall, 
And  leave  no  memory  of  what  it  was. 
Repair  me  with  thy  prefence,  Silvia  3 
Thou  gentle  nymph,  cherifh  thy  forlorn  fwain. 
What  hallo'ing,  and  what  ftir  is  this  to  day? 
Thefe  are  my  mates,  that  make  their  wills  their  law. 
Have  fome  unhappy  paflenger  in  chafe. 
They  love  me  well,  yet  I  have  much  to  do 
To  keep  them  from  uncivil  outrages. 
Withdraw  thee,  Valentine :  who's  this  comes  here  ? 

Enter  Protheus,  Silvia,  and  Julia. 

Pro.  Madam,  this  fervice  have  I  done  for  you. 
(Tho'  you  refpecl  not  ought  your  fervant  doth) 
To  hazard  life,  and  refcue  you  from  him, 
That  wou'd  have  forc'd  your  honour  and  your  love. 
Vouchfafe  me  for  my  meed  but  one  fair  look: 
A  fmaller  boon  than  this  I  cannot  beg, 
And  lefs  than  this,  I'm  fure,  you  cannot  give. 

VaL  How  like  a  dream  is  this,  I  fee,  and  hear? 
Love,  lend  me  patience  to  forbear  a  while.  \jlfide. 

SiL  O  miferable,  unhappy  that  I  am ! 

Pro.  Unhappy  were  you,   Madam,  ere  I  came 3 
But  by  my  coming  I  have  made  you  happy. 

SiL  By  thy  approach  thou  mak'ft  me  moft  unhappy. 

JuL  And  me,  when  he  approacheth  to  your  prefence. 

[_4fide. 

P  4  SiL 


%  i  &    The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

SIL  Had  I  been  feized  by  a  hungry  lion, 
I  would  have  been  a  break  fa  ft:  to  the  beaft, 
Rather  than  have  fvXk.  Protheus  refcue  mc. 
Oh,  heav'n  be  judge,  how  I  love  Valmtiney 
Whofe  life's  as  tender  to  me  as  my  foul  > 
And  full  as  much,  for  more  there  cannot  be, 
I  do  deteft  falfe  perjur'd  Protheus: 
Therefore  be  gone,  follicit  me  no  more. 

Pro.  What  dang'rous  aftion,  flood  it  next  to  death, 
Would  I  not  undergo  for  one  calm  look  ? 
Oh,  'tis  the  curie  in  love,  and  ftill  approv'd, 
When  women  cannot  love,  where  they're  belov'd. 

Sil.  When  Protheus  cannot  love,  where  he's  belov'd. 
Read  over  Julia's  heart,  thy  fir  ft  beft  love, 
For  whofe  dear  fake  thou  then  didft  rend  thy  faith 
Into  a  thoufand  oaths  3  and  all  thofe  oaths 
Defcended  into  perjury,  to  love  me. 
Thou  haft  no  faith  left  now,  unlefs  thou'dft  two, 
And  that's  far  worfe  than  none:  better  have  none 
Than  plural  faith,  which  is  too  much  by  one. 
Thou  counterfeit  to  thy  true  friend ! 

Pro.  In  love. 
Who  refpects  friend? 

Sil.  All  men  but  Protheus. 

Prd..  Nay,  if  the  gentle  fpirit  of  moving  words 
Can  no  way  change  you  to  a  milder  form* 
I'll  move  you  like  a  foldier,  at  arms  end, 
And  love  you  'gainft  the  nature  of  love  5  force  yc. 

Sil.  Oh  heav'n ! 

Pro.  I'll  force  thee  yield  to  my  defire. 

Fal  Ruffian,  let  go  that  rude  uncivil  touch, 
Thou  friend  of  an  ill  fafhion ! 

Pro.  Valentine!- 

Fal.Thou  common  friend,  that's  without  faith  or  love  y 
For  fuch  is  a  friend  now:  thou  treach'rous  man! 
Thou  haft  beguil'd  my  hopes  5  nought  but  mine  eye, 
Could  have  perfuaded  me.     Now  1  dare  not  fay, 
I  have  one  friend,  alive  >  thou  wouldft  difprove  me. 
Who  mould  be  trufted  now,  when  the  right  hand 
Is  perjur'd  to  the  boibm?  Protheus^ 


fTbe  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona,     z  1 7 

I'm  forry,  I  muft  never  truft  thee  more, 

But  count  the  world  a  flranger  for  thy  lake. 

The  private  wound  is  deepeft.  Oh  time,  molt  accurft! 

'Mongft  all  foes,  that  a  friend  fhould  be  the  worft! 

Pro.  My  fhame  and  guilt  confound  me  : 
Forgive  me,  Valentines  if  hearty  forrow 
Be  a  fufficient  ranfom  for  offence, 
I  tender't  here  5  I  do  as  truly  fuffer, 
As  e'er  I  did  commit. 

Val.  Then  I  am  paid  : 
And  once  again  I  do  receive  thee  honeft. 
Who  by  repentance  is  not  fatisfy'd, 
Is  nor  of  heav'n,  nor  earth  \  for  thefe  are  pleas'd  * 
By  penitence  th'  Eternal's  wrath's  appeas'd. 
And  that  my  love  may  appear  plain  and  free, 
All,  that  was  mine  in  Silvia^  I  give  thee. 

Jul.  Oh  me  unhappy !  [Swoons. 

Pro.  Look  to  the  boy. 

Val.  Why,  boy!  how  now?  what's  the  nutter? 
look  up  j  fpeak. 

Jul.  O  good  Sir,  my  matter  charg'd  me  to  deliver 
a  ring  to  Madam  Silvia^  which,  out  of  my  neglect,  was 
never  done. 

Pro.  Where  is  that  ring,  boy? 

Jul.  Here  'tis :  this  is  it. 

Pro.  How  ?  let  me  fee  : 
This  is  the  ring  I  gave  to  Julia. 

Jul.  Oh,  cry  you  mercy,  Sir,  I  have  miftook  y 
This  is  the  ring  you  fent  to  Silvia. 

Pro.  How  cam'ft  thou  by  this  ring  ?  at  my  depart, 
I  gave  this  unto  Julia. 

Jul.  And  Julia  her  felf  did  give  it  me. 
And  Julia  her  felf  hath  brought  it  hither. 

Pro.  How,  Julia  ? 

Jul.  Behold  her  that  gave  aim  to  all  thy  oaths, 
And  entertain'd  'em  deeply  in  her  heart : 
How  oft  haft  thou  with  perjury  cleft  the  root  ? 
Oh  ProtheuS)  let  this  habit  make  thee  blufh! 
Be  thou  afham'd,  that  I  have  took  upon  me 
Such  an  immodeft  rayment  :  if  fhame  live 

In 


%  i  8     The  Two  Gentlemen  of  Verona. 

In  a  difguife  of  love. 


It  is  the  leffer  blot,   modefly  finds, 

Women  to  change  their  Shapes,  than  men  their  minds. 

Pro.  Than  men  their  minds?  'tis  true  j  oh  heav'n! 
were  man 
But  conftant,  he  were  perfect  $  that  one  error 
Fills  him  with  faults  j  makes  him  run  through  all  fins : 
Inconftancy  falls  off,  ere  it  begins. 
What  is  in  Silvia's  face,  but  I  may  fpy 
More  frefh  in  Julia's  with  a  conftant  eye? 

Val.  Come,  come,  a  hand  from  either  : 
Let  me  be  bleft  to  make  this  happy  Clofe  j 
'Twere  pity,  two  fuch  friends  mould  long  be  foes. 

Pro.  Bear  witnefs,  heav'n,  I  have  my  wifh  for  ever. 

Jul.  And  I  mine. 

Enter  Out-laws,  with  Duke  and  Thurio. 

Out.  A  prize,  a  prize,  a  prize  ! 

Val.  Forbear,  forbear,  it  is  my  lord  the  Duke. 
Your  Grace  is  welcome  to  a  man  difgrac'd. 
The  b.mifh'd  Valentine. 

Duke.  Sir  Valentine  ? 

Thu.  Yonder  is  Silvia :  and  Silvia's  mine. 

Val.  Thurio^  give  back  >  or  elfe  embrace  thy  death : 
Come  not  within  the  meafure  of  my  wrath. 

Do  not  name  Silvia  thine  \  if  once  again, 

Milan  mail  not  behold  thee.     Here  me  ftands,  (17) 

Take  but  poffeffion  of  her  with  a  touch  \ 

I  dare  thee  but  to  breath  upon  my  love,  — 

Thu.  Sir  Valentine  1  I  care  not  for  her,  I. 
I  hold  him  but  a  fool,  that  will  endanger 
His  body  for  a  girl  that  loves  him  not. 
I  claim  her  not  \  and  therefore  fhe  is  thine. 

(17}  Verona A*#  not  hold  thee.']  Thus  all  the  Editions,  but,  whether 
tW'the  Miftake  of  the  nrtf  Editors,  or  the  Poet1  s  own  Carelefsnefs,  this 
Reading  is  abfurdly  faulty.  For  the  Threat  here  is  to  Tburio,  who  is 
a  Milanefe  i  and  has  no  Concerns,  as  it  appears,  with  Verona.  Befidcs, 
the  Scene  is  betwixt  the  Confines  of  Milan,  and  Mantua,  to  which  Sit- 
in*  follows  Vahnrhte,  having  heard  that  he  had  retreated  thither.  And, 
upon  thefe  Circumftances,  I  ventur'd  to  adjuft  the  Text,  as,  1  imagine, 
the  Poet  muft  have  intended:  i.  c.  Milan,  thy  Country,  fi all  never  fee 
thee  avaw  :  thoujbalt  never  live  to  go  bad  thithir. 

Duke 


The  Two  Gentlemen  of Verona,    z  i  j 

Duke.  The  more  degenerate  and  bafe  art  thou, 
To  make  fuch  means  for  her  as  thou  haft  done, 
And  leave  her  on  fuch  flight  conditions. 
Now,  by  the  honour  of  my  anceftry, 
I  do  applaud  thy  fpirit,  Valentine^ 
And  think  thee  worthy  of  an  emprefs'  love : 
Know  then,  I  here  forget  all  former  griefs  j 
Cancel  all  grudge,  repeal  thee  home  again, 
Plead  a  new  ftate  in  thy  unrival'd  merit, 
To  which  I  thus  fubfcribe :  Sir  Valentine? 
Thou  art  a  gentleman,  and  well  deriv'd  5 
Take  thou  thy  Silvia?  for  thou  haft  deferv'd  her. 

Val.  I  thank  your  Grace  5  the  gift  hath  made  me  happy, 
I  now  befeech  you,  for  your  daughter's  fake, 
To  grant  one  boon  that  I  fliall  ask  of  you. 

Duke.  I  grant  it  for  thine  own,  whate'er  it  be. 

Val.  Thefe  banifh'd  men,  that  I  have  kept  witkal, 
Are  men  endu'd  with  worthy  qualities : 
Forgive  them  what  they  have  committed  here, 
And  let  them  be  recall'd  from  their  exile. 
They  are  reformed,  civil,  full  of  good, 
And  fit  for  great  employment,  worthy  lord. 

Duke.  Thou  haft  prevail'd,  I  pardon  them  and  thee; 
Difpofe  of  them,  as  thou  know'ft  their  deferts. 
Come,  let  us  go  5  we  will  include  all  jars 
With  triumphs,  mirth,  and  all  folemnity. 

Val.  And  as  we  walk  along,  I  dare  be  bold 
With  our  difcourfe  to  make  your  Grace  to  fmile. 
What  think  you  of  this  Page,  my  lord? 

Duke.  I  think,  the  boy  hath  grace  in  him  j  he  bluihes^ 

Val.  I  warrant  you,  my  lord,  more  grace  than  boy, 

Duke.  What  mean  you  by  that  faying? 

Val.  Pleafe  you,  I'll  tell  you  as  we  pafs  along, 
That  you  will  wonder  what  hath  fortuned. 
Come,  Protheus,  'tis  your  penance  but  to  hear 
The  itory  of  your  loves  difcovered  : 
That  done,  our  day  of  marriage  (hall  be  yours, 
Pne  feaft,  one  houfe,  oae  mutual  happinefs. 

[Exeunt  omnes. 

.j 

THE 


■   IJ      I  I  I    U  l<W<W— MOW 


THE 


MERRY  WIVES 


O    F 


WINDSOR. 


Dramatis  Perfonae. 

SIR  John  Falftaff. 

Fenton,  a  young  Gentleman  of  fmall  Fortune  ^  in  Love  'with 
Mrs.  Anne  Page. 

Shallow,  a  Country  Juftice. 

Slender,  Coufin  to  Shallow,  a  foolijh  Country  Squire* 

'      *V  >  two  Gentlemen*  dwelling  at  Windfor* 
Mr.  Ford,  3  * 

Sir  Hugh  Evans,  a  Welch  Par/on* 

Dr.  Caius,  a  French  Dottor. 

Hoft  of  the  Garter,  a  merry  talking  Fellow*. 

Bardolph,? 

Piftol,      S>  Sharper^  attending  on  Falftaff. 

Nym,       3 

Robin,  Page  to  Falftaff. 

William  Page,  a  Boy,  Son  to  Mr.  Page. 

Simple,  Servant  to  Slender. 

Rugby,  Servant  to  Dr.  Caius. 

Mrs.  Page,  Wife  to  Mr.  Page, 
Mrs.  Ford,  Wife  to  Mr.  Ford. 
Mrs.  Anne  Page,  Daughter  to  Mr.  Page*  in  Love  with 

Fenton. 
Mrs.  Quickly,  Servant  to  Dr.  Caius. 

Servants  to  Page,  Ford,  &c. 
SCENE,  Winifir  :  and  the  Parts  adjacent. 


THE 


^Merry  Wives  of  Windfor* 


A    C    T     I. 


SCENE,  before  PageV  Houfe  in  Windfor* 

Enter  Juftice  Shallow,  Slender,  and  Sir  Hugh  Evans* 

Shallow. 

I  R  Hugh)  perfwade  me  not  -,  I  will  make 
a  Star-Chamber  matter  of  it:  if  he  wer£ 
twenty  Sir  John  Falfiaffs,  he  fliall  not  a- 
bufe  Robert  Shallow,  Eiqj 

Slen.  In  the  county  of  Gloucefier,  juftice 
J  of  peace,  and  Coram. 

ShaU  Ay,  coufin  Slender,  and  Cuftalorum. 

{i)  The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.]  Queen  Elizabeth  was  fo  well 
pleasM  with  the  admirable  Character  of  Faljiaff  in  the  Two  Parts  of 
Henry  IV,  that,  as  Mr.  Ro<we  informs  us,  She  commanded  S bake/pear e 
to  continue  it  for  one  Play  more,  and  to  mew  him  in  Love.  To  this 
Command  We  owe  this  Comedy  of  the  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor : 
Which,  Mr.  Gildon  fays,  he  was  very  well  aflur'd,  our  Author  finifli'd 
in  a  Fortnight.  But  this  mufl  be  meant  only,  as  Mr.  Pope  has  obrerv'd, 
of  the  firft  imperfect  Sketch  of  this  Comedy,  printed  in  1619.  The 
Notice  of  a  Play,  publifh'd  feventeen  years  after  Queen  Elizabeth's 
Death,  does  no  ways  come  in  Support  of  the  Tradition,  that  it  was 
perform'd  for  that  Princefs's  Entertainment.  But  I  have  another  old 
Quarto  Edition  of  this  Comedy,    (which,  I  prefume,  Mr.  Pope  never 

faw  ; )  printed  in  1602;  which  fays  in  the  Title-page As  it  hath 

ieen  diver fe  times  aSled  both  before  her  Majefty  and  elfenvbere.  The 
Reader  will  find  the  Title  of  this  old  Play  at  length,  in  my  Catalogue 
of  Editions  prefix'd  to  this  Work. 

Slen. 


114     "The  Merry  Wives  of  Wind/or. 

Slen.  Ay,  and  Rato-lorum  too*  and  a  gentleman born^ 
mafter  parfon,  who  writes  himfelf  Armigero  in  any  bill* 
warrant,  quittance,  or  obligation,  Armigero, 

Shal.  Ay,  that  I  do,  and  have  done  any  time  thefe 
three  hundred  years. 

Slen.  All  his  fucceflbrs,  gone  before  him,  have  don't  j 
and  all  his  anceftors,  that  come  after  him,  may  5  they 
may  give  the  dozen  white  luces  in  their  Coat. 

Shal.  It  is  an  old  Coat. 

Eva.  The  dozen  white  lowfes  do  become  an  old 
coat  well  5  it  agrees  well,  paflantj  it  is  a  familiar  beaft 
to  man,  and  fignifies  love. 

Shah  The  luce  is  the  frefli-fifh,  the  falt-fifh  is  an  old 
Coat. 

Slen.  I  may  quarter,  coz. 

Shal.  You  may  by  marrying. 

Eva.  It  is  marring,  indeed,  if  he  quarter  it. 

Shal.  Not  a  whit. 

Eva.  Yes,  per-ladyj  if  he  has  a  quarter  of  your  coat; 
there  is  but  three  skirts  for  your  felf,  in  my  fimple 
conjectures  j  but  that  is  all  one :  if  Sir  John  Falftaff 
have  committed  difparagements  upon  you,  I  am  of  the 
Church,  and  will  be  glad  to  do  my  benevolence,  to 
make  atonements  and  compromifes  between  you. 

Sal.  The  Council  mail  hear  it*  it  is  a  riot. 

Eva.  It  is  not  meet,  the  Council  hear  of  a  riot  j  there 
is  no  fear  of  Got  in  a  riot :  the  Council,  look  you, 
(hall  defire  to  hear  the  fear  of  Got,  and  not  to  hear  a 
riot;  take  your  viza-ments  in  that. 

Shal  Ha  !  o'  my  life,  if  I  were  young  again,  the 
fword  fhould  end  it. 

Eva.  It  is  petter  that  friends  is  the  fword,  and  end 
it  j  and  there  is  alfo  another  device  in  my  prain,  which* 
peradventure,  prings  good  difcretions  with  it:  there 
is  Anne  Page,  (1)  which  is  daughter  to  mafter  George 
Page^  which  is  pretty  virginity. 

(2)  which  is  Daughter  to  Mafter  Thomas  Page,]     The  whole 

Set  of  Editions  have  negligently  blunder' d  one  after  another  in  Pages 
Chriftian  Name  in  this  place;  tho*  Mrs.  Page  calls  him  George  after* 
wards  in  at  lealt  fix  feveral  Pafiagcs. 

Slcm 


The  Merry  IVives  of  Windfor.      11$ 

Slen.  Miftrefs  Anne  Page?  fhe  has  brown  hair,  and 
fpeaks  fmall  like  a  woman. 

Eva.  It  is  that  ferry  perfon  for  all  the  odd,  as  juft 
as  you  will  defirej  and  feven  hundred  pounds  of  mo- 
nies, and  gold  and  filver,  is  her  grandfire  upon  his 
death's-bed  (Got  deliver  to  a  joyful  refurre&ions)  give, 
when  fhe  is  able  to  overtake  feventeen  years  old:  it 
were  a  good  motion,  if  we  leave  our  pribbles  and 
prabbles,  and  defire  a  marriage  between  mailer  Abra- 
ham and  miftrefs  Anne  Page. 

Slen.  Did  her  grand-fire  leave  her  feven  hundred 
pounds  ? 

Eva.  Ay,  and  her  father  is  make  her  a  fetter  penny. 

Slen.  I  know  the  young  gentlewoman  y  fhe  has  good 
gifts. 

Eva.  Seven  hundred  pounds,  and  poffibilities,  is  good 
gifts. 

Shah  Well  5  let  us  fee  honeft  Mr.  Page:  is  Falftaff 
there  ? 

Eva.  Shall  I  tell  you  a  lie?  I  do  defpife  a  liar,  as 
I  do  defpife  one  that  is  falfe  -9  or  as  I  defpife  one  that 
is  not  true.  The  Knight,  Sir  John^  is  there  >  and,  I 
befeech  you,  be  ruled  by  your  well-wifhers.  I  will 
peat  the  door  [Knocks ."]  for  mafler  Page*  What,  hoa  ? 
Got  blefs  your  houfe  here. 

Enter  Mr.  Page. 

Page.  Who's  there  ? 

Eva.  Here  is  Got's  plefling,  and  your  friend,  and 
Juftice  Shallow,  and  here's  young  mailer  Slender  -y  that, 
peradventures,  fhall  tell  you  another  tale,  if  matters 
grow  to  your  likings. 

Page.  I  am  glad  to  fee  your  worfhips  well.  I  thank 
you  for  my  venifon,  mafler  Shallow. 

Shah  Mafler  Page,  I  am  glad  to  fee  you  $  much 
good  do  it  your  good  heart :  I  winVd  your  venifon 
better  •,  it  was  ill  kill'd.  How  doth  good  miitrefs 
Page  ?  and  I  thank  you  always  with  my  heart,  la*  with 
my  heart. 

Page.  Sir,  I  thank  you, 

Vol.  I.  CL  Shah 


ii6     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

Shal  Sir,  I  thank  youj  by  yea  and  no,  I  do. 

Paze.  I  am  glad  to  fee  you,  good  mafter  Slender. 

Slen.  How  do's  your  fallow  greyhound,  Sir?  L 
heard  fay,  he  was  out-run  on  Cot/ale. 

Paze.  It  could  not  be  judg'd,  Sir.  - 

Slen.  You'll  not  confers,  you'll  not  confers. 

Sbal  That  he  will  not,  'tis  your  fault, 'us  your  fault} 
'tis  a  good  dog. 

Paze    A  cur»  Sir. 

Shal.  Sir,  he's  a  good  dog,  and  a  fair  dog,  can  there 
be  more  faid  ?  he  is  good  and  fair.    Is  Sir  John  Falfiaf 

Crpage.  Sir,  he  is  within ;  and  I  would,  I  could  do  a 
good  office  between  you. 

Eva    It  is  fpoke,  as  a  chnftians  ought  to  fpeak. 

Sbal.  He  hath  wrong'd  me,  mafter  Page. 

Pase.  Sir,  he  doth  in  fome  fort  confeis  it. 

Shal  If  it  be  confefs'd,  it  is  not  redrefs  d }  is  not 
that  fo,  mafter  Page?  he  hath  wrong'd  me ,  indeed, 
he  hath-,  at  a  word,  he  hath}  believe  me,  Robert  Shal- 
low Efquire  faith,  he  is  wrong'd. 

Page.  Here  comes  Sir  John. 

Enter  Sir  John  Falftaff,  Bardolph,  Nym  and  Piftol. 
Fal.  Now,  mafter  Shallow,  you'll  complain  of  me  to 

1  W/"SKnight,  you  have  beaten  my  men,  kill'd  my 
deer,  and  broke  open  my  lodge. 

Fal.  But  not  kifs'd  your  keeper  s  daughter. 

Sbal  Tut,  a  pin}  this  {hall  be  anfwer  d. 

JW.'  I  will  anfwer  it  ftrait :  I  have  done  all  thu. 
That  is  now  anfwer'd.  . 

Shal  The  Council  (hall  know  this. 

Fal.  'Twere  better  for  you,  if  'twere  not  known  in 
Council  •,  you'll  be  laugh'd  at. 

Eva.  Pima  verba,  Sir  John, .good  worts. 

ft/  Good  worts?  good  cabbage.  Slender,  1  broke 
your  head:  what  matter  have  you  aga.nft  me? 

V/«i  v  arrv,  Sir,  1  have  matter  in  my  head  aga  nit 
you,  and  agamic  your  cony-catching  rafcals,  Bardolph 
Wym,  and  I'ijhl. 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor*     izf 

Bar.  You  Banbury  cheefe ! 

Slen.  Ay,  it  is  no  matter. 

Pift.  How  now,   Mephoftophilus? 

Slen.  Ay,  it  is  no  matter. 

Nym.  Slice,  I  fay*  pauca9  pauca :  flice*  that's  my 
humour. 

Slen.  Where's  Simple,  my  man?  can  you  tell,  coufin? 

Eva,  Peace :  I  pray  you  :  now  let  us  underftand  , 
there  is  three  umpires  in  this  matter,  as  I  underftand $ 
that  is,  mafter  Page  ,  fidelicet9  mafter  Page  5  and  there 
is  my  felf  >  fidelicet9  my  felf s  and  the  three  party  isj 
laftly  and  finally,  mine  Holt  of  the  Garter. 

Mr.  Page.  We  three  to  hear  it,  and  end  it  between 
them. 

Eva.  Ferry  goot>  I  will  make  a  prief  of  it  in  rriy 
note-book,  and  we  will  afterwards  ark  upon  the  caufe 
with  as  great  difcreetiy  as  we  can. 

Fal  Piftol,- 

Pift.  He  hears  with  cars. 

Eva.  The  tevil  and  his  tarn !  what  phrafe  is  this,  he 
hears  with  ear  ?  why,  it  is  affectations. 

Fal.  Piftol,  did  you  pick  mafter  S lender's  purfe  ? 

Slen.  Ay,  by  thefe  gloves^  did  he  •>  (or  I  would  I  might 
never  come  in  mine  own  great  chamber  again  elfe,)  of 
feven  groats  in  mill-fixpences,  and  two  Edward  fhovel- 
boards,  that  coft  me  two  (hilling  and  two  pence  a-piece^ 
of  Ye  ad  Miller ',  by  thefe  gloves. 

Fal.  Is  this  true,  Piftol? 

Eva.  Noj  it  is  falfe,  if  it  is  a  pick-purfe; 

Pift.  Ha,  thou  mountain  foreigner! Six  John, 

and  mafter  mine, 
I  Combat  challenge  of  this  latten  bilboe :  (3) 

Q.  *  Word 

-(3)  /  combat  challenge  of  this  Latin  bilboe"]  Our  modern  Editors 
have  diftinguifiVd  this  Word,  Latin,  in  Italic  Characters,  as  if  it  was  ad- 
drefs'd  to  Sir  Hugh,  and  meant  to  call  him  pedantic  Blade,  on  account 
of  his  being  a  Schoolmafter,  and  teaching  Latin.  But  I'll  be  bold  to 
fay,  in.  This  they  do  not  take  the  Poet's  Conceit.  Piftol  barely  calls  Sir 
Hugh  Mountain-foreigner,  becaufe  he  had  interpos'd  in  the  Difpute: 
but  then  immediately  demands  the  Combat  of  Slender,  for  having  charg'd 
him  with  picking  his  Pocket.     The  old  Quarto"*  write  it  Letter.,  as  it 


2.2  8     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

ihould  be,  in  the  common  Characters :  And,  as  a  Proof  that  the  Author 
defign'd  This  Ihould  be  addrefs'd  to  Slender,  Sir  Hugh  does  not 
there  interpofe  one  Word  in  the  Quarrel.  But  what  then  ilgnifies  — 
latten  Bilbo  ?  Why,  Piftol  feeing  Slender  fuch  a  Aim,  puny,  Wight ; 
would  intimate,  that  he  is  as  thin  as  a  Plate  of  that  compound  Metal, 
which  is  call'd  latten :  and  which  was,  as  we  are  told',  the  Old  Or/-* 
chalc.  Monheur  Dacier,  upon  this  Verfe  in  Horace's  Epiitle  de  Arte 
Poeticd, 

Tibia  non  ut  nunc  Orichalco  <vincla,  &c. 
fays,  Eft  une  ejpece   de  Culture  de  montagne,    come  fon  nom  me  fine  le  te. 
moigne ;  c1  eft  ce  que  nous  appellons  aujourd^huy  du  leton.     "   It  is  a  fort 
*  of  Mountain- Copper,   as  its  very  Name  imports,    and  which  we  at 
"  this  time  of  Day  call  Latten.'"    Scaliger  xnpon  Fefius  had  faid  the  fame 
t  Thing.   The  Metalliits  tell  us,  it  is  Copper  mingled  with  Lapis  Calami- 
naris.     The  learned  Part  of  my  Readers  will  forgive  me,  if  I  attempt  the 
Correction  of  a  Paifage  in    Hefiychius,  upon  the  Subject  of  Orichalc, 
which  has  been  tamper'd  with,  but  not  cur'd,  I  think,   to  Satisfaction. 
OpeiyctKKo?,  yciXx.oc.  ypvceo  koiK&{,   m  #pmpm  cLpyiyahKOf..    (^n  ^e 
firrt  place,  the  Series  and  Order   of  Hefychius  fhew  he  meant  to  write 
his  Theme,  'Oe'iy *Ayc<,  without  the  Diphthong.)     Sopingius  has  conjec- 
tur'd,  the  laft  Word  ihould  be  avtiyaAKoe.     But  what  then  has  xpin-'H 
to  do  here  ?  Orichalcum  does  not  fignify  a  Fountain ;  nor  does  Vibius 
Sequefter,  or  any  body  elfe  to  my  Knowledge,  tell  us  of  any  Fountain, 
Lake,  or  Spring,  that  bore  fuch  a  Name.     Perhaps,  the  whole  ihould 
be  thus  pointed  and  reformed :  'Oei^atAfco* ,  yahKot  XPv<r$  zoty.cos'  n 
xgc/MciTi'  ctoyv,   ya.KK.Qc.     Orichalcum,   as  auri  atnulum :  <vel,  Com- 
fofitum    quoddam ;  principium  cujus,  Ms.     Orichalc,  a  fort  of  Brafs  like 
Gold ;    or  a   Compound   Metal,  the  Foundation  of  which  was  Brafs.. 
Stephanus,  de  Urbibus,  tells  us  of  a  Stone  produced  at  Andeira,  which, 
mingled  with  Brafs,  became  Orichalc.     KPA0EVI2   ycLKx.6),  'Opel- 
ynXKce  y\yvnau.     Strabo  is  the  Foundation  for  what  Stephanus  fays; 
who,  fpeakim>  of  this  Stone,  adds,  If  it  be  burnt  with  a  certain  Earth,  it 
melts  to  a  counterfeit  Silver  :  which  Earth,  having  Brafs  mingled  with 
it,  comes  to  that  compounded  Metal  which  fome  call  Orichalc.   »  nryii- 
KclCvq-cl  yeiKKov  to    xcLXv/uSpov  yivi^)  KPA'MA.    OT/fSJ    Of&ydhKW 
xo.AkV/.     The  old  GloiTaries  likewife  have,  Aurichalca,    K^fjLctTtvet : 
which  Junius  in  his  Book,  De  PiSlurd  Veterum,  corrects  to  K  P  A'  M  A 
T I :    But  Martinius,    I  find,   difapproves  of  the  Correction.    Thefe 
Quotations,  1  think,  are  fomewhat  in  Support  of  the  Conjecture  I  have 
ofFer'd.     A  Word  to  the  Paifage  quoted  from  Strabo,  and  I  ihall  difmifc 
this  Criticifm.     Cafaubon   very  juftly  objects  to  the  Tautology   of  to 
x.a.A*[wov,   &  brivce  KdKzGt.     He  thinks,  either  fomething  is  wanting 
after  ^Axjugt'ov  :  or  that  it  ihould  beexpung'd.     If  I  am  not  miftaken, 
Strabo  might   have  wrote,  with   the  Change    only  of  one  Letter,   to 
H&hov  {J$p  ov-yivi")  Kpct-fXc ,  perpulchra  quidem fit  Mixtura:  i.  e.  amoft 
beautiful.  Compound  is  prcduced.     The  Orichalc,    we   know,  was  fo 
bright  a.  Metal,  that,  as  Ifidore  fays,  it  had  the  Splendor  of  Gold,  and 
the  Hardnefs  of  Brafs :  and  Pliny  tells  us,  It  was  put  under  fome  Chry- 
iolitei.,  as  a  Fci)»  to  aflut  their  Luflre. 

Word 


"The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.      ^^^ 

Word  of  denial  in  thy  Labrcfs  here  ; 
Word  of  denial  ;  froth  and  fcum,  thou  ly'ft. 

Slen.  By  thefe  gloves,  then  'twas  he. 

Nym.  Be  advis'd,  Sir,  and  pafs  good  humours :  I 
will  fay  marry  trap  with  you,  if  you  run  the  bafe  hu- 
mour on  me;  that  is  the  very  note  of  it. 

Slen.  By  this  hat,  then  he  in  the  red  face  had  it  5 
for  tho'  I  cannot  remember  what  I  did  when  you  made 
me  drunk,  yet  I  am  not  altogether  an  afs. 

Fal.  What  fay  you,  Scarlet  and  John  ? 

Bard.  Why,  Sir,  for  my  part,  I  fay,  the  gentleman 
had  drunk  himfelf  out  of  his  five  fentences. 

Eva.  It  is  his  five  fenfes:  fie,  what  the  Ignorance  is! 

Bard.  And  being  fap,  Sir,  was,  as  they  fay,  caihier'd  -, 
and  fo  conclufions  pall  the  car-eires. 

Slen.  Ay,  you  fpake  in  Latin  then  too  j  but  'tis  no 
matter  3  HI  never  be  drunk  whilfl  I  live  again,  but  in 
honeft,  civil,  godly  company,  for  this  trick:  if  I  be 
drunk,  I'll  be  drunk  with  thofe  that  have  the  fear  of 
God,    and  not  with  drunken  knaves. 

Eva.  So  Got  udg  me,  that  is  a  virtuous  mind. 

Fal.  You  hear  all  thefe  matters  deny'd,  gentlemen  j 
you  hear  it. 

Enter  Mijlrefs  Anne  Page,  'with  wine. 

Page,  Nay,  daughter,  carry  the  wine  in  •,  we'll  drink 
within.  [_Exit  Anne  Page. 

Slen.  Oh  heav'n !   this  is  miftrefs  Anne  Page. 

Enter  Miftrefs  Ford  and  Miftrefs  Page. 

Page.  How  now,  miftrefs  Ford? 

Fal.  Miftrefs  Ford^  by  my  troth,  you  are  very  well 
met  j  by  your  leave,   good  miftrefs.  \J^lJfing  her. 

Page.  Wife,  bid  thefe  gentlemen  welcome:  come, 
we  have  a  hot  venifon  pafty  to  dinner;  come,  gentle- 
men; I  hope,  we  fhall  drink  down  all  unkindnefs. 

[Ex.  Fal.  Page,  fciV. 


Q  3  Manent 


%  3  ©      The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr . 

Manent  Shallow,  Evans,  and  Slender. 

Slen.  I  had  rather  than  forty  fliillings,  I  had  my 
book  of  fangs  and  fqnnets  here. 

Enter  Simple. 

How  now,  Simple^  where  have  you  been  ?  I  muft  wait 
on  my  felt,  muft  I  ?  you  have  not  the  book  of  riddles 
about  you,  have  you  ? 

Simp.  Book  of  riddles !  why,  did  you  not  lend  it  to 
Alice  Shortcake  (4)  upon  All-hallqwrnas  laft,  a  fortnight 
afore  Martlemas? 

Shal.  Come,  coz ,  come,  coz  5  vye  flay  for  you  :  a 
word  with  you,  coz :  marry  this,  coz  $  there  is,  as 
'twere,  a  tender,  a  kind  of  tender,  made  afar  off  by 
£ir  Hugh  here 5   clo  you  underftand  me? 

§len.  Ay,  Sir,  yoii  ftiall  find  me  reafoqable:  if  \t  be 
fo,  I  iliall  do  that  that  is  reafon. 

Shal.  Nay,  but  underftand  me. 

Slen,  §q  I  do?  §ir. 

Eva.  Give  ear  to  his  motions,  Mr.  Slender  :  I  will 
£efcription    the   matter  to  you,    if  you   be  capacity 

of  '%tf  ■ 

Sle%.  Nay,  I  will  do,  as  my  coufin  Shallow  fays  :  I 
pray  you,  pardon  me  5  he's  a  Juftice  of  peace  in  his 
country,  fimple  thq'  I  ftand  here. 

Eva:  But  that  is  not  the  queftion :  the  queftion  is 
concerning  your  marriage. 

Shal.  "Ay ,  there's  the  point,  Sir. 

Eva.  Marry,  is  it  5  the  very  point  of  it,  to  Mrs. 
Anne.  Page* 

(4)  Upon  Allhallowmas  laft,  a  fortnight  afore  Michaelmas.]  Sure, 
Simple^  a  little  out  in  his  Reckoning.  Allhallovomas  is  almoit  five 
Weeks  after  Michaelmas.  But  may  it  not  be  urg'd,  it  is  defign'd,  Sim- 
ple {hoiild  appear  thus  ignorant,  to  keep  up  Character?  I  think,  not. 
The  fimpleit  Creatures  (nay,  even  Naturals)  generally  are  very  precife 
in  the  Knowledge*  of  FetHvals,  and  marking  how  the  Seafons  run  :  And 
(uerefore  I  have  ventur'd  to  fufpecl,  our  Poet  wrote  Martlemas,  as  the 
Vulgar  call  it ;  which  is  nea,r  a  fortnight  after  All  Saints  Day,  i.  e.  ele- 
mi  Da;*;,  bo;h  indtifive. 

SUn.. 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr.     z  3 1 

Slen.  Why,  if  it  be  fo,  I  will  marry  her  upon  any 
reafonable  demands. 

Eva.  But  can  you  affection  the  'oman?  let  us  com- 
mand to  know  that  of  your  mouth,  or  of  your  lips  > 
for  divers  philofophers  hold,  that  the  lips  is  parcel  of 
the  mind:  therefore  precifely,  can  you  carry  your  good 
!  will  to  the  maid  ? 

ShaL  Coufin  Abraham  Slender^  can  you  love  her  ? 

Slen.  I  hope,  Sir  5  I  will  do,  as  it  fhall  become  one 
that  would  do  reafon. 

Eva.  Nay,  Got's  lords  and  his  ladies,  you  muft 
fpeak  poffitable,  if  you  can  carry  her  your  defires  to- 
wards her. 

ShaL  That  you  muft :  will  you,  upon  good  dowry, 
marry  her? 

Slen,  I  will  do  a  greater  thing  than  that  upon  your 
requeft,  coufin,  in  any  reafon, 

ShaL  Nay,  conceive  me,  conceive  me,  fweet  coz  j 
what  I  do,  is  to  pleafure  you,  coz :  can  you  love  the 
maid? 

Slen.  I  will  marry  her,  Sir,  at  your  requeft  :  but 
if  there  be  no  great  love  in  the  beginning,  yet  heav'n 
may  decreafe  it  upon  better  acquaintance,  when  we 
are  marry'd,  and  have  more  occafion  to  know  one  ano- 
ther :  (f)  I  hope,  upon  familiarity  will  grow  more 
contempt :  hut  if  you  fay,  marry  her,  \  will  marry  her, 
that  I  am  freely  diflblved,  and  difToltrtely. 

Eva.  It  is  a  ferry  difcretion  anfwer  \  fave,  the  fall  is 
in  th'  prt  diffblutely :  the  ort  is,  according  to  our  mean- 
ing, refolutely\  his  meaning  is  good. 

ShaL  Ay,  I  think,   my  coufin  meant  well. 

Slen.  Ay,  or  elfe  I  would  I  might  be  hang'd,  la. 

(5)  I  hope •,  upon  Familiarity  will  grow  more  Content.]  Certainly, 
the  Editors  in  their  Sagacity  have  murtherM  a  Jeft  here,  it  is  defign*d, 
no  Doubt,  that  Slender  fhould  fay  de-creafe,  inftead  of  increafe  ;  and  dif- 
fol-ved  and  diffblutely,  inftead  of  refolved  and  refolutely :  but  to  make  him 
fay,  on  the  prefent  Occafion,  that  upon  Familiarity  will  grow  more 
Content,  inftead  of  Contempt,  is  di&rming  the  Sentiment  of  all  its  Salt 
and  Humour,  and  difappoin.ting  the  Audience  of  a  reasonable  Caufe  ftr 
daughter. 

Q.4  Enter 


x  5  i    The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

Enter  Miftrefs  Anne  Page. 

Shah  Here  comes  fair  miftrefs  Anne :  would  I  were 
young  for  your  fake,  miftrefs  Anne. 

Anne.  The  dinner  is  on  the  table  5  my  father  defires 
your  worfhip's  company. 

Shah  I  will  wait  on  him,  fair  miftrefs  Anne. 

Eva.  Od's  plefled  will,  I  will  not  be  abfence  at  the 
Grace.  [Ex.  Shallow  and  Evans. 

Anne.  Will't  pleafe  your  worihip  to  come  in,  Sir? 

Slen.  No,  I  thank  you,  forfooth,  heartily  j  I  am  very 
well. 

Anne.  The  dinner  attends  you,  Sir. 

Slen.  I  am  not  a-hungry,  I  thank  you,  forfooth.  Go, 
Sirrah,  for  all  you  are  my  man,  go  wait  upon  my 
coufin  Shallow :  [_Ex.  Simple.]  a  Juftice  of  peace  fome- 
time  may  be  beholden  to  his  friend  for  a  man.  I  keep 
but  three  men  and  a  boy  yet,  'till  my  mother  be  dead; 
but  what  though,  yet  I  live  like  a  poor  gentleman 
born. 

Anne  I  may  not  go  in  without  your  worfhip  5  they 
will  not  fit,  'till  you  come. 

Slen.  I'faith,  I'll  eat  nothings  I  thank  you  as  much 
as  though  I  did. 

Anne..  I  pray  you,  Sir,  walk  in. 

Slen.  I  had  rather  walk  here,  I  thank  you :  I  bruis'd 
my  fhin  th'other  day  with  playing  at  fword  and  dag- 
ger with  a  mafter  of  fence,  three  veneys  for  a  difh  of 
itew'd  prunes 5  and,  by  my  troth,  I  cannot  abide  the 
fmell  of  hot  meat  fince.  Why  do  your  dogs  bark  fo? 
be  there,  Bears  i'th'  town  ? 

Anne.  I -think,  there  are,  Sir  3  I  heard  them  talk'd  of. 

Slen.  I  love  the  fport  well,  but  I  fhall  as  foon  quar- 
rel at  it  as  any  man  in  England.  You  are  afraid,  if  you 
fee  the  bear  loofe,  &re  you  not? 

Anne.  Ay,  indeed,  Sir. 

Slen,  That's  meat  and  drink  to  Ave  nowj  I  have 
{een  Sackerfan  loofe  twenty  times,  and  have  taken  him 
by  the  chain  j  but,  I  warrant  you,  the  women  have 
fo  cry'd  ar.d  thriek'd  a.t  it,  that  it  paft ;  but   women, 

indeed, 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.     233 

indeed,  cannot  abide  'em,   they  are  very  ill-favour'd 
rough  things. 

Enter  Mr.  Page. 

Page.  Come,  gentle  Mr.  Slender,  come*  we  flay  for 
you. 

Slen.  I'll  eat  nothing,  I  thank  you,  Sir. 

Page.  By  cock  and  pye,  you  {hall  not  chufe,  Sir  j 
come  j  come. 

Slen.  Nay,  pray  you,  lead  the  way. 

Page.  Come  on,  Sir. 

Slen.  Miftrefs  Anne,  your  felf  fhall  go  firft. 

Anne.  Not  I,  Sir  j   pray  you,  keep  on. 

Slen.  Truly,  I  will  not  go  firft,  truly-la:  I  will  not 
do  you  that  wrong. 

Anne.  I  pray  you,  Sir. 

Slen.  I'll  rather  be  unmannerly,  than  troublefome; 
you  do  your  felf  wrong,  indeed-la.  {Exeunt. 

Re-enter  Evans  and  Simple. 

Eva.  Go  your  ways,  and  ask  of  Doftor  Cflius'  houfe 
which  is  the  way  >  and  there  dwells  one  miftrefs  Quickr 
ly9  which  is  in  the  manner  of  his  nurfe,  or  his  dry 
nurfe,  or  his  cook,  or  his  laundry,  his  waflier,  and  his 
wringer. 

Simp.  Well,  Sir. 

Eva.  Nay,  it  is  petter  yet  5  give  her  this  letter;  for 
it  is  a  o'man  that  altogethers  acquaintance  with  mif- 
trefs Anne  Page  5  and  the  letter  is  to  defire  and  re- 
quire her  to  folicit  your  matter's  defires  to  miftrefs 
Anne  Page  :  I  pray  you,  be  gone  5 . I  will  make  an  end 
of  my  dinner/  there's  pippins  and  cheefe  |:o  come. 

[Exeunt  feverally. 

S.C  E  N  E  changes  to  the  Garter-Inn. 

Enter  Falftaff,  Hoft,  Bardolph,  Nym,Piftol  and  Robin. 

Pal.  *\fl  I N  E  hoft  of  the  garter, • 

IVl       Hoft.  What  fays  my  bully  rock  ?  fpcak 
fchollarly,  and  wifely,  Fa\% 


2j4     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr. 

Fal.  Truly,  mine  hoft,  I  muft  turn  away  fomc  of 
my  followers. 

Hoft.  Difcard,  bully  Hercules^  cafhierj  let  them  wag  j 
trot,  trot. 

Fal.  I  fit  at  ten  pounds  a  week. 

Hoft.  Thou'rt  an  Emperor,  C<efary  Keifar  and  Phea* 
zar.  I  will  entertain  Bardolphy  he  ihall  draw,  he  fhaH 
tap;  faid  I  well,  bully  HeElor  ? 

Fal.  Do  fo,  good  mine  hoft. 

Hoft.  I  have  fpoke,  let  him  follow  ;  let  me  fee 
thee  froth,  and  live :  I  am  at  a  word  j  follow. 

[Exit  Hoft, 

Fal.  Bardolph,  follow  him  5  a  tapfter  is  a  good  trade  j 
an  old  cloak  makes  a  new  jerkin  j  a  wither'd  ferving- 
man,  a  frefh  tapfter  j  go,  adieu. 

Bard.  It  is  a  life  that  I  have  defir'd :  I  will  thrive. 

[Exit  Bard. 

Pift.  O  bafe  Hungarian  wight,  wilt  thou  the  fpigot 
wield  ? 

Nym.  He  was  gotten  in  drink,  is  not  the  humour 
conceited?  His  mind  is  not  heroick,  and  there's  the 
humour  of  it. 

Fal.  I  am  glad,  I  am  fo  quit  of  this  tinderbox  $  his 
thefts  were  too  open  •,  his  filching  was  like  an  unskil- 
ful finger,  he  kept  not  time. 

Nym.  The  good  humour  is  to  fteal  at  a  minute's 
reft. 

Pift.  Convey,  the  Wife  it  call:  fteal?  fohj  a  ficofor 
the  phrafe  ! 

Fal.  Well,  Sirs,  I  am  almoft  out  at  heels. 

Pift.  Why  then,  let  kibes  enfue. 

Fal.  There  is  no  remedy  :  I  muft  conycatch,  J 
muft  fhift. 

Pift.  Young  ravens  muft  have  food. 

Fal.  Which  of  you  know  Ford  of  this  town? 

Pift.  I  ken  the  wight,  he  is  of  fubftance  good. 

Fal.  My  honeft  lads,  I  will  tell  you  what  1  am  $- 
kout. 

Pift.  Two  yards  and  mors. 

.    i:  FA 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor .     x  3  j 

Fal.  No  quips  now,  Piftol :  indeed,  I  am  in  the 
wafte  two  yards  about  j  but  I  am  now  about  no  wafte, 
I  am  about  thrift.  Briefly,  I  do  mean  to  make  love 
to  Ford's  wife :  I  fpy  entertainment  in  her  -y  fhe  dif- 
courfes,  {he  carves,  fhe  gives  the  leer  of  invitation ; 
I  can  copftrue  the  aftion  of  her  familiar  ftile,  and  the 
hardeft  voice  of  her;  behaviour,  to  be  englifh'd  right, 
is,  I  am  Sir  John  Falftaff'j. 

Pift.  He  hath  fludy'd  her  well,  and  tranflated  her 
well  j  out  of  honefty  into  Englifh. 

Nym.  The  anchor  is  deepj  will  that  humour  pafs? 

Fal.  Now,  the  report  goes,  fhe  has  all  the  rule  of 
her  husband's  purfe :  fhe  hath  a  legion  of  angels. 

Pift.  A$  many  devils   entertain  j   and  to  her,   boy, 

fry  L 

Nym.  The  humour  rifesj  it  is  good*  humour  me 
the  angels. 

Fal.  I  have  writ  me  here  a  letter  to  her*  and  here 
another  to  Page's  wife,  who  even  now  gave  me  good 
eyes  too,  examin'd  my  parts  with  raoft  judicious  Ili- 
ads j  fometimes,  the  beam  of  her  view  guilded  my  foot* 
fometimes,  my  portly  belly. 

Pift.  Then  did  the  fun  on  dung-hill  fhine.       [Afide, 

Nym.  I  thank  thee  for  that  humour. 

Fal.  O,  fhe  did  fo  courfe  o'er  my  exteriors  with 
fuch  a  greedy  intention,  that  the  appetite  of  her  eye 
did  feemto  (corch  me  up  like  a  burning-glafs.  Here's 
another  letter  to  her*  fhe  bears  the  purfe  too*  (6)  fhe 
is  a  region  in  Guiana^  all  gold  and  bounty.  I  will  be 
Cheater  to  them  both,  and  they  fhall  be  Exchequers  to 

(6)  She  is  a  Region  in  Guiana,  all  Gold  and  Bounty .]  If  the  Tradi- 
tion be  true,  (as ,  I  doubt  not,  but  it  is  ;)  of  this  Play  being  wrote  at 
Queen  Eliz.abeth\  Command;  this  Paffage,  perhaps,  may  furnifh  a 
probable  Conje&ure  that  it  could  not  appear  till  after  the  Year  1 598. 
The  mention  of  Guiana,  then  fo  lately  difcover'd  to  the  Englijb,  was  a 
very  happy  Compliment  to  Sir  W.  Ra/eigh,  who  did  not  begin  his  Ex- 
pedition for  South  America  till  1595,  and  returned  from  it  in  1596,  with 
an  advantageous  Account  of  the  great  Wealth  of  Guiana.  Such  an  AoS 
drefs  of  the  Poet  was  likely,  I  imagine,  to  have  a  proper  Impreffion  / 
on  the  Feople,  when  the  Intelligence  of  fuch  a  golden  Country  was 
fcefh  in  their  Minds,  and  gavQ  them  Expettations  of  immenfe  Gain. 


x  3  C     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

me  5  they  (hall  be  my  Eaft  and  Weft-  Indies,  and  I  will 
trade  to  them  both.  Go,  bear  thou  this  letter  to  mif- 
trefs  Page ;  and  thou  this  to  miftrefs  Ford  :  we  will 
thrive,  lads,  we  will  thrive. 

Pift.  Shall  I  Sir  Pandarus  of  Troy  become  $ 
And  by  my  fide  wear  fteel?  then,  Lucifer  take  all! 

Nym.  I  will  run  no  bafe  humour  j  here,  take  the  hu- 
mour-letter, I  will  keep  the  haviour  of  reputation. 

Fal.  Hold,  Sirrah,  bear  you  thefe  letters  tightly, 
Sail  like  my  pinnace  to  thefe  golden  fhores.  [To  Robin.. 
Rogues,  hence,  avaunt!  vahifli  like  hail-ftones,  go* 
Trudge,  plod  away  o'th'  hoof,  feek  fhelter,  pack! 
Falftaff  will  learn  the  humour  of  the  age,  (7) 
French  thrift,  you  rogues  3  my  felf,  and  skirted  Page. 

[Ex.  Falftaff  and  Boy. 

Pift.  Let  vultures  gripe  thy  guts  $   for  gourd,  and 
Fullam  holds  : 
And  high  and  low  beguiles  the  rich  and  poor. 
Tefter  I'll  have  in  pouch  when  thou  {halt  lack, 
Bafe  Phrygian  Turk  ! 

Nym.  I  have  operations  in  my  head,  which  be  hu- 
mours of  revenge. 

Pift.  Wilt  thou  revenge  ? 

Nym.  By  welkin,  and  her  flar. 

Pift.  With  wit,  or  fteel  ? 

Nym.  With  both  the  humours,  I : 
I  will  difcufs  the  humour  of  this  love  to  Ford. 

Pift.  And  I  to  Page  fhall  eke  unfold, 
How  Falftaff^  varlet  vile, 
His  dove  will  prove,  his  gold  will  hold, 
And  his  foft  couch  defile. 

(7)  Falftaff  will  ham  the  Honour  of  the  Jge,~]  What  was  this  Ho- 
nour, which  he  was  to  learn  ?  Frugality  -,  the  retrenching  his  Expences, 
and  keeping  only  a  Boy  to  wait  on  him.  Had  the  Editors  been  cut  out 
for  Collators,  they  might  have  obferv'd  the  old  Quarto's  read,  the  Hu- 
mour of  the  Jge,  i.  e.  the  frugal  Fafhion  of  the  Times.  So  in  Much 
Ado  about   Nothing. 

The  Fafhion  of  the  World  is  to  avoid  Coft,  and  you  encounter  it. 
And  Honour  and  Humour,  I  have  obferv'd,   are  very  often  reciprocally 
miftaken  for  one  another  in  old  Englijh  Plays. 

Nym* 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr.      z  3  7 

Nym.  My  humour  {hall  not  cool  j  I  will  incenfe 
Eord  to  deal  with  poifon  5  (8)  I  will  poflefs  him  with 
yeflownefs*  for  the  Revolt  of  Mien  is  dangerous;  that 
is  my  true  humour. 

Pift.  Thou  art  the  Mars  of  male-contents :  I  fecond 
thee,  troop  on.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  *Dr.  CaiusV  Houfe. 

Enter  mifirefs  Quickly,  Simple,  and  John  Rugby, 

£>uic.  \T7HAT,  John  Rugby!  I  pray  thee,  go  to 
VV  the  cafement,  a^nd  fee  if  you  can  fee  my 
mafter,  matter  Doctor  Caius^  coming  >  if  he  do,  i'faith, 
and  find  any  body  in  the  houfe,  here  will  be  old  abu- 
fing  of  God's  patience,  and  the  King's  Englijh. 

Rug.  I'll  go  watch.  \_Exit  Rugby. 

§)uic.  Go,  and  we'll  have  a  pofTet  for't  foon  at 
night,  in  faith,  at  the  latter  end  of  a  fea-coal  fire.  An 
honeft,  willing,  kind  fellow,  as  ever  fervant  fhall  come 
in  houfe  withaf  5  and,  I  warrant  you,  no  tell-tale,  nor 

(8)  /  will  pojfefs  hint  with  jealoufies,  for  this  re-volt  of  mine  is  dan- 
gerous :]  This  is  the  Reading  of  the  modern  Editions ;  the  old  Co- 
pies have  it,  Yellownefs ;  i.  e.  the  Symptom  of  Jealoufy.  So  Beatrice, 
in  Much  Ado  about  Nothing,  fpeaking  of  Claudio's  having  jealous  Sus- 
picions, fays ; 

'The  Count  is  neither  fad,  nor  Jick,  nor  merry,  nor  well;  but.  civil, 
Count ;  civil,  as  an  Orange  j  and  fomething  of  that  jealous  Complexion! 

Again,  This  revolt  of  mine,  &c.  If  Nym  fpeaks  this  of  himfelf,  he 
fpeaks  very  improperly,  to  call  it  a  Revolt,  when  he  is  difcarded  by 
his  Mailer.  The  old  Copies  read,  as  I  have  reflor'd  in  the  Text ;  and 
the  Revolt  of  mine,  I  take  to  lignify  the  Change  of  Complexion.  And 
then  Nym  mull  mean,  I  will  make  him  fo  jealous,  till  he  changes  Colour 
with  its  Working  ;  and  then  it  will  break  out  into  fome  violent  Effects, 
that  will  be  dangerous  to  Falftaff.  For  Mine  (or  Mien,  as  it  is  more 
generally  written,)  does  not  only  lignify,  the  Air,  Gejiure,  and  Bearing 
of  any  Perfon ;  but  likewife  the  Look  and  Turn  of  Countenance  ;  Oris 
Species  ;  nativa  wiltus  Compoftio :  •■■  — ■  Vifage  bon,  ou  mawvais,  quon 
fait  paroitre  aux  gens  felon  quits  nous  plaifent,  &C.  as  Richelet  explains 
it:  that  Look,  or  Turn  of  Countenance,  which  we  fhew  to  People, 
according  as  they  pleafe  us,  Or  not.  Our  Author,  in  other  places,  takes 
notice  of  the  Change  of  Colour  to  be  a  Symptom  of  Anger,  Envy,  &c. 
as  it  certainly  is  in  Nature,  according  to  the  Spring  of  thac  Paffion  which 
excites  it. 

no 


i  5  8     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr* 

no  breed-bate  $  his  worft  fault  is,  that  he  is  given  tri 
pray'r  $  he  is  fomething  peevifh  that  way;  but  no  body 
but  has  his  fault }  but  let  that  pafs.  Peter  Simple^  you 
fay,  your  name  is. 

Slim.  Ay,  for  fault  of  a  better.'1 

ijfoiic.  And  mafter  Mender's  ybiir  mafter? 

Sim.  Ay,  forfooth. 

Quic.  Does  he  not  wear  a  great  round  beard,  like  * 
glover's  paring-knife  ? 

Sim.  No,  forfooth  5  he  hath  but  a  little  wee-face, 
with  a  little  yellow  beard,  (9)  a  C^/^colour'd  beard. 

§)uic.  A  foftly-fprighted  man,  is  he  not  ? 

Sim.  Ay,  forfooth  *  but  he  is  as  tall  a  man  of  hii 
hands,  as  any  is  between  this  and  his  head  :  he  hath 
fought  with  a  warrenef . 

ghtic.  How  fay  you  ?  oh,  I  fliould  remember  him 5 
does  he  not  hold  Up  his  head,  as  it  were  ?  and  ftrut  in 
his  gate? 

Sim.  Yes,  indeed,  does  he. 

Quic.  Well,  heav'n  fend  Anne  Page  no  worfe  fortune ! 
Tell  mafter  parfon  Evans^  I  will  do  what  I  can  for 
your  mafter:  Anne  is  a  good  girl$  arid  I  wifli  — 

4 

Enter  Rugby. 

Rug.  Out,   alas !  here  comes  my  mafter. 

ghtic.  We  ftiall  all  be  fhent  5  run  in  here,  good 
young  man  5  go  into  this  clofet  j  \_Jhuts  Simple  in  the 
clofet  ~\  He  will  not  ftay  long.  What,  John  Rugby  I 
John  /  what,  John,  I  fay  >  go,  John^  go  enquire  for 
my  mafter  j  I  dotlbt,  he  be  not  well,  that  he  comes  not 
home  :  and  down,  down,  a- down- a,  See.  [Sings. 

Enter  Docior  Caius. 

Caitts.  Vat  is  you  fing  ?  I  do  not  like  des  toys ;  pray 
you,  go  and  vetch  me  in  my  clofet  un  boitier  verd  \  a 

(9)  A  czne-co/ourd  beard.]  Thus  the  latter  Editions.  I  have  reftor'd 
with  the  old  Copies.  Cain  and  Judas,  in  the  Tapeilries  and  Pidturw 
wf  old,  were  reprefented  with  yellovi  Beards* 

box, 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr.     i$  ? 

box,  a  green-a  box  -,  do  intend  vat  I  (peak  ?  a  green-a 
box. 

Quic.  Ay,  forfooth,  I'll  fetch  it  you. 
I  am  glad,  he  went  not  in  himfelf  $  if  he  had  found  the 
man,  he  would  have  been  horn-mad,  [Afide. 

Caius.  Fe,fe,  fe,  fe,  ma  foi,  il  fait  fort  chaud;je  me'n 
mie  a  la  Cour' la  grande  affaire. 

Quic.  Is  it  this,  Sir? 

Cains.  Ouy,  mettezle  au  mon  pocket  $  DepSch§z,  quick- 
ly j  ver  is  dat  knave  Rugby  ? 

§uic.  What,  John  Rugby !  John! 

Rug.  Here,  Sir. 

Gains.  You  are  John  Rugby,  and  you  are  Jack  Rugby  5 
come,  take-a  your  rapier,  and  come  after  my  heel  to 
the  Court. 

Rug.  'Tis  ready,  Sir,  here  in  the  porch. 

Cains.  By  my  trot,  I  tarry  too  long :  od's  me :  Que 
ay  je  oublie  ?  dere  is  fome  fimples  in  my  clofet,  dat  I 
will  not  for  the  varld  I  fhall  leave  behind. 

§hfic.  Ay-me,  he'll  find  the  young  man  there,  and 
be  mad. 

Cains.  O  Diable>  Diable  !  vat  is  in  my  clofet  ?  villaine, 
Larron  !  Rugby,  my  rapier.  \Pulls  Simple  out  of  the  clofet. 

6)uic.  Good  mafter,  be  content. 

Caius.  Wherefore  fhall  I  be  content-a? 

S>)uic.  The  young  man  is  an  honeft  man. 

Caius.  What  fliall  de  honeft  man  do  in  my  clofet  ? 
dere  is  no  honeft  man,  dat  fhall  come  in  my  clofet. 

6)uic.  I  befeech  you,  be  not  fo  flegmatick  $  hear  the 
truth  of  it.  He  came  of  an  errand  to  me  from  parfoa 
Hugh. 

Caius.  Veil. 

Sim .  Ay,  forfooth,  to  defire  her  to  ■ 

§)uic.  Peace,  I  pray  you. 

Cains.  Peace-a  your  tongue,  fpeak-a  your  tale. 

Sim.  To  defire  this  honeft  gentlewoman,  your  maid, 
to  fpeak  a  good  word  to  miftrefs  Anne  Page  for  my 
mafter  in  the  way  of  marriage. 

6)uic.  This  is  all,  indeed-laj  but  I'll  ne'er  put  my 
finger  in  the  fire,  aad  need  not. 

Caius* 


z4o     The  Merry  Wives  0/ Windfbr. 

Caius.  Sir  Hugh  fend-a-you  ?  Rugby ^  (10)  baillez  me 
fome  paper  j  tarry  you  a  little-a- while. 

Sjhfic.  I  am  glad,  he  is  fo  quiet  j  if  he  had  been 
thoroughly  moved,  you  fhould  have  heard  him  fo  loud, 
and  fo  melancholy :  but  notwithftanding,  man,  I'll  do 
for  your  mafter  what  good  I  can  5  and  the  very  yea 
and  the  no  is,  the  French  Do&or  my  mafter,  (1  may 
call  him  my  mafter,  look  you,  for  I  keep  his  houfe, 
and  I  wafh,  wring,  brew,  bake,  fcour,  drefs  meat  and 
drink,  make  the  beds,   and  do  all  my  felf.) 

Simp.  'Tis  a  great  charge  to  come  under  one  body's 
hand. 

§)uic.  Arc  you  a-vis'd  o'  that  ?  you  (hall  find  it  a 
great  charge  ;  and  to  be  up  early  and  down  late.  But 
notwithftanding,  to  tell  you  in  your  ear,  I  would  have 
no  words  of  it,  my  mafter  himfelf  is  in  love  with  mif- 
trefs  Anne  Page;  but,  notwithftanding  that,  I  know 
Anne's  mind,  that's  neither  here  nor  there. 

Caius.  You  jack'nape*  give  a  this  letter  to  Sir  Hugh  j 
by  gar,  it  is  a  fhallenge :  I  will  cut  his  troat  in  de 
parke,  and  I  will  teach  a  fcurvy  jack-a-nape  prieft  to 

meddle  or  make you  may  be  gone *  it  is  not 

good  you  tarry  here>  by  gar,  I  will  cut  all  his  two 
ft  ones  j  by  gar  he  fhall  not  have  a  ftone  to  trow  at  his 
dog.  {Exit  Simple. 

Quic.  Alas,  he  fpeaks  but  for  his  friend. 

Caius.  It  is  no  mattef'a  ver  dat :  do  you  not  tell-a- 
me,  dat  I  {hall  have  Anne  Page  for  my  felf?  by  gar,  I 
vill  kill  de  jack  prieft  >  and  I  have  appointed  mine  hoft 
of  de  Jarterre  to  meafure  our  weapon  j  by  gaf,  I  will 
my  felf  have  Anne  Page. 

(10)  Ballow  me  fome  Taper ;]  Thus  alt  the  Editions  hitherto :  and,  I 
fuppofe,  the  Editors  thought  this  a  defignM  Corruption  of  the  Word 
borrow.  But  are  we  to  imagine  the  Poet's  Doclor  had  not  a  Scrap  of 
Paper  in  his  Houfe,  but  mull  fend  out  to  borrow  fome?  As  Caius  is 
reprefented  a  F)  encbman,  and  generally  fpeaks  half  French,  half  Englifb, 
it  is  much  more  probable  to  believe,  our  Author  wrote,  Baillez  me 
fome  Paper,  i.  e.  fetch,  bring,  give  me  fome.  So  the  French  fay,  Bail- 
lez la  main,  Give  me  your  hand  j  Bailler  une  ocillade,  to  give  One 
the  Wink,  £if<\ 

Quic. 


The  Merry  Wtves  of  Windfbr.     i\i 

Quic.  Sir,  the  maid  loves  you,  and  all  fhall  be 
well  :  we  muft  give  folks  leave  to  prate  5  what,  th£ 
good-jer ! 

Cuius,  Rughy^  come  to  the  Court  with  me  3 by- 
gar,  if  I  have  not  Anne  Page,  I  fhall  turn  your  head 
out  of  my  door  $  —  follow  my  heels,  Rugby. 

[_Ex>.  Caius  and  Rugby. 

§)uic.  You  fhall  have  An  fools-head  of  your  own. 
No,  I  know  Anne's  mind  for  that  5  never  a  Woman 
in  IVindfor  knows  more  of  Anne's  mind  than  I  do,  nor 
can  do  more  than  I  do  with  her,  I  thank  heav'n. 

Pent,   [within^  Who's  within  there,  hoa  ? 

§)uic.  Who's  there,  I  trow?  come  near  the  houfql 
pray  you. 

Enter  Mr.  Fenton. 

Pent.  How  now,  good  woman,  how  doft  thou? 

§)uic.  The  better,  that  it  pleafes  your  good  worfhip 
to  ask. 

Pent.  What  news?  how  does  pretty  miftrefs  Anne? 

Gfriic.  In  truth,  Sir,  and  fhe  is  pretty^  and  honeft,  and 
gentle  5  and  one  that  is  your  friend,  I  can  tell  you  that 
by  the  way,  I  praife  heav'n  for  it. 

Pent.  Shall  I  do  any  good,  think'ft  thou  ?  fhall  I 
not  lofe  my  fuit? 

Quic.  Troth,  Sir,  all  is  in  his  hands  above  j  but  not- 
withftanding,  mailer  Fenton,  I'll  be  fworn  on  a  book, 
fhe  loves  you :  have  not  your  worfhip  a  wart  above 
your  eye? 

Pent.  Yes,  marry,  have  I ;  and  what  of  that? 

Quic.  Well,  thereby  hangs  a  tale ;  good  faith,  it  is 
fuch  another  Nan\  but,  I  deteft,  an  honeft  maid  as 
ever  broke  bread  ^  we  had  an  hour's  talk  of  that  wart : 
I  fhall  never  laugh  but  in  that  maid's  company !  but, 
indeed,  fhe  is  given  too  much  to  allicholly  and  mufing  % 
but  for  you       •       Well go  to  — 

Pent.  Well,  I  fhall  fee  her  to  day  j  hold,  there's 
tnony  for  thee :  let  me  have  thy  voice  in  my  behalf* 
if  thou  feeft  her  before  me,  commend  me  — — 


14*     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

Quic.  Will  I  ?  ay,  faith,  that  we  will :  and  I  will  tell 
your  worfhip  more  of  the  wart,  the  next  time  we  hav« 
confidence,  and  of  other  wooers. 

Fen.  Well,  farewel,  I  am  in  great  hafte  now.    [Exit. 

Quic.  Farewel  to  your  worihip.  Truly,  an  honeft; 
gentleman,  but  Anne  loves  him  not ;  I  know  Anne's 
mind  as  well  as  another  does.  Out  upon't,  what  have 
I  forgot  ?  [Exit. 


ACT   II. 

SCENE,    before  Page'*  houfe. 
Enter  Mrs.  Page,  with  a  letter. 


W 


Mrs.  Page. 

HAT,  have  I  'fcap'd  love-letters  in  the 
holy-day-time  of  my  beauty,  and  am  I  now 
a  fubjeft  for  them  ?  let  me  fee  : 


Ask  me  no  reafon,  why  I  love  you  >  for  tW  love  ufe  rea  - 
fin  for  his  precifian,  he  admits  him  not  for  his  counfellor : 
you  are  not  youngs  no  more  am  I;  go  to  then,  there's  fym* 
pat  by :  you  are  merry,  fo  am  I;  ha!  ha!  then  there* 3 
more  fympathy  ;  you  love  fack,  and  fo  do  I ;  would  you  de- 
fire  better  fympathy  ?  let  it  fuffice  tbee,.  mi/lrefs  Page,  at 
the  leafl  if  the  love  of  a  f oldie  r  can  fuffice,  that  I  love 
thee.  I  will  not  fay,  pity  me,  "'tis  not  a  jo  Idler -like  phrafey 
but  I  fay,  love  me  : 

By  me,   thine  own  true  Knight,  by  day  or  night, 
Or  any  kind  of  light,  with  all  bis  might, 
for  thee  to  fight.  John  Falftaff. 

Wh.it  a  Herod  of  Jury    is   this?    O  wicked,    wicked 
world  !   one  that  is  well  nigh  worn  to  pieces  with  age* 
to  ftxow  hiroftlf  a  young  gallant!   what  unweigh'd  be- 
haviour- 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Wind  for.      ±4$ 

naviour  hath  this  Flemijlo  drunkard  pickt,  i'th9  devils 
name,  out  of  my  converfation,  that  he  dares  in  this 
manner  afTay  me?  why,  he  hath  not  been  thrice  in  my 
company  :  what  fhould  I  fay  to  him  ?  I  was  then  fru- 
gal of  my  mirth,  heav'n  forgive  me  :  why,  I'll  exhibit 
(n)  a  Bill  in  the  Parliament  for  the  putting  down  of 
fat  men:  how  fhall  I  be  reveng'd  on  him?  for  re* 
veng'd  I  will  be,  as  fure  as  his  guts  are  made  of  pud- 
dings. 

Enter  Mrs.  Ford. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Miftrefs  Page^  truft  me,  I  was  going  to 
your  houfe. 

Mrs.  Page.  And  truft  me,  I  was  coming  to  you> 
you  look  very  ill. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Nay,  I'll  ne'er  believe  that  5  I  have  to 
fliew  to  the  contrary. 

Mxs.  Page.  'Faith,  but  you  do,  in  my  mind. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Well,  I  do  then  ;  yet  I  fay,  I  could  (hew 
you  to  the  contrary  :  O  miftrefs  Page^  give  me  fome 
counfel. 

Mrs.  Page.  What's  the  matter,  woman? 

Mrs.  Ford.  O  woman!  if  it  were  not  for  one  trifling 
fefpecl:,   I  could  come  to  fuch  honour. 

Mrs.  Page.  Hang  the  trifle^  woman,  take  the  ho- 
nour 3  what  is  it?  difpenfe  with  trifles*  what  is  it? 

Mrs.  Ford.  If  I  would  but  gb~  to  hell  for  an  eternal 
moment,  or  fo,  I  could  be  knighted. 

Mrs.  Page.  What,  thou  lieft !  Sir  Alice  Ford  !  thefe 
Knights  will  hack,  and  fo  thou  fhouldft  not  alter  the 
article  of  thy  gentry. 

(11)  —  a  hill  in  the  Parliament  for  the  putting  do<wn  of  Men  :J  What* 
Mrs.  Page,  put  down  the  whole  Species  Uniui  ob  noxam,  for  a  fingle 
Offender's  Treipafs  ?  Don't  be  fo  unreafonable  in  your  Anger.  But  'tis 
a  falle  Charge  againft  You.  I  am  perfuaded,  a  fhort  Monofy liable  is 
dropt  out,  which,  once  reftor'd,  would  qualify  the  Matter,     We  muft 

neceiTarily  read, for  the  putting  down  of  hi  Men. Mrs.  Ford  lays 

in  the  very  enfuing  Scene,  /  Jball  think  the  worfe  of  fat  Men,  as  long 
as  I  have  an  Eye,  &c.  And  in  the  old  Quarto's,  Mrs.  Page,  fo  foon  as 
me  has  read  the  Letter,  fays,  Well,  I  /ball  truft  fat  Men  the  worfe, 
•while  I  li>ve,  for  his  fake :  And  he  is  cail'd,  the  fat  Enigh:,  ihegrea/f 
Knight,  by  the  Women,  throughout  the  Play. 

R  i  Mrs, 


244     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr. 

Mrs.  Ford.  We  burn  day-light  ;  here,  read,  read; 
perceive,  how  I  might  be  knighted :  I  {hall  think  the 
worfe  of  fat  men,  as  long  as  I  have  an  eye  to  make 
difference  of  men's  liking  j  and  yet  he  would  not 
fwear ;  prais'd  women's  modefty  ;  and  gave  fuch  or- 
derly and  well-behaved  reproof  to  all  uncomelinefs, 
that  I  would  have  fworn  his  difpofition  would  have 
gone  to  the  truth  of  his  words  j  but  they  do  no  more 
adhere,  and  keep  place  together,  than  the  hundredth 
Pfalm  to  the  tune  of  Green  Sleeves.  What  tempeft,  I 
trow,  threw  this  whale,  with  fo  many  tun  of  oyl  in 
his  belly,  a'tfiore  at  Windfor?  how  ihall  I  be  reveng'd 
on  him  ?  I  think,  the  belt  way  were  to  entertain  him 
with  hope,  'till  the  wicked  fire  of  luft  have  melted 
him  in  his  own  greafe.     Did  you  ever  hear  the  like? 

Mrs.  Page.  Letter  for  letter,  but  that  the  name  of 
Page  and  Ford  differs.  To  thy  great  comfort  in  this 
myflery  of  ill  opinions,  here's  the  twin-brother  of  thy 
I  letter ;  but  let  thine  inherit  firft,  for,  I  proteft,  mine 
never  ihall.  I  warrant,  he  hath  a  thoufand  of  thefe 
letters,  writ  with  blank-fpacefor  different  names  5  nay, 
more  ;  and  thefe  are  of  the  fecond  edition:  he  will 
print  them  out  of  doubt,  for  he  cares  not  what  he 
pins  into  the  prefs,  when  he  would  put  us  two.  I  had 
rather  be  a  giantefs,  and  lye  under  mount  Pelion.  Well, 
I  will  find  you  twenty  lafcivious  turtles,  ere  one  chafte 
man. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Why,  this  is  the  very  fame,  the  very  hand, 
the  very  words  ;  what  doth  he  think  of  us  ? 

-  Mrs.  Page.  Nay,  I  know  not  ;  it  makes  me  almoft 
ready  to  wrangle  with  mine  own  honefty.  I'll  enter- 
tain my  felf  like  one  that  I  am  not  acquainted  withal; 
for,  fure,  unlefs  he  knew  fome  Strain  in  me,  that  I 
know  not  my  felf,  he  would  never  have  boarded  me  in 
this  fury. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Boarding,  call  it  you  ?  I'll  be  fure  to  keep 
him  above  deck. 

i   Mrs.  Page.  So  will  I;  if  he  come  under  my  hatches, 
111  never  to  fea  again.     Let's  be  reveng'd  on    him; 
let's  appoint  him  a  meeting,  give  him  a  fhow  of  com- 
fort 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.      245 

fort  in  his  fuit,  and  lead  him  on  with  a  fine  baited 
delay,  'till  he  hath  pawn'd  his  horfes  to  mine  Hoft  of 
the  Garter. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Nay,  I  will  confent  to  a£t  any  villany 
againft  him,  that  may  not  fully  the  charinefs  of  our 
honefty  :  oh,  that  my  husband  faw  this  letter!  it  would 
give  eternal  food  to  his  jealoufie. 

Mrs.  Page.  Why,  look,  where  he  comes,  and  my 
good  man  too ;  he's  as  far  from  jealoufie,  as  I  am  from 
giving  him  caufe ;  and  that,  I  hope,  is  an  unmeafura- 
ble  diftance. 

Mrs.  Ford.  You  are  the  happier  woman. 

Mrs.  Page.  Let's  confult  together  againft  this  greafie 
Knight.   Come  hither.  {they  retire. 

Enter  Ford  wZ/APiftol,  Page  with  Nym. 

Ford.  Well,  I  hope,  it  be  not  fo. 

Pift.  Hope  is  a  curtal-dog  in  fome  affairs. 
Sir  John  affects  thy  wife. 

Ford.  Why,  Sir,  my  wife  is  not  young. 

Pift.  He  wooes  both  high  and  low,  both  rich  and 
poor, 
Both  young  and  old,  one  with  another,  Ford-9 
He  loves  thy  gally-mawfry,  Ford,  perpend. 

Ford.  Love  my  wife  ? 

Pift.  With  liver  burning  hot :  prevent,  or  go  thou, 
like  Sir  Acleon,  he,  with  Ring- wood  at  thy  heels  —  O, 
odious  is  the  name. 

Ford.  What  name,  Sir? 

Pift.  The  horn,  1  fay :    farewel. 
Take  heed,  have  open  eye -,  for  thieves  do  foot  by  night. 
Take  heed  ere  fummer  comes,  or  cuckoo-birds  affright. 

Away,  Sir  corporal  Nym. 

Believe  it,  Page,  he  fpeaks  fenfe.  {Exit  Piftol. 

Ford.  1  will  be  patient;  I  will  find  out  this, 

Nym.  And  this  is  true:  I  like  not  the  humour  of 
lying  ;  he  hath  wrong'd  me  in  fome  humours  :  I 
mould  have  born  the  humour'd  letter  to  her  ;  but  I 
have  a  fword,  and  it  fhall  bite  upon  my  necefficy.  He 
loves  your  wife  j  there's  the  more  and  the  long.     My 

&  $  name 


*4^     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

pame  is  Corporal  Nym ;  I  fpeak,  and  I  avouch ;  'tis  true  : 
my  name  is  Nym,  and Falftaff  loves  your  Wife.  Adieu; 
I  love  not  the   humour   of  bread  and  cheefe  :  adieu. 

[£x;/Nym. 

Page.  The  humour  of  it,   quoth  a' !   here's  a  fellow, 
frights  humour  out  of  its  wits. 

Ford.  1  will  fcek  out  Falftaff. 

Page.  I  never  heard  fuch"' a  drawling,  afFec~bing  rogue. 

Ford,  If  I  do  find  it:  well. 

Page,  (n)  I  will  not  believe  fuch  a.  Catalan,  tho'  the 
prieft  o'th'  town  commended  him  for  a  true  man. 

Ford.  'Twas  a  good  lcnfible  fellow:  well. 

Mrs.  Page  and  Mrs.  Ford  come  forwards. 

Page.  How  now,  Meg? 

Mrs.  Page.  Whither  go  you,  George?  hark  you. 

Mrs.  Ford.  How  now,  iweet  Frank,    why  art  thou 
melancholy? 

Ford.  I  melancholy!  I  am  not  melancholy.  Get  you, 
home,  go. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Faith,  thou  haft  fome  crotchets   in  thy 
head.    Nowa  will  you  go,  miiirefs  Paget 

(i  2)  /  ivill  not  believe  fuch  a  Catalan,  tho\  &C.J  This  is  a  Piece  of 
Satire,  that  did  not  want  its  Force  at  the  time  of  tuis  Play's  appearing; 
tho  the  Hiftory,  on  which  it  is  grounded,  is  become  obiblete,  and  loit 
to  general  knowledge.  In  the  Year  1575,  Captain  Martin  Frobijber 
(who  was  afterwards  knighted,  for  Services  againil  the  Spanijb  Armada  ;) 
being  furniin'd  with  Adventurers  to  the  Project,  fet  out  upon  his  Difco- 
V«f  of  a  PalTage  to  Cataia,  near  China,  by  the  North- weft  Seas.  Ha- 
yipg  iail'd  fixty  Degrees  North-weft  beyond  'Friejland,  he  came  to  Land 
upon  a  Place  inhabited  by  Savages,  from  whence  he  brought  a  piece  of 
black  Stone,  like  Sea- Coal,  which,  upon  his  Return,  being  affay'd  by 
the  Goldfmiths,  was  judg'd  to  be  very  rich  in  Gold- Ore.  This  encou- 
raged him  toafecond  Voyage  thither  die  nextSeafon;  when  he  freighted 
tv.o  Yefiels  home  with  this  black  Stone  :  and  in  1578,  his  Project  was 
lo  rifen  in  Credit,  that  he  fet  fail  a  third  time  with  fifteen  good  Ships ; 
and  freighted  them  all,  homewards,  out  of  the  fame  Mines.  But,  to 
lee  the  odd  Fate  that  too  often  attends  fuch  Discoveries  !  Tho'  the  Pro- 
fpecl  of  immenfe  Trealures  was  at  firft  fo  plaufible,  that  it  was  given  out 
with  Certainty,  Cai*  'a  W9&  Salomons  Ophir  ;  yet,  on  a  fevere  Trial,  this 
boated  Gold-Ore  provd  to  be  meer  Drofs  :  and  that  falling  {hort  of  the 
expected  Value,  and  the  Adventurers  of  their  expected  Gain?,  the  Project 
fell  fo  low  in  Repute,  that  Catalans  and  Frobtjhers  became  By-words  for 
«ch  vain  Boalcers,  as  promis'd  more  than  tin  v  couid  make  out,  and 
therefore  deferv'd  not  to  be  credited. 

Mrs. 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.      247 

Mrs.  Page.  Have  with  you.  You'll  come  to  dinner, 
George?  Look,  who  comes  yonder;  fhe  mall  be  our 
meffenger  to  this  paukry  Knight. 

Enter  Miftrefs  Quickly. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Truft  me,  I  thought  on  her,  fhe'll  fit  it. 

Mrs.  Page.  You  are  come  to  fee  my  daughter  Anne? 
Ghiic.   Ay,   forfooth  \   and,  I  pray,   how  docs  good 
miftrefs  Anne  ?  * 

Mrs.  Page.  Go  in  with  us,  and  fee ;  we  have  an  hour's 
talk  with  you. 

[_Ex.  Mrs.  Page,  Mrs.  Ford,  and  Mrs.  Quic. 

Page.  How  now,  mailer  Ford? 

Ford.  You  heard  what  this  knave  told  me,  did  you 
not  ? 

Page.  Yes ;  and  you  heard  what  the  other  told  me  ? 

Ford.   Do  you  think  there  is  truth  in  them  ? 

Page.  Hang  'em,  flaves ;  I  do  not  think,  the  Knight 
would  offer  it ;  but  thefe,  that  accufe  him  in  his  intent 
towards  our  wives,  are  a  yoak  of  his  difcarded  men  t, 
very  rogues,  now  they  be  out  of  fervice. 

Ford.  Were  they  his  men  ? 

Page.  Marry,   were  they. 

Ford.  I  like  it  never  the  better  for  that*  Does  he 
lye  at  the  Garter  ? 

Page.  Ay,  marry,  does  he.  If  he  mould  intend  his 
voyage  towards  my  wife,  I  would  turn  her  loofe  to 
him ;  and  what  he  gets  more  of  her  than  fharp  words, 
let  it  lye  on  my  head. 

Ford.  I  do  not  mifdoubt  my  wife,  but  I  would  be 
loth  to  turn  them  together}  a  man  may  be  too  confi- 
dent •,  I  would  have  nothing  lye  on  my  head ;  I  can- 
not be  thus  fatisfy'd. 

Page.  Look,  where  my  ranting  Hod  of  the  Garter 
comes ;  there  is  either  liquor  in  his  pate,  or  mony  in 
his  purfe,  when  he  looks  fo  merrily.  How  now,  mine 
Holt  ? 

TL  4  Entir 


$4$     VpG  Merry  Wives  of  Wiadfer. 

Enter  Hoft  and  Shallow 

Hoft,:  How  now,  bully  Rock?  thou'rt  a  gentleman^ 
eavalerio-juflice,  I  fay. 

Shal.  I  follow,  mine  Hoft,  I  follow.  Good  even, 
and  twenty,  good  mailer  Page.  Mailer  Page,  will  you 
go  with  us  ?  we  have  fport  in  hand. 

Hoft,  Tell  him,  cavaliero-juftice ;  tell  him,  bully 
Rock. 

Shal  Sir,  there  is  a  fray  to  be  fought  between  Sir 
Hugh  the  Welch  prieft,  and  Cuius  the  French  do&or. 

Ford.  Good  mine  Hoft  o'th'  Garter,  a  word  with 
you. 

Hoft.  What  fay'ft  thou,  bully  Rock? 

Shah  Will  you  go  with  us  to  behold  it?  my  merry 
Hoft  hath  had  the  meafuring  of  their  weapons,  and,  I 
think,  hath  appointed  them  contrary  places ;  for,  be- 
lieve me,  I  hear,  the  parfon  is  no  jefter.  Hark,  I  will 
tell  you  what  our  fport  fhall  be. 

Hoft.  Haft  thou  no  fuit  againft  my  Knight,  my  gueft- 
<?avalier  J 

Ford.  None,  I  proteft ;  but  I'll  give  you  a  pottle  of 
burnt  fack  to  give  me  recourfe  to  him,  (13)  and  tell 
$iim,  my  name  is  Brook  ;  only  for  a  jeft. 

Hoft.  My  hand,  bully:  thou  fhalt have  egrefs  and 
regrefs ;  faid  I  well  ?  and  thy  name  fhall  be  Brook.  It 
is  a  merry  Knight.     (14)  Will  you  go  an-heirs  ? 

Shah 

(13)  And  tell  htm,  my  Name  is  Brook  j]  Thus  both  the  old  Quarto's ; 
and  thus  moft  certainly  the  Poet  wrote.  We  need  no  better  Evidence, 
than  the  Pun  that  Falftajjf  anon  makes  on  the  Name,  when  Brook  fends 
him  fome  burnt  Sack. 

Such  Brooks  are  welcome  to  me,  that  overflow  <with  fuch  Liquor. 
The  Players,  in  their  Editions,  alter'd  the  Name  to  firoom :  But  how 
far  that  Name  will  fort  with  that  Jefc,  is  fubmitted  to  common  Senfe. 
Their  Succeflbrs,  however,  pf  the  Stage  (like  the  old  Prieft,  who  had 
read  Mumpfimus  in  his  Breviary,  inftead  of  Sumpfimus,  too  long  to  think 
of  altering  it ;]  continue  to  this  day  to  call  him,  Matter  Broom. 

(14)  Will'you  go  an-heirs?  I  can  make  Nothing  of  this  Reading, 
which  hath  pofTefs'd  all  the  Editions.  The  Word  is  not  to  be  traced  i 
and,  confequendy,  I  am  apt  to  fufpect,  mull  be  corrupted.  I  mould 
fcjiink*  the  Hoft  meant  to  fay,  either, 

Wills 


"The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor,     14* 

Shah  Have  with  you,  mine  hoft. 

Page.  1  have  heard,  the  Frenchman  hath  good  skill 
in  his  rapier. 

Shah  Tut,  Sir,  I  could  have  told  you  more;  intheie 
times  you  fland  on  diftance,  your  pafles,  ftoccado's, 
and  I  know  not  what :  'tis  the  heart,  matter  Page ; 
'tis  here,  'tis  here.  I  have  feen  the  time,  with  my 
long  fword,  I  would  have  made  you  four  tall  fellows 
skip  like  rats. 

Hoft.  Here,  boys,  here,  here:  mall  we  wag? 

Pag.  Have  with  you  ;  I  had  rather  hear  them  fcold 
than  fight.  \Exeunt  Hoft,  Shallow  and  Page. 

Ford.  Tho'  Page  be  a  fecure  fool,  (if)  and  fland  fo 
firmly  on  his  wife's  frailty,  yet  I  cannot  put  off  my  opi- 
nion fo  eafily.  She  was  in  his  company  at  Page's  houfe ; 
and  what  they  made  there,  I  know  not.  Well,  I 
will  look  further  into't  ;  and  I  have  a  difguife  to 
found  Falftaff:  if  I  find  her  honeft,  I  lofe  not  my  la- 
bour ;  if  fhe  be  otherwife,  'tis  labour  well  beftow'd. 

[Exit. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Garter-Inn. 

Enter  Falftaff  and  Piftol. 

Fah  T  Will  not  lend  thee  a  penny. 

A     Pift.  Why  then  the  world's  mine  oyfter,  which 

I  with  fword  will  open. 1  will  retort  the  Sura  in 

Equipage. 
Fah  Not  a  penny.    I  have  been  content.  Sir,  yon 

Will  you  go  on,  here? 
Pointing  out  the  Way,  which  was  to  lead  them  to  the  Combatants  ;  as 
he  afterwards  fays,  Here,  boys,  here,  here  :  fhall  we  wag  ?  Or, 

Will  you  go,  myn-heers? 
i,  e.  my  Mafters;  Both  thefe  make  plain  Senfe ;   and  are  not.  remote 
from  the  Traces  of  the  Text:  but,  without  fome  fuch  Alteration,  the  Paf- 
fage  feems  utterly  unintelligible  to  me. 

(15)  And  Ji and  fo  firmly  on  his  Wife^s  Frailty,]  No,  furely ;  Page 
flood  tightly  to  the  Opinion  of  her  Honefly,  and  would  not  entertain  a, 
Thought  of  her  being/rail.  I  have  therefore  ventur'd  to  fubflkute  a 
Word  correfpondent  to  the  Senfe  requir'd  ;  and  one,  which  our  Pcet 
frequently  ufes,  to  lignify  conjugal  Faith. 

mould 


250     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

ihould  lay  my  countenance  to  pawn*  I  have  grated  up- 
on my  good  friends  for  three  reprieves  for  you,  and 
your  couch-fellow,  Nim\  or  elfe  you  had  look'd 
through  the  grate,  like  a  geminy  of  baboons.  I  am 
damn'd  in  hell  for  fvvearing  to  gentlemen,  my  friends, 
you  were  good  foldiers,  and  tall  fellows.  And  when 
miftrefs  Bridget  loll  the  handle  of  her  fan,  I  took't  up- 
on mine  honour,  thou  hadft  it  not. 

Pift.  Didft  thou  not  lhare?  hadft  thou  not  fifteen 
pence  ? 

Fal.  Reafon,  you  rogue,  reafon:  think'ft  thou,  I'll 
endanger  my  foul  gratis?  At  a  word,  hang  no  more 
about  me,  I  am  no  gibbet  for  you  :  (16)  go,  a  ihort 
knife,  and  a  throng,  to  your  manor  of  Pickt- hatch  % 
go,  you'll  not  bear  a  letter  for  me,  you  rogue!  you 
itand  upon  your  honour!  why,  thou  unconfinable  bafe- 
nefs,  it  is  as  much  as  I  can  do  to  keep  the  term  of  my 
honour  precife.  I,  I,  I  my  felf  fometimes,  leaving  the 
fear  of  heaven  on  the  left  hand,  and  hiding  mine  ho- 
nour in  my  neceffity,  am  fain  to  fhuffle,  to  hedge  and 
to  lurch  j  and  yet  you  rogue  will  enfeonfe  your  rags, 
your  cat-a-mountain  looks,  your  red-lettice  phrafes, 
and  your  bold-beating  oaths,  under  the  flieker  of  your 
Jionour!  you  will  not  do  it,  you! 

Pift.  1  do  relent  5  what  wouldft  thou  more  of  Man? 

Enter  Robin. 

Rob.  Sir,  here's  a  woman  would  fpeak  with  you. 
Fal.  Let  her  approach. 

Enter  Miftrefs  Quickly. 

Quick.  Give  your  worfhip  good  morrow. 
Fal.  Good  morrow,  good  wife. 
Quick.  Not  fo,  and't  pleafe  your  worfhip. 
Fal.  Good  maid,  then. 

(16)  Go,  a  Jhort  knife,  and  a  thong,]  All  the  old  Copies  have  it, 
throng :  as  I  believe,  the  Author  defign'd ;  i.  e.  a  fhort  knife  and  a  Croud, 
the  two  Requifites  for  a  Pick-pocket.  Phkt-batch,  as  we  may  find  by- 
many  places  in  B.  Jonfon>  was  a  noted  Harbour  for  Thieves  and  Strum- 
pets. 

Quit. 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.     i  j  i 

Q)uic.  I'll  be  fworn,  as  my  mother  was,  the  firft 
hour  I  was  born. 

Fal.  I  do  believe  the  fwearer:  what  with  me? 

§uic.  Shall  I  vouchfafe  your  worfhip  a  word  or  two? 

Fal.  Two  thoufand,  fair  woman,  and  I'll  vouchfafe 
thee  the  hearing. 

Q)uic.  There  is  one  miftrefs  Ford,  Sir:  I  pray,  come 
a  little  nearer  this  ways :  I  my  felf  dwell  with  Mr. 
Doctor  Caius. 

Fal.  Well,  on:  miftrefs  Ford,  you  fay, — 

$>)uic.  Your  worfhip  fays  very  true:  I  pray  your 
worfhip,  come  a  little  nearer  this  ways. 

Fal.  1  warrant  thee,  no  body  hears :  mine  own  peo- 
ple, mine  own  people. 

Quic.  Are  they  fo?  heav'n  blefs  them,  and  make 
them  his  fervants. 

Fal.  Well :  miftrefs  Ford,  what  of  her  ? 

§uk.  Why,  Sir,  ihe's  a  good  Creature.  Lord,  lord, 
your  worship's  a  wanton  5  well,  heav'n  forgive  you, 
and  all  of  us,  I  pray- 

Fal.  Miftrefs  Ford,  come,  Miftrefs  Ford- 

^uic.  Marry,  this  is  the  fhort  and  the  long  of  it; 
you  have  brought  her  into  fuch  a  canaries,  as  'tis  won-; 
derful :  the  belt  Courtier  of  them  all,  when  the  Court 
lay  at  Windfor,  could  never  have  brought  her  to  fuch 
a  canary.  Yet  there  has  been  knights,  and  lords,  and 
gentlemen,  with  their  coaches;  I  warrant  you,  coach, 
after  coach,  letter  after  letter,  gift  after  gift,  fmelling 
fo  fweetly;  all  musk;  and  fo  rufsling,  I  warrant  you^ 
in  filk  and  gold,  and  in  fuch  alligant  terms,  and  in 
fuch  wine  and  fugar  of  the  beft,  and  the  faireft,  that 
would  have  won  any  woman's  heart;  and,  I  warranty 
you,  they  could  never  get  an  eye-wink  of  her.  I  had 
my  felf  twenty  angels  given  me  this  morning}  but  I 
defie  all  angels,  in  any  fuch  fort  as  they  fay,  but  in 
the  way  of  honefty;  and  I  warrant  you,  they  could 
never  get  her  fp  much  as  ftp  on  a  cup  with  the  proud- 
eft  of  them  all :  and  yet  there  has  been  Earls,  nay^ 
which  is  more,  Penfioners;  but,  I  warrant  you,  all  is 
&ne  with  her. 

Fah 


i$z     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

FaL  But  what  fays  fhe  to  me  ?  be  brief,  my  good 
She-  Mercury. 

Quic.  Marry,  fhe  hath  receiv'd  your  letter,  for  the 
which  fhe  thanks  you  a  thoufand  times  $  and  fhe  gives 
you  to  notifie,  that  her  husband  will  be  abfence  from 
his  houfe  between  ten  and  eleven. 

FaL  Ten  and  eleven. 

£>)uic.  Ay,  forfooth  >  and  then  you  may  come  and  fee 
the  picture,  fhe  fays,  that  you  wot  of:  mafter  Ford, 
her  husband,  will  be  from  home.  Alas  !  the  fweet  wo- 
man leads  an  ill  life  with  him,  he's  a  very  jealoufie- 
manj  fhe  leads  a  very  frampold  life  with  him,  good 
heart. 

FaL  Ten  and  eleven :  woman,  commend  me  to  her* 
I  will  not  fail  her. 

Quic.  Why,  you  fay  well:  But  I  have  another  mef- 
fenger  to  your  worfhip  j  miftrefs  Page  has  her  hearty 
commendations  to  you  too  j  and  let  me  tell  you  in  your 
ear,  fhe's  as  fartuous  a  civil  modeft  wife,  and  one  (I 
tell  you)  that  will  not  mifs  you  morning  nor  even- 
ing prayer,  as  any  is  in  Windfor ■,  whoe'er  be  the  other; 
and  fhe  bad  me  tell  your  worfhip,  that  her  husband  is 
feldom  from  home,  but,  fhe  hopes,  there  will  come  a 
time.  I  never  knew  a  woman  fo  doat  upon  a  manj 
furely,  I  think  you  have  Charms,  la 5  yes,  in  truth. 

FaL  Not  I,  I  aflure  thee  5  fetting  the  attraction  of 
my  good  parts  afide,  I  have  no  other  Charms. 

§)uic.  Bleffing  on  your  heart  for't. 

FaL  But  I  pray  thee,  tell  me  this  5  has  Ford's  wife, 
and  Page's  wife,  acquainted  each  other  how  they  love 
me? 

§>uic.  That  were  a  jeft,  indeed  5  they  have  not  fo 
little  grace,  I  hope  ♦,  that  were  a  trick,  indeed !  but 
miftrefs  Page  would  defire  you  to  fend  her  your  little 
Page,  of  all  loves :  her  husband  has  a  marvellous  infec- 
tion to  the  little  Page  j  and,  truly,  mafter  Page  is  an 
honeft  man.  Never  a  wife  in  Windfor  leads  a  better 
life,  than  fhe  doesj  do  what  ihe  will,  fay  what  fhe 
will,  take  all,  pay  all,  go  to  bed  when  fhe  lift,  rife 
when  fhe  lift,  all  is  as  fhe  will}  and,  truly,  fhe  deferves 

it; 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.     2.5  3 

it  ;  for  if  there  be  a  kind  woman  in  Windfor •,  truly,  (he 
is  one.     You  mull  fend  her  your  Page 5,  no  remedy. 

Fal.  Why,  I  will. 

Quic.  Nay,  but  do  fo  then;  and,  look  you,  he  may 
come  and  go  between  you  both,  and  in  any  cafe  have 
a  nay- word,  that  you  may  know  one  another's  mind  : 
and  the  boy  never  need  to  underftand  any  thing  ;  for 
'tis  not  good,  that  children  mould  know  any  wicked- 
nefs :  old  folks,  you  know,  have  difcretion,  as  they  fay, 
and  know  the  world. 

Fal.  Fare  thee  well;  commend  me  to  them  both: 
there's  my  purfe,  I  am  yet  thy  debtor.  Boy,  go  a- 
Ipng  with  this  woman.     This  news  diftracts  me. 

[Ex.  Quick,  and  Robin. 

Pift.  This  punk  is  one  of  Cupid's  carriers  : 
Clap  on  more  fails;  purfue;  up  with  your  fights; 
Give  fire;  me  is  my  prize,  or  ocean  whelm  them  all! 

[Exit  Piftol. 

Fal.  Say'ft  thou  fo,  old  Jack?  go  thy  ways;  I'll 
make  more  of  thy  old  body,  than  I  have  done;  will  they 
yet  look  after  thee?  Wilt  thou,  after  the  cxpence  of 
fo  much  mony,  be  now  a  gainer  ?  good  body,  I  thank 
thee;  let  them  fay,  'tis  grofsly  done;  fo  it  be  fairly 
done,  no  matter. 

Enter  Bardolph. 

Bard.  Sir  John,  there's  one  matter  Brook  below  would 
fain  fpeak  with  you,  and  be  acquainted  with  you  ;  and 
hath  fent  your  worfhip  a  morning's  draught  of  fack. 

Fal.  Brook,  is  his  Name? 

Bard.  Ay,  Sir. 

Fal.  Call  him  in;  [Ex.  Bardolph.]  fuch  Brooks  are 
welcome  to  me,  that  o'erflow  with  fuch  liquor.  Ah! 
ah !  miftrefs  Ford  and  miftrefs  Page,  have  I  encompafs'd 
you?  go  to,  via/ 

Re-enter  Bardolph,  with  Ford  difguis'd. 

Ford.  Blefs  you,  Sir. 

Fal,  And  you,  Sir;  would  you  fpeak  with  me? 

Ford. 


a,  5  4     7J&*  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

Ford.  I  make  bold  to  prcfs  with  fo  little  preparation 
upon  you. 

FaL  You're  welcome -,  what's  your  will?  give  us 
leave,  drawer.  [Ex.  Bardolph. 

Ford.  Sir,  I  am  a  gentleman  that  have  fpent  much} 
my  name  is  Brook. 

FaL  Good  mafter  Brook^  I  defire  more  acquaintance 
of  you. 

Ford.  Good  Sir  John,  I  fue  for  yours  5  not  to  charge 
you*  for  I  muft  let  you  underftand,  I  think  my  felf  in 
better  plight  for  a  lender  than  you  are,  the  which  hath 
fomething  emboldened  me  to  this  unfeafon'd  intrufion  j 
for  they  fay*  if  mony  go  before,  all  ways  do  lye  open. 

FaL  Money  is  a  good  foldier,  Sir,  and  will  on. 

Ford.  Troth,  and  I  have  a  bag  of  mony,  here,  trou- 
bles mej  if  you  will  help  me  to  bear  it,  Sir  John,  take 
all,  or  half,  for  eafing  me  of  the  carriage. 

FaL  Sir*  I  know  not  how  I  may  defer vc  to  be  your 
porter. 

Ford.  I  will  tell  you,  Sir,  if  you  will  give  me  the 
hearing, 

FaL  Speak,  good  mafter  Brook,  I  ihall  be  glad  to  bt 
your  fervant. 

Ford.  Sir,  I  hear,  you  are  a  fcholar  5  (I  will  be  brief 
with  you  5)  and  you  have  been  a  man  long  known  to 
me,  tho'  I  had  never  fo  good  means,  as  defire*  to  make 
my  felf  acquainted  with  you :  I  fhall  difcover  a  thing 
to  you,  wherein  I  muft  very  much  lay  open  mine  own 
Imperfections  5  but  good  Sir  John,  as  you  have  one  eye 
upon  my  follies,  as  you  hear  them  unfolded,  turn  an- 
other into  the  regifter  of  your  own,  that  I  may  pafs 
with  a  reproof  the  eafier*  fith  you  your  felf  know, 
how  cade  it  is  to  be  fuch  an  offender. 

FaL  Very  well:  Sir,  proceed. 

Ford.  There  is  a  gentlewoman  in  this  town,  her  hus- 
band's name  is  Ford. 

FaL  Well,  Sir. 

Ford.  I  have  long  lov'd  her-,  and,  I  proteft  to  you, 
beftow'd  much  on  her  \  followed  her  with  a  doating 
pbfervance  >  ingrofs'd  opportunities  to  meet  her)  tee'd 

every 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfof.      255 

every  flight  occafion,  that  could  but  niggardly  give  me 
fight  of  her*  not  only  bought  many  Prefents  to  give 
her,  but  have  given  largely  to  many,  to  know  what 
fhe  would  have  given :  briefly,  I  have  purfued  her,  as 
love  hath  purfu'd  me,  which  hath  been  on  the  wing 
of  all  occafions.  But  whatfoever  I  have  merited,  either 
in  my  mind,  or  in  my  means  j  meed,  I  am  fure,  I  have 
received  none 5  unlcfs  experience  be  a  jewel}  That  I 
have  purchas'd  at  an  infinite  rate,  and  That  hath  taught 
me  to  fay  this  5 

"  Love  like  a  Jhadow  flies,  when  fub fiance  love  pur fues  % 
u  Purfuing  That  that  flies,  and  flying  what  purfues. 

FaL  Have  you  receiv'd  no  promife  of  fatisfaction  at 
her  hands  ? 

Ford.  Never. 

FaL  Have  you  importun'd  her  to  fuch  a  purpofe? 

Ford.  Never. 

FaL  Of  what  quality  was  your  love  then? 

Ford.  Like  a  fair  houfe,  built  on  another  man's- 
ground  >  fo  that  I  have  loft  my  edifice,  by  miftaking 
die  place  where  I  erected  it. 

FaL  To  what  purpofe  have  you  unfolded  this  to  me? 

Ford.  When  I  have  told  you  that,  I  have  told  you 
all.  Some  fay,  that  tho'  fhe  appear  honeft  to  me,  yet 
in  other  places  fhe  enlargeth  her  mirth  fo  far,  that  there 
is  ihrewd  conftru£Hon  made  of  her.  Now,  Sir  John^ 
here  is  the  heart  of  my  purpofe :  You  are  a  gentleman 
of  excellent  breeding,  admirable  difcourfe,  of  great  ad- 
mittance, authentick  in  your  place  and  perfon,  gene- 
rally allow'd  for  your  many  war-like,  court-like,  and 
learned  preparations. 

FaL  O  Sir! 

Ford.  Believe  it,  for  you  know  itj  there  is  mony, 
fpend  it,  fpend  it  5  fpend  more,  fpend  all  I  have,  on- 
ly give  me  fo  much  of  your  time  in  exchange  of  it,  as 
to  lay  an  amiable  fiege  to  the  honefty  of  this  Ford's 
wife  j  ufe  your  art  of  wooing,  win  her  to  confent  to 
you>  if  any  man  may,  you  may  as  foon  as  any. 

FaL  Would  it  apply  well  to  the  vehemence  of  your 
affection,  that  I  fhould  win  what  you  would  enjoy  ?  me- 
thinks,  you  prefcribe  to  your  felf  very  prepoilerouily. 


i<yC     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr. 

Ford.  O,  underftand  my  drift;  fhe  dwells  fo  fecure- 
Iy  on  the  excellency  of  her  honour,  that  the  folly  of 
my  foul  dares  not  prefent  it  felf ;  fhe  is  too  bright  to 
be  look'd  againft.  Now,  could  I  come  to  her  with  any 
detection  in  my  hand,  my  defires  had  inftance  and  ar- 
gument to  commend  themfelves  ;  I  could  drive  her  then 
from  the  ward  of  her  purity,  her  reputation,  her  mar- 
riage-vow, and  a  thoufand  other  her  defences,  which 
now  are  too  too  ftrongly  embattel'd  againft  me.  What 
fay  you  to't,  Sir  John? 

Pat.  Matter  Brook,  I  will  firft  make  bold  with  your 
monv;  next,  give  me  your  hand ;  and  laft,  as  I  am  a 
gentleman,  you  (hall,  if  you  will,  enjoy  Ford's  wife. 

Ford.  O  good  Sir! 

Fal.  Matter  Brook,  I  fay,  you  mall. 

Ford.  Want  no  money,  Sir  John,  you  mail  want 
none. 

Fal.  Want  no  miftrefs  Ford,  matter  Brook,  you  mall 
want  none*  I  mail  be  with  her,  I  may  tell  you,  by  her 
own  appointment.  Even  as  you  came  in  to  me,  her 
ailittant,  or  go-between,  parted  from  me ;  I  fay,  I  mail 
be  with  her  between  ten  and  eleven  5  for  at  that  time 
the  jealous  rafcally  knave,  her  husband,  will  be  forth  j 
come  you  to  me  at  night,  you  mail  know  how  I  fpeed. 

Ford.  I  am  blett  in  your  acquaintance:  do  you  know 
Ford,  Sir? 

Fal  Hang  him,  poor  cuckoldly  knave,  I  know  him 
not:  yet  I  wrong  him,  to  call  him  poor ;  they  fay,  the 
jealous  wittolly  knave  hath  mattes  of  monv,  for  the 
which  his  wife  feems  to  me  well-favour'd.  I  will  ufe 
her  as  the  key  of  the  cuckoldly- rogue's  coffer;  and 
there's  my  harveft-home. 

Ford.  I  would  you  knew  Ford,  Sir,  that  you  might 
avoid  him,  if  you  faw  him. 

Fal.  Hang  him,  mechanical-falt-butter  rogue;  I  will 
flare  him  out  of  his  wits;  I  will  awe  him  with  my 
cudgel;  it  (hall  hang  like  a  meteor  o'er  the  Cuckold's 
horns.  Matter  Brook,  thou  fhalt  know,  I  will  predo- 
minate over  the  peafantj  and  thou  lhalt  lye  with  his 
wife:  Come  to  me  ibon  at  night;  Ford's  a  knave,  and 

I 


jfhe  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.     157 

1  will  aggravate  his  ftile :  thou,  matter  Brook,  malt 
know  him  for  knave  and  cuckold :  come  to  me  loon  at 
night.  [Exit- 

Ford.  What  a  damn'd  Epicurean  rafcal  is  this!  my 
heart  is  ready  to  crack  with  impatience.  Who  fays, 
this  is  improvident  jealoufie?  my  wife  hath  fent  to 
him,  the  hour  is  fixt,  the  match  is  made*  would  any 
man  have  thought  this  ?  fee  the  hell  of  having  a  falfe 
woman!  my  bed  fhall  be  abus'd,  my  coffers  ranfack'd^ 
my  reputation  gnawn  at  j  and  I  mall  not  only  receive 
this  villainous  wrong,  but  fland  under  the  adoption  of 
abominable  terms,  and  by  him  that  does  me  the  wrong* 
Terms,  names  >  Amaimon  founds  well,  Lucifer ',  well  \  Bar- 
bafon,  well ;  yet  they  are  devils  additions,  the  names  of 
fiends:  but  cuckold,  wittol,  cuckold!  the  devil  him- 
felf  hath  not  fuch  a  name.  Page  is  an  afs,  a  fecure  afs, 
he  will  truft  his  wife  5  he  will  not  be  jealous  :  I  will 
rather  truft  a  Fleming  with  my  butter,  parfon  Hugh  the 
Welchman  with  my  cheefe,  an  Irijh-man  with  my  Aqua- 
vita  bottle,  or  a  thief  to  walk  my  ambling  gelding, 
than  my  wife  with  her  felf:  then  fhe  plots,  then  me 
ruminates,  then  me  devifes:  and  what  they  think  in 
their  hearts  they  may  effeft,  they  will  break  their  hearts 
but  they  will  effect.  Heav'n  be  prais'd  for  my  jealoufie  t 
Eleven  o'clock  the  hour  5  I  will  prevent  this,  deteflk 
my  wife,  be  reveng'd  on  Falflaff,  and  laugh  at  Page: 
I  will  about  it :  better  three  hours  too  foon,  than  a 
minute  too  late.  Fie,  fie,  fie  5  cuckold,  cuckold, 
cuckold!  {Exit* 

I       SCENE  changes  to  Windfor-^r^ 

Enter  Caius  and  Rugby. 

taius.  XJCK  Rugby/ 
\      Rug.  Sir. 

Caius.  Vat  is  de  clock,  Jack? 

Rug.  'Tis  paft  the  hour,  Sir,  that  Sir  Hugh  promis'd 
to  meet. 

Caius.   By   gar,  he  has  fave  his  foul,  dat  he  is  no 
come  j  he  has  pray  his  pible  well,  dat  he  is  no  come  t 

Vol.  I.  s  by 


z$S     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

by  gar*  Jac&  Ru&hi  nc  1S  dead  already,  if  he  be  come. 

Rug.  He  is  wife,  Sir  3  he  knew,  your  worfhip  would 
kill  him,  if  he  came. 

Caius.  By  gar,  de  herring  is  not  fo  dead  as  me  vii; 
make  him.  Take  your  rapier,  Jack;  I  vill  tell  you 
how  I  vill  kill  him. 

Rug.  Alas,  Sir,  I  cannot  fence. 

Caius.  Villany,  take  your  rapier. 

Rug.  Forbear  >  here's  company. 

Enter  Hoft,  Shallow,  Slender  and  Page. 

Hoft.  'Blefs  thee,  bully-doftor. 

Shal.  'Save  you,  Mr.  Doctor  Caius. 

Page.  Now,  good  Mr.  Doctor. 

Slen.  Give  you  good  morrow,  Sir. 

Caius.  Vat  be  ali  you,  one,  two,  tree,  four,  come  for? 

Hoft.  To  fee  thee  fight,  to  fee  thee  foigne,  to  fee 
thee  traverfe,  to  fee  thee  here,  to  fee  thee  there,  to 
fee  thee  pafs  thy  puncto,  thy  flock,  thy  reverfe,  thy 
diftance,  thy  montant.  Is  he  dead,  my  Ethiopian?  Is 
he  dead,  my  Francifco?  ha,  bully?  what  fays  my  JEftw 
lapius  ?  my  Galen  ?  my  heart  of  elder  ?  ha  ?  is  he  dead, 
bully-ftale  ?  is  he  dead  ? 

Caius.  By  gar,  he  is  de  coward  3^£-prieft  of  de 
vorld>  he  is  not  fliow  his  face. 

Hoft.  Thou  art  a  Caftalion-king-Urinal :  Heclor  of 
Greece,  my  boy. 

Caius.  I  pray  you  bear  witnefs,  that  me  have  ftay 
fix  or  feven,  two  tree  hours  for  him,  and  he  is  no 
comb. 

ShaL  He  is  the  wifer  man,  Mr.  Doctor  j  he  is  a 
curer  of  fouls,  and  you  a  curer  of  bodies :  if  you 
fhould  fight,  you  go  againft.  the  hair  of  your  profef- 
fions :  Is  it  not  true,  mailer  Page  ? 

Page.  Matter  Shallow,  you  have  your  felf  been  a 
great  fighter,  tho'  now  a  man  of  peace. 

Shall.  Body-kins,  Mr.  Page,  tho'  I  now  be  old,  and 
of  peace,  if  I  fee  a  fword  out,  my  finger  itches  to 
iii.ike  onej    tho'  we  are    juilices,    and   doctors,   and 

church- 


*the  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.      252 

church-men,  Mr.  Page,  we  have  fome  fait  of  our  youth 
in  us  >  we  are  the  fons  of  women,  Mr.  Page. 

Page.  'Tis  true,  Mr.  Shallow. 

Shah  It  will  be  found  fo,  Mr.  Page.    Mr.  Doctor 

Caius,  I  am  come  to  fetch  you  home  $  I  am  fworn  of 

the  peace  >  you  havefhewM  your  felf  a  wife  phyfician, 

and   Sir  Hugh  hath   fhown  himfelf  a  wife  and  patient 

:  church-man  :  you  muft  go  with  me,  Mr.  Doctor. 

Hoft.  Pardon,  gueft-juitice>  a  word,  monfieur  mock- 
water. 

Caius.  Mock-vater  ?  vat  is  dat  ? 

Hoft.  Mock- water,  in  our  Englijh  tongue,  is  valour* 
bully. 

Caius.  By  gar,  then  I  have  as  much  mock-vater  as 
de  Englijhtnan,  fcurvy-jack-dog-prieltj  by  gar,  me  vill 
cut  his  ears. 

Hoft.  He  will  clapper-claw  thee  tightly,  bully. 

Caius.  Clapper-de-claw?  vat  is  dat? 

Hoft.  That  is,  he  will  make  thee  amends. 

Caius.  By  gar,  me  do  look,  he  fhall  clapper-de-claw 
me>  for  by  gar,  me  vill  have  it. 

Hoft.  And  I  will  provoke  him  to't,  or  let  him  wag. 

Caius.  Me  tank  you  for  dat. 

Hoft.  And  moreover,  bully :  but  firft,  Mr.  Gueftj 
and  Mr.  Page9  and  eek  Cavaliero  Slender^  go  you 
through  the  town  to  Frogmore. 

Page.  Sir  Hugh  is  there,  is  he? 

Hoft.  He  is  there  j  fee,  what  humour  he  is  in  5  and 
I  will  bring  the  Doctor  about  the  fields :  will  it  do 
well  ? 

iShal.  We  will  do  it. 
All.  Adieu,  good  Mr.  Doctor. 
[£#.Page,  Shal.  and  Slen. 
Caius.  By  gar,  me  vill  kill  de  priefb  3  for  he  fpeak 
or  a  jack-an-ape  to  Anne  Page. 

Hoft.  Let  him  die s  but,  firhr,  fheath  thy  impatience} 
throw  cold  water  on  thy  cholerj  go  about  the  fields 
with  me  through  Frogmore ;  I  will  bring  thee  where 
miftrefs  Anne  Page  is,   at   a   farm-houfe    a    feafting  5 

S  1  a*d 


i(Jo     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

and  thou  flialt  woo  her.  (17)  Try'd  G*me,  faid  I 
well  ? 

Gains.  By  gar,  me  tank  you  vor  dat :  by  gar,  I  love 
you  5  and  I  ihall  procure  'a  you  de  good  gueilj  de 
Eari,  de  Knight,  de  Lords,  de  Gentlemen,  my  pa- 
tients. 

Hoft.  For  the  which  I  will  be  thy  adverfary  toward 
jJnne  Page :  faid  I  well  ? 

Caius.  By  gar,  'tis  good*  veil  faid. 

Hoft.  Let  us  wag  then. 

Caius.  Come  at  my  heels,  Jack  Rugby.         [Exeunt. 


dfci 


ACT      III. 

SCENE,  Frogmore  near  Windfor. 

Enter  Evans,  and  Simple. 

E  VA  N  S. 

I  Pray  you  now,  good  matter  Slender' s  fervingmar^ 
and  friend  Simple  by  your  name,  which  way  have 
you  look'd   for    mailer  Caius,  that  calls  himfelf 
Doftor  of  Phyfick? 

Simp.  Marry,  Sir,  the  Pitty-wary,  the  Park-ward^ 
every  way,  old  Windfor  way,  and  every  way  but  the 
town  way. 

Eva.  I  moil  fehemently  defire  you,  you  will  alfo 
look  that  way. 
Simp.  I  will,  Sir. 

(17)  And  thou  /halt  woo  her.  Cride-Game,]  Thus  the  old  Folio's. 
The  Quarto's  with  a  little  Difference.  And  thou  Jbalt  wear  her  cry'd 
Game.  Said  I  well?  Neither  of  the  Readings  furnifh  any  Idea ;  nor 
can  be  genuine.  Tryd  Game,  as  I  have  reflor'd  it,  may  well  fignify, 
Thou  old  Cock  of  the  Game;  thou  experienced  Sinner:  and  might  be 
reafonably  apply'd  to  Caius,  wjio  was  aji  old  Batchellor,  and  had  Dame 
Quickly  for  his  Housekeeper. 

Eva. 


The  Merry  Wives  0/Windfbn     261 

Eva.  'Plefs  my  foul,  how  full  of  chollars  I  am,  and 
trempling  of  mind !  I  fhall  be  glad,  if  he  have  deceiv'd 
mej  how  melanchollies  lam!  I  will  knog  his  urinals 
about  his  knave's  coftard,  when  I  have  good  opportu- 
nities for  the  orke :  'Plefs  my  foul ! 

[Sings,  being  afraid. 

By  Jh allow  river s,  to  who fe  falls  (18) 
Melodious  birds  fing  madrigalls  \ 
There  will  we  make  our  peds  of  rofes  •, 
And  a  thoufand  fragrant  pofies. 

By  Jh  allow— -~  'Mercy  on  me,  I  have  a  great  difpofi- 

tions  to  cry.  Melodious  birds  fing  madrigalls TVhen  as 

I  fat  in  Pabilon ;—— —  and  a  thoufand  vagrant  pojies. 
By  Jh  allow,  &c. 

Simp.  Yonder  he  is  coming,  this  way,  Sir  Hugh. 

Eva.   He's  welcome*     By  fhallow  rivers,   to  whofe 
falls 
Heav'n  profpcr  the  right :  what  weapons  is  he  ? 

Simp.   No  weapons,   Sir  5   there  comes   my  mafter, 
Mr.  Shallow,   and  another  gentleman  from  Frogmorey 
\  aver  the  ftite,  this  way. 

Eva.  Pray  you,  give  me  my  gown,  or  elfe  keep  it  in 
!  your  arms. 

Enter  Page,  Shallow,  and  Slender. 

Shot.  How  now,  mafter  Parfon  ?  good  morrow,  good 
Sir  Hugh.  Keep  a  gamefter  from  the  dice,  and  a  good 
{Indent  from  his  book,  and  it  is  wonderful. 

Slen.  Ah,  fweet  Anne  Page! 

Page.  Save  you,  good  Sir  Hugh. 

Eva.  'Plefs  you  from  his  mercy-fake,  all  of  you, 

Shah  What  ?  the  fword  and  the  word  ?  do  you  ftu- 
dy  them  both,  Mr.  Parfon? 

(18)  By  Jb allow  Rivers,"]  The  Stanza,  which  Sir  Hugh  repeats  here, 
is  part  of  a  fweet  little  Sonnet  of  our  Author's,  and  printed  among  his 
Poems,  call'd,  The  Pajjionate  Shepherd  to  his  Lo-ve.  Milton  was 
fo  enamour'd  with  this  Poem,  and  the  Nymph's  Reply  to  it,  that  he  has 
borrow'd  the  Clofe  of  his  U Allegro,  and  //  Penferofo  from  them  h 

I  don't  know,  whether  it  has  been  generally  obferv'd,  but  it  is  with  won- 
derful Humour,  in  his  fmging,  that  Sir  Hugh  intermixes  with,  his  Ma- 
flrigal  the  firft  Line  of  the  137th  fmging  Pfalm. 

S  3,  Page. 


i£i.  The  Merry  Wives  0/Windfor. 

Page.  And  youthful  ftill,  in  your  doublet  and  hofe, 
thjs  raw-rheumatick  day  ? 

Eva.  There  is  reafons  and  caufes  for  it. 

Page,  We  are  come  to  you,  to  do  a  good  office, 
Mr.  farfon. 

Eva.  Ferry  well:  what  is  it? 

Page.  Yonder  is  a  moft  reverend  gentleman,  who, 
belike,  having  receiv'd  wrong  by  fome  perfon,  is  at 
moft  odds  with  his  own  gravity  and  patience,  that 
ever  you  faw. 

Shah  I  have  liv'd  fourfcore  years,  and  upward  j  I 
never  heard  a  man  of  his  place,  gravity  and  learning, 
fo  wide  of  hjs  own  refpect. 

Eva.  What  is  he  ? 

Page.  I  think,  you  know  him  5  Mr.  Doctor  Caius% 
the  renowned  French  phyGcian. 

Eva.  Got's  will,  and  his  paffion  of  my  heart!  I  had 
as  Jief  you  fhould  tell  me  of  a  mefs  of  porridge. 

Page,  Why  ? 

Eva.  He  has  no  more  knowledge  in  Hi her ate s  and 
Galen  3  and  he  is  a  knave,  befidesj  a  cowardly  knave  as 
you  would  defire  to  be  acquainted  withal. 

Page.  I  warrant  you,  he's  the  man  fhould  fight  with 
him. 

Slen.  Q,  fweet  Anne  Page! 

Enter  Hoft,  Caius,  and  Rugby. 

Shah  It  appears  fo,  by  his  weapons :  keep  them  a? 
funder^  here  comes  Doctor  Caius. 

Page.  Nay,  good  Mr.  Parfon,  keep  in  your  weapon. 

Shah  So  do  you,  good  Mr.  Doctor. 

Hoft.  Difarm  them,  and  let  them  queftion ;  let  them 
keep  their  limbs  whole,  and  hack  our  Englijh. 

Caius.  I  pray  you,  let-a  me  fpeak  a  word  with  your 
ear:    wherefore  vill  you  not  meet-a  me? 

Eva.  fray  you,  ufe  your  patience  in  good  time. 

Caius.  By  gar,  you  are  de  coward,  de  Jack  dog, 
John  ape. 

Eva.  Pray  you,  let  us  not  be  laughing- flocks  toother 
mens  humours:   I  defire  you   in  friendijiip,   and  will 

one 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.      iC  j 

one  way  or  other  make  you  amends ;  I  will  knog  your 
urinal  about  your  knave's  cogs-comb,  for  miffing  your 
meetings  and  appointments. 

Cams,  Diable!  Jack  Rugby,  mine  Hoft  de  Jarteer9 
have  I  not  flay  for  him,  to  kill  him  ?  have  I  not,  at 
de  place  I  did  appoint  ? 

Eva.  As  I  am  a  chriftian's  foul,  now  look  you,  this 
is  the  place  appointed  5  I'll  be  judgment  by  mine  Hoft 
of  the  Garter. 

Hoft .  Peace,  I  fay,  Gallia  and  Gaul,  French  and  Welch ^ 
foul-curer  and  body-curer. 

Caius.  Ay,  dat  is  very  good,  excellent. 

Hoft.  Peace,  I  fay  j  hear  mine  Hoft  of  the  Garter. 
Am  I  politick?  am  I  fubtle?  am  I  a  Machiavel?  (hall 
I  lofe  my  Doctor?  no 5    he  gives  me   the  potions  and 
<he  motions.     Shall  I  lofe  my  Parfon  ?  my  Prieft?  my 
Sir  Hugh?  no>  he  gives  me  the  proverbs  and  the  no- 
verbs.     Give  me   thy  hand,  terreftrialj  fo:    Give  me 
thy  hand,  celeftial^  fo.     Boys  of  art,  I  have  deceiv'd 
you  both :  I  have  directed  you  to  wrong  places :  your 
hearts  are  mighty,  your  skins  are  whole,  and  let  burn'd 
;  fack  be  the  Iffue.     Come,  lay  their  fwords  to  pawn. 
\  Follow  me,  lad  of  peace,  follow,  follow,  follow. 

ShaL  Truft  me,  a  mad  hoft.  Follow,  gentlemen, 
follow. 

Slen.  O  fweet  Anne  Page  I 

{Ex.  ShaL  Slen.  Page  and  Hoft. 

Caius.  Ha!  do  I  perceive  dat?  have  you  make  a-de- 
fot  of  us,  ha,  ha  ? 

Eva.  This  is  well,  he  has  made  us  his  vlouting- 
ftog.  I  defire  you,  that  we  may  be  friends  j  and  let 
us  knog  our  prains  together  to  be  revenge  on  this 
fame  fcald-fcurvy- cogging  companion,  the  Hoft  of  the 
Garter. 

Carus.  By  gar,  with  all  my  heart  ;  he  promife  to 
bring  me  where  is  Anne  Page  -,  by  gar,  he  deceive  me 
too. 

Eva.  Well,  I  will  fmite  his  noddles  j  pray  you,  fol- 
low =  {Exeunt, 

S  4  SCENE 


$,$4     &h*  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

SCENE,  The  Street,  in  Windfor. 

Enter  Mifirefs  Page,  and  Robin. 

Mrs.  Ptfge.TwT  A  Y,   keep  your  way,    little  gallant; 
jLN   you  were  wont  to  be  a  follower,  but 
now  you  are  a  leader.     Whether  had  you  rather  lead 
mine  eyes,  or  eye  your  mailer's  heels? 

Rob.  I  had  rather,  forfooth,  g°  before  you  like  a 
man,  than  follow  him  like  a  dwarf. 

Mrs.  Page.  O,  you  are  a  flattering  boy  $  no^r 
you'll  be  a  Courtier. 

Enter  Ford. 

Ford.  Well  met,  miftrefs  Page-,  whither  go  you? 

Mrs.  Page..  Truly,  Sir,  to  fee  your  wife;  is  flic  at 
home? 

Ford.  Ay ;  and  as  idle  as  me  may  hang  together, 
for  want  of  company  5  I  think  if  your  husbands  were 
Head,  you  two  would  marry. 

Mrs.  Page.  Be  fure  of  that,  two  other  husbands. 

Ford.  Where  had  you  this  pretty  weather-cock  ? 

Mrs.  Page.  I  cannot  tell  what  the  dickens  his  name 
is  my  husband  had  him  of:  what  do  you  call  yotfr 
Knight's  name,  firrah? 
1  Rob.  Sir  John  Falftaff. 

Ford.  Sir  John  Falftaff? 

Mrs.  Page.  He,   he-,    I  can  never  hit  on's  name; 
there  is  fuch  a  league  between  my  good  man  and  he. 
Is  your  wife  at  home,  indeed? 
■   Ford.  Indeed,  fhe  is. 

Mrs:  Page.  By  your  leave,  Sir  5  I  am  fick,  'till  I  fee 
her.  \_Exeunt  Mrs.  Page  and  Robin. 

Ford.  Has  Page  any  brains  ?  hath  he  any  eyes  ?  hath 
he  any  thinking?  fire,  they  fleep;  he  hath  no  ufe  of 
them.  Why,  this  boy  will  carry  a  letter  twenty  mile, 
as  eafyas  a  cannon  will  moot  point-blank  twelve-fcore* 
he  pieces  out  his  wife's  inclination  \  he  gives  her  folly 
.jnotion  and  advantage  5  and  now  lhe's  going  to  my 
ii.t,i    ...   .  \  •-  wife, 


The  Merry  ffhes  of  Windfor.     2^5 

wife,  and  Falftaff's  boy  with  her.  A  man  may  hear 
this  fliower  fing  in  the  wind :  and  Falftaff's  boy  with 
her !  good  plots  j  they  are  laid,  and  our  revolted 
wives  fliare  damnation  together.  Well,  I  will  take 
him,  then  torture  my  wife  5  pluck  the  borrowed  vail 
of  modefty  from  the  fo  feeming  miftrefs  Page,  divulge 
Page  himfelf  for  a  fecure  and  wilful  Alteon,  and  to  thefe 
violent  proceedings  all  my  neighbours  fliall  cry  aim. 
The  clock  gives  me  my  cue,  and  my  afTurance  bids 
me  fearchj  there  I  (hall  find  Falftaff:'!  fliall  be  rather 
praifed  for  this,  than  mocked  5  for  it  is  as  pofitive  as 
the  earth  is  firm,  that  Falftaff  is  there:  I  will  go. 

To  bim,  Enter  Page,  Shallow,  Slender,  Hoft,  Evans, 

and  Caius. 

Shal.  Page,  &c.  Well  met,  Mr.  Ford. 

Ford.  Truft  me,  a  good  knot :  I  have  good  cheer  at 
home,  and,  I  pray  you,  all  go  with  me. 

Shal.  I  rauft  excufe  my  felf,  Mr.  Ford. 

Slen.  And  fo  muft  I,  Sir>  we  have  appointed  to  dine 
with  Mrs.  Anne,  and  I  would  not  break  with  her  for 
more  mony  than  I'll  fpeak  of. 

Shal.  We  have  linger'd  about  a  match  between  Anne 
Page  and  my  coufin  Slender,  and  this  day  we  fliall  have 
our  anfwer. 

Slen.  I  hope,  I  have  your  good  will,  father  Page. 

Page.  You  have,  Mr.  Slender  >  I  ftand  wholly  for  you  5 
but  my  wife,  mailer  Doctor,  is  for  you  altogether. 

Cat.  Ay,  by  gar,  and  de  maid  is  love-a-me :  my 
Ti\xx(h'2i' Quickly  tell  me  fo  mufli. 

Hoft.  What  fay  you  to  young  Mr.  Fenton  ?  he  ca- 
pers, he  dances,  he  has  eyes  of  youth,  he  writes 
verfes,  he  fpeaks  holy-day,  he  fmells  April  and  May  5 
he  will  carry 't,  he  will  carry 't  -,  'tis  in  his  buttons,  he 
will  carry't. 

Page.  Not  by  my  confent,  I  promifc  you :  the  Gen- 
tleman is  of  no  Having,  he  kept  company  with  the  wild 
Prince  and  Poinz :  he  is  of  too  high  a  region,  he  knows 
too  much  j  no,  he  fliall  not  knit  a  knot  in  his  for- 
tunes with  the  finger  of  my  fubftance.  If  he  take  her, 
',l    *  •  let 


z6 6     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

let  him  take  her  (imply  $  the  wealth  I  have  waits  on 
my  confent,  and  my  confent  goes  not  that  way. 

Ford.  I  befeech  you,  heartily,  fome  of  you  go  home 
with  me  to  dinner  j  befides  your  cheer  you  ihall  have 
fportj  I  will  mew  you  a  monfter.  Mr.  Do&or,  you 
mall  go>  fo  fhall  you,  Mr.  Page,  and  you,  Sir  Hugh. 

Shal.  Well,  fare  you  well:  we  {hall  have  the  freer 
wooing  at  Mr.  Page's. 

Caius.  Go  home,  John  Rugby  9  I  come  anon. 

Ho  ft.  Farewel,-  my  hearts  $  I  will  to  my  honeft  Knight 
Falftaff)  and  drink  canary  with  him. 

Ford.  I  think,  I  fhall  drink  in  Pipe- wine  firfl  with 
him :  I'll  make  him  dance.    Will  you  go,  gentles  ? 

All.  Have  with  you,  to  fee  this  monfter.      \Exemt. 

SCENE  changes  to  FordV  Houfe. 

Enter  Mr s.  Ford,  Mrs,  Page,  and  Servants  'with  a  basket. 

Mrs.iW.  \T7HAT,  John,  what,  Robert/ 

VV      Mrs.  Page.  Quickly,  quickly:  is  the 
buck-basket  — 

Mrs.  Ford.  I  warrant.   What,  Robin,  I  fay. 

Mrs.  Page.  Come,  come,  come. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Here,  fet  it  down. 

Mrs.  Page.  Give  your  men  the  charge,  we  mull  be 
brief. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Marry,  as  I  told  you  before,  John  and 
Robert,  be  ready  here  hard-by  in  the  brew-houfe,  and 
when  I  fuddenly  call  you,  come  forth,  and  without  any 
paufe  or  ftaggering  take  this  basket  on  your  moulders > 
that  done,  trudge  with  it  in  all  hafte,  and  carry  it  a- 
mong  the  whitfters  in  Datchet-Mezd,  and  there  empty 
it  in  the  muddy  ditch  clofe  by  the  Thames-Cidc. 

Mrs. Page.  You  will  do  it? 

Mrs.  Ford.  I  ha'  told  them  over  and  over$  they 
lick  no  direction.^  Be  gone,  and  come  when  you  are 
call'd. 

Mrs.  Page.  Here  corwes  little  Robin. 

Int* 


The  Merry  iVives  0/ Windfor.     %6j 

Enter  Robin. 
Mrs.  Ford.  How  now,  my  Eyas-musket,  what  news 

with  you? 

Rob  My  mafter  Sir  John  is  come  in  at  your  back- 
door, miftrefs  Ford,  and  requefts  your  company. 

Mrs.  Page.  You  little  Jack-a-lent,  have  you  been  true 

to  us? 

Rob.  Ay,  I'll  be  fworn ;  my  mafter  knows  not  of 
your  being  here,  and  hath  threaten'd  to  put  me  into 
everlafting  liberty,  if  I  tell  you  of  it ;  for  he  fwears, 
he'll  turn  me  away. 

Mrs.  Page.  Thou'rt  a  good  boy  5  thisfecrecy  of  thine 
mail  be  a  tailor  to  thee,  and  mall  make  thee  a  new 
doublet  and  hofe.    I'll  go  hide  me. 

Mrs. Ford.  Do  fo;  go  tell  thy  mafter,  I  am  alone; 
miftrefs  Page^  remember  you  your  cue.      [Exit  Robin. 

Mrs.  Page.  I  warrant  thee  *  if  1  do  not  act  it,  hifs 
me.  [Exit  Mrs.  Page. 

Mrs  Ford.  Go  to  then  5  we'll  ufe  this  unwholfome 
humidity,  this  grofs  watry  pumpion— we'll  teach 
Jiim  to  know  turtles  from  jays. 

Enter  Falftaff. 

Fal.  Have  I  caught  thee,  my  hcav'nly  jewel?  why, 
now  let  me  die  \  for  I  have  liv'd  long  enough  :  this  is 
the  period  of  my  ambition:  O  this  blefled  hour!. 

Mrs. Ford.  O  fweet  Sir  John! 

Fal.  Mrs.  Ford^  I  cannot  cog  5  I  cannot  prate,  mif- 
trefs Ford :  now  fhall  I  fin  in  my  wifh.  I  would,  thy 
husband  were  dead ;  I'll  fpeak  it  before  the  beft  lord,  \ 
would  make  thee  my  lady. 

Mrs. Ford.  I  your  lady,  Sir  John?  alas,  I  mould  he 
a  pitiful  lady. 

Fal.  Let  the  Court  of  France  mew  me  fuch  another  \ 
I  fee  how  thine  eye  would  emulate  the  diamond :  thou 
haft  the  right  arched  bent  of  the  brow,  that  becomes 
the  (hip- tire,  the  tire- valiant,  or  any  Venetian  attire. 

Mrs.  Ford.  A  plain  kerchief,  Sir  John:  my  brows 
become  nothing  elfe,   nor  that  well  neither. 


2.68     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr. 

Fal.  Thou  art  a  tyrant  to  fay  fo ;  thou  would'ft 
make  an  abfolute  Courtier ;  and  the  firm  fixure  of  thy 
foot  would  give  an  excellent  motion  to  thy  gate,  in  a 
femi-circled  farthingale.  I  fee  what  thou  wert  $  if  for- 
tune thy  foe  were  not,  nature  is  thy  friend  :  come, 
thou  canfl:  not  hide  it. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Believe  me,  there's  no  fuch  thing  in  mc. 

Fal.  What  made  me  love  thee?  let  that  perfuade 
thee.  There's  fomething  extraordinary  in  thee.  Come, 
I  cannot  cog,  and  fay,  thou  art  this  and  that,  like  a- 
many  of  thefe  lifping  haw-thorn  buds,  that  come  like 
women  in  men's  apparel,  and  fmcll  like  Bucklers-Berry 
in  fimpling  time*  I  cannot:  but  I  love  thee,  none  but 
thee ;  and  thou  deferveft  it. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Do  not  betray  me,  Sir  $  I  fear,  you  love 
miftrefs  Page. 

Fal.  Thou  might'ft  as  well  fay,  I  love  to  walk  by 
the  Counter- gate,  which  is  as  hateful  to  me  as  the  reck 
of  a  lime-kiln. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Well,  heav'n  knows  how  I  love  you,  and 
you  fhall  one  day  find  it. 

Fal.  Keep  in  that  mind  ;  I'll  deferve  it. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Nay,  I  muft  tell  you,  fo  you  do  j  or  elfc 
I  could  not  be  in  that  mind. 

Rob.  [_witbin.~]  Miftrefs  Ford,  miftrefs  Ford,  here's 
miftrefs  Page  at  the  door,  fweating,  and  blowing,  and 
looking  wildly,and  would  needs  fpeak  with  you  prefently. 

Fal.  She  fhall  not  fee  mcj  I  will  enfeonce  me  be- 
hind the  arras. 

Mrs.Ford.  Pray  you,  do  fo \  fhe's  a  very  tattling  wo- 
man. [Falftaff  hides  himfelf. 

Enter  Miftrefs  Page. 

What's  the  matter  ?  how  now  ? 

Mrs.  Page.  O  miftrefs  Ford,  what  have  you  done? 
you're  fham'd,  y'are  overthrown,  you  are  undone  for 
ever. 

Mrs.  Ford.  What's  the  matter,  good  miftrefs  Page? 

Mrs.  Page.  O  well-a-day,  miftrefs  Ford,  having  an 
hdneft  nan  to  your  husband,  to  give  him  fuch  cauie  of 
fufpicion,  Mrs. 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr,     169 

Mrs.  Ford.  What  caufe  of  fufpicion? 
Mrs.  Page.  What  caufe  of  fufpicion?  out  upon  you! 
how  am  I  miftook  in  you  ? 

Mrs. Ford.  Why,  alas!  what's  the  matter? 

Mrs.  Page.  Your  husband's  coming  hither,  woman, 
with  all  the  officers  in  Windfor^  to  fearch  for  a  gentle- 
man, that,  he  fays,  is  here  now  in  the  houfe,  by  your 
1  confent,  to  take  an  ill  advantage  of  his  abfence.    You 
are  undone. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Speak  louder —  [_dfide~]  'Tis  not  fo,  I  hope. 

Mrs.  Page.  Pray  heav'n  it  be  not  fo,  that  you  have 
fuch  a  man  here ;  but  'tis  mod  certain,  your  husband's 
coming  with  half  JVindfor  at  his  heels,  to  fearch  for 
fuch  a  one.  I  come  before  to  tell  you :  if  you  know 
your  felf  clear,  why,  I  am  glad  of  if,  but  it  you  have 
,  a  friend  here,  convey,  convey  him  out.  Be  not  amaz'd, 
call  all  your  fenfes  to  you,  defend  your  reputation,  or 
bid  farewel  to  your  good  life  for  ever. 

Mrs.  Ford  What  mall  I  do?  there  is  a  gentleman, 
my  dear  friend  \  and  I  fear  not  mine  own  (hame,  fo 
much  as  his  peril.  I  had  rather  than  a  thoufand  pound, 
he  were  out  of  the  houfe. 

Mrs.  Page.  For  fhame,  never  ftand  you  had  rather •, 
and  you  had  rather  j  your  husband's  here  at  hand  $  be- 
think you  of  fome  conveyance,  in  the  houfe  you  can- 
not hide  him.  Oh,  how  have  you  deceiv'd  me?  look, 
here  is  a  basket,  if  he  be  of  any  reafonable  ftature,  he 
may  creep  in  here,  and  throw  foul  linnen  upon  him, 
as  if  it  were  going  to  bucking:  or  it  is  whiting  time, 
fend  him  by  your  two  men  to  Datchet-mezd. 

Mrs.  Ford.  He's  too  big  to  go  in  there :  what  fhall 
Ido? 

Re-enter  Falftaff. 

Fal.  Let  me  fee't,  let  me  fee't,  O  let  me  fee't  5  Til 
in,  I'll  in  ;  follow  your  friend's  counfel  j  I'll  in.- 

Mrs.  Page.  What!  Sir  John  Falftaff?  are  thefe  your 
letters,  Knight  ? 

Fal.  I  love  thee,  help  me  away ;  let  me  creep  in  here  : 
I'll  never 

[He  goes  into  the  hasket7  they  cover  him  'with  foul  linnen. 

Xvirs. 


xy  o     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

Mrs.  Page.  Help  to  cover  your  mafter,  boy:  call 
your  men,  miftrefs  Ford.    You  diffembling  Knight ! 

Mrs.  Ford.  What,  John,  Robert,  John,  go  take  up 
thefe  cloaths  here,  quickly.  Where's  the  cowl-ftaff? 
look,  how  you  drumble :  carry  them  to  the  landrefs  in 
Datchet-mc&d-,  quickly,  come. 

Enter  Ford,  Page,  Caius,  and  Evans. 

Ford.  Pray  you,  come  near  j  if  I  fufpeft  without 
caufe,  why  then  make  fport  at  me,  then  let  me  be 
your  jeft,  I  deferve  it.  How  now?  whither  bear  you 
this? 

Serv.  To  the  landrefs,  forfooth. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Why,  what  have  you  to  do  whither 
they  bear  it  ?  You  were  befl  meddle  with  buck-wafh- 
ing. 

Ford.  Buck  ?  I  would  I  could  wafti  my  felf  of  the 
buck :  buck,  buck,  buck  ?  ay,  buck :  I  warrant  you, 
buck,  and  of  the  feafon  too,  it  fhall  appear.  [Exeunt 
Servants  with  the  basket^  Gentlemen,  I  have  dream'd 
to  night,  I'll  tell  you  my  dream  :  here,  here,  here  be 
my  keys ;  afcend  my  chambers,  fearch,  feek,  find  out. 
I'll  warrant,  we'll  unkennel  the  fox.  Let  me  flop  this 
way  firft.     So,  now  uncape. 

Page.  Good  mafter  Ford,  be  contented  :  you  wrong 
your  felf  too  much. 

Ford.  True,. mafter  Page.  Up,  gentlemen,  you  {hall 
fee  fport  anon  -,  follow  me,  gentlemen. 

Eva.  This  is  ferry  fantaftical  humours  and  jealou* 
fies. 

Caius.  By  gar,  'tis  no  the  fafliion  of  France  j  it  is 
not  jealous  in  France 

Page.  Nay,  follow  him,  gentlemen,  fee  the  iffue  of 
his  fearch.  \Exeunt. 

Manent  Miftrefs  Page  and  Miftrefs  Ford. 

Mrs.  Page.  Is  there  not  a  double  excellency  in  this  ? 
Mrs.  Ford.    I   know  not  which   pleafcs  me  better, 
that  my  husband  is  deceiv'd,  or  Sir  John. 

Mrs.  i 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Wmdfor.      171 

Mrs.  Page.  What  a  taking  was  he  in,  when  your 
husband  ask'd  who  was  in  the  basket  > 

Mrs.  Ford.  I  am  half  afraid,  he  will  have  need  of 
wafhing ,  fo  throwing  him  into  the  water  will  do  him 
1  benefit. 

Mrs.  Page.  Hang  him,  difhoneft  rafcalj  I  would  all 
of  the  fame  ftrain  were  in  the  fame  diftrefs. 

Mrs.  Ford.  I  think,  my  husband  hath  fome  fpecial 
fufpicion  of  Falftaff's  being  here!  I  never  faw  him  fo 
grofs  in  his  jealoufie  till  now. 

Mrs.  Page.  I  will  lay  a  plot  to  try  that,  and  we  will 
yet  have  more  tricks  with  Falfiaff;  his  difiblute  difeafc 
Will  fcarce  obey  this  medicine. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Shall  we  fend  that  foolifli  carrion,  mif- 
trefs  Quickly^  to  him,  and  excufe  his  throwing  into  the 
water,  and  give  him  another  hope,  to  betray  him  to 
another  punifhment  ? 

Mrs. Page.  We'll  do  it;  let  him  be  fent  for  to  mor- 
row by  eight  a  clock,  to  have  amends. 

Re-enter  Ford,  Page,  &c. 

Ford.  I  cannot  find  him ;  may  be,  the  knave  bragged 
of  that  he  could  not  compafs. 

Mrs.  Page.  Heard  you  that? 

Mrs.  Ford.  I,  I;  peace: — You  ufe  me  well,  ma- 
iler Ford,  do  you? 

Ford.  Ay,  ay,  I  do  fo. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Heav'n  make  you  better  than  your 
thoughts ! 

Ford.  Amen. 

Mrs.  Page.  You  do  your  felf  mighty  wrong,  Mr, 
Ford. 

Ford.  Ay,  ayj  I  muft  bear  it. 

Eva.  If  there  be  any  pody  in  the  houfe,  and  in  the 
chambers,  and  in  the  coffers,  and  in  the  prefTes,  heav'n 
forgive  my  fins  at  the  day  of  Judgment. 

Cains.  By  gar,  nor  I  too  >  there  is  no  bodies. 

Page.  Fie,  fie,  Mr.  Ford,  are  you  not  amam'd?  what 
fpirit,  what  devil  fuggefls  this  imagination?  I  would 
not  ha'  your  diftemper  in  this  kind,  for  the  wealth  of 
Windfor  C&Jlk*  Ford. 


xji     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr. 

Ford.  Tis  my  fault,  Mr.  Page  :  I  fufFer  for  it. 

Eva.  You  fufFer  for  a  pad  confciencc  $  your  wife  is 
as  honeft  a  o'mans,  as  I  will  defires  among  five  thou- 
fand,  and  five  hundred  too. 

Cairn.  By  gar,  1  fee  'tis  an  honeft  woman. 

Fori.  Well,  I  promis'd  you  a  dinner}  come,  come, 
walk  in  the  park.  I  pray  you,  pardon  me  5  I  will 
hereafter  make  known  to  you,  why  I  have  done  this. 
Come,  wife  5  come,  miftrefs  Page  \  I  pray  you,  pardon 
me :  pray  heartily,   pardon  me. 

Page.  Let's  go  in,  gentlemen}  but  truft  me,  we'll 
mock  him.  I  do  invite  you  to  morrow  morning  to 
my  houfe  to  breakfaft}  after,  we'll  a  birding  together  $ 
I  have  a  fine  hawk  for  the  bufh.     Shall  it  be  fo  ? 

Ford.     Any  thing. 

Eva.  If  there  is  one,  I  fhall  make  two  in  the  com- 
pany. 

Cam.  If  there  be  one  or  two,  I  fhall  make-a  th« 
turd. 

Sir  Hugh.  In  your  Teeth,  for  Shame. 

Ford.  Pray  you  go,  Mr.  Page. 

Eva.  I  pray  you  now,  remembrance  to  morrow  on 
the  loufie  knave,  mine  Hoft. 

Cam.  Dat  is  good,  by  gar,  with  all  my  heart. 

Eva.  A  loufie  knave,  to  have  his  gibes,  and  his 
ttiockeries.  \RxwnU 

SCENE  changes  to  PageV  Houfe. 
Enter  Fenton  and  Miftrefs  Anne  Page. 

Tent  T  See,  I  cannot  get  thy  father's  love  } 

X  Therefore   no   more  turn  me  to  him,  fwect 
Nan. 

Anne.  Alas  !  how  then  ? 

Pent.  Why,  thou  mufl  be  thy  felf. 
He  doth  objeft,  I  am  too  great  of  birth  $ 
And  that  my  ftate  being  gall'd  with  my  expence, 
I  feek  to  heal  it  only  by  his  wealth. 
Befides  thefe,  other  bars  he  lays  before  me, 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbf;     xfj 

My  riots  part,  my  wild  focieties  : 
And  tells  me,  'tis  a  thing  impoffible 
I  mould  love  thee,  but  as  a  property. 

Anne.  May  be,  he  tells  you  true. 

Fent.  No,  heav'n  Co  fpeed  me  in  my  time  to  come ! 
Albeit,  I  will  confefs,  thy  father's  wealth 
Was  the  firft  motive  that  I  woo'd  thee,  Anne : 
Yet  wooing  thee,  I  found  thee  of  more  value 
Than  ftamps  in  gold,  or  fums  in  fealed  bags  $ 
And  'tis  the  very  riches  of  thy  felf 
That  now  I  aim  at. 

Anne.  Gentle  Mr.  Fent  on, 
Yet  feek  my  father's  love  :  ftill  feek  it,  Sir  $ 
If  opportunity  and  humbleft  fuit  (ip) 

Cannot  attain  it,  why  then hark  you  hither. 

[Fenton  and  Mrs.  Anne  go  apart. 

Enter  Shallow,  Slender,  and  Miflrefs  Quickly. 

Sal.  Break  their  talk,  miftrefs  Quickly;  my  kinfrriaii 
fliall  fpeak  for  himfelf. 

Slen.  I'll  make  a  (haft  or  a  bolt  oh't  :  'd'slid,  'tis  but 
venturing. 

Shal.  Be  not  difmay'd. 

Slen.  No,  {he  fhall  not  difmay  me  :  I  care  riot  for 
that,  but  that  I  am  affeard. 

§hfic.  Hark  ye,   Mr.  Slender  would  fpeak  a   word 
with  you. 

Anne.  I  come  to  him.  —  This  is  my  father's  choice. 
O,  what  a  world  of  vile  ill-favour'd  faults 
Look  handfome  in  three  hundred  pounds  a  year  ! 

Quic.  And  how  does  good  matter  Fenton  ?  pray  yoii, 
a  word  with  you. 

Shal.  She's  comings  to  her,  coz.   O  boy,  thouhadit 
a  father ! 

(19}  If  opportunity  and  humlleft  Suit]     Dr.  Thirlhy  imagines,  that 
bur  Author  with  more  Propriety  wrote  ; 

If  Importunity  and  humhleft  Suit  .       ,-.. 

I  have  not  ventur  d  to  difturb  the  Text,  becaufe,  tho1  an  'equal  Exact - 
nefs  be  not  maintain1  d  in  the  Expreffion,  it  may  mean,  *'  If  the  frequent 
'  Opportunities  you  find  of  folliciting  my  Father,  and  your  Obiequi- 
"  ouihefs  to  him,  cannot  get  him  over  to  your  Party,  (Jfc.  ,., 

Voc;  1.  r  silk 


^74     The  Merry  PPives  of  Windfor. 

Slen.  I  had  a  father,  Mrs.  Anne  j  my  uncle  can  tell 
you  good  jeits  of  him.  Pray  you,  uncle,  tell  Mrs.  Anne 
th$  jeft,  how  my  father  ftole  two  geefe  out  of  a  pen, 
good  uncle. 

Shal.  Miftrefs  Anne,  my  coufin  loves  you. 

Slen.  Ay,  that  I  do,  as  well  as  I  love  any  woman  in 
Gloucefterjhire. 

Shal.  He  will  maintain  you  like  a  gentlewoman. 

Slen.  Ay,  that  I  will  5  come  cut  and  long-tail,  under 
the  degree  of  a  Squire. 

Shal.  He  will  make  you  a  hundred  and  fifty  pounds 
jointure. 

Anne.  Good  mafter  Shallow,  let  him  woo  for  him* 
felf. 

Shal.  Marry,  I  thank  you  for  it;  I  thank  you  for 
that.  Good  comfort*  flie  calls  you,  coz:  I'll  leave 
you. 

Anne.  Now,  mafter  Slender. 

Slen.  Now,  good  miftrefs  Anne. 

Anne.  What  is  your  will  ? 

Slen.  My  Will  ?  od's-heart-lings,  that's  a  pretty  jeft, 
indeed,  I  ne'er  made  my  Will  yet,  I  thank  heav'n$  I 
am  not  fuch  a  fickly  creature,  1  give  heav'n  praife. 

Anne.  I  mean,  Mr.  Slender,  what  would  you  with 
me  ? 

Slen.  Truly,  for  my  own  part,  I  would  little  or  no- 
thing with  you  5  your  father  and  my  uncle  have  made 
motions  j  if  it  be  my  luck,  fo>  if  not,  happy  man  be 
his  dole !  they  can  tell  you  how  things  go,  better  than 
I  can  5  you  may  ask  your  father  j  here  he  comes. 

Enter  Page,  and  Miftrefs  Page. 

Page.    Now,  mafter   Slender :    love  him,  daughter 
Anne. 
— -Why  how  now  ?  what  does  mafter  Fenton  here? 
You  wrong  me,  Sir,  thus  ftill  to  haunt  my  houfe: 
I  told  you,  Sir,  my  daughter  is  difpo^'d  of. 
Frat.  Nay,  mafter  Page,  be  not  impatient. 
Mrs.  Page.  Good  Mafter  Fenton,  come  not  to  my 
child. 

P     '. 


tht  Merry  Wives  of  Wihdfor.     i^| 

Page.  She  is  no  match  for  you. 
Pent.  Sir,  will  you  hear  me? 
Page*  No,  good  mailer  Fenton. 
Come,  mailer  Shallow  >  come,  fori  Slender^  in. 
Knowing  my  mind,  you  wrong  me,  mailer  Fenton. 

{Exeunt  Page,  Shallow,  and  Slender, 
Quic.  Speak  to  miilrefs  Page. 

Fent.    Good    miitrefs  Page,   for    that  I   love   your 
daughter 
In  fuch  a  righteous  fafhion  as  I  do, 
Perforce,  againil  all  checks,  rebukes  and  manners* 
I  mud  advance  the  colours  of  my  love, 
And  not  retire.     Let  me  have  your  good  Will. 
Anne.  Good  mother,  do  not  marry  me  to  yon  fool. 
Mrs.  Page.  I  mean  it  not,  I  feek  you  a  bfetter  hut 
band. 
§)uh.  That's  my  mailer,  mailer  Doctor 
Anne.  Alas,  I  had  rather  be  fet  quick  i'th'  earth, 
And  bowl'd  to  death  with  turneps. 

Mrs.  Page.  Come,  trouble  not  your  felf,  good  mailer 
Fenton^ 
I  will  not  be  your  friend  nor  enemy : 
My  daughter  will  I  queilion  how  {he  loves  you^ 
And  as  I  find  her,  fo  am  I  affefted. 
'Till  then,  farewel,  Sir>  fhe  muft  needs  go  in, 
Her  father  will  be  angry.      \Ex.  Mrs.  Page  and  Anne. 
Fent.  Farewel,  gentle  miilrefs  $  farewel,  Nan. 
§uk.  This  is  my  doing  now.    Nay,  faid  1,  will  yotl 
cail  away  your  child  on  a  fool,  and  a  phyfician  ?  look 
on  mailer  Fenton:  this  is  my  doing. 

Fent.  I  thank  thee  5   and  I  pray  thee,  once  to  night 
Give  my  fweet  Nan  this  ring :  there's  for  thy  pains. 

[_Exita 
Quic.  Now  heav'n  fend  thee  good  fortune !  A  kind 
heart  he  hath,  a  woman  would  run  through  fire  and 
Water  for  fuch  a  kind  heart.  But  yet,  I  would  my 
mailer  had  miilrefs  Anne$  or  I  would  Mr.  Slender  had 
her  5  Or,  in  footh,  I  would  Mr.  Fenton  had  her.  I  will 
do  what  I  can  for  them  all  three,  for  fo  I  have  pro- 
inis'd}  and  I'll  be  as  good  as  my  word,  but  fpeciouily 

T  z  for 


276     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr. 

for  Mr.  Fenton.  Well,  I  muft  of  another  errand  to  Sir 
John  Falftaff  from  my  two  miftreffes  5  what  a  beaft  am 
I  to  flack  it  ?  {Exit. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Garter-Inn. 

Enter  Falftaff  and  Bardolph. 

Fal  TYJrdolph,  I  fay. 

J3  Bard.  Here,  Sir, 
Fal.  Go  fetch  me  a  quart  of  fack,  put  a  toaft  in't. 
{Ex.  Bard.]  Have  I  liv'd  to  be  carry 'd  in  a  basket, 
like  a  barrow  of  butchers  offal,  and  to  be  thrown  in- 
to the  Thames  ?  well,  if  I  be  ferv'd  fuch  another  trick, 
I'll  have  my  brains  ta'en  out  and  butter'd,  and  give 
them  to  a  dog  for  a  new-year's  gift.  The  rogues 
flighted  me  into  the  river,  with  as  little  remorfe 
(2.0)  as  they  would  have  drown'd  a  bitch's  blind  puppies, 
fifteen  i'  th'  litter  5  and  you  may  know,  by  my  fize, 
that  I  have  a  kind  of  alacrity  in  finking  :  if  the  bot- 
tom were  as  deep  as  hell,  I  fliould  down.  I  had  been 
drown'd,  but  that  the  fliore  was  fhelvy  and  fhallow  >  a 
death  that  I  abhor j  for  the  water  fwells  a  man:  and 
what  a  thing  fliould  I  have  been,  when  I  had  been 
fwell'd?  I  fliould  have  been  a  mountain  of  mummy. 

Enter  Bardolph. 

Now,  is  the  Sack  brew'd? 

Bard.  Here's  Mrs.  Quickly,  Sir,  to  fpeak  with  you. 

Fal.  Come,  let  me  pour  in  fome  fack  to  the  Thames- 
waterj  for  my^  belly's  as  cold  as  if  I  had  fwallow'd 

(20)  As  they  would  have  drowned  a  blind  bitch's  puppies,']  I  have 
ventur'd  to  tranfpofe  the  Adjeftive  here,  againft  the  Authority  of  the 
printed  Copies.  I  know,  in  Horfes,  a  Colt  from  a  blind  Stallion  lofes 
much  of  the  Value  it  might  otherwife  have;  but  are  puppies  ever  drown'd 
the  fooner,  for  coming  from  a  blind  Bitch  ?  Two  other  PafTages  in  our 
Author  countenance  the  Tranfpofition  I  have  made. 

Launce,  in  2  Gent,  of  Verona.' 

Qnc,  that  I  fanSd  from  drowning,  when  three  or  four  of  his 
Mind  brothers  and Jijiers  went  to  it. 
And  J  ago,  in  Othello  : 

Ceme^be  a  Man',  drown  thy  f elf  ?  drown  Cats  and  blind  Puppies. 

ihow- 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.      277 

fnow-balls,  for  pills  to  cool  the  reins.     Call  her  in. 
Bard.  Come  in,  woman. 

Enter  Miftrefs  Quickly. 

Quic.  By  your  leave :  I  cry  you  mercy.  Give  your 
wormip  good  morrow. 

Fal.  Take  away  thefe  challices :  go  brew  me  a  pot- 
tle of  fack  finely. 

Bard.  With  eggs,  Sir? 

Fal.  Simple  of  it  felf:  I'll  no  pullet-fperm  in  my 
brewage.     How  now  ? 

§uic.  Marry,  Sir,  I  come  to  your  worfhip  from 
miftrefs.  Ford. 

Fal.  Miftrefs  Ford?  I  have  had  Ford  enough}  I 
was  thrown  into  the  Ford  $  I  have  my  belly  full  of 
Ford. 

§uic.  Alas  the  day!  good  heart,  that  was  not  her 
fault:  fhe  does  fo  take  on  with  her  men 5  they  mif- 
took  their  erection. 

Fal.  So  did  I  mine,  to  build  on  a  foolifti  woman's 
promife. 

Quic.  Well,  fhe  laments,  Sir,  for  it,  that  it  would 
yern  your  heart  to  fee  it.  Her  husband  goes  this  morn- 
ing a  birding  j  fhe  defires  you  once  more  to  come  to 
her  between  eight  and  nine.  I  muft  carry  her  word 
quickly^  fhe'll  make  you  amends,  I  warrant  you. 

Fal.  Well,  I  will  vifit  her  5  tell  her  fo,  and  bid  her 
think,  what  a  man  is:  let  her  confider  his  frailty,  and 
then  judge  of  my  merit, 

§)uic.  I  will  tell  her. 

Fal  Do  fo.    Between  nine  and  ten,  fay'ft  thou? 

§)uic.  Eight  and  nine,  Sir. 

Fal.  Well,  be  gone*  I  will  not  mifs  her. 

§)uic.  Peace  be  with  you,  Sir.  \_Exit. 

Fal.  I  marvel,  I  hear  not  of  mafter  Brook ;  he  fent 
me  word  to  ftay  within :  I  like  his  mony  well.  Oh* 
here  he  comes, 

T  3  Enter 


f7?     Tbe  Merry  Wwes  of  Windfor. 

Enter  Ford. 

Ford.  Blefs  you,  Sir. 

Fal  Now,  mafter  Brook,  you  come  to  know  what 
hath  pafs'd  between  me  and  Ford's  wife. 

Ford.  That,  indeed,  Sir  John,  is  my  bufinefs. 

Fal.  Mafter  Brook,  I  will  not  lie  to  you  j  I  was  at 
her  houfe  the  hour  {he  appointed  me. 

Ford.  And  you  fped,  Sir  ? 

Fal.  Very  Ul-favour'dly,  mafter  Brook. 

Ford.  How,  Sir,  did  fhe  change  her  determination  ? 

Fal  No,  mafter  Brook -y  but  the  peaking  cornuto  her 
husband,  mafter  Brook,  dwelling  in  a  continual  larum, 
of  jealoufie,  comes  me  in  the  inftant  of  our  encoun- 
ter j  after  we  had  embrae'd,  kifs'd,  protefted,  and  as 
it  were  fpoke  the  prologue  of  our  comedy}  and  at  his 
heels  a  rabble  of  his  companions,  thither  provok'd  and 
inftigated  by  his  diftemper,  and,  forfooth,  tq  fearch  his 
houfe  for  his  wife's  love. 

Ford.  What,  while  you  were  there? 

Fal.  While  I  was  there. 

Ford,  And  did  he  fearch  for  you,  and  could  not  find 


Fal.  You  fhall  hear.  As  good  luck  would  have  it, 
comes  in  one  miftrefs  Page,  gives  intelligence  of  Ford's 
approach,  and  by  her  invention,  and  Ford's  wife's 
diftradtion,  they  convey'd  me  into  a  buck-basket. 

Ford.  A  buck-basket  ? 

Fah  Yea,  a  buck-basket;  ramm'd  me  in  with  fou\ 
fhirts  and  fmocks,  focks,  foul  ftockings,  and  greafie 
napkins  >  that,  mafter  Brook,  there  was  the  ranked 
compound  of  villainous  fmell,  that  ever  offended  noftril. 

Ford.  And  how  long  lay  you  there  ? 

Fal.  Nay,  you  ftiall  hear,  mafter  Brook,  what  \ 
have  fuffer'd,  to  bring  this  woman  to  evil  for  your 
good.  Being  thus  cramm'd  in  the  basket,  a  couple 
of  Ford's  knaves,  his  hinds,  were  eall'd  forth  by  their 
miftrefs,  to  carry  me  in  the  name  of  foul  cloaths  to 
Datchet-Iane;  they  took  me  on  their  fhoulders,  met 
the  jealous  knave  their  mafter  in  the  door,  who  ask'd 

them 


The  Merry  JVives  of  Windfor.      279 

them  once  or  twice  what  they  had  in  their  basket  >  I 
quak'd  for  fear,  left  the  lunatick  knave  would  have 
fearch'd  it;  but  fate,  ordaining  he  fhould  be  a  cuc- 
kold, held  his  hand.  Well,  on  went  he  for  a  fearch, 
and  away  went  I  for  foul  cloaths  ;  but  mark  the  fe- 
quel,  mafter  Brook  ;  I  fuffered  the  pangs  of  three  egre- 
gious deaths  :  fir  ft,  an  intolerable  fright,  to  be  de- 
tected by  a  jealous  rotten  bell- weather  ;  next  to  be 
compafs'd  like  a  good  bilbo,  in  the  circumference  of 
a  peck,  hilt  to  point,  heel  to  head  ;  and  then  to  be 
ftopt  in,  like  a  ftrong  diftillation,  with  (linking  cloaths 
that  fretted  in  their  own  greafe:  think  of  that,  a  man 
of  my  kidney;  think  of  that,  that  am  as  fubject  to 
heat  as  butter  5  a  man  of  continual  diflblution  and 
thaw,  it  was  a  miracle  to  'fcape  fuffbeation.  And  in 
the  height  of  this  bath,  when  I  was  more  than  half 
ftew'd  in  greafe,  like  a  Dutch  dim,  to  be  thrown  in- 
to the  Thames,  and  cooTd  glowing  hot,  in  that  furge, 
like  a  horfe-fhoe  ';  think  of  that*  hiffing  hot;  think 
of  that,  mafter  Brook, 

Ford.  In  good  fadnefs,  Sir,  I  am  forry  that  for  my 
fake  you  foffer'd  all  this.  My  fuit  is  then  defperate; 
you'll  undertake  her  no  more? 

Fal.  Mafter  Brook,  I  will  be  thrown  into  Etna,  as 
I  have  been  into  fhames,  ere  I  will  leave  her  thus. 
Her  husband  is  this  morning  gone  a  birding  ;  I  have 
receiv'd  from  her  another  embaffie  of  meeting  ;  'twixt 
eight  and  nine  is  the  hour,  mafter  Brook. 

Ford.  'Tis-  paft  eight  already,  Sir. 

Fal.  Is  it?  I  will  then  addrefc  me  to  my  appoint- 
ment. Come  to  me  at  your  convenient  leifure,  and 
you  fhall  know  how  I  fpeed;  and  the  conclufion  fhall 
be  crown'd  with  your  enjoying  her  5  adieu,  you  fhall 
have  her,  mafter  Brook  \  mafter  Brook,  you  {hall  cuc- 
kold Ford-  \_Exit. 

Ford.  Hum!  ha!  is  this  a  viflon?  is  this  a  dream? 
do  I  fleep?  mafter  Ford,  awake;  awake,  mafteF  Ford, 
there's  a  hole  made  in  your  beft  coat,  mafter  Ford\  this 
'tis  to  be  married  !  this  'tis  to  have  linnen  and  buck-bas- 
ket* !  well,  I  will  proclaim  my  felf  what  I  am  5  I  will  now 

T  4  take 


sl8o     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr. 

take  the  leacher  j  he  is  at  my  houfe  j  he  cannot  'fcapc 
me;  'tis  impoffible,  he  fhouldj  he  cannot  creep  into, 
a  half- penny  purfe,  nor  into  a  pepper-box.  But,  left 
the  devil  that  guides  him  fhould  aid  him,  I  will  fearch 
impoffible  places  $  tho'  what  I  am  I  cannot  avoid,  yet 
to  be  what  I  would  not,  mall  not  make  me  tame:  if  I 
have  horns  to  make  one  mad,  let  the  proverb  go  with 
ine,  I'll  be  horn-mad.  [Exit. 


A'g    T      IV. 

SCENE,    Page'*  houfe. 

j&nter  Mifirefs  Page,  Mifirefs  Quickly,  and  William. 

Mrs.  Page. 

S,  he  at  Mr.  Ford's  already,  think'fi:  thou? 

Quic.  Sure,  he  is  by  this,  or  will  be  prefently  $ 
but  truly  he  is  very  courageous  mad,  about  his 
throwing  into  the  water  3  Mrs.  Ford  defi res  you  to  come 
fuddenly. 

"Mrs.  Page.  I'll  be  with  her  by  and  by*  I'll  but 
bring  my  young  man  here  to  fchool.  Look,  where 
his  mailer  comes  j  'tis  a  playing-day,  I  fee.  How  now. 
Sir  Hugh,  no  fchool  to  day? 

Enter  Evans. 

Eva.  No  j  mafter  Slender  is  let  the  boys  leave  to 
flay. 
f   §uk.  Blefling  of  his  heart. 

Mrs. 'Page.  Sir  Hugh,  my  husband  fays,  my  fon  pro- 
fits nothing  in  the  world  at  his  book  5  I  pray  you,  ask 
him  fome  queflions  in  his  Accidence. 

Eva.  Come  hither,  William  5    hold  up   your  head, 
Come. 
v        •  Mrs. 


*fhe  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.     281 

Mrs.  Page.   Come  on,  Sirrah,  hold  up  your  head  5 
anfwer  your  mafter,  be  not  afraid. 

Eva.  William,  how  many  numbers  is  in  nouns? 

Will.  Two. 

Quic.  Truly,  I  thought  there  had  been  one  number 
more,  becaufe  they  fay,  od's  nouns. 

Eva.   Peace  your  tatlings.     What  is,  Fair,  William? 

Will.  Pulcher. 

Quic.  Poulcats  ?  there  are  fairer  things  than  poulcats, 
{ure. 

Eva.  You  are  a  very  fimplicity  o'manj  I  pray  you, 
peace.     What  is,  Lapis,  William? 
\   Will.  A  ftone. 

Eva.  And  what  is  a  ftone,  William? 

Will.  A  pebble. 

Eva.  No,  it  is  Laps:  I  pray  you,  remember  in  your 
prain. 

Will.  'Lapis. 

Eva.  That  is  a  good  William :  what  is  he,  William, 
that  does  lend  articles  ?  [ 

Will.  Articles  are  borrow'd  of  the  pronoun,  and  be 
thus  declin'd,  Jingulariter  nominativo,  hie,  hac,  hoc. 

Eva.   Nominativo,  hig,  hag,  hog;   pray  you,  mark: 
genitivo,  hujus :  well,  what  is  your  accufative  cafe? 

Will.  Accufative,  hinc. 

Eva.  I  pray  you,   have  your  remembrance,  child  j 
accufative,  hung,  hang,  hog. 

S^uic.  Hang  hog  is  Latin  for  bacon,  I  warrant  you. 

Eva.  Leave  your  prabbles,  o'man.     What  is  the/tf- 
cative  cafe,  William? 

Will.  O,  vocativo,  O. 

Eva.  Remember,  William,  focative  is  caret. 

ghiic.  And  that's  a  good  root. 

Eva.  O'man,  forbear. 

Mrs.  Page.  Peace. 

Eva.  What  is  your  genitive  cafe  plural,  William? 

Will.  Genitive  cafe? 

Eva.  Ay. 

Will.  Genitive,  horum,  harum,  horum. 

<jj>uic. 


i8*     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor, 

» 

Quick.  'Vengeance  of  Ginyes  czky  fie  on  her>  never 
name  her,  child,  if  fhe  be  a  whore. 

Eva.  For  ftiarne,  o'man. 

Quic.  You  do  ill  to  teach  the  child  fudt  Words :  he 
leaches  him  ro  hick  and  to  hack,  which  they'll  do  faft 
enough  of  themfelves*  and  to  call  horurtiy  fie  upon 
yon! 

Eva.  O'man,  art  thou  lunacies?  haft  thou  no  un- 
derftandings  for  thy  cafes,  and  the  numbers  of  the 
genders?  thou  art  as  foolifh  chriftian  creatures,  as  I 
Would  defire. 

Mrs.  Page.  Pr'ythee,  hold  thy  peace. 

Eva.  Shew  me  now,  William^  fome  declenfions  of 
your  pronouns. 

Will.  Forfooth,  I  have  forgot. 

Eva.  It  is  qui)  qu<e^  quod-,  if  you  forget  your  quies, 
your  qu£S)  and  your  quods9  you  muft  be  preeches:  gd 
your  ways  and  play,  go. 

Mrs.  Page.  He  is  a  better  fcholar,  than  I  thought 
he  was.' 

Eva.  He  is  a  good  fprag  memory.  Farewel,  Mrs. 
Page. 

Mrs.  Page.  Adieu,  good  Sir  Hugh.  Get  you  home, 
boy.    Come,  wcr  ftay  top  long.  \JLxeunt\ 

SCENE  changes  to  Ford\r  houfe. 

Unter  FalftafF  and  Miftrefs  Ford. 

Fal.  A  yf  I  STRESS  Ford,  your  forrow  hath  eaten 
JLVA  up  my  faflferance  j  I  fee  you  are  obfequi- 
ous  in  your  love,  and  I  profefs  requital  to  a  hair's 
breadthj  not  only,  miftrefs  Ford,  in  the  fimple  office 
of  love,  but  in  all  the  accouftrement,  complement, 
and  ceremony  of  it.  But  are  you  fure  of  your  hus-« 
band  now? 

Mrs.  Ford.  He's  a  btrding,  fweet  Sir  John. 

Mrs.  Pjige.  \yoiihln^  What  hoa,  goffip  Ford/  what 

h0a!  nyr 

Mrs, 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr.     i8  5 

Mrs.  Ford.  Step  into  th'  chamber,  Sir  John. 

[Exit  Falftaff, 

Enter  Mifirefs  Page. 

Mrs.  Page.  How  now,  fweet  heart,  who's  at  home 
befides  your  felf  ? 

Mrs.  Ford.  Why  none  but  mine  own  people. 

Mrs.  Page.  Indeed? 

Mrs.  Ford.  No,  certainly- — -  Speak  louder.  [Afide. 

Mrs.  Page.  Truly,  I  am  fo  glad  you  have  no  body 
here. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Why? 

Mrs.  Page.  Why,  woman,  your  husband  is  in  his 
old  lunes  again j  he  fo  takes  on  yonder  with  my  hus- 
band, fo  rails  againft  all  married  mankind,  fo  curfes 
all  Eve's  daughters,  of  what  complexion  foever,  and  fo 
buffets  himfelf  on  the  fore-head,  crying,  peer-out^  peet- 
out!  that  any  madnefs  I  ever  yet  beheld  feem'd  btit 
tamenefs,  civility,  and  patience,  to  this  diftempef  he  is 
in  now  5  1  am  glad,  the  fat  Knight  is  not  here. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Why,  does  he  talk  of  him? 

Mrs.  Page.  Of  none  but  him ;  and  fwears,  he  was 
carry'd  out,  the  laft  time  he  fearch'd  for  hirn,  in  a 
basket  5  protefts  to  my  husband,  he  is  now  here ;  and 
hath  drawn  him  and  the  reft  of  their  company  from 
their  fport,  to  make  another  experiment  of  his  fufpi- 
cion }  but  I  am  glad,  the  Knight  is  not  here  5  now  he 
ihall  fee  his  own  foolery. 

Mrs.  Ford.  How  near  is  he,  miftrefs  Paget 

Mrs.  Page.  Hard  by,  at  ftreet's  end,  he  will  be  here 
anon. 

Mrs.  Ford.  I  am  undone,  the  Knight  is  here. 

Mrs.  Page.  Why,  then  thou  art  utterly  fham'd,  and 
he's  but  a  dead  maa.  What  a  woman  are  you  ?  away 
with  him,  away  with  him*  better,  fhame  than  mur- 
ther. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Which  way  fliould  he  go  ?  how  fhould 
\  bellow  him?  fhall  I  put  him  into  the  basket  again? 


z84     The  Merry  Wives  of  Wmdfot\ 

Enter  Falftaff. 

Fal.  No,  I'll  come  no  more  i'th'  basket:  may  I 
not  go  out,  ere  he  come  ? 

Mrs.  Page.  Alas!  alas!  three  of  mafter  Ford's  bro- 
thers watch  the  door  with  piftols,  that  none  fhould 
iflue  out,  otherwife  you  might  flip  away  ere  he  came : 
but  what  make  you  here  ? 

Fal.  What  fhall  I  do  ?  I'll  creep  up  into  the  chim- 
ney. 

Mrs.  Ford.  There  they  always  ufe  to  difcharge  their 
birding-pieces$  creep  into  the  kill-hole. 

Fal.  Where  i*  it  ? 

Mrs.  Ford.  He  will  feek  there,  on  my  word :  nei- 
ther prefs,  coffer,  chert,  trunk,  well,  vault,  but  he 
hath  an  abftract  for  the  remembrance  of  fuch  places, 
and  goes  to  them  by  his  note  5  there  is  no  hiding  you 
in  the  houfe. 

Fal.  I'll  go  out  then. 

Mrs.  Ford.  If  you  go  out  in  your  own  femblance, 
you  die,  Sir  John,  unlefs  you  go  out  difguis'd.  How 
might  we  difguife  him  ? 

Mrs.  Page.  Alas-the-day,  I  know  not*  there  is  no 
woman's  gown  big  enough  for  him  $  otherwife,  he 
might  put  on  a  hat,  a  muffler,  and  a  kerchief,  and  fo 
efcape. 

Fal.  Good  heart,  devife  fomethingj  any  extremity, 
rather  than  mifchief. 

Mrs.  Ford.  My  maid's  aunt,  the  fat  woman  of  Brain* 
ford,  has  a  gown  above. 

Mrs.  Page.  On  my  word,  it  will  ferve  him  5  fhe's 
as  big  as  he  is,  and  there's  her  thrumb  hat,  and  her 
muffler  too.    Run  up,  Sir  John. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Go,  go,  fweet  Sir  John\  miftrefs  Page 
and  I  will  look  fome  linnen  for  your  head. 

Mrs.  Page.  Quick,  quick,  we'll  come  drefs  you 
flraightj  put  on  the  gown  the  while.  [_Ex.  Falftaff. 

Mrs.  Ford.  I  would,  my  husband  would  meet  him 
in  this  fhape  ->  he  cannot  abide  the  old  woman  of  Brain* 
fords  he  fwears,  fhe's  a  witch,  forbad  her  my  houfe, 
and  hath  threatned  to  beat  her.  Mrs. 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.     285 

Mrs.  Page.  Heav'n  guide  him  to  thy  husband's  cud- 
gel, and  the  devil  guide  his  cudgel  afterwards! 

Mrs.  Ford.  But  is  my  husband  coming? 

Mrs.  Page.  Ay,  in  good  fadnefs  is  he ;  and  talks  of 
the  basket  too,  however  he  hath  had  intelligence. 

Mrs.  Ford.  We'll  try  that  5  for  I'll  appoint  my  men 
to  carry  the  basket  again,  to  meet  him  at  the  door 
with  it,  as  they  did  laft  time. 

Mrs.  Page.  Nay,  but  he'll  be  here  prefentlyj  let's 
go  drefs  him  like  the  witch  of  Brainford. 

Mrs.  Ford.  I'll  firft  direct  my  men,  what  they  {hall 
do  with  the  basket 5  go  up,  I'll  bring  linnen  for  him 
ftraight. 

Mrs,  Page.  Hang  him,  difhoneft  varlet,  we  cannot 
mifufe  him  enough. 

We'll  leave  a  proof,  by  that  which  we  will  do, 
Wives  may  be  merry,  and  yet  honeft  too. 
We  do  not  aft,  that  often  jeft  and  laugh  : 
'Tis  old  but  true,  Still  pwine  eats  all  the  draugh. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Go,  Sirs,  take  the  basket  again  on  your 
moulders }  your  mafter  is  hard  at  doorj  if  he  bid  you 
fet  it  down/  obey  him:  quickly,  difpatch. 

[Exeunt  Mrs.  Page  and  Mrs.  Ford. 

Enter  Servants  with  the  basket. 

1  Serv.  Come,  come,  take  up. 
z  Serv.   Pray  heav'n,  it  be  not  full  of  the  Knight 
again. 

1  Serv.  I  hope  not.    I  had  as  lief  bear  fo  much  lead. 

Enter  Ford,  Shallow,  Page,  Caius  and  Evans. 

Ford.  Ay,  but  if  it  prove  true,  mafter  Page,  have 
you  any  way  then  to  unfool  me  again  ?  fet  down  the 
basket,  villain;  fomebody  call  my  wife:  youth  in  a 
basket!  oh  you  panderly  rafcals,  there's  a  knot,  a 
gang,  a  pack,  a  confpiracy,  againft  me :  now  fhall  the 
devil  be  iham'd.  What!  wife,  I  fay 5  come,  come 
forth,  behold  what  honeft  cloaths  you  fend  forth  to 
bleaching. 

Page* 


i8r     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

Page.  Why,  this  paffes,  mafter  Ford,'  -  ■  »  you  are 
hot  to  go  loofe  any  longer,  you  muft  be  pinnion'd. 

Eva.  Why,  this  is  lunaticks  >  this  is  mad  as  a  mad 
dog. 

Enter  Mrs.  Ford. 

Shal.  Indeed,  mafter  Ford,  this  is  not  well,  indeed. 

Ford.  So  fay  I  too,  Sir.  Come  hither,  miftrefs  Ford% 
iniftrefs  Ford,  the  honeft  woman,  the  modeft  wife,  the 
virtuous  creature,  that  hath  the  jealous  fool  to  her  hus- 
band !  I  fufpect  without  caufe,  miftrefs,  do  I  ? 

Mrs.  Ford.  Heav'n  be  my  witnefs  you  do,  if  you  fuf- 
pe£fc  me  in  any  diftionefty. 

Ford.  Well  faid,  brazen-face  >  hold  it  out :  come 
forth,  Sirrah.  {Pulls  the  cloatbs  out  of  the  basket. 

Page.  This  pafles>- ~~ 

Mrs.  Ford.  Are  you  not  afham'd,  let  the  cloaths 
alone. 

Ford.  I  fhall  find  you  anon. 

Eva.  'Tis  unreafonable ;  will  you  take  up  your  wife's 
cloaths?  come  away. 

Ford.  Empty  the  basket,  I  fay. 

Mrs.  Ford,  Why,  man,  why? 

Ford.  Mafter  Page,  as  I  am  a  man*  there  was  one 
convey'd  out  of  my  houfe  yefterday  in  this  basket  j 
why  may  not  he  be  there  again  ?  in  my  houfe  I  ant 
fure  he  is ;  my  intelligence  is  true,  my  jealoufie  is  rea- 
fonable;  pluck  me  out  all  the  linnen. 

Mrs.  Ford.  If  jou  find  a  man  there*  he  fhall  die  a 
flea's  death. 

Page.  Here's  no  man. 

Shal.  By  my  fidelity,  this  is  not  well*  mafter  Ford% 
this  wrongs  you. 

Eva.  Mafter  Ford*  you  muft  pray,  and  not  follow 
the,  imaginations  of  your  own  heart  j  this  is  jealoufies. 

Ford.  Well,  he's  not  here  I  feek  for. 

Page.  No,  nor  no  where  elfe  but  in  your  brain. 

Ford.  Help  to  fearch  my  hpufe  this  one  time*  if  I 
find  not  what  I  feek,   fhew  np  colour  for  my  extre- 
mity >  let  me  for  ever  be  your  table-fport  -,  let  them 
fay  of  me,    as  jealous  as  Ford,-    that  fearched  a  hol- 
low 


The  Merry  ffhes  of  Wiodfor.     187 

low  wall- nut  for  his  wife's  leman.  Satisfie  me  once 
more,  once  more  fearch  with  me. 

Mrs.  Ford.  What  hoa,  miftrefs  Page/  come  you,  and 
the  old  woman  down*  my  husband  will  come  into  the 
chamber. 

Ford.  Old  woman!  what  old  woman's  that? 

Mrs.  Ford.  Why,  it  is  my  maid's  aunt  of  Brainford. 

Ford.  A  witch,  a  quean,  an  old  cozening  quean^ 
have  I  not  forbid  her  my  hotife?  (he  comes  of  errands, 
does  (he?  we  are  fimple  men,  we  do  not  know  what's 
brought  to  pafs  under  the  profeffion  of  fortune- telling* 
She  works  by  charms,  by  fpells,  by  th'  figure  >  and 
fuch  dawbry  as  this  is  beyond  our  element  5  we  know 
nothing.  Come  down,  you  witch  5  you  hag  you> 
come  down,  I  fay. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Nay,  good  fweet  husband  5  good  gen- 
tlemen, let  him  not  ftrike  the  old  woman. 

Enter  Falftaff  in  womens  cloaths,  and  Mrs.  Page. 

Mrs.  Page,  Come,  mother  Prat^  come,  give  me  your 
hand. 

Ford.  I'll  Prat  her.  Out  of  my  door,  you  witch  I 
[Beats  him.']  you  hag,  you  baggage,  you  poulcat,  you 
runnion!  out,  out,  out)  I'll  conjure  you,  I'll  fortune- 
tell  you.  [Exit  Fah 

Mrs.  Page.  Are  you  not  afham'd?  I  think,  you  have 
kill'd  the  poor  woman. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Nay,  he  will  do  it  3  'tis  a  goodly  credit 
for  you. 

Ford.  Hang  her,  witch. 

Eva.  By  yea  and  no,  I  think,  the  o'man  is  a  witch 
indeed :  I  like  not,  when  a  o'man  has  a  great  peard  -9 
I  fpy  a  great  peard  under  her  muffler. 

Ford.  Will  you  follow,  gentlemen?  I  befeech  you* 
follow  5  fee  but  the  iffue  of  my  jealoufie$  (2.1)  if  I  cry 

out 

(21)  If  I  cry  out  thus  upon  no  tryal,  never  trufl  me  when  I  open  a- 
gain.l  This  is  a  Corruption  of  the  modern  Editions :  the  Confequence 
cither  of  Indolence,  or  Ignorance.  The  two  firft  Folio's  have  it  rightly, 
trajle ;  which  is  a  hunting-terrrte,  and  correfponds  with  cry  out,  and  open. 

Our 


f      %  8  8     The  Merry  Wives  of  Wind/on 

out  thus  upon  no  trail,  never  truft  me  when  I  open  a* 
gain. 

Page.  Let's  obey  his  humour  a  little  further :  come* 
gentlemen.  [Exeunt. 

Mrs.  Page.  Truft  me,  he  beat  him  moft  pitifully. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Nay,  by  th'  mafs,  that  he  did  not  j  he 
beat  him  moft  unpitifully,  methought. 

Mrs.  Page.  I'll  have  the  cudgel  hallow'd  and  hung 
o'er  the  altar  j  it  hath  done  meritorious  fervice. 

Mrs.  Ford.  What  think  you?  may  we,  with  the 
warrant  of  woman-hood,  and  the  witnefs  of  a  good 
confcience,  purfue  him  with  any  further  revenge  ? 

Mrs.  Page.  The  fpirit  of  wantonnefs  is,  fure,  fcar'd 
out  of  him  -,  if  the  devil  have  him  not  in  fee-fimple, 
with  fine  and  recovery,  he  will  never,  I  think,  in  the 
way  of  wafte,  attempt  us  again. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Shall  we  tell  our  husbands  how  we  have 
ferved  him? 

Mrs.  Page.  Yes,  by  all  means  j  if  it  be  but  to  fcrape 
the  figures  out  of  your  husband's  brain.  If  they  can 
find  in  their  hearts  the  poor  linvirtuous  fat  Knight 
fhall  be  any  further  afflicted,  we  two  will  ftill  be  the 
minifters. 

Mrs.  Ford.  I'll  warrant,  they'll  have  him  publickly 
fham'd  -9  and,  methinks,  there  would  be  no  period  to 
the  jeft,  mould  he  not  be  publickly  fham'd. 

Mrs.  Page.  Come  to  the  forge  with  it,  then  fliape 
it :  I  would  not  have  things  cool.  [Exeunt; 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Garter-Inn. 

Enter  Hoft  and  Bardolph. 

Bard.  C  IR,  the  German  defires  to  have  three  of  your 
ij  horfes  j  the  Duke  himfelf  will  be  to  morrow 
at  Court,  and  they  are  going  to  meet  him. 

Hoft.  What  Duke  ihould  that  be,  comes  fo  fecret^ 

Our  Author  ufes  the  Word  again  twice  in  his  Hamlet. 

Or  elfe  this  Brain  of  mine  bunts  not  the  Trayle  of  Policy,  &C. 
How  cbearfully  on  the  falfe  trayle  thej  cry! 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.     289 

ly?  I  hear  not  of  him  in  the  Court :  let  me  fpeak  with 
the  gentlemen ;  they  fpeak  Englijh  ? 

Bard.  Sir,  I'll  call  them  to  you. 

Hoft.  They  fhall  have  my  horfes,  but  I'll  make  them 
pay,  I'll  fawce  them.  They  have  had  my  houfe  a 
week  at  command ;  I  have  turn'd  away  my  other  guefts ; 
(u)  they  mull  compt  off;  I'll  fawce  them,  come. 

[Exeunt* 

SCENE  changes  to  FordV  houfe. 

Enter  Page,  Ford^  Miftrefs  Page,  Miftrefs  Ford, 

and  Evans. 

£<£>#. 'Hp  IS  one  of  the  beft  difcretions  of  a  o'man,  as 
A    ever  I  did  look  upon. 

Page.  And  did  he  fend  you  both  thefe  letters  at  an 
inftant  ? 

Mrs.  Page.  Within  a  quarter  of  an  hour. 

Ford.  Pardon  me,  wife.     Henceforth  do  what  thou 
wilt; 
I  rather  will  fufpeft  the  fun  with  cold, 
Than  thee  with  wantonnefs  \  thy  honour  Hands, 
In  him  that  was  of  late  an  heretick, 
As  firm  of  faith. 

Page.  'Tis  well,  'tis  well ;  no  more. 
Be  not  as  extream  in  fubmiffion,  as  in  offence; 
But  let  our  Plot  go  forward :  let  our  wives 
Yet  once  again,  to  make  us  publick  fport, 
Appoint  a  meeting  with  this  old  fat  fellow, 
.Where  we  may  take  him,  and  difgrace  him  for  it. 

Ford.  There  is  no  better  way  than  That  they  fpokc 
of. 

Page.  How?  to  fend  him  word  they'll  meet  him  in 
the  Park  at  midnight?  fie,  fie,  he'll  never  come. 

(22)  — they  muft  come  off.]  This  can  never  be  our  Poet's,  or  his  Holt's, 
Meaning:  to  corns  off,  is,  in  other  Terms,  to  go /cot -free;  But  thefe  Ger- 
mans had  taken  up  the  Holt's  houfe,  and  he  was  relolv'd  to  make  them 
pay  for  it.  We  muft  certainly,  therefore,  read,  they  muft  compt  off: 
i.  e.  they  mult  pay  off  the  Accompt,  or,  as  we  how  fay,  down  <voitb 
their  Pence.  Mr.  Warburton. 

,    Vol.  L  U  Eva. 


i9  o     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfof. 

Evb.  You  fay,  he  hath  been  thrown  into  the  river; 
and  has  been  grievoufly  peaten,  as  an  old  o'man ;  me- 
thinks,  there  Ihould  be  terrors  in  him,  that  he  ihould 
not  comej  methinks,  his  flefh  is  punifh'd,  he  (hall 
haye  no  defires. 

Page.  So  think  I  too. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Devife  but  how  you'll  ufe  him,  when  he 
comes  j 
And  let  us  two  devife  to  bring  him  thither. 

Mrs.  Page.  There  is  an  old  tale  goes,  that  Heme  the 
hunter, 
Sometime  a  keeper  here  in  Windfor  foreft, 
Doth  all  the  winter  time  at  (till  of  midnight 
Walk  round  about  an  oak,  with  ragged  horns; 
And  there  he  blafts  the  tree,  and  takes  the  cattel ; 
And  makes  milch-kine  yield  blood,  and  fliakes  a  chain 
In  a  moil  hideous  and  dreadful  manner. 
You've  heard  of  fuch  a  Spirit;  and  well  you  know, 
The  fuperftitious  idle-headed  Eld 
Receiv'd,  and  did  deliver  to  our  age, 
This  tale  of  Heme  the  hunter  for  a  truth. 

Page.  Why  yet  there  want  not  many,  that  do  fear 
In  deep  of  night  to  walk  by  this  Heme's  Oak ; 
But  what  of  this  ? 

Mrs.  Ford.  Marry,  this  is  our  device,  (13) 
That  Falftaff  at  that  oak  mail  meet  with  us. 
We'll  fend  him  word  to  meet  us  in  the  Field, 
Difguis'd  like  Heme,  with  huge  Horns  on  his  Head. 
Page.  Well,  let  it  not  be  doubted,  but  he'll  come. 
And  in  this  fhape  when  you  have  brought  him  thither, 
What  (hall  be  done  with  him?  what  is  your  Plot? 

(23)  Mrs.  Ford.  Matry,  this  is  cur  Device, 

That  Faiiraff  at  that  Qiik  Jhall  meet  with  us. 

Page.   Wei! ;  let  it  »#  be  doubted,  but  he^ll  come. 

J.nd  in  this  Shape  ivhen  you  ha<vt  brought  him  thither.']  Thus  this 
Pahagc  has  been  tranfmittcd  down  to  us,  from  the  Time  cf  the  rirft 
Edition  by  the  Playuo:  But  what  was  this  Shape,  in  which  Fa  (ft  a[ 
to  be  appointed  to  meet?  For  the  women  have  not  (aid  one  V\  ord  to 
.-tain"  it.  This  makes  it  more  than  fufpicious,  the  Defeat  in  this 
J'.jir.t:  sriiW  be  owing  to  Tom?  wile  Retrenchment.  The  two  intermediate 
JLm  h  I  have  reftor'd  from  the  old  Quarto,  are  abiblutcly  neceila- 

v.,  and  dear  up  the  nutter. 
/J  Mrs. 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr.      2.91 

Mrs.  Page.   That  likewife  we  have  thought  upon$ 
and  thus: 
Jttfan  Page,  (my  daughter)  and  my  little  fon> 
And  three  or  four  more  of  their  growth,  we'll  drefg 
Like  urchins,  ouphes,  and  fairies,  green  and  white, 
With  rounds  of  waxen  tapers  on  their  heads, 
And  rattles  in  their  hands*  upon  a  fudden, 
As  Falftaff)  me,  and  I,  are  newly  met, 
Let  them  from  forth  a  faw-pit  rufh  at  once 
With  fome  difFufed  fong :  upon  their  fight, 
We  two,  in  great  amazednefs,  will  fly* 
Then  let  them  all  encircle  him  about, 
And  fairy-like  to  pinch  the  unclean  Knight,  j 
And  ask  him  why,   that  hour  of  fairy  Revel* 
In  their  fo  facred  paths  he  dares  to  tread 
In  mape  prophane? 

Mrs.  Ford.  And  'till  he  tell  the  truth, 
Let  the  fuppofed  fairies  pinch  him  round* 
And  burn  him  with  their  tapers. 

Mrs.  Page.  The  truth  being  known, 
We'll  all  prefent  our  felves  5  dif-horn  the  fpirit* 
And  mock  him  home  to  Windfor. 

Ford.  The  children  muft 
Be  pra&is'd  well  to  this,  or  they'll  ne'er  do't. 

Eva.  I  will  teach  the  children  their  behaviours  5  and 
1  will  be  like  a  jack-anapes  alfo,  to  burn  the  Knight 
with  my  taper. 

Ford.  This  will  be  excellent.  I'll  go  buy  themvizards; 

Mrs.  Page.  My  Nan  ihall  be  the  Queen  of  all  the  fairies  j 
Finely  attired  in  a  robe  of  white. 

Page.  That  filk  will  I  go  buy,  and  in  that  tire    (14) 

(24)  That  Silk  will  I  go  buy,  and  in  that  time 

Shall  Mr.  Slender  fleal,  &c]  What !  muft  Slender  Heal  Mrs.  Anne,  while 
her  Father  goes  to  buy  the  Silk  me  was  to  be  drefs' d  in  ?  This  was  no 
part  of  the  Scheme.  Her  Garb  was  to  be  the  Signal  for  Slender  to  know 
her  by.  The  Alteration  of  a  hngle  Letter  gives  us  the  Poet's  Reading. 
Tire  is  as  common  with  our  Poet,  and  other  Writers  of  his  Age,  as  At- 
tire;  to  iignify,  Drefs.  And  my  Emendation  is  clearly  juiti&ed,  by 
What  Fenton  afterwards  tells  the  Hoft. 

Her  Father  Means  She  Jhall  be  all  in  white, 

And  in  that  Drefs,  <when  S  lender  fees  his  time 

To  take  her  by  the  Hand,  8ccf 

U  a  Shall 


\*>i     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr. 

Shall  Mr.  Slender  fteal  my  Nan  away,  \_Afide, 

And  many  her  at  Eaton.    Go,  fend  to  Falftaff  ftraight. 

Ford.  Nay,  I'll  to  him  again  in  the  name  of  Brook; 
he'll  tell  me  all  his  Purpofe.     Sure,  he'll  come. 

Mrs.  Page.  Fear  not  you  that ;  go  get  us  Properties 
and  Tricking  for  our  fairies. 

Eva.  Let  us  about  it,  it  is  admirable  pleafures,  and 
ferry  honed  knaveries.         [_Ex.  Page,  Ford  and  Evans. 

Mrs.  Page.  Go,  Mrs.  Ford, 
Send  Quickly  to  Sir  John,  to  know  his  mind,  (if) 

[Exit  Mrs.  Ford. 
I'll  to  the  Doctor ;  he  hath  my  good  will, 
And  none  but  he,  to  marry  with  Nan  Page. 
That  Slender ,  tho'  well  landed,  is  an  Ideot ; 
And  he  my  husband  befl  of  all  affects  : 
The  Doctor  is  well  mony'd,  and  his  friends 
Potent  at  Court 5  he,  none  but  he  fhall  have  her; 
Tho'  twenty  thoufand  worthier  came  to  crave  her. 

[Exit. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Garter-Inn. 

Enter  Hoft  and  Simple. 

Hoft.XTJ  HAT  would'fl  thou  have,  boor?  what, 
VV  thick-skin?  fpeak,  breathe,  difcufs}  brief, 
ftiort,  quick,  map. 

Simp.  Marry,  Sir,  I  come  to  fpeak  with  Sir  John 
Falftaff,  from  Mr.  Slender. 

Hoft.  There's  his  chamber,  his  houfe,  his  caftle,  his 
(landing- bed  and  truckle-bed 3  'tis  painted  about  with 
the  ftory  of  the  Prodigal,  frefh  and  new 5  go,  knock 
and  call-,  he'll  fpeak  like  an  anthropophaginian  unto 
thee :  knock,  I  fay. 

Simp.  There's  an  old  woman,  a  flit  woman  gone  up 

(2;)  Send  quickly  to  Sir  John,  to  knonv  bis  mind~\  The  whole  Set  of 
printed  Copies  downwards  have  funk  our  Meffcnger  here  into  an  Adverb. 
Dame  Quickly  is  the  Perfon  intended  to  be  fent  to  Sir  John;  and  accord- 
ingly when  we  next  find  her  with  him,  She  tells  him,  She  comes  from 
tU  two  parties  i  viz.  Airs.  Ford  and  Mrs,  Page. 

into 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.     19$ 

into  his  chamber >  I'll  be  fo  bold  as  ftay,  Sir,  'till  fhe 
come  down  j  I  come  to  fpeak  with  her,  indeed. 

Hoft.  Ha !  a  fat  woman  ?  the  Knight  may  be  robb'd  : 
I'll  call.  Bully-Knight!  bully-Sir  John!  fpeak  from 
thy  lungs,  military :  art  thou  there?  it  is  thine  Hoft, 
thine  Ephefian  calls. 

Falftaff,  above. 

Fal.  How  now,  mine  Hoft  ? 

Hoft.  Here's  a  Bohemian-Tartar  tarries  the  coming 
down  of  thy  fat  woman :  let  her  defcend,  bully,  let 
her  defcend  5  my  chambers  are  honourable.  Fie,  pri- 
vacy? fie! 

Enter  Falftaff. 

Fal.  There  was,  mine  Hoft,  an  old  fat  woman  even 
now  with  me,  but  fhe's  gone. 

Simp.  Pray  you,  Sir,  was't  not  the  wife  woman  of 
Brainford  ? 

Fal.  Ay,  marry  was  it,  mufTel-fhell,  what  would  you 
with  her? 

Simp.  My  mafter,  Sir,  my  mafter  Slender  lent  to  her, 
feeing  her  go  thro'  the  ftreet,  to  know,  Sir,  whether 
one  Nym9  Sir,  that  beguil'd  him  of  a  chain,  had  the 
chain,  or  no. 

Fal.  I  fpake  with  the  old  woman  about  it. 

Simp.  And  what  fays  fhe,  I  pray,  Sir  ? 

Fal.  Marry,  fhe  fays,  that  the  very  fame  man,  that 
beguil'd  mafter  Slender  of  his  chain,  cozen'd  him  of  it. 

Simp.  I  would,  I  could  have  fpoken  with  the  wo-* 
man  her  felf  >  I  had  other  things  to  have  fpoken  with 
her  too,  from  him. 

Fal.  What  are  they?  let  us  know. 

Hoft.  Ay,  come  5   quick. 

Simp.  I  may  not  conceal  them,  Sir. 

Fal.  Conceal  them,  or  thou  dy'ft. 

Simp.  Why,  Sir,  they  were  nothing  but  about  mi- 
ftrefs  Anne  Page  5  to  know,  if  it  were  my  mailer's  for- 
tune to  have  her  or  no. 

Fal.  'Tis,  'tis  his  fortune. 

Simp.  What,  Sir? 

Fal.  To  have  her,  or  no :  go  3  fay,  the  woman  told 
me  fo.  U  J  Simp 


£24    ^e  Merry  ffives  of  Windsor. 

Simp.  May  I  be  fo  bold  to  fay  To,  Sir? 

Fal.  Ay,  Sir*,  like  who  more  bold. 

Simp.  I  thank  your  worfhip :  I  fhall  make  my  ma- 
iler glad  with  thefe  tidings.  [Exit  Simple. 

Hoft.  Thou  art  darkly  y  thou  art  darkly,  Sir  John: 
"Was  there  a  wife  woman  with  thee? 

Fal.  Ay,  that  there  was,  mine  Hoft ;  one,  that  hath 
taught  me  more  wit  than  ever  I  learn'd  before  in  my 
life  y  and  I  paid  nothing  for  it  neither,  but  was  paid 
for  my  learning. 

Enter  Bardolph. 

Bard,  Out,  alas,  Sir,  cozenage!  meer  cozenage! 

Hoft.  Where  be  my  hories?  fpeak  well  of  them, 
varletto. 

Bard.  Run  away  with  the  cozeners  •>  for  fo  foon  as  I 
came  beyond  Eaton,  they  threw  me  off  from  behind 
one  of  them  in  a  flough  of  mire,  and  fet  fpurs,  and 
awayj  like  three  German  devils,  three  Doctor  Fau- 
fius%s. 

Hoft.  They  are  gone  but  to  meet  the  Duke,  villain  | 
$o  not  fay  they  be  fled  >  Germans  are  honeft  men. 

Enter  Evans. 

Eva.  Where  is  mine  Hoft  ? 

Hoft.  What  is  the  matter,  Sir? 

Eva-.  Have  a  care  of  your  entertainments  y  there  is 
a  friend  o'mine  come  to  town,  tells  me,  there  is  three 
cozen-jermans  that  has  cozen'd  all  the  Hofts  of  Rea- 
dings ^  of  Maiden-head,  of  Cokbrook,  of  horfes  and  mo? 
ny.  I  tell  you  for  good  will,  look  you;  you  are  wife, 
and  full  of  gibes  and  vlouting-iiocks,  and  'tis  not  con- 
venient you  fhould  be  cozen'd  >  fare  you  well.     [Exit. 

Enter  Caius. 

Cains.  Ver'  is  mine  Hofi  de  Jarteer? 

Hoft.  Here,  mailer  Doctor,  in  perplexity  and  doubt- 
ful dilemma. 

Cains.  J  cannot  tell  vat  is  dat-,  but  it  is  tell-a-me, 
dat  you  make  a  grand  preparation  for  a  Duke  de  Ja- 

many^ 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.     z?$ 

many  9  by  my  trot,  der  is  no  Duke,  dat  the  Court  is 
know,  to  come  :  I  tell  you  for  good  will  j  adieu.  [_Ex. 

Hoft.  Hue  and  cry,  villain,  go!  affift  me,  Knight, 
I  am  undone 5  fly,  run,,  hue  and  cry!  Villain,  I  am 
undone !  [Exit, 

Fal.  I  would,  all  the  world  might  be  cozen'd,  for  [ 
have  been  cozened  and  beaten  too.  If  it  mould  come 
to  the  ear  of  the  Court,  how  I  have  been  transformed, 
and  how  my  transformation  hath  been  wauVd  and 
cudgel'd,  they  would  melt  me  out  of  my  fat,  drop  by 
drop,  and  liquor  fiihermens  boots  with  me.  I  war- 
rant, they  would  whip  me  with  their  fine  wits,  'till  I 
Were  as  creft-faln  as  a  dry'd  pear.  I  never  profper'd 
fince  I  forfwore  my  felf  at  Primero.  Well,  if  my  wind 
were  but  long  enough  to  fay  my  prayers,  I  would  re** 
pent.— « 

Enter  Mijirefs  Quickly,    . 

Now,  whence  come  you? 

§>uic.  From  the  two  parties,  forfooth. 

Fal.  The  devil  take  one  party,  and  his  dam  the  other, 
and  fo  they  {hall  be  both  beftow'd.  I  have  fuffer'd 
more  for  their  fakes,  more  than  the  villainous  incon- 
stancy of  man's  difpofition  is  able  to  bear. 

§)uic.  And  have  not  they  fuffer'd?  yes,  I  warrant, 
fpecioufly  one  of  them  y  miftrefs  Fordy  good  heart,  is 
beaten  black  and  blue,  that  you  cannot  fee  a  white  fpot 
about  her. 

Fal.  What  teli'ft  thou  me  of  black  and  blue  ?  I 
was  beaten  my  felf  into  all  the  colours  of  the  rain- 
bow y  and  I  was  like  to  be  apprehended  for  the  witch 
of  Brainfordy  but  that  my  admirable  dexterity  of  wit, 
counterfeiting  the  (2,6*)  action  of  a  wood  woman,  de- 

U  4  liver'd 

(26)  AElion  of  an  old  Woman,'}  This  Reading  is  no  great  Compliment 
^o  the  Sagacity  of  our  former  Editors,  who  could  content  themfelves  with 
Words,  without  any  regard  to  the  Reafoning.  What !  was  it  any  Dex- 
terity of  Wit  in  Sir  John  Falftaff,  to  counterfeit  the  Action  of  an  Old- 
Woman  in  order  to  efcape  being  apprehended  for  a  Witch  ?  Surely,  one 
would  imagine,  This  was  the  readied  means  to  bring  him  into  fuch  a 
Scrape:  for  none  but  old  Women   have  ever  been  iupected  of  being. 

Witcbtu 


z?>6      The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor, 

liver'd  me,  the  knave  conftable  had  fet  me  i'th' Hocks, 
i'th'  common  flocks  for  a  witch. 

§)uic.  Sir,  let  me  fpeak  with  you  in  your  chamber  5 
you  {hall  hear  how  things  go,  and,  I  warrant,  to  your 
content.  Here  is  a  letter  will  fay  fomewhat.  Good 
hearts,  what  ado  is  here  to  bring  you  together?  fure, 
one  of  you  does  not  ferve  heav'n  well,  that  you  are  fo 
crofs'd. 

Fal.  Come  up  into  my  chamber.  [Exeunt. 

Enter  Fenton  and  Hoft. 

Hoft.  Matter  Fenton,  talk  not  to  me,  my  mind  is 
heavy,  I  will  give  over  all. 

Fent.  Yet  hear  me  fpeak  >  aflift  me  in  my  purpofe, 
And,  as  I  am  a  gentleman,  I'll  give  thee 
A  hundred  pound  in  gold  more  than  your  lofs. 

Hoft.  I  will  hear  you,  mafter  Fenton;  and  I  will,  at 
the  leaft,  keep  your  counfel. 

Fent.  From  time  to  time  I  have  acquainted  you 
With  the  dear  love  I  bear  to  fair  Anne  Page; 
Who,  mutually,  hath  anfwer'd  my  affe&ion, 
(So  far  forth  as  her  felf  might  be  her  chufer) 
Ev'n  to  my  wiih.     I  have  a  letter  from  her 
Of  fuch  contents,  as  you  will  wonder  at> 
The  mirth  whereoPs  fo  larded  with  my  matter, 
That  neither  fingly  can  be  manifefled, 
Without  the  mew  of  both.     Fat  Sir  John  Falftaff 
Hath  a  great  Scene 5   the  image  of  the  jefl 
Ml  mew  you  here  at  large.     Hark,  good  mine  Hoft  5 
To  night  at  Heme's  Oak,  juft  'twixt  twelve  and  one. 
Mud:  my  fweet  Nan  prefent  the  fairy  Queen > 
The  purpofe  why,  is  herej  in  which  dilguife, 
While  other  jefts  are  fomething  rank  on  foot, 
Her  father  hath  commanded  her  to  flip 
Away  with  Slender,  and  with  him  at  Eaton 

Witches.  The  Text  muft  certainly  be  reftofd,  as  I  have  corrected  it, 
a  wood  Woman;  /.  e.  a  crazy,  frantick  Woman  ;  one  too  wild,  and  iilly, 
and  unmeaning,  to  have  cither  the  Malice,  or  mifchievous  Subtlety  cf  a 
Witch  in  her.  I  have  already  explain'd,  and  prov'd  the  ufe  of  this 
Term,  in  one  of  my  Notes  on  the  1%vo  Gtritlcmen  of  Verona. 

Jmrne-* 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.     2^7 

Immediately  to  marry  5  fhe  hath  confented. —  Now,  Sir, 

Her  mother,  ever  ftrong  againft  that  match, 

And  firm  for  Doctor  Caius,  hath  appointed 

That  he  fhall  likewife  fhuffle  her  away, 

While  other  fports  are  tasking  of  their  minds; 

And  at  the  Deanry,  where  a  prieft  attends, 

Straight  marry  her ;  To  this  her  mother's  Plot 

She,  feemingly  obedient,  likewife  hath 

Made  promife  to  the  Doctor. —  Now,  thus  it  refts; 

Her  father  means  fhe  fhall  be  all  in  white, 

And  in  that  drefs  when  Slender  fees  his  time 

To  take  her  by  the  hand,  and  bid  her  go, 

She  fhall  go  with  him. —  Her  mother  hath  intended, 

The  better  to  devote  her  to  the  Doctor, 

(For  they  muft  all  be  mask'd  and  vizarded) 

That,  quaint  in  green,  fhe  fhall  be  loofe  enrob'd, 

With  ribbands-pendent,  flaring  'bout  her  head ; 

And  when  the  Doctor  fpies  his  vantage  ripe, 

To  pinch  her  by  the  hand,  and  on  that  token, 

The  maid  hath  given  confent  to  go  with  him. 

Hoft.  Which  means  fhe  to  deceive?  father  or  mo- 
ther? 

Tent.  Both,  my  good  Hoft,  to  go  along  with  me  5 
And  here  it  refts,  that  you'll  procure  the  Vicar 
To  flay  for  me  at  church,   'twixt  twelve  and  one, 
And  in  the  lawful  name  of  marrying, 
To  give  our  hearts  united  ceremony. 

Hoft.  Well,  husband  your  device;  I'll  to  the  Vicar. 
Bring  you  the  maid,  you  fhall  not  lack  a  prieft. 

Fent.  So  fhall  I  evermore  be  bound  to  thee; 
Befide,  I'll  make  a  prefent  recompence.  [Exeunt. 

Re-enter  FalftafF  and  Miftrefs  Quickly. 

Fal.  Pr'ythee,  no  more  pratling;  go,  I'll  hold.  This 
is  the  third  time;  I  hope,  good  luck  lyes  in  odd  num- 
bers; away,  go  5  they  fay,  there  is  divinity  in  odd 
numbers,  either  in  nativity,  chance  or  death  ;  away, 

§>uici  I'll  provide  you  a  chain,  and  I'll  do  what  I 
can  to  get  you  a  pair  of  horns.      {Exit  Mrs.  Quickly, 

Fal. 


*5>8     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor. 

Fal  Away,  I  fay,  time  wears:  hold  up  your  head 
and  mince. 

Enter  Ford. 

How  now,  mafter  Brook?  mafter  Brook,  the  mattes 
will  be  known  to  night,  or  never.  Be  you  in  the 
Park  about  mid- night,  at  Heme's  oak,  and  you  ftiali 
fee  wonders. 

Ford.  Went  you  not  to  her  yefterday,  Sir,  as  yoi* 
told  me  you  had  appointed  ? 

Fal.  I  went  to  her,  mafter  Brook,  as  you  fee,  like  a 
poor  old  man  y  but  I  came  from  her,  mafter  Brook, 
like  a  poor  old  woman.  That  fame  knave,  Ford  her 
husband,  hath  the  fineft  mad  devil  of  jealoufie  in  him, 
mafter  Brooky  that  ever  govern'd  frenzy.  I  will  tell 
you  ,  he  beat  me  grievoufly,  in  the  fhape  of  a  wo- 
man ;  for  in  the  fliape  of  a  man,  mafter  Brook,  I  fear 
not  Goliah  with  a  weaver's  beam  ;  becaufe  I  know  alfo, 
life  is  a  Ihuttle  y  I  am  in  hafte  ;  go  along  with  me, 
I'll  tell  you  all,  mafter  Brook.  Siqce  I  pluckt  geefe, 
play'd  truant,  and  whipt  top,  I  knew  not  what  'twas 
to  be  beaten,  'till  lately.  Follow  me,  I'll  tell  you 
ftrange  things  of  this  knave  Ford,  on  whom  to  night 
I  will  be  reveng'd,  and  I  will  deliver  his  wife  into  your 
hand.  Follow;  ftrange  things  in  hand,  mafter  Brook* 
follow. —  [Exeunt* 


A    C    T "      V. 

S     C     E     N     E,     Windfor-ParL 

Enter  Page,  Shallow,  and  Slender. 

Page. 
OME,    come;    we'll    couch  i'th'   caftle-ditch* 
'till  we  fee  the  light  of  our  fairies.     Remember, 
fon  Slender,  my  daughter. 
Skn.  Ay,  forfooth,  I  have  fpokc  with  her,   and  we 
have  a  nay-word  how  to  know  one  another.     I  come 

to 


The  Merry  W'rues  fl/Windfor-     ip^ 

to  her  in  white,  and  cry,  mum  >  {he  cries,  budget  >  and 
by  that  we  know  one  another. 

Shal.  That's  good  tooi  but  what  needs  either  your 
tnum^  or  her  budget?  the  white  will  decipher  her  well 
enough.    It  hath  {truck  ten  o'clock. 

Page.  The  night  is  dark,  light  and  fpirits  will  be- 
come it  well ;  heav'n  profper  our  fport!  No  man  means 
evil  but  the  devil,  and  we  fhall  know  him  by  his  horns. 
Let's  away  -,  follow  me.  [Exeunt. 

Enter  Miftrefs  Page,  Miftrefs  Ford  and  Caius. 

Mrs.  Page.  Mr.  Doctor,  my  daughter  is  in  green  ; 
when  you  fee  your  time,  take  her  by  the  hand,  away 
with  her  to  the  Deanary,  and  difpatch  it  quickly  3  go 
before  into  the  Park ;  we  two  muft  go  together. 

Caius.  I  know  vat  I  have  to  do  5  adieu.  [Exit. 

Mrs.  Page.  Fare  you  well,  Sir.  My  husband  will 
pot  rejoice  fo  much  at  the  abufe  of  Falftaff^  as  he  will 
chafe  at  the  Doctor's  marrying  my  daughter  3  but  'tis 
no  matter ;  better  a  little  chiding,  than  a  great  deal  of 
heart-break. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Where  is  Nan  now,  and  her  troop  of 
fairies,  (27)  and  the  Welch  devil  Evans  ? 

Mrs.  Page.  They  are  all  couch'd  in  a  pit  hard  by 
Heme's  oak,  with  obfcur'd  lights  j  which,  at  the  very 
inftant  of  Falftaff's  and  our  Meeting,  they  will  at  once 
difplay  to  the  night. 

Mrs.  Ford.  That  cannot  chufe  but  amaze  him. 

Mrs.  Page.  If  he  be  not  amaz'd,  he  will  be  mock'd| 
if  he  be  amaz'd,  he  will  every  way  be  mock'd. 

Mrs.  Ford.  We'll  betray  him  finely. 

(27)  And  the  Welch  Devil Heme  ?]  Thus  all  the  Impreffions  have 
blunder'd  after  each  other ;  but  Faljlajf  was  to  reprefent  Heme,  and  he 
was  no  Welchman.  Where  was  the  Attention,  or  Sagacity,  of  our  Edi- 
tors, not  to  obferve  that  Mrs.  Fvrdis  inquiring  for  Evans  by  the  Name 
of  the  Welch  Devil  ?  The  Miftake,  of  the  Word  Heme  getting  into  the 
Text,  might  eafily  happen  by  the  Inadvertence  of  Tranfcribers,  who 
threw  their  Eyes  too  haftily  on  the  fucceeding  Line,  where  the  Word 
again  occurs.     Dr.  Tbirlby  likewife  difcover'd   the  Blunder  of  this  Paf- 


kge. 


Mrs," 


300     The  Merry  Wives  0/Windfbr. 

Mrs.  Page.  Againft  fuch  lewdfters,  and  their  lechery, 
Thofe,  that  betray  them,  do  no  treachery. 

Mrs.  Ford.  The  hour  draws  on ;  to  the  oak,  to  the 

oak.  [Exeunt. 

Enter  Evans  and  Fairies. 

Eva.  Trib,  trib,  fairies  $  come,  and  remember  your 
parts :  be  pold,  I  pray  you  5  follow  me  into  the  pit  5 
and  when  I  give  the  watch-'ords,  do  as  I  pid  you  : 
come,  come  j  trib,  trib.  [Exeunt. 

Enter  Falftaff,  with  a  Buek?s  head  on. 

Fah  The  Windfor  bell  hath  ftruqk  twelve,  the  mi- 
nute draws  on>  now  the  hot-blooded  Gods  affift  me! 
Remember,  Jove,  thou  waft  a  bull  for  thy  Europa  •,  love 
fet  on  thy  horns.  Oh  powerful  love!  that,  in  fome 
refpects,  makes  a  beaft  a  man  j  in  fome  other,  a  man 
a  beaft :  You  were  alfo,  Jupiter,  a  fwan,  for  the  love 
of  Leda :  oh,  omnipotent  love !  how  near  the  God 
drew  to  the  complexion  of  a  goofe?  A  fault  done 
firft  in  the  form  of  a  beaft,  —  OJove,  a  beaftly  fault  j 
and  then  another  fault  in  the  femblance  of  a  fowl :  — 
think  on't,  Jove,  a  foul  fault.  When  Gods  have  hot 
backs,  what  mall  poor  men  do  ?  for  me,  I  am  here  a 
JVindfor  ftag,  and  the  fatteft,  I  think,  i'th'  foreft.  Send 
me  a  cool  rut-time,  Jove,  or  who  can  blame  me  to 
pifs  my  tallow  ?  who  comes  here?  my  Doe  ? 

Enter  Mifirefs  Ford  and  Miftrefs  Page. 

Mrs. Ford.  Sir  John?  art  thou  there,  my  deer?  my 
male- deer  r 

Fah  My  doe  with  the  black  fcut  ?  let  the  sky  rain 
potatoes-,  let  it  thunder  to  the  tune  of  Green- Sleeves; 
hail  kiffing-comfits,  and  fnow  eringoes  5  let  there 
come   a    tempeft   of  provocation,    I  will    fhelter  mQ 

here.  .  . 

Mrs.  Ford.   Miftrefs  Page  is   come  with  me,  lwect 

heart. 

1  Fal 


The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.      3  o  1 

Fal.  (2.8)  Divide  me  like  a  bribe-buck,  each  a  haunch  * 
I  will  keep  my  fides  to  my  felf,  my  moulders  for  the  fel* 
low  of  this  walk,  and  my  horns  I  bequeath  your  huf- 
bands.  Am  I  a  woodman,  ha?  Speak  I  like  Herns 
the  hunter  ?  why,  now  is  Cupid  a  child  of  confcience, 
he  makes  reftitution.    As  I  am  a  true  fpirit,  welcome ! 

[Noife  within. 

Mrs.  Page.  Alas !  what  noife  ? 

Mrs.  Ford.  Heav'n  forgive  our  fins ! 

Fal.  What  mould  this  be  ? 

Mrs.  Ford.  Mrs.  Page.    Away,  away. 

[The  women  run  out. 

Fal.  I  think,  the  devil  will  not  have  me  damn'd,  left 
the  oil  that  is  in  me  ftiould  fet  hell  on  fire  -,  he  never 
would  elfe  crofs  me  thus. 

Enter  Sir  Hugh  like  a  Satyr  5  Quickly,  and  others^  drefi 
like  Fairies^  with  Tapers. 

Quic.  Fairies,  black,  gray,  green,  and  white, 
You  moon-mine  revellers,  and  {hades  of  night, 
You  Ouphen-heirs  of  fixed  deftiny,  (io) 
Attend  your  office,  and  your  quality. 
Crier  hobgoblin,  make  the  fairy  o-yes. 

Eva.  Elves,  lift  your  names 5  filence,  you  airy  toys. 
Cricket,  to  IVindfor  chimneys  malt  thou  leap  ; 
Where  fires  thou  find'ft  unrak'd,  and  hearths  unfwept, 

(28)  Divide  me  like  a  brib'd-Buck,]  Thus  all  the  old  Copies,  mif 
takingly :  It  muft  be,  bribe-buck ;  i.  e.  a  Buck  fent  for  a  Bribe.  I  made 
the  Corre&ion  in  my  SHAKESPEARE  Reftord;  and  Mr.  Pope 
has  reform'd  the  PafTage  by  it,  in  his  laft  Edition. 

(29)  You  orphan-^z>i  of]  Why,  Orphan-heirs?  Deftiny,  to  which 
they  ow'd  their  Original,  and  to  whom  they  were  heirs,  was  yet  in  Be- 
ing Cure :  therefore  they  could  not  be  call'd  Orphans.  Doubtlefs  the 
Poet  wrote  ; 

You  Ouphen-^zVx  of  fixed  Deftiny. 
i.  e.  You  Elves,  that  fucceed  to,  and  minifter  in,  fome  of  the  Works 
of  Deftiny.  They  are  adfd  both  before  and  after,  in  this  Play,  Ouphs  , 
here,  Ouphen  :  for  en  is  either  the  Saxon  Termination  of  plural  Nouns; 
(the  Word  it  felf  being  from  the  Saxon  Alpenne,  lamia,  damones  ;)  or 
the  Termination  of  an  Adjedlive,  form'd  from  a  Noun ;  as  wooden, 
woollen,  golden,  brazen,  Sec.  ]Vlr.  JVarburton. 

There 


$bi     The  Merry  Wives  of Windfbr. 

There  pinch  the  maids  as  blew  as  bilbery. 
Our  radiant  Queen  hates  fluts   and  fluttery. 

Fal  They're  fairies  $  he,  that  fpeaks  to  them,  mall  die. 
I'll  wink  and  couch  5  no  man  their  works  muft  eye. 

[_Lyes  clown  upon  his  Face. 

Eva.  Where's  Peck  ?  go  you,  and  where  you  find  a 
maid, 
That,  ere  fhe  deep,  hath  thrice  her  prayers  faid, 
Raife  up  the  organs  of  her  fantafie  y 
Sleep  ihe  as  found  as  carelefs  infancy  > 
But  thofe,  that  deep,  and  think  not  on  their  fins, 
Pinch  them*    arms,   legs,-  backs,  moulders,   fides  and 
fhins. 

Quic.  About,  about  5 
Search  IVindfor  caftle,  elves,  within  and  out. 
Strew  good  luck,  ouphes,  on  every  facred  room^ 
That  it  may  (land  'till  the  perpetual  Doom, 
In  {late  as  wholfom,  as  in  (late  'tis  fit} 
Worthy  the  owner,  as  the  owner  it  (30). 
The  feveral  chairs  of  Order  look  you  fcour, 
With  juice  of  balm  and  ev'ry  precious  flow'r  5 
Each  fair  Inftalment-Coat  and  fev'ral  Creft, 
With  loyal  blazon  evermore  be  bleft  ! 
And  nightly-meadow-fairies,  look,  you  fingi 
Like  to  the  G^r/er-compafs,  in  a  ring : 
Th'  expreflure  that  it  bears,  green  let  it  be, 
IV!  ore  fertile-frefh  than  all  the  field  to  fee  -y 
And,  Hony  Soit  Qui  Mai  y  Penfe  write, 
In  emrold- tuffs,  flow'rs  purple,  blue  and  white* 
Like  faphire,  pearl,  and  rich  embroidery, 
Buckled  below  fair  Knight-hood's  bending  knee  3 
Fairies  ufe  flow'rs  for  their  charactery. 
Away,  difperfe  ;  but,  'till  'tis  one  o'clock  ; 
Our  dance  of  cuftoin  round  about  the  Oak 

(30)  ■  and  the  Owner  zV.]     And  cannot  be  the  true  Reading, 

both  becaufe  the  Grammar  of  the  Sentence  will  not  allow  it,  and  hi* 
Court  to  Queen  Elizabeth  direfts  to  another  Reading ; 

as  the  Owner  it. 
for,  flue,  he  would  not  wifh  a  Thing,  which  his  Complaifance  and  Ad- 
drsfs  n.uil  fuppofe  actually  was;  viz.  the  Worth  of  thi  Owner. 

Mr.  WarburMn. 

of 


if  he  Merry  Wives  of  Windfor.      $  0  j 

&f  Fferne,  the  hunter,  let  us  not  forget. 

Eva.  Pray  you,  lock  hand  in  hand,  your  felves  in 
order  fet: 
And  twenty  glow-worms  fliall  our  lanthorns  be, 
To  guide  our  meafure  round  about  the  tree. 
But  ftay,  I  fmell  a  man  of  middle  earth. 

FaL  Hea.v'ns  defend  me  from  that  Welch  fairy,  left 
he  transform  me  to  a  piece  of  cheefe! 

Eva,  Vild  worm, thou  waft  o'er-look'd  ev'n  in  thy  birth. 

Ghiic.  With  tryal-fire  touch  me  his  finger-end  j 
If  he  be  chafte,  the  flame  will  back  defcend* 
And  turn  him  to  no  pain  5  but  if  he  ftart, 
It  is  the  flefti  of  a  corrupted  heart. 

Eva.  A  tryal,  come.- 

\fthey  bum  him  "with  their  tapers,  and  pinch  him* 
Come,  will  this  wood  take  fire? 

FaL  Oh,  oh,  oh! 

6)uic.  Corrupt,  corrupt,  and  tainted  in  defire ; 
About  him,  fairies,  fing  a  fcornful  rhime : 
And  as  you  trip,  ftill  pinch  him  to  your  time. 

Eva,  (51)  It  is  right,  indeed,  he  is  full  of  leacheries 
and  iniquity. 

The    SON  G. 

Fie  on  Jinful  fhantafie : 
Fie  on  luft  and  luxury: 
Luft  is  but  a  bloody  fire* 
Kindled  with  unchafte  deftre^ 
Fed  in^  heart  whofe  flames  afpire^ 
As  thoughts  do  bbw  them  higher  and  higher. 
Pinch  him?  fairies ^  mutually  y 
Pinch  him  for  his  villany  : 
Pinch  him^  and  burn  him,  and  turn  him  about  $ 
w    *jTM  candle s,  and  ft 'ar- light ,  and  moon-Jhine  be  out. 

{52.)  During  this  Song,   they  pinch  him,     Docl or  Caius 
comes  one  way,  and  fteals  away  a  Boy  in  green  5  Slender* 

(31)  Eva.  It  is  right,  indeed:"]  This  ftiort  Speech,  which  is  very 
much  in  Character  for  Sir  Hugh,  I  have  inferted  from  the  old  Quarto. 

(32)  During  this  Song,]  This  Dire&ion  I  thought  proper  to  infert 
from  the  old  Quarto's,  as  it  is  neceffary  to  explain  what  is  in  Adlion  on 
the  Scene  j  and  on  which  a  Part  of  the  QataJIrofhe  q£  thG  Fable  depends. 

another 


3  ©4     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr. 

another  way^  and  he  takes  away  a  Boy  in  white  5  and 
Fenton  comes y  and  fteals  away  Mrs.  Anne  Page.  A 
Noife  of  hunting  is  made  within.  All  the  Fairies  run 
away.    Falftaff  pulls  off  his  Buck's  head,  and  rifes. 

Enter  Page,  Ford,  &V.    they  lay  hold  on  him. 

Page.  Nay,  do  not  fly  j  I  think,  We've  watcht  you 
now  3 
Will  none  but  Heme  the  hunter  ferve  your  turn  ? 

Mrs.  Page.  I  pray  you,  come 5  hold  up  the  j eft  no 
higher. 
Now,  good  Sir  John,  how  like  you  Windfor  wives? 
See  you  thefe,  husbands  ?  do  not  thefe  fair  Yoaks  (33) 
Become  the  Foreft  better  than  the  Town  ? 

Ford.  Now,  Sir,  who's  a  cuckold  now  ?  mafter 
Brook,  Falftaff  ys  a  knave,  a  cuckoldly  knave,  here  are 
his  horns,  mafter  Brook-,  and  mafter  Brook,  he  hath  en- 
joy'd  nothing  of  Ford's  but  his  buck-basket,  his  cudgel, 
and  twenty  pounds  of  mony,  which  muft  be  paid  to 
mafter  Brook  >  his  horfes  are  arrefted  for  it,  mafter 
Brook. 

Mrs.  Ford.  Sir  John,  we  have  had  ill  luck  •,  we  could 
never  meet.  I  will  never  take  you  for  my  love  again, 
but  I  will  always  count  you  my  deer. 

Fal.  I  do  begin  to  perceive,  that  I  am  made  an  ate. 

Ford.  Ay,  and  an  ox  too  :  both  the  proofs  are  ex- 
tant. 

Fal.  And  thefe  are  not  fairies?  I  was  three  or  four 
times  in  the  thought,  they  were  not  fairies ;  and  yen 
the  guiltinefs  of  my  mind,  the  fudden  furprize  of  my 

(33)  See  you  thefe  husbands?  Do  not  thefe  fair  Oaks 

Become  the  Foreft  better  than  the  Town  ?  ]  What  Oaks,  in  the 
Name  of  Nonfenfe,  do  our  fagacious  Editors  make  Mrs.  Page  talk  of? 
The  Oaks  in  the  Park  ?  But  there  was  no  Intention  of  tranfplanting 
them  into  the  Town.  — —  Me  quidem  pudet,  pigetque.  The  firft  Foli§ 
reads,  as  the  Poet  intended,  Yoaks :  and  Mrs.  Page's  Meaning  is  this. 
She  fpeaks  to  her  own,  and  Mrs.  Ford's  husband,  and  asks  them,  if 
they  fee  the  Horns  in  Falftaff*  hand  ;  and  then  alluding  to  them  as  the 
Types  of  Cuckoldom,  puts  the  Queftion,  whether  thofe  Teaks  are  not 
more  proper  in  the  Foreft  dim  in  the  Town:  i.e.  than  in  their  Families, 
a»  a  Reproach  to  them. 

powers, 


The  Merry  JVives  of  Wiadfbr.     3  of 

powers,  drove  the  grofsnefs  of  the  foppery  into  a  re- 
ceiv'd  belief,  in  defpight  of  the  teeth  of  all  rhime  and 
reafon,  that  they  were  fairies.  See  now,  how  wit  may 
be  made  a  jack-a-lent,  when  'tis  upon  ill  imploy- 
ment. 

Eva.  Sir  JohnFalftaff,  ferve  Got,  and  leave  your  de- 
fires,  and  fairies  will  not  pinfe  you. 

Ford.  Well  faid,  fairy  Hugh. 

Eva,  And  leave  you  your  jealouzies  too,  I  pray  you. 

Ford.  I  will  never  millruft  my  wife  again,  'till  thou 
art  able  to  woo  her  in  good  Englijh. 

Fat.  Have  I  laid  my  brain  in  the  fun  and  dry'd  it, 
that  it  wants  matter  to  prevent  fo  grofs  o'er-reaching 
as  this  ?  am  I  ridden  with  a  JVelch  goat  too  ?  fhall  1 
have  a  coxcomb  of  frize  ?  'tis  time,  I  were  choak'd 
with  a  piece  of  toafted  cheefe. 

Eva.  Seefe  is  not  good  to  give  putter  $  your  pelly  is 
all  putter. 

Fal.  Seefe  and  putter?  have  I  liv'd  to  ftand  in  the 
taunt  of  one,  that  makes  fritters  of  Englijh  ?  this  is  e- 
nough  to  be  the  decay  ofluftand  late- walking,  through 
the  Realm. 

Mrs.  Page.  Why,  Sir  John,  do  you  think,  though 
we  would  have  thruft  virtue  out  of  our  hearts  by  the 
head  and  fhoulders,  and  have  given  our  felves  without 
fcruple  to  hell,  that  ever  the  devil  could  have  made 
you  our  delight? 

Ford.  What,  a  hodge-pudding?  a  bag  of  flax?  (54) 

Mrs.  Page.  A  puft  man  ? 

Page.  Old,  cold,  wither'd,  and  of  intolerable  en* 
trails  ? 

Ford.  And  one  that  is  as  ilanderous  as  Satan? 

Page.  And  as  poor  as  Job  ? 

(34)  What,  a  hog's  pudding  P~\  Mr.  Pope  has  helped  us  'to  this  hogs- 
pudding  ;  all  the  ether  Editions,  which  1  have  feen,  have  it  righdy 
hodge-pudding,  as  it  is  vulgarly  written  and  pronounc'd ;  the  French  call, 
to  fhake,  or  jumble  together,  hocher :  and  they  have  a  Difti  call'd,  un 
hoche-pot,  which  is  a  Mixture  of  feveral  Sorts  of  Meats  cook'd  up  toge- 
ther. They  likewife  call  it,  un  p:t  pourri  :  (lays  Richslet)  a  Dilh, 
made  up  of  feveral  Meats  macerated  :  and  fuch  a  Gallimaufry,  does 
lord  mean,  is  Faljlajf, 

Vol.  I.  X  Ford: 


}o£     The  Merry  Waives  of  Windfor. 

F#rd.  And  as  wicked  as  his  wife? 

Evk.  And  given  to  fornications,  and  to  taverns* 
&hd  facks,  and  wines,  and  metheglins,  and  to  drink- 
frigs,  and  fwearings,  and  darings,  pribbles  and  prab* 
bles? 

Fal.  Well,  f  am  your  theme  5  you  have  the  Hart  of 
me;  I  am  dejected  $  I  am  not  able  toanfwer  the  Welch 
flannel  j  ignorance  it  felf  is  a  plummet  o'er  me  5  ufe 
me  as  you  will. 

Ford.  Marry,  Sir,  we'll  bring  you  to  Windfor  to  one 
Mr.  Brooke  that  you  have  cozen'd  of  mony,  to  whom 
you  fliould  have  been  a  pander :  over  and  above  that 
you  have  fuffer'd,  I  think,  to  repay  that  mony  will' be 
a  biting  afficlrion. 

(jf)  Mrs.  Ford,  Nay,  husband,  let  That  go  to  make 
amends : 
Forgive  that  Summ,  and  fo  we'll  all  be  Friends. 

Ford.  Well,  here's  my  hand  -,  all's  forgiven  at  iaft. 

Phge.  Yet  be  cheerful,  Knight  >  thou  ihalt  eat  a  pof- 
fet  to  night  at  my  houfe,  where  I  will  dell  re  thee  to 
laugh  at  my  wife,  that  now  laughs  at  thee.  Tell  her, 
Mr.  Slender  hath  marry'd  her  daughter. 

Mrs.  Page.  Doctors  doubt  that  j  if  dnne  Page  be  my 
daughter,  ihc  is,  by  this,  Doctor  Cains' 's  wife.     £/fftde. 

Enter  Slender. 

Slen.  What  hoe!  hoe!  father  Page  ? 

Page.  Son,  how  now?  how  now,  ion,  have  you  dif* 
patch'd  ? 

Slen.  Difpatch'd  ?  I'll  make  the  bell  in  Gloucefterjhire 
know  on't>  would  I  were  hang'd  la,  elfe. 

Page.  Of  what,  fon  ? 

(35)  Mrs.  Ford.  Nay,  hushandi]  This  and  the  following  little  Speech 
J  have  in-ferted  from  the  old  Quarto's.  The  Retrenchment,  I  preliime, 
was  by  the  Players  ;  and  an  injudicious  One,  in  my  Opinion.  Sir 
John  Faljtaf  is  defign'd  the  Favourite  Character  in  the  Play.  His  Vice* 
are  the  Subject  of  all  the  Pleafantry  :  and  he  is  fufficiently  punifh'd,  in 
being  difappointed  and  expos'd.  The  Expe&ation  of  his  being  perfe- 
c  ted  for  the  twenty  Pounds,  gives  the  Conclufion  too  tragical  a  Turn. 
Fe  ides,  it  is  poctick  Jvjlice  that  Ford  fhoukl  fuilain  this  Lofs,  as  a  Fine 
ior  his  unreafonabic  Jcalcufy. 

Page, 


7&f  Merry  tVfocs  of  Windfon     507 

Slen.  I  came  yonder  at  Zfo/0»  to  marry  miftrefs  Anne 
Page,  and  fhe's  a  great  lubberly  boy.  If  it  had  not 
been  i'th'  church,  1  would  have  fwing'd  him,  or  he 
mould  have  fwing'd  me.  If  I  did  not  think  it  had  been 
Anne  Page,  would  I  might  never  ftir,  and  'tis  a  poil- 
mafter's-boy. 

Page.  Upon  my  life,  then  you  took  the  wrong. 

Slen.  What  need  you  tell  me  that  ?  I  think  fo,  when 
I  took  a  boy  for  a  girl  :  if  I  had  been  marry 'd  to  him, 
for  all  he  was  in  woman's  apparel,  I  would  not  have 
had  him. 

Page.  Why*  this  is  your  own  folly.  £)id  not  I  teli 
you,  how  you  fliould  know  my  daughter  by  her  gar- 
ments ? 

Slen.  I  went  to  her  in  white  and  cry'd  mum*  and  fhe 
cry'd  budget,  as  Anne  and  I  had  appointed^  and  yet  it 
was  not  Anne,  but  a  poft-mafter's  boy. 

Eva.  Jefhu  !  Matter  Slender^  cannot  you  fee  but  marry 
boys  ? 

Page.  O,  I  am  vext  at  Heart.    What  (hall  I  do  ? 

Mrs.  Page.  Good  George,  be  not  angry ;  I  knew  cf 
your  purpofe,  turn'd  my  daughter  into  green,  and, 
indeed,  {he  is  now  with  the  Doctor  at  the  Deanery,  and 
there  married. 

Mnier  Caius. 

Caius.  Ver  is  miftrefs  Page  ?  by  gar,  I  am  tozen'd  % 
1'ha'  marryM  one  garfdon,  a  boy  j  one  peafant,  by  gar. 
A  boy  ;  it  is  not  Anne  Page  5  by  gar,  I  am  cozen'd. 

Mrs.  Page.  Why?  did  you  not  take  her  in  green? 

Caius.  Ay,  be  gar,  and  'tis  a  boy  j  be  gar^  I'll  raife 
all  Wind  for. 

Ford.  This  is  ftrange!  who  hath  got  the  right  Anne? 

Page.  My  heart  mifgives  me)  here  comes  Mr.  Few. 
ton. 

Enter  Fenton,  and  Anne  Page. 

How  now,  Mr.  Fenton  ? 

Anne,  Pardon,  good  father  5  good  my  mother,  par- 
don. 

X  %  Page. 


3 ©8     The  Merry  Wives  of  Windfbr. 

Page.  Now,  miftrefs,  how  chance  you  went  not  with 
Mr.  Slender  ? 

Mrs.  Page.   Why  went  you  not  with  Mr.  Do£tor, 
maid? 

Pent.  You  do  amaze  her  :  Hear  the  truth  of  it. 
You  would  have  marry'd  her  mod  fhamefully, 
Where  there  was  no  proportion  held  in  love  : 
The  truth  is,  flie  and  I,  long  fince  contradted, 
Are  now  fo  fure,  that  nothing  can  diffolve  us. 
Th'  offence  is  holy,  that  fhe  hath  committed  ; 
And  this  deceit  lofes  the  name  of  craft, 
Of  difobedience,  or  unduteous  title  j 
Since  therein  flie  doth  evitate  and  fhun . 
A  thoufand  irreligious  curfed  hours, 
Which  forced  marriage  would  have  brought  upon  her. 

Ford.  Stand  not  amaz'd,  here  is  no  remedy. 
In  love,  the  heav'ns  themfelves  do  guide  the  ftate  > 
Money  buys  lands,  and  wives  are  fold  by  fate. 

Pal.  I  am  glad,   tho'  you  have  ta'en  a  fpecial  Stand 
to  ftrike  at  me,  that  your  arrow  hath  glanc'd. 

Page.  Well,  what  remedy?  Fenton^  heav'n  give  thee 

What  cannot  be  efchew'd,  muft  be  embrae'd. 

Eva.  I  will  alfo  dance  and  eat  plums  at  your  Wed- 
ding. 

Pal.  When  night-dogs  run,    all  forts  of  deer  are 
chae'd. 

Mrs.  Page.  Well,  I  will  mufe  no  further.  Mr.Fen- 
Uftj 
Heav'n  give  you  many,  many  merry  days. 
Good  husband,  let  us  every  one  go  home, 
And  laugh  this  fport  o'er  by  a  country  fire, 
Sir  John  and  all. 

Ford.  Let  it  be  fo : —  Sir  John^ 
,  To  mailer  Brook  you  yet  (hall  hold  your  word; 
I  or  he,  to  night,  fhall  lye  with  miftrefs  Ford. 

[Exe.  Omm. 

M  E    A- 


MEASURE 


FOR 


MEASURE. 


X? 


Dramatis  Perfonas. 

VINCENTIO,  Duke  of  Vienna. 
Angelo,  Lord Deputy  in- the  Bute's  ah  fence. 

Efcalus  \  an  anc*ent  Lor dy  join? d  with  Angela  in  iht 

5  5     Deputation. 

Claud io,  a  young  gentleman. 

Lucio,  a  fantafiick. 

j[wo  Gentlemen. 

Varrius,  a  gffllemtat,  fervant  to  the  Duke+ 

Provoft. 

Thomas,  7  _  ,N 

p  >  two  Friars. 

jd  Juftice. 

Elbow,   a  fimple  Conftable. 

Froth,  a  foolifo  gentleman. 

Clown,  Servant  to  Mrs.  Over-doxv 

Abhorfon,  an  executioner. 

Jkrnardine,  a  dijfolute  prifoner, 

Ifabella,  fifter  to  Claudio. 
Marina,  betrothed  to  Angela,. 
Juliet,  beloved,  of  Claudio. 
Francifca,  a  Nun. 
Mifirefs  Over-don,  a  bawd. 

Guards^  Officer  s.y  and  other  attendants, 

SCENE,    Vienna. 


ME  A- 


Measure^  Measure. 


A    C    T     I. 

SCENE,  the  Duke's  PALACE. 

Enter  Duke,  Efcalus,  and  Lords. 


Duke. 


mSCALUS^ 


Efcah  My  Lord. 

Duke.  Of  Government  the  properties  t'un- 
fold, 
Would  feem  in  me  t'affecl:  fpeech  and  dif- 
courfe. 

Since  I  am  not  to  know,  that  your  own  Science 
Exceeds,  in  that,  the  lifts  of  all  advice 
My  ftrength  can  give  you:  then  no  more  remains:  (i) 

X  4  Pux 

(i)  then  no  more  remaines  : 

Put  that  to  your  Sufficiency,  as  your  Worth  is  able, 

And  let  them  wort  ]  I  doubt  not,  but  this  PafTage,  either  from  the  Im- 
pertinence of  the  Actors,  or  the  Negligence  of  the  Copyifts,  has  come 
maim'd  to  us.  In  the  firft  Place,  what  an  unmeafurable,  inharmonious, 
Verfe  have  we  here;  and,  then,  how  lame  is  the  Senfe!  What  was 
Efcalus  to  put  to  his  Sufficiency  ?  Why,  his  Science.  But  his  Science  and 
his  Sufficiency  were  but  One  and  the  fame  Tiling.  On  what  then  does 
the  Relative,  them,  depend?  The  old  Editions  read  thus. 
'Then  no  more  remaines, 


But  that  to  your  Sufficiency,  as  your  W&rih  is  able, 
And  let  them  work. 
Here,  again,  the  Senfe  is  manifeftly  lame  and  defective,  and  as  th* 
Verification  is  fo  too,  they  concur  to  make  me  think,  a  Line  has  acci- 
dentally been  left  out.    Perhaps,  fomething  like  This  might  fupply  our 
Author's  Meaning. 

— Tim 


3  ix      Measure/^  Measure.^ 

Put  that  to  your  fufficiency,  as  your  worth  is  able, 

And  let  them  work.     The  nature  of  our  people, 

Our  city's  inftitutions,  and  the  terms 

Of  common  juftiee,  y'are  as  pregnant  in, 

As  art  and  pra&ice  hath  enriched  any 

That  we  remember.     There  is  our  Commiflion, 

From  which  we  would  not  have  you  warp.  Call  hither, 

I  fay,  bid  come  before  us  Angelo : 

What  figure  of  us,  think  you,  he  will  bear  ? 

For  you  muft  know,  we  have  with  fpecial  foul 

Elected  him  our  Abfence  to  fupplyj 

Lent  him  our  Terror,  dreft  him  with  our  Love* 

And  giv'n  his  Deputation  all  the  organs 

Of  our  own  Power:  fay,  what  think  you  of  it? 

Efcal.  If  any  in  Vienna  be  of  worth 
To  undergo  fuch  ample  grace  and  honour, 
It  is  lord  Angelo. 

Enter  Angelo. 

Duke.  Look,  where  he  comes. 

Ang.  Always  obedient  to  your  Grace's  will, 
I  come  to  know  your  pleafure. 

Duke.  Angelo , 
There  is  a  kind  of  character  in  thy  life, 
That  to  th'  obferver  doth  thy  hiftory 
Fully  unfold  :  thy  felf  and  thy  belongings 
Are  not  thine  own  fo  proper,  as  to  wafte 
Thy  felf  upon  thy  virtues ;  they  on  thee. 
Heav'n  doth  with  us,  as  we  with  torches  do, 


'Then  no  more  remains, 


But  that  to  your  Sufficiency  you  add 

Due  Diligency,  as  your  Worth  is  able', 

And  let  them  <v:ork. 
By  fome  fuch  Supplement  both  the  Senfeand  Msafure  would  becur'd. 
But  as  the  Conjecture  is  unfupported  by  any  Authorities,  I  have  not 
pretended  to  thruft  it  into  the  Text ;  but  fubmit  it  to  Judgment.  They, 
who  arc  acquainted  with  Books,  know,  that,  where  two  Words  of  a  fimi- 
I.ir  Length  and  Termination  happen  to  lie  under  one  another,  nothing 
is  more  common  than  for  Tranfcribers  to  glance  their  Eye  at  once  from 
the  firji  to  the  undermofi  Word,  and  fo  leave  out  the  intermediate  part  of 
the  Sentence. 

i  Not 


Measure  for  Measure;     315 

Not  light  them  for  themfelves :  for  if  our  virtues   (z) 

Did  not  go  forth  of  us,  'twere  all  alike 

As  if  we  had  them  not.     Spirits  are  not  finely  touch'd, 

But  to  fine  iflues :  nor  Nature  never  lends 

The  fmalleft  fcruple  of  her  excellence, 

But,  like  a  thrifty  Goddefs,  fhe  determines 

Her  felf  the  glory  of  a  creditor, 

Both  thanks,  and  ufe.     But  I  do  bend  my  fpeech 

To  one  that  can  my  part  in  him  advertife  3 

Hold  therefore,  Angelo : 

In  our  Remove,  be  thou  at  full  our  felf. 

Mortality  and  Mercy  in  Vienna 

Live  in  thy  tongue  and  heart :  old  Efcalus^ 

Though  firfl;  in  queftion,  is  thy  Secondary. 

Take  thy  Commiffion. 

Ang.  Now,  good  my  lord, 
Let  there  be  fome  more  teft  made  of  my  metal, 
Before  fo  noble  and  fo  great  a  figure 
Be  ftampt  upon  it. 

Duke.  Come,  no  more  evafion : 
"We  have  with  a  prepared  and  leaven'd  choice 
Proceeded  to  you  \  therefore  take  your  honours. 
Our  hafte  from  hence  is  of  fo  quick  condition, 
That  it  prefers  it  felf,  and  leaves  unqueftion'd 
Matters  of  needful  value.     We  fhall  write  to  you, 
As  time  and  our  concernings  fhall  importune, 
How  it  goes  with  usj  and  do  look  to  know 
"What  doth  befal  you  here.     So,  fare  you  well. 
To  th'  hopeful  execution  do  I  leave  you 
Of  your  Commiffions. 

Ang.  Yet  give  me  leave,  my  lord, 
That  we  may  bring  you  fomething  on  the  way. 

Duke.  My  hafte  may  not  admit  it  5 
Nor  need  you,  on  mine  honour,  have  to  do 

(2)  ■  for  if  our  Virtues 

Did  not  go  forth  of  us,  'twere  all  alike 

As  if  we  had  them  not."]    This  Sentiment  feems   to  have  fprung 
from  the  following  PafTage  of  Horace,  Lib.  4.  Ode  9. 
Paulliim  fepult<£  dijlat  Inertia 
Celata  Virtus. 

With 


514     Measure  for  Measure, 

With  any  fcruple ;  your  Scope  is  as  mine  own, 

So  to  inforce,  or  qualifie  the  Laws, 

As  to  your  foul  feems  good.     Give  me  your  hand  j 

I'll  privily  away.     I  love  the  people ; 

But  do  not  like  to  ftage  me  to  their  eyes : 

Though  it  do  well,  I  do  not  relifh  well 

Their  loud  applaufe,  and  Aveys  vehement : 

Nor  do  I  think  the  man  of  fafe  difcretion, 

That  does  affect  it.     Once  more,  fare  you  well. 
Ang.  The  heav'ns  give  fafety  to  your  purpofes! 
Efcal.  Lead  forth,  and  bring  you  back  in  happinefs  { 
Duke.  I  thank  you,  fare  you  well.  [Exit, 

Efcal.  I  fhall  defire  you,  Sir,  to  give  me  leave 

To  have  free  fpeech  with  you  y  and  it  concerns  me 

To  look  into  the  bottom  of  my  Place: 

A  pow'r  I  have,  but  of  what  ftrength  and  nature 

I  am  not  yet  inftru&ed. 

Ang.  'Tis  fo  with  me:  let  us  withdraw  together, 

And  we  may  foon  our  fatisfaction  have 

pouching  that  point. 

Efcal  I'll  wait  upon  your  Honour.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE,   Tbt  Street. 

Enter  Lucio,   and  two  gentlemen. 

Lucio.  T  F  the  Duke,  with  the  other  Dukes,  come  not 
JL  to  compofition  with  the  King  of  Hungary^ 
why,  then  all  the  Dukes  fall  upon  the  King. 

1  Gent.  Heav'n  grant  us  its  peace,  but  not  the  King 
of  Hungary's*. 

1  Gent.  Amen.  ■ 

Lucio.  Thouconclud'ft  like  the  fan&imonious  Pirate* 
that  went  to  fea  with  the  ten  Commandments,  but 
fcrap'd  one  out  of  the  Table. 

2.  Gent.  Thou  ibalt  not  ileal, 

Lucio.  Ay,  that  he  raz'd. 

1  Gent.  Why,  'twas  a  Commandment  to  command 
the  captain  and  all  the  reft  from  their  fun&ions  *  they 
put  forth  10  ileal*  there's  not  a  foldier  of  us  all,  that, 

*  2& 


Measure  for  Measure.     3  i  j 

in  the  thankfgiving  before  meat,  do  relifh  the  petition 
well  that  prays  for  Peace. 

2  Gent.  I  never  heard  any  foldier  diflike  it. 

Lucio.  I  believe  thee :  for,  I  think,  thou  never  waft 
where  grace  was  faid. 

2  Gent.  No  ?  a  dozen  times  at  leaft. 

1  Gent.  What?  in  meeter? 

Lucio.  In  any  proportion,  or  in  any  language. 

1  Gent.  I  think,  or  in  any  religion. 

Lucio.  Ay,  why  not?  grace  is  grace,  defpight  of 
all  controverfie  5  as  for  example,  thou  thy  felf  art  a 
Wicked  villain,  defpight  of  all  grace. 

1  Gent.  Well;  there  went  but  a  pair  of  fheers  be? 
tween  us. 

Lucio.  I  grant}  as  there  may  between  the  lifts  and 
$he  velvet.     Thou  art  the  lift. 

1  Gent.  And  thou  the  velvet  j  thou  art  good  velvet  y 
thou'rt  a  three-pil'd  piece,  I  warrant  thee ;  I  had  as 
lief  be  a  lift  of  an  Englijh  kerfey,  as  be  pil'd,  as  thou 
art  pil'd,  for  a  French  velvet.  Do  I  fpeak  feelingly 
#ow  ? 

Lucio.  I  think,  thou  doftj  and,  indeed,  with  moft 
painful  feeling  of  thy  fpeech :  I  will,  out  of  thine  own 
confeffion,  learn  to  begin  thy  health $  but,  whilft  I  live^ 
forget  to  drink  after  thee. 

1  Gent.  I  think,  I  have  done  my  felf  wrong,  have  I 
not? 

z  Gent.  Yes,  that  thou  hafts  whether  thou  art  taint- 
ed, or  free. 

Lucio.  Behold,  behold,  where  Madam  Mitigation  comes. 

f  1  Gent,  I  have  purchas'd  as  many  difeafes  under  her 
toof,  as  come  to • 

2  Gent.  To  what,  I  pray  ? 
1  Gent.  Judge. 

z  Gent.  To  three  thoufand  dollars  a  year. 

I  Gent.  Ay,  and  more. 

Lucio.  A  French  crown  more.  (|) 

1  Gent* 

^3)  A  French  Crown  more.']  L-uch  means  here  not  the  piece  of  moiy 
fo  cail'd,  but  that  Ventrial  Scab  which  among  the  Surgeons  is  ftilM  CoT 

ro?}& 


3  i  6     Measure  for  Measure. 

i  Gent.  Thou  art  always  figuring  difeafcs  in  me  y  but 
thou  art  full  of  error  >  1  am  found.  " 

Lucio.  Nay,  not  as  one  would  fay  healthy  ,  but  fo 
found,  as  things  that  are  hollow  \  thy  bones  are  hol- 
low y  impiety  hath  made  a  feaft  of  thee. 

Enter  Bawd. 

i  Gent.  How  now,  which  of  your  hips  has  the  moft 
profound  fciatica? 

Bawd.  Well,  well  j  there's  one  yonder  arretted,  and 
carry'd  to  prifon,  was  worth  five  thoufand  of  you 
all. 

i  Gent.  Who's  that,  I  pr'ythee? 

Bawd.  Marry,  Sir,  that's  Claudio ;  Signior  Claudio. 

i  Gent.  Claudio  to  prifon?  'tis  not  fo. 

Bawd.  Nay,  but  I  know,  'tis  foj  I  faw  him  ar- 
retted 5  faw  him  carry'd  away;  and,  which  is  more, 
within  thefe  three  days  his  head  is  to  be  chopt  off. 

Lucio.  But,  after  all  this  fooling,  I  would  not  have 
it  fo :  art  thou  fure  of  this  ? 

Bawd.  1  am  too  fure  of  itj  and  it  is  for  getting 
madam  Julietta  with  child. 

Lucio.  Believe  me,  this  may  be ;  he  promifed  to 
meet  me  two  hours  fince,  and  he  was  ever  precife  in 
promife-keeping. 

z  Gent.  Befides,  you  know,  it  draws  fomething  near 
to  the  fpeech  we  had  to  fuch  a  purpofe. 

i  Gent.  But  moft  of  all  agreeing  with  the  Procla- 
mation. 

Lucio.  Away,  let's  go  learn  the  truth  of  it.       [Exe. 

rona  Veneris.      To  this,  I  think,  our  Author  likewife  makes  Quince 
allude  in  Midfummer  Nighfs  Dream. 

Some  of  your  French  Crowns  have  no  hair  at  all,  and  then  you  nvilt 
flay  bare-faced. 

As  B.  Jonfin  does  likewife  in  Cynthia  s  Revels. 

Afot.  /,  Sir,  Til  ajfureyou,  tis  a  Beaver.     It  coft  me  eight  Crowns 
hut  this  morning. 

Amo.  After  your  Trench  Account  ? 
Afot.  Tes,  Sir. 

Cri.  And  fo  near  his  Head? —  Bejhrenju  me,  dangerous. 
For  where  thefe  Eruptions  are,  the  Skull  is  carious,  and  the  Party  be- 
comes bald. 

planet 


Measure/^  Measure.       317 

Manet  Bawd. 
Bawd.   Thus,  what  with  the  war,   what  with  the 
fweat,  what  with  the  gallows,  and  what  with  pover- 
ty, I  am  cuftom-fhrunk.     How  now  ?  what's  the  news 
with  you? 

Enter  Clown. 
Clown.  Yonder  man  is  carry 'd  to  prifon. 
Bawd.  Well  >  what  has  he  done  ? 
Clown.  A  woman. 
Bawd.  But  what's  his  offence? 
Clown.  Groping  for  trouts  in  a  peculiar  river. 
Bawd.  What  ?  is  there  a  maid  with  child  by  him  ? 
Clown.  No  5  but  there's  a  woman  with  maid  by  him. 
You  have  not  heard  of  the  Proclamation,  have  you? 
Bawd.  What  Proclamation,   man  ? 
Clown.  All  houfes  in  the  fuburbs  of  Vienna  mud  r^e 
pluck'd  down. 

Bawd.  And  what  fliall  become  of  thofe  in  the  city? 
Clown.  They   {hall    fland   for   feed  •,  they  had  gone 
down  too,  but  that  a  wife  burger  put  in  for  them. 

Bawd.  But  fliall  all  our  houfes  of  refort  in  the  fub- 
urbs be  pull'd  down? 

Clown.  To  the  ground,  miftrefs. 
Bawd.  Why,  here's  a  change,  indeed,  in  the  corn- 
man  wealth j  what  lhall  become  of  me? 

Clown.  Come,  fear  not  you  5  good  counfellors  lack 
no  clients  -9  though  you  change  your  place,  you  need 
not  change  your  trade :  I'll  be  your  tapfter  flill.  Cou- 
rage, there  will  be  pity  taken  on  you ;  you  that  have 
worn  your  eyes  almoft  out  in  the  fervice,  you  will  be 
confidered. 

Bawd.  What's  to  do  here,  "Thomas  Tapfler?  let's 
withdraw. 

Clown.  Here  comes  Signior  Claudio^  led  by  the  Pro- 
voft  to  prifon  5  and  there's  Madam  Juliet. 

[_Ex.  Bawd  and  Clown. 

Enter  Provoft,   Claudio,  Juliet,  and  Officers.     Lucio 

and  two  Gentlemen. 

Claud.  Fellow,  why  doft  thou  fhow  me  thus  to  th* 
world  ?  Bear 


p8     Measure/^  Measu^ 

Bear  me  to  prifon,  where  I  am  committed. 

Prov.  I  do  it  not  in  evil  difpofition, 
But  from  lord  Jngelo  by  fpecial  charge; 

Claud.  Thus  can  the  Demi-god,  Authority, 
Make  us  pay  down,  for  our  offence,  by  weight 
The  words  of  heaven  j  on  whom  it  will,  it  will  5 
On  whom  it  will  not,  fo$  yet  ftill  'tis  juft. 

Lucio.  Why  how  now,  Claudio?  whence  comes  this 
re  (train  t  ? 

Claud.  From  too  much  liberty,  my  Lucky  liberty  j 
As  furfeit  is  the  father  of  much  faft, 
So  every  fcope  by  the  immod'rate  ufe 
Turns  to  reftraint :  our  natures  do  purfue, 
Like  rats  that  ravin  down  their  proper  bane* 
A  thirfty  evil ;  and  when  we  drink,  we  die. 

Lucio.  If  I  could  fpeak  fo  wifely  under  an  arreft,  t 
\vould  fend  for  certain  of  my  creditors}  and  yet,  to 
fay  the  truth)  I  had  as  lief  have  the  foppery  of  free- 
dom, as  the  morality  of  imprifonment :  what's  thy  of* 
fence,  Claudio  ? 

Claud.  What,  but  to  fpeak  of,  would  offend  again. 

Lucio.  What  is't,  murder? 

Claud.  No. 

Lucio.  Letchery? 

Claud.  Call  it  fo. 

Prov.  Away*  Sir,  you  muft  go. 

Claud.  One  word,  good  friend:—  Lucio,  a  word 
with  you. 

Lucio.  A  hundred  -,  if  they'll  do  you  any  good :  is 
letchery  fo  look'd  after  ? 

Claud.  Thus  ftands  it  with  me;  upon  a  true  con- 
tract 
I  got  poffefliori  of  Julietta's  bed, 
(You  know  the  lady,)  ihe  is  faft  my  wife  5 
Save  that  we  do  the  denunciation  lack 
Of  outward  order.     This  we  came  not  to, 
Only  for  propagation  of  a  dower 
Remaining  in  the  coffer  of  her  friends; 
From  whom  we  thought  it  meet  to  hide  our  love* 
Till  cime  had  made  them  for  us.     But  it  chances, 

The 


Measure/^  Measure.     51? 

The  ftealth  of  our  moil  mutual  entertainment, 
With  character  too  grofs,  is  writ  on  Juliet, 

Lucio.  With  child,  perhaps? 

Claud.  Unhappily,  even  fo. 
And  the  new  Deputy  now  for  the  Duke, 
(Whether  it  be  the  fault,  and  glimpfe,  of  newnefs> 
Or  whether  that  the  body  publick  be 
A  horfe  whereon  the  Governor  doth  ride, 
Who,  newly  in  the  feat,  that  it  may  know 
He  can  command,  lets  it  ftrait  feel  the  fpurj 
Whether  the  tyranny  be  in  his  Place, 
Or  in  his  eminence  that  fills  it  up, 
I  ftagger  in:)~  but  this  new  Governor 
Awakes  me  all  th'  enrolled  penalties, 
Which  have,  like  unfeour'd  armour,  hung  by  th'  wall 
So  long,  that  nineteen  Zodiacks  have  gone  round,   (4) 
And  none  of  them  been  wornj  and,  for  a  name, 
Now  puts  the  drowfie  and  neglected  A£fc 
Freflily  on  me  5  'tis,  furely,  for  a  name. 

Lucio.  I  warrant,  it  isj  and  thy  head  ftands  fo  tickle 
on  thy  fhoulders,  that  a  milk-maid,  if  flic  be  in  love;, 
may  figh  it  off.  Send  after  the  Duke,  and  appeal  to 
him. 

Claud.  I  have  done  fo,  but  he's  not  to  be  found. 
I  pr'ythee,  Lucio^  do  me  this  kind  fervice: 
This  day  my  Sifter  mould  the  Cioifter  enter, 
And  there  receive  her  Approbation. 
Acquaint  her  with  the  danger  of  my  (late, 
Implore  her,  in  my  voice,  that  fhe  make  friends 
To  the  ftricl:  Deputy  5  bid  her  fclf  allay  him  -9 
I  have  great  hope  in  that  5  for  in  her  youth 
There  is  a  prone  and  fpeechlefs  dialecl:, 
Such  as  moves  men !  befide,  ihe  'hath  profp'rous  art 
When  fhe  will  play  with  reafon  and  difcourfe, 
And  well  ihe  can  perfuade. 

(4)  So  long,  that  nineteen  Zodiacks  haos  gone.  rgund^\  The  Duke,  in 
the  Scene  immediately  following,  fays, 

Which  for  thefe  fourteen  Tears  <vje  have  lit  flip, 
The  Author  could  not  fo  difagree  with  himfelf,  in  fo  narrow  a  Compafs. 
The  Numbers  mull  have  been  wrote  in  Figures,  and  fo  miftaken:  for 
which  reafon,  'tis  neceffary  to  make  the  two  Account  correspond. 

LrWW, 


320     Measure/^  Measure. 

Lucio.  I  pny,  flie  may  $  as  well  for  the  encourage- 
ment of  the  like,  which  elfe  would  ftand  under  grie- 
vous impofition  j  as  for  the  enjoying  of  thy  life,  who 
I  would  be  forry  fhould  be  thus  foolifhly  loft  at  a 
game  of  tick-tack.     I'll  to  her. 

Claud.  I  thank  you,  good  friend  Lucio. 

Lucio.  Within  two  hours,- 

Claud.  Come,  officer,  away.  \Exeunt. 

S  C  E  N  E,  A  Monastery. 

Enter  Duke,  and  Friar  Thomas. 

Duke.^\  Oy  holy  father,  throw  away  that  thought; 
xN   Believe  not,  that  the  dribbling  dart  of  love 
Can  pierce  a  compleat  bofom :  why  I  defire  thee 
To  give  me  fecret  harbour,  hath  a  purpofe 
More  grave,  and  wrinkled,  than  the  aims  and  ends 
Of  burning  youth. 

Fri.  May  your  Grace  fpeak  of  it? 

Duke.  My  holy  Sir,  none  better  knows  than  you, 
How  I  have  ever  lov'd  the  life  remov'dj 
And  held  in  idle  price  to  haunt  AiTemblies, 
Where  youth,  and  colt,  and  witlefs  bravery  keeps. 
I  have  deliver'd  to  lord  Angelo 
(A  man  of  ftri&ure  and  firm  abftinence)    (f) 

My 

(5)  A  Man  ^Stricture.]  Mr.  Warburton  obferves,  that  StriStura,  from 
which  this  Word  fhould  feem  to  be  form'd,  fignified,  among  the  La- 
tines,  the  Spark  which  flies  from  red-hot  Iron  when  ftruck ;  whence,  in 
Englijb,  it  has  been  metaphorically  taken  for  a  bright  Stroke  in  an  Au- 
thor :  nor  has  it,  fays  he,  any  other  Signification.  And  he  very  reafonably 
queflions,  whether  it  had  That  in  S 'hake/pear -is  time.  As  fo  remote  a 
Signification  could  have  no  place  in  the  Text  here,  he  fufpects  that  two 
Words  mull  have  ignorantly  been  jumbled  into  one,  and  that  our  Author 
wrote : 

A  Man  of  Uriel:  ure  and  firm  Abfiinence.  i.  e.  a  Man  of  a  fevere  habit 
of  Life.  Ure,  'tis  certain,  was  a  Word  ufed  in  Chaucer's  Time 
for  Chance,  Deftiny,  Fortune;  (when  deriv'd  from  heur;)  and  alfo  for 
Habit,  Cuftom;  (when  contracted  from  the  ufura  of  the  Latines;) 
whence  we  have  form'd  our  compound  Adjective,  enured,  habituated  to. 
Tho'  I  have  not  difturb'd  the  Text,  the  Conjecture  was  too  ingenious 
to  be  pafs'd  over  in  Silence.  But  as  it  is  molt  frequent  with  our  Au- 
thor 


Measure  for  Measure.      311 

My  abfolute  Pow'r  and  Place  here  in  Vienna; 
And  he  fuppofes  me  travell'd  to  Poland; 
For  fo  I've  ftrew'd  it  in  the  common  ear, 
And  fo  it  is  receiv'd :  now,  pious  Sir, 
You  will  demand  of  me,  why  I  do  this? 

Fri.  Gladly,  my  lord. 

Duke.  We  have  ftricl:  Statutes  and  moil  biting  Laws, 
(The  needful  bits  and  curbs  for  head-flrong  Steeds,)  (6) 
Which  for  thefe  nineteen  years  we  have  let  fleep  5  (7) 

Even 

thor  as  well  to  coin  Words,  as  to  form  their  Terminations  ad  libitum ; 
he  may  have  adopted  Striclure  here  to  fignify  StriStnefs;  as  afterwards. 
in  this  very  Play,  he  has  introduced  prompture,  the  Ufage  of  which  Word 
*I  no  where  elfe  remember  in  our  Tongue ;  neither  have  we  promptura. 
or  prompture,  from  the  Latin  or  French,  that  I  know  of. 

(6)  The  needful  Bits  and  Curbs  for  headjirong  Weeds :]  There  is  no 
manner  of  Analogy,  or  Confonance,  in  the  Metaphors  here :  and,  tho* 
the  Copies  agree,  I  do  not  think,  the  Author  would  have  talk'd  of 
Bits  and  Curbs  for  Weeds.  On  the  other  hand,  nothing  can  be  more 
proper,  than  to  compare  Perfons  of  unbridled  Licentioufnefs  to  head- 
flrong  Steeds :  and,  in  this  View,  bridling  the  PaJJions  has  been  a  Phrafe 
adopted  by  our  bell  Poets. 

So,  Horace,  Lib.  iv.  Od.  15. 
» ■     ■  '      &  Ordinem 
Reclum  evaganti  frena  Licentise- 
Jnjecit,  emovitque  culpas, 
Et  *veteres  re<voca<vit  Artes, 
So,  in  his  Epiftles,  Lib.  1 .  Ep.  2. 

■    '  animum  rege,  qui,  nifi  paret, 

Imperat,  hunc  frenis,  hunc  tu  compefce  catena. 
And  fo  the  elegant  Phadrus,  Lib.  1 .  Fab.  2. 
Procax  libertas  civitatem  mifcuit, 
Frenumque  fofoit  priftinum  licentia. 
But  Initances  were  endlefs  both  from  the  Poets,  and  Profe-writers. 

(7)  Which  for  thefe  fourteen  Tears  we  have  let  flip,]  For  fourteen  I 
have  made  no  Scruple  to  replace  nineteen.  The  Reaibn  will  be  obvious 
to  the  Reader,  who  mall  look  back  to  the  4th  Note  upon  this  Piay. 
I  have,  I  hope,  upon  as  good  Authority,  alter'd  the  odd  Phrafe  of  Let- 
ting the  Laws  flip:  for,  fuppofing  the  Expreffion  might  be  jultified, 
yet  how  does  it  fort  with  the  Comparifon,  that  follows,  of  a  Lion  in 
his  Cave  that  went  not  out  to  prey  ?  But  letting  the  Laws  fleep,  as  I 
have  reftor'd  to  the  Text,  adds  a  particular  Propriety  to  the  Thing  re- 
prefented,  and  accords  exactly  too  with  the  Simile.  It  is  the  Mecapht  r 
too,  that  our  Author  feems  fond  of  ufmg  upon  this  Occafion,  in  ievc- 
ral  other  Paffages  of  this  Play. 

The  Law  hath  not  been  dead,  tho  if  hath  flept ; 

. _  ([is  now  awake. 

Vol.  I.  Y  And 


j  it     Measure  for  Measure* 

Even  like  an  o'er-grown  lion  in  a  cave, 

That  goes  not  out  to  prey  :  now,  as  fond  fathers 

Having  bound  up  the  threat'ning  twigs  of  birch, 

Only  to  ftick  it  in  their  children's  fight, 

For  terror,  not  to  ufej  in  time  the  rod 

Becomes  more  mock'd,  than  fear'd :  fo  our  Decrees, 

Dead  to  infliclion,  to  themfelves  are  dead  5 

And  Liberty  plucks  Juftice  by  the  nofc  j 

The  baby  beats  the  nurfe,  and  quite  athwart 

Goes  all  decorum. 

Fri.  It  refted  in  your  Grace 
T'unloofe  this  ty'd-up  juflice,  when  you'pleas'd: 
And  it  in  you  more  dreadful  would  have  feem'd, 
Than  in  lord  Angelo. 

Duke.  I  do  fear,  too  dreadful. 
Sith  'twas  my  fault  to  give  the  people  fcope, 
'Twould  be  my  tyranny  to  ftrike,  and  gall  them, 
For  what  I  bid  them  do.     For  we  bid  this  be  done, 
When  evil  deeds  have  their  permiffive  pafs, 
And  not  the  punifhment.  Therefore*  indeed,  my  father, 
I  have  on  Angelo  impos'd  the  office  : 
Who  may  in  th'  ambuih  of  my  name  ftrike  home, 
And  yet,  my  nature  never  in  the  fight 
So  do  in  flander :  And  to  behold  his  fway, 
I  will,  as  'twere  a  Brother  of  your  Order, 
Vifit  both  Prince  and  people  j  therefore,  pr'ythee, 
Supply  me  with  the  habit,  and  inftruct  me 
How  1  may  formally  in  perfon  bear, 
Like  a  true  Friar,     More  reafons  for  this  action 
At  our  more  leifure  fhall  I  render  you ; 
Only,  this  one : —  Lord  Angelo  is  precife  j 
Stands  at  a  guard  with  envy  -y  fcarce  confeCTes 
That  his  blood  flows,  or  that  his  appetite 
Is  more  to  bread  than  ftone :  hence  fhall  we  fee, 
If  Pow'r  change  Purpofe,  what  our  Seemers  be.  [Exe. 

And  fo,  again, 

but  this  ne<vo  Go<vernour 

Awakes  ?ne  all  th' enrolled Penalties ; 

and  for  a  Name 

No<w  puts  the  drowfie  and  neglefted  Aft 

Frejbly  on  ?ne.  SCENE 


(Me as ure  for  Measure*     jij 

SCENE,   A  Nunnery 

Enter  Ifabella  and  Francifca. 

Ifab.   AND  have  you  Nuns  no  farther  privileges  \ 

Ji\     Nun.  Are  not  thefe  large  enough  ? 
x  I  fab.  Yes,  truly  j  I  fpeak  not^  as  defiring  more* 
But  rather  wifhing  a  more  ftrict  reftraint 
Upon  the  fifter- hood,  the  votarifts  of  Saint  Clare. 
^  Luck.  {Within?^   Hoa!  Peace  be  in  this  place! 

Ifab.  Who's  that,  which  calls  ? 

Nun.  It  is  a  man's  voice :  gentle  Ifabella^ 
Turn  you  the  key,  and  know  his  bufinefs  of  him  $ 
You  may  j  I  may  not*  you  are  yet  unfworn: 
When  you  have  vow'd,  you  muft  not  fpeak  with  men* 
But  in  the  prefence  of  the  Priorefs  \ 
Then,  if  you  fpeak*  you  muft  not  iliew  your  facej 
Or,  if  you  {hew  your  face,  you  muft  not  fpeak. 
He  calls  again  j  I  pray  you,  anfwer  him.  [Exit.  Franc* 

Ifab.  Peace  and  profperity !  who  is't  that  calls  ? 

Enter  Lucio. 

Lucio.  Hail,  virgin,  (if  you  be)  as  thofe  clieek-rofes 
Proclaim  you  are  no  lefs  5  can  you  fo  ftead  me, 
As  bring  me  to  the  fight  of  Ifabella^ 
A  novice  of  this  place,  and  the  fair  fifter 
To  her  Unhappy  brother  Claudio  ? 

Ifab.  Why  her  unhappy  brother?  let  me  ask 
The  rather,  for  I  now  muft  make  you  know 
I  am  that  Ifabella^  and  his  fifter. 

Lucio.   Gentle  and  fair,  your  brother  kindly  greets 
you; 
Not  to  be  weary  with  you,  he's  in  prifori. 

Ifab.  Wo  me!  for  what? 

Lucio.  For  that,  which,  if  my  felf  might  be  his  judge, 
tie  mould  receive  his  punimment  in  thanks  5 
He  hath  got  his  friend  with  child. 

Ifab.  Sir,  make  me  not  your  ftory. 

Lucio.  Tis  true:— I  would  not  (tho'  'tis  my  familiar  fin 
With  maids  to  fcem  the  lapwing,  and  to  jeft, 

Y  i,  Tongwe 


314     Measure  yi>r  Measure. 

Tongue  far  from  heart)  play  with  all  virgins  fo. 
I  hold  you  as  a  thing  en-sky'd,  and  fainted  j 
By  your  renouncement,  an  immortal  Spirit  5 
And  to  be  talk'd  with  in  fincerity, 
As  with  a  Saint. 

Ifab.  You  do  blafpheme  the  good,  in  mocking  me. 

Luck.  Do  not  believe  it.    Fewnefs,  and  truth,  *tif 
thus } 
Your,  brother  and  his  lover  having  embrac'd, 
As  thofe  that  feed  grow  full,  as  bloflbming  time 
That  from  the  feednefs  the  bare  fallow  brings 
To  teeming  foyfon  5  fo  her  plenteous  womb 
Exprefleth  his  full  tilth  and  husbandry. 

Ifab.  Some  one  with  child  by  him  ?— —  my  coufin 
'Juliet  ? 

Lucio.  Is  fhe  your  coufin  ? 

Ifab.  Adoptedly,  as  fchool- maids  change  their  names, 
By  vain,  tho'  apt,  affe&ion. 

Lucio.  She  it  is. 

Ifab.  CX  let  him  marry  her. 

Lucio.  This  is  the  point. 
The  Duke  is  very  ftrangely  gone  from  hence  j 
Bore  many  gentlemen,  my  felf  being  one, 
In  hand  and  hope  of  a&ion  -,  but  we  learn, 
By  thofe  that  know  the  very  nerves  of  State, 
His  Givings  out  were  of  an  infinite  diftance 
From  his  true- meant  Defign.     Upon  his  place, 
And  with  full  line  of  his  authority, 
Governs  lord  Angelo  3  a  man  whofe  blood 
Is  very  fnow-broth ;  one  who  never  feels 
The  wanton  flings  and  motions  of  the  fenfe ; 
But  doth  rebate  and  blunt  his  natural  edge 
With  profits  of  the  mind,  ftudy  and  faft. 
He,  (to  give  fear  to  ufe  and  liberty, 
"Which  have  long  time  run  by  the  hideous  law, 
As  mice  by  lyons*,)  hath  pickt  out  an  Aft, 
Under  whofe  heavy  fenfe  your  brother's  life 
Falls  into  forfeit-,  he  arreits  him  on  ic > 
And  follows  clofe  the  rigor  of  the  Statute, 
To  make  him  an  example  5  all  hope's  gone, 

Unlefs 


Measure^  Measure.     315 

Unlefs  you  have  the  grace  by  your  fair  prayer 
To  fofcen  Angelo  j  and  that's  my  Pith  of  bufincfs 
'Twixt  you  and  your  poor  brother. 

Ifab.  Doth  he  fo. 
Seek  for  his  life? 

Lucio.  H'as  cenfur'd  him  already  j 
•And,  as  I  hear,  the  Provoft  hath  a  Warrant 
For's  execution. 

Ifab.  Alas !  what  poor 
Ability's  in  me,  to  do  him  good  ? 

Lucio.  AfTay  the  power  you  have. 

Ifab.  My* power?  Alas!  I  doubt. 

Lucio.  Our  doubts  are  traitors  $ 
And  make  us  lofe  the  good,  we  oft  might  win, 
By  fearing  to  attempt.     Go  to  lord  Angelo^ 
And  let  him  learn  to  know,  when  maidens  fue, 
Men  give  like  Gods  j  but  when  they  weep  aqd  kneel, 
All  their  petitions  are  as  truly  theirs, 
As  they  themfelves  would  owe  them. 

Ifab.  Pll  fee  what  1  can  do. 

Lucio.  But,  fpeedily. 

Ifab.  I  will  about  it  ftrait ; 
No  longer  flaying,  but  to  give  the  mother 
Notice  of  my  affair.     I  humbly  thank  you; 
Commend  me  to  my  brother :  foon  at  night 
Pll  fend  him  certain  word  of  my  fuccefs. 

Lucio.  I  take  my  leave  of  you. 

Ifab.  Good  Sir,  adieu.  [Exeunt* 


Y  3  ACT 


k      A 


jid     Measure  for  Measure, 

A  C  T    II. 

SCENE,     The  Palace. 

Enter  Angela,  Efcalus,  a  Juftice,  and  attendant*. 

A    N    G    E    L    O. 

WE  muft  not  make  a  fcare-crow  of  the  law, 
Setting  it  up  to  fear  the  birds  of  prey, 
And   let   it   keep  one  fhape,   'till  cuftom 
make  it 
Their  pearch,  and  not  their  terror. 

Efcal.  Ay,  but  yet 
Let  us  be  keen,  and  rather  cut  a  little, 
Than  fall,  and  bruife  to  death.     Alas!  this  gentleman, 
Whom  I  would  fave,  had  a  moft  noble  father  $ 
JLet  but  your  Honour  know, 
Whom  I  believe  to  he  moft  ftrait  in  virtue, 
That,  in  the  working  of  your  own  affections, 
Had  time  coher'd  with  place,  or  place  with  wifliing, 
Or  that  the  refolute  afting  of  your  blood 
Could  have  attain'd  th'  effe£t  of  your  own  purpofej 
Whether  you  had  not  fometime  in  your  life 
JLrr'd  in  this  point,  which  now  you  cenfure  him^ 
And  pull'd  the  law  upon  you.. 

Ang.  'Tis  one  thing  to  be  tempted,  Efcalusr 
Another  thing  to  fall.     I  not  deny, 
The  jury,  paffing  on  the  prifoner's  life, 
May  in  the  fworn  twelve  have  a  thief  or  two, 
Guiltier  than   him  they  try  5   what's   open   made   to 

juftice, 
That  juftice  feizes  on.     What  know  the  laws, 
That  thieves  do  pafs  on  thieves  ?  'tis  very  pregnant^ 
The  jewel  that  we  find,  we  ftoop  and  take't, 
Becaufe  we  fee  it  \  but  what  we  do  not  fee, 
We  tread  upon,  and  never  think  of  it. 
You  may  not  fo  extenuate  his  offence, 


Measure/^  Measure.     317 

For  I  have  had  fuch  faults  >  but  rather  tell  me, 
When  I,  that  cenfure  him,  do  To  offend, 
,  JL,et  mine  own  judgment  pattern  out  my  death, 
And  nothing  come  in  partial.     Sir,  he  mult  die. 

Enter  Provoft. 

EfcaL  Be't,  as  your  Wifdom  will. 

Ang.  Where  is  the  Provoft  ? 

Prov.  Here,  if  it  like  your  Honour. 

Ang.  See,  that  Claudio 
Be  executed  by  nine  to  morrow  morning. 
Bring  him  his  Confeflbr,  let  him  be  prepar'd  j 
For  that's  the  utmoft  of  his  pilgrimage.  —   Exit  Prov. 

EfcaL  Well,  heav'n  forgive  him !  and  forgive  us  ail ; 
Some  rife  by  fin,  and  fome  by  virtue  fall  : 
Some  run  through  brakes  of  vice,   and  anfwer  none  * 
And  fome  condemned  for  a  fault  alone. 

Enter  Elbow,  Froth,  Clown,  and  Officers. 

Elb.  Come,  bring  them  away ;  if  thefe  be  good  peo- 
ple in  a  common-weal,  that  do  nothing  but  ufe  their 
abufes  in  common  houfes,  I  know  no  law*  bring 
them  away. 

Ang.  How  now,  Sir,  what's  your  name?  and  what's 
the  matter  ? 

Elb.  If  it  pleafe  your  Honour,  I  am  the  poor  Duke's 
conftable,  and  my  name  is  Elbow  \  I  do  lean  upon 
juftice,  Sir,  and  do  bring  in  here  before  your  good 
Honour  two  notorious  benefactors. 

Ang.  Benefactors  ?  well ;  what  benefactors  are  they  ? 
are  they  not  malefactors  ? 

Elb.  If  it  pleafe  your  Honour,  I  know  not  well  what 
they  are  •,  but  precife  villains  they  are,  that  I  am  fure 
of  j  and  void  of  all  profanation  in  the  world,  that  good 
chriftians  ought  to  have. 

EfcaL  This  comes  off  well ;  here's  a  wife  Officer. 

Ang.  Go  to  :  what  quality  are  they  of?  Elbow  is 
your  name  ?  Why  dofl:  thou  not  fpeak,  Elbow  ? 

Clown.  He  cannot,  Sir ;  he's  out  ac  elbow. 

Y  4  -^ 


318      Measure  for  Measure. 

Ang,  What  are  you,  Sir  ? 

Elb.  He,  Sir?  a  tapfter,  Sir  $  parcel-bawd  5  one  that 
ferves  a  bad  woman  5  whofe  houfe,  Sir,  was,  as  they  fay, 
pluckt  down  in  the   fuburbs ;  and  now  fhe  profefles  a 
hot-houfe  5  which,  I  think,  is  a  very  ill  houfe  too. 
Efcal.  How  know  you  that  ? 

Elb.  My  wife,  Sir,  whom  I  deteft  before  heav'n  and 
your  Honour,  — — • 
Efcal.  How  !   thy  wife  ? 
Elb.   Ay,  Sir  ;  whom,  I  thank  heav'n,  is  an  honeft 

woman ; — 

Efcal.  Doft  thou  deteft  her  therefore  ? 
Elb.  I  fay,  Sir,  I  will  deteft  my  feif  alfo,  as  well  as 
{he,  that  this  houfe,  if  it  be  not  a  bawd's  houfe,  it  is 
pity  of  her  life,  for  it  is  a  naughty  houfe. 
Efcal.  How  doil  thou  know  that,  conftable  ? 
Elb.  Marry,  Sir,  by  my  wife  5  who,  if  {he  had  been 
a  woman  cardinally  given,   might  have  been  accufed 
in  fornication,  adultery,  and  all  uncleannefs  there. 
Efcal.  By  the  woman's  means  ? 
Elb.  Ay,  Sir,  by  miftrefs  Over-dorfs  means,  but  as 
fhe  fpit  in  his  face,  fo  fhe  defy'd  him. 

Clown.  Sir,  if  it  pleafe  your  Honour,  this  is  not  fo. 
Elb.  Prove  it  before  thefe  varlets  here,  thou  honou- 
rable man,  prove  it. 

Efcal.  Do  you  hear,  how  he  mifplaces  ? 
Clown.  Sir,  fhe  came  in  great  with  child  ;   and  long- 
ing (favingyour  Honour's  reverence)  for  flew'd  prewns  5 
Sir,  we  had  but  two  in  the  houfe,  which  at  that  very 
diftant  time  flood,  as  it  were,  in  a  fruit-dim,  a  difh 
of  fome  three  pence  -,    (your  Honours  have  feen  fuch 
dimes  *   they   are  not   China    dimes,    but    very   good 
difhes.) 
Efcal.  Go  to,  go  to  >  no  matter  for  the  difh,  Sir. 
Clown.  No,  indeed,  Sir,  not  of  a  pin>  you  are  there- 
in in  the  right :  but  to  the  point  j  as  I  fay,    this  mif- 
trefs  ElbozV)  being,  as   I    fay,  with  child,  and    being 
great  belly'd,  and  longing,  as  I   faid,  for  prewns  >  and 
having  but  Two  in  the  difh,  as  I  faid  5    mailer  Froth 
here,  this  very  man,  having  eaten  the  reft,  as  I  laid, 

and, 


Measure/^  Measure.     31^ 

and,  as  I  fay,  paying  for  them  very  honeftlyj  for,  as 
you  know,  mafter  Froth,  I  could  not  give  you  three 
pence  again. 
Froth.  No,  indeed. 

Clown.  Very  well  5  you  being  then,  if  you  be  re- 
membred,  cracking  the  ftones  of  the  forefaid  prewns. 
Froth.  Ay,  fo  1  did,  indeed. 

Clown.  Why,  very  well*  I  telling  you  then,  if  you 
be  remembred,  that  fuch  a  one,  and  fuch  a  one,  were 
paft  cure  of  the  thing  you  wot  of,  unlefs  they  kept  very- 
good  diet,  as  I  told  you. 
*  Froth.  All  this  is  true. 
Clown.  Why,  very  well  then. 

Efcal.  Come,  you  are  a  tedious  fool ;  to  the  purpofe : 
what  was  done  to  Elbow's  wife,  that  he  hath  caufe  to 
complain  of?  come  to  what  was  done  to  her. 

Clown.  Sir,  your  Honour  cannot  come  to  that  yet. 
Efcal.  No,  Sir,  nor  I  mean  it  not. 
Clown.  Sir,  but  you  fhall  come  to  it,  by  your  Ho- 
nour's leave :  and,  I  befeech  you,  look  into  mafter  Froth 
here,  Sir,  a  man  of  fourfcore  pound  a  year  j  whofe  fa- 
ther dy'd  at  Hallowmas.  Was't  not  at  Hallowmas,  maf- 
ter Froth  ? 

Froth.  All-holland  eve. 

Clown.  Why,  very  well*  I  hope  here  be  truths.  He, 
Sir,  fitting,  as  I  fay,  in  a  lower  chair,  Sir  5  'twas  in 
the  bunch  of  grapes,  where,  indeed,  you  have  a  delight 
to  fit,  have  you  not? 

Froth.  I  have  fo,  becaufe  it  is  an  open  room,  and 
good  for  winter. 

Clown.  Why,  very  well  then*  I  hope,  here  be  truths. 
Ang.  This  will  laft  out  a  night  in  Rujfia, 
When  nights  are  longeft  there.   I'll  take  my  leave, 
And  leave  you  to  the  hearing  of  the  Caufe  5 
Hoping,  you'll  find  good  caufe  to  whip  them  all. 
Efcal.  I  think  no  IcCs.  Good  morrow  to  your  Lord- 
fhip.  \_Exit  Angelo. 

Now,  Sir,  come  on  :  what  was  done  to  Elbow's  wife, 
once  more? 

Clown* 


530     Measure/^  Measure. 

Clown.  Once,  Sir  ?  there  was  nothing  done  to  her 
once. 

Elb.  I  befeech  you,  Sir,  ask  him  what  this  man  did 
to  my  wife. 

Clown.  I  befeech  your  Honour,  ask  me. 

EfcaL  Well,  Sir,  what  did  this  gentleman  to  her  ? 

Clown.  1  befeech  you,  Sir,  look  in  this  gentleman's 
face  j  good  maffcer  Frothy  look  upon  his  Honour ;  'tis 
for  a  good  purpofe  \  doth  your  Honour  mark  his  face  ? 

EfcaL  Ay,  Sir,  very  well. 

Clown.  Nay,  I  befeech  you,  mark  it  well. 

EfcaL  Well,  I  do  fo. 

Clown.  Doth  your  Honour  fee  any  harm  in  his  face  ? 

EfcaL  Why,  no. 

Clown.  Fli  be  fuppos'd  upon  a  book,  his  face  is  the 
worft  thing  about  him :  good  then  j  if  his  face  be  the 
worft  thing  about  him,  how  could  mailer  Froth  do  .the 
conftable's  wife  any  harm  ?  I  would  know  that  of  your 
Honour. 

EfcaL  He's  in  the  right  j  conftablc,  what  fay  you 
to  it? 

Elb.  Firft,  an  it  like  you,  the  houfe  is  a  refpected 
honfe>  next,  this  is  a  refpe&ed  fellow  5  and  his  mif* 
trefs  is  a  refpefted  woman. 

Clown.  By  this  hand,  Sir,  his  wife  is  a  more  refpec^ 
ted  perfon  than  any  of  us  all. 

Elb.  Varlet,  thou  lieftj  thou  lieft,  wicked  varlet; 
the  time  is  yet  to  come,  that  fhe  was  ever  refpe£ked 
with  man,  woman,  or  child. 

Clown.  Sir,  ihe  was  refpe&ed  with  him  before  he 
marry'd  with  her. 

EfcaL  Which  is  the  wifer  \\w\Juflicer  ox  Iniquity?--', 
Is  this  true? 

Elb.  O  thou  caitiff!  O  thou  varlet !  O  thou  wicked 
Hannibal!  I  refpe&ed  with  her,  before  I  was  marry'd 
to  her?  If  ever  I  was  refpe&ed  with  her,  or  me  with 
me,  let  not  your  Worfliip  think  me  the  poor  Duke's 
officer  ;  prove  this,  thou  wicked  Hannibal^  or  I'll  have 
mine  aftion  of  battery  on  thee. 

EfcaL  If  he  took  you  a  box  cfth*  ear,  you  might  have 
your  a,cT:io,n  of  (lander  too,  £lb*. 


Me  a  s u  r  e  for  Measure,     331 

Elb.  Marry,  I  thank  your  good  Worfhip  for't:  what 
is't  your  Worship's  pleafure  I  fhall  do  with  this  wicked 
caitifF  ? 

EfeaL  Truly,  officer,  becaufe  he  hath  fome  offences 
in  him,  that  thou  wouldft  difcover  if  thou  couldft,  let 
him  continue  in  his  courfes,  'till  thou  know'ft  what 
they  are. 

Elb.  Marry,  I  thank  your  Worfhip  for  it*  thoufeeft, 
thou  wicked  varlet  now,  what's  come  upon  thee.  Thou 
art  to  continue  now,  thou  varlet  >  thou  art  to  con- 
tinue. 

Efcal.  Where  were  you  born,  friend  ?       [To  Froth. 

Froth.  Here  in  Vienna^  Sir. 

Efcal.  Are.  you  offourfcore  pounds  a  year? 

Froth.  Yes,  and't  pleafe  you,  Sir. 

Efcal.  So.  What  trade  are  you  of,  Sir? 

[fto  the  Clown. 

Clown.  A  tapfter,  a  poor  widow's  tapfter. 

Efcal.  Your  miftrefs's  name  ? 

Clown.  Miftrefs  Over-don. 

Efcal.  Hath  fhe  had  any  more  than  one  husband? 

Clown.  Nine,  Sir:  Over-don  by  the  laft. 

Efcal.  Nine?  Come  hither  to  me,  mailer  Froth :  m af- 
ter Frothy  I  would  not  have  you  acquainted  with  tap- 
fters  ;  they  will  draw  you,  mailer  Frothy  and  you  will 
hang  them.  Get  you  gone,  and  let  me  hear  no  more 
pf  you. 

Froth.  I  thank  your  Worfhip  ;  for  mine  own  part, 
I  never  come  into  any  room  in  a  taphoufe,  but  I  am 
drawn  in. 

Efcal.  Well  y  no  more  of  it,  mailer  Froth-,   farewel. 

[Exit  Froth. 
Come  you  hither  to  me,  mafter  tapfter  $  what's  your 
name,  mafter  tapfter  ? 

Clown.  Pompey. 

Efcal,  Whatelfe? 

Clown.  Bum^  Sir. 

Efcal.  Troth,  and  your  bum  is  the  greateft  thing  a- 
bout  you,  fo  that,  in  the  beaftlieft  fenfe^  you  are  Pom- 
fey  the  Qreat.    Pompeyr  you  are  partly  a  bawd,   Pom- 
pey 5, 


5ji     Measure  for  Measure. 

pey\  howfoever'  you  colour  it  in  being  a  tapfter*  arc 
you  not  ?  come,  tell  me  true,  it  mail  be  the  better  for 
you. 

Clown,  Truly,  Sir,  I  am  a  poor  fellow  that  would 
live. 

Efcal.  How  would  you  live,  Pompey?  by  being  a 
bawd  ?  what  do  you  think  of  the  trade,  Pompey  ?  is  it 
a  lawful  trade  ? 
Clown,  If  the  law  will  allow  it,  Sir. 
Efcal.  But  the  law  will  not  allow  it,  Pompey ;  nor  it 
fhall  not  be  allowed  in  Vienna, 

Clown,  Does  your  Worfliip  mean  to  geld  and  fplay 
all  the  youth  in  the  city  ? 
Efcal,  No,  Pompey, 

Clown.  Truly,  Sir,  in  my  poor  opinion,  they  will 
to't  then.  If  your  Worfhip  will  take:  order  for  the 
drabs  and  the  knaves,  you  need  not  to  fear  the  bawds. 

Efcal,  There  are  pretty  orders  beginning,  I  can  tell 
you  :   it  is  but  heading  and  hanging. 

Clown.  If  you  head  and  hang  all  that  offend  that  way 
but  for  ten  years  together,  you'll  be  glad  to  give  out  a 
Commiflion  for  more  heads:  if  this  law  hold  in  Vienna 
ten  years,  (8)  I'll  rent  the  faired  houfe  in  it,  after  three 
pence  a  Bay :  if  you  live  to  fee  this  come  to  pafs,  fay, 
Pompey  told  you  lb.     _ 

•    EfeaL 

(8)  77/  rent  the  fair  eft  houfe  in  it,  after  three  pence  a  Day.]  This 
Reading  firft  got  place  in  Mr.  Pope's  Impreffion,  who,  I  prefume,  did 
not  know  how  to  account  for,  Bay,  the  Reading  of  the  old  Copies;  and 
which  I  have  reftor'd  to  the  Text. .  For  my  part,  I  believe,  our  Poet  had 
no  Notion  of  reducing  Houfe-rent  to  a  Proportion  by  the  Day.  The 
Meaning  is  this.  The  Fafhion  of  Buildings,  in  our  Author's  time,  was 
$o  have  two  or  three  femi-circular  jutting  s  out  in  Front,  (which  we  ftill  fee 
in  the  Remains  of  old  Houfes,)  where  the  Windows  were  plac'd;  And 
thefe  Projections  were  calfd  Bays ;  as  the  Windows  were,  from  them^ 
caird  Bay-  nvindoivs,  or  Compafs-ivindoivs :  the  laft  of  which  Terms  we 
meet  with  in  our  Author's  Troi/us  and  Creffida. 

She  c*me  to  him  t'other  day  into  the  Compafs- window. 

Minjhenv  tells  us,  the  Reafon  of  the  Name  being  given  was,  becaufe 
this  Form  of  Building  refembled  a  Bay,  or  Road  for  Ships,  which  is 
always  round,  and  bow-ing,  to  break  off  the  Force  of  the  Water.  «■ 
So  that,  Houfes,  as  I  laid,  having  not  above  two  or  three  of  thefe  Juttings 
out,  the  Clown  fays,  "  the  Houfes  won't  be  worth  above  three  pence  * 

I'  Bajfn. 


v. 


Measure/^  Measure,     335 

JEfcal.  Thank  you,  good  Pompey,  and,  in  requital  of 
your  prophecy,  hark  you>  I  advife  you,  let  me  noc 
find  you  before  me  again  upon  any  complaint  what- 
foeverj  no,  not  for  dwelling  where  you  do:  if  I  do, 
Pompeyy  I  fhall  beat  you  to  your  tent,  and  prove  a 
fhrewd  Cafar  to  you  :  in  plain  dealing,  Pompey,  I  fhall 
have  you  whipt :  fo  for  this  time,  Pompey,  fare  you 
well.  ' 

Clown.  I  thank  your  Wormip  for  your  good  counfel; 
but  I  fhall  follow  it,  as  the  flefh  and  fortune  fhall  bet- 
ter determine. 

Whip  me?  no,  noj  let  carman  whip  his  jadej 
The  valiant  heart's  not  whipt  out  of  his  trade.     [Exit. 

Efcal.  Come  hither  to  me,  mailer  Elbow ;  come  hi- 
ther, mailer  conftable$  how  long  have  you  been  in  this 
place  of  conftable? 

klb.  Seven  year  and  a  half,   Sir. 

Efcal.  I  thought,  by  your  readinefs  in  the  office,  you 
had  continued  in  it  fome  time :  you  fay,  feven  years 
together  ? 

Elb.  And  a  half,  Sir. 

Efcal.  Alas !  it  hath  been  great  pains  to  you ;  they 
do  you  wrong  to  put  you  fo  oft  upon't :  are  there  not 
men  in  your  ward  fufficient  to  ferve  it  ? 

Elb.  Faith,  Sir,  few  of  any  wit  in  fuch  matters ;  as 
they  are  chofen,  they  are  glad  to  chufe  me  for  them. 
I  do  it  for  fome  piece  of  money,  and  go  through 
with  all. 

Efcal.  Look  you,  bring  me  in  the  names  of  fome  fix 
or  feven,  the  moft  fufficient  of  your  pariih. 

Elb.  To  your  Worship's  houfe,  Sir? 

Efcal.  To  my  houfe  \  fare  you  well.  What's  a  clock, 
think  you?  [Exit  Elbow. 

Jufi.  Eleven,  Sir. 

Efcal.  I  pray  you,  home  to  dinner  with  me. 

"  Bay  ",  i.  e.  Nine  pence  per  Year  at  the  largeft  Computation.     I  had. 

almoit  forgot  to  obferve,  that  Chaucer  mentions   a  Bay-window  in 

Jbis  Court  of  Love. 

And  there  beftde,  nvithin  a  bay-windowe, 

8  tod  one  in  gre?ie,full  large  of  bred  and  length,  &c. 

Jufi. 


3  j4     Me  a  sure  for  Mfe  A-stiHE* 

Juft.  I  humbly  thank  you. 

Efial.  It  grieves  me  for  the  death  of  Claudio: 
But  there's  no  remedy. 

Juft.  Lord  Angelo  is  fevere. 

Efcal.  It  is  but  needful  : 
Mercy  is  not  it  felf,  that  oft  looks  fo; 
Pardon  is  ftill  the  nurfe  of  fecond  woe  : 
But  yet,  poor  Claudio !  there's  no  remedy. 
Come,  Sir.  \EmunU 

Enter  Provoft,  and  a  Servant. 

Serv.  He's  hearing  of  a  Caufe  >  he  will  come  ftraight : 
I'll  tell  him  of  you. 

Prov.  Pray  you,  do  *  I'll  knovf 
His  pleafure  *  may  be,  he'll  relent ;  alas  ! 
He  hath  but  as  offended  in  a  dream : 
All  fe£b,  all  ages  fmack  of  this  vice  *  and  he 
To  die  for  it ! 

Enter  Angelo. 

Ang.  Now,  what's  the  matter*  Provoft? 

Prov.  Is  it  your  Will,  Claudio  fhall  die  to  morrow? 

Ang.  Did  not  I  tell  thee,  yea?  hadft  thou  not  order? 
Why  doft  thou  ask  again? 

Prov.  Left  I  might  be  too  rafh. 
Under  your  good  correction,  I  have  feeri, 
When,  after  execution,  judgment  hath 
Repented  o'er  his  doom. 

Ang.  Go  to ;  let  that  be  mine, 
Do  you  your  office,  or  give  up  your  place, 
And  you  {hall  well  be  fpar'd. 

Prov.  I  crave  your  pardon. 
What  lhall  be  done,  Sir*  with  the  groaning  Juliet  t 
She's  very  near  her  hour. 

Ang.  Difpofe  of  her 
To  fome  more  fitting  place,  and  that  with  fpeed. 

Serv.  Here  is  the  filter  of  the  man  condemn'd, 
Defires  accefs  to  you. 

Ang,  Hath  he  a  fifter? 

Pron). 


Measure/^  Measure.     535 

Prov.  Ay,  my  good  lord,  a  very  virtuous  maid, 
And  to  be  fhortly  of  a  fifter-hood, 
If  not  already. 

Ang.  Well*  let  her  be  admitted.  [Exit  Servant. 

See  you,  the  fdrnicatrefs  be  remov'd  5 
Let  her  have  needful,  but  not  lavifh,   means  > 
There  mall  be  order  for  it. 

Enter  Lucio  and  Ifabella. 

Prov.  'Save  your  Honour. 

Ang,  Stay  yet  a  while.  —  Y'are  welcome;  what*$ 
yourWill  ? 

Ifab.  I  am  a  woful  fuitor  to  your  Honour, 
Pleafe  but  your  Honour  hear  me. 

Ang.  Well;  what's  your  fuit? 

Ifab.  There  is  a  vice  that  moft  I  do  abhor, 
And  moft  defire  mould  meet  the  blow  of  juftrce  j 
For  which  I  would  not  plead,  but  that  I  muftj 
For  which  I  muft  not  plead,  but  that  I  am 
At  war,  'twixt  will,  and  will  not. 

Ang.  Well  j  the  matter? 

Ifab.  I  have  a  brother  is  condemn'd  to  die  j 
I  do  befeech  you,  let  it  be  his  fault, 
And  not  my  brother. 

Prov.  Heav'n  give  thee  moving  graces ! 

Ang.  Condemn  the  fault,  and  not  the  actor  of  it? 
Why,  every  fault's  condemn'd,  ere  it  be  done} 
Mine  were  the  very  cipher  of  a  fun&ion, 
To  find  the  faults,  whofe  fine  (lands  in  record, 
And  let  go  by  the  a£tor. 

Ifab.  O  juft,  but  fevere  law ! 
I  had  a  brother  then }  —  heav'n  keep  your  Honour  X 

Lucio.  Give  not  o'er  fo :  to  him  again,,  intreat  him, 
Kneel  down  before  him,  hang  upon  his  gown  j 
You  are  too  cold }  if  you  mould  need  a  pin, 
You  could  not  with  more  tame  a  tongue  defire  if. 
To  him,  I  fay. 

Ifab.  Muft  he  needs  die  ? 

Ang.  Maiden,  no  remedy, 

Ifab, 


33$     Measure  for  Measure. 

Ifab.  Yes  j  I  do  think,  that  you  might  pardon  him  5 
And  neither  heav'n,  nor  man,  grieve  at  the  mercy. 

Ang.  I  will  not  do't. 

Ifab.  But  can  you  if  you  would  ? 

Ang.  Look,  what  I  will  not,  that  I  cannot  do. 

Ifab.  But  might  you  do't,  and  do  the  world  no  wrong, 
If  fo  your  heart  were  touch'd  with  that  remorfe, 
As  mine  is  to  him  ? 

Ang.  He's  fentene'd  5  'tis  too  late. 

Luck.  You  are  too  cold* 

lfab.  Too  late?  why,  no  5  I,  that  do  fpeak  a  word, 
May  call  it  back  again :  Well  believe  this,  (9) 
No  ceremony  that  to  Great  ones  'longs, 
Not  the  King's  crown,  nor  the  deputed  fword, 
The  marfhal's  truncheon,  nor  the  judge's  robe, 
Become  them  with  one  half  fo  good  a  grace, 
As  mercy  does :  if  he  had  been  as  you, 
And  you  as  he,  you  would  have  flipt  like  him  5 
But  he,  like  you,  would  not  have  been  fo  ftern. 

Ang.  Pray  you,  be  gone. 

Ifab.  I  wou'd  to  heav'n  I  had  your  Potency, 
And  you  were  Ifabel,  mould  it  then  be  thus? 
No  \  I  would  tell  what  'twere  to  be  a  judge, 
And  what  a  prifoner. 

Lucio.  Ay,  touch  him  -,  there's  the  vein. 

(9)  Well,  believe  this,"]  This  manner  of  Pointing,  which  runs  thro* 
all  the  Copies,  gives  an  Air  of  Addrefs  too  familiar  for  an  Inferior  to 
life  to  a  Perfon  of  Diftinction.  But  taking  away  the  Comma  after,  Well, 
not  only  removes  the  Objection,  but  reftores  a  Mode  of  Pxpreffion, 
which  our  Author  delights  to  ufe.  Well  believe  this ;  i.  e.  Beconvinc'd, 
be  throughly  affur'd  of  this. 

So,  afterwards,  in  this  Play,  Angela  fays ', 

/  think  it  well. 
So,  Gonzalo,  in  the  Tempejl. 

I  do  well  believe  your  Highnefs,  ■ 

And  fo,  in  King  John ; 

And  well  Jhall  you  perceive 


So  one  of  the  Gentlemen  in  the  opening  Scene  of  Cymbelinei 

I  do  well  believe. 
And  fo  Pifanio,  in  the  fame  Play; 

—  You  Jhall  be  mifsd  at  Court', 

And  that  will  well  confirm  it. 

Ang. 


Measure  for  Measure*      337 

Ang.  Your  brother  is  a  forfeit  of  the  law, 
And  you  but  wafte  your  words. 

I  fab.  Alas!  alas! 
Why,  all  the  fouls  that  were,  were  forfeit  once  3 
And  he,  that  might  the  'vantage  beft  have  took, 
Found  out  the  remedy.     How  would  you  be, 
If  he,  which  is  the  top  of  Judgment,  fhould 
But  judge  you,  as  you  are?  oh,  think  on  that; 
And  mercy  then  will  breathe  within  your  lips, 
Like  man  new  made. 

Ang.  Be  you  content,  fair  maid  5 
It  is  the  Law,  not  I,  condemns  your  brother. 
Were  he  my  kinfman,  brother,  or  my  fon, 
It  fhould  be  thus  with  him  \  he  dies  to  morrow. 

Ifab.  To  morrow?   oh!  that's  fudden.     Spare  him, 
fpare  him. 
He's  not  prepar'd  for  death :  Even  for  our  kitchins 
We  kill  the  fowl,  of  feafon ;  Ihall  we  ferve  heav'n 
With  lefs  refpecT:,  than  we  do  minifter 
To  our  grofs  felvcs  ?  good,  good  my  lord,  bethink  you : 
Who  is  it,  that  hath  dy'd  for  this  offence? 
There's  many  have  committed  it. 

Lucio.  Ay,  well  faid. 

Ang.  The  Law  hath  not  been  dead,  tho'  it  hath  flept : 
Thofe  many  had  not  dar'd  to  do  that  evil, 
If  the  firfb  man,  that  did  th' Edict  infringe, 
Had  anfwer'd  for  his  deed.     Now,  'tis  awake ; 
Takes  note  of  what  is  done ;  and,  like  a  Prophet, 
Looks  in  a  glafs  that  fhews  what  future  evils, 
Or  new,  or  by  remifsnefs  new  conceiv'd, 
And  fo  in  progrefs  to  be  hatch'd  and  born, 
Are  now  to  have  no  fucceffive  degrees 5 
But  here  they  live,  to  end. 

Ifab.  Yet  fhew  fome  pity. 

Ang.  I  fhew  it  mod  of  all,  when  I  fhew  jufticej 
For  then  I  pity  thofe,  I  do  not  know  5 
Which  a  difmifs'd  offence  would  after  gaulj 
And  do  him  right,  that,  anfwering-one  foul  wrong. 
Lives  not  to  a£t  another.     Be  fatisfy'd ; 
Your  brother  dies  to  morrow  5  be  content. 

Vol.  I.  Z  Ifib. 


338     Measure  /^  Measure. 

If  ah.  So  you  mufVbe  the  firft,  that  gives  this  fen- 
tence  3 
And  he,  that  fuffers:  oh,  'tis  excellent 
To  have  a  Giant's  ftrength}  but  it  is  tyrannnous, 
To  ufe  it  like  a  Giant. 

Lucio.  That's  well  faid. 

Ifab.  Could  Great  men  thunder 
As  Jove  himfelf  does,  Jove  would  ne'er  be  quiet  > 
For  every  pelting,  petty,  officer 
Would  ufe  his  heav  n  for  thunder  ; 
Nothing  but  thunder:  merciful  heav'n! 
Thou  rather  with  thy  {harp,  and  fulph'rous,  bok 
Split'ft  the  unwcdgeable  and  gnarled  oak, 
Than  the  foft  myrtle :  O,  but  man !  proud  man, 
Dreft  in  a  little  brief  authority, 
Moll:  ignorant  of  what  he's  moll:  aflur'd, 
His  glaiTy  elTence,   like  an  angry  ape, 
Plays  fuch  fantaftick  tricks  before  high  heav'n, 
As  makes  the  angels  weep  $  who,  with  our  fpleens,  (ia) 
Would  all  themfelves  laugh  mortal. 

Lucio.  Oh,  to  him,  to  him,  Wench  5  he  will  relent  > 
He's  coming:  I  perceive't. 

Prov.  Pray  heav'n,  me  win  him! 

Ifab.  We  cannot  weigh  our  brother  with  your  felf:  (11} 
Great  men  may  jeft  with  Saints  -9  'tis  wit  in  them  , 
But,  in  the  lefs,  foul  prophanation. 

fio)  As  makes  the  Angels  weep  ;  ivbo,  with  our   fpleens, 

Wsuld  all  themj elves  laugh  mortal.]  Men  play  fuch  fantaftick 
Tricks,  and  appear  fo  ridiculous,  as  to  make  the  Angels  weep  in  Com- 
panion of  our  Extravagance;  who,  if  they  were  endued  with  our  Spleens 
and  perifhable  Organs,  would  laugh  themfelves  out  of  Immortality  ;  or, 
as  we  fay   in  common  Life,   laugh  themfelves  dead.     This  Notion  of 

the  Angels  weeping  for  the  Sins  of  Men  is  purely   Rabbinical.  Oh 

peccatum  jlentes  Angelos  inducunt  Hebrasorum   Magijlri.  <  Grotius  ad 

S.  Lucam,  c.  15.  v.  7. 

(u)  We  cannot  weigh  our  Brother  with  our  felf. J  Why  not?  Thor 
this  fhould  be  the  Reading  of  all  the  Copies,  'tis  as  plain  as  Light,  it  is 
not  the  Author's  Meaning.  Ifabella  would  fay,  there  is  fo  great  a  Dif- 
proportion  in  Quality  betwixt  Lord  Angela  and  her  Brother,  that  their 
Aclions  can  bear  no  Comparifon,  or  Equality,  together  :  but  her  Bro- 
ther's Crimes  would  be  aggravated,  Angclo\  Frailties  extenuated,  from 
the  Difference  oi  their  Degrees  and  State  of  Life.  Mr.  Warburton. 

Lurit. 


Measure^  Measure,      )$? 

Lucio.  Thou'rt  right,  girl;  more  o'  that. 

Ifab.  That  in  the  Captain's  but  a  cholerick  word, 
Which  in  the  Soldier  is  flat  Blafphemy. 

Lucio.  Art  avis'd  o'  that  ?  more  on't. 

Ang.  Why  do  you  put  thefe  fayings  upon  me? 

Ifab.  Becaufe  authority,  tho*  it  err  like  others, 
Hath  yet  a  kind  of  medicine  in  it  felf, 
That  skins  the  vice  o'  th'  top :  go  to  your  bofom ; 
Knock  there,  and  ask  your  heart,  what  it  doth  know 
That's  like  my  brother's  fault ;  if  it  confefs 
A  natural  guiltinefs,  fuch  as  is  his, 
Let  it  not  found  a  thought  upon  your  tongue 
Againft  my  brother's  life. 

Ang.  She  fpeaks,  and  'tis  fuch  fenfc, 
That  my  fenfe  breeds  with  it.    Fare  you  well. 

Ifab.  Gentle,  my  lord,  turn  back. 

Ang.  I  will  bethink  me  :  come  again  to  morrow. 

Ifab.  Hark,  how  I'll  bribe  you :  good  my  lord,  turn 
back. 

Ang.  How  ?  bribe  me  ? 

Ifab.  Ay,    with  fuch  gifts,    that  heav'n  ihall  fharc 
with  you. 

Lucio.  You  had  marr'd  all.  elfe. 

Ifab.  Not  with  fond  ihekles  of  the  tefted  gold, 
Or  ftones,  whofe  rate  are  either  rich,  or  poor, 
As  fancy  values  them  ;  but  with  true  prayers, 
That  mall  be  up  at  heav'n^  and  enter  there, 
Ere  fun-rife :  prayers  from  preferved  fouls, 
From  fading  maids,  whofe  minds  are  dedicate 
To  nothing  temporal. 

Ang.  Well;  come  to  morrow. 

Lucio.  Go  to  ;  'tis  well;  away. 

Ifab.  Heav'n  keep  your  Honour  fafe  ! 

Ang.  Amen  : 
For  I  am  that  way  goifng  to  temptation, 
Where  prayers  crofs. 

Ifab.   At  what  hour  to  morrow 
Shall  I  attend  your  lordihip  ? 

Ang.  At  any  time  'fore  noon. 

Ifab.  Save  your  Honour !     [Exe,  Lucio  #»</ Ifabella. 

Z  2.  Ang. 


3 4o     Measure/^  Measure* 

Ang.  From  thee  *,  even  from  thy  virtue. 
What's  this?  what's  this?  is  this  her  faulty  or  mine? 
The  tempter,  or  the  tempted,  who  fins  moft  ? 
Not  fhe  *,  nor  doth  fhe  tempt  j  but  it  is  I, 
That,  lying  by  the  violet  in  the  fun, 
Do,  as  the  carrion  does,  not  as  the  flower, 
Corrupt  with  virtuous  feafon.    Can  it  be, 
That  modefty  may  more  betray  our  fenfe, 
Than  woman's  lightnefs  ?  having  wafte  ground  enough, 
Shall  we  defire  to  raze  the  fanftuary, 
And  pitch  our  evils  there  ?  oh,  fie,  fie,   fie ! 
What  doft  thou  ?  or  what  art  thou,  Angelo  ? 
Doft  thou  defire  her  foully,  for  thofe  things 
That  make  her  good?  Oh,  let  her  brother  live: 
Thieves  for  their  robbery  have  authority, 
When  judges  fteal  themfelvcs.  What?  do  I  love  her, 
That  I  defire  to  hear  her  fpeak  again, 
And  feaft  upon  her  eyes?  what  is't  I  dream  on? 
Oh,  cunning  Enemy,  that  to  catch  a  Saint, 
With  Saints  doft  bait  thy  hook !  moft  dangerous 
Is  that  temptation,  that  doth  goad  us  on 
To  fin  in  loving  virtue :  ne'er  could  the  ftrumpet, 
With  all  her  double  vigour,  art  and  nature, 
Once  ftir  my  temper  -y  but  this  virtuous  maid 
Subdues  me  quite:  Ever  'till  this  very  Now, 
When  men  were  fond,    I  fmil'd*  and  wonder'd  how. 

\_Exit. 

SCENE  changes  to  a  *Prifon. 

Enter  Duke  habited  like  a  Friar  ^  and  Provoft. 

Duke.  TT  AIL  to  you,  Provoft ;  fo,  I  think,  you  are. 
JtjL     Prov.  I  am  the  Provoft-,  what's  your  Will, 
good  Friar? 
Duke.  Bound  by  my  charity,  and  my  bleft  Order, 
I  come  to  vifit  the  afflicted  fpirits 
Here  in  the  prifon;  do  me  the  common  right 
To  let  me  fee  them,  and  to  make  me  know 
1  he  nature  of  their  crimes  3  that  I  may  miniftcr 
To  them  accordingly. 

Fro  v. 


I  Measure/^  Measure,     541 

Prov.    I  would  do  more  than  that,   if  more  were 
needful. 

Enter  Juliet. 

Look,  here  comes  one ;  a  gentlewoman  of  mine, 
Who  falling  in  the  flaws  of  her  own  youth,  (12) 
Hath  blifter'd  her  report :  {he  is  with  child  *, 
And  he,  that  got  it,  fentene'd  :  a  young  man 
More  fit  to  do  another  fuch  offence, 
Than  die  for  this. 

Duke,  When  muft  he  die  ? 

Prov.  As  I  do  think,  to  morrow. 
I  have  provided  for  you  -9  flay  a  while,  [X°  Juliet. 

And  you  fhall  be  conducted. 

Duke.  Repent  you,  fair  one,  of  the  fin  you  carry  ? 

Juliet.  I  do;  and  bear  the  fhame  moft  patiently. 

Duke.   I'll  teach  you,  how  you  fhall  arraign   your 
confeience, 
And  try  your  penitence,  if  it  be  found, 
Or  hollowly  put  on. 

Juliet.  I'll  gladly  learn. 

Duke.  Love  you  the  man  that  wrqqg'd  you? 

Juliet.  Yes,  as  I  love  the  woman  that  wrong'd  him- 

Duke.  So  then,  it  feems,  your  moft  ofFenceful  A& 
Was  mutually  committed. 

Juliet.  Mutually. 

Duke.  Then  was  your  fin  of  heavier  kind  than  his. 

(12)  Who  falling  in  the  Flaws  of  her  own  Youth, 

Hath  blifter'd  her  Report.']  As,  blifterd,  follows  in  the  feconi 
Line,  Mr.  Warhurton  ingenioufly  advifes  to  read  Flames  in  the  firjl* 
And  it  is  the  Metaphor  our  Author  elfewhere  chsofes  to  ufe.  So  P»h- 
nius  in  Hamlet. 

m  >•» — •  /  do  Ano<w, 

When  the  blood  burns,  honx>  prodigal  the  Soul 
Lends  the  Tongue  Vows.     Thefe  Blazes,  oh,  my  daughter,  &c. 
And  fo  the  Countefs,  in  AlTs  Well  that  ends  Well. 
Nafral  Rebellion,  done  ttW  Blaze  of  Youth, 
When  Oyl  and  Fire,  too  ft  rang  for  Reafons  force, 
Overbears  it,  and  burns  on, 
And  fo  Profpero,  in  The  Tempeft ; 

'"*                'do  not  give  Dalliance 
Too  much  the  rein  ;  the  ftrongejt  Oaths  are  Straw 
To'tfr  Fire  i'th' blood: 

Li**  Z  3  Juliet, 


$4*     Measure  for  Measure. 

Juliet.  I  do  confefs  it,  and  repent  it,  father. 

Duke,  'Tis  meet  fo,  daughter}  but  repent  you  not, 
As  that  the  fin  hath  brought  you  to  this  fhame? 
Which  forrow's  always  tow'rds  our  felves,  not  heaven j 
Showing  we'd  not  feek  heaven,  as  we  love  it, 
JBut  as  we  ftand  in  fear. 

Juliet.  I  do  repent  me,  as  it  is  an  evil  j 
And  take  the  fhame  with  joy. 

Duke.  There  reft, 
Your  partner,  as  1  hear,  muft  die  to  morrow, 
And  I  am  going  with  inftru&ion  to  him  $ 
So  grace  go  with  you ;  benedicite.  [Exit, 

Juliet,  Muft  die  to  morrow !  oh,  injurious  love, 
That  refpites  me  a  life,  whofe  very  comfort 
Is  ftill  a  dying  horror! 

Prov.  'Tis  pity  of  him.  [Exeunt, 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Pa  l  a  c  e. 

Enter  Angejo. 

ry*^.\17HEN  I  would  pray  and  think,   I   think 

VV  and  pray 

To  fev'ral  fubje&s :  heav'n  hath  my  empty  words, 
Whilft  my  invention,  hearing  not  my  tongue, 
Anchors  on  Ifabel:  HeavVs  in  my  mouth, 
As  if  I  did  but  only  chew  its  name  j 
j^nd  in  my  heart  the  ftrong  and  fwelling  evil 
Of  my  conception ;  the  {late,  whereon  1  ftudied, 
Is  like  a  good  thing,  being  often  read, 
Grown  fear'd  and  tedious  $  yea,  my  gravity, 
Wherein  (let  no  man  hear  me)  I  take  pride, 
Could  I  with  boot  change  for  an  idle  plume 
Which  the  air  beats  for  vain,     Oh  Place!  oh  Form! 
How  often  doft  thou  with  thy  cafe,  thy  habit, 
Wrench  awe  from  fools,  and  tie  the  wifer  fouls 
To  thy  falfe  fecming?  blood,  thou  art  but  blood; 
Let's  write  good  Angel  on  the  Devil's  horn> 
Tis  not  the  devil's  c\'d\. 

Enter 


Measure  for  Measure.     345 

Enter  Servant. 

How  now,  who's  there? — 

Serv.  One  Ifabel^  a  fifter,  defires  accefs  to  you. 

Ang.  Teach  her  the  way.     Oh  heav'ns! 
Why  does  my  blood  thus  mufter  to  my  heart, 
Making  both  That  unable  for  it  felf, 
And  difpofleffing  all  my  other  parts 
Of  neceflary  flcnefs? 

So  play  the  foolifh  throngs  with  one  that  fwoons  -9 
Come  all  to  help  him,  and  fo  Hop  the  air 
By  which  he  fliould  revive :  and  even  fo 
The  gen'ral  Subjects  to  a  well-wiiht  King 
Quit  their  own  part,  and  in  obfequious  fondnefs 
Crowd  to  his  prefence,  where  their  untaught  love 
Muft  needs  appear  offence.     How  now,  fair  maid? 

Enter  Ifabella. 

Ifab.  I  am  come  to  know  your  pleafure. 

Ang.  That  you  might  know  it,  would  much  better 
pleafe  me, 
Than  to  demand,  what  'tis.    Your  brother  cannot  live. 

Ifab.  Ev'n  fo?- —  Heav'n  keep  your  Honour!  [Going* 

Ang.  Yet  may  he  live  awhile  •,  and,  it  may  be, 
As  long  as  you  or  I  j  yet  he  muft  die. 

Ifab.  Under  your  Sentence  ? 

Ang.  Yea. 

Ifab.  When,  I  befeech  you?  that  in  his  reprieve, 
Longer  or  fhorter,  he  may  be  fo  fitted, 
That  his  foul  ficken  not. 

Ang.  Ha  ?  fie,  thefe  filthy  vices !  'twere  as  good 
To  pardon  him,  that  hath  from  nature  ftol'n 
A  man  already  made,  as  to  remit 
Their  fawcy  fweetnefs,  that  do  coin  heav'n's  image 
In  Stamps  that  are  forbid :  'tis  all  as  eafie, 
Falfely  to  take  away  a  life  true  made  j 
As  to  put  Metal  in  reftrained  means, 
To  make  a  falfe  one. 

Ifab.  'Tis  fet  down  fo  in  heav'n,  but  not  in  earth. 

Ang.  And  fay  youfo?  then  I  {hall  po?x  you  quickly. 

Z  4  Whicb 


■j 44      M  E.A  s  u re  y^r  M E  A s ur eJ 

Which  had  you  rather,  that  the  moft  juft  law 
Now  took  your  brother's  life  -,  or,  to  redeem  him, 
Give  up  your  body  to  fuch  fweet  uncleannefs, 
As  fhe,  that  he  hath  ftain'd  ? 

I  fab.  Sir,  believe  this, 
I  had  rather  give  my  body  than  my  foul. 

Ang.  I  talk  not  of  your  foul  j  our  compell'd  fins 
5tand  more  for  number  than  accompt. 
Ifab.  How  fay  you? 

Ang,  Nay,  I'll  not  warrant  that  5  for  I  can  fpeak 
Againft  the  thing  I  fay.     Anfwer  to  this; 
I,  now  the  voice  of  the  recorded  law, 
Pronounce  a  Sentence  on  your  brother's  life: 
Might  there  not  be  a  charity  in  fin, 
To  fave  this  brother's  life  ? 
Ifab,  Pleafe  you  to  do't, 
I'll  take  it  as  a  peril  to  my  foul, 
It  is  no  fin  at  all,  but  charity. 

Ang.  Pleas'd  you  to  do't  at  peril  of  your  foul, 
Were  equal  poize  of  (in  and  charity. 

Ifab.  That  I  do  beg  his  life,  if  it  be  fin, 
Heav'n,  let  me  bear  it !   you,  granting  my  fuif, 
If  that  he  fin,  I'll  make  it  my  morn-pray'r 
To  have  it  added  to  the  faults  of  mine. 
And  nothing  of  your  anfwer. 

Ang.  Nay,  but  hear  me  : 
Your  fenfe  purfues  not  mine:  either,  you're  ignorant j 
Or  feem  fo,  craftily  >  and  that's  not  good. 

Ifab.  Let  me  be  ignorant,  and  in  nothing  good, 
But  gracioufly  to  know  I  am  no  better. 

Ang-  Thus  Wifdom  wifhes  to  appear  moft  bright, 
When  it  doth  tax  it  felf:  as  thefe  black  mafques 
Proclaim  an  en-fhield  beauty  ten  times  louder, 
Than  beauty  could  difplay'd.     But  mark  me, 
To  be  received  plain,  I'll  fpeak  more  grofs. 
Your  brother  is  to  die. 
Ifab.  So. 

Ang.  And  his  offence  is  fo,  as  it  appears 
Accountant  to  the  law  upon  that  pain, 
,   Ifab,  True, 

4»&< 


Measure/^  Measure,     345 

Jng.  Admit  no  other  way  to  fave  his  life, 
(As  I  fubfcribe  not  that,  nor  any  other, 
But  in  the  lofs  of  queftion,)  that  you  his  fifter, 
Finding  your  felf  defir'd  of  fuch  a  perfon, 
Whofe  credit  with  the  judge,  or  own  great  Place, 
Could  fetch  your  brother  from  the  manacles 
Of  the  all-holding  law ;  and  that  there  were 
No  earthly  mean  to  fave  him,  but  that  either 
You  muft  lay  down  the  treafures  of  your  body 
To  this  fuppos'd,  or  elfe  to  let  him  fuffer  $ 
What  would  you  do? 

Ifab.  As  much  for  my  poor  brother,  as  my  felf  j 
That  is,  were  I  under  the  terms  of  death, 
Th'impreffion  of  keen  whips  I'd  wear  as  rubies, 
And  ftrip  my  felf  to  death,  as  to  a  bed 
That  longing  I've  been  lick  for,  ere  I'd  yield 
My  body  up  to  ihame. 

Ang.  Then  muft  your  brother  die. 

Ifab.  And  'twere  the  cheaper  way  $ 
Better  it  were,  a  brother  dy'd  at  once; 
Than  that  a  fifter,  by  redeeming  him, 
Should  die  for  ever. 

Ang.  Were  not  you  then  as  cruel  as  the  Sentence, 
That  you  have  flander'd  fo  ? 

Ifab.  An  ignominious  ranfpm,  and  free  pardon, 
Are  of  two  houfesj  lawful  mercy,  fure, 
Is  nothing  kin  to  foul  redemption. 

Ang.  You  feem'd  of  late  to  make  the  law  a  tyrant, 
And  rather  prov'd  the  Aiding  of  your  brother 
A  merriment,  than  a  vice. 

Ifab.  Oh  pardon  me,  my  lord  5  it  oft  falls  out, 
To  have  what  we  would  have,  we  fpeak  not  what  wc 

mean: 
I  fomething  do  excufe  the  thing  I  hate, 
For  his  advantage  that  I  dearly  love. 

Ang.  We  are  all  frail. 

Ifab.  Elfe  let  my  brother  die,   (12) 

If 

(13)   Elfe  let  my  Brother  dye, 

If  not  a  Feodary,  but  only  He,  &c]  This  is  fo  obfcure  a  Paflago, 
^  but  fo  fine  in  its  Application,  that  it  deferves  to  be  explain'd.     A  Feo- 
dary 


3  4<£     Measure/^  Measure. 

If  not  a  feodary,  but  only  he, 
Owe,  and  fuccced  by  weaknefs! 

Ang.  Nay,  women  are  frail  too. 

lfab.  Ay,  as  the  glafles  where  they  view  themfelves  j 
Which  are  as  eafy  broke,  as  they  make  forms, 
Women!  help  heav'n*  men  their  creation  mar, 
In  profiting  by  them :  nay,  call  us  ten  times  frail  j 
For  we  are  fort  as  our  complexions  are, 
And  credulous  to  falfe  prints. 

Ang.  I  think  it  well; 
And  from  this  teftimony  of  your  own  fex, 
(Since,  I  fuppofe,  we're  made  to  be  no  ftronger, 
Than  faults  may  fhake  our  frames)  let  me  be  bold : 
I  do  arrefl:  your  words :  be  That  you  are, 
That  is,  a  woman  j  if  you're  more,  you're  none. 
If  you  be  one,  as  you  are  well  exprefs'd 
By  all  external  warrants,  fhew  it  now, 
By  putting  on  the  deftin'd  livery. 

Ifab.  I  have  no  tongue  but  one  5  gentle  my  lord, 
Let  me  intreat  you,  fpeak  the  former  language. 

Ang.  Plainly  conceive,  I  love  you. 

Ifab.  My  brother  did  love  Juliet; 
And  you  tell  me,  that  he  mail  die  for  it. 

Ang.  He  ihall  not,  Ifabel,  if  you  give  me  love. 

Ifab.  I  know,  your  virtue  hath  a  licence  in't, 
Which  fcems  a  little  fouler  than  it  is, 
To  pluck  on  others. 

Ang.  Believe  me,  on  mine  Honour, 
My  words  exprefs  my  purpofe. 

lfab.  Ha !  little  Honour  to  be  much  believ'd, 

dary  was  One,  that,  in  the  Times  of  Vaflalage,  held  Lands  of  the  chief 
Lord,  under  the  Tenure  of  paying  Rent  and  Service :  which  Tenures 
were  calPd  Feuda  amongft  the  Goths.  This  being  premifed,  let  us  come 
to  a  Paraphrafe  of  our  Author's  Words.  '*  We  are  all  frail,  fays  An- 
se  gelo;  yes,  replies  Ifabel/a;  if  all  Mankind  were  not  Feodaries,  who 
<l  owe  what  they  have  to  this  Tenure  of  Imbecillity,  and  who  fuccecd 
"  each  other  by  the  fame  Tenure,  as  well  as  my  Brother,  I  would  give 
"  him  up."  And  the  comparing  Mankind,  (who,  according  to  fome 
Divines,  lye  under  the  Weight  of  Original  Sin,)  to  a  Feodary,  who 
owes  Suit  and  Service  to  his  Lord,  is,  I  think,  one  of  the  molt  beauti- 
ful Allufions  imaginable. 

Mr.  Warburton. 

And 


Measure  /#r  Measure.     347 

And  tnoft  pernicious  purpofe !  feeming,  feeming  !-— 

I  will  proclaim  thee,  Angelo  5  look  for't  : 

Sign  me  a  prefent  Pardon  for  my  brother, 

Or,  with  an  out-ftretch'd  throat,  I'll  tell  the  world 

Aloud,  what  man  thou  art, 

Ang.  Who  will  believe  thee,  Ifabel? 
My  unfoil'd  Name,  th'  Aufterenefs  of  my  Life, 
My  Vouch  againft  you,  and  my  Place  i'th'  State, 
Will  fo  your  accufation  over-weigh, 
That  you  {hall  flifle  in  your  own  report, 
And  fmell  of  calumny.     I  have  begun  $ 
And  now  I  give  my  fenfual  race  the  rein. 
Fit  thy  confent  to  my  (harp  appetite, 
Lay  by  all  nicety,  and  prolixious  blumes, 
That  banifh  what  they  fue  for  ;  redeem  thy  brother 
By  yielding  up  thy  body  to  my  will  : 
Or  elfe  he  muft  not  only  die  the  death, 
But  thy  unkindnefs  fhall  his  death  draw  out 
To  ling'ring  fufferance.     Anfwer  me  to  morrow  5 
Or  by  th'affe&ion  that  now  guides  me  moft, 
I'll  prove  a  tyrant  to  him.     As  for  you, 
Say  what  you  can  5   my  falfe  o'erweighs  your  true, 

{Exit* 

Ifah.  To  whom  fhould  I  complain?  did  I  tell  this, 
Who  would  believe  me  ?  O  moft  perilous  mouths, 
That  bear  in  them  one  and  the  felf-fame  tongue, 
Either  of  condemnation  or  approof  j 
Bidding  the  Law  make  curtfie  to  their  Will ; 
Hooking  both  right  and  wrong  to  th'  appetite, 
To  follow,  as  it  draws.     I'll  to  my  brother. 
Tho'  he  hath  fall'n  by  prompture  of  the  blood, 
Yet  hath  he  in  him  fuch  a  mind  of  honour, 
That  had  he  twenty  heads  to  tender  down 
On  twenty  bloody  blocks,  he'd  yield  them  up  5 
Before  his  fifter  mould  her  body  ftoop 
To  fuch  abhorr'd  pollution. 
Then,  Ifabel^  live,  chafte  j  and,  brother,  die* 
More  than  our  brother  is  our  chaftity. 
I'll  tell  him  yet  of  Angelo 's  requeft  j 
And  fit  his  mind  to  death,  for  his  foul's  Reft.     {Exit. 

A  C  T 


3 
48     Measure  for  MsAsy&E. 

A    C    T      III. 

SCENE,      the    Prtfon. 
Ewter  Duke,  Claudio,  andVxovott.. 

D  u  K  E. 

SO,  then  you  hope  of  pardon  from  lord  Angelo  ? 
Claud,  The  miferable  have  no  other  medicine, 
But  only  Hope :  I've  hope  to  live,  and  am  pre- 
paid to  die. 
Duke.  Be  abfolute  for  death  :  or  death,  or  life, 
Shall  thereby  be  the  fweeter.  Reafon  thus  with  life  3  (14) 
If  I  do  lofe  thee,  I  do  lofe  a  thing, 
That  none  but  fools  would  reck ;  a  breath  thou  art, 
Servile  to  all  the  skiey  influences; 
That  doft  this  habitation,  where  thou  keep'ft, 
Hourly  afflict  3  meerly  thou  arc  death's  fool  ♦, 
For  him  thou  labour'fl  by  thy  flight  to  (hun, 
And  yet  runn'ft  tow'rd  him  ftill.    Thou  art  not  noble  5 
For  all  th'  accommodations,  that  thou  bear'ft, 
Are  nurs'd  by  bafenefs :  thou'rt  by  no  means  valiant  5 

(14.)  L 'Reafon  thus  <with  Life', 

If  I  do  lofe  thee,  I  do  lofe  a  Thing 

That  none  hut  Fools  would  keep.]  But  this  Reading  is  not  only 
contrary  to  all  Senfe  and  Reafon ;  but  to  the  Drift  of  this  moral  Dif- 
courfe.  The  Duke,  in  his  afium'd  Character  of  a  Friar,  is  endeavour- 
ing to  inftill  into  the  condemn1  d  Prifoner  a  Relignation  of  Mind  to  his 
Sentence ;  but  the  Senfe  of  the  Lines,  in  this  Reading,  is  a  direct  Per- 
fwafive  to  Suicide  f  I  make  no  Doubt,  but  the  Poet  wrote, 

That  none  but  Fools  woould  reck. 
i.  e.  care  for,  be  anxious  about,  regret  the  Lofs  of. 

Mr.  Warhurtot^ 
And  the  Word  is  very  frequent  with  our  Author.    2  Gent,  of  Verona.; 

Recking  as  little  what  hetideth  me, 

j4s  much  I  nvifh  all  Good  hefortune you. 
And  Harriet; 

Himfelf  the  primrofe  Path  of  Dalliance  treads , 

And  recks  not  his  pww  Reed. 
Et  alibi  caffim. 

For 


Measure/^  Measure.      34? 

For  thou  doft  fear  the  foft  and  tender  fork 

Of  a  poor  worm.    Thy  beft  of  Reft  is  fleep, 

And  that  thou  oft  provok'ftj  yet  grofly  fear'fl: 

Thy  death,  which  is  no  more.  Thou'rt  not  thy  felf ; 

For  thou  exift'ft  on  many  a  thoufand  grains, 

That  iflue  out  of  duft.   Happy  thou  art  not  > 

For  what  thou  haft  not,  ftill  thou  ftriv'ft  to  get} 

And  what  thou  haft,  forgett'ft.  Thou  art  not  certain  5 

For  thy  complexion  fhifts  to  ftrange  effects, 

After  the  moon.   If  thou  art  rich,  thou'rt  poor  \ , 

For,  like  an  afs,  whofe  back  with  ingots  bows, 

Thou  bear'ft  thy  heavy  riches  but  a  journey, 

And  death  unloadeth  thee.    Friend  thou  haft  none  j 

For  thy  own  bowels,  which  do  call  thee  Sire, 

The  meer  effufion  of  thy  proper  loins, 

Do  curfe  the  Gout)  Serpigo,  and  the  Rheum, 

For  ending  thee  no  fooner.   Thou  haft  nor  youth,  nor 

ages  (if) 
But  as  it  were  an  after-dinner's  fleep, 
Dreaming  on  both*  for'all  thy  blefled  youth 
Becomes  as  aged,  and  doth  beg  the  alms 
Of  palfied  Eld  5  and  when  thou'rt  old  and  rich, 

(15) qhcu  haft  nor  Youth,  nor  Age;  &c]   Mr.  Warhurton 

has  given  me  a  Correction  of,  and  Paraphrase  on,  this  and  the  fubfe- 
quent  Lines ;  which  mews  fo  fine  a  Spirit,  that,  tho'  I  have  not  ventur'd 

to  difturb  the  Text,  I  mull  not  deprive  my  Readers  of  it. "  The 

T  Drift  of  this  Period,  you  fee,  is  to  prove,  that  neither  Youth,  nor  Age, 
I  is  really  enjoy'd :  which,  in  poetical  Language  is,  We  ha<ve  neither 
j  Touth,  nor  Age.  "  But  how  is  This  prov'd  ?  That  Age  is  not  enjoy'd, 
1  he  makes  appear  by  recapitulating  the  Infirmities  of  it,  which  deprive 
1  old  Age  of  the  Senie  of  Pleafure.  To  prove  Youth  is  not  enjoy'd,  he 
'  ufes  thefe  Words  J  for  all  thy  bk(fed  Youth  becomes  as  aged,  and  doth 
1  beg  the  Alms  of  palfied  Eld.  Out  of  which,  he  that  can  deduce  the 
'  Proof,  erit  mihi  magnus  Apollo.  "  Undoubtedly,  if  we  would  know 
how  the  Author  wrote,  we  mull  read. 

— - for,  palPd,  thy  blazed  Touth 

Becomes  afluaged ;  and  doth  beg  the  Alms 
Of  palfied  Eld. 
i.  e.  When  thy  youthful  Appetite  becomes  palPd,  as  it  will  be,  in  the 
Enjoyment ;  the  Blaze  of  Youth  becomes  afTuaged,  and  thou  immedi- 
ately contracYft  the  Infirmities  of  Age;  as,  particularly,  the  Palfie, 
and  other  nervous  Infirmities;  the  Confequence  of  the  Enjoyment  of 
fenfual  Pleafure.  This  is  to  the  Purpoie;  and  proves  Youth  is  not  en- 
joy'd, bv  fhewing  the  fleeting  Duration  of  it.  " 

Thou 


5  50     Measure  for  Measure, 

Thou  haft  neither  heat,  affection,  limb,  nor  beauty 
To  make  thy  riches  pleafant.     What's  yet  in  this, 
That  bears  the  name  of  life  ?  yet  in  this  life 
Lye  hid  more  thoufand  deaths  5  yet  death  we  fear, 
That  makes  thefe  odds  all  even. 

Claud.  I  humbly  thank  you. 
To  fue  to  live,  I  find,  I  feek  to  die> 
And,  feeking  death,  find  life :  let  it  Come  on< 

Enter  Ifabella. 

If  ah.  What,  ho  ?  peace  here :  grace  and  good  com* 

pany ! 

Prov.  Who's  there  ?  come  in :  the  wifh  deferves  a 
welcome. 

Duke.  Dear  Sir,  ere  long  I'll  vifit  you  again. 

Claud.  Moft  holy  Sir,  1  thank  you. 

I  fab.  My  Bufinefs  is  a  word,  or  two,  with  Claudio. 

Prov.   And  very  welcome.    Look,  Signior,  here's 
your  lifter. 

Duke.  Provofl)  a  word  with  you. 

Prov.  As  many  as  you  pleafe. 

Duke.   Bring  them  to  lpeak  where  I  may  be  con* 
ceal'd, 
Yet  hear  them.  [_Exeunt  Duke  andVxovofii* 

Claud.  Now,  fijfter,  what's  the  comfort? 

I  fab.  Why,  as  all  comforts  are  5  moft  good  in  Deed; 
Lord  Angelo,  having  affairs  to  heav'n, 
Intends  you  for  his  fwift  ambaflador  j 
Where  you  fhall  be  an  everlafting  leiger. 
Therefore  your  beft  appointment  make  with  fpeed, 
To  morrow  you  fet  on. 

Claud.  Is  there  no  remedy  ? 

Jfab.  None,  but  fuch  remedy,  as  to  fave  a  head, 
To  cleave  a  heart  in  twain. 

Claud.  But  is  there  any? 

Jfab.  Yes,  brother,  you  may  live: 
There  is  a  devil  ilh  mercy  in  the  judge, 
If  you'll  implore  it,  that  will  free  your  life, 
But  fetter  you  'till  death. 

Claud.  Perpetual  durance? 

Ifab. 


Measure/^  Measure,     jji 

I  fab.  Ay,  juft>  perpetual  durance >  a  reftraint, 
Tho'  all  the  world's  vaftidity  you  had, 
To  a  determin'd  fcope. 

Claud.  But  in  what  nature? 

Ifab.  In  fuch  a  one,  as  you,  confenting  to't, 
Would  bark  your  honour  from  that  trunk  you  bear^ 
And  leave  you  naked. 

Claud.  Let  me  know  the  point. 

Ifab.  Oh,  I  do  fear  thee,  Claudio\  and  I  quake, 
Left  thou  a  fev'rous  life  fliould'ft  entertain, 
And  fix  or  feven  Winters  more  refpefb 
Than  a  perpetual  Honour.     Dar'ft  thou  die? 
The  fenfe  of  death  is  moft  in  apprehenfion  * 
And  the  poor  Beetle,  that  we  tread  upon, 
In  corp'ral  fufferance  finds  a  pang  as  great, 
As  when  a  Giant  dies. 

Claud.  Why  give  you  me  this  iliame  ? 
Think  you,  I  can  a  refolution  fetch 
From  flow'ry  tendernefs  ?  if  I  muft  die, 
I  will  encounter  darknefs  as  a  bride, 
And  hug  it  in  mine  arms. 

Ifab.  There  fpake  my  brother  5   there  my  father's 
grave 
Did  utter  forth  a  voice.     Yes,  thou  muft  die  3 
Thou  art  too  noble  to  conferve  a  life 
In  bafe  appliances.     This  outward-fainted  Deputy, 
Whofe  fettled  vifage  and  delib'rate  word 
Nips  youth  i'th'  head  5  and  follies  doth  emmew, 
As  faulcon  doth  the  fowl  $  is  yet  a  devil : 
His  filth  within  being  caft,  he  would  appear 
A  pond  as  deep  as  hell. 

Claud.  The  Princely  Angelo? 

Ifab.  Oh,  'tis  the  cunning  livery  of  hell, 
The  damned'ft  body  to  invert  and  cover 
In  Princely  guards.     Doft  thou  think,  Claudh, 
If  I  would  yield  him  my  virginity, 
Thou  might'ft  be  freed  ? 

Claud.  Oh,  heavens !  it  cannot  be. 

Ifab.   Yes,    he  would  give't  thee;  from  this  rank 
offence 

So 


352.     Measure/^  Measure. 

So  to  offend  him  ftill.    This  night's  the  time 
That  I  mould  do  what  I  abhor  to  name, 
Or  elfe  thou  dy'ft  to  morrow. 

Claud.  Thou  flialt  not  do't. 

Ifab.  Oh,  were  it  but  my  life, 
I'd  throw  it  down  for  your  deliverance 
As  frankly  as  a  pin. 

Claud.  Thanks,  deareft  Ifabel. 

Ifab.  Be  ready,  Claudio,  for  your  death  to  morrow. 

Claud.  Yes.     Has  he  affe&ions  in  him, 
That  thus  can  make  him  bite  the  law  by  th5  nofc, 
When  he  would  force  it?  fure,  it  is  no  fin 5 
Or  of  the  deadly  feven  it  is  the  leaft. 

Ifab.  Which  is  theleaft? 

Claud.  If  it  were  damnable,  he  being  fo  wife, 
Why  would  he  for  the  momentary  trick 
Be  pcrdurably  fin'd?  oh  Ifabel f 

Ifab.  What  fays  my  brother? 

Claud.  Death's  a  fearful  thing. 

Ifab.  And  fhamed  life  a  hateful. 

Claud.  Ay,  but  to  die,  and  go  we  know  not  where: 
To  lye  in  cold  obftruftion,  and  to  rot  j 
This  fenfible  warm  motion  to  become 
A  kneaded  clod  j  and  the  delighted  fpirit 
To  bathe  in  fiery  floods,  or  to  refide 
In  thrilling  regions  of  thick-ribb'd  ice, 
To  be  imprifon'd  in  the  viewlefs  winds, 
And  blown  with  reftlefs  violence  round  about 
•The  pendant  world  j  or  to  be  worfe  than  worft 
Of  thofe,  that  lawlefs  and  incertain  thoughts 
Imagine  howling ; —  'tis  too  horrible ! 
The  wearieft  and  moft  loathed  worldly  life,  (16) 

That 

(16)  The  weariefl,  and  moft  loathed  worldly  Life,']  This  natural  Fear 
of  Claudio,  from  the  Antipathy  we  have  to  Death,  feems  very  little  va- 
ried from  that  infamous  Willi  oi Macenas  recorded  in  the  101  Ophite 

of  Seneca. 

Debilem  facito  manu, 
Debt /em  pede,  coxa; 
Tuber  adftrue  gibberum, 
Lubr'uos  citi ate  dentes : 

Pita, 


Measure  for  Measure.     355 

That  age,  ach,  penury,  imprifonment 
Can  lay  on  nature,  is  a  paradife 
To  what  we  fear  of  death. 

Ifab.  Alas !  alas ! 

Claud.  Sweet  filler,  let  me  live ; 
What  fin  you  do  to  fave  a  brother's  life, 
Nature  difpenfes  with  the  deed  fo  far, 
That  it  becomes  a  virtue. 

Ifab.  Oh  you  beafl ! 
Oh  faithlefs  coward!  oh  diflioneft  wretch! 
Wilt  thou  be  made  a  man,  out  of  my  vice? 
Is't  not  a  kind  of  inceft,  to  take  life 
From  thine  own  filler's  fliame?  what  fhould  I  think? 
Heav'n  grant,  my  mother  plaid  my  father  fair: 
For  fuch  a  warped  flip  of  wildernefs 
Ne'er  iffu'd  from  his  blood.    Take  my  defiance, 
Die,  perifh!  might  my  only  bending  down 
Reprieve  thee  from  thy  fate,  it  fhould  proceed. 
I'll  pray  a  thoufand  prayers  for  thy  death  j 
No  word  to  fave  thee. 

Claud.  Nay,  hear  me,  Ifabel. 

Ifab.  Oh,  fie,  fie,  fie! 
Thy  fin's  not  accidental,  but  a  trade  > 
Mercy  to  thee  would  prove  it  felf  a  bawd  > 
'Tis  beft,  that  thou  dy'ft  quickly. 

Claud.  Oh  hear  me,  Ifabella. 

7*o  tbem9  Enter  Duke  and  Provoft. 

Duke,  Vouchfafe  a  word,  young  filler  j  but  one 
word. 

Ifab.  What  is  your  will? 

Duke.  Might  you  difpenfe  with  your  leifure,  I  would 
by  and  by  have  fome  fpeech  with  you :  the  fatisfa£ti- 
on  I  would  require,  is  likewife  your  own  benefit. 

Ifab.  I  have  no  fuperfluous  leifure  j  my  Hay  mull  be 

Vita>  dum  fupereft,  bene  ejl. 
Uanc  wtihi,  <vel  acuta 
Si  fed  am  cruce,  fujline. 

Mr»  Warhurton 

Vol.  I.  A  a  ^olcn 


154     Measure/^  Measure, 

ftolen  out  of  other  affairs:  but  I  will  attend  you  a 
while. 

Duke.  Son,  I  have  over-heard  what  hath  paft  between 
you  and  your  filler.  Angelo  had  never  the  purpofe  to 
corrupt  her  5  only  he  hath  made  an  aflay  of  her  vir- 
tue, to  pra&ife  his  judgment  with  the  difpofition  of 
natures.  She,  having  the  truth  of  honour  in  her,  hath 
made  him  that  gracious  denial,  which  he  is  moft  glad 
to  receive :  I  am  Confeffor  to  Angelo^  and  1  know  this 
to  be  true j  therefore  prepare  your  felf  to  death.  Do 
not  fatisfie  your  refolution  with  hopes  that  are  fallible-, 
to  morrow  you  muft  diey  go  to  your  knees*  and  make 
ready. 

Claud.  Let  me  ask  ray  filter  pardon  y  I  am  fo  out  of 
love  with  life,  that  I  will  fue  to  be  rid  of  it.  \Ex.  Claud, 

Duke.  Hold  you  there  5  farewel.  Provoft,  a  word 
with  you. 

Prov.  What's  your  will,  father? 

Duke.  That  now  you  are  come,  you  will  be  gone  5 
leave  me  a  while  with  the  maid :  my  mind  promifes 
with  my  habit,  no  lofs  mall  touch  her  by  my  company. 

Prov.  In  good  time.  [Exit  Prov. 

Duke.  The  hand,  that  hath  made  you  fair,  hath  made 
you  good  j  the  goodnefs  that  is  cheap  in  beauty, 
makes  beauty  brief  in  goodnefs  j  but  grace,  being  the 
foul  of  your  completion,  mall  keep  the  body  of  it 
ever  fair.  The  afTault,  that  Angelo  hath  made  to  you, 
fortune  hath  convey'd  to  my  underflanding  5  and  but 
that  frailty  hath  examples  for  his  falling,  I  mould 
wonder  at  Angelo:  how  will  you  do  to  content  this 
Subftitute,  and  to  fave  your  brother? 

Ifab.  I  am  now  going  to  refolve  him :  I  had  rather 
my  brother  die  by  the  law,  than  my  fon  fhould  be 
unlawfully  born.  But,  oh,  how  much  is  the  good 
Duke  deceiv'd  in  Angelo  ?  if  ever  he  return,  and  I  can 
fpeak  to  him,  I  will  open  my  lips  in  vain,  or  difcover 
his  Government. 

Duke.  That  fliall  not  be  much  amifs ;  yet  as  the 
matter  now  (lands,  he  will  avoid  your  accufationj  he 
made  tryal  of  you  only.     Therefore  fallen  your  ear 

on 


M  e  a  s  V  k  i  for  Measure^     355 

bii  my  advifings:  to  the  love  I  have  in  doing  good, 
a  remedy  prefents  it  felf.  I  do  make  my  felf  believe, 
that  you  may  mod  uprightly  do  a  poor  wronged  lady 
a  merited  benefit  -y  redeem  your  brother  from  the  an- 
gry law  3  do  no  flain  to  your  own  gracious  perfon ; 
and  much  pleafe  the  abfent  Duke,  if^  peradventure,  he 
fliall  ever  return  to  have  hearing  of  this  bufinefs. 

Ifab.  Let  me  hear  you  fpeak  farther  5  I  have  fpirit 
to  do  any  thing,  that  appears  not  foul  in  the  truth  of 
my  fpirit. 

Duke.  Virtue  is  bold  *  and  Goodnefs  never  fearful : 
have  you  not  heard  fpeak  of  Mariana,  the  fifler  of 
Frederick,  the  great  ibldier  who  mifcarried  at  fea  ? 

Ifab.  I  have  heard  of  the  lady,  and  good  words  went 
with  her  name. 

Duke.  Her  ihoiild  this  Angelo  have  marry'dj  was 
affiane'd  to  her  by  oath,  and  the  nuptial  appointed: 
between  which  time  of  the  contract,  and  limit  of  the 
folemnity,  her  brother  Frederick  was  wrackt  at  fea* 
having  in  that  perifh'd  veflel  the  dowry  of  his  fifler. 
But  mark,  how  heavily  this  befel  to  the  poor  gentle- 
woman; there  fhe  loft  a  noble  and  renowned  bro- 
therj  in  his  love  toward  her  ever  moll  kind  and  na- 
tural -,  with  him  the  portion  and  finew  of  her  fortune* 
her  marriage-dowry  5  with  both,  her  combinate  hus- 
band, this  well-feemlng  Angelo. 

Ifab.  Can  this  be  fo  ?  did  Angelo  fo  leave  her  ? 

Duke.  Left  her  in  her  tears,  and  dry'd  not  one'  of 
them  with  his  comfort  j  fwallow'd  his  vows  whole* 
pretending,  in  her,  difcoveries  of  difhonour :  in  few, 
beflow'd  her  on  her  own  lamentation,  which  fhe  yet 
wears  for  his  fake  5  and  he,  a  marble  to  her  tears,  is 
wafhed  with  them,  but  relents  not. 

Ifab.  What  a  merit  were  it  in  death  to  take  this 

t>oor  maid  from  the  world!   what  corruption  in  this 
ife,  that  it  will  let  this  man  live !   but  how  out  of 
this  can  fhe  avail? 

Duke.  It  is  a  rupture  that  you  may  eafily  heal  j  and 
the  cure  of  it  not  only  faves  your  brother,  but  keeps 
you  from  difhonour  in  doing  it, 

A  a   &  Ifab'< 


35$     Measure  for  Measure. 

I  fab.  Shew  me  how,  good  father. 

Duke.  This  forc-nam'd  maid  hath  yet  in  her  the  con- 
tinuance of  her  firft  affection  j  his  unjuft  unkindnefs, 
(that  in  all  reafon  fliould  have  quenched  her  love,) 
hath,  like  an  impediment  in  the  current,  made  it  more 
violent  and  unruly.  Go  you  to  Angela  ^  anfwer  his  re- 
quiring with  a  plaufible  obedience  $  agree  with  his 
demands  to  the  point*  only  refer  yourfelf  to  this  ad- 
vantage: firft,  that  your  itay  with  him  may  not  be 
long  j  that  the  time  may  have  all  fhadow  and  filence 
in  it  j  and  the  place  anfwer  to  convenience.  This  be- 
ing granted,  in  courfe  now  follows  all  :  we  fhall  ad- 
viie  this  wronged  maid  to  ftead  up  your  appointment, 
go  in  your  place*  if  the  ^encounter  acknowledge  it 
felf  hereafter,  it  may  compel  him  to  her  recompence* 
and  here  by  this  is  your  brother  faved,  your  Honour 
untainted,  the  poor  Mariana  advantaged,  and  the  cor- 
rupt Deputy  fcaled.  The  maid  will  I  frame,  and  make 
fit  for  his  attempt :  if  you  think  well  to  carry  this 
as  you  may,  the  doublenefs  of  the  benefit  defends  the 
deceit  from  reproof.     What  think  you  of  it? 

I  fab.  The  image  of  it  gives  me  content  already, 
and,  I  truft,  it  will  grow  to  a  moft  profperous  per- 
fection. 

Duke.  It  lyes  much  in  your  holding  up  5  hafte  you 
ipeedily  to  Angela  3  if  for  this  night  he  intreat  you  to 
his  bed,  give  him  promife  of  fatisfa&ion.  I  will  pre- 
fcntly  to  St.  Lakers  *  there  at  the  moated  Grange  refides 
this  deje&ed  Mariana  >  at  that  place  call  upon  me,  and 
difpatch  with  Angelo^  that  it  may  be  quickly. 

Ifab.  I  thank  you  for  this  comfort :  fare  you  well, 
good  father.  [Exeunt  feverally. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Street. 

Re-enter  Duke  as  a  Friar  $  Elbow,  Clown,  and  Officers. 

Elb.  VI  AY,  if  there  be  no  remedy  for  it,  but  that 

IN   you  will  needs  buy  and  fell  men  and  women 

like  beafts,  we  fhall  have  all  the  world  drink  brown  and 

white  baftard.  Duke. 


Measure  for  Measure.     557 

Duke.  Oh,  heav'ns !  what  fluff  is  here  ? 

Clown.  'Twas  never  merry  world  fince  of  two  ufu- 
ries  the  merrieft  was  put  down,  and  the  worfer  alJow'd 
by  order  of  law.  A  furr'd  gown  to  keep  him  warm, 
and  furr'd  with  fox  and  lamb-skins  too,  to  fignifie, 
that  craft,  being  richer  than  innocency,  ftands  for  the 
facing. 

Elb.  Come  your  way,  Sir:  blefs  you,  good  father 
Friar. 

Duke.  And  you,  good  brother*  father ;  what  offence 
hath  this  man  made  you,  Sir  ? 

Elb.  Marry,  Sir,  he  hath  offended  the  law ;  and,  Sir, 
we  take  him  to  be  a  Thief  too,  Sir  j  for  we  have  found 
upon  him,  Sir,  a  ftrange  pick-lock,  which  we  have 
fent  to  the  Deputy. 

Duke.  Fie,  Sirrah,  a  bawd,  a  wicked  bawd ! 
The  evil  that  thou  caufeft  to  be  done, 
That  is  thy  means  to  live.    Doft  thou  but  think, 
What  'tis  to  cram  a  maw,  or  cloath  a  back 
From  fuch  a  filthy  vice :  fay  to  thy  felf, 
From  their  abominable  and  beaftly  touches 
I  drink,  I  eat,  array  my  felf,  and  live.  (17) 
Canft  thou  believe  thy  living  is  a  life, 
So  ftinkingly  depending !  go  mend,  mend. 

Clown.  Indeed,  it  doth  ftink  in  fome  fort,  Sir  j  but 
yet,  Sir,  I  would  prove  — : — 

(17)  I  drink,  I  eat  away  my  felf,  and  live."]  Thus  hitherto  in  all  the 
ImprefTions.  This  is  one  very  excellent  Inftance  of  the  Sagacity  of  our 
Editors,  and  it  were  to  be  wifh'd  heartily,  they  would  have  oblig'd  us 
with  their  phyfical  Solution,  how  a.  Man  can  eat  away  himfelf  and  live. 
The  ingenious  Mr.  Bijbop,  when  we  read  this  Play  together,  gave  me 
that  mod  certain  Emendation,  which  I  have  fubftituted  in  the  Room 
of  the  former  foolifh  Reading ;  by  the  Help  whereof,  we  have  this  eafy 
Senfe  j  that  the  Clown  fed  himfelf,  and  put  Cloaths  on  his  Back  by 
exercifing  the  vile  Trade  of  a  Bawd. 

In  Othello,  lago  fpeaks  much  to  the  fame  Purpofe  of  CaJ/to's  Strum- 
pet. 

A  Houfeivife,  that,  by  felling  her  Bejires, 
Buyes  herfelfRread,  and  Cloath. 

And  B.  Jonfon,  much  nearer  to  the  Words  of  the  Panage  here  cor- 
rected, in  his  Epigram  upon  Lieut.  Shift. 

By  that  one  Spell  he  lives,  eats,  drinks,  arrays  Himfelf. 

A  a  5  Duke. 


15  8     Measurs  for  Measure, 

Duke.  Nay,  if  the  devil  have  giv'n  thee  proofs  for  fin, 
Thpij  wilt  prove  his.   Take  him  to  prifon,  officer* 
Correction  and  inftru&ion  muft  both  work, 
J£re  this  rude  beaft  will  profit. 

Elb.  He  muft  before  the  Deputy,  Sir  5  he  has  given 
him  warning  *  the  Deputy  cannot  abide  a  whore-maf- 
terj  if  he  be  a  whore-monger,  and  comes  before  him, 
he  were  as  good  go  a  mile  oa  his  errand. 
^  Duke.  That  we  were  all,  as  fome  would  feem  to  be. 
Free  from  all  faults,  as  faults  from  feeming  free! 

Enter  Lucio. 

Elb.  His  neck  will  pome  to  your  wafte,  a  cord,  Sir. 

'Clown.  J  fpy  comfort:  I  cry,  bail:  here's  a  gentle- 
man, and  a  friend  of  mine. 

Lucio.  How  now,  noble  Pompey?  what,  at  the  wheels 
of  Cafar  ?  art  thou  led  in  triumph  ?  what,  is  there 
none  of  Pigmalion's  images  newly  made  woman  to  he 
had  now,  for  putting  the  hand  in  the  pocket,  and  ex- 
trading  it  clutch'd  ?  what  reply  ?  ha  ?  what  fay'ft 
thou  to  this  tune,  matter  and  method?  is't  not  drown'd 
i'th'  laft  rain  ?  ha  ?  what  fay'ft  thou,  trot  ?  is  the  world 
$s  it  was,  maji?  which  is  the  way?  is  it  fad  and  few 
words  ?  or  how  ?  the  trick  of  it  ? 

Duke.  Still  thus  and  thus*  ftill  worfe  ? 

Lucio.  How  doth  my  dear  morfel,  thy  miftrefs  ?  pro* 
cures  fhe  ftill  ?  ha  ? 

Clown.  Troth,  Sir,  fhe  hath  eaten  up  all  her  beef, 
and  fhe  is  her  felf  in  the  tub. 

Lucio.  Why,  'tis  good  j  it  is  the  right  of  it ;  it  muft 
be  fo.  Ever  your  frefh  whore,  and  your  powder'd 
^awd  j  an  unfhimn'd  confequence,  it  muft  be  fo.  Ar$ 
going  to  prifon,  Pompey? 

Clown.  Yes,  faith.  Sir. 

Lucio.  Why,  'tis  not  amifs,  Pompey  :  farewel :  go, 
fay,  I  fent  thee  thither.     For  debt,  Pompey  ?  or  how  ? 

Elk.  For  being  a  bawd,  for  being  a  bawd, 

Lucio.  Well,  then  imprifon  him  -,  if  imprifonment 
be  the  due  of  a  bawd,  why,  'tis  his  Right.  Bawd  is  he, 
dpubtlefs,  and  of  antiquity  too 3,  bawd  born.  Fare- 
wel, 


Measure^  Measure.     35* 

wel,  good  Pompey  :  commend  me  to  the  prifon,  Pom- 
pey 3  you  will  turn  good  husband  now,  Pomgey  j  you 
will  keep  the  houie.  K 

Clown.  I  hope,  Sir,  your  good  Worihiprwill  be  my 
bail. 

Lucio.  No,  indeed,  will  I  not,  Pompey  j  it  is  not  the 
wear  j  I  will  pray,  Pompey ,  to  encreafe  your  bondage; 
if  you  take  it  not  patiently,  why,  your  mettle  is  the 
more  :  adieu,  trufty  Pompey.     Blefs  you,  Friar* 
Duke.   And  you. 

Lucio.  Does  Bridget  paint  ftill,  Pompey?  ha? 
Elb.  Come  your  ways,  Sir,  come. 
Clown.  You  will  not  bail  me  then,  Sir? 
Lucio.  Then,  Pompey ,  nor  now.  What  news  abroad, 
Friar  ?  what  news  ? 

Elb.  Come  your  ways,  Sir,  come. 
Lucio.  Go  to  kennel,  Pompey^  go  ; 

[Exeunt  Elbow,  Clown  and  Officers. 
What  news,  Friar  ^  of  the  Duke  ? 
Duke.  I  know  none  :  can  you  tell  me  of  any  ? 
Lucio.  Some  fay,   he  is  with  the  Emperor  of  Rujjia  ; 
other  Some,   he  is  in  Rome:  but  where  is  he,  think 
you? 

Duke.  I  know  not  where  5  but  wherefoever,  I  wifh, 
him  well.  * 

Lucio.  It  was  a  mad  fantaitical  trick  of  him  to  Ileal 
from  the  State,  and   ufurp  the  beggary  he  was  never 
born  to.     Lord  Angelo  dukes  it  well  in  his  abfence5  he 
puts  Tranfgreflion  to't. 
Duke,  He  does  well  in't. 

Lucio.  A  little  more  lenity  to  leachery  would  do  no 
harm  in  him  *,  fomething  too  crabbed  that  way,  Friar. 

Duke.  It  is  too  general  a  vice,  and  feverity  muft 
cure  it. 

Lucio.  Yes,  in  good  footh,  the  vice  is  of  a  great 
kindred  -y  it  is  well  ally'd,  but  it  is  impoffible  to  ex- 
cirp  it  quite,  Friar^  'till  eating  and  drinking  be  put 
down..  They  fay,  this  Angelo  was  not  made  by  man 
and  woman  after  the  downright  way  of  creation  5  is  it 
true,  think  you  ? 

A  a  4  Duke. 


360      Measure/^  Measure. 

Duke.  How  fliould  he  be  made  then  ?  ^ 

Lucio.  Some  report,  a  fea-maid  fpawn'd  him.  Some^ 
that  he  was  begot  between  two  flock -fifties.  But  it  is 
certain,  that  when  he  makes  water,  his  urine  is  con- 
geal'd  ice;  that  I  know  to  be  true :  (18)  and  heis  a 
motion  ungenerative,  that's  infallible. 

Duke.  You  are  pleafant,  Sir,  and  fpeak  apace. 

Lucio,  Why,  what  a  ruthlefs  thing  is  this  in  him, 
for  the  rebellion  of  a  cod-piece  to  take  away  the  life 
of  a  man?  would  the  Duke,  that  is  abfent,  have  done 
this  ?  ere  he  would  have  hang'd  a  man  for  the  getting 
a  hundred  baftards,  he  would  have  paid  for  the 
nurfing  a  thoufand.  He  had  fome  feeling  of  the  fport, 
he  knew  the  fervice,  and  that  inftru&ed  him  to  mercy. 

Duke.  I  never  heard  the  abfent  Duke  much  detected 
for  women  ->   he  was  not  inclin'd  that  way. 

Lucio.  Oh,  Sir,  you  are  deceiv'd. 

Duke.  'Tis  not  poffible. 

Lucio.  Who,  not  the  Duke?  yes,  your  beggar  of 
fifty  5  and  his  ufe  was,  to  put  a  ducket  in  her  clack- 
dim  -,  the  Duke  had  crotchets  in  him.  He  would  be 
drunk  too,  that  let  me  inform  you. 

Duke.  You  do  him  wrong,  furely. 

Lucio.  Sir,  I  was  an  inward  of  his :  a  fhy  fellow  was 
the  Duke  5  and,  I  believe,  I  know  the  caufe  of  his 
withdrawing. 

Duke.  What,  pr'ythee,  might  be  the  caufe? 

Lucio.  No :  pardon  :  'tis  a  fecret  mufl:  be  lockt  with- 
in the  teeth  and  the  lips  5  but  this  I  can  let  you  un- 
derftand,  the  greater  file  of  the  Subject  held  the  Duke 
to  be  wife. 

Duke.  Wife  ?  why,  no  queftion,  but  he  was. 

Lucio.  A  very  fuperficial,  ignorant,  unweighing  fel- 
low. 

(18)  and  he  is     a   Motion  generative;    that's  infallible]     This 

may  be  Senfe ;  and  Lucio,  perhaps,  may  mean,  that  tho'  Angelo  have  the 
Organs  of  Generation,  yet  that  he  makes  no  more  Ufe  of  them  than  if 
he  were  an  inanimate  Puppet.  But  I  rather  think,  our  Author  wrote ; 
■  and  he  is  a  Motion  ungenerative,  —  becaufe  J^ucto  again  in  this 
very  Scene  fays;  —  this  ungenitur'd  Agent  'will  unpeople  the  Province 
*with  Continency. 

Duke. 


Measure/^  Measure.     3^1 

Duke.  Either  this  is  envy  in  you,  folly,  or  miftaking: 
the  very  ftream  of  his  life,  and  the  bufinefs  he  hath 
helmed,  muft  upon  a  warranted  Need  give  him  a  bet- 
ter proclamation.  Let  him  be  but  teftimonied  in  his 
own  bringings  forth,  and  he  fhall  appear  to  the  envi- 
ous, a  fcholar,  a  ftatefman,  and  a  foldier.  Therefore, 
you  fpeak  unskilfully,  or  if  your  knowledge  be  more, 
it  is  much  darken'd  in  your  malice. 

Lucio.  Sir,  I  know  him,  and  I  love  him. 

Duke.  Love  talks  with  better  knowledge,  and  know- 
ledge with  dear  love. 

Lucio.  Come,  Sir,  I  know  wh#t  I  know. 

Duke.  I  can  hardly  believe  that,  fince  you  know 
not  what  you  fpeak.  But  if  ever  the  Duke  return,  as 
our  prayers  are  he  may,  let  me  defire  you  to  make 
your  anfwer  before  him  :  if  it  behoneftyou  have  fpoke, 
you  have  courage  to  maintain  it  5  I  am  bound  to  call 
upon  you,  and,  I  pray  you,  your  name  ? 

Lucio.  Sir,  my  name  is  Lucioy  well  known  to  the 
Duke. 

Duke.  He  fhall  know  you  better,  Sir,  if  I  may  live 
to  report  you. 

Lucio.  I  fear  you  not. 

Duke.  O,  you  hope,  the  Duke  will  return  no  more  *9 
or  you  imagine  me  too  unhurtful  an  oppofitej  but, 
indeed,  I  can  do  you  little  harm :  you'll  forfwear  this 
again  ? 

Lucio.  I'll  be  hang'd  firft ;  thou  art  deceiv'd  in  me, 
Friar.  But  no  more  of  this.  Canft  thou  tell,  if  Clau- 
dio  die  to  morrow,  or  no? 

Duke.  Why  fhould  he  die,  Sir? 

Lucio.  Why  ?  for  filling  a  bottle  with  a  tun-difh :  I 
would,  the  Duke,  we  talk  of,  were  return'd  again  j  this 
ungenitur'd  agent  will  unpeople  the  province  with  Con- 
tinency.  Sparrows  muft  not  build  in  his  houfe-eves, 
becaufe  they  are  leacherous.  The  Duke  yet  would  have 
dark  deeds  darkly  'anfweredj  he  would  never  bring 
them  to  light  5  would  he  were  return'd  !  Marry,  this 
Qlmdio  is  condemned  for  untruffing.    Farcwel,  good 

Friary 


$6z     Measure/^  Measure. 

Friar-,  I  pry'thee,  pray  for  me:  (ip)  the  Duke,  I  fay 
to  thee  again,  would  eat  mutton  on  Fridays.  He's  now 
paft  it ;  yet,  and  I  fay  to  thee,  he  would  mouth  with 
a  beggar,  tho'  me  fmelt  of  brown  bread  and  garlick : 
fay,  that  1  faid  fo,  farewel.  [£*//. 

Duke.  No  Might  nor  Greatnefs  in  mortality 
Can  Cenfure  fcape  :  back-wounding  Calumny 
The  whiteft  Virtue  ftrikes.  What  King  fo  ftrong 
Can  tie  the  gall  up  in  the  fland'rous  tongue  ? 
But  who  comes  here  ? 

Enter  Efcalus,  Provoft,  and  Bawd. 

Efcal.  Go,  away  with  her  to  prifon. 

Bawd.  Good  my  lord,  be  good  to  me  j  your  Honour 
is  accounted  a  merciful  man:  good  my  lord. 

Efcal.  Double  and  treble  admonition,  and  ftill  forfeit 
in  the  fame  kind?  this  would  make  mercy  fwear,  and 
play  the  tyrant. 

Prov.  A  bawd  of  eleven  years  continuance,  may  it 
pleafe  your  Honour. 

Bawd.  My  lord,  this  is  one  Lucio's  information  a- 
gainfl:  me  :  miltrefs  Kate :  Keep- down  was  with  child  by 
him  in  the  Duke's  time 5  he  promis'd  her  marriage; 
his  child  is  a  year  and  a  quarter  old,  come  Philip  and 
Jacob :  I  have  kept  it  my  felf  3  and  fee,  how  he  goes  a- 
bout  to  abufe  me. 

Efcal.  That  fellow  is  a  fellow  of  much  licence  5  let 
him  be  call'd  before  us.  Away  with  her  to  prifon  : 
go  to*  no  more  words.  \_Exeunt  with  the  Bawd.]  Pro- 
vofti  my  brother  Angelo  will  not  be  alter'd*  Claudio 
muft  die  to  morrow  :  let  him  be  furnith'd  with  Di- 
vines, and  have  all  charitable  preparation.  If  my 
brother  wrought  by  my  pity,  it  mould  not  be  fo  with 
him. 

(19)  The  Duke y  I  fay  to  thee  again,  would  eat  Mutton  on  Fridays.] 
This  is  not  meant  to  impeach  the  Duke  of.  being  an  ill  Catholicity  as 
tranfgreffing  the  Rules  of  Abftinence  in  Diet :  But  the  Joke,  alluded  to, 
will  be  explain' d  by  looking  back  to  the  third  Note  on  the  Two  Gentle- 
men of  Verona. 

Pro. 


Measure/^  Measure.     ^c\ 

Pro.  So  pleafc  you,  this  Friar  hath  been  with  him, 
and  advis'd  him  for  the  entertainment  of  death. 

Efcal.  Good  even,  good  father. 

Duke.  Blifs  and  goodnefs  on  you! 

Efcal.  Of  whence  are  you? 

Duke.  Not  of  this  country,  tho'  my  chance  is  now 
To  tffe  it  for  my  time  :  I  am  a  brother 
Of  gracious  Order,  late  come  from  the  See, 
In  fpecial  bufinefs  from  his  Holinefs. 

Efcal.  What  news  abroad  i'th'  world  ? 

Duke.  None,  but  that  there  is  fo  great  a  fever  on 
g&oxinefs,  that  the  diflblution  of  it  muft  cure  it.  No* 
velty  is  only  in  requeitj  and  it  is  as  dangerous  to  be 
aged  in  any  kind  of  courfe,  as  it  is  virtuous  to  be  con- 
ftant  in  any  undertaking.  There  is  fcarce  truth  e- 
nough  alive,  to  make  focietics  fecure  $  but  fecurity  e~ 
nough,  to  make  fellow/hips  accurft.  Much  upon  this 
riddle  runs  the  wifdom  of  the  worlds  this  news  is  old 
enough,  yet  it  is  every  day's  news.  I  pray  you,  Sir, 
of  what  difpofkion  was  the  Duke? 

Efcal.  One,  that, above  all  other  ftrifes, 
Contended  fpecially  to  know  himfelf. 

Duke.  What  pleafure  was  he  giv'n  to? 

Efcal.  Rather  rejoicing  to  fee  another  merry,  than 
merry  at  any  thing  which  profeft  to  make  him  rejoice. 
A  gentleman  of  all  temperance.  But  leave  we  him  to 
his  events,  with  a  prayer  they  may  prove  profperous \ 
and  let  me  defire  to  know,  how  you  find  Claudio  pre- 
paid ?  I  am  made  to  underftand,  that  you  have  lent 
him  vifitation. 

Duke,  He  profefTes  to  have  received  no  finifter  mea- 
fure  from  his  judge,  but  moft  willingly  humbles  him- 
felf to  the  determination  of  juftice*  yet  had  he  fram'd 
to  himfelf,  by  the  inftruction  of  his  frailty,  many 
deceiving  promifes  of  life  \  which  I  by  my  good 
Jeifure  have  difcredited  to  him,  and  now  is  he  refolv'd 
to  die. 

Efcal.  You  have  paid  the  heav'ns  your  Function,  and 
the  prifoner  the  very  debt  of  your  Calling.  I  have  la- 
boqr'd  for  the  poor  gentleman,  to  the  extremeft  fhore 

of 


5^4     M  e  a  sure  for  Me  a  sure. 

of  my  modefty  j  but  my  brother  Juftice  have  I  found 
fo  fevere,  that  he  hath  fore'd  me  to  tell  him,  he  is 
indeed  Juftice. 

Duke.  If  his  own  life  anfwer  the  ftraitnefs  of  his  pro- 
ceeding, it  fhall  become  him  well  $  wherein  if  he 
chance  to  fail,  he  hath  fentene'd  himfelf. 

EfcaL  I  am  going  to  vifit  the  prifoner  5  fare  you 
well.  [fixit. 

Duke.  Peace  be  with  you ! 
He  who  the  fword  of  heav'n  will  bear, 
Should  be  as  holy  as  fevere  : 
Pattern  in  himfelf  to  know, 
Grace  to  ftand,  and  virtue  go  5 
More  nor  lefs  to  others  paying, 
Than  by  felf-offences  weighing. 
Shame  to  him,  whofe  cruel  ftriking 
Kills  for  faults  of  his  own  liking. 
Twice  treble  Shame  on  Angela^ 
To  weed  my  vice,  and  let  his  grow ! 
Oh,  what  may  man  within  him  hide, 
Tho'  angel  on  the  outward  fide  ? 
How  may  that  likenefs,  made  in  crimes,  (10) 
Making  practice  on  the  times, 
Draw  with  idle  fpiders  firings 
Moft  pond'rous  and  fubftantial  things ! 
Craft  againft  vice  I  muft  apply. 
With  Angelo  to  night  fhall  lye 

(20)    How  may  Likenefs  made  in  Crimes, 

Making  PraSlife  on  the  Times, 

To  draw  with  idle  Spider  s  Strings 

Mojf  ponderous  and  fubftantial  Things  ?  ]  This  obfeure  and 
un grammatical  Paflage  Mr.  Warburton  has  reltor'd  to  its  Purity,  only  by 
adding  one  Monofyllable,  and  throwing  out  another  :  as  he  has  likevvife 
made  it  intelligible  by  the  following  Comment.  "  How  much  Wicked- 
"  nefs  may  a  Man  hide  within,  tho'  he  appears  like  an  Angel  with- 
"  out !  How  may  that  Likenefs,  made  in  Crimes,  i.  e.  by  Hypocrify ; 
"  [a  pretty  paradoxical  Expreffion,  of  an  Angel  made  in  Crimes]  by  im- 
"  pofing  on  the  World,  [thus  emphatically  exprefs'd,  making  Praclife 
"  on  the  Times]  draw  with  its  falfe  and  empty  Pretences  [which  Shake- 
"  fpeare  finely  calls,  Spiders  Strings ;  ]  the  molt  ponderous  and  iub- 
"  itantial  Things  of  the  World,  as  Riches,  Honour,  Power,  Reputa- 
"  tion,    &c. 

His 


Measure/^  Measure.^     565 

His  old  betrothed,  but  defpis'd; 

So  difguife  fhall  by  th'  dHguis'd 

Pay  with  falfhood  falfe  exacting  5 

And  perform  an  old  Contracting.  [Exit. 


ACT      IV. 

S  C  E  N  E,  a  Grange* 

Enter  Mariana,  and  boy  finging. 

SONG. 

TAKE,  oh,  take  thofe  lips  away,  (11) 
'That  fo  pweetly  'were  for/worn  j 
And  thofe  eyes,  the  break  of  day9 
Lights  that  do  mif-lead  the  morni 
But  my  kijes  bring  again, 
Seals  of  love,  but  feaVd  in  vain. 

Enter  Duke. 

Mari.  Break  offthyfong,  and  hafte  thee  quick  away ; 
Here  comes  a  man  of  comfort,  whofe  advice 
Hath  often  ftiird  my  brawling  difcontent. 

(21)  Take,  oh,  take  thofe  Lips  away,]  This  Song,  which,  no  doubt, 
was  a  great  Favourite  in  its  Time,  is  inierted  in  Beaumont  and  Fletcher* 
Bloody  Brother  with  this  additional  Stanza. 

Hide,  oh,  hide  thofe  Hills  of  Snow, 

Which  thy  frozen  Bofom  hears', 
On  <vohofe  Tops  the  Pinks,  that  grow, 

Are  of  thofe  that  April  nvears* 
But  my  poor  Heart  firft  fet  free, 
Bound  in  thofe  icy  Chains  by  thee. 
With  this  Addition  likewife  it  is  printed  in  the  Volume  of  Shakeffeare^s 
Poems.     The  Reafon,  of  this  fecond  Stanza  being  omitted  here,  is  ob- 
vious.    Mariana  has  the  Song  fung,  applicable  to  her  Love  for  Jngelo, 
and  his  Perjury  to  her :  and  the  Addition  can  only  fort,  when  addrefs'd 
from  a  Lover  to  his  Miftrefc. 

I 


\g6     Me  a  sUrb  for  Measure 

I  cry  you  mercy,  Sir,  and  well  could  wifh, 

You  had  not  found  mc  here  To  mufical: 

Lee  me  excufe  me,  and  believe  me  fo, 

My  mirth  it  much  difpleas'd,  but  pleas'd  my  woe. 

Duke.  'Tis  good  5  tho'  mufick  oft  hath  fuch  a  Charm 
To  make  bad,  good  j  and  good  provoke  to  harm. 
I  pray  you,  tell  me,  hath  any  body  enquir'd  for  me 
here  to  day  ?  much  upon  this  time,  have   I  promis'd 
here  to  meet. 

Mari.  You  have  not  been  enquir'd  after:  I  have 
fate  here  all  day. 

Enter  Ifabel. 

Duke,  rdo  conftantly  believe  you :  the  time  is  come, 
even  now*  I  fhall  crave  your  forbearance  a  little ;  may 
be,  I  will  call  upon  you  an€xn  for  fome  advantage  to 
your  felf. 

Mari.  I  am  always  bound  to  you.  [Exit. 

Duke.  Very  well  met,  and  well  come  : 
What  is  the  news  from  this  good  Deputy  ? 

Ifah.  He  hath  a  garden  circummur'd  with  bride* 
Whofe  weftern  fide  is  with  a  vineyard  backt  j 
And  to  that  vineyard  is  a  planched  gate, 
That  makes  his  Opening  with  this  bigger  key  : 
This  other  doth  command  a  little  door, 
Which  from  the  vineyard  to  the  garden  leads  $ 
There,  on  the  heavy  middle  of  the  night, 
Have  I  my  promife  made  to  call  upon  him. 

Duke.  But  (hall  you  on  your  knowledge  find  thil 
way? 

I  fab.  I've  ta'en  a  due  and  wary  note  upon't  j 
With  whifp'ring  and  mod  guilty  diligence, 
In  action  all  of  precept,  he  did  ihow  me 
The  way  twice  o'er. 

Duke.  Are  there  no  other  tokens 
Between  you  'greed,  concerning  her  obfervance  ? 

I  fab.  No:  none,  but  only  a  repair  i'ch'  dark* 
And  that  I  have  pofTeft  him,  my  moft  Stay 
Can  be  but  brief  >  for  I  have  made  him  know, 
I  have  a  iervanc  comes  with  me  along, 

Tha< 


Measure /or  Measure.     3*7 

That  flays  upon  mej  whofe  perfuafion  is, 
I  come  about  my  brother. 

Duke.  'Tis  well  born  up. 
I  have  not  yet  made  known  to  Mariana 
A  word  of  this.    What,  hoa!  within!  come  forth ! 

Enter  Mariana. 

I  pray  you,  be  acquainted  with  this  maid  j 
She  comes  to  do  you  good. 

Ifab.  I  do  defire  the  like. 

Duke.  Do  you  perfuade  your  felf  that  I  refpe£t  you  ? 

Mari.  Good   Friar,   I   know   you  do>  and  I  have 
found  it. 

Duke.  Take  then  this  your  Companion  by  the  hand, 
Who  hath  a  ilory  ready  for  your  ear : 
I  mail  attend  your  leifurej  but  make  hafte* 
The  vaporous  night  approaches. 

Mari.  Wilt  pleafe  you  walk  afide  ? 

{Exeunt  Mar.  and.  Ifab. 

Duke.  Oh  Place  and  Greatnefs  !  millions  of  falfe  eyes 
Are  ftuck  upon  thee  :  volumes  of  report 
Run  with  thefe  falfe  and  moft  contrarious  quefts 
Upon  thy  doings  :  thoufand  'fcapes  of  wit 
Make  thee  the  father  of  their  idle  dreams, 
And  rack  thee  in  their  fancies !  Welcome}  how  agreed? 

Re-enter  Mariana,  and  Ifabel. 

Ifab.  She'll  take  the  enterprize  upon  her,  father, 
If  you  advife  it. 

Duke.  'Tis  not  my  confent, 
But  my  intreaty  too.  4 

Ifab*  Little  have  you  to  fay, 
When  you  depart  from  him,  but  foft  and  low, 
44  Remember  now  my  brother. 
'    Mari.  Fear  me  not. 

Duke.  Nor,  gentle  daughter,  fear  you  not  at  all : 
He  is  your  husband  on  a  pre-contract* 
To  bring  you  thus  together,  'tis  no  fin  $ 
Sith  that  the  juftice  of  your  title  to  him 

Dotk 


3 (J 8     Measure/^  Measure. 

Doth  flourifh  the  deceit.     Come,  let  us  go  $ 

Our  Corn's  to  reap  j  for  yet  our  Tilth's  to  fow.  (zi)  [Exe. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Trifon. 

Enter  Provofi:  and  Clown. 

Prov.  pOME  hither,  firrah:  can  you  cut  off  a 
V_>       man's  head  ? 

Clown.  If  the  man  be  a  batchelor,  Sir,' I  can:  but  if 
he  be  a  marry'd  man,  he  is  his  wife's  head,  and  I  can 
never  cut  off  a  woman's  head. 

Prov.  Come,  Sir,  leave  me  your  fnatches,  and  yield 
me  a  direct  anfwer.  To  morrow  morning  are  to  die 
Claudio  and  Barnardine :  here  is  in  our  prifon  a  common 
executioner,  who  in  his  office  lacks  a  helper  ,  if  you 
will  take  it  on  you  to  afllft  him,  it  fhall  redeem  you 
from  your  gyves :  if  not,  you  fhall  have  your  full 
time  of  imprifonment,  and  your  deliverance  with  an 
unpitied  whipping  j  for  you  have  been  a  notorious 
bawd. 

Clown.  Sir,  I  have  been  an  unlawful  bawd,  time 
out  of  mind,  but  yet  I  will  be  content  to  be  a  lawful 
hangman  :  I  would  be  glad  to  receive  fome  inftruction 
from  my  fellow-partner. 

Prov.  What  hoa,  Abhor  [on!  where's  Abhor/on,  there  ? 

Enter  Abhor fon. 

Abhor.  Do  you  call,  Sir  ? 

Prov.  Sirrah,  here's  a  fellow  will  help  you  to  mor- 
row in  your  execution ;  if  you  think  it  meet,  com- 
pound with  him  by  the  year,  and  let  him  abide  here 
with  you  y  if  not,  ufe  him  for  the  prefent,  and  dif- 
mifs  him.  He  cannot  plead  his  eftimation  with  you, 
he  hath  been  a  bawd. 

(22)  'for  yet  our  tythe'j  to  few]     It  mull   be   Tilth ;  that  is, 

our  Tillage  is  yet  to  be  made  ;  our  Grain  is  yet  to  be  put  in  the  Grounds 
the  Project,  from  which  we  expect  to  profit  in  the  Iflue,  is  ftill  to  be  put 
in  Hand. 

Abhor. 


Measure  for  Measure.     3<>p 

'Abhor.  A  bawd,  Sir  ?  fie  upon  him,  he  will  difcre- 
dit  our  myftery. 

Prov.  Go  to,  Sir,  you  weigh  equally  j  a  feather  wilt 
turn  the  fcale.  [£#/>. 

Clown.  Pray,  Sir,  by  your  good  favour  5  (for,  fure- 
ly,  Sir,  a  good  favour  you  have,  but  that  you  have  a 
hanging  look})  do  you  call,  Sir,  your  occupation  a 
myftery  ? 

Abhor.  Ay,  Sir  j  a  myftery. 

Clown.  Painting,  Sir,  I  have  heard  fay,  is  a  myftery; 
and  your  whores,  Sir,  being  members  of  my  occupa- 
tion, ufing  Painting,  do  prove  my  occupation  a  myf- 
tery :  but  what  myftery  there  ihould  be  in  hanging,  if 
I  fhould  be  hang'd,  I  cannot  imagine. 

Abhor.  Sir,  it  is  a  myftery. 

Clown.  Proof,  - 

Abhor.  (2,3)  Every  true  man's  apparel  fits  your  thief, 
Clown:  If  it  be  too  little  for  your  true  man,  your 
Thief  thinks  it  big  enough.  If  it  be  too  big  for  your 
true  man,  your  thief  thinks  it  lictle  enough  j  fo  every 
true  man's  apparel  fits  your  thief. 

Re-enter  Provoft. 

Prov.  Are  you  agreed  ? 

Clown.  Sir,  I  will  ferve  him :  for  I  do  find,  your 
hangman  is  a  more  penitent  trade  than  your  bawd  j 
he  doth  oftner  ask  forgivenefs. 

Prov.  You,  firrah,  provide  your  block  and  your  ax 
to  morrow,  four  o'  clock. 

(23)  Abhor.   Every  true  Maris  Apparel  fits  your  thief. 

Clown.  If  it  be  too  little  for  your  'Thief  your  true  Man  thinks  it 

big  enough.  If  it  be  too  big  for  your  thief  your  Thief  thinks  it  lit" 
tie  enough :  fo  every  true  Mans  Apparel  fits  your  Thief]  This  is  a 
very  notable  Paffage,  as  it  ftands  in  all  the  Editions;  but,  I  dare  fay, 
is  notably  corrupted ;  and  both  the  Speeches,  and  the  Words,  muffled 
and  mifplaced.  What!  does  the  Clown  ask  Proof,  how  the  Hangman's 
Trade  is  a  Myftery ;  and,  fo  foon  as  ever  Jbhtrfon  advances  his  The/is 
to  prove  it,  the  Clown  takes  the  Argument  out  of  his  Mouth,  and  per- 
verts the  very  Tenour  of  it  ?  I  am  iatisned,  the  Poet  intended  a  regular 
Syllogifm ;  and  I  fubmit  it  to  judgment,  whether  my  Regulation  has  not 
reftor'd  that  Wit,  and  Humour  which  was  quite  loft  in  the  Deprava- 
tion. 

Vol.  I.  B  b  Abhor. 


370     Measure  for  Measure. 

Abhor.  Come  on,  bawd,  I  will  inftrucl:  thee  in  my 
trade  5  follow. 

Clown.  I  dodefire  to  learn,  Sir;  and  I  hope,  if  you 
have  occafion  to  ufe  me  for  your  own  turn,  you  (24) 
fhall  find  me  yare :  for,  truly,  Sir,  for  your  kindnefs 
I  owe  you  a  good  turn.  [Exit. 

Prov.  Call  hither  Bamardine,  and  Claudio  : 
One  has  my  pity  5  not  a  jot  the  other, 
Being  a  murth'rer,  tho'  he  were  my  brother. 

Enter  Claudio. 

Look,  here's  the  Warrant,  Claudio^  for  thy  death  5 
'Tis  now  dead  midnight,  and  by  eight  to  morrow 
Thou  muft  be  made  immortal.  Where's  Barnardine  ? 

Claud.  As  fad  lock'd  up  in  fleep,  as  guiltlefs  labour 
When  it  lyes  ftarkly  in,  the  traveller's  bones  : 
He'll  not  awake. 

Prov.  Who  can  do  Good  on  him  ?' 
Well,  go,  prepare  your  felf.    [Ex.  Claud.]  But,  hark, 
what  noife  f  [Knock  within. 

Heav'n  give  your  fpirits  comfort !  — by  and  by  5  — 
I  hope,  it  is  fome  Pardon,  or  Reprieve, 
For  the  moil  gentle  Claudio.     Welcome,  father. 

Enter  Duke. 

Duke.  The  befl:  and  wholefom'ft  fpirits  of  the  night 
Invellop  you,  good  Provofi  !  who  call'cL  here  of  late  ? 
Prov.  None,  fincc  the  curphew  rung. 
Duke.  Not  Ifabel  ? 
Prov.  No. 

Duke.  They  will  then,  ere't  be  long. 
Prov.  What  comfort  is  for  Claudio? 
Duke.  There  is  fome  in  hope. 
Prov.  It  is  a  bitter  Deputy. 

(24.)  You  fhall  find  m  yours;]  This  Reading,  I  believe  was  firft  Mr. 
JWs  ;  and  coniequentiy  adopted  by  the  lait  Editor.  The  old  Books 
have  it,  You  Jhall  frd  me  y'are.  -  Very  little  Sagacity  might  have  in- 
ftr  fteH  them,  that  the  Corruption  is  only  in  the  ApoJIropbei  and  that  the 
Po.-;\s  Word  wujare  ;  i.  e.  dextrous  in  the  Office;  a  Word  very  frequent 
in  .our  Author's  Writings.  , 


Measure^/-  Measure.      371 

Duke,  Not  fo,  not  fo>  his  life  is  parallel'd 
Ev'n  with  the  ftroak  and  line  of  his  great  jufticej 
He  doth  with  holy  abftinence  fubdue 
That  in  himfelf,  which  he  fpurs  on  his  Pow'r 
To  qualifie  in  others.     Were  he  meal'd 
With  That,  which  he  correfts,  then  were  he  tyrannous  $ 
But  this  being  fo,  he's  juft.    Now  are  they  come. 

{Knock,  again,     Provoft  goes  out. 
This  is  a  gentle  Provoft  ;  feldom  when 
The  fteeled  goaler  is  the  friend  of  men. 
How  now?  what  noife?  that  fpirit's  pofTeft  with  hafte, 
That  wounds  th'  unrefifting  poftern  with  thefe  ftrokes. 

[Provoft  returns, 

Prov.  There  he  muft  ftay,  until  the  officer 
Arife  to  let  him  in  -y  he  is  call'd  up. 

Duke.  Have  you  no  Countermand  for  Claudio  yet, 
But  he  muft  die  to  morrow? 

Prov.  None,  Sir,  none. 

Duke.  As  near  the  dawning,  Provoft)  as  it  is, 
You  fhall  hear  more  ere  morning. 

Prov.  Happily, 
You  fomething  know  \  yet,  I  believe,  there  comes 
No  Countermand  •,  no  fuch  example  have  we  : 
Befides,  upon  the  very  Siege  of  juftice, 
Lord  Angelo  hath  to  the  publick  ear 
Profeft  the  contrary. 

Enter  a  MeJJenger* 

Duke.  This  is  his  lordfhip's  man. 

Prov.  And  here  comes  Claudio's  Pardon. 

Mejf.  My  lord  hath  fent  you  this  note,  and  by  me 
this  further  charge,  that  you  fwerve  not  from  the 
fmalleft  article  of  it,  neither  in  time,  matter,  or  other 
circumftance.  Good  morrow  -,  for  as  I  take  it,  it  is 
almoft  day. 

Prov.  I  mail  obey  him.  {Exit  MefTen. 

Duke.  This  is  his  Pardon,  purchas'd  by  fuch  fin, 
For  which  the  Pardoner  himfelf  is  in  : 
Hence  hath  offence  his  quick  celerity, 
When  it  is  born  in  high  authority  ; 
When  vice  makes  mercy,  mercy's  fo  extended, 

Bbz'  That, 


57*     Measure  for  Measure. 

That,  for  the  fault's  love,  is  th'  offender  friended. 
NoWj  Sir,  what  news  ? 

Prov.  I  told  you:  lord  Angelo,  be-like,  thinking  me 
remifs  in  mine  office,  awakens  me  with  this  unwonted 
putting  on  j  methinks,  ftrangelyj  for  he  hath  not  us'd 
it  before. 

Duke.  Pray  you,  let's  hear. 

Prov  oft  reads  the  letter. 

UHoatfoever  you  may  hear  to  the  contrary ,  let  Claudio  k 
executed  by  four  of  the .  clocks  and  in  the  afternoon  Bar- 
nard ine :  for  my  better  fat isfaclion,  let  me  have  Claudio'; 
head  fent  me  by  five.  Let  this  be  duly  performed,  with 
a  thought  that  more  depends  on  it  than  we  muft  yet  ddi- 
<uer.  Thus  fail  not  to  do  your  office ,  as  you  will  an fm 
it  at  your  peril. 

What  fay  you  to  this,  Sir? 

Duke.  What  is  that  Bamardiney  who  is  to  be  execu- 
ted in  the  afternoon  ? 

Prov.  A  Bohemian  born  j  but  here  nurft  up  and  bred} 
one,  that  is  a  prifoner  nine  years  old. 

Duke.  How  came  it,  that  the  abfent  Duke  had  not 
either  deliver'd  him  to  his  liberty,  or  executed  him?  I 
have  heard,  it  was  ever  his  manner  to  do  fo. 

Prov.  His  fiiends  ftill  wrought  reprieves  for  him, 
and,  indeed,  his  fad,  'till  now  in  the  government  of 
lord  Jngelo,  came  not  to  an  undoubtful  proof. 

Duke.  Is  it  now  apparent? 

Prov.  Moft  manifeit,  and  not  deny'd  by  himfelf. 

Duke.  Hath  he  born  himfelf  penitently  in  prifon? 
how  feems  he  to  be  touch'd? 

Prov.  A  man  that  apprehends  death  no  more  dread- 
fully, but  as  a  drunken  fleepj  carelefs,  recklefs,  and 
Karlefs  of  what's  pair,  prefent,  or  to  comej  infenfiblc 
of  mortality,  and  defperately  mortal. 

Duke.  He  wants  advice. 

Prov.  He  will  hear  none  -y  he  hath  evermore  had 
the  liberty  of  the  prifon  :  give  him   leave  to  efcapc 

hence,   he  would  not :   drunk   many  times   a  day,  l! 

7  not 


Measure/^  Measure.      375 

not  many  days  entirely  drunk.  We  have  very  oft  a- 
wak'd  him,  as  if  to  carry  him  to  execution,  and  fhew'd 
him  a  feeming  Warrant  for  it*  it  hath  not  mov'd  him 
at  all. 

Duke.  More  of  him  anon.  There  is  written  in  your 
brow,  Provoft)  honefty  and  conftancyj  if  I  read  it  not 
truly,  my  ancient  skill  beguiles  me ;  but  in  the  bold- 
nefs  of  my  cunning,  I  will  lay  my  felf  in  hazard.  Claw 
dio9  whom  here  you  have  Warrant  to  execute,  is  no 
greater  forfeit  to  the  law  than  Angelo^  who  hath  fen- 
tenc'd  him.  To  make  you  underftand  this  in  a  mani- 
fefted  effect,  I  crave  but  four  days  refpite;  for  the 
which  you  are  to  do  me  both  a  prefent  and  a  dange- 
rous courtefie. 

Prov.  Pray,  Sir,  in  what  ? 

Duke.  In  the  delaying  death. 

Prov.  Alack!  how  may  I  do  it,  having  the  hour 
limited,  and  an  exprefs  command,  under  penalty,  to 
deliver  his  head  in  the  view  of  Angelo  ?  I  may  make 
my  cafe  as  Claudio's,  to  crofs  this  in  the  fmalleft. 

Duke.  By  the  vow  of  mine  Order,  I  warrant  you,  if 
my  inftru&ions  may  be  your  guide :  let  this  Barnar- 
dine  be  this  morning  executed,  and  his  head  born  to 
Angelo.  •  • 

Prov.  Angelo  hath  feen  them  both,  and  will  difcover 
the  favour. 

Duke.  Oh,  death's  a  great  difguifer,  and  you  may 
add  to  it  >  fhave  the  head,  and  tie  the  beard,  and  fay 
it  was  the  defire  of  the  penitent  to  be  fo  barb'd  before 
his  death  5  you  know  the  courfe  is  common.  If  any 
thing  fall  to  you  upon  this,  more  than  thanks  and 
good  fortune  5  by  the  Saint  whom  I  profefs,  I  will 
plead  againft  it  with  my  life. 

Prov,  Pardon  me,  good  father;  it  is  againft  my 
oath. 

Duke.  Were  you  fworn  to  the  Duke,  or  to  the  De- 
puty? 

Prov.  To  him,  and  to  his  Subftitutes. 

Duke.  You  will  think  you  have  made  no  offence,  if 
the  Duke  avouch  the  juflice  of  your  dealing? 

B  b  3  Prov. 


374     Measure  for  Measure. 

Prov.  But  what  likelihood  is  in  that  ? 

Duke.  Not  a  refemblance,  but  a  certainty.  Yet  fince 
I  fee  you  fearful,  that  neither  my  Coat,  integrity,  nor 
my  perfuafion,  can  with  eafe  attempt  you,  I  will  go 
further  than  I  meant,  to  pluck  all  fears  out  of  you. 
Look  you,  Sir,  here  is  the  hand  and  feal  of  the  Duke  y 
you  know  the  Chara&er,  I  doubt  not ;  and  the  Signet  is 
not  ftrange  to  you. 

.Prov.  I  know  them  both. 

Duke.  The  contents  of  this  is  the  Return  of  the  Duke  3 
you  fhall  anon  over- read  it  at  your  pleafurej  where 
you  fhall  find,  within  thefe  two  days  he  will  be  here. 
This  is  a  thing,  which  Jngelo  knows  not;  for  he  this 
very  day  receives  letters  of  ftrange  tenor-,  perchance, 
of  the  Duke's  death  j  perchance,  of  his  entering  into 
fome  monaftery$  but,  by  chance,  nothing  of  what  is 
writ.  Look,  the  unfolding  ftar  calls  up  the  fhepherd  \ 
put  not  your  felf  into  amazement  how  thefe  things 
fhould  be  5  all  difficulties  are  but  eafie,  when  they  are 
known.  Call  your  executioner,  and  off  with  Bamar-> 
dim's  head  :  I  will  give  him  a  prefent  fhrift,  and  ad- 
vife  him  for  a  better  place.  Yet  you  are  amaz'd,  but 
this  fhall  abiblutely  reiolve  you.  Come  away,  it  is  al- 
moft  clear  dawn.  [_Exe9- 

Enter  Clown. 

Clown.  I  am  as  well  acquainted  here,  as  I  was  in  our 
houfe  of  profeffion ;  one  would  think,  it  were  miftrefs 
Over-don's  own  houfe  5  for  here  be  many  of  her  old 
cuftomers.  Firft,  here's  young  Mr.  Rajh\  he's  in  for 
a  commodity  of  brown  pepper  and  old  ginger,  nine- 
fcore  and  feventeen  pounds ;  of  which  he  made  five 
marks  ready  money:  marry,  then,  ginger  was  not  much 
in  requeft :  for  the  old  women  were  all  dead.  Then 
is  there  here  one  Mr.  Caper,  at  the  fuit  of  mafter  Three- 
Pile  the  mercer  j  for  fome  four  fuits  of  peach-colour'd 
fattin,  which  now  peaches  him  a  beggar.  Then  have 
we  here  young  Dizzy,  and  young  Mr.  Deep-vow,  and 
Mr.  Copper- [pur  ^  and  mafter  Starve-Lacky  the  rapier  and 
dagger-man,  and  young  Dr op- heire  that  kftPd  lutty/W- 

dim 


Measure  for  Measure.     375 

ding)  and  Mr.  Forthlight  the  tilter,  and  brave  Mr.  Shooty 
the  great  traveller,  and  wild  Half-Canne  that  ftabb'd 
Pots,  and,  I  think,  forty  more;  all  great  doers  in  our 
trade,  and  are  now  in  for  the  Lord's  fake. 

Enter  Abhorfon. 

Abhor.  Sirrah,  bring  Barnardine  hither. 

Clown.  Mafter  Barnardine,  you  muft  rife  and  be 
hang'd,  matter  Barnardine. 

Abhor.  What,  hoa,  Barnardine! 

Barnar.  \JVithin^\  A  pox  o'  your  throats;  who 
makes  that  noife  there  ?  what  are  you  ? 

Clown.  Your  friend,  Sir,  the  hangman :  you  muft  be 
fo  good,  Sir,  to  rife,  and  be  put  to  death. 

Barnar.  [Within^]  Away,  you  rogue,  away  ;  I  am 
fleepy„ 

Abhor.  Tell  him,  he  muft  awake,  and  that  quickly 
too. 

Clown.  Pray,  mafter  Barnardine,  awake  'till  you  are 
executed,  and  fleep  afterwards. 

Abhor.  Go  in  to  him,  and  fetch  him  out. 

Clown.  He  is  coming,  Sir,  he  is  coming  \  I  hear  the 
ftraw  ruftle. 

Enter  Barnardine. 

Abhor.  Is  the  ax  upon  the  block,  firrah? 

Clown.  Very  ready,  Sir. 

Barnar*  How  now,  Abhorfon  ?  what's  the  news  with 
you? 

Abhor.  Truly,  Sir,  I  would  defire  you  to  clap  into 
your  prayers  :  for,  look  you,  the  Warrant's  come. 

Barnar.  You  rogue,  1  have  been  drinking  all  night, 
I  am  not  fitted  for't. 

Clown.  Oh,  the  better,  Sir;  for  he  that  drinks  all 
night,  and  is  hang'd  betimes  in  the  morning,  may  fleep 
the  founder  all  the  next  day. 

Enter  Duke. 

Abhor.  Look  you,  Sir,  here  comes  your  ghoftly  fa- 
ther; do  we  jeft  now,  think  you? 

B  b  4  Duke. 


3 ?d     Measure/^  Measure.' 

Duke.  Sir,  induced  by  my  charity,  and  hearing  how 
haftily  you  are  to  depart,  I  am  come  to  advife  you, 
comfort  you,  and  pray  with  you. 

Barnar.  Friar^  not  I :  I  have  been  drinking  hard  all 
night,  and  I  will  have  more  time  to  prepare  me,  or 
they  fhall  beat  out  my  brains  with  billets  :  I  will  not 
confent  to  die  this  day,  that's  certain. 

Duke.  Oh,  Sir,  you  muft ;  and  therefore,  I  befeech 
you,  look  forward  on  the  journey  you  fhall  go. 

Barnar.  I  fwear,  I  will  not  die  to  day  for  any  man's 
perfuafion. 

Duke.  But  hear  you,— — 

Barnar.  Not  a  word:  if  you  have  any  thing  to  fay 
to  me,  come  to  my  Wardj  for  thence  will  not  I  to 
day.  [Exit* 

Enter  Provoft. 
Duke.  Unfit  to  live,  or  die:  oh  gravel  heart! 
After  him,  fellows:  bring  him  to  the  block. 

Prov.  Now,  Sir,  how  do  you  find  the  prifoner? 
Duke.  A  creature  unprepar'd,  unmeet  for  deaths  ' 
And,  to  tranfport  him  in  the  mind  he  is. 
Were  damnable. 

Prov.  Here  in  the  prifon,  father, 
There  dy'd  this  morning  of  a  cruel  fever 
One  Ragozine,  a  moft  notorious  pirate, 
A  man  of  Claudio's  years ;  his  beard,  and  head, 
Juft'of  his  colour:     What  if  we  omit 
This  Reprobate,  'till  he  were  well  inclin'd. 
And  fatisfie  the  Deputy  with  the  vifage 
Of  Ragozine^  more  like  to  Claudio  ? 

Duke.  O,  'tis  an  accident,  that  heav'n  provides : 
Difpatch  it  prefently ;  the  hour  draws  on 
Prefixt  by  Angela:  fee,  this  be  done, 
And  fent  according  to  Command  -,  while  I 
Perfuade  this  rude  wretch  willingly  to  die. 

Prov.  This  fliall  be  done,  good  father,  prefently: 
But  Barnardlne  muft  die  this  afternoon: 
And  how  ihall  we  continue  Claudio, 
To  fave  me  from  the  danger  that  might  come, 
If  he  were  known  alive? 

Duke. 


Measure  for  Measure.      577 

Duke.  Let  this  be  done  > 
Put  them  in  fecret  Holds,  both  Barnardine  and  Claudio : 
Ere  twice  the  fun  hath  made  his  journal  greeting 
To  yonder  generation,  you  fliall  find 
Your  fafety  manifefted. 

Prov.  I  am  your  free  dependant/ 

Duke.  Quick,  difpatch,   and  fend  the  head  to  An" 
gelo.  [Exit  Prov, 

Now  will  I  write  letters  to  dngelo, 
(The  Provoft)  he  fliall  bear  them  5)  whofe  contents; 
Shall  witnefs  to  him,  I  am  near  at  home  5 
And  that,  by  great  injunctions,  I  am  bound 
To  enter  publickly  :  him  I'll  defire  ^ 

To  meet  me  at  the  confecrated  Fount, 
A  league  below  the  city  5  and  from  thence, 
By  cold  gradation  and  weal-ballanc'd  form,    -  — 

"We  fliall  proceed  with  Angelo. 

Enter  Provolt. 

Prov.  Here  is  the  head,  I'll  carry  it  my  felf. 

Duke.  Convenient  is  it:  make  a  fwift  Return  j 
For  I  would  commune  with  you  of  fuch  things, 
That  want  no  ears  but  yours. 

Prov.  I'll  make  all  fpeed.  {Exit. 

Ifab.  \_Withinr\  Peace,  hoa,  be  here! 

Duke.  The  tongue  of  Ifabel. —  She  comes  to  know, 
If  yet  her  brother's  Pardon  be  come  hither: 
But  I  will  keep  her  ign'rant  of  her  good, 
To  make  her  heav'nly  comforts  of  defpair, 
When  it  is  leaf!  expected. 

Enter  Ifabel. 

Ifab.  Hoa,  by  your  leave. 

Duke.   Good    morning   to  you,  fair   and   gracious 

daughter. 
Ifab.  The  better,  giv'n  me  by  fo  holy  a  man : 
Hath  yet  the  Deputy  fent  my  brother's  Pardon  ? 

Duke.  He  hath  releas'd  him,  Ifabel)  from  the  world  5 
His  head  is  off,  and  fent  to  Angelo. 
Ifab.  Nay,  but  it  is  not  fo. 

Duke. 


378     Measure^  Measure. 

Duke.  It  is  no  other. 
Shew  your  wifdom,  daughter,  in  your  clofeft  patience. 

Ifab.  Oh,  I  will  to  him,  and  pluck  out  his  eyes. 

Duke.  You  fhall  not  be  admitted  to  his  fight. 

I  fab.  Unhappy  Claudio^  wretched  Ifabel! 
Injurious  world,  mod  damned  Angelol 

Duke.  This  nor  hurts  him,  nor  profits  you  a  jot : 
Forbear  it  therefore,  give  your  Caufe  to  heav'n  : 
Mark,  what  I  fay  5  which  you  fhall  furely  find 
By  ev'ry  fy liable  a  faithful  verity. 
The  Duke  comes  home  to  morrow;  dry  your  eyesj 
One  of  our  Convent,  and  his  Confeflbr, 
Gives  me  this  inilance :  already  he  hath  carry'd 
Notice  to  Efcalus  and  Angelo^ 
Who  do  prepare  to  meet  him  at  the  gates, 
There  to  give  up  their  Pow'r.     If  you  can,  pace  your 

wifdom 
In  that  good  path  that  I  would  wifh  it  go, 
And  you  fhall  have  your  bofom  on  this  wretch, 
Grace  of  the  Duke,  revenges  to  your  heart, 
And  gen'ral  honour. 

Ifab.  I'm  directed  by  you. 

Duke.  This  letter  then  to  Friar  Peter  give  5 
5Tis  That  he  fent  m£  of  the  Duke's  Return : 
Say,  by  this  token,  I  defire  his  company 
At  Mariana's  houfe  to  night.     Her  Caufe  and  yours 
I'll  perfect  him  withal,  and  he  fhall  bring  you 
Before  the  Duke  j  and  to  the  head  of  Angelo 
Accufe  him  home,  and  home.     For  my  poor  felf, 
I  am  combined  by  a  facred  vow, 
And  fhall  be  abfent.     Wend  you  with  this  letter; 
Command  thefe  fretting  waters  from  your  eyes 
With  a  light  heart  j  truft  not  my  holy  Order, 
If  I  pervert  your  courfe.     Who's  here? 

Enter  Lucio. 

Lucio.  Good  even-, 
Friar,  where's  the  Provofi  ? 
Duke.  Not  within.  Sir. 

Lucie. 


MeasurI  /^r  Measure.     379 

Lucio.  Oh,  pretty  Ifabella,  I  am  pale  at  mine  heart 
to  fee  thine  eyes  fo  red ;  thou  muft  be  patient  3  I  am 
fain  to  dine  and  fup  with  water  and  bran*  I  dare  not 
for  my  head  fill  my  belly :  one  fruitful  meal  would 
fet  me  to't.  But,  they  fay,  the  Duke  will  be  here  to 
morrow.  By  my  troth,  Ifabel,  I  lov'd  thy  brother: 
if  the  old  fantaftical  Duke  of  dark  corners  had  been 
at  home,  he  had  lived.  \_Ex.  Ifabella. 

Duke.  Sir,  the  Duke  is  marvellous  little  beholden  to 
your  reports  >  but  the  beft  is,  he  lives  not  in  them. 

Lucio.  Friar^  thou  knoweft  not  the  Duke  fo  well  as 
I  doj  he's  a  better  woodman,  than  thou  tak'ft  him  for. 

Duke.  Well  5  you'll  anfwer  this  one  day.  Fare  ye 
well. 

Lucio.  Nay,  tarry,  I'll  go  along  with  thee:  I  car* 
tell  thee  pretty  tales  of  the  Duke. 

Duke.  You  have  told  me  too  many  of  him  already, 
Sir,  if  they  be  true*  if  not  true,  none  were  enough. 

Lucio.  I  was  once  before  him  for  getting  a  wench 
with  child. 

Duke.  Did  you  fuch  a  thing? 

Lucio.  Yes,  marry,  did  I  j  but  I  was  fain  to  forfwear 
it  j  they  would  elfe  have  marry'd  me  to  the  rotten 
medlar. 

Duke.  Sir,  your  company  is  fairer  than  honeft:  reft 
you  well. 

Lucio.  By  my  troth,  I'll  go  with  thee  to  the  lane's 
end:  if  bawdy  Talk  offend  you,  we'll  have  very  ilittle 
of  it ;  nay,  Friar,  I  am  a  kind  of  bur,  I  fhall  flick. 

[Exeunt, 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Palace. 

Enter  Angelo  and  Efcalus. 

Efcal.T^  VERY  letter,  he  hath  writ,  hath  difvouch'd 
S2j  other. 
Ang.  In  moft  uneven  and  diffracted  manner.  His 
aftions  ffiew  much  like  to  madnefs :  pray  heav'n,  his 
wifdom  be  not  tainted:  and  why  meet  him  at  the 
gates,  and  deliver  our  authorities  there  ? 

Efcal. 


380     Measure  for  Measure. 

EfcaL  I  guefs  not. 

Ang.  And  why  fliould  we  proclaim  it  in  an  hour 
before  his  entring,  that  if  any  crave  redrefs  of  injuftice, 
they  lhould  exhibit  their  petitions  in  the  ftreet  ? 

EfcaL  He  fliews  his  reafon  for  that  5  to  have  a  dip- 
patch  of  complaints,  and  to  diliver  us  from  devices 
hereafter,  which  fhall  then  have  no  power  to  ftand  a^ 
gainft  us. 

Ang.  Well  ;  I  befeech  you,  let  it  be  proclaimed  be- 
times i'th5  morn ;  I'll  call  you  at  your  houfe :  give 
notice  to  fuch  men  of  Sort  and  Suit,  as  are  to  meet 

him. 

EfcaL  I  fhall,  Sir :  fare  you  well.  [Exit. 

Ang.  Good  night. 
This  Deed  unfhapes  me  quite,  makes  me  unpregnant, 
And  dull  to  all  proceedings.  A  defloured  maid! 
And  by  an  eminent  body,  that  cnforc'd 
The  Law  againft  it !  but  that  her  tender  fliamc 
Will  not  proclaim  againft  her  maiden  lofs, 
How  might  {he  tongue  me?  yet  reafon  dares  her  :  (if) 
For  my  authority  bears  a  credent  Bulk ; 
That  no  particular  fcandal  once  can  touch, 
But  it  confounds  the  breather.   He  fhould  have  liv'd, 
Save  that  his  riotous  youth,  with  dangerous  fenfe, 
Might  in  the  times  to  come  have  ta'en  revenge ; 
By  fo  receiving  a  difhonour'd  life, 
With  ranfom  of  fuch  fhame.  Would  yet,  he  had  liv'd  \ 
Alack,  when  once  our  grace  we  have  forgot, 
TSf othing  goes  right  j  we  would,  and  we  would  not* 

[Exit. 

(2r)  ^ .yet  reafon' dares  her  :]  The  old  Folio  ImprefTions  read, 

jet  Reafon  dares  her  no  :  —  perhaps,  dares  her  Note  :  i.  e.  flifles  her 
Voice  ;  frights  her  from  fpeaking.  In  this  Senfe,  our  Author  ufes  the 
Word  dare,  again,  in  his  Henry  VIII. 

Fareivel,  Nobility!  Let  his  Grace  go  forward^ 
And  dare  us  with  his  Cap,  like  Larks. 


SCENE 


Measure/^  Measure;     381    x 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Fields  without  the 

Town. 

Enter  Duke  in  his  own  habit  \  and  Friar  Peter, 

Duke.  Hp  H  E  S  E  letters  at  fit  time  deliver  me. 

X    The  Provoft  knows  our  purpofe,  and  our 
plot: 
The  matter  being  afoot,  keep  your  inftru&ion, 
And  hold  you  ever  to  our  fpecial  drift ; 
Tho'  fometimes  you  do  blench  from  this  to  that, 
As  caufe  doth  mini  iter  :  go,  call  at  Flavins'"  houfe, 
And  tell  him,  where  I  flay  $  give  the  like  notice 
Unto  Valentius,  Rowland^  and  to  Craffus^ 
And  bid  them  bring  the  trumpets  to  the  gate  ; 
But  fend  me  Flavius  firft. 
Peter.  It  ihall  be  fpeeded  well.  [Exit  Friar. 

Enter  Varrius. 

Duke.  I  thank  thee,  Varrius  5  thou  haft  made  good 
hafte  : 
Come,  we  will  walk.    There^s  other  of  our  friends 
Will  greet  us  here  anon,  my  gentle  Varrius.     {Exeunt. 

Enter  Ifabella  and  Mariana. 

lfab.  To  fpeak  fo  indirectly,  I  am  loth : 
I'd  fay  the  truth  3  but  to  accufe  him  fo, 
That  is  your  Part  j  yet  I'm  advis'd  to  do  it, 
He  fays,  t'availful  purpofe.  (26) 

Mart.  Be  rul'd  by  him. 

Ifab.  Befides,  he  tells  me,  that  if  peradventure 
He  fpeak  again  ft  me  on  the  adverfe  fide, 
I  mould  not  think  it  ftrangej  for  'tis  a  phyfick, 
That's  bitter  to  fweet  end. 

Mart.  I  would,  Friar  Peter » 

(26)  He  fays  to  vail  full  purpofe.]  Thus  the  old  Copies.  I  don't 
know,  what  Idea  our  Editors  form'd  to  themfelves,  of  wailing  full Pur-" 
pofe  ,  but,  I'm  perfuaded,  the  Poet  meant,  as  I  have  reltor'd ;  mix.  to 
a  Purpofe  that  will  ftand  us  in  Head,  that  will  profit  us. 

Ifab. 


5  8  z     Measure  for  Measure, 

I  fab.  Oh,  peace  5  the  Friar  is  come. 

Enter  Peter. 

Peter.  Come,  I  have  found  you  out  a  Stand  moft  fit, 
Where  vou  may  have  fuch  vantage  on  the  Duke, 
He  fhall  not  pafs   you.     Twice   have   the    trumpets 

founded  : 
The  generous  and  graveft  citizens 
Have  hent  the  gates,  and  very  near  upon  (27) 
The  Duke  is  entring :  therefore  hence,  away.     {Exeunt. 


A    C    T      V. 

SCENE,^  publtck  Place  near  the  City. 

Enter  Duke,  Varrius,  Lords,  Angelo,   Efcalus, 
Lucio,  and  Citizens  at  fever al  doors. 

Duke. 

MY  very  worthy  Coufin,  fairly  met* 
Our  old  and  faithful  friend,  we're  glad  to  fee 
you. 
Ang.  and  Efcal.  Happy  Return  be  to  your  royal  Grace ! 

(27)  Have  hent  the  Gates,  — ]     An  anonymous  Correfpondent  advis'd 
me  to  read ; 

Have  hemm'd  the  Gates,  • 
But,  I  apprehend,  there  is  no  Occafion  for  any  Change.  To  hen/, 
Skinner  and  fome  other  Gloffaries  tell  us,  fignifies,  to  feize,  lay  hold 
on  with  the  hand ;  but  we  find  by  Spenfer,  in  his  Colin  Clout,  that  it 
likewife  fignifies,  to  furround,  encircle;  (in  which  Senfes  it  is  ufed  here.) 
From  thence  another  World  of  Land  we  ketfd, 

Floating  amid  the  Sea  in  Jeopardy ; 
And  round  about  with  mighty  white  Rods  hend, 
Again/}  the  Seas  encroaching  Cruelty. 
We  meet  with  the  Word  again,  in  its  firit  Acceptation,  in  our  Author'* 
Winter's  Tale. 

Jog  on,  jog  on,  the  foot-path  Way% 

And  merrily  hent  the  Stile-a  : 
A  merry  Heart  goes  all  the  day, 
Tour  fad  tires  in  a  mili-m 

Duke. 


Measure/^  Measure.     383 

Duke.  Many  and  hearty  thanks  be  to  you  both  : 
WeVe  made  enquiry  of  you,  and  we  hear 
Such  goounefs  of  your  juftice,  that  our  foul 
Cannot  but  yield  you  forth  to  publick  thanks, 
Forerunning  more  requital. 

jing.  You  make  my  bonds  ftill  greater. 

Duke.  Oh,  your  defert   fpeaks  loud  5  and  I  fhould 
wrong  it, 
To  lock  it  in  the  wards  of  covert  bofom, 
When  it  deferves  with  characters  of  brafs 
A  forted  refidence,  'gainft  the  tooth  of  time 
And  razure  of  oblivion.     Give  me  your  hand, 
And  let  the  Subjects  fee,  to  make  them  know 
That  outward  courtefies  would  fain  proclaim 
Favours  that  keep  within.     Come,  Efcalus* 
You  mult  walk  by  us  on  our  other  hand  : 
And  good  Supporters  are  you.  \jis  the  Duke  is  going  ouf, 

Enter  Peter  and  Ifabella. 

Peter.   Now   is  your  time:   fpeak  loud,  and  kneel 
before  him. 

I  fab.  Juftice,  O  royal  Duke  5  vail  your  regard 
Upon  a  wrong'd,  I'd  fain  have  faid,  a  maid  : 
Oh,  worthy  Prince,  difhonour  not  your  eye 
By  throwing  it  on  any  other  objecT:, 
'Till  you  have  heard  me  in  my  true  complaint, 
And  given  me  juftice,  juftice,  juftice,  juftice. 

Duke.  Relate  your  wrongs 5  in  what,  by  whom?  be 
brief  : 
Here  is  lord  Angelo  mall  give  you  juftice^ 
Reveal  your  felf  to  him. 

lfab.  Oh,  worthy  Duke, 
You  bid  me  feek  Redemption  of  the  Devil: 
Hear  me  your  felf  5  for  that  which  I  muft  fpeak 
Muft  either  punifh  me,  not  being  believ'd, 
Or  wring  redrefs  from  you  :  oh,  hear  me,  hear  me. 

Ang.  My  lord,  her  Wits,  I  fear  me,  are  not  firm: 
She  hath  been  a  fuitor  to  me  for  her  brother, 
Cut  off  by  courfe  of  juftice. 

If  ah. 


j&4     Measure  for  Measure. 

I  fab.  Caurfe  of  juftice ! 

Ang.  And  fhe  will  fpeak  moft  bitterly,  and  ftrange.  (i&) 

Ifab.  Moft  ftrange,  but  yet  moft  truly,  will  I  fpeak  j 
That  Angeloys  forfworn :  is  it  riot  ftrange  ? 
That  Angelo's  a  murth'rer :  is'c  not  ftrange  ? 
That  Angela  is  an  adult'rous  thie£ 
An  hypocrite,  a  virgin-violater : 
Is  it  not  ftrange  and  ftrange  ? 

Duke.  Nay,  it  is  ten  times  ftrange. 

Ifab.  It  is  not  truer  he  is  Angelo, 
Than  this  is  all  as  true,  as  it  is  ftrange : 
Nay,  it  is  ten  times  true  5  for  truth  is  truth 
To  ths  end  of  reckoning. 

Duke.  Away  with  her:  poor  foul, 
She  fpeaks  this  in  th'  infirmity  of  fenfe. 

Ifab.  O  Prince,  I  conjure  thee,  as  thou  believ'ft 
There  is  another  comfort  than  this  world, 
That  thou  negleft  me  not*  with  that  opinion 
That  I  am  touch'd  with  madnefs.  Make  not  impoffiblc 
That,  which  but  feems  unlike  >  'tis  not  impoflible, 
But  one,  the  wicked'ft  caitiff  on  the  ground, 
May  kem  as  my,  as  grave,  as  juft,  as  abfolute, 
As  Angelo  >  even  fo  may  Angelo, 
In  all  his  dreffings,  carafts,  titles,  forms, 
Be  an  arch-villain :  believe  it,  royal  Prince, 
If  he  be  lefs,  he's  nothing  j  but  he's  more, 
Had  I  more  name  for  badnefs. 

Duke.  By  mine  honefty, 
If  ftie  be  mad,  as  I  believe  no  other, 
Her  madnefs  hath  the  oddeft  frame  of  fenfe  $ 
Such  a  dependency  of  thing  on  thing, 
As  e'er  I  heard  in  madnefs. 

Ifab.  Gracious  Duke, 

(28)  And  Jhe  nvill  fpeak  moft  Utterly.]  Thus  is  the  Verfc  left  im- 
perfect by  Mr.  Rowc  and  Mr.  Pope;  tho'  the  old  Copies  all  fill  it  up, 
as  I  have  done.  I  have  rciror'd  an  infinite  Number  of  fuch  PafTagci 
tacitly  from  the  firft  Impreffions :  but  I  thought  proper  to  take  notice, 
once  for  all,  here,  that  as  Mr.  Pope  follows  Mr.  Rowe's  Edition  in  his 
Errors  and  Omiilions,  it  gives  great  Sufpicion,  notvvithiianding  the 
pretended  Collation  or  Copies,  that  Mr.  Pope,  for  the  Generality,  took 
Mr.  Rewil  Edition  a*  his  Guide. 

Harp 


Measure /flr  Measure."     j8j 

tiarp  not  on  That ;  nor  do  not  banifh  reafon 
for  inequality  j  but  let  your  reafon  ferve 
To  make  the  truth  appear,  where  it  feems  hidj 
Not  hide  the  falfc,  feems  true. 

Duke.  Many,  that  are  not  mad, 
Have,  fure,  more  lack  of  reafon. 
What  would  you  fay  ? 

Ifab.  I  am  the  fitter  of  one  Claudia^ 
Condemn'd  upon  the  A£t  of  fornication 
To  lofe  his  head  >  condemn'd  by  Angelo : 
I,  in  probation  of  a  fifterhood,  * 

Was  fent  to  by  my  brother  5  one  Lucio9 
As  then  the  meffenger,  ■ 

Lucio.  That's  I,  an't  like  your  Grace: 
I  came  to  her  from  Claudw>  and  defir'd  her 
To  try  her  gracious  fortune  with  lord  Angeio^ 
For  her  poor  brother's  Pardon; 

Ifab.  That's  he,  indeed. 

Duke.  You  were  not  bid  to  fpeak.  [fo  LuciOi 

Lucio.  No,  my  good  lord,  nor  wHh'd  to  hold  my 
peace. 

Duke.  I  wifh  you  now  then  j 
Pray  you,  take  note  of  it :  and  when  you  have 
A  bufinefs  for  your  felf,  pray  heav'n,  you  then 
Be  perfect 

Lucio.  I  warrant  your  Honour. 

Duke.  The  warrant's  for  your  felf  5  take  heed  to't* 

Ifab.  This  gentleman  told  fomewhat  of  my  tale. 

Lucio.  Right. 

Duke.  It  may  be  right,  but  you  are  in  the  wrong 
To  fpeak  before  your  time.     Proceed. 

Ifab.  I  went 
To  this  pernicious  caitiff  Deputy. 

Duke.  That's  fomewhat  madly  fpoken. 

Ifab.  Pardon  it: 
The  phrafe  is  to  the  matter. 

Duke.  Mended  again:  the  matter;  — proceed, 

Ifab.  In  brief ;  (to  fet  the  needlefs  Procefs  by, 
How  I  perfuaded,  how  I  pray'd  and  kneel'd, 
How  he  repell'd  me,  and  how  I  reply'd  5 

Vol.  L  C  c  For 


}3<f     Measure  for  Measure,1 

For  this  was  of  much  length)  the  vile  conclufion 

J  now  begin  with  grief  and  fhame  to  utter. 

He  would  not,  but  by  gift  of  my  chafte  body 

To  his  concupifcent  intemp'rate  luft, 

Releafe  my  brother ;  and  after  much  debatement, 

My  Utterly  Remorfe  confutes  mine  Honour, 

And  I  did  yield  to  him :  But  the  next  morn  betimes, 

His  purpofe  forfeiting,  he  fends  a  Warrant 

For  my  poor  brother's  head. 

Duke     This  is  moft  likely*! 

Ifab.  Oh,  that  it  were  as  like,  as  it  is  true ! 

Duke.   By  heav'n,  fond  wretch,  thou  know'ft  not 
what-  thou  fpeak'ft ; 
Or  elfe  thou  art  fuborn'd  againft  his  honour 
In  hateful  practice.     Firft,  his  integrity 
Stands  without  blemifhj  next,  it  imports  no  reafon, 
Thar  with  fuch  vehemence  he  (hould  purfue 
Faults  proper  to  himfelf :  if  he  had  fo  offended, 
He  would  have  weigh'd  thy  brother  by  himfelf, 
And  not  have  cut  him  off.  Some  one  hath  fet  you  on 5 
Confefs  the  truth,  and  fay,  by  whofe  advice 
Thou  cam'fl:  here  to  complain. 

Ifab.  And  is  this  all? 
Then,  oh,  you  bleffed  minifters  above  ! 
Keep  me  in  patience ;  and  with  ripen'd  time, 
Unfold  the  evil  which  is  here  wrapt  up 
In  countenance:  Heav'n  fhield  your  .Grace  from  woe, 
As  I,  thus  wrong'd,  hence  unbelieved  go. 

Duke.  I  know  you'd  fain.be  gone.    An  Officer  ; 
To  prifon  with  her.     Shall  we  thus  permit 
A  blafting  and  a  fcandalous  breath  to  fall 
On  him  fo  near  us  ?  this  needs  mull:  be  a  pra&ice. 
Who  knew  of  your  intent,  and  coming  hither? 

Ifab.  One  that  I  would  were  here,  Friar  Lodowick. 

Duke.  A  ghoftly  father,  belike  : 
Who  knows  that  Lodowick? 

Lucio.  My  lord,  I  know  him-,  'tis  a  medling  Friar; 
I  do  not  like  the  man;  had  he  been  Lay,  my  lord, 
For  certain  words  he  fpake  againft  your  Grace 
In  your  retirement,  1  had  fwing'd  him  foundly. 

Duke. 


Measure  for  Measure.'     % 

Duke.  Words  againft  me  ?  this  is  a  good  Friar  ^  belike* 
And  to  fet  on  this  wretched  woman  here 
Againft  our  Subftitute  !  let  this  Friar  be  found. 

Lucio.  But  yefternight,  my  lord,  fhe  and  that  Friar  * 
I  faw  them  at  the  prifon  :  a  fawcy  Friar ^ 
A  very  fcurvy  fellow. 

Peter.  Bleffed  be  your  royal  Grace  ! 
I  have  flood  by,  my  lord,  and  I  have  heard 
Your  royal  ear  abus'd.     Firft,  hath  this  womaii 
Moft  wrongfully  accus'd  your  Subftitute ; 
Who  is  as  free  from  touch  or  foil  with  her. 
As  ihe  from  one  ungot. 

Duke.  We  did  believe  no  lefs. 
Know  you  that  Friar  Lodowick^  which  fhe  fpeaks  of? 

Peter.  I  know  him  for  a  man  divine  and  holy* 
Not  fcurvy,  nor  a  temporary  medler, 
As  he's  reported  by  this  gentleman ; 
And,  on  my  Truft,  a  man  that  never  yet 
Did,  as  he  vouches,  mifreport  your  Grace. 

Lucio.  My  lord,  moft  villanoufly  >  believe  it. 

Peter.  Well*  he  in  time  may  come  to  clear  himfelf$ 
But  at  this  inftant  he  is  fick,  my  lord, 
Of  a  ftrange  fever.    On  his  meer  requeft, 
(Being  come  to  knowledge  that  there  was  Complaint 
Intended  'gainft  lord  Angelo)  came  I  hither 
To  fpeak  as  from  his  mouth,  what  he  doth  know 
Is  true,  and  falfej  and  what  he  with  his  oath 
By  all  Probation  will  make  up  full  clear, 
Whenever  he's  conven'd.     Firft,  for  this  woman  3 
To  juftifie  this  worthy  Nobleman, 
So  vulgarly  and  perfonally  accus'd, 
Her  mail  you  hear  difproved  to  her  eyes, 
'Till  fhe  her  felf  confefs  it. 

Duke.  Good  Friar,  let's  hear  it. 
Do  you  not  fmile  at  this,  lord  Angelo? 
O  heav'n  !  the  vanity  of  wretched  fools !  -— » 
Give  us  fome  feats  j  come,  Coufin  Angelo  ^  (ip) 

G  c  2  In 

1 29)    — ■ *•« —  come,   coujtn  Angelo* 

In  this  Til  he  impartial  *.  be  you  judge 

0/ 


3 8 S     Measure  for  Measure. 

In  this  I  will  be  partial  :  be  you  Judge 

Of  your  own  Caufe.     Is  this  the  witnefs,  Friar? 

[Ifabella  is  carried  off,  guarded. 

Enter  Mariana  veiVd. 

Firft,  let  her  fhevv  her  face  5  and  after,  fpeak. 

Mori.  Pardon,  my  lord,  I  will  not  fhew  my  face, 
Until  mv  husband  bid  me. 

Duke.  What,  are  you  marry'd? 

Mart.  No,  my  lord. 

Duke.  Are  you  a  maid? 

Mari.  No,  my  lord. 

Duke.  A  widow  then? 

Mari.  Neither,  my  lord. 

Duke.  Why,   are  you  nothing  then?   neither  maid, 
widow,  nor  wife? 

Lucie.  My  lord,   me  may  be  a  punk;  for  many  of 
them  are  neither  maid,  widow,  nor  wife. 

Duke.  Silence  that  fellow:    I   would,  he  had  fome 
caufe  to  prattle  for  himfelf. 

Lucio.  Well,  my  lord. 

Mari.  My  lord,  I  do  confefs,  I  ne'er  was  marry'd  $ 
And,  I  confefs  befides,  I  am  no  maid  -, 
I've  known  my  husband  5  yet  my  husband  knows  not, 
That  ever  he  knew  me. 

Lucio.  He  was  drunk  then,  my  lord  -,    it  can  be  no 
better. 

Duke,  For  the  benefit  of  filence,  would  thou  wert 
fo  too. 

Lucio.  Well,  my  lord. 

Duke.  This  is  no  witnefs  for  lord  Angelo. 

Of  your  otvn  Caufe.']  Surely,  this  Duke  had  odd  Notions  of 
Impartiality ;  to  profeis  it,  and  then  commit  the  Decifion  of  a  Caufe  to  the 
Perfon  accus'd  of  being  the  Criminal.  He  talks  much  more  rationally 
on  this  Affair,  when  he  fpeaks  in  the  Character  of  the  Friar. 

■  The  Duke's  unjuit, 

Thus  to  reto-rt  your  manifejl  Appeal ; 

And  put  your  Trial  in  the  Villains  mouth, 

Which  here  you  come  f  aecufe. 

I  think,  there  needs  no  ftronger  Authority  ^p  convince,  that  the  Poet 
mull  have  wrote  as  I  have  corrected ; 

In  this  I  will  be  partial; 

Mari. 


Measure^  Measure,     38? 

Mart.  Now  I  come  to't,  my  lord. 
Sh«,  that  accufes  him  of  fornication, 
In  felf-fame  manner  doth  accufe  my  husband  ; 
And  charges  him,  my  lord,  with  fuch  a  time, 
When  I'll  depofe  I  had  him  in  mine  arms, 
With  allth'effecTroflove. 

Ang.  Charges  ihe  more  than  me  ? 

Marl.  Not  that  I  know. 

Duke.  No?  you  fay,  your  husband.         \fo  Mariana, 

Mart.  Why,  juft,  my  lord*  and  that  is  Angelo-, 
Who  thinks,  he  knows,  that  he  ne'er  knew  my  body  j 
But  knows,  he  thinks,  that  he  knows  IfabeVs. 

Ang.  This  is  a  flrange  abufe  5  let's  fee  thy  face. 

Man.  My  husband  bids  me  5  now  I  will  unmask. 

[Unveiling* 
This  is  that  face,  thou  cruel  Angelo^ 
Which  once  thou  fwor'ft,  was  worth  the  looking  on; 
This  is  the  hand,  which,  wich  a  vow'd  contract, 
Was  fa  ft  belock'd  in  thine:  this  is  the  body, 
That  took  away  the  match  from  Ifabeh, 
And  did  fupply  thee  at  thy  garden-haufe 
In  her  imagin'd  perfon. 

Duke.  Know  you  this  woman? 

Lucio.  Carnally,  fhe  fays. 

Duke.  Sirrah,  no  more. 

Lucio.  Enough,  my  lord, 

Ang.  My  lord,  I  muft  confefs,  I  know  this,  woman  5 
And  five  years  fince  there  was  fome  fpeech  of  marriage 
Betwixt  my  felf  and  her  j  which  was  broke  off. 
Partly,  for  that  her  promifed  proportions 
Came  fhort  of  compofition  j  but,  in  chief, 
For  that  her  Reputation  was  dif-valu'd 
In  levityj  fince  which  time  of  five  years 
I  never  fpake  with  her,  faw  her,  nor  heard  from  her, 
Upon  my  faith  and  honour. 

Mart.  Noble  Prince, 
As  there  comes  light  from   heav'n,   and  word*,  from 

breath, 
As  there  is  fenfe  in  truth,  and  truth  in  virtue, 
J  am  affiune'd  this  man's  wife,  as  ftrongly 

C  c  j  A* 


$po     Measure  for  Measure^ 

As  words  could  make  up  vows :  and,  my  good  lord, 
But  Tuefday  night  laft  gone,  in's  garden- houfe, 
He  knew  me  as  a  wife ;  as  this  is  true, 
Let  me  in  fafety  raife  me  from  my  knees  j 
Or  elfe  for  ever  be  confixed  here, 
A*  marble  monument, 

Ang.  1  did  but  fmile  'till  now. 
Now,  good  my  lord,  give  me  the  fcope  of  juftice  5 
My  patience  here  is  touch'dj  I  do  perceive, 
Thefe  poor  informal  women  are  no  more 
But  inftruments  of  fome  more  mightier  member, 
That  fets  them  on.    Let  me  have  way,  my  lord, 
To  find  this  practice  out. 

Duke.  Ay,  with  my  heart  > 
And  punifh  them  unto  your  height  of  pleafure. 
Thou  foolifh.  Friar )  and  thou  pernicious  woman, 
Compact  with  her  that's   gone  5    think'ft  thou,  thy 

oaths, 
Tho'  they  would  fvvear  down  each  particular  Saint, 
Were  teilimonies  'gainfl:  his  worth  and  credit, 
That's  feal'd  in  approbation?  You,  lord  Efcalus* 
Sit  with  my  Coufin y  lend  him  your  kind  pains 
To  find  out  this  abufe,  whence  'tis  deriv'd. 
There  is  another  Friar*  that  fet  them  on  5 
Let  him  be  fent  for. 

Peter.  Would  he  were  here,  my  lord  ;  for  he,  indeed, 
Hath  fet  the  women  on  to  this  complaint : 
Your  Provoft  knows  the  place,  where  he  abides  j 
And  he  may  fetch  him. 

Duke.  Go,  do  it  inftantly. 
And  you,  my  noble  and  well-warranted  Coufin, 
Whom  it  concerns  to  hear  this  matter  forth  ; 
Do  with  your  injuries,  as  feems  you  beft, 
In  any  chaftifemenn :  I  for  a  while 
Will  leave  you*  but  Mir  not  you,  'till  you  have  well 
Determined  upon  thefe  flanderers.  [Exit. 

Eftal.  My  lord,  we'll  do  it  throughly.  S\gx\\or  Lucio^ 
d:d  not  you  fay,  you  knew  that  Friar  Lodowick  to  be  a 
diihoneft  perfon  ? 

Lucia,  Cue  alius  non  facit  wonachum,  honed  in  nothing, 

but 


Measure  for  Measure.     391 

but  in  his  cloaths j  and  one  that  hath  fpoke  moft  villas 
nous  fpeeches  of  the  Duke. 

Efcal.  We  fhall  intreat  you  to  abide  here  'till  he 
come,  and  inforce  them  againft  him  >  we  fhall  find  this 
Friar  a  notable  fellow. 

Lucio.  As  any  in  Vienna^  on  my  word. 

Efcal.  Call  that  fame  Ifabel  here  once  again ;  I  would 
fpeak  with  her :  pray  you,  my  lord,  give  me  leave  to 
queftionj  you  (hall  fee  how  I'll  handle  her. 

Lucio.  Not  better  than  he,  by  her  own  report. 

Efcal.  Say  you  ? 

Lucio.  Marry,  Sir,  I  think,  if  you  handled  her  private- 
ly, me  mould  fooner  confefs  -,  perchance,  publickly 
fhe'll  be  alham'd. 

ftnter  Duke  in  the  Friar  s  habit^  and  Provoft  j  Ifabella 

is  brought  in. 

Efcal.  I  will  go  darkly  to  work  with  her. 
Lucio.  That's  the  way  5  for  women  are  light  at  mid* 
night. 

EfcaL  Come  on,  miftrefs:  here's  a  gentlewoman  de* 
nies  all  that  you  have  faid. 

Lucio.  My  lord,  here  comes  the  rafcal  I  fpoke  of, 
here  with  the  Provoft. 

EfcaL  In  very  good  time:  fpeak  not  you  to  him, 
'till  wc  call  upon  you. 

Lucio.  Mum. 

Efcal.  Come,  Sir,  did  you  fet  thefe  women  on  to 
flander  lord  Angelo?  they  have  confefs'd,  you  did. 

Duke.  'Tis  falfe. 

Efcal.  How  ?  know  you  where  you  are  ? 

Duke.  Refpect  to  your  great  Place  \  and  let  the  devil 
Be  fometime  honour'd  for  his  burning  throne. 
Where  is  the  Duke?  'tis  he  fhould  hear  me  fpeak. 

Efcal.  The  Duke's  in  us  5  and  we  willhearyou  fpeak  : 
Look,  you  fpeak  juflly. 

Duke.  Boldly,  at  leaft.     But  oh,  poor  fouls, 
Come  you  to  feek  the  lamb  here  of  the  fax  ? 
Good  night  to  your  redrefs  :  is  the  Duke  gone? 
Then  is  )  our  Caufe  gone  too.     The  Duke's  unjuft, 

C  c  4  Thui 


$9t      Me  as  u  re  for  Measure, 

Thus  to  retort  your  manifeft  Appeal  j 

And  put  your  Tryal  in  the  Villain's  mouth, 

"Which  here  you  come  to  accufe. 

Luck.  This  is  the  rafcal*  this  is  he,  I  fpoke  of. 
Efcal.  Why,  thou  unrev'rend  and  unhallow'd  Friar % 
Is't  not  enough  thou  hafl  fuborn'd  thefe  women 
T'accufe  this  worthy  man,  but  with  foul  mouth, 
And  in  the  witnefs  of  his  proper  ear, 
To  call  him  villain ;  and  then  glance  from  him 
To  th*  Duke  himfelf,  to  tax  him  with  injuftice? 
Take  him  hence;  to  th' Rack  with  him:  we'll  touze  you 
Joint  by  joint,  but  we  will  know  his  purpofe: 
What?  unjuft? 
Duke.   Be  not  fo    hot  5   the  Duke  dare   no  more 
ftretch 
This  finger  of  mine,  than  he  dare  rack  his  own: 
His  Subject  am  I  not, 

Nor  here  provincial  5  my  bufinefs  in  this  ftate 
Made  me  a  looker  on  here  in  Vienna ; 
Where  I  have  feen  corruption  boil  and  bubble, 
'Till  it  o'er-run  the  flew:  laws,  for  all  faults 5 
But  faults  fo  countenanced,  that  the  ftrong  Statutes 
§cand  like  the  forfeits  in  a  barber's  (hop, 
A.s  much  in  mock  as  mark. 

Lfcal.  Slander  to  th'  State!  away  with  him  to  prifon. 

Aug.   What   can   you   vouch    againft  him,    fignior 
Lucio  ? 
h  this  the  man,  that  you  did  tell  us  of? 

Luck.   'Tis  he,  my  lord.     Come  hither,  goodman 
baid-pate  •> 
Do  you  know  me? 

Duke,  I  remember  you,  Sir,  by  the  found  of  your 
voice :  I  met  you  at  the  prifon  in  the  ab fence  of  the 
Duke. 

Lucio.  Oh,  did  you  fo?  and  do  you  remember  what 
you  laid  of  the  Duke? 

Duke.  Mo  ft  notedly,  Sir. 

Lucio.  Do  you  fo,  Sir?  and  was  the  Duke  a  flefh- 
monger,  a  fool,  and  a  coward,  as  you  then  reported 
^im  to  be  I 

Dukc*t 


Measure/^  Measure.     595 

Duke.  You  muft,  Sir,  change  perfons  with  me,  ere 
you  make  that  my  report :  you  fpoke  fo  of  him,  and 
much  more,  much  worfe. 

Luck*  Oh  thou  damnable  fellow !  did  not  I  pluck 
thee  by  the  nofe,  for  thy  fpeeches  ? 

Duke.  I  proteft,  I  love  the  Duke  as  I  love  my  felf. 

Ang.  Hark !  how  the  villain  would  clofc  now,  after 
his  treafonable  abufes. 

Efcah  Such  a  fellow  is  not  to  be  talk'd  withal ;  a- 
way  with  him  to  prifon :  where  is  the  Provoft  ?  away 
with  him  to  prifon  j  lay  bolts  enough  upon  him 5  let 
him  fpeak  no  more $  away  with  thofe  giglets  too,  and 
with  the  other  confederate  companion. 

Duke.  Stay,  Sir,  flay  a-while. 

Ang.  What!  refifts  he?  help  him,  Lucio. 

Lucio.  Come,  Sir  $  come,  Sir 5  come,  Sir -,  foh,  Sir; 
why,  you  bald-pated  lying  rafcal  j  you  muft  be  hood- 
ed, muft  you  ?  {how  your  knave's  vifage,  with  a  pox 
to  you  5  {how  your  {heep-biting  face,  and  be  hang'd 
an  hour :  will't  not  off? 

[Pulls  off  the  Friar'5  hood,  and  difcovers  the  Duke.. 

Duke.  Thou  art  the  firft  knave,  that  e'er  mad'ft  a 
Duke. 
Firft,  Provoft,  let  me  bail  thefe  gentle  three. 
Sneak  not  away,  Sir  5  for  the  Friar  and  you 
Muft  have  a  word  anon :  lay  hold  on  him. 

Lucio.  This  may  prove  worfe  than  hanging. 

Duke.  What  you   have   fpoke,  I  pardon  j    fit  you 
down :  [fo  Efcalus. 

We'll  borrow  place  of  him.     Sir,  by  your  leave: 
Haft  thou  or  word,  or  wit,  or  impudence, 
That  yet  can  do  thee  office  ?  if  thou  haft, 
Rely  upon  it  'till  my  tale  be  heard, 
And  hold  no  longer  out. 

Ang.  O  my  dread  lord, 
I  fhould  be  guiltier  than  my  guiltinefs, 
To  think  I  can  be  undifcernable> 
When  I  perceive  your  Grace,  like  Pow'r  divine, 
Hath  look'd  upon  my  Pafles :  then,  good  Prince, 
l^o  longer  Seffion  hold  upon  my  {haine$ 

Bus 


3P4     Measure /or  Measure," 

But  let  my  Tryal  be  mine  own  Confeffion  : 
Immediate  Sentence  then,  and  fequent  death, 
Is  all  the  grace  I  beg. 

Duke.  Come  hither,  Mariana  : 
Say$  waft  thou  e'er  contracted  to  this  woman? 

jing.  I  was,  my  lord. 

Duke.  Go  take  her  hence,  and  marry  her  inftantly. 
Do  you  the  office,  Friar  \  which  confummate, 
Return  him  here  again :  go  with  him,  Provoft. 

[Exeunt  Angelo,  Mariana,  Peter,  and  Provoft. 

Efcal.  My  lord,  I  am  more  amaz'd  at  his  difhonourj 
Than  at  the  ftrangenefs  of  it. 

Duke.  Come  hither,  lfabel-y 
your  Friar  is  now  your  Prince :  as  I  was  then 
Advertifing,  and  holy  to  your  bufinefs, 
Not  changing  heart  with  habit,  I  am  (till 
Attornied  at  your  fervice. 

Ifab.  Oh,  give  me  Pardon, 
That  I,  your  vafial,  have  employ' d  and  pain'd 
Your  unknown  Soveraignty. 

Duke.  You  are  pardon'd,  Ifab  el : 
And  now,  dear  maid,  be  you  as  free  to  us. 
Your  brother's  death,  I  know,  fits  at  your  heart : 
And  you  may  marvel,  why  I  obfeur'd  my  felf, 
Labouring  to  fave  his  life  ^  and  would  not  rather 
Make  rafh  remonftrance  of  my  hidden  power, 
Than  let  him  be  fo  loft:  Oh,  moft  kind  maid, 
It  was  the  fwift  celerity  of  his  death, 
Which,  I  did  think,  with  flower  foot  came  on, 
Thatbrain'd  my  purpofe:  but,  peace  be  with  him  ! 
That  life  is  better  life,  paft  fearing  death, 
Than  That  which  lives  to  fear:  make  it  your  comfort 5 
So,  happy  is  your  brother. 

Enter  Angelo,  Mariana,  Peter,  and  Provoft. 

Ifab.  1  do,  my  lord. 

Duke.  For  this  new-marry'd  man,  approaching  here, 
Whofe  fait  imagination  yet  hath  wrong'd 
Your  well-defended  honour,  you  muft  pardon 
For  Mariana's  fake :  but  as  he  adjudg'd  your  brother, 

Being 


Measure  for  Measure.     395 

Being  criminal,  in  double  violation 

Of  facred  chaftity,  and  of  promife-breach, 

Thereon  dependant  for  your  brother's  life, 

The  very  mercy  of  the  law  cries  out 

Moft  audible,  even  from  his  proper  tongue, 

An  Angelo  for  Claudio  ;  death  for  death. 

Hafte  Jt ill  pays  hade,  and  leifure  anfwers  leifure ; 

Like  doth  quit  like,  and  Meafure  ftill  for  Meafure. 

Then,  Angelo^  thy  faults  are  manifefted  -y 

Which  tho'  thou  would'ft  deny,  denies  thee  vantage. 

We  do  condemn  thee  to  the  very  block, 

Where  Claudio  ftoop'd  to  death  j  and  with  like  hafte  j 

Away  with  him. 

Mart.  Oh,  my  moft  gracious  lord, 
I  hope,  you  will  not  mock  me  with  a  husband  ? 

Duke.  It  is  your  husband  mock'd  you  with  a  husbancj. 
Confenting  to  the  fafeguard  of  your  honour, 
I  thought  your  marriage  fit  >  elfe  imputation, 
For  that  he  knew  you,  might  reproach  your  life, 
And  choak  your  good  to  come  :  for  his  Poileffions, 
Altho'  by  confifcation  they  are  ours, 
We  do  enftate  and  widow  you  withal, 
To  buy  you  a  better  husband. 

Mart,  Oh,  my  dear  lord, 
I  crave  no  other,  nor  no  better  man. 

Duke.  Never  crave  him}  we  are  definitive. 

Mart.  Gentle,  my  Leige— 

Duke.  You  do  but  lofe  your  labour  : 
Away  with  him  to  death.     Now,  Sir,  to  you. 

Mart.  Oh,  my  good  lord.  Sweet  Ifabel,  take  my  part  % 
Lend  me  your  knees,  and  all  my  life  to  come 
I'll  lend  you  all  my  life,  to  do  you  fervice. 

Duke.  Againft  all  fenfe  you  do  importune  her  j 
Should  fhe  kneel  down,  in  mercy  of  this  fact, 
Her  brother's  ghoft  his  paved  bed  would  break, 
And  take  her  hence  in  horror. 

Mart.  I  fab  el, 
Sweet  Ifabel)  do  yet  but  kneel  by  me, 
Hold  up  your  hai:ds,  fay  nothing;  I'll  fpeak  all. 
They  fay,  beft  men  are  moulded  out  of  faults  > 

And, 


1^6     Measure/^  Measure? 

And,  for  the  moft,  become  much  more  the  better 
For  being  a  little  bad  :  fo  may  my  husband. 
Oh,  Ifabel!  will  you  not  lend  a  knee  ? 

Duke.  He  dies  for  Claudia's  death. 

Ifab.  Moft  bounteous  Sir,  [Kneeling* 

Look,  if  it  pleafe  you,  on  this  man  condcmn'd, 
As  if  my  brother  liv'd :  I  partly  think, 
A  due  fincerity  governed  his  deeds, 
'Till  he  did  look  on  mej  fince  it  is  fo, 
Let  him  not  die.     My  brother  had  but  juftice, 
In  that  he  did  the  thing  for  which  he  dy'd  > 
For  Angela^  his  a£fc  did  not  o'ertake  his  bad  intent  ; 
And  mult  be  bury'd  but  as  an  intent, 
That  periuYd  by  the  way :  thoughts  are  no  fubje&s  5 
Intents,  but  meerly  thoughts. 

Mari.  Meerly,  my  lord. 

Duh.  Your  fuit's  unprofitable  j  fland  up,  I  fay: 
I  have  bethought  me  of  another  fault. 
Provoft)  how  came  it,  Claudio  was  beheaded 
At  an  unufual  hour? 

Prov.  It  was  commanded  fo. 

Duke.  Had  you  a  fpecial  Warrant  for  the  deed  ? 

Prov.  No,  my  good  lord ;  it  was  by  private  meiTage, 

Duke.  For  which  I  do  difcharge  you  of  your  Office  ; 
Give  up  your  keys. 

Prov.  Pardon  me,  noble  lord. 
I  thought,  it  was  a  fault,  but  knew  it  not  5 
Yet  did  repent  me,  after  more  advice  : 
For  teftimony  whereof,  one  in  th'  prifon, 
That  fhould  by  private  Order  elfe  have  dy'd, 
I  have  referv'd  alive. 

Duke.  What's  he  ? 

Prov.  His  name  is  Bamardine. 

Duke.  I  would,  thou  had'ft  done  fo  by  CUudio  : 
Go,  fetch  him  hither*  let  me  look  upon  him.  (50) 

EfcaL 

(30)  Go,  fetch  him  hither  : ]    The  introducing  Bamardine  here,  is, 

feemingly  a  matter  of  no  Confequence ;  as  he  is  no  Perfon  concerned  in 
the  Action  of  the  Play,  nor  dire&ly  aiding  to  the  Denouement,  as  the 
French  call  it,  of  the  Plot :  but,  to  our  Poet's  Praife,  let  me  otyerve,  that 

it 


Measure  for  Measure.     557 

EJcal.  I'm  forry,  one  fo  learned  and  fo  wife 
As  you,  lord  Angelo,  have  ftill  appear'd, 
Should  flip  fo  grofsly  both  in  heat  of  blood, 
And  lack  of  temper'd  judgment  afterward. 

Ang.  I'm  forry,  that  fuch  forrow  I  procure  j 
And  fo  deep  flicks  it  in  my  penitent  heart, 
That  I  crave  death  more  willingly  than  mercy : 
'Tis  my  deferving,  and  I  do  intreat  it. 

Enter  Provoft,  Barnardine,  Claudio,  and  Julietta. 

Duke.  Which  is  that  Barnardine? 

Prov.  This,  my  lord. 

Duke.  There  was  a  Friar  told  me  of  this  man : 
Sirrah,  thou'rt  faid  to  have  a  ftubborn  foul, 
That  apprehends  no  further  than  this  world* 
And  fquar'ft  thy  life  accordingly:  thou'rt  condemn'd* 
Eut  for  thofe  earthly  faults,  I  quit  them  all  : 
I  pray  thee,  take  this  mercy  to  provide 
For  better  times  to  come :  Friar,  advife  him ; 
I  leave  him  to  your  hand.  What  muffled  fellow's  that? 

Prov.  This  is  another  prifoner,  that  I  fav'd, 
Who  fhould  have  dy'd  when  Claudio  loft  his  head  j 
As  like  almoft  to  Claudio,  as  himfelf. 

Duke.  If  he  be  like  your  brother,  for  his  fake 
Is  he  pardon'd  >  and  for  your  lovely  fake, 
Give  me  your  hand,  and  fay,  you  will  be  mine, 
He  is  my  brother  too  ;  but  fitter  time  for  that. 
By  this,  lord  Angelo  perceives  he's  fafe ; 
Methinks,  I  fee  a  quickning  in  his  eye. 
Well,  Angelo,  your  evil  quits  you  well  j 
Look,  that  you  love  your  wife  -y  her  worth,  worth  yours. 
I  find  an  apt  remiflion  in  my  felf, 
And  yet  here's  one  in  place  I  cannot  pardon. 
You,  firrah,  that  knew  me  for  a  fool,  a  coward, 

[To  Lucip. 

it  is  not  done  without  double  Art  ;  it  gives  a  Handle  for  the  Difcove- 
ry  of  Claudio  being  alive,  and  fo  heightens  the  Surprize ;  and,  at  th« 
fame  time,  by  the  Pardon  of  Barnardine,  gives  a  fine  Opportunity  of 
making  the  Dukes  Chara&er  more  amiable,  both  for  Mercy,  and  Vir- 
tue. 

One 


35>8     Measure  for  Measure. 

One  of  all  luxury,  an  afs,  a  mad-man  5 
Wherein  have  I  deferved  fo  of  you, 
That  you- erttol  me  thus? 

Lucio.  'Faith,  my  lord,  I  fpoke  it  but  according  to 
the  trick*  if  you  will  hang  me  for  it,  you  may  :  but  I 
had  rather  it  would  pleafe  you,  I  might  be  whipt. 

Duke.  Whipt  firft,  Sir,  and  hang'd  after. 
Proclaim  it,  Provoft^  round  about  the  city  5 
If  any  woman,  wrong'd  by  this  lewd  fellow, 
(As  I  have  heard  him  fwear  himfelf,  there's  one 
Whom  he  begot  with  child)  let  her  appear, 
And  he  ftiall  marry  her  ;   the  Nuptial  finifh'd, 
Let  him  be  whipt  and  hang'd. 

Lucio.  I  befeech  your  Highnefs,  do  not  marry  me 
to  a  whore:  your  Highnefs  faid  even  now,  I  made  you 
a  Duke ;  good  my  lord,  do  not  recompence  me,  in 
making  me  a  cuckold. 

Duke.  Upon  mine  honour,  thou  flialt  marry  her: 
Thy  flanders  I  forgive,  and  therewithal 
Remit  thy  other  forfeits*  take  him  to  prifon ; 
And  fee  our  pleafure  herein  executed. 

Lucio.  Marrying  a  punk,  my  lord,  is  prefling  to  death, 
whipping  and  han'ging. 

Duke.  Sland'ring  a  Prince  deferves  it. 
She,  Claudia^  that  you  wrong'd,  look,  you  reftore. 
Joy  to  you,  Mariana:  love  her,  Angelo :  (31) 

(31)  Joy  to  you,  Mariana  ;  love  her  Angelo  :]  I  cannot  help  taking 
notice,  with  how  much  Judgment  Shakefpeare  has  given  Turns  to  this 
Story,  from  what  lie  found  it  in  Cinthio  Giraldts  Novel.  In  the  firrt 
place,  the  Brother,  whom  our  Poet  calls  Claudio,  is  there  actually  exe- 
cuted :  And  the  ungrateful  Governor  fends  his  Head  in  a  Bravado,  to 
the  Sifter  ;  after  he  had  debauch'd  her,  on  Promiie  of  Marriage.  A 
Circumftance  of  too  much  Horror,  and  Villany,  for  the  Stage.  And  in 
the  next  place,  this  Siller  afterwards  is,  to  lolder  up  her  Dilgrace,  mar- 
ry'd  to  the  Governor,  and  begs  his  Life  of  the  Emperor,  tho'  he  had 
fo  unjuftly  been  the  Death  of  her  Brother.  Both  which  Abfurdities  our 
Poet  has  avoided  by  the  Epifode  of  Mariana,  a.  Creature  purely  of  his 
own  Invention.     The  Dukes  remaining  incognito  at  home,   to  fupervife 

the  Conduct  of  his  Deputy,  is  alfo  entirely  our  Author's  Fiction. ■ 

This  Story  was  attempted  for  the  Scene  by  one  George  Whctjlone  (before 
our  Author  was  fourteen  Years  old,)  in  Two  Comical  Difccurfes  (as 
they  arc  call'd)  containing,  the  right,  excellent  and  famous  Hiftory  of 

Promot 


Measure/^  Measuri.     3^ 

I  have  confefs'd  her,  and  I  know  her  virtue. 
Thanks,  good  friend  Efcalus^  for  thy  much  goodnefs  : 
There's  more  behind,  that  is  more  gratulate. 
Thanks,  Provoft^  for  thy  care  and  fecrefie* 
We  fhall  imploy  thee  in  a  worthier  place  : 
Forgive  him,  j2ngeloy  that  brought  you  home 
The  head  of  Ragozine  for  Claudio's  -9 
Th'  offence  pardons  it  felf.     Dear  Ifabel^ 
I  have  a  motion  much  imports  your  good, 
Whereto  if  you'll  a  willing  ear  incline, 
What's  mine  is  yours,  and  what  is  yours  is  mine: 
So  bring  us  to  our  Palace,  where  we'll  fhow 
What's  yet  behind,  that's  meet  you  all  fhould  know. 

[Exeunt* 

Promos  and  Cajfandra  :  and  printed  in  the  old  Black  Letter,  in  1578. 
Neither  of  thefe  Difcourfes,  I  believe,  were  ever  acted:  The  Author 
left  them  with  his  Friends,  to  publilh ;  for  He,  that  very  Year,  ac- 
companied Sir  Humphry  Gilbert,  Sir  Walter  Raleigh's  Brother,  in  his 
Voyage  to  Norimbega  in  the  Weft- Indies.  I  could  prove  to  Demonftra- 
tion,  that  Shakefpeare  had  perus'd  thefe  Pieces ;  but  whoever  has  feen, 
and  knows  what  execrable  mean  Stuff  they  are ;  I  am  fure,  will  acquis 
him  from  all  Sufpicion  of  Plagiarifm. 


Much 


MUCH    ADO 


ABOUT 


NOTHING. 


>     ■■  *■  i 


Vol.  I. 


D  d 


Dramatis  Perfonae. 


DON  PEDRO,  Prince  of  Arragon. 

Leonato,  Governor  of  MeffiM. 

Don  John,  Baftard  Brother  to  Don  Pedro. 

Claudio,  a  young  Lord  of  Florence,  Favourite  to  Don 

Pedro. 
Benedick,  a  young  Lord  of  Padua,  favoured  likeivife  by 

Don  Pedro. 
Balthafar,  Servant  to  Don  Pedro. 
Antonio,  Brother  to  Leonato. 
Borachio,  Confident  to  Don  John. 
Conrade,  Friend  to  Borachio. 


g       y*  L  two  fooiijh  Officers. 
Verges,     J         J     J 


Hero,  Daughter  to  Leonato. 
Beatrice,  Neice  to  Leonato. 

♦Margaret,  .  ^      GentkivMen,  attending  on  Hera.  ' 
Urfula,      5 

A  Friar y  Mejfenger,  Watch,  Town-Clcrk>  Sexton, 

and  Attendants. 


SCENE,  MeJ/ina  in  Sicily. 


Much 


(,)  Much  Ado  #&Mtf  Nothing. 


»m^ mi  n 


.  .  ■        . 


A    C    T     I. 

S  C  E  N  E,  a  Court  before  LeonatoV  Houfe. 

Enter  Leonato,  Hero,   and  Beatrice,  with  a 

Meffenger. 

t  E  O   y  A   T    O. 

Learn  in  this  letter,  that  Don  Pedro  of  4r- 
ragon  comes  this  night  to  JSdeJfma. 

Mejf.  He  is  very  near  by  this ;    he  was 
not  three  leagues  off  when  I  left  him. 
Leon.   How  .many  gentlemen   have   you 
loft  in  this  a&ion  ?  '*} 

Mejf,  But  few  of  any  Sort,  and  none  of  name.       '// 
Leon.  A  vi&ory  is  twice  it  felf,  when  the  atchiever 
brings  home  full  numbers  >  I  find  here,  that  Don  Pe- 
dro hath  beftowed  much  honour  on  a  young  Florentine^ 
called  Claudio. 

Mejf.  Much  defqrved   on  his  part,  and  equally  re- 
membred  by  Don  Pedro :    he  hath  borne  himfelf  be- 

(0  Much  4Jfi  about  Nothing.']  Innogen,  (the  Mother  of  Hero)  in 
the  oldeft  Quarto  that  I  have  leen  of  this  Play,  printed  in  1600,  is 
mentioned  tp  eater  in  two  feveral  Scenes.  The  fucceeding  Editions 
have  all  continued  her  Name  in  the  Dramatis  Per/once.  But  I  have 
tfentur'd  to  ^expunge  it ;  there  being  no  mention  of  her  thro'  the  Play, 
no  one  Speech  addrefs'd  to  her,  nor  one  Syllable  fpoken  by  her.  Nei- 
ther is  there  any  one  PaiTage,  from  which  ,we  have  any  Reafon  to  deter- 
mine that  Hero's  Mother  was  living.  It  feems,  .as  if  the  Poet  had  in 
his  firft  Plan  defign'd  {uch  a  Character ;  which,  on  a  Survey  of  it,  he 
found  would  be  fuperfluous ;  and  therefore  he  left  it  out. 

D  d  z  yond 


r/ 


4^4    Much  Ado  about  Nothin g. 

yohd  the  promife  of  his  age,  doing  in  the  figure  of  a 
lamb  the  feats  of  a  lion  :  he  hath,  indeed,  better  bet- 
ter'd  expectation,  than  you  mult  expert  of  me  to  tell 
you  how. 

Leon.  He  hath  an  uncle  here  in  Mejftna  will  be  very 
much  glad  of  it. 

Mejf.  I  have  already  delivered  him  letters,  and  there 
appears  much  joy  in  him  ;  even  fo  much,  that  joy 
could  not  fhew  it  felf  modeft  enough,  without  a  badge 
of  bitternefs. 

Leon,  Did  he  break  out  into  tears  ? 

Mejf.  la  great  meafure. 

Leon.  A  kind  overflow  of  kindnefs ;  there  are  no 
faces  truer  than  thofe  that  are  fo  wanYd  5  how  much 
better  is  it  to  weep  at  joy,  than  to  joy  at  weeping? 

Beat.  I  pray  you,  is  Signior  Montanto  returned  from 
the  wars  or  no. 

Mejf.  I  know  none  of  that  name,  Lady  $  there  was 
none  fuch  in  the  army  of  any  Sort. 

Leon.  What  is  he  that  you  ask  for,  Neice? 

Hero.  My  Coufin  means  Signior  Benedick  ot  Padua. 

Mejf,  O,  he's  return'd,  and  as  pleafant  as  ever  he 
was. 

Beat.  He  fet  up  his  bills  here  in  Mejfma^  and  chal- 
lenge Cupid  at  the  flight  5  and  my  Uncle's  fool,  read- 
ing the  challenge,  fubferib'd  for  Cupid,  and  challeng'd 
him  at  the  bird-bolt.  I  pray  you,  how  many  hath 
he  kill'd  and  eaten  in  thefe  wars  ?  but  how  many 
hath  he  kill'd?  for,  indeed,  I  promis'd  to  eat  all  of  his 
killing. 

Leon.  'Faith,  Neice,  you  tax  Signior  Benedick  too 
much  5  but  he'll  be  meet  with  you,   I  doubt  it  not. 

Mejf.  He  hath  done  good  fervice,  Lady,  in  thefe 
wars. 

Beat.  You  had  mufty  victuals,  and  he  hath  holp  to 
eat  it  5  he's  a  very  valiant  trencher-man,  he  hath  an 
excellent  ftomach. 

Mejf.  And  a  good  foldier  too,  Lady. 

Beat.  And  a  good  foldier  to  a  lady?  but  what  is  he 
to  a  lord  ? 

Mejf. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    405 

Mejf.  A  lord  to  a  lord,  a  man  to  a  man,  ftufft  with 
all  honourable  virtues. 

Beat,  It  is  fo^  indeed :  (2)  he  is  no  lefs  than,  a  ftufc, 
man :  but  for  the  fluffing.,  —  welL  we  are  all  mortal^ 

"Leon.  You  mufr.  not,  sir,  mi  (take  my  Neice;  there 
is  a  kind  of  merry  war  betwixt  Signior  Benedick  and 
her  j  they  never  meet,  but  there's  a  skirmifh  of  wit 
between  them. 

Beat,  Alas,  he  gets  nothing  by  That.  In  our  laft 
conflict,  four  of  his  five  wits  went  halting  off,  and  now 
is  the  whole  man  govern'd  with  one  :  So  that  if  he 
have  wit  enough  to  keep  himfelf  warm,  let  him  bear 
it  for  a  difference  between  himfelf  and  his  horfe  j  for 
it  is  all  the  wealth  that  he  hath  left,  to  be  known  a 
reafonable  creature.  Who  is  his  companion  now?  he 
hath  every  month  a  new  fworn  brother. 

Mejf.  Is  it  poflible? 

Beat.  Very  eafily  poflible;  he  wears  his  faith  but  as 
the  fafhion  of  his  hat,  it  ever  changes  with  the  next 
block. 

Mejf.  I  fee,  Lady,  the  gentleman  is  not  in  your 
books. 

Beat.  No;  an  he  were,  I  would  burn  my  Study. 
But,  I  pray  you,  who  is  his  companion  ?  is  there  no 
young  fquarer  now,  that  will  make  a  voyage  withTurn 

fojEhe^fevTIZZ^" 

Mef.  He  is  mofl  in  the  company  of  the  right  noble 

Claudi*. 

Beat.  O  lord,  he  will  hang  upon  him  like  a  difeafe; 
he  is  fooner  caught  than  the  peftilence,  and  the  taker 
runs  prefently  mad.  God  help  the  noble  Glaudio,  if 
he  have  caught  the  Benedick  \  it  will  cofl  him  a  thoufand 
pound  ere  he  be  cur'd. 

(2)  he  is  no  lefs  than  a  ftufft  man:  hut  for  the  Stuffing  welly, 

ive  are  all  mortal?^  Thus  has  this  Paflage  been  all  along  ftoftd,  from 
the  very  iirft  Edition  downwards.  If  any  of  the  Editors  could  extract 
Senfe  from  this  Pointing,  their  Sagacity  is  a  Pitch  above  mine.  I  be- 
lieve, by  my  Regulation  of  the  Stops,  I  have  retriev'd  the  Poet's  true 
Meaning.  Our  Poet  leems  to  ufe  the  Word  Stuffing  here  much  as 
Plautus  does  in  his  Moftellaria  ',  Act.  I .  Sc,  3 , 

Nan  Vejlem  amatores  mulieris  amant,  fed  Veftis  fartum, 

Dd  5  Mef. 


4Q6    Much  Ado  about  NdTHiKG* 

Meff.  IjgnUjipjd^iends  with  yoii,  Lady. 
Beat.  Do,  good~fnen37 
Leon.  YotiTlne'er  run  triad,  Neiee. 
Beat.  No,  not  'till  a  hot  January. 
Mejf.  Don  /W™  is  approeh'd. 

£0/<?r  Don  Pedro,  Claudio,  Benedick,  Balthazar  and 

Don  John. 

Pl$ft.  Good  Signior  Lednato%  you  are  come  to  meet 
your  troufek:  the  fifhiori  o£  the  world  is  to  avoid  coft, 
and  you  e?neoun£e~f  it. 

Leon.  Never  came  trouble  to  my  houfe  ift  the  like- 
tiefs  of  your  Grace  j  fof  trouble  being  gone,  comfort 
fhould  rfetMirij  but  when  you  depart  from  ma,  forrow 
abides  arid  happifiefs  take's  his  leave. 

Pedro:  You  embrace  ydii*  charge  too  willingly ;  I 
think,  this  is  your  daughter. 

Leon.  Her  mother  hath  many  times  told  me  fo. 

Bene.  Were  you  in  doubt,  Sir,  that  you  askt  her? 

Leon.  Signior  Benedick^  noj  for  then  were  you  a 
child.  - — — 

Pedro.  You  have  it  full,  Benedick  j  We  may  guefs  by 
this  what  you  are,  being  a  man :  truly,  the  lady  fa- 
thers her  felf  j  be  happy,  lady,  for  ydu  are  like  an  ho- 
nourable father. 

Bene.  If  Signior  Leonato  be  her  Father,  fhe  would 
not  have  his  head  on  her  fhoulders  for  all  Mejfmay  as 
like  him  as  fhe  is. 

Beat.  I  wonder,  that  you  will  flill  be  talking,  Signior 


Benedict  -3  no  body  marks  yoti. 

Bene.  What,  my  dear  lady  Difdain!  are  you  yet 
living  ? 

Beat.  Is  it  poflible,  Difdain  fhould  die,  while  fhe 
hath  fuch  meet  food  to  feed  it,  as  Signior  Benedick? 
Courtefie  it  felf  muft  convert  to  Difdain,  if  you  come 
in  her  prefence. 

Bene.  Then  is  cburtefie  a  turn-coat*  but  it  is  cer- 
tain, I  am  lov'd  of  all  ladies,  only  you  excepted*  and 
I  would  I  could  find  in  my  heart  th^t  I  had  not  % 
hard  heart,  for  truly  I  bye  none. 

Beat. 


MtfCH  Ad  o  ahotd  Nothing.    407 

Beat.  A  dear  hap.pinefs  to  women ;  they  would  elfe 
have  been  troubled  with  a  pernicious  fuitor.  I  thank 
God  and  my  cokl  blood,  I  am  of  your  humour  for 
that  j  I  had  rasher  hear  my  dog  bark  at  a  crow.,  t;han 
a  man  fwear  he  laves  me. 

Bene.  God  keep  your  ladyfhip  ftill  in  that  mind,!  fo 
fome  gentleman  or  other  fhali  fcape  a  predeflinate 
fcratcht  face. 

Beat.  Scratching  could  not  make  it  worfe,  an  'twere 
fuch  a  face  as  yours  were. 

Bene.  Well,  you  are  a  rare  parrot- teacher. 

Beat.  A  bird  of  my  tongue  is  better  than  a  beaft 
of  yours. 

Bene.  I  would,  my  horfe  had  the  fpeed  of  your 
tongue,  and  fo  good  a  continuerj  but  keep  your  way 
a  God's  name,  I  have  done. 

Beat.  You  always  end  with  a  jade's  tricky  I  knowc 
you  of  old. 

Pedro.  This  is  the  fum  of  all :  Leonato  j —  Sig- 

nior    Claudio^    and    Signior  Benedick^ -my   dear 

friend  Leonato  hath  invited  you  all  •,  I  tell  him,  we 
fhali  flay  here  at  the  leafl  a  month  j  and  he  hear- 
tily prays,  fome  occafion  may  detain  us  longer:  I 
dare  (wear  he  is  no  hypocrite*  but  prays  from  his 
heart. 

Leon.  If  you  {wear,  my  lord,  you  fhali  not  be  for- 
fworn.  Let  me  bid  You  welcome,  my  lord,  being 
reconciled  to  the  prince  your  brother- j  I  owe  you  all 
duty. 

John.  I  thank  you  j  I  am  not  of  many  words,  but 
I  thank  you. 

Leon.  Pleafe  it  your  Grace  lead  on  ? 

Pedro.  Your  hand,  Leonato  we  will  go  together. 

[Exeunt  all  but  Benedick  and  Claudio. 

Claud.  Benedick,  didit  thou  note  the  daughter  of  Sig- 
nior Leonato  ? 

Bene.  I  noted  her  not,  but  I  look'd  on  her. 

Claud.  Is  me  not  a  modeft  young  lady  ? 

Bene.  Do  you  queftion  me,  as  an  honeft  man  fhquld 
GOj  for  my  fimple  true  judgment?  or  would  you  have 

D  d  4  me 


40  8    MuchAd^o  about  Nothing, 

me  fpeak  after  my  cuftom,  as  being  a  profefled  tyrant 
to  their  fex? 

Claud.  No,  I  pry'thee,  fpeak  in  fober  judgment. 

Bene.  Why,  i'faith,  methinks,  fhe  is  too  low  for  an 
high  praife,  too  brown  for  a  fair  praife,  and  too  little 
for  a  great  praife ;  only  this  commendation  I  can  af- 
ford her,  that  were  fhe  other  than  me  is,  fhe  were  un- 
handfomej  and  being  no  other  but  as  fhe  is,  I  do  not 
like  her. 

Claud.  Thou  think'ft,  I  am  in  fportj  I  pray  thee, 
tell  me  truly  how  thou  lik'ft  her. 

Bene.  Would  you  buy  her,  that  you  enquire  after 
her? 

Claud.  Can  the  world  buy  fuch  a  jewel  ? 

Bene.  Yea,  and  a  cafe  to  put  it  into;  but  fpeak  you 
this  with  a  fad  brow  ?  or  do  you  play  the  flouting 
Jack,  to  tell  us  Cupid  is  a  good  hare-finder,  and  Vulcan 
a  rare  carpenter?  come,  in  what  key  fhall  a  man  take 
you  to  go  in  the  Song? 

Claud.  Jn  mine  eye,  fhe  is  the  fweeteft  lady  that  I 
ever  look'd  on. 

Bene.  I  can  fee  yet  without  fpeflracles,  and  I  fee  no 
fuch  matter  $  there's  her  Coufin,  if  fhe  were  not  pof- 
feft  with  fuch  a  Fury,  exceeds  her  as  much  in  beauty,  as 
the  firft  of  May  doth  the  laft  of  December:  but  I  hope, 
you  have  no  intent  to  turn  husband,  have  you? 

Claud.  I  would  fcarce  truft  my  felf,  tho'  I  had  fworn 
the  contrary,  if  Her%  would  be  my  wife. 

Bene.  Is't  come  to  this,  in  faith  ?  hath  not  the  world 
one  man,  but  he  will  wear  his  cap  with  fufpicion? 
fha'l  I  never  fee  a  batchelor  of  threefcore  again  ?  go  to, 
i'faith,  if  thou  wilt  needs  thruft  thy  neck  into  a  yoke, 
wear  the  print  of  it,  and  figh  away  Sundays:  look, Don 
Pedro  is  return'd  to  feek  you. 

Re-enter  Don  Pedro  and  Don  John. 

Pedro.  What  Secret  hath  held  you  here,  that  you  fol- 
io w'd  not  to  Leonato\  houfe  ? 

Bene.  I  would,  your  Grace  would  conflrain  me  to  tell. 
Pedro.  I  charge  thee  on  thy  allegiance. 

Bene. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    409 

Bene.  You  hear,  Count  Claudio>  I  can  be  fecret  as  a 
dumb  man,  I  would  have  ycu  think  foy  but  on  my 

allegiance,  mark  you  this,  on  my  allegiance:- he  is 

in  love>  with  whom?  now  that  is  your  Grace's  part: 
mark,  how  fhort  his  anfwer  is,  with  Hero,  Leonato's 
fhort  daughter. 

Claud.  If  this  were  fo,  fo  were  it  uttered. 

Bene.  Like  the  old  tale,  my  lord,  it  is  not  fo,  nor 
'twas  not  foj  but,  indeed,  God  forbid  it  mould  be  fo. 

Claud.  If  my  paffion  change  not  fhortly,  God  for- 
bid it  mould  be  otherwife. 

Pedro.  Amen,  if  you  love  her,  for  the  Lady  is  very 
well  worthy. 

Claud.  You  fpeak  this  to  fetch  me  in,  my  Lord. 

Pedro.  By  my  troth,  I  fpeak  my  thought. 

Claud.  And,  in  faith,  my  Lord,  I  fpoke  mine. 

Bene.  And  by  my  two  faiths  and  troths,  my  Lord, 
I  fpeak  mine. 

Claud.  That  I  love  her,  I  feel. 

Pedro.  That  (he  is  worthy,  I  know. 

Bene.  That  I  neither  feel  how  fhe  fhould  be  loved, 
nor  know  how  fhe  fhould  be  worthy,  is  the  opinion 
that  fire  cannot  melt  out  of  mej  I  will  die  in  it  at 
the  flake. 

Pedro.  Thou  waft  ever  an  obftinate  heretick  in  the 
defpight  of  beauty. 

Claud.  And  never  could  maintain  his  part,  but  in  the 
force  of  his  will. 

Bene.  That  a  woman  conceived  me,  I  thank  her; 
that  fhe  brought  me  up,  I  likewife  give  her  mofl  hum- 
ble thanks :  but  that  I  will  have  a  recheate  winded  in 
my  forehead,  or  hang  my  bugle  in_an  invifible  bald- 
jjckj  all  women  (hall  pardon  me*  becaufe  I  will  not 
do  them  the  Wrong  to  miftruft  any,  I  will  do  my  felf 
the  Right  to  truft  none*  and  the  fine  is,  (for  the  which 
I  may  go  the  finer,)  I  will  live  a  batchelor. 

Pedro.  I  mail  fee  thee,  ere  I  die,  look  pale  with  love. 

Bene.  With  anger,  with  ficknefs,  or  with  hunger, 
my  lord,  not  with  love:  prove,  that  ever  I  lofe  more 
blood  with  love,  than  I  will  get  again  with  drinking, 

pick 


4 1  o    MuchAdo  about  Nothing. 

pick  out  mine  eyes  with  a  ballad-maker's  pen,  and  hang 
me  up  at  the  door  of  a  brothel-houfe  for  the  Sign  of 
blind  Cupid. 

Pedro.  Well,  if  ever  thou  do  ft  fall  from  this  faith, 
thou  wilt  prove  a  notable  argument. 

Bene.  If  I  do,  hang  me  in  a  bottle  like  a  cat,  and 
flioot  at  me ;  ancUjethathit^^ 
the  moulder,  an?^air3r^^7"(^J^ 
~~~Fe3rf.  Well,  as  time  ihalT  try  3  in  time  the  favage 
bull  doth  bear  the  yoke. 

Bene.  The  favage  bull  may,  but  if  ever  the  fenfible 
Benedick  bear  it,  pluck  off  the  bull's-horns,  and  fet 
them  in  my  forehead,  and  let  me  be  vilely  painted} 
and  in  fuch  great  letters  as  they  write,  Here  is  good 

(3)  And  he  that  hits  me,  let  him  be  clap'd  in  the  Shoulder,  and  call V 
Adam.]  But  why  mould  he  therefore  be  call'd  Adam  ?  Perhaps,  by  a 
Quotation  or  two  We  may  be  able  to  trace  the  Poet's  Alluiion  here.  In 
Law-Tricks,  or,  Who  would  have  thought  it,  (a  Comedy  written  by  J  ohm 
Day,  and  printed  in  1608)  I  find  this  Speech. 

I  ha<ve  heard,  Old  Adam  was  an  hqneft  Man,  and  a  good  Gardiner ; 
h-vd  Lettice  well,  Salads  and  Cabage  reafonahle  well,  yet  no  Tobacco ; — > 
Again,  Adam  Bell,  a  fubftantial Outlaw,  and  a  pajfing  good  Archer,  yet 
no  Tobaceonift. 

By  This  it  appears,  that  Adam  Bell  at  that  time  of  day  was  of  Repu- 
tation for  his  Skill  at  the  Bow.  I  find  him  again  mention' d  in  a  Burleiqu? 
Poem  of  Sir  William  Davenpnfs,  call'd,  The  long  Vacation  in  Londoru 

Now  lean  Attorney,  that  his  Cheefe 

Ne'er  par  d,  nor  Verfes  took  for  Fees, 

And  aged  Proclor,  that  coutraufs 

The  Feats  of  Punk  in  Court  of  Pauls, 

Do  each  with  folemn  Oath  agree 

To  meet  in  fields  ^Finsbury : 

With  Loins  in  Canvas  how-cafe  tied, 

Where  arrows  flick  with  michle  Pride ; 

With  Hats  pinnd  up}  and  Bow;  in  hand, 

All  day  mo  ft  fiercely  there  they  ft  and, 

tike  Ghofts  ef  Adam,  Bell,  and  Clymme; 

Sol  fets,  far  Fear  they'll  Jhoot  at  hi  si. 
By  the  Pailage,  which  I  above  quoted  from  Law-.Tricis,  'tis  plai»> 
Sir  Williams  Editor  has  falfely  pointed  the  lafl  Line  but  one;  We  mull 
correct  it  thus ; 

Like  Ghofts  of  'Adam  Bell,  and  Clymme ; 
'Tis  this  Wight,  no  Doubt,  whom  our  Author  here  alludes  to  :  and  had 
I  the  Convenience  of  confulting  Afcham%  Toxophilus,  I  might  probably 
grow  better  acquainted  with  his  Hillary. 

Horfe 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    411 

Horfe  to  hire,  let  them  ft^ifie  under  my  Sign,  Here  yon 
may  fee  Benedick  the  marrfd  man, 

Claud,  If  this  fhould  ever  happen,  thou  would'fl: 
be  horn-mad. 

Pedro,  Nay,  if  Cupid  hath  not  fpent  all  his  quiver 
in  Venice^  thou  writ  quake  for  this  mortly. 

Bene,  I  look  for  an  earthquake  too  then. 

Pedro,  Well  you  will  temporize  with  the  hours  5  in 
the  mean  time,  good  Signior  Benedick^  repair  to  Leo- 
nato's,  commend  me  to  him,  and  tell  him  I  will  not 
fail  him  at  foppery  for,  indeed,  he  hath  made  great  pre- 
paration. 

Bene.  I  have  almoft  matter  enough  in  me  for  fuch  an 
embaflage,  and  (a  I  commit  you 

Claud,  To  the  tuition  of  God  5  From  my  houfe,  if 
I  had  it,—— 

Pedro,  The  fixth  oijuly^  your  loving  friend,  Benedick. 

Bene,  Nay,  mock  not,  mock  not  j  the  body  of  your 
difcourfe  is  fomctime  guarded  with  fragments,  and  the 
guards  are  but  {lightly  bafted  on  neither:  ere  you  Sout 
old  ends  any  further,  examine  your  confeience,  and  fo 
I  leave  you.  [£#/7. 

Claud,  My  Liege,  your  Highnefi  now  may  do  me 
good. 

Pedro,  My  love  is  thine  to  teach,  teach  it  but  how, 
And  thou  (halt  fee  how  apt  it  is  to  learn 
Any  hard  leflbn  that  may  do  thee  good. 

Claud,  Hath  Leonato  any  fon,  my  lord? 

Pedro,  No  child  but  Hero,  {he's  his  only  heir: 
Doft  thou  affect  her,  Claudio? 

Claud,  O  my  lord, 
When  you  went  onward  on  this  ended  action, 
I  look'd  upon  her  with  a  foldier's  eye; 
That  lik'd,  but  had  a  rougher  task  in  hand 
Than  to  drive  liking  to  the  name  of  love; 
But  now  I  am  return'd,  and  that  war-thoughts 
Have  left  their  places  vacant ;  in  their  rooms 
Come  thronging  foft  and  delicate  Defires, 
All  prompting  me  how  fair  young  Hero  isj 
Saying,  I  lik'd  her  ere  I  went  to  wars. 

Pedro. 


4-i *    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Pedro.  Thou  wilt  be  like  a  lover  prefently, 
And  tire  the  hearer  with  a  book  of  words  : 
If  thou  doft  love  fair  Hero,  cherifh  it, 
And  I  will  break  with  her :  and  with  her  Father, 
And  Thou  flialt  have  her :  was't  not  to  this  end, 
That  thou  began' ft  to  twift  fo  fine  a  ftory  ? 

Claud.  How  fweetly  do  you  minifter  to  love, 
That  know  love's  grief  by  his  comple&ion! 
But  left  my  liking  mighty  too  fudden  feem, 
I  would  have  falv'd  it  with  a  longer  treatife. 

Pedro.  What  need  the  bridge  much  broader  than  the 
flood? 
The  faireft  grant  is  the  neceffityj 
Look,  what  will  ferve,  is  fit;  'tis  once,  thoulov'ftj 
And  I  will  fit  thee  with  the  remedy. 
I  know,  we  fhall  have  revelling  to  night  j 
I  will  aflume  thy  part  in  fome  difguife, 
And  tell  fair  Hero  I  am  Claudio  -y 
And  in  her  bofom  I'll  unclafp  my  heart, 
And  take  her  hearing  prifoner  with  the  force 
And  ftrong  encounter  of  my  amorous  tale  : 
Then,  after,  to  her  father  will  I  break  j 
And  the  conclufion  is,  fhe  fhall  be  thine  -, 
In  pra&ice  let  us  put  it  prefently.  [Exeunt. 

Re-enter  Leonato  and  Antonio. 

Leon.  How  now,  brother,  where  is  my  Coufin  your 
fon?  hath  he  provided  this  mufick? 

Ant.  He  is  very  bufie  about  it*  but,  brother,  I  can 
tell  you  news  that  you  yet  dream'd  not  of. 

Leon.  Are  they  good? 

Ant.  As  the  event  ftamps  them,  but  they  have  a 
good  cover;  they  fhow  well  outward.  The  Prince  and 
Count  Claudio^  walking  in  a  thick-pleached  alley  in 
my  orchard,  were  thus  over-heard  by  a  man  of  mine:. 
The  Prince  di'fcover'd  to  Claudio^  that  he  lov'd  my  neice 
your  daughter,  and  meant  to  acknowledge  it  this  night 
in  a  dance  -,  and  if  he  found  her  accordant,  he  meant 
to  take  the  prefent  time  by  the  top,  and  inftantly  break 

with  you  ot  it. 

Leon. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    415 

Leon.  Hath  the  fellow  any  wit,  that  told  you  this  ? 

Ant.  A  good  {harp  fellow  -,  I  will  fend  for  him,  and 
queflion  him  your  felf. 

Leon.  No,  no>  we  will  hold  it  as  a  dream,  'till  it 
appear  it  felf:  but  I  will  acquaint  my  daughter  with- 
al, that  fhe  may  be  the  better  prepared  for  anfwer, 
if  perad venture  this  be  true*  go  you  and  tell  her  of 
it :  Coufins,  you  know  what  you  have  to  do.  [Several 
crofs  the  Stage  here."]  O,  I  cry  you  mercy,  friend,  go 
you  with  me  and  I  will  ufe  your  skill ;  good  Coufin, 
have  a  care  this  bufie  time.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE    changes  to  an  Apartment  in 
LeonatoV  Houfe. 

Enter  Don  John  and  Conrade. 
Cvnr.  \T  7  Hat  the  good-jer,  my  lord,  why  are  you 
VV    thus  out  of  meafure  fad? 

John.  There  is  no  meafure  in  the  occafion  that 
breeds  it,  therefore  the  fadnefs  is  without  limit, 

Conr.  You  fhould  hear  reafon. 

John.  And  when  I  have  heard  it,  what  Bleffing 
bringeth  it? 

Conr.  If  not  a  prefent  remedy,  yet  a  patient  fuf- 
ferance. 

John.  I  wonder,  that  thou  (being,  as  thou  fay'ft  thou 
art,  born  under  Saturn)  goeft  about  to  apply  a  moral 
medicine  to  a  mortifying  mifchief:  I  cannot  hide  what 
I  am:  I  muft  be  fad  when  I  have  caufe,  and  fmile  at 
no  man's  jefls  >  eat  when  I  have  ftomach,  and  wait 
for  no  man's  leifure;  fleep  when  I  am  drowfie,  and 
tend  on  no  man's  bufinefsj  laugh  when  I  am  merry, 
and  claw  no  man  in  his  humour. 

Conr.  Yea,  but  you  muft  not  make  the  full  {how 
of  this,  'till  you  may  do  it  without  controlement  5  you 
have  of  late  flood  out  againft  your  brother,  and  he 
hath  ta'en  you  newly  into  his  grace,  where  it  is  im- 
poflible  you  fhould  take  root,  but  by  the  fair  weather 
that  you  make  your  felf  j  it  is  needful  that  you  frame 
the  feafon  for  your  own  harveft. 

John. 


414   Match  AiDo  &kmt  Nothing 

John.  1  had  .rather  be  a  canker  in  a  liedge,  than  a 
rofe  in  his  grace;  and  it  better  fits  my  blood  to  be 
difdain'd  of  all,  than  to  fafhion  a  carriage  to  rob  love 
from  imy :  in  this,  (though  I  cannot  he  faixl  to  be  a 
flattering  ihoneit  man)  it  mA  aiot  :bc  deny'd  but  I 
am  a  plain-deaiin.g  villainy  I  am  traded  with  a  muz- 
2x1,  and  infr&nchSed  with  a -dog,  therefore  I  have  de- 
creed not  to  fing  in  my  cage:  if  I  jhad  my  mouth,  I 
would  bite  5  if  I  had  asry  liberty,  I  would  do  my  liking : 
in  Jibe  mean  time  let  nne  be  that  I  am,  and  feek  not 
to  .alter  me. 

Com. Can  you  make  no  ufe  of  your  difcontent? 

John.  I  will  make  all  ufe  of  it,  For  I  ufe  it  only. 
Who  comes  here?  ^what  news,,  Boraohio? 

J+mHr  Borachio. 

Bora.  Icame  yonder  from  a  great  £up  per;  the  Prince, 
your  brother,  is  royally  entertain'd  by  Leonato,  and  I 
can  give  you  intelligence  of  an  intended  marriage. 

John.  Willir;ferveffarany  model  to  build  mifchief 
on?  what  is  he  for  a  fool,  that  betroths  himfelf  to  un- 
quietnefs? 

Bora.  Marry,  it  is  your  brother's  right  hand. 

John.  Who,  the  moft  exquifite  Clmdio? 

Bora.  Even  he. 

John.  A  jprqper  Sguke!  and  who,  and  who?  which 
way  looks  he  ? 

&em.  Marry,  on//*w,  the  daughter  and  heir  ofXw- 

1MtO. 

Jjohn.  A  very. forward  March  chick!  How  come  yotf 

to  this? 

Mora.  Bejnj^cnwmin^  as  I  was 

fmoaking  a  mufty  room,  comes  me  the  Prince  and 
Clmdio  hand  in  hand  in  fed  conference :  I  whipt  be- 
hind the  Arras,  and  there  heard  it  agreed  upon,  that 
the  lPrince,ftiould  wooHeroSor  himfelf*  and  having  ob- 
tained her,  give  her  to  Count  Claudio. 

John.  Come,  come,  let  us  thither,  this  may  prove 
food  to  my  jdifpteakre ;  that  young  ftart-up  hath  all 
the  glory  of  my  overthrow^  if  I  can  croft  him  any 

way, 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    415 

way,  I  blefs  my  felf  every  way  $  you  are  both  fare, 
and  will  aflift  me. 

Cow.  To  the  death,  my  lord. 

John.  Let  us  to  the  great  fupper  j  their  Cheer  is  the 
greater,  that  I  am  fubdu'd  3  would  the  cook  were  of 
my  mind  !  — -mall  we  go  prove  what's  to  be  done? 

iBorti.  We'll  wait  upon  your  lordfhip.  [Exeunt. 


ACT   H. 

SCENE,  a  Hall  in  LeonatoV  Houfi. 

Enter  Leonato,   Antonio,   Hero,  Beatrice, 

Margaret  and  Urfula. 

L  lL   O   N   A    T    O. 

WA  S  not  Count  John  here  at  Supper? 
Ant.  I  faw  him  not. 
Beat.  Hbw  -tartly  that  gentleman  iooks ! 
I  never  can  fee  him,  but  I  am  freart-burn'd  an  hour 
after. 

Hero.  He  is  of  a  very  melancholy  difpofition. 

Beat.  He  were  an  excellent  man,  that  were  made  juft 
in  the  mid-way  between  him  and  Benedick;  the  one  is 
too  like  an  image,  and  feys  nothing  :  and  the  other 
too  like  my  lady's  eldeft  fon,  evermore  tatling. 

JLeon.  Then  half  Signior  Benedick's  tongue  fn  Count 
John's  mouth,  and  half  Count  John's  melancholy  in 
Signior  Benedick's  face 1 — 

Beat.  With  a  good  leg,  and  a  good  foot,  Uncle,  and 
mony  enough  in  his  purfe,  fuch  a  man  would  win  any 
woman  in  the  world,  if  he  could  get  her  good  Will. 

Leon.  By  my  troth,  Neice,  thou  wilt  never  get -thee 
a  husband,  if  thou  be  fo  ihrewd  of  thy  tongue. 

Ant.  In  faith,  {he's  too  curft. 

Beat, 


4i£    Much  Alio  about  Nothing. 

Beat.  Too  curft  is  more  than  curft  5  I  {hall  leflen 
God's  fending  that  way  5  for  it  is  faid,  God  fends  a 
curft:  Cow  fhort  horns  -,  but  to  a  Cow  too  curft  he  fends 
none. 

Leon.  So,  by  being  too  curft,  God  will  fend  you  no 
horns. 

Beat.  Juft,  if  he  fend  me  no  husband  ;  for  the  which 
Blefling  I  am  at  him  upon  my  knees  every  morn- 
ing and  evening :  Lord !  I  could  not  endure  a  huf- 
band  with  a  beard  on  his  face,  I  had  rather  lye  in 
woollen. 

Leon.  You  may  light  upon  a  husband,  that  hath  no 
beard. 

Beat.  What  fhould  I  do  with  him  ?  drefs  him  in  my 
apparel,  and  make  him  my  waiting-gentlewoman  ?  he 
that  hath  a  beard  is  more  than  a  youth,  and  he  that 
hath  no  beard  is  lefs  than  a  man  5  and  he  that  is  more 
than  a  youth,  is  not  for  me  j  and  he  that  is  lefs  than 
a  man,  I  am  not  for  him:  therefore  I  will  even  take 
fix  pence  in  earneft  of  the  beq.r-herd,  and  lead  his  apes 
into  hell. 

Leon.  Well  then,  go  you  into  hell, 

Beat.  No,  but  to  the  gate  5  and  there  will  the  de- 
vil meet  me,  like  an  old  cuckold,  with  his  horns  on 
his  head,  and  fay,  "  get  you  to  heaven,  Beatrice,  get 
"  you  to  heav'n,  here's  no  place  for  you  maids."  fo 
deliver  I  up  m£  apes,  and  away  to  St.  Peter^  for  the- 
heav'ns  •,  he  fhews  me  where  the  batchelors  fit,  and 
there  live  we  as  merry  as  the  day  is  long. 

Ant.  Well,  Neice,  I  truft,  you  will  be  rul'd  by  your 
father.  P*  Hero. 

Beat.  Yes,  faith,  it  is  my  Coufin's  duty  to  make 
curtfie,  and  fay,  Father^  as  it  pleafe  you  y  but  yet  for 
all  that,  Coufin,  let  him  be  a  handfome  fellow,  or 
elfe  make  another  curtfie,  and  fay,  Father,  as  it  pleafes 

me.  . 

Leon.  Well,  Neice,  I  hope  to  fee  you  one  day  fitted 

with  a  husband. 

Beat.  Not  'till  God  make  men  of  fomc  other  metal 
than  earth  5  would  it  not  grieve  a  woman  to  be  over- 

malter* 


I  MuCMADO^k/NoTHING.     4*7 

mafter'd  with  a  piece  of  valiant  duft?  to  make  account 
of  her  life  to  a  clod  of  way-ward  marie  ?  no,  uncle, 
I'll  none  5  Adam's  ions  are  my  brethren,  and  truly,  I 
hold  it  a  fin  to  match  in  my  kindred. 

Leon.  Daughter,  remember,  what  I  told  you  5  if  the 
Prince  do  follicit  you  in  that  kind,  you  know  your  an- 
fwer. 

Beat.  The  fault  will  be  in  the  mufick,  coufin,  if  you 
be  not  woo'd  in  good  time  5  (4)  If  the  Prince  be  too 
important,  tell  him,  there  is  meafure  in  every  thing, 
and  fo  dance  out  the  Anfwcr ;  for  hear  me,  Hero, 
wooing,  wedding,  and  repenting,  is  as  a  Scotch  jig,  a 
meafure,  and  a  cinque-pace  5  the  firft  fuit  is  hot  and 
hafty,  like  a  Scotch  jig,  and  full  as  fantaftical  -,\  the 
wedding  mannerly-modeft,  as  a  meafure,  full  of  ftate 
and  anchentryj  and  then  comes  repentance,  and  with 
his  bad  legs  falls  into  the  cinque-pace  fafter  and  fafter, 
'till  he  finks  into  his  grave. 

Leon.  Coufin,  you  apprehend  paffing  fhrewdly. 

Beat.  I  have  a  good  eye,  uncle,  I  can  fee  a  church 
by  day-light. 

Leon.  The  revellers  are  entring,  brother  $  make  good 
room. 

Enter  Don   Pedro,  Claudio,  Benedick,  Balthazar,  and 
others  in  Mafquerade. 

Pedro.  Lady,  will  you  walk  about  with  your  friend  ? 

Hero.  So  you  walk  foftly,  and  look  fweetly,  and  fay 
nothing,  I  am  yours  for  the  walk,  and  efpecially  when 
I  walk  away.  ,.  , 

Pedro.  With  me  in  your  company  ? 

Hero.  I  may  fay  fo,  when  I  pleafe. 

Pedro.  And  when  pleafe  you  to  fay  fo? 

(4)  If  the  Prince  be  too  importunate,]  This  is  the  Reading  only  of 
Mr.  Pope's  Impreffions,  as  I  can  find,  and  warranted  by  none  of  the 
Copies.  I  have  reftor'd  with  all  the  old  Books,  important  i  i.  e.  if  the 
Prince  be  too  forcible,  preffing,  lays  too  much  Strefs  on  his  Suit,  &c. 
The  Poet  employs  this  word  again,  in  the  like  Signification,  in  K.  Lear. 

__ —  therefore  great  France 

My  Mourning,  and  important  Tears  hath  pitied. 

Vol.  I.  Ec  Hero. 


4i  8     Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Hero.  When  I  like  your  favour ;  for  God  defend,  the 
lute  ihould  be  like  the  cafe  ! 

Pedro,  (f)  My  vifor  is  P?;lic;;ion$  roof;  within  the 
houfe  is  Jove* 

Hero.  Why,  then  your  vifor  fhould  be  thatch'd. 

(5)  My  Vifor  is  Philemon'/  Roof,  within  the  Houfe  is  Love.]  Thus 
the  whole  Stream  of  the  Copies,  from  the  firit  downwards.  I  mult  own, 
this  Paflage  for  a  long  while  appeard  very  obfeure  to  me,  anH  gave^  me 
much  Trouble  in  attempting  to  underitand  it.  Hero  fays  to  Do-:  Pedro, 
God  forbid,  the  Lute  ihouTd  be  like  the  Cafe !  i.  e.  that  your  Face 
ihould  be  as  homely  and  as  courie  as  your  Mask.  Upon  this,  Don  Pe- 
dro compares  his  Vifor  to  Philemon 's  Roof.  'Tis  plain,  the  Poet  alludes 
to  the  Story  of  Baucis  and  Philemon  from  Ovid:  And  this  old  Cou- 
ple, as  the' Rowan  Poet  defcribes  it,  liv'd  in  a  thatch" d  Cottage; 

> Stipulis  &  can?:  a  teiia  falufiri. 

But  why,  Within  the  Houfe  is  Love  ?  Baucis  and  Philemon,  'tis  true,  had 
liv'd  to  old  Age  together,  in  a  comfortable  State  of  Agreement.  But 
Piety  and  Hoipitalitv  are  the  top  Parts  of  their  Character.  Our  Poet  un- 
questionably goes  a  little  deeper  into  the  Story.  Tho*  this, old  Pair  Jiv'd 
in  a  Cottage,  this  Cottage  receiv'd  two  itraggling  Gods,  (Jupiter 'and 
Mercury)  under  its  Roof.  So,  Don  Pedro  is  a  Prince;  and  tho1  his 
Vilor  is  but  ordinary,  he  would  inhnuate  to  Hero,  that  he  has  fome- 
thing  god-like  within':  alluding  either  to  his  Dignity,  or  the  Qualities  of 
his  Perfon  and  Mind.  By  thefe  Circumftances,  I  am  fure,  the  Thought 
is  mended :  as,  I  think  verily,  the  Text  is  too  by  the  Change  of  a  fmgle 
Letter. 

'■  within  the  Houfe  is  Jove. 

I  made  this  Correction  in  my  Shakespeare  rejlord ;  and 
Mr.  Pope  has  vouchtaf  d  to  adopt  it,  in  his  laft  Edition.  Nor  is  this 
Emendation  a  little  cc-nfirm'd  by  another  Paifage  in  our  Author,  in 
which  he  plainly  alludes  to  the  fame  Story.     As  you  like  it. 

Clown.   /  am  here  with  thee  and  thy  Goats,    as  the  moft   capricious 

P.  ft,  hcnefl  Ovid,  was  among jl  the  Goths. 
Jaq.    O    Knowledge  ill  inhabited,     worfe   than  Jove   in    a    thatch'd 

Houfe. 
I  am  naturally  drawn  here  to  corrett  a  PafTage   in   Beaumont  and 
etcher's  Two  Noble  Kin/men,  where  a  Fault  of  the  like  Kind  has  ob- 
tain'd  in  all  the  Copies. 

- here  Lome  h'unfelf fits  fmiling\ 

Juft  fuch  Another  wanton  Ganymede 
Set  Love  afire  with,    and  enforcd  the  God 
Snatch  up  the  goodly  Boy,  and  fet  him  by  him 
A  jhlnirg  Conficilation  :  " 

All  my  Readers',  who  are  acquainted  with  the  poetical  Hiftory  here 
to,  will  concur  with  me  in  the  Certainty  of  the  following  Emen- 
dation : 

Jufi  fuch  Another  wanton  Ganymede 

t  Jove  a-fire  with,  > 

Pedro, 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing,    412 

1    Pedro.  Speak  low,  if  you  fpeak  love. 

j    Balth.  Well  5  I  would,  you  did  like  me.  (6) 

Marg.  So  would  not  I  for  your  own  fake,  for  I  have 
(many  ill  qualities. 
f     Balth.   Which  is  one? 

Marg.  I  fay  my  Prayers  aloud. 
Balth.  I  love  you  the  better,  the  hearers  may  cry 
Amen. 

Marg.  God  match  me  with  a  good  dancer  ! 
Balth.  Amen. 

Marg.  And  God  keep  him  out  of  my  fight  when  the 
| dance  is  done!  Anfwer,  Clerk. 

Balth.  No  more  words,  the  clerk  is  anfwer'd. 
Urf.  I  know  you  well  enough j  you  are  Signior  An- 
, ;  tonio. 

Ant.  At  a  word,  I  am  not. 
I     Vrf.  I  know  you  by  the  wagling  of  your  head. 
Ant.  To  tell  you  true,  I  counterfeit  him. 
Urf.  You  could    never   do  him  fo    ill-well,  unlefs 
you  were  the  very  man :  here's  his  dry  hand  up  and 
down  j  you  are  he,  you  are  he. 
Ant.  At  a  word,  I  am  not. 
.      Urf.  Come,  come,  do  you  think,  I  do  not  know  you 
I  by  your  excellent  wit  ?  can  virtue  hide  it  felf  ?  go  to, 
mum,  you  are  he;   graces  will  appear,  and  there's  an 
end. 
i       Beat.  Will  you  not  tell  me,  who  told  you  fo  ? 
Bene.  No,  you  fhall  pardon  me. 
Beat.  Nor  will  you  not  tell  me,  who  you  are? 
Bene.  Not  now. 

Beat.  That  I  was  difdainful,  and  that  I  had  my  good 
Wit  out  of  the  Hundred  merry  Tales  5  well,  this  was 
Signior  Benedick  that  faid  fo. 
Bene.  What's  he? 

(6)  Balth.  Well',  I  would, you  did  like  me."]  This  and  the  two  fol- 
lowing little  Speeches ,  which  I  have  placed  to  Balthafar,  are  in  all  the 
printed  Copies  given  to  Benedick.  But,  'tis  clear,  the  Dialogue  here 
ought  to  be  betwixt  Baltbafar,  and  Margaret :  Benedick,  a  little  lower, 
converfes  with  Beatrice  ;  and  fo  every  Man  talks  with  his  Woman  once 
round. 

£  e  &  Beat. 


4io    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Beat .  I  am  fure,  you  know  him  well  enough. 

Bene,  Not  I,  believe  me. 

Beat.  Did  he  never  make  you  laugh? 

Bene.  I  pray  you,  what  is  he  ? 

Beat.  Why,  he  is  the  Prince's  jefter-,  a  very  dull  fool, 
only  his  gift  is  in  deviling  impoflible  (landers :  none 
but  libertines  delight  in  him,  and  the  commendation 
is  not  in  his  wit,  but  in  his  villany,  for  he  both 
pleafeth  men  and  angers  them,  and  then  they  laugh  at 
him,  and  beat  him  j  I  am  fure,  he  is  in  the  fleet  j  I  would, 
he  had  boarded  me. 

Bene.  When  I  know  the  gentleman,  I'll  tell  him 
what  you  fay. 

Beat.  Do,  do,  he'll  but  break  a  comparifon  or  two  on 
me>  which,  peradventure,  not  mark'd,  or  not  laugh'd 
at,  ftrikes  him  into  melancholy,  and  then  there's  a 
partridge  wing  fav'd,  for  the  fool  will  eat  no  fupper 
that  night.     We  mull  follow  the  leaders. 

\Mufick  within. 

Bene.  In  every  good  thing. 

Beat.  Nay,  if  they  lead  to  any  ill,  I  will  leave  them 
at  the  next  turning.  [Exeunt. 

Manent  John,  Borachio,  and  Claudio. 

John.  Sure,  my  brother  is  amorous  on  Hero^  and  hath 
withdrawn  her  father  to  break  with  him  about  it:  the 
ladies  follow  her,  and  but  one  vifor  remains. 

Bora.? And  that  is  Claudio-,  I  know  him  by  his  Bear- 
ing- 

John.  Are  you  not  Signior  Benedick  ? 

Claud.  You  know  me  well,  I  am  he. 

John.  Signior,  you  are  very  near  my  brother  in  his 
love, he  is  cnamour'don  Hero,  I  pray  you,  difluade  him 
Irom  her,  ihe  is  no  equal  for  his  birth  j  you  may  do  the 
part  of  an  honed  man  in  it. 

Chud.  How  know  ye,  he  loves  her? 

John.  I  heard  him  (wear  his  affefition. 

Bora.  So  did  I  too,  and  he  fwore  he  would  marry 
her  to  night. 

John. 


M u c h  A d o  about  Nothing,    411 

John,  Come,  let  us  to  the  banquet. 

[Exeunt  John  and  Bor» 

Claud.  Thus  anfwer  I  in  name  of  Benedick, 
But  hear  this  ill  news  with  the  ears  of  Claudio. 
'Tis  certain  fo,  the  Prince  wooes  for  himfelf. 
Friendfliip  is  conftant  in  all  other  things, 
Save  in  the  office  and  affairs  of  love* 
Therefore  all  hearts  in  love  ufe  their  own  tongues, 
Let  every  eye  negotiate  for  it  felf, 
And  truft  no  agent  j  beauty  is  a  witch, 
Againft  whofe  charms  faith  melteth  into  blood. 
This  is  an  accident  of  hourly  proof, 
Which  I  miftrufted  not.    Farewel  then,  Here  ! 

Enter  Benedick. 

Bene.  Count  Claudia? 

Claud.  Yea,  the  fame. 

Bene.  Come,  will  you  go  with  me? 

Claud.  Whither  ? 

Bene.  Even  to  the  next  W-llow,  about  your  own 
bufinefs,  Count.  What  fafhion  will  you  wear  the  gar- 
land of  ?  about  your  neck,  like  an  Ufurer's  chain  ? 
or  under  your  arm,  like  a  Lieutenant's  fcarf  ?  you 
muft  wear  it  oije  way,  for  the  Prince  hath  got  your 
Hero. 

Claud.  I  wiih  him  joy  of  her. 

Bene.  Why,  that's  ipoken  like  an  honeft:  drover  j  fo 
they  fell  bullocks :  but  did  you  think,  the  Prince  would 
have  ferved  you  thus  ? 

Claud.  I  pray  you,  leave  me. 

Bene.  Ho  !  now  you  ftrike  like  the  blind  man  •,  'twas 
the  boy  that  ilole  your  meat,  and  you'll  beat  the 
poft. 

Claud.  If  it  will  not  be,  I'll  leave  you.  {Exit. 

Bene.  Alas,  poor  hurt  fowle!  now  will  he  creep 
into  fedges.  But  that  my  lady  Beatrice  fhould  know 
me,  and  not  know  me!  the  Prince's  fool!  ha?  it 
may  be,  I  go  under  that  Title,  becaufe  I  am  merry ; 
yea,  but  fo  I  am  apt  to  do  my  felf  wrong:  I  am  not 
fo  reputed.    It  is  the  bafe  (tho'  bitter)  difpofition  of 

Ee  5  Beatrice 


4*2<    Much  Ado^?WNothing. 

Beatrice,  that  puts  the  world  into  her  perfon,  and  fo 
gives  me  out  j  well,  I'll  be  revenged  as  I  may. 

Enter  Don  Pedro. 

Pedro.  Now,  Signior,  where's  the  Count  ?  did  you 
fee  him  ? 

Bene.  Troth,  my  lord,  I  have  play'd  the  part  of  lady 
Fame.  I  found  him  here  as  melancholy  as  a  lodge  in 
a  warren,  I  told  him  (and  I  think,  told  him  true)  that 
your  Grace  had  got  the  Will  of  this  young  lady,  and 
I  offer'd  him  my  company  to  a  willow  tree,  either  to 
make  him  a  garland,  as  being  forfaken,  or  to  bind  him 
up  a  rod,  as  being  worthy  to  be  whipt. 

Pedro.  To  be  whipt !  what's  his  fault  ? 

Bene.  The  flat  tranfgreffion  of  a  fchool-boy;  who, 
being  over-joy'd  with  finding  a  bird's  neft,  fhews  it 
his  companion,  and  he  fteals  it. 

Pedro.  Wilt  thou  make  a  truft,  a  tranfgreffion?  the 
tranfgreffion  is  in  the  ftealer. 

Bene.  Yet  it  had  not  been  amifs,  the  rod  had  been 
made,  and  the  garland  too  ;  for  the  garland  he  might 
have  worn  himfelf,  and  the  rod  he  might  have  be- 
ftow'd  on  you,  who  (as  I  take  it)  have  ftoPn  his  bird's 
neft. 

Pedro.  I  will  but  teach  them  to  fing,  and  reftore 
them  to  the  owner. 

Bene.  If  their  finging  anfwer  your  faying,  by  my 
faith,  you  fay  honeftly. 

Pedro.  The  lady  Beatrice  hath  a  quarrel  to  you ;  the 
gentleman,  that  dane'd  with  her,  told  her  fhe  is  much 
wrong'd  by  you. 

Bene.  O,  the  mifus'd  me  pad  the  induranee  of  a 
block  ;  an  oak,  but  with  one  green  leaf  on  it,  would 
have  anfwer'd  her  ;  my  very  vifor  began  to  aflume 
life,  and  fcold  with  her;  {he  told  me,  not  thinking  I 
had  been  my  felf,  that  I  was  the  Prince's  jefter,  and 
that  I  was  duller  than  a  great  thaw;    (7)  hudling  jeft 

upon 

(?)  — —  hudling  jeft  upon  jeft,  nvith  fuch  impoflible  conveyance, 
upon  me.]     Thus  all  the  printed  Copies;  but  I  freely  confefs,  I  can't 

poflibly 


Much  Ado  ^/Nothing.    423 

npnnpft,  with  fuch  impaffable  conveyance  upon  me, 
that  :  llrood  like  a  man  at  a  mark,  with  a  whole  army 
L  noting  at  mej  fhe  fpeaks  Ponyards,  and  every  word 
flans  >  ir"  her  breath  were  as  terrible  as  her  terminati- 
on^, there  were  no  living  near  her,  fhe  would  infecT: 
to  the  Notch-Star*  I  would  not  marry  her,  though  ilie 
were  endowed  with  all  that  Adam  had  left  him  before  he 
tranfgrefs'dj  fhe  would  have  made  Hercules  have  turn'd 
Spit,  yea,  and  have  cleft  his  club  to  make  the  fire  too. 
Come,  talk  not  of  her,  you  fhall  find  her  the  infernal. 
Ate  in  good  apparel.  I  would  to  God,  fome  fcholar 
would  conjure  her  \  for,  certainly,  while  fhe  is  here 
a  man  may  live  as  quiet  in  hell  as  in  a  fan&uary,  and 
people  fin  upon  purpofe,  becaufe  they  would  go  thi- 
ther $  fo,  indeed,  all  difquiet,  horror,  and  perturbation 
follow  her. 

Enter  Claud io,  Beatrice,  Leonato  and  Hero. 

Pedro.  Look,  here  ilie  comes. 

Bene.  Will  your  Grace  command  me  any  fervice  to 
the  world's  end?  I  will  go  on  the  flighted  errand  now 
to  the  Antipodes,  that  you  can  devife  to  fend  me  on ; 
I  will  fetch  you  a  tooth-picker  now  from  the  fartheft 
inch  of  Afia  >  bring  you  the  length  of  Prefter  John's 
foot  j  fetch  you  a  hair  off  the  great  Cham's  beard  >  do 
you  any  ambaflage  to  the  pigmies,  rather  than  hold  three 
words  conference  with  this  harpy  $  you  have  no  em- 
ployment for  me? 

Pedro.  None,  but  to  defire  your  good  company. 

Bene,  O  God,  Sir,  here's  a  difli  I  love  not.  I  can-, 
not  indure  this  Lady  Tongue. 

Pedro.  Come,  Lady,  come*  you  have  loft  the  heart 
of  Signior  Benedick. 

Beat,  Indeed,  my  Lord,  he  lent  it  me  a  while,  and  I 
gave  him  ufe  for  it,  a  double  heart  for  a  fingle  one  $ 

poffibly  underftand  the  Phrafe.  I  have  ventured  to  fubftitute  impajfable. 
To  make  a  Pafs  (in  Fencing,)  is,  to  thruft.  pufti  :  and  by  impafable,  I 
prefume,  the  Poet  meant,  that  lie  pufh'd  her  jefts  upon  him  with  fuch 
Saviftnefs,  that  it  was  impofiible  for  him  to  pafs  them  off,  to  party 
them, 

E  e  4  marry, 


414   Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

marry,  once  before  he  won  it  of  me  with  falfe  dice, 
therefore  your  Grace  may  well  fay,  I  have  loft  it. 

Pedro.  You  have  put  him  down,  Lady,  you  have 
put  him  down. 

Beat.  So  I  would  not  he  iriould  do  me,  my  Lord, 
left  I  mould  prove  the  mother  of  fools :  I  have  brought 
Count  Claudio^  whom  you  fent  me  to  feek. 

Pedro*  Why,  how  now,  Count,  wherefore  are  you 
fad? 

Claud.  Not  fad,  my  Lord. 
Pedro.  How  then  ?  fick  ? 
Claud.  Neither,  my  Lord. 

Beat*  The  Count  is  neither  fad,  nor  fick,  nor  merry, 
nor  well  >  but  civil,  Count,  civil  as  an  orange,  and  fome* 
thing  of  that  jealous  complexion. 

Pedro.  I'faith,  Lady,  I  think  your  blazon  to  be  true$ 
though  I'll  be  fworn,  if  he  be  fo,  his  conceit  is  falfe. 
Here,  Claudio^  I  have  wooed  in  thy  name,  and  fair 
Hero  is  won  >  I  have  broke  with  her  father,  and  his 
good  will  obtained  5  name  the  day  of  marriage,  and 
God  give  thee  joy. 

Leon.  Count,  take  of  me  my  daughter,  and  with  her 
my  fortunes :  his  Grace  hath  made  the  match,  and  all 
grace  fay,  Amen,  to  it. 

Beat.  Speak,  Count,  'tis  your  cue. — 
Claud.  Silence  is  the  perfefteft  herald  of joy  $  I  were 
but  little  happy,  if  I  could  fay  how  much.     Lady,  as 
you  are  mine,  I  am  yours :    I  give  away  my  felf  for 
you,  and  doat  upon  the  exchange. 

Beat.   Speak,  Coufin,   or  (if  you  cannot)   flop  his 
mouth  with  a  kifs,  and  let  him  not  fpeak  neither. 
Pedro.  In  faith,  Lady,  you  have  a  merry  heart. 
Beat.  Yea,  my  Lord,  I  thank  it,  poor  fool,  it  keeps 
on  the  windy  fide  of  care  ;  my  coufin  tells  him  in  his 
car  that  he  is  in  her  heart. 

Claud.  And  fo  {he  doth,  coufin. 
Beat.  Good  Lord,  for  alliance !  thus  goes  every  one 
to  the  world  but  I,  and   I  am  fun-burn'd  j   I  may  fit 
in  a  corner,  and  cry  heigh  ho  !  for  a  husband. 
Pedro.  Lady  Beatrice*  I  will  get  you  one. 

Beat. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    42.5 

Beat.  I  would  rather  have  one  of  your  Father's  get* 
ting  :  hath  your  Grace  ne'er  a  brother  like  you?  your 
Father  got  excellent  husbands,  if  a  maid  could  come 
by  them. 

Pedro.  Will  you  have  me,  Lady  ? 
Beat.  No,  my  Lord,  unlefs  I  might  have  another  for 
working-days ;  your  Grace  is  too  coftly  to  wear  every 
day  :  but,  I  befeech  your  Grace,  pardon  me,  I  was 
born  to  fpeak  all  mirth  and  no  matter. 

Pedro.  Your  filence  moft  offends  me,  and  to  be  mer- 
ry beft  becomes  you  5  for,  out  of  queftion,  you  were 
born  in  a  merry  hour. 

Beat.  No,  fure,  my  Lord,  my  mother  cry'd  5  but  then 
there  was  a  ftar  danc'd,  and  under  that  I  was  born. 
Coufins,  God  give  you  joy. 

Leon.  Neice,  will  you  look  to  thofe  things  I  told 
you  of? 

Beat.  I  cry  you  mercy,  Uncle  :  by  your  Grace's 
pardon,  {Exit  Beatrice. 

Pedro.  By  my  troth,  a  pleafant-fpirited  Lady. 
Leon.  There's  little  of  the  melancholy  element  in  her, 
my  Lord  5  ihe  is  never  fad  but  when  (he  fleeps,  and  not 
ever  fad  then  5  (8)  for  I  have  heard  my  daughter  fay, 
fee  hath  often  dream'd  of  an  happinefsj  and  wak'd  her 
felf  with  laughing. 

Pedro.  She  cannot  endure  to  hear  tell  of  a  huf- 
band. 

Leon.  O,  by  no  means,  fhe  mocks  all  her  wooers  out 
of  fuit. 

Pedro.  She  were  an  excellent  wife  for  Benedick. 
Leon.  O  Lord,  my  Lord,  if  they  were  but  a  week 
marry'd,  they  would  talk  themfelves  mad. 

Pedro.  Count  Claudio,  when  mean  you  to  go  to 
church  ? 

(8)  For  I  ba<ve  beard  my  daughter  fay,  She  hath  often  dream 'd  of  an- 
happinefs,  and  ivak'd  her  felf  with  laughing.']  Tho'  all  the  Impreffionfc 
agree  in  this  Reading,  furely,  'tis  abfolutely  repugnant  to  what  Leonat* 
intends  to  fay,  which  is  this ;  "  Beatrice  is  never  fad,  but  when  lhe 
"  fleeps;  and  not  ever  fad  then;  for  {he  hath  often  dream'd  of  fome- 
"  thing  merry,  (an  happinefs,  as  the  Poet  phrafes  it,)  and  wak'd  herleif 
"  with  laughing". 

Claud. 


42.6    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Claud.  To  morrow,  my  Lord ;  time  goes  on  crutches, 
'tijl  love  have  all  his  rites. 

Leon.  Not,  'till  Monday,  my  dear  fon,  which  is  hence 
a  juft  feven-night,  and  a  time  too  brief  too,  to  have  all 
things  anfwer  my  mind. 

Pedro.-  Come,  you  fhake  the  head  at  fo  long  a 
breathing  >  but,  I  warrant  thee,  Claudio,  the  time  mail 
not  go  dully  by  us ;  I  will  in  the  Interim  undertake 
one  of  Hercules's  labours,  which  is  to  bring  Signior 
Benedick  and  the  Lady  Beatrice  into  a  mountain  of  af~ 
fe&ion  the  one  with  the  other;  I  would  fain  have  it 
a  match,  and  I  doubt  not  to  fafhion  it,  if  you  three 
will  but  minifter  fuch  afliftance  as  I  ihall  give  you  di^ 
re£Hon. 

Leon.  My  Lord,  I  am  for  you,  though  it  coft  me  ten 
nights  watch ings. 

Claud.  And  1,  my  Lord. 

Pedro.  And  you  too,  gentle  Hero  ? 

Hero.  I  will  do  any  modeft  office,  my  Lord,  to  help 
my  Coufin  to  a  good  husband. 

Pedro.  And  Benedick  is  not  the  unhopefulleft  huf- 
band  that  I  know  :  thus  far  I  can  praife  him,  he  is  of 
a  noble  ftrain,  of  approv'd  valour,  and  confirm'd  ho- 
nefty.  I  will  teach  you  how  to  humour  your  Coufin, 
that  me  mail  fall  in  love  with  Benedick  \  and  I,  with 
your  two  helps,  will  fo  pra&ife  on  Benedick,  that  in 
defpight  of  his  quick  wit,  and  his  queafie  ftomach,  he 
ihall  fall  in  love  with  Beatrice:  if  we  can  do  this,  Cu- 
pid is  no  longer  an  archer,  his  glory  mall  be  ours,  for 
we  are  the  only  Love-Gods  •>  go  in  with  me,  and  I 
will  tell  you  my  drift.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to   another  Apartment  in 

LeonatoV  Houfe. 

Enter  Don  John  and  Borachio. 

John.  T  T  is  fo,  the   Count   Claudio  mail   marry  the 
JL  Daughter  of  Lecnato. 
Bora.  Yea,  my  Lord,  but  I  can  crofs  it. 

John, 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    427 

John.  Any  bar,  any  crofs,  any  impediment  will  be 
medicinable  to  me  $  \  am  fick  in  difpleafurc  to  him  5 
and  whatfoever  comes  athwart  his  affe&ion,  ranges 
evenly  with  mine.  How  canft  thou  crofs  this  mar- 
riage ? 

Bora.  Not  honeftly,  my  Lord,  but  fo  covertly  that 
no  difhonefty  fhall  appear  in  me. 

John.  Shew  me  briefly  how. 

Bora.  I  think,  I  told  your  lordfliip  a  year  fince,  how 
much  I  am  in  the  favour  of  Margaret^  the  waiting- 
gentlewoman  to  Hero. 

John.  I  remember. 

Bora.  1  can,  at  any  unfeafonable  inftant  of  the  night, 
appoint  her  to  look  out  at  her  Lady's  chamber-win- 
dow. 

John.  -What  life  is  in  That,  to  be  the  death  of  this 
marriage  ? 

Bora.  The  poifon  of  That  lyes  in  you  to  temper  5  go 
you  to  the  Prince  your  brother,  fpare  not  to  tell  him, 
that  he  hath  wrong'd  his  Honour  in  marrying  the  re- 
nown'd  Claudio,  (whofe  eftimation  do  you  mightily 
hold  up)  to  a  contaminated  Stale,  fuch  a  one  as  Hero. 

John.  What  proof  fhall  I  make  of  That? 

Bora.  Proof  enough,  to  mifufe  the  Prince,  to  vex 
ClaudiO}  to  undo  Hero9  and  kill  Leonato  5  look  you  for 
any  other  iflue? 

John.  Only  to  defpite  them,  I  will  endeavour  any 
thing. 

(9)  Bora.  Go  then  find  me  a  meet  hour,  to  draw  Don 

PedrOj 

(9)  Bora.  Go  then,  find  me  a  meet  hour  to  draw  on  Pedro  and  the 

Count  Claudio,  alone }  tell  them  that  you  know  Hero  hues  me  ;  — 

Offer  them  Injlances  which  fhall  bear  no  lefs  Likelihood  than  to  fee 

me  at  her  Chamber-window  ;  hear  me  call  Margaret,  Hero ;  hear 

Margaret  term  me  Claudio;  and  bring  them  to  fee  this  the  <vety 

night  before  the  intended  Wedding!]     Thus  the  whole  Stream  of  the 

Editions  from  the  firft  Quarto  downwards.     I  am  oblig'd  here  to  give 

a  fhort  Account  of  the  Plot  depending,    that  the  Emendation  I  have 

made  may  appear  the  more  clear  and  unqueftionable.     The  Bufinefs 

ftands  thus:  Claudio,  a  Favourite  of  the  Arragon  Prince,  is,  by  his  In- 

terceflions  with    her  Father,  to   be  married   to  fair  Hero.     Don  John, 

Natural  Brother  of  the  Prince,  and  a  Hater  of  Claudio,  is  in  his  Spleen 

zealous 


418    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Pedro^  and  the  Count  Claudio,  alone ;  tell  them,  that 
you  know,  Hero  loves  me  j  intend  a  kind  of  zeal  both 
to  the  Prince  and  Claudio^  (as  in  a  love  of  your  Bro- 
ther's honour  who  hath  made  this  match  5)  and  his 
friend's  reputation,  (who  is  thus  like  to  be  cozen'd  with 
the  femblance  of  a  maid,)  that  you  have  difcover'd 
thus  >  they  will  hardly  believe  this  without  tryal :  of- 
fer them  inftances,  which  fhall  bear  no  lefs  likelihood 
than  to  fee  me  at  her  chamber- window  5  hear  me  call 
Margaret j  Hero  j  hear  Margaret  term  me  Borachio  $  and 
bring  them  to  fee  this,  the  very  night  before  the  in* 
tended  Wedding  j  for  in  the  mean  time  I  will  fo  fafhion 
the  matter,  that  Hero  fhall  be  abfentj  and  there  fhall 
appear  fuch  feeming  truths  of  Heroes  difloyalty,  that 
jealoufie  fhall  be  call'd  afliirance,  and  all  the  preparati- 
on overthrown. 

John.  Grow  this  to  what  adverfe  iflue  it  can,  I  will 
put  it  in  practice :  be  cunning  in  the  working  this,  and 
thy  fee  is  a  thoufand  ducats. 

zealous  to  difappoint  the  Match.  Borachio,  a  rafcally  Dependant  on 
Don  John,  offers  his  Afliftance,  and  engages  to  break  off  the  Marriage 
by  this  Stratagem.  "  Tell  the  Prince  and  Claudio  (fays  He)  that  Hem 
*'  is  in  Love  with  Me ;  they  wont  believe  it;  offer  them  Proofs,  as  that 
"  they  fhall  fee  me  converfe  with  her  in  her  Chamber-window  ;  I  am 
"  in  the  good  Graces  of  her  Waiting-woman  Margaret  j  and  I'll 
41  prevail  with  Margaret  at  a  dead  Hour  of  Night  to  perfonate 
"  her  Miftrefs  Hero;  do  you  then  hring  the  Prince  and  Claudio  to 
rf  overhear  our  Difcourfe;  and  They  fhall  have  the  Torment  to  hear 
"  me  addrefs  Margaret  by  the  Name  of  Hero,  and  her  fay  fweet  things 

°*  to  me  by  the  Name  of  Claudio" This  is  the  Subftance  of 

Barachio's  Device  to  make  Hero  fufpected  of  Difloyalty,  and  to  break 
off  her  Match  with  Claudio.  But,  in  the  Name  of  common  Senfe, 
could  it  difpleafe  Claudio  to  hear  his  Miftrefs  making  Ufe  of  his  Name 
tenderly  ?  If  he  favv  another  Man  with  her,  and  heard  her  call  him 
Claudio,  he  might  reafonably  think  her  betray'd,  but  not  have  the  fame 
Rcafon  to  accuie  her  of  Difloyalty.  Befides,  how  could  her  naming 
Claudio  make  the  Prince  and  Claudio  believe  that  She  lov'd  Borachio, 
as  he  defires  Don  John  to  infinuate  to  them  that  She  did  ?  The  Cir- 
cimihnces  weighed,  there  is  no  Doubt  but  the  Paflage  ought  to  be  re- 
formM,  as  I  have  fettled  in  the  Text. 
—  hear  me  call  Margaret,  Hero;  hear  Margaret  term  wBorachio. 

I  made  this  Correction  in  my  Shakespeare  record,  and  Mr.  Pope 
ha;  thought  fit  tacitly  to  embrace  it  in  his  laft  Edition. 

John 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    429 

Bora.  Be  thou  conftant  in  the  accufation,   and  my 
cunning  fhall  not  fliame  me. 

John.  1  will  prefently  go  learn  their  day  of  marriage. 

[Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  LconatoV  Orchard. 

Enter  Benedick,  and  a  Boy. 

Bene.  T>OYj 

J3     Boy.  Signior, 

Bene.  In  my  chamber  window  lies  a  book,  bring  ic 
hither  to  me  in  the  orchard. 

Boy.  I  am  here  already,  Sir.  [Exit  Boy. 

Bene.  I  know  that,  but  1  would  have  thee  hence, 
and  here  again.  —  I  do  much  wonder,  that  one  man, 
feeing  how  much  another  man  is  a  fool,  when  he  de- 
dicates his  behaviours  to  love,  will,  after  he  hath  laught 
at  fuch  {hallow  follies  in  others,  become  the  argument 
of  his  own  fcorn,  by  falling  in  love!  and  fuch  a  man 
is  Claudio.  I  have  known,  when  there  was  no  mufick 
with  him  but  the  drum  and  the  fife*  and  now  had  he 
rather  hear  the  taber  and  the  pipe*  I  have  known, 
when  he  would  have  walk'd  ten  mile  a-foot,  to  fee  a 
good  armour  >  and  now  will  he  lye  ten  nights  awake, 
carving  the  fafhion  of  a  new  doublet.  He  was  wont 
to  fpeak  plain,  and  to  the  purpofe,  like  an  honeft 
man  and  a  foldier$  and  now  is  he  turn'd  orthographer, 
his  words  are  a  very  fantaftical  banquet,  juft  fo  many 
ftrange  difhes.  May  I  be  fo  converted,  and  fee  with 
thefe  eyes  ?  I  cannot  tell  5  I  think  not.  I  will  not  be 
fworn,  but  love  may  transform  me  to  an  oyfterj  but 
I'll  take  my  oath  on  it,  'till  he  have  made  an  oyfter 
of  me,  he  mall  never  make  me  fuch  a  fool :  one  wo- 
man is  fair,  yet  I  am  well  5  another  is  wife,  yet  I  am 
well  5  another  virtuous,  yet  I  am  well.  But  'till  all 
graces  be  in  one  woman,  one  woman  mall  not  come  in 
my  grace.  Rich  ilie  mall  be,  that's  certain  -,  (10)  "  wife, 

u  or 

(10)  *  Wife,  or  Til  none',  'virtuous,  or  T II  never  cheapen  her  ;  fair y 
"  or  Til  never  look  on  her  ;]  Thefe  Words,  fays  Mr.  Pope,  added  out 
•f  the  Edition  of  1623.  — -  But  they  are  likewife,  before  that,  in  the 
Quarto  of  1600.     They  are  alio  in  the  fecond  and  third  Impreflions  in 

F$li8 


430    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

*c  or  I'll  none;  virtuous,  or  I'll  never  cheapen  her: 
"  fair,  or  I'll  never  look  on  her  "$  mild,  or  come  not 
near  me  j  noble,  or  not  I  for  an  angel  j  of  good  dif- 
courfe,  an  excellent  mufician,  and  her  hair  fhall  be  of 
what  colour  it  pleafe  God.  Ha  !  the  Prince  and  Mon- 
fieur  Love !  I  will  hide  me  in  the  arbour.  {Withdraws. 

Enter  Bon  Pedro,  Leonato,  Claudio,  and  Balthazar.  . 

Pedro.  Come,  fiiall  we  hear  this  mufick? 

Claud.  Yea,  my    good   lord  >   how   ftill  the  even* 
ing  is, 
As  hufh'd  on  purpofe  to  grace  harmony ! 

Pedro.  See  you  where  Benedick  hath  hid  himfelf? 

Claud.  O  very  well,  my  lord  \  the  mufick  ended, 
We'll  fit  the  kid-fox  with  a  penny-worth. 

Pedro.  Come,  Balthazar^  we'll  hear  that  fong  again. 

Balth.  O  good  my  lord,  tax  not  fo  bad  a  voice 
To  flander  mufick  any  more  than  once. 

Pedro.  It  is  the  witnefs  ftill  of  excellency, 
To  put  a  ftrange  face  on  his  own  perfections 
I  pray  thee,  fingj  and  let  me  woo  no  more. 

Balth.  Beeaufe  you  talk  of  wooing,  I  will  fing  ; 
Since  many  a  wooer  doth  commence  his  fuit 
To  her  he  thinks  not  worthy,  yet  he  wooes  5 
Yet  will  he  fwear,  he  loves. 

Pedro.  Nay,  pray  thee,  come  5 
Or  if  thou  wilt  hold  longer  argument, 
Do  it  in  notes. 

Balth.  Note  this  before  my  notes, 
There's  not  a  note  of  mine,  that's  worth  the  noting. 

Pedro.. WhYj  thefe  are  very  crotchets  that  he  fpeaks, 
Note,  notes,  forfooth,  and  noting. 

Bene.  Now,  divine  air*  now  is  his  foul  ravifh'd  !  is 
it  not  ftrange,  that  ilieeps  guts  fhould  hale  fouls  out 

Folio ;  and  in  the  two  Editions  by  Mr.  Howe.  Where  is  it  they  are 
not  then,  that  they  are  thus  faid  to  be  added  by  this  wonderful  Col- 
lator ?  They  happen  to  be  extant  in  the  very  firft  Edition,  that  we 
know  of;  they  keep  their  place  in  an  Edition  publifrTd  23  Years  after 
that ;  and  therefore,  Mr.  Pope  fays,  they  are  added  from  this  fubfecjuent 
Edition,  P 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing,    431 

of  mens  bodies  ?  well,  a  horn  for  my  money,  when  all's 
done. 

The    SONG. 

Sigh  no  more,)  ladies^  figb  no  more^ 

Men  were  deceivers  ever  > 
One  foot  in  fea^  and  one  on  Jbore^ 

To  one  thing  conftant  never : 
Then  Jigh  not  jfb9  but  let  them  go^ 

And  be  you  blith  and  bonny  , 
Converting  all  your  founds  of  woe 

Into  hey  nonyy  nony. 

Sing  no  more  ditties^  fing  no  mo9 

Of  dumps  fo  dull  and  heavy  % 
The  frauds  of  men  were  ever  fo9 

Since  fummer  was  firfi  leafy : 
Then  Jigh  not  fo^  &c. 

Pedro*  By  my  troth,  a  good  fong. 

Batch.  And  an  ill  finger,  my  lord. 

Pedro.  Ha,  no  $  no,  faith  5  thou  fing'ft  well  enough 
for  a  lhift. 

Bene.  If  he  had  been  a  dog,  that  fhould  have  howPd 
thus,  they  would  have  hang'd  him  >  and,  I  pray  God, 
his  bad  voice  bode  no  mifchief :  I  had  as  lief  have 
heard  the  night-raven,  come  what  plague  could  have 
come  after  it. 

Pedro.  Yea,  marry,  doft  thou  hear,  Balthazar?  I  pray 
thee,  get  us  fome  excellent  mufick  -,  for  to  morrow 
night  we  would  have  it  at  the  lady  Hero's  chamber- 
window. 

Balth.  The  beft  I  can,  my  lord.       [Exit  Balthazar. 

Pedro.  Do  fo :  farewel.  Come  hither,  Leonato ;  what 
was  it  you  told  me  of  to  day,  that  your  Neice  Bea- 
trice was  in  love  with  Signior  Benedick  ? 

Claud.  O,  ay  5  — •  ftalk  on,  ftalk  on,  the  fowl  fits. 
I  did  nevgr  think,  that  lady  would  have  loved  any 
man. 

Leon. 


43*    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Leon.  No,  nor  I  neither  5  but  moft  wonderful,  that 
fhe  ihould  fo  doat  on  Signior  Benedick^  whom  fhe  hath 
in  all  outward  behaviours  feem'd  ever  to  abhor. 

Bene.  Is't  poffible,  fits  the  wind  in  that  corner  ? 

\_Afide. 

Leon.  By  my  troth,  my  lord,  I  cannot  tell  what  to 
think  of  it  ;  but  that  lhe  loves  him  with  an  inraged  af- 
feftion,  it  is  pail  the  infinite  of  thought. 

Pedro.  May  be,  fhe  doth  but  counterfeit. 

Claud.  Faith,  like  enough'. 

Leon.  O  God !  counterfeit  ?  there  was  never  coun- 
terfeit of  paflion  came  fo  near  the  life  of  paflion,  as  fhe 
difcovers  it. 

Pedro.  Why,  what  effe£b  of  paflion  mews  fhe? 

Claud.  Bait  the  hook  well,  this  fifh  will  bite.   {Afide. 

Leon.  What  effe&s,  my  lord?  fhe  will  fit  you,  you 
heard  my  daughter  tell  you  how. 

Claud.  She  did,  indeed. 

Pedro.  How,  how,  I  pray  you  ?  you  amaze  me :  I 
would  have  thought,  her  fpirit  had  been  invincible 
againft  all  aflaults  of  affe&ion. 

Leon.  I  would  have  fworn,  it  had,  my  lord  5  efpeci- 
ally  againft  Benedick. 

Bene.  \_Afide7\  I  fhould  think  this  a  gull,  but  that 
the  white-bearded  fellow  fpeaks  it  5  knavery  cannot, 
fure,  hide  himfelf  in  fuch  reverence. 

Claud.  He  hath  ta'en  th' infection,  hold  it  up.  [A fide. 

Pedro.  Hath  fhe  made  her  affe&ion  known  to  Be* 
nedick  ? 

Leon.  No,  and  fwears  fhe  never  will;  that's  her  tor- 
ment. 

Claud.  'Tis  true,  indeed,  fo  your  daughter  fays: 
{hall  I,  fays  fhe,  that  have  fo  oft  encounter'd  him  with 
fcorn,  write  to  him  that  I  love  him  ? 

Leon.  This  fays  fhe  now,  when  fhe  is  beginning  to 
write  to  him  ;  for  fhe'll  be  up  twenty  times  a  night, 
and  there  will  lhe  fit  in  her  fmock,  'till  fhe  have  writ 
a  (heet  of  paper;  my  daughter  tells  us  all. 

Claud.  Now  you  talk  of  a  fheet  of  paper,  I  remem- 
ber a  pretty  jefl:  your  daughter  told  us  of. 

Leon. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    433 

Leon.  O,  — when  (he  had  writ  it,  and  was  reading 
it  over,  fhe  found  Benedick  and  Beatrice  between  the 
(heet. 

Claud.  That. 

Leon.  (11)  0,(he  tore  the  letter  into  a  thoufand  half- 
pence 5  rail'd  at  her  (elf,  that  fhe  (hould  be  fo  immo- 
deft,  to  write  to  one  that,  fhe  knew,  wou'd  flout  her: 
I  meafure  him,  fays  (he,  by  rriy  own  Spirit,  for  I 
(hould  flout  him  if  he  writ  to  me  j  yea,  though  I  love 
him,  I  (hould. 

Claud.  Then  down  upon  her  knees  (he  falls,  weeps, 
fobs,  beats  her  heart,  tears  her  hair,  prays,  curfes  5  O 
fweet  Benedick  I  God  give  me  patience! 

Leon*  She  doth,  indeed,  my  daughter  fays  fo  5  and 
the  ecftafiehath  fo  much  overborn  her,  that  my  daugh- 
ter is  fometime  afraid,  (he  will  do  defperate  outrage 
to  her  felf  $  it  is  very  true. 

Pedro.  It  were  good,  that  Benedick  knew  of  it  by 
fome  other,  if  (he  will  not  difcover  it. 

Claud.  To  what  end  ?  he  would  but  make  a  fport  of 
it,  and  torment  the  poor  lady  worfe. 

Pedro.  If  he  (hould,  it  were  an  Alms  to  hang  himj 
(he's  an  excellent  fweet  lady,  and  (out  of  all  fufpicion) 
(he  is  virtuous. 

Claud.  And  (he  is  exceeding  wife. 
Pedro.  In  every  thing,  but  in  loving  Benedick. 
Leon.  O  my  lord,  wifdom  and  blood  combating  in  fo 
tender  a  body,  we  have  ten  proofs  to  one,    that  blood 
hath  the  victory  $  I  am  forry  for  her,   as   I  have  juft 
caufe,  being  her  uncle  and  her  guardian. 

Pedro.  I  would,  (he  had  beftow'd  this  dotage  onmej 
I  would  have  dafft  all  other  refpects,  and  made  her  half 

(u)  O^Jhe  tore  the  Letter  into  a  thoufand  half-pence;]  i.  e.  into  a 
thoufand  pieces  of  the  fame  -bignefs.  This  is  farther  explained  by  a  Paf- 
iuge  in  As  you  Like  it ; 

—  There    were  none  principal;    they  were  all  like  one  another  us 
half-pence  are. 

In  both  places  the  Poet  alludes  to  the  old  Silver  Penny  which  had  a 
Creafe  running  Crofs-zvife  over  it,  fo  that  it  might  be  broke  into  two  or 
four  equal  pieces,  halfpence,  or  farthings, 

Vol.  I.  F  f    .  half 


Jf34    Much  Ado  ^/Nothing. 

half  my  felf  •,  I  pray  you,  tell  Benedick  of  it  5  and  hear 
what  he  will  fay. 

Leon.  Were  it  good,  think  you? 

Claud.  Hero  thinks,  furely  fhe  will  die>  for  fhe  fays, 
fhe  will  die  if  he  love  her  not,  and  fhe  will  die  ere  fhe 
make  her  love  known  5  and  fhe  will  die  if  he  woo  her, 
rather  than  fhe  will  bate  one  breath  of  her  accuftom'd 
crofsnefs. 

Pedro.  She  doth  well  ->  if  fhe  fhould  make  tender  of 
her  love,  'tis  very  poffibie,  he'll  fcorn  it  >  for  the  man, 
as  you  know  all,  hath  a  contemptible  fpirit. 

Claud.  He  is  a  very  proper  man. 

Pedro.  He  hath,  indeed,   a  good  outward  happinefs. 

Claud.  'Fore  God,  and,  in  my  mind,  very  wife. 

Pedro.  He  doth,  indeed,  fhew  fome  fparks  that  are 
like  wit. 

Leon.  And  I  take  him  to  be  valiant. 

Pedro.  As  Heclor^  I  aflure  you  j,  and  in  the  managing 
of  quarrels  you  may  fay  he  is  wife  j  for  either  he  avoids 
them  with  great  difcretion,  or  undertakes  them  with  a 
chriftian-like  fear. 

Leon.  If  he  do  fear  God,  he  muft  necefTarily  keep 
peace  5  if  he  break  the  peace,  he  ought  to  enter  into  a 
quarrel  with  fear  and  trembling. 

Pedro.  And  fo  will  he  do,  for  the  man  doth  fear 
God,howfoever  it  feems  not  in  him,  by  fome  large  jefts 
he  will  make.  Well,  I  am  forry  for  your  Neice :  fhall 
we  go  feek  Benedick^  and  tell  him  of  her  love  ? 

Claud.  Never  tell  him,  my  lord  >  let  her  wear  it  out 
with  good  counfel. 

Leon.  Nay,  that's  impoflible,  fhe  may  wear  her  heart 
out  fir ft. 

Pedro..  Well,  we  will  hear  further  of  it  by  your 
daughter >  let  it  cool  the  while.  I  love  Benedick  well-, 
-and  I  could  wifh  he  would  modeftly  examine  himfelf, 
to  fee  how  much  he  is  unworthy  to  have  fo  good  a 
Lciy. 

Leon.  My  Lord,  will  you  walk?  dinner  is  ready. 

Claud.  If  he  do  not  dote  on  her  upon  this,  I  will 
never  truft  my  expectation.  rj/ide. 

Pedro. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    455 

Pedro.  Let  there  be  the  fame  net  fpread  for  her,  and 
hat  mufb  your  daughter  and  her  gentlewomen  carry  ', 
he  fport  will  be,  when  they  hold  an  opinion  of  one 
mother's  dotage,  and  no  fuch  matter ;  that's  the  Scene 
hat  I  would  fee,  which  will  be  meerly  a  Dumb  Show  j 
et  us  fend  her  to  call  him  to  dinner.  {_Jfide7\   {Exeunt. 

Benedick  advances  from  the  Arbour, 

Bene.  This  can  be  no  trick,  the  conference  was  fad- 
y  born  5  they  have  the  truth  of  this  from  Hero;  they 
eem  to  pity  the  ladyj  it  feems,  her  affections  have 
:he  full  bent.  Love  me  !  why,  it  muft  be  requited : 
t  hear,  how  I  am  cenfur'd  >  they  fay,  I  will  bear  my 
felf  proudly,  if  I  perceive  the  love  come  from  her; 
:hey  fay  too,  that  fhe  will  rather  die  than  give   any 

(Ign  of  affection.- —I  did  never  think  to  marry — • 

[  muft  not  feem  proud — happy  are  they  that  hear 

their  detractions,  and  can  put  them  to  mending :  they 
ray,  the  lady  is  fair  %  'tis  a  truth,  I  can  bear,  them  wit- 
nefs  :    and  virtuous j  —  'tis  fo,  I   cannot  reprove  it: 

and  wife,  but  for  loving  me by  my  troth,  it  is 

no  addition  to  her  wit,  nor  no  great  argument  of  her 

folly  •■,  for  I  will  be  horribly  in  love  with  her. 1 

may  chance  to  have  fome  odd  quirks  and  remnants  o£ 
wit  broken  on  me,  becaufe  I  have  rail'd  fo  long  againil 
marriage  j  but  doth  not  the  appetite  alter?  a  man 
loves  the  meat  in  his  youth,  that  he  cannot  endure  in 
his  age.  Shall  quipps  and  fentences,  and  thefe  paper- 
bullets  of  the  brain,  awe  a  man  from  the  career  of 
his  humour  ?  no :  the  world  mufl  be  peopled.  When 
I  faid,  I  would  die  a  batchelor,  I  did  not  think  I  mould 
live  'till  I  were  marry 'd.  Here  comes  Beatrice:  by 
this  day,  fhe^s  a  fair  lady  3  I  do  fpy  fome  marks  of 
love  in  her. 

Enter  Beatrice. 

Beat.  Againft  my  will,  I  am  fent  to  bid  you  come 
in  to  dinner. 

Btm*.  Fair  Beatrhey  I  thank  you  for  your  pains. 

Ff;  Beat. 


4}6    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Beat.  I  took  no  more  pains  for  thofe  thanks,  than 
you  take  pains  to  thank  me  >  if  it  had  been  painful,  I 
would  not  have  come. 

Bene.  You  take  pleafure  then  in  the  meflage. 

Beat.  Yea,  juil  fo  much  as  you  may  take  upon  a 
knife's  point,,  and  choak  a  daw  withal:  you  have  no 
ftomach,  Signior  3  fare  you  well.  [Exit. 

Bene.  Ha  !  againft  my  will  I  am  fent  to  bid  you  come 
in  to  dinner:  —  there's  a  double  meaning  in  that.  / 
took  no  more  pains  for  thofe  thanks,  than  you  took  pains  to 

thank  me  j that's  as  much  as  to  fay,  any  pains  that 

I  take  for  you  is  as  eafie  as  thanks,  if  I  do  not  take 
pity  of  her,  I  am  a  villain  -,  if  I  do  not  love  her,  I  am 
a.  Jew,  I  will  go  get  her  Picture.  [Exit. 


ACT   III. 

SCENE  continues  in  the  Orchard. 

Enter  Hero,  Margaret  and  Urfula. 

Hero. 

GOOD  Margaret)  run  thee  into  the  parlour, 
There  {halt  thou  find  my  Coufin  Beatrice^ 
Propofing  with  the  Prince  and  Claudio  3 
Whifper  her  car,  and  tell  her,  I  and  Urfula 
Walk  in  the  orchard,  and  our  whole  difcourfc 
Is  all  of  her  j  fay,  that  thou  overheard'lt  us; 
And  bid  her  (teal  into  the  pleached  Bovver, 
Where  honey-fuckles,  ripen'd  by  the  Sun, 
r 01  bid  the  Sun  to  enter >  like  toFavountej^ 
IV^aaj^ro^cTb^^ 

Againlfc  that  power  that  bred  k  :  tfie7e~TvTilfhe  hide  her, 
To  liiten  our  Propofe  \  this  7T"thy  office, 
Bear  thee  well  in  it,  and  leave  us  alone. 

Man. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    437 

Marg.  I'll  make  her  come,  I  warrant,  prefently.  [Exit. 

Hero.  Now,  Urfula,  when  Beatrice  doth  come, 
As  we  do  trace  this  alley  up  and  down, 
Our  Talk  muft  only  be  of  Benedick; 
When  I  do  name  him,  let  it  be  thy  Part 
To  praife  him  more  than  ever  man  did  merit.' 
My  Talk  to  thee  muft  be  how  Benedick 
Is  fick  in  love  with  Beatrice  y  of  this  matter 
Is  little  Cupid's  crafty  arrow  made, 
That  only  wounds  by  hear-fay  :  now  begin. 

Enter  Beatrice,  running  towards  the  jdrbour. 

For  look,  where  Beatrice^  like  a  lapwing,  runs 
Clofe  by  the  ground  to  hear  our  conference. 

Urfu.  The  pleafant'ft  angling  is  to  fee  the  fiih 
Cut  with  her  golden  oars  the  filver  ftream, 
And  greedily  devour  the  treacherous  bait  $ 
So  angle  we  for  Beatrice ,  who  e'en  now 
Is  couched  in  the  woodbine-coverture ; 
Fear  you  not  my  part  of  the  dialogue. 

Hero.  Then  go  we  near  her,  that  her  ear  lofe  nothing 

Of  the  falfe  fweet  bait  that  we  lay  for  it. - 

No,  truly,  Urfula^  fhe's  too  difdainful ; 
I  know,  her  fpirits  are  as  coy  and  wild, 
As  haggerds  of  the  rock. 

Urfu.  But  are  you  fure,  f 

That  Benedick  loves  Beatrice  fo  intirely? 

Hero.  So  fays  the  Prince,  and  my  new-trothed  lord. 

Urfu.  And  did  they  bid  you  tell  her  of  it,  Madam? 

Hero.  They  did  intreat  me  to  acquaint  her  of  it  5 
But  I  perfuaded  them,  if  they  lov'd  Benedickr 
To  with  him  wraftle  with  affe&ion, 
And  never  to  let  Beatrice  know  of  it. 

Urfu.  Why  did  you  fo  ?  doth  not  tho   Gentleman 
Deferve  as  full,  as  fortunate  a  bed, 
As  ever  Beatrice  {hall  couch  upon  ? 

Hero.  O  God  of  love  !  I  know,  he  doth  deferve 
As  much  as  may  be  yielded  to  a  man : 
But  Nature  never  fram'd  a  woman's  heart; 
Of  prouder  fuifFthan  that  of  Beatrice \ 

FT  3  Difdata 


4?8    MuchAdo  about  Nothing, 

Difdain  and  Scorn  ride  fparkling  in  her  eyes, 
Mil-prizing  what  they  look  on  j  and  her  wit 
Values  it  fclf  fo  highly,  that  to  her 
All  matter  elfe  feems  weak*  fhe  cannot  love, 
Nor  take  no  fhape  nor  project  of  affe&ion, 
She  is  to  felf-indeared. 

Urfu.  Sure,  I  think  fo  ; 
And  therefore  certainly  it  were  not  good 
She  knew  his  love,  left  fhe  make  fport  at  it. 

Hero.  Why,  you  fpeak  truth.    I  never  yet  faw  man, 
How  wife,  how  noble,  young,  how  rarely  featur'd, 
But  fhe  would  fpell  him  backward^  if  fair-fac'd,  (iz) 
She'd  fwear,  the  gentleman  fhould  be  her  fifter  ; 
If  black,  why,  Nature,  drawing  of  an  antick, 
Made  afoul  blots  if  tall,  a  launce  ill-headecjs 
If  low,  an  Aglet  very  vilely  cut  s  (i  j) 

If 

{ 1 2)    , . if  fairfacd, 

She  d  fwear,  the  Gentleman  Jhould  be  her  Sifter  ; 
If  black,   why  Nature  drawing  of  an  Antick, 
Made  a  foul  Blot;  if  tall,  a  Lance  ill  headed;  &c. 
Some  of  the  Editors  have  pretended,  that  our  Author  never  imitatesany 
PatTages  of  the  Antients.     Methinks,  this  is  fo  very  like  a  remarkable 
Defcriprion  in  Lucretius-,  (lib.  iv.    verf.   11 54,  %c.)  that  I  can't  help 
fufpecling,  Shakefpeare  had  it  in  View;  the  only  Difference  feems  to  be, 
that  the  Latine  Poet's  Charadleriltics  turn  upon  Praife  ;  our  Country-^ 
man's,  upon  the  Hinge  of  Derogation. 

Nigra,  \J.iKi-xj&%-  eft;  immunda  &  fztida,  ako^[aQ-' 
Cafia,  vakKcLS'iob'  ner<vofa  &  lignea,  S~o^na.e. 
Parvola,  fumilio,  yaeirav  (Aft    tota  merum  Sal: 
Magna  at  que  immanis,  Kct]a,Trh»£/e.  plenaque  honoris. 
(1 3)  If  low,  an  A  gat  'very  vilely  cut ;  ]  But  why  an  Agat,  if  low  ?  And 
what  Shadow  of  Likenefs  between  a  little  Man  and  an  Agat?  The  An- 
tients, indeed,  ufcd  this  Stone  to  cut  in,  and  upon;  but  moil  exquifitely. 
J  make  no  Queliion,  but  the  Poet  wrote  ; 

". : — -' — i an  Aglet  very  vilely  cut  ; 

An  Aglet  was  the  Taggof  thofe  Points,  formerly  fo  much  in  Famion. 
Thete  Taggs  were  eitner  of  Gold,  Silver,  or  Brafs,  according  to  the 
Quality  of  the  Wearer;  and  were  commonly  in  the  Shape  of  little 
Images ;  cr  at  Icaft  had  a  Head  cut  at  the  Extremity,  as  is  feen  at  the 
End  of  die  Start  of  old  fafhion'd  Spoons.  And  as  a  Aa//Man  is  before 
Compar*d  to  a  Launce  ill-headed;  io,  by  the  fame  Figure,  a  little  Max 
is  very  aptly  liken'd  to  an  Aglet  ill- cut.  Mr.  VVarburton. 

i'il  fubjoin  a  lew  Pafiages  in  Confirmation  of  my  Friend's  beautiful 
Conjecture. 

•  Taming 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    439 

If  fpeaking,  why,  a  vane  blown  with  all  winds  5 
If  filent,  why,  a  block  moved  with  none. 
So  turns  {he  every  man  the  wrong  fide  out, 
And  never  gives  to  truth  and  virtue  That, 
Which  fimplenefs  and  merit  purchafeth. 

Urfu.  Sure,  fure,  fuch  carping  is  not  commendable. 

Hero.  No ;  for  to  be  fo  odd,  and  from  all  fafhions, 
As  Beatrice  is,  cannot  be  commendable. 
But  who  dare  tell  her  fo?  if  I  mould  fpealc, 
She'd  mock  me  into  air 3  O,  fhe  would  laugh  me 
Out  of  my  felf,  prefs  me  to  death  with  wk. 
Therefore  let  Benedick^  like  cover'd  fire, 
Confume  away  in  fighs,  wafle  inwardly  5 
It  were  a  better  death  than  die  with  mocks, 
Which  js  as  bad  as  'tis  to  die  with  tickling. 

TJrJu.  "YeTtellTier  of  it  y  hear  what  me  will  fay. 

Hero.  No,  rather  I  will  go  to  Benedick^ 
And  counfel  him  to  fight  againfl:  his  pafijon. 
And,  truly,  I'll  devife  fome  honeft  (landers 
To  ftain  my  Coufin  with  -,  one  doth  not  know, 
How  much  an  ill  word  may  impoifon  liking. 

Urfu.  O,  do  not  do  your  Coufin  fuch  a  wrong. 
She  cannot  be  fo  much  without  true  judgment, 
(Having  fo  fwift  and  excellent  a  wit, 
As  fhe  is  priz'd  to  have)  as  to  refufc 
So  rare  a  gentleman  as  Benedick. 

Hero.  He  is  the  only  man  of  Italy y 
Always  excepted  my  dear  Claudio. 

Urfu.  I  pray  you,  be  not  angry  with  mC,  Madam, 
Speaking  my  fancy  j  Signior  Benedick^ 

Taming  of  the  Shrew. 

Why,  give  him  Gold  enough,  and  marry  him  to  a   Puppet,  or   an 
Aglet-bahy,  &c. 

The  Two  Noble  Kinfmen  of  Beaumont  and  Fletcher ; 
Tm  wery  cold ;  and  all  the  Stars  are  out  too, 
The  little  Stars,  and  all;  that  look  like  Aglets. 
And   Sir   John  Harrington,   in   his  Tranflation  of  Ariojlos  Orlando 
Turiofo.     Book  V.  St.  47. 

The  Gonvn   I  ware  was  <vjhite,  and  richly  fet 

With  Aglets,  Pearl,  and  Lace  of  Gold  well garnijh' 'd : 

My  Jiately  Trejfes  cover  d  with  a  Net 

Of  beaten  Gold,   tnojt  pure  and  brightly  •varni/b'J,  &c. 

F  V  4  For 


440     Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

For  fhape,  for  bearing,  argument  and  valour, 
Goes  form  oft  in  report  through  Italy. 

Hero.  Indeed,  he  hath  an  excellent  good  name. 

Urfu.  His  excellence  did  earn  it,  ere  he  had  it. 
When  are  you  marry'd.  Madam  ? 

Hero.  Why,  every  day  $  to  morrpw  $  come,  go  in, 
I'll  ihew  thee  fome  attires,  and  have  thy  counfel 
Which  is  the  bcft  to  furnifh  me  to  morrow. 

Urfu.  She's  lim'd,  I  warrant  you  j  we  have  caught 
her,  Madam. 

Hero.  If  it  prove  fo,  then  loving  goes  by  haps  5 
Some  Cupids  kill  with  arrows.,  Some  with  traps. 

[Exeunt. 

Beatrice,  advancing. 

Beat.  What  fire  is  in  my  ears?  can  this  be  true? 

Stand  I  condemn'd  for  Pride  and  Scorn  fo  much? 
Contempt,  farewel  !  and  maiden  pride,  adieu ! 

No  glory  lives  behind  the  back  of  fuch. 
And,  Benedick,  love  on,  I  will  requite  thee  5 

Taming  my  wild  heart  to  thy  loving  hand  5 
If  thou  doft  love,  my  kindnefs  {hall  incite  thee 

To  bind  our  loves  up  in  a  holy  band. 
For  others  fay,  thou  doft  deferve  \  and  I 
Believe  it  better  than  reportingly.  {Exit, 

SCENE,    LeonatoV  Houfe. 

Enter  Don  Pedro,  Clatidio,  Jknedick  and  Leonato. 

Pedro.  T  Do  but  ftay  'till  your  marriage  be  confum- 
A  mate,  and  then  go  I  toward  Arragon. 

Claud.  I'll  bring  you  thither  my  lord,  if  you'll 
youchfafe  me. 

Pedro.  Nay,  That  would  be  as  great  a  foil  in  the 
new  glofs  of  your  marriage,  as  to  fhew  a  child  his 
new  coat  and  forbid  him  to  wear  it.  I  will  only  be 
bold  with  Benedick  for  his  company;  for,  from  the 
crown  of  his  head  to  the  foale  of  his  foot,  he  is  all 
mirth  •,  he  hath  twice  or  thrice  cut  Cupid's  bow- ft  ring, 

and 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.     441 

and  the   little  hangman  dare   not  fhoot    at   him  ->  he 
hath  a  heart  as   found   as  a    bell,    and  his  tongue  is 
the  clapper  j    for   what  his    heart  thinks,   his  tongue 
fpeaks. 
'  Bene.  Gallants,  I  am  not  as  I  have  been. 

Leon.  So  fay  I  ;  methinks,  you  are  fadder. 

Claud.  I  hope,  he  is  in  love. 

Pedro.  Hang  him,  truant,  there's  no  true  drop  of 
blood  in  him,  to  be  truly  touch'd  with  love  5  if  he  be 
fad,    he  wants  mony. 

Bene.  I  have  the  tooth-ach. 

Pedro.  Draw  it. 

Bene.  Hang  ic. 

Claud.  Youmuft  hang  it  firft,  and  draw  it  afterwards. 

Pedro.  What?  figh  for  the  tooth-ach! 

Leon.  Which  is  but  a  humour,  or  a  worm. 

Bene.  Well,  every  one  can  matter  a  grief  but  he. 
that  has  it. 

Claud.  Yet  fay  I,  he  is  in  love. 

Pedro.  There  is  no  appearance  of  fancy  in  him, 
unlefs  it  be  a  fancy  that  he  hath  to  ftrange  difguifes, 
as  to  be  a  Dutch  man  to  day,  a  French  man  to  mor- 
row -,  or  in  the  fliape  of  two  countries  at  once,  a 
German  from  the  wafte  downward,  all  flops,  and  a 
Spaniard  from  the  hip  upward,  no  doublet :  Unlefs  he 
have  a  fancy  to  this  foolery,  as  it  appears  he  hath, 
he  is  no  fool  for  fancy,  as  you  would  have  it  to  ap- 
pear he  is. 

Claud.  If  he  be  not  in  love  with  fome  woman,  there 
is  no  believing  old  figns  3  he  brufhes  his  hat  o'morn- 
ings  j  what  fhould  that  bode? 

Pedro.  Hath  any  man  feen  him  at  the  barber's  ? 

Claud.  No,  but  the  barber's  man  hath  been  feen 
with  him  \  and  the  old  ornament  of  his  cheek  hath  al- 
ready ftuft  tennis-balls. 

Leon.  Indeed,  he  looks  younger  than  he  did  by  the 
lofs  of  a  beard. 

Pedro.  Nay,  he  rubs  himfelf with  civet;  canyoufmeli 
him  out  by  that  ? 

Claud.  That's  as  much  as  to  fay,  the  fweet  youth's 
'~  We,  Pedro. 


441    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Pedro,  The  greatefl  note  of  it  is  his  melancholy. 

Claud.  And  when  was  he  wont  to  wafli  his  face  ? 

Pedro.  Yea,  or  to  paint  himfelf?  for  the  which,  I 
hear  what  they  fay  of  him. 

Claud.  Nay,  but  his  jefting  fpirit,  which  is  now  crept 
into  a  lute- firing  and  now  govern'd  by  flops  — 

Pedro.  Indeed,  that  tells  a  heavy  tale  for  him.  Con- 
clude, he  is   in  love. 

Claud.  Nay,  but  I  know  who  loves  him. 

Pedro.  That  would  I  know  too :  I  warrant,  one  that 
Iqiows  him  not. 

Claud.  Yes,  and  his  ill  conditions,  and  in  defpight 
of  all,  dies  for  him. 

Pedro.  She  (hall  be  bury'd  with  her  heels  upwards.  (14) 

Bene.  Yet  is  this  no  charm  for  the  tooth-ach.  Old 
Signior,  walk  afide  with  me,  I  have  fludy'd  eight  or 
nine  wife  words  to  fpeak  to  you  which  thefe  hobby- 
horfes  mufl  not  hear.     \Exeunt  Benedick  and  Leonato. 

Pedro.  For  my  life,  to  break  with  him  about  Beatrice. 

Claud.  'Tis  even  fo.  Hero  and  Margaret  have  by 
this  play'd  their  parts  with  Beatrice  y  and  then  the  two 
bears  will  not  bite  one  another,  when  they  meet. 

(14)  Shejhall  be  buried  with  her  Face  upwards.]  Thus  the  whole 
Set  of  Editions :  But  what  is  there  any  ways  particular  in  This  ?  Are' 
not  all  Men  and  Women  buried  fo  ?  Sure,  the  Poet  means,  in  Oppofi- 
tion  to  the  general  Rule,  and  by  way  of  Diftin&ion,  with  her  heels  up- 
wards, or  face  downwards.  I  have  chofe  the  firft  Reading,  becaufe  I 
find  it  the  Expreffion  in  Vogue  in  our  Author's  time. 
So,  Beaumont  and  Fletcher  in  their  Wild-Goofi  Chafe. 

Whilft  I  have  Meat  and  Drink,  Love  cannot  fiarwe  me  i 
For  if  I  dye  o'tV  firft  Fit,  Fm  unhappy  ; 
And  worthy  to  be  buried  with  my  heels  upwards. 
And  in  The  Woman*  Prize  \  or,  The  Tamer  tairid: 

.,  —1 Seme  Few, 

For  thefe  are  rarcft,   they  are  J aid  to  kill 
With  Kindnefs  and  fair  Ufage  ;  but  what  they  are> 
My  Catalogue  difcovcrs  not ;  only  'tis  thought, 
They're  buried  in  old  Walls  with  their  Heels  upward. 
And  again,  in  The  Coxcomb ; 

Judge  me,  I  do  but  jeft  with  thee :  What,   an  She  were  inverted 
with  her  Heels  upward,  like  a  Traytors  Coat  ? 

&nter 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    443 

Enter  Don  John. 

John.  My  Lord  and  brother,  God  fave  you. 

Pedro.  Good  den,  brother. 

John.  If  your  leifure  ferv'd,  I  would  fpeak  with  you. 

Pedro.  In  private  ? 

John.  If  it  pleafe  you ;  yet  Count  Claudio  may  hearj 
for,  what  I  would  fpeak  of,  concerns  him. 

Pedro.  What's  the  matter? 

John.  Means  your  lordfhip  to  be  marry'd  to  mor- 
row ?  [7*o  Claudio. 

Pedro.  You  know,  he  does. 

John.  I  know  not  that,  when  he  knows  what  I  know. 

Claud.  If  there  be  any  impediment,  I  pray  you,  dis- 
cover it. 

John.  You  may  think,  I  love  you  not,  let  that  ap- 
pear hereafter  ;  and  aim  better  at  me  by  That  I  now 
will  manifeftj  for  my  brother,  I  think,  he  holds  yog. 
well,  and  in  dearnefs  of  heart  hath  holp  to  effeft  your 
enfuing  marriage  5  furely,  Suit  ill  fpent,  and  Labour  \\\ 
beftow'd ! 

Pedro,  Why,  what's  the  matter  ? 

John.  I  came  hither  to  tell  you,  and  circumftances 
fhorten'd,  (for  ihe  hath  been  too  long  a  talking  of) 
the  Lady  is  difloyal. 

Claud.  Who?  Hero? 

John.  Even  fhe,  Leonato's  Hero,  your  Hero,  every, 
man's  Hero. 

Claud.  Difloyal  ? 

John.  The  word  is  too  good  to  paint  out  her  wick- 
ed nefs  j  I  could  fay,  flie  were  worie  5  think  you  of  a, 
worfe  title,  and  I  will  fit  her  to  it  *  wonder  not  'till 
further  warrant  5  go  but  with  me  to  night,  you  mall 
fee  her  chamber-window  enter'd,  even  the  night  be- 
fore her  wedding  day  \  if  you  love  her,  then  to  mor- 
row wed  her  j  but  it  would  better  fit  your  honour  to 
change  your  mind. 

Claud.  May  this  be  fo? 

Pedro,  I  will  not  think  it. — — * 

John, 


444    Much  Ado  about  Nothing." 

John.  If  you  dare  not  truft  that  you  fee,  confefs  not 
that  you  know  >  if  you  will  follow  me,  I  will  mew  you 
enough  j  and  when  you  have  feen  more  and  heard  more,' 
proceed  accordingly. 

Claud.  If  I  fee  any  thing  to  night  why  I  fliould 
not  marry  her  to  morrow  -,  in  the  Congregation,  where 
I  mould  wed,  there  will  I  fhame  her. 

Pedro.  And  as  I  wooed  for  thee  to  obtain  her,  I  will 
join  with  thee  to  difgrace  her. 

John.  I  will  difparage  her  no  farther,  'till  you  are  my 
witnefles  $  bear  it  coldly  but  'till  night,  and  let  the 
iffue  fhew  it  fclfi 

Pedro.  O  day  untowardly  turned ! 

Claud.  O  mifchief  flrangely  thwarting ! 

John.  O  plague  right  well  prevented ! 
So  will  you  fay,  when  you  have  feen  the  fequel. 

[Exeunt. 

SCENE  changes  to  the  Street. 

Enter  Dogberry  and  Verges,  with  the  Watch. 

Dogb.   ARE  you  good  men  and  true  ? 

l\     Verg.  Yea,  or  elfe  it  were  pity  but  they 
fhould  fuffer  falvation,  body  and  foul. 

Dogb.  Nay,  that  were  a  punifhment  too  good  for 
them,  if  they  mould  have  any  allegiance  in  them,  be- 
ing chofen  for  the  Prince's  Watch. 

Ferg.  Well,  give  them  their  charge,  neighbour  Dog- 
berry. 

Dogb.  Firft,  who  think  you  the  raoft  defartlefs  man 
to  be  conftable? 

1  Watch.  Hugh  Oatecakey  Sir,  or  George  Seacolc;  for 
thev  can  write  and  read. 

Dogb.  Come  hither,  neighbour  Seacole :  God  hath 
blcft  you  with  a  good  name  5  and  to  be  a  well-favour'd 
man  is  the  gift  of  fortune,  but  to  write  and  read  comes 
by  nature. 

z  Ii'citch.  Both  which,  mafter  conftable  — - 

Dogb.  You  have:  I  knew,  it  would  be  your  anfwer. 
Wc %  for  your  Favour  Sir,  why,  giye  God  thanks, 

an4 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.     44 j 

and  make  no  boaft  of  it*  and  for  your  writing  and 
reading,  let  that  appear  when  there  is  no  need  of 
fuch  vanity  :  you  are  thought  here  to  be  the  moft 
fenfeleis  and  fit  man  for  the  Conftable  of  the  Watch, 
therefore  bear  you  the  lanthorn  j  this  is  your  charge  : 
you  fhall  comprehend  all  vagrom  men  3  you  are  to  bid 
any  man  Hand  in  the  Prince's  name. 

2  Watch.  How  if  he  will  not  ftand  ? 

Dogb.  Why,  then  take  no  note  of  him,  but  let  him 
go  >  and  prefently  call  the  reft  of  the  Watch  together, 
and  thank  God  you  are  rid  of  a  knave. 

Verg.  If  he  will  not  ftand  when  he  is  bidden,  he  is 
none  of  the  Prince's  Subjects. 

Dogb.  True,  and  they  are  to  meddle  with  none  but 
the  Prince's  Subjects  :  you  fhall  alfo  make  no  noife  in 
the  ftreetsj  for,  for  the  Watch  to  babble  and  talk,  if 
moft  tolerable,  and  not  to  be  endur'd. 

2  Watch.  We  will  rather  fleep,  than  talk  \  we  know 
what  belongs  to  a  Watch. 

Dogb.  Why,  you  fpeak  like  an  ancient  and  moft 
quiet  watchman,  for  I  cannot  fee  how  Sleeping  mould 
offend  $  only  have  a  care  that  your  Bills  be  not  ftolen: 
well,  you  are  to  call  at  all  the  ale-houfes,  and  bid 
them  that  are  drunk  get  them  to  bed. 

2  Watch.  How  if  they  will  not  ? 

Dogb.  Why,  then  let  them  alone 'till  they  arc  fober  * 
if  they  make  you  not  then  the  better  anfwer,  you  may- 
lay,  they  are  not  the  men  you  took  them  for. 

2  Watch.  Well,  Sir. 

Dogb.  If  you  meet  a  thief,  you  may  fufpect  him  by 
vertue  of  your  office  to  be  no  true  man;  and  for  fuch 
kind  of  men,  the  lefs  you  meddle  or  make  with  them, 
why,  the  more  is  for  your  honefty. 

2  Watch.  If  we  know  him  to  be  a  thieT,  fhall  we 
not  lay  hands  on  him  ? 

Dogb.  Truly,  by  your  office  you  may  5  but;  I  think, 
they  that  touch  pitch  will  be  defil'd :  the  moft  peace- 
able way  for  you,  if  you  do  take  a  thief,  is,  to  let 
him  fhew  himfelf  what  he  is,  and  fteal  out  of  your 
company. 


? 


44^    Muck  Ad  o  about  Nothing. 

Verg.  You  have  been  always  call'd  a  merciful  man> 
Partner. 

Dogb.  Truly,  I  would  not  bang  a  dog  by  my  will* 
much  more  a  man  who  hath  any  honefty  in  him. 

Verg.  If  you  hear  a  child  cry  in  the  night,  you  muffc 
call  to  the  nurfe  and  bid  her  ftill  it. 

i  Watch.  How  if  the  nurfe  be  afleep,  and  will  not 
hear  us? 

Dogb.  Why,  then  depart  in  peace,  and  let  the  child 
wake  her  with  crying :  for  the  ewe  that  will  not  hear 
her  lamb  when  it  baes,  will  never  anfwer  a  calf  when 
he  bleats. 

Verg.  'Tis  very  true. 

Dogb.  This  is  the  end  of  the  charge:  you,  confta- 
ble,  are  to  prefent  the  Prince's  own  perfon ;  if  you 
meet  the  Prince  in  the  night,  you  may  ftay  him. 

Verg.  Nay,  birlady,  that,  1  think,  he  cannot. 

Dogb.  Five  fhillings  to  one  on't  with  any  man  that 
knows  the  Statues,  he  may  ftay  him ;  marry,  not  with- 
out the  Prince  be  willing:  for,  indeed,  the  Watch  ought 
to  offend  no  man;  and  it  is  an  offence  to  ftay  a  man 
againft  his  will. 

Verg.  Birlady,  I  think,  it  be  fo. 

Dogb.  Ha,  ha,  ha!  well,  mailers,  good  night;  an 
there  be  any  matter  of  weight  chances,  call  up  me* 
keep  your  fellow's  counfels  and  your  own,  and  good 
night  j  come,  neighbour. 

z  Watch.  Well,  mafters,  we  hear  our  charge;  let 
us  go  fit  here  upon  the  church-bench  'till  two,  and 
then  all  to  bed. 

Dogb.  One  word  more,  honeft  neighbours.  I  pray 
you,  watch  about  Signior  Lconato's  door,  for  the  Wed- 
ding being  there  to  morrow,  there  is  a  great  coil  to 
night;  adieu-,  be  vigilant,  I  befeech  you. 

[_Exeunt  Dogberry  and  Verges. 

Enter  Borachio  and  Conrade. 

Bora.  What?  Conrade,—* 

Watch.  Peace,  ftir  not.  [Jfide. 

Bora,  Conradc,  1  lay. 

Cotir. 


Mu  c  hAdo  about  Nothing.    447 

Conr.  Here,  man,  I  am  at  thy  elbow. 

Bora.  Mafs,  and  my  elbow  itch'd,  I  thought  there 
would  a  fcab  follow. 

Conr.  I  will  owe  thee  an  anfwer  for  that,  and  now 
forward  with  thy  tale. 

Bora.  Stand  thee  clofe  then  under  this  pent-houfe, 
for  it  drizzles  rain,  and  I  will,  like  a  true  drunkard, 
utter  all  to  thee. 

Watch.  Some  treafon,  matters  j  yet  ftand  clofc. 

Bora.  Therefore  know,  I  have  earned  of  Eton  John 
a  thoufand  ducats. 

Conr.  Is  it  poflible  that  any  villany  fhould  be  fo 
dear? 

Bora.  Thou  fhould'fl  rather  ask,  if  it  were  poflible 
any  villany  fhould  be  fo  rich?  for  when  rich  villains 
have  need  of  poor  ones,  poor  ones  may  make  what 
price  they  will. 

Conr.  I  wonder  at  it. 

Bora.  That  fhews,  thou  art  unconfirm'd;  thou  know- 
eft,  that  the  fafhion  of  a  doublet,  or  a  hat,  or  a  cloak 
is  nothing  to  a  man. 

Conr.  Yes,  it  is  apparel. 

Bora.  I  mean,  the  fafhion. 

Conr.  Yes,  the  fafhion  is  the  fafhion. 

Bora.  Turn,  I  may  as  well  fay,  the  fool's  the  foolj 
but  feeft  thou  not,  what  a  deformed  thief  this  fafhion 
is? 

Watch.  I  know  that  Deformed^  he  has  been  a  vile 
thief  this  feven  years  j  he  goes  up  and  down  like  a 
gentleman :  I  remember  his  name. 

Bora.  Didft  thou  not  hear  fome  body  ? 

Com.  No,  'twas  the  vane  on  the  houfe. 

Bora.  Seen:  thou  not,  I  fay,  what  a  deformed  thief 
this  fafhion  is?  how  giddily  he  turns  about  all  the  hot- 
bloods  between  fourteen  and  five  and  thirty  5  fome- 
times  fafhioning  them  like  Pharaoh  foldiers  in  the 
reachy  painting;  fometimes,  like  the  God  BeVs  priefts 
in  the  old  church-window,  fometimes,  like  the  fhaven 
Hercules  in  the  fmirch'd  worm-eaten  tapeflry,  where 
his  codpiece  feems  as  maffie  as  his  club. 

Conr. 


448      Much  Ado  about  Not  hing, 

Cony.  All  this  I  fee,  and  fee,  that  the  fafhion  wears 
out  more  apparel  than  the  man>  but  art  not  thou  thy 
fclf  giddy  with  the  fafhion  too,  that  thou  haft  fhifted 
out  of  thy  tale  into  telling  me  of  the  fafhion  ? 

Bora.  Not  fo  neither  j  but  know,  that  I  have  to 
night  wooed  Margiiret^  the  lady  Hero's  gentlewoman, 
by  the  name  of  Hero-y  fhe  leans  me  out  at  her  mi- 
itreis's  chamber- window,  bids  me  a  thoufand  times^ 
good  night —  I  tell  this  tale  vildly —  1  fhould  firft 
tell  thee,  how  the  Prince,  Claudio,  and  my  mafter, 
planted  and  placed,  and  pofTefTed  by  my  mafter  Don 
Job*)  law  a  far  off  in  the  orchard  this  amiable  en- 
counter. 

Conr.  And  thought  they,  Margaret  was  Hero? 

Bora.  Two  of  them  did,  the  Prince  and  Claudio% 
but  the  devil  my  mafter  knew,  fhe  was  Margaret  -,  and 
partly  by  his  oaths,  which  firft  pofteft  them,  partly  by 
the  dark  night,  which  did  deceive  them,  but  chiefly  by 
my  villany,  which  did  confirm  any  flander  that  Don 
John  had  made,  away  went  Claudio  enraged  5  fwore, 
he  would  meet  her  as  he  was  appointed  next  morn- 
ing at  the  Temple,  and  there  before  the  whole  Congre- 
gation fhame  her  with  what  he  faw  o'er  night,  and 
fend  her  home  again  without  a  husband. 

1  Watch.  We  charge  you  in  the  Prince's  name,  (land. 

2.  Watch,  Call  up  the  right  mafter  conftable;  we  have 
here  recovered  the  moft  dangerous  piece  of  lechery 
that  ever  was  known  in  the  common-wealth. 

1  Watch.  And  one  Deformed  is  one  of  them  \  I  know 
him,  he  wears  a  lock. 

Conr.  Mafters,  matters, —  (if) 

(is)  Conr.  Ma/ins,  Mafters, 


2  Watch.   You'll  be  made  bring  Deformed  forth,  I  warrant  you. 

Conr.  Jilaflers,  never  /peak,  we  charge  you,  let  us  obey  you  to  go  with 
us.]  The  different  Regulation  which  I  have  made  in  this  lait  Speech, 
tho'  again  ft  the  Authority  of  all  the  printed  Copies,  I  flatter  my  felfj 
carries  its  Proof  with  it.  Conrade  and  Boracbio  are  not  defignM  to  talk 
abfurd  Nonfenfe;  that  is  the  diftinguifriing  Chara<fteriftick  of  the  Con- 
fable  and  Watch.  It  is  evident  therefore,  that  Conrade  is  attempting 
his  own  [unification  \  but  is  interrupted  in  it  by  the  Impertinence  of  the 
Men  in  Office. 

z  Watch. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    44  9 

z  Watch.  You*U  be  made  bring  Deformed  forth,  I 
warrant  you. 
Com.  Mailers, 


1  F/atch.  Never  fpeak*  we  charge  you,  let  us  obey 
you  to  go  with  us. 

Bora.  We  are  like  to  prove  a  goodly  commodity, 
being  taken  up  of  thefe  mens  bills. 

Com.  A  commodity  in  queftion,  1  warrant  you: 
come,  we'll  obey  you.  [Exeunt. 

S  C  E  N  E,Hero\r  Apartment  in  LeonatoV  Houfe. 
Enter  Hero,  Margaret  and  Urfula. 


Hero.f~^  O  O  D  Urfulay  wake  my  coufin  Beatrice^  and 
VJ  defire  her  to  rife. 

Urfu.  I  will,  lady. 

Hero.  And  bid  her  come  hither. 

Urfu.  Well. 

Marg.  Troth,  I  think,  your  other  Rebato  were  better. 

Hero.  No,  pray  thee,  good  Meg,  I'll  wear  this. 

Marg.  By  my  troth,  it's  not  fo  good  \  and,  I  war- 
rant,  your  coufin  will  fay  fo. 

Hero.  My  coufin's  a  fool,  and  thou  art  another.  I'll 
wear  none  but  this. 

Marg.  I  like  the  new  tire  within  excellently,  if  the 
hair  were  a  thought  browner  -y  and  your  gown's  a 
moft  rare  fafhion,  l'faith.  I  faw  the  Dutchefs  of  Mi- 
lan's gown,  that  they  praife  fo. 

Hero.  O,  that  exceeds,  they  fay. 

Marg.  By  my  troth,  it's  but  a  night-gown  in  refpe<5fc 
of  yours  •>  cloth  of  gold  and  cuts,  and  lac'd  with  fii- 
ver,  fet  with  pearls  down-fleeves,  fide-fleeves  and  skirts, 
round,  underborn  with  a  blueiih  tinfelj  but  for  a  fine, 
queint,  graceful  and  excellent  fafhion,  yours  is  worth 
ten  on't 

Hero.  God  give  me  joy  to  wear  it,  for  my  heart  is 
exceeding  heavy ! 

Marg.  'Twill  be  heavier  foon  by  the  weight  of  a 
man. 

Vol.  I.  G  g  Hero. 


45 o     Much  Ado  ^Nothing, 

Hero,  Fie  upon  thee,  art  not  afham'd? 

Marg.  Of  what,  lady  ?  of  fpeaking  honourably  ?  is 
not  marriage  honourable  in  a  beggar?  is  not  your 
lord  honourable  without  marriage?  1  think,  you  would 
have  me  fay  (faving  your  reverence)  a  husband.  If 
bad  thinking  do  not  wreft  true  fpeaking,  I'll  offend 
-4-  no  body  $  is  there  any  harm  in  the  heavier  for  a  huf- 
band  ?  none,  I  think,  if  it  be  the  right  husband,  and 
the  right  wife,  otherwife  'tis  light  and  not  heavy  >  ask 
my  lady  Beatrice  elfe,  here  flie  comes. 

Enter  Beatrice. 

Here.  Good  morrow,  coz. 

Beat.  Good  morrow,  fweet  Hero. 

Hero.  Why  how  now  ?  do  you  fpeak  in  the  fick  tune? 

Beat.  I  am  out  of  all  other  tune,  methinks. 

Marg,  Clap  us  into  Light  o'  love ;  that  goes  without 
a  burden  -,  do  you  fing  it,  and  I'll  dance  it. 

Beat.  Yes,  Light  0'  love  with  your  heels  ;  then  if 
your  husband  have  ftables  enough/ you'll  look  he  fhall 
lack  no  barns. 

Marg.  O  illegitimate  conftru&ion !  I  fcorn  that  with 

my  heels. 

Beat.  'Tis  almoft  five  o'clock,  coufin;  'tis  time  you 
were  ready :  by  my  troth,  I  am  exceeding  ill  •,  hey  ho ! 

Marg.  For  a  hawk,  a  horfe,  or  a  husband  ? 

Beat.  For  the  letter  that  begins  them  all,  H. 

Marg.  Well,  if  you  be  not  turn'd  ?urk,  there's  no 
more  failing  by  the  flar. 

Beat.  What  means  the  fool,  trow  ? 

Marg.  Nothing  I,  but  God  fend  every  one  their 
heart's  defire! 

Hero.  Thefe  gloves  the  Count  fent  me,  they  are  an 
excellent  perfume. 

Beat.  I  am  ftuft,  coufin,  I  cannot  fmell. 

Mcrg.  A  maid,  and  ftuft !  there's  goodly  catching  of 

COiv'.. 

Beat.  O,  God  help  me,  God  help  me,  how  long  have 
you  profeft  apprehenflon  ? 

Marg.  Ever  fince  you  left  it  ^  doth  not  my  wit  be- 
come me  rarely  ?  ^eat- 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    45 1 

Beat.  It  is  not  feen  enough,  you  fliould  wear  it  in 
your  cap.     By  my  troth,  I  am  fick. 

Marg.  Get  you  fome  of  this  diftilPd  Garduus,  Bene" 
difius,  and  lay  it  to  your  heart  5  it  is  the  only  thing 
for  a  qualm. 

Hero,  There  thou  prick'ft  her  with  a  thiftle. 

Beat.  Eenediclus?  why  BenediUus?  you  have  fome 
moral  in  this  Benedi&us. 

Marg.  Moral?  no,  by  my  troth,  I  have  no  moral 
meaning,  I  meant  plain  holy-thiftle :  you  may  think; 
perchance,  that  I  think  you  are  in  love  5  nay,  birlady, 
I  am  not  fuch  a  fool  to  think  what  I  lift*  nor  I  lift 
not  to  think  what  I  can l,  nor,  indeed,  I  cannot  think, 
if  I  would  think  my  heart  out  with  thinking,  that  you 
are  in  love,  or  that  you  will  be  in  love,  or  that  you 
can  be  in  love :  yet  Benedick  was  fuch  another,  and 
now  is  he  become  a  man ;  he  fwore,  he  would  never 
niarryj  and  yet  now,  in  defpight  of  his  heart,  he  eats 
his  meat  without  grudging  j  and  how  you  may  be  con- 
verted, I  know  not  5  bur,  methinks,  you  look  with 
your  eyes  as  other  women  do. 

Beat.  What  pace  is  this  that  thy  tongue  keeps? 

Marg.  Not  a  falfe  gallop. 

Urfu.  Madam,  withdraw  5  the  Prince,  the  Count, 
Signior  Benedick^  Don  John9  and  all  the  Gallants  of 
the  town  are  come  to  fetch  you  to  church. 

Hero.  Help  to  drefs  me,  good  coz,  good  Meg9  good 
Vrfula.  ^Exeunt. 

SCENE,  another  Apartment  in  LeonatoV 

Houfe. 

Enter  Leonato,  with  Dogberry  and  Verges. 

Leon.XT  7  HAT  would  you  with  me,  honefl  neigh- 
VV      bour  ? 

Dogb.  Marry,  Sir,  I  would  have  fome  confidence  with 
you  that  decerns  you  nearly. 

Leon,  Brief,  I  pray  you  s  for,  you  fee,  'tis  a  bufy  time 
With  me> 

0  g  z  Degk* 


4S2*     Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Dogb.  Marry,  this  it  is,  Sir. 

Ver.  Yes,  in  truth  it  is,  Sir. 

Leon.  What  is  it,  my  good  friends  ? 

Dogb.  Goodman  Verges^  Sir,  fpeaks  a  little  of  the 
matter ,  an  old  man,  Sir,  and  his  wits  are  not  fo  blunt, 
as,  God  help,  I  would  defire  they  were,  but,  in  faith,  as 
honed  as  the  skin  between  his  brows. 

Verg.  Yes,  I  thank  God,  I  am  as  honeft  as  any  man 
living,  that  is  an  old  man,  and  no  honefter  than  I. 

Dogb.  Comparifons  are  odorous  5  palabras^  neighbour 
Verges. 

Leon.  Neighbours,  you  are  tedious. 

Dogb.  It  pleafes  your  worfhip  to  fay  fo,  but  we  are 
the  poor  Duke's  officers  5  but,  truly,  for  mine  own 
part,  if  I  were  as  tedious  as  a  King,  I  could  find  in 
my  heart  to  befiow  it  all  of  your  worfhip. 

Leon.  All  thy  tedioufnefs  on  me,  ha? 

Dogb.  Yea,  and  'twere  a  thoufand  times  more  than 
'tis,  for  I  hear  as  good  exclamation  on  your  worfhip 
sfs  of  any  man  in  the  city  ;  and  tho'  I  be  but  a  poor 
man,  I  am  glad  to  hear  it. 

Verg.  And  fo  am  I. 

Leon.  I  would  fain  know  wriat  you  have  to  fay. 

Verg.  Marry,  Sir,  our  Watch-  to  night,  excepting 
ycur  worihip's  prefence,  hath  ta'en  a  couple  of  as  ar- 
rant knaves  as  any  in  MeJJimi. 

Dogb.  A  good  old  man,  Sir  5  he  will  be  talking,  as 
they  fay  ;  when  the  age  is  in,  the  wit  is  out  5  God  help 
us,  it  is  a  world  to  fee :  well  faid,  i'faith,  neighbour 
Verges,  well,  he's  a  good  man;  an  two  men  ride  an 
horfe,  one  muft  ride  behind;  an  honeft  foul,  i'faith, 
Sir,  by  my  troth  he  is,  as  ever  broke  bread,  but  God 
is  to  be  worfhip'd  5  all  men  are  not  alike^  alas,  good 
neighbour  ! 

Leon.  Indeed,  neighbour,  he  comes  too  fhort  of  you. 

Dogb.  Gifts,  that  God  gives. 

Lecn.  I  mull  leave  you. 

Dogb.  One  word,  Sir;  our  Watch  have,  indeed,  com- 
prehended two  aufpicions  perfons;  and  we  would  have 
them  this  morning  examin'd  before  your  woiihip. 

Leon. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing,    47$ 

Leon,  Take  their  examination  your  felf,  and  bring 
it  me*  I  am  now  in  great  hafte,  as  may  appear  unto 
you. 

Dogb.  It  mall  be  fuffigance. 

Leon,  Drink  fome  wine  ere  you  go :  fare  you  well. 

Enter  a  Mejfenger. 

Mejf.  My  lord,  they  ftay  for  you  to  give  your  daugh- 
ter to  her  husband. 

Leon.  I'll  wait  upon  them.     I  am  ready.  {Ex.  Leon. 

Dogb.  Go,  good  Partner,  go  get  you  to  Francis  Sea- 
coale^  bid  him  bring  his  pen  and  inkhorn  to  the  jail  j 
we  are  now  to  examine  thofe  men. 

Verg.  And  we  muft  do  it  wifely. 

Dogb.  We  will  fpare  for  no  wit,  I  warrant  \  here's 
That  mall  drive  fome  of  them  to  a  non-come.  Only  get 
the  learned  writer  to  fet  down  our  excommunication, 
and  meet  me  at  the  Jail.  {Exeunt. 


ACT      IV. 

SCENE,     a    Church. 

Enter  T>.  Pedro,  T>.  John,  Leonato,  Friar, 
Claudio,  Benedick,  Hero,  and  Beatrice. 

Leonato. 

COME,  friar  Francis^  be  brief,  only  to  the  plain 
form  of  marriage,  and   you  (hall  recount  their 
particular  duties  afterwards. 
Friar.    You  come  hither,  my  Lord,  to  marry  this 
lady? 

Claud.  No. 

Leon.  To  be  marry'd  to   her,   friar;  you  come  to 
marry  her. 

G  g  5  Friar* 


454    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Friar.  Lady,  you  come  hither  to  be  marry'd  to  this 
Count  ? 

Hero.  I  do. 

Friar.  If  either  of  you  know  any  inward  impediment 
why  you  fliould  not  be  conjoin'd,  I  charge  you  on 
your  fouls  to  utter  it. 

Claud.  Know  you  any,  Hero  ? 

Hero.  None,  my  Lord. 

Friar.  Know  you  any.  Count? 

Leon.  I  dare  make  his  anfwer,  none. 

Claud.  O  what  men  dare  do!  what  men  may  do! 
what  men  daily  do!  not  knowing  what  they  do! 

Bene.  How  now !  Interjedtions?  why,  then  fome  be  of 
laughing,  as  ha,  ha,  he! 

Claud.  Stand  thee  by,  friar:  father,  by  your  leave; 
Will  you  with  free  and  uncon drained  foul 
Give  me  this  maid  your  daughter? 

Leon.  As  freely,  (on,  as  God  did  give  her  me. 

Claud.  And  what  have  I  to  give  you  back,  whofe 
worth 
May  counterpoife  this  rich  and  precious  gift? 

Pedro.  Nothing,  unlefs  you  render  her  again. 

Claud.  Sweet  Prince,  you  learn  me  noble  thankful1? 
nefs  : 
There,  Leonato^  take  her  back  again  5 
Give  not  this  rotten  orange  to  your  friend. 
She's  but  the  fign  and  femblance  of  her  honour: 
Behold,  how  like  a  maid  fhe  blufhes  here! 
O,  what  authority  and  fhew  of  truth 
Can  cunning  fin  cover  it  felf  withal! 
Comes  not  that  blood,  as  mpdeft  evidence, 
To  vvitnefs  fimple  virtue?  would  you  not  fwear, 
All  you  that  fee  her,  that  fhe  were  a  maid, 
Bv  thefe  exterior  fhews  ?  but  the  is  none : 
She  knows  the  heat  of  a  luxurious  bed , 
Her  blufh  is  guiltinefs,  not  modelty. 

Leon.  V>  hat  do  you  mean,  my  Lord? 

Claud.  Not  to  be  marry'd, 
Not  knit  my  foul  to  an  approved  Wanton. 

Lwh 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    455 

Leon.  Dear  my  Lord,  if  you  in  your  own  approof  (16) 
Have  vanquifh'd  the  refiftance  of  her  youth, 
And  made  defeat  of  her  virginity — ■ — - 

Claud.  I  know  what  you  would  fay  :  if  I  have  known 
her, 
You'll  fay,  fhe  did  embrace  me  as  a  husband, 
And  fo  extenuate  the  forehand  fin. 
No,  LeonatOj 

I  never  tempted  her  with  word  too  large  j 
But,  as  a  brother  to  his  fifter,  fhew'd 
Bafhful  fincerity,  and  comely  love. 

Hero.  And  feem'd  I  ever  otherwife  to  you? 

Claud.  Out  on  thy  Seeming!  I  will  write  againft  it  j 
You  feem  to  me  as  Dian  in  her  orb, 
As  chafte  as  is  the  bud  ere  it  be  blown : 
But  you  are  more  intemperate  in  your  blood 
Than  Venus^  or  thofe  pamper'd  animals 
That  rage  in  favage  fenfuality. 

Hero.  Is  my  Lord  well,  that  he  doth  fpeak  fo  wide  ? 

Leon.  Sweet  Prince,  why  fpeak  not  you? 

Pedro.  What  ihould  I  fpeak  ? 
I  ftand  difhonour'd,  that  have  gone  about 
To  link  my  dear  friend  to  a  common  Stale. 

Leon.  Are  thefe  things  fpoken,  or  do  I  but  dream  ? 

John.  Sir,  they  are  fpoken,  and  thefe  things  are  true. 

Bene.  This  looks  not  like  a  Nuptial. 

Hero.  True!  O  God! 

Claud.  Leonato,  ftand  I  here  ? 
Is  this  the  Prince?  Is  this  the  Prince's  Brother? 
Is  this  face  Hero's?  are  our  eyes  our  own? 

(16)  Dear  my  Lord,  if  you  in  your  own  Proof,]  I  am  furpriz'd,  the 
Poetical  Editors  did  not  obferve  the  Lamenefs  of  this  Verfe.  It  evi- 
dently wants  a  Syllable  in  the  laft  Foot,  which  I  have  reftor'd  by  a 
Word,  which,  I  prefume,  the  firft  Editors  might  hefitate  at ;  tho'  it  is 
r  very  proper  one,  and  a  Word  elfewhere  uled  by  our  Author. 
Anth.  and  Chop. 

«  ■        '  ■ "     Sifler,  prove  fuch  a  Wife 

As  my  Thoughts  make  thee,  and  my  farthtft  Bond 

Shall  fafs  on  thy  Approof. 
Eefides,  in  the  PalTage  under  Examination,  this  Word  comes  in  almoil 
nece[.arily,  as  Claudia  had  faid  in  the  Line  immediately  preceding; 

Not  knit  my  Soul  to  an  approved  Wanton.. 

G  g  4  Leork, 


45 ^    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Leon.   All  this  is  foj  but  what  of  this,  my  lord? 

Claud.   Let   me   but    move    one    queftion   to    your 
daughter, 
And  by  that  fatherly  and  kindly  power 
That  you  have  in  her,  bid  her  anfwer  truly. 

Leon.  I  charge  thee  do  fo,  as  thou  art  my  child. 

Hero.  O  God  defend  me,  how  am  I  befet ! 
What  kind  of  catechizing  call  you  this? 

Claud.  To  make  you  anfwer  truly  to  your  name. 

Hero.  Is  it  not  Hero  ?  who  can  blot  that  name 
With  any  jufb  reproach? 

Claud.  Marry,  that  can  Hero; 
Hero  her  felf  can  blot  out  Hero's  virtue. 
What  man  was  he  talk'd  with  you  yefternight 
Out  at  your  window  betwixt  twelve  and  one  ? 
Now,  if  you  are  a  maid,  anfwer  to  this. 

■Hero.  I  talk'd  with  no  man  at  that  hour,  my  Lord, 

Pedro.  Why,  then  you  are  no  maiden,     Leonato^ 
I  am  forry,  you  mull:  hear>  upon  mine  Honour, 
My  felf,  my  Brother,  and  this  grieved  Count 
Did  fee  her,  hear  her,  at  that  hour  laft  night 
Talk  with  a  ruffian  at  her  chamber- window » 
Who  hath,  indeed,  moft  like  a  liberal  villain, 
ConfeiVd  the  vile  encounters  they  have  had 
A  thoufand  times  in  fecret. 

John.  Fie,  fie,  they  are  not  to  be  nam'd,  my  Lord, 
Not  to  be  fpoken  of  5 
There  is  not  chaftity  enough  in  language, 
Without  offence,  to  utter  them:  thus,  pretty  lady, 
I  am  forry  for  thy  much  mifgovernment. 

Claud.  O  Hero!  what  a  Hero  hadft  thou  been, 
If  half  thy  outward  graces  had  been  plac'd 
About  the  thoughts  and  counfels  of  thy  heart? 
Put  fare  thee  well,  moft  foul,  moft:  fair!  farewel, 
Thou  pure  impiety,  and  impious  purity! 
For  thee  Til  lock  up  all  the  gates  of  love, 
And  on  my  eyelids  mall  Conjecture  hang, 
To  turn  all  beauty  into  thoughts  of  harm  ; 
And  never  fhall  it  more  be  gracious. 

Leon.  Hath  no  man's  dagger  here  a  point  for  me? 

Beat. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    457 

Beat.  Why,  how  now,  Coufin,  wherefore  fink  you 
down? 

John,  Come,  let  us  go ;   thefe  things  come  thus  to 
light, 
Smother  her  fpirits  up. 

\_Exe.  D.  Pedro,  D.  John  and  Claud, 

Bene.  How  doth  the  lady? 

Beat.  Dead,  I  think  $  help,  uncle. 
Hero!  why,  Hero!  uncle!  Signior  Benedick!  friar! 

Leon.  O  fate !  take  not  away  thy  heavy  hand ; 
Death  is  the  faireft  cover  for  her  fhame, 
That  may  be  wifh'd  for. 

Beat.  How  now,  coufin  Hero  ? 

Friar.  Have  comfort,  Lady. 

Leon.  Doft  thou  look  up  ? 

Friar.  Yea,  wherefore  fliould  ihe  not  ? 

Leon.  Wherefore  ?  why,  doth  not  every  earthly  thing 
Cry  fhame  upon  her  ?  could  ihe  here  deny 
The  ftory  that  is  printed  in  her  blood  ? 
Do  not  live,  Hero^  do  not  ope  thine  eyes : 
For  did  I  think,  thou  wouldft  not  quickly  die, 
Thought  I,  thy  fpirits  were  ftronger  than  thy  fhames, 
My  felf  would  on  the  rereward  of  reproaches 
Strike  at  thy  life.     Griev'd  I,  I  had  but  one? 
Chid  I  for  That  at  frugal  nature's  frame? 
I've  one  too  much  by  thee.     Why  had  I  one? 
Why  ever  waft  thou  lovely  in  my  eyes  ? 
Why  had  I  not,  with  charitable  hand, 
Took  up  a  beggar's  iflue  at  my  gates? 
Who  fmeered  thus,  and  mir'd  with  infamy, 
I  might  have  faid,  no  part  of  it  is  mine 5 
This  fhame  derives  it  felf  from  unknown  loins : 
But  mine,  and  mine  I  lov'd,  and  mine  I  prais'd, 
And  mine  that  I  was  proud  on,  mine  fo  much, 
That  I  my  felf  was  to  my  felf  not  mine, 
Valuing  of  herj  why,  me, — -O,  ihe  is  falPn 
Into  a  pit  of  ink,  that  the  wide  fea 
Hath  drops  too  few  to  wafh  her  clean  again  5 
And  fait  too  little,  which  may  feafon  give 
To  her  foul  tainted  flefh ! 

Bene. 


45  8    MuchAdo  about  Nothing. 

Bene.  Sir,  Sir,  be  patient  5 
For  my  part,  I  am  fo  attir'd  in  wonder, 
I  know  not  what  to  fay. 

Beat.  O,  on  my  foul,  my  coufin  is  bely'd. 

Bene.  Lady,  were  you  her  bedfellow  laft  night? 

Beat.  No,  truly,  not  5  altho'  until  laft  night 
I  have  this  twelvemonth  been  her  bedfellow. 

Leon.   Confirm'd,  confirm'd!    O,  That  is  ftronger 
made, 
Which  was  before  barr'd  up  with  ribs  of  iron. 
Would  the  two  Princes  lie?  and  Claudio  lie? 
Who  lov'd  her  fo,  that,  fpeaking  of  her  foulnefs, 
Wafh'd  it  with  tears?  hence  from  her,  let  her  die. 

Friar.  Hear  me  a  little, 
For  I  have  only  been  filent  fo  long, 
And  given  way  unto  this  courfe  of  fortune, 
By  noting  of  the  lady.     I  have  mark'd 
A  thoufand  bluihing  apparitions 
To  ftart  into  her  face  5  a  thoufand  innocent  fliames 
In  angel  whitenefs  bear  away  thofe  blufties ; 
And  in  her  eye  there  hath  appear'd  a  fire, 
To  burn  the  errors  that  thefe  Princes  hold 
Againft  her  maiden  truth.     Call  me  a  fool, 
Truft  not  my  reading,  nor  my  obfervations, 
Which  with  experimental  feal  doth  warrant 
The  tenour  of  my  book  5  truft  not  my  age, 
My  reverence,  calling,  nor  divinity, 
If  this  fweet  lady  lie  not  guiltlefs  here, 
Under  fome  biting  error. 

Leon.  Friar,  it  cannot  be* 
Thou  feeft,  that  all  the  grace  that  me  hath  left, 
Is,  that  fhe  will  not  add  to  her  damnation 
A  fin  of  perjury  >  fhe  not  denies  it : 
Why  feek'ft  thou  then  to  cover  with  excufe 
That,  which  appears  in  proper  nakednefs? 

Friar.  Lady,  what  man  is  he  you  are  accus'd  of? 

Hero.  They  know,  that  do  accufe  me 5  I  know  none: 
If  I  know  more  of  any  man  alive, 
Than  that  which  maiden  modefty  doth  warrant, 
J^et  all  my  fins  lack  mercy.    Q  my  father. 

Prove 


MuchAdo  about  Nothing.    452 

Prove  you  that  any  man  with  me  convers'd 
At  hours  unmeet,  or  that  I  yelternight 
Maintain'd  the  change  of  words  with  any  creature, 
Jlefufe  me,  hate  me,  torture  me  to  death. 

Friar.  There  is  fame  flrange  mifprifion  in  the  Princes. 

Bene.  Two  of  them  have  the  very  bent  of  honour^ 
And  if  their  wifdoms  be  mif-led  in  this, 
The  Practice  of  it  lives  in  John  the  baftard, 
Whofe  fpirits  toil  in  frame  of  villanies. 

Leon.  I  know  not :  if  they  fpeak  but  truth  of  her, 
Thefe  hands  fhall  tear  her  $  if  they  wrong  her  honour, 
The  proudeft  of  them  (hall  well  hear  of  it. 
Time  hath  not  yet  fo  dry'd  this  blood  of  mine, 
Nor  age  fo  eat  up  my  invention, 
Nor  fortune  made  fuch  havock  of  my  means, 
Nor  my  bad  life  reft  me  fo  much  of  friends, 
But  they  mail  find  awak'd,  in  fuch  a  kind, 
Both  flrength  of  limb,  and  policy  of  mind, 
Ability  in  means,  and  choice  of  friends, 
To  quit  me  of  them  throughly. 

Friar.  Paufe  a  while, 
And  let  my  counfel  fway  you  in  this  cafe. 
Your  daughter  here  the  Princes  left  for  dead^  (17) 
Let  her  awhile  be  fecretly  kept  in, 
And  publifh  it,  that  ihe  is  dead,  indeed  : 
Maintain  a  mourning  oftentation, 
And  on  your  family's  old  Monument 

(17)  Tour  Daughter  here  the  Princefs  (left  for  dead)}  But  how 
comes  Hero  to  flart  up  a  Princefs  here?  We  have  no  Intimation  of  her 
Father  being  a  Prince  ;  and  this  is  the  firft  and  only  Time  that  She  is 
complimented  with  this  Dignity.  The  Remotion  of  a  fingle  Letter,  and 
of  the  Parenthefis,  will  bring  her  to  her  own  Rank,  and  the  Place  to 
its  true  Meaning. 

Tour  Daughter  here  the  Princes  left  for  dead; 
i,  e.  Don  Pedro,  Prince  of  Arragon ;  and  his  Baftard  Brother  who   is 
likewife  callM  a  Prince.     So  in  the  other  Paflages  of  this  Play ; 

To  burn  the  Error  that  thefe  Princes  hold 

Againft  her  Maiden  Honour. 
And  again, 

There  is  feme  Jirange  Mifprifion  in  thefe  Princes. 
And  again, 

I  thank  you,  Princes,  for  my  Daughter1 5  Death, 

Hang 


460    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Hang  mournful  Epitaphs,  and  do  all  rites 
That  appertain  unto  a  burial. 

Leon.  What  fhall  become  of  this  ?  what  will  this  do  ? 

Friar.  Marry,  this,  well  carry'd,  fhall  on  her  behalf 
Change  flander  to  remorfe;  that  is  fomegood: 
But  not  for  that  dream  I  on  this  ftrange  courfe, 
But  on  this  travel  look  for  greater  birth  : 
She  dying,  as  it  muft  be  fo  maintain'd, 
Upon  the  inftant  that  fhe  was  accus'd, 
Shall  be  lamented,  pity'd,  and  excus'd, 
Of  every  hearer:  for  it  fo  falls  out, 
That  what  we  have  we  prize  not  to  the  worth,  (18) 
Whiles  we  enjoy  it  •>  but  being  lack'd  and  loft, 
Why,  then  we  rack  the  value  -,  then  we  find 
The  virtue  that  poffeflion  would  not  fhew  us 
Whilft  ic  was  ours>  fo  will  it  fare  with  Claudio: 
When  he  fhall  hear  fhe  dy'd  upon  his  words, 
Th'  idea  of  her  Life  fhall  fweetly  creep 
Into  his  ftudy  of  imagination, 
And  every  lovely  organ  of  her  life 
Shall  come  apparel'd  in  more  precious  habit ; 
More  moving,  delicate,  and  full  of  life, 
Into  the  eye  and  profpe£fc  of  his  foul, 
Than  when  fhe  liv'd  indeed.     Then  fhall  he  mourn, 
If  ever  love  had  intereft  in  his  liver, 
And  wiih,  he  had  not  fo  accufed  her; 
No,  though  he  thought  his  accufation  true: 
Let  this  be  fo,  and  doubt  not,  but  fuccefs 
Will  fafhion  the  event  in  better  fhape 
Than  I  can  lay  it  down  in  likelihood. 
But  if  all  Aim  but  this  be  levelled  falfe, 
The  fuppofition  of  the  lady's  death 

(18)  That,  What  we  have,  <vjc  prize  not  to  the  Worth, 

Whiles  <we  enjoy  it ;  but  being  lack'd  and  loft, 

Why,  then  we  rack  the  Value ;  then  nve  find 

The  Virtue  that  PoiieiTion  would  not  Jhenu  us 

Whilft  it  nvas  ours: *—  ]     Whether  this  be  an  Imitation;, 

or  no,  I  wont  contend ;  but  if  not,  it  feems  to  me  a  very  fine  Paraphrafe 
on  this  PaiTage  of  Horace ;  Lib.  III.  Ode  24. 

Virtutem  incolumam  odimus, 

Sublatam  ex  oculis  quarimus  invidi. 

Will 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    461 

Will  quench  the  wonder  of  her  infamy. 

And,  if  it  fort  not  well,  you  may  conceal  her, 

As  beft  befits  her  wounded  reputation, 

In  fome  reclulive  and  religious  life, 

Out  of  all  eyes,  tongues,  minds,  and  injuries. 

Bene.  Signior  Leonato,  let  the  friar  advife  you; 
And  though,  you  know,  my  inwardnefs  and  love 
Is  very  much  unto  the  Prince  and  Claudlo^ 
Yec,  by  mine  honour,  I  will  deal  in  this 
As  fecretly  and  jufily,  as  your  foul 
Should  with  your  body. 

Leon.  Being  that  I  flow  in  grief, 
The  fmalleft  twine  may  lead  me. 

Friar.  'Tis  well  confented,  prefently  away ; 

For  to  ftrange  fores,  ftrangely  they  ftrain  the  cure. 
Come,  lady,  die  to  live  $  this  wedding  day, 

Perhaps,  is  but  prolong'd :  have  patience  and  en- 
dure. [Exeunt* 

Manent  Benedick  and  Beatrice. 

Bene.  Lady  Beatrice,  have  you  wept  all  this  while  ? 

Beat.  Yea,  and  1  will  weep  a  while  longer. 

Bene.  I  will  not  defire  that. 

Beat.  You  have  no  reafon,  I  do  it  freely. 

Bene.  Surely,  I  do  believe,  your  fair  coufin  is  wrong'd. 

Beat.  Ah,  how  much  might  the  man  deferve  of  me, 
that  would  right  her ! 

Bene.  Is  there  any  way  to  fhew  fuch  friendfhip  ? 

Beat.  A  very  even  way,  but  no  fuch  friend. 

Bene.  May  a  man  do  it  ? 

Beat.  It  is  a  man's  office,  but  not  yours. 

Bene.  I  do  love  nothing  in  the  world  fo  well  as  you  5 
is  not  that  ftrange  ? 

Beat.  As  ftrange.  as  the  thing  I  know  not  5  it  were 
as  pofTible  for  me  to  fay,  I  loved  nothing  fo  well  as 
you 3  but  believe  me  not  5  and  yet  I  lye  not  >  I  con- 
fefs  nothing,  nor  I  deny  nothing.  I  am  forry  for  my 
coufin. 

Bene.  By  my  fword,  Beatrice,  thou  lov'ft  me. 

Beat.  Do  not  fwear  by  it,  and  eat  it. 

Ben*. 


$ti    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Bene.  I  will  fwear  by  it  that  you  love  me  5  and  I 
will  make  him  eat  it,  that  fays,  I  love  not  you. 

Beat.  Will  you  not  eat  your  word  ? 

Bene.  With  no  faUcfc  that  can  be  devis'd  to  it  5  I 
proteft,  I  love  thee. 

Beat.  Why  then,  God  forgive  me. 

Bene.  What  offence,  fweet  Beatrice  ? 

Beat.  You  have  ftay'd  me  in  a  happy  hour  5  I  was 
about  to  proteft,  I  lov'd  you. 

Bene.  And  do  it  with  all  thy  heart. 

Beat.  I  love  you  with  fo  much  of  my  heart,  that 
none  is  left  to  proteft. 

Bene.  Come,  bid  me  do  any  thing  for  thee. 

Beat.  Kill  Claudio. 

Bene.  Ha!  not  for  the  wide  world. 

Beat.  You  kill  me  to  deny  -,  farewcl. 

Bene.  Tarry,  fweet  Beatrice. 

Beat.  I  am  gone,  tho'  I  am  here ;  there  is  no  We 
in  you ;  nay,  I  pray  you,  let  me  go. 

Bene.  Beatrice,* 

Beat.  In  faith,  I  will  go. 

Bene.  We'll  be  friends  firft. 

Beat.  You  dare  eafier  be  friends  with  me,  than  fight 
with  mine  enemy. 

Bene.  Is  Claudio  thine  enemy  ? 

Beat.  Is  he  not  approved  in  the  height  a  villain, 
that  hath  flander'd,  fcorn'd,  diihonour'd  my  kinfwo- 
man!  O  that  I  were  a  man!  what  bear  her  in  hand 
until  they  come  to  take  hands,  and  then  with  publick 
accufation,  uncover'd  flander,  unmitigated  rancour— 
O  God,  that  I  were  a  man!  I  would  eat  his  heart  in  the 
market-place. 

Bene.  Hear  me,  Beatrice. 

Beat.  Talk  with  a  man  out  at  a  window  ? a 

proper  faying! 

Bene.  Nay,  but  Beatrice. 

Beat.  Sweet  Hero!  fhe  is  wtong'd,  fhe  is  flander'd^ 
fhe  is  undone. 

Bene.  Beat  ■ 

Beat. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    463 

Beat.  Princes  and  Counts!  furely,  a  princely  tefti- 
mony,  a  goodly  count- comfeft,  a  iweet  gallant,  fure* 
ly !  O  that  I  were  a  man  for  his  fake !  Or  that  I  had 
any  friend  would  be  a  man  for  my  fake  !  but  man- 
hood is  melted  into  curtefies,  valour  into  compliment* 
and  men  are  only  turn'd  into  tongue,  and  trim  ones 
too  5  he  is  now  as  valiant  as  Hercules,  that  only  tells 
a  lie,  and  fwears  it :  I  cannot  be  a  man  with  wifhing, 
therefore  I  will  die  a  woman  with  grieving. 

Bene.  Tarry  good  Beatrice ;  by  this  hand,  I  love  thee. 

Beat.  Ufe  it  for  my  love  fome  other  way  than  fwear* 
ing  by  it. 

Bene.  Think  you  in  your  foul,  the  Count  Claudio 
hath  wrong'd  Hero? 

Beat.  Yea,  as  fure  as  I  have  a  thought  or  a  foul. 

Bene.  Enough,  I  am  engag'd,  I  will  challenge  him, 
I  will  kifs  your  hand,  and  fo  leave  you  5  by  this  hand, 
Claudio  fhall  render  me  a  dear  account  -,  as  you  hear  of 
me,  fo  think  of  me  5  go  comfort  your  coufin ;  I  muft 
fay,  fhe  is  dead,  and  fo  farewel.  [Exeunt. 

SCENE    changes  to  a  Trlfon. 

Enter  Dogberry,    Verges,    Borachio,    Conrade,    the 

Town-Clerk  and  Sexton  in  Gowns. 


To.  C7.T  S  our  whole  diflembly  appear'd? 


JL    Dog.  O,  a  ftool  and  a  cufhion  for  the  fexton ! 

Sexton.  Which  be  the  malefactors? 

Verg.  Marry,  that  am  I  and  my  Partner. 

Dog.  Nay,  that's  certain,  we  have  the  exhibition  to 
examine. 

Sexton.  But  which  are  the  offenders  that  are  to  be 
examin'd  ?  let  them  come  before  mafter  conflable. 

To.  CI.  Yea,  marry,  let  them  come  before  me ;  what 
is  your  name,  friend  ? 

Bora.  Borachio. 

To.  CI.  Pray,  write  down,  Borachio.    Yours,  Sirrah? 

Com.  I  am  a  gentleman,  Sir,  and  my  name  is  Con- 
rade. 

To.  CI. 


4^4    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

To.  CI.  Write  down,  mafter  gentleman  Conrade% 
matters,  do  you  ferve  God? 

Both.  Yea,  Sir,  we  hope,  (ip) 

To.  CI.  Write  down,  that  they  hope  they  ferve  God  : 
and  write  God  firft  :  for  God  defend,  but  God  mould  go 
before  fuch  villains. —  Matters,  it  is  proved  already  that 
you  are  little  better  than  falfe  knaves^  and  it  will  go 
near  to  be  thought  fo  fhortlyj  how  anfwer  you  for 
your  felves  ? 

Com.  Marry j  Sir,  we  fay,  we  are  none. 

To.  CI.  A  marvellous  witty  fellow,  I  affure  you,  but 
I  will  go  about  with  him.  Come  you  hither,  firrah5 
a  word  in  your  ear,  Sir  -y  I  fay  to  you,  it  is  thought 
you  arc  both  falfe  knaves. 

Bora.  Sir,  I  fay  to  you,  we  are  none. 

To.  CI.  Wdl,  ftand  allele  >  'fore  God,  they  are  both 
in  a  tale  j  have  you  writ  down,  that  they  are  none? 

Sexton.  Mafter  town-clerk,  you  go  not  the  way  to 
examine,  you  mutt  call  the  watch  that  are  their  ac* 
cufers. 

(20)  To.  CI.  Yea,  marry,  that's  the  defteft  way,  let 

(19)  Both.  Tea,  Sir,  ine  hope. 

To.  CI.  Write  dawn,  that  they  hope,  they  ferve  God :  and  write  God 
firft:  for  God  defend,  but  God" ftrould  go  "before  fuch  Villains — ]  This 
fhort  PafTage,  which  is  truly  humourous  and  in  Character,  I  have  ad- 
ded from  the  old  Quarto.  Befides,  it  fupplies  a  Defect. :  for,  without  it, 
the  Town-  Clerk  asks  a  Queilion  of  the  Prifoners,  and  goes  on  without 
flaying  for  any  Anfwer  to  it 

(20)  To.  CI.  Tea,  marry,  that's  the  eafieft  Way,  let  the  Watch  come 
forth.]  This,  eafieft,  is  a  Sophiftication  of  our  modern  Editors,  who  were 

at  a  Lofs  to  make  out  the  corrupted  Reading  of  the  old  Copies.     The 
Quarto,  in  1600,  and  the  firft  and  fecond  Editions   in  Folio  all  concur. 
in  reading; 

Tea,  marry,  that  s  the  efteft  way,  Sec. 
A  Letter  happend  to  flip  out  at  Prefs  in  the  firft  Edition;  and  'twas 
too  hard  a  Ta*k  for  the  fublequent  Editors  to  put  it  in,  or  guefs  at  the 
Word  under  this  accideutal  Depravation.     There  is  no  Doubt,  but  the 
Author  wrote,  as  I  have  reftor'd  the  Text; 

Tea,  marry,  thafs  the  defteft  way,  &c. 
i.  c.    the  readieft,   molt  commodious   Way.     The  Word  is  pure  Saxon. 
l.e-.p  Ut,    debite,    cor.grue,    duely,  fitly.      LrebTfthCe,    opportune, 
commode,   fitly,  conveniently,  feafonably.    in  good  time,   commodioufly. 

nd.  Spelman'j  Saxon  Glois. 

the 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    46 j 

the  Watch  come  forth  j  mailers,  I  charge  you  in  the 
Prince's  name  accufe  thefe  men. 

Enter  Watchmen. 

I  Watch.  This  man  faid,  Sir,  that  Don  John  the 
Prince's  brother  was  a  villain. 

To.  CI.  Write  down,  Prince  John  a  villain;  why 
this  is  flat  perjury,  to  call  a  Prince's  brother  villain. 

Bora.  Mafter  town-clerk, • 

To.  CI.  Pray  thee,  fellow,  peace;  I  do  not  like  thy 
look,  I  promife  thee. 

Sexton.  What  heard  you  him  fay  elfe? 

z  Watch.  Marry,  that  he  had  receiv'd  a  thoufand 
ducats  of  Don  John,  for  accufing  the  lady  Hero  wrong- 
fully. 

To.  CI  Flat  burglary,  as  ever  was  committed. 

Dog.  Yea,  by  th'  mafs,   that  it  is. 

Sexton.  What  elfe,  fellow  ? 

1  Watch.  And  that  Count  Claudio  did  mean,  upon 
his  words,  to  difgrace  Hero  before  the  whole  aflem- 
bly,  and  not  marry  her. 

To.  CI.  O  villain!  thou  wilt  be  condemn'd  into  ever* 
lading  redemption  for  this. 
Sexton.  What  elfe? 

2  Watch.  This  is  all. 

Sexton.  And  this  is  more,  mailers,  than  you  can  de- 
ny. Prince  John  is  this  morning  fecretly  floll'n  a- 
way:  Hero  was  in  this  manner  accus'd,  and  in  this 
very  manner  refus'd,  and  upon  the  grief  of  this  fud- 
denly  dy'd.  Mailer  Conilable,  let  thefe  men  be  bound 
and  brought  to  Leonato;  I  will  go  before,  and  fliew 
him  their  examination.  \Exit. 

Dog.  Come,  let  them  be  opinion'd. 

(21)  Conr.  Let  them  be  in  the  hands  of  Coxcomb! 

(21)  Sexton.  Let  them  he  in  the  hands  of  Coxcomb.]  The  Generality 
of  the  Editions  place  this  Line  to  the  Sexton.  But,  why  he  mould  be 
pert  upon  his  Brother-Officers,  there  feems  no  Reafon  from  any  fuperior 
Qualifications  in  him  ;  or  any  Sufpicion  he  (hews  of  knowing  their  Ig- 
norance. The  old  Quarto  gave  me  the  firft  Umbrage  for  placing  it  to 
Conrade;  and  common  Senfe  vouches  that  it  ought  to  come  from  one  of 
the  Prifonen,  in  Con;empt  of  the  defpicable  Wretches  who  had  them  in 
Cuftrdy. 

Vol.  I.  H  k  Dog. 


^gg    MuchAdo  about  Nothing. 

Dog.  God's  my  life,  where's  the  Sexton?  let  hitn 
write  down  the  Prince's  officer  Coxtwab:  come,  bind 
them,  thou  naughty  varlet.  : 

Com.  Away!  you  are  an  afs,  you  arc  an  afs.~ 
Dog.  Dofl  thou  not  fufpect  my  place?  doft  thou  not 
fufpecl:  my  years  ?  O  that  he  were  here  to  write  me  down 
an  afs !  but,  matters,  remember,  that  I  am  an  afs  j  though 
it  be  not  written  down,  yet  forget  not  that  I  am  an  afs  > 
no,  thou  villain,  thou  art  full  of  piety,  as  (hall  be  prov'd 
upon  thee  by  good  witnefs ;  I  am  a  wife  fellow,  and 
which  is  more,  an  officer ;  and  which  is  more,  an  houf- 
holder ;  and  which  is  more,  as  pretty  a  piece  of  flefh  as 
any  in  MeJJina^  and  one  that  knows  the  law ;  go  to, 
and  a  rich  fellow  enough  j  go  to,  and  a  fellow  that  hath 
had  lofles  5  and  one  that  hath  two  gowns,  and  every 
thing  handfome  about  him  5  bring  him  away ;  O  that  I 
had  been  writ  down  an  afs!——  \Exeunt* 


ACT      V. 

SCENE,   before  Leonato'*  Houfe. 

Enter  Leonato  and  Antonio. 

Antonio. 

F  you  go  on  thus,  you  will  kill  yourfelf  j 
And  'tis  not  wifdom  thus  to  fecond  grief 
Againft  your  felf. 
Leon.  I  pray  thee,  ceafe  thy  counfel, 
Which  falls  into  mine  ears  as  profitlefs 
As  water  in  a  fieve>  give  not  me  counfel, 
Nor  let  no  Comforter  delight  mine  ear, 
But  fuch  a  one  whofe  wrongs  do  fuite  with  mine. 
Bring  me  a  father,  that  fo  lov'd  his  child, 
Whofe  joy  of  her  is  overwhelm'd  like  mine, 
And  bid  him  fpeak  of  patience  j 

Mcafurc 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    467 

Meafure  his  woe  the  length  and  breadth  of  mine, 

And  let  it  anfwer  every  ftrain  for  ftrain : 

As  thus  for  thus,  and  fuch  a  grief  for  fuch, 

In  every  lineament,  branch,  lhape  and  form ; 

If  fuch  a  one  will  fmile  and  ftrokc  his  beard,  (n) 

And  Sorrow  wage>  cry,  hem!  when  he  fliould  groans 

Patch  grief  with  proverbs  j  make  misfortune  drunk 

With  candle- wallers  i>  bring  him  yet  to  me, 

And  I  of  him  will  gather  patience. 

But  there  is  no  fuch  man  3  for,  brother,  men 

Can  counfel,  and  give  comfort  to  that  grief 

Which  they  themfelves  not  feel  5  but  tailing  it, 

Their  counfel  turns  to  paffion,  which  before 

Would  give  preceptial  medicine  to  ragej 

Fetter  ftrong  madnefs  in  a  lilken  thread, 

Charm  ach  with  air,  and  agony  with  words. 

No,  no  j  'tis  all  mens  office  to  fpeak  patience  (^3) 

To 

(22)  If  fuch  a  One  will  fmile,  and  ftroke  his  Beard, 

And  hallow,  wag,  cry  hem,  when  he  fhould  groan,"]  Mr.  Rowe 
is  the  firft  Authority  that  I  can  find  for  this  Reading.  But  what  is  the 
Intention,  or  how  are  we  to  expound  it  ?  "  If  a  Man  will  halloo,  and 
"  whoop,  and  fidget,  and  wriggle  about,  to  fhew  a  Pleafure  when  He 
"  fhould  groan,  "  6f  c.  This  does  not  give  much  Decorum  to  the  Senti- 
ment.    The  old  Quarto,  and  the  lit  and  2d  Folio  Editions  all  read, 

And  forrow,  wagge,    cry  hem,  &c. 
We  don't,  indeed,  get  much  by  this  Reading  j  tho',  I  flatter  my  {elf, 
by  a  flight  Alteration  it  has  led  me  to  the  true  one, 

And  Sorrow  wage  ;  cry,  hem  !  when  he  Jhauld groan  ; 
i.  e*  If  fuch  a  One  will  combat  with,  ft  rive  againft  Sorrow,  &c.    Nor  is 
this  Word  infrequent  with  our  Author  in  thefe  Significations. 
So,  in  his  Lear; 

To  wage ;  againft  the  Enmity  d'th'  Air,  .  • 

Neceffitys  ftrong  Pinch. 
So,  in  Othello; 

Neglefting  an  Attempt  of  Eafe  and  Gaint 

To  wake  and  wage  a  Danger  profitlefs. 
And  in  the  ill  Henr.  IV. 

/  fear  the  Pow'r  of  Percy  is  too  weak 

To  wage  an  infant  Tryal  with  the  King, 

(23)  No,  no;  'tis  all  Men  s  Office  to  fpeak  Patience 
To  thofe,  that  wring  under  the  Load  of  Sorrow  i 
But  no  Man's  Virtue,  nor  Sufficiency, 

To  be  fo  moral,  when  he  Jhall  endure 

The  like  himfelf]  Patience  under  Misfortunes  eafier  adviVd* 
than  maintain'd,   is  one  of  the  Topics  of  Shakefpeare,  for  which,  Mr. 

H  h  2  Gildm 


4&8     Much  Ado  about  Nothing, 

To  thofe,  that  wring  under  the  load  of  forrow ; 

But  no  man's  virtue,  nor  fufftciency, 

To  be  fo  moral,  when  he  {hall  endure 

The  like  himfelf;  therefore  give  me  no  counfel  \ 

My  griefs  cry  louder  than  advertifement. 

Ant.  Therein  do  men  from  children  nothing  differ. 

Leon.  I  pray  thee,  peace;  I  will  be  fleih  and  blood 5 
For  there  was  never  yet  philofopher, 
That  could  endure  the  tooth-ach  patiently^ 
However  they  have  writ  the  ftyle  of  Gods, 
And  made  a  pifh  at  chance  and  fufferance. 

Ant.  Yet  bend  not  all  the  harm  upon  your  felf : 
Make  thofe,  that  do  offend  you,  fuffer  too. 

Leon*  There  thou  fpeak'ft  reafon;  nay,  I  will  do  fo. 
My  foul  doth  tell  me,  Hero  is  bely'd  3 
And  that  {hall  Claudio  know,  fo  {hall  the  Prince  5 
And  all  of  them,  that  thus  difhonour  her. 

Enter  Don  Pedro,  and  Claudio. 

Ant.  Here  Comes  the  Prince  and  Claudio  haflily. 

Pedro.  Good  den,  good  den. 

Claud.  Good  day  to  both  of  you. 

Leon.  Hear  you,  my  lords  ? 

Pedro.  We  have  fome  hafte,  Leonato. 

Gildon  told  us,  he  had  met  with  no  Parallels  among  the  Antients:  And 
Tiiis  Observation  is  particularly  directed  to  the  Panage  now  before  Us. 
A  Man  of  fo  much  Reading  mull  certainly  be  betray'd  by  his  Memory 
in  this  Point:  For  I  have  long  ago  obferv'd  no  lefs  than  five  Paflages, 
all  which  feem  to  be  a  very  reafonable  Foundation  for  our  Author's  Sen- 
timents on  this  Subject. 

Facile  omnes,  quum  valemus,  reEla  Conjilia  agrotii  damns'* 

Tuji  bic  Jts,  a  liter  fentias.  Ttrtnt. 

Tl£sijjoif]cL$.  jfcfchyl. 

*  Akkm  Trovxv}t  p&cPiov  <&tyivi<reu 

v£r/!,  TOiiitraj  J^  ojjtov  xyj  pdfior.  PbiUm. 

*ATdLi]i4  \tT/Mi  &S  TO    VX$IT&V   <TC$Ut 

'Avto}  ^  Aua{livov]ii  i  yivclffKo/jfy.  Eurip. 

'PZm  (&xJ';v*'j  n  ttaSofIcl  x*fl*p£p*  Idem. 

Leon. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    469 

Leon.  Some  hafte,  my  lord !  well,  fare  you  well,  my  lord- 
Are  you  fo  hafty  now  ?  well,  all  is  one. 

Pedro.  Nay,  do  not  quarrel  with  us,  good  old  man. 

Ant.  If  he  could  right  himfelf  with  quarrelling, 
Some  of  us  would  lye  low. 

Claud.  Who  wrongs  him  ? 

Leon.  Marry,  thou  doft  wrong  me,  thou  diffembler, 
thou! 
Nay,  never  lay  thy  hand  upon  thy  fword, 
I  fear  thee  not. 

Claud.  Marry,  befhrew  my  hand, 
If  it  mould  give  your  age  fuch  caufe  of  fear 5 
In  faith,  my  hand  meant  nothing  to  my  fword. 

Leon.  Tufh,  turn,  man,  never  fleer  and  jeft  at  me  5 
I  fpeak  not  like  a  dotard  nor  a  fool ; 
As,  under  privilege  of  age,  to  brag 
What  I  have  done  being  young,  or  what  would  do, 
Were  I  not  old :  know,  Claudio,  to  thy  head, 
Thou  haft  fo  wrong'd  my  innocent  child  and  me, 
That  I  am  forc'd  to  lay  my  reverence  by  5, 
And,  with  grey  hairs,  and  bruife  of  many  days, 
Do  challenge  thee  to  tryal  of  a  man  % 
I  fay,  thou  haft  bely'd  mine  innocent  child, 
Thy  flander  hath  gone  through  and  through  her  heart, 
And  me  lyes  bury'd  with  her  anceftors, 
O,  in  a  tomb  where  never  fcandal  flept,, 
Save  this  of  hers,  fram'd  by  thy  villany ! 

Claud.  My  villany  ? 

Leon.  Thine,  Claudio  \  thine,  I  fay. 

Pedro.  You  fay  not  right,  old  man. 

Leon.  My  lord,  my  lord, 
I'll  prove  it  on  his  body,  if  he  dare  $ 
Defpight  his  nice  fence  and  his  active  practice, 
His  May  of  youth,  and  bloom  of  luftyhood. 

Claud.  Away,  I  will  not  have  to  do  with  you. 

(24)  Leon.  Canft  thou  fo  daffe  me?  thou  haft  kill'd 
my  child  s 

H  h  5  If 

(24)  Caxjf  Thou  fo  daffe  me  ? — ]  This  is  a  Country  Word,  Mr.  Pope 
tells  us,  fignifying,  daunt.     It  may  be  fo  1  but  that  is  not  tke  Expofition 

here; 


470    Much  Ado  about  Nothing* 

If  thou  kill'ft  me,  boy,  thou  fhalt  kill  a  man. 

Ant.  He  mall  kill  two  of  us,  and  men  indeed  j 
But  that's  no  matter,  let  him  kill  one  firft  j 
Win  me  and  wear  me,  let  him  anfwer  me ; 
Come,  follow  me,  boy;  come,  boy,  follow  me$ 
Sir  boy,  I'll  whip  you  from  your  foining  fence  j 
Nay,  as  I  am  a  gentleman,  I  will. 

Leon.  Brother, 

Ant.  Content  your  felfj   God  knows,  I  lov'd  my 
Niece  j 
And  fhe  is  dead,  flander'd  to  death  by  villains, 
That  dare  as  well  anfwer  a  man,  indeed, 
As  I  dare  take  a  ferpent  by  the  tongue. 
Boys,  apes,  braggarts,  jacks,  milklbps! 

Leon.  Brother  Anthony  ^^ - 

Ant.  Hold  you  content  $  what,  man?  I  know  them, 
yea, 
And  what  they  weigh,  even  to  the  utmoft  fcruple; 
Scambling,  out-facing,  fafhion-mongring  boys, 
That  lye,  and  cog,  and  flout,  deprave  and  (lander, 
Go  antickly,  and  fhow  an  outward  hideoufnefs, 
And  fpeak  off  half  a  dozen  dangerous  words,  (2f) 
How  they  might  hurt  their  enemies,  if  they  durft ; 
And  this  is  all. 

Leon.  But,  brother  Anthony, - 

Ant.  Come,  'tis  no  matters 

here :  To  daffe,  and  doffe  are  fynonomous  Terms,  that  mean,  to  put  off: 
which  is  the  very  Senfe  requir'd  here,  and  what  Leonato  v/ould  reply, 
upon  Glaudios  faying,  He  would  have  nothing  to  do  with  Jtim.  So 
Uotfpur,  in  the  I  Henr.  IV, 

■ Where  is  his  Son, 

^he  nimble-footed,  mad- cap,  Prince  of  Wales, 

And  his  Comrades,  that  daft  the  World  ajide, 

And  bid  it,  pafs  .?■■■■  ■      ■■« 
a.  e.   put  it  afide ;  neglected  all  Confiderations  of  the  World.     Doffe  is 
(oo  perpetual  in  our  Author,  to  need  any  Quotations  in  Proof  of  it. 

(25)  And  fpeak  of  half  a  dozen  dangerous  Words,]  Thefe  Editors  are 
Perfons  of  unmatchable  Indolence,  that  can't  afford  to  add  a  fingle  Let- 
ter to  retrieve  common  Senfe.  To  fpeak  off,  as  I  have  reform'd  the  Text, 
is  to  throw  out  boldly,  with  an  Oilentation  of  Bravery,  &c.  So  in 
^nuelfth-night ; 

A  terrible  Oath,  with  a  fwaggering  Accent  Jharply.  twang'd  off: 

Da 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    47  i 

Do  not  you  meddle,  let  me  deal  m  this. 

Pedro.  Gentlemen  both,  we  will  not  wake  your  pa- 
tience. 
My  heart  is  forry  for  your  daughter's  death  -, 
But,  on  my  Honour,  fhe  was  charg'd  with  nothing 
But  what  was  true,  and  very  full  of  proof. 

Leon.  My  lord,  my  lord 

Pedro.  I  will  not  hear  you. 

Leon.  No!  come,  brother,  away,  I  will  be  heard. 

Ant.  And  fhall,  or  fome  of  us  will  fmart  for  it. 

\Exe.  amb&. 
Enter  Benedick. 

Pedro.  See,  fee,Jiere  comes  the  man  we  went  to  feek. 

Claud.  Now,  Signior,  what  news  ? 

Bene.  Good  day,  my  lord. 

Pedro.  Welcome,  Signior 5  you  are  almoft  come  to 
part  almoft  a  fray. 

Claud.  We  had  like  to  have  had  our  two  nofes 
fnapt  off  with  two  old  men  without  teeth. 

Pedro.  Leonato  and  his  brother;  what  think'ft  thou? 
had  we  fought,  I  doubt,  we  fhould  have  been  too 
young  for  them. 

Bene.  In  a  falfe  quarrel  there  is  no  true  valour:  I 
came  to  feek  you  both. 

Claud.  We  have  been  up  and  down  to  feek  thee;  for 
we  are  high- proof  melancholly,  and  would  fain  have  it 
beaten  away :  wilt  thou  ufe  thy  wit  ? 

Bene.  It  is  in  my  fcabbard;  fhall  I  draw  it? 

Pedro.  Doft  thou  wear  thy  wit  by  thy  fide? 

Claud.  Never  any  did  fo,  though  very  many  have 
been  befide  their  wit.  I  will  bid  thee  draw,  as  we  do 
the  minftrels;  draw,  to  pleafure  us. 

Pedro.  As  I  am  an  honeft  man,  he  looks  pale:  art 
thou  fick  or  angry  ? 

Claud.  What!  courage,  man:  what  tho' care  killM 
a  cat,  thou  haft  mettle  enough  in  thee  to  kill  care. 

Bene.  Sir,  I  fhall  meet  your  wit  in  the  career,  if 
you  charge  it  againft  me. —  I  pray  you,  chufe  another 
fubjecT:. 

H  h  4  Claud. 


47*    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Claud.  Nay,  then  give  him  another  ftaff$  this  laft 
was  broke  crofs. 

Pedro*  By  this  light,  he  changes  more  and  more: 
I  think,  he  be  angry,  indeed. 

Claud.  If  he  be,  he  knows  how  to  turn  his  girdle. 

Bene.  Shall  I  fpeak  a  word  in  your  ear? 

Claud.  God  blefs  me  from  a  challenge ! 

Bene.  You  are  a  villain  j  I  jeft  not.  I  will  make  it 
good  how  you  dare,  with  what  you  dare,  and  when 
you  dare.  Do  me  right,  or  I  will  proteft  your  cowar- 
dife.  You  have  kilFd  a  fweet  lady,  and  her  death 
fhall  fall  heavy  on  you.     Let  me  hear  from  you. 

Claud*  Well,  I  will  meet  you,  fo  I  may  have  good 
cheer. 

Pedro.  What,  afeaft? 

Claud.  V  faith,  I  thank  him ;  he  hath  bid  me  to  a 
calves-head  and  a  capon,  the  which  if  I  do  not  carve 
nioft  curioufly,  fay,  my  knife's  naught.  Shall  I  not 
find  a  woodcock  too? 

Bene,  Sir,  your  wit  ambles  well  $  it  goes  eafily. 

Pedro.  I'll  tell  thee,  how  Beatrice  prais'd  thy  wit  the 
other  day  :  I  faid,  thou  hadil  a  fine  wit  j  right,  fays  fhe, 
a  fine  little  one  j  no,  faid  I,  a  great  wit  5  juft,  faid  fhe, 
a  great  grofs  one-,  nay,  faid  I,  a  good  wit 5  juft,  faid 
fhe,  it  hurts  no  body  -,  nay,  faid  I,  the  gentleman  is 
wife  5  certain^  faid  (he,  a  wife  gentleman  -,  nay,  faid 
I,  he  hath  the  tongues  -y  that  I  believe,  faid  fhe,  for 
he  fwore  a  thing  to  me  on  Monday  night,  which  he 
forfwore  on  Tuefday  mornings  there's  a  double  tongue, 
there's  two  tongues.  Thus  <iid  ihe  an  hour  together 
tranf-fhape  thy  particular  virtues  *  yet,  at  laft,  fhe  conT 
eluded  with  a  figh,  thou  waft  the  propereft  man  in 
Italy. 

Claud.  For  the  which  fhe  wept  heartily,  and  faid 
fhe  car'd  not. 

Pedro.  Yea,  that  fhe  did  •,  but  yet  for  all  that,  and 
if  fhe  did  not  hate  him  deadly,  fhe  would  love  him 
dearly  5  the  old  man's  daughter  told  us  all. 

Claud.  All,  all  j  and  moreover,  God  jaw  him  %ben  fa 
was  hid  in  the  garden. 

Pedro. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    47 j 

Pedro.  But  when  mall  we  fet  the  falvage  bull's  horns 
on  the  fen  Able  Benedick's  head  ? 

Claud.  Yea,  and  text  underneath,  Here  dwells  Be- 
nedick the  married  man. 

Bene.  Fare  you  well,  boy,  you  know  my  mind ;  I 
will  leave  you  now  to  your  goflip-like  humour  5  you 
break  jefls  as  braggarts  do  their  blades,  which,  God  be 
thank'd,  hurt  not.  My  lord,  for  your  many  courtefies 
I  thank  you  5  I  muft  difcontinue  your  company  5  your 
brother  the  baftard  is  fled  from  MeJJina;  you  have  a- 
mong  you  killed  a  fweet  and  innocent  lady.  For  my 
lord  lack-beard  there,  he  and  I  fhall  meet;  and  'till 
then,  peace  be  with  him.  [_Exit  Benedick. 

Pedro.  He  is  in  earned. 

Claud.  In  moft  profound  earned:,  and,  I'll  warrant 
you,  for  the  love  of  Beatrice. 

Pedro.  And  hath  challeng'd  thee? 

Claud.  Moil  fincerely. 

Pedro.  What  a  pretty  thing  man  is,  when  he  goes 
in  his  doublet  and  hofe,  and  leaves  off  his  wit ! 

Enter  Dogberry,  Verges,   Conrade  and  Borachio 

guarded. 

Claud.  He  is  then  a  giant  to  an  ape  5  but  then  is  an 
ape  a  doctor  to  fuch  a  man. 

Pedro.  But,  foft  you,  let  me  fee,  pluck  up  my  heart 
and  be  fad;  did  he  not  fay,  my  brother  was  fled? 

Dogb.  Come  you,  Sir,  if  juftice  cannot  tame  you, 
fhe  fhall  ne'er  weigh  more  reafons  in  her  balance  *  nay, 
an  you  be  a  curling  hypocrite  once,  you  muft  be 
look'd  to. 

Pedro.  How  now,  two  of  my  brother's  men  bound? 
Borachio)  one  ? 

Claud.  Hearken  after  their  offence,   my  lord. 

Pedro.  Officers,  what  offence  have  thefe  men  done? 

Dogb.  Marry,  Sir,  they  have  committed  falfe  report; 
moreover,  they  have  fpoken  untruths  5  fecondarily, 
they  are  {landers ;  fixth  and  laftly,  they  have  bely'd  a 
lady;  thirdly,  they  have  verify'd  unjuft  things;  and 
to  conclude,  they  are  lying  knaves. 

Pedro. 


474   Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Pedro,  Firft,  I  ask  thee  what  they  have  done  j  third- 
ly, I  ask  thee  what's  their  offence*  fixth  and  laftly, 
why  they  are  committed  $  and  to  conclude,  what  you 
lay  to  their  charge? 

Claud,  Rightly  reafon'd,  and  in  his  own  divifion; 
and,  by  my  troth,  there's  one  meaning  well  fuited. 

Pedro.  Whom  have  you  offended,  mailers,  that  you 
are  thus  bound  to  your  anfwer  ?  This  learned  confta- 
ble  is  too  cunning  to  be  underftood.  What's  your  of- 
fence ? 

Bora,  Sweet  Prince,  let  me  go  no  further  to  mine 
anfwer :  do  you  hear  me,  and  let  this  Count  kill  me : 
1  have  deceiv'd  even  your  very  eyes  5  what  your  wif- 
doms  could  not  difcover,  thefe  mallow  fools  have 
brought  to  light,  who  in  the  night  overheard  me  con- 
fefling  to  this  man,  how  Don  John  your  brother  in- 
cens'd  me  to  flander  the  lady  Hero\  how  you  were 
brought  into  the  orchard,  and  faw  me  court  Margaret 
in  Hero's  garments ;  how  you  difgrae'd  her,  when  you 
fhould  marry  her*  my  villany  they  have  upon  record, 
which  I  had  rather  feal  with  my  death,  than  repeat 
over  to  my  fhame;  the  Lady  is  dead  upon  mine  and 
my  matter's  falfe  accufation  5  and  briefly,  I  defire  no- 
thing but  the  reward  of  a  villain. 

Pedro.  Runs  not  this  fpeech  like  iron  through  your 
blood? 

Claud.  I  have  drunk  poifon,  while  he  utter'd  it. 

Pedro.  But  did  my  brother  fet  thee  on  to  this  ? 

Bora.  Yea,  and  paid  me  richly  for  the  practice  of  it* 

Pedro.  He  is  compos'd  and  fram'd  of  treachery; 
And  fled  he  is  upon  this  villany. 

Claud.  Sweet  Hero!  now  thy  image  doth  appear 
In  the  rare  femblance  that  1  lov'd  it  firft. 

Dogb.  Come,  bring  away  the  plaintiffs  -,  by  this  time 
our  Sexton  hath  reform'd  Signior  Leonato  of  the  mat- 
ter -,  and  mailers,  do  not  forget  to  fpecifie,  when  time 
and  place  fliall  ferve,  that  I  am  an  afs. 

Verg.  Here,  here  comes  mailer  Signior  Leonato^  and 
the  Sexton  too. 

Enter 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    475 

Enter  Leonato,  and  Sexton. 

Leon.  Which  is  the  villain?  let  me  fee  his  eyes> 
That  when  I  note  another  man  like  him, 
I  may  avoid  him ;  which  of  thefe  is  he? 

Bora.  If  you  would  know  your  wronger,  look  on  me. 

Leon.  Art  thou,  art  thou  the  flave,   that  with  thy 
breath 
Has  kill'd  mine  innocent  child? 

Bora.  Yea,  even  I  alone. 

Leon.  No,  not  fo,  villain  5  thou  bely'ft  thy  felf 5 
Here  ftand  a  pair  of  honourable  men, 
A  third  is  fled,  that  had  a  hand  in  it  : 
I  thank  you,  Princes,  for  my  daughter's  death  5 
Record  it  with  your  high  and  worthy  deeds  > 
'Twas  bravely  done,  if  you  bethink  you  of  it. 

Claud.  I  know  not  how  to  pray  your  patience, 
Yet  I  muft  fpeak :  chufe  your  revenge  your  felf, 
Impofe  me  to  what  penance  your  invention 
Can  lay  upon  my  fin*  yet  finn'd  I  not, 
But  in  miftaking. 

Pedro.  By  my  foul,  nor  I; 
And  yet  to  fatisfie  this  good  old  man, 
I  would  bend  under  any  heavy  weight,' 
That  he'll  enjoyn  me  to. 

Leon.  You  cannot  bid  my  daughter  live  again, 
That  were  impoffible>  but,  I  pray  you  both, 
Poffefs  the  People  in  Mejjina  here 
How  innocent  fhe  dy'd  >  and  if  your  love 
Can  labour  ought  in  fad  invention, 
Hang  her  an  Epitaph  upon  her  tomb, 
And  fing  it  to  her  bones,  fing  it  to  night  : 
To  morrow  morning  come  you  to  my  houfe, 
And  fince  you  could  not  be  my  fon-in-law, 
Be  yet  my  nephew  j  my  brother  hath  a  daughter, 
Almoft  the  copy  of  my  child  that's  dead, 
And  {he  alone  is  heir  to  both  of  us  5 
Give  her  the  Right  you  fhould  have  given  her  Coufin, 
And  fo  dies  my  revenge, 

Claud. 


47^     Much  Ado  about  Nothing.' 

Claud,  O  noble  Sir! 
Your  over-kindnefs  doth  wring  tears  from  me  : 
I  do  embrace  your  offer  5  and  difpofe 
Foi*  henceforth  of  poor  Ql  audio. 

Leon.  To  morrow  then  I  will  expect  your  Coming, 
To  night  I  take  my  leave.     This  naughty  man 
Shall  face  to  face  be  brought  to  Margaret, 
Who,  I  believe,  was  pack'd  in  all  this  wrong, 
Hir'd  to  it  by  your  brother. 

Bora.  No,  by  my  foul,  Hie  was  not  t 
Nor  knew  not  what  fhe  did,  when  (he  fpoke  to  mc. 
But  always  hath  been  juft  and  virtuous, 
In  any  thing  that  I  do  know  by  her. 

Dogb.  Moreover,  Sir,  which  indeed  is  not  under 
white  and  black,  this  -plaintiff  here,  the  offender,  did 
call  me  afs:  I  befeech  you,  let  it  be  remembred  in 
his  punifhmentj  and  alfo  (16)  the  watch  heard  them 

(26)  The  Watch  heard  them  talk  of  one  Deformed;  they  fay,  he  "wears 
a  Key  in  his  Ear,  and  a  Lock  hanging  by  it,  and  borroivs  money  in  Ged's 
Name,  &c]  There  could  not  be  a  more  agreeable  Ridicule  upon  t]ic 
Fajhion,  than  the  Conftabie's  Defcant  upon  his  own  Blunder.  One  of  the 
rnoft  fantaftical  Modes  of  that  Time  was  the  indulging  a  favourite  Lock 
of  Hair,  and  fufFering  it  to  grow  much  longer  than  all  its  Fellows; 
which  they  always  brought  before,  (as  we  do  the  Knots  of  a  Tye-Wig,) 
ty'd  with  Ribbands  or  Jewels.  King  Charles  the  ift  wore  One  of  thefe 
favourite  Locks,  as  his  Hiitorians  take  Notice,  and  as  his  Pictures  by 
Vandike  prove :  And  whoever  has  been  converfant  with  the  Faces  of  that 
Painter,  mull  have  obferv'd  a  great  many  drawn  in  that  Faftiion.  In 
Lord  Clarendo  n's-  Hiftory  compleated,  {a  Book  in  Oclavo)  being  a 
Collection  of  Heads  engraved  from  the  Paintings  of  Vandike,  we  may  fee 
this  Mode  in  the  Prints  of  the  Duke  of  Buckingham,  Earl  of  Dorfet, 

Lord  Goring,  &c.  all  great  Courtiers. As  to  the  Key  in  the  Ear,  and 

the  Lock  hanging  by  it,  there  may  be  a  Joak  in  the  Ambiguity  of  the 
Terms.  But  whether  we  think,  that  Shakefpeare  meant  to,  ridicule  the 
Fajhion  in  the  abstracted  Senfe ;  or  whether  he  fneer'd  at  the  Courtiers, 
the  Parents  of  it,  we  mall  rind  the  Pefcription  equally  fatirical.  The 
Key  in  the  Ear  might  be  fuppos'd  literally:  For  they  wore  Rings,  Lock- 
ets, and  Ribbands  in  a  Hole  made  in  the  Ear ;  and  fometimes,  Rings 
one  within  another:  But  it  might  be  likewife  allegorically  underftood, 
to  fignify,  the  great  Readinefs  the  Courtiers  had  in  giving  Ear  to,  or 
going  into  new  Follies  or  Fafhions.  As  for  borrowing  Money  and  never 
payings  That  is  an  old  Common  Place  againft  the  Court  and  Followers 
of  Faxons. 

Mr.  Warburton. 

talk 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.     477 

talk  of  one  Deformed:  they  fay,  he  wears  a  key  in  his 
ear,  and  a  lock  hanging  by  it  j  and  borrows  money  in 
God's  name,  the  which  he  hath  us'd  fo  long,  and  never 
paid,  that  now  men  grow  hard-hearted,  and  will  lend 
nothing  for  God's  fake.  Pray  you,  examine  him  upon 
that  point. 

Leon.  I  thank  thee  for  thy  care  and  honefl;  pains. 

Dogb.  Your  Worfhip  fpeaks  like  a  moft  thankful  and 
reverend  youth}  and  I  praife  God  for  you. 

Leon.  There's  for  thy  pains. 

Dogb.  God  fave  the  foundation! 

Leon.  Go,  I  difcharge  thee  of  thy  prifonerj  and  I 
thank  thee. 

Dogb.  I  leave  an  errant  knave  with  your  Worfhip, 
which,  I  befeech  your  Worfhip,  to  correct  your  felf, 
for  the  example  of  others.  God  keep  your  Worfhip  $ 
I  wifh  your  Worfhip  well:  God  reftore  you  to  health  $ 
I  humbly  give  you  leave  to  depart  $  and  if  a  merry 
meeting  may  be  wiih'd,  God  prohibit  it.  Come,  neigh- 
bour. [_Exeunt. 

Leon.  Until  to  morrow  morning,  Lords,  farewel. 

Ant.  Farewel,  my  Lords \  we  look  for  you  to  morrow. 

Pedro.  We  will  not  fail. 

Claud.  To  night  I'll  mourn  with  Hero. 

Leon.  Bring  you  thefe  fellows  on,  we'll  talk  with> 
Margaret^ 
How  her  acquaintance  grew  with  this  lewd  fellow. 

\Exeunt  fever  ally. 

SCENE  changes  to  LeonatoV  Houfi. 

Enter  Benedick,  and  Margaret. 

ta.pRAY  thee,  fweet  miftrefs  Margaret  ^  deferve 
JL  well  at  my  hands,  by  helping  me  to  the 
fpeech  of  Beatrice. 

Marg.  Will  you  then  write  me  a  fonnet  in  praife  of 
my  beauty  ? 

Bene.  In  To  high  a  ftyle,  Margaret,  that  no  man  liv- 
ing mall  come  over  it*  for,  in  moft  comely  truth,  thou 
deferveft  it.  Marg . 


478    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

(17)  Marg.  To  have  no  Man  come  over  me  ?  why, 
ihall  I  always  keep  above  flairs  ? 

Bene.  Thy  wit  is  as  quick  as  the  greyhound's  mouth, 
it  catches. 

Marg.  And  yours  as  blunt  as  the  fencer's  foils,  which 
hit,  but  hurt  not. 

Bene.  A  moft  manly  wit,  Margaret,  it  will  not  hurt 
a  woman  5  and  fo,  I  pray  thee,  call  Beatrice  -,  I  give 
thee  the  bucklers. 

Marg.  Give  us  the  fwordsj  we  have  bucklers  of 
our  own. 

Bene.  If  you  ufe  them,  Margaret^  you  muft  put  in 
the  pikes  with  a  vice,  and  they  are  dangerous  weapons 
for  maids. 

Marg.  Well,  I  will  call  Beatrice  to  you,  who,  I  think, 
hath  legs.  {Exit  Margaret. 

Bene.  And  therefore  will  come.  {Sings."]  the  God  of 
love^  that  Jits  above^  and  knows  me,  and  knows  me9  how 
pitiful  I  deferve, —  I  mean,  in  finging  •,  but  in  loving, 
Leander  the  good  fwimmer,  Troilus  the  firft  employer 
of  pandars,  and  a  whole  book  full  of  thefe  quondam 
carpet-mongers,  whofe  names  yet  run  fmoothly  in  the 
even  road  of  a  blank  verfe  5  why,  they  were  never  fo 
truly  turn'd  over  and  over,  as  my  poor  felf  in  love; 
marry,  I  cannot  fhew  it  in  rhimej  I  have  try'd;  I  can 
find  out  no  rhime  to  lady  but  baby^  an  innocent's 
rhimej  for  fcorn^  horn^  a  hard  rhime  *  for  fchool,  fool9 
a  babling  rhimej  very  ominous  endings;  no,  I  was 
not  born  under  a  rhiming  planet,  for  I  cannot  woo 
in  feftival  terms. 

Enter  Beatrice. 
Sweet  Beatrice,  Would'ft  thou  come  when  I  call  thee? 

(27)  To  have  no  Man  come  over  me  f  <why,  Jball  I  always  keep  below 
Stairs ?"]  Thus  all  the  printed  Copies,  but,  fure,  erroneoufly  ;  for  all  the 
Jelt,  that  can  lie  in  the  Paflage,  ii  deftroy'd  by  it.  Any  Man  might 
come  over  her,  literally  fpeaking,  if  ftie  always  kept  below  Stairs* 
By  the  Correction  I  have  ventur'd  to  make,  Margaret ,  as  I  prefume, 
muft  mean,  What !  (hall  I  always  keep  ahve  Stairs  ?  i.  e.  Shall  I  for 
ever  continue  a  Chambermaid  ? 

Beat. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    479 

Beat.  Yea,  Signior,  and  depart  when  you  bid  me. 

Bene.  O,  ftaybut  'till  then. 

Beat.  Then,  is  fpoken  j  fare  you  well  now ;  and  yet 
ere  I  go,  let  me  go  with  that  I  came  for,  which  is, 
with  knowing  what  hath  paft  between  you  and  Claudio. 

Bene.  Only  foul  words,  and  thereupon  I  will  kifs 
thee. 

Beat.  Foul  words  are  but  foul  wind,  and  foul  wind 
is  but  foul  breath,  and  foul  breath  is  noifomej  there- 
fore I  will  depart  unkift. 

Bene.  Thou  haft  frighted  the  word  out  of  its  right 
fenfe,  fo  forcible  is  thy  wit}  but,  I  muft  tell  thee 
plainly,  Claudio  undergoes  my  challenge}  and  either 
I  muft  ihortly  hear  from  him,  or  I  will  fubferibe  him 
a  coward  $  and,  I  pray  thee,  now  tell  me,  for  which 
of  my  bad  parts  didft  thou  firft  fall  in  love  with  me? 

Beat.  For  them  all  together,  which  maintain'd  fo 
politick  a  ftate  of  evil,  that  they  will  not  admit  any 
good  part  to  intermingle  with  them :  but  for  which 
of  my  good  parts  did  you  firft  fuffer  love  for  me  ? 

Bene.  Suffer  love !  a  good  epithet }  I  do  fuffer  love, 
indeed,  for  I  love  thee  againft  my  will. 

Beat.  In  fpight  of  your  heart,  I  think  5  alas !  poor 
heart,  if  you  fpight  it  for  my  fake,  I  will  fpight  it 
for  yours  5  for  I  will  never  love  that,  which  my  friend 
hates. 

Bene.  Thou  and  I  are  too  wife  to  woo  peaceably. 

Beat.  It  appears  not  in  this  confeflion}  there's  not 
one  wife  man  among  twenty  that  will  praife  himfelf. 

Bene.  An  old,  an  old  inftance,  Beatrice^  that  liv'd 
in  the  time  of  good  neighbours  j  if  a  man  do  not  erec"fc 
in  this  age  his  own  tomb  ere  he  dies,  he  fhall  live 
ho  longer  in  monuments,  than  the  bells  ring,  and  the 
widow  weeps. 

Beat.  And  how  long  is  that,  think  you? 

Bene.  Queftion? —  why,  an  hour  in  clamour,  and  a 
quarter  in  rhewm}  therefore  it  is  moft  expedient  for 
the  wife,  if  Don  worm  (his  confeience)  find  no  im- 
pediment to  the  contrary,  to  be  the  trumpet,  of  his 
own  virtues,  as  I  am  to  my  felfj  fo  much  for  praif- 

ing 


480    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

ing  my  felfj  who,  I  my  felf  will  bear  witnefs,  is  praife- 
worthy  5  and  now  tell  me,  how  doth  your  Couiin? 

Beat.  Very  ill. 

Bene.  And  how  do  you  ? 

Beat.  Very  ill  too. 

Bene.  Serve  God,  love  me,  and  mend  >  there  will  I 
leave  you  too,  for  here  comes  one  in  hafle. 

Enter  Urfula. 

JJrfu.  Madam,  you  muft  come  to  your  uncle ;  yon* 
der's  old  coil  at  home ;  it  is  proved,  my  lady  Hero  hath 
been  falfely  accus'd  5  the  Prince  and  Claudio  mightily 
abus'dj  an'd  Don  John  is  the  author  of  all,  who  is 
fled  and  gone :  will  you  come  prefently  ? 

Beat.  Will  you  go  hear  this  news,  Signior? 

Bene.  I  will  live  in  thy  eyes,  die  in  thy  lap,  and  be 
bury'd  in  thy  heart;  and  moreover  I  will  go  with 
thee  to  thy  uncle.  [Exeunt, 

SCENE  changes  to  a  Church. 

Enter  Don  Pedro,  Claudio,  and  Attendants  with  tapers. 

Claud. TS  this  the  monument  of  Leonato? 
JL     Atten.  It  is,  my  lord. 

EPITAPH. 

Done  to  death  by  Jlanderous  tongues 
Was  the  Hero,  that  here  lyes: 
Deaths  in  guerdon  of  her  wrongs^ 

Gives  her  fame  which  never  dies. 
So  the  life,  that  dy'd  with  flame. 
Lives  in  death  with  glorious  fame. 
Hang  thou  there  upon  the  tomb, 
Praijing  her  when  I  am  dumb. 

Claud.  Now  mulick  found,  and  fing  your  folemii 
hymn. 

SONG. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.   481 

SON  G. 

Pardon^  Goddefs  of  the  nighty 
Thofe  that  flew  thy  virgin  knight  ; 
For  the  which  with  fongs  of  woe, 
Round  about  her  tomb  they  go. 
Midnight^  ajflfl  our  moan\ 
Help  us  to  flgh  and  groan 

Heavily !,  heavily: 
Graves,  yawn  and  yield  your  dead, 
*Till  death  be  uttered, 

Heavily,  heavily. 

Claud.  Now  unto  thy  bones  good  night  j 
Yearly  will  I  do  this  Rite. 
Pedro.  Good  morrow,    mailers,  put  your  torches 
out, 
The  wolves  have  prey'dj  and,  look,  the  gentle 
day, 
Before  the  wheels  of  Phoebus,  round  about 

Dapples  the  drowfie  eaft  with  fpots  of  grey : 
Thanks  to  you  all,  and  leave  us ;  fare  you  well. 
Claud.  Good  morrow,  mailers  >  each  his  feveral  way. 
Pedro.  Come,  let  us  hence,  and  put  on  other  weeds ; 
And  then  to  Leonato's  we  will  go. 

Claud.  And  Hymen  now  with  luckier  ifTue  fpeed's,  (28) 
Than  this,  for  whom  we  render'd  up  this  woe!  [Exeunt* 

(28)  And  Hymen  noma  with  luckier  IJfue  fpeeds, 

Than  this,  for  nyhotn  <we  render'd  up  this  Woe\  Cl&udio  could 
Hot  know,  without  being  a  Prophet,  that  this  new- propos'd  Match  mould 
have  any  luckier  Event  than  That  defign'd  with  Hero.  Certainly, 
therefore,  this  mould' be  (a  Willi  in  Claudia;  and,  to  this  End,  the  Poet 
might  have  wrote*  Jpeects »  i.  e*  /peed  us  :  and  f©  it  becomes  a  Prayer  tQ 
Hymen. 

Dr,  Tbirlfy, 


Vol.  I.  I  i  SCENE 


4S2,     Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

SCENE  changes  to  LeonatoV  Houfe. 

Enter  Leonato,  Benedick,  Margaret,  Urfula,  Antonio* 

Friar,  and  Hero. 

Friar.  JT\ID  I  not  tell  you,  (he  was  innocent? 

JLx     Leon.  So  are  the  Prince  and  Claudio,  who 
accus'd  her, 
Upon  the  error  that  you  heard  debated. 
But  Margaret  was  in  fome  fault  for  this  5 
Although  againft  her  will,  as  it  appears, 
In  the  true  courfe  of  all  the  queftion. 

Ant.  Well  j  I  am  glad,  that  all  things  fort  fo  well. 

Bene.  And  fo  am  I,  being  elfe  by  faith  enforced 
To  call  young  Claudio  to  a  reckoning  for  it. 

Leon.  Well,  Daughter,  and  you  gentlewomen  all, 
Withdraw  into  a  chamber  by  your  felves, 
And  when  I  fend  for  you,  come  hither  mask'd: 
The  Prince  and  Claudio  promis'd  by  this  hour 
To  vifit  me  5  you  know  your  office,  brother, 
You  mull  be  father  to  your  brother's  daughter, 
And  give  her  to  young  Claudio.  [Exeunt  Ladies. 

Ant.  Which  I  will  do  with  conflrm'd  countenance. 

Bene.  Friar,  I  muft  intreat  your  pains,  I  think. 

Friar.  To  do  what,  Signior? 

Bene.  To  bind  me,  or  undo  me,  one  of  them : 
Signior  Leonato,  truth  it  is,  good  Signior, 
Your  niece  regards  me  with  an  eye  of  favour. 

Leon.  That  eye  my  daughter  lent  her,  'tis  mod  true* 

Bene.  And  I  do  with  an  eye  of  love  requite  her. 

Leon.  The  fight  whereof,  I  think,  you  had  from  me, 
From  Claudio  and  the  Prince 5  but  what's  your  will? 

Bene.  Your  anfwer,  Sir,  is  enigmatical , 
But  for  my  will,  my  will  is,  your  good  will 
May  (land  with  ours,  this  day  to  be  conjoin'd 
P  th'  (late  of  honourable  marriage  $ 
In  which,  good  Friar,  I  fhall  delire  your  help. 

Leon. 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    48} 

Leon.  My  heart  is  with  your  liking. 
Friar.  And  my  help. 

Enter  Don  Pedro  and  Claudio,  with  Attendants. 

Pedro.  Good  morrow  to  this  fair  affembly. 

Leon.  Good  morrow,  Prince ;  good  morrow,  Claudio^ 
We  here  attend  you  j  are  you  yet  determin'd 
To  day  to  marry  with  my  brother's  daughter? 

Claud.  I'll  hold  mv  mind,  were  fhe  an  Ethiope. 

Leon.  Call  her  forth,  brother,  here's  the  Friar  ready. 

[_Exit  Antonio. 

Pedro.   Good   morrow,   Benedick;   why,   what's  the 
matter, 
That  you  have  fuch  a  February-face^ 
So  full  of  froft,  of  florm  and  cloudinefs  ? 

Claud.  I  think,  he  thinks  upon  the  favage  bull : 
Turn,  fear  not,  man,  we'll  tip  thy  horns  with  gold, 
And  fo  all  Europe  fhall  rejoice  at  thee  5 
As  once  Europa  did  at  lufty  Jove9 
When  he  would  play  the  noble  bead  in  love. 

Bene.  Bull  Jove9  Sir,  had  an  amiable  low, 
And  fome  fuch  ftrange  bull  leapt  your  father's  cow  1 
And  got  a  calf,  in  that  fame  noble  feat, 
Much  like  to  you ;  for  you  have  juft  his  bleat. 

Enter  Antonio,  with  Hero,   Beatrice,   Margaret,  and 

Urfula,  masked. 

Claud.  For  this  I  owe  you  5  here  come  other  reck- 
nings. 
Which  is  the  lady  I  rnuft  feize  upon  ? 

Anto.  This  fame  is  fhe,  and  I  do  give  you  her. 
Claud.  Why,  then  fhe's   mine 5  Sweet,  let  me  fee 

your  face. 
Leon.   No,  that  you  fhall  not,  'till  you  take  her 
hand 
Before  this  Friar,  and  fwear  to  marry  her. 

\\z  Claud. 


484    Much  Ado^Nothikg. 

Claud.  Give  me  your  hand  •>  before  this  holy  Friar, 
I  am  your  husband  if  you  like  of  me. 

Here.  And  when  I  liv'd,  I  was  your  other  wife. 

[Unmasking. 
And  when  you  lov'd,  you  were  my  other  husband. 

Claud.  Another  Hero?  (zp) 

Hero.  Nothing  certainer. 
One  Hero  dy'd  defil'd,  but  I  do  live; 
And,  furely,  as  I  live,  I  am  a  maid. 

Pedro.  The  former  Hero!  Hero,  that  is  dead ! 

Leon.   She  dy'd,  my  lord,   but  whiles  her  flander 
liv'd. 

Friar.  All  this  amazement  ean  I  qualifie. 
"When,  after  that  the  holy  rites  are  ended, 
I'll  tell  thee  largely  of  fair  Hero's  death: 
Mean  time  let  wonder  feem  familiar, 
And  to  the  chappel  let  us  prefently. 

Bene.  Soft  and  fair,  friar.     Which  is  Beatrice? 

Beat.  I  anfwer  to  that  name  5  what  is  your  will  ? 

Bene.  Do  not  you  love  me  ? 

Beat.  Why,  no  5  no  more  than  reafon. 

Bene.  Why,   then  your  Uncle,    and  the  Prince,  and 
Claudio^  have  been  deceiv'dj  they  fwore,  you  did. 

Beat.  Do  not  you  love  me? 

Bene.  Troth,  no,  no  more  than  reafon. 

Beat.  Why,  then  my  Coufin,  Margaret  %  and  UrfuU% 
Have  been  deceiv'd;  for  they  did  fwear,  you  did. 

Bene.  They  fvvore,  you  were  almoft  fick  for  mc. 

Beat.  They  fwore,  you  were  well-nigh  dead  for  me. 

Bene.  'Tis  no  matter;  then  you  do  not  love  me? 

Beat.  No,  truly,  but  in  friendly  recompence. 

(29)  Claud,  Another  Vitro] 

Hero. Nothing  certainer : 

One  Hero  dyd\  hut  I  dc  /i<ve, 

And  furely  as  I  live  I  am  a  Maid.]  Befides  that  the  Iaft  Line  but 
One  wants  a  whole  Foot  in  Meafure,  it  is  as  defective  in  the  Meaning : 
For  how  are  the  Words  made  out?  One  Hero  dy'd,  and  yet  that  Hera 
lives,  but  how  is  She  then  another  Hero?  The  Supplement,  which  I  have 
reftor'd  from  the  old  Quarto,  folves  all  the  Difficulty,  and  makes  the 
jail  Line  reafonable. 

Leon* 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.   485 

Leon.  Come,  Coufin,  I  am  furc  you  love  the  gentle- 
man. 

Claud.  Hnd  I'll  be  fworn  upon't,  that  he  loves  herj 
For  here's  a  paper  written  in  his  hand, 
A  halting  fonnet  of  his  own  pure  brain, 
FaiHion'd  to  Beatrice. 

Hero.  And  here's  another, 
Writ  in  my  Coufin's  hand,  ftolen  from  her  pocket, 
Containing  her  affection  unto  Benedick. 

Bene.  A  miracle !  here's  our  own  hands  againft  our 
hearts ;  come,  I  will  have  thee  j  but,  by  this  light,  I 
take  thee  for  pity. 

(p)  Beat.  I  would  yet  deny  youj  but,  by  this  good 
day,  I  yield  upon  great  perfuafion,  and  partly  to  (ave 
your  life  \  for  as  I  was  told,  you  were  in  a  confump- 
tion. 

(jl)  Bene.  Peace,  I  will  flop  your  mouth. - 

[KiJJing  her. 

Pedro. 

(30)  I  would  not  deny  you,  hut  by  this  good  day  I  yield  upon  great 
ferfuafion,  &c  J  Is  not  this  ftrange  Mock-reafoning  in  Beatrice?  Slje 
would  not  deny  him,  but  that  She  yields  upon  great  perfuafion. 

By  changing  the  Negative,  I  make  no  doubt  but  I  have  retriev'd  the 
Poet's  Humour. 

(31)  Leon.  Peace,  I  will  flop  your  Mouth."]  What  can  Leonato  mean 
by  This?  "  Nay,  pray,  peace,  Niece;  don't  keep  up  this  Obftinacy  of 
"  Profeffions,  for  I  have  Proofs  to  Hop  your  Mouth. "  The  ingenious 
Dr.  Thirlby  agreed  with  me,  that  this  ought  to  be  given  to  Benedick, 
who,  upon  faying  it,  kiffes  Beatrice:  and  this  being  done  before  the 
whole  Company,  how  natural  is  the  Reply  which  the  Prince  makes  up- 
on it  ? 

How  doft  thou,  Benedick  the  married  Man! 
Befides,  this  Mode  of  Speech,  preparatory  to  a  Salut«,  is  familiar  to  our 
Poet   in  'common   with  other  Stage- Writers.      So  before,  in  this  Play, 
Beatrice  fays  to  Hero', 

Speak,  Coufin',  or  {if  you  cannot,)  flop  his  Mouth  with  a  Kifs,  and 
let  not  him  /peak  neither. 

So,  again,  in  Troilus  and  Crejfida,  where  She  fears  that  She  is  faying 
too  fond  Things: 

Crek.  •' Stop  my  Mouth. 

Trail.  And  Jk all,  albeit  five et  Mufick  ijjues  thence .      [Killing  her. 
So,  in  Beaumont  and  Fletchers  Scornful  Lady ; 

Widow. 


4$£    Much  Ado  about  Nothing. 

Pedro.  How  doft  thou,  Benedick  the  married 
Irian? 

Bene.  I'll  tell  thee  what,  Prince  5  a  College  of  witt- 
crackers  cannot  flout  me  out  of  my  humour:  doft 
thou  think,  I  care  for  a  fatire,  or  an  epigram  ?  no :  if 
a  man  will  be  beaten  with  brains,  he  fhall  wear  no- 
thing handfome  about  him ;  in  brief,  fince  I  do  pur- 
pofe  to  marry,  I  will  think  nothing  to  any  purpofe 
that  the  world  can  fay  againft  itj  and  therefore  ne- 
ver flout  at  me,  for  what  I  have  faid  againft  it>  for 
man  is  a  giddy  thing,  and  this  is  my  conclufion  >  for 
thy  part,  Claudio^  I  did  think  to  have  beaten  thee  j  but 
in  that  thou  art  like  to  be  my  kinfman,  live  unbruis'd, 
and  love  my  coufin. 

Claud.  I  had  well  hoped,  thou  would  ft  have  denied 
Beatrice^  that  I  might  have  cudgeli'd  thee  out  of  thy 
fingle  life,  to  make  thee  a  double  dealer  5  which,  out 
of  queftion,  thou  wilt  be,  if  my  Coufin  do  not  look 
exceeding  narrowly  to  thee. 

Bene.  Come,  come,  we  are  friends;  let's  have  a 
Dance  ere  we  are  marry'd,  that  we  may  lighten  our 
own  hearts,  and  our  wives  heels. 

Leon.  We'll  have  dancing  afterwards. 

Bene.  Firft,  o'  my  word}  therefore,  play  mufick. 
Prince,  thou  art  fad,  get  thee  a  wife,  get  thee  a  wife* 
there  is  no  ftafF  more  reverend  than  one  tipt  with 
horn. 

Widow.  Sir,  you  /peak  like  *  voorthy  Brother.  And  Jo  much  I  do  cre- 
dit your  fair  Language,  that  I  Jhall  love  your  Brother ;  and  Jo  love 
him, but  I  Jhall  hlujh  to  fay  more. 

Eld.  Love.  Stop  her  Mouth. [To  his  Brother,  who  kifles  her. 

And  Wehjier  in  his  Dut chefs  of  Malfy. 

Dutch.   ■ .I'll  flop  your  Mouth.  \KiJJing  hivt. 

Anto.   Nay,  that's  but  One :  Venus  had  tvoo  foft  Doves 

To  dravo  her  Chariot : —  I  mujl  have  another.         [Kiffing  her. 

And  fo  I  conclude  this  Volume  con  la  hocca  dolce,  as  the  Italians  ex- 
prefc  themfelves. 

Enttt 


Much  Ado  about  Nothing.    487 

Enter  Meflenger. 

Mejf.  My  Lord,  your  brother  John  is  ta'cn  in  flight, 
And  brought  with  armed  men  back  to  MeJJina. 

Bene.  Think  not  on  him  'till  to  morrow :  I'll  dcvifc 
thee  brave  punifhments  for  him.    Strike  up,  Pipers. 

[Dance. 
[Exeunt  omnes. 


The  End  of  the  Firji  Volume. 


* 


*H 


