with islands, it is in reality one of the
most difficult questions in physical as
tronomy.
The great height to which the water
vises in some of our estuaries and tidal
vivois is not duo directly to the action of
the sun and moon, hut to tho tidal wave
of the ocean, which, rising at the mouths
of the rivers, causes the water to rush up
tlic channel with very great violence
where, as in tho Severn. England, it is
suddenly narrowed.
Report of the Secretary of War.
The Secretary of War’s report shows
the army on July first to have been re
duced to’ 30,000. The expenditures for
the year were about $40,000,000 includ
ing nearly $4,000,000 for river and har
bor improvements. The estimate for
military purposes for the fiscal year end
ing June 30th, 1872, is $32,415,472. The
Treasury has realized thus far the present
fiscal year, $21,766,403 trom the sale of
arms and other sources. An estimate of
$3,000,000 is made lor settlement of
claims yet due the States for calling troops
into service. The Secretary says it is
with gVcat embarrassment that the ap
propriations made at the last session can
tie so economized as to answer the press
ing requirements of the service. He re
commends that extra lieutenants author
ized to serve as regimental quartermas
ters be discontinued as vacancies occur in
those grades, effecting the ultimate re
duction of eighty lieutenants, and that
the grade of quartermaster sergeant be
abolished, also those of artificer and wag
oner, which will save 12,165 men to the j
service, at a yearly cost of $412,750.
flic proceeds of sales of clothing since
June 3u. 1870, to date are $1,875,720.
the cost of transportation per year is
about 81,500,000. Half the Southern
diroads still owe the department $4,
>1.850. Tim Secretary alludes to ttie
existence ot an armed rebellion of a regu
lar organization and ot great strength in
parts ot Southern States, and the necessi
ty ot using the armed force of the nation
to put it down, and to bring the leaders
to speedy justice, lie closes with a re
newed recommendation tor fire-proof
adding.' tor the War Department, and
'■xpresses a hope that a reform will lie ef
tceted in all departments of the govern
ment by tlie lovei s of Civil Service Com
mission.
fReport of Revenue Commissioner.
I'hi- report of the (Commissioner of In
T,,n;u! Revenue shows that the receipts
•m all sources for 1^71 exclusive of the
direct lax upon banks ami deposits ot na
i.illM I n b w «!1 1 l ill l 1 "’ll
t'-mal banks were $144,011,1
It i- estimated that the receipts tor the
uiTewt year under the preseiit law will
i e $125,000,000.
I he number of distillers registered is
including, 7,144 fruit distil
11• rie>, j»r<ulueing 54,“*7(3,440 taxable gal
I he receipts from spirits for the
vcar ending June 30. 1871, were $40,281,
J'he amount of tax received on fer
nmntedjiquors, at one dollar per bb). was
13. an increase over the previous
v; nr, which is due to the increased atten
t!"iict Assessors. The receipts from to
bacco ait $33,o* b,o'j<, an increase of over
>‘-,'.'2.1,000, which is owing to the etfec-
tivenos ot the new law requiring stamp- i
imr before removal from the place of
manufacture.
II" believes a uniform rate t taxation
would effectually stop all frauds in the j
tobacco trade, and recommends taxing
tobacco peddlers. He also recommends
a special tax of $500 on all persons sell-
mg raw or leaf tobacco to other than
manufacturers or regular dealers in
quantities less than twenty-live pounds,
lie also recommends the abolition ot 1
tobacco bonded warehouses. He com
mends the present style of stamps used,
believing them not easily counterfeited.
11c total amount received front com
promised revenue cases during the year
$bts,41*7; total value of seizures
‘51.240. He recommends the abolition
t -tamps on canned meats, fruits, etc.,
ami requests Congressional authorization
be stamping large amounts of forfeited j
tobacco held by government in order that
it may be sold.
Owing to a Congressional omission t"
authorize the remission ol taxes on ship
builders, he has ordered such taxes to be
collected He recommends some of the j
laws, relative to the collection of taxes,
Imposition of flues, etc. The report eon- j
eluded oy stating that two hundred and j
tiiirty accounts ot ex-eolloctors of revenue j
uiv still open, one hundren and fifteen of'
which have been placed in the hands of]
attorneys for suits against bondsmen of!
the delinquents.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Tin1 N ivy estimate for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1372, amount to about
OOtiJiito over $1,200,000 less than for
I he current year, and over $500,000 less
than the appropriation made by Congress.
The Secretary recommends that the grade
nl commodore he dispensed with, and
alter this grade has lapsed by the death,
retirement or promotion of the present in
imlient-. promotions lie made to grade
ei Hear Admiral as vacancies occur from
'he list of captains, and that a further de
1 I’eic! I"' made in officers by increasing
tin cadetship term from four to six years'!
Execution of Communists.
>ssel. l'erre and others, who joined
the revolt of communists against the
I liiurs government, were last week shot
to death at Paris. Much sympathy is felt
lor Rossei, who is a young man of educa
tion and genius, and protests that lie
lined the revolt for the purpose of re
straining it from excess. The following
is an account of the execution—
At C A. M., the prisoners Rossei, Ferre
and several bourgeois were taken from
their cells and brought to the Camp of
Satory. Thence they were escorted by a
large force to the place fixed upon for the
execution in the outskirts of the Camp.
On arriving there, a hollow square was
formed by the troops, at one side of which
the prisoners were placed. The behavior
of the three men was most courageous.
When the soldiers approached to blind
fold them, Ferre refused to allow the
bandage to be. placed over his eyes, de
claring that lie would look his execu
tioners in the face. When the prepara
tions were completed, at 7 o’clock, the
company detailed for the duty advanced,
and, levelling their muskets, at the word
of command fired. Rossei fell at the first
discharge, he being instantly killed. The
others were not so lortunate; the bullets
did not take immediate effect, and as they
were writhing on the ground, some
soldiers of the shooting party, in obedi
ence to instructions, advanced with pistols,
and gave the coup do grace to put them
out of their agony. The bodies were
placed in plain coffins and immediately
removed. The execution took place in
the presence of 3,000 troops of the line.
A profound sensation was produced
throughout the city by the details of the
execution. The death of young Rossei is
lamented even hv those who feel it was
demanded by justice and the best interests
of the country.
Horrible Affair.
Litti.k Rock, Dee. 2. Sunday last, on
Mulberry Creek, Frtnklin county, two
young men named Joseph Forbish and
\Vm. Chenswith, aged 10 and 18 years
respectively, outraged and afterwards
murdered a daughter of Richard Hill,
age 14 years. After committing the deed
they threw the body into the creek, where
it was found, the neck being broken and
boilv horribly mutilated. Furbish and
henswiih were arrested and confessed
their gniit. In the confession they stated
that they expected the search by the Hills
for their child would cause the family to
leave their house, which they propose il
to plunder. While being taken to jail
they attempted to escape and both were
killed by the guard.
It is related that four murderers in Russia
were recently placed, by way of experiment, In
four beds in which cholera patients had lain.
They did not know the character of the beds,
and did not take the disease. They were then
compelled to sleep in new and clean beds,
which they were led to believe had been occu
pied by persons who had died of cholera, when
three of them died within four hours.
REPUBLICAN JOURNAL.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1871.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY MORNING
WILLIAM H. SIMPSON.
EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR.
Subscription Terms. In advance. $2.00 a year;
within the year, $2.50; at the expiration of the
year, $3.00.
Advertising Terms. For one square, (one
inch of length in column,) $1.25 for three weeks,
and 25 cents for each subsequent insertion. Attrac
tion of a square charged as a full one.
Administrators. Executors and Guardians
desiring their advertisements published iu the
Journal will please so state to the Court.
SUBSCRIBERS desiring to have the address of
papers changed, must state the Post Office to which
the paper has been sent as well as to which It is
to go.
49* S. M. Pettengill Co., 6 State St., Boston
and 37 Park Row, New Y#rk, are our authorized
Agents for procuring subscriptions and forwarding
advertisements.
49“ S. R. Niles, No. 1 Scollay’s Building, Court
St., Boston, is authorized to receive advertisements
for this paper.
49“T. C. Evans, 106 Washington Street, is an
authorized agent for tnis paper.
49*Gko. P. Rowell Co., 40 Park Row, New
York, will receive advertisements for this paper, at
the lowest rates. Their orders will receive prompt
attention.
49* Horace Dodd, 121 Washington St., Boston,
is an authorized Agent lor the Journal.
Subscribers are requested to take notice of the date
on the colored slips attached to the paper. It is the
only form of receipt now used. For instance, 15
May 71. means that the subscription is pa!9to that
date. When a new payment is made, the date will
be immediately changed to correspond, and thus a
receipt iu full is sent with every paper. Subscribers
in arrears are requested to forward the suras due.
49* In sending money, state THE POST OFFICE
to which the paper is sent.-^Tfr
Political Schemes.
The press is full oi rumors concerning
the future action of the Democratic party
of the nation. Some of these have gleams
of sense in them, while others arc but the
very dregs of folly. One individual in
the far west, claiming to be a Democrat,
but hitherto unknown to fame, puts forth
his opinion that the Democratic party is
dead, and will know no future revival.
Another scheme, also having its origin in
the west, is “passivism”—or that of lying
down in the furrow and allowing the
Grant chariot to be driven back and forth
over the prostrate party at the will of the
presiding Jelm. tther plans contemplate
the nomination by the Democracy of some
prominent republican in opposition to
Grant; and the candidates named in this
connection range from Gratz Brown and
Chief Justice Chase to Horace Greeley
and Charles Sumner
No one who looks at the situation in
telligently, ami speaks in the spirit of
candor, can avoid the acknowledgement
that the immediate future of the Demo
cratic party is not promising. The radi
cal party has intrenched itsidl in power
bv every device that force, fraud and cun
ning can suggest. It has enlarged the
civil list until its army of salaried and
trained adherents, who are paid out of the
people’s pockets to defeat the people’s will,
cover the whole land. It has brought to
its support, by enormous tariff duties, the
immense manufacturing interest of the
country. By the extraordinary and before
unheard of advantages to capitalists and
bankers, it has the favor and support of
the moneyed power of the country, and
dips at will into its purse for the sinews
oi political warfare. The army, enlarged
beyond all precedent for times of peace,
and too numerous for honest purposes, is
at the beck and call of those who scheme
for perpetual power. A law, extraor
dinary and unconstitutional, suspends at i
the will of the head of the party the great 1
writ of personal freedom, and makes his
word the supreme law in any region of
the country. Another law, outrageous
and insulting to every citizen, surrounds j
the polls with bayonets on election day,
and compels the nominally free men of
the land to exercise the dearest right be
queathed by their lathers, while they are
compelled to how before the insignia of
trvanny. Presses, subsidized from the
public treasury, sing praises to all this,
as Nero fiddled while Rome burned.
While the monarchical countries of Europe
are stirred by the ideas and hopes of self
government, the hitherto prototype of
freedom and exemplar of democracy on
this side the ocean, is swayed to the pur- j
poses of centralization and sinks to the
arms of imperialism.
This is no flattering outlook. I\ut what
will it be if the great Democratic party of
the country, that cherished the republic
in its growth and is now the only hope of
its restoration, shall disband, or do that
which is equivalent to disbanding J Can
it? watch-fires be relighted, and its stand
ard raised anew Can its organization
be reformed Can the true men who
have stood shoulder to shoulder on so
many well fought fields be brought again
to their posts If these miracles cannot
be performed, wliat then Why imperi
alism bestrides our country unopposed, and
the fires of freedom go out forever. To
acknowledge that the Democratic party
has no future, is to confess that self-gov
ernment Is a failure.
We do not say that we would not con
sent to an honorable concert ot action
with men of the republican party who ac
knowledge the necessity of defeating
Grant as a means ol saving the country
but it should be upon the simple platform
of that one purpose. There may be an
alliance, but not a surrender. We would
not consent to the lowering of the Demo
cratic standard one inch, or get upon our
knees lor the confession of sins that we
never committed. We have a party of
more than two and a half million voters
in the country, who are not disheartened
because the right does not always pre
vail. They believe that, despite of radi
cal cunning and craft, despite all the hard
facts ot the present, better days will dawn
—that there will yet arise some man of
will and purpose and courage—some
Jackson, relying on the great heart of the
people, and facing their enemies with un
daunted soul and unyielding purpose, till
those who now oppress and mock at our
calamities are scattered to the winds.
The varying currents of party success can
be determined and predicted by no one.
They puzzle and disappoint the most ex
perienced. We may be nearer than we
suspect to a revulsion of public opinion
that will astonish us. But in any event,
let us hold fast to the faith.
We call attention of our friends who
last summer persisted in forcing upon the
Democratic State Convention of Maine a
declaration that the late amendments to
the Constitution are too sacred to be
touched, to the message of President
Grant. It will be seen that he has no
hesitancy in recommending the repeal of
a portion of the fourteenth amendment.
But by the adoption of the new departure
folly, the Democrats ot Maine are barred
from being as liberal to the South as the
head of the administration party! Is
there, after all, anything to be made by
eating radical dirt
Th# President’s Message.
There are some matters in the message
ol' the President which, so far as they go,
will meet the general approbation ol the
country. In this class may be included
the recommendation for the reduction of
tariff and internal revenue exactions, and
the suggestion that it is not expedient to
pay the public debt at present by revenue
collections. The suggestions for civil
servico reform are well, so far as they are
sincere, but have a flavor of dry humor to
to those who call to mind how rapidly
new offices have been created by the ad
ministration, and that they are almost in
variably filled with single reference to
party efficiency. An honest rel'oim ot the
civil service, which shall give to all posi
tions men capable and efficient, without
regard to other considerations, is one of
the greatest needs of the time—but can it
be expected from this administration
The suggestion that the disability im
posed by the fourteenth amendment t# the
Constitution upon the citizens ot the South
be removed, and that the educated and
intelligent men ot those States who par
ticipated in the rebellion be allowed to
hold official positions, but recites the true
policy of the Democratic party, and one
which it has repeatedly declared. Such
concession would have come with much
better grace and been infinitely more
politic five years ago. If that measure be
compassed, and the weak and unstates
manlike Ku Klux bayonet law be repeal
ed, there will be small ground ot com
plaint against Southern men in any grade
of society.
The President regrets, ns he. hris before
regretted in messages, the disturbed con
dition of Cuba and the consequent an
noyance to this country. It will occur to
many that something more of firmness in
the executive, and a decided message or
two to the Spanish authorities concerning
these annoyances,” as his excellency
mildly puts the outrages on the ships and
citizens of the United States, would have
a salutary effect. The real responsibility
for the annoyances is at Washington.
This country has been bullied in Cuba
quite long enough, and presents to the
world the extraordinary spectacle of a
government punishing with the rigors of
martial law very slight irregularities in its
own citizens, and bowing with humility
to the outrages and insults at our very
doors of effete and decaying Spain.
It is a relief to read that the measure of
prosperity which the country enjoys, us
seen through the executive microscope,
has been realized “under a wise Provi
dence." There was a fear that the grati
tude thereby inspired would not rise be
yond the altitude of the White House.
“The policy has not been to inquire into
the wisdom of the laws already enacted,"
says the President. This course is un
doubtedly judicious, as his excellency is
thereby spaied much fruitless search.
The shipbuilders and navigators of the
east will look in vain for any encourag
ing word for their decaying interests.
Voted down in Congress, and given tie
go by in the message, the party consigns
this once large and lucrative busine ss to
the tomb.
The foreign pofiey of the message is
chiefly remarkable for the hearty good
will with which ex-minister ('alacazv gets
a parting kick. San Domingo, the yellow
diamond of the Caribbean sea, which like
Solomon's dusky love, had “ravished one
of the eyes'’ ot our modern embodiment
of wisdom, has no mention in the docu
ment. Sumner’s denunciation of the il
licit love has done the business.
ihe editor of the Prog. Age lias allud
ed to a letter addressed by the editor ol
this paper to President Johnson, five or
■six years ago, in reply to certain charges
made by radical politicians of this vicini
ty. As such allusion is very unsatisfac
tory and unmeaning to the public, who
will generally fail to understand it, we
shall be glad to have the Age publish the
document—not garbled extracts, but the
entire letter. Then the public will un
derstand what the Age means, if any
meaning there be to its remarks.
That paper also takes occasion to state
that we were “bought to support Gen.
Jameson” in lrtiil. If we ask the authori
ty for such statement we shall doubtless
be told that such is rumor or common re
port. Xow common report, if it exists,
is unreliable evidence, and such logic is
of a very dangerous kind for our neigh
bor or almost any one else to use. Sup
pose common report alleges that lie lias
been bought to do a tiling—it may be more
or less disreputable than to support a can
didate tor office—is he as willing to ac
cept it in his own case as in ours Our
neighbor will see that this sort of asser
tion and argument is a two edged sword,
whereof the sharper side may be toward
himsell. It is much the better way not
to employ sucli weapons. If there be
any documentary proof of the story we
notice, or any credible witness who speaks
of bis own knowledge, we shall be glad
to have the evidence produced, and will
make no complaint.
Boston had an alarm on Friday. The
men employed at the Chestnut Hill Res
ervoir to keep obstructions Corn the
mouths of the main water pipes went on
a Thanksgiving bender, and the ice clog
ged the entrance so that on Friday none
of that useful fluid could be had until af
ternoon. Thero was the biggest kind of
an excitement. Newspaper offices had to
haul water to Supply their boilers, hotels
melted the ice from their refrigerators,
and topers took their whiskey straight.
There was great rejoicing when it began
to flow again.
The Portland Press tells its political
friends that it isn’t safe to assume that all
the charges against the administration
should be disregarded—that some of them
have good foundation—and adds—
It is not to be anticipated that the present
session of Congress will pass without at least
the repeal of the more obnoxious tariff duties,
the passage of a civil service act that means
something, and of some measure that is well
calculated to revive hope in the breast of the
shipbuilder and shipowner.
That sounds well, but we have lost
faith in prophesies and promises of that
kind. The syren has sung too often.
—Mr. Emery’s new paper will be called
the Jiangor Daily Commercial: It will
be a large and handsome sheet, with full
telegraph despatches, and will be devot
ed specially to the interests ol central and
eastern Maine, and to tho large and grow
ing importance of Bangor as a commere'a
city. The political, general and local de
partments will be conducted by Mr. Em
ery, aided by an able corps of assistants.
A first class newspaper may be looked for,
and one which will at once take a high
position in public favor. Of course the
Commercial will be democratic.
—The Lewiston pulpit vies with the
press of the locality in administering
puffs. Thus the Rev. Dr. Balkam said in
his discourse ou Thanksgiving day—
J.awyers are generally conservative—always
looking at the past—though I cannot fail to
mark exceptions when I see my honored friend
Judge May before me a life long reformer.
The pen of the most accomplished local
could hardly have put it more neatly.
—The persons named as the probable
successor of Mr. Noyes as Superintendent
of the Maine Central, are numerous.
They consist of L. L. Lincoln, Geo. M.
Patten, J. Prescott, A. W. Wildes, Fran
cis Chase, and Mr. Noyes himself—an ex
cellent list from which to make a selec
tion.
—In a pleasant village of Knox County
the barber of the locality presented the
only lawyer with a Thanksgiving turkey
—probably in acknowledgement of the
keenness of the legal razor wielded by
the recipient.
—Dan. Sickles has married a Spanish
woman, and is bringing her to this coun
try. Now it any gentleman has a taste
for getting shot in the back, lot him shake
a handkerchief at her of a Sunday morn
ing.
—The new French government is guard
ing the island of Corsica as carefully as
though it expected the shade ol the elder
Napoleon 1 j voyage thence for the dis
turbance of France.
—Daily newspaper paragraphing is get
tNig to he fearfully abbreviated. Here’s
a specimen, recording a colored demise—
Clay Spencer, colored, pint of Memphis whis
key.
riie Oxford Register crowns its edi
torial columns with the figure of a bear,
as an indication that there is something
bruin up there, wo suppose.
Mr. Jacobs of Skowhegan isn’t a
good shot. lie aimed at a dog on the
sidewalk and put a charge of slugs in
Judge Hell’s leg.
—There’s a tearful state of things in
Dtah. [Six feet of snow on the ground, fuel
scarce, and the saints to he restricted to a
wife apiece.
—Belfast lias shoe factory on ttie brain.
[Portland Adv.
Rut it isn’t our sole reliance. We are
[legging away at other enterprises.
A dog fell into the river at Augusta,
and was pulled out. The Journal of that
city works it up in a half-column local
Terrible Hurricane.
Haihan, N. S Dee. 1. A special to
the Boston Traveler says a hurricane vis
ited the northern side of the Island of
Cape Breton, on Saturday night, the 27th,
doing immense damage to houses, barns,
trees and shipping. The gale commenc
ed at y o'clock and lasted until 5 the next
morning. The tide was four feet higher
than ever known before. Public whart.
Port Hood, was swept away, and in the
villages several houses were blown down.
A number of vessels anchored at Port
Mulgrave dragged ashore and passed out
ol the strait to sea. The Burmudian brig
Jabcz, from Charlottetown, was lost on
Fox Island, and only one man was sav
ed. Ten schooners were wrecked in the
Strait of Cause. It is teared that there
will be considerable loss of life as well as
property, as the result of the gale.
The Mace and Coburn Prize Fight.
M"NTi;omi:ky Station, Miss., Nov. 80.
The prize light between Mace and Coburn
took place here to-day. About 500 per
sons were present. Tlie affair resulted in
a drawn battle, and all bets are off.
Neither man seemed anxious to light. At
the close of the eleventh round the referee
ordered them to their corners, nn.l advanc
ing to tin' centre of the ring said 1 This
crowd came hereto see a tight. You have
had every chance offered, but seem afraid
of each other. I therefore declare the
tight a draw and all bets off.”
After tin; referee’s decision, Mace cross
ed over to Coburn’s corner and patted Joe
on the back, saying. “Coburn is the best
man 1 ever met in the ring.”
Mace has a severe contusion just above
the lip and acknowledges that Coburn
struck him there ten limes. Coburn has a
short cut above the left eye and scratch
on the nose under the right eye. Other
wise they show no punishment. In the
second round Mace injured two lingers
ot his left hand when he hit Coburn’s
head. lie gives this as the reason for
hugging his corner and acting on the de
fensive.
Mr. Hunt gives the time of the tight as
three hours and thirty-eight minutes. The
spectators seem well satisfied with the
referee’s decision.
Chloroiorm is taxed by the tariff law
$1.00 per pound in gold. It costs in Eu
rope 7a 1-2 cents per pound. The whole
sale price in New York, in currency, is
$1.00 per pound. The revenue derived
from this article by the II. S. Government
in the year 1170, was .1139.50. It is man
ufactured easily in New York, and those
who use if are forced to pay four times
the price they could get it for if the tax
was abolished. The government gets no
revenue from it, for it costs more to col
lect the i? 159.50 than the government re
ceives. A great many other articles are
taxed in the same way, with similar re
sults.
Utah.
Sait Bake, Nov. 29. The carriers
from Cottonwood, which arrived this af
ternoon, reports six feet of snow on a
level, and drifts from twenty to one hun
dred feet in depth. The principal mining
claims, however, manage to continue to
work.
Trains on the Utah Central Railroad
to-day are three hours behind time from
Ogden on account of the snow.
The motion to quash the indictment
against Brigham Young and others for
murder is still under hearing before the
District Court. The result is anticipated
with much interest.
Communication with the mines uncer
tain and dangerous. Further accounts of
loss of life by snow slides have been re
ceived.
Salt Bake City, Dec. 1. Thanksgiv
ing was observed generally. Business
was suspended. There were services in
fhe churches aud a ball at night attended
by both Mormons and Gentiles.
Bates, the new United States Attorney,
arrived yesterday and was presented to
the Court this morning. Ho spoke at
some length as fo his intended official
course. In conclusion he said “I have
only now to state that by God’s blessing
I will perform the delicate and sacred
functions of my office with calmness, fair
ness, equity and candor, with such equal
and exact justice towards all people of
the Territory, irrespective of caste, color,
sex or sects.”
The motion to quash the indictment
against Brigham Young and others for
murder is still pending.
We were sitting with Horace one after
noon in that little sanctum of his adjoin
ing the counting-room of the Tribune,
when a colored gentleman was announc
ed, “Let him come in,” roared the phil
osopher, and an aged darkey clad in
broadcloth, gold-rimmed spectacles, and
a cane headed with the same precious
metal, stalked in. “Mister Greeley, I
believe!'” he inquired. “Tes, I’m Mister
Greeley; what do you want?” was the
gruff response. “Well, salt,” said old
Ebony Specs, seating himself as he depos
ited his hat and cane on the floor, “Well,
sail, I’ve been thinkin’ that our race don’t
pay enuft attention to scientific pursuits,
sah.” We saw the cloud gather on the
intellectual countenance of the great
journalistic Bohemian, and in a voice of
thunder he exclaimed, “Scientific pur
suits you d—d old tool; you want a
hoe-handle and patch ot New Jersey—
that is the scientific pursuit you want.
Get out!” [Washington Capital.
Letter From Boston.
Correapondence of the Journal.
Boston, Dec. 4, 1871.
THANKSGIVING,
the dear, old-fashioned, delightful day,
handed down from “yo ancient time” by
universal custom, has come and gone. A
little more windy, frosty and freezingly
cold than the Thanksgivings of these later
days are want to be, and more like unto
those of the years agone, where sleigh
rides, and skating parties were closely
allied with turkey and plum pudding, and
both wero synonymous of this merriest of
festal days. The day preceding came in
with a snowy, cloudy, windy morning,
and departed in a clear and freezing even
ing. As the mercury fell the prices of
poultry rose, so that those who came late
to buy found heavier demands upon their
purses. But the additional four cents per
pound seemed in no wise to discourage
or dishearten the throngs of purchasers.
The reigning thought appeared to be
“Thanksgiving day comes only once tn a year”’
and with a recklessness worthy a better
cause they launched forth the crisp notes
and jingling coppers, that effected quick
transfers of all the dainty delicacies and
traditional belongings of a regular New
England Thanksgiving dinner, from mar
ket to kitchens. Many, with souls un
doubtedly softened by the suggested
flavors and appetizing aroma of cranberry
tarts and celery, mince-pics and roasted
goose, remembered that ”1110886(1 is he
who eonsidereth the poor,” and realized
their highest enjoyment of the day in
providing an ample and delicious dinner
for their less fortunate neighbors; so itis
to be believed that very few. if any, with
in the limits of this largo hearted city
wero obliged to resort to the shift of the
man who said “we thought wo would
have a plain dinner to-day as always to
eat roast turkey and plum pudding makes
one sick."
During many years it has iieen the cus
tom in Boston for the Chief of Police to
issuo a fowl proclamation several days
preceding Thanksgiving, which always
resulted in the accumulation, at the differ
ent police stations, of a generous supply
of poultry and other provisions, or the
money with which to buy them. These
have been dealt out by tho trusty guar
dians of the peace with strict impartiality
to the applying poor. But this year tho
supplies and funds thus contributed were
considerably smaller than heretofore,
owing to the discovery, that in a majority
of cases, the articles were not received by
the really deserving and appreciative poor,
they being in most instances, as the police
officers themselves assert, too pround to
submit themselves to the degrading ami
humiliating investigations that always lues
to accompany the gift. This is the pov
erty that “walketb not in rags," but ever
surrounds itself with decency and self-re
spect—much more to be respected and
oftener to be helped than the crouching,
subservient, shame-faced poverty that i^>
so frequently to be seen. It is pleasant to
know that some new way is to bo devised
by which worthy eases may lie properly
attended to. The closing of schools,
banks, newspaper offices, government de
partments, and a general suspension of all
kinds of business, together with a liberal
amount of church-going, parties, balls,
and theatrical amusements constituted the
observances of the day. The inmates of
the Slate Prison were regaled with their
annual dinner of poultry and other good
things, the different firms employing con
vict labor furnishing a liberal supply of
fruits.
F.XECCT1V F. CI.F.M ENC'Y.
Thanksgiving is annually marked in
Massachusetts by the liberation of two
State prisoners, if two are to be found de
serving the Executive clemency. The
two liberated last Thursday were David
Aldrich, a lad of eighteen, and a man
named James O’Brien. The latter has
been in prison five, the former four years.
This case of young Aldrich was a peculiar
one, and has always elicited much sympa
thy from those conversant with the facts,
lie was employed by a man in Methuen,
Mass., to work for him at a stipulated
price; but upon settling, the man refused
to pay the boy as much as agreed upon by
two dollars a month. This roused yosng
David, then only fourteen years old, to
the highest pitch of anger and resent
ment, and finding himself unable to ob
tain justice he determined not to wait but
to take vengeance into his own hands,
and accordingly set tiro to the man’s barn,
thinking with the unreasoning spirit of
anger and boyhood that the man would
appear and put it out before it had burned
much, and that he would only lose a little
and be a good deal frightened. But alas
for his calculations, the tiro spread, con
suming not only the barn but the house
and other attached buildings, and the boy
was immediately arrested, tried, convicted
and sent to Stato Prison. His unhappy
condition, youth and uniformly good con
duct soon made Warden Haynes his firm
friend, and it is mainly through his ex
ertions that that this young Jack Cade is,
after four years ot confinement, again at
liberty, it is to be hoped “a wiser if a
Badder boy."
A CHANGE OF OFFICIALS
at the State Prison is another of the much
talked about events of the week. Warden
Haynes, whose name has boeome almost
world renowned, for his kind and humane
policy toward convicts, and for his many
improvements in prison discipline, is call
ed upon by Governor Claflin, suddenly
and without warning to resign. Like an
honest man he demands to know the
reason why, but is briefly told there is
none, save that he has occupied the posi
tion some fourteen years, and His Excel
lency thinks the time has come to appoint
another man. Ah was not that the “un
kindest cut of all," to think that a man
had served his State too long and too
faithfully, and thereby served out his
worth? Warden Haynes has, of course,
promptly sent in his resignation, and ou
Thanksgiving day took leave of the pris
oners, Gen. Chamberlain, his successor,
being duly installed upon the same day.
The investigation, held at Mr. Haynes’
demand, has revealed nothing, except
that he has raised the price of convict
labor, and compelled contractors to pay
$1.08 instead of sixty-five cents a day for
their work. In short, it seems to be a
clear case that the good hearted warden
has had too much sympathy for Ginx’s
baby, and was a stumbling block in the
path of those who choose the “ways that
are dark,” and therefore like many an
other good man before him, he has been
obliged to walk the plank.
CIVIL SEKVICE It Eton 11
finds a bold and able advocate in Gen.
Carl Schurz, whom Bostonians generally
had an opportunity of seeing and hearing,
for the first time at Music Hall, on Tues
day evening of last week. There was a
I
deal of curiosity to hear this “man who
dares,” and notwithstanding the numer
ous attractions in the way of amusements
and other lectures, Music Hall was tilled
to its utmost capacity. The distinguish
ed Senator is a plain, substantial looking
man, of medium height, and light, sandy
complexion, with a grave, scholarly as
pect, utterly at variance with his military
and political career. Ilis speech is quick,
earnest, but quite distinct, with a slight
German accent. In commencing his lec
ture, he quoted the words of Abraham
Lincoln, when gazing upon a crowd ol
office seekers; “Look at this spectacle.
We have conquered the rebellion, but
there you see something which, in the
course of time, may become far more
dangerous to this country than the rebel
lion itself.” The General then went on in
his eloquent, earnest, and impressive
manner, to expose the corruptions exist
ing, and the temptations surrounding the
present spoil system. Most men, he
thought, went into oflice with a mortgage
upon their conscience, or in other words,
pledged to take care of the interest of
some friend who had helped them. And
taking care ot the interest of a friend
meant giving them an office, or a gov
ernment contract. American people could
stain! the loss of money, but they cannot
stand the fearful demoralization growing
out from this political traffic. Every of
fice holder knows that with a change of
administration lie will certainly have to
go, and therefore he makes hay whilst
the sun shines, providing for the rainy
day that is to come. All parties cried
out for reform, but their reform simply
meant change of plunderers. After very
cleverly showing how the masses are
robbed and taxed to support inefficient
and dishonest men at the public expense,
lie concluded with an earnest appeal to
all patriotic citizens to put down the
brakes, and stop this fiend of corruption
stalking so boldv and unrebuked through
all governmenta' departments. The
hearty rounds of applause that frequently
greeted the Senator showed how power
fully the sympathies of bis auditors were
touched, especially when tins vulnerable
Ulysses was impaled upon the shatts of
the speaker’s wit and sarcasm. Then, in
deed, did all the outraged lovers of .Sum
ner give vent to their satisfaction and it
became very evident that Bostonians no
longer thought silence commendable”
but were decidedly in favor of a man
with more “gifts of speech.”
“WOE I NTO YOl r.AWYKR,"
Not simply because “j'C bind burdens
upon men’s shoulders grievous to be
borne,” but because the “silver tongued”
Phillips, has taken you for a mark at
which to hurl the glowing epithets that
slip so easily from his eloquent lips. He
wHl henceforth “use you for his mirth,
yea for his laughter” and for other
people’s, too. lie asserts that you are not
“just lawyers” neither “wise judges.”
He attacks you In your tenderest point,
and says that the wit of the bar is wit that
among gentlemen would lie considered
infamous, and halt of it is nothing but
gross abuse of witnesses.” He alleges
that a portion of you are “aristocratic,
selfish am', exclusive—that the Judges
favor you mil forget the poor advocates;
that clients take their cue therefrom, and
the unfortunate limbs of the law have
hard practice. He pursues you relentless
ly through all the courts of justice, halls
of legislation, jail systems and insane
asylum abuses; and. in short, adminis
ters about as seven1 and wholesome a
drubbing as lias lately been the misfor
tune of c.nv class ot men to take at is
hands.
VISIT OF THE (IRANI) DUKE.
Thu visit of Alexis to Boston is fixed
for this week Thursday. The programme
to be fo'lowed during his stay is not as
yet completed, but will include a grand
ball at the Boston Theatre, a visit to the
school-ship, navy-yard, the mills at Lowell,
and other state and city departments, a
banquet at the Revere House, where he is
to stop, a concert at Music Hall Saturday
afternoon by the school children, and a
grand orchestral concert by Theodore
Thomas’ celebrated band at the same
place Sunday evening. Perch:.
The N. Y. Sun publishes in full a cor
rect copy ol the Umuia’s and (faucial
S,•hunch's advertisement, which has been
sown broadcast over England. The name
of Schenck appears as one of the Direct
ors, as well as one of the Trustees.
Among the Americans connected with
him are (fen. Henry II. Baxter, ex Presi
dent of the N. Y. Central Railway; Tre
nor William Park, Esq., President of
the National Bank, North Bennington,
Vermont; Hon. Wm. N. Stewart, U. S.
Senator, Nevada; and Warren Hussey,
Esq., President ot the National Bank,
Utah, as resident manager.
John Weeks, Esq., formerly postmaster
of Bangor, who was on his way to visit
his son at Quincy, 111., was set upon in
a horse car in New York by halt a dozen
roughs, knocked down, gagged, and rob
bed of $7,000 in government bonds,
000 in City of Bangor bonds, and a note
for some $1,000—in all about $14,000.
Tho matter was placed in the hands of
tiie New York police but nothing has yet
been recovered. Mr. Weeks had some
$300 in bills with him which the rascals
did not get, and thus was able to proceed
on his way.
A Chichago girl wrote to her lover in Spriug
liekl, Mass., just after the tire, saying: “Our
wedding day Was set for last week, uud If you
will stand up with a woman dressed in a cot
ton shirt, and her father’s overcoat, come on.”
The brave youth telegraphed in reply “Get
ready, I will be with you."
Little girl (inquiringly)—■Mamma, who are
you making all these nice little clothes for?
Mamma (feelingly)—I am making then for a
poor (little babe, who hasn’t Fa rag. Little girl
(sympathetically)—Mamma, was it-burned out
in Chicago?
Three carrier pigeons recently flew from
schooner George W. Chase from points off
Hatteras 500 miles, off Key West 1000 miles,
and another point 1600 distant to Whippang, N
J., each making the speed of 200 miles per
hour.
A somewat juvenile dandy said to a fair part
ner at a ball: ‘‘Don’t you think. Miss, that my
mustaches are becoming?’’ To which she re
plied “Well, sir, they may be coming, but
they have not yet arrived.”
Horace Greeley confesses with melancholy
emphasis, that ‘‘there is a general feeling that
the Grant family is like a great forest—al
together too large.” The Providence Herald
says it is certainly a very Dents forest.
A young woman in Philadelphia, who has
been divorced twice, and is somewhat noted for
her beauty of the brunette type, recently mar
ried the third husband, a flaxen-headed strip
ling of seventeen.
\ll fears of the cholera from Russia seems to
have subsided. Alexis only brought the Hoop
enkoff with him. [N. Y. Post.
A negro girl in Selma, Alabama, skips rope
with a pailful of water on her head without
spilling a drop.
It Is a poor libel suit that can’t bring a man
something. A Texas man who claimed #12,
000 got sixty eents.
“Kate writes to say that many of the young
men who ride in street cars and omnibuses are
perfect savages.” She probably means that they
belong to the Paw knee tribe.
A New Alhaay bride “skedaddled” from the
church when the groom was about to lead her
to the altar, and vanished down the street. No
cards.
“How wonderful,” exclaims some unknown
philosopher, “are the laws governing human
existence I Were it not for tight lacing all civil- I
ized countries would he overrun with women.”
To the Senate and House of Jiipresrutnt
la addressing my third annual message to tin
law-making branch of the government, it i*
gratifying to be able to state that during lIn
past year success has generally attended tie
efforts to execute all laws found upon the Mat
ute books. The policy lias been not to cnijuin
into the wisdom of the laws already enacted,
but to learn their spirit and intent and to enforce
them accordingly. The past year has, under a
wise Providence, been one of general prosperi
ty to the nation. Tt has, howc ver, been alien 1
ed with more than usual hastisement in ihe
loss of life and properly by storm and tire.
These disasters have .-crv< d to call f th the
best elements of human nature in our coun
try and to develope a friendship t »r us on the
part of foreign nations, which goes far towards
alleviating the distresses occasioned by fie- i«
ments. The benevolent w ho have so geiierous
lv shared their means with the vi finis of the
misfortunes will have their reward in lie- >n
sciousuess of having performed a noble- act,
and in receiving tie* grateful thanks of men,
women and children whose sufferings they have
relieved.
Ol'R FOREIGN RFF.A’I ION'S—THE I RI-'AfY »F
WASHINGTON
The relations of the United State- with fort u
powers continue to be friendly. The year in
been an eventful one in witnessing two gp-at
nations, speaking one language and has iug
lineage, settling by peaceful arbitration disputes
of long standing, liable at any time to bring
those nations into bloody and hostile ronib.-r.
An example has thus been set, which, if -i
cessful in its final issue, maybe follow*-,! bv
other civilized nations and be the means finally
of returning lo productive industry million- .if
men now maintained to settle the dispute
nations by the bavonet and the broad-sword.
I transmit herewith a copy of the treaty allud
ed to, which lias been concluded din e the ad
journment of Uongress with Her Britanm*
Majesty ami a copy of the proto, ols of the -in
ferences of tho commissioners !*v whom if wa
negotiated. The Treaty provides methods for
adjusting the questions pending between tin
two nations. The various questions arc to b*
adjusted by arbitration. I r* --unmend <'.in
gress at an early day to make the m.
provisions for the Tribunal at Geneva, ac
the several -ovnmissions on the part c r»s. 1
ed States called for by the Trmtv lie M-.n
ty the King of Italy, the President of the Swi
Confederation, anu His Majesty tie- Ihnp.-n.
Brazil, have consented, on the joint request --f
the two powers, to name an arbitrator for bn
Tribunal at Geneva. I have caused my thank*
to be suitably expressed for the readine.-s \s ith
which the joint request ha- been complied with
by the appointment of gentlemen of eminence
and learning to these important position-. Hi*
Majesty the Kmporor of Germany ha- been
pleased to comply with the request of the joint
i commission of the two governments and has
consented to act. as the arbitrator of the di-put
ed water boundary between the United '■hafe
und Great Britain.
The contracting parties in the treaty !n\
undertaken to regard as between them-.
certain principles of public i i\v f-n which tie v
have contended from the commencement of
their history They have also agreed t.» brim:
these principles to the knowledge of the "th. r
maratime powers, and to invite them to -i le
to them. Negotiations an* going on a-to th
form of the note by which the invitation i~
be extended to the other powers.
TIIE FISHERIES.
I recommend the legislation necessary on the
part of Hu* United States to bring inf. operation
the articles of the Treaty relating to the l' -h
cries, and toother matters touching tic- r.-l
tions of the United States toward tin* Briti-h
North American po--.---ions, t.» hoi-om** op..
tive as soon as the proper legislation -lmuM he
had on the part of Great Britain and i:* ;..k-cs
I sions. It is much to bo dr-iivd tint, thi-l.*gis
lation may become co-operative before tin* fi-ri
ermen of the United Slates begin 10 m.-tk i!:, q
t arrangements for the coming .--a•.•:*,.
THE CANALS AND NOIU'HKUX lint \1>AKY.
l have addressed a communicatnm, ah,.
;i copy in transmitted herewith. t<> tin
nors of New York. Ponnsylv:m;-t.
diuna. Michigan. Illinois and .ii-in. irgii
upon tlx? governments of those States -1..*,
tively, the necessary action on their part to
carry into ell cot the objects of tin- nrti< Io of
treaty which contemplates the use f the airi'
on either side, connected with the --a\
the lake- and rivers forming the hound i
terms <»f equity, by Die inhabitant-
countries. It is hoped that the imporj.mc,-
the object and the benefits to tl.»w t!,. r- ii
will soeure the speedy approval and i. i
sanction of the States concerned. I ivin w -i
recommendation tor an appropriation f..r dct.-r
niining the true position of the forty-ninth ,r
allel of latitude, where it forms the boundary
between the United States and th Bri sh
North Am rican possessions, between th. I
of the Woods and tie* summit of the R-> kv
Mountains. The early action of ('.mgre-- .»n
this recommendation would put it in th«- power
of the War Department to place a i'.r-r in tli
field during next summer.
RELATIONS WITH FKVNc'I’ A\l> liKUMA.N V,
The resumption of diplomatic r. ,ri<>n- b
tween France and (b rinanv ha\- en -i a
to give directions for .c withdraw i ’i..
protection extending to (b rmans in Fnno v
the diplomatic and >n--o!r re|-i u>i\.-. ,,'j
the United States in that eounirv. I: jo-:
add that the d> lie .r. luty of this prot t
been performed by tic Mini-ter md th i
(General at Baris, and tic van-ms -mi-mI- in
I France under the Supervision of the l itter.
with great kindness a- w*dl as with pricier,
and tact. This eour-e has iv-vhcl tic emu.
merdatioti of the (leruiar governin' nt and ha
1 wounded no susceptibility ot the French.
The government of the Umpire of rmanv
j continues to manitcst a friendly icciine lowai-l
the United >lal and a de-ire harmoniz
with the moderate and just poli-w wlreh tin
government maintains in ir- r- l itwith
Asiatic powers, as well as with 11!i
American Republic-. I have given as-nrai:
that the frit ndlv feelings of that gov. mm 1 t
fully shared by the United State-.
CONVENTIONS WITH At- fit' 1! Ni.VKY
ITAl.V.
The ratifications of the 'oiisttl u an u Pur
zation conventions with th A t-tr 1 11 .nan
Empire have been exchanged. I r
ficially informed of the annex uion ..f tic
States of the Uhureii to the King-loin t U v
and the removal of the apitai of that K ngd mi
to Rome. In eontormity with tie■■ -m.im
policy of the l nited <M.s, 1 11 avn rce.ign,/
this change. The ratification- Ue new Tr*
of Commerce between the Unhid Slat- and
Italy have been exchanged. Tie- two pow 1
have agreed in this treaty that private pi t
at sea shall be exempt from eiptun-m
war between the two power-, Th
States have spared no opportunity-, m
siting this rule into the obligation- f n il1 m
Sl'AXISH CLAIMS, 1
The Forty-First Uongre-- -it its ti t«l
made an appropriation tor 11. organi/ it ion «.t -i
mixed commission for adjudi -ating upon laitns
of citizens of the United States ag.iin.-t -pun:
growing out ot the insurrection ;n ’ul> t. That
commission has since been orirani i. I t r n
mit herewith the correspond* to its
formation and its jurisdiction li is t.* in- hoped
that this commission will afford the tim tuts t
complete remedy for all their in in t i-
It lias been made the agreeable duty ti,
United States to preside over a nf* r at
Washington between the l'Urni|*«•?. 1111ai
Spain and the allied South American Kej ulc
which has resulted in an armist with
reasonable assurance of a permanent p- t
KUSH IA—TUB <1KA.VI> 1*1 K1
The intimate friendly relations wh hi v*
so long existed between the I
Russia, continue undisturbed.
the third son ot the Fmpciot i«» a p >,if iha;
there is no desire on the part of his gov* i nne-rd
ti» diminish the cordiality of those relation-.
The hospitable reception which lias been gi\*-n
to the ({rand Duke is a proof that on our si.i•
we share the wishes of that government.
THE RUSSIAN” MLN'ISTEK.
The inexeusalile course of the Ru->;:ui Min
ister at Washington rendered it m >s--.iry to
ask his recall, an«l to decline to longer iv, eivc
that functionary as a diplomatic repia senfah v,
It. was impossible with self respect, or with a
just regard to the dignity of the numtiy. t
permit Mr. Cataeazy to continue to hold inter
course with this government, after hi- personal
abuse of government officials, and during bis
persistent Interference through arious means
with the relations between the Unite I >iat.
and other powers. In accordance with ni\
wishes this (Jovernnieut ha- been relieved
further intercourse with Mr. (’ataeazv. and ill
management of the affairs ot the Imperial lega
tion has passed into the hands of a gentleman
entirely unobjectionable.
JAPAN AND CHINA.
With Japan we continue tojnuintaiu intimate
relations. The Cabinet of the Mikado lias »iti
the close of the last session of Congress, ^t-lt
ed citizens of the United Stall's to serve in
tices of importance in several departments
that government. L have reason to think that
this selection is due to an appreciation 'dth.
disinterestedness of the policy whirh 11 d* l i
ed Slates have pursued towards Japan.
It is our desire to continue to maintain thi>
disinterested, just police with China as well a>
Japan. The correspondence transmitted here
with, shows that there is no disposition on the
part of this government to swerve from its es
tablished course.
TIIE AFFAIR IN COREA.
Prompted by a desire to put an end to the
barbarous treatment of our shipwrecked sea
men on the (Jorean coast, I instructed our Min
ister at Pekin to endeavor to conclude a comen
tion with Corea for securing the safety and hu
mane treatment of such mariners. Admiral
Rodgers was instructed to accomyany him with
a sufficient forco to protect him in case of need.
A small surveying patty was sent out, and on
reaching the coast was treacherously attacked
at a disadvantage. Ample opportunity was
given for an explanation, and apology for the
insult; neither came. A force was then land
ed, and after an arduous march over a rugged
and difficult country, the forts from which the
outrage had been committed, were reduced bv
a gallant assault, and were destroyed. H iv
ing thus punished the criminals, and having
vindicated the honor of the Hag, the expedition
returned, finding it impracticable under the
circumstances to conclude the desired conven
tion. I respectfully refer to the correspondence
relatiug thereto, herewith submitted, and leave
the subject for such action as (\mgress may see
fit to take.
MEXICO.
The Republic of Mexico lias not yet repealed
i In- very objectionable laws establishing what
i- known as the “Free Zona,” on the frontier
I tin- 1 nip d States, it is hoped that this may
yet he done, and also that more stringotp
measures may be taken by that Republic for i
■"training lawless persons on its frontiers.
hope ihat M. \ico by its own action will soon
relieve this government of the diJllctiltie* ex
perienced from these causes.
s,»' tU AMERICAN REPUBLICS.
<>ur relation* with the various republics
Central and Smith Am*--rn-.i continue with on*
exception to he cordial and friendly. I rccom
T,iend some action by Cm.giv.s -Warding the
<>ver-due instalments under tie- award of tie
Venezuela laims Commission of isc,»;. The in
ternal dissensions of that countrs present no
justification for the. absence of an effort nn t
their solemn treaty obligations.
The ratifieation of an extradition treaty ,\,H|
Nicaragua has been exchanged.
It -object for eongratulation that the great
Umpire of Brazil has taken the initiatory step
towards the abolition of slavery. >nr relations
with tie Umpire, always cordial, will naturally
i be made more -o t>y this act. it is not too mtirii
j to hope that tie (iovcrinnent of Brazil may
Iiereatter tind it for their interest, as well as in
trinsieully right to advance towards entire
emancipation more rapidly than the present a. t
contemplates.
The true prosperity and ^reatnesSjOf u nation
is to be foiwid m the elevation and education u!
i its laborers.
WF.s'l INDUS SLAVERY.
It is t subject of regret that the reform in
this direction which were voluntarily promised
j by the -talesmen of Spain has not been carried
out in its West India colonies. The laws and
regulations tor the apparent abolition of slavery
in Cuba and Porto Rico leave most of the labor
rs in bondage, with no hope of release until
their lives become a burden to their employers
I desire your attention to the fact that citiZen*
<>f the Fnited “states, or persons claiming to P<
j citizens of the United States, are large holder-.
1 in foreign lands, of this species of property
forbidden by the fundamental law of their a.
lege 1 country. 1 recommend to Congress t
provide by stringent legislation, a suitab
remedy against the holding, owning or dealing
u slaves, or being interested in slave properl
n foreign lands, either as owners, hirers ot
mortgagees, by citizens d the United State*
“UK J»IS1 RHA\. KS IN C'L’Iil,
it is P. be regr -tfed that the disturbed eon 1
tion of \iic Island of ui>a continues to be
source annoyance and of anxiety. Hie exis
tence d a protracted struggle in such close
proximity our own territory, without any
app irr-ut pu spect of an early termination, can
not be other than an object of concern to a peo
pic who, while abstaining from interference in
the affairs of other powers, naturally desiro to
see very country in the undisturbed enjoyment
of peace, liberty, and the blessings of free iuste
tutieiis. our naval commander* in Cuban wa
ters hav. been instructed, in case it should be
come necessary, to «p uv no etfort to protect the
lives and property of bona fide American eiti
/ens. and to maintain the dignity of the flag.
It is hoped that all pending questions with
Spain growing out of affairs in Uuba may be
A'l/iHted in the spirit of peace and conciliation
wiiich In- hitherto guided the two powers in
the treatment of such questions.
I.i;«iA I ION'S VI CHINA VXD JAl'AN—PAMIKU
MKAM I,INKS.
I giv.- Importance and to add t-< the ertieiauey
*>f our diplomatic, relations with Japan un t
liin i, and to furthei aid n retaining the good
opinion of Ui.s*' i oples, .in I to secure to »he
lrnited Slates its •dim* of ..mmereo des
tine.1 to tlovv heivvcn Hi.- nation* and tie
balance of the commercial world, I earnestly
l recommend that an apropriation be made b*
support at !eu<t four American youths ineach**!
those countries, to serve as a part of the otti tal
I f uni ies ..f mir Ministers there. >ui represen
j tativ* s would not even then he placed upon an
j e.juality with l.h-' representativ* s of Ure;*t But
i ain and of some oilier powers. A*' now situate*!
i our representatives in Japan and <hina lmv-» to
-lepend l«*r inti prefers and transl itors upon the
natives of tln.se countries who know our Ian
I image imperfect I v. or procure for the occasion
‘he sfrvi -s mo v n foreign business
I lions, s. nr the intenua ters to other foreign mtn
1 isters.
I I would also p-commend liberal measures for
1 t! ptirpo' *>t -iip|)orting thAmerican lines
i of steamers now plying between *Wn Francis
md Japan vn*l Ti iei. m l the \>istraliau lines
—almost our onlv remaining lines of ocean
steamers md of increasing their services.
rilK \ATI«»Nvr I»KBT.
The National debt has been reduced to Mi
ni. n: *f 7 liib.-o during Me year, and by
tie- negotiation ol national bonds at a low.
•-.ate f mt. rest, th interest on the public debt
ia- o far diminished that now the sum l*>
j rai'c! for the interest account >s nearly 617
i ooii.ooo than on the lliwt -*f March, 1S«»U. I
w a highly d«-iia that this rapid diminution
I should take ph. both t<* strengthen the credit
j of i he country and to convince its citizens .*i
i tli* ir n 11- abiiil” t-» nieei **v-rv dollar o( i'.
I liability without bankrupting them; nut in view
j of the accomplishment of these desirable ends.
I >>f the rapid development of the resources *t
in- eoni'.try. it> increasing ability to meet
Large demands, and tin* amount already pai
i it is not d*'sirab!.* that tli.* pres.-nt resources
the country should <"ntinue to be taxed in oi
I .ler to ••ontinti this ra;*i I payment.
KV Ml I< C. l VKirr vNl> I AXvUoN'.
I therefore i a modiUrntum
both the lariil ait11 internal t.av law-. 1 reborn
iiirii.l that all taves from Hr* intrrnitl service t«
aholishod.cvcppt those collected from spirituous
inoiH and malt liquors, In their various fom-,
ami from stamp*.
In readjusting Up* tarill. 1 suggest that a caiv
till stimuli- he in ulf "i tin1 mount of surplus
I revenih -'ll. l. d mi-!, r tii-' |*r«--**nt laws, uttn
providing for tin cum ut evpens.n ot the <iov
eminent, tin interest, aeeount ami the sinking
j f1111• 1. ami that the business surplus he* reduced
in sueli a manner as will afford the greatest i
lift' to tin- greatest number. There are many
articles not produced at lnom1. hut which elitei
j 'argely into general consumption through aru
i eles which arc manufactured at home, such as
j medicines c.impounded A a from win* i*
I very little revenue is derive I, b it which i ut* i
ii11•» g-uieral u-' A1 such articles 1 rec on
mend lie place I .,n the free list If a fimh-i
i lu-'fioti sin ml 1 re.- ,.|v isahle 1 would then
v >m111c ml that m <do up u those art., '.es
1 which an best hear it without disturbing home
production or redming the wages of American
i labor.
I have not entere i into figures, because to 1
i so would h" to repeat what, will be laid helot
you in the report of tin* Secretary of the Trea
-tin.
rfSioM Ip O' S!-' I'M-'I.t >lt:N!S.
T'c present law ho c.diei ling the revcuue
i pay ilie-tors "f !istems .-mall sahiries.hu1
provide tor ime. fv >.h 11 in all seizures, whieh
at the principal ports of enter practically nils,
tlm i etM.rn vil on of this- otlhials to a large
>um. It has always seemed to me as it th's
system tntid at tiim*s work pernit ioti.slf. 1'
i holds out an inducement to dishonest men
-hoiild such g< t pos-cs^ion of t'n*sc oMl'es, i
he lav in tiieir serutin> 0 good* entered, to
enable them finally to make large vizur,
Your attention is respeetfully invited to this
I subject.
I CRAIM tl> r.Kl'l liN Inspp. lM l'VYMI'MS
riu- i mtimmd tin. uatioiis m th* alu
gold as compared with tin* nation.,! urretlr}
?1 s a most damaging efle i on the :m-reuse an t
i development if the •.uinfrt in k plug up th
pries of all arti- s n -»r\ m cv.-rv day lit
If foyers a spni gambling prehnIieiul tiliki
lo u i:'-n* t's and the national lin an e,. 11
rite m ni ill be met as to IloW to gel a lilted
•milue to nr euneiiev, thut value constantly
and unihomlv approaching par with specie, a
v, i v desirable object will be gained.
111r, vRsn
l*'or tin* operations of the army in the pa
y. ar. tin- expense of maintaining the e„tim*t*
j tor the ensuing veal and for continuing
j coast and other improvements conducted undei
the supervision of the War department. I iclei
you to the a mipanyitig report of the Seereturv
of War. I •■all vour adontion »o th« provisions
of the act of <'ongres.s approved March ad, IStjn,
whieh discontinues promotions in the start
corps of the Anns until pr-v led for bv law
1 recommend that the number ot otlleer* in
each grade ,i tin* stall corps be lived, and th*'
whenever the number in any one grade falls
I b. low the number so lived, that the vacancy
I may he tilled promotion from the grade be
low. I ima recommend that wIimi the .oh e ,i
child of a corps he* ones vacant, the place mav
he tilled by selection from the corps in which
the aeaii- v evists.
1 MK NAVY.
The report of the Secretary tlie Navy show
an improvement In the numb.a and efficiency
f tie naval force, without material increase in
1 the expense of supporting it. This is hie i
I the policy which has been adopted, and is I
I ing extend as far a** our material will adruii
j using smaller vessels as cruisers on the several
I stations. By this means w* are cii.tMcd to
cupy at "i e a larger oxt< nt of 'ruining groun 1
I i<» i-it more li- .juenllv the ports where the
presence ot mu llag is de*irabl«. and generally
to di-charge more efficiently tin* appropriate
duties of the nav\ in time of peace, without e\
ceding the number of men or the expenditures
authorized by law.
During the past year the navy has, in addition
to its regular service, supplied the men and ot
tieefs for the vessels of the coast survey, which
completed the surveys authorized by Googres*
on tin Minimus of Darien and Tehuantepe*
i and under like authority’ has sent out an ex
pedition, completely furnished and e*pnppod t
explore the unknown ocean of the north. Th
suggestion of the report as to tin* necessity 1
increasing and improving the material of tie
navy, and the plan recommended for reducing
the personal*? of the sen ice to a peace standard,
by the gradual abolition of certain grades ot
officers, the reduction of others, and the em
ployment ot some in the commercial marine,
are'well considered, and deserve the thoughtful
attention of (’ongres- 1 also recommend that
all promotion in the nay above the rank of
captain he by seleeiion, instead of by' seniority.
Tin's course' will ore in the higher grades
greater efficiency :u> i hold an incentive to young
officers to improy. themselves in the knowledge
r.f their profession. The present cost of main
taming the navy, its cost compared with that of
the proceeding year, and the estimates for the
ensuing year are contained In the accompany
ing report of the Secretary of the Navy
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The enlarged receipts of the Post Office De
psrtment, as shown bv the accompanying re
port of the Post Master General, exhibit a grat
ifving increase in that branch of the public ser
vice. It is an index of the growth of education
and of the prosperity of the people, tyvo ele
j ments highly conducive to the vigor and stahll