THE FATE OF A BALLOONIST.
A Tall from a Mile Height.
5*.»«>!i, Imt., Oct. Correspondence of the New
York World.]
Should I 1 i\:* to he a hundred years old
tin horrible scone witnessed by me on
Saturday last will never be elVaeed from
my memory. 1 see it betoro me now, and
mice that day have been haunted ever
mice in dreams by a sea of upturned faces
and anguished eyes, straining to watch in
iis descent through the air the body ot a
human being, which in n tew seconds was
dashed, mangled ami bleeding, upon the
earth, at my feet 1 would have written
:11 it before’, but the sight so unstrung my
nerves that 1 \va< rendered utterly inca
pable ven of collecting my thoughts,
much less of putting on paper a deliber
ate account of the tacts in the case. To
~ee a man whom scarcely a minute before
l had spoken to as a friend, jerked up in
to the clouds, and then hurled down again,
his hair streaming wildly behind him, like
that of Lucifer hurled over the battle
ments of Ilcavcn, falling, falling, whirl
'll, doubled up, and then spread out, his
arms apart as if rushing *o embrace death,
might well unstring the strongest nerves:
and when to this are added the agonized
erics of the dying man’s wife as she
clutched niv arm and shrieked, “MyGod!
niv (iod, will he die?" 1 wonder that
even A» t. with these things in my mind, 1
mi able to record what 1 heard, felt and
i\v. Von have doubtless received by
telegraph a brief despatch telling how
IVof. Wilbur, the well-known aeronaut,
fell while attempting to climb into* his
balloon, and how he was killed, but facts
meagre a‘v out an aggravation.
w ill therefore slate the allair simply as k
occurred. Tar Agricultural Association
Y this county had been bolding its an
nual fair lor some days, and no greater
mu-rest attached to it than is commonly
iMineded with siieli exhibitions ot the in
dustrial products ot a large and llourish
i i: community. 'flu* farmers came in
their wagons, bringing with them their
u and daughter.", all dressed in as
eu genus array as their circumstances
would permit. The large pumpkins and
enormous squashes, the new patent churn
md washing-machine, and the country
lounging about and gazing in open
mouthed admiration of tlie voluble gen
tleman who displayed with all the elo
quence of a Cicero ids infallible toothache
r.idieator. received their due share ot at
11 nti-»n, and before long the interest in the
1 i. was on the wane. But it had been
omouneed that oil Saturday, the la-t day
i tin- exhibition. Prof. Wilbur, the great
\nu lean a ronaut, would make an ascent
in hi" balloon, as he had done one week
•tore at Croydon. It is not often that the
Inhabitant" of trange county have an op
i> .rtunity of witnessing such a sight, and,
e mos’ny being on tip-toe. it is not to be
wondeied at that when Saturday arrived
the tail1 ground was lull almost to snll'o
it ion, while on the ouCide of the en
closure a barge crowd had assembled to
witness the tlight of the great "hip of the
i i; It was tlie great e."t davol'the week:
v erviiody wa~ in holidav dre«, the girls
•■Ted their prettiest, the farmers their
ni“ t ll*aid, and tin* country beaus avciv
■••neektied and inv< steil in colors vicing
ict only with the rainbow, but Avith the
utmost powers of anoline. The centre of
attraction was, ol course, tin enclosed
-pace where the balloon Avast** be inflat
ed, about which gathered an eager crowd.
“••king at CAerything connected with the
expected event, studying the ropes, peer
ing about to find where the gas was to
conn* from, and pestering the amiable
tY“ 1 e"v(>r Avilh questions as to how the
gas Avas made, what made the balloon go
up and other things of the sort. The
Professor laughed good-naturedly, ex
plained as much as possible, and every
body was jolly in the anticipation of wit
nessing that to them most unusual ot
things a balloon ascension. At about
•I o'clock in the afternoon the inflation of
flic balloon was commenced, and as the
bag swelled out almost to bursting and
struggled to be free, everybody was on
the 'ini those remote from the spot
straining their necks, climbing into car
riages, and even upon the, fences, to see
the car. It bad been announced that the.
alitor oi 11n-( i]|.>, minty i moil would
accompany Prof. Wilbur in 1»is ascent,
ami great tilings wen* expected from the
report which his well-known ability as a
descriptive writer gave every ieason to
believe would be forthcoming in the next
is "tie of his m-w -paper. I was standing
i.e-i*le the Professor. laughing and hold
ing a neee-sarily disjointed conversation
with him. for he was busy with prepara
tions for hi- Might. I le had ju-t nodded
lii- head and said laughingly. Well,
good-bye, old fellow, PU see you again
-mm.” Then Mr. Knapp Mopped into the
iar, a lid the Professor, who had hold of
the rope fastening tin* ear to the body of
i lie balloon, shouted. “Pet go!” But he
nad spoken to -oou and was unable to
iea«*h the ear, but -till unwisely kept, the
rope in his hand and endeavored to climb
to Ids place, succeeding only so tar as t o
get one arm fiver the rim ot the basket,
vhere he hung dangling and struggling.
Hi- motions and the fact that the basket
came in contact with a rope that had fast
ened the balloon to the earth while it was
being in Hated, upset the ear when it was
about twenty-live tee! from the ground,
and Mi Knapp fell aimed to the ground.
But there wa- no time for caring Ibr him.
!m• terror held everybody spell-bound. A
-limit of admiration went up trom those
who were too Iar distant from the s> cue
to know that an accident had befallen tin*
adventurers, and who supposed that the
a-ecnl was I., ing made sum ft (ontn Icnf/i*.
But to those in the immediate vicinity of
ih*- ear the sight was an awful one, and
lor a moment everybody seemed paralyz
ed with terror, and stood rooted to the
■pot without itteiing cry or word. The
balloon, lightened l>v the tall ol Mr.
Knapp, shot upward with dreadfully iu
eivased velocity, and a scream of terror
which chilled the blood of the hearers
came down from the upper air, where the
doomed a ronaut hung utterly hopeless ot
escaping death. At my side stood a wo
man who. as I afterwards heard, was the
Pro!e-"'or\s wife. Her eyes were bursting
trom their sockets, and her face pallid and
ghastly with tear. Sin* clutched the air
a- if for support, and with one hand
grasped my arm, still looking upwards
at the balloon, which, swifter than an
arrow, shot through the air, l'p, up it
vent, growing smaller and smaller in its
Might, and then, with fnereased velocity it
gave a sudden start and -hot yet faster to
wards the clouds. Then a speck was
-'•en far up in the air, growing larger and
larger as it fell. my Hod,” cried the
woman, who clung tome with iron grasp,
ho will die- lie will be killed!” Yet
her eyes remained fixed upon the falling
body. At tirst it seemed like the stick of
a rocket, coming down with the speed of
agin turn it was uounicu tip 11 k<■ a nan,
I lien seemed to unfold, ami whirling about
with a gyratory motion, with ham's and
legs spread out. It seemed an age while
the man was falling, for before he loosen
ed his grasp tho balloon must have been
at least a mile from the earth—and what
an age to that poor wife who watched her
husband rushing towards her and death
with the speed of light. When about half
a mile from the ground bis body ceased
its gyratory motion, assumed a perpen
dicular position and came down head lirst.
II struck the earth some distance from us,
and then rebounded, falling again within
a lew feet from where it struck. Then,
from paralyzed fear, (lie crowd broke
forth into shrieks of terror, women ran
wildly about screaming and actually tear
ing their hair, and a rush was made lor
the spot where the man struck the ground.
There was an indentation not less then
eight or ten inches deep, and tilled with
blood and brains which had burst from
the skull, when, like a cannon ball let
drop from an immense height, it crushed
into the earth. The dead man was then
taken up and parried to the Albert House,
where tile poor wife, who had often sate
ly traversed the air with her husband,
eared for it. The excitement in the town
was of the most fearful and intense de
scription, as may readily be believed.
Those who had come out for pleasure, re
turned home in sorrow, and the town
wore the aspect of a place which had been
visited by some fearful calamity in which
its own interests had suffered. There was
uo more of the fair that day.
TERRIBLE FIRE IN CHICAGO
Nearly the whole City Destroyed.
A lire broke out about 11 o’eloek on Sat
urday night,in aplaningmill, nearClinton
street, Chicago, and spread with terrible
rapidity among the wooden buildings and
lumber yards. The prevailing drought,
which bail made the buildings as dry as
tinder, with the lack of water, tended to
aid the flames, which raged almost with
out hindrance A dispatch of Sunday
morning says—
The inmates of many of the houses, started
from slumber, had hardly time to rush out in
their scanty night attire, leaving their house
hold goods to destruction. In several instances
children were hastily wrapped in blankets and
quilts to break their fall and thrown from
second story windows to the ground. When
the alarm was sounded for this lire another of
considerable magnitude was burning on Wall
-Ireot. near Adams. Several engines was
necessarily kept at work upon this lire. The
rest of the engines in the city were soon on the
ground, hut before they arrived the lire had
spread over so large an area and was so rapidly
spreading that their efforts seemed of little
avail.
iseiwcen anal street auu iue river were
1 several lumber yards, which were entirely de
j stroyed. At this hour the fire has made a clean
sweep from Van Buren street north two blocks
to Adams, and west to ('Minton street. Three
block- from the river, between Van Buren and
i Jackson streets, are burning, and the wood
work of the western approach to the Adams
-treet bridge i> destroyed. A large coal yard
containing thousands of tons of soft eoal, and
situated between the track ot the Chicago and
Alton ami Fitchburg and Fort Wayne railroads.
I is on lire and burning furiously.
l’lie depot ot tin* Pittsburg. Foi t Wayne and
Chicago ;md the Vlton and St. Louis Railroads
i- situated north of Adams, and betwyn Canal
street and the river. One of the buildings, a
light wooden structure occupied as an express
"iliue, was in llames at midnight, and is tin*
douhtedlv destroyed. The scenes in the vicinity
I ..f the conflagration are indescribable. One
j half of the population of the city seems gathered
i there. Tugs in the river are engaged in towing
I i<> :i of safety the vessels moored in the
neighborhood, while locomotives are hastily
pulling out ears standing on the track in flames.
At last Ibis tire was o(,t under control.
Bui immediately another conflagration
broke out in the Western Bivision, which
soon became more formidable than the
lirsl one. Wo copy from the dispatches—
Ciik’aoo, Oct. !•.—l.-lo A. M. To-night is
the most fearful in tin* annals of the city. The
lire which commenced at 10 P. M., ha-already
swept over a space of at least three times as
large as that of last night, and is still rushing
on with greater fury than has marked any stage
of it- progress. The engines appear almost
powerless. Fire marshal Williams has just
telegraphed to Milwaukee lor all the steamers
they can span*.
The conflagration has already devastated at
le:i-t twenty blocks, mostly composed of the
-mailer class of dwellings inhabited b\ poor
people. Not less than three hundred buildings
i have been entirely destroyed, and more than
that number of families rendered homeless.
The wind is Mowing almost a gale from the
south and showers of-park- and burning brands 1
are sweeping over the city threatening destruc
tion on every hand. The tower of the court
house caught lire from flying brands, but was
extinguished by the watchman. No description
can give an adequate idea of the terrible scene.
The lire started in a row of two story wooden
tenements on Dekoven street, be twee:; Jeffer
son and Minton, and. as was the ea*e last night,
"pread with terrible rapidity. Before a single
engine could get on the road’half the block was
in Dailies and burning furiously. M’lie entire
department were soon on the ground and at
work. For a time it seemed probable that they
wmild succeed in confining it to Ibur or live
block-. M’lie wind was blowing fiv-My when
tli lire spirted and increased to a gale, and
suddenly the llames -ecined to spread in every
divert ion, becoming beyond the control of the
lire department.
SI A OXI) 1*1-1* VTC1L
V M. M’he fire i- slid raging with increas
ed fury, and has spread almost with the velocity
"l the wind and has now reached West Monroe
-treet. a distance of more than a mile from
where ii started, and covers a breadth of nearly 1
half a mile, reaching from the river to Jeflersoii
-fleet, l’lie district already burnt embraces an
immense number of lumber yards and freight i
depots of the Chicago and St. Louis and Pitts
burg, Fort Wayne and Chicago Railroads. The
property already destroyed counts many
millions ot dollars, and perhaps the half is not
lold. I lie task ot arresting the llames now
-eem- live fold greater than an hour ago, and
no one dare venture an opinion as to when or
where it will stop.
mum mspATcir.
"I( u;n, Oct.'.*-•2 A. M. Tin* tin* to-night
i< 11*«- most terrible in the annals ot Chicago.
It has already swept over twenty blocks, and
i> raging with unabated fury under a tierce
southern gale. The eitv is in ;i panic, and the
l*< an* rushing to and fro in the streets in
tei'nUc excitement. Trains have been sent to
neighboring cities for "team lire engines, as our
f<*rce is powerless.
I lie tin* ha> now extended a mile from where
it.started. Dekoven street, and has reached the
vicinity of the legegraph otliee. opposite the
Court House, and is a mile wide. The tele
graph otliee is threatened with destruction.
«me ot the tinest blocks in the eitv, opposite
that otliee. B now on lire. The lire ha* crossed
hie ago Biver. The wind spreads the tire in
all directions.
rot am dispatch.
2.10 A. M. The flames an* raging with in
ei aved fury in every direction, and Hod's
iic n v can **nlv save the city from utter de
struction. A fearful panic prevails all through
the streets where the people are rushing to and
lio and weeping and wailing. The tin* is ap
proaching the telegraph otliee and it will
probably have soon to be vacated. Brands
from the lire were blown across to the east side
•I the river and set a wooden building on tire
directly opposite the Chicago gas house, and
the flumes spread in every direction among the
adjoining". The prospects are that the gas
house will be destroyed and the eitv wrapped
in darkness.
A terrible panic is prevailing throughout the
iiy. A Input everybody, men, women and
children :m* jn fj10 streets. It now looks as if
(be whole city might be destroyed. Barge num
bers ot lives have been lost, but how many can
be known until the lire has been arrested.
'I he alarm hell has just conmienced ringing
i an inen*a"ing peal, which is intended to call
e'ery sleeper irom his bed The panic is in
creasing and the people seem almost crazy with
alarm. The vessel" in the river an* catching tire
in every direction, and all on the South river
will probably be destroyed. A raging, roaring
bell ot lire envelopes twenty blocks ot* the eitv.
It i- already scorching tin* block of the tele
graph otliee where this despatch is written, and
"Weeping onward a whirlwind of flames against
which human eflbrts are fruitless, and it is im
possible to tell where it will stop. The bridge
aeross an Buren street is burned. The ears
«*u the track of the Chicago and Alton and Fort
Wayne, railroads, with their freight houses, are
swept away. Thousands of people till the
"treet", rustling out of their dwellings in many
instances barely in time to save their lives.
The block immediately across the street Irom
the telegraph office, one o| the finest in the eitv,
is now m flames.
2.1* A. M. The operators are leaving the
Western Fnion Telegraph office, but will pro
bably open communication at some other point
in the c ty.
nn Aco.Oet. 0, 10 A. M. The entire busi
ness portion of the city is destroyed, all the
Bank". Express and Telegraph oliie.es, all the
newspaper offices except the Tribune, six Ele
vators and the Water Works have been burned.
There is no water in the city and not less than
ten thousand buildings have already been de
i royed.
1 lie tire lias burned a distance of five miles,
and i> still raging. The wind is blowing a gale,
and il will bit impossible to get any reliable de
tailed particulars for some time, as there is only
one telegraph wire working, and that only to
the suburbs.
OXCINNATI, Ohio, Oet. The Mnvor lms
telegraphed the Mayor of Chicago offering the
serviees of the tire department if needed. It is
reported that many houses have been blown up
in the effort lo stem the conflagration, but with
out effort. A mass meeting is being held here,
presided over by (Jov, Haves, for the relief of
;the Chicago sufferers.
Jln i'ALO, N. V., Oct. J). The following par
ticulars ,>f the great lire at Chicago, are obtain
ed from A. N. Crittenden, operator of the West
ern Union Telegraph Co. in Chicago, who just
arrived at Englewood, 111., seven miles south
east of Chicago.
Mr. Crittenden left the city on an engine at
tf.so this_ morning.
The lire commenced about nine o’clock last
night near the corner of Jefferson and Deleva.,
streets, and swept everything before it, takin^
a northeasterly course through the central part
of the city. The Court House, Western Union
Telegraph office, hotels, banks and apparently
everything within half a mile west of the Court
House, and as far south as Polk street, and
probably west of State street, and perhaps east
of that, are all destroyed.
The tire now rages on the north side, east of
Weils street, extending up to Chicago avenue
m a northeasterly direction. It is being check
ed to the windward on the south and west sides.
I he wind seems to blow hard and to he chang
ing toward the south.
I think the tire reaches toward the great
cntral Depot, and that it is probably destroy
ed. he Lake Shore and Michgan Southern,
and the Kock Island Railroad depots, the Citv
Water Works, the Tremont House, Sherman
House, Crosby Opera House, &c., are union"
the buildings destroyed. The elevators on
Main and River streets must have been burned
as the tire was raging on both sides at seven
o’clock this morning when I was there. Thou
sands of people are homeless, and tin losses
will exceed fifty millions of dollars.
Englewood, 10 miles from Chicago, )ct. 9—
1! J^* ^,ie wo,'k devastation continues.
More than one-half of the city is already de
stroyed, and the flames continue their ravages
almost unopposed. At about one o'clock this
morning the lire crossed the river at Adams
street bridge, and soon destroyed the gas works
and then spread itself in every direction. At
tills hour almost every building, from Harrison
street north to the Chicago river, is destroyed,
including all the insurance offices, banks, hotels,
telegraph offices, newspaper establishments,
with the exception of the Tribune office, which
is tire-proof, the Court House, Sherman House,
Tremont House, Palmer House, new Pacific
Hotel, new Bigelow Hotel, and in fact, every
thing else is swept clear. The district embraces
all the heavy business houses in the city. The
rain of lire and brimstone on Sodom ami Gom
orrah can hardly be compared to the devastat
ing rain of the tire liend in Chicago.
More than one-half of the population are now
rushing through the streets in vehicles, which
arc obtained at enormous prices, on foot, and in
every other way, with the choicest household
treasure in their arms and on their backs, in
utter confusion not knowing whither to go.
Fearful suffering must follow, and almost im
mediately. Full 1 ">0,000 people are at this mo
ment homeless and houseless, not knowing
where to lay their heads or get anything to sat
isfy the cravings of hunger,
Cincinnati, O., Oct. 0. The following tele
gram has Iteen iorwarded to the Treasurer of
the Western Fnion Telegraph Company:
Chicago, Oct. 0, isti.
One third of the city is in ruins. All banks,
insurance offices, warehouses and elevators
have been destroyed. Fully ten thousand
j buildings have been burned. The lire is -till
raging and the wind i- blowing a gale.
(signed,) BANK IN. Manager.
The Mayors of nearlv all the Western cities
have proffered relief and assistance to the
Mayor of Chicago. The Chief Fngineer of the
Cincinnati Fire Department with three engines
and hose ears, has started for Chicago.
A mass meeting of railroad Presidents and
prominent merchants of Cincinnati is now be
ing held at the Chamber of Commerce to take
measures for the relief of the sufferers.
ruin huk raktiuui.vr.s,
Nkw Yoiik, Oct. 1ft. A Chicago special to
the Times, dated 2:20 this morning, contains
the following additional news:
The present loss is estimated at Irom $100,
000,000 to $200,000,000. The so-called •‘tire
proof' buildings burned like tinder, especially
the bank-, not one ot which remains. Few
business men saved even their papers. The
whole population was busy all night and the
streets are now like a bivouac with sleeping
men.
mi: loss <>i i.ire
is impossible to estimate. 1ml a largo number <>l
liremen an* known to have been killed. The
shipping ordered into the North brunch oft he
river was sent adritt into Lake Michigan, many
vessels were burned. All business is suspend
ed ami must remain so for the present. Tre
menduous efforts were made to save the Tri
bune and Post as well as the City Hall and
the (Jo'vrument buildings, but nothing re
mains out blackened stones and crackling cin
der-. No papers can be published until type j
comes from elsewhere, a- the type foundries
arc also burned.
the oric.ix or the j iue
was in a stable where a woman look a kerosene
lamp at milking time.
The firemen all did their duty nobly, but the
streams of water on the burning blocks were
like fountain jets against the awful beat oft lie
conflagration. The new hotel eight or nine
stories high, just completed, sent up a pyramid
of solid flame, making the water of Lake Mich
igan rubv-eoloivd for miles. The burning
bridges along the river were swinging gracefu I
arches ol lire trom shore to shore. The burning
ships sailed in crimson waters. All the hurdl
es m the South di\ Lion, the \»nwnt of Mercy,
all the railroad buildings and the princely man- j
sions on .Michigan and Wabash Avenues are j
gone. The Yen pavements are burned. Uu-
mor says now that
AXOTHEli 11KE j
has broken out in Hyde Park, a southern su* I
burl*, and is moving north. If this be true the j
destruction of the remaining portion of the
Southern division cannot be prevented.
100 stp vein ake \lki:ai»y hi k\i:i>
in the Southern division. 'The population will
probably be reduced fifty thousand in a month
Business men cannot re<u me unless substantial j
help i> sent from the Last and Wot. bun-
dred thousand employees engaged in mercan
tile business are out of employment 'The
-treet- l ading to the unburut portion of the j
sotiili part oftlie city, and all leading to the one
unbroken bridge west are completely blocked
by a 11 kinds i-t vehicles, carrying sick and injur-
d people and blackened furniture. The county
records are safe but the city records are lost.
Mayor Mason has received dispatches trom
St. Louis, Milwaukee. Detroit, Louisville and j
elsewhere, in«|iiiring what they shall send. He j
asks for cooked food for loo.ooo houseless per-
sons.
fhe Fire Checked at Last.
New \oi:K,Oet. 10—it a. in. The following
good news is just received: --St. Louis lias just
had communication with Chicago, and report*
that there was a heavy rain there Iasi night and I
the tire is out.”
extisa folicf.
Chicago. Oct. lo. Fifteen 1mm I ml citizens
were >w«»rn in last night as an «*xtra police
tone, ami the Secretary of war authorized (Jen.
Sheridan to employ ail available troop- for i
guard, and i-siml an or ler lbr gno.ono ration-. 1
Five hundred soldiers are on dut\
fiui: i ii ni>s i.\i kndinc tin: onfi \<;ija-'
tion. i
i This precaution was n> i-y. r.»i. ivi.i.u-L- I
able a- i! may seem, tliere were tlends who
-till sought to extend the di-aster. Two liends
caught in the a«d of tiring a Imu-e on the W» -t I
side were arrested and immediately
HI ND lo I V.Ml* I*OST'
one on lbth Street near the-rivor. and the other
tln-ce miles awav, in Claiborne A\enue, North
>idc. This summary action In- checked the
thieves and murder; rs.
i»i:sri:ii*iion of i hi: i iuk.
Ciiu ,\(ii i, Oct. 10. The following reliable
and graphic dcs< ription of the lire i- furnished
by a gentleman who participated in the work
of subduing the llaim-
Nolle but an eye witiie-s call form any idea j
ol tin* fury and power of tin* lire ticinl as’in* re-
voile*l m palatial building- and warehouses oil
the South side. with the wind blowing a hurri
cane at tunes. Jt -eemed |l>ul the work of a
monn-nt for the lire to enter the south ends of
buildings fronting on Randolph. Lake and Wa
ter Streets, and reappear at the north doors and
windows, belching forth in tierce llames which
often licked the opposite buildings, and then the
Names, i-siiing forth from tin* buildings on both
ides of the street, would unite and present a
solid ai \s.s of FUJI
completely tilling the street from side to side,
and shooting upwards an hundred feet i ito the
air above tin hou-e tops. Thus street after
street ’tilled .with Name. Huge walls would
fall without, apparently giving any sound, in
tin- roar of the tierce Names.
i in-: siff i ion.
I In- arrival of firemen and engines from .Mil
waukee, Si. Louis, Cincinnati, l>a.yLon and
I other cities has apparently restored confidence,
and there was an inexpressible pleasure in see
jog these .experienced firemen go right to work
in a business like way, where work was mosl
needed, 'flu* vast plain is covered with people
j wandering about seeing the evidence of a
wealth that has completely vanished in Haines
and smoke. A few business men with some
ner\e are seeking houses for business on the
west -Rle. Rooms that were rented last week
for $f>o now readily command sGoo; there arc
not many of these, hut enough to allow a few
business men to start. The newspapers will he
started again in a few days. Water for drink
ing and household use is secured from the Lake
and the parks, and for horses from the river.
I here are a thousand people camped about the
arteshm wells, four miles out, and perhaps as
many more at tin* lake and on Fullerton and
u tor avenues, near the prairie. The people
are being fed in the remaining churches, and
school houses, in sheds and by ihe roadsides. It
was cold and chilly this morning, causing great
suNoring. It is now clearing up again hut in
stead o! this being welcome, the people are
praying constantly tor more rain, so tearful
are they of a continuance of the Names, 'l'his
is the situation.
1 UK TOTAL LOSS.
Oiicauo, 10. A enrol(iI survey of Insur
ances to-day, shows that then* were written on
the property destroyed over $*.*00.000,00o; add
another $100,000,000, and a fair estimate can he
reached of the loss.
LOSS OF LIKE.
It is estimated that not less than live hundred
persons perished in the llames.
What Constitutes an American
Suit. Two ships are to be built at Port
land, a s iburb of St. John, N. under
rather peculiar circumstances The keels
and frames wen*^prepared in East Boston,
and are to be brought to New Brunswick,
where they will be set up and the ships
built and completed. It is understood
that the reason for this is, that by this
means the vessels can claim registry in
the United States as being American bot
toms. There never was an act passed, it
has been said, through which a coach and
six could not be driven, and it will be a
lucky day for some ol the ship-yards ol
the Dominion if this evasion of the naviga
tion laws of the United States should prove
successful. With the facilities for build
ing wooden ships which we possess, and
the much greater cheapness with which
they can be turned out, it is not difficult
to see that this would only be a beginning
of a lucrative trade, in spite ol' what
must seem absurd restrictions against the
ship-owners. It is not likely, however,
that such a state of things will be allow
ed to continue long, unless a change
comes over the policy of the United
States Congress. [Montreal Gazette.
Democratic Mayor in Savannah.
Savannah, 9.
Municipal election in Savannah, Mon
day, was quiet. The democratic ticket,
with Col. John Screven for Mayor, was
elected here by 2000 majority. Over halt
the negroes are supposed to have voted
the democratic ticket!
Z. Pope ose and J. Porter, have purchased
the Rockland Gazette.
REPUBLICAN JOURNAL.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1871.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY MORNING
BY
WILLIAM II. SIMPSON.
EDITOR ANI) PROPRIETOR,
Subscription Terms. In advance, $2.00 a year;
within the year, $2.50; at the expiration of the
year, $2.00.
Advertising Terms, For one square, (one
inch oi length in coiuiun,) $1.25 for three weeks,
and 25 cents lor each subsequent insertion. AHrac
tion ol a square charged as a lull one.
Administrators. Executors and Guardians
desiring their advertisements published in the
Journal, will please so state to the Court.
SUBSCRIBERS desiring to have the address of
papers changed, must state the Post Office to which
the paper has been scut as well as to which it is
to go.
■W S. M. Pkttenoii.l Co., (5 State St., Boston
and 37 Park Itow, New York, ;tu our authorized
Agents for procuring subscriptions and iorwardiug
advertisements.
H. Niles, No. 1 Scollay’s Building, Court
St., Boston, is authorized to receive advertisements
tor this paper.
C. Evans, 100 Washington Street, is an
authorized agent tor this paper.
p. Rowell Co., 40 Park Row, New
York, will receive advertisements for this paper, at
the lowest rates. Their orders will receive prompt
attention.
Horace Doi>i>, 121 Washington St., Boston,
is an authorized Agent lor the Journal.
Subscribers are requested to take notice of the date
on the colored slips attached to the paper. It is the
only form of receipt now used. For instance, 15
May 71. means that the subscription is paid to that
dale. When a new payment is made, the date will
be immediately changed to correspond, and thus a
receipt in lull is sent with every paper. Subscribers
in arrears are requested to forward the suras due.
In sendingmoney, state THE POST OFFICE
to which the paper is sent.-#*
A City in Ashes.
Nothing in the long list of human ca
lamities, short of (loath itself,so profound
ly moves the sympathies of mankind as
the devastation wrought by lire when it
assails and destroys the homes anti shelt
ers of families. Nothing is more pitiful
Ilian the blackness and desolation which
mark tin1 spot where a once happy house
hold gat Iters about a (tome devasted by
the llames. How much more the iatneu
tation and deeper the compassion when
we contemplate a disaster like that ot
Chicago, which sweeps over miles of a
closely inhabited city, driving families bv
tens of thousands, naked, homeless and
starving, into the surrounding fields.
The calamity is the greatest of the kind
which ever visled an American city, and
is paralleled only by the great lire which
destroyed London in ICtiG, immediately
following the great plague, anti which de
stroyed live-sixth of the city. The de
struction of Moscow in 1815 may have in
v alved the loss of as many homes, but the
eoiilhigralion was a military measure, anil
the deliberate act ol the government.
Loth cities fully recovered from the blow
in a remarkably short time, London be
ing entirely rebuilt with many improve
ments ill live Veal'S.
The causes which resulted in this tre
mendous conflagration arc the same which
contributed to the less terrible fires in
Portland, Augusta, Waldohoro, lielfast.
alais and other cities of .Maine -a long
continue I drought which made the build
ing- like tinder, with a lack of water and
the prevalence of high winds. Under
su.-h condition-, in cities ot wooden or
inflammable structures, like calamities
will be liable to occur continually. The
only real safeguard is in tire-proof build
ings, which will be resorted to in but com
paratively few instances.
It i- impossible at this writing to esti
mate tin* extent ot the disaster, in all its
aspect*;. A city of :».">o,ooo inhabitants,
larger than iloston with the cities adjoin
ing, with its elegant business blocks, 1
holds, t!»••-»( I»»lirt ddenoes, has
been m large part swept to destruction.
The amount in dollars that will cover the j
loss can be but conjectural, but it must
he sorrowfully large. How far the in- j
suranee companies may lu» able to re-
spout], and to what extent their solvency
may be impaired, cannot yet be known.
In its best aspects the catastrophe j> over
whelming, and will profoundly move the
sympathies of the whole country. The
aid tendered from all portions ol the
I uited Slates has been prompt and gener
ous, and will doubtless be continued as
long as then* is human suflering to be re-
lieved.
T he telegraphic despatches giving the
latest news up to tin* hour of going to
pre wili lx* found in another column.
The Cost of Governing.
A contributor t<> tin* Atlantic Monthly,
a leading periodical of radical pro
clivities, shows from the ollicial returns of
the. Treasury Department that during the
year ending December HI, 1 *70, (he. (on
eminent collected from the country $10!),
208.8:1:1 in the shape ot taxes. As the
census puts the general population at
forty millions in round numbers, each
man, woman and child paid in taxes to
the Federal Government, for ts7o, $10,2,s,
in addition to the amount paid for State
and local government purposes. The fol
lowing table will show what the cost per
capita of running the Government was
lor several Administrations previous to
Grant’s, as also what. Grant’s is costing.
This table is exclusive of interest and
principal paid on public debt:
'ns! per
Administration. Period. capita.
Jackson's.s years, 1 lit
Van Daren's.1 years. 1 7s
Polk’s.4 years, 1 Tii
Pierce's.t years. I ill!
Buchanan's.I years. 2 PI
Grant's.I year. 4 7ii
Grant's.I year. lit 2s
The increase is enormous, and alto
gether unjustifiable. Frauds and embez
zlements, extravagance and profligacy
are the devouring mouths that require of
the people such a contribution as $10,28
per capita for every man, woman and
child in the United States.
Wouldn't it lie a good time to -'em a genu
ine, old-.'asliioned "moral suasion" temperance
agitation, and restore Maine to her old proud
Place as the leading Temperance State in the
Union? [Portland Press.
That’s an excellent suggestion, and
nothing could he more oppportune. The
stale fairly reeks rum, which is dispensed
as freely as water. The fallacy of the pro
hibitory law as ameans of establishing tern
peranee, having been proved,as its friends
must acknowledge,the present is an excel
lent season for going hack to the sound,
reliable and approved mode of persuasion.
Abolish your town agencies. Knock in
the heads of the casks at your fountain
of wet damnation at Portland, and let the
state of Maine no longer occupy the
ridiculous position of holding out penal
ties for rum selling with one hand and
dealing ouL the article with the other.
Let the state no longer lie a manufacturer
of drunkards, and herself the chief rum
seller while imprisoning men for selling
ruin. Let the shame and the scandal of
the whole business be wiped from the
record of the slate, and then inaugurate
the blessed old plan of self-reform—the
only one that ever was etUeacions—and
the cause of temperance will again pro
gress. The present policy serves only to
furnish facilities for indulgence, and in
vite ruin.
Mr. Hale Scumbles.
Wo lincl in the latest issue of the Ells
worth American the following—
Hon. Eugene Hale met with a slight accident
at Bangor, Friday night, while trying to catch
the night train. His foot slipped and lie fell
striking his head and knee.
AVe are sorry for the misfortune which
the above paragraph chronicles, and trust
that nothing serious ensued to our repre
sentative from this unexpected lulling
upon his knees. Hut we observe in the
same number of the American an article
upon the subject of the recent election in
that city which gives the impression de
cidedly that Mr. Ilalo and his organ arc
stumbling in a much more grievous man
ner, in the pursuit of a train which they
ought not to lie able to overtake.
H appears from all that we can gather
on the subject that the officials of Ells
worth, being new to the work of handling
the ponderous machinery of the city, have
not so strictly defined the ward bounds
and plaees of voting as is customary and
lawnil. rile City Hall, within the limits
of Ward 't wo. has, as a matter of con
venience, been used as the polling place
of Ward 1. This has been the practice
in all elections since the adoption of the
City Charter. No one ipiestioned its
legality, no one doubted the votes there
had, no one proposed to throw them out.
Our sharp cotemporary of the American,
whose eagle eye, like the care of ITovi
denee, is over all things, either didn't
know that the voting was illegal, or know
ing, forbore to impart his knowledge.
Everything was beautiful, calm and se
rene.
Sudden]y the watchman on the editorial
tower sees a previous error and wrong.
The people of the lirst ward have put their
votes into a ballot box held a numbei e. f
feet on the wrong side of the ward line.
The American labors with a column
leader. That sacred instrument the Con
stitution is appealed to -preceded by the
remark that a Secretary of State once
made. The City Charier is quoted, and
the ordinances expounded. And all lbr
purpose of proving that ward one has
gone wrong by several feel, more or less.
Every man has a motive in what he
does or says. When we come to sift this
matter and examine carefully the relations
of the several parts, we come at the mo
tive of our brother of the American, it'
tlo rutim of Wurtl mo an runtitnl, lhr
Ihhiorrutir Sltit'ijf i'lrrk ttml I'uiotlt/
t 'oitnni<<or,jrr trill In rlrrh it. Throw
out the ward, and they are defeated.
There is tlu‘ milk is that cocoa nut. Il is
only a pretext for defeating the will of
the people.
e do mu propose to go mto an argu
ment upon tie' legal aspects of this ques
tion. It is only necessary to say that we
do not believe that the legal, as we know
the fair and equitable view of the matter
does not, justify the extraordinary position
taken by the American. The fact that
the question slumbered so long, and was
only raised alter the return of Mr. Hale
trom an absence that had included the
day of election, begets the suspicion that
the plan for disfranchising a portion of
Ellsworth is ot his invention. In nnv
event, he is very iikely to be held respon
sible. It may by found that while he
stumbled and fell at llangor, the stumble
at Ellsworth will be likely to result, in a
much more serious fall hereafter, in the
endeavor to ride successfully upon the
political train. Let our brother of the
American ponder well upon the sharp
practice proposed, hclore hr insists upon
its adoption.
Large Fire in Charlestown.
On Friday, three buildings, constitut
ing the freight departments ot the Fitch
burg Railroad, were burned with all
their contents. Miss Ada P*. Andross,
principal copyist in the freight depart
ment. was surrounded by the sudden
bursting ot the llamcs from kerosene and
other intlammahle freight and burned to
death. Her parents reside in Oswego,
V. Others in the building narrowly es
caped. The lire caught from the sparks
of an engine and spread with fearful ra
pidity, the flames being fed by exploding
oil casks and kerosene. There were three
buildings burned in all, occupied re
spectively by the Cheshire, Vermont A
Massachusetts ami Fitchburg Railroads.
Within an hour alter the alarm the high
walls of the main building fell, and the
entire easterly half of the immense line
of freight houses, extending about *<»nn
feet, were burned to the ground.
Relief for Chicago.
The measures taken to mitigate the suf
ferings ot those who are deprived of
homes, clothing and food by the gn at
Chicago calamity has been prompt and
hearty all over the country. Boston held
a public meeting in Faneuil Hall,at which
.Mayor (fusion presided. Speeches were
made by lion, (’has Sumner, lion. A. II.
Bice, and other eminent men. As a re
sult the Mayor of Chieago was authorized
to draw for $100,000. New York raised
$00,000 in $10,000 subscriptions, and load
ed a large train on the Frio ltoad with
provisions, with orders to run at high
Speed to Chicago, without stopping ex
cept for wood and water. 'The contribu
tions of New York will be several hundred
thousand dollars. Lowell, Worcester,
Washington, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Bui
j falo, Pittsburg, Brooklyn, all send mag
nificent donations. Across the water,
from London and Liverpool, come tenders
of aid. The President has authorized the
department commanders in the west to
issue clothing and rations to the sutiering.
All the railroads carry supplies free. Such
an outpouring of sympathy and aid has
rarely been witnessed in the world’s
history.
The Republican journals are essaying
to put upon the Democracy the entire re
sponsibility of the frightful corruptions
which have been discovered in the city
government of New York. In reply to
this, read the following from Mr. S. .1.
Tilden, a prominent Democratic' citizen
of New York, lie says in a printed cir
cular.
“Then the Republicans made the City Char
ter under which we have lived until ISTO. At
the same session the same hand which created
the Republican party created also tin* Supervis
ors’ board, which has been the source of all
the corruption in our city government. The
league between corrupt Republicans and cor
rupt Democrats, which was formed during Re
publicaidasccndencv. was too strong for honest
men in 1ST0. The Charter of that year had the
votes of nearly all the Republicans. 1 de
nounced it in a public speech. Wherever the
gangrene of corruption has reached the Demo
cratic party we must take a knife ami cut it
out by the roots.”
The prohibitionists ot Massachusetts are
in tlie field with their State ticket. At a
convention in Boston last week, they nom
inated Robert C. Pitman ot New Bedford
for Governor, and Eliphalet Trask of
Springfield, for Lieutenant Governor.
They will not poll an immense vote. The
Labor Reform Party has nominated for
Governor, E. II. Chamberlain.
Letter From Boston.
Correspondence of the Journal.
Boston, Oct. 9, 1871.
TII13 GOLDEN DAYS
have come. Front some far off “Island
of the Blessed,” and over the Delectable
Mountains they have wandered in their
mysterious llight. The traces of their
magical footsteps are everywhere to bo
seen. Beneath their passionate kisses
each twig, leaf, bud, and blossom has
blushed into bright and brilliant beauty.
At the dainty touch of their perfect lingers
the sky has grown into marvel* of blue,
gold, pink, and white. But all too soon
will follow the pitiless destroyer, and
twirl down in a dead brown masstho now
rare and radiant loveliness.
"Tim not will he over the red of the Hover,
The green he under the gray.”
Already our parks and avenu es are
lined with t he falling leaves, and treading
remorselessly upon their faded beauty,
gaily dressed ladies go, in the abounding
sunny mornings, to pull over, compare,
admin*, price and buy tin* warm, bright
dresses, sacks and hats prepared lor the
coming cold and dreariness of winter.
W1IAT THEY III A
Hats that assume lofty proportions, and
bonnets of the close cottage shapes. The
hats have high, broad crowns with rolled
turban brims, or else pointed back and
front with only the sides rolled. The
straw hats are faced, and heavily trim- j
mi d with velvet and ribbon. The most
drossy allairs, however, are soft crowned
turbans of velvet, trimmed with ostrich
plumes, real lace, and tlowers; or ostrich
leathers ami ribbon. Feathers are indis
pensable. It is quite the fashion to have
two or throe placed well in the back ol
the crown whore they nod in the most de
fiant manner. It is a law of Dame Fashion
this season that hats and bonnets shall
match the dross in color, or else black
velvet substituted with leathers ami faille
trimmings of the shade oi the dress. Two
or three shades of the same color is a de
cided fashion, though in direct opposition
to this are hats and bonnets trimmed with
contrasting colors. For instance, one of
the loveliest hats shown at the late open
ing of Jordan, Marsh was of
turquoise blue velvet will loops and ends
of dark blue ribbon, and dark blue plume
fastened about tie* back of the crown
with a beautiful pink rose and autumn
leaves. A light brown hat had ribbons
and plumes of tlesh color. A Nile green
was mixed with blue and a costly black
velvet bonnet had loops of pale pink with
scarf of real lace. Frown is found in
contrast, with most '‘very color. For
dresses, silks and cashmeres take prefer
ence for most occasions, yet the poplins.
empress cloth, merino velours and al
paeeas hold their ol 1 favorite, positions,
and have brisk sales. The darker shades
for street and ehmvl wear are more uni
versally seen this season than for some
time previous. The waist is still of the
basque style, the, newer ones being made
with a seam in tin* back, and postillion
plaits to give added fullness. One of the
prettiest of the new varieties has a point
ed vest front, wit i the basque rounding
from the side to the throat. The under
skirt may be worn plain or trimmed to
suit the taste of the wearer. If trimmed
at all they are, in most cases, very elabor
ately so. A wide gathered flounce, either
braided, or orna nented with fringe is a
prevailing style, and to give this its proper
ell'cet the upper skirt i< necessarily short
er. Deep knotted fringe* is much used
alone. Some of the most beautiful dresses
made for the coming opera and party sea
son were trimmed with several rows of
deep creped fr nge. A combination of
silk and cashmere is perhaps the most,
stylish dress for all occasions. A very
pretty one that we have seen had a plain
black silk underskirt cut demi train, and
plain gray cashmere overskirt ornament
ed with narrow rows of black velvet.
The turban worn with it was ot black
velvet with gray I’.iil/r loops and gray
ostrich plumes. Another pretty suit was
of French blue cashmere braided in
black, with blue velvet turban. Silks for
evening wear have an overdress of mus
lin, lace, tulle, or crape. This latter ma
terial is considered quite distinguished,
and is to he found in all colors. (Iloves
to be in good taste must match the dress,
though a gaudy fashion admits of their
being embroidered or stitched in colors.
m:\vs in uiiii'i
Nilsson, Annie Louise (’ary and otlier
members of tin* Italian Opera 'Troupe are
■^topping at the Revere House. 'The sea
son opens at tin* Boston Theatre to-mor
row night with tie* magnilleent opera of
Kiiust, and Nilsson as Maugerite. The
tickets have been placed at jjjHB for the
season, consisting of twelve nights and
two matinees; or *1 single admission.
'Two sacred concerts are to be given in
the new Catholic Cathedral, now so near
ly completed, in aid of the grand fair to
be opened October 2Glh. Miss Adelaide
Bbillipps, Mrs. Julia Houston West and
other distinguished singers have been en
gaged.
President (Irani will bo present :it. the
laying ol the corner stone of the Poston
Post nlicc, tot. Ilith. I’Kitcir.
Professor Agassi/, is about setting out
from Poston on a deep sea survey of the
ocean bordering America. lie has at his
orders anew I nited States coast survey
steamer, fitted for the purpose. She will
carry a dredging apparatus capable of
working at a depth of 3000 fathoms, and
the Professor intends making a zigzag
course between the eastern coast of Amer
ica and the deepest part of the Atlantic
as far as Capo Horn, and so up the west
ern coast to San Francisco, dredging all
the way. lie anticipates a now revela
tion of the condition of animal life from
those unknown depths.
Of all the terribly thrilling accounts
which wc ever published, involving the
life of a single human being, the one in
another column which gives the particu
lars of the fall of a man from a balloon,
surpasses them all. It is a story to make
(ho reader chill with honor.
—The report that a Camden woman
whipped her husband is being indignantly
commented on. A correspondent of the
Herald says that “the idea of Camden’s
springing aleak in that ipiarter was too
much to believe.” We should think so.
—Wo call tho attention of the radical
papers to the fact that the Illinois Demo
cratic Convention passed a resolution fa
voring the revival of shipbuilding—which
rather overturns the assertion that west
ern and southern Democrats oppose that
industry.
-Those South negroes are getting to
he as bad as the Ku lvlux. At the Savan
nah election one half of them voted the
Democratic ticket. Hasn’t the adminis
tration any soldiers to spare?
The Bangor Celebration.
When our Bangor neighbors undertake j
to be hospitable and to entertain their
friends, it is always done in the most ap
proved style. The reception of the Presi
dent and the opening ol the Kuropcan
road next week will be probably the
greatest gathering ever witnessed in our
State, and one to which Bangor will do
full justice by the extent of preparations
and the unbounded hospitality of her peo
ple. Besides the distinguished gue-ts
who will honor the occasion with their
presence, there will he a parade of all the
military companies of the state; a display
and competition of steam and hand (ire
engines; a regatta upon the river. Ac.
Committees of the citizens have been
formed to provide lodging and meals tor
the strangers that cannot lie aecomodated j
at the hotels.
The reception of tin' President n;. Toes, j
day evening and the military ..n j
through the illuminated streets will be a
grand spectacle, hi short, from the re
ception to the return of the excursion
over the road to St. John, whh h starts on
Thursday' morning finni Bangor, there
will be a continued gala day. The
steamers of the Portland and Sanford
lines, and all ihe railroads, will i-sne halt
fare tickets.
The flections.
In the excitement over the ('hic:i<;o lire,
the returns of the elections in Ohio ami
Pennsylvania, which took place <>n I’m
day, are overshadowed. W nr* v\ i•!
out anything t<> indicate the result up t..
the hour of going to press. Serious riots
broke out in Philadelphia, in which many
men were killed and wounded. The
military was called out.
The St. George Homicide Trial.
The trial of Frank Smalley, indicted for -tal
king and killing William June-, at "I. ib-orgc,
in February, iSTn. was concluded at l: m UI.ukI
oil Tuesday. Alter a trial of four day the jury
rendered a verdict of not guilty. Fin- acm-cd
at know lodged the killing, but plead .u-i ii a ui
in self defence.
North Knox Agricultural a ml Horticul
tural Society.
This Society held their third annual fair at
McLains Mills. Appleton, last week, and -u
tained their form* r reputation for getting up
successful show. T'h«- society has no Agricul
tural Horse Trot in connection with it.
The show of Neat Stock, Horses, "It-. Sh-p,
Swine and Poultry, was very large, numbering
some *200 cattle and horses. There r• to
yoke of oxen, mostly upward <»l seven t. t
girt; c»ws, heifers and sl-crs us ni-. and larg
as can be shown :it any fair where 111«• i i di I
breeds are not brought in.
Two public balls were occupied by tic Inn-.
hold and farm products. Me-si r\- large ball sv.i
1 taxed to its utmost capacity in displaying the
tine guilts, rugs, needle work and fancy irlicb
of almost every description. A line di-play ot
musical instruments, manufactured in I moil,
was made in the ball, which when one enfund
to touch the keys, showed superior tom
Pease’s large hall was tilled with tb- product
Of the orchard, field and garden. Tm di.ee. t
apples was very large, and -aid by .11 to ha
been the handsomest ever -hown by the -oei-t
Some U n varieties of wheal were on xhibilion,
tin* statements showing good yields. Ily-,
barley and oats made a good show. Tin -am
ple* of corn were excellent, but not so many
m number as on former occasions. >f P t at"
b» varieties of large nice ones were exhibited.
The diary was well ropiv-entcd by tub-ofnie.
butter and large cheese-. Native Wine-. Pre
serves. Jellies and canned fruit were largely
shown: also small fruit.
Much of the success of the -how i- due ro th<
committee of arrangement- ai d tie g-n r.h
agent, al.-o to the citizens ot tie village Hu
the second day’, ail aide addle-- was delivered
by A. L. Parlbtt, a member of the society.
NnuTii Km
Letter from Bucksport.
Correspondenc of the Journal.
Bi t lisiMRr, Oct. li. 1-; i.
At a meeting of the subscribers to the stock of
the Buoksport fit Bangor Railroad, held lit -la-i
evening, the following gentlemen wer.rho-e t dir.-,
tors—
Daniel Sargent, vd, Brewer: .Jacob W. iMmer,
Bangor: Richard 1‘ Buck, New York. s. II f.
Swa/ey. .Joseph 1.. Buck, I rederick Sj-»tl.»nl, and
1. Hill, of Bucksport. Subsequently tlf Dir-vtor?
elected Sewell B. Swa/ev. 1*1. 1 iu
Swa/.ey Clerk and 'treasurer.
It was also voted to instruct and enipow -t the di
I rectors to issue tirst mortgage bonds, n< xce o
i twenty tbousand dollar* per mi. at >ix i nt. u
terest payable iu gold. Remarks w-iv m id- by ol.
(Joweu, of Boston. it will be remembered that this
gentleman was employed by tin* Russian g oem
inent to raise the sunken vessel at .-evastopol alter
the Crimean war, and had .superintended th> con
struction or over two thousands miles ol railn*:. in
that country. lie stated that it was his opinion that
a more profitable section of road could -cure, ly
built than this, as it would be the natural outl. to
the sea for the Kuropeau and North American rail
road. As evidence of hi opinion lie mibscribi t• -n
thousand dollars to the stock. Speeche- were i
made by Richard 1‘. Buck of New York. D.a. Daniel
Sargent, lid,ot Brewer, and many other-.
The Congregational Church was formally .'pened
last Sabbath, after having been elosed t.-r n pairs
during the summer. This church i dilie. -is now an
ornament to our village—having been .-mpiei. iy
overhauled, reseated, beautifully frescoed and furn
ished in a superb manner. The late Daniel Robin
son left by his will one thousand dollars io I...
pended about the altar with the under standing lhar
the following inscription *hould be placed u
"What mean ye by this servicer I’he lighting
by a splendid chaniialier.a gift ot Mis. Richard Buck
and sister, of New York. This -oclety i- n
prosperous condition. Last Wednesday .a •nmg
the sale ot pew? took place they .vere alldi-i .1
at a premium, except a very lew that »ia >.v -ol t,
and more are called lor.
The Bucksport Farmer’s riub is holding an xlubi
tion this week and making an excellent display.
11 Ni a h K
The Great Fires in the West.
The drouth now prevailing in the West
has not been initialled within twenty-live
years. All through Central and Southern
Illinois the wells and smaller stream- are
completely dried up and the inhabitants
find great difficulty in obtaining sullied nl
water tor household stock. The -nil is <n
dry that plowing is impossible The
drouth extends further north and to Wis
consin.
Fires in the woods and on the prairies
'are prevailing in every direction in the
Northwest, including Michigan. Illinois,
Wisconsin, Minnesota and lmva. Il is
believed the flames can only he arrested
by heavy rain. The country is as dry as
tinder. In Minnesota the great prairie
fire is still raging with unabated fury, al
though the slight rain of yesterday arrest
ed its progress for a little while It
course is southeast, and at the last ac
counts it had reached nearly as lar south
as the Minnesota ltiyer which, il is hoped,
will stay its further progress. The wind
drove the fire forward with lightning
rapidity and it was burning fiercely in the
big woods around Glencoe, Megur. Man
kato and New Klin. Reports of the rav
ages of the tire-fiend are coming in con
stantly, though evidently exaggerated.
Only two lives are known to he lost. A
Swede, named Conneaut, of lvandiyoct
ccuutv, and a man, name unknown, who
startl'd from the same county with a drove
of cattle tor Fort Harry, was overtaken
by lire. There is no means of aseertain
inir the amount of damage done owing to
the large tract of country over which the
fire swept and its inaccessible nature, but
it must be very heavy. Many small
towns are completely destroyed, and the
solitary farm houses in the track oMlie
lire are almost universally burned. The
suffering must necossarialy he great, as
many farmers lose everything, homestead,
live stock, crops, with a long winter close
upon them.
The wife of the murderer lbi-w. lt w;i- di
voreed from him at Bancor la-t week.
Generalities.
Jfoii. rid eon Welles will contribute the next
Tin (hduxy scries of political articles. His
paj- r will upp* ::r in tin: November number ot
that lu.i.t.;.:i will be a detailed history ot
the <-:ticm rX .v Orleans, with the purpose'
ot show ing that to Farragut. and not to Butler,
i' due th honor of I apiuroof New Orleans.
Mr. Welles also inridentully attaeks the pre
tensions m( other military and naval eommand
ers.
A balloon that nded from riynmotii,
II., <>ii Friday, landed the same evening at
Uridgton, Me., after a voyage over the Whit.
Mountains. It travelled I miles in one hour
and forty minutes. Mr. Holden, of the Boston
Journal, a i>asscnger.
Tin* e\i tutors of estate of the late .lube/
Froderiek, of Boston, have recovered $7100.*.‘5,
whi< li was extorted by l s. officials from Mr.
I', during hi> 111•; time, on a groundless i harge
of ilii. it distillation.
John P.trooid of Andover. »xford County.
Maine, raised on a measured one and three
righths m i• ot land live hundred and tills
hii-li. U of potatoes. Who ran heat it?
A Hrsv way of making whiskey l»v mixing
>uIphiir>• a id with the mash, has been di
•ovnr.l. The a! ii« usually brings on a funer
al in thirty days.
The new l »*il boat near While Head wus re
cently run into and damaged. Ii has been
tak« n to Portland for repairs.
O'Neil Uohinson, a elothing dealer of Port
land, has eominitted forgeries to the amount of
10,00b, and gone to parts unknown.
At Nashua, N. 11.. on Tuesday, John Morrill
threw himself u front ol a locomotive and was
instantly killed.
In I."* I »i ■ker.son has divon e.| twenty couples
al tl on-sent t. rm of tie Knov fo»ntv <'ourt.
and -u't adjourned tie- term vet.
Ar this week tti steamer Lewiston will
make but one trip a week between Portland and
Mac bias.
\Y. tioddard 11 1- been appointed Postmas
ter of Portland.
Jt lx;i: Pams Wu i. The will of the late
Ibm. Woodbury Pavis lias been tiled in the
Probate otlh e in tins city. In it he bequeaths
all his properly to his w it.- and daughter tor
their use during their life time, and on their
de« ease, if any be lelt.it is to be divided into
tilths, tw..-tilths to be divided equally between
hi> two brothers, one-lifth to go to the children
of UP lister, and the remainder to be divided
equally between the American Home .Mission
trv i< ty,the Maine Missionary Society and
tie Pi-malc orphan Society. [Portland Press.
Th Waldo Baptist association held its t »rty
thill autre, i-ary at Windsor the third week m
September, and w i- an o.•ca.sion of deep interest
to all present. Tl.. of tie* previous year
wa re re-ci.ct.‘d, vt/ i Tloinas. Modera
tor: Ik s. Pi-li, t lerk. and llanscom,
Treasurer. S. i tnons w .■n.* prea. lad I»v U.*m
Fish, Trask, Thomas, Iti.-Unc tud llr k.
The social meetings wa re deeply interesting
Oilman, III., is pleasantly agitated bv a late
elopement. Ttie lover went alter his girl in a
light vehicle with mullled wheels, while an a.
eotnpliee drove a hen\ier machine adapted t
making as much noPe as possible. The lady
being duly deposited iti the mu tiled vehicle, the
heavy one d ished oil at a furious rate, with
papa in hot pursuit, while tie lovers were
noiselessly driv ing in the opposite direction. an
shortly became mail and wile.
The pemoer.it -.,v Hi.it H<>n. Pints. A Shaw,
ol P.iddeford, w ill so.hi ere, t large factory and
r.-enguge in the manufacture of sewing in i
cliines on a ale suiHeient to give employment
to several hundred men As this business will
not be located there unless siitlieient induce
ments ar oil.-r. I, it hopes this enterprise will
receive every encouragement from the itv
.mthoriiie- md tlit* <ui/ •n< generally.
thief was arreste,. in the town Braid
wood, Illinois, lb. o' net day. and, lor want ot i
prison, was locked up in an empty freight cur
standing on tie* lileago and \lton Bail road
track. Thai night it freight train e.atne along,
attached lie prison ear. and whirled it away.
NeAt Morning the Braid <>od people found that
their prisoner had not only es. iped. but had
taken lii> jail along with him.
When the others ot the Staten Ulan.I Kerry
mij>:tn> are hroimht up tor trial it is believed
i that they will plead the Mlildny law, which
j render- all contracts made on that day void:
tin expect to free tlioniMclvo** from guilt an I
I iv-i-otisihility by pleading that, tin* people had
no hu-me-s i rid*. Sundav.
|i i- i broad elaim iii an article of daily and
universal u-e. that i- heller and cheaper than
any <ain-r hot the public has endorsed this
elaim tor boots and shoes made with t able
lew Wire. The immense demand of the
past i- steadily augmenting. In our papei
may he found a card m relation to these excel
lent uood-.
The Whig iv Mr. I 'red. H ale in the em
ploy Ol Ml. A. l’». 1'Ver. at I.agratig was saw
ing shingles on Tuesday, when his left hand
aim in eontact vviih tin*-aw md his thumb
Was taken eomplelelv oil. The mi-sin.' piece
was picked m the stream some distance below
the mill.
The bed consecutive series of puns contained
in a -im.de stan/a. may be seen in II '.id's loin
lines upon the dealh of a sailor:
Hi- death, which happened ill hi- berth.
\t forty odd bef. i;
Tliev went and mid th«- sevton.
nd the sc\t.*n tolled the bell.
Tin Press a>s that N i'hanie! Uhdd-ii. u
if m m. a Lied veal was -me f by a pas
iug train -n lie- Kiev A l.incoln Kail road nem
the -1:11i> ii in Nohleboro and inwtuntly killed.
About two months since lie was run into by a
band car and seriously wounded.
shrew I connubial strategist ot I Imira. N
V.. feels better lloVV. 11 i W i fe found out that
he did i iot love her a tad sweetened her tea with
laudanum. The sly widower atvfully colloid
ed an insurance poliev on h**r life and then re
covered dam ep from tie druggist who sold
lea the poison.
The t .a/ette -a> s th it ih bur-ting ot a k<a
-cue chan duller lamp in the ladies’ parlor of the
Thorndike Hot*!. IP* kl and, i few evenings
-inee. caused a lively seen** and cam near set
ting the house on lire.
bef! i e< U'ge, a i|u|*cd 111.111, tn»W ill l til HI
Houston. I’evas, is -aid to have oiuinittctl n
than IT murders during the la-t liv yeai
lb- lias certainly improved his opportunib
b< ing only cars old.
I a v master II >dge is sen tv -m ol t t. n v ,i u
I the Penitent iary uni mi main until tin lull
am.-unt «>1 In- del u itimi i** paid. The Pn si
,I.*111 approved "t the lirsf part of the sentence
but di- Ipi'iov. the PI a part
,,r S pea k Ol of da.-oo rood’s wife us “that
ai -tiili-uo-evl. Tiller, Will. I..star, of Holyoke
Ma-- v\a- _• 11 h r -1 to his father- by means of
a -.Vile
Nt al lv 1 s\ thousall.l'lllilil us ot pollock have
be- n ea’imht ill the bay at Kasiporl within th.
last fortnight. The ti-h caught m ttii- school
liave been unusually largo and ploutv
The water i- reported so low in the uppei
1 Mi-si-sjppi that fvv- inva.le the haimiel Hint
steainhoal captains arc having cow-catcher
put on their boat-.
The alb-nipt l» >i-l I'mope m i t«» India by
the -me/. <anal has tail. .I i than four per
ent ot the amount forwarded rca« lied i Is dealt*
tialioti.
Ii was J.»h Billings who remark d that
'•knowing how tew set down square <.n a hile
without hurling the chair, i/. one ol the lost
arts.”
\i in, •■tin/ o| Ip corporators of the Mam.
rcncril h« i'pif a I. at P.Mtlaml. on Tuesday, lion.
John B Brown wa> chosen president.
I The Ncwburyport Herald says th>- Director
•f the Ka-I. ru Bailroad have decide l to lav t
I -eeond track from B "ton to that city.
I he Illinois farmers are said to he disc.un
aged, their corn crop so great, and the pri.
consequently so small.
A New Hampshire man amused i uigr i- i
lion by exclaiming in lus sermon-nap, "iNnuc.
conic, •sarah. don’t crowd so.
The divoibusiness lets been brisk in the
Penobscot Suprem. 1 udi. ial i ‘ourt thus far this
term.
Kngli-h experience is said to show that out of
cverv tliirtv colts from thoroughbred stock, hut
one proves la-t.
Pittsburg young man took matrimony and
small-pox at the same time. The honeyino m
w asn’t a sueeess.
Smile seal'll]* dallbed the trout ot John Neal
residence mi state -treet. Portland, with
tar, Thursday night.
C. P. tiallison has retired from the Dexter
(ia/ette, his interest having he. n bought bv his
partner. It. i Kobbi ns.
Brigham Young in Court.
Sai.t I.xkk itv. Oct. n. Brigham Young
accompanied by a number of Klders, appeared
the I’ourt tiiis afternoon, and was held to
bail in to answer for his appearance be
fore Judge McKean. He is quiet and dignified,
hut lie seemed evidently very feeble. Brigham’s
counsel lirst put in a plea of abatement, which
was overruled; the next movement was to
quash the indictment on the ground of the in
dietmont enumerating sixteen different charges,
alleging that he lasciviously cohabited with six
teen different women. During the argument
l in this question, Brigham retired. He instead
lor the defence, will continue speaking to this
motion to-morrow. K very thing is quiet to
night, although multitudes of rumors are in
circulation tli:it in the event of conviction there
may he trouble. It will scarcely he otherwise.