4
t r] o ib une.
Twin* of tsubkcrlpMon,
PATAUIJS Hi ADVANCE
Daily Edition, per year, by mail
Triweekly Edition, per year, by mail.
unday Edition, per year, by mail
Weekly Edition, per year, by mai1.....
Ports oi a year at Uie same rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, be sure and give Post
Office addizss In fall. Including state and county.
Eemittaisea maybe made either by draft, express,
Post Office order, or In registered letters, at our risk.
TERMS TO CITY SUBSCRIBERS t
Daily, delivered, Sunday excepted, 23 cents per week.
Dally, delivered, Sunday Included. 30 cents per week.
Address THE TBIBUNE COMPANY,
No. 15 Canal-st., Chicago, 111.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15. IS7I.
To Country Dealer*.
The Tnicrxr. is furnished to coimlry dealers
at the rate of ir, per 100, espivss charges ami
postage additional, pnyah'n in advance. Wc arc
prepared to fill orders prompt B*.
Tribune ComcaXV.
THE COMMON COUNCIL.
The recent astounding exposure of black
mailing aud corruption in the Common Coun
cil has led to explanations on the subject of
the citv priming from two witnesses, whose
testimony wc copy:
From tho Cliirag.i Times.
It was proclaimed in the hearing of the Time*
z eportcr. on ostwday, that one ot the urjprietors
«.l Hie winning sheet had been publicly charged,
in the lobby of the Connell, on the mghtof tbe
election, with having paid SJ.OM for the city
printing, and that he did not deny the accusation,
lie will, without doubt, prove, to be one of the
spiciest witnesses when the Investigating Com
mittee begins to hold sessions.
From the Chicago Evening Post.
When Tun Tuim xi: enjoyed the emoluments of
the city printing, the price was 20 per cent higher
than at the present lime; and, when a proposition
■was made in tho Council to cut down the rate, The
Tribune drew its check for (.too—the sum deemed
Mifticieutto quiet tho qualms of tho agitating Al
dermen,—and the price for advertising remained
as before I
If tbe Post ha-; paid $;»,ooo, or any other
hum, for its election as corporation newspa
per, it will naturally seek to divert atten
tion from that circumstance, in one way or
another. Whal it says about Tin: Tuibunk
in the foregoing paragraph is utterly aud un
qualifiedly false. What the Times says about
the Po*l may be true, or not. We hope it is
not: but we demand that it be investigated,
along with the other charges against the un
blushing scoundrels who have converted the
Connell Chamber into a den of thieves.
If the Pont has paid s:;,uoo into the Alder
manic pool, in order to get tbc city printing
at the present rates, that fact ■would go to
show that the oiler of the Mail to do tlic
for onc-foarlb less was a fair one. and
that the Po*l itself could afford to make tbe
same offer,—the being about oue-fourtb
of tbc gross profits of tbc city printing to
journals of that class. The offer of tbo Mail
■was to donate this sum to the City Treasury*
That of the Post (if any donation was
made was to corrupt tbo Aldermen. 'But
tlic public have a right to demand that tbe
city printing shall be done, not
merely at the price which a
newspaper can afford afhr paying one-quar
ter to the Aldermen,but at tbc price it would
be done for without paying anything into a
corruption fund, Bargains made with the
“nineteen’* may be interesting to the public
in other ways, but they don’t count in fixing
the price to be paid for the city printing.
The Mail has offered to do this work at one
fonrtli less than the existing rates. Its
facilities for doing the work arc equal to
those of the Post. Its circulation is about
the same. The Council proceedings and cor
poastiou notices would be as easily read in
the one as in the other, and by as man 3' peo
ple. ‘Why, then, should a higher price he
paid to the one than the other oilers to do it
for
The public arc watching the proceedings
of the riugwith eager and unabated interest.
It is aafe to say that no whitewashing com
mittee will be tolerated. If the truth can
not be rea died through an investigation by
i lie Council, it will be done by a grand Jury.
XEUMBTHX A27D MOETON.
The controversy in the United States Sen
ate over Judge Trumbull's motion for the
appointment of a Committee on I'etrcnch
inent is remarkable chiefly for tbe fact tha:
there should be any controversy at all. The
Senate and House have had a joint Commit
tee of Ivetrenchmcut for several years, and
this committee a .rear ago made a report
showing, from testimony taken, the general
immorality of the civil-service system and
Hie demoralizing effect upon public officers
resulting from the manner iu which they
were selected. This report showed the un
necessary espensiveness of the system,
and recommended various reforms to
coircet various abuses. Tbe Chairman
of this committee was Senator Patterson,
of New Hampshire. When Congress met, it
was resolved by certain self-constituted ad
ministrators of legislation that this commit
tee should not be continued; so, on Wednes
day. Mr. Anthony, of lihode Island, who
is always selected as the organ of secret con
claves, ottered a resolution providing fora
standing committee of investigation and re
trenchment, to consist of seven members, to
be elected by the Senate, and have power to
investigate and report upon such subjects as
may be committed to it by the Senate. Mr.
Trnmbull moved to amend by a provision
directing the committee to inqu re into the
expenditures in all the branches of tbe gov
ernment service; whether any, and also
what, offices ought to be abolished, and
what salaries or allowances ought to be re
duced, Ac.; also, giving it power to sit dur
ing the recess of Congress.
Here was a direct issue. Under the one
resolution the committee was to be limited
to inquire into such matters as a Senatorial
caucus might direct under the other, the
committee might investigate any fraud or
abuse, and even inquire into the affairs of
the New York Custom House. If there be
any need of such a committee at all—and
that need is confessed b3* Authou3*’s resolu
tion,—why place a restraint upon it? Why
require that, before it investigates the af
fairs of the Treasury Department, it must
get permission of a secret caucus,
and be bound to go no further
than its special license If the committee
is to be nothing more than a sham ora fraud
—a of honesty,—'Wll3* restrain
the committee as to the matters of its inves
tigation? The former committee ventured
within thepreemets of the New York Custom
House, and the result was uufra
grant. There are, perhaps, a hundred other
places where the hand of reform is as
strongly needed to put. an end to shameless
abuses. Must the committee of the United
States Senate,before ifcdare inquire whether
no men are employed in a place where only
ten are needed, first apply to a caucus of the
Senate, and ask permission to report the
abuse
The reasons given for tins limitation of the
;uriscliction of the committee are most ex
tinouliuary. Mr. Edwards and Mr. Conkling
old* rt to lolling the committee investigate
frauds, on the ground that there are no
frauds: and the Senator from New York,
speaking from personal acquaintance with
Tom Murphy,declares that the men now hold
iug office under the Federal Government will
compare favorably with those who served
under Washington. For this reason he op
poses any investigation, unless expressly or
dered hy himself and his caucus companions.
Seuat orMortou, while takingtlus same gen
eral view of the immaculate hands who collect
and disburse the public revenue and per
form the duties of official position, laid it
down as the law, that no person could sug
gest an investigation into tho civil service
without being an enemy of the administra
tion. To ordinary mortals investigation can
only bo feared by those whose conduct will
not bear publicity but the Senator from
Indiana charges that it is an act of enmity
to investigate and vindicate the purity of
:i public officer. Taking the remarks of Sen
ators Edmunds, Conkling, and Morton as
indicating the ideas of the majority as to
ihc existence of abuses in the civil service
and frauds and peculations in the public ser
vice, tbe country can form an idea of the
extent to which the caucus will ever permit
the standing committee to inquire into airy
official improprieties.
Do these Senators §0 underrate the popular
intelligence a« to suppose that their supres
sion of investigation will not be understood?
J Jo they suppose that the country is ignorant
„f the fact that the civil service is in a bad
j way? Do they suppose that, by vouching for
i tlie purity of every mau holding ofllce uuder
j the government, they cau overcome the evi
dence to the contrary which is furnished by
the officers themselves? Do not the Trosi
dent and 1 lie Secretary of the Treasury ac
knowledge the necessity of reform, and speak
of the healthful results which have attended
the feehle efforts to that end already made f
Senator Morton proposes to resist any cflort
to reform the civil service, and to meet the
universal demand of the country by a bold
denial that *lll3’ necessity for such reform
exists. The country will not accept this de
nial. particularly when it is accompanied by
a refusal to permit an investigation into
tbc expenditures in all the branches of the
government service whether any, and also
what, offices ought to be abolished,and what
salaries or allowances ought to be reduced,”
The KepiUdican party and the people of the
country will not be deceived by such a pro
ceeding: and, whether Mr. Morton consent
or not. tbc people- will, perhaps, hud a way
to accomplish the reform without asking his
co-operation.
6.00
2.30
2.00
FEES OF COUNTY OFFICERS.
The Board of County Commissioners have
an important duty to perform in the matter
of arranging the fees of County Commission
ers. Two things must be borne in mind:
The fees of the Clerks of the Courts, and of
the Recorder of Deeds, will be payable into
the County Treasury after November next.
The compensation of Jill those officers is to
be paid after that time from the fees of the
offices. Due regard must, therefore, be Uadliu
arranging the fees that they will produce
enough to pay this compensation. How
much will he required for this purpose The
salaries of all the Clerks of Courts, Treasurer,
Sheriff, Coroner, and Recorder of Deeds, are
not to exceed, in each case, that allowed to
a Judge of the Circuit Court, which we
suppose will be about $7,000. But in addi
tion to these salaries there arc to he paid the
compensations of the deputies aud as
sistants. These compensations nro to be
fixed by tbe Board of Commissioners. It Is
easy, therefore, to ascertain, to a reasonable
eertaiutj*, how much he the expenditure
of each office, and this expenditure must in
every case he paid from the fees aud com
missions. Before the board can take action
upon any proposition prescribing the amount
of fees for each service, there ought to be an
examination, thorough aud efficient, by com
petent and experienced persons, as to the
amount which each ollice hooks from each
source. This is necessary for intelligent
action before any reduction is made. Having
ascertained the lawful revenue under
the jircsent scale of fees, aud know
ing the amount required for ex
penditure, the board can then mature
a complete scale of prices which will pro
duce the required amount of revenue with
as little excess as possible. The tax upon
the public should be kept down as close to
the required revenue as possible; a surplus
of fees will forever Invito an increase of sub
ordinates and an increase of compensation.
There is no danger of not having competent
men to perform the work at fair compensa
tion. Where ten thousand dollars will run
an office, if there bo a surplus of an equal
sum, there will be found a way, through the
employment of additional deputies, to eat
it all. The establishment of salaries in
stead of fees was never intended to he a
source of revenue; taxes ought not
to be imposed in that way. Litigants and
dealers in real estate ought not to he taxed to
build bridges or Court Houses. They should
be taxed to pay the expense of performing
the duties required by them, and no more.
The man who has a deed to record ought to
be taxed only the cost of recording it and of
procuring the record. Fees for clerical aud
Sheriffs* services in suits ought to be collect
ed only' to cover the actual cost of the ser
vices rendered. Annually these fees ought
to be reduced in a percentage equivalent to
the surplus of the previous year, and the
fees and the expenses should be kept as close
as possible to each other.
When the Board of Commissioners have
ascertained the actual earnings of each of
fice, and from each kind of service, they can
prepare for legislative action a scale of fees
that will produce revenue equal to the pay
ment of the total compensation of each
cilice. That scale, thus intelligently pre
pared upon actual information, will not be
objected to by any person in the Legislature
who does not mean to act dishonestly to
ward the public. To render this measure
complete, all fees should be required to be
paid in advance. Every deed placed on
record is paid for in advance. Why not re
quire that a deposit for .Sheriffs’ and Clerks’
fees bo made in every case where an atii
davit is not made that the suitor is
unable to paj*? Every order and entry made
in a case should be contingent upon the pay
ment of the fees. If this latter rule be
adopted, the fees charged in suck cases may
be reduced, perhaps, 40 or 50 per cent. Those
who do pay now have to pay double fees, in
order to settle for the fees of other suitors
who now pay nothing. No injustice can bo
done to any person. Why should a man be
entitled to file a bill in chancery, or sue out
a writ in assumpsit or trespass, without paj--
iug therefor, as well as the man who has a
deed to put on record? In both cases the
matter is of purely personal Interest, and the
public generally, or other litigants, ought not
to be required to pay the cost.
CHICAGO AND THE COPYRIGHT QUESTION.
Wc trust that neither the objections of
Mr. Carlyle, nor the feeling of British au
thors ami publishers against the copyright
piracy of American booksellers, nor even so
dreadful an event as the ■withdrawal of Mr.
George AV. Smalley from the Anglo-American
Association, will hinder seriously the noble
work in which Mr. Thomas Hughes, Mr.
Burgess, and other English gentlemen arc
engaged, of making up an initial contribu
tion of books to the Chicago I'roe Library.
As Mr. M. D. Conway remarks, in a late
letter from Loudon, “A library is hardly to
be regarded as a benefit confined to the lo
cality in which it exists. It is in every sense
an advantage to English authors and pub
lishers that Chicago and Strasbourg shall
have good libraries.” The mention of Stras
bourg by Mr. Conway is iu allusion to a sim
ilar enterprise iu behalf of that unfortunate
city, which has been pushed forward with
great success by Mr. Truebner, the London
publisher.
Whatever British authors, publishers, and
philomaths may do in behalf of Chicago on
this occasion, may be regarded as done in
magnanimous disregard of a fault of the
American laws which refuses cop3*right
privileges to foreign authors. .Such an act
should go far toward hasteniuga correction of
the fault. That the refusal of the American
Congress to concur in an international cop 3*-
jight protection to authors, is a grievous
wrong to a class which wo ought to cherish,
will hardly be disputed. The reason which
has been alleged for the encourage
ment which our government lias hith
erto given to literary- piracy is, that it
cheapens literature and enables the people of
this country to read good British authors at
prices which all cau afford. But even iu
that selfish sense, which ignores all question
of justice, our polic3* reacts to our disadvaa
tage: for, by refusing to insure to literary
and scientific talent a due compensation for
its labor, we arrest the development of such
talent; we must p.l3' out our
money for poorer literao* wares. Whore,
then, is the benefit, even to readers, of such
an attack, b3* a great government, upon a
small baud of authors, whoso independence
is little enough at best, and upon whoso
work the public largely depends for its edu
cation
There is some comfort in noting that tho
day when justice will bo done on this copy
right question is drawing nearer and nearer,
and that tho opposition which has hitherto
been made by influential publishers has
been mostly withdrawn, as those publishers
have themselves discovered that literary pi
racy is not profitable where competitors are
so numerous. Probably the first advance
made by legislation on this question will be
a law permitting American houses to take
i ut copyrights oh new English works, in be
half of tho author. This will bo recip
located by similar measures on tho
part of Great Britain, whoso laws are
already much more liberal than ours, inso
much that several American authors have
taken out British copyrights within tho past
few years, by residing “constructivelyin
Canada for a brief period. Then will follow
our abrogation of all distinction between
native and foreign authors; all who cau
show such promise of popularity as to con
stitute an inducement to publishers being
allowed to protect by copyright their in
come from their works.
Aud now that Chicago has become, as it
were, materially interested in the feeling
which exists in England on this interna
tional copyright question, we uro especially
glad to bo able to say t hat the roicc of Tub
Tribune has ever been in favor of the re
form which is now sought. M c have never
neglected any favorable opportunity to
get in a word in favor of a jttxl law, which
should give authors, both American and
foreign, their simple rights, and redeem the
governments of this country and England
from their present attitude of robbing a sin
gle honorable profession of men and women
of the just reward of their labors.
The New York Chamber of Commerce is
about to ask the United .States Government
to make it a donation of $800,000: th la, to
sell It, for s2oo,ooo,the site of the old Nc w Vork
Post Office, admitted’ to be worth $1,000,000.
The grounds on which this gift is asked are,
first, that the site, when purchased, twenty
years ago, only cost $200,000. over and above
the $500,000 which the merchants of Broad
and 'Wall streets gave toward it;
and, second, that the New York Chamber
has over been an exceedingly loyal and pat
riotic body. It has, indeed, been so, and has
been liberal also, as Chicago has fresh cause
to remember. Nevertheless, Chicago cannot
endorse the Now York Chamber’s memorial
on this subject, for the simple reason that it
is not founded in justice. Country before
friends, is the duty of every citizen; hence,
we have no hesitation in rec*
ounuending Congress to lay the New York
petition on the table, just as it would, if lb
did its duty, dispose of a similar application
from the Chicago Board of Trade, which, the
other day found itself turned out of house
and home under circumstances of peculiar
embarrassment, but which has not yet been
tempted to ask any aid from the government.
A strange controversy Is now pending be
tween tho Executive of North Carolina and
tho Governor of Florida. Acting Govern
or Caldwell, of North Carolina, some time
ago issued a requisition for the capture of
Milton S. Littlefield, who was described as a
fugitive from justice and then in Florida.
This document being shown to Governor
Reed, of Florida, he declared that it was not
in conformity with the act of Congress, and
refused to issue a warrant for the arrest of
Littlefield. Whereupon Governor Caldwell
has issued a proclamation offering a rowaid
of $5,000 to any person who will arrest tho
said Littlefield and deliver him in the State
of North Carolina. To this proclamation
Governor Reed responds by oilering a reward
of $5,000 for tho arrest aud delivery to any
Sheriff in Florida of any person kidnapping,
or attempting to kidnap, or take from the
State, the person of the said Littlefield.
Hans Breitmaun’s ethics of political obliga
tion—
l»at any man who gifes me his fote—
Votevcr his boledlc-ks pe—
Shall alfavs be rogartet
Ash bolfdlgal friomlt py mo.
arc undoubtedly tho accepted doctrine in rul
ing political circles at the present time. For
the Chicago Common Council market, how
ever. it should, perhaps, he altered a little
in the first lino, thus—
Dat man who puts up s2oo—
his boledicks pe,
Shull alwsiysbc* regartet
Ash boluligal frleuclt py mo.
THE LAW COURTS.
Convictions and Acquittals in
llic Criminal Court.
More Mechanic's Lien Suits Against the
Bigelow Hotel Property.
Criminal Court.
TEN YEARS OF PRISON LIFE.
William Stack, indicted for an assault with a
deadly weapon (a knifoj upon one Joseph Smith,
was found guilty, and tho penalty of his offence
Used at ten years in tho Penitentiary. It would
seem, from tlic evidence, that Smith, who is a
German, and a cooper by occupation, had at
tended a meeting of Ills trade’s union. As he
was returning he heard tlic cries of a female. He
-.proceeded in tlic direction of the sound, and
discovered a woman struggling in tho
anus of a man. Upon inquiry ho was in
formed that the man was attempting a ravish
ment. He thereupon released tlic woman from
Stack’s grasp, and, in that so t, received eight
separate stabs from a knife plunged into him bv
the convict.
A CHARGE OF FORGERY KOT SUSTAINED.
Henry Short, George Wilson, and Francis La
marth were jointly tried and as unanimously ac
quitted under an mdietnienf charging them with
forgery. It was said of them that they, at buffa
lo, forged the name of 15. 11. Kidder, Muster Me
chanic ot the Lake Shore A* Michigan Southern
Kailroad, requesting conductors and Chief En
gineers of railroads to pass them, as efficient
workmen, upon their roads, upon the pass thov
came u> this city, As tho law of such a case, ft
wassiatcd by the Court that:
If Slmrt ami Gaffney, alin* Wilson, were found inn
freight car of the company. iu tills countv, without
lawful right to oecupy the same, ami if. when arrest,
ed, they claimed a rigid of occupancy hr virtue of tho
pretended pass, that pass being forged, they having
knowledge of theforgery. then a verdict of guilty should
be rendered, and possessing of the forged instrument
should hr held to he pi e.sumptivc proof of the forgery.
And. upon the part of the defendant, that bv the stat
ute of Illinois, it must he »hmvn that the fo’rgerv was
to the personal InJuty of Kidder, and that if tho for
gery was committed outside of this State, then the
court* of this State had no cognizance of the act, if
there was any doubt as to the absolute act of forgerv
bv the prisoners.
WIFE STAimER.
Dennis Smith was charged with having stabbed
his wife Catherine. The blow took effect in her
shoulder. When tho case camo on for trial the
wife could not be found, but her daughter testi
fied. She proved a case, but sentence was sus
pended unon the convict.
Superior Court,
An action on tJie case was instituted by Peter
,7. Connelly against Douglas rl. Taylor, in winch
the damages are laid at SIO,OOO. [The nature of
the ease is not stated.)
UIOKI.OW HOTEL
Edwin Lee Brown tiled his petition asking for
the declaration amt enforcement of a mechanic's
lien upon the Bigelow Hotel property. This is
the fifth or sixth such proceeding.
—Against the same defendants, and to affect the
same propertj*. the Northwestern Manufacturing
filed its petition to enforce a lien claimed, as it is
alleged, lor furnishing a heating apparatus.
ASSUMPSIT,
An action of assumpsit was commenced by
George D. Tate against John C. Nelson, in which
the damages are laidat SI,OOO.
—A like action was commenced against Walter
N. Woodrnil by Charles Ilincklev A: Co., In which
demand is made for $3,612.
—An action, in similar form, was commenced
by Edward F. Doro against Peter Muller and
Ileniy Scharzo. the demand being for $4,000.
INSURANCE CASE.
Suit was brought against the Safety Deposit
Lite Insurance Companv, of Chicago, upon de
mand for S3OO.
RAILWAY MATTER.
An action on the case was commenced bv Isaac
MeClnry against the Chicago Northwestern
Ballwa.v Compan.v and the Northwestern Trans
portation Compan.v, upon a demand for SI,OOO.
County Court.
ADMINISTRATIONS.
Henry Wilkinson was appointed to administer
upon the estate of Nellie Wilkinson, under bond
Ol JCO.OOO.
—SMsannah Wells was appointed to administer
upon tho estate of Matthew Wells, under bond of
$1,200.
—Catharine Kinney was constituted adminls
fratrix of the estate of Thomas Kinney (lateß*
her husband), under bond of SO,OOO.
CiAURDIANSHH*.
Simon G. Myers was constituted guardian of
Samuel M. Myers, under bond of $50,000.
Circuit Court.
JUDGMENT.
By confession, judgment was rendered in favor
of Andreas Hoffman, against Lambert Blum, for
$401.70.
MECHANIC’S LIEN,
A petition was filed by Jacob L. Schuroman,
against William E. Smith and others, to affect
Ia)18 1 ana 2 of Block l. Hayes’subdivision, and
Lots 12, in and 14 of Block 45, Carpenter’s addition.
REAL ESTATE.
Instruments riled for Record on. Thursday,
December 11.
CITY PROPEBTY.
Ualsted et, uof Indiana! st, 20x140 ft. with im
provements, dated Deo. 11; consideration, $3,000.
Lots, in Stevens’ Subdivision of LotlC.inßleck
2. In United States Bank Addition, dated Dec. i
consideration, $l3O. _
West Erie st, between Lincoln and Robey fits,
48x1211-2 ft, dated Nov. 11; consideration, SI,OOO.
Wabash av. between Twenty-flrat and Twenty
second sts, of, 25x120 ft, dated Dec. 1; contidera
tion, sa,ooo.
Halßted Bt, between Polk and Gurley fits, e f,
COM2.'ft, dated Dec. 12; consideration, SO,OOO,
Quinn at, 200 ft be of Wrong st, sw f, 25x120 ft,
Dec. 0; consideration,§7so.
Undivided hf of Blacks 1 and 2 of Race Pear
eon s 1." acres in w bf. so qr. Sec. 23,30, 13, dated
Nov. 13; consideration, $20,000
Lots oto 14, in Block n of DavidS. Lee’s addi
tion, dated Nov. 14; consideration s*> o-'S
Fulton st, 24 ft oof Paulina at. s "f. ”24x123 ft
doted Oct. 25; consideration, $3,200.
Keenon st. e of Wood et, nf, airioo ft dated
Juncls,lß7o; consideration,sl.so.
SOUTH OF CITY LIMITS.
Lot 16, in Dunoan’a resubdivision of Block 7 of
Taylor Krclsrb’s o bf, nw qr, Sec. 4, 33, 14, dated
\ug, l; consideration, S4OO.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1871.
Second Meeting of the Ontside
Stockholders in the Republic
Insurance Company.
Report of a Special Committee on
the Company’s Financial
Condition.
Stockholders Advised to Pay Their
Assessments as Levied by the
Executive Committee.
The country stockholders of the Republic Fire
Insurance Company, to the number of perhaps
two hundred, met again yesterday forenoon at
llarmouia Hall on Lake street. A. Dudgeon occu
pied the chair, and J. R. Payson officiated as
Secretary, Reporters were not received, in
propria persona, still a few might bo detected by
experts hanging on tho verge of the meeting,
They took notes under considerable disadvan
tages as regards the nomenclature of the foreign
orators whoso florid rhetoric it did one good to
listen to. After the formalities of the opening of
the meeting were passed, the committee of one
from each State appointed on the previous day,
reported as follows:
T» the Sli'Cl.iuildfrx aiid Directors of (he Republic Fife
Inxvrancc Cvwpami:
Oknti.kmkx: Your committee appointed to report
upon the financial condition of ttie Republic Fire
Insurance Company, respectfully report that we have
examined the Secretary's statement, and gathered
Ktteh Information from tho Secretary and tho Execu
tive committee, and from other sources as the limited
litre allowed, and wo And that they present actual lia
bilities of thoeompanvaro substantially as follows:
Total certificates of indebtedness issued at -I.
S and Vi months 834.08182
Chicago claims proven 1,100,000.00
Chicago claims not proven 500,000 00
Marine losses 13,000.00
Losses by tiro elsewhere 50,000.00
Amount needed to cancel jtolieies 273,000.00
Total liabilities.
Cash assets In the handaof this company
Citsli on deposit iu U. S. bank noUs
Total 8 512,333.00
Total Habilitlesover rash assets 2,320,701.00
We find that 50 per cent of the entire subscribed
stock Is equal to ?2,35C.709. In view of these facts
yonr committee would recommend to this meeting
that the stockholders of the Republic Piro Insurance
Company should promptly* pay Installments of 10 per
cent monthly attheiimo Indicated by tho Executive
Committee until the necessary sum is raised to
liquidate tho present liabilities of tbo comjiauy. That
then it will be for each complying stockholder to de
termine fur himself whether ho will continue or will
sever his relations with the company.
J. S. McCuat-VX. Chairman.
j. B.Epmonhs, Secretary.
.A motion to adopt the report called ont an ex
tended discussion, and considerable opposition
•was made to the propositln to settle by ten per
cent, monthly instalments, and to all propositions
to continue the business of the. company. Tuo
country stockholders enacted the role or burnt
children, and showed most wholesome dread of
the lire. They had heard enough of underwriters
to last rhemtbc full term of their natural lives.
If too much was not asked of them they would
dotheir best to pay, but If the assessment was
made too heavy they would resist, or evade judg
ment to tbc best of their ability. Nearly all who
spoke wanted the machine stopped at the earliest
moment consistent with decency and honor.
One gentleman said Chat he didn’t want to bo
compelled to continue business after the debts
were paid. Judge Murphy thought so, but ho
begged leave to differ with that dignitary. Legal
knowledge was not all that was needed In this
cose. Let Chicago losses be paid as soon as pos
sible on the best terms consistent with honesty
and honor. In the meantime let no new business
be transacted, and no other liabilities Incurred.
A Voice. What do you mean by new business
What is to bo done if any one wants to come in
and surrender Ids policy I”
The speaker went on to say that ho only refer
red to the assumption of now risks.
A Voice. Arc not other losses to be settled as
well as Chicago losses 1”
The gentleman repliedthat ho supposed some
provision would be made for that.
Mr. Blackburn said only enough money should
lie collected to pay the liabilities of the company.
If that was what the committee meant, why
didn’t they say so. That committee was not
bound by what one man might say. but by its
records. The intentions of tbc committee should
be made known in plain language. An under
standing with the Executive Committee w«*
very much needed. An assessment of 80 f e( .Qt
was asked for, but was not needed; An assess
ment of 40 per cent, 50 per cent at the outside,
certainly would bo enough.
Various other gentlemen spread their views be
fore the meeting, all anxious to secure tin* lowest
assessment possible, and to get out of this bus
iness as speedily as they could. Among the reit
was an Indiana gentleman, who talked in the
same general strain, but. more *c&rgetically. He
said that the people of Indiana had been subdued
by tbc ague into u state of mildness, very agree
able to contemplate and exceedingly easy to deal
with. They would pay nil Just debts with alacri
ty, but more bo could not say for them. They
entertained tire opinion that they had some rights
that could not he infringed. Not to put Coo line
a point upon it, if pressed to tbo wall, they would
resist to the extent of their legal means. If
their property had to suffer, they
would turn over some of their
splendid hoop-polo lands in Jasper and Posey
Counties, the great value of which was known to
all the world, have the whole matter settled up,
the lands rated at the top notch, and sold to pay
their Chicago liabilities. They known thing or
two, did tho people of Indiana, and, to use tho
words of the venerable Mrs. Salrey Gamp, they
were not to bo Impoged” upon.
There was much more talk to tho samopnrposo,
(ifUntiuHnw. The defunct Republic was alluded
to ns a dead carcass, a noisome stench in tho nos
trils. which the people of Chicago could have af
ter the breath was out of it if they wanted it.
All who mingled In tho war of
words thought that 10 per cent assessment
would be ample for all purposes. If a low, and
yet ample assessment were made, tho money
might be paid in by tbc time of tho January
meeting. Thp widows and poor men who hud
been bitten would endeavor to do tbelr best, and
by that time tho required per ceut might bo
raised.
The following substitute was proposed for this
suggestive portion of the report of the com
mittee:
I.Wrdcc*?. That in the opinion of this mooting, the
Chicago mid other 10.-ses should bo adjusted and set*
tied ns soon as possible, and on the best terms that
can he honorably obtained: hut that in the meantime
no new business shall be transacted, nor any liabili
ties incurred: and that no demands should properlv
bo enforced, beyond what is necessary to pay the
losses of thccompanv.
The resolution was shorn of a portion of its
awkwardness by omitting the word propcrlv."
and changing should to “may,” and finally
adopted after a protractod wordy warfare.
Blr. S'ubbs, of .Fairfield, lowa, six feet tall, and
broad In proportion, rose with a diminutive piece
of paper in bis hand, to make a speech. Ho be
gan by praising himself for having been quiet so
lar during the proceedings. Tho gravity of the
business in hand could not bo overrated. It af
footed the whole country as well as Chicago.
There was nothing in the world at this
present moment so elephantine, so
unworthy as the Republic Insurance Com
pany. Two hundred people had gathered in that
hall to talk over its affairs. Four thousand peo
ple in all parts of the conn try had Invested money
m it. These people went Into the company, not
only to parry onl certain great principles of honor
which were inherent In them,but to make money.
Honor was a nice thing in its way; money'-making
was also a nice tiling. Human nature is human
nature tho world over. To uso tho words of tho
immortal Dickens, “She's a rum'im, is natur.”
But wo had been taught that law and
tho principle of honor are synonymous
terms. Tins was tho doctrine of tho com
mon schools. We drank in this with our
mother's milk. If the law says that wo must
make excessive payments, why tho speaker sup
posed that it must he done. But where was this
money to come from I Was there a reporter pres
ent 1 The speaker cast his eye around the hall,
and then began to roll out words of learned
length and thundering sound. Not alone from
tho land where the orange blooms, tho citron
grows, and the pomegranate is fairest of fruit, or
from the diluviallands of aguish Indiana,from
tho broad savannas of Illinois and lowa, or tho
hyperborean regions of Wisconsin and Minnesota,
but from tbo wild detiles of tho Rocky
Mountains, and the far-off slopes of
tho Pacific, where tho Oregon rolls and hears
no sound save his own dasliings, etc. Was there
u reporter pre.-ent If there was tho speaker
cared not If he caught up these dolicato thoughts
and had them wafted to tho four quarters of tho
globe.
Here there were manifest evidences of an In
tention to stille the speaker.
Loud cries of “Go onl Go on
Blr. Stubbs. I shall go on. [Loud applause,
mixed with laughter.]
A voice. If tho gentleman has a resolution, let
him present It.
Mr. Stubbs. I irill read it. It is as follows:
That the Executive Committee ho request
ed to appoint a sub-committee of three of their own
number to confer with those having financial claims
on the conipau}*, and to ascertain at vvJial amount a
coQi]iromiso can be effected for cash to be paid by the
Ist day of March, 1572. ami to report at the annual
moeting in Jnuuarv next.
Twenty-five per cent of the stock owned In
Fairfield can possibly bo collected. Perhaps that
was a fair average in other places. But if these
people in Fairfield were pressed so hard they
might demur. They might not respond readily.
All people in lowa did not agree in sentiment
with this meeting. A circular was being distrib
uted, calling a meeting of tho disaffected stock
holders in that Slate, to ho held at Burlington to
morrow (Friday), at 12 o’clock. Tho speaker
didn't know the objects of the said meeting, still
the meeting was going to be, and the gentlemen
there assembled would not agree with
this meeting. If tho money were paid
in monthly instalments it would be
frittered away In current expenses, etc. If pay
ment of assessments were to be enforced, the
Fairfield stockholders would have the prosecutors
on the hip. Fairfield courts were notoriously
slow and by giving security, trial might at any
time bo put off for twelve months.
Mr. Stubbs was gliding off on to lowa’s war
record, where he was brought up with around
turn by gentlemen calling him to order. Tho
speaker also suggested that the war record of
lowa was slightly foreign to the subject.
Tho oration closed with some allusions to tho
municipal debt of Keokuk, some general remarks,
and a repetition of tho inquiry whether a report
er was present.
The resolution presented by Mr. Stubbs was
adopted with enthusiasm.
A resolution to settle with all policy-holders
was met with cries of ‘‘nonsense,nonsense!*'
Where is the'money to come from i” and other
derisive cat-calls.
Tho matter was referred to the Executive Com
mittee.
The meeting adjourned without day.
At an informal meeting held immediately after
ward. tbo following resolution was adopted:
Jteoleetl, That each of the Directors here assembled
advise all stockholders to pav their assessments as
levied bv the Executive Committee, or sooner, If they
choose, until all liabilities of the company are dis
cliarged. _
A .Safeguard Against Fire in Frame
Buildings.
Davenport, lowa, Dee. lu.
To the Editor of Tht Chicago Tribune:
Sm: As suggestions, looking to a safer mode of
erecting buildings as regards rendering them
nearer fire-proof, seem to bo in order, through
your columns I ask leave to lay before your read
ers a proposition or plan concerning the erection
INSURANCE.
.*2,8.19,081.82
332,095,00
159,m00
ofwoodon buildings; which. la the writer’s optn
lou, ought to be enforced by law in every city
and town in the United Scales, to the end that
millions of dollars might be saved annually. Let
me briefly illustrate:
In an ordinary two-story frame house the flues
will average 25 fee* In height. If a lire be made
in one, at its base, with a combustible material,
say shavings, a good draft will take
tbo flames to the ton in three sec
onds, with a rush ami n roar.
Now if, previous to starting the Are, a tight
fitting cap be put on top of the flue, uo such
thing will lake place. Yon cannot by anv means
force one spark up inside tbo flue and, if you
succeed in getting the fire started at all, it will
be all on the outside.
On the same principle,-if a hole he cut through
thohaso-board in any outside wall of a frame
house, as now constructed, and a lire ho started
with the same material as mentioned for the Hue.
how long will it take to get a blaze to the top and
all over the house, as tbo spaces between tho
studs and joists ore just so miny, and tho host
kind of flues I Every one is conversant with the
difficulties of putting out au incipient tiro loca
ted in the walls of a frame house. If found, it
Is always hard to get at. If holes arc made, it
only adds to the danger by creating more draft.
Now. I claim that all this can he remedied, to a
great degree, by using a system of slops, to be
put in when the frame is erected,and of the same
material as tho frame, cither studding or Joist, in
their respective places, to bo fitted in tight, with
faces flush at right angles with the frame, as often
as is deemed necessary, say every four feet.
Tho stops put in tho floor timbers would an
swer every purpose for bridging. All partition
walls should have such stops, and as frequent as
the outside walls. In large houses of difl’erent
rooms, floors arc often laid so os to meet under
partitions witli open points. This should' not bo
allowed. Stop all draft.
Ido not claim that, if all tho frame houses
which were so speedily reduced to ashes in your
great lire, hart been built after this plan, It- would
have been of umch avail; but Ido claim that, in
your ordinary, every-day fires, it would bo of in
calculable benefit, especially as au aid to the ef
forts of firemen. Yours, Ac. A Farmer.
THE COUNTY COMMISSIONERS.
Mancel Talcott Elected Felice Commis
sioner to Succeed Mr. T.
B. Brown.
Rules Concerning (lie Purchase of all Kinds
of County Supplies.
The Board Resolve that They will Have
Nothing- to Do with Con
tracts, Etc.
Pursuant to adjournment the Cook County
Commissioners met in tho County Treasurer’s
office yesterday afternoon, Commissioner White
in tho chair. There were also present the fol
lowing Commissioners: Ashton, Crawford, Har
ris, Harrison, Hcrting, Hitchcock, Jones, Loner
gan, Pahlmun, Roellc, Skelly, Stearns, Talcott.
THE ELECTION OP A POLICE COMMISSIONER.
The hoard proceeded to tho special order of tho
day, which was, by resolution, the cleotion of a
Police Commissioner in place of T. B. Brown.
Commissioner Loncrgon nominated Manccl
Talcott.
Commissioner Hitchcock seconded the nomina
tion. Ho was a man who was capable, and would
give satisfaction tho people. He would not hesi
tate to support him because he happened to he a
member of tho board.
Commissioner Ashton thought it would he in
compatible withwhat he thought right, that a
member of the board should also be a Police Com
missioner. If he designed to hold both positions,
if was contrary to his (the speaker’s) views of
propriety.
Commissioner Harrison’s views coincided with
Mr. Ashton’s. He believed tho nominee was ca
pable of filling both positions. lie was prompt,
industrious, energetic aud quick. He regretted
that no equally good person had beet* found. Ho
would have been glad If some such man had been
brought before tho hoard. Ho would like infor
mation how far tho Board Cd Police was responsi
ble to the Board of County Commissioners, If ho
gave his vote to Ownnii3id«»'*«r. Talcott. it would
““‘’-'"'.aniling' that ho vrould ffltrc
trtu Commissioner's Board.
Commissioner Stearns regretted that there was
not another man on the West Side who could be
chosen. There was one man absent now from tbo
board. Commissioner Wahl, who might not
qualify. Tho board could not spare Commis
sioner Talcott, Ho could not bold both positions.
The county needed him. He hoped tho Commis
sioner would withdraw his candidacy.
Commissioner Talcott said he was not consulted
as to lib candidacy for tho Commlasionershlp on
the County Poard. He could not decline It.
When Mr. Brown’s resignation was tendered ho
was pressed by the gentlemen in tho neighbor
hood to accept tho appointment. Ho had de
clined twice; but on tho third occasion ho
had accepted. Ho saw no Imperative reason for
his not holding botholllccs, but, out of courtesy
to the board, he would certainly resign the posi
tion ho was at present holding. If elected. It,
therefore, lay with tho board to determine
whether his seat were vacated or not.
Commissioner Ashton said it would be a very
bod precedent for the board tojestablish—the elec
tion of a member of its own body to office, hestlll
retaining his scat. Ho desired to ask the
Commissioners if they could consistently elect
him, should ho retain his seat as Com
missioner. They could not say they would
not vote for him as a member ot tbc* Police Com
mission. Though he had not examined It as a
legal proposition, by tho charter of tho city it
was required that tho Police Commissioners
should give their whole tlmo to the duties of their
ofllce. To to do in both oflices, he believed, was
quite impossible. Ho would most cheerfully and
willingly vote for Mr. Talcott on tho understand
ing that ho would to resign his seat in tho board.
The Chair appointed Commissioners Lonergan
and Jones tellers.
A vote was taken, resulting as follows Whole
number of votes cast, 13; necessary to a choice, 7:
Talcott, 13.
Mr. Tnlcott was unanimously elected
Commissioner Talcott replied in u broken voice,
exhibiting considerable emotion.
His resignation was then banded to the clerk
and read.
Commissioner Crawford moved to postpone tho
consideration thereof indefinitely.
Commissioner Hitchcock suggested that if it
was true that it was legally improper for Com
missioner Talcott to hold both positions, it would
ho well to look into it.
Commissioner Crawford amended his motion
by moving to lay tho resolution on the table.
A vote was taken resulting as follows
Yeas— Hcrtimr. Hitchcock. Jones. Lontrgan, Paid
man. Roclle. and the (.'ltainuau,—B.
■Soys— Ashton, Harris. Skelly, Stearns, Harrison—o.
COCNTV HELP FOR AN INVALID.
A petition from Mary Tigh, requesting tho
hoard to authorize the purchase of a “support"
for the knee ol her daughter, now lying in tho
hospital with a wounded knee, she being unable
to purchase one herself, was presented. The pe
tition showed that without tho “support” tho
physicians of the hospital were unable to make a
permanent cure.
•The prayer of the petitioner was granted by an
unanimous vote.
SUPPLIES FOR THE COUNTV.
The Committee eu Finance, to whom was refer
rcdjtho question of purchasing supplies, reported
the following resolution:
AV.-.ofwd. First, That from and after the time when
these resolutions take effect, no supplies of any kind
which It is tho duty of the countv to provide, shall bo
purchased in any other manner than by contract, with
the lowest responsible bidder, alter proposals shall
have been duly advertised fur. except such articles as
it is Impracticable to specify in advance of the time
when the same will be needed.
.Sceoiul, That within ten days after tho adoption of
these resolutions, and annually- thereafter, on tho llrst
Monday of December, tho County Clerk shall adver
tise for five days in daily newspapers published
in the elty of Chicago,for scaled proposal sfor furulshin
all blank books, stationery, fuel, subsistence
stores, medicines, wearing apparel, or other article*
which may bo required during the ensuing calendar
year by the County of Cook, so far as such articles
can be enumerated lu advance, by tho officer or em
ploye duly authorized to make requisition therefor;
such advertisement shall specify as nearly as nos
siblo the quality of the articles' wanted: that the
same shall be delivered at such places in tho country
as may bo required to enter Into bond with two sure
ties to bo approved by tho County Clerk in a sum suf
ficient to guarantee the faithful performance of the
contract, and that the countv reserves the right to
reject all bids if deemed expedient to do so.
'third, That all supplies of books, stationery, or
other articles necessary for tho use of the several
courts shall bo furnished upon the requisition of the
respective Clerks thereof, approved by the Judges.
All tho supplies, of whatsoever kind, needed for the
Poor House and Insane Asylum shall be furnished
upon Joint requisition of tho Warden and physician
thereof: all supplies forthe County Hospital upon tho
joint requisition of the Warden and County Physician,
and all supplies required by tho County Agent upon
his own requisition; each and all of which requisitions
shall be made from time to time, as supplies of tho
several kinds are needed, and which, before being
tilled under tbo contract, shall be submitted to this
board or to such committee thorcotras may be ap
pointed tojconaldor them respectively for approval.
Fourth, That all articles required for the use of the
county, which cannot ho enumerated in said adver
tisement, shall bo furnished onlv on requisition of tho
department requiring them ns specified in tho lore
going resolution, which requisition shall in like man
ner bo submitted to this board for approval, and shall
thereupon be purchased by tho county agents, but
payment shall not be made until the account shall
nave been dulv audited by this board.
Fifth, In order that contractors mav be able to
offered their goods at the lowest prices, payments
shall be made promptly in cash Immediately after tbo
bill*shall have been audited.
On motion, the consideration of the report was
made tho special order for Monday afternoon.
KO INTEREST IN SUPPLIES.
Commissioner Stearns offered the following re
solution
Befuiml, That no member of this board shall have
any control directly or indirectly, or am* interest
whatsoever in any materials, goods, wares merchan
dize, stationery or supplies that Cook Counts* may n
puiroforu.se or cause to ho used, nor shall ho orthev
receive any money in any way. directly or indirectly
for commissions, or any gifts or presents for any sucu
material used by said County, from any source what
ever during his or their term of office.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
The board then adjourned until Monday.
—Tbe story is told of a witness in an English
court who testilied with great minuteness as to
tbe color of tbe wax used la sealing a will, tbe
kind of matches taken to light the taper, and
other particulars, when tho seal proved to be
only a wafer, bad its parallel tbe other day in
tho Superior Criminal Court In Boston. A
noted individual named Spencer Peltes
was on trial for forgery, and a witness
was produced to prove an alibi, who
swore that the prisoner was in New York
on a certain day, January 27, 1866, and pro
duced a diary in confirmation of the statement,
testifying that the entries relating to tho affair
werd made at the time. Tho diary being exam
ined by the District Attorney and the Court, It
was found that it bore tho printed date of 1369.
It was not considered necessary to cross-examine
that witness.
—A new club, the Knickerbocker, designed to
ho tho most fashionable and exclusive in Now
York, has started and has purchased B. William
Duncan’s Fifth avenue mansion. The members
are limited to three hundred, and the clnh will bo
composed of the Knickerbocker families. The
initiation fee is 91, 1 000.
THE GRAND DUKE.
Arrangements for His Recep-
tion in This City.
Two Floors of the Tremont House
Secured for the Prince and
His Snite.
General Sheridan’s Plans for a Grand
Buffalo Hunt on the Plains—
Spotted Tail’s Indians
Engaged to
Assist*
Of course, everybody knows that the ({rand
Duke Alexis is coming to Chicago. Such was his
object in first planning the trip to America. To
see Chicago as she Was before tho lire had been
for years a desire of the Muscovite Prince; but to
see Chicago after the fire was of vastly more im
portance to him, and ho has been gradually* mold
ing his arrangements to the end tliat he might
reach our city at a time when the great metro
politan wonder of modern times exhibited both
tho picturesque rains of its former splendor and
tbo remarkable spectacle of solid rebuilding in
midwinter. He will come soon after Christmas,
and it is his express desire that his leisure may
not ho impaired by the wearisome
formalities of a great public reception.
Ho will submit to these inflictions at
Milwaukee and St. Louis, which* cities, having
nothing in themselves of interest to anybody,
arc fain to supply their painful deficiencies by a
grand splurge. In Chicago, Alexis has arranged
to have his spare time to himself, in order that
he may derive, by close personal examination,
a fair idea of what tho city really Is aud was. He
feels, too, that it would not he just tho right sort
of thing for Chicago to divert from tho funds
necessary to restore tho city ,and provide for her
destitute people in the meantime, the outlay
which would ho incurred by a big display lu hi
honor, for he knows that if Chicago should un
dertake tho reception business at all, she would
not do It by* halves, hut would organize an uflalr
which would cast wholly in the shade all the at
tempts so fur made in that direction.
Therefore, as has been said, His Imperial High
ness will exclusively reserve for Chicago the
honor of a visit solely of observation and inter
est, so that when he gets back to St. Petersburg
and tells tho Governor about his trip, he will
say, in his frank and unafVectcd way, that there's
some style to a city like Chicago, where tho peo
ple let a fellow alone, and give him a chance to
look around and learn something. While In this
city the Grand Duke will interpose his royal ex
tremities beneath Mr. Drake’s mahogany at the
Tremont House, comer of Michigan avenue and
Congress streets. Hero two entire floors will bo
sot ax>art for tbo imperial party, which Sir.
Drake is advised, will bo made up
as follows: His Imperial Highness, tbo
Grand Duke Alexis; Ills Excellency. C. Catacazy,
Russian Minister: Ills Excellency, Vico Admiral
Possiet; Hla Excellency, W. F. Macbim, Council
lor of State; Count Olaonlief, Mr. B. Bodisco.
Consul General of Russia to the United States
Count Shouvaloff, Dr. Condrin, Lieutenant
Tudcer, of tho Imperial Navy, and Mr. Shirked,
Secretary of Legation, together with a retinue of
light attendants. The apartments reserved for
the party will ho six parlors, with bed rooms aud
bathrooms adjoining, a private diningroom for
the Grand Duke and suite, and eleven bedrooms
No extra effort at elaborate ornamenta
tion will bo made in the rooms, which
will simply be rendered as elegant
and comfortable as anybody* could desire.
Those of the Grand Duke will bo m tho northeast
corner on the second Uoor, commandinga magnifi
cent view of the lake harbor and the rulnod
portion of tho South Division. Mr. Drake will
exercise his accustomed good taste and judgment
in providing for the comfort of the party during
their stay, and it is fair to presume that the* will
not have to complain of JiflYibS been lodged in a
llOiv- COndUCted on [mmi-uiu i«Ktu. Alexis
will pafis a day in this eity, thenee going to Mil
waukee for a day, then returning to remain
another day here, and then departing for St.
Louis.
His course, thenceforward, Is not fully ar
ranged, and will bo affected by his conclusion as
to tho acceptance of General Sheridan’s invita
tion to participate in a grand brtiEnlo hunt on tho
plains. The General has already forwarded the
proposition, and now awaits a reply, it i 3
purpose to proceed, with tho Russian part/; an(l
a few of his staff ofticers, by way of the Unloii
Pacific Railroad to Fort McPherson, Nebraska,
seventeen miles from Platto Station. This dis
tance will bo traversed in ambulances, and from
the fort tho party will proceed sixty miles south,
on horseback and by ambulance, to tho point
where buffalo now exist la almost unparalleled
numbers. The camp will have been previously
sent forward from Fort McPherson, so that ev
erything will have been made snug and comfort
able by the time tho party arrive. A thousand
Sioux Indians, under Spotted Tail and Whistler,
will be on band to participate in tbe hunt, and to
show tho Grand Duke how buffalo are killed en
rrylc. Such a spectacle has rarely, if ever before,
been witnessed, and it is doubtful if
its like would a ever occur again.
Tho opportunity is one worth a thousand
times the trouble, and Alexis may rest assured
that it be tails to avail himself ot it he will forego
one of the most remarkable and Interesting affairs
conceivable. Some fears of unfavorable weather
seem to be entertained by the Grand Duke, but
General Sheridan pledges his extended experi
ence on the plains in giving assurance that he
will sec to it that neither trouble, dlscomfort.nor
delay arise on this accoimt. Ho is In receipt of
the following letter from the otllcer in command
at Fort McPherson, under date of December 10:
Dkak (iF.XKRAi.: I enclose you a note from Mr.
Todd Randall, agent with Spotted Titll. The weather
In delightful here now. Tho days are almost as warm
as Indian summer. Yours truly.
E. M. Hayes. Lieutenant TJ. S. A.
The enclosed letter, referred to bv Lieutenant
Hayes, Is dated Black Wood, December 5, and is
as follows:
Sir Spotted Tail will meet the party coming at the
crosslugof Wilson Creek. Please inform rae wh«n the
pat ty will he there and 1 will have them in readiness.
The Indians are all doing well and are perfectly satis*
tied. Toon Randall, U. a. Sub-Agent.
RECORD OF GOOD FEELING.
A Grand Allegorical Picture for Chicago’* New
City Hall—Letter from the Editor of the Lon
don Graphic to mayor ftlcdill.
The following letter, which fullycxplalns itself,
was received yesterdayby Mayor Medill:
THE GRAPHIC OFFICE, 190 STRAND, W. 0., I
London, Nov. gy, isti. j
To Hnn.Jofeph JfeillU, Jlayor of C/i ica<i»:
Dear SIR: Youaro already aware o'f the profound
sensation caused hero by the dreadful conflagration
at Chicago; and, although all Englishmen were
anxious to render some assistance. It soon became
known that tho liberal donations from your own
countrymen would be sufficient to alleviate actual
distress. Very many, however, were desirous that
some record should ho kept of tho good feeling that
arueC between the two countries out of this raider
tune.
With these feelings uppermost In our minds, it was
proposed by an artist connected with the Graphic
that on allegorical picture should he presented to tin
town of Chicago, commemorative of the disaster and
of the feelings of sympathy and good will displayed
between the united Stales and Great Britain on the
occasion.
This suggestion has been most heartily responded
to bv all the artists, authors, friends, and proprietors
of lids Journal, and I liavo now tho great pleasure of
informing you that the necessary* amount lias been
subscribed and tho commission entrusted toMr.E.
Anuitnge, of tho Royal Academy.
Mr: Armitago has entered into tho matter with
preatspirit, and has kindly consented to nut on one
side tho paintings ho is at present engaged upon, and
at ouec commence making tho necessary studies for
It ishis Intention to draw a cartoon in black and
white, which will bo exhibited at tbo Royal Academy
Exhibition In May next.
1 hope to bo able very soon to send you a rough
sketch of tho painting, which will be on a grand scale,
tho figures being Larger than life: and, in tho mean
time, I send by the same mail a photograph of a paint
ing by Blr. Aimltagothat will give you some Idea of
Ids great powers, tho subject being emblematical of
the suppression of tho Indian mutiny.
On behalf of the numerous subscribers to tills com
roomoratiyo picture, I trust It will be found, when
completed, to bo worthy a place in tbe now Town Hall
ot Cldcago, and afford some pleasure to your citizens.
I am, dear sir, yours, most obediently,
William L. Thomas, Manager of the Graphic.
THE MILITARY IMBROGLIO.
Highly Sensational Rumor from Springfield-
A “Hellish Riot” to he Inaugurated la Chica
go at the Instance ol PrcHidcnt Grant—The
Precise Facts Concerning tbe Presence of
Federal Troops in the City.
The following highly sensational telegram was,
on last evening, transmitted from Springfield
through tho agency of the Northwestern Asso
ciated Press:
SritiNTiKiF.r.D, in., Dec. H.—Considerable excitement
was created In this city this evening by the following
startling announcement, which appeared In the Keen
wpJlfgister: “Wo have just received from a reliable
ami trustworthy source information that it is tho in
tcmlon of President Grant and tho military authori
ties to withdraw the soldiers now stationed at Chicago
sud immediately afterward to Inamrurato a hellish riot
for the double purpose of justifying the sending of
troops to that city, in tho first instance, and to give
President Grant a pretext to declare martial law in
Illinois.” The Itcyutcr denounces tho plot as ‘‘most
infernal and treasonable,” and calls on the Governor
to inquire Into the matter, and call Out tho entire
militia of the State If necessary.
The Washington despatch of yesterdav, which
says a representative from Governor* Palmer,
of Illinois, is in Washington endeavoring
to secure theremovalof the government troops from
Chicago, is authoritatively denied at the executive
office. Tho Governor has not now, and has uever
Iml. any representative or agent at Washington, em
powered to represent his views, or to make any re
quest of the administration. The Governor is of the
opinion tliathlsduty in the matterof the military occu
pation was ended when he had laid tho facts'in the
case before the General Assembly, tho proper guar
dian of the people's rights.
A Triudne reporter, having been deputed to
ascertain tbe facta connected with the presence
of United States troops in Chicago, learned, from
a high and eminently trustworthy source, that
the four companies of tho Eighth Infantry, or
dered to this city at the request of a number of
prominent citizens, are now stationed In toin
goraty barracks at Dexter Park, near the Union
lock lards, and outside of the city limits.
They came from David's Island, and are
hero under the command of Mitfor General Pope,
of the Department of the Lakes, in which Chica
go Is situated. Tbe troops are here, occupying
winter quarters, and have not assumed, audit is
not designed that they shall assume, any func
tions or relations contrary to the dignity of tbe
State of Illinois. This appears to be tue true state
of tbe case, and this is all there is of it.
TO RENT.
TO BENT.
Two new 3-story and basement buildings, Nos. 04
and 56 South Water-st- suitable for wholesale orman
ofacturinjc business. Ready for occupancy January
I.ISTi Apply to W. H. SAMPSON <t CO.. Real Es
tate and Douse Beating Agency, 255 West Madison-st
WATCHES,
ililaj Fnls!
ELGIN WATCHES.
Full-plate Movements, adjusted to tem
perature, in Gold or Silver Cases, for
Gents’ nse.
The B. V 7. Baymond, H. Z. Culver, and
H. H. Taylor movements are especially
recommended.
The LADY ELGIN, in Gold Hunting,
enamelled, or engraved case, continues
the most popular watch for ladies’ use
yet offered for sale. Mo more charming
present could he made than one of these
beautiful time pieces.
The ELGIN WATCHES, of style and
price according to taste and purse, are
for sale by all Chicago Jewellers.
Mo movements retailed by the Com
pany.
The Elgin Illustrated Almanac for
1872 has just been received from the
Aldine Eress, and is in the hands of Chi
cago Jewellers for presentation to their
customers. It will also be forwarded by
mail to any address upon application to
Moial (Sip) Mi Co.,
Cor. Green Waslungton-ste.,
CHICAGO. ILL.
HOLIDAY GOODS.
FOR
Christus ail Hew Year’s
PRESENTS,
GO TO THE
Arcade Cutlery Store,
353 West Madison-st,
LARGEST ASSORTMENT OF
HOLIDAY GOODS
IN THE CITY.
CLOAKS, ETC.
We will open this morning
50 Reel istracta CIS,
at S2O, and a large 'assortment at 525
anq upward; 5 pieces more of 28-
mch all Silk Lyons velvet, at $10:
and 2 pieces S2-inch at sl2. A fine
assortment DOUBLE CAPE CLOAKS,
ready made.
Examine onr DRESS GOODS, at half
price.
iTcium&co.,
171 TWENTY-SECOND-ST.
STOVES.
LARGE SIZE
BRILLIANT
BASE-BURNERS
For heating* Stores, Halts, and largo
rooms, manufactured by
J.F. RATIIBOiV E C®
30 and 32 South Canal-st.
CLOTHING.
We are anxious to
close out a large lot of
fine Surtout and Sack
Overcoats, which we
will sell far helow value;
cause why, we must
have money. Business
Suits equally low.
A.D. TITSWORTH CO.,
197 and 199 West Madison-st.
REMOVAL.
removal;
I. M. MQO6E CO.
Hare removed their Insurance Of
fice from 6S South Canal-st. to
213 East Madison-st.
MISCELLANEOUS
BUILDERS!
IFf. 18.
The advertiser will contract to furnish
FRAMES, DOORS, CASINGS. MOLD
INGS, and STAIR WORK for Stores,
Dwellings, Churches, and Hotels, of the
best material and workmanship, deliv
ered as required. Estimates on applica
tion. Satisfaction guaranteed. Refer
ences famished. Address XY, MANU
FACTURE, Tribune office.
THE CHICAGO MAGAZINE.
CHICAGO MAGAZINE
This splendid periodical comes ont m a double num
ber that lias even more merit than any previous issue
finer it contains eight paces of fashion cuts and near-
Ivllity engravings illustrative of the tire, besides the
best and most complete account that ha- been printed.
MRS. M. L. 11AYXE, Editor and Proprietor,
23U West Madison-.-t,
C?‘Wcstcm News Co. agents to the trade.
IRON BEDSTEADS
■^^WW/l/WWAWVVV/.W.V/AM
IRON BEDSTEADS
AttheFactory, southwest cor. of Vanßurea and De?-
plalnes- sts. Dealers liberally dealt with.
SOCIETY MEETINGS,
Jtlasonic.
Annual Couvoca'ion of Washington Cliapler,
M). 43, K. A.
This evening, at 7 I*2 o’clock. Election of
officers other important business. A full
attendance expected. By order of the H. P*
JOHN WHITLEY,
Secretary.
Masonic.
Dearborn Lodge, No. 310. A. F.&A- M. C JJ
communication this (Friday) evening, T liint
Hall, cor. Madison and Rohey-fs. .MT® or-
Degree. Visiting brethren conhtUb I°' „q E g t c
deroftbcW.M. A. F. LAitc.r..-tL
Jtlasonic- _
Annnal
a”! fortt'e«“>I’ 0 lll fduM
By order W.M. Tf clyboUß^ See, pro tcm.
jtlasomc.
°*.unainess as may be pre-ented, will be held
kSSf&SSS&r.
>RY 00003.
SHAY,
i-iW.ffllW,
Will offer, Friday, Dec. 15, a
new and attractive stock of
Ladies’ Bows and Scarfs,
Gros Grain Ribbons,
Black Gimps,
Colored Fringes,
Velvets and Plushes, and
Velveteens in all colors.
We have the largest and best
assorted stock of Black Gimps;
and can match all Dress Goods
in Colored Fringes.
We invite our customers to
look at these goods.
HOLIDAY GIFTS.
ELEGANT
Mil His!
BROWN PRIOR,
659 WABASH-AV.,
W ill exhibit, on MONDAY. own importation of
Paris and London Novelties, hi
Velvet and Silk Rouse Coats, Dressing
Rohes, Silk and Cashmere Mufflers,
Kid Mils, English Driving Gloves of
superior quality, Rich Handkerchicls,
Cases, and Canes; Carleton, Lorhc,
Windsor, DeJoinville Scarfs and
Square Cravats, quite new: together
with an unequalled stock of MERLVO,
ANGOLA, and CaUTTTA CLOTH UN
DERWEAR.
The Ilia above soml. bavin*
uern c.-dereil previous to the late* fire, for our
‘“VtiIDAV TILADE. will offer extraordinary
PLEASE CALL AND EXAMINE.
NEW BOOKS.
mzw BOOSSS.
LUCIA: HER PROBLEM.
•A. NOVEL,
l‘y Mi-s Amaxha M. DoudLAf*, author of Ju
rmst." With Fate Against Him,” etc.
Guo vol. 1" mo.. cloth, price yt
Miss Douglass is now one of the niost'bVunanY nov
elists 1:1 tin.- country, anti this new story will add
greatly to her reputation.
MRS*. EDWARDS* NEW STORY
OUGHT WE TO VISIT HER?
-A- NOVEL.
By Mrs. Axxu; Ei>\v.\i:ns t author of “Archie Lovell.”
“Steven Lawrence, Yeoman,” “Susan Field
ing.” etc.
One vul., s vo., paper st.oi
cloth 1.75
111.
AN ENTIRELY NEW EDITION OF
OUR POETICAL FAVORITES,
With 100 Paces of New Matter.
It is hclieV^ l lUat this is the best collection of Po
ems ever made.
OnevoL. 12mo, tinted nailer, bevelled boards,
price $2.00
Full gilt, price -7S
Tnrk«->-.
BECESm PUBLISHED.
justim McCarthy’s new story
LADY .ILDITII,
A TALE OF TWO CONTINENTS.
One vol., sxo, elegantly illustrated, bound in nrr
pur, price
One vol., 8 ro, elegantly illustrated, bound iu
cloth, price
OVERLAND.
A NOVEL.
By J- W. DF.Fontrvr, author of “Kate Beaumont." otc.
One voL, svo, bound In paper, price at 00
bound In clotb, price i.Ti
Either of the above scut by mall on receipt of the
price.
SHELDON COMPANY,
GT7 Broadway. New York.
PERFUMERIES.
GILLETTJITUS&CO.
SAVE IN STOCK
Alexis Boquet, Barney’s Tea Rose,
Lubin’s Genuine Extracts, Fancy Per
fume Boxes, Fine Toilet Soaps, Hair
Gils, &c.
MICHIGAN-AV.,
Between Vanßnren and Congreas-sta.
BUSINESS CARDS.
Boors, Basil, Blinds,
WINDOW FRAMES,
i&OLDIAGS, BRACKETS, STAIRS, STAIR
EAIUAG, BALISTERS, POSTS, AC.
We now have on hand the largest and mod com
plete stock of goods in onr lino in the West, and aro
prepared to till orders promptly. Goods delivered free
of charge. Otlice and manufactory'.
Corner Weit Ttrcnfy-secomi and rn!on*sts.»
(Lumber District!. _
I'ALMEIt, PCI.LEP. CO:
EAGXJ? XEOMTOUWDBT,
(Established In 15-10,)
SAMUEL J. CRESWELL, Jr.,
512,814, SIC, and SIS Bace-st..
PHILADELPHIA.
Iron Fronts, Stairs, Girders, Lintels, Columns, etc.
etc. Light and heavy Water Pipes.
CIIAS. HOFFMAN,
Watchmaker and Jeweller,
(Formerly S3 North Clark-at),
*26-1 MILW AXJXCBIC- AV.
TLtGGIi B CO.,
Commission Merchants,
For the «alo of DRESSED HOGS, CRAHr. Ac., O
Wr°j W.hiilnrton.»l.. C!,Uaw lPTite€orrc..i.on(lrnro.
rOB SALE.
A Decided Bargain.
House and Lot 1381 Indiaua-av.,
Has rooms, 7 large closet?, furnace, gas fixtures, hot
water. ihjwls. etc., brick cellar. Only SI,OOO cash, bal
ance easy-
APPLY on the PBEKISES.
Safe For Sale.
A fine Fire and Burglar-Proof Bankers' Safe, made
by Schumacher Johnson, Milwaukee: 1,000 lbs.
Burglar chest, with combination lock, inner door, and
first-class In every respect. Will be sold cheap.
HUGH MTcLANNAN CO.
Office Shot Tower Building.
1,000 BRXS. CIDER.
We have for sale, and shall keep constantly ou hand.
Michigan Cider, nuuuiiactun d in years IST 1-
All warranted pure. CURTISS A CARTER.
Produce Commuslou Merchants ami De;dcr* m Do
_ mestlc Dried Fruits. 127 Michigan-av. m
SKATES AND SLEIGH BELLS.
SKATES Sl* BELLS.
J. JL. WAYNE A
II NORTH CANALS**