STATE LEGISLATURE.
Resolution Providing for Official
Reports Passed in the
Senate.
Ceok County Proposition to the
-Legislative
Committee-,
Textof 3. Bil|, to Extend the Powers
"of ‘'ne Mayor of Chicago.
.Another Gentle Reminder to Ab»
sentees of llie Chicago
Delegation.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
COOK COUNTY ABSENTEES,
Springfield. TIL, Nov. 22.-Tbo absentees from
Cook County thißjnojning are Dixon, Brayton,
Foss, Austin and Herficld.
REVENUE BILL.
The Senate Revenue Committee yesterday
evening struck out of Its bill the provision
taxing shares of stock, as well as property
represented by It, and also the pro
vision taxing gross receipts of express
and other companies, intending to substitute a
Ilecnso system therefor. The bill has boon placed
In the hands of competent gentlemen to bo re.
modelled, and will not come up again for a week.
The changes made have taken out of the bill two
very obnoxious features.
MUNICIPAL REFORM SILL.
The bill extending the powers of tho Mayor of
Chicago, &c.,was Introduced this morning. No
-oppoei tion has ye t developed itself, and tho dlffl
-eultr in its way is that to pass It must receive 118
votes, and that number has not yet been here at
.any one time.
OFFICIAL REPORTS.
Are relation to employ official reporters was
passed by tLe Senate, with an amendment, by
'which th© reporters nr© not to get stationery from
the State. There was a long and unimportant
■discussion. The reeolation, or contract, also pro
vides that the paper containing the reporta
shall be fnmished members at two cents
pec copy. Whether the Legislature
is authorized to pay the money to reporters im
-order that member* may b« furnished wlthpa
•pors at a certain price, is questioned by many,
end it it hard to see precisely what benefit per
sons not members got from the arrangement. A
large price is paid for reporting in order that
members may get papers chiefly, which is a now
-and curiousplan of getting nrouud the constitu
tional provision thatmemhers shall hare no direct
or indirect emolument or allowance. The resolu
tion in this form will bo much discussed in the
Douse before passing.
A BRILLIANT IDEA.
One of the Cook County members goes up to
night with a magnificent idea, which is that the
Doard of Supervisors will meet to-morrow, ac
cept the n-MMuanon of Police Commissioner
Drown, and elect General Mnnn, or some other
individual, to fill the vacane}*.
TIME WASTED.
TbcHcnsc waa in-Committee of the Whole
nearly all day, and accomplished nothing worth
mentioning.
LEGISLATIVE ArrOHTJOKVENT.
Tho Joint Committee on Legislative Apportion
ment met last night. Mr. Carter submitted a
propctitii n for Cook County, as fol
lows; First District—First, Second, Tonth,
aim Eleventh Wards; Second District —Third.
I'oui Jli and Fifth Wards, and Hydo Park and
Jake; Third District—Sixth, Seventh, and
Words; FmiUU District—Ninth, Twelfth,
sind T!r»rt*M utli Wards: Fifth District—Four
tr«nth, Fifti-enth, and Jtightcenth Wards; Sixth
Di-iriet—Si.Mo r>th,ScvouT«*?nh. Nineteenth, and
Twentieth Wauls; Seventh District—All tho
cirjtty towns. The committee went on la a for
mal way and divided up the greater part of tho
State, It is easy to see that there will be much
difficulty iu making a satisfactory arrangement.
CHICAGO MUNICIPAL REFORM BILL,
The fellow lug Uihebiu power
of the Mayor of introduced by Mr rClbg
A but for ar> imt concerning the appointment
and removal of city officers In oil cities in this
State having more than ico.ooo inhabitants, and
conferring additional power and duties upon the
Mayors «»r such Mine, and concerning the appro-
TnftUon or ordinances that maybe passed
in such cities.
J?™' ‘narlri.tr.. Tlmt In nil oitios
in this fitwic, tlmt li.r tho Inst Federal cen
-sw.™? 1 ,iUI1 and which l.y imy luture
Federal census shall contain, moro than
hundred thousand lubabirants. all
<ctty offlcfr»,wf osc elecllna by the qualified voters
thereof is nut provided for by law. and alsomem
lien of board*, otgauized under the charter, or
amendments thereto.of any Mich city shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor of the cltv.by and with tho
adrioo and consent of the legislative authority
a majority of all the members elect can
cuTTdng by yeas nml nays entered upon Its jour
's*;. Ajiy city officer, or member of acy such
.board In. this section incntloacd.inay bo removed
by the Mayor of any such oily, wheu. in his opin
ion, the {lnterest of tiie dfy may require such re
moval. In ease of a removal from, or of a vacan
cy. In, any such office or board, n saoceseor may
be appointed by tihe Mayor, with the like
consent of the legislative authoriy of uuy such city.
£cc. 2. The Maj or of any such city shall have
power at any and nil times to examine and in
spect the records, book* and papers of any board
officer,agent or servant A»f the city, aad to re
quire from him or them a detailed statement. In
writing, of any Transaction of saeli board officer,
agent or servant. It shall Ik* tho duty of any such
Mayor, when requested by resolution to furnish
to the legislative authority of nny such city or
cither branch thereof, any information in his pos
session or control concerning any mutter or trans
action connected with Ids administration of tho
•city government. The Mayor of every such city
shall be held responsible for the good order and
government of the city. He shall have and exor
‘-clse within tho city limits tho powers con
ferred by law upon Sheriff of counties
to suppress disorder and keep tho peace,
and in the exercise of such powers shall bare
■under his control all tho officers and members of
the Police and Fhv Departments of the city.
Sec. 8. Tlmt whenever by law the legislative
authority of any Mich elty I* required to provide
for municipal exi*emlltures by the passage of an
annual appropriation bid or ordinance it shall,
and may be lawful for the Mayor thereof, when
nny such hill or ordinance is submitted to him for
approval or disapproval, to veto anv ono or more
JU’Dis or appropriation contained In such bill or
ordinance, or to veto or approve the entire bill or
ordinance. If he shall veto only a part of
such bill or ordinance mid approve
the remainder, the part approved shall bo as valid
os if the whole ordinance had boon approved, and
be shall report to such legislative authority bis
Teutons for vetoing the part of the ordinance
vetoed, nnd the same pnuMWilmr* shall bo had as
to the items, or parts-vetoed, as is by law pro
vided to be had when them is u veto of tho bill or
ordinance as n whole.
Bec. t. Win reaa the pood government of all
such cities require that this net shall beta force
forthwith; and -whereas, inconsequence of tho
great destruction of taxable property in tho
city of Cfiicr.go, by live, on tho Bth and
oth of October, iS7i, an imperative
nccess’ty exists for strict accountability of all
'boards «cd officers of that city tn ibo Mayor and
the legislative authority Thereof, for the purpose
of securing the grrn‘o«t economy and fidelity .of
expenditure, together with unity anil responsi
bility In the municipal government, hence an
■emergency exists that lids Isw «haU take effect.
Tills net bu«U take effect and be hi force from
mid after Its passage.J
I.EGIHI.ATTVE.
SENATE.
Spuiscftelu. Not. yj.
CANADA TJUsTI.KS.
Mr. NH.-lIOI.SON, from the Committee on Ag*
rtcuifure, reported back the Semite mu 239, relsit
.-lug to Canada thistles, with a baker's dozen ol
»n.ondmculs whh-h were concurred in.
Ol ITCIAL REPORTS. 1
f»Mr. BISHOP, from the hrleet committee,to
whom was referred the matter of official report
ing, reported substitute for the original resolu
tion, providing that tuc Bartlett and
Jlickey, wlioaCTee to make an official report for
s2sper day. including three days after adjourn
ment, at bull-price, such reports to bo famished
At two emits per copy II published in circular
form, or it In newspaper at five cents per copy,
the Str.tn to he put to no expense for printing, and
the Gene: al Aswmbly to terminate the contract
■on live days’notice,
Mr. KERB was of opinion that tho price was
too great—was more than cmild be earned.
Mr. LANGLEY vailed attention to an Incon
sistency in the propose*! contract. Tho reporters
’propvM'd to furnish reports for $25 per day, and
then allow them to charge from two to five cents
3>cr copy, lie was opposed to paying newspa
pers for publishing matters or general interest to
Ihc Etstc.
Mr. PIERCE said that there appeared to be
sunny uncertainties. The report was uncertain
In the matter of stationery to bo furnished ro
.certainty is that each of these enterprising gen
tlemen would reoelvos2s per day each.
Mr. BISHOP defended the proposed contract
from the Imputation of excessive cost, citing the
•example of the Constitutional Convention re
ports.
Mr. TINCHER offered an amendment provid
ing that the Stale should in no way become
-responsible for the stationery or printing paper
lifted by official reporters. Ho was ot the opinion
that Senators were about to open a door to the
taking of manv dollarsMrom the Suite Treasury.
MjrPIEROE nrgucd that the proposition was
to a contract which was not authorized by
law, consequently no payment could he made
under the constitution.
Mr, BISHOP defended the original proposition
as against Mr. Tinchcr’s amendment,- stating
that the commit cc understood that the State fur
nished no stationery °r printing paper, but dual
ly accented tbo amendments.
Mr. BTREYELL moved to amend by providing
for a tennlmmou of thooontractou three days
hertioo instead of five. Accepted.
The report of the committee was concurred In,
The PRESIDENT ruled that the resolution, ba-
Ingapeeuliiir one. cajuo under the provisions of
the Forty-eighth Buie, requiring three -readings,
engrossment, signatures of the President and
Speaker, and approval of tbo.Govemor. Ho pro
ceeded to take, iho opinion of Senators. The reso
lution was adopted— yuan, 21 uuvs, 12.
TUB VBaBMUTIoK LAWS.
air. KERB introduced* nisidiuiun requesting
'-vottgres# to puss n bill the preemp
tion of land by lumorabiy discharged .AOldi«*xa
Vi° w iu time servlou to Up<la
dcncc? n iU thu lilue 'required for actual red-
Mr. EPLED offered a substitute urovtittn<* ttiit
soldiers orsailor* in the luo war,Vr 9 tlU *q.iow,
chbdrcaor f-uher, iu the er^r’ named, nS
locate Upon Itouvu*. or m b. u revive s\ war
rant therefor, which hu deft-uded lii carm-st ru
marks.
Mr. FULLED moved to amend the amendment
l*y sulking out JOO am* au.iiUM-tiuj- auras
Which was adopted—yea.-. 22 nays. U.
Mr, KERB expressed regicr aiiho turn affairs
had token. The Senator from Boone knew Con*
gtees would never grant 640 acres. He (Kerr)
was earnest in bis efforts to benefit the soldier.
Mr. McNULTA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was Adopted, which
Mr. EPLEE moved to lay on tho table. Lost—
aye, 22; yens, 11.
The vote was reconsidered,
Mr. HARLAN moved to strike out “(Hn acres”
ami insert 160.” Lost—yeas, 27; nays, 6.
The debate closed, and the resolution at
amended was lost—yeas, 22; nays, 31.
The original resolution wag adopted—yeas, 23*
nays, none.
NEW ntLLS.
Mr. VA N DORS TEN introduced ’a bill for an
**.H»ronrl«t:on to complete the north whig of tho
Southern Insane Asylum.
Mr. DORR Introduced a bill to provide for now
assessment of property whore the records have
been lost or burned. v
Mr. REDDICK introduced a bill to authorize
cities, having nut exceeding 15,000 population, to
levy taxes for corporate purposes.
Mr. CARTER introduced u bill concerning tho
npnointmentand removal of city ofllcors in all
cltw s mthis State, bavins more than 100,060 in
habitants, Ac. Ordered to a second reading,
c miscellaneous.
hhtonlU No. 272, enabling certain villages to
veil commons derived from lorcign grants, Ac.,
wnsreart a third time and made the special or
der for December 1, at Ua. in.
cenufe hi 11273, to prevent gift enterprises and
lotteries from tho sale of tickets In this State, Ac.,
was read n third time.
Mr. HAMPTON opposed the'blll ns calculated
to trommel the pubUo press. He cl tod church
fairs where gift enterprises and lotteries pre
vailed, the advertising of which would render a
publisher liable to lino.
Mr. FULLER defended the bill on the ground
of public morality. Passed—yeas, 32; nayss, o.
Senate bill 2C3, to prevent members of official
boardslugHugcontrol ot piddle-works from be
coming MQtvostcd in tho construction thereof.
Passed— fern a 27; nays 4.
Houfio bill 23, to nm-‘ud Chapter 30 of Revised
Statutes, entitled Bigamy.” Mr. MoNULTA op
posed tho bill, which was postponed to to-morrow
at 11 a. m.
House bill 246. to repeal the act incorporating
tho city of Nashville was read a third time, and
postponed to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
CHICAGO REFORM BILL.
Mr, KING offered tho bill in relation to the
powers of the Mayor of Chicago, tin drawn up by
Mr. Modill, which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
HUPREMK COURT DECISIONS.
The Committee on Printing was ordered to in
3uirc into the expediency of printing reports of
cciaions of the Supreme Court.
SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS.
Mr. BOOT introduced a bill giving the corpor
ate authorities of cities, towns, and villages
power to make local Improvements by special
assessment on and taxation of contiguous prop-
JURISDICTION OP JUSTICES,
A couple of bills, fixing the jurisdiction of Jus
tices at two hundred dollars, were introduced, it
being yet unsettled whether similar bills were* or
were not, passed lost winter.
PROPOSED DOG TAX.
Mr. PRITCHARD Introduced a bill to protect
sheep-breeders against tho ravages of dogs, by
providing, by tho taxation of dogs, a fund out of
which to pay losses suffered by sheep-breeders,
any surplus to go to the school fund.
ABSENTEES.
Mr. PHELPS tried to got in a resolution pat
ting on the journal, every morning, tho names of
absentees, but the House declined to suspend the
rules to consider it.
ATTACHMENT IN CIVIL CASES.
The bill In regard to attachment •in civil oases
was fatten up, the question being on concurring
in an amendment. The bill was discussed at
great length, and finally ordered engrossed fsr a
third reading.
IN COMMITTER OF THE WHOLE.
In tho afternoon the House went into Commit
tee of the Whole. Bill to repeal the act fora
county rood in Cook County, in tho town of Lake,
was laid on tho table.
The bill to allow special terms of Circuit Courts
w&b favorably considered, as were bills relating
to drovers' marks and brands.
Tho bill to provide for tho appointment of
guardians to habitual drunkards, was ordered
reported back without recommendation.
Tito bill to prevent this putting of notices, &c.,
on buildings, walls, Ac., was favorably reported
on, as was one amending the law punishing cru
elty to animals, by providing a penalty for not
feeding, and over-driving horses and cattle.
The eommttteo then recommended that all bills
on eminent domain be made tho spool*! order for
next Tuesday.
The bill rcj»enllnc tho provision of the law of
18C9, by which foreign insurance companies arc
allowed to make the same annual statement ot
their condition to tho Auditor as is required of
home companies, was favorably considered.
The bill to provide fop tho safety of people at
railroad crossings was favorably reported back,-
The MU relative to ©strays was discussed for
some time, and then laid ono side.
The committee rose.
OFFICIAL PRINTING.
The Senate joint resolution in relation to
oftlcid reporting was read and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
REFORM SCHOOL BILL.
Mr. SULLIVAN offered bill to consolidate
Chicago nud Pontiac Reform Schools.
Adjourned.
FOREIGN,
fercat Britain.
LONDON, Nov. 22.—Reports of disasters to th 6
shipping by tho recent storm continue (o eomo in
from all quarters. Tho Egcria was driven ashore
on tho Irish coast and became a total wreck.
Fiv2 of her crew were drowned.
The rowing match for the championship of tho
Tyne, fo-doy, Was Won by tnZ Taylor crow, who
boat tho Rcnfortb* by three lengths.
The Stcpmship Prussian has arrived from Liver-
F The London Torres says Ashbury will call his
new yacht the CuJdinblo, hi commemoration of
the reccm visit to America.
Persia.
New York. Nor. 22.—Tho London Times, speak
ing of the famine in Persia, stated that two-thirds
of the carrying animals in the country have died,
and the details regarding the inhabitants arc too
horrifying for repetition.
Italy*
Nrw York. Nov. 25.—A Paris paper has an ac
count of an interview granted by the Pope to a
Jorge bod}' of persons. Ono of the number, asking
him how long the oppression of w tho Church
would continue, the Pope replied:
“Wc should resign ourselves to tho
will ot tho Most High, and pray without ©easing
for the whole world; for 0 verywhere evil is mak
ing fearful progress. In France impiety is now
again lifting Us bead. In Germany heresy is
making grejit efforts to oxipress tho Christian re
ligion and establish its own greatness upon Its
ruins. But what is still more lamentable ia that
this impious movement Is countenanced by gov
ernments. In Russia, Spain, Switzerland, indeed
everywhere, revolution seeks to triumph und drag
down society Into an abyss of ovll. M
XSclsinm*
Bnrsskln, Nor. 28.—'There wn» an animated
debate to-dny In the Belgian Chamber of Repre
sentatives upon tho subject of the nppolntnmnt
ns Governor of the Province of Lcmtmrg of M.
Docker, former manager of the Belgian school
sytlem. The appointment was vigor
ously attacked by tho opposition,
and warmly defended by the
government. The unpopularity of the appointee
is such that crowds of the populace marched, this
evening, to the King’s palace and loudly de
manded the dismissal of the Ministry. In view
of these demonstration*, preparations have been
made by the military for the suppression of any
disorder which may occur.
Slcxlcoi
New York. Nor. 22.—Despatches from Mata*
moms say the revolutionary movement is becom
ing general in Mexico. General Rocha was
marching to the relief of Saltillo. The place was
Ecverelv propped by the revolutionists, so that a
npcodv issue of the contest at that point was Im
minent. General Alafom was engaged incon
stant observation of the movements at Oaxaca,
and Diaz was busy in fortlfylngthe plaoe. Joarer
repeated his request to Congress for a parlia
mentary rote to give extraordinary powers to
the President-
Mexican citizen* subscribed money for the re
lief of Chicago and fur tho aid of suflerers by the
fire in Wisconsin.
West Indies,
Port au Prince, Nov. f>, via Havana, Nov.
22.—Tho cose of tho steamer Hornet remains un
changed. The Spanish iron-clad man-of-war Sar
agossa is expected.
Tho Haytleus have reinforced tho garrisons in
the forts here and placed the guns m position,
and troops are being hold in readiness foractiro
service.
Coffee is in demand at Aux Cayos, and k tho
Itrleehns an upward tondency.
San Domingo, Nov. 9.— Shocks of earthquake
wore felt, on tho soth ultimo, on St. Donnnloa,
Vincent. Lucia, and other Islnnda.
ST. Thomas. Nov. ic, via Havana, Nov. 22.
The Captain of tho steamer Florida, now In this
port, called upon the American Consul and de
manded protection, stating that he was ready to
proceed to sea. but was afraid, on account of the
Spanish war vessel.
‘WISCONSIN.
Award sf the Arbitrators la the Fox aad
Wisconsin Hirer Improvement Compa
ny's Case—Dissatisfaction of tho Com
pany’s Counsel,
Special Despatch to The Chicago Trtbcns.
Madison, Wls., Kov. 22.—The Beard of Arbi
trators appointed by Congress to take testimony
and report as to the valuation of the property of
the Box and Wisconsin Diver Improvement Com
pany. hove made tbelr report, wnlchla published
m tbo Journal te-nlght. The award will be
forwarded to the Secretary of War, It is under
stood that the awpvd is substantially as follows;
value ot looks, dams, franchises, etc.,
tses.mo; water power. $140000; per
sonal property, $40,00o; total. 11.018.070. From
which deduct for proceeds of lands,
*723.e:0; balance, $325,000. Under the
law the proposition may bo accepted In whole or
in part. In case it should be deemed advisable to
take only tbo improvement proper, the following
deductions may be made from the 1325,000. Value
of $i*0,ooo; personal property,
Jto.oc*: total, $iso,ooo; leaving a balance oi
The Journal favors tho project 0! the govern
ment taking tho whole matter at an. award of
$325,000. Mr, Stevens, attorney of tho Casnl Com
pany. expressed great dlssatlsfastlon at tho
amount ot the award found by the arbitrators, on
learning the amount, and requested them again
to meet for further aonsideratlon. The commis
sion xuel informally this morning, and Mr.
elevens made a lengthy argument, urging that
the award was too low, and should be opened
for repairing and Increasing the amount. Mr. E.
W. Keyes, Attorney for the government, entered
a, protest to such action. Tho majority of the
arbitration, Hon. Paul Dillingham and Colonel
Lariul‘CC,docliltMl that said award could not ho
opened and considered. Judge Doolittle. CUilr
man, expressed his dissent from that decision.
Tbo weather bps been very cold to-day. tho
thcimoiucter standing 13- above zero.
War Deparlneat Weather Report.
WA«ntN«TON. Nov.-as,—Tho barometer will
probably rife, on Thursday, on tho lakes and In
»w England, with cold westerly winds and
rlovdy weather; fall in the Southern ami Gulf
FtntrX with south* t Plerly winds and rising tem
perature. The cloudy weather preyalllngm the
Rockv Mountains will probably extend, with a
falling temperature., into the Mississippi V.dK y.
Dangerous winds arc not anticipated for our coast
this evening, 1
-TJeutCDftnt Governor Dunn °r*
lennH yesterday- The business of the oltj all bus
pcudtd to duj' out of rotpeot to tho deceased.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE;
HEW YORK
4 r.
-w i ■i, _ i
Another Story About the AI
leged Anti-Grant Coali- 1
tion.
Bntler Comes to the Rescue and
fflafces a General Genial..
Daily Bevietr of the Zieadiag Markets.
Bpecisl Despatch to The Chios go Tribune,
MONET.
Kew.York, Nov. 22.—Money was easy to-day on
call at sto 6 per cent. Prime endorsed commer
cial paper sells at 7alo per cent, with few sales un
der 8 per cent. There are indications, however,
of n better demand lu the Immediate future.
Currency la going South in moderate amounts,
and the demand fog pork, It is thought, will begin
to be active next week.
GOVERNMENT BONDS
wore strong at tho boards on nn average volume
of business. The foreign bankers are buying
what they can for shipment, and are also send
ing out first-qlam railroad bonds. Within .»*hort
time one firm has bought about $3,000,000 of
called bonds at nearly par and
interest. The closing quotations for Pacific
Railroad securities were: Central, 103 1-4 to
203 1-2; Union gold bonds, 91 1-2 to 32; land
grants, 78 3-8; incomes, 82 1-2; stock, 27 3-4 to
27 7-8.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE
was weak, with quotations at 103 1-3 for prime
sterling.
COLD
opened at 110 3-4, and was steady daring the day,
fluctuating between lio 5-8 and 110 7-8, and closed
at the opening price. On gold loons the rates
were 1-64,6, 7, 1-32, and 3-64 to flat, and for
carrying, 5, a, and 3 per cent. Theblds for gold at
tho Bub-Treasury were $6,657,000, at prices from
HO to 110 T6-100, and the amount awarded was
12,000,000, from no 631-2100 to no 77-100.
TUB STOCK MARKET
was generally weak, without any special features.
The principal topics of Interest were the an
nouncements that two millions of new
stock will be Issued by the Pittsburgh, Fort
Wayne Chicago Railroad, and that the lease of
the Cleveland A Pittsburgh Road to the Pennsyl
vania Railroad, at a 20 per cent rental for 999
years, was consummated yesterday. Among other
reports those that the negotiations for the lease
of the Philadelphia, Wilmington 6i Baltimore
Road to tho Pennsylvania Company are neatly
completed, and that the Pennsylvania Company
is trying to lease tho Boston, Hartford «fc Erie
Road, are generally believed.
Flour was in active demand, and prices wore
steady. The trade bought to keep up assortment.
At the close there was considerable Inquiry for
the West Indies, with an active, market for all
grades. Holders of wheat were firm, with a bet
ter supply of spring. Choice winter was higher
and in request, In part for export- Corn was in
good demand, mainly for export, and closed firm
and salable.
[To tbs Associated Preaa.l
A GOOD RIDDANCE.
New York, Nov, 42.—At a mooting of tho New
York. Viaduct Railroad Company, all the Tam
many Directors resigned, and a new board was
elected, thus freeing tho company from tho in
cubus of Tammany.
tweed's successor,
Henry J. Stcbbinn was to-day sworn in as Com
missioner of the department of Public Parks.
THE PARK. COMMISSIONKUsUIP.
New York, Nov. sa.—lt is understood that
Mayor Hall has offered the Park Commlssloncr-
Phlp to Gcorgo M. Van Nort and William X.
Blodgett.
CONNOLLT.
Connolly denies that ho Is going to Europe.
APPROVED.
The Committee of So /enty have approved of
the acceptance by Stebblna of tho appointment of
Commissioner of Public Parks.
TUB ANTI-GRANT COALITION.
A special despatch from Washington to the
HaaUl soys; “Tho Democratic and Republican
coalition against Grant, tho movers of which pur
pose holding a secret conference at Harrisburg,
though It is not well defined, bos bean bruited
about for days. William M. F.vnrts, when ho was
in. Washington weeks ago. was far from being re
served in his views of tho inexpediency of Grant's
rcnomin&tlun. victory over miummi; iscno in
spiring motive of this sudden gathering together
of outs and soreheads, and the belief which pre
vails among the leaders who are to engineer the
new movement, is founded ou tho possibility that
the word of reform, om o begun, may sweep the
whole country. Tho President seems to bo igno
rant of the movement.
MISSIONARY CONTENTION.
A Methodist Missionary Convention was held
here yesterday, in connection with tho anniver
sary of the General Missionary Society. An assay
on foreign missions was read” hr Hcv. Mr. Love,
of Chicago. One speaker el tied that during the
Inst seven years only an average o(121*3 per cent
of f5.c00.r00 has been devoted to missionary work
ntunnK V~° heathen. Honor nud energy are
wasted iu trying to convert {afferent denomina
tions hero to tho Methodist faith, and denomina
tional missionary' work is severely deprecated.
Several speakers participated »u the discussion.
A similar convention will be held ne‘3t year.
MIMING POLL LIST FOUND.
The missing poll list of the Sixth Ward of
Brooklyn was found lust evening stowed away
with old papers.
STEALINGS AND ACCIDENTS.
Pickpocket* did large business yesterday along
the line of the procession. Several arrests arc
reported. A great many accidents arc reported
last night from tho excitement and bustle attend
ing the procession. While tho procession was
passing Union Square a pair of hoiaea became
frightened and ran away seriously inj aring three
ladies.
GO KB FOR ms HEALTH!
The brother of Peter B. Sweeny h&n not left for
Europe, but, by the advice of physicians, went
away from the city for hla health.
MINISTER &CHENCH. AS A STOCK SPECULATOR.
The London Economist having mentioned with
regret the appearance of the nojno of United
States Minister Schenck os a director of one of
the now mining companies, with the remark that
commercial occupation of any kind appears cer
tainly incompatible with the functions of a
diplomatist, tho New York JSeming Post to-day
expresses hopes that opr government will imme
diately recall Schenck, who, it says by permitting
his official position to promote stock specu
lation humiliates his country, and shows an utter
want of respect for his high office.
BUTLER WOKE UP.
General Butler announces as a canard, the
whole story of the Harrisburg conference.
BALL TO ALEXIS.
The naval hall to Alexis occurs on the night of
the 26th.
SMALL-POX.
There wore forty-three now onto* of small-pox
la t week, and twenty sinco Saturday.
SOX REAPPOINTED.
Richard A. Btorrs Is not reappointed Deputy
Comptroller.
EUROPEAN CONCERT TOUR.
It is reported that the ninth regiment band
goes to Europe on a concert tour.
OFF TOR KCROI’B.
W. W. Corcoran soiled on the Cuba which took
$179,000 specie.
ANOTHER CITY APPOINTMENT.
Isaac W. England, publisher of the Sun, lias
been appointed school commissioner In the city
Department of Public Instruction, and accepts.
WASHINGTON,
TREASURY DECISIONS.
Washington, Nov. 22,—The Solicitor of the
Treasury decides that any passing steamboat
carrying petroleum contrary to law is subject to
seizure, but tho oil itself is not; also, that when
carried according to law, all petroleum must bo
marked at what degree of Fahrenheit it will
ignite, and tho, transportation and coal oil on
passenger steamers is entirely forbidden.
TUB PACIFIC STATES REPUBLICAN ASMCIATION
last night elected the following officers to servo
during tho present year: President, S. Garfield,
of Washington Territory; Vico Presidents. C. J.
Hlllvcr, Nevada: G. S. Tickonor, California;
Treasurer, L. S. Thompson, Oregon; Correspond
ing Secretary, J. C.Dqjosfer, Washington Terri
tory.
APPOINTMENTS.
Charles W. Seaton, of Now York, was to-day
appointed chief clerk of the Pension Bureau, to
fill the vacancy created by tho resignation of
Major Johns.
POSTAL APPOINTMENT.
J. E. White, of Illinois, has been appointed As
sistant Superintendent of the railway mail ser
vice, Fifth Division, vioo GcorgoW. Wood, re
signed.
CALEB CUSHING'S BUCBSSOR.
Thomas J. Durant, ot 'Washington, formerly of
Louisiana, has hccu appointed a United States
Advocate before the arbitrators to settle the
claims of American citizens against Spain, In
place of Caleb Cashing, resigned.
llffi NEW INDIAN SUrkIUNTENDINT.
General Walker, the new Commissioner of In
dian Affairs will enter upon his duties on Mon
day. Do did not seek the office, but was selected
because of his peculiar fitness for it.
AGENTS ArrOIXTKD.
Dr. Daniels, who was Agent at Lake Travers,
has been appointed to Boa Cloud’s Agency, and
D. B. Blsley. ot St. Louis, for Spotted Tab's In
dians. These agents were appointed on the
recommendation of the Episcopal Church.
INDIANA.
Asaval EleeUra bfika State Grand Lodge
of Odd Fcllswi-Railroßi Item*
Indianapolis, Nov. 23.—Tbo Grand Lodge of
tho Independent Order of Odd Fellows closed
their session to-night- The following officers
were elected for the ensuing year: Grand Mas
ter, John W. MoQulddy, of Hew Albany; Grand
Warden. Richard Owen, of New Harmony; Rep
resentative to Grand Lodge, W. IT. Dcwolf, of
Vincennes; Grand Secretary, B. F. Foster, of In
dianapolis Grapd Treasurer, Theo. P, Hargbey,
of Indianapolis.
Evansville, Had., Nov. 23.—The last limber was
put in place on the Wabash bridge, of tho Bt.
Louis d: Southeastern Railroad, to-day, and
trains are running through .without change.
Tele(r«pSiie Brevities*
Congratulatory messages have passed between
•the Lieutenant-Governor of Manitoba and Gov
ernor-General of the Dominion, on tho comple
tion of tbo telegraph to Fort Garry. _
—The suspension of O. L.Nlms, a loading gram
dealer of Buffalo, is announced. Liabilities quar
ter of a million. Nlms Bays that If permitted to.
manage hU affairs he will have assets auffloient
to pay nil liabilities. Ho has au immense amount
of grain in store in Now York and Buffalo, and a
largo quantity afloat.
—Tho Georgia Legislature has passed the elec
tion bill tor Governor over the acting Governor a
veto, by* a more 1 ban two-thirds majority.
—-Tboxnijs P. Andrews went out hunting near
Decatur, Indiana, on Tuesday. His. companion
chopped n treo wldcli In its fail hit Andrews on
the left side of the head producing a wound from
.the effects of which he died in the evening.
—Wi.ikou the Richmond, lud., Road is being
pushed rapidly, and In a few days the gap of afew
miltauf iron to bo laid to complete tv wm bo
own und the toad immediately put In running
oruer.
Informrtiotxhas bean received in Washington,
that -tbe United State* Grand Jury for .Tima*
County, Arizona, lately'ln' session. f«»and Indict
ments against several citizens for participating
in the Camp Grant massacre, nnd also against
several Indians for the murder of «*ettlcrs and
traders. The grand jury any that, “Five hundred
of our neighbors, friends, and follow-citizens
have fallen Ivy the murdering hands "of the
Apache Indians.”
—The Coroner’s jury at St. raid, which held an
inquest upon the body of Kate Coofc, on Tuesday,
brought in a verdict of 44 Died from ths effect of
medielnee given by Mrs. Moutl, to product) abor
tion.* 4 Mrs. Monti was arrested and hold to
trial.
•-The thermometer strod »t r. degrees below
zero at 7 a,m. onJTaeaday, luamne parts of St.
Paul.
—A despatch from La Crosse, says the Missis
sippi Is filled with floating Ico, and there are pros
pects of a gorge, owing to tho low stale or tho
water.
Tlio Lake Michigan Cable Committee of tho Mil
waukee rhuml>er of Commerce, have made their
report, favoilnga beta pen cable, the cost of wbloh
ima been figured down to 924.000 for a single wire,
while the cost of the ether kind would foot up
985.000. The committee also recommend a prelim
inary survey. Mr. E. 8. Reade, a Civil Engineer,
who Las ohtnlaed certain facts in regard to a
hempen cable, makes a report, endeavoring to
show Its superiority over an iron cable, the spe
cific gravity l>clng very light, while Its tensile
strength is very great, which would render a
breakage leas liable than any other material. J.
A. Laminin makes a report showing that the bot
tom or the lake, being of clay and gravel, would
moke it favor&Mo for such a cable. Mr. Reade
recommends a careful survey and full report to
bo aubmltted to tho Chamber of Commerce for
action, and then to the Western Union Telegraph
Company. Xne Chami>er of Commerce directed
the committee to procure private subscription
for the preliminary survey, to bo undertaken by
Mr. Rcude.
—Legal proceedings have been commenced
against the Union Pacific Transfer Company for
charging 60 cents each for ferriage of footpsssea
gers across the Missouri River, at Omaha, the
iw fl of Nebraska permitting a charge of but 10
cents.
—M. W. Myers, law librarian of Hamilton
county, Ohio, Indicted for forgery and obtaining
money under false pretences, tendered hU resig
nation on Monday, and not being acted on re
newed It yesterday, whereupon the Board of
Trustees accepted it and unanimously adopted a
resolution paying a tribute to tho intelligence,
zeal, and fidelity with which he had discharged
his duty as librarian for ten years, ard appointed
a committee to take charge of the library till a
librarian could be appointed.
Anns Barry, an actress well-known in Chicago
and other cities, who arrived lufst .Louis a few
days ago In feeble health, the result of exposure
during tho Chicago lire, died at tho Monroe
House, in that city, yesterday, throucli the in
correct administration of a doze of MoMinnls,
Elixir of opium.
AXEXIS.
OleTtmeata of the Bauiau Prince—Hit
Beceptitm In Baltimore Arrival at
Washington*
New York, Nov. 22.—500n after the arrival *f
tb© Grand Duke at his apartments at tho Claren
don Hotel, he despatched the following message
to his father, by cable:
Emperor of Russia, Si. Petersburg
“Entry cordial and magnificent reception.
Parade of militia and general holiday in tho city.
(Signed) “Albxw
The same despatch was sent to the Empress of
RnsaJo in the Crimea.
Baltimore, Nov. aa.—a special train from
New York, conveying the Grand
Duke Alexis and party, passed through
the city this morning, leaving the
Camden station for Washington a few min
utes after c o’clock. Notwithstanding the late
ness of the hour, a crowd of several hundred per
sons had assembled at the Philadelphia depot,
and on the arrival of the train they broke forth
in hearty eh cere, la acknowledgment of which
the Grand Duke appeared on tho
{rtntform of tho o»r and lifted
ils cap several times. At-the Omden station
depot still larger numbers were gathered. The
Grand Duke appeared on tho rear platform of
the car and was received bythe crowd with three
hearty cheers and u tiger, which was gratefully
recognized by the Prince.
Washington, Nov. 22.—The Grand Duke ar
rived on a special train at 7:30 this evening. Tho
depot was thronged with a large crowd anxious
to sso Alexia. Tho Prince and suite
being in citizen’s dress were not recognized un
til thev reached the front of tho building, aud
then blit by a few. Catacozy’* carriage was ia
waiting. In it the Duke, Catucazv. Admiral
Polsset. and the principal Secret try’took seat*,
and were driven to tho hou.-cof Cataoazv, Tho
rest of tho suite proceeded to Arlington. T>o
Grand 3>uke is (he only one of thcpaTv carer
tabled by the Russian Minister. Soon after tho
Duke was driven to Minister Catacitzy** resi
dence the latter called ou Secretary Fish. at Ar
lington, to oflieUtliy inform him of tho
ai rival of tho Grand Duke, and to
make preliminary arrangements for the presen
tation to tho President to-morrow, wUbh will
probably take place at boon. About half past
8 o’clock a number of totcign Ministers called to
pay their
ILLINOIS*
FWtooi Opening nf the Oilman; Clinton
«priugCcld Uuiivoud,
Bpedal Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
SmocGFiKU), 111., Nov. 22.—Tho formal opening
of the Gllumn, Clinton Springfield Railroad
took place to-day. About two hundred vigors
were brought to tbo city on a apoolal train pro
vided for the occasion. Tho speechifying was
clone at the Opera House, and the earing at the
Leland. Evcr>*thlng connected with the affair
was o success, and the visiting participant*
In festivities of tho occasion loft for
f^° t tb evening
that Springfield was not nn luhosoltablo town.
Th»*ro were a large number of prominent railroad
official'; in town, who were also guests of the
city.
The first snow storm of the season ocourrcd
last night, and winter is now fairly upon us. It
Is very cold, and will freeze very hard to night.
Peoria, HI., Nov. 22. —A slight snow, tho first
of tho season, fell this mornliig earlv. Weather
very cold. Thermometer xos above "zotJ.
Burning of a Long Island Sound
Steamer*
New London, Conn., Nov. 22.—T1i0 freight and
{wtscuccr steamer. City of New Loud on. which
eft Now York last evening, with freight only,
for Norwich, was burned this mornlugin the
Thames River. Some of tho crew were lost, but
tho number is not yet known.
Norwich. Conn., Nov. 22.—Fnrthcr.pnrtlcnlars
of tho burning of the steamer Citv of London, of
the Norwich and New York Hue, state that tho
spread of the flame'? having rendered tho boat*
aud llfc-prcßervcrs impracticable, the pjwaongera
threw themselves Inio tho water, cling lug lo
portions of tho cargo which had bven thrown
overboard. Those who were able to swim, reach
ed tho shore. Some were picked up in
an exhausted condition, and some half-a-dozen,
of the crew and passengers aro «t!U missing. 1 c
in feared that they are lost. Among them is C.
B. Rogers, of this city. Tho boat and cargo will
bo nn entire loss. There is much exuitemout
hero os to the fate of the passengers and crew.
Norwich, Conn., Nov. 22.—The following per
rons are now known to ho lost on tho steamer
City of New London C. B. Rogers, William T.
Norton, Harrison Aldrlck, pas«ongors; Matthew
Baker, engineer, and Henry Dugan, steward.
New York. Nov. 23.—Tho steamer city of Now
London, which burned last night, was valued at
#175.000, for which amount she is insured In Hart
ford, Norwich, and New York Insurance compa
nies. The agent In this city, nt 2o’clock this after
noon, was uncertain whether any of tho crew had
been lost, but is almost certain that the steward,
Henry Dugan, has perished, and it Is feared that
several ofhis companions may have shared his
fate.
Norwich, Ct., Now 22.—The loss of life by the
City of Now London disaster Is greater than an
ticipated. There were only seven passengers,
but of these William T. Norton, of the firm of
Norton Brothers; C. B. Rogers, of the firm of
C. B. Rogers Co., and Harrison
R. Aldrich, all of tills city, were lost.
Of the officers and dock hands known
tob© lost arc William P. Ely, Hamburg, Conn.,
second mate; M. W. Baker, Norwich, engineer,
Henry Dugan, Now London, steward; Webster
Cooper, second cook; Prank Flowers,residence
unknown, waiter; Warren Mitchell,oiler; Dris
coll Sullivan, Patrick Mahoney and Thomas
Rourko, deck hands. The New London
carried a cargo of heavy freight, principally cot
ton. rags, groceries, leather, hides, etc.. which, to
gether with the boat, is s total loss. On account
of the absence of the manager of the lino from
the city, it Is Impossible to ascertain particulars.
It Is understood that she is insured for $133,030.
The fire extinguishing apparatus and life
saving appliances were ample and In perfect; or
der, but the rapid spread of the flames cut off tho
approach to the boats and tlte saloon and whora
tne life-preservers were. Tho passengers and
crew had to save themselves by grasping such
floating matter as fell overboard from tho burn
ing boat. Tho officers of tho boat, particularly
the captain and engineer, receive great praise for
their coolness and bravery In their trying posi
tion, the former escaping by lowering himself
from the paddle-box by a heaving line; when all
avenues of escape were closed by tho flames, and
clinging to tho paddles until rescued in an ex
hausted condition.
The Republic lß*nraisM Coupanf.
To Me Editor of Xhc Chicago Tribune.
Slit: Will you allow me, through the column* of
your paper, to correct the statement made la this
morning's Issue of the Cniosgo Timex, that the
Republic Insurance Company has beenput
Into bankruptcy.*
This statement, prejudicial as it Is to the later*
osts alike of the creditors and stockholders of the
company, is wholly without foundation; in fact,
the company has not been put into bankruptcy,
nor are any bankruptcy proceedings pending
against it. On the contrary, the company is pro
ceeding in good faith, and by the agency of its
own officers,to collect its assets and pay its losses,
in the hope of a foil resumption of business at no
distant day. J.R.Fxysos,
Seo’r. ot Republic Insurance Company.
Chicago Not. aa.
Veaaela Passed Betrsit,
Detroit, Nov. 22.—Passed Down—Propeller
Tuttlo and barges; Barks Racine, C; K. Ima;
Schooners Moneterey, David Wells, 8. P- 1*1J»
Francis Palms, T. Baker, Annie Sherwood.
Passed Up—Propellers Fountain City, India,
Hurd.
.Wind—Southwest.
Detboit, Not. 21.—Evening—Passed Dow*—
-Propeller Colin Campbell ana barge; Schooners
Lillie Parsons, Rising Star, Goshawk. Corres
pondent, 8, A. Wood, C. J. HogUI. -Escanaba,
Laura Bell. Cortez. Cossack, P. 8. Marsh:
Passed Ur—None,
WOD-Southwest.
Hlla©la ud nhbtgsn Canal*
Cakal Locks,' Bridgeport, Kot. 22.—Cleared
—Traveller, Lcmont, colonel Manning. Lcmont.
Arriveuw. A. Vella, Lem oat, 5k yds afcono*
H. Walker, Lemont, 69 jda atone: Admiral* I*c*,
mont, 89 yd* atone; R, Watkins, Lemont, 65 yds
atone; J. W. MoGennls, Lcmont, 74 yds stoao;
Colonel Manning,' Lcmont, ,98yd* atone; Travel*
■ler, Lcmont,C6 ydt econo; Advance, Lomont, 63
ydsatone; Erwin. Lemont, 85 yds stone; Harry,
willow Springs, 28,000 pounds trees; llook Run,
Prison, 47,250 pounds empty barrels.
—An American husband In Paris recently gave
ids wife Ida lust 15,(C0 to spend in tho ships,- and
then shot himself through the Lead.
-Johan. Johnson, a young colored lawyer m
Missouri, has the honor to be the llrst black man
to be admitted to tho Supreme Court of that
State. -i
—slr. J. H. Gardner, of LaCro«ao, formerly Su
perintendent of the SouthernMlnnusota Railroad,
has reen appointed General Manager of‘the
JachsonviUo, Pensacola Mobile Railroad.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1871;
beeweetes desteoyed.
Seren een Beer-Slaking Jistaba.hmcnM Da-
In thg «rent Fire-Law, S-J,023,000
-The Omtn to Uebnlld .1 Oneo.
The following Ig :i complete list ot the breweries
destroyed by the into lire, with approximate
valae of tbo prtup, Including malt and loe hous ;p,
etableg, cooper and blacksmith chops belonging
thereto. The destruction ot these establishments'
Uun St S le fflr&S*“SSltt*K;
nmcb of rt £&Srife™* IwS^d
hill’s tires lug company...
J, A. link
band’s Brewing Pompanr
*t Unuul J
Brvwerr.
fcclmdrt, Katz Jc co.
3tctz Sl:igc
Doyle Droit. dt co,,
Mloehr JJtvm
K. 0. BclimMt,...
fii-orgc JlllltT
Schmidt «t ndor.
Mltlnct 1 xiojtftl,
Jolm liuhrtucer....
.1. Miller..
Willlum Bowman
George Wagner.
To,al f2.0C5.0J0
nmjorlty of the above firms do not propose
5° U *V aro pdug to work with renewed
tbey^hav^T t0 r lja n as possible, what
BEAL ESTATE.
Instruments Filed for Record on Wednesday,
Nor. 22.
CITT raOI'EUTT.
Deeplnlnoß st, l>e tween Harrison and Polk sts, w
f, 23i-2iioc ft, dated Oct. 31; consideration
oclt 34 of Johnson’s Addition, o
lif being the rremise* 133
11 consideration,fi.coo.
1^?»> 5 iul 6 1?,,®* 01 lit Carpenter’s Addition,
biilldlng Ko. C 9 Korth Ann st, dated
Kor. 15; consideration, *5,400.
eraon av,n of Thirty-seventh at, 5 f,soxl3oft,
_diitcd Oct. 24, 1870; considers ion, *3,500.
Cimren st, 96 ft s of Menomonee st. w f, 24X70 ft,
dated Kov, 13: consideration, *7OO.
j ir n^ B V- 275 e of Klngbury st, n f 23x100 ft,
dated Kov. 22; consideration, 91,400.
*l ro 6 j ©of Kincbnry st. N t 35x109
it, oatcdKor. 22; consideration, *1,400.
korth or errr
Lot fM, in rick’s e 1-2 Block 18, in Section 30,40,
14, dated Sept. R; consideration. fsoo.
Lot 27, in Pick’s e 1-2 Block 18, Section 29, to,
14, dated Sept. 6; consideration, *509.
MOSETIRY.
Wednesday Evening, Nov. 23.
The money markets, both local and general,
continue quiet nnd easy. In this city, however,
the large surplus of funds held by many of the
bonks, and to which we hare frequently referred
of late, shows an abnormal condition of business.
Ordinarily, at this season of the roar, tho hanks
are using all their spare funds to pood advantage
in legitimate channels of trade. The present ac-
cunmlMlcu can only bo referred to the fact that
the mercantile branches of trade have not been
reorganized yet. and many merchants are as yet
only collecting their insurance and the debts one f
•*botu customer* preparatory to a now start,
jtoeic balances are not of a ‘kind that prudent
hankers feel disposed to put out In loans, even if
satisfactory papers was offered. They arc liable
to be drawn down largely at any lime. Tho
dJsasferof last month, ana tho disappointment
and delays in the ccmecMon of Insurance, have
naturally prepared the public mind to entertain
any sort of a i utuor that might ho started at any
lime, no mutter how groundless it might bo.
Hankers arc fully a ware of thh. and are deter*
mined to keep on the safe side by keeping a
larger proport on than usual of tholr'dopnslta on
band tn currency and available exchange, Tho
present accumulation of funds here, however,
has attracted attention la other cities, and
soino of our banks have bad applications
from pork-packers in st. Louis and other cities
to take Co and 90 day paper on Now York. But
In view of tho reasons *lven above for the banks
here miming ummully strong for tho next 90
days, nml also the increasing demand of om* own
packets. It will bo scon that it would not bo pru
dent to take any such paper from abroad.
Notwithstanding the probability of nn increased
demand for money, we are glad to find that some
of our National Banka are declining to pay in
t<in*t on ull daily balance*. The. Commercial
National Bank has recently issued a circular to
that effect, and if some of tuo other batiks would
also give up the practice of paying from 4 to d
peroiut on current balances, at a timo when it.
mint be opparcnttlmt the banks mount expand
n** safely ns under ordinary circumstances— both
tho bankers and tho depositors would enjoy
sounder sleep and better digestion.
Exchange tenths to be in nouuwlmt bettor sup
ply. but the price continues at about par for sales
betwien banks. At the counter, bunkers bjU «t
par and buy at i-eo discount.
INSURANCE.
A well-known and trustworthy gentleman of
this city, now in New* York, writes ns that ho has
examined carefully the assets nml liabilities of
the New Amsterdam Fire Insurance Coaipanv,
and believes that the percent igo which tho cam
pr.ny off. rs to pay now is more than can bo
realized out of its assets If they are placed in tho
hands of a receiver, and advises parties here to
eidilc a T tl)« rate by tho company. Wo
nlfohOiar from trustworthy 'partleu Who hold
T.i;lid<’B in tho Merchants’, or Hartford, that they
have investigated the condition of that company
thoroughly, and believe that, in offering 2-3 pof
cent d.>wn and 5 per cent in go days,'the company
is offeriug all that can possibly bo got out of its
assets. Wear© glad t« make these announce
ments, as they show that some of the suspended
companies are acting honorably, notwithstand
ing the wholesale denunciation to which
all tho companies have been subjected. It In, of
course, to tho Interest of the public to settle
quickly with the companies, so ns to have their
money in band and use it In busineas- Twonty
flvo per cent mm, is nctuw than 50 per cent col
lected in installments running over two years, as
would bo tho case with whatever comp .my goes
into the hands of a receiver. Some of tho com
panies bare, undoubtedly, taken advantage of
this, and made their offers of compromise so
small that the final settlement must leave them a
very considerable proportion of their assets, if
the policy holders accept, hut we are glad to find
that tho offers of compromt<o made by the ma
jority of Eastern companies not yet in the hands
of the receivers, are as fair as the companies are
able to make. The exceptions to this rule *ro
gradually being sifted out, and public attention
throated to an investigation of their accounts.
There is one other feature la the settlements of
the bankrupt companies In regard to wlffidi tho
policy holders will have to watch each other. In
stead of devoting all their investigation to tho
assets of the companies. There is more danger
of fraud in the exaggeration of losses than In
any other way. There is not a company that has
lost by tho flee—especially those that have failed
—whose present estimate of losses is not from 20
to co per cent greater than tho first estimate made
immediately after the firu. One reason of this,
thuttheic was no salvage, tho losses were In
most cases total, bnt it does not necessarily fol
low that all the claims presented are Just ones.
Some of them are unquestionably exaggerated,
especially when made for stocks of
goods whore tho amount on hand
was subject to variation from day to day. If a
company goes into the hands of a receiver. It is
his duly to investigate a* far us possible tho
honesty of the claim* made, and by securing tho
reduction of such as are open to suspicion ho may
make the assets of tho company pay a larger por
centigo ou tho honest claims. But whether a
company’* affairs arc settled by compromise or
by u receiver, the policy-holders can assist tho
Petiletnent and increase tho percentage they will
get by helping to ferret out fraudulent cUltm*.
We understand the “German,” of Cleveland,
offeip to compromise at 30 cents on tho dollar.
ltsa»Bets on January X were £281, 000 and its esti
mated lop?es $700,000. The “Aurora,” of this
State, offers 25 per cent. Its assets on January l
wore $220,471 and its estimated losses #350,tw0 to
#400,000. i
Nmw York, Not, 2a—Gold dull and steady at
110 5-tallo G-4. Tho rates paid for borrowing w.ero
1-04, 1-32, and 304 per cent to flat, and for carry
ing, 5,2, and s pep cent. Clearing* wore about
145,600.000. Bids for government gold amounted
to $6,657,000, at from from lin to HO. 77-100*
Awais, $2,000,000, at from from 110.631-2 to 110.77.
Governments firm. Foreign bankers are buy
ing what they can for shipment, and are also
sending out llrsl-class railroad bonds. Within a
few days one firm has bought about $5,000,000
called bends at nearly par. aud Interest iu gold.
The new loan was quoted in Loadou to-day at
15-16 discount.
The stock market opened Btrongr. but soon be
came heavy, and prices declined, The mod:
active stocks have been Western, Union, Pacltle,
Mall. Kortliwcaiern, and VTahaah. Dealing* have
not been large. At tbo close prices were Arm
with n light reaction from the lowest point reach
ed during the day. _
The Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne Chicago Railroad
Company, this morning, notlticd the stock ex
change that In thirty days from this time they
will issue te.oco.oeo Of special improvement stuck
under the sixteenthsection of the leas**. to ho called
Murcia! Improvement stock, and entitled to 7 per
cent dividends, free, payable quarterly by the
Pennsylvania Railroad Company. The lea*o of
the Cleveland Pittsburgh Road to the Ponn
srlvania Company has been consummated.
J Thc negotiations for the lease of the Philadel
phia, Wilmington Baltimore Road to the Penn
srlvr.usa Company is nearly completed. It is re
i norted that the Pennsylvania Company is trying
to lease the Poston, Hartford A Krle Hoad.
I Money active this morning at 6 per cent, and
I closed np linn at 6a-3.
li Somhein dimes aecoritlM TennesaS'', m 4
inew South CuroUnas are dull. Virginias and
Missouri* strong,
sterling, 10814.
Governments
.117 7-8
.111 5-ft
..111 14
.1113-4
.014
Coups, ’SI.
court, *tc.
Coups, ’64.
Co turn, 65.
New.
Bute bonds:
hHssoQxi .97 5-8
Tctu)eg*oe.old C 414
Tenceaceo, new. Ml 4
Virginia, new .70
Mocks closed:
Canton 67
Western Union 6SI-1
QnlckeilTer 24
Adams Kspreas £6
Wells A 1arg0,..... 65
American 69
UnlUxl states ss 14
Pacific hull 46 34
New York Central.. 921-2
N. T. Central berip. 87 3 4
Erie.* »54
m
Erie pH.
Harlem.
...021.
....IIS 54
....US
Hoilem, pH...
Beading.
AUch.>cent...
Pittsburgh
Northwestern.
891-2
Do rfd...
H. I.
MAHJTETS BY TKLEGRAPH.
BaTalslirs Stack Harket,
Bcttalo, Nov. 22.— Cattle—Rcootpta 1.221,
making the supply 4.090, or 394 oars, against 271
last week. Market dull at a decline of l-2o; no
demand; sales meagre. Bales of 67 llllnoLssteers,
1,285 to 1,457 Ibß. f5.00a5.121*2; 325 OhiM, 1,133 to
1,006 U>«, #4.621*30538.
Sheep and Lambs—Receipts. 4,600; market dull;
Western neglected and no demand; Canadas doll
and nominal. Bales 410 Canada' lambs,,os to 90
11)6, to. 121-2a6.25; 437 Canada sheep, 109 CO 152 IbS,
t5.c0a5.25; lao Michigan sheep* 90 IDs, #4.50.
j Hogs—Receipts, 5400; market fairly active, and
prices steady; ti.00a4.45 lor medium to choice.
Wtw T*rU pry G**4i Blanket.
KfavJYouk, Nov. The market o.ienodwlth
much nutroatinn, while piws• on tho whole list
arc weftfusmlncd. Slater A Son’s rolled iucon*
c.t* are.- reduced from Xl l-ic nillc. as are Masen
vlllo and Murvlllo puvds. Printing cloths have
lN*er.i ta >p<&ntatlve demand, and havfc advanced'
to 1 C4%ii7 ;*-icTor good npd extra ataudvrd. The
ovuilubh* stock, is muall, nud this product largely
sold ahead lb printers; prints are consequently
i dimly held at IVI-2C for all lussi fancy stylos.
$00,030
•ino.oco
'zu.mo
How
13.030
IZ.VOO
liouo
8.000
5.000
5,030
LATEST.
Coups, ’B7 114 T-3
Coups, '6B 114 7-3
1040fl 109 34
Currency ds US 14
Virginia, old.. Mi
lt, Carolina, old S3
N. Carolina, n0w.... 19
N. C 1091-2
fit. Paul. 6!
Donfd 77 34
Wabash. 63
Do pH. 801-3
Fort Wayne «7
Terre Haute. 13
Do pfd............... 60
Chicago A Allen. ...11614
Doptd. ......029
O. A if 42*8
a.c. a c si
C., B. Q 127
Lak ©Shore- 8734
Indiana Central.... 193-8
Illinois Control 132
Union Pacific........ 27 7 3
U. P. b0nd5......... 91S-8
Central bonds 10814
.127
sots
Heavy tirovrn ahc.tln/ja and shirtings atoarty. as
aro brown drilla, corset jeans and colored oVilens
general:/.
u Forelffm Markets,
Kov,.aa—u» p. m.—Console, 955-8;
6-208,92.
H° T 23—12:15 ft. m.—Flour, 25&80s
\\hcat—Wiuter.llßlOd; Iso. I spring, lls 7d: Ko
0 fFrinp. U*i will to, 138. Corn, 335. Pork, 154
turd, 16s jo.
UvKnK)oi.?jroT. 23-1:50 jf. m.—Lord, iCs. Beat
unchanged.* i
Losuok, Kov. 32—5:00 p. m.—Consuls/ ors-e
--tarts, ’C29, 917-8; ’Ms, 02X4; '976,913-1; KMfcj,

Fetrohmin—Refined, 17 1-ao.
TIiANErORT, Kov. 22.—Bonds; 62s' 071-2097 5-8.
Parif, Kov. 22.—Rentes, BGf7sc.
22—Evening—Cotton strong;
mlddliDg upland, 9 i-2a9 5-8 d; Orleans. 9 7-h-I?
tSle? IC,O °O fcalca; speculative and export; 5,000
—Wheat—Red winter, lls lod. Flour,
Provisions—Lard, 4Ca. Cheese, COs. Cumberland
middles. S*s. Short rib.Scs.
Tallow— 18s.
Kansas Cby Lire Mtork lUnrkei.
Special Despatch to The Cblc&go Tribune;
JvAkSAS CITT, Kov 22.—Cattle— 3 ins
brad;shipped to Chicago, 1G cars, 318 Load; to
bl. IxiUifi, 2 ears, 35 head; sales 11G good wintered
Te.vuas, averaging 1,237 lbs. at 93 35: 100 thin
steers, averaging 896 lbs, $200: mdo av
erwging 92 5 lbs, #1.75. Slaughtered, 450 head!
Cogs—Received 4,003 head, of which packin'*
horses took in 2,725 head. Slaughtered, 400 hea«f
Price to-day 93.75; lowest 93.60. The supply of
bogs Is abundant. Prices will probably rule
steady for the present.
The Produce Mnrktu,
KEW YORK.
Knw York, Kor. 22.— Cotton—Firm: mid
dling npland, is 3-4 c.
BuEAtETUfFs—Flonr dun and holders anxious
to sell; receipts, lu.ooo bria; superfine Western
ana State, |6.E5a6.20; common to good, 95.40a8.60:
good to choice, 16.65s ;.20; white wheat extra,
f7.20a7.4p; extra Ohio. 1C.G0a7.20; St. Louis, 9G.SO
a9.i». Rye floor and corn meal unchanged.
Wheat opened dull, but closed active; receipts,
148.000 bu; Ko. 1 spring. f1.6Ca1.63; Ko, 8, fLS3
5 winter red Western, f1.60a1.C4; amber,
*LCSaI.C6; white, f1.65a1.75; extra choice amber
lnnliiim.9i.C9. Rye lower; Western, 930. Barley
steady; Canada Wear, f1.20ai.22; Ko. 2 Western.
£9°* Lom dull and unsettled; receipts, 110.000
bu; Western mixed, 79u79 i-jn
am 1 »oc«pto, uu; w'cstem and Ohio. 63 3-4
ass l-40.
Hors—Finn atSSaClo for 1871: 20030 c for 1370-
10a20c for 1869; 9a 150 lor 1868
Lkather—Aotive at 26a29«;’ Orinoco, 21a27 i-°c.
Wool—Firmly held; extra Ohio, 62 l-2a64c: un
washed, 40c; pulled, 65a63c.
Groceries—Coffeo firm; Rio, 16 1-2118 3-40.
Sugar film; fair to good refining. 9 i-fia 91-aol
Cuba, 9aloo. Molrsses firm; Kew Orleans, 680.
Rice firm at 8 l-4as s-lc.
Firm; crude, !23-Bai2 l-2c; refined.
Turpentine—Finn at C 8 l-2c.
PltonsioNS Pork firmer; mess, t13.dja13.00;
February, $14.20; March. 114.37. Beef and cut
meats unchanged. Middles steady. Lard quiet;
No. i to prime steam, oadi-so; kettle, 9 s-saa 3-4 c;
November, 9 3-so; December 9 !-2o; February,
9 5-8 c; March, o Wc. Butter and choose un
changed.
Whiskey—6teadvat49c.
r MILWAUKEE.
KILWArEEB. Nor. 22.—BHKA.DSTUTT8—FlOTTT
dull and nominal, meat dull No. 3, $1.21
cash; #1.21 l-2a1.210-4 seller December: #1.23 i-a
seller January; No. l, 11.24 1-2; No. 3.
Onta quiet; No. 3,32 c. Com weak at 42 l-2c, Rye
easier; No. 3.62 c. Bariev linn; No. 2, 62e.
Dhesskd Hugs—#4 C0a4.60; live, 6aloo higher;
#S.Ka4.oo for common to good; #4.05*4.10 for extra.
Faoyisiosfl—Steady; mess pork, $13.00: bulk
shoulders, 4 i-sc seller December.
Freights—Unchanged.
Receipts—Flour, sjioq brlswheat, 50.000 bo.
Shipments—Flour. 7.000 brls.
_ CINCINNATI.
(hKCiKKATt, Nov. 33.—Cotton—Firm; low mid
dlings, 17 3-Bal7 l-4c.
Lkkadsi uffs—Flour in fair demand and high
er; family, #n.75.ii7.00. Wheat steady, at Sl.43at.is.
Corn tlim; new, 44a45c. Kyo higher, at 78aSOo.
Oats tli m. at 35a40c. Barley firm, at «oasso.
Oil#;—Unchanged.
Enos—Scarce and firm, at 300.
J> liter—Scarce and firm, at 22.t27c.
Cheese—Firm, at Haisc.
Provisions—Pork dull and drooping; #l2.tt*\
12.:« offered for old and new; 33e liighor asked.
Lard dull and drooping; steam, at 81-2: iB 5-8 c;
kettle, 81-2aß 3-4, Bulk meats dull; shoulder, 4 a-i
asl-8; sides. 5 7-BaCo, 20 to 23 days lu salt, and
looec and me higher packed. Bacon quiet; clear
rib and clear, at 7a? Wo; old ami new offered ut
7o,tocomu out next week.
hogs—Opened firm but closed dull at 44.50a1.i5:
receipts, xo.coo.
Wuiskkv—Quiet nt E9o.
NEW ORLEANS.
New Orleans, Nov. 29.—Bueadktutts—Flour
rcrytinn; enporflnc.#6.so; double extra, $7.23;
treble extra, $7.50a7.621-9. Com dull and lower;
new. GTaSOc; old, ;0o; oats, 50a54c. Bvan firm, at
11.35n1.40.
#*?W Y SCttr0 finn; primo S&W; choice.
1 r.ovisioys—Fork dull, lower; tucks, 5U.23.
Bacon dull; shoulders, 7 3-4oso; clear rib, go
clear,77-Paßc, Sugar-cured Imms, nominally isaico.
Lard dull; tiorcc, 9 3-4 c; keg. lie.
Groceries—Sugar quiet; inferior, case; com
mon to turnl common, 6*7 l-4o; fair to fully fair,
7 3-430 l-2c prime to choice, 9 3-4 all tAv. M-v
lasses—Demand good; Interior. 22 l-2aOoc; com
mon, iOntOc; fall* to prime. 40a50c; strictly prim o
lo choice, coacsc- Coffee unohauged, IBal9 0-10.
MonktaPY— Sterling, 201-4 eight, 1-saX-l dis
count gold, in.
Cotton—Active and higher; sales, c.ooa bales;
good ordinary, 17 £8also; low middling. 18 x-sa
if l-4c middling, 181-20. Receipts,B.o4Bbales; ex-
I>ort« to livcrpoo f 3,819; to tho Continent, 4,568;
coastwise, 1,672; stock. 99.397.
LOUISVILLE.
Louisville, Nov. 22.—Tobacco—Active at full
prices: sale* 75 hhds.
f ’OTTov— Qnlot; middling firm at 17 3-4.
Breadbtuffs—Flour quiet aud but little de
mand for round lots extra family, $6.2 5.
Grain—Nothing doing of any consequence, bnt
price* generally firm. Wheat. #1.:15u1.50. Corn.
25c far new cat. Outs,4oc. Rye, 80c.
I’KovieiONs—Moss pork quiet nt #12.80. Bacon
—Demand limited; shoulders,7o; clear rib and
clear. 7 l-20, packed. Bulk meats in good de
mand; shoulder*. 51-4 c; clear rib, Cl-2c; clear,
7 l-2c, parked. Lard, 9.UOc.
Hogs—Fmu and higher; #1.40*4.60.
WXUSKBV—88c.
CLEVELAND.
CLEVELAND. Nov. 23.—BllEADSTCTFS—FlOUT
qui»t and unchanged. Wheat—Nothing doing;
No. 1 red winter. $1.44; #1.43 bid; sales of No. 2 at
$1.37. Cora steady; now ear, 51c. Oats Irregular
at 39u40e.
niTßoLF.rM—Refined quiet; 201-Ba2lo for car
lots; crude duUat#4 85a4.90.
TOLEDO.
Toledo. Nov. 22,—8 head vrcrrs—Flour dull
ami unchanged. Wheat dull; extra while Michi
gan, $1.5212: umber Michigan, t1.44a1.441*2; No.
2 red, 1.311-2 M.35. C Jtu dull and lo lower; high
mixed, now. 601-2o; low mixed, olasi l-2c. Oats
dull; No 1,36 i*2o.
Clover Seed—Michigan nnd Indiana. $6.80.
Freights-*Strong; cc to Buffalo; llal2o to Os
wego.
Receipts—Flour, 2,000 brie; wheat, 11,000 bu;
corn, is.oco; oats, I.OvO bu.
Shipment*—Flour, l.ccobrls; wheat, bu;
corn, io.ooo bu; oat*. s.ooo bn.
BT. LOUIS.
St. Louts. Nov. 22.— Bukadstutfs—Flour firm;
super winter, $5.80u5.00; double extra. $8.50a5.73.
Wheat dull; No. 2 red winter, $1.60. Corn quiet;
mixed, on track, 4Gal« i-20, closing at 45 l-2e. Oats
firm; No. 2,3G i-2c. Burley quiet; 85c for fall,
live lower at T2a7K*.
Whiskey— Firmer at 891-2aSoc.
Provisions—Pork quiet at $13.00 on order lots.
Dry wilt meat quiet; shoulders, 61-4 aC i*2c; clear
rib, 6 3-4 c, 10 to 15 day# In salt. Bacon dull; or
der lots shoulders, 7 l-2e; clear rib and clear, 7
8-4e, Laid easy at 8 i-4aß i-2e.
Hoes—Firm at $3.85ai.25; ouo lot of extra at
$4.15.
Cattle—Unchanged.
Receipts—Flour, S,ooo btls wheat, 16,000 Im;
corn, 12,<KX) bu; oate, o.oot» bu; rye, 2,000 bu; bar
ley, B,oco bu; hogs, 10,000 head.
THE INDIANA LYNCHING.
Public Opinion ns to the Act—While Men
Suspected n* Accessories to the Murder
—Judge"Dunham Severe on the Blob.
From the New Albany Ledger, Nov. 20.
There seems to he hut little doubt in tho
public mind ub to the guilt of Taylor, Davis,
and Johnson; bnt there is, at tho samo time,
a settled conviction with very many that tho
plot for the awful murder of tho Park family
was tho work of ouo or more white men.
However the guilt of tho negroes may he ad
mitted, there are very few, indeed, Imt con
demn tho mob and its fearful work of death.
Tho public think that if tho law had boon al
lowed to take its course other parties, equal
ly guilty with tho negroes, would have oeou
detected and brought to punishment. There
is also a feeling that possibly some of the in
stigators of tho mob had a self-interest iu
getting tho negroes out of the way, iu order
to cover up any further traces of tho murder.
That white men aro suspected of complici
ty iu tho murder w notorious, and some mon
arc hold enough to talk openly to this effect,
nnd even mention names. Whatever may bo
our own views in this regard, wo aro free to
sav that, so far, no evidence has been de
veloped to implicate any other person than
the three negroes executed.
It is well known that Taylor had received,
since the Chicago fire, largo tpiantities of
valuable goods, cent him by his daughter,
who resided in Chicago, following tho occu
pation, as Taylor stated, of a washer-woman
at a hotel. These goods consisted of cloth
ing, ladies’, men’s, and children’s, some of it
very valuable. One box contained several
sets of very elegant Chinaware. It has been
ascertained that Taylor was engaged is dis
posing of these goods, by shipping them to
parties outside of Clark County.
This daughter of Taylor is said, to ho a
murderess as well as a. notorious thief. Sub
is accused of killing a slave woman ht Louis
ville some sixteen or seventeen years ago,
but was allowed to make her escape.
It is said the Vigilants give out that both
Taylor and Davis made confessions of their
crime before they were launched mto eter
nity. This report may he true, or it. may be
nut into circulation hy the mob as a justiUca
tion of their action. The reported confession
of Taylor implicates his. son ’Johir'in the
murder of a man named Jack. at. Charles
town, some two years ago. The murder was
committed, hut it remained wrapped m mys
tery until thisreported revelation of Taylor
upon the gallows. i
Judge Dunham, in open, court, yesterday,
denounced the mob and its acts m the se
verest terms, declaring that* he would,
struct every grand jury .empaneled during
his term of office, tc thoroughly investigate
the great crime, with a view to the indict
ment ol every man engaged in it, for murder
in tho first degree.
Metier ftwm a Vigilant "Defending the
Action tb« Blob.
From the Louisville Courier, Nov. 20.
Tho Kew Albany Standard claims, that the
following letter was found; under its oflico
door, yesterday morning, v o are incUuod tc
think that it was written, by some one .who.
sympathized with, but did not participate
in, tue last outrage:
‘Gentlemen: Being one of the parties-who as
sisted in the lynching rftlm negro
Taylor, Johnson, and Davis, I want to give tho
nubile* tJirorgb the columns of youc
motives which induced the Vigilant Coiaunttce. of
■which ram a member, to bang tho, blank Imps.
Wo had a meeting of the committee Thursday
ntehr. when the question of hanging tho guilty
scoundrels was discussed, ana it was determined
to let tju* low take its course, believing that they
would be brought to a speedy trial, convicted ana
nung, as they deserved to bo, through the legally
constituted authorities. It was, however, de
termined, in case of any effort at delay, to immo
dlu tely lake tho law in our own hands and bang
Hem to the first tree.
When the meeting of fho committee broke up,
it was with tho understanding tlmt.lt. meet again
every night at 9 o’clock daring the trial of the ne
groes. When we met on Thursday night it was
reported that tho grandjnryhad adjourned with
out finding a "bill against'the culprits. Finding
thatthe law had failed at the very tbreshhold of
justice, and that tho brntal old murderers would
bp again turned 100 so to use the axo wherever
iney chose In our midst," it was determined to
taho the law into our own hands, and at one# rid
.society of such Inhuman butchers. r
Vwlw nU *he evidence tending to.
rf,eimilt on iho negroes was rehearsed
7. ii,L. I'T', 1 an d tho unanimous opinion
TCP hundred), was
ww-rinatlng thoPhrk
family. The confession of Johnson, which was
consistent in itself, corroborated by other hicts
known to the committee and public; the
flask of whiskey in pS vS
which loylor udini'ted lie b.mght on Saturday•
the discovery of a coat in Johnson’s house, which
was recognized by young Park as his .owns tho
sUttmcnrof old Mrs, Taylor aa to the bad ohm?
actor pfTaylor; the statement of young tSSSt
that hts grandfather said, a few days befomtho'
l ark murder, that ho “must-have money utnl
would have It or blood.** All these things satis
fied ns, as it has tho public, of the guilt of the
negroes. Why all thlsprojf was before tho grand
jurr failed to convince it of at least the probable
guilt or the accused is passing strange.
If this bud not been sufficient to satisfy ns of
the guilt of Davis. Taylor, and Johnson, when we
got them to tho place where we lynched them, wo
received from their own.- lips unquestionable evl
ucm« ot tbclr terrible crime. They cucU cim
fteec'l to belnc tlie murderer ot the Perk family.
P,° i l<! Mliok Duels Belli lie
tv G light while Taylor struck the blows.and
John-'on ccnfoFscd. as he had before, to standing
watch outside: and they all prayed to be forclrea
fortbclr great (Time, and liegged to bo taken
back and placed m Jail until they eould bo hung
byrto Sheriff, as they wanted tfine to get ready
n° compromise, and Immediately
stretched their black necks, and wo did tight.
\cu may talk about law, hut when these wicked
old murderers were mashing and cutting in
twain the skulls of tho sleeping and inoffensive
Parks they had no thought of law. They sent
these law-abiding people, out friends and neigh
bors, Into eternity by violent and bloody hands
nud wo sent them out of the —wS-«» »«I
ti«» ia«w».i tucxr mureferod victims.
The law had failed In its mission, and w© had a
right, os a committee to do that which tho law
fulled to do. There are times when the people
who make laws, have a right, and are Justified in
executing it.
The men who lynched these negroes are well
to-do farmers of Clark County, and are law-abid
ing, peaceable citizens, and I mako this state
ment in their behalf and in my own.
Tli# Town of IHoorlf, Burned om
Snndnr fright*
Prom the Cairo Bulletin, Not. *i.
At alato hour on Sunday night thd village
lage of iloorly. Mo„ a town, of some six or
seven hundred inhabitants, was aroused by
the alarm of fire. The tire originated in the
principal hotel of that village—the Hourly
house. It spread with wonderful rapidity,
ana m a short time had consumed nearlv the
entire village. Every effort was made to
stop the devouring element, hut all to no
purpose, and but little of the town is left.
It is known to have been the work of incen
diaries. A despatch was rnceivofVby officers
m this yesterday giving a description of the
suspected parties.
—A yonng man found a skunk in his cellar at
Barnstable, Muss., and carcfull/ lot down a piece
of meat covered with arsenic to tbe Uoor, as ho
thought It was afterward found that the bait
Imd been lowered Into the pork barrel.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
Jflasonic.
There will leu regular convocation ol Union Park
LlutpUT ho. U', at their bail, Ihie uvcnlmr, at 7 1-2
o clerk. Busline of InMHTtmico. AH charter mum*
heio aio bumnumed to attend. Per order
O. F. LETS, H. p.
Jflasonic.
THOMAS J. TURNTB LODOR No. 409, F. A. it.
Regular cttmiuunlcaUr-n thin (Thursday) eveninj? at
Mew*iilc Temple, comer United and RnmVdph-rtt.*.
>ls tltK brethren are cordially Invited to atteiuL Br
ouhr (t the TV. iL LISLE BCRNAM. Sec’/.*
•Jtlusonic.
There will lie a regular communication of KTL
I AN lln G LODGE No. 311. A.F.AA.M.. at the West
Side Masonic Temple, this (Thursday) evenin'?. Nov.
i;, at hnlf.pysr, o'clock. Visit in k brethren cordially
Invited. By e.nler of w. yr. r. DELONG. Heo’y.
INSURANCE.
Ifiice Peoples’ Ins. Co.,
OF 6AN FRANCISCO,
erd LAMAII, of Chicago*
i AVKST MONKO.K-ST.
A. B. GUNNISON, Special Agent.
ISS
LOTTERY.
ROYAL HAVANA LOTTERY,
OFFICIAL DRAWING. NOVEMBER 10,187 L
.Vo. Prize. .Vo. J'rls*\ AT*. Pn's,*, .Vo. Prize. Xo, I'rizr.
50...f300 4065...#300 8983...5300 1.*0C9...#3»» 17945..#3)0
1W....W0 4074....600 00.18....300 13045....500 17865...300
115.. ...300 4105....800 9119....800 13050....300 17.431.30000
170.. 300 41U7....300 0145....303 130 M....900 17920...300
104.. 4332....300 9171 WO 13004....300 17925-
203 300 4*2)4 aoo imu—Sw lt6<l...JiW
241.. 4800....300 0300 3M WW....M0 19917..,300
314.. 4681....300 9317 300 13214 300 18057...300
318.. ..SCO 47C5....300 9404 300 13210....300 180C3...300
434.. 47C1 300 941,1..-.30) 13252....300 13072...300
483.. ..300 4770.....W0 9182....399 132!W....300 150T3....TX)
497.. 4980....300 9509....A*) 15318....300 18121...300
M 3.,..300 504 C....300 9551....30) 13407....300 18121...3 X)
646.. ..300 9550....300 13487....500 18139...300
9C9....300 5100....300 9561....300 13137....300 13142...300
7C2....3C0 516J....300 9635....300 13474....200 18161...300
704 300 5301 300 9668 300 13«j0 300 18156...30)
775.. 5313....300 9712....300 X 3526....300 19160...300
844.. ..300 5377....300 9725....300 13630....300 1*211...330
138.. .700 64)6...5000 97,11 300 13704....300 18211...500
991.. ...*»0 5159...1000 9T56....300 1373?.... .T00 16232...300
191.. 5525....300 9820....300 13749....300 18464.*. .300
1088.. 5694....500 9807....300 13906....300 19313...300
111"....300 8TCW....300 9871....300 13514....300 18129...500
U08....300 5775...T300 9875....300 13719....000 15576...300
U07....300 A?Jt....509 9971....5C0 13533....300 15603...WQ
1241.. .300 5807....300 9990....300 13500....300 18713...300
1332.. ..SCO 6814....300 10053....300 13912....300 18750...300
1343.. ..300 5979....300 10033....300 1395....3n0 18812.15000
1360.. ..500 6040....300 10108 300 14045....900 18869..1900
1415.. ..COO 00-13....300 1011G....3P0 14140.. ..300 18*71..4000
1444.. 60*6....300 10121....300 14206....300 15961...3P0
.1458....500 G05*1....300 10174....300 14212....300 159T6...300
14C0....5C0 6153....300 10188....300 14375....300 189.43...390
1624.. 300 6177....200-10269....300 14377....300 19015...300
1.-A8....3C0 6186.. ..SCO 10379....300 14437....300 19120...300
l«u» :j*o 6187...1000 10191....300 14525....300 19139...300
1617.. ..300 6200....300 10507....300 11570....300 19200...300
1618.. 6227..-.300 10508....300 14589....300 19291...500
1635.. ..3f« 6277....300 10553....300 14666....300 19003...300
1643.. .300 6297.,..300 10569...1000 11763....300 19316...300
1C67....300 6354 300 1CV151....500 14820.._:R» 19061...300
1t«....W0 €387....900 10J83....300 14821....£**) 19423...300
17.10.. ..SCO 6138....300 10635....800 14529....30) 10501...300
17**....300 647*5....300 WP5....300 U863....300 19686...300
1833.. ..aO 6171....300 10799....300 14982....300 19727...300
1872.. .300 iV)t?1....300 10816....500 15U«3....300 19728...30)
1V00....5C0 6572....300 108* >5....300 13124....30) 19761..,300
JWX)....:VO «,W....»X) MW75....300 15215....300 1!*N7...:»00
11^96..,.300 0614....300 10897....300 15222....33) 197.84...300
5TC2....a« 6719....300 1C939....30D 15300....300 19150...570
2168.. 6730....3*0 10954....300 15352..19922...300
218.1.. 6830....300 UX350....V00 2.V»?....300 19)21...3^0
2205.. 69*3.'...300 11021....300 15412....300 19.mh..»»
551.. .300 «U6....300 11060....3T0 15126....300 19C2...3:>.)
2118 :*UO GM9....300 11064....:W0 15468....200 I9i8»: .300
2368.. .500 707)2....500 11085....50 154-51....300 19937...30)
2(83....300 7080....300 11091....500 15144....31» 20*^87...300
2400.. .300 7181....360 11102....300 15559....330 2012R...3*/.)
2-428....5C0 7314....:tn0 11130....390 1508....300 20177...3ia)
2467.. *3CO 7367....300 11161....31.0 15W-...300 5KM3...3K)
2473.. ...700 T:J71,....W111ft»....300 hVW>....309 20281...«0)
3175.. ..300 7117....V0 11304....3f/0 15718....300 20278...3D)
2505.. ..590 7421....300 113-')1....300 J8755....300 20353...509
2533.. 300 7J59...1C00 113W....30>) 15865....300 20403...300
2M8....3C0 7516....300 11357....300 15805.,..300 29(23...300
2006.. 300 7519....300 11367....300 15906....300 20452...TtW
2CC3..IOCXX) 7582... ICCO 14376....300 15954....300 20512...300
2673.. 7586....300 11416....300 15957...1000 20571...390
2674.. ..SCO 7606....300 11422....300 1G?22....3n0 30617.-.300
2676.. ..SCO 7620....300 11465....300 16961....300 25614...300
2652.. 7GS3 300 11556....300 16040....300 20725...3C0
2720.. ..300 7733....300 11659 390 18122....300 20743...390
2766.. ..300 7819....300 11665....500 16190....300 20766...20)
2894.. ..300 7539....500 11697....300 16254....300 20^2...300
2910.. .300 7852....3C0 11785....300 16300....300 20^3t...3W
2152.. 7994....300 11844....300 16351....300 20597...309
2262.. ..3(0 8371 300 11553....300 16395....300 20»55...300
3000.. ..300 8578....300 11.565....300 1&420...1C(0 20908...800
3054.. SCO 8597 3TO 11V27....300 16501....:«« 20950...390
3191 ax) 8405....300 11W4...1000 16625.,..300 20972...500
3197.. ..300 8415....300 11945....3U) 16630 300 21048...300
53-15....300 8122....300 11971 300 16^5....300 2KM5...300
5149.. ..300 8456.,..300 12013..-.300 1C815....800 21073...W0
54M....3T0 3174....300 12244....300 16845....300 SiS—S2
asm....aco M83....a00 12220... .300 ie9i6....300 aas7...wo
8532.. ..300 8457....300 J1»>4....300 165)28..-.300 21318...W0
3518 ...SOO 8543....5C0 12456....W0 16930....300 21329..
«.V» ..300 8560....300 124C1....»« 16E471....300 21346...T00
M 65 500 8677 300 12543....300 175 Vi 500 21411.. .SO)
3567 :;:300 p®0:...300 13606....300 17210....300 2H75...30J
3676.. ACO 6658....300 12C08....300 17355..-.300 21536...30)
367?....3C0 5701....a« 12TJ0....300 17352...A00 2J.VC2...300
a*BS.. .300 5717 300 12750....300 17433....300 21569...300
3741.. 8743....300 12761.. 1300 I 7436....3W 21613.,.300
5743.. ..300 8747.....T00 127W f»0 17W3....V0 2Utt2...3»
3759.. ..300 8759....300 12771....800 17533....800 21714...5(X)
3458>...aM 37Ga..ae00 12794....5C0 17530....3U0 21774...300
C 103....:00 5771....4KK1 HS4B 500 17576....300 21817...300
9-33U....3T0 8791....300 12894....300 17Tvn3....300 21551-.; a»
y.159....50i) 5a21)....»J>) RH16....300 17617.100000 21975...300
3J87....a«) 881*3....300 12956....360 177^-*••!»? 2L*SS—2S2
}IK« ..300 A 933....300 UWH....4N 17750....W J31W...1W
4M2....300 8963....300
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
(iv.c-n. t ro.ooo. JK.m.
17616. hom ißsn—WO coic...^t«)au-i..M'o
7t1t...1«0 KBJ-1...600 1M13....400 m...M 6U7....1J0
rrites cashed and information tarnished. The hlgh
cut rates paid for all kinds ol gold and silver*
We nro also averts for the popular loan of too Bank
of jiarcelora, of Spain, which Issues bonds of S per
cent, guaranteed by the Spanish Government. Cott-
PCM paia 1U goia coTa&s.
18 Wall at, Kew York.
BUSINESS CARDS.
to Architects, Builders,
AND CONTBACTOH3.
BENIER’S CARTON PIERRE.
The best substitute for plaster decorations to new
buildings; baht, durable, economical_and fZC
etcnteiL MCeHWi EONji TA\ LOB, 8016 ftpsntj (Ot
Great Britain, are prepared U| larnlsti! e s'iS?,*?JSS
ttmntes for complete execution, olitho uooto in all
■trifyi of architecture, celling decorations, cornice®,
rartimiw ail mouldings and oruamentatlona to publio
Siffinim MMlonlw and private residence*. execu
ted lu tSa desirable material, imd in tho
maimcrT Address MessraTßONß TAYLOR 7
Loirgate Hill, Caunon-st, London, .England.
BDILBEES.
CHEAP P’EAIBE BUILD INHS,
g sTßOTTPdjCO.nndortake to erect temporary dr
TH-rnuiiiont buildings on tbo notice, o*> mast
reasonable terms. Reference as to ability and sped-
SJJJToi workmanship. tlu- Weber Funutiuy company,
coratT Clark anti JimkMin-BtH., wMro order* may Do
left. i ■■l- ■I
F. D. CLABKE; M. 0.,
167 .West i!ladisda*st.,
Fenußly at 17 1 South dariv»t
SOUTH SIDE PRINTING COMPANY
eseento every description of?
,'FINK JOB PIiINTINGf* f
SOO-V/febnaU-SKTfVChicoS*,,,;
GEO. I}/FRONT. tl. ih AUnOTT.
HAMLIN,
HALE
WHOIiESAII'E
CARPETS,
31 33 South €-.mal-st,,
25 to 29 West Wasbington-st,
RETAIL BRANCHc
338 West Madiaon-st.
Oar stock is, in all
foil and complete, and ve inrit*
examination and a comparison.
91 MACKEY
REMOVED
Tiaitijrr.
THEIR NEW STORE.
Cor. State and Monroe,
SHIRTS.
New York Mills Muslin, and 2SW
Linen, to order, $36.
Wamsutta Muslin, and 3100 Linen,
$33.00.
Lonsdale Mnslin, and 2100 Linen,
$30.00.
C7 Cuffs and Nock Bands are ALL LINEN, Contra
Finite of Besoms Three-ply. PerfectsalL»£acU»:i giro*
or money cheerfully refunded.
TOSiSCW BROS.,
PCI Wahash-av., n> West Chicago, aat
Tike’s Opera House. (.TuvimnU,
WOOXXEN GOODS.
BDEIIfT^SUWOS
Are receiving daily additions to their stock of
Zephyr Worsteds,
COMMENCED SUPPERS,
WORSTED GOODS,
Nubia?, Scarfs, Hosiery, Cardigans,
MITTENS, LECGINS. ETC..
253 W. Madison-st*
HOTEL RANGES.
A FRESH SUPPLY OF
MS HOTEL MOBS.
Broilers, Carving Tables, &c.,1
JUST RECEIVED.
m, HI, SMITH k i„
1068 1070 Slate-st.
IS. STOMHT ON,
No- 884 Wabash-av.,
Will exhibit her recant importations of
Paris Millinery, for the Win tar leason,
on Thursday and Friday, Mot. 83 and 84.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
GOPADTKEBSUIP NOTICE,
Thomas J. Beard U admitted as a partner la the firm
of Savage, Beard Co., and the firm name changed
Irum lids date to Beard, Eavago «fc Beard, vrho wlllooa
tinao the Importing and Jobbing of Crockery, OlasaS
■ware, etc., at 70 West Wasliington-Rt.
BEAI iD, SAVAGE BKARD.
Chicago, Nov. 3,157 T.
LOST—S2OO REWARD.
In the contusion of the great Are a trunk was take*
from Terraco Block, Mlchtganav.. containing family
silver marked “Sherman.’* and other diver marked
-gath InlfhiJg. B. F. HITKB3tAN. 5K Wflh.wli-aT.
TO LEASE,
For a Term of Years,
the southwest corner of Madison and Wells-sts., 45 feefc
nnMadlson-st.', by 90 feet on Wells-st. Also several
OthemiOVfu at T^suliL.property In ihv tmnit itUtrtot.
GEORGE M. HIOII.
4S East Tlarrison-st.
ICE OHEAM.
rvo are supplvlmr our customers and public peneral-
Ivwith our debcloos winter Ice cream at old rates,
f’or dessert or evening parties It 5 s the cheapest, beet
and most popular luxury that can be used on tho
table. Leave orders at old place. lOOEast htadlson-st.,
near Tribune Building, at residence No. 27? West
Jacfenon-st.. mar Merman. or at old place U9 Twenty
eocond.at. Otilers filled promptly.
ry Cut this out for memorandum.
W. P..BRAZELTON A CO.
KINDLING WOOD,
S4.CO pet coni delivered. Orders by mail promptly
filled- STEPHENS CLARK. Placing Hill anil Bo a:
Opera House Restaurant
The subscriber wishes to Inform his patrons, and tho
public.in general, thafe.be has resinned busfjxeM sfe
<l(7 Wabosh-a v. f and U prepared to fill all ord.ers la hist,
lint—lce Cream, Charlotte Busse,_&a. Orders by
mail for Thanksgiving or other parties, promptly at
tended to. Parties owing hills please r emit.
JOHN WEIGHT.
ÜBCEtiLA]r.£OIJ9.
tACjEsT
Mils. 'H. lono.
MANUFACTURER 'oi- IIONITOK FOTirT LACE.
navinpDeeufcnrn,e Mr
MS rranmoilmsiu. iSS £S mrr
retell to HU all on* .era as er l£Sm
nescriptfen clear ,0. ri'eniee' so' JH 1 p or y, 9
WESTEBW LOAN OFFICE,
.-rFtatMt.latoo, 1» Sooth dark at
vrsr *V' K <mOB.-Par««l-oWtaS pawnUctetsfor
s£!»aysas?fi
1
3
DRY GOODS.
CO.*
A Nil
REMOVAL.
HAVE
SHIRTS.
MILLINERY.
LOST.
TO LEASE.
ICE CREAK.
FOB SAUL
restaurant.