local anO 3tatc Kctos.
We intend in a tew days to call special at
tention to the large assortment, of holiday
goods offered by our advertisers.
It may interest the ladies even in this vi
cinity to know that the price of a universal
tress of loose hair, in London, varies from £2
to £15, according to the length, which avera
ges from twenty-eight to forty-five inches.
Snow enough to dash the hopes of the
skaters, but not enough to bring comfort to
traders with large holiday stocks on hand.
But, then, let them wait patiently, for “Kc 1
ncbec winters never rot in the sky.”
Those who may he able to attend, are as
sured that the ladies of the Kr.ee Baptist so
ciety have provided very pleasant entertain
ments at their vestry for ibis and to-morrow
evenings. A beautiful allegory will he pre
sented on each evening, besides the usual re
freshments nnd good cheer.
Swan lias clothed old Mother Earth in the
latest style of hoop skirts. Old Sol with
sorrowful countenance, has got tirod of keep
ing the reckoning of the agronomical
changes, and passes to the old dame an Elgin
watch, satisfied that in the future his labors
may be lighter. The identical watch may ho
seen at Swan’s jewelry store.
How comfortable it w ill be when horse cars
run from this city to Hallowoll. Old ladies
can take their knitting work, sit down by the
stove (witli which doubtless they w ill be pro
vided) Hnd knit round three or four times
while going to and from the cities. Young
ladies can lean back, throw off their shawls,
and read novels till they leave the ears.
I’ev. Mr. Moor of this city delivered a tem
perance address at the National Military Asy
lum on Tuesday evening, which was very en
thusiastically received. At the close of the
lecture Mrs. Weaver read several selections
which gave great satisfaction. She has decid
ed genius as a reader, and has been invited to
give an evening’s entertainment on Friday
next, at the same place.
A private letter from Mr. II. 1!. White
house of Clinton, Iowa, formerly of this city,
says: “For the past week the cold has been
intense, the mercury ranging from 10 to 15
degrees below zero, and no snow.” Mr. W.
was formerly a member of the firm of S.
O. C. Whitehouse, dry goods dealers hero,
hut on account of the failing health of his
wife, was induced to locate in Clinton, Iowa,
where he has been for a year and a half. The
health of his wife has much improved since.
He is connected with Chas. Alden, son of Col
1). Alden, who will return to spen l Christmas
with his parents here.
In the matter of the United States vs.
James McCarthy, two indictments were found
by the Grand jury, one lor assault with a
knife with intent to kill and murder Charles
\V. Jackson, and one for stabbing witli intent
to kill anil murder Patrick Doyle. Doth tri
als occupied three days at the U. S. District
Court at Portland. McCarthy was acquitted
of any felonious intent either to murder or
to kill, but was convicted of a simple assault
with a knife on the first indictment, and of a
simple assault and battery with a knife, on
the second, lie w as sentenced by Judge For
to imprisonment in Kennebec jail nine
months on the first indictment, and ten months
on the second. The expenses of his support
in jail are paid by the United States. Att’y
General Heed of Portland and County Att'y
Whitehouse ol this city Wire counsel for the
accused.
A gentleman in this city who handles bottled
chain lightning like a plaything, made some
holiday purchases at n store the other even
ing, but on returning home with his wife,
missed the bundle, in which the goods w e:
wrapped. Great anxiety was felt, and O 'tis
a fact that the lightning calculator seized a
lantern and commenced a thorough rccontmi- i
ter of the ground over which he had been dur
ing the evening—returning to the stores In- hod
visited, scanning the streets, sidewalks and
crossings—but nary a bundle could he find.
As a last resort, ami trusting to the honesty
of the finder, lie next went t the telegraph
office and wrote the copy of an advertisement j
of the missing bundle, to appear in the next
morning's Daily. Directions hid just b in
given to tlie buy to take the copy to the print
ing office, when the door opened ami in walk
ed the proprietor of the store at which the
purchase had been made, with the missing
bundle, Another testimony to the riilio of
adentising. Unbelievers may sneer at this,
aid say that advertising had nothing to do
with the return of that bundle, llut, we
would liketoask ifa well formed^inpose toad
vertise lias the cflect to return a missing treas
ure, who can measure the results flowing
from the advertisement itself, appearing in
the face and eyes of its nunv readers?
llallowcll Items.
M. T uek, of the old city market, has
changed his tmirki t to a pork packing es
tablishment, and is buying the hogs as fast as
they arc brought in, supplying orders for clean
jiork, front those dealers who prefer native too
western pork. In connection with this he
receives hams from all points on the river
and cures them ready for the table, minus
the cooking.
The firm of Dean Ward of the Central
Market is dissolved. Mr. Ward retires from
the concern, and the business w ill be contin
ued by Mr. llufus Dean who fully understands
the business.
Noticing a White Line car of the Lake
Shore Michigan Southern 1{. D. standing at
the depot yesterday loaded with granite, curi
osity prompted us to inquire its destination.
The foreman of the works informed us that
the granite blocks were lor monuments; and
were going to Cincinnati, Ohio, and would go
In,ough without change. The company have
filled several orders for finished granite from
the same city.
The Classical School at llallowcll.
Mu. Editor :—As many inquiries have
been addressed to me, both verbally and by
letter, in reference to the opening of the Class
ical and English School at llallowcll, will you
allow me to explain briefly through your col
umns, the present condition and prospects of
the enterprise. It was decided in the outset
not to commence operations until the sum of
900,000 shall be raised, which should be held
as a permanent fund, and put the school on a
solid basis and insure its success. Towards
completing this preliminary endowment all
the efforts have been directed, and thus far
with most gratifying success, and only a com
paratively small balance now remains to be
be made up. And it is confidently hoped that
all necessary arrangements will be effected in
season for an early spring term.
The interest in the matter has been con
stantly growing not only in the denomination
under whose auspices it is started but as the
aim and scope of the school contemplated is
more fully understood, it is meeting with de
cided favor from many of the leading literary
and professional men throughout the State.
It is proposed to establish a Classical and Eng
lish School of the highest order, and for both
sexes, similar and equal in all respects to the
Andover and Exeter schools, with one import
ant difference viz: tlail the education of the
sexes shall be in common while boardin') sep
arately. That there is great room and de
mand for such a school in this Stale is quite
manifest, and that it would be largely patron-1
iz- d, is placed beyond a question by the nu
merous applications for admission already re
ceived. Considerable numbers are waiting in j
dilfercnt parts of the State to enter both the
Classical ami English departments. The ex- j
penses of schools of this kind ami class are'
becoming so enormous that they are almost
placed beyond the reach of all but the wealthy.
It is intended in this plan to provide a school
with equal advantages and at the same time
with far less cost and in a word to found an
institution that will do for Maine in‘the cen
turies to come, what the schools above re
ferred to have done for their States respect-1
ing the past. H. F. II.
The first sewing machine sold in Augusta
—the Wheeler Wilson.
The last sewing machine sold in Augusta
—the Wheeler Wilson.
Caction. Purchasers of the Peruvian Sy
rup (a protected solution of the protoxide of
iron) are cautioned against,being deceived by
any of the preparations of Peruvian Hark, or
Hark and Iron, which may be offered them.
Every bottle of genuine lias Peruvian Syrup
(not Peruvian Hark) blown in the glass. Ex
amine the bottle-before purchasing.
tltdiw
Fellow's Compoi'nd Sykl'p.of Hi pophos
phitb.h is an excellent nervous tonic. It ex
erts a direct inlluencc on the nervous system,
and through it invigorates the body.
decl 1—f&w 1 w
Nlnntls the Test nf Time.
Mrs. Joltn Young of this city states that in
Ibid site purchased a fifty-dollar Wheeler
Wilson sewing machine, being at tiiat time
fully informed of their excellence over ail
others. This machine has been in almost un
interrupted use ever since (a period of fifteen
years, without even' the most trifiift; repairs)
on many totally different materials, such as
stitching the edges of soldiers’ overcoats,
overcoat linings, ladies' boots, dresses, shirts, 1
boys'jacket*, pants, tucked and hemmed cot
ton cloth, linen, nansook. and Swiss muslin, j
A 2 1-2 needle was used a year without even
removing it from the machine, and used on j
the usual heavy and light garments worn by
ladies and gentlemen. She has earned not!
less than three thousand dollars ($2,000)
with it. The machine is in complete order,
none of its parts being worn, and bids fair to I
be willed to those who come alter her. .Mrs. j
Young’s machine can he seen at her rcsi-
dence opposite J. P. Wyman's mills. j
{Harriet!.
In Watcrx i’K*, 4th in-t ElhridgetJ >)ffln f f A u-
burn, Mi Mury II. Dunbar of Waterville; 21
in.-t 1. Thayer. M. I)., i! Waterville. t«» Mi
I iini'd I.. Mu ll. daughter ol Judge Midi of V\ a-li- I
ingt'in, D
in Hallowell. 12th Inst., by Rev. C. G. McCttUy,
Xahant M Pinkhmn of West Uardiner, to Mis» Lu
cy K. Wint r of Fanmegdale.
Dim.
In Bath, itfh in-f.. Si.ttira A. Crook* r, daughter
ol iIn* late W’m D. Crook r. Mg*d ..Mrs and A
month.-; ii'li m t.. Mrs Amenta (Jouiti, aged TO i
yi'i'.r* and iiion hs.
1 bVadth Id 1 Uli ult., Mr-. Nani’v D. r. ui. w is
ol l*jdi un T. rain, aged 71 year*.
rplll-; I t ii of the Five Baj.t -t i*-iv will liold
1 a >;tle ami Festival in the VK>TliY of lheir
Cnureh on
Thursday auil Friday KuHiitiirs,
Dec. 14 and 1.1.
There will also be presented a beautiful Allegmy
entitled
Ligktheart’s Pilgrimage.
A Variety Ol Cm fill and Fancy Articles will be
ottered t -r sale, Miitab.e tor |iiesents during the
Holiday*.
Ice Cretim, Oysters, Cake,
And wtlier re fro-lum nt s for -ale.
Tickets of Admission 25 Cents.
Cltllclren 1**> C Vnts.
Why is it
Td unl/s Holiday Goods are Selling so tied
Because they are so
VERY O II E AP
AN1) DESIRABLE.
t til rally, before* the assortment is too much broken
dec*t!wl4 AtTlTCOMU'S Drug Store.
TO XjET.
IM1:NISUK1> rooms, near the state House. Ap*
ply at this otllee
augutta, ilee. it. i"71. deedl-fti
NOTICE.
I PETITIONS will be presented to the next I.egis* i
i.-'.alure for an net of incorporation for the
Maine Classical School,—and also for leave tor the
Trustees of Ilallowcll Academy to transfer their
corporate property to said school.
I >uc. 11, 1871._dee U-Mt &w3t
NOTICE.
r MIE Stockholders of the Amertean National
Hank ol Ilallowcll will hold their Annual Meet
ing lor choice of Directors, at their banking room,
on Tuesday, Jan. Dili, 1872, at 10 o’clock A. M., and
forthe transaction of any other business which;
may legally come before them.
A II. HOWARD,Cashier,
Ilallowcll,Dee. 12,1871. dec 14 fit
Dissolution of Co-Partnership.
f i'HE no-partnership heretofore existing uuder the
1 llrm mmie of Clapp A Norlli is tine day dis
Mdved. The buaiaes;, oi tiie llvm will be settled by
Horace North, to whom all debts duo to the late
Arm arc payable. II CLAPI*.
HORACE NORTH.
Augji' ta, Doc. 1,1S71.
The subscriber will continue the Book an l Sta-!
ttoucry business at the old stand, l.V> Water st.
deci-ttw HORACE NORTH.
Dry Hard Wood.
I.^OR SALE liy
COLBCRN A FAUGHT.
Augusta. Nov. 17,18, 1871. teod.'iw
CALL AT
Geo. Hunt’s
TO SEE III8
NEW STOCK OF FANCY GOODS
FOR Tin:
CONSISTING IN PART OF
Parian Marble Statues, French Vases. Cutlery of
all kinds, Fancy Boxes. Wax and China Do.1m,
Ladies’ and Gents’ Travelling Bugs and
Ba kets, Albums, Gilt Goods of all
kinds, Gold Pens and Pencils, Jew
el iv of all kinds, Music. Boxes,
Writing Desks, Portmon
ai»-B, Spy Glasses, Tea Bells.
Perfumer}', Backgammon Boards,
Dominoes, Playing Cards, Handker
chief and Glove Boxes, Accordeons, liar
monicons, Combs and Brushes, Violin strings,
Ladies Companions, Fancy Match Boxes China
Tea Sets, French, German and American Tovs,
Scotch Wood Goods, Compasses and Tape
Measures, Fishing Tackle, &c., &c.,
Tho Above \nnied Goods arenll
nx’o'w,
And Will bo Sold at Prices as
Cheap Cheapest!
ALSO A FCLL SITTLV OF
FRUIT AM) CONFECTIONERY.
The Largest Assoriment of
CANNED FRUIT
In the City, at the
c ii tz a x* iz m t i* it i x; H•
3VTJTS, cfcc., d?c.
tail and examine our goals before purchasing
elsewhere. GEO. HUNT,
«le<-!«- No. 128 Water St., Augusta.
A LARGE AND FULL
A S SORT M P] 1ST T
—OF
SHEET WAX,
TOOLS AND MATERIALS
For Making Wax Flowers
—AND
Tj E A V E S
IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.
CAM. AND EXAMINE MY 'Till K
HOLIDAY GIFTS.
CONSISTIN'*; IN I-AKTOl
-A- Ibu in b
Juvenile Toy Books,
Games,
23ullcling MIocIlh,
WRITING DESKS,
Portfolios,
FANS, CARVED GOODS,
BOOK AM) MUSIC STAADS,
Fancy Boxes, Scotch Goods, Ac.
Pierces Book Store,
One door south of Kinsman’s Drug Store.
dec 15- rtf
A LARGE SUPPLY OF THE
LATEST IMPROVED
W HE TO I. II H WII.SON
seivi.m; n a (tuxes
F r the Extra Demand for IFdidav Presents, at
V. A C. II. BKIC K\S.
decu-ttf
Notice.
r|MIF stockholders* of TIIK fiRAXITE A
I TlOY VLlt VYKOF AD.Isn wiiUm'd
Ilnur annual inerting for the election of Dnectoi-.
md for tran.-acting any olhe legitim it busine--,
lit their It.iuking B«om m \iigu-ta,on Tuesday, the
ninth day of .January. 1*72. at ten o’clock in the
forenoon. vx M. 1.,lulls*■> *N, Cashier.
I i, D< e. II. 1871. decl2f3t
LOST.
ON Monday evening, on Bridge street, a bundle
containing under In him: Tin* tinder will
be rewarded Mutably In leaving it at mv -hop.
GfcU. If C U( >SS,
Augu-ta._dec 14-Ml
NOW READY.ySSKw*.
I Oiuplele Odicial, St iti.-tieal ano Itu.-.iie-- Dire
buy of the state. 4.'hj pages. MAP. -bowing C ouu
t;e.-. '1 own.-. Itaili -ml*. Men mb* t Fine-, vv it h Di.
t ne e-. Fare- lYIegraj h and 1-\p e-- staii* n-.
Full of information a- a nut of meat. 14 compute
l 11 x DlhE* Tonu s, for $1 f»0. Even body .vvant
it. Sent p si mi -l for £1 .’mi Map alone, pocket
form.Non-. AGENTS WANTED \ddre-s,
11. A. MfKKWKV A
Lice 14 -A w 4w 42 1 2 Exchange st Portland, Me.
The Ladies Who Get
Wheeler 6l Wilson
SEWINC; MACHIXEH
ARE Rs'STRCCTED AT THEIR HOMES BY
Experienced Operators.
lllTlfUf
Mo Postponement.
The Big Gift Concert and Ball
At Lemont Hall,
33 11 UNS AV 3 C 1C
Will come of* NEW 3 EARS po? itively.
Mlisle am) Management First-Class.
The Valuable Presents consisting “I Lewiston
Boy. tiold'Mounted Harness, Mi\er Tea Sett, sil
ver lee I’itehers. Castors, Top Buggy. Fine Dent’s
Driving Horse, Cold and Silver Dollars, Watehos,
Ac., will be distributed on the t.»l.owing day.
Secure ticket?, a? they are ..11 ia the hand? of
agents, and neatly all sold.
H. R. PINK HAM, Proprietor.
Agents at Augusta—PottKit A Bknnktt.
Brunswick, Dec. 9,1871. deel2-f;lt
The Best Flour can be bought at
173 Water St..
Where they keep
COLES FFFG,
PH’ H. POSTELS
EMPRESS, PEERLESS,
And other Brands of a High Quality.
WIT.L8 A STANLEY'
decU-ftf
C'l ERM IN W<IBSrKOS In i fro ii \ai els Ueo
J YARNS in colors. Stamping for embroidery
done with dispatch at MRS. DECKER’S Hallowed.
nov2.VtSm
'BY TELEGRAPH
-TO TIIE
Daily Kennebec Journal.
New* from New York
New York, 13. The Clearing House Asso
ciation has resolved that the bank examiner
Caldner has ceased to commend the confi
dence of the hanks and asks the comptroller
of the currency to appoint a comptent man in
his stead.
The buildings.of the Franklin Manufactur
ing Company on Mill street, l’atterson, N.
J.,were burned this forenoon. Loss $130,
000; largely insured in the New York City
and Hartford Companies.
At two P. M., to-day the Erie Kailroad
Company restored $30,000 in shares of Erie
stock claimed by English stockholders. The
certificates were handed to commissioner
White who transferred them to the counsel
for the claimants.
The rumor of the failure of the Tenth Na
tional 15,ink is denounced by its officers as
unfounded.
It is reported that Gen. Iluticr is to telend
Jim Irving on trial.
Three hundred and fifty soldiers have left
by railroad for New Orleans.
It is reported that the police commission
ers will revoke the order forbidding the in
ternational parade.
The schoolship Mercury cleared to-day
for Cape Palmas, Africa, on a cruise of in
struction for the boys.
There were 57 deaths from small pox in
Brooklyn last week.
Intelligence from Havana.
Havana, 13. A document issued by prom
inent insurgents who lately surrendered, and
signed by over 3200 persons, says: In the
tuture we will adhere to the throne of Spain,
and are now disposed to aid the government
We have seen our illusion vanished, because
the country failed to support it. and the gov
ernment of Spain is now sufficiently strong
to maintain the integrity of its territory.
The insurgents now in the field are mostly
negroes under the leadership of Ignacio Ag
ramonte, w ho rebelled against Cespedesa Not
a house is left standing between Los Tunas
and Morrow, and the desolation is terrible.
All hopes by the insurgents of surrenderin
have been given up, and the destruction of
the country is rapidly going on. The negroe
are working to make themselves masters ol
the situation and are li ruinant in the distri ts
lately occupied by the Insurgents. The sur
rendered insurgents protest against the pro
longation of tight, and consider that the sal
vation of tiie country is obtained, and look
forward to reconstruction and early peace
The Signors praise Valmeseda and his policy
and ask the King to make a concession to the
Island after peace is established, naming as
a apeciality a social constitution to adjure
past errors, and believe that they represent
tic majority of their party. Fifteen thous
and insurgents have surrendered during the
pa-t year in the central departments, and say
undividedly and collectively that they are
ready to perform whatever duty is required
of them as Spaniards.
The Wharton Case.
Annapolis, MJ., 13. In the Wharton
trial to-day deputy marshal Frey testified that
ti e prisoner told him July 7th the circum
stances ol'Ketchum’s illness. That she pur
chased tartar emetic. During that time she
intended to go to Europe, hut woulJ not tell
the matter was closed up. She offered him
a roll of money as a present, which he de
clined. II. Torrey testified to the prisoner
making Ketehuni a sangaree of brown stout
Tuesday afternoon, and that she said he took
it.
The W eather.
War Department, i
Office of the Chief Signal Officer.
^Washington, Dec. 13.—7 1’. M. j
Probabilities.
The barometer will probably rise through
out the Mi-souri valley, hut will fall Thurs
day on the gulf coast. Cloudy weather will
probably prevail front Kentucky north and
east, .with snow to-night very generally from
Maryland to Maine. The lowest barometer
wiil advance northeastward over New Eng
land, preceded by increasing easterly winds
and followed tin Thursday by fresit northwest
winds and cloudy weather in tlie Middle and
Eastern States. Cloudy weather will con
tinue on the gulf coast, and partially cloudy
weather and rising temperature in the in
terior of tlie Gulf and Southern States.
iiostou items.
Boston, 13. To-day Alexis visited Quincy
Market and other places in a quiet way. He
leaves to-morrow forenoon.for Montreal.
Yesterday in Littleton, Mass., Patrick
Keating shot iiis wife three times with a re
volver, and afterwards shot himself. The
act was committed in tlie presence of tiieir
four young children. Both were living this
afternoon "but with no hopes of recovery.
Cause domestic difficulty. Both aged about
35,
It is snowing this evening witli indications
of rain.
Steamship Siberia arrived from Liverpool
to-day. She had two cases of small pox on
hoard. They were removed to the hospital
on Gallop island.
News From Washington.
Washington, 13. The House Committee
on Appropriations will report a bill appro-.
I riatnig $-'3,000 to cover the defflciency of
K. A. McCarthy, disbursing clerk of the post
office department.
The United States and British Commission
commenced its session to-day in the case of
John Holmes Hanna vs. the United States
number two. The Commissioners decide that
the United States cannot be held liable (or in
juries caused by the acts ot rebels.
EUROPEAN NEWS.
I.ondon, 13. There is a feeling in some
circles that the official bulletins have repre
sented the case of the l’rinee of Wales worse
than it really is. in order to arouse sympathy
for the Prince and make him popular.
The foreign office has sent instructions to
all its agents abroad to investigate the organ
izations of the various brandies of the inter
national society, and report to the govern
ment.
The telegraph employees are returning to
their work in all the principal cities w ithout
having accomplished their object. The move
ment was a failure.
A bulletin issued from Sandringham at 10
P. M.,says that the Prince of Wales passed
a less unquiet night.
Unofficial despatches from Sandringham
are unfavorable. The lung symptoms are
reported more distressing.
Madrid, 13. There is a rumor that a min
isterial crisis is approaching and a dissolu
tion of the Cortes is imminent.
Bombay, 13. The people of this city have
offered prayers for the restoration of the
1 health of the Prince of Wales.
Telegraph News In General.
Philadelphia, 13. Hon. W. Cox, ex-Con
gresitnan and a prominent mason died at
j Many to-day.
San Francisco, 13. The Republican leg
islative caucus nominated A. Sargent for the
Senate by 54 votes to 13 for Cole, and all
others 5.
Saratoga, N. V., 13. There has been a
heavy snow storm here to-day and from five
to six inches of snow fell.
Albany, 13. Francis Letair a letter carrier
was arrested to-day for purloining letters.
Qe confessed.
Chicago, 13. It is asserted by several
city journals that several if not all persons
appointed to office by the common council on
Monday night were approached by certain
alderman and required to give a money con
sideration for success. Several unsuccessful
candidates made a public statemeut declaring
their willingness to make affidavits of the
fact that money was demanded by the aider
men, and on their declining were emphati
cally told they could not have the places.
The people demand an investigation.
Halifax, 13. A Railroad Company was or
ganized at Yarmouth yesterday to extend a
railroad from Annapolis to Yarmouth, that
being the nearest point to the United States.
Portland, Me., 13. The Portland Roch
ester Railroad at the stockholders meeting
to-day voted to take one hundred thousand
stock in the Nashua Rochester Railroad,
after satisfactory lease is made to the Wor
cester Nashua Railroad, and the directors
ordered to apply to legislature for act to
legalize the same.
Mr. Iienjamin Stevens an old man nearly
seventy-eight years of age, died suddenly of
hvHrt disease to-night while sitting in a black
smith shop.
Salt Lake City, 13. Alexender Hurt a po
liceman, James Tours gunsmith, and John
L. Blythe were arrested by the United States
Marshall on a warrant charging them with
the murder of D. Johnson in October 18GG.
Johnson was assailed at midnight in the pub
lic streets.
St. Louis, 13. The Times will publish to
morrow a letter from James S. Phelps, ex
chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means, opposing the Passive policy.
Baltimore, Md., 13. At a meeting of
the board of directors of the Baltimore
Ohio Railroad to day ,1. W. Gannett was
unanimously re-elected President. This
makes the fourteenth election as President.
Columbus, S. C., 13. In the Ku-Klux
Court to-day a witness confessed that he was
a member of the Klan, which was furmed in
1808 for self-defense and to prevent incen
diarism. The defense produced a witness to
show the urgent need of an organization for
defensive purposes.
FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL
New York Money Market*
New York, December 13,
Gold closed at 109?*
United States Sixes (coupons), 1881J 117*49
ri 5-20’s 1862, 110*4
77 i 1864. 110*4 g
1865, 111 NS
180*5.||Jan. A July, 113?;
1 1867, 115*®
1868 115 S9
10-40’8,icoupon«)> 109?;£
Pacific fixes, |i(w
Centr i P&oiflciif 91
Union 4
New^York Stock Market*
New York.-December, 13,
Mariposa do pfd., Canton Co. 09 Cum
berlaml Co. 40 Western Union Tel Co.. 68*;
Quicksilver Mining Co,, 24 Pacific Mail, 50k;
Boston Water Power. 40 Adams Ex. Co. 887,;
'Veils. Fargo A Co., 55 American Merchants Un
6e*; U. S. Ex. Co.. 59*; N. Y. Central A Hudson
River, 93 do. scrip. 87 k; Erie. 32 N do. pfd. 65
Harlem. 121 do. pfd 127 Reading. 114*; Mich.
Central. 118 Lake Shore and Michigan Southern
91 Illinois Central 132 ;Clcveland A Pittsburg.
124k Chicago A North Western. 61 k do. pfd 8'**;
Chicago A Rock Island. 104 Mil. A St. Paul 53*4
do. pld.. 77k; Toledo, Wabash A Western, 6.3?;;
do. pfd 84 Pittsburg A Fort Wayne, 90*,; Terre
Haute,16k; do. pfd 50; Alton. 110k; do, pfd 119
Ohio A Miss., 424, ;Boston, Hartford Erie. 27;
New York Produce Market*
New York. December, 13.
COTTON—sale* 2031 bales: mid. nnlands20*;.
FLOUR—7400; state 585 a 710: round hoop Ohio
655 3735 western 5 85§7 2.5, southern 680£9 25.
WHEAT 21000 bu; No i spring 151 154 new
Po 2 do ;winfer red and amber western 158 a 108.
CORN— 54000 new mixed western 78 §78 V;
00
OATS— sales 24000 western 55*, §56*,
PORK— new mess, §13.50. old, 13.75
00.00. prime.
LARD 9k §9?; steam: 3 kettle, 10%.
BUTTER—West'n. 12913; state. 31 §34.
WHISKEY Westernfree, 99*.;
RICE—Carolina. 8J, §9
SUGAR— Porto Rico, Muscovado, 9 §10
Chicago Produce Market.
Chicago, December 13.
FLOUR—spring extras
WHEAT—No. 2. 119?;
CORN—32*;
rMTS-32 for No. 2
RYE—No 2,:03k
B ARLEY—63*4 for No. 2.
MESS PORK- 13 20
1 ARD 8k
LIVE HOGS—430.
RECEIPTS—5000 (lour. 20.000 wheat 103.000 corn
24.000 oats. 3000 barley. 24.000 hogs.
SHIPMENTS—5ooo Hour, 5,UK) corn 11000 oats
3000 barley 3".00 hogs.
Cincinnati Produce Market
Cincinnati, December 13.
MESS PORK-13 75
LARD 9*4
BULK MEATS—sides 6*;
B a CON—shoulder, 7*4 clear rib 7*; sides 7*;
WHISK EY-fT
STATE NEWS.
George A. Wadsworth has been appointed
postmaster at East Winthrop, vice Eyman
White deceased. A post office has been es
tablished at Sebago Lake, and Joseph A.
Webster appointed postmaster.
lion. Eugene Hale, representative from the
5th district, is to marry the daughter of Sen
ator Chandler of Michigan, on the 20th inst.
D. I,. Wadsworth, Esq., recently of Pem
broke, hns bought a place and settled in Alls
ton, Mass., where he expects to make his fu
ture home.
A number of land owners in Piscataquis
county having appealed from the award of
the County Commissioners in the matter of
damages on the line of B. P. Railroad, the
cases are now on trial before referees at Dov
er this week. The case of Calvin Chamber
lain of Foxcroft is now being considered.
Th* Whig learns that Dr. S. B. Morrison,
of Bangor, received a telegram Tuesday,
slating that his boy had been found in Bos
ton. Our readers will remember that the
lad mysteriously disappeared about two
weeks since.
Mr. C. P. Kimball of Portland, has recent
ly got up some new style sleighs, single and
double,that lie facetiously calls the “New De
parture.”
Hear that wicked Morrell of the Home
Journal: “Harvey who killed Savage, in
Augusta, in Augusta, had Ins trial last week,
was fined S400 and imprisoned three months.
That's a pretty severe sentence for killing an
Augusta man, but for a Gardiner chap we
should think the price low.”
The North Vassaltioro' correspondent of
the Lewiston Journal says that Mr. Albert
Cook who has for more than fourteen years
held the position as Superintendent of Vas
salhoro’ Woolen Mills, bus accepted the Su
penntendency of Bates Woolen Department
at Lewiston, and will enter upon the duties
of the same firm next week. We consider
them fortunate in securing the serv ices of so
practical a manufacturer as Mr. Cook, and
under his management Bates Moscow Beaver
will retain, if not increase, the reputation
they have attained as a first-class beaver.
We are sorry to loose Mr. Cook and family
from our village, but our loss will be youi
gain, Vassalboro’ Woolen Mills, Geo. Wil
kins, agent are running to their full extent
and turning out a large number of G-4 Blue
Tricots. Beavers and Broadcloths, also 8-4
Doeskin, Blue Cassimeres &c., which will
equal in make luster and finish any goods of
the same material made in the country.
Proof of which is, all their goods meet with a
ready sale and no doubt at a fair profit to the
stockholders.
At Mr. Russell's in Fittston, is a couple
'who were victims by the Peshtigo fire. Their
name is Russel. The man is quite sick with
the consumption. They lost everything they
had by the fire and barely escaped with their
lives. Mrs. Russell would have died, as she
dropped several times from exhaustion, but
tier son dragged her along till she revived
and at length reached the river, where she
remained ter hours in the water.
Mr. Samuel I.ucas of Canton, says the
Democrat met with a serious accident a short
time since, by the explosion of a kerosene
lantern, burning his leg below the knee so
badly that large pieces of flesh hnve come
off, confining him to his bed. His friends
made up a purse and purchased a barrel of
flour for hint on the 30th ult.
A correspondent of the Portland Press
says that a flourishing young merchant in
Piscataquis, engaged to be married on
Thansgiving day. but forgot to get “booked”
by the town clerk, and had to submit to a
postponement. Subsequently he had the
“intention" duly entered with the town of
ficial and obtained the little noose-paper, but
when the happy day arrived found that he
had lost it. and was compelled to repair to the
clerk’s olfiee for a duplicate, which having
obtained, he hastened to a magistrate and
was made happy.
The Portland papers say that about two
o'clock Tuesday morning, Mrs. Jabez Dyer,
who resides on State street in that city, heard
a man walking stealthily in the entry, appar
ently going towards the room where her son
slept. She got up and went into the entry
and then saw' the man, who had doubtless
been frightened by her movements, going
down stairs. He find a dark lantern in his
hand, the light from which was plainly seen
on the banisters, and appeard to have slip
pers on his feet. He made his escape out of
a door he had opened. Mrs. Dyer raised the
window and gave the alarm, but the burglar
had made good his escape.
All the mills in Oxford are now running on
full time, which makes business good.
The dwelling house in Shirly owned and
occupied by Mr. Willard Littlefield, was des
troyed by fire last Wednesday night. Scare
ly any of the furniture, was saved. Insured
for $300.
The Oxfor Register says the mill of the
Hun. John Lynch at Albany, presents quite
a curiosity in employment of the water power
in addition to the original power at the mill.
There is a Hume some lew rods below the
mill and an additional water wheel which is
connected with the shafting in the mill above
by means of a wire belt, thus getting the
power of the water twice in the same build
ing.
A correspondent of the Whig tells of a nar
row escape of Mr. Wm. 1’ratt of Foxcroft.
A grandchild of his in a neighboring house
was supposod to be dying and all the family
bad gone there, leaving the house alone. Mr.
l’ratt returned to the house for a coat and
smelled smoke of clothes t urning. He looked
around and found a room filled with smoke.
He got a pail of water and sprinkled it over
the floor and then groping around, discov
ered that a bed was on fire. This he gath
ered in his arms, took it to the door and
threw it out upon the snow, treading out the
flames as well as he could. On returning to
the room he fuund that a straw bed that he
had left was all in flames reaching to the
ceiling. He endeavored to take that out but
could not do it alone and called for help, ns
he was well nigh exhausted by inhaling so
much smofce. Fortunately assistance was at
hand and the further progress of the flames
was arrested.
J. S. Griffin of Eastport, have been ob
liged to suspend, owing to severe losses in
shipping.
W ashington Matters.
The Chronicle and Republican arc very
severe in their criticisms ot Mr. Geo. Wilkes,
and the latter asserts that he is a disappoint
ed applicant for the missions to Mexico and
Spain.
Among the confirmations made by the
United States Senate 'Tuesday were George
Bancroft as envoy extraordinary to the Ger
man empire, John W. Douglass as commis
sioner of internal revenue.
Senator Morton's proposition to close the
session in May is not acceptable to many re
publicans, some of them thinking that it looks
like a desire to prevent Congressional discus
sion of important topics.
There are indications that the Ways and
M cans Committee of the House will prepare
during the holidays an amendment tariff bill
reducing the duties on coal, iron and salt,
and greatly increasing the free list.
The friends of General Sickles state that
he will not return to the Spanish mission.
He is now on his way home at his own re
quest, and will be granted the leave which he
desires, to remain.
The report of the election committee on
the Texas case settles nothing except that
Herndon, the democrat who was sworn in,
and Clark, republican, are prim i facie en
titled to st ats, that is, their credentials are in
tl.e form required I y the laws of Texas.
A representative uf Governor Palmer of
Ili%lois is in Washington to secure if possi
ble an order from the Secretary of War for
the removal ot the United States troops from
Chicago, lie represents that Gov. Palmer
is very mueli in earnest abuut the matter of
taking even more positive and decided views
on the rights ot the civil authorities than a
few wicks since.
In the United States Senate Tuesday, the
resolution adjourning from December 21 to
January S was adopted. Mr. Morton moved
to take up his resolution for a final adjourn
ment on the third Monday in May. whereup >n
several amendments were proposed, pending
the consideration of which the Senate went
into executive session and adjourned. In the
Mouse the resolution for an investigation ol
the various executive departments was adopt
ed. The bill consolidating the postal laws
was |a-s(d. The judiciary committee re
torted a bill fixing the first Monday ot Nov
ember, 11>72, for the presidential election. A
bill appropriating 8250,000 lor the expenses
of the Geneva conlerenee was introduced and
referred.
Senator Wilson has introduced a bill es
tablishing a registry ot American ami foreign
shipping. The Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized to appoint three surveyors in each
maritime State, one of whom shall have been
a practical shipbuilder, one shall be practi
cally acquainted with the construction of iron
vessels, and the other shall have been a com
petent navigator and shipmaster. It shall be
their duty to examine all vessels that are
built and all that arrive at their respective
ports and to record each, giving the class and
grade, and the names of the masters and
owners, the form of the rig, the tonnage and
dimensions, number ot decks, draft of water,
quality of wood and of iron, quality of fast
enings, wtien anil how sheathed, form ol
model, and degree of seaworthiness. The
surveyors shall also classify ull such vessels
into three classes ami three grades. There
shall be a Surveyor-General who shall have
general supervision of the several boards ol
survey, and shall have power to determine
all questions of dispute between service and
owners, subject to an appeal for a final deci
sion to the Secretary of the Treasury.
NEWS BY MAIL.
There have been 32 new ca*e» of small
box in New York since Saturday, and several
deaths.
Madame Bums, the New York abortionist,
has been convicted and sentenced to 7 years
in the State Prison.
Jullien has absconded with the proceeds of
the late concert and ball to the Grand Duke
in New York, owing his musicians seven v
thousand dollars.
It is stated that Edward Pierrepont and
other eminent legal gentlemen of New York
have volunteered to defend the working-men
if arrested at the parade next Sunday.
The coal companies of Lackawanna valley
have determined to make no reductions in
*ages for the new year, and no suspension of
□lining operations is probable.
Person C. Cheney, the republican candi
date for Mayor of Manchester, N. H., was
elected by Gill majority. The whole num
ber of votes thrown was 2708, Person C.
Cheney had 1G7G; John Ilosley had 1027.
John Hartley and Frederick Salle, mer
chants of New York, were arrested with near
ly three thousand yards of silk in their pos
session which they smuggled from Canals
into Michigan.
The banquet at the Revere House on Mon
day evening, given by Alexis to a few invited
guests, cost fifty dollars a plate. A bottle of
the Duke's own wine was placed beside each
plate. The dinner given in honor of the
Duke on Saturday evening cost the insignifi
cant sum of §33 a plate.
In the trial of Miner, the New York conn
tmPleitir yesterday, Cole swore to numerous
sales of counterfeit money made him by
Miner, one of which in June last was of $24,
000 in counterfeit tens, for which Cole gave
Miner 81,DUO. The sale took place in Miner's
house, where Miner’s wife lay dead.
Hon. Ginery Twitchell has obtained from
President Grant the loan of a complete suit
of Ku-Klux disguise from North Carolina, to
he placed on exhibition at the Boston Fair
tor the Benefit of Dumb Animals.
A despatch from London says The re
covery of the Prince of Wales appears to be
impossible. In case of his death a council of
Regency will be created, composed of the
Duke ot Cambridge, the Duke of Edinburg,
the Princess of Wales and perhaps others.
This is likely to take place immediately, and
to be followed by a discussion upon the pow
er of the present Parliament to continue ita
session or whether it is necessary to go to the
country as an extraordinary occasion
A Raleigh, N. C., despatch states that both
branches ot Legislature held an excited de
bate upon the recent arrests for alleged Ku
Kluxistn. The General Assembly, Monday,
passed a joint resolution authorizing the State
Attorney to apply to the Supreme Conrt of
the Lnited States for a writ of habeas corpus,
to test the legality of imprisonment of citi
zens by military authority.
The Census Office reports show that there
are in the States and Territories 8,433,475
male citizens over twenty-one years of age,
ot whom 43,329 are deprived of the right of
suffrage for causes other than crime or par
ticipation in the rebellion. Of this number
Maine has 840, New Hampshire 689, Ver
mont 107, Rhode Island 2835, and Massachu
setts 1210. New York, with 984.255 voters,
lias only 469 male citizens deprived of suf
frage for like causes.
The body of a man believed to be that of
M. Hall of Boston, was found in the dock
at N. Monday. The captain of a canal
boat reports having heard a splash and a cry
tor help on l‘ier 36, North river, last Satur
day evening, but on going to the rescue
could discover no one. A hat was found,
however. On Monday the police dragged
the dock, finding the body. In his pockets
were found papers showing him to be prob
ly the above named, and partner with S. W.
Wilder at 81 Milk street, Boston. The po
lice believe that he was murdered by some of
the Carlton street gang, although nearly a
hundred dollars and Ills gold watch were
found on him. Tl.e body was takent o the
Morgue.
The New York Sun states that Captain
Thomas G. Hodges, a native of Brewer, Me.,
who has followed the sea for twenty years,
arrived at that port about a month ago in the
brig Mary Stuart, of which he was captain.
After having his vessel placed on the lock
for repairs, lie called on some frit ,ds in
South Brooklyn. lie remained there until
the 11th of November. At noon of that day
he went out, ostensibly to get shaved, prom
ising to return immediately thereafter. Since
•bat time he lias been missing. It is feared
that lie has been murdered, under the mis
taken impression that he had a large amount
of money. It was customary for him to visit
New York every day on business connected
wi'li his vessel. He was a man of unblem
ished character. He has a wife and child.
Lvery effort has been made by' his friends to
team his whereabouts, but without success.
BOSTON
MEDICAL
INSTITUTE,
No. 34 Temple Place
BOSTON.
B. B. RUSSELL, Pra t.
W. R. WILBUR, Stcry.
R. GREENE, M. D„
gupt. Physician
Office Hours, 9 to 2.
The object In establishing this Institutiot
was to attain the greatest perfection in the
preparation, practice and use of Vegetable
Remedies, and to secure a permanent place
wWe Families, Invalids, or any person could
obtain the best medical advice, and such rem
edies as each might require, without the use
of poisonous drugs.
Dr. Greens has been Physician of the Insti
tute since its foundation, now more than
twenty-five years. Few men have had sc
Urge experience in the treatment of chronic
diseases. Dr. Greene is in his fifty-fifth yeat
and has devoted his life to this branch of his
profession, and his success, we believe is with
out parallel.
Among the diseases to which he give* es
pecial attention may be noticed Cancer, Scrof
ula, Catarrh, Bronchitis, Consumption, Heart
Disease, Neuralgia, Asthma, Nervousness,
Rheumatism, Paralysis, Spinal Diseases, Dys
pepsia, Liver Complaint, Female Complaints,
faint Stomach, Erysipelas, White Swelling,
Salt Rheum, Canker, Deafness, Kidney Dis
uses, Seminal Weakness, Ac.
Dr. Greene’s Medical Pamphlet, deacrip
live of diseases and their proper treatment, will
sent free to invalids.
Address, R. GREENE, M. D.,
84 Temple Place, Beaton., Mesa
HALFORD
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE.
The Rest Same and Relish
Made in any part «f the world
FOR FAMILY USE
TO BE IIA1) or AM. FIRST-CLASS GROCERS