4
Terras of Subscription,
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Pally SOltlon, per year, by mail-
Tri-weekly Edition, per year, by mai1.....
Sunday Edition, per year, by mail
Weekly Edition, per year, by mail
Farts of a year at the earn e rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, be sure sad give Post
Office address in full. Including State and county.
Remittances may be made either by draft, express,
Post Office order, or in registered letters, at our risk.
TEEMS TO CITY SUBSCRIBERS I
Dally, delivered, Sunday excepted, 25 cents per week.
Dally, delivered, Sunday included, so cents per week.
Addreaa THE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
No. 15 Canal-Bt, Chicago, m.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1 2, 1871.
SPEAKER BLADTE.
Somebody lias taken the trouble to telc
jnapb to various newspapers tbe statement
Ibat Pennsylvania bas lost confidence in
{speaker Blaine, because of bis appointments
on tbe Committee of Ways and Means.” We
do not know who it is that thus claims
•authority to proclaim tbe opinion of tbe
people of Pennsylvania upon this subject 5
but tbe ignorance and impudence displayed,
in tbe statement warrant tbe assumption
that no sneb authority exists.
The Speaker of the House of Reprcsenta
livcs is tho official organ of tho House;
ho is not elected to carry out bis
will, hut that of the House. Ordinarily,
legislative bodies elect their own commit
tees, ia which case the committees would
dearly represent the will of tho majority.
The House of Representatives being a large
body, and the committees numerous, consid
erations of convenience have led
to the assignment of this duty
to the Speaker, who is also a member
of the House. Were the Speaker to consti
tute Ihe committees with a view to defeat
the expressed or known will of tho House,
he’would he guilty of usurpation unbecom
ing j u itself, and calculated to impair public
confidence in his fairness. Upon the sub
jects of tariff taxation, which are peculiarly
within tho province of tho Committee
of Ways and Means, the a wishes
of the majority of the House are well
known. The House, by repeated votes, indi
cated by more than two-thirds majority that
the duties on coal and salt should not onl3* ho
reduced, but repealed. It was also unmistak
ably shown that the temper of tho House
was opposed to the existing tarifl. The
.Speaker, no matter what his personal opin
ions might have been, could not appoint a
Committee of Ways and Means opposed to
the expressed wish of the House. Each com
mittee is an organ of tho House, supposed to
represent the will of the majority; and, had
the Speaker appointed on that particular
committee a majority of Protectionists, ho
would have betrayed the confidence reposed
in him by the House and by the country.
It is.further stated that Pennsylvania will,
1 n consequence of this act, refuse to support
Mr. Blaine for Vice President. This is very
silly. Had Mr. Blaine acted otherwfcoUe
would have lost the respect and confidence
of the whole country honest men even in
Pennsylvania would not have respected him.
His fairness, his prompt obedience to tho de
clared will of the House, and the remarkable
correctness of his selections, will win for
him, in all parts of tho country, a support
fully compensating for what ho mayloSetil
Pennsylvania. If he he nominated for Vice
President, Pennsylvania Republicans will
have to vote for him.* Honesty and firmness
in the discharge of public duty never injure
a man in the estimation of his countrymen,
whatever may he the effect upon protected
coal.
A FIVE-MILLION DASH.
The Chicago Beprescntativc in Congress pro
poses to malic a dash on the hurst of sympathv,
and to secure an appropriation of five millions for
public buildings at one stroke. We shall not op
pose any grant that will relieve Chicago distress.
This would not; but it would bo a pool for a great
j cal estate ring, such as has already been mooted.
No honest purpose ueeds an appropriation of live
millions. What is required is an|appropriation to
secure the additional ground, if that shall he ap
proved. and to begin building in an energetic and
luticnal manner. The public buildings
cannot be built in a day. nor in a single
season, no matter how many millions are
set apart. As for doing this to give relief to Chi
cago sufferers, it will only add to tho embarrass
ments of those who are rebuilding, by increasing
the demand for laborers, which is already greater
than can he supplied.
We suppose that to oppose anything that Chi
ca go may ask will be charged to lack of sympa
thvwith her distress; hut this call for $5,000,030
ha*s no relation to her distress. It is a speculation
under cover of sympathy. It will not do to look
i.pc-n Chicago as one exaggerated, sympathetic,
suffering soul, for there is no lack thereof those
who are readv to speculate upon their suffering
neighbors. Tills 55.000.000 would magnify the ap
propriation bill, and prevent appropriations for
works, for want of which the country is suffering
t o the tune of many millions—works imperatively
demanded, and which will payback their cost
many fold in relieving the people from burdens.
If this appropriation is to be made from sympa
thy, it should be dispensed to rebuild the s*orca
and dwellings of the sufferers. If it is for the
needs of the government, not half this sum is re
quired at once. As to expending money there ex
travagantly for building labor, it would only
embarrass the sufferers in their rebuilding. And
as to the scale on which these buildings shall be
made, it should be remembered that the need is
no greater than at Cincinnati and St. Lotus, and
that prodigality in one will make an example for
the rest. The affair should be reduced to a pure
ly business view. —Cinrinualt Gazette,
■\Ve do not know wbat appropriations the
country is suffering for “to the tune of
many millions,” but we readily concede
that there is much force in what the Gaseite
saj'S about the five-million dash. Chicago
does not want any public money to be wasted
here under the guise of sympathy and relief.
Kor does Chicago want a large sum of money
to be appropriated in advance of the reason
able requirements of the Supervising Archi
tect. What is required is an appropriation
to secure the additional ground, if that shall
be approved, and to begin building in an
energetic and rational manner.” We endorse
this sentiment of the Gazette fully, and
we assure all of our friends in Con
cress that the people of Chicago ask for
nothing different. They arc more concerned
about the settlement of the question of loca
tion than they are about the five million
dollars. Thej' apprehend that an effort will
be made to change the location, and that, if
changed, other considerations than the pub
lic good will have brought it about.
TEE ACCUSATIONS AGAINST PRESIDENT
GRANT.
The New York Times devotes two or three
columns of its issue for last Friday to a cir
cumstantial answer to the accusations which
have been published against the official
course of President Grant on the score of
nepotism and gift-taking. We are glad to
see a foimal, aud, apparently, authorized,
3 espouse to these charges, even though it be
not completely convincing. Replying to
the foolish remark of the Brooklyn
To<jlc that Grant went into office
poor, and is notoriously a millionaire al
ready and he cannot have made his million
out of Lis official salary, or his legitimate
receipts in public service,” the Times says,
with justice, If one part of the duty of the
President of theUuited States was to answer
every question addressed to him about bis
private circumstances, and empty his pocket
book to every visitor to show how much
monej* he had about him, the diguitj’ of the
office would not be much increased; and,
perhaps, the people would not consult their
own interests by subjecting their chief
officer to such ill-usage.”
Hence, it adds, the President follows the
invariable policy of treating all attacks of
Ibis nature with silent contempt. Never
theless it is authorized, b3' virtue of “care
ful inquiries,” to make the following state
ments, which form the gist of the Times'
article:
Outside of his official salary Ills income does
rot exceed ss.ooo a year. His principal property
is his farm of six or seven hundred acres, near
gt. Louis, part of ■which was Inherited by Mrs.
•Grant. The remainder was bought by General
Grant from the other heirs, out of the SIOO,OOO
given to him by .the citizens of New York bnjvc
lie became Pi osmeat. One Z*. *ho ehav.-.yj jiffalnst
the President, is tliat this SL Louis farm was a
present to him. The rest of the $100,»oo referred
to was used in paying off the mortgage on his
house in I street, Washington, now owned by
GcEGifllßliermcn, and in pnrelinsiugand furnish
ing his holi£s at Long Branch, wUleh he is
•charged witli receiving as a present from Mr.
■Mnrphy.—that being another of the numberless
fabrications set alloat by the Sun about the Presi
dent, and repeated eagerly by journals opposed to
him. Not a dollar’s worth of property has been
given to General Grant since he became Presi
dent.
During the war the President saved something
out of his pay as Major General, and with the
money so saved he bought a part interest in some
Chicago lots, which have appreciated in value, but
hitherto have yielded no income. He also bought
a small amount of horse-railroad stock, which ho
still owns, and winch pays a moderate dividend.
He was given, while a General in the rrmy, a
house in Philadelphia, which he rents for about
£2,000 a year.
The announcement tliat the President has
taken no presents siuco lie came into ofllco
trill, tve arc confident, he reassuring to tho
public mind, but still docs not touch the real
point. For tbo question is not whether these
presents were given since he whs Inaugurated*
but whether they were given because ho was
about to be inaugurated; and whether ho
has, or has not, nominated or appointed the
donors, in numerous instances, to important
public offices.
As to the charge that “President Grant
quarrels with Sumner and is friendly with
Kye, &c., and that he absents himself from
"Washington during summer,” the Times
says, “Wo leave people to form
their own opinions about itand
proceeds to take up the chief bone of conten
tion—the charge of nepotism. We copy the
most conspicuous cases of the list of twenty
five or more which the New York Sun has
been advertising so persistently for the past
two years, together with the answers—the
latter in parentheses:
............00
I. Jesse Root Grant, President’s fatlier. Post
master at Covington, Ky. (Appointed to olHco by
Johnson; retained by Grant).
11. Rev.M. J. Cramer, President's brother-in
law. Minister to Denmark. (Appointed Consul
to Leipsic, by Lincoln; transferred to Denmark
by Grant, etc.).
111. Brevet Brigadier General F. T. Dent,
President’s brother-in-law, one of tho military
secretaries at the Executive Mansion. (Army
appointment; holds no position of emolument at
hands of President).
IV. George W. Dent, President’s brother-in
law, Appraiser of Customs, San Francisco. (Was
strongly recommended by California delegation).
V. John Dent, President’s brother-in-law, ex
clusive Indian trader for New Mexico under the
Indian Bureau; place worth§loo,ooo a year. (Was
not appointed by President; holds no oilico
under Indian Bureau; profits of place grossly
exaggerated).
VI. Alexander Sharpe, President’s brother-in
law, Marshal of the District of Columbia. (A first
class man, and capital appointment).
VII. James F. Casey, President’s brother-in
law, Collector©! tho Port of Now Orleans. (Is not
President’s brother-in-law, but Mrs. Grant’s; has
proven an excellent Collector).
IX. Silas Hudson, President’s cousin. Minister
to Guatemala. (Was strongly recommended.by
his friends in Iowa; President has but slight ac
quaintance with him). M
XVI Peter Casey, President’s brother-in-law’s
brother. Postmaster of Vicksburg, Miss. (Mrs.
Grant's brotbor-in-law’s brother; was a loyal
Southerner. Not appointed as the President s
C x’vil" S.' T. Lambert, M. D., President’s second
cousin, Receiver of tho Public Moneys in Oregon;
said to be a defaulter, but retained in otlice. (No
such person in oilico in Oregon now or at any
other time). I
XXL E. C. David, President’s wife s touain s
husband. Special Agent of the Post OlHco Depart
ment in Illinois and lowa. (No relation. Presi
dent does not know him).
XXII. Charles F. Baldwin, President’s cousin s
husband, Mail Agent in Kentucky. (No relation
President does not know him).
XXIV. Alexander Sharpe, Jr.» President s
nephew. Cadet at Annapolis. (Mrs. Grant’s, net
the President’s, nephew). _ tt
XXV, Frederick Dent Grant, President's
son, Second Lieutenant Fourth Cavalry gone to
Europe ou au illegal leave of absence granted
him by his father. (Appointed to West Point by
Johnson; is not on leave of absence, but is on
duty on staff of General of the Army).
It will be observed that tho answers to tlio
first five instances aro purely evasive. Tho
same is the case with the seventh. As to
Sharpe, the sixth example, lie may he a first
class man, but be was reputed to bo a seces
sionist during the war. As to the ninth case,
that of Site Hudson, of lowa, ho was not the
choice of the lowa delegation, nor of any in
fluential person who had a regard for tho
welfare of the public service. Tho answer
to the seventeenth case is a mere quibble on
the misspelling of the man’s name. It is
Damper, and he is a cousin pi
thefl President. Ho was a Gauger or In
spector of whiskey at Chicago, and
was obliged to resign ou account of his con
nection with certain frauds upon tho rev
enue. After this he was fitted out with the
Oregon appointment. As to E. C. David, of
Dubuque, if the President does not know
him he ought to.
■\Ve should not have alluded to these mat
ters if the Times had not forced them upon our
attention. Being thus brought up again for
public animadversion; vtq are constrained to
say that the acceptance of presents and the
appointment of certain of the donors to of
fice, and tho appointment of rela
tives and family connections to office,
are broaches of public decorum, and consti
tute a pernicious example to the President's
subordinate officers in all branches of the
public service.
The Legislature has an immense amount of
work to perform in order to meet the wants
of the State under the now constitution.
Among other matters of great importance, it
will have to enact general incorporation
laws, to authorize the formation of corpora
tions for tho various objects and business
pursuits to bo carried on in the State, be
yond the power of individuals to accomplish.
It is evident that, for these purposes, more
than one general incorporation law will be
required. For certain corporate purposes
named (the creation of banks, for instance),
the constitution provides that an y enactment
by the Legislature shall first be ratified
by a popular vote of the State before the
same shall have any legal validity.
For other purposes, however, the Legislature
may act finally in the premises. Among the
bills now pending before the Legislature is
one matured by Mr. Henry Greeuebaum, of
this city, authorizing the formation of corpo
rations for the investment of money on real
estate security within this State corpora
tions so organized to have power to biy and
sell.withthc guarantee of the corapauy.bouds
and mortgages on real estate, etc. It is this
feature of a ijuaraniecd investment on bond
and mortgage by a company properlyoflicered,
and having a sufficient amount of capital to
back up its guarantee, that, it is claimed, will
bring European capital to our State on long
time and at low rates of interest.
Mr. Greenebaum proposes to organize a
company under the provisions of bis bill, as
soon as the same shall have been enacted by
the Legislature, aud is fully assured that
capital will come here from Germany to a
largo amount to hasten the rebuilding of
Chicago. There is no difference of opinion
among the people of this city that wo must
have moneyed aid from some source in order
to re-establish, during the coming season,-the
building accommodations required for the
business of Chicago. That this business be
held and done in this city is equally essential
to the whole State. Mr. Greeuebaum’s bill is
endorsed by the leading citizens of Chicago,
aud it is to be hoped that it may be enacted
by the Legislature at the earliest practicable
moment.
That there is a connection between the
election of United States Senators and thO
election of Bishops of the Methodist Episco
pal Church seems to be assumed in the news
papers of lowa. The lowa Slaic Itojixtvr
states that it is the opinion “of men posted,”
that at least nine, and probably twelve, new
Bishops will be elected at the National Con
ference in Maj* next. The significance of
this statement Is, that it is possible that high
political dignitaries will have an influence iu
the selection of the Bishops, and that merito
rious clergymen in lowa aspiring to he
Bishops might fiud it to their advantage to
have friends at court. In England part of
the patronage of the Minister is the be
stowal of Bishoprics. Can it bo possible
that the same patronage in any American
Chinch is to fall to the lot of Senators oi*
members of other branches of the govern
ment
It seems remarkable that no precautions
have been taken toward preventing the
spread of fires in the North Division. That
quarter has already been rebuilt so thickly,
especiallj’ west of LaSalle street, that a fire,
aided bj’ a high wiud, would make disastrous
work among the pme shanties, and turn out
many poor people a second time from their
homes,—this time to suffer, mevitablj”, from
the rigors of winter. It is reported that
there are, as j*et, no fire-alarm boxes or
watch-towers iu the North Division. This is
a neglect which —supposing Alderman Busso
to have been got out of the way, with his
injunctions aud blunderbuss— should bo
remedied at once.
The order of the Board of Police and Fire
Commissioners, hy which Detective McCau
ley was detailed from tho police force, some
two years since, especially to assist the Fire
Commissioner, hy reporting fires to insurance
companies, at a cost to the city of $1,200 per
annum, and incidentals to nearly a like
amount, should he at onco discontinued. Tho
underwriters ought not to expect auj’thiug
further at any time, and especially at tho
present, than the recognition of their .repre
sentative, tho Fire Commissioner, in tho
hoard, which entirely satisfies tho law.
Mr. Montgomery Blair is evidently deter
mined to please the Democracy, if tho thing
can ho done. He has proposed within forty
eight hours t\vo plans, one of which is a state
of passivism, and tho other, tho impeach
ment of Grant for his San Domingo oper
ations. Whether the patient is to take these
shake them together he
foie using, we cannot announce without fur
ther particulars from Washington.
An arrival at San Diego reports that, on
the 28th of October, a revolution took place
in Ltwer California. The Mexican officials
at Magdalena took refuge in the house of
the American Consul but his flag was not
respected, and he had to lly for his life, at
last finding safety on a British vessel. Con
sul De Kay saved all the papers of his office.
The revolutionists dispossessed the authori
ties, and seized the funds and archives of the
Custom House. The American schooner
Greenwood, of Now York, was captured, and
is now held. Forty persons escaped with the
Consul. Most of the Americans who have
thus been expelled were colonists and Mexi
can citizens, and the outrages were probably
committed b3' lawless bauds, wham it will
be difficult to find and punish.
The Princes-ofWalcu.
The present extremity of the Prince of Wales
recalls tbo history—tbo almost fatal history—of
the various persons who have borne that title.
It was first conferred on a member of the Eng-
lish Royal family in 1284 r andduringth9 six cen
turies that have since elapsed it has been borne
by only eighteen individuals. These are not so
numeious that their histories may not ho stated
without exhausting the reader’s patience. The title
is only conferred upon tbe eldest son, who is also
heir of tho King. This in-the result of a compact
made by Edward I. with the Welsh nobles. Tho
Welsh had a monarchy dating back to Cadwau,
tho King of tho ancient Britons, who retired to-
Wales upon the Saxon invasion, about COO. Nearly
a century later tho title of tho monarchs was
changed to that of Kings of Wales, and in 877
King Bodcrick divided his kingdom among Ids
three sons, one taking North Wcies, the second.
South Wales, and tlse third Powis Land. Tho
last Ptinco of these several linos was.
Llewellin TIL, who was slain in battle
witt tho English in.1282. The English King for
half a century had been in almost constant war
with tho Welsh, and Edward L, in order to pre
serve his conquest, spent a large part of his time
in that country. Thodeath oStheir native Prince
was deeply regretted by tho people, and Edward
sought every means to conciliate them. There
was an ancient prophecy of Merlin that a Prince
would bo bom in Wales who would bo King of
the entire island. Upon this prophecy tho Welsh
depended fer eventual deliverance. Edward, per
haps with a view of fulfilling tho prophecy, in the
letter at least, caused his Queen, the fair Eleanor
of Castile, to reside in Wales, where, in 1283, she
gave birth to a daughter In 1284, there was hot
ter success. She wasconvcyed to Caernarvon Cas
tle, whore in April was bom a Prince, afterward
Edward IT. of England, Edward I. was absent at
the time treatingwilh thonoblos. Tho Kingandthe
Welsh adjourned their session to Caernarvon,
where the diplomacy was renewed. The Barons all
made submission to the King, but they appealed to
him that, in giving them a Prince, ho would ap
point a native,whose tongue was neither Saxon nor
French,—tho latter being the language of the
English Court. The King at once had the Royal
bubo brought in and presented to tho astounded
Barons as their Prince; the King saying “he was
.just born a native of their country, that his
character was unimpeached, that he could not
speak a word of English or of French, and, if
they wished it, the first words ho should speak
would be Welsh.” Thus was founded tho title of
the Prince of Wales. Wo give those who have
held the title in their order;
1. Edward 11. of England, tho first Prince of
Wales, succeeded Ills father ns King in 1307, and
married, soon after. Isabel of Franco, who la
styled in English history the Ehe-Wolf.” Sbo
was the daughter of Philip 1c Bel, King of France,
and of Jane, Queen of Navarre. Three of her
brothers were, in succession, Kings of France.
She was but 13 years of ago when she married,
and was exceedingly baudeome, After many
years cl cn.j p:irativc Lapiiinesg; dM>- Ro S or
Wc'rtimer, a prisoner in the Tower, She man*
aged his escape to France, where she, a year later,
.joined him; and she had her son sent after her,
and refused to return, living openly withMortlmcr.
The King was unpopular at home, owing to
measures Of certain favorites, and in 1326 the
Queen and her sou, accompanied bysome Flemish
volunteers, returned to England, where the peo
ple all jomedher. The King, attempting to escape
to Ireland, was captured. Parliament declared
the young Prince King, and deposed the King, his
father. Edward 11., after lingering a year in
prison, was murdered at Berkley Castle in 1327,
the Queen and Mortimer being the instigators.
2. Edward ITT., son of the preceding, and the
second Prince of Wales, began his reigu under
the regency of his mother, in 3327. Three years
later ho assumed the government, confined his
mother in a convent, and hanged Mortimer, who
had been created Earl of March. lie was haj>py
in his domestic relations; claimed the French
crown by right of his mother; fought the battle
of Crecy, where his son tookpart; and in 1377 died,
after a reign of over fifty years.
3, Edward, the Black Prince, son of the last
King, was the third Princcof Wales. Ho was the
great soldier of his age. Ho married his cousin,
Joanna, who was older than he, and a widow with
several children. Her reputation was much
questioned. Tho last years of his life were sad
dened by protracted illness. Ho died in 1876, be
fore his father. At the battle of Crecy, John of
Luxemburg, then King of Bohemia, was killed,
and Edward adopted his crest of three ostrich
feathers and tho motto “IchDien” (I servo).
This crest and mottohave been retained by all the
subsequent Princes of Wales.
4, Henry V,, “Prince Hal,” son of Henry IV.,
was the next person bearing tho title. Ho suc
ceeded his father as King in 1413. His early life
was one of riot and dissipation. He vainly sought
to marry tho widow of the late King, Bichard 11.,
and finally demanded Princess Katherine of
France, with a dowry of 2,000,000 crowns. This
being refused, he invaded and conquered nearly
all France. He was offered tho Princess with
out the dowry, but refused. Ho won tho
battle of Agincourt in 1415, held his French
Court at Bouen in 1410, and finally married|Kath
erino in 1820,—a succession to tho FrenclTcrown
being substituted for the money demand. Ho
died in Franco two years later, leaving ouo child,
a eon.
c.‘ Ilenry VI., the fifth Prince of Wales, aon
of the preceding, had u long reign and miserable
life. He was 8 months old when his father died,
in 1422; was proclaimed King in England and
Franco the same year. When 8 years old was
crowned In both countries. 110 married Marga
ret of Anjou; was for a time mentally incapac
itated in 14C1 was defeated by the Yorkists, and
a few years later was imprisoned in the Tower,
where he remained until 1470. A year later ho
was murdered in the Tower.
C. Edward of Lancaster, The Child of Sorrow
and Infelicity,” son of Henry VI., shared the fate
of his parents, during the War of the Roses.
During his father’s long imprisonment and dep
osition he was the constant companion of his
heroic mother. He married Anno Kovillo, of
Warwick, to procure .the aid of the King-maker
for his mother, hut within a year fell in the last
struggle at Tewksbury, in 1471, basely mur
dered by Edward of York, while a prisoner, thus
dying before his father.
7. Edward V., Infant eon of Edward IV., born
1470, murdered in 1433, with his brother, the Duke
of York, by their uncle, Richard 111. Ho was 14
years old.
8. Edward, son of Richard 111. and Anne
Neville, widow of Edward, the sixth Prince of
Wales. He died in 14?4, before his father, and
within a few months of the murder of his cousins,
aged 10 years.
9. Arthur, ninth Prince of Wales, son of Henry
VII. and elder brother of Henry VIII. Born Sep
tember, I486; in 3301 be was married to Catherine
QfArrflgoij l n( fl T9 in April, 1-793,
died, aged 1G years. His widow hiavried his
brother Henry.
10. Edward VI., son of Henry VIII. and JailS
Seymour. Born October, 1537 King under re
gency 1547; died July, 1553, aged 1C years.
31. Henry Frederick, sou of James I. (Stuart).
Born February 19,1594, while his father was King
of Scotland; rc-created Prince of Wales 1G10; died
of consumption November, 1012, aged 18 years.
32. Charles 1., brother of the eleventh Prince,
created Px’incc of Wales by bis father. Became
King in 1625; executed 1C49.
13. Charles 11. Born IC3O. Fugitive until the
Restoration in 1C60; died childless IG?S.
14. James Stuart (Pretender), son of James 11.
Excluded from succession by Parliament; died
in exile 17G5.
15. George 11., son of George I. Born in Hano
ver 1C83; created Prince of Wales on his father’s
accession to the British crown in 1714 at enmity
with his father; became King 1727; died 1700.
IG. Frederick Louis, son of George IT. Born
1707; quarrelled with his father and was expelled
him from the palacel736; fatherof GeorgellL;
17. George TV., son of George 111. Born 1702;
Regent 3811; King 3820; died June, 1830.
is. Albert Edward, son of Victoria I. Born
November 9,1841; married March 10,18C3, and has
five children—two sons and three daughters—liv
ing.
From this it will ho seen that, of the eighteen
Princes, ten became Kings, and of these Edward
11. and Henry VI. were murdered; Edward V.
was murdered m his infancy and Charles I. was
executed; Edward VI. died at ic years of ago;
Charles 11. was twenty years in exile; George If.
was disgraced hy his father, and in turn dis
graced his own son. George IV. was the great
reprobate. Edward TIL and Henry V. were the
only Kings who had borne tho title of Prince of
Wales who hud a comparatively undisturbed
reign, and of these Henry V. disci young. Seven
of the predecessors of tho present Prince nevea
became Kings. Of these Edward of Lancaster was
murdered; four others died young; Edward tho
Black Prince, despite his military glory, had do
mestic misfortunes; one, James Stuart, was ex
cluded from tho succession; and Frederick Louis,
father of George 111., died in poverty and dis
grace. Should tho present Prince die before be
coming King, it may ho half a century before
there will bo another to bear the title.
IEE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1871.
POLICE AND FIRE.
Export of the Commissioners
on the Great Confla
gration.
Conclusions Arrived-at by Messrs.
Brown and Sheridan.
The Eesponsibility for the Calamity
Qaietly Shifted to the Mayor,
Council, and Newspapers.
Commissioner Stelim After tlia
“-Sloucliy Patrolmen.
A regular semi-weekly meeting of the Board of
Police and* Fire Commissioners was held at tbe
Madison Street Station- yesterday afternoon*
President Brown in the chair. There were pres
ent—Commissioners Sheridan and Rchm. The
following io the report of the board on the origin
and progress of the great fire. It was submitted
and placed on file:
Tho Board of Police, as required bylaw,
investigated the origin of the fire of October 8
and 9. We have heard the sworn testimony of
fifty-one witnesses, and had tho same taken down
by a stenographer, and subsequently transcribed.
As written out it makes 900 pages of fools
cap paper- As a large part of tho tes
timony was published In tho daily papers
as it was taken from day to day, and, as Unorig
inal is on file for reference, we deem it unneces
sary to recapitulate the evidence to any grout ex
tent, hut proceed to give- the result of our inves
tigation, briefly, and place it upon records
Tlio board And that tbo flro originatedla a two
story barn in-rear of No. 137 DeKoven street, tbc
premises being owned by Patrick Leary. The fire
was first discovered by a drayman by the name
of Daniel Sullivan, who saw it while sitting on
tbo sidewalk on the south side of DoXoven street,
and nearly opposite Leary's premises.
Ho fixes the time at not more
than twenty to twenty-five minutes past
9 o’clock, when ho first noticed the flames coming
out of the barn. There is no proof that any per
soushadbccnin tbo bam after nightfall that
evening. Whether it originated from a spark
blown from a chimney on that windy night, or
was set on flro by human agency, wo are unable
to determine. Mr. Leary, tbo owner, and all Ins
family prove to have been in bod and asleep at
tbc time. There was a small party in the front
part of Leary’s house, which was occupied by Mr.
McLaughlin and wife. But wo failed to find any
evidence that anybody from McLaughlin’s part o£
tbo bouse went near the barn that night.
THE FIRST INFORMATION RECEIVED BY THE FIRE
came from the alarm struck in the fire alarm D f.
flee at 9;30. The alarm sounded Box No. Jf a t
the corner of Canalport avenue and Foisted
street, a point in the directlonfof fl ro>
but a mile beyond it. There as no
signal given from any box to the Central office,
but tbo box was given by Mathias, Schaffer, from
the Court House cupola, he bein v the night watch
man on duty at the lime, and having sighted the
Are. There was no signal given from anybodj*.
until after the Fire Department had arrived and
turned in the second and third alarms. If any
person set the fire, either by accident or design,
HO was careful not to give any alarm. The near
est engine uoUSOWas six blocks from the lire;
the next nearest one was nine blocks away. The
nearest hose bouse was located eleven blocks
from the Arc, and, hose house, the watch
man had seen uio nre before the 'alarm Vras
given from the Court House, and the company
were on their way to the flro before the box Was
struck,
In consequence ia
the hose company (tne .America) went eleven
blocks and attached their hose to *_ a plug and
got water on tho Are before any onginO aid. al
though two engines were located considerably
nearer the lire. It would require five minutes for
tho nearest engine to go to the fire, a distance of
six blocks. From three to fivo minutes more
would be required in which to unreel and lay out
the hose,make connection with tho plug and go to
work. Intelligent citizens who lived near the
place of tho fire testify that it was from ten to fif
teen minutes from tho time they first saw tho tiro
before any engines came upon tho ground. It is
proved that tho engines repaired to tho Are, after
getting the alarm, with the usual celerity. When
they arrived there from three to five buildings
were fiercely burning. Tho flro must then have
been burning from ten to fifteen minutes; and,
with the wind then blowing strongly from tho
southwest, and carrying the lire from building to
building in a neighborhood composed wholly of
dry wooden buildings, with wood shavings piled
in evorv barn and under every house,the Are had
got under too great headway for the engines
called oat by the first alarm to bo able to sub
due it.
Fire Marshal Williams and Third Assistant
Marshal Benner arrived upon the ground soon
after the engines, and at once saw that the tiro
could not be stopped without more engines, and
Marshal Williams immediately ordered the
second, and soon afterward the third,alarm to be
turned in; but these only called the distant en
gines, and many valuable minutes elapsed before
they could reach the lire and got to work, and,
before this could bo accomplished, the fitroug
wind had scattered the tire into the many build
ings, all os dr}* as tinder, and spread it over so
large an area that the whole de
paitmont, although working with their
utmost energy, were unable to cut it off or pre
vent the wind, which soon became a gale, from
carrying burning shingles and brands over their
heads, and setting on fire buildings far away
from the main tire. After it got into the high
church at the corner of Clinton and Mather
streets, and thence to the match factory and
Batcham’s planing mills, and lumber, it was be
yond the control of the Fire Department.
About this time it crossed the river between
Van Buren and Adams streets, by means of flying
brands, and set lire to Powell’s rooting establish
ment adjoining the Gus Works. Before this the
watchman in the Court House cupula had twice
extinguished lire, which had caught from brands
carried by the wind into tbo Court House balcony
from the West Side, a distance of a mile. At 11
o'clock the Tteepcr of the crih of the lake tunnel—
two miles from the shore and throe miles from
the lire—found the sky fall of sparks and burning
brands; and from 11:30 till morning, he testified,
he worked with all Ids might to prevent the
wooden roof of the crib from burning up and de
stroying himself and his wife.
THE TERRIFIC PROGRESS OF THE FIRE.
From Powell's rooting ostabllshment|Jtbe pro
gress of tbe lire was rapid and tcrntic, sweeping
everything in its course. Tho engines had all
been working on the West Side, and they could
notrcclup 600 feet of hose each, and cross tho
river, ami get to work soon enough to prevent it
spreading,B literally on tho wings of the wind.
Blowing up buildings in the face of tho wind was
tried, but without any heuetit. The Court House
and tho Water Works, though a mile apart, were
burning at the same time. Gunpowder was used
in blowing up buildings with good effect, the next
day, in cutting off tho lire at tho extreme south
cud of it, and preventing it backing any further.
AFTER THE WATER WORKS 11UBNED,
the firemen could do little good with thoir en
gines, except on the banka of the river. They
had lost 7,600 feet of their hose and one steam tiro
engine. Two more engines had been in the re
pair shops, and were partially destroyed; so that
alter 11 o'clock on Sunday night there wore but
fourteen engines in service, and, after daybreak,
one-half of our hose remained. This would not
admit of an engine conveying water very far
from the river.
THE FIREMEN AND THEIR OFFICERS
were sober, and did all that men could do. They
worked heroically to save the property of others,
when their own houses wore uuming and their
families lleclng from the llamcs. A largo part of
the department had worked on Saturday night,
and Sunday till 3 o’clock p. in.—eighteen hours’
steady work—and they were nearly exhausted
when this fire commenced; but they responded
to the call with alacrity, and worked with all
their remaining energy.
WHAT THE COMMISSIONERS ftET.IBVE.
Wo believe that, had the buildings mi the TV est
Side, "where the Are commenced, beC# buut of
brick or stone, "withsafe roofing (tho bindings
need not have been fire-proof), the lire could i£w*o
been stopped‘without doing great damage, and
certainly would not have crossed the river. After
it did cross, the wooden cornices, woodeu signs of
largo size, the and the tar
and felt roofs, which were on most of
the best buildings, caused their speedy
an d aided greatly in spreading
tbe‘conflagration. The single sot of pumping
works, upon -which the salvation of the city de
™£;'V k xsese roofed with wood, had not ap
pended, c jj could he raised to the
pJionce flre vras one of the earliest
T° cn N t -n in the North Division,
buildings to bu- toi-d you so.”
have, year by year, in an-
The Board of Pohcn. a nd Common Council,
nual reports to tbe Mayo* -eat defects of the
endeavored to point out thog... built up.
manner in which our city was o>.. -of having
Wc advised and entreated tbe necessity fore
much greater lire limits established i*-
such an immense amount of combustibles w»*.
piled around the heart of the city*. TVo
reported Mansard and tar roofs to bo unsafe;
that the water supply was insufficient; that our
flre hydrants wero twice too far apart; that we
ought to have fire department cisterns at the in
tersections of the streets, so that wo should al
ways have water at fires; that wo ought to have
floatiug fire engines, with powerful pumps in the
river to enable the firemen to wet down 1,500 feet
on cither side of the river or its branches; that
wooden cornices were an abomina
tion that tho Holley system
of pumping the water and sending ft through tho
pipes with a pressure of forty pounds on ordinary
occasions, with power to increase it to 100 pounds
1 n case of a fire, would give us four sets of pump
ing works in different parts of the city, and not
leave us to the mercy of chance or accident with
a single set. We sfiowed that tho four seta of
Holley works could be built for less than one
year’s interest on the cost of the present ‘W ater
Works, and, when built, would admit of the dis
pensing with every engine in the Fire Depart
ment where the water was In theatreet—allowing
us to get rid of most of tho horses and all the en
gines of the department and to reduce tho num
ber of men one-half; saving two-thirds of the ox
uense of the Fire Department and making it as
efficient as it would he with one hundred steam
flre engines. None of these things was noticed
bv the Mayor, the Common Council, or the news
papers. No heed heiug paid to our suggestions,
so fur as any improvement of our plan ot ex
tinguishing fires was concerned, the only
thing we could do was to ask foi
an increase of the engine companies
in order that we might he prepared us_ well as
possible to contend with the great tiros to-wuicu
wo were and are still liable. Our engines have
always been too few in number and too far apart.
The Fire Department should bo ivory much en
larged, or the system of putting out tires by
steam engines should be abandoned. If the citi
zens do not believe this now, they will after the
THE GREAT. FIRE.
ORIGIN OF THE FIRE.
DEPARTMENT
FIRST WATER.
THE FIRE MARSHALS.
OK THE SOUTH SIDE.
next great fire sweeps out of existence the great
er portion of tbe wooden city wnich now re
mu ns.
IF,” TOD KNOW.
It we bad bad floating steam pumps of largo
capacity in tbe Sontb Branch, tbe lire would not,
pn bably, have crossed to the South Side. If we
had bad cisterns in tbe street, wo could bavo boon
saved allot tbo North Division, north of Chicago
avenue and west of Clark street, and all of tbe
southeast part now inclndcd in tbe burnt dis
trict of tbe South Division.
COMPENSATING FIREMEN.
Evidence was given of money having been paid
by citizens to some of our firemen, but we can
find no evidence that any of them worked during
the fire with any idea of receiving any pay or
consideration for their labor upon any
Property. The money paid was merely
a testimonial of respect for the
firemen, and an acknowledgment, in a substan
tial form, of services rendered by the firemen,
many of whom had perilled tbeir lives to save
the property of citizens, and lost their own homes
while do’ag so. No money was paid them until
weeks after the lire, and its receipt was a sur
prise to tbe firemen who got it.
THE VISITING FIREMEN,
The Fire Department received ail the aid from
firemen of nearly every city, far and near, that
could be rendered. They came with their appa
ratus, and worked with a will, and placed us all
uuderuload‘of obligations which we can never
repay.
THE LOSS.
The area burned over by the fire is about 2,150
acres, divided among the three divisions as fol
lows t About 160 acres in the West Division, near
ly coo acres :n» the' South Division*, and upward
of 1,400 acres In the North Division. The total
loss of property burned is estimated at about
$200,000,000. Tbe number of building* burned is
bstween 17,000 and 18,000. The number of lives
lostat thc fire is supposed to have been about
200, although the Coroner has, oe-yet, found but
117 bodies in the ruins.
The report was signed by Commissioners Brown
and Sheridan. Mr. Gund, tho remaining member
of the old board, will sign tho document in a day
or two.
THE POLICE DEPARTMENT.
The resignation of Policeman-Henry P. Erbs, of
tho First Precinct, was received and accepted.
Policeman Henry Ulrich, of the First Precinct,
was charged with inattentiondo -duty, but on ac
count of. variance with tho affidavit made by the
complainant, tho charge was dismissed. He will
be charged with conduct unbecoming an officer,
whlchnovers his offence, the nature of which wili
not be known until his triad' takes place.
Policemen August IZumbrock, John Buckley,
and Pat Conway. of tho First Precinct, wore
charged with leaving thsir beats without per
mission, and inattention to duty. One of tuom
was on duty in tho now city building, corner of
Adams and Btraot-3, und the other two
went in to see how* bo was getting along, ami to
warm themselves. VJhile there the lirst one
went asleep, and his companions watched, him.
During their absence from their heats an enter
prising individual, who watehed his opportunity,
curried off on bis shoulder, piece by piecoy about
roo feet of lumber, acid deposited, it in
I Ids yard about a block distant. The
Sergeant looked all around for the two recreant
policemen, and being unable to find them, entered
lie city building to see how tho other-officer was
getting along. Ho found him astoep, and tho
other two with their feet up to the 3ro taking it
easy.”
Commissioner Rohm moved that they bo dis
charged.
Commissioner Brown said that it was a very
cold night, and lhar, going into the building,
while deserving punishment, was in a measure
excusable.
Commissioner S’ncridan thought the offence was
a grave one,hut no t sufllcient to dismiss tbo men.
He moved as amendment that tliey each for
feit tec. dftJV pay,-and that was the sentence of
the boaiO
FIRE-ALARM BOXES.
A Communication was received from Wirt
Chairman of the Executive Committee
pt*j, e Relief and Aid Society, stating that the
r jrtacks erected by the society wore lo
cated some distance from the fire-alarm boxes,
and asking that boxes bo placed in the ollicos at
the different barracks.
Accompanying this document was another
from the Mayor, calling attention to the same
subject, and urging that the barracks be pro
tected, as their destruction would cause a great
deal of misery and suffering.
Commissioner Brown said that there were not
enough fire-alarm boxes to protect tbo North and
South Divisions, and there was no money to pur
chase any more. Twenty-llvo were now on their
way to the city; but they could not cover the
ground which the sixty that were destroyed did.
Commissioner Rohm did not think there was
anv necessity for having policemen stationed at
the barracks, ns there were plenty of clerks
around to do nil that was required.
On motion, the matter was referred to the Su
perintendent of the Fire-Alarm Telegraph, with
instructions to examine and report.
PERSONAL APPEARANCE OK THE POLICE.
Commissioner Rehm moved that the Suneriutcnd
dbt of Police be instructed to issue orders requir
ing tbe police forceto pay moi-o attention to their
personal appearance wear their regulation
uniforms; to couuuev tueniscrvefl
keep themselves and their uniforms cle. 4
stopsmoklngandsaunterlngontheir beau*
on duty. Commissioner Rehm said that the ijon
to be made to keep themselves clean. They
were duly, and their uniforms were untidy.
Commlsalol? er Sfi er *danhaß seen policemen riding
on ’busses, amoving large meerschaum pipes, and
looking very uncled*; the r hair-being uncombed
and their clothes very shabby lookjn-.
Commissioner Rehm saJA. some
very longhair, which had th* appearance of not
having been combed for a week. ~n
Commissioner Sheridan remarked uJ* t tue men
looked sleepy while on the streets, anu smoKea
nasty pipes and rank cigars while on duty.
Commissioner Brown thought tho policemen
should always behave themselves properly, and
not in a manner to scandalize the citizens. It was
proper for a policeman to go into a saloon, the
same ns any other citizen, when ho was not on
actual duty. The citizens, however,ought to know
ho was not on duty.
Commissioner Hberldan said there ought to be
some way to tell whether a policeman was off
duty—by u cap. or being without bis star.
Commissioner Brown reminded him that, under
tho rules, a policeman is always on duty.
Superintendent Kennedy said that the men who
did duty In the burnt district could not avoid
getting dirty and looking “slouchy.” The dust
was very thick among tho ruins.
Commissioner Rehm thought the men ought to
have pride enough to keep themselves clean.
Commissioner Sheridan was sure, if they tried,
they could keep themselves bright, even if their
clothes were not the best.
Tho question on the motion was then put, and
the Superintendent was instructed', to issue the
order.
WATCH TOWER.
On motion, Fire Marslial Williams was instruct
ed to repair the tower on the Rehm engine house,
which Iwas partially destroyed during the big
lire, so that ft can bo used as a lookout.”
The board then adjourned.
THE NEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
First meeting of the Board of Trade In the
Temporary Building on Market Street—Dif
ficulties of Pedestrlnnlnm—'The Building
Loaned to the Board by Judge Farwcll Free
of Bent*
Now that navigation appears to have opened
for a day or two. it behooves the intelligent Board
of Trade man to petition tho General Govern
ment for a line of steamers to ply between tho
new Chamber of Commerce and tho mainland, at
any rate until such time as tho solitary island
upon which that extraordinary structure is sit
uated shall have been added to terra jirma by a
chain of ice.
The new Chamber of Commerce is the conse
quence of a great emergency. Great emergen
cies produce great men. This emergency has
produced a great phenomenon. Tho chamber is
approachable only in two directions. It is bound
ed on the south by a row of brick buildings going
up on Madison street, near tbo bridge. It is not
approachable on the north, by reason of a block
of brick buildings on that side, and an absence of
passenger-way. It is approachable by boats on
tho west side, which is hounded by the river, and
by swimmers across Market street on tho cast.
But Market street Is a broad thoroughfare, and
the swimmer is likely to be exhausted before
reaching tho other side. Unless a bridge can be
constructed from the mouth of Washington street
tunnel to the Chamber of Commerce, or a line of
passenger and freight steamers established, tho
county will soon he bankrupt, or the Coroner’s
fees reduced 90 per cent.
Tbo Chamber of Commerce was very full yes
terday morning. Men who had crossed Market
street on the ice in the morning looked down from
their eminence at noon and found themselves
overtaken by the thaw, and their retreat cut off
till sundown. Hence tho room was very full. So
full was it that very little else besides a moving
mass of dark color could be seen ahead,—amass
that must have tested tho strength of tho build
ing most effectively. It was stated that business
was rather dull on ’Chance yesterday. A stran
ger would scarcely have credited tho assertion, if
noise and rushing betoked business!
6o far as could bo irom the ovcr-chang'-
ing view causey oy'the’ ever-changing position
one to occupy to escape a miserable
demise, tho room is a great deal lighter than the
former Chamber of Commerce, and correspond
ingly more cheerful. It was not impressively
rich in furniture, the hoards being of plain pine:
the tables of similar material, "the nillars and
other surroundings to match. In place of the
costly marble tops divided into four compart
ments as of old, marble tops of oil
cloth divided into six, arc to bo found. Tho
building is nothing; the men are tho same. They
do not own tho ouilding. It was erected by
Judge Farwell, and given to tho board for as long
a period as they may desire, free of rent- The
generosity of tho Judge was appreciated by the
board, who accepted the donation in the friendly
spirit In which tho offer was made.
There is no gallery, which is not surprising, as
there would bo little or nothing to see Irom a gal
lery, except the four stove-pipes that curl grace
fully among tho pillars, and those, though the
most graceful things on exhibition, except tho
handsome clothing of some of tho hoard, are
scarcely worthy of note.
Nevertheless, measures should bo taken at
”cp, by some enterprising ferryman, to convey
I n K ers across Market otreet.
R t estate,
Instruments Filed for Record on
cember 11*
CITV PROPERTY.
Wabash nr, a of Ames at, w f 50x170 ft, dated Dec.
4; consideration, $3,500.
Und 1-2 of Lots 15 to 18 in Tliog. Hoey’a sub-divi
sion of Lots 4 and sin Block 24, Sec 29; 39,14, dated
Dec. 7 consideration, S7OO.
Lots 25 and 26 in Block 1 of Pierce, Humboldt
Park addition, dated Sept. 23; consideration, S6OO.
West Washington st, a e corner of Moreau st, njf,
25x123 ft, dated March 23, 1870; consideration,
$6,500.
West Washington st, 25 ft e of Morgan at, n f, 25
x 125 ft, dated Juno 1; consideration, §5,000.
West Washington st, s e cor Morgan st, nf, 50x
125 ft, dated Oct. 13; consideration, $15,000.
Hubbard st, between Noble and Ada sts, a f, 25x
150 ft, dated May 6; consideration. SBSO.
Sub-lot 7, of Lot 8, In Block 41, Original Town,
being on Fifth av, n of Washington st, dated. Bee.
1; consideration, 112,000.
Lot 12, of Lot 2, of Stinson’s Lot 6, in Block 25,
See 29,39,14, dated April 22, 1869; consideration,
S4OO.
Lot 18 in Block 2, Pierce’s Humboldt Park Ad
dition, dated Sept. 25 consideration, 5300.
Lincoln st, s w and so corners of Blue Island
av, e 12,2611-2 ft, running to the caualjand Ko*
bey st, and w f 2,157 ft, running to the canal and
Wood st, dated Nov. 10; consideration, $724,362.
SOUTH OF CITY LIMITS.
Lot sin Block 18, Hyde Park, dated Deo. 11;
consideration, $3,500.
THE COUNTY COMMISSIONERS.
Seduction of the Salaries of
Certain County Officers.
The Printing and Stationery Ex
travagance to be Stopped.
Mr. Cassette Claims that He Ghnnot
Ban His Office if His Pees ore
Interfered With.
Pursuant to adjournment, the County Commis
sioners met yesterday afternoon, in the County
Treasurer’s office. President White in the-chair.
There were also present the following* Commis
sioners; Ashton, Crawford, Harrison,. Sorting,
Hitchcock, Jones, Publman, Roche?. Shelly,
Stearns, Taleott, Hams, and Lonergazu
COMMUNICATIONS.
A communication, from George Decoon,. Engi
neer of-tUo County Hospital, offering;to run the
engine at the Poor House for sl,Boo-pen annum,
was referred to the Committee ou Boor House
and Paupers.
A communication from tho County Clerk to the
Judge of tho County Court, setting forth that
Messrs. Eldridge T&urtelotto had.rescued from
the fire the files of tho Laic Record-,, foe the past
four years, and recommending that they bo
copied at a coat not) exceeding SSO-encDrsed by
Judge Wallace, was referred t». the Judiciary
Committee..
A communication from E. A. Drummond, ask
ing for duplicates of Cook County coupon bonds
of 85CO, Nos. and 1,192, destroyed by fire, was
referred.
A communication was road front Chase Bros.
Co., offering to exhibit their books of interest
to the public, with reference to abstracts; also
from Brackett Waite, to the same effect.
They were referred to the Committee of tho
Whole.
On motion of Commissioner Talcott. Norman T.
Cassette was requested to confer with tho board
on subjects mentioned in a communication, as
soon as the regular business was disposed of.
COUNTY EMPLOYES’ EXPENSES.
The report of the County Clerk, of orders
drawn on the County Treasurer for agents and
employes of the county, amounting to $10,5:3.76,
exclusive of bailiffs’ bills of $2,296, not audited,
was referred to the Finance Committee.
THEY HAD THE POWER.
Tbc Judiciary Committee, to whom was re
ferred the question of the power of tbo Board of
Supervisors to make contracts with parties be
yond the term of their existence, reported that
they bad examined the contracts, found them in
duo form, and saw’ no legal obstacle to their doing
eo.
ACCOMMODATION OF DETAINED WITNESSES.
A communication from Charles 11. Reed, States
Attorney, pointing out the necessity for some
place for accommodating witnesses detained to
give testimony, was referred to the Committee
on Jail and Jail Accounts.
APPROVAL OF BONDS.
The Judiciary Committee presented a report on
the bonds of Julian S. Rumsey and others, favor
able to the persona therein named. Adopted.
purchase of swamp lands.
The same committee, to whomwaa referred the
subject of swamp lands, reported that the notes
of purchasers should be secured by deed of trust
with power of snle in thirty days after default,
such deed to bo made to Julian S. Rumsey.
Adopted.
SALARIES OF COUNTY OFFICERS.
The Committee on Poor House and Paupers
presented a report Axing the salaries of olliccrs
therein as follows:
County Agent *1,200
Warden oi Insane Asylum 1,000
Countv Physician I,•’500
Physician of the Insane Asylum 1,500
The committee recommended leaving the ap
pointment of an engineer of the Poor House to
the board.
The repert was referred to tbe Committee of tbo
Whole.
The Committee on Miscellaneous Claims report
ed in favor of paying the bills of Emmanuel
Rockoy.
The report was received, and the bills ordered
paid.
YEARLY STATEMENT OF BOOKS. PRINTING. ETC.
Commissioner Ashton offered the following
resolution:
nesolted. That the Committee on Finance bo directed
to inquire into the propriety of establishing a stand
ing rnle of the board requiring the several heads of
di'inrtmrntH, officers, and employes of this county to
f. rnlah to t.' a County Clerk, at such time as said
cTni.' designate in each year, a
SS statement
S'cc.-wfo'r’ti.o mo of la'a’soro.^'
officers and employe* in the county, onn w.
sane be laid before the board, at such time ns »iu._
be designated for revision ami correction, nnl, there
after, oiico In each year the Clerk of said board shall,
at such time as such board shall specify,
advertise proposals for the furnishing of all
inch hooks, stationery, printing, and supplies
to the lowest responsible bidder, all bids to bo opened
ami passed upon by the board in open session, the
board reserving the right to reject all bids, and after the
adoption of such rule, no head of any department, offi
cer or employe shall bo permitted to order, purchase
or contract for any books, stationciy, printing or sup
plies whatever, except as in such rule provided.
The resolution was adopted.
The Clerk was Instructed to wait upon Sir. Cas
sette and inform him that the board were ready
to hear nim.
FEES OF THE RECORDER AND OTHERS.
Mr. Ciasacttocame in. lie Raid lie wanted to
siiovr tbo Commissioners the impossibility of run
ning the county on such a system as the Legisla
ture contemplated. The Fees and Salaries Com
mittee tntho Senate proposed paying the officers
so low that the offices must be closed. Ho did
not believe that any office In the
county could be run on that scale. If the board
would appoint a conference committee ho would
make some revelations which he did not care to
make before the board as a body.
Commissioner Crawford moved the appointment
of a committee of three, to confer with Mr. Gas
6eihc Chair thought the Judiciary Committee
would answer the requirements of the office.
Commissioner Ashton thought a select commit
tee preferable, to avoid all imputations by the
county officers of prejudice.
Commissioner Harrison moved to make the
number live.
The motion was lost—yeas, C; nays, 8.
The matter was referred to tbo Committee on
Finance.
the police-commissionershtp.
Commissioner Hitchcock moved to proceed to
the election of a Police Commissioner, in place of
T. B. Brown, resigned. The motion was lost
yeas, C; nays, 7—as follows:
r«w—Herting, Hitchcock, Pahlman, Roello, Tal
cott, ami tbo President—6. _
Kaya— Ashton, Crawford, Hams, Harrison, Loner*
gan, Skelly, and Stearns—7.
DUPLICATE OF WAR BOND.
A communication from E. S. Lane, asking for
a duplicate of a war bond of 81,000 destroyed by
the nre, was referred to the Finance Committee.
THE COMMISSIONERS!III’ QUESTION POSTPONED TILL
Commissioner Harris moved to reconsider the
vote by winch the board refused to elect a Police
Commissioner.
Commissioner Hitchcock thought the sooner
these questions were settled tho sooner the hoard
would get to work.
Commissioner Harrison thought nothing would
be lost by waiting. There wore many good men
before the hoard, but there were other good mou
who werenothefore it.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to—yeas,
9; nays, 5.
Commissioner Ashton moved that tho election
of a Police Commissioner be made the special
order of business for Thursday, at 2 o’clock.
The motion was agreed to.
IN' COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
On motion, the board went into Committee of
the Whole on the subject matter of the communi
cations on the table, Commissioner Harrison in
the chair. _
The communication of the Committee on Poor
House and Paupers with reference to the payment
of employes, was taken up.
Commissioner White moved to take up the
items scrialiut, which was agreed to.
THE COUNTY AGENT’S SALARY.
Commissioner Ashton moved to strike out
5i,200 given to tho County Agent and substitute
sl,coo.
Commissioner Crawford moved to make his
salary $1,500. No man could work honestly for
SI,OOO.
Commissioner Ashton said the salaries of
county employes should be reduced in propor
tion to tho reductions of otter salaries. The
county was in no conlition. co pay her employes
more than a living compensation. A man who
could live upon ti,200 before tho ftro could live
on SI,OOO now, The applicants for the office, he
would be as numerous if tho salary
wnre reduced td?1.000.
The motion of Commissioner Ashton was
to.
REDUCTION OF THE WARDEN’S SAUUCt,
Commissioner Pahlman moved that tZJo joint
salary of Warden and Matron of the Poor House
and Insane Asylum uO fixed at Si .poo.
Commissioner Crawford moved to reduce to
s£oo.
Commissioner Pahlman made his amendment
so that no extra bill could be sent in for the
Matron.
The motion of Commissioner Crawford was
agreed to.
tue countr physician's salary.
Commissioner 'White moved to reduce tlic sal
ary of the County Piiysician from $1,300 to $1,200.
Carried.
THE EKGXKEER’S SALARY.
Commissioner White inquired if the Judiciary
Committee had made a report with reference to
the powers of the Board of Supervisors to make
contracts beyond the term of their olllee.
The Clerk read the report.
Commissioner White moved that the joint sal
aries of engineer and assistant at the Poor
House and Insane Asylum be $2,000.
Commissioner Talcott said the engineers of the
Fire Department, who boarded themselves, and
were compelled to run out in all weathers, only
received $1,200 a year. A man who could attend
to one of the fire engines was competent to run
the engine at the Insane Asylum. There was. In
his opinion, a leak in the engineer business. He
wished it postponed.
ComC lissi 9 ner White moved that the maximum
amount paiu Ip the engineer and his assistant be
$2,000, and that the whole subject be referred to
the Committee on Poor House and Paupers, with
power to act.
The motion prevailed.
SALARY OF THE POOR HOUSE PHYSICIAN.
■Monday, De-
Commissioner Ashton moved that the salary of
the physician of the Poor House and Insane
Asylum be reduced from §1,500 to SI,OOO.
Commissioner Stearns said the assistant to the
Ehysician only got his board from the county and
is pay from the physician. If, as he liad been
informed, the office of the County Physician "was
an arduous one, ho would he in favor of giving
him more than $1,200.
The motion prevailed.
THE COUNTY PHYSICIAN'S SALARY IN STATU QUO.
Commissioner Tulcott moved to reconsider the
vote fixing the salary of the County Physician at
$1,200. The motion was agreed to.
Commissioner Talcott thought that the method
of furnishing the County Physician with trans
portation was a pretty loose one. Ho would pre
fer fixing his salary and making him pay his own
transportation.
Commissioner Ashton thought the County
Physician could make anestimate of his expenses.
The Chair said ho could not estimate the num
ber of suicides and accidental deaths for the year.
Commissioner Talcott thought the salary of the
Physician should be sufficient to allow him to
keep his horse and baggy. _ _
Commissioner Skellysaid if the County Phys*
THURSDAY*
icianhsd to furnish Ills own transportation, ho
would require $2,600 a year. He moved to make
liia salary *1,200, and that he he required to matte
an estimate of his transportation expenses.
The motion was agreed to.
coaurejacAfiON. _
A communication from Wilmanns «fc Pasdeionp.
cfferlng to exhibit to theßoanl their abstract
hooka, 35 in number, and containing 35,000 pages,
addressed to the board, together with the com
munications from Chase Brothers, ami Brackett
and Waite, was taken up*
Considerable discussion ensued upon the com
munications. which was discontinued only by the
arrival ef the hour lor adjournment.
The Committee of tho Whole then rose.rcportcd
progress, and asked leave to sit again, which was
gi anted.
The board then adjourned until this afternoon
at 2 o'clock.
THE LAW COURTS.
Convictions and Acquittals* in
tlie Criminal Court.
Insurance and Transportation Cases—
Mechanics’ Lien,
Criminal Court,
CONVICTIONS*
Joseph Bush and Thomas Quirk, who- have
lately figured largely in tho- criminal annuls of
Cook County, for the second- time pleaded; guilty
under two indictments for larceny, the stealing
of a wagon and the felonious taking of a coat. At
tho last term these culprits pleaded guilty, claim
ing to bo under the age of 18 years. Tho mother
of Quirk, who has already a son in the Peniten
tiary, declined to endorse this, state
ment on tho part of her son,
but she claimed that npon-a trial he could, as ho
had told her, acquit himself. Upon this repre
sentation the prisoners- were allowed to with
draw their pica, which-, however, they now re
newed. They were remanded until sentence day.
—John Burko, William Wallace, Albert Martin,
ami Michael O’Grady, juvenile ©Genders, were
found guilty of the larceny of live dollars, in
nickels, and currency, from John Lawric. They
were remanded to a Suture day fos sentence.
—Bellville Alger acknowledged tlio stealing of
twenty-live dollars* worth of clothing from Isaac
Livingsum, and -was remanded.
—William Burmiater was convicted, by a jury,
of the larceny of a coat, valued at sl3, from Ro
man Co.
ACQUITTED.
Charles Brier was tried under an indictment
charging him with a burglarious entry into a car
of. the Lake Shore «fc Michigan Southern Rail
way Companv. The case turned upon tho ques-.
tlon'qf intention, and it appeared rather strongly
that the prisoner’s intention was only to steal a
dead-head ride.
A JURY DISAGREES.
At 11 o’clock a jury retired to consider the mer
its of on accusation against one William right
who was charged with the larceny of SIOO in
money from Pliny McKnight. It would ap
pear that Pliny MoKnight, having some money,
was a guest at the Garden City Hotel. Ho was
met and accosted by the prisoner, who claimed
to have been acquainted with him
in the city of Memphis, Tcnn. They spent the
evening together, and the prosecuting witness
said that, being somewhat exhausted, he retired
to sleep, the prisoner being iu the room. la the
morning he found his pocketbook mimw of its
ready cash. The doubt intho mind of the jury
probably arose from the fact that Mr.
failed to lock his cluimher door,
Superior Court.
INSURANCE CASE.
An action heretofore brought against the Re
public Insurance Company, of this city, by James
Hutchinson, to collect a balance of S2OB upon an
insurance policy, ended in a verdict for defendant.
The sum was claimed to be duo for the loss of a
schooner, the ILL. Whitman, which came to grief
on a trip from Oconto, Wis.to this city during
October, 18C0. The company had paid $5,003 on its
risk.
TRANSPORTATION CASE.
An action, by attachment, was commenced
against the Montreal Ocean Steamship Company,
as against a foreign corporation, by Martha John
son, as administratrix of John Johnson, her hus
band, who died upon the passage from Norway
sometime during the year 1863. It Is claimed
that the company failed to deliver his baggage,
the value of which is stated at $312.
MECHANICS' lies.
A petition was filed by Emil Biederman and
others, to declare and enforce a mechanles’lleu as
against George A. Bigelow on Lots 3,4,«», 6,14,15,
and IC, and parts of Lots 2 and 17, in A. Bigelow’s
subdivision of Block 121, School Section Addition.
This is the property upon which the Bigelow
Hotel stood, and the claim is for gas-fltting.
ASSUMPSIT.
An action of assumpsit was commenced by
Henry W. King Co. against T. H. andT. Cos
teen, by which demand is made for SI,OOO.
County Court.
GUARDIANSHIPS.
n>. Dunham was appointed snanlinn
1W rinnhnm -ndor bom! of SO,OOO.
of Vi illlam Bi. Donnam, —>nmtpd cmirdiin
-Sanson M. Krognass was and of
of Hans Brestrup, tmder bond ot ;vV,rr BrM.
Otto O. Hilda, Frederick. Henry, and MarJ -urea
trup, under bond of $5,300.
Circuit Court.
asduusu.
An action of assumpsit was commenced .against
Nelson Luddington, James L. Ward, and /ienry
MacFarhmd, Trustees of the Church of tho Mes
siah. Demand is made for s2tfoo.
A CHICAGO WANDERER.
A Poor Girl, Rendered Partially Insane
Through misfortune and the Chicago Fire,
Picked up by the Police of Newburgh, N. V.
Wo clip the following from the New York
Serald of the 6th inst.: “Oa Thursday night
Alfred T. Goodrich, Chief of Police of the city of
Newburgh, found an ill-clad, partially insane
young girl named Flora Brown wandering about
the streets of that city, followed by a gang of de
praved young boys. Ho took tbe girl to the sta
tion bouse, and, as nearly as could be ascertained
from her, the following Is the story of her suf
ferings and adventures: On that terrible Sun
day night of the Chicago conflagration she was
living in comfort with her foster parents,
who, being childless, bod adopted her. Their
home»was on the North Side, near Lincoln Park,
and Mr. Brown was engaged in business on Lake
street. At tbe time of the lire Flora was separ
ated from her parents, and since then has seen or
heard nothing of them. She fears that her
father was burned to death. Until Thursday of
last week she was cared for by the family of a
gentleman who had known her parents. On
that day she started for Newburgh, intending
to find an aunt, a Mrs. L. B. Owen. On
account, probably, ol having to travel on freight
trains as she could get passed along,
the girl was a week on the way, and reached
Newburgh on ThursOayJmorning. After wander
ing about all day, and being unable, in conse
quence of her mental nnsoundness, which prob
ably was caused by her sufferings and privations,
to get any tidings of her aunt, she was found by
the Chief, as stated, and lodged in the station
bouse. On Friday morning the Chief, ou making
Inquiries, learned that Mrs. Owen had removed,
about three years ago, to Illinois, her present
whereabouts in that State being unknown in
Newburgh. On applying to other persons, howev
er, whose names the girl gave, not only was her
story corroborated in its main features, but, un
expectedly .she foundothcr relatives inNowburgh.
by whom she will be taken care of. Her age is
about 17.”
LOST OR MISSING.
Additional List of Persons Inquired After by
Their Friends and Relatives Abroad.
The Chicago Relief ami. Aid Society aro in re
ceipt of letters from persons abroad inquiring
for the following named “lost or missing” in
dlviduals:
Gabriel Henry Gordon, lato with Mr. Howard
timber merchant, and Barclay McPherson Gor
don, grocer, both from Jamaica, aro anxiously
inquired after by Alexander Laing, Esq., of No. 5
Cardwell Bay, Gourock, near Greenock, Scot
land. __
Richard Rees, cabinet maker, late of ho. 1
State street, is anxiously inquired after oy hi 3
son, Henry Rees, of No. 1 Station Terraco, Pqnt
newzdd, near Newport. Poland.
Oliver Johnson, a sailor, a t No. 30 North
Market street befor inquired after by
Mrs,
Liverpool.
Robert Montgomery, of No. 159 Quincy street,
is inquired after by his mother. Mrs. Sarah Mont
gomery, of County Antrim, Ireland.
Thomas Murphy, who was in tho employ of a
railroad company in Chicago before the lire, is
inquired after byhla flying mother, and by his
brother, Michael Murphy, of Ventry, Dingle,
Country Kerry, Ireland,
Henry Blight, a painter, and Ills wife, Ann
Blight, aro anxiously inquired after by their sis
ter, Sarah McDowell, of No. 58 Lancaster street,
Klrkdale Road, Liverpool, England,
The Meissner Brothers, who did business at No.
7G West Washington street, are Inquired after by
their father, Traugott Meissner, Teuchern, near
Weisenfels, Prussia.
EN ROUTE TO PRISON,
Arirnl In Chicago* from San Francisco* of
Bine* tbc Alleged Robber of the Barrington
(Hinas.) National Bank*
About a dozen snow-bound passengers of the Pa
cific Railroad, eighteen days from SanFranciaca,
stopped atthoTremont House, yesterday. Among
them tv as W. S. Hine, the alleged groat Barring
ton hank robber, in charge of G. L. Root, Sheriff
of Berkshire County, Muss., and John L. Dodge,
President of tho bonk from which tho funds were
stolen. Our readers have already been iufonue
by telegraph of the young man's arrest In Cali
fornia. Eighteen thousand of tho twenty
sand dollars stolen were recovered. to^Mrwiui
a diamond pin, ring, and watch, fty
very near-
r Htae, r who has a boyish appearan^.^nd^arath
cr light and airy ma r l/ffi cr ime. He details
able frankness In regard l »Ins c that re
the circumstances at lengia, thathß
morse followed so do. f nJoney tlie next morn
would rotnnied
tag been able allowe(1 considerable
tlon. The p.lsoner a:i c huim>d r„ 11:6 bed
f TheSlierlir says that Hlne seemed
nig“ ~„,d w)ien t ho money was taken from
tl5 A«hough Sere are such evident signs of
there seems no Inclination on the part
'“KiJSs of the bank to forgive tho criminal.
They soy that tho course of Justice must not be
inferrnpte<b__^^ M
PROFESSIONAL.
DR. JOHN SEIBERT,
pbvslcian and Surgeon, Aconchcr and Oculist, for
merly comer Market and Madison-st3. is at present
located at 1110 Indlana-av, second house soutiiot Thir
ty-Urst-st.
I*AD IBS’ GOODS.
BOWEN,
HUNT
WINSLOW,
Offer to the Trade an entirely newland
very attractive stock of
■S, IU. SB.
HOSIERY AND GLOVES,
WOOLLMS, SHAWLS
Blankets,
And a FULL and COMPLETE STOCK
in all Departments.
a m md m miim-af.
HOLIDAY GOODS.
HOLIDAY
GOODS.
We will open, on Monday next,
the finest assortment of Gold Sets,
Ear Hoops, Cameo Sets, See., west of
Kew York, at very low prices.
N. RAATSORS &GQ.,
481 Wabash-av.
CARPETS, MATTINGS, ETC.
JOSEPH WEST,
KOIV LOOCATED AT
399 West ladlsoii-st,
Is retelling a Splendid Slock of
Calls, Mali
Cloths, &c.,
All of winch he will sell at
VEBY LOW P®ICES.
CLOTHING.
MABIEY HDLL
We are selling Shirts and
Drawers at $3.00, $3.75, $3.50,
$3.35, $3.00, and so on down to
40c. Even the last mentioned
are good ones.
You can tell better what they
are hy seeing them.
A few of those $7.00 Beefing
Coats still left; and a new lot
of Overcoats just received.
122 W. Madison-st.
HEW PUBUCATIONS.
iffl’S FEBllCffi
FOR 1872.
The publishers take pleasure In announcing that
they have secured for the now volumes of Harper’s
Magazine. Harper's Weekly, and Harper's Bazar, tho
moil brilliant and fascinating array of literary and
artistic attractions ever offered simultaneously to the
American public. They comprise, for immediate
issue, besides others that will be m duo time announced,
the following works:
Middlemarch,” a new serial story by Gcorgo Eliot,
to commence in Harper's Weekly for December Itf.
“Missor Mis.!” by Wilkie Collins, illustrated with
striking full page engravings from original drawings,
to commcnccDecemberSO.
Blade-o'.Grass,” by B. L. Farjeon, Author of
“Joshua Marvel,” with many beautiful illustrations,
is Just commenced in Harper’s Bazar.
Tho Golden Lion of Gnmpcre,” by Anthony Trol
lope, with illustrations, to commence in tho February
Number of Harecr’s Magazine.
They have also secured the plates and advanco
sheets of London; A Pilgrimage,” by Gustavo Dora
and Blanchard Jerroid, anew and magultieent sorioa
of illustrations from tho pencil of the great French,
artist.
Anew Novel by Miss Thackeray, whose writings
have won deserved popularity by their purity of tone,
genial imagination, and fascinating style, will be com
menced early in tbe year.
Tho great Spanish statesman. Emilio Castelar, will
furnish an Important and interestuignaperfuran early
number of Harper’s Magazine oa Republicanism m
Europe.”
Mr. Gcorgo William Curtis, under the now familiar
sobriquet of “An Old Bachelor,” will continue his
weekly contributions to the Bazar entitled Manners
upon tho Road.” Thisserics of Social Lessons, com
menced with the Hist issue of tho Bazar, has proved
one of the most attractive features of that Journal.
"Porto Crayon” will begin In an early number cl
the magazine a scries of illustrated papers po--* filin'*-
life and character iu Southern States npd ‘p-Ztifing
conditions. Colonel T. B. Thorpe wiU rrmtriiinta to
the March number of tho Maga** ftB an interestlnz
illustrated paper on the Unite*! Slates Treasury Dc*
purtmeut. Mr. Eugene Law renco continue hla
contributions on Important historical subjects. Mr.
Moncuro Conwi resume bis South-Coast;
Sauntenngs m -tl early number, and will contrlbuto
other papers on Interesting European top
Tnese unprecedented attractions will require occa
sional literary supplements to Harper’s Bazar and
Harper’s Wet kly, vfhlch fffll be Included in tho regu
lar issue, free pf tuarge to subscribers.
11:0 readers of Harper’s Magazine. Weekly, ami
Bazar are to be congratulated on tho rich and tempt
ing intellectual repast provided for their enjoyment,
and upon the rare privilege of sitting «iowu toihac
monthly or weekly feast of fancy and How of soul with
such a select and excellent company of entertainers as
George Elkt, Wilkio Collins. Anthony Trollope,
Charles Lever, Professor De Mille. R. J. Farjoun,
Gustave Dore. Miss Mulock, Miss Braddon George
William Curtis, M. D. Conway. Porte Crayon. Bayard
Taylor, B. H. Stoddard, John Hay, Harriet Prescott
Srofford, Eugene Lawrence, Dr. L I. Hayes, Thomas
Nast. SoL Eytingc. Jr., Charles Parsons. JV. L. bhep
hard. Jules Taverner, and many others of high rank m
the world of letters and ait. In securing this unprece
dented array of splendid names, the publishers are
only canyingouttheir original design, and fulfilling
wirit thev conceive to bo tho legitimate duty of tho
Smlnch.k of widely-circulated and popular periodi
-sSfi Ths’intend t/iat wherever their periotU&ala clr
entota they shall exert a healthful influence in every
department of literature and art; and that In the fa
reranatathe nwt they shall bo not only unsurpassed
ImVtmapproachabic in the sphere of illustrated Jour-
3r.lc.vzn.-E, ■WKEKI.T, and baz vii maot
H.VEi;»... -'AllMlua! wants of the groat njl"
n d m'™?imerte3llT«»J er3: treaUns or lito-
social, or themes, offer an
of wiolesoma Instruction. recreation, and
SSSieinent which will be Sought elsewhere in vain.
represent, therefore, for every American house
hold theCnipUic literature of thd TVorld.
TERMS for 1872.
harper's magazine, Ono Year...... s< nj
Harper’* Wlkly, Ono Year. 4.00
Harper's Bazai:, Ono Year. 4.00
Harper's Magazine, Harper’s Weekly, ana Har
per’s Bazar, for ono year, $10.00; or any two for $7.00.
An Extra Copy of either the Magazine, Weekly, or
Bazar will be supplied gratis for every Clab of Five:
SL'itscuniKßSats4.ooeach, la one remittance: or Six
Copies for $20.00, wltlumt extia copy.
REMOVAL.
REMOVAL.
"We are now permanently located,
at 123 WEST WASII
UVCTOJf-ST.
MEIN, LAMBERT k CO.,
14 and 16 Maiden Lane, New Tori, 123
West Washington-st., Chicago, XU.
MISCELLANEOUS.
iaiffismss!
1 Parties desiring to make Pressed Brick, will find our
improved Hang Press the best in tho market. Send
for circular. Bricks. Trucks. Barrows, otc., for salo.
UNITED STATES BIUCK MACHINE CO.. US
South Clintou-at, Chicago.