iloral anfc *iate Nftoa.
Kipeand juicy i.. pberries are still gathered
in this city.
Kimball, over the Eastern Express cilice,
has had grand success in taking the “shadow”
photographs.
Children are denying themselves Christmas
presents for the sake of relieving the suffer
ers by the western fires.
The stock scare has pretty well died out in
this State, and horses and cattle now com
mand good prices.
A young man in enumerating his qualifica
tions for a certain position, states that he
docs not use rum, but thinks lie could learn
to like it quite easily.
i he anceboro’ excursionists obtained sev
eral very fine views ol Mount Kutahdin, on
their trip. The mountain was white with
snow, and presented a beautiful spectacle.
Mr. hunt’s store at Benton, was entered a
tdw nights since, and twenty-five dollars ii^
money taken from the drawer, together with
some small articles from the store.
There are seventy-five amateur papers so
called, conducted by hoys, in the United
States. There arc ten times that number con
ducted by old ladies, who wear specs and arc
not quite sure that the earth is not fiat.
Mr. A. II. Howard of llallowell, has a fig
tree containing over forty green figs,which will
he ripe in the course of live or six weeks.
The tree is on exhibition at the rooms of the
National Bank in llallowell.
Sunday and yesterday were real summer
days. Furnace fires were extinguished, win
dows were wide open, and people were out
ol' doors enjoying the delightful and unseason
weather.
An unoccupied building owned by Ur. Wm.
E. Payne, on the corner of Vine and Front
streets in Bath, was slightly damaged by fire
Saturday afternoon. The promptness of the
(Ire department saved a large conflagration.
Her. Mr. Penney of this city, lias returned
home after an absence of sonic three weeks,
lie has been to tlie west in attendance at
the meeting of the Free Baptist Triennial
Conference in Michigan.
The Cumberland bar yesterday presenled
r solutions upon the death of Judge Davis and
lion, l'binelias Barnes, before the Supreme
Judicial court, Judge Tapley presiding, and
several able speakers spoke upon them, after
which the court adjourned.
The city governments of Auburn and Lew
iston will appropriate the sum of §5000 in the
aggregate in aid of the sutTerers by the fires
in Chicago, Wisconsin and Michigan—each
city to contribute in proportion to valuation.
This will be done under recommendation of a
public meeting of the two cities.
In view of the many heavy fires that have
occurred recently in different parts of the
country, it w ould be well for every body to
carefully examine their stove pipes, chim
neys, &c., and to see to it that they do not
hold policies of insurance in companies that
have gone under.”
Mr. Israel Furbish is building a cottage
house on Cushnoc heights.-The widow
Lancaster, on Court street, is enlarging her
dwelling house by the addition of an ell.
-Mr. Charles Stone yesterday sold to
Thomas Furbish his dwelling house on Cush
noe heights.-One or two families have
already moved into the new tenement block
of W. K. I.ancey on Bridge street.
In response to call, quite a number of la
dies met at the Congregationalist chapel yes
terday afternoon to devise means for the relief
of sufferers liy the fires in Wisconsin. It was
•decided to ask the public for contributions of
clothing, and we arc requested to say that the
Congregationalist chapel will be open to-day
and ladies w ill he in attendance to receive
contributions. Although the chapel will be
open all day, those desiring to contribute will
please to band in their articles early in the
forenoon. Let enough be brought to make
up several boxes.
The twenty-fifth anniversary of the wed
ding of J. F. Dunning, Esq., was celebrated
on Saturday evening at his home in this city.
Mr. Dunning was formerly a resident ot
Brunswick, and the occasion brought together
many of the friends and relatives of himself
and excellent companion from that good old
town, as well as others who have established
homes and firesides elsewhere. Several of
his friends in this city were glad to he present
and join in the happy greetings. There were
some very fine presents, embracing more
than twenty pieces of silver, and including a
full tea set of elegant pattern. A pleasant
evening was enjoyed by the circle of warm
hearted fiiends who were present, and all
joined in wishing the happy couple a good
start from this silvery way-mark in their life
journey as man and wife.
A very rare hot house plant, grown in this
city, is the Tuberose, a genius of plants of the
natural order Liliacetc, having a funnel
shaped perianth, with ('.-parted limb. The
common Tuberose, sucli as is grown here,
has rounded bulbous roots; a cylindrical, up
right, unbranched stem, four or fiveject high
both root-leaves and stem leaves sword
shaped and very acute; flowers beautiful and
somewhat aggregated, pure white, resembling
wax, tlio tube a little curved. The plant is
in high esteem for the beauty nnd fragrance
+Si its flowers, and one at least should he found
in every collection of plants. The Oder from
this flower is most powerful, so much so as in
some eases, to cause headache. The fading
flowers emit, in certain states of the atmos
phere, an electic light and sparks. The
flowers yield an essential oil which is used
by erfumers. We saw yetesrday a tuberose
slem five feet in length with thirteen full buds
The Masonic Token, published quarterly by
Stephen Berry in Portland, contains many
items of interest to the fraternity. In speak
ing of the “Eastern Star,” the new female at
tachment to Masonry, it rejoices that it does
not exist in Maine, anil objects to it, because
if it is masonry it is illegal; if not, it is a disa
greeable parasite. It cannot bo useful, be
(ause b it few masons can recognize it, and
any woman claiming it would naturally be
suspected by one who lias not the degree.
The best evidence a woi^an can offer as a
claim upon the fraternity is the diploma or
jewel of her relative, or even her simple
statement in these days when the telegraph
can so easily verify her word. We don’t be
lieve women will ever he admitted into the
fraternity and hope they will not. While we
wish women te have their rights, to have rep
resentation when taxed, we are opposed to
female suffrage, believe there is a spiritual
difference between the sexes, and, with the
old deacon, thank God for the variation.
Mr. C. K. Bisbee, agent for the Kennebec
j County Bible Society, lias canvassed Hal
low, II. and furnishes us the religious statistics
of that city. Families visited, 510—Ameri
can 107. Iri*h German I, English 1, Mis
cellaneous 5. Families attending church,
-1 *H not attending 214; attending Sunday
school, 3*2. Children not attending Sun
day school, 140. Families having bibles,
409 without Protestant version, 41. Seven
were supplied free, 12 declined to receive it;
10 had the Douay bible, 6 had testaments.
Ten denominations, divided as follows Meth
odist Episcopal 84, Congregationalist 83, Bap
tist 51, Free Baptist 49, Catholic 31, Univcr
salist 3!*, Advent 5, Episcopal 7, Unitarian
5, Friend 1. There are six Sunday schools
in the city. There is a flourishing Y. M. C.
Association of 35 members. Several Catho
lic families received the bible promising to
read it. The Bible society art1 in great need
of funds. Thanks are due to those who have
generously made donations. A person may
become a member of the Society for one year
by contributing one dollar.
Supreme Judlrlul (bull. Dickerson Judge.
Monday, Oct. 2d. The court opened at
2 1-2 J*. M., pursuant to the ailjournmcnt
from Tuesday the 17th. I’raycr by Rev. Dr.
Ricker. Tlic juries were empanneledand
the judge gave his charge to the grand jury.
The remainder of the afternoon was spent on
the first cnll of tlft docket.
I.ist of grand jurors John Berry, Vienna;
R. 1!. Caldwell, Gardiner; James C. Chad
bourne, Vassalboro'; Jonas Chase, Clinton;
John Curtis, Augusta; William E. Drum
mond, Winslow; Charles X,. Foss, Albion;
Arnold B. Gifford, Sidney; Samuel S. Good
rich, Augusta: James Hunt, l’ittston; Alfred
II. Jones, China; (excused); George B. Mc
Clineli, llallowell; Falmer S. Moody, Chel
sea; Benjamin Richardson, Monmouth Al
den Rutilus, Winthrop; William S. Small,
Fayette; Stephen Thomas, Waterville; and
Samuel Williams. Litchfield.
William E. Drummond was chosen fore
man.
List of traverse jurors: Alonzo Brown,
Mt. Vernon Sumner Cain, Clinton; Samuel
Cleaves, Windsor; William L. Eastman,
Benton; Isaiah Gilford, Vassalboro’; John
T. llunnewell, China; John C. Jones, Gardi
ner; Joseph R. Lincoln, Gardiner; Nathan
1’. Lyon, Gardiner; Silas A. Manter, Wayne;
Elijah McFarland, Augusta; Francis II. Mc
Intire, Winthrop; Benjamin McCausland,
Farmingdale; Franklin B. Merrill, West
Gardiner; Rufus Nason, Waterville; David
F. l'age, llallowell; John Patten, Litchfield;
Charles G. Pinkham, Vassalboro’; Edward
Rowse, Augusta; Proctor Sampson, Man
chester; Norris R. Swift, Sidney; Jacob
Shorey, Moumouth Sewall Spaulding, Bel
grade; Samuel II. True, Readfield; Joshua
S. Turner, Augusta; James Warren, Wins
low; William B. Winslow, l’ittston; Joseph
O. Wheeler, Waterville; and Selden Works,
Rome.
John F. llunnewell, foreman of first jury.
Proctor Sampson, foreman of Second jury.
Aphonia Cueei>.—Fellows’ Compound
Svhup op IIvpopiiosphites —Aphonia, or
Loss of Voice, is remedied in a short time,
no matter w hether the cause be from inflatpa
tion of the lining membrane, from cold, or
from nervous derangement.
I)k. Wistak's Wild Cheriu Balsam.—
This Balsamic compound has become a home
fixture. Let all who sutler, and have in vain
attempted to cure their coughs, colds, bron
eial or pulmonary complaints, make use of
this unequaled remedy, it can be relied upon,
the mass of testimony that bus been published
since its introduction, being ample proof its
efficacy. lwtw
fHarrtrti.
In this citv,22d inst.. by Rev. C\ F. Penney, H. A.
Hailed to Miss A. P. Clark, both of Augusta.
In Baugor, luth inst., John M. Hall to Mips Flora
Etta llall, both of Brewer.
33US.
In West Gardiner, 21ft inst., John 11. Collins,
aged 28 years.
In Bungor, I9th Inst., Mis. Jl. Josephine, wife of
1108C06 F. Bates, aged JO years, 19 days.
Dissolution of Copartnership.
r|MIK Copartnership heretofore existing under the
L tirni and style of HI NT A FELLOWS, is this
day dissolved b\ mutual consent.
GEORGE HI NT,
J. B. FELLOWS.
Augusta, Oct. 21, 1871.
The undersigned will continue the business of the
lute linn of lit \t A Pi llows, will pav all bills
against, and receive all money due mi id firm.
GEORGE HI NT.
t. 21,1871. octt4-flw
A \urse for Lying-in Women.
Mil"- AGNEs FLETCHER offers her services to
the Ladies of Augusta ami vicinity, who may
need her professional assistance during one of the
most interesting periods in maternal life, she may
he found at the house of Mr. E. C. Partridge on the
court leading out of Green st., between Sewall ahd
Orchard streets.
Augusta, Oct. 24. 1»71. fSt*
PURE LEAP LARTl
MADE FROM THE
Best Corn-fed Pori:,
Ami prepared with the greatest care and cleanli
ness by
«EO. NAPIIEYS A SON,
1*1111. ADKLPI1IA.
In CONICAL-SHAPE TIN PAILS, weighing
3, 5 and 10 Pounds, Nett.
He- All who have used it Hud it just as repre
sented. -Sw
Warranted strictly pure.
Full Welglil tiuoranleed.
The pail, When empty, will be found useful for
many purposes. No family should lie without a
supply of this superior LAltD.
N. it.—Having obtained Letters Patent for these
jard pails, all persons are hereby cautioned against
hfftiuglngupon the Patent.
FOR SALE WHOLESALE BY
I". E. MULLIKEN,
Commission Mkkcuant, Flour, drain, Lard and
Wool,
li*2 Water Street, Augusta, Me.
octlttflm
For Sale.
4 dOOD 0 year old Cow.
1V. J. 11, ARNOLD.
Insurance Company
-OF
Hartford, Conn.
This the strongest ami most reliable Fire Insurance
Company in America,
Has paid all its Losses
-IN THE
CI-IICA-CiO FIRE,
And lias Capital and Surplus left, amounting to
MORE THAN FOUR MILLION
DOLLARS!
Without resorting to loans.
DAVIS CARGILL, Agent,
Office in Granite Block,
SMITH SIDE MARKET SQUARE,
orl2l*t*4t Augusta, Maine.
PHENIX
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF NEW YORK.
Assets Oct. 20, 1871,
81,500,000,
After paying Chicago losses.
M. W. PARK, Agent,
_ DARBY BLOCK, AUGUSTA.
Whitney's Neats Foot Harness Soap.
NTEAM REFINED.
IT Oils, Blacks, Polishes, and Soaps
at the same time. Put up in large
and small* sized boxes, also in 3 lb.
bars. Has been in use for years and
2 gives perfect satisfaction. Send stamp
T- _ for our WA V EKLY. Address, (j. F.
H WHITNEY A CO., 50 Milk St., Boston, Mass.
oct21-t&wGm
G. S. BALLARD,
—DEALERIN
Crockery, Glass and
Britannia Ware.
Japanned and Plain
Tin Ware;
Roger Bros., and Meriden Plated Goods,
Lamps and Lamp Goods,
Table and Pocket Cutlery
and a general assortment of
kitchen Furnishing Roods.
MANUFACTURER
—OF—
Tin and Sheet Iron Work.
Jobbing promptly attended to. G Union Block,
A few doors u<5rth of Kennebec Bridge.
octlG-ftjanl
TAYLOR’S
WRITING I NR!
■-AT
FIERCE'S
_BOOK STORE.
EXCELLENT BARGAINS.
Prices Low and Terms Easy.
VTWO STORY HOUSE, with L, 9 rooms; good
cellar and cistern; new stable; large lot and
a number of fruit trees.
A cottage house of seven rooms, and lot.
Several fine building lots.
Terms cosy. Apple to
K. W. W1IITEHOUSE.
Office: Freemans Rank Building,
sep5f Augusta, Maine.
LOST.
NEAR STATE NT., a Sufttllo Itol.c (lin
ed). The Under will be rewarded by leaving
it at the Mansion House.
oot$M3t G. R. REYNOLDS.
J. W. TOWARD M. D„
PHYSICIAN ftND SURGEON.
Office on Winttiro|» Street,
Uas of State Street.—Opposite Court House.
frASw _
DRS. THOMPSON BABCOCK
iiotaaopathic Physician* and Sncycon*
Residence STATE ST., corner of GREEN,
I)r.Thompson’s office hours in Augusta, from 1 to 3
1*. M. In Hallow ell, from 10 to 11 A. M. Dr. Rab
ock’s office ho lira in Augusta, from 10 to 1J A.M
In lllli owell lro.n 2 4 1*. M.
James W. Bradbury, Jr.,
U. S. COMMISSIONER,
Office with Bradbury Bradbury,
WATER STREET, At’UVNTA
BY TELEGRAPH
TO TIIE
Daily Kennebec Journal,
EUROPEAN NEWS, &c7
Paris.
Paris. 23. There is a great scarcity of
money and the crises is daily increasing in
intensity.
The bank of France has commenced the
issue of 35,000,000 francs in currency of
small denominations.
The extensive military establishments to
be formed at Iiouen will comprise a school
of artillery and arsenal within the city, and
and an intrenched camp and a series of forts
outside. President Thiers will lay the foun
dation of the artillery school.
Berms.
Berlin, 23. The Emperor has made a do
nation of one thousand thalers for the relief
of Chicago sufferers,
In Parliament the [bill providing for the
formation of the Imperial war fund was re
ferred to the committee on the Budget.
Madrid.
Madrid, 23. The Imperial says the efforts
to bring about reconciliation between the
supporters of Sagasta and Zarilla, and form a
coalition ministry have failed.
Londok.
London, 23. In the Manchester Chamber
of Commerce to-day, resolutions were unan
imously passed condemning the proposed
protectionists modification in the French
commercial treaty.
The Weather.
War Department, i
Office of the Chief Signai. Officer.
Washington, Oct. 23.—7 1’. M. J
Proearilitjes.
Cloudy weather will probably extend Tues
day south and east of Ohio Valley, and
cloudy and smoky weather in Pennsylvania
and New England. The barometer will
probably rise with falling temperature and
northerly winds from Missouri to Lake Erie
and northward.
The New York Yacht Race.
The Sappho Wilis the Itace,
New Vork, 23. The contest between Com
modore Ashbury's yacht J.ivonia and the
representative yachts of the New York yacht
club, fur the American Cup. ended to-day by
a brilliant victory for the Sappho. At 11 :15
A. M. the signal was given to start, the race
being over the regatta course of the New
York yacht club. The Livonia got away and
was fully a mile ahead when the Sappho got
fairly started. The latter however, gradually
gained on the English yacht, and passed the
south-west spit buoy at 12 o'clock, 15 in. 12
s. P. M., or 1 m. 46 s. ahead. The Sappho
rounded the light ship at 1 o'clock, 32 in. 58
seconds, and the Livonia at 1 o’clock, 45 m.
22 seconds. Both boats touched several
times from the light ship to the south-west
spit buoy. On the return the Sappho was
still gaining and a freshening breeze sprung
up which was very favorable to her, and she
fast sailed away from her competitor. She
rounded the flag boat, the winning stake, at
3 o’clock, 5ft m. 5 seconds, and the Livonia
did not get up till 1 o'clock, 25 m. 41 seconds,
The actual time of the race was as follows
Sappho—4 hours, 38 minutes, 5 seconds.
Livonia—5 hours, 4 minutes, 41 seconds,
the Sappho winning by 26 minutes, 36 sec
onds. This is the end of the contest for the
cup.
It is reported to-night that Bennett has ac
cepted Ashbury’s challenge to sail the
Dauntless against the Livonia, and to sail
to-morrow.
Extensive Fires in New York.
Rochester, X. Y., 23. Extensive fires pre
vail in the swamps and woods of Monroe,
Orleans, Niagara, Gencssc, Wayne, and Sen
eca counties. The wind has been blowing a
gale since yesterday morning, and much un
easiness if felt throughout the burning dis
trict. The smoke obscures the sun to such a
degree that lights were used in buildings
to-day in this city. Rain is very much
needed. Reports are constantly coming in of
tires in all directions.
Auburn, N. Y., 23. About three acres of
forests, known as Chestnut Ridge, near this
city, were burned yesterday. The flames
were subdued by the people. Montesunia
marshes have been burning several days.
These marshes are two miles wide and about
twelve in length.
News Irom New Y'ork.
Bark Naske from Glasgow, reports that on
Sept. 18th, in lat. 33e long. 45», she picked
up a boat containing the second mate and
four seamen of the English bark Lord Stan
ley, from Liverpool for Gaspe Bay. They
left her sinking twenty-fours previous. The
ship probably foundered with all left on
board.

Judge Hilton, President of the Department
of Public Works, addressed to-day a lengthy
communication to Comptroller Connolly, in
reply to certain allegations and suggestions
made in the communication of the latter to
the Board of Parks. Hilton cites the figures
to show that under present park commission
ers it costs*he city $183,000 a year less than
under the old commissioners.
The suit of Heremeyer against ingersoll,
did not come before the court to-day, the
order having been appealed from on behalf of
Ingersoll to the general term of the Supreme
Court, which sets on the first Monday in
November.
John Moon late Assistant-Superintendent
of the box department of the city post otlice,
is held to await the action of the Grand Jury
on a charge of opening letters and embezzling
the contents.
At a meeting of the commissioners of the
sinking fund to-day, A. J. Bleeeker, Court
land Palmer and Adrian H. Muller, who were
appointed to appraise the city real estate, re
ported its value at $244,000,000 and pre
sented a bill of $152,000 for their work. The
matter was referred to the Deputy Comptrol
ler.
John 1). Brown’s bill of $142,000, for reg
ular and extra services in street cleaning,
was audited.
The congregation of Rev. Dr. Chapin’s
church yesterday contributed $12,000 cash
and a loan of $5000 without interest, towards
rebuilding St. Paul’s Unlversalist Church in
Chicago.
The North American Insurance Company
intend to form a new company under the old
title and continue business.
The grist mill of Whitney Bros., at Glas
boro, New Jersey was burned on Saturday
night loss $20,000; insured.
This afternoon, while hoisting blocks of
granite on East River pier the derricks gave
way ami crushed a man to death. The fore
man, Mr. Douglas, was badly injured. An
other tnan fell under the ruins of the wood
work and scaffold and is now buried there.
It is thought that he is dead. Another man
was precipitated from the top of the pier and
is not expected to live.
The whole family of Jasper S. Jatfec, a
Spanish gentleman, residing on Washington
avenue, Brooklyn, was badly scaldel last
week by the bursting of a codec toiler. One
child will probably die.
News from Boston.
Boston, 23. Schooner Mary H. Banks,
from Georgetown, D. C., for Warcham, went
ashore near Nantucket at 4 A. M., on the
22d inst. The crew and one lady were saved
hy a life boat. The captain has engaged
wreckers to save the cargo.
The regular meeting of the Methodist
preachers in Westlyan Hall to-day was fully
attended by clergy and laymen. Resolves
were adopted as follows
First—We heartily approve the appeals
put forth hy our brethren in Chicago and the
north-west for help, and pledge our co-oper
ation in raising the amount of 920,000 re
quired to meet New Englands share of 9200,
0(X), which we deem the cause of Methodism
in that section demands.
Second—That we recommend that the
churches in other cities, such as Providence,
Springfield, Worcester, New Bedford, Fall
River, Lynn, Haverhill, and other leading
places hold mass meetings to further this
object.
1 bird—That we recommend all our church
es in New England to take up collections on
the second Sabbath in November, and we
also request that colUctions be taken in our
Sunday schools on the same day for the
same purpose.
A committee of twenty was appointed to
take such further action as deemed neces
sary.
News From California.
.San Francisco, 23. A petition has been
signed hy the whole white population of
Arizona and Southern Calfornia, setting forth
the evils brought on those districls by Vin
cent Collier’s interference, and praying the
President to allow Gen, Crook to reduce the
Apaches to subjection without the meddling
peace commissioners.
Telegraph News in General.
Providence, II. I., 23. Hrig Wixford from
Little Glace Bay for New York, was towed
into Newport this afternoon, dismasted, and
the Captain badly injured by tha pilot boat
Isaac Webb.
New York, 23. In the yacht race to-day
the Sappho reached tiie lower stake boat at
l o’clock, and the Livonia about five minutes
behind. p
Kingston, .la., 22. The steamship llising
Star sailed for Aspinwall yesterday. The
financial surplus may confidently he estimat
ed at £12,000, which, added to the surplus
previously accumulated, will he devoted to
the inauguration of great public improve
ments.
Havana, 23. Advices from Port au Prince
of the 8th, state that President Sagct was
daily expected at Joemel.
The partisans of Salman are assembling
on the northern frontier and at Monte Christi
in Dominican territory. They are aided in
their projected incursion,
The name of Gen. Soloman, residing at
present at St. Thomas, is currently men
tioned as connected with the future revolu
tionary movements.
Sidney Oak Smith of Philadelphia has
brought a suit against President Sagct for
8100,000 due on the iron clad Atlanta.
The coffee crop of Ilayti is large.
Portsmontli, 23. In the Supreme Judicial
Court in this city to-day. Judge Foster stated
that Jos. Marshall charged with murdering
•Io8eph K. Knox of Seabrook, by drowning
him from a boat, will he admitted to bail on
Saturday. If the body is not found the trial
of Michael Howard of Haverhill, Mass
charged with the murder of David Crownin,
by pushing him front a load of hay is ap
pointed for next Monday.
A. Leighton, the poet of New Hampshire,
was married in this city to-day to the daugh
ter of Moses II. Goodrich.
Chicago, 23. The Directors of Hartford
Insurance Company have given orders to re.
build their building here at once, to be com
pleted in sixty days.
“Quebec, Can., 23. The ship Corsica of
Newcastle, with a general cargo for Mon
treal, is ashore at liic Island. A steamer
lias gone to her assistance.
Detroit, 23. The high wiml*has rekindled
the fire in the woods on Military reservation,
near Port Huron. Much anxiety is felt for
the safety of the city.
Cincinnati, 23. The Andes Insurance Co.
has resolved to pay all its losses at Chicago,
increase its capital stock one-half a million
dollars and continue business.
Springfield, Mass., 23. The Maliaine bank
at Great Harrington was robbed of §18000 on
Saturday night by W. S. Hine the Teller,
who has fled.
John Hand a farm hand at West Norlhfield,
was killed on Saturday night, by jumping
from a scaffold upon a pitchfork which en
tered his abdomen.
FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL.
New York Money Market.
New York, Octobers!.
Gold closed at 112%
United States Sixes (coupons), 1881 llt;% g
5-20’s 1862, ill g
1804, 114 3
1865, 114% g
1805, Jan. A July, 113 g
18«7, 113% g
1808 113 g
10-40’s,(coupons) 103% g
1’acillc sixes, 8
Cental Pacifies 100% g
Union 85.% g
New York Stock Market.
New York, October 23.
Mariposa 1%, do pld., 1% Canton Co. 72 Cum
berland Co. 4o Western Union Tel. Uo., t;i%
Quicksilver Mining |Co„ 18% Pacific Mail, 47%;
lWton Water Power, 41 Adams E\. Uo., -2;
'Veils, Fargo ft Co., 51%; American Merchants la
54 I’. 8. Ex. Go., 55 N. Y. Central Hudson
Kiver. 80% do. scrip. 81% Erie,29% do. md.iti
Harlem, 120 do. phi 121 Heading. 1U8% Mieli.
Central, 1 HI Lake Shore and Michigan Southern
00%; Illinois Central 133 Cleveland A Pittsburg,
121 Chicago North Western, (11% do.pfdcoC;
Chicago A Hock Island, 101% Mil. A st. Paul 57;
do. pld., 77 Toledo, 'Vabash A Western, 57%
do. pld 81 Pittsburg A Fort Wayne, 07 Terre
Haute, do. pfd 50 Alton, 112% do. phi ill
Ohio A Miss., 38% Boston, Hartford A Erie. 2
New York Produce Market.
New Yoke, October
COTTON—sales 2906 bales: mid. uplands 18**.
FLOUR—88000; state 600$ 723; round hoop mho
(5 1*5£ 7 75; w astern 6 00g" 60; southern Too £9 25.
WHEAT 155UOU bu No. 2 spring J46gi 50; new
t*o 2 do ;wiuter red ami amber western 150 gi.’>4,
CORN—98000 new mixed western 75a 75L
00
OATS—sales 63000 western 50g52 ‘3
PORK— new mess, 13.00 £13.15. old. 0000
00.00. prime,
LARD steam; 9K§10V: kettle, 10b.
BUTTER—West’n, 10820; state, 15g30.
WHISKEY Western free, 95,
RICE—Carolina, n1* a‘.i.
SUGAR Porto Rico, 8 Muscovado, q\<
Cincinnati Produce Market
Cincinnati, October
MESS PORK-12 50
LAUD ID,.
BULK MEATS—side® 7
BACON—shoulder, 7 clearriliTtf; sides 7^
WHISKEY—(11.
S I AT E HEWS.
There ere 150 students at Westbrook Sem
inary.
‘•Bent Knee" is what they call seductive
distillations over in liiddeford.
The Masonic' Token tells how a distin
guished Mason, upon whose door at liar
num’s Hotel in Baltimore, during a recent
meeting there, his name and title of “Grand
High Priest” was posted, was called up and
waited upon by a score of servants who want
ed to pay their respects to his “l{ivercnce."
t T-*?? .Lewiston Journal says that the
Lonllard Insurance Company, which had a
number of policies in that city, lost by the
Chicago nre something over $1,300,000, all
of which will bo fully paid. All the policies
will be cancelled, and unearned premiums
wd bti reimbursed. A return will be made
to the stockholders; but what the percent
will be is not /et known.
The semi-annual session of the Grand
Lodge of Good Templars will be held in
Portland next Thursday and Friday, in the
Reception Room, City Building, commencing
at 3 o’clock, Thursday afternoon. A public
meeting will bo held in City Ilall on Friday
evening, over which Governor Perham will
preside.
Portland has a smart hoy. One day last
week a little son of Sewall C. Strout, Esq.,
less than eight years old, inspired by the nar
ratives of the suffering in Chicago, started to
do something himself for their relief. With
out a word to any one he looked over his
own wardrobe and selecting such garments as
he had outgrown and others which tie thought
lie could spare, started out on an expedition
among the neighbors and finally collected
quite a bundle of clothing, which he put into
a little wagon and drew down to the City
Marshal’s office and contributed as his part
toward the charitable enterprise.
A man named Hodgdoa was found dead,
hung by the neck from a beam in his barn at
South Sebec, Saturday morning. He was a
farmer, some 73 years of age.
The first of the new crop of ice made its
appearance Saturday, but it was not ripe
enough to harvest.
Augustus II. Iiatchelder, son of Henry L.
Batchelder, of West Gorham, disappeared
from his home about four weeks ago. He
was only thirteen years old, and his parents
are anxious to obtain news of him.
NEWS BY MAIL.
_ Trinee Napoleon landed at Ajaccio on
Friday. There was no demonstration.
Efforts are making in different quarters to
secure botli of the national presidential con
ventions in Cincinnati.
The Northern Pacific Hailway surveying
party have discovered a rich gold and silver
ledge near Hequaimie liiver, Washington
Territory.
Barney Aaron the pugilist, who was re
ported to have been safely bung to a lamp
post in Chicago, lias turned up in his usual
good health.
Iteports from South Carolina indicate that
the United States Marshal and his forces are
urging a vigorous war there against the Ku
Klux. Many arrests have been made and in
dividuals of rebel proclivities are fleeing to
safer retreats.
'file President and family, accompanied by
his brother-in-law and sister, Mr. and Mrs.
Corbin, and by General Babcock, Secretary
ltobeson and Postmaster-General Creswell,
returned to Washington Monday morning.
A new trial baa not been granted Mrs. Fair,
the California murderess. The argument on
tlie demurrer comes up before the Supreme
Court in a tew days. The result is very
doubtful, and it appears that there is no hope
for the prisoner.
Collector liakson of the port of Gloucester
has officially notified the Secretary of ttie
Treasury of the seizure ami recapture of the
schooner K. A. llorton, and the owners re
spectfully ask that new papers maybe issued,
as there has been no condemnation of the
vessel by the courts of the Dominion. It is
represented that there is no anticipation of
trouble with the English government.
Last Tuesday morning a serious affray
took place on board the schooner Addie M.
Bird, of Rockland, while the vessel was a
few miles from Cape Cod. There was a diffi
culty between Lewis Richards, a seaman, and
and Captain Merrill, in which the former was
somewhat severely handled. Afterward,
coming on deck with a knife, lie threatened
the captain and the mate, the captain's
brother. The captain defended himself with
a eapstain bar, and sent the mate for irons to
secure Richards. The fellow then pursued
tho mate, who stumbled and fell. While
thus prostrate he came upon him and stabbed
him twice in the back, one blow penetrating
the lungs. The wounded man, who suffered
intensely, was conveyed in a boat to Yar
mouth, and yesterday was improving, with
a chance for recovery.
On Saturday Richards, who belongs in
Boston, was brought up before Commissioner
Hullett, charged with assault with a knife on
Wilson Merrill, the mate. Richard’s defence
was that tiie mate was the aggressor; and
that lie was struck several times on the head
with the eapstain, marks of the wounds
of which lie still hears. After hearing the
evidence the Commissioner held the defend
ant in $.")00 for the action of the Circuit
Court.
Ayer’s Cathartic Pills,
For all tho purposes of a Laxative
Medicine.
Perhaps no one medi
cine is so universally re
quired by everybody as
a cathartic, nor was ever
any before 60 universal
ly adopted into use, in
every country and among
all classes, as this mild
but efficient purgative
Pill. The obvious rea
son is, that it is a more re
liable and far more effec
tual remedy than any
other. Those who have
tried it. know that it cured them; those who have
not, know that it cures their neighbors and friends,
and all know that what it does once it does always
that it never fails through any fault or neglectof
its composition. We have thousands upon thou
sands of certificates of their remarkable cures of the
following complaints, but such cures are known in
every neighborhood, and we need not publish them.
Adapted to all ages and conditions in all climates;
containing neither calomel or any deleterious drug,
they may be taken with safety by anybody. Their
sugar coating preserves them everfYesh ami makes
them pleasant to take, while being purely vegetable
lio harm can aqse from their use in any quantity.
They operate by their powerful influence on tho
internal viscera to purify the blood and stimulate it
into healthy action remove the obstructions of tho
stomach, bowels, liver, and other organs of tho
body, restoring their irregular action to health, and
by correcting, wherever they exist, such derange
ments as are the tirst origin of disease.
Minute directions are given in the wrapper on
the box, for the following complaints, which these
Villa rapidly cure:
For Dynpepaia or Indigent ion, Listless*
ncM, Languor and Loss of Appetite, they
.should be taken moderately to stimulate tho stom
ach and restore its healthy tone and action.
For Liver Complaint and its various symp
toms, Hi I ion* Headache. Nick Headache,
Jaundice or <*>reen Mick ness, Bilious
C’ollc and Bilious Fevers, they should be ju
diciously taken for each case, to correct the diseased
action or remove the obstructions which cause it.
For Dysentery or Diarrhoea, but one inild
dose is generally required.
For HheuuiatiKui, Ciont, Gravel, Palpi*
tatiou of the Heart, Pain In the Mide,
Hack and Loins, they should be continuously
taken, as required, to change the diseased action of
the system. With such change those complaints
disappear.
For Dropsy and Dropsical Swellings they
should be taken in largo and frequent doses to pro
dure the effect of a drastic purge.
For Muppre««doii a largo doso should bo taken
as it produces the desired effect by sympathy.
As a Dinner Pill, take one or two Villa to pro
mote digestion and relieve the stomach.
An occasional dose stimulates tho stomach am
bowels into healthy action, restores the appetite
and invigorates the system. Hence it is often ad
vantageous where no serious derangement exists.
One who feels tolerably well, often finds that a dose
of these Villa makes him feel decidedly better, from
their cleansing and renovating effect on the diges
tive apparatus.
Dlt. J. C. AYE It CO., Practical Chemists,
LOWELL. MASS., V. S. A.
For sale in Augusta by E. Fuller Son.
The Confessions or an Invalid.
Published as a warning and for the benefit ol
young men and others, who suffer from Nervous
1 Ability, Ac., supplying the means of sei.f-4 i he.
\N ritten by one who eured himself, ami sent free
on receiving a post-paid directed envelope.
Address,Nathaniel Mayf.uk, llrooldvn, N. Y.
umyl7-«m
1871. FALL ana WIATER. 1871.
Woodman, True Co.,
JOBBKHHOF
DRY GOODS
—AND—
WOOLENS.
Have in store and are constantly receiving THE
LATEST STYLES in
FOREIGN and DOMESTIC
DRY GOODS,
n greater variety than ever before offered to the
TRADE 131 MAI ra.
Woodman, True Sc Co.,
CORNER MIDDLE 4 PEARL ST.,
/’OKrLj.rn, .n.ii.ru.
2m30
MOSES M. SWAN,
Watchmaker and Jeweller,
llis Stock embraces a fine line of
American and Swiss Watches,
n gold and silver case, including the celebrated
National or Elgin Watch, Waltham, Tremont Bor
quin, Bonnett, Pardeaux, Jacot, Ac., In both La
dies’ anti gentlemen’s sizes.
Pino Gold Jewelry,
Solid Gold Leoniton
Vest and Neck Chains.
STERLING COIN SILVER GOODS
FINE PLATED WAKE,
SPECTACLES AND EYE BLASSES.
of the most approved kinds.
CLOCKS OF ALL KINDS,
including the celebrated ITHACA CALENDAR
all of which will ue .old at the
Lowest Prices, and Warranted.
Particular attention given to repairing all kind,
of Fine Watches. Chronometer Balances applied
and ndiusted to temperature and position. lianTOtf
NOTICE.
OFFICF. OF TT1E AMERICAN WATCH CO.
WALTHAM, MASS.. Nov., 1S68.
We have appointed
EDWARD ROWSE
124 WATER STREET, AUGUSTA,
DKAWKR Iff
Watches, Jewelry, Silver Ware,
And SPECTACLES,
GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES
•*.v» iiMTtii .uorJs.itKjrrs
as wilt enable him to supply anj dev and, either at
Wholesale or K^tail,
which may be made upon him, and
R ATES AS FAVORABLE
as are offered at our Sales Rooms in
jN"ow York or Boston.
F0R AMERICAN WATCH COMPANY.
R. E. ROBBINS. Treas’r.
A CARD.
1 have just added to my Stock a Splendid Assort
meut of
Gentlemen's Furnishing Goods,
Consisting of
Clastenburg and Portsmout h Unde
Shirts and Drawers
of Very Superior Quality; also Nos. 1.2 and 3, Hath*
away Fine White Shirts; also a full line of Superior
Kids, dressed and undressed gloves; also Silk ami
Lamb Lined Kid Mittens, Plymouth Lamb Lined
Gloves and Gauntlets, Ac.
These good.*, are superior to any 1 have ever of*
fered the publie
Also a lull line of Children’s Suits, Grecian and
other styles. The public arc respectfully requested
to call and examine.
DEANE PRAY.
octMlawSw* NEAR MARKET SQUARE.
This is an ago of inquiry and people aro
oeginning to realize the magnitude of the
ivil caused by the use of injurious compounds
for the hair, which are prepared and forced
into market, by men who are not practical
physicians, and who may not he aware of the
injury they are producing. These prepara
tions have been analyzed by competent chem
ists, and shown to contain poisonous sub
stances, causing Nervousness, Headache, Par
alysis, and often fatal results.
In contrast with such injurious articles, we
:all attention to the Hair Restorer prepared
by Hr. R. Greene, Superintendent of the Bos
ton Medical Institute, who has been a suc
cessful physician in Boston for more than a
quarter of a Century. Hr. Greene uses Veg
etable Remedies only, and can assure the pub
lic that this llair Restorer will do all that is
claimed for it, without a possibility of injury.
I have tested a sample of Dr. Greene’s Hair
Restorer, and find that no poisonous metals or
i/furious matters exist in it.
C. r. JACK soy, State Assay er."
The use of this Hair Restorer for twenty
five years has tested its superiority as a dress
ing, and its power to preserve the hair and
scalp in a healthy condition. It removes
dandruff, prevents the hair from falling off,
preserves its natural color, restores it when
prematurely gray, renders it soft and glossy,
promotes its healihy growth, and is the best
dressing ever discovered. W hile other prep
arations are sold at almost any price, Hr.
Greeno's Hair Restorer has sustained its good
qualities, its price, and its reputation. It is
prepared by Hr. R. Greene at the Medical In
stitute, 84 Temple Place, Boston, and sold at
$1 per bottle, or six for $5, or seut by ex
press to any part of the country. Pamphlet
sent free. Address Ur. R. Greene, 84 Tem
ple Place, Boston, Mass.
Sold by I.. II. T1TCOMB, Druggist, siorosla sole
agent for Dr. tieeeno’s Mail* Restorer ami Sereluia
Syrup.