4
|ftt jpicago |ribmw.
Term* of Subscription,
FXTABLS IK ADVANCEI
DiUr Edition, per yearjtoy hail. 41100
Trl-wcekly Edition, per year, toy matt. ®.oo
Sunday Edltion/fccr year, toy hail.,.. 2.50
Weekly Edition, per year, toy mail.,.,
Tarts ol a year at Uioaamo rate. 1
To prevent Gelay and toe sore and give Post
Office address in full, including state and county.
Remittances may toe made either toy draft, express,
Post Office order, or in registered letters, at our risk.
tebus.to an sunscnmcßß:
Daily, delivered, Sunday excepted, 25 cents penroek.
Daily, delivered, Sunday Included, 30 cents per week.
Address THE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
i Ko. 15 Consist, Chicago; Dk i
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER .25. JISTL
AEOBEE LOOK AT, THE CHICAGO OFTO-DAY.
The St, Louis‘J?fj)wMi<»ii, a'ehott tlmeslnce,
had a long editorial juhderrGio? heading of
this article, which, fairly stated the “.three
stapes or conditions of* feeling that inraria-
bly follow such pr colossal calamity as; that
■\yhich has recently smitten Chicago from its
pride of place,"and prostrated it; temporarily
at least, in the dust of humiliation.” First
conics 44 tho horror and despair.which over
comes the stoutest heart when compelled to
witness or endure the destructive forcoe;o£
nature.” Seecoid, 44 a ceriam nervous, spas
inodic energy,-iivwhicli the mind seeks relief
from the cnuHionaF effects Of tha terrible
visitation.” Third, the gradual return, of
mental cquilihrihnvwhen tho sitnntion-is
calmly and intelligently viewfcd; and* the
community, having formed something 1 like"
an accurate estimate of the misfortune,
confront the task olrccoustruction.” In tho
opinion of the" VcjutbJicah', Chicago' has now
reached this third step in her hitter emer
gency.
Regarding the loca the
..vTiijiniy come to the conclu
sion that the actual amount is not likely:
to be ascertained. It went, howeyer, a .step
too far in giving Trie Tribune he its author-'
ity for jilnciugtho loss tbo neighborhood
of $100,000,000;”’ 'The motive charitably as
signed for naming this sum 44 is a natural de
sire to lessen the magnitude of the blow, aud
place the prospects of tho city in the Vest
possible light.” And this isldone, it .would
seem, with the view to deceive 44 this rough,
practical, and slightlyseliish world” into in
vesting its spare funds in the effort to repair
the waste places of Cliicago.
Chicagoans have always claimed to he very
practical, matter-of-fact people, and, judged
by their acts, the claim may ho considered
well established. Nothing could he more
firmly roofed aud grounded in their minds
than the simple fact, tliat a false showing of
their affairs is not likely to help them in
bringing to their *aid, in the, work ot.
reconstructing their city*, the capital of
those living outside thfeir borders. The Me*
yuhlicau seems not to comprehend this
Would it he very uncharitable -to suppose'
that it docs not want to do so Or that what
it so slyly imputes to Chicago would have
been practised by St. Louis were she reduced
o the condition of the former?-
The licjmhJican is not ovc r-sangnine as *to
Chicago’s ability to recover from the calam
itj* that has come upon her. At the best,
she has a hard road to travel, the cud of
which she is not likely* to roach in a hurry.
“Were it not for the network of railways,”
with which, thanks to her foresight and
liberality, she has surrounded herself, “she
would never lift her head to half its former
height.” So'Enys tho Republican and wo
must, of course, bow to tbe decision of so
august an authority! .But, then, Chicago
7ms her great railway system, and, what is
far more to the point, she is -going
to keep and use it wisely aud
well. Take comfort, O Chicago I for tho
RrjmMicmi has declared that, with tho
aid of your railways, you 44 may, aud proba
bly will, cling to the old eminence.”
Taken as a whole, tho Republican's ser
mon is a most amusing medley of sense aud
nonsense, —the latter largely predominating.
After describing, as of the flimsiest charac
ter, the buildings now being put up, which
is perfectly tine, it gravely asserts that 44 no
decent insurance rcompanyavill issuejjoliciea
ueiusuic u, 01 couisc ’uo one in the Last wifl
dare to sell merchandise to Chicago. It was
meet that this .should'bo? followed hy tbe
assertion that 44 It should he horho in mind,
100, that the unburnt portion of. the city is
not much, if any, bettor than the tinder-box
quarters where the flames originated. An
other kerosene lampkicked over by a cow
might easily finish what is left; at least, W
donvriters will be apt to take this view of the
subject.”
Kotv, if any underwriter lias been so silly
a? “to lake this viewof the subject,” a sub
scription should forthwith be started to boy
him a ticket on some out-going train. Notb
ing is impossible, but it is Highly improbable'
that Chicago will again be destroyed by fire,
—at least, not till that great and terrible daj
comes to consume the earth, and even St.
Louis may not i"scape Us ravages.
The extraordinary vigilance of onr people,
as shown m the. precautions they have
adopted to guard against and suppress A*
cniellj on aeeonnt of iittr temporary build
ings, makes Chicago to-day a not extra-haz-,
aidonsrek. Ko donht many underwriters
tull dtsse.it ft onr this opiuldn; if is flieir ini
ttrest to do so: and, in the circumstances, it
is 0,.,,"te1' .oexpeet of thorn-mr impartial
L*T r Ll:1 Il ‘ae is coming, nud-is
1 t n d r ro' both
in and out of Choutgo, will adopt .onr'view
ed the iindcrwiiatte. business.•• *,lt is only
reasonable expect fhal the power of pub
lie opinion, if.not self-interest, will erelong
compel insurance companies'noLtd'iiscrimi
nale against Chi.;ago'm‘ilic suiue'olasa of
risks as with St. Louis.
An. tiier sialem. at of ilic-.fTep./fthraii, oif
theniiegod ntitlinrily.of Tju.Tniiu;xi;, is to
the (fleet that Die "mosl luomiuciU'Chtuago
in.-t. hauls tind it VxlrchmlydiiHenlu.tf nol
uni-..,M1,]... p, parcha.se goods in Eastern
ii|ii,l,. is without responsible .endorsers."
Jh. nit a.itls, on its bwn account, “Arid-no
one mu Illume d-bc jobbers and importers of
Aew I oik, Boston, and Philadelphia for
taking til,-so precautions; it. were minings,
lint to ~o si..’ The reason it alleges for this
rs.ihat “il oe richest Chicago linns arc piislied
to elosol;,- to t lie edge of the precipice that a
tiugie additional touch will plmige them into
inetn. vaole ruin, and lliuniin will coiiiejun-
Irss commercial headway can he made at
oncf.
U is utterly false that the “most
l.ioir.jncnt-- Chicago merchants litul auv
ujilieulty whatever in purrhasmg goods ia
the Ea-t “without responsible endorsers."
A\ here, in the name- of common sense,-do
llmsc endorsem \l'ulong ?.r VrTiat are their,
’lanes? 'Who are'" the "most prominent
Chicagoans r. fem-d to by the IkynbUctmi
Let it famish their names,-and so settle the
analltr. Lot il^-tilso• publish .a-lisd of tho
Jir.-ive hand of 'endorsers,- Chichdo should
iieliaht to honor the men who so inagnaiii-
Jnom.ly e,.n;o to heryelief in,the hem- of
;i ho IniUria. tic state of thiriusdes
Hheum me i;, r „:h<c, in exists only in the
aeitile .mae-mytionpf its editors. I'eihaps.
cbowii-h js father to the thought. v
The work before tut iTjLdecd' vcrWreaL’
and the >l>hicuUtcs in Wf,. nay'seem
almost insurmountable, —ilur ti„*e rfho'
Jmow ns I,est have an abiding Krf h 7 fcSt
2<h:ill overcome tlivm in- the: on,l
well begun' is-Mmlf t
.jimveth. Kite face iOrt.
hbonbl, wo mi all greailj. lighten lac lead w-'
liaVc to bear, i-ct those, nvvt
ihc-ir obligations :ti fc JiiaimiS'Witlc.’syiJi’
iheir creditors ol
Juhire with promise which, inflip natureoi’
’-fHiiug.-. rlicy cannuTTcdcL-b or, w at*aiiy rate,
iiot without the- grcafest'ilimctfKy rsiid much
hacriiice. lk*ar in nihid th&ttlMS,
rivjtls is not dead ydl, but onjy jut£ r i_Q jrHc;>
for a time by the general- -syinpafh>—* for the
great- calamity that ln»s botalleli ‘■ns. IT is'
Biire to awake with renewed tucuglU. Ami,
what h has failed.lp wrest from ur byf;iir.'
means, it will seek to accomplish by foul
just bo soon -as H may
safely make flic attempt. This winter is
going to try the mettle taadc of. If
wo stand the test, Mid-Knsdiy collect and
consolidate our forces lor, the i-pringtiude,
tbo futnrc is all in our own. hands. Shall wo
do this, and so give tho lie to the predictions
of the ifcpiMioan f
THE STATE REVENUE LAW.
Our Springfield correspondent has fur
nished a statement, of some of the perplexi
ties which embarrass tho Legislature in the
consideration of the bill to reorganize the
revenue system of the State. Land is an im
movable property, always visible, and can
bo readily found by an. assessor of taxes.
Not a footof taxable land withiu.tho State
escapes hia visitation.The. .owners of this
land, finding themselves thus taxed, natural
ly seek to have every other description .of
property taxed in the same, manner. It is
bccausatho land-owners arc taxed, that ’onr
.Revenue,bill -is made as searching and as
sweepingasit is. But thexesxilt is not quite
satisfactory.! Porsonal property docs csoap o
assessment, and much of that which is assessed
"escapes 'taxation because of the want of
means' toenforce -the payment of the tar.'
Upon the subject of personal tax,’tho farmers
t)£ this State honest 13% but unconsciously, op
press*.themselves.- Tho personal property:
au a farm is easily computed. Every man in
the*agricultural* districts, knows exactly
howtnany horses, cows, mules,! cattle, hogs
sheep, wagons, carts, and'’implements, each
of his neighbors has, and can estimate to a
dollar; the value of the household furniture
.and buildings owned hy every other farmer
in those districts there is nothing that es
-capes taxat ion, and the assessments are close
ly, collected, j But, in cities, towns, aridvil
-Inges, tliecase is different. There the assess
ment and payment of personal tax is the ex-
Taking put the taxes paid by. banks, _
and totherj incorporated companies,
.whoso books can bo. reached,
it will be found, upon examination, .that,
the groat bulk of the tax paid on personal
property in this State is paid by. tho farmers
—by"thejamo men who pay toxes on the
lan(L.:Thd attempt to roach “capitalists,”
•and those who are supposed to “live high,”
Tea doadfaiiure. are about the
-oniypersons who are caught by tbo sweep
ing piwl I yM^i»iJ“ r rurlo»onO of tbo E(}V
cmie bill; “Still, the desire to hunt capital"
is issatiablei Capital is rcgairdcd very much
as a -irplf \rjjs, rrlieii the State accepted his
scalp in payment of taxes.,, The Revenue bill
•is framed-upon tho theory that capital is
such a iaonstor that it mnat-bc extirpated
after tho manner of thistles.
One of the great complaints in the agricul
tural districts has been that the rate of iu
tcrest is so high that farmers are unable to
borrow money to make improvements, buy
machinery.or stock. So groat has'been this
hardship that it has heen seriously proposed
in the Legislature to mjko.it penal to ask, in
certain counties, any more than 6 per cent,
for tho useofmpnev. Has it ever occurred
to these persons that taxatio»has very much
to do-with ihe rent or hire of money? The
national bonds oiler the best standard of tho
value of money. These bonds, at present
prices, do not pay their holders over 151; per
cent, interest.. Tho live per cents’, known as
10*40 bonds are within a fraction of par in
gold. If, money were worth
more than that, no person would
continue his investments in that
line of securities. The difference be
tween that standard of money rent and tho
rent demanded for its use on other security,
is dne to a variety of oanacs, of which taxa
tion Is the principal one. One of tho special
objects of attack in all theso legislative rev
enue bills arc mortgages. The whole popula
tion wants to borrow money on mortgage,
and are wildly excited upon the subject of
tho rates of interest, yet it is considered
In ghly improper for any person to suggest
that mortsagesonght not to ho taxed. As
suming that tho aggregate tax for all pur
poses in a county is 2 per cent, it is expected
that will be carried to that county
and loaned at G per cent, the louder to
pay 2 per cent tax on tbo
investment. In every town and village in
all tbo State there arc men who fail to un
derstand whj T money will not seek invest
mentin mbrtgnge, where it can ho taxed;
and there are intelligent persons who fail to
understand that, when money is loaned on a
mortgage that is to he taxed, tho lender ne
cessarily includes in his interest and other
charges the amount of tho tax, and thus com
pels the borrower to pay the tax, not only on
the property mortgaged, but also on tho
amount of (he mortgage.. Yet are .gon
ial contribute to support the
State.” Kd proposition is plainer than that
a tax upon mortgages is the levy, of a dupli
eatc tax upon the mortgaged property.
Parmer Smith has land worth SIO,OOO. This
he mortgages for the sum of $5,000, and with
the money thus obtained erects buildings, or
buys hoi scs and cattle. The Assessor values
the farm with the-additional property at
$15,000, .and; it pays taxes accordingly. But
there is-alsoa -tax on the mortgage, which
tax,'being included in the interest, is also,
paid hy the borrower, who therefore pays a
tax on $20,000 of property, when ho’ has hut
£15.000 in aIL
If, instead of taxing every manner and
form of business upon gross earnings, to bo
ascertained bydiiqnisitonal researches into
private aflairs, thcStatc might substitute a
license system, graded according to tho char
acter of thq business I ,'\ho revenue of the
State would bo largely increased from this
source, and thousands who no w pay no tax
afali, and never will pay any nuderthe
present system, wonld bo compelled to pay
their just proportion. A license system,
properly adjusted, would yield more revenue
to tho State pan is now obtained from taxes
on personal property, and would reach an
immense class- who- now pay no tax.- A re-’
pciil of all taxes on personal property could
■then- tako place, ami the greatest relief
■afforded -by, such- repeal wbtild'bo to' the
farmers, who how pay taxes on the Inst sheen
and bog. w)ieu other classes practically os
caisi that tax.
CAJOLING THE APACHES.
Mr. Vincent Colycr paid a visit recently
lo bis: ApncJu.’*. v.
.A show (iuioafter.wiird.tlio Apaches made
a (b-seeiit upon the citizens and travellers in
Arizona, lunrdeniig. and scalping, among
others, a stage roach full 0 f Eastern pooplo,
Ihe relatioh between Dicso two eirenin
staiiccs. as cause and effect, is-fuUy as elo,o
as the proximity of tbelr mention would in- 1
lUcate. The. so-called peace policy In the'
Jjumatjouifiili lho IniluuLs— Uiat in, the
poUty,, of Jiiiiiig them, to, refrain’
Jrom tcaipiiig Ihe white inhabitants of the
.Icniiorics, and i-inßfng'thcir allowance-is
often Ms they, raise a now let -of scalps—has,
we are now sure, proved a most lamentable
failure, as far as the more savage class of jibe.
Indian tubes arc concerned. -Ulus-policy
lias now had a fairitrial, having been in. ope
ration considerably over a ycaffaiid'-bavlug.
a loruuirli.espouse to the government, aiul
much suffering among the white population
of the fitinticr. brought ttio vexed Indian
<jUcslion.no neaiyr its solution than ever be
fore; unless ivc inay’ accept as its obvious
lesson the-fatjt that the way to, do .with .the
A>Kihes is to'snbduo their warlike propensi-f
ties by showing them that w'e are tliclr supe
riors. i r
The iirr.ee policy, or.as' spate,have denom
inated ittthv parlor policy; of .managing tUc
aboriginal liibes may lie. aijil floahtleis U,
the correct one iii regard to sonic'tribes, as
those of tho j Ociiralgce pouuirj- anil others
farther \vcst 1 a'iul norfii —'s'rTv""f'c' IC os,
the rawneca. and apart of tic Tinles. As
"Wthc nwre savage friltcaJiUpniho.Aitachps,
-Cemhacltos, Brule Sioux, etc., there’ is only
•f'tdTilteatiori'tft’tv'hiclf
v ill pay-.my eadnoi'
and carhiuca. fTho, eJloct; of tho, iiior.tl
■.suasioapolir.|,—perverted, as it is, hy thC'
ratioaiug,- cheating, dohauchiug, and arm
ittftjH.wers, is only.tp,d e nioi;alize,-auil make
<'o’- r v*H c cms^n less tractahlp. (ioyonior
*i^stv ?l i l,te4tt: case; -With.
Swf '-a tak W»:.«Thc more
the m-e, at posts.
stance save one, Wv.wUhoat-^MdM
excuse, and Q .gavr„Un-n, P cn war. Such hf,
uccn ptir cxpciitucce vvith ~tlio Apache In!
dians. 1
TI)C Question,in (he ironUet.Teniloric's is
whflhor the pccnpancy of the
lands there lying shail hc for the purposes of
civilization, or for ‘iso'savago prowlings aud
luirrowings and slauglitcrs of the" Apache
taco. In the settlement of this question tho
SAvagehas these advantages that he is fa-,
miliar with tho Territory and and
with the stylo of fighting which most he re
sorted to there, and that he is entirely unre
strained by any civilized regulations as to
tho means by which he shall'inflict injury
.upon his natural enemy, the white pioneer.
The hosts of civilization, on tho
contrary,: have the advantage of
superior intellect, to organize
and fortify against the fiends of tho
scalping knife, and to combine a portion'of
them against another, so. that, perchance,
one Apache may rid the world of another,
and thus demonstrate that, in-the vast
economy of, nature, oven Apaches wore not
made in vain. I
Of tliis advantage- Mr.. Vincent Colyer,
armed with lus authority as Commissioner
of the government, comes in and rohs tho
civilized element. Tho moment General
Crook had'perfected a'system of defence
against the ‘bloody raids of the Apaches up
on the citizens of Arizona, Colyer came dash
ing up, as a potent ally of the savages. Ho
steers straight hy all tho white men of tho
Territory,, taiid goes for l the moat
influential Apache in, each neighborhood,—,
’thb j'BoSs Tweed of '-a-particular tribe. Him
lie approaches; hearing precious gifts of rod
blankets,, scalping-knives, tobacco, whiskey,
rifles, gunpowder, and stove-pipe hats. He.
says to hhn; .‘.“My dear Bluc-Gizzard-of-the-
Night (or whatever the influential Apache’s
name may be), 1 heg you will accept these as
a token that the Great Father loves you, and
wishes to make a good citizen and a member
of .Congress of you. -These soldiers aud vigi
lants who try to shoot you are bad mon. We.
are your true muds. Be virtuous, now, dear
Bluc-Gjzzard-of-the-Moon; and wo twill give
you iomg more fire-water and. gunpowder hy*
and byl Good dny.”, And; Hr. Vincent
Colyer departs for. the wigwam of
the next: influential' ."Apache^—perhaps
the Chief of tho Pinal -Apaches, .or the Ton-‘
tae, or tlio C-oybteros,. or-the Vovapais—tho
last named being one of tho tribes who hrivo'
..fiono iutb tho Apache business’(scalbiueljinii.
assumed the name of that tnbo as a formal
and deliberate .declaration of tlieix intention,
to make war ni>on tho white race henceforth.
But Mr. Vincent Colyer takes care, that he
gets out of the 5 way of his hopeful
before their supply of groceries gives put, or
is sold out, so that the inevitable reaction
accompanying that fact does hot fall upon
the head of Vincent Colver.
The consequences of this kind of policy to
ward the Apaches are such as *we hoard of
tho other-day. when the coach-load of passen
gers on the road "were massacred
by some of Mr. Colycris favorite braves.
Other consequences are the necessity of
many soldiers and many Quartermasters, and
much demoralization of society and hindrance
of civilization in the far West; and, because
tho citizens of Arizona do not standstill
and bo sfcalpcd with a good grace,
they arc much declaimed against by Vincent
Colyer as frontier ruffians who court death
by their belligerent manners. The fact is!
that Vincent Colyer and his policy are more’
responsible than any. other cause for the re
cent misery and slaughter among the inhab
itants of tho frontier. Ho is a missionary
with a single idea, and has, as a matter of
course, run that idea into, .the ground. The
great desideratum, so far as tho Indians and
pioneers are concerned, is peace; and the
term Peace Commission, has a taking
sound phut so long as the Peace Commission,
or any due'acting with the prestige of their
authority, go to work, with the ostensible
purpose of peace, to undo the only work
which promises peace (and wo allude here to
General Crook’s late operations), ha acts not
in the interests of peace, hut of war aud
bloodshed,'of which the pioneers of civiliza
tion are the most numerous victims.
Tlio Eibhmond Enquirer prints the follow
ing letter in explanation of the vindictive
feeling which has cropped ont in the South,
to some extent, since the Chicago lire, mani
fest ing itself in certain newspaper articles
rejoicing over the terrible event. A good
deal of this vindictiveness has connected it-
self with an alleged letter from a "promi
nent” Chicago newspaper concern, which
contained an insulting tender of a Confed
erate note in aid of some Southern charity.
This insulting letter has, in some cases, been
charged upon The Tribute, and ono fellow
-tihe I\iKtni.'isft-r of a Georgia town) trans
tle, refr'~*
o, referring to the subject, and enclosing;!
Confederate fifty-dollar note for the benefit
of the Chicago sufferers. A.perusal of the
letter Trill explain, the origin of all these
mysterious allusions:
Office of The Chicago Republican, i
ir M r J ir CHICAGO, Dec. 7, 1860, s
Urs. E.A. F. Hears, Treasurer S. o. R a rc rt «ft
&SSSJ T
forbids the idea of conducting the catablislimenf
upon the principle or plan ofVnoMhmrrSSS 1
Wo cordially coicWe wttli M«nXr™f
r.BoiiliMrycliarmcsnft, supported by •?&SS£
Itaoks,” you wld appreciate that lolly awmo of
to 111 C BUOI mrC'nf s hi<:ll load* us to contribute
f u l*U o*, 3 oar enterprise a curr»*ncr
Ya“v""nuC to Stooatajeki
»n I'm; Cuicago RkcchucasCo.,
ilio letter is certainly a very low-llun'g
expression, and could not have mot, even on
the day after the Confederacy surrendered,
apy endorsement from the real patriotism of
thohortb. It is unfair, however, to charge
it upon any' •'prominent' Chicago news
paper,” or try to establish abroad an impres
sion that its discourteous utterances are. or
oyer were, a fair expression of Chicago feel
1,0 Tlll! c a,mß of suffering women and
pUdreu arc superior to all other cousidera
tions, and axe so regarded by the people of
Chicago,—as, we have uo doubt,.the ladies
named iu the above letter can testify, re
garding the people of Chicago iu general.
We hope they, will do so, and thereby dis
courag.., as far as .possible, the fiendish
utterances which are occasionally reach-:
mg us ftouj tsonthc-ru writers and speak--
cib, jilbitaut over ihe “reirilmtion” which
Has been meted onttffCbicago.' It is within
.our knowledge tliat after the close of the
war. large donations were made'by citizens
of Chicago, ip provide the suileriug people of
-Mississippi and Louisiana-witit food -and
seed t;> niahle them io resume .the- cultiCa
tiou of their desolated fields and xdanta
tiuEeT.
Tim Philadelphia Zcdgo-, of "Ifovctnber fio.
foots -np the tonnage of coal mined In that
tins year as follows;'•
Antlwaoite, tons. 11 v-rJ.V-s
nitmiiinows-te,g......i,1w,Vr.i
There w as it decrease in the tonnage of an
thracite .coal) as compared with hast year,-of
'.'ag.tn'O tons, land an increase tn that it bita
■minons void pf JCS.OOO ions. The Letter calls
attciiiipn to the fact that, notwithstandinr
th<reduced producUou of aiithracito, priced
do riot advance; ami says that. '"lt is now
maiiilost .that there is no market Cor the
usual estimated annnal Increase ofJlO.por
cent in consnmpt ion." The stuua paper gives
the following explanation
i H« s coal 'for domestic pnm*c*, it is
.believed, will be marketed tW ruireat voar tlum
there washist year. for several nlicroY entn-e
--i?IS UJ fS“ I^mWIS^ h!ch ,5 -e peftl *oonomv<&'
suventm the «so of ci'al, nmf the fnettUatla-t
f;UPI^ Dsion t In tUo anthracite regions
r lallu l a( »S ur K Utf eoni4 nnjrre tho econo*
forced hJtrlr prices of anthracite, of
i.sin 0 bitnmhipus coal,from which users do not
immediately reuirn when aulhnicit© prices fall.'
ThoTiiglr prices; of 1 ant’lmVeito' coal .pro
duced a wondoif ul-change in tbonso of- coal
lor domestic purposes in'this city. The large
supply of bjtcuiiuoiis.coal, of'lino dualities’,
fronrlaidiaia, Ohio, and from-this'State, has
cnab}od-<.wr peoplo-toilisponae with anthra
cite te a extent.' ,:iu‘aU,establishments
Whord coal is used for generating -steam,
thordhas been a geueralndoption of the new''
and- better grades of bituminous coal &om
coal fields, which is now rcach
i«(f, how in huge quanliiide, and at Tow
price--. Tho’ Anthracite monopolists harp
■ovenoaolied ihemidves in their exactions.:
The State Souato ou Thursday passed a
ftnieiy resolution urgiug upon Congress tho
Cxiaiditatcy of a repeal of the duties oh lant
her. AVe regret that the resolatioa was op.
posed hymtmhers who desired to have other
articles iuelndod. Gentlemen who refuse to
accept a repeal of ihe duties ou lumber be
cause .they.cannot have tho duties ou iron
repealed al'tlie same time, stand in' the way
Of all tanfi reform, and. thoughthoymaynot
so intend, they with
ME CHICAGO TRIBUNE; SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 25, 1871
tho monopolists In tlioir efforts to prevent
011 3' reform. AA’o iiope this resolution will
pass in tho Honse without any amendment.
There must ho a beginning somewhere. Let
us begin with lumber. It ylolds no revenue
and is a most oppressive tax. __ The
taxcs'on coal,.and iron, and-salt are oppres
sive, hut wo weaken tho effect of tho reso
lution when wo cucumber it with a long
string of articles. In that form it becomes
hut a general protest against the" tariff,“and
a demand for a general reduction. of
A general resolution of that kind, however
proper, wants that directness' and" force
which a resolution like that ■passedihy tho
Senate calling for tho repeal of tho duticson
■a particular article, AVo hope thatthofrieuds
of rovenuo'reform, of all-parties, will reso
lutely vote clown all propositions" to ‘amend
this resolution, and will pass it as It stands,
—a request by the State of Illinois that tho
tax on lumber bo repealed.
The pcmCcratic party is just now
•worried upon, tlioeabjcot of
whether it shall, in 1879#permit the electionto
go by default. A.writer in a Chicago paper,
while rejeqting paesivism. hrmgß himself to
the conclusjonHhhtthe time has come when
mat?' conces
sions. Whereupon.;tho. Springfield Register,
which, perhaps, more tlian any other paper
in the State, is as an organ of
Democrotic’sentiment, breaks out in the fol
lowing strain:
!The overruling political Issue of the day la
between honest men 'and thieves! The one to
save; the other to devour the country. In. this
extremity there Is no'time for hesitation. Ad
herence to old party lines and tactics would bo
insensuatc. It would ho the madness of a mrm
rushing in the gaplng'flssurc of an'earthquake or
into the weltering crater of a .volcano, because it
lay across his direct path. In such an extremity,
'whatever of ipartypride or prejudice stands in
the way of public deliverance, should bo freely
and'promptly sacrificed upon tho.sacrod altarof
country and morality. Ifj disaster overwhelms
the land# iet;it not be said that It was because
Democrats were unwilling to receive or extend
support to prevent it.
The oidy'concession which the people ask
.of the Democratic party is to disband. It is
powerless for good, and the- only effect it
produces is| to perpetuate evil,, .Jf. there be
any persons who think that any
hlo portion of the Bcpublicah party will
unite with ilio Democratic party, or divide
offices with it; they are laboring under a'
delusion. ,If the Democratic party wrill <lia
solve,- and ifs members will unite with the
Bepnblicanj party, and aid in accomplishing
needed reforms, and in electing proper men
to office, tli6 benefit to the nation will be
very groat. t So long as the Democratic party
esdsts to 'threaten: riio country with' its
probable success, it helps to perpetuate
abuses which are not easily corrected in
the presence of* a greater enemy,
The Evening Journal calls attention to the
case of a “burnt-out dead-beat,” which af
fords, we fear, a. typo, of a t66 numerous
class,. The one referred to, is a sectarian
newspaper, whose publishers are advertis
mg that they lost by the fire largo amounts
of “type, presses, and stock,” and appealing
dolefully for, $25,000 to help them out of their
misery, whereas the fact is that they lost
nothing at all, their .composition and press
work having.been done for them by a job
printing oouccm. On the strength of these
circumstances.they are placarding them
selves as destitute victims of the fire,
and one of them is holding protracted
meetings all over tho East, with
-astrong likelihood of raising the whole
$25,000 proposed. It is to bo feared that there
are too many beggars of this class appealing
•to the sympathies of tho world to help them
into a condition better than they enjoyed be
fore tho fire, and at the same time depreciat
ing tho reputation of Chicago for business
pluck and aelf-relianco. Of course it is tho
privilege of everybody to get what charity
ho can out of his friends or tho public; but
whoever does this omfalse pretences not only
wrongs those upon whose generosity hoirac
ticcs, but lessens tho chances of others who,
though less importunate, are, perhaps, more
needy.
Among the generous donations to the Re
lief! Society is that of A. Campbell, of
Brooklyn, N. Y’., of two power presses, one
worth 53,000, and. tho other worth SI,OOO.
These presses are for hook and job work, and
are used in some of the best printing offices
in tho country, as in the, “Riverside,” at
Cambridge, Mass., and are about tube intro
duced in the establishment of Messrs. Grant
TiftiulflUi i. i 1 7,1
tnres, aim practical^ printers,-we- suppose
know all about them.. The largest has al
ready arrived in this city, and is for sale, as
will he seen by an advertisement in another
column; the proceeds to go, absolutely, to tho
Relief and Aid Society, for tho benefit of the
sutlerers by the fire.: Mr. Senior, the agent
for Mr. Campbell, is imtowu, ready to put up
the press tho moment a "purchaser is found
•for it, and'those who wish to inform them
selves in regard to it, and see specimens of
its work, will find Mr. Senior at Standard
Hall to-day, between the hours of 10 and 1
o’clock. i
The Now York artists’ sale of paintings
and objects of art for tho Chicago Relief
i nnd eloecd on the evening of tlio 2lst. ro
ahzuig the sum of $7,122, not including the
price of frames. This result did not come up
to the expectations of tlio active promoters
of this noble charity, which may be ac
counted for by the severe rain-storm oh the
first evening, aud the Alexis festivities on
the second evening. The principal paintings
were purchased by. dealers in art-works,
which alone is sufficient evidence that the
lectures were sold very low, so that the do
ners really deserve greater credit for gener
osity than the total amount realized would
indicate. A few donations of money will he
added to tliis sum, and, deducting necessary
expenses, at least $7,000 will remain. It is to
ho hoped that the members of the Academy
of Design iu this city will use tlus handsome
sum to promote the hest interests of the
suffering artists of Chicago, aud not for any
other purposes.
2 lie New I ork Tribune did not display ex
traordinary zeal for State Rights when it
goaded Congress to pass tho Ku-Klux hill,
without which goading tho bill would hot
have lava passed. Nevertheless, we give
place Ui ilh commendation of Governor
I‘aimer, ami his vindication of State Rights
for as much as it is wonii,
The Qucsilon of Brick Walls,
To the Editor of The Chitajo Tnhine:-
_Sm: I propose to answer your correspondent.
H., m your paper of the 2ld last. Ho says that he
..iiscovered brick walls being laid with headers at
1 every slxih course, aud that Inconversation with
loud nto a confession that
!«o* l«v. that lie had to baud
Sncludrs^‘iin l i ’s(r' ir3r vla aly(hi his own oplonion)
concludes that If .every sixth course m i >i,i
transvertcly •iu .;v wall to btrouethen it tbnt
every other course laid in l
K t th£
nroiiiHblj- employed tlwu
*5 r in COlUbattaK till) SL’llftfilfbia f tv-ill Ii
and talh/eiv have hem pricSmg law
fJ itm.iTf °i ,a 501110 ouier culling Jit!
inmom.il to the besy interests of tho citrVnd
that the unfortunate class who claim to bSrShi
nc-iOierscusonor honeetv
by olher part C le^“ tialS haVO bocu m
flTCrtwe’am'Sa n ib«i^, inS i a with
a b h Jd’i 1 to^e E S“ 0 S w” Vi S coarse
to .i-iinucot" or bird rS, nio<l
inch walls. Now,’ a lanr-lnSi w-or
heights wlimigo or taSr Sdw m'wShtht i™
to cruok 1110 briSc, bntat
'S5ftVi loA i l thn t the. brick beLro it
m.?, t H^i, 0 7 bu c 11 iiiual bb plain
isiut Ii tho wall ol any ibiclmoss in .iwvut vi .i
every sixth course, dt w!il cirry a fi
to tjio ClUsliinc* weirht bftfnrw <)ia
.inch parts scnnSS*
,It ffor« ro«f »mw W lav 'headers than sffir?‘
t’S?s^T d +i Wn^ /,y i lierG 13 as much mortar
sU oaders 35 lj °i‘"’efln twu
l orlhtsc tyro reasons it is beat to put onlv «V
luimy heading coiusos a* will i»rrvcut the four,
uich wall from bulging undor tho load, as fflt
ipeurcs the nmrimujn strength of the Vail, and
headers at everj other course’* could do no
mo™, and would increase tho cost of the wall
every course
J£® k ?i jGrs having less mortar between
uot as safe acaimt lire as at the stretchers. If h
tands for high, how will this answer do for Ui
Xtcspcctfolly yours. Jonx 21. Tax Osmll
—James Parton lectured in Boston last week
on "Who arc tho Vulgar 1 Sir. Barton claimed
to have visited the very hot-bed of vulgarity. He
attended the last .ball of tho Americas tEam
many) Club, and saw tho very cream of vnlgaritv
A strange assembly, marked by "bad grammar
and lino diamonds, white kids and Uittv paws
"WASHINGTON.
Frederick the Small —Alexis and
bar Folse.
Female SoHVage to be Sneaked In
Captain DeGroot'a New —The
Sdon of the Prophet, and
His Ladder*
From Our Own Correspondent.
j Wasihxgtox, Nov. 20.
Justice -Miller’s (Iowa) line daughter has
.married tlie handsome! and ready Colonel
Stocking, ojf the Bonded .Warehouses. The
Justice is thought, as things stand, to he the
next in succession for the Chief Justiceship;'
Speaker Blaine beheld his dxth infant for
the firstrtinjo a fortnight 'ago,‘and ‘acknowl
edged the implication. He has his doubts
about the now City Government of Wash
ington, because it has assessed him for a
new pavement.- 1
Mr. Orton, of the Telegraph Lines, is alert
about CreswelTe meditated recommendation
of postal telegraphy. Blaine and. Truinbull
both say it must come.; Orton is a man re
sembling Abdel Rader, with fine ox eyes ahd;
great hlahdincss _in explaining away obnox
ious 1 statistics/ Ho. bos' now a franking
privilege of his own as a means of retaining
his monopoly; but the law of ISC6 cooks his
goose so far os getting’ any exorbitant price
for his wires is concerned. They can bo,
bought for the price of arbitration, as the
company aeceptedtho terms and emoluments'
of, that act. The .Western Union Company:
is the closest monopoly on this continent,
and yet it holds no patent rights'and invents
nothing, except what may be called the Re
Morse .powers. Itr is a-monopoly of public
opinion, electricity, and audacity.
FREDERICK THE SMALL.
A goop deal of fuss is mhde about Presi
dent Grants son going to Europe with Gon-.
cral Sherman, on a ship-of-war. Ou such
small complaints as this, tho~Democraticr
party has always the
character of either a sound natiqnal. critic or
a magnaniinous opponent. The best,thing
the .President has done, in the. way of *ap
pomtmg relations to office, was 'to send hts
son to West Point;where hehimaelf got his
education, and nmplj* repaid tho country for.
it by his subsequent/ military>.services.:
United States ships frequently carry people
abroad/who, by- implication,., may do the
country g6od. Newspaper correspondents
have gone In this-way; tlic of the
army has ajright to go in this way, and ho
may take any companion ho pleases with:
him. Our'score of complaint against* the
hood of affairs is not -so much on the ground
of seeking, the trim dignities, of. his
place as ’of reducing dignity. A good
big* criticism is always in/order from
the opposition party; but* a thousand
small censures anect the inakot of' them
more than {he magistrate attacked. Wo are
properly making a good deal of generous ado
oyer the anivalpf a pou ofitlie Czar; in sim
ple and agreeable contrast to this Is the de
parture of Frederick Grant, in the company
of a Republican General, without the beat
ing of drums or any other fuss than these'
little animadversion: from people who do
not know how to beartistlcally-malicious,
WITH OCR RUB-A-DUB-DUB.
Ourrcaetion/or apparent.reaction, against
doing incxpensive honors to people in legiti-'
mate authority is hot honest" conviction, at
any rate, but merely tlie habit of qneriil
ousness.' AVhat is more beautiful,. for
instance, than to .readf of General An
derson’s death. off tho city of Nice; how
ho was carried ashore in form, by
nayal officers and marines, amidst tho
roUof muffled drums nod tho dropping of
draped standards, to-tho quiet Episcopal 1
chapel where the American invalids wor
ship,awhile theapeople of the place,stood un
covered, and felt m tho simple pageant a
more vivid perception of a nation proud of
its faithfuj officers Here also, in the, rccep-
tion of Alexis; is a- scene elevating to our na
ture and touching our patriotism; tho great
port-city of the-East waiting for days to
welcome the young boy; anxiety manifested
amongst the nigh and the' low, for fear that
his friendly voyage may have drawn tho
two great nations into a new bond* of sym
pathy deeper than congratulation; tho four
or live national vessels signalling the way
farers as onehyonethoypassHighland Light
and drop anchor in the glorious bay; the
quick interchange of roaring broadsides, like
the loud and instant. recognition of a
lion and his mate; the formal, yet easy,
tationa as the naval folks cross the-gnnwalo
and tho drums beat aloug thorwluto and ole
gant length of deck: tlie cityj several miles
away, sending down its murmurous cannon
ade; and then to note tho descendant of Pe
ter‘the Groat from that other Now- York
which arose from tho marshes of Finland, at
the will of a savage ancestor, whoso sonl-was
filled with tho* anticipation of civilization—
troadiug.the streets of a city which has just
been redeemed from barbarism by a demo
cratic will as strong as Peter’s, and Shr
bo counted outof tLo «oti“so£na
tionalitj and the means of government, even
under the simplest forms of societv
llie very Puritans understood tlie power of
it, and they were careful to organize their
ton us with military display as well as with
worship.. There is nomwe attbctTng d“ 7r‘p.
too—than that of the for
of tho Plymouth, of tho
West JUanctta. Tlioro was s town created
f t>} e Blno Noses and Nutmeg
fnr,'r,’r, y n nam ed in honor of an unfortunate
pray military manccnvres. j
TIIE OXK CITIZEN AND BTATOOTORY.
The other day,-wlien X-n-as in Xew Yrrk
iai i Di'rl S S f Dt t0 m witll the name of Capl
I U i utSr'i ,ot J lpou lEand It was followed
IS.? B,ur <b. broad-set, sailor-looking man
twtli an amiable face, not a very high fore
li cad, nud a propensity for amiable discourse'
wl o had evented
Pr J .'v Lred if* la t stunning group of statuary
nluch ornaments -the Vanderbilt
depot, j where the ConWdoro
enveloped |in an overcoat which must have
W head.?<| I fm, d f?I d doUar8 i 8 seen striding
11i?i““ from the rums of a freight car
w Inch has spilled •on 'every side anchors
f 1 I chains, railroad trucks, ami
(fcbdription of jnuk. DoGroot I soon
Van&llfC 6 1 a debt of° gratitmlo° to
i a 1 ULrl>l J l s or early employment in his
Ht^fkR aU IT. Ul i St, Ueut ,0 money In
hacl.com© to me to exhibit a
Fr'mkJm Kr i iafc 6^atuo °t
rrankJin which ho has just presented tu th*
eitj*. and incidentally to the newspapers It
is alrrady cast, and will be placed In
turn in front ox the Now York 1 P° 91
the anniversary of
sssria* aa&LSaft
with Ftor i ienicmSSf cn fnro 01d 'IW«SS
that of IhS" &v mU ka
thing will cost thirty thousand dellars It
originated, I have been told, with a job-nrim
f^ ui^u lf'® ons Square, who pouited
out of his window one day to the spot where
lleGiooj 10 l°slfnn Ud a d Baid ‘‘CaptalS
i 1 .snail never feel con-
Unit'd until j somebody nnta n
sintuo of Franklin right on? there''
oil i you want Uf ”sa'd DeGroot. “Do
r. l n i e T^?. p r -?5 OPIB 0 P lB "-ant it f Then
}on .lull Late it. w Be set to work of nn/>.«
5om C 'W? lifil the thiug, and there it will ho.
onu.bouj might to raise'a reaction anainst
setting up statuary in landscape parks. A
statue ought to be au evory-emy obioet
amougst the people, in the open strocm-a
pun oii the daily vista. The bran SJ2?
i 1 es of Frai ik I in, Morse, and others, which are
now being distributed to tbe Central Turk
are lost to the groat daily million; they faii
to be educators of the throughmmasses, and
have to he discovered, like antique mastor-
Pieees discntomlied from old palace-gardens.
It has been s:ud of the out-door statuarv of
hlorcnec. that, if collected in one half it
would make the best mediaival gallery of
sculpture in Europe. Butwho would collect
it, strip it from the streets, and huddle it in
t he confines of a corridor, while now it stands'
revealed in allthe atmospheric chances, out.
lined against the moonlight, vague intho
darkness, hoar and strong with exposure
audapanof thesociotyof thestreetsf
TUK BVT NOT THE ADJUNCTS.
Tho Ptarict Court of Washington took ad
vantage of my absence to make sv singular
decision on the subject of Woman Suffrage,
As nearly as X can get at.it, the court decides
that ono of the recent amendments to tho
united States Constitution did really give
females the right to vote: but that, having
foiled to supply the accessory legislation, the
nght cannot he earned out. This sbems to
be a little obscure. For example, tho amend
ment conferred suUrage upon, tho negroes in
tho Southern States, and made them citizens,
Now, cjm a Southern court deny citizenship
toAiriffins ou tho ground that, while fhc
constitution gives them the rights, the rights
go by default oceans* the accessory legisla
tion was not passed. A broad, ••bartered
right of this sort is in itself all legislation
both principal and accessory. This woman's
question has been handled by malo and fe
male demagogues almost from the start and
if anything ought to prejudice people’s minds
against tho .immediate acceptance
of it. it is tho fact that
it has not been made an honest issue. It has
not been candidly put forward, and left to
the operations of reason and examination
but is sought to be stolen in by the artifice
of defining a woman to have meant the
same as a male negro. An issue bat half
understood, seriously considered only bv
small minority, and jot .vast enough in‘its
application to double the number of voters
under tho government, can bo crowded iii br
no such course as this mere legal quibble
Many of our politicians are dfimagogiag on
the subject; a few think well of it after re
flection liut neither of thoso two classes
would hail, what is colled tho emancipation
of woman j accomplished by an implication
instead of by intention, wo would like to
see some better women, anyway, around tho
Capital, handline tho womon-Safirago mat
ter. I have chiefly seen on that errand girls,.
dressed in! peakedhhats and- a species of l
coachman's cloaks, stopping at- taverns mid
sitting in the public roomß,_their'. knees
against men's, whilst they opened up the
wrongs of their sox. f-
THE steam: JACOB'S LADDER FOR THE SAINTS.
John W. Young, son of, Brigham by hia
first wife, hud a native’ of Nauvoo, Illinois,
has been here for parts of two days, on busi
ness connected yrith his .narrow-gauge rail
road from Ogden City to' Soda Springs; in.:
Idaho, 120 miles lona. Its ultimate, .dcatina-.
tion.will ho eitherUelenii, *.in '.Montana, or
tho Colombia River. It is being prosecuted
with 1 all that energy which distinguishes tho
organized labor of Utah, —most oi tli6“labor
bemgpoid for in stock. Thirty miles of the
grading ore already accomplished, and the
road will ;be* finished-next'*spring. 'lt'is*
bonded for $12,000 per mile; and-the stock
will represent $15,000 per mile, or less than
two millions of dollars in all. Cars and en
dues have been ordered at- Wilmington,
Delaware. Each passenger car will cost
from §3,500 to SI,OOO, and each, locomotive
§O,OOO. Eadh 1, car will be thirty-six feet*
in/length; and hold forty-eight people,
sitting four abreast, upon thirty three inch
seats, bisected down the centre by a six
teen-mch aisle. The breadth dFthb car will
bo seven feet six inches. Tho road itself will
bo narrow! gauger three ftfet- wide, ‘and, if
carried on as far ns Helena,»it will be 250
miles in length.*: Tho earnest prosecution of*
this road has .already discouraged ,the par
tially surveyed Gentile railway from Evans-
ton northward into Idaho; and its ’comple
tion will probably^dispose of the Gentile'
townof Comime, Utah,"which at present l
owes almost* its' whole importances to the
stage lines which leave it»for the mining
camps and towns of Idaho and Montana. The
U tan Northern -Railroad, as it is called, leaves
Ocdou, passes by two stations to Brigham's
City, connects tho Mormon, settlements of'
Upper Utah; and' afc Cottonwood bonds
around to take the Red River,
and crosses the Idaho boundary between Rich
mond'and Franklin. It is said to passthrough
a canon fully as beautiful as Echo and! Weber,
and at Soda Springs it attains what will be-,
come the chief watering-place of tho Cen
tral Continents Here there are about fifty
springs strongly impregnated with-carbonic:
acid* bubbling up from tho surface of Bear
River, as wellas, from t tumuli and* conos-of
carbonate of soda.extending, over the plain.
Some of these cones, crcatcd'by centuries of
deposit from the mineral waters, have at
tained tho height of sixty feet. A loaf tum
bling into :tho< stream -which :recoives the
spring, becomes .coated or crystallized in
stantly: and tho.soda.has, in some places,
forth© distance of miles, covered
withu sort 1 of natural* bridge,' so that it alter
nately, appears and disappears. A commodi
ous hotel will go unjat this resort in tho
coiirse of tho.winter; The Pennsylvauia Rail
road coalition takes the bonds of tho road,
and furnishes a part of .the iron. and.apart;
of the rolling stock.
Brigham's scion.
John W. Young is perhaps the most cap a*
hie of Brigham’s sons; several of whom aro
quite clever. Hc.is .of a stable religions dis
position, and has spent considerable time in
Europe as a missionary in Sweden, Norway,
Denmark find Finland. I asked him. how
thcMormoh Church undertook to make con
verts in Scfindibavin without a linguist. Ho
replied that one Erastus Snow, an-. American
by birth, and one of tho.\ earliest* Mormons,
had protectee! the conversion of Scandina
via, and had! gone to Denmark and .learned
the language there, so that he Could preach
a little: and disseminate Mormon' publica
tions. This -Mr. Show has since accomplish
ed tlio successfuTcolonizntion of Southwest
ern Utah, iuvtho angle between Arizona and
Nevada, estahliahing.tho town of St. George
on redeemed acres formerly .'covered with
Glauber salts; apd the country around now
produces cotton, grapes and the products of
the, Mormons send ofit
with, their Scandinavian, '-German
and* other missionaries, native
American Mormons, bom in Utah, who ac
quire the language of the nations to he con
verted, and are thus serviceable to commu
nicate with them in Utah. How miraculous
is superstition organized by Yankce hands!
I asked John W. Young if Utah was not a
tamo country to him,'after rambling over the
best sceneries of Europe,—the Alps.t ho giant
mountains; &c.
“No,” he replied. “Indeed, Ithmkonx
Wahsatch! range,:a few miles below Salt
Lake City, is as strong as any part of the
Alps. There is nothing in Europe to mo like
the broad plains, seamed with, canons, and
edged afar off with brown mountains. The
mingling of strong tints and colors, the at
mospheric effects, the perfectly natural and
free look of everything, always .affected mo
more than any part of the world
This yoimgman has crossed the plains
fourteen* times in teams, being sometimes
four months on the way. Gath,
MISCELLANEOUS.
Vermont has over twenty houses which are
seventy-five yCars old, and one church built in
1767; 'j
“In one county In CalLfornia there Is an apiary
of two thousand boehiyee. The Californians have
been very successful in importing Italian bees,
•which have thus far proved to be the best honoy
mohera-_
flictedVithboard? dr
.ucted'witbi boarders with very extcnsivcTappe
titefl, seasoned tkeir hash with snuff; because ah©
had heard the article recommended as a certain
cure for consumption.”
—The young ladies of WaterviUe, Mo., having
recently organized an anti-tobacco society, tho
young men 61 tiat town have organized an anti
corset society.
-A wonqerfally rich "streak” has keen struck
at tho Gwln mine, Lower Kick Glitch, Calverns
County, Dll.; a piece of rock weighing two ounces
»»ft A MU yielding the assayer one honored and
sixty-six grains of gold. At this rate a ton would
yield *53,110.' Tho rock so; closely resembles the
slate 0/ which the walls of tho lead are composed
that it has heretofore booh taken oufond thrown
away with other debris from the mine.
—Norfolk, Conn., had an unquiet Sunday, last
week. While the bells wereringlng for church; a
construction train on the Connecticut Western
came thundering slong, much to the grief of
church-goers; and scarcely had divine service
commenced, whbn pastor and congregation were
astouned by a man rising and requesting permis
sion to speak for a moment, when, without wait
ing, ho launched out into an ‘harangue, advertis
ing A show to'bo given by himself on Monday
evening—" tickets fifty cents, children half price,
and the money refunded if any one Is dissatis
fied.”
—The Now York correspondent of the Boston
Journal says: For over fourteen years Puitou
Street Meeting has been run according to set
rules. Like those of the Medea and Persians
they were supposed to ho unalterable. A West
ern gentleman, who presided last week, gave the
mooting a genuine surprise. Ho ran it after the
manner of Shokargee, as he called it. He Brought
his friends with hiin aud distributed them in dif
ferent parts of -the room, and brought'his'choris
t ter \riUi him, who took thoainging into Ills 'own
hands. The leader preached a sermon of consid
erable length, and then called upon his friends
by name to speak or pray. The chorister sang
several solos, standing up for the performance,
and the other tunes were mainly those unknown
to' the Pulton Street Assembly. Though there
were several Clergymen present, the header dlsi
missed the congregation with a Western benedlo
don: ‘You arc dismissed.’ The wholeservlce
created a profound Impression,’not to say' Indig
nation." b
Laborers are scarce at, St. Johns, K. t., and
women arc employed ou the wharves to load and
unload vessels.
-Before hanging a man’in Louisiana they let
reporters for the newspapers Interview” him
for three weeks. The poor fellow Is then not only
willing, but anxious, to be hung.
r 01,io mml h s offered tho government
$50,000 for the privilege of advertising on tho
backs of the postage tamps, one year.
—The Oneida Community Is issuing tracts to
prove that It Is much A-Ore moral and estimable
than the hformons.
reUnc cnt 01 Parisian {legislation' has in
sunned a new system in the punishment of street
vagabonds and midnight brawlers, by the estab
lishment of nrst. second, and third-class cells.
The well-dressed rascal takes tho first, and his
rank and clothes are respected. Tho ordinary
catehot policemen in the course-of tho night—
petty larceny ani assault cases—will find a lodg
ing In class number two and number three will
be reserved only for the dangerous classes-mnr
derers, burglars, and cscaped'conviots.
~f r- Laakcster, of Loudon, in his report to the
Vcslp- of St. James’ Westminster, says; ”TUe
emall-pox_is now Slowly departing from the me
tropolis, after slaying c,K«“persons* and m.s.i. r
disflgnrmg and panpertzlßg ahont 100,000'mOTef
It most have cost the metropolis at least siod ooo'
a tenth part of which sum judiciously expended!
would have ent short this epidemic at its very
commencement.”
A coiTesppudeiit of the Vtira Jlcvaul,
who ia Interested in dairy matters, writes from
London ns follows: .“American cheese, this fall
l am happy to say,.is pnecllcn There is only a
Email quantity of Cheddar that can heat it. On
this trip I have been to Cheltenham,' Gloucester
Hereford and Swindon. I'sWri very, large
amount of American cheese. In fact It is to be
seen in abundance all through England. In Lon
don and its suburbs oYery grocer agtd butter deal
,er is full of our cheese; The price is so low; and it
is so much better In quality this year than It ever
has been, that they have all dealt freely in it, and
laid In all the stock they could raise.. One cheese
monger here in London, at tho ilrst news of the
Chicago fire, asked mo if I thbnght it would raise
tho price of choose much! If I thought it .would
ho should buy all ho could, oven though the price
had advanced a little. He was making a capital
thing out of what little ho had, which was idT nor
pound act-profit. Ho said, -I tell you it is a capi
tal choose; and if the Americans eoonlfkothis
thoy will have tho whole cheese market. But
sail, r like onr English cheese, you know.’
COUNTY LEGISLATION.
The last Session of the Board of
Supereisors;
Payment of Poormaaters—Eemuneration
of the Committees—'Treasurer's
Last Report.
Characteristic Resolutions, and Self
Laudations.
I MORNING SESSION.
The Board! of Supervisors came to order yester
day morning at id o’clock, .pursuant to adjourn
ment, Supervisor Waite in tho chair.
j vADJOtmwiiENT;
Supervisor King moved that the. adjournment
of tho hoard- be "sine die, which motion was
unanimously agreed to.
V’ ..:C“ POOR MOUSE BILLS.
The Committee on. Poor House and Paupers
recommended" the payment of the followin;
bills: Insane Asylum, 81,601.42; County Agent’s
pftico, $1,510.65; outdoor relief, $1,836.53.
CLARK STREET PAY EMENT.
Supervisor Pierce reported progress from the
Committee on Wooden Pavement, that the work
of-laying the pavement on Clark street had been
ordered to be discontinued.
ROADS AND BRIDGES.
Supervisor Mahlman* offered tho following;
JVukrkas, Tlicro were .destroyed by tho lire the re
ports of tho Committee on Hoads nun Bridges, recoin
mendlngccrtahr appropriation, toward the construe
tlon-01. roads and bridges in several towns of this
county, and adopted by the boardand,
Whereas, ;At tho time of said lln>, some of said
towns, sot having completed tho work, so na to cutitlo
them to an order from tho County Clerk on tho Treas
urer for said appropriation; and,
Whereas, It appears that the Clferk would not bo
justified in making tho onlcrs for tho several sums,
because ho has not reports nor tiles to refer to, as they
were all destroyed by lire; therefore
That upon tho certificate of tho Commit,
tco on Bonds and Bridges that the work is completed
to their satisfaction, ifie. Clerk bo Instructed .to draw,
on order on. tho Treasurer for the several sums as ap
propriated by tills board, as follows;
Kew.Tiler— SSOO appropriated toward tho construc
tion of a road across the Skoker, near the village of
Wlnetka, in said town. Report adoptedat March ses
sion. ■_
Niles—sPoo appropriated toward the erection of two
bridges across lb a North Branch at sloOcaciu Report
adopted at March session.
Bake View—s7so appropriated towajd the erection of
a bridge across the North Branch. Adopted at tho
March session. i-
Hyde Park—sl,ooo, appropriated.toward tlio erection
of abridge across tho Cainmet River la place of tho
so-called Dolton’s bridge ia said town. Adopted atrtUo
town session;
Kew Trier—?Soo, appropriated toward the construc
tion of a wooden bridge across the Stoker, near tho
village of Glencoe, In Bald town. Adopted at Junfc
session.
PaJi*a—s4oo.appropxlatod toward thomvetion of three
bridges in said town. Adopted at June session.
The resolutions’ were adopted.
GROSS* STATUTES.
Supervisor Humphrey moved that the Justices
of tho Peace; and Police Magistrates be furnished
•copics:of Gross’ statutes ontheirouler. Adopted.
FINANCE REPORT.
The Committee on Finance reported as follows
Gentlemen* |Your Committee on Finance'having
considered the recommitment of their report‘on tho
14th of I. ovember, return the same with the following
additions: 0
Statement of current account, Kov. 14—un
paid orders. 13,474.03
Unpaid bill* audited to date, and'eattmates
to December list..; 93.6C117
T0ta1...'.., UGjy
Deduct cash In Treasury this November l-l;
1571.
Current dobtl. §ui uq o 5
It will be seen by the foregoing statement that roar
committee have included the hut quarter of the fiscal
year ending November 30,1871. The expenses of this
quarter have been much increased by the tire. In tho
estimates of jour committee last June, they autlel-
Sated a balance in tho County Treasury on the Ist of
ccemhcr of $70,000; but tho unlooked-for expendi
tures of tlie current quarter have absorbed the antici
pated balance and produced a debt on enrrent account
of *91,110.25, as above stated. It may bo well to state
the fact lliat, under the rule of previous years, tho lust
quarter of the flscalyear would not have been audited
by the present board, but left for tho incoming Board
of County Commissioners. A compliance with
former custom would have shown au apparent
difference in current account of more than
$100,000: and .instead of Tan empty treasury on tho Ist
dayof December, 1871, there Would havo been several
thousand dollars to pass over to Mr. Hereford's sucees
sor. This board having audited the bills of the current
quarter to the present time, your committee deemed it
a duty which they owed to the board and the public to
antlcipato.the probable expenditures of the balance of
the fiscal year, and thereby show, as nearly as nossib’e
theetateof the connly tfnances on tho Ist ot Decem
ber. 1371. As before stated, tho indebtedness on cur
rent account is $91,110, but. to include all bills and
claims, your committee are disposed to add to that sum
and decide upon SIOO,OOO as the utmost limit of current
indebtedness.
Tne report was adopted.
SUPERVISORS* IJILLS. j
Tho Committee on. Miscellaneous Claims re
port* a as follows:
•jOkntxemex \onr Committee on Miscellaneous
Claims, to -whom was referred the several bills for
committee time ancTfor Overseers of the Poor, havin'*
Lad the samd under advisement, he? leave to report"
and recommend the payment of the following bills:
ii i
siTEimsoi S S Semarki.
E'
A1bert......1. .I 3 Jfi.oo
Almeiulingcr 2 4.00
SSESSS*:; i tV
B^Wmider 4024 33.00 Poormastcrandmia.*ciatm9’
Busse:
Caskey
Clark, Rolwrtj— 8 IG.CO Poor House and educatTon"

I
SunOTt 8 ioTOs p«wWbGua;rg."--
tSuS" 3 7 7 OMiiitai;
*4 'jO 30.00 As Poonu’aVter*
Giicmiier..... las 4 17,« Hosliit.il.
JS 1
f«£'±: SZSSS.***”**"-
l! ?5 3 G.OO Jmliciarr Committee
ijmh;: 52 PW'-Uousc ft lywmastcr.
MnLlman..
Mnhr..
McCaffrey
O’Connelf.
Olilendorf
£w5 on- s:w AMobnuffinis;

SiSil™ 8-
Ward" 21 K.coj^Jail ana Poormnstcr.
Ss*' 'i'
7 H-OolßulWin* Committee.
5. lo.ooj Finance and tmlldlng. I
tVrtjrht.llMtllj.*" *!‘*’r’***’*
I-... 75 7o.oo.Poormasti*p. I
rs.ooj:
Jpoorraaster.
Tl?«? !?i D i CUBBlon u P° n tu report,
bni onw?£fJ? di cd The' Chair thought his
as Dot extortionate. .He fiud-uo
conpch-ntlous 1 scruples.
ni!li I Il !V r l sur Waterman thought the report, if
be a disgrace to the hoard.Just
talV?. ÜBgolu out The hills for JEW-master*
were heavy and unprecedented.
fiupcrriaor.Pierce, though burned out, was
willing to present Ida services to the poor and to
the county m ’this cicerg *ncy.
Supervisor 'Gray- thought it a “mean little
county grab.”
Supervisor Gage wanted to ha psUd.
tL L v to3how
1 l il!f t r \i eo rKeh°eaaid if the county did uot pay
bis bill, Hie town bad audited It and would nav-~
fcet atClU nt l^Ut Baousßi Supervisi*r KJug to his
inSSSSJUS®^ I 0^1 to strike outtU.-
aJc| l e a^Ta'lK^ u C r tion 7 n, WU u<
r,,n„ as^£ l I{ °hert Clark, D. Vv', dark C-.h*
P ,s \u. ])ix«n, Kiomons, rrcine Onii,» *i,-,,.
n'rS^pSr l o r i lui V l>,ire r K e“?h. CMcfaftYcr. Pr.hi’
"vSni/Sl T
x^ft V^' BO r. l^ ul 1 r Harm*. King.Kntt Irkcli
Ohlcndorf. Stephen*-!*. T
nottoUug—. Albert; Aimcndln-.T Bue-sou
lerg. Bowen. Bin-s.*, Caskey. 1L i; n a ,k-
O^oLn^lV UC srh 1 aT VI’ I^iakiU,| l'. Boiiand* Mahr|
'V.ru^w,
Claims re-
I hS’w 1 l,em allowance ul tlte, members
J,-, h l' ort was adopted. I
ulit* board tlicu took a recess till 2 o’clock.
m, n AFTERNOON SESSION-.'
cupboard cniiio to order at o’cloolr, pur-nant
toiuljouromct. -Mr. Waite in the chair. 1
lixo CJurk wanted tlic members whose I’oor
lh?bnani a lfl) VilUe< b d bec <*“t OIT by a vote of
SfL?°« tol *U H}rt hOT 7 much UifTeronoi tills
proceeding mmio iu the gum asked for.
c- _ _. nA Hrri t Oli THE .I.ULEi:.'
.fruper visor Tech reported a bill of nreeen*.
The SEfiSlS'tll. lol
lowing supplementary report; 01
T ahout >t hecomn 055. i, wai'
Oraud total anility drbi Deo. J, Kfol""'"
Tli Ueht ou caiTenl aueouut Dec. l, 1571
Seven itr cent order dcht
Tii.mU-C htht.; 40u,f>DO
fJrnn'i} l.<ial countv debVl»Vc.*i Yen" r’ R^ Cv}
TrflucUou hi the countydebtfot >,4W
tbciiacul year; Ending Dec. i; l“i.
n r ooiujniitco would further*r*?nort- +7.n*J,:,
The reporttwas adopted.-i.
asp
m™i m m™.mv;and Cottutr u M lcr si«frlal. engage
in.lll Lie around hi* V v eB bis
Ptrlne carp ttlV beud to abut out truju Ills os
(he'wilt'nr,,??i f l we likewise; J-hm onr face to
tiw Aid J?S.?£ l oni f n rH--v titles, cinolumtatd, du-
by by. :md used, at- the
onrsuccoesors in oOlce, with the houo
dishonor their Ami thu-*.
traditional dying swan our own re.
linen,, y, o- bul each oilier »last oud fond farewell.
HIE LAST OP Tire SI-TKKVISOnS.-
iue resolution -tvas received with loudrtp
aud passed by a unanimous rote;
-the Supervisors then embraced each other ten
derly. and accepted the invitation of Mr. Ciio
dele to drink their funeral glasses ou Randolph
street.
ITnJnfel Adrnncc *u‘Frclghl Charge*#
To (he Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir: Asia thoenso of lumber, brick, and other
building materials, where the demand is actually
ia excels of the available supply, a reasonable)
and moderate advnnco in prico cannot, really, be
regarded as nnjnst, or unfriendly to the reaosci
tatlon of Chicago. But every attempt by lad—
vidual or corporate monopolists to take amino
advantage of our dire necessities in exacting un
warranted. advances in prices, should be promptly
exposed and frowned down; and the perpetra
tors ‘.‘spotted" for future consideration. Wo
deeply regard the necessity for mentioning what
seems to be a Just complaint against the Milwaukee
St, Paul Ballway Company, for making an ad
vance of 25 per cent in their rates for lime from
Pe waukcc.; The tariff over their road, a distance
of nineteen, miles. Is nowjust half the amount
charged by the Chicago* Northwestern Company
for s distance of clghty-tlvc miles over their road,
the latter company furnishing the cars at that
The close of navigation must havo materially di
minished the freighting business over that road,
and wo can see ho good reason for the ad vane a
Tho largo quantity and superior quality, of the
lime manufactured at that ploce render Powau
keoono of our chief sources of supplv, and an
attempt to place a prohibitory tar ill on that
tralh&is-greatly to be deplored. c
THE LAW COURTS.
Arraignment -.of Prisoners for
Trial in the Criuijnal
Court.
Ten Years for a Confidence Man— A
Judgment Eeyersed.
GRTMTTTAT. COURT.
PRISONERS TRIED.
The policeman Charles E.-Chapin, charged
with malicious shooting at a water carrier, who
did not move'from a city;railroad; track quick
enough to suit him, wished to give, boil for. his
personal presence. The-policeman shot tho
driver in tho leg. The driver stopped his wagon,
went hack,- hammered the policeman, ahd took
his revolver from .him., Two successive grand
Juries have recommended the suspension of tho
man Chapin until after..his trial, basing action
upon tho weight, of the direct testimony against
him.
—The confidence man, William Corbett, whoso
case was stated yesterday as on trial before this
court, was found guilty, and by the Jury re-,
quested to be sent to the Penitentiary for ten
.years.. The testimony tended to prove that Cor
\bett took -in a Canadian by the name of Hockey,
who was on his way to Kansas to invest two hun
dred dollars in land for the benefit of his chil
dren..-'.
—Tho Supreme Court having reversed the judg
ment of this court In tho matter of the indictment
for larceny against William Zschocke,who was
one of theCoustablesot Chicago oroC Cook County
at the time oMilS'lndictment, and who had, bo-*'’
fore that conviction, pleaded guilty of forgery*
and had sentence suspended by reason of his iU
ncalth, the indictment for larceny was not. pros'd
—Gcorce arid Arina A. Adams, jointly indicted
for tho larceny of about 8200 worth .of clothes
from Thomas Lynch, were, upon their own re
quest, produced in court to plead. The man'
pleaded guilty, and then the woman Interposed
the woman’s rights plea, tlrat she was duly mar
ried in a Methodist church by a minister of tho
Gospel, at Prairie du Chlcn, Wis. Under tho
common Jaw the husband will resolve himself
into tribulation to answer for his and his spouse’s
sin. She was realesed because ho and she sworo
to the wedding, which, according to the affidavit
which they jointly made, they were married about
two years ago
—Toby Allen was charged with and tried upon
a charge of stealing a trunk and six pairs of
boots, the property of one Isaac Abrahams. Tho
Jury recommended his lodgment at Joliet during
live years.
.1 $20,000.00
—Thomas Gaynor, for larceny, in breaking open,
the safe of S. S. ’Whitney Co., whence he-took
the valuables, just after the lire, was found guilty
and assigned a residence in the Penitentiary for
seven years.
—John Bums was founi guilty of tho larceny
of aST coat, the property of a laborer (John Mi
chaels) in a lumberyard. He was remanded un
til judgment day.
—Joseph Basil and Thomas Quirk were produced
for trial upon two indictments for larceny. They
bad a companion in the act. but he is on bail,
wherefore he was not not tried. They pleaded
guilty of stealing a twenty dollar coat, and a
horse and wagon, claiming to be under ago to bo
sent-to the Penitentiary. As to their guilt, tho
idea was received; as to their age they havo loavo
tubring in proof. Quirk is the brother of ono
who is or lately was in the pcuetentlary for rob
bery. Bush claimed that his parents, who alono
can testify as to his ago are nxma their certain
death beds.
SUPERIOR COURT.
An action of assumpsit was instituted br Ed
win F. Pulalfer against JosiaU L, Lombard, by
which demand is made for SII,OOO.
An action of assumpsit was commenced by Joel
Ellis against Miles Mimsou and Richard Rhodes,
to aid which a writ of attachment issued upon
the ordinary allegation that defendants are about
to make such disposition of their property as will
hinder and dblny creditors, Plamtlu claims aa
indebtedness of $2,218.
CIRCUIT COURT,
JUDGMENT^
Judgment was rendered in favor, of Edward
Lecduzu against I>. F. Bay, J. Faulkner,
George 11. Ward, and James Lcedom, f0r51, 831.22.
MECHANICS* LIEN.
Petition -was yesterday tiled by John Sharp to
declare ami enforce a mechanics’ lion in favor of
Eetillouer, against Frederick C. Reynolds, on
ot 10, Block 37,'Assessors’ Division of the north*
—x o,rti uu aa, ix.
REAXj estate,
Instruments Filed .for Record on Friday,
Nov. 2d.
CTTV PROPEBTT.
3U>t 27, in Block 13 of David S. Leo’s Addition
dated Nov. 14; consideration, SCJO.
Lot 10, in Hull's Subdivision of Lots 71 and 75, in
Butterfield’s Addition, dated Xov. 22; consider i
tion,s4oo.
Indiana av, between OmarandThirty-ninth sts,
e f, 125x125 ft; also 20 acres in u.w cor of Section
80,88, it, dated Noy. 22; consideration, $80,500.
Undividedl-2 of 17 acres, also undivided -1 ic-ioo
acres In w 1-2 of no l-t Section C, 80, it, dated
Nov, 10; consideration, $25,000.
5 l-a acres in w 1-2 ne 1-4 Section 0,30,14, dated
March 7; consideration, SIB,OOO.
Cainmec uv. between Twenty-third and Tweatv
fourth sts, w.f, 25x187 ft, dated. N’ov. 24; consider
ation, $11.500.
Lot 53, in Block 7, in Hamburg,” dated Nov
-24; consideration. $450. ,uv
Dashlellst; between Thirty-third and Thlrtv
fiflh sts, wf, 55x127 2-8 ft, dated
eration, $1,200.
Waller st. between Maxwell and Mitchell sts. w
U dated Sept .22; consideration. S7OO.
(.olfiiX et, *5 e corof Chittenden av, w f, 100x153
ft. dated field. 11consideration, $0420.
Madison st.COtt e of Morgan st, a f, 23x100.
dated buv. 1j; consideration, £IO,OOO.
Foitrtb av, 825 ft sof Taylor st, wf. fr
with-buUdlii*.. dated April 2d; consideration.
?3,<oU.
Bt>f 38 of Bub Stuck 8, of Souvenirs w i-** Blijok
8, fivetinn 33. yy. M. with buildings, dated slvi.
consideration, $2,500. A J
‘SOUTH OF CITY LIMITS.
Lots 3 and iin Block lot Pryur Ilopkia*
Mibdivisifii of w 1-2 of u w 1-1 Soo 3 -w a
do led Sept. 12;. ciuwdcraliou SIO,OOO.
‘1 1 r 2 ?f ml 24 iu Block 1 of Pryor &Hoa
t"VuX l ir Vl iuu t t I 2n v W dec. 3,39, 14, dt
ted Jun. 10; consideration 916JkW.
couth Park av Isox 135 rt lieiiiif In 11 o u a,..
10,98, 24>dated Kur. 22; consideration. #10,00.1, W
JH-Irucive Fire at Kit 'vnnaa. Col.
CollceiionOeiice ot The Chlcasu TriOuiie.
Kit Cabsos. OoL. Xot.it.
A.flre broke out lure about Bovku-i; tins taora
-1I!K. util frurber plioyi ailjuiuiej: one o£ the
luil hotels, Ibe Terry-lluiuo, nbiei: was sltuab.it
:ii a solid block ot frame buildings. A strong
wiml was blowing froiA the-north. Tbi> increased
with Uic fin-, until it became a terrliio gate,
ami in less than an bout the entire Meek
tpnsisnug ot, sfivcral dry goods ami gon.njl
stores, the Terry House, r«s; OOlec, f.vj billiard
1,1 private dwolliui-,
uas entirely consumed. floods of overv dese*7r'
r’irr'm- I ,w ,1 l u ”o’ ai (l bworythins- movuhlo, v.-«ro
th, i sln c ts m thl greatest haste amt
“bd- wery either burned-or blowm.
i i Alinost liullmi*,*- was saved from t'it>
Un> 1-tetOlUee records aun
f r ','V r A l oil iTitaars worth of stamps were.
v a, u,st finperhumau-chore*, tbw
railroad bmldiml*s and emmmssinu h<m'*c*wen>
wyj} o7 Perfectly deluged for half as.
J)Ul.‘TVJtli Sparks. c-o.tlft, aiAil■ flr.-brri-iiTr- Tko
fhfo I?^ r a: V I froi r Uf or the Kansas Pat
nl- i t ll, oa l CJUl fe’ il Urn at least time-;.
n i‘ 5 t by the ’nnkst persretouc esi/.
labors of Mr. S. K- Ain.-dxe, ‘a;e»i
road;" mulr- a number it x*-
bUants, CiimpiHid.witli .Babcock's Fire Kartum
]V J r£!?/ b, S? r etj vXc Without tlii>o oxtiasuishev*
£«Vi rf,J V*' biddings and the wuoloaalo pi or.-.:,
ana couualssiouhouees, contnluiDgovem milLou
of good-s, would certainly have*
uuriieii. un<l, witixtlitser almost the whole br th"*
rest of the town.
The loea»is at fluo.ooo, with no In
*l. nc peculiarly exposed condition ct
wiHtpnrtloii'af -thQ town;, with tho absecuu* r,z
facilities for: extinguishing fire, ha vine caused :u
--surnmo companies to refuse to insure. ThoAuier-
Joan Hotel—oue of the principal hotels'in towr
a s^aved by ihogrcuieat exertion. Duiingtna
trp. Mr. Conners, tho proprietor, oilerod to .-‘■‘J.
out for 525.CX>. Immediately after the Arc. Ic*
■would not have taken $20,000 for his establish-
uifint. large quantities of furniture, and other*
poods, were burned throughout the southern part
of the town, which were token into the streets
from buiTdrars that it was believed would barn,
bu* which did not.' Tire, smoko and dust almost
blinded erervone. nnd tho .wind blew with such
terrific fury as to make it almost impos-iblo it?
withstand it.
Many persons lost every dollar’s worth of thoir'.
possessions, with their only resources for a living
and much sulTerlofif. will .bo tho result. Not more*
tbau half the peoplein town. were, out of bed whea
the lire coimnauccd,njidso rapid was tUo praaresa
that, mauybarelyescaped, clothed, £ro»a
tho burning building*, with their lives. a
r liEO. IL IIIODOV.. i
~Ta Isuss:;t tha
.tho'professtoii
iocctourod., IHie medical Xaoulir of Moscow have.
decided that It would- he'of- fspeoL-il htiUtr ta
wpmoaU. iw allowed'tlio privilege of acquit-
thorough medical knowledge nt the -highir ruodT
col schools, and of afterward
let or hindrance, and that
taoriz d to tahe part together with tha
male students, in the classes and locßtrea of tha
tottte Medko-CUrntslcal
Academy. It ia considered advisable, however,
the knowi* upon their university career,
whh ?hir lg bC acquirea aiionld-bo identical
with that possessed by mala students. Steps
have already becatakca to carry ouTthophui.
ASSUMPSIT.
ATTACnMKNT,