4
|fye |rilmiw.
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 4, 1871.
UNION NOMINATIONS.
*'ire.Prool Ticfcri for CilT n«d C«wr
Officer*.
viSSSSSS’”'
Conniy C'onMUW'iMiT*.
MancrtTalcott.
N* i farter 11. Harri-on,
Jrv-cj'h llrfrri'.
k Thoe. l4ii*e-TKa«.
V L!, T Julia- White,
T*, John Hciilng.
1 i‘, ttS’ Samuel Ashiou.
J. U i .uilm.ia. Koellft
Ciir Officer*.
US fete
w. 11. SUckncy.
Aldermen.
Ward*.
,-T TVvr. n 11. Hcuty
1
V -.rii. 1 IX George W. Sherwood.
V'ii°MrU..v It EnaCkwtaiHt
\},.}y i:.. J. Vant Wood.
V: V.‘..irtrk’ IX TUo*. Stout.
I- 17. o.Mutschlechnor.
.IS. own McCarthy.
v 19. Mahlon 1). Ogdon.
‘J*. LamUrt-nvc.
C'oii«iablr«i*
Want
12. Wilson.
U. Martin MfCuutV
i:>. U. r. (.■hriMlau
ib. John 11. Itoberl-*.
17. l»uL-> MVrcki.
Thomas McMahon.
I**. N. M. riotko.
MichaelMucanlcy.
W..M.
I. 'ill imr.s
--v. r. Viivl ir.fi.
A .1 JtlfHlrrt.
r.‘ O MrUan.
T>
7 .1 iniD
Bunlrv Hi-mlns.
wrv.i.on
V.»
Town Office*
N..nli >i<s<—M B- Wah»h.
south Milo—John W. Trtj'JH'U.
W.m M.h-JH-nry l*ihmm.
1 North shli-—lVt«-r Malir.
-..nth sl»Ji— U. LfM-weutli.il.
,v w.m sj<h*—M. M.Mlll/r.
i.. ai S.„ih Mil*'—John J. Ilf*!?-
I v.il.rt'-r
o> «TAIt-C II.VJIBEIt I‘RO.
f.f ili.> .l.'-i.l-lio-it
r.ti' di-noun.-inl tlif I'iiumi ticket .•’J it star-
I’bvuber" proceeding. and Mr. Holden pro
poses to smash all Star Chambers. The
nineteen-’hav.-a monopoly of that busi
n(.„s Tlii- Star-Chamber” allegation is
that*the I'nioii tieh.-t was irregularlynoml
uatrd. n»» delegate- having W-en elected for
.♦hat purpoM*. Admitting. for the sake of ar
»nimc-nt, that'tlii- i- mw. "’ho nominated the
Holden ticket There was not a delegate re
•dly elected by the people to either conven
tion. A few persons iu some wards met in a
saloon, made out a list of ward hammers, de
rbml them delegates, and of men thus ap
<s,iii}e«l both conventions were composed.
The delegare- ivpres.,-nt*d no body hut them
f-clve?. Delegate eonventions. when chosen
l.v political panics, have hut one power,
-md that 5> to nominate ,*i
party ticket. A IJepuldieau Convention has
to authority to concede any otlieo to the
other party. A Democratic Convention
which concede- any offices to the othor
party exceeds its delegated powers, and to
that extent sells out its party to the opposi
tion. The same with the Kepublieftu Con
vention. AVlini the so-called Tlepuhlicau
Convention conceded that the Mayor of
Chicago should he a Democrat, and he
.♦•elected hy the Democrats, it censed to
*h c a Kepublican Convention, and its actsliad
no binding force upon an 3* person. This
Itepuhlican Convention has nominated a
Democratic Mayor, a Democratic City Attor
ney. a D. inoeniiir Collector of Taxes, and
Democratic Police Magistrates. Judges, and
County Commissioners*, the candidates being
t-clccted by the so-called Democratic Convcn
2ion. It still claims that all Bepublieans
must support the nominees of the Democratic
Convention, and denounce* the action of the
iTnion Committee as invgnlar.
Tiiel'nion tiek. t was not nominated by
tmy brsK of m-n elaiinhig authority to bind
political parties. Tin* Imuioeratic and Ke
publican CoinmiMees voted. separately, mu
lo rail pmy emm ntsms. Ilavingdinie this,
j„ the great saiisfaction of ••very honest cili
'.■••n of CMicago. theeoinmittecs jointly agreed
in a ie< omiiteiidatioti that the jwople should
f leet rtoin persons suggested by them as
i undid nes lor ihe offices designated. There
w;i- no i-Chamber proce.-dhig. It was
no al'r-npl to bind either Jb-publicans or
Oi’iDoci.trs. On tliee.mtniry.it was express-
Iv d<-d m.-d remove everything like party
♦lietat'en, having every man free to vote for
.„od. lamesi nil'll for office, whose election
wu!d :»id the credii of the city in all parts
„f the v •‘•t'.d. The “Star-Chamber"proeeed
iv.2. then tele, was .merely recommendation,
j Jio-e making it disclaiming any authority to
bind any man by any allegiance to vole for
any person,
The iv»v; thin" urged by these nnscrupu-
thmagugm** iHihsil the Union ticket is
tin* r:t-1 1 man’* ticket. while the Uohlen-
Alo-dgono >-Ihmi-aTid-r.mid ticket is the
IsitMtress tiekei. (Imago ha* to purchase,
with nv:*'»*-y m* on vrvdit. during the next
J.»m- yo.tr-. >jritM*K».ooo of materials of nil
kind* to it build the city. Our people will
have to 0.-ivow stfvu.uud.ooo with which to
pay wag** to mechanics and other workmen.
r J lie mon*-t to pun-lm-o material and to pay
v.aaes ur.'-l obtained from such persons
jjl*:ond ;ik can bv inspired with confidence
that the property which is to he Imilt with
their mon. y will no! he consumed hy a dis
honest city government, such ns has existed*
in Chicago. The disrepute of our Common
Connell is a- notorious in all parts of the
country a- that of New York. Will confi
dence hr* in-pired hy electing the Chair
man of il>.M Common Council Mayor of the
i-ii>. in tin* face of his notorious
record on {lie Walker lot frauds Will any
body lend money on naked lots'in a city gov
i :rd hy the dead-heats and public plunderers
w ho tpivo di>grne«*d Chicago and robbed the
Treasury during the Inst four years
'Hie Union ticket is eomimsed of men
who*e elect ion will inspire tho confidence
that is net t—ary to enable our people to bor
u.w llie* capital with which lo rebuild. Chica
go. Whoet or expects employment as a me
chanic or workingman is personally interest
ed hi electing a city government of such
well-known personal character as will invite
:md not repel tin* loan of money needed to
rebuild the city.
We beg to remind Mr. TMdft. while he is
talking k> glibly alnmt Star-Chamber pro
ne dings. that heVnpported a Star-Chamber
ticket,*’ which wa*cleetcd two year* ago. and
•gloried much in bis action at that time, and
i ejoiced greatly at the success of said Star-
Chamber ticket.
nOI.DEX 016 lIOIiDIIVO?
It would be worth while to have a chance
MJthorizcd, at the next session of the Legis
lature .in the orthography of the name of the
.Hidden family. This should manifestly be
.ffofding, with the prefix office attached, as a
M'»rt of patronymic; for the family is holding
r»n uncommon number of offices. Mr. Judd,
an his speech on Thursday evening, showed
that errm of the family have held,
zmiong them. thirteen different offices of
zi local character during the past year,
't his when the head of the family, C. C. P,,
had only attained] the grade of Alderman:
jCow be proposes to ho Mayor; and the prob
lem, a simple one, in the rule of proportion,
i'.ihis: if thellolden family arc holdingthir
iec u offices when the head Holden is holding
n eeat in the Connell, how many offices will
ihe Holdens l>o holding when the head Hold*
n is holding tho Mayoralty T Answer nest
'l’nesday.
Tb£ mob of soreheads which nominated
Ihe Fen)inland Wonderful ticket at Jack
f-on Hall iytd n0 no*® a
convention 01 fbe BcpnUican .md Demo
cratic parties tbaC an othpr rromiscnoiis
mol) wbirh Mr. JacksC n “‘P l l lot lnto 18
hall. Tho only plea whC* th tnelld,i
■jhpt ticket can inve for it n? lO
character (if any) of its mcmbolßv How do
♦he sorehead candidates stand when judged
)>v that test? Is the man named Harms pref
erable as the keeper of tho county’s finances,
■to so honorable a citizen ns Julian 8. Bum
wv? is the unknown Atwood, who proposes
to*swoop down (from somewhere in Wiscon
sin. it is said.) upon the bench,likely to prove
n better jurist than Judge Jameson,
whom the memoers of tho bar unani
monsly favor! Is the gentleman
name so much more promising as a
i:iiv .urerthnn David A. Gage that we
can alloi' to pay him SIM.OM mere for bis
two ve-a-1- ~rvi,o than Mr. Gage v HI charge!
Arc tl*o miscellane -ui> McCuos, Plo.tkoa,
Tctciueand Hohlander* of *M, old Board U
Supcrvisorsmore trustworthy public servant*
than Carter 11. Harrison, M. C. Stearns, l
MahlouD. Ogden, Christian Wahl,-and tho
other well-known citizens who make up the
Fire-Proof ticket It may be that there is a
citizen left in Chicago 60 obtuse as not to bo
able to see the superiority of the last named
group; but if there be such a one, his intel
lectual faculties arc among the most worth*
lesslobe found in this afflicted city.
the Matter of a congkehhiian
It is well enough for electors to remember,
amid all our local distractions, that there is
to bo chosen on Tuesday next a member of
Gongross-at-Largo.for the .State of Illinois,and
that it is tho duty of citizens to express at
tho hallot-box their preference as between
the diflerent candidates. Those arc General
J. lu Beveridge for the Republicans, and
Hon. S. S. ITuyos for tho Democrats. Both
gentlemen are residents of Cook-County, and
both are men of unblemished personal .repute,
t>o that tho main ground v of preference
between them is political. Although the
calamiiyto Chicago has overwhelmed all polit
ical considerations, so far as local administra
tion is conceded, it does not change the rela
tions of the political parties in the nation,
nor relieve Republicans and Democrats from
any of their duties as citizens. The same
reasons exist which existed before the lire
for sending to Congress sound representatives
of Republican principles. General Beveridge
is not only such a representative, but he has
been devoting his time and energies, during
the campaign, to making an active and
efficient canvass for the Republican cause.
He should he rewarded with a full vote from
tho Republicans of Chicago next Tuesday.
It is expected that all good Republicans
will turnout, on that day. to vole for the
Fire-Proof ticket, and none of them should
neglect to cast their suffrage for General
Beveridge also. The printed ballots will
enable each man to vote for tho Congres
sional nominee of his choice. The Democrats
will take pains to get out their full vole, and
the Republicans should not do less. If for
no other reason. ilia essential that Illinois
flionld make a handsome political record this
fall for the effect which it will have upon the
important elections of next year. .Let us
pvt* General Beveridge a rousing 10,000 ma
jority.
COOP TUI AC FltOM .HI I. WAT
KEK.
Some of our friends” and neighbors arc
getting a little too solicitous about the future
of Chicago. Milwaukee, for instance, not
content with her proposed cable to.Grand
Haven a* a means of heading off Chicago’s
trade for all future time, is making (at least
some of her journals are making! desperate
efforts to depreciate the credit of our city and
onr merchant**. Iu the way of neighborly
kindnessM’or a trieud in aillictmn, you know.)
the .Scrib'ntf slates the debt of our city at
$20,00>,000. whereas, minus assets convcrtibh
it is only about or less than quarter
pro roin. that of Milwaukee. From this it de-
duces in the mo-t logical way. and in deitancc
of market ouotulion-. that the holders ol
our bonds are getting “ner-
fo tho value of -salil
soeuriiu>." in tho same coiutous spirit the
Milwaukee -heel eouvey-* to it?- readers the
impression that tin; f'hioauo merchants are
all bankrupt, aud that Kiisicm dealers will
mil he likely to take any more ri-ks with the
same class of moil." whereas all our ivspeeta
lile merchants. so far a? ‘heard from, are pay-
vous as
ine one humlrul eeuU o» the dollar, and most of
them settling all demands at fuaivrUy. Take,
for instance, the dry goods house of Field,
Letter Co., who lost more than all the dry
•roods Jobbers of Milwaukee have sold in
three years, and who, nevertheless, are pay-
Ip every cent they owe as fast as it conics
due. Take the. leading house* in the clothing
and other similar lim There are at least
enough of them solvent to sell more good* in
a month than Milwaukee can tell or
ship in a year. Thai tells the story of
competition fnnn such towns more
plainly than any general statements, and
much more truly than the innuendoes which,
in the way of sympathy, are thrown out by
the A-utiueJ. The traders of the Northwest
will become aware of these facts sooner or
later, and will act accordingly: hence those
active rivals who.’’ as the f>iHtiu(l tells its.
••are already in the field lo fakeadvantago of
a calamity which they deplore." but which
they would aggravate all they can by libel-
ling our credit, had belter withdraw their en
ergies from tins peculiar line of effort and de
vote them anew to the cable under Lake
Michigan.
The writer of the Parsec M letter* in the
Now York IforM has been making an estimate
of the amount by which the so-called pro
toetivc laritf has enhanced the damage
caused by the Chicago tire. Tic places the
sum ns follows upon the articles named:
On Iron
On linnWr
On window glass, paint, puny, varul.-li.
stove-. d(K»r-latches
On eans-iimr
On furniture...:
On crockery and glassware
On bedding and blanket-
On clothes and clothing
Total
These sums have Wn arrived at by a care
ful and Intelligent series of computations,
founded on the amount of the articles named
necessary to place Chicago where she was I*c-
foie the tiro, and the am’ount of tax assessed
on the*© articles for the benefit of certain
manufacturers (and of course lo the damage
of all consumers!.
A largo amount of tho property stolon by
tho local thieve*, on the night of tho tire, has
boon recovered hy tin* ollieers of tho law; the
most of that which the stockholders of cer
tain wealthy insurance companies have at
tempted to get away with, w ill also ho forced
from them: but the.-e thirty-one millions
which the iron-masters and a few others are
preparing to tilch out of our misfortunes, will
not be recovered unless the laritl rs materially
altered at the very earliest opportunity. An
adjustment of duties to the uses of revenue,
and a withdrawal of the wrongful levies now
imposed upon the people generally, for the
benefit of a few manufacturers, would be the
most appropriate “relief” measure which
Congress could adopt.
Boston is anxious to takvsomeof our Chi
cago elevators oft* our hands, and promises to
carry on the business of holding and storing
grain three or four per cent -per annum cheap
er than Chicago can do It. The proposition—
expressed tlmmghrthc AJrcrli*ir. in an elabo
rate article—is creditable to Boston, but we
cannot entertain it at present, owing to
existing arrangements to supply New York,
l.ivcrpool, Montreal, and other Ka.stem and
European ports from our elevators.—and
houndeD, as we feel, to the farmers of the
West to market their grain at the seaboard
as promptly and profitably as possi
ble. This last we could not assure
them were we to transfer the trade to Boston
and depend upon her railroads alone as out
lets. Nevertheless, we will give Boston any
thing she wants that wo can spare: would
like to ship her a round lot of one hundred
political hummers, warranted active and of
good appetite. But Boston has been so good
to us in our calamity that we cannot think of
inflicting the “nineteen” upon her. We
will keep them ourselves till next Tuesday,
and then send them up Salt River.
A clergyman at Amherst. Mass., recently
preached a sermon on the Chicago fire.in which
he wild that the name of the boy who car
ried the kerosene lantvrn into the cow stable
was written in Heaven, thousands of years
ago. as the appointed agent for the destruc
tion of the city; and thereupon pointed the
moral for his people by advising them to
smash their kerosene lamps. Tho effect of
the clergyman's lesion will not be improved
when his parishioners coroe to learn that the
worthy old couple who owned the cow stable
make affidavit that the cow was milked be
fore dark, and that no kerosene lamp was
carried into tho stable at all; that they lost
their own property by the fire, and that it
was not insured. There has been a great deal
of loose talk from the pulpit in regard to the
Chicago fire, and a very manifest disposition
to charge to God’s providence what is clearly
attributable to man’s folly. It is a poor com
pliment to Providence, to say tho least.
There is a war cloud in the Southern hori
zon. While the nation’s attention was dis
tracted by tho Chicago conflagration, viz.,
on the 15th ultimo, the Spanish man-of-war
Tornado dropped into the harbor of Aspin
wall foi tho purpose of capturing the Ameri
can stcanur Virginias as a pirate. The acts
deemed piiaticaJ a:e said to have been com
mitted while tho vessel was in the hinds of
Cphara. At all evonts. Hnriburt,
our Minister at Bogota, directed the Ameri
can Consul at Aapinwall to warn the Span
iard jDgninst .molesting the Virginias, and to
defend'her with all the force in hia power.
Even supposing the American merchantman
to htfto been used for piratical purposes, the
Spanish officer had no authority to seize her
except in Spanish waters. Either this con
suieratiou.or the strong array of United States
steamers which seemed to be gathering in
Central American waters has deterred the
of tho Tornado from attempting a
seizure.
Tho probability is that a great many good
citizens, either taking it-for granted that
there would he uo serious opposition to the
Fire-Proof ticket, or else too busy with their
business to think of anything like politics,
have neglected to register in their respective
precincts, preparatory to voting on Tuesday
next, fcnch should understand that they aro
not disfranchised by this neglect, but that
they can “swear in” their votes without
trouble or delay by going early to the polls
on Tuesday, ami having two witnesses to
identify them. No man interested in main
taining the public credit of Chicago, and in a
just and economical administration of city
and comity affairs, should allow unybusiness,
no matter how urgent, to deter him from per
forming his duty at the polls on that day.
The Louisville Courier-Journal says
At ihi* moment Louisville commands tlic rail
wav situation of Hie entire mid-Southern country,
for'al! our fears and forelaidingp. The suall has
caught up with the hare, and passed him. From
this time forward Cincinnati is doomed, except as
a manufacturing point, and the centre of ahig
local traffic. Chicago has been set back. St.
Louis and Louisville arc the points that may be
said to have a destiny.”
Though. only three weeks have passed since
the lire, a large amount of Louisville and St.
Louis capital hasY>ccn brought here and in
vested in bricks ami mortar to cover the
burnt district. Gentlemen from those cities
cruuo here to visit the “rums** and found
them more attractive for capital than either
of the only two points that nmy he said to
have a destiny.” They came here a* mourn
ers, and have concluded to marry into the
family. m
The “pcoidii*’ t». f.. Holden. .Tone®, and
Phelps) have hit upon a good piece of strat
egy. Knowing how vulnerable their candi
dates are, they arrange it so that no one of
them is on the ticket two day* iu succession.
If he doesn’t “cut” them, they “scratch”
him within twenty-four hours. In this way
the press has no opportunity w expose Iho
character of the would-be plunderers of Iho
Treasury. Dike the Irishman's ilea, wheu wc
put our band on them they areni there. In
short, ii is a sort of wickedliea ticket, which
no man pur-ueth.
Alderman llolden insists that be can be
elected Mayor. His election will leave a
vacancy in the Board ot Aldermen. W ill ho
-how bis faith iu hi- Town boast by resigning
his scat as Alderman, and allowing tho
Tenth Ward to elect another in his place?
He cannot hold tho two offices. U ho is so
certain of the one, let him resign the other.
Itcsioriiiloii ofl.nnd Tide*.
To the Editor of The Chiroyo Tribune
Sin: bog to band you tbe draft of tin* bill
J pmjmsc lor tho net to settle titles in the
comity.
I have framed it mi tin 1 principle of avoid
ing detail a« much a< possible. being o£
opinion that, in this emergency, it is bettor
to comldo to the court tho power of making
hniui'-itiou into title in general terms, trust
ing to its wise discretion in the application of
pcuft.il legal prineiples. To specify any par
ticular secondary evidence as that which the
court shall receive would ho highly danger
ous. The idea of **legali/.ing" the abstract
books of any private firm issimply impractic
able: indced.it would not stand the test of
judicial criticism for a moment. No measure
will meet the exigency that 'simply looks to
providing pWmn facie evidence of title. Lil
ies* title is established, aseertained, and de
clar'd peremptorily, the revival of Chicago
will he postponed indelinitcly, or, at least,
seriously hindered.
Is is verv true, as Judge Clary hints in Ins
letter of this morning, that there are diffi
culties in am* course. But forbearance on the
pari of the public, ami. above all. strength
of action in the judiciary, will abridge these.
1 am not insensible to the fact that
s,»me subtleties of what is-called constitu
tional law mav jmssibly interfere, in some
cases, with the finality of the settlement of
title arrived at under the act which I pro
pose. But it would be useless to discuss these
at tins moment.
The more thoroughly my proposal is scru
tinized amt criticised the hotter T shall be
pleased: As to the absolute hidisponsablo
ness of the principle on which legislative aud
judicial action should now betaken 1 have
no doubt. Bui lam too well aware of the
difficulty of the task of positive legislation
in this unprecedented case*, and in tho very
iM eidiar judicial conditions of tho country,
not to admit that abetter mode of carrying
out the principle may occur to some other
gentleman. To me. after much and anxious
consideration. no belter method has occurred.
I am, sir, vours, etc.. A. H. Louis,
No. 500 Wabash avenue.
Chicago, November "6.
J, wo,wo
6.000.000
2.300.000
:<jPOO.ono
i.aw.ooo
1.300.000
1.006.000
Whereas, tho record* of the comities of tho State
an* liable to be de-troved by tire and other acci
dent, and it is nececssary that In sm h case power
be given to llu* Circuit Court of the county iti
whiehsuchcalandtvtnay wear to readjust ami
declare title and make new records of the same;
K* it then'fore enacted by
1. Whenever tho record* of n county shall bo. nr
shall have been previous to this art. destroyed
bv any accident, the Circuit Court acting In such
comitV shall, with all convenient speed and sit
ting. continuously examine into alleged title lo
real estate within the county.
2. 'Die Circuit Court shall have power to appoint
spechUCoimulvdcmors. not exeeedingteu, to make
such examinations, sitting separately or together
as the court shall direct, whose report mar lie
adopted or not, according to the discretion of the
court, and such Commissioners shall be
allowed such fees a* the court may approve of.
And if am* of such Commissioners shall accept
anv further fee than the court approve, or any
monev, or value, or reward from any parties for
their action as such Commissioners, the Commis
sioner on unending shall >m* liable to imprisonment
for not men* than ten ami not less than three
years, by summary process ns for contempt of
court.
It shall be lawful for any person or bodycor
pornto.elnhulnc tltlcin any parcel of ground with
in such fonntv. to present a petition for decretal
order to tie* Circuit Cotiri of tho county, declaring
ami ascertaining title to the same.
.Sneli petition shall be advertised br the party
on thid* succ«**sjve days, the Hi st living the day
of the presentation thereof, in one of the principal
circulating newspapers of the county, and such
publication shall I**» notice to all parties to come
in and deliver to the Clerk of the Circuit Court a
statement of their claims in re-pect to such parcel
of land, within the period of one mouth from such
publication,
Such petition shall specify the piece or parcel of
ground to which the petitioner claims title, and
what interest ©restate he claims therein, and that
the petitioner seeks a decretal order from the
court siscertuiniug and declaring title thereto.
The Clerk of the Circuit Court shall open a i»ook
wherein such petition* shall bo docketed bv brief
statement of pom* prwnting, and pared affected
thereby; and all parties making claim thereto
shall be registered by the Clerk under the head of
such petition.
Tin* said Commissioners shall notify (callclaim
ants all appointment* wherein such claims are
investigated bv nfiixinc. in some prominent Place
in the fountv Court House, dally list* of such ap
pointment- for sittings. Snob petition* shall Ik*
numbered from one upward by the Clerk, a* they
are received. and said notice bv the Commission
ors shall sjwlfv the petitioners name, the nttra
l*er of the petition, and the date of appoluted sit
tincs.
t‘or the purpose of such examination. such sec
ondary evidence of title, in the c«*e of alisenec nr
loss of original muniment* of title, sltall be uduul
tod as the cfcurl ►ball deem suflielenl,
TiUtles to deed- and all other instruments shall
be comi-eienl witnc>-e- to the execution thereof
in the examination of titles under this net.. The
court, ou being satisfied as to stato of existing
interests at the time of such destruction ot
records, shall issue, under Its seal. a decretal
ortler nserrtaht&isr and deolnrlnc tho right, title,
and Interest of parties at the time of such loss,
and the part.es shall hold and enjoy such title ami
right and estate In the parcels of land tn sneh de
cretal order dealt with as shall therein be di*-
rlared. with such dates of vesting of the same as
by such decretal order shall be specified.
The period of one year from the date of such
decretal order shall be allowed to parties who
claim adversity to such order lo come ami peti
tion the court to review the same, ttnd from ami
after such period of one year the estates, rights
tillfcs.Tand Interests declared in such decrctrnl
order shall be absolute as against all persona and
.SHt.W.eoo
bodies corporate whatever.'
Such penod of one year shall commence to run
as ngamst minors from the date of their ma
jor! tr, but ms against all other parties protected
by disabilities, shall ruu from the period of such
decretal order.
Tho proper officer, custodian of tho records of
a county, shall enter as soon ns passed all decre
tal order* made under thl* art upon the Ik>or?> of
record, and all the provisions nets now in force
touching registry shall be applicable to such re
corded decretal order.
The of Tiller—A Land
(‘•mminitni
To the Editor of The Chicago Tntntne
Sih: I have been watching the various
communications which have appeared iu
your columns since the fire, to see if iu any
of them would be proposed what has ap
peared to be tho best and most feasible plan
for the establishment of our broken titles, to
wit: a commission for that special purpose.
Let the Legislature provide for the appoint
ment or election of, say, five of our ablest
real estate lawyers, who*** duty it shall be to
bold continual dally session, for the purpose
of establishing titles.
The proceedings might bo of a summary
character, dispensing with all unnece-*ury
technicalities. At the same time, ample
notice should be gh*en t not only of every ap
plication, but of tb. x time, when the sarae.ia
to be beard, the public being informed from
day to day, of tho cases on bearing.
After anv application has been fullyheard,
mi derided, a certificate lotogi von stating
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE
that the title to such a lot or tract of laud
bad been found to bo in A. It. or C.
All the abstract Itooks preserved, would,
from the necessity of the case. be. in most
instances, the best evidence of what the
records contained, but no legitimate evidence
would l*e excluded.
bitch effect could l>c given to the certificate
as the Legislature might deem advisable. It
would, of course, be pr/nm fane evidence of
title, and would lie, in fact, from the nature
of the ease, bettor evidence of title than any
abstract. Tlie certificates would be freely
used as a basis for sales, leases and mort
gages, and the needed confidence in real
estate securities, would be restored.
This plan would work a great savin/r of the
lime of the courts, all ol whom will soon
have enough to do. C. B. Watti:,
Chicago, Kov. .1.
A. B. Chapman, of Martlnton, recommends hay
and oilcake us a certain cure for Spanish fever,—
a di<ca«; much dreaded by stock-growers, and
which Is now prevalent among cattle in this State.
—Some singular phenomena are reported In
Own and Morgan Counties. The«c counties have
suffered severely from drouth. In Green County,
John 11. Porno foimd a moist place iu a ravine,
and, after digging about two feet, a stream burst
out aufllelent to supply water for his own stock
and that of several Of his neighbors. On the farm
of Samuel Markoe, near Jacksonville, a stream of
•water recently broke from the ground, and con
tinues to run.
—John Scolt, four miles southeast of Jackson
ville, claims to have in process of erection tlie
largest barn In the State. It is to be 100 by is) feet.
—Tlie steaiulioat Nellie Rogers, last week, look
2,n00 barrels of apples at a single shipment from
Calhoun County to St. LouK
J. B. Evans, of commilicd suicide, a
few days since, by hangim?"
—A violent assault was made upon Mr. Ham
baugh. editor of the Mount Sterling Gazette, on
Saturday hist, bylMr. William L. Taylor, the
Clerk ofßrown County. A correspondent of tho
Quincy Whig says: “Mr. Ilambaiteh was ap
proachod|atenlthtly from behind while his atten
tion w«f* occupied, and, after hnvlnglteen stricken
down by bis assailant, was left senseless and
bleeding outlie fioor. Though this affair seems
to have grown out of u sort Of family quarrel
(both parties to tho transaction arc Democrats),
yet It Im-a wide interest and significance. The
attack Is alleged to have been provoked by cer
tain inquiries made by the editor of tho Gazette iu
reference to the disbursement of funds belonging
to the county.”
—General Singleton’s blooded dock was cold at
auction. at Quincy, on the l.’tli nil.
—Burning matches under Hie nose of a little
feholar if* what a Galesburg schoolmistress
thought the correct thing! A committee invcsii
-1 gated the matter, and pronounced the punishment
improper, but not severe*.”
—Francis D. Cntmuau. an old resident of Rock
ford, long engaged in the Insurance business', died
la-t Sunday night.
The Rockford Gazette of the 21st ult. says: “Miss
Alta M. llulelt, a young lady of this city, who haa
iKjen studying law for some time past, last week
passed u* mos* creditable examination before
Messrs. Wight, Miller, and Brazee. who were ap
pointed by Judge Brown to ascriaiu her legal
knowledge. They united in recommending her
for admission to the bar. Mi«s liulett thereupon
made application to the Supreme Court for per
mission to practice. but we understand was de
nied it— uo females being admitted to the bar in
thia Stale.”
Mctlnualeh C. Davi«. one of the most prominent
citizens of Davenport, died on the 01.-t ult.
—There was quite an excitement in Cedar
Rapids. OetolN'r ;u\ over the suicide of Charles
Pittlngcr. an old citizen of that place, and proprie-
tor of the Paciile Hotel. The suicide was com
mitted in the collar of the Chicago House saloon.
Mr. Pittlncer shooting himself in the breast.
—Wappello County has a vain of eoal live feet
ten inches in thickness, which is said to equal.
Pitt-burgh coal In quality.
—The Council Bluffs Xuupm-cll Is informed that
mineral paint has been discovered dose to the
line of Harrison Comils.
—Mr. Cleveland, proprietor of the Hamburg
louse, at Hamburg. Fremont County, commute
suicide last week. He went to his room, shot him
self in the abdomen with a revolver, lay on the
bed. and died after a couple of hour* torture. Fi
nancial dinieulties and Intemperance arc reported
to have been the cause of the event.
The Janesville Oazrtfe says the Late rains have
put the giound in good condition for plowing, and
fanners arc busy turning the soil.
—The Black Elver Falls Banner cays that him-
Iwnnen arc getting supplies to the wood*, and
making extensive preparations for the winter’s
campaign.
—The l-u Crosse Lroikr rays that the rlvsr has
risen at that point within the past two wefts at
least 12 inches, and Is still coming up; which is
a piece of intelligence that will be alike gratify! ug
to merchants and dlcamboatmeu of the Upper
Mississippi.
—The Eau Claire Free Pre*s report? that the
Eau Claire Lumber Company has manufactured
over 30,000,000 feet of lumber this season up to the
present time,land its mills are both running in full
blast.
—The Enterprise says the lumbering interests of
Kewaunee County suffered severely by the late
Arcs. Messrs. Slausou. Grimmer Co., had
about 20.000.000 feet of pine burned over In the
town of Montpelier, and 5,000.000 feet in Casco.
Such of this timber as can begot out during the
coming winter will be all right, but it wiil be im
practicable to get it all out, and what is left over
will be comparatively worthless.
—The Murtiuelte and Peditigo Eagle says shan
ties arc springing up on the site of Pcshtlgo, in
various directions real estate is changing bauds;
and Incipient life begin? to show itwlf in various
quarters.
—The Watertown (Wls.) EcpuMiWiH of the Ist
inst. says; Several years ago the Rock River In
surance Company of Beloit did some business in
this vicinity. It soon after gave up the ghost,
and its name was almost forgotten, but it appears
that parties doing business with it, who gave
premium note*, arc likely to l*o reminded of the
existence of the company In a very unpleasant
■way. In various localities, those who laid policies
in the company are being sued in the United
States Court for the amount of their premium
notes. In Columbia County, recently, a Deputy
United Slates Marshal appeared, holding sum
mons against 100 persons. and telling them that
the law has given these notes the character of
4 commercial palter.* and those notes can be sited
ami collected. notwithstanding the company had
years before failed and ceased to give the value
received it so faithfully promised in it* policies.'
—Fort Howard ha* contracted for a steam tiro
engine since the tire- iu that section.
—Tlie extensive furniture factory of G. W, At
kins, in Appleton, was entirely destroyed by fire
ou Saturday night hid. There wa* au insurance
of *7.000 on it. jsiosvof which wab iu Irresponsible
companies.
—A Norwegian living near Bloomer was killed
byaK'ar on Wednesday last. It appears that
Norske was engaged in skinning a sheep near his
house ou that day. when Bruin suddenly made hi*
appearance ou the premise* and concluded to take
possession of the mutton. Tin* act of trespass
the owner disputed In a striking manner with the
assistance of a club.—a desperate struggle be*
tween the two ensuing, lasting but a few luluutos,
however, with the result above stated.
—The Folk County PiXfis says intention* are
that operations in the pineries this w Inter will be
more extensive than for many years.
Davis, a farmer of Bt. Joo Township,
dropped dead in a fit of apoplexy, near Fort
Wayne on the 231h nit. He was 36 years of age.
A new mode of suicide was attempted one
day last week, near Economy. Ellon Chandre.*.*.
is years old. placed a musket against her thigh,
and by some mean* discharged the contents of
shot and wadding into It. lacerating the flesh ter
ribly and shattering the bone. She affirms that
she knew nothing of the affair until she fell. The
physician who attended her thinks she cannot
live. _
—The Ohio County Item'd says: Those farm
ers who talked ex' plowing up their potatoes be
cause the but: was destroying them, can now
scarcely And teams and hands enough to market
them. Two of our farmers, who, by the way.
had no Idea of plowing theirs up. raised ten thou
sand bushel*, while crops of one to three thou
sand bushels are very common in this neighbor
hood.”
—The Kokomo Tril/une soys The Rev. Mr.
Brock, of Tipton. Ind., who buried hU wife, be
came engaged to three women, married one of
them, got a divorce from her, was sued by
another for breach of promise, and was tried by
an Ecclesiastical Court and suspended from the
Methodist ministry until the next meeting of the
conference,—all In five months.—has finally mar
ried the breach-of-promise woman and joined the
Christian Church."
—A man of TO years, living near Newport, quar
relled with his wife, and, taking down bis shot
gun, announced that be would commit suicide
forthwith. He went into the yard, lay down on
the ground where he could be seen from a front
window, fired the gun off in the air, and remained
motionless for an hoar, during which time he slyly
watched the door and window for the appearance
of his grief-strickcn wife. But he was sadly
mistaken." says the old gentle man’s home paper.
‘•They did not come out to see whether he had
blown the top of his head off or not. This was
more than the old man could stand; he rose up,
went into the house, and made things hot for the
old woman, and the children for awhile. He’d
(.bow them whether they wouldn't come out When'
he had killed himself.”
Colonel Andrew Longs tree t, of Lcwton. died on
the 27th ult. He was one of the early settlers of
the town, having moved therj in tS>5. He had
filled ibo offices of Supervisor, fust ice of the P« are
Suer.tr. and Postmaster. During the war with
hWr*o he- 7783 commissioned to niso regtmant,
IJIE. XORTJTWEST.
iujsois.
IOWA.
WISCONSIN*
TKDI.VSA.
MICHIGAN'.
SATURDAY-, NOVEMBER 4, 1871.’
and henee hi* title of Colonel. The cause of his
death was remarkable. A corn ap
peared on one of Ms toes, which. from some cause,
ulcerated. The toe was amputated: hut he died
soon sifter the operation.
—Will M. Carleton,ln a late reading at Hills-
recited new poem. ••The Burning of Chi
cago.”
onto.
At TlppecauiH*. U.-it Saturday night. George IT.
Hart g»*i into a quarrel with John Aston, his
brother-lu-law, r.n«l, having been struck by Aston,
drew a butcher knife uud drove the blade into
Aston’s left side, penetrating the lung* and cut
ting a gash over six inches long, nearly six inches
deep, and ;us wide at the bottom as on the surface.
Aston died within live minutes. Hart went home,
told his wife he had killed her brother, and then
waked the authorities and gave himself up, claim
ing that he did the deed in self-defence.
—Andrew Stover, a farmer living six miles oast
of Delphos, was confronted hi Ids own house, on
the night of the 2Sth ult.. by a robber, who. after
asking for matches.presented a revolver. Sicver
knocked the revolver from the robber’s hand, and
stabbed him with a pocket knife, killing him In
stantly. The Coroner's Jury exonerated Stover.
—ln an Ohio town, a citizen had rendered him
self obnoxious to the res* of the community, so
he wasplaced in the hands of a Vigilance Commit
tee for treatment. The Cliairmau of the commit
tee made the following report; “We tookihe thief
down to the river, made a hole in the lee and
proceeded to duck him, but he slipped through
ourhands and hidtmdor the ice. All our efforts
to entice him out failed, and he has now retained
his jioiiu of advantage some hours.”
KANSAS.
Tlie Leavenworth Commcrttut of the OUt ult.
soys; It I» reported iu town that the vigilantes
of Chctopa have been indulging In a neck-tic car
nival. Pat Slyman, a former resident of this city,
and well-known among the sporting circles, has
Wen for some time keeping a saloon in Chctopa.
A short time -lace, a visitor to the town stopped
at his hou-e. and iu the morning was found drug
ged and robbed of of Woo. It is asserted that Sly
man and Michael Dunn, former Postmaster at
Port Leavenworth, were seen carrying the hclp
lc-vr victim away from the house. The Chctopa
riyi taut's promptly arrested these two worthies,
and a thin! man named Johnson, although we are
not Informed what part this latter took in tho
drama. Johnson, we are informed, finding that
matters began to look serious, poached .upon his
pals, thinking thereby to save his neck. It h now
rumored that all three of these men have been
hung.”
—Tlie Welsh Presbyterian* Church, at Emporia,
was entirely destroyed by fire on the 2tfUi ult.
THE TKUIUTOUIIV*.
—A new ilu mine, called The Walker 80y.*,"
has boon located south of Burch Crook, about live
mile* from Ogden, Utah. A despatch from Wash
ington. Oct. 22, says: “Samples of the so-called
tin ore received from Utah Territory, where the
MipjMjsod tin discoveries liavo created such ex
citement. have been subjected at the General
lamd Otlleo to a chemical analysis and also to a
crucible assay. but in neither ca-ft eould
the least trace of tin be found. Bur one set of
specimen? have Wen received, aud it is possible,
though not probable, that the other Min’speci
mens may not bo as barren of the veal article.”
—John W., son of Brigham Young, has gone
East, as of the Utah Northern Railroad,
to hurry on material for the construction of the
line from Ogden north to the Mormon settlements.
TU* says the work la progressing rapidly, and the
only difficulty so far experienced is waiting for
stock Hint the company arc obliged to purchase in
the East.
—Air. year old daughter of ,T. B. Brubackcr. an
old an respected merchant of Elk Point. Dakota
Territory, committed suicide; Sunday night. She
had a petty quarrel wit it her brother about a book.
The matter win appealed to their father, who de
cided against the girl. She immediately left her
M-at. went to her bedroom, and swallowed a large
do«e of arsenic which she was in the habit of using
for her complexion. Death ensued in a few hours
afterward.
—A iwld robbery took place at Fort Randall,
Dakota Territory, on the ai.M.nlt. The house of
John Myers an engineer In the employ of the gov
ernment. was entered during the temporary ab
pcnce of the family, and robbed of a trunk con
taining MW, two bank chocks of $2,000 each, and
SIOO worth of clothing.
PERSONAL.
Mr. Edward Beetham. of Chester, Me., died la*t
week, at the age of 103 years. The funeral *ermon
was preached by Elder Cowea. of Enfield, who
ha* attained the ago of P8 years.
—The Rev. Stephen S. Smith, who was found
dead at his si-tcr’s In Worcester. Mass., on Satur
day morning lust, was going to preach the next
day from the text, “I shall be satisfied when I
awake in thy likene**.”
—Jefferson Shell, while attempting to get on u
twin on the,Morristown (Pa.) Railroad. Catcher 20.
ut Philadelphia, fell and had Ids leg crushed, and
died while undergoing amputation. He had two
children in hLs arms at tllb time, but threw them
on the platform In safety.
—M. Julius Beiitor has received from the Duke
of Snxe-Coburg Gotha th*o title of Baron for hlm
self and his descendants, a? a mark of his appro
bation of the services which M. Reuter has ren
dered to the public in furnishing the presfe with
telegraphic Intelligence,
—Admiral and Mrs. Porter and Secretary and
Mr?. Fish dined with the President, at Washing
ton, October 31. This I? the first meeting socially
of Grant ami Porter since the publication of Por
ter’s letter, a year since.
—A couple of young ladies from California have
formed themselves into the firm of White A Mor
rill, 33 Park Row, New York, and are now active
ly engaged as phonographic reporters.
—The foundation Mono of an institution for the
aged and infirm, to l»e called the Chapin Horae."
has i»een laid in New York. It is to cod SIOO,OOO.
and will 1«? under the patronage of the ladies of
the Rev. Dr. Chapin’s congregation.
—livery one remembers how the coming of Kos
suth inflicted upon our young men a soft hat.
caught up at the side ami adorned with a plume.
The vi-lt of Alexis is at hand, and this U the hat:
A plum-colored beaver, trimmed with velvet a
shade darker, in several folds, with shaded
feathers, and au aigrette at the side.
—There are two smart old Indies In Saxton's
River, Vt., Mrs. Shatiuek and Mrs. Newton, both
overOO. The other day one made a mil upon the
other, and declined to slop to tea on the ground
that she had several other calls to make.
—lt is reported In Brussels that the King of Bel
gium. CarlottaV brother, has shown symptoms of
ncipont in* anity.
—The New York Times of Oct. 30. says: 44 Rev
Hugh Miller Thmnp-ou, Rector of St. James*
Church, Chicago, spoke yesterday morning at St.
Thomas* Church on the late calamity iu Chicago,
especially as it aflect* the interest of the Episco
pal Church. Tin* preacher said. 4 Would it not be
a great thing if I could telegraph to my parish
that St. Thomas’ Church pledged SIO,OOO, one
fourth »*f what Is required to rebuild .St. James'
Church in Chicago.' x\t the close of the address
Dr. Morgan gave not ire that iu the course of this
week the parish would be called upon for this ob
ject. After the service one gentleman scut in his
name for ll.ooo."
—William E. Barrow, oneof the proprietors of the
New Ahuaden quicksilver mine, died in San Fran
cisco on the 25th ult.
—Judge Joel Parker, of Cambridge, Mass., has
scut V>oo to the Mayor of Chicago, to lay the
foundation for a law library in that city.
—The application of Mis* Sawyer, of Nashua.
N. H.. for Admission to the Harvard Law School,
ha> lu-en refused.
—When.the Rev. Dr. Upham. ot Fall River.
Mn—..started on his first circuit at that place.
flTtv years ago. he was absolutely penniless, and
the* toll-keeper took his watch-seal for the one
cent toll demanded for passing over a bridge.
—Captain John McDonald, of the Canadian
harp- Hotchkiss, committed suicide at Buffalo, on
the 27th ult.
—Dr. A. S. Dowd. President of the Mlsd sdppi
.Senate, died, a few days ago, at Greenwood
Springs, near Alw-rdceu, Mi**., where he had gone
to recover hi* health.
POLTTTCA L.
The New Orleans Times says {hat the font Con
presMuemen just elected in Texas were all recent
lv Republicans.
—lt l> believed tliat there will be several chang
es in the Massachusetts Congressional delegation
next year. Butler. Banks. Dawes, and Hoar,
however, will probably be returned*
—An attempt is being made, through an appli
cation fora writ of wiamfomMjr, to prevent the in
auguration of the Mayor and Aldermen elect of
Charleston.
—Seventeen Democratic papers in Missouri
have already concurred In the St. Louis Ktpubii
eon's advice that the true policy for the Democ
racy is to make no nomination for the Presidency
in 1372.
—There Isa report, believed to have but little
foundation, of a proposed union of the Democrats
In the Ohio Legislature. with the Republicans op
posed to the lion. John Sherman, to secure the
election of Ex-Seorctary Cox as United States
Senator.
—The Democratic Return Judge of Franklin
County. Penn., has backed down from the posi
tion originally taken by him, and has given the
certificate of election to J. M. Weakley, the Re
publican candidate for Senator, declaring him to
have received a majority of 60S.
—The death of Senator Connell, Republican,
makes a dead lock In the Pennsylvania Senate.
The Senate will meet with 1C Republicans and 16
Democrats. The Democratic Speaker of Last
session holds over until his successor is chosen.
The Speaker Is compelled, by o provision of the
constitution, to issue a writ of election to fill the
vacancy, and the Republicans, by absenting
themselves, can prevent the Democrats from tak
ing nay unfair advantage of Senator Connell's
deuth
--The MssA.vbuv-ti s Woman's Suffrage Associa
tion ha* for Governor
on the question of woman suffrage. and has elic
ited the following reply from John Qulnay Ad
ams, the Democratic candipato:
“L.vl>nw and gentixmkn: I reirret very
much thntt have not the time at my disposal
Just now to answer appropriately and nt length
your. polite letter of enquiry as to my opinions
niton Woman Suffrage.” But you may
perhaps gather all the Information
which vou require from a hold statement that I
sim. after eareful thought and some study, firmly
and nneqnlvoeally opposed to Woman Suffrage,
mid I shall foci It my duly in the very improbable
rontipeuey of uivc vi r occupying any considerable
public otlfce, to stand by the old immemorial divi
sion of activities and functions whlchsccms to me.
to lie at the foundation of society.
Jte»l«»!ctfully yours, J. Q. Adams.’*
JIIILItOADS.
The railroad bridge over the. Sangamon River,
on the line of the Springfield A Northwestern
Railroad, about twelve miles from Petersburg.
111., was completed Octobers©.
—The Green Boy (WK) Gazette says track lay
ing on the Northwestern extension U being pushed
rapidly, and the rails now reach Pcnsnukee. The
grade between Oconto and Peshtigo lacks about a
week’s work of being completed. and the grade
on that portion of the Hue between Peshtigo and
Marinette is alnmt half completed. It Is antic!-
pated that passenger trains will run from Sheboy
gan to Oconto in about thirty days.
—The Green Bay papers report the arrival of
the first cargo of Iron for the Green Bay it Lake
Pepin Railroad, and more is coming soon. Track
laying trill be commenced at once. Tho bed of
the road Is in readiness for the iron, and the work
can be prosecuted uninterruptedly.
—Work on the Lake Shore Road south of She
iKivgan, Wis.. is being driven with great energy.
A force is to l»c put ou at Port Washington this
week. Two cargoes of iron for this road—enough
for ten miles—have already arrived at Sheboygan;
and another Is expected soon.
—Tho work of grading tho extension of the She
borgun A Pond du Lac Road between Fond du
Lac and Princctou, Wis., Is aliout compleuHl. Tlie
Iron for this road will soon begin to arrive, and
track-laying will commence the Ist of November.
There Is now- no doubt that Sheboygan will be
comiected with the Pox River by rail by the Ist
of January.
—A party of surveyors have l»eon for some time
at work on the projected route of the Northwest
ern Railroad from Bamboo to La Crosse. Wis..
and nt last accounts they had reached Welmau’s
Mill, near the mouth of Bostwick Valley.
—Tlie Atchison Nehru.-ka Railroad i* now
completed to Table Rock, eighty-four miles from
Atchison, and within six miles of Pawnee City,
the count j* seat of Pawnee Comity, Neb.
—A “great international railroad bridge” in
now being built iu Texas across the Trinity
River.
—Louisville Ja up to her eyes in applications for
aid to railroads. The Frankfort. Paris. »t Big
Sandy Company asks for $300,000; the Elizabeth
town Si Paducah. *1.000.000; tlm Cumberland .t
OlUo, $1,200,000; ami the Louisville, Memphis
New Orleans. si.3Oo.i'oO in all, 5U.200.0u0.
—The Springfield (111.) of the iSih Inst.,
says: “The Directors of the iVoria Springfield
Railroad Company met In this city yesterday, and
made a contraei with responsible parties to grade,
bridge, tie. and iron the whole road from Peoria
to this city. It is expected that the lire* division
of the road, from Peoria to Prairie. Creek, will be
finished by the Ist of Augiwt next, and the whole
line by the 1M of August. IsTa.”
27iiicj»Kiys: ‘MMiih-)vopleare talk
ing a’railway to India direct, to aeeompli-h the
passage from I/mdou to Calcutta in live days. the
Viceroy of Egypt ha* actually commenced one of
the row gigantic undertakings over attempted
in his territory—that of connecting Upper and
Lower Egypt by rail. At the terminal point of all
ancient and modern conquest. whore the uighly
Persian and Roman Invaders found .the desert an
impassable barrier, the Khedive, assisted by an
army of Engli-h engineers and uavvk*. will, un
less'stopped by the jealousy of'the Sultan, drive
an iron road and u team of iron horses not only to
the confine* of Nubia, but into the heart of Africa,
opening up new Holds for commerce, and perhaps
bringing homo Livingston find-class.- When It
is considered that me line, commencing at the
Second Cataract. Is to l»e GOO miles long, some idea
may be formed of the amount of labor required to
complete the work.”
MISCALL A yi:ocs.
The latest wrinkle at fashionable weddings In
New York is for a black page, in livery, to walk
.into church licforc the bride and groom, carrying
a|.-mall white satin cushion, on which is embroi
dered a monogram in gilt letters, which ho places
in front of the altar for the couple to kuevl on.
and carries it out again at the close of the cor
emonv. _
—A Canadian institution offers two female
teachers SIOO for ton months' service, they u*
board themselves and furni-h fuel.
Cows are now pastured in the middle of the
Mi?*!—ippi Diver chauucl.
—Churches in Canada have taken up with
Thanksgiving, ami have set apart Thursday. No
vember IC. for that purpose.
—The Vermont Central Railroad ha* a library
of 2,000 volumes sit St. Albans, cxpre-5-dy fur the
use of the workmen upon the road.
—A Boston hoor amt -hoe firm ha* applied for a
patent on twotrade-marks.evldentlyluteudid ex
clusively for the Southern market, one King a de
vice containing a portrait of General Lee. the
other the face of Stonewall Jackson. The
Examiner has rejected the application, ou the
ground that it cannot Iw* lawful to encourage any
thing that promotes sectional strife. The ca-o
will he taken up ou an appeal to the Comwi*-
feIOIUT.
—A Havana letter of October 13 says that the
subject of tobacco intended for American Miljv
ment was creating quite an excitement. The vol
unteers in the service of the Spanish Government
threatened to throw overboard all the tobacco on
the wharves awaiting transportation to the United
States, American buyers arc somewhat anxious
about future shipments.
—Curtis* HaiuMet ouian. one of the most valuable
horse* In Kentucky, was found dead In bis stable
at Richmond, in that State. October 23. ll<* was
half-brother to Dexter. Winfield, George Wilkes,
Unmo. Alexander's Abdallah. Startle, Socrates
Harvest Queen, and a number of other noted
horses; was the properly of Mr. L. Curtis, of
Brooklyn, Y„ and was worth 520,000.
—The British army in India, during the year
197K72, will comprise 62.931 men.
—The French papers publish a curious state
ment, said to have been prepared from authentic
statistics, showing that during a year's occupa
tion of Champagne the German army of occupa
tion consumed no less than 2.550,000 l*oltles of the
famous vintage of that country.
—The Krmscitu»g reports from Heligoland
that there have recently arrived in that Island,
from England, severaltwclve-pounder Armstrong
puis and one forty-pounder. These guns have
been placed in position. The former battery was
only used iu firing salute*, and was not regarded
as of any defensive value.
—The sales of tobacco at the seven warehouses
In Louisville during the year which has Ju.d closed
foot up is.oof* hogshead*, at a eaMi value of $1,601.-
013.39; last year, 40.017 hogsheads; cash value,
$1.923.330.1 H.
—Au official statement shows that the brandy
manufactured in the United State*, from (rust dis
tillation, last year, was 2.100.733 gallou*. Of tills
quantity California made 193.383; Kentucky,
220.233; New Jer?c,v. 411,3>:.; Now York. 129.332;
North Carolina, 3TI.TW, and Virginia, 207,517
gallons.
—A Berlin letter says: “When all the works
of construction and repairs shall l»c* finished, the
German navy will comprise seven iron-dads,
with a total of 77 guns and 4,500 horse-power;
screw steamer*, one vessel of the line, five cor
vettes, seven despatch boats, twenty-two gun
boat*. one transport—altogether, 293 guns. Sail
ing vessels, one training brig, three other brigs,
throe frigates, apd a ship used ns a barrack, with
137 cannons; In all. 532 puns."
—lt 1* not perhaps generally known that what
is now a favorite summer resort for citizens of
New York was once sold for a barrel of cider.
Yet it I* a fact that in 1370 the tract of country in
cluding w hat now are Long Branch. Shrewsbury,
and Eatontown. was in the possession of the In
dians. but was purcha.-ed of them by one Lewis
Morris for that consideration. Millions could not
purchase the land now.
A Card from Mr. Onnhnn.
Chicago, Nov., 3.1371.
To the Tax Payer* of Chicago?
The undersigned is a candidate before the peo
ple for re-election to the position of City Col
lector. and solicit* the suffrages of Tux-payers
to support him for that position.
The terrible and disastrous conflagration which
hnsdevasted our city, involved, amongst other
calamities, the destruction of public records; and
the books and papers of the Collector did not
escape.
In view of thi* fact, a* well probably as in con
sideration of the management of the office during
the past two years, the loading tax payers of the
city have expressed the belief that the re-election
of the present encumbent would be for the gene
ral interest; and conventions of both parties have
placed liitu In nomination.
The press bt the city has repeatedly commended
the management of the office during the past two
years, the judicious reform* that were instituted,
and the real and fidelity with which the interests
of the tax payers were protected.
In the management of the tax sales it la well
known that was spared to save from the
grasp of the tar buyer theproperty of the lax payer,
and to (his end the sale was adjourned from time
to time, to give all an opportunity of paying, and
the result was that le— than one per cent of tho
entire levy was actually sold, a fact unprecedented
u the historv of theofhde.
Every facility was afforded for tho easy and
convenient payment of taxes.
No officer In the city government is more con
stantly under the viguunt eye of the entire com
munity than the city collector, since they are
brought into constant intercourse with him in the
payment of taxes, assessments, licenses, etc., and
therefore could not fail to take note of any ne
glect of duty or incapacity in tho incumbent.
The undersigned is fully satisfied to leave to the
judgment of the tax-paying community his pres
ent claims to re-election, merely adding that if he
guarded their interests in the post, when the city
was in thelull tide of progress and prosperity,
now that the situation has changed, and misfor
time Uns crippled and ruin crushed so many tax
payer, he will. If re-elected, labor with renewed
teal and energy to restore. If possible, tho records,
and tube at nil thaw faithful the the interests of
Ik; tux-payore of Chicago. P.esp •ctfully, etc.,
V.'as. J.
iTRE-PROOP MEETING.
Gathering’ of Citiaens in Favor of Honesty. Econ
omy, and the Union Ticket.
Arraignment of the Holden Office-Holding
Family by Honorable S. 6. Judd.
Speeches by General Stiles. Captain Con
nett. and Honorable Willard
Woodard,
A very l;rro‘ ut tin- clti/eu-> of tin*
tmitlient and eeniml portiom-of the Wwi Side,
wa? held on Thursday eveniusni the Turner Hall
on West Twelfth street, nil of whom left the hull
wlthtbo evident determination to vole for tin*
Fire-Proof Tieket.
The mot-tlnc wa*> eaUed to order hy Captain
Council. who nominated Patrick Brennan as
Chairman. and hi- wa* eh<wu hy acvlamation.and
staled the. nb|.-ct of the meeting, widen wasto
elve candidate* ami friend* of the* Fire-Proof
Tieket an opportunity of irivinsr their sentiments.
X. h. .11* PD.
Tho non. Jff. It. JiuM said they had heard him
»tcak In oilier places on judlUcs. but he would not
that night. With, oue-balfthe properly of Chicago
destroyed. and manv Im-lnes*. men beggared, and
no monev iu the City or county Treasury, and lit
tle men uson the part of individuals to restore their
10-ses. thev should nil join iu attempting to restore
wimt had Un lost, nud not arouse political pre
judices. Ho had for years been an intense parll
ran. tmt at such u lime It minin-d the best and
honestost administration ot affairs to val-e them
up A< compared with that, what were trilling
eltv politic*! Was it not be tier for. them that their
property should I*o pro-owed than Ham elected I
The only Question was which ticket wa» the best
for the "city T
In times of emergency it was of little consc
oueuee how n man wa- nominated. If honest and
.•‘itmble. Tin* two committees had met to recom
mend nu nto the people—not dictate them. Tho
people mu-t choose. Tlio sorehead convention
bad united with a small fraction of the Democracy.
Formerly the people had Wen csirclessus to whom
thev chided to administer their affairs. Money
had been wasted, squandered and stolen. ami ex
travu'dineo and cormptinn had nrevalied. >ow
we were all poor. and the city and county govern
ment mu>t Ik> economically managed. Ik want
men who will put the lowest taxes on us that can
consistently l>e levied, and liave the two govern
ments exist. The man In the uuburut portion of
the citv. if former extravagance is continued in
citv expenditures next year, will have to payW
wliciv he onlv paid before the tin*. So much
property M« tjw’ndoslroycd their taxes would be
doubled* unless we fleet euonomical and honest
men. The Fire-Proof Ticket hud l>ecn selected to
out down taxes to the lowest point, and to carry
on affair- honestly, and to cut ofl all useless
suckers at the public teat.
The Countv Agent lure made some disparaging
remark, but when his name was mentioned
and It was known who the man was.the audience
broke out in a great laughter, and Mr. Jmld re
lated some touching instance of the way Mr.
Pusheok got half-fare passes aud charged them
to the eouutv. It was:» regular system of allow
in*'certain gentlemen to travel at the expense of
the rountv. _
Mr .Judd. after refi-vrtup to Mr. P- as one of the
feeder- at the. public* crib. said that the County
.Va-nt wa-n proper supporter of C. C. P. Uoldou
furMnvor. Nowtuv friends.** said Mr..Tudti. let
tts iw'how the candidate ami his friends ami re*
latiolis are uuartored on the public:
C C V Hidden— Alderman. President of the
Council. We-t side Park rommi.-womr.
C. N. Holden-City Tax Commissioner. Trtlstco
of the Slate Insane A-ylmn, ami laic a niemher of
tin* Hoard of Education.
L. p. llohh u—ln the Internal Revenue oflico.
Holden —A clerk in the l*o-t rtlllcc.
Holden. Collet-tor of Water Taxes under the
Heard of I'nldie Works.
General Revuold. lufdhor-m-lnw—Place m the.
Cll.-lom Il,.Urf.iinilnlMi r...;inl .it IMil.i.lioii.
15. K. McCarty, brother-m-w" of k. Fire
Warden.
.7,Hold* n. son of C. N.. I'i* I «P ton month ur
j.o ago. Wen quartered on the city hi hi- father*?*
department. si ml map clerk.
Mr. .Twill asked the audience how they evpeeicd
to exist with Mich families bleeding the public sit
c.verypore.
At the repetition of theh-d the amm-nee -cream
ed and applauded, ;uu\ vowed uowr to elect C.
C. r. 11.
Air. Jmhl said the Fire-Proof Ticket was sot up
to mop that thin?. >’o man mi the ticket had
sought sm oftlee. The candidate.- wi re forced to
MTVO in the interest of the piddle. We want to see
the cllv restored, hut they could not have it with*
out eemu>inv. They must keep up the credit of
oitv ami county, live economically, and cut oQ*
famlHe- of stickers, smd hy economy and honesty
restore and rebuild the city, and hy so doing every
laboring man would gel employment. All he had
was in fhicago. and heapivaled to them ail to put
down the whole hived or county agents and cor
ruptionists, and pm in the meu they believed to
Ih* honest.
Frank Lombard and his sang a cheering
king.
S*. STll.r.s.
fiKNURAI. I.
General Pt-llcs In* been there before as
candidate and partizan. Now he was lw»fon* them
simple as one who loved Chicago. What they
wanted wa.i to build U up—not a party. What <llil
thov think of that arrangement by which the
Democrats nominated V. I*. Holden, a man
crowded with ollifc.s I On the Fire-I'rouf Ticket
thev had men of both parties. Ilf was on it. but
lu*e«nse he was familiar with the Untie* of his
oftlee. lie litllf emiseuncnce. however, for
anv good lawver would Hit the plaee a> well, ami
thev could vote for him or not a- they pleased,
lint there wen* olla-roillccs whleh h;nl to be tilled
bv men of speeial onalUicatlons. ami who
could build up their city. It was
time To vote for men. not party.
They wanted honest ineii.no matter what their
polities.—men like I>. A Gage. Two years ago it
had been said he would pay onr interest on de
posit s. and he had done *o. and the Hi was $70,000
better off. That man had claims rm them. The
prodts of olhee ladders were mainly in their fees.
Some one hod asked about Mr. Cassette's oHlce.
Then the fees were large,but. by the new constitu
tion. they were cm offalter the pvcsvttl iac««Sveut
went out. Then they would see these meu cease
limiting for odiee. H any railroad in tended to
spend money for Mr. Holden, it came out of the
people** pockets, or it would come out of them.
So they should take every cent the candidates had,
and then vole a* they pleased. He would not In
struct them who to vote for, but eimplv tell them
that the Central Committees, men trust
ed and their parties, had determined
to let politics alone till Chicago was rebuilt, and
put up a good ticket, which he believed would bo
elected. Disaffected nun had (rot up a convention
and were still receiving resignations of nomina
tions. In the main that ticket was made up of
men who had sought for nominations from the
committers. If it was the best ticket, let them
vote- for it. They knew Mr. Medlll. (Applause.)
He was an honest and able man who lived aniomr
them, and did not take the nomination till urged
To do so. On the other side was the jiersistent
otliee-seeker and his family. For City* Treasurer
thev had Mr. K. K. Jones, who would not pledge
himself t° pay over deposits. Mr. Cage lead made
ami kept such a pledge. He had paid in $70,000,
which w ent|a good wavs toward {laying expenses.
Ne\l year they could do all the
political talking they wanted, but at present
while (Ukfloo people had to be fed. they had some
thing else to do. When even Eastern convicts
were sending money to help Chicago was it a time
for them to talk polities? They* wanted to build
up the city, ami make it what u once wan. Thed
imi'l all help, and the way was to vote for good
men. Lot them look at both tickets, and he hay
no doubt thev would support the Fire-Proof one.
At the General's suggestion, three chcere were
given for the Fire-Proof Ticket.
captain connett.
The Captain said mo-t of them had Ids photo
graph am! knew him pretty well. AIlhN interests
wen* in Chicago. Hero ho !iad run a canal
boat, and done everything for a living.
He had come to recommend Democrats
to vote for the Fire-Proof Ticket
a- n whole. lie did not speak ns a Democrat, but
as a citizen of Chicago, and one. who saw the city
in ashes. He was roads* to keep on sleeping with
John Jones until the cits* Is restored. Did Demo
crat-. blame him for supporting the Fire Proof
Ticket, when they had gotten up a mongrel one of
their own I It came from hi« heart when he told
them they ought to support the Fire Proof Ticket
to a main They had no politics at present, when
the remains of their ellir.ens were dug out every
davJ» When the flag wa* in' danger, the* adopted
citizen* were the tlrst to respond, and they must
do it again at this moment. As for Mr. Holden,
he had u-td hi- influence to keep on the West Side
Park nssesmeut. and take money out of the poor
men's tickets to spend it in set;ingout rose bushes
and digging tWi pond*. The people must go to
the noils, and cvcrvballot would fetch a member
of the Holden family.
W. WOOD VHP.
Mr. Woodard said that at the time of the Are.
there was no di-tmotion l»et\vcen Republicans and
Democrat-. The homeless were sheltered without
regard to religion or politics. They felt they must
fill stand together. After thattheirflrstfcelingwaH
not to have a political tight. All they wanted was
to put honest men in office. The laboring man
wanted nothing more now or at any other time
than to have hi-s money properly expended. The
city was iu debt, and poor. and
needl’d good men to keep it out
of etuharras-iuents and maintain our credit. He
believed that they should support the Fin-Proof
Ticket, because it would inspire conUdenre every
where, and nil over the world people would sec
the ritv had. without regard to party, selected
honest*men, and th.tt there was security for capi
tal. If tliev elected poor men the reputation of
the city would be ruined. If they compared the
two tickets tbev would l»c certain to vote for the
Fire-Proof one.' He had long known Mr. Holden,
and knew no one who so steadily went for seif
omi not for principle. He had fought him on too
mam* steals, nod lie wa-not honest. Mr. Holden
had favored allowing street railway,, to mL-ctheir
fares, thus taxing laboring men. but he was de
feated in it. and We-t Side men escaped
that tax. He was a member of
the West S‘d n Park Commission. whose members
thvw salaries to the amount or Sin.ooo. which
would have paid for all the work done on the
narks. He did not ix-licve iu that way of protect
ing the West Side, Ho had tried to cut off tho
fabrics but the Commisslonera said they would
rather have no bills. He then went on to mention
the abuses which had prevailed In the Board of
Supervisors and the Committee on Poor House
and Paupers, and the way In which the members
had let contracts to themselves. That would have
to be sto]»p(-d, for It wa=i one of the things that
run up their taxes, and to do it they must get
honest men. irrespective of party.
Frank I.umbard sang another eong. and tho
meeting adjourned after listening to a few stirring
remarks by E. S. Taylor.
Tltc Library- of the lion. Thomas X
Turner.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
fim: In The Tribune of thin moraine yon soy.
Among the* looses in a literary way sustained by
the flro were throe acts of Iho national archives.
Including the annals and debates in Congress and
the O.’o&e- One of these sets was
in The TniurNr hi re rr .another in the library of
the Historical Rocivry. .iiid the thirdm the private
library of Perrc K. fcmlth, Esq.” lhi*
dees not include all the sets consturh d in th_. CToat
fljo. I lost on that occasion a com* leto Bet Pv“°
national archives annals of Congress and C<m*
crfFtifnwl Globe, together with almost cvervtnm„
ixbllshcd in book form on both KldMpf the sla
very question. “Tho Rebellion and. m
fact, one of the most compile po.itKalMrjuies
In the West. Thomas J. Xcbne—
Chicago. Nov. 3.
lettrr from a Builder.
Nashville. Term., Not. L
To the Editor of The Chicago Trib) ne:
6in: lam thinking of going rp to Chicago to
help build up your city, if I can get a good plaoo
to build a shop on at reasonable terms. lean
bring with ne carpenters. 1 ri:kl?.ycra.^brick
makers, and stone masons. Tim reportA here or
the nerd of such mechanics in your cit> we very
ic.nfiicting. It I could be assured of
ploym* «t at fair ndeu 1 would fix my burlnoaaso
as to go there the fir*t of the year.
I*. J. Sextos, Carpenter an 1 BuiUtC.
SAFES.
HERRING’S
SAFES
In lit Lilt File!
In submitting the foll-m ui= Mr-ii,.-** of tha FTRJJ
PKOTECTINtJ qnalityot the UKItULXO‘3 PATENT?
SA FES. we do not wish the public t» understand thaC
here 1.-* no limit to their endurance nor that every
Herring'n Safe wa-. triumphant iu the recent firo
Some ere exposed to bla.-t* of beat that melted and
urotupthcTcryiroaaMtmapudaiingfuniaoe.eoiaa
were crushed by the falling walla and iron girders—
omc were opened Imprudently while hot or allowed Co
i cmain among tho mine amid the heated bricks ghnr
nn like a furnace or baking like.an oven; bat what tra
Oq refer to is thu great number that have preserved
their contents nod saved tho property of their owners
rlillke all grv.it fires that have preceded It, what
he fiery blast swept by, there was no water to cool tho
heated ruins—the walls having mostly fallen before tho
material witldn was consumed. The Safes were cxr»
closed iu tLe»e burning ovens until they cooled ox
themselves before they could bo rescued
In the seven hundred accidental tiros previous to
this, in which the Herring Safes havo come oat of tiny
contest triumphantly, and iu the Thirty Years of that*
uaimfitcttire, we think no record of theirs Is brighter
than the success of so many of their number in t>H.f
Burning of Chicago.*’
THE SAFES
THAT
Withstood the Fire!
inis in cm
Wc add below ONE HUNDRED
nials, received to tins date:
Chicago, Oct a, ira:
Messrs. TIF.r.RING *fc CO.
(tCMt.rMLN: in the ever memorable tiro of the 9tfe
anti fdh In-tant*. which de-troycd some TWTCmr
THOUSAND building, including the entire wholesales
business portion of tills city. we bad our valoahla
papery etc., inch**! in HEIIUING’S SAFEST
which, owing to the inten-iry of the boat and (ho want
of water, lay Imbedded in ihentins for days before they
could be sol at. an J. notwithstanding u»o unpamdldAl
trl:d. they have proved lo onr erpivtaiion*, pre.
serving our property when everything el-o was awe*C
away.
Day. Allen A Co.
Tappsn. MeKlllop A Co. {2
b niou Insurance and Trust Company sjrtn<»««tfci%v
li sales.!
Wca.ce. KirUand A Ordvray,
John V. ParvecU A Co.
11. 11. Hu-Ust
Calc A Blot* Id.
Armour, Dole A Co.
llrlnl.worth A Leopold,
ildtl, Ili noliet A Co.
A. M. Wright A Co.
itlles Rro. A Co.
Warner A PclLv.
Van schnnck. Stevenson A UWd.
Heath A Milligan.
Haskins. Martin A Wheeler.
W. If. Hoyt A Son.
la-oiul- A Follclt.
Charles Cleaver.
Tenney. McClellan A Tenser.
A. E. Neely A Co.
Stanton A Co.
George Amour.
I- a. Willard.
Singer A T.dcotl.
Jhm. .S. Kirk A Co.
J. C. MitchdL
L. P. Wright.
A. F. Dickinson.
D. Herfurth A Gnth.
Htdlnnd. Froar A WUjoo.
Dyer A Payne,
Dngcitt. Ba-feott A mil.
arter. Keeker A Dalo.
bonis Fae'sslor.
Frear Sump Manufacturing Coa^aoy.
Shandrvw A Dean.
Ge«. W. Hannla.
Ingram, Corbin A May*
W. M. Hoyt A Co.
G. Beckwith.
Bnulacr, Smith A Co.
Taylor A Thomse.
y. K. Spooner, Agent Union Lino Coaarasf.
Union Akron Cement Company.
Nonhwc.ilfrn Manufacturing Cotop«^.
Max Hrortsburp. (C., B. A Q. IL K.J
K. l\ Pulaifvr A CO.
F.Wiv^.iCO.
W. O. Sweet A CO.
J. W. Duller A Co.
H. s. Kexfoni, county Treasurer.
Gould, Briggs A Co.
Gallop A Peabody, t2 safe*,)
It. K. Norris A Co. p (2 safe-.)
Geddcs Held, Agent Geo. Smith.
Smith Bros. A Co.
Alien A Mackey,
strung A King.
Soper, Uraincrd A C«>.
Wm. It. Pago.
Murray A Ma*on.
T. W. Hamlil, Assistant Cashier U. 3. DogatiMVl
Wm. Wheeler.
11. A A. Keep.
Page A Sprague.
Gage Bros. A Co.
It. K. Bickford A Co.
Marlin Andrews.
Hale; Ayer A Co.
A. B. Van Cott A CO.
T. R. Weber A Co.
Kotr-o A Bamom.
\V. L. Barnmu.
John Ih Case.
It. 3. Taylor, Snpt Western IXi<. OmtloeotAi £oSO
Company.
Dealer; Heron, BmJlh A Co.
Clough, Stone Co.
Boynton, Foster Co.
Geo. K. Nichols.
B. K. Bickford.
Martin Andrews.
Lector, Heron, Smith A C*.
L. Harbor* Ison.
Clough. Ston? A 0 0.
Thomas A. Hill A Co.
Gilbert A lArepa.
Peter Paul Maori.
Henry Maizachec. _
David Fleming.
IT. D. KopaetL
J. Fraser.
John Mayer.
Farwcll A Co.
A. J. Newbcrger A Broi.
Adam Frederick.
CSiaa. o. French.
Foreman Brothers.
W. 11. Reid.
A IiABO-E ASSORTMENT OF
HERRING’S PATENT
CHAMPION SAFES.
Banks,
Bwelling-lloine Safes,
Vault S>o«rs,
Express Clicsts, &c.,
Constantly on hand at our Factory and ‘Wars*
room,
Cor. Fourteenth-st.
and Indiana-av.
BLANK BOOKS
Blank Books.
merchants and Bankers needing
first-class Blank Books AT ONCE,
should order from
WILSON, HINKLE Co. f
137 WALNUT-ST,
CINCINNATI. OHIO.
Giilet’s Chemical Works.
These worts are now at
No. 51 West Lake-st.,
ami have since the fire been put in complete nmnlat
urdr r, with an entire new stock of fixtures and m>-
tcrials and goods will be manufactured, and the trada
e-iipplicd as nanal. GILLET. McCC LLOOH CO.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL.
Accommodation* for the till sad winter at rerymod*
crate irleoc. liejaire it Riventd j Hotel, or it tbooC*.
fiev cf tfce
■JOfi WA BASH-A.Vi
v