local an* State tfetoB.
..-C,
Farmers’ Clubs are organizing thoughout
the State for the coming winter.
The Bridgton News has been enlarged,
showing the success of a purely local paper.
Gen. Selden Connor has returned from his
visit to Washington.
We understand that a post office called East
Jefferson has recently been established.
By the breaking of the ropes holding the
staging, on Saturday, two or three workmen
employed in painting the Mansion House fell
several feet, and one of them was slightly in
jured.
The annual communication of Bethlehem
Lodge F. and A. M., will be held at Masonic
Hall in this city, on this evening st 7 o’clock
for the election of officers and the transac
tion of other business.
We feel ourselves indebted to an intelligent
individual who sends us the following “local
“Augusta, Oct. 3.
quite an Excitement on Birch Street last
night caused by a lady of high temper which
led her into the High Stiric flttes.”
Maj. John 1). Myrick, who it now at his
home in this city, on a brief furlough, says
that he hat recently travelled over twenty
one railroad lines, and finds none so thorough
ly equipped and in good running order as the
Maine Central.
Messrs. Myers Huntley’s Theatrical
Company, with the well known attraction of
Miss Fanny Herring in several prominent
characters, will open for three evenings at the
Town Hall in^ Waterville, this evening.
Theatre goers there may expect some fine act
ing.
The funeral of the late General Baclielder
took place at his late residence in lieadfleld,
yesterday. It was largely attended by his
friends and neighbors who had ever enter
tained for the deceased the warmest friend
ship and kindest regards. We omitted to
state in our notice of Saturday, that the im
mediate cause of Gen. Bachelder’s death was
the rapture of a blood vessel in the base of
the brain.
The Governor and Council met on Satur
day and confirmed the nominations that had
been made the week previously. Hon. M.
D. L. Lane, the newly appointed Judge o
the Superior Court of Cumberland county,
appeared and was qualified. The Attorney
General was instructed to settle with VVm.
Dickey, Ksq., in regard to the disposition of
the school funds in Aroostook county. The
Council will meet again on the 21st inst at
which time there will be a hearing on the
contested election of county officers in
Aroostook and Hancock counties.
The Maine Central railroad have just com
pleted at their car shop in this city, the put
ting in of a force and suction pump, which
furnishes even at the slow rate at which it is
run, about thirty-six gallons of water an hour
from the Kennebec river. An excavation six
feet square was made from the basement of
the north end of the car shop containing the
stationary engine, directly towards the river.
In this excavation a plank box has been built
of sufficient capacity that a man may walk
the whole length under ground. In this box
runs a line of shafting that connects with the
pump some twenty feet below draining the
water from the river and forcing it into the
Company’s tanks for their stationary engines
and locomotives. The plumbing has been ad
mirably done by Messrs. I. D. Merrill Co.,
of Portland. We congratulate the Company
on having at last secured an inexhaustible
supply of water, with Moosehead lake as a
reservior.
The new amusement hall at the National
Asylum in this city, will be completed
about Christmas. Although not so large and
expensive at the building that was destroyed
by fire, the present one has many conven
iences that were lacking in the first building
erected. In the basement story is a billiard
saloon, which will contain four tables, a guard
room and the headquarters of the police. The
guard room for unruly or disobedient individ
uals is so constructed that persons in confine
ment can neither break out of it or burn it
up. In the second story is the hall to be used
for lectures, theatricals, &c., and capable of
seating an audience of 800. There is a small
gallery over the main entrance for the or
chestra. The size of the hall is 50 by 45 feet;
the stage is 45 feet long and 85 feet deep,
forming a half circle in front and neatly pan
neled. Drop scenery is to be provided. Mr.
Hall of Belfast is now frescoing the amuse
ment hall and painting the scenery. The
third story will be finished into dormitories
and sleeping cots provided for fifty persons.
The entire building will be heated by steam
and lighted by gas.
Mrs. Sarah Jane McClure waa arraigned in
the Hallowell municipal court on Saturday for
an aaaault upon one Mra. Evans, on the morn
ing of the first inst. It appears that for a
long time these two ladies, both residing in
the city, had been at loggerheads. On the
morning in question Mrs. McClure had just
returned from Boston, whither she had been
<o have some teeth extracted. As she was on
iher way from the boat to her residence on
Water street, carrying in her hand a large
bundle and clasping in the other an umbrella
which was spread above her head, the afore
said umbrella came in contact with the head
gear of Mrs. Evans, tearing down her “back
hair," knocking her hat. on one side of her
head, and carrying away her veil upon
the point of the umbrella. The defendant
stated in court that she was also violently
pushed from the walk and called lots of
naughty names by the accused, all of which
statements Mrs. McClure denied. The facts
appear to be that hard words had passed be
tween the ladies, and as no greater dam
age waa done than the tearing of the veil of
Mrs. Evans, his honor, the Judge, concluded
to let the accused go free by paying the cost
of the damaged article, which she concluded
to do.
McCleach A Company’s Works.
The machine works of McClench Co. at
Hallowell were established thirty-five years
ago by the late Isaiah McClench, father of
the McClench brothers, the present proprie
tors and operators. Probably no similar es
tablishment on the river, or even in the State,
has maintained for so long a period to high
a reputation for skill, workmanship and fair
dealing. A large number of very fine ma
chines for various purposes, have been turned
out of this establishment. The torrent last
spring caused by the breaking of the Vaug
han brook reservoir dam, tore in pieces the
blacksmith building, but it has been replaced
the past summer by a better one; also an ad
dition of about 20 feet has been made to the
length of the main building, thereby greatly
increasing the accommodations; near by is a
large foundry building. The main building
is of two stories; the first is devoted to the
machine works proper, which are superin
tended more particularly by J. Frank Mc
Clcnch. The power is from an engine of
ample capacity, that wa9 put in last year.
The machine shop is literally full of tools and
machines for the making of everything in the
iron and steel line from a horse-shoe upwards.
An oil carpet printing machine for the
Messrs. Sampson in their New York manu
factory, has just been completed and shipped;
its cost is about 910,000. In the second
story is the woodshop, which is under the
general oversight of Geo. B. McClench,
where the patterns used below, and the wood
portions of the machines are constructed.
Mr. L. L. Allen, a workman of widely ac
knowledged skill, has long been, and we be
lieve is still, foreman of this department.
Some twenty men have been constantly em
ployed in the works of McClench Co. the
past season. That the firm may prosper
liberally, as it deserves, is the hope of the
writer.
The following strong certificate as to the
curative virtues of Miss Sawyer’s Salve, we
clip from the Patten Voice:
Reward of Merit.—We are happy to lay
before our readers the following cure, effect
ed by the use of Mrs. Sawyer’s Salve.
Mr. Silas Bryant of Sherman, has been af
flicted for years with what the doctors pro
nounced a scrofulous cancer. He consulted
the most skillful physicians in vain, and was
finally induced to try Mitt Sawyer't Salre
and now after using the fourth dollar box, he
is entirely cured, and enjoys perfect health.
Save Your Doctor's Bills.—When Dr.
Wister’s Balsam of Wild Cherry will cure
coughs, colds, bleeding at the lungs, and ar
rest the fell destroyer, Consumption, it does
more than most physicians can do. The use
of a single bottle, costing one dollar, will sat
isfy the incredulous that they need look no
farther for the required aid.
octC-f&wlw
Housekeepers and heads af families can
find the Halford at their grocer’s.
JHarrUD.
In Dexter, 22d ult., Charles 8. Boynton to Miss
Koxie A. Weymouth, both of St. Albaus.
In Exeter, fifth ult., James M. Ilill to Miss Ella S.
Prescott, both of Exeter.
In Skowhegan, 25th ult., Rev. William If. Rand.
Pastor of the Cong’l Church at Oldlowu to Miss
Clara A. Spaulding of Bingham.
zuieh.
In Riverside, 22J ult., Mrs. Permelia, wife of
William W. Snell, aged 65 rears and 6 months.
In St. Stephen, 27th ult., Wm. L. Stevens, former
ly of Bangor, aged 48 years.
In Bangor, 31st ult., of typhoid fever, Nathan S.
Tabor of stetson, aged 16 years and 9 months.
In Readfleld, 4th inst., Gen. James R. Bachelder,
aged 78 years.
Augusta Savings Bank.
ORGANIZED IN 1848.
DEPOSITS NOV. 1, INTI,
1,451,000.13
Deposits made on or before the FIRST MON
DA Y of any month, will be placed on Interest the
FIRST DAY of the same mouth.
Dividends of the net earnings of the Bank, are
made Aug. 1, and Feb. 1, on all sums which have
been on deposit one full month before dividend day
Money loaned to depositors at any time on a
pledge of Deposit Book.
Ofiee la Savings Baak Building, Bo. 1T4 Water St
JulyB-tAwtf W. Xi. SMITH, Treas.
Elastic Sponge
Mattresses,
Pillows,
Pew Cushions,
Car and Carriage Cushions.
SPONGE BY THE BALE OR POI ND.
We invite the public to call and examine our
“Elastic Sponge” goods, which we are now Celling
in large quantities, and which are giving great
satisfaction.
Sponge makes a softer Mattress than Hair, and
will hold its elasticity much longer. For Cushion
ing Churches, Halls, Theatres, Steam and Horse
Cars, it will be found the best article in use, and
is warranted proof against moths.
We should be pleabed to send Circular of refer
ence to any who desire.
Haley, Moj-ho Co.
SOLE AOEXTS FOR Xi. K. STATES,
411 Washington Street, Boston.
nov3-t4w4w
PEER L ESS
PARLOR COAL
STOVES,
You will never regret buying It.
A. P. GOULD,
WATER ST., NEAR R. R. BRIDGE.
AUGUSTA.
nov3-ftf
Notice to Teachers.
1M1E Superintending School Committee of Au
gusta will be in session at tho
Council Chamber, Granite Building,
Wednesday, Nov. 8th, at 2 o’clock I*. M., and each
succeeding Wednesday for three weeks, for the
purpose of examining teachers for the winter
schools.
C. F. TENNEY, Supt. School
DAVID.CAUGILL, Committee
GEO. E. WEEKS, Jof Augusta.
Augusta, Oct. 25, 1871.
oct28 w2wtlw
MAGEE
PORTABLE RANGE,
Ahead of all others.
A. P. GOULD,
£1 Door North of Railroad Bridge,]
Water street, Augusta.
noYS ftf
LAST NOTICE.
Secure Your Christmas And
Yew Year Gifts.
$1,000/000$
By the authority of the act ot the Legislature of
Kentucky, of March is, 1871, the Truateea of the
Public Library of Kentucky, will give a
ftIUSD tiirr CONCERT.
AT LOUISVILLE, KV„
Saturday, December 18, 1871.
100,000 TICKETS OF ADMISSION, $10 EACH
CURRENCY; HALF TICKETS, $5; QUARTER
TICKETS, $2 .70.
Ticket, will bo acnt by registered letter; the
mont-y for them may be sent by P. O. money order,
greenbacks, or draft.
Each ticket consists of four quarters, value $2 SO
each. The holder is entitled to admission to the
Concert, and to tue value of the gift awarded to it
or its fraction.
»»S0,000 IN ORKKNIIACKS will be dis
tributed to holders of tickets, in gilts of from $100.
uOO, the highest, to $100, the lowest, being 721 girts in
all.
The Concert is for the benefit of the
Public Library or Kentucky,
THE CITIZENS, BANK OF KY. IS TREASURER,
and the Corporators and Supervisors are the Hon.
Thomas E. Brumlette, late Governor of Kentucky,
and twenty-seven of the most distinguished and re
spectable citizens of the State.
The undersigned, late principal business manager
of the very successlul Gift Concert for the benefit
of the Mercantile Library at San Francisco, has
been appointed Agent and Manager of this Grand
Gilt Concert.
The drawing and distribution will take place in
public, and everything will be done to satisfy the
buyers of tickets that their interests will be as well
protected as if they were personally present to su
perintend the entire affair.
For tickets and information apply to
C. It. PETERS, 110 xMain St., Louisville, Ky.,
No. 8 Astor House, New York.
H. N. llempsted, No. 410 Broadway,
Milwaukee, Wis.
M. A. French, Virginia City, Nevada
M A. Wolf, No. 310 Chestnut Street, St. Louis.
Tickets also for sale iu every prominent place in
the U. S.
Owing to the general derangement of mails and
advertisements consequent on ihe disastrous con
flagrations in the West, the sale of tickets in this en
terprise is extended to Nov. 30,1871, at which time
the main office, 120 Main street, Louisville, Ky
will close for adjustment of accounts and business.
No orders except by mail will be received after
Dec. 1st, and no orders by mail will be filled after
Dec. 10th; the New York office will close Dec. 10th;
ther agencies Dec. 5th. Every ticket unsold
I>ec 14th will be cancelled bv its number.
The drawing will take place in public, Dec. l*>th,
1871, commencing at 7 a. in., and continue until the
721 gifts are awarded. Payment of awards will
commence Dec. 19, at 0 o’clock a. ni. Circulars of
awards will be found at every agency as soon as
they can be issued correctly, and will also bs sent
to all ticket buyers as soon ds possible. No order
will be filled at main office for less than $10.
ClIAN. K. PETERS, Manager.
novl-feodlm
RELIABLE
FIRE INSURANCE
EFFECTED IN
Sound Companies!
After paying all Liabilities by the Chicago fire,
these Companies stain 1 as fellows,
HARTFORD
OF HARTFORD,
SI* 5 00,000.00
PHCENIX
or iiautfoud,
$1,100,000.00.
INS. CO. OF N. AMERICA,
$2,547,300.00.
FRANKLIN,
$2,768,918.39.
NATIONAL,
$500,000.00.
OF LIVERPOOL AND LONDON,
Sio, ooo^ooo. oo.
BENJ. DAVIS CO., Agents,
Wuter Street, nearly opposite Post Office,
novl-flm AUGUSTA.
KENNEBEC SAVINGS BANK.
Deposits mode on op before the
First Monday of any month
will he dutedbaek to the First
day of the same month..
On Firm Monday in May and November of each
vear a dividend of the Net earnings of the Rank
will he made on all deposits standing at those dates,
which have been on deposit one Rill month.
Dividends as soon as declared are added to the
principal, thus compounding the interest every six
months.
Loans made to depositors on depositing their
Uank Rook as security.
Office in Freeman’s Bank Building.
J. L. ADAMS, Treasurer.
sepS-tiwtira
EXCELLENT BARGAINS.
Prices Low and Terms Easy.
A TWO STOllY HOUSE, with L, 9 rooms; good
,‘v cellar and cistern; new stable; large lot and
a number of fruit trees.
A cottage house of seven rooms, and lot.
Several fine building lots.
Terms easy. Apply to
E. W. WHITEHOUS*.
Office: Freemans Bank Building,
s*p5f __Augusta, Marne.
OFFICE OF TBE
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE AND MARINE
Insuranoe Co.
Springfield, Mass., Oct. 25th, 1871.
To Oyr Agents:—As many of the Companies
have been deceived in the amount of their Chicago
Losses, we conclude at this late day to make the
following Statement which we Anow to be correct.
Assets at Market Value, $1,077,000
Chicago Losses not over $450,000
All oilier outstanding Losses, 47,220 $497,220
$579,780
This will give us our Capital of $500,000 entire,
and Surplus of $7V,7MO, and we expect a Sal
vage of over $25,000 at Chicago.
Our Adjusters are paying all Losses at Chicago
in Cash as fast as they can be adjusted.
Our Directors and Stockholders are pledged to
pay to the Company pro rata on their Stock $.125,000
within thirty days as a Reserve against all out
standing risks, in accordance with the Laws of
Massachusetts and New York. This will give us
Capital and Surplus of
OVER $900,000
After paying all outstanding losses.
Yours very truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN, President.
DWIGHT R. SMITH, Vice Pros’t.
SANFORD J.HALL, Secretary.
W. F. HALLETT,
oct2S-w4wt2w
OFFICE HOURS, 10 TO 12 A. M~
J. B. BELL, M.
Gprner Oak and State Street*.
•eptKHAwly*
BY TELEGRAPH
TO TIIK
Daily Kennebec Journal.
EUBOPEAN NEWS, Sto.
London.
London, 4. The correspondence and news
paper controversy in regard to the authors
rights and an international copy right law,
which have been attracting the notice of the
literary world for some time past, have taken
so personal a turn and have become so
heated that the Times of this forenoon de
clares its intention to close its columns to any
further accommodations on the subject. Al
ready one libel suit has grown out of the con
troversy, Mrs. Morton having brought prose
cution against one of the writers on the sub
ject.
Letters from Paris represent the offering of
testimonials to Minister Washhurne, Thurs
day, to have’been a very agreeable affair. A
number of Americans waited upon the min
ister and presented silver ware consisting of
an elegant dinner and tea service of fine sil
ver from American mines, and of American
manufacture. An appropriate address recit
ing that the tokens were offered as an earnest
of the donors respect, gratitude and admira
tion for the Minister’s distinguished public
services, and his kindness to all Americans
who remained in Paris during the seige, ac
companied the gifts. Mr. Washburne ac
cepted the testimonial and replied to the ad
dress in a few graceful remarks, in which he
took occasion to acknowledge and praise the
zealous co-operation of Calhoffman, the sec
retary of legation, and other members of the
diplomatic household.
The supplement to the official gazette has
been issued. It contains proclamation from
the Queen announcing further poroguing of
Parliament to Dec. 27th.
Berlin.
Berlin, 4. The Keichstag to-day passed
the w&r funds bill. During the debate prior
to its passage Prince Bismark urged on mem
bers the necessity, in the present aspect of
European affairs, of strengthening the coun
try by thus empowering the Emperor to act
promptly and freely under any adverses or
threatening circumstances which might arise.
Passage of the war fund bill which was rec
commended in the emperor’s address at the
opening of the Keichstag would leave His
Majesty unshackled, and would virtually
place Prussia in a position to act upon the of
fensive or defensive. No complications are
at present apparent.
Madrid.
Madrid, 4. It ia believed that an attack on
the Government by republican!, under the
Jead of Senor Zorilla will be made in Cortea
during the coming week, on the aubject of
the manner in dealing with international so
ciety. Zenor Zorilla and Sogaata are wild
ly at variance on this point. The later sup
porting the government heartily. A com
promise between Sogaata and Zorilla. which
has up to this time been discussed and an
ticipated among conservatives republicans is
now thought to be impossible, as the agita
tion of this matter of treatment of Interna
tionals is sure to produce a rupture.
Prague.
Prague, 4. In Bohemian Diet to-day an
imperial rescript was read, emphasizing the
supremacy of the fundamental loans of the
empire, and pointing out their superiority
over any mere local statutes or customs. The
emperor declares that these general loans can
only be altered in the manner prescribed in
the general constitution. He warns the Diet
against any attempt to nullify or disregard
them, and expects Bohemia to send her usual
representatives to the Keichsrath declaring at
same time that a failure or refusal to do this
will involve gravest consequences, and that
the responsibility rests solely with the mem
bers of the Diet.
Constantinople.
Constantinople, 4. Franchi, the Papal
envoy has taken his departure, having failed
in his efforts to obtain any guarantees from
the Sultan in regard to the statues of catholic
subjects of Turkey. The Sublime Porte per
sistently refuses to enter into any discussion
of the condition of Christian subjects.
Yellow Fever.
Charleston, S. C., 4. Two deaths occurred
from yellow fever to-day.
Telegraph News In General.
Detroit, Mich., 4. The Michigan Relief
Committee state that the contribution of
clothing is so generous that the supply is
ample, but farming utensils, building material
and provisions are sadly needed.
Savannah, 4. Collector Robb has returned
and ia in charge of the Custom House.
Rochester 4. Frederick Douglass was
unanimously nominated this evening as re
publican candidate for the assembly.
Fortress Monroe, 4. Two hundred colored
emigrants from the interior of the State took
passage on the ship Edith and Rose for Li
beria.
Atlanta, Ga., 4. Acting Governor Con
ley'* menage was read to-day. He said
nothing about the elections. He' hope* there
will be no ground for further reconstruction,
promises retrenchment and says that he can
not yet tell of the disposition of the State
bonds, but urges an investigation of the mat
ter. He counsels the execution of the law,
and promises to use the pardoning power
sparingly. He advocates free education, but
opposes mixed schools, and desires that the
obligations of ^be State shall be faithfully
met.
Jackson, Miss., 4. The State election for
members of legislature and county officers
occurs next Tuesday. Great activity prevails
in both political parties. It is thought that
the contest will be very close and that the
majority in either party in the legiature will
be small.
Buffalo, 4. The German Telegraph has
substituted the name of W. G. Fargo, dem.,
for L. L. Lewis, republican, at a candidate
for State Senator. The Telegraph it the
leading German republican paper, and states
a change was made because Lewis voted for
all the Tweed bills last year.
Coburg, Ont., 4. David Banagar was sen
tenced to be hung Dec. 14th, for murdering
his wife.
Matamoras, 1. Advices from Monterey
to Oct. 2fith, say Trevino was still outside of
Satillo. He had enough men but^iot suf
ficient arms and artillery to attack. A state
of seige was maintained in Satillo by Cerillo.
The Government commanders and the people
were required to retire to their houses early.
Martinez on the other side of Satillo has cut
off communication with the interior. Monterey
papers publish captured correspondence of
Cerillo, asking for additional artillery. It is
reported that Corona is on hi* way to take
command of the Government forces. Isldra
Trevino, Governor elect of Cobuaila, who
joined the revolutionary movement of Gen
eral Trevino died from exposure in the camp
of the latter. Cattle stealing on the Kio
Grande is at an end. The thieves have all
joined Cortina, who is preparing to attack
Navanjo near Mier.
New* From Washington.
Washington, 4. Three hundred staked
plain Indians desire peace, and more will
come in as soon as cold weather sets in.
The Secretary of the Interior has not and
will not express any opinion of the guilt or
innocence of Judge Wright till the investi
gation of his alleged frauds on Indians is
concluded.
New* from New York.
New York, 5. Charle* O’Connor address
ed the voter* of 19th ward last evening in ex
position of the ring frauds and in denuncia
tion of Tweed.
Tweed addressed his supporters in the 13th
ward, asking, he said, for justice and fair
play, which were denied him by partisan
foes, and claiming that a re-election will be
an endorsement of his cause.
The names of two ladies, Mrs. Francis
Itose McKinley and Mrs. Annie Kemble
were registered yesterday in the 19th ward.
The Times says that this year’s registration
probably includes far less of the repeating
element than 1870, and believes that the vote
will come closely up to registry, which is the
'argest ever known, and that the entire in
crease is due to voters who went for reform.
Samuel A. Lewis has withdrawn from the
Senatorial contest iu the 5th district in favor
of Benedict who is now the sole opponent of
Norton.
John H. Anthon, Grand Master of the Ma
sons in this state, has declined a nomination
for Judge of Superior Court.
The present Tammany aldermen and ass’t
aldermen are to be voted for on Tuesday with
out formal re-nomination.
The Tammanites of 11th, lGth and 17th
wards have repudiated Judge Ledwith.
The order for the arrest of Ingersoll will
be returned to the court to-morrow by the
Sheriff, endorsed “not served.”
Boiler Explosion.
Cikcinnatti, Ohio, 4. A special dispatch
to the Chronicle from Portsmouth says, a ter
rible explosion took place this afternoon at
the railroad depot. The mail train stood at
the depot, and while the fireman was taking
in coal, the boiler exploded. Geo. Valkner
was blown fifty feet into the air and fell a
mangled corpse two hundred yards distant.
Adam Schilling, the fireman, was instantly
killed, the top of his head being blown off.
Henry Burtfiseman and Adam Wanesler were
injured. Fragments of the boiler weighing
30 to 50 pounds were blown several squares
and fell through the roofs of houses, some
passing over whirf and boats and dropping
into the river. The front of the boiler was
blown forward and buried in the rear end of
an express car. The boiler had just been
patched up and was twenty years old, and
considered bad. The depot was badly wreck
ed. There were but few persons at the depot
or the loss of life would have been greater.
The Weather.
War Dkrabthrst, 1
Office of the Chief Signal Officer.
Washington, Not. 5.—7 P. M. j
Probabilities.
The area of the highest barometer will
probably continue .on the Lakes and move
eastward on Monday into Pennsylvania and
New England. Easterly winds will continue
on the Lakes, veering to the southeast from
Michigan to Lake Superior, and increasing
to brisk on Lake Erie. Northwesterly winds
will continue on the East Atlantic, veering to
the northeast and east. Pleasant weather
will continue in the South Atlantic and Gulf
States. Dangerous winds are not anticipated
unless possibly for a short time in the south
ern portion of Lake Michigan and the west
ean portion of Lake Erie.
Disaster to a Whaling Fleet.
San Francisco, 5. The steamship Moses
Taylor, from Honolulu and Australia, reports
a terrible disaster to the Arctic whaling fleet
which was caught in the ice. Thirty-three
vessels were crushed or abandoned. The
captains of the whalers Arctic, Gayhead,
Minerva, Eliza, Swill, Reindeer, Eugenia
and Pacid had arrived at Honolulu and fur
nished the following details. The vessels
commenced arriving, says Capt. Thadeus, on
the first of May. On the first of June the
ice opened and let the fleet up within sight of
Cape Navarine. The fleet working north
ward found some whalers crossing the Sea of
Anadyr, and in the Behring sea more and
plenty, but experienc'd much trouble from ice
and when the fleet arrived at Cape Behring
and Flower Bay, the whalers had passed
through into the Arctic ocean, whither the
fleet followed, meeting with fair success till
the first of Sept., when ice floes and bergs to
a great extent commenced drifting down, and
by the 10th a number of vessels had been
sunk and the bulk of the remainder were
ashore. On Sept. 2d the brig Comet sunk,
and on the 7th the Roman was drifted bodily
out to sea by two floes, and crushed like and
egg shell, the crew narrowly escaping. The
Florida and Victoria, of San Francisco, were
also crushed Sept. 13th. The captains of the
fleet hemmed in between Point Belcher and
Wainmight inlet, held a meeting and resolv
ed to abandon the vessels in order to save
the lives of the crews, which was done, and
1200 sailors took refuge on board the remaind
er of fleet which had been fortunate enough
to escape outside before the ice had closed in
the vessels.
The vessels abandoned are the Concordia,
Gayhead, George John Wells, Massachusetts,
J. D. Thompson, Contest, G. Morgan,
Champion, Henry Taber, E. Swift, C. Coock
er, Mary, Reindeer, Fanny, Geo. Howland,
Pacif, Eugenia, Kaboola and T. Dickinson.
It is supposed that the whole number lost will
reach 33. The vessels known to be safe with
oil secured are as follows Arctic with 480
barrels; Progress, 230; Chance, 220 sperm
and 280 whale; Daniel Webster, 250; La
goda. 275; Europa, 330; Medos, 450 whale
and 140 sperm. All the abandoned vessels
it is believed will be a total loss, there being
little chance of recovering even the cargoes
in the spring. The Captain of the Florida
arrived here by the Motes Taylor. The news
created the greatest excitement at Honolulu
and here.
FINANCIAL ft COMMERCIAL.
New York Honey Harkei.
N«w York, November4.
Gold closed at 111*
United States Sixes (coupons), 1881
8-20's 1862,
\t«, Jan. July,
-40’s,iooupons){

cs 102*
Union j.,0
New York stock Harket.
New York, November, 4.
Mariposa 1*, do pld., 1*; Canton Co. 72 Cum
berland Co. 38 Western Union Tel. Co., 01*
Quicksilver Mining Co,, 17* Paciflc Mail, 46V
Boston Water Power, 38 Adams Kx. Co..
Wells, Fargo Co., American Merchants Uu
U. 8. Kx. Co., N.Y. Central A Hudson
River, DU* do. scrip. 85* Erie, 28* do. pld. 00
Uarlcm, 123 do. pfd 122* Reading. 108* Mich.
Central, 116 Lake Shore and Michigan Southern
100*; Illinois Central 130 ;Clevelaud A Pittsburg,
123*; Chicago A North Western, 00*; do. pfd 85*;
Chicago A Rock Island, Nil* Mil. A St. Paul 56*
do. pld., 77 Toledo, Wabush A Western, do*;
do. pfd 80 Pittsburg A Fort Wayne, U6 Terre
Haute, do. pfd Alton, 113 do, pfd 110
Ohio A Miss., 38* Boston, Hartford A Erie. 2.
New York Produce Harket.
Nrw York, November, 4.
COTTON—sales 3618 bales; mid. uplandBl8*.
FLOUB—8100; state 5850 720; round hoop Ohio
6770726 western 6 800 7 00; southern 68009 25.
WHEAT 112000 bu; No. 2 spring 15301 58 new
,6o 2 do ;winter red audamber western 54 058.
CORN—88UOO new mixed western 70 077*:
00
OATS—sales 89000 western 51052
PORK— new mess, 013.15. old. 13.25
RICK—Carolina, 7**8
SUGAR Porto Rico, 0 Muscovado,8*09*
I JMBorasrr
Chicago Produce Market.
Chicaqo, November 4.
coi&^r
s^Noif,sTNo1
BARLEY-03 for No. 2.
MESS PORK- 12.75
LARD—Mf.
LIVE HOGS—425.
RECEIPTS—7000 flour, 00 000 wheat 120 000 cor®
6,000 oats. 43000 barley, 18.000 hogs.
SHIPMENTS—4U00 flour, 6,000 corn 13 GOO oats
108000 barley 3,000 hogs.
Cincinnati Produce SI ark it
Cincinnati, November 4.
MESS PORK—12 50
LARD US.
BULK MEATS—Bkles 7
BACON—shoulder, 7 clear rib dsldes 7X
WHI8KKY—88.
The Fearful Tragedy at Lewiston.
We gather from the Lewiston Journal of
Saturday the following particulars of the sui
cide of the two girl* at Lewiston on Friday,
briefly alluded to in our last daily
The family of Mr. Cyrus Cobb, living on
Court street, observed the two girls, at about
II :30 o’clock, sitttng on the Auburn shore
of the river, on the verge of the West Pitch
of the falls, a very dangerous place. They
tripped lightly down the rocks, removed their
outer garments, including their hat's and re
turned to their seats on the rocks. As the
one o'clock train passed over the railroad
bridge near by, Miss Cobb says that she saw
the girls rise, each throw her arm around the
other's waist, and in this embrace, they with
apparently one consent, leaped from the shore
into the falls. Miss Cobb turned to her fa
iher: “Father they have jumped together
into falls.” The facts speedily became
known and crowds gathered in the vicinity
of the scene of the terrible tragedy, but noth
ing could be discovered but the garments,
bearing silent and at the same time sad wit
ness of the tragedy. The clothing was dis
tinctly visible to crowds, and was found on a
spur of the ledge, about opposite the main
plunge of West pitch. It was not rolled np
carefully, but seemed to have been laid down,
each article as it had been removed from the
person. The clothing, which consisted of
their hats, a waterproof cloak, a shawl and a
black over-skirt, with a mass of false hair,
was of rather indifferent quality, yet appar
ently tidy. Tinned into the water-proof was
a brooch of seine black atone, with a medal
lion face in white in the center of the stone—
the whole set in gold. Tinned to the ribbon
of the hat were two ten-cent bills.
An examination of the premises established
the fact that the suicides—as they seem to
have leaped from the point where they first
sat down—threw themselves from the flat
rock which forms a level platform close to
the water’s edge, near the foot of the first
descent of West Pitch, which consists of two
falls. The first is a slight plunge upon a
table rock; then a light fall for a hundred feet,
more or less then a great cataract, which at
present, is a fearful-fall of water, rolling down
into a cliasam, many feet from the base of
the first fall. Here, just beyond the base of
the first fall, they seem to have thrown them
selves into the river. It must have been a
headlong leap with the current. Miss Cobb
saw them no more. They fell and were
plunged into the torrent and out of the world,1
in a moment.
Miss Starbird of Auburn and others, iden
tify the clothing as belonging to Ada Brown
of Buckfleld, and Anna Wood of Hartford,
young girls 16 and 14 years of age. Miss
Starbird says that both girls were at her home
on Hampshire street, Auburn, Thursday eve
ning and appeared in excellent spirits. Anna
Wood left No. 4 Bates Block on Thursday,
where she had been since Saturday. When
she left she said she was going to work in a
gentleman’s family in this city. The land
lady paid her 83 cents, her dueVhen she left.
Ada Brown has worked in the Androscoggin
Mill and lias been of late at No. 2 Bates cor
poration. While Miss Wood was at No. 4,
Ada Brown c-lled frequently and Miss Brown
and herself went out together several eve
nings. Miss Brown came here three weeks
since. Her father, John Brown, is a farmer
residing in Buckfleld.
Her landlady says that Miss Wood appear
ed cheerful when she left her house, though
she had complained of sickness caused by
eating lobster. It is not yet certain where
the girls spent the night. They were seen
passing up Court street. Auburn, at'JP. M.
A young man recognized the pin as one lie
gave one of the girls. Ira Foster says he
saw both on the street at 9 o’clock in the
morning. Miss Brown’s older sister has
been at work in the city, and is frantic with
grief at the sad tragedy. She left this after
noon to carry the sad news to her parents.
Miss Wood’s father is dead. Her mother
is now in Massachusetts. Both the girls had
an appointment to meet the older Miss Brown
in the morning, but their failure to meet it
caused her to go out to look after them. The
bodies have not yet been recovered.
DIAIE NEWS.
The Keporter says that at the shoe factory
meeting in Gardiner on Wednesday evening,
the remarks of L. Clay, Esq ,.who was called
upon to qxpros his opinion were sound, com
mon-sense views of our situation, and many
ot his suggestions timely &nd well put. Al
though there seemed to be some difference of
opinion as to the best branch ot manufacture
to engage in, the feeling of the meeting was
decidedly in faverof encouraging parties who
would engage in some kind of manufacturing
enterprise. On motion of Hon. N. O. Mitch
ell, the committee appointed to negotiote with
the Lynn parties not being ready to report,
they were instructed to report to the City
Government. After a fair discussion of the
matter, a former resolution was then taken
up, amended and passed with but two dissent
ing votes, as follows:
Voted, That we recommend that the City
Government loan, without interest, for ten
years, a sum not exceeding $30,000, to any
responsible party that will establish in the
City of Gardiner a shoe or any other manu
factory that shall employ two hundred work
men, and that said manufacturing establish
ment be exempted from taxation for the term
of ten years.
Mr. C. Bliss of the late firm of G. C.
Bliss of Freeport, the senior member of which
died some two years ago, is also dead. He
started on a Western tour for the benefit of
his health hut being in Chicago at the time of
the fire suffered exposure woich Imd a bad ef
fect and his death took place at Council Bluff's.
He married a daughter oi C.tpt. E. Soule.
The Lewiston Journal says that a few days
since while Mr. Marshal Ford was at work
on a building, a workman a.tempted to strike
a post with an axe, when the head separated
from the handle, and flying about eight feet
struck Mr. F. over ‘he left eye. He was
knocked senseless, but recovered shortly.
Mr. Louis King of Waterville, was thrown
from his wagon on Saturday last, and severe
ly injured. He was insensible when taken
up, and thus a report was on the street that
ho was dead but he afterward revived, and
is naw doing well.
The Maine Central Hailroad Co., are build
ing a new car-house on their depot grounds
iu Bangor.
The dogs are still busy in their pursuit of
mutton, in this vicinity, and within a week
have left the marks of their teeth upon two
sheep belonging to Mr. Albion Emery, in a
pasture near that of Mr. Shores. Couldn’t
soma of our sportsmen find something to
shoot in that locality ?—[Waterville Mail.
A lady in Brunswick, noticing the ravages
of rum in that town, cries out, in the bitter
ness of her heart, through the columns of the
Telegraph, "Is there no Joshua Nye for
Brunswick.”
A Lodge of Sorrow, in memory of the late
Abner B. Thompson, Sot. Grand Inep. Gen
eral and Deputy for the State of Maine, was
held Friday evening at Masonic Hall in Port
land, under the auspices of the Masons of
the Scottish Kite. A euology was pro
nounced by Dr. Josiah H. Drummond.
Kotzschmar presided at the organ and the
vocal music given by Bros. Twombly, Boss
and Hudson. The services were very sol
emn.
Shorey of the Bridgton News, reads a lec
ture to bis friend Hall of the Portland Moni
tor, (the spiritualistic paper,) for pretending
to be a temperance man, anil yet advertising
“New England Hum” in bis columns, and
calls upon him to cast out the bad spirits.
The Oxford county boys are organizing
squirrel hunts.
The attempt of Mr. Ellbridge Austin to
run split cord-wood from Peru to Lewiston in
the Androscoggin river proved a failure and
the wood had to be taken out of the river
seven miles above Lewiston; of 360 cords
that were started about 100 were lost and the
remainder it said to be in a damaging con
dition.
A public meeting has been held iu Bruns
wick, in aid of Western sufferers, and a com
mittee appointed to solicit money, clothing,
bedding, Ac.
Building continues active in Kendail’s Mills.
Dwellings are being erected in different parts
of the village.
NEWS BY MAIL.
George Marston of New Hampshire has
been pointed Supervisor of Internal Revenue
for Georgia and Florida, in place of General
Kryconowski, removed.
The barque Edith Rote it about to leave
Norfolk, Va., with a company of some two
hundred and twenty colored emigrants for
Liberia, going out under the auspice* of tha
American Colonization Society.
Gen. Sickles, Collector of Internal Revenue
for the Fourth Pennsylvania District, hat
been tendered the Pension Agency at Phila
delphia, in place of Forbes, removed. It it
stated that Forbes's friends will make good
his defalcation, which it is now ascertained
amounts to $30,000, and that the Government
will lese nothing.
The canvass in New York shows some signs
of the all pervading woman movement. Mary
A. Leland writes thus to the Sun “Learn
ing this morning that Victoria C. Woodhull
and Tennie C. Claflin bad registered to vote
at the coming election, I at once proceeded
to the registration office of my district, the
19th, of the Sixteenth Ward, from which I
have just returned, having registered, and
without opposition. The officers simply re
ferred to the Constitution of the United States,
under which I claimed the right to vote, and
finding no restrictions as to sex, they permit
ted my registration. The members of the
board were as courteous, polite and gentle
manly at those I am accustomed to meet in
my parlor, and though I had been assured
that obstacles in the shape of vulgarity would
deter women from appreaching the polls, I
am glad to find the same respect shown to
women by men in the church, theatre, rail
way train, or even street cars, is extended to
them in the halls of registration, and will, I
firmly believe, welcome her at the polls on
election day.” Many other similar cases have
occurred.
Cheap Farms Free Homes!
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
A LAND GEANT OF
10.000. 000 AOHBS
OF THE
Best Firmiig aid literal ludi ii Aairic*.
3.000. 000 Acres of Choice Farming and Grac
ing Lands on the line of (lie road, in the
State of Nebraska, la the Great Platte Valle;,
now foe sale, for cash or long credit.
These lands are in a mild and health; climate,
anil fur grain-growing and stock-raising, unsur
passed by an; in the United Statea.
Prices range from $2 to $10 per Acre.
HOMESTEADS forAOTUAL SETTLERS.
»,500,000 Acres of Government Land between
Omaha and North Platte, open for entry aa Home
steads ONLY.
SOLDIERS OF THE LATE WAR
ARB ENTITLED TO A
Free Homestead of 1HO Acres,
within Ilailroad limits, equal to a
DIRECT BOUNTY OF $400.
Send tor the new edition of descriptive pamphlet*
with new maps, mailed free everywhere.
Aildress 0. F. I>AVIS,
Land Commissioner U. P. R. R. Co.
sept5-f3mlaw Omaha, Neb.
AGBNTOY OP THB
Downer Patent Mineral Sperm
O I !_■ S 1
Directly Opposite Post Office
This Oil gives a strong and easy light without
odor, at a cost of halt a cent per hour. It id posi
tively NON-EXPLOSIVE, and should a lighte«i lamp
get broken, the oil will extinguish the flames, ft
has the highest commendation from Insurance and
Railroad official*, and is used by them in place of
Kerosene oil, on account of its safety and superior
light.
Please Call and see the Light*
It is adapted to the German Student Lamp, the
Dual and Argand Burners.
Lamps and Burners
In Greut Variety, at wholesale and retail. Orders
for the trade promptly filled and goods forw arded
direct front Boston at manufacturer’s prices.
J. 6. HOLCOMB.
Augusta, Xov. 3,1871. ftf
1871. FALL and WHITER. 1871.
Woodman, True Go.,
JOnilMittK OF
DRY GOODS
-AND
WOOLENS.
Have in .tore anil are constantly receiving Tut
LATEST STYLES in
FOREIGN and DOMESTIC
DRY GOODS,
in greater variety than ever before offered to the
TKAbk IN MAINE.
Woodman, True Sc Co.,
CORNER MIDDLE 4 PEARL ST.,
iT'"".
Henry 0. A. A. Nichols.
Masons Slaters.
All work in their line done promptly tn good,
workmanlike manner, by the day or Job.
Sir Particular attentionlpaid to Ckxkntxho Cm*
terns, Cellars, Ac.
Orders left at store mi A. r. GOULD, door
above U. It. Bridge, promptly attended to*
Henry O. Nichols. albert a. Nichols
*S.TJCbtTSTAp MU*
mayUSmtt