-THE PHANTOM CITY.
Tin
A-Moonlight Stroll Through
the Shades of Chicago.
Rapid. Disappearance, of the
Poetry and Romance of
Our Ruins.
It is Material Destruction, an! Nothing
More, that One Views.
The Toppling Walls and Ruined
Files Giving Way to
Prosaic Men.
It is only three weeks since the fire, im.
polled by the stormy southwest wind, swept
across oar city, leaving behind it the blackest
desolation and the completes! destruction, and
mure folly obliterating all traces ot the
busy men whs for years have toiled and
striven there, and who, anticipating their for
tunes, had piled stone upon stone, and filled
their completed piles with the products of the
world, than the red flames that blotted out
Nineveh, or the sword of the Assyrian or Ro
man when be devastated conquered Jerusalem.
And yet so little regard bare we for the past,
and so constantly do we turn our thoughts to
the future, that the very appearance of those
ruins, which we gazed at so sorrowfully and
wonderfully twenty days ago, will soon be
effaced from our minds, and we will forget that
this new city, in this new country, has had its
ruins, as well as Italy or the East, though onrs
were onre the homes of merchant princes, and
.-thrirypf~Emperors~HnU -parbafie'Kangs! At
present we have stereoscopic views of shat
tered walls and fire eaten stones, and
little boys have spread out on
plank?, placed upon trestles, or carry about
in their hand?, idles ot the conflagration.
Poking omong the ashes, they have raked
out melted insulators, broken crockery, singed
china dol’s, and half-fused oyster shells, which
will figure noon mantel-pieces by the side of
fragments ol stouo from Melrose Abbey, or
mosaics from the floors of Roman palaces, or
pieces of shells that burst within the walls of
beleagured Paris. But this traj|e. the happy in
spiration of sonic smart bo}*, will cease in a few
days, for it is generally only strangers who buy
these things. So many men here have ruins of
their own, anti cellars full of private relics, that
they do not Giro to buy.' A man who has an
insurance policy in a Chicago Company has a
memento for which he has paid quite enough,
and which is as intrinsically valueless as any
relic can l>o. lie can have it framed and hung
on his walls as an illustration of the vanity of
human hopes, and the mistaken-meanings which
dictionaries give the won! “Insurance.” But
the truth is, wc arc unable to sec anything
praiseworthy in a tumble-down structure, and
would give one marble front for all ibe ruined
castles in Europe, and, having stared at our
ruins for a duv, wc set to work to clear, them
off.
It would he a pit v, were they to pass so quick
ly into oblivion, since to us, who lived here,
they were so wonderfully suggestive, and we
could spend Jays in studying them. They were
filledwilb fresh and living associations. While
those in other lands wxile only, vague memories
of a hazy past, ours brought up no recollections
of fommtal hnils, of predatory Lords, historic
name-s.and princely revels, but they were linked
directly with the life we had been living. They
were not moss-covered and ivy-mantled, but
green and crude. There is much in Pompeii
(hat brings us in contact with the every-day
life of the people, but Pompeii is no more a ruin
than a mummy is a skeleton, and our city did
resemble a skeleton which lacked quite a num
ber of bones; and would require a deal of res
toration before It could be properly mounted.
Here we had the perfection of latter-day deso
lation, and had th*ey been let alone for a year,
nothing could have surpassed them. They
would have been as interesting as a ruined city
of Yucatan.
But when we go now in the daytime, through
the burnt district, we find that the infinite pos
sibilities tor romance nod poetry which they
once presented, arc rapidly disappearing. They
are spoiling our mins, and it is not time that
is mellowing and adorning, even while destroy
ing them, but it is prosaic and matlcr-of-taci
men; In among these ruined jiilcs, and at the
feet of these toppling walls, pine shanties are
springing up, imitating in name only, the edifi
ces that preceded them. It is a Western settle
ment going up among the ruins of Tadmor; a
gipsy encampment beside some decaying Eng
lish castle. Hundreds of men are picking up,
cleaning and piling brick. Owners and archi
tects talk hopefully ot what is standing.
■Women and buys, with sacks on their shoul
ders, arc picking out scraps of old iron, or bits
of half burned patter and cloth. Full street cars
are running back aud lorth. Police
men walk slowly on their Iteats.
All is life and activity. And if a
jK»r?on, desiriou? of reaching a contemplated
frame of mind, and of working himself up to a
proper pilch lo write the history of the wreck
of the imperial city, scats himself on a pile of
brick in some quiet corner, the keen influences
of hi nt awaken him to the tact lliul the llamcs
yet smoulder, and he walks off, with Ills hands
behind him. On the North Side, German men,
women, and children, who cannot for a minute
endure the thought of abandoning the laud that
is theirs, are chattering aud srrcamiug, and
working away at the shanties they are pulling
up. It is only near the ruined churches that
there is peace and quiet. There the silence is
unbroken, except when some wandering stranger
stops for a moment to look curiously at the shat
tered walls, the empty windows, and the broken
arches, or when some woman, who hod once
worshipped there, came to look tearfully at the
place where she had so often knelt, aud whence
she bad gone home, her heart full ot emotion,
and her eves full of new bonnets.
In the centre of all this life and acliritv, it is
Impossible to reflect on the disaster, or to'behave
as people arc expected to do when brought face
to lace with ruin*. Wc expect of them that
they should be older than we, while here they
are mere creatures of the preceding day, and wc
have abode hero lor years. What do you care
for a bald piece of rockwork iu your neighbors
yard, or the grotto that used to exist in Lincoln
,l?Arfo but which is now happily burned out?
What magic spell could there be upon them?
and yet these ruins are fearfully suggestive
lo their war. Where now lies a shapeless pile
of brick and stone, wits once the store at which
our wives and daughters were accustomed to
trade. Thence came the fabrics that delighted
them, and the UIU that discontented us. But
where now arc the clerks that snubbed us. and
Informed us that uo gentleman would wear the
.particular article for which we were asking,and
•whereare the errand boys who were so long |n
our scanty change? And yet from
4boSejr<ry buried sates, un
settled- accounts may arise to gj r
fire cannot always destroy debts, nor water
wash them away. It is orly When one is safely
Inearthed at Graeeland or Bostbilj that he is
free from molestation. Then no creditor knocks
at his tombstone and says, “Is Mr. 11. in? I
have a little bill 1 should like him lo settle;"
and. were be to do it. Ite sure that the debtor
would not open to him, but would only say,
“Mr. U. is taking a imp for a leiv thousand
years, and he cannot be disturbed."
That fragmentary wall, that broken window,
arc all that remain of the grocery store whrre
we were accustomed to deal; but what a ditfer
eocefrom the veil-ordered shelves and the over
flowing lockers. The im]>orted gouts have
uselessly dissolved iu smoke. The wines have
been drunk up by the fire without stupefying it.
English pickles, French sardines, American
oysters and preserve#, have met a common fate.
The rare products of se* and shore, the delight
of thousands, have disappeared forever, swal
lowed up at once, and yet this conflagration,
more voracious than au ostrich, never got the
dyspepsia from them.
There dwelt the tailor, who was engrossed
upon our overcoat when the flames caught him.
Where lie has gone, or what has become of him,
no one knows. A tailor is a domestic animat,
who hales to abandon the spot where be has
established his artistic temple. Hu may have
lavished in trying to save his patterns, and at
the midnight hour his visionary form may be
seen cuttiug shadowy cloth with phantom
shears, and observing iu ghostly tones, “A very
gentlemanly garment indeed, and a most stylish
fit.’ 1 But this is no town for tailors now.* All
wear old clothes—some from necessity, aud oth
er* to affect a sympathy wiijj ihe disaster.
When our Irlends die we wear black; when
their fortunes melt, we wear sliabby raiment
It is economical and becoming. When our
wires die wc marry again. Thus do people be
have, when called upon to sustain great calami
ties. Yes, the tailor is gone; Lut we will run
across him at the Day ot Judgment, and he will
apologize for the delay, nod promise to send the
garment around next week. Just a* if he were
still
If the city wore three weeks voungor than it
is, right there would be the theatre which we so
often visited. They have had manv scenery
effects, but never a one to equal this. Nature
has tried- her band at the sensational drama,
and liasshown the playrights that she under
stands her business. Wlml is a burning ship to
a burning city, or a flying crew of five to the
escape ot tens of thousands from destruction?
It would take at least four theatres united, to
play such a piece and to produce even a fraction
of the effects. The actors have lost their jests
aud they have not met the disaster with the
careless levity of those who hud hitherto liecn
merchants only, and had looked mostly upon
the serious side of life. Were it not tor the fear
of hurling his feelings, one would be tempted
IHE^CHXGAGi TEIBITNE.
yOLUME 25.
to seize one of our notors by Ills coot collar, ami
put to him the self-same questions which the
l noce ol Denmark once propounded to-Vorick’s
skull.
The remains of Crosby’s Opera Hou?c re
m,u*l u* only how few 'ever saw the genuine
gold-loaf that wus lavished upon it so profusely,
thenewand luxurious seats, the imported carpets,
the costly bronzes. They have all disappeared,
and the very newspapers that contained the
description of them hare been burned up.
That peculiarly picturesque ruin, on which
half a dozen men are working, and near which
I a shanty, with a store-pipe chimney, is stand
ing, was once the home of the friend of the
needy, the custodian of those not needed arti
cles which people would leave with Idm for a
time, receiving therefor a tenth of their value
and a dirty ticket There -is no more wrong
now about those pledges. Who can identify
bis own watch among the twenty thousand
•hnmged ones offered for sale? Who is not
glad that he is saved the necessity of saving and
sparing in order to redeem some useless affair?
And who is not delighted that retributive jus
tice has overtaken the whole tribe of those who
got 10 per cent per month?
So, at every step one tikes, he sees something
which reminds Idm of the immediate p-ist
The restaurant at which he used to cat, the
saloon at which he took his beer,
the hotels at which he was
snubbed, the place where he went to admire bad
pictures, because some one said they were good,
are ull around him, and they cannot but recall
what has been. There is much that saddens,
something that amuses, and u little that does
not displease, but there is precious little that is
pathetic about it—it is material destruction
and nothing more, that one views.
But when serene night comes, all this is
changed. Then these crudities and discrep
ancies disappear. There are no gas lamps with
their out-ot-plnce artificial lustre. Only the
moon just rising in the east, Gists an umror
laia-iusire over-dx?
gone. Nothing is heard btulhcSteSoyloot fa 1 1
of the patrolman, ortho quicker steps of some
one hurrying to reach his home. The board
structures, which by day ofleuded the sesthelic
taste, arc now lost sight of. limned wall and
shattered masonry are softened .and refined by
the clear mild light. Dark nooks, and dee dv
shaded recesses, which by daylight would lose
their aecresy, and be nothing but waste blank?,
arc in the evening full of the charm ol mys
tery and of darkness. Fancy peoples those se
cluded snots with the creatures of her imaghi
lion, and tncy seem fitting homes for ghoul and
afreet, creatures who lurk among the ruined
tombs and devour the belated wanderers liter-.
The long, black lines.of p.ivemcnt stretch out
into the infinite dim distance' as if they led to
the quiet homes of the dead. Here and there
the vast bulk of undestroyed buildings lower
nr, silent and uninhabited, like the watch-tow
ers which Vathek saw at Islakhar. Through
their open windows streams the moonlight, and
half hides and half reveals th- fallen walls and
shattered floors within. There are inscriptions
on them, nut it is too dark to spell out »he names
of Supervisors who tried to secure immortality,
and have passed successfully through this ordeal
of fire. Nor is it worth while to try to dv
cipher these names, since were they* once
made out, all the enchantment would disappear.
It would be like stumbling across a faint in-
scription on a pyramid, and finding, on exam-
inallon, that it was the autograph of J. H
Smith of the United Suites. Butin this iudef-
inite light all things are old, and all things are
strange. It ts no longer"Chicago wherein we
walk, and the sky above us is clear and slarrv I
enough to look upon the Rhine and Arno in
stead of the Chicago River. Telegraph costs
are transfigured into burned and branchless
trees, and in this blue laud of supreme fancy, 1
the prosaic and the commonplace have disap
peared forever. There are slight, faint sounds,
which may be the imagined voices of the night, 1
or the pulsations of the lake, or the sighing of 1
the wind, but there is no hum of myriads, no 1
many-voiced utterances of men. 1
Yonder, burnt, and bruised, and blackened,
stands the church, its pealing organ stilled for
ever. Through its gaping portals no more wed
ding parlies shall pass. It has buried
its last dead, and there it re
mains, its own monument. Those who
have been baptized there, are scattered far and
wide, and have forgotten the font over which
they were once held. The young men who, iu
the intoxication of first love, followed their
sweethearts there mid endured the sermon for
the sake of being near the beloved, have out
lived the passionate ardor of then, and will not
regret the ruined sanctuary which, to them, was
the temple ot Cupid, and not of Jehovah. The
light, glancing through the wide window, falls
lull upon the untouched memorial ot marble.
All the artificial aid to devotion, the cushioned
>ews, the soft foot Stools, the elegantly bound
jooks. have disappeared, but it remains, un
moved, while all around is in ruins. The mon
uments ot the dead outlast, by iar, the homes of
the living. Here there is no feeling of newness.
It might be a Page taken from middle age his
tory. Cowled and girdled monks, or corpulent
friars, might have dwelt there, and the
odor that one perceives might be a remin
irceneu of frankincense and myrrh, con
sumed iu swinging tensers, rather
than that jK-culiar smell which follows
a fire. It is so dark that one cannot see the ivy
on the walls, but one knowsthat it is there, and
5f it were not >o hackneyed, one would be apt
lo quolecerlaiu lines concerning Melrose Abbey.
But on such occasions )>euplu do not express
their feelings in the words of another. They
do not seek to express them at all, but float
along idly, borne by the current of their
thoughts, like u boat drifting on the bosom of
the river.
At another point one can faintty distinguish
twisted and distorted iron beams, hall catering
and half covered by massive blocks of etooc.
There they lie, in one chaotic muss, dumb wit
nesses of some terrible conflict. By the light
of day w« could tell how recent had been their
overthrow, but now, by the uncertain beams ol
the moon, wo cannot tell but what they are as
venerable as the world itself mid, silling there,
we can reconstruct them a? we will. Story bv
story rises the airy pile. Bright lights gleam
from its windows, .and strains of music
minglo with the tread of the feet that
cross its marble floors. But the
flickering flame still fitfully burning iu the
centre of the rains suddenly dies out, and the
lights disappear, and the building goes down as
suddenlyas it rose; and with it, the guests that
thronged its hqlis. Beyond it is something that
was once a pile of wheat. .\ow it is a hill of
which dwarfs those in Lincoln Bark, aud from
its sides come intermittent jets of fire and
smoke. Were it only higher, then imagination
could easily convert it into a new Vesuvius.
Its flames serve lo light up the building beyond,
and cast a dim, uncertain glare u;»on the river,
a rival of the light-house, and an unsafe guide
for sailors.
Jt is a great pity, for purely artistic reasons,
that there’are not mure standing. These
poor Imlf-story remnants have nof half the
pathos uf a building, which, destroyed within,
still uprenr? itself, mid bids defiance to fate. It
is a blind jlimson, but h Samson still power
ful for good or evil; and the architect will
come along in the morning, and will scan the
vast, though scarred proportions, and will dose
him with bricks and mortar, and white
wash him, and restore his flowintr lucks—
to wit: put a Mansard root on him,
nqd he will look about as good as new, though
the truces of tfle wounds are still visible, if vou
oply know where to foul, frr them or clse*lhe
r ire Mantml order the walls lo come down,
and. in the act of doing it, two ,i, rt i. uiulis
lines will be slain, and the Coroner will be
called upon to hold au inquest, and will find a
difficulty doing so, since the county is too
poor to pay twenty-five cents per head to jury
men, aud there ore no mure inducement* to ac
cept the position. For office-seeking is at an
end tor the moment, and, when the Court House
w:is burned, more than half the candidates
promptly withdrew. To tlic.*c buildings, thus
left partly standing, tficre is a wonderful ex
pression, varying with their condition.’ There
are those which S£&m to implore, and those
which seem to threaten. Koine ara weary of die
coolest with fortune, while others are still obdu
rate, and unwilling to give way, but about these
odds and cuds uf brick and mortar there is no
expression wlfafoyer. No life remains iu them,
and nothing cau lend them the power lo charm.
But the eye lingers fondly ov£f hanging cor
nices and projecting pinnacles, Due moment
bright with the moon, aud then shading away
into darkness.
Over lo the left, there U ti»lhfog. There no
walls reiuoiu, and the eye can distinguish uo’h
ing but a succession of slight hollows nod slight
elevations. It might hive been anything—a
water-washed field, or a space of ground, on
which had been deposited dust-heaps, ur the re
fuse ot a furnace.- Beyond that, lies a black
cboatn where the river flows, and as one gels
nearer, the gleaip of (fie moonlight upon the
waves at queu changes the character of the
scene. 'Thou there was a dark abyss, beyond
n liicli grimly rosea lung vistau! half-destroyed
and threatening trails. Now, the glancing and
s arkhng waters have dispelled the
loneliness and wildness ot the spot,
ror who pag foal solitary when he
is near a stream that is pyre enough to mirror
the firmament in its bosom, and whose slight,
inarticulate noises luruish him company, and
invite him, like the Song of the Sirens, to come
nigtur and nigher? bile the brook is a child
with whfoh one laughs and babbles, the river is
a full-crown fuan, wherewith W e can hold rea
sonable converse, and ..wherefrom wti can
gain rare information, to be found nowhere else.
Fora moment the uoou is eclipsed, and the
powers of the night have fully resumed their
control. By the dim starlight one cun see ouly
the vaguely outlined fonqs of objects near at
band. The river has gone-from sight, and the
buildings beyond arc swnllowed up in the dark-
Fur away arp'tho lilajung coal heaps,
burning up like mimic volcanoes, nod farther
jet, ibe gag lumps ot the \Vest Side hut they
seem infinitely re-mote,’and on Hip verge of the
horizon of the night. AU other sights, all
sounds, have died away, and there remains only
a sense of desolation and ruin, so great and ter
rible that one can linger no longer, but gropes
bis way as best he cau back to the light, and tho
homes of men.
ItEBriLVIA'U CHICAGO,
Letter from Jntlse Caton.
Tot hi Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sm: Perhaj« a few suggestions, at this im
portant moment, from one who has been a care
ful, if not a judicious, observer of the rise and
progress of Chicago, from its very beginning,
may not be unac'epiable.
In this supreme crisis some of the friends of
Chicago may feel inclined to despair; but these
are very few, and their despondency will be but
temporary. The same men who built Chicago
from the beginning, and raised *a great city from
a marshy prairie, are still there, and arc yet in
the prime of life. When they began they were
young, without fortunes, experience, reputations
or credit. All these they had to achieve. They
were without the sympathy of the world at
large, and could only command aid from
abroad as they actually earned it. The country
back wild prairie, and the commerce of
the city only existed in their sanguine expecta
tions, inspired by a wise forecast of the future.
Mills for making thelrlumber they hud to build
in the forests of Michigan and Wisconsin; quar
ries for their stone had to bj opened; transport
ation .provided aud preparations lor making
their brick and other material had to be made.
They bad no railroads, no canal, no telegraphs,
to help them. They had no water works and
no gas works provided at their hands. Even the
ground itself lud to he made on which to build
the city, nod enable them to adopt a svstem of
sewerage.
Hoivisitnow? The same men still live,
their judgments ripened by experience, their
energies confirmed aud strengthened by a suc
cess which, bus beentbvi ntyf nf nrnntirt nmi
phe ibciue v thfr-ctvilizcd
world. Tlicy nrrnrrepii laUuas for integrity, for
industry,* for enterprise,'and for business
sagacity, which adhere to their per
sons, and are beyond the reach of
the destroying element, and which arc
worlh untold fortunes because they will com
mand them. They have a world’s sympathy,
which will uphold their bands aud stimulate
them to redoubled energy, and which, added to
their unsullied integrity, will secure them ail
the credit and assistance they want, the world
over. The mills which supply their lumber are
still, to a large, extent, in existence, while they
have no ample supply on the ground; their
stone qaurriesare open; their brick manufacto
ries arc in order; canals and railroads are in op
eration for ample transportation while a very
consiaerubleproportion of the material in'the
rums can be made immediately available. Tne
water-works still remain, and, with -a.trifling
cost, will be aa good as ever. The gas mains
still traverse the city everywhere, and soon such
ot the gas-works ns have been destroyed will
be rebuilt, and will be Immediately available.
The ground which hud to be made,‘and on
which the city was built, is still there,
aud the sewerage is uninjured. The vast
country which is tributary to thecity.and which
rendered it possible to achieve SO' much there
iu so short a time, is still teeming with industry
and demanding its commercial facilities. Its
inhabitants are left, and its common and skilled
labor is there, anxious for employment, while
skilled labor from all parts lo the world will
rush in to help build the city*, which allied
intuitively must be done at once. The build
ings alone are gone. All else is left, with every
means to replace them, more harmonious, useful
and graud than before. Commercial necessity
compels this. Goods must be supplied to the
consumer, lo the same extent as formerly, and
those who have supplied them from other
parts ot the world, must supply them the same
us ever. Now, what Instrumentalities will thuv
use lo carry them to the coneumcr? The men
who have performed this cilice hitherto,
must be their first choice. Even if they
had nothing left but their integrity, their
talents, their energy, and the good-wilt of trade,
—either one of these estates is to-day actually
worth more to them, in dollars and cents, than
the total loss by this fire.
t Hut the loss will nut be borne by them alone.
The insurance companies will no doubt pay a
large per cent of me losses; for self-interest
must prompt them to make herculean efforts to
do so. Those which pay their losses in full are
assured a brilliant future, while those who fail
lo do so must ever remain in discredit. Indeed,
this great event will make a sifting of the in
surance business, leaving only those to do the
business hereafter which now prove themselves
worthy ol the utmost public confidence. The
means »o do the great work of rebuilding Chi
cago, aud winch must and will be confided to
the same hands which built it before, will not
lie wanting. Their own banks will, in au in
credibly short lime, be actually stronger in
cash than they ever were before.
flieir managers havo established a
.•baracler for high-toned integrity, which will
command universal confidence both at home
and abroad. They have but to ask assistance
from the East, and nil they ask will be gladK
given them. Theircouotfy correspondents will
lake a pleasure in showing them forbearance,
even without the asking. Hereafter, as hereto
fore, the cash in the city will be kept iu the
banks in the form ol deposits and through the
banks, ns usual, all exchanges will be made.
Now, let us assume that but 50 percent will be
|«aid by insurance companies, and Still the
amount will probably read: sixty-five millions.
This will pass into the banks iu the form of
Eastern exchange, which they will pul into
currency, lo be paid out for rebuilding the city.
Then there are tho donations from all parts of
the world, which must lake the same
direction, and will bo gradually extended as
•he emergency which called them forth will re
quire. And so 1 could enumerate many other
sources uf strength to the banks, growing direct
ly out of the loss. Besides all this is their own
inherent strength, with their vaults safe, and
ic probability that nearly nil their receivables
will be paid, though, perhaps, with a little de
lay. I repeat that, iu a very short time, the
banks of Chicago will he stronger than ever be
fore since their organization; and through their
hands must the money pass which shall rebuild
Chicago.
1 have now assigned a few of the reasons why
I think that Chicago will be rebuilt iu a time so
incredibly short that I dare not state the dale,
and by the same men who built it at first. Its
commerce will flow through the
same channels, and bo manipulated by
the same bauds as heretofore. The good will of
a trade has ever been recognized ns of actual
and iulriusic value. That still belongs to her
business men individually, and to all together
as au aggregate. Those who have goods to sell
In the West must employ, in some form, these
men to sell them, or others will speedily supplv
them. Cheerful dispositions, stoat hearts, and
active hands will do nil, and make Chicago a
greater wonder, even, than she has hitherto
been.
The people of Ibis Slate, in particular, from
one extremity to the other, by this event haye
been able lo appreciate the great value of your
city lo the whole State, and the pride which
they have taken iu her as tlicir capital cummer
cial cit;.; and the Governor, in palling the
together, has properly apprehended
the public judgment and the public sympathy.
The Legislature, by its wise and liberal action,
will talthtully reflect the public will.
The architects, under whose supervision the
city must be rebuilt, will learn wisdom by the
lessons taught by the events of this fire, and so
will make it more secure, more commodious,
more uniform, and more beautiful than before.
Ottawa, I*-.-, Oou U. w J. I). Catos.
The Republic Insurance Company of
Cblcayo—Fecllnp in the Country.
Toifi4 EU'Uorof Tftd C/Mcigo I’-rihuru,’
Sm: As I have, been travelling in different
parts of the country, 1 have observed the teeling
of the people nod the country stockholders of
the Republic Insurance Company of, Chicago,
and, in hopes that what I may write will he of
some benefit to the policy-holders of that com
pany, 1 ask you to give place to this letter la the
columns of your valuable paper. 1 find the
fecliug to be very biller against the way the Ex
ecutive.Committee and..Secretary are settling
the losses la the Chicago I|te. The letter of j!
R. Puvson. of the 23d Instant, is considered an
artful advertisement, written for the especial
boiKMjt of those “sharpers and speculators” that
he seems to ho|d in such holy horror j qs he
assures them that he will pay, out of
the SOOO,OOO of cash assets belonging to the
company, a sum equal to 25 cents on the dollar of
the losses.—showing them that, if they buy up
the policies of the sufferers lor 10 or 15 per
cent, they will make a handsome profit. Tlien
he tries to scare,and intimidate the policy hold
ers by telling them that the stockholders are
scattered over the country, from Massachusetts
to California, andiron} Minnesota to Kentucky
and that, if the former should throw the com
pany into ban Kruptcy, tncy would not reaMze
even twenty-five cccnts on the dollar for their
claims. Tbs is not the kind of indemnity that
ii son Poised that these country stock
holders would give when he was advertising
forbusiqes.
This wall from Payson is all moonshine. The
majority of the stock is held right here in lili
frdO.OOO is held in Pnuccloa; about
550.000 in Mendota; $120,000 in Galesburg;
SIOO,OOO in Monmouth; and in other princi
pal towns of the State men subscribed to
this slock, and a* majority of them are
good business men, and bankers, who 1
believe, are filling to pav in the 80 p:*r cent
dqe; and they pan fio it and ’not injure their
business. One- stockholder in Galesburg says
he hassl,ooo m stock, and has the monevm
bank teadv to pay it when called upon. I
understand from good authority at a meeting of
the stockholders in Galesburg, they unani
mously resolved to do Whatever the officers in
Chicago decided upon, even to paying up the
last dollar of their stock, Why, then, do the
CHICAGO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31,187E
Executive Committee not give the stockholders
a chantx* to pay Hus 80 per cent bv
calling upon them, fur it?. Thcv
R re within easy*' access by’ the
mail. They have received dividends made from
the premiums of the Chicago sufferers oowjioM
,n policies for which'they arq pow .offered 25
cents* on the dollar. Let'dhese- men' who hold
jmlicies combine and net in concprfvappoint
some good man in Chicago .receiver of the com
pany; make call upon the stockholders and
give them a chance to redecm'tbefr credit, and
to save their honor and manhood.' If Mr.
Parson s co-operative company Ts to die an igno
ble death, he can nt least afford to step aside and
let the stockholders pay the expenses and per
form the but sad riles of .burial, and relieve the
Chicago (tolicy-holders from' the ncchssity.of be
ing chief mourners. Moue Axon*.
Momioctu, 111., Oct. 28.
Steam Through All the Streets.
To th( Editor of 77is Vhiuyo Tribune.
Sib: .Vuu will not be offended just :noxv if I
sny “Ventilation aud Heating” to you. I know
you have bad a good deal of both lately, and
perhaps more than you waut/but now a
splendid opportunity for you to Introduce* gen
eral system of steam-supply through all the
streets.
Steam is the great moving power of modern
civilization steam has made Chicago a 'great
city within a short lifetime steam has enabled
every v illage and hamlet to unite jvilh the great
commercial cities on the Al'aulic and bn the
Pacific 16 pour into Chicago millions oC cooked
rations, almost before they-are cold, for her
thousands of starving population. Steam is the
great civilizing agent of qgijifra'
fbr,
■cooking, for WaruTTng. for ventilation, arid, b“f
cou*sb,‘to*r power. Every house ought to have
an abUndunl supply delivered at its door, the
samo-aa gas or water,, .without the enormous
expense, danger and. labor of each man maim-,
fucturing for himself.
Wc all know that it i feasible to
deliver steam to whole blocks of bouses from
one set of boilers, because all of our large ho
tels—some covering whole squares—liml no
difficulty whatever in carrying it to-ilio re
motest corner. All out large factories, asylums,
ami public institutions o{ all kinds deliver the
steam 1,500 or 2,000 feel from the boilers and
the difference in the pressure or temperature
can hardly I>e detected ut the furthest point.
-There would not be the slightest practical
difficulty in supplying all the steam required
for ten, filtcen, twenty, of even fifty blocks,
trom one central position. The loss of beat
would be a very smalfffactiou of that escaping
from as many separate fires; and onlv think of
'the luxury of having your'whole house warmed
and ventilated too, and most of your cooking
done,-without tbuP-greatest' of aundvances in
housekeeping—making the fires. The eeonom v.
too, in such an arrangement, would be very
great. Ail the steam could be furnished for
ventilation, beating, cooking, and jK>wer, for
less than it now costs for fuel, and would then
pay a handsomer profit to a company than any
gas company ever earned.
There was- never so grand nn opportunity
offered in the world as is uo\v offered to Chicago
for the introduction of such a scheme; and I
wish it could be presented in such a manner to
some of those bold, liberal, and far-seeing men
who have done so much toward giving Cuicago
a world-wide reputation as a leading city, tna(
they might seethe opportunity for the intro
duction of so great and valuable an improve
ment. LEWIS X. LEEOS,
Engineer of Ventilation, ie.. No. liu Eroudway
New Vork.
To the Editor of The Vhieayo Tribune:
A calamity like this which has visited our
city sets every thinking man about devising
means to prevent, if possible, such a catastrophe
in the future. One of the means which’ goos
very far to protect lito and properly, to main
tain public order and security, is the lormaliou
of a Citizens’ Guard. But, ta order to make
such a body permanent and effective, ami not
dependent upon the will and pleasure’of the in
dividual, it is necessary to make the duly here
contemplated obligatory* by a municipal enact
ment, conformable to the constitution of the
Stale. A city like ours, of 300,000 inhabitants,
will be able to furnish with the greatest
case a body of 15,000 active citizens for its de-
f nee, of an age from 25 to 35. or 3U to 40 Years*.
Liability lo duty may be limited to five Vears,
and thus tbu ranks kept lull. To secure as h gll
a standard of character and honor us possible, it
would be advisable lo restrict the inembersh-p
of this corjis to such of our citizens only as are
treehoMets.—permanent settlers—having the se
curity and pmsjierity ot our city really at
heart. Uniforming and arming to be ul public
exp use. The corps to be divided into ibre* di
visions, one for each part of the city; to drill
every fourteen days, mid have a general turnout
once every month o- two. In case of fire in unv
of the three parts of the city, the division of the
c.irps located iu that pari lo turn out u{s»n the
sounding of a second alarm. The conflagration
to be surrounded by u slrongcordju of sentinels,
to keep back nil sight-seers, mid all those who
have no business there, thus preventing robbers
and loafers from taking awayfrom a citizen that
little which he saved from the fire, and giving
the Fire Department free scope to operate.
Wc will sooner or later bo compelled by
necessity lo form such a corps, nod, the sooner
it »,i douc, the better for the security ofthe city.
As wo arc situated at present, we are nt Hie
mercy of any set of ciu-throats, and our char
tered, fancy, dress-parade companies are no
where when they are the most needed, because,
forsooth, they turn out only when they please.
If the Authorities of the city of Chicago will
take steps to insure the execution of me above
proposition, they itpiy beforehand depend uj>on
tile hearty support of every honest and upright
citizen. CuxtaES G. Fukuioke,
To the Kditor of The Chicago Tribune
Sib: Would it not be of some advantage to
adopt, in tbc most valuable part of your city, the
building ot entire iron houses? Have the par
tition W2ills made of a fourth of an inch
thick, with ribs projecting, ready to receive the
shelves. These sections may be cost four to six
Icet each. Your people, under ibis plan, may
have the following advantages
1. They would gain ground, and the value of
that ground would almost build the wall, most
especially it two neighbors would join.
2. If you could not get the castings all done
in your city, you could bare them shipped from
i other cities, ready to put'up.
3. Your people could go right to work at put
ting tip houses, in spite of winter.
4. Cast-iron houses, built iu a row. would be
£re-prouf, so that; sumo.
5. Any change or improvement could be made
in these houses better Ilian iu stone houses, and
more readily, and with less expense.
There arc oilier ad vantages that may he shown,
ami many improvements in.iy be made after this
style of building is once introduced,
Padccah, Ky., OcU 2.".
Inquiries Crotu a House Dnildcr and
Okanck, X. J., OcU 22.
Tv the Edi ‘or of The CftiViyo
Siu; I'lcaae scud mo a few of your papers. 1
am a builder, and, within the last two or three
years, I have built some fiueen bouses lor sale.
It you will iulorm me, or give me the beat of
your ideas about the building prospect this win
te? iu Chicago, I will cutub obi there And nut up
soine buildings*' How are your people off fur
money Have luey money enough to go ou
with ur nut? And is it best for me not to cumc
out this winter?
BeSuUafncU, Province of Quebec. Canada, i
oci.’it.' J
To the Editor of Tie Chicago Tribune
23ta: lam u contractor, and, as such, have
been employed in Canada, by different persons,
for twenty-fire years. Recommendations os to
my ability can be obtained at any lime Irdm
different parties, and also from iht> government
of this Province.
I have under my command workingmen ot
all classes—musous, stone-cutters, brickiavers,
carpenters, joiners, plasterers, etc., etc* and ail
are most willing to go to your locality.
Ir anything in tpy line can be doneiu Chicago
in the winter season, please let me know tOa
lrt ?t, CvBILLB -CuSTtNT.
lllsher Water Rcservoiri.
To Uu Editor of The Cidcago Tribune
Sib; The late lire should clearly demon
strate to our city rulers the necessity of loftier
reservoirs. It U needless ip euiimcrate the ad
vantages which would arise from such an ele*
vutiug change; the .experience of jnuuy cities
in this country shows that thev would be mani
fold. Besides affording a better supply, and
raising the water to greater heights iu all build
ings, it would afford u much better opportunity
*j c crc u S thv ‘‘stitch iu time’* principle,
a °dt by constant welling, keep the tinder boxes
U(iuu the tups of buildings from igniting.
CiIICAUO, OcU 2d. JbCOUBSTBB.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sik; I, as a stranger, bep leave to suggest’ a
scheme which I am confident would be of im
mense importance to a city such as Chicago is
estiued to become, that is, the seizing the pres-
A Citizens’ Guard.
47- tSlutu street, Chicago,
Iron llou«e*<
Joll.N A. iIILLBU.
Contractor.
H. L. SpiSEK,
Architect and Builder,
Vublio I>oeki»
enl opportunity of securing to the city the pro
pcfix.oo the river as far west as
where the river diverges north and' south'! to be
used us public docks. Were the city to pur
chase r both aidof North and South Water
streets, tbe')otS<ui-the sides facing, the river
would be doubled in value, so that the river
fronc>would cost .the- city comparatively .-little
lor jmch urr-improvement. The-soath* side of
South Water street would be a splendid location
tor public buiJJ|tf^ i 'wit£|* ,thcir; fronts: ttf the
river. It would make a fine entrance tp'ihe city
u Watcr h6p©-I may be excused* .for saying*
that'd tnowiptmoTity of «u*b importance witH
so poor public doclf'adedmtnbdailon.
Chicago, OcL 27. A Canadian.
n SIAATOK SUMA’EB.

RR JC*tter ■Co tU© Colored Men In Con*
V ventlou mV Columbia/ S. C:
Washington. Oct. 23.—The following letter from
bctinior bumwr.w»» retd at ih- convention of color
ed men atCplniubia/ 8. C., onTJonday:
_ 1 Boston, Oct- IS.
Dear Sir: lam glad that our colored fellow-citizens
ore to have a convention of their own. So long a?
they are excluded from rich is, or suffer In anyway
on account of color, they will naturally meet together
in pnlar.to find proper remedy, and since yoa kind-'
ly invito ma to*cuuummlcate with the convention. I
make hold ta offer a |cw.brirf suggestion*.
In the tirst place, you moat at all times insist upon
yourrigntt. and here 1 mean not unly iho?o already 1
occotdedfbupoihifre atll! denied, all of jwtuchciru cod-
before the law/,. Wherever the law
supplies a rale there you must insist unequal rights'.
Iluw much remains to be obtained you know too well.
lu the experience of life can a respectable colored
citizen travel on steamboats dr railways or public
conveyances generally without Insult on account of
co!ur? Lot Governor Dunn of LonUlana describe his
journey frum Nvw Orleans to Washington. Shot up
from in th« can, toe doors of
the-bcßatr^h^nt>er -dpe.tcd to him,* aad'therc he
wjr/vln iry which a railroad conductor had
denied. excellent friend, Frederica Doug
ttlAhSiHftinetancholT experience, when within
sight or fne TTrecutlve Mansion he waa thruftback
from the dinner table where hla brother Commission
ers were already seated. -You knowthe outrage.
I might ask the same question in regard to ho*eU,
ami even the common ecbools.. A hotel is siegal
institution, and so is a common- scbuol. and avouch
mu-«t bo for the equal lu ncdt of all. Kor can there
be any exclusion from either on account of col .r. 1 It
isnot enough to provide separate accommodations
for colored citizens, even if in ail respects as goodas
those of other persons. Equality is not found lu
■equivalent, but only In equality; in other words,
there must be no discrimination on account of color.
The discrimination Is.au insult, a hindrance, and a
bar, which notonfv;destroys-co nfort and prevents
equality, butweaKena kll other rights.- ■lbe'right to
vote will havj no security until your equal rights In
the public conveyances, hotels, aud common schools
are at last established; but here you most insist by
fpt-ech. by p«:ltIou, and by vole. Help yourselves,
and others will help also.
Tnc civil rights law need* a supplement to cover
their cases. This defect lias been apparent from the
beginning, and for a long time I have striven to re
move it. 1 have a bill for this purpose now pending
in the Senate. Will not colored fellow'-citizcns see
tliat those in power no longer postpone this essential
safeguhrdt- Sorely here d an object worthy of effort.
Nor lias the Republican party done Its work nntll
this Is accomplished. Is it not bettor to establish all
onr own people In the enjoyment of equal rights
before we seek to bring others within the sphere of
onr institutions, to be treated like Fred
Douglas on his way .to the President from
San Domingo? It Is easy to see
tint a small pari of the moans, the enerev, and the
determined .will spent in the expedition to St.
Domingo, and In the prolonged war dance about tliat
island, with*menace to the black Republic of Uayti,
would have secured all onr colored fellow-citizens in
the enjoyment of equal rights. Of tbla there can be
no doubt.
tha cardinal object* Is education, which
must be insisted on; there again must be equality
•dda aide with thq alphabet, It ii< vaia to teach
equality If y-.u do mtnnicUco It. Itie vaiuto reilte
the great words f>rth*il)cclarsUonoMndepcndonce if
you do not mike it a living reality. What la a lesson
without examples
As all are equal nl the ballot-box, *>o mast all be
equal ut the common school. Equality in the com*
limn school is the preparation for equality at the bal
lot-box: Therefore do I pot this among the essentials
uredncailoa. In assorting your rights yon will not
foil to Insist upon justice to all, nndur which la neces
sarily Included purity in the govern,
ment. Thieves and money changers,
whether .Democrats or Republicans, must be driven
out of onr Temple,* Tammany Hail and Republican
self-neekers most be overthrown. Thera should bo
no place fur-either.- Thank God, good tnou are now
coming to the resene. Lot them, while uniting
against corruption. Insist upon equal .rights for all;
also the suppression ol lawless violence, whether lu
the-Klu-Klax-Ktau outraging tho South.- on Illicit
undertakings outraging the hlnck Republic of Uaytl.
To the; 4; inesiiumbia objects.addjtpecla payments,
nudyon.vlll have a platform which ought tobeac
cepted by the American people. Will not our
colored follow cl 1/ens Iwgln this good work Let
them at the same time save themselves .ana save the
country.
arc only hints, which I submit to tbe con
vention. hoping that Its proceedings will tend espe
cially to the good of the colored race.
Accent my thaukt and best wlshe* nnd believe me.
fal.hfully yours, CHARLES aUMNEH.
LECTCItE Bl SECBETAKV IIOIT-
WELL.
Present Questions AfTccttutf Public Pros
perity—The Errors or the Laboring
Classes—The Tenure of Lauds—A HU at
llallroad Monopolies—Our Shipping
Interests—Looking Toward Specie Pay
ments*
Boston. Oct. 86.
Hon. beorge S. Boutvrcll delivered a lecture this
evening lu the Bay State conr>e, at Mask Ball, to a
very large audience. 110 was greeted with enthnj as
tic applause. Bis subject was Present QaeMloDs
Affecting Public Prosperity/' After a few prelimi
nary remarks In intr dudng bis subject, he said that
within the last two decades two great bvctitA have
taken nlace- the omanclpallon of the Perft and the
emancipation of the slaves. laIK7U those formerly
slave!* wero living In ignorance and poverty, ami yet
in spite df“hll this they prddneed 4,4W).WK) bales
of cotton against t,6U0.0U0 while slavery existed. The
speaker said ‘he would consider some <T thy errors
which the laboring men commit, and. first, they
look to labor organizations for general and permanent
good. These organizations are not to be denounced,
and they have the right to say what the price of labor
should be;, hst the good accomplished by this Uuoly
temporary. Second, they sjiend too much time in
considering whether they should labor six, eight, or
ten hours n day. As the employers come to ascertain
their Interest* this will be settled. In tbs mine# and
in unhealthy pursuits the man should perhaps labor
but six hours q (Jay; but in other employments,
where health and life arc noUndarrered. the man
cm. wort* creator number of hours. _Thev commit a
wrong—nut an error merely, but u great wrong—when
they Mt. mpi to dictate o tho "emplover
the number of hour;* they .ru to' labor'or
the trade one moat adopt. Cnuco* n yonth bo
none nmsou if he chom-cs? la it not the right of a
young man to enter any pursuit bo please* without
dlctatlori from laboring men There Is but one gen
era! way for laboring men to obtain full justice, and
that is by co-operation. There are two kinds of co
operation. 000 is among themselves, and the other
is m relation to the employers. If you go Juto the
manufactories at Worcester and other places and ask
who would be accepted in a co-operative organisa
tion, some would be rejected; andlfydu won\d go 10
the umpKnan the same result would transpire.
bat does It mean It means that some persons are
not capable to work for the henertl of men through
co-operative organizations. Consequently there arc
•omc wbo must be elevated to the benefits received
by co-opcration. This cau be produced by sdncatlon
in its broadest sense. The on iy w#y l 0 c i ovata t j, a
laboring classes is by education in public schools
supported by general taxation. The schools that are
supported In any other way are Inefficient.’
Mr. BontweM then referred to aho her subject of
interest, namely, the tenure ’of land. In England the
tip nlon is strong t at a man should not cultivate a
tenure of land without facing a proprjeior. If nil the
population of the United States were, crowded Into
Texas, and nil other parts of the country left UmiOi-u
--lated th re would not oe so rnanj nvtiiUo tP the
•quart rollft.Rs ;hcrq at£ in* )|dMclißtt(t«.- Why
•qould wf man, hccooea.be happens to be in the nos
ffls*ion of and—bv will or otherwise—say to what
use that land should be put when ho Is dead* What
law* should f rbid a man saving by testament o- other
means what use the land should be put to wbcu bo is
dead. Another evil In re atlou to the land question
Is the powor and practice of railroad companies to
purchase laud which Is not necessary for the bn«mets
of the road. Why should |r«ilroad wtopanlos'bo per
m}:tcd tp buyconl reponaand proven people irom
ae;tlfi£r. a ‘livelihood', frota ownla* the
Irttal sed reaping' some oi tho 'beueflu fronT its nro
ducts? An Incident evil Is that the railroad com
panies are ablo to.lnvest their surplus profits without
the knowledge of the public.
He then proceeded to discuss transportation. first
7 n r Kl S i 52- rv n "Be Hlmd ibe
railroad fTst m at present' in this country Included
about any thousand miles, and was tn
transport mwhw and /might; ami It Utor the
interest or the public tbat they e
lecitimato busluwes. -and thot‘t£ey transport freights
p tasccgere at tho very lowest rates comoatfhle
with the tmures’s of tha nforri,.t,-i L »ni-2n ll^ le
England pirilameut passed a latif requirin'* Iho roads
l ctrt “5 1 a,“SIS
000 .bilbos. ftnd Micro .bonld be soch o law id 80.-
*7 'I** 1l!; worltiosmao coo got the tree air arid
e.ubUolt for bimielf o borne owaj from the ilirij
,i™:~r J 2 !ll Imcr st l Qt 3 ore attecn.
•Is™*-* .**l those of Ilp externa] commerce
There are in the e*t larjre Xmounla* of grain C and
u fif r ti«SSf fS V ,hlß E u Sportoot
ha; \t should be done at the v e ry lowest cortTas It
wSw‘. i f„’,’i?“Sw' ,n0 r lfc l*l*lrer Id the trial
11 v?.“ •I* oil m.m will dooht the pro.
prietl oftbl.ptiociple. Mr. BoollfeU ibco rolefred
'.te hr water to other coomrie., re
ma.tMoeTballtwo9odrpl..rable fact that of the ooe
«I l uiisS.fs?. ru PS v ulhat between
thiscountry and Europe, not one was under the Amur
lean flag. Great Brit-m Is taking p-sseeslon of the
commerce of the worid.. This Hew
is it to be remedied? iomore wooden -ocean shim
ought to be built, bailing vegsela built ofirpiiiS
JV* utt S t:r wanted, and the only \e-s«ls
cun cutnpete with cither commerce
aro lroii steamatiiiw He spoke, of the advan
tage we have over Engl nd in our Iron, as being lu
per cent better, and referred to ihe navy as It now la.
claiming that it Is forger (or the purposes of peace
than Is necessary. 4d«*«lua unofasu* tbealxe
of armament of a vessel at Mexico or Corea; but the
flag under wbich^lt sails represents 40,000.000 people,
who will not ask anything wrong, norwiil they aabl
mil to worthing wrong. Ho then referred to'the atm
geatiqu that If the duties on some of the material* Sr
building ships were removed, we would be relieTwt
claiming to some extent that it would bo eo/builhaT
it wouldneceaedtate the :cniflr(ag of (ha
other tnicTcs, and tbc guventnreut cannot afford to
looking to specie payment-, and
would it not be well, said ibe speaker -if the
innsportatioa ofanr products ;o and fro wia lo the
hands of American shipbuilder* He spoke noon the
anbject of the public debts, which, inlEnrope, wSa
increased_at a fearful reUo. The debts of Euroiis and
the United States a lew year* since amonn «d tn
«r,tiJO.OOO,<«U. To-day they reach rfj
argued aga'nst the of
of the debt, bOlnimm- it was beat to grapple with It
pqw find give the capitalists a sharp rap for endeavor-
Ing to shirk, asthey sometimes fia thfdr real share of
■he burden. He closed .with some excellent advice
to the young, who are torplcthis coautrr whm it
contains Juo,o*).tioo people, warring ffla aS£Jt
some of the mistakes men in the past hav* made.
T. B. BROWNE CO.,
Hardware Commle?lon Merchants,
Uavc now in store File*, Stpol, Laathsr Beltlmr
Lace Leaibcr, Steel Crow Bdrs, Steel
Picks. Ac., *tc„
ST and 69 Cana]-fit.
DRY GOODS.
Join I Farwell Co.
Are now temporarily iocated at
167 Michigan-av.,
Where our goods saved,from fire will be
closed out cheap, and where we shall also
be prepared to fill such orders as our limit-
Ed apace will allow.
We are now rebuilding our Warehouse
247 Ac 249 Monroe-st. which we hope to
have completed about Nov. 20, wbeuwe
“hall be fullyprepared to oiler our usual ex*
tensive variety in all departments, and trust
all our frleuds will reserve their orders till
.that time.
Ilaviug been twice visited by lire during
tbe post year, we tnluk it needless to remind
onr friends that their remittances will he
very i.cceptable.
JOHN Y. FARWELL 00.,
167 Michiaran-a-v.
Manufacturers’ National Bank
Will open It© Branch OfSco at No. n Weft Washington
■t., Wednesday morning, Nov. I, A.counU solicited,
fluk )"’r f-.vr tantJt 1 j».
SAFETY BOILER.
A SAFE BOILER.
HARRISON
Safety Boiler.
Manufactured, by Joseph. Harrison,
Jr., of Philadelphia# Pop safety and
economy surpasses the tubular flue
or any other boiler made.
They are in use in the leading man
ufactories of the East, New York and
Pennsylvania, and have been prac
tically and thoroughly tested for
more than ten years.
They are Perfectly Safe from Disas
trous Explosions.
A liberal discount will be made to
persons in Chicago who desire to pur
chase the
Harrison Safety Boiler.
Orders will be promptly filled.
Boilers ready for shipment now.
Address
IIAUIUSOA BOILER WORKS,
Philadelphia.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
After the Fire!
Now is the time to buy Pianos,
Organs, Melodeons, Brass and
String Instruments, &c., &c.
Julius Bauer Co„
Formerly of 09 Wuhlogtoa-st., now located at
270 and 514 Michigan-av,
Hava, with characteristic energy, already received from
NKW TURK and BALTIUOUK branches large atock
of the cslobrated
Knabe Pianos,
J. Bauer Co.’s Pianos,
Needham’s Tungued Organs,
An I other Mu-i-**i MerchandUe. wliich they offer to tbt
public fiirl'AMl at greatly reduced rntet.
lu a few days they will bare oa band a new style
ORGAN,
Most elegant and unique In design, which they invite
the public to call and examine,
Pianos. Organs. ic., tuned, repaired and polished: a]
so. packed and shipp-l.
270 and 514 Michigan-av.
W. W. KIMBALL,
610 ftjichigan-av.
Pianos, Organs and Melodeons.
PIANOS FOR SALE AND TO RENT.
N. U.—All t*r»on9 who bare renew! or |PUno»
will plniMColl am) rrpon.
to wareroom*, 610 >l:chig»n-aT. Piasoi
laned and repaired.
MILLINERY.
H.W,&J.M,Wetherell,
369 ¥ABASH-AY.
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY!
We would inform our patrons
that our stock is now complete,
and we are now prepared to
wait on them and to fill their
orders with despatch. Our new
stock has been selected with
reference to the season, and
we offer the same at the low
est market prices.
Special inducements to cash
buyers.
TAILORS.
JOP STEVENSON,
DRAPER TAILOR,
(LATE OF MADISON-BT., EAST).
Will resume business October
31. with an entire new and
choice stock of
IMPORTED GOODS,
In the new 9larhle Building
on the corner of Wabash-ar.
and Xwenty-sccond-st,
NUMBER 85.
BUSINESS CARDS.
Reopening.
DIMKEITMCO.,
Having secured the spacious brick building No. 601
Wabash av„ uearTwcHth at., take great pleasure in in*
forming their patrons, and the trade generally, that
they will, on the 6th day of November, open an entirely
new stock of all g«ids heretofore kept by them. Oar
purchase# are made for cash, and the beat goods at the
lowest prices may be found-with ns.
ur books were all saved, and we hope our friends wil
aid us to maintain our position as the Leading Hons* (In
our line) in the West by promptly remitting for all bills
dnß D.W. A A. KEITH ICO.
Oct. 77. i
GREAT WESTERN
TYPE FOUNDRY.
Ten Per Cent off on Type.
The above discount will bo cfTen publishers and print
ers who suffered by the Large stock arriv
ing. AM order* promptly hilud. AVe are now manufac
turing leads, slugs. I.mm rule. etc.’, and will have onr
type machines running in a few days.
Barniartßios. Spmdler,
50 West -Itundolpli-Kt.
Hardware and Tools.
XIERABEE NORTH,
(Tnile 17t Lake it.)
Gave resumed bnrimw*, and are now opening, at
No. 48 W. Lake-st.,
Uielr usual full EMorlm-nt of Builders’ Hardware
Mechanics Toot,. Fine Cutlery, Drawing Instruments
Sheet Braes. Brans Wire. Ac.
BLISS. MOORE CO.,
Wholesale Grocers,
Mkhigan-av., Between Peck and
Eldridge-courts,
Aro prepared to fill nil orders promptly. Are receiving
and shipping at u«i <l.
GEO. H. FROST,
City Surveyor aol MogMiaii,
500 Wabash-av., Basement.
all my notes and'pUt* ofaurreya and
’'nWjrUio m*d-during the past 0*« years. lam nr.-
pared to duplicate them for the benefit of tor many pa
trons throughout the citv and connty. Surveys mniio in
*ll parts of (ho city at old price* and tbeir acenrao
enataotoed.
Mapping of all kinds done at pea soaable rates. I Ja
rite all nv friends to giro mo a call.
GEO. F. FOSTER,
sail Maker and Ship Chandler, la now located and in
running order at 13 Sonth Marketer. All orders wit]
continue to be filled with usual promptness. New In
voices of Blocks, Tackle, Cordage, Pitch, Duck of al|
kinds; Tar. etc., being received.
Parker, Lelz 6c. Co.,
Corner Ddifplaities end Curroll sts.
Sncreasore to S. Parker, 166 Washington st. Con
tr-cioia and Dealers supplies.
c. rou,A.\sm:n Sc son,
BANKiine,
401 WABASH-AV.
Th« ahor* Bn«i haro «t«bli»hf<l themselves *t the
*»«o»e mtlilrj'**, »lu-re thyy have Luilt a now Are-proof
vault, which ki».>9 lh»m undoubted acuritf for their
hooks, etc., ao'l wluire tiiey arw cuoductiux businea* the
nm« as previous to the tire.
«It DAT WESTERN
TYPE FOUNDUY.
No. SO West Itamlolph st., upstairs.
Type arriving, ami slues, calltys, Ac,
UAUMIAKT BUOS. ASPINDLKB.
Durands Powers,
Successors to Durand llroa. A Powers, aud Durands,
Powers X Mead,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
Corner West W'ashioglun wn-I Gre>tt> sts., Chicago, HI.
Now read/ to fill all orders in out lln* fur old or new
customer*.
JI.IBTIX MAYEUUUEFEU’S
BOARDING AND SALE STAULKS.
IJ2 lla«thigi at., corner Lootuis-sl.. west of Blue Inland
AV., haviuitevery lacility for the business. Will board
hor»rs for lees turn any other man in town, aud will
guarantee to sell my stock to per cent cheaper. Come
•ttnl ►fr* me.
Winduw Glas*.
D. S. SCHANCK A SUNS,
Importers of
Plate and Window GI as. tiT Chambers st.
Now VorkT
To Chicago merchants
starting anew and requiring such goods as we mannlae
ture. It wilt afford us great pleasure to fill their orders
at most favorable prices, and anon liberal terms.
Norman 91. Kerr A Co.,
Manufacturers of Jewellers’ Boxes, and all kinds of
Paper B»x»s. 31 South Fourlhat., Philadelphia, Pa.
Arthur We WluUelt,
LAW OFFICE,
562 Wabash-av., aud Boom 6 Lind’s Block. Ban-
dolpb-«t.
Window Glass,
Full stoclt. AH sixes.
MENDENHALL A K ITCH ELL.
No. 84 West Front »t„ Cincinnati. O.
Galvanized sheet Iron
AND SHEET IRON,
Full stock. All site*.
MENDENHALL A KITCIIXLL.
Na.y< West Front at.. Clnciunati.'Ohio.
H. W. AUSTIN 00.,
52 NORTH CLINTOS-ST,
(Near the Shut Tower.)
We l>w A full stock of Pumps, Gas Pipes, and Staple
Hardware, sstne as kept at 221 and £3 Sooth Water si.,
aud at same prices as before the flre.
To PUyslclaus.
RLI9B «Jfc SHARP,
Lata 106 State at.. Sooth DiTlaion, are located at *heir
firauch Store,
154 Twenty-second at,, corner Wabash av.,
WRh a pew and coranlste stork of DRUGS AND SUB
GIOAL INSTRUMENTS. Orders solicited, and will re
eelve prompt attention.
A, M. llinman Co.,
COMMIS3ION->l)r«s«o<i Hogs. Butter, Che*se. sop
Dried Fruit*. we makes specialty. Lake Park.opao*
site 2SS Michigan aT., Chicago.
A. M. lIINMAN, G. M. WILDER.
Refer to Sibley A Endlcott, wholesale grocers, Ingra
ham, Corbin A May.
CoNlna Hunt,
Oi WAD ASH-AY.
A complete stock of Men’s Furnishing Goods just re
ceived. shuts made to order.
COLLINS A HOST.
Beck Wirtlx,
WHOLESALE TOBRACOONISTa,
Has opened their new store with a full sssortment or
tobacco*, etc., on Mlchlsan-nv., beta tea Vongreas and
van Baron sis.
Bfattliew* &Ball,
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Boom 1t,34 south Clmton-st, Chicago.
P. P. MATHEWS.
Established..
i. M. »ALU
A. 91. AVrlglu Co.
COMMISSION MERCHANTS
aeNorlhCenSal.
A. M. Weight. P. Hicxcox.
Bond Ac Chandler,.
ENGRAVERS ON WOOD,
119 Weet Washington at.
Hawes A Lawrence*
ATTORNEYS, A T,L AW,
3M State-st.
Special attention given to preparing proof of losaee, A
complete lino ot blanks for proofs on band.
Hurlbut <k Edaall,
WHOLESALE DRUGGISTS,
Will continue bniim-as at €l9 State-at., and will be
ready to fili orders for drags fraoi Chicago about No*
vemberS. At present wesre filling orders from our
hew Tort office. All parties lod&sd to tu will
pieaee remit soon as possible, u
Important to Banks and Business
Houses.-
.-'Er. win ft,rnl f ror the next ninety days to parties
J? t l!'2s**Sli <l lii onriineat a very alight advance
ot actual coat. AH charge* prepaid. We do- all our
111,11 ho pleased to send
.f nc I? 1 f° r whatever you may want In
M l U 1
VIDAL, BROWN A WARNER,
W Leonard at.. New York City.
BUS PTE3S CARDS.
mE^|EO.M.
HAVE OPENED AT
158 Twenty-Second-st., near State,
With a full line of goods. Orders
promptly filled. With many fine
goods saved, and through their
Now York and Parisian houses
they, can offer all their former
inducements to purchasers.
C. S. RANKIN CO.,
ArcMtsctnral Iron forts,
CIjN'CIJN'IVA.TX. OHIO,
Manufacture Store Fronts. Doors and Shatters, Jail
Work, Glass Pavements, Grates, Mantels, Hail
log. Ac.
FRANCIS WEBBER,
OYSTERS,
58 and 60 West Madison-st.
Alt orders promptly filled as before the fire.
To the stove Trade,
nuItDETT SMITH A CO..
♦klE’LS.v’.™ rn* pa red to furnish foil tin~ of
siovea. Also the celebrated
Wparlor .tore. tlia Dnhaqae, at old
pores, vtarerounii. Clark, it., Chicago, 111.
a o ,®","’*2°. Slesslneer, manufacturer and
wtMtea.ledeateria Tobacco, hnnOT, andOistrs 106 ms
aud.ns Summit-st., Toledo, u. bnlere sSklted.
J, M. Stine, Kramer Co.,
Annouacn to tholr friends and the trade gene rally that
they have temporarily located at
519 STATE BTUEET,
.Near Garmon Court, whore they will open In a tew
days, a fteeb and desirable stock of
Notion*. Hosiery-, Gents Pnrntahlas Uoeds
etc
at popular prices. Order* solicited, and promptly at
tended to..
Ramicn Brothers Co,,
Importers and Jobbers'of Notions. Taney Oood».
R”.? Trimmlnei. Buttons, Lacs*. Hosiery. Gloves.
BwHo Z t phyr \Vor«cd Knitting taro*. Embroider!*,,
IW-ad«, Ac., 3T5 and 360 Broadway,- Milwaukee, Wu-
Conualulon Serdumla,
tamper* tt office <3« Wabash ar.
11. IV. nogen, Jr., Bro.,
PRODUCE. COMMISSION AND
BOOT AND SHOE STOBE,
Former!/ 357 Canal at., ba* removed to 233 West
Twelfth at.. Riser's Building. a
Temporary office. 213 Sooth Green.at.
F. J. RUTH,
SQUARE BRAND OYSTER DEPOT,
85 anti 87 South Canal-st,
Orders from city and country promptly attended to.
John Lylo King,
tij c«ste st. at east sad of Polk st.
Warner Sc Felix,
Wholesale Wooden and Willow Ware.
Have opened a full line of goods on the Lake Shore,
between Harmon and Eldridge-courts. and are new
ready forbntlneas.
Harman Jaoobio,
ALBANY, H.T..
Proprlstor* of BRICK Ua*
pr»P»r»l to mi order* at once fortbti m*.
Bh,o »i Tbo*. lnt ß r«t?a are HiTlted to call at the Chi
c«o Tribune Office and rtamlneeatj of the m-ehloe;
aU.*. tbe enduraomaota pi *h» hudlng bnek makers ofr
Albany and Troy. This macbtoa I* constructed for
•team or water power; will make in.ir*- to SO.W) brick
of superior quality tu leu boars. Circular* ami lull in*
formation siTrn.
Write
l!em -vrt«l to 263 State «t.. near Harrison.
Northwestern Type Foundry,
•Ms foundry has DOW on hand flfteea h»nt of Ena!i*h
end German type. It consists of all sixes from non
(wrellto plea. Ahalfdox-n dreeswaforlanTTlwdSaMrs
n furnished at one*-, with (•’ana, rates etc to
®*teh. The Milwaukee SriiliD<-l, News, and
S°l*- r sti “V* f tho ‘rre manufactured at
JillVi. ndn e r ,r 1 l ’M« toff«»sit.| finish, aa Well ae
toughness of metal, the trpe ma le at this foundry will
T^r^ Urar^ r ?‘L h ,be Y** *t nnr other fonn
-22i l Aw* W r f b T I *«»«Teral Orat-clau prea»"s
and iobbsra for stla. A NcmS v\
ty?ffS»ndry Clto e,oCttOtyP f )ttnJrJr »»*«hed io‘iho
October 2t,*ian.
Gaye Brothers Co.
0G 1 INDIANA-AT.
~°V w ,t<>ck of Millinery Goods, booght af nefl
h a I* 0..w arriving, and on and after mil?
position to wait on cnstonVera
tB 3 formerlyT Everything new and stylish
sod snltsdde for winter trade.
Parties owing ns can. by sending os HONEY at this
particular tin*, assist us rare much IS
A. B. Baldwlu,
LAW AND LOAN Of FICt
STEARNS KENNY,
Stationers and Printer*.
A largo stoexof at wholesale and
JOB PRINTING OP EVERY DESCRIPTION.
)56 Twenly-secood-at., Chicago.
from th» country will lecelfeproapiattaa.
NOTICE.
Greensfelfler, Hosentbal Co..
HAVE OPENED THEIR SEW PLACE.
Cor. Michigan-av. Congress-st.,
(Opposite Michigan ar. Hotel), and are prepared to Oil
orders fer
BOOTS AND SHOES
With tbetr wonted promptness and panetnallty.
STANTON CO.
OFFER A FULL LISE OF
Family Groceries,
Wines, Liquors Havana Cigars,
AT
857 WABASH -.A. V.
SAMUEL S. WHITE’S
DENTAL DEPOT,
Tuato 131 and 133 State-st.,
Will shortly occupy the new building ;now Ulna
ixpressly fop oar batinees. ea Madison st., east
®f'•••*» T wa receive oar friend* sod
fill their orders at 121 Eighteeotbst,, near State
B. R. BINOHA3I. Manager.
BAmacteu W th celebrated ROCHESTER
Instock:. Locks, screws, butts, binges, carpenters’
tools, carnage bolts, At., Ac. Goods arriving dailr
horao nail* r*edved*to>day!
The trade are iQTlled to coll on us.
Van SW, Stevenson Eeid,
Wholesale Druggists,
Si7 t 840y and 831 Wabash Aytnue,
Arspreparedteflil ail ordera promptly; are lecturing
and shipping a* usual.
Jobn tylo Kin?,
433 State ft,, at east end of Polkst.
Keystone Collar Co.
U.T, reopened os Stlt. ,t, .ban ihrr Till b
pleased to eee their old Iriends.land as many new ones a*
may choose to call.
Jevne Almini,
D«*lers in artists* and painters’ materials'.' Fresco and
house painters,
«6 9 ST AT£ *S T
Goods arriving daily.
John Davis Co.,
hkre resumed baalnesa at their old stand, 75,77 and
79 Michigan st, between Wells and Franklhvetp.
Steam heating and iron pipe fliting In all Ita
ranches promptly attended to.
Cbfts* R. Messtnger,
Underwood «Ss Co.,
SEED MERCHANTS.
10 Weat Randolph-st.
'S. Lillis,
Geo* H. Gale,
Commission Merchant,
LAW OFFICE,
UAUUAK A JACOIUK,
Albany* N. Y
Cook McLain,
DYERS,
MILWACKEE.
We are now located at
C B. iluamer Sou,
Notary Public.
No. S3 9 WABASH AT,
LAW OFFICE,