kc ItotMS $Mfi
gOL. MIIXER,
Ertitor.
WHITE CL0T7D, KANSAS:
Thursday) NoTcmber 2, 1871.
Republican County Ticket.
Fur County Treaaurer,
B8BRBT TRACT.,
For Sheriff,
RAXCEL XAfCII EX.
For Cinty Clerk.
CniBLKH BAPPEI.VK.
Fit Register of Deed.
For County Surveyor.
IIKXBY I11IM'
For Conmer.
I T. HOI.I.ASI
Cor County tmmisslonerav
JOHN E.. HXAIH, 1M BUtrlel.
jettEPH BAHBOI.PH, SM awiefrict.
HKXBV MTKEE.B, 3 BUfrlet.
For Representative. First District,
THXM 91. PIKBCK.
For Railroad lwm, Second Judicial District.
JtsHPT P. JOBUS.
The ElectloB.
Xcxt Tnesilay will be flection "y-
hojie.1 that even- Republican will go to the poll.
All who think that the tocccm of the party u of
more conseqnence than the'picvancea anil di
appointroeute of a-l-iring indiridnals, will vote
and work for Hie ticket.
The nominations were feirly male ome of
them, after a most thorough, canvass. Kothing
can be said against their capability, their honesty,
or their moral diameter. They are all first-class
men, who used no dishonorable means to secure
their nomination; aud they deserve the hearty
support of every Republican.
Rumors keep coining to us, that some of the un
successful candidates or if not the candidates
themselves, some of their most active friends are
using their utmost efforts to beat several of tiie
candidates on the Republican ticket, and elect the
Democratic candidates. The effort is mainly
agaiust the Treasurer aud Sheriff. Men holding
position in the party are said to bo in this conspi
racy, and are already dealing out liquor in the
interest of a Democratic candidate. If it has come
to the pitch that certain men have to be. kept in
office continually, letting go of one fat place to
take hold of another, or divide the rarty and de
feat the ticket, it may as well be tested one time
as another. We hope our information is incorrect;
but there are too many reports from different
sources, not to have home foundation. When men
enter into a canvass, and submit their claims to
the decision of a Convention, and are fairly beaten,
there is no law to compel them to honorably abide
the decision, lint, on the other hand, when men
show so little regard fur the rules of honor, there
is no law to preveut others from rcniemlieriug.
them in the fntnre. Hail the present outs been
successful, they would have demanded that tho
opponents support the ticket. The same obliga
tion rests noon them to support the men ho were
chosen over them. If there is any of the kind of
work done that we have so many rumors of, it
will be well known who does it, and will bo re
membered when the day conies around again.
We do not beliove there are enongh Republi
cans in the County who can be iudnced to betray
their party in this manner, to change the result. If
true men do their dnfy, there need be no fears.
Vote, and work!
ii
Tiiod .art tiik Max. In reply to our item
about-tlie Doniphan riot, two weeks shire, Mr. J.
J..RlCKKTrsappean in a card in the Doniphau
Democrat ut last week, taking the thing upon him
self, and throwing a few gobs of stale mud at ns.
We stated that we had been informed that the
editor of the Doniphan Democrat had originated
the riot, by hiring a bully to whip a negro bar
ber. Bicketts, in his denial, addresses his rani to
the "Editor of the Democrat" Now, if he is the
editor of the Democrat, why does lie address a com
munication over his own signature, published in
that paper, to the editor of the Democrat! And
if be, is not the editor, why does ho jump to take
the accusation upon himself, if the thing did not
rub him T He explains that the whole thing orig
inated in the City Marshal stoning a thieving,
chicken-stealing nigger barber" out of his back
yard. As onr informant was a reliable man, we
calculate our statement was correct though we
did not expect the Doniphau Ku-KIuxcs would
go into the Bickett over it.
Tiik.Nf.w Obsekuk. The year 1673 will be a
jubilee year to the Xew York Obterrer, which was
established in the beginning of 1823. This paper
is one of the most influential in the country ;.nmt
has acquired its influence by a rigid adherence
to, and a fearless advocacy of, sound principles in
Church and State. It has both a Religious and a
Secular Department, kept distinct and although
not political or partisan in its character, it freely
expresses and ably defends its views on matters
of public policy. It has been for almost half a
century a light in the Chnrch and a pillar in the
State. It will celebrate its jubilee by presen'ing
to each one of its subscribers a Nrw Ykar Book
on encylopirdia? of the most valuable informa
tion in regard to those matters in the Chnrch and
in civil life which every one desires to have con
stantly at band. The book alone will be worth a
year's subscription to the paper. Send for a
specimen copy of the paper. New Subscribers
will receive tho paper free until Jannary 1st.
How They Do It. There are some 40 or CO
Democrats in aud around White Cloud. They
mnst feel flattered with the way they are treat
ed by their brethren in the Couuty. AVhen the
Democracy want to get np a ticket, a few of the
old bell-wethers get together at the County Seat,
fix np a ticket, leaving White Clond Democrats
oniefthe count,, and ucertako them into con
sideration until a day or two before the election,
-when they kindly send np a batch of tickets for
them, to Tote I Tho only hm thcyiave for White
Cloud Democrats, is to vote on election day. If
the White Cloud Democrats were'real spunky fel
lows, they would veto that arrangement. Hadn't
they better join the Republican party, where they
make those little things interesting I Annmber
of them did want to vote at onr primary election,
and took a great deal of interest in it. Now is a
good time to come into the rauks, and become en
titled to vote at the next primary election.
Basis for K(t Convention. There having
been some dissatisfaction over the apportionment
of Delegates for tho County Convention, it lias
been proposed to make the basis of the next Con
vention, the average vote for the leading candi
dates on the Republican ticket, this year. As an
example, tako the three offices of Treasurer, Sher
iff, and Clerk. Suppose a TowutJiip jthonld give
fin-the Republican candidate for Treasurer, 156
votes; for Sheriff, lfi8 for. Clerk, 210. The ag
gregate would te KU votes, which, divided by 3,
would make the average vote 178, and this would
be themrmbereonnted in apportioning Delegates.
We think this idea a good one. If Townships
want a large delegation in a Convention to nomi
nate a ticket, let them tnm out the vote on ejec
tion day, and give a united support to the ticket
that is nominated.

Represextative Nomination-. -The Repub
lican District Convention, at Highland, on Sat
urday, nominated Thomas M. Plerce, of Iowa
Point, for Representative of the First District.
His name-will, be fonnd in the ticket at the head
of our columns, and there is no doubt of his elec
tion. L7 Some malcontents in Linn County have
got out an independent ticket, npon which we
find the name of James D. Sxoddy for Coroner.
If stacted, wejrappoaa be wfllaot stoop to the Sen
ate again, v.
Thf. Meotjcwtt Tbxau Dr. Mi-ucorr, of
Lawrence, has just hadhU trial, at Garactt, for
the mnnler of RtTll, ami has been found guilty
of murder, in the tirst degree. It appears that
RUTH was poisoned. After he had taken the poi
son, and found it out, he wrote the fact on a mem
orandum tolling who gave him the stuff, aud
what in then delilierately iimlrrmnl himself, and
went to bed to die when at the same tiaw he
could have raised a window, opened door, or
rapped on a partition, and brought help! Yet the
inn- .Willed that there was no reasonable doubt
of Meducutt's guilt the utir did Dot appear
to them like suicide Oiipoi the witnesses for tho
prosecution was a pro6"il burglar. A new trial
has been naked for, anil will probably be granted.
The conviction 1 not so mnch to be wondered
at, when we reeolTcct that tho Lawrence papers
have been working for that cud all Summer, and
have had mJlEnucorr sensation story almost
ever- week. This illustrates the jmiwct of the
l'"5v
How is Tins? Wo hear it report eil that there
is much dissatisfaction, from some cause or other,
about Highland and Wolf River, with tho nomi
nation of Mr. Fierce for Representative; aud
that a meeting was to have been held, withiu the
past day or two, to bring out another candidate.
Now, if the people of Wolf River are dissatisfied,
it is their own fault. Mr. Pierce was nominated
by jnst one majority. Wolf River, while being
entitled to fonr Delegates in the Convention, had
barely one present. Had her full complement
been there, she would have had the selection in
her own hands. Is this jnst the clean thing, to
stay away from the Convention, then grumble at
and bolt its selection of candidates!
We wish wo were certain that this movement is
not really a part of a plan lieing adopted to dam-
ago the Republican Conty ticket.
tjf A late telegraphic despatch says that a let
ter from "Lincoln, I1L, says that, "on the 28th ult,
Miss Makv Ann 8evk.xdf.ll, aged almut18 years,
while in the office of Ueason Uuxx, lawyers,
shot Hkxry II. Howell, of Prairie Creek. Tho
shot was from liehind."
Wonder if Hexhy had to bnry his clothes, or if
it cost Reasox Buxx anything to disinfect
their office afterwards t
CST "Boss" Tweed, of Tammany, has at last
been brought to bay. He has been arrested for
stealing and swindling, and has been compelled
to give .1 conple of million dollars bail. He has
put all his ill-gotten property out of his hands, to
prevent the city from recovering any ef his steal
ings. Three or fonr thieving contractors, in
whose name most of the stealing was done, havo
absqnatulated, to avoid arrest.
53 The District Convention, at Highland, ap
pointed a District Executive Committee, consist
ing of one person from each- voting precint, for the
ensuing j ear. The following persons compose it
White Cloud, Jons II. Urr; Highland. Frbiiemck
J. Close; Iowa Point, Johx Crumley; Fanning,
Wm. Hedrick; Wolf River, Abram Bexxett and
J. 8. Byers.
iy Gen. Robert Axdersox, the hero of Fort
Sumter, died at Nice, in France, on the 2Cth of
October. There seems to lie an impression that
our Government did not treat him just as he de
served; but probably that belief originated with
friends of the men who bombarded him out of
Fort Sumter.
fT ni (Baker's) last bout iritli SoL Miller, shows that
he in capable of naing op the most unsparing adversary.
Lavrenee Standard.
As the Chief does not exchange with the Stan
dard, and that paper has had no opportunity to
see more than one side of the question, wo cannot
see how it arrives at its conclnsion. liAKERinust
have told it himself!
EP" The big chiefs of Taminany and Salt Lake
nro now in tribulation one for coveting too much
of tho world; the other, too much of the flesh
and both will get a lilwral share of the devil. Be
tween them, they hold more dupes under their
thumbs than any other two men in America.
rF The Republicans of Brown County have
nominated a good ticket, and there is but little
encouragement for "independents." Dr. C. F.
Bowrox is the candidate for Representative, and
M. B. Bowers is one of the candidates for com
missioner.
CP Hon. Titos. Ewixg died at his home in
Lancaster, Ohio, October 26th, at the age of 82.
He was one of Ohio's greatest men. All the sons
he leaves behind, 'put together, wonld not make a
shadow of the old man in ability.
Lewis Twining, known as the "Bee Man,"
was found dead in his bed, at a Topeka hotel, last
week. His vanquished competitor, Jexxisox,
still lives.
State lYews.
The Lawrence Journal says that Mrs. I. M. Ruth
was arrested at her house n Saturday last, as an
accomplice in the murder of her husband, as "ac
cessory before the fact," The arrest was made
abont 4 o'clock, by Cspt. Carues and three police
men. A thorough search was made throngh the
house, and'a large number of papers, letters, mem
oranda, etc., taken away. One thing taken was n
diary in which were a few interesting notes, and
from which parts of pages had lieen torn in differ
ent places, airs, icum am not appear greatly
affected hv the proceedings, and with the excep
tion of n few sarcastic remarks and a little hys
terical Ianchter. no feelinir was disnlaved. She
was taken in a hack to the jail, and will there
remain, unless released on bail, nntil a prelimina
ry trial is had, which will probably be held with
in two weeks.
It is said that if every man, woman and child in
the United States wero-settleir-in-Kansas, they
would have an acre apiece and something to spare.
The genjns who made this calculation must have
had considerable time to spare.
A woman named Vansel attempted to commit
suicide in Leavenworth on Sunday night. She
procured and swallowed an ounce of laudanum,
but was discovered before the poison had time to
operate, A doctor was seut for who administered
an emetic, and she soon recovered. So determined
was she to 'shuffle off," that the doctor hail to pry
open her jaws liefore he could get her to swallow
the emetic.
A man named Oscar Williams was murdered at
Baxter Springs one day last week. He was stan
ding in a saloon, leaning over the bar, when a
shot was fired tarongb. his lungs, killing him in
stantly. It is unknown who fired the shot.
Buffalo meat is selling at Beloit, Mitchell coun
ty, at five eeuts per pound.
The Oxford Time says that the timber along
wie ArKansoff nver is mu 01 iiecr, ami inousanus
of wild geese, ducks, brandts and other water
fowl may be seen any morning on the river. Shot
gnns are in demand, and skirmishing is lively.
The Abilene Chronicle chronicles an account of
a very ilcstructive prairie fire in that viciuitv.
Mr. Perkins, lost his house and contents; 8. F.
Penfield lost a yoke of oxen Mr. Moore lost thirty
tons of hay; J. Waller lost seveuty-five tons of
hay, all he had, and has one bnndred and fifty
rattle to winter; Mr. Southworth lost all of bis
bay, fifteen tons; A. K. Ruse, L. Granger, Stephen
Winster, Geo. Pnrvis, Alex, and Thomas Fairchild,
M. P. Poller, and others lost all of their hay. Mr.
Pray lost 200 hundred tons valued at $300.
There are inoro buffalo beyond Hays City, and
all along the road, than have been known for'
years before.
A conple of men doing business at WUliainstown
got into a quarrel over some girls, drew revolvers
on each, other, aud after hard wonts, concluded to
dissolve business connections, and play quits.
Corn is plenty at Oxford, Sumner county, at
fifty cents per bushel.
John Murphy, one of the commissioners of
Cloud county, died on the 18th inst.
Many fanners thronghont Nemaha county have
beaiu compelled to sell their stock on arconnt of
prairtn fijes buming-il their winter supply of hay.
AMr. Scltz, of Iola, has tried the experiment of
raising two emus of potatoes in one season, and
succeeded admiraJ.lr. He says the potatoes of
the second crop are larger than the first.
A colored man named Johnson. living in Em
poria, had his bouse entered on Thursday night
last by burulars. They only got away with his
pocket book and in money, Johnson had
raid a span of horses on Tuesday for $300.'esh.
and It was donbtless that fact that led to the rob
bery. Fortunately, however, he had taken the
precaution to deposit it in bank.
RlOnr FTME FUSE.
latervlew wtth In. Leary The Cw
aa aa strr.
Rightfully or wrongly, the great fire of London,
SepLr-VlGGG, is laid to the door of a bake-house,
kept by one Farrj-ner, in Pudding lane, near the
Tower; and rightfully r wrongfully, the great
fire of Chicago, Oct. 8, 1871. will go down to his
tory as chargeable to one Mrs. Leary, a.dairywo
man, living on De Knven street, between Canal
and Jefferson streets.
According to Mistress. Rumor, the cow-woman
was later than nana! abont her milking, and to
"lighten" the job she took a kerosene lamp to
the stable. While at her work, the beast she was
draining, np with her right hind leg and hit the
lamp a kick, splashing the burning fluid against
the wall. In an instant the whole stable was in
flames, ami tin: woman had time only to escape
with her life, leaving the kme to roast. Another
slightly varied version is that she milked at the
usual honr, but in the evening took her lamp and
went out to see if all was right, and fancying that
the cows wanted salting, she pnt the lamp down
by the door and went back for her salt dish. Be
fore she returned the barn was all ablaze.
The story told that night, and before any one
had the least idea that a great conflagration was
in store, was caught up by the electric wires the
next morning, and- Banned wherever telegraphy
extend.. Even if it were an abjured rumor, forty
miles wide of the truth, it would be useless to at
tempt to alter "the verdict of history." Mrs.
Lear) has made .1 sworn statement in refutation
of the charge, and it is Kicked by other affidavits;
bnt to little purpose. She is in for it, and no mis
take. Fame has seized her, and appropriated her,
name, barn, cows, and .all. She has won, in
spite of herself, what the Ephesiau youth panted
after.
Now that our reporters have a little leisure for
matters of secondary importance for things more
curious than essential we send one of them to
the spof where tho fire originated, for whatever
clouds may shroud the cause of the fire, the place
where it began is quite beyond dispute. He had
the good fortune to find the woman herself, and
here is his report of the interview
In the centre of tho block stands a small one
story tenement. On every side are ashes and cin
ders. Not a bonne, or shed remains west, south,
or north of it, and a half a dozen ash piles tell the
passer-by where stood houses on the east of the
solitary shanty (for it is that and nothing more).
It is past explanation that all the rest went and
that remained. Especially mysterious is it, from
the fact that the barn in which the fire originated
was hardly more than a rod off. As the wind
was blowing furiously from the south-sonthwest,
one would suppose the southwest corner of the
block could easily have been saved. But there is
no end to the freaks of a Conflagration.
We saw a stout Irish woman, some thirty-five
years of age, standing at the rear door of this
solitary houw, with a babe in her arms, talking
with one of her conntrymen. Without announ
cing onr errand, we fell into conversation upon
the snbject that everybody is talking nnd think
ing about, gradnally leading her on to the specific
Mtint in pun. She was nothing loth to tell her
tale. The dialogue ran substantially as follows:
Reporter "Are you the lady of the hoimef
Mrs. Leary I am, sir." R. "Have yon lived
here long!" Wrs. L. Going 011 five ears." R.
"Do yon own this place!" Mrs. L "I do."
R Did the fire start in yonr bam f Mrs. L -"It
did." R. "What was in itr Mrs. L.
"Five cows, a horse, and alwut two toni of hay
in the loft." R. "Is your husband an express
man!" Mrs. L. "Indade, he is not. We all
knocked our living ont of those five blessed rows,
and I never had a cint from the narish in- all mv
life, and the dirty Timet had no business to say it,
nail cess, to it. K. "Mow ahont that kerosene
lamp story I" Mrs. L. "There is not a word of
truth in the whole story. I always milked mv
cows by daylijjht, and never had a lamp of any
kind or a candle abont the barn. It must have
been set afire. Two neighbors at the far end of
the alley saw a straniro man come 11 1 about half-
past 9 in the evening. He asked them was the
alley ataight through. They told him it vtm, and
he went through. It wasn't fiyetninnte till they
saw the barn 011 fire. Before we had time to get
out-the horse or any or the cows it was all gone,
and tho fire was muiiinc in even- direction. The
loy turned to nnd saved the house. I hope to die
if this isn't every word jf it true. If you was a
priest I wouldn't tell it any different."
All further nncstioninir was useless. This wo
man had nothing more or different to say upon
the subject. Finding that no more was to he
gathered from her, and feeling sorry for the poor
dame's loss, our reporter somewliat tamely and
tritely remarked, "it was pretty rough on yon,
anyway." "Kongns sue exclaimed, "why, my
God, man, it was a terror to the world!"
The fog will probably never rise from that bam.
Whether fired by an incendiary or a kerosene
lamp kicked nver hv an irate cow, must remain
an open question. The woman would naturally
shrink from the responsibility, knowing that she
would lie severely blamed for her carelessness,
and feeling, in her ignorance, that she might lie
made to suffer for it, either by mob violence or the
hand of the law. On the other hand, there is
nothing improliable in her story. One thins is
certnin: Whether man or cow, match or lamp,
the Greatest fire of all the aces heiran in a dairy
kept in the very heart of the city. Chicago Jour
nal, ua. 21.
A Tiiriluxo Ixcikext. The Chicago Journal
says that one of the most thrilling and painful
little incidents of the 'conflagration on the west
side was ns follows:
Arxmple of families, the heads of which were
teamsters, living near the lake shore, not far from
the water works, stuck to their homes till the
last moment, in'the hope of saving a portion of
their effects. They were cut off by the flames;
however, and compelled to flee as they could, bnt
the' only direction in which they could go was in
to the lake. The men succeeded in getting their
teams hitched np, and hastily putting themselves
nnd families on the truck wagon, they drove-iuto
the lnkeas far as possible without drnwing. This
was a six o'clock on Monday morning. There
they were ohlighed to remain throngh that live
long day, scorched by the heat almost beyond the
power of endurance, and oblighed to dive into the
water at freqnent intervals, to keep from being
consumed. At six o clock in the evening, a small
tug approached the group of sufferers, and took
away the women amVchildren, but could not take
the men. The hnshands and fathers were left
there for twelve hours longer, and finally, on Toes
day morning were rescued by another boat. All
of tho party .found each other at last, at the hou
ses of friends on the west side, but their sufferings
may yet terminate fatally.
Ax Lxcidext of the Great Fire. The follow
ing is one of the thrilling incidents of the recent
fire, which occurred in Washington-street Tunnel:
During the fiercest era of the tire, when thousands
upon thousands were rushing through the tunnel,
which is over oner thousand feet in length, the
gas suddenly gave out, and all were left in total
darkness. A terrible panic, a collision, and the
trampling to death of the weaker by fhe stronger
seemed inevitable. Bnt strange as it m.-y seem,
everybody in the dark recess seemed at once to
comprehend the necessity for coolness and courage.
Not a man lost his presence of mind, bnt all with
one accord bore to the right, each calmly enjoin
ing upon the others to bo cool and steady, and to
uiarcii oieauy 11a 1111 iuo ngui couni ue reacnefi.
Rapidly, but without confusion, the two columns
moved on through the thick darkness with almost
military precision, the silence lieing broken only
by the frequent shouts of "Right," "Right?
There was no collision, and no one was harmed,
but all, reached the eud of the tnnncl in safety,
and then, for the first time in almost ten minutes,
breathed freely.
Hard to Please. The fierce lizht which beats
npon the throne beats as impartially upon the
White House. President Grant waived a recep
tiou at Boston, and desired tho fnnds raised by
the citizens to lie applied tothe relief of Chicago.
Thereon the Democratic press berated him shame
fully for being generous with the money of othersJ
10 me. Having 01 uis proper purse. .It subsequent
ly transpired that the President hail at the same
time subscribed (1,000 at Washington, and now
the Democratic press revile him for not giving
more, alleging that he is worth at least a million
of money. These gentlemen, so hard to please,
wonld seem to be descendants in the direct line
of the apostle whoohjected tothe wasteofprecions
ointment by the Magdalene; and when they talk
about the proportion of donations to wealth, pro
voke the retort that as yet nothing has been heard
of Messrs. Tweed. Hall, Sweeney and Connolly,
all Democrats of the most straitest sect, each of
whom can pnt down fifty thousand dollars, when
the President can put down a single thousand.
Chicago Pott
A Few Great Fires of Europe axd America.
London. 1660, 1&200 buildings destroyed; loss,
$35,000,000.
Moscow, 1812, 30,800 buildings burned: loss,
$150,000,000. Only 6,000 honses left standing.
Savannah, 1820, 463 buildings burned; loss,
$8,000,000.
New York, 1835, 648 buildings burned; loss.
L$18,000,000.
lltteunrg, itHo, iw unimings destroyed; loss,
(5.000.000.
St. Louis, 1349, 418 buildings and 27 steamboats
bumed; loss, $6,000,000.
San Francisco, 1851, 3,500 huUdUigs burned;
loss, $17,000,000.
Constantinople, 1852, 300 buildings burned.
Hamburg, 1852, 1,747 buildings burned.
Portland, 1866, 1,600 buildings burned; loss
above insurance, $5,500,000.
Constantinople, 1870; over 7100 buildings burn
ed; I.OOOUvm and $25,000,000 worth of property lost.
B PB-WEK VIB-a.
TtVM Brae Timamm b. ra Wii
Wli C A tfc V fas -pfc I
From the La Crnaae Sepobncsa.
From a party lately arrived In this city from
Dokota who traveled tome days through and
along the burning district of Dakota and North
western Minnesota, we glean the following. Wo
nsc the language of our informant
"Forsome days previous to' leaving Cheyenne
river, iu Dekota, at a point seventy five miles west
of the crossing of the Northern Pacific Railroad at
Red river, a dense smoky atmosphere prevailed,
which each day grew more dense, warning na that
immense 'prairie fires' were approaching our
quarters rapidly, and our party deemed it prudent
to move eastward as fist aa possible, e made
immediate preparations, but-loond that we were
in'the saddle none too soon. The intense heat
and weight of smoke affect e I ns very much, .and
soon after starting, we were forced to ride as rap
idly as it was possible for oar beasts to carry us.
All through that long day we toiled along, our
eyes nearly blinded; with parched throat, and
cracked lips, and intense thirst, we rode on, and
on, till at nightfall we came in sight jof Red river,
having ridden seventy-five miles without rest or
halt but once. Glad were'the hearts of onr party,
and much rejoicing was there at onr escape from
great danger, if not from loss of life. At points
along the route the wall of flames wonld be quite
near us. Its roar conld be distinctly heard many
miles, and its ranid motion was surmising. The
line of fire teemed to bo a solid wall of tiame of
about 20 to 30 feet in height, ami moved as rapiiuy
as a fleet horse could run. Occasionally a sirtiou
of the line would break away in bodies of 40 or
more feet square, and be carried, with almost
electric rapidity, a distance of50 or 100 rods ahead,
and then strike the high dry grass, which woidd
immediately ignite and add its destroying force to
the already gigantic conflagration.
After resting at Red river onr party, reduced to
three persons, moved on eastward and southward,
passing nver a district bnt 'lately burned. We
could not distinguish an object 50 yards away.
Grjat, heavy clouds of smoke banging, like a pall,
throngh all the distance of 250 miles we traveled
before reaching the Mississippi river, and even
there the smoke was very oppressive. We devia
ted somewhat from the usual route traveled, and
found at different points the charred remains of
three human being, noinmg lett but the bodies,
and those burned to a crisp. The sight was hor
rible in all particulars, and not a thing could lie
found that would in any way identify the bnmed
corpses.
We heanl of one case that showed great pres
ence of mind and much calmness. A man who
had been with Sherman in his march to the sea."
was caught iu the midst of a fire which was ap
proaching him from all sides. Having nomatches
to create what is called setting a hack fire," and
death staring him in the face, his wit suggested a
"gopher hole." Settingat work with he will that a
man would use who was working tor life, he at
tacked the sod with a large hunting knife, cutting
a large piece away; be rolled it back, and at once
commenced throwing the soft, dry earth upward
and outward, and soon bada hobdiigof sufficient
size to admit his body. Carefully drawing the
sod towanl him he succeeded in drawing it over
his body, and then filled np tho "chinks" from
dirt within. He laid there until the fire passed
nver him, and was spreading furiously on its way,
miles distant, then slowly he cran led out of his.
living grave, heated fearfully, but injured iu no
way whatever. His soldier experience had saved
his life.
No one who has not'.witnessed this besom of de
struction 011 the plains," can form any adequate
idea of its magnitude, its velocity, its fiendish like
cruelty, its thundering like roar aud its vast de
struction. The latest information we had was tliat the fire
had reached the Big Woods," about two hun
dred miles northwest of La Crosse, and was rag
ing furiously, destroying everything it came 111
contact with horses, hams, cattle, everything is
lost to settlers and fanners w ho are iu the track
of the destroying element. Iu the peat country,
the tire will linger longer than on the prairies,
and do much more damage, as it destroys the
earth.
Tbe Horror In tbe Clonds.
A corresiMiiident of the New York World thin
describes the awful death of Frof. Wilhurat Paoli,
Indiana:
It was tho gayest day of the week at the fair;
everybody was iu holiday dress, the girls looked
their prettiest, the farmers tho most florid, and
the couutry beaux were be-uecktied and invested
in colors vying not only with the rainbow but
with the utmost powers of aniline. The centre
of attraction was, of course, the enclosed snace
where the balloon was to bo inflated, about which
gathered ail eager crowd, looking at everything
connected with the expected eveut, studying the
ropes, peering about to Cud where tho gas came
from, and pestering the amiable professor with
questions as to how the gas was made, what made
the balloon go up, aud other questions of that
sort. The professor laughed good naturally, ex
plained as muih a possible, and everybody was
jolly iu anticipation of witnessing that to "t hem
unusual of things, a balloon ascension.
At abont 4 o'clock in the iiftercmoon the in
flation of the liallon was commenced, nnd as the
bag swelled out almost to bursting, .and struggled
to be free, everybody was on tl.e qnl rire those
remote from the spot straining their necks, clim
bing on carriages, and even nKin the fences to see
clear. It had been announced that the editor of
the Orange County Union would accompany the
Profef sor in his ascent, and great things were ex
pected from the report which his well tnnim
ability as a descriptive writer gave every reason
uciico nuum no muiuuug in inencxi issue
of his newspaper. I was standing beside the
professor, laughing and holding a necessarilj dis
jointed conversation withliim, for he was bnsy
with preparations for his flight. He had jnst nod
ded his head, and said laughingly, "Well, good
bye, old fellow, I'll see yoii again soon." Mr.
Knajip stepped into the car, and the professor,
who hail hold of the rope f.wteuning the car to
the body of the balloon, shouted, "Let go."
But he had spoken too soon, and was unable to
reach the car. but still unwisely kept the rope in
his hand, and endeavored to climb into his place,
succeeding 01 ly so fi,r as to get one arm over the
niu 01 toe basket, wnere he hung dangling and
struggling. His motions and the fact that the
basket came in contact with a rope which had
fastened the balloon previous to tho ascent to
the earth while it was heiiiir inH.itnl. ntwt
car wlien it was about twenty-five feet from tho
ground, and Mr. Knapp fell stunned to the ground.
But there was no time for raring for him, for ter
ror held everyliody sell-bound.
A shout of "admiration went up from those who
were too far distant from the scene to know what
had really happened, that an accident had befal
len the adventurer, who snpimsed that the ascent
was being made nam contrttempn.
But to those in the immediate vicinity of the
car, the sight was an awful one, and for a mo
ment everyone seemed paraly7cd with terror, and
stood rooted to the spot withont uttering a word
or cry. The balloon, lightened by the fall of Mr.
Knapp, shot upward with readful velocity, and
a scream of terror which chilled the blood of the
hearers came down from the upper air, where the
icronant hung, utterly hopeless of escaping death.
At my side stood a woman who, as I afterward
heard, was the professor's wife. Her eyes were
bursting from their sockets, and her face nallld
ami ghastly with fear.JShe clntrhed the air, as
if for support, and with one hand she grasped my
arm, still looking upward for the balloon, which,
swifter than an arrow, shot throngh the air." Up,
np it went; growing smaller and smaller in its
flight, and then with increased velocity, it gave a
sudden start, and shot Cuter towards the clouds.
Then a speck was seen iu the air, growing
larger and larger as it fell. "Oh, my God!" cried
the woman, who clnng to me with iron grasp, "ho
will die he will be killed."
Tet her eyes remained nmn that fnllim lwl-
At first it seemed like the stick of a rocket com
nig down with the speck of light. When about
a half mile from the ground hts body ceased its
gyratory motion, assumed perpendicular position
and came down head first. It struck tbeearth
some distance from us, and then rebounded, fal
ling again within a few feet where It struck.
There was an indentation not less than eight or
ten indies deep, and filled with blood and brains
which had burst from the scuIL The concussion
was heard by residents of FaolL half a mile dis
tant.
The professor's hat fell shortly after he reached
the ground, it having fell off a few seconds before
he started, he having passeil it about midway
down.
The balloon rose to an immense height, and
landed some three miles from the sceno of the
disaster.
The dead man waa taken np and carried to the
Albert House, where the poor wife, who had often
safely traversed the air with him, cared for it-
1 1 m.
Persistent Blackguardism. Secretary Rob
eson has at last pnt his foot down on the worse
than absnrd usage of "hazing" that has so long
been permitted to obtain at the Naval Academy,
as at other public institutions. He has very prop
erly dismissed five of the "young gentlemen" for
what he most emphatically and accurately defines
as the "persistent blackguardism" that has always,
hitherto, been tolerated at Annapolis and West
Point.
The Secretary of the Navy, in dismissing the
"young gentlemen" every lad in the military
school is a "young gentleman," be he never so
mnch of a cab says very plainly and forcibly,
"while mere youthful vivacity and mischief may
be overlooked, penUtent ttackguariUtm is inconsis
tent with tbe character of an officer and a centle
man, and will not be tolerated."
TimrGAxrjias.
t7 A Virginia church ban in ITS has Jnrt been erase
eratid.
t? Another poor dri has died in Tlihus from the use
ofTbara, at the ago of 100. She waa an orphan.
fSf An exchange aaya: If It bo true that Henry J.Bay
mond la rdltine a paper In sn other worliU it Is a very
trim; argument in favor of a place of eternal torment.
7 A Virginia paper speak of the dlncoTery of a loja
bao"muie. n?A Detroit saloon has a cartoon p reaenUnff Waah
ington in the set of drinUna; a xiaaa of lagvr.
E" The Elmira Goafftr murks: hs chaaipion aar
duni eater of the worU ia the local J the Anbnra Dafl v AS
ttrtuer. He aaya We pay nearly Hoea,K annually to
France for aardlnem.'"
Cp-A"dty" out h Sends, called Bob-Tailed Gulch,
has aerrn dwelling houses and thirty -aer en aaloona. There
la talk of tearing down some of the hooaca to make more
room.
r?" A ZanesTille man. 87 years old. waa horn when hia
father was 78. and bawanta t knawlf there ia another
man living whose father waa born 16S yrara ago.
P An Hlinoiaaa recently kiased tbe hired cirl while
hia wife waa looking. Ho win be oat again by Thankagir
ing. Cp Every insurance agent in the State ia now engaged
in proTing" that each company ia all right. They hare their
hands full.
17 A far-west paper reports that there an twenty
eight grave stones in the Laramie cemetery, and that on
ten of them ia simply "killed."
5- The sharper say that Caere are too many newspa
pers now 'eren the countrymen are getting aharp.'
The Worcester Gaztttt aaya that Butler'a platform
iatbua summed up: "Xo labor between meals; prohibi
tion between drinks."
VW T illustrate the correctness of his opinion In s dis
pute, Texan thrust his pistol down a Kansan s throat and
threatened to fire. Tbe Kausaa man admitted the truth of
the Texan's statement immediately.
Bjp In s case underfhe liquor law, at Lyndon. Vermont,
a witness caused an unpleasantness in the court room by
testifying that he drank with two men one of the lawyers
employed In the case and tbe justice who was hearing it.
r& The Democracy are calling to their aid the Tirtnee
of resignation. The St. Louis Ttvut says that tbe results
In Maine afid California do not dishearten them, fur they
"frel that their cause, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, u
going br the board." Tbia Illustrates the darkey's philoso
phy, RlesasT am dey what don't expect nothing, for dey
ain't g'wine tu be disappinted."
Pp A law haa Just hren passed by the Ohio Legislature
which requires railroads to construct platforma or aprona
between passenger cars upon their line with aideboartla or
network of wire or strap-Iron at each aide of said bridges,
of at least equal height with the ordinary railings npon car
platforma.
JT Three candidates for tbe Presidenev are already in
the Held Hun. Victoria Clatlin Woodhull. the Hon. George
Francis Train, and tbe Hou. Ulysses Simpson Grant.
There is no doubt some Yirtue among these candidates, but
It fa not for us to speculate aa to which of them it ia that
owns 1L Courier-Jur.
XP& The aplrita which haunt houses come, sometimes, to
materia grief. So it waa at Peoria, where an edifice was
ereatlr disturbed brachost: but the inmates, instead of
.sending for a parson to lay the apparation, watched and
waked until they guts chance to pnt half a pint of bird
shot into the spectre, when it turned out that the mrateri
ous visitor was named McOraw. and, though not so lovely
aa the ghust in Byron's Don Juan, was, like Lady FiU
1-lnke, of solid flesh and bone. There would not lie so
many of these goblina, if the bird-shot remedy were oftener
resorted to.
K1F A lonely pioneer writes as follows from La Coma.
Wjoming: "I sincerely wish that many hundreds of old
maids and widows, who cannot get hnbnnds at home,
would come out here, where thry could get choice, good,
honest, hard-working men, who ronld make them comfort
able and independent. There are, I reallr think. Ave men
here for one woman. In fact everr man of them have been
compelled to live with native Indian women, who, to my
eyes, are prrfrct frights, and worse in their eouduct than
appearance, although that is bad enough."
Up In the estate of a lady of Wilmington, recently de
ceased. Dure is a silver puuehtrainer, which is referred
to as follows in the lady's will: "A silver punch-strainer,
lielonHns to mv maternal crandfather. James Parker. It
history is bri flythls Dr. It. Frankliu and lur said grand
father were pnuter boys In Doston. and saved s silver dol
lar from their first earnings, by si iling newspapers In that
city. They hail these dollars made into punch-strainers,
anil exchaugeil with each other, so that this strainer is
made out of the dollareamed by Dr. Franklin. This Is be
queathed to the Smithsouian Institute."
,r5y The secretary of a Maannlcjjslge iu Rockingham,
Virginia, was recently ordered to prtitTnce in court, the
book in which the minutes of the Imlgc were kept, llere
fiiMed. anil was threatened with imprinonment for contempt.
The judge sisike in strong terms of the evil of socii ties
passing resolutions and orders that are liable to come in
coudu t with the law of the land, and expressed his Inten
tion oi enforcing the laws against such pns:eedings. Final
ly, after a long and heated argument between the attor
neys, they agreed to accept an attnteil copy of the min
utes, and the secretary was rtleaX
ty A gentleman in Iowa who recently became the fa
therof a fine boy, and who naturally deemed it the hand
somest child ever bom, thonsht he saw a chance to gain a
reputation fr Iitirrality witbisit the expenditure of anv
money. Si he offered .1 premium of 100 for the prettiest
baby that should be exhibited at an approaching fair n-'t
doubting that tbe judges must award the prize tu his own.
There were nine entries, comprising seven whites and two
negroes, and one of the negro babies gained tbe premium.
.ty There is evidently a coolness between the rival
cities of Csiro and I'ailucah. The fain, JfriCrfinsavs: "A
Padueah man a very libera Padueah man contributed a
ten cent fractional note to the Chicago aid fnmL He will
probably boast of tbe mnniticent funiL He will hate giant
reason to do so, since he has contributed at least ten cents
more than any other Paducahai'."
y The town of Greeley, out In Colorado, is the purest
town in America- The lni don't ilrinlr imfll.n.nM..
the women don't scold, the babies don't cry, and the mules
don't kick. Iiut a andden grief has fallen on the place.
The citizens are horror.stricken ti. discover that thebova
have learned to steal watermelons. They think of chang
ing the name of the town Chita jn 1'txU
ft? Of all the Chinese pnzzlesthat have ever been In
vented those where you commence at a given point, fol
low the lines, and never find out again commend us t.i the
maps of the bnmed districts of Chicago which have been
published In tbe various newspapers thronghont the coun
try. They will be invaluable for keeping children out of
mischief, and will even amnse adults in these trying times
when everything tlse fails. Viicago Ti.
CJ? The Xorth Carolina Supreme Court has decided that
for a lawyer to call witness a Tennsj 1 akia Yankee" is
"gross abuse."
Philanelldlia haa discovered ftnlnhnrt et,l in O
whisky, and It in mildly surgested that such liquor may
"prove injuriojs to the public health."
jy An Elmirs man la happy now. He did not love his
wife, and she sweetened hercotfee with laudamum. Tbe
man secured the pnsedsof au insurance policy, and then
recovered heavy damages from the druggist who sold the
poison.
CT K,e Spencer, a pretty girl of Spencer County, Ky
lived lathe family or Mr. Sharp, whose wife died one day,
with a bad taste in her mouth. Kate married Mr. Sharp,
he bequeathed her his property, and then he. too, died with
a bad taste in his month. She then married Mr. Batchelor.
but the will of tbe late Sharp being declared nun, poverty
came npon them, and Mr. Batcbrlor died with a bad taate
in hia mouth. This waa in auch had taste clear through,
that the authorities got to be a little particular about her,
and put her in Jail.
Cy A Galena newspaper denies that Miss Xellle Grant
unengaged to s yonng gentleman of Covington. This is a
matter with which tbe newsapers have no right to med
dle, but we may be permitted to remark, in conclusion, that
if we were the daughter of the President of the United
States which we are not anil never expect to be we wonld
never think or marrying yonng man in a Kentucky town
smaller than Louisville aVouisri Couritr.
ty The St. Albans (VL) Xeutngtr alings or this par
agraph: "We know that autumn is herefrom the fact
that the awallow syndicates discuss the question when to
uuuiewani uy, anu me yenow pumpkins now dot the rural
landscape like golden nutmegs on the sands of Ophtr."
tyThe Grand Itaplds (Michigan) Eaah saya: "The
mother of J. C. Ilrewater. Snrvevor and Enrfne of (h n
K. ami S. Kallroad, a lady abont seventy-tivo Tears old, who
has been afflicted with s cancer for amne time, and who
waa
s pronounced by the physicians of the city to be inenra
i has lately lieen using cundnrango. and Is said to be Im-
ble.
provins in health very fast The cancer is healing, her
atrrnsth is returning, and the prospect ia that abe will ulti
mately recover entirely."
VW Workmen are now cngazrd at Constantinople la ex.
cavatlng the gronnda of the old seraglio In that city, and
certain discoveries have been made which are watched
with great interest by Byzantine archxologists and anti
quarians. The purpose of these excavations is to make
room for the Boumelian railway. Thev have struck npon
the rains of some old buildings, whlcfi are believed to be
the remains of the monastery of the Pangio Odrgatriaand
of the church of Saints Peter and Panl structures of tbe
ancient days of the Western Chnrch of Byzantium.
tV atr. Pen-Ueten having said, ia one of hia sophomor
ie speeches, that it waa an appalling fact that there wasn't
money enongh in the eonniry by ft 30,000000 to pay the tax
es ot the nation and States, if the people were required to
pay them all in one day. Senator Morton replies aa follows
In bis Cincinnati speech "WeD. now, that is a tremen
dous thought: and it is also an appalling fact that if the
people were required to eat In one day all they now eat In
the course of a year, they would inevitably burst."
Ft? A Boston mother-in-law who spitefully persisted in
living to the age of 1W waa turned out of doors by her
long-suffering daughter's huaband.
ty Having exhausted the "oldest Mason" business, the
papers have be n on the eldest Methodist. At present
she la "Mother Wlnalow," of Canton, Me, aged I OS years.
fjy The La Crosse, fWIs.) Dmmt reports "the water
so low In the channel of tbe Mississippi river that steam
boats have to keep np a continual whistling In order to
drive the cowa ont of the channeL Many captains are
having cow-catebers pat ua their boats."
fy The rnlrersaliata have been telling its that there
waa no belli and now here comes the spiritualists to over
turn that blessed hone by the revelation that poor Henry
1. Raymond Is still editing a dally newspaper.
fy The Robeson (S. C) Betaonia states, on reliable
authority; "that colored hey, while dlgcing the founda
tion for a atorebuoae on the site of an old building thst
stood, upwards of a century ago, about three hundred
yards from the gronnda npon whica the railroad, depot at
Shoe Hill now stands.
on lauraaay last. mm a oox. 10x6x3
feet square, full of English
oTrrrignsL lie has since left
lur parxa un Known.
Judge, Watta. of Xorth Carolina, Is a model Jndge,
A colored boy waaa abort time since convicted at theGran
Tille Superior Court of taring roasted a, negro baby all re,
whereupon the alsire named magistrate, aa punishment for
this atrodoua crime, and warninr to all erlMninded color
ed youths, ordered him to be- bound oat to learn a trade.
7 The Karannah Srjmllican aaya that accepting the
amendments to the constitutinn, killed the democracy of
California. Shouldn't wonder.- Tbe doing of a good deed
is aa fatal to the democracy aalaa touch of holy water to
the greatest democrat cf them all.
C9 A man recently died in Indiana from s wound re
eeiredat the battle of Qneenstown, Canada. In 181 J. The,
anrgson told hha at tbe time It waa n latal wonad. but the.
man wouldn't credit It and conUumsl to linger through If-ty-nlne
m-ire yeara, doing nothing bnt eating and working;
and carrying that wound with him all the time. Bat hia
recent death shows tbe surgeon was right.
ra Tho WlbnlngUin fX. C) Jtmrxal complains of the
burdens of taxation thus "Wa cannot boy n box of loci
feT matches without breaking n slamnon It. We. cannot
bay a quarter of n pound of smoking tobacco without tear,
ingthrooghn lot of stamp. We cannot bora book, ta read
without r-ying double thoold prior. We cannot boy
shirt without paying nfty percent, ad nee on the price
before the war. Wo cannot draw a deed or a bond or
check or write nwiU without plastering it all crrrr with
stamps." Does our eotemporary forget who and -rnhnt
made these taxes necessary I The men who started the re
beHion and entailed npm he country all these extraordina
ry burdens should be tbe last to lisp n word at complaint.
rsr- Iowa did all it e M to get rid of John Smith, har.
ingsent nlMty-eToftilmlthe to cruel war." Bnt
be must hare returned safely, for we bare noticed hia
death in aereral States recently.
fT Franklin, Ky- boast of baring a lawyer that stud,
Ic4UwnlldcrJonaKalldolph.erEo)kc.,
w nnn TVtrnwH or KANSAS. The Grand
Lodge of Kansas subscribed liberally towards the
relief of their saflVring brethren in Chicago, and
the followins: letter o? thanks in return, shows
howlhe kindness has been appreciated:
"Chicago, Oct. 26. 1871.
SanCl F.Bnrdett, B. IK G,&, Grand Lodge of
dSTuSik, asd Br.oTiini!:-ronresteeniclfavor
of tho 20th inst. has been received with the en
closure of 1300,00. God bless you, dear brothers.
U cheers oVhearts to know that the fire fiend
which has desolated so many families of onr broth
ers, aud laid waste our Temples, has failed to reach
t& principles of our Order, F. L. and T, and by
the aid of our brothers, we shall nse, phosmi-like
from the ashes. But words fail to express the
feelings of onr hearts.
In tie presence of the terrible calamity which
has overwhelmed us, we have no time for formal
thanks, but a whole lifetime for grateful recoUec
tionsTMay the blessings of those who were ready
to perish bnt for your divine chanty, rest npon
yon aud those you represent, as a heaveuly ben
edictiou.
The magnificent beneficence of onr Order
throughout the country is making the symbol
"L, O. O. F." a thouand-fold more significant and
glorious than ever before.
All donations committed to us will be regarded
as a sacred trust, and systematically and judicious
ly expended to the relief 1 four suffering brothers
and their families.
Gratefully and fraternally yours,
K. B. SllEIUaAX,
Secretary Kclief Committee I. O. O. F.
J. Ward Elus, Chairman.
Jso. G. Kogers, Treasurer.
The Subordinate Lodges thronghont the State,
we learn, arealso giving generously of their means
for this purpose. All honor to this large-hearted
fraternity iu Kansas.
A Trmlte. One fact will stand out clear to
the reader of history ages hence, when all of us
are off the stage and sleeping the dreamless sleep
under the daisies: The fact abont the Republi
can party of its generosity of its magnanimi
ty; of its calm aud moderate action in the time
of its greatest trinmph. When flushed with vic
tory its assailants subdued it stood before the
country and the world the successful and gentle
champion of right over wrong. Had it not been
a party of humanity, a party of moral ii!eas, with
vengeance! in its hands, how might it not have re
paid f Thank heaven it took no vengeance! It
shed no blood! It restricted not even the liber
ties of its bitterest enemies! It was supremely
generous as of right! That is its hermitage; it
never did a crnel act! Nor will it begin to per
petuate one now, to clond or dim its glorious his
tory
Texas Cattlk Fever. The Holden, SIo., En
terprue says that thW terrible scourge i-s raging
among the cattle along Brash Creek, on the line
lietween Johnson and Henry Counties. Alsitit
two mouths ago a drove of Texas cattle was driv
en through that section, and tarried a considera
ble length of time in Boganl township, Henry
Connty. The drover had violated the law by
coming into the State with his herd after the time
prescribed in the statute, and its terrible conse
quences nro now seen and felt by the fanners in
that section through the loss of a great number of
their rattle by the Texas fever.
A XXO UXCEXEXT8.
Fee, 9s, im Advance.
Sheriff.
LEWIS MEKRITT wfll be a candidate for Sheriff ft
Doniphan County, at the coming election.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
Be C.n.drd fcy What Yu Know.
There U an M pruverb whiclj fta.vit, "Et-riViictT tu the
fiafrxt ffnitle." To thfo pride the Met ami lulinz njtnrxlly
tnrn, whtn ranting altnut f.ir tbe meaiM uf i-tlief, Tlirv In
quire what a medicine baa 1ine ft r it fern, 1 fun-1 h-y alot
it thrmiwlrea. Of all the remeilieii ami pirn nth r In use,.
Hnstetter'n Stomach Bitter meet the tent m-t triumph
antly, ami hence Ita immense imirnbrit) ami vat Male. The
unflVrrr frm im!Eeitin 1m nr ta flmt wnie nr anion
frieu' who Ins been cnrel cf that1 ailment by the famonn
.TepetaUe Ktmnschie. Tbe victim of fever ami ajne. liver
complaint, cntipntion, nervnus pnmtnitIQ. or general de
bility, hsm unlj to make imjulry in the neishborrNMl where
be refriile. in order to ilitciver whit thin atandanl rutora
tive has effected In carn similar t hi own. In the pub
lished testimony tu It merits he will find a volume of proofs
of its sanitary properties, which it is impossible fur hb com
mon sen to resiit. He trim It. and the effect It produces
on his system adds another tu the boot of witDcitaesin Its
favor. Thus, Its reputation, founded on farts, not asser
tions, continually grows and spreads. Charlatans and
pontor. some of them men; local tricksters, and titers who
take n somewhat wider ranpc, attempt to thntft Into the
hands and down tbe throat of Invalids, their hap-hazard
eoncortlons, jm sultitntt-a fur the tonic which for so many
years has been a medicinal staple thron-hrat the United
States, Spanish America, Canada, ami the West Indits, hat
only succeed to a very limited extent. In this reasoning
ape, the people, having ascertained what W really deserving
of their confidence, decline "running after strange god.
GETTING 31ABRIRD.
EssATft for Torcn Met, on great SOCIAL KVILSand
ABUSES, which Interfere with 31ABRIAGE with sure
means of relief for tbe Erring and Unfortunate, deseased
and debilitated. Sent free, in sealed envelopes. Address,
HOWARD ASSOCIATION, Xo. 2, S. Xteth St- Philadel
phia, Ta. mchZ3y 1.
STEEL RAIL! DOUBLE TRACK!
E &0I L L
The Great Short Line from Cincinnati orCoMns
t
Sarins 8T to 110 mica, and arriring Oxe Tiurx In
AUTjutrs at
Iew York.
Knrlng 39 allies, and arriring C IIolss in Advaxck at
Baltimore.
Marina; 77 Silica, and arriring PJ Iloccs iq AuvANcxat
Washington.
Reaching
Philadelphia
Oxs Tuux the Quickest.
THE GREAT IH0"eILWAY BRIDGES!
Otct tbe Ohio Hirer at Parkers hara; aad
Bellalre, are t'oaspleled.
liORTXO AXD XIGHT LIXE8 OF
Pnllman's Palace DrawMooi&SIeeping Cars
Are ran on this Route from Cincinnati or Columbus to
Baltimore and Washington City,
WITHOUT CHANGE.
By this Eoute you avoid ALL OMX1ECS TEAN'SFEBS
ami r r-inn i.
Tickets for sals at all Ticket Offices South and West.
L. M. COLE. J. L. WILSON.
Gent Ticket Agent. Master Transport'!.
Baltimore, ILL Baltimore, lid.
RIBNRV n. je.tBI, Gcnl Pass. Ag't, Cincinnati, a
ov?l.
THE f4th VOTJ3rE!
THE ILLUSTRATED
PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL,
A FIRST-CLASS
FAMILY MAGAZINE.
Phi aatocT. The Brain and it Functions; Location
of the Organ, with direction for culture and training, and
the relation of Hind and Body described.
PhTloa,aoo, or the "Signs or Character, with Ulue
tratkns. and how to Bead them," is a special feature.
Blaaolaajy, or Tae Aofarot ltutury ofilan. Illustrated,
will be given.
Physiology aad aatoaay. The Organization,
structure and functions of the human body; with the laws
of life and health- What we should eat and drink, how
clothe, and how to exercise, sleep and live, in accordance
with hygienic principle.
Portrait, sketches and biographies of leading mra and
women In all department of life, are special feature.
JPareat, Teacher, aad ether-As a guide in
educating and training Cnildren, thia magazine ha no su
perior. Mnch general Information on the leading topics ef the day
1 given, and no efforts are spared to make this the most in
teresting and Instructive as well a the Best Pictorial Fam
ily Magazine ever published.
ttblihe The Jot mil baa reached its 34th Vol
ume. It has steadilr tnereaaed In favor daring the many
yeara it haa been published, and waa never more nopnlar
an now.
i Menthly.atpayear. ad ranee. Single num
bera, 30 cent. Clubs of ten or more, t2 ear h, and an extra
eoier toAgent.
We are offering the most liberal Prrminma- Inclose IS
cents tor sample number, with new Pictorial Poster and
Prospeetaa, and s complete List of Premlna.
Address K. WELIA Pnbllsher.
388 Broadway, Xew York.
"EaXB lot of Men's aad Boys' Hats and Can at
C W. X
NOYESV
eepw.
aUKEXSWAKK AND GLASSWAXE low, br
C. W. XOYES.
sepSB.
PRODUCE of all kinds wanted in exchange fur Good,
br c. W. XOYES,
setaBL
XiUXE CLOTHS AXD CA SKIM CRT'S, la great variety.
C. W. N0Yr.
StpSBL
$20,000,00
IN -RaEJMXtTMJsJ
THE CINCIWYATI
GAZETTE
Daily, Semi-Weekly and Weekly.
THE WEEKLY GAZETTE
1$ a thirty-tiz column paper, and contains thirty.r0,
columns of trading mattrr. J
rr IS PETOTED TO
Hews, Literature, Politics, s.
ricHltHre and Commerce,
a-XD srsTATxs
THE f MAPLES OP THE BEPDBUCAN PABTT.
AS AN AOaU CTXLTUBAIi PAPER
TIIE WEEKLY GAZETTE baa no superior ia Am
ra. Many thousand Farmers and UonsekeeiTe!r
rribatrd to this aepartmrnt during the pset year, an.1 ft
columns hare become an established exilianse fur u
and practical Information. r
Ternes of the Weekly Gazette far JSJl-jj.
Single copy, 1 yr. 2 00 I Fifty copies, each. ii',
Fire copies, each, 1 73 I Serenty-nre copies, l r
Ten 1 TO One hundred 5
Twenty copies, 1 60 1 Two hundred if
Thirty 130 I ,JJ
Preaalama ta tae ffrtler ap of Clubs.
For a club of FIVE, a Xo. 5 Gold Pen. with silrrr ntm.
aion holder and pencil, warranted retail price, rl 73.
For n clab of TEX. one doxen fine heavy silver plaVd
Teaspoons, warranted; rrtail price, $4 00.
For club of TWENTY, one set fine Ivory.ttan.Enl
Knives and silver-plated Forka, warranted; retail tn-
te 25.
For a club of THIRTY, one set of extra heavy silver pb,
ted. solid steel Table Knives, handles axsl blades one pier,
and do. Forka, warranted retail price. 912 00.
For a club of FIFTY, a twrronnee silver Hunting (v
Watch, 7JeweIs, lever movement, warranted; retail tine,.
$30 00.
For a club of SEVEXTT-FIYE. a two-and-a hajfoonce
silver llunting-Case Watch, full plate, lever mmeme&t."
jewels, warranted price. HO 00. VV
cor riuu oi u.c jiunnsu, mrcemnre surer
Hunting Case Watch, full plate, lever movement, 7 jewHa
price, t9D 00.
For a clnbof TWO HUNDRED, s gold Hunting Cae
Watch, full platr, lever movement, exposed pallet jewel.
warranted; price, (ISO 00. Lady's watch of same vikw
where preferred.
Prraniam ta Saascriacraim Clnaa.
We will send the Weekly Gazette, one year, and a Hull
Pen. with silver extension Holder, to every club sntwenb.
er, who desires it, at the following rates
No. 6 Pen Xo. S Tea
worth (3 20. worth f2 Ti
In Clubs of 5 ......13 15 3 (n
10 3 10 ss
20 3 05 J Q
30 3 00
50 3 95
75 2 90
2 IS
2 HI
lOOandorer- .....2 85 a to
It is optional with club subscribers to take tho paper with
or without the pen.
Prrmlnm ta Mingle thsaacriaers.
For t3 25 we will send the Weekly Gsiette one rear and
a No. C Gold Ten, with solid silver holder and peunl.the
rrtail price of which is 3 50. or a Xo. 5 do. for (3 00 rrtail
price of which is (2 75.
How P siianea are Far anted.
Tens will be sent by mail, postage free. All other pre.
niinms will be forwarded by express, carefully parlru,
and prepaid, to tbe nearest expresa office, aa may be dirert
ed, or will be held nntil called for.
A Ceaernl Presniam.
For the Isrgest rlnh. sent to one post office, a aplenejj
GoldHnnting Case Watch, stem winder, full plate, levn
movement. 15 jewels, wsrrsntrd price tarax Persons com.
Iieting for this prize, who fail will lie entitled to the premi
ums given to other rlnlie. This offer will remain oien un
til the first of February, 1272, on which ilav the awards will
be made.
Jleaey Refaaded.
Any rlnb asrnt not satisfied with the article received a.
a premium, may, after examining it, return it at our ex
leiie. and all money remitted for enherriptiona will be re.
turned, and the sulmcriptions caneelleiL Our offers sre sll
made in good faith. It Is no chance scheme. The prrmi.
rnis are useful, and worth tbe prices attached to each.
THE SHI-'WE x" GAZETTE.
Single rony f m
Fhreipirs. each 3D
Ten c-.pi.-s. 3j
Twenty ci.pii-s and over, each. 3 Wl
l'rriiiiums la the getter ap of Clabs.
For 5 we will send a Xo, 6 Gold Pen. with silver holder
and pencil, worth i3 50, and tbe Semi-Weekly Gazette for
one 3 ear.
For a club of live, one dozen silver plated Tranpoona re
tail price. Mm.
For a club of ten. one dozen extra rrian silver-plated
TessiMM.ns. wsrranted; relsil price, W u
For a club of tsenty, one set tine ivorv-hsmlled Knives
and silver-pbiteil Forkis warranted ri tail price, fa 23,
For at lub of thirty. a two-ounce nlher Hunting Csse
AVatch, wsrrsnteil; retail price, $30 00,
Premiana la Mabawribem In flub.
We will send the Semi-Weekly Gazette, one year, sud a
Gold Pen. with silver extension'Uolder. to every club sub
scriber, who desires it, at the following rate:
Xo. b IVn Xo. 5 IVu
wrrth (3 50 worth fc 75
In Clubs of 3 H 95 ft e5
10 4 70 4 1".
20 and over 4 50 4 3U
THE DATLY GAZETTE
la sent by mail at 111 per anrinm, or furnished by agents
snd carriers at 25 ceuts per week.
All remittances should be made br express or in money
orders, and when so forwarded will Is at our risk.
Give full adilrvM, poet office, Connty and State, also near
est express office. In order that there may be no mistake in
forwarding paper and premlnms.
Snlsicnlicrs can have their address changed from on
post office to another by remitting 25c. to pay the expen
of making chance.
Specimen copies of Datlr. Weekly or Semi. Weekly will
be sent free, npon aiMdiratlnn,
Address, CIITCI.t.tATI OAZETTK CO.
PETERSON'S MAGAZINE.
CHEAPEST ABD BEST OF AIL!
Splendid Offen for 1872.
This popular Monthly 3f asazine gives more for the mon
ey than any in the world. It ha the best colored fashions,
the liest original stories, and the best rncrsvinn of anv
lady's lmolc Great and costly Improvements will bo 1
in iciz, sura 11 will contain
OXE TnotTSAXD PAGES!
FOtJRTEEX SPLENDID STEEL PLATES!
TWELVE COLORED BERLIN PATTERNS!
TWELVE MAMMOTH COLORED FASHIONS
OXE THOUSAND WOODCUTS!
T WENTY-FOUR PAGES OF MFSIC
AH this will tie given for only Two Dollars a year, or
loUar less than Magazine of the class of "Peterson." Iu
TFRTT.T.TTrg TALES ABU If 0VE1ETTES
Are tbe best published anywhere. All the most popular
writera are employed to w nte originally for Peterson. In
Ie72. in addition to Its nsnsl quantity 01 abort atorienfire
original copyright Novrlette will be Eiven. vis I Boasht
With a Price, by Ann S. Stephens; Tbe Island of Dia
monds, by Hsrry Danfortb; Once Too Often, by Frank
Lee Itennllct Lindasv's Luck, by Miss F. lloitgaou; and
A Wife, Yet Not a Wife, by the anther of "The Second
Life,"
L0TH COLORED FASHIOaf PLATES
AJiead of all others. These plates are engraved on steel,
twice tho usual size, and contain six figures. They will bn
superbly colored. Also, several pages of Household and
other receipts in abort, everything interesting to ladiea.
TERMS Alway la Advaaeei
One copy for one year ...12 00
Five copies, for one year 8 00
Eight copies, for one year 12 00
SUTERB PREMIUM EXGRAYIXG 1
Etery person getting up a dub of five at II 60 each, or
eight at ft SO each, will be entitled to an extra copy of the
Magazine for le72, and also to a copy of the anperb parlor
mezzotint (size 25 Inches by in, "Five Time One To-Day,'
whirh. at a store, would cost four dollar.
Vjr Specimen sent, gratia, to those wishing to get np
Ciubs. Address,
CHAM. JT. PKTKKHe.T.
Xo. 306 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia. Pa.
Election Notice.
Xotice ia hereby giren to tbe qualified electors of Donl
nhan Connty, State of Kansas, that a General Election will
be held In conformity with law, on the
7la day af fvehrr, A. a., 1S71,
at the several place of holding elections In said Connty. st
which time, the following County officers are te be cbosen.
to wit: One Sheriff, esaeCororicr.threeCoantyConuniasion
ers one County Clerk, one County Treasurer, one Register
of Deeda, one County Surveyor, three Members of the House
of Representatives of the Legialatnre, and one Rallrond As
sessor. The afore-mentioned Connty Cancmisafesers and
Members of tbe Legislature are apportioned as follows
The Township of Iowa and Wolf River shall const! tnte the
1st District the Township of Centre and Warne, shall con
stitute the Snd District, and the Townships of Washington.
Marlon and Burr Oak. shall constitute tbe 3d District snd
no elector shall vote fur anv County Commissioner or Rep
resentative other than the Commissioner or Repreeen tali re
District ia which such elector shall reside.
Given under my had, at ofike la Troy, thia fth dar of Oc
tober, A, D, 1871. B. S. CAMPBELI.
Sheriff of Doniphan County.
Attachment lYetice.
Before H- X. Seaver, Justice of the Peace, In and for Iowa
Township, Doniphan County. tr
Alexander IL Bayless
And Edward 8. Irvin, lr Intifi.
va. f
James Gamble, J Defendant.
ON the day of September. A D. 1871. said Justice
Issue.! aa order of attachment in the above entitled ae
tioo, for t he sum of eighty-two dollars ami forty-oerrn cent.
(182.47.) Said cans will be heard before said Justice, at 10
o'clock, A M, on the 10th day of Xevember, A. D. 1871. at
Highland, Kansas.
Aa.rhAtd.auE.K 11. nAxijsia,
EDWARD S. LRVIN.
October at, lTl-3w.
-Pr'afee.tS.
Attachment lYetice.
Before H. X. Seaver. Justice ef the Peace, in and for Iowa
Townhlp, Doniphan Connty; tr- t
William Panlon, Plaintiff.
tu. J.
Jamea Gamble, J Defendant.
OX the 23th day of September. A D. 1871, said Justice
issued an order of attachment in the above entitled ae,
tion.forthesumof twraty-two dollar. (2l) Said cause
win be beard before said Justice, at 11 o'clock. A. M, on tho
Mth day of November, A D. ISTLat Highland. Kansas.
WILLIAM PARDON.
OetoUraa, gtHw. pr'a fee. tS.
Brick.
WE are now prepared to fill all orders for Brick, of
Jrtdeh we kiTeegoedqlltyaa were ever bnrned
1; the State, aad weeB then two dollars snd a half per
thnauml lower than last ysara price. Call at our old
Yard, lower part of town, near theuTroA.
WILLIAMS A WHITHAM,
"SfWll
amt
ui
m

s

1

iSS-
1 -i
i
mi
:ss"
1 7

m
51

1
1.
4
i
C'i
a.- J r- i JT i-