REPOSTS FROM THE COURTS.
Location of the Several Courts of
Cook Countv.
Yesterday’s Business—Documents
Received,
Directory.
LOCATION OF COURTS AND CLERKS.
The several courts of Cook County have lo
cated themselves in the High School buildings,
occupying tbo main building and the frame
house known ns the East High School building.
The disposition of tbc several rooms is shown by
the following directory:
MAIN BUILDING.
Room 1. Circuit Court: Coratr.on Lair.
T. Clerk of Criminal Court. 8. State's
Attorney’s office. 9. Jury r-om:
10, Criminal Court room; 11, Superior Court
room; 12. Superior Court room; 13. Coroner's
office and County Physician: 11. Clerk Superior
Court: 15 County Treasurer’s office; IC. Record
er’s office. 17. County Clerk; IS. County Court.
EAST BUILDING.
Circuit Court Clerk. Chancery rooms and Mas- i
tors in Chancery.’ Judge Jameson, the Chief!
Justice nod Chancellor of the Superior Court,
sits in tho public school building adjacent to the
JlighSch- ol premises.
Circuit Court.
NEW SUIT-
Jeremiah Clowry vs. Joseph and Caroline
Lab*. appeal from DeWolf.
—An action ol trespass for an assault was com
mcncid by Cordelia Hall against William 11.
Hayes and W. Ross, in which the damages are
laid ui 52.U00- A capias was sued out.
SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE.
A bill was filed by George P. Rose, and an In
junction sued out against L. R. More. The ob
ject of this bill -is to compel the specific per
formance of an alleged contract for the sale
and purchase of the premises No. 250
Park avenue,between HoyneandL*aviU streets.
The complainant states that on tie 21st of Sep
tember Inst be contracted to buy and defendant
agreed to sell the premises lor £4,350. Early dur
ing the present month, on the 2d. he avers -this
contract was changed so that he should, upon
certain improvements being made, pay $3,100. Ho
charges that since tbc fire the dcfendaut dcclincs
to czecato his contract, nnd injunction issued to
restrain defendant from leasing or conveying
oiQerwiiC then to complainant.
Superior Court.
ATTACHMENT.
A suit was commenced by-oUachmeiit against
John A. SiUeheiber, alleged to be anon res!-
by Revert C. Gunauisin, clsAcs on
indebtedness due.to him of $1,853. This is the
renewal of a suit, bronsbt some time since,
which was dismissed.
County Court.
ucckshs.
The attention of the Cu-rk or tho county, nod
bis deputies, is mainly devoted t> the issuing of
in:irr 4 rxc licenses. S:oce tho record was closed
by the Crc, there Save been issued seventy liceo
snß. Oa the 21th, 2: on the 12th. 7; on tbo
lS;h, S; ouih'ilSih, 17: on the 16:h, 21; and
on yesterday H.
Recorder's Office,
THE BUSINESS.
The business of receiving documents for re
cord CJinmoncch on Monday. Tuere ::nv ...i.-u
twenty-three instruments file 1 iu.se. five
have reference iw subsequent
t.» the lire.
Tlk-- t* I >u< recorded include: Trust
-I cuattul mortgages. 7; mortgages, 4:
•mu claims’, 3; warrauteo deeds, 3; release
deed. 1.
Tho conveyances made since the fire, recorded,
are us fallows:
John E. Dean to Jared W. Deans, warrantee
died lor 2 lots, with an cist front on Wabash
avenue, of fitly feet, in Block S. Wentworth s
Subdivision; also oil feet iu Block 2 Pryor A
others'subdivision: and ou interest iu a con
trail *»f purchase and sale of 100 feet front oa
Michigan avenue, in Block 5, of tac> same sub
division. _
Jtihn P. Downer to Wilhelmtaa D-iwocr.
warrantee deed of October 12, ol sub-lot 9. Lot
2. Dlock 33, C.inal Trustee*’ Subdivision of Lot
4, of Lot 2, Diock 38, Cuual Xrusicr-a’ Subdivis
ion, in the west halt soutaeas: quarter, .Section
21,1ff,14. tN.--125 Canalport avenue).
THE IXSIiBAXCI! EXHIBIT.
The latest accounts of the insurance losses iu
the fire if Chicago make the following exhibit,
watch wc have compiled for the benefit of those
interested:
NEW YOltK COMPANIES.
(rrost Asset*,
\,tytc Jan. 1.1871. Lasse*.
Afina'. City $442,709 SAJO.WK)
Adriatic, City 5.0G3
Agricultural, Watertown.... 559,843
Albany, Albany -*GL97B
Albany city. Albany 390.016 Suspended
American, I*., City 741,405 15,00J
American Exchange, City... 277.3:0 16.000
Aster, City 405.571 5-90.090
Atlantic. City 556.179 259.090
Beckman, Ci;y 261,851 Suipei-ded
Buffalo City. Bulla; 370,954 500,000
Buffalo Fire and Mcrtnc,
Buffalo 473,577 500.000
Buffalo German, Bull'a.o..— 279.481 5,000
Capital City, Albany 293,766
Citizens. P., Cuy 634.793 25,000
Cliuion. C'ty 392.704 3,000
Columbia, City 451,322 3,000
Commerce, Albany 692,877 10.000
Commerce d ir*-, City 249.372 IS.Ob'O
Commercial,-City 396,092 5,010
Continental, P..Ouy 2,533.033 800.000
Excelsior, City 335.744 Suspended
Exchange, City 3 89,959
Firemen's, Oiiy—2 360.961 IS.OiO
Firemen's Fund. Cuy 173,477 100.00J
Fireman's Trust, City 226,269 20,000
Fulton, City 363,002 Ad 700,000
Germania, City 1.077,849 235.000
Glen's Falls, UUn's Fulli... 571,123 10.000
Guardian, City 279,683 40,000
Hanover. P.. City 700,335 225.000
Hoffman, City 235,242 *IO,OOO
Holland Purchase. Batavia 171,426
Home, City 4.578.093 Ad 2.00X009
i»6,«oi Lio.UUO
Humbjtdt. Cuy 251,166 lU.UOO
Importers' ami Traders',
C.ty 302,539 22.503
Intcruaiionai. City 1,: 19,476 400,000
irvirg. City 321,745 risks
Jefferson, City 411.155 47,500
Kings Ceunty, City 262,573 30,009
LalayfU--, L 1., Cuy 214,751 7,500
Lamar, Cuy 551.4&2 200,000
Lenox, City 240.801 39.009
Long Island, I*., Cuy 8J4,91i2
Lorillurd, City 1.715,909 SJO,OOO
Manhattan, Cuy 1.4J7.78S 500,000
Market. P.. City 704,634 fcjusjijd.
Mechanics’. L. 1.. Cuy 218.047 22,0U0
Mechanics’ and Tracers’,
City.~ 460,002
Mercantile, City 273,399 100.000
McrcuanU’, Cuy 442,690 15,00U
Nassau. L. City 391,518
National, City., 232,671 15,000
New Amsterdam, I*., City... 432.G38 40.00J
N. Y. Central, Union bp’gs. 2U1,864
New York Fire, City 392,278 15,000
Niagara, City 1,304,567 225,000
North American, Cuy......... 770.305 250,000
North Kivcr* -City 40i,426
Pacific, City...... 443,557 12,500
Peter Cuonor, City 295.724
Pbeaiz, L. 1., Cuy 1.5y.'.010 350 t uuu
Relief, Cuy 81u.UoS 10,009
Republic, Cuy 683.478 225,00
Resolute, City 252.452 75.U00
Schenectady,
tjecunty, Cuy 3,880.333 Ad 1,000.000
Sterling, City 247,027 7,500
Tradesmens’, Cuy 423,161 25,000
Washington, P-, Cuy 774,411 409,000
Williamsburgh City, Cuy... 539.692 70,000
•Yonkers and N. Y., City..— 863,1*63 300,009
Western, of Buffalo 582,547 609,000
MASSACHUSETTS COMPANIES.
Eliot, BosKm 672.212 12.003
Hide and Lsatuer 419.000 700.0u0
Independent 646.00U Suspended
Lan.vuC B-jSIoU 262,502 12,000
Manutaclurcrs’ 1,480,464 350,009
Merchants’ 958.U0J 10,000
National 821,844 500,000
Peoples’ Worcester 887,750 203,000
New England Mot- Marine. 1.0.W3 700.00 i»
IVashiogtoo, Boston 935.975 25.000
OHIO COMPANIES.
Aiemania, Cleveland 285,000 25.000
Andes, Cincinnati 1.203,000 300,000
Cleveland, Cleveland 530,WH) 175.000
Globe.. 178,143 25,000
Home. Cniumbos 037,947 350,009
Sun, C.i «laud 391,340 75,000
MISSOURI COMPANIES.
Amer.’’.antral, St. Louis—.. 254.875 350.000
Anchor.— 121,974 27,009
Boatmen’s 51,788 20,000
Chouteau 21,803 25.000
Citizens’ 271,000 25.000
CONNECTICUT COMPANIES.
Hartford 6.762,635 2,000,000
•£tns
City, Hart-lord 1 554/237 225,090
Charter Oak, llartiord 251,951 209,000
Connecticut, Hartford. 495.069 Suspended
Fairfield County, Nuruatk. 216,358 30,000
Hartford, llarti.ol 2.737.510 1/290,009
Merchants’, U«i f 0rd..—... 510 090 350.000
Phosaix. liarlf.i 1,717,947 700,(00
Putnam, Uartfor.' 785,788 425,000
niIODL ISLAND COMPANIES.
American, Proviu ace- 274,069 400,000
Atlantic, Providen- 326,614 275,000
Hope, Providence 211,b>3 150,000
Merchants*, Proviueuce 372.199 13,000
N:-ragan.set, Providence 792.917 33,000
IT.-Yiacncc. Washington,
J ,-evidence 415.149 550.090
R- .*cr Williams,Pri*videi»c»- 279.946 100.000
UAISE COMPANIES.
National, I* -.ngor 241.000 17,500
U *4OO, JJa. 421,00'J 5.009
MICHIGAN COMPANIES.
D roll F. e and Marine 273,000 30,000
WISCONSIN COMPANIES.
Brewer.-, i'.-meet.vc .‘S'uoo
v w I, itu>ii:L 19X.202 90,000
it" Pain Fircnu -i«n..c.... 280.090 60.060
A«S.“ c£i..e Kr WW«»
1 uItEIGN COMPANIES.
Lu'ri--. a: Lud ;u.a GI..UcJW.IM.IK
N. Dnl.su and
Ouetm 2.347.49 a .Nothing
Royal..- 9,274.< <6 93,009
Pennsylvania companies.
Franklin. P.m 3.087.UJJ 500.000
AJH.S Eire 265,524 12.000
Doauucu’s, Pmsbuigh_ l^-000
Eureka, Pittsburgh—....,. 18.000
Arlcai .u. Pittsburgh 17.W0
Aifoiu.uia..- W-JJJjJ
.\luUun iuheiu 12.W*0
Pittah..rgh
Al'lc; .p.y.,..,....- 2,500
.Men- ad:s’and Al.inM.jicturcrs’ 6/200
Euli. prise, P.iiialeiphia.... 611.0J.1 125,009
In.-, l <4 Auicric- 3,b5J,000 69-J.O’JO
St. Jumca Clim'cli.
Ju the srcat lire which laid waste. on tuc night
*»f Sunday, October S, ISTI, hall Uio area of the
chy of Chicago, and turned us« hundred thous
and uf her people houseless into the streets,
among other losses tae stalely church of St.
•lames Parish, together with the rectory end its
content?, ar.d the hom.-s of nearly all the parich
j.iucrs, tell before 1..e UauieS.
Xnc cumca is u ruin, and stands la tuc midst
of u ruiu lor miuti. Wo nmv to me will i.l Gad
UQUer tins ten.uio calamity, but icel it our bur
den, bouu ionus by D.vnio Pruv.deuce, to lilt
our caurrb and p.uu.i mit ol tac dust uud ash
jiajjcciaiiy da.s ibis t cm a«uuty because 2sU
James’ is lue mother parish ol Lb.eago —a parish
wiiU u tiatoxy that g -cs b id; t-i me trst fouada
liou ol iUu cuy. Tv pariah taal has been the Iruit
o! •ell-deniul, jialscut labor, and many prayer.-.
We cannot l-t it ole, «c cannot let »t mß.n
--tegrute. We cannot let us parish cuureu hum
ujua even mougaeur own hnines an lie. We
Hiiall* rapi*i*y ro-t ot'er a .-bed la Jls blackened
H< continue there our worships of old.
Hut* while Uita W.U do lur lac present. the
«c..rk of rcstoiaisoa must b: begun e<»uu. in i.,e
•rii.nledcuudtunu ol ourciij, in the dcoiaiimi
iSRu oU our people, the vvonseCUs Ueyoud o Ur
d»>S of liur icn-ciity wUcu Ids candle
n A|,“urt SJlueJ upo.. Uer. cl. .U.uo l’-n= u
St“? luro.d a oca. ear .o auy ocaa .a 0,..u acr
CU U'o‘«a>- n«tv r t-J Oil iuciaiiJM tlw j.arUh. to
■oldrejS’" l4 C1i.c.;,.. to i««uoi «u l
VOLUME 25.
brctfaern bound by tics of old communion and
sympathy that if they wish to aid in tbi* work,
which has been eo suddenly and so providential
ly laid boforo ns. wo shall be grateful and thank
ful. As our city rises out of her ashes, now
more than ever wc must all feel that in the ma
terial restoration ;tho spiritual most not be for
gotten.
Remittances may bo addressed to John Do
Korea, or cither of the subscribers, who will
promptly and gratefully acknowledge them.
Respectfully for (be pariah,
lluch Miilcr Thompson, Rector.
E. H. Sboldsun. Thomas Larrnbec, Wardens.
I. N. Arnold, E. B. McCage, Wm. B. Ogden,
Geo. L. Dunlap. Julian 6. Ramsey, Perry II
Smith. Joseph T. llyorson, Fred. U. Winston*
John DeKov«;n.
Chicago, Oct. 16.1871.
liOSX OX THE LAKE.
Shipwreck of the Schooner Levant
—Six Men Drowned—Narra
tive of the Only Sur
vivor.
Peter J. Thoruum, a sailor, and tbo only sur
vivor of the crew of the schooner Levant, which
was wrecked on Like Michigan, on Saturday
night last, arrived in Chicago on yesterday, and
gives the following account of the terrible disas
ter;
Tbc Levant left Chicago on thq afternoon of
Saturday, October 7, and proceeded to Manistee,
where she look «n .board a cargo of shingles at
Briggs mul. The schooner was owned by Mr.
Oweas, of Chicago, and was considered suffi
ciently seaworthy for the lumber trade. The
Captain was Patrick Lyons, of Toronto,'and the
mate Robert Brown, of Chicago. Besides these
and tbe Steward, a Gorman named Kloss,living in
Chicago, their wero four sailors—Bill Saids, Pe
ter Brant, a man whom wu called Charlie, nnd
myself—in all, seven persons on board. All day
Saturday the wind had been very stiff Irom the
soutL-ionth-west. but after dark it increased to
a luriouf gale. At about 9 o’clock at-night,
when wo were about midway between Sheboy
gan and Pori Washington, a squall struck the
?cri*-.*n«T. wheels was wafer-loggcd^aod-oupricecT
in an lmunu The moa, who vrere all ou deck
workiuc ship, ran for the side, and all hands
climbed up nnd lashed themsuivcs to the rigging.
The sea was running very high, and the water
was ice cold. For two hours wc kept in the rig
ging, and at 11 o’clock wo sighted a vessel
to the leeward, not more than 130 feet away.
All hands set up a load cry of distress, but it did
notscemtubelieard.ua the vessel passed on
without noticing us. About 12 o’clock, the
mate, Br«»wn, became delirious, and letting go
his bold, dropped down into the water, oud was
drowned, although he was still fastened to tho
rigging. About au hour later Captain Lyons,
and Bui Shills both lost their senses, and were
washed overboard and drowned, tneir bodies
bunging t«_tho wreck. At about 4 o'clock in tbe
morning. Kl»as, tbe steward, lost his senses, and
wus drowned, leaving only three of us alive.
Twice during the night propellers passed within
hailing distance of us, but tuo noise of the gale
was so loud that they couldn’t hear our ones for
help, and they passed on nnd left us.
A nttle after daylight tbe schooner D. P. Dob
bin hove in sight. To is timo our cry of distress
was heard, and they made preparations to lower
tue bout. By this time Charlie aud Bract,
though still alive, had both lost their souses. It
appeared that tbd Dobbin’s boat had been stove
iu, and she stood past us about a mile iu order
to fix it up, and then put about
and came back to us. When abreast
of the wreck her boat was lowered in charge of
tbo mate. John Bolin, and they pulled over to
us. It tvas found that Charlie and Braub wore
unable to help themselves, and so Bolin throw a
line to me. and I tried to tie it around Coarlio,
but he got entangled in tho rigging and was
drowned before our faces aud in spite of all we
cjuid do. 1 iht-n managed to gut tbo lino untied
Irom Charlie’s body, got it around myself, cut
loose Irom tbe riggiog. nod was hauled iut.» the
boat nearly dead witn cold and fatigue.
Alter Several fruitless efforts to get tho Uno to
Brant, who was out of his head, and hung thcro
and stared at us with set a..d glassy eyes, Bolin
finally made a lasso, threw it over his bead, and
naulcd him into the boat. It was no use. Poor
Brant was so far gone that he died in tho boat iu
ten or fifteen minutes, and before wo got back to
the Dobba. I want to say something about the
skill and displayed by John Bolin iu
his ifforts to save the survivors. He is a bravo
sailor aud a noble-hearted man. I also want to
mention the kind treatment and core which I re
ceived Irom the Captain of the Dobbin alter I
was taken on board. Brant’s body was taken
iuto Milwaukee and left with the authorities.
Shills aud Cbarlio were both married men, and
hral iu Cuicogo.
—A civil war has commenced in Liboriaowing
to the refusal of the President to resign bis posi
tion, ibo Liberian .Congress having recently
h an act UtsitfuL tttae Presidential-term to
tiro rears*
—Mr. Thomas Garrison, for many years a
prominent citizen ol Rockford, lIL, dioi at
Nevada City, on tho 6th inst.
—Rockford people are complaining of nnmor
our visitations from Chicago burglars and
thieve', who have loft this city.
—Since tho defalcation of Major Hodge, the
Secretary ol the Treasury has given instructions
that all tho accounts of disbursing officers con
nected with the Treasury Deparcmont shall bo
promptly examined.
—The settlers in tho lower part of Arizona oro
preyed upon with impunity by Mexican out
laws, who are robbing them them of property in
every direction.
—Tho Nilsson Opera Troupe, gave a benefit at
tho Boston Theatre* on tho 14th inst. for
Cuicago sufferers. President Grant was in
allennance.
—The action of tho House of Bishops of Balti
more on the 12tb with reference the word,
’’regenerate,” is looked upon by tho Evange-
Heal party in New York, as a great triumph on
their ride. Tho High Churchmen, and especially
the Ritualists of the advanced school, also ac
cept that-interpretation, but say. “Instead of
harmonizing the Church, it will have-precisely
tho opposite effect, os time wlil show.”
—London advices say. that large numbers of
Americans arc leaving for home, owing to the
Chicago calamity.
—Coant Wnichtriesler. Minister of Foreign
Affairs at Stockholm, dropped dead of apo
plexy on the 15th ins c.
—An address has been issued from Saratoga,
N. Y„ by a large number Of prominent Demo
crats, repudiating Tweed and the late Demo
cratic Convention.
—The adjourned term of the United States
Superior Court eommenoed on the 10th instant.
important cases to be decided is one
from Kentucky involving the constitutionality
ol tho so-called Drake’s amendment relative to
the effect of pardons in court claims, and an
other involving the decision ol disputed rights
of property of tho Presbyterian Church, North
and South: another involving tho question as,
to the binding force of notes for slaves before
tho issuance oi the Emancipation Proclamation.
—Seven distinct attempts were made to fire the
City of Syracuse on the uightof the 14th instant.
Fortunately no great damage was done.
—Joseph 11. Hughes, of Lawrence. Kansas,
was shot on the 14tb lust, by his business part
ner, Thomas Topping. The affair grow out of a
business difficulty'.
—The strong Democratic counties of Pennsyl
vania gave a heavy vote agaiast the holding of a
Constitutional Convention. O.t the other band
the votes of the Republican counties were in
faV»rof a convention.
i —General Sherman sails next week for Europe
to examine various different military systems.
—John Line, a prominent Sun Francisco 1 bank*
cr. died on the 14th inst,
i —Caebise, ifie famous Apache Chief, made
friendly overtures to too government.
—Rev. W, K. Harmon, ol the M. E./Church
Soatb.'.comuiiucd suicide at Cbiilicothv, Mo., a
few days since.
I —Admiral Porter expects n war with China,
and has written a letter to the Secretary of the
Nuvy recommending an increase oi tho Asiatic
squadron nud the building of several gunboats
lor use in such an event on the Chinese rivers.
—General 0. 0. Howard was victimised out of
5100 the other day by confidence in in, named
Clark, who pretonded to be a Chicago sufferer.
—According to the census letnrns, jnst pub
lished, Alexandria is the first lumiul'acturii.g
city in Virginia, having a capital ol ovor three
millions of dollars invested, with au annual pro
duct of about nine million dollars. Richmond
comes next, with a capital of about two million
dollars, nod on annal product of five million dol
lars.
—Thcro has been a great flood in China.. Ills
estimated that ten thousand square miiea at
Tcia-ToH ax*» under water.
—iix young ladies took tho veil at St. Joseph’s
Convent, CaronJolet. Mo., on Suodnv Xiatr
among them Sister Marta; uf-tho Sacred Heart
Chicago.
—ln the Modlioott poisoning case, at Garnett,
Kansas, a burglar named Johnson, who was con
fined in the same coll wita MedHeott in Law
rence jail, testified that Mendiicott talked in his
sleep, calling on Roth and bis wife to ho quiet:
that Medhcott coalesced his guilt to him, and
when be (Johnson) was released on bail, em
ployed him t procure burglar's tools wit.i which
to effect bis escape: that ho carried letters from
Medlicutt to Mrs. Ruth, and that Medlicott told
him that Mrs. Ruth was concerned iu bur hus
band’s druib, and that if she did not keep true
to him ho would bang her. His testimony
created a profound sousatlou. and McdHuott ex
hibited much anxioi}'.
—The wheat crop of Great Britain averages
from twenty-six to thirty bushels per nrre.
—A terrible prairie firs in Nemaha, Kjd., has
destroyed over $30,000 worth ol property, and is
still raging.
—A Port Austin, Mich., letter says: There
ore fully 3.0J0 people suffering in this county.
Hundreds are lying by the roadside, with uo
shelter, and scarcely any clothing, and many of
them severely burned. The danger of mrihcr
lire is passed.”
—The New York Chamber of Commerce Com
mittee have issued one of tho mo't practical,
stirring and sensible appeals fur aid for Chicago
which has yet been made. It contemplates u.it
only immediate relief but aid also through the
winter.
—John Harper, the owner of Longfellow, has
declared that be will never run another horse.
Grief fur tho murder of his. brother and sister
has brought him to thU decision.
—The Peoria Review says that persons with
silks and fine goods in their possession, con
cerning which they give no satisfactory ncconnt,
rind which arosapposad to have been taken
from the Cbicag fire, are peddling them through
the country.
—A writer at Pesbtigo mentions tbo.oaso.ofa
little girl. Id years old, who saved her little sister
irom death, but who was advised by many to de
sist from the attempt lest she herself should
perish. She heeded them not, however, but by
the m-ist heroic efforts she succeeded in rescuing
her little sister from the .merciless flames. Her
father, mother, brothers, and other sisters
perished by the devouring clement. And afier
tho fire mid abated somewhat, she Worked her
way rack over hot ashes and burning coals and
dragged tho dead bodies of her relatives out into
an open space, and then stood watching their
charred remains nil day and through that Jong
and desolate night that followed. That is child
heroism the like of which was never recorded.
—The exact words of Mr. Disraeli, in bis
speech relative to tho Queen, wore as follows:
“The lactis. wc cannot conceal from ourselves
that Her Majesty is physically incapacitated
from performing-duties, bat it is some conso
lation to Her Majesty'ii subjects to know that,
in thcporlormanco of those much higher duties
which Her Majesty is called upon to perform,
she is still remarkable for a punctuality and a
precision which have never been surpassed, and
rarely equalled by any monarch of tbeso
realms.”
Woodford County, 111., has had some destruc
tive prairie fires, although tho losses have beon
mainly confined to timber.
—Disastrous prairie fires have occurred in
Redwood and Lyon Counties, Minn.
—Tho Secretary of the Navy has ordered the
dismissal of five cadets Irom the Military Arade
my lor ’’hazing.”
—Senator Setmrz speaks on Civil Service Re
form, at Cincinnati, <m Tliursday next.
—A constable, named Samuel Harrington, was
brutally murdered atlMudalc, Mo., a few days
since, by a party upon whom he was serving a
warrant.
—Tho Creek Indians bow*. b«« Q commuting
depredations on railroad property on iuo -Voim
Fork ol tho Canadian.
—Tho official llsis of the German losie* In
tho recent war with Franccshow that only 18.000
were killed. 87,000 wounded, and 6.000 missing.
The smallness of the figures is surprising, but
their accuracy is vouched for by the authorities.
—*’CHd Bats,” a Dakota squaw, 73 years of
of age, who was very ceh-braicd iu tho annals of*
Minnesota history, died uearSt.Paul, a low days
ago. Her testimony convicted tho thirty-nine
murderers hung at Mafikatu in 1802.
—A terrible hurricane *»ccurred ut Halifax «>n
the 11th. and the tide rose two feet over the
wuorves.
—A now customs treaty has been signed be
tween France and Germany. The financial p -r
--tiou of the treaty provides that the balance of
ihe indemnity money remaining due by France
shall bo paid in specie bills to' the amount of
80,000.000 tr.mcs every fortnight until the entire
balance is paid, such payments in commence «-u
the Isth of January next.
—The First National Bank of Wheeling, Vu.,
suggests that ibe National Batiks throughout tho
Uuun contribute 2 per coat of their capital os a
fund to ho loaned to too Associated National
Biliks of Chicago, fora specified period, to ena
ble them to at once resume business, the inter
est t» bo paid semi-annually.
—lt is reported in well-informed circles that
the new treaty for the annexation of Sou Do
mingo, which will bo submitted to Congress early
iu the session, will cHI for no appropriation
whatever, but that provision will be made by
tinvuio panics and corporation lo pay off the
debt ot the republic, which has £ccm regarded
as amounting to nb-ut $1.600,00 J.
—Several incendiary bros occurred at Louis-
viile Ky„ on Sunday night. _
—Destructive fires have been rngiog in Bre- i
njer, Hancock, aud Chickasaw Counties, lowa,
fC —Three attempts were made to sot fire to
Loudon, C. W„ on tho night ol the 13th.
—The London Echo says that, the Queen is
contemplating a partial abdication, nud asks,
‘•Shall Albert Edward bo Regent?
—The remnant ot Cucrokcca l*ft iu North
Carolina have commenced to remove to the
reliof. train fdriChicago ran from
New York to Buffalo in d. O hours and oo
m —Tho*Northern Pacifio itaUroad track bar
bcoo complete! within fartr-oight miles of
Morobcad, tho crossing of tno Itod .Hu or.
-Paymaster llojgo, tho defaulter, has boon
1 seoicnood to ton yours’ imprisonment. Iho
1 President remitted n part of tb«' y^j
directed his imprisonment nlior iho t.n oars
The Jill. i until ho had relundod the amount embezzle
To the Editor of Tht Chicago Tribune I'" comot has boon soon from the Now
Sir: It is said the county’ oni city fathers 1 Haven Observatory. ..i. .i,.,
have resulved to rebuild the public buildings oil j Mutuals defeated to c
the old sites. This is well, except as to ike Jail, j ThelVsv* Dr. Noah Porter was inaugurated
It isoonvcaitnt and proper to have a strong and President of Yale College. «u the lltb, with very
safe apartment in the basement, where a few ceremonies.
ROTRERMEL’S battle of G£TTS
BURG.
How tho Groat Picture Was Saved.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
•Sia: Many reports havu been circulated
through tbo press iu regard to the Jato of
RolhcruiCi’s picture, but they have all been so
ioreigu, one lo the other, tuat, us ye:, little
light uus been thrown upon the subject, and the
public is undecided as to whether it is saved at
ull. lam awu<<c that you hare not room iu your
columns fur along story, so 1 will elute the facts
in us tew words as possible. Tbo picture is safe
anatomy possession, and X am now wailing to
meet Rotuermel. -1 superintended the whole
mutter, aud took every precaution to have the
pieiure removed without injury, and would add,
that the picture was not cut from the stretcher,
ueimer torn into strips and curried from the
ouildiug, us have been published iu some other
papers, out was carefully rolled up and carried
from toe building to too lake shore, where I
guarded it, at the peril of my life, from the cin
ders and plundering mobs: covering my faco
aud hands witn wet 'clothes to proU-ct myself.
tr*m betas' overcome \>y thuheat. The falling
of tbo cinders w s tcrriolo. The drapery
wrapped arutmd the picture to protect it was en
tirely Consumed by tne fire caused by tailing cin
ders, 1 am happy to inform you that the picture
received no injury at ail, except a small rout iu
the canvas wuich can be easily repaired.
I also rejoice in the possession of all the other
pictures iu the Academy of Design gallery that
were ol any account. Mr. W. H. Downing, with
whom I shared a part of my studio in the Acad
emy,stood uy me in this emergency irom begin
uiuc to end and, while I guarded tbo large pic
ture on lh.- lake shore, at the loot of Adams
street, he guarded too others: uua, between us,
wo succeeded in saving ull tne pictures of any
value.
Kutlu-rmi-l’a Gettysburg will have u greater
reputation now than ever, und thousands more
wnl be cug.-r iu see it. It wilt soon bo removed
to thu fclaic Capit <1 ol Pennsylvania, and tuo
nation will rejoice tuat tbo greatest and grand
uf ail its art treasures is safe. Yours truly,
F. L., Rockwell.
Chicago, Oct. 16,1871.
A NEW LAW LIBRARY
Proposition to tlie Members of the Chi
cago Bar.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir: While we all rejoice in tbo liberal contri
butions received by the unfortunate, through tbo
several societies and organizations to which
they belong, including the Trades Union, the
public press, Ac., wo cannot bo unmindful of
the fact that the members of tbo Chicago bar,
as a class, have suffered moro than any other
by tbo Into conflagration. Our libraries, our
offices, our notes and accounts, and onr business
have been swept awuy by the fire-fiend, and
very lew of the 500 members of tho bnr have tbo
moans to procure n private library. Wherefore,
tho writer begs leave to suggest, through this
medium, that a public meeting of tho bar be
held at once, to perfect a suitable organization,
with proner officers, to receive donations fora
Public Library. Our friends of tho profession
wilt promptly and libcrnllv respond to uur call.
Wo need Free Public Library, accasiablo lo
every member of the bar, without foe or tax, ex
cept the smalt sum of about S2UO per annum to
support a Librarian. I believe that one good
solicitor, with the proper aid of tho organization
at home, could raise $50,000 within sixty days lor
this purpose. Will come of tbo older and moro
prominent members of tbo,bar move in tho mat
ter! There should bo uo delay. B. M. Mckn.
-Chicago, Oct. 17, IS7I
Meeting of Judges.
The Judges of the Couetß of Record of Cook
County, and tho Judges of tho United States
Circuit and District Courts ere requested to meet
at the court-room of the Superior Court, in the
High School building, on Thursday, October 18,
iosL. at 2 o'clock p. m., for tho purpose of or
ganizing, and for such action as may be deemed
advisable, in pursuance of tbo following re-olu
lioo adopted at a meeting of tbo members of the
bar of Cnicaco, held on Monday last:
Resolved, That tho Judges of tho courts of
Cook County, and the Judges of tho United
Circuit and District Courts, bo appointed a
standing committee to consider of nud devise
such legislation as m«y be necessary to restore
lost papers and records ol all courts, public of
fices, settle titles to really, and all kindred sub-
jeets.
Resolved, That said committee appoint any
sub-committvo they may deem desirable from
the bar, to consider any designated matter, and
report to tbo committee. And tbo members ot
the bar each plwdgos ItlinsolV lo do any eucn
sub-committee work required ol him.
Resolved, That said standing commiUoa do
whatever they may doom desirable lor the pur
pose of having schemes «>f .legislation prepared
to bo submitted to the -Legislature, Stale and
Federal, at the proper time.--
Wu. A. I’onTEK. Chairman.
T. IjF.ddt, Secretary.
jlow tUc Burning Coal-Ucaps 9lay he
Extinguished.
Mr. A. Guthrie. lata United States Super
vising Jioilcr Inspector, soys that tho firo con
suming tens of thousands of tons of coal tuay bo
extinguisued vorv readily hy simply f
Toralcd sienm pipes into mo coal piles, ani al
this rs a for .better, simpler, and
moro expeditious remedy than that now "doptei A
~f pumping water ou the coal, as tbo
almost instantly convened into steam which
floats off into tbo air in great clouds- Ibe plan
cau ouickly bo tried, as there are plenty of boii
cra fo bo h«d, and no other machinery is required
“SSaSriS stands” srto apply this: remedy
at once for thrse requiring bis services. He
thinks that tho fire in every pile ol coal can bo
extinguished iu twelve hours.
Union Mutual tlfe iMnrance Company
of Maine.
Tho agency In Chicago is now at 816 Wabash
avenue. This old, substantial company has
loaned largely and judiciously in Chicago
hitherto; and now—though the firo has wiped
uut $233,090 of its security, nomiually—thp lands,
amounting to about 3500,000 nro left, and ore id
gtiud localities; and Dr. Boone—who is abondaut
ly able to respond to anything ho agrees to--
offers to guarantee paywout of every
dollar of tbo company's investment
in the burnt district Jor 1 jjcr ecu/. This lively
company has uucartued its safes and finds their
contents safely preserved; und its derrick is up.
on tho aM loundulton, for the immediate re
building ofits Agency and Loan Office. Boone
Block.” in LaSille street: and it is ready nuw
jor the coutinuauco ol its Life Insurance patron
age iu Illinois, ut 816 Wabash uvouue. So make
secure, the patrimony your fomilies may need.
prisoners may be sccnrely lodged temporarily—
as during trial, eta. Bat the jail of such a coun
ty ns this, where hundreds of prisoners are to be
kept constantly, should not bo underground*
and. especially, should not be under the Court
tiouse where the poison they generate infects,
not only themselves, bat the hundreds of offi
cials who occupy the various parts of tbo build
ing. Moreover. the basement of such a building
a«wo should have, if properly constructed, is
the most valuable part of the structure for the
public offices, and is by far too valuable lobe
surrendered to the use of confining and lodging
criminals. Would not tbo site of th e Armory bo
location (or the j«il? Lot tho Board of
rublie Works and the otner proper officials o in
sider this matter in duo time, and, by all mean s.
let us not repeat the nuisance of ihn jail under
the Court House. D. I*. Wildkr.
Chicago, o*t. 17.1871.
George 11. Stewart, of Philadelphia, is organ
izing a work similar to that of tbs Christian
Commission, for Chicago relief.
—Tbo Empress Augusta, of Germany, has con
tributed 1.000 thalers for tbo Chicago sufferers.
—Several negroes were sworn in, in New
York, on Saturday last as Inspectors of Elec
tion.
—Telegraphic communication between Hong
Kong und Nogodi has been stopped, the Chinese
having picked up the cable and stolen quite a
length.
—A terrible typhoon has occurred on tho
Chinese coast, destroying several hundred lives.
—Tho Secretary of the Treasury has author
ized tbo United States Treasurer to issue $1,500,-
000 United States notes to take* tho place of the
United States notes and National Bank notes
burned in tbo government vault at Chicaco.
—C. F. Lehne. a well-known citizen ol Peoria,
attempted to commit suicide by cutting his
throat on tho 12tb mst. Cause, temporary in
sanity.
—The Now York ruffians reported hanged in
Chicago have turned up safely in the former
city.
KEWS BY MAIL,
SATES.
HALL’S
SAFE LOCK
COMPANY'S
CHICAGO HOUSE
IS LOCATED AT
66 West Madison-st.
1 stock of Safes, and
Hall’s Superior Bank
locks will he ready
for sale TO-DAT,
At Old Prices.
FRANK B. TUCKER,
MANAGER.
HERRING’S SAFES
TRIUMPHANT!
Twenty-two Safes have been taken
from the rains so far, con
tents all safe.
A largo assortment, of all sizes, constantly on
liuua. at tho Chicago depot.and manufactory.
HERRING CQ-,
Corner of Fourteenth -at. and Indiana-av.
DIEBbLD KIENZLE’S
SAFES
PROVED THE BEST IN THE GREAT FIRE.
446 STATE-KX
D. H. COVERT. General Agent.
Safes.
Oar office can bo found at
NO. 06 WEST MADISON-ST.,
We have ordered from onr foctory at Cincinnati
and onr branch houaea at St. Louis, Louisville, and
Cleveland.
OVER TWO HUNDRED SAFES OP DIFFER
ENT SIZES,
which will bo ready for delivery in a few days.
HALL’S SAFE AND LOCK CO.
STOVES.
bKiwu Brothers
bast monboe-st. iold quarters),
Manufacturers of
HYATTS PATENT SIDKWALK LIGHTS
And Hoot's celebratal
DAKOTA” SOFT COAL STOVES.
May ha found at tho old quarters, as above, ready
for orders.
Stoves,
In answer to numerous Inquiries, wc wish to an
soanqe that our price list or stoves will NOT be
advanced. If any retail dealers charge an advance
we will furnish portioe who call at our office with
the names of dealers who sell at old prices. Not
a stove In our warehouse was destroyed. Oar
foundries la Albany are in fall blast, and wo shall
keep onr stock in Chicago full and complete, and
be able to supply tho demands of both city and
eountrytrade. As our agency records and facili
ties for getting information arc destroyed, now
customers wllfplssso forward referencee or cash
with orders. JNO. F. RATHBONE CO., 30 and
Sd floor.
millinery.
GAGE BROS.
CO.,
WHO Ii ES 'A 11
MILLINERY.
OFFICE FOB THE PRESENT AT
419 MICHIGAN-AV.
Will open with, an entire
NEW STOCK at
961 indiana-av.
About the 2 oth October.
Send Your Orders.
FURNITURE.
Furniture,
PARLOR FURNITURE,
BEDROOM FURNITURE.
OFFICE FURNITURE A
To be had at wholesale prices at 177 West Ran- f‘
dolph-fit. KDBITbCHKY it HAMANN,
And at 135 West Lake-et.
OSWALD KUBITSCHKY. i.
BOOTS ANP SHOES,
Doggett, Bassett Hills,
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash-av.
Comer Harm on -court, C
Have on the way a new j
stock of
BOOTS SHOES,;
And will soon be prepared
to supply customers.
AUCTION SALES,
WM. A. BUTTERS 00.,

ATJCTIOKEERS.
Office No. 1204 Indiana-Av,,
Will resume business on or before November 1.;
At Nos. 3 and Dearborn Park.
Directly opposite old stand on Itandolph-st.
C. C. Thayer Co.,
Auctioneers and Beal Estate Agents,
No. 41 Uubbard-court, between Stats and Wabasri, 1
formerly at 137 Doarhoru-st., Trinuno Building,
will. heretofore, pay particular uitentiou tusnk*
of real est ito at xuctibn aad'Tx’lvato salu. Will at
toud t« sales of furniture Ht n-Bidencca, and to out
dour sah-a of erory description.
T<> owners of real estate iu the burnt district: f*.
C Thayer A Co. have applications from home un 4
Kiytorn capitalists lo buy on lease property in tln>
burnt district. Please hand in vour lists.
Colby aud Wlrts, Auctioneers.
We shall s -11 on Friday, October 20, 10 o’chick M.rn—
nil the household goods, consisting of parlor, clituo
tier, dining*room, und kitchen furniture, carpets,
stoves, mirrors, crockery, Ac., all cuntulned in the
dwelling No. 131 West Jackson st., corner Deoplaiaes
st.,' together with lease of the premises. Also. ODe
seven octavo rosewood pinuo.
COLBY A WIUTN. Auctioneers.
HOTELS,
Tie RiTßrsiie Hotel,
Riverside, will bo kept, from this dale, by Messrs.
Gage Bros. Rice. Sufferers "by the groat fire will
be liberally treated, and board for the fall and’win
tor at very moderate prices.. Pleasant rooms.
Gas and water, and frequent trains. Apply' at
Riverside.
Transit House.
Tucker Sherman, proprietors—terms, na be
forij'the fire, $2 per day. All trains stop at Forty
thlra-et. Carriages to convey passengers to nnd
from cow. Street cars run hpnrly. p. Ft. W.
dummy aix times dally.
Wood’s Hotel,
295 Siat-vst., corner llubbard*cuurt, Chlcngo,..lll.
ENOCH WOOD, Proprietor.
Fint-cfoes accommodations. Charged reasonable
WEDNESDAY* OCTOBER 18, 1871.
INSURANCE.
THE
n i. ii.
nn
OF BROOKLYN,
Casli Assets, $1,850,000
Loses in the
GREAT FIRE
LESS THAU
$500,000
And has Opened an Office at
62 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
Property insured and
Losses paid as usual.
We have commenced
paying. Policy-holders
call and. present their
claims.
K S. CRITCHELL,
A GENT-
Apply for Agencies in Northwestern Slalta to R
S.CRITCBELL, Special Agent.
NORTH BRITISH
AnH Mercantile Insuiance Co.,
Of London and Edinburgh.
CAPITAL, $10,000,000 IU GOLD
Gold Assets, after Paying
Chicago Losses, $12,000,000
The New York Managers have received tho follow
ing telegram from London:
“Board of Directors sul'scirboAve thousand dol
lars for relief of Chicago sufferers.' Settle and pay all
losses promptly. American assets, amounting t.i
91,500,000, will not he touched.”
Wo aro now prepared to receive applications for in
surance iu abovu company.
S. M. MOORE C0 M Agents,
68 Sontb Canal 879 Wabash-av.
HOMES
Insurance Cmnpany
OF NEW YORK,
30 and 32 Canal-st.
I have arrived in Chicago with a corps of adjusters
to assist General Ducat in adjustitp and paying the
losses of thu Home Insurance (ompanv, of New
York,
This Company will pay all Its lostes as toon as ad
justed. and with two millions of solid assets left and
more to be subscribed. If ueedod, will continue to
iudemuily thu property owners of America as here
tofore. ARTHUR F. WILMARTII,
Vice President Home Insurance Co., of Nhw York.
New York, Oct. 10, 3971.
GENTLEMEN: At a meeting of tho Ger
mania,” •*Hanover,” “Niagara,” and “Repub
lic Insurance Companies, of New York* Com
rising tho ••Underwriter’s Agency,” held this
a/, due preparations were made to pay immedi
ately, upon adjustment, all losses incurred at Chi
cago after doing which the capitals of all the
companies will remain unimpaired, and have a
surplus of over half n million dollars, leaving the
gross cash assets of tho Underwriter’s Agency
over two and one-half million dollars (£2,509,000.)
A. STODDART, General Agent.
To Ogden, Sheldon Seuddor, Agents, 62 South
Canal street, Chicago.
fgy-All persona holding policies In tho Un
derwriter's Agency,” will present them at 62 South
Canal-et., for adjustment.
OQDEN, SHELDON SC UDDER,
Agents.
Occidental Fire Insurance Co#,
OF SAN FRANCISCO, CAL..
A. C. AGENT.
OQo*t t 'rirr
tending policies in this company pleasa report.
Liverpool and Loudon aud Globe
Insurance Company,
OFFICE NO. 5 WEVT MADISON-ST,
Risks taken at current rule*.
NVM. WAItKKK. General Agent.
Commerce Insurance Company of
Albany N. Y.
Will a<l]ust nil claims ut office, No. ZO W. Madison
st., 3rd floor. Room No I.
M. V. YOUNG, Ocn’l Agt.
Royal Insurance Company, of Liverpool,
England.
CHARLES 11. CASE, General Agent.
No. 6SSouth Canal-st., upstairs.
ASSET.-* -...TEN 3IILLION DOLLAR?.
Notice.
Panics holding policies in the Croat Woitern In
surance Company ami sustaining loss will present
them ut thu office of the company, No. 77 Fourteenth
si.
October 17. IS7I.
Yonkers and New York Insurance
Company,
WESTERN DEPARTMENT,
Office, IQC6 InJlana-av.
F. A. filitcbcl
Adjuster of Firo Losses, Office 781 Stato-st. Seven
years’ experience la insurance. Has adjusted losses
lor many of tho most prominent companies. Will
make up claims und present them to thu companies.
Uch-rcncfts given ns required.
Insurance Policies
IN EASTERN OR CHICAGO COMPANIES
Collected without delay, or sold for cash by
J. 11. BUSSELL, ATTORNEY.
M West l’atidolph-st.
Yonkers and New York Insurance Co,
Policy holders will please present their claims to
O. W. BARRETT A Co., at offices, 393 Wabash
av., or comer West Randolph and Halsted-st,
can present them at Western Department office,
10C0 Indiana-av.
MACHINERY.
Engines and
Machinery
Cooper &€o.,
MANUFACTURERS
Stationary, Portable, and Farm Slide Valve
ENGINES
of every required size. Upright and Hoisting
ENGINES.
The Corliss Automatic Cnt-OfT
ENGINES.
Cooper Co.’s Improved Slide Valvo Cut-Off
ENGINES,
Tabular Locomotive and Fine
Circular SAWMILLS.
FLOURING MILLS, and complete
MACHINERY
for flouring‘mills, sawmills, elevators, Ihrnflfcfi,
and factories.
Flans and specifications famished to customors
without charge. Small Engines on hand or In pro
cess of manufacture. Orders filled on short notice.
The Mt. Vernon Iron Works, established 3833, ore
among tbo largest in the country, and have tbo
most approved facilities for manufacturing. Their
machinery la of the latest improved designs, and
in ovory Instance is guaranteed to give entire sat
isfaction. Call on or address, for large illustrated
circular, C. G. COOPER CO.,
Portable Engines.
Wo have In stock, and can furnish instanler,
8. 10, 12, 14, 20. «t 2i.HOUSE PORTABLE ENGINES,
both mounted nnd unmounted.
This style of engine is most suitable for all indoor
work, and will readily sell to farmers alter being
used.
W« would rof-r you to ADDISON BALLARD.
Lumber Dealer, Chicago; or write to
no a shoemaker.
RICHMOND. IND.
Bacon’s Portable Hoisting Engines,
FOR CONTRACTORS’ USE.
ZIOIhTING OF BUILhI.NG MATERIAL, TILE
A DRIVING. ETC.
Quick working, cheap, simple nm! durable. Manu
factured by
THE MORRIS CO. MACHINE AND IRON CO..
3fl Cnrtlniidt-iq., New YorK.
Engines.
I*2 to 100 ilqrKO. Leave Shopi ready for nab. Re
quiring no foundation. Noiseless Friction Grooved
Moisting Machinery. Automatic Cable t'nrringas for
convoying material my distunes economically.
Uontrifiigal Pumps, putap 'fin per cent more wntcr
with sumo power than uny pump in use.
Boilers, l’o»-d Pump* jtc,.
WM. I>. ANDREWS A BUG.
414_ Water Street, Now York.
TO BENT.
TO RENT.
Houses furnished or unfurnished, small cottages,
Huites of rooms, «£c., iu all parts of tho city! Also,
a large barn on Stnip-at., south of Fourteenth,
capable of holding 34 horses or more. Parties de
sirous of renting,-buying, or selling, will do well
to call at my office, as my list embraces property in
all parts of the city.
WILLIAM D. KERFOOT,
£9East Washington-st., “Burnt District.”
DRY GOODS.
HAMLIN,
HALE
COMPANY,
Office,
288 Miehigan-av.
Retail Department
Will reopen, within a very few days, in
the largest and most convenient Dry
Goods Store in Chicago.
’328 West Madison-st.,
With a full stock, suited to the present
wants of this community.
Wholesale Department
Will reopen Oct. 25 in the largo brick
building,
29,31 &33 S- Canal-st.,
In immediate proximity to the new Sher
man and the Briggs Houses and the Bail
way Depots.
Their facilities will be ample for prompt
ly supplying the wants of their customers,
and their assortment will be as complete as
heretofore.
MIS CEIiIiANEOUS.
O arpets, Carpets 11
ALLEN MACKEY
HAVE OPENED THEIR STOCK AT
At 744 State-st.i
AND ARE NOW PREPARED TO SHOW A
FULL LINE
CARPETS, BEDDING, CURTAIN GOODS.
W« invito tho special attention of furniture deal
ers. and others, to oar stock of
PLUSHES, PLAIN
AND STRIPED
REPS, TERRT3,
ETC.. ETC.
JVETT GOODS RECEIVED DAILY I
Blank Books and Stationery
RECEIVED THIS DAT,
and moro on the way. Tho trade supplied
AT OLD PRICES, BY
EMERSON A DAVIES,
At Chicago West tilde Library aod Music Store,
2-jy West Madison-st.. bet. Peoria and Sangamon.
PAPER.
Winnebago Mills.
Having two mills la Operation and largo amount f
stock shipped before thu lire, we shall, during nexl
week, have a good stock of Manilla, Wrapping,
News, Printing, and Writing Patters. Remittances
by draft on New York or currency by express will be
appreciated.
BRADNER, SBIITH CO.. 619 State-st.
Plug Tobacco Manufactory For Sale,
CONSISTING OF:
I Hydraulic Ram and Pump.
9 Retainer.
Flalshcr*.
i Seta Moulds.
4 Caddy Presses.
4.000 lb Fairbanks Scales.
I Hall's Office Safe,
Track, Cara, and all the fixtures complete for the
manufacture of Plug Tobacco.
For terms address JAMBB DORITY.
Tnlado. Ohio.
Anchor Line
OF OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
NEW TOEK, UVERPOOL, GLASGOW, ic.
All agents are notified that no interruption
has occurred In onr business, which la now carried
on at
NO; TO TWENTY-THIRD-ST.
Our mall 1s regularly delivered. Remit by cx
press or New York bank draft.
z»<an r v_ BROTHERS;
No. TO Twonty-thlrd-sL
JAMES WARRACK, General Manager.
Van’s Ranges,
FOR HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS.
Wo are prepared to famish these celebrated Ranges,
Broilers, Carving Tables, Ac., at short notice. We
arc erecting a building for our Hot Air Furnaces,
where wo shall be ready to fill all orders for
FURNACES AND STEAM HEATING
at tho shortest notico. Addresser call upon us at
966 SUte-st. LESTER. HERON. SMITH A CO.
Chicago Business College.
This Institution will begin its sessions next Mon
d«y, October 22. On« of the largest and finest balls
in the city corner Canal and Waihlnuton-st*., has
been secured. All the departments will be in opera
tion, with a fall corps ol teachers and a first-class
business school will be conducted as heretofore. Six
hundred students can be accommodated. Call at tho
office northeast corner of Canal and Washington-sts.
BRYANT CHASE.
(formerly Bryant A Stratton.)
Splendid storage and office room to rent at lowest
rates by B. A C.. at above place. This corner is now
the hnxinpsa centre of the city. _
Dissolution.
The copartnership heretofore existing between tbo
undersigned, ander the firm name of Ottawa/ A
Barlow, has been this day dissolved by mutual con
sent. The business of the firm will be settled by
eillit-r of the lute firm.
TtlOS. P. OTTAWAY.
107 Bouih Peoria-sf.
NAPOLEON B. BARLOW.
Chicago, Oct. 14. 1671. V 99 Wnnen-ar.
Paul Becker
AT
West Chicago Ladles’ Seminary, 35 and 17 South
Sheldon street, continues his class In tbo above in
stitution and can ac:ommodato bis North Side pu
pils or others at the same place.
Ready-Made Houses,
DWELLINGS, STORES AND WAREHOUSES.
LYMAN BRIDGES CO.,
Corner Carroll and Sangamon-sts.
Building Materials
OP ALL KINDS, OLD AND NEW,
Bought and sold by
LYMAN BRIDGES CO.,
Comer Carroll and Sangamon-eta.
Odd Fellows’ Relief Committee.
Headquarters at Fifth Baptist Church, corner Har
rison nod Hangamon-Bta. Discributing offleo same.
Location permanent. J. Ward Ellis, President; I>.
B. Sherman, Secretary: John Q. Rogera, Treasurer.
Panorama.
A sufferer, hot one with energy, artistic ability,
and (he necessary business requirements,bat nut suf
ficient funds, wishes to negotiate with n party with
means for the immediate production of a panorama
oi Tho Bnrnlng of Chicago.” Sufficient reference.
Capital required, $5,000. Address PANORAMA, Tri
bune office.
ioyne Co.’s
uuivur. Page,
NATIONAL PAGING NUMBERING MACHINE.
Arrangements having been made to supply tbo
market at once with tho abova named machines, or
ders should he lelt at oar offic,-,* fl, 13. and 15 Des
plahiCT-st., without delay.
Removal.
Offic- of Wrgho, Routing A Co. and Cb:ia. Yergho.
Consul fur Bavaria aod Wurtembuig, now at 15S
Cottage Grovo-av.
The Misses Aiken
Have removed their Dress Making Parlors from 06
Vanßuren-st. to 50 Harmon-conrt.
The Office of C. B. Sawyer Co.,
IS AT 449 WABASH-AV.
The Enterprising Firm of
JAMES S. KIRK CO.,
Soap Manufacturers,
arc already engaged with a large force of men re
moving the debm from tbo mins, and expect to
be rebuilt and In running order In forty -five days
NOTICE TO SHIPPERS.
The Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne and Chicago Rail
way Freight Depot, Madison street, being saved
from destruction by tho great Urea of Saturday and
Sunday nights. Is now in shape to take freights,
enabling this artery of trade to open op and relieve
those who may hare property logo forward from
Chicago, and nos opened an office at No. O Madi
son street, under tho Briggs House (formerly tho
Laclede), directly opposite the Madison street
Freight Station. Tho Star Union Lina Agency has
ita Beadquartert at this office. No very large
amount of freight can be taken immediately, but
enough to enable parties to raise money from their
Eastern correspondents.
B. c. MEiamUM,
Chicago.Frlday.Octia. 3871.
EDUCATIONAL.
The Chicago Business College
Will open In a few days on Slxtcenlh*at., be
tween Wabash and Mlchigan*av9.
Two of the largest and finest bails In the city
have boon leased, and a
FIRST-CLASS BUSINESS SCHOOL
will be conducted as heretofore. All the deport
ments will be in operation, with full corps of
teachers. Office at present, T92 Miebigan-av.
Several floe offices and store rooms to rent. Ap
ply at 793 Mlchigau-av.
BRYANT CHASE,
(formerly Bryant Stratton.)
GENERAL NOTICES.
A CARD FROM
FM, Williams Co,
Our Office is at
75 Calumet-av.,
Second honso north of Twenty-accord-st, where
we have all oar books and valuable papers that we
aaved from the domes.
We earnestly solicit all persons indebted to na
to aid na all they can by remittances.
Thankful for past favors, and hoping; to rclmhark
!n business again soon,
Wc remain, yours truly,
FITCH. WILLIAMS CO.
To My Old Friends and Patrons.
1 would hare yon all know, from my won! herein
given. tlmt I have lost nuna of site trust, hope. or
the belief in Chicago’s future greatness, widen has
always characterized all tny relations with the riti
zena of this my long-iiucw adopted home: but I am
differently situated with rofcrouco to findings place
to commence anew my businca*. from thorn who
have been engaged In purely mercantile pursuits. 1
must have privileges ofeky lights, aide lights, water
and gas, which are to them matters of little impor
tance.
Therefore, I heg olyon. my friends anil patrons, to
grant mo a littlo extra lime to look about mo before
I nettle.
I guarrantooyon, hereby, that every cant which
yon have paid into my callery aha]] be made good to
you as soon as 1 can establish myself in some perm**
nent way.
I also take vlensnrein informing all those who
have loft valuable pictures with me for copying, that
I saved the most of these before 1 gave a thought to
my owo things.
When I begin again you will find with me nil of the
best of my old corps of artists, who Lavo tbnied my
fortunes and misfortunes torso long.
Dogging that you will bear with me for a little
time, and promising that you Shall have ample notico
of mv opening In all the dally city papers, I remain
In affliction, ns In days of prosperity, truly, yunr
friend. E. 1,. .BRAND,
Photographer, formerly of 2S Washiaglon-st., Chi*
cago. IU.
Incidents of the Great Chicago Fire.
I am collecting incidents of tho great Chicago lire,
to bo published m book form immediately. Almost
every person we meet can relate some terrible, traxic.
pathetic, serio-comic, or other story connected with
the fire. Lot all these be collected now, while they
are fresh, and sent to nif, to be embodied In this
book. 1 respectfully request at! clergymen, tcnch-ra.
and all others, whether Indies or gentleinun, whether
you aro accustomed to writing or nor, to write out,
in such shape'as yon cm. to be rewritten if neces
sary. the incidents you hear, and to clip from news*
papers all printed incidents, and send to my address.
Mv slenm printing establishment and publishing
office is burned, the contents of my safe are destroyed,
but my long experience In Chicago as a printer nod
publisher are sufficient guarantee mat this book will
be full oflotercst. and published in good style. The
prico of thu book will b SO cents. It will be sent,
postpaid, by mail, or otherwise. Send for it now.
andyoor orders will bo filled in the order they are
received.
Sly address far the present Is ALFRED L. SEW
ELL, Publisher, care Loot. Preston Kean’* Dank,
corner Randolph and HuUicd-sts.. Chicago, 111.
Railroad Gazette.
THE RAILROAD GAZETTE, owing ton destruc
tion of tho printing facilities here. Is removed tem
porarily to New York City, al"3 Broadway, where
all letters should hereafter bo addressed.
The mall list of the paper was saved, but the car
riers’ list Was lost. Those who received the Gazette
by the carrier are requested to send their address to
the Now York office, together with a statement of the
time up to which It was paid.
A. N. KELLOGG. Proprietor,
General Notice.
THE AMERICAN MERCHANTS’ UNION EX
PRESS COMPANY
are now prepared to
RECEIVE AND FORWARD ALL BUSINESS
OFFERED.
Eastern business, for New York, Boston, &C.,
office 115 Twonty-eecond-et. Western business, for
Chicago, Burlington Quincy Railroad and con
nections, at office Canal and Burlington Crossing.
For Northwestern Railroad and roads leaving from
that depot, at office comer of Klnzie and Canal-sts.
(old Milwaukee Depot). Also at office 214,210. and
218 West Randolph, corner Canal. Principal office,
NO. 115 TWENTY-SECOND-ST.
National Sunday -School Teacher.
Office, M West Raodolph-st.
ADAMS. BLACKMER LTON,
Publishing Company.
The General Agency
OF ALLAN LINK OCEAN STEAMERB
s at present In 137 Hilwaukec-ar., until removed to
Mixon’s Building. LaSalle-sc., lo about three weeks.
Passage to and from Europe *l lowest rates.
FEUD, S. WINSLOW.
THE OFFICE OF THE
COATf TENBKOEKE
OA2EIAGE UANOTAGimma COM?'?
18 AT THEIR FACTORY,
Corner of Randolph and Ann-sts.,
wbera they will resume their business In a few days
and be praparod to receive orders as usual.
All persons indebted to as are requested to remit
AT ONCE
n currency, by express, to enable us to relieve our
mployes, some of whom
ARE HOMELESS AND IN WANT OF FOOD.
"All persons Xibtlm* Uarffflaj. CO Princes, or wogous in
their possession belonging to us, wilt please return
them to bar factory or send their address, and save
trouble.
Fan’s Ranges,
FOR HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS.
We are prepared to supply these well-known and
favorite Kaog»s at snort notice.
LESTER, HERON. SMITH A CO..
Molo 'Agents. 960 atatu-st.
Babcock Extinguisher.
050 Wabash-av., and 50 and 53 West
WasHington-Bt,
All partifS indebted to ns are urged to remit at
once by draft On New York or currency by express.
Our factory was saved. Orders pouring in from all
parts of the country will be filled in tho order in
which they come. Address all communications to
F. W. FARWELL, Secretary,
63C Wabash-av.
Grand Trunk Railway.
The ticket office of this company is now located at
the'northwest corner of Canal and Bladisoa-sts.,
where Information, through tickets, and berths in
Pullman cars may be secured.
J, U. WHITMAN,
General Western Passenger Agent.
U.SHACKLE, General Agent.
C. J. nr.YPGF.S. Manager.
Chicago Newopaper Union,
13 North Jaflferson-st. The Daily Evening Wiscon
sin, Milwaukee, has the largest Job Printing House
In the Northwest; running thirteen steam presses.
Orders for work may be lelt at Chicago Newspaper
Union office, 18 North Jefferwm-st.
Tbo Chicago Newspaper Union will have three
moro last newspaper presses running the first of
next week and will be able to accept press work
for them. Wo shall also have an abundance of
printing paper of all sizes.
A. T. AIKEN9. President.
Bread for the Hungry.
Wo will deliver in Chicago by the Chicago. Rock
lalaud A Pacific Railroad, or th-Chicago, Alton
St. Louis Railroad, choice family flour at th<* follow
ing prices: Choice white winter wheat floor fur
28.25 per barrel: choice red winter wheat flour fur
J7.25 per barrel, for one barrel or more. Send the
money by post office order, or by express, prepaid.
This was the wholesale price cf floor l>of(>re the tire.
ADAH WILCOX, City Mills, Joliet, 111.
Joliet, 111.. Oct. IS. 1871.
612 Michigan-av.
All onr account books and plates aro saved.
The machinery la In motion to meet the wants of
nil onr customers at tbo earliest possible moment,
ROOT «fc CADY.
Agency
of the
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE LANDS
of the
STATES OF MISSOURI AND IOWA.
We offer for sale the choicest Prairie and Timber
Lands of Missouri and lowa, on a credit of ton years.
-7SYh^r* l Tffffiß!* iron Tall taxation^
and Deeds come direct from the Slates of Missouri
and lowa. PHIL. F. SCANLAN A VO., No. 41
Uubbard-court, between Wabash-av. aod btato-st.
A Card From'
RICHARDS. CRUMBaUQH A SHAW.
Onr office Is temporarily at 8(8 Wnboeh-ar. Wc
shall resume business at tho earliest punsiblu mo
ment. Our (floods who aro indebted to us will con
fer a special favor by remitting in nt once nil they
can. either In enrroncy or New York oxehamti-.
RICHARDS, CRUMBAUGB A SHAW.
Thousands Made Glad
by the opening of the Fl-Mity oa the very morning
after tho fire—the first offleo open in ttm ruins—mix!
business uninterrupted ever since. All de posits in
perfect preservation, wax not melted. Before the
firo we asked, mid we now repeat thi-se
QUESTIONS FOR THE PRUDENT.
Are your bonds and Holes safe?
Are yunr deeds and mortgages safe?
Are year wills, roar policies, your money, your
plate, your diamonds safe?
Are zOU safe In keeping valuables at home or in
any exposed place, instead of depositing them with
TUOB. B. BRYAN A CO., at their Fidelity Safe
Depository.
Carl Pretzel,
Tho arousing broken German writer, leaves her
next week for St. Louis to publish his “Alminick’
for 1372. The Western News Company had ordered
10.000 JU}5 previous to the fire. We hops our St.
Leals friend* will aid him in its Nano.
Views of the Ruins.
CHICAGO AS IT IS AND AS IT WAS.
Those who wish to procure views of Chicago ns it
was before the fire, or us it Is since, should send in
their orders at ouce, to
LOYEJOY i FOSTEB,
3U9 West Randolph-st.,
Wholesale and retail dealers in stereoscopes, views
albums, etc. (formerly 87 Clark-sf.), will be able
to fill all orders for store-scopes, views, etc., in a few
days. To oar country friends'we would say bo
patient fora short time, as wo hare a fall sjocU on
the way.
St. Louis Law School.
Tho repnlar annual session of this school opened
October 11. Full course, two terms, six months
each. Students admitted -to either class, on exami
nation. until January I. 1872. Tuition Tea, Ifrj rwr
annum. including mo of library. No extra chars*
For particulars address O. 31. STEWART, Dean of
Law Faculty. SUI N.wth ThinUst tit. Lou?;. Mq. 0 f
CHICAGO SC AXE COMPANY,
Fairbanks’ Standard Scales.
No. 11 S. Canal-st.
FAIRBANKS, GREENLEAF CO,
NUMBER 72.
TRANSPORTATION.
B6TICS Ti SHIPPERS.
Tlie I’lttsburgh, Fort Wayne
<t Chicago Railway Freight De
pot, Matlison-st., being saved
from destruction by the great
Arcs of Saturday and Sunday
nights, is now In shape to take
freights, enabling this artery of
trade to OPEN CP and relieve
those who may have properly
to go forward from Chicago,
and have opened onr office at No.
9, under the Briggs Bouse, for
merly the Laclede, Madisoa-st.
Freight Station, The Star Cnion
Cine Agency has Its Chicago
headquarters at this office. No
very largo amount of freight
conld bo taken immediately,
bnt enough to enable parties to
raise money from their Eastern
correspondence.
E. C. MELDRCM,
C. W. F. Agt.
Chicago, Thursday, Oct. 12,1371.
tSf" Post. Journal and Republican copy.
.i
The office of the Empire Transportation Com
pany Is in tho Lake Shore Michigan Southern
Freight Depot, comer of Polk and Griawold-sts.
JOS. STOCKTON. Agent.
Anchor Line
OP OCEAN STEAMSHIPS,
Wo aro happy to Inform oar patrons that all
our.books ana papers bare been saved, and that
tho business Is earned on at No. 70 Twenty-third*
st.. corner of Pralrie-av. -Sight drafts on Great
Britain for any amount, and tickets from all parts
of Europe to all parts of the United States, as usual.
Parties going to Europe will take the Cottage
Grove cars or Pralrio-av. stages to our office. No.
70 Twcnly-thlrd-et.. which is only three squares
from tho Michigan Central and Michigan Southern
Railroad Depots.
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
No. 70 Twenty•thlrd-st., Chicago.
JAMES WARRACK, General Manager.
Merchants’ Despatch Transportation
Company,
218 West Randolph, corner Green*flt., (over Ameri
can Merchants' Union Express office.) or at rail
road freight depot. Canal and Sixtecnth-sts.
Consignees leaving their address at cither above
places will have their freight delivered ornotlce of
arrival given them as they may wish as soon as
freight la unloaded. N. J. HOWE. Agent.
GOODRICH’S STEAMERS.
All on their routes as heretofore. Daily for Mil
waukee and all west shore ports. Dally for Grand
Haven and Muskegon. Daily for St. Joseph and
Benton Harbor. Semi-weekly to Green Bay.
Menominee, etc. Offlco and docks foot of Michi
gan avenue. T. Q. BCJTLIN, Sup't.
EXPRESS.
American Merchants’ Union Express
Company.
General Office Twenty•sccood-st., cor. Indlana-ar.
NOTICE TO CONSIGNEES.
Chicago, Oct. 11. IS7I.
This company having resumed business, are now
prepared to deliver money and other property con
signed to tbU city. Parties expecting shipments
wll! please furnish their address. Notice to con
signees through the Post Office will ho given ou re
ceipt of property, and efforts mado to deliver con
signments on arrival. All money, goods, wares,
merchandise, and property generally lo.'t in unr pos
session nfter such notico is given, or after oCT-Ts to
deliver have been made to consignees, wilt thereafter
be held at risk of whom it may conc<*ru. Branch
offices corner of Randolph and Grcou-sts., and at
Northwestern Railroad Depot, corner of Kinzin ned
Cannl-sts.
CIIAS. FARGO,
Assistant General Superintendent.
BANKS.
NATIONAL LOAN AND TRUST CO.
HE3IOYED TO
107 Randolph Street.
Wo hare to announce to oar patrons and »lt<* onb
lie generally, that «a hays SAVEIV RVKIIiTIUSO,
and aVr? now prepared to transact all business en
trusted 110 us with fidelity and promptitude.
Stronz and reliable £afes!' Pratts on the Bankers
of tlio United States Government in London, in
large nr email same, nt sight; di afts on the Bank of
Montreal. First National Bank of Jew York, Drcxcl
Co., Philadelphia.
Money sent br telegraph to hew York, Boston
Philadelphia and San Francisco.
Deposit accounts received as nsual.
OEOi C. CMTOTT, P^idwou
WM. H. PARK, Cashier.
The State Savings Institution
WILL OPEN FOB BUSINESS ON TUESDAY
MOKNITG. OCTOBER IT.
at 369 Wabaah-ar.,* at 10 o'clock, and desire to do*
veto thri: entire energies to relievo their snfibrlng
saving depositors, and will pay in aacu of
TWENTY DOLLARS. OK LESS,
to such depositors as may need money for present
wants.
Bank
Tho Union Insurance Si Trust Company will open
for general banking business on
IS, at their branch office 316 Mitwaukee-av.. and will
open about the Ist of November at 37 West Madison*
st., under the Sherman House.
The Fifth National Bank
Will bo open for business at 449 Wahaah-av., on and
after MONDAY, Oct. 10.
ISAAC G. LOMBARD,' Cashier.
The Marine Company, of Chicago,
J. Y, SQAMMON
will for tho present occupy office
NO. 231 COTTAGE GBOVE-AV.
As suon ns vaults are built, the above.named bank
will remove to the corner of Cuugr<-Bs-at. and Mlchi*
guD-av., which place it will occupy until the old site
is rebuilt.
Germania Bank of Chicago,
NO. 17 MILWAUKEE AVENUE.
The Germania Bank has established its new office
at the above place, and is doing the regular business
as heretofore.
Old accounts are liberally settled and new accounts
opened io tho customary way.
C. KNOBELSDORF.
W. J. HALLER, Cashier.
Cushman Hardin,
BANKERS,
57 CALDME l‘-AV.,
Just north of Twenty-second-st.
We have resumed business at our temporary office,
and are prepared to meet nil demands. Deposits re
ceived. anil our regular banking busmen transacted
as usual. Accounts of city merchants and country
banks will have our special attention. Drafts on the
East cashed and collected
The Cook County
National Bank
IS OPEX FOB BESIXESS AT
323 JIICniGAX-AT.
The City National Hank
Aro building afire-proof vault In tboir new office,
on the northeast corner of Clinton and Washing*
tuo-sts., and will resume business in a few days.
TUe.Rcal Estate loan and Trust Com
pany
Will or*" for business at
016 WABASII-AV.,
Wednesday mornln*. October IS.
Office of merebants’ Savings,
LOAN AND TRUST CO. t 414 Wahash-av.
All depositors aro requested to forward me AT
ONCE, at above address, a statement of their ac
count with tho bank. for verification.
cuag Ttcr?gnfvrnc. r’aai.tAi-
il. Claussenlaa Co*,
BA^KEns,
And tho Consulate of the North Q-rrann Union,
25t West Uando!ph-st.
Traders’ National Rank,
447 WABASII-AV.
Open and read* for business ns usual.
Banking House ol C. Follausbee Sun.
The above Arm nro now perfecting arrangements to
open business at their new office. No. 173 Twenty
aecond-st., where niey will bo ready to resume on or
ftboot the ?ith instant.
REAL ESTATE.
MAPLEWOOD!
ADJOINING OLD CITY LlillTS,
4 Miles from Court House I
15 MINUTES’ RIDE
Accessible by steam cam; fare C? 4 cents; sidewalks
have been laid. Tbo nroperty it ornamented with
several thousand shade trees. Tho Artesian Well
flowiuc at the ratu of
350 Gallons Per Minute
Of para and clear water. Liberal iada<-»* fDts of
fered to parties wUJiing to build.
A. R. WING CO.,
SfIq,WABASII AVENUE.
REAL ESTATE OEEIOE
1 op
SNYDER LEE,
Room 17 Nixon Building, northeast corner Monroe
and LaSalle. Also West Side office at No. 9 South
Ilalsted-gt.. Masonic Bnlldlng. comer Randolph.
Field, King Co. arid Jacob Weil
HAVE REMOVED
to
443 MICHIGAN-AV.
We have applications now for the purchase and
rental of real estate in the Burnt District, South
Side. Send in your lists at once.
RAILROADS.
Pittsburgh, Ft. Wayns
A.\D
Chicago Railway
IS ALL RIGHT
Trains leave from comer of Madison and
Canal streets Chicago, as heretofore.
0:00 A. M. Express entire train trltlx Pullman's
Police Care throagh to New York without
change.
3:15 p.M. Express with Pullman's Palace Cars
through to New York without change.
0:00 P. M. Express with Pullman's Palace Cara I
through to New York without change.
5:30 A. 31. Mall stops at all stations.
5:15 P. M. Valparaiso Accommodation.
Ticlceta for Passage and Sleeping Cars
at depot.
W. C. CIELAXDi
Asst. Gen’l Passenger Agt
STEAMSHIPS.
Inman Line,
Carrying the British and United States Mails.
The office of this
STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Is a Boom 5
WELCH’S BUILDING,
C 3 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
FRANCIS C. BROWN. Agent.
Special Notice.
Lake Shore Michigan Southern
RAILWAY.
Passenger trains will arrive and depart from the
new du-pot on Polk-st. Passengers from tho Sooth
Side can take* tho trains at Twenty-second-st., as
heretofore. Passengers from the West Side can se
curd tickets and information at tho new office
southwest corner of Canal and MaJison-ats. Alsu
at new acp»t ou Polk-st., and at passenger station
on Twenty-second-st.
P. E. MOUSE,
General Western Passenger •m.
C. F. HATCH, General Sup:.
Erie Mil Store
i-iiisrE.
Xlic Offlco of tlie Erie and
North Shore ILinc will be found
at
769 Wabasli-av
Frdsht by this line Is now un
loading and ready for delivery
at Depot of tho Northwestern
Railway, corner Canal and Si:.-
tecntta-sts., West Side, orntC.,
B. and Depot.
3. W. SMITH, Agent.
Lake Store &lcMpii Sonttern
lEa-A-HiSO-A-D.
Tho General Frelclit Offlco of the LAKE SllOli y
i MIGUIGaN SUUfTIEICN RAILROAD and
office of tli- RED LINE TRANSIT COMPANY. i«
at tho Freight Depot of tho Uoad.nt thocnrrarjf
Polk and Gristvold-st*. A branch office of the
lied Line and South SJtore Line
HAS BEEN OPENED in tbs Ticket Office ol thi
Lake Shore tb Michigan Southern Ifsil
rood,
At the southwest corner of
31 ADI 30 N AND UANA L- 3 T :5.
G. 31. GRAT,
Assistant Goucr.il Freight nprn
Erie North Shore Line.
The Office of the Uric Jb IVorth Shore
Liue will be found at TOO TVabasli-r.r.
Freight by this Lino i« now unloading
and ready for delivery at Repot of tixr
Northwestern Railway, corner Cana!
and Sixteenth-st., West Side, or at C. r
B. «fc Q. Repot. J. W. SMITH, A«cnt.
THE LOCAL FREIGHT OFFICE OP THE IL
LINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD CO. IS LOCA
TED AT WELDON SHOPS, WHERE FREIGHT
CHARGES WILL BE PAH) AND CONTRACTS
GIVEN. FREIGHT, IN QUANTITIES LESS
THAN CAR LOADS, WILL BE RECEIVED AND
DELIVERED AT C., 8.. Q. FREIGHT HOUSE.
CAR-LOAD LOTS ON THE OLD GROUND.
Chicago and Northwestern Railway
Company,
Is now ready far business. Shipments of freights for
paint* on the Gale.m and I»tr* Divisions, and Dia
mond Jo. Lini-fueamers, will to received at the Oct
Fright Dop.il tor WUcmsio Division, corner of
Jefferson and lnUUna**ta., ur at the Transfer Depot,
corner of Jefferson and Mxteeatli-sts.
Freight arriving at Chicago mar bo found at tho
in treight <i- puts, located ns absTe.
office of the General Freight Agent, 75 Klajil>at.,
upstairs. C.C.-T»Ttsetrit2_——
Gec»r«l Freight Agent.
The Atlantic, Pacific Gt. Western
Telegraph Companies will open their general ofllcu
on Saturday next, 14th Inst., at SG Canal-et*
On and After Date,
Chicago Bock Island Pacific Railroad passaa/'-
trains will learo from corner Polk and Sberrraa-at-
American Emigrant Company.
Foreign and Domestic Exchange; ocean tickets tv
and from Europe. General ratiyrjy ticket office
Western Office, 3J West Kinzie-at.
X'KED. NELSON. Agent, Chicago,
Chicago, Kock Island Pacific Kali-
road.
NOTICE—The Passenger Depot of this company is
now located at the corner of Polk and btierman-sts.,
at which place trains arrive and depart as usual.
HUGH RIDDLE. Gen. Sap’t.
A. 31. SMITH. Gen. Pass'gor Agent.
Chicago, Rock Island Pacific R. R.
Trains leave and arrive at Twcnty-aecond-s:.
station, on Clark. Leave—At 10 a. m., 4;30 p. m.,
and 10p.m. Arrive—At 7a. m.,9;45a. m.,and
10 p. m.
General offices arc located at the corner of Clark
and Twclfth-9 ts.
MERCHANT TAILOR.
ELY,
Draper anti Tailor,
Is still ALIVE and well,
and, with, a CHOICE stock
of WOOLLENS, is at his
Parlors,
657 Wabash-av.,
Between Thirteenth and
Fonrteenth-sts., in readi
ness to serve his city and
country patrons as usual.
Established in Chicago,
1854. f
IRON FLU/ais!
TING
New York and Chlcaco.
BOILER IRON FLUES
AND GALVANIZED IRON.
Tyng Co., horned out at 30 LaSal!e-sL, hare
resumed business la tho commodloos machine
factory of L. B. Walker Co.,
67 and 69 South Canal st.
A largo stock of galvanized Iron oa hand.
000 hundred tons of boilerplates and heads now
on the way from the East.
Best American and English flues furnished In
frmn aiu> tn (An /Infa _ __
Orders solicited and correspondence promptly
answered.
T¥NS CO.,
07 and 09 South Canol-st., Chlcaso,
IfEW TOBK s 08 WUllam-st.
FREIGHT.
CHICAGO ALTON
RAILROAD.
FREIGHT NOTICE
Freight will bo received for shipment at tec
old place, comer Van Duran find Cnarle.<-«is.
Freight arriving will be delivered at Houghs
Packing Donae, south side Ualated-.t bridge.
Wo ore ready to receive and deliver all
promptly.
Merchants will please jßSffiy m 0 wiere thr g|b
be found. s a. d. REID MB
Medical.
Dr. Franklin Bracks.
OFFICE 153 THIRD AVENUE,
between Harrison and Polk-*ts., South Side tree**
all diseases and complaints. Tbo afflicted may ciV:
oraddn-ss the doctor on all confidential matters*
Invalids can be provided with apartments, board
attendance, etc.
Dr. C. Bigelow
Haa removed from No. *79 South Clark-at.. corner nf
Mooroc-st., to No. 46« South Stato-it., Chicago I'J
Call or address all communications to No 464aon*h
Statc-st. I,would hereby caution the public that one
O. C. Jurom?, TSioalii llal.LeJ-st,, I, mrtiVg iws?
my name and reputation (iu absoijcoof tbecourts*
I can only say that I am In no Way whatever coo
oected with that clhcu.
Dn. C. BIGELOVr.
An Essay
Devoted to the welfare of thou who sutler from tho
effects of self-abuse, presenting means l>y which thi/
may be permanently cured. Sent tree recur*!/
sealed. Address C. K. THOMAS. I’eit o"**s lb
“11*, New York city,
GO.,