i-
it
RATES OF ADVERTISIKO.
ortr!,cncnt calculated by the lach. in length
.uv nininuuuig column SUhCe as per
wsuh Insertion. Basinet Cards, not over live line.
Pt year. Our advertising space Is
limited, and I the space contracted lor tuul t.ot be
t."?- J ?od,c or other advert tM.tnenU
1 1 J? J re".'1 ,oud In respectable lau.ilje pub.
Ilshed. Legal advertisement mnt either I paid
lur In .-1 v iiim v. v
will new rnapoe-
T A uyenisemenl rrota ehioed, ra.u la
1" A"'"UiMntt routlnued until ordered
n uw i iw ia tpcciueit.
hl'lMSCRHTION.
UW."CtY SEw" iHlwriar. ia advance.
tnaTiTTaTTirT
Ween 11 llfi 11 ni't so's ,m jwilain iwVaia m
WKkl
4 weeks
3 month
8 month
mouths
1 vir
a.. II go a CO 14 Wl UU 111 UO 13
oo to 00
oo oui oo ou n no so oo a) oo
8D t no 7 00 10 11 00 M 0O; S3 00
4 00! Oil 00 1 00 in Ml U 00 60 00
C 00! 1 00 l 01118 00 SO 001 4 OUI ta) 00
B Oil 11 01 110 to 00 SO 00 CO oo! HI 00
tt 18 00 HI 00 30 00 4 00! 80 00140 00
I.E0AL NOTICta, 10 cent per Hue 1st time.
a earn tub. time.
f.. .4
XT. T. MeCARTV.
TTORNF.Y AT LAW, OSIce 1 Commercial
L street, kmporle. Kansas.
JiTicct k w cinxixoaax
OCCK A CCNJtl.MOHA-M,
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. Ofilce OTCr Biggs,
Dnnlap A to.' baaa. 3d If
SC. S. WATERRCBT.
ATTORN r.Y At LAW. Room No. 1 EskrldgaH
new building, northwest corner of l-otniurr-
i -.res.-t and 6ih Mi'sw, Esoporla, Kum.
ttv.r-wutr
C. It. IIACUELLEB,
ATTORNEY AT LAW, Emporia, Kansas.
liavlng practiced in the (uperioraad inferior
i-ouim foreikhteen year, be feel ocofldentof ren
derintaUsfacttnn In all needing bu services.
E. B. PAtTON. AXMBBIM OIIXBTT.
J FETTOX OILLETT,
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. Otuce over Riggs.
Dunlap A Co.' Bank, Emporia, Kansas.
wCO-tf
a. m aroxiLK r. rtiaa
bcggiei nrun,
A TTORNEYH AT LAW. Practice la all the
t4nrt in the Fifth, eerenth and Ninth Jndl-
vial 'ltricU.
UOIce No. 144 Commercial street.
iawtf
BUILDER8, ARCHITECTS. Ac.
ROrtrRT H1LLIKEN,
'lOrXTV Sl'KV EYOR, ANII t lVlt. F.NT.I
U NfcKIl, Einimria, Kant.a. 3a-tf
r. r. kpkaock.
CARTKNTKR AND BUILDER. Shop on Tth
Avenue. Irliitrn lommririal and Mcrbanics
t-weet. All ffilU promptly alteudcd tu.
CHARLES YfHRELOCK.
Am IllTKtT and BL'II.KLK. U prepared
lnrnlsh plaai. and aiiecittcatlona for all kin
to
kind
ui inechaniral tmctiirro. J prejiareu to no car-
pentvr and Joiner work, either by the day or con
rai't. Khnp on the corner ol rlj" avtnue and
tonitltutlon urocl. dl-tl
II. A. RAMI-tlN. B. f. IIlOniH.
CHAMPLIN A Hl'GHF.S,
STOSE tX'TTEKS AXDCONTRACTORi. We
are prepared to do all kinds of Mom cnttins;,
uch a window sill, circular cap of any deizu,
dnorkilU, columns, moulilinft. andall work iu the
tone ruttina; line that builder mar drair. They
alo fiirnih bac and sockets for tomlistone. Or
der promptly ailed. Hbop un the rornerof Kourtb
Annua aad Constitution street, Kmpoiia, Kansas.
w&o-tr
PHYSICIANS.
J. J. WKIOllT, M. 1.
o
KKK E over Kmporia Bank. Residence on
Wrl street.
o-tr
J. A. MOO UK, M. It..
iJllYKICIAN AND SCRUKOV. Oltl.e at the
Drug Store of Mooro k. Weaver.
1 I). JACOBS. M. D..
PHTSK.'IAN A H"RKl?f. Oill.-e Hi rick
front liulliUnx ovi-r Lssker Moil clothing
vore. dwt
K. H. ItlOUM. M. II..
PIIYMI IAN AJTDbl'ROEON'. Ofti.ieia Kl(t)r.
Dtinlau A fo.'s building. Kutram-e on Sixth
even ue in4-Htnos
J. 8. LAWitENCE, M.
EUYlf;lAN A SL'UtsEOS. Offlce and rl
XT deu.-v. 10! C'ommer Inl ttrtet, a few loor north
7f the postnfnce. t''jl,t
VM. T. VAIL. M.
SOMEOPATHIBT, (successor to Dr. Dclema
tyr. OIBee in Baneroa's acw block; rel
o on Neosho hill, west of the or n.n? school.
W. W. II IB BEN.
TTJ II Y8ICIAN AND 8CRGEOX. Offlce at Mc-
tr t andli' drog store. No. 181 Commercial street.
Katldence cor. Merchants street and 3d avenue
Professional calls promptly attended to
GEO. M. ANGKLL.
tlvairlAW AKI Ht'RfiKON. offers his pro-
t icslonal services to the people or this city and
rinllv. iteaidence corner of 11th avenue an
aterchaau street. Office in theTribuno building
J. W. TKl'EWORTBT, M. D.
OHTSICIAS AND 8URUEON, Emporia, Kan
I int. Office comer of Commercial street ana
Hizth avenue, over Kiggs. Dunlap A Co's hank
Kealdence cornorot Heventb avenue and Merchant
street. All cails la UU professien promt Uy attend
edu. wSl-tf
LIVERY STABLES.
J. B. W. DAVIS
NEW LIVERY, SALE AND FEED STABLE.
Yo t can get your bones fed with good feed, at
of pria also horses and buggies to let, and teams
r heavy hauling.
jTV CLITELASb'S
gt KXTKA L I.ITF.RY. FEED AND SALE 9TA
j BLK, on Rih Avenue, between Commercial and
Mechanic Htreet, U now open and ready for busl
ness and will famish teams at any time during
She Jay or night. I'aasengerscoaveyed to any part
of the country on liberal term. Particular atlen.
Ion paid to boarding transi-nt stock. wtf
HOTELS.
BCCREYK HOUK.
TlFTIf AVENUE, Emporia, Kansas, near cor
t? ner or Commercial atreet. Blrdiall A Frans,
ProprleUirs
MADISON HOTJSK.
CJIXT1I AVENUE. et of Commercial street
(3 J. I.. Dsl-Toii. Proprietor, furnishes Brt
elau eceommoilatton at most reasnoahle price.
tHaxes leave dally for all po'" Southwest and
West of Kmporia.
dl-tt
7 ROBINSON HOUSE,
TT V. ROBINrflN A SON, Proprietors. Corner
J J. of Mereaants street and Sixth Aveuue. This
Cuum has been re lilted and furnihcd throughout.
and I now open to tne puoiie. mia
and coouect with ail fcastern Itallroail.
CICAR8 AND TOBACCO.
C. W.
MILLER,
ITf M'll.F.HAI K AHP RETAIL
DEALER IN
Aai.t for beat Michigan Fia Cut, 169 Commercial
street, Kmporia. Kansa
dlau-U
CUNSMITH.
AliN A SMITH.
MANirFACTl'RF.RS of and dealers In Rifles
.hott-uns, PUtol. and Siortmeu'a article
t.oinracrr Inl kl root, near tuo umnnuuw.
-,10-tr-dimtf
HARNESS AND SADDLERY.
oias). r
TVKALEtt IN SADDLES.
Kiev kss. M-!I1PS
.v..n cover ud nlastiring hair, o. 1
i .tiHMwiM html E.mnoria. e.Biin.''
JEWELER.
r. m. rnr,
lAKAl.l'K
ivnoiKs WATCHK5AKUJEW-
LLKY, corner room. Iiaucroit i.ioca, ,om-
nerrUI street. Repmrlu doucon snort n""c
and In atiicror siyic.
MISCELLANEOUS CARDS.
E. W. PRTHEBOR.
A
TTOBXKY AT LAW, Reading, Lyon county.
aisntas.
l-40
i. it. rnEMs,
a
ITwRNET AT LAW and Votary Public, Eu
reka, tiretnwiHKl county, Kansas.
Wl.l.Kr. PAV1A. R. MAT BOKI SY
OAVIS DONLET,
TTORNEYS AT LAW, Parsons, Kansn
KLUKKA BOUSE,
W. CUMMINS. Proprietor, corner nrst aud
Main Mtreci. t.nrei., nauaas. piain
house daily for all pans of the State.
tat i
HENRT MARTIN.
VTOTABY PUBLIC, Real Estate Agent aud Li
.TN reused Couveyaucer, Eldorado. Butler Coun
ty. Kansas. Acknowledgments taken. Deeds and
Jilortgage drawn. Taxes paid for non-resident.
All business entrusted to me will be promptly at
tend to
HOTELS.
ELDRIDGE HOUSE.
LAWEEXCE. KAXBAB,
JES. A.. SMITH. Proprietor.
The only first-class bouse in the city. LIT
rev and Feed Stable connected with the house
H Prices reasonable.
First Class House.
TWO DOLLARS PER DAY.
HirBFEE HOUSE,
LA WHENCE, KANSAS,
A. f-KTJTNTR. Proprietor.
TAILORS.
W. E. SCTLIFF CO.,
MECItllANT TAILOH8
rr,nr nldMt elothtoa? house in Kansas. They
1 purchase direct froiu the manufacturers,
ep the larfert Hock of good, pay no rent,
11 more (rood, ft better quality, at lower
t-rl.-e, than say ottMT bouse lu we biaie.
3W-tf n I Ml Mil
TO BUILDERS.
Court House Grotiwood County
SEALED PROPOSALS WILL BE RECEIVED
by the nede-nlt-a-ed, till October SO IStl. at IS
'dork ra., at the nunrr Clerk's office. Eureka.
for tueercctinn of a Ours Uoose and JaU
in Eoreka. Plaas and uteetacAtlona for to pro
posed work ntay be wen at tlte omce of the coonty
llerk In reka, or at the onlre of J. G. Uaakeu,
architect. Lewreoc.
Each bid must ta accompanied by a guarantee
In i We aui of il.isju.eignodby iworespouslble per
oas, Utat the bit bier will enter Into contract la
rase ta award r made to him. Proposals wUl be
rweiTasi ivr viiiaiaw Emrs. or loseoous aasei
Iferth lu the anecldretlons. Paymeots monthly tc
-an. IB ngnv w rTjw.ti any
served. J.LBAkiiv
aadaU bltis 1 rsv-
J. L BAILER,
w. L. dears, Coauxils'rt
ItUU. HB'
JKVaUA.aea.
Volume 14.
TIIE SECRET EEBELLI0X.
The following article under the above
caption ia from the Troy Times. It
brings out the issue between the two
great parties of tbc country so sharply,
forcibly and fairly that we take pleasare
la transferring it to our own- columns
'j We can count on pur linger the years
since gigantic rebellion raged lu the
land. Through years of terror, tumult
and carnage money was freely spent
and blood was bravely shed fair por
tions or tne country were wasted ,by
fire and sword while the desperate con
flict went on. The men ot the North
lought tor law and liberty and the
priceless privileges of social and polit
ical freedom, rue men or the outn
struggled to uphold an upstart oligar
chy and perpetuate the damning insti
tution or human slavery. Like toemen
worthy or each others steel, asking no
favors, face to face they met each other
and sternly, steadily fought U out to the
end. So tar as the manuer of settling
the questions at issue was concerned
that was an honorable rebellion. It
was settled in the open field according
to the rules of modern warfare.
To-day we say the rebellion is crush
ed the slaves are free, there is peace
throughout the land. Is this truer ies.
there is peace io the North, and the
open, the abovebosrd, th daylight re
bellion is crushed, but the secret rebell
ion continues. Instead of the ringiug
yell of the confederate soldiers we have
the midnight howl of tho Ku-Klux
cut-throat- Inxtead of the long lines
of grey gallantly rushing upon the
waiting lines of blue and joining bat
tle in the open day the soldiers of the
secret rebellion, masked and disguised,
with torch and knife and halter, skulk
under cover of the darkness to fall upon
their unexpecting victims. Iu the dead
of night the sleeping and innocent
ones are awakened by the howls of
Ku-Klux assassins, and while the roof
that sheltered them is wrapped in flames
the lash descends upon the shrinking
flesh of the women and children, and
the body of tho father or brother dan
gles from the nearest tree. The confed
erate soldiers lought openly under the
leadership of avowed traitors to the
Government. The Ku-Klux demous
waire a midnight war with the appro
val and encouragement of their Demo
cratic leaders, who, secret traitors, with
loud-mouthed prolcssions of patriotism
work caut'ously and silently in the
darkness, and aid, abet and urge on
their blood-stained tools in this war
for political power. Wheu, where or
in what manner has a Democrat, North
or bo nth, ever been known to denounce
this secret rebellion 'i What Democrat
ic psper in all the broad land ever con
tained ono expose of Ku-Klux deviltries
at the South, or 6pokc one word in con-
demuation of them Day after day, in
the face of all the ghastly evidence to
the contrary, they deny even the exirt-.
tence of the "white brotherhood," or
strive to hide, to palliate or excuse the
atrocities of their Ku-Klux ininious.
Are all these thousands of Ku-Klux
banded together without leaders Are
these continual outrages performed
without a motive or object? lias the
secret rebellion no chiefs or directors?
It has leaders they are Democrats in
tho South, Tammany in the North. It
has a motive hatred of tho Govern
ment and desire for power. It has an
oiect to defeat bv force the reconstruc
tion acts to break up and disperse the
"carpet bag governments," and to re
gain political ascendency at whatever
cost. In the Republican address to
the people of Virginia it is truly said
that it is not the real perpetrators or
these barbarities who most deserve
punishment, but the more cautious in
cendiaries who, wealthy, educated,
skilled in the arts of treason, incite
those ignorant brutes to acts which
they themselves avoid. Who are these
incendiaries? Who are these murder
drs? They are the Democratic leaders
of the North and South they are the
real and greatest offenders. They are
responsible for the condition of affairs
at the South. Were it not for these dis
appointed demagogues, these reckless
aspirants for power and authority, the
bouth would really be as quiet, as peace
able and prosperous as the Democrats
endeavor to prove it to be to-day.
In the copperhead nest of .Northern
Democracy this secret rebellion was
hatched, and the men who are really
responsible for the enormities practiced
at the South walk in our midst. The
leaders of the Tammany Democracy,
who in the North ride rough shod over
law and Justice and rob tho public
treasuries of millions of dollars to carry
on their strugglo to subvert the gov
ernment, obtaiu political power and
avenge past defeats, in the South en
courage rebellion, organizo Ku-Klux
and cut the throats of Lnion men to
accomplish the same object. Let these
leaders accomplinh their object, again
come into power and elect their Presi
dent in 1872, and we must submit to
the loss of everything gained in our
long and bloody struggle, and the war
of the rebellion must be fought over
again. The nation must be vigilant.
These leaders are still strong. They
are reckless and unscrupulous to thus
last degree. They will leave no stono
untured, no device untried, however
wild or wickod it may be, to accomplish
their objictfl, They prate of duty and
patriotism, they take "new departures,"
and profess to accept tho results of the
war and bend in supmission to the law.
They do submit, they do bend, but it is
the shrinking of the beast that crouches
to spring. Let the people uuite to vote
down these Ku-Klux leaders, to reas
sert tho noble principles of tho Keprb-
llcan party and re-elect their President,
or they may look with dread to what
the future may have in store for them
COltrOUATIOS AS THE STATE.
The Lawrence Journal of the 4th
contains an excellent articlo on the
above topic, considered solely in its le
gal or logical, and not in its moral or
political aspects, it is a question which
will be above all others at some time iu
this country, and will create such pop
ular emotion as the world has never
witnessed. The growing power and
aggressive assumptions of corporations,
their interposition in legislative mat'
ters, to protect, perpetuate aud en
hance their power, the concentration of
wealth in a few hands, and the upbuild
iog of monopolies, threatens in time to
replace the government ot the people
bv an alijrarchv of corporate bodies
It is cheaper to define the rights of cor
porations and to heciflre tnem about witn
salutary restrictions now, than to have
to resort to popular uprising to wrest
Inordinate power from them in the iu
ture. learenicorti vommerctal.
KiXSAft JATCRAL HISTORY SOCIETY.
The four annual meeting of the
Kansas Natural History Society, will
be held in the city of Leavenworth, be
ginning on Wednesday morning, Oct
25th, 1871. Two public lectures will
be delivered on Wednesday and Thurs
day evenings of the session by eminent
speakers.
Papers based on original investiga
lion, are expected from all the natural
ists in the States. The unexpected suc
cess of this young society has awaken
ed a desire to have its scope enlarged
so as to embrace iu iu members observ
or and investigators Iu other liuea of
scientific Inquiry. It is expected there
fore that the scope and name or tna
society will be changed at the next
moeting. so that it will become In sub
stance the Kansas Academy of Sciences,
This will be an epoch in the history of
science In our State, The meeting win
be one of unusual importance and in
terest. and will famish a rare opportu
nity for the mutual acquaintance of
scientific men. and for the exchange of
daplicate specimens between naturalists
and the several institutions of the State.
The co-operation of scientific men in
the State ia earnastlr solicited. Free
entertainment will be furnished to all
those attending the annual meeting by
the citizens of Leavenworth. On ar
riving ia the city, members will report
at Brown a drug store, corner or ruin
and Bhawnee straeta.
JpN Feaiti, Prest.
ffW T. Tj in i, hv.
KAKSAS FRUIT AT THE ST. LOUIS
FAIR.
The Democrat of the 5th has the tol
lowing account of Kansas fruits, bear'
Ing off the prize at St. Louis
Among the line displays of fruit, the
Kansas exhibition stands high. Wm
Tanner, president of the Kansas State
Horticultural Association, is the exhi
bitor. The collection, embraces 120
specimens of apples, besides a few
samples of pears. Among the varie
ties the following are especially notice
able for beauty and size Gloria linn
di. weighing 7 ounces Kiutr of Tom'
kins County, 20 ounces Jonathan, Ben
Davis, Nonesuch, Northern Spy Wine-
raps, exceptionally large and luscious,
Scioto Beauties, a new and rich apple,
Wagner Pippins, ete. The following is
tho recommendation by members of the
committee on rruits
After the committee on fruits had
completed their examination, on Mon
day, and made their award of premi
ums, there was placed on exhibition, by
Dr. J. otayman and Wm. Tanner, Esq..
committee on behalf of the Kansas im
migration Society, one hundred and
twenty varieties of apples, which for
beauty and size, we have never seen ex
celled. We the undersigned, of the
committee on fruits, believing that such
a a exhibition should not bet passed
without favorable notice, would recom
mend that the Agricultural and Me
chanical Association give the Kansas
immigration Society a diploma, for the
best exhibition of apples.
JiENRY J AlUDD,
Carlos Sandees,
Of the Committee on Fruits,
i
INCIDENTS OF THE GREAT FIRE.
The following incidents of the great
Are in Chicago were prepared for the
associated press, and were crowded out
of our last paper. They are of such in
terest that we give them here
HOW TUX FIRE ORIGINATED.
Late on Sunday evening, a farmer
went to a stable on Dekoven street,
near the river, on the west side, to milk
a cow, carrying with him a kerosene
lamp this was kicked over by the cow,
and the burning fluid was scattered
among the straw. This was the light
ing ot the great lire. A single extin
guisher on the ground or active work
by the police in tearing down ono or
two shanties would have prevented the
spreading of the flames; but tho en
gines wore waited for, and when they
arrived tho firemen were stupefied by
exertion. At the lire on Saturday night
they worked hard and their efforts
were unavailable. The wind from the
southwest blew a gale aud rapidly the
flames shot Ironi Iiouho to house, and
board yard to board yard, until tho dis
trict was burucd. Meanwhile, the
flames cro.-scd to the south side and
made for the brick and stone business
blocks, tho railroad freight depots and
manufacturing establishments: the run
extent of the danger was then realized
for the first time.
A L08T OPPORTUNITY.
The lire department already tired.
worked like heroes. The Mayor and
his city government that had supinely
rested, now began to exert themselves.
but the opportunity had been lost. J. be
time when strongly organized, they
could have blown up buildings or pre
pared for the emergency, was neglect
ed. It was now a fight for life. It be
ing Sunday, the proprietors and em
ployes were at home, apparently un
conscious of what was transpiring and
those who saw the names supposed it
was the remains of Saturday night's
fire, and having confidence in the fire
department were unconcerned but be
tween 11 and 12 o clock a rumor cot
abroad that the fire was in the business
portion of the city, and then the people
ommenced running; horses were
brought into requisition to take pro
prietors and others to the conflagration
what a scene met their eaze I All that
tho men could do was to blow up build
ings, but this availed but little. It
seemed that no sooner had the flames
struck a wall than they went directly
tt rough in a very few minutes, suffi
cient to destroy the most elaborately
built structure. The wall9 melted and
the structures were consumed.
U0W THE PEOPLE FOUGHT.
At ono time so hemmed in were the
people that it was expected thousands
must perish, una diock in all the vast
business section remained at daylight,
tho T ribune block, and those who had
fought the flames here thought this
bloct could be saved. A patrol or
men, under Joseph Medill, swept off
the coals and put the flames out on the
sidewalks, And anotner lot of men, un
der direction of Hon. Joseph Medill,
were on the roof. At half-past 7
o'clock this appeared to be safe and
most or the men went to get rest or
food, but there was a change of wind
and the flames reached Wabash avenue,
State street, Michigan avenue, aud soon
McVicker's theatre caught fire. In a
lew moments the l ribune was in flames
and by ten o'clock in tho morning this
block was in Rhes.
REMARKABLE SIGUTS BUFFERING LAMBS.
Now was to be soon the most remark
able sights ever beheld in this or any
other country. There were from fifty
to seventy-live thousand men, women
and children fleeing by every available
street and alley to the south aud west
ward, attempting to save their lives
aud clothes. Every available vehicle
was brought into requisition for use.
and for which enormous prices were
paid. ThouKauds of persons aud horses
nextricably commingled, poor people.
of all shades and colors aud every na
tionality struggled with each other to
et away; hundreds were trampled un
er foot men aud women were loaded
with bundles, and their household goods
to whose skirts were clinging infants,
who were half-drcsecd aud bare-foot
ed, all seeking a place of safety. Hours
afterwards these might have been seen
in vacant lots or on tho streets, far out
iu the suburb streets in the dust. These
are the suffering lambs whom Christ
now calls on the rich to feed and clothe.
God help them the heart of man shall
not prove obdnrate. One of tho most 1
pitiful sights was that of middle aged
women on State street, loaded with
bundles, struggling through crowds
singing the "mother goose melodies"
-rr"Cbickcry, chickery crany crow, I
went to the well to wash my toe," &c,
&c. There were hundreds of others
likewise distracted, and manv were ren
dered delirious by whisky or beer.
which, from excess of thirst in the ab
sence of water, they drank in great
quantities and spread themselves in
every direction. It Is fearful to think
of the loss of life. We saw four men
enter a burning building and in a mo
ment tney were overwhelmed by a fall
ing wall. There was a crowd of men
around a corner of a building trying to
save property, when tho wall yielding
some or them were buried beneath it.
Those were on the south side. On the
west side, twelve or fifteen men, wo
men and children rushed Into tho build
ing Of the historical society, a fire proof
building, for safety in a tew minutes
flames burst up and they were burned
to death. Among them is the vener
able CoL Lewis Stone, long connected
with the society. He was eighty years
of age. All the books and papers of
the historical society, including the or
iginal copv of the famous emancipation
proclamation or President Lincoln, for
which the socioty paid 325,000, was de
stroyed. It is feared that a large num
ber of children, inmates of the catholic
orphan asylum, on State street, as also
burned, as many of them are missing.
On Chicago avenne a father rushed up
stairs to carry three children away,
when be was overtaken with flames and
pensned with them. The mother was
afterwards seen on the streets on the
northwest side, a raving maniac In
the same neighborhood a family of five
persons perished.
STREET SCENE.
It was now midnight. The heavens
were lighted up with a lurid glare, the
vast surging multitude' s waved to and
fro, whila above the roar of the wind
and the crackling of the flame, rose
the eon fused noise of shouting men and
Willing women. If erchant war srath.
ering tjd their most valnahl articlaa.
ft if Hi JNspen; UaAlord
EMPORIA,
were arousing their guests, and advis
ing hasty departures men, loaded with
most precious articles of the household,
followed by awe-stricken women and
rHntic children, were rushing from the
fire-deamon as rapidly as the thronged
condition of the street a would admit
women, separated front their families,
gave utterance to shrieks that rang clear
and shrill above the horrible roar of the
of the devouring flame and tue wua
moan of the wind as it swept the fiery
deluge along in its marcn oi ruin.
A litHA atiee 19 V!orfe the CTUestS
of
tha larre boarding houses in the neigh
borbood of State aud Adams streets,
X7 ore tnrn.n linrriHAd into the streets to
swell the vast multitude already abroad.
ALONG THE LAKE SHORE.
The intense heat of the fire in the
citv had forced the vast multitude col
lected along Michigan avenue back to
the furtberest verge of the beach, and
southward into the Lake park and even
down to Cottage Urove. the day
found not less than 75.000 people ex
posed to the wind and mist of the lake,
who had been but a few short hours be
fore surrounded by the comforts of
home.
Many in the vast throng of anxious
spectators of the awful scene had been
startled by the first alarm, and left their
homes supperleas but the nlglt passed
and dav came again, bringing no pros
peete of breakfast. The sun mounted
toward the zenith, and yet the gnawing
of hunger was not appeased. The
scene became pitiable in the extreme.
Thousands of children who had never
known what it was to want even for
the luxuries of life, now piteous! y cried
for bread they could not get. Men with
haggard loot and bloodshot eyes, wear
ied bv exertion and anxious care, un re
freshed by slumber or food, moved
about with a listless air, and it spoKen
to frequently returned for an answer a
vacant, meaningless stare, as n reason
and the power of utterance had vanish
ed together.
The dav wore slowly away and still
thousands had takeu no rood. The
cries of the children became more bois
terous women wept, aud even strong
men bowed in unutterable agony.
The wind blew clouds of dust, ashes
and smoke iuto their very faces, and
enveloped and covered them up until
they scarcely wore the semblauce of
human beings. Nothing x ever saw,
nothing I ever read about, nothing the
imagination ever conjured up, ever pre
sented to my mind so horrible a picture
of human woe, as tha scene 'witnessed
by tho lake side on that terrible eve
ning. There rolled up the dark, por
tentious clouds of smoke, mingled with
the red tonguea of flame, mounting
high up iuto the heavens, that told of a
devastated and rniued city. Here were
the inhabitants, hurried out iuto- the
streets almost without warniug; away
from their homes, destitute of every
thing that could minister to their com
fort; crying for bread, weary with
watchiug, and awe-utricken by the ex
tent of their misfortunes. It was al
together such a scene as the world has
seldom witnessed.
The red sun went down behiud the
smoke cloud. The mautle of night
rolled over the ruffled waters of the
lake. The lurid fire-light of the still
burning city cast a great glaro over the
scene. But never in the history of man
has a day closed so 6adly to so many
hundreds ot thousands of people watch
ing by the smouldering ruins of their
homes. Never.before has night fallen
on ruins eo vast, so suddenly made.
THE DEAD AND DYING.
Aud in another place seventeen thous
and Germans and Irish praying for re
lief, helpless children asking for bread,
heart-broken parents who know not
wh ch way to turn, or what to say,
nothing to do but to await the distribu
tion of supplies, which, at best, must be
a slow proceeding, as there arc parts of
the burnt district over it is almost im
possible to travel women in the pains
of childbirth, and patients who have
been raised from beds of sickness to
save lives that at best were nearly
spent, all exposed to the rain of last
night and the cold, raw winds of to-day.
Several deaths have occurred in Lin
coln park, and three women have
brought children into the world only
to die. There are people, who, in the
bitterness of their souls ascribe the ca
lamity to God's judgement. A German
said to me "This is a secoud Sodom
and Gomorrah, and the curse is on it."
Another night must be spent in Lin
coln park and the brick fields at Divi
sion street, and yet another and an
other. THE CnOCLS AMONG TUE RUINS.
No sooner was the extent of the dis
aster known abroad, than the ghouls of
the race, who ever haunt scenes of dis
aster and misfortune, began to gather.
lbievcs mingled with the great stricken
multitude and busily plied their voca
tion even in that diro hour of calamity.
Villains seized upon the fleeing inhab
itants as they came from their blazing
homes, and endeavored to take what
little remained to them, saved from the
general wreck. Hackmen and express
drivers and car-men seemed to have
lost all conscience, and charged fabu
lous sums for conveying a load from
the scene of destruction to a safe dis
tance. Men who had large sums of
money, endeavoring to convey it to
places of safety were set upon by
thieves, even in the streets, in the garish
light of their consuming houses and
robbed of their remaining all
One instance is know where a back
man charged a distracted husband $250
to convey his invalid wifo from his
burning homo to a place of safety.
Twenty-five dollars was regarded as a
very moderate charge for an express
wagon to carry a load ten squares, $50
and S100 were frequently demanded
and paid for tho use of a team aud
wagon for half an hour. It seemed that
half the people of this class had turned
out to be thieves and robbers of the most
dangerous character. Instances aro
known in which hackmen agreed to
convey ladies from the sccno of disas
ter to places of safely, and when a little
way from the crowds, deliberately rob
bing them of their jewelry and what
ever other valuables they might havo
about them, and then turning them out
of their cabs to take care of themselves.
When the fire was raging along La
Salle, Clark and State streets, and
sweeping towards Washington and
Randolph toward the North, tho great
commercial houses were thrown open,
and an etiort made to save the most
valuable goods. The harvest of thieves
began at this time, The police had lost
control. Those intent on profiting by
the fire now went in with great zest.
They loaded themselves with tber rich
est goods and sought a place of con
cealment. A banker had a cash box in
his hand containing $50,000, which he
was endeavoring to convey away. Three
desparadoes seized upon him with the
intention of robbing him. To prevent
it, ne trcw the box with Its valuable
contents into the fire, ratner than yield
to these ghouls of disastrous fate.
JOAqnx SILLER.
Of this new celebrity, the S. F. Bul
letin, aays "He is undoubtedly to be
ranked among our most promising of
young poets. There is no mistaking
his quality. Even his crudest efforts
bear the stamp of that informing gen
ius that draws la its inspiration from
the soul of nature." The Bulletin then
says:
"The Eastern critics are given to an
nouncing new discoveries. Last year
they tried to palm oft Bret Uarte as a
newly found Pacific coast gem, foond
not by us but by themselves. More re
cently they have been shouting them
selves hoarse over what they are pleas
ed to consider the finding of another
"California poet," and a poet, too, ef
whose existence no one on this side of
of the mountains dreamed, to-wit:
Joaquin Miller, whose volume, Songs
tftho Sierras, ha just been published
from the English edition by Roberts
Brothers, Boston. This la modest to
say the least. Now, it to happen that
Mr. Miller ha been for year a familiar
man to readers of poetry on the Pacific
coast. Hi claim were recognized and
his claims conceded long before he waa
ever heard of on the other aide of the
eostueat. If we tld mot re
KANSAS, OCTOBER 20, 1871.
him it was because we are less given to
literary sensationalism here than there.
Two years and a half ago the Evening
Bulletin reviewed a volume of poems
published in Oregon, entitled Joaquin
et aL, in which it is said: "He (Mr.
Miller) is a real, live, wide-awake poet
he is something more than a phrase-
coiner, lie possesses a qmcs percep
tion of the beautiful, and considerable
imagination and lyric power. He ha
studied the physical aspects of nature
to some purpose, ills muse 1 some
what rude of speech, but we are toler-
ent of one who comes to us witn a gen
nine message aud delivers it in the
spirit of truth." This estimate of Mr.
Miller s confirmed by a perusal of the
Songs of the Sierras. We find nothing
to qualify and little to add. A good
deal of silly stuff baa been written
about him, both as a man and a post
and if he is not spoiled by the pufferv
of bis publishers and the flattery of
bis new-made friends, it will be good
evidence that he has the true stuff in
him."
A WONDERFUL MACHINE.
It Laughs, Talks and Sings.
A persevering Frenchman once con
structed a machine. In the form of a
duck, which could walk, clap its wings,
pick up grains of corn; and more won
derful still, digest them, but a machine
capable of talking was supposed to be
beyond the power or unman ingenuity
to construct. Kempelen, a German,
made a number of puppets, that utter
ed tho words "papa" and "mamma."
but after devoting his life to perfecting
them, bo asserted that a machine which
could utter ail the word in use in
European languages was an impossi
bility. After bis death, bis puppets be
came dumb, no one understanding the
mechanism by which they were made
to speak. Kempelen's impossibility
has been at last overcome. In 1841
Prof. Fabcr exhibited a machine which
could utter a great number of sounds
and words, but it was by no means per
fect. His nephew took up the machine
which his uncle had failed in perfecting,
and completed it. After exhibiting it
before all the crowned heads and scien
tific societies of Europe, he has brought
it to this country, and yesterday gave
an exhibition of it in private. The
macjiine which stands on a small table,
consists of a complicated arrangement
of rubber tubes, reeds, keys, pedals,
strings and wires. The lungs are rep
resented by a small pair of bellows, the
glottis by reeds and pipes of different
sizes, the lips and tongue by pieces of
mdia rubber, lieneath the table is a
pedal by which the bellows are work
ed, and on the right hand side a scries
of keys on which are marked the let
ters O. TJ. I. E. L. li. W. F. S. B. D. and
G. With these aud some supplemen-J
tary arrangements, an sounds used in
tbc European language can be enuncia
ted. There is also an arrangement re
sembling the key-board of a piano, by
which tho machine ean be made to
sing. Every portion of it is open to
view, so that no deception is possible.
Yesterday the machine, under the deft
hands of Madame Faber enunciated dis
tinctly all the letters of the English and
German alphabets, numerous long and
most difficult words, such as "Constan
tinople," "Politzka," "Mississippi,"
"Kadetzky," "hurrah," and then darted
off into long sentences in English, Ger
man and French, winding up with a
laugh of the most uatural kind, follow
ed by hisses, groans and murmurs.
Every word proposed was pronounced
at once, and without the slightest hesi
tation. Of course some words were
more clearly enunciated than others,
but the majority were given more clear
ly than the majority of human beings
pronounced them, and even the nasal
twang which French people often adopt
was cioseiy imitated, in x'roi. iabefs
machine, the motions of the mouth and
tongue imitate precisely those of hu
man beings. Different keys or tones
can be given by proper manipulation
of tho pedals. Taken altogether, the
"talking machine-" is a wonderful speci
men or man a ingenuity. Whether it
can ever be anything more is doubtful.
It cannot be applied to any practical
purpose, unless, indeed, dumb or weak-
nerved and feeble-voiced persons should
choose to purchase them and uso them
as mediums through which to address
the public.
Prof, t aber, we believe, intends to
exhibit his machine in public as soon as
arrangements can be made for that pur
pose. The singing portion of the ma
chine not being in order yesterday, we
were unable to determine what merit
tho invention possesses as a vocalist.
y. T. Times.
GREAT FIRES.
Tho great fire in New York of De
cember 19, 1835, swept the first ward
east of Broadway, and below Wall
street, destroyed 64S stores and busi
ness houses, including tho Merchants'
Exchange, involving a loss of $18,000.-
000. The great fire in London that
broke out September 2, 16CC, and lasted
lour days, destroyed about five-eighth
of that portion of the city within the
wans, me burned area was a space or
one mile long and half a mile broad, and
the value of buildings, goods and other
property destroyed was S60,000,000.
The fire that destroyed Moscow, Sep
tember z, J.stz. lasted many days, and
destroyed 30,800 houses, and entailed a
loss of 1150,000,000. Only about 6,000
houses in the city were left standing,
and the streets were unrecognizable.
This was not an accidental lire, howev
er; the city was burned by the Rus-
sians.to prevent it from affording winter
quarters to Napoleon's army. The great
fire in Hamburg that broke out May 5,
1S52, and raged four days, also, burned
over one-eighth of the city and destroy
ed 1,747 houses. The latest series of fires
in Constantinople, and one of the most
destructive that ever visited that ill-
built city, occured in 1852, and destroy
ed 3,500 houses, nearly all of them wood
en structures. The fire in St. Louis, in
1840. when almost the entire business
portion of the citv was burned, involv
ed a loss of something ever $3,000,000.
The destruction of Chicago will proba
bly prove to be greater than that of any
of these great historical conflagrations,
except that of London and that of Mos
cow and it may exceed that of Lon
don. The burned area Is an immense
district the number of houses destroy
ed is already estimated at 10,000 and
It may be truly said that the city itself
is burned to the gronnd.
LITTLE "TAD" A5D THE MUSED
SOLDIER.
I waa in Washington the day Presi
dent Lincoln was shot. I went to the
White House in the forenoon with a
crowd of person who were anxious to
see the President. The large anteroom
was literally crowded with officers and
civilians judges, Senators and mem
bers of Congress, soldiers and citizens
waiting for an interview. There were
no seats in the room, and men passed
the weary hours in standing as best
they could.
Those who passed np to the Presi
dent' room that morning saw standing
near the stairs a maimed soldier. He
appeared stricken with poverty and
sorrow. His uniform was soiled and
torn. He had but one leg and looked
friendless and forsaken. He said noth
ing; no one spoke to him; but even
the young, rigorous and hopeful, cast a
look on the tattered boy in bine, evi
dently anxious and yet afraid to mount
the stairs. He had some message that
lay heavy on hi heart, some great
wrong to be redressed or eome great
boon to asK at the hand of the Presi
dent. Pushed aside like the poor man
at tho pool, he had no friends at court
and no influential arm to lead him op.
He maintained hi position through
most of the forenoon, standing wearily
onbi crutches for there wa no place
to tit and he eyed the throng they
drifted np and down the Presidential
ctairs.
Abont eleven o'clock 'Tittle Tad,"
the President' son, entered the crowded
anteroom leading the maimed soldier,
whom he had picked np below. The
aldiar rtanserl on the threshold ia dis
may. He seemed appalled at the eight
before him- Generals, judges and Sen
ator in waitfn? for ejaaadlen, and.
I
what could he hope in auchs crowd?
Shame seemed to mantle hi face like a
veil when he looked at his tattered,
untidy garb among the grand persons
that surrounded him- Not so his little
usher. Pulling his companion forward
with words of encouragement and
smiles, he led him on till he reached the
door before which the grim usher stood,
saying to every new comer, "The Pres
ident is engaged, sir yon must wait.'
The priviledged pet of the White House
was disgusted with the check put upon
his freedom, no insisted upon leading
the soldier directly into the presence of
hi father. He attempted to force his
way through, but his puny strength
onld not resist the man-at-arms. The
young soldier desired to withdraw from
the contest,- He quailed under the eyes
of a hundred men, some of them the
first generals of the land. He attemp
ted to retreat, but little Tad held him
to his position. He resorted to tactic
often tried and said never tq have
failed. He screamed at the top of hi
voice, "Father, father, they won't let
me come in." The well known voice
struck the ear of Mr. Lincoln in the
midst of his discussion. He arose, pen
in hand, and went to the door.
A the well known form appeared
little Tad pushed the soldier in, and the
door closed. Taking him aside Mr.
Lincoln learned the necessity of his
case. The wounded man toici bis com
plaints to one, who, if he heard at alL
heard the story through. At once he
granted his request, and little Tad with
a face radiant with smiles led the soldier
back to the stairway, gave a loud whis
tle, threw up his heals and disappeared
through the doors of the private libra
ry of the President. Shortly after, the
private secretary appeared at the door
of Mr. Lincoln's room and said
"Gentlemen, the President will re
ceive no more to-day."
With that proclamation Mr. Lincoln's
public levees ended. Almost hi last
official act was to hear the sad story and
afford relief to a friendless boy. That
night he left the White House never to
return-
THE SIN OF BORROWING TROUBLE.
Such a habit of mind and heart ia
wrong, because it puts one Into de
spondency that ill fits him for duty. I
planted two rose-buds in my garden
the one thrived beautifully, the other
perished- I found the dead one on the
shady side of the house, our disposi
tions, like our plants, need sunshine,
Expectancy of repulse is the cause of
many secular and religion lauures.
Fear of brankruptcy has uptorn many a
line business, and sent the man lodging
among the note-shavers. Fear of slan
der and abuse has often invited all the
long-beaked vultures of backbiting.
Many of the misfortunes of life, like
hyenas, flee if you courageously meet
them. How poorly prepared for reli
gious duty is a man who sits ciown un
der tho gloom of expected misfortune
If he prays, he says "I do not think I
shall be answered." If he give, he say
"I expect they will steal the money
Helen Chambers told me that her fatti
er, Thomas Chambers, in the darkest
hour of the history of the Free Church
of Scotland, and when the woes of the
land seemed to weigh upon his heart,
said to his children, "Come, let us go
out and play ball or fly kite," and the
only difficulty in the play was that the
children could not keep up with their
father. The McCheynes and the Sum
merfields of the Church who did the
most good cultivated sunlight. Away
with the horrors I They distill poison
they dig graves; and if they could
climb so high, they would drown the
rejoicings of heaven with sobs and
wailing. De Witt Talmage.
G EXERTION OF PETROLEUM.
The recent developments of the re
productive power of petroleum wolls
that had been for some years abandon
ed because they were believed to have
been long ago exhausted, is not alone a
matter of value to the owners of the
territory that was until lately presumed
to be incapable of further production,
but it affords a more trustworthy basis
than any the world has hitherto been
able to obtain for forming on approx
imately correct opinion concerning the
chemical process wherebv petroleum is
generated. Until within a few days, a
X'upuiar upiaion prevailed mat petrole
um, in spite of its name, waa the pro
duct of coal, and so nearly was this
idea general among most people, that
many foreign receiver of petroleum
are still accustomed to order it as "coal
oil." The belief, however, that the
teercne oil of Pennsylvania and Canada
is exclusively the product of bitumin
ous coal may now safely be pronounced
to be an error. There is certainly no
evidence that coal is not one of the sub
stances from which petroleum mav be
distilled but, at the same time, it ia a
somewhat strange fact, allowing a
proper degree of credit to the belief
that coal does enter into the composi
tion of petroleum, that no coal beds
susceptible of being worked are known
to exist within fifty miles of the oil
producing territory. Again, it is a
roamiest and recognized fact that car
bon does predominate as an intergal
essence of petroleum and the other
fact that tho oil territory of Pennsyl
vania is surrounded by bed of bitum
inous coal, render it Imminently rea
sonable to believe that coal enters large
ly if not, indeed, more largely than
any otner suDstance into the process
of distillation whereby petroleum is
produced.
Petroleum ia entirely a mineral oil.
But whatever may be the number and
chemical variety of the mineral from
which it is formed, the distillation of it
is more intimately associated with lime
stone than with any other mineral.
Sandstone is also found in boring oil
wells, but it is from the pore of lime
stone that, in the chemical process of
extracting oil from the mineral found
in connection with its production, the
greatest quantity of petroleum ia taken.
It is singular that in boring for oil no
coal has ever been found, even in small
est auantiries. white sand, sandstone
and limestone abound. The inference,
therefore, cannot be escaped that petro
leum is the product of the distillation
of at least two, and probably more than
three distinct mineral properties, in
the proEess of manufacturing refined
oil, the crude article yields three differ
ent minerals. So far as concerns the
contribution by coal of an Integer In
the chemical process by which petrole
um la produced in and from certain
geological strata, it may be remarked
that the "shale" oil produced from bi-
tuminiouB coal in England ia very dif
ferent from American petroleum, in
tnat American naptna mnst be used in
order that the latter mav be burned in
lamp. Another fact that favor the
inference that petroleum is mainly pro
duced from or generated through lime
stone, I that petroleum has been ex
tracted from limestone found In the
neighborhoods of Chicago and of Terre
Haute, Indiana. In regard to the pro
ductive powers recently developed In
the Pennsylvania territory, believed to
have been exhausted, It affords two
tavoraoie presumptions xirst, a a
partial assurance that the distillation of
petroleum is a continuous process and
next, tnat the formerly abandoned ter
ritory was given nn because the ma
chinery for extracting petroleum from
tuo earcn exceeded in Its power oi ex
hausting the fluid, the genitive power
by which it is produced. Iron Age.
Powzb or a Hosx Scent. "There Is
ono perception that a horse possesses,
that but little attention has been paid
to, and that ia the power of scent.
With eome horses it is as acute aa with
the dog; and for the benefit of those
who have to drive nights, snch as phy
sician and others, this knowledge ,i
invaluable. I never knew it to fail, and
I have ridden hundreds of mile dark
nights and in consideration of this
power of scent this is my simple ad
vice: never cheek your horse nights,1
but give him a free head, and. yon may
rest assured that he will never get off
the road, aad will carry you expedi
douily and safely. In regard to the
power of scent in horse, I once knew
one of a pair that wa stolen; and re
covered mainly by hi track being made
oat by his mate, and after be had been
bsjeot ft or eljht hoitrm."
BAXK.
H. C. Caasa, Pres.
B. B. Htrasv.CatfcT
Neosho Valley Bank.
EMPORIATlATySAa.
will no A
General Xl an lei DIE Buslnee.
Will bay susd sell Farelrw tusd Kaetora Sa
ebanra. Geld and hilver. and al
kinds of C. B. Soearltlotv
WIU bay aad sell Seboel Roads mad other
mlaeellaneoma aemritiea am
Tirmralasl-irwa ONLY.
Collections promptly attended to aad remit
ted for an day of ssysusl st cur
rest rsUaa of excaaace.
Interest svllawad a time deposit.
DIRECTORS: E. R. Roldarmaa, 8. J. Craw
ford. Waa. MarUndale, K. U. Hurst and H. C.
Cross. imw5-t
CANDY FACTORY.
Emporia Candy Factory
MORRIS BOTTCER.
ataaofaetarert of Choice and
PURE CANDIES,
Wholesale and Retail,
At Tr(-e competls with larger cities. The
choicest
FOItKION FRTJIT8 fe IsfTJTS
Always on hand.
85-tf
WHOLESALE GROCERY.
A LD. A. BAKER, JOPENOCK St BAKKR,
Emporia, ltwrence
AID. A. BAEEE CO.
WHOLESALE
HL O 23 JSL B
Axn
Commission Merchants,
DEAJ-BEH IH
FLOUR, NAILS, GLASS.
POWDER,
AND CONFECTIONERIES.
Opposite th Canrt House,
EXPOBIAt KATIMS.
wm-tf
MEDICAL.
Tonio or Heal tli
PURE BLOOD
With CEHTArNTY aad in abundance by SUEI
and BKI.IAbLS medicines of KMOWa IKQBED
IEfTS and isfety, and unquestionable EFFICI
ENCY. TKAM6CENDKHT In Iks ADAPTATION
to give TONE and STRENGTH to the DIGESTIVE
orjrans, PURITY to the BLOOD, cleans leg its dis
orders; and ARREST and healing or TCBEOCV
LAK formations. Is the following recipe
TONIC OF HEALTH
FOE THE
STOMACH.
Dissolve l. (6) drachms Ferrl SrJnb. la one (1)
o. boiling water. Dissolve one (1) os. sodae Phosph.
ia two o boiling water; mix the solution.., and
wash the precipitated Paosph. or Iron till the
washings are tasteless; with q. a. dil. a!rb. Arid,
dUsolve c.xcil (193) grs. Quininee Bulpn. in two
oc ot water. Precipitate the Quinia with Amrao
nla water and carefully wash Is. IMssolve tha
Pbosph. of Iron and the Quinia thus obtained, a,
also, vi. grs. pure Strjchniae crystals in q. a.
dil. PhOMb. Arid. Add all the fta-ha. Alb. aolu-
ble. Dissolve the whole, addinc two IF) drachms
Kxt. Capsienm Frutesoens, adding two like
parv pure DHcnr. or r. ireuacnng patatarue ana
preservative.) This is the
"T0HIC OP HEALTH"
For the LCVeS or THROAT, Ibr the STOMACH,
lor the BLOOD, a aa AFPBT'ZEB, end Ibr all
Sororatoaa or tumsbctjlar diskase.
PHYSICIANS
Will Dbserre at occe that to order StKG LB EOT
TLK8 made up from thle meeertptSoa (fwasala
r let DE. X ASTOM, J4ed. Heed of Olnsgew
CTaareereitav Scotland, require that the Drnjr
gist be a SSJLLEU CHEMTLST. Teqnlrea SPECI
ALLY ADAPTED eeesela, raWres THREE
DATS for the CHEITICAL CHAGAS aad ma
alintlerioa, aad tbereftrre at east ef 13 so H mr one
bottle wherees Drnasista svll our
'Totvie or WealtH'1
At II for 8-oa. aad 89 cent for 4-ec boctlei nf the
hlesasvderd ef CHEKICAL AND KEDICI
HAL purity, and re authorize am. aerooiers to
waaaaxy ACABajrrnttirne44 waxA-ma
and caac back tss cm to as. SoM by
'JSlffSSf I0'' epeetal rata
SeeSWr"
f"5P- TOXTf: TtTrx-m
(Tracer eastern to
dose. TbsTEBI
rer tae UTKJt
Poriale by Moore A Weaver, only aataortaed
A TO LIVER TTTJjB
rise boMJes ,16 easts), rae trin a
BEST praHrlMlsa aUttfWN
asMf sise SMOS.
Number 42
GROCERIES.
W. M. WICKS.
BARBT MATSE
WICKS HAYSE,
DHALKB IN
Grocerie s
PROVISIONS,
-AND
Farm 'Machinery.
Will Pay th Highest Market Price for
ALL KINDS OF COUNTRY PRODUCE.
ABE AGENTS FOR
WALTER A. JFOOXS
k
Reapers and Mowers.
McCormick'a Reapers Blowers,
FIhIi flroVi lYagoiiB.
UITEnA-lf,
A full supply ot repairs constantly ou band
for all our machines.
KO. 198 COMMERCIAL STREET,
Emporia, Kansas.
wl8-tf
R. THOMAS.
isaiah joints.
THOMAS J0HES,
DEALERS is
Flour, Feed,
etc., etc.
10G Commercial Street, Op. Court
House,
Emporia, Kansas.
Country produce bought and sold.
w9-tf
GEO. W. FREDERICK,
DKALFS IN
PHOTIMO'lfl, FlyOlB,
Grain and Country Produce,
No. t H Avepue,
EMPORIA,
dlSI-tt
KANSAS.
6SO. DOWDSL.
J.I.. W. Bill
D0WDEL BELL.
WHOLESAL AND BIT AIT, DCALtH IN
1XO Commercial Street,
EMPORIA,
KANSAS
Agents for American Powdsr Company,
Or bT. LGUI3. MO.
Jjgrkt Pries Paid for Produe.
REAL ESTATE.
O.S.BACRKU.B, WBt. JOWM, t.T. nXWtTOK
County AU'r. ApPAMon. A try at Law
Panhof for frmoe 9, Pinlrerfnn
uuimuitui) uuuuo uc i inituiiuii
eal Sstate
AKD
Insnranco Vfj-enteia
103 Commercial Street,
KMPORIA, KANSAS
1,200,000 -Acres
or
Tt. XAJNTy
For sale on Ta Tsaaa Tu a
70,000 Acres
Of splendid tar 4 for tha
NEOSHO COLONY
But little to be paid rbr flre years, balance ia
tve ether eannal parauetvu.
Unimproved Iands
IX
Ltoi, Cbaao, Marlon, Butler,
urcenwoeo, uoncy jtna
Woodson Coantles.
150 Improved Farms,
From 800 to 13,000.
45 Houses and Lots
XIV EMPORIA.
la&ge livt or
UnlmprovsMl LOTS.
THEY PtTBLI9H THE
Emporia Land Advertiser
-Ji" TerarattseasdlrtribaUoa,
New TVCeat TMarlcet.
CAISON 3UNDREM
era epeaed a aark.t v
Opposite true Fostome.
Wnera they will keep oonrtautly ea ba-l
FRESH 3E-A.Q?S;
Of all biada and ot tba beat onalttsr umliiahi
feT. whioh taeywai seU saobeaa as tee ehesp
wafy s-
Kasbes eas pciea paid ibahMea, salts M
STRAYS, NOTICES, CC.
SHEEP FOR SAXI.
I HAVE for sale from 1C0 to 830 head T iltck
beci t- W APPLtB
3.u' Waterloo, Lyon Co, Kansas.
FOESALE.
no s vt tt.'rrii4 r:n i a r"
for uOi. AppK a wy pUoe four
As- l.ur4fnni 119.
SHEEP
AND LAMBS
FOR
SALE.
r IIAVE for sale, on very reasonable terms, 6is
good stock bheep and 300 lamp.
m VPS VT
ss-tr
1S4 Commercial f-t-. Emporia, Ka.
TO BUILDEBS.
SEALED PROPOSALS WILL BE RF.CL1VED
until IS o'clock ra., of Friday, the M or No
vember, for the erection of a frame school bouse,
near Earle creek. Specification, etc, tnaT t
teen at tbe office of BecheUcr A Jones, Laad
Agents, Emporia.
fiy order of tlio BoonL A.J.STKOrD.
414S Clerk.
DISSOLUTION.
THE CO-PARTNERSHIP HERETOFORE Existing-
between the undcrsitmod. In tha lee
business, is this day dissolved by mutual consent.
All debt of said Arm will he settled by H. Simr.n
and At. C. Fitnlan. who will continue tbe busl&e
and collect all accounts. H-slMOJi5j.
J. M-ORflFITH.
EMroai. Sept. SOth, 171. 40-i
A BARGAIN.
-a v ACRES of first-class bottom laud 1W
4J miles northeast of Emporia, about II
acres fenced and broken, 8 acres of wood and
timber, house 10x21. A nice place for a home
and for gardening. Tart on time.
BA.CHELLER JOKEA.
w47-tf Real Estate A cent.
A WATER FLOURING MILL
TO LEASE OR RENT
FOR a. 5, OR 10 YER8 MAIN BUILDIXii.
frame SlxS feet, and three atorles above base,
meat, with aa ell SSao fes-t and two aad a halt
stories high. Has four pair of burs and plenty ot
bolting capacity. Suitable for either custom or
merchant aork, and in a Rood location for either:
one-half mile front Emporia, and In one ef the beat
wheat growing parts ol the State. Rent very low
yearly in aavanee, or quarterly with secartty.
Also new stone building suitable for a wooiea fac
tory also to I had on reasonable term a good
dwelling house near tbe mill. W. T. SOD ITS
39-43
NOTICE
IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT LETTER.- OF At
ministration were tskued to nie on October Mb,
1671, by the Probate Judpa of I.von county, Kan
sas, on tbe estate of Joel ts. Conklin, la e of said
county, deceased, and aU persons having claims
against said estate are hereby notified that they
must present the same to me for allowance withlu
one j ear from said date or they will be deprived
of aav benellt from said estate, and if said claim
bo not presented within three years thav will be
forever barred or anv benellt from said' estate.
All persons Indebted to said eatato are hereby no
ticed to pay tin said claim at once.
SARAH E. CONKLIN.
10-42 Administratrix.
OPriCE SrFKRIKTEKDKKT IKDIAM AFFAIRS.
Lawbinck, Kan, Sept llih,ie?l.
TO ALL TRESSPASSERS
Upon lands within the Indian
Territory, south of Kansas, and
west of Arkansas and Missouri.
The following information and instructions
are received from the Department of the In'
terior, Washington, D. C:
PKPABTMBirr OF TRB INTBBIOB. I
W ASBLMJIOK, X. C. bept A 1811. 1
Hon. H. R. Cix. Act'g Com'r led. Afia'rs:
Fit: I have the bonor to acknowledge tha re
ceipt of your communication, dated August 81st.
In relation to the intrusion by white people upon
what is termed tha Cherokve Country. In thia
communication you refer to letters received from
Sunt. Uoag, aad agents Joba B. Jones and Isaao
Gibron, all of which confirm the report In refer,
once to Intrusions of white people npon such coun
try, and their determination to locate and perma
nently settle on the same.
An examination of tha treaty stipulations in
reference to this country, satisfies me that such
settlements are In violation of the laws and treat
ies of the United Stats), and that they should be
prevented if possible I deem it advisable there
fore that you at once address a communication to
bupt. Uoag, on this subject, in which you wiU te
Cjucst him to give notice of the decision of this d 3.
Sartment In reierence to the Intrusions upon Use
idlaa country, before alluded to, and want aU
persons who have already gone Into the country,
that unless they immediately remove therefrom,
tha Government will take such steps at are neces
sary to effect such removal.
The Superintendent should alto be directed to
notify all white persons. In the future, to desist
from any attempt to settle lathe Indian Tenltory
sonth of Kansas and west of Arkansas and Mis
souri. Should any persons already located la this Ter
ritory rsause to move, 01 should any bereafur, iu
violation of tbe order which you are hereby re
ttnetted to issue, settle within tbe Indian Country,
you will request Mr. iioag to notify your offio. ol
tba fact, la which ease step wiU be taken to re
move such persons from the Indian Country.
Very Respeettully, Ac,
c DELANO, Secretary.
DlFABTaTKHT OF TBB iHTtktOB,
OFPI0B OF IKOIAN AFFAIBS.
Washington, d. c, September ttb, in.)
ENOCH HOAS, Bupt. Indian Affairs,
Lawrence, Kansas.
fllB! Refarrine to vour communication of tba
tSd ultimo, enclosing copy of a communication
xrom agent uioain, relative to tresspasser tnaa
iug aeulemeau in tbe Indian Territory, yen are
informed that tbe aamo, together with a commu
nication from A ft est Jones, upon tbe subject, were
submitted to the lion. Secretary of iha Interior
with report, under date of the 81st ultimo.
Under date of tbe 4th int., the Hon bee re tary
replies to the same, stating that ta examination of
tbe treaty stipulations in reference to this country,
satisfies him that such settlements are in violation
of the laws and treaties of the Cnited btatea. and
that they should be prevented if possible, ne di
rects me, therefore, to instruct you to give notice
of the decision of the Department In reference to
the intrusions Into the Indian Conntry, before al
luded to, and warn all persons who have already
gone into the country, that unless tbey immediate
ly remove therefrom, the tiovcrnment will take
such steps as are necessary to effect such removal.
The lion. Secretary also directs me to instruct
you to notify all whlto people, in the future, to de
sist from any attempt to settle in the Indian Ter
ritory south of Kansas and west of Arkansas and
Missouri; and that, should any person already lo
cated 'n this territory (contrary to law) refute to
move, or. should any hereafter, in violation of sucb
notifications, settle witfein the Indian Country, you
should notily this offlce of the lact. In which rase
steps will be taken to remove such persons from
tbe Indian Country.
In accordance with the foregoing, and la order
to execute tbe decision of the secretary, you will
give notice to tresspassers, bv publication la ibe
newspapers published In tbe vicinity, or by posting
np printed notice, or b both.
Very respectfully vour obedient servant.
II. II. CLL'M, Act'g Com.
In pursuance of the foregoing Instructions, aad
for the inviolate maintenance of the the treaties
referred to, all tresspassers resident upon said
lands, are directed to remove from the laalaa Ter
ritory, without delay, and ail persona seeking
homes therein, are warned against entering the
same lor sucb purpose..
For iniormation the following provisions of tree
tie and law are appended
"Wbbbkas, It being the anxious desire of tba
Government of the United States to secure to thf
Cherokee Nation of Indians a permanent homu
and which shall, nnder the most solemn guaran
tees of tbe United States be, and remain theirs
forever, a home that shall never, in all future
time, be embarrassed by having extended around
it the iiaes, or placed over it the Jurisdiction of a
Territory or State, nor be pressed upon by the ex.
tension, in any way, or any of tbe limits of any
existing Territory or State.'' Preamble to Chero
kee Treaty of 1st.
The United States acree to possess the Cbere
Bees aad to guarantee it to them forever, and that
guarantee Is hereby solemnly pledged of, Ao."
Article t. Treaty of lets.
'-The United State agree to possess tbe Chero
kee aad to guarantee It to tbera lorevar, and teat
cleroTol
And said article, alter describing the boaedarles
of tbe country thus guaranteed to the Cherokee,
eon eludes as follows: -And letters patent shall
be issued by tbe Cnited States as soon as practica
ble for tho laad hereby guaranteed."
The Treaty of 1SU reaiUrm the above promisee
aad pledges oa tbe part of the tioveraanent ef tbe
called State, and authorises tbe President to is.
sue a patent for said lands, executed to the Chero.
kee Isatioa of Indiana, according to tbe provision
of the Act of Congress of May S8, 1830."
"That the land now occupied by tha Cherokee
Nation shall be secured to tbe whole Cherokee
people for their common ase and beceSt, and a
f latent shall b issued for tba same, Ac." Article
Cherokee Treaty ef IMA
..In accordance with the above treaty stipulations
the President of the United States baa issued a
patent executed to tba Cherokee Katlea. for their
land above granted and guaranteed. and to far
as relates to that part of eald lands lying sout h er
Kansas aad west of Missouri and Arkansas, there
h. been no modification or change of title, eacec
that in the treaty of 1864, artlcW u and IS, the
privilege I granted to the United State to settle
civilu-xl Indian upon certain eooditioos, en the
land east of the S6th Meridian, and friendly larti
aas on tbe land west of tbe eame Meridian, ant
It Is distinctly stated that the Cherokee 4. at ion re
tatn the right of possess. on and JuriasUottea ewer
aU or said country west of Seth longitude, untU tt
I s paid for and occupied by said friendly Indians,
and all provision or previous treaties, not tneon.
siatent with the treaty of lWS, are Therein -raaf-flrmed
and declared to be ia fnll fore aad oot&iat;
hfreu shall be eon.trued as an acknowledgment
by the United States, or as a vtMlnajuiiment by
the Cherokee Nation of any claims or demands
npon tbe guarantee of former treaties, exeept a
ls! elwe1 Provided." Article at. Treaty or
la article M of the tame treaty, tbe United
f.i!"?"" lrle ot the Cherokee Ka
tioa the fiaies aad peaeeabie poeson at tbeU
ewjitry, and protection again A interruption or
IT.5T" di n"r.aed eltiieo ef tbe
United state who may attempt to settle on thcii
euEii'i'iJ.'S'10!' tSses7aoT5
fronLfilXro Kation, are prohibited
iJJL lQt2Ul. Cherokee Katlou or remain
!S? .ni.""'x'-'P "a otherwise provided ia
iw2 iIJf, "?d." 'herein made tbe duty of
the United States Indian A root for the Cherokira
aave snob persons, unlawfully residing or o-
journlng therein, removed from tbe Nation, as tbey
mwm w w nxxearter aaay DO, reqaired by the bull,
aa Intercourse Laws of the United States.
1" eompllanoo with a desire of the United
2J?s2i!lSLlii,n iod freedteen there
en. to Creeks hereby cede aa convey tethe t'al-
amwoiv, tu sdi wea a nomr tor sucb
ether civilized Indian as the United Stain.
f S?f 10 f1! thereon, the west half of their ee
tire domain, ta he 111,11 k. n-,----i--
and aontb-7The ealierabaif Zt ld CreelaadT
being retained by them, shall, except as Wein
otherwise stipulated, he' iorevcr iet arrt a
-fc5iiB.,t?1 promise and agree that tie
eea of KT?' iTP .n' -id employ
Si."'1' D1 of any internal im.
TerlfrV nnI. ,I,rmlurt to go Into said
T?u?JZln?l,f?I?in tnrvorae5 and DHc
Cb.'sv'Tre:,1 Article efCaoctaw and
a.Ji. fffPUsnce wiili a desire of tbe Ctjtc.)
Aateato tocate ether Indian aad Aeedsaoa tbere
.Jr'001'" cede and convey to the United
TTyf lScST "i- "-Arti!le a, SeraUolo
Ac of Cengresa to regulate trad aad
intereoorse -with Indian tribe; c Sasiedia
June, 1W4, it is provided la Section It.1 thstaay
parson wbo shall attempt te effect a tettlrtKeua
ef tbe Cnited fetal, te any Iad.isn taihaT 1 T-ri
L'.,f-i Is authorised iV direct thi
fiu r v ssumumii oureet tu
,"7 be employed ta ecb reiaov!
TrsTiLi T" 'im-asiuo issuer By tbe War
veMrtment. Artlei ia m..s 21
on will permitted te settle on aay laada stetenT
sn. tecored or (ranted to Indians, Ac."
I 41-4
J)
it
I
hi
it
s 1
1
:i7
i
1 i
i

h
u
apt. Xadiaa Afaim.
IE
vA.
i