2
ik* §^|icago
Tcnii«lSabaeri9tUti
fAnuiue auvakcz:
DtiSj Edition, per rear, by mail.
Itt-weekly Edition, per year, by mail.
Sunday Edition, per year, by mail. ~®r
Weekly Edition, per year, by mail....*
Ferta of year at the same rate.
Ito prerent delay and mistakes, beanie and fire row
Office address la full, including State and county.
Bemlttanoes may be made either by draltr
Pott Office order, or In registered letters, at «or na*.
*pu»unto errx auyacMBKBS:
Pally, delivered, Sunday excepted,» cents perweek,
OaUy. delivered, Soji'Ut ipcimiml. aft cent* per
idiln— the tbibunb oohpamy
jfo. i£ CanaLsL. Chicago, Hi.
SUNDAY, KOVEiIBEB 19, IBTL
THE t.ATTR FEOHT QTJESTIOK.
Tho letter of Mr. Timothy Wright, pub*
Ilshod elsewhere, states the grounds of his
objections to the sale of the three blocks of
ground on the lake shore, between Monroe
and Randolph streets, to the three railway
companies, which enter the city at that
place, for the erection of a passenger depot.
Mr, Wright's principal objection is, that the
price proposed to ho paid is inadequate—
'that the land can bo sold for more money,
and that, if the railway companies cannot
afford to pay move for it for depot purposes,
the city can afford to let them go to other
places where land is cheaper. As an alter
native. however, he proposes to let them
have what lies 300 feet cast of the oast line
of Michigan avenue as far us the gov
ernment breakwater for $1,000,000.
How much the railroads can afford to pay
for this land depends upon tho cost of ob
taining equally desirable ground elsewhere
and tlio cost of making the change of loi a
tiou. How much the city can afford to sell
it for depends n:u*Uv upon tho advantages to
bo gained by having the depot there as com
pared with the advantages of having the
ground kept for base hall exercise, or con
verted to mercantile uses. It is not strictly
true, though it seems plausible, to say shat
the city cannot afford to sell it to tho rail
ways for less than private parlies;
are willing to pay for it. H i
the United States Government should
wish to obtain it for the erection of public
buildings of equal value and architectural
effect with the proposed passenger station,
the city could well afford to give tho ground
for nothing, and would immediately do so, if
that were a condition of obtaining the
buildings. The city of New York could not
afford to soli tho south end of its City Hall
Park for mercantile uses at any price, but
it can well afford to resign it for the erection
of a new Post Office. If the State of
Illinois should wish to remove its cap
ital to Chicago, our citizens would
undoubtedly grant permission for its erection
on that ground free of charge, undesirable ae
the acquisition might ho. Tho donation of
valuable lauds for tho erection of expensive
buildings is a very common occurrence. The
citizens of tho West Division cotdd easily af
ford to give to the Fort M ayno and North
western Railways ground sufficient for the
erection of a suitable passenger station, in
place of tho unsightly sheds which
they occupy. They could afford
to do this even if they should
buy the land—much more if they could fur
nish it without cost to themselves.
While we think that the city could well
afford, under the present circumstances, to
mako a present of those three blocks to the
railways, especially if they agree to admit
all future railways to the use
of it, and of the tracks and right of way
leading to the same, wo are not in favor of
doing so. These railway companies aro not
paupers. They ate able to buy all tho land
they require. They cauuot afford to pay the
w>a for cars to stand upon
that merchants can afford to p»y it, for
tho sale of goods. Tho railway obtains the
use of as many square feet of surface as the
ground measures and no more. The merchant
multiplies his room by four, live, six, or as
many stories as he chooses to build. The
same amount of money does not measure
them. The question is hot what sum the
city can obtain for the land, but what it can
obtain in the way of money, convenience,
ornament, and public advantage combined.
As tho National Government does not want
it for a Custom House, or tho State Govern
ment for a State House, tho next use for
which it is wanted, most nearly resembling
these, and, indeed, more useful and
•heueticlal to- all classes than either of
these, is that of a great passenger
station. A majority of the property owners
fronting on these grounds are in favor of
the salo to the railways. A majority of the
property owners on Michigan avenue, north
of Park Row, are in favor of it. The idea i
of keeping it for park purposes has been
abandoned by everybody, except, possibly,
the officials of the Board of Public Works,
who seem to bo landscape-gardening still,
crusting islands here, and lakelets there, and
grottoes yonder, with broken bricks and
dilapidated stove pipe, as though they ex
pected the avenue to bo rebuilt with private
residences.
Mr. Wright proposes, by the terms of the
Bale which ho would make, to convoy to the
railway companies all tho ground and water
between Michigan avenue and tho govern
ment works, half a mile from tho shore. It
seems to us that, in purely a dollar and cent
view, the city could hotter afford to convey
the three blocks for $1 Consideration, reserv
ing tho riparian right, and then sell tho re
maining half mile for what it is worth.
TTTE TIBK VARSTTAT. AHD HIS ASSISTANTS.
Tire Marshal Williams and his Assistants,
in their rather long-winded efforts to make
semi-official statements concerning tho fire,
have succeeded in occupying a great deal of
space and saying nothing at all which adds
to the general information. Their united i
testimony amounts to ouly tho fact of estub*
listing that they lost their heads and j
worked in an aimless sort of way, with-
out any organized effort or concert of t
action. It is almost the universal testimony
of Individuals that they saw but Tory little i
of tho fire, and the ffro officials seem to have
been in the same predicament. If any blame i
can attach to them in tbo premises, it is that
they did not check the tire in the outset.
After it had once gained headway, ami lire 1
and wind wore acting together, Fire Mrirshol
Williams and his assistants might as well
have attempted to extinguish tho suu as
to master it. Thus the statements
as to what any one of them did or did not
attempt to accomplish, are simply puerile,
and their quarrels o’*e with the other, are
still more puerile, and, just at this present
time, offensive. If any investigation is to
be had concerning their competency, that in-
Testigation should appertain to the com
mencement of tbe tiro alone. It should dis
cover whether Marshal Williams was on the
ground promptly; whether ho acted
Intelligently and skilfully; whether
his instructions to his assistants
wore such as should have been given, and
whether they were promptly obeyed; and.
lastly, whether he used tho resources at his
command to the best advantage. If he djd
bo. he did all that could have been expected;
if he did not, ho is culpable aud should bo
removed from bis position immediately, and
a more competent man put in his place. That
he did not accomplish anything after the
tire crossed into the South Division aud
started upon its terrible track of devasta
tion is not to bo sot down to his discredit.
Ho conld not have done more if he had had
a legion of steam fire engines, for fire, not
water, was master. Concerning his action,
however, at tho commencement of the fire
there should be a rigid and searching invest
tigatlon.
In the meantime onr Fire Department
should bo organized aud strengthened to
meet any emergency. If there are worthless
moniathe department, aa there probably
arc lot them be weeded out. The steamers
should bo placed in perfect working order,
and amply supplied withhosc Umt can stand
pressure. We are not yet past the danger of
great fires. Thousands of temporary rvood
•n structures have heenjthrovrnnp in a hasty
manner. They virtually rest upon tbo ground
'without foundations. We are approaching
the season of extreme cold and violent
storms, and it will take an unusual amount
of heat to keep these structures worm.
Huddled together as they arc, and hastily
built, .it cannot bo expected that
all of them are secure in their
fines and store-pipes, and there must,
therefore bo a constant
to tho danger of fire, Ibis winter. Xho de
partment should be tborougbly organized
and ©auipped to meet the emergency prompt
ly and efficiently, with a man at its head who
understands his business. Let an Investiga
tion be had at once, and If ilr. Williams is
not the man, let him bo ousted without
delay, and the proper man put in his place.
In the meantime, and until such an
investigation is had, let the Fire Marshal and
his assistants beep out of print. They have
made their statements, and they are not
much more important than the statements uf
Mr. Brown and Mr. Jones would be, who
were only spectators. If they are not better
firemen in deeds than they are in words, they
should make way for better men.
THE DEMOCRATIC PASTY.
Unmoved by the adverse criticisms of cer
t&iu Democratic papers, tho St. Louis Repub
lican insists that the party must submit to 1
that inevitable transformation which the
tremendous events of tho last ten years have
produced, or be annihilated. The constitu
tion which tho party has to defend hereafter
is not, it says, tho constitution of 18C0, but
that of 1870. It then defines what tea*
Democracy, as follows:
Eleven years ago the ultimate formulary of I
Democracy, as given at the South* h 1
not assented to at theKorth, was the Ylrl
Kentucky resolutions of ’9B, which declared th.vt I
each State of the Union was the sole Judge of
infractions of the constitution and of the remedy
for them. This, of course, meant the right oi
withdrawal from the Union. This doctrine un-
Uhed In the smoke of the war; the South te*tcrt
it to the extremist limit of human effort and en
durance, and fulled;and it is, therefore, no longer
to bo thought of.
This is a candid statement of the old Dem
ocratic doctrine, and of the fact that the war
was commenced and fonght out by the reb
els to maintain it. The Jiejmhltvan concedes
that the party in 186 i, and again in ISCS,
nought to obtain power witbont any change
of political sentiment, and, though the
formulaic of 1860 has been dropped, the old
principle, now wholly inconsistent with the
amended constitution, is still cherished
by the party. It, therefore, ad-
vises that the party make no uomiua-
lions in 1870. We insist, however,
that the omission to nomlnato candidates
would be a blind that would deceive nobody.
Wbat the Democrats who desire to benefit
tho country most do in order to accomplish
anything is, disband their party. There is no I
need of resigning; let them quit, and unit-,
mg with the Republicans, help to accom
plish the many reforms which are delayed by
unscrupulous men who retain political prom
inence only because of the existence of a
greater evil, the skeleton of tho Democratic
party.
THE EINO AM) THE POPE.
The King of Italy and the royal family
will shortly move from Florence to Rome,
and, lor tho first time since Desiderius, the
last of the Lombard Kings, was deposed by
Charlemagne, there will be a King of Italy*
resident in Romo. There have been many
titular Kings of Italy and of Rome, bui
Victor Emanuel will be tho first of tho new I
order of monarchs ruling from the ancient I
metropolis. It is the beginning of a now I
era for Rome and for Italy. Under tho cm-1
piro founded by Charlemagne tho Papacy I
became ono of the most powerful and I
proudest States acknowledging tho Imperial j
rule. Of toner than any other State it was in
revolt against tho empire. It assumed not
only the right of judging for Itself when to
submit and when to revolt, but exorcising
also the spiritual authority, it undertook to
direct the other States of tho empire when
they should be subjects of the Emperor, and
when they should repudiate him. Tho Papal
possessions have been oftentimes reduced
and again restored; but as a general thing
tho Popes have maintained their possession,
clinging to Rome and to the exercise of po
litical sovereignty therein "with bar-
node tenacity. Indeed, it baa been
made nart of the coronation oath of the Pope
never to relinquish the temporal sovereign
ty of Some. Victor Emanuel enter* Horaces
King of Italy, including Rome. His govern
ment has preceded him to that place, and for
many months has had political control of the
city. Ho is now about to proceed thither
with the Crown Prince, and will occupy the
palace known as the Qnirinal. But the Rome
of the present day is not the Homo of the
past. The now rulers find it difficult to se
cure accommodations. The city which has
1 readily found palaces in which to accommo
date large crowdaof strangers,vlsitingthecity
for a short time, has not the accommo
dations requisite for a large addition to its
permanent and official residents, and at the
same time for an unprecedented crowd of
visitors. The result has been that, even in
advance of the arrival of the King and
Court, Rome linos herself so thronged, and
buildings in such demand, that rents have
largely advanced. Such a thing as an ad
vance in rents is astounding to the people of
a city where everything has been decaying
and retrograding so long. The government
has, therefore, been compelled to take pos
session of a largo number of buildings
held by religious bodies. Those se
lected have been convents; it has
not dissolved these organizations, but has
compelled them to “double up.” Where
there have been five convents the govern
ment has consolidated them into two, taking
possession of tho vacated premises for public
uses. In all these cases force has been used.
The notices given to the inmates have all
been disregarded, and, while making no
armed resistance, the occupants have refused
to vacate until forcibly ejected. Of course,
each of these cases is heralded as a spolia
tion, and the wrath of heaven Is invoked
upon the sacrilegious King,
i Tho Pope in the meantime is in the Eternal
I City. In some respects he has not hud such
I a tranquil time for a long period. Ho re
ceives his accustomed revenue without dis
count, has the interest on his debts paid for
him is in fact released of all liability for
the public debt-, which had far exceeded his
revenues. He is not troubled with State
affairs, and os head of the Church is treated
with becoming respect. He insiets.howcver,
that he is a prisoner, and recites weekly al
locutions in which nis imprisonment is duly
discussed, and tho indifference of tho powers
of Europe is grievously lamented. There is
a constant giving out that the Pope I
will not remain in* the city with the Prince
of Piedmont, as Victor Emanuel is styled
but whore he will go is not stated. Clement i
V., nearly COO years ago, removed from Romo j
under a somewhat similar plea of being no
longer free. Ho removed his seat to Avig
non, and it was nearly 70 years before bis
successor could return. That, too, was in the
days when the spiritual power of tho Pope
extended over all Christendom. Tho remov
al, as a matter of political policy, was not a
success. Instead of uniting tho world for
his restoration, it produced a schism,
a division of the Church, a
long succession of rival Popes, both at
Rome and at Avignon, which did not end un
til that other ecclesiastical revolution,
known os tho Reformation, had permanently
lost to Rome half the nations of Euro]>e.
So that attempt at martyrdom proved a mis
take. It is trne Pius IX. was o fugitive in
1&8, and did not return until the revolution
ists were suppressed; but the present affair
is not a mere popular outbreak. If the
Pope leaves Romo voluntarily, he throws
away tho great prestige of possession. He
appeals to a world now entirely too practical
to admit that his personal liberty or his
spiritual authority has boon abridged,
and therefore deaf to any thought of restor
ing him by force. The “captivity of
Avignon” will be repeated, and possibly
there will be a renewal of the once very com
mon practice of two or more Popes ruling
at tho same time, each recognized by some
portion of tho Chureb. The Church cannot
survive such things at this time, and in this
age. In the meantime Victor Emanuel,
and after him Humbert and a line of Italian
Kings, will have rebuilt Rome, peopled tbe
Campagna by immigrants from other parts
of tho kingdom, and have given to the city
what is possible of its ancient splendor and
renown.
Th e following circumstances have come to
our knowledge, and wo hasten to lay them
before our readers, na being of peculiar in
terest in Chicago and Springfield.
A thrifty and respectable German named
Hons Paromer, who resided on the North
Side, was away from his home when the fire
struck it. His wife, who made her best en
deavors to save some of the household
property, was beset by ruffians, who
threatened to kill her and rob her of. what I:
few valuables she was able to snatch away
from the flames. At this critical
juncture, a neighbor named Mor
idan discovered the poor woman’s
plight, drove off the robbers, and bore
her to a place of safety, thereby probably
saving Mrs. Pammcr’s life. Soon, however,
the husband returned, and was exceedingly
irate at what he called the unjustifiable and
illegal interference of Mention in his domes
tic affairs. He (Pamxner) was himself, he
urged, the only lawful protector of that
woman, and for any other man to protect
her was an outrage. Ho proceeded to quote
at groat length the statutes and common law
treatises on marriage relations, and threat
ened to indict Mention for grandlarceny.
P. S.—Tho bearin’s of this narration, as
Captain Jack Bunsby would say, “lays in
the application on it.”
A DANIEL ON THE SDFTHAGE QUESTION.
The advocates of the theory that woman
has derived the right to vote from the Four
teenth and Fifteenth Amendments to the
National Constitution, will doubtless obtain
some satisfaction from the recent opinion »f
Judge Cartier, of the Supreme Court of the
District of Columbia. To him and his col
leagues was submitted the suit of Sara
Spencer, who was denied the privilege of
registering as a voter, and sued the Board of
Registration; also, that of another Sara, to
wit; Sara E. Spencer, who was sim
ilarly refused at the polls,—whether
after registration or not, the
report does not state. Judge Cartter, in
enunciating tho opinion of the court, goes
over tho question whether the elective fran
chise is a natural right, and concludes that
it is not; because,” saj's ho, “the legal vin
dication of the natural right of all citizens
to vote would, at this stage of popular in
telligence, involve the destruction of ciril yov
ernmcni.n His grounds for this doctrine arc
i found in the unhealthy results of promiscu
ous male suffrage in largo centres of papula-
I tiou. The result in these centres,” Judge
Cartter says, “is political, profligacy
and violence verging on anarchy.”
Hence, suffrage is not a natural
right. “Isit a constitutional right?” the
Judge then asks himself; and he oltes the
two provisions of tho constitution under
which the petitioners claim the privilege of
voting;
Fourteenth Amendment— Section 1. All per
sons boro or naturalized in the United Statea, and
subject to the Jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of
the United States, and of the Stato wherein they
reside. No State shall mate or enforce any law
which shall abridge tho privileges or immunities
of citizens of the United States,
i Fifteenth Amendment— Section 1. The right of
citizens of tho United States to vote shall not be
denied or abridged by the United States or by any
1 State on account of race, color or previous condi
tion of servitude.
fisc. 2. The Congress shall have power to en
force this article by appropriate legislation.
The court decides that these provisions of
the constitution do advance women to the
full powers of citizenship and clothe them
with tho capacity to become voters.” At this
announcement tho two Saras must have been
much elated; but their hopes wore crushed
when, in tho next moment, the Judge,
like the fair jurist from Padua [Shafopeavc’e
Reporfs], suddenly interposed a fatal obstacle
to tho success of theircose, viz.: That, though
this constitution had made women eligible
to tho franchise, it still required-legislation
to confer it. When this legislation shall be
enacted, ho promises the two Saras fall satis*
faction.
In a report of Judge Cartter’s opinion we I
find no train of reasoning by which the con-1
elusion is deduced that women are enfran-1
chised by tho two amendments cited but I
suppose tbe theory of the court to be I
that women are now denied tho privilege of I
I voting because of their “previous condition I
lof servitude.” There certainly is no provi-1
sion preventing thoStatca, or tbe United 1
I States, from disfranchising persons from* I
J any other cause except race, color, or pre- j
I vious condition of servitude.” Admitting J
I that a woman is a “‘person” within the
i meaning of the law, it still requires a good
I deal of sophistry, or a powerful
I stimulus of enthusiasm, to take in I
1 tho other premise that woman’s
I condition is ono of “servitude,” as that term
lis understood in law. That the Supreme
Court of tho District of Columbia should
pronounce it such is oven more remarkable
I than that it should, after the elections in
j Chicago and Now York, tho chief centres
j of population” in this country, declare that
I the tendency of simple manhood saffrago is
I toward anarcbj’.
AN IMPORTANT EXPEDITION.
Some time during the present week an im
portant scientific expedition will set sail
from Boston, having on board Prof. Agassiz,
Prof. Pierce, of the Coast Survey, ex-Prcsi
dent Hill, of Harvard, and other distinguish
ed savans. Tho vessel belongs to the U. S.
Coast Survey service, and is called tho Hass
ier, in honor of ono of the pioneers of- the
Coast Survey. The principal errand of the
Huskier is connected with this service but
tbe voyage will also embrace a very careful
examination of certain other scleutHic sub
jects, which, aro thus sketched in a letter
from Boston:
The plan to be carried out is this: First, to
explore the South Atlantic, then to go straight to
tbe West Indies and begin tho tlrst great work,
the in vostigation of the origin of tbe Gulf Stream.
Then to go eastward into the broad ocean to*seek
for tho greatest depth of tho Atlantic, and when
found, thoroughly Investigate its bottom. From
thence to Rio, where a stoppage for supplies will
bo made. From Rio the party will explore the
oast coast of Patagonia and the Faulkland
Islands, ascertaining and tracing the course of
thelßouth Polo currents, as they enter either the
Atlantic or Pacific, which are now, to a great ex
tent, unknown, and, therefore, the cause of much
trouble and danger. They will next proceed
through tho Straits of Magellan into the Pacific;
Invettigutc that ocean in tho name way as in the
Atlantic, especially the shore currents, tho depth
of tho water and the soa bottom study tbo ani
mals and the fishes, visit and explore tho islands
opposite tho continent, and the continent itself;
and finally bring up at San Francisco, where the
scientific corps will leave tho vessel, and the lat
ter, after a short stop, proceed with the officers
of the Const Survey to survey the route from San
Diego to panama: then go-north as far ns Puget
Sound, and probably procoeglus far ns Alaska.
Among tho objects sought to bo accom
plished by this voyage are the dis
covery of tho sources of tho ocoan
currents of tbo Atlautic, tho max
imum depth of that occau, aud tho relative
height of tbo Atlantic and tho Pacific, with
reference to its bearing upon tho feasibility
of the proposed iuteroccauio caual. The
force of scientific gentlemen includes, be
sides tbe above-named gentlemen, the Count
do Pour talcs, a famous docp-sca-drcdgor, and
several chemists, geologists, and oven a “Su
perintendent of Fishing, 1 whoso duty is, we
suppose, to catch specimens for Agassiz to
analyze. Prof. Agassiz explains, in a lettci
to the Boston Adrcrtiur, that the expenw*
(some $20,000) of his portion of tho expedition
arc provided for by private munificence.
Hr. George P. Randal), an architect of thip
city, has published a pamphlet in which ip
discussed “What ore and what are not fire
proof buildings, and how to build them.”
Mr. Randall pronounces that no iron con
struction can ho considered fire-proof. Stone
as a material ranks hut little higher, and he
answers the question of what material we
have of which to constructafire-proof build
ing, by saying, “Brick.”
He suggests that, in constructing build
ings to resist the ravages of lire, the princi
pal object is to provide that if afireorigiuate*
in them, or is communicated to them, they
may ho burned so slowly as not to endangci
other buildings, nor get beyond the control
of the Fire Department. As a measure to se
cure such a result, the general plan of filling
in between the rafters, joists, studding, itc.,
with concrete, is proposed. By this means
a roof, whether it he French, Italian,
or fiat roof, may ho made substantially fire
proof. Ho also commends the use of iron
laths, under the joists, with shoot iron
plates on the upper side of the joists, and
the whole covered with acoat of concrete or
coarse mortar in which the lloor is to be laid.
The end sought is an air-tight ceiling, the
joists being enclosed, could at most he only
charred, hut never would blaze.
For the exterior of buildings, he says
that brick seems to ho the only material
that is fire-proof, durable, and cheap.”
The manufacture of quinine in the United
States iff confined to two houses in Philadel
phia. It is manufactured from Peruvian
bark, which iu IS7O paid a duty of 20 per
conk. By the amended tarifi, this duty of
20 per cent was taken oft*, for the especial
benefit of two druggists in Philadelphia. Qui
nine is made In Europe from the same bark.
One of the largest factories was destroyed by
the Prussians during the war. Nevertheless,
quinine, which has become uu indispensable
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1871
in cases of fever, is sold in Europe for much
less than it is in this country. Previous to
I the removal of the.duty ou the boric, this
quinine sold, wholesale, in Philadelphia, at
$3.30 per ounce, and in Europe at $1.70 in cur
rency. In September, 1871, the Philadelphia
druggists raised the price to S2JO. The
amount consumed in the United States is
about 700,000 ounces annually. There is now
in bond in New York a large stock of
quinine, which can be bought for $1.60 per
bottle in gold, or about $1.78 in currency: but
the duty is 45 percent in gold, which, with
the pieminm on gold, makes the cost $3.70
in currency. This includes freight
and exchange. The difference, therefore,
between $1.79, at which quinine could be
purchased, and the $2.50 demanded for it by
the Philadelphia monopolists, is 71 cents per
bottle. This they are enabled to demand be*
cause of the monopoly given them by Con
gress. Multiplying 700,000 ounces annually
consumed in the United States by 70 cents,
will give $490,000 as the tax paid by the
sick of this country to these two drug con
cerns in Philadelphia, to encourage their
“infant industry.” Druggists con well af
ford te spend large sums annually to keep
up a lobby to support the “infant manu
facturers of quinine.
PERSONAL.
Mr Homo, the Spiritualist, intends giving a
series of lectures in Paris for tho relief of the suf
ferers of Chicago. I
—General Kilpatrick is obliged to suspend lee-1
I luring, owing to a throat-disease.
I —Mrs. Smock, daughter of the revolutionary
I General Stark, now in her wd year, lives near
Claysville, Guernsey County, Ohio.
I •mt Andreassy, the Hungarian Prime Mi«-
bt r wrote recently to a man who helped him in
I have never forgotten you since you gave
me some hisg to eat at a time when I was nearly
(ombhed. and had not a shilling In my pocket to
my bread with. Come to Pesth and be my
guest,”
—The lonely Nathan mansion has been bought
by John Morrissey.
—Mrs. Isabella Beecher Hooker reports the
partial conversion of “My-Summer-ina-Garden”
Warner, of the Hartford Courant, to the cause
|of woman's rights, and has no doubt that Mr.
I Burr, of the Times, the leading Democratic
paper of Connecticut will soon openly espouse
that cause.
—A boy stealing chestnuts in a town not far
from New York was caught by the Irate owner
of tho trees. “What Is your name, you little
scamp 1” he asked. Tweed," blubbered the boy,
whereupon the frightened farmer loosed bis hold
and flod.
—The Hon. Ephraim K. Smart, not long since
a leading Democratic politician of Maine, who
has servea the State in Congress, and has boon
a candidate for Governor, was last week taken to
I the State Asylum' of the Insane, afflicted with
1 softening of the brain.
—One day last week, W. M. Tweed, the Boss”
thief, was seen to alight from a train at Norwalk,
Conn. The other passengers on the platform In
stantly sot up a cry of “stop thief,” and kept it
i up until ho was out of sight.
—Antonelll, the Papal Minister, Is 65 years or
age, and for twenty-two years has occupied the
position of Minister President. Ills said of him
although bis statesmanship has not boennsue-
I cess, still, Italian-like, he has known bow to pro-
I vide for himself and his family, be and his broth
ler being classed among the wealthiest people of
I Italy.
l The Cincinnati Gazette of the 13th says: “In
our Covington news department will be found a
notice of tho death of Mr. A. K. Gaines, a promi
nent citizen of Boone County, Kentucky, from
'lockjaw. Mr. Gaines is entitled to celebrity as
I the owner of the Garner family of slaves, whose
flight from slavery and recapture at Cincinnati
roailted in tho awful tragedy in which Margaret
I Garner slaw her children to save them from the
I fate of slavery.”
I —There seems no longer to be any doubt of tho
I marriage, within a month, of Secretary Kobe son
I and Mrs. Aulick, widow of the late Commodore
I Aulick, of the navy.
—‘Win. A. W. White, a New York newsboy and
I bootblack, has Just been informed by a relative,
I that consequent upon tho death of his graud
mother, at Mulllnavat, Ireland, ho is the fortun-
I nto heir to £23,298 or 9116,490.
I —The Now York Sun a ays Mr. J. Prentice, of
I that city, individually owns and controls between
1 30,000 and 10.000 acres of oil lands In Pennsylva-
I nla and West Virginia, and his income from his
I oil interest alone is estimated at t2,000 or «s,ooo a
I day. He is constantly buying new territory.
J —The Lord Bishop of Litchfield and the Right
I Rev. Dr. Isle, of St. Paul’s Church, Wolvor
j liampton, Ragland, have been traversing the
United States for the past few weeks. They have
I partaken of the hospitalities of many prominent
I I personages, and have enjoyed a series of break
j fasts, dinners, and entertainments. On Tuesday
1 1 a select company of the Bishops and laymen of
j the Episcopal Church, and other leading citizens,
I entertained the Lord Bishop at breakfast at Dcl-
I monico'e. Now York.
MISCELLANEOUS.
An impetus to general education is given by
the colonists at New Sweden, Maine, inasmuch
us no one is allowed to be married until they be
come members of the Church, and they cannot
become members of the Church unless they can
read and write.
—A lady editor iu Wisconsin advertises iu her
own paper for a husband. She says be must be a
printer and possess means sufficient to buy anew
press.
—A member of a family in Germantown (Pa.)
was awakened a few nights since by a singular
noise* and arose on tbo lookout for burglars* but
was surprised to find his alarm, occasioned by two
rats, who bad evidently formed a partnership.
One rut was on tbo attic floor, rolling walnuts to
the top of the stairway, and then throwing thorn
off the top step, whence they would roll down to
the story below, where his partner took charge
bf them, and rolled them into a bole in the vicini
ty of the stairway, where thov were deposited.
—lt la the correct thing this winter for ladies
to wear dogs of the same shade as their dresses.
—Some of the London papers are moving for
alcGxdng cars, or at least oars with scats in which
it Is possible to recline, on their great railway
lines. The Xeiet says that now the only chance
a night traveller has of a sound sleep is to give
the guard half a sovereign to bring him a board
to pat across two of the seats, and to keep the
door of the carriage locked as long os is possible.”
—A Londoner has invented a street lamp, with
strips of looking gloss arranged in its roof, some
what after the manner of a Venetian blind. It is
said to throw throe times as much light upon the
street as the ordinary lamp.
—Tbe lighting of one of the public gas burners
in tho streets of Paris by a flash of lightning is
authoritatively reported. Many are doubtless
acquainted witn the parlor experiments of ig
niting the gas by an elootric spark from tho fin
ger, but no natural Instance of tbe kind has been
known previous to the one reported.
—Recently the schooner Columbus went ashore
nt Sou scale, near Whitehaven, and, while the
spectators on shore were waiting for the delayed
arrival of tho rocket-apparatus, a large dog
■iwum out to the vessel, and returned with a rope
la his mouth, thus establishing a communication
with the land, by which all on board were saved.
—A recent writer, treating of Russian customs,
gives some foots* which deprive tbe Americans
if their exclusive claim to the habit of rapid cut'
ing. The Russian takes one-third of his meal
standing at one table, and then sits down at an
other table to finish, both operations being des
patched with all possible expedition, eating be
ing the only thing which the Russian docs in a
hurry.
—Tho following cure for a bone felon Is given
by tbat high authority, tho London Lancet: “As
4oon as the disease is felt put directly over the
spot a fly-blister about tho size of your thumb
anil, and let it remain for six hours, at the expira
tion of which time, directly under the surface of
the blister, may be seen tho felon, which can l>e
instantly taken oat with tho point of a needle or
x lancet.*'
A curious fact Is related of the Maine wood
choppers, who, in the winter months, while fell
ing trees amid snow and Ice, cannot wear close
itttng boots, but very large sizes, that allow their
feet to slip to and fro, thus causing friction and
warmth. But from this they have their feet com
pletely encrusted with corns. In the spring, when
’hey raft their logs, they do not change their
clothing or boots for weeks, until their arrival at
the saw-mills. All the while their feet have been
saturated In wrtcr, and, when the boots arc re
newed. tho corns fall off like nutshells from the
kernel.
—lt Is stated that tho Raritan, New Jersey.
Woollen Manufacturing Company has engaged
four hundred Chinamen to work In its factories.
—A cigar-making machine has been produced ia
Louisville, by a medical gentleman. Dr. M. T, Mc-
Kinney, which, It Is claimed, must revolutionize
tho cigur trade; The machine occupies about os
much room os a sewing machine, and can be op
erated by a boy or girl with all ease. It makes
two cigars at once, and turns out 1,500 a day. Tho
cigar comes out perfect In form and formation,
and Is handsomer than the article made by hand.
An expert, industrious cigar-maker will make
by hand about 1,500 cigars a week: for tbs cheap
est cigar manufactured he gets fU per thousand;
for a better grade, its per thousand. This ma
chine, capable of doing tho work of five men, and
costing Sl6O. it is stated, can bo run at an expense
of six dollars per week, making the cost of manu
facturing 9,c00 cigars only six dollars, where it is
now paid ninety-nine dollars.
THE, LABOR QUESTION'.
Miss Anna Dickinson on Dema
gogues and Workingmen.”
Bough Shots at the Labor Reform
Movement and Trades Unions.
The Nineteenth Century’s Wel
come to the Fourteenth*
An unusually large audience assembled in the
First Congregational Church* on the corner of
Ann and Washington streets, Friday evening, to
greet Anna Dickinson,—the galleries as well as
the main floor being crowded. The absence o(
I other attractions probably conduced to this re
sult, for the audience was fully as largo as, if
indeed not larger than svny she had last season
In Farwell Hall. The display of fashionable nt-
tlro«ropudlatcd all Idea of sackcloth and ashes.
An Improvement of a moat decided character
Tvas the "organ solo, which kept tho audience
I amused while tho house was Ailing up. Miss
I Anna's arrival on the stage was the signal for a
little applause. She was Introduced by Major
Whittle, after the usual volley of announco-
I monta.
Miss Dickinson wore a brown silk dress, will
velvet trimmings and velvet sacquo tomatch.
The Major’s discourse having successfully ter-
minated, ho said the sublect of her lecture was
not Out of the Depths,” because she had no
I such subject. Her subject was therefore “Dciua-
I gogues and Workingmen.”
Tho lady then put thiugs right. She repudiated
I any intention to allude to the late disaster, which
I she thought no one evening could do justice to,
I She could not bring any more words of sympathy.
or sorrow, or love. The entire proceeds of her
lecture were to go to the Young Hen’s Christian
Association.
She commenced her discourse by stating tmu
the ■word Progress” seemed to ho tbo character
istic of the human race. It was a tendency to
onualltrlof rights. It had been called by various
names in vanws a**a; It was the quarrel be
tween king and subject, master and slave, capital
and working man. There never was any
i Question of the rol-ery of ibis mass ol
sSman beings. It was no longer an
effort to help the poor, so much as to give the
l noor an opportunity to help themselves. Ujm
not strange that there were many stumblings in
tho war. However live question might be dis*
mvsßctl there was doubtless discontent among
1 theworking-meii. Every man lu tbo country was
a working-man. A man in this country had to
■work or die. Therefore she took issue with the
1 movement which declared that the apprenticed
S-tSm was only the working man. It excluded
ttoMgtacer.tlfe farm laborer,the Hundredsof
thoujsuiida of men and women tho ulav u> of an
Cl rS?distlnctlvo moveincut Known as the laihor
Reform Movement, included only skilled »nl
sans. They maintained that they were the 'it
tims of capital, were held down by the strong
hJSd of power, and yet they were not response.
Their chosen mouthpieces said labor in Amenta
was descending to slavery; that the condition
of the American laboring man was falling tolow
his English brother. They compared U o Mnuig
men with similar gifts, on© of
climbs to tho summit of success, while
the 1 other dies at 70, so poor as to have not
a dollar to pass to his children. And jet for this
[monstrous inequality Capital,
teenth Century. Christianity, were amagDOd--
never tho workingman. A strike In En«land re
sulted lu gaining 8 cents per day—after the most
unheard of privations. Tho LougStrike MnoysthJ
bricklayers at Albany exemplified 100 cltarl>
that a man without the exercise of Ids brato could
earn *4.50 a day. If ho said ho could not achiev t
a moderate eomi»ctcnce he would insult the com
mon sense of his audience..
Confessing that the complaints were just, what
did tho employed do They struck, ami rose 40
per cent higher in the scale of civilization. Hid
thevt The result of this sort of talk about the
1 ballot-box was tho result of trades-iudonß. No
one could question tho right of men to ttx anj
price upon their goods, but, at the
same time, no one could question the
right of another man to set another price.
But one could question tho right of the first
class of men to seize their purchaser by the
throat and compel them to buy at their prices, or
by fraud, or violence, to prevent others from sell-
IC I gcntlemun*Uad told her that ho had In his
employ 100 workmen, and bad employed a Ger
man at higher wages than any others, Ahe
association K then ordered a strike among
I his men, and every other one went out,
the German’s only oflenco being that he was a
better workman than they were, and not a mem-
I ber of the association. That German was abso
-1 lately driven back to Germany. There was a tra
dition, rapidly vanishing, that this was a free
country. But tho absolute power of a trades
-1 union was more tyranical than an European des
potism. All tyranny was bad, but that was
the worst which worked with tho machinery
of freedom.
Tho speaker went on to give some illustrations
of the working of trades unions. But it was said,
“Trades-unions aro democratic.” The by-laws
provided that from 9 to 13 men might constitute a
quorum, which could send live hundred men into
poverty on a strike, without the power to rebel,
why then were the unions formed! They were
commenced, and, as her hearers understood, it
was an easy thing to start a fire, but a
hard one to stop it. Take the Typographical
Union. Tho foreman was tho omy person to whom
application for omplojincut coult\ be made. The
results were plain, m the preference of unworthy
meu, members of tbo clique, to tho exclusion of
the more deserving who were not members of the
union, which the speaker illustrated with a
strong appeal to the feelings of the audience. It
was brutal tyranny-*not uu effort against the
tyranny of tbe capitalists, for that, right or
wrong, might he admired. It struck tho unarmed
workingmen—at tho boys wbo were to make the
futurelgeueration. Tbe man inside the fortress
fought against tho b >ys outside. The fundamcn
tal principle of the union was two apprentices to
any number of journeymen. Of eight millions
of workingmen, one million were unskilled;
Hence, 3 per cent of penitentiaiy men were pro
fessional; 1G per cent were skilled artisans; 82
per cent unskilled workingmen! There was no
need of I iglc to explain these figures. The result
of trades-unions was to Increase even more
dreadfully this enormous percentage.
If it was a good living to have 17,000 men in idle
ness in a penitentiary (tho figures as they were)
It was a good thing to have a larger number.
Hence it was a good tiling to have a standing
army in every town. A Republican would not
hurt a negro, nor could u Democrat strike an
Irishman, but both shook hands to persecute the
Chinaman. For what reason I Because they
were an importation, merchandise, coolies. The
same term should then be applied to the Ger
mans or Swedes. An eloquent Labor Reform
speaker in Boston suited that his op
position to coolie labor was that the contractor
received 90 per cent of tho Chinaman’s earnings.
Wendell Phillips made the statement in Boston,
with the pipers under his very eye. stating that
not only were 32 Chinamen to be killed in Los
Angeles, but there were $33,000 to bo stolen. How
could any reasoning man believe that this sum
had been saved by two dozen Chinamen on leu
cents a day! Again it was urged
that the $2 a day paid to the
American stood for the education of his children,
and tho amenities of civilized life, while the
Chinaman was content to let his children die in
ignorance, aqd would thus bring down the Amer
ican to his level. And yet in Massachusets there
were 20,000 children who had never been to
school. In San Francisco there was not a
Chinaman who could not read, write,
and figure in his own most difil
cult language. While on one sido the
laboring man was bellowing about too many feet
E ashing him out of employment, on the other
and there were ’pillions of acres of untouched
land—of mineral wealth merely waiting to bo de
veloped. But the capitalists could get no labor
ers. Going down tho streets of San Francisco,
she met crowds of men rushing down the street*
to welcome tho Chinaman” as the ship came in
to tbo harbor. Bo eager were these meu to wel
come their brethren that they neglected
their work—a day’s pay—to welcome
their brothers. As tho ship came
In,there was not an oath, an obscene word un
altered by these Christian Americans. Stones
were hurled at tho innocent Chinamen, knives
and pistols were brandished at thorn, sum every
crossing stone was stained with a Chinaman's
blood. That was the welcome free America gave
to the victims of Chinese despotism; that the
nineteenth ceuturj* gave tho fourteenth; that
Christianity gave heathenism. That was the
legitimate trait of the trados’-nnions system.
It was argued that the hands employed were
as valuable us the employer. Tho head got more
because the hdad planned, originated, organized,
and tbc bands merely executed. If, therefore, a
man objected to being n bead, ho might Join and
become a hand. With sue or two dozen ex
ceptional Tammany thieves, the richest men in
America were the hardest worked. There was
no aristocracy in this country; nor was it true
that there was a class of tho rich running in a
groove from sire to son, and another groove in
which the poor man was running. It was
untrue that no man could do Justice to himself
who worked more than eight hours a day. Shi
believed that In a factory no one could work
healthily for more thuu eight hours a day; but
that employment was not included among those
of skilled labor. Nor was It true that thej- could
protect themselves against capital by close cor
porations. Tho surest mcthod'to gain what you
wanted was not to strike your clenched fist in
the face of tho man above you, but
to stretch out j'our hand to the man below you.
She thought the groat panacea for nli ills was co
operation. It would not give any man a brown
stouo front, but it would give him what he
earned. Wuat it would do would put all meu
on a level footing; how the heads would stand
was another question. The secret of existing in
equality was hidden in the profound secret of
nature’s earliest years. The co-operative
system was the flower of Chris
tianity. The weak should bo helped by the
strong, and the winner hailed with plaudits, not
with curses. She could not forget that hero in
Chicago, when tbe working world bad put down
its tool, and. blind to the magnitude of the forest
tiros by reason of one great blaze, had given ol
its ability, that Chicago bad said, Them are
others there who need it more than we do.” It
was a noble sight to see poverty helping want.
Tho address concluded withau eloquent perora
tion.
Miss Dickinson, be it said, donates tho proceeds
of her lecture to the building up of tho Young
Hen’s Christian Association,
A X>e«aoti in Geography*
In n late report of tbe Secretary of tho St.
Louis Newsboy's Homo, is the following:
During one of their class lessons in geogra
phy, each lad iu his turn was required to give
the name of three European countries until
all had been named. The first bov responded
by saying England, Ireland, and Scotland:
the second followed with France, Prussia, and
Russia; tbe next boy's geographical knowl
edge was evidently limited, for ho gave in
perfect seriousness, Caroudelet, Kirkwood,
and Chicago although with a half doubtful
air. No, no,” said the class-mastor of tho
evening, ‘‘name three of tho countries in
Europe.” The boy looked at tho door, and
then at the ceiling, in a state of perplexity.
A boy behind tho other quietly whispers.
Hungary, say Hungary.” “No, I shan’t,
you’re hungry; hungry ain't no country.”
14 Yea it is, you numskull; say Hun
gary.” With this gentle prompting Hun
gary was said.- “Yes; no\v another.”
Prompter behind whispered 44 Turkey.” “Go
on with yer; turkey ain't no country.”
Yes, it is, thickhead, say Turkey.” Turkey
was said very doubtfully- Yes.tUat snght,
Hungary and Turkey—that’s two: now an
other. 1 wont you tonamo throe.” Boygave
on annealing side look to Ins prompter, nuo
whispered "Goose. say Goose.’’
"Goose,” shouted tho slmdent of
geography, os if he’d known it all his lue to
10 tlic name of a country in Europe. Eoars
of laughter from all present greeted this
answer, much to the confusion of the stu
dent, who finally created a diversion hy at
tempting to make geographical researches
with his list about the polar regions of his
prompter. In the midst of confusion the
class was therefore brought to a close out
close, but Hungary, Turkey, and Goose
will bo long remembered by muuy present.
The little Fred. W. lorln*.
From the Boston Journal, Nov. 16.
A despatch from San Francisco, pnuiisueci
Monday morning, gave an account or an
attack upon a stage coach
zona, naming among the passengers kiiieu a
ilr. F. W. Luring, and ados that he was from
Boston. This last despatch seems to leave
no room for the doubt which the many
friends of Fred. W. Loriug in this vicinity
had sought to entertain as to his identity
with the murdered man, and puts almost be
yond a question the sad fact that his life, so
fresh and full of promise, has been taken by
the cowardly and brutal hands of the i
murderous Apaches.
Mr. Loring was a graduate of Harvard in
the class of 1870, and at the time of his
death was nearly 23 years of ago. One of
the moat promising of iour younger journal
ists, his contributions to our periodical lit
erature were marked with a freshness and
vigor of stylo which secured for them many
readers, and won for them a good degree of
popularity. Ho was a contributor to the
Mianile, Old and 2few, very Saturday Baxly
and Commercial Bulletin, and was
at one time engaged upon the Saturday irai
tug (iasette In college he was distinguished
for literary ability, and the poems he con
tributed to the Advocate and, other papers
while there, were collected with some 9UI
ora and published last April by A. K. Lprmg,
under the title “The Boston Dip.” His
story, “Two College Friends,” which ran
through the Old and New as a serial, was
also published by A. K. Loriug, only a short
time ago. Ho was the author of a success
ful play in two acts, which was brought
out at the Globe Theatre, and of another,
written for Maggie Mitchell. Ho was one of
the six who were to be engaged upon Mr.
Hale’s quaint serial, Six of One by Half a 1
Dozen of the Other; and his death will
leave a sad vacancy in that little group of
writers,
Mr. Loring, at the time of his death, was in
the service of Appleton's Journal haviugbecn
engaged by that paper to accompany the
exploring expedition sent out by the United
States Government, under Lieutenant Wheel
-1 j*»r, to explore the Colorado River. His last
contribution appeared in the issue of No
vember 18, aud boro date August 21.
When tbo last of it was written, the
little party had just passed through the
Death Valley,” which previous expedi
tious had avoided, or in which they had
been lost. Private letters, the last having
date September 1, and witten from Mojave.
Montana Territory, give a vivid account of I
his adventures, aud are full of hopefulness
and courage. Ho expected to reach San
Francisco by tbo last of October, and thence
take his way homeward. The list of outra
ges committed oy the Apaches within the
last few months, with ammunition aud ma
terial furnished by over-credulous Peace
Commissioners, is a long and sad one but
this lust addition to it is the saddest of all.
The New Earl*
From the Now York Evening Post
Lord Dufferin, wbo has just been raised to
an earldom, receives his accession of honor
with the hearty good-will and approbation
of all classes of his countrymen. Ho is as
amiable as ho ia able, and as popular in his
capacity of an Irish country gentleman us m
that of a member of the government.
The new Earl is but little over 40. He suc
ceeded to his title very early, ou tho death
of his father, who took too strong a dose, on
board tho Holyhead packet, to make him
sleep through the passage, and never awoke.
Lord Duneriu’s mother was a Sheridan—
one of the throe talented, beautiful, and pen
niless daughters of tho great Brinsley's only
sou. Ho audhis father were Arcades amho In
point of improvidence and carelessness. Ou
one occasion when they both were utterly
hard up, Tom asked his father for some
money. “My dear follow," was tho reply,
“I’vo nothing to give you, having nothing
mvself. The only course I can see
leh for you is to take tho pistols
you’ll find yonder, mount your
horse, ride away to Huuslow Heath, only
two miles distant, and rob tbo first likely
traveller you meet.” “Ah,” replied Tom,
I've tried that, hut, unfortunately, the man
I stopped was your treasurer.” For at this
time the elder Sheridan was lessee of Drury
Lane Theatre, and all whom ho emploj’cd
had to wait woefully long for wages.
Sheridan used to tell Tom that ho had wit
enough to get a dinner every night at the
best tables in London, hut that was all.
Tom died young, leaving a son—tho present
member for Dorsetshire—who ran off with
Miss Cohiuhoun Grant, a great heiress (their
third sou recently married Miss Motley, the
historian’s daughter), and three daughters,
each famous in her way—the Dutchess of
Somerset, who was queen of beauty in tho
celebrated Eglington tournament; tho Hon.
Mrs. Korton, v no, by ber matrimonial
troubles and admirable writings, in very
well known on both sides of the Atlantic,
and Lady Dufferin.
Lady Dufferin—who unites the highest
cultivation with charm of manner, brilliant
conversation, and, in her youth, beauty—
married a second time, under very romantic
eircuiustatlcos, the late Earl of Gifford,
eldest son of the Marquis of Tweeddale.
Lord Gifford, who was little older than her
sou, had, strange to say,been much neglected
in point of education by his father, and it
was under Lady Diifferiu’s auspices that in
later life he repaired the defects.
The intimacy between pupil and teacher
—he was also her sou’s great friend—led to a
romantic devotion ou tin; part of the former.
Again and again he begged her to become his
wife, hut she thought that disparity of nge
rendered such a muon out of tho question.
At length Lord Gifford was seized with an
illness destined to prove fatal, and to comply
with his earnest prayer that she would bear
his mime, Lady Dufferin, a few weeks before
lie was laid in the grave became Countess of
Gifford.
Lord Dufferin wrote, some years ago, a
delightful book of travels called Letters
from High Latitudes,” with which all who
have not read it will do well to become ac
quainted.
New Bond to the Y» Semite.
From the itarlposahCaU Gazette.
Few persons have stood on Glacier Point,
ami looked sheer down ii.ooo feet from the
edge of that mighty perpendicular wall to
the smilingvalloy below, would consider a
proposition to make a practicable bridle
path from tbo immediate vicinity of the
southern cud of the valley, anything better
than the scheme of a madman, lot the
making of such a bridle-path is just
what James McCauley has undertaken,
and has really accomplished. Wo heard with
surprise some account of this enterprise, a
few weeks ago from Fred. Loidig, of Yoso
mitc. Mr. McCauley was in town this week
and furnished us with some details of tho
course and .character of this extraordinary
trail. Stalling from tbo valley, the trad
begins to climb tbo southern wall at a point
directly back of Loidig& Da vauay’s hotel. and
about 100 yards from benthiol Hock. Climb
ing the funis it reaches by n zigzag course to a
point back of Black's; tlicucc crossing to a
point back of Hutchings’: thence zigzagging
again it passes beneath Glacier Point and
reaches the brink of the valley close to the
Point on its eastern side. The whole length
of the trail will not exceed three and a quar
ter miles, and one part of it will bo as steep as
some parts of the trail by way of Inspiration
Point. It might be supposed that portions
of such a trail must be so narrow thntatsucdi
dizzy heights few of tbo ordinary visitors to
ibo valley would have the nerve to enable
them to traverse it. Hut we are assured that
is not the case, and sutlicient breadth is se
cured to give travellers a fooling of com
fortable security, whilo tbo extraordinary
character of the route and the scenery must
add great piquancy and interest to “theirex
its and their entrances.” It is expected the
trail will bo passable before December. A point
on this trail, back of Hutchings’ and directly
in front of Yosemitc Fall, is said to bo an ex
ceedingly interesting point of view, com
manding at once every spectacle of beauty
and of majesty in the valley. It seems cer
tain that, to travclleis catering the valley by
way of Glacier Point and this remarkable
trail, the elieefc of the wonderful valley must
he even mure magnificent and imposing than
before.
A Dog Story from Truthful Boston.
From tlio Boston Herald.
Mj, Edward Watts, a well-known citizen
reaiding at No, 23 Harvard street,tell« a verv
remarkable story about a pair of English
bull terriers tbat ho owns and prizes very
highly. He says, and Officer Coombs. of the
Fourth Station, vouches for the truth of the
story, that one day last week he had occasion
to go from his house to Portland street, a
good mile, for the purpose of paying a small
bill. Arriving at Portland street, with the
dogs, he met tho man he wished to sec. on the
sidewalk, and there paid the bill, at the time
dropping a twent3’-dollar bill on the
curbstone, though he knew nothing
about it till his arrival home, some two hours
afterward, and after calling at several places
on his way-home. Finding this S2O bill gone,
he took his dogs and started back, calling at
the places he visited on his way home. On
reaching Sudbury street ho called his dog
Jess, showed him a S2O hill, looked about on
the ground as if hunting for it, and told the
dog to “smell it out.” The dog then started
on with his nose to tho ground in front of
Ms master, and pushing round into Portland
street, where they had been before, and where
the bill was paid, ho stopped, poked about
tbc dirt with Ms nose, aud in a few minutes
ran up to his master with the S2O bill in hi
inouth. That looks like a very tough story,
hut if truthful men are to be believed, then
is this story tmc.
EDUCATIONAL
Cathedral School for Girls,
Cor* Washington and Pcorla-sts.
The winter term of this School wIU begin Monday.
November 20,
CLOTHING.
MONEY
REFUNDED
For ail Goofls BfitoM
(NOT SOILED,)
AT THE
BOSTON
SQUARE
DEALING
ONE-PRICE
CLOTHING
HOUSE,
339 West Madison-st.
AND
173 Twenty-second-st
SILVER PLATED WARE.
SILVER PLATED
WARE.
We have opened a full line of
Silver-Plated Tea Sets, Castors,
Baskets, Butter Dishes, Spoons,
Forks, Knives, &c. Also, an as
sortment of
French Clocks,
Watches,
Jewelry and
Diamonds.
N. MATSON CO.
481 WABASH-AV.
CARPETS AND BEDDING.
CARPETINGS!
JR JE Jil O VtM. JL
ALLEN MACKEY
About »Y«r. 30, to
Cor. State and Monroe-sts.
CARPETS Upholsters will find a good assortment
CARPETS! of Tenys, Reps,
CAItPETS I Hair cloths, Springs,
Twine, Mattresses.
BEDDING Bed Ticking and
BEDDING I Spring Beds,
BEDDING! Lace Curtains.
Lambrequins,
BLANKETS 1 Plano Core™,
COMFORTS! MarecUlea Qnllto,
FEATHERS I Lancaster Quito,
Paper Hangings
Present Location, 744 State-st,
3,000 REAMS
DIAMOND PAPERS
IOR THE
Wholesale Trade,
COBB, ANDREWS CO.’S,
469 TVabash-av.
BUSINESS CARDS.
JOHN W. SIELYj
253 IF. IHadison-st,, cor. Sangamon,
late of 35 Madison-at,
is prepared to offer to the trade a very fine
assortment of HAIR GOODS, LACE COL
LABS, etc.. Fringes, Trimmings, Fur Tas
sels, Shell Jewelry, Notions, etc.
E. BURLING CO.,
ARCHITECTS,
have removed their office to the brick building, on
Cougrcss-st., opposite the Mich
gau-av. Hotel.
Any contractors having plans, or diagrams of any
kind made by them before the fire, will confer a lavoi
by- returning them at once.
DURHAM BONFIELD
Attorneys- at-Law,
706 Wabash-av.
N. P. XGLEHART CO.,
Real Estate Healers
52 East Tan Burcn-st.
DR. J. B. BELL,
DENTIST,
will continue at 457 Wabash-av., where bo will be pre
pared to receive hla frlenda and patients.
YALE LOCKS,
MANUFACTURERS’ AGENCY
E. S. COVEST, 446 State-sfc.
DR. ATKINSON
433 WEST MADISON-ST.
MISCELLANEOUS.
COLTON
Dental Association.

for extracting Teeth WITHOUT PAIN, reopened ai
19 llalstcd-st., between Wasli
ingtou Madison.
GT Artlflclal Teeth inserted. (Cut this out)
Cafe-Restaurant Prancais.
WILL OPES
TO-MORROW, MONDAY, NOV. 20,
THE
French Coffee-Rooms and Restaurant,
at 120 West Wnuhlngion-st*
TOR SALE.
Rectifying Charcoal
We are prepared to furnish Bee-
UGers and Dealers with the best
Coal in use, Ferris’ Patent Recti
fying Charcoal.'
S. E. MINER CO.,
Ehlich’s Hotel, corner Stateand
Twenty- seennd-sts.
1,000,000 Envelopes,
Various Colors and Sizes,
FOR THE
Wholesale Trade,
AT
COBB, ANDREWS CO.’S,
469 Wabash-av.
KNIT GOODS, So.
BURKITT SUTTON,
Have received a full line of
Has, Curtail Mats,
Scarfs and Mittens,
And a full line-of
Cotton and Woollen Hosiery,
Which will he sold CHEAP FOB CASH at
WHOLESALE.
BURKITT SUTTON,
353 West Madison-st.,
Have a full assortment of
HAMIT WORSTED GOODS,
Hosiery, Yarn, and Zephyr Worsted at
RETAIL.
IV. ft i Dill 111.
604 Wabash>av.,
have reopened a X£W asd COUPLETS stock of
NOTIONS, BOSIERy. GLOVES,
FANCY DRY GOODS,
Shawls, Flannels, Knit Goods, etc,,
which they offer to the Trade
at low miens.
t7*ortlers promptly filled and satisfaction guaran
teed.
HARDWARE.
HARDWARE,
AND
TOOLS.
New Goods!
TVew Store!
Old. Prices!
D. H. WELLS CO.,
US. Ilalsted-st.,
MARKLEY, ALLING CO.
nraii iiim'ME,
825 AND 327 STATE-ST.
\te are now opening a new and com
plete stock of AMERICAN, ENGLISH,
and GERMAN HARDWARE, to which
we would invite the attention of the
trade. We keep as good goods and
make as low prices ns any bouse in
Chicago. Orders solicited, particular
ly from our old friends.
MARKLEF, AILING CO.
2,000 GROSS
Colored Toy Books
FOR THE
WHOLESALE TRADE,
AT
COBB, ANDREWS CO.’S,
469 IfVr6«sft-«r.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
IF ¥OU WIST TO SEE
A splendid line of Eastern
Boots Shoes,
Complete in every particular, go to
G. 8. Haiti k Cil.’S,
54 West Randolph-st.
They make no advance in prices on account
of the Fire. Hen’s and Soys’! Kip and Calf
Boots made ENTIRELY BY HAND are a
SPECIALTY with this house.
MILLINERY.
MRS. STOUGHTON,
884 Wabasb-av.,
Will open her importation or
PARIS maiiCVERr for the Win
ter Season on Thursday and Fri
day, Nov. 23 and 24. N'o cards.
DRESSMAKING.
JTRS. SfOULTOX, burnt out at 4.1 East Harrif»n
■st., has resumed business again at 03 Douglaa-plnce.
Cutting and llttlng to order. b V
GROCERIES.
JE S T'IJBIjIS aED 1850.
R. H. COUNTISS,
DEALER 121
Stasis ii Pansy Groceries.
Fine Teas, Wines, Liquors,
Imported and Domestic Cigars*
&C«, &Ci
WHOLESALE A27D RETAIL.
'V*. SIT Stafr-il., cor Sixteenth, Chicago,,
SHIRTS.
The “Eureka” Shirt
Ia made to mcasure'by
P- H. 31 ART,
134 West Madison-st.
The best am! most perfect tilting shirt in the world.
<ix forces. Sample shire at same rate.
STOVES,
STOVES, RANGES,
STOVES, RANGES,
STOVES, RANGES,
AND
Ronsckccplag Goods,
At DALTON’S, cor. Wabash-av. and 22d->t.
INSURANCE.
HEW £HCSXAin>
M. sys. Ins. Company
OF BOSTON.
Policy-holders of the above Company -will
tlieir elaims'to
OEO. C. CLARKE <fe CC\
JDISSOI.trDION NOTICES
DISSOLUTION.
heretofore existing mu ;er the firm
tame of Smith, is dituvolved by m jtual agree*
Stli ttiunr ,lB PUd to Jaw*
e,t Hurrtwra'ftt AU Uab« iltle. of ,a! 4
DraL r tol,e W«aented attbasAme^lw^forjurjaHt.
FINANCIAL.
mom to iom
m collateral security, byE. JACOBS. 2S Qulncy-tt,
between State and Dearborn. Office hoard, from tin
the morning till 4 in the evening.
LATE ZS RANDOLPIIST.
10 Eldrldgej’.-oort.