local anto £>tate Netos.
Another barb r h id pot out his fc tripod pole on
Nlato street—Billy Cooke, the ,'eomcdh*>n.’,
lour tenement house is to be erected m Pitta
ton for the Kennebec I.and ami Lumber Company.
>inee hi* ‘new departure” most likely o*ue oftho
New York robbers distinguished a difference be
tween “Tweed-le de and Tweedle dum!”
The Bath Times has a report that the Maine Cen
tral is going to lease the Knox X Lincoln Bailrond,
and is greatly worried thereat.
We understand that Hart, the popular confec
tioner in this city, was formerly at the head of
C'opi Piud's law 4‘ tabli-liment in Boston.
Mr. T. t». Perkin-, well known in this communi
ty, sends a testimonial in favor of Vdamson’s
B :1 am, which appears in our column-.
Just about one-half of the ice put upon the Ken
nebec was sold la. i .-it turner, thereU»re the harve-t
this winter will lie one-half less in amount than
that of last w inter.
John L. Hall’s Burlesque Opera Troup*- w ill viait
Augusta the last of .human They have juat fin
ished ail engagement in New York, and will make
n short tour eastward. Augusta people, will ball
their return with a good deal oi pleasure.
The children connected with St. Mark’s Sunday
School in tins city, gatheied the rich fruitage of a
heavily-laden Christmas tree at their church on
Wednesday evening. It was a joyful season for
the little folks.
Tic annual lm-eting of the Maine state Agricul
tural Society has been railed by the Secretary, s.
b. Boai#iuan, Ksq., t*> in.-et at the Mate House on
the 17th *ff January, for the choice of officers and
the transaction of other busine-.- that may come be
fore then,
Uov. Mr. Cousens of Ilallowcil .-poke in the
Mi-thodi-t Iiun h at P.tt -ton, last Sunday evening,
on the .-ubj, t of temperanee, to a large audience.
A lively interest i- awakened in lefeicnce to the
suiij t in that goodly village, and the organization
thereof a (old Water Temple, is* in contemplation.
4 Mi New Year’s evening. Monday next, there is to
be a grand musical and dramatic entertainment
i' 1 girt concert at Wyman Hall, south China. A
m t attractive programme Is presented by the
manager-, whose names are sufficient to ensure a
lir-'.-cla-js entertainment. Tickets of admission i”»
cents.
M:.»« Alma 1. Itaker lias n-igned the i.«it Ion oi'
librarian of the irdiner public library and Mrs.
M. Heath elected to All the vacancy. At a
ohm rbig the board of directors, thanks were ex*
tended to Miss Itaker for the faithful and i fli ii rit
manner in w hich she has discharged her duties.
Hu* Governor has appointed Ifon. Charles!*.
Kimhall of Portland, Assi.-tant otnmis.-ionei from
tbs Male on the etdebrafon of the centennial anui*
w'rsary of \merh an independence, to be held in
Philadelphia in l-?*!. Hon. Jo-liua Nye w;i ap»
pointed commissioner la-t summer.
_
'H.e Lewiston .Journal -ay- a young man who
i aim* to that city a few \«ur- ago with several
thou.-and dollar- in ca.-h. w cut into business there
and w aft prospering, but. in an ev il hour, he took to
1 In* -4*4,11 gla--, and in a few month-wasted his
ui dance in riotous living. New> now come- that
he recently died in a poor-holi-c in a w estern city.
Prof, stone i coming here next wet k, to “a.-ton
t-h the natives*’and all others w ho may happen to
be it the city, w ith his wonderful experiments in
1.1* tifc Jliology. Ilis recent success in Portland
i.is beet all that he could have desired. Along
with his ether entertainment the Professor night
v distributes a large lot of valuable presents.
A gentleman purchasing a pair of gloves at a
clothing -tore in this city, on returning home found
m one ot the places designed for a Anger, a valu* j
able gold ring, which had slipped from the hand j
of the clerk w hile he w as parading his wares. The j
proprietors of the aforesaid store don’t w ant it un
derstood that gold rings accompany all gloves dis
posed of at their store.
Those who smoke and chew have repeated warn
ings, but never seem to learn anything but by ex
perience, and -o puff aw ay tolheir self-destruction.
A woman out west was recently cut <>ffin the mid.-t
cipher u-elc-sne.-s a* the age of 11?* years. To a* o
did it. for -he had -moked and chewed f*>r a hundred j
nr About the name time a colored woman,
living near Dumfries, died at the age of it*, and it
i- -aid that “In: pipe was her constant companion.”
Take heed, cm:-timer- of the weed, and do not for
get to awe.-.r i .1 New ear’s day.
There has be* n quite a rush of mechanic.- l<» hi-
cago since the Are. We have seen a letter from a
gentleman in that city stating that immediately after
the lire all suehpartu as were able to build wi-hed
t<» do so in the shortest possible time, in order to
resume biisim on account of the approaching
winter. The demand lor workmen was large, and
some of the mechanic- there "struck'' for higher
pay. 1 li -e pa. lie.- then -cut abroad for workmen,
and the influx was so great that prices fell
to their old standard. The wages of good
brick-layers now rage from $1 50 to ‘..50
per day, according to the .-kill ol the workman.
All places are easily Ailed and there are plenty of
men in Chicago a king for work. If any of our
mechanics have the western fever, they will please
make a note of tnis.
An amusing instance of the way some people
make purchases, and of one of the means ol pure
fuu enjoyed by persons who pass their business
hours behind counters, which the outside world
known nothing of, occurred in this city a few days
before Christmas: A lady went into one of our
fancy-goods stores to percliase a set of good cheap
jewelry—pin and ear ornaments, she was not a
poor woman, either, if dress told anything. After
examining a very large stock, she selected a set,
the price of w hich was twenty th e cents. Finally
she concluded to take only the car-rings. Tin*
clerk did not dare to break the set, without first
consulting with the proprietors; and after doing so
informed the customer, that they did not like t<* do
so, but, “se ing ’twas her.” would depart from their
usual custom “to accommodate,” and would let her
have the earpieces for thirteen cents. Before tak
ing them sin* gravely enquired if the hooks that
went into the ears w ere gold-plated. The clerk
very politely informed her that he could not war
rant them, us his impression w as, they would not
be likely to plate thirteen cent jewelry!
Th? second lecture of the winter’s course w as
given in Granite Hall, last evening, to a good-sized
audience, ljy the Hon. William Parsons of Ireland,
wjiose eloquence and eusy style have charmed
i»very audience before which he has appeared
r-ineo hi:' arrival in this country* Although his
:-abject might seem to be rigidly practical—Ste
phenson, the pioneer of tin* railway enterprise—
the story of hi* life, character and successes was
lull of life and sparkling incidents, and told in a
manner that avoiued all wearisome minuteness of
detal. It was really a popular lecture. George
Stephenson, the subject of the lecture, was born in
1781, in circumstances of great poverty. From
herding cows he was promoted to the high position
of hoeing turnips. Be it said his credit, that he
filled every place well, however humble, lie was
subsequently appointed fireman in a colliery,
w here he applied himself to the diligent *tudy of
the steam engine, often taking the machine jn
pieces, during his leisure hours, and gaining a
thorough practical knowledge of its various parts.
In addition to his regular employment, his spare
time was spent in mending shoes and cleaning
watches, whereby lie was enabled to lay up a few
guineas. At the age of 21 he bought a cottage and
was married—sensible man. Stephenson’s early
life was one grand contest between determined
purpose, industry and sagacity on the one hand,
niul poverty on the other; but the strong soul
triumphed against every obstacle. In 1815 he in
vented a colliery safety lamp, which brought his
name into notice. At Killingworth colliery he con
structed his first locomotive. Improvements fol
lowed until iu 1821 he was appointed engineer for the
construction of the Stockton Darlington Railway,
hat liue on its completion being partially worked
by means of his great invention. When the rail
way between Liverpool and Manchester was pro
jected, George was chosen engineer. Old logiet
were struck w ith a Spanish mill dew when lie an
noimced that he was about to put on the line at
engine capable of making twelve miles an hour
They thought that everything would go to eternal
smash. Then followed Ids triumphs until to the
astonishment ot even himself, an engine was pul
upon the track capable ol travelling at the till then
undreamt-of rate of 33 miles an hour! Now” ex
claimed one of the directors, “George Stephenson
lias at last delivered himself.” Ills success was
inpid. In 1838 alone, HU miles of railway were put
under his direction, involving a capital of live mil
lions. During the railway mania his office in Lon
don was crowded with men ol every rank and
pio-iliou ea.-i-r p, strengthen their enterprises with
the weight of his name. In all the excitement ol
success lie alw ays maintaimd the joyonsness ol
youth, and died on the lith of August, 1848. The
leading leatii[e ol liis mind w as honesty ift purpose
and dcti i urination in carry ing it out.”
Kendall's Mills Items.
Kesiull's Mills, Dec. k’Tth, 1871.
I In I niversali-t society in this place kept
Christmas at their church—had trees well
tilled w itli ‘goodies* for the children, and val
uables for adults, spi aking and singing by the
children. One young gentleman had a gift
oi his own hat which he wore into the church.
Some practical joker took the hat from his
side, wrappi d it up carefully in paper, and
labeled it. and shoved it in among the other
presents. It was called off and received by
labelee, flic wrapper hastily torn off, tried on
anil made a very nice fit; and not until some
minutes later was the joke discovered.
Our French population turned out almost
en mass and went to their Catholic Christmas
in atcrville, where church services were
had in the forenoon and a brisk trade in bad
whiskey and old horses in the afternoon.
K- o. F.vans' apothecary and book store
had a grand rush for Christmas things, and
Thompson Mariner sold lots of dry gools
for the same purpose.
Typhoid pneumonia lias been prevalent in
this town of late, four out of seven cases
proving fatal.
Mi MO.
Fact* for the Ladiex.
A the purchase of a sewing machine is or
may he an net ot a lifetime, care should be
had in getting w hat time and use have ap
prove 1. Hundreds in this city are testifying
to the real worth and merits of the Wheeler
,v Wilson.
Testimonial from T. It. I'crkln*.
GkorcEsiLu, I)i:r. 2Gth, 1871.
1-. W. Kinsman, Esq., My Dear Sir: Ex
cessive business calls alone prevented my
sooner acknowledging the receipt ot your
very valuable favor, and I am now glad to say
that your “Adamson’s Cough Balsam,” i9 the
best and mo.-t efficacious preparation for colds
and coughs that I have ever had in my family.
At the time it was received I was sutfering
badly with Asthma, attended with a dry. hard
cough, loth ot which left me imjnediately
after taking the mixture, and the latter has
not returned since this. It has been several
weeks. Very truly, you friend,
Tiieodokk B. Perkin*.
Watch No. Rh>G, Stem Winder—bearing
Tradi- mark “Frederic Atherfon Co., Mar
ian. N. .J.”—manufactured by the United
States Watch Co., (Giles, Wales Co.,) has
been carried by me three and one half months;
total variation thirty seconds.—Geo. G. Hock
wood, M3 Broadway. ltf&w
Atrothv Arrested.—Fellows’ Compound
Syrup of Ilypophosphites.—-Wasting of the
tissues ot the body is arrested, the muscles
made firm, and the nerves regain their pow
er, l y using Fellows’ Compound Syrup of
Ilypophosphites. dec25-t&wlw.
How unnecessary the anguish many per
sons undergo from rheumatism, gout, neural
gia, toothache, and earache! We say un
necessary because the application of Mexican
Mustang Liniment to the affected part, or a
few drops of it in the ear or tooth, ailords in
stantaneous, and what is better, permanent
relief. For cuts, wounds, bruises, swellings,
and a’.l injuries or diseases which require
treatment externally, this liniment is every,
where regarded as the mo.-t potent and relia
ble healing agent in existence. For all ex
ternal injuries or ailments of horses and cat
tle, it is infallible. dec23*jlweod.
The l.inu Pictorial Annual.
Hostetler’.* United States Almanac for 1*72, for
distribution, gratis, throughout the United States,
and -til civilized countries oi the Western Hernia
pliere, is now published and ready lor delivery,
in the English, German, French, Norwegian.
Welsh, Swedish. Holland, Bohemian and ."qiantsh
languages, and all w ho w ish to understand the true
philosophy of health should read and ponder the
valuable sugge-tiens it contains. In addition to an
admirable medical treatise on the causes, preven
tion and cure of a great variety of diseases, it
embraces a large amount of information interest
ing to the merchant, the mechanic, the miner, the
farmer, the planter, and professional man; and the
calculations have been made lor such meridians
and latitudes as are most suitable for a correct and
Comprehensive National Calem>\k.
The nature, uses, and exhaoidinary sanitary
efleets of 1 b•-u tter.- Stomach Bitters, the staple
tonic an<l alterative of more than half the Chris
tian world, are fully set forth in its pages, which
are also intir.-per.-ed w ith pictorial illu-lrations,
valuable receips for tin* household ami farm, hu
morous anecdotes, and other instructive and
amusing reading matter, original and selected.
Among the Annuals to appear with the opening f
the year, this will be one of the most useful, and
nuii/ be hat If or the a shiny. The proprietors. Messrs.
Hosteller A Smith, Pittsburg, Pa., on receipt of a
two cent stamp, will forward a copy bv mail to
any person v ho cannot procure one in his neigh
borhood. The Bitters are sold in even city, town
and village, and are extensively used Throughout
the entire world. dec23-t A u cod
fHarrirD.
In ibis city, 27th in>t.. by Key. T)r. Bicker. Gran
ville A sturerto Miss May B. Homan, both ©f Au
gusta.
In Gardiner, UUh inst.. G. T. Haley,of Pittston.to
Miss Annie Farrow, of Gardiner; /ad inst Lewi*
F. 1'alboi to Miss Cora J. Stevens, both of that eitv.
In Dexter. 18th inst., Lew is .1. Page to Mi.-s Rosa
B. Weymouth, both of Dexter.
In Pittsfield, nth in-t.. David Tuttle, of Palmyra,
to Mrs. Mary Wing, of St. Albans.
Dice.
In this city. 27th inst., Mrs. Melntable Farnham,
w ife of S. S. Farnhaiu, of Vassnlboro’, aged about
55 years.
N otice, for bent.
Two good houses iu this <*itv. Apply to
decilMtf K. W. WlllTElIOt'sK, All y.
Sewing Machines
The World ltenowned.
Tlie Best on lhu’tli«
The Singer Still Triuinpliimt
This is a fact w hich cannot be denied. Do not
invest your money fora cheap machine which is
liable to get out oi' repair in a short time. But be
fore purchasing elsew here be sure and call at the
rooms of
S. F. DAVENPOItT,
Water Street Hallow ell, Me., where you will be
sure to get a good bargain. Mr. Davenport has
been engaged in the sale and repairing of sew ing
machines for a long time, and he feels confident **i
suiting Ins customers. Always get the best, and
that will prove the cheapest in the end.
augdo-tAw ly
IF VOI WANT
Strictly Pure Spices or Cream Tartar,
(io to fHJlSDLER in Market Square.
I novH-ttf
Maine Central Railroad.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
ON and after Jan. let, and until farther notice,
the Pullman I'urlor nr« now running oil
day trains between Hangorand Huston (via Angus*
j ta) will be transferred lo the other line and run daily
via Danville and Lewi don. The Sleeping Cars ill
continue as usual. L. L. LINCOLN,
rlec38*tlw Ass’t sup’t.
ON Water St., a WALLKT containing note and
a small amount ol money. The Under will
sui abh rewarded bv leaving the sun at No.
HridgeV Hloek. JAMK8 HlCKFoKI).
Augusta, Dee. 27th. 1871. <tee28*•:it*
Wm QUADRILLE RAM).
Augusta, Me.
CKO. CONY. i.-t Violin and Lender
M. II 1*L TTE.VGILL, 2d Violin and Prompter
C ALNL’M, I urionette
[Formerly with Hall’s Hand, H •ston.
T.J. LEWIS,.Cortet
T. A. CHICK,.Has.-.
Music furnished for Halls, A emhlies, la v« es,
Private Parties, A..-.
Address Oeo. Cony, "ny House, Augusta. Me.
Dec. 2T, 1871. dec28-;2w-wtf
HL.AiVIi
BOO IK. .Si
I HAVE JUST
Added to My Stock,
A Large and Complete Assortment
OF BLANK BOOKS.
Call and Examine
BEFOUL l’l U( IfAsIM; EX.^EWHEIil
WAX LEAVES!
A LARGK AM) FI LL
A SS OR T AI K X T
-OK-
SHEET WAX,
TOOLS AND MATERIALS
For Making Wax Flowers
NI>—
l i: a i: s
IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.
i \l i \N1> EXAMINE MV >TOC K
J. F. Pierce,
1 Door South of Kinsman.
NEW GOODS!
Xew Styles for Fall anti Winter
JUST RECEIVED AT
R O R E R T S
Complete Xew Stock of Gent?’Goods. The V A N
DKUBILT HAT i- a splendid thing. Don’t fail to
call and take a look.
ROBE ItTS’ i? the place to goforyourHate,Caps,
Cuffs, Collar?. Shirt?. Gloves, Suspender?. Hand
kerchief?, I’mbrellas, Trunks, Valise?: in fact Rol>
erts keens all 01 the latest styles and the best lot lo
be found in Hallowell.
Ladies’ Goods.
A splendid assortment of Hoop >kirts. Corsets,
Hosiery, Cuff', Collar?, Traveling Bags, Velveteen
for sacks, and overskirts. Also ladies under vest*
and pants. Ladies’ travelling bag? for one dollar.
Alitor the ladies. A large h»t of Ladies’ Jewelry.
Robert? aUays ?ellt* cheap for cash. Persons out
of town will do well t«> call, lie member the place,
American Aatiouul I»uxik Building.
Water st., Hallowell Me.
MIXAllD IIOBERT8,
Oct. 5,1871. ttf
TRe Latest
—IMPROVED—
Wheeler Wilson
Sewing Machine
Just the Thing for a New Year's Present.
iit‘<-23-:tt
New and Beautiful Styles Jewelry,
GO TO
E.Howsc's.
JUST THY
THAT
O o long Tea
That CHAXDLfeR is belling for 05 cents a
}m>iiik1 at the
MARKET SQUARE GROCERY STORE.
novll-ttl
A. F. EMEHY
-DEALER 1N
Beef, Fork.
.^Button, Veal,
i onltry. Tripe,
Sati*ageK, Frilii,
Vegetables, Ac.
No. 2 Market Square,
AUGUSTA.
novlO-ttt
HOME
INSURANCE COMPANY
NEW YORIC,
ASSETS OCT. 20tl>, 1871,
$4,0 OiO, O O O
|A tier paying Chicago losses.
M. V/. FARE, Agent,
DARBY BLOCK,
Augusta, Maine.
ooBO-tq
FOR
Fancy Silver Ware in Cases,
For Bridal and Holiday Present*,
GO TO
decl tAw E. UOWSE’8.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE
Daily Kennebec Journal.
News from New York.
New York, 28. The whereabouts of Tweed
is said to be constantly known to the sheriff.
He has never left the city and has no such
intention. It is said that he lias been at the
office of the public works this forenoon, where
he had an interview with several friends.
Justice Scott says lie saw hioi this afternoon
in a comfortable place in the city. The
justification of his bondsmen was continued
to-day, anti Messrs. E. 1’. Fairchild and
O. Cornell were accepted. The sheriffs at
taches express the beliet that the sureties will
he entirely settled to-morrow. It is staled
that each signer of the hail bond is responsi
ble fur the whole amount a fact which dntiht
less, caused the withdrawal of Torcne
Farley and others.
The Central Savings Bank on filh avenue
and 42 1 street, has suspended—it* officer*
say for a day or two only. The hank has
been organized only four months, and having
§12,00 deposited.
The*Ocean Bank has been unable to honor
all checks. The aggregate of the deposits
is not large, though the depositors are num
erous* Tile officers say the hunk will pay
all obligations, and the trouble will probably
cease after the 1st ol January.
A motion for discharge was made to-day
before 1. S. Commissioner Osborne in tin
ease of bank examiner Callender, and was
opposed by the District Attorney. Decision
reserved.
Michael Murphy a post office clerk, was
to-day hel l in 83000 bail on the charge of
embezzling two letters.
The New York Fire and Lite Insurance
Companies to-day presented a testimonial to
the superintendent of insurance, George \Y.
Miller, signed by 171 of the leading fire and
life insurance companies. The testimonial
endorsed Mr. Miller fully ns to his ability,
the value of bis public services, and his up
rightness and integrity as an officer and a
man.
Judge IJarnard to-day issued a peremptory
order for the discharge of llemlett one of the
Ludlow street jail prisoners, but granted a
stay often days to permit the sheriff to bring
the question of jurisdiction before the gen
eral term. A decision in this case will be
the test as to others.
A resolution granting permission to place
tubes uuder the ts for carrying persons
anil merchandise. ottered in the board of
assistant aldermen to-day an referred to the
law- department.
G n. John Coshcrane took oath before
Judge Cardozo as a member of the newly
chosen board of aldermen.
Ttie Board of Appeals of the national
trotting congress considered several cases to
day. including that of Col. Moulton of Mys
tic Park.
Maj. Benj. V. ChnmbeTlain died in New
ark Tuesday evening.
The persons arrested as swindlers by tin
watch trick seem to have victimized over one
hundred individuals. Twenty affidavits have
already been made against them for amounts
ranging Iron-: 670 to $350. They were com
mitted for trial in the- default of a heav^bail.
Seventy-two eases of small pox have been
reported in Brooklyn during the week.
The schooner Justice from Millston Point
gut oft'the rocks and beaclu-d it Astoria.
The Jersey City authorities are in an un
comfortable position by the unexpected action
of the managet s of the First National Bank,
who claimed that the city owed them 6!25,
000, and have paid themselves by transfer
ring to their own account 6J.sJ.00U, deposited
to the credit of the city. This action is all
the more disagreeable from the fact that war
rants to the amount of $100,000 were dis
honored. The i dicers of the bank say they
were compelled to act thus by the city au
thorities, paying the claims of the Hudson
County Bank to the exclusion of those of the
First National.
lire.
bjuebec. 28. A large fire originated in
Guay Co.’s dry goods and grocery store on
John street, and spread to the Russell house
and grocery store of George Hall. Total
toss $50,000. Guay Co., insured for $15,
000 in the Liverpool. London and Globe and
Aetna Co.'s The llussell ouse is slightly
damaged.
The Weather.
Wau Detautment,
Office <>f thf, Chief Signal Officer.
Washington, l)tc. 28.-7 1'. M.
1* KO INABILITIES.
Cloudy weather will probably extend very
generally Friday from the Atlantic coast to
to the Western plains, and the barometer
will fall with a stationery or rising tempera
ture over this area. Soutluastly winds with
rain on the Gulf and threatening weather in
the Southern and Middle States. Southeast
erly wind backing to the South with a rising
tempefature from New England to the lower
lakes. The lowest barometer will move
eastward into Illinois with rain to the south,
ward and snow to the northward ot its path,
and brisk winds on Lake Michigan by
Friday morning. Dangtrous w inds are not
anticipated for tin* Atlantic coast to-night.
Election,
Bangor. 28. J. S. Wheelwright, republi
can, was elected Mayor to*day. The vote
cast was a very light one, the democrats
making no nomination.
Six Person* Burned to Death.
Chicago, 2>. A horrible calamity occurn d
at Flories, Davis county, Iowa, a few nights
ago. A man, his wife ami four children
were burned to death in their shanty, the
neighbors not being aroused nor the tire dis
covered until the next morning, w hen the
j charred remains were lound.
__
Disastrous Fires.
Little Hock, Ark., 18. One of the largest
fires that ever occurred in this city has been
raging since ten o’clock. The w hole of tin*
I buildings from McAlmont’s Corner to the
Odd Fellows building are destroyed, includ
ing the Journal printing otliee.
News From Washington.
Washington, 28. Charles P. Kimball lias
been appointed commissioner to the centen
nial celebration in Philadelphia in 1870.
Lieut-Commander Joseph 11. Coghlan has
been ordered to the Hydrographic otliee,
Lieut. Geo. 11. Barncll to Worcester. Lieut.
Commander George Dew ay lias been detached
from the Boston Navy Yard and ordered to
duty at Newport.
The United States Charge de Affairs at Con
stantinople has communicated to the Secre
tary of the State a despatch, showing in
creased facilities for passing merchant ves
sels through the Bosphorus and Dardanelles,
and also the relative measures adopted by the
Ottoman Government in regard to draw* back
duties of the customs and goods intransit.
The only fees paid by merchant vessels pas
sing through the straits are amounts payable
for firmans and light houses, 'flte past
charges are insignificant according to the
terms of the commercial treaties concluded
between the sublime port and friendly pow
ers. The merchandise, which after having
paid the port duties of 8 per cent, and not
sold i i the empire, but xportcd w.thin a
period of six months must be considered and
treated as being intransit.
The Wharton Cate.
Annapolis, 28. In the Wharton trial to
day, Miss Nellie Wharton, daughter of the
prisoner testified to taking front home the
Thursday previous to General Ketchum’s ill
ness, a phial of paregoric, which she left at a
house she visited. That all medicines in her
mother’s bouse were kept in a washstand in
her mother’s room. That she went to it con
stantly. The phial found in Ketchum’s room
was shown to the witness, who said she had
never seen it before, The day Gen. Ketehum
died when she returned home she was posi
tive she had never seen any such phial in the
house. She was absent from home for the
purpose of making farewell visits previous to
her departure for Kurope which had been de
termined upon about a year previously she
had at that time $lo,000 in government bonds
of her room and under her own control. On
the announcement of Gen. Ketchum's deatli
Mrs. iluttou gave her his pocket hook, watch
keys. Sc., which she locked up and kept them
until Clias. Ketehum came over on the fourth
of July. She then gave to her mother who
gave tligm to (.'has. Ketehum. Miss Nellie
Mayor of Baltimore testified to an intimate
acquaintance with the Wharton family, saw
Gen. Ketehum there frequently Jin conversa
tion. He told witness that lie was in the
habit of taking medicine from a bottle with
out measurement. Adjourned until to-mor
row.
EUROPEAN NEWS.
Lisbon, 28. The German squadron bound
to Rio Janerio to settle the difficulty between
Brazil and Germany ii houriy expected oil
the Tagus.
Horn 28. Several Italian Archbishops
and Bishops waited on the King Christmas
and presented congratulations.
London, 28. Business will be partially
suspended Saturday. The cotton markets
w ill be closed at Liverpool, and there will be
little business in London. New Year's dav
will be observed as a close holiday. Business
will be wholly suspended.
The Standard lias a report that the French
squadron will proceed immediately to Greece
to support the claims of the French citizens
to the silver mines of Laurinna.
1 he Mot 3 Irdre is authority Tor the report
that the Prince de Joinville is about to re
sign his seat to strenghen the position of the
Duke D’Aumale.
President Thiers gives a State dinner Sat
urday in honor of the Emperor and Empress
of Brazil.
Vienna, 2-. In the Reichstrath to-day the
Emperor Francis Joseph delivered a speech
tiom the throne. After the customary formal
congratulations Ilis Majesty proceeded to
deal with home questions, his readiness to
grant extreme concessions. He is sorry to
sav he has not brought internal harmony to
tiie State as desired. The Crown while it
contemplate* the existence of separate king
iom3 with constitutional satisfaction, claim*
that its act* are in the interest ot the whole
empire, as well as of individual States. The
i government will accede to the wishes of
Galicia, so far as is compatible with the in
t rests of the empire. Measures are prom
ised which w ill render the Reichstrath a com
plete representative body. Bills to reform
i lection abuses and improve the pecuniary
condition of government officials, and the
poorer clergy will be submitted, and a prompt
settlement of educational questions is recom
mended. Regret is expressed at the fact
that a portion of the empire remains, that is,
unrepresented in the Reichstrath, where
alone the attainment of an understanding is
possible. Deputies are exhorted to supply
the spiritual and material wants of the coun
try. The Emperor closes bv declaring that
Austria is weary of internal conflicts and de
sires peace and order. The times were never
more prosperous. The aspect of Europe and
tin- foreigh relations of the empire are favor
able tor the maintenance of peace and the
unification of Austrians.
l’uris, 28. A deputation from Lyons waited
upon President Thiers to-day and asked him
to raise the state of siege existing there.*
Thiers promised to consider the subject.
Count Remesat lias forwarded to Berlin a
reply to the last despatch from Prince Bis
marck.

In the assembly to-dav’ President Thiers
insisted that the committee who have under
consideration the proposed act allowing an
increase in the circulation of the bank ot
France to submit their decision to the as
sembly immediately for action.
Telegraph News in Genera!.
Kastport, Me., 28. Schooner Volta of St.
(Jorge, Me., went ashore on Deer Island,
X. IK, last Saturday night. She will go to
pieces.
Cleveland, O., 2S. Alexis left this after
noon tor Detroit.
Albany. X. Y., 2-. The gales on Saturday
evening did great damage in Schoharie coun
ty, levelling fences, timber, &c.
Liverpool. 28. Arrived, ship Confidence,
from Xew York.
Bath. Me., 28. There was launched to
day from the yard of Messrs. K. A. Sewall,
a tine ship of 102U tons, named Humboldt.
She was rigged on wavs and will be ready for
sea in about ten d s. Her owners are K.
A Sewall, T. Mulct'd, 1’. Bradstreet
and Captain John Diu.mnond, who will com
mand her. She is classed A. 1 for 11 years,
on French Lloyds register.
Chicago, 28. The coroner's jury has all
day been investigating the McCoy abortion
ease. The evidence has proved pretty con
clusively that an aboition had been prac
ticed upon the lady, but it was also shown
tb it it Incheon done before she reached this
j city. William Shorer, baggage master, and
Mrs. Fahlbruseli, a female physician, at
w hose hnu.se Mr-. McCoy died, have been
discharged, a- the evidence failed to crimi
i ally connect them with the case,
It i- rumored that J. Young Scammon an l
others have purchased the Chicago Uepubli
c in, and it is to be placed under the editorial
I managemi nt of Sin,ley Howard Gay, former
ly ot the X. Y. Tribune.
Columbia, S. 28. In the United States
Court to-day, John S. Miller was found
guilty of Ku-Kluxisni. Judge Bond an
nounced the decision of the court overruling
Stanherry’s motion for a new trial and arrest
ot judgment. All the defendants so far con
victed and who pleaded guilty have been sen
tenced.
FINANCIAL COMME11CIAL
New York Money Market.
New York, December 23.
(.old eluted at 108!*'
United States Sixes (coupons), 1381 117V S
5-20’s 1862, 1010,3
1864, lull?!, 3
1865, 1I1V9
o 1805, Jan. A July, 1HVU
1867, 115 s a
t86b; 1150 a
10-40’8,ioottpons) loti V a
t‘aclll Ixes, 1031,,#
Centr Pan:lies 02\ 3
Union a
New York Stock Market.
New York. December,28.
Muripi i do pub, Canton Co. 71 Cum
bcrlaud Co. to Western Union Tel. Co., 70V
t.'uick-Uver Mining Co,,24b; Paeille Mail, 53V;
Hu-toti Water Power, 40 Adams Lx. Co.. Ot
Wells. Largo A Co., .si American Merchants Ua
•V.I V U. 8. Lx. Co., <14V i N. Y. Central A Hudson
Uiver, 04 v do. scrip. 8MX Erie,32’,; do. pld.tkf
Harlem, 118 do. pfd 122 Reading. Ill* Mich.
Central, 110 Lake Shore and Michigan Southern
b-*; Illinois Central 131 {Cleveland A Pittsburg.
12> j; Chicago A North Western. w*; do. pfd bio,,
Chicago A Rock Island, 106* Mil. A St. Paul 53*
do. pld., 7b* Toledo, Wabash A Western, 7o*;
do. pld s4 Pittsburg A Fort Wayne, 05 Terre
Haute, 15 do. pfd 45; Alton, 116 do, pfd 120
Ohio A Miss., 45*;Boston, Hartford A Erie. 2*
New York Produce Market.
New York, December, 28.
COTTON—sales 1211 bales: m!d.nnlands20
FLOUR—88000; state 560{j 7i0; round hoop Ohio
<MOa73o western 5 G0g7 ,15 southern <k50gP325.
WHEAT 7000 bu; No. 2 spring 147g 150 new
fo 2 do .w inter red and amber western 157
CORN— M000 new mixed western 77 fi7b
00
OATS—sales 56000 western 54 t|56
PORK— new mess, 14.73. old, 13.00
13 62 prime,
LARD 8*8 0* steam: 3 kettle, 10*.
BUTTER—West’n. 11623; state, 23§34.
WHISKEY' Western free, 91
RICE—Carolina, 8*68*.
SUGAR— Porto Rico, a Muscovado, 9 69*.
Chicago Produce M rket.
Chicago, December 28.
FLOUR—spring extras
WHEAT—So. 2, 118* 9
CORN—40*
o a Ts I] for No. 2
RYE—No 2,62*
HARLEY—60* lor No. 2,
MESS PORK— 13 20
LA hi) b*.
LIVE HOGS—425.
RECEIPTS—3000 flour, 20.000 wheat 100,000 corn
33,000 oat.-*. 1000 barley, 4,000 hogs.
SHIPMENTS—3000 flour, 10,000 corn 8000 oats
•J0C0 barley 30,00 hogs.
Cincinnati Produce Market
Cincinnati, December 28.
MESS PORK—13 5o
LAUD 8*.
BULK MEATS—sides 6*
BACON—shoulder, 6 clear rib 8; sides 7
WHISKEY'—91
Report of Hie Attorney-General.
The annual report of Attorney-General
Heed has been transmitted to the Secretary
of State, before publication. The following
arc the matters of most general interest:
The case of the State against tho Peek
bondsmen, as the newspapers have before re
ported. will come again before the law court
in July next, for a hearing which the Attor
ney-General ventures to hope will be final.
Judgment has already been rendered for the
State for the amount of the bond, and execu
tion ordered to issue for $39,231.19, with in
terest from January 13. 1801, amounting in
all t» over $64,000. A final hearing has been
allowed by Judge Tapley on exceptions. The
matter of the State against Walter Brown
and John Wyman, who obtained from Treas
uer Peek some 84500 belonging to the State,
has been compromised, with the approval of
the Governor and Council, under the author
ity ot a resolve adopted by the legislature of
lts71. tine of the defendants is dead and the
other well stricken in years, and tho claims
have been settled for $3200.
In the case of Reed, Attorney-General,
against the Portland and Kennebec Railroad
Company, an information in the nature of a
writ of quo warranto, to test the validity of
the so-called consolidati >n of the Portland
and Kennebec Railroad Company with the
i Maine Central Company, the fml- were
agreed upon the arrangements ly the Atfor
I ney-Ucncral and by the counsel for the de
fendant corporation, Messrs. ,1. II. Drum
mond and Artemas Libby, were submitted to
tbe lull court in July. No decision has yet
been rendered.
The ease of the Penobscot Indians against
the Veazie heirs, an action brought by di
rection ot the legislature, to establish the
title to the Grassy Islands in the Penobscot
river near Oldtuwn, has been decided iu favor
of the heirs.
Three capital cases are included in this re
port—the trial of Edward L. Iloswell, con
victed of the crime of manslaughter com
mitted at Uuliowell; of John Daly, arrested
at Lewiston for murder, and acquitted on the
ground that the act was committed in self
defence; and of Elliridge Heed, convicted of
the murder of John Ray in Penobscot coun
ty.
T ho Iloswell trial illustrate* a defect in
our laws to which the Attorney-General ad
verted last year, and to which lie returns in
the present report. The only witness of the
murder w as Roswell's wife, yet her testimony
was excluded by her husband's objection,
while the criminal himself was henrd. Mr.
Heed argues that the statute admits the tes
mony of husbands and wives when most like
ly to be true, thus defeating justice for tbe
sake of protecting a problematical domestic
harmony. In a case in Massachusetts a hus
band found his wite in the act of adultery,
and pursuing the adulterer in court, was de
nied a hearing as witness on the ground that
his evidence uld implicate his own wife.
“If such should prove to he the law in this
State," says the Attorney-General, the imi
t.ftors of Sick! ('ole and McFarland would
have a nearer approach to a decent excuse tor
taking the law into their own hands than was
ever supposed.”
The method of taking recognizances in
criminal case-, the report says, is the subject
of complaint n the part of the County \t
torncys. Any two justices of tile peace,
chosen by the accused, may admit him to
bail, and in certain eases even reduce the
amount; they may take such sureties as
they choose, and cxeicise entire control of
the whole matter. In Bangor, not long since,
a prisoner accused of a serious offence, was
held by the Judge of tho police court, in
$7000, and two sureties offered f ir that sum
were refused because by their own showing
hey were not worth so much. The bail was
afterwards increased to $10,000, and the
prisoner went to jail; but that night two jus
tices of the peace accepted as sureties tor
$10,000 the very men whom the police judge
hud in open court, in the same case, on the
same day, refused for $7000. The Attorney
General observes that since justices of the
pence have been deprived of most of their
judicial functions by the laws creating trial
justices, the character of those functionorics
has materially changed, and our system of
bail ought .to be changed accordingly.
Tile County Treasurers are again delin
quent, less than one third of them having re- j
ported the expenses of eriniiii.il proceedings
in their several counties.
STATE NEWS.
The Whig says that the case of State vs.
George 1>. Stowe and Benjamin E. Terry
was taken ii]> again in the Police Court Tues
day. Our readers will remember that they
were arraigned on Thursday, charged with
obtaining $20,000 from Joseph W. Pollard
ot Oldtown, under false pretences, hut no ex
amination was lmd, and the ease was con
tinued until aft. r Christmas, lion. G. P.
Sewall of Oldtown, will, Brown, lCsq., of
Bangor, appeared tor the prosecution, and
Hon. W. 11. McCrillis of Bangor, for the re
spondents The ease excites considerable
interest in that vicinity, and the court room
was crowded with spectators. The warrant
charges the respondents with (I), obtaining
money under false pretenses, and (2) con
spiracy to obtain money of complainant. The
investigation is now in progress.

A courageous Kennebec corr. spondent of
the Maehias 1 nion writes to that paper: The
grasshoppers did a bad thing for our farm
ers, but they don't intend to “lay down in the
ditch” and give up in dispair on account ot
the grasshoppers. Their “heads are up"
and they will do more farming next year,
than they have done any proceeding year.
Mr. Edward M. Young, a brakeman on the
Portland Ogdensburg railroad, was quite
badly injured late Tuesday afternoon by be
ing struck on the head by a bridge near
White Rock, under which the freight train j
on which he was was passing, llis wounds
are not considered dangerous.
The dwelling house of Jonathan Bryant of
South Livermore, was broken open Sstuf*
day morning while he was absent from home'
and twelve hundred dollars in money was
taken from his trunk. Five hundred dollars
of the amount was in coin.
The Press says that Frank J. Foiled of
Portland, for many years foreman of the
Press office, and for the last year or more,
occupying the same position on the Adverti
ser, died at his residence on Wednesday. He
had been in failing health for some time, his
disease being dropsy, but his death was Some
what sudden and will surprise and grieve a
large circle of friends. Mr. Follett was a
good printer, a smart energetic man, faithful
to his employers and always enjoyed their
respect and confidence. His age was forty
three years. He leaves a widow and three
children.
The Bangor Whig says that the extensive
steam lumber mill at Medway, owned and
run by Henry Poor Sons, was entirely de
stroyed by fire Tuesday afternoon, together
with all its contents, including saws, shingle,
lath, ami clapboard machines, planers, etc.—
The mill cost over $10,000 and was insured
for about 87000. The enterprising owners
will doubtless rebuild immediately, as a mill
i» much needed in this thriving "and rapidly
growing village.
A new engine named “R. B. Dunn,” was
placed on the Maine Central road last week
to take the place of the broad gauge engine
of the same name, which was recently sold.
The engine is a first-class machine, and ia to
he used in connection with the “A. D. Lock
wood" to take the through train* Into Port
land.
Our tin wedding occurred on Christina*
evening, and as it happens only once in a
life-time it is not strange that we celebrated
it with unusual interest. The “Greek*
bringing gifts” did not come, and though the
“tin" was missing we had a Tery enjoyable
time.—Gardiner Journal.
Mr. Joseph Sylvester of Brunswick, who
departed this life a few days since, wa* one
of the oldest, if not the oldest Mason in
Maine, having been raised to the sublime de
gree of Master Mason in Freeport Lodge in
1818, Dec. 5th, Freeport Lodge being then
under the jurisdiction of the Grand Lodge of
Massachusetts. Mr. Sylvester was the last
member of Freeport Lodge living at the time
lie was made, and his Diploma he received is
a venerable looking document, and contain*
the name* of some of the ancient settlers of
the town, the last oi whom has now gone to
join the Grand Lodge above, where the Su
preme Architect of the Universe reside*.—
Bath Times.
This is the season of the year when the
benefactor coiueth with his hod and shevel,
and scatteretli the ashes over the slippery
places, and all the people bless him from the
bottom of their soles.—Belfast Journal,
It is thought that Mr. Cressey, who was so
severely injured on the city buildings, will
recover.
The Ellsworth American says that the
ladies of Sedgwick, have more than Bine
hundred dollars for their proposed hall, and
it is expected that it will be built the coming
1 year.
The Rockland Free Press says that Gen.
Gilley has received a letter from Mr. Blanch
ard ot Portland, United States Pension Agent,
saying that there appears to be little Joubt
.that the mail for Rockland on the 8th of De
cember was robbed. At that date some twen
ty-four checks for this city were sent, and
they were probably all stolen. In the same
case were checks sent to Thomatlon. TJbo
checks for that locality were all payable at
either the Merchant's National Bank of Port
land, or by the State National Bank, Boston,
as desirable.
Washington Matters.
Henry K. Seaver of New Hampshire has
been appointed chief cleric of the First Audi,
tor 8 office, vice Itavid W: Mahon, promoted
to First Auditor.
The following post office changes in Maine
were announced Wednesday, viz At San
geriiile, David II. Morgan is appointed post
master vice D. R. Williams, resigned: at
Milford, Albert Gerrish appointed postmas
ter. vice Alonzo B. Morrill, resigned; and at
Howland, A. II. Waymouth appointed post
master, vice F. Ingalls, resigned.
The President-received telegraphic intelli
gence Wednesday that his father is pra
nounced out of danger, and authorizes the
announcement of the customary official re
ception at the White House on New Year's
day. The diplomatic corps are to be re
ceived at eleven, the judiciary at half-past
eleven, the officers of the army and navy at
noon, the old soldiers at half-past twelve, and
citizens from one until two.
The roof of the Capitol is said to bo haunt
ed by a ghost, or some crazy fellow often
walks about there at night, to the bewilder
ment ot the Capitol Police. F'riday night the
outside watchmen were certain that they saw
a man walking on the roof of the Represen
tatives- wing, and they rallied the officers on
duty in doors, who placed a guard at the up
per staircase, and then searched the roof,
without finding the adventurous intruder.
Mrs. E. A. Pollard, the wife of the histo
rian ot the "Lost Cause,” and possessed of a
good deal of notoriety in her own right, has
had a case before the circuit court for the
past few days which has furnished the local
papers with a sensation. More than'two
years ago Mrs. Pollard came to Washington
and made a contract for running a kind of
boarding house, called by her the St. Cloud
Hotel. She was to have one-fifth of the pro
fits. In a few months she and I-yon, the
owner of the house, hail trouble, the stories
ot which afforded a good deal of scandalous
gossip. The result was that Mrs. Pollard
was taken to an insane asylum by Lyon.
When she recovered her reason she brought
three suits against him,—one for damages for
violation of the hotel contract, one for slan
der and one for assault. In the first one the
trial was concluded Wednesday, and she was
awarded $10(10. No more scandalous and
indecent testimony was ever put before a
court or printed in the newspapers. It is
stated that Lyon has suffered to the amount
ot $10,000 hy Ids connection with Mrs. Pol
lard, but it does not appear that either of
them have any reputation at stake. The
only loss is pecuniary.
IfEWS BY MAIL.
The Connecticut democratic State conven
tion lias been called for February 6.
The Prince ot Wales improves but slowly,
and the Queen has returned to Sandringham.
In the French assembly the proposal for a
general income tax was defeated by a large
majority.
The Ogden City (Utah) Mormon band on
Monday serenaded Senator Sargent of Cali
1'tphi. while on his way to Washington, D.
C He made a speech denouncing polygamy
ami received cheers.
It is reported on good authority that all
the British troops, except a few artillery, will
be withdrawn from Halifax in the spring, the
only garrisoned city now in the New Do
minion.
C. 1). May, secretary of State of Oregon,
is supposed to be a defaulter to the amount
of $14,000, and an officer has been despatch
ed to Salt Lake City to arrest him.
The new board of aldermen of New York
consists of eight democrats and seven repub
licans. The assistant aldermen will consist
of thirteen democrats and eight republican*.
As the new members cannot obtain their
seats, the legislature will be asked to im
mediately decide between the rival boards.
The Soldiers’ Home at Kiogtown, Ind.,
was burned on Monday morning. The In
mates were transferred to Dayton, O.