Tv’
state 6F"bubopb.
t _^ri(i, Bene 4« to B Revelations as to the
„s ort in of the Franco-
German War.
The Last Convention Betweeii
Gwmany and France,
&citement to Austria Over the
V Bohemian Pretensions.
Extraordinary Sensation Created
by tbe Chicago Fire.
German Colnage-Cerman
Protestant Assembly— Sjgnif
leant Incident at
Berlin,
Special Correspondence or Tlie Cldc.ro Tribune,
i Berlij.% Pjjunsia, October id-
BEXEDETTI’s book.
Beiiodctti'a book. Justifying ids diplomatic
■ctioa mPruss.a, makes no little sensation
The g atral impression it leaves on
t er UI nS 18 a f,,llcr acquittal, if possible,
irom mi responsibility in their part of the
war. It justifies Benedetti in allowing that'
ho only followed orders, especially in bis
3Boßt exceptionable actions: bnt it thereby
places the responsibility the more heavily on
Gnunmont and Napoleon, if not on the French
nation. It shows how eager the French Min
istry were for war, urging one pretext after
.another, which poor Benedetti had often to
present against his wishes; and how, finally,
he was instructed, in the event of an insult,'
which he was ordered to pro
voke. to frame a despaeh which the
Minister of Foreign Affaire could read to the
Legislative Assembly as a lirebraud of war.
Tho enemies of Napoleon, both in France and
Gumrany, are making political capital oul of
this book, taking the occasion to warn tiro
people against a dynasty so lielligerently in
clined, and against such a self-destructive
policy as that of Napoleon. This, in connec
tion with Napoleon’s letter to the late Sir
John Burgoyne, offers a siiotial opportunity
capital. Tills last, written from
Wuhelnuhoohe, accounts for the misfortunes
of Sedan chiefly by a movement which Na
poleon says ho was “required to take for po
litical reasons.” The hook of Bencditti fur
nishes also a variety of interesting informa
tion, in regard to tho endless diplomatic
efforta of the French to acquire the west
jank of the Rhine, ami to prevent the exten
sion Prussia hi the north. Among the
other phu?« of Napoleon, one was to erect the
Rhine Province into a neutral kingdom,
under the dynasty* °f the Prince of Hohenzol
lern,—the same who since became the uu-
Villiug canso of the war. It appears also,
that Article V. of the Treaty of Prague,
which holds back Prussia from Non. Schles
wig, was entirely the work of France, «*ul
not specially demanded by Austria; which
accounts, by the way, for the circumstance
that Anstna has since not been concerned
v lO atioM It may not be generally
known but the whole Treaty of Prague 11, v
which the war between Prussia and Austria
ln i'SJ™- closc<l was made between France
and Press,a rather than lietween Austria and
Prussia, or, as Bismark observes, between
three powers with but two agents. I„ tbe.Span
isb throne question, it appears that Bismark
informed Benedetti that Prince Frederic
Lari was also a candidate, but that the re
ligions question was unavoidable in the wav
and could not be set aside by the Prince's
passing over to the Catholic religion. Bis
mark further said that he had no confidence
in the political capacity of Frederic Carl,
although ho admitted his military talents
From this circumstance—at least there is no
sn> C f'ur| fl i C C i Kronod alleged—Prin ee Fred
nre .S Ar always remained the hitter cne
-I 1 appears also from the
Benedetti. that Bismark diii not at
any time make promises to France (to rede
German territory) which he did not keep: but
lout it never came to a question of trrntori-il
cession, .except of neutral lamls,—BoJgiun
Luxembourg, Switzerland,-which, bovver
tbej both w?emccl not unwilling to sacrifice
for the sake of peace, somewhat after the
manner of of Artemus Wjinl—who was will
SC t SL/ T« r r«“- llis v™* rclatimif for tbe
*ak«ofuie Union.
TliK Kn.vyc<Mii:UMAN CUNVK.NTIUN.
tlon i b M t VC r t,u ,h V French Minis.
U h a, i‘! thc I»“Pcnal Chancellor,
jn regard to tho Alsaco customs and the G«r
man evacuation, has douhtlivss hail a success-
issum although the result will not bo
pnhbc UU m the Kings address this
afternoon. It is understood that, in eonse-
of the liberal tonus granted by Franco
for this trades! Alsaoo uml Lorraiuo, the Gor
man troops that wore to have linen detained
in tho in tenor of Franco till the Ist of next
May, will bo immediately withdrawn. SI.
Pouyer-Oucrtier has left Berlin, hi sidy satis
fied with the result of his mission; since, for
some unexplained reason, Thiors has bout
every energy to get the Gennans as quickly
as possible away from the centre of France.
THE FJtBXCiI ELKCTJOXS,
In the elections of Franco themseems to
have been a moderate victory of the moder
ate party~not a very brilliant or delinitc ouo
for anybody. It was a decided defeat of the
Bonapartists and Legitimists, or the Mon
archical-clerical party. The greater number,
candidates chosen were neither
Bonapartist, Legitimist, Orleauist, fjor Ke
publ&an, lint supporters of the present gov
ernment andpobey, whatever that way bo;
ifor there has always been a groat body in
Franco who are for sustaining tlio dynasty
•or party in power, which will always make
nny party strong which gets the throne, or
ahe upper hand. It was this clement which
rolled up the millions for Kopoleou in the
plebiscite of 1870. It corresponds to the
“floating vote” in tho United Status.’which
always makes sum of the successful candi
date; though it is much stronger than the
latter.
THE BOnKMIAX PRETENSION'S.
The revolutionary stand of Bohemia has
raised an immense furoroju Austria.as was to
havc been espeetcd. Hardly anything else
has tilled the journals and the public atten
tion for the past week. The Czects seem,
to have gone too far for their own
purposes, as their iirctensiuns are now
wholly unveiled. and. in their extravagance
condemned* Those who had heretofore
stood by them in their contest against cen
tralization now forsake them on account of
their disunionism. Hungary conies out
strongly ou the side of the Germans, preserv
ing no longer her accustomed inditVerence.
This State has always, indeed, been rather
llberali'y inclined, and has hated the Jesuiti
cal control in Bohemia. Js’ow it declares that
it wants to lie united to Austria only under
the constitution. Even the Poles are becom
ing jealous of the Boliemtans, and are begin
mug toopposcthoirtooexclusivepretcnsious;
at least, such is the inference from the latest
news from Lemberg, the centre of the polish
agitation. Heretofore the P<des thought they
were masters of the situation, but now t hey
must yield the leadership of the opposition
to the Bohemians. Hohcuwart oud the Min
istry arc with the Bohemians in this contest.
The Emperor, on the other hand, appears to
be against them, this last being elue to the
Influence of Beust, against whom a storm of
indignation has lately arisen, which will
compel him to resigii, or else cause a new
Ministerial crisis. In the University of
Vienna, at the inauguration of the ‘new
Rector, the students hissed the C'zectriaii
Ministers—Scluudlle. Habictenek. audlreeek
tll halt, while they londlv ap-
p t Huded the entrance of Beust.
tub chicao:* KI«K.
The E rea lire iu Chicago has raised an ex
tnujpdji?u£y «cusatiou here, us if: appears to
have all ta-roagh i 800 that m Min
den, FrflUiCf o o^' and some other
cities, they aiC ralsiap money for the relief of
the sufferers, reuiembrauee of the
aidsout by the peOjdo <if Chicago to Ger
raauy during the war. A ecn made,
also." in Berlin; and the Awwiean Consul,
Mr. Kreismann, who is a Cdtcagoan, and sev
eral of the most prominent business linns,
have been constituted a committee to receive
forward the contnbutiuns. The English
papers express great fears for the effect on
zbo English and American trade and trade
emporiums; and some of the French
marts, also, arc thought to be greatly endan
gered, so that, in commercial circles, there is
uardly less than a panic. Our news is still
cry meagre and terrible. IVe are expecting,
to-day, telegraphic accounts from the reports
give*u.m The Chicago Tkiucne, which wen*
promised yesterday.
TUB NEW COINAGE
There has. fora long time, been going on
in Germany a controversy in regard to u new
money that shall replace the old coins cur
rent in the different States. A law is now
being worked upon in the Buudesrath on the
subject, and will be presented early in the
.session of the Ihnchstag. As it will, in all
probability, lie passed, I shall give its princi
pal features: A new gold piece is
tnick of such a weight that
•401 shall make a. inmnd of fme gold.
JVhat »t will be called has not vet
•been decided: ImUn all probability, a Il'Ul
mm <f or. The.thirtjeth part of this is to be a
mark. K mark la to bo composed of 10 croseb
rae, and a groacheii of 10 pennies, There are
alaoto be stmek pieces of -JO and 15 marks.
There are to no into circulation as legal ten
der in aU the hnnoro and at following
v -lneiLtu namwl m the present mom.ys: The
■vk P»M<-jrill be equal t„ 10 thajeia, or
n&r.X“sf? lfni t“ r Thore in this
reform 1 “in", “I’Pmach to tbo
VOLUME 25.
iriM C nUll tb e ar,t their dollar. A mark
(4IKn«.HL tbe coinage does not pro
r-r* 1 us ground from a decimal base i r.>r
old mJJS^ e Lr C li,ogra 'T**- lu »'ea<l of the
>jii j® witli the other old measures lippp
to u te at> A 1 u hS-d. wii' ivt:
the Rd?hßteg” mma .‘tootfgh
Tl.o av J«i? M 1 GERMAN STATES.
Ihe smaller German States arc gradually
huleiLnS^ im J Ki in “P/he ihdii!£, fa
n .H? nLe av lu it** deep Jmmilitv
folltnrs thc'MainpKnf llSen. aiid at S
Pari d 7md 8 Itn, r A ll r LSS: lure London,
of 7n’„ llnIK 1 1 3 leaving the Amhaaaadora
German Empire to represent-her in-
Wurtcmbonjiaex
rected to follow-, tbe example. Tho Treiudi"
liavotill
nowenconniifed the independent pretensions
of these. States, and, aait in proffit aSSISSt
?tbu i u u o£ ««n*muy, huve\oiuimicd to
thither their Ambassador*. Therein
probably now acknowledge the situation
;;fe q ?c#ctt in xvknt
OKNKUAL GERMAN PROTESTANT ASSEMBLY
A general German Assembly lew
SizS
Lfiiurcii. «i iitrltn. Its importance
h the to I c,li :c union *oJT
t«*i 0 i^? t J s tant churches of Germany—
Reformed, Union, etc., with the
further end of thereby securing greaterunitr
in the Empire. liierc has been much auxietv
among the statesmen forthe igstrc'of this
meeting, mid even tho 'Emperor favored its
BCMious wfth Inn proeenuo. 1 Than*
t>tr. too much concern among the different
nuiUstcrs for tlieir own particular breeds for
them to bo greasy moved by patriotic
siderations; so that the mcetiufr. ending in
"fa'Src W Ut 011 ia gcntn,l| y Put down as
n o^ lvl LIANS vs the military.
On Saturday morning a charaeforistio
occunwLjn Oita*«lty.--wBSiISIiM
try,ng a man accused of
Mn?i nianmade desperate resistance,
and was showuig liunseu too strong.fertile
lohcemau, when a sergeant, who was passing
ciUJed into his aid. The sergeant
V nri S tbe refractory nmu to
terms, was about to itso his sabre, when
S!mtl* I !i nW xvfti WOrklI l in 11 building near by
ltll l at earnestness, f>ton^’
r Tl, e soldiers’ amis
are not for the citizen,” Ac. The
tussle wijh the thief, however, continued
until be was secured but. in the meantime
some fifty workmen had come up and hi
SiftoSSbtet'who had
uetl to a cellar to save his life. They refused
to be dispersed,'evon by the threats of the
police, hut swore that if they got him they
try liib sabre on his own head. The
incident Is worthy of notice as showing the
tS^nmfn l I“* 1 p ts "gainst the mill
;S;rt^Pi ,DBteverj their power
civiUau? e A very eommou uguiusi the
TWO GIRLS COMMIT SUfCJDE,
Thfjr Each Ollier dud Jump into
•he Folia ot lipwiaiou, ITlainr.
4 L V^ M n Journal, Nor. -I.
„-l ii ll clock J>- to-day. Mr. Cyrus
Couo, who lu'es ou Court street, just at the
Auhum eT* of the i bridge, Jookiug from the
rear windows his store aud house, saw
two females, apparent 1 young Indies, sitting
on the Auhum shore ol! uie 0» the very
verge of west pitch. .Mr. Cobo’7 *bb)ghfer
i LfeL not li ec l u p rJs aml thought it
v!JS?S«i* !at be sitting so near a
I >eiy dangerous place. Ihcmore noticeable
I’ li kl‘*l.v ami carolcsslv down
the precipitous, rocky aud slippery bank
whero they removed their outer Sri
Hr?! 7 M>s?Col)b tlien said to her father
,t,|<v ,V t!, °y meditatod drowning
80 l w Bst-! «e<l with this idea
mid stmwbSf rCsolvcd still watch them
ana sio wli.it thej were proposing to do Af
fWi> LLt:lr uat r Ksrments, including
thur hats, she saw the girls return to the
tL’dr'siiim tIlCy Lall ~L' sittiu !lU|l resume
monl ,V“ t!i u,,t tu fr °ui 1 o’clock.
f r<l M lijiMgor came thundering by,
the track being hut two or Uiroc huudreii
KiS.’i'i’ they sat. Miss Cobb say"
as l’i‘ sßi Pß tllat Point,
sue sun the girls rise, each throw her arm
l,id /I 18 (ltl "'.rs aist. ami with this cm
lean,st fmTi’»I W,t j l a WV u 'e“dr one ennseut,
Jeapedirom the short, into the fulls Alias
Cobh turned to her father: ••Father thl-y
have jumped together into the fulls!” Mr.
sitting mi'Vi I, ,ome V t 1 x:f, 1ri had seen them
Slttmg on the shore.,looked at once out of tile
''commanding a full view of the
secno. No girls were to he seen—nothing hut
the ganneiits they had left on the shore/
i fi l;oe<lil.V became known and
iron da gathered m the vicinity of the scene
af tho teftahic tragedj'. |„,t nothing could lie
■ma .t n b,,t tin-gariueiils, lieariug silent
n't nt the same time sad witness ot the
tragedy. The clothing was distinctly visible
crowds who gathered on the now bridge.
ioli«snmu\\nHhbm-ne, of Auburn, was the
r Vj U V th cc,lL f the niehmelmly
iM.iit. He found tho clothing on a spur of
the ledge, about opposite the main pilch. It
was not rolled up carefully, but seemed to
jia>e been laid down, each article as it had
been removed from tho person. The cloth
ing. winch consisted of their hats, a water
proof cloak, a shawl and a black overskirt,
with a mass of false hair, was a rather dilVer
eut quality, yet apparently tidy. It was
taken in charge by Otlieer Wushluirue, nn<l
left at Mayor Littlefield's olliec for ideutiti
catioii. i limed into the waterproof was a
broouh of some black siouc, with a medallion
face ni white in the centre,of tins stone—the
whole setm gold. Himicd to the ribbon «L
the lint were t»o ten cent bills.
An examination of the pj-emiscsof Mr.Cobb.
who saw the movements of the girls, ami bv
one or two gentlemen, who noticed whero
Uiej Kit, but did not happen to sec them
''M u ‘"’’lf Hie false leap, estalilished
that the tv p sujcidos—as they seem to Lave
leaped from the point wjmrc they first sat
dovvm—threw themselves irom the J|at rock
winch, fornus a IcvrJ pjatfomi close jo tin*
water a edge, near the foot- nt tho lirst
descent of west pitch, which, as everybody
hereabouts knows, consists of two falls. The
hr-t is a slight plunge upon a table rock;
then a light fall for 100 feet more or less:
r jy?lh, al present, afear
fnl fall of water, rolling dotvu a charm, many
to from the base of tho tirst fall, ffero. just
beyond the base of the iirst fall, they seem
I to have thrown themselves into tho river. It
must have been a headlong Joap with the
current. Miss Cobb saw them no'more, Thev
felt, and tvero plunged into the torrent ami
out of tup world, ij> a moment.
Since writing the above Sfiss Starbird. of
Auburn, and others, identify tho clothing as
belonging f*i Ada tyrown, of ijncklield. and
Anna ood, of Hartford, young girls in and
14ye.Ara of age. iliss Starbird says that both
girls weroai ucr home on l|ampshire street.
Auburn, Thursday evening, and appeared to
be m excellent spirits. Anna Wwmf loft No.
4 Hates Hloek on Thursday, where she bad
been sinee Satunlay. When she left shosaid
I sue was going to work iu a gentleman’s fam
ily In this city. Tho landlady paid her S3
cents her duo, ~J;en she left. Ada* Brown
has worked in the Androscoggin Mill, and
iV-'f late at No. 2 Hates Corporation.
\Mnle Mow Wood was at No. 4, Ada Brown
called fluently, and Miss Brown and her
'''‘‘•nt out together •cvcral evenings.
Miss Brown came here three'weeks since,
in Bn k|f r f w a farmer residing
i fays tiiatMissW'Dmlfipnnareil
cheerful heu she loft her house, though she
had complained of sickness caused bv eating I
lobster. It is not yet certain where ihe girls
spent tho night. They were seen passing
up Court street. Auburn, about p. m, A
j onng man recognized the pin as one lie gave
one of the girls. Ini Tostvrsays he saw both
on theetroetatOoVhH'k tins morning. Sliss
Brown s oliler aisti j* luw been at work in the
city, and u frantic with grief at the sad tra
-1 S w *y« *sbe left tiiia afternoon to cam* the
bad uews to her parents".
imxl s father is dead. Her mother Is
now iu afmpcliiisotts. Both girls Lad an np-
IKiintunnt lo jiu.,il dm older Miss Brown tins
morning, lint tlmjrfailnto to moot it caused
her to go out to look fer thepi/
A party of lumbermen have been out in a
b«af tins aftcnioon. dragging the river for i
the boilms at tua foot of the falls, but at 5
p. m. tuey hail discovered no traces of thtm.
lo l c A ,au thoy may yet remain in the
umlerlow of west pitch.
a ,V' mher sevenil .years since that the
*‘3 a boy drowned in the same locality.
\mu not discovered till several months after
tlm oy.out, but possibly the cdilirs and Llir
f'/'/f, ,a 'iJ throw out the bodies of tho
>iouips pi this and event.
The DiMtirr to the Arctic Whaling Flctl
-Excitement in the Oil market.
m i Fl n Ibl Boeto Journal, Nov. 7.
,Thc destruction of the Arctic whaling
n.:rf prove a emitting hi ow t j.^
intoirst of this country, ami es
pecially to t;;*t business located in N*e\v Bed
ford, where the vessels destroyed arc prin
cipally owned. The pausing of whales has
not been a remunerative avocation for sev
eral years past, and the fleet in conseiiujuncc
has been gradually reduced. hm thnlnamcnse
dcstnicliou of this description Of pro nor tv
in the Arctic the present season is likely to
prove a misfortune hard to overcome.
The nows, of course, has comol/dely unset
tled tlie oil market, for uofc only has thn en
tire catch of the Arctic fleet been lost, nut
the vessels, with their out tits, aro also pone
beyond recovery, ft is stated that thirty
three ships have been wrecked with their
contents, including 13,065 barrels whole oil
and IKK barrels spexm, tju) total loss be
ing estimated at 11,500,000, £o pvent has
before occurred in the hintory of the unsiucsf
raoi>* calculated to affect the oil markets, and
in IkMtoM c)} Monday tho price of whale oil
jumped from *U ty cents to one dollar per
gallon, a rise of forty cents prer thfc last sales
a fow days ago. Holders of the article are
i' V y sc V> en at, this largo ad
4 P»’transactions are ruportef, hot h
i re iff ,6renot tavingnsyetsnfflcient
i nymtJathms. U UU VB to b<: b,<: to enter upon
I biitiio? I tn sperm oil will also be affected,
Jiln.low? tb B .*ftentof whale, as the latter
dnr!^ a tb clucf part o£ tbo l lo9 A few
offered at *UOper gallon
ana *l.3spftcred. The entire stock hf oil io
arammtedTn°'lKfi'in li r t of montb
18 ’°°P I)am ‘l s sperm and 32,000
tMtrrcls whale, against a stock of 38,650 bar-1
tef 1 whale on the Ist I
Jjmnarj.lcavmg.two months’consumption
to M"? the close ortho
I ooo'bsrrldi 1111111^ “V m Boston is
I'IJMI barrels Kpemi anil 800 barrels whale.
tbXrn b the Arctic licet is owing to I
?nIS 01 tbat h have remained later
season m those high latitudes dim I
imdonce would warrant, and this season tbev I
■reliably had .worked far nn t£2“"rt” *wi
1 i- C l r lim V 1 year to eall attention to the
Sm.il f tb',°i' 11 touree and wo have l«en
mzoruiodtlmt one or mure shins han.leVo. i
capccl in i#7o from a fate which lias recent K-
rnar oec.ihion bad one shipmaster been my i
{jours later lie would have been caught in the 1
atVhciffirftlm ofon B me, h cs promised
seaj
boe^^St^S.USo.S 0 CaUh
Ur QtnoW to the undemri^ 1 in r Ti,,.,", e
the Indians.
I lucent Colyer’. Bepnrl on the Apnehee.
whfch'liS'S? 4 enthusiastic way, in
JMiicli lie was received by the Annelid n f
their coming in scores from th 6 Lu£ and v..l
Ivys all along the route, carrying white fll«
to meet him, and of their Hocking to the real
that* fin. v 3 hundreds as soon astScy learned
rca.l „,2Lw uld be protected and fedli"
read extracts from reports made to Limin'
J oa|!tß w ho had been amongtb.
Colonel Green. First Cavalry sava the
Anache Indiana furnished 100 tons of ifav fo?
«Inch he paid them in flour. They brought
it into his camp in White Mountains is t§n«
V a J. They supplied the garrison ivitli all
the wood they nsed,' hflufSng it in it {Si
a feiv old iZh,; 1 llny 'f"? ,^,cir hands and
a it\r out broken axes to break it off* uni
nl?ni ia V CJ i cut °hl knives, and the
h.-S. brought into the post on their
duced to let the Apaches alone for two years
they WCIII4I prove themselves more easily
managed than the Kiowas or
Their accounts of their present pitiable con
dition, starving and hunted by every one
were touching. u,lt
hoTie H y i!te^ }e<l tJ c y stole cattle and
•Tn w 8 u c l‘[ ,mc .n that it v;as only for food
i! j t I)ro vc Jt pointed to the fact thatthoy
h10!..i. fr?.n 0 80 ;V, ,long thci U* 9 UC horse,
stalui from a settler near Verne, was eaten
after they caught him. '‘When I
•-It'cp, oxlo chief, ‘-‘it is always with one
eyev,;* It Jim wpid rolls a stone down
from the hinsido jibovemo, f think it ip a
scout after us, and ond children
wako nn and nm.”
Mr. Colyer investigated the Camp Grant
aud *l v °m evidence from
•inn> officers aud old white Bottlers corrobo
rative» of Lieutenant Whitman's
.statement, making the details of
t nat affair even more horrible
than already published. The story that
these Indians left the reservation, ami went
<m tlneviug ranis, which was soiudustriouslv
published as the cause for the massacre, is
ffi*™ u,lced f V ,sc h Ky tW3Vera l nnimpeaohablo
witnesses under oath.
„n^i.H?. lyer say th ?t reports whioh are
{°>l extensively telegraphed from
Arizona to tae press, that the Indians an*
li-ujng the,reservations aud depredating, are
equally untnie. ihe story telegraphed ves
terday that Cochise had left the reservation
S.H. a M i a /A J,ni B a pd gone 011 the war-
:‘Y; c ‘dyor doubted, and ho liad telo-
i° fc v ant for information, which
nlccivcd* 1 KIVD t0 10 trident ;is soon as
riS«S u irV ieo Cochise was on tlio rcsor
2ssi ,t f ,s l8n l t posHible for them to
kct .inj news from tlmre ju less time than
that no: thei Pacific Ocean, as the reservation
is near the Kio Grande, in New Mexico. The
story that out of 400 Apaches im thoruserva
tion at Qmap.Orant only rmiSl on
f^ rtff T 1?p by i,IQ that u
party uf armed citizens from Tuscon had been
allowed to come, on tho reservation to bunt
for fugitive Indians. The marvel is that 50
remained. The tale that a party of mining
prospectors, who had travelled thirty miles
rUUV* IL'Vi t i er wan?c»l from Camp
(•rant, and the artillery brought io hc%r unon
them, despite ihtir protestations that lllev
wore peaceful citizens, and liable to perish
unless permitted to come to tho water, was
disposed of by tlje official report of Major
iSclson, the officer eomnmiuljug Camp Grant.
GENERAL LA CECILIA.
A Commnni.t Lender In London.
Lond'io c-otrospon.U.nci. ol Ilio ClncumaU Commends!
i 1 a K“, 1 1'l'iml of ii Frenchman beilm
n lth 1S w, f t? ami without em
ploj meut,\v lio was one of the greatest lin
mhS,!V i'Jt 1 1 isll E 1,1 •'••B time some
H l 7 u sla '«l. I.wolit atcoraiiiu
to tin* direction I -had received, and /mini,
uijaeir iiklicreij by a pleasant vdunp French
into a small loon. fb L lower
rf Her husband was nut
then >it homo, so I loft a rcmiL'st flint im
would call. Jit* did so. Ho was a small, deli
fi?i e i!Hi n ?l u, lt fort v w °rt* spectacles over
his large, pathetic eyes, and had a magnili
cent forehead* Hound that ha was weflac
twfuty-six ditirrenr lan
guages, and was nrupared to do anvthiim
VTltnted Arable. lllnffiS'n?
hiumcfle. vrJinese. or any other tongue, i
«h ■wt2 “«.n t on!r p !S t
upon s* i
lvV;Vi° US ’i It r s l other than General La
Cecilia, who stood next to Domhrowski un
der tbo Commune. ben be saw that the
Comnmne must fall lu, sent bis j-oung wife
and child to Belgium, where she aimed after
enormous dilbcnlties. and he remained to «oe
the and. He bad made up his mind that his
own end bmi con.*. also. ;uid when the Ver
jsadles troops bad fairly entered on the
work of slaughter, he hardly thought of mak
a*i attempt to escape. But as'iio was mak
mg his way a)most purposelessly along the
street, he Passed a limi§e at whose tloot stood
two ladles—evidently of pprfcc* rospectabiH
ty—whom he had never bep'u before,' fljev
knew who ho was, and warned hini to outer
immediately. They hurried him into their
own bedroom. They were, ho declares, not
Communist*, and why they should have in
terfered to save him he cannot say. In
that room no rc:n;],'))ed fortv davs and forty
nights, his two protectors sloaning in the
same during that time. Not onlv iverij they
pimMuimwjl women, he declared, hut their
known resnoctaluiUy in the neighborhood!
and in the building where they hud (his one
room, w fne means of saving his life. For,
during too days of terror, when the police
woro dragging the Communists from their
hiding Place*—searching fhe'houses 4W by
i door—they came in the early morning to the
doorofthe room where he was concealed
Their visit in the lower part of the building
was known to Urn two women. Before the
policemen came to their door tha slater* had
arranged this plan of defence. Bidding Kim
crouch out of sight, one of the women hastily
threw off nearly all of the clothing, (lu which
she bod been careful to sleep previously),
hen the policemen knocked, sue
opened the door a little way. “M. le gen
darme sees that lam hardly'in u slate io
receive a visit at this early hour." Certain
ly. replied thg policeman, I will not annoy
yon. (jet yonr cloiheo on pt once.” While
the woman dressed hersplf. the GommunLst
(.tenoral was put beneath the mattress by the
other sister, and the bed was made smooth
and neat over him. Meanwhile at the door
uLthe pext apartment in the same building
thenuestious and answers were heard*
hat women are (hese near you r* Per
fectly n-spcrtable women, iu good circuiu
stanere,' "ComuHiiiislsr l!y no mean!
but tboomitrary. They will not bo at all
afraid .if a search.” T/icre „o o u llus)on
in Hus; the women said afterward that their
neighbors would have been astounded bad a
man tmea found in their room. The police
came iu, but un} not make so vigorous a
search as elsewhere on of the testi
monies they bail received, ajpl on account of
the appearance of respectability iu the
room. After keeping him there for
the long tlujo I Jjflve mentioned, one of the
sisters procured oye p/ (bo many English
Eassports which were sent dver 'U\ paxis Zrcni
ondou m.thoso days. La Cecilia was dress!-
e ir r tTJW J«hu Bull style, and started out
at night to a neighboring village. There ho
on a train, and was now io try (be difti
mut rc/r, for a\Frenchman. that or passing
r Englishman, flat there is one thing in
wlnclilevery frenchman has faith, namely,
the cowardice of the French police. La Geci
jia s jiaasport was irregnlar and he knew it;
bad not been visetl by
anj Consul iu Jrahrc, Bui when at the
frontier he was qncstlun«Ml bu tbo subject lie
1,1 -I don’t undvrstaud
10 l*olice not oompreheud
i volunteered to
3 e f»tf r Prete**. Tuc gcijtlcnjan says ho
Uniicmlflml jour
Rieilcd I Tbo "H’ is hot
tbf 9 L? bc a c m x c %r
CHICAGO, SATURDAY.
into a fury. ami, with the
assistance of a few oaths of the English
kind, declanuff he was a-subject of Queen
ictona, and didn't mean to stand insults
rf’Se'SJ i the satisfaction
ox seeing the police falter, and presentiv
With the remark :'‘HowiraS,li
Englishmen always are.” Tima hislinguiatiu
accomplishments hail done him good service
Once in Belgium,hennd his wiflmanaghd t«
got over without difficulty to England; hut
alas, while the General was in coneealmeut'
his only child had died. But when theS
J r y iL I J’“ a i nß “**y with hia wife-a litcra’
san!Srt?rJ-p T T' tie distressing cireum
i? 60 1 8 position wore deeply
PaH.-f,,. He tiad pursued his studies in
a 3'cars., and had accumulated
esMeHlll m Oriental works
J»“i-.iilso, many mauu-
which he had hoped to nub
}i‘‘‘ifJjKmpng to communicate with a £iirad
in.™?” 8 fl c J»a™«d to liia horror that his
vnifSJf'i" f lm] riiro had been utterly de
vnstiucdhj the soldiers when they found he
been tSren‘n?v 1 t iV 1 1 is "“tmscripta bad
in£?.„™ Vcr naille», in the hope of find
pDß th eni Papers criminating the ar
tli?™ 1 nui3t «-TOteoit was found that
it™- 1711 5 110 uc Papers, the iISS. were!
at once hnrned-swlnch, considering thev
JS noor y 811 translations of Eastern liter
nlaiHn'I 83 a i n act f pc i tj- vant inlisin. lam
p™ however, that upon calling nnon
General C;l Cecilia, last evening. I found /iim
rejoicing at the arrival from Paris of a trunk
P. f±. ,n i 1 B eveuty avo of W»
wSlfi? hM i ana ged to save, among which
S tdtow-sst Persian, Siamese, Arabic
“npnols. These be was looking
IMMIGRATION.
Sm.p.l. ,r,ht Beport of Cm.
uiulener.
Washington, Nov. 4.—Mr. J. FredoHrb
tuc L mtcd States. In a report, as the basis
of greater, government. care and further loir
islation, Ije places the fact that the immiera
to tho avenge niS?S
n,,,,^. r t^oevtuvroj
people h movenu nt, which 'rhinli’s
masses of immigrants are composed of the
beat .and niost cuterpriaing fiSiere' Jic!
ch.imcs. and laborers. It is true the creat
majority are not rich, nor do they SdoS to
the professional classes, bnt theV gcnerail?
some means, estimated
l >er .^head, an abundance of household
goods, are in tho prime of life.rnggcd honest
m U 3i?n" a H“'| thorongLlri trained
ami criminal clcmlnts°of ScietT/SiTSSt
erSfe’
I Of return steerage passengers, who represent l
than political crimes on condition that thov
1 emigrate to the Lnfted States; but that in
tut absence of all check and watchfulness on
{SdE??. of QW tSI umtX
ve }T great, and /io has 110 doubt
criminals recently rrom prisons do emi
grate* lie believes that a careful and hot
merely mechanical registration of
name, age, condition, c and a
reference tp hp;ge documents, which
every bona fide emigrant carries, would no
yerv far toward making it unsafe fdr trim
mala to /3ml upon our shores. Heia'deeid
eUJy of opinion (hat the present steerage sys
tem should bo greatly modified' or abolished
and mpkes suggestions for tho protection of
emigrants In railway trungportglion, and ad
\ocateßauoimgrant bureau as a remedy for
tut evils incident to steerngo immigration,
ami a courtpf summary jurisdiction. The
comfort of immigrants would ho greatly
their rights aboard ship were
protected by tltaly with foreign powers. Mr
i&? Il f i l^, l IV P ort by answering
that part of lus instructions a* to whether
anything can be done under existing law to
remedy the present evils, lie recommends*
Jh at upon the arrival of nil vessels cur
.*7 big or inspectors, sneak
ing as many languages ns iHiasiWe/certumiy Ger
man. shall lie sent on board. wllhso duly' It shall
Ik? to muster Uie mu/grunts and ask them Whether
of complaint, and In case
thej hud any unit seemed to f;e well founded to
make a memorandum Id Writing. if ueu
Hcooud. To mqkeii compWti diagram of the I
by .steerage passengers! measuring
its suiHirtleihl and yulao clear space, mid also to 1
ascertain the number that occupied wildspace* I
and further, to ascertain tho quality and quantity
i uicanr* of ventilation and escoiie.
Imm. To make a duplicate report to Inc Col-'
betoruf tho Port, who shall furnish one copy‘m
tin* Treasury Department. He Is of the opinion
that many abuses would Is* remedied
by the companies ilunuielvi? if their atte* t 1,,.
were officially directed to them. Very f«.nil?®
mirttl? 8 nml subordinates arc rospousihlafor
.iV" h n lLsome cooked food and tin-
L i i^ in bueA.s while the '<Un ctors of un abundant
*?i l 0, u have raised the uudstion
ami hlrorl ™t’V'r n uf 11 ,urrl “b‘P pan Im |l„«|
anil imprisoned by our government foe nets im,,..
at sea and lawful imdcrhw own govemmen/thn
Tt l mii m JnrlMl U:Uon rtiouldlH“«SsSsS% g®
Attonnj General for examination and advice, so
that, in case of an adverse decision, other
dics may be devised In the new law.
A RUSSIAN CHURCH.
How it in Constructed.
v„„ Yatt Times.
.tho .festVS £f rSs!"
,av rrir cd from St. Petendmrab it
SraiT- int^'ini! k ““"bow“Ku”
fSrsESSSFSS
iar*a«a ai
4it! Mr™*
nnK-olSr dl 'S,l U T^norrt
iUSsisi
jjnjnMliii 1 I
i^|a3ssSSl
"t■ 5,, ;i l PEifea tjio aji/limin.to i" 1
«4v4 inti's aitir/irz
SmMfo ort iK g l“ usßi! 1 also thll
litotes v h T4k
i&M as* tt°ssjsfe
ttatoW&T- aU of piS iS
the holy table toward the east is
Hld C „f t vh i ‘V ,1 ,U H, thM«Sop he on both
vdhia h M ar B l,e t hr <>n*3 called Iho
Mima, lor ttie clerics scrvlni with the Kish-
Jesus 3 the heavenly sent of
Clfmtli SS n t a d H,s in the
“V^'aM 0 ffi
tit aSS£
Sli r.) 1 preparation on it of tlio
“)el>t?t'"n of the liturmr,
n men pneparatjoi* called tho pntskomimo.
1 he proskouudic is the memorial of the birth
and passion of our X/onl. and the credence
L a !ili ?*tJh^ v §,tho stable «r llje pave—lUo
hj|tuplacp--and also tho Golgotha, or the
place of the passion and death of our Lord.
The altar is separated from the church
proper by a wooden partition called the in
epuosta, on which are depicted the terms
pi saints. Through this partition there are
HP'*\li ou ß.l p S4? n front the sanctuary to
the althr. llie central one, the largest oqo
ohd most holy, is called toe'kingly,
or the holy door, in signification that
through fhj? one the holv or the
!tei C f y S“ B £bU'i> Xllt 9 bUjxojy gifts. On
the altar Side the hoi 5- doors aw provided
witn a movable curtain, the drawing or tvith
ft'rl 1 has reference to the impor
tantormore important pnn of the transac
tion of the holy table. Throngh tfm holy
ter CSt r c^ con
S doors are ever ornamented with
{•°J l, turw V* ammneiation. signifying
{l a r throngli ibo Inparofttlofi of God, {he
Vum, haavon was itrsropened for iho ro
oeniptlon of man; and also with the picture
r-nv‘- L iV Ur eVabgeJUJs, because they, like
the archangel, were instruments! in
VfcW K^VMJyme*.
The finaiaa ChapTl In this city is estab
lished chielly for the Imperial Embassy, and
NOVEMBER 11, 1871.
aM of the city of New York Imt
may attend into far i spaceper!
'"■‘‘••“-"I* Bm Tied L’P
r C»Bnly-Anolhrr
“"•I He CaiiiMa.
Wo .ifraaLd' I>Wser, Nov. 7.
I spirit dayß 10 tke mob
pan o£ Smitbem
nairo\v os??dp I y wS’ 1 1 to the
near Qumcv P o^.^}” B P* n f rom lynching
this intle *h luty *u that
una they
tonSSl in°o^te y, K, bb r e f bare
oraliWdenLr™di£2J n nyE y a lately sev
incOTdiaric. lwi d o ba ha Te m Arad bv
hUd plied*thoir vocaUon°w??h H oree -.thieves
I (“mUhefrSere o^oo^“^“^^' 1
*ZtiA a &fon y or citizens,
£SS f™;
Sran^rtoeTLdlid 3>' y
tti evade the u2 ay rl a RC d
liken from their CI i. 111 °J w ?re
aHssjsg^sp;
i The Wharton Trial*
i +Km r r Uw Chronicle*. Nov. 8.
r n. 6
i poisoning of General Kotchum n
i fixed to tSke place at
*wn a +n 1,8 n of Deccmoer next, and
iSI» 1 nte f eßt the case is consequently
Applications arc again pour
in m the olhciols from large numbers of
1 j!JK n 5. re *l uc D ff .Permits to witness the
Ptueedtngs. On the part of the accused
s h^?ii OV \u n ?i- co, l n^ 1 will a PP^ar: Messrs
HrhJ2S. Wa lW-NoviUSfcelc and jffi
km h f whoi aro eminent at the
iili T th Prosecution there will be
I“ A 0
f** nu- °tato. A. Leo Knot attorney
&M uuore c i ty aQ d Hiram Revella, Dis
-1™?- for Au fl e Arundel County
generally conceded that tlie
tray of legal ability on both sides is forniid
a He, and j-et it is understood that additional
Amapolis, whore sho will await her trial
.1* is accompanied by her daughter, who Irui I
attended her aSd sham?
inianeratiou since the day of bernmat
never leaving her night orday.TtoyS:
a nicely furnished room situated J ovcr
a i part ute Xl the Sheriff 1 and his
*pnj. which has nothing In its I
C i l^n^ oe to indicate that it is a portion of I
ba ?o oats i a «fe
Vii s i barton and her daughter «ro
BUpi>y themselves from without I
n ilh such necessaries as they desire.
V?*?® Vtliaff,
\r» v th Detruit Tribune, Xor. 7.
T v% B. Gardner, who voted last fall in
the .Ninth Ward, voted again at the wlml!
J!* 0, l gb w *tnout tho slightest
shadow of authority of law. Mrs. Giles R
Kfth i.v„S? p lled hc Rre Precinct in tho
riftb \V am to yote, hut was refused, because
sht was not
Stcbbms, it appears, applied
te,' 1 of the ‘fifth
»„il r r 'rttf Wi V* ,u session, to l»o re iris-
V l6 Board refused her application
ll vovl f r that they would bring the
Thli*i 0,0 ‘-’ltyDoara of Registration.
This wag accordingly done, and the City
Board referred It back to tho in
spectors-of the ward, thus leaving it
optional with tho inspectors to receive or re
°SV her vote. Mrs. Stchbins appeared at the
mils this moni 1 ug, aoooinnamed by Mrs.
with u «f. nnd dr P* Smitu, equipped ;also
ri.’l i roua 'locuments advocating tho
right of women snlirage, and distributed the
v!i«i r ln6 Pfct<>ra. Tho ladles were iu-
Mled intu the engine bouse, where the iu
a»jto« were receiving the votes, and Mrs.
Mcbblus dmianded t]ie privilege of voting.
Ihc inspectors, Tfossrs. f\*m. Phelns A H
StowclUnd J. i|* Farwell, after P oSdering
v‘.r.J n tU T‘ W iippljoafion; Mr!
!t, ,n .i 0 or oraliowingli'er to
>ote. and tljo other two inspectors votimr
W l 1 ffr a l nT lpß sucl Privilege, The reason
thLtvl? l«SiW octow H be f°ro BtutelhTas
that Mr*. btebbins was not registered.
Application for Pap* n fy r !!ie n cito9ntr
Klorion.
loiter w#s received Tnuis
f £r .',’l n Gcileral Untlcr, sotting
t length reasons ivliy the nancre
applitMl for by tlio Cojjectof of the Port*of
(.lotisief for *ho schooner Euward'A.llbrton
MinHtVfL <lio Canadian au
lliorllios should bo issued, sr,](uUor argues
tl>( ollcupo committed hi' iho Gloucester
“n« n .1“ not one iuvoKinFau IntoSk
!irVti d i CUil iroversy. Ho cites the cose
uritUh vessel seized in n~-* a
years ago 1 several
J T violation of our uaTiira
.VoSesste by^rcanSand^fo
S? fflf w wtgtM ifeftSßK
homo at the oipenso of the
owners of tlio vessel. Our government i.>t
the case slide, warning the Collectors of
S’nn a?* however, if the vewel agahi oScr
«l I }*'fi ll^ncatl P? rt i° detain her until the
penalties incurred were paid. General Bnt.
tn r SJF* u 4 Captain Knowlton has a right
to the schooners papers, of which he has
liy Canadians, and con-
sss tejtite
Secretary Houtwell, however, refnsea to re*
raffiu S m n t d ak the applies
was nrst tiled, and the issuance of the oaner*
has again been refused. papers
M hat .Kan or Brigham Vanns S«T« Con.
cerning hit Father’! ntremnu.
1..1,„ u" ,n V- bc Ke,r York Tribune, Nov. 7.
fpprx* ‘•sirssi? 1
molding him a house for his wlii3? waif
foreho Wt S*l e ann <>nucement be
lore he left, of his intention to stav nwVv
Mr. Yoim BonsffwtanK
telegraph for ht^t^uks
numbers twelve men it is much less than the
escort usually attending persons travelline
hrongh that country, filled as it is war
like uudhostile Indians. He savsthattlfo
“SJSSKc 'S Hrrali that 4 the
T<wifi** l n wa s ma( o subsequent to the
Territorial enactment against mlnlterv is
erroneous, as the “revelation” waaJivcn
n, ®S of. tc n .vears previous. His views iK
JSS.»,?fISL he tor
OnrAfrifnitaral Brporta.
The report for 1870 shows tint
our cereal products reached the astonisliimr
of 1,7«.8ffi,000 bnahebTif“^g
la#
sfe- l s.te!s.''s; ‘SS
tbo Burfnoc of IndlnJ^L^’^tS ß^!
half of Rhode Island wo rai«w><f
250,G25,Qp0 pounds of tobacco. Over 4,400,000
balos of cotton were raised anon 8,680000
ncres-ulKmt canal to DelawareanSMarv
lium}, Tbo total area required for these lead
ing crops was Ol.tolGOß aeres-abont tive
a tra °f California. The States
of California and Oregon would probably be
sufficient to contain ail our Heidi. orchids
oml (tanlcii. under cultivation during the
was il -i aUl tbe aboT "°l w
New Form ef Dnakcaaen.
IFrom the London Spectator.]
The Lancet calls attention to the enormous
manufacture of the new sedative drug, chlo
ral. It states that it is sold by tons a week
and ouotes a letter from Boron Liebeg affirm-
Rttthat one German chemist manufactures
find sells half a ton pvery >?eok. Of course
10 such quantity is in medicine, and the
Uinnt Seems half afraid that U gets inid beer*
bnt tbpre a simpler explanation, as U will
find on inquiry. Taking ehlora} is a new and
>ppular vice, part icplarly among women, and
is doing at least as much damage as alcohol.
I’he drug Is kepi m thqnsamft of dressing
a son of coil rented stupefaction. Chloral
aninkcnnM. will won b« an admitted varie*
ty of the specie.
MISCELLANEONS.
CORNS, “l-wwii,
GOHNS pHIRQKODIST,
UIUX..HS. 853 Wabash-av.,
o> flCß Hoi'tts: Sa. sl totp. m. Cor. uth atroet*
I BENkijxr Of SDJt'h'iißEßs.
ten per cent
Of Our Gross Sales of
Saturday, Nov. 11,
WU be handed to the
BMF ii CfIUDTSS,
FOB THE BENEFIT OF THE
Site Me Late Firs.
MABLEY HULL,
The 6REAI
CLOTHIERS
of ;the west,
123 West Madisou-st,
CHICAGO.
MUSICAL TVcvauauuVTS.
PIANOS,
Organs, etc.
imrayiiiii
Jins Bauer Co.
formerly C 9 Waahlngton-st., are
270 AND 614 MICHIGAtf-AV,,
IbS^^m^sic^l^ieuchTvims^™’ 110 hei f now
the Are from Uiclr &fw r
Including the celebrated rk aDd balUmoro tranche*,
Knabe Pianos,
J. Bauer Co.’s Pianos,
Needham’s Silrer-Tongne Or
gans.
“SS™sffss;rtJS. ,l r ‘••ash,
repaired, and
JfflUfS BAUER CD
S7O and 614 Mlchigan-av., Office
Ml Mlclilgan-nv.
BOOTS AND S!
loots g Sios.
DOGGHTT.BASSETT HILLS.
HEAUaiTAETEES
522 Wabash-av.,
corner narmon-conrt, are aowrscelvlng a now stock of
Boots and Shoes,
and are prepared to supply cus-
tomers*
fins JIBE&PMEB,
Manufacturers and Jobbers of
BOOTS SHOPS
Haee a \r*i, M-Icclcd Slock lhrir nt
8(orf,
219 Michigan-av.,
(Opposite Tremont ITonse),
Wlicrv we thall be pleased to ore oar Cat
tamers nnd the Trade gencrnllr.
PROMPT ATTETTIOJi GIVES TO ORDERS.
Wcagc,
Kirtland Ordway,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IJf
Boots 8c Shoes,
Are receiving a fall stock In their nor store. No. 22*
s£lcniGAsf-AV., opposite Tremont House. and are
ready tosnpply their old friends and the trade gen.
erally. The BEST GOODS AND THE LOWEST
PRICES.
T. B. WEBER CO.
BOOTS AND SHOES
AT WHOLESALE.
»I<l tliotntdr: We arc non In receipt
av Jo store at No. 571 Stato-st., an ENTIRE
«MnM^° f 5? )d, ,flheTcr BEST qualities and
®a»l>wpartsl to Jill nnlers and sell
a^^saai
y 371 SLate-st,. fo.mcrly T NS. a s,'u'd7LSlt
HOTELS.
St. James Hotel,
located
Corner Clark and Polk-sts.
Containing ISO Booms. The Largest and
Best Furnished Hotel in the West.
SI. 1. LOBIse, Late XTatteson House,
WILLIS HOWE, Late St. James Hotel,
Will be pleased to sm their old friends. Aik foV
Bosses for the NEW ST. JAMES. AU lor
RIVERSIDE HOTEL.
Accommodations for the fkU aad winter at ten mod
erate prices. Inquire at Bivemd Hotel, o» at
flee of the Birervide lm| roTemenl Compear,
?Qq WA RASH.AV.
CLOTHING.
HENRY W. KING CO.,
ARE NOW LOCATED AT
34 36 S. Canal-st.,
Where they are prepared to show a full Hue of
CLOTHING,
AND
Furnishing: Goods.
Orders solicited and promptly filled.
GENERAL NOTICES.
Notice
SUvenmui cS. tbe’S
his own name, and J abash av \P
conUauo their patronage! raenda an l customers tS
Chicago, Jfov. 8, isn. LAZA3Ius SIL\*ERiiAN.
XUMBEB 96,
BUSINESS CARDS.
barktjm; BROS.,
I-'U'ORTEiig
Toys and Fancy Goods,
Oor. HicUgan-av. and Van Burea-.t

pletoTtct^h^L' ol bual »lti quite mm
ra.gct.auv »Ucl. your
M i I lard&Decker^
Stationers, Primers, Lithographers,
And Blank Book Manufaotnrara,
Temporary Office anti store,
120 WEST WASHINCTON-ST.,
Manufactory and Works,
CORNER WOOD AND TYLER-STS.,
ciirc.m o.
PHCENIX
Wtaud Spice Mills,
HOWS, cures ire __
14, 16, AND 18 RIVER-ST.
Teas, GolTccs, Spices, and Gro
cers’ Sundries.
FRANCIS WEBBER,
OTSIEBS,
58 and Madison-st.
tyAU orders promptly filled as before the fire.
M. GRAFF CO.
Have removed to northeast comer Mar
ket and 'Washlngton-sts., where dealers
can find a full assortment of CANNED
and DHIED FHUITS, and FANCY GEO
CURIES.
Orders from the country promptly filled.
ated at
BUILDERS’ HARDWARE
AND TOOLS.
J. K. TYLER,
260 State-st., late 41 State.
X ful’itock of Bussell t Erina air. Co. LOCK ud
cirtOU now open.
AGENT LA BELLE NAILS.
Northwestern Type Foundry,
MILWAUKEE.
,nd'o.™£?££.*• D w I""" 1 OCeen ton. of In t H,h
t,^ffo A us”rr. Cl d trol >l” fonndrr is .UAcbod wsh,
October 23,1571.
Harman Jacobie,
ALBANY, N. T„
Proprietor! or BEILK Ma
ase," .»i' k
Wr haujian a jacobie.
Albany, N, I
LAUNDERS
LOAA' OI^jET'IOE
nn.iro Pffl to
Northwest Cor. Wabash-av. and Twenty,
second-at,, Boom 6.
Voncy to loan on Diamond*, Watch**.
ilrirffry,
D°W- S6BM CO.,
PRODUCE COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
AXD DEALEBSIX CHEESE. FI.Of It, UAIX, AC.
70 and 7~ West Lnkcl., Chicago.
X B. HOBBS CO,
Prodace and Commission Merchants,
ESTABLISHED 1557.
aro rrepared to make advance* on consignments
of flour and grain. Grain bought and Mold on margin*
Office &s south Canul-ht.
J. M. Stine, Kramer Co;,
Announce to tholr friends and the trade mneraliy that
they bare temporarily located at
519 STATE STREET,
Near Harmon Conrt. where they will open is a law
days, a fresh and desirable stock of m
.Notions, Hosiery, Gents FnrnUhln K Goods,
tioKlw” prlces orde promptly st-
BRICK AND STONE
OLD AND NEW
BOUGHT FOB CASH, BT
LYittAIV, BRIDGES CO..
Ml kind, of BnlMine Jl.terl.l. sod Be.d,
made Houses, corner Carroll and Sangamoo-sts,
HA.GILL HAT, t tt
DEALERS IN
SALT,
Office and dock aoothwest cor. Market A Washlagton-gla
CLEVELAND FRENCH,
Landscape Architects, Civil Engineers, and
Surveyors,
3M WABASH-AV.
SURVEYOR.
SAITIi S. GKEELET, 304 Wabaali-av.
sonthcast comer of Harrison. In kitchen.
WM. BLAIR CO.,
Kos. 30 and 32 South Canal-sl.
Are rrcelrtnff, at their NEW STORE, a full aleck of
Hardware. .31a Plate and Tinner? stock. aiocx 1
J. MASON PARKER,
Negotiator of Chicago Mortgages and Real Estate.
Na 3 Boston Port Building, Boston. Refers to Hon.
Ja*. F. Joy, Hon. Hugh T. Dickey. Hon. Mark Skinner
Window Glars.
I>. 8. SCHANCK a sons.
_ Importer* of
Plate and Window GNss. Cbamb it
W
C. Dahlgreu’s
KOJITHTTESTEIiIf STEAM DTE WOBKB.
130 West Randolpb-at.
w zxz asagjsa
TILLINGHAST, AT.T.EW m
WOOL, GRASS SEEDS, &c„
Office andwarohouse opposite 1
306 MICHICAN-AV., CHICAGO
Liberal advances on consignments.
Br. V. L. Hnrlbnt.
1012 m., 2to 21p.m., 7to 71p.m. P T UlLm
B oots and Shoes.
J T, JEWETT.
r IWI State
tb. .bot, nber
f ormrr patron*, aa well V? /bo want* of my
with a cal), WeU u who mayfarornie
Hi w. Rogers, Jr., llro.,
PBODOOI, COftimsSlON AND
SEED UEQCHASTB.
IP U’e*t R*n‘l<doh-«t.
Chas* R, Mes&lager,
>accesso- to Bronenn A Meraineer, manafactnm ar.*
wholesale dealer in Tobacco, son If, and da-ire, I ft*., lOS
and no Sammit-«t.. Toledo. U. Order* solicited.
BTTSlfrtgs CARDS;
TO DRUGGISTS JL\U Drills.
n„„ lp °j“ stock of
lipi^s^SW.
cu M South Canaj-at.
j. B. HOBBSXco
Commission Mercl mm
(ENT.tIIMSIIED e:,
Receivers of standard Brands of Sow,
■Winter Wheat^S^, Spnn
UIUVIN ANB PSOVISint-o
ln
KEITH BRO'fHERS
Have re-opened a full and complete
rtock of Hats, caps, Millinery, Furs,
Bnek G ooaSi Bnffalo and fanoy HobeSi
attterr new brick building, corner
JUllf 1 37,3114 Washington-st.
fijC, rders prom P«y and faithfully
ESTA;^:7 Ew^rTr a r.
HISE7, 880, 4 CO,
Commission Merchants
43 \Vc*t Wtuhlnm uto
28 and 30 Sixfoon+v.
mSffßk.
rifißiai
C. A. HAVENS,
TEACHER OF
Piano, Organ, and Harmony,
At the First BantUt Church,
Monday and Thursday, 4 to 5 p. m..
fi, C, KELLOGG} COi,
Steam Job Printers,
45 West Washington-st
AXD
46 South. Desplainea-st,
lrr P "por'd to Fill alt Ord m Frompllp
CmMttEd *r.VX> SBB VS,
SAIT! CEMENT!
FUtli STOCKS ON HAND.
Orders filled promptly.
HaSKIiV, MARTIN WHEELER,
Office at
108 EAST MONBOE-ST., CHICAGO.
C. S.KAVKU'&C’ft.,
Mtetml Di foils,
CIN CINNATI,
nwf‘?, nro l'° T Fronl3 DMra Sinners, Jan
norlt Glass Pavements. Orates, Mantels, RaUlnra.
aad all Iron V» ork used In the erection of buildings.
E. Sweet, Jr. Co.,
iVl l, :EnCilUior nd Contractors,
»9 S. Clinton-st.,. Chicago.
Contracts lor railroad, dock ami bridge building.
s
ICHWEITZER BEER,
Late oflM Latest., Importers of
Fancy Goods, Toys, Baskets, Ae.,
Read/ for business again at
536 W. Madison-st.
Onleio ami calls respectfully solicited.
wap. ssfflm to,.
Commission Merchants,
22 North Canal-sL,
have nnsnrpajscd lacUltloa tor handling Produce, and
give special attention to the sale ol Green and Dried
Fndts, Seeds. Deans, Butter. Cheese, Eggs, Tallow
Lard, Dressed Hogs. Dressed Poultry, etc. Liberal’
drafts allowed on consignments.
S. D. Childs, Jr., Co.,
formerly at 117 now a lull stock
Seal Presses, Blbbon and Ink Stamps, Wed.
ding Cards, Soles,- Enielopcs, etc.,
c7e- I 7v- I i! n S. c crn, n I 1 wththe EXORAVINO
vle5 1 -,J> If G SEAL. AXD STEXCIL BDBl’
e ar uU F prepared to execute iiiwfrt u
c 2 lUy> "ttaUcaily, and at the same rates as bofom
the Are. Xu. a Klutle-et. eor.
SHDPEIDT HAT.r.
lAWYEBS, 219 WEST JUDISON-ST,
,or Claima
Crockery, China* and Glassware*
Tyrrell, are dally receiving a general assortment at St!
State-st, Leitcr4 Co., where they wlUbe
pleased to sco all their old friends and patrons.
THICK
PAPES HANGINGS.
PULLER, WARREN CO.,
Office: North Pier, near Light House.
compute slock InUetVest 01 lhe moat
DR. MARGUERAT,
100 Thlrd-av., cor. Harrison-st
Eagle Iron Foundry,
(Established In 1840.)
Samuel J, Crostrell, j r#|
81?. 3H, 816 and 818 Kace-st.,
PIIIIiADEIiPIIiA.
tES?'.';.?H. 1 Gl r,‘!" Clmon. ,t.
GEO. H. PROST,
City Snrreyor and Draughtsman,
600 Wabaah-av., Basement
Parker, Let* A Co.,
Corner Deeplainea and Carroll su.
trSSgy." ffffi!'>» CO.-
educational.
Bryant Stratton’s
CHICAGO
BtSBIESS COLLEGE
-I ftnr
tloneornep'r£.?ntH 10#!rea tflre Iant, r 1® fall opera.,
its full comsT?t?Hi SCCOad t 8011 In«Uana-av w wltii
New Ktiiiir o oll ac^u ample accommodation*,
nood a f° entering daily. An aboadanee of
fioou Doanling places at former prices,
t/wi tiin v <JiQ r^ n J ll^i> I° r entire course, time tmUm
nwi. will be sold dunng November December for
of the railroads entering Chicago hare demta
°“Twenty-second-.it.. not far from thecoHere.
Boarding places furnished at the college nSw
For fuuuer information call upon or addrean nr
■&3£** rRATTOf
STOVES AND njßNArrrg,
BROWN BROTHERS,
z 330 East Monroe street,
(OLD PLACE).
MANUPACTDRSIa OP
Hyatt’. Patent Sldowalk IdgM*,
AND BUNT'S CELEBRATED
Dakota” Sort Coal Stoves.
,!lc usMicre, u abore,' read.