6
xhbee kisses of fake well.
[These versos arc from one of lather Wyun'a
I.ovc-Letters In Scribner's for December.]
Three, only three, my darling,
Separate, solemn, slow;
2fot like the swift and joyous’ones
Wc used to JvLOW
"When wo hlissrd hrcaiißO wc loved each other
Simply to taste love’s sweet,-
And iHvtshcd our kisses as the summer
Lavishes bent.
But as they kiss whoso hearts are wrung,
"When hope and fosir are spent.
And nothing is lelt to give, except
A srcramtnU
first of lb© three, my darling.
Is sacred unto palu:
AVc have hurt each other often;
tVeshaU again,
tVlien wc pine because wc miss each other,
And do u«t understand
How the written words arc so much colder
Than eye and hand.
I kiss thee, dear, for all such pain
AVldch wo may give or hike;
Buried, forgiven before It comes
For our love's sake I
The second kiss, my darliop*
is full of joy's sweet thrill;
Wc have blessed each other always;
We always will.
We shall roach until we feel each other.
Past nil of time ami space;
Wc shall listen till we hear each other
In every place;
The earth is full of messengers,
Which love sends to and rro;
I kiss thee, darling, for all joy
Which we shall know.
The last kiss; oh, my darling.
My love—l cannot see
Through my tears, as I remember
What It may he.
Wo may die and never see each other,
Die with no time to give
Any slims that our hearts are faithful
Toihe, ns live.
Token oi what they will not see
Who see our parting breath,
This one lust kiss, my darling, seals
The seal of death!
CHICAGO’S PROSPECT.
Xew York, Nor. 20.
2b the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir: Chicago’s prosnect,what is it? When
will the city be rebuilt How long will it
take her people to recover from the fearful
calamity that has overtaken them I Can
they retain for their city her pro-eminence as
the trade-centre of the West? Or, is the
mantle of her greatness to fall upon a rival
Since the great lire, such questions as
these have doubtless often arisen In the
minds of tliiukiug men. Have they been
auswcredsatisfactorily f It is quite safe to
say, Xo. Yet it would bo extremely- ditiicolt
to find a man wbo has not settled the matter
to Uis own entire satisfaction. Tho conclu
sions arrived at arc as varied as the human
character.
To notice iu detail even a tew ot the prog
nostications ot the wise men who have for
ever lixed the destiny ot Chicago, would re
quire more space than The Tribune can at
present conveniently spare. Suffice it, there-
fore, to say, that many believe she will
never recover what she has lost. Others
think she wuy rise from her «nshes. and once
more resume the proud position she so lately
occupied among tho great cities of tho
world; but that it will take her a long time
to do so,—probably longer than the present
generation shall live. Another set. the very
sanguine, who seem to imagine that great
talk will create great cities, loudly predict
that from two to three years only aro nec
essary to rebuild the city on a scale of
grandeur far surpassing the old one,
Js«t cities arc not built, nor is wealth accu
mulated in this way; and these arc not the
men whose precept or example should bo fol
lowed at tlris time. When the novelty of
the present situation has worn off; when the
real position of affairs is made known; when
the full magnitude of the'difficulties to.be
overcome has developed itself—it is to be
greatly feared that these sanguine citizens
and over-confident friends will forsake their
posts. Thcmcn who will stand linn iu the day
of trial, and perform their part of the great
work, whether it be at Chicago or by assist
ing lier merchants with credit and advice,
are those who calmly survey and clearly
comprehend the situation; who neither mag
nify nor,underrate the work to bo done;
who do not overrate the moral, physical, and
pecuniary strength of the fellow-citizens;
and who determine what may be done by
what has been already accomplished.
Chicagoans, arc not these things so? You
don’t believe them now? Well, you trill by
und by. It is a cold, heartless, seltish world,
this,—the “magnificent charity” of which,
unfortunately, 3*oll have been the recipient,
to tbc contrary notwithstanding.
There is an old proverb which says that
“A burnt child dreads the lire.” You aro
likely to experience the truth of this. Capi
tal is slij' 01 groat risks, except at correspond
ing rates. To satisfy the money-bags of
Wall street that Chicago does not come un
der this head, will require time and patience,-
self-reliance, and perseverance. It is tho
same with communities as with individuals
When they appear not to want assistance, it
is offered them without" stint; but
in the hour of need, their friends, are gener-
all short, trade is dull, or money is
scarce and higli.aml they find it hard “scratch
ing” on all sides to take care of themselves.
There are exceptions to all rules it may bo
your good fortune to prove the exception iu
tills instance Wc hope so. Your record iu
the past should stand 3-011 in good stead now,
and it will, but not to tho extent you de
serve and may expect. A little time will
tell.
As a -whole. Chicago's prospect is far from
bright, at present, ami no good can come of
glossing it over. It is best to lools at the
situation os it is,—not as you would like to
have it. But, however dark the clouds that
how overhang the horizon, no one in his senses
cannot doubt but that the city will bo
rebuilt. To fix a time within which to do
this is extreme folly. But, whether it takes
one year or fifty, is only of comparative im
portance. It is imperative that sue maintain,
the position she has long and creditably oc
cupied. And no one who understands the
stuff her citizens arc made of, anticipates
that she will surrender her place to a rival.
That her citizens are plucky, intelligent, en
ergetic. persevering, even to a fault, men
everywhere are agreed. The rapid growth
of their city, the irrnndcnrof their under;
takings, and their liberal support of every’
enterprise, promising an increase of trade, or
to beautify their surroundings, have Tong
been household words—the wonder and ad
miration of*lhc world.
The men who did this still live: and the
same tireless energy and public spirit can
do over again the works of the past. No
doubt the second effort will be much harder
than the first. Few of the pioneers of Chi
cago’s greatness knew what it was to possess
wealth and the luxuries of life, but were
working to acquire them. Their aim now is
the same; but their former success will
greatly embitter the struggle to reach the
goal a second time, ilauy will doubtless
lose heart, and abandon as impossible what
in earlier times would have appeared easv to
accomplish. It cannot bo denied that men
rudely shaken from the topmost rung of the
ladder of life rarely live to reach it again.
But it is subiimo to try.
Beware of mistakes. Do not act rashlj*.
A wrong step now may involve you in years
of toil and trouble. It might prove the
foundation of a'wide-spread financial crisis,
injurious to the whole country, but specially
so to you: perhaps retard the development of
your city by ten or twenty years. The situa
tion is a trying ouc, such, in fact, ns never
fell to the lot of any people before; and you
must meet and overcome it with your pro
verbial good sense, and brain, amt muscle.
Then examine well your ground, submit
every point to a clear, cool judgment,
and know just what yon nvo going to
do before you move. The row you nave
to hoc is” harder than you yet realize.
But your indomitable energy, aided by Spar
tan economy in private and public expendi
ture, and a unity of purpose and action on
the part of all, cannot fad to insure a happy
release from all your troubles.
It is feared, however, that many of yon are
attempting to cany a loadyou will find your
selves nncrpial to. It is creditable to your
morality, but a somewhat severe reduction
upon your discernment to promise to pay iu
full at a future day. Not a few of you have
done this long before you could have made so
tliorough'an examination of your' affairs as
was necessary to an iutelligeutdccision as to
the form of settlement you should have pro
posed lo your creditors. This is a grave er
ror, and one you may repent of when it is too
late.
Ascertain exactly where you stand, pay
every dollar you can now; but'do not tux
the future f«v obligations incurred previous
to tlic lire, which you arc unable to pay in
full at present. Rather than mortgage the
future to the past, yon should, if necessary,
suirendiTiall yon possess, and begin again as
salesman nr cleric. An honest man need feel
no shame in compromising, if his estate will
pay no move than twenty-live, fifty, or sev
enty-live cents. And his creditors would
prefer fifty cents cash to a promise of a hun
dred a year or eighteen months hence, lit’
Bueli a settlement, they lnow what thev lose,
which they cannot do in the ease of a'prom
ise redeemable at another time. Ami
.once the old score if settled, they can and
will sell you again to make up their loss. In
doing this, they also enable von to recover
yourselves. Bui no merchant, having regard
to his own safety, and that of his creditors
will sell to a customer who Ims au old ami
large indebtedness hanging over him. It
would he little short of madness to do so. Be
wise, therefore, in time, livery dav's delay
only complicates the situation and weakens
the universal sympathy you at present enjoy.
Lose no time, then, in clearing the old score,
and ask indulgence, if yon need it, on the
new. Oiler in money ell you are a ole to pay.
and continue in business, relying,
on the generosity of your creditors to ic
leaso von. They will do so, and both yon
and they will he benefited by it far more
than if you paid dollar for dollar at a distant
day. By and by, if prospered, you can show
yourselves honest men by paying the balance
of the old debt. It will be very much to
your credit to do so, and immensely
strengthen your position should you con
tinue in hustm'Kv
By taking the course suggested, you put
Yonifselvrft m position to at oucc resume, and
with fair prospects of sneeCss, Try the other
tray, ami the chances arc ten to one
against you. Thin attempting to
do more tliau wo can H
neither wise nor manly. It is tho rock on
which vast numbers have made shipwreck.
Avoid it ■while it is within your power to do
bo. The capitalists and merchants of tho
East, upon whom, in a measure, you aro de
pendent, arc watching yon with critical
eyes. Estaldish yourselves in their conli
dence at the beginning, they will render you
invaluableasH.stance. Appear to carry to>
much sail, and they will steer for safer quar
ters, Make all taut” cro you start, and
your bark will gallantly ride through the
storms and breakers ahead, and in duo time
laud you in tho haven you lomr for,—the
vac Chicago,—greater, better (having been
puriHcd by lire), and more beautiful than its
predecessor. AY. J. 13.
A NIGHT OF TEEKOS.
Narrative of the AikcntnrcN of Hon. Isaac N.
Arnold nml Family on the Night of the Great
Fire-Prl»rncM ou the PJer-I'«cai»c oa the
Tug Clifford—Running the Gauntlet of Fire
up the River.
The night of October 8, and the 24 hours suc
ceeding, are too deeply engraven in the memories
of our citizens to need any particularly vivid de
scription to recall their incidents. There arc
probably numbers of persons whose fate was
similar to that of Mr. I. N. Arnold, and the fol
lowing tide of Ids adventures at that time will bo,
in general, that of many others. As It is particu
larly vivid and intensely tlirillingln consequence,
it may serve to illustrate to the more fortunate
what they were lucky enough to escape.
Mr. Arnold's house was situated almost in the
centre of a block, and surrounded by a garden
which the owner believed afforded ample pro
tection agalnstthc apx>roach of tbs iicry foe. Ac
cordingly no attempt was made to save any of
his valuables, but the efforts of his household,
consisting of himself, thi co children, and the ser.
vants, were directed toward protecting the
house, in which they were for a time successful.
The narrator says; “Dm iag all this time the lire
fell in torrents; there was literally a rain
•of fire. It caught in the dry leaves;
it caught in the grass; in the barn; in
the piazza; and ns often as it caught it was
put out, before it got any headway. When the
barn first caught, the horses and cows were re
moved to the lawn. The fight was continued, and
with success, until 3 o’clock in the morning.
Every moment Hakes of lire falling, touching
dry weed, with the high wind, would kindle into
ablaze, and tho next instant would bo extin
guished* The contest after 3 o’clock grew warm
er and -more fierce, and those who fought the
devouring element wore becoming exhausted.
The contest had been going oa from half
past 1 until alter 3, when young
Arthur Arnold, a lad of thirteen, called
to his father, The bam and nay are
on firci’ ‘Tho loaves tire ou lire bn tho ease side,*
said the gardener. ‘The front piazza la in a
blaze,’ cried another, the front greenhouse is iu
llames, and the roof on fire/ ‘The icaler has
(•(owed I 7 was tho last appalling announcement.
Now, for the first time,’ said Mr. A., I gave up
hope of saving my home, and considered whether
we could save any of the contents. My pictures,
papers and books, can I save any of them!’ An
effort was made to cut down some portraits, a
landscape of Kensett, Otsego Lake, by Mig
not—it "was too late J Seizing a
bundle of papers, gathering tho chil
dren and servants together, and,loading forth
tho animals, they started. Luc where to got
They were surrounded by firo on three aides; to
the south, west and north raged tho llamas, mak
ing a wall of lire and smoko from tho ground to
thcEky; their only escape was east to tho lake
shore. Leading the horses and cow, they went
to the beach- Hero wore thousands of fugitives
hemmed in, and imprisoned by tho raging ele
ment. The eauils from the govern
ment pier north to Lill’s pier, a
distance of three-quarters of a mile, were covered
with men, women, and children, some half clad,
in every variety of dress, with the motley collec
tion of things which they sought to save. Some
had silver, some valuable papers, soma pictures,
some old carpets, beds, etc. One little child had
her doll tcnacrly pressed in her arms, an old
woman a grunting pig. a fat woman had two
large pillows, as portly as herself, which she liad
apparently snatched from her bed when she loft.
There was a singular mingling of the awful, tho
ludicrous, and the pathetic.”
Mrs. Arnold and her little daughter Alice had
been sent away to the residence of Mrs. Scudder,
and the party were accordingly separated, a cir
cumstance which added to the anxiety of tho
wanderers.
After toiling along IV. B. Ogden’s pier, they
hired a small row boat and were convoyed to tho i
Light House, where they were cordially received i
by the authorities, and other refugees who had I
preceded them. Tho party remained prisoners i
in tho Light House, and the pier on which it i
stood for several hours. Tho shipping above in j
the riverwas burning; the Immense gram oleva- I
tors of the Illinois Central and Galena Railroads
were a mass of Humes, and tho pier Itself, some
distance un the river, was slowly burning tow
ard the lighthouse. A largo propeller fastened
to the dock a short distance up the river caught
tire, and tho dsinger was that ns soon as the ropes
by which it was fastened burned offlt would iiont
down stream and Bet lire to the dock in the im
mediate vicinity of the lighthouse. Several pro
pellers moved down near the mouth of tho river
and took on board several hundred fugitives and
steamed out into tho lake. If the burning pro
peller came down Itwouli set fire to tho pier, the
lighthouse, and vast piles of lumber, which had
os yet escaped in consequence of being directly
on the shore and detached from the
burning mas*, a firo company was or
ganized of those on tho pier, and with
water dipped iu palls from the river tho lire
kept at bay, but all felt relieved when tho pro
peller went to the bottom. The party were still
prisoners on an angle of sand, and the fire running
along the north shore of tho river. Tho river ana
the lire prevented an escape to tho south, west,
and north. Tho firo was still raging with un
abated fury- Tho party wailed for hours, hoping
the tiro would subside, Tho day wore on, noon
passed, and l and 2 o’clock, aud still it seemed
difficult, if not dangerous, to escape to tho
north. Mr. Arnold, leaving,his children IntUo
the lighthouse, went north toward Llll’s, and
thought It was practicable to get through, but
was not willing to expose tbo females to tho
great discomfort and possible danger of the ex
peilraent.”
“Between 3 and 4 In tho afternoon the tug-boat
Clifford came down the river aud tied up near
the lighthouse. Could she return—taking tho
party up tho river—through and beyond the firo
io the West Side, or was it safer and better to re
main at the light-house I If it-nud the pier, the
lumber and shanties around should burn during
the night, as seemed not unlikly, the position
would not bo tenable, and might lie extremely
perilous; besides, Mr. A, was extremely anxious
to biojp that Mrs. A, and little Alice were safe.
The officer of the tug said tho return passage was
practicable. Bush, Clark, State and Wells street
bridges had all burned and their fragments had
fallen into the river. Tho great warehouses
elevators, storehouses, docks on the bunks of tho
river, were still burning, but the fury of the firo
had exhausted itself. The party resolved to go
through this narrow canal or river to the south
bank, outside the burned district. This was the
most dangerous cxx>eriencc of the day. Tho tug
might take fire herself, the woodwo ;k of which
had been blistered with heat as she came dawn
the engine might get out of order and tho boat
become unmanageable after she got Inside tho
line of.lire, or she might get entangled in the
floating timber and debris of the bridges.
However, tho party determined to go.
A full head of steam was gotten up,
the hose was attached to the
engine, so that If the boat or clothes caught U
could be put out. The children and ladies were
placed in the pilot house, and the windows shut,
and the boat stalled. The men crouched clo-U*
to tho deck behind the butt works, and with a
full head of steam the. tug darted past tho abut
ments of Hush street bridge; ns they passed the
State street bridge the pilot had to pick his way
carefully among falling and floating timber.
Qlic extent of the danger was now obvious, but it
i was too late to retreat. As the boat passed
I Stale street the pump supplying cold water
reaped to work, and tho exposed wood in some
1 parts was Mistering. ‘Snatching a handker
chief,’says Mr. Arnold, I dipped it in water, and
I coveiiuz the face and head of Arthur, whoso hat
tho wind had blown away, I made him lie flat on
th.j dcck.as wo plunged forward through tho fiery
furnace.’ On wo sped past Chirk and Wells
streets. ‘ls not the worst ovorT’ ho asked of the
Capiaiu, ns the boat dashed on and ou. ‘We aro
through, sir,’ answered tho Captain. ‘Wo arc
safe.’ ‘Thank God I’came fromhearts and lips
as the boat emerged from tbo smoko into the
clear, cool air outside the fire lines.”
Tho party went ashore at Lake street, and Mr.
Arnold commenced a search for his wife aud child,
who. he found hud gone to Evanston. It was not
until the next night that tho whole family were
reunited at the residence of Judge Drummond.
ALEXIS BOUQUET,
Mill
iiliD 1111811 Mffll,
FOR SALE BY
GILLETT, TITUS CO.,
Jobbers of lotions Druggists’ Sundries,
Jflichigan-av., between Van
Buren and Congress-sts.
PRINTING.
J AMESON MORSE
PRINTERS,
"WILL OCCUPY THEIR NEW
BUILDING,
24® HSABISON-ST.,
Between Franklin, and Harkat,
Tuesday, Nov. 27.
WH. E. DOUGHERTY,
Iflll n{rvM ■Wo tnlroplcasnro In ackowledging the prompt pay
JVI# e I lillCl went pfonrloßsl>rfirc,corcredbypoUclcsl2it!iblilv
3 erpooi, London Globe Insurance Co, (tvitliont dis
-43 South €aual*st.j Room 5* count.) §13,307.00.
PIT3H, WILLIAMS 4 C
INSURANCE!
Im ipj.
IEO.C.6LABKE
SO..
pniA'ClF,*X< OFFICE*
No. 10 Eldridge-conrt.
BS.IJrCH OFFICE*
No, 35 W.Washington-st.
m mil.
taws igciti.
Risks taken in the following
Reliable Companies:
IANDFACTURERS'
INSURANCE COMFY, of Boston.
ORGANIZED IS2S.
Assets, after paying all losses, including those
of the Chicago Fire, $1,150,000,
HOME
ms. COMT, of Columbus, 0.
MTBWESTEI ETlliL
m COMT, of Milwaukee.
HOFFMAN
EIRE INS. COMT, of New York.
Cargo Insarance on
tlie Lakes taken at
current rates.
Shippers, and Merchants desir
ing Marine Insurance, either
INLAND or OCEAN, are in
vited to apply at our office.
GEO. C. CLARKE CO
OFFICES,
A’os. lO EldritJge-court and
35 17* Washington-st.
The First in the Field.”
THE HOME
OF
Columbus, Ohio.
Cask Capital, $500,000.00
Cask assets, Kor. 1,
1871 995,479.12
liabilities, includ
ing Chicago losses, 353,479.12
Was the first Company to notify policy
holders in Chicago that claims would be paid
in fall.
The losses of the Company by the Chicago
fire are being adjusted and paid ns rapidly
as possible. Business solicited at fair rates.
Adjusting Office for Chicago,
No. 17 Eldridge-court
Agents of the Company visiting the eil
are requested to toll.
JACOB PEETREY, Gen’l Agent.
Geo. C. Clarke Co.
LOCAL AGENTS,
10 Fidridge-court.
GREAT WESTERN.
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
Par Tlieir Losses in M.
CENTRAL OFFICE:
Corner Madison and Canal-sts,
CHICAGO, ILL
STATEMENT, OCT. 25, 1871.
Ssubacrlb'cd Capital Sl»XSS>000*00
Available A5»cta..5570,532.07
Entlnmtcil Salvage
on Chicago Loss*
cs
50,000.00
Chicago Losses,
£50,000.00
30.000.
15.000.
£95,000.00
gross
AH other Losses..
All otbcr Claims...
Net Assets.,
CES. DART L. STEWART, Prert,
C, D. BOOKER, See.
Mine IHE CO.
Parties having settled
at 25 cents will be prof
ited by addressing E. GK
M., Tribune office.
REPUBLIC
Insurance Comp’y.
I Continue to Buy Adjusted Claims
AT HIGHEST CASH HATES.
P. K. TENNEY,
451 walKialiAv
nas-rEoor
Insurance Company.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1871
UNDOUBTED
INDEMNITY.
list 1 Drew's
ISSIMM ms,
No. 472 Wabash-av.,
AND
No. 70 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
SOMIEECIAL UNIOM
Of London.
Assets over $10,000,000
ARCTIC OF N.T,
Assets over $300,000.
ADRIATIC OF H. Y,
Assets over $300,000.
MEMBfS FDHD,
OfNew Y oi’k.
Assets over $200,000
The foregoing Compa
nies, having had no
Agencies at Chicago be
fore the fire, are pre
pared to offer UNIM
PAIRED MATERIAL for
the PROTECTION ot
property-owners in our
city.
MILLER BREW
No. 472 Wabash-av.,
OR
Ho. 70 South Canal-st.
Insurance Company,
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
Organized «l# JDK 1819.
Losses paid In fifty-two years Over
s29,ooo,ooo—Exclusive of Late
Chicago Losses.
Cask Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample re-insurance fund after
Paying Chicago Losses.
Assets Over $4,500,000!
This well-known and reliable Com
pany, which has stood the tests of
over half a century, will continue issu
ing NEW POLICIES and RENEWING
OLD ONES at current rates.
Mill k PASIO, AMIS,
Office, 585 Wabash-av., 43 Sonlh Canal-st.,
Adjusting Office: 750 Wabash-av.,
Ip to Saturday, November 18, 1871, 893
claims bad been paid, amounting to $1,500,-
679.62.
Underwriters’ Agency,
Cosh Assets, After paying Chicago Losses,
$3,000,000.
Wc are paying losses In fun as fast os ad
nsted, by Sight Drafts on Aew Tort.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
60 South Canal-st.,
SECOND FLOOR.
FIRE INSURANCE
Disk, written on Dwelling* and .other prop
erty, at the Local Office*,
62 South CanaUst., ~d floor
and 475 \%'abash-av.
■v, sum k noi,
The Chicago Fire and the Insur
ance Companies-
An exhibit cl their CAPITAL, ASSETS anil LOSS-
Eg, from authentic sources. with a graphic account of
the great disaster. Published by j. H. &C. H. GOOD
SELL. cf The SrECTATOH,and for sale at their Chicago
rfllcq. i:v? West Madlacm-st., and by newsmen general
ly. Price 23 cents.
POLICIES,
and claims for loss in the GARDEN CITY and
STATE, of CMcago, bought for cash by
SUUFELDT BALL, 219 West aiadlson-st.
.8323,532.67
Office People’s Ins. Co.,
OP SAN FRANCISCO,
nnd LAiiIAR, of Chicago
-180 WEST MONTIO.E-SX.
A. B- OTIKKIRQK. SpccUl AgCTt-
D.i. TOWNER CO.
DENTISTS,
181 and 183 West SXadlson-st., Northeast
Comer Hoisted.
VITALIZED AIR
Given Li extracting Teeth. No pain, no danger.
Extracting Teeth, each 500
Artificial Teeth, very best S2O to 525
Cheaper Sets $lO to 615
SolidGoMFillings A 2 to* 4
Silver Fillings i to t 3
TEETH EXTRACTED AND NEW ONES ODIE
DIATELY REPLACED.
Best of city references given on application.
J. WARD ELLIS M. L. HAMILTON.
964 Wabasb-av., north of Ttren
ty-second-st.
Air given in extracting Teeth.
INSURANCE.
APPLY DIRECT TO
/ETNA
OP NEW YORK.
AG-ENTS.
DENTISTRY.
DENTISTS,
banking.
THE
GERMAN
SUES Ml,
MONTHLY REPORT TO NO-
VEMBER 31, 1871.
PUBLISHED BY ORDER OF THE DIRECTORS.
Thcyegulnr Bacty h n ß la October not having been held
for want of a quorum, we present at tills time a report
of tko aggregate Imsiuesa transactions since Septem
per iDthmst. The .ire of October Bth and BtU destroy
ing the bank building, corner Lake and La Salle
streets, caused an interruption in our business until
the contents of our vault could b« removed to our
present location, Ko. 20 Canal street, between Lauo
ot Directors wo luvo opened
new accounts as follows: Ars _.
From September lU to tin; tlmoof the firo.... 167 books
From October 17 to the present time 170 books
Since the time of the last meeting the volume of
business has been as follows;
Deposited before the tire, on new books $3C,804.73
Deposited before the lire, on old b00k5..36,143.20
Total 74,937.09
Amount raid doting the same time to 27()
persons 40,855.43
Deposited since the fire In new hooks 66,679.05
Deposited since the tiro in old books, 37.116.61
Total $103,796.26
Amount paid dnrlngtbe same time to 1,200
persons, principally from the 2?orth Divis
ion....... $131,710.00
averaging to each depositor the.sum ot
amount of savings in bank,
at this date is $636,316.72
Amount in bank September 19,..,,........,. C30,75L77
Increase since last meeting........... 5,594.95
Agalust the deposit wo have the following assets:
Amount invested in United States, City and
Onmtv bonds.. $301,500.00
Loans ol brut mortgage on real estate of
double tho value, exclusive of improve
ments 421,360.03
Cash on hand and in bank 46,152.03
exclusive of accrued Interest on all onr
bonds and securities amounting to suffi
cient to make a handsome Horplns, over
and above our paid-up capital of $200,000.
Itlsgratlfylngtoreportthofaet that tho firo only
destroyed three buildings in wldch wo wen: Interested
—tho first Swedish Baptist Church, and two dwelling
houses in the North Division.
Wt* had engaged before tho fire to make loans to
tliree different persons, aggregating ten thousand and
live hundred dollars, for building purposes. Tho par
ties calledsubsequently to tho tiro and left It optional
with us to ninko tho Joans or not, and we have In all
of them decided not to vary from the position token ho
lme the lire, and have paid over the money.
We congratulate the Gemma Savings Sank on tho
unreserved commence it enjoys with its customers.
Wo know ot no precedent in. the history ol savings
banks anywhere that equals tho success of tho insti
tution, having commenced business August I. 1870,
less than sixteen months ago, it lias now after tho firo
over 3,cco books issued, aggregating a net balance in
bank of nearly two-thirds of a million of dollars.
Bespettm President.
A. WISE, Caihler.
SAM'S or
mi ani.
No. 562 Wabash-av.
Established in 1851.
Continue to transact a
general Banking Busi
ness, and ready to ac
commodate the public
as heretofore.
LAZARUS SILVERMAN.
The Commercial
LOAN COMPANY
Has purchased, since the great fire, tho stone-front
handing, 126 ARCHER-AV., Junction Twenty-second
st, and have resumed business as usual In said build
ing. A first-class fire-proof vault is completed. The
patrons of tho Bank can deposit valuable papers or
articles in sold vault without charge.
THE COMMERCIAL LOAN CO. will transact a
savings as well os a general hanking business, sell
hills of exchange on Now York, and tho principal cities
of Europe.
The Commercial Loan Co. has also secured a twenty
years lease ot tho northwest corner of North Clark and
Michlgan-sts. A fire-proof building and vault is now
being built on said lot, and wo expect to resume onr
North Side business about tho first day ol January
next.
PREP. MEYEKt Cashier.
TOLMAN WHEELER, President.
TRUSTEES—M. D. Buchanan, Conrad Gchsko,
Tolman Wheeler, C. Kann, Wm. Knokc, Vm. A.
Ewing, Bacon Wheeler, C. B. Merer, Thomas Buchan
turn, St.. Vrwi. Mayor. O. CnmltlntO.
CHICAGO. NOV. 30,187 L
LEE PffiTi m.
BANKERS,
MASONIC BUILDING,
Corner of Daisied and Randolph-sts.,
Brandi Office, 493 Wabash-av.,
Transact a regular banking business
same as State or National Bank.
Also deal in Government Securities,
convert the ’62 5-20s due Dec. I.
Draw Cold Bills of Exchange on New
York, and Sterling Bills direct on Lon
don,
On Friday, November 24,1871,
THE
Commercial National
BANK OF CHICAGO,
Will occupy its new office on
Waahington-st,, between State and
Dearborn-sta., adjoining the First
National Bank of Chicago,
H. F. FAMES, President,
H. D. BUCHANAN, Cashier.
B A NK
OP
MONTREAL.
The BANK OP lIONTREAIi win open's bran ah
office for the transaction of a regrdar banking business
on Bandolph-st, opposite the Court House, and ad-
Joining Bryan's Sloellty Sato Deposit co., on Monday,
the 13th Inst.
The permanent office, located in the Union National
Bank Building. Madison-sL, trill be ready lor occupa
tion In December.
Sterling Exchange bought and sold, and Letters of
Credit issued on England. China, Ac.
Drafts issued on New York, Boston, 6an Lraucisco,
and all points In Canada.
WM. RICHARDSON, Manager.
EDWARD HAIGHT CO.
BANKERS,
No* 9 Wall Street, JVew York.
FIVE TEE. CENT. Interest Allowed on
deposits.
The business of our firm is the same as any State or
National Bank.
Individuals or firms banking 'with ns may deposit
and draw ns they please, the some aa with any Rank,
xoept that wo allow Interest on all balances (of five
and sell Bonds, Stocks, Gold. Business po
rers and collect business notes and drafts throughout
the bolted states, giving prompt returns.
MiialfiaiofGonierce
Will open an office at
HO. 58 CAWAZ.-ST.,
On Monday, the 27th, and their main office
-will remo-ye to their new building, comer of
Wabash-av. and Congress-st., as soon {as
completed. E. MAYNARP, Cashier.
TIE mu UK i EEHEiE
WILL OPEN AN OFFICE AT
i\o. 58 South Canal-st,,
On HONDAV, the 27th, and trill remove their main
office to iht> new handing, corner of Wabash-av. and
Congress at. soon os completed.
E. MAYNARD, Cashier.
pm&NCIAL.
Tie Met tree Steel Go.
WIU sell at public auction for account of
KING& co..
To the highest bidder for cash, on Tuesday, Dceem
bir s 1871, at U o’clock a. m., at the office of the Third
National Bank, Chicago. No. 37C Wabash-av., forty
thousand dollars of the first mortgage bonds of the
Chicago, Danville incennes Railroad Company,
emcagu, JOLIET IRON STEELCO.
jjj. j. H. \rngs>\ Secretary and Treasury.
MOSEY TO L®AA
on collateral security, byE. JACOBS, 23 Quincy-sL,
between State and Dearborn. Office hones, from 9ln
the morning till 4 in the evening.
SEWING MACHINES.
HOME
SHUTTLE
Ml Hi.
THE CHEAPEST,
THE BEST,
LOCK STITCH MUI
EVER PLACED
Before the Public.
Price S4O
Sold on Monthly Payments.
Warranted to do all kinds
of work equal to any ma
chine ever made.
Call and examine for
yourself, at
247 West Madison-st.
CORKER OF SAKGA3IOK,
IX THE BASEHEXT.
mw. cue co.,
GENERAL AGENTS.
Canvassing Agents vomited
in city.
Important Notice.
All persons who held a Howe Sewing ma
chine on lease, and pa jlng for the same In
monthly Instalments, and who formerly re
sided in the BURST DISTRICT, are respect
fully requested to call at the Office of The
Howe Sewing machine Co., 239 S. Halstcd-st,,
and give Information In reference to the
some, ton ore earnestly requested to give
this your Immediate attention, as we desire
to ascertain whether the machine was saved
or lost.
THE HOWE HACHPfE CO.,
239 South Balsted-st.
BUSINESS CARDS.
J. A. H. F. GRISWOLD,
ItAIHJPACTUMBS OP
Ground Cofees, Spices, Mustard,
CREAM TARTAR, Etc.,
Ami Wholesale Dealers in
TEAS, TOBACCO AND CIGARS,
299 MICHIGAX.AV., CHICAGO.
We arc prepared to receive orders lor above lino
ol goods.
W. B. LAP ABLE. JACOB FUKCK.
IAPARLE FUNCK,
Importers ol and Wholesale Dealers in
Wines and Liquors
No. 52 Fulton-st, near Clinton,
CHICAGO, ILL.
m BEOS. 60.
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY.
9GI Indiana-nT.* between Twentieth and
TwentT-draUfU.
WEST 00.,
Wax Flower Materials,
FANCY GOODS,
SEA SHELLS BY THE CASE,
Now at 978 Wabaah-ar., will remove December 1
to 276 West Madison-st.
BRICK AND STONE
OLD Asm BOSSW
SOUGHT FOR OABH. BY
LIMN BRIDGES Sc CO.,
Dealer la all blade of Building Material! and Beady*
mode Honses, corner Carroll and Sancamon-sts,
CHAPIN GORE,
Wo. 142 Twenty-second-at.,
■WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
Fine Whiskeys
ASm IMPORTED LIQUORS,
Have on hand 500 cases imported Champagne, all
brands. Also have a toll stock of California Wines.
TOYS.
Vergho, Buhlmg Co.’s Retail Store,
934 Statelet.
J. MASON PARKER,
Negotiator of Chicago Mortgages and Real Estate,
No. 3 Boston Post Building, Boston. Refers to Hon.
jas. F. Joy, Hon. Hugh T. Dickey, Hon. Mark Skinner.
E. Sweet, Jr. A Co.,
Civil Engineers and Contractors,
99 S’. Ciinton-st., Chicago.
Contractors for railroad, dock and bridge building.
SOUTH SIDE PRINTING COMPANY
execute every description of
FINE JOB PRINTING,
500 Wabash-ar., Chicago.
c*f>. u. moBX. it n. abbott.
DONNELLY VAN VAALEN,
formerly with A. Liproan,
NO SI ARCHER -AV,
AU kinds Pawnbrokers’ Goods for sale.
A. GOODRICH,
Attorney at Lav, 359 W Madison-st.,
requests all former clients to call or send him their ad
dress.
Dr. A. G. Olin,
The longest engaged and most successful Physician
In all Chronic ami special Diseases, (formerly 102 Wash
ingtofi-st.) Is sou* confidentially consulted, personally
or by mail, at 565 State st., CJdcago, 111. Send stamp
for circular.
DE. W. C. HUNT,
Office, 318 West madison-st.
Residence, 657 West Honroo-st,
P. D. CLAEKE, M. D.,
167 West Madison-st.,
Formerly at 174 South Clark-st.
TEAS AND TOBACCO.
M’EISM, (iUCHKIST k CO.,
Monroe-st, comer Wabash-av.,
WHOLESALE DRAPERS IN
teas, tobacco,
Syrups and Spices.
Confining onrselvcs, for the
present, to the sale of these Goods,
vc invite the attention of our cus
tomers and the trade to the
LARGEST STOCK, ever brought
to this market, which we offer on
as favorable terms, and at LOW
ER PRICES than any bouse west
of the Atlantic cities.
CALENDULA
‘JELLY,
FOR
Chapped Hands,
UPS, BTO.,
ia the very neatest, cheapest, and
best article known. It is not greasy
or unpleasant to use, being entirely
different from all Ices, Creams, etc.
It heals and renders soft and smooth
the worst cases of roughness and
soreness fay one or two applications.
Prepared and sold by
HALSEY BROS.,
PHARMACEUTISTS,
sro. 704 SffATS-ST.
Trade supplied by them and VAN
SCHAACK, STEVENSON REID,
cor. Eighteenth-st. and Wabash-av.
MISCELLANEOUS,
AJPJEMLY TO
GUcapßiMMSocislf,
AT STAIiDAKD HAUL,
For Information as to Letters of Inquiry for
the following persons:
r MR FRANK WHITCOMBS, formerly with Messrs
Bold, Murdoch Fisher Is anxiously inquired after by
hla mother, Mrs. Eliza WUltcomhe, of 52 Talbot-road,
Bayswater, London W-, England.
J OHN O’BRIEN, a turner by trade, is inquired after
by William j. Porter, of Peterson, N. J.
JOHN JONES, formerly at P. D. Champlln’s, 730
West Lake-st.. inquired after by his mother, through
Mr. Edward Woodall, of tha AaceriUer, at Oswestry,
Eneland.
WILLIAM MARSHALL, with Hamlin, Halo
Co., is inquired after by his sister, 3Lisa Emma Mar
shal]. Cleveland Villas, London-read, Lower Clapton,
London, England.
MARGARET BRENNAN, who lived at 170 Stale
st-, and was a sewlng-mnchlno operator, is Inquired
after by her aged parents, through C. Pishcr, Victo
ry, Mason County, Mich.
Annie H. Smith Is anxious to bear from her brother,
CHARLES W. SMITH.
Mrs. MARY HIGGINS, who lived on North La-
Salle-st., and her two children, who were hoarding at
St. Joseph's Academy with the Sisters, arc inquired
after by T. F. Donnelly, of Lockport. N. Y.
MISS BRIDGET SULLIVAN, formerly living at
No. 92 Desplaines-st, is anxiously inquired after by
her brother, M. J, Sullivan, Hearts Content Station,
Newfoundland-
WILLIAM EVANS, of MalaJiidi?, Ireland, makes
earnest innulrv for his son, -who used to live at 423
Fifth-av., Chicago. __
HIRAM DECKER ami JANE BECKER aro in
nuired after by John C. Seamen, of Gardiner, Ulster
County, N. Y.
\VM. H. BLATCHFORD, formerly of 2$ West Van
Buren-st. is inquired after bv his mother, through the
Rev. W. H. Alim, curate of Christ Church, Plymouth,
England.
to fss rirsxzc.
Staxdakd Hall, Nor. 21,1571,
I particularly request that all persons who feel that
thevhave been treated with incivility, rudeness, or
neglect by any visitor, clerk, or other person connect
ed with any District Office of the Chicago Relief and
Aid Society, will at onco report the facts to tho Super
intendent of tho District, stating to him tho offence
and pointing ont the offender.
Unless this is done it will be impossible to correct
evils and abuses, wlilclt tho officers of tho societyaro
aft anxious to correct as any ono lu tho community
con be. 0.0. GIBBS,
General Superintendent.
TAKE WAffllM!
Bead the article in yesterday’s Tribune,
on Cholera, and GIVE HEED to its warn
ings. The free nse of the new disinfect
ant, BROMO CHLORAIXUI, will puri
fy the had air in your houses, and DISIJT
FECT EVERYTHIHG that this terrible
disease feeds upon.
Prepared by 'JTT/DEN CO., Btannfao
turing Chemists, Hew Lebanon, H. Y.
For sale by all Druggists.
OLD
NEWSPAPERS
FOR SALE AT
Tribune OHlce,
15 South. Canal-st.
The Stewart Fond for the Relief of
Women and Children.
The Committee appointed by Mr. A. T. Stewart to
supervise the expenditure of his donation have de
cided to have tho fund expended hy tho Chicago Aid
and Relief Society, though such agencies as may be
decided upon by tho committee. Applications of
benevolent societies, or individuals for tho relief of
destitute women and children may bo made by letter,
or in persop, toK. S. BOUTON, at Standard Hall,
corner Michigan nv. and Thlrteenih-st. Office hours
from Ito3 p. m.. daily. Persons regularly receiving
aid from Relief Societies need not apply.
Bridges, Roofs, &c.,
Tho Michigan Bridge and Construction Co. are pre
pared to erect wooden, iron, or combination roofs of
bridges at short notice.
Correspondents please address Michigan Bridge and
Construction Co., Detroit. Mich.
HcetaGiarliiTactm.
Just received, 50 cases of Connecticut Leaf, all wrap
pers, A 1 quality, at low figures. Consider your own
interest before purchasing elsewhere;
G. H. WHITE, Agent,
33 West Madlson-st
TO BANKERS
And others. Why don’t you build bank vaults, &a, of
FIRE BRICK I
ROBINSON SON.. 215 East Madlson-st.
NOTICE.
Tho annual meeting of the United Hebrew Relief
Association will bo held SUNDAY, Nov. 25, at 2 p. m.,
at the Synagogue, corner Peck-court and Wabastt-av.
Delegates ol component societies and hospital mem
bersaro requested to attend.
B. LOWEKTHAL, President.
NOTICE.
The creditors of Marshall P. Stone, Banker, are re
quested to meet at tho Sherman House Parlor, ou
Monday next, at 2 1>. zu.
GEO. H. STONE. Cleveland, O.
NOTICE.
Havlngconclnded to dlscoutinno tho branch of onr
fionso heretofore located in tho city of Chicago, tho
power of attorney given by Perkins, Stem Co.,
about May, ISC3, to Benjamin Bruce Jr„to sign checks
and do other business for us in said city of Chicago, is
hereby revoked, PJCRKLEXS STERN.
Chicago, Nov. 20.1971. _
BOOTS AND SHOES.
Boots ad ta
DOGGETT.BASSETT ELIS,
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash-av.,
comer Hannon-court, are now receiving a new stock of
Boots and Shoes,
and are prepared to supply cus-
tomers.
Boots and Shoes.
iIcCOHMICK <fc CLABK, formerly at 57 South
Clark-st, ha-re reopened at 40 hladison.su, opposite
Sberman House, and are now prepared to supply their
customers with good goods at low prices.
Boots and Shoes.
J T, JEWETT
1001 Stalest.
I have opened my business at the above aombJr,
where I hare the facilities to meet the want* of -or
f ormcr patrons, as well as those who may layor ms
with m caH.
SKATES.
SKATES,
AND SLEIGH BELLS,
AT
BRIKTHALL, TERRY BELDEK’S,
TVliolesale Hardware, 57 West lake-st.
Great Reduction
M
w
JSL
T
eEWEXEY,
Silver Goods, Fans,
CLOCKS AHD BROJTZSS,
Fancy Goo ds, Cutler y and Table Ware.
GILES, UK®. Co.,
MAIN WHOLESALE BOOMS,
384 W abasli- a v..
uiuxcnia.
158 Twenty-secom!-si. and 247 West
ftladison-st.
Especial attention to renairu." CTTROVfV.rs*
TEItS. KEPKATIXU WATCHER CLOCKS?
elrr and Sliver renovated.
nans TABLE,
Arrival and Departure of Trains,
WINTER ABRAXBEXBUI
Ulsch. Central Be Great Western Railrray,
Depot—Foot oT _Ttroaity-eecoacl*st. Ticket oiUce, 7S
Canal-st», corner Madison,
leave. AxtlTß.
ITatt (via main and airline)—.—* &i2Jm j;pa
Fast Is'evr York Express 9:l3am 7:47 pa
Jackson Acccmmoiutibn (daily) a a
At. Ex. (daily) via Air Line...... 5:23 p m 7:17 aha
Kickt Express. t*9o3 p m (Al7 a a
Sunday excepted. Monday
excepted. HENEY C. WE^tWOBTU.
Genera, passenger Agent
.Illinois Centra).
On and after Nov. 12,1571, and until nrthcr notice,
assenger trains trill leave and arrive at Depot, foot of
‘wenty-second-st., as follows
Leave. Arrive.
St. Louis Express jfcto am 3:50 pa
St. Louis Fast Line f 7:10 pm 7:13 a a
Cairo Mail 9:30 am 8:50 pc.
Cairo Express. 1 7:iQpm 7:ioaa
EeoSuk Passenger. ~f7:iopm *7;VJam
Gilman Passenger 5:25pm 9:loam
Bydo Pari ana oak W00d5......* &25 am 7:55 am
do do do *li29pm *9: loam
do do do 2:lopm *l:3spa
do do do &2Spm s:ospm
do do do RSJ pra 7:35 pl 3
•Sundays excepted. tSaturdays excepted
Chicago, Rock Island ds Pacific Railroad*
Depot—Corner Van Duron and Shermaa-sta.
_ Ticket ofticb-33 V.'cat Madlson-at.
Night Express txtkoopm 7^)ta
Peru Accommodation 4:30 p m *9v» am
Pacific Express.....'. ‘Jfcooam *4uopm
An decant parlor sleeping car la attached to the 10£0
a. m. train running through to Council Bluffs and
Omaha.
Chicago nad Alton Railroad—Chicago. Alton Ss
bt, Louis Through Line and Louisiana,
New Short Koato between Chicago and linn*
•as City*
XTkiox Depot—West Side, near 3ladiaon-3t bridge,
Leave. Arrive.
St Louis «t Spring-field Ex., via
Main Xdno •9:00 am *3:09 pn
Kansas City last Ex via Juctson
villc, 111.andXoualana, M0..*3.-00am *4:39 pm
Wenona, Lacon tvasluogtoa
Ex. (Western Division).......*thooam •liSDpm
Joliet Accommodation *4:lopin *9:40 aja
St Xouia Springfield Night Ex.
via Main Lino I&3opm *C3opm
St iouia ASniinllfieldldshtnlng
Er. via Main Lino, and also
via Jacksonville Division.... $5:00 p m {7:15 a d
Kansas City Ex- via Jacksonville
HI, and Lonslana, Mo ilkOOpm 07:15 am
Except Sunday. lOn Sunday runs to Springfield
only, Except Saturday. {Daily. (jExcept Monday.
Lake Shore illielilsaa Southern Railway.
Detox—Comer of Polk and Sherman-sts.
Ticket OCice, soatlivsat cor. Madison and Canal-ats,
M oil (;40am
Special NewVorkErnreas *S;ooam 8:00 pm
Atlantic Express (daDy) S:ispm 7:3oam
Night Express 4 {9-.00 p m *te3o a m
Chicago, .Cnrllagton Qnincr Bailroad*
Ticket Cisco under Erl pcs House, cor. Canal and WzuX*
Jaon-ste. Depot cor. or indlaaa-ar. and Slxteenth-st
Wall and Express 7:30 am 4:13 p m
Pacific Fast line -*10:15 am *3£opm
Galeslmrp Passenger. S.-oapm 3:10 p a
Wendota «S Ottawa Passenger.* ■tapm s-iiaai
Aurora Passenger. 5:30 pm 8:30 azb
Pacific Night Express t pm *7:43 a m
Downer'aQroveAccociniodaUoa* l:l>pm s^opm
DoTrner’a Grove Accommodation* 6:lspm *10:00 pm
Riverside and Hinsdale &30 am. 9rto am
RiversideandHlnsdalo *l0:00am h3opm
Riverside and Hinsdale 3:13 pm 6:45 p a
‘Sundays excepted. {Saturdays excepted. iWondan
excepted.
Chicago. Dnnvill© Sc Vincennes Railroad*
SXH.WAUKKE Depot—Co rarer Canal and Kinzlc strode
Side. Preicht OlHco at C., C. &I. C. Co/e
office, corner Hoisted and Carroll strata.
Hail Train, Chicago Tino., 4:10 p m 9:3) am
Chlecgo 3c Northwestern llallvray.
Ticket Office—Southeast comer ol dark and UM
*S;33a m *6:-13 SCI
~«1(h45 On *3:15 p B1
t9:*Spia tfcSOam
Clinton Passenger.
Pacific test Uno...
Padfio nlffbt express
Port Eortgo ana Dubuque
express *9.-0) p n *230 p st
Sioux City ana Dubuque ex.- *9:00 a m 7:15 am,
Milwaukee mail *9km a a *10:10 a m
Milwaukee express *9:45 a m p m
Milwaukee passenger p a *7:40 p m
Milwaukee paaaenger (daily). 11:00 p m 8:00 a m
Greenßay express *IW» a xa *7:15 p m
Green Bay. *&CO p m *5:30 a a
*Bundav oxoeotod. fSvtordaTa dn iMondars dst
USGAL NOTICES.
Circuit Court of Cook Conner*
IK CHANCERY—The People of the State of Illi
nois, vs. The Merchants’ insurance Company ol
Chicago, Illinois.
Notice la hereby given that hy an Interlocutory
decree entered in tho above cause, the undersigned baa
been appointed Receiver of all the property; funds, and
effects of the Merchants' Insurance company of Chi
cago.
All persons Indebted to said Company are requested
on or Wore December l, A. D. ISTI, at 10 o’clock a. m.
at tho office of tho Receiver, in the Masonic Building,
No. 201 West Randolph-st., in tho city of Chicago, to
render an account of tho debts and stuns of money
owing by them to the Company, ami to pay th: some.
All persons having la their possession any property
or effects of said company are required to deliver the
same to the undersigned, at his said office on or before
tho day above named.
All creditors of said company, and especially holder*
ol poficiea who have sustained loss, ami who have not
heretofore furnished proof thereof to said company are
required to present their demands at Ills said office, os
or before the day above named. Dated, Chicago,
November 8,1571. _
WILLIAM E D.OGOETT, Receiver.
Hitchcock, Dupee Evarts, Solicitors for Receiver,
southeast cor. Monroo-st. ana Fifth-av.
Circuit Court of CookCotmfy*
IK CHANCERY.—The People of the State of Illi
nois. vs. the State Insurance Company of Chicago.
Notice la hereby given, that by an interlocutory to
croe entered in the above cause, the undersigned ho*
been appointed Receiver of all tho property, foods,
and effects of the State Insurance Company of CM
"Tn persons Indebted to said Company ore requested,
on or before December 1, A. D. 1371, at 10 o'clock a. nu,
at the office of tho Receiver, No. 92 West
in tho City of Chicago, to render an account of tho
debts ana sums of money owing by them to She Com
pany, and to ray tho same.
AU persons having in their possession any property
or effects of said Compaay,.atd "required to deliver tho
same to the undersigned, at his said office, on or before
the day above named.
All creditors of said Company, end especially hohtes
of policies who have sustained loss, ana have not here
tofore furnished proof thereof, to said Company; are
required to present thoir demands at his said office* on
orbeloro the day abovo named.
Dated Chicago. November 8,1871.
HORACE a. HURLBtJT, Receiver.
HncncocK, Dupee, «fe Evarts, Solicitors for B*
celver, southeast cornerMonroe-at. and Viftb-av.
IK THE MATTER of tbo Montana Gold Mining Com
pany. Bankrupt. I’eremptory Sale.
In pursuance of the order of the* District Court or the
United States for the Southern District of Now
the assignee offers tor sale all the property of tho bank
rupt to close tho estate, viz:
Thirty-nine mining claims on diffiirent lodes Jn-CHoar
Creek and Qalpln Counties. Colorado, embracing tbs
celebrated Kansas, Kent County, Pratt, Vnsa.cto., with
whim and whim houses; al«o, a parcel of land in Cen
tral Cltr, extending from Spring Gulch to tbs Nevada
Gulch Road, containing upward of 77,000 square feet,
with quartz mill thereon 60s ICO foot, two stories high,
containing SO stamps. SO hor-o power engine, two 22 feck
two-fiae boilers, six Freiburg pans, necessary pumps,
tanks, etc., all In perfret running order, etc., etc.
Offers and negotiations as So terms sre invited. If
not sold at private sate prior to eho Ijih day of Decem
ber, IS7I, the same will c-e sold oa that day, at 12 m., to
the highest bidder, fbr cosh, at pnMlc auction, by
Albert B. Nicolay. auctioneer, at toe Merchants’ Xs£>
change Sales Booms, No. ill Broadway, in the city of
New Tort, without further colica.
The property cost the bankrupt npwards of 1250,00*.
more than HCO,OOO having been expended oa the mill
alone.
Tor rfnrthar particulars, apply to the aotloneof, O
Pine it.. Si, T., or Sylvester B. t'obb, Assignee.
BAJIUfiL B. HEGESBOTAM.
Attorney. 22 Pino at.. N. T*
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR FBESH BEEF.
Office Purchasing C. S.. 560 Wabash-ar., I
Chicago, lIL. IS, 1871. i
Sealed proposal*, in duplicate, tv ill bo received as
this office untfl ua. m„ Saturday, December 23,137 i»
for fumiahlug tho Fresh Beef required by the Sub
sistence Department U. 8. A-, at this station, during
six months, commencing January 1,1672. Information
as to conditions, quality of beef, payments,
bo obtained by application to
B. MACPJiKLV. arajor and C. S. 17.8. A.
TABLE SAtTCE.
HALFORD
lEEffllli
TABLE SAUCE
Vhe neat Suttee and neltab made ia aum
Turf at the teortd, 9
FOR FAMBLY USE.
re-To bo tailor iflUlrafcctaM grace ra.
SCALES.
jPf PASSB&Knas
-./ILL SCAMESS,.
/Js&sSS&i Of All Sixes*
Fairbanks, Greenleaf Co,
11 SOUTH CAHAWX, J