iadame `Cuterazy a Persecuted Woman.
•wEL"CO'":ID TO TIIE WHiITE hOUSE, A t
TIIIEN "CUT D)EA PD"-LOVE,
I:.OIANCE, FIDELITY. L
[Correspaon!duce New York CenlmerIicial
I Ad'ver(t iser t
F.ri AVI\-l": IIOTEL,
October 10, 1871.
'rili STOY OF 3AlIDAME CTACA.ZY.
So much has belen said at Washiing
ton, andi so uch will be said in St.
Petet .:lrg, belf e this Fish-Calta izy,,
or m:lte propel ly, MSis. Fi'lh-Miadatme1
Cataczy tudnhdle will be i traightened
out, that it is proper at this time to
give to the pubti ic the inside facts of
the great dilloi atie,sca-dal.
Mrs. Fish, the wit of 1our Washing
ton Priemier, threw d(lowu the gaul lett
to Mad:iune (Cataec17y one year ago in
VWa'lhinlgion. At this time Mine. Cata
eizy received, a social stab which threw
the Russian Minister on the defen ire,
and malte too wide theli breach in the
diplnmatic corps to be vcer closed, or
even firiendiy relations to again return.
Last Novemiber Mrs. Fish gave her
grand dillumltiie dinner. Every for
eigu Amhb's-,adoir and Minister, with
their ladies, were invited, for the d(in
ier was giveln to the honor of the Joint
]Iigh Conlmission. MrI'. Catacazy alone
was uuinvited. The omission fell like
a bomlsh ell in the republican court at
Washington.
"Wh y didn't you ask Madame Cata
eazy everyone asked of Mrs. Fish.
"iWhat is the m1 atter
Mrs. Fish looked ominous, the gos
sips were busy, the old secession fani
lies of the West LEnd, those parasital
relics oif an lt.uielit ri'g ihar 11n1' aris
tocracy, were ready to hurl lheir darts
of calumny at Madlame Catacazy but
the dreadful secret was kept close shiut
tip inll the iosoms of few of the diplo
matic and old family aristocracy.
SoInetimes somile gos.-iping woman
wouhld whisper about llatllenlshurg- an
Italian Count, but the foreign lega
tions generally maintained their mriend
ly relations wiltth e beautiful ife of
the Russian Minister.
A SAD STORY.
Madame Cataueazy is a Frenchl lady
her name was Ilcrwiek. Eighteen
years ago, while she was scarcely in
her teens, she was the most beautifuol
child-womnia in all Frauce. I1cr father
and mother were titled people, and tieh
Berwick blood is the best in Europe.
At this tender age she was throwi into
lihe companly of the Italian Con lit
Count F. lie was a haiadsselne, dlsh
ing man of the wirld, knew all its
wiles and snares, and could assume the
face and tone of an angel.
Count F. won the love of this beau
tiful, innocent child, Millie. Berwick,
married her, and took her to Rome to
live. They lived happily for a while,
when lie became dissipated, gambled,
and became a bird nian generally, treat
ing his wife, first with indifference,
then neglect, then with positive cruel
ty. Coloni hairia, the Italian Charge
d'Affairies, a ye:r or so ago, knew the
chalacter of this bad Italian, and lIe
quently said, "lie was a countryman
of mine, but lie was at ve:y bad man,
and I do not blame lMadame Catacazy
when she did run away from him."
SIHE MElTS I'.1. CATACAZY.
In Rtoue, eighteen years ago, Mr.
Catacazy saw the abutsed wife-then
ote of the lmost beaut iful womlen of the
Italian capital. ile felt a syimpathy
for her. Afterward they met in Laris,
when she, tired and sick of the badl
Count, her ulnsbanid, halid abaindoned
him nd son ght shelter ulider her fit
ther's ro itf. i
Mr. Caineazy was apointd by thelli
Ruissian Governinent as Secretary of
Legation to Washiiigton under Mintis-!
ter Bodlisco. Iefluse hle came to ths
country a warm attacliinenit sprang op
between him atdll the unhappy Coun
tess. Their fol~dness rijieiied iiito love
-wnrml, Cien ilding amd pure i. Fromi
the French, an:d especially tlie Roussinn
statndpoint, where ilrnost cvely Miniis
ter, and eveon lthe Czar himself sup
portslndrality of househlolds, the ac
tion of the yomug Secretary and the
Countess wotdld never be questioned.
'rIHEY 'COME To AMlIIiCA..
Wheln the tiie caitne for Mr. Cata
eazy to join !hUldisco, her poor lover
was desolate. What was to ie done!
She could not live with her husband,
andl shte had To divmoi ce. To stay was
living death. She could not broo the
intermittent visits and abuse from her
husband, whom she despised. The
Vetern sky looked full of happiness.
for there she could fly flow eveiy r.
hoar and be happy with one whom she
loved more than her life.
So they were married and came to
America. This marriage was not
strictly legail, for she was not divorted
fromt her first hiusbaiind; but it was a
moral iarriage. and never has nl doubt
ful rumnor ever cloinded the ulotal sky
of th'it coveiant with Mr. Catacazy.
They arrived in this connti-y as Mr.
and Mrs. Ca.'tacazy. After staiying
"twhile in New York. Mr. Catacazy
went on to \V1tshiington, taking with
him Mrs., Cataiczy, The young See.e
tiury reited for his beautiful conipin
ion a pretty cottiige in Il1itdenshiirg,
eight miles from Walshington, \where
hIe speut most of'lhis time-ho with wild
loose notions of a profligate lRussian
Count, and sihe sinply contiding in thit
only alan she ever loved-and the only
manr, sihe thought, who could dare to
call her his wife.
RETURN TO RUSSIA.
Eight years ago Mr. Cataeazy ro
turned to Russia. They were both re
ceived at the Russian Court; feted by
the nobility, nand the little spot which
lad aiused thlemu so u!uch uneasiness
was forgotteCu in thcir mutual happi
neis an:d prosperity.
The Czarina of IRusFia is a tall, grace
ful woman like the Queen of Denmn ik,
trlibly devoted to the' Gteek Churcih,
and pan ilg very little attention to sr-.
ciety. BPut it is true that she, witlh :ill
hit r thoirdox scruples, rectived MaId-:
antm Catacazy.
HACK TO WASTIINGTON J. V .IN'STER;.
In WeGS Mr. Constantine de Cit:cazy i
was appointed by Czar Alexanlierfai!
Envoy Extraordinary 1'tad l'Midcer
Plenipotc.ntiary to the IUitito4 'ltates t
Aceginp.at.icd 1y his wife, hlie arrived r
onU the Vil!e de Paris, a!nd proceelded, ati
once to Washingtorn relieving Baron
Stoclkl.
lie was received everywhere in offi. e
cial circles with great friŽendship, idisi
beautiful wife sharing iunall the honors
of her husband. I myself have seen
them together at President Johllsqu's,
and also at Se:cret;ary Sovward's.
irECIVYED IN NIWt .ORK.'
M'rs. J;laics iooks threw Newi' York
society into an excitement ly gjviarg
MIadaiie Cataaezy a reeepttin. at hlr I
beautiful resideuce on Fifth Avenue,
near Thirty-fourth street, last autumn.
Here she was gi eeted by the best blood
of the metropolis. Mrs. Juidgeo oose
velt, who had beenl presented to the
Court of St. James, with Lady Onsely
were there, and they vied with Mrs.
I;oberts, Mrs. Blodgett, Mris. Stevens,
Mrs. Whitney, Mis. Vanderlilt andl 1
Mrs. Stewart, in polite welcoming and
benedictions to the fair representative
of the nation which stood by the gov- 1
erniment during a terl'ible w:ir, nod
carried our beloved Fairlagut in her
irms from St. Petersburg to Moscow
dt inking tihe health of our saved re
public in every town in Russia. Mrs.
Goulhger, the giftled singer of St.
'Thomias' Church, suang a song of .wel
come to her, and the fair face of the I
Anll;;ssadua s wife was too happy for
t terlance.
Mada;tln Catacazy's beauty was the
theme of newspaper writers, and the
gossip of the West End. IHer parlors
on Franklin Squna e were throniged on
reception days with West aristocratic
residents and sojourners of the capital.
They had been in Washington but a
few days, when they rode over to IBla
dcnsburg to see the beautiful vineclad 1
cottage, where years before she had
spent; so many happy hours. Every
nook was examined, and, as the enthu
siastic Iwife recollected the hours of
love and confidence she haid se:nt
there, she said she would be happy in
deed to live there again.
Plucking a bouquet from the little
yard, as beautiful to her as was Claude's
Alpine home, she rode back to Wash
ington but not befire some old Bla
densburg Mrs. Grundy had recognized
the old sweetheart love of thle Ruosian
Secretary.
She reported the fiact to the quid
ntulecs of Washington.
SOCIAL DI).-TI:UCTION MEDITATED.
The hereditary Washington gossips
now set to work-those anuient female
military and naval barnacles who live
in the West End boat ding houses, wear
long black dresses, and subsist on gos
sip about what Miss Lane and Mr.
BIuchanan used todo. They talk about
Captain McClellan and Colonel Lee,
and only aspire to marry daughters to
higher titles than Lieutenants anti
Captains in the army. They don't
know that Captains and Lieutenants
never get above Blheeker street in the
exclusive society of the metropolis.
Well, this set, who flutter around the
Carrolls, and Riggses, and Co:rcorans,
began to hreathe iniildew upon tile ftiir
tlueo of the beautiful wife of the Rus
sian Minister.
Mrs. Grant and Mrs. 'ish, who had
receivedl more than once, and lwho had
more thanl once been tlhe reciicut of
her wanli Russialn cotrtesy, were ta
ken in tow.
"It is dreadful said one.
"Perfectly horrible!" exclaibndd' ah
otlher, with her hands out like a
·reaLt V.
"You ought not to receive her," said
all tlhee female West End luciferSs at
once. "It's all insult to seud heritere."
As if shte whoi had been lhonored at the
tullssi:ln Courlt-she who had been kIss
ed in the Impe lelial white rdom of: St.
George by .the Czarina and Dagrumar
and Granud Dukeo Constauti.t_ could
soil the characters of a few gossiping
Washingtton WestEAlece-~'ho become
-elf: l'ppo'inted boardini g holouse g ua r
dians of the natliolnal ihonor.
Yes, \voiien were at the bottom of
it. just as they have been at the bottom
oti more than oue White House squanb
tle, froni hisR. EiLOiiA:kltii'i 'oKAate
S'prague and Mrs.. Lineqoli s'A'
Te gossipearri ed'the t
thle diii;(:r given to- tho@pr,Jtit 1,i
Commission,'ll. 'Mrs. .`iASJ 9pelledte
barrel of powtFeii Whid "il, y w
ui t "Wit' bvtWiveUil Rittaift Cit.
Mi. Catnezy is nixcitit b, ian,
and wheu Ilis wife was''cut" tis Iub
hidly, whlat wonder thit'ihe; fle iJi a
iaslioli autd called fish tl _ ,,e,
andi swor by tllhe big %elt-ia in ftlIl
thI ish-;a .d MIS. i~~u, a
tody in Waslisgtom,-:u stn, bo bolht
l,,i like a lomait..d ~riit3'jlf.th
iacizy hlla~b hiniily' Phtyeid ttiw'eletf of
Mrs. AD.'. Itkllarudson. Sthe comes
frona a profligaute court.. She, comps
thom whlei6 both the" "Riissh'n a tnd
Freieh tiaditions p:'e) (g ose on the
soiilject of divotco and na'rriage, and
fros wihee' maany "womeneit tlhik' h'ey
are sa.tlts if tlihey are truoe to one mxa:,
nal'ri-d or not. InReusSiatslyt,.
been invitedt to dine wiiilit, ~laps, a
umember of the nobility, When 1 would
have to nsk Ilithe qtstion at which
house, for the mnll kojfl two holuis.
Now tirat we'vb got imto thi dijlo
matic muddlle, it will be hard to get
out..' But, wvhatever transpiFesrrtWter
ber ..Madime Cb rt.a0-'e iful
wonau nobily quqstion)1irei puriyt,
iand i lobotldy diulbts thile mnutual dq.o
timni the abstehtlebvoeth1t
exists between the Russian Minister
and his wife.
Tea >Days 4inl 1!gI*d. V
3IGIITS A\D SCOkB 'AiAtiiLGLAND, IRE- ti
No one can havrn nn idea of-all .that i
ein be ciein, iind `ti' 6T6 `uliuftf' d1
travel that can be done, in ten days I
after landinu g on tnropeap snors. I
little time in .tle p, rincipal cities in a
Engiiluil, 1~,4il atJ l.Sc'tal, t nas .we it
ais a ýu9ulil ,fipýa; in Iiri, ddins ti
that tin!e.:;,Q co!reeuso,!l: ilsa e liire ve
read of in the letters of correspondents
and works of travcsyl ,.annot be seen, I.
4 pt thrnnyof tHp Iflusth apupa nsightsi
may be visited. M31. J. Edwards, city
editor of tiroe New, Iaven :,P4littum4 y
has been making a:. fving visit to
Europe, ,end fur nies t,!it'. jiirfial a
running sketch ofw.what :may be leen, a
during "Ten Days ip Europe," giving;
something of an iig. ofI bhow iteih a
trip can be hn de;
In a pr(6vli'f'letter I Ileft readers' at t
the door of ia hotel; .i Queenstowrn--I'
hoput with: bt thli imnpatienm% to enter a
that 1 hIal. 'rmpatien.ce was char.ged 9
to disgust, howev:qr, when a half-dress
ed boy opened the-door and.ga;od aod a
us fully five minutes betore he-seemed
to coinpjrehietd the situation, "Egg-s
and coffee,"'he finally aiked, and with
out all answer we rnailed by himh tindI
Swent into the coffee-rooen. 4And right
here, while we are waiting fobt the cof
fee and eggs to come, I might as well
describe t.he hotel. system in. Great
Biitain. It isso very ;different in
every respelct from ours, that unless
there is somic-one with-you who knows
just how they are eanried on, you are
sure to have more rs less trouble, in
addition to paying a great deal nmre
than there is any need of. When you
enter a hotel there is nithing like the
large office, with the important clerk
behind with the keys, and with the
thousand and one replies to as mniny I
questions on his tongue, which is so
characteristic of our. Ameriqup:.hotels.
Your cahman brings in .you' luggage
and dumps it on the floor, and in a lit
tle room is a woman who has the books.
I never saw a hotel where an un sits in
the office. Ever3 thing seems to be
done by the women, except blacking 1
boots, and if you do not put your boots
outsido the door at night, the chances
are that yotou ill find a pair of nicely
biaeked slippers tjerie.io tm o nfiriing,
for which yon will observe an "item" 1
in your bill. Yon enter. your aaie,
an.d the woman shouts the number of
your ioomnq to a chambermaid on the
stairs, who conducts you to:it. If you
wish to be considered an
AtERICAN OR A. I'EGLISn SWELl..
:when you go.to your meals, ask to be
shown the ladiesC c~ffee rooim; but if
you .are just. as w'illing to save the
shillings charged for the style of the
coffee room, you will go the coummer
cialhroomn and be just as well attended.
At your table you will find a daily
paper, and a dignified waiter stands
by your side' for your order. And sucth
dignity! One waild'imagine himself at
a lull dress ball. Swanllow etails, im- 1
maculate shii t bosoms and white ties
are as necessary for a waiter as hands.
He awaits your order with the utmnst
solemnity, and he,: brings you the
dishes with the dignity of an aristocrat.
If you aie an Americian just'bver you
are puzzled to know what to order.
You see no elaborate bills of fIre, but
ten to one yoti are'driven1 tuau choi or
roast beef. These two dishes you are
always sure of, but unless you have
given your order, toget!er: with a sly
wink at the dignitary who wait. upon
you, sometime before you t.jke your
meal, you nust' sitait half .'u hour be
fore it comes, and this of cours8 is very
trying to an American. So far as pa
tience is coucerned, it isa virtue which
the English have to perfection, and
one whidh as Anrprican. myst learn, or
lhe will sufler gr'turly sometimes. Wa
ter is a drifik" albids it lhkbli,~an'Pd
when I asked for a glass of ice-watei,
I was inelb iff Kia stare of sleiss lijij
,prise fi;oi the waliter. ~ipce,, sir, we
you is cooked perfectily, and one must
Gfo very faluisous whocotlanake a
-r~i.r~,reitifthf l the fanim'his ch'0ps, aifd
leave you ask your waite] t9bLring the
paper ito calidle~,; XUn,a Lh- w4I'r
funbling a lihtle oridr:tleqhieelh&lE
,y.our sile, an you a,, i,,, Ii
ingly if the amouunt is riglt. "Yes
butle shillinig foi yonil ls1thr, 'slr,
Alter we had -breakfast at Queens
Stown; wr took. the i' n ennla% up the
river to .prk. Thq ridge, though only
tw elve uisles lomig is bodaSs nful. Cork,
fiis. centrte of time eaasat riihia
d lingy, quiet haslf asleep place ,pi some
eighty tSo~sainnd iudinhabltnt'itut &4- we
stopped c "4 Jilg enup6gh te.lin tie ro
Sing to hire' n Irikh "jaatwin oan," to
l, te us to 'theo Bilarney bribtle;. :The
L road from Col[ti~n y the side of the
River Lea, and thromgh a very. beauti
e al' coinut-riqsfl srlttn aq6*9 leds [In
beauty by a~sy seenery thatt,eaw r wile
the coloring of th*i ills ea; z-1lansy
5- is ta \Vu "hi% '.lI
dOn, tJleaad we passed through some
and hierq plppp[.,pg ence witb:
ii thie Irish beggars. Two or three dozen
Sof the ragged arctrins, whether boys'
or girls, wq o!lp~1 at-,tpll, ran after
our jaunting car two miles, cic;ig
l stopped and ot4;bF#g all into a field,
wh pitolbe4 ap led t e.pspntres, md
whnite e used to scramble for masides,
We left ttrea in tl;q field like a mass r
of huge ints,'td they were 'fghting
tillwv. worr-ct- otasi ht, and glad rto
be r~ifo? tl eiu so cheaply. Blarney
Castle we reached aboliut 12 o'clock, and
were shown the-lrlarney stone at the
door below by the- g-rrulos old wo
better thian. iat., sThe Blarney stetou
is nt the to`h p f tht.'wer, but ft Itsas 9t
mniicl.hisa ,nin ife is woitli to kiss
itias'it retqwires an amount ofg gymnan
tic5 r dU:';not parss .nowever, the
Irish litmaly believe in its powei.-
Thley;'
Likeratismn et its in fluence sich is,
Aft4raction it C ive dsl !teaches,
Ityo oka k.it, they say, fron that blessed
YXo pmy ki:,s wlipn' you please with your
IBL rney.
We Id nall the aftennaou inn or, s
an'i .weore able to call upon an Irish.
fAmily whereI saw the re il Irish hos
p1ttlihy1 ncludtig ri iit o it a b 1 e
Whisky. .At- tea o-clock iwe" took the
titn:.fotrnublin, and here I first saw
thle power ofla sly shilling. My friend
and nmyself wnnteil-a" whole compart
ipent;in a x'ailway .eariaTiige, and by a
w vink at the porter and the offer of a
couple of shiiing we got the whole
compatment., TIe guard locked the
door and shouted "this compartment[
all full." "Dublin .was reached abouta
five o'clock -in the morning, and we
had time to rin out to. Phoenix Park
and isit'the monuments in Sackville
street. At, ten o'clork we crossed the
chaniinel, sixty-finr niiles in thi ce hours
by the celebrated I ish mail steamers,
and on landing at Holyhead took the
train and took the most romantic ride
in the kingdom, through North Wales.
The run of two hundred and ten miles
was made in two hours and ten minutes
Without stopping. We had two or
three hoursnin Chester, a quaint and
very old city, and time to visit the
celebrated cathedral. But I m us s t
hurry on through Liverpool, Manches
ter, and come to the great London.
London, it- seems to me, will not strike
one as being any larger than New
York. Certainly there is no s u c II
splendid street as Broadway. It is not
until you have- passed days in riding
in every direction that you are im
pressed with its vastness.- I rode
every morning for five days on the
tops of the "houses," and it is the
easiest and cheapest way of seeing
London, as well as Paris. My first
ride was through Cheapside, t It e
Stand, Pall Mall, and Fleet street, and
aftejrwards I went in other directions.
Of course yob may visit St. Paul's
Cnthedral, iwhich is a very dingy and I
d:irty: pile, and Wesminister Abbey,
where I stood for a long time over
Charles Dicken's tomb. The guide
told me that every one inquired, as
soon as they entered the Abbey, for i
the grave of Dickens, a tact which
tells-well of -lithe estimation in, which
Dickenus was held. The grave lies be
tweeu: Sheridan's and Samuel Joln
son's. While wandering around 'the
poet's corney I saw the inscription, "0,
fare Ben Johnson." Crystal Palace,
the Kpusingtcu Museum and all other
celebrated phaces, I gave hurried visits.
For-tiwo pounds I bought a ticket'from
London to Paris and back.
"SEE PARIS AND DIE1
has far -more truth in it than one
would -suppose, Even now, in its
rains with the dreadful marks of the
war and the Commune to be seen on
every side, Paris is a beautiful city.
Many of the buildings are being re
paired, and the city is fast beginning,
tlhey told me, its-old life and gaiety.
The theatres and gardens are all open
tind business getting on its old footing.
I took a ride to Versailles, but every
thing w~o, strictly guarded by the
soldiers thatlthere was little pleasure
in going arouid.-' After returning to
IEngland, I took' a rapid trip: through
Scotland, which I have not space to
describe,.::
And now a few words about the
feasitiility ot sich a trii. .six weeks'
Strip mayibe taken to Europe and the
later.I l ave named. visited; and the
Swhole:espense come under three hun
'dred dollHars. -One may stop as long in
Paris as.desired .at an actual expense
f ooe dollar per. .dty, and:live finely.
I slhoht. have. been glad to have writ
Sen more. partiecularl:y of' my imupres
sions.bf tleY. English atd French, and
,uneatuited.fi6 queer.thiugs seen. As
it is, this must be-taken as a more run
r ning sie.c.' of what ian be done in ten
da7e.in Europe,
'Wr-D.o You Cooave-when it is in
your p~wer to reld,iveyofrselft A fe'
,doses ot P.T TU T'. EXrPECtS
0 RANT w7> cure yes atnil allay the ap
'prehensions: of your friends; 'more
o ovr, itis ploysatuto take, it;proili-es
no nusasons, and stengtliens the Lungs
'and titrot to resist attacks in the fu
Sture... .M<itlers need not dread the
Cfbp. when they have a bottle of this
0valqnble compouaid on their Mantel
MAt- ldEr5 -At the Jewish -Syna
n.eguo, in thlis -Town, on Thursday,
ovm brld:187-h, P8AAO Hi: SACK
1M5s tjR als for the kin4 rzeem
bransek'-o eur :oflfe,;:ifdir .which -we
~'tvish the happy _and fair ones a bliss
fol and rielbjoirney tba'eough this life's
'rugged' pathtl,;
7 Dzziý+-On"'1nesday, October 31st,
LAYSsAiý,1,t lAni' a n ci M tiiela
Seat# d± ;aged 62 4 e·rý: 1
Land to Rent,
1 [1{A t ;tbi paatiou known na
e iytt qe e iit ykg n 1iii ý iie
u of Aeiaiudsii, '400. ,eof kbh
h a peu ºý fo l dast two
S ap.'8, ierj I-aLvo tei' lace autfi3c
r t1 e $s. `P4 to
ren n c L e>iýalip on e' uo
FIREMEN'S BALL 1
First Grand Calico Ball
-OF
PACIFIC FIRE C00, No. 1!
i TO BE GIVEN AT.
THlEl TOW N I"EAT LL
-ON
Wednesday, November 22d!
Committee of Arrangements:
Jomnx A.. WILLIAuS, Chairman.
John J. Ferguson, Leon Hershburg.
Invitation Committee:
W. J. RoGEus, Chairman,
Solomon Hess, W'm. Leckie.
Reeption Committee:
I. L. SAcKNxAN, Chairman.
H. L. Monheim, IL Bath.
Floor Managers:
Jo-x- M. BARnETT, Chairman.
B. II. DeSola, 1. II. Suekm.n.
Cam Tickets for sale at Levin Per
gusou's, A. Heyman's, II. St. John's
and Mrs. Sullivan's Millinery Store.
:CATHOLIC FAIR I I
November 8th and 9th!
TIHE LADIES OF THE CATHOLIC
Church in this place, intend hold
ing a Fair on the 8th and 9th of NO
VEMBER, at the TOWN HALL, for
the purpose of raising means to pay
oftFhe debts of the Church.
Our community of all denominations
are invited to attend.
THURSDAY, (DURING THE DAY,)
NO CHARGE WILL BE MADE
FOR ADMISSION!
PATENT METALLIC BU aAL CASES.
L TIIE nndersigned announees to the
.L pnllic that he is now ready to isup
Sply the wants of the connmunitV with the
jnew PATENT SEIIP-SEALING COMI1II
NATION CASE AND CASKET, a very
r grcat ilimprovement over compositions gn!l
erally nsed. I-si arrangewn.lts are per
fect and complete in that line, awl the
pnblic may rely on being supplied at all
r times. Iliw Cates are reduced and the
º cheapest in Rapides
PATRICK KELLY,
March 17, '69-tf. Undertaker.
N. B.
-XTO ATTENTION GIVEN TO OR
11 ders for Cases, Caskets or Wood
Cofins unless accompanied by the
CASH, or good security.
r IHOICE BOURBON WHISKEY
For sale by
1IENRY A. BIOSSAT.
]ioses Rosenthal
B -DEALAR IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES,
HOSIERY,
HARDWARE, CUTLERY, ETC., p
FRONT ST.,
GOODMAN'S BICI BUILDING,
ALEXANDRIA, LA.
e F. G. W. BARIUERE
S13.1 CANAL ST.,
SNEW ORLEANS
Ii 1PORTrERS and dealers in French,
EngllisIhnd Anmerican Fancy and Sta
ple DRY GOODS.
A large and well selected stock always
on Imnd, which will be sold at the LOW
,ST POSS3BLE PRICES.
Orders from the country wall meet with
prompt and careful attention.
SOct. 25-3m.
e HENRY A. BIOSSAT,
Commission and Forwarding Ierehant
-uand
WHOLESALE DEALER IN
L-and
Ervcry descrlption of Wagons and Carts
NLaw BRICKx WU umOUsE,
Sept. 20-6m. ALEXANDRIA, LA.
SF. SHEU,
BOOT AND SHOE MAKIER,
A SECOND STREET,
A LEXANDRIA, NEXT L.,
:t- door to Levin Fer
guson's Jewelry Store.-M
STho best of leather alway~ on hand.
S fTERMS.~ CH:.
e Feb. 1, 1871-6m.
Plantation For Rent.
STRHE plantation of Thomas, Neal's ie.
ee casion below Alexandria, will be
is rented for 1872, by puablic auction, on Sat.
orday. November 11th, at 12 o'elock at the
Court louse door in Alexandria.
Rent payable slet of November 1872.
Revenuoe stamps to be furnlshed by Lee
see. JOEL J, NEAL, Executor.
Oct 18th-3t.
BENRY FOREMAN,
Boot and Shoe Maker,
e LEVIN'k NEIY BUILDING,
FRONT ST;.....ALEXANDRIA, LA.
I'
Pattiunla attedtlon paid to the inak
in•g of ILadies' bshoes.
p ARTIES INTERESTED IN THE
a n Warehouse business will do well
Sto note thif·act thtt theT can have
tlheir :otton and other. freight inswed
wit~iqut chaaoe, and stored si the josr
Es BATES, at. the New Brielk Ware
e honse by IEI'IYA. BlQSST.
ICb
o Just fE-ei/edI
nt LRESH BUCKWHREAT and MACNE
to .1i rekl-salsq ObViee hiskle To 19
'on 1?ork, Cual LllremlineOl, Tobposcogeo.;
iirstere nd Ifbtralt bby
Sov.ji 8-4tw,, R, AI31BO iL baSAT
J, lt'.~a~.e, P o-riwtor. It. II %I n .1. x x If" r= :4
L GO.. Alo.ct S., r ac;-.rl.CoI 0 u1 34 l'-ol,, \r- .Y.
llgIOlS. ear TenTcaienoy to their
Wotederfal (uarative dUreet.
Vielntar HitIers are not a vile Fnary
Drink, Thdu of. Poor Rlm, WVitkeyr, I
ProCf Spirlias anud Itfse t.lqnaru doe
tored, spiced annd wesctened to pleaso the taste,
called Touicit. Appetter.'"" Iteoreoi.' Oc..
that lead the tippler on to druokenneau and ruin,
Sbutlare a trae itoiel-u, aiude ai t.olm the atlvo de
Roots sdl ileebhi of taliforlra. free from all Oma
Alr.*relloi Stlunulants. They a• the
(IGEAT 11,SO11) PI:IiFIEl and A
LIV'E (GIVINC( PRItSCII'I.i., i ptrfct
Ienovator and Inrvigorat: ctthe i stem. carry- al
inlg offall poisonous matter and rstol ing the hlood
to a healthy condition. No person can take the- t as
Blitters accorning to directions and remain lounl
unwell. provie.ld their bones are hot dstreyt dl a
by mineral poison or other .means, aenu the vital
organw wasted beyodl the pmlnt repair.
They irea (Gentll Purntnlive ca well aka
an a Tonic, poessitl, also. tle lpcusllr merit
of acthilt as a powerful aeut in relleving Caonges- on
tlon or Inflanmatlon of thl Lirer, l If all the
ViYrcell Or-:.o. Ma.
VOlt IVtE.,MA IE CO3IPI.AI NTS, whether SPP
la younger oll. nmrrie or sinrlll at the dawn; of
otilanhood or at the turn of life, these Tonic lit- a
ters have no equal.
For ftllltutlatory andl ('hroulac ihlen
ttntinsu and (:aout. J)yslm psal or ln- T
igestionll, ilious, IRemniscent andi
Inlurlllcllent Feversl f)israari of Iothe
IBlood, I.iver, iidneysi nd utlludder, Ie
these lilttern h.tr treet most succesfu.L Such t
lDihtnecs aro enu.ed by Vli:n.tt Itloed, Bi
whlhll is -encrally pro!ucrd by derun\,ement of I
the Dirgsesiero Orants,
)DYSIPEPSIA OIl IN DIGESTION,
ltatilhe, 1'il in the lihonldet a, Coughsll, Tight- ý
lne of the (Jest. ,Dir.ziness. Sour ifrncoatllolns of
the tomnarl, I Tanto Ilt thLo 1onlth, Biliols ee
Att-eka. I'.mltlttnonl of tile Ileart. Intllnmlntionn of
the ILuntlg I'adn lt Itcrtetiouaof the Iduleys, and Pll
a huntltdred otl,,r lainult symptoms ore the off
prboJge of lsy.lleih 01
They Inv igurlto the otnttch tall t-limnlatethe
torpld .lver and towels, whiicrl reller thel, of
une u,..llil leary in clenin,,i thle blo.wl o all isn
pllUrtie,, alli, intll:uti ig new life tu1l v0iger to the
whole sta rn It Pr
YOlL -Ii I l)ISEASES, Enlltiin..Tetter.
Balt bheunul. IBotches. Ets, l 'ialleM Pustillee,
B.-il, Unrhunilles, Iing-Wurmsl, n n: ld ules. So-e
vo.Er.erysloheas. Itch. Sendrf. lalrotn Li.lno of, tl
Skill. Illturo a stld Ili). t1,t f the tkl.l. of wImlt-"
evpr n11te or noture:. are it rredly dog illip in0t ar
ri I ot ilf tieo Rrtel iltsrll n.ort ilmr ly tl ine 1h-n I
tlee Ititlers. 6)1.ce leNah ill vil c,o erae ill i11t|
eiller the ilot illcreduiols of their he irtiheeffcrt.
illonllto tle Viti:ltoldlt e witeleevr,-o fild itsOt
Impuritlea itratilng trolltih tile skin ill Ptlellc,.
Ertlptliols orlForml cleallso it wlel you fiidu it r
obtrlctre utsl cti ilmisllni tilte eils: cleaunc it C
wllhen It it foul.numl yltr frellngR wllt tellt wun lien.
Keep the bllood pure, and tlhe h:elith of thle 5' .lrlm.
PIN, TAPE, and otlher WORMS, urking
in the asvterm of no tnsny thousatIs. are uretsetuully a
deat.,yetd alnl relioso. Is
SOiLD BY ALL DaRUGGISTS AND DE4TtERS.
J. WALKKlII, 'rmprietr. 1. I.. tcD(fiNAl.rt.
CO., urll tlats altd ]leti. Algelnt, an t'raScl., B.
*tj.. Md- S and 3 Commnrrce eot. New fork.
R.
Alexandria, La,
w B
Wall Paper and Bordering.
IRE SCREENS AND TE6TER PA-.
peresa large assortment. new patterns,
just received and for sale. Tack Nails
of the proper sie for eanvasing, alware
kept in stock by II. ST. JOHN.
COWaDITIO PaOrDEriSg:
lent when off his feed, etc.
PREPARED BT P i
TI- lr y- St. Jo.ssn,M
PHAR31ACIEN,
ALEXANDRIA, LA
EOIR£E PAGE 00.,
No. 5 N 8chroeder St., Baltimore, Md. n
Manufacturers of A
PORTABLE AND STATIONARY(
Steam Engines and Boilers, N
PATENT IMPROVED, PORTABLE J
CIROC UL,, SAW 'MIfLLS,
Gang, Mulay and Bash Saw Mills
RIST MILLS, TIMBER WHEELS,
Bbingle Machines, &e. Dealers in
CClrular 15aws, Belting and Mill supplde
generally, and unlnfacturer' agents for
Leffel's Celebrated Turblne Water Wheel
and eveerydescr lstion of Wood Working a
Macbinery. GBfICUUTUBA.4 L GI8GG I
tjii" Send for Descriptiv'e Catrlogues and
e. Pries Lists.
,e Dec. al, 1870-1
NOTIC,.
rHE UNDERSIGNED WOULD
sad tie sugar plaBters generally of the
HParishes ,of. ~aples and Avoyelles,
that" they are now prepared to set or
tWptPrkl tler and boilers i the most
approved style and besr t wormanlike
manner. Haeing had 7 years experi
ence in this line of business, they feel
t ed that they will resdr at~
tion, add will guarantee thatthetr work
will, be better, and by their Ia le of
settlbg boilen, economize more fuel
than thatofany other Maeon in either
E Parshll. Bet ofireferences given, if rs
11 quire. .GIIES SMITH SON.
arcth 15i, 1871o .f I,
ie ar st.. rm VED f
PA, oA Tpe
IAE0X NALE, SUIrRBIE FO L AI MET
M L Aply at tterade of A
ýTOMACHBn
A j MYKUi PREVENTIVMS, s
sLr Afco IO!UU*Unto. Nflieoomad .A e:..
ojdere 0fa scema im abertoesco0 ea 0~1 areo rsatoe
onenmacdo .0 nMAt2-DYSPEWT/C, and ncomes ef ISD1.
ýt IONtar oe moareoo. As me AFsTZTIR t mId..L
CC*MYC. am in caes of O SEDAL OftiiLif? they
tan saes lma ro·9lmgecf 1,lProdetleg the mint
S~omgnthologthehmd?. fowl~tmetlh themiod. aendhelrl
tsar and aoatlztity title wiel. cyst..m. The HtO ft
TTRi n s ompooodcd wtl toepmkamft ccae, aed me tos
1o atimotoet has ever ba1wl been mfccd to tbe peb..e..
PLEABOUT TO TU TASTEmad ottO. come time roasts.
logoedSSaffmeit entsutsorsrd1dby the tdt atrotsr &l.
t~ tie math. OctawO aethe lhnscamgi. thears but lit.
tota eaethe ftir Lei sod mfe mor ·qc
Sad odmoememis byT phyoheoc of the e47 highem sass
1 Lmiroedla Sod. Clomp and ts loading dm0...
Ea.· s Jn cooo. thlddoctLctb matodtmbelIie t.
Lml.imy. mthecliae mclei were mtati." ito oetrbe
timoI th o totetita say mrre'th. imeaim 0
Epp Oitiestt lie.t. Jew VS, .iai
I Pe.. ommPr2ybmtoe. as have o. ad bae a .eqUi
Ea cm art iTaml.o eoedoek be eothiu he ter tham tir
5mm Nsittaco.S. PitdCarM ~a. U.tt Carl Nwa.
J·pa A. sCa.-Ise niothe tremoo S
lmatoeemo "Msma ftisomchtimw ·eee othCMtc. this
hspital thol hbr moaest. l eetdwthein themoot cmi.
shle iomic madostimeloot nowI usest 9. H. MIIEBLCM.
SOadder.o theoIneolee bU. S. Kearts.b obi
JaeO A. Jaocasi Co.--Ocotrome: As ycu hale eia.
moolcomidto the medical pretSmdom the recipe of the -Breed
3iitcrc it octes, thserfore be tincllicaod ma pteIrs met
ttis.c.pesmeo shbeelig e tokteafrtl Wohsceoembosd
the foemle fhe mohiog the.-gemsominsi." and sra
L krr oy t een eead lr ebete. all th
vhlsm oted in iteo.ap00mm"Itie ate It.et t.5taos..is
CarmiofticO. ae oig htly Lsaxilec. md of
t ula tahat r peoctico. wecaka plcocom s
rect..-odioet them to allowso pa ce 0w sets" buirs;
"t.PAK 0. If). 5.ekadimtrotr e tPJi
i eObs obstt lea ntd eod D st of Was m Ca ucus H
Lda.. Prt.LNo.*O t"pma..
ý, t~ aAK EX A CLAO EU. H. U.
aria Cf fit. em x i Ut. No Ncdicei Macp1.
Ptetmal Yea n A lamb Callao gaidof Ibyol.
Ats. Mtosmc M. D.. Dr. C. V. P. lWr.
0.Qoocm.~ 3.0. 5. Ceoo 3com. 3.0.r
C. l D .OsM..CAWAaa..LD. W. A. o:.ND.
S. C. FRANKIN. D.
T. J. VASTL 3 .LID. CTUSTOCK. Y
Y. VAifi!.N I)..~L~ Nom~psht tecilmiu
Prof. Of Midwifery and iftoorntsmofm CulqlI Uarns
.prthm Phyoheiam mad SJoemmT. T* EMPLE, K. D..
Prel UetarloNadia mnd TbwwWpmlco Uman eitor Mmdi
olat COlate of ]o JH cort. Elnr·. L D.
on OYs bu f 530. Slass. a Cria Wies
Moa HADWIOS3. M. P. Fret.
Cl~eatMaill. Col. yoM sod Engs.
333353335 Aamtdml lom~i
MO IONSC. Aa.3*healChe56It
Themel hea thefto~m' ile ha hsem eubsmtttd is e.
mad w behlieve them to ht Use b oleese ad odmol er
sen"oesioawo/meoti the pub31k.H.~ 1¶eo,,Nie3. M P.
f.. A. KWorn. hmuiptkol do. >sJca.,1.
3.8. is. H,. D.. Prot S bsMialy. a"
'3. Xu'o. D.. J. L. IT. M. D.
anew.8S. assume. 3.L. T-.S. itarma. M. 0..
R. Lmc.&u.H.D. Tan.m T. ?l. D.,
0. A. Omestac. M. D.. J. A. Hi.. A0.D
NEmIamt'PbysSla33 I ClaclauatS,.
Nail, an at fs whtnm rohmmo 1sm a the rbce oft.1a
J.LoVeerthoa DTiohemw0,time" 3md e h M. e
C. T. Vteeoco D "3mwa. 3.3..
C. B. Moe r. 31.Y. 0 V. EtiatsO. H. D..
V. T. To--atemmi M.9.. J. J1. Qoor. 3. D..
J. H. 3mcmu.3sM. D». V.3. 0.0era. K.D.,
O. A. Domoama D., 3.8. wave.. Comiet*.
0. Woemma. if. D.. 0. L Tama. L.3.,
V. NVCOZTUV M., D P. P. MaY. ft. D..
UmrnLac Ptomicaam 5,. Xoaaimt
the Hem ltr mo hesirmetoee
ieasrhb fm tnmob maces.porn
J. M.h Monson. D.. Pasturesm~. M. P..
H. V. Ppmstine,3 D.. H. A. Roemoco0 M. D..
HM.sD JoeL.ea D tans 30 Do.dh
L P. D. awa. Mfaat. Ei.
Vi,. L fomlme. modtb L w-- -M t No at
0. kem. P.3. ANNmwh. om..
is an 31 p r Soemf 31., Se. ad.Nh o o,
J.aa. A. P CLA.KE, P, uzxcxz..
"MISSl LATIdEl CLARKEA5bIAn tt
T hSEIc~·~Lor~nrnA WLL OPE f h·a or (L
Scolar ontrr
odaythae Ib h day opl tn ~b 7eptem
for e tt w the whl bee Tloar iDi n
.lghte auS ea f H. u...... X9 D.
Tuition Pn CLARKE, dp....
Miss MATBIDE CLARKE AISISTAE
uic-SiaMno or WILtLr o P foro
Moclrernlangagoa-(c~aeh.).9000m
H~llailog ho lotng experience in teach
B~vzwcsa-I Y. Rev o~. J.P BWl
inerD D 1sho of a.~. ke. ti
Buror A.L M.1Y.~ Parn~d it
Alexadria Dr.S. laughte nud B
JOHNI· I M. SAMEI. 0 W. SON
8.~anae -n
ii. AKIE NUISEEKE IN TEE #1?!.·L~~·n
gSr~onlubs Rlolse, D Le4lg plsnta In bbo us
rS RootFoe d Hedg Seed~. et.
iclimate.~ YI BrB Ymar
WDHI 8Eud foRYeerpttIL OEtntdat
dilr Sept.~ 04w.l 8etmbr
kehrt~ nooonsc, oi~ocmul~ s,
Torko *n Pia dp,
mar c-P· -rQi~ rMo
Hold. band ogueinr i ecb
i ,t, Clkt e~n. l