4
§b* |ribmw.
Terms of Subscription,
rXTABLE XK ADVAKCR:
Oftlly EiSWon.pcryear.by matt.... 412.00
Trl«Weekly KUiuou, ptr y«mr, by kail 6.00
Sunday Edition, pcrycar,-by hail 2.50
Weekly Edition, peryeaw by kai1..................yu*)
Parte of a year at the sameTate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, bo sureaud give Post
Office address la fall. Including State county.
Postmasters are allowed 10 cent commission ou
rearly pubscrlptions.
KfeUilttaocos may be made c-ULcr by firuTt, express,
Poet Office order, or in registered letters, at our risk.
TE&ffi to cmr eucscunjEKS:
Dally, delivered. Sunday excepted, 25 cents per week.
Dally delivered. Sunday included, SO cents per week.
Address THE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
-No. 15 Canal-st-. Chicago, HI.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1871.
ILUNOIB ELECTION.
Official returns from over half the State
give General Beveridge a majority of about
T.OOO votes. This does not include Cook
County, which will give him some 4,000 more.
We judge that his majority In the whole
State will not ho less'than 12,000. A very
light vote was polled everywhere, the usual
nterest in politics having been overwhelmed,
not only in this city, hut everywhere else, bv
the Chicago lire.
THE LEGISLATURE.
The General Assembly will resume its
sessions at Springfield ou Wednesday.
Though there is much legislation required,
the session ought not to be a long one. Ex
cept those measures made necessary by the
Chicago tire, nearly all other questions have
been thoroughly discussed at the previous
sessions. Among the measures called for by
tbe new constitution, and upon which legis
lation is imperatively demanded, may be
mentioned:
A Revised Revenue law,
A law of Eminent Domain.
A law regulating foes and salaries.
A law providing for the collection of all
taxes by one officer, at one time, in each
county.
A law classifying and providing for the
government of cities.
A law making provision in cases where
the records of land and other property are
destroyed by lire.
A revision of the laws relating to insurance
companies doing business in Illinois.
An apportionment of the State into Sena
torial Districts, and an amendment of the
Election law so as to provide for minority
representation.
Most of these questions were discussed last
winter, and members have had the benefit of
consultation with their constituents, and
have had plenty of time to consider each sub
ject. Wbateverrcvenuc law may be adopted
ought to be prepared with the understanding
that the State will be out of debt in a few
years, and will have a large annuanneome,
leaving hut a comparatively small sum to be
raised by taxation. Unless it be the purpose
to raise a large sum annually by taxation
for the mere purpose of spending it, the
State tax ought in a very short time to be so
light as to require no very ponderous tax
machinery. It is worthy of consideration
whether provision might not be made for
raising whatever revenue may then be
needed by a tax in the form of licenses,
thus dispensing with every State tax
on property. The law regulating 'fees
and salaries has been delayed as long,
in deference to office-holders, as a docent- re
gard for the mandates of the constitution
will permit." All difficulties in regard to this
matter will vanish if members of the Gene
ral Assembly will recognize the faetthat those
offices were not created for the office-holder,
but for the public convenience, and that it
is no part of cur political system to make
every office largely profitable to the incum
bent. No person is compelled to hold office
against his will. The fees of all County
Treasurers cease on the retirement of the
present incumbents. The newly-elected offi
cers will have no compensation at all nnless
the Legislature shall provide lor the same at
the coming session. It is important that the
Legislature shall, without delay,provide by
law for executing the provisions of the con
stitution for the collection of all municipal
taxes at one. time, by one officer, for each
county. In this city the city taxes fall due
In December, though the hulk of them is not
collected until May. The fiscal year of
the corporation ends on the Ist of
April. The Legislature might, iu
regard to cities of the class of Chicago,
make the taxes fall due on the close of the
fiscal year, and provide for their collection
from that time out with the county taxes, by
the County Treasurer., Such an act is of im
perious necessity to this city and county. It
will work no inconvenience to the city, and
will enable the wise provision of the now
constitution to be carried into elVect imme
diately.
The existing laws governing insurance
companies require a rigid revision. All the
provisions designed to exclude responsible
foreign insurance companies au\l to protect
domestic frauds, ought to be repealed. There
ought to be some additional guarantees as to
the ability of all companies to meet their
liabilities.
If the General Assembly will address itself
to these matters diligently, it will be able to
enact most" of ~th© laws before New Tears
1 »ay. The questlou-of restoring evidence of
title to lands in Ibis' county is onV requiring
considerable care. No 'title has been de
stroyed or impaired by the fire. All direct
evidence of title, except possession, has been
destroyed, and what *is required now is to
make available such secondary evidence os
may bo.considcrcdadmissiblc, without danger
to the tights of. non-residents, minors, and
persons under/lisahility.
TUB FIRE ORDINANCE.
The .special committee of the Common
Council, appointed to revise the fire -limits,
had another session yesterday,* at which very
encouraging progress was made. Tho com
mittee resolved to prohibit jibe erection or re
pair of wooden buildings within tho corpor
ate limits, and to extend the fire limits proper
to tho following boundary;
Commencing©!! Twenty-second street, at its in
tersection with tho lake; thenco west to Centre
avenue: thence north to Vanßuren street; thence
west to Western avenue thence north to Fulton
street; thence cast to Ann street; thence north
to Chicago avenue; thence east to Wells street;
thence north to North avenue; thence cast to the
lake..
Within these limits, certain ml ah and reg
ulations concerning tho construction of
buildings are to he enforced; and all planing
mills, oil refineries, varnish manufactories,
and other hazardous employments arc to be
prohibited. Lumber yards arc not allowed
within the space bounded by Chicago avenue
on the north and Twelfth street on the south,
except atone point on tho lake shore, near
the month of tho river. Outside of these
limits, they are to be confined to SCO feet on'
either side of the river. Inside of these
limits, stocks, when sold out, cannot he re
placed.
The committee hold another meeting nt 11
o'clock tins morning at tho rooms of tho Board
of Public Works, No. 204 West Eandolph
street, at which the Board of Police and Fire
Commissioners are invited to be present.
It is important that this ordinance should
not be’delayed IE! the meeting of tho new
Council, since all sorts of fire-traps are now
in course of erection; and every owner of a
vacant lot who is mean enough to put his
neighbor's property nt risk, and has capital
enough to pay for a post and a clapboard, is
making all haste to begin before tho ordi
nance takes effect.
Boston had an impbrtant conior-stonc cer
mony recently, at which an ode was sung;
and of that ode the following is given as a
specimen stanza;
•4 Tbe bird of Liberty sprang forth upon old Bun-
at Mexico with hues unfading
lt=nc(ais were reflected on each river and each
i-m.
As- reave went marching on
Glory, glory, hallelujah, «fcc., A.C.
We thought the worst had been done for the
poor old John Brown melody when Mrs.
Howe loaded it down with her poetical, hut
ponderous and polysyllabic, composition; but
this ode-grinder has imitated all the weak
poiutsof that composition, without any of its
strong ones. Moreover, he has set this proud
bird of liberty to blossoming* in a way
which must be extremely awkward to that
celebrated fowl. If Boston,the acknowledged
emporium of literature, and the greatest
primary pM-t.y mttrkm h\ Am-riea, eatmo!
Vll iiv;;U ihis,
t-x.ir.
must come to the front. This evidence of
prostration in the lyric business of Boston
presents, we may be allowed to suggest, Chi
cago's Opportunity to distinguish herself as
a literary emporium, and snatch the sceptre
from the haughty Tvi-mouutaiu City.
ARTESIAN WEILB WANTED.
The action most urgently demanded of the
city government, in the way of precautions
ag:iinst the next great lire, is strong prohibi
tory legislation (and strict enforcement
thereof) against the erection or maintenance
of wooden buildings. Next to this, per
haps, is the need of supplying the city with
local reservoirs of water, to he used as a
substitute for, dr addition to, tbe regular sup
ply from tbe main pmupiug-worke. Such
reservoirs even the folly of a wooden roof
cannot destroy or disable; andthej’should
ho numerous enough so that no considerable
district need die at any time without tiro
sources of water supply—the hydrants con
nected with the street mains and the local
reservoirs mentioned.
These reservoirs need not ho very expen
sive. By building them each upon the rear
of a 25-feet lot. situate on an alley, the
ground would bo very inexpensive; and a
reservoir, twenty feet in diameter inside
and twenty feet in height, would hold
about CO,OOO gallons. This would
be large enough for all purposes,, especially
ns the reservoirs would be supplied from
artesian wells, whose constant flow would
very much retard the depletion of a reservoir
in case it should come into use at a fire. Nor
is safety the only good end to be subserved
by these artesian wells. Their constant flow
wouldkcep the sewers well washed, and en
hance the public health. They are, moreover,
found valuable for manufacturing and other
business purposes; fortbe cleansing of water
closets, and stables, and the hundreds of
other uses (except boiling for steam), to
which water is put in,central neighborhoods
of a large city,. These manifold uses have
hitherto subjected the pumping capacity of
the city water works to a severe strain, and
the consumers of water in large quantities to
a heavy tax; in view of which many build
ers will hereafter be inclined to sink wells
instead of paying the city by the gallon for
their water. In this way the city can be re
lieved of the burden of sinking its wells in
some cases, or can recover the
expense by furnishing water to
some private buildings near by
from the wells instead of from the pumping
works, Another benefit worthy of being
taken into consideration, growing out of
this proposed arrangement, would be the
reserve supply accessible to citizens in case
of a failure of the mains at any time—some
thing which has happened once or twice in
the West Division, and is liable to happen
again.
The expe n sc* of si ukin g wells Is not far from
SO,OOO each; that of erecting the reservoirs
would be about the same; but both
would he trilling when compared with the
cost of some of the showy facades or buck
ling r roofs in which the city has been in the
habit of investing, or when compared with
the magnitude of the object to be accom-
plished, to-wit, the safety of tho whole city.
Economy in municipal government is one
of the first desiderata; indeed, economy iu
government, like “good name in man or wo
man, is the immediate jewel of the soul;”
but it is not economy to give way to pressure,
and good-naturedly allow one man to put his
neighbors* lives and property in jeopardy for
tho sake of saving a few paltry dollars in
the erection of his own buildings, It
is not economy to withhold the
expenditure of a hundred thousand, or two
hundred thousand, dollai-s for local reservoirs
and wells, when such expenditure will save
half a million dollars every year in the pre
miums paid for insurance. And yet this
figure is not an extravagant estimate. Five
or six thousand dollars ought to build a
reservoir and a well. Ten thousand would,
with the most extravagant figuring. Twenty
wells, therefore, with their reservoirs,
would not coat more than two hun
dred thousand dollars at the highest prices
which bricks and labor can possibly
roach. There are, wo will say, $100,000,000
'"■aii of norsonal property and building
improvements to be Insured constantly in
Chicago; audit is not unreasonable to judge
that in the rate of this insurance, and in the
interest of money borrowed on the real
estate and improvements, onc-halfof one per
cent will be saved annually by the fact of
•■in* having such a security against a general
conflagration as this system would afford.
One-half per cent on $100,000,000 is $500,0*0;
so that the proposed system pays for itself,
with $300,000 to spare, each year of its exist
ence. ___
CLOUD* UPON LAND TITLES.
To the Ftiitor of The Chicago Tribune:
&ii:: Among the various vexed questions re
lating to titles, is Iho'matter of land contracts.
'A party, the owner of lots valued at fifty thou
>;uid dollars, enters Into contract to sell. He ex
ecute.-(he contract, and accepts the sum of two
thousand dollars as first payment, the second
partv agreeing to pay forty-eight thousand dol
lars iu subsequent payments.
The records being destroyed, aud.'in conse
quence of the fire, ttnanccsiuore or less deranged,
what Is the result t The contract, being of record,
Sis destroyed; the second payment not being
made, docs the property revert to the party of the
first part I Ax Old Sunscuiutu.
Answer.— lf the contract stipulates that
the party of the first part shall show satis
factory title to the land proposed to bo con
veyed,—which may be the legal implication
of all such contracts.—then the non-payment
of the money will not work a forfeiture un
til the records are restored. The destruction
of the records, however, does not destroy the
validity of the contract.
WHAT BItVGHAItI’9 SON BAVS,
Brigham Youngs eon, Brigham, furnishes
the New York Jrifcinic with some information
concerning the intentions of the Mormon
chieftain. It is announced, definitively,” as
the French politicians say, that Brigham will
ncs resist any legal process; that ho will not
abandon Salt Lake City; that Mr. Iloopcrhas
not proposed to the government at Washing
ton any compromise of the difficulties now
existing; and, finally, that the reliance of
the “Saints,” in this emergency, is neither
upon Providence nor dry powder, but
upon George C. Bates and the Su
premo Court of the United States, for
deliverance from the persecution
which is now troubling them. The junior
Brigham considers the appointment of Mr.
Bates—“a man of acknowledged ability”—to
succeed the present acting attorneys (who
arc, in the opinion of the son of the Prophet,
mere scallawags), an indication of a changojof
policy on the part of President Grant. Brig
ham, junior, when pressed by the reporter
who interviewed him,'does,however, consent
to consider the possibility of a compromise
wherein the Mormons would abandon the
doctrine of polygamy. He says that, “If wo
were admitted as a State, and our liberties as
'Citizens were guaranteed to us, looking to the
future, Idm not prepared to eay tehai corce»~
ttion* might he made.''
This is, on the whole, rather lofty talk for
a criminal of young Brigham's proportions.
It sounds a little too much as if a
prisoner at the bar, after he had been
convicted, had remarked to the Judge
that, if the State was desirous to
make a compromise with him, on terms
favorable to the broadest liberty on his (the
prisoner's) part,-he might bo induced to make
some collection*, and steal no more horses at
present, provided the State would let him
enjoy the possession of thoso already stolen.
It has been suggested that, “looking to the
future,” as tho junior Brigham suggests, the
Mormons would arrange, shortly after their
admission into tho Union, for another revo
lution, restoring the pious duty of concu
binage, and such other abnormal features of
the present government as should prove too
obnoxious to civilization and republicanism
to be inserted in tho original State charter.
In view of this, it will be very necessary for
Congress to “look to tho future” as well as
to Brigham and bis elders.
The Imperial Fire Insurance Company, of
London, is the only company doing business
here, we Wlieve, which makes no deduction
for immediate payment of losses. There are
a number of companies, both English and
Eastern, which are paying iu full, minus the
legal discount of sixty dsiys. The Imperial
has set a splendid example for the rest to fol
low.
It is given out that the Postmaster General,
in his next report, will revive the postal
telegraph project in a new form. The plan
of purchasing telegraph lines, ami operating
til* in as part of the postal system, is ahan
lilln.i!, it now to proposed that the
Xvx* \Li nvvpi iuu*
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE;
delivery of the messages at postal rates. The
government will then advertise for. offers
from telegraph companies to perform this
sendee, and let the contract to the lowest
bidder, provided it does not exceed the
revenue. This, it is assumed, will secure
cheap telegraphy, without any interference
with private or corporate enterprise.
CARPET-BAG FINANCES.
There is considerable excitement over the
condition of the finances of tiff State of
South Carolina. One party assert! that
there is an over-issue of at least $13,000,000 of
State bonds, making the State debt $22,000,-
000, when even its extraavgant administra
tion only authorized a debt of $0,000,000. On
the other side, these assertions are denied
officially; hut the,denial is not accompanied
by any intelligent statement of the actual
condition of allairs. It is impossible to ob
tain any information from the discussions
now going on in the South Carolina papers.
Everything is marked by intense partisan
feeling. Statements and accusa
tions arc made by the contending
factions in the most reckless manner, and
without the least evidence to sustain them.
In Georgia the long and flagitious rule of
Governor Bullock has been brought to a
close by his flight and his resignation. In
what condition he left the State has not yet
been disclosed; but bis administration has
been, marked by sneb a continued traffic in
State bonds that tbe State, which emerged
from the war without any debt, has now an
amount of outstanding debt which will not
bo paid during this century*
Speaking from the record.made by the gov
ernments of South Carolina and Georgia, we
confess that Republicanism has not been a
success in these States. The necessity which
compelled the recognition, after the war, of
the horde of adventurers who found their
way into the Southern States, has been griev
ous indeed. Except, perhaps, in the case of
Governor Walker, of Virginia, there has been
hardly a 44 carpct-bag v Governor elected in
any of these States who has not proven to
he, in one form or another, a disgrace and a
enrso to the State and to the country. They
have been of incalculable injury to the ne
groes. They have taught the latter howto
he dishonest, corrupt, and utterly unprinci
pled in political matters, making them, to
the extent of their ability, a practical injury
to the States.
There lias been no justification whatever,
since 186(>, for any political disfranchisement
in the Southern States. If the people of Illi
nois had been cursed by such governments as
have existed in North Carolina, South Caro
lina, Georgia, Louisiana, and Texas, and per
haps other States, there would have been a
popular revolt before this time. Bullock’s
flight and Holden's impeachment ought to bo
supplemented by the resignation of all the
other scalJawag* holding State or National of
fices.
Tho duty of Congress to tho suffering
people of all those States is to repeal all laws
in any way restraining the people in tho
choice of their own officers and governments.
Until this is done, there will be no peace. If
Republican ascendency in those States can
only he maintained by the forcible protec
tion of fraud and robbery, then it would be
better for the Republican party to lose its
control in these localities. The reign of tho
carpet-baggers ought to be brought to a close
as speedily us possible.
J. B. Mann, Acting Fifth Auditor of tho
Treasury, has taken the pains to prepare a
table comparing the expenses of collecting
tho internal revenue for the years ending
Juno SO, 1870 and 1871. The figures are de
signed to show that the expense has been
largely reduced, and are as follows:
1870. 1871.
Gross compensation.. $2,208,803.50 >2,010,568.55
Tare 42,88-2.40 7,008.40
Kct compensation $2,165,081.04 $2,011,000.1
Stationery unit blank
hooks
Postage
Express and JJcp.tnon-
ey
Advertising of.
Total expenses of col
lecting
Expenses of adminis
tering offices
ANn i»iu<.ntii.
Collections
$2,321,501.72 $2, 132,462.61
1,137,553.76 932,564.19
IKO.QaT.iWi.GO 140,945,463.31
163.476,453.59 130.S(U,HMI
Tlie report calls attention to the tact that
in each of these items there is a large reduc
tion but it is, nevertheless, also the fact that
the percentage of cost of collecting the reve
nue in IS7I is at least one-fourth of 1 per cent
greater than the cost of collection iu IS7O.
This only shows that the reduction in the
cost has not equalled the reduction iu the
revenue.
rjjnsoxAi.
Miss Eye and 145 orphan girls arrived at Halifax
on the 6th hist.
—The house of Elder Spencer, at Northfield, X.
H., was entered, Saturday night, hut the Elder
met the intruder, knocked him down with a chair,
and when he rallied gave him throe more. The
\ould-bo burglar did not like the reception, and
retired, probably -with a broken arm.
—Gough has been obliged to cancel several lee-*
tnre engagements on account of a severe cold,
which he fears will result in pneumonia or con
gestion.
—The King or Dahomey attended a grand fen.'
lie other day, wearing a quantity of druggists*
labels ..s decorations.
General Guy Manney Fessenden, a promi
nent citizen of Warren, R. T., died suddenly on
Friday, aged CT years, lie published a valuable
history of Warren some years ago, and has also
written several articles on the Northmen.
—Rosscl, the young army ©nicer and ox-Com
uionlst, who haft been condemned to death, In his
day has fought two duels. In both cases ho
killed his umu, and as ho would never tight ex
cept with the pistol, the coUchcmanJ or small
sword duelling fraternity of Prance avoided
giving him offence.
—M. Lambrecht, the late French ITorae Minis
ter, was an engineer, about S3 years of ago, tall,
pale, thin, and rather grave. Among his political
opponents ho had only friends. Excessive smok
ing, it Is said, caused his death. For two years
he had been expectorating blood, and yet ho was
never to be seen without a cigar in his mouth.
Several times ho wished to resign, but M. Thiers
restrained him. “I shall die In harness, then,’
said M. Lambrecht. Yes,** replied M. Thiers,
prophetically, “if you smoko as you do.” M.
Lambrecht left a wife and nine children.
—Tho only explanation given of the singular sui
cide in Maine of Anna Wood, of Hartford, ami
Ada Brown, of Buckflcld, girls 1C and U years of
a£c. Is that Anna was of a desponding, moody
temperament, perhaps tinged with hereditary in
sanity that she thought she was without friends,
and had ooncludcdftlie could not find employment;
that Ada. over whom she had a wonderful Influ
ence, was similarly depressed by unsuccessful
attempts to obtain employment; that at last
Anna succeeded in bringing Ada to ber mind, and
both plunged into tho stream, locked in each
other’s arms.
—“lndian Joe/’ a Piute medicine man. well
known among the.whitcs, was stoned to death by
hls trlbc, having failed to restore to health two
"sick Indians.
POLITICAL.
The Lafayette (Ind.) Journal of the 9lh says:
“Chicago has done herself immense credit in
over-riding all political intrigue, and, with noble
unanimity, putting the affairs of the city Into the
hands of her best men. It was the spontaneous
expression of a chastened people, Intent, as they
ought always to be, only on the public good.”
—At the election in Duuleith, 111., on Tuesday,
the city gave 65 majority for the bridge to l
against the tax; and CO majority for township or
ganization to X against it
—Governor Padelford, of Rhode Island,,has is
sued a proclamation announcing tie result of the
special election held to ascertain the will of the
people on certain proposed amendments to the
State Constitution, as follows: Infavorof extend
ing the suffrage to every male citizen, 3,236: op
posed, 6,«». In favor of abolishing the registry
tax, 3,787 opposed, 6,100. In favor of refusing
State aid to sectarian schools or institutions,
5,177: opposed, 4,574.
—The Davenport (Iowa) Gazette says that J. M.
Wcart, of Independence, will be a candidate for
re-election as Secretary of the lowa Senate.
—The Rook Island Arffus thus walls:* “The
contest is over, and the Democrats of Rock Island
have the pleasant satisfaction of chewing their
cuds over one of the completes! thrashings they
have received for twenty years or more. IVe
have l*ceu routed, horse, foot, and dragoons—and
even worse than that. We leave our dead or
wounded on the Held, because none were on the
Held. We have been defeated in the most dU-
graceful manner, while wo at the same time pos
sessed the power to have won a thorough vic
tory.”
—The Xow York Evening Post of Kor. 8 says
“The advocates of ‘female suffrage’ have a bitter
pill to swallow this morning. They have been
claiming for years t hat the way to purify our
elections Is to admit women to the polls. For the
ilrst time In the history of this city the cxi'eri
ment was tried yesterday; and the irhotc roie cast
hy vow™ irosyirtH unanimously for William M.
Tirmi, the Captain of the city banditti. It ought
to be a«hl.-d that thlf unanimous vot«- wa.-- east by
£•5, ;X. IX. iiiUv**; pe\ t ‘.h-’
only one of several women who tendered their
ballots ut the polls who was not repulsed by the
inspectors.”
TA london Police Court magistrate has desldod
that crossings are peculiarly tho property of
foot passengers.
—Alluding to the immigration of thirty Celes
tials to study at Yule, an exchange says: “The
Chinese Freshman dying his leisure kite upon t’to
colli ge grounds, instead of carrying off midnight
gates and nailing up obnoxious tutors; tho
Chinese Sophomore feeding upon frugal rat, in
stead of lavishing his money upon bad cham
pagne; the Chinese Junior making his own cloth
ing. Instead of making the fortunes of designing
tailors; and the Chinese Senior preferring to
translate Confucius Into English rather than to
flirt with the traditional belle of New Haven, will
utterly confound the tradition* of Yale, and pro
voke undergraduate hostility to Chinese cheap
study/*
—A congress is to be held In London n’cxt year
to discuss the improvement* of prison discipline
and the general treatment of crime. Representa
tives from all parts of Europe will he present,
—Upwards of 100,000 hadJecs, or pilgrim*, hare
visited Mecca this year. Owing to proper sani
tary precautions having been taken at tho port
of debarkation, there has been no epidemic
among them.
—Fishing for crocodiles on the Nile is a sport
which would have done Izak Waltou’s heart
good.. A big boat is equipped with a wlndliss
and u strong line, to which is added a fine goose,
with a strong hook under each pinion. The whole
is turned adrift, and before long a crocodile comes
up, seizes the goose, and tows tho boat rapidly
down stream. After he has wearied himself by
dragging the boat for a while, the line is pulled
In, the monster’s head appears on tho surface,
and a bullet is adroitly lodged in his eye.
—The Arab insurgents taken, prisoners in tbe
late Algerian revolt are transported to Corsica,
and upwards of one hundred chieftains and mar
abouts have already landed in tho Island. They
are -permitted to take their wives and children
with them.
—A man engaged in investigating the chargee of
carelessness against the workmen in the Scranton
mines, found afterward that, during tho investi
gation. he had been given an open keg of powder
to sit on, while he held a lighted candle in his
hand.
—The boarding house keepers at Lowell, Mass.,
find that the operatives eat a larger dinner than
formerly, owing to the extra time allowed, and
ore talking of raising the board in consequence.
—The national census shows that, for one person
who dice in Tennessee or Florida of consumption,
thirteen die iu Massachusetts, and two in Minne
sota.
—The sale at auction of the Jarvcs collection of
Italian paintings, drew a number of persons to the
Art Galien* in Kcw Haven, who wore intending
to purchase single pictures, ns it had been an
nounced that they would be sold separately.
They were disappointed, however, for the Treas
urer of Yale College, which institution hold a
mortgage of 820,000 on the collection, hid $22,03)
for them as a whole, ami they will adorn the gal
lery as heretofore. Mr. Jarvcs valued the collec
tion at SOO,OOO, but good authorities say that it
would have sold for more thausloo,ooo in Paris or
London, and it would have been profitable for the
owner if he hud taken them there to dispose of
them.
—Half a dozen students of Cornell University,
taving been flood by the civil authorities for lift
ng gates, the Faculty suspended them for a year,
md ordered them to leave town within live days
-au edict which created great excitement among
the rest of the six hundred students, who held a
mass meeting, denounced the Faculty, and en
listed public sympathy to such an extent that the
college authorities are deliberating on the expe
diency of executing the mandate.
A Pittsburgh husband having apparently
died of amall-pox, his affectionate wife pur
chased a magnificent casket, lu which he w;u
temporarily interred. Unused to such gorgeous
surroundings, the man woke up, scolded his wife
for spending m> much money foolishly, and now
wants somebody to step in and take the coliin off
his hands.
—M. Jules Richard, in a remarkable article in
the Gaufois on the state of public opinion, as
serts that the majority of Frenchmen don't scorn
to care what becomes of Franco. “If the ex-
Empcror," he says, were to make another coup
d'etat to-night, and dissolve the Chamber and
issue one of hU seductive proclamations to-mor
row, what would be the answer 1 Eh, dame!
After all, we might as well have him nsauybody
else. At least ho will give us order, I dare say he
is not so bad ns ho is painted.’ Such is the ro
ply M. Richard believes tweuty-uiue out of every
thirty Frenchmen would make.
—The contract between Switzerland and a cc»*
I partnership of German bankers for the construe-
411,018.09 28,931.13
49,962.38 37,810.38
8,699.2."
13,958.20
6,851.42
9.251.18
tion of the Mount St. Gotthard tunnel has boon
completed. The worn 1»* twice tbe length of the
Mont C’fsnis tunnel, and difficulty i> anticipated at
Aiulcnaott in passing under the beds of rivers.
The company is to raise ♦20,400,000, and the gov
emments interested will grant a subsidy of $17.-
000,000. The peaks which are to be tunnelled vary
in height from 8.7H0 to lo.aco feet. From the sum
mit of the Pass of St. Gotthard four rivers, the
Rhine, Rhone, Rouss, and Tessin, have their
sources: and the “Devil's Bridge” on the north
slope of the road witnessed several severe eii
gagements between the French and Russians in
1700. The carriage road, still kept iu cxcelb
repair, is iu constant use by travellers.
—A Pittsfield, Mass., clerk lately married ami
moved to North Adams, where he bought a house
and lot. Iu a few days the tax-collector called cm
him and presented so large a tax-bill that tin:
young man says he told him to take ills deed oi
the properly in part x'aymcut, and ho would let
him have the rest as soon as possible.
—An English woman, resident iu Algiers, has
married a Bedouin Arab, stating that she did so
in the interest of science.”
Bogan Insurance.
To the Editor of The Ch .ccujo Tribune i
Sin: You say iu your issue this morning.
The days of bogus insurance business in Ch tango
/inrc, in all likclihowl dcjnirtai forcrcr.” This
may not bo so unless the Legislature shall inter
fere with some stringent laws to prevent the repe
tition of what can he termed nothing else but
stupendous swindles upon the community. It is
notorious that the legion of worthless Insurance
companies that have flooded the country, and
especially this city, have been, the eleemosynary
establishments to provide for broken-down mer
chants, briefless lawyers, and needy younger sons
as clerks and agents, and moneyless stockholders
who want dividends without paving in capital.
Witness the startling'fact that those companies
on a surplus and capital of $300,000 to $500,000. and
that not half paid in, have swept
Into their pockets hundreds of thou
sands of dollars for premiums on
live to eighteen millions of risks each, which
were always as worthless ns the promises and
checks of any other contldcnco operator upon a
deluded stranger at a railroad depot. Out of
gicsc confidence premiums the stockholders have
Said themselves 15 to 25 per cent per annum, and
y blowing and bulling mu up their stock to
I fabulous prices, to further confidence” the In
i noccnt and unwary. These dividends honestly
and iu equity belong to the policy-holders uud
creditors of the companies, as some of the stock
holders may yet learn at the tail of a decree of u
competent court.
But what is the remedy for all this fleecing of
an unwary people! When originally the banka
did this thing, the Legislature limited their circu
lation to their capital, or such an amount over a a
was judged wise. When this was found Inefficient
to protect the people from hank swindling, a
safetv fund system was devised. This falling to
remedy the evil, wo have reached at last a sound
basis of requiring a deposit of bonds with the
j government to cover the entire amount of such
circulation."
Now let the Legislature of Illinois apply this
Sriuciplc to every insurance company, foreign or
oiuctUic. wishing to do business iu this State.
Let the risks taken by the companies he limited
by, or fairly proportioned to. the bonds or securi
ties they shall tuo with the Secretary of State,
being sufficient security to all people that, when
they purchase au insurance, risk, it shall not be
I a worthless thing. Let periodical reports bo re
quired to be made to a Commissioner of Insur-
I ance, with power of examination, to be appointed
I by the Governor and Semite, at a salary to bo
I contributed by the insurance companies ratably.
I If this is done on the same substantial principle
I that covers all our bonking corporations, with
I such variation in details as may bo necessary for
I the difference in the character of the business, u
I deluded public will no longer bo the victims of
I bogus insurance business in Chicago."
J Iu doing this no discrimination should lie made
between companies foreign to Chicago or other*
f wise. S. A. G.
I Chicago. Nov. 11.
The Poor in the Barracks—Salt Ucnt and
Poor management.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir: rcrmlt mo through the columns of Tin*
Tribune to call the attention of somebody, whoso
business it is to attend to these matters, to the
condition of affairs In the Harrison street bar
racks. There arc nearly or quite a'ooo men.
women, and children provided with shelter at this
place, and furnished with rations; but for nearly
live weeks they have been fed entirely upon salt
meat—i»ork and beef. Not a pound of fresh beef,
nor u pint of soup has bccu provided during the
whole time. To sick women and children the
same rations arc dealt out; to a woman dying of
consumption and a child delirious with fever the
invariable i>ound of pork and peck of potatoes axe
served. It certainly does not require the deliber
ations of a Board of Health to predict the in
evitable result if this Is continued. Scurvy and
other diseases will make this camp of
the poor a peat house, and the home
of contagion, if the treatment is not speedily
changed. lam aware of the immense amount of
labor imposed on the Aid Society in this matter,
but there are some things which can be done
Just as well as others. Ifjthcse people were fur
nished twice or three times a week with good nu
tritious beef soup the x>rincipal danger would bo
averted.
There is another matter which scorns to bo radi
cally wrong. The moment a man obtains work
his rations arc cut oil*, and It is of no eousequou<‘o
whether he draws a dollar of pay in one week or
two; 11 he has work his food Is stopped. No labor
ing man can draw daily his pay for his Übor.
Employers do not pay iu that way. It is not an
uncommon thing to children crying and beg
ging for bread, merely because their fathers have
found work. These people should bo fed until
they an* able to feed themselves. The exercise of
a very small proportion of common sense in tins
matter now will remedy a wrong, which without
it will soon ripen Into crime.
CJi.o. A, Sunxi.nr. .18.
dueu\«*. Nov. i?.
MISCELLANEOUS.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1871.
THE LOST RECORDS.
Draft of an Act for the Restoration of
the County Records.
Ad Attempt to Render Proof oi Titles Cost
less to Individual Lot-Owners,
At one of the early meetings of the Judges of
Cook County there was submitted,* by Edward
Robey, Esq,, a draft for an act for a bill to meet
tho emergency which has resulted from tho loss
of the county records. There has not since been
n general meeting of the bench, so that, up to tho
present time, the draft has not been considered
by them. The object of tho bill is to procure
speedy action for the quieting of title*.
A main feature of the bill is the attempt to ren
der the proof of titles an operation without cost
to the individual lot owner, by assessing the cost
upon the county to bo raided by taxation upon
the whole of the interested lota. The proposed
bill, omitting the preamble. Is as follows;
section* J. In all cases where tiie records of any
conntv have been or shall be burned, or otherwise tl.*-
stroved, tho Circuit Court of Jurisdiction In such
county shall proceed to ascertain and determine Uni
title to each and every tract of land, and tojudgo and
ascertain, and, bv decree, to settle the ownvr iLlp and
the extent of the title of each owner in or to aai.l
lauds.
sec. 2. The Attorney General shall, upon the direc
tion of the Governor, prepareand tile a bill In chan
cery in the name of the people of the State of Illinois,
as nlaiutifls, and against all persons and bodies corpo
rate in any manner interested In the lands in such
countv as defendants without, however, naming any
person or corporation. In such bill he shall set forth
generally- the nature and the date of the destruction of
tho record evidences of title, and pray that the
court may entertain the said bill and perpetuate the
evidence of title, remove clouds, and settle m.d deter
mine the titles to all the real estate in such connir lu
accordance with the terms of this act. Upon the tiling
of such hill tho said court shall consider the same and
shall determine whether the exigency contemplated by
this act exists, and It it shall determine that such-exl
gency exists, said court shall certify and transmit to
the Governor a copv of. said bid* together with
it* determination thereon and a rule designating
its term at which it will commence to examine and.
determine such titles under the authority of this act
And, thereupon, the Governor shall Issue a proclama
tion setting forth the commencement of such proceed
ings usd the term designate 1 for the commencement
of tho examination, and require all persons, corpora
tions. and bodies politic, in any manner intarostea In
the said lands, to appear and present their claims and
evidences of title to the said court, that such court
may bear the same and adjudge thereon, and tho Gov
ernor shall forthwith nominate, and, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, appoint three or
more discreet persons, resident in such county, two
(at h ast) of whom shall lx* practical and discreet
searchers of title, or examiners of the former recorua
of such connty (If two such can bo found to servo). It
shall bo the autv of such officers to obtain, toko charge
of, arrange, and lav before the court all evidences of
title which may be In any manner accessible to thorn,
and all claims of title and matters of evidence which
mav bo presented by persons intorestsd. Said officers
shiul be called Examiners of Lund Titles. They shall
have power to appoint deputies and to perform tho
duties required bv this act by the aid of such subordi
nates or clerks as shall seem necessary for the promo
tion of justice, and obtaining and presenting tho evi
denco in the most orderly and, at the same time, the
most expeditious manner consistent with tho demands
of justice.
hKC. a. One or more of the Judges of said court, and
such other courts of chancery jurisdiction lu said
countv, shall be designated by the Judges thereof to
hear and to determine tho matters arising under this
act. And ns many as cun bo employed shall be so
designated, from time to time; am! such designation
nmv. from tinietotime.be altered or increased. The
Judges of said court, or a majority of them, may desig
nate tome person to present and take charge of the
l Interests of all Infants and other persons under legal
1 di-abilities who shall not be represented lu the manner
now provided bv law.
HUM. The court mav take up the several towns or
subdivisions in towns lu the county, from time to time,
in such order ns it may designate; and, in such town
or subdivision, it shall proceed «s nearly ns practica
ble la numerical order; and may consider the title to
the several government subdivisions or any lesser
devlsions which shall depend upon the same chain,
ami then the branches of the chain, until the present
titles to individual lots an* reached, when they shall
be s>‘veni!ly detennimd. Tin* several Judges deaig
nat< d mav.'tf the evidence cun be properlv present* d,
take up different towns or subdivisions in towns at
the same time, each proceeding in the manuer desig
nated in this section. If any difficult question shall
arise a* t«» anv parcel or subdivision. or If the evidence
touching the title thereto shall lx* inefficient to enable
the com t to tender judgment immediately, such parcel
ot subdivl-hm shall not delay the general order, but
may be refenedto another Judge of the same nr an
aiijoiulug circuit, or of other courts of chancery juris,
diction in such county, or may he postponed; but
judgment thereon by any other court .-nail he certhled
to the Circuit Court having original jurisdiction, aud
be enu red in Us place in sum court.
H:c. '1 lie court may In all Ihaeo proceedings hear
or consider all matters of evidence by which it may be
asslsu*d in foimlug its Judgment. Hooks of abstracts
or abstract indices ami memorandum* of judgments,
executions rales, and other matters found therein,
mav Im* received and considered, and to facilitate the
presentation of the evidence, notes or memoranda, or
copies of said tranks, indices, and memorandums to bo
nuido under the directum of the said Examiners maybe
considered as evidence taken by the court. Abstracts
heretofore made may also be consulcnsl. The qualitl
catiousof alwdrarters aud the general cn-donco given
to any sit of abstracts, books, or indices,orubstracters,
may be considered bv the court once for all; any ex
planations in relerei.ee to any particular parcel* of
luiid made by the proprietors of the books or any other
qualillid ihtsohs, may be heard and considered by the
court, Entries or memorandums In tax, or other pub
He offices, showing or tending to show title or claim of
title interest or possession in private persons or corpo
rations, mav likewise be considered; and tho rules of
evidence are lietebv far relaxed as to allow to the
said J udges lull and complete discretion to hear and to
receive Tor what it Is worth any and «U matters, how
ever remote or distant, which they shall believe to bo
wortbv of consideration in tho premises or-to afford
any light whatever to tho exercise of their Judgments.
He. 6. The said courts mav, from tlmo to time, by
rule limit tho time-for,the tiling of claim of title ami
e\ liter coin support thereof before the llrst bearing, ns
to lands situated in tho several towns or subdivisions
in tow ns, and all claims and evidences ns to the title
to lands within such town, si all be filed jwiUiin fho
time* tlmltcil. Tho court tuny also tako such moans to
insure publi* itv to such nilcs as it shall doom expe
dient: but suefi publication shall not bo necessary to
the jurisdiction of tho court. If no such rule shall be
entered, claims of title and proofs ia support thereof 1
mav be tiled at anv time before tho court shall have
commenced the call of tlie lands la the town wherein
such title* ate located. The court mav in its discretion
receive such claims aud evidences at any time before
tho Interlocutory decree touching the title tothe par
ticular parcel of 'land shall be. entered.
Sec. 1. All claim* or liens for taxes, assessments, or
forfeiture**, claimed bj the State, or any county, town.,
citv. or olhtt municipal corporation, shall be present
ed'to said court, with proper and competent proof*
thereof, before the entering of tho interlocutory de
cree all other claims shall be entitled lu said court,
and with tho title to said suit. and shall state tho
claimant’s interest in the pattieular piece of laud
claimed as near a* may be, shall describe the laud dis
tinctly, shall schedule the evidences filed iu support of
the claim, shall state the claimant** full name, and ho
expressed in terse, concise, and common language, and
be signed bv the patty, or hi* attorney, stating in full
the Post Office address of such psirtv or attomev. No
claim shall include more than one parcel of laud, except
where the chain of title to several lots or parcel* is
identical. Deeds, tax receipts, and other documentary
evidences may be tiled with such claims. Affidavits of
possession and depositions taken before any Notary
Public. Master In Chancery, or clerk or deputy clerk of
the said conrtjtnay also be tiled In support of such
claim of title. Tho court shall have power, from time
to lime, to preset ibe the forms which shall be used for
such claims, affidavit*, and deporit ions aud In Its dls
crction toprovldoprinted form*.and refuse to consider
anything nut presented in conformity with its rule*.
No oral Arguments shall bo lu .r.ti prior to entering tho
interlocutory deem*, unless specially ordered by tho
Jndgc, but if any party shall desire to he heard he mar,
within the time limited for filing of claims tile ten (ibi
printed copios of his argument or brief in support of
Ida title, which argument shall bo in pamphlet form,
with pages of the size of the pages of tbeJHlnois Re-
Eovts. shall be properly entitled, showing at the
name of the elnininnt. and shall be signed
by the claimant or hi* attornej*. All papers and docu
ments of anv nature. Hied bv any claimant, shall be
marked with his name aud Post Office address, or that
of his attorney.
Sr.c 8 provides for the procuring of evidence (see.
ominry) of title or lien, to be presented before the Ex.
ntnluers, and the payment therefor, allowing the Ex
aminers to avail themselves, in the presentation ot ev
idence to the courts, of the Indices of abstract men.
Sec. 9. The said Examiners shall lay before the
court tho evidences In relation to the title to property
In tho sovcral towns, and shall render to the conn
such assistance and counsel for the arrangement and
thorough understanding thereof as they may be able;
and the court shall have power to require other evl
dcnces to be taken. If other evidence appears to bo at
tainable. and to bo required for Vie attainment of Jus.
tlce, and the court shall proceed to adjudicate upon the
titles, and, as to tho several parcels of land, shall en
ter interlocutory decrees setting forth. In as con
else aud explicit form as possible, tho titles. Interest*,
and ownerships in tho particular parcels, detiaing the
nature aud extent of each claim, interest, and owner
ship as fur as possible.
Pec. ip. Thesaid court shall cafise the interlocutory
decrees heretofore mention to be rccoxdod immediate
ly, and the names of the claimants and of all persons
found to be owners of any tract of land, or of any legal
or equitable estate therein, shall bo entered In proper
indices, under the direction of the court, os soon os
.practicable. At any lime within one year from the day
of the term at which such Interlocutory decree Is ren
dered, any person or contention claiming anv title,
estate, interest, or lien In or upon tho lands em
braced In tho interlocutory decree, adverse to
the titles adjudged in such interlocutory decree,
excepting such as have liens by virtue of Judgments or
decrees of tho Supreme Court ot this State or of the
Federal courts, and which appear of record in said
comts, shall tile their claims of title to the said lands
in tho said Circuit Courty, setting forth clearly their
title and the doenmentarv evidence thereof, ana there
upon the said claimant shall give notice under tho di
rection of the court to all parties whoso interests ap.
pear by said interlocutory decree, or by claims of title
subsequently filed, to be adverse. And the court may
require the said parties to produce their documentary
evidence and take their testimony before a Clerk of tho
Court, or bv some person or persons by the court com
missioned thereto; and the court may from time to
time adopt such rules for tho order of hearing of such
case* and adjudication thereon ns shall seem to it ex
pedient. In all cases where this State, county, town,
citv. or other municipal organization shall have claimed
a title for taxes assessments or levies, prior to the en
tering of tho Interlocutory decree, and the court upon
consideration thereof with tho evidences therewith
presented shall In such interlocutory decree have
found for such claim, the court shall, after such Intcr
locutorv decree sliall have been entered, tlx a time for
the hearing of the parties, and require reasonable and
sufficient notice to bo given to ail parties Interested
adversely to such Men, and shall then and there pro
ceed to a hearing thereof, mid shall give to the State,
county, town, cities and other municipal corporation*
an opjrartnnltv severally to present the evidences of
*uch claims or Mens, and to the owners or persons In
terested In said property, shall be given full opportu
nity to produce evidence lor their ddcpcc, and (here
niK.n tuc court shall pronounce judgment for or
against such liens, according to the evidence, but no
Judgment establishing a lien against any man's land
shall be rendered unless it shall appear to the court
bv competent evidence that such lieu or charge has
accrued mid become lixed mndust the said land* by
due course and process ot law. and tho evidence upon
which Judgment 1* rendered establishing such a Ben
niton the freehold, diall be carefully preserved in the
tiles of the court.
srx. it. At the cud »n one year from the last day of
the term at which interlocutory Judgment or Judg
ments shall have Wen entered, or as soon thereafter
:i* practicable, the court shall consider the
*oid Judgments and cuter a general
judgment, continuing* the Intorlocntorv
decries pi nil cases whore adverse claims have
not beta tiled, except as to the lions forstatoaud
other municipal purposes, and barring and foreclosing
each and every estate, right, title. Interest, lieu and
claim lu, to, upon, or against the lambs In said interlo
cutory derives dt**crib«d, which are in any
maimer contrary or adverse to tho tities
established by such decree, and such
titles so established shall bo thereby settles! and
cleared from all adverse claims and frera all clouds
thereon. Tin* Men* or charge* of tho State or any
county or other municipal organization shall be con
firmed or ammlhd by -such final decree according to
the Judgment then*on upon the hearing, and such de
em* when enfensl shall, ns to each tract of land Inclnd
tsl thcMu, be tho tiual decree in said cause, in all
cast** where claims arc tiled after the interlocutory de
cree the court shall as ««rau as practicable after one
vear from the last day of the term at which such inter
locutory decree was rendered, enter tlnal decree as to
such lands in the same manner and with like effect as
lu other cases, sm-ii decree however to determine the
controversies as tothe title arising upon the claims
and evidences presented after the interlocutory decree.
Si:c. I— No cods or fee* slmU bo allowed orcluirgvd
a gainst the lauds lu any case nor shall anv Judge. Clerk,
Examiner or other officer of the court be permitted to
ebargo or receive any fees or perquisites whatever for
performing am* of the duties required by this act. ex
cept in cases where a special Commissioncxia appointed
to lake particular testimony at a distance from the
court, in which cast* such Commissioner may charge to
the party for whose tK-nelit the evidence I* taken a
reasonable compensation .at a rate to be fixed
by the court by general rule- or
special order. The compensation ot all
officers and deputies and all expenses ot the proceed
hie* under till* act, except as otherwise provided by
I luw. shall Im* determined by the court aud shall be
1 paid by the county of which the record* shall have
1 *,»eu so destroyed.
HX. *J he'judge* and ;;\UX Exqminu- shall V>p
careful watch and of the nmldng up of tho
record,*, ui d paid Judges shall se«? to It that said rec
ords ait* written in a clear ami legible manner ami
kepi in Htrit i order, in accordance with the provisions
cf tls!" statute. and the mle-of the court: and in case
any Chirk shall lull to perfom tho duties of trite act
and tu muter strict obedience to ttjo rules and orders
of tho comt lu the proceedings authorized by this act
mid to k«ep competent and suitable deputies lor the
full pcrfonmiuceol all the duties Imposed bv virtue of
ills act. such Clerk shall be deemed guilty of contempt
of c.-'urt, and may bo suspended or dismissed from
efiico bv tin* comt, ami the said Judges may require
one el Ibo wild Examiners oc may appoint a special
clerk to act in the stead of such Clerk during such sua
pension i.r vacancy, or until the oflice can be tuied m
duci ourteof tbelaw.
SKc. 14. Avd whereas the matters set forth In tho
preamble constitute a ease of emergency, therefore
this act shall take effect Immediately.
HEROIC CONDUCT,
A Racine (Wls.) Strain Fire Engine at the Chi
cago Conflagration—How It Saved Elevator
11 and Hundred** of Human Lives*
The Haiito (WD.) Journal of areccut date, con
tains the following account of tho excellent ser
vice rendered by a Racine st .'am lire engine at the
Great Chicago Conflagration;
Tho new steam fire engine built for tho city by Clapp
Jmie*. has at last arrived, amt her appearance as sue
passed through the streets was mica as to excite tbe
attention of all.* She was grim aud i;»U-stalncd, thick
with dirt, black with smoko, her ornamental brass
work was dim and tarnished. She was lu no holiday
attire. Somehow, as she passed along, it reminded one
of tho return of veterans from the war—with their
toju and tattered battle-flags floating proudly in the
brecztv-grander to gaze tf>on than before rebel hato
marred than. She had passed through a fearful con
test,and had come out victorious where so many others
had been defeated.
r-umhiy *Jt**nioon Mr. Walker, the agent, arrived
withtbo Racine and a small* r engine for Pentwater,
Mich., at Chicago. Hnndav night—tlmt awful Samlav
bight for Chicago—the great lire bro*e out. At 1-
o'cleek Mr. Walker saw that the efforts of the llrcmeu
to check the flames were unavailing, and he determin
ed to aid, br all means in his power, to assist iu sub
duh>glhut<nible monster that was so rapidly laving
In nuns tlie mod beautiful portion otthe citv. ue re
p»-rled to the Thief Engineer that he had two steamers
toady for work, and requested to bo as
signed some place and „tbe proper assist
ance; but in the horrible contusion of
the hour ho was unable to get anything like orders or
assistance. Still, not n-Umjnlshing his intention of as
sistance, be went to the Michigan Central Depot, and
again rt-petted his offer; but tuey also were so busy
fating cure cl their books and papers that they paid no
attention to his request. As lie was going away ho
saw a locomotive standing by the depot; assuming an
authority he did not po.-sess. he ordered the engineer
to pull nut and take him to the snot where bis engines
were—and actually had to pull the throttle and start
the engine.
On Ins return the cars on both aides of the track
wercwbnmiug. so that his pathway was literally a
sheet of flame. Through this dreadful gauntlet they
rushed, and Anally arrived at the south cad of the Till*
nnls Central Elevator. It was so hot that the men
who had assisted, in unloading the engines deserted
them, and fora few* moments it seemed as though all
the efforts they had made to nave anything would at
last prove useless, and that ho would lo*e both en
trims. At this critical moment some sailors came to
his assistance, and with their help the engines wore
drawn to the south end of the slip, and then began the
battle, the ilercest, the most prolonged ever sustained
by any steamers.
At this time every building save Elevator B within
a mile was on fire, flic cars in the yard were in flames,
the coal piles burning; yet bravely did the steamers
flpht against the fearful odds, and thus far had kept
the flames from the'elevator. But the meu deserted
their posts, and Walker, who had remained with h!«
engines, now was compelled to fight the advancing
flames that were threatening to destroy the elevator.
Such was the confusion that no one seemed to
know or rare what became of the propertv;
they mirth light of saving their own lives.
Just then the General Superintendent came up. fol
lowed by the President of the road. Through their
efforts a few men were rallied to work, the Superin
tendent ami President each taking a pipe, ami for six
lionv they stood Here directing the stream. The
situation was one of fearful peril. The conlsheds about
the elevator wen; on tire, ns likewise the Iwller room.
But bravely thev stood at their posts, and bravely the
steamer kept at woik, until at last the danger was
pa-sedand the elevator B.with all Its wealth—s3,ooo,ooo
at least—was saved from total destruction.
Beyond Elevator 11 Avert* thousands of crunching hu
man beings. who had rushed to the pier for safelv,
and who were hemmed in by the. Avail of ilame.
caiK* iu any direction would have been an impossibili
ty and. had the Racine not saved that building, such
a list of horror would have been added to the terrible
calamity as would have made the whole world siek at
heart, even at the bare recital of it. The Imagination
can coijure up no such scone aA would
have hdlowcd had that tin* swept ou
among the struggling mass of humanity oh that
eier. as hr. to save themselves from the horrible death
y burning, avouM haw hail to take the other dreadtul
and only alternative, death bv droAvuiug. Death in
the most hideous form stand those wretciud watchers
in the face. Hat brave!}’ the steamer fought on, amt
its proudest record Is, that it saved the lives of thou
sands. The thought of property in such a time be
cnees almost 100 insignificant to Vveu bear mention.
They Avlll not knoAv tin- brave men avlio fought so
bravely to save them, but the eoU’-ciouMiet-*. of having
K-rfomu'd such an act. will be lo them forever as a
easing direct Irom heaven.
THAT INVESTIGATION.
Why the Hoard of Police Commbi*ioncrs Do
Not Proceed to Invcstlgate thc Origin of the
Great Conflugratiou mid the Conduct of the
Fire and Police Departments on That Occa
sion—Humor that Commissioner Brown Will
Design*
While the world anxiously await* the remarka
ble development** expected to result from the In
vestigation by the Fire Commissioners with re
gard to tlio origin of the lire, it may seem a little
remarkable that no Investigation has yet been
commenced. The only reason to be assigned for
this neglect appears to bo the possi
bility that such an investigation may
perturb the present organization of that much
vaunted department. In view of recent circum
stances, such a perturbation might not bo alto
gether undesirable. The investigation lias hung
ure so long that two of the Police Commissioners
were interviewed yesterday on the subject.
Commissioner Chadwick was first interrogated.
In answer to an inquiry as to what had been
learned, Mr. Chadwick smiled ami replied,
“Nothing.” It appears that Avhen he pressed tho
uercßpltv of im Investigation. It avoa «ugg(wtU(l
that he. as the Fire Commissioner, ought to
prose eutCj the inquiry himself: that tho board, as
a bodv, Wvre averse tc any such inquiry as ho
souglit to institute, and that Mr. Guild was
especially opposed to going into the matter.
The reasons given by Mr. timid
for his opposition uro cSSCUtffdly those above
stated—tlqu fcUv'U lUI investigation might produce
a trUUrjrrevolution in the Fire Doparlmeut. He
gees out of office next month, und his place is to
taken by Mr. Kehm. Meanwhile, he is not anx
ious to take upon himself the odium that might
result fn m a thorough official investigation. He
is quite willing to allow Mr. CUadAvlck to make
any investigation ho chooses.
Mr. Commissioner Sheridan was next inter
viewed. He was waiting about the station in
some anxiety. There appeared to bo no chance
of a board meeting, and Mr. Sheridan
felt that he had put himself to a
great deal of inconvenience, ami neglected a great
deal of the business connected with the depart
ment for nothing. He insisted that a meeting
ought to be held at once, und every effort made lo
sift the cause of the fire most thoroughly, to re
move nil who ought to.be removed, and promote
those who ought to bo promoted. Ho thought,
bad his advice been followed—advice given a year
ago, when four men wore hurt iu a packing-house
life—the great destruction would have been avert
ed. lie had no grudge against any one, but ho
thought au inefficient officer ought to be removed
for u move valuable man. Ho wished most ar
dcntlv for an examination of allpartiesconceracd.
Mr. Titsworlh had informed aim that ho had
plenty of testimony of tho most damning charac
ter be believed that tho accusations and counter
accusations, and criminations andrccrimioatiais
would reveal tho most astonishing things. But no
examination had been attempted.
It was rumored yesterday that Commissioner
T. B. Brown intended to resign his office. The
rumor circulated freely in the] Police Headquar
ters, but what truth the rumor contains avc can
not state.
GARIUTY, THE “INVALID.”
The Notorious Villain Resumes Ills Profession
—Desperate Attempt at Highway Robbery—
The u Sick Ulan Captured by the Police
and Indicted by the Grand Jury*
The notorious villain, Hugh Garrity, to
number whose crimes would require a search
through the criminal records for the past ten
years, once more appears in a luvonto rote, that
of a highway robber. Some months ago Tub
TninuxK contained an account of tho release of
Hugh Garrity from tho Penitentiary, where he
had been sentenced for a term of ton years, bis
escape being due to the certificate of a physician,
who bore professional testimony that the felon
was laboring under an incurable chronic disease,
which was certain to result in death, and
that very soon. The doctor, whoever he
was, may have been sincere in his
diagnosis of Garrity’s case, but justice was
cheated all the 'same, and the burly cutthroat,
whose early demise had been predicted, continued
to grow bettor from mouth to month, until, at
last, ho had so far recovered his health as to be
able to participate in one of his old-time exploits.
It happened last Friday night, about 22 o’clock,
when Sir. B. J. Bnoimnan, clerk in a grocery
store on the corner of State and Taylor street*,
was about to enter those premises. Garrity and
an accomplice, named Charles Weed, alio* Jimmy
Parviu, lay in wail for him, and at once began the
assault, Garrity displaying a degree of strength
and lerocity most remarkable In a “sick man.”
BucLamm resisting to tho utmost. Garrity drew
his revolver and proceeded to apply tho butt of it
to his head. The noise of the straggle, and Bu
chanan’s cries for help, attracted tho polico to the
3.0t, and the rntDans were captured. Both Gar
tv and his accomplice were yesterday taken be
fore the grand Jury for indictment, and in de
fault or |o,oco bail each were committed to
jail. It is to be hoped that when Garrity comes to
trial his past crimes, ns well as tho manner of his
recent release from prison, will be taken into ac
count, and that hereafter no doctor’s certificate
will be allowed to save him from the punishment
he jins so richly earned.
REAL ESTATE.
Ll»t of Instruments Filed for "Record on .Moq«
day* Nov. 13.
CITY PROPERTY.
Lot 17 In Hull’s 91-2 acres in e 1-2 3 w 1-4 See i, w
14; dated Nov. 9. Consideration, *7OO.
La Bar st, n of Division st, s w f, 03x113 It;
dated Nov. 10. Consideration, $1,200.
Cottage Grove ar, nof Thirty-niutli st, cf, HOx
300 ft; dated Oct. 19. Consideration,
Larrabee st, opposite Oat st, e f, ft; dated
Nov. 11. Consideration, $2,100. e,
Lot 35 in Block 4, in Pointz’ vl-2n e 2-4 of See.
°8,39,14, being n e cor of Twenty-sixth and Bud
dan sts: dated Oct. 3,
South Park av, sc cor of Thirty-first st, wf, l-0x
1641-° ft dated Oct. 2. Consideration, $19,000.
•>G lots hi Hcaeock’s w 1-2 Block 1, of Laughton’s
w 1-2 nw H. sec- 30.-39,14, being on s w comer of
Bice-place and Twenty-second-st.; dated Nov. 9.
Consideration, $13,000.
SOUTH OF CITY LIMITS.
Lot 16 in Fish and Young’s lot 8. east of Wallace
street, of w 1-4, see. 4, 38, 14; dated Nov. 19.
Consideration, $373.
SUJfMARY.
Real estate mortgages and trust deeds, 7; quit
claim deeds and releases, 1G; ground leases. 1;
other Instruments conveying property In Conk
County, 19; chattel mortgages, 3; together with
9S documents which were* re-recorded by reason
of the tire.
'Widcaiag Streets*
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sin: Since the lire your paper has contained,
almost dally, some communication iu regard to
securing Chicago against u repetition of tho groat
disaster. With your permission, allow mo to call
the attention of our citizens-to-thefollowing
plan:
It is Impossible to make any building, and Its
content*, strictly lirc.prcof, and therelore. on*
I jely rs«U>? to talk about a tire-proof eiiy.
v.’bai Cluvoco. um\ every largo city. iKCd*. is
provision against the spreading of «fire, after
onco obtaining headway. The proper and easiest
way to do this is to have, say every four or live
blocks, one street at least 200 feet wide, and in
this avenue a number of cisterns or artesian
wells, os reserves in case of accidents to
the Water Works. The streets in the burnt
district, which could now be widened at a small
expense, compared withtho benefit and ornament
the city would derive therefrom, are Lake, Wash
ington or Madison, Van Buren, and Harrison,
running cast and West, and State street and Fifth
avenue (or Wells street),miming north and south.
This widening might be accomplished by the city
purchasing one or two lots in each block and
simply moving back the corners. In this manner
there would be no condemnation of property, mid
the remaining lot* would still have their former
size, but there would be one or two lots less in a
block. Even 25 feet, or one lot added to each side
—making 60 feet in all—to the streets named,
would give material aid in keeping, a tiro
trom crossing them, besides what an ornament
would such streets bo to Chicago. In fact ©very
sticet imho burnt district might bo widened to
the extent above named—2s feet ou each side—at
such little cost noic, that it is certainly worthy of
the consideration of our authorities. Wo. cannot
adopt toe Holly plan of water works unless ac
•a tremendous cost, and to guard against scarcity
of water at any future lire ought to-construct
a svstem of large cisterns, all connected together
and kept full by one or more artesiiu wells. Our
streets arc not wide enough for the commerce
centring in them, and it would be a blunter to
let this opportunity to widen them pass. Imme
diate action is of course necessary. Yours truly,
F. A. WICUKLMAN.
REPORTS FROM THE COURTS.
CIRCUIT COURT,
JUDGMENT.
Judgment was confessed by Edward Prescott
in favor of Eli S. Prescott for debt and damages,
'520,951.16.
new purr.
An action of trespass was commenced by Alonzo
C. Gleason against C. J. Letz, in which the dama
ges arc laid at $5,000.
NOTICE
One or more of the Judges having in charge tho
common law business, will hereafter sit, day by
day, for the purpose of hearing motions for the
reinstatement of cause* upon the common law
docket. Judge Farwell will sit each day at 2
o’clock, to hear motions in chancery, lu tho High
School building.
CRIMINAL COURT.
TWO CONVICTIONS.
Tho grand jury yesterday returned into court
two indictments, in cases where, owing to the
necessity of the absence of witnesses, it seemed
proper to use expedition in the trial of the causes.
Henry H«rrl*ou was charged with the larceny
of nineteen dollars, the propertyof Rotiert Mart,
the allegation bring that be took It from a vessel
from which ho had within a few moments been
paid off. He pleaded guilty, under tho as?e of
eighteen, being seventeen years of ago next
Christmas, and in extenuation averred that ho
was drunk when he committed the theft. He
was remanded to await sentence-day.
Charles McGinnis attempted to pick the pocket
of one Michael Gallagher. He dovo his hand into
the pocket in which Gallagher had not deposited
Ids money, and was caught. He acknowledged
his guilt. ;md was remanded for sentence at a fu
ture day.
NOTICE.
The crrand.iury has in no wise as yet completed
its labor, and it will probably be some days be
fore its final report is made.
The probability now is that u petit Jury will not
be brought in before Monday of next week.
VALUABLE INFORMATION’,
Patents to Lots iu tbe Fort Dearborn Addition
to Chicago—Uow*to Obtain Duplicates.
By the following note from the Sooroturyof
War, it will be seen that those who have lost their
original patents cau obtain duplicates on appli
cation to the War Department:
Wau department, WAsiirsv.TON City,
Nov. 3, IS7L i
TZcrac X. Arnold, Xo. 481 ll'ahatTi a venue:
Sin: Your letter ol Utc l*t requesting copy of the
Itvport of the Solicitor of the Land Oflioo in reference
tothusaleof Fort Dearborn reservation, with a view
of facilitating the obtaining of duplicated patents, has
been received. In reply, li you will specify the patents
yciidesire. giving tliu uumber of the lots, tho range,
ami the original purchaser at the sale. copies of thorn
will bo forwarded to you. Veiy respectfully, your
obetUent sonant, Wat. \V. Belknap.
Secretary of War.
If any of tho original purchasers, whose patents
have been burned, desire duplicates, and will
leave the proper description at oar oillcc. No. 431
Wabash avenue, wo will obtain them without
charge. Arnold Waterman.
Those Abstract Broker*.
To the Editor of The Chicago Ttibune
gut: From information already before tho peo
ple, through the press, it ia unquestionably true
tlmt a commission could accurately reproduce all
the nmps or plate ou record prior to the lire.
Thus wo can have ro-vccordcd a correct survey of
every lot, block, and section in the County of
Cook. So much gained beyond question. It re
mains to ascertain who holds tho tee, and who
else arc legally entitled to lions. The records arc
not of themselves evidence of any equitable in
terests, except in cases of trust deeds and uuau
eery suits, which, by the ilisclosure therein of
swell Interests, are preserved the same as legal
rights. The letters heretofore published seem to
adopt the idea that the County of Cook, having
undertaken the custody and control of the rec
ords, should reinstate them. If the county is a
bailee for hireunless tt adopted every reason
able measure which science could suggest for the
safety of tho valuable records in its keeping; un
less ic was the net of God, unassisted by any con
trolling negligence on tho pare of tho
»<oimty. it Is Itnble ..for tho destruction
of the records, and must account
therefor. If the county is liable, which is mainly
a question of negligence; perhaps, to be deter
mined hereafter, it will become bankrupt unless
it takes immediate action to replace the records.
Belay Increases the risk. Itut whether liable or
not, inasmuch as the expenses of tho county are
paid mainly by tax upon the realty situate there
in, and since the Interests of the people demand
action, it behooves the Board of Supervisors, who
represent the county, to see that the evidence of
tha people’s rights entrusted to rts keeping I?
promptly forthcoming. It Is sot* so far us'thc
county is concerned, its duty to ascertain what
each owxier would like by way of a clear title or
satisfactory lieu, but to reproduce* the records;
If it cannot give ns access to the original, it
should present to our inspection ami use gratis
the best possible evidence of what that record
was.
Thc question then resolves itself into the prob
lem of that presentation. If we cannot have pri
mary, or that which was legalized secontlury evi
dence, let us have legalized testimony.
It. is a general rule that the best evidence which
the nature of the case admits of must buprodm-'
ed. The records are destroyed, many deeds lost
or destroyed, parties who could depose to their
contents dead or their whereabouts auknovu.
The evidence of deeds, etc. (the record), which
was received without oath, waa nothing more
than u copy of an'instrument compared. Yet it
war. given tin fullest credit. The abstracts were
compiled from these records by three linns, whoso
success depended entirely upon tho accuracy of
their copies. Thus wo have three copies, made
with a paramount view to correctness. It fol
lows then, that so far as they correspond with
each other, they must necessarily carry convic
tion to every mind that they agree with tho
original record. Now let the Supervisors appoint
a commission, to be composed of men
of intelligence and integrity, to compare the ab
stracts referred to, and, where they correspond,
to certify the sumo to the Recorder of Cook
County iu such shape as to readily Indicate their
contents, by Indices, &c. ’With a copy of the ab
stracts so certified, let there be attached tho atil
davits of the members of the various firms,detail
ing their mode of obtaining and preparing their
abstracts and maps: that done, the Legislature
should enact a general law concerning the case,
allowing such copy to be received In all trials
(without oath), and declaring that courts and
juries shall take cognizance of the contents of the
affidavits above referred to, which aftlduvits the
parties litigant may read on tho trial. If before a
Jury or not, as they see proper. The testimony
thus before the court or jury, like that of u party
to a suit, is fur consideration according us tho
court or Jury shall give It credence. The Legis
lature cannot, by a retroactive law, make
abstracts prima facie evidence, nor cun it
make parol testimony, evidence, it can probably
declare that courts shall admit certain things for
the consideration of the court or Jury. The in
trinsic value of testimony is in itself, and nut In
anyway connected with its admissibility, although
its admissibility Is often governed by its force.
Let the legislature declare that the certified
copies of tho abstracts may be admitted, bat let
the court or jury declare its value. If that Is done
no one will be Injured. Thousands of titles, aided
or unassisted by tax-receipts and possession will
then bo practically settled, because if tho com
missi “m miVe the confidence of tho public, and do
their work carefully, there is every sensible and
moral reason to give the same credit to the ccrti
lled copy, so far as It purports to describe the in
struments and maps destroyed, that there was to
the record itself. Time being the case, so far it
ought to, and will, have the same practical re
sult which the record itself had. If. Thou the
effect is the same as the record, of what It con
tains, so far,'it is us good. This, to a great
extent, would furnish a credit basis.
Again, whether this would or not clear up
any titles wo must have the statements which
those abstracts contain for our general use. It is
unsafe to buy any real estate in Cook County,
though assured by the owner of a clear title, and
If Bhortall Hoard, Jones Sellers, and
Chase Bros, should refuse, as they have tho right
to do, to inform u&of the condition of titles, the
sale and mortgage of lands In this county would
stop at once. Therefore, without intending any
reflection whatever upon those honorable Arms,
being ot the mercy of individuals, something must
be done to give tu* free access to tho best evidence
we can obtain of the destroyed records. Concern
ing Utica which the method above described would
not clearly and satisfactorily establish, let those
interested apply to the courts by virtue of a law
to be made to meet the case, the character of
which I will not nov discuss.
W R. Plcm, of. the Chicago Bar.
Chicago, N0v.13.
Valuable Suggestion*,
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sm: There is much complaint among the suf
ferers by the fire who draw their rations ut the
various district headquarters because of the en
tire absence of fresh meat. At the barracks, foot
of Centre avenue, sickness prevails to a large ex
tent In consequence of this necessity being over
looked. 'Will not the Relief Committee look after
this!
Another suggestion: Why cannot barrels of
soup be carried daily from the Cincinnati! soup
house down to those barracks! It has been a
matter of regret that the barracks were notl>
catcd in the vicinity of tbe soup house, but ouc
wagon could carry suflicieut soup for a hundred
or more people daily. Observer.
Chicago, Nov. 13, isti.
Liability Tor Real.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir An article in to-day’s Tribune states that
a tenant must pay rent during his whole term,
though the premises be burned ux>.
There arc two aides to even this old question. It
is held in one of Barboui’s Reports (Now York),
that a lessee of a room or rooms which is wholly
burned up is not bound to pay rent while thus
evicted by lire t.that, where the subject mailer of
the lease is all consumed or destroyed, the lla
bllitv to pay rent is at an end. A lease of land
with a building on it is very different; the land is
left, and may be used by the lessee.
I also quote the following from Ambler’s
Reports (English), page rio: of a iuuw
and jr/mW*covenants to u’pair, accidents bv nr,,
excepted; The hr.vnc is burned down, and th” hs.
For.liavinginsured. t v. viw.lrhe i:wir;:ufvmi»aev
i-tt neglected U uK-ihi. .vj 1 au
low for the rent. A bill wan illoil by lease* for an
inji.uetii/U, aoU held proper till the re
built. J.A. D.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.
INSURANCE.
Kew Vork Companies in Chicago—Super
infeodent miller’s Report Nearly
Twenty-one millions of Insurance Capi
tal Withdrawn from the Slate*
I rom the New York Tribune, Nov. 11.
The following is the ollicial report of Geo.
W. Miller, Superintendent of the liLsnranco
Department of New York, as to the losses
suttaiucill.y New York corporations W the
recent conflagration m Chicago. Iho 1 1 femes
in each case are sworn to by the oliiccrs ok
the respective companies:
1 state of New York.
Insurance Department,
Albany. Nov. 11,1871.
In view of the disastrous ©fleets of the late
great tire in Chicago upon the insurance com
panies doing business in this State, and the
natural anxiety of the public for reliable in
formation as to the actual results, the Super
intendent of the Insurance Department
deems it proper to make public the following
facts: On IhcßUhof October the Superinten
dent issued a circular to all the companies
doing business in this State, requiring a state
ment of the gross assets, gross liabilities, and
tho losses by tho Chicago tire (separately
stated) of each company. With the exsep-
H«t of companies known to have suspended,
and one or two others, all tho companies or
ganized under the laws of the State of New
York have returned the statements required.
From these statements, and other reliable in
formation. the following facts appear:
The following New York companies have
ceased to do business, and gone into liquida
tion. The gross assets of each, as stated in
the annual report of Dec. 21 last, is givon in
the absence of any present report;
Gross assets
Jan, 1,1571.
Market $701,684
North America.. 770,305
Security. 1,860,338
Washington 774,411
Albany City 397,wc
Capital 233.766
Buffalo City..... 370,334
Buffalo Fire Ins. 473,577
Western 580,517
Yonkers, N. Y'.. 868,933
Gross assets
Jan 1.1871.
261,851
JR tna
AMor.
Atlantic
Beckman....
Excelsior...
Fulton
Irving
Lamm
larlilard...
Manhattan.
Tbe following is a list of those New York
companies which had no losses in Chicago:
Agricultural. Holland Purc’se, Park,
Albany, Hope People s,
Arctic, Long Island. Peter Cooper,
Broadway, C Manfaeturers* Rutgers,
Brooklyn, Builders* St. Nicholas,
City, Metropolitan, Standard,
Clinton, Montauk, Star,
Eagle, Nassau, Stuyvesant,
Empire City, N. Y’. Bowery. United States.
G'elmard, N. Y'. Central, Watertown,
Globe, N. Y’. Equitable, Knickerbocker,
Hamilton. North River. Westchester.
COMPANIES WHICH SUSTAINED LOSSES BUT ARK
CONTINUING BUSINESS.
Total losses by
Gross assets* Chicago fire
Adriatic..
American.
28o.esr
303,716
722,068
46H.595
American Exchange.
Buffalo Gorman
Citizens’
Columbia
762,000 450,030
253,665 26,000
317,451 5,000
.2,847,307 1,400,000
Ccmmcrce Albany
Commerce Fire (N. Y.)...
Commercial
Continental
Com Exchange 359,W0
Exchange 207,374
firemen’s Fund 182,030
Firemen’s Trust 241,700
Germania 1,135,332
Glen’s Falls 554,902
Gretnwich 472.070
Guardian 286,984
Ilnnovor 750,000
Hotlmun 217,460
.4,813,501
891.360
362.786
303,189
.1,466.726
447,391
292,562
224.643
Home
Howard
Humboldt
Importers’ and Traders’
International
Jeflersen
King** Comity
Lafayette
247,600
236,356
Lenox
Mechanics’
518.CC2
292,335
463.864
300,000
389,904
1,321,420
Mechanic.''’ and Traders’
Mercantile
Merchants’
National
Now York
Niagara
451,403
,870,076
323,125
Pacific.
Pkenix.
Kehei..
Republic 683.382
KCMilUlc I 254.021
Stirling 260.581
WilhHUislmrgh City 531JUH
Assuming that the total assets of the sus
pended companies will l>o absorbed by tba
Chicago losses of those compauies, and that
tho losses of those continuing business will
be paid in full, the result is that $20,724,457 of
fire insurauco capital is withdrawn from tins
State.
Those companies which have sustained an
impaiunent of capital have generally taken
steps, with every prospect of speedy success,
to secure a full repairmeut thereof, Stock
holders are responding with commendable
promptness to tho calls for the payment of
deficiencies. It is confidently hoped that
the Ist of January will timl all in good con
dition, and with unimpaired capitals.
This statement is limited entirely to com
panies organized under the laws of this
titato. The returns from the companies of
other States and countries have not been re
ceived in snflicient numbers to warrant tho
imblicaiimi of results.
G*ko. TV'. Mrr.urij, Sup’t.
srrt:mNTivNi>HNT miu.ku’s views—effect
UK THE CllU .UiU KIKE ON INSI'UANCK MAN
AGEMENT-—A SAKEIt BUSINESS IN THE FU
TURE.
Superintendent Miller made the following
statement hist evening to a Tribune reporter:
Several years ago the New York companies, by
virtue of a certain orcauiza im, adhered to a
certain settle of rates which wore considered side
quale and remunerative. This was afterward
abandoned. and the cuißpanto; began to compete
with each other and to write at reduced* and ia
many instances inadequate, rates, lb's wa* cut-
ried *in to such an extent as to materially dimin
ish the profits realized upon capital inre-t d in
/ire insurance. and prevent, for a considerable
time, any real increase in the number of
companies and In the amount of capital
Invested in this State. Tho Chicago lire
has withdrawn or absorbed over $2J),0J0.000 of
insurance capital from this State alone. AUUe
same lime it has produced an immediate advance
iu the rates demanded by all companies in acon
dillou to continue business, and will undoubtedly
lead to a continued and combined effort to.sus-
tain the advanced rates. Unless very extraor
diuaiy Arcs occur, there is every reason to be
lieve, that those increased rat* 8 will make tho
business of tiro Insurance once more profitable,
go as to induce the investment in it of even n»
greater amount of capital than ever before. Tho
companies' will unquestionably bo managed
with more care than hitherto in many respects,
andhevond all doubt underwriters will hence
forth be more prudent in making a Judicious dis
tribution of their risks, and limiting them iu
amount on single hazards,
The Chicago disaster will also stimulate tho or
ganization of larger companies with larger capi
tal, rather than a large number of companies with
smaller capital. The importance and public policy
of requiring eoiuxmnics to have their capital en
tirely paid up in cash, as required by the laws of
New York, rathe* than permitting them to do
business on u nominal capital, which, although
subscribed, is not fully paid up, or which consist*
In whole or in part of stockholders* notes, us it*
the cast* in some of the States, has been forcibly
demonstrated by the vastly greater percentage of
losses which will be paid by the former
companies over that which will bo
paid by tho latter. There is
every reason to believe that no other New Tort
companies than those which hare already failed,
will suspend in consequence of the recent tire,
and. in cases where there la any impairment of
capital, there Is every prospect that it will bo
made good before the first of January* On tho
whole, I think that tho percentage of the losse*
which willbc paid by the New York companies,
the prompt measures that have been token
toward tho adjustment and liquidation ot claims,
and the replacement of capital, will servo as ft
strong vindication of tho present system of in
surance supervision In this State, and the general
competency of the management of the companies.**
LOSSES IN OTHER STATES.
A pamphlet which will bo issued from th®
office of the Insurance Spectator to-day gives
an interesting statement the effect of tho
lire in other States. Of the 333 American
companies doing a lire insurance business iu
the United States, 249 experienced losses
more or less severe; while of tho six Eng
lish companies, but one escaped loss at Chi
cago. The American companies show an
aggregate loss of $>2,821,122, and tho English
companies of $5,913,000: so that the total in
surance covered by this great conflagration,
may he summed np iu round numbers at
$110,000,000, Tho aggregate insurance capital
of American companies amounts to $74,930,-
210; while tho total assets of all tho com
panies, both English and American, amount
to $145,879,521.
Deducting tho losses at Chicago, the com
pnuies have about $00,000,000 left, the impair
ment being not far from $25,000,000 on tho
total capital. Of the companies affected
by the disaster, fifty-seven have suspended*
and twenty-eight of tho remainder have al
ready taken measures toward the filling up
of their respective deficiencies. Illinois haa
suffered the most severely, no less than four
teen of her twenty eompauieshavingalready
stopped. Connecticut loses seven of her
eleven companies. Rhode Island, five out
of nine.
One of the most remarkable effects of tho
disaster is the increase in the number of in-*
snrers. Those who have regularly insured
have largely increased their lines, and prop
erty was never so well protected in this re
gard as now. Rates of premium have gener
ally advanced, and the increased Income of
most of the companies will aid the process of
recovery very greatly.
The JEtna Insurance Company
Hartford. Conn., jfor* 9.
The stockholders of the JEtna Insurance
Company to-day voted to reduce the capital
stock to $1,500,000, aud subsequently voted
to iucrcasu the stock by the same amount,
which will give the company au ample rein
surance fund aud enable it to meet the re
guiremeuts of the insurance laws of every
tatc. The Chicago losses of the company
were stated at $3,100,000. The premium re
ceipts since the lire have been nearly three
quarters of a million.
Tbe stockholders of the Peoria Rock Island
Railroad Company held their annual meeting at
Peoria, on the oth. With one exception, the old
Board of Directors was re-elected, as follows:
Ben. E. Smith, Win. Dennison, Columbus. Ohio;
W. R, Hamilton, W. H. Crugcr, U. T, Baldwin. V.
Dcwelu, Peoria; W. L. Wiley. CSalvu; O. K. Or
man, Toulon. The board subsequently organised,
as follows: President, W. R. Hamilton; Vice Pres
ident, Ben. K. Smith; Secretary and Treasurer,
C. P. James. Executive Committee. W. R.
Haiuilton, Ben. K. Smith. Wm. Dcunisou, W. H*
C’rwger. President Hamilton made a financial
Mattnunl of tli<> condition of the company,show
ing seme divtu* company nnre than iC«±
58,0<K*
5,000
35,000
3,400
61,000
2.500
32,500
5,00*
2:6.500
13,00U
10,000
45.000
250.030
30.000
2,139,213
473. UO
21,000
22.500
516,911
42.500
31.00(1
7.500
32.000
22..W
37.000
112.000
10.000
37.300
15,000
221,000
12,500
350.000
40,000
208,140
109,927
7 JSOQ
CO,OOO.