"iLocal anli £>tate Netos.
Several of the wives of Lo, the poor Indian,
were on the street* yesterday selling baskets.
On Thursday last a young Nimrod of Kip
ley made a good shot. Kesult, six ducks.
The Governor and Executive Council are
in session, engaged in counting votes for
county officers.
A petition is being circulated among the
ladies of Fairfield, to abolish the Town
Lii|Uor Agency.
A son of Charles Sloper of Kendall's Mills,
recently came near losing his eyesight, by the
careless handling of powder.
J. 1). Pnlsifer, Esip, of Auburn, the ac
complished Stenographer, is the official re
porter at the term of the Supreme Judicial
Court now being holden in this city.
In municipal court yesterday, Charles
Gentes, charged with drunkenness on the
street, was found guilty; fined three dollars
and costs; refused to pgy and committed.
Geo. Shepard of Somerset Mills, while at
work in the sawmill at Gardiner, Monday,
fell, by the breaking of a lever, and fractured
his ankle.
Lafayctto Ooodwin, a lanm r ot r airtlem,
fell from an apple tree while gathering his
fruit, and received some very severe injuries,
not considered fatal, but such as to disable
him for some time.
The friends of .Sunday schools in Litchfield,
are to meet at the Congregational meeting
house at Litchfield Corner, on Saturday next,
for the purpose of bolding an Association,
itev. Messrs. K. Martin of this city, O. M.
Cousens of H&Uowell, N. I’reble and others,
will take part in the exercises.
The Kennebec Law Club is out again, with
the following list of officers: II. S. Webster,
President and Treasurer; C. C. Powers and
T. S. Hutchins, Vice President; Johnson and
Titeomb, Secretaries Abbott, Baker, Choate,
Avery and Frost, Committee on questions.
The club will hold regular meetings on Mon
day evening of each week.
The Pacific Engine Company, ('apt. Bal
lard, propose to have a social gathering at
their hall on Thursday evening. It will be
confined to members of the company and a
few invited guests, including some of the ex
members who have “run with der machine"
in other days. A supper will lie spread
for the company and their guests. We tiuink
the members for a cordial invitation to be
present.
W. II. Bigelow, Esq., County Supervisor,
assisted by C. B. Stetson, Esq., and X. A.
Luce, Esq., will bold teachers' institutes as
follows: Kent’s Hill, Monday and Tuesday,
Oct. ,10th and list; Monmouth Academy,
Wednesday and Thursday, X'ov. 1st ami 2d;
Litchfield Academy, Friday and Saturday,
X'ov. 3d and 4th; same dsys at Albion corner;
Branch Mills, Friday and Saturday, Xov.
17th and 18th. The institutes to commence
at 10 A. M.
The new saw mill of Messrs. Treat, Lang
Co., has added greatly to the business of
Bath. It has recently been started up again,
and in a few days everything will ho in per
fect trim and working order lor regular every
day business. What with tightening of belts,
and adjusting of gearing a short time must in
tervene before this can be accomplished.
The Times says that a collation in honor of
the completion of the enterprise to the work
men and other invited guests lias been pro
posed, and will probably take place this week.
Mr. T. B. Brown of Kendall's Mill*, has
just secured Letters Patent, on his improved
Pulley Blocks. The noticeable features of bis
improvement are, on each side of the shive or
pulley, a revolving plate, a little larger than
the shive, with bended edge, playing on the
same axle, but independent of the sbive.
The rofe in swerving from right to left,
comes in contact with the revolving plate,
instead of the shell of the block, thereby
lessening the friction and wear of the rope.
Having been put to actual test, they have
proved themselves to be a success.
We notice that A. G. Stinchfield, Esq., of
Halloweli has opened an office at No. 3, Pem
berton Square, Boston. Mr. S., is regarded
by the profession as one of the best lawyer*
the State has produced, especially in the de
partments of the profession to which he baa
more particularly devoted himself, viz: to
equity practice, and railway and insurance
cases. Our sister city has heretofore sup
plied half a score of able lawyers to the Bos
ton bar, among them Judges Wilde and
Sprague, Jonas Rogers and H. W. l'ainc of
whom we believe, Mr. 1*. is the only survivor.
From a canvass made of the town of Win
tbrop by Mr. Bisbee, bible agent, we gather
the following statistics. Families visited,
435—American 425, Irish 4, German 1, Eng
lish 1, Miscellaneous 4. Persons who attend
Sunday school; 723; there being 77 children
in town who do not attend. Families who
had bihles, 4l'J; without, 14; declined to re
ceive the bible (Catholic) 4. Sold bihles to
70 families, gave away to 5. Five stated
places of worship in town and live regular
pastors; six Sunday schools, and a live,
working, earnest Y. M. C. Association, rlhe
agent pronounces this town one of the best
for his work lie has yet visited.
Hon. Joshua Nye met the children at Dar
by Hall on Saturday afternoon, who luul as
sembled in response to his invitation, to take
the initiatory steps in forming a Cold Water
Temple in this city. About fifty children
were present, representing every Sunday
school in the city. Full explanations were
made by Mr. N'ye of the character of tho pro
posed organization, and tho children were
deeply interested in the enterprise. This is a
good beginning, and argues well for the com
plete success of the undertaking. At the
next meeting, to be holden at the same place
on Saturday afternoon at 2 1-2 o’clock, a
Cold Water Temple will be organized, and
the officers elected. Children from six to
sixteen may have an active part in this youth
ful society.
Twenty of the Sir Knights of Halloweli, in
company with Dr. Thompson of this city, and
attended by the Halloweli Cornet Hand, 7isit
ed the home of Eminent Commander Knight,
in Hal low ell, on Monday evening, and were
entertained by the honored and respected Sir
Knight and his companion in the most hospi
table manner. The Band gave a fine concert,
executing some of their best pieces, after
which a supper of knightly character was serv
ed, followed by good-natured and sparkling
speeches from Sir Knights Day, Currier,
Thompson, l-'arr, Hawes and Knight. All
voted on parting that Trinity has the right
kind of a commander.
Teachers’ Institute at Gardiner.
LECTURES Bf ABLE EDUCATORS—FREE ENTER
TAINMENT BY THE PEOPLE OF’ UARDINER.
A teachers’ institute is now being holden at
the high school building in Gardiner. It
commenced on Monday afternoon last, and
will continue to Friday evening. An able
corps of instructors are present, viz C. B.
Stetson, Supervisor of Androscoggin county;
X. A. Luce, Supervisor of Waldo county;
Warren Johnson, Superintendent of Common
Schools; W. 11. Brigelow, Supervisor of
Kennebec county; and .Mrs. Olive Fond Ar
mies. of Lewiston, graduate of the Oswego
Training school. Fifty teachers made their
appearance at the opening of the school on
Monday, and this number lias been increased
to seventy-five. In numbers and interest,
the institute promises well, although under the
guidance entirely of “home talent.” The
people of Gardiner have cordially opened
their doors, and given free entertainment to
the teachers. More places were volunteered
than were needed. The generosity ef the
people of Gardiner has been put to the test
sevcrl times this year in the entertainment of
conventions and other gatherings, and it has
never failed. The railroad also furnishes
free return tickets to all who may attend the
institute.
Yesterday forenoon the exercises were of
a special interest. Mrs. Armies took a class
of children, which she instructed in her pe
culiar methods, showing her wonderful power
in imparting object lessons. In the evening,
Mr. C. B. Stetson gave one of his thoughtful
lectures on the subject of “Heat,” the citi
zens turning out to hear the lecture.
On this evening there will be a lecture by
Hon. Warren Johnson, on the educational
system; nnd on Thursday evening, cither a
lecture by Mr. X'. A. Luce or select readings
by Mrs. Armies.
This is vacation week in our city schools,
and all our teachers should avail themselves
of the opportunity to add to their teaching
knowledge.
Supreme Judicial Court. Illrkerson Judge.
Tuesday, Oct. 24th. The Judge spent an
hour or two, forenoon nnd afternoon, in the
fruitless endeavor to find work for the juries.
No ease could be found where the parties
were ready tor trial.
Contributions of clothing tor the Michigan
and Wisconsin sufferers came in nobly yes
terday. Five large boxes were sent, this
morning by the Eastern Express Company,
free of charge, and seven boxes more are
ready. The Congregational vestry will lie
open to-day from S» to 12, and from 2 to for
further supplies.
Dr. Wistar’s Wild Cherry Balsam.—
This Balsamic compound has become a home
fixture. Let all who suffer, nnd have in vain
attempted to cure their coughs, colds, bron
eial or pulmonary complaints, make use of
this uncounted remedy. It can be relied upon,
the mass of testimony that has been published
since its imrodueti m, being ample proof its
efficacy. lwfw
Corns, Bunions, Ingrowing Nails and their
attemlent ills, have been, in years gone by.
and will tie in years to come, a source of
much discomfort and unhappiness to those
who are annoyed with them. By persistent
efforts and and untiring perseverance, l)r. J.
Briggs gave to suffering humanity his reme
dies—Alleviator and Curative. The popular
ity which they have gained, and the entire
satisfaction derived from their use, is well
known and are attested by all classes who
have suffered with Corns, Bunions, Ingrow
ing Nails, Chilblains, Frosted or Blistered
Feet, fto. Sold by all druggists. +ly
fHarriea.
In Waterbary, Conn., i »th inst., Melvin II. Dun
h:tr, vformerly of Waterville,) to Miss Mary
Wooster, daughter of Horace B. Wooster, of Water
bury.
I si Waterville, 18th ins;., Preston A.Eonglev.to
Mil-.' Kina J. Simpson, IxHh of Winthrop; 19th
inst.. by Rev. C. U. Hill, Charles C. Couillard, of
Portland, (on the editorial staff of the Portland Ad
vertiser,) to Miss FlorenceO. Tuttle, of Waterville.
In Saco. 11th inst., Alex II. Childs of Holyoke.
Mass., to Miss M. H.Gordan of Saco; 9th inst., John
Hoigeson of Williamsburg, to Miss Mary Me Elroy,
of Saeo; ltith inst., Dexter Sherman of Providence,
K. I to Mrs. Elsie M. Gleason, of Charlestown.
Mass.
Diftf.
In Watcr\jilo, 17th inst., Jerome \V. sinip?.oii,
aged 22 years*
In Clinton, 16th fust., JohnGowon, aged 77 years.
In Dresden.9th inst.. Capt. Roland Johnson, aged
8*1 years, 6 months.
fu Washington, D. C., 7th inst.. at the residence
ofhls son, Capt. E. It. Cunningham, Col. H. W.
Cunningham, of Manassas, Ya.,!onuerly of Belfast,
Me., aged 65 years.
G. S. BALLARD,
-DEALER IN
Crockery, Glass and
Britannia Ware.
Japanned and Plain
Tin Waro;
Roger Bros., aiul Meriden Plated Goods,
Lamps and Lamp Goods,
Tabic* and Pocket Cutlery
and a general assortment of
kitchen Furnishing hoods.
-ALSO
MANUFACTURER
-OF
Tin and Sheet Iron Work.
Jobbing promptly attended to. 6 Union Block,
A few doors north of Kennebec Bridge.
octl6*ftjanl
A Nurse for Lying-in Women,
MRS* AGNES FLETCHER offers herservices to
the Ladies of AuguBta and virlnltv. who may
need her professional assistance during one of the
most interesting periods in maternal lift'. Site may
be found at the house of Mr. E. C. Partridge on the
court leading out of Groi n jsr between sewail and
Orchard streets.
Augusta, Oot.34,1071. _ t:il‘
J. W. TOWARD lO.,
PIlYSiCIAN AND SURGEON.
Office on Wlntlirop Street,
Kas of State Street.—Opposite Court House.
gAlw
PHENIX
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF SEW YORK.
Assets Oot. 20, 1871,
81,500,000,
A Her paying Chicago losses.
M. VV. FARR, Agent,
DARBY BLOCK, AUGUSTA.
^ETNA
Insurance Company
-OF
Hartford, Conn.
This the strongest and most reliable Fire Insurance
Company in America,
Has paid all its Losses
-IN THE
CHICAGO FIRE,
And has Capital and Surplus left, amounting to
MORE THAN FOUR MILLION
DOLLARS!
Without resorting to loan?.
DAVID CARGILL, Agent,
Office in Granite Block,
SOUTH SIDE MARKET SQUARE,
oct24-;lt Augusta, Maine.
His Stock embraces a line line ol
American and Swiss Watches,
n gold and silver case, including the celebrated
National or Elgin Watch, Waltham, Tremont, Bor
quin, Bennett, Pardeaux, Jacot, Ac., in both La
dies’ and gentlemen’? sixes.
Jj'ino Gold J" owolry,
Solid Gold Leoniton
Vest and Neck Chains.
STERLING Ac COIN SILVER GOODS
FINE *PLATED WARE,
SPECTACLES AND EYE GLASSES,
of the most approved kinda.
CLOCKS or ALL KIKDS,
including the celebrated ITHACA CALENDAR
all of which will oe sold at the
Lowest Prices, and Warranted.
Particular attention given to repairing all kinds
of Fine Watches. Chronometer Balances applied
and adiusted to temperature and position. lianTOtf
PUTIE T.Tt A TTV T.A-nn
MADE FROM THE
Best Corn-fed Bark,
And prepared with the greatest care and cleanli
ness by
GEO. C. NAPHEYS Ac SON,
PHILADELPHIA.
In CONICAL-SHAPE TIN PAILS, weighing
3, 5 and 10 Pounds, Nett.
All who have used it find it Jugt as repre
sented.
Warranted strictly pure.
Weight (>Maranteed.
The pail, when euf|»ty, will In* found nsefril tor
many purposes. So family should be without a
supply of this superior I.AkD.
N. B.—Having obtained Letters Patent for these
lard pails, all persons are hereby cautioned against
infringing upon the Patent.
FOR SALE WHOLESALE BY
I'". E. MULLIIiEN,
Commission Merchant, Flour, Grain, Lard and
Wool,
112 Water Street, Augusta, Me.
ooUtflm
EXCELLENT BARGAINS.
Prices Low and Terms Easy.
A TWO STORY HOUSE, with L, 9 rooms; good
cellin' and cistern; new stable; large lot and
a number of fruit trees.
A cottage bouse of seven rooms, and lot.
Several line building lots.
Terms easy. Apply to
E. W. WHITE HOD HE.
Office; Freemans Bank Building.
sepSf Augusta, Maine,
DRS. THOMPSON A BABCOCK
HomutopmUtie Ptyilriaa. and Sttrgemui
Residence STATE ST„ corner of GREEN.
Or.Thompson’s office hours in Augusta, from 1 toS
1\ M. Ill Ilallowell, from 10 to 11 A. SI. Ur. Bah
eock’s office hours iu Augusta, from 10 to If A. M
In HI la ow ell from 2 4 F. M.
James W. Bradbury, Jr.,
U. S. COMMISSIONER,
Office with Bradbury ft Bradbury,
WATER STREET, APUI'NTA
20 tl
For Sale.
AUi »oii 8 vear old Cotv.
J. If, ARNOLD.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE
Daily Kennebec Journal.
EUBOFEAK NEWS, &c.
Berlin.
Berlin, 24. In the session of the Reich
stag to-day, Vouron, Minister of War, in
answer to an interpellation, stated that two
thirds of the infantry reserve would shortly
be permitted to return homo, cavalry reserves
however, for technical reasons, still remain
with their colors. The utmost relief would
be granted to volunteers for one year.
London.
London, 24. The Cambridgeshire stakes
race was won by Sabinus, Albrook and Ster
ling. running a dead heat for second place.
Dabmstkaiit, Oct. 24.
The Oourr Theatre took tire this afternoon
and is now wrapped in flames. A heavy
easterly wind is blowing and it is feared the
fire will spread to adjacent buildings.
8 1*. M. The fire is rapidly spreading
The theatre is entirely destroyed, and a strong
wind carries the flames and sparks westward
into the upper towns. The arsenal is in
danger and the troops of the garrison have
evacuated it.
Pahis.
Paris, 24. Duke D'Aumalu has been
elected President of the general council of
the department of Uise.
Lockroy in the council of the department
of Seine, made a motion to-day in favor ot
amnesty for Communists.
It is said that the Bonapartists intend to
agitate impeachment of the government of
the 4th of September, the dissolution of the
national assembly, and a plebiscitum to de
cide a future form of government.
News From Washington.
Washington, 24. The Cabinet session to
day was brief. The subject of the recapture
of the schooner Horton was not mentioned.
There was, however, a conversation in re
lation to the Hornet, which it appeared, from
official report at last advices, was in the har
bor of Port Au Prince, menaced by a Spanish
war steamer, which intended to capture her.
Our government sustains the course of Minis
ter Bassett in his complaint to the Haytian
government, of this breach of neutralites, and
has through the Secretary of State informed
the Spanish Minister, Mr. Roberts, ot the
views upon the subject. Whatever offence
the Hornet may have committed after she
had given bonds in the United States, is con
sidered a question to be settled by the au
thorities of this country, on the proper proofs
especially, as she carried the American flag,
and therefore possesses a national character.
The government sees no necessity tor the
use of forces as the entire matter is under
going a peaceable adjustment.
Yellow Fever.
Charlestown, S. C., 24. There were four
deaths from yellow fever to-day.
The Weather.
War Defahtment, 4
Office of tiie Chief Signal Officer.
Washington, Oct. 24.-7 P. M.
Probabilities.
The barometer will probably continue
higher Wednesday from the lower lakes to
the middle ami east Atlantic, with clear or
clearing and smoky weather. Cloudy weath
or will continue on the South Atlantic coast,
and an area of low barometer will extend
from Missouri to Wisconsin, with easterly
winds on Lakes Michigan and Superior.
Matters iu Salt Lake City.
Salt I.ake City, 24. In the Hawkins case
this morning the defendant asked to be re
leased for the reason that the verdict was not
in accordance with the statute, as it tailed to
specify the nature ami extent of punishment.
The motion was overruled.
News from New York.
New York, 24. Judge Ingraham to-day
granted a mandamus against the Comptroller
for S200,000 for the observatory and museum
in Central Park and the 8th avenue improve
ment, and for a half million to the board of
docks.
In the National Insurance Convention a
resolution that a provision for amalgamation
of such Life Insurance companies as wish to
avail themselves ot it should te included in
the insurance laws of several States, was re
ferred.
A resolution was offered and tabled against
any Statu excluding good companies from
beyond its limits on imposing onerous require
ments upon them, favoring uniformity and
reciprocacy among companies, the charging
of adequate premiums and the laying aside
in days of prosperity of extraordinary re
serves against the hour of adversity.
The report of the committee on miscellan
eous subjects, against a memorial to Con
gress, for the exemption of life policies, from
the operation of the bankrupt law and against
tbe establishment of marine intelligence
offices was adopted.
A resolution that it is desirable for the
States to enact that polices be issued for
terms extending beyond 75 years, was re
ferred.
The report of the committee on taxation,
fees and deposits was discussed till recess.
An amendment was moved making the tax on
the gross premiums one instead of two per
cent, annually in all States except that where
the company is organized.
Wm. Thompson, indicted for manslaughter
in misplacing a switch at the time of the re
cent dreadful accident on the Newark i New
York liailrond, lias withdrawn his plea of
not guilty, and thrown himself on the mercy
of the court, which in consequence of his
youth is likely to be lenient.
The grand jury to-day held under examin
ation the subject of indicting Mayor Hall of
malfeasance in office. The following wit
nesses were examined by the grand jury
Geo. Jones of the New York Times, Ex
Sheriff O’Brien, Edward Baxter furniture
dealer, Mr. Mastcrson and Mr. l’almer of the
10th National Bank. The bill against the
mayor was dismissed, but a vote of censure
was passed on him for negligenee in the dis
charge of the duties of his office.
Neivs from Boston.
Boston, 24. Nicholas Elcock, tVillia;u
Sullivan, Frank McDonald and Tlios. Daily,
were to-day sentenced to four years each in
Dedham jail, for robbing the Quincy post
office. The prisoners are all under 18 years
of age.
Fears are entertained that Prof. James T.
Hodge of Plymouth, Mass., was lost in the
steamer K. G. Colburn, which fouHdercd on
Lake Huron an the 12th. Mr. Hodge was on
his way home from Lake Superior, where he
has been engaged in geological explorations.
Bout Uace at Bangor.
liangor, 24. A double scull rape between
\V. L. Seavey and W. Scott Nickerson, pa
per shell “Bodge," and \V. R. Pitman and
D. M. Clark, cedar shell “Halcyon” to de
cide the second prize rowed for in the city
regatta on the 16th, the award having been
reserved on account of an alleged foul, re
sulted in a victory for the Bodge. Distance
two miles; time 12 minutes 7 seconds, the
Halcyon coming in one minute and lifteen
seconds behind.
Boston Bank Statement!
Boston, 24. Statement of Boston National
Banks as returned to the Clearing House,
Oct. 23
Capital, 848,050,000
Loans, 116,084,444
Decrease, 1,485,121
Specie, 952,599
Decrease, 181,391
Legal tender, 10,341,725
Decrease, 851,520
Due from other banks, 16,477,261
Decrease, 2,303,238
Due to other banks. 18,557,741
Decrease, 1,549,776
Deposits, 43,170,672
Decrease, 2,478,692
Circulation, 25,757,989
Increase, 92,427
Telegraph Mews In General.
Portland, 24. J09. O'Hara, who is in State
Prison for stealing clothing, has been par
doned by the Governor. His sentence was
live years and he has served two.
Toronto, 24. The Ottawa correspondent
of the Express, says that the case ot schooner
Horton was timjily regarded as a violation of
customs regulation.
Halifax, 24. A large bark is reported
ashore on New Harbor ledge, near Isaac
Harbor. There are no tidings of the crew.
Two vessels are ashore at Popes Harbor; two
at Marie Joseph, and one at Riekerton.
The coal vnssels which were scattered by
the gale of the 18th, are coming in.
Chicago, 24. The verdict of the coroner’s
jury in the Grosvenor homicide case, simply
states the fact that Grosvenor was shot by
Treat without sufficient cause, but say the
juror’s opinion is that Treat supposed be was
executing orders given by those who placed
him on guard. Treat was arrested.
Judge Gary, chairman of the committee of
Judges of United States and State Courts in
this county, is preparing a bill for perpetuat
ing titles of the County and State Judges
under the statute. The laws and constitu
tion have heretofore made it a practice to
meet the emergencies where there had been
any defect in the law.
At a meeting last night of property owners
on Michigan avenue and north Park How
it was resolved that blocks of vacant ground
on the lake shore north of Monroe street, be
donated for railroad purposes, the railroad to
pay a price to be fixed hereafter. The price
heretofore offered by the Illinois Central,
Michigan Central and Chicago, Burlington
Quincy Railroad is $800,000. It is probably
worth double that.
FIN AN IAL COMMERCIAL.
New York Honey Market.
NSW Tom*, October
k Cold closedfat 11IX
United|8tales Sixes (coupons), 1881 lit;1,, 3
5-20’S 1862, 111X4
1864, ll.l1,3
1865, 114 X4
1865, Jan. A July, 112X3
k 1867, 112X4
lT 1868 112 X3
1 10-40’s,(coupons) 109X4
Pacific fixes, 3
Central Pacifies 101X4
Union 85', 3
New York Stock Market.
New To**, October 24.
Mariposa 1 dopltl.. lXi Canton Co. 68 Cum
berland Co. .18 Western Union Tel. Co., no
Quicksilver Mining Co„ 17X; Pacific, Mail, 48X;
Boston Water Power, 37 Adams Kx. Co., 82;
Wells, Fargo A Co., 50X American Merchants l.i
■51X 1 U. 8. Kx. Co., 53 X. Y. Central A Hudson
River, 88X; do. senp. 83X; Erie,29 do. tifd.no
Harlem, 12H, do. pftl 122 Heading. 107XMich.
Central. Hi Lake Shore anti Michigan Southern
97X'; Illinois Ceutral 132 Cleveland A Pittsburg,
121X Chicago A North Western, 59X do. pfd 88 X
Chicago A Rock Island, lOIXjMil. A St. Paul MX
do. pld.. 76 Toledo, Wabash A Western, 56X;
do. pfd s2 Pittsburg A Fort Wayne, 97 Terre
Haute, 16 do. pfd 50 Alton, 1I2X do, pfd 114
Ohio A Miss., 37X Boston, Hartford A Erie. 2
New York Produce market.
Nmw York, October 24.
COTTON—sales 2295 hales: mid. unbinds 1-5.
FLOUR— U30U; slate iMxig 725; round hoop onto
6 sii£ 735: western 6 00 47 60; southern 79049 25.
WHEAT 192000 bu; No. 2spring 14741 50‘, new
(o 2 tlo ;winter red and amber western 150 4154.
CORN—52000 new mixed western 70476),;
00
OATS—sales 49000 western 51851
PORK— new muss, 13.00 £13.12. old. UGOe
00.00. prime,
LARI 1 4 steam: ItfXSlOX'; kettle, 10’,.
BUTTER—West’n, 10420; state, 154:111
WHISKEY Western ft ee, 96.
RICK—Carolina, 8 49.
SUU.YR Porto Rico, 4 Muscovado, 9 49.x
Ciuciuuati Produce mark.t
Cincinnati, October 24.
MESS PORK—12 50
LARD 9X.
BULK MEATS-sides 7X
BACON—shoulder, 7X’ clcarrib7X; sides S',
WHISKEY—01.
STATE NEWS.
The Lewiston .Journal says that a very sad
accident occurred at Canton. Manly A.
Staples, a lad thirteen year* old, only son of
A. G. and R. W. Staples, was kicked while
attempting to catch a horse, it striking him so
severe a blow in the abdomen as to cause his
death in twenty-two hours. The horse had
always been Tery kind and gentle.
Sparrows and Itielmrds, the two boys who
escaped from the Reform School on Sunday
night, Oct. 15, returned last Sunday morning
of their own accord.
The coopers of Portland have raised $200
to aid their brother craftsmen who suffered
by the Chicago fire.
A young swindler, Minnie Clark of Port
land, 12 years of age, has been obtaining
goods in that city under false pretences.
The Independent says that Chas. M. Little
field, Esq., is making rapid progress in the
erection of his new Steam Mill on Water St.,
in Saco. Part of his machinery is in and the
large chimney built by Mr. Augustus Scam
man, has been finished and the new works
now make quite and imposing appearance.
The ladies of Saco are increasing in their
efforts to relieve the western sufferers.
The Portland papers reporta serious affray
at Casco. On Friday William Dingley, of
Casco, had an altercation with his son George
a young man about 25 years of age, about a
pair of cellar stairs. The result was that the
affectionate son took a board about five feet
long and two inches wide and belabored the
old gentleman tremendously. The parent
drew a jack-knife and plunged it into
his son’s side, inflicting a serious, but not
mortal wound. The cut was some two and a
half inches long and penetrated to tho inner
man, but it is quite certain that none of the
vital organs were injured. Tho wound was
dressed and sewed up. Dingley senior was
arrested and taken before Trial Justice Jack
son on Saturday, where the case was compro
mised by the old gentleman’s paying the costs
which ho did with the plaintive protest that it
was “kinder hard to give a cow .and two tun
of hay to pay for such a d—d walloping as he
had got.” Young Diugley was doing well at
last accounts though confined to hia bed from
tho wound.
The opening of the E. N. A. Railroad
will greatly increase tho amount of Custom
House business to be done at Vanceborough.
An increased force of officers is therefore
found to be necessary, and two additional
officers will he immediately appointed.
Stephen Frost of Brewer has been arrested
for forging an order on Pearson A Son for
$25, and afterward getting it cashed by L. D.
Higgins after office hours. The forgery was
well executed, and will probably secure the
maker and passer of tho order n chance to
learn a trade under Warden Rice’s supervis
ion.
Friday afternoon, Jesse Freeman was rid
ing along Fore atreet in Portland, and in
turning a corner the seat slipped from its
place, throwing Mr. Freeman out and break
ing two of his ribs.
The ladies relief society of Bath have
sent off one box of goods to Chicago, and two
boxes of similar articles, now await shipment
for the sufferers by fire in the northern dis
tricts of Michigan and Minnesota. The good
work still goes on.
Mr. II. F. Adams of Kingman, writes the
Bangor Whig full particulars of tlie shooting
accident near Kingman, mentioned in these
columns last Wednesday morning. Tlie let
ter it as follows
Tuesday morning, Henry C. Saund >r* o
Bangor, Charles E. Bishop of Fort Fairfield
and Moses Jones crossed the Mattawanikeag
river above Shaw Kingman’s tannery and
went into the woods hunting for game. Bish
op fired twice at a squirrel but failed to hit,
when Saunders fired and brought it down.
Bishop then loaded his revolver, and while
putting on a cap the hammer slipped (the
tumbler of the lock being worn) and came
down, discharging one barrel, the bullet from
which penetrated Saunders’ left breast and
eutered his heart. He expired in a few min
utes. There being no coroner within call, I
collected six good and lawful men, who lis
tened to the evidence in the case and returned
a verdict that “deceased came to his death by
the accidental discharge of a pistol in the
hands of Charles E. Bishop.”
Saunders wns aliont 25 years of age and
belonged in this city, but had worked at King
man since February last. During the war he
was a private in Co. “B," 20lh Maine Regi
ment and was twice wounded, once at Gettys
burg and once at Five Forks—the last time
by a rifle ball which destroyed one eye and
was still in his head when he died.
The number of through passengers from St.
John to Bangor, has averaged 100 on each
regular passenger train during the seven days
on which trains have been running over the
E. N. A. Railway.
The Whig gives the particulars of a dis
tressing accident. Monday morning Frank
Crane of Lincoln, a lad of 15 years, took his
fowling piece and said he would go out and
hunt a snipe before he went to the Academy.
His parents saw nothing more of him during
the forenoon and supposed he had gone to
school without coming home first, bnt when
his brother returned from the Academy and
reported that lie had not been there, their
fears were aroused. The father set out in
the direction Frank took in the morning, and
had not gone far into the woods when he
came across tlie body of liis son lying dead
in a pool of blood upon the ground, his gun
by his side, discharged, and a ghastly wound
in the left side of his neck, showing the di
rection of the fatal shot. Appearances indi
cate that the lad saw a snipe or some other
game, and was creeping up to obtain a shot,
dragging his fowling behind or beside him,
when the haminar was caught by a stick and
pulled back sufficiently for it when released
to explode the cap and thus the charge, which
passed through his neck, half severing it
from the body, and cutting all the import
ant blood vessels, so that the poor fellow
could not have lived not more than a few
seconds at the most. Tlie tragic end of
oting Crane deeply effects the whole com
munity as well as his distressed parents, for
lie was a bright lad and had won many warm
friends by liis genial disposition and upright
character.
NEWS BV MAIL.
.lames W. Fisher lias been appointed chief
iustice of the supreme court oi Wyoming.
The information received front North Car
olina is to the effect tiiat the President’s
declaration of martial law is working the
very best results.
Tlie warrants for the payment of pensions
are now being prepared in Washington and
forwarded to the agents throughout tlte
country. Pensions aro now quarterly.
Over seven millions are required eacli quar
ter.
Something like a religious riot took place
in Scranton, Penn., on Sunday. A man at
tempted to lecture in the streets against
popery, and lie was set upon by a crowd of
Catholics, who very nearly killed him.
A Washington despatch states that among
the nominees fur the territorial legislature of
that district are Samuel R. Bond, a native of
Essex county, Massachusetts; John W. Le
Barnes, who was at one time prominently
connected with the labor reform committee
of Massachusetts, and Lemuel Barsley, a
native of Sangerville. Maine.
Commissioner Baker of the Pension Office
lias received an intimation that an effort is to
he made to effect his removal. Senator
Conkling is at the head of this opposition of
the Commissioner.
A man named J. R. Wilson, of Levant,
Me., was brought to the police station in this
city last evening and locked up, but for what
crime none of the officers in charge seemed to
know. From the tnan, however, who told a
straightforward story, it would seem tiiat he
had been arrested oh suspicion of liaving
been embezzling funds belonging to Mr.
Lewis Goodwin of Bangor, Me. Wilson
says lie had a power of attorney to dispose of
patent rights of a sash balance in New York
and Pennsylvania, and finding business dull
in ttiose States, wrote to Mr. Goodwin that
he thought Ohio and Indiana might be a bet
ter place to operate in, and also stated that
in case he got no instructions from him, he,
Wilson, would go to thase States, which he
accordingly did. Oct. 14 he was arrested in
St. Louis, and after lying in jail nine days,
he was taken hy a Massachusetts officer, who
had a requisition for him from the Governor
of this State, and yesterday lie arrived in
Boston. The failure of Mr. Goodwin to re
ceive liis letter Mr. Wilson thinks is the
cause of his arrest, and a personal explana
tion he has no doubt will result in his re
lease. Why he was brought to this city and
locked up lie did not know, unless the war
rant, a document he had not seen, was issued
in Middlesex county.—Boston Journal of
Tuesday.
HALFORD
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE.
The Rest Sauce and Relish
Made in any part of the world
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO RE HAD OF ALL FIRST-CLASS OBOCEUS
HALLS
VEGETABLE SICILIAN
HAIR
Renewer.
has proved itself to be the most perfect preparation
for the hair ever offered to the public to
Restore Gray Hair to Its Original Color,
and create a new growth where it bits fallen off
from disease or natural dootiy.
It u'itt proven! the Hair firom falling out.
All wlio use it are unanimous in awarding it the
praise ofbeing the best Hair Pressing extant.
Our Treatise on the Hair sent free lie mail.
MANt’PAOTPRKn ONLY Hi
H.F. 1IALLA CO., Nashua, N. II., Proprietors,
i for sale by all druggists. Anil
I Dissolution of Copartnership.
THE Copartnership heretofore existing under tin
Arm and style of HUNT FELLOWS, is this
day dissolved In mutual consent.
GEORGE HUNT,
,1. R. FELLOWS.
Augusta, Oct. 21,1871.
i J*1? undersigned will continue the business of the
late linn Of Hunt Fellows, will pay all bills
against, and receive all money one said firm.
GEORGE HUNT.
Oct. 21, ISA._ ocCM-tlw
Trait What Tine has Saaetloaed.
The maxim that the voice of the people is the
voice of the divinity, may in some oases, be open
to doubt, bnt tile testimony of honest and enlight
ened witnesses extending through a scries 61 years,
and all to the same purport, is worthy Of credence,
admits ol no question. Upon such testimony the
reputation of Hostettcr’s Stomach Bitters as an
antidote amt cure for many ailments is based. Dur
ing the twenty years that it has been before the
world, innumerable preparations intended to com
I pete with it, have gone up like rockets, and come
down the extinguished sticks. Meanwhile the pro
gress of that incomparable tonic has been swift
and steady—always upward and onward like the
eagle’s flight. Its introduction produced a revolu
tion in therapeutics, and it proved to be one of
those salutary revolutions that cannot go back
wards. To-day Hostetter’s Bitters is one of the
most popular remediog in Christendom, and com
mands a largetgsale than any other me'licinal prep
aration, domestic or imported, on this side of the
Atlantic. As a cure for dyspepsia, bilious dis
orders, nervous affections, general debility, and as
a preventive of epidemic fevers, it takes precedence
of every other remedy. This fact should teach the
mbttious country dealers who endeavor to foist
their local abortions on the public in its stead, how
futile their small attempts to cajole the community
must necessarily be. Where the game flsh have
failed there is no chance for the “snekers."
OfPICB OP THE AMERICAN WATCH CO. 1
WALTHAM, MAW.. Nwr.. 1AM. f
We have appointed
EDWARD RQWSE
124 WATER STREET, AUGUSTA,
DEALER TB
Watches, Jewelry, Silver Ware,
And SPECTACLES.
SOLD AND SILVER WATCHES
*f jm watcwm jfMorKJftturva
u will enable him to supply any deaand, either at
Wholesale or Retail,
which may be made upon him, and
R ATES AS FAVORABLE
as are offered at our Bales Rooms In
New York or Boaton.
P0R AMBRfOAN WATCH COMPAHV.
R. E. ROBBINS. Treas’r.
Ayer’s Cathartic Pills,
purpoaee of a laxative
Perhaps no one medi
cine ia to universally re
quired by everybody aa
a cathartic, nor vu over
any before to universal
ly adopted Into use. In
every country and among
all masses, a* this mfld
but efficient purgative
PUt. The ebvious rea
eon is, that It tea more re
liable and (Armor* effec
tual remedy then any
other. Those who have
tried it, know that it cured them; those who have
not, know that It core* their neighbor* and friend*,
and all know that what it doe* once it doee always
—that it never foils through any (Auk or neglect of
its composition. We have thousand* upon thou
sands of certificate* of their remarkable cur** of the
following complaint*, hot *neh care* are known ia
every neighborhood, and war —ibllsh them.
Adapted to ail ages and con< climates;
containing neither calomel or_. ms drug,
they may be taken with safety by Their
sugar coating preserve* them
them pleasant to take, while I
no harm can arise from their ptity.
They operate by their on the
internal viscera to purify alat* It
into healthy action—remove the _ of the
stomach, bowels, liver, and oth organ* of the
body, restoring their irregular With, and
by correcting, wherever they derange
ments os are the first origin of
Minute directions are given in wrapper on
the box, for the following compla which these
Pitta rapidly cure:
For-Dyspepsia or IwHgsstl**, Title**
■ess, Imagmer end E*a af Appetite, they
should be token moderately to stimulate the stom
ach and restore Us healthy tone and action.
For Lirrr Complaint and it* various symp
toms, Hilioa* Headache, Sick Headache,
Jjaundice or Green fiitfcn—, Dillon*
Colic and Hilioa* Favors, they should be Ju
diciously taken for each cose, to correct the
action or remove the obstructions which came it.
For Dysentery or Plarrheao. but one mild
dose is generally required.
Fur Dheamatiaa, Goat, Gravol, Palpi,
tailoa of tho Heart, Data ta the hide,
Dack and Colas, they should be continuously
taken, as required, to change the diseased action of
the system. With such change those oomplainia
disappear.
For Dropsy and Dreprtcal dwelling* they
should be taken in large and frequent dose* to pro
duce the effect of a drastic purge.
For Sappremlea a lone dose should be taken
as it produces the desired effect by sympathy.
As a Dinner Pill, take one or two Alb to pro
mote digestion and relieve the stomach.
An occasional doso stimulates the stomach anc
bowels into healthy action, restores the appetite,
nml invigorates the system. Hence It Is often ad
vantageous where no serious derangement exists.
One who fools tolerably well, often finds that a dose
of these Pitta mokes him feel decidedly better, from
their cleansing and renovating effect on the diges
tive apparatus.
DR. J. C. AYER CO., Prmetiaml chemiaia,
LOWELL. MASS., V. 8. A.
For sale in Augusta by E. Fuller yon.
1871. FALL and WINTER. 1871.
Woodman, True Go.,
joatUKum ok
DRY GOODS
—and—
WOOLENS.
Have iu store and are constantly receiving THE
LATEST STYLES in
FORE1GX ami DOMESTIC
DRY GOODS.
in greater variety than ever Uefbre offered to the
TRADE IX MAINE.
Woodman, True A Co..
CORNER MIDDLE PEARL St.,
ff0ffru.ro, .wtr*.
Oman
Tweatff-efffB* Practice.
in the treatment of Diseases incident to Females
has placed PR. DOW at the head of all physicians
j making such practice a specialty, and enables him to
guarantee a speedy and permanent cate from
whatever cause. All letters for advice must con
tain *1. Office, No. P Akuicott ttruffirr, Bostom.
N.B.—Hoard furnished to those ilesfrtn* to reman
under treatment.
Boston, July, 1*71.