NEW YORK.
fields Arrested and Held to
Bail.
weed Uapidly »i>poMlis of Ills
Properly
laity Review of tho General Markets.
pjofUl to The Chicago Tritium.
Simv Touk. Nor. I*.-. Money trai rosy all day.
u.l loaned at to i) p»r tout. ITiuu? bu-,in***s
iijK*i was illmMuul* at 10 to 111 per cent, The
..xoke arc taking paper fn-i.ly.mivr.
TIIK STOCK MARKET
•'io-ed heavy, under sale* to realize the recent
h.»:p advance. A good desl of stock which wn*
1 ughl by csiptluU'd* lu tho panic after tho Chi
.go tin* I- utulng back into the sln-01, the rise
vhf p.-H two wvokf- having given an opiH>rtuul
for sales at a huud-ouu* profit. The de
m price" today ranged from
:to i 3-4. Erie, which was the feature
rti- stock market in the morning, broke
11 aU*nt 1 o'clock, and tell off from 311-2 to
*la a few moments. The parties who v«r%
.-Tiii'’ it up were not able to sustain their plot.
Us.- bottom fell out, hurting some of the oper
badly. The price rallied during the second
rid, mid closed at about at 1-8. Rock Island broke
;;ny i ja-rcent at tho second call, and (tho rn
.»:mlcr on the active list puttered in proportion.
GoveusMKvrs
‘vsuccd thi? afternoon, and closed strong. The
iprov»*Juent was prominent In the long bonds,
vi* and '67* remaining about stationary. The
.■,*rMLi< quotations for P;u*irio Ituilroad securities
v. ii jt> follows; Central gold 1 Kinds, iOJ7-ato
Pnion gold Imnd*. 89; Incomes, 77 1-4; land
77 1-2; sttK'k, 24 3-4 to 24 7-8.
POftKION KXCUASOE
r;.r..>d rtrongwiUi higher quoUlions. Thebu«l
on the basis of 1081-3 to 108 5-S for prime
Kiik.rs' sixty day alerting.
GOLD
'i... tlurtuatcd between 111 6-8 and 111 s-4 for the
hot part of tho day. The loan market was
.1. .'ideally heavy, and the last recorded rate was
iai ofl per cent for carrying. Home of the bor
..-.i»T"tntho market wore badly »>old yesterday
.•iiicmiDU. The operators fora squeeze hi the
to.m rate caused a report to l«? circulated that
th*y -would give It a lively turn tbla morning, but
they did not, although It Is paid Iho agents of one
o! the i»rge-t spoclo report! toriee In the country
nrc prepared to giro tho loan market
e,juf<zo Just ae soon aa they can
th.ir way clear. But little confidence
1* pinch'd in ihe.es reports, however, and
[V r.u attention will be paid to bluff bids for the
01 cold. The government gold sold to-day
.t-,d>tiibuled in small lota ranging from $1,500
The effect upon the market was
k-Sc-.Mir.-ly perceptible, and the price stood Hrin at
1 bid. The market closed at 111 1-2 to 1U 5-8.
*5 ItUKAJ>STDPFB,
jS f>dy a light demand prevailed for flour to-day,
sa„i:i.l price- luid a downward tendency for most
Shippers wore buying cautiously, u*
0 .tiMiibr trade, to supply present wants. At the
g d.w- the market was oaalor for most low and me-
S.d.iUii grades, and irregular for high grades. The
9 *w}ic‘t market was less active, owing to some ad
f vain in freight. The demand was In part fur hi
-1 v.Mment, though mainly for export. At the
I r-'«'Sv the market was easier for spring, and heavy
f. r winter. The demand vu chiefly to complete
24 .v.:ve-s. the speculative domain! having abated.
opem-d lc higher, with a limited demand.
}tj3.;<JirhoUlern yielded, and u better demand pro
'-'i-wtjh-u ter eil-'tT and tbo trade.
[To tlie Associated Press.]
Thoms* P. Fields was arrested to-day, and gavi
Knl sn r.so.odo.
THE TAM.MATCV ERAim*.
A* a meeting of the Aldermen
Tumi of th)‘ comndtt)-e that btsly app"lutt*d
.0 art with the Siijmrvlsor* and citizen*
:ii tin* investigutiou of fnmd* In the eity ao-ount*
Mated that said coinmittet) had retadV)-)!, the r»?-
Mirt of the citizens, which ha* In*)*u nuldished,
Imithosaul Aldermanlo C4iiuinittco believed the
corporate authorities should taka* emue mare de
attiou ujk>q Mieh Hurtling devehipment*
than the mere publication. The committee are
fon-lderijugwhut action It i* pr»ia*r for thorn to
Like.
iinooKiA S ei.kctios rmna,
nieronimitpH- api>oint(Hl at He* Brooklyn meet
i*i r t his niontii.c liav)- issued n call for a mass
>3 .»i. .-tineof taxpayers in flu* Acad'Miiy of Made
nlulit. to express at tin*
ijj, fitttiilK tiilruvil to hJiVc hccn perpetrated Oil
\Mayor KalMlcdscli will preside.
HKTITUS* SUSMSfj.
>ij, s<v»ralreturn* iroin district* in live wards of
j.-}’ mi*dD>r
tTi-i-i, for Irvin*:, has applied to
T Woodnitl'tor a writ of habeas mr/mx. con
-•■laitinr Unit l»av* ui*orra action Is unlawful. An
it fannied directing tl»o Attorney <;en
-2 id fluiw cause why the writ uliouM not la?
J .yj.mt.sl
rwj-.ro A«Ar».
•Twi-ed has net re-agoe I. and will not. He -whs
nt tiiW uticniiMin. and wun called upon
t v m.iny friend-. lie will take bis seat in the
at tin- owning day. O'lmnovan
la*—.a will, however, coiiUtd tin* seat on the
uini ill* gal voting and false canvastlug, to
*.t«a which lai i- -*llsll to liavo plenty of wltheas
t-.
otiikr roNTKSTKti sk vis.
M. Mahon, Ilefonner. will contest Hlnlr’s seat
in Uii-Assembly, and Kilian will contosi Frear’s.
tIALI.TO HKMIIN,
h i* rumored thi» evening that Mayor Hallin
jm|« to n sign lieforc the organization of the now
;u..ii,- ipal Wards.
KKTsKn'H Wrur.RF.AUOrTS.
.Tot'ti U. Kcyserisbelieved to Ik* In Florida or
fa.,ilinas for hiri health. His partner says a
I; tie property at Aiken. B. C.. was bought by
a.-: mt months ago, with the Intention of estub
i -Mug a hospital for Northern invalids.
•nicral Sherman and staff will Is* here on Sal
day. to take pa-sage on the frignte Wabash.
JITtKiMUNT ItKVCUSKb.
Tin* general term of the Supreme Court lias
t*-.. rsed the Judgment giving Captain .Samuels
S' i«H* for an alleged lUk-I by the Krtnimj Vo*t.
WILL RECOVER.
all the llremru injured !>y ibo Tenth avenue din
"ter will recover,
i ARREST OP A POROKIL
Theodore It. Itauson. leader of the pine of
iH.jiniy sind hark-p.iv ehiim forgers, was arrested
la ic hist euning. il»' states that he manipulated
i..rc» d claims on the government amounting to
nie headquarters have lately* been iu
v iueago.
A FAUXRR.
The Stox ctatf that Ibo building of th«' Viaduct
I :;.il wa\. oav «f the Tammany la uidolluiuly
THE TAMMaXT IllSfi.
General Barlow, tlm newly-elected Attorney
funeral of the State, saya criminal proeei*dlngs
s\ iii| immediately commenced against everj*
.i,;,u implicated In the olty frauds. Ho Bays,
fmbev. that wo can now tmtdly rltl ourselves of
uitl ho curmpt-ottula's. The Mayor, the Commla
►‘..ntirß of tu«* different municipal bureaus, the
.Midges it! the cltv inferior courts, and Judges of
ii»* higher court**, will be reached by Impeach-
A now city charter will bo framed, and a
mw election will* l*o ordorwL
GOOD KKFUCT
iieputr Comptroller Green statodthat the re
w.A Of tUe election Is already fell in the improved
priv c of the city bonds, and ho will now havcuo
trouble in raising any amount of money.
sioun.
l; is Mated that Slgol will make O’Douovan
Deputy Register.
A HAM MBETOtO
~f YonngMen*s Municipal Kefortu Association
w ill Is- hold next week at tuo Cooi»er Institute.
reusoNAU
i i.-n.-ral Bank* and family arrived from Europe
D-day.
AIIOIT H(MW TWEED.
Tweed, when intorvlowtsl yesterday,said thnt
w;«« not prepared to answer any questions us
nnkxl his reported resign dhm; but it ts pretty
min that the report la untrue. Tweed *aH Hie
-n wt success in tho Kcforui party took him com
j :.-f.lybysuri rl'*v. Ho was totally unprepared
Twt-edV counsel Mated yesterday that he would
mnV the trial of the charges aguiuM Tammany.
Deform CVumiitU** had no reason to wish for
rhe* TWtane “Tweed has been rapidly
Transferring bis property toother hand**. A few
«in\s ago hesold anolher piece of valuable prop
..,iv u'bicli oust J-i'O.uoo, to his son. He has also
'.•••.‘u selling Ids stock in various railway and
tulo-rvoiiipuuies m most in*tnuo««sut u Kicritlce.
Me no hmgiT Ilmiras as I.lnn-tor of the Third
.Axetnie icailiei.d. His name was dropped for the
-.-:wn itint he has lately sold all his Mock In that
me. He held, at the time when Mr. O’Cmmr
the suit against him. seven hundred sliarcs
in Metropolitan (Jhs stock, worth aisml
lie ordered Its Immediate sale
r the slut N-jran, and though the then rale was
tv.", he forced :t «»u the market, and disposed of
*t ter about He Is reported to have attempt
to sell bis lease of the Metropolitan Hotel.”
TUK I*i:ms||MßNT "V TAMMANY
•liarle* O’Onor bays that the ls*gislntnre
vhcnid at «m*e proceed to erase from the statute
i-H.k the nefarious laws that gave so much |N«wer
n,e raM’als who had po nearly ruined the credit
of the cltv. through their mL-govcrninem. The
a-miuVt thcriligofHe.hib* should not be allowed
languish. although Uiey would not be
p*.•»<*■*( quite bo hastily «R heretofore. It
had la-en the object of the
l.i.weuiion to place evidenee before
i,u- m «o>)e. lu order that It might be properly eon*
b .1. red iM-fon* the election, and thup give honest
t ;!i7i «s ;,n optkjriunily of turning nut of ofllcethe
s-...iiadn*l- who had NO long defrauded the city,
•nt tin- suits would proceed, us there was no m
ntiou ol allowing them to restore, or to relieve
l.- witftie- from the legal kwh which they hj rich
dl-scrve.
ivorn«>t.L
i• nn t.M f o New York Monday night. He had
a m l en-taal communication with his friends.
u um .-uri.iiii rtiuiiiiuuiuuitiii uu in- ii
;.**-ei(aim<l that the limitation of the order
f**i- his arrest, -which Lad Ihv« granted against
to. had expired <>u Saturday, On Tuesday he
•I*jK-Med ut the |*o]ls m the Nineteenth
'y vi>t«-*l the Tammuny ticket, and returned
\*-*t*-idsy. He »*jjt a messenger to the SherilPs
•:i*i c v iiii the hdorr.iatlou that he awaited his up*
r. -i with considerable impatience. and had gen*
I'* aieii in rvaditiess to sign Ikiikls for his release.
Ui- ani -t emmet be effected until a new order be
g; .iuitil, ami iiiis, win probably be done to-day.
‘'M.U.WOX.*
At a m.-eiiug of the Hoard of Health, vesterdar,
tl.erejs.rt ot the fit.' Sanitary luipeeinr slewed
nn •mr.-.i-s-ei fo.irtcon cubes of smallpox la the
V..V ending >oaember i. The mutter waste
I nil to the Si Viet m-nklou.
Tin- v**<** lots at liieotUccoi the B’fniiJ*
t i.i tom' aid of the Miller, r*. Jmt:, pr.en..
mu n: la*VC reached«V.;-.3V
ARIZONA-
ID-Jrgnir nrfemihk Kxprrwn Hi- Opin
ion <if the Bit) M«m.
W V'Jttvctov, Nor. 9.—Delegate Mefh nnl.-k, of
/..j.a who b;*.. l*i*rn in eonsUlLitJoa diuing ttie
C*i.k vpu iTi.si.’vut Grunt, General tjlnjrman.
nml the* Pecrctarv of War and Secretary of
the Interior, I*. umlcretcod to say that
the new programme for the control of the Indians
in Annum win lie lory to bis conMltucuts
il Mrletlv ndhensl *n. mnl General Crook I* de
tained in JiU dc.tVug* with hostile Indian*.
The Filth Cavalry h* ordered to Arizona
to relievo the Thin! and will
proc»*ed there at once. McCormick has
protested ugaln*t certain act* of Vincent Culver
during hie visit to Arizona, anil says that they
were not authorized ami an* not approved by the
|*rt-«odent. Iledeiih*** that then* wan any pur
pose on the part of his* constituent* to mNuse Col
ver, and *avs they do not wish for war
'measure* an hour longer than necessary to
convince the Apaches that they must cease their
robberli** and murders. The Arizonians object,
however, to the assertion* that them* Indian*. us
a elrs*. an* honest and peaceably disposed, or
iter hu'c i eon.
THE EJECTIONS,
Additional Returns from (lie
Several Slates.
Jcvlikt. 111., Nov. 9.—Mr. SuappV majority In
Ibis county, for Congress, in the sixth Disirle:, is
about I.uai. General ifeverldgu’* maiorlty I
nlioat the Mime, finapii will not have b-«s than
5.000 majority In the district. He carrie* every
county in the district. I>r. Daggett, fur Senator
iu this ilifiricl. ha* carried every county except
Kankakee.
Galesburg. 111.. Nov. 9.—General Beveridge's
majority in Knox County is about 1.200.
Lincoln. 111.. Nov. a.—The election on Tuesday
for count v aflb-er* was not u party Issue. It was
luind aud'anlMsuid vote, in record to Issuing
Saro,ooo In count v bonds to tho Pekin. Lincoln A
Decatur Railroad Company, the bond candidate
heJngcbosouby an overwhelming majority, which
shows that the jieople are in favor of the bonds,
and that U was not strictly a party flght-
Walkegan.llL.Nov.9.—Lake County cast a very
light vote. Beveridge receive* 7*),; liuyi«s. 228.
and Nichols, the Prohibition candidate for Con
gressman, luo. C. A Partridge, Republican can
didate for Countv Treasurer, receives 862 votes;
Jewell, Democratic and Prohibition candidate.
206; 11. IVhituev, Republican candidate for Sur
veyor. 831; Graves, Democratic and Prohibition
candidate, trad. _
SiBLNtiriKLD. Til.. Nov. o.—Pull return* of tho
election In tbl* county wero not r»*celred until to
day, and give Rakcr/Demoornt, for County Treas
urer, C 2 majority over Hhoup. This Is u groat
falling off of the whole Democratic majority fin
thlstoomity. which generally foola up too orsoo.
Haves, Democratic candidate for Cougressman
ut-l-arge, Las 150.
Tlie Slate l!cgi*(er, In an editorial this evening,
complain* bitterly of the discontent of some Dem
ocrat*, the sullenne** of others, and the apathy
of still others, and. as usual, compliments the
lilsh on Miefeiug to the party.
Jacksonville. IU.. Nov. o—'The following U the
ofliclal vote of Morgan County; For Congros-
Hayes. 2.02Q Beveridge. 1,9*8;
Hayes’ maiurity, Itl. a Republican gain of iso on
the vote of 1871. Wright, Democrat, for Assessor
and Treasurer, is elected by 190 imdorlty, and
I-ewi". Democrat, for Bnrvcj'or, U elected by 7
majority.
fir. Part. Mlnu.. Nov. 9—Partial retumsfrom
HO comities so far in, giro Austin a imOority of
fij-ac. The portion* of the State yet to l>e heard
from are Republican, and will reduro the minor
ity considerably. Austin ron.-lves u m.\jority of
fd luSr. Paul city, running nearly 800 ahead of
his ticket.
Mii-warKEE. Nov. 9.—judging from returns
from various parts of the State*.tints fur received,
the majority fur General Washburnc, Uepuhllcaii,
liirWnvmior. will bp about lo.two. Both lum***
ot the Legiolalurc arc no doubt largely Republi
can.
>‘nv York. Not. y.—Tbo World shvh: “The
Republic au majority in the Stuta vrUllvofrmu
to 17.000 ,and-the Legislature will bo two
thirds Republican in Imth houses.”
Hull. Tammany Democrat, in the First Assem
bly District, is defeat«-)l by Whltbeck, Democratic
P.efuniuT and Republican.
The complete vole lor Aldermen In this city
stands: Tammany, 47,301; anti-Tamm »uy, 72.332.
IlfiKAl-o, N. Y., No>. y.—The olllcial count
shows that James Sheldon, Republican, has been
elected Judge of the Superior Court Instead of
Georgn Wadsworth, Republican, a* has been re
]Htrted. Sheldon leads Wad-worth five votes.
Uverge Cimton, Democratic Judge cluctod to
t he SnjK-rior Court, run over :ioy ahead of all com
petiturb.
RinnjoNn, Va., Nor. a.—Tl»‘ election returns
indicate that the House of Delegate* will lie of
alHiut lhc sinue political complexion as Dm lust,
which was two third* conservative. Tlie Kt*-
publicans have probably gained ouo or two
Senator*.
pwlar.the Chair-
liOtnmy. Nov. o.—a swindler named Charles
J. Whittington, of No. 34 John street. New York,
Jin* IteeiiH-ndlug circulars here, offering counter
feit note* on the Bank of England at low rates.
Tlie Police Magi*lnitealmve lelcgraphodthe facts
to the New York police. The Tit/te* (wposcn the
tact* this morning. Whitrlngton Is doubtless one
of tin* "saw-dust” swindlers.
Lonimis. Xov. I>. C a. m.—The Times, In n le-id'T
on the* election in New Vork, hjij,* it rejoice in
tin* defeat of Tammany, and couErutulate* the
lector* on the result, and lu>jh.*h an example will
1m- made of tin* iin*ii fniiltr of corrupt practices
Tlk* Ciiirairo roller faun, at the Matialou Jlmtjp.
OOt» Up i)47,r<)o.
A Imilcr exploded on the i»u*«mer Geuil. Five
U'i-1 weiehnKd and nine injured.
-Sapohsm visited the military acadamv at
yc*tcrihiy. aud ln*t*ected the cidel.i.
JiOMMiN. Sov. —The livitlvltied or the Ixird
MayorVdav clo*cd with the usial bautptet aiveii
hy the Lout Mayor at Guildhall, which v:w at-.
leaded by a brilliant company of Ministers.
Mcmbets of I'ailiatncnt, Ambassador*, ntnl
oilier cll-iimruifliisl person*. Among tho
guests were Gladstone, anil several mem
tiers of the Cabinet, and Scheuck,
American Minieter. Tin* to.i*t to tbo diplomatic
corps. which was fully repreneitted, was r**sj»oml
ed to by Mr. Scheuck, who, in tbo conrso of bid
remarks, made a grateful and fooling allusion to
the sympathy exhibited toward the people of
Chicago in their great calamity, ilia speech was
loudly and signitleantly applauded.
Glad-lone, replying to Her Majesty's Govem
tneul. said he was thankful tollable to statethat
at the present moment England had actually m>
quarrel, feud, or controversy with a foreign
power anywhere on the. surface of the
globe. England's place In Europe was
that of one among many sisters. Insepara
ble from the European family; but
he was glad that her peculiar position removed
her from the ri-k- of European dissensions. IVaco
was m*rer so certain as now. He Imlieved that
the M-utiments of friendship and attachment
which have been expressed by tho Minister of the
United Stales on the part of the American
l*eop!e for their brothers In Groat
Britain were universally felt in the breasts,of
both nations, When,” saki Gladstone, with much
earnestness. the American Minister spoke of re
lief for Chicago, the heart of this great hall an
swered him. America bus been equally
rendv to pour out her treasure for our
relle'f.’‘J Prolonged cheering] “The treaty of Wash
ington. he continued, “not only obviated future
Controversies; it was an extension of that inter
national code, which was tho most remuikabK*
triumph of modem civilization, and
might pomdbly inaugurate jveneeful
arbitraments of all dispute's among nations.”
The rtvmier concluded by declaring that Eng
land hud little to fear from Internal troubles, and
that llte International Society, a smirrc of much
apprehension to her neighlKirs, caused no uneasi
ness here.
Baths. Nov. 9. —A terrible explosion occurred In
the coni wine near Ktienne. while the trunks were
at work. None of the men have yet been r»‘oov
eml alive. Twenty-two iKxlii-s have been taken
out. und thirty tulnem are still In the pit, allot
whom are suppos'd to In' dead. The explosion
was causinl bv fin-damp.
In the General Council of F.ure, yesterday. the
Minister Fouyer Quertier, said that Thiers, who
hud been opposed to making military service ob
ligatory was beginning to yield before the neccs
sitv or such a measure, to brine the army up t)
the proper standard of efficiency.
The General Councils of the departments
throughout the country are considering the sub
ject of compulsory education: several have al
iondv adopted the system, and many have de
clared In favor of It, and there Is good reason to
Udicve that all will eventually accept and carry
It into pi a\ tical operation.
Bert.in. Nov.l l .—Extensive strike® areannounc
<*das taking place nt Klbiug, an important port
of EiiMern Prussia, noted for Its manufactures.
esiH'dallv lis sugar rellneries, woollen uud other
factories* wherein steam power hi extensively
used
Zrturn, Nov. 9.—Tlie degree of Doctor of Mcxll
cine has tn>eu eonferrtHl upon Miss DUnlok, an
American lad\. by the university of this city. 3he
had coinplet<Hi Ikt sluilll‘B In tho medical school
attached to the university.
M.U'Rin. Nov. 9 —A political league against the
International Socictv is in course of formation
here. It Im-ludee in its programme, opposition to
the schemes ef the Cuban insurgents.
Vikvna, Nov. P,—Count Andreawy has accepted
the iK»lt(nii of Minister of Foreign Allai/s, rice
Count Von linear.
The Indictment for Harder Again*! Well
nnd Hickman—Hitting Litifation.
Halt L.vkk. Nov. 9.—Notwithstanding the grand
jury and officer* of the rotirt have kept their
eecrel- wonderfully well. It is now ascertained
that the Indictments against the agents of Brig*
hum Young, Mayor Wells, and Hosea
Stout, for murder were uot foimd upon
the sole testimony of Bill Hickman. the so-called
destioying angel. It is known that on the trial
witnesses will la* produced lor the prosecution
not implicated in On* charge at all, wuo It Is said
will testily about all that Hickman has sworn to,
and porhap* more.
The pical topic iu mining circles
continues to be the suits of the
Knrcka Company v«. Aspinwall and others, at
Provo. The cltlel mines in litigation art* the King
David and May Henrietta, both very rich, if not
the richest in the Territory. They are la the
Tmtlc Mining District.
General Augur left, to-day. for Washington to
report to President Grant on the situation In
Large amounts of silver bullion are received
dailvfmtu the Wvdlsirirt. Fhlpmeutsof base bul
lion and ore are extrcmelr light. The Ogdenpre-m
culm, on the practical test of Cornwall exerts
and practical miners. Unit the tin discoveries at
that place are 6omi tide, and nothing exagger
ated.
War Brpnrlnirnt Wrnthfr Report*
Nov. 9.—Tlie low barmnct<-r In
I’-Mnels v.HI probably move eastward t«»
I tic on l-'i idav. Fa-terlv wind-** w ill continue on
1 like f- it-f can. backing to the northwest and iu
rt-jn-ieg I*»rthwf«Mt winds on l-ik«* Krio. ve**riui. r
t.» tb»* PunU'wi-st, Fonthweat wdnda with rain
*n m Georils find Virginia. C*»ld natihwest winds
and ileailag wc-llioc west of Alabama nnd till
ors. j nsterly winds with threatening weather
S" Nqw I'tiglond.
Co-* onatv ordered for the southern
10-tloucf la.k«‘liiivJ.lgn>. and tsikeKrlc,
ILLINOIS.
mNNESOTA.
WISCONSIN,
NEW YORK.
VIRGINIA.
FOREIGN.
Ciicai Britain.
France,
Germany.
ftwltKcrland.
Mpaln.
Anuria.
UTAH.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1871.
WASHINGTON.
Another Dor Political Departure
Dinted at.
Democratic Proposition to Coal
esce with Original Black
Republicans.
The Concentrated Nogro Vole
the Great Object to be
Gained*
PpschU Prspatoli to Tin* Cliicayo Tribun*.
Washington. Nov. y.—Thi* Patriot, organ- of
the Democratic Congressional Committee, this
morning, ha* an opening editorial in favor of u
proposition that the Democracy shall unite In
sup|*ort of a conservative Republican ticket, and
promises further utteution to the matter. Tills
course is understood to have been taken after full
dclilienitlon with many leading Democrat*. Tho
Patriot indicates that it will support a movement
so moderate ns to secure the co-operation of such
Republicans as Senator Sumner, and says:
“The Senator from Massachusetts would bring
with him a furcu which would command groat
power. The concentration of the negro vote Is
tho great weapon on which tho Centralist* and
their candidate rely, and Mr. Sumner, and per
haps one other eminent man, whose name In this
connection till his own views are more
expressed, wo hesitate oven distantly to refer,
are they who, of all others, con
wrench that weapon from their hand.
Nor could Mr. Sumner better supplement
Ms life of devotion to the emancipated nice than
by rescuing them from the new thraldom In which
they are plunged—the fruit of fear within and
falsehood without- Froudmen would have no fear
from any movement in which men like Mr. Sum
ner co-operated, and Instead of being moved in
masses us they are now. would find themselves us
Independent as white man, tree to act and think
for themselves.”
MARTtASo rounca.
The Baltimore Amcrican'la a careful review of
the political situation In Maryland, saya:
‘•ln taking a survey of the field after the con
test is over, we think that wo are not over-san
gulno when we say that by vigorous and deter
mined effort* Maryland can bo carried for Gen
eral Grant In 1872. There are silent influences
at work changing mens’ mind*, giving them
larger and broader views, destroy
ing prejudices, developing new hones
and new possibilities. and filling
up the ranks of the army of liberty and progress
so rapidly that neither cho registry, law nor the
t« n tnonsand Southern voters in Baltimore city
will be able to prevent Us complete and perfect
triumph.”
BELAKO.
Secretary pelano has authorized aereral of hla
friend* to deny In the iuo-t emphatic term* that
he 1h a candidate for Senator in Ohio. Theae
friend* declare that tbo«e representing Idm as a
candidate sjieak without any authority.
COLD WATER IS THE RIGHT PLACE.
At least half a dozen candidates fur the petition
of I*idled Stales Marshal in Eastern Pennsylvania
arrived here from home after General Gregory
died. Tin* President threw cold water on the
whole party by telling them that he thought he
would nut make an appointment till after the
funeral.
nin.LncK's case.
The statement of Governor Bullock that bo re
signed to avoid Impeachment is not credited here,
lurause the Constitution of Georgia gives the
House of Representative* power to Impeach those
in office ua well r*t» all penman who hare been in
cilice.
the msnticr I>EIiT.
According to a report submitted to the Legisla
ture of the District to-day. the old debt of the city
government is over three millions. Tbo new gov
ernment has Im-reased this almut two million-,
and, after the vote cm the proposed loan, about
eight millions more will be added.
(To the Associated Prww.]
NEXT year’s ESTIMATES.
TVASinNT.TON. D. C.. Nov. y.—The Trensttrr De
partment has commenced the preparation of esti
mates lor the next tl-cal year.
AVI'OINTMESP*.
Tlie President ha* api»))iuted William Wallace
ostnu»*t)THt Battle Cnn-k, Mich.
General ripaulding ha* Im*cu appointed Special
Treasury Agent at Detroit, rice Edward La fa
vour, wl»» hu* tHv n transferred to the position of
AppruisiT of Mt-rehandisc at that j*ost.
l-tm,M»El.rUl.\ coveksment ornens.
Tliero is n llv< ly contest for the vacant in
rhlhulelphla caused by the death of United
HtntcD Marabnl Gregory, and the transfer of Col
lector Hlekels, of titc Fourth WAtrlct.
to be Pension Agent in place of Porin'*,
and the resignation by the Mayor elect.
Sfekeley, of tin* Asse**or*hip In tuc Second
D:tfrlct. A nundior of Philadelphia politicking
ha\r arrived to urge tire claimant their respect
ive favoritr*. but the Prodden} hn* taken no ae
tioij In tbo niattvr. Tin- consolidation of the Sec
ond and Fonrth Revenue District* 1* talked of.
with the Collector of the Second and Assessor of
tlio Fourth In flmrgp. I>. W. C. Boxtor utid J. N.
Kurron nre miJi! to bo prominent opplicaula for
General Gregory’* intuition.
hxinois.
Romoral of Public Ofllcew Dfcidf4 upon—
Dnplicnte CoMinimiom limed to N»ia>
ricN Public*
Bpedml Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Si'RiscriKLD, Nov. 9.—Tbo meeting of both
bodies of tbo General Assembly in tbo old State
House will compel the Supreme Court to vacate
its old quarters In the State House. It is under
stood Unit a tine suite of rooms will be pro pored
for ilioni In Black's Building, on Filth street. Tbo
putting In of steam-heating apparatus in the
State lions? "will compel the Auditor to move hl«
office to tbo rcoui of the Supreme Court and law
library, and bis old office will be used by the Seo
retarv of Slate for library purposes, and for the
det>osit of valuable books now in llie basement.
The Secretary of Stato has Issued dnplirnte
commissions to nearly one hnmlrM Notaries Pub
lic who lost their commissions in the great tire in
Chicago.
CALIFORNIA.
Thf l<o* AngdM nnmmrre—Charge lo the
Ornad Jol7—Kirh (Sold DiMorrriw.
San Francisco, 2for. 9.—Judge Scpulrodu do*
livered nn impressive eharge to the grandlury at
Lon Angelo* 10-tluv, urging thorn to avoid preju
dice sind sustain tue cause of law. order, and mo
rality, bj* Indicting llio ivrpetrators of the atro
cious tmtoriicro of the Cfdneee.
The remains of the wife and child of RucloOtln,
alias Pyhum. the desperado, shot near San Hafaol.
I<ower California, hy the Sheriff of Loh Angelo*,
sumo mouths cinc<x|wero found near Guadaloupe
Kaueho. It IsoupiMMod that the woman became
insane and wandered away and died..
There is great excitement near Vesstlia over
the ’discovery of numerous rich- gold quartz
led gee.
SOOTH CAHOLR&L
Arrests ef Kn>Klnx-Dloe<l«hrdExpected.
NEtv York. Nov. 9.—A Columbia (S. C.) despatch
to the Hero Id Mutes that several arrests have
been made at Union Court House by the United
{states Marshal, and more are being made.
The JfsniWV despatch says that the feeling Is
very bitter, and If bloodshed ensue, it would nut
be surprising.,
Washington, Nov. 9.—A letter from Spartans
burg. South Carolina, says: Last Friday night
squads of cnvulrv rodo out in. the direction of
Limestone Springs, and returned, with eleven Ku.-
Klux prisoner*. Thus far, all who oould give
good bonds have l>eon admitted to ball and are
muting preparations for their trials.”
Telegraphic BLrevitiee*
At Fort Wayne, yeoterdav, the boiler in the
blacksmith shop of the Fori t\ ayne Road explod
ed. Injuring six workmen, two of whom aro ser
iously but not fatally hurt. The walla of the
building were blown down, and the machinery
»nd liiMde of the building* damaged to a consid
erable extent. There is no cause known for the
explosion.
—The Jarvis collection of Italian paintings in
New Haven was sold at auction yesterday. It
was bought by Yale College for $2-2.000.
—The cotton dealers of St. Louis met yesterday
to consider the project of fanning a Coiron Ajsw
ciatlon. for the purpose of inducing planters to
send their coUcu here f«r sale, as wall as buyers
from the East uud Europe, to couk* and purchase,
and to make that city a large cotton market, A
committee wusuppotuted to tlruft articles of asso
ciation. and n'jH»rt a I an adjourned meeting on
i\'tilnesd«2 next. _
The L.ulhcrnn'*.
HornitMKii, N. Y„ Nov. 9. —George IT. ftoeUer,
of New York, and Thomfis U. Lane, of Pittsburgh,
were to-day elected lu addition to the Trustee*
under the provisions ol the charter of the lrener.il
Council of the Lutheran Church. The rebuilding
of the Church of Mercy in Chicago wuo committed
to the care of Lutheran Mission and Church K\-
tension Society. Tlie establishment of a theoloci
t-iil ntuiimry iu Chicago wub postponed until next
*Xhen ext potion of the Council will lie held at
Aknm. 0., commencing the Itrul Thuradtiy iu No
\ember, ls“2.
The Hunitoba Fenian*,
rtvciNSATi.Nov. ?•—A St. Paul (Minn.) special
to the Vhronieit save: "United States Commit
sinner Spencer Ims discharge*! the Fenian Gen
eral- O’Neil au«l Curley, on the ground that
although their offence was clearly established, no
proof was added that their expedition was organ
ized in Minnesota.”
Bunk Babbery.
T esr-vii ir. Wis.. Nov. 9.—The Bank of Genera,
at Geneva l-ike. Wis., was enteredl by burglars
about 4 o’clock this morning, and robi»ed of about
s•>-. uo. it is supposed that two men were en
gaged in the rebUTV. but they escaped.
Another Insurance Company Unspended.
CU-vriAVP. 0.. N«v. P.— The Cleveland Ins«r
ance Coin pan v him pme into liquidaliou. M-e-
Youugloxc has been appointed Keceivcr.
Chicago l.nxr l.lbrnry—Action of the Bar
of l.cc County, 111*
inxuN, m., Nov. 4.
To the rdilor of The Chicago Tribune
Bin: A meeting of the bar of Lee County was
held at Duvcn. OctoU*r»». for the of tak
ing net ion on th«* question of aiding the bar of
Chicago in rc-t-Maldishlngthe hiwllbniry in that
t-H\. Tlie Hou, W. W. Heaton was called to the
chair, and Mr. 11. Williams chosen Secretary.
Alter a of the tuatler. Messrs. W tj
-lia in Barue. .Tarn**#* K. K.lsall, and B- 1I» Trtmilell
wi re ansumed a coumiittiv m rojawt a plan for
the «-ortnbutiug toairt the bur iu Chicago lae»t*»b*
lifhing a law library.
At an adjourned mooting, held Novetniwr 1,
the eomu lttis* pn-M-nt*-*! following report:
The cr*mmltt«’«pp*>inUd on Frlilay of last weekt by
tills bar, to rcjiort somo plan for Uio rollof of onr
t<n*tbreu in Chicago, would rcspeclfolly rocomraehd:
That all who feel dl>j>oM*l to nlu them snouht sign the
Accompau) lag aubncrlplioa, and ihenon ili-.-igna:.- the
arieunt Uipt art* wllltcg to give for the pnrpoM* there
in expip"*«ii; nml Ciat siu h sabscriptiotiH be then
plant) in tin* hMltd* of n romm'.U« e ol turn, to be -ftK-vt
«M»y this mrotlng; that it shall be made the duly of
muli roßiutlttei* to cnrrt*e]*eiid with tliu Hen. John M.
Wilson, of Chicago, and with such other persons or
cotuinltlr**" i-ncagi’ii la lhl» catx»« a* he may deem ad
vlnsble. Thai It hliu.ll Ik* hi" dory to roUeelundln*cwvo
the amount of such subscription, and see that tin* same
bhall be applied to the object fur which It is given.
11. 11. TUfsbKI.U
wn.u.Mt Baui.k, Committee.
J.vilta K. RDS.UX.)
Nov. 1, PCI.
The allow* report was adopted, and the Hon.
John V. Kiu-tac** wac iipi«iloi**d "Uch •*onimiit* e,
and prepared the sutiscripllou list, wlncn Is
nowin circulation and 1* In-lug morally "Igued.
M. H. Williams, rf* crotary.
LAND TITLES,
Another Letter From Judge Cary.
T> th« Editor of She Chicago' Tribune:
Sir The lm|*ortancc of the subject mu*t be my
apology for m little more ujxm hind tltlw. Ail
conctsle that the action of u court, upon notice to
all parties uu* rc‘*t«sl. 1* u»*****ssnry t** establish
conclusiw'lv a title, under vxUlug clroumstauce-.
Few seem t*i approciate the d«nta*r tlwt. if siirli
notici* I** short, and only by publication, where
uctuni uolicr is po—iblc. rogues will perpetrate
fraud* and Meal land*. Also, the fact "vetua to be
overlooked that th** public Interests require not so
much prima facie titles in present possessors, s»H
conclusive title-uiMiu which capital from abroad
may Ik? attracted here, to lie un*d In tn»*h; and Im
provement. Caution* moneyed inou will not pay
and build, or lend ujkiu prima facie titles.
Again, the consequeius** of making abstract
lKK)ks evidence. U It can b« done, worn not to Imye
itoen much considered. Abstracts, when full,
never showed tho contents of certificates of
acknowledgments, or the mode in which tho
process was served (upon which jurisdiction de
pends). when a title accrued under u Judicial
proceeding. Perhajis tho letter Is not *o im
iiotntut. Os JnriMliction might be presumed. But.
a* to acknowledgment*, a very largo portion of
the prownvof tbecltvhas passed through the
hands of married men, many of whom are dead,
leaving widows. Much of it h*** been
owned and conveyed by married women,
their husbands Joining in tho deeds
If the books am made evidence title,
is brought Into these dead men, or married
women, and as the women cannot.be cut Off from
the claims but by proving a deed properly ac
knovUdgeil, very many most unjust claims can
not be successfully resisted. The Legislature
cannot compel those women to abandon tholr
claims without proof that they have voluntarily
relinquished them. And again, these books will
show delects in tho chain of title of many per
sons who have been In possession and paid taxes
for many years, whereby their titles had become
secure; but now tux-books and lux-receipts are
gone. How many have always personally paid
their taxes and can now remember each pay
ment; or can bv any means establish the fact I
Shall the last man to ‘whom these book* bring the
Government title now come and turn out the
present possessor I Joseph B. Oaet.
Chicago, Nov. 9.
mscELLAXKOVB.
Dlckcn«’ Fngln i» outdone by a rascal whom the
Cincinnati j»olic« have just discovered. Among
other proof ofhis guilt there wero found in his
house books for the ImdrucUon of novice* la the
art «f burglary.
—The gypsies have a Parliament" which
moots once in every seven years, with delegates
frem all the countries m Kurope. There nre no
real pjpMcsln this country; but In Bpaiuthere
are 40.000, in England 10,000, in Austria 97.000, and
in. Moldavia and WulluclUa 200,000. Their next
Parliament convenes soon at Cruuetadt, Ger
many, and the inhabitants are already taking pre
caution* for the protection of their spoons and
other light valuables.
—The revenues of New Zealand show a dellcit
of £76,000. Increased taxes and economy in pub
lic expenditures are proposed to meet the case.
—The California Male Prison la tilled to reple
tion. and the California papers arc urging the erec
tlou of a brunch prison.
—A. 11. Shepherd, u boarder at the Central Ho
tel. M< niphis. committed suicide oulhocth by
taking morphine. Cause, whiskey.
—E. T. Bugbee. of Bethel, Vt, has made a dis
covery In tunning leather, which he claims will
revolutionize the business. The material ho uso»
is ti dye from forest leaves. lie ha* been experi
menting with leaves fur the pant two mouths, and
the result Is entirely satisfactory. One ton of
loaves will tan us lunch leather a* live cords of
‘inloek bark, and win do the work m one-half,
i.< time. By mixiugihc leave* and bark in equal
loportUms, oue-fuiirth of thn time Is saved. The
at her tunned by this process Is smoother, mure
tiexlble, and yet retains the strength of the raw
hide in a greater degree than thut tauuud by
bark.
—The coldness of the weather at this time of the
year Is unprecedented in Eastern Maine. Boy a
ure skatlngupon the ponds near Belfast
—frays the Ism Angeles Daily Xfirs, n}>ropus of
the lute massacre: “There is one thing in con
ueetlon with one of the lynched Chinamen which
is altogether unaccountable. Of tho eighteen
bodies, seventeen were claimed by their friends
and Interred by them with all the regular formula
(>f a Chinese funeral: bul the solitary exception
wns altogether abandoned. None of the Chinese
would have anything to do with him. Even after
he whs interred, they declined to offer to his de
parted spirit that tribnte which it Is customary to
pny. viz., placing rice, burning tapers, etc., on
the grave. Four of these unfortunates had their
pigtails cut off. consequently the loss of it could
not have lK*en the reason why they Ignored him.”
—Canada has had several severe tires of late;
among them, one at St. Catharines, on the 6th.
burning several livery staNes—loss, #12.000; one
at Perth, burning several stables and small shops
—lcn*s, #3,nuo; and one at London, which destroy Ml
Mooreheod’s furniture factory, iuvolvlng a loss of
#sß,ooo, and throwing 100 men out of employment
-Eighty-three veterans of tho war of 1012 re
cently celebrated the battle of the Thames, at
Lexington, Ky. The oldest cx-worrlor was 92
and tho youngest 74.
—gome weeks ago an article appeared In the
newspapers stating that nil patent* Issued by the
United Slates Patent OlHco between the Blh of
January, 1870, and the Ist of July, 1871,. wore null
and void, by reason of Informality In the patent
head, in consequence of which a Hood of letters,
making inquiries respecting the mutter, have
poured in upon the Patent Olllcc, The law in
force prior to July 3. 1870. directed that patents
should Issue to the patentee, his executors, ad
ministrators or assigns, while the law of that date
directs the issue to the patentee, his heirs or as
signs. The potent heads (i. e. blank fbnus), how
ever. retained the old form until July 1. 187i t
since which time new heads have been n*ed, con
forming to the phraseology of the now law. Gen
eral Leggett, the Commissioner of Patents, re
gards the difference in form us entirely unimpor
tant, and the patents Issued during the time spec
fled ns perfectly valid, so far ns the phraseology
la concerned.
—A firm In fiun Diego, California, has engaged
in the business of burning the lec plant, which is
found In great abundance along the bay and on
the peninsula. Tho ash of this plant is used ns a
substitute for soda, it having nearly the same
qualities as that article. An analysis of tho usb
shows that it contains 45 per cent of caustic soda
and so per cent of ordinary soda.
—lt has been Judicially decided that a married
woman in England Is entitled to votcat municipal
elections, if she happens to bo living apart from
her husband. Thus grass widows arc put on a
political footing with real widows and spinsters.
Every woman in England can vote if she is an in
dependent householder; or, having a husband, If
She is not nnder his control.
—The proposition to create an United States
of Austria’* Is looked upon with especial disfavor
by the large majority of the Austrian newspa-
pers.
—Warm charity inducel a ale© old woman In
Connecticut to forward two strings of rod poppers
to Chicago.
—lt is stated that “first chop tea cannot be
obtained in England, and will not bo obtained
hcrvaltcr unless English tea-drinkers will consent
to pay higher prices for this article, so as to ena-
blc the Importers to outbid tbe Russians, who at
the present time secure all the high-flavored teas.
The reason why the best teas are not offered iu
the English market Is attributed to the general
passion for cheapness which now prevails in
Urvat Britain.
—Some idea of the extent of pawubroking a
business may be gathered from the fact that not
long ago nearly six hundred tons of pawn ticket*
were cold as old paper by an enterprising collect
or in New York city, yearly the whole of these
ticket* were In small ram*, ranging in Individual
amounts from twenty-five cents up to a dollar.
Larger sum* were qnite exceptional.
—Last week a number of experiments were made
with Dunlin, a new explosive compound, at the
extensive Masting work which is nowin progress
on the Columbia Tort Deposit Railroad, near
Safe llarl*er. The most remarkable feature, es
tablishing the tremendous power of the com
jvouiid. was an experiment In surface-blasting.
On detache<l rock, weighing six tons, was placed
a cartridge containing two pound* of the com
pound. This was covered with a half bucket full
of sand and trampled down with the feet. The
end of thefusewas Inserted In u copper cap, a
little -larger than an ordinary gun cap, when the
fuse was Ignited. The explosion that followed
was quick, sharp, and resembled the detonation
of Hfiod artillery. The rock was broken to frag
ments, and, what was most singular, portions of
it burnt eo that it crumbled bet ween the fingers
like dried clay. Experienced gentlemen who wit
nessed the experiments regard the new explosive
as possessing greater power than any of which
they had any knowledge.
Death of a Prumlnrnt Ciilira of np
m«n Commit*
tin* Ppringfu-M (1IL) Krfrister, Nor.
On yesterday morninjr 'tMjuire Jam*'* D.
Smith*. very extensive farmer ami stock
dealer. tvsulh'e near Berlin, in this county—
was in the town of New Berlin, on the Tole
do, Wabash Western Itailroad. attending
:o seme business. He left that place in his
twwhorse buggy, for home, aliont 4 o’clock
in the afternoon. which was the last time
lie whs seen alive. Alwnt an hour after his
how* and buinrv tame homo, and he wiv«
found dead, with one of hh> feet hanging
between tho uxlo and front spring of the
1 body was dreadfully mangled,
and tlie face and head terribly iniuted. Upon
exauiination it 'wan" tlmcovcroa that tho
brirtlc-bit of one of tho UorrK*s hml been
broken, and it is tbereforo supposed that
shortly after leaving Berlin the norse* be
came fright cited and endeavored to run away.
Mr. .Smith unst have retained hia hold upon
them until the bit broke, and it is Minpobed
that he then essayed to «>sea)H> by getting oat
of the huggy, but, being Very stout and
fleshy, he wa« not able to do so. and must
bave fallen and Imhui dragge«l home as wo
have stated. Nothing certain is known coa
ccniing this runaway, us no information has
yet been obtained of his movements after he
left Berlin to return to Lis farm.
Mr. Smith svus bom in Cynthiuua. Ky.. ou
Pec. flu, IMtV from which place he moved to
his late rcfiidcnec. near Island Grove, in IsUJ,
at which plaevhe Ijiua since resided. In
wiw eh ottd with I lon. B. ,S. Edward.- a mem
ber of the Convention which met to form a
new Conrftilmion, in the deliberations of
which >Kly he took an active part. Ever
since ULs icsidcnce iu this county ne has been
a prominent, useful, and most highly es
teemed citizen, beloved and respected by all
who knew* him. Vor many years he has Been
a consistent and leading member of the Moth
odiat Episcopal Church, and has always led a
pure and Munich*** life. ll*.* leaves a widow,
lour sons, nud two daughters to •mourn Lis
untimely taking oil. ilr. Smith was a
brother-in-law to the late Captain James N.
Brown, of Island Grove. J. T. Johnson, E«q..
of St.Louis; Judge Washington Adams, of
Boonvillc, Mu.: and L. W. Brown. Ksq.. of
Alexander. Morgan County. During his lifo
he had be* u a very extensive dealer iu tiue
cattle, and owned am ho tima of hiadeceuse
u niagnitivent farm of 4.000 acre**.
THE CINDER-CATE:”
Sorting and Cenminstbe Bnrned Jlottey
from th« Chicago Bnlm.
WMblafftoD Com-pondenwo of the New York HcnUJ,
I wandered into the Treasury Department
a day nr two ago to ask General Spinner to
let me see what was being done with the
cltarredmoney from Chicago. 1 was shown
to the room occupied by the ladies employed
on the burned money; shall I call it ctimcr
catest This room is very large and pleasant,
and was selected because, liaving a southern
exposure with nothing near to intercept the
light. it has special advantages for this kind
of work, which needs the strongest light pos
sible. The charred packages of money which
'have Ifeen almost reduced to cinders, and
which crumble at the slightest touch, are
brought to the ladies skilled in dealing with
such cases. The contents of a safe which
was in Adams Express Company's building,
in Chicago, were being counted when I
i went in. There were National Bank
note*. United States Treasury bonds, nickels,
railroad bonds and postage-stumps upon the
tables. All these must bo sorted and ar- 1
ranged, counted and the value estimated.
Such work as this, as may easily be believed,
is no light task. The notes are baked to a
crisp, and are perfectly black, and the idea
ofheparatlnptncm and deciphering the en
graving on their faces seems at first utterly
tihsurb. borne of the packages are m toler
iible orui.T, iu other cases three or fonr hun
dred notes which huvo been carelessly
ii™*.. into »lr« are m wt-lted to«th„ (hat
it seems impossible to seiia. «te thorn m
others bonds nave been tied up in a
convenience sake, and arc m the worn
ditiou possible to be separated. And here,l
would give n word of warning. Anybody \s
liable to In* burnt out; any fin-proof safe is
subject to being brought under the test of
extreme heat, ami its content* roasted, so
that all persons having notes, bonds, or
postage-stamps put away for safe-keep
mg. should take the precaution to keen
them spread out their full size, one placed
neatly over tiie oilier, an, in case of an acci
dent or calamity such as that at Chicago,
verv little, will bo lost in the process of re
demption. All notc-s, whose value can be
made oui. are redeemed at full value. Then*
is no discount on burnt money. The safes
or the boxes containing the money are sent
at onee from the Treasurer’s office to the
ladies, whom long experience has proved
qualified for the delicate and difficult task
of handling it and deciphering its value.
They take it carefully from it* receptacles,
and proceed to separate the notes with the
utmost skill. Those notes which ara so far
gone that they crumble at the slightest
touch, have their cinders carefully |u«*ted
together on sheets of tissue-paper. Great
care is taken to prevent the loss
of a single note. The ladies are
supplied with various aids in
thoir woik. Each has a magnifying-glass
and several small, thin, ahann steel instru
ments \vith tint blades whieh bust are indi.s-
S disable in separating tho notes. With
utioiml Bank notes the name of the State,
the bank, and the denomination of tho note
must be deciphered, that the money may bo
returned to the banks when issued it for re
d-mption. The counter certifies to the num
ber of package. of pieces, denomination, and
the total amount. In the case of tho Treas
ury notes, the counter furnishes a schedule
for the office of the Secretary of tho Treas
ury, another for the Treasurer, and a third
for the Kegister. These schedules are care
fully looked over in these bureaus, signed,
and afterward the notes aro burned iu tho
presence of lepreseatatives of the three offi
cers above named. This work is not only
complicated, but imposes great responability
upon those having it to do; nevertheless, »t
is proper to state that the ladies only receive
but SPOO per annum for their labor.
The postage stamps found in tho express
safes are arranged, counted, and returned to
the General Tost Office; tho railroad bonds
an? relumed to the railroad companies who
issued them. The National Bank note.vafter
being returned to the bauks which issued
them, are sent to the agents of the banks in
Washington, ami by ihcm-sent to tho office
of the Comptroller of the Currency iu the
Treasury Department. In the redemption
division of this otliee they are counted by
Indies, one a representative of the Secretary,
a second a representative of tho Comptroller,
and a third a representative of theTreasnrer,
and-lastly by the agent of the bank, making
font ccuntincs in all. Accuracy is thus
secured, and each counter is a check upon
the rest. Afterward the certificates are
signed l»3' gentlemen representing the officer*
above named, and the money i» taken in
strong boxes, securely locked, to be burned.
There is a considerable degree of- ceremony
attending upon the burning of the notes,
although thev have already been cancelled
and reduced to tho value of waste pnper. The i
representatives of the office* uamed ami the
agent of the bank whose notes are to be
burned go down into the cellar of tint Treas
ure building into a small room resembling a
prison cell more than anything.else. Inc
furnace resembles au oven, and is set in the
wall. It has an iron door, which Is fastened
with three padlocks. Each look will open
onlv to its own key. The gentlemen acting
n.s representatives of tho three officers before
mentioned Lave each a key, and each in turn
unlocks the padlock which his key fits. The
boxes continuing the money are opened by
the Secretnrv’s representative; the messen
ger In attendance sweeps back tho Osin'S of
yeeterday'shurning,piles shavings in the fur
naces. throws iu a package of notes as a first
ottering, closes the furnace door, and the fire
begins to roar. The door is opened again, and
package after package of notes is thrown In:
mutilated notes, defaced and time-worn notes,
and tho charred relics of the Chicago disaster
are tossed in. There is a species of excite
ment iu throwing money into the fire. There
is a dash of recklessness in it which is fas
cinating to sober-minded persons accus
tomed to economy. I know of no better way
taease one’s mind after being forced to look
twice at every penny before spending it, than
to be allowed to participate iu the increma
tion of that money-god which has boon tor
menting you. You have your revenge on
vourself for your enforced niggardliness, and
bn the dire necessity which has caused your
straits. It ia almost exhilarating to toss $20.-
000 that doesn’t belong to you into the flames.
Nothing equals it except perhaps Artemus
Ward’s self-sacrifice in sending his wife’s ro-
lativcs into the array. _
After all tbe money is thrown in. the door
of the furnace is locked with the same cere
mony with which is was unlocked, and the
money is left to burn alone-
Once upon a tune the dcaossfe in the furna
ces used to bnrnlTreastiry notes and fraction
al curreucv, ana was so strong as to carry
notes up the chimney, whence they would fly
u short distance in the air and tall tn tbe
court-vanl. It was discovered that these
wen* picked np and used again as money, so
measures have been taken to prevent any
such occuKvuce in the future.
Punch on Chicago,
Snvs/’unM: “Wo suppose that the most
eostlv pail of milk ever heard of in the world
wax the pail which burned Chicago. The
gallant Americans an* the last people to cry
over spilt milk or bnrued cities. Chicago
will quickly l>e Bedirira, She has very likely
accepted the omen that she will soon be flow
ing again with milk—and honey—has elected,
in her cheery way. to call herself the Cow
City. •Therefore. Bull, evince the affection of
a relative, show that von have what Benedick
calls “a?. Amiable tow” (needles* to say
that we do not allude to any keeper of the
public purse), and that von come of the stock
of the Golden Bull. With which sweet,
choice, and dainty conceits to lighten the
way. let the pensive public be off to the Man
sion House with their help for the homeless
bv Lake Michigan. The Americans r-mem
bt-red ns in the days of Ireland's hunger, and
of the cotton famine, and must now allow us
to remember them- And let’s bo quick about
it or the citv will be rebuilt before the
monev gets there. “Bight away—this very
now,’* as they say.
Chicago Lire thNk HlarheL
TnrRSDAr Evening. Nov. 9.
CATTLE—RfCrtwA today, 1,250; iwi'Wml this
There was lew armncas In the cattle
market to-dav. which was due In part to the dis
acr»-cable weather, and partly to the unfavorable
character of advices from the East, private tele*
cram?* front New York. quoting the market, dull
and a I-2c lower. Shipper*
and there sei-tued to be a pretty gcnetal ob-pod
tion to hold off for lower prices, but the limited
M mplT of wt ll matured cattle on sale* led holder*
to msist upon full rates.and. although trading was
*]ow, the trpocled *a!es did uot indicate any mrv*
tcribl reduction. The bulk of the cattle sold
chanced hand* at a ranee of fci.ooaS.oo. though the
xtr* m«-e were »v.25a6.35. The outride figure whs
obtained for 14 extra graded steers, averaging
t 574 lb*., were shipped from Knox County, and
were convened to Mitchell. Rrown A Thompson,
t.v win m thev were sold to Nelson Morris lor the
N>w York market. The t-ume parties also sold C 3
head, averaging 1,321 lbs. at $3,631-2. A few extra
lot* w rtedlspo-rd of at fct.2-Vt3.r4), but mo*t of the
transfers, as before stated, were at price* ranging
downward from fc'.oo. Rutelmra and Icj-..
operated in a small way at about
orke*. The Uikil:<‘t eloiitd rosy.
CIOSINO I’BICKS.
p.xtr'—G reded Meers Averaging 1,100
i ibe no«i
Choice Beeves—Fine, fat, well-formed 3
lo 5 yew old ulcers, und averaging 1.200
to i,noo lbs
Gmxl Beeves—Well-fattened. tinely-tonn*
steers, ttver«gluK i.ooo u> 1,250 11m
Fair (Jmdee—Fiiir steers,ln fair tleah.av-
er aging I.oSoto 1,2ft)1b5... 4.35*1.50
Medium Class—Medium steers and good
cows for city elaughter, averaging too
to 1,000 lbs 3.00*4.25
Stock Cuttle—Common cattle in decent
flesh. averaging 700 to i.osou>s 2.50a3.50
Inferior—Light and thin covs and steer* 2.00ai,25
HOGS—Received to-dav. 12.000: received this
week. 41.300. Notwithstanding the liberal re
ceipts. und the unfavorable weather, there was
IncrsiiHtl activity lu the hoc trade to-day, and
prices wrre firm and a shade higher, the advance*
averaging a strong 3o per 100 lbr>. Local and
Eastern hovers competed for the offering*. and
between thorn about all the hog* were picked up.
suit e making at ia.Soua.Bo for common; *u»fta.9s
for Tutdium. and atl4.ftki4.is for good to choice.
A few extra brought higher figures. TTorine Bros,
filing a carload at *4.20. The market clos'd tinu.
The following tcanmctlonii fairly reflect tho mar
ket:
HOT, SALES KbDAT.
.Vo. dr. /Vwy*. .Vo. ,Ip. JYice. .Vo. .It K Prire.
M 212 f-l/O W 276 SI.OO 43 373 |4.15
fiS 260 a.rt S3 23* 3.90 4S 315 4.30
«3 21 ft 4.rt> W 227 S. I 40 310 4.10
76 250 l.f«» 33 219 4.00 (X) 23? 4.05
*73 MO M 226 4.00 19 123 3,00
T. 7 227 3.*.d 00 272 3.90 «2 4.05
•V. 215 3.95 54 ,*U< 4.00 TO 101 4.00
S3 237 3.20 46 273 3.90 *7 207 3.20
(4 22* 3.20 26 321 430 45 264 3.90
CC 278 S.iO 6« 2ftl 3.83 70 236 3.90
C 2 3.10 M 312 4.00 35 271 3.'W
154 325 3.r0 46 -JM 3.95 73 315 3.90
IS2 211 8.90 108 199 3.90 191 336 4.121-2
43 832 4.<>) 55 .Ktf 4.i0 120 244 3.90
55 263 U.'.O 48 221 4/0 55 30J 3.9.1
45 263 3.M 60 332 4.00 ‘HO 2X 4 ft) 1
SHFEP—The receipts for the week up to this
eveuinghavc been 3.*>M. There was a moderate
Lmiuiry from local butchers at about former
prices, or at d3.25i0.50 for common; •3.«5:u.00 for
medhuuto good, and at t1.25a1.50 for choice.
Buffalo Lire Stock Market
BnrALO, Nov. 9.—Cattle—Receipts 493, mak
ing the supply 5,2*3, or 319 cars. against iW last
w(H-k. Late arrivals wore mostly through con
signments. Market active, unchanged. dales:
100 Michigan steers, 1,166 lbs, $1.33; 5* Indiana.
1,130 Ibo, $5.00; 201 Ohio, 1.136 to 1,372 lbs, 11.75h6.00.
Sheep—Receipts. 162. Market dull, Wc lower;
khl«s: 107 Canada sheep. 135 11m. $3.00: 971 Ohio, 90
to 94 lb*. $1.5006.00; 1,117 Michigan, 71 to 85 lbs,
$1.0001.62 1-2.
Receipts, 3,258. Market quiet, un
changed. tialee: 2,317, at S4JMa4.6O for couimoa
to choice.
Tr«»cla Psmml Detroit.
Detroit. Nov. 9, Eve.—Passed Down Props.
Amm Craig, Passaic, Raleigh: bark City of
Poincsvllle wliru. Webb, Bigler. Gallatin. Nows*
bov. M.Egun, Nabob, Minnie Slawsou, E. M. Da
vidson.
Passed Up.—Propeller Northern Light, dchrs.
E. M. ParU-h. Minnie Williams, Champion, Uluck
lev, Anna Grover.
Wind. east.
6M ITU— PRESCOTT—In this city. Nov. 7. by Rav.
C. I>. Uvlntcr, Samuel D. Smith and Miss Abbie Pres
cott
EDES—JOUNBTON—In this city, on tho 9th Inst,
at the resldeuru of the bride’s uncle, T. S. Ronou. by
tlie Rev, Canon Knowleo, Wanvn S. Ede« and I nabell*
M., second. daughter of Edmund Johnston, both, of Chi
cape. No cnnK
(9‘Boston papers please copy.
MECDER-UIXX-Nov. O,PCI. by Rer. C. M.Tvtar,
of i Ideas o, Mr. John c. Meeder ud Mrs. Eliza Addr
BUI. 3
Wis., and St Lonis papers please copy.
BUD.
LAWLOR—At his residence. Cl! West Polk-st. ou
Thursday, Nov.p. Fenton C. Lswlor.
Funeral will take place at 13 m., on Saturday, Nor.
11. Friends are Invited to attend.
PAIUiV—In this city, Nov.», Edward Eugene Dor
bv, «p»<d 5 years anti S months.
Tunerul at 10 o’clock Friday moraine, from the
house, &Ss FuUon-st, toOracelaaiL To mends Is ex
tended an invlluth n.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
Masonic.
Oriental I/ytpc No. W, A. F. and A. M.. Special Con
iniitlcn this {Friday) evonliip, at 74 o'clock. in Hall
f New Masoalc Temple, corner llalstedund Ran
lidi-otH- Ry order of the il aster
3 e. N. tucker. Rec’y.
O. of o. F.
The members of DUANE LODOE, Not 11, LO.of O.
F., w ill meet this Friday evening, at o o'clock, in Hot
raonia Utdl, comer West Randolph and Chnlon-sU.
tIKOIKJE BBAUASr. N. O.
DRY GOODS.
GARSON, PIRIE CO.
Have opened their
SOUTH SIDE STORE,
158 TWESTY-SECOSD-ST.,
With a new stock of
DRY GOODS,
AT LOWEST PRICES, together with
some bargains in Silks, Dress Goods.
Shawls, kc., slightly soiled while
being saved from the fire.
West Si Ml Beiiamnl
6SB West Lake-sb, near Paulina.
Wholesale Department
18 NOW FAIRLY OPENED AT
West Madlson-sk,
Opposite Aberdeen, witbr.an entirely
new and well-assorted stock of STA
PLE and FAUCY DRY GOODS, at
bottom prices.
CARSON. PIHIE A CO.
HAMUN,HALE&CO.
WHOLESALE DRY GOODS,
31 33 South Canal-st.
RETAIL DRY GOODS,
328- West Madison-st.
CARPETS,
31 South Canal-st.
BOOKS.
COBB, MDBS
id,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
BOOKSELLERS
STATIONERS,
469 Wabash-av.
VTe offer to the cltisese of Chicago, and to the trade
p nerahr, a large and varied assortment of miacellane
on» Books—the first GENERAL stock that has been
bmngMtoihi* market since the fire. Among others,
we have the publications of
Harper Bros., John Wiley fcSou,
James B. Osgood fc Co., Henry A Young,
D. Appleton ft Co., Sheldon A Co.,
Lee Shepard, Hurd Hoaghtcn,
Geo. Boutlidge Sons, J. B. lipphtcoß A Q&,
Thoe. Kelson Sou, 0. W. Cadeton Q*,
Bobert* Brno., Leavitt Alien Bros.,
Petenon Broe„ Q. F. Pam am Sou.
RAH.WAT SUPPLIES.
mi mill k ca..
Railway Car Springs
RAILWAY SUPLLIES,
Eemoved to 238 Michigan-av.,
foot of Hairisoa-st,
To.WaS.SS
5.3505.50
1.Mi10.00
Insurance Apucy.
GEO.C.GLARKE
CO.,'
Ao. 10 Eldridge-conrt.
No. 35 W.WasMngton-st.
FI MAIE
Insurance Agency.
Risks taken in the following
Reliable Companies:
lANUFAGTURERS’
INSURANCE COMFY, of Boston.
ORGANIZED 1833.
Assets, after paying all losses, Including those
of the Chicago Fire, 11,150,090,
INS. COMT, of Columbus, 0.
NBSTEWESTEI NATIONAL
FIRE INS. COM’Y, of Now York.
Cargo Insurance on
the Lakes taken at
current rales.
Shippers and Merchants desir
ing Marine Insurance, either
INLAND or OCEAN, are in
vited to apply at our office.
GEO. C. CLARKE CO.,
.■Vos. io Jiianuge-coiirc ann
35 If*. Wash ingfon-st.
INSURANCE COMP.UW.
Highest Price Paid for Adjusted Claims
Ur D.K. TESNKY.
1 451 Wnhesh.ar.
13 AT
SECURITY
Insurance Company.
ADJUSTMENT OFFICE,
608 WABASH-IV.
Parties haring claims-against this Company will
please present the same for adjustment to Messrs.
FERGUSON A GILBERT, at No. CO9 Wabashar.
T. E. STILLMAN, for Receiver.
Adjusting Office People’s Insurance Co.,
of San Francisco, CaL,
155 West Monro«-*t.. Chicago. Parties bolding policies
covering on property In tho burnt district, either In
above company or the Lareur. of Chicago, will pfwrse
preecut them at above office,
Adjuster for People's Ins. Co., of Han PnmrUco.
C. L. RICE CO.,
Cor. of Canal and Harrison-sts;
IRON-WORKING MACHINERY,
WOOD-WOBKISG MACHINERY,
SNOWIES’ STEAM POTS,
BOBER AND LEATHER BELTING,
RUBBER HOSE AND PACKING,
SUBTENANT'S NOISELESS BLOWERS.
Pull stock of Machinery and
Supplies on hand.
INSURANCE.
j»Bi,rar.ix omen,
BB.t.VCMt OFFICE,
HOME
INS. COMT, of Milwaukee.
HOFFMAN
OFFICES,
MtEPIJB£.IC
MACHINERY.
BLACK GOODS.
MANDEL BROS.,
Cor. Ticentg-setoud-at, and
JUthigan-av.,
will open THIS (Friday) MOBNING, a
choice line of BLACK GOODS, consisting;
of Cashmeres, Tames Cloth, Gras de Zu
rich, Metz Cord, Barathea, Henrietta
Cloth, Gras d&Landras, and other novel
ties, of which we ask inspection.
sewihomaotnk.^^
WILLCOX GIBBS’
Silt Sew Hun.
OFFICE AT PRESENT,
No. 987 Indiana-av.
Will ehortly open a place of bnuinoM with a
NEW STOCK,
of which i!ue notice will be given, whew we will be
able to fill all order*, and give courteous attention to
nnrMitTDiut an ocoal All person* who have loot their
m«clto£»y tt.liuTflr.ikov. .p~lal favor. tjr
tbelr address or
SAZ*T AND CEMENT.
REMOVAL.
HASHES’, MAETIN X-WHEELER,
Mannlactnrt-rs ami lUu’.er* tu
Salt and Cement,
OFFICE REMOVED TO
LOS Jlonroe'Kt.'. opposite old Post Office.
CUTLERY,
Cutlery Gnus.
We bare the Mine m K-foro the fire, ami arc
rr* ciT>tlj- CUInR onler* at oW pr.iv-..
Vrtn nnr nrw store on Wa’t.o-tav. H complete! wo
are m temporary quartern At
1058 INDIANA.AV.
lUOOR, SPENCKK CO.,
Importer* ami Maantiomrc-N.
All jtccotutfs TfUl l>c OviuoA. at toll on prcooutav,sa.
ADVERTISING AGENCY.
ESTABLISHED
First After the Fire
H.H. CHANDLER,
MnrlisiiJpti
43 South Canal-st.
Branch Office No. 446 State-st.
1! TWIST li WEST
Agency in Chicago
Will Insert advertisements in any
newspaper in the United States at
the Publisher's lowest CASH rates.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TO
CHICAGO
Daily Weekly Papers.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
Estey Organs,
The Sweetest, Forest, Richest Tone.
The Easiest, Quickest, and most Du*
rable Action. The Only Organ con
taining tho Genuine
VOX HUMANA
And Wonderful Vox Jobilante.
A (nil aiwortrocnt of the latest now and elogmnfc
Htyle** Juat nvoived. Prices as low and terras as favor
able s« heretofore.
Organs to Bent or for Sale on Instalment*.
STORY CAMP,
(late Organ Department Heed's Temple of Moat*)
General 'Agents for the Northwest,
409 W. BANX)OXJH-ST.. OHIOAOO.
HATS AND CAPS.
Bats, Caps &M
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
The Largest and Finest Stock ia
the West!
Ladies’ Fine SEAL and ASTBAO3AN
SACKS, MXTFPS and BOAS, and all other
FUR GOODS made to order or repaired at
short notice, at their store and factory.
Prices low.
J. A. SMITH CO.,
513 WABASH-AT.
STATIONERY.
COBB, ANDREWS CO.
Have In Stork Fall Line* ef
Blank Books,
Envelopes,
Diamond Papers,
And all kinds of OFFICE STA
TIONERY, &c., fix.
COBB, ANDREWS CO.,
469 Wabaah-av.
HARDWARE^
WTTXTAW RT.ATR nn_,
WHOLESM.E SABDWASH
SO 32 South Canal-st.
3,000 Bore* Tin Fftsfr,
17,000 FomnMs Copper Bottom**,
3S Cates Sheathing Copper,
0,000 Kegs Wheeling JYailr,
Amt n large stock, comprising
HOME TBDIIIIIfiN, CARPEXTEES* TOOLS,.
STAMPED AXD JAPJMED WABB,
And a full Use of
GENERAL HARDWARE,
Carefully mdeclrdand bought for caah since the great
Hiv.
SATES.
SAFES!
Fire Burglar-Proof.
THE BEST IN THE MARKET.
TERWILLIGEE, 00.,
TO SOFTS CATAI.-ST.
Wjt. d. Rogers, Joseph Moons, Js.
WHI. D. ROGERS CO.,
ESTABLISHED IMS.
ORIGINAL AND ONLY MANUFACTURERS OF
TUS CELEBRATED
Rogers’ Fine Pleasure Carriages.
Etaraat Carriage* description. In stock amt
buJJttoottlrr. U3cIa4IngSULKKYH, SKELETON and
LIGHT TROTTING WAGONS.
FINEST FINISH. NEWEST STYLES, and UNS
QUALLEU DURABILITY.
Drawing* and Specification* mailed when solicited.
Office ftM 'Waxerooms.lOOO 1011 Cheat*
nut-at: Mannfactory.Thirteenth
and Parrish-sts.
SUCCBEDING
OLIO. tV. WATSON CO,
tIteto ‘pHILADELPHIA.
PBOPOSM^^^^
HORSES WANTED.
omcE of CHttr Qt* artruc I
FuKT LXAVKNWOUTIt. Kas., Nov. 4. 1971.1
M«a)M T*rmx**al*. Jo triplicate, will be received attlua
«<Otce n*uJ li o'clock a. m.. December 5, IS7I, lor to*
delivery of gyf.AVALItYnOR.SEB.
to tt® Depot uuartcrmMMter at iort Leavenwortu,
K Tbe*br>r*e« moat be sound In all particular. wtH
broken. la lull tloflh and rood condition. from fiftw*
(|s> to sixteen (16) band* high. and from five (5) to mn»
(9) rears old, and well adapted In every way to cavalry
P T?ebor»es to be delivered within fifty (50) days from.
date of award of contract.
Pn»x*o*alf* will be received for any portion of. tlx*
number of JiorMti required—from one upward.
No will be entertained unlaw the party
making the Raroolsprwenl at the opening of tho bids.
or represented by an agent or attorney, or la known as
this office to be responsible. _
The usual condition*, which ran be ascertained at
thU office, will be Imposed npon bidder* and contract
or*. and blank forma of proposals will lw famished
“^By*a*utSwrity°of the frtartennaster General-
L C. EaSTOX.
t). Q. V. OeaT U. 8. A.. C. Q. M. Dept. MO.
f or Business.
\ny person haviar a good bruin es*. and desiring to
renew or extend 14 by additional capital} can hear of aa
opportunity to I»nn a copartneruhlp.br addressing
CAPITAL, care of Kimball Taylor, Bankers, and
Brokers, SO Broadway, New York.
Mercantile! or manufacturing preferred. Unexcep
tionable reference* given and, required,
Antrim Brown,
bricklayers and contractors.
Building. Boiler getting. Tiro Work, Bake Ovens*,
and jobbing gcneraDy. promptly attended to.
?rtl SOUTH MAY-ST.
rNSTRJJCTIOK.
MISS LATIMER
WILL OPEK
A CLASS FOR YOUNC LAOIES,
NOVEMBER Wth. in the of the Ptw
hyU-rian Chnrch. on r.r., Vtow„
BtfrmtoMr.Goodcr amt hS aftr!'
and her former patiom*. h S \v«t SidwTatK*
noon German clas*ee on »nA 091
marberuMTwed*t«ea:W»hftah-« y n
iOLCTHON NOXICBS.'
Dissoumos OF COPARTSEBSHIP.
ilcT WTl.t)y mornAl rom*-nt. V. ILufla
-1 tin b'UHlß'Wvi »m.l aiwnmc* the a»«*a
TOKI>RUICK JIATNSWORTU.
aiMl jC,n.\TUAN UAL*A*'O£TH-
N0»-L J *V
3