local anO State Ketos.
The ico companies on the Kennebec ore
shortly to commence cutting.
Charles U. James has been appointed as
lioute Agent on the route between Bath and
Kockland.
Mr. Boothby has resigned the mastership
of the South Grammar School in Bath, and
Mr. Curtis of Bowdoinham has been employ
ed by the committee in his place.
Mr. F. II. Tibbetts lias sold bis cottage
house ami lot on the corner of Sewall ami
Weston streets, to Major J. W. Welch, for
merly of this city, whose family will return,
here in the spring.
The ladies of the I'niversali t Society in
llallowell, will hold their annual Festival at
the City Hall, Wednesday and Thursday
evenings, December 13th ami 14th. The pro
gramme for both evenings will be unu-ually
attractive.
The steamer “Star of the East,” which has
done a profitable summer’s work, has been
taken up in Boston, where she will be com
pletely overhauled, modernized, painted, and
made ready for the next season’s campaign.
The popular agent in this city, Mr. W. J.
Tuck, will no doubt continue in that capacity
the next season.
I)r. John Blackmer of Sandwhich, N. II.,
who was nominated for Governor by the State
Temperance Convention recently held at Con
cord, was formerly connected with the Insane
Hospital in this city, as assistant physician.
A most excellent and worthy man, a good
physician and surgeon.
James McCarthy is now on trial in Portland
for the assault made by him on Sergeant
Doyle, at the National Asylum. The plea of
want of jurisdiction was overruled by the
District Court. Webb appears for Govern
ment, and Keed and Wbitehouse for the pris
oner. Mr. Frank Small of this city is mak
ing a stenographic report of the case.
The Lady’s Almanac for 1872, is beautiful
ly printed on tinted paper, and illustrated
with fine engravings. It is replete with ele
vated sentiment in poetry and prose, and use
ful household notes. A novel feature of its
pages is a “Visit Kecord,” printed in fancy
style, for keeping a complete record of all
calls and visits made during the year. Its
blank memoranda pages will prove of great
c onvenience to the ladies. It is sold by book
and newsdealers, at the very low price of .">0
cents, or will be mailed, postpaid, by the
publisher, George A. Cooledge, office of Old
and New, 143 Washington street, Boston.
A large Arctic owl, quite a curiosty, came
into the hen house of a gentleman in Sidney,
in broad daylight, on Saturday, and after kill
ing a hen or two, was shot detjd by Mr. Wnt.
A. Tanner, the Treasurer of the town. The
owl measured five feet three inches from tip
to tip of wings, and his feet and legs were
covered with long hair and feathers, being
larger and altogether unlike our native owls.
Getting dissatisfied with the cold weather, the
bird “kinder" popped oil' down here, taking
his opportunity to escape through the door of
the North Pole that (according to the Bel
fast Journal), Capt. Hall left open when he
went through.
A Washingtonian Temperance Society has
Veen organized at the National Asylum.
Their meetings are on Tuesday evenings. An
invitation is extended to temperance lecturers
to address the society on Tuesday evening any
tim this w inter, i lie society has a limited
fund and can perhaps pay speaker's expenses.
Address John Hipwood, Cor. See. It is pro
posed to work tor the cause ot temperance
on the evangelical pla.., to show the evils of
drinking, and when a member falls to kindly
take him by the hand and assist him on his
feet again. The meetings are interesting, the
members telling tlifir experience and remind
ing us of the good old Washingtonian times,
when dram drinking was less fashionable than
now. This movement has developed quite a
number of speakers who will, on application,
give temperance lectures anywhere within a
reasonable distance of Augusta. We are
afraid that the temperance people have pur
sued the rumseller, to the neglect of the
drunkard. What we want is t) make drink
ing unfashionable—to show how much bet
ter men are without stimulants. Tool's.
The ladies of Augusta, members of the
Howard Ilencvolcnt Society, would call at
tention to the wants of the poor and needy,
particularly such as strive to do for them
selves and families what circumstances will
admit without asking alms, and yet without
neccessary comforts. Many who have been
subscribers to this society are absent; some
perhaps have forgotten to tiring in their
small subscriptions. We presume there are
many benevolent ladies who would gladly
join and aid us in our charitable woik if they
knew the usefulness of this society, which is
performed in a quiet manner. During the
past year we have distributed one hun
dred articles of clothing mostly made
into comfortable garments for all ages
from infancy to helpless old age, also com
fortable bedding for suffering families, so
far as our means will admit.
Any donations or aids in any way will be
thankfully received by the society and make
glad many hearts.
The society will meet at Mrs. John Dorr’s,
Thursday 1*. M. 11th inet. Also on alternate
Thursdays through the season.
Member ok the Society.
Mrs. Weaver’s Rending.
We mentioned in the Journal yesterday that
Mrs. Weaver would probably give our citizens
an opportunity to listen to one of her readings
this week. And we now have the pleasure of
saying to the public that arrangements have
been made for this entertainment to come off
at Meonian Hall this (Wednesday) evening,
l’articulurs will be given in small bills to he
circulated to-day. Among her many com
mendations from the press we take the folhv
ing from a notice in the Lawrence, Mass.
Daily American, where she has frequently
read:
"It is difficult to describe Mrs. Weaver's
rending. It is natural us life itself; easy as
the boy’s whistling when it whistled itself;
and so informed with the sentiment of her
authors, that it is impossible to tell wlmt she
reads best. When she is comic you think she
excels iu that; when she is pathetic, you aro
sure that is her forte; ami when she cloaca
with Scripture, you are positive ihe should
have read the whole evening from the Bible.
Somehow, words uttered by her seem fuller.
richer, or more tender, graceful or powerful
than we have been accustomed to think them;
language is freighted witli more meaning, and
the art of letters seems grander and more life
like. Great is the art of reading, and such
artists as Mrs. Weaver are rare."
From what we ourselves have heard of this
lady we have full confidence in her ability to
more than satisfy those that hear her.
The Industrie* of Hallowell.
Ffu.nt’s Machine Shop and Iron Focn
DERY.
Wo recently passed an hour pleasantly
and profitably in looking about the machine
shop and iron foundery of Geo. Fuller, Esq.,
it Shepard's wharf, near the south part of the
city.
During the year 1837 when shipbuilding
was carried on so extensively in this city, the
Messrs. Coburn of Skowhcgan erected a
building near the ship yards on Shepard's
wharf, to be used a machine shop and lay
ing out moulds and plans for ships. It was
eighty feet long by forty feet in width, and
three stories high. When shipbuilding de
clined it w as left unoccupied for several years
until it passed into the possession of its pres
ent owner, who moved it a few rods to its
present location. The lower, or first floor is
now filled with all the modern machinery for
turning out all kinds of iron work, from a
steam engine to a patent churn. The engine
used in the printing establishment of “The
Saturday Gazette" was built at this shop.
Fussing up to the second floor we find the dif
ferent machines for manufacturing carpet
blocks. These blocks are sent to all parts of
the country where oilcloth carpetings are
made. An order from St. Louis has just been
filled.
The machinery in the whole building is pro
pi lied by a water wheel seventeen inches in
diameter with eighteen feet fall of water. In
dry weather of summer the works are driven
by steam. One of the most useful pieces of
mechanism we noticed, was a machine for
regulating the speed of the whole machinery
in the establishment. It is called “Whitman's
Regulator' and is so adjusted that when a
part of the works are stopped a corresponding
amount of power is stopped, and when all the
power is wanted it applies itself.
We now proceed to a four story fire proof
brick building ustd for storing patterns for
castings, etc., tliat are necessary to be pre
served. The next building we enter is the
founders' where we find conveniences for all
kinds of casting from an ounce to two tons.
The sand used in this department is brought
from Auburn, N. Y., the nearest point at
which it can be obtained. It seemed to us
who are somewhat unsophsitieated, to be sim
ply yellow earth. It costs but a trifle aside
from transportation, l’ower to drive the
“blower” of the furnace is applied one hun
dred feet distant by a continuous shaft. Aside
from the buildings mentioned, are blacksmith
shop, dry houses, sheds for storing lumber,
iron, coal sand, ic.
Mr. Fuller employs some twenty five hands
and the pay roll exceeds 31000 per month. A
considerable amount of property in the vi
cinity has been purchased for the accommoda
tion of his t mployees, and a splended residence
has just been completed for one of bis sons,
who i9 foreman in the establishment. Much
credit is due the enterprising proprietor, and
his sons far the improvement made in that
part of the city. S.
St a lids the Test of Time.
Mrs. John Young of this city states that in
1 "s.5G stie purchased a fifty-dollar Wheeler
Wilson sewing machine, being at that time
fully informed of their excellence over all
others. This machine has been in almost un
interrupted use ever since (a period of fifteen
years, without even the most trifling repairs)
on many tot.ijy different materials, such as
stitching tiie edges of soldiers’ overcoats,
overcoat linings, ladies’ boots, dresses, shirts,
boys’jackets, pants, tucked and hemmed cot
ton cloth, linen, niniook. and Swiss muslin.
A 2 1-2 needle was used a year without even
removing it from the machine, and used on
the usual heavy and light garments wo n by
ladies and gentlemen. She has earned not
less than three thousand dollars ($3,Odd)
with it. The machine is in complete order,
none of its parts being worn, and bids fair to
he willed to those who come after her. Mrs.
Young’s machine can be seen at her resi
dence opposite .1. 1’. Wyman's mills.
Caution. Purchasers of the Peruvian Sy
rup (a protected solution of the protoxide of
iron) are cautioned against being deceived by
any of the preparations of Peruvian Bark, or
Bark and Iron, which may be offered them,
livery bottle of genuine lias Peruvian Syrup
(not Peruvian Bark) blown in the glass. Kx
amine the bottle before purchasing.
3tdiw
Ki:i low's Compound Syrup of IlTPoruos
piiites is an excellent nervous tonic. It ex
erts a direct influence on the nervous system,
and through it invigorates the body.
tied l—f&wlw
Slun k* to the System.
The ili-t shock of winter tells tremenduously
upon enfeebled systems. Every one knows that
in pa-sing f. om a warm region to a cold one, or
rive versa, the body requires as a protection against
epidemics go acclimating medicine. All fravellers
and voyagers admit this. It is equally necessary
to acclimate the Bystem in passing the confines of
one season and enteiing upon auother. Autumn
is gone and winter ts here. Prepare the frame and
the constitution to meet the change by a course of
Hostetter’s Stomach Hitters. This inestimable
vegetubl tonic increases the staminal strength of
those who take it, and renders them proof to a
great extent against the devitalizing power of cold
and damp. These two agents are as prolific of
disease as tropical heat, and animal vigor—such
vigor as this healthlul and pure tonic diffuses
through the whoie organization—is a re pell ant
which they cannot master. A large proportion of
the colds, eatftir-H, and pulmonary complaints
which prevail in winter, might be avoided, by
strengthening and regulating the system in ad
vance with this invigorant and alterative. Not
that it is recommended as a specific for those com
plaints, but as a preventive ol their causes. On
the other hand, it is not only a preventive of, but a
specific for the indigestion, intestinal irregularities,
malarious fevers, bilious attacks, and nervous af
fection, superinduced by a chilly and damp at
mosphere. dec 11-teod-w 1 w
iHarricti.
In this city, by K. >V. Whitehouse Esq., Joseph
A. Shaw to Eliza Howe, both of this city.
(1 BKM N WOKS USDS in a great var ety. Also
X YARNS in colors. Stamping for embroidery
douc with dispatch at MRS. DECKER’S Hallowed.
I uov&j-t&n
THE FIRST SEWING MACHINE
SOLD IN AUGUSTA!
Wlioolor «*s Wlimesxx.
decH-tlt
FREEMANS NATIONAL BANK.
rPIIE Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the
X Freemans National Bank of Augusta, will be
held at rhelr banking room in Augu-ta, on Tues
day the 9th day of January, 1872, at 10 o’clock A.
M.f for the purpose of choosing a Board of Direc
tors, and ol transacting any other legitimate busi
ness which may come before them.
decH-tlt J. L. ADAMS, Cashier.
________
ON Monday evening, on Bridge street, a bundle
containing under clo hing. The Under will
be rewarded suitably by leaving it at my shop.
GEO. H CROSS,
Augusta. dec 14-t3t
THE LAST SEWING MACHINE
Sold in Auguata l
WHEELER WILSON.
tlecH-m___
NOWREAD Y.rEMiMUsn.
olnplete official, M ill-Heal mm litliullean Hire
tm y of the Mate. 450 pages. M.v P. .hotting Conn
tic*■ Towns. Railroad., Mean,boat Lilies,with Ins
tance.. Fared, Telegraph anil Kxpie-s .Station*.
Full ol'information a* a not of meat. U complete
L'itv Dikkctokifh, tor #1.50. Everybody want*
it Scut post liaid for #1 5d. Map alone, pocket
form, SO ct.* AGENTS WANTED Addre-*
II. A. MrHKNNEV A 10..
<li‘clf.tAw4w- |j I j Exchange M., Portland. Me.
The Ladies Who Get
Wheeler Wilson
HEWING MACIIINEH
ARE INSTRUCTED AT THEIR HOMES BT
Experienced Operators.
deelfttf
GRANITE HAUTT
T1IE0’ THOMAS’
TTnequaled
Concert Organization!
-OF
Sixty Distinguished Performers!
Pronounced by the entire preps the largest and
moat perfect concert troupe which has ever under
taken a tour either in thia country or in Europe.
I?o»itiveljr
FOR ONE NIGHT ONLY!
Monday Evening,
December 18th.
One Grand Concert,
Which owing to the numerous engagements of
Mr. Thomas* Company will necessarily be the
Only Concert or llie Season
First Appearance ol the Celebrated Artists,
Miss MARIE KREBS,
The Young ami Brilliant 1’ianiete;
Mr. Joseph Diem, Violoncello,
Signor Luigi Rocco, Haip.
Mr. Henry Schmitz. French Horn,
Mr. Eugene Weiner, Flute,
Messrs. WendelschaQ’er and Eltz,
Clarionctte and Bassoon,
Together with the
Grand Orchestra
Price of Admission One Dollar.
.Seats secured without Extra Charge.
The pale of Reserved Seats will commence on
Monday morning, December 11th, at }u o’clock, at
the Eastern Express Office.
Doors open at 7\*, to commence at S o'clock.
The Grand Pianos need are from the celebrated
manufactory of Steinway A Sons, ware rooms at G.
1) Russell A Co.’a 12G Tremont Street, Boston.
A LARGE SUPPLY OF THE
LATEST IMPEOVED
W HEEL E II WILSON
SEWING MACHINES
For the Extra Demand for Holiday Presents, at
F. A. C. H. BRICK'S.
decl4-ftf
Notice.
rpiIE Stockholders of THE GRANITE AA
1 TIOAAL BAAK OF At GIST 4 will hold
their annual meeting for the election of Directors,
and f>>r transacting any olhe legitimnt business,
ai their Banking R«om in Augusta. on Tuesday, the
ninth day of January. 1872. at ten o’clock in the
forenoon. V\*M. T. JuIlNS »N, Cashier.
Angusta, Dec. 11, 1871. decl2tft
Sale and Festival.
r|MIF Ladies of the Free Baptist Society will hold
1 a Sale and Festival in the VESTRY of their
Church on
Thursday aud Friday Evenings,
Dee. 14 and 15.
There will also be presented a beautiful Allegory
entitled
Lightheart’s Pilgrimage.
4 Variety of Useful and Fancy Articles will be
offered for sale, suitable for presents during the
Holidays.
Ice Cream, Oysters, Cake,
And other refreshments for sale.
Tickets of Admission 25 Cents.
Glilldren in Gents.
Why is it
Titcomb’s Holiday Goods are Selling so fast
Because they are so
VERY CHEAP
AND DESIRABLE.
Call early, before the assortment is too much broken
dec-tlwU At TITCOMBPS Drag Store.
No Postponement.
The Big Gift Concert and Ball
At Lemont Halt,
BRUNSWICK,
Will come off NEW YEARS positively.
Music and Management First-Class.
The Valuable Presents consisting ol Lewiston
Roy, Gold Mounted Harness, Silver Tea Sett, sil
ver Ice Pitchers, Castors, Top Buggy, Fine Gent’s
Driving Horse, Gold and Silver Dollars, Watches,
Ac., will be distributed on the fol.owing day.
Secure tickets, as they are all in the hands of
agents, and nearly all sold.
II. B. P1NKHAM, Proprietor.
Agents at Augusta—Pottek Bennett.
Brunswick, Dec. 9,1871. decl2-f3t
BY TELEGRAPH
-TO THE
Daily Kennebec Journal.
Forty-Second Congress—Second Session.
Washington, Dec. 12.
House.
The House in committee discussed the ap
portionment hill hut rose without action.
On motion of Mr. Townsend of Pennsyl
vania, the Secretary of Treasury was in
structed to report whether any of the national
hanks in New Vork were concerned in pro
moting artificial scarcity of money.
Mr. Wright moved to appropriate 82,000,
000 for tiie purpose of paying the balances
which may he found due.
Adjourned.
EUROPEAN NEWS.
London, 12. Private and unofficial ad
vices Iroin Sandringham and Windsor re
oeived by the central press agency, hold out
some slight hopes of a favorable turn in the
Prince’s disease, the patients system appear
ing not completely exhausted. Preparations
which were making against an unfavorable
result are relaxing. Telegrams sent from
Sandringham to Windsor are more re-assur
ing, and the members of the royal house hold
a meeting this evening.
By a railroad acci lent near Shierfield this
evening, one man was killed and many in
jured.
The strike of telegraph operators in begin
ning to break. '1 he employees at one im
portant point have already resumed work.
Sandringham, 12. The Prince passed an
unquiet evening, but his prostration does not
increase.
News Irom New York
N'aw York. 12. The rumor of suspension
of the Union Square Bank is unfounded.
I'he officers deny any embarrasment. The
ri port originated in fact clearances made
through the Ocean Bank. The officers of the
httter bank deny that Tweed is one of the di
rectors.
It is generally believed that the Police
Commissioners adhere to their former de
cision regarding the Internationalists parade,
and that the government refuse to interfere.
There was a daring unsuccessful attempt
to rob the Ferry >i. et Savings Bank this
forenoon hy the n i Dutch lienricks am1
Alex Mason. The latter is of Baltimore.
The thieves escaped.
Judge Cardazo has granted the receiver of
the Bowling Green Savings Batik leave to
sue the debtors of the bank.
There has been thirty-two new cases of
small pox since Saturday and seven death.
It is reported that Henry Ward Beecher is
arranging for a trip to California in the
spting.
In the trial of Miner the counterfeiter to
day, Cole swore to numerous sales of coun
terfeit money made by him. Miner, one of
which in June last was S24.UU0 in counterfeit
tens, for which Cole gave Miner SISXiO. The
sale took place in Miner's house, w here Min
ers. wife lay dead.
At the republican primary to-night in the
third assembly district two of Foley’s men
attempted to.vute in the names of two col
ored men. Bi ing challenged they formed and
blows exchanged. A number of the tenth
ward men rushed in with the intention of
breaking up the election, and the police
cleared the hall and carried off the boxes to
headquarters. There w as one arrest.
The bar association to-night appointed a
Committee to prefer charges in the supreme
court against Morgan and Hannay, attorney’s
for irregular conduct in the superior court.
News From Washington.
Washington, 12. The reports made at the.
meeting of the managers of the National
Asylum for disabled soldiers show that over
4000 veterans are now cared for and new men
are coming in at the rate ol 100 per week,
and will soon tax the asylums to their utmost
capacity. A large amount of detail business
was done by the board.
The executive committee of the National
Steamboat Mens’ Convention are here fur the
purpose of taking preliminary steps to re
vive the steamboat laws. The draft pre
pared by the sub-committee at Pittsburg,
Nov. 21st. was presented to Congress yester
day hy Gen. Negley. The committee find
that Congressmen generally favor the desired
change in the laws.
The republican Senators had a caucus this
afternoon on the subject of revival of the
committee on retrenchment and civil service
reform. The debate was free and unrestrain
ed botli in a national and party view. The
question was not disposed of.
The committee on foreign affairs will not
act on Gen. Bank's bill to carry into e ffect
that part of the treaty of Washington relative
to the fisheries until after the holidays, but
an effoit will be made previously to pas- the
appropriation of a quarter of a million tor the
expenses of the tribunal of arbitration at Ge
neva.
Delegate Hooper returns to Utah next
week. He favors the formation- of a State
Constitution acceptable to Congress.
Senator West who to-day introduced a
measure looking to the exemption from duty
of all bagging and iron ties used in bailing
cotton. He says this would be equivalent to
a premium by the government ot one dollar
per hale and no doubt would stimulate the
production.
The Heather.
Wab Department, 1
Office of tiie Chief Signal Officer.
Washington, Dec.*12.—7 1’. M. j
Probabilities.
The barometer will probably fall very gen
erally on Wednesday in the Gulf ami At
lantic States, with cloud and rain to-night in
Gulf States and threatening weather on
Wednesday from the Low er Lakes to the
Middle and South Atlantic coast. The low
pressure in Illinois w ill probably move east
and northeastward proceeded by southeasterly
winds in the Middle States and followed to
night by increasing northwesterly winds on
Lake Michigan. Areas of r.iin are apparent
ly developing in Virginia, Pennsylvania, Illi
nois, Michigan and Louisiana.
IIosloii Hunk Statement.
Boston, 12. Statement of Boston National
Banks as returned to the Clearing House,
Dec. 11th
Capital, $48,050,005
Loans, 114,250,054
Decrease, 4,073,775
Specie, 1,095,922
Increase, 185,806
Legal tender, 1.095,686
Decrease. 193,047
Due from other Banks. 19,378,145
Increase, 152,847
Due to other banks, 18,354,331
Increase, 115.672
Deposits, 44,186,657
Decrease, 660,755
Circulation, 25,644,212
Decrease, 49,405
Seventeen Persons Frozen to Deutii,
St. Louis, 12. A gentleman who arrived
in Kansas City on Saturday, informed the
Times that on the Sunday previous a terrible
rtliuii ucuii'ica t OaUui ^cuuaAd.
A party of emigrants were passing through
the county westward, when the cold constant
ly increasing they concluded to camp. They
were on a piece of high prairie several miles
from any house, hut three miles from them
was a piece of timber land. After unhitching
their teams the men started to procure fuel.
Not returning for several hours the women
left the children and started to hunt them up.
The next day the bodies of 17 persons who
perished from the intense cold were found.
The children left in the wagons were the only
survivors.
Telegraph News In General.
Quebtc, 12. Two mail carriers of the Is
land of Orleans were drowned, fall ng thro’
the ice while on their way to Quebec o.i Sat
urday.
Trenton. N. J., 12. The murderer of Pet
llalsted, who was sentenced to he hung at
Newark on the 21st, has been reprived by the
Governor till Jan. 26th.
Porlland, Me.. 12. The steamship Prus
sia from Liverpool on the 30th ult., and
I Londonderry the 1st in-t., arrived to-night.
Shelias one case of small pox on hoard.
She anchored at the quarantine.
Columbia, S. C., 12. In the U. S. circuit
court to-day, II. 11. Mitchell of York, was
arraigned under the Ku Klux law on a charge
ot conspiracy. The jury consists of two
white? and ten blacks.
FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL
New York Money Market.
New York. December 12.
Cold closed at 101)*,'
United Stares Sixes (coupons;, lssi, n7;, 3
2) 0-20* 1062, llOt J
ism lion9
isos, in* a
1S05, Jan. July, 11.1 *a
lsti7, 11.V, a
.IMIS 110*8
I* lu-to’a.icoupons)’ 10P), a
I'acitl i txes, luj* <j
Uontr.d Purullcsl 017,8
t'nion j
New York Stock Market*
Si w York. December, 12.
Mariposa do pld.. Canton to #o Cum
hcrlaud Co. 40 Western Union Tel Co., 08
Qui«.ksdver Mining Co„ 23; Pacific Mail,
Boston V\ ater Power, 40 Adams Ex. to.. l*i
Wells. Fargo Co., 5C*•£ American Merchants Un
«M7«; U. 8. Ex. Co., 50.4 N. V. Central X liud&ou
Bivtr. 1*3*4 do. u*rip. Erie, do. pfd.
Harlem, 128 do. pld 130 Reading. 114'?,; Mich.
I eulrnl. 118 Lake dhore and Micuigun southern
81 Illinois Central 133 {Cleveland A Pittsburg,
121 C hicago X North Western. »d do. pld 8‘.*\
Chicago X Rock Island. 1034; Mil. X St. Paul 5.3*4
do. pld.. 77*4 Toledo, Wabash X Western, 01
do. pld 01 Pittsburg X 4 ort Wayne, bd {Terre*
H tide, do. pld Alton, do, pfd
Ohio A Miss., 42*« {Boston, Hartford X Erie. 3
New York Produce Market*
New York, December, 12.
COTTON—sales 2502 bales; mid. uplands20l;.
FLOUR— 710; state 5S5g 700. round hoop Ohio
*.'5-j7>5 western 5 S5ft7 25, southern OOgb 25.
W HEAT bl00 bu; No. 2 spring 152£ 154 new
»'o 2 do {winter red ami amber western 1.58 ©bio.
CORN— 58000 new mixed western 77*9B78
00
OATS—sales ttioiO western 60 ©57
PORK— new inejs, ©KLfiu. oi l, 13.75
JO.Ou. prime,
LARD bs, a'.tX steam; g {kettle, 10S
RUTTER— H e.st’n. 12gl3; stute, 3I©34.
WHJSKEY Western free, 1.05,
RICE—Carolina, 8.V£9
SUGAR— Porto Rico, Muscovado. SS'g54
STATE NEWS.
The Musical Convention held in Saco last
week was a grand success. The members of
the Convention bear testimony to the skill of
Prof. Emerson, and to the great value of his
instructions to choir singers.
The temperance people of Koeklan 1 are
taking active measures to sustain and urge
on the municipal authorities in their efforts
to suppress the liquor traffic in that city.
The Camden Herald gays that there is
some talk of union of interests to build a
solid wharf at Kockland, with granite walls,
front Crocket Point. Such a wharf would
accommodate most of the steamers coming fo
Kuekland. as well as sailing vessels, and be
a great public convenience.
At the last meeting of the Portland city
council, the declaratory resolution favoring
exemption from the municipal taxation for
ten years of all approved manufacturing en
terprises hereafter established, were passed by
a yea and nay vote, 14 to 4.
Hay is very scarce in Oxford county, and
can hardly be obtained at twenty-five dollars
per ton. Potatoes are plenty at .05 cents;
beans scarce at §0 to §3.57 per bushel; wood
'plenty at §4 per cord.
A correspondent of the Whig says that the
Celebrated Deles. I.ebruke has been arrested
in Dexter for stealing S14j from Francis
Ames of Glenburg, last March Since that
time he has again been arraigned fur resist
ing and threatening officer Shepherd with
a loaded pistol, waived an examination, and
tor want of bail was committed on both
charges. Ibis is the same Lebruke who was
ace-quitted at Dovor a few days since, from
all charges, especially for putting to flight all
the officers in l’iscataquis county, in their at
tempts to arrest him.
The following are the recent business
changes in Maine:
Augusta—Clapp North, booksellers;
senior members of the firm sold out to his
partner, Horace North.
Bangor—Marge-son I'pton, boots, -hoes
&c.; new* firm—Alex. Morgcssou and Geo.
A. Upton.
Athens—A. C. Wade, Gen. Store; sold
out to Calvin Jones.
lloulton—Smith Kenney, Hardware;
sold out to John Watson.
Abner Weiks, Gen. Store: sold out to
Traflun and Clough.
Richmond.—A. 11. Walker Co., Mirs.
Boots and Shoes; dissolved.
Portland.—Sawyer .si. Woodford; agricul
tural implements &c.; dissolved; now W. C.
Sawyer.
The annual meeting of the Winterpnrt
Railroad Company w ill he iiohh n at the Ban
gor House on Monduy, January 1st, 1n72.
John M. l’irry has been appointed post
master at West Auburn, in place of 11. M.
Parehard, resigned.
Portland items from the Press: Sunday
morning officer Corliss and Stover found a
woman wandering about on Congress street
evidently laboring under aberration of mind.
They took her to the station, and she gave
In r name as Thrasher. She resides in Cape
Elizabeth and w as taken home by her friends.
It seems she got up and dressed herself some
time in the night ami wandered into the city.
Saturday night Mr. J. \Y. Munger's carriage
got entangled in one of the horse ear tracks
at the corner ot Spring and Emery streets
and upstt. throw ing out Mr. Munger into the
gutter, lie was taken up and though some
what stunned w as not seriously injured. Sun
day morning a f seaman on hoard the brig
Agnes Raymond, hound for Boston, fell from
aloft while the vessel was oil' this port and
broke bis jaw in two places and one of bis
arms. The brig put in hero and the man was
taken to the hospital.
Fernando Pratt, of Dover got his arm
caught by a belt in Brown's woolen mill, Fri
day forenoon, badly crushing the bones of
the forearm. Mr. Pratt had been in poor
health for some time, aud has just com
mented work again when the accident oc
curred.
SjJ(«un. S. P. Strickland of llangor, gives no
1 tiee ot a petition to the Legislature to have
i the sealing of logs regulated by law.
Kennebeeers who are earnestly praying for
sleighing, will he gratified, perhaps, tw know,
i that it is very excellent sleighing in Franklin
county.
Washington Matters.
Tho Boston Jo.nal eorrespondenco on
Presidential speculating says
Thus far General Grant is decidedly fore
most among the Republicans named, but the
debate of to-day in the Senate shows that his
Administration is to be attacked, and it is
well understood that there will soon be a
demonstration in Congress in favor ot a single
term. It will, however, be a very difficult
matter to overturn the strong public senti
ment in favor of the rc-nomination of the
Conqueror of the Rebellion, who lias so well
and so wisely administered public atl'airs dur
ing the past three years.
The bill introduced by Mr. Lynch Monday
authorizing the commissioner ot internal rev
enue to remit and p .y back all taxes on the
sales ol vessels under the act ol October 3,
1808, goes at once to the ways and means
committee, where it is sure of an early con
sideration and probably of a favorable report.
The tax has never been collected, having
been suspended on the protest of some ot the
assessed parties, but within a month or two
Commissioner Douglass has ordered its col
lection. The commissioner, however, favors
the repeal of the law, and it is quite likely
that a provision repealing the income tax
and the tax on several smaller manufactures
will accompany the hill when it returns to the
House.
The correspondent of the Advertiser says
The incident of the day in the Senate was
Judge Trumbull's speech in favor of his reso
lution reviving the joint retrenchment com
mittee and demanding that the Senate should
substitute it lor Mr Conkling’s resolution,
referring the investigation of the Hodge de
falcation to the military committee. The
speech was the most vigorous and plainly put
ot tite session, and had evident (.fleet on the
Senators. Mr. Trumbull will renew the sub
ject to-morrow, and hopes to carry the reso
lution, and also to convince several of his
suspicious associates that he means no attack
on the administration, and is not executing
by the flank a movement which lie would not
dare to make in front. It is an honest,
searching measure for civil service reform,
and efficiency and a higher and purer stand
ard in all branches of the government ser
vice. Should the resolution he defeated,
however, no unpleasant question as to the
place of Senator Scliurz oil the committee
could arise.
The Internationalists.
The members of the International Society
arrested yesterday for attempting to para e
were arraigned in.tile police court this morn
ing and discharged, ih'roni an early hour in
the morning a large number of members ot
tlie International Society, distiuquisliahle by
tiieir foreign appearance, frequency of ges
ture and excited speech, to say nothing of the
small ribbons which all wore in their button
holes, assembled outside tlie court, and there
waited tlie arrival of ihcir imprisoned breth
ren. They were all very indignant, and
talked loudly with many expletives regarding
tlie conduct of tlie police which they con
tended was unjustifiable in point ot law and
ail outrage on tiieir rights and privileges as
citizens. Suddenly their excitement grew
more intense, fur coming down Clinton place
they could see the five Internationalist pris
oners under the charge of officers on their
way to the court roout. After the policemen
had made their charge of disorderly conduct
on Sunday, Judge Sliandley said: ‘T con
sider, men, that if you have been guilty of
any offense whatever, your having been
locked up in a station-house last night is
ample punishment. You are discharged.
You can home.” The prisoners boVed nnd
tiieir friends in tlie court-room clapped tiieir
hands nnd applauded vehemently. \Vh>n
the prisoners reached the sidewalk they were
surrounded by the crowd of triends who had
been in waging there and clieertd vehement
ly. Congratulations poured in from all
sides, and one enthusiastic friend invited all
to a breakfast. It was accepted. Hut tile
party previously went to police head-quart
ers and obtained an order for the captured
banner which they then obtained at the sta
tion-house. The released internationalists
then had tiieir breakfast.
At a meeting to-night at Xo. 100 Prince
street, about eight hundred delegates from
tlie international and cosmopolitan societies
were present. Inflammatory speeches were
made denouncing the action of the city au
thorities, and it was unanimously decided to
parade on next Sunday at any cost. Tlie ex
citement was intense, ami a member who
proposes a vote o"f thanks to the judge who
had released the prisoner, was roughly
handled. The indignation of the crowd was
indiscriminate, and extended to all adminis
trators of law and conservators of the public
order.—Iloston Advertiser.
MAYk IIY MAIL..
There have been twenty new eases siml
three deaths by small-pox in New York since
Sunday.
A despatch from Bombay states that the
cholera is raging with great fut ility among
the natives of l.ueknow and vicinity.
It is reported that the leading reformers o'
New York have a full understanding with
Mayor Hall as to his future official action.
The owners of the Nova Scotia coal mines
are pleased at Buutwell's proposal to reduce
the duty to fifty cents a ton. and hope Cong
ress w ill go turthcr by removing all duty.
The strike of telegraph operators in Eng
land continues, and there is great embarrass
melit. The public wires are crowded with
messages. Serious delays are expected in
l>oth public and private service.
The constant round of receptions, presen
tations, halls, banquets, and musical festivals
of the past w eek, ill which the Grand Duke
has been the central figure, has rather worn
upon the naturally robust constitution of the
imperial visitor, who was slightly indisposed
Monday.
lteturns to the Bureau of Statistics from
Eastport, Me., for the quarter ending Sept.
Both, 1*71. showed the arrival at that port ol
11021 immigrants from British Provinces. Of
these 2534 were adult males, 233 of whom
are reported as ship carpenters, and the re
mainder as fanners and farm laborers.
'1 he Register of the Treasury on Monday
furnished to tho owners of the schooner
Otter Rock, of Castine, Me,, a copy of the
enrollment under which the vessel was sail
ing at the time of her capture hy the rebel
steamer Tallahassee ou Oct. 8, 1884. The
enrollment is to he used us evidence before
the Geneva Commission.
Mayor Gaston was re-elected in Boston,
Monday, by a plurality of 3till 1 votes.
Col. John Meserve, for many years a resi
dent of South Berwiek, Ale., hut lately of
Rochester, N. 11., where lie lived with his
son, Samuel Meserve, Esq., the well known
Mason, fell dead of heart disease Thursday
last, lie left home ir. usual health in the
morning, went into the house of a married
daughter at Great Falls, said, “Well 1 have
come to see you but must go right back,” fell
forward into her arms and instantly expired,
lie w as 80 years old, and a pensioner of the
war of 181”.
A sensation was created in Berlin by the
Czar’s speech at Georgenfest, which is re
garded as an end to French hopes and a guar
antee of peace in Europe.
I John l’ettit and Izzy I.azarus, convicted of
illegal registration in New York, have been
sentenced respectively to two and a halt and
one year in the State prison
The second trial of the case of the widow of
Deputy-Sheriff Madden of Brooklyn, tor the
recovery of damages for his death on the
steamer Westfield has begun.
A d iring highway robbery and attempt at
murder recently occurred near Rochester, a
youDg man named Gridin who was returning
home with the proceeds ot two loads of hay
1 being assailed and plundered by two men
whom he permitted to ride upon his team.
He received several terrble scalp wonndi
from a hammer, hut la not fatally injured.
The robbers have been identified as William
Heavey and John Moran, and have been held
for trial.
A letter in the New York Evening Post,
from Messrs. Evans and Cushing deny that
they have ever givtn an expression to a cor
respondent of that paper of dissatisfaction
with Bancroft Davis's course on the Oeneva
conference.
It is rumored that Joseph Fowler, who
died at Mannahassett, L. I., in August, was
poisoned hy his wife, who deserted him for
younger brother. His body was exhumed
and ilie stomach is in the hands of Prof.
Doremus for analysis.
It appears that Samuel Wallace, who was
arrested in New York as a swindler, was a
colonel in Sherman’s army, and is held in
charge of altering a forged check.
Rutland finds that through the lease of tha
Rensselaer and Saratoga Railroad by the
Delaware and Hudson canal, it is to become
tile great coal centre station of western Ver
mont. Coal is now brought direct from the
mines in Pennsylvania without breaking
bulk.
A pedler of dry-goods, while at West Ran
dolph, Vt., on Saturday, had $1000 worth of
goods stblen from his cart.
The Vermont Temperance Society has ita
annual meeting at Middlebury on the 20th
instant.
THE BEST BOYS’ AND GIRLS* MONTHLY
MAGAZINE.
DEMOREST’S YOUNG AMERICA.
Always sparkling with Interesting Stories, Po
ems, Music, Puzzels. Travels, Games und other
Pleasing Features, ,11 PKOFl'SELY ILLLSTRA
T a ml calculated to amuse, instruct, and elevate
the taete of the young, and make their lives use
ful. truthful, and nappy.
Single copies, lo cts., post-free. Yearly, $1, or
with a choice of the following beautiful and valu
able rein lum* to each subscriber lor AO cts.* xtra;
a tine Parlor Chr- mo, worth $5, or two interesting
•Juvenile Books, bound in cloth and gilt, worth
$1 75. po-t free; or a flue pearl-handled two-blade
Pocket Knife and a p diet of best Paints, post-free;
or a very powerful i ra-s-mounted, double-cylinder,
ivoiy-ti ped, adjust.ible Microscope, worth $2 post
Mg 2t cts.; or a good Stereoscope with a series of
view postage 18 cts.; or an elegant Photograph
Album for boding 50 pictu.es, postage l(i cents.;
and valuable premiums for c ubs. Address W.
.Jennings Demokest, 838 Broadway, New York.
dcc7-t&wlt
Who are unable to buy Adamson’*
T3T3 Botanic Balsam. Cures Colds,
llDiJ Coughs, Sore Throat, Hoarseness
Influenza and all diseases of the
TV* A Lungs. Circulars free, with teatimo
X V/ nials from best men in the country.
J. W. Perkins Co., whol sale
ATT Agent, Portland. F. W. Kinsman,
Proprietor, 142 Water St., Augusta,
__ Me. _dec6-w4m
DIARIES
—AND—
MAINE FARMER'S ALMANACS
FOR. 1 8 7 B
-FOB SALE BY
Horace IN'orth,
(Of the late firm Clapp North)
Bookseller Stationer,
155 Water Street,
3'vw AUGUSTA, MK.
Stray Cow.
('I A ME into the enclosure of the subscriber in.
J -Monmouth, about a week since, a red BEEF
cow. with white spots on several parts of the body,
and apparently some twelve years of age. I have
posted notices of this fact in several public places
m town, und understand that the animal has been
straying about town for some six weeks.
WM. K. DUDLEY.
Monmouth. Nov. 27, 1871. nov30-rltw2w
NO MORE WET FEET.
CABLE SCREW WIRE.
AS A FASTENING FOB
BOOTS AND SHOES,
Is rapidly and steadily superseding both Thread
and Pegs. Besides furnishing the most durable,
pliable and economical boot ever offered the public,
it affo ds mi article more nearly
WATERPIIOOP
than ever before made ol the same materials.
All Dealers sell Cable Wired Goods*
Patent Stump on all.
novl6-teod7w
C1ON8TANTLY receiving at our store, north end
Water street,
Flour, Meal, Cracked Corn,
And all kinds of Feed. Good Flour for $860, Yel
low Corn Alt ai 95 cts., Mixed Corn Meal 5*3 cts., or
a- low as at any other .-tore in the city. Cash paid
for Pressed Hay, Straw and Swale Hay.
31. DEE <$i CO., Augusta,
47-tf
HISTORY of™ great fires
In CHICAGO and the* WEST by Key. E. J. i.oou
srEEU. l> of Chicago. The only com plete Ilia*
tory of these great event*. 000 8vo*. page*. 50 En
graving price ♦»>^outfit, $1.00. 7o 0U0; already
sidd. l’roUta go to eutferers. Agent* winded.
Address II. S. UOO|>$PEEl> A CO., 37 Park Kow,
New York, or J. W. Coodspeed, Chicago, St. Louis,
or Cincinnati. dec6»w$m
HALFORD
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE.
The Rest Sauce and Relish
Wade In any part of the world
FOR FAMILY USE.
TOKKI1.YD OF ALL FIRST-CLASS GROCERS
u A I lie
VEGETABLE SICILIAN
HAIR
-'Renewer.
PHYSICIANS AND OLEBGYMEN
Testify to its merits iu reatoringGRAY HAIR toils
original color and promoting its growth. It makes
the hair soft and glossy. The old in appearance
itre made young again. It is the best
Hair Dressing
ever used. It remove* all Dandruff und Scurvy
Eruptions. It does not stain the skin.
Our Treatise on the Hair sent (lee by mail.
Beware of the numerous preparations which are
sold upon our reputation.
It. I*. HALL St CO Nashua, N. H„ Proprietors.
For fsile by all druggists. 4w48
Twenty-eight Tear*’ Practice.
iu tbc treatment of Diseases incident to Females
has placed DU. DOW at the head of all physlclana
inakiugsuch praeticcaspccialty.and enables him to
guarantee a speedy aud permanent cure from
w hatever cause. All letters for advice must cob.
tain *1. Office, No. u Exdicott Stbebt, Boston.
N. It.—Board ftimished tothose desiring to reman
under treatment.
Boston, July, 1*71. lyW