MEW YORK.
Safe Arrival of (he Grand Duke
Alexis.
What is Said About the Sav
ings Banks Suspensions.
thk howling cukf.n savings hank suspension.
NSW YOKK. Nov. li*. —The Sunday JlrrtihJ says
••The primary cause of the Mispen*i-*n ofnho
Fowling (Iret n Sa\ lugs Hank is said to have b« t*n
u loss of a quarter of a million dollars in Hannibal
A st. jo.-epli stock, in which the ollia r* mid
1 hrcctors arc allcg'-d to have fpiscul.itc.l with lm
funds. William Heims, lt< Sect clary, stated la-t
evening that it would not be able to open it,
doors soon, if at all. Il«* any* thu liabilities and
a--ets are eaeh about half a million. Mid that
the bank will be able, after a while,
to meet every obligation. The otliccra
lia\e r.nipJi- ►••entities, but have been
obliged to bear the odliuu of connection with the
ring for three months, audio rjf.se money had
to sell securities at a heavy discount. Mr.
Toomp is said to have been appointed Receiver.”
The h'orld says: ‘‘Judge Hogan, win* Isono
o f tin-Directors of the bank, said la~t night that,
unless ihens wus fraud, there could no serious
trouble result. If thetv was fraud, he would
not be sorry to sen the guilty man strung to a
iamppo.-l, ami the j*our, whose imurdod dollar*
bad been taken from them, would be likely to
lake the law into their own hands. The Judge
never attended tie meeting of the hoard,
though nominally an ulliccr. The. Secretary and
Walter Rochc. however, assured him ih.it all was
right.
AUUTVAt. OF AI.F.XTS.
lowly this morning the Russian frigate Bvol
liwid arrived! safely oil’ tho light-ship with the
(H and Hukc Alexis on board. She experienced
strong head winds :md heavy seas nearly the
wholo pjissjigc. The otlleer on duty made imme
diate iliijuiry If oilier vessels of the Russian tied
had yet reached port, and. when informed
that they had, imnn-diately comnmni
catod the jntclligcnco to thuso on
board Ute Svctl.ind. Aloud cheer soon testified
that the news of the safety of their comnauinns
hml reached the cars of tho crow of tho flag
ship.
A T»CNI\I-
Tlso oniccrs of the National Saving's Institution,
comer of Houston street jiud Hroadway, of
which John Meitrid*! Davison, the Ring’s safe
man, is President, th-.ny that it has suspended,
;aid say that It will he open on Monday, pn-pxred
to pay all demands, and that every depositor is
fully secured. Arrangements j*ro made to un-et
nn (iitrjiordiuary drain. Richard M. Tweed is
o«« of tlie Trustees.
AMITURt; SAVINGS HANK IN TnOntl.B.
A rumor fa.-t evening said that tho Yorkvlllft
Savings Hunk, of which Henry W. Geuol is'l’resi
dent. Inn! home ;i heavy run; that tts’assrts
wm entirely iiisulficient, and that a crash i« In
evitable. The depositor* am mainly of tho poor
er clauses. The ofiiccrs of this Jusiitutbm *;iy
thorn was no run upon it; that Its deposit* are
under suw,ooo; that its Directors am men of
wo*l Ji, mu! will bauble tn make good any de
ticiencica in the tve-ut of insolvency. They repu
diate any connection with the King.
Richard Tweed nfti«-e.s from the Metropolitan
Hotel on the i.*i yf Jx-coiubcr, and Mr. W. Wilkin
s**n lakes his place
nn: viam ct rumvav company
will lie onranizcil next Weiln-sday. Fifteen of
2h#i twciiiy-ijve Hi-ccuru have 1 esigned, and
J ludr ki;ci will he men diseouneoted with
the Him: and city Government. Commodore
VuLde-j iiilt s- im‘niieiic*d as urn* of the new mem
r**-r*. Utiei tp l.avtr heeu made to have aweeut-y
remain. he lively decline*.. Tweed .vu*l
Counoliy are ceii-iinly out. It is believed that
I ho plan* lor rebuilding the road am anundanger
t-d.
rjlASon Or -M.I.Cr.IANCE.
Applications were tur.de at the British Consu
late yesterday, hy three naturalized citizens, for
I*ei uahciuo to resume- allegiance to Ureal linl
swu.
MORMON rtirßi-ZI nBKIKIXO IT
The WlHianishurch M.u 11111:1 Church Nbreak.’ng
up. Mott of the leaders have cone to Utah.
!in,ni iirnsHD.
Uio St, Andrew's Ilpifcopal 1 imreli, corner of
Tv enty-third ,-tn-et met Fourth uvcmiu, burned
mght. la.ss, »i2.eee.
ARoin ioN CASi:.
Mrs. Allen Young, .-nii to he a victim of ;m
:-t‘. rtieiii>i Tiaiiicu hr*. I'jilmpr.of Wiliiam.-burgh.
v;i> found in Broome .-tr.-«-l la-t nrgiil in ;i crili
-1 ..I comiilu>n, and to the liusptl.il.
Till. TfHC
Ametii. .ll (Jill beat W. 1!. Allen at Fleetwood,
TefiPidny. in the d> ferred beat of the race of .Vo
wmber u, :n 1-2.
.le.dvo Bawling hn«i m uli-Dced two proprietors
'•f keno csi;Jiiislmn-ms cs-hto six iu the
PcoUcutkry piida llm*vCi-io.
A CillOA.iO priTF.RKit.
Mr«. Ann ’Mcriellan. a Chicago suiTi-rcr, applied
for Imlging r.l tin; polic** station in Astoria, last
night, him kept a htcmliu*: huuso at the corner
of Main and Market Kinds, iu Chicago, where
she was in ceinfort'jhle circumstance*, but lost
v«g Tilling hy Hu* great tiro. She bus made her
way i-iribl ui search of irk-mls.
WASHINGTON,
UrMtVr.U. ANT» ATTOrSTMF.XT.
■Washix-iton, Nov. I?.— Tlie President ha« ro
moved United .stales UMrJct A Homey Smith, of
7 he Middle nislilct of Tenneseco, for «nprof**a
*.iooal conduct. U seems that Smith sent up a
case to the Supreme Court on a bill of exceptions.
hr record transmitted failing to show that Hie
•exception* were taken iu due form. Pending the
trial the record was sent back for correction, and
Smith, on receiving it. interlined, after the wont
exceptions" in the record, the v -rd*. “then and
there taken." Hubsenuently it ascertained
?hat this was an entire misKl.-uenumt, thoexcep
‘anus not having been taken vending lUe trial,
i-or thi-* tampering with the records of tho
r,.urt tin* Pr«-sideDt promptly retnoxed him yon
terdny, and apxMinleil Horace 11. Harrison as sue
cveding- 1 will bo Instirntod against Smith.
i;r-KU x nusuNEK*.
At the hist c..’is..! inccting Attorney (ten-ral
Akennan r*'p«- i' d he had 2,000 prisoner* iu
South |Cai«diua ah-tcaptured under tho Kit-
Kluxnct. A debate followed ns to the ability of
ike courts or of the General Government lo take
,-arc of -olaige a proportion of the population,
r.ud the general disposition was manifested to
hrtvo lh**i iim-sts wmicwhsu restricted, uud if
iMw.-itih* confined I'* those lu-iertaiued to be active
m -Juo Ku-Klux «»r*ler.
fcOlTlf t'AUOI.INA ITSASIT.S.
Informal ton from South Carolina is to Die effect
ll;al purtiat mvoftigatieii develops the fact that
miller each act antlmriziug the issue of bond
tisoi-eha* U*» n large over issue, I'nder the act
funding the 0.11.- of the hanks of the Stale, the
ov.T-i-stu- o;.s sitiou* half a lulih.m. The issue
under the act of Is'-s.to relievo the Treasury, was
nnirij double.aud tuai* r the conversion act even
tvi<r*c. Suits arc to be in-Ululed ai oueo agaiiLst
ai; tins panics.
rostinnMer T’rnssvr. of 'j\ unc&scc, lui arrived
Jo look ini*' the condition el the charges laud/
aiadc iigemri him.
(To lli<* •AFKH.’lalw! Press.}
HIK IMiUS U..UT. I'til.lCV
auuht i!h' Pacitlf
iviiiru «?mih n «:5t jimvi* ;m ihipnrj-iut<p tho
rxj ’*'ii f «‘l linti:U ali.Urs m nnl«T U* Jifivo;*-
t4i.1l uMiriaily v li«*lu*v Ua* i«olu*y luk" proved
MUWM*tul.
l in: \m
-M iti.rtilv;
11: tr out) lln* widow
I. 111 lW OultA
:t: -nr* is
Trill mtvi
••a I clmili.' at r a lit
Ciiiiil* a.aiu.u,
a J uJif. 'I ln s-Ji
Oil'
Tlton- i a Ji’S’t:
•r ra«(>d Itrforc
O v.-jj -u.m rr*unu* 11-»
rmi:- jm :.1 *i«!« eisluji to In* mi
nr tit?* ;*rc in.* •*ii»*t »n a:: apm*al from
Hi,* nwi «-M ..miv.*. Imvimr
it V. .i l.ie jam.fid Mi t’jf proe-
I:. 11 i;; li' io> li l’i e lit JllTn cilVn at the
me »>i the ml noi o.t il r day oi tbe
Cute.
War Department IVcaihrr ECeport.
v. r.i.- lke luW o.u.iin.der in
t-ron.-.u v.iH j»r<-'iui*ly extend eastwaid with
Mi>’> t-*t u.'nli .loiii L.ike Kao to Illinois,
ami .ii. pi-* hy ei*udy weather scut
rai l mi tin* ow*t dlrdo**.. Northerly
wiml> am! e'.eav wn Hut ''.II prevnil oa M-uumy
Jn Mi!-fl*"ipi<i -nut Trv:u;. Llomly au t eleanmr
venther w.l ..:u::;;;e in It.. !r..uilu rii S'.;U.j«. e*-
.t j.tuijc I'l'.iiaa. Th; eat-tilng weather wpJi (.ill*
In*’ har.omter riot ala. and on the middle
suul rsv-V Allan;.e I’autiouary s'-dials
i-t I l.a-ago, Milwaukee and Ur.iml
aSnriur.
Pflilors arc In demand :vt Detroit at a day.
—Tli*' ;ug:-am. i* asi:nr«- :it South ikiy.
Tho schooner tb'orge Toole. of Detroit, was
ashore at the iiieuili ki I lie Siagaru Uiver, bed
Thmeday.
—The Advance. T-J:icb was reported lo«t. with
all her crew, arrived ben on Saturday morning.
-A bar i* burning outside of ‘Milwaukee*
abreast of the lichtli.mm*. Tho schooner Aimlo
sfcerweod. lH*iik«i out, ;:umnded on It on Wednes
day afternoon, ami poumUd tifueu minute* be
fore she eonhl he released.
—The. Captain of the schooner Speed. which ar
rired here on Saturday morning. reports that, on
j-'riday morning. he passed a wrect about thine
miles oIT Foil Wai-hinglou. The vessel appeared
to bo waterlogged.
Tr*«rl« Pant'd I>clroil.
Ppcclnl JHvpatrli to The Chicago Tnbnne.
pKTKotr. N’ov.n*— Evening.— l*ass*i» Ue—Props
Cordon Campbell, Pacific; harks June Jtejl.
jvnsaukec. Cry of Pahtesville, Advance. 1- C.
Woodrvl!; sehf* Orient Osborn. John Miner,
Uurimi Kagan. Jfcwrtioy, Minnie Slausou.
Passko l>owx—t-chrs Montpelier, Granada.
Ironsides.
IT XM»—Southeast.
Telegraphic Itrerliie*.
A mob. on Saturday night, at Brookvlllo. lud.,
forced the Jail and attempted to take Chick, the
murderer of bis father-in-law, at Lawrenceburg,
this State, u year since, therefrom. Chick knocked
the first man iu the cell down, taking his revolver
from him, and defended himself bravely.
U»ny of the mob wero hurt. The
jailor, in the meantime. escaped, and
rang the lire alarm, bringing the citizens to Uls
aid, wluieu|»ou the moh scattered. Many
verc recognized. Chick has been granted a new
trial, and it Is feared that his sentence may ho
light nr hi- dismissed. The mob numbered seven
ty-five persons, who haded from Aurora, lud..
and vicinity-
—Tlie chief salesman of the house of (Jann A
Co., prominent hardware dealers in Cincinnati,
Las been difcovored practising system of em
bezzle nu nt upon the linn, wblcli has extended
through a number of years, and which aggregates
about ft:i.(X<». Tile course pursued was to
ship poods to innocent cuflmucM in Chic »go,
v -who w* re m.-'dc to believe that by getting them
through tli*' salesmen they were procuring them
IvhciijK-r. 'Jl.e goods thus shipped wen* never
•rnteicd on the firm’s books, 'j ho oir.?nder was
-rousi.bnd above susp.eiou. When confronted
by a* csi s lu- cufessed Mid made arrangements
by which tl.o part of the umoaat will hiij
returned to the Arm.his friends agreeing to make
ul* the deficit, _
—Mayor Ganton. of RoMon. accepts the Demo
cratlr nomination for re-election,nml tho present
iudlcatloiiH arc that ho will ho endorsed by the
Republicans.
—On H.itunlny afternoon the horses attached to
a farm wagon, near Fort Wayne, took fright and
started on a mn. Tho occupants, a gentleman
mid a young lady, .lumped to their lives.
The hitter, named Mary Opliger, fractured h**r
skull, and, it Is thought, brake hep nock. Sim
died yesterday morning from her injuries.
—The Jewelry Morn of T. AS, Franks, in Phlla
dclphhi, was rubbed on Bund »v night of ft>o,oou
worth of watches. etc. Ono burglar enure,iiod
Mtuself In the upper part of tbe building iu the
dnj-time, and admitted his confederates during
the night.
-Tie- tobacco growers In rub* havedDno«“d of
all their i.mmmutuetnrcd tobacco.
—A Fpechd from Host on savs nman named duo.
G. Hinton, a barber, was ariv-tcd in l.vna.Ma-vc.
on Saturday night, ehargetl with beating hi*
wtfe in a brutal ttmmn-r, and th- ii pourhrr kero
sene over l;cr :>r.d setting her «»n tin*. She was
literally roasted to death, and the body.-till
horning when found, presented a sicken
ing sight. There wen* marks of
violence t*n the head cocsieih.g of
two or three gashes, looking ns though lb*-v lvv.l
been made with some blunt' in.-trument. On the
breast were several wounds which appeared to
Ins vclK-tn caused byM»;ue::gcney hosides tbe ftanies.
The* n-iilims were rendered nWccogal/able. nnd
the hair was burned dose totliO head. IcarUigthe
skull bare and horribly crisped, and the black
lle.-li dropping from this hands, anus, ami body.
Kt. bonia r.ibel 5)ul(«.
PT. I/OT'l?-, Nov. if*.— Some days ago lUe Tu.iffi.
of this city, published an artMo mating Hint the
wife of a prominent homo-opathic physieltn
Imd bt, n false to her husband. ami left him with
ii yonng man fiont the East. I/: Hartmann, u
w< li-knuwn physician and romcwhul prominent
politician of this city, state* that no and huv wife
arc Uni parties referred to in the article,
andyesterday a suit was entered In the Circuit
Couit Iu their names against the claiming
f.w.oco damage for slander. Hr. llartmauu also
entered a suit iu his own name against the sumo
pai*cr, for (2i,00u damages, for an alleged slander
eoiilitiucd in another publication, referring to
HartniumiV connection with Emile SiL-isky. the
late defaulting Tminimr of this city.
A Queer Will.
j\ short time since, Mr. William Dunlop, of
(laiinrahl, Colboruo towusliin. C- W. t de
parted tbm life, leaving the following jlb hia
last tvill ami testament. Jt is now being con
tested in r.-banecry in tbo distiict of Huron,
on the ground that tho author was insano:
In th«- name of God, Amen. 1 William Duulop.
ofG;ilrbrjii*l.ln the township of Colbomc, and
d.strict of Huron, Western Csinadji, JNqnire, Us
ing in sound healih, and my mind just as usual.
which my friend* who Hatter mo fiay Is nogrext
shakes nt the beet of time, do make this my last
Avlll and testament, us follows;
Revoking, of course, alt former willß.T leave the
properly ol Gjurbrahi, und all other honied nroje
erty 1 may dlo poescesed i»f, to my sisters Ellen
Hoyle Story ami Eiiwil*cth Hoylo Dunlop, tho for
mer because she Is married io a minister whom
(God help) she limp* I rks. the latter bccjiil-e she is
n.arra d t«* in*bo«ly, nor D *he likely to for aim
lean old timid and not market-ripe and also 1
leave to them Jiud their heirs niy share of the
eio<-k jiud iinplvmonta on tin- farm pmvldcd.
always, that tlic enclosure around my brother’s
pm\c lie n-served and If cithershoulddicwitho.it
is.sm* then the other io inherit tho whole. I leave
my sister-in-law, lamina Dunlop, all my share of
the household furniture and fuieh traps, with the
evceptioiiN hereinafter mentioned. I leave my
f-ilv«-r tankard to the eldest a«m of old John, ns
the rcpn-M-nlJitlvc of the family; I would h-ave
it to obi John htniN'lf, but he.would melt it down
to make. temi**-mnee im-duls. und that would bo
noeiTleao: however. A leave myhlg horn snutr
box li* him he can only make iernperanco horn
epeOUA with that.
1 Wave my sisjor Jenny my Bible, formerlv Hie
property of my great-great-grandmother. Bertha
Hamilton. of Wooilimll. and when she knows
as lunch of the spirit of U as she doe*
of the letter, she be anolhc-i£Chri*tsan than she is.
T aNo leave my late brother's watch to my
b;oihercandy.e\lmri;i:g him at tlie same rime
to give up W Piggery. Kadieaiism, and all other
s-ns t hat do most easily he.sct him. I leave my
brother Alien my Mg silver' smittbox, ns I am in
funned that he is rattier a decent Christine, with
a swag belly utid a jolly face. I Mavo j’.irson
Chi va«sie (Magic's hu-baml). thd small box I
got (Mini the s..rnia lailaja as a t-mall token of my
giaidudo tor the service ho has done the family
in taking a sister that no man of taste
would have taken. I leave John Cadecl
a hilvci tea-pot. t„ the erd
that he may drank iea therefrom to comfort him
under the nlhiction of a slatternly wife. I Mare
my hooks to my brother Andrew, because he has
hn a so Mug u jangiy wulhm tin t la* atav learn
tonaif *cjt|i them. I give mv hib er en.i. with a
kuvi r« Ikm m it. io my sister, Jam Graham J)nn
1* I*, het am*c she i-»u «»M mmd and punts, uud.
lla n tore, will nec«*hhiirily lake to horning. and
also my granny's snuff-slicl!, a* rt looks decent to
see an old woman taking hiulK In witness
whereof. I harp hereunto set my ham! and seal.
Cm- ;.l>l day 1 f Auyust. in tho "year of our I.onl
one tlmmeudeijchthumlreda,id forty two.
(Muiu-U) W. JJem.oi*.
The Way td. IBud«oa Couirlbnicd lo the
Chtcngo B-’irr.
K. A. Snivcly, of the Macoupin /,’j./uhvr.
has ibis Moiy coucerniiig Kd. Hudson and
the Ciiivago live:
A day or two before leaving Peoria, wo
heard a good one on Mr. Kd. Hudson, Super
intendent of the P., P. and J. Kailroad. ami
a gentleman well known to railroad men.
rpon hearing of the burning of Chicago, his
111-pit act was to telegraph to all agents to
transport free all provisions for Chicago, end
to nccivc such articles to tlie exclusion of
freight. He tin n .purchased a number of
good hams and sent them homo withare
ip’est to Jus wife to cook them as soon as
possible, mo they might be sent to Chicago,
lie then ordered the baker to pat up lifty
loaves of bread. He was kept busy during
the daj’ until 5 o’clock. Just ns he was start
ing for home the baker informed him the
hundred loaves of bread wen* ready.
But 1 only ordered fifty.” said Kd.
Mrs. Hudson also ordered fifty,’' said the
baker.
“All right.” sai*l Kd„ nnd lie inwardly
blessed ins xvifo for the generous dtisl.
Arriving at home In* fount! hi* little hoy.
dressed in a tint* cloth suit, carrying in wood.
Ho told him that would not do: he must
change his clothes.
Jlut mother sent all my clothes to Chica
go. replied the ln*y.
Filleting the house he found his wife, clad
in a<4 line silk dress, superintending the
cooking. A remark in regard to the matter
elicited the information that slit* had sent
her oilier dresses to Chicago.
The matter was getting serious. Ho sal
down to a supper without butter, because
all that could he purchased had heen sent
toChieauo. Thera were no pickles—the poor
souls in Chicago would relish them so much.
A little put out.*' hut uot a hit angry or
disgusted, Kd. went to the wardrobe to get
his’overeoal. hut it was not there. An in
terrogatory revealed the fact that it titled
in the ho\” real well, aval ho needed it new
overcoat aiu wav, although ho had paid s.’>o
for the one in question only a few days be
fore. An examination revealed the fact that
a!! the rest of his clothes lit I*m! tho box real
nicely, for not a "dud’’ did he possess ex
cept those he had on.
while he admitted the generosity of his
•wife. he thought the matter was getting en
tirely too personal, and turned to her with
the characteristic inquiry
I»o von think wo can stand an «.ic•ore on
that Chicago tiro f"
How Tliff ITlannge Thieving Official* In
C'onMnmiuoplc—Whipping off a War
JTliniMcr lo n I.onclr I'oi lrc*«.
I'roai the Levant ItenUil, Oot. m.
Official circles were yesterday electrified
by news that Emin Bey. cx-First Secretary
to the Sultan: Hussein Avni Pacha, late
Minister of War; and llnsui Pacha, cx-
Ministor of Police, had been suddenly at
tested and shipped otf in a penal exile to a
fortress in Cyprus. The news reached us as
wi- were going to press, hut we abstained
from reporting it till official!)' assured of its
accuracy, Having now received this en
dorsement of the report, we may mention
that tlie inquiry recently instituted by the
Orand Vi/.ier into the administration of the
.Scraskeriat and Znptieh under their date
chiefs revealed a whole mass of almost in
credible abuses. A eoneiirreiit investigation
into the allairs of the palace unite
as Seriously compromised Emin ney.
and. on Hie result of both inquiries
being coiiiiminieated to the Sultan
on Wednesday, His Majesty summoned n
council of Ministers to decide on what
should bo done with tho culprits. This was
held late on Wednesday evening, when it
was decided that all three should be exiled
to a pn»\ inch'd fortress. Cyprus being at toe
same t tine selected as a place of iutemenient.
Accordingly, orders for the arrest of the dis
graced tm.etionaries were i?sned yesterday
morning, and the Iz/cdin steamer was de
tailed tocoavey them to tlie island. Hussein
Avni Pacha, however, has for some days past
been sudoring from a severe swelling of the
face, and Ida medical attendants protested
against his immediate runoval. _ He has,
therefore, been ptnmittcd to remain till the
departure of the next Egyptian steamer
touching at I.amaea, but Emin and Ilusm
were despatched at 10 a. in., yesterday, on
board :hr l/rvdin. The incident. as we have
said, has perfectly electrified official circles
with the most *alutary elVoet in all direc
tions.
A Rnilrond Train in Trouble.
P»om the boston Journal, Not. JC.
At tlnec o'clock, yesterday afternoon, the
water in the long tunnel at Salem was about
three feet deep, and threatened to stop all
travel at this point. As thetrain from Uoek
port. which leaves that town at J o’clock,
approached the entrance to the tunnel, the
engineer noticed tho great body of water
through which he would have to pass iu
order tofreaeh the Salem depot, and he very
much doubted bis ability to force his engine
and train through: bnt ho determined to
make tho attempt, and tiring up. ho crowded
on all steam and dashed toward, the tunnel.
In a moment the puffing engine had darted
into the body of water, and then tho scene
is described us one beautiful in the extreme.
The engine, puffing away, labored through
the llood. throwing the water in
luico billows on each side of tho train,
and tilling the tunnel with immense clouds
of steam. When about iu the middle of its
passage through the tunnel tho water
reached up to the fire in the furnaeo, and for
a few moments nothing could be heard but
the hissing sound. Tho water gained tho
mastery, however, and the tire waa speedily
extinguished. Tho train now began to labor
along at quite a slow rate, and the water en
tering tie ears frightened the pasreiigors.
cs|*ecially the female portion, who expected
momentarily to be consigned to a watery
grave, and they added their cries to the gen
eral chorus. There was no danger whatever,
and tho train forced its way through the re
mainder of the llood, although iu a very
feeble manner, and. the steam giving out,
the train stopped in about two feet of water
at the Salem end of the tunnel. An extra
engine was nm down and drew the cars to
the d» pot, and the passengers arrived in Bos
ton about 4 o’clock.
THE GHICAHG. THIBUHE.S' MONDAY, NOVEMBER
FOREIGN.
The Pope to Leave Rome on the
Assembling of the Italian
Parliament.
Ministerial Crisis iu Spain.
Great Britain.
London. Nor. if*— l.ouis Kossuth has been
ejected a member of this Ixunlun branch of the
International Society.
General Sherman, of the ITnitcd States army,
who is ji ppssenger on the American frigate Wa
bash, now en ruuh from New York for Europe, i*
expected to uirivo in Rnghind in tlic mum It oi
.May. Tho absimr, iu its issue this wonting,
contradicts the report that the General is aent to
Europe on a special mlgfeio:., and Bay- jus trip is
merely one of plemmat*.
France.
Pauls. Nov. l?.—Gnxbctta, Loui* Blanc, and
Victor Hugo h;*vc ivated a card soliciting .-ub-
KTlptions for the relief the families of Cooiuum
isl prisoners.
Italy.
I’ams. Nov. 15.—Tho ConaUUttvmnd ?aya Dac
de Harcourt, French Ambassador to tb I’apil
C<mrt, had sent a telegram to Count do Romania,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, stating that the Pop a
has expressed his intention of lea\ ing Rome
when a bill is presented convening tho- Italian
I’ailiament.
ftpain.
Mai*rit>, Nov. 19.—Tlie movements ef the Radi
cal members of the Corlca havo resulted in the
defeat of the Ministry upon a test question, and
n Cabinet, crisis has occurred. The debates
stt Friday** pitting oi the Corlca were intensidy
exciting, and the session did not break up until
1 o'clock this morning. During tho discussion
upon 0 proposition to censure tho government,
brought forward by tho adherents of Honor
Zorllla. a counter motion was submitted bv
Heitor Ochva. providing for the granting o*f
entire liberty to religious feoclotica throughout
Spain, nnd tho suppression of decrees of tho
provisional government (of which Honor Zorilla
aviu a mnnbor) relative thereto, Pending this a
motion was mad* to declare the silting of tho
Coitcs permanent, and a spirited discussion fol
lowed. Tho Government eventually do
tmmdrd it* rejection a* a cabi
net question, but th*-ir opponeata
had the majority, fur, upon u division of the
hoiiro the motion was bound to bo udonted by a
vote of 173 to lift. Admiral Malcamj*», Prosidout
of the Council of Btute and head of the Ministry,
at unco mounted tho tribune, and rojrd a royal
decree i*rorogulng tho sitting of the Cortes with
out cloy.
The klngtoslay summoned to hfs presence the
Presidents of the two houses for consultation as
to the grave ufq*cct of political allairs. It Ims
sjccc bf come known that the Ministry luivo re
signed in a hody, but the belief is expressed in
Inch uuarters that, wUii some motlirtcation. they
will continue in oilicc.
.Ilex ICO.
Cnv or Mexico. Nov. n, via Havana. ,Vov. 13.
-Mr. Nelson. United States Minister, ha* sent hi*
Sieretary to make an investigation into the* ca*e
of the American bark Brothers, seized hy the
Mexican authorities.
Foitnldiihle revolutions are taking place
thiongho'rt: the country, and a change of the ex
isting covernmem is expected. Tin? Treasury is
bankrupt, and the peuhic are going over to the
reuiluiumhdtf.
PISH PLANKED.
TLo Itinlignam Jlnnufield on the War*
Pnlli.
From the Now York HoraM. Nov. ifi.
Quite a nth* wan cansort .yesterday after
noon among. ’a* /ui/n/m* of tlie Vorki ille Po
lice Court, when it heeanio rumored that the
reiloiibialde .hiinen I'i.sk, Jr., was tirresteil on
isstn ti hy Justice ilixby for malr
eiuip. libel, atid would lie arraigned in coat t
to answer. A np.io l >pr of the knowlttff ones
weic pn hent. but they were disappointed iu
t heir expectations, for ti.e auotr.zed Jim was
taken into the Clerk's room, where the na
luie of the charge airaintd him and the
name of his accuser were read to him. The
ailidavits containing the charges preferred
against biin were two, ami are in substance
as follows: The first affidavit is made by
Helm Josephine Mauslield, of S’o. JLVJ West
Twenty-thud street, who is the complainant-,
and who sv.ij.iK that on .November 1. Ib7l.
the ]»iisonrr. .lai* »s Fisk. Jr., committed a
wilful and maliciors libel upon herbvfalsclv
publishing an allid..vit signed by one Kicharil
K. King, a colored man. formerly employed
by her as waiter. Thu contents of this alii
davit i* a* fallows:
The prim p:d subject of conversation between
Mr.-*. Mam-tldd. 3Vr. Stokes, and Mrs. Williams,
wlm Is. I Iv'icvc. a cousin of Mrs. Mansileld. and
resided with her aom the time 1 went them until
I l«fl. was the mi.Tin**r iu which they prujMv*ed to
make money oat «m‘ Mr. I‘i-k by means of letters
from him to s.-ibl which she said she
had, mid RtaUii« ms* :>v <n'd Mjiiiitlehl of eanver-
Mitions li.-twnm >.r. i Kk and herself, by aclllug
the same to the newsi>;«p’-iK, or compelling Idm
toimythem money to prevent the Home "being
made public ami they said that they could get
a large amount of momy out of Mr. Fisk in that
way. And,among other mutters, said Mrs. Mans-
Held said to said Stoke* tu my hearing. “I have
the k'tlciH. and 1 will giro them to 10 you and les
yon mo the mlo your he*t advantage, and make
all you can out of Mr. Fisk."
1 lit) second aitidavit is as follows iu full,
uud is made by a servant of Mrs. Mans
field:
Maggie j. Warn, being sworn, says I know J.
Fisk, Jr., and have known him for several years.
That said Fisk repeatedly sent for me and a**k«d
me to swear to certain matters attout Mrs. Mans
field and Kd. A. Stokes, and offered ms iuduci*-
UH-nts so to do. 1 told said Fisk I would not
swear to anything of the kind for the whole Krlo
Kailroad. as It would be wholly false, wicked and
untrue, and In* knew It. Fisk soon afterward*
told me he had taken Mrs- Man«tleld's negro
waiter boy. Richard E. King, away from her, and
that King was making with him nearly as much
u day ss he hnd made a month at Mrs. Mans
field's; that King was going to make affidavits
for him: that, ns I am informed, said King left
Mrs. Mansfield's residence in an elegant car
riage, without asking for hi* mouth's wages,
and told me that he did not now want the month's
wages duo him nnd would make her a present of
it. Shortly after this, Fisk read to mo nn
affidavit signed tty said King, containing many
charges against Mrs. Mansfield, Mr. Stoke*, and
Counsellor Hon. Ira 6lmflVr. charging them with
a conspiracy lo Iduckmad said Fi«k. said affidavit
being entirely different from the one signed by
said King im tin-hath day 01 Oetolter, 1871. Fisk
jiskod ims what I thought of King's affidavit. I
told him iFlsk) I thought it was awful, and that
he ought to bo ashamed of himself for gelling
King to make such an affidavit. Fi*k then tola
me I bed better tell Mrs. Mahstield, if 1 was a
friend of hers, tostop making affidavits or draw
ing pajH-rs ugaiiibl lam (Fisk) or she would get
I into trouble.
Mrs. Mansfield's affidavit then goes on to
state that each and every part of said pre
tended conversations as arc contained in the
foregoing extracts in quotation marks, are
wholy false and untrue in every particular,
and procured to he manufactured by said
Janus Fi.-k, Jr,
And further, that sho was the person re
ferred to as “Mrs. Mansfield:’* and it was
Mr. Fisk's intention in publishing this allida
vit to openly ami publicly charge her, with
said Stokes, to blackmail or extort money
from him, said Fisk, who procured said
King, as deponent is informed, for tins ex
press purpose of swearing to anything ho
iFiskl might require of him against her or
said Stokes, and. further, of embarrassing
her-in the prosecution of said Fisk, “in
which work he made a complete and damag
ing exposure of the crimes of said Fisk, Jay
Gould, ami their confederates, and their di
vision of the Erie Kailroad spoils with the
Tammany King, in order to secure through it
protection and immunity for their misdeeds,
and thus fraudulently obtain tho suppression
of other information concerning other crimes
of J. Fisk. Jr., and Jay Gould.
On the strength of the foragoing affidavits
Justice llixby held Mr, Fisk in $“..000 bail to
answerat tho Court of Special Sessions, where
Hie case will be tried, and whatever intoroal-
imr and sniey there is in it will come oat.
Air. Fisk was not arrested in ibousual way,
but w« nt up to the court yesterday afternoon
and delivered himself up to Justice Hi shy.
Hu said he had been informed by William 51.
Tweed that a warrant for his apprehension
In d been issued by His Honor, ami not wish
ing to be arreatcd'like a common malefactor.
lu-presented himself before His Honor, and
wished to know what disposition would bo
made of the matter. His counsel elected
that the ease be sent to the special Sessions,
and it was done accordingly.
Itlefaninmedaßu In Brnxil.
A curious but iutorestinir story, relative to
the Mohammedans in Brazil. is now being
repented from tho -JMarru/minn Ep'oidi. a
Brazilian joumnl, written in Arabic. A'fow
year? ago. before tho existence of the Suez
I'aual, "the Turkish Government had occa
sion to despatch a man-of-war toßassorn,
which thus Had to make tho Jong journey
through the Mediterranean and tho Atlan
tic. round the Gape, through tho Indian
Ocean and the Persian Gulf. Tho vessel
was forced by stress of weather to run in for
shelter at Uio de .Janeiro. To tho intense
surprise of one of tho officers, a number
of Mohammedans were fonnd among the
black population of tho capital. Their Is
lamism had indeed suffered greatly by tho
length of time and the distance from their
co-religionists.
Thus, they no longer fasted in the Kamad
han, but in tho aiouth SUaban; they knew
nothing as to the time of prayer: none of
them knew Arabic: their marriages and
their funerals were consecrated by Gut hone
priests, by whom also tlu'ir children were
baptized. Nor was the astonishment ail
on the side of the newcomers. The
black Mohammedans were not a little
surprised to see any faithful of a white
complexion. According to their experience,
all the white I'cople were while
all the Mohammedans were black. With tho
permission of the authorities a Mohammedan
teacher left the vessel and sojourned at Kio
de Janeiro, Bahia, and Pernambuco, in order
to instruct bis co-religionist there in the ele
ments of their common faith, and to educate
some of them sufficiently to enable them to
read tho Koran in the original, and, hi short,
thoroughly reform them. He now estimates
thonumlier of these black Mussulmans at
Kio ut no less than
IVavt and l>*rnir«i».
Trent the Ppringfbld (Maas.) Ttcpoblican, Xor. IS.
Mr. ’lbenins Nast’s peneil bus a keen point,
ami the enjoyment ho finds in prodding other
people with* it is not, we fear, purely
piotvf-'ioual and artistic. But tho victims
nave om* consolation: they are not to perish
unavenged. Nomtais is already on tho track
of tbo miblcss cartoon-niabcr baa
wronpht tbeir woe. His work in Ffarprr’s
Weekly have made him famona. and it is tbo
penalty of fame in this enlightened ago that
yon nro promptly interviewed by enterpris
ing reporters, and made to BJiy foolish things
in tbo newspapers, Thomas has begun to pay
this penalty. ThoXew York gentleman, of
the Cincinnati ffrircffe has been to see him,
and has mado him into letter. From his ac
count wo learn that he found “the
most renownedof nil voungmaHers"—not at
home, oh no, but “in his adorned and illum
ined retreatthat his welcome was *‘snfli
ciently artistic (!i. but cordial and home
like n nnd that tho most renowned, etc.,
“expresses his deep convictions in words as
msambignonsly as he suggests his views to
the world in those inimitable, terrible car
toons.” Tho deepest of these convictions
would appear to bo. that Tammany was
merely one of the parallels by which tho
“Jesuits” are insidiously approaching the
citadel of our liberties, and that
to sinful Gotham has been vouchsafed a
veritable Jcnnio Dare with modern improve
ments. One woman,” said Thomas to the
tlaztftc gentleman, Avho sat with erected ears
—“one Avomnn holds in her hands the key to
unlock the diabolical secrets of Tammany
Jind the Jesuitdi-spots of this municipality.
I refer to Helen Main»lield,and 1 am now tak
ing some delight in sketching the modern
Joa*. of Are, who will unloose tlie iny-terions
tautening whichkeeps in its hiding-plaro tho
ehiumed swonl to cut this Gordian knot.
Hail lour new Joan of Are! As wc havo
failed to give the idea of Shakaneare, let her
come to tlie front amlreeeivo all the laurels
of victoiy.” Were we not instilled in saying
tlmt letribution has begun, and that the
shades whom Thomas has cartooned out of
life mar now tilt contendedly across the
Styx 1
THE INDIANS.
I.rllcr from the Governor of Arizona—
Drnnariaileu of (hr Peace Policy—Ap-
proval of General Crook-* Cournc.
Tr.KiiiToiiV of AjuzoS'a. ExHccnvi; Office,
TrcsoN, Get. ai, is;i. 5
Editors AHa Cn’ifornla
Permit me to thank von from the bottom
of my heart for the noble stand the AtUt has
taken in your behalf. I appreciate it the
more because the rich and prosperous never
lack support, but it requires a brave man to
stand up for the poor and friendless, and
such nro the people of Arizona. With
natural resources unsurpassed with gold
ami silver mines that ought to be yielding an
nually $*.20,000,000, the people are in poverty,
and have undergone for years scenes of death
and torture unparalleled in the settlement
of any of our new countries, and instead of
reteiving sympathy and encouragement
from onr countrymen on the outside, we are
denounced as border radians. though, in fue.,
the laws arc not more faithfully olwycd or
executed anj'whcre than in Arizona, The
people have, in hut one Instance, taken
the law into their own hands, since
the organization of the Territory, and
that, the facts will show, wna dmm under
the most aggravating (circumstances, the
ticople having found in the possession of the
ndittus killed priqierty belonging to men and
wonu-n who were murdered while the Indi
ans wt-rc fed at Grant, and fortius act the
pei pit; alors have been indicted by the grand
jury, showing that in Arizona Aur courts ami
Judges do not screen anyone.
The Territory is out of 'debt,
ami by January 1 wo shall have a five
school in every district in the Terri lory. Hat
with all this, men who are making nmnev n r
the cost of the lives and property of their
coiintrj men will denounce ns as everything
that is bad. and declare the Apache Indians,
wlm for four hundred years have lived by
minder ami robbery, us’everything that is
good; The people of Arizona want
peace, they care not how it is ob
tained; but they know by years of
experience that, to feed Indians and let
them roam over large reset cut ious/nuy places
them In a secure position to raid n'jsm the
sellkrs. and return to the reservation for
safety and rest. No less than four animals
have'been identified at Grant that have been
taken since Colycr made peace. a«M mic of
them belonircd to tho-mail rider killed a few
miles from here. Oucman w;h killed ami one
wounded in tlit* San Sinum Vally a few darn
ago by about S) Indians. Captain Knssel fol
lowed from Jtowie with *Jo men. and at tlie
last accounts he had been led into an am
bush, and had one man killed, another
wounded, and was nuaMe to dislodge the
enemy. With one of the richest Territories*
every one feels discounted. At least tivehnn
dre d men liave been killed ami a large mini
her of them were horribly tortnretl. and those
wlmaic left, after lighting for year* to hohl lin*
country, find themselves m poverty and are
looked upon as barbarians. General l’r*»ok
struck the.key-note when he enlisted In
tiians against Indiana. It threw consterua
among them Mich us was never seen before*
and had he been allowed to pursue this polio v
it would have taken hut a few months to
conquer a Ja-ting peace. lint Mr. Colyercotm
terniamted this order, and millions will have
to be expended and hundreds of lives lost
before the end will be reached. Those who
were opposed to the Tniou made a great ado
about mining the negroes, but loyal men of
the I'nion said their lives were no better
than those of while soldiers, and if they
could be made serviceable to crush tho rebel
lion they ought to be used. 1 thought then,
and I think imw.it was correct policy, and.
1 believe the Indians are invaluable in light
ing Indians, and by their use a speedy, per
manent peace can lie conquered. Then is it
not the part of humanity that they should
be used If it is a crime to undertake to
settle and develop our new countries, thou
the sooner it is Known and declared tho
better. If nut, then such a man as Cotyer
ought never to be sent with his deep-seated
prejudices against the white settlors to ar
arange the dillieulty. Again I thank you.
ami although Arizona may never be able to
reward the Mia for what it is doing for us.
still you can have tho satisfaction of know
ing that your labors are appreciated and that
you are doing a good work for your sufieriug
countrymen. Truly yours.
A. K. I*. .Saviour
Plendiab Onirnsttin North CarAli«a.
Ilfik-lph. N. C. (Nor. H». t'orrcspoudcucc olthc New
Y<-rs Ho ran).
Colonel V. S. Luskan. Agent of the Depart
ment of Justice, and Assistant I’nitod States
District Attorney for the Western District
of tliis Jstate, has just succeeded in effecting
Ihe arrest of a band of Kn-KLix in Yancey
County, who arc charged with one of tho
most Horrible outrages ever perpetrated iu a
civilized community. Tho prisoners—named
i t spec'lively llai riss, Ilavcy, Wilson. Price.
Diguing, and M«Tmosh—arc accused of com
mitting highway robbery, burglary, murder
and rape, ihe two latter named men being
those charted with the crime of r;4»e. They
were brought to Asheville, in Buncombe
Comity. heavily ironed. tho jail
of Yancey being insecure. From
the evidence it appears that while on one of
their recent midnight raids this band of dis
guised Kn-Klux visited the house of a man
named Hensley, took him ami his son out,
whipped and ran them oti, and alter fright
ening several peaceable citizens and fami
lies, they called at W. C. llßikins’, who saw
tlu m coming and. anticipating their design,
lied in his night clothes to the friendly shel
ter of a neighboring wood for protection.
They, however, entered his house, inquired
of liibwife for the damned radical, threat
ened him with vengeance, and onion'd the
family to leave tho county within ten days
saving if thev did not they would return and
kill them. They then pillaged the house,
taking many articles of value, insulted Mrs.
Brakius, and, to complete their work of in
famy, set tire to the dwelling. Soon
after they appear*! in the yard
of Alfred Bragins. who is known
in the community whore he lives as a
hard-working, peaceable citizen, almost
blind from the effects »f an accident which
buh l lam years ago. The rutlians demand
of him to open his doors, and, on being re
fined, they commenced firing on the house
from both'sidrs. and hurling stories against
the deers, which gave way, and immediately
thereafter they rushed in, seized Brukins,
ami drugged him out into the yard by the
hair of the head, stripped off ids clothing,
ami beat him upon his naked back and over
the bend with pistols, until ho was covered
with Mood from head to foot. They let Idm
go finally, and told him to rim for his life or
they would shoot him. Brakius, bleeding
and sore from the beating he received,
though blind as he was. staggered off ami
concealed Inim-elf iu a cold, damp
meadow close to his dwelling. Al
ter running Brakius off. thov re-entered
the Louse, where they found Mrs, Brakius
prostrate upon the bed. hunt ami bleeding
from a wound in tho face, caused by si blow
from a pistol, with an infant clasped in her
aims. The babe was ruthlessly torn from
the mother’s embrace and hurled across the
room, the mother throttled and brutally out
raged by three of these devils incarnate, in
dicting such injuries upon thtdr poor help
lose victim as will iu all probability send her
to a premature grave. Anikins and jus fam
ily have not staid in the house at night
since the outrage upon Thom, preferring ihe
inclement weather to the tender mercies of
the inhuman Ku-Klnx. These parties were
arrested by the Deputy Sheriff of the coun
ty, upon a bench warrant issued bv Judge
Henry during the past week. The grand
jury being in session a bill of indictment
was found against them, and they were sent
to Buncombe, where th ev are now, for safe
keeping.
A Singular Accidental Death.
Paris rom**pnmlt*nrt‘ of the London Xows.
A Hngular story of an accidental death is
report ed by the legal journals. A young man
of Jiving near Orleans, who figured as a
volunteer in thoArmy of the Loire, was late
ly invited to a birthday festival by an uncle
m the Rue augirard. Paris. The banquet
was gay. and the youthful hero enlivened
the conversation by recounting lils hair
breadth escapes during the war, hud how ho
was estneatvd ith difficulty alive from a
heap of dead and dying. Ho was congratu
lated on his good luck, and it was t he gener
al opinion that lie must have been born un
der a foi lunate star. The part v had scarce! v
adjourned to the drawing-ri*om when
the voluiil«jr of the Loire remembered
that he had left something in the dining
room, and went back to look for it. In'a
dark passage be met a mnid-.servaat e;rrying
a pile of plates. From the middle of tho
pile thetv stuck out the blade of a carving
knife, against the sharpened point of which
he ran. Thecudof llio handle pressed against
the girl's cheat, and the superincumbent
weight of plates gave the wcap m a de.ill v
impetus. The steel entered the young man’s
breast, and so severely wounded him that ho
died in n few m nates after ho hail told his
friends l:oV the J.CCaUut|i;appe!;cU.
BOLD FEMALE CONFIDENCE OPE
RATOR.
A; TCananchn»ett* Woman Victimize* a
Ito*too Lawyer and Casta Him into
l,udlow Street Jail.
X'uw Voi k (Nov. li) licejuttcb to tbe Boston JoarnaL
Lawrence McLaugluin is a Poston lawver,
who is well known, not only to his profes
sional brethren. but on the tnrf. In the win
ter of lSt<9- ,0 h»; was appealed to by Mrs, Jen
nie iJrowne for aiedbiauc', pecuuiarv and
ssiomtl. Mr>. Lrnwne told a verv yf
ft ctiug story. .She n-sddc.d. she said, in New
ton, in a house owned by herself and her
mother. Mrs. Nancy Leggett. She had. how
ever. gotten deeply in debt, and a keeper
us mt be house to dispossess her. Mr. Mc-
Laughlin at oiiro went with her to Newton,
ami pa:d fcLL of her debt at that time, and
on f™tr other occasions helped her out of
similar difficultu-s. Mr,. Prownc. after this,
became excessively gmdiuigand affectionate,
and was wont to nd him numerous letters,
pndtßjiug undying love. Mr. McLaughlin
claims that these professions had uo ctVect
on him, although. he consented to act
as counsel Tu addition to aiding
her pecuniarily. She told him that she
bad a elaiin against her divorced husband
for s2o,t;ui, and retained him as counsel. lie
V i, ,n r mumMnan in this suit, and gave
bad for her son, who was accused of
stealing his mother's jewelry and pawningit
m iloston. This jewelry was recovered hv
the pmjvc, and is now in the hands of Majo*r
Jones. Chief Constable. While thus acting
professionally for Mrs. IJrowne, McLaughlin
tcicxvd not a w hit in his generosity to her,
paid her board and her mother's, and per
formed many other kind actions for her. His
srenrity was the house in Newton, which he
subsequently bought, paying part cash, and
v,n no e wr the balance. From Newton
Mrs. Lrowne moved to lioston, where she
opened a hoarding house at£>Coucord street.
Tlihi she furnished on ctecllt. ami managed in
ft very short career to defraud uumorius
tradesmen out of large sums. When
her dues became too pressing
she deserted Poston, but be
fore going sold her furniture for cash. A. H.
Alien of Ho.don sold her sli,oo*J worth of fur
niture. of which, however, he recovered a
portion. In i.ddition to this bold stroke, she
is said to h'ivo purchased diamonds ami
jewelry in McLaughlin's name, which ho
subsequently paid for. From Poston she
vent with her mother to Montreal, and
thence to this city. Hero her operations
were successful fora long time. The St.
Cloud Hotel suliered to the extent of SSOJ,
a boaiding-Jiouso in Twenty-fourth street
lost $175. ami dry goods men. jewellers and
other trade-men were made to bleed heavily.
A short time ago, when McLinighlin's ac
count against her had reaped sd,7uu. mostly
in cash advances, ho wrote to ask a seUlc
imnt, and declined to advance her more
money. Shu then engaged .1. B. Freeman,
of this city. and Charles Cowley, of Lowell,
ond entered civil suit against McLaughlin
for alleged fraud in the conversion of the
Newton property. To bring him within the
jurisdiction of New York courts bKo wrote
him that her mother was dying. He came
on at once, but as he arrived ou Sunday no
anest couldbonmde. She tried to keep him
here until Monday, bnt he returned to Bos
ton. Snb.srcjicntly ho came on nt her re
quest. and was {seized at the depot ;md
throwu into Ludlow street jail, in default of
SH’.fK;O. 11c obtained his release in a few
days, however, and returned home. August
McLaughlin was a-m-sted in Fitchburg,
Ma-s.. while h--was pleading a case there,
on a requisition from governor Hodman,
and brought to this city. Ho was thrown
into the Tombs to awaii Mini, but be so.uo
hocus poms Mrs. IJrownc’s la wen* staved off
the case until to-dnv.
1 he trial took place in tho Co**rt of Gen
eral Bessii»ns, the chargelndnggrandlarceny.
The allegation was that on tho’ 10th day of
May. l-Su, Mcl.augiilin stolo from lu-r. at J-Ui
Fourth avftme, certain jewelry, flic theft
bt tug committed while sho was onr of Imr
room. The prosecutrix admitted ?!uu .Me
l.augldiii hid several times aided leiriu re
co\ -ling arick-s of jewidiy stolen from her
by lu-v vim Geotge. and ;ill»‘txo*l tbsn she
would !mve cimimeuced criminal suit earlier
had she not hoped to effect settlement.
One of the witnesses for the prosecution was
Fanny Goi /ales, foimorly «>f Newton, but
said to b» notortons in Roxbury. 'Hus wo
man swore that Mcl.augiin hi'4l confessed
the Ito her. After tho examin
ation of several witnes*.t*s Jiubro
Ik'Ulord waid he was convinced t!«iu
this was a purely vindictive prosecu l maot mo
tuisoncr. and requ«*sied tho jury to discharge
him. hen the prisoner had testified in Ids
own behalf, and read several letters from
ilrs. lirownc.Matcd after the alleged robbery,
in which «he addressed him us “dearest and
darling," the case was stbandonad by tho
District Attorney, aud McLaughlin was din
t-barged.
As Mr. McLaughlin, accompanied by bis
son ami OWecr MeSlwrrwimd, of left
the court-room, a New York Deputy Shcrill
attempted t« arrest him at the suit-of Mrs.
Hrowne. Mcßhcrw«Kal resisted tho arrest,
showing a requisition fruiii GovernorClailin,
and asserting that McLaughlin war* already
Jus prisoner. At fhitf the New York Shoritl*
drew bis pistol and threatened to shoot
MeShenvoud if ho tlid not surrender hU pris
oner. McSbej-wood, covered by tlm pistol,
exclaimed, “PH die lirst.” As the New York
otliccrwas about to shoot, young MaLaug- 1
lin idnecd Ins pistol at his head and.-aid,
I’ll shoot, loo." The elder McLaughlin re
strained his sou. and to avoid blotched con
sented to go with tho New York- otlioer. Ho
was taken t?» Ludlow Street -/ail, in default
of bail.
SiThe second arrest, it is said, was made in
order to keep str. McLaughlin out of Massa
cliuselts fur n time. A suit against Mrs.
Prowne, in which McLaughlin is an impor
tant witnefs, is soon l«» come on. audit is to
her interest to keep him out of the way. lie
•expects to get ball to-morrow, nml declares
that ho will prosecute all concerned in his
persecution, which, he claims, was a conspi
racy. fur false imprisonment.
METHODIST MISSIONS,
Annual Pfectißg of ihe .TlrtlioilUi Episco
pal tlliNiionary Comniiiice—Apprapria*
tiona Jo* IS?'.). $671,000.
I'ntn Jh»* N«-w V.»rk Uir.iM. Nov. IT.
Tlic annual meeting of tin' Missionarv
Committee nf the Methodist Kpiseopal
Chnreh sms held yesterday, in the mission
rooms. No. si.‘i B'oadway. Bishops Muiris,
Janes, Su»tt, Simpson. ami Ames wore pres
ent, together with the other members fleet*
ed by tie General Conference ami by the
Hoard of Mumpers.
The report «f the Treasurer showed that
at the b-'giuniiig of the fiscal year. Novem
ber Lira*, the treasury was in uobi IKVJPIM,
and tho disbursements during the year end
ing October 01. IS7I, amounted to £'»S-Ss2.'‘.**fi.
TJu* receipts, however. amounted t*> SU2.V
winch not only wiped one the debt,
hut bfta balance ot in the treas
ury. This amount will be further increased
by fj'.c-olh elions of conferences yet to “bo
heard from. The receipts for tin* previous
vear. ending October til. ISTO. reached but
The appropriations for the lUeal year
]s7l-72were made on the basis of last year's
appropriations—namely. $071,000, The fol
lowing amounts were set aside for the for
eign mission licNls:
Africa. SNSOO: South America, s^.<*7o; China
—Foo-Chow, S'J.n’yj: Kn-Kiang. rs.UoT.sr
Fokin, tuial, Germany and
.Switzerland, $2*1.000 Denmark, $5,144.12
Swctk-n, $15.010: Norway. $7,250; India, s7:>,-
hii-t ;iialgana. $2.tW Italy. slo t ooo Mexico,
slO.l KJ. For missions among the foreign
population of the Failed States the sum of
:*45.5«0 was assigned to dttlercnt sections, and
included the aborigines. the Chinese on the
I’ac. tic coast and the Germans and Scandi
navians in the West. Southwest and North
west ami in this vicinity, and some Welsh
settlers iu the northern part of this State.
The Bulgarian mission wsis not considered
fruitful enough to be continued but. after
discussing the merits of the ease, it was
deemed best not to close it up altogether,
lienee an appropriation of s*2,(>A) was made
to it. The superintendent of that mission.
Kev Dr. l.omr, has founded a normal th-o
logiral college in Constantinople and will
devote himself to the training of natives tor
the mission work in Bulgaria and European
Turkey. It was deemed more expedient for
the present to-end out ami sustain mission
aries in Mexico, without endeavoring to
establish a denominational church in that
country. The Protestant movement there
I* developing itself from within the body of
the Human Catholic Church outwardly, ami
the reformers designate themselves n« the
Church of Jesus, and the adherents of the
Pope as the Church of Mary, and they pro
test against any other denominational dis
tinctions at tliis time at least. The Kev.
Dr. Vernon, who left this city last spring to
establish a mission in Italy, writes very
hopefully of that held, lie had not decided
when he wrote where to establish his head
quarters, but he expected to locate himself
in either Rome, Florence or Milan vtrr soon.
Very Interesting reports were read from
India. A missionary there had. ottered
fu*,uw) in gold to establish a college within
the bounds of that conference*• provi
ded a like sum shall be raised,
br t lie native Methodist Episcopal
Clinrrh of India and the Missionary
tbu’ietv here. The committee yesterday do
nated fclo.oOO of its aggregate to thattiehl for
this pnrp‘*i‘- A report from Foo Chow. Chi
na, among other items mentioned the fact
that a native Presiding Elder had refused to
accept a dollar of salary or support from tho
Missionary Society for two years past, lest
his people should think that he had been
hired to become a Christian. He supports
himself and does the full work of a mission
ary. The society sustains a number of public
schools in Liberia, from which interesting
i eports were read yesterday. Tho appropria
tions to the foreign missions must be paid in
gold or bills of exchange, and *25 per cent ex
change was allowed to be added to tho sums
above named.
Pllniag I»w«,
The latest reports from tho mining dis
tricts throughout the Pacific States and
Territories, says tho J/iniwg and Scientific
of tho 11th, betoken a revival iu this
branch of industry. This new and increas
ing interest in mining is caused by recent
rich de\elopincnts which bare been made;
improved processes for reducing ore and in
creased facilities for transportation toaud
from hitherto remote mining regions. a,
The. eMeu&ixe and valuable discoveries in
the south ami southwestern portions of
iSaK and the eastern and southern districts
of >e\atla. have inspired a confidence and
given an impetus to mining enterprises, such
as has not been witnessed for sevetal years
lU JLii* Aruoua, within the last few weeks.
1 0O), 1871.
Loth goldand silver mines of extraordinary
richness and extent have been found
near Prescott, resulting in great excite
ment throughout theTemtory. In Colorailo,
important developments have been made
and the yield of the mines Is enr.stantlyand
steadily increasing. Kich and extensive de
posits of ore have also been struck in tbu
Comstock ledge recently. In California sev
eral new enterprises have been inaugurated,
by which gravel claims and placer mines
heretofore abandoned, on account of water,
will he drained and worked to advantage.
The Mnbhopi ores of the Humboldt regie**,,
Ka»tem Nevada and Arizona, which formerly
resisted treatment, arc easily reduced by new
processes of roasting and smelting, and
whole dLtrh ts which had been neglected
arc filled with miners, taking up old claims
and locating new ones.
The completion of the trans-continental
railioad. and the construction of branch
roads have penetrated ami continue to pene
trate legions rich in mineral wealth, but
hitherto mi remote from all means of trans
portation that there were no facilities for
getting supplies or machinery, or shipping
the ores. These heretofore inaccessible dis
tricts have become instinct with new life;
piovisions are obtained cheaply, and the rich
est tires ran be despatched to reducing works,
both cast and west, mid immediate returns
received. The miners, who in former times
were dependent upon capitalists entirely to
develop their property and pnt np machinery,
can now, with the imiuoved means of trans
portation. rely upon their own resource*, and
at a comparatively small expense send their
oris to market. The completion of the
Southern Pacific Railroad and the lines ex
tending southward from Colorado and Utah
will open npn region rich in mineral wealth.
The investment of Knropean capital in
productive mines is giving a stimulus to fur
ther entenuises. and assisting greatly in de
veloping the resources of the country.
A MARRIAGE CONSPIRACY.
The Deliberate Bnictrie of Profe*»or Ed
ward Flory.
Plattsburgh, jf. V. <Nov. H), Correspocileuce ot the
.NurYink sstiii.
On the evening ol the last day of October
this usually quid village was thrown into a
fever of excitement by the report that Prof.
Flory had committed suicide. Immediately
there was n rush of citizens to the store uud
residence of Prof. Flory, to ascertain the
tiuth of the report. At the latter place the
dead body of the Professor, lying, where it
had been cut down in the ham,’was a sad
continuation of tire truth of the minor. The
enlists uhich led prof. Flory to take Ids life
arc fully set lerlh iu his diary, aud in a large
correspondence whirli he has left. These
documents were tied up in a package
and deposited in a ce.*r*m place iu his
si ore. Ih the forenoon of the day on
which lie bunged himself ho called the
attention Mr a Mr. Marvin to them, and* re
quested that they should be handed to Mr.
I'iiurh s Rothschild, an intimate friend, in
case he should not come buck to the Mere
after tea. Prom remarks made by Mr. Flory
during the dwy, and the pecnlbirity of h;«
actions, Mr. Marvin’s auspicious were
aroused, mid about 5 p, m. he took, out the
package. On rile oulrc.de were written the
instructions which be hat! given ’o Mr. Mar
vin, and. in addition, the signidrunt words
“There will also l»c touud sometlv.Mg iu my
b.trn."
Messrs. TvothscMl-d and Warrcw- imme
diately repaiicd t-o tin* barn, and arriving
there found Profuseor Flory sUspemWd by a
rope to a beam, and Lie w holly extinct.
The package delivered to Mr. KoMtsehild
consisted of his diary, u seulc*L wail
to his heirs, on the wrapper of
which was written, “Don't dis
pute about my properly—consider that
everything that yon get is the same as P’nnd
to you n letter to the public, a private let
ter u> some of his more intimate friends, and
to tlu* publishers of the village papers. There
was also a formal deposition calling on God
to witness the provocation which led him to
commit suicide. This document says that he
had been made the victim of a foul* conspira
cy to exhort from him a premise of marriage,
v’hich promise he had unwillingly made. IL»-
could not reconcile himself to The thought;
v*l mauiage alliance so abhorrent to him,
but, as he had a In ays been a man of hisw.ud.
In* irsolwd to k«M p his promise or sm-rilice
his life. He had linally concluded to do the
latter. He also enclosed a hour to the Cor
oner, requesting him not to render a verdict
of insanity, ns he was perfectly sane.
From hisdiavy it wouid seem that that he
had contemplated suicide for some time, and
had untie two previous attempts upon his
life. The tirst was on the Sunday night pre
vious. when he went down to the river and
wmled out in the water up to his waist with
the purpose of drowning himself, “hut the
voice ot God told him not to do it." He* says
he then went Lome, prayed, and road several
chapters in the. Uible. and roimid. The next
Mondav ho felt relieved, and ho still hoped
lhatdeliTerar.ee /mm his odious marriage
contract might come in some form; that
evening, howi-ver, he again tried to kill him
self by tq.9i.ing an artery in Hs leg. but did
not bucc*”*d- Here his diary ends. At about
;»l-:2 on the afternoon of Tuesday ho left his
house* and this was the last seen of him alive.
(T the causes which bo wrought upon this
pure-minded gentleman ns to- impel him to
self-destruction I am not permitted to speak,
ii having been his dying request that those
causes should not be published. Put it can
scarcely be said that no semblance of a
crime has been committed by him. nor any
act which could in the remotest degree justify
the terrible state of mind under which ho
has been laboring for the past year, uud
which dually drove him to his death.
Bince September. 1870, ho law kept a diarv,
ia which h» recorded with great minuteness
and power of expression the. different phases
through which Ins mind passed nail gradu
ally but surely merged into the morbid state
of temporary insanity, .under tho inllueuce
of which he so madly rushed lo death. Not
withstanding it waa his dying request that
this diary—which reveals the whole damn
ing plot whereby he nos entrapped
into this distasteful matrimonial promise
—should not be published, yet there
is a strong feeling here that it should be.
Though the conspirators are well known,
yet the devilish means hr which they
sought to. ami did, acjomplish their ends
were known to lhcint«lves and tho dead
gentleman only.
Mr. Flory was 44 yoarx of age and a native
of Havana, where he received a liberal
sci( ntilie and musical education. Iu the at
tempted revolution of tStS he espoused tho
cause of the revolutionists, serving as a
Captain in the cavaby. When the revolu
tion was crushed, he waa obliged to lice to
this country for tafety. Ho settled in
Plattsburgh in In"9, and was thenceforward
one of iisinost highly-esteemed citizens. Ho
was a muMc teacher and composer of ac
knowledged ability, a gentleman of the
most strict business integrity, and moral
character above suspicion. Ho leaves a
number of brothers and sisters in tho city of
Nvw York, and an aged mother iu Germany.
Lieutenant Couiaiander G. 0. Schulze, of
the Fluted States Navy, is a brother-in-law
of the deceased Professor.
BARBARISM IN CUBA.
(barreling af Prefect© Lajicx-Bittcher? of
nn Entire Town Council—Deportation
of the People*
Havana Correßpomlenre ot the New York Son.
Prefect* Lopez, a patriot, captured by tho
Spanish volunteers, was tried gby cuun-mar
tialou the 20th nit..,and garroted on the
morning of the 27th. at the CasllooX Prin
cipe. He saluted the brutal crowd, allowing
the shackles which pinioned him, when at
the loot of the step* leading to the platform,
and th*- officers in charge of him—volunteers,
of course—fearing that hcmigh£ address the
I*eopU», Untried him up the steps, wounded as
iio was. When lie sat down on the bench,
it was found to be too low to allow his
neck to come up to the fatal iron collar. Tho
second time he sat down he was too Inch.
At last, after the fifth attempt, tho garrote
was adjusted round the throat. The hrntal
instrument, retained solely by modern Spain.
wjv»so badly arranged that it broke on the
first twist given to the crew by the execu
tioner. ami then the victim had to Iv lifted
up. while, with his head hanging in tlm col
lar. the ganote was repaired. When Lopez
Mt down the seventh time ho seemed
to strain hi? nerves for ono supreme effort,
and, lifting his hands to heaven, yelled forth,
in- a voice heard by the whole assembled
crowd, "Death to .Spain!” What followed
is conceivable only of cannibals. Two vol
unteer officers ascended to the platform,
and. to prove to the bloodthirsty volunteers
that their victim was really dead, they lifted
him from the bencli several times; they
made the executioner give several uww
twists to the screw, ami took the face of the
corpse—which was an undistingmshablo
maea of bloodv flesh, with the eyes protrud
ing from the sockets—in their hands, turn
ing it toward the people. A brutal yell iu
favor of tho honor of Spain put an end to the
terrible scene.
The report of the homblo massacre of the
whole Town Council of Jagnani com
mitted bv Catiizalc*. by direct order
received from Colonel 5 alraascda.
has been confirmed. Colonel Cani
zalcs, as soon as ho look possession of his
new command in that town, had all the mem
bers of the Municipal Council brought before
him. and told them to prepare to die, for they
wonld he all shot iutwo hours; and. without
any accusation being made against them, or
vww the farce of a trial, they were all taken
ont and shot
From Manzanillo some three hundred per
sons have been sent in exile to Jamaica. Thev
were mostly old women from DU to SO years of
age, and young children. The majority have
been brought m from the town of Bavamo.
and the sole crime imputed to them was sus
pected sympathy with tho patriots. Apart
from tho dread which snch barbarous meas
ures prove is entertained by the Spaniards
of the vitolitvof the revolution, this whole
sale deportation of people looked npon as
criminals by the Spaniard* is likely to breed
trouble. Jamaica hsia already loudly pro
tested against being made a penal colony
for the government of the volunteers.
married.
TREAWVELT^-SCnNEBLT— At the re<l.len«*
of Gcorce Kounit*. Chicago. >ey.
lie Rt‘v, (tjiji Ma.or noonj"
H. Tn-r.lu-i 11.of Albany, N.Y.,ftid Utii.' K. Sclmcbly,
Oaiicliterof mte IfeniT Scl-ni-Uly, of I «s»ru. lbs.
ocf~ Peoria ;atHTS yleaso topi
EIEB
FORMAN—Nov/ 1A Joseph A. Frurnm. aired '2
viaif -inrt 1 umutli. Mineral irom hi', rcaldonco, iJi
\Vc»i JacUon-fct., Tuesday, Nor, *n, at 10 o’clock.
BUSIES DIRECTORY.-
The fc-UnHr/} nr* t>* iicraw of *otn* of tf>* l*.-uUn 1
I hw*<4 in the city, o.TrtHtf-vi irith a view
(o i'viieeiu'ciie* rij'rtrucf
Advertblnir Agency.
11. TI. CHANDLER, Authorized Advertising Agent
forall Chieaso Daily paper*. aminv»iv-x all«-ard-«for
this Directory, Ain(iu<lvcrtis«*nui;itt inserted luany
newspaper or periodic 1 in the r.-S-AXtlicpiiMisUcr-V
lowest eaah rated. OUiccs. 43 souUi Canal uml ilii
Stalest.
Architects,
JAMES It. WIT. LETT, -53 HuMiard court
W. L. 15. JEN NEV, 17 ITek-viuirt.
Ab*iraet> of Title.
CHASE BROS. A CO..TM West Randolnh ->t
JOKES A SELLERm ItV Weal Ihuid-dpn >t.
Rebina sitd Uubbi-r t4oud*.
HALLOCK A WHEELER. SWIM Raudul’dt
RUBBER CLOTHING CO.. Mu J.i.-a:. av. a ml' II T
libou si.
Brttl.it; MHiin'scinrer*,
'.VIMIUfI
MUNSON it CO 14 jin.l 10 Wu,| lUndohil, ,t.
lusikt.
CHICAGO S.\VI NO IN-'-T. A TUC-TCO. mvc«l
Hnml.drli ;*t.
N*. TCI KHU A 1 0..T1 Cninl -if.
51 Ki lI.\.MC.VAXI)>IaNK EX., 'VO State it
FOrilTU NATIONAL. TT3 Walrrsb ar. Jtrai'.eli of
l.ft*: al-uNuIOIAI. BAN KING COMPANY SAV
IN U RAN !C. r Canal :n Wa-blugl .n >ti.
LI’NT. FRErToN *t KEAN, sontbtrest cor. of Hal
dtiilanil lw-iialol|>U nts.
TILE COSISIEKCIAL LOAN CO ItN Anbor ar.
J. M. ADSIT. -»i: Wz-.1-af-li av.
A. C. A O. F. R.M'OER. fisj Wal,n>!i ar.
Bockffliers ami SUlit*ntn.
CORR, ANDREWS A i’O.. -IO Walusb av.
CHICAGO R!RLE >GCIKTV. L-l WV-l
Blank liouU llnmstuclurfn, Mudonen aud
Job t»rintcr*.
JAS. ATWATER. lt:t FHili ar.
liMKR>uN R.Wtf' STOTT, ina W.-st Ma.Uson st
CUMIK A EDWARDS. R.> WV-t Rai-.loJ-.h “f
CL LVER. RAtiE. IIOYNJ* A CO„ u, 15*. ami 1", N
D»>pl:.tnts st. :<inl :.4l Wnbasb av.
CAMERON. AJUiEllli A HOFFMAN. K?
RaniWli li ft.
J. J. SPaI.DING ACO.. inreoedspaMii,;. 4 t
ik'Seutl; Canal *t., aail k Wnba-'b ut.‘
llrWitei, KooL, and Turulaliler,
THK AMERICAN BRIDGE CO.. a*.l Waba-.lt av
Boots ami Mines
DOI4GETT. RASSKTT A HILLS. .V~ M'ab.uh ar.
C. 11. FARGu A CO.. r.ia Wateu-li ar.
C.M. UENDERrON A* Co~Mieh.av. amlO'nsrcssst
NIcAULEV. YOK A CO.. j|lvhbr.m ar.
Bouts amt Shoes (Retail).
I’. 11 ARKINj-. >ll Mate and All We*t Ramlulpb 3t.
I'. KELLER. Waba-h ar.
Boots ami Nhoes (Wbolesnl**)-
PHELI'S. DODGE A lALMEH, Nlicbigau ar.,t<p
pnslte Trrmoiu Poiid**.
niAGli, KIRTIwVND A ORDWAY. Miiiiigtn R v.,
oi>l««>Mße Trui.c’it Uimse.
(iOLDMAN BROS.. 7V, Wnbflkb av.
SECOND NATIONAL I*. West St.
GAZETTE I'RINTING tT>..inSc.ntb Cana: st.
Basket ninunfacturcr.
wsi. I'OTti.k.w. i.<h<- >i.
Broom Com Dealers.
7.. B. TAYLOR. 70North Clinton st.
C. L. RICK A CO.. V“5 ncr Ca’ul ac*t ?ts.
W. L. HUBBARD. Z,» Rust W.-iV.itr.Mon »t.
CouiHilMkioner of IhcU.
PHILIP A. 110 YN E, RiH'm 3 Conpte Hall.
Carpets.
DRAKE A WKTIIEKKLL. t\>r. Waluish av. ,wl
Ttvetity.:lrst >t.
Cenirtcriea.
GFACELAND CO-. 176 West Wash-ngOm -L
Cirimtir.,
GOAN A TEN BROKKK.for. Aunand W. Ibmd.didi.
I'lulliUi*-.
TCTTLE.THOM I'SOXft
C. C. COLLINS. Waferli ar.
4'lnthliiS (Whulivnlo
CLKMENT, Mi'ltTONftrco.Muh av. cor Aite;,<t.
C«iut ut.
IIASVIN. MARTIN VsdKELEIL K. Monroe*
Crocker}'.
S.IL r.MIKII ir.sT..nr..M!«!iw >t. and Michitaa-av
Commission AiercHnnts.
Ml NN. NO UT ON it sj'u IT. IK2Wi*>t Was.liuistc'isi
FItANCIS ft \t irr.Kl:. AS and ro \V«-«t Mnditoii -i.
MO ItsK. TA I? 11 ft CO., nt.
OK« Mi a IN N KV ft. I'D icr.;*n' ’J,'j E. ft.
UKPMONPft IU. »H.- Mich. »v..N. tdiVu-,T-.'.»*-i,
•INI KHW'f'i'J' »v 0.. M;iH-t>t.
THNNKTTft M'KI»>TKK, a IS, .Uli Clhil-m. Room
4*. A. MAH! .H'a, u» \VnK-»*n r*-
ST ILl—s. OOLUV ft McMahan, v. md I- Markets
rillM.ll'S ft 4\\KAIIcUAI:I..;.J Caual
llmliiA.
Clollw. CasKimt.rr9. 9lc.
FIT TP. I’KNKIiICT ft CO *ii\Vs*»n«*i av.
WA V i-.U i.C uy i i ociv v 0.. uv- r uiLi* .-,r.
Cntlciy untl FlnariN».
BIHOS. >I’KM KH ft CO., tuvj -v
Cutlery (WJi.ilcSiil.
RAN LU.L. I! U I. ft Co., nr. Wr-i Cak.^t.
Cunfccituucr
C. F. (j C NT H Ell. i on*i j >i;U-and Tv. vi icl U
Cluckn.
Crocker}’, liToanrare. Ac.
KF.Ti Hl'M ft VAKTIN.Vd K Mc-h.-uir-c
1! IN 1: ICIIs ft snNTAO,
JOHNSON ft AI! 3K V. .VH Smith C.inul >f.
Ctiinn nod (i!ln»*.iu:rc.
r mAT'aij, cv; St.it- ~t.
Ci.llrc aud Spue MilU (IMinmlx.i
RNOWLKS.CLOYLS ft co.. 15 to 1? Hiv. r A.
Cloak* and I'ioakir.an,
J. W. ft CO.. Mu Imran av. J.i'-I.aon.
CunTtvlltmiry
3! IL I'.UiK A' co .A* si. i;r« <ji eft.
tiirtOnP.
AN sen VOK'. sTKVi:.N*.*>oN ft l’,Kl;i* <\7. stl
iin 1 a;,j WohiKh j.v.
T>»ucclsta Hl*-tail.)
J. PARSONS, ssj \v>J*.A,'!i
UUCK ft it A VNKIt. si‘i stale *r„ corner
■or MAN.t KTNO. A;; \v>-T failieet.
ItMiUKisi*-’ Sundries* and .Yi>(ion*.
n.LKTT, TIT s ft Co.. -ft* Midi!can a\
X>ry liernla.
O’VEN HFNT ft iYIN.sI.OW, 121 Mi.-’uaau it.
I*ry <;o»«Ia (VV Loli-aalc.)
a IIAIIUS. CULM HAL liil ft SHAW, sit W«-
av.
l>yrrs» and Scnnrera.
>)01v ft Mi LAIN. Si. sia 4 .*Kt. ami W Madison a*.
ll' HJ t«i.
M A*. SH KHWnop. Wal>a-*h ar.
J. N. CUOI’SK. r-t tVkku.li av.
Ur-< pet ami Tnllam.
f«E‘' F. HAINl’* 4 «v CO., IT Hannon
W.H. UKIU. I >7 I sV.
H. H. HL>TKi». iC3j*v.
It. j. WAI.MU,. y.a u-kiwii mv.
niA>. K. tiuI'FUKY, WT W nr.
M. DKAN, -Vrtt Mirliipsi; av.
M. 15. CI.FVKUM?. rs>7 Wi >f Monroe -t
J. li. HELL. :.»7 WaM-.li av
CAlihON, I*l 111 K i fo.,
ilaclison at. Anil ,t»
TjvffttT-M'rmHl *r.
11ENV.Y TCKM.II. unv.-l Madison ,*t.
VJI. *i. I! h I’HKV. ITS U*:i,-*!uo"{,.ii *t.
%Vil. OLINOMAN. t«»r. Waln-U av. ami siinl st.
l»ry UoodN uuti Kullou* (Wholesale;.
I>. W. k A. KKITH Si CO., p>J \Vj»ba>Uar.
Jiirnu ♦•r* and IHa.Mubm.
A. J. 'fiUKs. Ti'7 av.
]:nieraT«*rs (Wood).
A. MAAS, L»k.
Fl»U»t
I.
.1.
K. t*. 3ROMI LOW A: Co.
,&>SoutU Doaplalcen nt.
OTI.TJIZnT .t SAMPSON. rrsj Mlrhl-.in nr.
rOTTIiI!. h I.N(i A CO.. Mli Mtf-n nv.
A. H ANDREWS A a*. us ;m«l ui Wa«jiiast<’n
V M. W. .‘•THONd, 54.110 v-'.i W. Randolph It. branch
salesroom nor. Wulu»li itv ami T»cuty-«ccomt at.
Fire Itrlck.
M.idUon loll! p’a. ei.
ROBINSON SON. it:. K
mil* nn<l Kam j Uroeerlet.
A. TAI.I'OTT, 7- Twi I'tli ft.
KanKd, <tc.
’lKllflN. >M ITU J"7n Man*
1 :i: 'tnriitt K«njce». Store*. Ac-c
V. I AKREN A CO.. Noilli Pur, near l.igM*
iieuti* Funnliluo Gnorlt,
I A MON. TKil Vi E A- C0...1M111U1 W. Washington j*
11A UT BlD**.. and 711 S‘stf*< nth
<4ent»* Fitrnii»tili»tr tiood* iVflioU'Rali*.)
WM. O. W ft ITK A CO.. -U M irlnrstn av.
Fixture* ami Fitting;.
lI.MU’II.MAinH A- mios.. Mil lugun ar.
WM. H. I*ATT bIUJMiN. t:i W. RamlalpUM.
tin iipiMrilrr.
J. J. WHITEHORSE. H-: Michigan nr.
t-reccr* (Wholesale).
ORANNISvt FARWEI-L, li» Michigan nr.
KNOWLES, ri,oVl.- d: CO-. lit.. 1> River »L
W. H. M‘T.AI*OIII.IN. IToprielor of ITium C-rt« c
and Sniiv Mills*. 7-> state -t.
M» m.N'PI.I V. <ill.CH RI.ST it CO., M-mruo M. .0
m r Wabusivsiv.
JAM. FOHSV'I U .V CO.. l.’diiUd I.v. w. Likest.
J. V. STEARNS .t vONS. W North Pi -pl.i’ue-
Kl’-SEL Hl!u>„ ~'Z and South Canal *t.
J. W. liOANJ; .t ro..<-ur..Ml. lu-.-au av. am! ivck -oiirt.
bt;D. MrnniH II 40 KiSCilKit. cur. Wa-htcgtou
and Market st*. ujh -ast-,*a
Grocm.
erHAOL’K. WARNER.t CO.. Sar.th Cana’ at.
PA V. ALI EN it cu.. f*3l ilirliigau s*V.
I‘. H. Wl LIARD A- CO.. OlOi tOTThronp
MKADiv HloolNs, i*. w. cur. Ws*lilnjrt«iii .t Oroi'ij.
,1. W. STEARNS .V SUNS, North Doplaiius -l.
VABRINtiTON. RHKWsrEKit CO.. <>|»l*-SI Midiar
U ARM UN MLssKli it CO., 113 MlvtiicHii ave.
tracers (WhnlcfmU* itiul Itatail).
r. GILLESPIE. moHat*. o»r. Twoiity-Bwcotlil
t.'rocer* «i*:iiui!y).
STA NTON A CO., v.7 Wabsmli ;iv..
JAMEs 15. liODOKK.'JTT.Sljitfat,
(inm and NpoilliiK Hoods.
K. E, Eaton, mswir-t
iivt n amt ProTlalona
1). It. DENTON A CO.. is» K. "’atliiiiß'.fU «t.
VOl'E A DAVIS. W. *l.
HardMurr, TU» Plate, Ac. (Wliotcttile.)
>KKUEI»iKH A: jyiSEAKEY, 10 ami It W.Hwmtoli'U.
IltKlt\rtnt«.
KILIAN H805..41 Wivt l-ike -J.
Dut«« Pelf*. JUe.
CHANDI.EtI .t I! 0 VNTON. V»Snytf» anal *t-
Hats. Caps. and Fur*.
KKITH miOS.. «..r- MUl.ifaK
Hats. Cup*, ami Kura (UetaiD.
JAMES A. Stl)TT.r.| M.i-iij.n- »t.
IHMIOP A: UAHNES. fro Wabash ar.
Halt, Cap*, rud Furs (Wholpsalei.
KEITH HIU»S..«or. ar. ami W:«,hiuat..n..sL
KING linos. A MT *A Kba.-li uv.
iialr f^uotli.
M. OLAsSDROOK. J Twenty-second
finnhvsre.
EDWIN Itr.NTA SCNS.U7 Mirins»n-av.
Jlomaopathic Pharmacr.
HALSEY BKf»9.. 7* J mt- st.
Hardware OthoiesalfO
MARK LEY. A LUNG .V CO,, iCjaii.t ST, Slate *il.
Hop Dealers.
HU.U. LIDELL vt CO., Muhiuan av«.
Hoisting Mavlilucs-
J. W. HEEDY. s.'» Illi iol.-ei.
Hides, Veits. >Vooi, Furs.
J. ION As A CO tKlticWgar. ar.
liumtuics (Fire).
JOHN CULVER. Room No. To •‘••mil JCll SL
Insurance (.Lifoi
>'HW ENGLAND MUTUAL. HI Wnl>n»h xv.
JOHN HANCOCK .M i ri.vL, u{ UojV-ju, <fii Wa
lk'll av.
CH IU(iO LUX. uv-V; V,*. Wju-liiDutou *X.
SECURITY LIRE, TVi ".Vabash av.
CONN KCTK'UT M CTCAI. i.IUK. .T° \V;»ba«h ar.
lit I.KCTIC. IT I Wabash av.
CHARTER OAK. 4*.U Wr-t Wa-himrt'>n *t.
NEW YORK u;*i:. O. r. Cumin..’.o W-.st iLuliton.
UNION MUTUAU >W Wab.tsb av.
MANHATTAN iT. L. MILLER), 4» South Dcs-
Flalno
rK ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA, 151
MUTUAL, OF NTAV YORE. IST, Washington SU
Iron. Mfels, «fco.
HALE, AYKII A- CO.. 74 to 7s MU'Ulgaa ar.
M. r<BKK> KB A I'M A CO., id West
JIAI.K. KIMKAKK A CO.. Muhiir.iu «v.. m-nr Kan.
Iron Manufacturer*-
THK DAVID M. FORD. .V) T<» OS W«-hS Wiislngtoa st.,
acd 17 to .Vi South Cltutuu nt-
Iron Pipe Manufacturer*.
SOBTnwtsTlidN MTl'- CO.. W SoUli Jctorsoa
Jewellers.
A. Tt. MILLER. 170 Wj»l«a*h ar.
27. MATsON A" CO.. 4H Wub:nUi ar. _
RODDIN A HAMILTON, cor. state and Twentieth
Liquid Slatltwr b'chool Uisek Hoards, die
J. DAVIS WILDKB.’-’M W«,t Randolph *t,
GILES. ssi Wah. uv.. 247 W. Madison ami 15 —a it.
GLASEIt. FIFIEI.R ft CO.. 703 Michigan »r.
C. A. MORSE, 221 West Madison at.
VM. w. MAYO, cur. Wabaah *r. and Twenty.
(Wholesale and Retail).
B. F. NORRIS A CO.. 4** Wabs**h »r,
C. I>. PEACOCK. W» W. Martijoo-"l-
WENDELL A IX YMAN. M ab:i*]»
Job Printers
P. L. HANSCOM A CO.. SSW. MadL*»n't.
j S THOMPSON. Jo and 37 S. Canal st.
CllANDALL.'Sß.Jfffereonrtt.
j>stTj*cri and Adjuster.*.
SMALL INGALLS. 4*l Wabash
M. 1. PETERS'A S. APPLETON, l-AMirtiaCQ
DHNT BLACK. 7,0 Wabash ar.
henby wa llkk. i<o t\ eft »t.
JNO. C. BARKER, 77 West Mad L* .on
MITCUEI.Lft KANNAV. 4M Wnbnsh AT.
ISRAEL HOLMES.SS6 Stalest,
K SMITH. D. J. SCHUYLER. Staid At.
A. A. M ATKUMAN, 135 B cat Monroe st.
liOMER COOK; 1V» West Mouroo at.
GKO. C. FRY. 5t Wti*t Randolph «»t.
1. N. ARNOLD A GKO. 1. WATERMAN, «1 Wi
br.fh av.
w. p. BURGESS. 1(3 Washington st.
FRANCIS ADAMS, 47 Pock conn.
MOORE ft CAULFIELD, cor State and Madison.
WILLIAMS THCMVSON. 554 Wabash av.
TI RN> IUUIA WLEYft TURNER. M*dWwm ft Canal
PERRY. WILSON ft RTUUOKS. 4?i Wabash av.
ALL XANDKR A DEAN, 137 West Madison
Leather, Tildes, and Tanners’ Tools,
G. C. WALLEN ft SON, 53 South Canal st.
Leather and Shoe Fiotllns**
TURNER, BRISTOL ft RAY, ST7 rtiul r stl
I P. A. Iu HARDENiiKHGII. 407 West LahaM
J). ML RG r.NT IL E! H 4 C0.,3;S liiv -V.BJn
BUSINESS 3>IRECTOBY;"
liOcluu>lUi'!U)R Bell Hanger.
KA 0., I'.: W. BanUulpk at*
jAxexy ami Sale Stabler*
nr c WILBU I’.. ci>rT'-rp»tv-thirii ami State sts.
j,ami!t anil t.'iasstrare (Wbofesale).
iiltnwN x boiiner. n/J iliL-higau ar„ near Goa
r*W lIHELEK.II* W. TWPillb StVCOt CIIDTOU-
A Eicuaber.
1 A LADE, with G. Mivirs A C 0..3 K. Kmsissl,
Q% JiUhoarapblu;.
EMm A CO., 7 Sonth it.
itfalt*
I A- YANDERVOOUT, Molt Co., onidC
"rtsi.fi. nlband Canal sts.
r, a: CO., comer Canal nail Ilarrvtoo ate.
c. u r.izz. .Millinery Uoods.
nniNnv ?00 Slivhlgan ar.
anii (Wholctalo.)
CO.w Indiana ar.
r. Bi.t Uinery (Wholesale).
51A YHOX. IXtfA a CO. aiitUav., near Adam* it.
KEITH liKO;-!.. *tK JUchU-m-nr^ui.t UiwWugton uC
nterct **“s ;r“Uorln«.
s. F. COMSTOCK- M abash ar,
;«ev ’»P*Pcr*.
tribune.i:,siviiiit3. ;V i*v. _
WE>TERN liTTiA F>. 11. r^w *-S-107 W1 Stall. St
Oy<au E'u'Hdcr*.
HENRY PILCHER,- <tt\\’:*■ 'Junef.uii 11
Office I>e»kt. Tab lc Chairs. Ao,
A. 11. AN URK'A'S. 114 ;»n«i 11? Y«*hinstOa St.
Faner l>ea ieYs.
V r p'RNlTir.r ro.. S Kk Randolph «t
i’o'.'iHf. i 5 Co./J in;! n N<</t}i De.HX>kiitreas&
BKADNEB..-.MITIIA m aiMs*; wJb^STJ^
v ami Sunrauti.
LYMAS.M AUK. J, S, &14-VHMA N
INJJIA.N DOCTuIt. iu
Pianos, Organs, ana Xustcal l»
W. W. KIALii.VI.L, ..I*. MirL -an
J. BACKR-lTti nndfiU MieMeau
RKKD'i? TAM I*l,K OF MI’SIV. Mxte-atb if
ROOT A CADY. Oil ilkliltran :*r. m ,r
Fampi.
W. »t B. DOUG LASS, ‘>7 W. it Madison st., la altar
Paper Bat; 31uuufaotnr«rs. r
WHEELER A HINSIAN. 317 M‘rlibraii ar
Falntr, Oils, tiaii. Etc,
JNO. F. SIEAR*,o3 R.miidjihat.
l*aluts.
HEATH A MILLIGAN, Weak Randolph st.
Plumber** Supplier.
W. H. FATTERSON. 11l \V. Ran.loU-h »t.
Pumps, Sinks, C>a« Pipe, and Staple*
HanlTrare.
n. W. AUSTIN A CO,. M s’urlli Clinv.a it,
l*i» Iron, Balls anti C«al,
A. B. MEEKER A CO., art. Wabasb ar.
Paper Hanelacs,
S. G.SnEniERn. state >t.
Paper HaiiKlDKi and Beddlnj?.
K. G. L. FAXON A CO.. C.»l if.
Publishers*
GO«ns, ,CKD (Bm>Lh. Map* amVPicinies), ersaattf
Pair iilir nicer.
A. GOI.DsN! ID, ?di 1-. >u
iUllwsy dnpQlies.
VOS I-:. DINSJmitE A ro., is Michigan ar.
C. 1.. RICE A co.. rot-. Canal ami llarriHonsts.
Beal Eitkte and La&u,
ii;:m.*n Baldwin.oit M’ehivanar.
OI.INGEUA RAl.l.Ai;i*.m»; Wnbadhar.
A 5 A Kv»FF. -Hi NVabasKav.
DKR a LEE. No. it Niron Bnihlinc.
N. r. 51ERRILL a CO.. I'M Wc,*l Waiblagtoa St.
M- J*. K ERFOOT. >s» EjlsJ Washmgt jiist,
Ty V 'l M-mH-o***!. Hokiiil.
J Oil N 1. 1 1A L It, Ko<-lii 3, N'*». 7> South Causl st.
S.\st I’Ll. GKIfR, W a!.udh av.
M l* RADER R.RoS.. LA* W. *t.
JNMKS H. KLhI.KU.7iCS. DaMest st.
FI KI.D. KI Mi A- CO., Ms V alii-’vir.
b»W Furunnd BtiHalu Bobes.
HENRY A. BROMLEY, M 3 Waba*h ar.
iriwniitf nnteciaiw.
BAllßr.iT. AKNui.ll ft KIMU,VU»iS) East Sion
u<«< *t.
Mfci.
niFUOI l'.t KIKNZI.E. iWMatost.
li t L V** t. an«l Indianaar.
H Al-1.4 >AI L<t I.UI K l'( l>s Mialbtlti aU
Sewlmc n*cli)nc«.
«;OM» M KIM 1. s. M. CO.,.v*:» AV. M.klinon.n.
'I Hi. l*AVi> s. M. C 0.,:;-, s. Hat^iiUt.
*•.>'•>-.1: >K wIN*; M.V 'IiINK co.. Nil Wabash ar.
H.L.I t C I lc. W sjt Miixooll »t.
J. U. l.KUu\yAv’O..UJ\V« 4 nTvrciriUst.
lIA-KIV. MAF.TINft WHKhLKß.KK.aiuatoear.
.Muvei-whulckalc
.T. F. ItATHJtONKft CO.. A■ and:!„• Snath f'av.W if.
Tii’.mriTs. shuck .t wn i««kosr.
s. 11. RAN MjJI ft CO. Michigan ;.v and Washuiirloo,
fr*w« tWiih lu-.rt-.l ;unl Solid T.jotliu
N'A sl’AlA' l Nvi I'. ICO., —5 Jtn«l 2.'« N. •.'ltiil.ni si.
Snip I hau.Orrj ft- s«ii.>i»k ffl
la< K. IOSTCIS. IS Market st.
silver IMautut aud ltell Uanstns.
P. A. 1 u(»T l. ft SON. u'. IC, Harris >u »t.
Newina Mtk* untl Machine Twllt.
JiKMMNi; i.uo-v.ft 0.. Michigan ar..cac. Jackeeu.
Munv Cuk -A.
I*, y- IU LAY. TA<: W. kc St.
Trunk .llennkcturcrt.
h oki:i I, ft itiKm., ir-; wah.iKhanilr.is, K.al«t<al
ft Ti»Kt», MHpiJorti re, ISlasttr StocWimra. A,
I*A»tEK, IK \T. V.a
Trnucs, Rrscsii *c.
MA K**fl ft n(>\vi.*-;s. s. k. c« r. >;j(eAn<l ISlliKia.
Te CoflcM. Spices, ftc.
d:«'C!;i:!: ft cook, z\.t >o U in isieaUust.
TtnnH.oorlkilnn.
MiCAT WFSTKHN PI sFAIi H,.*.:!>stat-*t
Tin rUtc and Tinned and
Japanned Ware.
IHa 11 Ituhs ,v t 0.. nir. Harrison and Peoria.
VnJcrUkcr.
f. 11-i'IIIPAN, .V! funis, ncfir Ma<lison at.
,lr and i.itfiiorM tU'liolctale).
UU .eA HTUKL H sml i:t \V Madi^ia.
il ooden and IVillnw Ware.
\UM-AH. PA V IS ft co. 17 Sontli I’.val at.
VrrtuiKhl Iron I*ipe Itsiiatactnreci.
‘fT-'r'.T TEK V il VNCKACTL IUNIi CU.. 10 N.
IVood and TVlUow Ware <\Vhi»lo-«alo>.
v.'AUNKH ft r>:ux.r,;i au.i;u: mu-Wkui at!
aei’liyr, Yarn*, and llvdcrj.
HI KKIT I* ft SCI Ton. SAJ Mii!i.nn j»t.
MUSICAL,
RICHARDSON'S ;KEW METHOD
FOR TOE PJiSO-FORTE.
Till* rmi ii.vn 12 roar* bafora
llif T-nldir. Cwn-fnl!/ and lu'sJily rooam
mciiCnt al Uio ouw-t. it im-> >i«a<ljlv in pub
lic favor, untj!. ;waio roars siiwt*. it nucbod nuc
hii.UK.-l pooiU'iu, nuiiavvuat lively to ruUiia it fur*
luUfi lai.o.
Aouuai Sale.
£3,000 Oople*.
C'oninirQrjuK to tuk(* now i-Jjr, axi<l ptu>
c’ia»>iii«ft K»'liant»«m‘* ar«» t«.tj apt to Gocotooipo*
ruiuutu, weiil*.
Price, #3.73. Sent, poM-paM, for tbs retail price.
OLIVER DITSON CO., Boa ten.
C. 3. DITSON CO., New York.
Ditson Oo.’s
STANDARD OPERAS.
Ernani. Vxn*t» I.urin, l.ucrrzia, .tfprihn. N»
mn. Sußinambula, Trnrlaliu TroTrxore, .Car-
riage of Figaro. Kiddie, Fra Plavolo. aa4
Don (■inranol.
printed. nnakrldced. nnpcrlcp to all
otlirT nlluim.i in fiilmwi. containing :>ll fie foreign and
Kiipli'h Kuril*, ami all tin* untile. im hiding that ot
the recitative-. thev an* yd sold tor tin -aw price ot
ON.*: DOLLAR I'.ACll. ami will be r ail to any ad
die-*. fur tin* above price. Finely bound la
Hoards' lor St£.IUI each.
OLIVER DITSON CO., Boston.
C. H. DITSON CO.. New Yrtlc.
CIGAKS.
HAVANA CIGARS.
The nn«lrr«)tmtsl are rrcelrlne by weekly steamer a
full of of Havana
Clpnre. Their stock in aa<t t'idtouchly aitAortert,
eoKh'.Uiu them at all Umc» l« ftll oi'Wr<i vumipUy, wltti
the frs'hent and most ilc«lrnMo Rood*. ao<l at the low*
eetiince*. Price U»U Mil be i,avarvl<*l ua appllC*-
ti-u. The fallowing brands are among Utoae whlaa
they receive t< pxUriy
La U*«*a 'lit gnuliago.
I.a Ai dml.
Vlortill Kumar.
Klcrde Lazo.
C. Gour%!ei.
Aanilt, il» Ora.
C.'uitruc*.
I‘pOIAbU.
Uveutra.
Acluraclf n.
L»aititnidad.
Uariaa,
PtirtagM.
CubfeSaa.
Figaro.
P«p»r**ia.
iiK iiy r:ar.
ln*'yiulJad.
hocalis.
LsliO'errs.
Aciula ratreruU
fe>6*oCbU.
Meridians.
FASE «St SIZVOUP,
931 and 92S Broadway.
New Torb. Ang. I .IBTL
CAKKiAGES.
Joskimi MOOUE, Js.
Wii. P- HcmikKS.
WHI. D. S96SRS &JJO.,
EsTAEJjISHKD IS-W.
OUIgINALAND i»3LY MANUIV.UTUREIW OF*
THE JELKUKATED..
Rogers* Fine Pleasnre Carriages.,
Elegant Carriage* .at srerr rte*rr‘ ption. in sleek and,
built tuonliT. int'luiUitS SULKKYJ, SKELETONandI*
LIGHT TROTTINii WAGONS.
FINEoT FINIS'?. NEWEST STYLES, and UXB-.
yUALLKD DUHAJILITY.
Drawings ami niAlktl when solicited.
Ofiico and W‘vrcrooms.lo39 1011 Chectr*
nut-st: HanufactcrVj Thirteenth
and Parrisi-sta.
MTCEEimn
GEO. \V. \VA7;SON CO.,
(lUU:vA)
PHILADELPHi
mwmm, wmm,
ahv contractors.
BENIER'S CARTM PiESF iE.
The heat enbstlttLSß for plater decorate*' la aa _
buildings; lUht, ilvra'u’ an«. tt _ tl ly ex
«*cu»£ Meaar*. BON. *A LOB. so.* liCta f n j or
Orem Britain *rr prepaid to. famish (Saw umlm
tlmates lor confide eircutiou of tta-»
elites of architecture, ceiling deoorsair JrT^-SjST
capitals. aUmoaMlngaand ornamenuSc
beddings, matrons. ami prtvauj resiC J*®:*®
>4l in tnla (tMtoOili* roalerlaL and ln»»
Sanner. Addrasa Measra. BONE. t?vEv£ 7
Dowgato HUX. canoon-st.. .jiant
Tbe Stewart Fond for t’ Ae R o u oi 0 f
Women and Cb iiaren,
SSm ‘SnS, SSSi
hcnevrient societies, or Jr for the relief of
destitute uomen and cil) .JJJJ'SSf' lit made br letter,
or in person, to s. Br ju-fos,’at standard Halt,
corner Michigan d TO rt ,i n i|. offlceliodt.
Irom lto3 p. in., Gaily. pi>r4oD4 rrtfuLirly rtjceislnt
aid from Relief Social? Sr. 7
4 xy meetings.
tJ.iSO.VIC-
WAOAKi ur owtu Sit. a meet, at IdeudM
Mge Hall. Tweinn and Clinton atlajtua,
Momlar. err n T, "i.t 7 1-S o'clock. A IdU atteodjneo 1*
reoue.lo,l J. K.CIII BCII. E. ST. JOtTM.
w. m. secy.
meeting
Of t? 10 First Unitariaa Society will bs
heh* x in the Church of the Messiah, Tubs
dp .y evening’, 21 st inst., at 71-2 o'clock.
Business of special importance to bo
considered. A full attendance is desired.
By order of the Trustees.
I GEO. W. MONTGOuEEBT,
I Chicago, Kov, 16,15T!. Secretary.
3