fpc |ribmi£.
b-
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1671.
Tan Chicago Tsibuks has opened Its offices at
No. 15 South Canal street, West Division, and the
Taper will hereafter he regularly issued from that
place mi further notice.
TO ADVERTISERS,
Wo devote all the space wo can possibly spare'
to advertisers in this mornings ‘paper, and
thnse-whofind that their advertisements are left
oat will pardon it to the necessity of giving n
tulr portion of our columns t<» the reading pub
l?c. The demand for intelligence is not only In
satiable, hot it is absolutely necessary to the
welfare of the people and the city that much of
that which we publish should go to the public.
Wo divide our space between the reader and the
advertiser, and that is the best we can do for
ImtE ela*ses, The advertiser will understand
that the earlier in the day ho gives us what he
wishes to have published, and the smaller the
rpace into which ho condenses it, the more
■ikely it is to find a place In our columns.
THE GOTKBSOR’S MESSAGE.
The Governor, in his message to the Leg
islature, discusses elaborately the question
of the power of the State to meet, consti
tutionally, the pressing emergency -which
rests upon Chicago. He recommends that
the State come forward and relieve this
city and county of the care of the poor,’
Insane, and the prisons, and farther ad
vises that the State release the canal of
the lien it has upon it, by refnnding to
Chicago the $2,500,000 expended by the
city, with interest There is, however, no
money in the Treasury to meet this action.
The Governor suggests that the money be
raised by direct taxation, as that is the
shortest and most direct mode of accom
plishing the end. This would require a
revision of the State assessments and a
reduction of the levy upon Cook County.
It would still take nearly a year to collect
the tax.
The constitutional prohibition against
the creation of any State dclit beyond
$250,000, except for the purpose of
repelling invasion, suppressing insur
rection, or defending the State in
vrar, tho Governor examines criti
cally. Tho conclusion he reaches
is that, though the letter of the constitution
limits the creation of a debt to tbo pur
poses indicated, the spirit of the article
refers to any great emergency destructive
•of the life, property, or security of the
people. .Ho argues that the calamity
'which has fallen on Chicago, comes within
the true spirit of the constitution.
The Governor reasons broadly and
soundly, and it is bard to sec how his
view of the case can be gainsaid except on
technical grounds. The State reserved
in the contract made with Chicago the ex
press right to assume the indebtedness,
remove the lien of this city, and take full
possession of tho canal and its revenues.
This contract was made long before the
new constitution was framed or adopted.
Is it not a reasonable proposition that
the constitutional inhibition against creat
ing a State debt docs not apply* to the
Ciicago lien on the State’s property? It
is very certain that no member of the
co ivention claimed that it interfered
xviih the contract aforesaid. And
is it really creating a State debt,
in the proper sense of the
term, for the State to borrow money
to remove a lien ou its property’ existing
at the time the constitution was made
The State owns the canal, subject to this
mortgage. If it borrows money to pay off
the encumbrance it reduces one debt as
much as it increases another. The State
is in debt now to Chicago two and a half
millions for completing the canal. If it
pays this debt by creating another of equal
amount, there is dearly no increase in the
State debt
Bat if any members of the Legislature
fiee proper to interpose narrow and tech
nical objections, they cannot deny or dis
pute the power of the General Assembly
to revise tbe assessment rolls of State val
uation to something nearer the real value
of properly, and it will not be difficult to
revise the amount of the lien upon, say,
1,000 millions of taxable property. The
actual cash value of the .property of the
Slate must exceed 2,000 millions. If this
were done it would not be difficult
for Chicago to obtain the money as fast
pg it could Ko nco/1 nrnn faith that the
tax would be paid over as fast as collect*
cd. The tax will all be collected and paid
in by the Ist of next September—a large
part of it much sooner,—and if the tax
were levied, and the proceeds appropriated
to refund to Chicago, there would not be
much difficulty in the city getting a tem
porary loan on the faith of the tax list
"Whatever plan may be adopted, the city
will be extremely grateful to Governor
palmer for bis kind and manly efforts in
onr jjebalfin this great season of trial.
THE OCIOCER EIECTIOXS.
The October elections never bed so hard
a time in getting before the public. The
papers, even of the respective States in
which the elections are held, have great
difficulties in obtaining returns enough to
deduce from them an accurate statement
of the general result. The complexion of the
news is generally favorable to the Repub
licans, indicating slight Republican gains
(in a somewhat fuller vote) upon the results
of two years ago. In Pennsylvania the
Republican majority is now set at 15,000;
in Ohio General Noyes is elected Governor
ny 20,000. and lowa has maintained her
place in the front rank of Republican
States by rolling up nearly or
quite her regular 40,000.
The Legislature in lowa, how
ever, shows several Republican losses,
owing chiefly, it is said, to the combina
tions with the Democrats formed bj* the
friends of particular candidates for Sena
tor, when they found that their opponents
had the regular nominee. The Allison
jnen charge this sort of practice quite
freely upon Harlan’s friends.
The result in Texas has doubtless sur
prised greatly the adherents of Governor
Davis, who expected, with their facilities
for suppressing the votes of their oppo
nents, to carry the State easily; instead
ofvffitch they bare been beaten in every
Congressional District This result shows
that corruption and Tammanyism are not
adapted to Republican methods, and
should be a sufficient warning to Governor
Davis and all others in politics to he just
and virtuous if they would bo happy, in
politics or out of it
TtUnJn Tc-l~r,<i i.—. on oeveral
constitutional amendments, one of which
wag to abolish the property qualification
now requited of foreign-born electors;
another proposed to abolish the registry
tax now imposed upon all non-assessed
voters; and a third proposed to prohibit
.any appropriation of money for sectarian
schools. All were voted down—the first
very emphatically, and the second scarcely
loss so. The third lacked only a few votes
of the requisite three-fifths majority.
Men of capital at the East will hardly
need to be reminded that there is an ab
sorptive market in Chicago at present for
all the surplus capital which they may
have to spare, at reasonable rates of inter
cs?T^Q u p large jobbers and other dealers
will be "'iiberally accommodated by their
Eastern cosrespo n jf£atsf but there will be
great numbers of smaller houses, particu
larly those which were young, which will
suffer seriously for lack of capital to re
plenish their stocks. Among their em
ployes, also, the suffering will be great;
for the employed classes, who will be
stripped of their means of sustenance bj*
the general calamity, consist largely of
persons who arc too proud to receive aid
through any public channel. These class
es, and those who hare, in a email way,
invested their all in the future of Chicago,
and who now see that future set hack
several years into the past, are likely to
be really the severest sufferers by the fire.
They Lave plenty of energy, plenty of
hope, and a good share of experience,
fheir only lack is capital. Whoever can
contribute this desideratum (bestowing it
upon such Chicagoans as be knows, or
placing it in the hands of such loan agents
as he can trust) will, by so doing, not only
make a profitable investment of his
money, but will gain the satisfaction of
aiding quite as effectively in the. relief of
suffering Chicago as the most of those
who have bestowed absolute gratuities.
TUB BELIEF FUS’D.
We understand that some dissatisfac
tion is expressed by some of the city 41l
derraen that the management and distri
bution of the supplies and money
contributed from all parts of
the country have been com-,
milled to other hands than those
of their board. There is no use wasting
words on this subject The Aldermen have
no official authority in the premises. This
money and supplies gWen for the benefit
of the sufferers by the fire are not reve
nues of the city, and the Council
have no more legal control over
them than they have over the
money in the National Treasury. The
Mayor is a member of the Aid Society,
and his authority is as a member of that
ociety, and not as Mayor. The money
has been committed to his care, not as
city funds, hut as trustee for its -proper
distribution.
It is a relief to the public to know that
the Common Council, as an official body,
have no authority in the premises.
There is not a donor in all the
broad land who would not, bad
he thought it necessary, have stipulated
in advance that no part of it should be
placed in the hands of the Chicago Board
of Aldermen, and it will,go a great way to
confirm the confidence of the liberal peo
ple of the country to know that the money
and the supplies they have sent are not
subject to the requisition nor the appro
priation of the Common Council. Re
spectable members of the Council will
take no offence in this exclusion. They
know that the hoard, os a whole, is not
honest in any sense of the word, and would
waste, squander, and appropriate for their
personal gain this special and sacred fund,
even if the streets were thronged with
starving people. The whole city breathes
more freely because this fund has been
rescued from the designing men who were
intent upon appropriating it. Any action
by any members of the Council to get pos
session of this money will evoke not only
public contempt but universal indignation.
THE INSURANCE LIST.
Wc continue, in another column, tbe
statement of tbo assets and losses of the
various Eastern insurance companies do
ing business in Chicago. The losses have
swamped a few companies, but the great
bulk of the companies will stand tbe
shock, though it will seriously, if not fa
tally, embarrass their future operations.
Concerning our local companies, tbe situ
ation is regarded as mainly hopeless,
though there may be exceptional cases.
The great and reckless competition, in
duced companies to take risks to an un
limited extent, and waste their receipts
in extraordinary expenses for solicitors.
The result has been that a majority of
these companies have been buried beneath
their losses. In many cases the capital
and assets do not equal 10 per cent of tbe
losses. But even in these cases tbe capi
tal is invested in mortgages upon property
which has been destroyed. It will take
considerable time to have a settlement of
tbe insurance by local companies, and
there are but few persons who are waiting
for payment of that class of insurance in
order to resume business.
WIUX WAS DESTROYED.
IVe bavd refralued publishing any map
of the burnt district No map can impart
the faintest conception of the magnitude
of the disaster wfnch has overtaken the
city. On the consumed portion was con
centrated tbe great bulk cf the wealth of
the city. It was also tho most densely
populated part The unconsumed part
consists chiefly of Ttrivafo rnslrlann.n.s. mnl
utudes of them cheap wooden structures.
A map of the city plat exhibits a vast area
untouched by fire; but it does not convey
the information that not less than eighteen
square miles cf this space is open prairie,
on which scarcely a habitation has yet
been erected. It was annexed from the'
adjoining townships to accommodate the
future growth of the city and for park
purposes. \7e think it would be sale- to
estimate that two-thirds of the capital in
vested in buildings in the entire city per
ished on that dreadful Monday.
WATER AXD GAS.
Our local columns announce the wel
come intelligence that the large engine of
the water works is now repaired, and that
the engineer hope* to get a supply of lake
water into the hydrants of our citizens
early to-day. The South Side will also
soon be furnished with gas from the works
of the People's Gas Company, which is
pushing rapidly its arrangements for es
tablishing a connection through the La-
Salle street tunnel. In order that this
may be accomplished in the most speedy
manner possible, some concert of action
is necessarj* whereby the rubbish can be
cleared away from the ruins in the South
Division, so that the supply pipes to each
building can be reached, and
tion with the mains cut off.
The way in which the commerce of Chi
cago is rising up from the ashes of its for
mer greatness is shown in the fact that
the grain shipments of Monday aggregated
330,383 bushels, and that freight room was i
taken yesterday for 312,000 bushels more.
The same activity is displayed in most
other branches of business.
During the past few days the Sherman
House News Depot has kindly supplied us
with files of late New York papers.
Announcements,
Colonel Eastman, the Postmaster, announces
mac mo uuu«/ «iuu>
in full operation, and is ready to pay all orders
promptly. Postmasters making deposit* should
remit National Bank drafts on Now York, or
send currency by registered letters.
—A registered letter liir Edgar S. Komar is id
the bands of Sam. J. Mcdtll, at Xus Tkiqu.se
office.
—The street railway tracks in the North Pi-,
vision are being rapidly repaired, and the cars'
will be run on North Clark street and Clybourne
avenue to the river in n f»wdnys. Tha company
is nuiiaing temporary stables on Clybourao ave
nue, and it is intention to furnish all requisite
facilities for street car travel on tbo North Side.
—lt was decided veslerday by the Board ol
Directors cf the .-irfrcrncc. tbo Congregational
newspaper published in this city, to resume
its publication'immediately, missing but one
number because of the fire. The Advance was
fortunate enough to save a copy of its subscrip-
tion list, although its account books, types, MSS
and other property of every sort was entirely
destroyed.
Shareholders in the Chicago Building Society,
will bo pleased to know that the hooka and
d'loamonls have been caved, and that, owioe to
tbo peculiar mode of Investment adopted by
the society, they trill suffer no Inss by tbo fire.
The temporary office is at No. 37 West Wash
ington street.
—The ticket office of the Pittsburgh, Fort
Way no «t Chicago Railroad is at 43 Weai
Madison street, in the new Sherman llou<e.
—A valuable paper, belonging to Mrs. Marga
ret Lenahan, end found .during the fire, may bo
recovered at No. 233 Michigan avenue.
—The Pension Agency has been established at
Congress Hall.
—Parties wishing men to work should apply at
the Centenary Church.
—The noon prayer meeting is held each day at
tbo American Reformed Church, on West Wash
ington street. D. L. Moody will lead to-day.
Beal Estate.
The following instruments were filed for record
in tho office of tbo Recorder, at the High School
building, commencing Monday, Oct. Iti
Warrantee deeds--Sub lot 9 oflot2 in Block 33
of w &cc. 21, 39,14. with the building No. 125
£6“000 P 'r tar d t<:4 o -consideration,
-2 louin block Bof Wentworth, n w Sec. 31
aideraihnn £3*ooo. properly d -n
Lota G and 7, of Lot 19. in Block'lo of Rock
well addition, dated October G; consideration.
Quit claim deeds, 3: mortgages and trust deeds
covering real estate, 9; chattel mortgage* 7
The office of the Recorder of Deeds is at* the
Holst cho l k^Mmg, on Monroe street, near
RELIEVING THE DESTITUTE,
Plan of Relief Adopted, and tlic
Work Proceeding: Actively
and Intelligently,
How Food, Fuel, Clothing, etc. are
being Distributed—The City
Districted.
The Able-Bodied Must Remain
in the City and Help
.to Bebuild.
The Noble Generosity of onr
Sister Cities and Towns.
In this City,
From the inevitable chaos in which wore in
volved the efforts to afford relief to the desti
tute in this city, has boon gradually evolved h
system which, though necessarily imperfect,
promises to give intelligent aid to the deserving,
to promote healthy activity on the part of the
needy in relieving their own necessities as far
os possible, and to check the growing tendency
to fatten at leisnre on the bounty of our slater
cities, which threatens to become general among'
the more unprincipled of the sufferers, and the
rogues who have not suffered at all.
Tan Thicdne. some days ago, published the
proclamation of the Mayor, turning over to the
Chicago Relief and Aid Society all contributions
for the suffering people of this city.
With almost inconceivable labor, the society,
have systematized their scheme, and now prom
ise to go ahead with as few blunders as possible.
The Executive Committee have appointed the
following sub-committees, thus dividing the
work, os nearly as possible. Into eight equal por
tions. The sub-committees aro as billows:
No. I. On receiving, storing, and sorting sap
plies, and dealing out upon requisitions from
other committees. Murry j Nelson, Chairman,
aided by General Hardee.
No. 2. Committee on Shelter, to provide lent?
and barracks. T. M. Avory, Chairman.
No. 3. Committee on Employment, to provide
labor t»r able-bodied applicants. Chairman, N.
K. Fairbauk.
No, 4. Committee on Transportation, to pro
vide passes for persons, and freight accommoda
tions for supplies. Chairman, Qeo.M. Pullman.
No. 5. Committee on Reception and Corrc*
spondence, to receive visitors and answer all
despatches and letters. Chairman. Wirt Dexter.
No. 6. Committee on Distribution of Food.
Clothing, and Fuel. O. C. Gibbs, Superintend
ent of Relief and Aid Society, Cbairmnn.
No. 7. Committee on Sick. Sanitary, and Hos-.
pital Measures. Dr. 11. A. Johnson. Chairman.
No. 8. Executive Committee,.consUting-ol
R. B. Mason, the Mayor, and the City Comp
iroller. the President and Chairman of the.Ex
jcutivo Committee of the Chicago Relief and
Aid Society, together with the Chairman of each
>f the foregoing committees, shall.constitute.an:
Auditing Committee, and control of all
contributions. No bills to bo paid -unless upon
checks or drafts signed by the President or
Chairman of the Executive Committee of thi-
Relief and Aid Society, countersigned by R. B.
Mason, Mayor.
VESTEEDXV
tho Executive Committee of the society, having
their headquarters at Standard Hall, corner of
Michigan avenue and Thirteenth street, issued
;ho following notice:
Headquarters, 100 West Washington at.
To the Public;
The Chicago Iloliof and Aid Society this morn
ing assumes tbo control of tho distribution ol
supplies of food, fuel, and clothing, under the
organization and plan given below. This super
■?ede3 and relieves, the form of distribution that
has been gains on up to tho present time. The
pressure upon the District and Sub-District offi
ces and Superintendents will for a fow days be
immense, and wo invite the co-operation and
assistance of all citizens in carrying into opera
tion the plan of organization and work adopted.
Aid will especially bo needed in directing the
needy to the right office for obtaining supplies.
Posters printed In English. Gorman and Scan
dinavian. giving full information,tho boundaries
of districts and sub-districts, and location of
office forsupplying tho same, will be posted to
day in all pans of the city. With earnest and
nearly co-operation on tbe part of- all, and pa
tience and-forbearanco toward such irregulari
ties and delays as must be unavoidable in put
ting into practical operation a plan of visitation
and-reliefon so Urge a scale, but few day*~wilt
elapse before every needy family will have beoi.
visited, their condition and circumstances re
corded in tbo office of tho district in which the}
reside, and aid intelligently rendered according
to necessities.
district no. 1,
Territory—Tho North Division. Superinten
dent, Robert Colly <-r: office. Lincoln School. Or
chard street, sear Fullerton avenue.
district no. 2.
Territory—All of tho West Division lying
north of Kiosie street: Superintendent, F. M.
Rockwell.
Sub-District No. I—All that portion of the
above, lying north of Augusta street. Office,
church corner of Rucker and Division streets.
£ab-District No. 2—All that portion of the
above, lying south ot Augusta street. Office.
Tabernacle Church, corner of Morgan and Indi
ana streets.
DISTRICT NO. 3.
Territory—All or the West Division bounded
by Kinzle and Twelfth streets, and tbo river and
city limits: Superintendent, General O. L
Mann,
Sub-District No. I—All tho above district
lying cast of Ualited street. Office, St. Patrick’.
Church, corner of Adams and Desplnine*
streets.'
Sub-District No. 2—All of the above district
tying between Ilalatcd street and Ashland ave
nue. Office, Jfo. 390 West Madison street, near
Centre avenue.
Sub-District No. 3 All of tbo above district
lying westof Asnlanu avenue. Office, basement
•if Park Avenue M. E. Church, corner of Park
avenue and Robey street.
DISTRICT NO. 4.
Territory—All of tbo West Division lying south
of Twelfth street. Superintendent, T. X. Pros-
Sab-District Jfo. I—All of the above district,
b.unded by West Xwclftn atreat and river, and
tbe Chicago, Burlington Quincy Railroad,
river and Centro avenue. Office in church on
Hoisted street, near Twsuty-second street.
Sub-District No, 3—Bounded by West Twelfth
street. Centre avenue, river and city Hi?** s
Office Mitchell street, pear T/brooc,
Territory—All of the Soutt ilivlsion; Super
intendent, J. C. Hill.
Sab-District No. I—All of tbo above district
north of Twenty-second street. Office, base
ment of' Plymouth' Church, corner of Wabash
avenue and Eldridga court,
Sub-District No. 2—All of tbo above district
lying south of Twenty-second street. Office,
corner ol State and Twenty-second streets.
NOTICE.
No person will receive aid from any office but
of tbo district and sub-district In which he re
sides. All churches and other buildings from
which supplies have been given out to families
will bo subject to the control of the Superin
tendent of the district, and those in charge oi
the same will give out no more supplies except
on bis order or that of some person duly author
ized by him. O. C. Gibbs,
General Superintendent of tho distribution of
supplies.
TBE SUB-COMMITTEES,
with the exception of those on transportation,
and correspondence, hare their headquarters at
No. 409 West* Washington street. -The cxcep*
tioos are at Standard Ilall.
COMMITTEE ON* STORING AND RECEIVING SUPPLIER.
Hurray Nelson is Chairman of this Commit
tee, whose duty is. on receiving notice of the
arrival of provisions at the depot, to convey them
thence to the supply depots, Tobey t t Booth’s
warehouse. Shaw’s warehouse. N0,48 West Ran
dolph street, Nos. 50 and 52 Canal street, and the
West Side Rink. The duties of this committee
are very simple, but give plenty of employment.
THE COMMITTEE ON SHELTER
have on their hands about os much as a dozen
men in the office can attend to. T. M. Avery is the
Chairman, and he has arranged a system which
promise* to bo very valuable. Tbo general ob
ject of the society, is to prevent, as much os pos
sible. the hording together indiscriminately, and
m largo numbers, of btjrnt’out sufferers, or per
sons claiming shelter. They aro opposed en
tirely to the throwing pell-moll into the heart of
the city a crowd of idle and vicious characters.
I whose barrnckswill bo tbo hot-bed of vice and
I sickness. They aro la favor of soatte'ring
the temporary dwellings throughout the entire
city, including the burned district. In fast, any
where the, applicant may find a lot. Every ap
-1 plicaut for assistance is compelled to answer tbo
following questions: Name; former residence:
where located Qumbor of family; ifburned
1 out, whether owner of lot ojr house; location of
lot -where ho will build; occupation;
what kind of wqrk, if any. bo wants;
reference: what Insurance, and in
what company; amount of money if any in bank,
and any circumstances looking to show cause
for assistance, Tbo committee began tbeir
work on Monday, by recoiling- applications.
1 Each application is thoroughly investigated.
Unless endorsed by some trcllable and well
known citizen, or in case of the most urgent
necessity applications will 1)0 refused. When
the fofafenco is good, tbo oprl‘££t!O nß is
instantly fciipijetj 19 (ho purchasers 11. AI. Fuller.
If rhs consists of only throe persons, an
order is givefi on any lumber dealer who will
honor tbo orders of the committee, for lumber
for a house 12x16 feet, with amounts af lumber
specified, tihould the family bo larger, the
faouao is to be 15x20 feet, for which a
correspondingly largo amount of wood
is ordered. The committee bare prepared
cuTtiTfeadinosi"'foYuse,*Ufb only'
tosettowork and build. If the applicant is a
widow, or physically incapacitated from build
ing, thocommittee giro orders to bui'd for her.
Tbcir intcnlion and desire is to more the low
class of people as quick-yas possible from the
barracks, and convert their present quarters into
storehouses. The citizens of the Seventeenth
Ward bare already organized a co-operative
association to oct in concert with
the committee. They report applications
and references, and tbo committee give the
necessary orders. At the headquarter#, yester
day, though the life and activity was wonder
ful, the order maintained, and iho promptitude
with which applications were filed, examined,
and reported en was equally astonishing. Be
tween yesterday morning and noon 100 families
helped to help themselves..
COMMITTEE ON EMPLOYMENT*
The report 01 this committee should bo an
index to the condition «.ftbo sufferers mb regards
tbelr willingness to giro quid pro gno for the
bounty they receive, J3a£ tbejr report |s not en
couraging, N» K, Fairbank is the Cboirwhn of
tbat committee.. He has put.himsoTin o.inmu
mention with contractors and others who aro in
search of employes, and daily sends round to the
various distributing points a list o
situations offered for men ond women, Offers of
employment for builders and servant gifts are
pouring in from all quarters, but tbe applicant*
for situations aro wonderfully scarce. When au
applicant forreliel comes for food undolutblng.
the question as to wbejhor ho or she is willing
to work is immediately put, Tbe reply is inva
riably in tbe affirmative; but tbo situa
tions .do not suit. Mr. Wirt Dexter
yesterday showed to our reporter
a call for 800 men to work oo tpo,St Mary's Fall
Capal. at $2 ncr diem, which humjnds bad al
ready refused to accept. It is pn.bafalo that tbc
committeo wiU shortly look :nto this matter
with great scrutiny.
TB.IXSPORTATIOX COMMITTEE.
At Ibe head of a large table in a front room In
Standard Hall, Georgo Pullman, Chair
man ef tbo Committee on Transportation,
ts signing passes for free transportation. Six
assistants aro setting around tbo tab.e. examin
ing with (he greatest possible cure, every appli
cation for a free pass, which, unless it b.-ars tho
endorsement of some good and substantial citi
zen,is quietly rejected. Only the worthless are
allowed to leave tho nity. Able-bodied men of
lazy-disposition.- may save themselves the
trouble of applying: men who have
suffered in no wny from the firo may spend their
time more profitably than In walking to Stan
dard Hall. None but the obtain Iroo i
transportation, and, therefore, none but tbo do
serving need apply. i
COMMITTEE OX EXCEPTION AND CORRESPONDENCE. I
D fit Dexter w tho Chairman ofthis commit*
s.irics ts dodo other than Mr O P pikk# it,*
s&raa*was*
COMMITTEE OS BICE, SANITARY, ASD HOSPITAL
MEASURES.
R f„ h committoo is c-.mpoaed of Dm, Johnson.
Ranob, Ash. and Mo\ ichor, and their daties are
pre-sinE. ardunns, and unen viable, but they hare
?hAfr r^.?™ P -rf! roil re “i t ar<i systematising
f ff Cly hw been divided into
*5? Sfgnd divisions, ntlh districts and ihßdrs
tricts. Physicians have been appointed -to vfsit
thc charity patients and decide whether or not
they deserve medical aid. Dispensaries have
-been established in various parts of the city, and
raorerTmehortly be opened. There is one on
the West Side, three on the South Side, and odo
on the North Side, where free prescriptions are
made up and dispensed. 'Physicians are also in
attendance .day and night. The hospital
accommodations, r already greatly enlarged,
are being daily extended. The organ
ization for their manogement
will be mode to-day. Gen. Sheridan has prof
fered the assistance of the Army Surgeons o! his
command, who wil co-oporute to ihoir utmost
extent. As fur as is yet learned, the accommo
dations among tlio hospitals is as follows:
Scammon 40: St. Lake’s 70; Mercy 250. Woman’s
10; ami Pr videnco and County Hospital to
gether 700. (Preparations are being made for bar
-*»ck accommodations for 1,000 additional' pa
tients.
AUDITING COMMITTEE,
Mr. Alfred Spink has a largo room in Stand
ard Hall, and is nearly buried In business.
Twenty-five assistants are equally burdened
with work. Every bill presented must go
through their baud*, and receive the endorse
ment of the Andliii.g Committee. The amount
received In clothing, provisions, and fuel is al
ready immense, but no authentic record appears
to have been kept. About 82,006,000 have been
received in money, $400,000 in drafts and money,
and the balance in open credits. This commit
tee bus charge of the finance? <it the society.
THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
For ton minutes uur reporter was enabled to
interview Air. Wirt Dexter. That gentleman,'
with a huge pile of documents before him, bad
very little time to wast**. and bad made arrange
ments to waste none. What bo wished to have
anown was about as follows: Tbo society are
•ndcavortog to reproduce on a gigantic scale the
system which they have so successfully applied
to tbo destitute previous to tbo firo. They are
jndoavoring to help men and women to
telp thimseivcß. They have adopted a
<ysCom of regulation to check any attempt nt
roguery on tbo part of applicants for aid. The
name, age, condition, residence, occupation and
general description of overy man and woman
•vho applies is registered, and posted on the
ledger. Orders for.one week aio issued to (hose
found deserving, and visitors are* immediately
placed upon the track of the applicant to dis
cover whether tho donation has boon wisclv
made. There is no chance for “repeating'’
aerclorc. Air. Dexter is determined that it
is a matter of business, -and not n
maudlin, wishy-washy sentiment, and rascals
bare no mercy shown them. Too strictest in
quiry, therefore, is beneficial in every way to the
iesorving, while It is hard upon tbo undeserv
ing. Ho is aware that mistakes may, and proba
*ly will occur, but. in bis opinion, the injury
lone by these wi!l be trifling as compared wita
;baf which would result from lavish and.
;irofu3o' outpouring of tho funds
•vbicli' the noble generosity of tbo
nation has placed before tho society for impar
tial distribution.-"From day to day wo shall bo
enabled to lay- before our readers tbo results
achieved by. tho society. Tbo-whole world has
an interest in their action.
THE NORTH SIDE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
have appointed a special oomtn.tteo, consisting,
of B. bVCulver. Henry Flintyc, 11. .G- Spaffurd.
Wm. H. Bradley, James L. Stark. nnaF.H.
Kales. who are requested to meet at North Side
Headquarters to-day. October 18, at 12 o'clock me.
card rnuM general _mank.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sib: Thoimpression having prevailed that I
bavo charge of the general distribution-of. sup
plies for tbo West Division, I desire, in order to
avoid unnecessary trouble, to say that I otly
nave charge of all territory botwoon Kinxio and
L'wolftb streets, and tbo river and tbo western
city limits. O. L. Manx,
No. 30 West M.idison street.
ACriON OF TUB EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
.1 Avuu.i ur i a. m lotui <iu
A largi and influential meeting of the Episco
pal Clergy of this city, together with tho Stand
ing Committee, vat held at 3p. m. last Satur
day, tho Bishop biaisolt being present and prt
tiding, in order to take united action lor tbo re
lief of sufferurs by the Great Fire.
Tbo Bishop, who bad returned from tho Goi
;rnl Convention now in session, at Bala
more, for tho special purpose of
taking counsel with his clergy in
his cmergcucy. and of aiding, by bis
presence and influence tho efforts that are bciig
made on behalf of tho afflicted and destitute, ii
formed those who wore present, that at n mee>
iog of the Board of Missions bold in Baltimu'C
on the evening of Monday, tbo 9lh lost., a sun
■f £2,050 in money was raised for the relief of tio
•oflerers; which bad been placed in tbohaodsuf
tbo Mayor of the city, for appropriation.
lie also stated that all tho Bishops bad unit'd
in a pastoral letter to every parish in the couk
.ry, calling for collections to bo made in tie
churches on thoXOth instant and following Sui*
day.
It was tho unanimous sentiment of the clergy
that, in the fulfilment of tboir office os almoner
of thcCbureh cnaritics, it would be inenmbect
up-n them to act in full co-operation with tte
ienoral Relief and Aid Association, so as to
keep a check upon imposture, and to render suc
cor to the real sufferers in the most efficient man
ner.
Tncro was a very strong expression of opinion
on tbo part of the mooting, that, desirablo ns it
undoubtedly was, for tho Bishop to bo in the city
»t this juncture, still, tho great object ot bis ro
am hbving been accomplished, the cauio in
lucstion Would bo more effectually promoted by
the influence of bis personal presence among the
members of tbo General Convention; while bis
:lergy, together with their fellow-helpers, could
bo doing their part at home, toward the allevia
tion of want and suffering.
The Bishop will therefore, probably, rotura to
Baltimore within a day or two.
ODD YELLOWS.
Tho Relief Committee of the Odd Fellows are
working assiduously day and plght tocarofor
the families ot that fraternity. The work that
is facing dune by them is systematic and careful.
and those who are sending ill supplies or money
!i«cd hare no fear that their generous benefac
tions will be lavishly squandered or parsimon
iously hoarded. Tbo officers are J, Ward Ellis,
Chairman, John G. Rogers, Treasurer, E. B.
Sherman, Secretary.
The committee have been permitted to occupy
the main room of the Fifth Baptist Church,
corner of Saneamop and Harrison streets, trbexc
tney propose to elay/or the trlnfrr. All applicu
tiooa must bo made there. Supplies sent should
bo directed to J. Ward Ellis, Odd Fellow's US*
lief Committee, and money to John Q. Rogers.
Treasurer Odd Fellow?* Relief Committee. Ue
mictances and supplies are bclug constantly to*
~~«i fnrefully distributed.
CHICAGO B*i5 KP AM). AID COMMITTER.
To the vartoua Transportation KrDffjj vQII I*
nunics of Chicago
Large quantities of article# consigned to indi
viduals aro being delivered without the order of
tbo consignee. We ask that this may bo stopped.
All goods should bo hold subject to the order of
the consignee, or delivered only to this society.
By order of committee.
A PUBLIC MEETING
of the ladies of this city, under the auspices of
1 tbo Ladies* Christian Union, will bo held on
Thursday next at 4 p. m., in tbo American Re
formed Church, corner of Ann and Wash
ington streets, to organize a system .of relief fir
the multitudes of women and children rendered
d stituteby tbo late fire. Ail ladies interest**!
in the work are earnestly requested, to be
present.
THE PITTSBURGH COMMITTEE,
f The Pittsburgh Citizens’ Relief Committee ar
rived on Saturday. Their headquarters are at
the new Sherman House. Thu names of the
committee are: J. H. Jones, Chairman, H. W.
Oliver. R. If. Hartley, Wm. Douglass, Thomas
Pnolns, S. Beyner, and M. E. Murchoad. Pitts
burgh has seutliboralSy.and'tbe committee have
come to arrange lor more supplies. Too .Mayor
ol Pittsburgh has been telegraphed to establish
a depot for supplies, subject to the order of the
Chicago Relief _ and Aid Society: also
to the Ladies’ Relief Society o!
Pittsburgh to procure worm clothing for
women and children, and send on at once. The
committee report collections-thus far of over
$160,000, with more coming. Tbo Cimmon
Council have voted §IOO.OOO. over £00.009 of which
is already subscribed. The people of Pittsburgh
propose to continue tbo g-jod work. The com
mittee will remain at the now Sherman House
three or four days iongtr, and would be glad t»
see any of the sufferers in this city, who have
friends in Pittsburgh, and carry information ol
wants, and arrange for relief.
.THE CINCINNATI SOUP DOUSE.
The Cincinnati soup bouse, on' the corner of
North Peoria and iho P., C. «fc St. L. Railroad
track, will bo open for tbo free delivery of soup
to tbo needy this morning at. 8 o’clock. Per
sons wlihthg'soup wRI bring buckets or other
vessels, as it paiinot bp eatep on* tbo premises.
The soup bouse hug a capacity to cook about
J.OOffgallons daily,
RELIEF ORGANIZATIONS.
Iho gloomy cloud of our cal unity is not with
out many rays of sunshine relieving its dark
i acas. Brightest in the eye of tho observer arc
tho various benevolent organizations, displaying
i os great energy in distributing relief to tbo suf
erers.as our business mei display in recon
structing tfacir Ibuainess. ilev. R. C* Wines loft
for Springfield. last evening, after a week’s in
cessant personal labor in distributing the stores
sent by that generous city, aud co-opcraling
with tho Presbyterian clergy of tbo city in tho
organized effort to resuscitate the various ioati
tution* or that denominaiion. Wo have justsocn
J. r. McNeill, i3iq„ of Washington, D. C„ who
comosin charge of six«y boxes of supplies to
stared ut the qopot of the Young Men’s Chris
tian Association, Seventh Church, corner of
P«oria and Jackson streets. This assoointion
waJ .3U5d in FVfiling urder immediately after
tbo tire, and bus smcS sirCngfueniid its Organt
lation by appointing Rev. Robert Patterson, I).
D., Relief Secretary, and John V. Fnrwcll,
treasurer, holding the ftinds at Lunt, Preston
•fe Kean’s Banking House, where any' dona
tions for the association will ho
received. Tbo Young Men’s Christian Associa
tion will givu free Storage to the stores of dclo
country.and facilities fo£.jJU
tecs wiiom they may appoint. The noon prayer
meeting is again in operation ip tho African
Reformed Church, West street,
eornerof Aon; R svs. Patterson, Dumarosl. Wm.
Beecher, E. C. Wines, and D. L* Moody partici
pate in tho proceedings.
Outside Belief Matters.
D2LEOATIOK i-fcOU pAK+IjA,
A delegation from the Relief Committee Of
the town of Brantford. Ontario, consisting oi
Wm. Mqtbews, Esq., Mayor; T. S. Shenston,
Esq., Registrar, and if. B, looming, lssq, t ar
rived in Chicago on Saturday last, tor the par
pose of ascertaining tho moans adopted for the
proper of tho contributions sent to
uid in relieving pba distress occasioned by the.
Into firo. Alter visiting .tho various relief com
mittees of tho city, end an examination of tho
appliances used, forwarded the following report
to tho said Cpmmitteo of tho town of
Brantford t
“Having boon honored with your confidence
in deputing us to proceed to Chicago to ascertain
tho best method of disposing of your contribu
tion. deigned by you to assist, with other towns
and cities, in miilgatiqg the suffering sauced by
the calamity thaj; qqs ocialjon tho gre'nt city of
the West, ffo.lakp. an onj-ly opportunity of giv
ing nn account of our mission fiefo,
It is lamentable to aoe tqo widespread deso r
latioo, and it must occur to every oqo tho suffer*
ing entailed thereby.
“Wo desired first, to ascertain what the
machinery was that is put in operation to relievo
be necessities of tho sufferers t and secondly, tho
measures of confidence that is acoorded to those
having charge of the l&rgo and generous contri
butions' that are pouring in from all quarters.
“IVe bavo much satisfaction la stating that,
with characteristic energy, tho authorities of
Chicago have organised what appears to bo a
very complete system of relief, .and from
general inquiry wo find thodiffurent committees
aro composed of gentlemen of the highest
integrity, forming tho “Aid and Relief
mittee of tho City of Chicago,’ 1 which, being an
incorporated body, have tho entire confidence of
(bo public, and Irom conversation with tho beads
of several of these committees, th<-y express
-a strong'determination that tho aid received
shall bo judiciously and honestly distributed,”
We bavo pleasure, therefore, in reporting to
the citizens of BrautforJ and other towns en
gaged in the laudable, work of relieving in somo
moaauro the wants of tho distressed of ibis city,
that wobelievo the aid will be dispensed wlsjy
and to thobest advantage,
“We think* from information received) that
it is hotter to send each articles as can be pur
chased to good advantage in Canada and, by
coming in free of duty, will accomplish more
good tbau by sending money, and wo would
enumerate small “cooking stoves,” wooli-n
goods, and mechanics’ tools of different kinds.
It is depr-ssing and sad to see the prosperous
city levelled and in ashes: bat-the'feelings
are relieved by many Instances of cheer
ful determination that Chicago shall rise
from its ruins, and it is especially refreshing
and grateful to see the better side of human
nature, as displayed in the large and generous
contributions that are- sent here to relieve our
common brotherhood, and which are not con
fined within the narrow limits of race or nation*
ality. _
Chicago, Qct. 16, 1871-
William Mathews. Mayor,
T. S. Shexstok. Registrar,
"H.B- Lkemino.”
LETTEB FROM MB. ALEXANDER T. STEIVAET TO MR.
JOHN V. FASWnLL.
New York. Oct, 11,1871.
John V. Fanel<l, Eiq., Chicago, III.:
MT Drab Sib: Last evening I seat a telegram
to the Hon. H. B. Mason, ilayor of your city,
authorizing him to draw on mo (or $50,000, to be
distributed by him, in conjunction with yourself
and Messrs. Field and Loiter, among those needy
sufferers by the late calamitous fire which has
visited you. whom you may regard os worthy of
being aided in their misfortunes.'
I know it is a liberty I am taking to ask. you
to devote a portion of your time to this work—
employed, as yoa mast be, with your own busi
ness affairs; yet I feel assured that you will de
rive a pleasure in having it in your power to aid
in alleviating the distress of those among you
whom you,know to be worth/ and in need of as
sistance.
It is my special wish that this sum. shall bo
mainly devoted to the' aiding of women wha are
dependent for support upon their own exertions,
and also widows and children without means.'or
protectors to provide for tnem.
For yourself, accept mv very warmest expresr
stons of sympathy, confident that your well
known energy and business integrity will short
ly enable you to surmount the great misfortune
which has befallen yon.
Sincerely your friend,
Alex. T. Stbwaet.
Cairo’s bounty.
Our friends in Cairo feel hurl at the neglect of.
tho Chicago papers in not acknowledging the
generous promptitude that characterized that
city la 'despatching to this city
two oar loads of provisions'.for the.sufferers
before the fire bad ceased- its ravages. Within
onohourof the receipt of the intelligence of
our calamity, SI,OOO bad been subscribed, and
succor was on its way hither. Oar friends mtlsl
bear in mind that all the newspaperoffices In the
city were destroyed, and, though tbo spirit is
willing, tbe opportunities are sometimes want
ing. Wo are grateful to Cairo, and (hough, per
haps, a littlo late in acknowledging their bounty,
wo cheerfully do so now.
w MISCELLANEOUS.
Between $40,000 and JSoO,UOO v have' been .zub
scsibod by tbo hat, c.ipT straw goods, and mllli-'
nory lines in New York, and tho snm bos been
placed at the disposal of a committee- consisting
of D. B. Fisk, N. O. -Williams, Edson Keith; and
Mr.'GrimbleV The committee have'decided to
leave the sum in Now York for the present,
subject to their order. This ia the largest.sum
yet subscribedby any one butincss.
—Among tbo many' handsome instances of
vonorosity'whioh' have boon shown by Now
York merchants,'since our calamity came upon
us,is that displayed by Messrs Ivison, Blakcmin,
Taylor,&Co. school book publishers.who,though
losing a heavy stock of books and valuable ac
counts In their State street establishment,
telegraphed at onco to Mr. Edward Cook. Ihoir
Chicago representative, to draw on them for
SLOOO in aid tbesufferors by tho fire.
—Messrs. Culver. Page. Hoyno Ss Gn.;'ll North
Desplaincs street, have received 5625 for distri
bution in sums of $25 each, by themselves and
The WoaterovNews Company, S. C. Griggs
Co., Henry 0.-e:»hdfnep Co., Spaulding A
La. Monte. R. JLMorio.,N. M-itsu-i Co:, Cobb
Bros., Thomas Cogswed. Wendell iTlymer,
Rodaen «k Hamilton. Giles Bros., Small. Re
banks Co, These firms are requested to send
or toe money.
•“•The Insurance Company of North A merici
(Philadelphia) havo-subscribed £I,OOO for the «uf
lercrs, and, in addition, announce their intention
of payingralt losses in full.
—Robert Jlervoy bat received a telegram from
the St. Andrew's, Society of New York, to draw
for $1,200, to aid tbo Illinois St. Andrew’s Society
in relieving safferers.
Chauncoy T. Bowen has received 51,000, as
the subscription of tho Gorman American Bank,
of New York, to aid tho needy.
—Albert E. Ebert, corner of State and Twelfth
streets, has fS'-f) appropriated in San Francisco
for the relief of tbo'Chlcago druggists.
—Me«sr?.Streot A Smith,proprietors of the Now
York VTtcklu, bare" despatched an agent to this
city for tho relief of burned out news dealers.
Losers by tbo fire please call at No. 99 West Ran
dolph street (basement) as soon as possible.
—James Campbell. Portage City, Wie,, Presi
dent of the Madison it Portnge Railroad, writes
us to say that bo has a largo dwelling house at
Albany, eight miles from Brnadbead, Wis., and
eight small dwellings at Morrison, which he
will open root freo to sufferers by the into Chi
cago fire.
—Mr. Lemuel Milk, of Kinkakoo telegraphed
yesterday to Mr. C. Q. Cooley, of No: 63 Sooth
Canal street, that be is prepared to furnish house
room free for the winter, to any friend of the
latter. Applications aro in order.
—F. P. Cummins, ot CrawforJsville, Ind., of
fers to 6 d places far thirty servant girls in that
place. T ioy mav address him by mull.
—Too Young Mens’ Christina Association of
Philadelphia, in response to an appeal for aid
from too Rav. Hubert Patterson of this city, arc
working bravely for tho relief of tbo sufferers
in this city.
The Latest.
The receipts of provisions for tho Relief and
Aid Society aro falling off very largely, and wc
shall soon be thrown upon our mon»y resources.,
which cannot last long at the rate of distribution
going on. So economy should be urged upon oil
in tho use and distribution of meats and oil
food, and our Eastern friends urged to keep up
supplies of raw material as actively as possible.
iIuBRY Nelson.
MEETINGS HELD YESTERDAY.
Orphan Asylum.
At a special meeting of tbo Managers of the
Asylum, held October 17th. to take measures to
meet tho increased demand uppn their resources,
■ho following resolutions wore adopted;
Resolved, That tho Asylum parlors bo vacated at
once, and tendered to tho Relief Committee as n do-
for supplies of clothing Ac. for this district; and
also that free use of our rnemt grounds, fronting
on Wabash-nv., for the erection of l*u Mings for sup
ply or shelter, as the committee mar see fit.
Resolved,. That Ur*. Swift and Mrs. ColH«r be ap
pointed a committee to wait upon Sir. David A. Gage
to solicit an appropriation from the relief fund fur
lh»u»oof tho Asylum.
Resolved. To ftj np the fourth story of/the Asylum
jb “t az&tssxvi
•d to Bits* Sw«n. Matron, and her As'lwaute, Miss
Myers A"d Bliss Blake, for their generous otter of
gratuitous service through tbo winter;
Tbo meeting win than adjourned to mectat
’ho Asylum, October 19. at 3 o’clock p.m. All
metnborc of the board are requested to be
rreagat*
Meeting of City Pastor*.
A meeting of city pastors was held yesterday
afternoon at Plymouth CMOgregalirtnal Church,
Wabash aveou*. Rev. W. A. Bartlett presided,
The result of n brief conference was an endorse*
mont of the action of the Relief and Aid Society.
It wai also decided to bold meetings every day
at Mr. Bartlett’s study room*, f<»r the purpose of
’urthcr carrying out the work assigned to them,
and specially to take into consideration all those
eases of relief requiring delicate treatment. All
*uch cases will bo reported at these meeting*,
and will be transmitted to the proper shperin
tondcnU, -V
Knights of Pythias,
A marling of th« Kntghfs nf Pythias was held
in Fort Dearborn Lodge, I. O- of O. F.. on Mon
day evening. By a resolution the Worthy Chan
cellor of each lodge in the jurisdiction ot Chicago
was elected a member of the general reli< f com
mittee in connection with this order. The K. of
I. have been actively at work during the past
week, and valuable a'listanco has been rendered
to distressed brothers.
Tho Theatrical Managers,
Messrs. McVicker, Aiken, TTooley, and
Brandt, who u<»n«ti'tite tlio committee of relief
for actors, »mt at the Briggs Jf yesterday
morning. They Jind r ceiv-rl §1.400. and each
took »250 and divided it among tbo members of
his company. The remaining S4OO remains in
the hands of the Treasurer, Mr. McVicker. More
money Is on the way, and as aoen as it conics to
hand it will bo distributed among the actors in
need orrelio.. McVicker was tbo only manager
who. paid his company theirsalarie* for the week
ending October 13.
Board of Trade.
Tho Board of Directors of tho Board ot Trndo'
hold, mooting at A. 11. Wrieht’, office, jester
day mornmg. All the members woro present.
The only imporlapt bqslncpa transactor. wii* Joa
itructing the Committee on Tlooms tb secure a
lot.ncartbe Chamber of Commerce and erect a
temporary building at once.
Fortunate.
having, valuable watches ana dia
mqnds. at -the store of Giles, Bro. Co.' for re
pairs, will be glad to know that tbe firm took
0.-iro to preserve them, and that they are reopen
ed-lor repairing and supplying goods af eer
ier of Wabash avenue and Twenty-second
street.
MISSIXO AJVD FOUND,
Continuation of the List—A ‘Well-Known
Lawyer Among tho Former.
The following names form a continuation of
the Hat of missing" and found:” Mrs. Ed
ward Smith and two children, formerly of
Mobile, Ala., stopping at the Adam* House.
Addro»g Uoorgo Adler, Chicago Post Office.
“The family, of Ho; lUS LnUo atrest.
aro invited to make their home with Otto Rich
ter, ofSfl Sunonorslroot, Cleveland.
—James W. Krepps, Superintendent of the
Chicago Waste UoaningCompany. office corner
jeave’his'addresß al fhls bWfcV.’orVbnd if£6‘tfllU
tarn Flinn, LawnoH. Md,
.—Margaret A. P. Way, or any one knowing
Sir nK t .sfe c ßirir aio f,h Sim
”{.r an v c J 5 Agncw, builder, can bo found at No.
644 Washington Avcmto.
urgently toqulred Wtfcr urWmfe. Sophia Berg,
of No. 71ff Third avenue, Jfcw York City,
arflraT L&Tiuubheimcr, of No. 75
-North Clark street. will please telegraph to
George Uomuntjen, Sftyahn^b.tja,
_ ~Qoor»o Morr|soi| wjii |>leniia oallat No. 181
South Peoria street, whore he can hear of bis
sister.
-“Tommy Jackson. 10 year* of age, is wanted
by bis inuther at N°« JO Aberdeen street,
—rMftrgiifet gwcoqey, Joe Sweeney, or James
sWS? II w, report to Mrs. Young, at
.No. 13S. corner First and North streets.
—A little girl. 4 years of age. named McCauley,
strayed from her parents in Fulton street. She
uat Centenary Cnuroh.
—On Wednesday morning of last week, a
notice appeared in The Xbiboxk that Afw
rraneis Adams was missing. That doy Mrs
Adams called at The Teihuxe office, and left a
n..to for her h H«9Wd. which noio has hot yet
boon called for. On ifonduy the following card
wna left at this offica: u
P. \V. Adams. E«i.-Call at 2<s Michican
Ss2*i&
Oct. IG, I3TJ,
Insurance Items.
Tlio North British k Mercantile Fire Insur
ance Co. bare telegraphed to S. M, Moore Co
that they will pay their losses in full, amount
ing to $2,500,000. This they propose to do with
out touching their reserve in this country
amounting to 51,500,000, more, and have ■nh
in of the sufferers
Tfa o agents of the ootnpany, S. M.
Ir/’n^** r wP r0( business nt once,
w^‘ n e»P«uranoeat No. G3 South
Sl3 ,J V sl,n department is lo
catoa at Nc. 279 Wabash avenue, wnero a largo
?kl? 3 m* u sters “ro now a t work, to the end
possible C aims may b BC l lcd ai rapidly as
General Ducal, the agent of the Homo In
surance Company, of New York, has received a
tdegram from C. J. Martin, President, to-the
euect that the Board have just resolved unani
mously to £ll up their capital to $2,500,000 at the
earliest pracacablo moment, which will restore
tho anetsi of the Homo to nearly $4,000,000 after
paying toe Chicago losses,
CHICAGO YESTERDAY.
Tlte General Sitnation of Af
fairs Brightening.
Congratulatory Order from the
-Ziieutenant General.
Clearing the Sains —Several Fine
Buildings Commenced in the
Burnt District.
The Water-Works Bumps Set in
Operation Jiast Evening.
The General Situation.
A week is enough time for Chicago to plume
herself for a new flight. Seven days ago, yester
day, we awoke a ruined city: to-day we are
again on the high road to'material sneeess, and
□ever has there been more progress accomplish
ed in one week than in the ouo from the 9tb to
the 16th of this month. A week ago the city was
a mass of ruinsrto-day the ruins remain, but
fully. one-fourth,—perhaps one-half.—of them
are surmounted with evidences of faith in our
powers of recuperation and in the will of the city
to rise again. This period of a week
Is an important one, as. showing what onr citi
zens can do-between their periods of rest. It
may not be ont of place to briefly review what
the commercial portion of Chicago has done In a
week:
It has organised safety oat of chacto and ter
ror; nod, under the efficient administration o(
General Sheridan, bos thwarted tho design of
OVei T *kief 'and' incendiary who
may have been' •in the city.
With the contemptuous indifference to which be
has.been educated, tbe General does not believe
tbat.there have been any incendiaries or their
like in tho city, and has issued a proclamation
which is in the highest degree reassuring to cit
izens who. have yet something to lose by a possi
ble conflagration. Below will be found the proc
lamation. which is addressed to tbo Mayor:
Headquarters Mil. I>iv. or the Jlissounr, 1
_ Chicago, Oct. 17. IS«I. j
To His Honor Mayor It. B. Mason, Chicago. III.:
bia: I respectfully report to your Honor the con
tinued peace and *j«let of tho .city. There bus teen
no case ’of violence since the disaster of Sunday
night and Monday morning.
Tho reported cases lathe public press of violence
ana dlsnrdars here are wltbont the slightest founds
lion. There hna not l»een n single coho of arson,
hanging or shootlng-not evrn'n rP>t or a street fight.
L have seen no reason for tho circulation of such re
ports.*
It gives mo pleasure trv bring to the notice of your
Honor (ho chrerfnl spirit with which tho population
of-this city have met their losses nnd sufferings.
ery respectfully, year obedient servant,
P. 11. SHERIDAN. LioUt. Gou.
Tbo head of tho city is certainly right in bis
implied assertion that some of tbo city papers
havo been entirely too freo with alarmist ro
ports of shootings and burnings; but tho citizens
of tbo unturned portion of tbo South and West
Sides must'not by any moans take the above pro*
clamation as a warrant to ceaso tbo vigilance
which has marked their conduct so far. The
omnipresent, patrols may nob bo qnito as useful
or necessary now as a few nights ago; bat it
would not bo tho part of wisdom to abandon
them yeti Tbo regular force is doing vast good,
and will probably bo continued for some time
yet.
BUILDING.
In tbo matter of building, tho promises m adc
by the burncd out merchants aro being redeem
ed with a promptness and energy surprising'to
anybody bat a Chicagoan. Contracts aro being
given out as fast as possible for tho reconstruc
tion of a vast number of edifices, both business
and residence, and tbo few weeks that will elapse
before wlntersols in will be well improved.
THE OPENING Or THE BANKS
on yesterday gave immense satisfaction to suob
men os wore fortunate cnougk to bavo money to
draw out.
THE BUSINESS PROSPECTS
of tho Twenty-second street dealers aro somneh
.changed, and that for tho bettor, that ono is
compelled to wonder whether there has really
been any .fire—ho certainly would not bo con
vinced of It from a casual glaoeo at State and
the cross streets.
colonel eastman’s work
on the 'Wabash Avenue 31. E. Church is pro
gressing well, end the siats aro rapidly being re
moved and the insido being put in condition for
a Post Office. Tho public will bail tho removal
from Burlington Hall to tho new quarters with
satisfaction, for it is now a matter of no little
time and difficulty to gala access to the general
delivery,
STREET TRAVEL.
Ono of the phenomenal features of South Side
life at present is the immense and nediainisbed
amount of travel in the streets,. The establish
ment of additional omnibus line?,on the ave
nues; tho reduction of fares one-half, and the
largo number of street vara may all bo men
tionedin connection; bqtJtiiß reason 'ls practi
cally unreachable. Sight-seeing was reason
enough for a few days; but- it is not to bo ex
pected that people will unntinuc to visit tho
rums aay after day for weeks at u time.
from tho city-continue* in much the fame
quantity and character. Tho travellers’are fr
tho most part consumers, not workers, and it
seems ns if too many of them' could not leave*
for the Question ol so much broad for so much
work is likely to b-* a serious oao soon.
THE RELIEF WORK
has been so far ngulaU-d that ibodesniringpoor
are takmg thmr proper station ahead of tbo
,al*r«. trern pa|*l uf tioW
THE SITUATION
is one of promise—even m»ra so than two or
three days ago. Resident* of other cities who
have come to see a’city irf* ashes will do well to
hasten theirp.arney, or their outlook may be cut
off by structures rapidly ruing on the sites of
their.prcdecoMor#,
Work Among tbo Ruins.
Yesterday .the general, aspect of men and
Mags throughout the ojty looked brighter and
more hopeful than on any day since Iho fatal
hurricane swept over us. Already a change had
over. the spirit of that hideous dream.
Men were no longer to bo seen staring at the
Jo ■tupoi* of despair. A more man
ful spirit had taken pozsgssiwß of the people.
GANGS OP WORKMEN
were busy among the ruins at many point*
throughout the burnt district, sorting
ifionpg down fragments ot wall*," clearing off
rubbish, and preparing the way for new struc
tures. The Wen bide car# had again penetrated
as far a* the old terminus, and the familiar sight
of them imparted something liko
A A. CHEERFUL TONE
to the desolate, set-ne, aud softened its terror*
If anything 'could hare been' needed to show
Che indomitable pluck 6f the citizens, it was the
sight of that army of labours, iet Ung doggedly
to work among the enormous heaps of ruins
Already one dodld discern glimpses of the new
Chicago. Hero and there was sqcn some
KSTEBPRISINC PIIOTOOBAPHEn
with his apparatus, mounted on a pile of mb.
taking views. One of these artists, whoso
mirkJs lh!*°R Crgy f l u® c tizen great, ro-
Sfflu 8t r® »n a burry* to get ap
all bis i?Pno3. for U ho waitbd a feiyweeks looser
there would ho no trims JeftTop him to take.
“A HOPEFUL SYMPTOM
.W? 8 “Iready made toward the rebuild
jog of the city was to bo found in. the offices o!
Boy»nston,Van'o#dol, Burling,
and the other members of tbo craft are oil-local-
Tfti?*. l K 0 V® e ~nd arc harJ at trork on Plans.
,s ,De .rcasingfaat within the past
TLn f,?n?Tw a C pr°Oiiseß to keep on increasing.
Iho following items do not by any mean* em
-SJ«¥«W be buildingwork wfiich is 'Sow going
}bey ibay afford substantial evidence
tnat the restoration of Chicago has commenced
in earnest.
_ BUILDING 3 COMMENCED.
.Uo tho east side of River street, Mr. Lnflin.and
two gentlemen :trom Connecticut, have com
menced tho erection of*a'foQr«story brick build
ing, for six storos.
~P{i tbo opposite side of River street, Messrs,
u alter. Rogers Walker are putting up six
bnpk store#. The building is to bo in first-class
style, and superior to the old qqo oa tho same
At the corner ftf Wabash avenue and Lake
street, the cqnstruolion of a six-story marble
(rent building has been commenced by SJ. W,
McLormick, This also will l*e superior in stylo
to the old building on the same place.
Mr. Mutt. Laftin bos commenced a handsome
lour story building, at the corner of Wabash
avenue and Water street. It will contain
1 xf° i rt- ißcing on Wabash avenuo.
r Lnflm has also oi»mmcneod to build on
btate street, between Lake and Randolph, four
Dnck fronts, four.atoric? eaohj heavy buildings.
J! L a k<' «lrcet. near Vi'ella, a ij-fcct froot
brick building 13 commcnc-;d by Mr, Cobb,
1* 4j oJ, i n oD has received orders 'to set (0
Tr/tT fl A once ot l be plans for the reconstruction
of the Sherman House, which is to bo rebuilt in a
handsomer style than the old one, on tho same
At the corner of Dearborn nnd Washington
th?tav k oir D .ol 8 Sjjrt,
hott
m?/P;°» al,o v*-iV® beon o "tnmeneed for tho im
mediate rebuilding of the Boone Block and tho
the proprietors. Dr. Boom> and William Hans
brousli. oipcct to occur? Ihejr office, V«»y
gb°?^47.." SS'iJS*
afoct" 11 ,n l i 11,6 f« b «iWinc liarmon
S-uth Side, and erect thereon o buildine fa? tho
t iLTa. e S e .S“ l
leeted operation, irUl commaoce. b ,0
fato ercitiou 'flf 11 STciVni'i' 16
af^er°t C^kB o the°plnco a of flt^lcrSnXticir 8
tboir ins, by tbo Cro—aboa^-'flo'mi
>V' *,ll -*W«MIINO -BSBBQT.
♦o?il®» ObO7 S l a r ealew 01 tbo manrhaildicff on-
AlfthJ'fiJWh 1 MB ?f? adyir active progress.
4“ thr*-ujhjbe burnt districts, north and south,
the ßa d *j*J c^ 3 of .“turning,energy arc visi
ble. »V hero* biiiiness men ore unable to onm
“l®°°® l fh« bm dine solid itructqrea at’thia
season, they are erecting temporary wooden
warehouses, and these are rising, as if by magic
on every hand, V uiwgio,
DEABBOBK PABK
is being covered over with wooden buildings of
S*'h"f“*‘" U d aoi ,ha pac i
•_ I*** OLD BASE BALL CROWD
“P wnh similar structures. All
Park ff ß^V a iMi? 0 h t ’-M 0m M p aro ftreet “car to
A'aru irotno buildings for stores, of greater
afi/^pn^3l DltUll r a r re bcinff creot ed, and some
d, nea fini3ljcd Among the names
g^^sfirAK.s?s?.f f pSSis
SS Atom"”' Moore 4 Co -i Earner i
i—» Tn K voa Tn nmsioK
iV ar k 0 i ,u bcr f lor humble looking dwell
ings havo been built. Iho greatest number of'
these is around tho vicinity of the Franklin
School, nnd in the largo area between Wei a
street and the North Branch.
Gas for the South Division'
The extensive works of the Chicago Gas Light
and Coke Company, situated on tho east bank ot
tbe North Branch, near tbe Intersection of Elm
and Crosby streets, wore, fortunately, wholly un
injured by tho great fire, and to-day stand In
tact. The flames swept toward it from the south
and east, bat the presence of three steam fire
engines, and the fact that the river was oloso at
band, rendered it possible, by strenuous exer
tions, to save the properly, and -by this were
saved a large number of dwellings, stores, etc.,in
(he vicinity of Divsion street bridge.
THE NORTH SIDE WORKS,
which are auxiliary to those formerly situated
on Adams street, are among the moat complete
and extensivoin the world, having, of them
selves, a capacity sufficient to supply gas to tbe
entire oily. A twenty-inch mam connects the
two mammoth, gas-holders with the South Di
vision, passing under the river at Franklin
street, so that
THE SOUTH SIDE
i can be supplied as 3->on as tbe street service pipes
and connections in tho hart district can bo cut
off so as to prevent waste. This is a work of
some magnitude in tho South Division, as It in
volves the clearing away of debris at the curb
walls sin order to reach tho cut-off.
It is expected that this
can be accomplished by the first of next week,
but, should it bo donesooner, the arrangements
at the Gas Works arc so complete—fires being
continually kept lighted un*Ur the retorts—that
a full supply of gas can be manufactured and
issued upon six hours* notice.
The Water Supply.
Sisco our last visit to the Water Works, on
Sunday lost,'great progress h s been made in the
work of repairing the largo pumping engine,
which is to bo Chicago’s entire reliance, fora
long time to come, lor nn adequate supply of
pure lake water. The tores of
THREE HUNDRED MACHINISTS,
organized for that purpose, bare been steadily
eng-igcJ, night and day, in the careful inspection
and repair of the great engine, which was not so
much Injured by tho fiery ordeal through which
it passed bat thatit was possible to restore It in
all its parts. The accomplishment of this was
an undertaklbg of enormous difficulty, and tbe
restoration of the Chicago water supply deserves
to rank as one of tho most extraordinary event*
of the great fire. Last evening fires were lighted
under tho boilers, and a bead of
TITLES Vf COOK COtTXTY.
3(0 positive action has bsen taken on the ques-
I tion of titles, and iboro is an inclination to post*
Spno its consideration until the regular session,
’osty action is deprecated and it is considered
that thereis no danger of any man being
deprived of bis rights in the meantime, as there
are no courts in session, and it is not likly
there will be. The appointment of a committee
or commissioner trill probably be all that will
be done at this session, and a short delay, it is
believed.'will not hnrt the credit o. any roan.
There is on foot a movement to postpone
tho regular session from November 15
until tho first of December or
Janaary, which will bo opposed by the
farmers who have got through with their work
at home and wish to begin work hero so as to
got thrc.ngh early in the spring. There has been
no reason given toSsatisfy tho farmer*, except by
tbelav/yers who desire to attend court, and as
all live legislation necessary to meet the exigen
cies cgf the situation in Cook Connty cannot bo
done rat rhis session, a majority of its delegation
will bo in favor of holding its session at os early i
THE CITY rp BRIEF. a d«» u roMible.
STEAM WAS POT ON*
in order to thoroughly teat tbo
engine before setting it to work.
The engineer, Mr. Crcgicr, Mr. Locke, and
:ho whole corps of tireless men who bad toiled
to complete tbo work, stood around. It was an
anxious moment, and tbo faces of- those present
betokened the intensity oftho strain. The word
was glren. and at 8:37 o’clock tbo ma
chinery was sot In motion, the giant
wheel slowly revolted, and once more
tbo iron heart throbbed on Cbicaso
avenue, forcing tbo precious fluid from the lake
at each pulsation through toe monster arteries
iwny to tbo city limits. And now, once more,
Chicago breathes freely.
Yesterday’s Fires.
The alarm from Box No. 294 at a quarter after
2 o'clock yesterday morning, was occasioned by
fire in a barn in the rear of No. 53 Miller street.
Tho flames communicated to several adjacent
buildings, all of which were somewhat damaged.
The barn belonged to Pat Jennings, whose less
will be $400; no insurance. A barn in the roar
of No. 334 West Polk street, owned by John
McCarthy, was damaged S300; insured for S2OO
in the Merchants’. Another in the rear of No.
336, owned by Thomas Hurley, was damaged,
SSO: not insured. The cottage owned and oc
cupied by James Anderson, wns damaged SSO:
nsurcd f«r SGCO in tho Firemen’s. The
fire originated among a lot" of bay. and is sap
posed to have been started by an incendiary.
The report that the man who ignited it was ar
rested and shot and killed two men and made bis
escape is without foundation.
—Box No. 218 was earned in at 4:30 yesterday
morning, firo having been discovered in the two
story frame building No. 183 West Kinzio street.
It is owned by Mr. Morrell and occupied by Mrs.
Murray. Loss on building. S200: to occupant,
$500; not insured. Cause unknown.
The Public Schools.
At a mooting of the Board of Education, las*
evening, it wus»resoived to reopen the schools,
os far as possible, on Monday morning next.
Tho Superintendent reported that nil the
teacher-*, excepting about seventy-eight, bad,
in answer to notices in tho public journals, re
ported. and he fonnd Chat if the existing schools
oh kept open, all tho touchers, excepting those
who hare not voluntarily left, or who have made
no return, can bo continued in their employment,
lie presented a classified list of those who bad
reported, under four heads, showing—
1. Those who bavo lost clothing and homes. 76.
2. Those who bad and have families (parents
or children) dependent np>m thorn, 114.
3. Those who havo no depencie*. 106.
4. Those who bavo good bouses left. The
balance who bavo reported.
He also reported that quite a number of the
teaohersand principals bad offered to make room
for others-f their cla*s who are less favorably
situated than they. Of those who leave and are
willing to withdraw he reported there were. 151.
On the motion of Inspector Sbackford. to con
u m the action of the Committee on tho High
school in tendering tho possession of tho High
school buildings lor the temporary use of the
courts, a lengthened debate sprang up, the re
sult of which was that tbs board acquiesced in
the action of tho committee.
Personal.
Mr.J. H. Fitzpatrick, late staffs manager of
Dooley Aiken's theatre, left for Cincinnati lasi
night, to join the Wyndbam troupe, with which
bo toaue the greater share of his excellent Chi
cago reputation, lie promises to come again as
soon as there is a theatre In Chicago to play im
rjMr, J. W. Blaisdell, of the Boston Mosenm,
“d a former member ol the dramatic profession
or Chicago, arrived in this city on yesterday, on
a business errand. Mr. Biaisuell. wiih charac
teristic generosity, and at great expense and
trouble, brought with him bis celebrated nine
overcoat,” which he will donate to the
Relief Committee, to be sold by them ot auction,
the proceeds to bo devoted toward the purchasing
ola ‘square meal” for such needy sufferers as
the committee may designate.
Tho Halated Street Murder,
Coroner Stephens held an inquest, nn Mon
jlay. on the bodies of DanM O’Brien and Michael
ito ?ay. who were stabbed by. Urerroro P»ro.
cm tho 9th. in (be saloon on the corner of Van
unren and Hoisted streets. Tho juryreturned
verdict Jn accordance with the facts, which
have already been giren in The TninuvE. Pare
made bis escape alter tho affray, but was cap
tured, yesterday on the prairie, about a mile
from Austin, by Cjplam Tuttle abd' C: N. Ellis.
Uo is now m the Union Strict Station.
Miscellaneous,
A Clarence load of va’TinM- it,
tzv'vj?' ■a■&»?
•4o l»arcn street and Wabash avenue nn tho
SSSSS."Ir^J n 3houldbo
loeomoiifo on the Northwestern railroad track.
—The wife of Policeman Voelker was run over
Ti k ir W i? C 0 n at the corner<,f Fourth avenue
and Twelfth street, afternoon, and
nearby 7 DJared Sb taJte to her home
low of leather in the firo Is cati
d-ata})',ut u 9i,,C,00 V beini f onetfourth of the
stock in store here. Jt u staled that the dif
ferent and leather firms of the city have
agreed to unite ami erect ono hqildioa i o f Joint
occupancy fyrthi winter v 4 u wp joint
X,ake Front Meeting.
A meeting wu bold at tho house of Thomas
Horne, Esq., on Michigan avenue, last evening,
composed of citizens owning property on Mich
igan avenue, between Randolph street and Park
Row, to the propriety of sollipg a por
tion of the fropt to tho railroads entering
thecity.for the erection of a passenger depot,
to be used by them in common.
ru P rcer Wfl “Vld to tho chair, and
Cbauncoy Bowen elected Secretary
Mr. Hoyne stated the objects of tho meeting,
and read a communication from J. M, Walker,
for the Michigan Central and Chicago. Burling
ton Quincy Railroad*, and John Newell.
President of the Illinois Central, proposing to
pay faOO.OOQ for the throe blocks of
ground, bounded by Randolph street, Michigan
avenue, Monroe street and the lake shore, and
binding those, companies to erect a first-class
passenger station thereon, within a reasonable
time, and to allow all other Chicago railways to
come in on their tracker right of way on the
take shore, and qse the passedgerstation in com
mon.
Mr. Iloyno stated that this proposition hod
been,, at a previous consultation, referred to
commiltpe. conaistma ot Ohapncy Bowen.
p«t?« C a ira k ar^rxu? l< himself, who had made a
report the.eon. Iho report was road. It reeom
[mended tip acceptance of the proposition of the
T Vl” a certa l n restrictions as to the
width of M.ch.can avenue, After a Jenclhy dig-
SB I 'wviSYiSSiZ™*- wilhout
Governor Hoffman, and the Committo
of Seventy
Albany. Oct. I<—Governor Hoffman this
aitornoon received at tho Executive Chamber
the aub-Committeo of Seventy. and gavo n
hearing concerning the frauds In Now York
Ibo committee consisted of Judge Pierrepont.
J%\ j uu a A 'r T i ,s \Jl OY E. Solomon, Henry
J. Stobbins, John Wheeler. James L. Brown,
Hon. C. Barrett. Judge Pierrepont, Got. Solo
mon. end Judge Barrett, briefly addressed
the Governor reciting the frauds that had been
e an d 03kin C h«*a to qso hia power as
life. eC m! Tc arrest the abuses and protect
the Stale. They further asked that a military
that ma°T ,n readiness to quell any riot
Q c r n r r Hoffman, in reply to the committee.
I need nut afty that enylhiny I can“
V i n.wi? ,itter done. I do nat see that
mll1ta»J l fiXfi ,0n n wls for anythi save f.. r
mn!uVf%u Q S' m Pleto preparations will be
“3 Q I V hat R atur 13 not the plundering
n° r tle i$ mo t e, o»c by tho appoint-!
meat of Green as Deputy Comptroller? P
no J t a rc^r CPOnt V 3; bu lb is
Hoffman. I should think your com-
Thl 4 AiSSIi P r D ou t l ft mQ fiometniug specific.
A> lor s.°y Central is present to speak for
himself. lam sure that ho will d& »H that lies
in his power to aid your putnmitloe,
rr«enV r U r .at C ed mm tn lM i not
since ft.t he ?hen»ht° t Ge“-
J;{P 0 A i** 00 bhwer in tko matter, T n
a fk. the Attorney General to aoa^
Sci, Cljqs. O’Coaop th« tT‘ ytto hw coun- i
the New VoW bas I^l^usq o G?n of i
ihe Attorney General made a few remarks
ComiS?t?o a ”nf iDfi S eSS to co .*°Pcrato with the
t-pmumteo of Seventy in tbo interest
of good government. H.> stated further thathe
a t le v or w^ lo i they njight toko on
to ,N t o«t York, requesting Cfans.
G tQOQf tq apt as counsel witn him .for the
mieht boWtil
yi^'urmine'ieir oolol <,anYetanti lhoinler
The Elections;
Latest returns of the Pennsylvania election
Elaoo the Republican majority at 17,224* I"?
cgialaluro stand*: Senate—l 3 Republican** JJ>
Democrats; Houic—U4 Republicans.
Gratar Republican msjoriry on Joint ballot* oi.
In Ohio, by the latest ffgurinr. tbo Senate
st tnds; Senate—lß Republicans. 18Democrats}
HoU'ie—s9 Republican*, 46 Democrats; Republi
can majority on joint b;drot. 13*, _
In I*>irn. tbe Legislature stands thus: Senate
—4l Republicans, 1 Independent Republican. T
Democrats: House—SO li«*put>llcans. (3 or 4of
them “Independents.*'.) 21 Democrats.
—An Exhibition g-ime of Base Ball, was
ployed here to day between the Mutuals aod
Boston nine, toe latter winning by score of
15 to 8,
ILLINOIS LEGISLATURE.
Passaged tie Canal Lien Bill
by the House.
The Monej to be Expended In
Restoring the Public Build
ings of Chicago.
Bill to Revise the Assessment of
Taxes in Cook County.
Special Dc'rnteb to the Chicago Tribune.
THE CANAL BOND BILL PASSED.
The House posted, bv a vote ot 120 to 7 a bill
appropriating $2,955,340 in canal lien hood-*,
bearing 6 per cent interest, and payable in ton
year?. From one-fifth to one-third of the
amount is in be expended in repairing the public
buildings of Chicago, upon the original sites, as
decided by the Common Council.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Senator Fuller introduced a bill providing for
the purchase of tho County Insane Asy
lum by the State, and another relieving the
burnt district ef taxation.
Springfield, Oct. 17.—Tho members are
coming in by every train, and there is now more
than tw.*-thlrds of the Sonata and leav
ing a margin for any votes there may ho against
the canal bill. That there will be somo little
.opposition is almost certain, for when tbe
amendments were offend last night a few Does
were heard. Hardly any man will
face the current of sympathy, and
deny Cbicvjn the only succor thot can prove of
great service now, but every absent member
should be present, as in this instance as in tbe
case of all emergency bills, not to vote for tae
act is to vote against it.
..sc vim'Auu i«
Th o desire on the part of the outside members
to dm nil that enn bo done to assist Cook Coan ty
gives much encouragement to its representa
tives. To avoid any potty jealousies that might
avert or delay tbo e •nsummation of the end de
sires!, and to present a united and harmonious
force, it has been determined to call npon prom
neftt members from tho ountry to
introduce and advoc&to tho measures necessary
for tho relief of Chicago, and no Chicago mao
Is to consume tbo time of the House, or exhaust
its patience with speeches, except when called
upon to giro Information.
The following despatch was not forwarded last
night owing to thocrowdod state of the wires:
Messrs. Tinchor and Senior of the Senate, and
Messrs. Shaw, Short, Koerncr, Ros.»,nnd Barron
i the part of tho House, constitute tho joint com
mitioo to organize relief committees in every
tfounty and township in tho State.
Tho House mot at 10 a. m., the Speaker in the
I chair.
The Secretary of the Scnato reported the con
currence of that b >dy in the House resolution to
anuply tho Couk County Courts with law books,
&0.
revision of tax assessments.
Mr. Koerncr introduced a bill, of which the
allowing is tho principal section:
Section 1. That whenever in any incorporated
city in this Slate any property listed or assessed
for municipal taxation, shall have been, or shall
hereafter bo, destroyed by fire in whole or in
part, before tho levy of the municipal taxes ol
said city thereon, or before the municipal taxes
levied thereon shall have been collected, it shall
and may be lawful f-.r tho Mayor of such city,
tho City Comptroller, if there shall bo one, and
if not, then tho City Clerk and the Tax
Commissioner, if there should bo one,
if not then tho Chairman of the Finance
Committee of the City Council to rebate or re
mit so much of suoh tax or taxes so levied upon
such property ns in their opinion should bo re
bated or remitted, by reason of such property
having been in whole or in part destroyed by
firo.
Tbo second section is the emergency danse.
The bill wag read a first time, ordered to a
second reading and to be printed.
The Warehouse bill was read a second time,
and. on motion of Mr. Eagan, was referred to tbo
Committee on Warehouses.
THE CANAL LIEN BILL.
The Canal Lien bill, as reported back by the
committee, ia as follows:
Sec*. 1. Bo it enacted by the People of the State
of Illinois, represented in the Gener.il Assembly
That (be sum of $2,955,310 be and tbo same is
hereby appropriated, lor the purpose of re
lieving the lien as aforesaid, being the
principal expended and interest thereon;
which said sum is hereby refunded to
siitd city, and shall be paid to said city
os soon ns tbo said city shall execute and deliver
to the State of Illinois a proper release of said
lien, to the satisfaction of theGoverdor: and the
Auditor of the State, under the direction of the
Governor, Is directed to draw bis warrant for I
said sum of money, payable out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; i
Provided, however, the said warrants shall be
drawn—one-half oat of the tax levy of the pres
ent year, and the balance out of the
tax levy of the next year. Not
less than one-fifth, nor to exceed one-third hi
said sum so paid, shall be received by said hiiv
and bo applied in reconstructing tho lii-idzea
and the public buildings and structures destroy
ed by fire, upon the original sites thereof, as al
rendj* provided by tho common council and the
remainder thereoi (o ho uppliod to the payment
of Iho interest on tbo bonilod debt of such
city, and the mamtonanoe of the fire and
police departments thereof.
roaso of a Croat conflagration in
tho city orCbiengn, tbo public buildings, bridz
cs and other public Improvements have been to
de"t{°s’etU 5 e tU and tbo business of the courts is
suspended, whereby an emergency exists oa a
reason why this act shall take effect before the
firstdayot noxt; therefore.
«f£^b U U i r i he r That this net shall take
etreot and b.e m force from aod alter its passaze-
T s J J G 9 K jf Tlo J a VOR Tat; RELIEF OP CHICAGO.
ine loJluwma are suggestions for tho relief «f
Sih aß °i. ald luform lly bofore ‘bo Legislature
by the citizen’s committee: ■“"•‘mature
That tho lien of tb* city of Chicago upon
fP® »ts revenues he discharged, and
r im ur s e 4 th«» amount expended in
«86pemng the Cinal.aml interest thereon as
provided by the bill introduced by the Hon. Jas
f. lioot. with an amendment that Sl.OOO.OOflof
said snm be paid during the present fiscal year,
by Auditor's warrants on the State Treasury
and tbat a tax bo levied therefor. ThatSl.OOO.-
000 be paid out of tho proceeds of the tax levy of
J 1 1 waf* °9 d l he balance out of the
proceeds of the tallowing Qaoal year, and that
fl udltor draw b,a warrants therefor, and
that the money so acquired b« applied in crect
«mr bndges, water works, aod such other public
buddings aca structures os have been destroyed
2. TW
the Legislature annul the present
seesmeot fir city. town, uni county taxesi that
a now assessment and lery be authorised for tho
payment of the necessary expenses bfthesaic!
3ik. t tOWQ V an<i onaat v atJ d tho interest on their
debts, such assessment be made upon a new
va nation of ifca property llahlo to taxation
within said city and county,
♦k Legislature bo requested to provide
that the residence at tho voters shali not be lost
by reason of having boon driven from their resi
dence by sro, and that power be conferred upon
U s on lM t0 provi cio registries and
judges of election in precincts m which records
have been destroyed oy fire.
s.i;^5 a L th Le islatu i° bo re( iacsted to assume
temporary charge and expenses of- the City
Bnd-weil, Hoform Scho/il. Poor House, Insane
Asylum, and City
5. That |be pass, a joint resolu
tion, authorising tho Governor to designate
aevon persons to investigate and recommend to
the November session of this General Assembly
r a t 1ezi 3, V 10 9 wcecoasary to furnish evidence
of titles to lands in Cook County.
6. That the Auditordraw his warrants on the
Treasury for two hundred and fifty thousand
,Q tim l’ deliver the same
to the pity of Cnicago, to be applied to tho future
the city
Telegraphic Brevities,
Governor Baldwin, of Michigan, has issued a
strong proclamation calling on the people o i
alicbman to furnish immediate relief to Cbo suf
orßS? t* lo rccolJ t disastrous fires.
—fho aubscridtioas to 3he Chicago Relief fund
received at the Mansion House. Landau, up to
ul.nday night. amounted to £23.600 A com
umteo of the American residents of London is
also receiving subscriptions, and hns mode ar
rangements far thoimmediate dospnth of manor
contributed. At a meeting at Bradford
£>,ooo were received: ut Dublin, £1,200r at Wol
rerbnmnton and Glasgow. £I.OOO each
~~4U Jc 'P atch 'rom Gloucester, Mara,, stains
that there is great excitement there, A fair days
since the schooner E. A. Horton tatln from
the harbor of Gnysboro, Nora Scotia, by a party
of men who are believed to haro beei soSt for
tho purpose from Gloucester, and that the v.‘s,e!
now due at that port. It is now said a British
gunboat has been sent in search of tho schooner
and arnved at Capa Ann yesterday, with tho in
lantion ol recapturing and taking her hnoVlo
Nora Sadia. A telegram to the Charles-own
Nary Yard resulted iq tho sending „f
an American gunboat tu Gloucester, which
after taxing several United Stales official! and
the owners of the schooner on hoard. starlSd
•Monday pruning on a cruiso to prevent ih.
schooner being molested br tho British rosc.l in
American waters. Several officials w
of Gloucester have gone to i?)tton t* Aul 140DS
u, 0 ,i? .h hl oh cr,l L"‘ 1 every rood tho
ta T\,i^v lrai v “ade l>meat every station. 0
¥ork Tima states that ih- r
has leaked out that the laborers on ft? 1
parks and boulevards are u P ubll
military drill for ftOy emer --?i n f a CoQrd of
to the eomln» eV’O'.ift- arise
knotvn^tninvof X* 1 P°l ,00 oowever.
1 i u .,A movement is on foot that
-jasa moc.iDc of citizens may bo held at the
Cooper Institute to makn any arrangements for
•i general suspension «f business for one day,
and a.parade of fire thousand citizens, Trn-» shall
watt upon Mayor Hall and demand proper safe
guards for the purity‘of the election in Novem
ber.
—A match has been arranged between Ameri
can Girl and (bo gelding Judg«*-Fullerton Tor
52.000, mile beats, at Fleetwood l ark, within a
f-rtnight.
—Tho North American Insurance Company
yesterday made an ossismnent to William C.
Hastings. Tne Probate Court has appointed the
21at instant for a bearing upon tho acceptance
of tbo trustee.
—Mrs.Sozuln. wbilo performinu in Parepa's
troupe, on Monday mgUt. was taken with par
oxysms of Brief and removed tober hotel, in coo
aequenoen/ the announcement that herdaugb
ter, Mrs. jrodaham, was killed at tho Chicago
Tao Masonic Grand Lodge, in sewinn in T
W II?. gave SI,OOO tu the suffers tho^k D s
and other Northwestern fires. GoV. o rten«
‘“““'i Proclamation. cr’.iinV Sn tho
ourpMc*/ Wnck3r ">“W»-uto rSf tho same
chtiep!i C h s fr om Consta ntinop?o slate that the
eltv v, a *u ,n t aUa aQ aPPearanoo In that
died f?« l in 8 t a hiv Urb; *i ,wo 4”y» sixty persons
li«hm®n m tb ep,(iotmc len °f whom were U g-
A despatch from Corinth, Miss., reports the
arrest of lire|Ku«lviQx in Tishomingo Comity
with complete di-guisos. It is belicrcd that the
entire gang will be captarcd. They shot a white
mao and woman two weeks ago, injuring them
seriously.
r “iouproa safesbaro nmredtn Philadelphia
from Chicago, consigned to tho United Stat*«
mint, supposed to contain bullion melted in the
Th» monthly report °t tbo Acncaltarnl Boren.,
s«j;» that in lao cotton reports of October
uniatproreiX nTOrnso of Seplembor is snstnir i
no States, bring for tit, tot ffcok ot O«obc r
75 against 80 per cont in September The n-
J e P o ted »ro from rust, shedding if balls
f. r*'n ure y ia lh' northern lati
tud a, floods in i.onda and G orgia and ba’.i j>ml
army worn in portions of Mi-susipni or.rUhe
is nat*TM‘V« n Tho iosi in tb-«o sreli-ns
is not very s.-noai or general. The droughtoa-
B7rr«f n °t r i‘ n 3 fDr 1 r oi ti r 5 lban ,BT other'emse.
85» TOO htS? 1 J°* I 1 8 c *>ll not exefed
»tiU A the!n tr n K Cll, l n ot tbo ci{ y Chicago
gloriously. The MunhUf i, seop5 eopl respond
£■100: Dublin. £1.500: Hanley.
S* OCO*in.f d f r° r Th nrtlf!<i b "“liffigT
or x-,jio. and a further contribution is bain*
,Uv ti fV» A M me tIDK w bold ia Sheffield v^ter?
2?uli? j layo r resldin P. at which £2/00 wl*
collected in n few minutes. w WA S
~Tbo Chicago relief Baltimore sabscriotlnn »t
dato ia sl9i.«X): Boston. M 03.000. Literal £ri?
“M b ,lIE mado for Michigan and
I?™°- X. Y..Sm:«O: Catora
employes ot the Boston Xavy
iard. r3.633. Tho Executive Conmutaa ol ih«
Tork Chamber of Commerce raiiaf v,,
asked the Goueral Committee for power to naVa
portion ol tbe donation for th- soW.r™
Michigan and Wiscodsin. 3a rer3 m
—An iujancijun has been granted in c„
pcorne Court at the iostanco of thl
York anrill J l ii'3 r c l c °“W"r. of x”
Receiver J Uodcß3 ba3 bcea appointed
tLfl’Vr 1 fnm nearly every Stats will attend
taoXuimaeo Convention, in Now Vokk. t*
A ,on Wll Probably be taken which wi..
companies. 11 fffedt m a ur2 the strain upon tho
—lion. n. R. Hurlbard, Comptroller ofOr
rency, telegraphed Secretary Boutwell from Cai.
0^ y€3t i er^M y bat Chicago banks ar« au
aonmi ami mil pay every dollar on demand
Aows from tho Mexican capitol, of a la'a
date, isi to the effect that Juarez hat been re
elected President ot Iho Rspubltc by Concent
receiving 103 votes-ali that was oast. The on
position abstained fr-m voting
-Tee shoddy swindler Murphy, who is a part
d ,n? T'r! b l Bf T i» real estate spccuU
mms. and Collector of Customs in the city of
S?dth! r p- b T in bi3 resignation. It i
tha d t ‘it W .?n“ nt bc3,tato3 to accept it. marine
••rh.'t woul| i aPPaar that ho had yielded to
the cltmor ..f the TriJinte.”
F-ro.t.i 3 fz Bt rom 3 3; “Ior front tho schoonsr
Exoelst r of hno. was picked up off Southam*
ton, Unt., yesterday, floatmc on a part of tha
cabin of tho fxeelsior. Several of thecr uw
on Plants, but th’
boat that was sent out could no?
rescuo them, and their faro is not known. Tho
vessel sank between Thunder Bay and Middle
Island. She lelt Milwaukee on tho Sth inslaS*
Wmn l!S. d h r f d °f n ‘v h' l l h3d a enreo ot
All tho crow are bo-
P’vsboJ* except Lustrum
..—Tan Security Insurance Company, y
iork. hns_ suspended, nnd A. V. Uastionig.
been appointed receiver. 1 13 1 033C3 o ™!.Tj
million and a half. Tho Lorillard Co. hS di£
continued business, and will hold a mco'imr tT
lu Le°„ W vvlS«! aer bo rtSr
to 0 0 I) C-| r rg i o l 'p\ 3 r ’:fr’ nr
tor lfoffhl Cbo t 0 e i r F cu)ion from P i)nlm6,
ash Sonday l'asr Crow
it;^ d i’.n?Sdf j: ri j c r c s^° a h 5° m a 3i
to the Chicago calamity Mr Catt?n“i, “3
on business, but ho wi.V in a day oV'nio
Discussion on tho opinion of tho Attorney G. -b' 1
SSiSKV^JISI 0 n, PMa d
—A meeting uf leading Kew Yorkfiiw r
S?™ lost night for the pn'r'Joso
p i lh berman e! enisntinlo ono organic
uon. A commitleo inclvding many nroSSI
Germans wasoppuinted to confer with tbo rcVc rr
Tammany/° r af aa J
_-iT Ch a rle3 t- D rl) a a ynnng lawyer of v
T abut himself (hrongh tha head
b cdsi(i8 u of bis sick wife, on be.
rii ETf rf- l .bat she could not recc re
.X^Tv, lfli a fe minutes alter, 6
4f-Tbe schooner C. Winalow was struck bv tl
galo ol bandar, off Capo Beeie,. aid “pal ze
Tho crow wore sived.bnt tho wife “f l"
drownod* pa33ca !r two daughters, i .re.
South Carolina Hu-lUixn— Prcalrter, tin
Proclamation.
u™ A ?niNCTOy -’9 ct K:-Tbe President's p ro’
lamaiion, to-night, reciting that whereas iS i.
gents engaged in unlawful combinations wi: I
the counties of >partanaburg, Marion, Ches I*
iQS rl «»^ewbe rr y. Fairfield. Lancas t
and C.iesterfiold, m the State of South Corol uia
lSn5 «f}' Sp i"S Jln j ob ,!(J i ei,M t( tho pro Cla
motion of trie 12th, and given up their arms dia
guises. Ac., now, therefore, t*j jaje s S. Gr an
hHli? 8 6 °f tbo t. States «f Amisrictv
hereby declare that, in my judgment, the pa b
fhl Ks?£r* ,B i ljr re,airM l hat tbo Privilege s
tho writ of habeas corpus bo suspended in. i ja
?hT« D i re r C K 6 V? arrested
b Q f. l ha United States for said i j
c ict, or any of hu deputies, or by any mini 2.
officer of the Unitod States, or by any soldii
citizen acting under their orders.
Comparative Statement or V
tlou of the 3lerchauts *-»rr
Banlc at the close or BaslnMr
7 and Oct. 17, 1871. arc:*.'
LUBIUllts.
Capital slock S 8 'i'-
Surplusfaod 430.000.00 JSO
Profit and loss .53 252.12 38
Circalation outstundia# 387|(W0.UU 387"
Individual deposits and
certified checks,....., 4°S OS.TJ7 rj^
Duo banks aad hankers. 424.593.4*5 449*
$‘2,247,929.05 $2,291,:
I, BESauaCES.
Loans and ducouni9.~-51.04y.201.99 $1,003
Current expanses and
v 12,375.31 12.->
burnlluro and fixtures-* 5.440.35 5,H o
Kcvonuo stamps 1.523.55 ir* jvor
United Stales bonds 450,000.00 450$ WOU
Due from approved as
sociations in Now Y’k 375,150.08 303 IS -V
Dn.ingoW 1.61D.3G 162
Duo from other banks
C& b^ a IS rM
clearing
house...
Currency
Gold
53.T93.5t G0,07 it,.
Thoabov cement L
my KUnwJo-Jgo and bohoi,
Ozu 17,1871. C. B. Blaib. Presidco t.
Markets by
New York, Oct. 17.
bankers' bills. 10S3<*.
Government!:
Coop-mu, 'SI..
5-20s, 'G2
5-20?, 'O4
5- 20s, '65
5-20?. new....
State builds:
Tonn°» Ur 3 V*i Virffintos, now
T!n«!! SeM o,d N Carolina?. old..
Stacks closed;
n TT ol k-;v N. J. c....
W. U. T. to ooJj St. Paul
Quiokiilrer. 16 Do pfj.... _
Mariposa.... 1 Wabash
Mariposa pld V.i Do pf.l si
;y ;i n3 Express Fort Wayne _ 95-
WoHs i Fargo’S OI nl Terra Haute .(A
Pacific Mai|. ._ 4112 Do pfd 1
New iork Central B®| O. A
g°. '"'P -82 Do pfd ,'il
Eiie.... 27 O. i M
8° P fd -.,5954 C. O. 0 8
gei'em 120}fi B. i- Q 'i^
5° P d 122 Lake Shore 5?
UO« lad. Central iS
Mioh Cent ..11-IJfi I'Unois Cent ...111
Union Pacific...— 21^
riorth western 5314 Cent. P«c. boatli ...1W- 3
P»u.. 85 Union... -y
Rock Island 95J6
Nashville. Oct. 17.—Cotton*—St' i«d7 with a
moderate demand; low middling, IP.e WK
Bekamtcff3—Flour firm; pr ft nn
CrS^al.^. ttS.
.Id^^fSTar^r,:!^ I 'SSfc
surer cured. fiS?. 4, IS^
10J2C. Snou.dcr^roi^^it.fe
Breadstuff^—Flour dull
changed. Tao receipts wero*lß 0M i hp| Cea 5 r
flour ami eornmeal unchanged, v/h b s
SrtabM closed dull; scarf„i V i °P«
91'Mk*i exports receipts 15 f ht r?0
sl.as;Nn. 2 do, 81-5001.5;. spr
51.5551.60: amber, Slfl^Tw“ft? VaafS
Rye quiet. BarluT-2Tr.lfcls* 1 'JUm-SI-k
Western, 70>37Se. AUi t i"-!?'pJ°* c
drooping. Receipts firnnohL 61 or *_
store! 76c: afio“»:^ l^ l S Y«UfB a.
IK? a.v» Hops-Unebansad.
fi/niMb ir to^iaod o oi-Va9^° EB n' aflr
»Ko. Mol.sscMfhaSSfd. ■t^sjoE-'i l 93
Wsmt-CBdo, iiau&TiSf-
...116J.4 5-20s, ’67 j i*v
114?| o-a.'3 ’6S_ i i'> 7*
-]\s 10-40 i
"lIJ'S Curronc y s *»w ~J I1;S
5S5.£™ r w "j* a
Kod C M£. S g LaVd V JJ S S
“■'“•SS9M.: k/ltlTdS. ri
kcr.OJic: January. S&: ll J ‘orea-
Wndtcra, 10320 c: Btl .to, I.
Chee3E—Hoary at llfalSc.
Foreign Market#*
LOKDOS, Oct. 17 4 •'tft n 1
mono,;: 02J6 on M^uot. P usu7a J i n,ob i for
T^rpinHao 1 .'43j1 oi°l' T vs??2 r to .Vs*.
tbuidiin# unipnj n£fi. .-•VWj q aiot;
sales. 10,000 bale* auecnVr 111 1 10Rr Oceana I0J;
a Q*iarla*roo, 9 x \£d. at Sav* onaii
dayS'S&* .ri'Sif'2o"o(S hoat throo
DJ. Wl OW .«,Sjf i a e a f i o "W|«. Con C3j
TO -lapzamsay.
■Homom,. IVo hope to find .p.». feu*
Thursday a Tbipcxe. Ar thl,m ia
mark:
I)AVIS-IIUMl’ll:IY-A, u-
J.ih (if OcI„ by Key. E. 31 f aii üb.. on Ilia
Daelj urubicayo, bookteeeer st *"lcy
l«seiCe., t u 3liss3l«ry nf E.
KVEKITT.SOUTI[«;oRTa“ 0r
JJ/VK l-ouel, o„ Sn„ d t t l '!j», r <»lJ«nco ..r
ur. Joe«nh n r» 1 Is *h hist., by m.y
£»t»ritt to Mls» Carrie JT”
tcih in«t., by tb(. R(*y
pftv of frtMiJSSf gK?¥Si£ 0 ?«wi».u®S:
,ti £,r To unrest il.aiichter of*\V J Eliz l l
died.
ttVlie. anil ij Illy! f K nJ a P
y^LlnZlV' 2 A* l n nany..„.
loaxana rein ul H“n £i"lSS2™ l,, »>o«. tterji
Jennie Soenin tl.edrfS? 1 ?”?"-moDlh'-,n.l B
ro'iabatu, it t b l lor J wife 0 f B.
iork. UlCaffu •“©‘l/ forward*! tc. S&
Dspi rs pli-WaVopy! St L aii anJ ■Madison, Wii.,
October 7, Joseph
•i prominent cliizeiforViin nui T ,,8 d c lSt,i Wjd
respected. of ttJQ place, ana was ur.irer**Ur
lSl L SAS Jar October 13. WiUOT' I
business CAXDS.
Vose, Oiiiamore Co.,
MnniiraeturuM 0 f
OAit srttlNQi.
Art at tie dtato-it, h'reib stock arming^
r
xl
Telegraph.
-Sterling exchange
3S
20
1 \oa
2®i3