Hocal an* 3tate Netos.
Farmers ray -now “Vou can’t buy good
apples for less than four dollars a barrel.”
On Monday, while Mr. E. 15. Williams of
this city was repairing his'shed, he fell and
sprained his shoulder.
Mr. .J. W. I’hinney is canvassing the city
for the fruit trees raised by the Chase Broth
ers in their nursery, Uochester, N. Y.
The Court drags its slow length along.
The wheels of the car of justice move slowly
but surely.
The condition of the reliable insurance
companies represented at the agency of Benj.
Davis Co., in this city, is shown in our
advertising columns.
A town corporation has offered one dollar
reward for the head of every woodchuck.
There is no doubt that the boys this way wood
chuckle over such an afTer.
Some of the concert and minstrel troupes
that have travelled through the state the past
season, have found, to their sorrow, that there
are “ups and downs” even in their line of
business.
People should be careful in the application
of acids. A young lady with golden tresses
fainted the other night, and an alarmed friend
bathed her forehead with vinegar, and in the
most expeditious manner bathed all the gold
en color out of her friend’s front hair.
Kev. Enoch Pond, D. I)., Professor in the
Theological Seminary at Bangor, has written
a work showing the import and application of
the symbols of the Kevelalion of St. John,
entitled, “The Seals Opened, or the Apo
calypse Explained.” The book is published
by Hoyt, Fogg Breed of Portland, of whom
copies may be obtained.
Samuel Littlefield, a workman on the Mel
ville ledge near this city, had a stone fall up
on bis legs the other day, injuring them seri
ously. It was found impossible for nine men
to lift the stone, and a derrick had to be put
in requisition before removing it. It is hoped
that amputation of the limbs will not he
necessary.
Teii new houses will be built on Western
avenue the next season. This fact shows the
growth and prosperity of the city.-Ml.
Wm. K. Lancey has purchased the business
of Mr. Andrew II. Ward, grocer, on Water
street. We understand that Mr. Ward will
go into business in Boston.-Mr. Sumner
Barton is making an addition to his residence
on the east side of the river.
The grand opening of winter styles of mil
linery will take place to-day and to-morrow
at the rooms of Misses Sager White, cor
ner of Bridge and Water streets, over Hamlen
Philbrook’s. The ladies will all be attract
ed by the wiater novelties in the milliner's
art put on exhibition by these well known and
fashionable milliners. Their attractive rooms
will doubtless be thronged on the occasion of
the winter opening.
At the last.meeting of Sabattus Lodge, I.
ofG. T., in this city, the following members
were unanimously elected as officers for the
ensuing quarter:—W. C. T., David Cargill;
W. V. T., Annie Boynton; W. S., O. M.
Moore; Chap., Sister llockwood; W. F. S.,
R. M. Mansur; W. T., Sister Lothron; W.
M., James Young; W. 1. G., Sister Cum
mings; W. O. G., II. F. Rockwood. Their
instalation occurs next Tuesday evening, and
a full attendance is requested.
The following will be the order of exercises
at the Sunday school institute in llallowell
to-day Forenoon—8 to 8.30, devotional tor
parents; 8.30 to 10, Sunday school work, by
Rev. K. M. Haynes of Lewiston 10 to 11.30,
Bible Truth, by Rev. A. L. Gerrish of Pitts
field question box. Afternoon—3 to 3.30,
devotional for scholars; 3.30 to 3.30, Object
Lessons, by Rev. O. M. Cousens of Hallo
well 3.30 to 4, closing exercises of five
minutes each.
The Metropolitan Theatre, under the man
agement of Messrs. Myers Huntley, will
open at Granite Hall on this, Thursday, even
ing, for three nights only. Miss Fannie Her
ring, the eastern favorite, will appear in sev
eral characters, and Mr. F. A. Muller, the
renowned solo violinist, will take part in the
performances each evening. The press in
other cities speak in the most flattering terms
of this company, and they have met with an
enthusiastic reception wherever they have
given performances. This company recently
gave a benefit to the Chicago sufferers. The
Brunswick Telegraph says of their perform
ances in that town;
“The company which performed at Lemont
Hall, on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings,
was one of the best we ever had here, and
certainly the orchestra which accompanied it
was unquestionably superior to any which
usually attends those travelling companies.
The solo on the violiu was very tastefully
rendered.”
Sunday School Institute Tor Kennebec (ount).
Agreeably to call many of the teachers and
other friends of Sunday schools met at the
Baptist church in llallowell, yesterday morn
ing at 10 o’clock. The meeting was called to
order by A. Baker of Gardiner, and after
singing, select portions of scripture were read
and prayer offered by ltev. Dr. Kicker of
Augusta,
C. M. Bailey of Wlnthrop, was elected
President, and D. Cargill of Augusta, Sec
retary. Tho following Vice Presidents were
chosen: llenry Woodward, M. W. Farr, C.
F. Penney, A. K. Sylvester, David Douglass,
G. M. Webb.
Keport of work in the county was made by
the Secretary, D. Cargill. Circulars had
been sent to all the schools; reports had been
received but from 35. Kvidences satisfied
the Secretary that the interest in the Sunday
school work was never so good as at present.
There is an increased interest among tho
poorer classes. Seventy-one conversions are
reported in the returns.
A. Baker, from tho executive committee,
reported that tho county had been districted
for holding conventions. These have been
ns follows: In Litchfield 3, Pittston 2, Mon
mouth, 1, Belgrade 1, Winslow 1. In several
of these, influences have availed to prevent
the closing of the schools in the fall. In
view of the peculiar wants of the Sunday
school work, and that no less than the entire
time anil abilities of a live nmn is needed for
promoting this work, it was recommended
that the consideration of a proposition to this
effect be referred to a special committee.
Reports from conventions were made by
liev. J. Dinsmore of Winslow, and E. K.
Drummond of Waterville, showing good or
ganization, in some cases several towns unit
ing.
Several interesting instances were men
tioned of persons employed as teachers, and
this very fact leading to their conversion.
Adjourned to afternoon.
Afternoon.
The afternoon exercises commenced with
devotional for schools, led by Rev. Mr. Syl
vester of Winthrop.
Messrs. Baker, Crane, anil Owen were ap
pointed committee on nominations.
Rev. Charles Munger of Alfred, addressed
the institute on the subject of Bible history.
Thought the great fault in the study of the
bible, was that it is studied in isolated scraps
without any reference to dates. Our teaching
has been mainly on the moral questions, and
we have hardly been able to study it as a his
tory. The blackboard was used in illustrat
ing the address. Tables were arranged and
explained showing the great waymarks of bi
ble history and enabling the student to re
member events from the men who were the
the central figures in these events. Throw
out bible history and you have no connected
history of the world for 15,100 years.
Rev. Mr. Cousens of Ilallowell, took up the
subject of “Object Lessons.” designed more
especially for children in the Sunday school.
Christ lifted up on the cross, to draw all men
unto him the power of the love of God the
triumph of Christ over the enemy of souls
the marring of the character by sin, and the
increase of the same; all these things were
taught by objects presented.
Illustrative Teaching was next taken up by
Rev. W. Woodbury of Skowhegan. Every
teacher, he said, should have a blackboard,
and use it in his class. lie gave some very
interesting examples of his theory on the
blackboard.
The nominating committee reported the fol
lowing committees, which were accepted.
On Resolutions—Rev. Messrs. McCully
Heath, Herring.
On Finance—Messrs. Raker of Gardiner,
Kilbretli of Manchester, Hailey of Winthrop,
Webb of Albion, Drummond of Waterville,
Fowles of Hallowell.
The ever interesting question box was open
ed and questions relating to the Sunday
school answered until the adjournment.
Supreme Judicial Court. Illrkrrson Judge.
Wednesday, Nov. 1. In the action No.
2m4, Smith ts. Merrill, on trial yesterday, the
jury returned a verdict for the ptf. fur Silo.00.
Divorce from the bonds of matrimony was
decreed to Mary E. Whet lock of Windsor, the
husband being charged with intemperance,
associating with bad women, cruel and abu
sive treatment and neglect to maintain. The
care ami custody of two minor children were
given to tile mother. _ E. W. Whitehonse for
the libelant.
There was no action ready for trial in the
forenoon. In the afternoon took up No. 30m
Joseph Ilelangcr vs I.ouis Belanger. Foster
for ptf. Stevens for deft The parties are
Canadian French, and their testimony was
given through an interpreter. The deft, who
speaks English a little got a chance for the
ptf. to work for the Dunn Edge Tool Com
pany Ht West Waterville, and told the ptf.
the Company wire t pay him $10 a month,
and the deft, collected and paid him that
amount for one year. Afterwards the ptf.
found out that the deft, has received 15 dol
lars instead of $10 a month, ami sues the deft,
for the difference, amounting to sixty dollars.
After getting out the testimony the case was
submitted without argument under the charge
of the Judge. Verdict for defendant.
The most unhappy person is the Dyspeptic.
Everything looks dark and gloomy; lie feels
“out of sorts” with himself and everybody
else. I.ife is a burden to him. This can be
changed bytaking Peruvian Syrup (a protox
ide of Iron). Cases of 27 years’ standing
have been cured hv it. lw+iw
JHarrieu.
In Bridgton, 24th nil.. tieorjje W. Granville to
Mi** Kllon M. Shaw both of Bridgton.
In tireen, 18th ult.. Oliver II. Burrell of E:i*t
Cambridge. Mas*, to Mis* S. Gertrude Eaton.
In New Bedford, 2«Uh ult., Charles W. Taylor ol
Bouton, to Mi** Mary J. Lewi* of New Bedford
In Orono, 2.‘>th ult.. Beamier U. Young to Mi**
Fannie Cushing, both of Orono.
Dim.

At Katandin Iron Work*, 2*>th ult., Alfred E.,*on
of Elijah B. and Cordelia W. Quiinby, aged IS mo*.,
10 dav*.
In Eddington. r»th ult., Mr*. Abagail Plummer,
widow of the late Andrew Plummer, and one of the
iirst settler* of Eddington, aged Jhi years, f> mo*.
List of Letters
REMAINING unclaimed ill the Post Office, t
Augusta, Maine, Nov. 1,1871.
Gkntli:\ikn.
Cook, W II Russell, It C
Emery, Joseph Smith, Chas L
Grover, Edward L Smith, Chas E (rdioedeal
Holland. J G (2) or.)
James, Kdsou Sevey, Rev II It
Jollion F Sturtevant, John
Miller, J I> stanurdo, S
Morris, M G Trask, Alvin
Mayson, Royal Williams, Frank
Mans Held. W II Wheeler, G W
Nason, Dwight K Ware, G W (4)
Nelson, J It Young, Arnini V
Owen, Frank A
Ladies.
Angus, Mrs Mary Lyon, Mrs Sophia C
Bailey, Miss Etta Perkins, Miss Mfliie C
Bedel, Phebe L ltoundv, Mrs Allied
Billings, Mrs F A Smith,* Annie M
Darling, Giltnan 3 Strout, Dollie C
Hawes, Ellen Vanduren,“ A M
llill, Jane Wright Hattie
Loring, D W
Persons calling for the above letters will please
sav they are advertised.
If not called for in one month they will be sent t<>
the Dead Letter office.
HORACE II. IIAMLEN, P. M.
Notice to Teachers.
ri>IIP Superintending School Committee of An
1 gubta will be in session at the
Council Chamber, thauite Building,
Wednesday, Nov. 8th, at 2 o’clock P. M., and each
succeeding Wednesday for three weeks, for the
purpose of examining teachers for the winter
schools.
C. F. PENNEY, Supt. School
DAVID CARGILL, Committee
GEO. E. WEEKS, ?of Augusta.
Augusta, Oct. 2'», 1871.
oct2f» w2wtlw
EXCELLENT BARGAINS!
A cottage house of seven rooms, and lot.
Several due building lots.
Terms easy. Apply to
E. \V. WHITEIIOUSE.
Olllce: Freemans Bank Building,
sepSf Augusta, Marne,
GRANITE HALL.
i. C. Mjer, A J. II. Iluntlf), Managers.
Throo Nights Only
iVucl Ono lUCatiiioo.
Engagement of
Funny Herring;,
TIIE I’ET OF THE PEBLIC ami the STAB OF
Till*; EAST. Supported by the Metropolitan Thea
tre Company. Also
F. A. MULLER,
The renowned solo violinist. Full Brass Band
Orchestra.
Thursday Evening, November 2d, 1871.
The Great Sensation Drama entitled,
THE LITTLE DECTECTIVE,
Or Two Loves and A Life. MISS HERRING m
(0) six distinct characters.
Prices as t'sual.
Tickets for sale now at J. F. Pierce’s Book Store.
Saturday Afternoon at 2 1-2 o'clock.
GRAND MATINEE.
i‘rices re*luced. 11. \V. M A V N A kD, Agefit.
oct28*t7t
ItEUABIJ']
FIRE INSURANCE
EFFECTED IN
Sound Companies!
After paying all Liabilities by the Chicago fire,
these Companies stand as follows,
HARTFORD
OF HARTFORD,
81*50 O ,000.00
RHCENIX
oi' ii axitpoud,
$1,100,000.00.
INS. CO. OF N. AMERICA,
$2,547,300.00.
FRANKLIN,
82,768,918.39.
N T I O X A. L
8500,000.00.
OF LIVERPOOL AND LONDON,
810,000,000.00.
BENJ. DAVIS CO., Agents,
Water Street, nearly opposite Post Office,
novl-tlm AUGUSTA.
LAST NOTICE.
Secure Your Christinas And
Yen Year Gifts.
$1,00 0, 000$
Rv the authority of the act ol the Legislature of 1
Kentucky, of March 1H, 1871, the Trustees of the I
Public Library of Kentucky, will give a
GK4\D GIFT COXCERT,
AT LOUISVILLE, KY.,
Saturday, December 1(5, 1871.
100,000 TICKETS OF ADMISSION, $10 EACH
IKK EM Y; HALE TICKETS, QUARTER
TICKET‘S $2.50.
Tickets will be sent by registered letter; the
mom y lor them may he sent by P. O. money order,
greenbacks, or draft.
Each ticket consists of four quarters, value $2 50
each. The holder 1- entitled to admission to the
Concert, and to the value of the gift awarded to it
or it- fraction.
$550,000 I\ GHKIlATtACKS will be dis
tributed to holders of ticket.-, in gilts ot from $luo.»
iKHi.the highest, to $100, the lowest, being 721 gilts in
all.
The Concert is for the benefit of the
Public Library of Kentucky,
Tin: CITIZENS, BANK of KV. IS THEASI UEH.
and the Corporators and supervisors are the lion,
Thomas E. lirnnilette, late Governor ol Kentucky,
and twenty-seven of the most distinguished and re
spectable citizens of the Mate.
The undersigned, late principal business manager
of the very success!uI Gift Concert tor the benefit
»t the Mercantile l.ibrary at sail Francisco, has
been appointed Agent and Manager of this Grand
Gilt Concert.
The urawing and distribution will take place in
public, amt everything will be done to satisfy the
buyers of tickets that their interests will be as'well
protected as if they were personally present to su
perintend the entire affair.
For tickets and information apply to
C. K. PETERS, 110 Main sr ,'Louisvttlo, Ky.,
No. 8 Astor House, New Y ork.
II. N. llempsted, No. 410 ltroadwuy,
Milwaukee, Wis.
M. A. French, Virginia City, Nevada.
M. A. Wo f, No. HIHClie.-tnutStreet. St. Louis.
Tickets also for sale in every prominent place in
tbeC.S.
Owing to the general derangement of mails and
advertisements consequent on the disastrous con
ilagrations in the West, the sale of tickets in this en
terprise is extended to Nov. HO, ls71, at which time
the main office, 120 Main street, Louisville, Ky
will close for adju-tment ofaceounts and business.
No orders except by mail will l»e received after
Dee. 1st, and no orders by mail will be filled after
Dec. 10th; the New York office will close Dec. 10th;
ther agencies Dec. 5th. Every ticket unsold
Dec 14th will be cancelled by its number.
The drawing will take place in public, Dec. loth,
1*71, commencing at 7 a. in., and continue until the
721 gilt-i are awarded. Payment of awards will
commence Dee. 19, at 9 o’clock a. in. Circulars of
awards w ill be found at every agency as soon as
they can be issued correctly, and w ill also be sent
to all ticket buyers as soon* as possible. No order
will be filled at main office for less than $10.
ill AS. It. PUT nits, Manager,
novl-teodlm
MOSES M. SWAN,
Watchmaker and Jeweller,
h
a
x
H e
te
M
H

i$ is
ss i>
■A M

o n
as
His Stock embraces a fine line ot
American and Swiss Watches,
n gold and silver case, including the celebrated
National or Elgin Watch, Waltlmm, Tremout, I tor
quin, Uonnett, Pardeaux, Jacot, Ac., in both La
dies’ and gentlemen’s sizes.
Flno Gold J" owolry,
Solid Gold Leoniton
Vest and Neck Chains.
STERLING COIN SILVER GOODS
FIXE PLATED WAKE,
SPECTACLES AND EYE 6LASSES,
of the most approved kinds.
CLOCKS OF ALL KINDS,
including the celebrated ITHACA CALENDAR
all of which will De sold at the
Lowest Prices, and Warranted.
Particular attention given to repairing all kinds
of Fine Watches. Chronometer Balances applied
aud adluslcd lo temperature and positiou. I|au7utf
BY TELEGRAPH
-TO TIIE
Daily Kennebec Journal.
EUROPEAN NEWS, &c.
St. Petbrsburo.
St. Petersburg, 1. The Journal De St.
Petersburg, referring to the case of the Rus
sian Minister at Washington, denies that
Catacasy was told that he could not stay at
Washington after the visit of Alexis, and says
that Mr. Curtin the -American Minister has
never informed the government here that the
American government threatened to send the
Russian Minister his passports.
Paris.
1'aris, 1. President Thiers accompanied
by the ministers of war and marine will go to
Rouen on the 27th, to lay the corner stone of
the projected military establishment.
Madrid.
Madrid, 1. The radicals will make an at
tack on the government next week in the
Cortes. The particular question is uncer.
tain. The result depends on the attitude of
the Carlists who have the balance of power.
Public Debt Statement.
Washington, Nov. 1.
Debt bearing interest in coin bonds at G per
cent., $1,582,512,350
Ronds at t! per cent., 277,057,600
Principal, 1,582,512,350
Interest, 4,490,289,996
Debt bearing interest in law
ful money certificate of
indebtedness at 4 per
cent., 677.000
Navy pension fund at 3 per
cent.. 14,000,000
Certificate at 2 per cent., 25 (190,000
Principal, 40,368,000
Interest, 34,417,206
Debt on which interest has
ceased since maturity
principal, 179,369,226
interest, 29,832,245
Fractional currency, 8,948,814,270
Coin certificate, 16,679,900
Principal, 41,376,086,395
Unclaimed interest, 1,444,213
Total debt principal, 231,549,250,621
Interest, 4,555,933,660
Total, 8236,105,184,281
Cash in treasury, coin, 9,905,455,92S
Currency, 1,028,380,525
Total, 810,933,880,498
Debt less cash in treasury. 225,171,344,803
Decrease for the month, 890,549,154
Decrease since March 1st,
1871, 0,899,539,889
Decrease since March 1st,
1809, to March 1st 1871, 20,475,441,309
Interest accrued and not yet
paid, 1,292,300
Interest paid by the United
States, 12,092,475
Interest repaid by the transpor
tation of mails, &c., 3,280,529
Balance of interest by the
United States, 9,405,945
Telegraph News in General.
Ottawa, Canada, Nov. 1. S. Heads lum
ber mill near here, with one-half a million of
lumber, was burned to-day. Loss 840,000;
insured for 820,000, including 84000 each in
the Etna i Hartford.
Philadelphia. Nov. 1. The city treasurer
h is and his broker are indicted by the grand
jury for being concerned in the recent de
falcations. Warrants of arrest have been
assured, and a thorough investigation will be
made by the management of city financial
affairs.
Kingston, Ja., Nov. 1. The British mail
steamer Venzuela took fire at sea on her voy
voyage from Liverpool. The flames were
extinguished on reaching the harbor of Santa
Martha, by scuttling the forward part of the
vessel and submerging one of the water tight
compartments. The fire lasted three hours.
It will take ton days to repair her.
Little ltock, Arkansas, Nov. 1. Some
movers i n route from Geogia to Texas, pas
sing through here yesterday, were accom
panied by negroes raised by the family, and
who were following them from choice. About
two hundred negroes surrounded the wagons
and took three negroes by force, and against
their protest. There is great indignation
among the whites.
News From Washington.
Washington, Nov. 1. A war department or
der transfers North Carolina to the depart
ment of the South, the Indian Territory is
annexed to the department of Texas, to be
commanded by Gen. Augur, and that depart
ment is added to the military division of Mis
souri. The department of the Platte is dis
continued and its territory embraced in the
ill par Client of Missouri.
Col. lleynolds with the 3J cavalry is or
dered to fort McPherson, Nebraska. The
Stales of Louisiana, Arkansas and Mississippi
and Key West will constitute the department
of the Gulf, commanded by Colonel Emery
of the 5th cavalry, who will report to Gen.
Hallock, commander of the military division
of the South. The 5th cavalry is ordered to
Arizona, relieving the 3d cavalry.
A telegram dated October 2d 1871, which
announces the return of Capt. Weyfrecht
and Lieutenant Payer of the Austrian army,
states that in September an open sea was
found from 42 degrees to 00 degrees east of
Greenwich, to the northward of 78 degrees
north latitude. The northeast point was
reached and w as 79 di grees north on the
meridian 48 degrees east. Here was found
the most favorable state of ice towards the
north pole, with a probable connection with
open sea south of Siberia towards the east.
This appears to be the most favorable route
towards the north pole. Dr. Peterman re
marks in the last part of this telegram “I
cannot understand but have reason to assume
Caorl land which was discovered last year by
Count Zeil and Theodore Von Hengier ex
tends southward to 98 degrees 12 minutes
north.” The expedition was made in small
sailing vessels, and at the expense of the
officers.
The tVeuiher.
War Department, 1
Office ok the Chief Sionai, Officer.
Washington, Oct. 31.—7 1*. M. j
Probabilities.
The area of the high barometer in the Ohio
Valley will probably move north and east
ward with brisk north winds to-night for a
short time from Virginia to New York, fol
lowed bv partially cloudy and clear weather
on Thursday in the Middle States and on the
lower lakes with southwest winds and a rising
temparture on the upper lakes. Northwest
erly winds rising to the southward will con
tinue on I.ake Ontario on Thursday, and
tresh northwest winds will continue on the
New England coast, increasing to moderate
gales some distance off the shore. The pres
sure on the coast of Maine, will probably
produce a severe storm in Nova Scotia.
News from New York.
New York, Nov. 1. Police Captain Chary
who it is alleged made an attempt to bribe a
witness in a Toucher case, is now accused of
clubbing and inciting his men to beat mem
bers of the reform procession last evening.
There is a ministerial crisis in Bolivia in
consequence of the congressional rejection of
of the bill providing for a federal constitu
tion, awl the government will probably re
move to Lapaze.
FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL.
New York Moaer Market.
New Yoke, November 1.
Gold closed at 113V
United Statoa Sixes (coupons), 1881 116.V9
6-20’s 1862, 111*40
1864, 111)40
1865, UUsO
1865, Jan. A July, 113'jO
1 1867, 113X0
1868 113 X0
10-40's,(coupons) 109X0
1’acill sizes, O
Centri Pacifica 101), 0
Union 87o
New York Stock Market.
New YOBE, October 31.
Mariposa 1, dopld., IX; Canton Co. 70 Cum.
bcrland Co. 39 Western Union Tel. Co., 61X
Quicksilver Mining Co„17,X; Pacific Mail, 47X;
Boston Water Power, 39 Adams Ez. Co., 84‘.
Wells, Fargo A to., 52 American Merchants i n
55.V U. 8. Ex. Co., 67X N. Y. Central A Hudson
liiver, 89X do. scrip. 85X Erie, ‘28X do. pfd.02
Harlem, 121 do. pfd 121 Heading. 108 Mich.
Central, 116V; Luke Shore and Michigan Southern
99X; Illinois Central 13h>. Cleveland A Pittsburg,
129 Chicago A North Western, 60 do. pfd 88
Chicago A Itock Island, Mil. A St. Paul 56).
do. ptd., 76X Toledo, Wabash A Western, 59).
do. pfd 81 Pittsburg A Fort Wayne, 96X Terre
Haute, 16 do. pfd 50 Alton, 113 do, pfd 111
Ohio A Miss., 37). Boston, Hartford A Erie. 8.X.

New York Produce Market.
New York, October 31.
COTTON—sales 2707 bales: mid. uplands 1854.
FLOCK—boot); state HOUR 730; round hoop Ohio
OS13711) western uu«7 65;.southern 7U04925.
WHEAT 12000bu; No. 2 spring 15131 5p ;new
60 2 do .winter red and amber western 55 gliO.
^COKN—93000 new mixed western 76 g77
OATS—sales .lOtiOOO western 30351
I’OltK— new mess, 4U3.UO. old. 0000
00.00. prime,
LAIU) 4 steam: 9,V810>4 kettle, 10'.'.
BCTTEH—West’n, 12*22; suite, 15 330.
WHISKEY Western tree, OIK.
RICE—Carolina, 7V68,1..
SCO Alt Porto Bico, a Muscovado,851*954
Chicago Produce Market.
Chicago, October 31.
FLOCK—spring extras
WHEAT—No. 2, 120
CORN—18
O ATS— 30 V for No. 2
RYE—Nof 2,00
BAltl.E 1-55 for No. 2.
M ESS PORK- 12.75
LARD-854.
LIVE IIOHS-.
RECEIPTS— 7000 Hour, 55.000 wheat 11,000 corn
50,000 oats, 13000 barley, 000,000 bogs.
SHIPMENTS—2000 flour, la.,000 corn 30,000 oats
250000 barley 9,000 bogs.
Cincinnati Produce Market
Cincinnati, October 31.
MESS PORK—12 50
LARD s54.
BULK MEATS—sides 054
BACON—shoulder,75* elearrib sides 7V
WHISKEY-88.
NT ATE NEWS.’
A little daughter of Mr. Levi Itobins of
Hiram, 2 years and 2 months old, went out
into the field to find her father on the after
noon of the 10th inst., and got lost in the
woods. She was not missed until late in the
day search was at once commenced, hut the
1 child was not found until eight o,clock the
next morning; she had wandered about two
miles.
The concert given at Brunswick Monday
evening by Portland talent was successful
There was a good house, and the selections
on the programme were rendered to the en
tire satisfaction of the audience.
Schooner Onward from Iiockland, was in
the stream discharging lime yesterday after
noon, when a sailor named Wm. Caswell,
belonging on board of her, went ashore, lie
was standing on a wharf just below the stone
yard, in the rear of the stores on Broad
street, when a heavy cross-beam fell form a
hoisting apparatus some twenty feet, striking
him on the head and knocking him down. He
lay insensible for some time, and it was
feared that his skull was fractured, but under
medical care he “came round,” and will prob
ably recover with no further injury than a
sore head. [Bangor Whig of Wednesday.
A year ago Tuesday, a snow-storm com
menced at 4 o’clock in the morning and con
tinued until 11 A. M. before turning to rain.—
Sleighs and sleds were brought out, but were
nou used long.
NEWS BY MAIL.
The New York Times is informed by the
Captain of Steamship Hermann, that A. J.
Garvey, under the name of McDonald, sailed
in that vessel henceon the 3d. On arriving
at Bremen he immediately proceed to Swit
zerland.
Indian Commissioner Lang states that a
few thousand dollars will feed the Indians
and keep them quiet, w hile it will take mil
lions to fight them, and a few years of peace
ful policy will fully settle all Indian difficul
ties.
A Salt Lake special states that Stout and
Kimball are still in custody at Camp Doug
lass, Judge McLean declining to bail them at
present. The court has adjourned to the 14th
of Nov. There is a better feeling among the
Mormons. Several more arrests are ex
pected soon.
A Spartansburg letter of the 24th states
that a constable in attempting to arrest a
citizen at Union, had his pistol taken away
from him, the citizen refusing to recognize
the legal right of his arrest. A general
row followed, in which several shots between
citizens and soldiers were exchange, but no
one hurt. All the municipal officers and
many citizens were arrested but all were
bailed.
Advocates of female suffrage will find a
grain of cheer in the decision which the su
preme court of the District of Columbia will
make in the case of'the women who have
sued the authorities at the polls for refusing
them the privilege of voting. The court will
hold that under the constitution of the dis
trict women are not entitled to the ballot, but
wiil intimate that the right is undoubtedly se
cured to them by the Constitution of tho
United States.
The death of Mr. Oliver Frost took place
at his resideuce in Fast Boston on Sunday
last. He was a native of Limington, Me.,
and was born June 4, 1801. He was a mem
ber of the Maine legisiature in 1872-33, and
was deputy-land agent of that State for nine
years. He came to Boston about the year
1850, and was for a few years a member of
the firm of Frost Boulter, lumber dealers.
In 185C he represented old Ward 1 in the
common council, and in 1853, ’54 and '57 he
war alderman. In 1858 and '50 he served in
the State senate. Mr. Frost,was appointed
an inspector of the State prison by Governor
Wasburn, which he held two years, and he
was also the chief inspector of lumber in
Suffolk county. For some past he has been
employed in the appraiser’s office at the cus
tom-house. He was an active democratic
politician, and much esteemed by a large
number of friends.—[Boston Advertiser.
Manner of Mr. J. K. Piper’s Death.
The Lewiston Journal gives the following
account of the death of Mr. J. K. l’iper, of
that city:
From Mr. Jennings who was near Mr. l’i
per when he was killed, we learn the follow
ing particulars Soon after 4 o’clock Satur
day afternoon, when the Merchants’ Mill (of
which Mr. 1*. was Superintendent) was shut
down for the day, Mr. l'iper went to the
fourth story of the mill to see to tho remov
ing of a heavy box of machinery there stored,
which was in the way. An assistant aided
him in pushing the box towards tho door of
tho tower, and fastening the hook from the j
fall, which was suspended from a beam or
projection over tho door, by which tho box I
was to be lowered to the ground, 40 feet be
low. The assistant was sent to start up the
power which moved the fall. As Mr. Piper
was alone after this, what happened until lie
actually fell is a matter of conjecture.
Indications show that as the power was ap
plied to the fall, it drew the box gradually
toward the door, until the lower edge caught
on the gtone door sill; and probably began to
raise the inside end of the box from the floor.
Mr. Piper probably stepped to the door to
free the edge of the box from the door sill,
and at the same time hallooed to the assistant,
who was in another part of the building, to
shut off the power. Mr. Jennings, who was
not far off, heard Mr. Piper halloo. The two
younger children of Mr. P. were on the
ground near by, and hearing their father
hallooing, they state that they looked up and
recognized him, and be them—as ho waved
his hand towards them.
Hardly had this recognition been made, be
fore the lower edge of the box gave way, and
the iieavy package instantaneously swung out
with terrible force, hitting Mr. Piper, who
was standing by the side of it, endeavoring to
free it, and throwing him violently out of the
door. His children below were looking on,
and they saw their father as lie was thrown
out, with his arms extended, and followed
him as he made the terrible descent.
It was forty feet to the ground, and not
withstanding only a monent intervened before
he struck, yet tiiere was opportunity for sev
eral persons who were in the lower stories of
the mill to observe bis fall. One gentleman
says as Mr. Piper passed by the door of the
story in which he was standing, with arms
extended, as if attempting to clutch hold of
something, he heard him distinctly say, “O,
dear!” lie struck the ground near his chil
dren, about fifteen feet from the mill, on his
side and shoulder, with such force as to badly
crush the shoulder and side, and break his
neck.
Mr. Jennings, bearing the outcry raised by
those who witnessed Mr. Piper’s fall, rushed
down stairs, and in a moment reached the
crushed body of Mr. P. and raised it up.
There was for a moment a murmur of the
lips, sounding very much like the cry lie ut
tered while falling, and then all was over.
Mr. Piper, was dead, killed almost instantly
in the very presence of his children, and al
most while giving expression to his love for
them, ami within sight of his own house which
he had left in health and strength but a short
time before.
OFFICE OP THE
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE AND MARINE
Insurance Co.
Springfield, Mass., Oet. 25th, 1871.
To Ocr Agents:—As many of the Companies
have been deceived in the amount of their Chicago
Losses, we conclude at this late day to make the
following Statement which we knoto to be correct.
Assets at Market Value, $1,077,000
Chicago Losses not over $450,0C0
All other outstanding Losses, 47,220 $497,220
$570,780
This will give us our Capital of $500,000 entire,
and Kurpin* of and we expect a Sal
vage of oyer $25,000 at Chicago.
Our Adjusters are paying all Losses at Chicago
m Cash as fast as they can be adjusted.
<>ur Directors-and Stockholders are pledged to
pay to the Company pro rata on their Stock $3*25,000
within thirty days as a Reserve against all out
standing risks, in accordance with the Laws of
Massachusetts and New York. This will give us
Capital and Surplus of
OVER $900,000
After paying all outstanding losses.
Yours very' truly,
EDMUND FREEMAN. President.
DWIGHT U. SMITH, Vice Pres’t.
•SANFORD J. HALL, Secretary.
W. F. HALLETT, Agent.
oit-s-w lwf2w
A RELIABLE SECURITY
The first mortgage
7 PER CENT. GOLD BONDS OF
THE
Burlington, Cedar Rapids and Mina. R. R.
YIELD OVER 9 PER CENT
m currency, on Subscription Price.
The Chicago, Burlington 4Quincy Road liaseon
traded, by a truffle guarantee, to invest one-hal
their gross earnings derived from this road, in the
Bonds of this company; w hich makes a ready mar
ket at all times for these bonds.
They are a first mortgage on a completed road
mailing through the richest region in the west mak
ing the shortest line from the Great Northwest to
Chicago and St. Louis.
The present earnings, in the dullest season of the
year, pay over 12 per cent on the mortgage debt.
The loan is nearly placed.
Tire small balance, is now offered at i>0 and ac
crued interest in currency, by Banks and Bankers
generally, and
HENRY CLEWS A UO.
32 Wall Street.
HALFORD
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE,
The Best Sauce and Relish
Mn.de lu any part of the world
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO.HK HAD OF ALL FIILST-CLAS3 GKOCK1S.
BETTEIl AN I> OUT-' A. 1* IdIV
THAN ANY OTHER
BOOTS OR SHOES
THOSE FASTENED WITH
CABLE SCREW WIRE.
BETTER— Because they are more Pliable, more
Comfortable, are Water-proof, anil are warranted
not to Kio or Cape.
CHEAPER—Because, while their first cost is not
in excess of sewed or pegged work of a like grade,
their Durability is far greater, they preserve their
Shape much better, and the metalic fastening in
sures a more Equal Wear.
Equally applicable to light and heavy work.
The immense demand having called forth imita
tions, consumers should be sure that every boot or
shoe bears the Patent Stamp.
Bold by Dealers Everywhere.
8ep3J-.Hpn|eodGw
MAI
VEGETABLE SICILIAN
HAIR
Renewer.
has proved itself to he the most perfect preparation
for tue hair ever offered to the public to
Restore Gray Hair to Its Original Color.
and create a new growth where it has fallen off
tVum disease or natural decay.
It anil prevent the flair from falling out.
All who use it are unanimous in awarding it the
praise of being the best Hair Dressing extant.
Our Treatise on the Hair sent free by mail.
MAN I' FACT l’ RKD ONLY tit'
It. 1’. HALL CO., Nashua, N. 11., Proprietors.
For sale by all druggists. iwtt
Twenty-elglit Tears* Practice.
in the treatment of Diseases incideut to Females
baa placed DU. DOW at the head of all physicians
makingsuch practice a specialty, and enables him to
guarantee a speedy and permanent cure from
whatever cause. All letters for advice must con
tain il. Office, No. U Endicott Btrkkt, Boston.
N, B.—Board furnished to those desiring to reman
under treatment,
Boston, July, u71. 1 yid
1871. FALL ana WIATEK. 1871.
Woodman, True Co,,
JonuuRK or
DRY GOODS
—AND—
WOOLENS.
Have in store anil are constantly receiving Till:
LATEST STTXES in
FOItETGX and DOMESTIC
DRY G OODS,
in greater variety than ever before offered to the
trade is maite.
Woodman, True Co.,
CORNER MIDDLE PEARL ST.,
i*ORTi~ajrn..w-fi.ru.
2m36
Scientific and Popular Medical Works
Manhood. Womanhood,
Nervous Diseases,
PUBLISHED BY THE
No. 4 Bulfinch Street, Boston,
(Opposite Revere Rouse.>
Dr. W. If. PARKER, Assistant Physician.
Medical knowledge for everybody. 250,000 copiei *o!i
in two yearn.
A Book for every Man.
THE SCIENCE OF LIFE, OR SELF-PRESERVATION
A Medical Treatise on the Cause and Cure of Exhausted
Vitality, Premature Decline is Mas, Nervous asd
Physical Debility, Hypochondria, and all other diseases
arising from the Errors of Youth, or the Indiscretions or
Excesses of mature years. This is indeed a book for every
man. Price only $1.00. 285 pages, bound in cloth.
A Book for every Woman,
Entitled SEXUAL PHYSIOLOGY OF WOMAN, AND HER
DISEASES or, Woman treated of Physiologically and
Pathologically, from Infancy to Old Age, with elegant II
lustrative Engravings. 350 pages, bound in beautiful
French cloth. Price $2.00
A Book for Everybody.
Flattered by the reception of, and great demand tor, tha
above valuable and timely treatise, and also to meet a great
need of the present age, the author haa just published a
new book, treating exclusively of NERVOUS AND MEN
TAL DISEASES. 150 pp. cloth. Price $1 00, or sent
free on receipt of $3 for the other two books, postage paid.
These aro, beyond all comparison, the most extraordinary
works on Physiology ever published. There is nothing
whatever that the Married or single, of Either Sex, can
either require or wish to know, but what is fully explained
and many matters of the most important and interesting
character are introducee to which no allusion even can he
found in any other works in our language. All the new
Discoveries cf the author, whose experience is such as
probably never before fell to the lot of any man, are given
in full. No person should be without these valuable books.
“Valuable Boons.—We have received the valuable
medical works published by the Peabody Medical Institute.
These books are of actual merit, and should find a place in
every intelligent family. They are not the cheap order of
abominable trash, published by irresponsible parties, and
purchased to gratify coarse tastes, but are written by a
responsible professional gentleman of eminence, as a source
of instruction on vital matters, concerning winch lamenta
ble ignorance exists. The important subjects presented
are treated with delicacy, ability and care, and, ae an ap
pendix, many useful prescriptions for prevailing complaints
are added.”—Coon Republican, I^ancanter, Pf. H.
“The anthor of these books is one of the most learned and
popular physicians of the day, and is entitled to the grati
tude of our race for these invaluable productions. It seems
to be liis aim to induce men and women to avoid the cause
of those diseases to which they are subject, and he tells
them just how and when to do it.”—Chronicle, Farming
ton. Maine, Sept. 7, 1869.
3ZT Either book sent by mail on receipt of price.
N. B. The Anther of the a' ovb named medical works
Is the Chief Consol ing Physician of the Peabody Medi
cal Institute, an l is bo constantly employed in consulta
tion with invalid« from all parts of the country, that he
haa no time to attend to mere business details. Therefore
all letters should be addressed to the PEABODY MEDI
CAL INSTITUTE, or to Dr. W. H. PARKER, the Medi
cal Assistant of the Author, and his Business Agent, who,
as well as the Author himself, may be consulted on all
diseases requiring skill, secrecy and experience
Inviolable Skcrkcy and Certain Relibf. Iy-w4ft
This is an age of inquiry and people are
beginning to realize the magnitude of the
2vU caused by the use of injurious compounds
Tor the hair, which are prepared and forced
into market, by men who are not practical
physicians, and who may not be aware of the
injury they are producing. These prepara
tions have been analyzed by competent chem
ists, and shown to contain poisonous sub
stances, causing Nervousness, Headache, Par
tly sis, and often fatal results.
In contrast with such injurious articles, we
sail attention to the Hair Restorer prepared
by Dr. R. Greene, Superintendent of the Bos
ton Medical Institute, who has been a suc
cessful physician in Boston for more than a
quarter of a century. Dr. Greene uses Veg
etable Remedies only, and can assure the pub
lic that this Ilair Restorer will do all that is
claimed for it, without a possibility of injury.
I have tested a sample of Dr. Greene's Ilair
Restorer, and find that no poisonous metals or
injurious matters exist in it.
C. T. JACKSON, State Assayer."
The use of this Ilair Restorer for twenty
five years has tested its superiority as a dress
ing, and its power to preserve the hair and
scalp in a healthy condition. It removes
dandruff, prevents the hair from falling off,
preserves its natural color, restores it when
prematurely gray, renders it soft and glossy,
promotes its healthy growth, and is the best
dressing ever discovered. While other prep
arations are sold at almost any price, Dr.
Greene's Hair Restorer has sustained its good
qualities, its price, and its reputation. It is
prepared by Dr. It. Greene at the Medical In
stitute, 34 Temple Place, Boston, and sold at
$1 per bottle, or six for $5, or sent by ex
press to any part of the country. Pamphlet
sent free. Address Dr. R. Greene, 84 Tem
ple Place, Boston, Mass.
Sold by L. II. TlTCU.Mlt, Druggist, Augusta,sole
agent fur Dr, Greene’s Ilair Restorer and Scrofula
Syrup.
Maine Steamship Company
NEW ARRANGEMENT I
Hcrnl- Weekly
ON anil alter the 18th the
tine steamers DIRIGO anti
FRANCUN1A will, until further
notice, run as follows
Leave Galt’s Wharf, Portland, every Monday and
Thursday at 5 o’clock P. M., and leave Pier 38, East
River. New York, every Monday and Thursday at 3
o’clock P. M.
The Dirigo and Franconia are fitted up with fine
accommodations for passengers, making this the
most convenient and comfortable route for travel*
lera between New York amt Maine. Passage in
State Rooms, #5.00. Cabin Passage, #4.00. Meals
Goods forwarded to and from Montreal, Quebec.
Halifax, St. John, ami all parts of Maine.
Shippers are requested to send their freight to the
steamers as early as 4 P. M., ou the days that they
leave Portland. For freight or passage apply to
HENRY FOX, Gait s Wharf, Portland.
J. E. AMES, Pier AS Emit River. New York.
Portland. May Z0 1M, ITM