EONDOIT.
for Chicago
Sufferers.
Continued Efforts to Collect
Funds.
JlVhat the Engliab Donor* Expect.
From Oar Special Correspondent.
London*, Oct. 19.
1-01,1 tbo War Minister, of .which he wsw
the bearer}. General Wimpflen continued in
1, Rlmc strain, but seeing tliat Count
'|°"K C VJW I‘ttle nmved by this personal
pleadmghe took a difteivnt tone, saving:
•*Jf yon c;mnot‘gmnt me- belter terms I
cannot accept those which you want to im
pose on me. I shall make an appeal fo‘ my
army and to. its honor, and X shall succeed in
cutting iny way out or in defending -myself
m Sedan.’ (It ninst be owned TbsitTichim
self did not appear to be convinced, of what
he said.) He was interrupted by
Count Moltke. who replied: I have great
esteem foryon. I understand yonraitnntion,
and am sorn* not to bo able to do what you
ask of me: but, as for'altempting a sortie,
that is just as impossible as to defend your-j
self in Sedan. Assuredly you have troops
that an 1 really excellent; your crack infantry
is remarkably good; your cavalry bold and
enterprising. Vonr artillery- is admirable
and has done ns much harm, too much harm;
but the greater pail of your infantry'is de
moralized; wc have made to-day more than
30.000 Jinwounded prisoners. Not more than
20.000 men now remain to you.. It is not un
der such circumstances, that you can pierce
our lines: for you know .1 have at pres
ent around yon .240,000-men and'soo mouths
of lire, of which three humlrcd are already
in position to open oiilsedah. Hie other two
hundred will be there by litmorrow’s dawn,
if you wish to convince yourself 1 can -have
one of. your «Ulcers conducted around the
ditfervnt positions which are occupied hy my
troops, and he will be able to testify to the
correctness of what 1 have said. As for de
fending yourself in Sedan, that .is quite im
possible; you have, not forty-eight hours’
ration?, and you have no more amimition.
General Wimpfen replied:! think it is
your interest, even-from apolitical stand
point, to grant the honorable surrender to
which our army in entitled. Yon are going to
make peace, ami, no doubt,.you desire to
make it soon. The French imnou more than
any other, is generous and chivalrous, and,
consequently, appreciative of the generosity
with which she is treated. If yon grant us
the terms, which wouhl tiatter the pride of
the army it would please the country and
diminish the bitterness of defeat in the eyes
of the nation. A peace concluded under such
auspices would have a elumce of being dura
ble, aud your generous act would open the
door to a renewal of friendly feelings such
as ought to exist between two great nations
that are neighbors aud Mich as you
desire to exist. If, on the contrary, you per
sist in using harsh measures toward-ns you
willeertjHmy cscito angemnd hatred in the
hearts of our soldiers. The nation would be
likewise wounded In ber pride And share the
same feelings. You wouhl thus awaken all
the bad instincts lain.dormant through the
progress of civilization, and you would risk
to inllame an mtenniuabloi. war between
France and Prussia.
Count llisjimrk here replied’*''**’Your ar
guments, General, seem, on Ural tli&rght, to
be serious, but will not really bear discussion.
X have little belief in gratitude in general,
and none at all in the gratitude of a people.
One might believe in the gratitude of a sover
eign. «ml sometimes in that of-one's family;
one might even, in some place
perfect faith in it; but, I repeat, thero is
nothing to expect from the gratitude of a na
tion, Jf the French were a jK-oplo like any
other, if they bad solid institutions like our
people, if thev had veneration for their tradi
tions, or if they bad a sovereign linuly estab
lished upon the rbrone. wc might
believe in Urn gratitude of thei Emperor
and his son, and attach some importance
to that gratitude; hut for the bust eighty
years the governments of France have
changed wit h such singular vapidity, so much
out of the ordinary course of events and be
yond all foresight-that nothing can be relied
upon in vonr country/ anti, that to found
hopes on the friendship of a French monarch
would, on the part of a neighbor nation, bo
slmplv insanity; it would be like attempting
to build castles in flu* air. Besides, wbat
foilvto imagine that Franco couUl forgive
«ur*sucee>sc!»! Von are an irritable people,
you are envious, jealous and excessively
proud. Sioeo two centuries Franco has thirty
times declared war to X’nissia—that is, to
Germany—ami this tiiim you have declared it
as usual, from jealousy, because you could
tied forgive ns our victory of Hmlowa; and
vet .Sadowa did not cost you anything or in
"the least tarnish your glory; but you thought
that victory was a monopoly which wassolely
reserved for Voq. You could not bear to
see near you a nation equally as slrongasyou.
You could not lorgive us iiadowa.
where neither your Interests nor your
gl«»rv were in the. least 'compromised:
jiiuF will volt forgive us the disaster
,»>f Sedan f Never, If wo weiv to
make peace now, in Hre years, in ten years
—as soon as you were ahfe-rvon »oulu re
-1 eoiitmeiice the war. ..This is all the gratitude
width we could expect from the French peo-
We Germans are, on tin? contrary,.an
_ (muoßt ami ocaeealde nation, who are never
Wbat Bumarb, ZVlolikr, nud MimplTro jjttualed conquest, and would
*aid at the Murrendrr. ask nothing but to live, in Peace. if you did
General T>ucret lias just published a book not constantly disturb ny your quarrel
entitled “.La Jottraeo de It con- some ImmoK Our patience is exhausted,
tain's ithe following highly interesting ac- Franco must be chastised for her pride and
count by Captain d’Orcet, a Frcu'cb ollicer, her aggressive, ambitious character. »V
who was present at an interview of General want at h ast b» insure the safety of our chil
\Vimplleii with Count ilismark and Count dren, and to do this we must have between
Moltke, after the battle ami immediately I'raueo and us fj territory, fortresses and
before the surrender of Sedan. It will be re- frontiers that can protect us forever from
numbered that General WimpHeu was the au attack on hcr.pail..
Commaiidnr-iu-Chicf of the 1 reueb army at Gt*nenil WimpUcn. Your Excellencv is
the tnre of-the surrender: mistaken in judging thus the French nation.
We-Wore mttounced into a parlor on tlu Yon believe that she is lhi» same as in isir>,
ground lioor, where wc aiyaited forabout ten al| ,i v m judge her after the verses of a few
minutes the arrival ofthe man was to' ac- at „i the writings of a few journals,
quaint us with the wishes of King ttiill mm. qpj 14 Kroii«*ii «*f t onlay are. entirely dillerem.
At last General Moltke entered, aceompanieu •pi lan h s to tin* prosperity of the empire, all
by Count Bismark. General JJlumeji- ,„i„dsare lumen tospeenlations.ro business,
tu.’l and several onicera. Auer a loin alli i ar t. Everyone tries to .increase (he
salutO Count Moltke inquired of Ceiitral d« amoiml ~f j f js well-being, and thinks.rather
Wimptlc ll whether ho had proper powers and f j j s individual interests -than of glory,
credentials, ?b?m 01 ThU They are ready in Franco to nroelain tin* fra
the latter J {\viSLr.m temityof peoples. Look at England. What
being done, j KIK becomu of that- hatred which once di
erals Coatelnau' J W*;S, 1 vided France and England Are not the
desired to kiiow m w.tflt charaUtr llitst ti\o o nr best friends (o-dsiy? Such will
Generals were present. be the cm*c with Germany if you showyopr
plied that he had come ol elan of HO j Vt s jr t .ii,.r,jus— if harsh im-.-Lsnrrs do not
Marshal MacMahou, simple to weonip.my revive the extinguished passions.
GeneralTSTmpfl'ctb hat withotu- a .Ji Count Hismark, shaking his head donbtfnl
charactcr... Genaral Cnstelnau then tuat nt (j K ru j \VimprteuV Imast of the friend
he was the bearer of a verbal nlhcuu loiu- s hip between France* aud England, replied
muuication from'the Emperor, bn t tnat it j must interrupt you here. General. No.
was only to bo made at.tbo end of the coaler- is not changed it is slie that wanted
•dice. In which, however, ho was the war. and it is to Hatter the jmpulgr-mania
wise authorized to take part. Count f o r glorv that Napoleon 111., in the interest
presented Count Jhsmark and General Jilu- „f dynasty, provoked us. I know that the
ineuthal by simply pointing with his huger M) jjd aiul»unsuitable part of the French peo
to each or. o then t°°k seats ~iw d id hot clamor forwar: still the-yreeeived
around a .square table coveretl with a re<i t i u with favor. Wo know very well
cloth in the tallowing order: At one sule oi was not the army any mote than the
the table Count Moltke. to Ins left Count lieu .,i e that was hostile to us. hut the party
Mismark and General lllumenthal; at the u prance which did* clamor for war is even
other aide of the table sat General iimmeu, ideb makes ov unmakes tbo goveru
alone; behind him, and almost in the back- With you it is the* populace ami the
ground, were Generals Casteluau and raure journalists” (belaid n particular stress on
•uid the other French ofliccrs. rliere were j ast AX -(»nl). It is they whom wfl want to
’so in the room seven or eight i rnsman of- nui i;,i u all d to do this we' must goto Paris,
one of whom.uiM.u asjgn fnojj tu-m-nd V lo k,io\vH whatmav happen i Perhaps
lUuuK'At 1 placejl Imuself near the nmutcl- t) w i« form itself among yon a govern-
S*\,n \vliit'll ho lemiwl fcn-wanl to take r,-s,HcLs nothin,;: wliit-h
Liv.-uail wiis being s.-iitl iluniij:th,* too- t» its L-oiivonicm-o:
feranco. A.^ r l ;1 l i VL r which will inn |-ci-„|inizi- I lit- hiiitviiilci-I
J.n v'iil.a, v;ls f U v.m will have f,»r tire nvmy;
Wiuiiilion win, vll i Ll ‘I 1 .I'> ‘hapK. L-oiu|u-i flm 'onurA t«
gin the ennver. tl iL ri- li L.,... lL vin'mc thoir ninmistw: Mr they will ini I
Somhigdcionnino. i to ,lo,ll t dt'ffinl t loinsolyos nt any nncr. o
General WimplTcn w ich Hi” know vmy iv.U that in V ranee, sohliei-s arc'
know the terms of tin. quickly formed, hut ’-"iinp snhliors nro not
Majesty the Ring of I*n. a w xuanus to gram %vor{ j t veterans, and moreover, what can by!
US. _ c ;«,,,ip Tlui no means be improvised is a corp* of /dlicers.
Count Moltke.
whole army to bo prisoner*. (V i“ur.the term® which I have already mentioned,
baggage; the olFicem may rei ,£1“ To attain this \yo must take away from
as a testimonial of esteem for l bcir Fraiiee the pos>ibilit.v of resisting ns. The
but they will lw prisoners of "u ar 11 Kc lll fate of battles lias delivered *>v<b* to ns the
Tuen. best soldiers and the best oflieetk of the
General Wimpileu. -These L.rms aroverr r ri t jcli army. To .set them at liberty, so as
bard, and it seems tome that tin* rrentn to ..jjpose ourselves to s»*«« them again march
jirmy deserves something better n j, a {*ist ns. would be folly; that would be
ni e Could not a stirreuder be obt.uumion j )ro j on -dng the war. and the intejvst of our
the following conditions: r people' l* opposed m such u policy. No, Gcn
“Tho town aud fortress, with thcartiu.* Q- crs i however we may sympathise fwith your
shall dm Aajjdo«l X^’ er to'-.y«»ii. Yon wifcM p,rsition. however Haltering be the opinion
allow liie armv to retire with its anus, bag- w< j iavo of your army, we cannot comply
cage, aud Hags, on condition that it will not vour request and chaugi* the first terms
serve acaiudnrlug this war against I mssia. w hici» have been proposed to yon.
The Empeniraiql (K*niiT!ils.wjJljengage tt’impmui (with digmtyl. tt ell.
their word for the army, and the ofheers \viil t j s p,vnallv impossible for me to sign
pledge themselves personally and in writing surrumtcr; we ehnll recommence the
L, keep the same, terms. Ihc army will or
-OSieral Cnsl.-Inau h.-» ho.rom with Iwri
bv Pro««of aitotw, nua n> n.mam v i think the moment has arrived
übtil the conclusion of mace.’ fornkto iUo Km-
Hetlien began to enter into details regam- r
ing his proposition, seeming to cousidi*r the Cm nt Hi smnr k. Wc are randy to bear
emiclumon of peace near at hand: but Gen- yon,:Generai.
oral Moltke wwamed impassable, and con- Gt Ut n ,i Casteluau. The' Emperor has
tented himself with replying that he could c arpet i me to inform His-Majesty, the King
in ike no change in the conditions. Goueral 0 f i» nis s ia t that he senda liiut ins sword uu-
Wimpffcn renewed lus request. Ho ni.-st ai>- ~t m, btiouallY that bo jwiwimlly aud übso-
the sympathies with which his per- llU( .i v surrenders hiiHsclf to his mercy, but
Imial position migla inspire Count Moltke. tliat xcU t ms only in tbo hope that tb»
t '.fn*t-il Winipffen. I arrived hero only King will bo moved by r sitch a complete self
ago from the interior of Africa. My abandonment, and in eonsiderat mu of it be
1 until now lias been spot- would grant to the French army a more
i U, c and hero lam onleretl to take com- honorable surrender, such ns it descives ior
eS’id In the middle of a battle, and am thus its e<>u rage.
r »allv forced to attach uiv name to the dis- Cotiut Ibsmarek. IstlusaUf
tnuis aamjndcrrthP’whole resjxnisibility Gederal Casielnan. Yes. t

i *-’nc mr*clf prepan-d tlu*l*a(tle Mint led to is that which the Emperor Napoleon 111. sur-
Vi»n. "’ho are a Genera Mike me, yon can rend«)i> Is it the sword'of France or hw
jt *<Vrti/iod better than any one the bitter- own sword If it is the sword of France the
lU lsof m>* l>ositioii.• hns'poasnbleforyou to* eonduions may be singiilnriy modilied, and
ne rten mv sad fate by granting me more hon- your message would be of- a verv crave char-
terms* 3Vh>* -would you not. do ac rerl
■>f Ivery well that tho pnneipal General Casteluau. ll is only the sword of
•oiise of mir dlsast»‘r was the fall at tbo tinperor.
Sibe* outset of the battle of the Count Moltke (hurriedly and almost joy
valiant Marshal who commanded before me. fullv(. In that cast* there is no change in our
would not, perhaps, have been tl»« victor, terms. The Emperor will obtain forliispcr
j». 'Vxuight, at least, have operated a good son all heinav hefdeased to ask. (Hcn'lnera
butt* As for me, if J had commanded at upiM-uicilto be a secret iliHVituice of opinion
retreat- T th» not sav that I should have between Count Hismnrk ami Count Moltke;
tho outset, '-an Marshal MneMahon and f„r (be former, it heuncil/ would n6t have
done better tu. bid 1 should have pre- been Isom’ to terminate tim while
gained the battle, uasG being better ac- Mojihe was, on ihe contrary, desirous oi coit-
pared a f ?hwhhl have sue- tiuftiag it-
quanited with our tr»»ops. uje ellort Geiieral Wimptfeij rapliod; “tte shall re
i.,,kd m "Ji;- Umll L-rimnl.-m-.- Gil-
toeflectasortie. th.u of the Coqqt Moltke. The ffuco expires to-mor
t<i assume tbo *conimand in theim». my row morning, at 4 o’clock. At 4 o'clock pre
battle without knowing the condition i-iselv Fshall open five.
troops. r I» spite of all 1 might, perhaps, ha. Ilihp all arose aud uJoomy sileijro prevaileil
seccVeda retreat but for an unfortnaate 111- nuHoetit.
eideni, which it is useless here_ to relate, j for n Ibaiiiljrk again addressed Genera!
(This was doubtless an allusion to the con-I Count Vos. ticueral, you bavo val
tnsion «f onlere rasnlting from the fact that d* M jiniiftci*, c ft ldl,. t T doubt not that
Marshal ilncMahnn had handed over the com- unit and „f v o r to-morrow
msnd to General pnemt, \ybo exereise.l it up thev will do ai *\,Vb,sftes; but wbat good
toll! o’clock in the morning, when General and cause ns ser w vy U will not he
Wimpffvu claimed it, on the strength of a let-1 will it do you» lu-murit*" uu ,u uul m
Manifestations of sympathy with the peo
ple of Chicago continue to he rapidly ami
universally exhibited. In the papers are
reports of meetings in the largo towns—Glas
gow*, Manchester, Nottingham, Leeds, Shef
field, Bradford, Wolverhampton, Dublin, and
numerous others, at which liberal contribu
tions were made. The world will sec one
more example that nothing is really so dif
ficult to destroy as a largo city. The deep
well-springs of affection which have suddenly
gushed up are an affecting as well as a de
lightful sight. -Ho who spoke as never man
spake,.*spiff- one. speaker the other day,
“Told ns that every man was our neighbor.
But the people of the United States are more
than our neighbors; Tliev are of our licsb
and our blood.” Here is- the explanation of
what is passing before us, I see among the
speakers Mayors by the score,. masters of
merchant companies,- Moderators of church
assemblies. Professors, Lord Provosts, Orange
men, Quakers, Bishops—Jacob Bright and the
Bishop of Manchester, hand in haiid—Gover
«*rs of banks, and representatives of all' the
classes who have anylhingto spare. Amidst
the thick mass of newspaper reports, it seems
invidious to select a single e.vjnvssinn of
opinion, but the followiug'let ter from a vete
ran member of Parliament, the aged member
for Sheffield, Mr.'lladtield, ought. I think,
to be read in Chicago:
•‘Coxysoium-uoad, Victoria Pauk,
MANCIIUSTEU, Oct. 16.1K71,
■•‘Mr PEAR Mr. Mayor: As you have convened
a lueettajr to be held to-niorrow.of tho inhabitants
of Sheffield to consider what measures should Ik*
taken to relieve tho sufferers at Chicago, in the
United Stales of America, under the calamity
which. Inis so suddenly befallen them, I bog leaves
sis a native of the borough over, which you wor
thily preside as Chief Magistrate, to offer a contri
bution of 2«0 guineas to the fund inleudtHl to be
mlrtod, fur wldeh sum 1 enclose a cheek payable to
year'order. I am gratitled to learn Unit the peo
ple of America will accept the expression of sym
pathy and Mimnriii this eonntry. in the kindly
sense iu wliich it will be offered to them; and I
consider It to be a privilege to have the opportu
nity of uniting in.tills undoubted sentiment of
suTeetion ami regard of the inhabitants of Great
Britain and Ireland toward the people of America.
May w_* and they ever bemie jieople under our
resiH-etjvi* governments; and Ik; liuund together
ns hive.ru of freedom to the end of lime. I have
the honor to 1m;, your very obedient servant.
CiEORGi: lIAWItU).
To the Mayor of Sheffield."
The forgoing briefly convoys tlio exact
state iu pinch the whole circumstances pre-
Kent tbemseives to the English mind, 1 have
not teen a aiutflo instance hero by which the
most sensitive of flic people of Chicago could
be hurt. _
But there has bsen—as I regard it—one
Jarring note from afar. 1 cannot but think
tho tejegriuii of the Vice President of tljo
New York Chamber of Commerce to the dif
ferent Chambers ben?, urging the commence
ment of si-subscription, a-mistake. It was,
of course, excellently meant; but it was not
needed, and if the gentlemen in question
knew this country a little better, they
would have wailed a week. I ?«u
ghul that the existence of the tele
gram is not very generally known.
It would of course have no effect iu checking
the prevailing feeling, but it might to a cer
tain extent detract from the grace of the acts
that are recorded. The spontaneity of the
demonstration is half its charm.
A word in tho wav of advice. 1 have seen
something of these*publie gifts, and I know
pretty well the dangers accompanying thorn.
Already I think Isecslgnsof unworthy hands
in'thecrowd.,Wc shall have jmpostorsprofess
ing- to be citizens'of Chicago, collecting
money on their own account, i caught sight
oulv this morning of what looks to me very
much like an organized scheme of that char
acter.
I will watch it-iu any case. Let me urge
npoii the authorities to publish as much in
formation us they can of the money they re
ceive, and of the use to which they propose
jrf.i put it. A great deni of trouble is occa
sioned, but trouble is nothing. In the course
•of a brief time tbe Mubscriben* here will he
to learn whether i hey have done
any good. Every detail will be read,
anil then, when it is seen that the benevolence
has run into the right channels, the public
will be amply satisfied, and the interest will
vtirn to other subjects. You will find the
firuss here most anxious to assist yon. Fapers
ike the Daily Sara and the Times are so
largely read by the classes who have sub
scribed for Chicago, that whatever is pub
lished iu those journals maybe regarded as
before the eves of the donors.
THE INTERVIEW OF SEDAN,
VOLUME .25.
mi v fun her advanced than to-dav, and von
will have cm your conscience the blootloC
your- soldiers and that of ours, wlilch von
will have uselessly caused to be sbe<L Let a
moment of inortilientioii not prevail on you
to bleak up the conference. General Moltke
will convince you, I hope, that to attempt
resistance would be folly on your part.
All took seats again, and
General Moltke said: I assure you again
that a sortie cau never succeed, even if your
troops were iu the best condition. For, inde
pendently of 1 flic groat numerical superiority.
<»f my men ami artillery, I occupy positions
whence i can hunt Sedan in a fcwdiours.
lb esc posstious command all the outlets by
winch you would attempt to break the circle
that encloses you, and are so strong that it is
impossible to carry them.”
General Whnpfien. Oh, they arc not so
strong os you would have ua believe—these
positions are not.
Count Moltkc. Von do not know tbo topog
raphy of the' environs of Sedan; and here L 3
a droll fact which exposes your presumptuous
and inconsistent nation. At tbo outset of tbo
campaign yon distributed maps of Germany
to all your officers, when you had not tho
means' of studying tbo geography- of your
country, since you nad no maps of your own
territory. Well* then,' let 'mo'‘tell you t our
positions *aro not oujy very strong, bVit
formidable and impregnable.
General Witunffen had nothing to reply to
this stem truth. After a brief silence ho
said: I shall avail myself; General, of the
otter you kindly made inc at tbo beginning of
the conference. I shall send an officer to see
those formidable forcesof which you tell me,
and-on bis rctuni-1 shall take a decision".
BCount Moltkc (in adrytonc.) You will send
nobody. It is useless; you cau believe me.
Besides, you have not mucli time to reflect,
for it is now midnight, and by 4 o’clock to
morrow morning the truce will expire, and
I shall not grant you an instant of delay.
Genera! Wimpfeii (already abandoning the
plan of examining tho position of the enemy).
And yet you must understand that I alone
cannot undertake such decision. I must con
sult my colleagues. ami I do not know where
to find them nr this hour in Sedan. It is im
possible for my to give an answer by i o'clock,
and absolutely necessary that yon should
grant me a Prolongation of tho tmeo.
Count Moltko obstinately refused. Count
Bismark bent toward him and whispered a
lew words iu his ear, which seemed to sig
nify that the King would arrive at
o’clock, ami that it would bo
better to wait. Conn Moltkc, in fact,
arose nud told General Wimpfteu that he con
sented to a prolongation until 9 o’clock,
but that it would bo the last limit. The sur
render was by this time, in principle, decided
upon by General Wiwpffen, and ii he did not
sign it immediately it was only to save ap
pearances and to diminish tho responsibility
which fatally fell upon him, by dividing it as
much as possible-with the other Generals.
TUB COUNCIL OF WAR ACCEPTING COUNT
MOLTKE’S TERMS FOR TUB SURRENDER OK
SEDAN.
The following is the official report of the
decision of the French council of war which
was held in Sedan a few hours after tho above
interview took place.
lIIiADQUARTKICS AT SEDAN, Sopt. 3, 1870.
This day, ml Soplcm!H*r, at 0 o’clock in the morn
lug, u|emmcll of war mot at ilu» summons of the
Commanding General, to whk-hall the Generals
in command of divisions, tin; Chief of Artillery,
am! the Chief of the Military Engineers were In
vited. Tho Commanding General gave the follow
ing explanations “In oltedlenee to the com
mand* of the Emperor, and in accordance with
the armistice concluded between the two armies.
1 met General Count Moltke. Who bad received
fall powiTs from the King of Prussia, in order to
obtain the Iwat jMtssiblc terms for tht; army which
had Is-en driven iiilo the fonreio* after an unsuc
cessful batllc. After the first words of our inter
view 1 perceived that Count Moltke was
unfortunately thoroughly informed us to onr
situation. and knew that olir ariiiy
p-AH ucilher KiipnUed with provisions nor
ammunition; General Jloltko yoatorday gave me
to understand that lie had fought with an army of
•J2o.(kki men, which surrounded us on every side
“(Jenend,” lie said to me, wo are inclined to
irrsmt honorable terms to your army, which
fought so bravely to-day. These condition*, how
over. nm-t not be opposed to the demands of our
policy, Tho French army must capitulate. Your
troops will become prisoners of war. The officers
will retain their swords and their personal prop
(trty. Tho weapons pf tho men will bo depo>itcd
in one of the arsenals of the town mid surrendered
to us.” The General then asked tho Generals who
etunposed the cmmvll ol war wlielber lliey t'im
sbln-ed it possible to continue resistance. Tho
majority replied In the negative. Only two Gen
erals expressed nn opinion that an attempt should
Ik* made to defend the citadel or to make
a sally. Their attention was then
drawn to tho facts that it was impos
sible to defend the citadel, as the provisions and
ammunition were entirely exhausted; that the
streets were so crowded with men and earrhigcs
as to render traffic impossible: that under these
elreuiustaiiees the tire of tho enemy, who had
taken possession of the height* tinmnd the town,
would cause terrible ‘bloodshed 'without imy use
ful result, and that a sally was im|H>ssiblc;,lH.‘*-anso
llje enemy had already sclzisl tlio barriers of the
lawn and directed his guns against the narrow
ehtraiiees. On this the Generals withdrew their
apposition to the views of the majority. The
council of war consequently declared’ to the
Commanding General that;'ln consideration of
the material Impossibility of continuing the strug
gle, \vc ore compelled to accept the conditions
offered, as ever.* duhlY V.'oifftl expose Us to the
danger of painful consequences,
AYlmpffcu, Ducrol, Forgcut, Lebrun, Dounv, I>e
jeUU,
1 THE COLORED PEOPLE.
A«ldrr»« of ilir Noulhern Hlnic» f ourcnlioa
(it (’olumbin lo (lie I'eoplc of tbc United
bltue«.
Tin* Committee on Address of the Conven
tion of the Colored I’eoplc of the Southern
States, in Columbia, S. C,, reported tlio fol
lowing;
7b Mr I’fojrfr of thr Vnilctl Slates of America
i'KU.mv-CiTiZKNs: The colored people o£
the States of Alabama, Arkansas. Delaware,
Florida. Georgia, Kent ucky, Louisiana. Mary
land, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Car
olina. Tennessee, Texas, and the District of 1
Columbia, have delegated to us, their repre
sentatives, assembled in convention, author
ity to give expression to their purposes, de
sires ami feelings, in view of the relation
they sustain to the Government and people
of,the United States, under the course of
events that has arisen since, and as a conse
quence of. the war of rebellion.
WV owe to Almiirhty God and tho spirit of
liberty and humanity that animates the great
body of the people of this pountry, the per
sonal liberty and the rigbtsot citizenship we
now enjoy, and shall, under the promptings
of duty, labor for the permanence and per
foration of the institutions that have served
as tin* great instrument of consummating this
neliof justice.
In seeking more perfect recognition as
members of the great political family to
wliirh the interests of humanity have been
peculiarly committed, we desire to reedgnize
our obligations and responsibilities ns mem
bers of this great family, uml to assure the
American people that we stand among them
inibned with a national spirit—with confidence
in and devotion to the principles of represeu
talive popular government, ami with ideas of
policy that embrace every individual and hi
of our common count ry.
The fruits of the great legal measures that
were intended to establish our liulu.-* and in
terests on a common footing with all other
citizens of the nation, have, to some extent
and in particular locations, been withheld
from us by the prejudices ami passions left
iii the hearts of a portion of our fellow-citi
zens as n remnant 1 of funner ideas and associ
ations. .We need your aid and syhni.itliy to
complete the great work begun ami curried
on inour behalf. We desire to lay before you
tip' /acts of our ease in a brief but truthful
statement. IV«* have not at command the all
important instrument of local public l )reSf b
as the medium of communicating with you
the press of the South, with few exceptions,
being iu the hands of those interested to
lower us iu your esteem. We have deemed
'•ouventinu of our representatives to the
most elUcjunt means of laying Wfore yon tlio
trim state of our condition And feeling.
Since the close of the war a settled policy
)ms controlled the public and private action
ot the gre;\t biuly of the white people of the
,South toward ns. They have sought to hold
us in a condition of njodlded servitude. so
that-wo should not he aldo to'compete with
the industry of the country. They liavo not
been content to employ the advantages that
capital ami experience in public and private
aitutrs confer, but. have resorted to compulso
ry means, unsahettoued by {he laws of the
obuiiirv. the spirit of American institutions,;
and tho )i.nu*< ice of civilized nations.
Thelirst great effort Ijtpflnyjntoertcct this j
line of policy was perhaps moat conspicuous
ly displayed in the adoption of the code of;
liiir-:Voinmoiilv known as the “Black Code 4
passed by tho* Government of,
•fount Carolina m thoyeai ISfio, and followed
bv other States. It is unnecessary to give iu
detail the features of this svstem. It estab
lished caste of tiff Oriental type. It furnish
lit courts fur the trial of questions of caste.,
It nu»v|d»‘d for legal compulsion as a means of
procuring bur labor, anil fixing the rates of
compensation and rules of perforumnee. It
provided separate laws, civil and criminal,
ami Veparuu* court* h’ r their enforcement,
Finally, it allowed us no wfce itj the passing
of tUe laws that were to govern u» or Land
in tht> disposing of the proceeds of our labor
taken from us as taxes for {he support of tho
governments of our respective btates,
The action of the military' authorities, fol
lowed by that of Congress, and finally, the
amendments to the Constitution of the
United Stales, look from tho hands of those
seeking to establish a system of shivery scarce-
Ivies* objectionable titan that which had just
bocal overthrown, the means of accomplish
ing their pnj-po** through the forms of law.
Thu next'resort was tq subaiuliu and cr.r..
trOl, through the motives of favor nbd fi'rrt.
the political ami civil powbrs 1 conferred by
[ho liberum'.* the government. On the one
hand.'the friendship jmu POtronage of the
white citizens were ottered us tho cambium
<if complete political subserviency, while, oil
tin* other hand, threats of being deprived of
home* and employment a« the means of sulw
sislenci*, were made by the liindhuidet* anfl
employers of our pisportive' States,* These
threats were in many instances carried into
eficct. It was found, however, that tho ne
cessity that existed for our labor left in our
CHICAGO, TUESDAY; -NOVEMBER: 7, 1871.
hands i*ower sufficient to thwart the efforts
foroursnbjebtioii.'
To moot this new difficulty, resort was had
tunccTrt organizations, with a view to the
control of tho masses of the colored .people,
by the minder of the prominent representa
tive irftni'or’oiir-clakvaiid lO'tbtriimitiHoti'rtf
bodily pain upon a certain number of their
followers.. As the means proposed-involved
the commission of the bichest crimes known
among men, tho -protection -of onth»,-secret
organizations and disguises were resorted to.
We have been bunted like beasts by armed
and tQsguised bands; Many*, both itTeiT and
women, have been killed: vast number* luivc
received severe corporeal punishment, and
many more found shtdter in the swamps, by
day and night, from this storm of hiuunu
batted.,
Wc owe it to ourselves and to our govern
ment toacknowledge the efforts
that uro now being mactd‘fb bring' fbe perpe
trators of these crimes to justice. We are as
sured that theAmericaii people arc iucaraett
lo.sptnireto ns the fmits of tho- grWitMneafc
ures for our'civil and political haMlitation,
and that the Exoontivo anrMndicial depart
ments of the government arc thoroughly sin
cere in.tlieir determination to give effect t.O.
the constitution ahiT the'wlll of Congress in
our behalf.
WeasKyouAnat yon will give Uxthh gov
ernment the fullesfrmejusure of’inondsnpport
to ymuble .it to., complete. that wliich usn
ansjiiciously begun, and that minor differen
ces of sentiment and policy 1 may be hifsh'ed
while the nation is gathering up ‘its strength
to purge the* laud* of the* idiflcst‘crimes bv
the sword of justice. When the nation was
threatened witb-diriofon, politicaMifleMii'Cs
yielded to the necessity of maintaining its
territorial integrity.» Now that it is again
threatened from the vortex of passion and
crime affiliated, let the same devotion to right
and justice induce equal efforts top reserve
it* momUnt-cgritjV
While there remains anything to be accom
plished in order to secure, for ourselves the
full'enjoyment of civil ami political rights,
we shall have class interests calling'fnr tho
united efforts of persons of color. Tlio mo
ment- these rights are Kecuird,-the-motive3
for separate action will v amU, .m. com
mon with all oilier citizens,‘we can take our
places whenever the interests of the govern
ment, industry, and humanity may appoint
—recognizing only one- standard, of* mttV,'
interest, or policy for all citizens.
We do not ask .tho government and people
of the United States to treat us with peculiar
favor, but that, in the policy of the laws, our
interest may bo grouped with those that re
ceive the consideration of our legislative
bodies, and that, in the administration of the
laws, no indiviousdistinctions he made touur
prejudice.
1 We affirm that the colored people of the
•States represented by us luivc no desire to
strike on bnline of. policy, fordJiein action! u
voicing interests not common to the whole
people.
While we have, as a body, contributed onr
labor iu Jim past to enhance the.wealth-aud
promote the welfare of the coinumiiitv, we
have, as a class, been deprived of one of the
chief benefits -to be derived-from-itidusitrv.
namely: the acquisition of education and
experience; the return llmt civilizationmakes
for the labor of the individual. Our want iu
this respect not only extend;? (o'gelioWiT edu
cation and experience, such as tits the man to
adorn the society of his fellows, hut to that
special education and experience required to.
enable us to outer siu tebsfuliy the depait
unmU of u iliversltied industry,. .i.
Wc ask that your Representatives in Con
gress may be instructed tu such aid iu
extending education to tho uneducated
classes in the .States wo represent as mar be
consistent with tho financial interests of the
nation. Although we urgo our unrequited
labors in tho ‘past as thu ground this
id’uMi. wo do not seek *riiesb‘ benefits' ‘hit
ourselves alone, but forthc white portion cf
the Inlmriug class iu our States, whose need
is as great as ours.
lu. order, to secure the pjoiuotbmof our
industrial interest you can render us assist
ance. It is true we have no dcnians to make
Of the National Government in this respect;
but it is in the power of the United States to
aid us materially. In order to advance our
knowledge and skill iu the industrial arts. it
is necessary that wo should have the advan
tages of the means eiujdoyed iu the country
at large for these purposes. That iu pre
paring for industrial pursuits, and in putting
our skill iu operation, wo should come in
contact with educated and experienced work
men. and be put in possession of thu results
of their skill and knowledge. If tho trmlOs
and workshops shut against ns, we cannot
reach that point of excellence to which we
desire to attain. Wc ask your aid and sym
pathy iu placing ns on tho wnuo footing iu
reference to tho pursuit of industry as that
enjoyed by other cTtlkcnsr Tf, nffer'having
■access to the means of becoming skillful
workmen, wo fail to attain that standing* wo
are content to take rank among the
industrial classes of the country ac
cording to tho degree -of our profi
ciency. Should wo be excluded from these
benetits, a state of -litiugs most
hem-tidal to the inteivsr of skilled labor,
namely; the existence of a great body of
workmen K*ady to supply the market with
poor work, at cheap rates. While slavery ex
isted. the Northern States were not atYeectcd
by the low state of the industrial arts iu the
Southern States but labor being now free
to find the best market, it is beyond question,
tlie interest of the artilicers of the North to
raise the standard of proficiency at the
•South. It is clearly the interest of the great
interest industries of the North to strengthen
themselves by alliance with those at the
.'south. This result Would be practicable to
the fullest extent, if those of our color
throughout the>’orth oouid be placed in a
ixisltiouto bring among us the best knowl
edgedge and skill lit the depa'rtiiieffts'of trade
tc.which they belong.
Wc would do injustice to ourselves, if, for
getting our own personal indebtedness for the
blessings of liberty, and the pursuit of inde
pendence and happiness, to that outgrowth
of .Chhistiiui civilization, the benignant spirit
of our country and century, wc should pass
unnoticed the condition of those of our race
who are still iu the state of slavery; •■il'lio
public sentiment of this great nation, com
bined with that of-Europe, with tht* grcAf
offices of our government, is surely sufficient
to hasten the abolition of African slavery
throughout the world. Wo sincerely, trust
that expression may be given to such senti
ment as will attract the attention and inllu
euce the couduct-of tb(*se few fretuainiuc na
tions that still maintain shivery ns a legal in
stitution.
it is our privilege. in addressing yon. to
utter the vrtwo of 4/HX),(XIO of citizens'of this
great country. That voice is addressed .to*
those whoso immune fceliucHrcudend praoU--
cable that consnminatc act that elevated so
vast a body at once to tin* enjoyment of civil
ami political nianhoed. If is not too niiudi to
anticipate that partiality for the work that
owed its legal completion to you. will intin
enev you to watch carefully the development
of its praetical results; that no perversion
from the purposes of your ponut y shall pre
vent the lull fruition of the great principled
of justice that actuated yon.
’Hie growth of this na'rion has shown that
Its institutions arc capable of Mending into
an hunuonious brothcrliood nil nationalities
and interests awl Industrie*.' In all othlr in-'
stances than the accession of our nice to citi
zenship, the accretion of the elements of its
population has been gradual-giving time to
complete ujo process of ;tssiuiilatiivn. Iu our>
case, we are well aware that then? was much
to alarm tbo apprehensions of those careful
statesmen who hesitated to speculate ns to
the strength of «ur institutions much beyond
what was demonstrated by,the ptcfedcnVuu
parallel cases' in Kurope and in our own
country. The instantaneous embod
iment of four millions of citi
zens, who had for years looked upon the
Government as not only denying them, citi
zenship. but as preventing’ them from ae
ipiiring that capacity under unv other na
tlgUjd existence, was. it must be admitted, u
startling political foot.
But we arc happy to point'’to "the proof of
1 the'wisdom of those who regarded that
course t lie safestlliHl-w asindii-utmlby.(he de
mands of justice. We are proud to be able to
point to the history of our people since their
'admission to citizenship as proof tlmt they
understand what is due from the citizen to
VUe government owing him protection. Al
though they have suffered much at the hands
of those who would deprive them of their
rights, they have appreciated the difiieulties
and embarrassments that ncssarilv surround
ed the j'ttemntsof the government tpvimli
caterheir rights. anil have* p-.*l;ted hneom
plainingly until relief could be atlVmicd.; al
pUnttph many times they could have found
instantaneous relief by imitating their op
-I»rcssors and taking the law into their own
muds.
We would call attention to the fact that
the fopferrinc of citizenship on our people, i
though the occasion, is not the cpusc ef the j
agitations that have affected the country. The
true cause is the spirit of opposition to what
ever Is enlarged and selfish in our govern
ment, ami that does not inure to the exclu
sive interest of the privileged few which has'
seized inuiu the net of the government as a
means oi shutting out of the .Southern States
liberal and national ideas.
Wo ailinn, without fear of contradiction,
that the colored tdriKom* of the United
Stateshavo conducted themselves as good cit
izens. and have displayed aptnecstodischarge
thclr'civil and political duties, us well as an
intuitive tit ness for that form of government
winch vro justly regard ns the highest ex
pivwdon of civic wisdom.
Under these circumstances, and with the
C roofs of our statement ahmnlaut on every
and. wc ask your fullest coutideuco and
sympathy. We‘cannot point to tlis work of
njir fathers as commingled with Hint of yours
unhdiiobmsirpeipre Qtfioveninfcnt wc all
dclight'to tslmirouud to guard, we can
claim to nave embodied their animating
spirit as displayed in out devotion to the
truths fhaf thov inculcated ami onr zeal to
render their wefk jiammial"and imperisha
ble... ...j
SVitli tins lirief presentation o! our views
and foelinjjs, we I»ep to 'sulisrrihe ourselves,
in tiehaii of tliqse we ivnrcsvnt. very re
spectfully, yimr 'humble ami
ooedient'servams.
Robert 13. Elliott, Jas. il. Simtus, Richard
Nelson.-J; T. Walls, Isaac Myers, B. A. Bose-
C\Aut Q iue r J, F. Quarles, F. G. Bar-
DRY GOODS.
J. B. SHAY,
243 245 WEST MADISON-ST.,
TIIOWSOX BLOCK.
.Wehave mada extensive additions
to onr 'stock the past week, and, on
MONDAY, Nov. 6, shall offer onr cna
tomers a' COMPLETE' ASSORT
DIENTof
DRESS GOODS,
SILKS,
MBBONS, VELVETS,,TBimnNSS,
LADIES’ and GENTLEMEN’S' HOS
IERY and UNDERWEAR, FLAN
NELS, TABLE DAMASKS, NAP
KINS, LINENS, WHITE GOODS,
GLOVES, CLOAKS, SHAWLS, SUITS,
CLOAKINGS, SUITINGS, &c.,&c.&c.,
comprising the best-assorted stock of
DM il FACT GOODS
To be found in Chicago, and at tbe
LOWEST prices,
To which we cordially-invite in-
spection.
J. V. FARWELL CO.
167 Michigan-av.
We are daily opening fresh
lots of n OJII3 s TIC s,
PUIJTTS, COTTOA .I.VB
wooi. ixj.v.v/jls’, no-
SIEKY, .VOTIO.VS, At., At.
Onr JVew Building, 247 A’
249 Jflonroe-st., beticecn
Jtlarket and Franklin, tcill
be completed about JS'ov. 20,
when we shall be able to
again show our usual FUFF
IMIUFTi' inwall Depart
ments,
Simpson,
Norwell Co.
Will open at 343 West Madison-st, cor
ner of .May, on or about Nov. 8, with-a
full assortment of STAPLE and FANCY
DRY GOODS; which we will offer at'onr
USUAL LOW PRICES.
We will open onr Twenty-second-st
Store in a few days.
BRO^. L
Have opcnc<l with a
general stock of
DRY GOODS,
Corner JHirhipatfitr, A* 'Frrrntg‘irfonJ-*l.
PAGE FERRIS,
Formerly J. n. PAGE A CO.,
layeinuiMpis.
MAKTCSE’S HALL,
53 55 Ada-st.
Nubias, Scarfs, Cardigan Jackets,
Skirts and Alpacca Braids, Box and
Bundle Yarns, Shoe Laces,
Shirts and Drawers.
Having secured the unqualified approbation of oar
consignors by onr management of their interests here
tofore, they are. doing their utmost to make onr stock
as ctfoplcto as before the fire, and to-day wo hare In
stock the most desirable goods in our Hue to supply the
oredi of our Jobbing trade."
We Sell ta Jobbers Only.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
Weage,
Kirtland Ordway,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IS
Boots Shoes,
Are necolvinp a fall stock In their new store. No. 223
MJCIjIOAN-AV., opposite Tremont House, and arc
ready to supply their old friends and the trade gen
orally, The BEST GOODS AND TUE LOWEST
PRICES.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
fWiIL,HAio&TIOnSO»,
i JOBBERS IN-
BOOTS SHOES,
231 Michigan-ay., near Harrison-st.
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
INMANLINE,
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS,
CairjlDjf the Hallj between Europe ud
Incites. Steam twice a week between
aew Totk and Llieipool. Queens
town, Londonderry, Glasgow, and
Seandioacian, German, and
other European Ports.
a JSKSMf-£LCnI “‘voflSLf om,t Brtti,n
FRANCIS C. BROWN,
SCALES.
■fr FA ifiip D^s'
IcSCALES,
sk ww OT 4 11
ISgla Fairbanks, Grcenleaf Co,
“awlll SOUTH CAKALST.
PAPER,
PAPER.
Winnebago Mills.
We have a stock of
Wrapping Paper.
Flat Paper.
Print Paper.
Book Paper.
Tea Paper.
Twine.
•Inti in a few days can fill or
ders for all kinds of Paper.
fflMiiwirci
344 and 346 Wabash-av,
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
REED’S
Toils I Vii,
81 Sixteenth-st„
SEAR WARASU AV. A LARGE STOCK OP
PIANOS
NOW .ARRIVING.
Cy*Pricca to suit tlie timed. Pianos stored and ro-
Pldwd. A. REED SONS.
ROOT CADY,
Old MICHIGAN AT.
Geo. Stcck »mi itoot St Cady Pianos. Mason A Jlamlin
Cabinet Or&ans. Imported Goode, tfbcct
Music, and Music took*.
We are now prepared to All orders fur musical mer
chandise of every description nearly as promptly a*
heretofore. Onr sheet mniic and book caUlocucato
l.«doe reprinted with all pn.i-iblo df*ralch,oud goods ol
all kinds la our lino are dally arriving In largo gu»d
--lllii-j.
PIANOS AND ORGANS
TO RENT.
LYON HEALY,
287 West 3MCadison-st.
CLOTHING.
A.&H. KOHg^&CO.
WTIOLESALE
CLOTHIERS,
AND MANUFACTURERS,
Formerly at No*. II and 13 Late st., arc umr located it
No. 757 Wabasli-av.,
Near Sixtcenth-st.. uitn a gtxxl stock of
Cloltti, CM Triiiiis,
AVlu'ro thej* liopo to sec tbeir former friend* nndeus
totuers. A. *t H. KOHN CO.
OILS.
OILS! OILS!
Sperm, Lard, Whale, Tallow,
West "Virginia (pure), Eureka
and Golden Machine Oils, Paraf
fine, Sperm Signal Oil.
We arc prepared to furnish dealers and
consnmerß with any of the above mentioned
Oils, In quantities as wanted, at lowest mar*
ket rales* Send orders through Post Office,
or apply to
FMiiK, FECK k i.,
OFFICE AYR FACTORY:
Eighteenth and Blackwell-sts.
FINANCIAL.
SAFE AND PROFITABLE.
Xorllicru Pacific 7-30 Gold Bonds.
Tliftso bonds, next to covemrm nK Lave obtained the
popular s.tli-n. They an- iimplr Mccurrd bv thu
most munificent donatiiui of lain! ever cm-n bv-n
Eminent to a private cnriK.raUdu. .vo act.-* of
beside* the usual lien on ilu* mad-hed. roiling
stock, etc,, secure inch $1,0(0 J)».!iiL R«»mK M an ad
vance of 10 per ccut. an* receivable for laud* of the
Company at their lowest rash price. Honda, coupon
and registered, can lie obtained of
LUNT, PRESTON KEAN. BANKERS.
Comer of HaMcd and Raudolph-sts. Brunch office,
-('.<3 Wabash «v.
DRUGS AITD MEDICINES,
TOOIAX KI\G
Take pleasure In informing their friends and the trade
generally that they have opened at
.Vo. 53 West hake-st
With n now and tenipleU* stock of
Drugs, Chemicals, Patent Jlcdiclnes, Drag
gists’ Sundries, &c», Jwc.,
And are prepare! to fill all orders with their nanal
promptness.
RAILROAD IKON.
RAILROAD IRON.
1,000 tons 56-pound American
Bails; 2,000 tons 56-pound Eng
lish Bails, for early delivery in
Buffalo or Chicago.
A full stock of Lake Superior
Pig Iron, Scotch Pig Iron, Le
high and Lackawana Coal, for
sale in lots to suit.
A. B. MEEKER CO.,
376 Wahash-av.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS.
Lam Snons i Tcscahawas Vallet Ratiwat C 0..!
OrncK 5 Cask Block,
_ CLEVELAND, Oct. 2d. IsTL
BAILEDAD Ll-iTISO-wtvlcd proposals will bn tc
>*«ir(aj by the* undersigned until the sixteenth dar o'
N'ovembsr, for tba grading, bridging, masonry and
track-laying, of about fifty miles ol (bis road, commenc
ing at :seetiim Fourteen, a f<-w miles south of the cross
ing of the Atlantic A Great Western Railroad., nod ter
minuting at »w Philadelphia. The work will be di
vided Into sections of one mile each, and bids will be re
ceived for Ilia whole or any part thereot. Proposals will
also be received for one hundred and fifty thousand
U3O,W») white oak cross ties, to be delivered oa th»Hr.t
of rood. Flan*, profiles, aba specifications will be ready
for examination at this office alter the tenth proximo.
(.'HAUBEIIb.M.N, Chief Contractor.
Army Supplies.
OmcE PranustNO and Pitot C. 3., 1
Oxaiia, Neb.. Oct. 16.1571. J
Sealed proposals, fa duplicate, wll! bo received at this
office until 11 o’clock a. m.. Tueidar. tho-28th day of
November. Hit, .for furnishing l.Wa barrels of flonr.
The Sour tt> be delivered at the U. S. (.'onimi«.«an
Storehouse, In this city, on or before the 2Uih day of
December. 1871.
Proposals will bo received, subject to the usual con.
dltlons, heretofore published. J. W. BAURIQEk
Bn. Brig. Gen andO. 3.
NUMBER 92.
BUSINESS CARDS.
WINDOW GLASS,
PAINTS,
Oils and Varnishes.
ALSTON, DEVOE CO.,
Office and Warehouse,
30 to Cl North Dcsplaines-st.
BARNUM BROS.,
Toys and Fancy Goods,
Cor. Micbifi-an-av. nnri Van Btuen-at.,
Haro resumed business for the fourth time In this
city. We are thankful tint we still have courage, and
undoubted confidence In tbo upbuilding and success of
Chicago. Wo arc rcatly for buslness'wltb quite a com
plete stock, which wc propose to sfill at old prices, and
respectfully solicit vour orders and remittances.'
WILSON BROS.,
Shirts and Ellen's Furnish
ing Goods.
931 Wabosb-ar., S3 West Washlngton-sL, Chicago, and
Pike’s Opera House, Cincinnati.
Vergho, Ruhling Co.,
IMPORTERS OP
fIYS, Fit! Sit SBKISJTE.,
Have opened tlxelr Wholesale Department on
-llicliignn-av., bel. Vnnßnren and Congrcss-sts.,
Ami HU orders tw formerly. ‘Their retail store, 931
Stato-fiL; will be ready for oecnpatlou In a few days/
M. GRAFF CO.
Eave removed to northeast comer Mar
ket and Washington-sts., where dealers
can find a full assortment of CANNED
and DRIED FRUITS, and FANCY GRO
CERIES.
Orders from the country promptly filled.
BUILDERS’ HARDWARE
AND TOOLS.
J. K. TYLER,
260 State-st., late 41 State.
A fall stock of Hassell A Enoln Mfg. 00. LOOK and
K.NOU now open.
AGENT LA BELLE NAILS.
IE MU HlShlMl HUKE
OUT
By the Great Fire are ready to
supply the trade with Husking
Gloves at
101 West Lakc-st., Chicago, Ills.
Northwestern Type Foundry,
SIU.WAUKEE.
Tills foundry has now on hand fifteen tons of English
Hid Orman typo. It consists of all sizes. from non*
pared to pica. A half dozen drosses for lares sited papers
ran bo famished nt once, with leads* rules, etc., to
aivtch. Tbo Milwaukee Sentinel. News, and Vindicator
era referred to as samples of the type manufactured at
thl* foundry. For beaut; of face and linish, as well as
toughness of metal, the trpe male at thilfoundry will
compare favorably with the type sold by any other foan
-li yin the world. I have also several first-class presses
Slid jobbers for sale. J. A. NOONAN
A first-class electrotypo foundry is attached to th«
typo foundry.
October 22,1371.
Harman Jaoobie,
ALBANY, N.Y.,
Proprietor* of JACOBI E’S PATENT BBICZL Ua
CHINE.
''o are prepare! to (111 orders at once fbrthis mn>
chine. Those- intt-rested are Invited tocall at the Chi
.•ago Tribune Office and examine cats of the machine;
hJso, the eudnri-ement* ot the leading brick makers dr
Albany and Troy. This machine is constructed for
steam or water power; will make to.O» to 10,000 brick
of superior anallty lu tea hours. Circulars and full in
Formation gives.
Write BAUMAN A JACOBIK,
Albany, N, 7
Millard Decker,
Slalioucrs, Printers, Lithographers,
And Blank Book Manufacturers,
Temporary Ofllce and Store,
120 WEST WASHINCTON-ST.,
Manufactory and Works,
CORNER WOOD AND TYLER-STS.,
cmc.tGo.
DOW, MORAN Ac CO.,
PRODUCE COMMISSIOX MERCHANTS,
AND DEALKHSIN CHEESE. FLOITR, GRAIN, d-C.
70 nnd 7*i Wo*i l.nko-*r., C'hltngo*
j. b, nouns a* co
Produce and Commission Merchants,
ESTABLISHED- 15.*, 7.
We an' prepared to make advances on ronj*icnments
of (lour ami grain. Crain bought and solduu margin-
Ollice ,>s South t'anal-st.
SAVAGE, RKAHD A CO„
ImiMirtor* and Jobber* of -v
CBOCKEEY,
Also dealer.-* in China. Oiaaaware. Table Gallery, ctr.,
70 Wachlngton street.' Chicago. Agent.-* for
Collin.-* A Wright. Cantor Framed. etc.. riekersgill,
l.voti* <t CV-. Looking (Jlnnse-*. Diamond Glass Co.,
Gh*e>ware. etc., Pittsburgh. Fa.
J. M..Slino,.Kramer A^Ctn,
Announce to their friends and the trade generally that
they have temporarily located nt
5W STATE §XHEPX..
Near'Harmon CL-urt. wh«re they will open lasts*
diys, a fresh and desirable stock of
Notion*. Uosicry, Genii Furnishing Gootb.
etc
it popular prices. Orders solicited and promptly at*
(ended to.
Durands .V Powers,
Successors to Durand Bros. A Powers, and Durands,
Powers A Stead.
j WHOLESALE CCOCERS,
Corner West Washington and Green its., Chicago. 111.
Sow ready to fill all orders in oar line for old or new
cmtomqr*.
Rnmlcn Brqtliejcs 4
Inportjrs and Jobbers of Notions. Fancy Goods.
Trimming*, Button*. Lace,. r iioMery,- Clovcst
ijeriin Zephyr Uorsled Knitting Tarns, Embroiilerlin,
Leads. Ac., 373 and 310 Broadway, Milwaukee. WD
COUBIQ. j
Cbas, R. Messlnger.
Successor to Bronson 4 Messlaeer, manufacturer and
»nole«*le dealer it; Tol>acco, Snuff, and Cigtrs, 106, IQd,
and UOi Summit-st., Toledo. U. Orders solicited.
HALLi,
DEALERS IK.
S iLXaT.
Odes and dock south w««t err. Market A WubTngtba-sti
THE. GREAT RAILROAD
Clothing House
Of EXGEL <t LIVrXGPTON, formerly corner Van
Uurcn nn«l La* om-nttl araiu at TC3 SfirM.
pin., ivaoud door north. of
Cleveland' french,
Landscape Architects, <3iviJ Engineers, flTr
Surveyors,
i :!«t WABASH-AV,
SURVEYOR.
SASTL S. GREELEY, 364 Wabash.-av.
southeast corner of Harrison, in kitchen.
WE liiAßl. CO.
Kos. 30 and 32-Snnjh s
at their XEW a lull stock 01
Himiw are. Tin Phuo and Tlnnera’Stock.
J. MASON PARKER,
Xcgotiator of Chicago .Mortgages and Beal Estate,
Xo. 3 Boston Post Building, Boston. Hefei* to Hon.
Ja3»E, Jty. Hon. Hugh T. Dtykey. Hon. Marfc'Skinncr'
Window Glass.
D. E. SCUAKCK EONS.
Importers of
Plate and Window G1 >u, 27 Clitmb sL a
K«w York.
BUSINESS' CARDS.
B.F.NORRIS&CO:,
Wholesale Jewelers.
We are now i porjnaneaMy loc*ted at.
468 WABASH AT,
?i 1 5,.ii rs,r ”"l b ller "to* "f KoJrthanMor'
liuTitE PKMr d 01 a11 «no
fiend in Tour oilers,‘or oil and aeb ns.
D.p,lE.frß:& CO.,
Pork, Packers and Commission
Merchants.
Officer Star A Crescent 3IUIa, 2»d. 4 West Btadolphst
Grain andi provisions bought or sold for cub or on
margins..
PHOENIX
Coffee and Spice Mills,
14, 16, AND. 18 RI7ER-ST.*
Teas, Coffees, Spices, and Gro
cers’ Sundries. 1
FIU3.TIS WEBBER,
O TS T EES,
58 and 60 West STadison-st
CV'AllbrdON promptly filled as before the fire.
G.P.RANDALL,
ARCHITECT,
No. 59 West Eandolph-st.,
CORNER OF CLINTON,
BABBITT, AfflOtDffllßALl,
230 East Monroe-st.,.
Are prepared to mi orders
for ROOFING MATERIAL.,
SHEATHING FEET,
BtILDIiIG FEET, Ac.
GEO. H. FROST,
City Smyor Dranptsiaa.
600 Wabash-av., Basement
Having saved all my nbtea and plats of surveys and
Subdivisions made dnriiip tlnvp;ist live years, l am pre
pared to duplicate tlunn for. the bencllt of my many pa.
irons throughout the city and conuty. Surveys made
in all part* of the city-at old prices and their accuracy
guaranteed.
Mapping of all kinds done at reasonable rates. I in
vito all my friends to give mo a call.
MEAD HIGGINS,
Wholesale Grocers,
Corner West Washington and Grsen-ste.;
Have now in store a complete stock, and are filling all
orders with promptness*! the lowest market prlwwj
Keith Brothers
Have reopened a full and complete stock of hats;
cans, millinery, furs, buck cowls, .buffalo and fancy
robes, at their iitMvbrtck building, comer of Michigan*
av. and Wa>hiiigton-al.
All orders promptly and f-.dtlffully tilled.
C. Dalilgren’s
K ORTHWESTERN STEAM DYE WORKS,
120 West Randolph-st.
All kinds of Indies’ and gents’ garments cleaned ot
dyed in the finest style at funner prices.
Small lagaUs,
■LAW OFFICE,
33C Wabash-av,,
E. A. Shall, P. C I\gau&
Lato of Jewett, Jackson <St Small.
TTLUNGHAST, ALLEN CO..
WOOL, GRASS SEEDS, &0.,
Oitlee and warehouse opposite
306 MICHICAN-AV., CHICAGO.
Libemlailvnncea on consignments.
ESTABLISHED IN JAM.
JOHN
TAILOR A.NI> DRAPER,
Will open November®. with an entire New Stock of
Fine Goods, at his re.-ihleueo, tiro block.-* north of Dl
veray-av., on tin? Green Bay mail Take tlio North
Bide cam. jrontlemm. mid leave vwir nrdera.
Wholesale Lear Tobacco,
JOHN iI.MEYEB,
No. .291 Mlchlg(in-av,
Dr. V. L. lliirlbnt.
OfDco 50t Wabash-av.. Boom 2. sonthcoat corner Ilarri
tmo-fct, Chicago. Ofllce hoars Sa. m. precisely, 11 a. m.
to 12 m., 2 to 24 p. m., 7 to Tj p. m.
Boots and Shoes,
J. T, JKWBTT,
1001 State at.
I have opened my business at (he above comber,
where 1 have the facilities to meet the wants of mr
former patrons, as wtU os those who may favor me
with call.
U. IV. Rogers, Jr., Bro.,
FUODUUC. OOMIIISSION AND
SEED MERCHANTS,
10 West Bsndolph-st,
Parker, JLelz Co.,
Corner Dcsplalusa and Carroll its.
Successors to S; Parker. 1W Washington «t„ Con
tractors and Dealers loßailroad supplies.
BOOTS Aim SOOES.
EOOTS SHOES,
Boggett, Bassett Bills’
BEADQUABTEBS AT
599; WABASH AV.
'corner Harmon coojt, are now receiving a newitockol
BOOTS AND SHOES,
and are prepared to supply customers.
WTIXTNERY.
D. B. FISK CO.,
VHOLKSALE
ilerr ii Faacy Go*,
t57 West Wasliltigton-st.,
Offer (o.the trade, at UlO lowest market prices, a com
picie stuck of Millinery. Ladies* Fiiruhthlng, Fancy
Good?*, and Saudi Wares; genuine Bcrgmaim’i* Zephyr
■Worsted.-*, Germantown Wool Balmoral Yarn, and
Rond aud Machine Knit GouL* in great variety- Or
ders* solicited ami Kitlsfactlon guaruntec*L
TO RENT.
LARGE ROOM
i'i To Let or Lease.
47x00 on second floor, at 03 and n<t fi An
CnnnlW.., and .ni.abl,, f.“
wholeunlc bnmuMs. PrcPiiw. «.ti
i lmrc n »i ra m ®n
r Tp o pr y ib ,o T'i:
KELKOGGi an (he pmntNcn,
ghocerees.
MOIVDAV IVO VE/IBEJt a,
J. B, Hodges
Will open at 573 State-st ivitli
a full stock of staple and fancy
Groceries, Wines, liquors and
Qigark
STOVES AND FUKNACES.
BKOWX BROTHERS,
SOO £Mt Slonroe street,
i* (OLD PLACE\
i -MANUFACTURERS OF
Hyatt’* Patent Sidewalk lAchU*
AND HUNT'S CELEBRATED
"Dakota" Soft Coal Stoves,
lK r oto“ S 1110 oW m a bore, read/