fl-ocal anli 3tat* Netos.
Iloothhay is quiet; two or tlireo schooners
ore on the railway undergoing repairs.
The Kastport Sentinel comes out fn a dress
of bran new type, and will shortly be en
larged.
Thanksgiving will undoubtedly be appoint
ed at the present session of the Governor and
Council.
Myers Huntley’s dramactic company,
with Miss Fanny Herring, the sensation ac
tress, appears at Granite Hall, on Thursday
evening next.
According to the Telegraph, Urunswiek
has raised 8000,000,000 ,1'or the Chicago suf
terers. Nothing like a good local paper to
stir the people up to their duty.
I wenty-one boxes of goods for Western
sufferers have been sent off from the Congrc
gationalist chapel in this city, besides several
large boxes from the Universalist church.
In municipal court yesterday, E. F. Willis
of Gardiner was up for drunkenness in the
street, plead guilty, paid fine and costs and
was discharged.
llangor as well as Augusta is alllicted with
the nuisance of having adveitisements of
quack nostrums painted on sidewalks and
Cnees. The nuisance is one that should he
abated.
At the regular convocation of Jerusalem
K. A. Chapter, holden at Masonic Hall in
Hallowed, on Thursday evening, the sum of
one hundred dollars was appropriated to the
benefit of worthy Koval Arch Masons in dis
tress, in the State of Michigan.
To keep honey all the year round, lei it
run through a fine sieve to separate it from
particles of wax, then boil it gently in an
earthern vessel, skim off the foam which
gathers on top, and cool it in jars. After
covering these tightly, set them away in a
cool cellar.
The Pacific engine company of this city,
held their annual gathering and supper at
Pacific Hail on Thursday evening, at which
Foreman Ballard presided. Speeches were
made by the Mayor, Chief and Assistant En
gineers, Daniel Whitehouse, Esq., (’apt. E.
H. Ballard and others. The hall was neatly
.and appropriately decorated. Mr. Hart pro
vided the supper which the members and in
vited guests pronounced the best which has
been furnished the firemen for many years.
All were much pleased with their evening's
entertainment.
Among the business enterprises in Bath is
S. C. Bailey's sleigh factory, which is turning
out an immense quantity ot work. They
have to-day thirty-nine workmen employed.
They are running twelve and a half hours a
day, and are unable to fulfil their constantly
increasing orders for sleighs, sleds, and
rough material. This season they will com
plete 3000 sleds for the market. Each of the
four stories of their building is occupied with
machinery, and filled with the result of their
industry. They are turning out ninety pair
of hickory fills, ready formed, per day, for
which there is a great demand among carriage
makers. They employ a great variety of la
bor saving machinery, all of which is in full
Idast, while several new machines came this
week, which are now being put up.
In Wednesday evening last, about 8
o'clock, a child was heard crying near the
Academy building on Middle street. Hallo
well. On investigation it proved to he a boy
about seven years of age, who said lie had
been left on the steps of the Academy by Ids
mother, who had told him to wait there while
she went down to the post office. He had
waited until becoming frightened and chilled,
had left the steps and when found
was some two rods from the Academy.
He was taken care of by policeman Stone,
who afterwards returned to the place where
the boy was left, and about 10 o'clock the
woman, accompanied by a man, approached
from the direction of the Cascade. When
near the Academy she very cautiously called
fur “Johnny,” hut Johnny was comfortably
housed in another part of the city, and in Ids
stead policeman Stone appeared and confront
ed the guilty pair. The woman belonged in
Augusta and the man is a well known citizen
of Hallowcll. The frail female was provided
with lodgings at the station house and in the
following morning was allowed to depart with
“Johnny” for Augusta. It is probable
“Johnny” will not be left in like manner at
present and we withhold the names of all the
parties.
A gentleman from the rural districts, enter
ed a dry goods store in this city the other
day, and with a pompous air, as if he had
“stamps" to invest, approached the counter
and inquired of one of the clerks if they kept
flannel to sell. “Flannel? yes sir; what kind
did you wish for?" inquired the clerk. “Wal,
cotton flannel I gess, 1 bleeve that that's what
the ole woman said." “Ves sir,” and the
polite clerk took down a piece of goods which
the proprietor retails at twenty cents per yard.
The customer examined it with an air of criti
cal scrutiny, and asked:—How much d’ye
ask fur this ere, squire?" “Twenty cents a
yard, sir.” “Twenty cents! you don’t say?
Wal I want a quarter of a yard if you'll let
ine hev it fur four cents, can't give ye more’n
that,, no how.” “We have another quality
which we retail at eighteen cents,” said the
■clerk, and forthwith produced the article;
again the customer scrutinized the goods,
while the clerks, nearly bursting with sup
pressed laughter, awaited his decision.
“Wal,” he said at last, “I’ll giv ye four cents
for a quarter ova yard o’this ere.” “Can’t
sell it for that,” said the clerk wishing to test
his measure. “Well now, squiro hadn’t ye
better say four eonts and call it a bargain?”
presisted the customer. “Couldn’t do it,” was
tire reply. “Wal I’ll be darned if I’ll giv ye
mar’ll four cents till I've looked round this
ere city, and if I can’t do no better 1'il come
back and try ye agin,” and ho stalked out on
a tour of inspection leaving the faces of the
clerks twisted with laughter and buttons Hy
ing about the store. Ci.kiik.
Supreme Judicial Court. Dleherson Judge.
F'riday, Oct. 27th. The grand jury having
passed upon all matters presented to them,
cam-' in this morning and made report of
their doings to the Court, and were discharged
till the March term. The following is a list
of the indictments returned with the crimes
charged: Everett Temple, assault on an
officer; William 1’. Salford, larcery; Francis
Young als., riot; Theresa A. Symonds, ab
duction; Winfield Scott Harvey, murder;
Thomas Henry, larcery; Warren Moulton,
cheating; John Bubier, simple assault;
Same, felonious assault; Wilmot E. Hussey,
assuult and battery William Murpjjy. larce
ny Patrick Leary, larcery from the person;
Henry Clay, breaking with intent to steal;
Ira Ballard, assault und battery; Inhabitants
of West Gardiner, bail road.
It will be seen that Harvey stands indicted
for the wilful murder of Everett Savage. The
prisoner was brought in and arraigned, and
pleaded not guilty. At his request the court
assigned E. F. Pillsbury and Joseph Baker
as his counsel.
It can not at present be determined at what
time the trial of criminal cases will commence
—probably not sooner than the latter part of
November. The civil docket will be disposed
of first.
Several cases on the civil docket assigned
for trial to-day were arranged by the parties
and the court and juries saved the labor of
trying them.
The juries were excused till Monday after
noon.
Itrport ol (hr ((rand IMvlMon S. or T.
The Grand Division Sons of Temperance-,
met at Richmond, Oct. 25th, it being the an
nual session for choice of officers After the
usual preliminary business, and reports from
the officers, the following officers for the en
suing year were elected and duly installed,
viz: Joshua Nye, Augusta, G. \V. 1’.; Mrs.
Belle A. Small, Waterville, G. W. A.; H.
K. Morrell, Gardiner, G. S.; John S. Kim
ball, Bangor, G. Treae.; It. F. Tallman,
Richmond, G. Chap.; K. I>. Sampson, Rich
mond, G. Con. John C. Campbell, Pem
broke, G. Sen. A change in the constitution
was made, allowing but two sessions a year,
instead of quarterly as heretofore, those to
beholden in June and October. The next
sesion is to be holden in Dexter, the next an
nual session ill Oct. next in Portland. By
report of the grand officers, we learn that the
order is in fair condition, fully bolding its
own, some lodges doing nobly, some others
not so prosperous as in former times.
R. M. M.
Painful Arrldrnt.
AVe learn that Albert Burrill of Waterville,
an employee of the Maine Central Railroad,
was so terribly crushed while shackling the
disabled Pullman to the construction ear that
licdhd instantly. On account of a differ
ence in the coupling apparatus, he was
crushed in a space not more than four inches
wide. Burrill has been at work several years
in the company’s shop at Waterville and
was married about six months since. His
age was 35 and his friends reside at Pislion's
Ferry.
summary of Bellgluus Intelligence.
The I'niversalist society of Auburn have re
cently purchased a site for a new cburcli con
tiguous to that of the present, for which they
have paid $1,$00. The present church,
though of good size, elegant and as good as j
new, will not nearly supply the calls for pews,
The society, which is united and strong, will
erect a structure at the proper time which will
seat from seven to eight hundred persons.
Rev. 11. P. Guiltord of Reading, Mass., i
lias commenced his labors witli the Baptist
church in the beautiful village of Uluehill;
thus supplying one of the many important I
vacancies in the Hancock Association.
The Methodist Society in Dexter arc rais
ing their house of worship with a view to J
building vestries and library rooms, the whole
to be heated by furnaces. This is a very en
terprising society. The Sunday school is in
a flourishing condition.
At Richmond, on the last Sabbath, three
persons were baptised by Rev. C. G. Page,
of the Free Baptist church. An interesting
work is going on in the Sunday school.
The Waldo Congregational Conference lias
just dosed its session ai Frankfort.
The Ladies Society at Parker's Head have
raised a sum sufficient to paint their meeting
house, and fit it up anew, and still have a
balance in the bank.
Hon. John Muzzey of Portland made adona
tion last week of $25.00 to the ladies of the
India St. Universalist Society, to aid them in
purchasing material to make up their intended
Fair.
llev. Moses llanscom, much to the regret
of liis people, loft lirooklin last week, to as
sume the charge or one of the largest Baptist
churches in Maine, in Waldoboro.'
The Methodist Society of Cape Elizabeth,
are arranging to give a concert at their church
near the Ocean House, Wednesday evening,
November 1st, to pay off the church debt.
Some twenty-five singers from Portland will
take part.
The citizens of Couldsboro* are building a
meeting-house. The frame is already up and
boarded.
liev. I. J. Burgess, who labored so faith
fully and acceptably in the 1st Baptist church
in Calais for a number of years, and after
wards went to West Dedham, Mass., where
he has labored ever since, has received and
accepted a call to take the pastoral charge of
the Third Baptist Church in Middleboro,
Mass.
The Maine Congregational Missionary So
ciety have recently received a bequest of two
hundred dollars from Mrs. Solomon Slone,
of Hampden. This makes five hundred dol
lars which Mrs. Stone has given to this so
ciety. This amount lias been given nut from
her abundance, but by knitting socks and
making garments for sale.
The Second Adventists held services at
Baring last Sabbath, in the school room;
audience large and attentive, llev. Mr. Cor
ies, the Advent preacher at Milltown, will in
future hold a meeting in Baring the second
Sabbath in each month. He is an earnest
worker and a good man.
Rev. Thomas D. Howard formerly of Perry,
has recently been ou a dying visit to this
State. A good ileal pf his time for the past
ten years has been spent among the freedmen
of the South.
Rev. Mr. Harlow has been engaged to fill
the pulpit of the Congregational church In
Belfast during the winter.
A Catholic fair lias been liolden the past
week in Bangor. Tableaux, songs, and
heavily laden tables were the entertainments
offered and enjoyed.
The First Church in Newberg, Mass.,
has voted to extend a call to Mr. Samuel II.
Dana, of Portlnnd. a#member of the senior
class at Andover Theological Seminary, to
become their pastor.
llev. t rands Norwood, for many years
pastor of the Congregational Church, Phips
hurg, died in Beverly, Mass., Oct. GUi, at the
age of 74 years. Rev. Dr. Fiske of Bath, at
tended the funeral in Beverly and Rev. Mr.
Bell delivered a discourse in reference to the
event, Sunday last in Phipsburg.
Rev. Mr. Dunbar, of Addison, recently re
ceived a generous donation from his friends.
Work lias commenced on the new Congre
gational meeting house in Calais.
The meeting house at Small Point, Bear
Batl), is undergoing thorough repairs with
modern improvements, through tire efforts of
Rev. Mr. Field. A liberal gentleman of
Bath lias made a hadsome contribution for
the object.
Work is rapidly progressing upon the new
Congfegationalist church at Woodford’s Cor
ner. The tower is now up, and the vestry
will be ready for use in a short time.
The Christian denomination in York county
lias 13 churches. The value of the parson
age property owned by these churches is
815,300, and the value of their houses of wor
ship is $33,200, making a total of $48,000 in
round numbers; they have also a mission
ary fund of several thousand dollars. There
have been organized two new societies dur
ing the past year,—one at Maryland Ridge,
and the other at Berwick Junction.
The Ilailowell Y. M. C. Association have
recently reorganized and now hold meetings
every Monday evening in the Baptist vestry.
They also hold meetings in school districts
in the outskirts of the city.
The Franklin County Sabbath School Con
vention held at Strong on the 17th and 18th
ir.st., was a season of unusual interest. A
large number of teachers and others interested
in the Sunday School work were present, and
the various topics presented were earnestly
discussed.
Rev. B. F. Shaw (Baptist) will baptise
several converts to-morrow at Dexter.
The Congregational Chapel in Dexter, lias
recently undergone several pleasant changes
and improvements.
Work has for some time been suspended on
the Episcopal church edifice at Winn, but it is
resumed under the superintendence of Mr.
Taylor, and the building will lie soon com
pleted.
Buy tlie best article, the Halford Table
Sauce.
The American House, Boston, quiet and re
tired, with its large, airy rooms, lias no supe
rior in New England, its location on the ele
gant new Hanover street making it the centre
of business and places of amusement.
Parks Hocsk, Boston.—This hotel, con
ducted by Boynton Co., at 187 Washington
Street, is an excellent place to get a good din
ner or a night's lodging. Mr. Boynton is a
first-class caterer, and bis bill of fare the
molt reasonable of any hotel in Boston. Par
ties visiting the city will do well to patronize
the Park's House.4 Single rooms at 75 cents
and SI a day.
Oiurrb Directory.
ORTHODOX CONGREGATIONAL—Granite Ch
Stalest., between Bridge and Oak streets. No
pastor. Morning service 10.30 A. M. Evening
preaching service at 7 o’clock 1*. M. Preaching
to-morrow by Rev. Prof. W. M. Harbour of Ban
gor.
FIRST BAPTIST,—Corner Winthrop and Perham
fits. .1. Ricker, pastor; residence 29 Oak street.
Morning servine 10.30 A. M. Afternoon 2.30 P.
M. Evening 7 P. M. J'reaching to-morrow bv
the pastor.
FREE BAPTIST.—State street, north of Bridge.
(J. F. Penney, pastor; residence Summer street.
Morning service 10.30 A. M. Afternoon 2.30 p.
M. Evening 7 P. M. Preaching to-morrow by
the pastor.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL,—Green street,east oi
State. E. Martin, pastor; residence at the par
sonage, next door to the church. Morning ser
vice 10.30 A. M. Afternoon 2.30 P. M. Evening
7 P. M. Preaching to-morrow by the pastor.
PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL,—State st., between
Oak and Winthrop. Rev. Mr. Upjohn, rector.
Morning service 10.30 A. M. Evening service 7 P.
M. Preaching to-morrow by the rector.
UNlY'ERSALlsT,—Cor. Winthrop and Summer ste,
C. R. Moor, pastor; residence Winthrop street,
below Orchard. Morning service lo.So A. M.
Sabbath School service at 12 A. M. Preaching
to-morrow by the pastor.
UNITARIAN’,—Corner Oak and State sts. No
pastor.
CATHOLIC,-State st., north of Bridge. Rev. Mr.
O’Brien, priest; residence near the church.—
Preaching to-morrow by the priest.
Y. M. C. A.—Rooms in Darby Block, Water Street.
Regular weekly prayer meeting every Monday
evening at 7l* o'clock. Mission Sunday School
every Sabbath morning at 9 o’clock. Religious
exercises every Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock.
Rooms open to ali.
The Congregational, First Baptist, Free Will
Baptist and Methodist Churches hold social con
ference meetings in their vestries every Wednes
day evening, at seven and one half o’clock.
NORTH AUGUSTA,-M. E. C HURCH -Rev. F.
W. Smith, pastor; residence at the uasonage.next
door north of the church. Preaching every Sab
bath at 10.30 A. M. Sabbath School at *12 M.
Prayer meeting at 7 P. M. Preaching to-morrow
by Rev. F. Smith of Augusta.
M KT11 o l> 1 ST E PI SC O PA L, 11 ALLOW K LL.—Rev
O. M. Cousens, pastor; residence opposite chureh.
Morning service, 10.30; Afternoon service, 2.30;
Sabbath School 1.15 P. M. Preaching to-mor
row by the pastor.
SOUTH PARISH CONGREGATION A L, HALLO
WELL.— Rev. U. G. MeCully, pastor; morning
service 1030; afternoon service 2.30. Sunday
School 1.15 P. M.
BAPTIST C HURCH, 11ALLOWELL.—Rev. A. R.
Crane, pastor. Morning service 10.30; afternoon
service 2.30. Preaching to-iuorrow by the pastor.
FR E E 1 A PTI ST C HU KC11, H A L LOW'S EL .—IK v.
Mr. Heath, pastor. Services at usual hours.
U NIV E Its A LISTCHURCH, HAL LOW ELL.—Re v.
Mr. Paine, pastor. Services every Sunday.
Knights or Carthage.
MOUNT NJEBO CITADEL.—Regular Convocation
each Friday evening at Darby Hall, until further
notice.
fHarrieH.
In this city, 25th inst., bv Rev. Dr. Kicker, .1. W.
•Jones to Miss Murcia M. Craig, both of this city.
In Ellsworth, on the 1.5th inst,, Ehen I*. Griinlle,
to Mrs. Catherine Howard,both, of Ellsworth.
In Blue Hill, 17th inst., J. H. Morse of Boston,
Ma>s., to Miss Sadie C., youngest daughter of T.
M. Lord of Bine Hill.
In Eden, lhth inst., Jefferson L. Sminger of Tren
ton, to Miss Frances C. Humor of Eden
In Portland, ‘23d inst., William II. Buss, Jr., to
Miss Lottie V. Johnson, both of Portland.
In Scat-boro, ItJih inst., by Freedom Mitlikcu,
Esq., Simeon llariuon, to Alias Annie Allen, both
of scar boro.
In Bangor, Richard Jaques of Newbury, Mass., to
Miss Martha E. Dole of Bangor.
In Herman, 23d inst., George T. Rowe of Bangor,
to Miss Mary A. Taylor of llermon.
33lcU.
In scarhoro, 25th inst., Mrs. Elsie I*. Ricker,aged
27 years and 9 months—daughter of the late S\ Iva
nus Ling.
In Livermore, 15th inst., Nicholas Sweetser, tor
merlv of New Gloucester, aged 78 years.
In ‘East Auburn, 23d inst., Marcus Seabury, aged
02 years.
Dissolution of Copartnership.
riMIE Copartnership heretofore existing under Urn
1 Arm and style of IM’NT A FELLOWS, is this
day dissolved by mutual consent.
GEORGE HUNT,
J. it. FELLOWS.
Augusta, Oct.21,1871.
Tim undersigned will continue the business of the
late tlrmof Hunt A Fellow s, will pay all hills
against, and receive all money due said arm.
UEOKUE HUNT.
Got. 21,1871. ocUl-tivv
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE
Daily Kennebec Journal.
EUROPEAN NEWS, &c.
London.
London, 27. Cardinal Antonetti is seri
ously indisposed and the gravest apprehen
sions are entertained.
All the I'esth journals publish warm ap
peals td the people to hold a meeting for the
relief of Chicago.
fjir Roderick Murchison was buried to-day.
The services were attended by a large num
ber of distinguished personages, including
Gladstone and Prof, lluxter.
Count Palikao the last Minister of State
under empire, publishes a pamphlet in justi
fication of his conduct.
Ice has formed in the Baltic and there is
danger of interruption of navigation.
Monpensier in a letter to the President of
the Spanish Congress, informs that body that
he will take his seat as soon as his daughter's
health permits.
The steamship Aleppo from Boston touched
Queenstown.
The German Parliament has adopted a res
olution ratifying the treaty with France.
It is reported that the French national as
sembly and government will return to Paris
before December.
The government of the Portuguese colony
of Goa on the west coast of India has tele
graphed to the government stating that a re
volt is threatened and asking assistance.
News Front California.
San Francisco, Oct. 27.
The latest details of the Los Angelos hor
ror give a worse version of the riot. The
mob it appears were actuated solely from ani
mosity of race and a desire for plunder.
The witnesses before the coroner’s jury were
apparently reluctant to give their testimony,
fearing to implicate two Irishmen, who boast
ed ol assisting in killing Chinese. The
Chinaman who shot officer Baldwin has been
turned over to the authorities by the Chinese
themselves, Only four of the rioters have
been arrested. From 814,000 to 8110,000 and
all the valuables belonging to the Chinese
were carried off by the mob, and even those
arrested were robbed on the way to jail.
The accident on the Central Pacific Rail
road yesterday, has not resulted in any
deaths, yet none of the passengers who are
residents east were injured.
News from Boston.
The coroner’s inquest on ICatie Lehan, vic
tim of the Longwood murder, continued
this afternoon. Nothing new in regard to
the casu was illicited. Mahoney, Howe and
Leonard, the three young men arrested on
suspicion, proved themselves innocent of
the charge and were discharged from custody.
Stephen Hayes is still held and will be ex
amined Monday. The officers as yet have on
clue to the murderer.
A fire in India street to-day damaged the
stock of Second), Kehem Thayer, oil and
candle dealers $3000, and building $5000;
insured.
The Weather.
War Department, i
Office of the Chief Signal Officer.
Washington, Oct. 27.—7 P. M.
Probabilities.
The low barometer in New York and New
England will probably move eastward, fol
lowed by bri.-k and possibly high northwest
winds on the east Atlantic. Fresh north
westerly winds with partially cloudy weather
will continue on Lakes Erie and Ontario,
and lighter winds on upper lakes. Clear and
pleasant weather will continue in the Middle,
Southern and Gulf States, with light anil
fresh winds, and cloudy weather and local
rains in southern Florida. Dangerous wifids
are not anticipated for Saturday, except pos
sibly off the coast of Maine.
Fatal Accident.
Lowell, 27. This evening the train from
Salem to Lowell, run over and killed Augus
Mclntire near the North Heading station. He
was sitting on the track witli a fowling piece
in his hand.
News From Washington.
Washington, 27. The first deposit on pos
tal account has been received from Sitka,
Alaska.
The public departments will he closed to
morrow out of respect to the late Thomas
Ewing.
A despatch from General Walker, Super
intendent of census bureau and special In
dian agent, to Secretary of j the Interior,
dated North Platte, 25th, says "I have had
a satisfactory conference with Spotted Tail,
and have placed Handall in full charge of the
Indians who go south to-morrow. I strongly
recommend a temporary trading post at lied
Willow, forty miles south of McPherson.
Gen. Emery highly approves. I go to Chey
enne to-morrow.”
The commissioner of patents refused the
application of Samuel W. Francis of New
pert, for the extension of the patent for print
ing machines.
Chicago Items.
Chicago, 27. The republican and demo
cratic committees finally agreed upon a
union ticket for city and county officers, with
Joseph Medill for Mayor, David A. Gage
city treasurer, John A. Jameton superior
court judge, W. Fuller circuit judge, and
Artemus t arter State senator. The officers
are equally divided.
Lumber and brick dealers are demanding
extortionate prices. A number of cargoes of
lumber received from Milwaukie will he sold
at fair prices. Brick makers are here from
Philadelphia seeking orders, and it is ex
pected that prices will soon decline.
There were more vessels in the harbor on
Monday and Tuesday than any other forty
eight hours in the history of Chicago.
News from New York.
New York, 27. The citizens’ committee
appointed by the board of supervisors, re
ported tti is afternoon through the sub-com
mittee. AU works for the city have been
thoroughly examined, and the charges there
for rigidly scrutinized. The amount charged
to the cost ot the new court house building
and furniture, is §8,140,000, and §5,280,000
is charged to the county courts and offices in
the same building, making a total of §1,341,
C00. The whole cost of the building w hen
completed could not honestly have exceeded
§3,000,000. The committee further report
that §3,221,000 were paid for armories and
drill rooms, the real value being §200,000;
for lumber §463,000 was paid; real value,
§18,000; for advertising, stationary and
printing. §7,168,980 was paid; real value
§1,500,000. The loss to the city is §19,519,
Bertha Smith, 11 years old, took a dose of
poison yesterday because she was punished
for taking money of her father to visit a fair,
and died in great agony.
Judge Barnard to-day said the (fuestion of
I fees for Receiver of tho Krie Railroad ought
to be decided by the U. S. circuit court, but
he would render a definite decisiou soon.
The assistant treasurer to-day paid out
§275,000 in gold on the account of November
j interest. The total thus far paid is only
I §3,275,000.
The Baltic Lloyd Steamphip Company of
Stettin, contribute another $1000, and the
German chamber of commerce 9ent $12,000
to-day for Chicago.
The Post states that a suite will be brought
agiinst N’a.haniel Sands to recover $75,000
as commissions paid him him for selling city
bonds.
Tweed was served with an order of arrest
early this afternoon by sheriff Brennan.
Tweed stated that he was anxious to go be
fore the court. After a long consultation
between the counsels, bail to the amount of
$2,000,000 was furnished by Jay Gould, Ter
rence Parley, Hugh Hastings, Barnard Kelly
and B. O. Fairchild.
Another suite is commenced in the Su
preme Court against Tweed by corporation
counsel O’Gorman, in behalf of the board of
supervisors, charging him with a corrupt con
spiracy to defraud the city by fraudulent
charges for work and materials, to be tried in
this county.
In the Itosensweig trial this afternoon the
prisoner testified that he had been known by
other names, and that the soiled clothes found
in his house after the death of Alice Bowlesby
were his wife’s who had been delivered of a
child a few weeks previous. The woman in
white who came to bis house and alleged to
have been Alice Bowlesby, was another girl
named Nettie Fox.
Sheriff Brennan ha9 orders of arrest from
.fudge Leonard for Ingersoll, Garvey and
Woodward but they cannot be found.
Bail for Miner and other counterfeiters ar
rested last night, was refused to-day. The
trial will be on Saturday.
Telegraph News in General.
Portland, 27. Judge C. W. Goddard of
the superior court, who has recently received
the appointment of j#9tmaster in this city,
to-day tendered his resignation as Judge to
the Governor, to take effect as soon as his
successor i9 appointed.
St. Louis, 27. The jury in the Ellicat
murder case on the trial at Garnet, Kansas,
returned a verdict of murder in the first de
gree.
Providence, K. I., 27. Steamer Astra of
and from St. John, N. B., for New York,
went ashore on Block Island, on the mernlng
of the 26th in a thick fog. She will probably
come off after discharging if the weather
holds good. She had previously lost a deck
load of laths.
Jacksonville, Fla., 27. William Scott was
executed to-day for the murder of Kosamond
Carlin and two small children on Feb. 5th.
lie was cool and spoke not a word. The
knot slipped and his neck was not broken,
but he strangled to death.
Indianapolis. Ind., 27. Gerome Brooks
was hanged to-day at Delphia, Ind., for the
murder of A. W. Salter last April. The
prisoner manifested a stated and careless in
difference to the last moment. He was
granted leave to place the noose around his
own neck
FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL.
Hew York Money Market.
NEW You*. October 27.
Gold dosed at Hi
United states Sixes ;eoupous), 1881: 116 a
5-20's 1862, 1US.3
11**.™
1865, 114 V 3
1865. Jan. ft July, 113V3
1867, 113V«
1868 11:1V 3
10-40’s,.coupons) 109 V 31
Pacific sixes,
Centra Pacifies! 101Va
Huio n “_86 V a
New Vork .stock Market.
New York, October 27.
Mariposa IV i do pld., IV Canton Co. 68 Cum
berland Co. 38 Western Cuion Tel. Co., 60V
quicksilver Mining Co„15V; Pacific Mail, 47V;
Boston Water Power, S7 Adams Ex. Co., 82 V:
Wells, Fargo ft Co., 50V: American Merchants Un
5JV; U. S. Ex. Co., 54 N. Y. Central ft Hudson
River, 88 do. scrip. 83V Erie, 28V do. plil. 61
Harlem, 120 do. pfd 121 Beading. 107 V Mich,
t eutrul, 116 Lake Shore and Michigan Southern
96V Illinois Central 133 Cleveland ft Pittsburg,
124 V Chicago Jt North Western, 59V do. pfd Sc V
Chicago ft liock Island, 99V Mil. ft St. Paul 55
do. phi., 75 Toledo, Wabash ft Western, 57’,
do. pld s4 Pittsburg ft Fort Wayne, 96 Terre
Haute, 16 do. pfd 50 Alton, ll'-'i do, pfd 115
Ohio ft Mica., 36V Boston, Hartford ft Erie. 2
New York Produce Market.
New York, October 27.
COTTON—sales 1339 bales: mid. uolands 18V,
4 LOCH— 1S2U0; state 6003 730; round hoop onio
6 85 3 7 40; western 00J7 65; southern 71 ,a9 30.
WHEAT 116o0obu; No. 1 spring 15O3I 57 ;new
60 2 do ;winter red and amber western 131 4156.
^CORN—116000 new mixed western 794SI;
OATS—sales 51000 western 51 §52
l’OKK— new mess, 12.75 4I.S.00. old. OotO
00.00. prime,
LARD 8 steam: 9V310 kettle,
BI TTER—\\ est’n.UOgOO; state, 12*30.
WHISKEY Western lYee, 95
RICE—Carolina, 7’, §8V
SUGAR Porto Rico, g Muscovado, 9 a 10
Chicago Produce Market.
Chicago, October 27.
KLOUR—spring extras
WHEAT—No. 1.141
CORN—50
OATS— lor Xo. 2
RYE-Xo 2,61
BARLEY-37 lor Xo. 2.
MESS PORK— 12.73
LARI>-h*fl.
live hogs—.
RECEIPTS—aouQ (lour. 3a.(XX> wheat 31,000 corn
11,000 outs, 131XX) barley, 000.1XX) hogs.
SHIPMENTS—3UX) Hour, 118,000 corn 00,000 oats
170000 barley 0,000 hogs.
Cincinnati Produce Marktt
Cincinnati, October 27.
MESS PORK—1150
CARD o«,
BULK MEATS—sides 8
WHISKKY-90.',er’ cll‘arrib(:’G skies
SI Ale NEWS.
The Pejepscot National Bank at Bruns
wick, has voted to continue business, and has
elected Capt. I.. 11. Stover, N. Uarpswcll, as
Cashier.
We understand by people from the section
of country around Bangley lakes that snow
fell there last Wednesday and Thursday to
the depth of some twelve inches, and that
sleigh rides and coasting were the order of
tlie day.—Farmington Chronicle.
Boswell C. Harris of Bath, had a valu
able gold watch stolen from him the other
day.
Capt. ltobert Given launched anew schoon
er of 150 tons, at his yard in Brunswick, on
Monday 16th.
List of Patents issued to citizens of Maine
for the week ending Oct. 24
J. II. McMullen, Biddeford: Bovine
Frame.
S. L. Gould, Skowhegan; Paper Pulp En
gine.
C. B. Stuart, Winslow; Single harness.
N. T. Worthlcy, Brunswick; Meat Chop
per.
Under date of Oct. 13, 1871, 273 patents
will he issued. During past week 885 appli
cations jjn 62 caveats were filed.
The Musical Convention at Skowhegan,
(widen this week by Prof. L. W. Ballard,
was a very successful affair. Concert* were
held on Thursday Friday evenings.
The rails on the Knox Lincoln Hailroad
have been laid to within less than a mile of
Kockland, and it is expected that trains will
run to that city by Tuesday of next week.
The new custom house at Portland is now
occupied. j
Caleb B. Lord, Esq., of Alfred, has been
appointed Assessor of Internal Revenue for
the First District. Mr. Lord has been a
member of the Legislature, and also Clerk of
Courts for l ork county, and is well qualified
for the office to Which lie has been appointed.
a ?tei0Wu of, <-,rriDBton having erected and
finished a handsome new Town Hall, the cit
izens will celebrate its completion and open
ing this Saturday evening.
One thousand boxes of smoked herring
were shipped in one week, lately, from I.u
bec.
The Whig says that the house and barn of
Geo. Carter at North Searsport, were burned
on Sunday night last. The origin of the fire,
which was first discovered in a chamber, is
unknown. Insured for $800.
Colby University, according to the cata
logue just published, lias 8 Seniors, 13 Soph
omores and HO Freshmen, one lady being in
cluded ia the latter. Fiffy-two is the total
number of undergraduates. This institution
deserves a high degree of prosperity, having
placed itselt in the front rank of progressive
institutions by increasing the list of its elec
tive studies, admitting women and greatly
enlarging its facilities for giving instruction
by adding new buildings ami making ample
provision for the wants of the scientific de
partment.
The Dexter Gazette says that at Dover
South Mills, there is a child now nearly a
year old, which is bright and active, but has
no eyes. In the same neighborhood there is
a girl 12 years old, who, as if to make up for
the lack of vision in that section, has eyes as
large as horse—or rather a horse’s eyes.
Notice has been received in Brunswick of
the death in Massachusetts, of Mr. Joshua
Webb, formerly of Brunswick, aged 8fi.
The Ellsworth American says that on
Tuesday of last week Horace Sperry, a work
man in the saw mill of J. T. Wallace at E.
Sullivan, about 23 years of ago, fell off of a
log, into the pond, and was drowned. On
the following Saturday, Copt, Thos. B. Hill,
accompanied by his son Ellwood, his nephew,
illie Simpson, son of G. E. Simpson,—and
David Graham, son of Aaron Graham, start
ed in a skiff to go to Sowards Island, in
Flanders Bay. On the passage dowu the
bay, by some accident the skiff was upset,
and Graham was drowned, After clinging
to the boat for about half nn hour, the re
maining three were rescued in a very ex
hausted condition, by Capt. Hanna, of
schooner-.who was going down the
bay outward bound. Young Graham was a
promising young man about nineteen years of
age.
The Saco Democrat says that one morning
recently, a gentleman in Saco stepped into
his stable quite early and thinking lio heard
groans, a search was made and a man found
so chilled that he could not make himself un
derstood. A restorative was applied and he
was soon able to walk but not to stand. He
proved to be an Irishman, and said he was
from Nova Scotia. lie was taken in charge
by the proper authorities.
The Lewiston Journal says that two young
men of Saco, went out to the beach gunning,
last Saturday. In the course of their pream
bulations they came near an apple tree on
which an apple was espied. One of the men,
Daniel Lowell, clubbed his musket, a double
barrel shot gun. to knock the apple from the
tree, and in the attempt the gun was dis
charged, and the charge took effect in Lo
well’s leg, making quite a severe, though not
dangerous, wound,
NEWS BY MAIL.
Tlie President Thursday morning appoint
ed Caleb B. Lord Assessor of Internal Rev
enue for the first district of Maine.
A despatch from Washington states that
the President will appoint Thursday, Nov.
23, as a day of national thanksgiving. The
proclamation will soon be issued.
Another terrible colliery disaster occurred
near Newcastle. England, Thursday after
noon. An explosion tonk place in the Sea
han mine, nnd^ thirty-three men were buried
in the pit.
William B. Stokes, an ex-Congressman,
and now supervisor of internal revenue for
3 ennessee, was arrestsd in Washington
Thursday, charged with defrauding tlie gov
ernment to tlie amount of 800,(XIO.
A lecture on the Chicago fire was delivered
Thursday evening in Tremont Temple by
Gen. James A. liall ot Maine, the proceeds
being devoted to tlie Chicago relief fund,
lie gave a general account of the situation
and divisions of the city, and narrated some
incidents of the fire which fell under his own
observation. He believed that the fire was
tlie work of incendiaries fur tlie purpose of
plunder.
The colored convention at Columbia, S. C.
finally adjourned on Tuesday, having organ
ized a national civil rights association, of
which Representative Elliott of South Caro
lina is elected president, and Representative
Rainey of the same State treasurer, with a
full list vice-presidents from each of the
southern States. A national labor union
which will hold its first meeting in Memphis
next June, was organized, and resolutions
thanking Senator Sumner for bis letter and
suggestions to the convention passed.
Hon. Thomas Ewing, father-in-law of
Gen. W. T. Sherman died Thursday at the
age of 82. He was a native of West Virginia,
and, witli his father’s family settled in the
wilds of Ohio, about 17U2, where he enjoyed
tlie advantages of a winter school and an
academy. He received the first degree of
A. 11. ever granted in Ohio; and he studied
law and was admitted to the bar in 181(1,
practicing with success in the courts of Ohio
and the Supreme Court of the U nited States.
In 1830 he was elected to a seat in the United
States Senate from Ohio, where he remained
until 1837; he was a member of President
Harrison's cabinet, as Secretary of the
Treasury, in 1841; on the accession of Pres
ident Taylor to the Presidency in 1840, he
was invited into the cabinet, and took charge
of the new Department of the Interior; and
in 1850, he was appointed to a seat in tlie
United States Senate, where he remained un
till 1851, when lie retired from political life,
ami resumed the practice ot his profession in
Ohio.
The reportthnt the German Arctic expedition
lias discovered the open Polar Sea brings to
mind the second expedition of Dr. Kane and
his perilous overland journey to the point
from which ho saw, in the inaccessible dis
tance, tli# waters of an open sea. This dis
covery, though met at the time with some
questions, is supposed to have been confirm
ed by the similar report of the German ex
pedition. It is curious to find that no less
than seven expeditions are now engaged in
Arctic research—two from Germany, one
from Sweden, one from Scotland under La
ment, one from Franco under Pavy, and the
expedition from the United States.
EXCELLENT BARGAINS.
Prices Low ami Terms Easy.
A TWOfel'OUY L.iiroom*; M
XX cellar and efotern; now stable; large lot and
a number of fruit trees.
A cottage house of seven rooms, and lot.
Several line building lots,
Terms easy. A]»i>ly to
E. W. WltlTBlIOCSt.
Ollice: freemans Rank line,
se*w| Augusta, Maine.
For Sale.
AUOOi> 0 year old Cow.
J. II, ARNOLD, j
GRANITE HALL
J. C. Mjfrs l J. H. linnilry, Waaagm
Throo Nights Only
■And One Matinee.
Engagement of
Fanny Herring,
T'fK PET OF THE PUBLIC and the STAR OF
THL LAST. Supported by the MetroiioUtan Thea
tre Company. Also
F. A. MULLER,
The renowned solo violinist. Full Brass Band A
Orchestra.
Thursday Evening, November ltd, 1871.
The Great Sensation Drama entitled,
the little dectective,
Or Two Loves and a Life. MISS HERRING In
(0) six ili-vtuiut characters.
Price* a* Venal.
Tickets for sale sow at .1. F. Pierce’s Book Store.
Saturday Afternoon at a 1-a o’clock.
GRAND MATINEE.
Prices reduced. II. W. MAYNARD, Agent,
octet-f7t
KENNEBEC SAVINGS BiNKT
Deposits made on or before the
First Monday of any month
will l»e dated back to the First
da v of the same month.
On May 1st and November 1st of each year a div
idend of tlie Net earnings of the Rank will be made
on all deposits standing at thoee dates, which have
been on deposit one ftill month.
Dividends as soon a* declared aie added to the
principal, thus compounding the interest every six
months.
Loans made to depositors on depositing their
Bank Book as security.
Office in Freeman’s Bank Building.
J. L. ADAMS, Treasurer.
sepB-tAwGm
WAIISWOliTH k SMITil,
MERCHANT TAILORS
Call special attention to their ttork of

FINE WOOLENS,
Gents’ Furnishing Goods,
READY MADE CLOTH I MG,
For This Season,
Comprising all the
NOVELTIES*
Which they arc prepared to make Into Garment*
that tor
Style and Workmanship
Cannot be Surpassed.
Call and Nee our fioods and Work*
Cutting Done at Short Notice.
TVo. 135 Water St.,
Nenrly Opposite Cony House.
ocU7-t!y

Team for Sale.
HOUSE, Harness and Covered Beach Wagon,
with two shitting seats. Just the thing for
Grocery or Sewing Machine business, or family
use. Will be sold very cheap.
C. L. SPAULDING.
Hallowdli, Oet. 26, 1871. |St*
Plumbing.
HAVING added Plumbing to our business, we
are now ready to do work in the plumbing
line.

Williamson Greenwood.
maril-ttf
vkimr i
This ia an age of inquiry and people are
beginning to realize the magnitude of the
jvU caused by the use of injurious compounds
Tor the hair, which are prepared and forced
into market, by men who are not practical
physicians, ana who may not be aware of the
injury they are producing. These prepara
tions have been analyzed by competent chem
ists, and shown to contain poisonous sub
stances, causing Nervousness, Headache, Par
alysis, and often fatal results.
In contrast with such injurious articles, we
call attention to the Hair Restorer prepared
by Dr. R. Greene, Superintendent of the Bos
ton Medical Institute, who has been a suc
cessful physician in Boston for more than a
quarter of a century. Dr. Greene uses Veg
etable Remedies only, and can assure the pub
lic that this Hair Restorer will do all that is
claimed for it, without a possibility of injury.
l have tested a sample of Dr. Greene’s Hair
Restorer, and find that no poisonous metals or
injurious matters exist in it.
C. T. JACKSON, State Assayer.”
The use of this Hair Restorer for twenty
five years has tested its superiority as a dress
ing, and its power to preserve the hair and
scalp in a healthy condition. It remove*
dandruff, prevents the hair from falling off,
preserves its natural color, restores it when
prematurely gray, rendws it soft and glossy,
promotes its healthy growth, and is the best
dressing ever discovered. While other prep
arations are sold at almost any price, Dr.
Greene's Hair Restorer has sustained its good
qualities, its price, and its reputation. It is
prepared by Dr. R. Greene at the Medical In
stitute, 34 Temple Place, Boston, and sold at
$1 per bottle, or six for $5, or sent by *x
press to any part of the country. Pamphlet
sent free. Address Dr. R. Greene, 34 Tem
ple Place, Boston, Mass.
SoM tiv L. II. TITCOMIt. Druggist, Augusta,sole
agent lor Dr. Greene’s Hair Restorer ami Scrofula
syrup.
Maine Steamship Company
NKW AHRA.YUKKE.NT I
Hoinl. Weekly I.lno.
_ IAN and alter the IMh inst., the
W h»e steamers DIKIGO ami
FRANCONIA will, until tuither
Leave Galt’s Wharf. Portland, every Monday anil
Thursday at 5 o’clock 1*. M., ami leave Pier 38, East
River, New York, every Monday ana Thursday at 8
The Dirigo and Franconia are fitted np with fine
accommodations for passengers, making this the
most convenient and comfortable route for travel
lers between New York and Maine. Passage in
State Rooms, *3.00. Cabin Passage, *4.00. Meals
extra.
Goods forwarded to and from Montreal, Quebec.
Halifax, St. John, and all parts of Maine.
Shippers are requested to send their freight to Ike
steamers as early as 4 P. M., on the days that they
leave Portland. For freight or passage apply to
HENRY FOX, Galt" Wharf, Portland.
J. F. AMES. Pier 38 East River. New Toth.
Portland. Max X0 isos. ha