6
BEUISTRATIOS,
To-Day tho Last Opportunity That
"Will be Afforded Voters to Register
•—List of Registry Places.
UMc Judges of election of the several precincts In
Ihln city will be at the places Indicated below between
Ibe hours of Ba. m. and 8. p. m. of to-day, for the
rurpoic Cf registering voters. Shanties have been
creeled for the purpoic in the burned district. This
Will be the last chance afforded citizens ft qualify
themselves aa voters previous to the election, and
every man should avail himself of the opporiunilv.
-Theregistry places are a? follow*:
First Ward—-First Prelncr. No. 98 Fifth avenue;
Second Precinct, No. 49 Wabash avenue: Third Pre
cinct, No. 99East Madison street; Fourth Precinct,
Second Ward—FirstlPreeled. No. 15*2 State street:
Second Precinct. No. 292 State tired; Third Precinct,
Ato. 159 East Van Derm street.
Third Ward—First Precinct, conn? of Peek court
Shd State street; Second Precinct. No. 4*o South
Clark street; Third Precinct, No. cru State street;
fourth Prr-cinct, No. 963 State street.
Fourth Ward—First Precinct, No. 763 Michigan
ffVsnue: Second Precinct, No. 99 Twenty-second
street; Third Precinct, No. 1103 Slate street; Fourth
Precinct. No. BtS State street.
Fifth Ward—Flr-t Precinct, northwest comer
Twenty-ninth and State streets; Second Precinct,
southwest comer Twenty-ninth street and Cottage
Grove avenue; Third Precinct, southeast comer
Douglas place and cottage Grove avenue; Fourth
Precinct, northwest corner Dougina place and State
street.
Sixth Ward—First Precinct, No. 76 Archer avenue
Second Precinct, No. 20 Wentworth avenue; Third
Precinct. No. St Hanover street; Fourth Precinct,
HeftlyHaU. Archer avenue; Fifth Precinct, No. 831
Archer avettu«*.
Seventh Ward—First Precinct Bohemian Hall, cor
ner Eighteenth street and Canal port avenue: Second
Precinct, No. 772 Daisied street; Third Precinct. No.
105 West Polk street; Fourth Precinct, northwest
comer Blue Island avenue and Twenty-second
street.
Eighth Ward— Fitst Precinct. Maxwell, near Canal
street; Second Precinct, northwestern corner of
Mearheraud Jefferson streets; Third Precinct,'cor
ner Union and Ml'cbell streets: Fourth Precinct, cor
nerofßrnwo and Maxwell streets; Fifth Precinct,
comer Tlinx p find Sampson streets.
Ninth Wain—First Precinct, comer Harrison and
rati! Ftneta; Second Precinct, corner Canal and
Fcniucr streets; Third Precinct, comer Harrison
updbcfplaloea streets; Fourth Precinct, corner Do
Rovcn and Despliiuce streets; Fifth Precinct, comer
Tajlorand Morgan streets: Sixth Precinct, comer
Polk ►trio* and Blue Islnid aieuue; Seventh Pro-
cir.ct. ou„;ai' bouse. No. 31 B!oe Island avenne.
Tenth Ward—First Precinct, engine house, .lark
eon, near Clinton street; Second Precinct, engine
boute. c*Ti;cr Washington and Clinton streets; Third
Precinct, c*or -r Madison and Green streets.
Eleventh Was *l—Firei Precinct. No. 104 Milwaukee
Sc-c* nd IVoclnct, Nos. S’* and 41 Milwaukee
avi-nne; Th»rd Precinct. No. 129 West Lake street;
Fourth Ptivii ct, corner Lake and Sangamon
streets.
Twclfih Wa-,l—First Precinct, com r Klnzlc and
llnck3r*-tii*c!n:Si-c ml Precinct, N0.447 West Ran
dolph rtre-ft; Third Precinct. No?-. 422 and 421 West
Madison rsr* ct.
Thirteenth Ward -First Precinct,7l9 West Madison
street; St Precinct, corner of Madison and Ho
bey street,.; Third Predrul. r-'mer of Oakley and
Madi.-on ►tri-<-i*; Fourth Precinct, corner of Western
•ivrone amt M-idbon street. _
Foutte'-vili Ward—First Precinct, comer of wood
and Cain p street?* Second Precinct, f4t?rman school
hon.-e. Fu ton. between Rokc> and lloyne streets
Th'rd Pn dvrl, No. 121 Western avenue.
Fif.centh tVarrt—Flr-t Precinct. N*». 172 Milwaukee
avenne Second PrrciccL No. 336 Milwaukee avenne;
Th'rd Precinct. Nn. 4tS Chicago avenue: Fnnrth Pre
cinct. No Til Milwaukee avenne; Fifth Precinct,
co-.r.er of E Men «wune sml Hanson street.
Hixtocnili Word t Ira* Pr. cin't- corner Willow and
Hsbted-t*e< Second Prediret. No..flit Larrabcc
ttroe Tid’d Precinct, No. 716 N~r‘h Wells street.
Fc?i nte. n‘i. Ward—Fir-st Pr.-cinc*. corner of Lv
raWc and Hoe* i-trect*: 'Second P,telnet. No. 354
Sei]gw ck ftre.-t; Thlid Picr;ort, rom-r of Wells and
Schiller kj-iv{-; Fourth Precinct, No. 457 North
Clark elite:.
Kiphtw-Mh M’nrd—Fir*t Precinct, N0.'23 1-2 Chi
cago avenue; Second Precinct. No. 07 Chicago
avenue; Third Precinct. No. Ut3 Chicago avenue;
tv Mfth frcebict. No. 124 North Market street.
r ileeuth Ward—Flt>t Precinct, No. C 26 Hush
street* I’recir.cl, Turner Hall. North Clmk
Hrool* Th r rcC^uCt corner of Chicago avenue and
Ward—First Precinct. North Market
tt,}| Pn A lc n »rttct comer Clark and O.u.trio
corner of Huron and WMls
■JJJJSH: S’ Chicago nv.smic and Uu-b
lp:i™TKc £c T’<».' n !r onv u,r ,I l
frUCCto.
OTY AI'FAIIW
Kclicf from Philadelphia.
By inadvutfucr, 'ho following, written foftfJr' pa
per, got niblrid. In the harry of our first issfft-. No
city has Ihi t. touched to the heart more sensibly 'hnn
rhlladelphin, and it has won for Itself a nev? title to
the “City *>r Brotherly Love. 1 Jtuv. Sl*. Tnitlo
flopped o-cr st Philadelphia to attend a luectlas
tailed by HI- Honor, the Mayor, to raise money for
Chicago. d le dcscrihrd the meeting us such an
One Cb ho i•• r hetoro witnessed in his life for enthu
siasm end genuine outpouring of lilieral elfle. He
slated to it.': Major that ho bad heretofore been the
n’t-sserg; r l n.lrota Chicago to the people In
fomarcl.e. lowa, and to the starving In Ka-isas, but
now be v.m* retting Ms face toword that tlricla ncUy
:o furct r tin’ needy,the sick, and the dying/'
Notwiih-iai ding the people were In the midst
of au ixii;!ii: vScc'inn. cvcribodv give up
*beir bu-iiu to h--1j» tTilcago. The Mayor's office
wan thr<i:i;.'< o m Hi the sterling mon of Philadelphia,
md 11 o\ nur Till checks anil hack notes, of all do
oruii.'jl’o. s. tinning from S.V» no t.'r«,ooo, and the
l iimavwH* r« t i-d when Mr. Scott rolled up 5.00J
for hlnisclt. r.n>. for the Pennsylvania Central
t* iv ;.u judge-nmctbltu: of the character
ul the iMtliT .in -.lie fact that on«- tlrtn. which had
lest liO,Ui*h;. th- tire, snV.sciihed l,d*o. audit Is sail
that Nr. Tilth- naa Mr. I’ai'eock. of Chicago, who
wete prevent. wept like children at the noble •onti
maids cxpn—'i-iT, and the tm-elflih (muring ont of
money hue* un«d- without stint. Ono hundred
llu'v.snid dollar- were raised in one hour in cash,
and still fm- yi od woik went on.
Field, Letter Co.
Wecopy the rol’owing from the New York Daily
Jivlltliu. In justice to Field. Letter X Co.
Ji lits rtfeioncc t«»« co;>:nl by Ttic Tai
nt nk aud other 0-ira;;o paper*, from the Xew York
.s en. a lew day* biace: **Tbc rtateraen: resardlng
bleats. Field, filler X Co. meeting tbetr creditor*,’
viucu appeared in some of the m.'»rnlLg oapv'ra. yes
terday, is entirely unfounded. That firm'arc already
making payment?, rind propose inw.liig their piqwr
promptly, ‘diliar for dollar. They have taken the
car-house ot the State strict Horse Ktti’ronl Com
pany, at the comer of Slate and Twentieth r.trce-a.
and arc naur-ecting burine?? b th iu a whole
sale and retail way. Their new boUdlnc.
at the foinrof Market and Madison ftreeu.
will secu i e <vis>pl-tcd and ready for oc
cupancy. Thin Ituildimrlo be iGUxtSJ feet, two
flories and and ia built of brick. When
finished, il will be occupied ns a wh.desabi store, and
the retail bn-iuc-o will Is* continued, for a short lime
at least, in the var-tu>a?c."
Desertions.
The candidate* onthehcaUwastieket are already in
confusion, and are dt-*crth)£ men other in hoi hn-te.
Another dou’ l- headed “conventnm" i# to he held 1
to-day to repair damage?. The best thing to do is to
i££ke an enrolment of all the dead-bents of both
political pa:lh«, ftud order a draft every lime a candi
date drop? inr the ticket. Hy turning the wheel
vigorously till electi*m day. they may kev-p some
of a patth-woik ticket together. That la the oulv wav
|bcj caa do U,
Belief of Firemchc
J.E. Chadwick, Treasurer of Firemen's Relief
I*umJ,tckm»vv bilges, with tbatiks, receipt*, as follows:
Cel. 36, from 11. O. SiKhy. for Seneca Palls Mann
factoring SSCC; Oct. 19, from Firemen's Relief
Association, Memphis, Toon.. I.COU; 0ct.20, from
notion Firel>rpar.ment.y.biW; Oct. Sifl, from Relief
£look end ladder Co.. Cedar Rapids. lowa, M; Oct.
tv. from Council ItloJTs, lowa, F.re Department, lus;
t)it. 27. from Indepca nt Fire Company No. i, I’orU
u'onth. Ohio, K 4l t)ct. 27, from Montreal (Canadal
tire ItciAiimmi.r-S; Oct. MU, from H. F. K. As?ocla
th n, cßouretlcr, 31m~5..57.50. Total, I.tJTO.OO. Tlu'ro
biij also been jcci ivod from the St. Louis Fire Depart
ment, 1.0'.-Cincinnati Fire Department. l.O.Kl;
Uceton FircDi partment.S'Vi. Total, 6.5*5.50. The
tbroc latter amounts were sent by committee? who
were Inslruf tco to distribute illhemselvos, which h:*3
Uui-n d. nv.
Announcements.
The Second Tn’-ciuctof the Eighth Ward registry
pace i? tl the umthweet corner of Meagher and Jof
icrson t;r,*ct“.
—The regular monthly meeting of the Managers of
the Home of thu rricndlces, wilt be held at 10 o'clock
this murmng at tbt* Home.
—R v. Robert Cotlyer, In answer to manv letters
from the Er.s inviting himvio lecture ou “The Chi
cago Fire,*’ writes “I do not expect to be able lo
leave Chicago this winter on any long journey and
!f 1 1 worn otherwise, it would ettll b« impes ible for
mo lo lecture on this great calamity at present, be
cause the pain of it still prereea 100 hard upon ns ail;
and then 1 should feu) ashamed to take advent igo of
tbocapiis! market for snch wares just now, and so
gel a big price fora'poor article.” ,s*a^
Miscellaneous.
Burglars entiTi d the clothing store of Raldartft
Hro.. No. 221 Wist Twelfth street, early j-cetcrdty
morning, and carried off about (2.01)0 worth of goods.
—Mayor Brush, of PUtsburgb. and party. Josepa
and H. Thompson. Secretary of the Liver
pool. Locd n *t Globs Insurance Comjuny, arc at the
Sherman Uourc.
—A Chicago bootblack, mts a D-'trolt paper, has
Just bought 1900 worth ol property in that city, paying
tor the same in ID-ccnt pieces. It took hours to count
the funds. Tills was all earned lathe legitimate
Sb’nc 'em up trade" in fire years.
—The body found In the river, near Indiana street
bridge, on Monday afternoon, has been recognized as
that of Cornelius Collins. He wa« a tcamater. and
been misfing since the STlb Inst. HU wife and three
children live at No. Gil North HaUtcd street.
—A special train from Pittsburgh arrived in this city
last evening, consisting of two coaches filled with la
dies, who come to sec what they can do to aid the
Belief Committee in taking care of the sufferers. The
committee is headed by the daughter nf Mayor Brush,
of Pittsburgh, who Is himself in Chicago at the bead
Of the Belief Committee from that city.
—Jacob Kline died at No. 256 South Clinton street,
yesterday, from the effects of a blow on the head, re
ceived on ibe night of the fire. His dwelling was In
flunet, and while moving his household goods into
the street, he was attacked by two men, who attempt
ed to steal wbatho bad to his arms. He resisted, and
one of them struck him on the head with a shovel,
—The etorm of yesterday commenced In Chicago
about 8 o clock In the morning. Two hours nre
viouily a dijystcb bad been received bens from lbs
We ather Office, In Washington. pre*dicriug the tact.
WithU a few days a flag-staff will bo fixed on the
northern end of the Lloyd block, from which a fisc
by day, or a red light by nlghuwiu give w&rulu* of
the approach Of such storms. Tbs signals will doubt
law prove of neat benefit to our lake marine.
—A colored man named Georgs Aiamo. aud a white
fTOatfi, who is said to be his wife, reached, here yes
teeday com Milwaukee in custody of an officer, thay
having been arrested in that city with some stolon
goods in their possession. Adams and tbs woman,
before the fire, were in the employ of Ur. Thomas
X.ynch, and when his residence wss endangered, he
delivered to them S6OO worth of wearing apparel and
ailki for removal to safe quarters. They disappeared,
and their whereabouts were unknown until a
despatch w&i received from Milwaukee, notifying
bupetinteedent Kennedy of arrest. AU the
property wss recovered.
Bm>BClTbera to the Mercantile AC«nor<
Ourlwßd office in KevrTorkbu tent c\by express,
this morning. special edition of our Keferenee
Northwest. Thl* will beriren free to
aubaedber* who hare lost them by the ILm. Cali or
»ead to our office, No. 893 Wabash arenne, for s
R don oo„
Chicago, Oct oL g. w. BROOK, Manager,
Comfortable Wlnt.r QaarUn.
One of the most timely ui Ktl or
K«eroslty ceiled onl by ih. p,, v 6f
alesira. Pearce Benjamin, proprietota or the Ute
AdemaHonee. nbo, althonxh thamn to .offering
enormous losses,'yet retained their elegant hotel at
Dyde Bark, the doors ofwhlch they threw wide open
to the homeless withoutdistinction, Inviting all to
aoceptortbclrbOfipltaUty gratnjtooaly. it U need-
W» to state that too msraanlmoae offitr was accented
Tory euttcrofisly, ud that the Dyde Park
Hole! was filled to overflowing with the unfor
tunates. Nearly all of these have now provided
tbemttlvcs with quarters of t heir own, and the Hyde
Park Hoare, with lie beautiful location, elegant and
home-like accommodations, and non al, whoD-unnlcd
proprietors. Isouco more available to individuals or
families who dcrirc a quiet, comfortable hitno for
the winter, at reasonable prices- The hotel 1- located
two miles south of tho citv limits, on the shore of
take Michigan, andean bo reached by trains on tho.
Michigan Central and Illinois Central Italic oads, at
alruor: any hour of tho day and night.
PItOBADLE nCUDEB.
Tho Barkeeper of a Blao Island Avenue
Saloon Assaulted by Two Buffi ana and
Shockingly Stabbed—Escape of the As
gallants.
About 6 o'clock kAt evening. Timothy O’ltalleran,
barkeeper at No. 33 Bloc Island avenne, was attacked
by two roughs, one of whom slabbed him three
times. The assailants names are Fat Jennings and
Pal MccNamey. Both were drunk when they entered
the saloon, and, after they had drank a glass of whis
key, refused to pay for It The
barkeeper told them they most, where
npon they requested him to go to a place
somewhat wanaerlban tho South Side was on the
night of the fire. Be paid no attention to their
ebaslve language, telling them that he did not want
to bandy words with them, or have any disturbance
in the place. The two men then walked behind the
bar and seized O'Halleran, and, after boating and
kicking him. Jennings pulled out a knife and stabbed
him three times. The wounds arc In th* left thigh,
in the body, and In the neck. Blood flowed from
each In a stream, and the Patricks, realizing what
had been dose, ran out of the door, and disappeared
intbo darkness. There were many persons lathe
saloon at the time, bat the affray was
so quickly over, and tho fact that
O'Halletan wes cut being unknown to them,
no one attempted to prevent the escape of the des
peradoes. When the wounded man sola be was stab
bed, several of those present started In pursuit of the
men, but could not overtake them. Dr. Banks was
called in lo attend O'Halleran, who was removed in
to a room In the rear of the bar-room. He examined
the wounds, and pronounced thorn serious, and
thought that O'Halleran was In a critical condition.
The police were informed of tho occurrence, but at a
late hour last night had not succeeded in finding
either Jennings or McNearney. Tho former Is a
well-known tongh, of the late Bock Holbrook order.
BELIEF OF THE NOItTIIKUN STTF-
Kvport to the Milwaukee Belief Com
xnlttee—The IVorlc «f Supplying the
l>eatitate*
From th* Milwaukee Pentlnel. Oct. .11.
Mr. Gocrgc Godfrey, sent ont as a special agent of
oar Belief Committee, returned from the north on
Saturday, and made the following report of his trip
and tho pTogrese of tie work of tupplylng the desti
tute with the necees&iiea of life:
Milwaukee. Oct. 30,1871.
Chairman 3fihrautf( Rtliff Commit'#
Deaf. Hie In accordance with your request I went
north on the propeller St Joseph, on Wednesday,
with some article? for the relief of tho anfforera by
ihe late fire. Finding Mr. Wing, Connty Clerk of
Kowsnocc Connty, at the boat, la chtrgc of the goods
for Kewaance, tt was arranged that I should go on to
Ahnepee, which I did, arriving there on TharwUy
evening, when I tranrfened iny charge to thu Relief
Committee of Ahncpco. Mr. B. Schwariz.Chalmiaa.
Ob Friday morning, in company with Sir. Schwartz,
I act out to visit the burned district* and we spent the
day in exploring the region. The weather was severe*
ly cold, and flakes of snow filled the air. The timber
land, much of It very valuable, had been ravaged by
previous fire*, and looked very desolate; hat the
pathway of the great fire, whicii swop; np from ths
couth os that memorable Sunday n.ght, presents a
heurt-sickcnlng appearance. From two to four orflrc
miles wide In places, and extending north and south
Indefinitely, so far aa 1 could sec, forcals, fences,
bams ®&d houses wore swept away, farming tools
and household furniture, Carri d oat Into tho fields,
fared no belter than those left In the house. Pumps
“In the well-were burned off to the ground. Inmwy
Instances the wills arc artesian, from which It Is
i impossible to cel water without pumpa. Large
quantities of live atoct were burned to death.
Of the loss of life the public la generally Informed.
In one spot In the town cf Uriels aoao thlrly-slx
persons were found and buried. Other more Isolated
Wtsucea were discovered; in one ulacc three or four
children were found on tholr hands and knees, with
their beads against a largo slumn, dead in this position.
In most instances the victims bnd apparcmlr died
wlii.ont a struggle, probably killed outright by the
first hot breath which they Inhaled. lu all, pr.joably
•no honored cieon? have i»cri.hed In the town j of
Lincoln. Umbels and Forcetvllle. 1 have the mm a
of tome thirty-four families in the town of Lincoln
aggregating some o*.c hundred and seventy
jH-Tvciis—men, women, and children—who sur
’ve.but In a homeless and destitute condition.
town of Forrstvitle, ami contiguous to
In d looWog to that place ;or relietnrc
Ahtcjae. -Milica, aggregating a*-fr.V Dar
foni-. Ifccrei.S-JfJejßi: Alin.peo, but I did not
crcrs ln
'ISF.
HaobeN" 0 11 Door and Kewaunee
r-S 5 h ibt. town* of Lincoln ud
t 01lt:llC-, -'WS OulW WJD mo ,-j U-A-.I Ikrtinrr ct.ip I
Urocele, goods were xrrirlng •.^,S^ a Pin!?. l i^
hi the b:.in of Kiigcnu Naze, in tv c i u^/^ c
These goods were from Green “P*
signed to Ch»e.Mane. Some nine or \J^J r l 2'*Sj
arrived thereon Friday, consisting Uy r ”?H r
M.d ptovifeiou.-s with some clothing. Tncse,
lion to what wasalrcndy in Wore nt tbcl place, °r
pongordway to lelicvlng the immediate preev' l
necessities oftlic pci pie.
In tie wjiv ot lood ib.-y arc tolerably well supplied
for the present. Of old cast off clothing there Is a
"ood store. but the erv is for blankets, quills mid bed
ding. Hay ami feed lor the surviving eat lie ore ab
solnlelT neee.-sarv. In order that the j-coplc may
help tiierr.telvis,* they moat njeserve their cattle.
There is m- grass nor browse*' in the vvowls. Hoards
to lover the'’log cabins whkh they are now putting
rp aic ludi-.ii usable; t-lovcs to warm them ana
cook their food are lacking; those, with all their
nieii'ilts imi't be supplied. Many of the in
habitants, astounded and bewildered bv thacaUmltv,
were nboKt to fee from the country, but upon learn
ing tLi.it reiivf was coming, they nave plucked op
courage ar«l are going to work to nspa.r, as far as they
cr-n, the grow; damage. and gel ut-oa their feet again.
The nilional and best disposed of the com-miuity arc
doing itil they can to eccountgo them in this resolu
tion. nmi with the aid from outside and their own an
df.-nr.r-. 1 Ls'c no doubt but in a few years smiling
plenty and peace wit] again dwell It- that nowetnek
en Ijt.u.
KOSENZVTKKJ,
JIN Conviction aud Sentence.
Fr* m the New Y» rk World, IVi. 3).
I 111 llll‘ .'l** I MIS VI ss*. V*.
The jury then retired. The court room
rap'itlv tbit ued. Ro*cnzwcig was taken back to the
jj-nronerV V.c\ sufl locked up. Ills wife and daughter
•-waited in the cotut room for lha news of the couvlc
turn or reh ?k*. The court officer? passed a«av the
moim’iit*. cr.lmlal ng on the lime the Jury Would re
main out. r nd the character o- the verdict they would
render. Tlurocawe a rumor from thojnry room that
iho «r rire Jurors would not render u verdict of
[“guilty,” hud betting was free. Hut After an Lour
r*cd a hell's ntwcr.cc the jury came In, and It was at
once iecu by their Mill, sum faces that they had de
cided on guilty."
Rosenzwt it' w«s put forward to the bar. Recorder
ilnckelt and Judge Hi dtuid ascended the bench, the
IMf-irlct Attorney and Mr. Vnmlcnroort, the Clerk of
the court, assumed their places, and there was snch
a silence in the court room that the crackling of the
reporters' piper was heard. Mr. Vaudcrvoort—
••Have yon act red upon n m rHict, gcutUracnl" Tb<;
Foreman—“We have." Mr. VAod’Ttort—“Rdsinr.-
nile.yiaqd o-». 1 limner. Iftok upon the jary. How
jen, AcuueiucD.-doyott find the prlr-oacr guilty
or null" The Foreman—“OnlUy of nnaslanghter in
the second degree, with a rccomnandathM to mercy.
There was a sound aUtbroi.gr the court room as if
allliad drawn along, deepb.vflth. Th? recommen
dation to merer wan given to appease two non
agreeable jurors, and Recorder Hackclt knew U.
Hr-renrwclcV wife at.d danehter leg* l forward over
the roiling of the witness box. On his toTßtiil exam
inariou hy ilr. Sparks Unsenuwcis said ha was a phy
sician. 89 years of ago: and then,ln reply to the ques
tion what he had to say why sentence should not l>e
S renounced, actually had the brazen effrontery and
inie courage to stand np and hay, 1 am nut guilty,
sir." without a tremor in Mb face.
This took Recorder Hackoll by surprise, and he
shvddcrcd. He recovered in a mliute and said:
Uotentwelg, no man knows better than von that
whi-nyon, with a steel instrument, on that Wednes
day. performed the Abortion, the poor girl flooded
nnitl Thursday uiuht; that she grew hotter on
Friday; and that "when she got np, contrary
to your advice, on Saturday, the flooding came
on again and she died. I have ob
served you during Uiia trial. Ton are a man
of the mo?( desperate courage and COolacM, detoiu
ol the smallest tinge of human charity. You are a
physician, an educated man. and a daugt-rous man.
You stand to-day convicted of what. If the law was
what 1 woald wish it. would be murder In the first
degree and the punishment of which would be death.
I fully agree in the viewa held by mv colleague.
Judge Bedford, regarding this roost barbarunt
crime, and will unite with him in endeavoring lo
have the penalty on conviction be made capital pun
ishment. 1 only regret that the law U constituted as it
is—constituted so that 1 cannot inflict epoa yon.
the vilest of the vile, a heavier sentence than that I
now impose—seven years in the State Prison with
bard laoor." Then there came a burst of applause
through the room w liich the court officers could not
tunpress. and Roscnzvveig was hurried back to the
prisoner's box.
The court room was rapidly cleared bv the officers
of all t-Ave Rostnzwelg's wife and daughter, who
were conducted into the prisoner's box to see him
for the last time previous to his removal. Mrs.
Roscnvwcljr cried bitterly. and said, “Ob, bow can I
bear this," but the torrillo passion evinced by the
daughter Ro»a was something ghastly. This girl,
petite, angular, about 14 years of age, with a series
of hysterical shrieks, knelt on the malted floor of
the prison box and shrieked out, “Ob. may my
God enrae every one who has went against
yon, father; may their flesh rot from their
bones; may their Pvej wither up: may they
die rotten. Oh fethrr. If I die tor it,
Fll have all their lives," and then she clasped her
arms around Roscnznelg's nock and clang to him
convulsively. Bat oven at this, the most trying
scene of •11. Roscnzwciff did not shed a tear. His
face showed a slight trace of feeling, but no more.
The officers parted them, and Rosenrweig was har
ried down the stairs. Outside a crowd of about five
hundred people awaited bis coming. When be *p
feared they set np a loud shoot, and hooted and
Used. Toe door of the van was opened, one of the
officers basiled him In, and in a moment the van
dashed away, bearing Jacob Rosenzwclg, the terrible
abortionist, to his prison home.
The Arrest of “The Boss/'
Mr. Tweed treated Ids arroat aa a pleasant little
Jrke, and so did those of bis followers who were so
fortunate aa to witness the transaction. The Kcw
York Tribune of Saturday says:
"The majority of Democratic politicians In the
public departments treated the threatened arrest of
Mr. Tweed as a vain boast of his adversaries, and
wconted the idea that he would reallv feel the weight
of the Sheriff's band and tho force of common law as.
experienced by poorer and less Influential people.
Mr. Twecdhlmaolf evidently felt that.he was atUal
bronchi to bay, and when he walked Into his office at
the Department of Public Works, at 11 o'clock yesler
day, he aecmed dull and careworn, and did not ned
right tndlclt at the crowd gathering about the door,
f* Ho wore none Of nts usual glitter-
Ing dlaaopds. When a Tribune .reporter visited
blm.atXSK o'clock.he teemed to have decided to
meet the matter with all tho courage ho could mas
ter. One of bis counsel was sitting near him. -Wh -n
questioned aa to his prospective arrest, Mr. Tweed's
and. as ho toned toward the rapocter
P** Well, they’ve been talking about this for the last
six weeks. It a time they did something,’
This matter won't subject you to much Inconveni
ence will UP
’“No, I guess not;'and turning to his counsel Vr
Tweed asked: ’This Is a civil salt, Isn't U; them's
no examination?’ No.* said the counsel, It a aerelly
a matter ofgiving ball.
‘ltwat patent however,that Mr.Twced did not ask
the question for information, bat to make (the im
pression that he had given the,.threatened arrest no
consideration, and knew nothing of the natnro of the
Charse* on which It was to be made.
“Outside the doors of- his office a choice collection
of Democratic politicians were congregated reviling
the rncmloa of the ring, and In eooorons tones ana
eleng phrases announcing their continued confidence
la Mr.Twced. Some adventurous spirits were oven
offering trilling bets that their master never would
FBBEBS.
TWEED.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: 'WEDNESDAY, K'GVFMEER. 1, 1871
be arretted, tun these copied do.vn when, at 15 min
utea after 12, Sheriff Itrecnan an® Deputy Sheriff
Jndeon Jnnis, who bad sent Mr. Tweed notice
of their mining, walked up tho steps and en
tered Mr. Tweed's room. A few of
politician* t-urod \*cantl7 st the doer through which
the Sheriff i’aa»i d,and listened as though expecting
to bear the Shot o and his deputy hurled about the
room, and then -ee them cost oot of the presence of
the municipal demigod. But neither occurred. 1A
“Mr. Brennan merely nodded to Mr. Tweed, bade
him ‘Good day,* nAlsHfe' hii hand tenderly on hit
Mid
It seemed Joke, and, Judg
ing from the facesgcailcmon, it was; the
lawyer, however, serious, and seeing work
ahead, prepared for it. Wheeler H. PcCfiham, who
had served the orih-r of arrest on tho Sheriff, bad also
entered. John Graham, who had been scut for by
Ur.Tweed, came is with A. Vandcrpool, counsel
for the bberiff, also present by arrangement. Good
natured remarks were interchanged by all present on
the subject of tho contemplated arrest. The Sheriff
showed to Mr. Tweed the original of tbs order of ar
rest, anddellveied to him a copy of tho same."
Again:
yAVhsn the holiness of the Sheriff was finished he
acWtly. withdrew through the Park-piece door,
'ntlng all this time the tain bad been tailing. Just
as tbs signature* were finished the clouds broke
away, and Mr, Tweed exclaimed,
Do yon ace, gentlemen, bow the eon shines out
npon ns f
Mr. Graham and Mr. Bartlett left the Department
of Public Werkfi together a little after 3 o'clock, and
drove to Mr. Graham's office. No. 17
William street. The large bundle of papers
was handed over to Willard Bartlett,
the attorney In the case, so that copies mlghibe
served to-morrow npon the numerous counsel en
gaged In. the case. Mr. Tweed expressed himself
glad (hat the thing was done, and that now bo knew
exactly what to meet.’ The crowd In the main ball
way were left wondering what was going on Inside
until 4 o'clock, when Mr. Tweed walked out, and
nodding right and left trotted briskly down tha stairs,
entered his carriage, and was driven away. snertff
Brennan says that this is the largest bond yet taken,
the next largest being one for |3tW,O(X).
Chicago Academy of Music*
This excellent Institution will be reopened to mor
row, November 3. at No. .800 Wtbach aven
ue, with a lull class. The managers bare
also rented, for the accommodation ot
their many friends on the West Side, commodious
quarters, at No. 226 West Madison street, but pupils
can bo received aud registered only at No. 6(X> Wa
bash avenue.
Illlnoia and Michigan Canal,
Canal Office, Chicago. Oct. 31.
Cleared—Contest, Moiris, 94.360 ft lumber, 60,0X1
shingles, 30,000 lath Elllc O’Connel. Lenient.
Arrived—Mary Walker, Lemont, 05 yds stone, 30
brlt lime; H. L. Peattlee, Lemonu C 4 yds stone;
•Admiral, Lemont, 80 ydn alone J. B, walker, Le
mont, 89 yds stone; Chas. Steel. Lemont, 69 yds
etono; Constitution. Lament, G7 yds. atone Col.
Manning, Lemont, 72 yds stone: Traveller, L:tnont,
78 yds Blonc Advance, Lemont, tit yda stone: D.
Hess, Lemont, 74 yda stone; Georgia, Ottawa, 6.500
bn com.
Vessels Passed Detroit.
Detroit, Oct. 31—Evening.—Paagod Up—Prop
Japan; barks Alice, Jessie, Hoyt. Coyne, Unadilla,
Parana; ficbra Richard Winslow, White Squall. Sur
prise, Annie Sherwood, Ironsides, Milwaukee Bjlle,
Alva, Biodlcy, Ua:tlo Wells. David Wells, (aura,
Belle, Madorta, Mary, Elizabeth, Algeria, Hattie
Johnson. Bcntlov, Atwater, D. Stewart. CarlingfOrd,
Grace Whitney, George Finney, Occontloa.
Paseod Down—Props Vanderbilt,.Toledo; bark
Wennna; brig Mechanic; schrMontpelier.
Wind-Northeast.
New York Financial News*
New York, Oct, 31.—Gold sold at And
closed firm at lliji- Cosh gold scarce. Borrowers
had to pay 4 for nee. Daily clearings, $33,000,000.
Government* dull all day,and cloned a little higher,
blocks, up to neon, barely steady. After the sec
ond call, prices wtr- bolter, and at the close prices
declined a little. Business Is light to-day.
Money, li{tj7 per cent, with exceptional loans at 5
per cent.
Slate bonds dull, but steady. The entire market
became heavier on the (second call.
Sterling, lU'V
Government*:
lies I CflojM, V 7.
I C<mp«,
IMS I m «fK
~IUM I Uurrvac/ t*..........
:is*t|
Coups, ’SI
Coups, *6?..
OilpT, "M.,.
Coups, ‘ftS.
New
yute builds:
Blissouria W 1 Virginias.
TcnDesfc**, ol'i.M I N. Carotin M .“Jt
TfBHMw», new- r i ,N. Caroliuiu, new.. ...19
Virginias, new...............63 I
Htcchl cluni-d:
Canton
\V. U. T
Tft Y Rock IdUml... _
kj —'SS
Quicksilver 17k |>t. x> T g
Marijwii. r J M. JW. I'relerrrd.J.’..' 7.V?
filsrlpoea, prchrroi.... 1 S *bisli a k
Adam* t.xpn a*............ MS Waliith. pn-ionoT m
WciUA turpi. a Fort U'ayj;n._ at
American..... so Terre 17
F. 5... 'lerra llaatc, pref v rr*H M
Pacific 21 0n.........
N. Y. iVntrui—
Ili y "oij
A., IS
..vr«tr«l ji.iw MV 0.4 M 3:' i
2-v’s C., HJS
Enc. (.rtifrtva.... ivi iit., n, .c n
lliulcui I Lake Shore 3*
iUrl-m. mi. riKl u. 1 Jmlnna ITV
Hodlof J UilßfJ* C«0ira1............1il
fll. 1 t>7
l illdbiirch „1~ |c. P. Umd* es*j
£onh*c«ir(u I Cvutral Pacific bouOa.UlJ?*
Nuriiiwi-stvrn, i-l-l >i<s I
Foreign Market*.
linden. Oct. 81-4 80 p.m.—ll dLhy In stocks
to morrow. It is thought that the bank «.e will be
reduced on Tt;ur>dnr.
Consols, 13. Honda of *02,91fj; *05,91 *C7,92
TnrpcmiueX6& r«U4'd ;refined petroleum, 17’*,
rvi-i:*. dct. ci\— Kc,
Liverpool, oa. tie—Evening.—Cation active ard
fiim middling upland, Utfd; Orleans, fly. Sa’os
]U,UOU baleShpecijlatioD and export, .’i.OCM bales. Sales
of cotton, slupph.g or shipped from Charlesioa or
Savannah, 4 .>y,d.
Bicndstafl* qu'et. Red spring wheat, l!«allsJM-
Itccopts ofwl.eM for three day*, 82,.VW. American.
lo.tXv. Com. :£a Gd;lard, 4«jj chccae, 01*3; re lined
petroleum, 17? i.
KewTorkDry Coodi Market*
Now York, Oct. 81.—The market U rather quiet
ar.d hardly so buoyant for heavy brown sheetings, for
certain makes, which la rather fdnguUr, as a g. od
Inqnlryrs noticeable for certain makes suitable for
the China ami South American markets. Besides
this data of goods arc relatively low as compared
with lighter gn.de* and brown drills, which arc
selling at 14',c tor best brands, such as I’epperiU.
Atlantic A. heavy brown sheetings now Job at 18c.
do 11. ISVic; do iVclfic extra. 12i-;c; Booth O. 7-3
bleached muslin* reduced from 11 J ic to 11c, and Red
liankdo. lron> lllic to HcjMcdb.rd. Itpjc; Laurel
11, 1154 c CV.boi A, 12‘4c; Cabot mill* bleached
muslin, IbHd Ucoiv L. do. 14c; Waltham, 42-locb
do. ICc: Fremont Y, brown canton flannels, 17c; do
T, blenched. 165ic Massachusetts R F. brown do.
12c; Manchester f.-.rcy print*, lllic American pink
check*, llVtc; Manchester reppsde.alusarc reduced
to v2!lc,.aiid Hamilton do, to SpiC.
Live Stock Markets.
Buffalo. Oct. 51.—Cattle— Receipts 3,975bcAd or 175
car? against lt»7 earn at same time last week. Mar
ket epened act it o and prices 1 percent higher. Qual
ity pood: sales 351 Ohio steers averaging from 1,269
to i,JfO lb? at (5.15&6X0; 71 premium Oulo, ranging
from 1,005 to 1.075 lbs at 6.33£c?.4r»; Gi Indiana, rang
irg from I.C-47 to 1.400 lbs at 4 &ft 0.00: 93 Kentucky,
averaging 1.290 lbs at 5.12H* 15 do Tcran. av 901
lb?, at 4.75. H Michigan, ranging 1,1170 tn 1,443 lbs. at
s.lSHaf’-33- 63 Illinois, ranging from 1,13.' to 1,395 lbs,
A14.75a5.4U.
9hcad. Market not opened,
{.rices looking higher.
Hog?—Kcceipls, 15.579 head, 7,673 of which being
through consignments. Market quiet, and sales ef*
fectedalowly. closing doll add unsettled. Sales to
day of 1,7% hvtfl at 4.16 3-U4.57S for common to
choice.
WATERTOWN, MAS?*
Watertown. Oci. at.— cattle -Receipt*. BGO
bead; good demand for Northern cattle, ia conse
quence of the light supply. Sales of choice at 9.25;
extra, 0.0Ja9.V5; first quality. g.00a6.50: second
quality, 7.141,-17.50; third quality. S.COafi.SO.
Sheep and Ijimbs—Receipts, 10.903 heal; no con
siderable change in price afnee last week. Sales, in
lots,at 1.50 a 1.5U each: extra, 5.90a5.5).
The Protlnce Markets.
NEW YORK.
New York. Oct. 31.—Colton in fair demand and
higher; middling upland. 16J£c.
Breadstuff*—iionr, dnll and lower: receipts, 10.000
brls; super Western and State, com
mon to good, f6.00<&6.90; pr*nd to choice,
S6.9C@T.3S; white wheat extra, fT.3S®T.W; extra
Ohio, f&SU&'7.4O; St. Lculs, $7.15a9.2i. Rye flour,
lower; $4.7505 50, Corcmcat quiet. Wheat dull and
lower; receipts. 67.000 bn No. 2 spring. Si.4S!4tl^B;
winterred Western, I.RSsi.Oi; amber Western. I.GSa
J.f*s; white. 1.05a1.75. Rye nominal.
Barley dull; holders anxious to sell; W. stern, 73c;
Bay ofQoiotc.fl.OSal.Ol: State, 75c. Malt Canadian
West, 95c. Corn dull andj lower: receipts 6,000 bn.
Western mixed, TTc Inl-tore; 79c afloat. Oats dull
and lower; receipts,Cs,ooobo; WcslcraandOhio,soa
file.
Hay and Hops—^Unchanged.
Qrocerlcs—CoJeo qniet; HIo. Sugar
firm; tair lo good refining, B?»'49Sc; Cuba,
9lie. Molasses doll. Rlco.THwiSHc.
l*clroleum—Ctud.*. 13?» <a!4c; refined, 23c.
Turpoatine —Firm at 67(368c.
Protl?lona—Pork, beef, and cut meat* quiet and
unchanged. Jdiddlc# nnchanecd. Lard un-ettled;
No. 1 to prime steam. Si-iftlOljc; ksttic,
December and January, 9?»c; February, 9*£ c, March,
Hotter—S*«ady and unchanged.
Cheese—Qnlct and unchanged.
Whiskey—Dull and lower at O-im&Mc.
MILWAUKEE.
Milwaukee. Oct. 31. quiet;
spring extras, a 5.90&&.00. Wheat quiet and weak;
No. 5, sl.l»Ht ft sl-22- Oat? easier; No. 2,30 c.
Coro ttcady; 49c. Rye—No. 1,62 c. Barley steady:
SCHC.
Hogs—Weak: BliG-I*c,
Receipts—Flour. 4.100 bila; wheat, ftS.fW) ba.
Shipment*—Flour, 5,1X0 bu; wheat, 6.000.
Freights— I To Buffalo. 9vic; Oswego, 15c.
CLEVELAND.
Cleveland, Oct. Sl.—Breadstuff*—Wheal active hat
*clower; No. 1 red, seller bit half December at
$1.44; No. 1 red. on spot, at 1.13; Ko. red at 1.56.
Corn nominally lower, at 59*60 c for low and high
mixed. Oa a sjc lowcr.itS6Sc.
retrolcom—Quiet and steady; refined at
In car lots: S2e in large lots; 23a3312c In trade lou;
erode, 5.40a5.45.
PHILADELPHIA.
Philadelphia. Oct 51.—Breadstuff#-Floor doll and
namlnal: Wisconsin and Minnesota extra fmlfy, 7,60 a
8.25; Indiana and Ohio, T.00a7.50. Wheat leea active;
bine and Western ted, 1.5U1.61. Kyo nominal at 95c.
Com dull: \ellow,7SaSoc: new, Goa6sc; mixed West
ern, 76a79c.' Oats quiet and unchanged.
Provisions—Dull: mesa pork, Lard, SftC,
Whiskey—Unsettled, BSaWc.
BALTIMORE.
Baltimore, Oct. 51.—Breadstuff*—Plow firm. Wheat
firm; Ohio and Indiana. 1.60, Corn steady; new white,
K&TVc: new yellow, 66a70c. Oats steady, 4Ga49c. Bye
steady. POcal.OO. _ _
Provisions—Mesa pork steady. 14.50. Dseon firm:
shoulder?, 8c; sides. BHc; clear rib, 6\q sugar-cared
buns, 15a16c- Lard steady, ICaIOHo.
Butter—Unchanged.
Whiskey—Momlnal at 95Va96c.
Cincinnati.
CincJoaiU, Oct, 81.—Cotton—Dali and drooping:
low middling, 17a1714c.
BrtadstuflS—Flour doll and drooping: family, 6.90 a
6.79. Wheat dnll? red, 1.8S&1.40. Corn in fair de
mand and higher; for hew. 4Tc; old, 56c, Rf« steady
at 76aT9«. Oats firm. Bone? quiet and unchanged.
OUs—linseed quiet tud weak; TTsTJe. Lard scarce
sod firm
Effjcs—ball and lower Sdo.
Dntur—ln Wr demand bat lower: 17n*2c.
Cheese—ln good demand it lUHI-4.
Frovislons—rork doll and nominal: li BO asked.
Bulk xncata qnict and held firm!/; eldoe. 6 8-laTc.
Lard quiet; new, SS-toi-old, 9c. Bacon quiet and
held firmly; shoulder*. 7 24c: *ide*,6S-4aß 7-&
Boca—l>nll and lower at 4.00*4.15; receipts, d,WO.
Cattle—Fins: prime, 4.€0*L95.
Whiskey—Dull and lower at BSc.
ST. LOUIS.
Bt. Lonla, Oct. 31.—Cotton doll and seminal at
17*t7Kc.
Breadstuff*—Flour qnict aud unchanged, super
wioter, &0*5.75:* extra winter, 6.OOaSJO; tL
9a.75eR.45. Wheat higher; Ko. 3 red. 11.40; No. S
91.h0aL.CS. Com doll; mixed on tr»ck,4la43c.- Oats
doll; mixed on tiuek. 89c. Barley firm at "ic tot
orimeUlnnesoa. Bye dull; No. 9, OSsUc.
Hlghwlsa s—Dull atbStfO.
Tobacco-Quiet.
Hemp— Nominal.
Provisions—Pork aalet at f19.75a15.0X Bacon
qn'.ef; lobbing order lot- of shoulder*.
clear rib, be; clear sides, he. LtrJ brm; choice
ct«le, i'Ua.
Ilogw—Actlv** «t 3 5-Bal 1-lc.
Caltle-r Unchanged.
Receipts—l.too brU floor, 13,000 bn wheat. U, 000
com, U.tiOO bn cais.H.ooobo rye.'i.OOObu bailey.
NEW ORLEANS. 3
NewOrleant. Oct. 31.—Cotton—Finn; ealo*.4.BM
.bale*; good ordinary, 17?»6b173£c; low middling.
17J*i&1B;;c; middling, ileccipu. 7.87S
bales. ExporU, Liveipool, o.Util bales. Block, 53,315
bales.'
Monetary—Sterling, bank, Si; Bight, V dhcoant:
gold, 112J4.
Groceriee—Sugar—Receipia told: Inferior,
“ye; good to fair, lOHc: yellow, clarified, 12®i34c.
Molapsofi common, 41K&50C; fair, sC®sdc; pnmo, sj£i
U2Uc; choice, Kc.
Wefitcm produce and. proviaions somioally un
changed*
TOLEDO.
Toledo, Oct. 31. Brcadbtnflji—Flour dull bnt un
changed. Whonc dull and Sa9c lower; arntx-r
Michigan, 1.10; No. a red, I.3ti; No. 3 do. 1.33. Com
dull, and la2c lower; new high mixed, sie; new low
mixed. Cl: yellow, 55c new yellow, 51c. Oati dnli*
No. 1,30 3-lc No. 2, Si l-8c: rejected, 39 I- lc.
Freights—Unchanged: to Buffalo, 61-lc on orn
5 3-lc on wheat; Oswego, 18c.
Receipts—3,ooo brls flour; 37,000 ba wheat; 33,000
bn com; 15,000 bn oats
Shipments—l.ooo brie flour; 33,000 bu com.
The Galeabarc Hermit*
From the Galesbnrg (HI.) Beputlican, October 27.
Perhaps one of the most remarkable mono
maniac hermits of the State resides in onr city.
His name, os known here, is A. K. Quin, and he
settled in this city about three years since. Hi*
first rented a small house on Berrian street, ad
joining the residence of D. A. Dudley, and
soon alter showed partial insanity by accusing
various respectable parties of attempting to
poison him. He would carry water several
blocks, under the belief that all the wells in the
vicinity were poisoned specially lo injure hfm.
He also accused various persons of Bleating large
sums of money from him, and labnred under
the idea that he bad some fifty or sixty thousand
dollars due him from the Massachusetts Legis
lature. He appeared sane on the majority of
subjects, but if spoken to concerning bis family,
bis money, or his enemies, be would spin wild
and improbable yarns for hours concerning his
remarkable adventures, if he could fiud a will
ing listener. Finally his rantings became un
bearable, and he was ousted from the building
and vicinity. He then moved into a large brick
bouse near by, owned by Lombard University,
which he occupied, rent free, for about a year,
alter which he built near by, on a vacant lot, a
queer little car-shaped shanty, which he styles
his “bazaar,” and which is so arranged that it
can be readily moved if ordered off of the lot it
now occupies. Mr. Quinn is a good rirechaaic,
and does any little odd jobs he can get; ho
keeps a cow, poultry, etc., and cultivates a good
garden each year. He is a terror to all the
children in the vicinity, and few indeed are the
grown persons who care to encroach upon his
grounds, or pass his bazaar. His former history
is unknown, except as gathered from his wild,
disconnected stories, but it is believed that he
has a wife and grown-up children somewhere
in Ike Eastern States, and that at one time be
was a Sheriff, and occupied a respectable posi
tion in society.
A Short Sugar Crop.
Freni II e Sew Orleans Picayune. Oct. 23.
The sugar crop, it was generally expected,
would give a fait avenge yield, but according
to the statements of a number of planters, who
called upon ua yesterday, this bos been one of
the most disastrous seasons for cane known for
years, to say nothing of our unreliable and ex
pensive labor. To begin with: the stubble cane
suffered extensively from frost last winter, and
seed cane was much injured. Add to this that,
contrary to the general impression, the breadth
of ground j.ot in cane this season is much less
than that l: tost year—our Informants’ estimate
is a little more than one-half. The season, too,
has been a most unfortunate one for the planter.
The long continued rains of early sunm-r
laid an embargo upon field operations. It is
wilbin our knowledge that one planter did but
a day and a half work in hie fields during the
whole month of June, and we may add that the
story ol one is the history ot many. A more
unpropitious season for working the crop h-is
not bun encountered, it is alieged, for many
years. The prospective yield mar, ther.dore,
readily be estimated. According to our infor
mation, the crop in West Baton Ilouge, La
fourche, St. John, St. James, and St. Ohurlca is
distr^nclv.pofifQsage»‘*™ l Ife* 0 M
is understood, here and there ah enviable ex
ception. lu some fields the grass u as high as
the cane.
ms
..uw4
A number of planters will not grind at all,
and not a few wh commenced rolling have
abandoned the venture on account of thd .°s3r
yield. Some fields do not give Haifa
to the acre. These comparatively barren re
turns, taken in connection with tbo high rates
of labor—hands are now scarce at two dollars a
day—render the prospect decidedly gloomy for
sngnr planters and ihe very large interests in
volved with and depending upon their in
dustry. If the crop should fall as low as the
planting estimate —130.003 hogsheads—the
falling off will come home, also, to the toiling
millions, as well as the planter, factor, aua
broker.
The Propeller Dean Richmond Burned,
From the Tort Huron Times. Oct. 23.
This morning at II o'clock the intelligence
rcncht d this city of the total loss by fira of
the propeller Dean Richmond. A part of tbo
crew leached hereon the Cleveland, and gave
the following particulars:
The Richmond left Duluth on the 22d with
32,000 bushels of corn nud some pasaengen;
making, with crew, forty-two souls in nil. Ev
erything went right until lost Thursnay, when,
while lying nt anchor in Mud Lake, in the Sauli
Hirer,, nt .about 5:30. a. m., firejwaa discovered
issuing from the pantry, and almost immedi
ately the whole promenade deck was wrapped
in flames. The boats were immediately lowered,
after having first tried the pumps, which,
through long neglect, were rendered useleea,
When this was ascertained, CapL Pratt immedi
ately got into the nearest boat and was rowed
away. The remaining boats were instantly
filled, and gang-planks, fenders and life-boards
were thrown overboard and seized upon by
those struggling in the water. The cabiu maid
and mate leaped upon a gang-plank; and soon
after five of the deck hands leaped on the same
frail support, capsizing it and throwing the
woman* into tnc water, where she was
drowned. This was tho only life lost. It is
said that tho Captain of the Richmond was
not far from the drowning woman at the time of
the accident.
The men in the boats picked up fourteen men
in the water who were clinging to every con
ceivable means of support, and then made a
landing nt Round Island, from which they
were tApfq off by the Mineral Koclf pqd Cleve-
nuu.
The Dean Richmond was built in Cleveland
in 16G5, and was afterwards sold by 11. C.
Winslow, of Buffalo, to the New York
Eiie Railroad Company for $64,000. In tho
winter of 1870 she was thoroughly repaired by
tho company, and since then has made thirteen
trips to Chicago and was bound down on her
fouttcenlh-wqcn dcslrovcd.-
Itestltntlon for the Horton*
Toronto. Ont., Oct. 31.—The Ottawa corrc?]Kmdont
ef the Glotf telegraphs that the policy of ths govern
ment Is to meet the demand for restltntion for the
schooner Horton, no she has not been condemned by
the courts.
Suspension of an Insurance Company.
Philadelphia. Pa*. Oct. 31i—The Enterprise Insnr
tree Company baa suspended in consequence of Its
Chicago Josses, and will be forced to go into liquida
tion.
—The report of the arrest of Mrs. Rath,at Law
rence, Kansas, for alleged complicity in the
poisoning of her husband by Dr. Mcdlicott, is
confirmed. She is now in jail.
Seymour Youllaire, ft prominent
criminal lawyer of St, Louis, the first husband
of Mrs. Ruth and father of her children is now
in Lawrence and to-day obtained possession of
three of the youngest children.
—ln Peoria, on Monday night,'a child 3 rears
old, belonging to a widow lady named Dean,
drank a bottle ol laudanum by mistake and died
shortly after.
riCUAHI*.'ON-m>KNK-At the residence ol T. J.
Jtlrbnll, U*nn»>in. lit W.tl» lQt(.. br ths He*. Pt. V\ ll*
A.O. Richardson, n( M. Louis, J«o «ml Ararat
DuToTonl, youncosl daughter of John Gamble Horn#,
late of Tomato, Ontario. No card*.
BURWKLL—SMITH—At tha reehl-nca of W. J.
Hare. 345 Prospect at- Get. bT the Rot. C. N. Grant.
Jtr. Albert W. Burnell, of Cleveland, and Miss Kittle
K. Smith.
PM ITU—The funeral of Her. S. 5. Smith will bint
recdi-d from Oakland Coogtcgational Church on Wedne**
day, at I p. m.
VOGELL-On the Slit lost., Francis IX., wlfeofC.J.
Voccll, aged St years and 2 m-mlhe.
Fnneral from residence, 174 South Ualstei st., on
Ihorsday, 7d tuat., at it o’clock.
MAYNARD—On Taasday evening. Get.Si, at the reel*
dence of her father. No. 75 Scnth Sang«raoo at., Sophia,
youngest daughter of John and Jalia Maynard.
Notice of funeral will be given hereaftor.
IBa.Syractee IN. Y.) and Sheboygan (Wia.) pipers
please copy.
DELL—At Dam# Creek. Mich,, on the «th last., of
heart disease. Judge 1). Y. Bell, aged 67 years.
XIOPE-At hie late residence. 10 North Pengnmon-aL,
John C. llope, aged S4 yean, 7monthtaad22d*rs.
Funeral on Thunder at II o’clock a. m. Friends of
the family are invited t» attend without further node*.
m rONET LOaNED—On diamonds, watches.- and val-
JjX uaMa psreonal property; tha earnsbontht. TON*
MCLIFF, <3 West Jackson, formerly IS Dearborn st.
MONEY TO LOAK-Oo first elite property in sums
of 610,000 to 90,000. HEAD A OOE, 79 Weet Maitaoa
at.
WANTED— To borrow 9T5 fbr three months en
worth off rot-class furniture. Will pay fire per
cent. Addresafi. L. W., Tribune office.
TXTANTED—For cash pnrchaeo money end. far*
W mortgage*, eehool and ether coed bonds. Ad*
dreaa B O J, 73 West Van Boren tU, with price, amount,
etc,
WANTED— lli.W'o fbr 5 year* on I.W afrea of lm;
proved farming properly’worth
par lOprr root and 3 cotamieetons. T, B. MARSHALL,
st»l West MadUoaat., Room 5.
Annn AAA IS OFFERED by anEeilerntwpl*
5200i00U uUal to >VV «n 01
mortgagee la this .city. B.F. DOWNING A 00., 501
Webaeh av.
PARTNERS WANTED*
.wand 010,000 Apply to CLARKS. LAYTON S vv„
Ketete Peelers.#7s Btato at.
HOUSEHOLD GOODS
Fnnaiit-k fiuechsmb-r set. ooetflTilwo mouths
B *V,V.?i P »JU; alsoone at tM. Inqu r* *t
®roer of'CeJlWo Grove and VakwooJ avs.
AKLAND.
MARRIED.
DIED.
FINANCIAL.
AMUSEMENTS.
iTMPAM HILL.
Mleblaas-av.. corner Tfalrtsenlb-st.
JOHN Q. BOBS _„ .LeiV‘e.
Engagement for FOCB KIGUTd AND ONE MATI
NEE, of the great American artist*
Hiss Jane Coombs,
Fupoorted ly ths popular roun? actor Mr. FREDERIC
kUBINtiUN, *ud tbo note nowertnt and complete Dra
matic Company on tbit Continent, ibis Wednesday even
log, November I. for the benefi: of the aaffvrcre by the
fire. LONDON ASSURANCE. Lviv Gay J-pvnker. Uiai
JANE COOUBB. ThurrUay, Love’e bactrUce; FilJar,
benefit of Blloe Jane Combe, ’t'bt Love Cbiue. .Siturdar
Malinee. Tbe World of raahioo. Saturday nlglit. Lady
or Lyon*.
Bex ©flic*open from PtoS,.
GLOBE THEATRE.
COL. WOOD’S MUSEUM COMPANY AT
TBCR3 C3*XiOBR3-
Monday, Tuesday, WsdnMday, October 90. 31. and
November Land at the WEDNESDAY MATINEE.
Firat appearance of wt— Blanche Du Bar.
BOLDDSE’S DATJGHTEE.
TWO GEE3OBIES,
imrroper pev*nn» admitted.
_ AUCTION SAT.VA
WOOLLENS,
UNDERWEAR, NOTIONS,
And a Urge and elegant i|a» of
MEN’S, BOYS’, AND CHILO'S
CUSTOM MADE CLOTHING.
la tioltj. CMta, Paata, Test*, and Or*Pcoeta. Alao fi
aoxrn UmbrelUa, AT AUCTION.* Oct.
M.'.at 10 a. m. CKO. P. GOBS A CO.,
Noe. 1 and 2 Randolph et., cor. Michigan av.
Country and City Merchants
The coods are HERE, end you can bar them at tout
own price, aa the eonaigoore aoost hare meat? for
EIGHT HUNDRED CASES
Boots, Shoes
AND RUBBERS,
Con*l«ttncofall grad** sod styles of good*, intladins
&i«u*e. Women’* and MUtt*’ article*, sad Wst«r-Pr*o'
Ov»-r*. that will b* sold *t suction on WEDNESDAY,
November 1, »t 10 s. m.. by OEO. P. GOBS A 00.
1 and 2 Bandolph-st.,
CORNER UIOHIGAN-AY.
SPECIAL SALE
Or the entire Keck of a retail dealer is
DRY GOODS,
Gents’ Furnishing Goods,
Hata and Caps, Notions, Eto.,
Whose store «n burned (n the Great Fire, will be
hebt on Til UUcDAY, Not. 2, at 10 a. m., by
GEO. P. COKE CO.,
1 and 2 Sandolph-st., oor. Miohigan-av.
WM. A. BUTTERS 00.,
■AXTCTIONKTCRS,
Hare reanmed hnninei* In their now, anbalant'.al, and
SoUifurtabie.Lollding,
Nos. 3 and 4 Dearborn Park*
IK'*rtly opposite their old eland on East Raaiolph-st.,
»liicu wilt bo known a*
THE RED FROXT.
4*> cixtre wblta gr«mU» ware and IN) package
slct« waia
AT AUCTION,
On TUESDAY, Oetvhar SI, at 10 o’clock.
At the RED FRONT Paharoout, 3 and 4 Dearborn
Park,
WM. A. BUTTERS IK).. AnKlonear*,
30b' Case* Bootw. bheea, Balmorals and
Rubber*)
AT AUCTION,
On WEDNESDAY, Notremlxr 1. at $>S o’clock.
At tb« Rod Front sanil Dearborn Park,
»ai. A. BUTTKUS, Anrtionrt*n«.
Dry Goods, Cloiftlitß, XYotlous f bta
tiouerx, Ace.
A.T AUCTION.
On THURSDAY, NoTomtar 2. *i9*£ o’clock.
At th* lUM Front aalrereoma, 3 and t Dearborn Park.
WM. A. lUJITEKI* s CO., Ao.-ttonw-re.
No. 196 Ashland-av.
ADUIMSTIiATOOS' UALK.
ELEGANT FUENITOEE, EOESES, OAfi-
EIAGE, BGGGT, &0.
AT AUCTION
On Friday, November 3, at 10 o’clock,
at dwelling. No. 191 Ashland ar, third house sontbof
Van Bnren at., tl.; entire hcnaeonld effuctaof thelato
Jacob Greencbanm. conaiatlaol of parlor, chamber,
dlt.lrc r<v m. and kitclinn larulture, Itrnuefa and other
carpet*, bed*, bedding, bed and table tinea, mirrors, Ac.
ALSO,
Three horses, one new family carriage, buggy, exprex
w«7< n. and liar* r*s.
»o_T*ke tin* Van Bnre»» at horao care,
By order of Heury Oreeaebaum and Elias Gre •nebsuin,
AdmitiUiratcra.
WM. A. BUTTER.** .b rn.. AriKlona-r*.
CHAMBERS CO.
Will eoßßtence thy alrnsglo at 7 o'clock this
p mine l» their New More N’o. Ol West 71ml-
Ison at. We shall effer nt anetlon an entire
new aloek of WnCelteaaml Jewelry eonalgned
to na aince the fire, together with tome dam
aged cooda. Country denier* will And oar
•dock complete. Outside sales attended to.
J. D. CII.43IBERM A CO-
Formerly cor. Clark and JfodUon at*.
BfCILBERT MAUTDI,
Koi. As and Went Madlion-Bt,
SO Doe. New Wood Seat Chairs,
3 Dozen New Bedsteads.
"New’ Wheelbarrow*. 1 ounges. Parlor Sulla, Household
Furniture, Stoves. Ac.,
AT AUCTION,
ThKmornlngat in o'clock, at the new salesrooms,
and an West MadUon-st. No merve or limitation. Ths
Rvx d« ere in store and ready for delivery at one*.
BUSINESS CHANCES*
A BABE CHANCE—The leading h*t store of Daren
pert, lows, for sale. Address, ffh. 11. FABBAND,
Lairnport lowa*
ANY ONE desiring to purchase first-class hotel,
with furniture-valurd at »:o,noa. ran team particu
lar* ly eallingor writing to HENRY J. GOUDBICU,
41 Hubbard court. X hats six hotels for sals.
CHANGE FOB yPECDLATIONj-The slock, fixtarae.
and lease of one of the larsesrktoeerlee on State et.
for tale; curner siure; or will rent store separate; TOi
S3; is one of the best standi on South ?lds, and near tho
wholesale warehoaeoe. Address JAMES EVANS, 363
Watash av.
FLOUR MILL FOBBALK-Io Illinois. 140 mnes (Tom
Chicago, a 4-run mitt complete, aith engine aol
loiter, and alt the necessary machinery, with cooper’*
•hep, etc. The entire tor 54.500, or the engine and
boiler, stones and machinery will be sold separat*.
Apply to T. W. BAXTER A CO., MUI Furuiehars, foot
West Washington st., Chicago, 111.
FOR SALE—One carriage ship, with land. 135x36 ft;
one stationary engine* new, ten bore* power: one
endue I* the, 14 fool l-ed, 2u Inch awing; sold separately,
WU. BUILKRB. 40 Washington at.
FOR FALK-Boarding-tonso In two brick houses;
nice tnrniinre; fait of first'dass boardere; Terr
rhrao fur half cash, and halane* fair terra*, OKU. U.
UUS.4iD«>pUla«« j ieaM**M. !W9 Warren-*
FOR SALK— Dry goods atom. S3! West Lake cor
ner rat' at.. with lon* Isaac, tow rent. No bonne
a.ked. Apply on the premiere.
f 'OR FALK—The atoek ofhardware. tinware, tinnsre’
to«l«, and atom fixtures; alia tlurrl Noe. 397 and
;v7 l*2 to rant II callid lor aoun.
I OH SALK-Eleganlly furnished boarding home. two
uiocka from lUUtad and Madison, lull o( hoarder*.
L. Tribune office.
For g vLE—The engine, boiler, aid machinery of the
gut Planlnc Mill, together with the horaea. wagena.
railroad track, barn. ate.: the large dock and bnlMinca
can be purchased or laaaed ea fkTorabl* terms. laqaira
of or *«W*a# HANNAH A LYMAN, M Archer av.,
ÜbiCago, 111.
FOR B.VLE-Bnetneaa eheneee. We hare tome very
fine business op-ninea fcrlmen with capital, K,
KENNEDY A VO.,Real Eatate Brokers, 143 West Midi*
■en at.
FOR SALK- Grocery end fixtnree with full stock;
cheap rmt; gco-trash trade; West Side; centre of
btoinvu. Fortune for an active man. AddroU U
Ir.lnne office.
LEASE, stock and flztureaor a confectionery ana
bakery depot for sale. No. (23 West Madison at, A
good location for rvetaorant.
rpll E combined water-power o* Illinois and Tex rir-
Xers—equal to the power at Lowell, Maas.—and plenty
afehcan lan 1, at Ottawa, I U. Great inducements to
heavy manufacturer*. A only to JOHN V. A, III) Ed,
Pni., Ottawa. III*., or to B. C, COOK. 3(5 Wabash
or to D. F. CAMEhON, 71 Ashland av.
AJ AA WILL BUT atoek end fixtures efstatinaerr.
JStU U Dotione. etc. Five rooms for hetuskesping.
Rent cheap. 216 Cottage Grove av.
apaA bore retiring partaer’a half interest In a
&OUU Lonn-M With sum. atoek; elaira MOO
muntlilit no bonce tekad.. (fl State at,. Room 3.
BOARDING ANDLODOIHG.
f/a WEST ADAMS ST.—A hendaomely furnished
XOO front room, also Croat parlor, with beard.
1 nn WEST WASHINGTON BT.—Re-'me, fhrntshed
la/i/ rr anfarulebrd. with firet-class board. Modern
Uurtuvrmente; In a dealrable tecetioa.
gpg*rWKST MONBOK ST.—Deeirabte rooms, fur-
JA I nlabed and unfuraisbed, to rent, with board,
no tr WEST RANDOLPH ST., opposite Willard placo
000 —A single room, or anita of rooms, on first
fio<>r to Ut. famished or unfurnished, with board or
without. Locetlon very doeirable.
inirt: INDIANA AV„ north of Twentr-nlnth at—
Twegentlemva and wive# wUI flndplaoaaot
cnittinished rooms, with board.
APLEAFANT enlte of rooma to rent, with board, on
tLe lake ehore. at Oakland. Btoaa and horse cart.
Addnee O K. W3 W ahaeh-av.
A LARGE front elCove room to i rent with board ftr
grntltmaa and wife without children at IU7 Indi
ana-av.
Boarding— A enlte of e»ni snltable feratmall
CITY RHAX ESTATE.
FOR SALE-in the Rami Ri*tnci—Lake it., between
tUrk and Larall*iu.,4oxlso.
Hark at., northeast corner Monro*, 49x90.
Mlft «li, bVUUCVI VUIUVi
licbig-nav., southwest corner Madison at., G.xUO.
i’a-lilugion at., northeast corner Fifth ar... aoxlto.
laditou at., between W'abaab tad Michigan an.
S-u
Van Perm at., 125 foot vntof Clark,
Sherman at., between Harrison and Van Duron,
29x100.'
River st..tie*r Rush at. bridge, 90x70.
North D-«rbom at., between Illinois and In liana ata.
ICOx no.
Alao, a number of very desirable levees, besides a
large amenni of property outside of the barut district,
improved mud omroprered.
As the demand t<>r rval eatat* lias already commenced,
owners of property are requested to leave with me cor.
reel descriptions of sorh property as thsr desire M eel),
or rent, or le*s«*. J. E9AIA9 WAUUEN, 419 Michigan
ar.. near Thirteenth at.
FOE SALE—Dnalness property—63xl9o on State at.,
north of Twelfth at,, eaat front; will aetl 20 feot or
more, orleaae.
WUIV. W. ICIIV.
23xt#», north front, on Madison at., west of LaSalle
it.: cheap.
|e 29xl V 0 on Michigan ar., north of Madison it.; choio;
fronting new depot.
J9 3-tfa9u, north of alley between Washington and
Eandolpbata.,on Staten., cast front.
Krx>&9 on State, near Peck court, front, with
frame building; bargain. CLEICUA BOND, Real Es
tate Dealers, 9it Wabash ar.
FOR SALE —A block of fire fine dwelling bonvea on
one of the fineit avennea In lha city, ontheSonth
Side, near Twenty-tilth at.; will bo sold at a great bar
gain if applied tor at once. Apply to O. C. SAOIN, 191
Twenty-second at.
FOR BALE—A new Eatery honae of 9 room* jail
ready for occupancy, with S years’ lease of l"t, on
Calumet ar. Price, only 92.000, half evah. P. A.
BROWN, Beal Estate Agent, Room 9, 375 State at.
FiR SALE—Goose No. TOl West Lake at. and leasdof
lot. Enquire of C. E.MOORE, 199 West Madison at.
FOR SALE—Lease» by 100 feet, on Welta at. BNT
DEB A LEE, Beal Estate Agents, No. 9 Sooth*
lialsted *t., Masonic Baildiag.
FOR SALE-br MILLER A* RTQDON, Real Estate
fAgenla. £OO West Madison at.£s or6o fear.Dearborn
near Washington at., only $1,200 per foot: 33 per cent
diaconnt.old price. 20 or 40 feet, Randolph near Third
are; Sl.OOOper foot. 41 feet, Randolph near Wabaalt ar.
SI,OOO per foot: 39 feat and honae, Madison near Sanga
mon at; bargain, $11,(0). We have the great-el bar
sains offered; ca.l and mb. MILLER A HIGDON, 330
Madison at.
T?OB SALE—Good and cheap lota on the South Side,
J. on Arnold, Bnlterfleld, Dnddtn. Garibaldi, Twenty
fifth, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh. Twenty-eighth,
Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth, and Thirty-natb-ats., and on
Wentworth, Wallace, and Short leff-a vs. Fire years,
6 per cent. No advance in price, tbongh inch lota must
double la ralce. The increased demand for landing
lou sear where an many tens f millions must be paid
for Labor will advance the price of aach tots. The old
prices and vary easy terms. ALBERT CRANE, 873
Wabash ar.
FOR SALE—Or to Bent—We hare three ont of a block
of fire elegant Frear atone dwellings, three stories
and basement, firat-claee in every respect, for sale or to
rant; located on EUU-ar. Inquire at corner ElUa-ar.
and thiny-Mvemh-st, HOLLAND A FREAK.
'L'OB SALS—Marble front honae, corner 30th at., with
J tlegant furniture, for tiA.uoO, parable $3,000 cash,
s#,ooo in two year*, and s7,><jo in five yuan, THUS.
A. A MATRON HILL, 401 Wabash ar.
FOR SALE—3nxI9Q feet on ManUoa-at.. between
Wells and LaSalle-ata. SNYDER A LEE. Beal
Citato Agents, 9 South l!alated*at.
P'OUSALE-Cheap-Ftrat-claaa liobm and lot. House
X. twoatury nod basement pressed brick. Contains
utftt Improvements. Lot ftT feet, east front. Alto*
gather on* of tbs pleasantest places in (be city. Small
payment down. Inquire on premises, 9jS ludiana-av..
near Twentieth-sl.
FOB BALE-A corner lot n-ar the new bar market.
»T.UkJ 2 1, d Wll r»oU<l:* bargain. J.
ta. BUYDLN. Heat Estate Agent. 2a West Madlson-at.
Y7OB SALE—Waba»h-av.—4<izt93 tect east side ol
b g lw f«?. Munroo ami Adamwata.
SNTDXRI LI.K, Heal Estate Agent*. So. Sooth
Balatrd-et., corner of Bandolph-at., Macule Building.
FOB 9A LE-Httlta great bargain, for cash.
vSwirL oe r Twenty -elghth-st.
enTllEllg LEE. .Heal Batata Agmts, No. 9 South
Ualsted-et., corner of Randolph, Masonic Bonding.
0. 0. Thayer 0,, Auctioneer* and
Healßelate Agent*. II llobbard o..tirt, an elegant
marble IrnothottM an Indiana ar.. of 31st at.
completely inratshed. Price 915.0W, only Tono-tixlh
down, balance on long time.
FOR SALK—A two Kory and bai-raent house, suits
le for a large family, situated at JanetvilK Wtv. 91
mile* from Chicago. Houm new, and lot i* l3Jx*,7d feet.
Garden Piled with trait tree*. tlom. etc. Lot run* back
to liw k liver. a splendid residence, and f«r sale vary
1"«. rrlca 16.WJ0. Address P. 0., DuwsfJl. Jane*,
villr. Wl?.
FOB SALK—On Indiana av., earner Forty-first at.,
onofrat I font, i&i pur foot. CLAFLIN BUOfUEKd,
204 Madison M,
FOP. PALR-On MadlMft a*.. n«ar TA«a119«t..33 ftet
front by 190 deep, 9900 p*r hut. On West
at.. 74 ie*t front, in Into to suit. Long time. Kaay
urine. CLAFLIN BROTHERS, 904 Malivm ot.
I?OR 8A LB—On .Madison at.. Inf, with store and
dwelling. renting fur 9MO p»r aamtui. ift.cyo.
CLAFLIN BUOITIKUS, COI Madison's!.
I?OR HA LK— House of nine room* on Monmi «i., eor
i<er IlaUted at with thr-o y».r* lease. ftl vo
CLAFLIN BROTHER? I 3)| Madison at.
FOR SALE—HOUSE—7i t West Lako at., and lasso
l»t. Inquire of U. K. MOORE, Uft West iladl
eon at.
1;OIt SALK- 1 have acme of (h» verv host bargain*
JL! r, f Yfl lu real estate. C»II. or adDeas lIKNItT
J. MMiDIIIO'.I, JOHN 11. AV Kill, 41 iliiMiard ciart.
SUBURBAN BEAU ESTATE.
SALK—Or rent—At Hinsdale, h»us« *ll ready to
suae into; cheap and on may terms; al«n i ji,v|
improved farm to trado for city propnir. Ctll on or
addrvaa ht llinadala iho owner, U. J. sTOCGIL
FOR SALK—BaiM?n» lata o*»ar Korlow.-iM: sls©
ei.rli, uti three r®i»re’ lim-, and no Ucwo,
«n pariH*-wbn will build a house worth tiftuo. or uvur.
TLoa. A. A JtaUou Hill, 431 W abaah-ar.
SALE—On monthly paymeuta—A flna n?w h-mw
L' auii Krt Uni- BVVUrb. ught rotlf* Hum Cbicaso,
rerv cheap. CEO. 11. UESJ, 45 Dead i.uuaat,,
re*ideuc«- l-ij Warreu ar.
I,'OR SALE—Large lota at North Rvanaton will ba
•1. BoMutiloug tima. No rwrmuut d<>wn where pur
ehaacr o. ntracts to build. ISAAC It. HIIT, 2S) Woa*
lUmli'lfb-81.
FOR >ALKOR RENT—At low flsnrea—Weat Krana
t* n. N> rth Ktunaton, and Glencuo houiM of from
ft to 10 r<Kim*. from Si.&K) to Sft.i*<o. R-nt from
9‘ft to Hu per mouth. C. E. BROWNE, SllOanal-aU
Room 13.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— A lot on W?at Lak* at., wr*t of tha Park,
f<.r a eaali cu»t«>aier. A. P. DOWNS A CO., 59 Weal
Madison at.. Room 2.
TlfANTED—lw'sh to rent or rurrhMs lot tn tha
vv LortKid district AUdre.a, with location and
teima, D. J. LAKY. 2ft South Canal at.
WANTED— On one of the avenue, eaat of Wabash
and north of Twetily.ninlh at., hi txn and Id, in
{ricAlrcmSio.QintotlS.Ono. JAly Immediately. FRED.
FAKE A CO-.ftlOMlchltSar.
WANTED— Property in burnt district bon tided by
Washington, Miehlgtn ar.. Yen Uuren and (’lark.
W lil pay all cash (or burguna. L. C..
TIT ANTED— Any party bavins a lot 20 or 2ft fort fionf,
vs <»u «r near Laeall* rt., north of SLtnroe at., to
lease for a ti rm of years, can hear of a tenant hr apply
ing to J. EDWARD FA iso West Washington it.
\\7ANTI D-0n Market, franklin. Wells. orLaSalls
M„ a 30 or 44 foot front on the corner of soma
lire* t or alley, Millable for a w*rehon*e. Mata locution,
rnrr. and terms, Address WAREHOUSE, Trjbaoo
i.flUo,
TTT ANTED—?O fool on elthsr rra’rie, Indiana. Forest
t f orCalnnet art., bet. Thirty-first an I Thirty
third el*. F, A. BRAGG A CO.. 46 Kail Harrison it.
\irANTH>-Frcm 1.000 to 3.0f>0 ten's of Jew* land
In exchange tor residence property In Chicago;
land mnn l>» chole* In quality, «n<i good location; al-n,
want me improved farms In Illinois. P. A. BROWN,
Heal E-tata agent, lloom 5, 376 Stalest.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANThD—To sell the Great Flnjor Chi
cago, hrrpast. pros-nt. and future. The origin,
progm*. and results of the Great Chicago CuntUgra
tion; graphic ecent-v. incidents, and details of tho dis
aster; list of the principal hankers, manufacturer*. and
merchant*; who *artf-lo*era; a corapi-teJototare of Chi
cago. before and after the fire; the trade and commerce
ot Cbirago, end detail* of its municipal affairs, and the
great fireeoltbe wotld. by Geo. P. Upton and Jamea
ebeaLan. Associate Editors of The Chicago Tribane. A
book of about 35» pages. illn«trated by the beet artists,
and will bo worthy the confidence of all. Will be sold
eTelnsivelyl-ysnhaerlption. Areola wanted In every
town. Addr-as UNION PUBLISHING CO., 163 Twenty
second et., Chicago, 111.
AGENTS WANTED—Ths treat Chicaco firs. Ths
crowning horror of the I9ih century. tOO.OuQ
tenon* reduced to beggary. Fearful scen-e; heart
rending incidents. 1,000 copies of this book selling
p**r day. Satnpto cope, post paid. SO cent*. GOOD
spfKifs empice Book, map and .picture
-DOV-'Ei Chicago. Cincinnati or St. Louis.
AGENTS WANTKD-13 to t'da day can be tnadeby
either trx with my new articles. Simples sent
free. C. U. LIMXGXON, M West Moaruo at. CM-
C»£o.
AGENTS WANTED—For "Chicago an.! the Great
Conflagration." by Messrs. Colbert and Chamber
lin, of The Chisago Tribute. A concise history of tho
pa-t of this most wonderful of cities, and a detailed,
circuniMrtDiial. end most vivid account of Its destruc
tion bvfire, with scenes, incident*. Ac. To be com
plete in ons handsomely bound octavo volnme of about
£OO p*ge*. with numerous illustrations by Chapin A
Oullck. trem phototraphlc view* taken on the spot.
Agents* bound prospectus (price root now ready. For
circulars, etc., address J. A, GOODMAN A CO., Pub
lisher*, ISSouthGroeost., Chicago.
AGENTS wanted— To sell nianebard’s Haps ef
Chicago, showing the burnt district. Single copies
sent by tn«ll for 2Sc-nts; fifty copies sent by exrreis for
M.OO. Address RUFUS BLANCHARD, 133 CUik at.,
Chicago. HI.
AGENT? WANTED—I! 2to §34 a day, !n every county
In the United titates, to sell a nr wly patented article
ol great utility end absolntely needed in every h«u«9-
held. Fop fnrtbsr mnicnUia ad.lrei* THE CHAM
PION MANUFACTURING COMPANY, C.eveland, O.
AGENTS WANTED-IISO a month! Employment!
Extra Inducement* I A premium horse and wagon
for agent*. We desire to employ ag-nts for a term of
seven xe*rs to sell the Borkeye t3u shuttle Sowing Ma
chines. It makes a stitch alike on both sides, and lathe
beet low-priced licensed machine In tb> world. ".A,
HKKDEUSUN A CO., Clevelaud, Ohio, or St. Louis,
Mo.
AGENTS WANTED—The Great Western Map and
Plrtnre Depot was the first to fill orders after the
fire ofnew goods on hand. The recub
lie and world mare. United S'nt.e county ra*c«, State
mnpa. roilgUne charts, fine lithojraph pictures, oval
framed pictures, steel eograviugs, chrumoa, Ac., Ac.
Fine assertraent; everything n«w. Litnographs of
(*hicacn In flame*. >7 per hundred. Books giving com
plete history of the great fire,*’ *33 per hnudred. llluv
tratrd with fine engravings and maps. One thousand
agent* wanted. Addres OEO, F, GUAM, 43 West Latte
t Chicago. 111.
WANTED —Ae*t»U In arsrv to*r« ••A COOMr,
aril Iho latent and most doH invention foi
marklrg Unen. books, card*, etc. Send for clrcnUt
to A. M. RICHARDSON, General Weatera Agent,
U2 South Baocaraon ft. CLtcagn.
FOR SALE.
FOR BALE—ISfI.COO brick. by C. CRAMER, atDepnk
Home, opposite C. tN.n. depot, from 6a. m. to J
y>. m or addrraa at Franklin Grove, 111.
FOR HALE—And to real—Planoa, organ*, and main*
dears, at th-Chicago Plano Factory, 2M Randolph
•t., ty J. PRESTON.
•J7OB SALK—SAFE-A lam second-hand Are and
a* boralar-proof *afe, aa good at new; coat 61.25*;
Dodd, Macneal A Urban, makers, with Sargent A Dodd
locks: will beaold for owner bavinr no use for it.
Addteva LION A BAKER, BnOalo. S. Y.
FOR SALE—Cheap—Jeweller*, attention. Two supe
rior astronomical chronometer*. Inquire at. 70S
Waba-har. O, A. CHAFFER.
FOR SALE-3n0.00Q crick: sampl-eand pric-s at,tha
efficeof TOLMANAKINO, Wholesale DruggisU,
'S3 Weal Lakes!.
FOR SALK—Army clothing, wholesale and ratal!;
revelry overcoats. Infantry overcoats, cavalry pants,
infantry pants; jmt the thing for farmer*, teaaetera,
and labonrs: e-nt by express ta all tm/tiaf
Call on or addreee CLEMENT A BAYER, MO MU
waukve av.
FOR BA LE—All kinds of wafehas end Jewelry. J. B.
Chambers A Co., 61 West Medison ft, formerly
eor, Clark atd Madleen.
FOB SALK-Law library. Apple to D. S. POWKLt,
at Sherman Doom. Address after 5 p. xa,, Peoria,
111.
l?OR BA LK—A Barotnw Victor Healer etove. Ko. 3,
F for sale cheep by MUNSON A CO.. 14 acd 16 Week
Randolph si.
P)R BALK-LeiM on stern 77 Midraoa at. St ora 90x
25. Apply at alore.
FOR BALE-Ticke'a fo_Bnfftlo. N. T.. and relons,
cheap. Addreea J; V. Trtbnne office.
For SALE-An Adema pHnllog a eh**t 2Sxl2
ir chee. heretffnrr n««d in the office of the
Beeorder. Springfield. Ohio, which fe new io be removed
ufpttulurgn ,Eo- Addreaa A. H. BASSETT. Pnbluh
teg Agent, epringfield. Ohio.
BOARD WANTED.
BOARD— A gentleman end wife desire board and
furnished room*, not to exceed »l» per week, witb
rrlvnte family la good locality on West Bid-. Btnte
incalitr and terms. Addroee LAWYER, 120- West
Waehlagton at.
BOARD-Ob West SJe. fAr natleman and wiCs;
fn nt room foruUhed or nnraralsbod. Addrets A,
Trlbooe office.
BOAtiD-By a genlleman, on South File, with
nccemmodatioa lor hureoen premisoe. Addreaa M V-.
Tribune tillce.
BOARD— For a single gentleman, on the West Side,
betweea Adsme and Randolph its., oast Of Onion
Park. Addreea Wl* 11, Tribune office.
BOARD— For the Winter by a family of four. P*yvats
fatnl’y prsterrod. Aadrou TAYLOR, iTlbum
offioe*
TO RENT-HOUSES.
FURNISHED house to rant, lilt India oa-av. Call at
premise*.
rpo KENT—Furnished bouse of 10 room*, or furniture
X for sale, 1227 Wahash-av.
TO KENT—A four stcry brick bouse- South Side near.
Harriron-U. Inquire at 3c9 Wabasb-av. AN*
DREWS A 880.
TO RENT—Nice cot taw, and small Quantity of faini
tar* for sale. Rent, IS. Also a perforating machine,
with pattern* complete. £55 Fulton it.
TO RENT—For eix months, a two-»ton house with
l>ssvmeht. and furnished, all new, good locuion;
reason, family going East for the wtut «r. Alio jko c>(.
and beds for Ml* Apply to A. T. bT JNE, Post Office
Dot 27.*, Kalamazoo, Mich.
IfO DENT—Home, and furniture for tala Tory low.
For particulars apply at 352 Csdomet af.; also a se
lect library of French works.
IfQ RENT OR FOB SALE-Vsrble feint of ten
rooms, furnished, on Pralria ar., by VOUNO A
ROWLEY, UW Prairie ar.
TO BENT—A three-story brick bouse, of eleven
rooms, water, gas, and barn; in perfect order.holns
newly papered and painted thrnchoot. Kent p-r
mouth. cNYDKR A LEE, Beal Estate Agsnu, J South
Hatsted st.
ypO BENT— Cottage of eight rooms and barn; »lp'r
X month. Inquire of BAY A SANBORN. 55 Madi
son st., or T93 Lake st.
TO BENT—Honsfr—At 761 West Monroe st.; part'r
furnished. Apply to ALLAN PINKERTON, id
West Washington st.
rpo BENT— Houss at Evanston, with btrn and twelve
X acres of ground, (.house furnished or out), until first
next May, or longer. Bent low. Call at 109 Twenty
second st. for information.
TO BENT—A 16 room nearly new brick house on one
of the Sooth Side avenues, half block from street
car*, and three and a half blocks sooth of Twenty
second st.; modern improvement* and very des.rable
every way, with furniture for sale. This f< one of the
beat of bargains. Apply to J. JJ. GOULD, 351 Wa
bash av.
rpO RENT—Cottage of 7 rooms, and fbrniture for sale
X cheap. Bent only S2u per month, ltd West Jack-
son-st.
rpO RENT—House 733 West Washington**!., with fttr-
X nltnre, or wllhont. Eight rooms, good cellar, sttuii
barn. Possession immediately, apply at 379 Warrou-av.
TO RENT—West Wasblsgtou-st. House, n roimt;
975. New trick, 45 minutes* ride, 910 and 935,
EDMUND O STILES, M 3 West Randolph-*!.
TO BENT—Two three-story marble fronts on Prairie
av., together or separate; contain 36 rooms fa all.
P. A. BROWN, Boom 5. 376 Stalest.
T'O BENT-One cottage, two brick houses, mod
ern improvements; two large parlors for offices, an I
a large basement. D. LEONARD. 45 South Canal st..
Boom 4.
TO BENT-STORES. OFFICES. Ao.
TO RENT—A new brick store, well located. In Aurora.
III.; also, a suite of rooms for re«ideaeo, oa second
floor, if desired. Inquire of Mr. EVANS, Ul Eigh
teenth st.. Calcego.
TO BENT—The large front room, second floor new
building 131 West Washington at. Inquire at Great
Western Type Foundry, M West Randolph st.
TO BENT—To Wholesale Dealers—We will rent our
brick store. 13 Milwaukee av., 20xi35, two fronts,
font stories and basement, chance for steam hoistway,
the whole or part. Apply or address STSYENS A BAR
KER, office 69 Slarwell at.
r PO RENT—Splendid banking, denial, and photograph
x rooms, and other offisee. Inquire at 292 West Madi
son at.
TO BENT— Pianos and organs.' All persons who
have rented pianos and organs of me will pleaae
call and report. WM, B. PBOSdER, 81 BUtewoth-*t.
TO RENT—A fin* brick store, MtM), No. 339 Dt«*
plain**.'near Polk at. Inquire at 37 West MadUon
at., id basement.
TO RENT—Second and third floor*, also basement or
IS South De*p!*lnea-at., aultabl* for wholesale
merchandise. A. KIDDER; office in alley rear ot 46.
TO RENT—Two fine parlor* for bu«iae*« purpose*, on
Wabash ar.. near Rdrldg* conn. Bent J-0 per
tuortb. 6NYDLBA LSE, Beal Estate Ageota, 9 South
Daisied at.
TO RENT—A building In rear of 87 West Jladia-m-at.,
auitable for manufacturing purpoa?*. now occupied
aa Sream Dya Work*, with or without fixtures. Apply
at 67 \VaahlDglontt.,op atalra, Boom 2.
TO RENT— Several fire houses and office*. Apply (o
HEN BY J. GOODKICU. 41 Hubbard o-.nrt.
TO RENT—ROOMS-
FOR REST— 3 room* auitable for buuseke-ploa. In
quire at Ico9 state at., uear Twenty-fourth at.
TO RENT—Several apartment* auitable for maunfa:-
turing purpoaea. with ttoam power. 27 North Clla-
ton at.
TO RENT—An office on first floor, CM per month, at
61 Madison st.
rPO REST— Furnished or unfurnish-d room*, with or
X without board, a; »*i West Mourns at. Good refer*
etiCe*itequired.
TO RENT—Unfurnished room* In new house with
modern improvements; also, board, if desired. Ap
ril at 169 West AiUn.* »t.
MISCELLANEOUS.
AST LADY' of middle ago and good reconttnanda
tiona, having# little means and wishing a p-nn-t*
c-nt home, with a man of moderate moan*. r*t» corre
spond with him by aeudlog addieaa to J K P, Tribune
o filer.
k LADT who has snff-rrd hasvy pecuniary lo»s by
-1 the fire, deeltre to obtain a .me travelling agency,
or would like to meet me part* who would *Mist her
hi teaching the Lu»t. Ad tress Mr*, FLORENCE, Tri
bute office.
tIIIIUAGO RUINS—I hvvo over 3M different vtaw*—
j etenorcoric and panursmie-whieb 1 am prepared
to tarnish, itt-tll »r wholesale, at ivaaonatde raw.
Send for catalogue. WM. BILiW, 13? Twenty-sec
uud at.
Divorces legally obtained fohdesrr.
tioo, crnelty, Ar. after decree. Eight ytura*
experience. Addicss Postuffico tu37.
DIVORCES legally obtained without newspaper re
port. SENT ELL I’UATT. Attorney in the Stati
and Uollid Mates Courts, 1134 AVabaab -v.
GS. miBBARD, JR.. REAL ESTATE AGENT,
No C 8 Canal-et.. will lease booses, collect rente,
acll real estate, and do all kinda of conveyancing.
Several well located residences In tbo West Division
for Mlo. All abstract* of title and other papers in my
care saved from late fire, Q. 6. HUDBAitD, JR., 66
Canal-fit.
IF yon want to sell your oldibooks for (ha highest cash
price, call or ndurrrs the Cheap Book Storo, 363 Wa
bash av. CUAI'IN A CO.
MIrSES E. AND B. GRANT, formerly of 333 North
Dearborn at. will reopen tboir t-jarOluc and day
school at 74 Qraut place on Suv. 6.
dress aa above.
■XTOTICE-Star f.anndry. from No. W Stats «f. baa
11 opened at w; Siadison at. They savetl soraral bun
dle* from the fire. The customers havingchanes at the
laundry at that time will call at the above number.
Mrs. A 3lr. RICUIIULD. Proprietors.
SEND to FROST'S D*t>oit Lumber and Woodeairsre
Works, Detroit, Mich.. for|Exeelaior.
H T ASTED—Thoee who understand cutting out and
11 making paper boxes. Address; J. A. BEUBTA
CO.. 26 U oodhridge *t,. West Detroit. Mich.
FLOURING MILL and Orlat Sim tor Sato or to Lease
—(■nr of the |nrsr*t and bait app dnted mills in tlia
Eastern States, wall aitnatcd to receive grain and trans
port Its flour, with a largo local onslne**. For tntor
niation apply tn F, KENNEDY, Winooski Falla,
Vermont, or JOSEPH SAWYER, 13 Chauncey at..
Button, Mass.
txyANTED-Immedlately, twenty double teams, with
at bolkw*gt>ns. S A. LITTLE, Shaw's warehouse,
if >3 Grove at., corner Twcnty-flrat.
WANTED— A Rood eeeond.liand harse-power drill
tor which a c<>od price will be paid in cash. Ad*
dress J.W. WILLIAMS, 601 Wab-ahav.
BRICK—I hare ion,(Kk> beautiful cream
n co'ored brick* for auje, suitable for fronts of Lu.tJ-
Inga. D. b. CIiADVt ICK, ’Watertown, Wisconsin.
WANTED—A good second-hand show e«*e, from sit
vy to ten feet long. Nickel plate frame preferred.
HODGE A UOMF.I:, 75 Weat Bacdolph at.
TIT ANTED— A cood »scond*hacd piano, at a moderate
price. Addrese, staling particulars, L. Tribune
office. f
tT’ANTTP-To pnrrhaao an Interest !n a newspaper
I? published in some enlerprUing Western town.
Addma S' W W, Tribune office.
WANTED— Piano-1 want to buy for cash, agojd,
rh»ap piano. Gin* m»me of maker and price. Ad*
drrsa M ÜblC, Tribune office.
W ANTED—Cheap for cash, a mirror ahont tom* feet
square; not pa* t (ruler fur size. only want it cheap.
nolUlKl.N, PALMER AGO,. 171 Twenty second et. S
WASTED-TO LEASE—A lot on or near Markets!,
YY betwe-n Monroe and South Wutor et, to erect a
temporary building for one or two years. Address
IONK, Trlbnne office.
WANTED— Tn LEASE—A Jot for a number of yevs
*n tho South bide, north of Van Harm and W'.*s|uf
Well* st. Apply to AUSTIN DOUGHERTY, Jlarbls
Dealer, 309 West Madison st, _
TfTANTED—Good men to Ret advertisements and m*
>Y talliab mute* tor tho CHICAGO DAI LY EXPRESS
—tlia new wide-awake Itomocratlc daily, which will he
Issntri on Saturday of this wet k. and every dnr there*
after, as the orsaa of the Democracy, which the Times
Is conceded no looser to be. The EXPRESS has ea*
gaccd a full corps of able editors and expert reporter*,
and promises to be tbs heat local news sheet in tbis city.
Office, 63 Canal st.
WANTED TO RENT-
TIT ANTED—To Kent—Three rooms tn a private bon**,
YV soluble for hcurekeeplno. situated south ofTwen*
ty*fiDh street. Address, B. KINO, car* of Satnusl Tor*
nor. Trvmont Home,
WA NTF.D—To Rent—A store on Late st, bet. Market
aod|Wells sfs. Anyone Intending to rebuild ita*
mediately can find a good tenant by calling at Leather
Store, 497 West Lake et.
TTTTANTED—To Rent—An office, suitable for a btnk,
nenr corner of Canal and Madison st*. Apply l*>.
tore 10 m. to day. KERB. DAVISON A WELCH.
Room I Welch's Building, 63 and 63 South Canal st.
WANTED— TO RENT—A Root room tor; hanking
office, centrally located. West Side. Inquire of D.
LEANOKD, 43 Pouth Canal at. Room 4.
WANTED— To Rent—Furnished rooms suitable for
housekeeping tor young 0.-uple. Will pay from
•33 to 133. South Sid* preferred. Address Booms Si.
Tribune office.
WANTED- T o Bent-IwUh to rent adwellln* contain
ing from 10 to 13 rooms.on sue of the avenues In the
South Division, in the vicinity of Twenty**ecoud *t..
and having a barn attached, A. COWLES, Tribune
office. 61 C*osl et.
TO LEASE.
FOR LEASE—On long time—23o feet on Washing,
ton st., corner of Peoda. This Is a tn'it desira
ble location tor business or hotel, and can be had
on reasonable terms. MEAD A CUE, 79 West Madison
PERSONA!*
ISATAH PARKER loat Insurance pap-re. between
T»finy-«fcnad at an>l Third ar, Anr on? ntornlne
umr m Bowrn. iim.ia\Yliulo«. 125 Michigan**. will
be liberally rewarded.
PERSONAL— Thomas Loddy, Jr., can b« found at
371 Mato at.
IxEBSONAL-If James R. Spicer will call at tb« Tre
moat House to-day. Usury Spicer will ba clad to *ee
him.
PERSONAL— 51 MB. EUGENIS DK ROODS Utrß.
teacher of piano and v.*csl culture; residence 712
W*et Hr.nroo st, At home Tbnrtdayi. Fur terms, etc.,
apply at tie muilc stores.
PERSONAL— Will Hannah Dillon, who Hrdat 361
jllinola at, at (be lime of the fire, eeud her addreee
inMre. 8., at SlandnTllle’a. cor. Michigan ar. and
Taenty.aecoad at.
PERSONAL— A badieTor of S3, being matrimonially
inclined, desires a lady correspondent. A sufferer
fremU* late fit* preferred. Addreis S. DOOLITTLE.
Centre Creek. Jasper County, Ho.
PERSONAL— Emms Anderson, from <OO entworth
av.. «|io Inquired for Geo. H. Clark or fam lly, can
Sad GEO. H. CLARK at 131 South Sangamon at.
WILL ÜBS. HALL, who, with her boy Willie,
lived on the North Side, communicate with Rev.
K. Sullivan, Wabash Alio, Mary Ann Gann,
who lived on Wells st,
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
B BOOKMAN A BRINNFB, 190 Twenty-second at.*
have for sale So eood bore's, harness, buggies, two
Carrie***, obe Gret-olass landau, two oxpre-s wagon*.
At, Firvl clan livery turn out ready at all hoars, day
and night. Honey advanced on all property left with
ns for sale.
-pOUR HORSES for tale. Apply to BRUNO GOLL. 605
Canel-st,
T 1 VERT—Omaha Llverr, Bale and Boarding Stab Us.
ij aorner Twenty-third and State its. M. 0. WIL
BUR, Proprietor.
TETANTED-A nearly .new single cutter, cheap for
YV cash, or In exebagge lor painting. Adana* xB,
Tribune office,
TTTANTED-A sprightly, kind, sound; boggy bores,
IT thoroughly broke. Any psretm haring soch a
hnree for sale cheap, can apply at 51* Hlchigan av.
fTTANTED—A good horse, not over I Teat* of ag<
If aua w-lgbinr n«t less than I.OgO pooads. Aapl
to SWAN, CLARK A PLATT, 31 and 36 South Caua
st.. Boom No. 1.
SEWING MACHINES.
CIKOER SEWING MACBIKB OFFIUR of J. X.
O WILKINS, formerly 131 Dearborn at, n«*wl67Mjl
wankeeav. Uachinaa tohl on meothly iustaUmexu,
and work given in raiment. If desired.
TO LEASE.
TO LFA6E—Ofeet or 60 feet by 100 deep eu Washing
ton st., en long time, to U» improved at once with a
first class building, far banking, insurant*, or eommer
elsl offices. Apply ot 151 WoshlbEtonat, :J. L. CHAP
HAN.;
WANTED—MALE HELP
WASTED— TAILOR—A Rood situation for Stit*eUa
cutter and maker—No other peed apply. Single
man preferred. Address LOCK BOX 12, Galesburg, IU.
TTTANTED—Ira first-class carpenters at souths**
»T corner Twelfth and Canal sta.
TT7ANTED—At Once—Two drst-class body makers.
If htendr Work and a fine shoo to work la. AddreW
G. HAWLEY A CO., McGregor, lowa.
Ttr ANTED—Book keeper: on* who has had experience
If in the stationery and publishing business' pre
ferred; a middle-aged mao, with family, moat desired.
Rent or beard reasonable, and location pleas mt and
healthy. A good salary will be paid for a mao who will
suit. Addiera. with reference* or recommendations.
CRANE A BYRON, Printers, Binders, and Stationer*.
Topeka. Kansas.
TTT’ANTED—A few first-clasi clothing nl.’smon. Ad-
IT dress YOUNG, BROS, A CO., slu Matq B t„St.
Louts.
TT7AKTED—A first-class coach pad and fine harneaa
if maker. A good, reliable mechanic of this kind
can find steadr employment. Apply by letter or io per
son at US Sececa-st., Cleveland, Ohio. 0, KNOWLKS.
WANTED- A reliable man to canvas* the city and
take orders for stores. Apply at 913 Indiana ar.
WANTED— A pood newspaper compositor. A sober,
steady man e«u h-»re a permanent situation. Ap
ply to CHAPIN A GLOYEB, Dally Journal, Jackson
ville. II).
WANTED— Laborer* to go South for levees and rail
road work; free fare; a*« office fee; also, tav-mlll
bands. A. ANQELL, St West Randolph st.
WANTED— A smart, active boy, who has worked at
gas-fitting: also, a ynong man to solicit orders oa
Salary and commission. Apply at 735 Wabash av.
TT7ANTFD—A manufacturing and Jobbing boat and
IT shoe house in B* stop, are desirous of aeeur log sev
eral first class salesman, having a trade In tlUaeis.
lowa, Missouri, .Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan.
Address, till Nuvetnlwr 12. stating the experience, the
amount of sales, and the location of trad*, with addrrsa
atd te'ereners. No letters answered tilt date above.
Will l»« in the city tben. BOSTON BOOTS,oareTre
mont Ilnnae, Chicago.
TTfANTHD-Two shoemakers; constant employment.
V Call, bet ween 5 and 6 o’clock, at bakery. 153 West
Harrison and ask for J, b. WATSON.
Hi
WANTED—A goodarchltecturat dreughtaman. Ad
1T dmi or apply to JOHN W. RuBEUTd.364 Va
bash av.
TWANTKD—An experienced boy to wait on table, and
make fires, ana brush boots, etc., 577 Michigan av.
WANTED— A first-class shoemaker, to do ea»M
work. Apply to 133 Twenty-second it. HUB
DADO A CO.
WANTED— Bailrotd men for the Sooth: also, tavee
n.en and two farm bands. Call at 105 West Ran
dolph st.. up stairs.
TV ANTED— I Twenty tloht barrel coopers- Apply t*
is JONES A CHAPIN, corner Wentworth ar. and
Sixteenths!., Chicago, 111.
XUANTED—A man who writes a rapid, plain baud,
Apply, between 13 and I to-day. at Tribune offiew.
WANTED— A carriage wood worker for general
work. Apply Is GARLAND, HOLMES A 00..
50 end 52 North Canal st.
XV^TED—AtIS Milwaukee ar., 2 buttomerf, tad
11 our fitter oa first style boots.
WANTED— A first claw workman for sewed boot*,
at No. 101 Mala at., Peoria, 111. U. WaLRACuI
\ITANTED—An experienced man to sell teas and
19 st ices from l-av a pen,lowa. wue wi o has a trade in
town and Is willing to work cheap, address. with real
name, for particulars, P.O. Box 4 <3, Davenport, lowa.
V\7 ANTED—TUfs day— >oo laborers for pinerlM. rail
-11 toads, farms, carpenters, bricklayer* and all oth
rr kinds. Frre fare to moat or the work- The highest
wages paid. Als». for sate cheap tickets for those geler
South. Employment headquarters. Boom 3.S Llal'a
Block, Randolph at. bridge.
X\ T ANTED—A good steady, temperate baker, to taka
II chare* of a cuntry bikery. Apply to PECK A
CO., 377 West Randolph st. this morning.
TIT ANTED-too more men for C., B.A Q. R. R.; fte#
far**; i-o office fee: also 40 farm hand a at ft a dar.
ANDUMV G. Bl NO A CO., No. 23 Milwaukee ar.
WANTED— Acenta to cell lithograph plctnre* of
Chicago lu flamta. and map ot Chicago abow{ng tbw
burnt district, fc.mrl-s of both soot on receipt of st
ernta. B, B, LASDUN. Act.. No. S Lind Clock.
Chicago.
TVANTRP-Two cabinet maker*. Apply to HESBT
f* SI. cUKKWouD. UJSouth Canal »u
\V ANTED—Throo men of batloeta experience ee«
T* «cl good el.-natlon* hr calllnget Che office of til*
CHICAGO DAILY EX PRESS, 63 Canal at.
TV* ANTED—S{* good tin and aheet Iron worker*, at
the (lot Ar E urnaco Emporium of SuOUKk k
JENK6. State *l.
WAKTED-FEMALE HELP.
Tir ANTKD-A German girl to do kitchen work at SS
11 Michigan av.
WANTED— A good girl to do general honsawotk.
Inquire Room 1, U, W abash av.
WANTED -At once, two good girls, one that onder
*lao<-e plain cooUug. washing and Irenlng. and
one a* et-eond git I, Swedish, Norwegtao, or German.
1316 lVa(j»*t>.BT.
ANTED— A girl for general housework to go a h>w
11 milre In tin* country. Family email; wagwsfl;
ran*t here cood rcc- mmen latfcn*. Call at 669 Stale at..
Mechanics’ Exchangeefllce.
TITANTE D—Paper Box Makors-airis—Both past*
If and wlti«* worker*, will find steady employment
wuh 11. NIKDECKEN, 417 East Water at., Uilttalue
ll!* ANTED—Twelve good dr-*t*-m*kor*. who under
it drretHU their toducs* fully; uun* other* ue*4
appl). at l'6t ludisnaar.
T\ f ANTKD—A compe'ant cook, well recommended,
u App'y at 15.6 Prairie av.
Tl* ANTED—Get man or Norwegian girl fur geasrat
1» homework. Apply at Hit Prairie av.
IITANTED—A girl for general housework; German op
11 rcat.diuasiau puttrrod; family smil.; at UH
M.cUgtn av.
WANTED— A gt;l Is gu a »hort distance In the cotin
try. to ti-fc- care ot children an I assist in general
h< network. Andy to lUslllCK. Tribuno office, be
tween 3 and 6 p. m.
\V r A>TEU—A girl cr an acM women to dohousa
if w«>tk. App<y at '.s3 West J ick«on at. Wage*,
competent arcond girl will fiudaga>vl
11 Lome, tor the winter, io the country; wages, 8J
Week. App’y at So. 34 North Canal at., to-day. at 4
o'clock p. m.
T\ T ANTED—A girl to do second work and take earn of
11 ciddnu. Apply at t9 Uutuu Park place, north wf
Carroll at.
TIT ANTFD-A first-clsas cook in a«Tnall famitr of fir#
IT prtpla Apr>v tu-dsy and Thurslay with refer
ence at 711S \\>»t Jtonf"* *t.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
SITUATH»N WANTED—Ryan accountvnt: willwark
at a low ll.urc for the winter: has firat-c)a»a ability
and referent**. Addim J. P. W 339 West Indiana at,
SITUATIONS WANTED-By a husband and wlfa.
Americana, and snfWrr* by the lato fire: wife t#
cwk cr du-arccnd w r.rk. bnabauu t<> make himself gen
erally D *'ul tor bis board. Ka rrruc*-* given if tw
3uiicd Pha?a nditres* J. C., Tribun-* office, tor Iww
ay*. Address CuCKSKY. Tribune office.
For particular* ad-
SITUATION W’ANTED—By a young nrait; having
wutked aa carpenter lor year*; and ala prtettend
dr»wmm-e« draughtsman. Address DBAUGUfdMAS,
Tribnne tfiee.
SITUATION WANTED By a Toting man afftwd htb>
Its, ha* li>«t an arm. In aoim* pUe* vh-ra there
will le sieedy vmpli.ymont; It willing to da anything,
office work preferred. Call, or address EUC, 3*3 Went
Randolph at.
SITUATION WASTED-Br a young man of expert*
race. ascri'lil-r or txnkkerper, or any position of
treat. Can fotulsh b-'st rf city rnfanreos. Address A
SI. cat* of J, L. Knie*. 7* Weat Washington at.
QITCaTION WANTED—To carpenter* and lumbar
O mvichsnls—as bookkeeper nr salesman; carpenter
by trade; twenty ye«r»’ experience; fr>*m England air
works. Address KDYALE, Tribuneoffice.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMA-LE
SITUATION WANTED—Aa copylat by a young lady;
good p’-nman. Coll at 333 Fourth ar.
SITUATION WaNTED-A re*roctsble girl to do see*
omlw»tk or'aka care of children. Call for two
days. at 773 Third ar.
CITUATION WANTED—As second ffirl la a print*
fondly. Apply immediately at Id Winchester »v,
West bide.
A SITUATION WANTED—As oook.washer and Iroiee,
Id a Private fatcily. ort.ido esneral houMirurk
In a email family. Apply at 11* Calumet ar.
AS! K3* ENGINES, portable 3to Thorne pjw.r;
threshing. 9 and K-hrrso; circular saw; tr'lU.
For»ui< n'a giimllng mills, corn shell*rs, billing, etc.
COLLINS I.ATON,
BLANDY’S t-tatlooary and Portable Engine* and
aaw mill*. Daniels A Woodworth’s planers, sash
ticker and moulder, shaping machinoe and mortice*
machine* F. w. KdiITIIKOP, Agt.
FOR SALE—Bakers’ Machines—'Three Holyland'*
brakes (»wo power, and one hand), I ilotlne Jonih
tnixer. sad I McCnllem cracker machine, wish four cot
ters. Can be had for IUI fur tbs entire lot. The aW*
linselAfn but little n«e<!. For full description addrae*
If. F. ADAM.-, 66 S. Market st. Nashville. Tean.
FOR HALR-Stearu eneine. Bxl6. on h-avy cast tr»«
irame.ROTernoranddrivlnzpnHey. I’riesfSM. Os*
•bde lathe, nearly new, swings Jt-loch: torn* 10 feet 6
Inch long. Price on* Slide lathe, mt. w»«ki;
swtnß 20 inch; turns 7 feet. Price 1373. Address BEUCC,
Tlibune office.
MACHINERY— Shafting,pnlleys, and hanzertroa
cbices for folding shirt front*; all kind* of lm
prored machines for making paper boxea; paper collar
machine* of themnst improved «fl«s c *P-r l,n ll,m
cliln.ry, ul udili;'
the flreat reduced prW*. at W. U. TOLIIDRST'S Ma
chine Works, Troy, N. Y. P. 3. Agvzt wanted la Oki
cago.
ONE IJ foot bed 50 loch swing, one U foot bed 24 Inch
swing, one I* foot bed a> Inch *wlilt. one 5 toot bed
18 inch swing, one 6 foot ht-d 12 Inch swing en«lnejlathe*,
iren planere, drills, wool working mschloery. “gj'j
all on band and for sale, cheap, by w, A. JAMBS m
CO., til and 113 Fallon st.
PLANES and matcher machines, Fatrarsnrfacoiw,
Walker’s resawing machines at old prices by W, A,
JAMES A CO.. 1U and 113 Fulton at.
SECOXU-nASD MACUIS-iET—A I.rcj lot o/UthK,
plane*, and drills, from a concern in the Ca«t doling
Lnatmts; great bargains. Call at the machinery depot
of W. A. James a CO., m and 113 Fulton St.
XITANTED-A good second hand 12 to 15-bors* power
If engine and boiler compute, faquir* 1W East
EUhtocuth et.
LOST Aim FOUND.
A LIBERAL REWARD will be paid, and Deques*
liens asked, for the return of a light lumber
wagon, made by J. Campbell* with a long plain bux net
fainleo. It was tsken from front of carpenter shop, 73
Harrison st., on the nlf tofthe great Ore. Re
turn to G. W. HOWARD, rearer? State sU
IF MR. DEN?L«»W. who reported at PoUes Hsvl*
qnattets, this morrvng, a horse and buggy picket wp
la*t nisbt. will iufi-rui the officer In charge there whsr*
they may be found, he wilt much oblige him.
t OST— *2O Reward—A a account book containing
[a|wr«, 66 In Canada money, *4 la sreenback money,
orcount, nod pUu or boos*. Plcoao return it to
Vrtat-1 AMociatlon, corner of Laka mad Canal
ata. boqnrallonaaskrd. 11. K. FAITU.
LOST-Un the moraine of the 9tb Inst., one lealber
ervertd trank, marked ff. J. Joaea; said trank
contained twi*: waacathe pavement In front of the
Honor* Bloik. on Dent boro at. Anyone giving in forma*
lion «htn atid trunk can b«b«d will imi suitably ra
warded by addressing JOHNSON, CLARK A CO., UT
Wml Hadleon at.
LOST-Oh Plate at near 40*. a pocket meaiatandmw
brnk. Theflbdtr will please retorn it to 0.11.
COLE, 1055 State at., and receive a anltable reward.
LOST— Ob the morning of Ort. 9. a ftnall leather
tatehel.'mnrkrd "C. F. Webster. Loet on the taka
front, sot tar Iron the bate ball ground*. A ealtaH*
reward will be Mid for the ri-CoT«ry of iuu. Address
0. F. W EBbTER, UUiton boose.
TAKEN La*t Friday, a bay horse withsaddi*
on. Owner can bavo the eatne by proving property
paylrg ib*rgee, etc. Apply corner Robey and Souih
western ar.
TAKEN from Lake Shore, In front of Terrace Block.
Cctober 9,1 carved rosewood nh fenea satin). I
walnut bot'kcaae, 3 patten carpet** border and centra
(burrs: I cabinet bedstead, walnut; 3 rosewood bu
reau*, 3 eels crimson aatla valence. 3 coder cheats*oa«-
taluiDl s lets of ermine, clothing, etc. Any penea
having knowledge rf-the wher-eioa»e of the abova
ortlcleo will in'nrm McAULET. TUB A CO.. 909 Hiehl
gen sv.. near Tan Boren it. Liberal reward ud bs
questions asked.
TfiTANTKD—Owner ft*r two piece* furniture covering.
I aaved from the Are on North SWa.foqolreofß,
W. BL.ATCUFOBD- at Lead Works, or F. A. DOOLIT
TLE, 6*9 State st.
Aor REWARD—WiII be paid for tha. recovery of n
•IhZO solo-trailer trunk, lost on the morning ef Oot
-5T raid trunk wascoveredwlih-cnnvasa; pad on ena
end a Southern Hotel, 3t. Louie. Übet. and watalnad
ladles* wearing apparel and sosse Oliver narked Wll
son.** W hen last seen by the owner tha trunk was on
tbs take front, near baao l«U grounds,. beod.lnbrtaa
tion to ALBKUT HOLMES., MaattfaaUren’ NaUoaaJ,'
Bonk. Chicago.
Apa REWARD—StoIen, SaudtT ovenlag, from (hoot
tirOU of 319 West H'lnroe at., a light gray bona and.
tap buggy, patent wh«i*. The above reward will be
Mid to any one. retncnlax him to 3*5 South Pork av.,
Chicago-
Aprv REWARD, and no question* aiked—A let of
SrOU sampl* shoes, packed in 3 boxea and seme in
tnnm dr.w.t. U« urM Jwlt
Ond, fimntilK 111., X. O. K 8., ,1. T.nddl.; uke»
Irom tb. .1d...1k In trm’. ot th.
WANTED TO EXCHANGE.
TO EXCHANGE— Fbrelty property, oevsral splendid
ferae Id Illinois asd WlecoMte; eleatwo nod fruit
farms?" R*. KENNEDY A OO.i Reel Estate Brokers, ia
West Uadiwn et.
TXT AN TED—To exchange a gaedheuM and lot on
W nils sv. for lot north of Furty-aeventk ht. and
*LI e» Dre**» lhlo.
J.». AA. SCGTKL, 657 W obMh
MACHINIST.