4
:Pr

_ r rAVAJiix uiUbrAKcs;
SJaiy EilUftn, per year, uy urim s-~rr..;.yg.w
TrUwccUr Edition, per year, liy. 6.00
BoiriayJ:diiip<i>c| yair, by
SvSkly Edition, per year, by M4lb«i
of a year at Uic.KSao fAc. v-
■’Totprevent delay ini euro findxjiro Cost..
ICHBco addr»s In lulClncJudinp State and county.
Poetmaetets arc allovxd lO;por,c«it cnmtnlrdoii on
jjiiriy eubsciJpUonß.
v j’.aiilttahccsmay by draft, otptoss,_
ordoritjr in registered at our risk,
v TtWISTO CITY SUBSCIUIinRSI
t 3My,d^r«K^^miilty’dsc<H>tcd,2jceDUporu-eek.
J)3jr, delivered, Snuflay
AUitosi."
A.-gfe. CMc»e», 1U
IS71
xhc coimiiitteo of.the Board of Al
tit'nncn Lave bccn-;-CJ*gtfged several days
iuntiicuitf an,orilfeouco-. fixing limits within
xftQch thci-c shMlbe no wooden buildings
rreoK'da*- i J has devoted its time
iO frying to fcul a snitahle iiuo.ici/Am thtf
fii^'limits, :mtilirrc is their gr.and mistake,
3Vi,reason can be given for prohibiting the
of a wooden Jniilding oh. South.
\Valcj* street that does not apply, equally to
ihe erection of such a building on any other
street. The Xorth-SidtfwasTrotccted.-on'the
night of October S, hy tho solid masonry of
aho Sonih Division and tho width
r,£ tho river,'.'but ’that did'not -proven!
the sprout ot tho- fire, originating-two
sillies distant, in a shed on DeKovcn
Ktroot. Building brick buildings is no iffo-"
toction against the spread of tiro,*6o lou£ as:
there aro mile? of adjoining territory ‘cover
ed with.'tinderihosflß. ..lo.coinpcl persons to
ti'ccfc "brick buildings within an enclosure of
woodenoii&ls aud
Biifitalcs ofany penna-'
/nci#httfl^ags^tia’simplydevising atnip
to <ateh valuable .property, £O- 11 at it can be
r«*a^ly*bnrnaluj».„ Wo‘reheat that ho rca
«>on;can be-given fram? buiid-
jnps on t.iour..-aldirs famig.. £lio. public
square, that does riot dcnraiid'tlnrprrthibitioii
of of-biuhliugs -iu all other
paris of,tlie ei 1 y,':; ‘is fli6 reason for.
prohibiting them at all Why not
peiai'lf 1 X^iireU.-'Eahilolph,.-..Washington,
;.t(V....Vp;.v.Thbuilt
Vitli frame buildiuga f Are thoy any more
dMgeroßOheidTiiau "-bii'. -Tweatyrsecbnd
filrett,or Btnbvn streetj ftr North avenue?
U hey wilU*- no moro iudammable in tho ono
place tlianjnihe.bihcriand will bo oqually so
iu botli pku-ps. Kv(Ts’fnmiobnUdingerectcd
in CJucayo-i* a- }>ositive injury to the city.
It iueyciit? tin* election .of. permanent build
ings in its •iK-’gbborhood; and postpones the
pennancntluupiovemeat.of-the city. It is
fmilt'to bo.luinit. That is tho fate of every
fri-mo building erected in this city. Tlie
Iniimiug'may be postponed, blit the result is
We aver:igi',-pcrhaps. sevcial hun
dred fires c;ich year,but this year the destme
tb'U iirs been by the tlipusauds, carrying
Willi them thohsands of i»crmancnt strnc
3urea caught within tho trap marked out by
ibo cily ordinances.
Yhv experience of other cities is worth
something. The frequent tires in Pittsburgh
warned the city of the danger to which
frame buildings subjected the property and
Jives of lho*i>eoplc. The same arguments
ihnt,ate now used here wore used There, and
It wasi.vcnra before tho prohibition could *bo
adopt* d. U came too late. The buildings
already erected w» re numerous. One ofj
lhc*e rook fire, and iu twelve hours- the city
was hut a smoking ruin. Then the or
dinance, was enforced. &ui Francisco was
supplied with lumber in largo quantities
from the pineries of Oregon. The question
*\rasth::u asked, as it is now asked here, and
has been asked everywhere else, why should
we, »who have lumber iu abundance,*
hnild of brick, and where is the
fuii’k to come from? The friends
of tho poor niah’H humble cottage”
were as strong as they have hitherto boon iu
tTiicagp, and frame buildings wore not pro
hibited until San Francisco had been burned
tint *sr<v font-?. Tficn there was a demand
du.stry, and bricks, as a building material,
became cheaper than wood. Frame houses
suv no longer built in San Francisco. There
is not a city in the United States having
100.01W inhabitants which permits wooden
buildings to be erected within its limit*.
Why should Chicago be an exception; Is it
r.ny more difficult to make brick in Chicago
than in St. Louis, or Baltimore? ,Wo
haw, in the vicinity of this city, all
the material needed, and we can
■produce as much brick, and at as low a price
s».s t hey can be produced at any other place.
“When our fire occurred, there wore many
2uillions of bricks for sale along tho line of
ihe canal at per thousand, audduriug next
summer,-ami for years to couic.wccau.ro*
reive from that route alone nearly all the
bricksj.vw can-use. A hundred brickyards
v-anluf started here and he in full operation
:is tiffou its the frost is but of the ground.
ThereTieed be no, fear of a;want.of bricks or
ef aiJcxtortionate price for them. There is
t«H) much day within a radiu* of 100 miles of
ibis city to leave any doubt ns to a supply
qual "to any demand.'
OITR MEUCUANTB AND THISIR IN-
BVBANCE.
lYc have heretofore spokeirof the advan
tage lb bo gained by tho merchants -of Chi
cago, in the work of starting afresh, by sys
tematic and’' well-directed co-opcration.
This is necessary in fixing localities, in keep
ing up commnnieation 'with the country
trade, and. evenin stocking up for the win.-’
lex's b&iiittiss: buf itislnno respect so im*
peraUyoly fiieoded as in- the securing of in
demnity-. for. their losses by the fire.
A. large.-.port ion of -Ihe.. .mercantile
insurance of Chicago was placed in
the twonty-New York -companies which iiave
wispeuded operations since the fire, and a list
of which, with tho amount, of their assets,
we published yesterday. These assets
amount Xo about thirteen and a half millions
C513,4y1»,217), and tho losses which these com
panies will ho called upon to settle are not
imieU-bhort of twenty-five millions. These
:*ro held, as we have said, mostly by mer
chants, and divided up into policies of *5.(kX)
each onless. On these* policies it-is Impos
sible present to recover anything; indeed,
since :ill of the companies have discontinued
Jjusincss, and .appointed, .their own Kc
reivera, who hit.v by the New York statutes,
allowed three years in which to wind up the
:iflairs entriisted to them, it is morally cer
tain that-our merchants-wifl get nothing at
fill htJtime to help them build up in trade
Sigain, except they do it by settling at a
xnost -’cold-blooded shave—say one-half of
cntitledto.
Th& i.s not the way in which Chicago mer-
settling with their creditors, tho
importers-of New York—those who are insol
vent turning over everything they have,
like men. thereby cementing the good will
which prevails between the mer-
of the two. cities, and
assuring the most' generous terms of accom-
credit for the future. Indeed,
it. ib.not the way in which the stockholders
or life, directors of tho broken insurance
companies wmld wish to arrange’ their af
hurs;i£ theyfemld meet their creditors face
1«» facb. The dWuf obstacle in tho way of an
suivautagcous to the want
of coroperatiou here)' is* the fact-that
all the visible representatives of the
compapies, whoKti
would if he. appeal ,tq
the company ior- arcvrie iV
officiaisof the conoeru--Sec rotaries, Kecelvers,
and others of that ilk,"'whose broadband but
ter and fast horspytlepend upon the prolong
ing of their-Cobiliany’s affairs to the moat re
anote period possible. Many of these func-.
tionnries are drawing salaries of from $15,000
to $30,000 a year, .some ranging even higher
than 'figure, Of course these fellows
■cannqt afford to see'any moro of the com
pany’s money wasted in paying indemnities,'
and thereby withdrawn from the salary fund,
than tjffiy can help.'
Accordingly,' when a Chicago merchant
drops In-at the office of one of these splendid-
hb isntterly unable to
obtain any assurance that he will get auy-
in. rcturn -for his premiums of
past fie a-gorgeous office, filled
with gorgeous young meii who have dropped
in for a moment, fo take a look .at .their led
gers. They are the clerks. He exhibits, per-
Xapa, his. policy and -proofs of loss to one of
Item. more gorgeous than tho rest. He iu
finircs for the President or Secretary, and
r'MvVf-
that ‘‘tho Ecceiver is iu his I
cflhceA' A gqrgo'wiis iliKirtmcut to tho rear is
lioiutcd (hole onr mcrchaut finds
Im ritvl iji a jgorgcoiis’easy-oliair and puffing a
.gorgeouslTavanu, a gorgeous gentleman Ivlin
oi'%)kn 11.“) if- Jies might bo -tho responsible, nr
steeping, partner in the honse of illothsehild.
In thqrt, the eatabUsbment, throws complete
ly in (jblhfti that of the Auglo-Bengalee
Disinterested IMau and Assurance Company,
wlikli,-xritb its. magnificent manager, Mr.'
Tigg Jloutaguc, alias has
'ir'eu hTade'
merchant Ventures- tq- inquire it
‘the company r' has so'. -fur'
straightened out its affairs that it can say
wiiut it aillVrobabiy Iju'ndtie.ito tie fur-its
liDlicy-lidlders. Ho is intormod. that the thing
is entirely out of question; affairs ter
ribly mixed. Ho-mentions" that lid, is yCrr
sorry; that times arc hard; out iii Chicago,
ai!U thaf whatever ftm be raised in thd way
of indemnity would come particularly handy
just now. “O! hum! you aro.ono of tho—
the Chicago snfferAs, arc you I” is the lan
guid reply, with a slight emphasis, which
sounds southing like a sneor, upon tho “suf
ferers.” Answering this in. tho afliruiativc.
the merchant is pssiircd that Chicago is a very
hardtlrn-h"ior insurance; that “Wo had intend
ed to get out of there before now, but some
"hownardu’t, aud now yon see where wo are.”
Tlie ijierohant becomes a little piqued at this,
-and replies (looking around at the-gorgeons
surroundings) that ho dor, see-“where they
are;” that it appears to ho a pretty-comfort-.
able place for a bankrupt company;.that the.
Chicago “sufferers 7 arc doing business in
shanties forlacE"pf .-tlie money which 'jfow
Tofk underwriters* Owe dhem; and- tliat a
smaller room, farther toward the roof, would,
in his opinion, he a more appropriate place
for a ruined insurance" company; The'gor
gedus Ecceiver simply" smiles at this, and
remarks ■••that the• ■■insurance Jitisi
ness is' peculiar'.l..in that respect.
The mcrchantTeaffly'asspntsto this remark,
and inquires again if the Ecceiver can form,
aiiy when,.thA company
trill pay.- He m told;-with a Am.’ or-two.
"that These.JhiiigsSic v.d'iiy slow that they
•have long tails; to them sometimes.” Ho irc
miuks, with much warmth" "that itisevideutly
fof the interest of some people to make those
tails ns long as possible; whereupon the
gorgeous Ecceiver becomes, less languid—lint
the merchant lias already slammed the door
imd left the Eciv Ydrli “sufferer"’.to cool him
self off with anotherPttrtaga:'
This specimen of* on interview exhibits the
status of and the ex
perience <if■ 'such;;-merchants as attempt to
realize independently upon their policies.
to New Fork clothed with
representative powers-sufficient to warrant
a canvass..by the Directors of those suspend
ed companies; of all the circumstances of the
situation, would meet with very different
treatment.... ffim. Dircctors-oX. thnae compa
nies are said to be honorable men. who desire
to do the fair thing by Chicago. Many of
them are merchants, and arc interested in
having all the Chicago merchants, their cus
tomers, well equipped for "business.
They are dcepjy impressed ,(ua arc
all business circles in New York)
with the good faith and courage of the* Chi
cago merchants. Many a sturdy heart has
melted, ami many a “calculatingeye” over
flowed with tears, in the counting-rooms of
New York, as particular instances of manly
pluck amLdolicato honor on the part of those
Chicago ‘‘sufferers” have come to light. This
feelingwonld result in a very strong pressure
for a liberal course ou the part of the insur
ance- companies referred to, if the
claims against them could be gathered
together* and presented „by any agent
authorized to settle and pass receipts. Fair
rnd prompt payment cannot ho expected as
long as A is offering to settle for almost noth
ing, while B wants tho face of his policy, and
C cannot be found at all by the drummer
whom the companies send out to receive
biAs.
In view of these facta, wo are glad to sec
that a call has been issued for a meeting of
the merchants holding policies of tho class
named, at Standard Hall, this evening, for
the purpose of settling upon some concerted
action. Messrs. Furwell 4 nnd Gray, the
gentlemen who sign _ the call, are a
of merchants; but they found themselves so
•bare of any tangible authority that they did
not attempt to act. What is now proposed,
as we understand it, is to form tho policy
holders lu tho bankrupted companies into an
association for the purpose of this settlement,
and the appointment of a committee, one of
whose number shall proceed to New York,
armed with fullpower to act for the whole,
and accompanied by a first-class lawyer and
a skilful underwriter, to examine the books
of the companies, consult with the Directors*
hiake set dements. if practicable, and force
any company into bankruptcy, if necessary,
appointing their own Receiver, by virtue of
their representing a majority of tho creditors
in intoiesl. Many of the companies, like the
Yonkers, can -pay. SO or 00 per cent
of their indebtedness; others will have to be
let off with 40 per cent; but the under
standing among them that the Chicago suf
ferers” were present iu force, by committee,
attorneys, and experts, and prepared to push
to the wall all delinquents, would bring the
Tigg Montagues to a* M*nse of their obliga
tions much quicker and cause them todis
gorge more freely than could be effected by
any other course.
FREDERICK LAW OLNSTED ON
Mr. Frederick' Law Olmsted, of the firm of
Olmsted t.V.Vaux,' widely known by his Offi
cial connection with tbe Contral Park, New
York, and as an adviser- in the laying out of
our own South Park, has written a commu
nication to the New York JWr/ioM, under date
of November’2,. nearly four weeks after the
fire, in which ho gives his impressions con
cerning the results of the conflagration. In
all malters pertaining to topography, archi
tecture. and building material. Mr. Olmsted
lias long been an adept, and his views are en
titled to serious attention. The letter is too
long for qnbtation entire: but some of the
conclusions at which ho arrives are worthy
of reproduction, and should bo carefully con
sidiffed at this time, when wo are commenc
ing the work of rebuilding tho burned'dis
tricts.
in-regard to the effect of tho fire upon
various building* materials, Mr. Olmsted
says:
Generally. the walla seem to have crumbled In
from top to bottom, nothing remulning bat a
biorul lew heap of rubbish In tho cellar—so low as
to l»e overlooked from the pavement. Granite,
all sandstones and all Umostoncs, whenever fully
exposed to the southwest, are generally fluked
and Boated, and blocks, .sometimes two and three
feet alack. are cracked through and through.
Marble and other limestones, where especially
exposed, as in doors uud window-dressings, os
pochjllv if in thin slabs, have often fallen to pow
der. walls of the bituminous limestone, of which
there were but few, instead of melting awav. as
was reported, seem to bare stood rather b*etter
than.others; I cannot tell wliy. Iron railings and
lamp-posts, detached from buildings; are often
drooping, and, in thinner parts, soom sometimes
to have been fused. Iron columns and floor-bcams
arc often l*ent to a half-cirvlo. The wooden
<Nicolson), aspliall-nnd-tir-concrete- pavement*
remain unharmed, except where red
hot material or Duruingllquids have lain upon
them; Street rails on wood are generally in good
order; on MoAdacn.as far us 1 have seen, more
often badly warped.'
In another part of the letter. Mr. Olmsted
confirms the almost universal testimony as
to the ellicacy of brickwork iu resisting
bent. ll© says; Plain brick walls, or walls
of brick with solid stone quoins and window
dressings, evidently resisted-thc lira much
better than stone-faced walls with a thin
backing of brick.”- A. further proof of the
strength of brick, and of the fact that it
aloes-not absorb heat 'nearly.so rapidly as
'stsme. might have been afforded Mr. Oliu-
in the fact that the oldest brick walls iu
.the. city stood tho fire the best. In reality,
luick has..-now got its opportunity,” and
wCrtvidcncc of our architects shows that the
figure;-business centre of our city will be
composed mainly of this material. A promi
nent architect of this city informed us a
few days since that three-fourths of tho new.
buildings for which he has contracts will
be built of brick, and'they will bo fully 60*
•per cent heavier and stronger than before;,
both in walls and timbers.
In regard-to faults of'construction, Mr.
Olmsted reiterates tho very defects which
liar©; been, pointed ©ut repeatedly in’* the
columns of The TiunuyE, viz.', the gross and
careless commercial advertising on th*e housed
tops; the thin walls, overloaded with coarse
misqmamentation; the huge overhanging
cornices of wood or sheet metal, fastened
directly to the' roof timbers, with wooden
parapets altovc them; nnd the flat roofs
covered with* tarred felt and pebbles; and.
Mr. Olmsted might well have added, tho
monstrous Mansard piles of wood, heaped up
TUB FIKE.
THE CHICAGO, TRIBUNE: .WEDNESDAY,NOVEMBEB 15, 1871.V-:-
one to three stories high, on our brick
ajid stone hui’.diugs.
pit. Olmsted very Bucoinctly• states tho
origiu of the fire and its progress. He says:
;VThc tiro started in a, wooden batld
ing. aud moved rapidly from ono to an
other, close at hand, extended sur
face of quickly-bnming-material heated a
very largo volume atmosphere, giving
rise to legal currents,’winch, driving brands
-upon tho located roofs‘and cornices of.tho
tall buildings to leeward, set them on fire,
and, through the rapid combustion of their
cbutciEs, ‘hqscly-ptled“tiec.upoirtier, •devel
oped a-degree of heat sor intense tlmfoMinof
ry means of rcsißtanco.to.;it.Bi;oyCLd,qf no,
.a,Vnil.’?;"Add to his stetqment that the wind’
blew a gale of such terrific. iiorccncs's that "a
-vessel under"sail on tho lako could not have,
livcd fqi- aniiistimt; and that tins"-" gate pro
l>clted the fire with wonderful "swiftness aud
unerring certainty-from the point of begin
ning in tho West Division to tho Water
Works, in almost a straight line,,white the
slants, aud eddies, and back-sets op
crated on.- tbo fianka- aud rear, mud
Mr. Olmsted’s statement becomes cqm
plcto. In answer to "the question
whether tho fire could have been stayed in
ordinary limits,.ho is not certain, but ho as
sumes with confidence that, with reasonably
solid brick,walls, reasonably good construc
tion and honest architecture, and with a
thoroughl j-wcU-drUled and drsclpliued'sol-
Aicrly force, of firemen and police, the heat
thrown ‘forward,would have been. Jess in
-tqnse; tho advance of-the fire less lipid; tho
destruction, of.buildings, less.complete, and
the salvage -greater. As-noito off thoTaftor
results were scou"rcd;.it is evident that.in the
future, wqneqd tho conditions which, would
hgvo secured them..'.
'Ayonpiderahlo-portion of- fhVtef ter Is" jfei,
voted to tlie operations of tho EeUef Soctety,-
thejUabursomehta of private charities, and
the general conduct of- tho people during and
after the fire, "On*this latter point, the wri-'
terssys: .*.i
'Of course, a. state of mind approaclhng insaa->
Jty-followed with many. After tho lost had boon:
roundroa in most cnees they soon
especially Laving been almost invariably taken
np, tenderly carod for, and advertised by stran
gers—and after loodand rest had been hi»d, there
was a reaction from desperation. For a time
men were unreasonably cheerful and hopeful*
,now this stage appears, to have passed. In its
place therols sternness; but so harrow is the di-
vision between this and another mood, that In
the midst of a sentence a chancre of quality in the
voice occurs, aud you see thut'eyca Ixave moist
ened, I had partly expected to find a feverish.
rooHlets spirit, and among tho less disciplined
clashes an unusual current setting toward turbu
lence, lawlessness, aud artificial Jollity*, such a«
held In San Francisco for a long time
after the great Are there—such as often seizes
seamen alter a wreck.. On the contnvrv, Chicago
is the soberest and tho most c’o ir-heatled city I
ever euw I have observed but two men tho
worse for liquor; I have not ouco been asked for
an alms, nor have I heard a hand-organ. The
clearing of the wreck goes ahead In a driving but
steady, well-ordered way. l have seen two'hun
dred luick walla rising, ten thousand temporary
houses of boards, and lift}* thousand piles of ma
terials lifting from tho rams; but, oq 6unduv,
although there were other r. ports. In a walk ot
j-cverm miles among the ashes, I saw no hand
work going on, except that In two. half-made
cabins Gorman women were holding boards
wh:lc the ir husbands nailed them to tho framing,
iris obvious that the New England man Is taking
tho helm.
In nearly every respect, Mr. Olmsted’s
statement is one of tho clearest, most com
prehensive,.and, at the same time, practical,
which has jet boon written concerning the
lire, and contains many hints which our
builders and business men would do well, to
heed.
A protectionist writes a lottcrtothc Nuftox,
to.say that, immediately after the Chicago
tire, he made a hasty computation of tho
amount lie would probably gain iu extra
prolits, by reason of tho tariff, iu furnishing
iron and lumber to build tho desolated city,
and immediately gave, one-half of this an
ticipated protit to tho Chicago Relief fund.
Upon this remarkable exhibit ho constructs
:m argument in support of a protective tariff,
showing how it enables bim to be charitable,
to'tho unfortunate, and how much the unfor
tunate people must be gratified to find one
half of the lax extorted from their misfor
.tunes returned to them iu tho way of alms.
The Nation disdains to make any answer to
this ingenuous confession; and we thiuk that
perhaps each reader will be able to comment
upon it for himself. But lest there-may he
some who require au illustration in order
to comprehend Jt, wo o 11 1 jem that
the case of a man who carries off
yptir spoons in the night and sends back half
of them in tho morning and claims credit
for so doing. If he should argue that tho
practice of carrying off 'spoons enables him
to supply those articles to the destitute, and.
'that the practice should therefore bo eucour
aged, the parallel would be more complete.
Von Beust’s successor, as Prime Minister
of Austria, is Count Julius Andrassy, a mem
ber of a very old ami distinguished Hunga
rian family. He was a leader in the revo
lution of 1848, and of the movement for Hun
garian independence; and his appointment
to the highest office within the Emperor's
gift is doubtless intended hoth as a sop to
the Magyars and a compliment to the un
questioned abilities of the Count himself.
It remains to ho seen ■whether these
abilities. _arc equal to the serious
task which the Count has now before him of
reconciling the incongruous elements com
prised within Francis Joseph’s dominions,
and also of fortifying Austria’s position
among tho nations as it ought to bo done,
and ns Von Beust failed to do it.. Count An
drassy.has heavier duties than those- of any
other Premier in Europe, his title being
Chancellor of the Empire and Minister of
.Foreign Affairs and of the Imperial Household
and Central Ministry, official titles which he
will have to add to his somewhat ponderous
family titles of Count Andrassy, Count of
and Count, of Kraszuo
horka.
The St. Louis Democrat comes to us with a
tremendous article with the following head
ings in stunning capitals: “The one great
need of the hour.” “A; St. Louis air-liric
railway to the East.” ‘*A narrow-gauge
double-track road proposed, equipped with
10,000 freight cars!” "Low' freights and
quick transit.”'"All our interests'demand
it.” "Our' smelting*interests want cheaper
coal.” "Emigrants need a cheaper line to
the >Vest.” How the road may be built.”
$16,000,000 to be raised in the coun
ties i through which it will run,” A map
t»f the road u? given, showing the route from
Bt. Louis-to Cincinnati, Wheeling. Johns
town, Pa., wiih.a branch to Baltimore, Phila
delphia, Now Y’orfc, with branches running
to Boston and Portland, The road is to be
built by subscriptions” of’the various coun
ties from St. Louis toTortlaud through:which
the read will rim.
Y\ e sympathize with St. Louis iu her many
needs. What has become of tho great river
the commercial highway provided by
nature”? ‘Where are theoceau propellers that
were to bring emigrants from Liverpool to
St. Louis?
The Liverpool A. London A Globe Insur
ance Company, as we learn from personal ex
amination, are paying all lawful claims
against them in this city, without deduction,
discount, or delay. Their losses by the lire
were upward of $3,000,000. One of tho printed
clauses in thou* policies of insurance provides,
that losses shall bo paid immediately (mid not
sixty days) after the same are proved. The’
danse reads as follows:
IXuTlmt, lit any case of loss or damage for
wblclitho said company shall bo liable; tho same,
on bchig duly proved; and the accounts adjusted,
shall either-bc.pnid immediately, or the said com
pany shall have tho option, where the insurance
may tie on goods, to supply tho insured with a
like nnantity of goods of the same sort and kind
and of equal value and goodness with those de
stroyed br tire, or whore tho insurance may bo
ou houses‘and buildings, the said company shill
have tho option, with all convenient speed, to re
build and repair and reinstate the some, and put
them into as good and' substantial a condition us
they were at tho when such Arc happened.
Ec eh stockholder, both English and Amer
ican, :in the Liverpool London
Glob© is personally liable for all losses sus
tained to tho amount of his entire fortune,
if ueebssary.
The ContmentjjV Insurance 'Company, *pf
Nctr York, ife paying «U its Chicago Ipsscsliu
A contrary imx>ressioil hsisbttp srcatcjl.
verbal error, in our report of the pro
ccodings taken in the Cironit Court of Cook
County to wind up the attain of the Com
mercial Insurance Company „of the
word i Commercial having hceu
We published a correction
of this error immediately after it occurred,
Imt itjappears that the agents of rival com
panies are knowingly using the erroueonsly
printed remarks of Judge Williams concern
ing the Comwcrctflf Insurance Company, to
deprive the Continental of its legitimate
bhsinewi. .The Continental isone of the host
cpmpauicH in the world, ia perfectly solvent,
and is paying all just claims in full.
TUB NOIITinVBST.
i 'ILLINOIS.
fcif. E. A. Peck, of M atseka, b<u Invented a now
mower, which has been tested aud proved suc
cessful.
pA young Englishman, named Clmrlos Paco,*
eommUtetl' euioulc, the other dap; In Richmond,
jfcHehry County.
p-Stcphen Buneotu, an old resident. of Wood
stock, died recently.' 4
{—The Lc'wistowh' Zbi<3ji‘
EldcrKetf has been holding A
life at a Baptist
this .plapo,, Bome roughs a’ distur
bance, when the Elders' son'put one of lhem oiit
of the church. The next evening the fellow,
wpose naipe was Lamb,, waited until ‘the close of
sc’rvloee, when he’ set upon young Nofli cutting
him severely with a knife. Tho knife was taken
away from Lamb, 'Ho.theh knocked ‘Kcffdown*
and commenced pounding him, when Neff
gouged out both Lamb’s ©yea. Both parties were
seriously injmed, but will recover.”
I—Thc editor ortho Canton Register has seen a
portion of tho dorsal fin of a shark, found by Mr.
D; 'Williams in hie coal-bank. The Uejisler says
this is the first remains of this character found in
No. 4 coal.
--Thomas Freily, of Bernanotte, Fulton Conn
while taking away wheat from a threshing
machine, on tho 28th ulc., fell to tho ground and
died almcjst instantly.
--An artesian well company has been formed iu
JolicU
f-OU has been struck .in the town of Rook
about five miles from Rock Island;
“The hog cholera is ravaging Vabash
County.
j-Tho Methodist congregation in BuahnoUwar
•much excited a fewnlghtoago by the antics of a
crazy man, who in terrupted tho regular exhorta
tions of the.minister by assuring tho audience'
that tho stars arc angels/and wb win all exis:
injtlm future.”
“A man. by'tho namo of Joseph Holmes, of
Voodland Township, Fulton County, was-found
fidspended by a ropo, in an out-building on th*
jiremlsbe bf -Anthony Thompson, a few days ago.
No cause is known of bis committing suicide.
“On Wednesday afternoon last, the team of
Daniel Ellia*-oLWoodstock-Township, Schuyler
County, runaway, and, the wagon coming la con
tact with a stump, William Ellis, 17 years of age,
wfes thrown violently to tho ground, fracturing
'and depressing hla etaflL. Hla life is despaired of,
—Mr. Jfohn Duncan, of RusliviUe, died suddenly
oil the €th Just. Ho laid down on a lonugo to take
a nap. and never woko again. It la supposed
borne internal congestion caused hla death.'
IOWA.
The number of Germans in lowa is 60,163, about
ItbOOO of whom are voters.
—Every member of a Sioux City family-bas ac
cidentally fallen down cellar daring the last sum
mer.and, last Sunday morning, n young lady who
was veiling them made an accidental aud pre
cipitate tumble in the same place.
j-Hon. Thomas Mitchell, of Mitchelrillo, lias
endowed n new seminary, to go into operation at
tliill place next year, with 920,000 worth of land.
—Persons at Red Oak are buying corn nt 15
cents per bushol to nsc as fuel, being cheaper
than coal.
j-Eldou, situated on the Dos Moines River, nt
tllp junction of the Chicago A Southwestern and
D4s Moines Valley Railroads, has In a little over
our year grown from, nothing to a village con
taining five drygoods and grocery stores, two
hotels* a church, and a railroad round-house.
—The Council Bluffs Manufacturing Association
has gone to work in earnest. Nearly $10,503 has
been subscribed for a pax>or mill, and a carriage
factory there is a fixed fact.
—Deer will be plenty In lowa this winter. They
have damaged the unhusked com-ildds near
Sioux City very materially, and abound lu droves
of half a dozen head.
—Cresfou, two -years old. ha* a population of
1,000, a new school house, and Is about to erect a
Methodist Church.
—The First Methodist Episcopal Church of
Council Bluffs has realized 53,200 from the sale of
Bennett, tlie first Mayor of Daven
port, died in that city ou the 10th Inst., aged 71
years
MICHIGAN
D. L. Latourelte, tho Fenton banker, has been
tdjudged a bankrupt.
—Mr. Giles.Wickwirc, one .o? the oldest and
most highly-esteemed citizens of Jackson County,
died ou tho 2th instant, 89 years of age. Mr.
Wickwlre was born in Connecticut, and was a
sulilier of tho war of 1812.
—A little son of William Townsend* living at
was fatally scalded by fuldng backward
into a kettle of boiling lye, on the 4th instant.
infested with gangs of horse-thiovos, who are
nightly carrying off horses and crossing them
Into Canada. The ofiiclalsatDotroit have ordered
that no horses shall he crossed at that point here
after, unless It is evident that tho portioelu
charge arc tho owners.
—The people of White Pigeon have experienced
a tragic sensation. It seems that Mrs. Hurry
Klee had inherited quite a handsome fortune
ttvpi a relation in Texas, and it was generally
understood that eho had a considerable amount
of money on hand. On the morning of tho 6th
she awakened by Hading a handkerchief over her
face, saturated with chloroform. Sho Immediate*
ly arose, and, while lighting a lamp, was shot by
a person standing very near her. Tho ball enter
ed tho right leg, close to the body, and'pass
ed nearly through. She called for help,
whereupon two men ran before her, making good
their escape. It appears that tho burglars had
thoroughly searched the -house, but found only
5*
—East Saginaw claims to rank as third city in
population in the Slate.
Berrien County is full of bogus Chicago suf
ferers.
—The water in Lake Huron Is lower than atany
time before within the remembrance of tho oldest
inhabitant.
—Tho Detroit 2Wsimceays: “Kalamazoo Is agi
tated over the near approachof a panorama of the
Chicago lire. Many of the inhabitants are fleeing
to neighboring towns."
KANSAS,
On the 6th inst., Mr. Charles Burgess, a black
smith, in Fort Scott, was accidentally shot by- a
gun in the hands of one of his companions. A full
charge of shot ehtcrcdhis'breast, making a fright
.ful wound.
—Tho Humboldt Sfairrman 'says that a man
named Gale, living four, miles to the'fiorthwcst of
that city, came to an untimely death by exposure
to the elements on tho 6th Inst. Hls Teraains were
found within two miles of his home.
l The Augusta JUpubliean leama that a largo
prairie Are swept over the .county in the vicinity
of Eight Milo Creek, a short time since, which did
a great amount of damage to the settlers. A
young man by tho name of GoorgC'Hetrrt; seeing
the tiro coming, started from Mr. Jones’, on Eight
Mile, to his claim toward Pole Cat, and was over*
taken by.tho.flrcvand all-hisclothes-burned off
liini except a small portion of hie shirt and boots,
but Was able to make his way back to Sir. Jones*,
where he died on the morning of the I6th. He
had, when burned, a watch and about 1200 in
money: No money or watch could bo found where
he was burned, but tho tracks of a man und horse
were.discovered about the place.
THE TJERRtXOIUEK.
—Golden City, -Wyoming, is to have a echoo
house to cost $20,000;
—A furious snow-storn has visited Cheyenne,
Central Pueblo, and Colorado City, averaging
two feet in depth.
hidy la editing tlie Laramie Sentinel, and
mnkijig an excellent paper of it.
—Boise County, Idaho, has a debt of (41.981.
A Democratic Treasurer ran off with most of the
money.
—Montana publishers have run oat of paper,
and somo of the Journals are suspended while
awaiting the arrival of a fresh supply,
POLITICAL.
Several of the State Democratic papers arc pro
posing Judge Hiram' Warner, of' the Supremo
■Bench, for Governor of Georgia.
—Allen Williams, a colored man. of Lawrence,
Kansas, has been appointed a route mall a cent by
the President.
—Benjamin Dornblazcr, Republican, Is elected
to theiHouse of Representatives from the Thirty
fifth District of Illinois, in place of Thomas Finlcv,
Democrat, deceased. r
—A ghastly tumor says that Garrett Davis has
been engaged to write brief paragraphs for the
Atlanta Sun.
—There are two ways of looking at the same
thing,»and what provokes profanity in one man
.la 'Conducive to pious’ thankfulness in' another.
Here, for instance, is a despatch from Troy to the
New York World, the morning after election say-,
iug. Everything gdne to hell—Scnator'and’three
Assemblymen; whilst the same nows in the
Buffalo Commercial Adrrrtiser is beaded,- *4Jubi
late! Praise God from.whom all blessings flow!**
—M, C. Kerr refuses to permit his friends to use
his name in connection with the Democratic hom
fimUoh for Governor of Jndiana.
-—The Springfield says:
“For The time in the history- of-Mancha
setts a German has heeaelocted aanember of- our
uouse oflvek WO‘haVe' Eiid’Eng
lishmen, Irishmen, pnd>Cptchm€n,
tholmez, from Wards 14 and Bpstohjis the fliit
German.*’
“One hundred and eighty-four votes were cast
at Fort Lcavcnworth.Kan., last Tuesday, while
the whole voting population only numbers ono
hundred.‘
-St. Louis expects both the Republican and
Demi’cratic National Conventions to be hold
there, hud proposes to erect a wigwam for their
accommodation, asd for the use of tho National
Stfagcrfestrto meet there in June, 1P72.
_ —Governor Haight, of California, lias ordered a
special election in Barbara ,nad Ban Buis
Obispo Counties, November 2 Z, to mi tho vacancy
tin thaStatc Senate caused by the resignation Of
Jit. Pacheco, Lieutenant Governor-elect. Tho elec
tion U important, as upon its result may depend
the choice of United States Senator.
—An amunlngS bhmder happened at the Into
election in West Virginia, In tho town of Martlns
burg.' Both parties supposed only two magia
tmtefi were to-bo-ohoscn, nnd voted accordingly.
li now turns put that form were requiecd/so that
tlio candidates on oach tickct.'arc elected. -.S
r —Tbo Topeka (Kan.) JUeord invented
head-dlncs for a report* ot“ tTpotiUcal meeting.-
pjrite LoftChbck Full; :Tho
;®oy of Wabaun^o
«bw^tKShcjjll
Ej M.-MauM!c!d,-tho p l
Eockland. at' Nyack,' N. V. f Mrs, Mi- ft'.
'•Merrill, Lonisu' B. Henricksou; and.! Ml
.AnnaW. Tuesday,
and jelaime'd "the right to Totc;tmdcr the Four
teenth and Fiitccnlh Amendments.* phe inspoo-'
tors received their votes, and promised to return
them with rcgiilaii. report,but refused to
put them In tho ballot-boxes;- The ladies were
divided in their political preferences.
•—The Springfield tMassi) Republican relates tho
following election Incident “An almost tooth
less old darkey applied to tho Board of Aider
men, Monday evening, for tho right. of BuUrage.
He 1 filled tho bill *in every respect hut ono; when
asked if ho could write, hla countenance foil, and
ho was obliged to confess that he could not. .‘BO
tlie Anymifin rejected him, but lo 1 next morning.
be appearedbefore them, smiling and confident.
He had. spent the night to good purpose, and,
liking a pen, wrote, stumbhagly hut legibly, his
name—Timothy Dixon. It was enough, and we
daresay no man cast a vote, yesterday, with, a
highor estimation of the privilege than Timothy
Inxon.*’
PEBSONAXi.
Professor Taylor, a graduate of Harvard, has
bben appointed Professor of Oratory laßowdain
College,' I s 1
—Mr. Gladstone is a* pedestrian of no mean
powers. It is stated that, when returning from
h|a recent L offiohil residence nt Bamoral Onstlo,
walked the distance from the castle to Clovn,
twenty-six miles, resting for the night nt 'the.
village inn, .and proceeding to Kifriomuir'next
day, still in pedestrian, fashion.
Great efforts ore making to find No. 1 (or the
Chinese boy Emperor, and he can have as many
ns ho pleases after No. 1. All the pretty
girls in the empire have been despatched to
Pekin/ Where the Empress Dowager will make
the Election for him.
•—Mrg. Fair has been whiling away tho weary
hqurs of hoc confinement by dramatizing Owen
Meredith’s poem “Lucilio.”
—The Emperor of Brazil visited tho groat Ital
ian novelist, Monzoni, recently. After the aged
Alauzoni had expressed his gratitude for tho
honor done him, tho Emperor replied, It is I
who feel honored in having been received by you.
Aces to comc will remember Alessandro Manzoni,
whilst a few years will efface tho memory of Don
Pqdrq d’ Alcantara.”
—Thelato Buckingham Smith, of St. Angus
line, Florida, bequeathed his entire property,
worth 835,000, for tho benefit of tho colored peo
ple of that city.. The money will bo coutrollcdby
h trustee, who proposes to establish an asylum
fos tho aged nnd orphans.
—•Mr. James Fisk, Jr., it Is said, has 17,100 no
tices of himself pasted in his scrapbook.
—Humboldt and Lamartine first met ou the top
of Vesuvius. It was on the eve of an eruption,
but Lamartine descended tho crater. For this haz
ardous exploit Humboldt considered him a fool.
And because Humboldt remained ut tho surface
Lamartine always pronounced him to be super
ficial.
—Some one told Jem Mace that bo should make
innumerable conquests among the fair sex be
cause of Lis stalwart proportions r whereon the
great boxer replied: “My eye, If x wanted to
make tho women spoon on mo, l*d go and be a
piano-player.”
—A countryman, who visited Greenville, Tuun..
lad his attention attracted by the glittering sign
of llhe Andes Insurance Company, He looked at
it long and intently, and then broke out in a Joy
ful exclamation: “Well, I knowed old Andy
would be ntsomcthln’ afore long; T tell yer they
can’t keep him down; no, they can’t/’ and walk
ed on.
-rA curious and improbable story Is told of
Gamhetta, to ths effect that-durlug tho war he
held a council of war in company with six others
—among them tho Radicals BUmc and Spuller—
at which it was decided to arrest and shoot tho
Prince do Jolnvillo, at that time fighting as a vol
unteer against tho Germans.
—Miss Parkinson, at one timo a patient In a
San Francisco hospital, has suod Dr. Scott for
damages in publishing a history of her disease
ami Us treatment in a medical magazine, and has
I—ctt?£ abb 'Princes, instead of receiving
New Year’s gifts, nro preparing to offer them.
Innumerable orders on their pact have been
given to some of the most skilled workmen of tho
Quarticr dii Temple for gold pencils, pens, ink
stands, Ac., intended for presents to divers
J gaits and adherents of the party.
~A correspondent of the Xord says th.it M.
Louis Blanc is about to start a now paper In
Purls, to be called Lc Jour.
—A group of Legitimists luiro subscribed for n
gold pen, value 50,000 francs, to bo presented to
the .Count de Chambord on Now Year's day.
—A Missouri doctor's slumbers were broken tho
other night by a polo-cat, which crept into bed
with him.
—Parisian sports offer odds that Napoleon will
bo hack there within a year.
—A picture of tho yalucof one hundred guineas,
by the French painter Yvon, has boon forwarded
is a contribution toward the Chicago relief fund
>y that artist, .whose house and studio were nil
but destroyed during the second siege of Paris.
—Augustus Kellogg, a respected hut eccentric
citizen of Skancateles, N. Y., recently died, and
requested, while at the point of dissolution, that
Ills body might bo buried between 1 and 5 o’clock
next morning, without heneHtof clergy. It was
done as he desired, and only a box of rough
toards enclosed his remains, also at his own re
quest.
—Bishop Conroy, of Albany, has appointed three
priests to investigate the Catholic Church troubles
at Hudson, N. Y.
The Empress-Queen of Germany has founded a
fancy under her especial patronage, inviting fur
ther contributions for tho assistance of widows
and daughters left destitute by tho death of their
husbands and fathers in the war.
The Indian who lassoed the locomotive, and
was thereby-transported to the happy hunting
grounds, has lately had a rival in-* brother red
man.' who, after a too free indulgence lu Are
water, built his wigwam on tho railroad, near St.
Paul, Mhm.. hut had most disastrous luck in try
ing to stop a freight train.
—tfarla Baldwin, who was housekeeper for
Baron Ton Schlosser, .the German Minister at
Washington, was so badly burned by tho late ker
osene explosion at his quarters that sho has since
died.
—The New York Evening Post says: H. W.
Robbins has recently ilulahcd a fine cabinet pic
ture [illustrating an ’Autumn Sunset,’ for the
Chicago Artists’ relief fund. -James R. Brevoort
has finished his fine marine view, Inside of East
ern Point, Gloucester Bay.’ He has given the
picture to the Chicago Artiste’ relief fluid.”
MISCELLANEOUS.
Three hundred dollars In gold coin was used in
gilding the ball on the domo of tho California
Capitol.
—The funded debt of the State of Vermont has
been; reduced the past year $493,000. It now
amounts to $547,500.
—At Coil's armor}*, In Hartford, they are mak
ing a ticket punch for parties in Buffalo, designed
us a detector to be used on horse and steam cars.
Whenever a ticket is punched: a spring bell is
iiing.n number is registered on a hidden dial in
a p-mull, stout case like that of a watch, and tbe
piece of card or number punched falls into a re
ceptacle prepared for it, where it is kept until re
moved by the proper authorities.
—The General Council of the Lutheran Church
of North America has closed its meeting at Roch
ester. The next session will be held at Akron.
Ohio, beginning on the first Thursday of Novem
ber, 1872.
—Watertown, Mass., claims to have been the
first place In New England to hold a Chicago aid
meeting.
—Tho “Birdsand Worms’* is tho namoola
Rochester society.; Their object is to encourage
early rising.
—The buckwheat crop for 1871 is reported to be
enormous.
—At a recent marriage among the nobility of
England, two of tho five bridesmaids /were re
spectively 2 and 3 years of age.
—The Board-*f Underwriters, the press, and
the people of New Orleans protest against a paid
fire department for that city, in place of the
present volunteer system. Tho fire at Chicago is
cited as showingjpe evils of a paid department
—Thursday, the 16th inst, has been set apart as
a day of Thanksgiving In Canada.
—The Newman (Ga.) Herald exposes tlio Grant
ville gold mines as frauds. TUo.rzmgrocs have
gone back to their cotton patches; bankrupts,
hunt iug for nuggets, hare deported disconsolate’
and the great iron hammers art* as still as‘tho’
rocks In tho ground they were erected to beat to
powder. b;
l ThelTfliwrium Gazelle of October 21 says*
“Within a few days previous to the departure of
the Nebraska from Sydney, purchases of wool
for the New York.and Boston markets, as well as
for California, were made to tho amount of
coo, and the presence of the these purchasers has
raised the price of wool a penny per pound
—tho Methodists of Now Bedford. Mass,, have
contributed 8322 in aid of their Chicago brethren
-The latest agony among fashionable New
v ora youth ;s to wear a small thermometer on
the ride o' the hat.
COUNTY LEGISLATION.
Adjourned Session of the Board
of Supervisors.
Tie State Importuned to Assume the
4 v '(Daie-of the County-Poor.
•Report of the Finance Otfmmittea on the
j-*c®e&surer*s J
Mor.xrso session.
The Hoard of
day morning iii the frame brildlugadililiuu to
tie High School, for, the last time, Mr. George
Waite hi the chair.
SnORT-TTAKD WIHTINT.,
Supervisor Worthington-resented a resolution
requesting tho General Assembly to repeal the
laws providing for tho employment of ottlclul
Btenogrox>hcrs In the courts. The resolution was
adopted.
THE SWAJfP LANPB.
Supervisor Holland offered the following reso
lution, and asked ite confirmation, which was
agreed to;
Whereas, this hoard did. at the September session,
adopt a resolution donating the following described
swamp.lands belonging to Cook Count}*, and located
In.thetownof Worth, to wit: Tho southwest quarter
of southeast quarter of Section 19, Town 37, Range 13,
containing 100 acres; also, the southeast quarter of
northeast quarter of Section 29. Town 37. Range 13,
cofatainlng -JO acres; and southeast quarter of Section
7, Town ST, Range 13, containing ICO acres, for the par
pane of sitting in the construction of a public highway
t udtwecn the towns of Worth and Palos, commencing
on the north end of.tho Calumet feeder, and running’
tlirough the, Sag swamp in tho town of -PhJos ami,
WUKRWAB, Th*J rofolutlon previously passed in this;
'respeet,has been destroyediiy thefire; therefore,
Kciolrrd, That tlda board does now affirm all such
previous action of this hoard, as hereinafter sot forth,
and said lands arc donated for th&l>urpbso or porposee
mentioned, and tho sale 1h ordered os stateth and
money obtained thereby shall ho paid oiilv by the
Treasurer to the Supervisors of the towns of worth
and Palos.
-AY -ADJOURNMENT.
jsnpcrvfpor Holland moved to reconsider a res
olution passed on Monday, by .which the adjourn
ment of the board would bo ame die.-
After a Jong and wearisome discussion, the
resolution waff oSopftan* 1
coMsorrr.E on pcrchabr of abstract books.
Supervisor Holland offered tho following reso
lution.;
Eetolrcd. That the Chair appoint a committee of
tliree mein hers of the board,' to ascertain tho price that
the abstracts of «t Hoard, and CUaso Broth*
era. and all other abstracts; can bo purchased by Cook
County, and Teport-to this board at its nest adjourned'
session. r
The resolution was. adopted, and Supervisors
Holland, fßluthnrdt, and McCaffrey reported as
such committee.i
INDEX BOOKS.
Supervisor Worthington offered the following
resolution:
jvwftvvi, That the special committee bo Instructed
to inquire into tho propriety of procuring index books
lor tho record of Cook County.
Tho resolution was adopted.
THE RECORDER'S PEES.
Supervisor Waterman offered tho following res
olution
I That tho Committee on Abstract Titles be
instructed to report a bill to bo presented to the Legis
lature, modifying the foes of the Recorder In the re
recording of titles to property destroyed by lire.
The resolution was adopted.
i -pTATE AID WASTED.
Supervisor Holland, of tho Committee on Poor
HdutrO and Paupers, read the following hater,
which is a copy of a communication sent the Gov
ernor:
ToJli* Excellency John -V. Palr.vcr, Governor cf nil
noisf
Bin: TLe undersigned. a standing committee of tho
Board nf Supervisors of Cook County, beg leave t
band you a copy hereto attached of vourrtpertof th-j
2Sth ult.,wilh tho action of tho board in unanimously
adopting the fame, and in a concise manner lav before
you tho condition of our county tnauceu as an oxen so
forappeabug to the State for aid. The following omU
mates and figures wo have obtained from thetik'rro
taiyofour Financial Committee: First, wo find the
debt and interest, tn2i\?.dO: (secondly, istinmtov as
per schedule. $750,000: total, $1,379,500. Total
valuation before the lire, $101.000, 000; ivitlnnt.-d
value since the lire, $70,000,000. Wo can
legally assess 9 mills upon the $70,000,000 to pay old
debt, which, will yield us, say, $930,000;
7j mills fur current expenses?. $525,000; total revenue.
si,l.V>,ooo. Deduct $1,165,000, being the total revenue,
from $1,379,500, being total uecewarv disbursements,
audit leaves a deficit amounting to $22t,50a But the
ordinary errors and abatements will materially In
crease this sum. so that wo will show a deficit aboil
equal to the expeuseof ourjemner department (Ins-mo
Asvlntn and Poor llouscl,:uidthat,too.withoutcspend-
lugonc dollar for public improvements. Misfortune*
hare befalleu «3; a fearfhl'calaihity has come upon our
people, and this Is world-wide lu tho effects upon
the deep,heartfelt sympathies of our fellow-men. There
fore It is that our necessities and not our profligacies
compel us for lids mux* to seek relief at the hands of our
State Legislature. and humbly petition that our State
will render mhteriftl aid iu this emergency by assum
ing tho care and expense of our pauper department as
set forth in the accompanying report herein above re
ferred to, for two rears; nl tho expiration of which
time ,we confidently expect, hv prudent management of
our county affair*, tho county may he In such a finan
cial condition ns to he able to meet ail obligations from
its bwn legitimate resources. AVc therefore—pursuant
to tho Instruction* of the Board of Supervisors—very
respectfully request Your Excellency to bring this
matter to the attention of Urn Legislature which la
soon to convene, in such a manner as you may deem
proper.
COMMUNICATION* FROM MR. VAN OSDELL.
Tho following communication from Mr. John
H. Van Osdoll was received:
have examine! the cast wmgolftlTo Court House, ami
find Uuit the strength and inability of the wall has not
been soilons’y Impaired. The frame of tho roof is also
In good condition. 1 would reoommeud the repairing
of the interior In a substantial manner, place perma
nent window frames iu extoi lor walls. The ?e frame* 1
would construct entirely of Iron, with Iron folding or
rolling shutters h side. I would repair tho cuNstono
work of the exterior face of tho basement walls; as
that part of tins building la very slightly impaired. I
would then encase the entire euiKTstruoturo with cast
iron, which can tic done so as to give a very pleasing
architectural effect and finish, making the portico,
also of iron, with tho Iron cornices and pilasters.
The remainder of the communication set forth
tin* advantages of such exchange. It was placed
on file.
BILLS AUDITED.
Tho Committee on Education reported bills
paid amounting to $2, 153.93. The bills wore con
firmed.
The Comity Board of Education reported bills
paid'amounting to >4,950.8i, which were con
tinued.
The report of the Committee of Miscellaneous
Claims wus presented and adopted.
CULVERTS FOR BREMEN.
The Committee on Roads and Bridges reported
a recommendation to pay $l5O to the town of
Bremen toward the cost of three culverts, which
report was adopted.
SEW TOWS OF ORA NT.
The special committee of live, to whom was re
ferred a petition of I*s voters of the town of
Proviso, asking that several sections thereof be
separated from that town and bo called Grant,
reported recommending the separation, of Sec
tions 3 to :u. inclusive, of Township 39, north of
Range 12, cast of third meridian, to bo called
Grant.
Amid the storm of discussion which followed It
appeared that the report was signed bv four out
of the live members of the committee; that only
eight sections were loft to the town of Proviso
that the report cut oft’ at portions from Proviso,
and that a remonstrance signed bv 175 voters had
been submitted.
These facts became known during tho calling of
the roll, so that by the time that eereuiouv was
concluded a large number of Supervisors wlio had
voted affirmatively changed their votes. Tho re
port was vociferously adopted, the vote being
yens 20, nays 19.
The board then adjourned until 2 o'clock.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
The board reassembled at 2 o’clock. Mr. Waite
in the chair.
BILLS PRESENTED.
A communication from Sheriff Bradley, present
lor dieting prisoners, amounting to
$2,.00, for a period extending from September Mo
October 8. was received.
A bill was presented for expense of construct
ing foundation walls for the Normal. School,
amounting to $271.50.
Supervisor King moved that S2OO be allowed,
whereupon the board indulged in its characteris
tic discussion.
Supervisor King withdrew tho motion, and the
bill was recommitted for reduction.
The Committee on Poor House and Paupers re
ported bills to tbe amount of $38,814.64, which re
port wus adopted, and the bills ordered paid.
The Committee? on Hospitals reported blllu
amountingto $10,384.60, which were, on motion,
ordered paid.
r COUNTY TREASURER'S RETORT.
The Committee on Finance made the following
report:
Gentlemen: Tour Cbmnilttce nuFlnanre rrepect
luiijV report that .they liave examined the books.
vpaohoM. and quarterly statements of the County
Treasurer euilinx September I. tan, and find tho same
correct.. 3hey have also examined the current ac
count in a general manner, and tind a balance lu the
County Trraßuty for. ordinary county expenses, this
14th day of November, of $20,000 Outstanding bills
and ornera we estimate at $112,750.75. Tho estimated
expenditures of tho county for the liscal year ending
December l, ij.72.uto $1,525,860. as seen by the follow
Ine schedule of estimates: Debt account contracted
ptlcr. to the adoption of the now con
stitution la on 7 per coot coupon orders,
due July 1.1872, $«*>.000; interest on same. Janunrv
and July. $25.000; Interest on $2,500,000 war bonds. ?17-V
pco; Interest onsi V».ocio public building bonds, amount
ing to ri jO.oco, fp.wd; interest on $250,000 worth of pub
lic bonds, Amount of debt account falling due
.between January l and November 1, 1*72, $629 509
Cumnt expense account Is As follows;
Judges; salary for the conntv
total, $20,000; stationery- for said
IV salary of each, fl.f-00,
52Sfii?V ,W r 5 st n A J ?nciy for said court, ii;i.otW; Jury
certificates for all the courts, $31,1C0; bailiff*, fcw.uOO.
Hala, T. 85.000; HUitinuerv,
|rim C TotoliSooa conunibSioll or salary,-say
IfiMing prisoners -a 'n.non
Insane Asylum
Poor Huuso and paupers
County Hospital;......
Three engineers...; 7«2
Beads and bridges wow
jwS|
Two M ardrns.i u\n
One-watchman ouo
Two Janitors
County Agent, salary libro
Repairs and Improvements for tho accom*
1 ~a tson cr the county authorities. jjfsooo*
election expenses 13,000
County Superintendent of Schools i,kk>
Reporters* bills mono
Contingent expenses, say 50 o>>J
I or diem and committee time of fifteen Coun
ty Commissioners. 10,000
Grand t0ta1....'.
Valuation of prom-tty before the fire. 101.009 000
V ablation since the lire Toow-rw
Nino rollls on 870.000,000 will pay the floating debt’of
Seven and a half mills (constitutional iftnlt
for ordinary expense*) will give $5iWWi. Two and
cne-luilf mills deficltnry—#l7s,ooo. Total,
Showing the limit of tax ratetobelfil mllU. amlthe
rate required to be 19 mills on the supposed valtuition
since the fire, of 170,000,0001
a The committee reported tho present standing
of tho county as follows:
Outstanding orders SiviTtos
Amount of bills audited by the board this
IpclmUng estimated expenditures up
to the first day of December, IS7I M.612.17
ToUl indebtedness to December 1 ftiio,U6,2J
Cash in the Treasury..,. 20,000.00
Besides s reserve to meet January interest
on 7 per cent coupon orders 14,000.00
This report caused great confusion. Supervisor
■\\alto insisted on replying.
Supervise r King offered amendments which
were forgotten.
Supervisor Clnrk took the chair.
Supervisor Emmons offered a resolution, which
was tabled.
Supervisor Waite said the report put the board
inn ralbelight.
Supervisor Holland said so too.
Supervisor Humphrey added physical year”
to the language.
Supervisor Watcrmim cxi'lalncd.
The ebnlr wanted to differ^
Supervisor Clark ashed questions.
;Tbo report was recommitted to the Commute!
on Finance.
Whereupon, the board'adloitrned over until the
Q9U* day of November, at 2 o’clock, lu order to tlx
’visccllaueous claims. It Is said.’
EOABD OF HEALTH.
One Hundred nndFlvo Dcnlhi In Seven Days—
-1 facmnvlu of the Saniinry Superintendent—
|Snm!l-l*ox nt the* Barracks—Crosby’s D!d<
lllfcryt j
tTheTegular wooklj—ineotinK’ <*f tlta Board of,
Health- was hebV yesterday afternoon. Mayor
origin tbV .Tfhfttr. •‘Prc.-SfnitrV Mcssrav-ljfoard,'*.
■^qblis'oD'.lhfyuolSß,’aaillbhicli. j’l
-‘pile report of *ifhd was
submitted, showing tho, mortality for tbcTweek
ending November 11 to have been lo.>, wi{Ji one*,
premature and ten still births added. The .chief
causes of death wore: Consumption, 8; convul
sions, 7; croup, 5; diarrhoea, 5; diphtheria, l 1 dys
entery, 3; typhoid/cxer, 11; old age. 4: pneumo
nia, 6; apmU-pox,2: teething, 4; suicide, t. There
was a decrcnse'bf lit deaths from the preceding
week. There were Cl males aud 4 1 females. The
greatest mortality occurred in the Fifteenth Ward,
where there were 20 deaths, and the smallest ratio
was in the Fourth Ward, where there were no
deiths.
k.
The Superintendent remarks that a careful
analysis or the cause of death reveals tho facts
that change of diet and exposure exercised a*
material influence. Generally speaking, the
health of the dry may ho said to he very good.
Infantile life suffered much leas than the. pre
vious week, while there was a decided Increase of
decedents fromlivo to twenty years of age, and
iu all probability there will be an increase In the
number of deaths next week.
No deaths have been reported at tho barracks,
and It la hoped that in a short time they will bo
placed in as good sanitary condition as- punsiblo.
Attention has been called to. blit ono. case of
small pox, that at No. 31 Arthur street; no now
cases having been discovered in the barracks.
In order to keep the disease in chock the utmost
vigilance Is necessary. Tho best safeguard Is vac
cination .and roviednation. This is not alono
necessary front the peculiar circumstances by
which wc ore surrounded, but the fact that small
pox” Is’cpldemlc in other cities. In Philadelphia,
lot the last twff weeks, 200 deathsjiavo occurred.
In Dubuque there Is an epidemic* caused by a Bo
hemian immigrant—tho* source from whence tho
last outbreak here originated. XbC'dlsoaao Is on
tho increase in Now York. So far we have only had
is deaths by small-pox since tho Ist of January, a
number much. less, than any other
largo in tho Unltod _ Suites. The
two deaths reported this week wore cases whero
vaccination was refusetL two wceks ago. By tho
eud of this week- it is expected that Die Inmates
of all tho barracks will bo vaccinated and ro
vaccinated-
There were I3ff notices served, and lit nuisan
ces abated In eight of tlic words. Prtvy vaults in
the burnt distinct should all bo covered or filled,
las loss of life win n*siiU unless this is done, par
ticularly iu localities whore families are residing.
-Owing to the difllciuty In finding the owners of
lots, not much progre sfs haa been made in this
direction. Great care should also .be* taken to.
remove all soweraco obstructions, whether in
private drains or public sewers.
liming the week fifteen quarters of beef wore
condemned. The character of tho meats sold Is,
generally speaking, good.
On motion of Dr. Johnson, the Sanitary Snper
inUndent was instructed to notify Mr. Albert
Crosby, who has begun tho reconstruction of his
distillery on tho bank of tho river, near Chicago
avenue, that steps arc under advisement forth©
prohibition of such institutions within certain
specified districts, nud that It i» not unlikely that
bdwill bo called ur>ou to remove his distillery
frim that locality.
The hoard then adlourned.
BELIEF AND AID SOCIETY.
Annual greeting of the Aaiocsattan—Election
ofOmcfr*~Exccmivc Committee Appointed*
The annual meeting of the Chicago, Relief ami
Aid Society was hold on Tuesday evening at
Standard Hall, Michigan avenue, corner of Thir
teenth street. Henry W. King, President of the
society, presided.
The annual reports of the officers, mt being in
complete order,' were not rend. They will be*
given to the public in u few days.
It was incidentally mentioned that a less sum
of money was received during the year, up to the
time of the fire, than during the preceding twelve
months, and a corresponding decrease «C ex
penditure had resulted. The number of .families
relieved during the year was I.C.iT. and the cash
receipts up to October 1 were $2-5,000.
The following gentlemen wore, elected as the
Board of Directors, after Which the annual .se*-
sloli adjourned: T. W. Avery, E. C. Earned. H.
W. King, T. M. Harvey, Marshall Field. John. V.
Farwell, N. 8. Bontun, Murray Nelson, .T. T. Kyer
son, N. K. Fnirbank. 11, O. Johnson, George M.
rulhnan, Wirt Dexter. Julius Rosenthal, H. E.
Sargcaut, C. 11. 8. Miner, A. B. Meeker, D.-G.
Caulfield, J. N. McGregor Adams, K. J». Mason,
Colonel C. G. Hammond.
The Directors then bold a meeting for tbe pnr
iK>se of appointing officers for the ensuing year.
>lr. H W. King, tho former President, waa.ro
appointed to tho same office, and Mr. O-C. Gibbs
was appointed General Superintendent.
.On motion of Mr. Wirt Dexter, thy following
resolution was adopted.:
Etarimf, That the existing by law, bo far jm It HmlU
thc.mirab.-rof the Executive Committee, be repealed
amKthe following be snbrdiUited on that point: AnEx
ecutive Committee shall be selected bv rite baanl, who
shall have power to .remind the general Imvluu-u of
the wclety, Mibjcet to muli conditions as the board
may from time to time adopt:
Mr.'Wirt DextOrwjn chosen Chairman of the
Executive Coiumlttce, and, on his motion, tie fol
lowing gentlemen were added; o, G. Hammond,
T. M. Avery, T. W. Harvey, D. H. O. Johnson. J.
McGregor Adams,N. K. Kairbunlc.Miirntv Nelson,
GcorgM. Pullman, Henry W. King, N. S. Bouton,
On motion it was resolved that five should con
stitute a quorum. <Mr, Gcovgn 31. Pullman was
appointed Treasurer. and the meeting mlioanuul.
The Executive Committee then went mlo scs
siou to perform the usual business.
Home Insurance Companies.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sut: I have noticed in your city pa
pers, articles on the subject of lire insurance con
nected with homo companies, which do not. in
my estimation, take that broad and comprehen
sive view of the question which 1 had expected
from journals conducted with that ability that
usually characterize* those of Chicago. It is but
natural under the great losses sustained by our
citizens to complain of those by whom they have
suffered; and among the loud and bitter com
plains none are more loud than th >se uttered by
all against our home companies. which companies
have themselves been among the greatest safier
crs.! But thatthoy arenriihcr culpable or worthy
of aught hot sympathy, I think a full understand
ing of the subject will clearly be made to appear.
Insurance companies have become, in those days,
in the estimation of nearly our whole community,
a necessity, in all our tmsiness i elation*. To meet
this necessity persons must bo willing to furnish
capital, and capitalists cannot be induced to In
vest their funds without a fair and adequate com
pensation for the risk incurred. Experience has
taught that a certain class of risks. umt*r ordi
nary circumstance#, can be carried for a certain
premium. Brick dwellings at ono rate, frame
dwellings at another, merchandise of ono descrip
tion at one rnto and merchandise of otherdescrip
tious at other rates. By a careful analysis and
long experience something approximating to sys
tem had enabled Judicious* underwriters to fudge,
pretty accurately, as to what was the risk as
sumed, and what rate would emtblo
the insurer to accept the risk.
As was before said, these rates wore
fixed under ordinary and not extraordinary cir
cumstances.. The experience of mauy yearn was
that, under these ordinary fclrcuiu.-tancca, insur
ance companies had arranged for the risks' they
had assumed on the capital they bad Invested,
from 7to 10 per cent, the receipt* or premiums
being consumed about :ie follows For losses. 00
per cent; for expenses, no to :et per cent, and
profits on business, 7to 10 per cent; hue competi
tion had reduced the rates and incn a«cd the ex
penses, so that few companies hud been able to
do a safe business lor the premiums received,
oveii|Underthe ordinary circumstances, for dis
honest men would insure their goods or buildings
»t moro than they were worth, and
then, by some singular and unexplainable
accident, they would bum up. and
In all cases the juries would decide against in
surers, so that it became almost a settled convic
tion with insurers that if a loss occurred they had
better pay. though fraud and incendiarism
were most plainly to bo seen, beeau-e Lhcditli
culty of proving it was such that, though the
conclusion was almost a certainty, yet'* furies
would always decide in favor of the insured! Th*
premium on dwelling houses ha* varied from -*0
cents on to on Sioo. on merchandise*, in
brick buildings of hazardous character, it was
from 40 to 75 cents on SIOO, and *o on through all
the risks at rates which. It will ever be. borne in
mind, were adequate under -erdinan circum
stances to insuro against loss. Ir will readily be
admitted that our recent conflagration was far
from being an ordinary occurrence. Is so,whence'
comes this world-wide sympathy, this outgush
ingflpwof aid from every quarter where there
is a heart to beat for the suffering and a hand
to minister to their wants But why such bitter
ness and want of-sympathy for all that have
suffered as insurers i Those that have put tholr
all in insurance business have lost their all—it is
as legitimate a business as any other, if followed
honcotly and honorably—they have undertaken
to insure a hundred dollars worth of property
for aay fifty cents, which was an adequate com
pensation for ordinary risk, but which should
have been at least tlfty dollar* under the present
circumstances. Had the Insurer demanded fifty
dollars on the hundred insured, would anv per
son hare paid the premium? But the wicked
home companies have insured us and do not nav
cry out all, and are not to be trusted: and are to
be cried down and denounced lu bitterest terms,
and why! Because they do not pay. say the
clamorous. How can they pay a ri&k for which
they received but fifty cents when they should
have received moro, than fifty dollars I AJlthe
tS5S™i- e *h!?? tai of State* could not
P 6 Q c losbca sustained In Chicago, and the
losses, fall most heavily and crushingly upon
USSLI? 110 -the most business Hero. IMhe
SsiSl» i S!2f anc of he been done by
thß 1651111 would have been
that a|l foreign companies would have falled.and
if adeipiAtc rules to meet such a risk had been de
manded. the loss would have fallen upon our clti
zens, foe none-would have paid premium* to meet
such a.risk. But, say the sufferers, “I will l»e more
cautions in the future. I will be certain that tho
company I insure in Is responsible.” No com
pany is responsible that cake risks at ordin
ary rates and to meet extraordinary circumstan
ces, and no parties will c ver pay, nor should ther
eat be made to pay, for such, risks as the terri
ble calamity that has befallen our city would de
mand. I ask, are the unjust, and. as I consider,
mo?t chiel denunciations against our homo cora
panlcs to be of any benefit to the people! Most
clearly not, but greatly to their Injury. And
why! ;The company that is supposed to be good
and reliable'win demand two or three, and, as is
now being.done, four or live times, the .premiums
that they-would be entitled to under ordinary
circumstances, and the'people will b© compelled
to pay lt:"bnt will they be any more secure
.against such a calamity as we hqve experienced I
Capitalists do uot invest their money In insur
ance companies expecting to lose It. People
will not par for extraordinary risks, nor is
it wise or :or tho public luterost to ask or compel
them to do so, lor imder the existing order of
things they pet no greater sccurtiy foe tho
treater premium they are compelled to pay. be
cause the annual profits art* anmmlly divided,
and companies with one or ten miUlous of capital
offer no greater security to the insurodthan thoaa
of more limited capital, for what would have
been the result if all had been insured in a cam.
panTfvf live or oven of ten millions. Allowing
tho loss to have been &w,(W.ob> thev would only
have received about .rper pent CHi that pufferr t
and it tho losses. had been equally dHt-iwr
among all the companies of America it wnnil
have swept away nil tho capital invested n tv,*
department of buMnesa, and then; would h
been nonn to injure in the fdtaro:| Vivdex
-.Chicago, NoV*. ft.
An Alleged Important' Discovery.
To the Editor of The Ch.cdgo Tribune
Bin Tho Fire-Pruof Ticket” was not Invented
by me, nevertheless I have made a tiroq»rnof in
vention. Whoso wants to bear, let him bear
Whosoever-passes by and hears not, may one <Uy
rdgret it. Hard beads can be softened. Thu
Fptos will teach the 61nggarrt wlro*will not leara.
aiy invention Is thejnost Important and neees
.eqryof-cmr times.. The same' is made up cf iu.>
.toiials thatarcrabundanr, ebcap, uadjrcadily oi»
tained so*that the sumo can be jmrehaaedati
/air price. This smlJefcSn'ce *has piWed itself mm
pletclj- anrtciMtely fireproof. Tl.i, aiSS*
orcoiupoaition.Tlces notburuuorlieiiil.anr wliim.’
eubjccicit to the severest heat will not become
hot or glowing.
If woo;! be placeil on nno fide of this comoorf
t On, onrt aetrpiig. continnmis Hr?- Is kept np on
Die other side the:oof, and the heat he kept r.o r„-
a lons Umo even, the wood will not igtUto, nor
even oe charred by the heat. 1
How can tho same be used
It van he used in place of ulndowblindf. roof
ing. and covering of the sides ut 1,-jiisca., for
any otherpnrpose whatever. Even hmiws'that
are completed may be covered with this sub.
etance. without aubjeeting thu -ame to anr
changes. J
The Whole cost of buying and fastening thf«
composition will amount to but little more tlrm
ode Year’s premium for Insurance. Shoo’d -sii
buildings be covered with this substance, tiro in
surance companies would soon cease to exist
When buildings are made tire-proof against any
flro frem without, they need not bo mad* proof
against llrcs arising from within. Houses Pro
tected against Arcs only that arise from s‘imo
cause within tire building, and not against dres
from without, all generally bum down. Can any
witness of the bile conflagration that devastated
our beautiful city, dear tins 1 You all noticed th&
general destruction, including buildings that,
prior totho fire, every one thought sbenro. I saw
window-bars that were molten and all bent up;
so also shutters of iron, that gave no more protec
tion than. wooden blinds. Buildings incased in
iron aenbe come down as If erected with rcoda
and.clay. r
It may be asserted that to say that a thing mn
bo done is no proof of its actual performance.
In less than two weeks I can demonstrate tha
feasibility and value of- my composition. Oiva
mo the requisite money. I will bulldasmall
bouse. Cby 6, In Imitation of our small' retail
store buildings; surround the same with wood;
heap as many cords of wood around this model as
can be placed there; and. If tho planks or other
woodwork inside of this imitation house bum or
get charrcd.Tou may set me down as an Impostor.
tf my invention prove a success, I desire tm
have tho success giro mo the reputation
credit I will then undoubtedly deserve.
1 don’t want to have anything to do with pat
ents or patent men, for which I also hope to re
ceive consideration.
Still, no one will suppose that I will squander
axty money only to show what I am able to do.
and for the people's benefit solely. In that cot»
I would be a great fool, and I trust you do nob
consider me such, nor that you are to believo that
lam h humbug and charlatan. I have liitherto
made my living by, the sweat of my brow, and
hope to do so while I live; and you qm rcstas
euird that, as certain as Chicago was burned
duwr, I myself will start the thing. My house is
Secure, and won’t bum down.
If j ou do not attend to thismatter, you may ox*
pect 15 s« e your houses destroyed. Don’t come to
me when they are burned out. Should 1 then ex
hibit pomo exultation, you will readily* pardon
me. For, as in tho beginning 1 told you, I repost
again, whoso will not bear. let him feel, and who
cannot bo counselled, cannot be helped.
Anton* Haciik4,
_ Ko. ua West Tv. olfth street.
Chicago, Nov. is.
xjie Liverpool, London, Globe In.
■arnneo Company.
ITom the American Builder.
Among the insurance companies that are
paying tlielr losses ia this city, without
grumbling or jockeying, foremost stands the
grand old Liverpool. London A* Globe. Quick
as the lightning could carry it, after the great
fire, came word from the head office to pay
nil losses in full; nor areiheAmericausocun
ties to he touched for this purpose, but tho
needed are to come from across the
sea. And it was pleasant to witness the calm
ness and urbanity of the company's general
agent. Mr. William Warren, during the days
that immediately followed the tiro, answer
ing all questions promptly, assuring his cli
ents I hat they were in safe hands, and do
ing all In* could to allay their uxeUunicat.
At this writing we chance to know that
the Liverpool, London Globe has boon
paying its losses in full: that is to say, it has
not employed a sot of jockeys, called ad
justers, to use every cunning device for in
ducing policy-holders to accept less than, tho
full amount, carcfullv-requiring them to
sign receipts for one hundred cents on tho
dollar, ns seme American companies Imvo
been doing. We have- had opportunities for
taking ample notes concerning certain modes
of settlement adopted by companies hereto
fore considered respectable, and purpose
showing, at a future time, how disreputably
they have acted ia these particulars.
—Aproject for nulling the Block and Caspian
Seas by u canal, according to the plan of Captain
Blum, is engaging the attention of the Russian
Government. The cost is estimated at about
$50,000,000. r
BANKING.
LIT, PSESTON IBM,
BANKERS,
Blasouic Building;, cor. Rasdolpb
and llalstcd-sts..
Receive deposits, discount commercial paper, and
transact regular banking business.
Also draw gold bills of exchange on Now York, and
make advances on gold and governments at low rate*
of interest.
Wo boy or exchange the called 5 30s of *62, on which
tho interest ceases alter Dec. L
We have completed arrangements by which we draw
sterling drafts on London, and furnish letter* ot credit
to European travellers.
BRANCH OFFICE. 453 Waboshav.
Dry Goods Bank.
CAPITA!., $1,000,000.
S-56 Broadway, NEW ¥025.
DIRECTORS.
Jatxis Slade.
Thomas I*. Kldrlitge,
Samuel B. Ihimi.
Colnelius X. Bliss,
M. F. Hunt.
Walter H. 1.rw1~..
EWridse, onn!um Jfe Co.
r i ‘i l ’iH xra Tucker A tv.
Jolm S. Ebon Wrijjlit A Co,
StiauUlinff. limit A Co.
Lewlfi Brother* Cc.
Eil'.vanl M. Tuw utcud
Jacob WcmUU,
S. if*. Flslht.
Jan.os Kniott. Kraot. Hammond A'Pomeiw, {CoanaoL>
Hewlett ScxiiMor, Jones, Umlrrhlil SeuiWer.
George F. Victor, F. Vietor* AolieUs.
£v ce “Wl-, James p. m.lto A Co.
Edward K I’«*or, Denny, Poor Col
Chas; G. siiaw, Shaw. Barbour Co. (of Cincinnati)
Henry Almy, Almr 4 Co,
Accounts ol Bank*. Bankers. JtTerchant*. Mannfae
inters am! dealers generally throughout the country
are elicited. CtOlvctlons made on rory
terms, interest allowed on tfaninf and BankersTDal*
aaces. <Lcr un i.
KASDWARE.
BARKLEY, AILING CO.
loteals Harters,
395 and 327 Stated
"We are now opening a new and com*
plete stock of AHEBIOAH, ENGLISH,
and .GBTIIffAH HARDWARE, to'which.
we would invite the attention of the trade.
We keep as good goods and make as low
prices as any house in, Chicago. Orders
solicited, particularly from our old friends.
MARKXEY, AILOfO CO.
J. L WAYNE SON,
NO. 14 NORTH CANAL-ST.,
tlate 190 Late-st.) have a lull lino ot
Cabinet,' Builders’ and General
I HARDWARE,
Upholsterers’ Goods Undertakers'
Trimmings.
Thanking frioDfc fur past patronage, we u.sk a con
tlmmiuf tl.f sahi«*.
FI.OTJR.
Pffl, SWIFT &COf
34 North Canal-st.
Sole Agents for the Celebrate^
MAGNOLIA,” DEXTER,”'
_ I. X. L. Family Flour.
Hone Genuine unless obtained from as.
Buckwheat Flour, Hominy, Corumeal,
t &c., coustnntly in ato^rr
COAL.
COAL.
For the i-enYenlenco of cnatomci* in
sonthpnrtof au oflleealits
l«rmjv.-*en)uil**t. All orders Jor Cual left there will
receive i-romM attention KO(: Kits it CO
■varos, in iijirtet-st., ami 772 south CUrfcat.
-y-j
M
Town«4'nd'«fc Y&le.
J. C. Howo Co.