J
a«gww»ni n imiamLi.
The Chicago Tribune.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEiIBEB I, IS7I.
To Advertisers,
Having -secured additional printing facilities, giving
u? cnc-half more space than heretofore, we shall re
turn to our former talcs tar cistuiyzd adtxbtxsb
ynsrs. Wt- believe that.we can now accommodate
r»U our pations. Our rates are now leas than before
the fuc, eince we give a longer line at the same price.
Advertisements will ba received at our main office,
No. 15 Canal htreet, or at the branch office, at the book
ut.er of Cobb. Andrews Co., 469 Wabash avenue.
V7SIOX NOMINATIONS,
rtre-rroof Ticket for City and Count*'
Officers.
.Jodet* of the Saperlor A. J»mj» au
itJaeofiheCircoltOoun— framu.l W, 1 altar,
event J Trpi-»a;ar—JnUan S. Itomier-
County eni vrj-or—Altxandar W o-cotu
Tolicf Reltm.
Hntc Senator—Artemas Carter.
County Commissioners.
O«l«”i*'chcock. Uun,Kh”tf“'
t* r >k.Ur. JtlUß4»'hUe,
JolmCmw*«»rd, Jotio Ilrrtins.
J. 11. l’*Um.n. Ashton.
Jfltcpa Basil..
City Officers.
Ma«-t»r-JoM*rh
Tr*aFurtr-I>. A.O'ga.
Collivtor—tJeorce >«in Uolian,
Attorni'y—laraei N. SHlea.
l.rk I’oliieCoßit-C, U. Matson,
i'olica ilag-slratcs-John SnannarCeld.
r.T.bheilock.
W. 11. Stickney.
Aldermen.
Ward*. WsHs.
1. Cbatmrey T. Bowen, H. bto»i.
S. Arthur Ulxon. Monroe Ho*lU.
3. rhlto J. Warner. IX 0«. W.SharwooJ.
4. A. 11. ilcAvuy. H. C i e «i* n f l
5. n.B.btone. if
n Krnifirk. Jfi. Tbo*. »l*Bl.
William Bawblgh. IT. O. Mntiwhlechner.
a v rinarf IS. OVIB JJCUtrUiT*
Vi Jimra McMullen.. I». MshloaDjOrtlen.
l&. L. L. Uoud. Lambert Tree.
Constable*.
P.«J. It Wllmh.
r. F. C. Vierllof. It. Martin Mcqnn?.
j«t siodeßi. tft. B. F. Christian,
‘a! cVo. McLean.' U. John H. Uotwm.
k. Daniel Trey. IT. Leak M-rckl.
7. John Darkio. IS. Tbonat McMahon,
Matibpw Hernias. 1»- JJ. M. Fi I**’' 1
7. William Murphy. 90. lllehaal Mae*uley.
:c. Jet Loll.
Town Officer*,
cVi’ictora—^w««t Sid.—Dominick KltuUch.
Kcrth Bld*—« M. w«i«b.
t-»ath Hide—John W. T«rP'B.
huh'f’iMn 81J«—llcnrf Pilgtue,
North Hdt-F.ter Mrnur.
bouth Klde-V. Loev.Btkxl.
T«*n Gcrki—Wf»tßM«—M. M. Jdiiltr.
i orth Sid<—John J. llf'ly.
tooth SU .-LouU
ALDERMAN HOLDEN*
Alderman C. C. P. Holden, like other people,
must be known bj the company he keeps.
During the past year the only downright bad
job that be voted for in the Council was the
Walker water lot purchase. This happened to
be the worst pill in the box, and the last one
that the famous nineteen aeked the people to
swallow. The fire came along just In time to
gave us from the consummation of this swindle,
hut no thanks to Alderman G. G. P. Holden.
”e now appears os the nominee of the nineteen
d of their following for the office of Mayor.
ill L associations at this juncture are not excua
n even ia one who has for years been con
umero with a desire to be Mayor of Chicago.
selected the worst lime for the gratifica
aof this desire, and the worst machinery to
accomplish it. If the peop’o vote for him now
they sanction the Walker lot purchase, and the
unnecessary squandering of SIOO,OOO of public
money. This was Holden’s pet measure, and it
Is (air to suppose that, if elected, bis first official
act will he to carry it out, in conjunction with
the votes of the celebrated nineteen.
Since the day of the great fire Mr. Holden's
conduct has been heavily charged with dema-
ROgism. He has quarrelled with the Relief
Committee about the custody of contributions,
and has stirred up bad feeling, to the extent of
bis ability, between the West Division and the
other Divisions—perhaps without intending to
do so. If he bud been Mayor, instead of Mr.
Mason, at that jnnilure, we ahon'd have appre
hended great mischief from bis flighty and ca
pricious mind, if not from his positive inten
tions. Wc venture to say that a largo ma
jority of our citizens, in the West D.vision
sb well as the North and South, were rejoiced
that Mr. Holden was not in a position of su
preme authority at the time of the fire. Is he
any more fit for it now? Wo think not. The
public business of the ensuing two years requires
above all things a cool head, and that Mr. Hol
den has not. It requires something more than
a local reputation, and that Mr. Hotden has not.
requires a knowledge ot finance on a larger
Scale than Mr. Holden possesses. It requires, in
»bor(, a bmadxr JolalK-et *nd a tauter balance
than Mr. Holden has or ever can lave. He has
bad considerable experience in municipal affairs:
but, aside from this, the city could not furn'sh a
man Ices fitted to take the helm in a storm than
Alderman C. C. P. Holden.
Wc regret to say these things, but duty com
pels us to do so. lathe brief campaign which
is now commencing, we shall endeavor to say
nothing which wo shall wish unsiid after it is
over. It is our solemn conviction that the
election of Mr. Holden, nnd the bummers who
train at bis hi els, would he a public calamity
rfecoud only to the fire itself, for it would bo an
advertisement and proclamation to the world
that Chicago is incapable of managing her
affairs with piudcncc and decorum, even when
chastened by the greatest misfortune of modern
Umcs.
mil. CUAItLES XI.
It is well known tbnt Mr. Charles 11. Ham
was a candidate for County Treasurer two ytars
ngo. It- is belivved by Ms associates on the
ticket that be was one of the henry loads which
weighed it down, and brought it to its unhappy
end. It is v.c*l known that Mr. Ham was a can
didate for the Republican nSmaatioa for City
Treasurer Ibis year, and that, up to the lime ol
the fire, nil the other candidates fur all the other
offices were steering tlcnr of him, nnd advising
him not to run. It Is tonally well known lb t
be was a candidate for County Treasurer be
fore the joint Union Committee, nod that public
opinion forced him oft* the ticket. It
is not so well known that, in bis eagerness to
get another office (bo now holds one with a
tVinry ol three thousand dollars per annum), he
crowded off an old friend, Mr. Philip Wads
worth, to whom he wpw then, and is now, under
peculiar obligation*. No sooner were bb claims
rejected by the Union Committee than he
rushed offto the sntlhwng convention, and sc
oured their nomtcciiou for the office of City
Treasurer.
Is it possible that this inveterate and un
blushing office-seeker is to be elected to hold
all the public funds of the city of Chicago dur
ing the next two years? Let it be borne in
mind that the salary of this office is
only twenty-five hundred dollars per
year, and that the office which Mr.
11am now holds, and which he must
resign in order to bold that of City Treasurer,
is three thousand dollars. Docs Anybody sup
pose that Mr. Hum is seeking to donate fire
hundred do’lare per year to the public service
Tell that to the tnarincsl There is, there must
be, something not divulged to the public, which
explains why Mr. Ham is willing to resign a
three thousand dollar office in order to accept a
twenty-fire hundred dollar office. Docs any
body suppose that this reason, whatever it may
be, will tend to strengthen the credit of the
city, or to enable our citizens to borrow money,
at living rates of interest, to rebuild their bnrned
stores and homesteads? If there is any such
parson, who is himself not a candidate for office,
let him speak out. The public would like to
Lear from him.
THE FARMERS,
The farmers of Cook County should bear in
wind that the late fire, which destroyed the
public records, swept away all their titles, and
that those titles must bo the Joint
action of the Legislature, the courts, and some
kind of a commission yet to be devised. In the
construction of that commission the new county
board will necemrily have something to say.
There is a scheme on foot to make it cost SSOO
ter each tract of ground whose title is to be re
stored, and this means |SOO for each separate
piece or parcel of land in the county. To defeat
this precious scheme for taxing every land
owner in Cook County will be the earnest en
deavor of every good citizen; and now wo ask
the public, and especially the farmers, whether
they think the scallawag ticket nominated yes
terday, or the fire-proof ticket, which stand's at
the head of our columns, will be most zealous
and influential In defeating the iniquity? All
wc a*k is that they shall take the.names on the
two lists and diligently compare them, and then
role for the one which renreoents the largest
share of integrity, responsibility, and reputation.
Again, these County Commissioners bare the
right to levy taxes for public purposes. Docs
anybody suppose that the candidates on the
scall.TUT.g ticket trill bo more economical in dis
bursement?, more honest in management, more
prudent in dealing with public interests than
those on the Union ticket? Will Mr. Fred
Tcsch serve the public better than Charles
Hitchcock, late rreiiJcut uf the Constitutional
Convention? Will RohhmJer and Holland, of
the old Board of Supervisors, be more economi
cal than Col. and Carter Harrison?
Will X!. D, King, the keeper of a whiskey
“dive,” answer the public necessities at this
lime better than John Jones, one of onr largo
real estate owatM r.nd taxpayers? Will Jacob
Harthj ex-keeper of a beer saloon, be a more
intelligent guardian of tbo public treasury than
Christian Wahl? Hot the farmers of Cook
county ponder these questions. They mean
business.
THE NORTHWEST.
ILLINOIS.
On the 251h alt., as a Mrs. Kimball, of Saunemln
township, LeSallc Connty, was filling a kerosene lamp
from a can of tbo one, the lamp and can both explod
ed, setllrg fire to tho woman’s clothes. She waa so
horribly burned that she died In a few hours, and her
son, a young man of2l years, while trying to save his
mother, waa bo badly burned that ho Is lying In a
critical condition.
-Hog cholera U prevailing In tho lower partofTazo*
well County. Daniel Sap_p, of Spring Lake, lately lost
twenty animals by the disease.
—A desperate affray occurred at Paris, on lasl-Sun
day morning, between two parlies offarmors, In which
one of them, William Sblnoy, waa killed.
—The Aurora Literary Society are debating tho
question; “Jtoofwd, That the burning of Chicago was
an act of Providence.’'
—At Lincoln, October 23, Mary Ann Swindell, about
IS years of age, shot Henry H. Howell, of Prairie
Creek, In the law office of Season A BUnn. Tho shot
was made from behind. The ball entered below the
right shoulder and came out through the loft fbretai,
and. It is feared, will prove fatal. Mies Swindell had
a suit against Howell for seduction, which has just
been compromised, and, os Mr. Howell waa starting
togettheir agreement acknowledged by a Jnatlce,
she drew tho pistol and fired without uttering a word.
IOWA
Davenport baa just paid the last Judgment against
the dry on account of a large amount of railroad In
debtedness incurred many years ago. Nearly .every
city In lowa was almost swamped by Its railroad sub
scriptions, but a few of them, like Davenport, went
to work with n will to settle up and pay off all claims.
Davenport Is the first to get dear of them, but sev
eral other cities are not far behind,
—J. C. Cochrane, the'supervising architect of the
Capitol bollding, has tendered his resignation.
—A three million dollar mortgage was recorded at
lowa Citj last week. It wa« upon the CUoton
lowa City Railroad, end was given to raise money for
extending the road to Oskalooea.
—The Rev. William Thomas, who w&i discovered In
a disgraceful Intimacy with another man's wife, at
Osceola, committed suicide the other day by taking
morphine.
—The wife of Senator Harlan, of lowa, has become
so much worse in her illness as to lead to her removal
to New York for eminent treatment
—The wife of R. K. Carpenter, of Port Dodge—
broiler to the Governor-elect of lowa-died on Sun
day of l&etweek.
WISCONSIN.
A fearful accident occurnd at Baraboo on tbo 37th
nit., occasioned by the premature explosion of a blast
in the Stone Cut near that place. Seven men were
Injured, two cf them, John Cassidy and John Allan,
prcbatly fatally. Nineteen other men standing near
by escaped unhnrt.
—FKcks of poultry in Watertown have been at
tacked with a disease which b&ffiasalt skill to cure.
Tire fowl is attacked in the bead, which gets tore and
niotllflo. Several persons h 4 vo entire
ib-cl:- to keep the disease from spreading.
—Tic ManitwWoc Tribune says tha*. If weather
prophets judge correctly, this will be an excellent
wider for the lumbermen at any rate they arc
making extensive preparations.
—The Ford Uu Lac Reporter says there Is a man,
living near the western line of that county, of re
markable dimensions. His height. Is only, 5 feet G
inches, but be weighs 433 pounds, bos a waist 7u
inches around, breast 63 inches, thigh 33 inches, arm
£0 inches, tnd cock2l Inches.
—The chair factories of Madison arc absolutely
overrun with business. They have received orders
for on Incredible number of chairs from Chicago, and
rue w> rking early acd Lto to flit them.
—Sarah Snytlic, a beautiful rich man's daughter, at
Janesville. Wls., subscribed the JO which bur father
gave her fora ucw dress, to the Chicago relief tund.
Of course that sort of thing struck in on the old gen
tleman, and Lc bought Sarah c $53 silk dress.
INDIANA.
Quite an excitement has been created In the neigh
borhood of bmedtcy'a Sutton, on the Louisville,
New Albany Chicago Railroad, in Washington
County, Ind..byacaß3 of infanticide that came to
light cn tbo .xTib nit. Some persons passing along
the read leading from Salem to Orleans, near
Smodley'a, discovered the half-coasnmed body o! an
Infant lying alongside thn highway, several bogs
tearing it to piccos and eating it.
—aiisa mu wiics. is ream old, niece of Colonel
Wiles, United States Revenue Assessor, was so burn
ed ut Indianapolis. Oct. 23, that she died in a few
hours. Her clothes caught fire from acDokicg stove.
MICHIGAN.
Robert Morgan, a convict sentenced to Imprison*
meet for fifteen years by the Recorder’s Court at De*
Iroit, In IfCo, for burglary and robbery, commuted
tnlclfictn the 37th, at the Jackson Penitentiary, by
cutting his throat with a dull case-knife.
—The Hon. Digby V. Bull, of Battle Creek, died at
that place on Saturday. His public life commenced
as far hack 1 S3?, when he was Bao*^Commissioner,
under the first lew of the State, lie was iu the Leg
islature two Motions, once in the House and once ia
the Senate, and also rendered service as Commis
sioner of th« Stale Land Office, and Auditor General,
holding tho latter cClco from ISIG to 1313* About the
vearlfciO be went to Chicago and look charge of a
commercial college, and afterward was in similar
populous in Detroit and Baltic Crock. At the time
of his drr.lh he had been, for a few months, Post
master of Battle Creek. His age was CS.
MINNESOTA.
Duluth had Us steam fire engine and boas: burned
cnthcStttb nit.
—A decree of divorce has been granted at St. Paul,
in the esse of Anne Eaton vs. Geo. Eaton, on the
ground of Incompatibility of temper and general ill.
treatment. Tht plaintiff Is a white lady; ihe de
fendant a colored gentleman.
—Mr.C. M. Smith, recently from Fort Garry, in
forms lie at. Cloud .foumclrhat nothing is known
attbefort concerning the discovery of grid in.the
vicinity ol Lake Shabondawin; and that there.had
teen co ruth to that section, or anywhere Seise la
Manitoba for the nuggets” of precious ore.
MISSOURI.
A few days since, a column of granite six feet |in
diameter, sixty-two feet tn.length, and weighing
about one h> mired and sixty tons, was cot out of a
quarry in Southern Missouri. It is not proposed to
preserve this oolumn of granite in its entirety, |bnt
It la to be made available in the construction of the
cajitol at Springfield, 111.
OHIO.
A horse thief, confined; at Collna, Mercer County,
dee ded to starve himself to death, and kept hla reso
lution clue days, when be was prevailed upon to
take some beef lea. Since then he has consented to
takes Utile daily nourishment.
—TbeArhubula Sentinel soya that many farmers
who arc now sending milk to tbo cheese factories,
Intend to change and make butt:r. They aay that it
dees not r*7 to make cheese at the present price.
—An Ohio paper says that a determined woman,
desirous of exercising the right of suffrage at Iho
li.le election, attempted to circumvent tho judge* of
election at one of tl.c polls in Columbiana county by
walking up to Iho ballot-box and thrusting hor ticket
in the aperture. Unfortunately for her abo had
wTif.cn her came on the hack of her ballot, and U was
detected and throw n out.
—Tho quid vner of Newbory, Geauga County,
ba*rt bail m *vry plpju«i.t \*r» »>f ruo,«o«n lu COnnsctUm
with a recent marriage. Thirty-soven years ago this
month the present groom took oat a license to marry
the present bride. For certain causes thcmsrrlage
did not take place under that license. Meanwhile
tte present groom has lost one wife and tho present
bride ha»| lost two husbands, and now tho broken en
gagement cf thirty-seven years ago ha* been re
newed.
THE TERRITORIES.
The St. Lonis JtepuMtcan baa an account of the
riot cos pre-ceedings cf a gang of desperadoes, last
Friday, at Gib*on, the terminus ofthe Missouri, Kan
sas i Texas Railroad, In the Indian Territory. The
rioters; were led by the villains known as Limber
Jack or Pony Bill and Eeno Bill, and, having got des
perately drank, roie through town, firing their re*
rolversat random. They wounded several persons,
and Intimidated the people to such an extent that
stores were closed and business suspended. Finally,
they attempted to destroy the property In the store
of Keys Brothers, when they were mat by a posse
of citizens, who ordered them to de»lst, and, on their
refusing, fired npon them. Limber Jack was wound
ed In the face and lungs, and one of the posse was
wounded 'la the abdomen. Keno Bill surrendered,
and the rest of the gang fled. The citizens were da
termlood lohaug Keao BUI, hot finally yielded to
better counsel and sent him oat of town, threatening
toldUhim If he aver returned. The next day Untied
States Marshal Johnson, of Fori Smith, Arkansas,
ponced Keno Bill, captured him at Port Scott, Rau
zas, and took him and Limber Jack to Van Baren,'
Arkansas, where they will be toned over to the
authorities.
PSXSOXAL.
Cardinal AotoaelU fa dangerously ill.
—Richard U. Dans, the oldest of American poets,
Is four yeara the renlor of Charles Sprague, who was
Q)Tears old on the 2Cih nil. John Notl was born In
17M, and William C. Bryant in November, 1797,
—John Quincy Adams, the Democratic candidate
for Governor of Mawachns tta. opposes woman
rnflregc, to a letter to the committee appointed by
the eaffrago-sMkers of MaaaachneotU to obtain the
views of the eandldatas on this subject.
—The Optra composed by Verdi for the Viceroy of
i nr, xx\i.x> uj-X-iii: i>> xwuxu x, xoix.
Egypt seems to be founded on a local and more or
tees historical subject. It may also posses political
significance, Inasmuch as It belongs to a period when
Egypt waa ruled by independent sovereigns. The
work ta to bo ready by December, and to be produced
In tbo course of that month at Cairo.
—Frank Harris, a negro of Montgomery County,
received the premium of £530 at tho St. Louis Fain
for the beat bale of cotton raised In Alabama.
—Francisco Felix baa commenced suit in a San
Francisco court against the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, to recover (ICO.OCO damages for Injuries he’
sustained by a collision a year igo.
—Ueary Criicbcr, who suddenly disappeared from
among bis Mfow curb-stone brokers, some months
alnce. In San Francisco, Jea> lng a number of liabili
ties unsettled, la raid to be in Pern with Harry
Mcifrpa.
—lire. Stowe will make $13,000 out of her Florida
orange grove.
-It has been decided to appoint John G. Stokes
of Alabama, Minister to Brazil. He was formerly ed
itor of the Montgomery Journal, a Republican paper.
—James Brooks, of the New York Express has
been drinking joleps made with Boston les In Ja
pan.
—An ex-mutineer, recently captured by the British
authorities, asserts that Nona Sahib la still alive.
•.A doctor baa discovered arsenic In the tea of Mr.
Somers, of Marsachosetts, and Mrs. Somers has been
sent to the local baetlle. Ai several of Mrs. S.’s pre
vious husbands mysteriously disappeared, it Is feared
that she Is a modem Borgia.
—Eugenie knocks tho ashes off ten cigarette* per
dUm.
—Age does not always bring wisdom, for though
IG7 years old, Mary Ann Cunningham, of New York,
got drunk on Tuesday night of last week and was ar
retted, being afterwards discharged with a warning
of the future which awaited her if she continued in
such conduct.
—Victor Hngo threatens to hang George Bancroft,
the hlttorian, on eternal gallows of Infamy.” Ban
crofl’a offence was writing a congratulatory letter to
General Von Moltke after t,e late victorious French
war.
—A gtc.TranclfCO letter says; •’The Horatio
Slabbing, the successor of Starr King nthe pulpit of
the Unitarian Chnrch, has recently received a call to
Alias Easters pulpit, with promise of a salary} of
f!0,C00. Tho society will endeavor to of&ct it. Steb
b!ns la onr ‘Beecher,’ and yctb-i doea sot equal the
late lamented Starr King.”
—Branch, Sona A Co., of Augusta. Ga., sent their
draft for (1,000 to be appl.eu to Chicago relief.
—William Atkins, one of the proprietors of the
Vicksburg (Mies.) Timet and Republican, dlsd In
that city, October 33. of yellow fever. Mr. A. was
formerly a resident of ibis city.
—Governor Henry A. Wise exemplified his won
derful vllalliy*'—and that of bis an Hence—by as
eight hours’ speech at Richmond recently.
—Grace Greenwood drove a spike on the Denver
Rio Grande Railway, and, although she had tho as
siftascc of a man In striking it, she found It hard
woik. She says I really thought U wouldn’t go
home till morning.”
—Thomas Gadsden, once a noted Sonih Carolina
politician, died at Charleston last week at the age
of 73.
—Eugene, one of the Barons Rothschild, Is coming
to America to help forward the scheme for the colo
nization of all Jews at Jerusalem.
—During an altcrca.lon but Friday Mr. Dlngtey. of
Carco, Me., ttabbed Lis eon George In the tide, in
flicting a serious wound. The eon bad previously
belabored the old man severely with apiece of board.
Dlnglcy, senior, was arrested and taken before Trial
Justice Jackson, where the case was compromised by
the old gentleman's paying the costs, which he JIJ.
with the plbiativo protest that it was kinder hard l>
give a cowand two tons of bay to pay for such a d—d
walloping as be br.il gut."
—lt ta stand list lho Rev. Joel S. Edwards, of Mar
shalltowr, Wli*„ has Jallcn he r to an Immense estate
in England. It aj pears that in 1773, Robert Edwards,
grandfather of the March >.Uown minister, leased to
the ircwnn valuable piece of land for nicety-nine
years. Ihe lease expired on the Ifthday of last July,
and Mr, E. Las received notice that be, with thirty
four otbi-r person*, ia heir to the estate, which has
cow reached the almo-i fabulous value of IJ.OyO.OJO.
Mr. Edwards Uanilul-icr of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, having a«barge In Grundy County, ehhouyh
he r.'rldos In Martballtown.
—Tbomrs Duncan, a colored servant cf Thomas F.
Geode, ofMrginia. laK ring under an attack of mini*
a yofw, was rent to tl.o Pennsylvania Hospital fo
trcr-lmcnt, in charge of Detective Russell. The
I atlont proceeded to tlo hospital very quietly, bat
on reaching the ledge be said: have
brought yon a gentleman who is insane. He imag
oes, among other thirgi>, that he is a detective offi
cer, and hU tticuda w UU b.n left here for awhile."
Despite the protestations of the officer, bo waa locked
up os insane for several hoars. Duncan his since
been captured and lodged in the hospital.
—The Rev. Dr. J. P. Thompson, pastor of the
Brood way Tabernacle Church. Now York, on Sunday
last publicly tendcrul bU resignation, in consequence
of physical infirmities, the result of bis exertions and
the exposures to which bo subjected himself during
the war by his visits to the army. His pastor*! bid
extended overa period uf twenty-seven years. Ata
large meeting ol his aggregation, held on Mondry,
a motion won unanimously carried that it be recom
mended to the Broadway Tabernacle Society, in its
corporate capacity, to pay to Dr. Thompson the sum
of thirty thousand dollars. In recognition of bis ser
vices, and as a provision for bis future comfort. A
voluntary Buutcnpsion wa* »l#o opened,' as a tosll*
i menial, and the sum of twecty-lwo thousand cotmra
at once contributed, making the amount received at
I the meeting fifty two thousand dollars, and exceed
ing any oath provision hitherto made in this country
fora retiring minister.
RAILROADS.
The Davenport St. Paul Railroad was completed
as Isras Oxford Mills, 47 miles north of Davenport,
on Sarnrday last. It crosses thoWapiio Itlvcratihat
point, on abridge I.CCO ;ect in length.
—The Prescott, River Falls Northern Railroad
Company (Wisconsin) has toon organized and a
resolution was pasted by the Directors to immediately
proceed with the const-action of the road, provided
the different towns along the line voted to take stock.
—The Hudson (Wls.) Slcr states Iho engineers of
the Superior Railroad, and Mr. Allen, who Is to su
perintend all the work on the road, hare arrived
there ei.4 commenced operations. Everything Is
being pressed forward us rapidly as possible toward
the completion of the first 30 miles of the road to
Richmond.
-The Pans (111.) Gazettf says that work will be
commenced on the Assumption Sullivan Narrow-
Gangs Railroad this fall.
—The Springfield Journal oftheSOih nll.a ays: kk We
learn that the President of the Springfield Illinois
Rallwa: Isncgot'atinc with the Vandalla£lllinolsCca*
tnl i'&Uroads for running through trains from Shaw*
metownto Springfield, by th: nee of these roads,
until their road is completed which will be about the
Is tof January. If the •ffort la successful, audit la
leltcvcd it will be. trains will run from Allamont, on
the Vandalia Road, to Vandalia, and thence up the
main branch of tha Chicago Central to Pant, and
thcnco to this city over the Pmsa division of the S.
T. 8. E. Railway. This company li prosecuting vigor
ously the construction of the section of road between
Edgewood and Pass, which will complete Its road
and give it n continuous line from Sbawneelewn
northward through this city to Bsardstawn oa the
Hlinols River. It is alrcady’ln operation .from Edge
wood to a Junction with the Vandalia RoaJ at a sta
tion called Abamont. It is now carrying consider*-
able cotton and tobacco from Sbawcectown north
ward.”
—A narrow -gauge railroad from tide water to Pitts
burgh is said be one of the fall formed projects soon
to be developed practically. Concerning who are
the originators nothing precise can be stated at pres
ent. It may be said, however, that the office la in
Philadelphia.
—The Ann Atbor (Mich.) Argvt states that the con
strnctloiTof the proposed railway between Toledo and
that city is a settled matter, and that active work will
commence at *a early day. Mr. W. H. Fuller, an en
gineer from Chicago, has b.cn engaged to take charge
oftbcwoik.
—n. F. Swcetscr has been placed Gjocral
Mu agcr over the entire line of the Atlantic Great
Western Railway, composed of the several sections
in New Tock, rtuoryrrMti*, uiu uvu rnvni
Gcorgo B. Wrlchl has been chosen Vice President of
the same company.
—The Louisville (Ky.) Commtreial of Oct. 30 says
At a meeting of the stockholders of the Louisville,
Cincinnati St Lexington Railroad, some months ago.
the contracting powers were authorised to sell one
million dollars* worth of s;ock to the Chesapeake
Ohio railroad. Yesterday the bargain wai closed,
and C. P. Huntington andothers, on the part of the
Chesapeake St Ohio Railroad, became possessed of
the controlling power In the Short-line Railroad.
Stock to the amount of one million dollars Is to be
leaned by the Short-line Company, tad purchased by
the Chesapeake A Ohio Railroad at fifty cents on the
dollar, far the purpose of paying the indebtedness of
the company as it (hlls due. The pnrehass of
this stockfgivea the C. St O. Railroad the control of the
Stott lice Railroad. The letting of the contract last
week to build the road from Lexington to Mount
Sterling looks like business, and we may expect to
*ee the entire line In running order by the time
anticipated, by February or March, 1673. With the
Lexington St Big Sandy Railroad completed, the
Chesapeake Obi. Railroad will hare a continuous
lino Rom Richmond, Va., via Covington, Va., to the
mouth of the Big Sandy (its present terminus),
thercerlaMonntSterUng to Louisville, Ky. Asths
block of the Louisville, Cincinnati St Lexington
Railroad. Including the Frankfort line, is owned by
cue company, the additional stock of f1.000.C09 to be
pnrehrsed by the Chesapeake A Ohio Railroad gives'
them control of the Short Ltne from louisville to
Cincinnati, and from Lonisvlile to Frankfort and
Lexington.'*
Wisconsin FollUef
Milwauke. Oct. 31.—General C: C. Washburn,
Republican candidate for Governor, and Hon.
J. R. Doolittle, tbe Democratic candidate, who
have been bolding joint discussions at different
points In tbe Stale, wind up to-night in ibis
city. The canvass lias been a veryactiveone on
both aides. The Democrats, especially, have
pul forth a great effort, and are sanguine of
Doolittle’s election, while tbo Bcpublicansjarc
euxlly sanguine of Washburn.
WASHINGTON.
Tlie Woman Suffrage Question—
Adverse legal Decision.
Detachment of Troops Ordered
to Chicngo.
Prosecutions of 2£ormons to bo
Continued.
Ex-Govfmor Bollock) of Georgia, and
His Financial Irregularities.”
Special Despatch to tho Cbicaf o Trlbono.
Washington, D. C. t Oct. 31. —The chief mat
ter before the Cabinet to-day, waa Ku-Klux
matters as reported by Attorney General Aker
man. Farther prosecution of the Mormon
trials was agreed upon, but no more troops will
be sent to Utah, unless actual trouble makes it
necessary.
The forthcoming decision of the Supreme
Court of the District on a teat woman suffrage
cose, submitted to it some time since, will be
advene to the candidates for the privileges of
the elective franchise, so far as this Dis
trict is concerned. This decision will
recognize the fact that women are
entitled to vote under the Fourteenth Amend
ment, and that it bat needs Congressional legis
lation to point out how this privilege can be
made available in order to bare it secured to
American W9men| bqtthftt 99 faf M thi? dU*
lT»ct is concerned, the organic law especially
provides that suffrage shall bo limited to male
citizens. The decision will not be made public
at present, but tho above points have been
agreed upon by the Judges of this court fifl6{
several consultations.
Private advices received here to-day are to the
effect that Governor Bullock's resignation of
the Governorship of Georgia Is regarded
a sharp trick to avoid peading im
peachment, and also criminal pro
secutions, which the Attorney General of the
State was about to institute. It is stated here,
however, that warrants will shortly be issued
for Bullock's arrest, and that he will be taken
back to Georgia for trial on numerous charges
growing out of his transactions while occupyiug
the gubernatorial chair. It is believed, accord
ing to present advices, that Bullock has realized
nearly a million of dollars through his
operations in Georgia bonds and manipulations
of State railroad funds. Bullock led this city
for New York on Monday, and it is suspected
that he is making arrangements tb leave the
country. He visited this city to confer with
Secretary Delzno and Senator Cameron la re
gard to their lease of the State Railroad.
United States District Attorney Champ, of
East Tennessee, arrived too late to prevent his
removal. It appears that tho President sus
pended biro some days since, upon representa
tions of the Republican Congressmen from Ten
nessee. It now appears that the chief
woikcr against him was R. R. Butler,
who has been pursuing him for the
part he took a year ago in collecting evidence in
Butler's pension frauds. District Attorney
Fisher, who prosecuted Butler here, now says
that he only escaped conviction., by the perjury
of witnesses and forged papers used as evidence.
In connection with the Stokes irregularity, it
has been found that N. 11. Miller, Assistant
Prosecuting Attorney of the Washington City
Government, kindly consented, at the urgent
request of his friend Stokes, to attach bis no
tarial seal to those papers, which tho Depart
ment of Justice now charges aro “fraudulent
throughout.''
[To the Associated Trees.]
Washington. Oct. 41. —The Consul General o;
Switzerland, Hi Its, bos received a letter from
the President of that republic, staling that th<*
people express the warmest sympathy for the
sufferers by the Chicago fire, and’ that liberal
subscriptions are being made for their relief,
under an organized arrangement.
The Swiss inhabitants of this district will, on
the 17th of March, celebrate the five hundred
and fifty-sixth anniversary oi the independence
of Switzerland. The United States Govern
ment is now paying a pension to the widow of
William Tell, a lineal descendant of the Swiss
hero. The husband of tbo pensioner served in
the late war.
Hanford L. Golden has been appointed Regis
ter of the Land Office at St. Cloud, Minn.; Geo.
Andrews, United States Attorney for the East
vrn District of Tennessee; George C. Batts,
United Slates Attorney for Utah Territory;
lit ran Rhoe. Poslmastef at Norwalk. O.; C. 11.
Newell. Postmaster aiurecnwoou, town.
The President, Secretary of War, and General
Sbeimnn are engaged in rearranging the mili
tary departments of the country.
All the members of tho Cabinet were at the
session 10-dwy.
Assessor Slmttuck. of Mississippi, reports that
on the night of the 23d inst., an attempt was
make to bum the Assessor’s office atOkolona,
but the fire was extinguished before material
damage was done. The Assessor thinks there
is no doubt the fire was set by friends of the
party of Ku-K’i:r, fire o! whom had been ar
rested that evening and confined in bis home.
Threats were freely made against the life of Mr.
Hall, the Assessors clerk, for the part he took
in the affair. Assessor Shaltuck suggests that
troops be stationed there to protect the govern
ment properly. The excitement runs high.
The United States steamer Wabash, flagship
of the European squadron, will sail from Boston
about the hitter part of next week for Kuropa,
General Sherman and Colonel AudenreM, of
bis staff, will take passage on tho Wabash,
They will be absent about six months.
The Secretary of the Interior baa set aside
the bids for the Kaw lands ns too low.
Awards of mail contracts in tho Southern
States were made lo day.
At the Cabinet meeting 10-day a petition from
Chicago was read, signed by representative* of
both political parties, asking that troops be sta
tioned in that city, fur tli« protection of the
property, those which were there© immediately
after the fire having been withdrawn, In«c
cordancc with the petition orders have boon is
sued by which a portion of the Eighth Infantry,
now at 'Willett’s Point, will be despatched to
Chicago. The subject of the Ku-Klux arrests
in South Carolina was considered. Attorney
General Akerman stating the re
sult of his visit. The prisoners
having asked to be released on bail, it was
thought best to leave tho matter at the discre
tion of Akerman. The government will con
tinue the prosecution in Utah, and if necessary
more troops will be sent to that territory. It is
known that some Federal officers have asked
for troops to aid in making arrests, but this is
considered to be inexpedient unless resistance
renders an additional force necessary. With
the exception of the above no business of Impor
tance was transacted, though the meeting lusted
three hours.
The Chief of the Bureau of Statistics reports
that the number of vessels tonnaged in the
United States J nnCj isTl, fil compared with the
corresponding date in 1670, shows a gala of over
seventy-six. sailing vessels, with a tonnage of
3,212.967; one hundred and fifty-eight steam
vessels, 3,410,651 tons, and nine hundred and
fifty-five unrigged vessels, 9,902,620 tons.
Tho President to-day suspended W. F.
Forbes, invalid Pension Agent'at Philadelphia,
nttbe request of the Commissioner of Pensions.
He is charged with being a defaulter to the
amount of $251,000, which, it is said, ho hasex
pressed bis willingness to restore.
XIOAAOIS,
The Welcome Bain—Railroad Items,
special IJ«patch to The Chicago Triounc.
Springfield, UcL 31.—The first rain storm
during the space of four months commenced
here last night, and has continued all day.
The survey for the line of the Peoria k
Springfield Railroad will be commenced to
morrow. The officers of the road say it will be
built wilhin three years. A large amount of
railroad iron is at Pekin, and the laying of the
rails on the Chicago, Plainfield k Southwestern
Railroad will commence at that point to
morrow.
War Department TV calker Report.
..Washington, Oct. 31.—The barometer will
probably continne to fall on the Atlantic Coast,
with southeasterly winds and cloudy weather
Md rain, on Wednesday, from New England to
North Carolina. Rising barometer with
westerly winds on the Gulf Coast.
The low pressure In Indiana will
probably move northeastward, with west winds,
veering to the south and southwest on Like
Erie, and northwesterly winds backing to the
northwest and west on Lake Michigan. Cloudy
and rainy weather will continue on the lower
lakes, aod clearing weather on Wednesday will
succeed to the nun of to-pight on the upper
lakes. r
Cautioning signals were ordered at Cleveland,
Chicago, Toledo, MUwaukee L Grand Haven, and
Detroit.
Presidential IVomlnatlonc,
CiKcissran, Del. 31.—Th, Dail/ En.ulrer, ot
this city, th, lending ocrm of the Democrat, ot
Ohio, and a recognized representative of the
uncompromising wing of the party, will to
morrow contain an article expressing Its pref
erence for the. Hon. Thomas A;
Scott, ot reonavlvitma, as its can
didate for the Presidency. The article
discusses Mr. Scott's peculiar fitness for the
candidacy at length, the principal points being
as fellows: In erdtr to succeed, the Democracy
must reject a man who can obtain a large vote
outside the party, nnd nt the same lime receive
the cordial support of the Toe
entire Southern and old border slave States cad
bo carried for any fair man, but
the Middle and Western States must be
secured in order to succeed. Colonel Scott
being strong in Pennsylvania nnd New Jersey,
may be said to occupy a position Analogous to
that of James Buchanan in 1556. Pennsyl
vania, bolding the key to the Presidential posi
tion, must therefore be consulted. Colonel
S*c6lt having never been closely iden
tified with politics, would neither
awnken resentment nor arouse
prejudices if placed At the head of the Presi
dential ticket. The Knquircr argues that Colonel
Scott’s particular fitness for the Presidency is
manifested in the wonderful executive ability
which has made the most successful railroad
manager in the country. 'lt assumes that
Edwin M. Stanton waa a good judge of
men, and that his selection of Colonel SmU In
the most difficult and trying part of the war as
bis Assistant Secretary, indicated a high appre
ciation ofhisfine and uneqaaled administrative
talenW It believes that Colonel Scott
thoroughly sympathizes with the movement
to restore the government to its
old Democratic Constitutional basis
and concludes by saying that it has no feeling in
the matter save that of securing a victory for
the friends of constitutional liberty, and unless
Grant can be beaten in 1672 the causa of free
government in the United States may bo con
sidered lost.
FOREIGN.
The Kelly Trial in Dahlia Creating
Mach Excitement.
Arrest or Plotting Internationals
In Spain.
CbßPjjcs Contemplated la the
British .Ministry.
Demoralized Condition of the Working
Classei in Paris.
Great Britain.
London, Oct. 31.—-The Mansion Hondo fund
for Chicago amounted, last evening, to £44,890.
The Prince o! Wales has subscribed £260.
George Odger, the late candidate for Parlia
ment from Lambeth, in the workingmen's in*
terest, has written a letter reviewing the list of
subscriptions, and charging the aristocratic
classes with a want of charity.
Dublin. Oct. 31. —The trial of Kelly creates
great excitement. The police are hissed, and
the prisoner cheered in pissing from prison
to'ibo court room. There have been no dis
turbances of a serious character.
Queenstown, Oct. 31.—The Inman
City of Brussels, from New York October 21, for
Liverpool, called here this morning. Her com
mander reports having encountered a hurricane
yesterday, off the Irish coast, during which her
fourth officer was lost overboard. Several of
the crew were severely Injured.
ijLondoD, Oct, 31. —Five Cabinet councils were
b?.ld during the trist week, the foreign policy of
the government being the mala suoject of dis
cussion.
The reorganization of the army is progressing
actively. Regiments are being brougut up to
the war standard. There is an immense accu
mulation ot war material.
Early changes in the Ministry are contem
plated by the elevation of some of the present
Ministers to the Peerage.
November 1, being the regular settling day
at the B-.ck of England, will be observed as a
closed holiday oa the Stock Exchange. It is
•thought that the Hoard of Governors of the
bank will reduce the rale of interest at its meet
ing on Thursday.
The Gazette this evening published the new
regulajion bill for the abolition of the purchase
system in the army. The main feature of the
regulations is the rigid examination subjected.
A meeting of holders of Spanish bonds was
held to-day. and a committee appointed to vig
orously oppose the threatened tax of 18 per cent
on Spanish coupons.
Au address to Napoleon is circulating for sig
natures among the officers and soldiers who
served under the empire. When a sufficient
number of signatures are obtained it will be for
warded to Ghiselburst. Us contents are not
public.
English papers lately received discuss the
new social movement in that country, growing
out of the alleged oldancc between the working
men, certain ot the Peers, and mcnihcrsof Parlia
ment. The Times is notdisposed to believe that
Lords Dei by and Disraeli have pledged them
selves to the programme of tbo workingmen as
heretofore indicated. The Daily News looks
upon the movement ns incredible. Sir Stafford
Northcole, one of the alleged
signers to the so-called treaty
between the Peers and workingmen, publishes
a letter denying that any of the gentlemen
whose names have been brought under public
notice ibnvo signed, or in any way intimated
tlu*ir W?» a rncnl ills nnlutUu.. A.U
he thinks was done was an expression of willing
ness of some Peers and members of Parliament
to consider the well-being of the working
clashes. The movement was denounced at :v
mtetieg of London Democrats, on the 15ih of
OctoUr.
Francei
Paris, Oct. 31.—1t is thoucht that none of the
Communist;; remaining in prison will be execu
ted except M. Ftrrc.
Loudon, Oct. 31.—President Thiers refuses to
modiiyhis ultimatum to Knglaud regarding the
commercial treaty.
Paris, Oct. 31.—The disarmament of the
National Guard throughout France is nearly
completed.
The General Connell of Corsica Is engaged in
a hoi discussion over a motion to annul the
election of Corli, formerly Private Secretary of
the ex-Emperor.
A laic Paris letter to the London Times says
the working classes manifest such an indisposi
tion for labor that in many instances trade is
suffering both from want and skilled artisans,
and from the habits of idleness contracted during
the siege. In rebuilding the city workmen will
only consent to restore what some of their own
numbers have contributed to destroy, or by the
jmvment of exorbitant wages, and even then
often leave their work half douc.
Austria.
Vienna, Oct, 31 —The formal acccptancs of
the Eaiperor’s resignation of tho Hohenorth
Ministry was published this morning. The Em
peror thanks the "Ministry for their services, and
praises the devotion and t alrioUsm which char
acterized them.
Huron Holzgcthan has been deputed to form a
Cabinet. Baron Holzgcthan was Minister of
Finance under Count Polockl.
Germany*.
London, Oct 31.—1n Berlin, yesterday, Prince
Gortschakoff had a long private interview with
Emperor William, and another with A 8
Th fUbie thesnint-rai*™
is golknownt
sDt(n,
Madrid, Oct, 31.—Further arrests of conspira
tors hive been made at Barcelona, and addi
tional evidence of their guilt brought to light.
Stores of arms and other warlike implements
were discovered. The International Society is
said to be at the bottom of the plot, and the
men arrested are, for the most part, members of
that organization.
Belgium*
Brussels, Oct. 31.—The King of the Belgians
has made u donation of 2,500!. to (he Chicago
relief fund.
THE SORTHEUX FIRES
Another Call for Aid from th Milwau
kee Ucllcf Committee*
MtLKArnK, Oct. 31.—Tbe Relief Committee
publish the following circular. Please request
vx.Mi.irjr papers in ropy:
HExtQi-Auixßs, Milwackis Rkusf Commit-)
TZS, MILWAI’SSX, NoV, I. J
To c Btnndtnt Public:
Through the spontaneous liberality of a sym
pathizing people, especially of our women, from
Maine to San Francisco, we hare now on hand
and in transit an ample supply of clothing of
every description lor men. women,
and children, to meet the wants
of the sufferers by fire in Northern
Wisconsin and the Peninsula of Michigan.
Money is still greatly needed for purchasing
provisions, building material and tools, and
farming implements, horses, oxen, cows, hay,
feed,etc. Money maybe sent to Alexander
Mitchell, Treasurer.
(Signed) H. Ltmraoto*, Mayor.
If. P. Jcwarr, Chairman.
J. R. Dctcheb,
C. J. Kershaw,
Executive Com.
Telegraphic Brerlliea*
The crew of the steamer Mary Boyd mutinied
'at Memphis, yesterday morning, and attacked
the mate, who shot one man named John KU
lon, a negro, twice, wounding him
severely. But for the arrival of
the police, the mate would have been
murdered. Several of the rioters were arrested
but the ringleaders escaped.
—Mrs. James Sullivan, of Bay Point, Contra
Costa County, CaL, quarrelled with her brother
in-law, Patrick Sullivan, and seized a shot-gun
and blowed the whole top of his head off i
—On Sunday, the 22d Inst. James Trotter
was murdered near Indian Ford, Butler County.
"Mo, by a man named Dyer, who approached
bis victim from behind, ana with
a cleaver nearly cat off his head at a blow.
Trotter's alleged offence was cohabiting with a
crazy woman.' Dyer fled, and has not been
caught.
—Eighteen hundred sheep and six hones,
brought through from Canada by Rngr k Mc-
Farland. were seized on Monday,- while at
River Junction, N. fL, by the customs officer,
for under valuation.
NEW YDRK.
-The Whereabouts of Ingeraoll and
Woodward Still Unknown.
The Political Huddle Becjmiin;
Worse and Worse.
Daily Review of tho Load’n;
Markets.
facial Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
>Tew York, Oct. 31. —The money market was
very easy this morning at C to 7 per cent on
call, and later in the day the rates fell to 5, and
even 4 per cent. Suddenly, bowercr, the de
mand for money increased, and call loans ad
vanced to 7 per cent before the close of banking
hours. Various reasons were given for this
change in the financial situation. It is generally
believed that it bad some intimate relation with
operations in stocks, though one report attribr
nted it to the fact that the Broadway Bank had
called in $2,000,000 in order to meet the ma
tured interest obligations of the city bonds
which will fell due to-morrow.
The stock market was influenced by the course
of money. It was strong in the morning, and
leading shores advanced \i to per cent, the
greatest improvement being in Pittsburgh,
which advanced from 122 to 123K, and in Lake
Shore from 99 5-8 In 100 X. *When tbejdemand
(ormorey became active Lake Shore, suddenly
dropped to 96X, carrying down the whole list
with it to the extent of H to I ’per cent.
There was a alight rally later in the day
ffom the extreme depression of the
afternoon. Several reasons were assigned
for the Lake Shore movement ;£on£ them
a report that llie receipts and scrip for the
new stock were not ready, which might neces
sitate- (he accumulation of certificates in the
transfer agency; another to the effect that an
injunction bad been laid' on the dividend in
Ohio, and still another that a party recently
selling puts bad supplied the market freely with
stock.
Government bonds were doll, but Tfry firm.
There were few bonds offering. The? closing
quotations for Pacific Railroad securities
were as folbwsr Central Pacific, 2011-4
to 101 3*B; Union Pacific gold bonds,
66 1-2 to 86 3-4: stock 23 5 8 to 23 3-4; Incomes
76 to J6 1-2. The rates for exchange were 103 7-8
for prime bankers’ 60 day sterling, bat busi
ness was actually done at the close on the basis
of 108 1-2 to 108 5-8.
The advance in golij {9-day wa? due to the
shipment of gold to Canada, fhe opening
price was 1115-8, and the market closed at
112 1-8. The rates paid for borrowing were
1-64, 1-32, 3-64, 1-16, 3-32, and 1-8 per cent to
flat. The short interest in the market is very
large. The Treasury to-day paid out $570,000
on account of the November interest. Flour
was In moderate demand to-day, and the mar
ket for most grades was lower, though there
was little pressure to sell. No. 2 and superfine
were in fair request at about previous prices.
Choice family extras were very dull. In wheat
there was considerable depression at tbo open
ing under the less favorable news from Europe,
and the fiimncss in freights. The offerings were
liberal at the close. The market was easier and
fairl> active. The demand was mainly for ex
port, and confined to spring. There was some
sj»eculntivc inquiry for choice amber aad white
wheat.
Corn was toss active and lower, the demand
beiug chkfly tor the domestic trade.
•[To the A«*oclat«4 I’roii.l
Now York, Oct. 31.—The six-horse team of
Howe’s circus capsized near Hudson yesterday,
killing two musicians, and family injuring
another.
Comptroller Green has deposited $270,000 in
hank for the pay of the police for October, and
$27,000 for the firemen,
Ex-Governor Seymour, at Utica, made a
ppei-ch, saying he was rejoiced that the exposure
and punishment of corruption bad begun. Ho
predicted that it would not end till it bal
reuchid the crimes oi both parties in the State
and nation.
Comptroller Green lias dismissed seventy-two
sinecure officeholders since he a;<u:ncd the
ComplruUurship, saving $82,000 of annual ex
pense.
Counsel for Haggerty and B.mlch. the alleged
voucher thieves, asked fur an adj mrnment of
the case till .Monday, to give time tor reading
voluminous papers and decide what plea they
would make. The Recorder granted the appli
cation.
It was rumored this morning that the Gen
eral Sessions’ grand jury have considered the
bill of Indictment against members of the ring.
Several indictments were banded the Recorder
there cases sent* to the Court of Oyer nnuVw
miner for (rial, according to the statutes. Tito
Recorder said he would consider the application,
but the character of the indictments remains a
mystery, nil efforts to obtain information con
cerning it fulling.
The rumors circulated by the evening papers,
yesterday, to the effect that Tweed bad resigned
his place’ in the Department of Public Works,
and withdrawn as a candidate for Senator, are
incorrect, lie has not withdrawn from either
position, and doss nut intend to do so at present,
if nl all.
There is nothing new to be said of Ingersoll.
lie has not yet returned, but his father and
Tweed declare that be will certainly come back.
Deputy Sheriff Jarvis assigned four officers,
yesterday, to search ter Ingersoll oa trains ar
riving from the East, but they were not sue*
cesstul in finding him. As soon as ho arrives
be is to be arrested, and cone of the considera
tion which w*ns shown Tweed is to bo used
toward his co-defendant. Mr. Jarvis said Sat
urday that Ingersoll would be treated like an
ordinary prisoner. Although bis' associates
professed the most unbounded faith in Ingcr
soli's intention to return to tho city, there are
not wanting those who assume that he has fled
and intends to remain away.
The Tribune says; “Woodward is still absent
from Norwalk, A week ago last Saturdry ho
informed one or two business associates that he
was going to Chicago, in his capacity of Presi
dent oi the Fairfield County Insurance Com
panr, to adjust some losses incurred by the Arts
On the following Monday he took an eastward
bound train, and next day his wife left Norfolk,
as she stated, to join him la New
York. He bad, at this lime, however, ceased to
be President of the insurance company, having
transferred his stock, amounting to about $lO,-
000, as the books of the corporation show, and
although his resignation was not received by
the Secretary, his position is of course vacant,
A. very genenu op prevails that he has
cone totttMda, and tbo tMI ?1 uii taking aa
eastward train is strong corroborative proot.
Members of the Board ot Indian
sioners, who have recently returned from the
Indian country, have a private meeting to-night
at the Filth Avenue Hotel, to perfect their re
ports for publication. Felix R. Brunot, of Pitts-.
L Chairman, reports of the tribes la Oro-
Washington Tcmiorj, Far
well, of Chicago, on the tribes la California ana
Nevada; Vincent Colyer on the Apaches of Ari
zona; John D. Lang on the Chtrokecs of North
Carolina; George H. Stuart, of Philadelphia, on
the purchase of Indian goods.
James Lyon was killed lost evening by jvmp
ioglrom the front platform of a horse-car oa
the Tenth street line. The driver was arrejuaL
Dennis Sullivan, A boy, was instantly killed,
and a man named James Donahue was family
wounded, by the careless firing of a political
target company from the Eighteenth Ward, at
SchwaltnburgPark, yesterday.
Rumors were afloat this evening which, how
ever. proved incorrect, that plasterer Garvey
had returned. Uu friends say ho will soon
ccmc back.
The Street Paving Inspectors gathered in a
large body at the Comptroller's office this even*
ing, demanding their back pay. They were
e added on being assured that they would soon
e paid. No money has been given this class
since July. There is now duo them about
$12,000.
The Tammany Republicans, as the Times
calls the Greelyites, nave nominated Christo
pher Pullman for Senator for the Saronth Dis
trict. The Times says this movement is made to
defeat the reform candidate, and secure the elec
tion of Bradley, the nominee of Tammany Hall.
A gang of Tammany ruffians last night broke
up the reform Democratic Senatorial Convention
In the Fourth District. They rushed into the
room cheering for Tweed, and turned off the
gas. Subsequently the convention reassembled
and substituted the name of O'Donoran Rosso,
the Fenian exile, for Senator, in place of Miller,
previously nominated. The contest between
Rossa and Tweed will be interesting.
Isaac Lazerns was indicted, to-day, for false
ly registering.
The Coroner’s Jury in the case of Patrick
Sherry, brakesman on the Harris A Essex
RaHroad, who was knocked from the top of a
freight car by a bridge, on Friday, and was
killed, bare censured the Railroad for not vais
iog the bridge, and have recommended the
Grand Jury to take action' in the matter.
Sherry’s case is the third of that kind.
In the United States Courts.tbere hare been
no trials, thus far, on account of the dtlatorinere
of the District Attorney’s office. The jury is get
ting impatient, they having already watted two
weeksw
Commodore Ashbury goes to England by the
steamer to-morrow. The Livonia is being
fitted for her voyage, and will probably sail in a
few days.
Fisk, Jr.; to-day was served with the order
ft* bis arrest, at the suit of Miss Mansfield. The
object of the order was to require Fisk to give
bail, which he has done.*
Isgersoll is expected back to-morrow by. the
Tweed party.
There is great activity among poUl:cl ms to
nipjtit concerning tlio roglMry r/ rotor*. To
morrow i» the ci>oi:l::g day lur requiring
through the city.
General S. F. Carr, of Ohio, addresit-d the
Tammany gathering*hist night.
At the hearing of the caw of Jnihua 1).
Miner, charged with counterfeiting, to-day, the
prisoner was held to bail in $75,000.
Mayor Hall offers SIOO reward, for the nii
corcry of false registration or-falsejcoling.
The Washington markntmen reported’ to*day
that $4,100 had been collectedfor the relief of the
sufferers, the .Chicago and notUavcsura
fires. i
3ICCXESOTA.
Preliminary Proceedings its fha Austin
Libel Salt-
Minneapolis, Ohio, Oct. 31.—‘The prjsectllaps
in tbe'Hhcl of Gour Austin against J.
Greene, editor of the St. Anthony Damccml."
was concluded to-day. The hitter was held to
bail to npnear before the grand jury at its
next session. Not a solitary word of evidence
was adduced in justification of the charge of
bribery against 'Governor Austin, Ho was
completely and triumphantly vindicated- The
charge was a gross and malicious. libel. It is
denounced by Democrats os well as Republicans
ns unfounded and wicked. No attempt was
made to introduce a word in justification ot the
libelous charge.
LAW INSTITUTE.
Tberegularahnual-meetlngof the Chlcaio Law In
etilnte, for the election ©(officers, and the transaction
of inch other business as may come before It, will bs
held, by order of the Executive Committee, at the
Sheriffs Office, in the Court Bon»e at Chicago, on
Monday, Bor. 6,1871, at 2 o'clock p. m.
OHAni.ES M. STDROES, ihcratarr.
masonic,
ThMn<rat.r.orm.n,T Jo. !Jl, A. r. and A.
are herel, to mfet thla WadD—doj OTeulnj,
at Maaoulc I**,,). (w Bandolph-.1.).
GEUEGt B. CABFEHTKR. W. M
i. o. o. P.
Union Lodes So. a meets this i Wednesday) ovenlnx at
Barmoola Hall, corner Clinton and Kandolpb-ita.. at
usual bonr.
Lathers Attention:
Alt If (hers an requeued to meet at 113 Milwaukee av,
onTbnndar, Mlmt. at a o’clock. 1 By order,
COMMITTEE.
INSURANCE.
~NCTICS-
At a meeting of the Directors of tho Mutual
Security Insurance Company, held at No.
554 "Wabash-av, in the city of Chicago, on
Tuesday tho 31st day of October, 1871, at 10
o’clock o. m., present, Hon. ross, Pres.
Messrs. J. Young Scammon, Alex. Officer, E.
W. Russell, Geo. M. Bogue, John Forsythe.
Mark Kimball, B. Vf. Raymond, Amos T.
Hall, Jos. E. Moss, M. D. Ogden, Enos Ayres
and Dan M. Bowmar, the following resold,
tions were separately moved, seconded, and
unanimously adopted:
fesolvid. That a call bemad* lor lb* ofcipi
tal Sli fk abaci {feed, nmtiuinr nop ml, pavati'e >n (be
lOtbduy o( January. leTS; «ud that any aiockb< IJ.T who
mi) d- eif oto anticipate •aid call be ailowtd, at tin* tints
drayment, a ducuuut at the ratn uf la par«eat par au
bnm.
Htaolred, That a cnmmitlee of three ba app-iint-d lo
adjust nil the l« mm nf thii Company, and mxVi up a
■int-meiit of ibesom**; nod that sti<i coaiiiittt-o bo :.i
--itrnclert to adjust uti lo«*es fiiriy, without tluui-of
tect.iialilira ur nm.e<e>s»ry «xpen-o to ilia c her-li 'M
e rnii, when adjusted, to iuiidoti each p-I.c>.o<>l t-r
with a Certtflceloof the amount duo h:m; Ma.irs. Mark'
Ktmbnll. Jn~«(h K Mme. and Dan 11. Duiaur aeio.iy
points as tbat n mnntiee.
ireeolved, that a coumiitt- I*. consisting of E. W. Rn«.
•ell, NoimaD W a nil John Forsythe, la» aproint*
ed to inveailSAiu and ten-ft upm the *lnt» and on.ili.
tlon of the nui-ti oi the Comiiany. and tin re*p*.'tivo
rights and liarsiities oi all p-mU-. connected therewith.
Jt. ialTtd, that the call tin* «ta> ni vie ha t.«e J f.r
►Ltty days, ami that th- tj.-rrrtary l*» instruct* 1 to fur*
null copies o( Him- proceeding* M the daily pr*>*.
On motion the meeting adjourned.
I> IX M. BOn'dUß.
Connecticut Mutual Life.
Member* of the C impany who have hut their Policies'
m a those who-o pn iniums uru uowdue, or about uuo,
will please call at nnr i-mce.
STEARNS. DICKIN.*«OS CO..
Uriicml Aacuti, ;t7O Wabadi nr,
_ BUSINESS GARBS.
Wji 1). IloGtai, Joicrn Meoitr, Ja.
W3H. D. ROGERS CO.,
ESTABLISH hl> ISIO.
ORIGINAL AND ONLY MANUFACTURERS OF TIIB
CELEBIt.VTEI>
Rogers Fine Pleasure Carriages.
Klrcant Cnrrinvre cf evemi-kci ip*h>n. in stock and
I'niit to order, including PULKEV3, SKELETON end
LIGHT TItOTTINU WAGON?.
lINEST FINISH. NK\VE>T STTI.E«, and CNK.
QUALLEU DUICABILIiY.
fcut-st; manufactory, Tnirteeotb
and Parriah-sta.
BUCCEEDIKG
GEO. W. WATSON CO.,
(UKTIUKD).
PHILADELPHIA.
LIPMAN’S LOAN OFFICE,
Formerly career Clark and Madison sts, Now ready to
deliver
Watches and Jewelry
Saved from fire.
A. I.IPMAN,fiII MVhimar,
SEEBERGER A BREAKEY;
10 and 13 West Randolph-si.,
An now in reasipt of
500 Bundles Iloa, 2i, 25 and 26 Common
SHEET IRON,
Which Uoflered at lowest market rain. Also, rcceiv
leg lam shipments of
SHELF HAEDWAEE, TOOLS &0.
Attorneys lor Claims,
JOSEPH C. 0. KENNEDY 1 SON,
Attorneys for Claims, Washington, D. C.
Dr. Henry Olin.
OCULIST AND ACBLsT,
Hu again opened bis office at 210 West lladhon at,where
he ti**p*twl with all mndrrn appliances forthamisf
Of th« de fard blind. Artificial eyr-lfMrt*d.
CORKS,
Dr. STEPHENS Is note open ai lil VvV«l V7\rTiTQgt-*2*
st., Bto 4. At present will oren at 851 West Lake at., C
to 6 p. in. Saturdays. Ato 8:30.
Brintnall. Terry Belden,
WEST LAKE ST.
Lock*, screws, butts. hln«s. carpeatera*
Inttpewe.— etr Qooda arririuc dslly.
The trade are tnsUfd tfl c... <>a ua.
GENERAL NOTICES.
Notice to British blaimants.
Wlifi reference to tar notice dated July li, 1371, re*
qnestlrp sotjrcts of Her Britannic Majesty to tend to
me particular* of claim* which they may here upon the
United State* Gorctnmeiit. nrislne oat of acta com*
mined against tbeir persona or property during th»
period between IOC tPiU of Apiil, iui, *»J the 0;h ol
April. I£&3.incta«lre. and which remain yot nnsottlid.
1 hereby sire notice that the C< mulsdon appointed an*
der the I2lh Article of the Treaty of Washington of May
1671. for the settlement ofaucti claim 4, held their first
meeting on th« :«lh ultimo, and that, in accordance
with Attlcle XIV of the atormld Treaty, crerr claim
mast he preceded to the Commission*™ within els
months from that date.
Claimants are acoordiacly requested to flle (heir mem*
orislsat my elßee, 703 Fifteenth street, with M little
delay aepoealble.
By order of the Commleeienert. (tp raid memorials
moit be in print, and twsaty copies thereof tarnished
fhr the ese of the Commission.
foeh daimaou aa may desire copies of the rnleeas
laid down by the Comitrsalonsrs, for the Guidance of
claimants In the pieesatalloa of thtir claims, caaob*
tain thus by application to me.
OENBT riOW.VBD.
B. B. It’s Agent for British Claims.
Tt3 rilU«Bih*»t., Washington. B. 0.
Oct.S.ISTt.
FOR MALE.
A well-eeleeted hardware stock, confining
•f shelf goods, stores sad Iron; Inroicet abont
oorteea thousand dollars, all fresh ami food; will be
f«ld at a discount to close holiness, for cash, or one
thtrd cash, and balance !o approred security. with la*
(•rest at serea per cent. For particulars, address, for
a weak, HARDWARE, Trftrene office.
NOTICE.
The Adjusting Office of the AlhaannUTlre Insurance
Comeanr of Cleveland. Ohio, has heao. moored to'
Ro. fit West Waihingtoo-et, Parties haring cUlia for
loss la said company, are requested to call Immediately.
Knowles, Bardsal Sc Bacon.
All part’** baring, claim* against as will please send
bills or statements of sama to oar office, So. 18 Sldridge
coart.
L. P. Sladdon Co.,
LafaofM Sooth Water st., would request aUpartlea
haring claims against them, to present than at once,
and at saina tltna earnestly request all parties owing to
settle asaoou,as poesltle. L. P. SL\DDM kCO.,-
10 death, Clinton st.
Notice.
Partlt&irJifciß* to contrail for clmmlqk
•ad ltrta*th» ft«o4»lloo for rsbnHdla*. ,2®®*
Ub fill and winter. will C*U or wWm« B. »PKM3J».
i( im .Weit' B*n4clph«l.* tor two J»f*.
fefii! 2, U7X*
MISCEtLAKEOUS
Blaaik Books.
\VehaT-»l»rc<*it<-clfo? tiret-claM tlnnk book*, oar
hlndcry i* in Inti r.jwroUMt, and mr* prepared to fill
nil nr«l*ri initially. IKuts ioj’i'-d ihw «lre cafe*ally
Miuitd.
W«- have nln»«t vr l»UDg presses nwhlop,oaxarc iotas
ncrUst to cn*e demand.*.
OurlcpaTMetAf *re> ferineri;Ulr reprfpt-J.llHM*,
tQf-rtocfr, proqfs pf lose, 'eto,', new in stock. Sifptnont#
oflrttcr pre»s.*9eod gencr*! •tntioiiory received <t*tly.
Atreeheuptdy of drey book»_eip*«ed ta-d«y,
TO ARCHITECTS.
W®t*Si.* ju»t received a largo i?*cl of Manilla tlraflltur
paper.
Culver, Page, Hoyae Ca.--
STATIONERS,
11, 13, 15 Xorth Desplalaes sU
The martyr!* of Neglect.
It Is not toomnch,Co mi that teas cf thousands an
now suffering from, bilionsneis, Indigestion, coastipa*
non, periodical fevers, aeoerel nobility, and nervous af»-
ffciSons, who might bo restored to perfect health withlm
a month or less by the nsoof UoatetterVStomach Bit
ters. Thsmultitndeewho have been cared of these and
ether ailments by the sn of this well known spocilc ara
always reedy to testify to its virtue as»proroatlr*
and a remedy. They are spread ever thowholsooan*
try; they are eejoc to praUa and recoemhendit; and
yet, notwithstanding its vast popularity, thsra era
many inteUds, and many who an continually oxposod
|o the epidemical disease*, azatnit which It Is a ssra pro*
(action, who. either through Indifference or incredulity
neclect to seize tbs apportnnlty to care and means at
pretention, which they bar*
t.na. u ot Wo. Till! U 1, 00, of 1»« Momv
lie*
nature which It is impossible to account
tor or explain. It U, however, quite certain that every
day the number of these Martyrecf Xegleet Is diminish*
ing. This is proved by the itetisticsof the saloseftha
treat remedy. Duties tlu present fall the demand for
It hu increased beyond all precedent, and ILeeems as if
In the end the entire community would realize th> im
portant fact that,when ell other medicines prescribed (or
the above complaints fail. It can and doea effect a enre*
As a protection asalnit the diseases moat common at
this Meson, there le nothing comparable with it.
Residence Properly.
The late fire has deaoQttntod to those who did net
know It before that the crowded city, with iU pulls 1*
do place fur locating »ecnro and an lot bum*i.
OAKLAND, UTDE I’AKS, UIVEHSIDE. aad othec
laharbao town*, are best suited for family roeldeaoe*.
Me bare plenty of inside residence property ta offer.
We advise families, however, to come out into the s»-
*0 CAS supply them with pleaseat
DBm X" xi.e.
h ra.iil .nf.., »t Il.d.P.rt, 0!f
cent Internet; small payaaai
99:) i-_
Jo»n.
smpertr.
BOND,
vtbua^
«rrio* lUt *f ♦the*
u«»* _
su.
National Chorus Book.
Just Published.
Contains An* iftwUoo of Orstorii and On-raHa
teUnAe iad aCho!c of Law Qlws.
._ ,t V«>l’"r. in fmvral drsfen t a the well boon
n»oru« Unath. Commended to uiuticsl eejlctlcw. eon*
veutU'tiH and clu Ire, v 9
Price, $1.50.
Sent, postpaid, oa receipt of retail prlca,
OLIVSR DIT3ON A 00., Boifoa,
C. n. PITSON. A CO.. New York.
Richardson’s ITew Method
FOR TUB PIA.VO FORTE.
ThU welj.pmr. d Metro I This boon t* year* h*f>re lh«
peUtc. timefnlly proper-.*, and LUhJy reeum Beaded
at the out*-t.|it bna steadily Incm-M m rablto favor
UMitt. Miti.o yvats>inn«. it lalrly reached MmbubeeC
loci.lbit, aua keems likely to retail* It f-r along time*
ANNUAL SALS. £3,000 COPIES,
Commencing to take ln»an*. aow.jwlar, aad pap*
cba»h c a Uich.MsJu '‘are wry apt to bvcontemeor-
events.
I’iic--. &J.7S. Sect, postpaid, for the retail prlea.
OUTER DITsON ro,. B-ntna.
C. U. DIT3i»N A CO.. New York,
IN THE HATTt.lliif the Montana (.oldilinluzCom
pany. Bankrupt. Pnremptury Sal>.
In purtu.itieo ul the r>!or of the IK.trlct Court nr the
tidied Statts for tin Southern District ofNowfotk.
th- aligned oiTVrs lor ull tho property ot (he binlt
tupl close the e*tate. via:
'linrty-cino mining tl.titu* on diff-rent ladot la Clear
reek and Galplit r.uititics. Colorado, embracing ibo
celebrated Kansas. Kent County, Pratt. Vjaa.etc., villa
nhlni ami whim tumie>i also. a parr.-! of Uud m Cen
tral City, ixtetulinc fnm Spring Gulch to the Nevada
Gulch Bead. conululn* upward of 77.0J0 »jasre feet,
with quartz mill therein r-Ostoo tree, two stone* high,
contmith c 2<> sumps. »lmr»e power engine. two 21 feet
two-tlae boiieis, >'iu.burg pant, a-ccfsary pumps,
tanks, etc., all in perfect running cider, e'c., etc.
Offer*and negotiations a* to term* are Invited. If
not told at priTatosasepti.tr to the IStb day of Decern-
Ur, 15TT, Use ntne will to sold on that day, at tl in., t-»
th» bighett Uldd-r, for cash, at public auction. by
Albert 11. Nicolur. atclUaevi. at the Morchsau* Ka
rhnnee Safes Bourns. N-». Ul Broadway. In the city ol
New York, without larth-r notice.
—TUc-Broscriy cost the.haakreot-m»wai.U ~l aiaaam..
alone.
K.*r further psrtlrular*. apply to the anlJoneer, ii
Pito it., N, V., ir pj lv«’«r<T It. t'lihti, A4d;t.re.
SAMUEL B. imtIKXBOTAM.
Ailorney. 7J Pine et., N. T
Daniell’s Chancery Practice
3 vol«. i*». Law sheep.
PLEADING AND PIMCTICE OP THR IKOfX
miRT OF CIUNCKUV. lly K. IS. D.m Ml. Keg.
Fourth Americaia Edition. thoroucMr revised and
corrected, lom-ther with Appendix of Forms of all the
P:i*crcdltis* iq tb* ProK«ciiilou nud P'fcnro of Salts in
Chi-oeere, amt full Collection of Forms of Decree**
collected from tbaUteU and best Kusliith Precedent**
Htnl from the Records uf the American CoarU. Ur Uoa.
J. C. Perkin*.
LANGDKLL SFLFCT CASES ON TUB LAW* OP
roNTUACTS. witu ref. rencoi and cllailoi.s. Ur 0. O,
Lanydell. I \ol. fro., UUI pp., price $7.10-
A full stock of Law Books now on baud and acrfrloc
daily. OrJett l-y mail promptly Cllf d.
K, If. MYERS,
Law Bookseller and Pnblhher. 1«22 Wabuhar.
YVliaC ilorlOM nan nobfrt i'ollyer U.
t think of him with accessing pride and a3cotiaa« M—
[Extract from a private latter.
The demand for 3lr. Ccllycr’a latent book
«XJic Xlmt Now Is,"
I* unabated, and the tenth edition of M S ATUITS AKO
LIFK” ia now iflltoo. Price of each volume, tLSt.
<e'.d by dealer*. and mailed post-paid by
hoiUCE :t. FULLER,
Building Material For Sale.
The stone and brick la tho tains of tbo FIRST UNI*
TSCSALIST CHURCH. corner Wabash a? and Tam
Barra at, will be sold, to be removed Immediately* Fee
foil information, apply to either of the undersigned*
CEORCU: W. GAGE. Ml Michlgaaar,
D. A.KIMBARK,
D. W. UNDERWOOD, 45? Wnbaeh tr.
PROPOSALS.
Lau Snoia A Tcscauawas Vaticr Railway C 0.,1
OmcsH’m Ulcck.
CtcTctixo. Oct. 25. tin. I
RAILROAD LBTTtNO—Sealed proposals will bo re*
evived by the undtreignad cotll tho sixteenth day ot
November, for the grading. bridging. masonry and
track-laying, ofabont fifty uil*ao( tbla toad.ennrßene
tbs at Section Ftnrteen.a few mile* a«utii of the cross*
log of the Atlantic Jt Great Wcetarn Railroad, and ter*
(Bloating at N< w PhlUJclpMu Tbe work will be
sided Into sections of one nii'e each, and tils will be ra*
f«r tbe wboi> or any pore thereof. Proposals will
ctiv«.„ *-«4 fcr one i. umlred and fifty thonsaad
also be recai*. *"*atUa, to bo delivered on Ihsline
(120,000] white oi-k cr<... *»-clficniiom will be reidy
ofn*ad. Plan-, profile*, an.* »«j*th proximo,
for eaumlnatlon at this offlre kM- '-‘-actor.
8. CHAMBERLAIN, Chief C-n.. w
OLD IEON.
cash prica paid for I.COO tons ell cist scrap.
F. E. CULVER,
10 and O West Randolph**!.
DISSOLUTION.
The partnership h«r*tp'ore existing nndet* the fleet
name of Wheeler k Sfcolt is this day dimtred by raa.nsl
consent.
J«mra A. Pcott will wttleall cntftnnrlln* areooßt* af
the late flrta. aoJ cflntiouo Iha llai, and l*ur baa
laeit at So. 234 iladXaoa at.
JEROME WItEELZS.
JAMES A. SCOTT.
Cblearo. Oct. 31, Wl.
DISSOLUTION.
The copartnerthlp heretofore exiatla* tindsr the bum
«od Una of Denton A Sajta la this day dissolved by mn*
tu»lroD«en». Either party will alfo la liqoldalloa at
the cflca of D. H. Daatoa, No. 194 fait Waablastom aU
D. DKSXON.
BOBKBf r. BA.ae.
chins* Hot. I. U7I.
Dissolution of Copartnership.
Tb« copartnership heretofore exletiar under the fln
■use of MU&ISUN XESKINK, Commission Her*
cheats, (hie (ter dissolved br zantsel consent. Slthor
petty Is eutherixcd to settle the accounts or the fine.
ALICX MDRTSOJf.
T. P. BttaKIMX.
Chicago. Hot: l, isn.
CHARRED PIPERS.
i URSTOHSI) AND COPIB9,
By J. M.'HIIUHACO,,
IS West Washington**.
Restoration of Burned, Papon:'
Dl!. ULiANEX
B.odat. charred r.prrf, whether wrUMw ocpt'.ated e.
VothudM. (minraiir haltl.. 3
st M corner of Eighteenth st,
XJJJXVIJKSITY MEDICINES;
3 3.Vx WKSTY' S!I TU B r ti-
DR t. HAtLOCS. Arant.-*
Stock* for Said..
N.KP CV«**io' CUT R*ilw*y lUUanil
.■w»:tti r|r
ft: OBASTttl* UiHUOSD.
*td KoU Ww:
3
Publisher. Doatea.