3
NEW YORK.
Tweed Compromises one of the Suits
Against Him.
O'Conor I>e lines to Ran Tor
the Slate Assembly.
Indictments Found against the Voucher
Thieves,
Koaored Designation of Tweed as a Can*
flume for the State Senate.
N>. To,*, October SO.—llenrj Nolle, while Smli£
from a saloon keeper and a crowd. In Jersey City,
oartyyoeterday morning, was shot by Henry Harnada,
a policeman, who. whilv off duty, had been drinking
with the party. Nolle had been put out of the sa
loon, but returned and threw a rock at the keeper
and fled. He leaves a wife and time children.
Uarneda was arrested.
The Thru* states that Tweed has concluded to pay
1420,000 to Jackson 8. Schulte, as the assignee of
Keyset, for work and material furnished to Tweed's
boueee. Tweed's original defence was that Key tor
screed to do this work la consideration of receiving
aerials contracts. This action of Tweed's will stop
one bull against him.
Charles O'Conor has sent a long letter to the com
mittee. declining his nomination to the Assembly, in
uhich he reviews the repeating system at elections,
as well as the terrorism exercised over poor men at
the polls by political hirelings. He considers that ho
can best serve the public interest in hta present posi
tion. Bis whole time and utmost powers will be
needed In the proceeding* against the robbers, who,
not content with their already realised gains, ara
now thundering at the gates of the Treasury, and are
determined to continue their iniquitous career
through fraudulent canvassing and corrupt legisla
tion. Ilia position, therefore, demands exemption,
even from (ho choice of hla personal Interest, and hla
service will always be at the command of aa honest
Legislature.
Ala morning's Trihunt tty*: “We leam’’ with
profound sotialactlon that Mr. O’GormsnwiU call to
hla aid aoioo of the beet legal talent in the dty. la
the prosecution of bis salts against the municipal rob*
here; *o the public shall bare no reason to donbt his
sincerity. Be has no thought of Interfering in any
way trim the suits brought by Mr- O'Conor In the
name of the Attorney General, hot there U a ques
tion as to the proper authority to bring the suits In
the premises, and be wishes to bo secure against a
possibility of failure, at we understand that the eulta
brought by the Attorney Genera] are for tbs recovery
of money fraudulently taken (him the city, while the
Cor,•oration Counsel sue* those through whose neg
lect or breach of trust Ji was paid; and tbs two
claws may. In some instances, include the identical
persons, but the causes of action are distinct.'’
Subscriptions amounting to over $5,000 were re
ce:rod up to October 28. by the Committee of the
rroabytery of New York for sufferers hr the Western
Urea, il.tM) of which was appropriated to the Michi
gan and Wiseonpiu suffercra.
In the General Session* to-day, the Grand Jury
found Indictment- against Edwlo M. Haggerty and
Charles Banlcb. the alleged Toucher thieves, torlar
ceny and burglary. There are two indictments
agaia«tcsrh of the prisoners—one for grand larceny,
the olher Cnr burglary.
Forty of tbo prisoners confined for debt in the Lad
low Ktreet jail were taken before Judge Barnard, in
the Supreme Court, this morning, to have their cases
examined. Charles Wood, ag<*d 77, and Wm, John-
K»n (colored) were discharged. The remainder of the
prisoners were directed to prepare statements of
iholr cases by Thursday next for submission to the
The injunction granted hr Judge Pratt, of Brook
lyn. in the Flst-Mansfield cans was dissolved to-day*
as to March Walters, who are attorneys for dc*
fondants. This order restrained the n« of letters o'
Flak to Mansfield, which the latter wants to use in
the ca*o commenced against Fisk. The injunction
U still in form as to Mansfield.
An embankment Ml upon three men who wore
constructing a lager beer vault In Brooklyn, this
morning. One man was killed and two others sc
scrsly injured.
A number «f repeater*, the evidence of whose
guilt h<w been taken from the registry lists, are to be
proceeded against by the Committee of Seventy.
In the Supreme Court *hl* morning Judge Ingra
ham granted an order forthcam*»t of Fisk Jr.. at
tbo suit of Helen Josephine Mansfield, who claims
that FWt retains ST>O,OOO of her money which he has
need as her agent in ►peculations.
Three men, whose names an? vet unknown, wore
arrowed to-day on suspicion of having killed John
iUurkc last night.
Formal mandamus order In tbo ca-*es of tho Board
or-Public Park!* and Board of Public Dorks against the
Comptroller was settled to-day in accordance with the
opinions already published.
Tbo National liworanco Convention to-day com
idetcd its discussion «m the report of the Com*
mittue on liUgMatton. It was recommitted with an
amendment propose i and adopted, and will be re
turned for further consideration. A Resolution was
■dopted to limit delegates at future conventions to
State officers only. The Wluding-np Committee
made a roport that the scope of tho subject was 100
wide to be thoroughly covered In the lime
allotted them. The following permanent
officers wore chosen unanimously:
Geo. Miller. Albany. President! Llewellyo
Breese, of Madison, Wls.. Vice President; S. Olcott,
New York, Secretary. The following gentlemen
wore apt ointed as an Mxcentlvc Committee: O.W.
Smith, 8. B. Ilowe.J.L. Clarke. J. Williams. J. V.
HartraoH. The convention then adjourned tint
A policeman to-day bad hla eye put out by a dl*
orderly woman, whom he was taking to the station
house.
-«In the case of Laxaru*, charged with repeating, an
adjournment was bad to-day, and prisoner released
on bail.
In the Supreme Court, to-day. another noil was
commenced against Andrew J. Garvey by IWo citi
zens, Henry B. Venn and Frederick Shaw, the object
being apparently l" secure Garvey's property.
Ala evening it i» rumort-d that Tweed hat resigned
as a candidate for the State Senate; that he has also
resigned his office as Coamissionurof Poblic Works*
Ac nail manufacturer of the Atlantic States held
ail descriptions. This action is a >id to ho in conse
quence ©Mho loss of one hundred thousand kegs by
tW Chicago fire.
The declination of Wm. M. Hearts to ran for the
Aaecmhlv will bo a revere loes to the reform cause.
Acre is'no other person who would bo no likely to
defeat the Tammany candidate in this district.
The final meollug of the Committee of Seventy
wjU be held on Thursday evening, when a report will
be submitted and addretresbe made by distinguished
gentlemen.
At the weekly mooting of the Metbodt-t Episcopal
preachers to-day. which was numerously at
tended, many clergymen from Wisconsin, Michigan,
and Chicago, being present, Kcv. Puller, from East
Saroan, Wh».. was atntoin rd to receive money for the
hufferere by the Michigan fires, an i amborUed to in
form the society of the most responsible parties in
Wisconsin to whom subscriptions could be sent. A
commnrlcation from Chicago stated that they bad re
ceived sl7. too, of which Banlel Drew gave $5,0,10 on
condition that th«r raise (-‘W.POO. J. B. Comoll, $2,500,
and various other partn-f contribute various sums
ranging from (500 upward. Brother North would
withhold the money subscribed until they came to a
eocclubion an to what thev would do. many preachers
thinking the money should be held to erect churches,
and other* were desirous of distributing the money
to worthy parlies without distinction of creed.
Three 'thousand dollars were subscribed by the
Methodist** of Bo«ton yesterday.for t* e benefit at the
Methodist churches of Chicago, and (12.0(H) were col
lected by.l. K. Bayle--i« fur the same purpose in tbo
two church'*- in Buffalo yesterday.
n.in,
rnltiir Sentiment Amona the Mormons—
the Mayor of halt Lake City, Ad.
milted to Hail.
Washington. Oct. 30.—Advlcce received by the
govewimodt from Utah report that the mot locking
I art of the testimony against Dawkins wan not nnb
lulled. It being not only Immodest hut bosllai. The
verdict cams Hue a thunderbolt to the Mormons. It
not believed that other parties can b« saved. The
prcwucc of troopv I® required tocbeck disturbances.
Getters! Sherman bos returned.
Salt Lake, Oct. 30.—The United States District
Court was occupied the whole of thu moraine In ar
gument of the motion to admit Daniel 11. Welle, one
oftfao parties arrested on batordsy upon a charge of
murder, to ball. Upon the conclusion of the council,
Chief Justice McKean said:
Although before this motion was signed I was well
aware (bat both in Groat Britain aid in the United
States a prisoner under indictment for murder Is
rarely, if ever, admitted to bail, atilt I vu
willing to be convinced that It would be right. !n
this cans, to disregard un almost universal rate. In*
deed. I was aoxioas to be convinced that it would be
Tight do so. Nay. more. I have sought to satisfy my*
oelfby arguments in relation to those of the learned
counsel that It woald be right and proper to nay that
thu defendant. Well*, was the Mayor of this city and
the head of the police, and that Camp Douglas,
where prisoners not bailed ore usually kept white
awaiting trial la this court, le some miles distant
from the City Flail and the Mayor's residence, and
it would Ih* therefore practically impossible for tba
defendant white io that camp to attend to any of bU
official duties, nor could he be held responsible for
the quiet sod good order of the city. 1 will adroit
th<> prisoner to hail In the a«m of fifty thousand dol
lars with two sufficient sureties.
War Department Weather Report.
Washington. Oct. 30.—The barometer will probably
fall la New Tork and New EncUnd. with aoath*
westerly wind* on the lower lake*, veering to the
Borthwcel un TneMlay, and the pressure increase with
light northerly winds cm the upper lake*. A
alarm of eome reverlty will iu
lower MlreiMlppl Valley and move northeastward to
the Ohio Valley. Brisk easterly winds, with cloudy
acd threatening weather, will probably preva 1 on the
Nonth Atlantic coast. Cautionary signals are ordered
fcr Detroit, Toledo, and Cleveland.
Railroad Opening
Mexico, Mo., Ocl. 80.—'The Ksdcu cdi'orUU party
which loft St. Loots on SatnnUr night for Chicago,
fur the purpose of viewing ibe ruin?, having acoep M
to Invitation top>nlc!pate la the opening celebration
of the Kansas City branch of the Chicago
Alton ft St. Lout* Railroad, arrived hero to-day la
company with the oScare of the road In a special
train. Thl* toad paaeai through Jacksonville, III.;
Mexico, Louisiana, and Brnnawick, Mo., to Kansas
City. Trains commenced running through to-day
without change of can.
BNlanMloa of Governor BnUMkf »f
Georgia,
Atlanta. Ge.. Dot. 80.—Governor Bullock reaigaod
on the Ski Inst., to take effect Unlay, at 3 o'clock in
the afternoon. Beniamin Conley, President of the
berate, waainetalled aa Governor. Bullock's retir*
nalteu was written before be went to New York.
Ureal excitement prevails/
Tclegrap'kile Brevities*
Nine hundred dollars were collected In the Ovo
tcosrr and Wen Charge Methodist Churches, of Jack*
aonvllle, on Sunday, to bf expended In rebuilding
Ue Clark Street Methodist Church Block, lu this
C The extension of the Jacksonville, Southeastern
ft Northwestern Railway to VUdeu, on the lloa of
the Chicago ft Alum Kallrosd. will bo completed by
theSOihof November, when regular trains will com
mence running through between Jaoksoa and V »r.
Nicholas Pettlnger, proprietor of the Padflc
of Cedar Ka-Ida., commuted, suicide by
■hootblng blase If through the body, jeetorday.
englne-honM and water-hooae
of the Concord Railroad at B&kaett, N- H., waa
burned yerteniay. The losfjs f39.U00; Insured.
—Tbe Peorla democrat of Monday eight nominates
Hon. O. T. Barker for Mayor. There Is mnchteeUns
in regard to the matter, and mAny toreate of boltine.'
The Republican Nominating Convention la to bo bold
on Tbureday evenlnr. _
—lt la reported that lbs recent bank robbery at
Great Barrington. to fISSJJOO.
—Tbe funeral of lion. Thomas Ewing, Sr., occurred
at 11 o'clock. nbatnrday, at Lancaster, Ohlo. Prom*
leant Bentleaen irom all pans of the State wore pres*
rl. .Li there was a very arge attend noe of neigh*
KriS immediate frtends: Arwng the paU-bearora
were Governor nfi.'r-.Hcratorf Sherman and Thur
abduv.B o clock, a ouaia
t. -“P* J, yr*r» b\ K* 3*» WttsTCy
drewSterer, a fanner of wealth, bii miles (rota Del*
phoa,Oblo. The man came, into the hoojc of Mr.
Btcvertnd *»kcd him for some matches. When
Stercr banded them to him the man nan
a retolrcr in hla hand and naked
BteTer If be saw that weapon, fitcrcr knocked It
from hla hand and knocked the man down noon the
floor. Jlr. BtcTer had a small pocket knife which he
naed is stabbing the man sereral times.
The man got vp and staggered to the
door. Mr. Btercr went to one ot hla nolen*
bora for assistance, and upon hi# return the
man was dead. Deceased had upon h'» pcfxm two
levolTere.al* watches, and abont #4O in money. The
Coroner held an Inqaest, and the Jury rata rued a rer
dlet that the decraeed (name unknown) cams to hie
death
eathby the hand ol Andrew Hteterln aelf-defenco.
VHn. E. ArbogMt, cfeamaker.of Jackaonrille,while
oat banting. yesterday afternoon, bad one band
blown off by tbe premature dlhcharge of one barrel
of nil gun, while In tbe act of loading the other' bar*
reb
FOREIGN.
liuiia Accomplishes an Important
Territorial Acquisition.
Bniila,
New York, Oct. SO.—A correspondent of the Lon
don Tima writes from Berlin that during
June and July last the Hessian Government
Invaded and annexed the country of D'Soungarta on
*the northern slope of the TUn chain of mountains,
on the eastern boundaries of the empire. The terri
tory is twice as large as Ireland; 1b rich In mineral
and agricultural resources, and has a population of
about two millions. Hostilities wero began br Rus
sia on account at the refusal of the D’SoungarUna to
surrender a fugitive.
Urrat Britain*
London. Oct. 30.—The Mansion House fund for tbs
relief of the Chicago sufferers amounted, on Satur
day. to JBifI.SOO. The Manchester subscription for tbe
same purpose aggregates £16.500.
The steamships City of Baltimore and Rhein hare
arrived out.
Dublin. Oct.3o.—The trial of Keilvy for the murder
of Head Constable Talbott, commenced to-day. The
prisoner was escorted to the court room by a body of
soldiers,
France.
Part*. Oct.!SO.—lt la tboaghl that the Assembly
will remove Ita sessions from Versatile* to ihie city
during the winter, on account of the cold weather.
It la probable that Seoor Booncamp*|tu! will be ap*
pointed the Italian Minister to France.
Prince Nspob on has arrived at Genoa, whence be
will proceed to Florence.
South America.
sftw York. Oct. 80.—A private letter from Baonoo
Ayres says tbat there to a frightful prevalence In tbat
country of email pox. Daring tbe past summer
50.000 deaths from yellow fever have occurred In
Boenoa Ayrca, aad 30,000 death* In the Province of
Corrientca.
IN A TYFUOOS
A Terrible Tempee* In the Chines* Sees*
A IViftht of Agon*—lTreelc on Bea and
Phore-«A Womtn i Experience.
Hooe Kong !fSept. IS) Correspondence of the Sen
B a Francisco Bulletin.
A night passed alone in a hollow Cyprus tree
wan. in point of horror and anguish, a twin to
the one I bare just gone through alone, fastened j
down in the cabin of a Dutch bark, while the I
typhoon raged in fury and tore down masts, and
ripped off cables, and swamped vessels, and
sucked in men’s lives, and roared with the
united tongues of hell let loose to wreak veu
-1 peooce on poor humanity. I, being only a wo
man, was forgotten, and left to meet my fate
alone whilst men strove and wrestled with the
danger and fought for their lives; whilst they
hoped and feared and contended until the ex
citement of the struggle banished the poignancy
of pain.
For nine hours I sat alone, peering with ach
ing eyeballs into the darkness, watching for the
Kinc of Terrors, whose form I knew well was
enshrouded in its tenebrious (old; listening with
strained ears to catch the first sound of that
voice of dealti which should announce my dia
solution. But there was only the one awesome
boom, drowning all in its hollow depths. The
cries of the sailors, the cracking of the timbers,
the trumpet orders of the Captain,tbo avalancb
of rain, all were cngulphed in tuis demoniacal
roar, as in a dead stillness.
It was unlike any other storm I experi
enced, and worse than one in the Bay of Biscay,
where I spent one fcarlul Christmas day of my
life. Old sailors unaccustomed to typhoon, de
clared they had never heard such a sound. TVc
heard no shreiking of the ship's timbers, no
whistling of the wind through the rigging, no
growled thunder; no flash of lighthing reveal
ing bow fur the disaster had spread. It was a
supernatural sound—as though the mighty
winds had been gathering from the four quar
ters, rushing in a whirlwind round this devoted
spot, and hurling each other in clamorous, fran
tic blast.
I knew that I was still alive, but whether the
only one on board surviving I could not tell; or
whether any of the ships with which the harbor
is studded, bad broken loose, and were drifting
swiftly down to their own and our destruction;
whether our two enormous anchor chains would
hold another second or snap with the frightful
plunges of the little bark, and drive us whirling
on the rocks.
The morning showed what had been the dire
result to many le-s fortunate than we. Vessels
with broken masts and spars were to be seen on
nil sides; same cast ashore bespoke the horrors
of the night; and yet more sadjr was the store
had foundered, their top-gallants alone indicat
ing their whereabouts. Others bad dragged
heir anchors for miles, carrying devastation
wherever they fouled. One of these—a French
ship—ran ashore, when the crew threw out a
rope; and all escaped save the Captain, who re
mained to the last and perished at his post; bis
death cry was smothered in the billowy foam
and wf>s beard by none but bis Maker as he
passed from the light and sound of man.
When the sun shone out for a few moments
J over those green, velvety-looking, rocky is
lands, which surround one of the loveliest bays
in the world, their shores were strewn with
wrecks and human victims. The “sampans”
and smaller craft had sought shelter early in
the day, but many a poor Chinaman lost bis
little all during the severe scourge. Wretched
looking vessels from outside the bay were
towed in during the day, all tattered and torn,
and disabled from the terrible conflict. Time
only can show how many met a more fearful
doom.
For years such a fierce hurricane has not been
known, for, although short, it made up in point
of fury—commencing about 5 o’clock on Satur
day, reaching its climax from 10 to 12, and
subsiding between 3 and I on Sunday morning.
The whole day of Saturday had been stormy
and threatening, and when onr pilot had come
on boaid we could distinguish, amid the cack
ling of Chinese, the word “typhoonl typhoon I*'
which talismanic syllables caused our bark to
“go about” more than twenty times before we
could a:ake the passage into the bay, where we
were able to lake up our berth and prepare for
the worst.
i The P. M. S. S. from San Francisco was then
outside, and it was feared she might not pet in,
owing to the fierce contrary winds blowing
stronger cvcrv moment. She succeeded, though
the Captain and officers had to b« lashed on
deck. An American coolie ship, which had
sailed in company with us several days, not be
ing able to make the port, anchored outside.
She was lowed in the following day'with
cleared decks, having lost everything. Bach
vessel as it came in, dismantled and disabled,
told its own tale of the misery and struggle that
its living freight bad endured,
i The disasters on shore were chiefly confined
to properly. A fine sea wall was carried away,
numerous "buildings blown down; also, the cir
cus, several blocks ol booses, and the telegraph
1 poles. The City Hall nod the clock tower es
caped with the loss of all their glass. The
Great Northern Telegraph Line to Deepwater
Bay is much damaged. One gentleman saved
fourteen lives from a Chinese junk, which ought
to ennoble him for the rest ot his life. 1 am
sorry for bis immortal fame that bis name was
Smith. Huge blocks ot granite, which formed
the Praya wall, were buried by the force of the
elemental warf ten and twenty yards oat of
their position. Trees were twisted from their
roots, shutters and verandahs dashed about like
autumn leaves.
One German bark, hailing from the game port
as ourselves, and whose Captain bad taken, not
bis little daughter, but bis wife, “to bear him
company, bad just arrived from the home in
Bremen. They reached Hong Kong shortly be
fore us, but were unable to keep their anchor
age, and were swept out agaht on to those fierce
rocks which yet arc so gorgeous in their Mos
lem coloring of crimson and green. There the
whooping winds glorying in their savagu power
swept clean her deck of men and masts, and all
things animate and inanimate; the Captain with
his wife “whobore him company” on his late
journey are walking the starless road of death
together into eternity.
A British ship struck and foundered with all
bands save two, a man and a dog; the gallant
beast swam ashore under the man's arm, bearing
him up over the storm-lashed snrf, accomplish
ing one cf the most heroic acts which great ca
tMlrophfS like this so often bring forth. Tet
tfaoee seething waves closed over many a deed
which never will reach the longue of tame, as
well as concealed many an ignoble dastard.
It would be impossible to chronicle within
the limits of this letter the tragedies which befel
or were ascertained. Many vessels sank, of which
their disappearance is the only record, and for
which wivee and mothers will look out to sea
for many a day in vain.
Dsaste to PlnsTlmbsri
From the Green Bay (WU.) Advocate.
Captain W. R. Bourne, who has recently
returned from a visit to thp Wolf River
pineries, tells ns that, in bis opinion, the pine
'damaged by the recent fires on the Wolf River
and its tributaries (the Sbioc, Embarraa, and
Red Rivers) will amount to 50,000,000 feet. If
this nine la all cut the coming winter and got
into the streams, tbe damage to it wilt be about
11.00 per thousand feet; but if not cut the lou
will be almost total, as U would be bored by
worms another season and destroyed for every
purpose hut fencing. There is very Utile pine
injured above Ecahena. Thus the lightest esti
mate of damage to the Wolf River pine is
fSO.OOO.
Tbe pineries along the bay shore hare
suffered to a sUU greater extent, bnt tbe damage
Is easier repaired, provided the lumb<*rmen can
raise the means to put into (be river two or
years* stock of logs, fora touch greater
amount of loos can bo nut into the Menominee,
Oconto, and Peshtigo Rivers, which are not nav
jnnblr, than into the Wolf, where they would
Interfere with navigation. Dae lumbering firm
torn tb* tag esUaxle Ibalr lues «i fS9 ttflk
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE; TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1871.
WASHINGTON.
The Cirll Service Commissioners
Still at Loggerheads..
Supreme Court Decisions—lnternal Ber
enne Appointments.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune,
Washington, D. C., Oct 3d.—Roderick Bailer la try
ing to secure the removal of Called Stale* District
Attorney Camp, of East Tennessee. Camp was a
Union soldier, and ia distasteful to rebels In that sec
lion-
Ex-Represcntatlve AravlHs urging the removal of
Captain Restorer, formerly a Union soldier, and now
Postmaster of Clarksville, Team
A Boston boot and shoe Arm has applied for a pat
ent on two trade-marks.'evldeotly intended as exclu
sive for the Southern market, one being a device con
taining the portrait of General Lee, the other with
the face of Stonewall Jackson. The examiner baa
rejected the application on tha ground that It cannot
be lawful to encourage anything that will promote
sectional strife. The case will be taken np on an ap
peal to the Commissioner.
Governor Bnllock yesterday Informed a prominent
Senator In this dty that he bad resigned the Gover
norship of Georgia, and had placed bU resignation In
the hands of the President of the State Senate. Be
Intimated that be did not line the course which po
litical affairs were taking in Georgia, and said that be
had no doubt but that bis enemies were prepared to
impeach him in caso of bis return.
From the conflicting views of the Civil Service
Commissioners, it la probable there »111 be several re
ports forthcoming, when they conclude their present
labors. The Chairman of the Commission, Cnnis, In
sists upon his proposition that character and capacity
should always govern In the selection
of public officers, and that political
consideration ahaU never be allowed to
weigh against these qualifications. On this Matter
point there is no unanimity, as several Commissioners
axo of opinion that party predilection is an obligation
which will always be paramount, bo far as competi
tive examinations are concerned there is also a want
U,o cuwiuauuus u
of harmony, as some of the Com
mlaricncrs take strong ground against any
system which will ten merely tbe acquirement
of applicants without demonstrating cither character
or capacity. About the only point upon which there
can be said to be any agreement Is that the standard
of employes shouldbc raised, and a better class ufap
pilcam* should be enconrsged whenever possible.
As to tbe mode of securing such result the Commis
sioners arc as widely at variance as ever.
{To tbs Associated Praai.]
Washington. Oct. *o.—ln tbe Supreme Court, lo the
case of the Untied Slates against Childs, for which
the appellees obtained below a lodgment of 9169.111
on account of stoves furnished toe Army of the West,
tho court remanded the case, with directions to the
Court of Claims to enter judgment afiainst tbe Unitrd
le the case of Hoffman tt at against the National
City «nk, of Milwaukee. Judgment was affirmed.
In the case of the Stateof Louisiana ex rtl Harding
•gainst Wickllffe, the decision below was affirmed.
In the Supreme Court, to-day. Attorney General
Akorznan announced the death of Tho*. Swing, and
presented a feeling speech. Resolutions to the
memory of the deceased were passed by members of
the bsr.
Cbaa. E. Harrison has been appointed Assessor of
the Sixth Ohio District, and George E. Scott, Assessor
of tbe Third Arkansas District.
The Credit of Chicago.
Prom tbs Philadelphia Ledger. Money Article,
Independent of the courage and inlerprise al
ready manifested by the inhabitants of tbo
stricken city, and the unequalled outside sym
pathy and more material aid, Chicago bears
such natural relations to tbe rest of tbo coun
try that it must speedily rise. Nature made it
tbe centre of great businca.% and consequently
an important traffic attends it. The coflrt to
the past all tbe time has been to keep tbo
facilities of the city up to the requirements of
tbo trade that steadily all the time pressed
open it. The elements of iucrcsso there never
rest. It is, therefore, absurd to be
despondent or to fear a great
city lost to the counuy. Traffic
there may be checked by diversion
to other centres for a season, ora year or two,
but four or five years will show the burned dis
trict so thoroughly covered by buildings of
greatly increased values, that to a stranger the
the now blackened ruins will lie detected only
by their brighter and more improved appear
ance. This is a feature especially to be consid
ered by those Eastern creditors who bold mort
gages "there. They will probably lose something
by the temporary suspension of interest, but
ultimately, and not very remotely, this properly
held in security will bo greatly increased in
valno. Portland, which waa one-third destroyed
in 1666, waa larger and richer in 1870 than ton
years before. The recovery in Chicago will bo
even more rapid, for the business of the great
West cannot do without a Chicago ns it could
do without a Portland. From tbe national cen
sus taken lost year the population of Chicago
was 299,270. The merchants of the city were
confident that the enumeration was grossly In
accurate. and suggested the publication of a
“census directory for the city." This sugges
tion was carried out, and the population, as
ascertained by this census, was 334,270—m0re
than 35,000 in excess of tbe national enumera
tion. and establishing the claim ot Chicago to
be tbe fourth city on the continent in popula
tion. In 1830 Chicago was 70 souls. Last year
the value of property was $260,000,000;
and lor the current fiscal year the city levied a
tax of fifteen mills on tue dollar, on a taxable
basis of $223,634,600 of real property, and $52,-
342.950 of personal property t—t«a.x
latter was fndfvidual personal property;
$43,647,920; bank personal property, $7,511,600;
vessels, $1,184,430. The value of the receipts
of the principal articles of trade for
the year 1870 is calculated at $399,835,000, which
is aa apparent decrease of about 3 per cent from
the amount of the previous year, but on a gold
basis au increase over that year of about 9 per
cent. There were in the city sixteen National
banks, with a capital of $6,550,000, and nine or
ten private banks, with a capital of $3,000,000.
There were in Chicago, before the fire, seventeen
large groin elevators, having an aggregate
capacity of 11,580,000 bushels, the largest
bolding 1,600,000, and the others 1,250,000 each.
A city of all these vast resources of men and
of business cannot be extinguished, or even de
pressed for more than a very brief period. Even
although all the home capital were annihilated,
and the native enterprise extinguished, Chicago
has got to be, and must be again the grand dis
tributing centre for all the surrounding coun
try, even if ail the capital for its reconstruction
and the re-establishment of its business enter
prise has to be wholly drawn from the outside.
As to the city and county bonds, the same reflec
ions arc applicable. Her city debt on the
Ist of April Inst, including its funded debt
witter bonds, sewerage liabilities, river improve*
ment l>onde, and floating debt, amounted, all
told, to only $14,417,421; and for-all this she
has something to show —something that fire can
not touch. She has raised her territory, coo*
structcd fewer?, built water works, tunnelled
under ber river for streets, turned the current of
her river to promote sanitary interests, and tor
all this expenditure of money she la yet to re
ceive the reward, as the investment is good, and
is doubtless yet to servo as the basis of a wore
complete and enduring Chicago than the one
which has been so nearly destroyed.
Immense Frauds by Government Coltsn
Agents.
Washington Despatch to the Cincinnati Comtaor*
The investigation by the United States Court
of Claims into the various claims against (be
United States for cotton seized by government
officers during the rebellion, brings out some re
markable developments which tend to throw
additional light on the mystery which has sur
rounded the sale of cotton by government agents
shorllv after it was seized from the rebel? du
ring the war. The government realized from
this sale about $30,000,000, but the examination
of the government agents' books, and other evi
dence which has been obtained through
the prosecution of these claims, re
veals the fact that the cotton was worth over
twice that amount. It appears that some of the
agents at New York disposed of the cotton at
29 cents a pound when Us market value at tbc
time of the sale was 75 cents per pound. Some
of the agents appear to have been in collusion
with the purchaser?, and the poorest kinds ot
cotton were shown as samples ot the entire lot
held by the government, the bidders getting it
by this arrangement, at the low figure of 29
cents per pound, and subsequently selling It at
the market price, thereby reaming a handsome
profit. The claimants, however, refuse to base
their claim at a figure less than Us market
value at the time of the sale, and it is feared
that the government will, io refunding the
money for these cotton seizures, .be a considera
ble loser, especially now that the British claim
ants stand a chance before the mixed commis
sion of being allowed some compensation for
these losses.
It is now known at the Treasury that several
of these cotton agents defrauded the govern*
incnt out of large amounts ot money. These
accounts show this, but what steps there will
be taken to recover its just dues, has not been
decided upon.
The Motional Congregational Connell,
Troa the Boston Journal. Oct. 38.
The nextiraportant religions gathering in our
country is the meeting of the Fifth National
Council of Congregational Churches, which
takes place at Ofaerlin, Ohio, ou the 14th of No
vember. It will be composed of about 300 del
egate*, of whom one-third are laymen, among
whom are aaefa men as Senator Patterson, Chief
Justice Chanman, Bon. Alpacas Hardy, Hon.
'Wra. B. Washburn, ex-Governor Buckingham,
and Hon. Charles O. Hammond. The gather
ing is looked forward to with great interest by
Coogregationalista in this part of the country,
who are becoming mbro alive than ever, before.
to the importance of acting more unitedly as a
denomination—not in a spirit of proselyting,
but in imitation of the old Jew*. to r butyd over
against their own bouse.** The Congregatios
alifli" bopeß,and in that hope the members of the
denomination will join, that the council will
prove something more than a and
prayer meeting on a large scale.*’ ‘‘lt will be
delightful,’’ it says. lor Maine and California,
and Maryland and Minnesota to pray and sing
together, hot we look to see plans concerted by
1 their coming in council, which will result
speedily is some tangible benefits to the churches
and the country."
The BepuUleaa Tlcterr an OaUTamla.
Tbe Republican victory pt the judicial election
in Caliiornia, oa Oct. 18, was even more thor
ough and cornpleie than.that in tbe regular State
election in September. Tbe Sacramento Union
U (be tthu iuat. asya;
“AafkruUie ben* cooetad Ik*
indication! are that a light vote comparatively
has been cast, but that the State candidates on
the Republican ticket hate been elected by ma
jorities larger than their brethren received in
the September elrction. In San Francisco the
minorities range from 2,812 to 6,388, Bolander
receiving the latter and Rhodes the former, i
while Niles carries the city over his opponent
by 4,259, The majorities in Alameda County
are about 1,200, Bolander leading the ticket by
a few extra votes. At Vallejo the Republicans
a round thousand majority, and Sacra*
mento shows her .heart in the v causo of good
government by giving another thousand. In
no place is there any material falling o S, and all
the signs are to the effect that the State.bas
gone Republican by from 10,000 to 12 000 major
ity. There was a mighty effort put forth fay
the Democratic prees to continue the reign of
Fitzgerald as Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion another four years, but it has been for
naught, Bolander beating him badly even in
places regarded as doubtful."
XHE POISONING OF BVTH<
Trial of Dr. Medlleott—Comrictlou of
91 order in the First Degree.
From the St. Louis Democrat, Oc t.BB.
The telegraph informs us that the jury in the
case ot Dr. Medlicott, after oat from half
past 9 o'clock on Wednesday mgbt until half
past 8 o’clock Thursday morning, returned a
verdict of guilty of murder in the first degree.
The jury could not consistently have found a
verdict for any leaser degree, under the
circumstances, as the laws of Kansas
makes killing by poison murder. One juror
stated that ho was in favor of murder in the sec
ond degree, but yielded to tbe opnions o! the
other twelve. A motion for a new trial wot
made, and ns it will probably not be granted by
Judge Btusclt, the case will go to the Supreme
Court, A large number of exceptions were
taken to the rulings of tbe Court, during the
progress of the trial, and it is not improbable
that some of these rulings may be de
cided to bafo been erroneous. For
there was one rather curious piece of testimony.
Johnson, the ceU-pytte of Medlicott,
was not allowed to state what
Medlicott said in bis sleep, p but
was permitted to state what be told Medlicott he
bad said in bis sleep. These somnambulic rev
elations bad, doubtless, their full influence upon
the minds of the jurors. There are other points
upon yrhich the counsel for the defence confi
dently expect to obtain from tbe Supreme Court
a reversal of tbo judgment. _
The cose, taken in all its details, is one of tbe
most singular and interesting in the annals o«
criminal jurisprudence. A brief epitome of the
leading tacts connected with it may not be un-
interesting.
Isaac M. Ruth bad married, as his second
wife, tb© divorced wife of Mr. Seymour Voul
laire, of this city, at a time when Voullaire
was supposed to be in a dying condition from a
pistol-ball fired by Ruth. Several months af
terward. Ruth and bis wife removed to Law
rence, Kansas, where Ruth had resided before
tbe war. Ruth obtained a situation as book
keeper in tbe office of the Lawrence “Tribune,"
and waa aquict, industrious man ofbnslness.
About tbe same time a young pbysi-
ciADi named John J. Medlicott, loca*
ted at Lawrence, and commenced the practice
of bis profession. Ho was about thirty years of
age, well-educated, of good address, manners
and appearance. His wife was about twenty
years his senior—a quiet patient, unassuming
woman. He had married her in Maryland,
against the remonstrance of her friends, who be*
ileved her Utile fortune of fire or six thousand
dollars had more to do with MedUcolt's choice
than affection lor the woman. The young phy
fcjrian obtained ajfair practice,and was a.member
of ihe Episcopal church.
Medlicott became the family physician of
Ruth, nod bis account book, produced in court,
showed thnt he made no charge lor his services,
al
...jouph bis visits were as frequent as twice ft
indeed, so frequent were bis visits to
Mrs. Ruth, and so uniformly were tbe doors
locked nnd the curtains drawn, that the neigh
bors gossiped about it, and surmised that there
was a criminal intimacy between the parlies.
In December last Mcdlicolt’s wife died
very suddenly, and it is rtmaika-
We that hi-r symptoms strongly resem
bhd those of Ruth at bis death four
months later. Dark bints were thrown out at
’be time, but little was said, and tbo body was
interred at Lawrence. The cau*e 6f her death
was slated to be apoplexy, but ft physician who
was there at the time declares that no symptoms
of apoplexv were observable. In the memoran
dum book in winch Ruth wrote his last letteris
a penciled note of the death of Mrs. MedltcoU,
from which be wrote her obituary in the news
paper, and it is there staled that she died of ap
oplexy. There can be uo doubt that Medlicol*.
himself furnished the dates and cause of dealt
to Ruth.
Afterthc death offals wife, the Doctor became
still more attentive to bis patient, who, accord*
ing to her own statement, was afflicted with
multitudinous sores in various parts of her
body, and spent a great part of her time in bed.
Yet it appears she frequently alluded dances,
and sometimes rode out witb the Doctor m his
buggy. Notwithstanding the gossip of the
torn, it docs not appear that Rutb w ™lou3
of the attentions of the Doctor to ms wife, but
remained on friendly terms with him up to the
vorv hour of bis death.
On tbo acih of April, in tho afternoon, Mrs.
Ruth went to Leavenworth on a visit. That
night Ruth and Medlicotl played three games of
chess at the bouse of the former, and they ported
between 9 and 10 o’clock. The next morning
Ruth was found dead in his bed, with froth and
blood oozing from his month. Of course the
family physician was the first person sent for,
and bis conduct in the presence of the deed cx
cited remark.
The strongest feature of the whole case is the
letter written by Ruth to his wife, just before he
died, informing her that Mcdlicott had guen
him a quinine powder, half an hour before, and
requesting her, in case of his death, to have his
body examined. In this letter he describes
bis symptoms with some minuteness, and states
that the clock has just struck 11. Tho mem
orandum book waa found lying on his coat,
on the piano, with his vest and pants lying
on it. The questions will at once rise, why did
be not call to bis assistance tho physician who
slept next door, within a few feet of his room?
By doiug so he might have saved his life. He,
however—strange as it may appear—spent the
last moments of consciousness in writing a let
ter, which, on the trial,was the most convincing
evidence that he was murdered.
As soon as tho letter was discovered Mcdlicott
was arrested and lodged in jail. He iramed:-
alclv sent for a lawyer, and the result of the
conference was that the lawyer had Mrs. Ruth
taken to his own house, immediately on her
return from Leavenworth, and before she bad
seen the corpse of her husband. What trans
pired between the lawyer and the lady has not
been revealed, but the prisoner subsequently
stated that the lawyer assured him "there was
no danger.”
In the cell in which Mcdlicott was confined
was n young man named Henry Johnson, alios
Sperry—the same man who was fined in the
United Slates Circuit Court in this city about a
year ago, for defrauding the Revenue Depart
ment. Johnson was imprisoned on a charge of
burglarv and larceny. He became satisfied
of Med'Hcott’s guilt from bearing him talk
in his sleep. The spirits of the dead
haunted him in his dreams. The apparation of
bis wife toxcrcd over him in his midnight
slumbers, and he started up with glaring eye
balls and exclaimed, Oh, God, Sarah, are you
here?*’ The dying agonies of Ruth were re
enacted in his dreamy imagination, and he
would smooth the drapery of bis couch and say,
Be oviet, Ruth Take this, and it will do you
good.
Johnson, who is described as a pr'ofesional
burglar in appearance, conceived the idea of
winning bis own freedom by obtaining satis
factory evidences of tho guilt of bis fellow
prisoner. “He succeeded in gaining Medlicott’s
confidence, and in obtaining from him letters
that are a virtual confession of guilt. One
of these letters was a glowing love-sick
epistle to Hrs. Ruth, written, os slated on the
stand, to change the current of her feelings
against him. To understand this expression, it
is necessary to know that the newspapers bad
published a report that Mrs. Ruth bad vowed
vengeance against the murderer of ber
husband, ana had sworn ber children
over bis coffined corpse to avenge his
death. These fearful threats explain why Medil
cott was so anxious to mollify her—why he
wrote in one of the Intercepted letters that be
could not go io court without knowing what
this woman will swear to.”
The analysis of the contents of the stomach,
made by the chemists, showed that Ruth had
died of morphine poison, and from a subse
quenl examination of another portion
of the body, discovered the pre- j
sence of atropine, as testified by the chemist.
The body of Mrs. Medlicotl was also exhumed,
and it is said that these two poisons were dis
covered. It appears that a mixture of
two poisons will have the effect of preventing
the usual post-mortem appearances produced by
either, although the one is frequently used as
an antidote for the other.
These, and numerous minor facts and circum
stances, were carefully gathered by the prosecut
ing attorney, and on the Inal were presented to
the jury in each a clear and forcible manner
that no doubt remained of the guilt of the ac
cused, and the verdict was "murder in the first
degree.”
The defense attempted to account for the
death of Ruth on three theories—first, that be
died from the effects of quinine, taken in the
worst stage of a congestive chill; secdud. that
he took morphine by mistake for quinine; third,
that he committed suicide, and wrote the dying
letter to save bis life insurance policr. In sup
port of the first theory, they proved by several
respectable physicians that quinine some
time* killed when injudiciously administered.
In support of the second theory, that morphine
was taken by mistake, it was shown that both
quinine end morphine were-in the room ia
boxes resembling each other, and it was easy for
one to be mistaken for the other. The theory
of suicide was sustained by ingenious facts and
arguments.
IMP Bapotted 6am*a hUcorery of an
Open Fslar Mem.
ToO*-EditorQ/Vu 3W*fe(OA«o) Black
Allow me to correct a mistake occorring la
rout notice of yesterday’s issue of the recent
German dbcovery of the open Polar Sea. Ac*
ttss (o it was not gained from the Pacific, hot
from the Atlantic. Peterman, the ceK-bratc d
Uiw47**fi.t4 u* r«;g*rd :s l
I jo* Ute Inform jko*. that
Payer and Weyprecbt’s North Pole expedition
has returned sate and very successful to Trora
soe. They made, with a small sail vessel, tbo
very important discovery of an open eca east
of Spitzbergen and Kingkarlsand, which, ac
cording to tbetr opinion, extends probably to
the great open Polar Seal near the New Siber
ian Islands. Tbe most favorable route to the
North Pole lies right up in the midst between
Spitzbergen and Navigasemlia, which confirms
the view for which I contended so many
years. The discovery of Payer and Weyprecht
Is a triumph of German science."
Payer was the second officer in command of
the other German expedition which wintered
last year near East Ireland.
PetUi of General Bobert Anderson*
General Robert Anderson died at Nice, France,
October So. He was born in Kentucky in XBO6, gradu
ated at Weet Point la 1896, and on tbs Ist of Jolytn
that year received bis first commission as brevet
Second Lieutenant of Second Artillery. During tbs
Black Hawk war be was inspector General of tbs
llllneia Volunteers, and to that capacity served with
Abrabaa Lincoln. In IMSS-37 Robert Anderson was
Assistant Instructor and Inspector of tbs West Feint
Military Academy, and dating tbo Indian war in
Florida be waa Aide-de-camp to General Scott. For
hia soceesafai conduct in tbs Florida war he re
ceived. Id August. 1638, tbs rank of brevet Captain.
He accompanied General Scott through tbe
Mexican war until tbe fail of the City of Msxlco. par
ticularly distinguishing blmeelf at tbe battle ot Bl
Mollno del Bey. His gallant and meritorious conduct
on this occasion was cowarded by bit promotion on
tbe B>h of September, 1617, to tbe rank of brevet Ma
jor. When Fort Sumter was built Major Anderson
was appointed commander .of It and all lbs works
ronnd Charleston. Anticipating tbe outbreak of hos
tilities, In consequence of the epruad of tbe secession
movement, be concentrated his forces with
in Fort Snmter. Tbe siory of tbat fort
U the story of Major Anderson, and it was
because of bis gallant defence when tbo
etiosgbold was beleaguered by tbe Confederate
forces under Beauregard, on tbe 12th of April, 1561,
tbat his name became famous not only in every
household in this country, but throughout tbe whole
world. After sustaining a bombardment of two
days' duration—defending it, as he,said In his des
patch to the War Secretary at Washington, “until
tbe quarters were entirely burnt, tbe main gates de
stroyed by fire, tbe gorge waUsserionsly lojarod, tbs
magazines surrounded by flames and tte door closed
from tbe eCfecta'of beat, four barrels and three car
tridges of powder only being available, and; no pro
visions remaining tut pork'—be accepted tbe terms
of evacuation offered by General Beauregard, and
marched out of tbo foit on Sunday afternoon, the 14tb
of April, 1871, with colors flying and drums beating,
bringing away company and private property, and sa
luting bis flag with fifty guns. On the reception of
this news salutes were fired to bis honor at Reading,
Fa.. In Philadelphia, and la Boston. »nd tbe citlseoa
of Trenton voted to present him with a sword. Major
Anderson was Immeaiatulv promoted (s tbe rank of
BilgadierG nerairand ordered io the Department of
Kentucky. Here his bca tb tolling him be was obliged
to retire from active service. He grew gradually
more feeble until, being advised to leave hla home
and try the effect of change of air and scene, be went
to France, where be lingered until be died.
t, r
Tlie Ancient Order of Good Fellows*
Philadelphia, Oct. S3.
To Ms Editor of The Chkayo Tribuns;
Sm; The members of the Ancient Order of Good
Fellows have organized an association to provide
means to assist tbe lodges of the order tbat bare suf
fered by the late fire In yonr city. This action Is in
addition to tbe contributions of our members and
lodgoe to the general relief fund. Oar object Uto re
sure our lodges, and pot tb m in a condition to be
effective In relieving the distress that most prevail
during tbe c-mlng winter.
We do not know tbe names or address of the officer*
of these lodge*, and tbe object of this commanica
tlon to to request you to announce in your columns
that U U important that the officers of tbe lodges shall
communicate with Ibis office at their earliest opportn
nl y. JOHN WHARTON. Urrnd Soc'y.
No. 235 Soatß Fifth street.
—The first specimens of the new Japanese sUrer
coinage were received ia San Francisco ay the list
Messier from Japan. The standard of fineness and
Wight ta that of the American coinage, the unit
being tbs ••Yen.” which corresponds with ihe Amer
ican dollar in else ar.d value, though in Its general
appearance, style, and finish, it mom resemble* the
new Mexican coinage.
—A medical officer in the .English army haa written
to tbo London 7Vm/f. supporting the theory that the
cholera I* generated by the vast assemblages at tbo
monster Hindoo religious gatherings on tbu backs of
the Ganges.
Kcvr York Financial t\ewi<
New York, Oct. 40.—Gold opened at
and do**d at lllSftin*. Not wry active. Loau*
were! to* percent for carrying; itol-ltifoc um.
Daily clean .11.000,000.
Government* opened doll, firm, and raoro active.
Later In the day there were alisht advance* in 6a oi*
HWI, D-fc.4of 'bland *OS, new *t»7a and 'tWi.
Stocks firm. The opening became active and
utrong, and at the close, wa* particularly so In Like
Shore and Wahaah.
The rate for money early In the day was 7 per cent.
Later the market vw firm at 6 per cant.
State bond*doll and steady; new South Carolina*
active.
s>trrlm*...~~ J Nuw., -...mS
I'nupt, St —...»,....U6S 1 Coopi, *7 113
Ceuta. *f>_ ...„i,.,iuS Coop 4, 113S
Ccßpo, IK 4 110 HU. .!WS
Coupe, '6i„ „_1 H*» I Cnrreucr a*..™.™ ill
Statu bonds; _
Mia*eurl« _.,„.>3S Virginia*, aid ...»^.<a
Tt-nnettt-e*, old I N. Cnrotlnni, 01d........./IT
TrnpWM, new IN. Carolina*, new..- II
Virginia*, new —...65
Stock! cloud:
Canton.M4 Bock latand
W. C.T_.. 6IS N. J. O. IOAS
Qalck.llTer- Kh St. Pant »S
ilatlp'"-**.l >t. Pant, preferred 76 S
Warlpoca, preferred.... IS Wab*»h~.~~..—49?*
Atlanta Kxprtf1*........... KS t> abash, presorted...... S3
Well* A F»ts» VJ Fort Wayne
American .'i Terre llama 15
It. a aa Terre UauCe. preferred W
Pacinc is C. A A...—— U2
N. rj4 C. Pr trtfrd US
M<T. Outml ecnp M 4 0.A31 n*S
Krie 2S.S 0.. 0. A C..._ »i
Erie- preferred 0.. R. A Q
Hailetu Like Shore 9IS
Harlem. prxUnej 131 indunku ir.‘*
.„„toeS Illinois Central 133
If. O. -,...~....~...nt*S Onion P*ci(lc— 23 s
Piltaburch bonda B*4
North* eaterc....... 61 Central Pacific bonda.lOlH
Korthaeatern, pfd™.. SaH
Kcw York Live Sleek Market*
New York, Oct. 30.~TotaI beeves, R. 200, with 5,100
to-dar, ISO car* at Commnnlpaw, 97 at One Honoredib
dreet, 15) at Weehnvrken. Everything was sold off
clear, and the market ha* advanced fully half cent
per pound. Thin or wholesale lota are lc higher,
weather clear and cool, and finds a comparatively
bare dead meat market. All were Texans to-day.
Onlv eight car load* went direct to
slaughterer*. They and other thin
Hock brought BQ9 1-lc; medium cattle, 10 l*3c;
good, llQlll-Sc; prime to extra, 12013 l-2c. Only
about 30 bead of choice Illinois steers, av 9 1-2 cwt,
.went at the latter price. 53 the per cwt; 5 cars Ohio.
7 cwt. fold at 10®llc; 7 cars Kentucky. 6 cwt, 101-i
11 l*c; 4 cars thin State, ft 1-4 cwt, 0 l-tc. The mar*
ket closed early and strong. averaging lui-Sc.
Sboei^—Total 43,000, with 9,700 received to-day.
Thl-i light run make* a stronger market,
especially for lambs, which are
worth 6 ISSSc. as extremes. few
telling above Sheep are worth 44c. and. If
something fine, me price reaches 64at>4c. A car of
Canada. 174 lb, sold at the latlcrprice; 3 cars Indiana,
1151b*. Or; car little Ohio®, 67 lbs, lb®.
5%c; car t>4 lb Canada lambs. 74c.
Hogs—sl,ooo. or the largest receipts wearer had.
There ere 16.000 to da*, and the advance in every*
tblngelsc. with jnst the finest weather, fails to ad
vance them. Live worth 44a54c; city slaughtered
selling at country dressed come In freely,
and sell at 6a»c. the Utter for little pigs.
|7few York Dry Goods Market*
>'ew York. Oct. 80.—The dry goods market Is with
out anlmatlon.builsgcncnilly steady for aiaple fabrics,
while anything of a perishable character. IX forced to
sale, has been sold at reduced rates, notwithstanding
1 the extreme prices prevalent for raw material. We
quote: yiark A brown sheetings, 13c. and brown
Grille. 134 c; do bleached do, 144 c: Poquot A brown
I (•heelings. |4c: Pcppvrell Edo, 134 c; do R, 124 c;
!do O. 114 c; do N. 104 c: do 7-4. 25c do 8-4
do, 80c do 9-4 do. 324 c do UM do. 874 c do 11-1
do. 40c: do tM bleached do. 45c do 9-4 do, 35c; Tos*
carora, XX and A. bleached muslin, 18c Slaterviile
do. 13c; Manvilledo. 40c Maxweld do, 10c Xash*
I na E. do, 16c; Pacific Mill*, and other leading makes
I offancy prints aru more salable at HSc Freeman's
sell at 10c; Arnold’s. 94a10c Park Mills’ Unseya,
434545 C. as to qnallty; 6-cord spool cotton, beet
makes, 60c for regular, and 40c for 3-cord.
Ilarklmer County Dairy Market*
Little Fell*. X. Y., Oct. 51.—The cheese trade at
UlUe Fill*, for the week ending October 31, was
somewhat duller than naoal. with a slight decline la
trices. Prices ranged as follows: Fancy, 13c fine.
good. U t© HHc ordinary. 10c-
About 8,803 boxes of factory cheese were offered,
but the decline in prices made a doll market, and a
good many factory xnci. did not make sales.
We report the following sales: Walker. 18*40;
West Scanyler, 134 c; WalerrUlc, 13Hc; Norway,
ISUc; Nichols, 134 c; Newport, 13Uc; Newville,
134 c: Keys. ISHc; BIU. 13HC; Old Fairdeld, IS^c.
A lew tone of batter were on delivery. Prices
ranged from 80 to 86c.
At Fort Plain, abont 3.800 boxes of factory cheese
were offered, and bat about 1.000 bozos changed
hard#. Prices ranged at from 184 to iSfto.
Farm dairies sold for from lIH to 18c.
The weather np to October?? has been very dry.
but considerable rain has Allen since then, which.
If It continues for any l«ng*h of time, will boot groat
benefit to tbo country.
Fsnlrb SfarktU.
London. Oct. 80—Krcnin- —Consol*. 91X fir
money; for account. Bona* of *61,91?*;
'67. l«; UMOe. Wk. _
ytnt, ucu ao.—iteme*, JTT. <nc.
Antwerp. Oct. 30.—Refined petroleum, 49.
Urnrpool. Oct. 30— Evening.—Cot.on steady; mtd
dHng upland. 9H(ft9V4d; Orloan*. 6*i<t»Hd; a*lea
HJ,u*)b»lce; speculation and export* 5,900 halos.
Cboeae. o9a.
The Frodace Sfarktti*
MILWArKKI.
Milwaukee. Oct. SO.—Breadstnift—Floor dnll and
nominal. Wheat, longer; No. 1.1 l l-tal.M; No. J,
1 *4 i-i. data steady: No. fi. 30 l-*c. Corn, quiet: No.
•~4«c. Rye, lower. No. t, Me. Barley, steady: No.
2. $6 Me.
Pro virions— Dull.
Receipts—Flour, 6,000 bris; Wheal, 60,000 bn.
Shipment*—Flour, 16,000 brl»r wheat, 162.000 ba.
—To Buffalo, 9Hc; to Oswego, lie.
JIiSW iORK.
New York, Oct. 30.—Cotton la fair demand fand
sum w'
Kptr Weetorn and State, 36.1U-35.50-, com
rade to good, t6.T0Q7.00 good to (‘choice,
T5Q7.40; white wheat extra, f7.40Q7.73; extra
Obie, f6.90Q7.5e: St. LoqU, 17.15a9.15. Bye floor,
and corn meal unchanged. Wheat doll; unsettled; re
ceipts. 319,000 bo; Nculapriair, f1.51a1.34; winter red
Western. ].5901.0: amber Western, I.&ia
lfl?t white. 1.55a1.75; extra choice,
r ~s*f Indians. 11.70. Rye noalnaUy9ocfor Weotero.
Barley Bb*vy; Bay of Qnlnte, fUB: State. 75c. MUt
onlet. Cere -dull and lower; receipts. TB.OOO bn
WMteni mixed. 76*79Hc. Oat* doll and lower; re
eeinia. bo; Western and OUo. SOaSl tgc.
Total stock of (train: Wheat, 1,015,000 bo; eon.
fi.3l.oCOho oata, 1*134.000 bn; rye, 199.000ba; bar*
163,000 bo; malt. 144.000 ho peu, 11,000 bo.
acow^K^ffbedulfTßlo-UaSOe, Sugar ateady;
fair to good refining. £Xa9Se Cuba,*
HolaaeerdelL Rice JHaßHc*
Petroleum—Orode 14c; refined He.
Tortw-ntinc—Qotet it ST^aSdc.
vuO; prlsve mm, U-'X); aeea foe November and De
aesibcr. 11-90; for January. 14.00. Beef and cot
meats anlet and unchanged. Middle*, good demand
for spot, weak for fntnro delivery long clear. Bgc:
tMlUee. Pc; abort -clear. January and yobeuary. 6a
kuc. Lard nosettled No. 1, to prime atcaza 9H*
j/Le t' kettle. 10H»lf>H c I>eoembor, February,
March, and April. vMc.
Hotter and cbeeae—Unchanged.
Look. Oct. 30.—Cotton dollaad prices an
•onsl&al atlTalTUc for middling.
Bre»d«tolf»-Floor Qnlet and ahcnaaged, ooper
winter. C5.-tOas.fisu extra winter. 6JO,t&U; Caauly
winter T,ou*TJQ.Wheat demand fair and prices ad
vaaerd- lor InepoctJooa Sa I rod, l-SSalAd; No. 1,
1 sfaMO. Com Qnlet and npebanged. mixed on track.
40p4)c. Cato doll bat unchanged. Barley doll bat
Bye firmer. N0.*1,61a63e.
Wblekey—Doll, and prkoa&fhadA lower; ffiHe.
QdbaouK im. my Hal Utgt~ei^^-C^cbaa^pd.
froylatoM tort Q«Wt «ad oaahtnged; maafi.
11.75*15. Eicon clear rib tides
ted clear, BHc. Lard unchanged; oa9?»c for choice
tierce.
Cattle—Uochanced: Texan, llJaSc; natlie, SalKc.
Hoga— Moving free?.* at3.G6a4.00. onM
Receipt*—s.ooo brU flour, 20,000 ba wheat, 13.000
bn oats, 17.000 ba rje, 4,000 bn barley. Hoga, 1,000;
cattle, 9,060.
TOLEDO.
Toledo, Oct. 30.—Breadstuff*—Floor dull bat an
changed. Wheat dull and prices hare declined la2c;
amber Michigan, 1.43*1.4314; No. 1 red, 1.401-5*1.41;
No.9do.LSSaI.SSI4; No. 3 do. 1.30; rejected do,
1.91. Corn doll, and prices hare declined la2c; high
mixed, Sl-Sc; new, Me; low mixed. 0114 c: new,
hie; white. 56 l-9c. Oats doll bat unchanged.
Clorer Seed—Steady, with moderate demand at
8.00.
Freights—Steady; 514 aS 3-k to Buffalo, and 10c to
Oswego.
Receipts—7,ooo hrla floor; 16,000 ha wheat; 53,000
ba oats; 6,000 bn rye.
Shipments—9.ooobria floor; 38,000 ba wheat; 43,000
huoata; 96,000bury®-
HEW ORLEANS.
Kew Orleans, dtt. 30.—Breadstafii—Floardall;
superfine fobbing, 6.00: XX 6.73; XXX 7.00a7.1*H.
Core quiet; new soft newyellow mixed
and 'white, 89a90c; old while, 93c. Bran doll and
lower at f 1.40.
Hay—dull; prime, 133.00: choice,fSSJO.
Provision*—Pork quiet balflna; meitbeldat 13.95.
Bacon qn!et at SSadHaßXe. Bams, nothing doing.
Lard, Uerce, 10Hc; keg. lac.
Groceries—Sugar in good demand; Inferior, 7»*e;
rood common. fair, 10<®Uc: white,
Molaisos in good demand: fair, 594®36c; good, 37
®s6c; priro«,»@«oc; choice.63©.»e. Coffea scarce
and advancing; fair, 104©19 c; good,
prime, SO^SO^c.
Monetary—Sterling, 103£; light, H discount; gold,
Cotton—Firmer; sales, 4.330 bales; good ordinary.
17Kc: low middling, 17Ji®18c; middling. IStfc.
Receipts. 6,131 bales.
Whiskey—Scarce at 97c®|l.(M4.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
Knights of Pythias.
The member* of Dlonyein* Lode*. No. 30 K. of P., are
rdered to mret at No. >O9 Weet Waihloyton at., Koam
thlaiToeeday) t-renine, Oct. 31. for reorganisation
,nd appointment of Belief Committee.
IBA BROWN.
P, C., In charse of Lodge.
Huonic.
Thera will bo a meetlacof tbe number* of Miriam
Charter. No. t. O. B. 8.. at the boas* of Win. Peter*.
Ko. |4S Wnl Twelfth »t., on Taeeday evening. Oct. 31.
By order ef the W. p.
JHasonlc.
The members of Ten Beaieeliwr Grand Lodge Ferfee*
tire, A. and A. Hite Kawni, plow# tend their preeeat
P. O. addraee to the Secretary at 3tX Park av. By order
of Ibo T. P. O. M.
J. *LIOTVTKR. *»e>.
DRY GOODS.
Largest Millinery and Fancy Dry Goods
House in the City!
MAYHON,
DALY CO.,
Importers,
Mlchigan-av., bet. Monroe Adams-sts.
HAVE A FULL STOCK OF
Berpai’sfforsteis
Germantown fools,
AND ALL ARTICLES PERTAINING TO A FULL
STUCK or
Fancy Dry Goods.
ALSO. A COMPLETE ASSORTMEMT OP
MILLINERY GOODS.
We have jnst received a Urge Invoice
of onr famous brand of AAAA cord*
edge RIBBOSS.
CARSON,
PIRIE $c CO.,
Wholesale and Retail De
partments,
Ars low open at 636 WEST LAKE-ST.,
where they will offer for a few days, previ
ous to removal, a large lot of fine Black and
Colored SILKS, PAISLEY SHAWLS, rich
DEISS GOODS, Black ALPACAS, and
MOHAIB3, SILKS VELVETS, BBOAD
OLOTHS, BEAVEES, OASSIMEBES, &o.
Some of the above goods were slightly dam
aged in moving the morning of the fire, and
will he sold at a great sacrifice.
BUSINESS GARBS.
BOOTS SHOES.
Boggett, Bassett Hills’
aKADQUAHTSES AT
33*2 AVAR ASH AV.,
corner Uarman eoort. in now reeeirinc of
BOOTS AND SHOES,
tad era prepared to aupp'y customers.
HABIET BROTHERS,
Wholesale and Retail
BOOKSELLERS,
738 State-st., near Sixteenth.
A fall stock «f Dooka and .stationery on head. Or*
dsrapromptle fill'd.
HATS, GAPS,
And FnrnUhing Goods.
smith McCarthy
n*reja«t opened at 133 MadUon.it.. a choice stock of
Hate. Capa, and Famishing Goods. Give them a call*
and they will show y(m mods to p’ease yon.
HATS, GAPS, AND FDRS.
J. A. SMITH A CO.,
Formerly 9S BtaU*«t., hare opened their new store at
(513 WADASH-AV,,
Where they are ao« receding a splendid stock or
llata, and other eooda in their Un», and will ao"n open
a lance stock cf For Goods, to be sold at lov prices.
C. McLennan,
CITT AND COUNTY SURVEYOR,
Office, southwest corner Clark and Adams ate,
Having b*en actively engaged fortbacait number of
ymr-ln lH* mrvry of city property. l» now pr*p\r<-dto
'Vt’-miae la* baundsrlss of *ll property ••olraited to
bln with aecaraey. and beyond lha poMibiltty of doubt.
t'npira of pMs of ail lunm made by Frost A
McLennan fnrnUbed at coat of tracing.
C. M. Henderson,
WHOLESALE BOOTS AND SHOES,
Ara now open for bailors* on Mirhlzaa «v.. corner
Ceegrva* at., second door north of Hichlg*a*«v. Hot#!
or naw Trvuont llonae. with a complete Mock of sea*
•o-iabla.aocda. Wi are building a factory on <hac->r*
ber of State and Twenty sixth sta.. and shall bo ready
to &II urdera for the aalabrated Henderaoa Boot* about
tbs IStb of November.
o. M. Hixm^oirtoo.
Wllaon, Martin tc Montgomery,
ATTOBNITS-AT.LAW,
479 Wabash ar.
Ezra A. Cook dc Co.,
Eogravar*. steam printer*. lithographers, and a*oo
factoring Matl/mers. formerly -t M LaSalle at-, are re
eatabliabed at No*. S. 3* and 77| North Hinton at. We
fanre a fair stock of stationery, and a (treat quantity at
the depot. Our engraver* have been at work forth*
pest two week*, and wa are printing by steam. we ar*
ready? t» fill order* for anything in oor line. *ba
prompt payment of *nr lasnranco by the Pbeaaix. o*
.»um »i. COOK co.
John Daviton,
OAKUM MASCrAUTUSEB.
and Dealer In Oordage,.Tadtie B»««ks. Chains. Aocbars,
Ac., 30 Sooth Market at. Oahnu Work*, corner Dll
lor and Rinaia its.
Dr. 18. W. Sherwood,
Dealt*t. formerly of W cod W Block. f« tdeaaad
.....mnrl thatk* has•srTitxl th*fire, a«d from thla
p .11 rjlTf b l p*tiant< and frießd* at 470 Wabaab
Bain.
October 31. t*7l.
Chapin dt Gore,
Whelatala dealers la imparted wines and llQaore. fine
tß d clgara. Alao bays a largo stock of deal-
Johns, all pies*, a* Twpntr-aoooaJ Chiew. 11l
HOGAN TANSBV,
JOB PRINTERS.
book:
330 WX9T MADISON ST.
QtH+ro for damUf*. Blllhi-4*. Oat*,
rnu LU<*. w—. .AscatcJ iaa
up cdfrafio shafjw.
INSURANCE.
VILLI&MSBUE6H
CITY FEE ISSMNCE CO.,
BROOKLYN, L. 1.,
$250,000
250.000
Cash Capital,
Cask Surplus,
Gross Assets, $500,000
Losses In the great Chicago
Fire,
5130,000
Jiet Cash Assets,
The great fire occurred on the
Bth and 9th days of October. On
the llth following, a meeting of
the Committee on Claims and
Losses, convened by the Presi
dent, unanimously passed a reso
lution authorizing him to tele
graph to Chicago that all losses
sustained by the Company, as
soon as adjusted.iwould be set
tled by Sight Drafts, without de
ducting the sixty days’ interest.
Agreeably to these instructions,
James R. Same, Esq., Adjuster
for the Company, is engaged in
adjusting its losses with all rea
sonable despatch, drawing on the
Company at siorht as fast as their
liability can be ascertained. By
refusing to take advantage of the
sixty-day clause in their Policy,
the Company virtually donates
over SI,OOO to our suffering citi
zens—an example worthy of imi
tation by wealthy Companies,
whose losses are light compared
to their assets.
This sterling old Company, by
adhering to the principle of an
adequate rate for the risk assum
ed. is enabled to afford undoubted
indemnity to its patrons-.
The following figures give soma
idea of the management of the
WILLIAMSBURGH
Total premiums received from the
organization of the Company, in
1853, to Jan. 1,1871,
$2,216,392.
Total losses paid from organiza
tion to Jan. 1, 1871,
$1,308,334.
DIRECTORS i
EDWARD DRIOC- 4 Collector of City of Brooklyn.
EDWIN RKKBi*. Lumber, Conckiin, Itua ft Boers.
RICHARD TEN SYCB, Coiner Sooth Fourth and
Third sts.
NATIIANIEL BRIGGS. Shipping Merchant. New
York.
BaMUEL M. MEEKER. Lawyer. Brooklyn.
C. W. COOPER, Olue Manof-tctufsr, Brooklyn.
WILLIAM COOPER. Ole* Manufactarar. Brooklyn.
JAMES M. WATEBBURT. President Uonstoii dtro*
Ferry Company.
RICHARD BERRY. President Tradesai#a's Uaak,
New York.
NICHOLAS WYCKOFF. President First National
Brooklyn.
DANIEL MAUJER. Paints. Ac Grand it.. Willlami
burgh.
WILLIAM MARSHALL. L. Waterbary A Co.. New
York.
JOHN I. VAN ALhT, Merchant, Newport. L, I.
JAMES BULGER, Machiniit. Aid NorthSeoeod it.
GKOBGE KITCUISO. Mait.r Dry Dock, Niw York.
ABRAHAM VANDERVOORT. Fnrtnsr, Buhwkk.
L. I.
MARTIN G. JOHNSON. Snmycr. Jamaica. L. I.
JOHN C. DEBKVOISE, Farmer, Newtown, L. I.
FRANCIS DUBOIS. Watch"#. 69 Fulton it., New
York.
JOSEPH WILDE, Samnel Wild*’* Son*, Dutch it..
New York.
FREDERICK FRIES. Brewer, Williamsburg*.
JOHN 11. HOLDEN. Iron Merchant. New York.
ECKFORD WEBB. Shipbuilder, Oreenpiiat. L. I.
ANDREW CUNNINGHAM, Flour, It Water st.. New
York.
JOHN BASES, Floor. Montrose ar.
ADAM SCHLEGELj Montrose ay.
JOHN BROACH, Cashier WUHamtbnrgh Savings
Bank.
I. BAMBER, Paints. 87 Broadway, Brooklyn.
MARSHALL S. OBIGGS. M. B. Driggi A Co., rs
Sonth it.. N*w York.
HEUVETO. LAW, Willow Ware. Ae..Fulton sL.Naw
Totk.
EDJICXD DBiaCW. Pre*.
JOUX XI. .TIOTT, lec’y.
X. W. JIRMKROLE, AM'lltee'r,
bti. if. nBOHX. iM'tsee'x.
SI. tt. WmnLT.HE\. 1,.'
JKS«B WATSON. Jr., {,arT y9r
All classes of property insured
against loss by fire at current
rates.
BRANCH OFFICE
IIS' OJEIICA.OO,
231 Michigan>av.,
Nearly Opposite Merchants’ National Bank.
DjIX n.BOW»XB,
Manager.
STAR
Fire Insurance
COMPANY
OF VEH FORK CITY.
Cash Assets Oct. 25,1871,
$326,000.
NO LOSSES IN CHICAGO
Offers undoubted security, and
insures first-class property at mod
erate rates.
TEALL FISHER, Agts..
70 South Canal-at.
The Manhattan Insurance Coup]
Snprema Court. Alexander X. O. Smith ot *l. against
The Manhattan Insurance Company.
Notice is heraby siren that by aa Order mad* in th«
above entitled action, lha unrtaP9]g»"Vd hasten xppolm
t? Btcaivrr of all the property. f uo dr. and effect# ot tba
Manhattan Insurance Company, nod that—
I. All parsons indited to the said company are re
quired, on or b«te; e November 11. I*7l. «t 10 o'clock*.
n, *Vu °v*°f th* Receiver, No. fia Wall at., In (b*
ciiy ot s•*"* York, to reader aa account at tba d bra and
sums %f money owing by them respectively to stub con-
PO.>, and to pay the same.
3. Any persona having ia their poaaessloo any property
or effects of said company are reunited to deliver tba
not to Iba said Receiver, at bla aaid oflec, oa or before
the day above'named.
3 All creditor# of said company are required to dallrf r
tbcir respective account* and demands against cald
ootobahf, ?o the aaid Receiver, at the place above named*
on or betore December 11. 1371, at to o'clock a. m.
4. All person# holding-any opes or adbsis ting contract
ofsoeb company, ar* required to prssant tboiameto
said Meceivcr, In writins and ia detail* oa orbafsrasald
IJih day of Deceml*cr, 1571, at bis iflce. No. U Wan at.,
ia the city of New York.
Dated Nxw Tex*. Octobers!, 1371,
CHAUNCEV BKDBLL. Receiver.
Bititir, Brtn A Psimv!, Attoraeya far Sseeietr.
No. m Broadway. New VorK e.ty.
THE REPUBLIC
LIFE iRSFKAACE COMFY
KollfieeaJl poller bolder* (bat bare left (hair paUefa*
br tb* flra that aewoaea caa bo procarad br oalllacat
tbaofleenrtba Compear. which will bo found at 334
VVKST MOHItUE-Sl., until the Oompaajr'a belltla* oti
bo rebuilt, which is belof pushed forward u fret aa |h>
•ibla.
Poller bolden bavin* premium* falliaffdoa Is October
or KoTrabrr will call at ike office and par with
ogi tK«lr|n| tortber snttoe. Hm Mord sfObtoen H’
Idea kiflu beta la»t, the aioal not 100 tor ibew vtol ik
J. V. FaBWEUU Free,
O. E-MOO Bt, 9m’/.
Office Teutonia Insurance Company,
OF ULETSLAMD, OHIO,
Moa.liandtr South Canal at. fop italn) fU*n Mo.?.
rartlM haring claim* agaiaat tbU Mtapes/ will
ti«u« call u *oea m vxim*.
U. s. TirrAM k CO., a«Mnl AnnU.
ALL POLICY HOLDERS
In the G>«»l Woilarn Iwnraoce Co9Mo;. whe harp
art will* tou. are req seated to have their paper* prop
•r nr on ok. Th#/ trill oses be ptl4 la full.
Utß**«ft B*dJao«tb. op etoer*.
MISCELLANEOUS.
-'“"'plciiix''
TRUNK WORKS.
131 West Randolph st, and 240 West
Madison at,
GEO. W. FLATELIi,COHAS. A. TAYLOR,
(Formerly Cl Clark it. and I2S Lake el.)
A largo lino of trnoki, valUe*. ladlea* and gsata*
•atebela. travailing baa*. at old pneni.
t bo, a Pauls tor M. 21. SECOR’S Oroal Northweaten*
Trank Manufactory. the largest and most complain
Mtabliahmeoc of Ita kind west nr 3u<w Fork.
OBDEB4 SOLICITED.
SALT! CEMENT!
Full Stocks on hand- Orders
fitted promptly.
HASKIN, MARTIN WHEELER.
OfSca temporarily at 6M South Canal «t. Chicago.
TRANSPORTATION
And Insurance.
CHARLES C. CRA Q R A 00., Areata Evans* Lin*
Steamers and Aneber Line.are receiving frolshtasniusl
at their dock loot of North LetfalU »t. Deles, Uoon
2, Slavonic Bnlldln*. corner of Randolph andllel*t»l
au.. whara bills of lading wHlba given. Marina laamr
anc» in National Insurance Company ex Boeton. As-
HU. t1.0C0.000.
ocr. n, u:i.
STOVES.
Our warehouse* ware not burned, a* they were in
Boeton and Albany, and instead of advancing we ha to
red coed oor price* to wholesale mtw.
lllQßleater Bat* bnrnera. and Magee Cook Store* a*.
TILI.OTSO7I BROS.,
Corner Mlchlyan-av. and Jackson-st.
DTHBENFTJBTH COLLEGE.
Educational College for bora. Ladles’ Samiaarr*
.Bttsineaa College.
till be tec pa tied Kovember t. at the
AtROBA TCRNEB (HALL,
corner Milwaukee at and Second st, nod will be con
tinned on the mb* rritem, with the s*m- corps of pro*
fmort as heretofore, sad at greatly reduced rate*.
All former etudente retain thilr privilege. Forsehof*
anhllt apply »t college eSee. The ivenlug college wOl
be reopened os Monday. Noremhey 8.
ERIE PACIFIC DESPATCH.
NOTICE TO SHIPPERS-
Freight far all points la Kansas, Colorado, and the
ffi e»*rn. Territories, received and shipped a* nenal at
Chicago. Alton 4 ft. tools, cr Chicago. Burlington.*
Oniocy Railroad*. Consign freight care Erl# 4 Pacffla
Despatch, and ship by the above road*. Special rate*,
claeslflcatton. and through hilts of lading Cirea. Z
lake this occasion to thank mr friends fur past faro re.
and weald ail for a continuance of the «*tne.
C. K. DENNY. Agent,
Boom 6, 9 Sontb Canal sf.
THE REPUlitilC
Liife Insurance Company
Has already a large three at work rebuilding its oOoa
bnildlog 159, 161 and 163 LaSalle et, and hopes to
have it rvady for occupation by the Ist of February.
The floors are to be made with iron b*«ms and brick
errbre. and Increased attention i# to be paid to light
and ri n’il-tloo. Ranks, losnranoe Companies, or any
parties wishing good acccmtnMatioa# can have room*,
wiihvanll* Qjiishoi off to suit them, by applying at
once at the temporary office of tbo company, 334 West
Muaroe st. a corner of A'wrdecn.
Eagle Iron Foundry,
{Established in ts«i.)
yninuol J, CpchwoH, Jr#«
81?. BU. 916 and Ala Race st..
PHILADELPHIA.
Iren Fronts, Stairs. Girders. Lintel*. Columns. *t*„
etc. Light and henry u»u-r Pip>«, Sinks, etc. Flew
Door*. B»r>, and Paters’ Or»n Castings, ate. Odd n*t
lid of all deecrlp;i»n"-
Oaring replenished nnr stock of Hard and Soft Coal,
we are now prernr*d to deliver on abort notice. All or*
ders bj mall will be promptly attended to.
OOIT A CURTISS,
Tan Euren-st., corner Market.
Wanted—A tinantfura brick warehonse. about ho
erected on Illinois street, near Casi st. North Bide; 5*
feet by IWJ. Address, for three days. Ml VfeatTaa
Bnrrn at.
SX. JAMES HOTEL.
Located corner of Clark ami Polk-ste ooatalnlac
room?, furnished la lb* b<*et style of ssr hotel la tM
Wed
noadtanckim prick*.
Ask for ba*»Mforlho NEWST. JAMES fIOTIZ*.
KOTICK OF DISSOLUTION.
Tfte copartnertbip heretofore exUiltir ooier the firm
oemeof '*Chlf*ei>f>d ConteMT la hereby d«dir*<
dlex-Ived. The buAlne«a will be contionM au<li>r tb«
ome firm name at Jii6 Wabiuh-af., \<T the andehtcsed,
who Mrome the lUMUHes, ami are »foae t*
collect the a«*ela of »be late firm. B. P. CUUKUB. O.
A. CUAFFKK. D. FAKRANU UENBT.
Chicago. Oct. 30. HTO.
All Policy Holders
la (b« Commercial, Republic, Mt reboot*, Home, aa-1
Fireman** Imuranco Cunpaaie*, of Cbioajo, an> n>-
qorsted to call at Room* 2 and 3, No. W We*t Hadlaoa
•t., as aoon sa pot<il>lo.
GENERAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
To those of ot»r customers who hare been
obliged to buy Clothing for the past three
weeks In St. Louts, Cincinnati, Milwaukee*
St Paul, Dubuque, St Joseph, and other in*
ferior markets, we desire to state that wo
hare rented the old Second Presbyterian
Church, corner Wabash-ar. and Washing
ton-at, which we arc now roofing over, mak
ing of it as good a store us circumstances
will permit. We shall take immediate stops
to fill this store with a more desirable stock
than ever before exhibited by us, and shall
do our whole duty in re-establishing the rep
utation that this market has always, sus
tained of being the best clothing market ia
the country.
We than* our cus'omers generally for their
rerr prompt remittances, and assure them of
our intention to make onr stock second to
none in America,
Chas. P. Kellogg Go.
ATTENTION CONSIGNEES!
The Pittsburgh, Cincinnati
St. Louis B. R. Co.,
4 (Formerly Great Sat Urn.,)
IJavlrc n*ed ovary exertion to Indue* conalf bom (a r*-
more in>-ir property, thus rellerloc tho warebooM* and
cars of tbe r< iop*iiy, lIKRKIIT NOTIFY allptrliM
that gnodt end iropertf, not remored «dihl«
!24 hi-an fp..m receii t of notice, vill bo Hat toitomt
oiivoHtad risk et owa»r CIiAS. IZ. WOOD,
Übktso, Ueti-berSO, 1171. Agaat.
PUBLIC NOTICE.
All partie* awaiac ground lath* burnt district, wfc»
ba»o beretofor* boon aupplied wth water from tbo
Water Work*, aro ber*by notified to shut off tbo
water fri m tbeir Mrrlco pipe* on such ground, either at
tbe *tr«t cock or by foldiac back tbo plpo a* near to Ux
Hrb>atU aapowll.l*.
Tbl* It abaolotelr Docnaary to prevent leakage tad
«Ht« 9f water, and to giro tbe a«ce««ary supply for «m-.
J.'MeABTBDB.
W. H. CARTER.
R. PBINDIVILLK.
Hoard of Publlo Work*;
Notice of Partnership.
Tbennd-nlreM have this dnvent* rod into copartnar
ahip. nader the Arm nanto of 110G%M ft TAHdtCT, aa
Printers, at 239 West Madison at. (Thompson Black).
Chicago. RICHARD (lOOAV.
Uct. 20. 1971. JOHN K. TAN3IT.
TRUST PREPS ARP LIA9II
Can bo obtained from
rtrr.r. ktwc a m. .t.m ntcMtaa aw.
w BANKIKOi
German National Bank.
Capital, --$500,000. i
ALSO, THE
German Savings Bank.
Capital, $200,000.
With 71BR-PBOO7 VAULTS. are located witkuiw
tba Urge and spacious oikaa
IVo. 16 Canal-st.,
Bofween Randolph and Lafta eta.. Ad FULLY PU.
PA HH> to aerva the poMio oa b*foro Us« Are.
mltoaad Latlm ofCraditoa Borepp,
BKAROU 0771 C*, 633 Wabash ar.. baa l»ao~
ecnttoa ataco Ocrobar *B.
(IKNBT QBKINKBACU ft CO.. Banker*.
ThePrairieStatßLoan ani Trust Co.,
93 W. lUndolpU-st, cor. Jefferses.
Bring* WeetSldn loatl<ail*o. and hariagUawesrf
ll-a t*>s>tlr do ibe Wral H<b>, JM nrt auffrr b/ th« Sr%
MlKdelßC boelneaa aa o*u«l Hilieni<l«Ua4. .Ve
rt ukto of merchant*, aud bo.ioni
on S*o#{ fo/arabl* t-rm*.
Mow Totk. and *ll tUr prlneiial n> Kntip*.
JAb. W, bOOVII.LK.PrwI'teOt.
C.C. iUUi^,wai— j
JOHN V. FAKWELL. President.
A. W. KKLI OGO. Vice Pre-i tent.
PAUL ON NELL, Second Vico I’rrs’f,
O. K. SK.ORB. Secretary-
COAX..
For Lease.
Warrantee Deeds«