FOR FACTS.
interviews with Fire Marshals Wil
Hams and Brenner on the
Great Conflagration.
What the Former “Felt in His
Bones,” and Retired to
Bed Upon.
The Battle with tbe Fire Fiend
in the West, South and
North Divisions.
All Hope of Staying the flames Aban
doned when Miller’s Jewelry Store
Canght Ere.
The Board of Police and Fire Commissioners
having failed In their duty to investigate and re
port to the public, whose servants they are, the
origin and progress of The Great Fire, and the
conduct of the Fire Department on the fatal night
of October 9, a reporter of Tub Tribune was yes
terday despatched to interview the Chief Marshal
(Williams) and such of his assistants as Could be
found. Mr. Williams unhesitatingly made a state
ment, as did Mr.. Brenner, Third Assistant Mar
shal, which are iriven-herawith;
STATEMENT OF MIL WILLIAMS.
Reporter. 1 desire you to give mo a statement
in regard to the tire—its progress from the time it
until you ceased your attempts to
subdue it.
Marshal Williams. I had been to Box No. 2s
—I cannot tell tbe exact time. I was just cross-
ing Franklin street, going to my house, when that
alarm came in. While returning from 28 I told
my driver that we wore going to have a burn,”
as I felt it In mj bones, and I said to him, I am
going to bed so os to get some sleep.” I went to
bed. and was asleep when my gong struck; that
was between half-past 9 and 10 o’clock. When I
gottoltho fire I should think there were some six
or seven buildings ablaze—sheds and outhouses,
we got it under control, and it would not have
gone a foot further, but the next thing I knew
they came and told mo St. Paul’s Church, about
two squares north, was on fire. I told George
Raw, foreman of Hook and Ladder 2. to put ms
longest ladder on the truck and go to the church,
because I knew the wind was blowing
■o bard that we couldn't raise a stream high
enough to strike the roof. The citizens got hold
of the ladder, throw It down, and
broke it into two pieces. I was on
the north side of the tire then, and I went up
to the church. When I got there I asked Raw
where tbe ladder was, and he said the citizens bad
broken it. Wo surrounded the church fire—l hud
three engines working on it: the Behra stood on
the corner of Clinton and Mather eticcts. work
ing that plug, and it was so hot there that the en
gineer had to put up a door to protect himself.
The Ound was on the east side of.the church, and
the Coventry on tbe north. Wc gut It checked:
it was not gaining any headway; the church had
fallen in. There was a drug store on tho opposite
side of the street—on the northwest corner, and
a row of buildings north of it, and these caught
fire several times. Wo held tho fire
at bay, and the next thing I knew tho fire was in
Batebam’s planing mill. When I got there, 1
found that the match factory between Batebam’s
and Clinton, street was going, as was tho lumber
in a yard near by, just north of it. We got tivo
streams in there but couldn’t do any good, as the
fire was thick and heavy, and ran along to anoth
er lumber yard north, and spread east to the old
red milt 1 went north then to head it ofT, and
found it was down to Harrison street. Commis
sioner Chadwick came to me and said, 44 Don’t
you know the fire is ahead of you?” I told him
It was getting ahead of me in spite of all I could
do; it was Just driving me right along. I got
down to Van Buren street and was working the
engines there, but it was so hot that the men
yrere obliged to run for their lives, leaving their
Bose on the ground. They came to me and asked
what they were to do about hose, and I said,
"God only knows.”
He porter. Hadn’t you any hose in reserve t
Vibliaxs. Not afoot. Erery foot of available hose
was in use. The statement that several thousand
feet of hose was burned in the Armory is not true.
After the Burlington warehouse fire every foot of
it was taken out of there and put iu service.
Matt. Brekker. There were fourteen lengths
in the repair shop.
Williams. When the fire was raging on both
sides of Canal street, and ameng the furniture
rhat was piled up in the street—mattresses, bu
tesus, tables, chairs, and everything of that na
ture had been filled up on the oast side of the
.Street, and helped amazingly to set tho buildings
On that side of tho street on fire—several of the
engines were ob.Tged to pull up and leave their
hose. The foremen came to mo and asked for hose,
and I told them I had none to give them, and tbo
steamers were entirely useless. We got the Gund
located on the corner of Van Buren and Canal
street, and led her hose up Van Buren street into
an alley running south, and tried to cut off tho tiro
in the rearof the corner building, because I knew
if it eamo through that building the longxowou
the north side of tho street was sure to go, and
It would bo hot around there. Tho flames rolled
over tho men who were with the engine on tho
comer, and I told tho foreman to get her out or
we would lose her. I asked some citizens for help,
and we ran np to uncouple tbo section
from tho plug, and others commenced
to uncouple toeliosc, and* thought if we got tho
engine away we would lose tho hose. Just then
a wave of name came rolling over the street, and
I was obliged to get away. Hose was afterwards
attached to the axle of the Gund, and the citizens
pulled her into tho sidewalk, where she was
burned up. When I got on to Canal street. I met
Aleo MoGonegul, foroiimn of the Long John, and
bo told me there was a tiro on tho South Side. I
told him to go for it, and I jumped on a hose cart
and went over too. I was saii-flcd that tho lire
on the West Side could not hum any further
north, because of the space left by Saturday
night’s lire, and that the wind would prevent it
froin going west. I thought if the tiro had reach
ed the South Side I must go and look after it.
Reporter. Where were the Assistant Engi
neers I
Williams. Where they were I could not toll at
that time, I had been fulling: buck before the lire,
and I didn’t know whore anybody wax. When I
reached the South Side—l went across 'Madison
street bridge—the Long John was ahead of me. I
went south on Market street, and when I got to
Monroe street I found that the gas works were on
Are. I took a look around, ana saw that the Ar
mory and the, block up to Wvlla street was going
fast. We formed a line, and had two steamers
fighting the lire on Monroe street, and
keeping It from getting into the express barn
near Wells street, and another building west.
We played on those buildings and kept the tire
from spreading west. The Economy’s stream
was in the block, between Monroe and Adams
;streets, and the men were afraid the gas reser
voir would explode and blow everything to
pieces. I took a view of the property, and saw it
was bound to go. despite our efforts. I ran out of
the yard and weut over to Monroe street again
find got another steamer to work. It was of no
use; the tiro jumped over our heads and ignited
some of the framo buildings in the rear
of those fronting on Madison street.
I knew there was no use remaining
where wo were, so I ordered the foremen to take
up. When I reached Madison street, I found
that there was lire in the rear of the Oriental
Building, in the centre of the block. Prescott's
row, on the north aid« of the street, was not
touched; the lire was all lu the rear, among the
shanties and burns. I got the Economy to work
on the corner of Washington and LaSalle streets,
and led the hoso In through the stairway oppo
site. Wo were not in there three minutes before
a she t of flame rolled over us and the boys
dropped the wipe and ran for their Jives. The wind
was blowing so heavy at the time tliat the
water would not go ten feet from the nozjle of
the pipe. Wo could not strike a second story
window. When wo camo through the stairway on
LaSalle street, the Court House was on lire,
and the next thing the Foard of Trade was
ablaze. At this place I learned that Alderman
Hildreth was around with powder to blow up
buildings, lie came to me and said, "We have
got to let everything go, and begin to blow up.
Where will wo make a start 1 X said, 1 don’t
know, for the fire is going so fast wo cau’l have
time to make a start and know that everybody
U out of the buildings.” I told if we did any
thing then, wo bad better take the corner
building—llio southwest corner of LaSalle
and Washington streets. 1 told him to
be sure to gel all the people out. as there wore
many in It then. 1 then went to woi k and got ray
two engines fo play on the Sherman House to
keep It from bur ijlug, 1 thought we would Iks able
to save It on account of ttic open space opposite.
But. my God! there was a piece of board six
feet long that came over and lauded right on top
of the old Tuibl*n*k building on Chirk street, and
It was not two minutes before that row was on
fire. The liames went from there into W« *d’s
Museum, find from there it weut in all diroe.Uous.
A fire then started in the rrjir of the tihermuft
House among those stables, and away everything
went. I couldn’t tell how it did go. It
went whichever wav it pleased. Miller’s Jowjdry
store was set on fire by the awnings lu front ot the
windows: thry were xcguhir bugs to catch
sparks. From there the fire went as it pleased.
Tue Fire Department got separated; some weut
oast, others west, and others south. Where Hil
dreth did the blowing up I don’t know. I heard
that he tried to blow up h'Uou’s building, but
don’t know whether he old or not. While I was
wetting down the front of the Sherman House*,
and w»s dcfiug well, I was told that the Water
Work* were on fire, I Jumped into my w 5 gon
and drovtf over to see if Jt was true, and whim 1
got near' there I saw that the root Wfis
all on fire, and burning rapidly, and'
the dairies rolling out of every opening
In the building. 1 made pp my mind then that
the whole city was gone. There was no possible
chance for the h’orth Side, any move Ilian there
was for the South.
Reposteb. Do you know what took plane on
the s juthern lino of the fire)
Williams. Ko; I had my hands full where I
was, so that .1 could not tell what happened
there,
BKroBTLR. Did you boo any of the Assistant
I did not see Sohank. the First As
ristaat, during tho whole fire. Ido not know
where be was, but he was around somewhere. 1
aaw Walter* on the West Side and again in front
cf the Long John’s house. Brenner was on the
Math line of the fire, and can tell you about that,
STATEMENT OX* MIL lUIENNKB.
Matt Bresnek. the Third Assistant Marshal,
was also interviewed, and. after glyms an ac
count of hU adVenturea on tho est hide, y Well
consisteduf ordering pipemeu in l ualn
men in there to save buildings. and
prevent tho spreading of the flames gofiti*
tailed his experience on the toouth bide. Ho
and the men under his comnmnu had worked
oard on the West Side, and kept the buildings
south of the southern line of the tiro damp a*
long as the water lasted.. Evtry thing was i-ou-
Siacred safe when he wasj.told that there was fire
ov the South bide. He left one engine on
thd comer of Taylor and C'aual streets,
and owtered the others over to the South
Two cotpver all right, but the thi fd was detained
for nearly an hour, by a train of cars standing
across Twelfth street. When he reached the cor
ner of Harrison and Clark streets, he found the
T. B. Brown at work- A row of buildings on the
northeast corner had Just caught fire, and he or
dered the plpemen to load Jbc hose into the rear of
them, Water at this time was very scarce, there
being hardly enough for a “decent stream.” Two
leads of hose were put on. but before water could
bo got latothcsecond leadtho
on the comer of Hat rison street and Fourth ave
nue, Ignited. An effort was made to pull the
plaster off; so that throwing water in the building
would do some good, but tbo ceiling was so
high It could not be done. Tho firo eat
its wav east very fust, omitting to gut u block
or a building at intervals: mpl Brenner meeting
flehank. the First Asve’ant. left him in chirge
ihrr* and went after the ;lre. He went over to
Vabash avenue and found tho lUcc and another
mclno forming a line to take water from the ba
«Soattt» foot of Van Buicu street. TUo Itose
VOLUME 25.
not long enough to reach the
.on tire, which were on the west
flido or State street. It soon became so
hot that the men were driven away from where
they were stationed, and the flumes*came so near
the Rice that she had to bo moved. Her with
drawal broke the “line,” and no more water
could bo obtained. A lot of huso was also lost,
the occupants of the dwellings on Wabash avenue
having piled their household goods on it, and
these catching Are it was burned up. After this
Brenner went over to Michigan avenue, and
there saw two young men in a wagon, which was
tilled with po wder in kegs. One of them asked
him where he wanted the powder, anti ho told
him to go south to Harrisonstrcet, and wait until
he came up. He subsequently went after the
powder, but could not find the wagon. Ho then
went to the corner of Harrison street and Wa
bash avenue, and heard a blow up.” He looked
around, and presently found Aid. Hildreth and
several others, who were about to blowup n brick
building on Harrison street, near the church. A
keg of powder was put into ‘the basement,
but it only shattered the house. Some parties
then suggested that the church be blown up, and
it was sometime before they could lie convinced
of the uselessness of it, as the church was strong
and well built, and able to stop the Are. Several
brick holldings on Wabash avenue were also
blown up. and this checked the spread of the
flames, in the afternoon it became evident that
the flro would not go further south, and every
thing being considered safe, Brenner went home.
He did not learn until the next day ;that the Are
had spread overthe North Side, and was surprised
when told such was the case.
THE IiATE EDTPIBE.
Sale of the -Imperial fleet*—A Prince’*
Tor*.
Faria Correspondence of the London News.
Tho publicity given by the London Press to
the civil list sales is beginning to bear golden
fruits. The bidding on October 25 was ex
ceedingly spirited, owing to the presence of
English sympathizers with the Chisclhurst
exiles. Tho gem of the table linen was the
Bee Service.” It had been ordered, it was
reported, to serve at the coronation of the
Emperor and Empress, which would have
taken place in Notre Dame, tho Pope officia
ting, had the Germans been. beaten by
tho French. But I ascertained, on
making inquiries, that it was woven with a
view as well to the royal entertainments
fiven in 18C7. This table-linen was muuu
actnred in the north of Ireland.. It looked
as bright as satin, and was delicious to the
touch. The borders were filled in with laurel
wreaths, Carlovingian crowns,Ns, and eagles;
and bees with wide-spread wings, were scat
tered over the ground. A lot of two table
cloths, eight yards in length, and three
dozqp.napkins were purchased at the high
price of 7US francs by a young English gentle
man. Agents of the ox-Emperor had in
structions to buy for him all the Bee sets
that were going cheap. They obtained for
him some of the banqueting tablecloths, but
did not buy in any of tho others. A lady
of rank and fortune, who was con
nected with the dispersed Court, spent
nearly 7,000 francs in tho Bee services, which
she intends to present to the ex-Empress.
The Prince Imperial’s bed-linen was hotly
contested by searchers after relics. A dozen
plain pillow-cases, made to fit small pillows
—wedge-shaped, I presume, from the long
triangular gussets m the sides, and a broad
overlappinghem at the toil —were sold for 185
francs. Half a dozen bolster-cases to match
fetched a larger sum. They were all rotten,
and many neatly darned. The English lad}’
who is now the happy possessor of them was
all the bcttir pleased because the repairs and
marks of frequent washings afforded her a
presumption that her relics must have come
m direct contact with “tho little Prince’s
head.” Half a- dozen pairs of Union
linen sheets, belonging to the Compiegno
lot, wore bought by an admirer, I
suppose, of the fallen dynasty for more than
£lO. The servants’ sheeting sold very high,
the highest bidders being, of course, English.
The Prince Imperial’s toys and school-room
belongings have been all disposed of. A ve
locipede, very elegantly constructed, and
with silver mounting, said to have been the
one presented to the Prince Imperial by Al
phonse, of Spain, was bought by a wealthy
petroleum merchant from Oil City. This
I purchaser intends to place tho velocipede
I under a glass case upon his drawing-room
chimney-piece as a reminder to his
sons that richer men than ilc-strikcrs
can bust up.” There wore cases of
mathematical instruments in tho school-room
lots, on which both fancy and money had
been lavished. The steel parts were cov
ered with Damascus arabesques. The toys
were generally well preserved. Few of the
playthings of early babyhood were produced.
What were disposed of dated within tho last
eight or nine years. Tho mimic canon were
very neatly executed, and quite capable of
killing a poodle at fifty yards. A world of
pains had been evidently taken with the
Prince who was to have imicrited the Em
pire of Hie Napoleons, to get Into Uis head,
by menus of object lessons, the technicalities
of Vauban and Cohort). He was given toy
fortresses with toy luucs and demi-luucs;
toy ditches, toy counter-scarps, toy positions
—such aswoods, lulls, and streams, whose tin
bods could bo flushed: toy siege guns, and
endless hosts of toy combatants, capable
of being fastened on movable slabs
in regular or irregular order. Thou ho had t
raised plans of Chalons and
of Luncvillo, with microscopic tents to pitch
on the plateau of the A fortress,
supposed to no Cherbourg, with a glass sea in
front, and a Hoot mauomvered by means of
loadstones, got crushed and broken, and was
final!}’ thrown into aheap of rubbish. Tho
Prince Imperial was fond of marionettes.
His Punch and Judy Theatre, the plaything
that had seen most service, was beautifully
got up. The dramatis persona' included the
usual functionaries, who serve as butts for
Guignol’s witicisms. with the additions of
Kings and Queens of imaginary States, and a
talkative dentist serving as a laughing-stock
j for all those Sovereigns for whom he fetched
I and carried. A military subject taken from
the gallery at Versailles, dedicated to
the glories of the First Napoleon,
adorned the curtain. The sun of Ansterlitz,
flanked by eagles gazing boldly thereupon,
was repeated on many of the largo theatrical
toys. Like three other hcirs-apparenl to the
French Crown, tho Prince Imperial was
thrown by bis exalted isolation into seden
tary occupations when seeking for childish
pastimes. The Grand Dauphin amused him
self in trying to etch, paint, and model.
Louis XV. had a talent for cabinet-making.
Ills grandson, Louis XVI., was a skilled lock
smith and optician. The Prince Imperial, it
is very probable, would have become a first
rate artisan if ho had remained a few years
longer at Hie Tuilleries. Ho was de
barred bv his rank from that whole
some rivalry with boys of his ago which
vent iii out-door games and trials of
strength, fleetuess, wind, and pluck. His
little steam-press used to bo very cleverly
manipulated. In a case belonging to it there
were some imaginary State papers, probably
intended for a practical joke—the V’ork of the
young Napoleon. This press had grown rusty
from long lying in the Garde Meuble, and
was. with njauy other things, knocked down
as old iron.' A‘charming box of small-sized
carpenter’s tools and polished walnut bench
were also the worse for damp and dust.
Along with them were thrown in a bundle
of ivory-handled turning instruments
and some awkwardly-turned peg-tops,
balls, and draughtsmen. Then
there were lock-smiths’ tools mado for little
hands, and locks whoso evident destination
was to be taken to pieces and put together
again. In mv whole life I never saw-3 will
not sav together, but in all the iron-mongers’
shops! have entered put together—so ninny
cooper stew-pans, patty-pans, aanco-paus,
dripping-pans, griddles, boilers, shapes,
skimuung-ladios. roasting-jacks, and other
cooking utensils. The auctioneer, fearing
that if no sold in detail lie would not get
through them in a mouth, disposed of them
by the 200 or 300 pounds’ weight. No de
partment. in the theory of practice, was
so important as that of the bouchc
or rooking department. The amount
of victuals consumed daily in the Tuilleries
must have surpassed in quantity those gi-!
gantic feeds or Gargnntua, Wine-glasses, i
tumblers, teapots, sugar-bowls, and decant
ers were not less uumorous than the culina
ry coppers. But if they were plentiful they
\vero coarse ill quality. There is not much
winC to bo set up at auction. The Emperor’s
cellars weft* extensively requisitioned “for
patriotic purposes” by tbe Government of
national Defence. Without t*Uing hypo
critical stories* tho men of tho Commune, as
Luliiox poetically expressed it, “poured high
the wine of victory” bottled for. thei use of
Imperial personages, After tho wine the liv
eries will bo sold.. They are to wind up the
liquidation of tho civil list.
Nerri Capture of Deer.
Prom tlio La Crosse (Wls.) Republican. Nov. 10.
As tlie «tearner Annie Johnson, of the North
western Union Line, was on her way up from
Prairie tin Chlen, on Saturday, her passengers
ami crew indulged in a chase for a running
buck deer, that was quite as exciting and
amusing as the field sports with “horse and
hound/ of which so much has been written,
in thc.parks of the Old "World. As the steamer
pulled out from Johnson's Landing, the deer
was seen coming down tho bluffs at groat
speed, and when it reached the bank plunged
into the river, and paddled for an island. Tho
Captain saw that there was an opportunity
to “jerk” some venison, and directed the
men to “lower” tho yawls, which they did
in short order and pulled hard lor the ob
ject of tho chase, overhauling the affrighted
animal a few yards from tho Island. Here
was a scene worth witnessing. A man in
the bow of tho yawl seized the deer by the
horns but a yank of tho struggling creature’s
l,port nearly capsized the boat, and would
avo ‘‘Housed''the follow bod;,; and boots”
in the great “Fatherof Waters had not the
howsman in a second yawl came to dm res
cue by grappling the deer’s hornaou the other
side. The two men managed to tarn their
“came'' head to, and succeeded in towing it
to the steamer. The Captain endeavored to
load his Inick alive, but tlijit was found to be
mi easy task, and, after several
tempts, the effort was
throat was then out, and in a fow mimue.
the carcass was placed on
dressed and quartered, and turned over to
the steward for further preparation.
PUGET SOUND.
Tbe Western Terminus of the Northern
Paciflc Railroad.
Excitement and Contest as to its
Olympia. Seattle, Bellingham
Bay, Port Townsend. Etc.
Correspondence of Tbe Chicago Tribune.
Olvmpia, Washington Territory, Oct. 22.
Tbe terminus! the terminus! This is the
universal cry and theme of excitement all
over Puget Sound. There are terminus sa
loons, and bar-rooms, terminus hotels, ter
minus bitters, and cocktails, terminus agen
cies and offices; in fact, all the business of
the country seems to hang upon tno ques
tion of the terminus.
The terminus of what T Why, (the termi
nus of the Northern Pacific Railroad, of
course. The main trunk road splits in two
some hundreds of miles east of the waters of
the Pacific; one branch extending south
westerly to the Colombia River, and the
other going straight on to Puget Sound. The
point where the southern branch strikes the
Columbia River has been already located at
Kalama, some distance below Portland, and
about twenty miles of the roadway has been
graded from that place, while a large corps
of engineers are making surveys through the
mountains for a continuation of the line
cast. Were the Columbia a trustworthy
stream, Kalama would, without doubt, be
come an important place ;but.tho bar at the
mouth of the river is a notoriously bad one,
and ships drawing any depth cannot venture
over it with safety, All the way up to Port
land from the sea the channel is full of shal
lows and quicksands, rendering navigation
unsafe, and throwing Oregon out of the ques
tion in the location of an extensive seaport.
Puget Sound, on the contrary—the entrance
to which is some 200 miles north of the
mouth of the Columbia, through the Straits
of Juan de Fuca, which divide Washington
Territory from British Columbia—is as mag
nificent a bay as any in tho world, and has
deep anchorage everywhere. The. coast line
of the sound, with all its divisions, arms, and
inlets, is over 1,000 miles in length, and good
harbors are numerous. And it is junt here
tbat the trouble comes in in regard to the selec
tion of the probable terminus of the North
ern Pacific Railroad. There are so many
good and eligible sites where tho company
may locate their city, that tho mind of tho
settler, or speculator, is utterly bewildered,
aud closes the investigation entirely be
fogged. Purchasing property at any one
point for a rise, is like buying a ticket in a
lottery.
A company has boon formed in Olympia,
the projectors of which, for some hundreds
of dollars paid by a purchaser, sell a lot in
each of six or eight of the most likely points,
under the supposition that the town must bo
located at some one of them. The railroad
company keep their own counselor, perhaps,
do not know themselves what course tuo
road may take, until the surveys, which are
at present being made through the passes in
the Cascade Range, shall have been com
pleted. The result of this delay is the utter
stagnation of what little business ever was
done on Puget Sound. All tbo land has been
gobbled up long ago, and is held at a high
figure, in expectation; and persons who have
money hoard it up iu readiness to purchase
so soon os the terminus question is decided.
OLYMPIA.
Property-owners in every little town or
hamlet on the shore of Puget Sound are
ready to demonstrate that that town is just
the point, aud has all the requirements nec
essary to insure tho location. First
is Olympia, on the Southern extrem
ityof the sound, —a quiet town of 1,500 popu
lation. and tho capital of tho Territory. It is
the ablest and prettiest place in the country,
and is the residence of all the government of
ficials. Governor Salomon, formerly of Chi
cago, lives there. Olympia would bb tbo
most elegiblo location for the terminus, were
it not that tho tide rises aud falls twenty-live
feet. At high tide, the lower part of the
town is almost under water; and, at low
tide, a ship cannot got within two miles of
j the wharf. This settles tho question iu re
gard to Olympia, though there is probably no
better point for dry-docks aud shipbuilding.
The immense inml-llats, left dry by the re
tiring tide, are literally covered with oys
ters. clams, and muscles, which nfiord sub
sistence to tho tribe of Flathead Indians dom
iciled here. Puget Sound, in fact, swarms
with fish of almost every variety; and, by
the way. the other day I saw, at a fish-mar
ket here, a halibut weighing 300 pounds, and
the hook with which he was caught still in
his mouth at that. How I would like to have
had the job of hauling that fellow iu!
SEATTLE.
Seattle—a lively town of 2,000 inhabitants,
on the eastern shore of tho sound, about
sixty miles north of Olympia—has, probably,
the best location for a seaport of any of the
points, It has a splendid harbor, good an
chorage. and is directly west of tho pass in
tho Cascade Range through which the North
ern Pacific Railroad willlikelycome. Seat
tle is a pretty place,—the houses rising from
the hay upon the hillside like boxes in an
umpitheatre. Tho Territorial College is lo
cated there, and is quite an imposing edifice
for this country, where even the Capitol re
sembles an immpnso wooden barn, or an
overgrown country scbooUbousc. There arc
valuable coal mines at Seattle, aud, back of
the town, two large frcsli*watcr lakes,
both of which are navigable, aud
are surrounded with the finest _ pine
timber in tho world. There is a
rumor here that the government will estab
lish a navy yard upon Lake Washington, as
surveys have been made for that object.
Seattle would, in all probability, be tbo ter
minus, hud its citizens the enterprise to oiler
tlie railroad company two-thirds of thoif
land. Thev have been sounded upon this
point, and tneir refusal will probablybo their
financial ruin, First-class town lots are held
at SI,OOO.
BELLINGHAM BAY.
LcavingSeattle, and still proceeding north
along the eastern shore of Puget Sound, wc
reach Bellingham Bay, also an excellent har
bor, and possessing good coal mines and mag
nificent pine forests. The only objection that
can ho offered to the point is, that it is rather
far down the sound, and is accessible only
through an inlet, which, however, is broad
enough for all purposes of navigation.
PORT TOWNSEND.
Port Townsend, the present port of entry
for Washington Territory, would he the best
point of any for tho location of a metropolis:
but, unfortunately, it is on the wrong side of
the sound. To reach it by railroad, n detour
of perhf x.o a hundred miles would have to ho
made, over mountains and through dense
forests, aud all points on tbo eastern shore
passed by. The harbor is largo and ample,
anchorage good, and it is near the straits
through* which egress is had to tho ocean.
As the Northern Pacific Company have large
landed interests in and around Pdrt Town
send, they may locate tho terminus of the
road there, In spite of its disadvantageous
position,
Beside the places mentioned, there arc
Steilaconm, Port Gamble, and twenty other
towns, all vieiug for the honor of being the
site of the future great emporium of the Pa
cific.
A Qfr.STIOV.
But will this terminus, wherever it may he
located, ever become the great pity some per
sons, and land speculators especially, arc
ready to demonstrate! The completion of
tho Union Pacitlc pricked the bubble in San
Francisco, and Chicago merchants now
undersell California merchants.ft>von up to
the Sierra Kevndas. Will not the same re
sult follow whin tho Northern pacific is
through, and all the trade developed nlqng
the liue How cast, from as far west almost as
the Cascade Range! What is to sus
tain a city upon Puget Sound, be
side its local resources, and its
through Asiatic trade, which is always pvpr
estimated I Who knows when it will reach
the margin of 50.000 population
iitUf-TT OF the snonKS.
Of the beauty of tlioslujres. of Piicot Sound
there can be but one opinion. Sheer preci
pices fall down a thousand feet from the
mountain-tops to the blue waters below
which mirror back every rock, chasm, aud
pine tree. The atpiospherois as transparent
as that ot Naples, and the snowrcovprcd
peaks of Mounts Hood, St. Helen’s, Adams,
uml Hamer are always visible. A commission
of European capitalists visited the country
recently, with George Jl. Sargent. Financial
Agent of the Northern Pacihc Railroad, at
their head. If satisfied, they propose invest
ing fSO.tXU.OOO Jii the road.
LUMBER AND OTHER INDUSTRIES.
Some of the sawmills on Pucet Sound em
ploy a thousand men. Most of the lumber is
shipped to China, Japan, ami South America,
The timber is especially yalpnl'le -for the
masts and spars of vessels; the nue*t in tpc
world, in fact. Many of the trpes _ are two
hundred foot in height, and as straight as a
line. What other t>rahch of ipdngtry the
country will yet develop remains to bp soon,
but assuredly it will npt be agriculture. Per
haps rioh mines may bo discovered, though
prospectors hove fhu& far failed to find cither
gold or silver in paylng.quantitics.EEastt t of
the Cascade range there is a fine grazing
CHICAGO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1871.
Location;
PUGET SOUND.
A LAND LOTTERY.
OTHER POINTS.
country for hundreds of miles, and raising
stock would be a profitable business, were it
not for the limited demand for cattle on the
Pacific coast. Marshall.
GENERAL ROBERT ANDERSON.
Incidents. Attending the -Evacoation or
Fort Sumter— Statements by a Stnthern
Writer,
In an article occasioned .by tbo recent
death of General Robert Anderson, the Sa
vannah (Ga.) Republican says:
44 The writer of this, by invitation of Cap
tain Hartstene, who had commandof the
evacuation ceremonies at pres
ent on that interesting a jubilee on
water never before witnessed in this coun
try. Wo came out of the fort with its com
mander, and subsequently, in the pilot
house of the steamer General. Clinch, to
which be and bis command were first trans
ferred. bad a long and pleasant interview
with the vanquished soldier. He was most
unhappy about the differences, that had
sprung up between the government and his
native South. His situation as a Southern
man had been more trying, but heconsidcred
the highest obligation upon him was to do
his duty as a soldier without reference to his
feelings, He declared to us that no circum
stances could have induced him to tire upon
his countrymen except in defence. The first
shot came from them, and was directed at
the flag which ho was put there to protect;
hence no alternative was left him. We in
quired what would be his policy when he
reached Washington; he replied that alibis
labors should he on the side of peace. In any
event, he had no heart, he said, for war upon
his own countrymen, aud he never did again
enter the field.
44 We inquired of Major Anderson why he
abandoned Fort Moultrie after his positive
engagement with a committee of South Caro
linians not to leave it. His reply was, that
mutual obligations were entered into—he to
remain, aud the Carolinians not to disturb
him while in possession of the fort, lie be
lieved those who gave the assurance acted in
Siod faith, hut they could not control others,
e left Fort Moultrie under reliable informa
tion that, without tho consent of the author
ities of Carolina, a plot had been formed iu
Charleston, hy the more impulsive portion
of the population, to attack the fort in the
rear. He had unquestionable evidence that
such an expedition was on foot, and believ
ing that the work was not defensible, he
evacuated it, aud transferred his garrison to
Fort Sumter.
44 Andjusthere,ifcmay not ho uninterest
ing to relate another circumstance iu
tho samo connection. Late in the
evening, after the Isabel had left for
the bar, with Major Anderson aud his
garrison, the steamer General Clinch, with a
large and enthusiastic crowd on hoard, turned
her prow toward the city. Tho capture of
the fort and garrison was on every tongue,
and thewildeatrojoiciugpervaded the vessel,
many believing the war at an eudand South
ern independence accomplished. On deck
there was a pile of cotton hales, and when
nearing the wharf wo discerned Captain
Hartstene reclining on the top of them, evi
dently musing, and apparently taking no part
in tho general enthusiasm. Passing by, we
addressed him, and inquired if ho felt uuwell
under tho fatigues of the day. 4 No, not
sick,* he remarked, 4 1 was only occupied with
serious thoughts of the future while the rest
are enjoying tho present. lam a Southern
man, and sympathize with my people in their
wrongs; hut 1 have lone been m tnc service
of the United States and know bor spirit ami
power. I was only thinking how terribly she
would avenge this dishonor to her flag/"
THE WHITE SWALLOW.
The Story of Font Play Reiterated in
a Boston Court Boom—Bingalar Bait
Growing out of the Lon of a Vessel.
From the Boston Transcript, Nov. 9.
A more remarkable case than that of the
White Swallow, just tried before Judge Low
ell, appears iu court. The ship was abandon
ed at sea in June last, and the crow, after
spending three days and three nights in
their boats, arrived safely in Fayal. The ship
was on a voyage to Hong Kong. In Septem
ber. the sailmaker of tho shin (a Scotchman,
calling himself Robert Bruce), called on Mr.
Nickerson, one of tho owners, and demanded
SOOO damages for himself and others, declar
ing that if it were not paid he should dis
close facts which would prevent the
recovery of tho insurance. Mr. Nickerson
treatedthothreat with proper contempt. Soon
after tho mate, second mate, steward, and
sailmaker. and two of tho crew, joined in a
libel brought by Mr. E. G. Thomas, an attor
ney of this city, against tho owners of the
ship, iu which they claimed damages to the
amount of from S4OO to S6OO each, on the
ground that the muster had destroyed tho
ship by boring holes in bor. The mate swore
tbat ho saw tour holes bored in the run of
tho ship by the Captain. The sailmaker
(Bruce), the second mute,* and steward testi
fied that they saw the water rushing iu
through tho side of the ship, aud charged the
master with tho crime, aud that he agreed to
pay them S2OO each. Tho mute aud Bruce
gave their depositlbns, and were cross-ex
amined at great length. The. mate produced
a chart with marks upon it, showing the voy
age which ho said was made by tiie master
and himself on board the ship.
Among other tilings it appeared that the
account in many of its details followed the
story of Charles Reade's novel called 44 Foul
Play,” aud that Bruco, a few weeks before
he sailed, read the novel in Chelsea Hospital.
They were called upon to describe the parts
of tho vessel in which they said tho holes
were bored, and their description differed so
materially from that of tho builder of the
vessel and those who loaded her, that it was
pretty clear that they hud never seen it.
They first wont before the grand jury to
have tho Captain indicted, but the grand
jury did not ucliovo their story, aud found
no bill,
Tho case was finally tried before Judge
Lowell, and occupied three days. He decided
that be was satisfied that tbo story was a
fabrication throughout; that the
chart produced _ was _ marked in
Boston. Ho said, iu substance,
among other things, that tho difficulty in the
case was to believe the story the men told.
The witness, Bruce, who had been reading a
novel of great power, goes to sea, and finds a
master carrying out the details of the plot of
that story: speaking with the mate of getting
boats ready before there is any leak: tho mate
carrying an augur below, aud staying there a
longtime; tbo leak thou increasing; the same
thing repeated twice more; the vessel aban
doned a protest read so low tbat the crew
could not bear it. All these things
by point coincident with those of the stirring
book of fiction which tho witness had been
reading. The improbability tbat bo should
happen to find the truth following so closely
ou tup earlier fiction is very great. On this
being pointed out to him he oame iu the
next day and said the master was in the
habit of reading the same story during the
voyage, and that he had often seen the book
lying on the poop. This the Judge thought
was, if possible, more unlikely than the
other statement, because such an act ou the
master’s part would he equivalent to leaving
a printed confession in plain sight of his
crew. The Judge discussed the evidence at
length, and in conclusion said that the broad
facts of absence of motive to commit a capi
tal crime; total contradiction in the mode of
committing it aud the persons by whom it
was committed; and tho evident marks of
fabrication by witnesses who cannot describe
the localities*; contradiction between two op
riosite theories of scuttling the vessel, and of
iniviap lie** vrlion nbc -wua «lry, together with
the evidence of the master, and the logbook
aud the protest-all go to show the story a
fabrication.
Illinois Slats Sabbath School Association
To the Sunday Schools of Illinois:
Ope of the severe losses by the Chicago tire
was the destruction of tlie Illinois Street Mis
sion, superintended by Mr. D. L. Moody. It wa«
an undenominational school, exceedingly fruitful,
one of the model mission schools of the world.
During the past twelve years no man has been
more active in mission work than Mr. Moody.
His whole time has been given to tbc cause. He
ha* labored incessantly, not only for his own
held, but for other enterprises of the kind. His
hands and his voice have ever been at the service
of Schools everywhere. The nation
owes wmm and his destitute parjsh fo rebuild
at once the building that went down in tno great
tire. There will soon be fifty thousand mechan
ics and other* In that section of the city needing
gospel privileges. Ho must have a building.
Chicago has no money. To the Sunday Schools
of Illinois wc appeal. This is peculiarly a Sun-
Pftv School work. Let us assist to build without
delay d Tabernacle fop the people of thosimer
fc»g city, and It will stand a monument of tue
Empathy and love of the Sunday Schools of
America for Chicago in her hour of distress.
All contributions to Uds enTcrprifetf should bo
sent to ibo Treasurer pf the assomtlop. Herbert
Post, Springhalt!. 111.
j. McKee Peeples. President.
HERUE3T Post, Scc’y and Treasurer.
Wm. Rkynoi.i*, Chairman Ex. Com.
P. Gillktt,
a. g. »rv*o.
y*. jAcpns,
Executive Com. B. B. Association.
To the Superintendent:
Will you read the above address to your Sunday
School the first Sabbath alter its receipt, appoint
ing one of the Sabbaths of this month for the ool*
leftlon! upon y Q M whool the necessities
of the mission work, ana lot’ every ihemher have
a share in this noble enterprise.
Pleasa remit the amount to mo promptly, as the
work must commence soon. Sena either by draft.
Post Office order, registered letter, or express.
Hebiiert Post, Treasurer.
ppciptfpchl, tth
The -Veir Xorlhvesi (Montana) of the 4th ay®
Wo aro informed that a Chinaman was hung in
Henderson Gulch, between 12 and 1 o’clock on
Tuesday mprning, under the following olipum
stances Ho broke In the buck door pf a store
and stole
subjected to a citizen's court. The above was
proven. On the question of hanging him, the
rote stood 19 ayes and iSnocs, and the sentence
was thereupon carried into effect."
THE KU-KLUX XL AN.
Titeir Operations in South
Carolina.
Statements by an Illinois Man Doing
Business in the Proclaimed
District.
The following is a letter from an Illinois
Rian, at present engaged in business in South
Carolina, to his brother in this State:'
Chester, 8. c., Oot. si.
This is the head centre of Ku-Klaxiam. I
mean this part of the State. Yorkville is
eighteen miles from here., I was up there
the other day. It is the military head
quarters. There are the prisoners, about 100,
who are in jail. I see some awful lies iu the
New York Herald, viz., that tho__troubles
44 are more of a social than of -ti political na
ture,” and“that General Grant has been im
posed on and deceived, or he would not have
suspended the writ of habeas corpus. And,
again, they say that the courts could enforce
the law, and quiet disorders; and, in the
same breath, they charge that' barn-burning
aud all manner of crimes wore being com-'
mitted by tbo negroes, that the law could
not reach them, and that the Xian was only
a vigilance committee to punish such.
Further, they allege that Radical juries fail
to convict members of the Union League.
The Herald's cormqmndent says he gets all
his information from the most prominent cit
izens. You know lam a Greeley- man, not
Grant. You know that I am opposed
to. anything like arbitrary rule,
lou know that it would be a bad state of af
faire in which I would consent that the great
writ of habeas corpus should he suspended.
You know that I was here two months last
winter, and have been here two this
fall Y and -Jknow tbat T know"something of
the affairs of which I am going to speak. 1 I
know the prominent men. and those that are
notprominent. lam in. business tbat has put
mo in contact with all classes. I know that,
had I come in here as a correspondent of a
paper. I would have hoard just about what
the Herald man heard; for, indeed, I have
heard it often hut that is all I would have
heard.' As it is, though, I have heard some
thing else. And, if he or anyone will just
toko .the trouble to leave the hotels aud go to
the people; for example, if he will go to
Yorkville. and just step out to Colonel
Merrill's headquarters, he will find from ten
to forty men—some prominent and some not
—who will tell him, os they told me. aud os
they will swear in court when the time
comes, that the Ku-Klnx Klan was an organi
zation to prevent men from voting the Re
publican ticket—to prevent Republicans
from holding office that whipping was not
all the means used, but murder was resorted
to in numbers of instances; and tbat many
of the most prominent citizens wore mem
bers. and were engaged in said murders, di
rectly at that.
Youhavo no doubt but the men,the witness
es that I speak of, are negroes, or members of
tho league spoken of. well, if they were,
would you discredit them f I don't see why.
Hut such is not the case. They are members
of the Ku-Klux. Some of them I know to be
men of standing here; some of them were Re
publicans, bat were overawed into joining
the Klan’.
Now about the courts, juries, and so forth.
The juries who try cases are generally mixed,
and there is not a county iu the State which
has not sent numbers of negroes to the Peni
tentiary and I do not believe, from all I can
learn, that there has ever been a negro or
white Republican that has been acquitted
when he was technically guilty, though I
have heard that the Governor has pardoned
several who. his hitter enemies say, lie should
not. You will hear in mind that wo hud
terms of courts in Yorkville and here, just
before the suspension of tho writ. The grand
jury summoned somo of those prominent
mfcn, one of whom swore ho never saw a Ku-
Klux or the disguise worn by the Klan, and
that, if there was any such organization
called the Invisible Empire, or by any other
name, he know nothing of it. Uw said there
had been some persons killed and some
whipped; but ho know nothing of it. He was,
indeed,a prominent man—onepf influence and
attainments. -*Tliat very nian was one of tho
very first arrested, and in his honso were
found his disguise, and letters from the Chief
for this State; and it will be abundantly
proven, by members of the order, that be
voted for and assisted iu executing one of
tho many murders spoken of. To use n
thrase more common than elegant, 44 How is
hat for bight”
I heard only yesterday that tho Yankees
were taking men on negro testimony which
had been bought, and the like. Here is what
a negro, as a general thing, says: Ho saw a
gang of masked men, who took his gnn and
whipped him, or sometimes let him go by his
agreeing never to vote with tho Radicals
again. But he cannot tell, once iu a hundred
times, who any of them were, save by guess.
But they tell on each other; and one of those
prominent men, only Saturday, became so
angry when ho heard it that ho cursed his
own people, and said that if they had stuck
together tho Yankees could not have found
out anything. This he said in tho street, in
the presence of tho Judge who had been
holding court and delivering special charges
to the grand jury, and lamenting that Presi
dent Grant could not bo brought before
them, as ho seemed to know of Ku-Klux in
Chester County, but no one else did.
Remember, none of this evidence could bo
adduced before the Grand Juries: for I toll
you to-day. if tho troops were not here, no
ono who testifies against tbo Klan would live
two days, Tbo ten to forty men spoken of
above are about tbo number that may ho
seen any day waiting to tell what they knew
of tho Klan to which they belonged.
It is true that most of the victims were
men of bad character. But not all. They
would kill a bad man to striko terror to the
rest. You know it is hard to get men to
kill men of good character. Tho Klan noti
fied the officers to resign or be killed. I sup
pose some of the county officers were in
competent; but the Circuit Court Clerk at
Chester was a iman of good character*
and good standing in the church, and his in
tegrity I never have heard questioned. So
the Democrats tell mo. Ho married hero in as
good a family as any. He was ordered away,
and his own friends had him leave to save
his life. The Klan notified him through the
Sheriff, telling tho Sheriff to try to get him
to leave. Well, he left, Aud the prominent
men recommended and had appointed a suc
cessor; and that successor was a man whom
I have seen beastly drunk, and who was a
regular gambler at the faro table last win-
ter*
Lam not for Grant or for any one else. I
don’t believe in re-electing Presidents. But
I tell you that if the Klan is not destroyed,
there will bo no use in trying to. live here.
If the some measures had been used twelve
months ago that are now, the? wonld have
saved numbers of lives, ana would have
saved mo all I have lost here. I have per
sonal friends, who aro Democrats, who told
mo not to let my politics be known, for it
would ruin my business. But my politics
wwre found out by some means, ana I could
not sell my goods, till the loss has just broken
me.
Just think of it! A hand of men ruling
this country for over a year, just as they
please, in defiance of the amendment of the
constitution, which the Democrats say thej*
have long since accepted. I say the Klan
ruled, for the law never reached .any of
them, but did punish all Republicans; and,
if the Herald man will inst look at the
record of the courts, ho will find negroes by
the score punished for trivial offences com
pared with the crimes of the Klan.
It is true that the Klan have not tom nn
the printing press hill, as they did in North
Carolina, because there was none
here, for them to destroy. Also,
it is true that there has-not boon
any act of violence done hero for a long
time; hut why notf Just because their
Sower has hepq supremo none have dared to
ispute it; up man pas avowed his principles
who is iiot for fheni. Republicans have gen
erally given np their private arms, and prom
ised -some friend on whose land they live
that if he will protect them from violence
they wilt never vote again, or will vote for
the Democrats. ‘This I learn from Demo
crats themselves—prominent men, whom the
Herald correspondent has not had the pleas
ure of yet seeing. But these very meq say
they ddu’t know who the' Ku-Klttx fcVo 5 but
they know that, if they let it be known that
the negro is under their protection and will
vote right,.the Klan will not hurt him. So
yon see that; as between the Herald man and
mvsclf, my chances for information are a
gopg dpaj upper his, to say'the least of
I know there is more than SO,OOO majority
for the Hepublicans in the State; but, had
there been an election two months ago, the
Democrats would have carried it, auph is the'
power of the organization 'spoken 01, They
arc generally vetbra'fi Sbldion, sud have the
best arms known,
Election frasdx in Jf«w Vork and
Brooklyn.
yrcjtx the If ew York Tribune. 2\o v. u.
At the meeting ortho Executive Committee
of the Democratic Keforpi General Commit
tee. held m Apollo Hail, bn Wednesday last,
ILL. Clinton and Abraham R. Lawrence, of
U3 XaAsan appointed to receive
information concerning illegal voting at the
last election. S 1 he committee call upon all
citizens possessed'©! such information to for
ward it to tlmt''place. They claim that at
least 15,000 '♦King "-votes were fraudulentlv
castor counted, and theyhayealready do-
jeiMmtoiSr got them
all punished. The police, they say, were
very remiss during election, and. feeling
themselves mostly under the protection
of Tammany, strove with much suc
cess to overawe Reform voters.
The committee refuse to furnish the names
of the men who arc accused of repeating, as
they do not wish to give the culprits warning.
A specimen of the frauds that are to be devel
oped is found in the fact tbat, iu some pre
cincts wblcb were reported as giving but one
or two votes for Si gel, 20 or 30 men eamo for
ward aud say that thev cast their votes for
him.
From the Brooklyn Eagle, Nov. io.
Among the witnesses who testified before
the Committee of Five was Alderman
Weekes, of the Twenty-first Ward. Ho in
formed the representative ot the Eagle that
the returns of the Fourth District. Twenty
fourth Ward, were stolon yesterday. He fur
ther claimed that there was repeating in that
district, and that he would produce a man
who would swear that a handful of votes
were thrown by Policeman Larry Mc-
Cann among the ballots while being counted.
He made the following statement concerning
Sergeant Cameron:
44 A colored man came to the Sixth District.
Twenty-first Ward, to vote. His residence
was called for and ho gave the information
required. The man who owned the house in
which the colored voter lived vouched for the
truth of this statement. Sergeant Cameron,
who was pedliup tickets, turned to one of his
men and said: 4 Take this man to the station
house and lock him no.' He was taken away
from the polls and-did not deposit hia vote.
On speaking to the sergeant of the outrage,
he replied: 4 I will take all chances for my
party.' He is a Democrat. The otheroflicere
acted in a like manner.”
The committee took testimony and resolved
to refer questions of fraud to committees
from each of the wards where repeating is
charged, with the understanding that coun
sel is to be employed to prosecute offenders.
MODERN CRUSOES.
The Loss of the Jlcgtrra—The Crew Jsnnd
on an Island in the South Pacific—lnter
esting Account ofThcir Experience*
The British Admiralty have received for
the first time since the occurrence, an ac
count of the loss of the troop-ship Megjera,
and the means adopted hv her crew tolivc on
the almost uninhabited island of St. Paul un
til a ship took them off. The Mega*ra sailed
from England in February last, in a very nn
seaworthy condition, owing to the neglect of
the British naval authorities. When off* the
Island of St. Paul, in the South Pacilie Ocean
—about I.SOO miles from Australia—the ship
was found leaky and breaking up, and it was
determined to abandon her. Cant. Thnipp
tells in the form of a diary the following in
teresting story of the lauding of the crew on
the Island of St. Paul; and how they lived
there a month:
On Sunday (Juno 18), at 9:15 a. m., T turned the
hands up, read prayers, ami then informed the
ship's company that the ship was not lit to pro
ceed on her voyage, and ordered xirovisious and
stores to be at onco lauded.
At about noon the divers succeeded in putting
a plate on. and nearly stopped the leak. I then
Sot a Frenchman living here to pick out a nearer
erth for the ship to the shore, where the whalers
generally anchor, and the anchor might not get
foul of the rocks; we shifted into 81-2 fathoms,
sandy bottom, with good shelter from the Ninepin
Rock.
tVq landed most bf ourprovialous the first dav,
and employed the men at night tilling coal-bags
ready to be lauded in the morning. We also kept
men at work tilling the store-rooms and
troop-decks, and everything wo esarid from
the lower part of the ship, keeping fhe
going at the same time. At daylight on
Tuesday, the 20th of June, lowered boats, ami
went oul landing stores all day; during the night
wo had been hoisting all we could above tho
water. Many casks of lime, point, oil, are under
water, some shell and powder. Tho sails were
all saved, and most of the slops and bails some
arc wet and damaged. I hox>e to get up many
things yet by using the diver. Though wine and
beer stores of all sorts were landed together, I
have not heard of anything being missing or any
drunkenness, tho officers and wen both working
willingly. Some officers were tilling coal-bags,
working under tho main deck, where wb had
opcnedlt to get out coal for condensing.
There are several sheds and. houses on shore 1
that, with tents, have enabled us to get many
stores under cover. Two shore boats were
manned, loaded, and discharged by some of the
office rs entirely.
We have about 12.000 pounds of bivad and about
six weeks* Hour. So the men arc on ouc-thlrd al
lowance of these provisions, or using one bag per
day, they will last 130 davs. We have found
3,000 pounds of rico on the islands beside, Of
mm and other provisions we have more than
four months*. Any quantity of lish. (’ravflsh
can be caught, and water, our chief difficulty,
has been found in abundance. Twenty men can
fetch for everyone in two hours. This is rain
waiter, but it rains frecmcntlv during
four muutus.
I Juno 24.—Tho draft of wader, 12 feet 0 inches
1 forward, 15 feet engine-room, 17 feet 8 Inches aift.
Punished Jethro Spear, ordinary second-class
(second-class for conduct), with forty-eight lashes
for refusing to work. This is the only ease of In
subordination that has occurred.
The condensing arrangements are now com
plete. Three hundred gallons with coal, iso gal
lons with turf, can be made dully; but as long as
a supply can be obtained from the wells by moans
of hose, wo do nut intend to use any co*als; the
turf cut and dried wo 11ml answers for fuel, using j
a little wood as well. I
This afternoon all tho men, with their bags
aud hammocks urn under tents and well protect- 1
od from tbe weather, though about 40 men and 13 i
officers are still living on board. As soon as suf
ficient tents and houses are erected, all will be
landed.* They an* quite able at present to live on
board, but the smell of bilge water is increasing.
1 therefore propose in a few days to land every
one.
Sunday, June 25.—Road prayers on board. The
wind very light I consider to bo the cause of
heavy rollers coming in, there being no lee side to
the island unless a strong westerly wind is blow
ing. Tbe First Lieutenant mid prayers on shore.
Daring tho afternoon the weather was better for
landing. Iso work was carried on, the day being
Sunday.
Monday, 20.—Sent a party of 100 men to finish
hoisting up a studding-sail-boom for u flagstaff;
signal men and a party of marines to curry water
I from the water-pools to the starting hose at the
1 top of tho elltf, Btso feet above the cliff, are quar
tered there, under canvas, with turf sides to their
tents.
Wo have completed the length of hose the whole
distance, 860 feet, to tho camp this day. and the
water runs down freely in about ten minutes, be
ing a great saving of sending men all tbe way to
the top with barrlcoes.
It is estimated that there arc about 100 wild goats
on the island, a large quantity of mushrooms,
somo few cabbages and potatoes. There arc hot
fresh water springs, strongly Impregnated with
sulphur, aud not healthy to drink, but verv well
suited for washing, with a clay close to it that
lathers well and makes excellent soap. This
well is within a quarter of a mile of the encamp
ment.
There are only five men at present on the sick
list, with sores and wound*. The climate, as far
as we can judge at present, is very healthy; great
care has been taken that any men getting wet
are shifted immediately.
One red light has been seen at nig it, and two
ships passed the-island on Fi'day, the 23d Inst.
Wo tired guns and sent a oat uut, but they
passed too far off to recal' them. A “sea mes
sage” has been prepared, and we trust to send
it adrift shortly, as well as using two lifebuoys
f*r the same purpose.
June 29. —Commenced imlhling largo barracks;
abandoned ship; all hands encamped on shore. I
have, Ac., Airmen Tuuurr, Captain.
P. S.—oth July, 1871.—Encamped at Sr. rani’s.
Tho divers have been at work ever since the 27th
of June; they could-not get Into the magazine,
but have recovered from the forepart of the ship
a great quantity of tho cargo. In one day they
got up three colls of rope, four wooden casks,
twelve hales, two rolls of lead, two tuln-s, four
teen casks of oil, eleven casks of tar. This was
the most recovered in any one day. Some of tho
wot bales contained hummocks, others canvas,
flags, stockings, serge and duck; these arc all be-
I lug opened, dried and sown up In canvas. Nearly
1 altthe marine clothing packed in casks could not
be got at before the ship grounded; they are
nearly all wet, and not lit for issue. Cases of
mess traps have been opened. oiled/ aud repack
1 ed, more or leas damaged. The new sails for the I
Clio, Blanche, and Rosirio I had hoped to save j
from being used at all; but the weather is socold,
the Megiera’s sails so thin and worn, the men
I getting wet at night, that I reluctantly gave per
-1 mission for these new sails to bo used to cover
stores and tcqts, with orders not to cut any of
jthem; hut! am afraid they will get very much
I damaged from exposure to the weather. It Is a
I question of health or saving of sails I think tho
former most important. Every lilt of canvas, ex
cept new in bolts, has been used to shelter men
and officers. Probably they will bo here form my
months. The thermometer is below 48 s at night,
and the weather wet and stonur. A leading
stoker got wet in his tent, last night, and is suf
fering acutely from rheumatism: others have
haddlarrhcca.and somo slight attacks of dysentery
among the officers; but there are only eight on
the sick list ut present, owing lo the great care of
the modioal men attending, inspecting, aud see
ing tents arc kept clean and dry.
On Thursday, the 6th of July, u large old build
ing. containing stores and candles, was blown
down by tho violence of the wind. The men in
side escaped without injury, crawling out from
among the ruins: it was built of loose stones.
The same day I had to recall the working party
from tho shin because the bar was so bad. Many
of the roads have been repaved, and pieces or
ground levelled ready for building. One or two
small houses of atone erected as well as those for
the officers. Parties* of men and officers are fish
ing in boats, and. flslu caught arc served out by
the ship’s steward, one pound to each iqaq as far 1
as they .will go. From uq to loti pounds are
caught byThls mean* everyday. Still.having 1
liecn hero now three weeks, and not having been
i able to send word of onr want of provisions, I
have thought it advisable to reduce the allovr
-1 once of provisions. The men have now only four
ounces of biscuit, half a poitud of salt or pre
served meat, half an allowance of tea every other
day, quarter allowance only of sugar. Lime
j ulfcc, without sugar, is served out every other
day,, No flour issued at all i but. having
plenty of cocoa, they have that instead of their
tea pv'ery other night.
The men’s clothes suffer very mnen from the
hard work they have had, carrying water barri
oocs, digging, cuttiugtnrf, rolling casks, working
n mud over their boots or shoes. I have ordered
canvas leggings tq ho mado to save their trous
-1 crjj. -(fho boats require constant repair; one cut
tor,’ a very old boat, is so damaged that she can
not be repaired. A great number of bottles,
weighted, with lead, with a tin (lag above the
cork, containing ap account of our position, have
been thrown overboarti from our life-boat some
mite«outatsea,as well ns one life-buoy andn
barrlcoer more bottles'are ready, and will be
sent from time to time.
A second tank has I icon strengthened to nsc as a
boiler, another sunk below high-water mark for
condensing, and an additional quantity otpipiug
laid down by tho engineers. Their men are also
employed in cutting, drying, and stacking turf.
The blacksmiths fife constantly employed re
pairing spades; nearly all -we had Lave been
NUMBER 100.
broken. Our work is much delayed by the few
picks ami »pmlea_woJmve.
Parties have been sent out to collect different
grasses, with herbs, dandelions, and other substi
tutes for ordinary vegetables that can be found,
to prevent the men from suffering from scurvv.
as there is very little lime-juice left. They Lave
succeeded in cooking some tolerable vegetables
The weather Uhs been very cold indeed—below 4*
degrees, with snow, lying on the ground at the
signal station; continual hall in squalls for nearly
a week, accompanied by wild, stormy weather
During the bad weather very few ilsh have been
Caught.
The crew remained on the island, looking
anxiously for a sail— until July lt>, a mouth
after they had sighted laud, when a vessel
was reported in sight. It proved to be the
Aurora, a Dutch ship, and a life-boat, with
Lieutenant Jones ou board, was sent to com
nmnicate with her. The life-boat returned,
leaving Lieutenant Jones on the Aurora, and
brought word that the Aurora would take
twenty men. The Aurora, however, disap
peared in the night, hut Lieutenant Jones,
on reaching land, sent a vessel to the relief
of the Megmra’a ill-fated crew.
SPONTANEOTJS HYDROPHOBIA;
Post mortem Examination—ln the Dlhciuc
Incurable—Speculation* Concerning the
Wonrall Poison as n cure for This mys
terious Disease.
From tbe Cincinnati Commercial. Nov. 9.
The death of James Bradford, late of Mays
ville, Kentucky, from hydrophobia, has crea
ted considerable interest among the medical
fraternity of this city, mainly ilue to the sup
position that it was a case of spontaneous
hydrophobia.
The victim of this mysterious disease came
to tho Hospital of the Good Samaritan ou
Sunday afternoon last; in company with his
brother. He walked to tho hospital unaided,
and presented himself at tho office of Dr.
Reade, the resident physician, seemingly
perfectly rational. He complained of a sore
throat, but pave as tho reason-for his coming
to tho hospital that ho was suffering from
tho effects of a hurt by a hale of
cotton falling on him. The soreness
of tho throat increasing, and' the patient
looking nervous, Dr.. Reade suspected
it might be a case of hydrophobia. To as
certain iho fact, but to avoid exciting the
fears of the patient, Dc. Reade inquired if
he was hungry. Bradford said ho could not
eat. Could ho drink 1 The patient talked
nervous and excited, and replied he could
not. Dr. Reade then| consulted with Dr.
Webb, of tho Hospital, and the conclusion
they reached was, that it was a genuine case
of hydrophobia. When water was offered to
the patient he turned away his head and be
came greatly excited. All reasonable doubt
being removed that the patient wassuffering
from this mysterious ana terrible disease, he
was removed to a private room in the hospi
tal and his cuso was confided to Dr. Whitta
ker. Monday evening tho patient became
worse ho grew delirious, and his paroxysms
became very violent. It was deemed neces
sary to handcuff him to prevent mischief to
himself and those around him. About 12
o’clock his face became suffused, and present
ed a dreadful appearance: his eyes protrud
ed, and the skin and muscles of the upper
jaw were greatly contracted, distinctly allow
ing the teeth. The paroxysms increased in
violence till twenty minutes to 9, when
death released him from his sufferings.
The patient was treated by Dr. Whittaker,
with hypodermic injections of atropia and
morphine, six grains of each being used.
These injections were repeated six times, not
however, with any hope of effecting a cure,
but simply to afford relief, in which they
were measurably successful. In one of the
intervals of quiet the patient declared that it
seemed he had been in heaven.
The case presented an instance of unques
tionable hydrophobia, without any history
of a bite. Neither the patient nor any of his
friends knew anything of his having been
bitten, either recently or at any time during
bis life. After the first paroxysm ho frequent
ly exclaimed that ho was a dead man. He
seemed very suspicious of everything around
him. The sight of Lind, water or ice produced
paroxysms. His ease was deemed boneless
from the first by Drs. Reade. Webb. Whit
taker, Dawson, Graham and Professor Bartli
olow.
The pont mortem examination which was
made in the lecture ball of the hospital, un
der the direction of Dr. Whittaker, revealed
no abnormal symptoms. The brains and the
active viscera underwent a rigid scrutiny—
at least so it seemed to an unprofessional eye
—but no trace of the subtle poison was dis
covered, and we believe never has been in
any case of po*l uwrlcin examination when
death has occurred from hydrophobia.
Knowing that this disease is generally re
garded bv t.be
we nave condensed from Waterton s Lssays
on Natural History, recently published in
England, an account, of the wourali poison,
which, he believes, will bo found to be a
remedy for this disease.
Waterton undertook a long and perilous
JonrnlT into the interior of Guiana, partly
for natural history explorations, but mainly
to obtain some pure wourali poison. This
famous composition is used by the Indians
of Guiana to envenom their arrows, and the
history of its deadly ctVects was one of the
astonishing (ales which'the early voyagers
in the days of Sir Walter Kaleigh told to
wondering listeners on their return. Water
ton believed that a substance so powerful
would have medicinal virtues, and would
move a specific for hydrophobia and tetanus.
Frightful spasm is the prominent symptom
of those awful maladies; complete quies
cence is the effect of tho administration of
wourali.
Waterton penetrated into districts never
before trodden by a civilized explorer, and
from the Indians, who alone knew the paths
of thoscdenaoforests.be obtained the mys
tery of the wourali poison,
A day or two before the Maconsbi ludaui
prepares his poison, he goes into the forest in
quest of the ingredients. From a vine called
the wourali, growing in these wilds, the
principal ingredient is obtained. To this the
Indian adds certain roots of a very hitter
taste, and others containing a green and glu
tinous juice, twospecies of ants—one a large,
black ant so venomous that its sting pro
duces a fever, the other a little red ant that
stings like a nettle—he then adds the pound
ed fangs of tlie labarri snake and the conna
couchi snakes. The poison is then prepared
as follows; The wourali vines and the roots,
after being scraped into thin shavings, are
put into a kind of colander made of leaves,
over which water is nonred. The liquor that
comes through has the appearance of coffee.
The juice is squeezed from the roots, and last
ly the snake fangs, ants ami some pepper are
bruised and thrown in. The mixture is then
placed on a slow lire, and as it boils, more
of the juice of the wourali is added, as may
be found necessary. It remains on the fire
till reduced to a thick syrup of a deep brown
color. When it has arrived at this state, a
few arrows are poisoned with which to test
•its strength.
Waterton supposed that the addition of the
fangs and ants was a superstitious delusion
of the Indians.
No entirely successful experiments, as far
as we know, have been made with the won
rali poison on a human being laboring under
hydophobia, but Professor Sewell, of the Ve
teniiarj* College of Loudon, after having
made certain experiments with this poison,
declared before Sir Joseph Banks and a large
company of scientific gentlemen, that were
he unfortunate enough to be bitten by a mad
dog. and become infected with hydrophobia,
he would not hesitate one moment in naving
the wourali poison applied, as he felt confi
dent that its application would prove suc
cessful.
A DASTARDLY OUTRAGE.
The Criminal Hunted Down and Lyuchcdi
From the Sfdalia (ilo.) Bazoo, Kov. 6.
On Sunday, the sth inst., at au early hour
in the day. a negro called at the house of Mrs.
Bass, a widow lady, living on a farm, one
mile south of Windsor [a small Tillage twenty
miles from Sedalin], and inquired for work,
and on being informed that she had no work
fur him he left.
In the evening, the family, consisting of a
daughter and a young man, u nephew of Mrs.
Bass’, went to Windsor to church, leaving
Mrs, Bliss and a little boy of tender years at
home.
About 8 o’clock in the evening Mrs. Bass
had occasion to go to a bedroom adjoining the
kitchen, and on opening the bedroom door
was confronted by a burly negro, who she
at once recognized as'the same one there in
the morning. The negro seized Mrs. B.
by the hands, with. the lamp still in
her hand, and demanded her money,
which she refused, or told him she
did not have, find commenced to shout
for help. At this the negro grasped her by
the throat mid gave her a most unmerciful
choking, and attempted to commit a crime
which, for horror, has no equal in a civilized
world. Tl\c negro asked where her daughter
was, whereupon Mrs. B. told him she was at
church, andthat she was expecting her home
momentarily. This was tuld the negro to
intimidate him, fearing that help for the lady
would arrive. The ruse had the desired
effect,’ and he vanished in the darkness of the
night.
A short-time after this some neighbors
passed, returning from church; they were
told what lyul occurred, and retracing their
steps to Windsor, gave the alarm. Many
bravo and stalwart men immediately saddled
their horses and started in pursuit of the
bend, and hunted the night long unsuccess
fully. In the morning many more joined in
the chase. Telegrams giving descriptions
were sent to Calhoun and Clinton. A mes
sender was despatched to Sedalialto put our
police on the lookout. Parties m the
for six or seven miles around
w incisor, and people at Calhoun joined
the searching party till they all
numbered over one hundred persons, and at
anout four o clock in the evening of the 6th,
the object of their search was discovered be
tween Clinton and Calhoun, bv Colonel
James Finks of Calhoun, asleep, lie was ar
rested and taken to Windsor on the "express
train bound east, on the evening of the Oth
inst.
On the arrival of the train at Windsor, in
which the negro was, a crowd ol two or three
c&uß^Tb°iooa were gatbered toßether
The negro was in charge of Newton Dong
\lr ri5 St ni ,le i' wb summoned the help of
ntl th e tm started with the
Slefortn. an ““Tense crowd of peo
ple, for the residence of Mr; Morris Harter
o?nnSn aW of i Jlra Bass Where that lady was
stopping, about one-half mile north of
Windsor. o„ the Sedalia road
On presenting the negro to
B. she immediately recognized
the one at her house on Sumfay moming,and
also the one who had attacked her the night
previous. The officers started on their re
turn for Windsor with the prisoner and
some one throw a rope arsuud his neck
whereupon it was cut by Douglass ami
afterward several unsuccessful attempt*
were made by ?ho mob to fasten the rope to
his neck, but were thwarted in their efforts
by the ollicers till within a quarter of a milo
of the town, when the ollicers were taken
forcibly from the prisoner, who was then at
the mercy of the crowd. A rope was soon
around his neck, and ho was swung to the
limb of a cherry tree, ou the east side of tho
road'. The limn broke and tho body came to
the ground; and while he was on the ground
two pistol shots wero fired throngKhls head,
lie was again swung to another limb on the
same tree, and then breathed his last.
THE INDIAN. QUESTION.
fttcrctnry Delano's Letter Relating to the
Apache*,
Washington (Nov. 101 to the* New York
Till- follmviiiß is tlmmiieial letter 6f Secre
tin-} Delano to tho President, which forms
the basis of the action which in future ™II
control m the management of Indian affairs
m Arizona:
Department of the Interior. I
Washington, i>. c.. Nov. t.isti.
Sir: X have the honor to transmit herewith a
copy of the communication addressed to this
Department by Hon. Vincent Colyer, one of
the Board of Indian Peace Commissioners wno
recently visited Arizona, wherein he states his
views in relation to tho Apache .Indian*,
and describes certain tracts of country
in Arizona and New Mexico, which* during
Ids recent visit to said Indians he has selected
to be setap\rt as reservations for their use. Os
authorized to do by orders issued to him before
visiting the Apaches. I have the honor to re
commend. in pursuance of the understanding
arrived at in our conversation with the Secretary
of War on the 6th Instant, that tho President issue
an order authorizing said tracts of country de
scribed In Mr. Colyer’s letter to bo regarded as
reservations for the settlement of. the Indians
untlHtis otherwise ordered. I have the honor
also to suggest that proper officers of tho War
Department bo directed to notify the various
bands of roving Apaches that they are required
to locate upon the reservations Immediately, and
that upon so doing they will bo fullv protected
and provided for by the government to long as
they remain on said reservations, and preserve
po.u ible relations with the government, each
other and the whifo people, ana that unless they
comply with tho request they will not be thus pro
vided for and protected. I suggest that
they also be notified that they
will not bo permitted to send their
old men, women and children on snch reserva
tions, and permit their young men and braves to
go upon the war path. I bog also to request that
the proper officers of tho War Department bo in
structed to notify the white people of Arizona and
Now Mexico of this determination of the govern
ment to preserve, if possible, peace lietween tho
whites and the Indians, and that neither will bo
allowed to depredate or trespass upon the other
with impunity; mid that so long and so far as tho
Indians comply with these requirements of tho
f;ovonuucnt. and settle upon these reservations
•efore indicated, and conduct themselves peace
ably thereafter; they will be protected by the gov
ernment to the full extent of its power, and no
longer. I beg also to inform you that it is the in
tention of this Department to communicate a
copy of this letter to the Superintendent of
Indian Affairs for Arizona and New Mexi
co, itud to direct tho Superintendent
or Indian Affairs for Arizona to remove his head
quarters immediately to the headquarters of tho
commanding officer of the Departancut of Arizo
na, and to request him to co-operate fully with
the officer in charge of the troops in Arizona In
the execution of the purpose of the government,
as communicated m this request, provided the
views herein expressed shall nave the approba
tion of the President and the War Department.
I would further suggest Unit theWarDepartment
will, for tho present, select some suitable and dis-
erect otNcer of the army to net as Indian Agent
for any of the reservations in Arizona which may
l»e occupied by the Indians under tho orders here
in contemplated. Such a gents will be superseded
by persons hereafter appointed by this depart
ment. at such times as the President may hereaf
ter deem proper. Very respectfully, your obedi
ent servant, C. Dclaxo, Secretary.
To the President.
PERSIA.
The Sullcringa of the People bf the Groat
Famine,
The following account of tho famine in Per
sia is taken from a statement made at a pub
lic meeting recently held in London to raise
money for the relief of tho sufferers;
“The lamentable famine now raging in
Persia, and threatening to carry oil* hundreds
of thousands of tho scanty population of that
extensive kingdom, has been caused by tho
unparalleled drought which has prevailed
throughout the country during the fast three
years.
.“In ah arcajfar exceeding that of Great Brit
ain and France together no river of any im
portance exists, and the quantity of ram in
the spring and summer is insignificant. In
ordinary years, however, the fall of snow lie-
ween November and March is considerable
spring ami summer it tills»ttie watercourses
and small canals from which the peasants ir
rigate (heir crops. The soil in the valley is
naturally fertile, and a little labor insures a
large harvest if only the winter snowfall has
been abundant. This, unhappily, has for the
last two or three years been singularly want
ing: tho springs, watercourses, ami rivulets
have been completely dried up, the corn sown
over and over again lias been blasted, tho
supplies in the country have been exhausted,
and famine, with disease iu its train, is now
rapidly doing its deadly work.
“The whole population of Persia has re
cently been estimated at about 4,000,000, a
large proportion of whom are Eolyants, wan
dering tribes who correspond to the Bcda
ween of Arabia and Mesopotamia. These
Kolyauts principally inhabit the southern ami
eastern parts of the empire, where tho
drought nas been most severe. Their means
of subsistence depend mainly on their (locks
and herds, which have now., in some; places,
altogether perished, owing to the total want
of grass on the mountain slopes and in the
valleys. Tho most pitiful destitution, and
the most appalling mortality are tho results.
The towns have suffered scarcely less. At
Bushire, where relief is most easily
allorded, and where much has been
done uiuler the auspices of tho British
Minister, deaths by starvation an* of daily
occurrence. It is reported that the popula
tion of Kazeroon, lately estimated at ton
thousand, has fallen during these days of
visitation to one-tifth that number: that in
round numbers some four thousand havo
died of famine since this time last year, and
a like number have fled the place. *A similar
condition of affairs exists at Shiraz, Koon-
iesln r, and more or less all over the large
provinces of Kirmau and'Khorassan. 'whiio
oven in the less atllicted northern districts
most lamentable distress pr» vails. It is re
ported that in the city ot Ispahan alone no
less than twelve thousand people have died
of want, and more than double that number
in the province. No material improvement
can be looked for until next spring.”
A $600,000 LawNDit Settled.
From the Sprin.irilclil Nov. 10,
A few days since a lawsuit involving about
and which at one time promised to
be of interminable length, was properly ad
justed in the Gallatin Circuit Court, in this
.State. Mr. Orville Pool, an old and wealthy
citizen of Shawneetown. 111., died, seized of
an estate worth $(500,000, to be divided he-*
tween two of his children, a son and daugh
ter, leaving two of his children (daughters)
almost nothing. By his will Mr. Pool left
to his sou Marshall, and to a daugh
ter. wife of R. W. Townsend, Esq., of Me-
Leausboro, 111., all his property (after tak
ing out his widow’s share), amounting to
about $(500,000, virtually cuttmgoll the other
two children, both of whom are married.
Upon probating the will this state of afiairs
was discovered, and the son and Mrs. Town
send at once determined to divide the prop-'
orty equally between tho four children, and
so ottered, upon condition that the nmonnt
given to the two daughters excluded by the
terms of tins will should go to the daughters
and their chidren, aud no one else. This
oiler was made with a view of adhering as
nearly as possible to the spirit and intention
of the will. Prom some cause or
other the proposition was' not accept
ed, and the disinherited daughters
began suit to break the will. The Hon. W.
J. Allen ami Judge Mnlkey, of Cairo, were
employed by the plaintiff. and the lions,
.las. 0. Robinson, of-this city, and John
Schollield rf Clark Comity, for the defend
ants. The ease was to have been tried at
the late term of the Gallatin Circuit Court,
but better counsel prevailed, aud after
a conference of tho parties, the plaintiffs
dismissed their suit ana accepted the original
proposition of Marshall Pool and the Town
sends, by which they each received $150,000,
being one-half of tho entire $1500,000, which
by the terms of the will was left entirely to
the two children mentioned.
Ancient Brcordii Hcmtorcd.
From the Detroit Tribune, Jfov. 11.
During ihe war of 1813 the book of record
m the county of Wayne were captured by
the British when they took this city. Yes
terday these records, running from 1766 to
ISI3, were returned hither, bavins, since the
war, been retained in Canada, chiefly'in the
registry at Sandwich, opposite the lower
part of the city. WTieu Mr. Alonzo Katun
became Register of Deeds for this county he
commenced measures for the restoration of
.he records, mid after some two years effort
he succeeded iu his object. Tie lirst called
the attention of Senator Chandler to the
matter, who brought it l»eforo Hamilton
r ish, the Secretary of State, The latter ad
dressed a note to Mr. Thorptou, the British
Minister, asking him to take the action re
quired in the matter. Thelatterdireetedthe
attention of the Canadian Gownijuent to
the question; and the members of that gov
ernment were found entirely willing to sur
render the books if it could legally no done.
It appears, however, that, a law exists in
Canada forbidding the removal of any rec
ords from the registry offices under any cir
cumstances, It was, therefore, concluded
that the government could not order the
books removed, and, to secure the object
aimed at by Mr. Katou. legislation from tho
Province of Ontario would bo required. Ac
cordingly, a bill for the restoration of tho
books was passed at its last session by the
Legislature of Ontario; and they haveheen
returned. Such. Canadian records as they'
copied into other books,
and are retained in. the registry at Sand
wich.