the farm and garden.
E, cry Woman Ilrr Own Flower*Gor
dt-Dd —Arl«»inn IVrlla and the Stale
<;«ologl*«—ftingnr from the Beet-Root—
Slluiion of Soil—Vnrioaa Conditions
IVrc(M>ary to Muccess,
iTom Oar Agricultural Correspondent.
t CIUXPAiOK, lIL, Nov. 25.
“Every woman her own flower-gardener,”
anti wl»y not T She lost her position in “the
ilower-garden” because she was intent after
Ihe apples; but 'undoubtedly tboso apples
were pencilled in beauty.with the warm
kisses of the sun. The painter can make but
a poor imitation of the colorings of either
fruit or flower: and the apples of Eden, no
doubt, presented both the useful and the
beautiful, and, therefore, I am the last to
blame her. lint it is said this brought upon
all of us the curseoobf b labor. Conceding this,
time are left to woman the beautiful llow
cis—ilowers that sho so fondly loves; then
why not allow her to tend her own flowers,
and to belter own llower-gardcncrT So says
-Daisy EycbrigUt,”* who 'hue written a
i banning little book with this title, that is
published by 11. T. Williams, editor of the
lloriiatUurM, New York city.
The author is not only practical, but has
made the work attractive, by showing us
the value and beauty of ilowers. Flowers
baveavalue; for the man or woman who
knows no love of flower* i* iu a sad way, ami
liable to be looked on with distrust.
Daisy Eyebrighi” was one of the party
on our return from Colorado last August.
On the great, treeless plains; aloug.thc Foot
-Gills; in the deep canons, walled iu with
“old red sandstone;” up to where the little
rockbtU st niggles with the show and ice that
crown the granite that pierces the clouds,
r she gathered the wild-flowers to till her
'licibaieum, and secured the ripe seeds, that
these new beauties might be mingled with
the old favorites at home. Such a lover of
floweis is she, with long years of experience,
for Daisy” is a matron who has her own
yomis daisies around her, and thus
and appreciates the value
.of flowers in the household. Tho
v, ork is not, therefore, a piece of school-girl
sentimentalism, but a practical treatise for
those who need instruction on this useful
subject of the adornment of home, and the
.secret of how roses arc brought back to the
checks of our wives and daughters by the
planting and training of other roses.
pur lemr.lc friends have of late years been
running so much after dre>s that the flower
garden lias been almost lost sight of. A home
in the country is not a home without trees,
ami plants, and flowers, and yet how many
of our farm houses are destitute of them, la
the making of a new home, we must first
look to the useful; but it does not become a
home until we add the beautiful.
On the drv plains, in the deep aud secluded
valh ys, and high upon the mountain side the
All Falhir plants the flowers, and these may
Imd and blossom without the eye of mau to
look upon them as though they were planted
lor His use aud gratification; but when man
spreads his dominion over them, they
are dwarfed unless wo give them
his most kindly care. The plow aud pastur
age leave us noxious weeds; aud to keep
the beautiful flowers they must be taken in
to the household, and have the care of loved
ones. There is, then, a propriety aud ncees
sily that woman should he her owu llower
cardcner, and thus weave the beautiful
with the useful in our country homes. Wo
thank thee, Daisy Eyebright,” for thy time
lv lessons in floral art; aud may thy little off
ering be everywhere appreciated, that its
kindly influence may draw the family ties
closer around ns.
ARTESIAN WELLS AXH THE STATE GEOLOGIST.
In The (daily) Tribune of the ISth lust.,
Professor Worlheu, our State Geologist, re
plies to a suggestion in my letter of the 13th.
I was well aware that the State Geologist
had given the subject of artesian wells some
incidental attention, but not that attention
that is at present required. The condition
of things have somewhat changed since the
Geological Department of tho State was or
cauizcd. Its chief -adject was to seek for
mineral treasures -in, our rock snata; and
Mibscqneutlv, as the ‘coal-field began
lo develop, that, also become an interesting
point of investigation. Cultivation has
modified the climate, and the upper veins of
our water supply have failed us, aud we now
seek the aid of geology to help ns iu our new
difficulty. The diaiuoud-drill has opened a
new field, aud allows us to explore the hidden
rocks; to learn which of the strata are in sita
and which were not laid down when the ages
were busy in moulding this earth for the use
of mau. The Professor tells us, or rather
speculates that the Niagara limestone, tho
i. Cincinnati shale, aud the Trenton limestone
iiave’been swept from the St. Peter's sand
stone, and that this sandstone was dissolved
and became the water-reservoir for tho flow
-5 ing wells of Iroquois County. Mind, this
mav aud may not be true, and, whether true
or false, may answer all practical purposes
for a water-supply but, with the diamond drill
wo can bore into the rock and take
;i'“ 6oli d ■“«>'Jw .eaim
ination, instead of ponnamg the rock into
powder, and leaving it to mere guess-work
in regard to tho rock formation; iu short,
we can reduce these speculations to facts, or
proVe their utter falsity. That the State
•Geologist has so far done his work faithful
ly ana to the satisfaction of the public, no
one will deny; hut hero is a new field,—a
new lino of investigation,—that demands
his attention. Tho outcropping rocks have
been examined and described; aud, now
that science has opened up to us new anpli
auces for the investigation of tho hidden
rock-strata, let us avail ourselves of their
use for practical purposes. Let the old
.morain where tho Lake Michigan glacier
plowed its way down through Central Illi
nois be explored. If the drill struck the bed
•of Niagara limestone at tho depth of SOO feet
at Ouarga, right in the region of the flowing
wells, we become a little mixed in our specu
lations, and may got lost before we roach
‘Urbana.
The geology of the Valley of tho Illinois
Giver region is most remarkable; yet all of
this would have been shrouded iu mystery aud
speculation had not tho river cut its way
through the drift to the rocks below, Ou
tho ‘-Grand Prairie,” we have no river to
-expose the old morain. hut wo have the
drill that will seek its most hidden depths,
imd bring up to us the evidence that is
testimony of tho rocks.” Wo all know tlm
little reliability to be placed on the several
borings that have been made, aud this no
■one knows better than Professor Wortlien.
In his own city of Springfield, within sight
of his geological rooms, borings were made
-down through the coal, seam after seam,
without disclosing the presence of coal; and
\yet one of these scams is seven feet thick,
and one of the best in tho State.
If the artesian water is in tho Sfc. Petox’s
sandstone, let us find its true horizon at
every important place in tho State, at least
at every county-seat. These might be con
nected with a topographical survey, so that
•every fanner could have some reliable data
to guide him in seeking his water supply.
If we can draw an unlimited supply of
water from these wells. Dy their natural out
flow or the aid of windmills, wc may bid de
fiance to tho summer drouth; or, at least,
produce many indispensable products with
more certainty and at less coat. The lessons
on irrigation at Salt Lake, Denver, and Gree
ley, should not be lost ou ns. when wc have
flowing rivers or flowing wells. The flowing
wells of Chicago will he put to tho use of
growing vegetables, trees, and flowers, as
well as for the putting out of fires and tho
-cleaning of sewers.
SUGAR FROM THE BEET-ROOT.
In tho latter part of the year 1605, when I
the Genuest Brothers, at Chatsworth, had 1
.put on tho market their first crop of beet-
root sugar, anil an effort was made to form a
-company to prosecute the business on a large
scale, the writer was requested to prepare au
.article on tbo subject of the beet-root for
-sugar-making, to l>c published iu one
♦of our leading journals. Tbo following
was written, but returned as not meeting
-the views of the parties intended. Six years
have passed some hundreds of thousands of
.dollars have been expended to prove what
had been already proved, aud the reasons
given therefor. Tho money |lost iu tho ex
periment at Chatsworth ought to prove a
valuable lesson but it does not appear to
have done so, for the same thing is being re
peated in other fields, —doubtless with tho
same result, unless chemistry shall devise
some new agent with which to free the sugar
crystals of tho adhering nitrates.
That the sugar beet may prove profitable
In some favored locations is highly proba
ble but, like all other plants, it must be
supplied with the propcrconditious. At- this
lime the subject is atlractiugattention along
the foot-hills of the Kocky Mountains, where
irrigation has such magic effect on garden
vegetables, aud especially tho beet-root;
but, on account of tho presence of a largo
amount of potash in tho soil, it is not prob
able that smrar-making will prove a success
in that far-off country. As I have seen no
new evidence on the subject since ISUS, I
append tho letter then written, and trust
that it may bo of more value than when
<niietly rest ing in a pigeon-hole of m 3* desk:
SUCAR 1-ROM THE UEBT-ROOT.
The subject of tho culture of the beet-root for
pugnr has of late attracted no small share of at
tention; not only from onr farmers, but many of
cur business men. A few days since I saw sam
ples of raw or brown sugar at the rooms of the
btntc Agricultural Society, from the beet-sugar
woikß of the Geuncst Brothers, of Chatsworth,
and which, in appearance, compares favorably
with the raw sugar of tho sugar-cane.
Ah the subject of sugar-making from the beet
root is new to many persons, I will proceed to
give such, facts In regard to the subject us arc
within my reach, premising that these data arc
mainly drawn from European sources:
SELECTION AND VHEI’AUATION OF SOIL.
In Germany and France, where the beet Is
largely grown for this parpens it la a rule,dictat
ed by experience, never to plant tho beets In a
new or virgin soil, or a soil that had lain fora
long time uncultivated, such as old pastures or
meadow, that contain a large amount of roots of
plants in a rapid stage of decomposition. Hence,
clover, lucerne, or other large-rooted fomge
plsnts should not precede the sngur-bect, but it
may follow a crop of wheat, barley, or oats.
A sandy, loamy, pulverulent soil, permeable to
moisture, is the best,—for the beet-root delights In
a moist, pliable soil, charged with a fair share of
plant food; while a wet, argillaceous end inert
calcareous soil should be avoided. At Hie same
lime, the quality of the beet-root is Impaired by a
soil too rich iu saline matters. Animal manure
should, ihcrefotc, not be supidicd to the bee
crop. The 801 l must be deep and mellow and
thorongblr pnlvclzed with the
in order that the roots can work downward.—for
In each a fi.ul the beet at Tains that perfect conical
thnpe so essential to enanr-niakinc as all thii
part of the beet that ptiwe ibwfc’ujf.
ntustbft cui away before grludlng.aa otherwise it
will injure the product. The luna is ukiAi/v
C J*® full a, lrt once the sTri.lL?
iLt Jlrit plowing follows two op iiir***
*t yB cutting o tb!
crm., before the Boil bocomea dry from oxiSnl
frt of Bun 4 s soon as the seeds of woods iwgiu
liodr!p ar tv nb Ve round thc h«rrow is put oil!
t?m.i,Hhti? rot l B deßtroyort. This is repeal “i
tho^ V inn l i ust -urulul preparation m
rofm»° iu 8 leww n 111141 we might turn to uc
fSSfiiiS? 1 our fn fuimg operations, for other
lan Vl e RU P 4r -IHHJt arc improved by this
Hire preparation of the soil. J
present a sandy, loamy soil,
MmJrMif 0 16 •V n e, l tl4e designation of a good
Biij.ni-heid soil; but thob© mucky, black soils,
containing an excess of humus, wuulil not an*
uor yet, the stiff clays chut arc not under
amlned. though these, bv ridging, may produce
G** l ciops o! wheat and largo yields of corn.
Me.must remember that saline matter in the
foil is destructive of sugar In the beet; hence tho
care to plane it in soils not charged with the
Bolts or nitrates. It Is no longer a mutter of ex
pel iuu-nr in regard to th« prolit of making sugar
Ironi the beet on the coni incut of Europe, but has
become a settled fact, ami incorporated into
their system of agriculture.. The question that
arises with us is, cun we succeed also t Of this
have some grave doubts, and will proceedto
stale them.
Three ditlicultics at least appear in the way to
reduce the value of the beet-root for sugar on
our prwir;e-hoil, in addition to the competition
that it must meet with irom tho cane-sugar
grown so near to us, —h condition of things that
dots not exist in Germany and France:
J-irsl —The large percentage of nitrate* in. our
prairie soils, where the ashes of the grasses have
for ages been annually burned and lixivuted by
the rs.ii s. may prove the most serious obstacle in
our way. At least, this may confine its endure
to the sandy ridges ot the lake snore, and the
sandy plains and fringes of timber land along
the rivers. Xu France It is common to grow a
iron of beets to lake off the redundant nitrates
in the soil, and which is fed to stock, as it is un
fitted for sugar-making. It is possible that, after
taking off three or four crops of beets, wo might
succeed In this respect; but then w© meet with
the
Scrotal Objection— One of the profits resulting
from the making of beet-sugar is the refuse ot
the roots after pressing out tho Juice. With us
this can have but little value, when in competi
tion with our cheap corn, and it is questionable
if this has any real value. The molasses from the
sugar-beet is of no other value than for distilla
tion, and it can bo of no great importance in
competition with cheap corn, cane molasses, and
sorghum. On tho European continent, no small
.pair of the profit is derived from these two pro
ducts; in fact, without them tho whole thing
might have proved a failure.
Third —The amount of water on most of our
prairie farms is not sufficient for tho manufac
ture; and for this, if for no other reason, the
roots must he hauled to the village, where they
may be a supply of water, fuel, and cheap labor.
Then we mast take into consideration oar cli
mate, that is liable to great and sadden changes
from heat to cold, and from dry to wot. Tho beet
delights in a cool, moist climate, at least ono that
Is maritime; but here wo have a conti
nental climate at times, and at times it
is saturated with moisture. It will therefore bo
seen that, even with the beat of culture, and
the most suitable soil, the beet-root cannot stand
our drenching rains or long-continued drouths.
This, more than any other ono thing, is opposed
to its success.
Before the war, good Kcw Orleans sugar sold
at C cents; and it Is probable that, with more in
telligent labor, better implements, and a more
carelul supervision, In a ffiw years it will again
reach that point. Taking this for a basis,
we can see tho bottom of tho profit In making
sugar from the beet. Sis pounds of sugar from
100 pounds of tho beets may bo pat down as a fair
average. This, at r. cents a pound, will give 36
cents. After paying tho cost of culture, trans
portation to the factory, manufacturing, freight,
and commission, the net profit will not he largo
under tho most favorable conditions.
The sagar-lteet is a small root, and known by
farmers as tho Sicilian beet; quite a different
plant from the one grown for stock-feeding, and
should not bo coafonnded, os there is a vast
difference in tho relative quantity of the roots
that each will produce.
NEW PUBLICATION'S
The December magazines—lmportant An*
Donnecmenli lor ISTS-XntereatlngFer-
I sooaal and Book Gossip at Home and
Abroad.
Tho for December closes the year
in admirable stylo. Its papers, almost with
out exception, are fresh, entertaining, and
Tory readable. The poetry is by Longfellow
and Whittier. The former has versified a
beautiful old monkish legend in his own ad
mirable style, and the latter has written a
sympathetic tribute to Chicago, which is
like an oasis in the desert of rhymed rub
bish which has been heaped up on tho sub
ject of ourdlsastor. Warrington,” the able
political correspondent of tho Springfield
(Mass.) liepullican, has written a very .terse,
but graphic, sketch of General Butler's late
campaign in that State, to which wo see
General B. has asked permission of the
malingers of the Atlantic to reply. Mri
Be Forest's osreollaat otoi-j-, “Koto do BcaUr
mont,” closes in this number; also, Mr.
Field’s “Whispering Gallery,” which is de
voted to some very pleasant reminiscences
f Wordsworth nd j rary g >titford.
Bret Uarto contributes a frontier-sketch
called “Princess Bob,” which 15 T C
weak and flavorless, compared with dtnvJ 8
of his characteristic stories. Mr, UowelVa
newly-marriedcouple get safely homo again
after their charming journey; and Mr.
James closes his fetory, “Watch and Ward.”
Clarence King contributes another of his
agreeable scmi-scicntiiic articles on Mount
Shasta; “E. H. Ha singular narrative,
“A Japanese Doctor and His Work:” and
Jobu Fiskc a learned essay on “Light and
Darkness.” As tho reader will notice, most
of the serials are finished, so that the Atlan
tic for 3573 will have a clear sweep for its
now attractions. Never before lias the
Atlantic commenced a now year with
such splendid promise. Dr. Holmes,
in tho January number, will
begin a series of papers which
ho will call “The Polt at the Breakfast
Table,” which will form a companion-piece
to tho Autocrat and the Professor. Begin
ning also with tho January number, that
posthumous romance of Hawthorne’s, dis
covered a few mouths ago among his manu
scripts, will be published. It is called
Septimius Felton; or, Tho Elixir of Life.”
The Atlantic will also contain a scries of ar
ticles by James Parton, on tho Life of
Thomas Jefierson several poems bv Long
fellow, one of which will appear in the Jan
uary number; a social serial number by
Professor James DeMille, author of tho
“Dodge Club” and tho “American Baron,”
to be entitled “The Comedy of Terrors” and.
to relate tho adventures of a party
in Montreal, and afterward in Pans
during tho German siege of last winter;
papers of biographic;'! and literary interest,
by James T. Fields, possessing some of the
features of “Our Whispering Gallery;” and
a series of papers, entitled “The Diversions
of tho Echo Club” including travesties of
modern poets, discussion of modem poets
and poetry, and related topics. All the old
contributors, also, will furnish occasional
papers. The editorial department will .take
a “new departure,” and will include (1) a full
survey of current American English, French,
and German literature; (2) monthly com
ment on the more noteworthy aspects of po
litical aftairs; (S) notice of nmsical events,
and a candid review of popular music; (4)
discussion of art and artists; (s)] resume of
scientific progress.
The most noticeable paper in Uppincoilt*
Monthly for December is another instalment
of Edward Whymper’s graphic narrative of
Scrambles Among tho Alps,* 7 which is ad
mirably illustrated and very instructive.
*lt also contains the conclusion of Qaida’s
stonr, “A branch of Lilac;” a paper by J.
P. W, Palmer on “The Sharpless Crayons
a critique by Kate Hillard, called “Balzac
as an Artist and Moralist;” apocm byT. Bu
chanan Bead; asouuetby Paul H. Hayno:
a-story by Charles Waneu Stoddard; and
several narratives of travel and adventure.
As n special attraction for next year, tho
publishers announce anew novel by George
Mac Donald, and one by an American writer
whose name is not given.
Tho Catholic IVorta still mniutams its high
position in periodical literature, and. not
withstanding its intensely sectarian charac
ter, is full of literary interest, and conducted
with a scholarly taste which is strikingly in
contrast with the most of onr magazines.
The December number opens with a long
paper on France, considered with special
reference to tho status of tho Catholic
Church. The other noticeable papers arc:
“An Englishman in China,” which is a re
view of a recent work by J, J. Cooper, late
agent for the Chamber of Commerce at Cal
cutta “The Island of Saints,” which gives
a very poetical andglowingskctch of Ireland;
translations of oldlrish ballads, concerning
Ossum’a colloquies withSt.Patrick.by Aubrey
Dev ere; God is our Aid,” a Christmas
story Catholicity nud Pantheism,”—tho
twelfth of this transcendental scries of pa
pers, and evidently by tbo editor himself,
lather Hecker; another paper on “Tho
Liqnefact ion of tho Blood of St, Januarius
a review of The Princeton Review on Dr.
1- aberand Modem Opera.” which, after
a brief introduction, gives a lecture deliver
ed by M. Stem, the Curate of Cologne, be
fore the Catholic Congress at Dusscldorf.
and which ought to bo read by every well
wisher of opera. Tho number closes with
“The Study of Sacred History,” a review of
the Rev. Henry I ormby s recent Pictorial
Bible and Church History Stories, Abridg
ed/’ _ l. _
The Sunday MeQazwc. Dr. Guthrie’s excel
lent religious periodical, for November, has
iho following papers: “The Vicar’s Daugh
ter,” George MacDonald’s serial; Charity
in Loudon.” a second paper, by tbo editor,
devoted to tho Royal Hospital for Incur
ables: “The Resurrection of the Dead,” by
W. Hanna, D. D.; John Keble and Hi's
Hymn.” by Isabella L. Bird; How to Study
tho Old Testament.” by William Lindsay
Alexander, D. D.; “Tho Thorough Business
Man,” by Benjamin Orme. M. D.,; “Reno
vation,” a Temple sermon, by C. J. Vaughan.
D. D.: “Conversations with Dr. Dellinger
and other Munich Professors,” by tbe Rev.
John Hunt, accompanied by a beautifully
executed portrait; mid “Dorothea Trndol,
the Miracle-Worker of Zunich,” by Mrs. Hope,
The Ehclic, that sterling old magazine,
which every month gives to us tho best
things of the foreign periodicals, shows no
abatement in interest in its December num
ber. Its elections are made with admirable
taste, and. embrace a wide variety of top ice.
ine pro juncnt papers are "riirial Voyasos,”
frotu the British Quarterly: “A Mahometan
‘from tho Comhill Magazine:
American Books, ”from Blackwood's Maga~
fiuif,—a paper which has attracted Tory
general attention in the literary world:
•‘Prospects of the Now German Reforma
tion,” from the Contemporary liccicw; “News
from erschel’s Planet.” from St, Poufs;
“Tintoretto at Heme,” from the same;
“Shakspeare and His Times,” from the
Quarterly Bcrie ir; and an admirable literary
summary by the editor. The portrait in this
number is that of Professor T3’udail.
Our Young Folks closes the year with flying
colors, and is brimful of goad things for the
little people from cover to cover, not the
least of which is tho picture-story telling
how Tommy rodo tho horse to water. For
the January number, the pnblishers an
nounce tho opening chapters of a sequel to
Jack Hazard; also, the iirst part of another
serial story, of extraordinary interest, en
titled “Crpsoe Life;” a curious account of
“The Great Sea Serpent,” by Elizabeth
Stuan Phelps; “The Little Dunbars,” a
Christmas story, by Nora Perry;and a
sketch by C. A. Stephens, “The Doctor and
the Black Squirrel.” There will also ho a
variety of poems and sketches by Mrs. A.
M. Diaz. J. T. Trowbridge, the “Prairio
Nymph,” and other old ana young contribu
tor with about twenty illustrations.
The prospectus of tho Aldino promises
much for the coming year. Pictures of the
mort eminent American artists will be re
produced by tho best engravers, and the lit
erary department will be intrusted to Rich
aid Henry Stoddard, whoso name is a guar
antee of its improvement and interest. Ho
will bo assisted by some of tho most popular
v rltera of the country. Tho volume for 1872
will .con tain two hundred and flfty-flve en
gravings, and every third number will have
a tinted picture onrplato-paperas frontispiece.
The Christmas number will contain fifty on
graving®.—four in tint.
Old and Few has not yet arrived fer Be-
cembor; but a Boston correspondent says
that the leading feature in it is tho Hafe-
Stowe-Whitney ■audsoforth co-operative
story, “Six of One by Halia Bozen of the
Other.” Tho story is located in Gteyford*
one of those still, quiet Connecticut towns,
“which impress travellers who ride through
it with the idea that the inhabitants are all
either dead or gone on long voyages;” in
troduces the characters, the most prominent
of which is Nettie Sylva, who is evidently
to be the heroine, “a tall* lithe, handsome
girl,” who “looked as if she had been gotten
up by Bamc Nature in a more generous mood
of mind than she generally is in when she
makes our pure, delicate, spare, lady-like
New England girls. She was like a tropical
flower: everything about her was bright, and
rich, and abundant. She had lovely golden
brown bair, and ever so much of it. Her
checks had tho high bloom and color of the
Somegranato. She had great, rich, velvet,
ark eyes, with long lashes: her waist was
round as an apple, and she had a beautiful
fulness of form, not a common attribute of
American beautytanglcstbcm in a prom
ising maze of love, and sends them ouin a
Connecticut sleigh-ride.- In this number,
also, Edwaid Everett Halo’s “Ups and
Downs” is continued; there are essays on
“Day-Dreaming,” by Francis Tiffany, and
God with Man,” by Joseph May; more of
CharlesD. Warren’s “Sorrento Papers;” a
translation of a quaint old Hebrew legend,
The Companion of Paradiseand a couple
ofpoems.
The Congregational Levine. published in this
city before the fire t we understand, is to bo
merged in the Fcto Englander —Professor
Bartlett, its former manager being retained
as Western Editor,
Amoug miscellaneous periodicals, for which
we are indebted to tho publishers ore the
Phrenological Journal: the .American Education
al Journal; Applcton f s Journal for the week,
ending December 2; Frank Leslies Lady x
Magazine, and Frank Leslie’s Boys’ and Girls?
iVcekly. both of wliich are of the poorest pos
sible ‘description; and Iho Song Messenger,
Root Cady’s musiCHi monthly.
The lire seems to have done it a world Of
good, for never before was it so pretty,
piquant, or fresh. “P. Green” discourses
learnedly on the planet Saturn; George F.
Root has some pleasant things to say; Mrs.
Matthews contributes a short; sketch of tho
Castle of Chillon and the rest of the maga
zine is taken up with now music and musical
intelligence.
The literary weekly known before tho fire
as Happy Hours has made its appearance
since the fire as the Chicago Pha-ntx. It is
embellished with several cats of tho rains,
and contains several admirably-itemized
columns of all sorts of intelligence.
A pha-nix on a smaller seme is Our Boys,
the mvenilo paper, which, wo are glad to
see, lias survived tho fire and comes out
promptly It is an excellently-conducted,
paper, and our boyslshould subscribe for
os a pleasant winter evening
Beit AI«
Alexander Afanasief, a prominent Russian
novelist, died recently.
—Edmond About receives 4,000f. per year
which i? tho largest salary paid to a Fronoli
journalist.
—An almost complete collection of “Al
dines,” or -works printed, by Aldus Manutlus
and bis descendants, Comprising nearly ono
thousand yolwnieSj has been presented by
the Marquis Aliien to the public library of
Turin.
—A literary phenomenon has arisen at
Greenock, Scotland, in the form of a polico
man-poct, Mr. Kenneth M’Lachlan.
—lt was recently reported that the Em*
""acnc had completed a new history
press •'of Scots. The work, how
of Mary Quceu... written by Professor
ever, was actually
Petit, of Beauvais.
—Everyone is familiar with thestoryofthe
travels of a 'Webster's Unabridged through a
miner's camp; how bravel}' and persistently
each man attacked it, bat were all vanquish
ed and pave it np, because it “had so little
connection.” Wo hear now of a Wisconsin
man who has abandoned its perusal because
“the blasted thing hasn't got any index.”
—Robert Bums m the Swiss-German idiom
is one of the novelties of the season.
—Ono of the prettiest of the holiday hooks
-will bo Scribner Co.’s exquisite “Songs of
the Heart”—a collection of poems illustrated
by the most eminent American artists,
among whom Moran is conspicuous for the
strength and imaginative beauty of his
drawings.
—Mr. Bnring-Gonld’a now volume will con
tain the principal legends which are current
in the Hast about the Old Testament Patri
archs, Prophets, &c.
—Mr. Charles Darwin’s work on “The
Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to
Sex/’has just been translated into French
by M. Mouliuic, and is now in the press.
M. Moulinio is the author of the French ver
sion of Mr. Darwin’s Variation of Animals
and Plants under Domestication.”
—Maria Francesca Rosotti’s work just
published in London, entitled “A Shadow
of Dante, being an Essay toward a Study
of Himself, His world, and His Pilgrimage,'’
will bo reprinted by Messrs. Roberts
Brothers, Boston.
—A tale of Salt Lake City is announced by
a London publisher, entitled Saint Aho
and His Seven Wives.”
—A literary scandal has just been made
public in Prussia. Herr von Muhlcr. the
pious and popular Coitus Minister, sued for
damages the editor of a volume of early
amorous poems which ho {the Minister of
Worship) had written, and desired to sup
press. The damages awarded were a lino of
only 50 thalers. As eight editions of the ob
noxious poems bad been sold, tho editor was
tolerably well able to pay it.
—Tho London correspondent of tho Bos
ton Jdrer/hrn writing under date of Novem
ber 4, says X am glad to say that the recent
discussion respecting a copyright law be
tween England and tho united States is
likely to end in something practical and de
cisive. Vcsterday afternoon, a body of Eng
lish authors mot, and, after discussion,
agreed to formulate their demands in a
memorial which Eurl Granville will prob
ably forward to General Schonck
for transmission to tho Ministers and
Congress. These demands do not treat of tho
interests of publishers at all. They only ask
for a right of property for authors in tho
fruit of their brains. The statement was re
peatedly made that the authorities iu Amer
ica have already expressed themselves will
ing to give copywriglit to tho English author,
just as they give a patent to an English in
ventor. Wc shall see if this he so. Of course,
a similar advantage would bo given to Amer
ican authors here?’
—A Berlin despatch to the London Ac;r» of
the 10th inst. says: “The unveiling of the
statue of Schiller has taken place to-day.
The weather was exceedingly fine, and a
very largo crowd was present at the cere
mony, The Emperor was also present. A
monster choir took part in the proceedings.
At precisely a quarter past 11 the statue was
unveiled, upon a signal riven by a grandson
of Schiller. The people seemed to take
much interest in the ceremony.”
Engliah vs* American Habits—Early
The English correspondent of the London
yonconformifit, who is now doing” Virgin
ia, writes to that journal concerning the
present habits of John Bull and Brother
Jonathan. Ho says:
The Southerners heat all the people I have
over known iu the matter of “early to hod
aud early to rise.” For the first time iu
about a quarter of a century, I have been
sent to bed every night at S o'clock, just the
time when some aristocratic Londoners are
dining or preparing to dine. To mako upfor
the outrageous proceeding of sending a civ
ilized Englishman to roost at such an un
conscionable early hour, the signal for turn
ing out was’givon at 5 o’clock in the morning,
aud breakfast followed soon after 6. I am
heterodox about early rising. However,
when you are in Virginia you must do as the
Virginians do. I had, noun* ro/c»x, to be
come a member of tbe early retiring and
association. Still lam bound to confess 1
was not always np to time.”
But how sweet is the consolation afforded
to poor humanity by the weakness of good
men. A wealthy gentleman staying at wyl
heshurg when I was there—a man who has
made ins own way in the world, andaccu
mulatcd a large amount of money in the
process thereof—had to bo almost pulled
out of bed to get to breakfast. Ho was both
‘wealthy and wise,” and yet ho said ho had
always been used to going to bed and get
ting up late. He comforted mo immensely,
and I felt that after «U my bad English hab
its were perhaps not so very bad. Charles
Lamb exploded the old adage, “It is the
early bird that catches the worn?.” by show
Tflfi CmOAeO Wllmfl&7
Literary Note*.
Rising.
ing that the worm was in fault for coming
out so early.
While on this subject I may just say that
many Americans have a preposterous way
of lengthening business hours. Lawyers and
merchants start, say at 7 o’clock in
the moraine, and keen on until 7 in the
evening. Ci» houof They waste hours m
the day in dawdling and gossiping, as callers
come in and they call oat. A Loudon man
who sticks to. his business from 10 to 4
gets through far more work. But then it is
bo pleasant to keep one’s office open from
early to late/and feel "good” for so doiug!
Here I may say the poor despised subjects of
an English monarchy would not submit to
the long hours of business which the “sov
ereign people of this great republic” accept
as a matter of course. The Early Closing
Association is needed in America, for the
duration of labor exceeds all reason. I know
numbers of storekeepers who open at 5 in
the morning and close at 11 at night.
This system produces “smart” automatic
machines, but it undermines true manhood.
It accumulates dollars and destroys the high
er life in man. Let the association in Lud
gate Hill try to teach Brother Jonathan the
error of his ways. Man shall not live by
dollars alone.
BI7BNINO 07 A STEAMER.
The City •flTeir London Entirely Destroy
ed by Fire— I Twelve Persons Either
Burned to Death or Drowned.
Norwich, Conn. (Nor. 22), jCotreepondenco of the New
York Timet). _
Tlio steamer City of New London^ Captain
Brown, of the Norwich New \ork line,
took fire about 41-2 o’clock, on the river
Thames, five miles below the city. The
flames wore first discovered issuing from
one of the ventilators. The Captain was on
deck ondordered the boat anchored. Efforts
were immediately made to extinguish the
flames, and after a short time were ap
parently successful. A rigid examination
discovered no traces of fire.* The anchor was
hoisted and the boat proceeded up the river,
Whenabouttlixeemiles below the city,abreast
of the mouth of Poquetannock Cove, lire
was discovered in some cotton which was on
deck. The donkoy-numps were started, and
the Captain and engineer, aided by the crew,
in less than one minute had three streams
on the lire. Despite all the exertions the fire
spread with great rapidity, and soon envel
oped all the forward part of the boat. The
Captain, seeing all efiorts to extinguish the
fire was useless, ordered the boat beached,
but the engineer could not start the engine.
The donkey-pumps were, however, stillkept
at work until the engineer notified the Cap
tain that ho feared an explosion of the boil
ers, in which event all would be
lost. Tho spread of the flames had in
the meantime cut oft* all communication with
the boats, and rendered life-preservers inac
cessible. Tho passengers and crew then
threw themselves into the water, clinging to
such portions of tho cargo and boat as had
fallen overboard. Those who were able to
swim had not much difficulty in reaching
the shore. Some were nicked up by boats
from floating pieces of the cargo in an ex
haustod condition, and taken to farm hoop
in tho vicinity, where they wore cared .as
and resuscitated. Some half a dozen' .for
crew and passengers are still missing of the
is feared, lost, among whom is C. B »and, it
a well-known manufacturer of ttogers,
■\Vhen your reporter visited tn r tnis city,
found it lying about fifty tr r* l 6
feet from tho riv' seventy-five
bow dove a stream,
fiercely, -with no J\ o poof b 252! D 8
anythin of E TCI |thS£
abov e her deck h. steady
was taken down
.oajthe city. too late to bo of Borneo
The wreck has since drifted downstream."
and Jo leeward about a quarter of a milo bo
low Maiden s island, where it has been aban
doned by the crew and lies fast agrenndinst
below Poquetannock Cove. Trains are run
ning down hourly, and a vigilant search is
making for tho missing men. The Cite of
New London was a lirat-class boat, and h-s
a large cargo. Tho office of tho Norwich,!-
New York Transportation Company in thK
city is crowded with persona
the fate of their friends ftmouv
gers and crew, and much.
.xcitement pro-
dtoMc'r ia P 1 brthe Cityof New
cd Tbe™ were %eater than is autioinat
o£ these AVm. T P^SersJ.at
ton Brother»f Nor-
A *ls IRo' L. 15* Rogers. o£ tlio linn of
drich" a' <fer l Co., Harrison R. Al
(JJrs i 1 of tins city, were lost. Of the ofli-
V »nd deck hands known to ho lost are
w -I 1- ■S'Jy.'. f Hamburg, Conn., second
jate; Sl.W,Baker, of Norwich, engineer;
Henry Dngan, Now London, steward; Web
ster Cooper, second cook: Frank Flowers,
name unknown, waiter; Warren Mitchell,
oiler:Driscoll Sullivan. Patrick Mahony,
and Thomas lionrke, deck hands. The Now
London carried a cargo of heavy freight,
principally cotton, rags, groceries, leather,
hides, vVc., which, together with the boat,
is a total loss. On acconnt of
tho MDsence of tHo manager
of the line from the city, it is impossible to
ascertain the insurances. It is understood
the boat is insured for SIOO,OOO. The iire-ox
tinguishing apparatus and life-saving appli
ances were ample and in perfect order, bat
the rapid spread of the flames out off an
liroacll to Hhe boats and saloon wboro the
ife-preservers wore. Tho passengers and
crow had to savo themselves by grasping
such floating matter as foil overboard from
the burningboat. A largo force of men and
boys have been at tbo scene of the disaster
all day, and a vigilant search for bodies of
missing passengers and crew have been in
stituted, but only succeeded in finding tho
.bodies of two men—deck bands—which
—brought to this city and taken possea
■'•oner, who empanelled a jury.
sionof bytnex/o ''''dies, adjourned
which, oxter viewing tno ,M »at,
until to-morrow. The officers of tno w>.
particularly tbo Captain and engineer, re
ceive great praise for coolness and bravery in
their trying position, tho former escaping by
lowering himself from tho paddle-box by a
heaving lino, when all avennes of escape
were closed by tho flames, and clinging to
tho paddles until, rescued in on exhausted
condition, and the latter losing his life after
giving a life-preserver which he got from his
room on the upper deck, at the last moment,
to tho only lady passenger, who by its aid
was saved. The origin or tho fire is a matter
of uncertainty, but is supposed to have in
somoway taken in tho kitchen when the
cook went to kindle a tire for breakfast. One
account states that it was by a poker, heated
by Hiking down tho fire, being hung against
a pine partition, hut nothing reliable is
known'.
The following is tho statement of Charles
Harvey, clerk of tho boat: I was in bad
when tho lire first broke out, near Moat
villc, but was at once called, and I assisted
in getting tho fire under. A careful search
was made for a half or three-quarters of an
hour, and it was supposed that tho lire was
totally extinguished. Mr. Harvey did not
retire again, bnt went into the engine-room,
which was on the saloon deck, aud sat down.
This was after the boat bad got under way,
ami was between 5 aud 0 a. m., shortly
after daylight, that a second alarm
of lire was given on tho main
deck, aud almost before any one could
reach it from the saloou everything fore
and uft was in flames. The hose was already
laid, and the pumps wore at work in less
than five minutes after tho alarm, but tho
tiro spread with such startling rapidity, and
tho [smoke was so stifling between docks,
that it was impossible to stay there. Tho
engine was stopped and tho engineer was
driven from his post. He opened tho safety-,
valves of the boilers, and it was no longer
possible to work the pumps. By this time
tho flames, fanned by the draft which tho
motion of the boat created, had spread fore
and aft, and it was evident that there was
no hope of saving tho vessel. Hr. Harvey
went to tho office and took the boat’s books,
freight list, money, &c., and wont
to his state-room to endeavor to save
his own property. While there, the flames
shot up through tho floor, and ho was
obliged to leave. Ho then went forward to
try to save the lady passenger, and found
her at the forward part of tho saloon. Ho
took her out to tho forward deck, and called
to a man in a boat, bat he refused to come.
Mr. Harvey then loft her, and went down
over the side to tho main deck, to get a rope
to lower her into the water, but, wliilo there,
tho smoke and fire burst out before him, aud,
his retreat being out oil, ho was forced to
leap iuto the water. Ho was dressed iu a
heavy suit of clothes, with an over
coat, but, fortunately, had* removed
liis boots. Ho swam for the schooner.
lying then two hundred yards away, but
boiug encumbered by his clothing and tho
tide carrying him down, he became ex
hausted and nearly ready to sink. Just
then there floated within his reach a piece
of joist fifteen feet lone, which had already
been seized by two of the deck-hands. This
he grasped and hung on for life in the bitter
ly cold water. Shortly after ho reached it,
one of tho men, named Sullivan, let go and
sank. The other clung tenaciously to the
beam, but settled lower and lower in tho
water. Mr. Harvey called to him to “stick
to her.” The man made no reply, bnt in a
few moments bis grasp relaxed and he, too,
sank. Mr. Harvey has no idea of the length
of time he was in tho water, hut he was one
of tho last rescued, and when token ashore
was in a state of utter exhaustion.
Tho boat’s books ho threw overboard
before jumping into the river. Apart of tho
money and freight list ho put Into his pock
et, but they were washed oat while he was
in the water. Ho lost everything but the
clot hes ho wore.
The following is tho statement of J. C.
Palmer: About an hour after the first alartn>
I was standing out on tho forward deck,
with Messrs. Korton, Hammond, Rogers, and
Aldritch, when suddenly a man shouted.
The gangway is all on hr®, and. it is imnos
sjble to get .through.” Tho boat was. sudden
ly filled with smoke, and immediately tho
names-shot up from, all parts. I went over
the side of tho rail and let myself down.on
to tho guard, and crawled along to tho gang
way; when I reached there, X saw that too
whole of the inside of the boat was one solid
sheet of flame. The wind was blowing the
tire away from tho gangway, and I went in
side and commenced throwing loose boards
and light stuff overboard, when some
said in an authoritative voice, '‘Let those
things he.” I replied that we could save
nothing, and had better save tho lives of
those on hoard. X finally got hold of a long
plank and threw it overboard, and thought
that if nobody els© took hold of it when I
lumped overboard, I would. S.*oa after I
leaped into the water and swam to tho plank
which was some distance off, and tried to got
to the schooner near by. While I
was on the plank 1 saw a boat near
ing me, and 1 shouted, “There is a lady on
hoard.go and save her first!” Soon after I
felt some one on the other end of the plank,
when I let go, as I knew it would not hold
us both. -I then struck out for the schooner,
hut the tide carried me below it, when I es
pied something boating toward mo whiohT
grasped and.found it to oe a state-room door.
I gotou to the door very much exhausted,
and found that 1 was drifting toward the
burning boat. It became very not, and I had
to keep dipping my head underwater to keep
from being horned. I was somewhat ex
hausted, and my chances appeared so slim,
that I thought it was useless to make uuy
effort to save myself, and was about to let go
my hold when l was picked up by some men
in a small boat.
TWO-WOMEN FIGHTING A BEAU.
The Lonely Donne In the Woods -An
Alarm from the Pig-pen—The Heroic
Dog-Tiro Women go to the Beacne—
Kn the lilntchea of the Bear—The
cape.*
Callicoos, N. Y., (Nor. i«) correspondence of The New
York San.
Forthe past six weeks the neighborhood of
Otter's Hole, on the southern confines of
Delaware County, has been pestered with
bears. Not unfrequeutly these animals have
made their appearance among the people.
A few Lave been shot by the hunters. On
Thursday one of these gruff customers vis
ited the farm of Jacob Beardsly. a sort of
farmer, hunter, and woodman, who has for
nearly twenty years occupied a small clear
ing in Otter's Hole.
The son was behind the mountains, hut it
was uot.yet tlark. Mr. Beardsly was in the
woods, nearly two miles distant. Mrs.
Beardsly and her daughter, a girl of sixteen,
weic in the house. Thepigs in the pen behind 1
the dwelling were squealing loudlyf»#r their
ovcningmoaL The daughter of.rirj farmer
was preparing the food, and was iuu lio act of
picking up the swill-pail to go to-tf ae pig-pen.
when the dog set up a loud barring behind
the house. At the same time t'hn whine of
the pig was changed from: the, monotonous
call for fod® to a tierce err of terror.
Mrs. Beardsly told hcruaui xbter that the
dog was worrying thfcpiK a jm! at once went
to the back door to>ooll the- dog away. S 5
was surprised to s«*ia bear attempting V
out of tbo pig-pea. He we* i f”"
perhaps eighty pounds sr m Thu
'-(at bruin’s departure,
ivhilothe unfortnno ;c was witll
tur"'toot lr in Jeartoly ‘aul her dnngh
the eituation at a
to"™ placo*to call
S!SpV lr ----.y grabbed a small
stones such as is used in loading flag-
I ;v. n»<l went for the bear. Tbo daughter
I tb' .wed her with an axe. They ran out to
T Jpig I*n and began an indiscriminate at
.ack on the boar. This attack greatly en
couraged the dog, who forthwith sprang into
the pen and grappled with bmin. The bear.
tindiDg himself sorely pressed, released his
hold on the nig and closed in with the dog.
Unfortunately forTowsor, ho was, in an un
guarded moment, caught in the embrace of
the hear. He let out a series of howls that
the hearts of the two women.
ruo.girl, axe in hand, sprang lightly into
tho pig-pen, and with a well-directed blow
caused the brute to loosen his hold on tho
dog. Hut matters wore fast growing worse.
No sooner was the dangerous animal forced
to drop the dog than ho turned fiercely on
uie brave girl. The fight became desperate.
The axe was swung vigorously, hut his bear
ship easily warded off tho blows with his
loro paws and fast pressed tho girl into a cor
hqt. where she could no longer defend her
self* Meanwhile the dog renewed his attack
in the rear of the bear, but without effect.
Ihei monster succeeded in getting the girl in
his fearful embrace. Tho mother was stand
ing outside of tho pen. Seeing tho desper
ate situation of her daughter, she jumped
into tho stye, and with the iron oar
dealt terrible blows on the head and neck
of the savage beast. These blows, together
with the fierce onset made by tho dog, caused
tbo bear to forego his murderous intentions
toward the girl. She escaped from his
clutches with her dress almost torn from her
person, and bleeding from wounds inflicted
m the struggle. Again she took the axe, and
with true courage kept up tho fight.
Tho bear now became alarmed. With a
single bound ho went over the edge of the
pig-pen, the dog hanging on to his hind
quarters. When but a few feet from the
pen, tho hear once more turned on his tor
mentors, and would, without doubt, have
vanquished his foes had it not been for the
timely arrival of two men, who. while pass
ing the farm honsc, had heard the noise of
tho fight. They were on their way homo
from a wood lot, where they had been work
ing during the day. One of them had a
rifle on his shoulder, and without ceremony
bo put an end to tho struggle by shooting
the bear. Tho wome«
renc young girl was so severely hurt
that she was unable to help herself out of
the pen. She was carried to the house, and
one of the men went to tho nearest neighbors
for assistance. Both mother and daughter
were found to ho suffering intensely from
excitement. Proper restoratives were ad
ministered, and they passed tho night com
fortably. At Inst accounts both of them
were able to be about tho bouse os usual.
The bear weighed 242 pounds. The carcass
was divided up among tho neighbors, who
not only appreciated the savory moat, but
loudly praised tho heroic conduct of Miss
Beardsly and her mother.
JOAQUIN MILLER,
An Interview with Joaquin Miller—He
Says He Thinks Long Hair Beautiful
-He Pats Oil on His Hair and Salrc
His Beard—Other Things About
<n>
Hkin and with this idea uppermost
y'OTJ': mind. the Chronicle representative
111 j®-* his way to the abode of Joaquin
Trended u previously crammed himself
Miller, ogt morcffliuj of the Sougs of
-with tho choitv
the Sierras.” t a t homo” at tho Cos-
Ho found the pOc. ‘’ently tapping at his
mopolitau Hotel, j*. mysterious sprite in
chamber dour, hko tho well-modulated
Poe’s Karen,” a low, Without cerc
voico answered, “Como in/* aud met
mony the Chromed* poet onU. havo been
with a cordial reception, as might. 'r of the
expected. The distinguished antbv. :sfor
Songs of tho Sierras” had the usual nu. n
tune of poets—ho was assigned
dingy, dart, and dreary-looking Hit!.*' i
room, better befitting a criminal 1
than a poet. A wosbstaud, a can pit?
of chairs, a looking-glass, a bed. aud
a carpet all tbo worse for wear, constituted
the upholstery of his palatial apartment- A
few moments of conversation aud Miller foil
into a dreamy mood, as if his soul, sickened
by its surroundings, longed fur tho great
temple of nature, whore his looking-glass
would bo tbc starry heavens-bis chair the
arm of some stately tree, his carpet the
bright preen grass waving" over mother
earth. Then suddenly raising his head, ho
slowly and with some bitterness, said:
44 They put mo hero lost night, and this
morning they made a thousand apologies,
assuring me that I should have abetter room
immediately: but I simply replied that if*
this was good enough for mo last night, it is
good enough to-day,” Turning, to the look
ing-glass, no asked, with a smile that was
childlike and bland, “Do you think my
hair is too long f O, I love to wear loug hair
but I mav have to cut it.” [Terrible calam
ity I] Tuldng a small comb irom his satchel,
ho ran it through his yellow-golden locks,
and with tho glance of u guileless girl his
light blue eyes were glued to tho mirror. This
was all beautiful and poetic—just what we
had expected: but tho poet somewhat
marred tho sweet simplicity of the occasion
by emptying a portion of tuo contents of a
bottle of hair oilinto his delicate white hands
and applying the aromatic liquid to his gold
en tresses with all tho enthusiasm of a dark
browed tousorial artist. Then came another
horror—ho applied salvo to his board, and
getting this product of a manly nature
smoothed down,ho ran his handsover it with
patriarchal sweep. Taking a last look at lus
mirror, ho again exclaimed with poetic sim
plicity, 44 1 think long hair is beautiful; don’t
yon f Asa matter of course, wo joined in
the poet’s mood, aud with honeyed accents
exclaimed, “Very beautiful;” whereat
Joaquin smiled a very pleasant smile.
A woman would call Joaquin Miller hand
some, because women are sympathetic, and,
seeing lines of core and sorrow traced upon
his countenance, sympathy would be
aroused. The poet weighs probably about
ISO pounds, standard weight, aud without
bemg a gourmand enjoys the pleasures of the
culinary art.. In height he is scarcely about
medium, say, five feet nine inches scant.
Should say some thirty or more winters had
conspired, to turn his hair gray, and hadn’t
succeeded by considerable. His eyes—ah!
his eyes—the windows of his poetic soul, are
blue violet and somewhat sou in expression.
His figure is slight, pale, stooping, and with
a timidity m his very step which is almost
painful—a peculiarity which is permissible
iprtbve poet. His voice is thin, low, and
slightly hesitating, and suggests a tendency
to consumption. His head is handsome, and
bis sunny hair grows low down upon a
broad forehead.
His whiskers and moustache arc lighter
and glossier even than bis hair, and partly
conceal a very sensitive mouth. He speaks,
bttio and smiles seldom; but when he does,
cither the effect is charming, as might be ex
pected under the circumstances. When Bv
rou smiled, a bevy of admiring fair ones laid
down their hearts at his feet. Quito proper.
There is nothing about his make-up which
is remarkable; his pants, waistcoat,
nad coat are m tho prevailing stylo,
lucre is no stndicd negligence, no scarlet
neck-tie array, no pants in boots, no
shirt collar that ought to bo in
the wash. He looks like a gentleman and
treats every one as a gentleman. A lady of
some pretensions having interviewed Joa
quin, wrote him down thusly: “He i°. proba
bly the most unpretending mau that ever
turned tho heads of poet lovers. Springing
from oblivion to the position of a
blazing star so suddenly, and yet show
ing utter unconsciousness of his atti
tude of brilliancy, is a proof of his
genuineness as a songster. Ho looks like a
man who was familiar with sorrow, but who
was too proud to cry out iu his suffering, ex
cept nowaud then iu a rhythmedwall,which
brvuffUt responsive teow from all whnlU-
tened. Like all such wild minstrels, ho can
not sing at will, consequently, he has turned
a deaf ear to the princely offers which have
been made to him. by publishers. Wheu
he has completed, one poem he
has no reason to‘ believe that ho can ever
furnish another, and so, like n comet in
the heavens of literature, ho is likely to re
main.” All of which must ho taken cum
gi ano salif. Coming hack to plainest prose,
there are two features in the person of Joa
quin Miller which will convict him'of being
a genius: First, bis golden .hair, softer than
silk, bowing loosely down bis shoulders;
and, secondly, a soniprrro. which has a certain
outlandish look, strangely in contrast with
the hat of the period. To his credit he it
said, no diamond (or past e) rings, orpin, or
studs ornament his person: nor are other
jewels or.chains visible.
The poet does not banker aftcrgroatcitics.
To use a mining vulgarism; lie generally
sells them short.” He inclines with phi
losophers to the belief that they* are sores on
the m.dy politic. Ho is decidedly averse-to
spending his time therein, for ho fails to
catch tho rays of inspiration so necessary to
the poet. Their noise, hurry, and excite
ment produce nervousness iu his sensitive
nature. There is not enough of sunshine,
fresh air, and forest trees to please the poetic
element. He prefers, if he most sook on. liv
ing animals, tne hear to the dandy. In tlu w
former ho beholds the savage brute foaming
through the forests at will, a sort of mon
arch among beasts, while the dandy ialooUed.
upon as a contemptible excrescence of c]LYiJi
zatiou. The poet carries his dislike o'j C itir
to such an extent that ha will scar 'iy
lievethev are the great centres o f thou' XT
without which his name anal r
perish from tho world's Isis* T>:f£?}£
visited some great mctropc&s \?J* i
long and night weary nutf hS
froedoni once more m sle*
solilmlcH of nature and le
the mysterious forces- ]L lu ,V V i\^° r f n,lu
The poet was so •’bicli they abound,
i Erst circles iu Lur "armly received by the
tlmsiasticaUy 1«; d ““.V 1 V™ rk s B°‘-Ir
itis no wonrtV .A' 11 by tbe LngliaU critics
ai .v ho is an ardent admirer of the
looVt c. Indeed his success in Eng
roalitv more like a dream to him than a
in mvitatiousupon invitations poured
,y .1 him, hut he seldom accepted them,
01 .rring the quiet anti loneliness of a soli
tary life to tho excitement of public and
private assemblages. Great lords and noble
ladies could not woo and win him from the
inclination of his natural instincts.
While in New York eity Miller felt like a
ship-wrecked mariner who hud lost his
pass and was out at sea with"***
chart, or guide. The
demess of
tin*’
—*Ul
.yviw rudder,
was 39 of a wil
—inanity, fleeing Jiithcr and
—<r» like so many ghostly shadows. Ho
ficon tired of tho panorama and fled West,
forgetting to visit the great “Hub of the
Unversed thus slighting tho Bostonians,
xlad ho gone there, ho would undoubtedly
have been cordially received, for the Boston
great and small, and tho Boston
Bine .Stockings, handsome and homely, aro
ardent worshippers of genius, the more so
when discovered in tho wilds of Oregon.
Tho poet seemed to bo greatly astonished
when ho learned that Boston was the groat
literary mart of the Kew World, and that
no genius in America could consider itself
robed in tbq immortal toga until tho fastid
ious Bostonians had given their verdict,
“Well/’ he said, I did not know that.”
We ventured to ask Mr. Miller if ho was
pleased with the looks of the Qnocn City of
the Pacific and its surroundings. He an
swered, “Oh. yes; but I shall soon get away,
I am going to Oregon, atd will afterward
make a trip to Soatu America and cross tho
Cordileras, starting from Calao and reaching
Valparaiso.
To talk with and write abont a poet and
not bring in tho divine sex would 00 sacri
ligious. With a blushing modesty wo in
formed that Joaquin that we had the honor
of tho acquaintance of a small congregation
of ten ladies who were great admirers of the
poet, and desired to make his acquaintance.
Oh, certainly,” he said; but von see I
could not receive anybody here. I will got
more pleasant quarters whoro I shall no
glad to receive yourself and friends. 1 sec
but very little of women, go seldom in
their society and yet they are my
wannest friends.” After a pause he contin
ued: “I have one friend, however, who is
my constant companion, and indeed my only
one, here he is. Walt Whitman—handing
me a copy of tho gray old poet. Joaquin was
very enthusiastic over alt, whom ho con
sidered one of tho greatest geniuses of this
or any other age. The moment wo found op
portune for taking our departure, and saj’ing
a word in regard to our unceremonious visit,
thc.poct answered: “Kot at all. There’s
always a freemasonry between gentlemen.”
THE APACHES.
Order from General Sheridan.
nEAUQUAUTnts military division)
ot hie Missonn.
Chicago. 11L. Nov. 20,1571. S
G ®P r, AiflT* out tlie wishes of the
tary of the Interior and
the Secretary of War relating to the
southern and other roving hands of Apache Indi
ans, the following Is ordered;
1. Tho Valley of the Tulorosa, in Mexico, be
ginning at the headwaters of this river and its
tributaries in the mountains,andoxtendingdown
the Tulorosa ten miles each side for a distance of
thirty miles, Is declared and hereby announced
to be an Indian reservation, for tho sole
use of the southern and other roving
bands of Apacbo Indians, now in. or who
may hereafter come into New Mexico, their
agents and other otlicers, and such officers and
employes of the military service as may bo desig
nated by competent military authority.
a. The Indians at tho Canada Alamosa Agency,
ond all roving Apaches now in New Mexico, are
hereby commanded to go immediately to tho Tul
orosa Reservation, remain there and preserve
peaceable relations with the government, tho
white people, and with each other. They are no
tified that they will not bo permitted to place
their old men. women and children on tho reser
vation, and send their young men
and braves on tbo wnr-path. As long as tho In
dians remain on tho reservation, and conduct
themselves peaceably, they will be fully protect
ed and provided for by the government; If tnoy
fail to go upon the reservation In duo time after
having been informed of this order, or leave it
after having once gone there, they will become
objects of suspicion—liable to attack as hostile.
The terms and conditions of this order will bo ap-
Slied to all Apaches who may hereafter go into
icw Mexico.
3. All concerned arc hereby notified that tho
government is determined. If possible, to pre
serve peace between the whites and Indiana, and
to allow neither to depredate or trespass on tho
other, and it Is tho command of the President
that tho Indians bo protected on tbevr reserva
tion, and under no pretence shall their reaosvu
lion bo trespassed upon, nor ehalL it bo fuvndb<i
except under the leadership of tut: ewamanding
officer having charge of them.
4. Tho troops will co-opcra to and aid tho
Indian Bureau to tho full extent Of their ability
in transferring Indians to the Tulorosa Boser
l ration. A military post will bo established as
soon as practicable, and full protection given to
be Indians who remain peaceably on tin reser
vation. If, from want or supplies, tho Indian
Bur'Viu shall aft any time bo unable to provide
ortho Indians on thS reservation, such issues
‘llbomadefrorto the strut supplies as may bo
cssary for the support of all the Indians who
BoodfalUi.
if The Commanding General Department of
iim sil our l la charged with executing this order,
Md trik issuing such further Instructions as
mov w ii. ‘‘ccssanr to accomplish the purposes In
i-*c will have tho various bands of rov
in New Mexico, or who may hereof-
It* tT.'*Tv'» informed as soon as practicable
nf therenus eii u,ntß herein set forth, and at the
season will fix more spcclfi
mUt thebonnSu-ioa of their reservation.
»I no'tlco to Imlinns and -whiles
of tho poffey a.hove defined, the Department
rUmfinVpr W feel assured that whatever
SSESSS. of h<f may adopt to reduce
thSi> Apaehes to ./peac-W and subordinate
condition, will be on proved hy tho Uor Depart
ment nud the President,
By command of Lieiu-fuant-G enonil Sheridan
Official* JAMAS U. rRT,
Assistant Adjutant General.
SHIRTS.
SHIRTS.
ffew York Mills Muslin, and 2300
Linen, to order, 936.
Wamsntta Mnskn, and 2100 tinea,
$33.00.
Lonsdale Mnslio, and 2100 Linen,
$30.00.
jy Gnffa and Nock Bands ar® ALL LINEN, Centre
Plaits of Bosoms Three-ply. Perfect? satisfaction given
or money cheerfully refunded.
WILSON BOOS.,
931 Wntoasta-av., 6S West Washington-st, Chicago, and
STORAGE.
STORAGE.
Our large, new and. commodi
•ns Warehouse is now com
pleted, situated coruerßcacli and
Scbor-sts.' directly on the track
of the Pennsylvania and Chi
cago, Alton A St* Louis Railroad
tracks, and reached hy ALL the
railroads entering the city* Gen
eral storage on reasonable terms*
Apply on the premises*
BBAYLEY A PATTERSON.
MUSICAL.
BUCK’S
S6EBi MOtGltG GOiCtiOi
A work of unusual wsrit. Said to exceed in beauty
exon Uie first collection, ■which has been received with
great favor.
It contains about 50 Motettea, ono-fourth original,
anc the remainder skilful adaptations to Church pur
poses of rausio by Beethoven, Mendelssohn, Haupt
man. Liszt. Cherubini. Nenkonm and others.
Mr.-Dudiey Buck, tho author, is one of the lasers by
tho Great Fire, but fortunately saves his reputation,
which la among the highest as a composer, ami his Blo
tettes. which should be to him a new beginning of good
fortune.
Price, lb Cloth, {2,75; In Boards, fc.so.
LYON A HEALY,
337 West itndiaon-3t-,Cmcag>.
VEIiVETEEHS
VELVETE'iISI
We have ju gf of
our otvn imp a full
and compter teUneof VelveU
eens, tn bit _ _
tck and colors, of
eavyanc light tceights that
tee at e o jf erins at ol|r UHUa i.
lylotct
J prices.
f
also invite attention to
ect Jed bargains in Jlleri
nos Empress Cloths, Sat
ms, and loie-priced Dress
*oods, that have been recent
ly purchased at auction and
othertcise, at much less than
cost of importation.
BOWEN,
HUNT
WINDOW
feORSTEE.
naas-if. in «ow.
DRUGS.
SUIT k EDSAU,
Successors to J. H. Keed Co.,
WnOItESJULE
DRUGGISTS,
619 STATE-ST,,
are now prepared to fill all or
ders, having received since the
fire a complete stock of all goods
in their line.
LOST.
LOST AT THE FIRE.
One; trunk, marked “BBOSS,
B. S. A.”; one packing trunk,
marked “Bross,” with woollen
clothing, women’s; one fine pic
ture, landscape, with cattle,
horses, etc., hy J. F, Bcrriug,
name on the picture; one buggy,
with single harness, horse blan
ket, etc.; one bundle of women’s
clothing, lace fan marked J. L..
8., and other articles.
"Whoever will leave informa
tion with the Cashier of the Trib
une, 13 South Canal-st., or drop
a line, with place where they or
any of them can be found, to WM.
BROSS, Tribune office, or at No.
6 Sixteenth—•»
rewarded. -v-
HATS. CAPS AND FURS,
SWEET, DEMPSTER Id.
WHOLESALE
HATS, CAPS, FUSS,
Would respectfully ar.- >lollnce to
their customers, t hc trade
generally, that the'. r buyer is now
In the Eastern Vv.arKcts for the
second time S’- llce the lire, and
that they are splendid
CAPS, nuts, and
ROBES o£ all kinds) suitable for
first-clacity trade. Call and.
sec us ut 59 and 61 West Waslt
mgtfo-st.
S’tVEET, DEDIPSTER CO.
TEAS AND TOBACCO.
I'KililM, GILCHRIST i CO.,
HTonroe-st, corner Wabash-av,,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
TEAS, TOBACCO,
Syrups and Spices.
Confining ourselves, for the
present, to the sale of these Coods,
we invite the attention of onr cus
tomers and the trade to the
LARGEST STOCK ever brought
to this market, which we offer on
as favorable terms, and at LOW
ER PRICES than any house west
of the Atlantic cities.
SLEIGH SHOES.
SLEIGH SHOES
36» 38) 40) and 43-Inch Cast Iron
(CHILLED)
808 SHOES,
for male cheap, by RHODES Sc BRAD.
LEY, 60 ITlnrhel-at.
SAFES.
SAFES!
MACNEALE URBAN’S.
J. Iff, TERWIUJ6EB, Agent,
27 South Canal-st., and 61 West
Lake-st., Chicago, 3QL
These Safes have proved themselves teas Salamjo.
den Call at onr office and s«o the certificates of merit
from many of the Pest firms la the city.
We Pare a large lot of Safe*on hand, andmore to ar>
lire Immediately. If von consider your ornt'interests,
von mil call and see ns oef «re purchasing any other
»ind of Safe than those of the above make.
SEWING MACHINES.
Important Notice.
in persons who held a Bewe Sewing ®s
chine on lease, and paying for the same In
monthly Instalments, and who fonurly re
sided In the BEBXT DISTRICT, are respect
fully requested to call at the Office of The
Bowe Sewing Machine Co., 239 S. Babted-st.,
and glre Information in reference to the
same. Ton are earnestly requested to give
this yonr Immediate attention, as we desire
to ascertain whether the Machine was sared
or lost.
TBE BOWE 9UCHHIE CO.,
CROCKERY.
A. LIEBENSTEIN CO.,
819 Bichigan-av., near Twelfth-si.,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
CROCKERY,
Table Glassware and Lamp Goods,
DRY GOODS.
JOHN V. mi ELL
60.,
M 7 249 lonroe-st.
We are happy to announce that ve
are in oar new quarters with a full
line of goods in all departments)
which we are offering at the lowest
rates. Onr facilities are ample to
meet the demands of the trade.
Orders will be filled, 'promptly, and
satisfaction gnara'j'^i
STETTAia WINEW,
Fosters jobbers op
t j)EY GOODS
AND NOTIONS,
Uespetlfally Inform their friends and the
trade at targe, that they have opened their
new (tore at
126 Ifliclilgan •ay.,
Between Madison and lonroe-sfs,, East Front,
WHh their former large stoth and extensive
variety la every Department.
in orders win bare onr prompt and faith*
Ital attention at LOWEST PRICES.
FIJfANCIAX,.
NOTICE.
Redemption of 5-20 Bonds of 1862.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT,
September l, isn.
By virtue of the authority given by an Act of Con
gress approved July A. IS7O, entitled “An Act to au
thorize the refunding of the nations debt,” I hereby
give iotlco that tho principal and accrued Interest o
tho bonds hcrcln-below designated, known as Five-
Twenty Bonds, will be paid at tho Treasury of tha
United States, in the City of Washington, on or after
the first day of December next, and that tho interest
on said bonds will cease on that day. That U to say
Coupon Bomls known as Urn first series. Act of rob
ruary 25,1862, dated Slay 1,15G2, numbered os follows
Ito 30699, inclusive, of S3O each.
Ito 4357” 100
Ito 40011, 500
Ito 741W, 1,000
And Registered Bonds of the same Act:
Ito 595, inclusive, of SSO «ncb-
Ito 4103, 100
ItO 1599, 500
Ito 8906, 1,000
ItO 2665, 5,000 M
Ito 2906, 10,000
The amount outstanding (embraced in tho ntimber,
no above) la one hundred million (£100,000,000) dollars.
Coupon Bonds of the Act of February 35, 1502, worn
issued In four distinct series. Bonds of tho first series
(embracing those described above) do not bear tho
scries designation upon thorn, while those of tho sec
ond, third, and fourth scries are distinctly mar ltd on
the faco of tho bomls.
United States securities forwarded for redemption
should bo addressed to tho “Loan Division Sccrcta
iy’s Office. J. F. HARTLEY,
Acting Secretary.
He Joliet M k Steel Go.
Will sell at public auction for account of
1 _ _ ua Tuesday, Decem
ber 5,1571, at it o'clock a. m., at ttic oflp*o of the Third.
National Bank, Chicago. No. 3T6 Wabash-ar., forty
thousand dollars of tho first mortgage bonds of tho
Chicago, Danville Vincennes Railroad Company.
JOUST IRON A STEEL CO.
By J. IT. Wrecx, Scr.vetary and Treasury.
MOSEY TO IOM
bn collateral security, by E. JACOBS. 23 Quincy-at,
between State and Dearborn. Office boors, from 9ln
the moraine till 4 in the evening.
CIGARS.
HAVANA CIGARS.
The undersigned are receiving by weekly at earner
foil assortment of tlic moat desirable brands of Havana
Cigars. Their stock Is large and thoroughly assorted*
enabling them at all times to fill orders promptly, wltb
the freshest and moat desirable goods, and at the low*
est prices. Price lists will be forwarded on applies*
tlon Tho following brands aro among those whloft
they receive regularly
La Boss da Santiago.
La Antiguedad.
Fiords! rumor.
PartAgat.
Cabanas.
Flraro.
Eapanola.
Henry Clay.
TngywTilrtaA.
Intimid&d.
Bos alia.
LaKojtrra.
Affnila Unireml*
Eacapcion.
Moriaiaal.
71ord« Lazo.
0. Gonzales.
Asalia da Oro*
Cnumxca.
Upmann.
Ozrgaera.
Aclaracian.
Legitimidad.
Marian,
PARS T3XFOR9,
921 and 923 Broadway.
gNew York. Ang. I 1871.
“Citj of tan,”
33 West Uladiscm-st.,
is the only place in Chicago where CIO-AES
are retailed at wholesale prices. Call and be
convinced.
HARDWARE.
J. L. WAYNE SON,
WO. 14 NOETH CAWAL-ST.,
(Late 190 Lafce-et,) bare a toll lino of
Cabinet, Builders’ and General
HARDWARE,
Upholsterers’ Goods Undertakers’
Trimmings.
Than king frienda for past patronage, we ask a con
tinuance of the some.
BUILDERS’ HARDWARE
AND TOOLS.
J. K. TYLER, No. 260 Stase-st.
ROOFING FELT.
JUST ARRIVED,
Per Anchor Line Steamship
“Enropa,”from Glasgow, Scot
land. abont «,000 yards patent
asphalte roofing felt, and abont
3.500 yards ship sheathing, or
slater’s felt. Sample at onr tem
porary office, 43 South Canal-st.,
Room t.
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
SKATES.
SKATES,
AND SLEIGH BELLS,
AT
BRINTNALL, TERRY BELDEN’S,
Wholesale Hardware, 75 WestLate-st.
MACHINERY.
c. g.^coopeeT&^co.,
Office 10 and 12 West Bawlelph-st.,
Mannfectore Stationary and Portable En
gines of all elses. Circular Saw IfUla, and.
Flouring Still Machinery.
send for Illustrated circular.
WOOD, TAfyifß MORSE,
EATON, MADISON COUNTY, N. Y.,
MANTJEACTmtBRS OP
Steam Engines,
Portable, Stationary Agricultural.
Hundreds in use in Shops, Printing Booms, Mills.
Mines, and on Farms and Plantations, for Grain
Threshing, Food Cooking for Stock. Cotton Ginning
Sairlng, Ac. lyCircalara sent on application.
V
5-
3