k- I
m tm fitim$.
IVOVtfW'
TBR ORB OA.1AAW L.WYEB.
WVntontlfrUfSlmveCrrek.
Where wblppoorwiHa scream and boll-frogs aqneak,
ere Bred" nigh cBta ten yrara ago.
A. iralliie lawyer, that every nun, woman and cuud fur
twenty aillr round u bleeged to know.
Samnel Jutinalnc was tbU lawyer's name.
Bat be answered to Sam., Just the same.
Ee tended court, drank barrels of red-eye.
And la am Innocent game of seren-iip, cuaU steal a ace with
the beat of em how's that fur high I
Th folks in the County thought Sam. was hanky.
For ts ranch and tumble ha waa rpanky;
In fact, ray friend, 'twlit you and I,
Baas, chasing wsa n slouch, bat one of them Imuy boys
witb a round, class eye.
The story Roes, and I lietleve it's trne.
That Sam. at "draw" waa rather a few.
Twaa a dead anre tblnj. when thejory ra"n t nigh.
For 8tmto entertain a select party in hi tack room, with
a quiet little game called -chickcn-ple.
One dark, rainy nlghtln the month of Jnne.
.n .JL. lit l,f9 mnA there SI1! t BUV mOOS.
8am. awaked at Ben. Adama'. aayinc the weather waa cool,
And immeliutlr collected a party of fonr, that would hare
boon a ornament to any Sunday SUhwL
They met at Sama room, at candla-UgU.
And the odd were even far a regular Bleat.
The keenls were brooeht out. and waa the jajt
But Sam-'a rlaaaea brine awn at, the gueate had reeoarao
upon his old, broken nro.
Sam faarmj; an eye to the one main chance.
Determined the bet a to his music ahoald danr;
So, ateaiins four ace from the well worn pack.
He stowed them snugly beneath the old pfae table, in a very
coBTenicnt crack.
Ben. Adams, sly doc. aaw the cnte trick.
And on Sama left aat him down rlx"
ThoretoftheboyaaontktlKJrphaeat
In the hnrrr of the deal, Ben. saw the chance, and awapped
hia hand for Sul'i acea.
Thi draw eommeaeed. when Tn4.WJnj
rat boas, takes no Iccrd, and beta ten dollars
"BjJfedi"saraBrn,-"li,4pUln Pt
WhVeafeardf-I see your ten iMIara, and rlee yon fifty
better'ntbat!"
Sam, Uiider keerleaa. t.ik np his hant
Aa Ben. watched him door to see if he d stand.
.Sukireringa bob-tail. ootSam. roared:
Tn dcrhed if 8am. J.Jiiwina; playe in any alch game
there'a cheatln' round tbleboardl'-
'Xmjtulmm,lmJHemo9m.n
When the United States arniy started fur Utab,
there was a scarcitj of traiiHportation,or, in other
words, there were too few liaggage wagons. Now,
every soldier Inons bow like the apple of one's
eyes are throe same baggage wagons, drawn as
they are by eix mules, on the long inarches across
the plains. A colonel of dragoons, who had com
mand of put of the columns, restricted the officers
very much in their allowance of liaggage,and was
most bitter if any one tried to exceed the jnst
auionut. Ono morning the colonel met one of bis
captains (a dragoon, of course), when he burst out
as follows.
"Captain, do yon know what these artillery of
cers want to take acros3 the plains!"
"No, colonel, I do not," said the captain, with
an inquiring look.
"Well," said he, "if you'll believe me, there's
one of 'em wants to take across a box of books."
"Books V exclaimed the captain;'what next,
I wonder! Now, colonel, I have bnt little .to take
across myself nothing, iu fact, but a barrel of
whisky."
"Ofeoarse, captain, of ennrse; anything in rea
son, anything in reason; but the idea of carrying
a parcel of books across that stretch is a little more
thanl can stand."
A Sampleiaaa-" Caaatrraaaa.
A xealous representative of the Yonng Men's
Christian Association was, a few days ago, dram
ming np recruits ror tuo "noon prajer meeting."
On the street he met Mr. now residing out
side the citr limits. The representative of the
Young Men's Chnstian Association accosted bun,
and the following conversation ensued:
"Do you resido in the city, Mr. J"
"No. sir: I live in the conntry."
JWe have a prayer meeting around here, and
wouia no giaa 10 nave menu trout ine country
meet witb us; will yon comer'
(Suspiciously) "A prayer meeting!
"Yes, sir; come in and get a blessing."
(More suspiciously) "No, you don't; yon can't
come any of your confidence games on me, sir!"
He had evidently been reading the papers.
Expkctixo an Idka. Two Dutchmen living
opposite each other, who had for many years been
in the habit of smoking liv their door-sides in si
lence, at length broke forth into the following di
al ojrnc:
"What sort of wedder you tiuk it will lie to-day,
neighbor V
The other, after two or three hasty puffs, re
plied: "Well, I don't know; what sort of wedder yon
tink it will bet"
The first, somewhat nettled:
"I tink it will bo sntb wedder as yon tiuk it
will be."
The other, ncnuiescingly:
"Well, I tink so too."
A YOUNG man from Kentncky, who undertook
to open a conntry store in the mountains of East
Tennessee, came to speedy ruin becanse he was
"too nippy" for that region. He wore a stove
pipe hat, had his "boots blacked each day, and
mounted a fresh collar every morning, all of which
served to disgust the natives, who said he put on
too much Kentncky blnegrass socirty style for
them. But still he was endured nntil the women
learned that he had hia shirts made to lmtton np
behind. That they could not and would not stand,
and when the fair sex turned against him, all
further straggles with fate became useless. The
yonng man's stock in trade was disposed of bv the
Sheriff,
Tire Boston Post says: A Connecticut manu
facturer, desiring to stock his pond with black
bass, wrote to Greelev to inquire the way to hatch
them.- The philosopher replied: "By all means
set the eggs under a southdown hen. Bnt if yon
want bass for eating, the lest plan is to set nut an
orchard of .bass wood trees, and pluck the fruit as
it matures.
Tire St. Paul notaries administer the'following
oath:
Yon do solemnly swear that yon signed the fore
going instrument of your own free will and ac
cord, withont equivocation, provocation or fear
of God. and that yon will fnrnish the notary and
subscribing witness with two glasses of beer'each.
A Wester Vpt tells a story of a man who,
having gone into a heaw purchase of pork on a
falling market, was overheard praying in the fol
lowing style 0, Lord, for my sake, Jnst advance
hogs one cent per hundred, and I won't par but
9 per hundred for any more. Amen."
It is enrions to observe what a mnddle children
sometimes make of theirlossons. A little Win a
mission school in New Bedford, leing asked to
state what he knew ahont Samson, promptly re
plied, "He was. Jesns' brother, as got hnng np to
a tree by his hair."
lF'.f?T rof'mporary. Rricham Yonng wore
an additional "weed" on his hat every time he
lost trife or mother-in-law. it is estimated bis
hat wnnld have to be twenty-seven feet high.
"He'd be a weedower with a vengeance," remarks
a Scotch friend.
"Wirr, you'd lietter knock the door down!
What do you want!" "Och. my darling! don't
let me wake any of your familv. I'm jnst nsing
your knocker to wake the people next door. I'm
locked otttyiPyesee; andthey'veniveraknockerT
Thk Providence Journal discnaaini? the nnestion
aa to how soon a mob should lie fired on, says:
"We think that nnder anch cirenmstancrw 'pa
tience ceases to be a Tirtne after a second brick,
and is not much of a virtne after the first."
A BARK-BKADEO, bare-footed little hoy astonish
ed a worshipping congregation in a Maasarhnsetts
town, on a recent Snnday, bv rushing into church
and exclaiming: "Where's mv papa! The pigs
areost!"
A MAX who was driving a cow throngh the
streets of Wanpnn. Wis, was so mnch tlnsteratcd
oy a sndden bow from a lsdv that in return Tie
made a bow to the cow, and threw a stone at the
lady.
Mr. Grekixt's agricultnral labors have done
ftn gd. While be has been showing his coun
trymen how to cnltivate the smiling fields, he has
supplied them with laughing stock;
Bio Sister: "Oh, papa, I must go to hear Nils
jon. Yonknow I'm so fond of mnsie!" Jnvenile
Brother, triumphantly. "Then why don't von let
me play on my dram J
-A Western paper, chronicling the-death of a
ynnng man, savs he was estimable, pious, a trne
christian, and tho best base ball "short stop" in
the section.
The "Marqnis of Lome" shirt has made its ap
pearance in New York. It is something of a nov
elty, bnt too elevated for general use.
The latest enphnism tor red hair is Schenectady
color, Schenectady being, as all New York railroad
travellers know, a little beyond Auburn.
Jlr. was an intelligent youth who defined Dar
m aa "one who aaid we degenerated from monk-
BbferU11 m 5the3r green-
tj p
o
ex aBB8Mire es.
Two vears ago many bogs' were partially or
wholly lost, by liecoming tainted after they were
dressed, and before the meat cooled off. One in
stance came to our knowledge, where two fine
hogs, each weighing 400 pnnds, were injured by
taint. They were dressed in quite n cool day,
thoroughly cleaned and washed off with cold wa
ter. They were, hnng np nnder a shed, where a
cool breeze -blew over them, and Jet the next
uiorui ng .there was'a perceptible taint in the car
casses,
To prevent this the body should be split down
the whole length by-'dividfaig the back bone.
This willxlmit t air,' allow the animal beat to
escape, aaat keep the meat sweet.
Quite eetd weather wiUnet alwavs prevent a
taint. It. diOiot'ln the case' alluded to almve.
It is snppoaeu by some' that it is even safer to
dress when the thercmometer stands at about 40.
The reason given is, that when the weather is
quite cold, the skin contracts and prevents the
animal heat from escaping. Whether this is so
in not, we do not know.
This, however, is quite certain, that if the
carcass is split down, there will be little or no
danger of the meat becoming tainted; if it is not
there is danger; and it is so trifling a work to do
it, that it is very poor economy to omit it.
In sending hogs to market, it wonld undoubted
ly be more convenient to handle them wholy,
than if cut apart, and it may be safe enough to
keep them whole in snch hogs as are usually sent
long distances, those weighing only from 200 to
300 ponpds.
In the winter of 1868. we listened witb mnch
interest to a lecture by Prof. Gamgee, of London,
upon "The Principles Involved In the Preserva
tion of Meats," before the State Board of Agricul
ture, at Amherst, Mass. In the course of his re
marks he said:
"Even in winter a lof of hogs may be killed in
the evening, and whilst still warm packed in carts
ready for delivery early next morning. The car
casses buried lieneath others heat. The cold hogs
remain intact, bnt the hams of the lower ones
taint in pickle. Masses of frozen hams termed
'green,' m the trade that is, which have been"
a few days in "salt are sent from the West to
New York, are purchased by provision dealers;
they are tested, and apparently sound; but when
spring-time comes and a thaw super eues, largo
quantities of these hams turn. The salt has not
penetrated. A putrefying centre has been sur
rounded by ice; all has remained stationary so
long as the temperature has been low; but the in
stant heat supervenes, the process advances, and
the entire hams turn sour.
This shows the very great importance of so
managing as to allow all the heat to escape as
soon as possible after the animal is dressed.
isai
tare the Straw.
Farmers generally do not appear to appreciate
the value of straw, excepting iu seasons of great
scarcity of stock feed. If hay is plenty the straw
at threshing is piled into the yard in sueh a con
dition that a greater portion of it is destroyed for
any purpose save manure, when dollars of valne
might nave been uenveit trom it ny proper man
agement. As one of our exchanges has remarked,
"yon rarely see poor stock where there is a large
stack of bright straw. It makes a dry and shel
tered tyard, soft, dry lieds in the stall, and is
worth a great deal to work in with better fod
der." We have kept horses and yonnir cattle fat and
sleek in winter upon cut straw and a little irrain
wheat bran sometimes and with less expense
man couiii nave oeen wun nay ana grain, or even
hay alone. Horses which are not Kent for con
stant work and heavy draught, keep in better
ueaitn ana spirits on cut straw and ground grain
than npon bay. Almost any kind of stock save
milch cows will do equally well.
We believe it economy to feed some straw ev
ery w inter, because it contains medicinal quali
ties that promote the health of animals, and be
canse it saves other feed. No odds what the price
of hay is to-day, next season it may be three times
that amount, and what is saved now will lie on
band then. It is not a correct principle to feed
according to the amnnnt of fodder yon have on
hand, but to always feed with care, and not be
frightened if a mow or a few stacks of hay have
to be summered over. On every w ell-regnlated
farm there is sufficient feed prodnecd one year
with auotherto make perfect security against
want any time if judiciously managed. No far
mer should be coninelled to nnrchaso hav at hiuh
figures, unless under circumstances out of the
range of our reasoning.
When there is an abundance of straw it should
lie used plentifully for lieddiug, for it is transfor
med into maunre qnicker and more perfectly in
this way than in laying iu the yard to rot by natu
ral process.
Pig BreraTIaia; ausd aTeraHaa;.
Mr. Mechi, the prince of experimental farmers,
says the same rule applies to nics as well as to
other animals; choose the best male parent of
t.miet I.-1 ti. t
n iiiuiij- urew. u;i tuo urreuing sow wonc lor
her living, for If you feed her bountifully she will
get fat and have few pigs. But he says to have
good pigs, she must have the right sort of food to
make bone, muscle and fat; but avoid the fatal
mistake of giving the sow a large quantity of
roots before parturition. Let her run in pasture
and have a moderate supply of bran, a little meal
and boiled potatoes, a few tnrnips, but very few
mangolds; a moderate supply of peas, beans and
barley, or soaked Indian corn may bo added, also
clover and green beans in the pods.
Nothing comes amiss to the sow. The great
point is to given variety, and not too mnch of
one sort, especially roots. But after parturition
roots may be more liberally sHveu. esneeiallv
cabbage in conjunction with other food, bnt im
mediately after parturition the 'dist should be
sparing and cooling. In-cold weather, warmth
and shelter are indispensable. Never allows pig
to bury itself in stable manure or catch cold by
sleeping on the eold ground. For fattening pigs
nothing beats one-third pea meal and two-thirds
barley meal; If mixed with aldmmed milk, stea
med roots and potatoes, they grow and fatten very
fast. He fattened 900 riles one seaaorT without
losing any hj disease. -To promote ventilation
they were all placed on sparred, floors, and in hot
weather they were treated daily with a shower
bath which kept them very clean. He nnt straw
on the floors in eold weather, and he says pigs
pay in manure better than most other animals.
They shoidd have salt and plenty of pure water.
PUwiag tTaaler Saew.
A correspondent writes: For tho third time
quite an interesting case- has come under my ob
servation, which I think is worth recording. Ev
ery one has heard theold saying that "a late snow
is the poor man's manure evidently there must
be some foundation for it to rest npon, or it wonld
not lie so frequently repeated. Last fall, while
plowing for corn, there fell during the night about
three inches of snow; the preceding day was
clear in the morning, cloudy and very smoky in
the afternoon the next day when I began work
I bad a seven pace land about half done; I plow
ed this and three more lying in the middle of the
field, turning nnder the snow. Thelandisalight
friable clav,onerod as good as another, laving
alike, nitchinc slichtlv to the east, lio-bt aml'tnr.
ned under, and no manure used npon it during the
past fifteen years. The preceding crops, alike all
over the piece. I state this fully liecanse I flunk
all experiments should be so stated. Now the corn
on these 3 beds is at least one quarter larger than
any of the rest nearly every hill grew, while the
rest failed more or less; the division is so clearly
marked that there can lie no mistake about the
cause. Twice before in mv life I hail the, Him
experience with the same result; onoe with corn
and once with oats. Now why is this! We all
know how mnch more quickly grass starts in the
spring aiier a sap snow man a rain. Does the
snow bring down the smoke and gases from the
airv or why docs it produce a greater effect than
rain Snowy countries are always better grass
countries than those where snow seldom falls, and
there must be something in the snow to produce
this effect. D. S. B.
Wiaseriag aOsasa.
A few years ago we met a Western farmer who
waa growing two or three thonsand bushels of
onions yearly. They were sent chiefly to South
ern market, and most of them were wintered and
shipped iu the spring. He wintered the onions in
pits as we do potatoes, and found it a cheap and
successful method. The experience of two sea
sons has convinced us that it is a safe and excel
lent way of storing the crop nntil spring, and we
uiiiim uui Herniate 10 mist any quantity n pro
perly prepared. A moderate freezing it is well
known does not injnre tho onion, provided the
frost is drawn gradually, and it is not allowed to
freeze and thaw more than once.
The best conditions for keeping them are a dry
place and temperature jnst almve the freezing
point. These conditions may lie gained in a pro
perly constructed pit. First, the location should
be dry; then the nile sennld lie made narrow and
as bjgh as convenient and on the snrfaceof the
ground. We have covered with dirt only, nsing
no 'ne depth of twelve orelghteen inches,
according to exposure of the pit, and the onions
came ont crisp and aonnd in tho spring. The dan
ger to be avoided is heating; if too mnch cover
ing is nsed the entire pile will rot. It should be
remembered that some frost ia safer than too much
beat- Es.
Daxrrx Webstkb said of agriculture: "No
""Jjt s "to be independent of the suc
eoB"J this great interest, and no man is so low
as not to be affected by its prosperity or decline.
The cultivation of the earth is the most impor
tant labor of man.
v "j foe gantth
Unfrrap gift...
ttovpeb cemn.
One Autumn nbrht, whea the wind waa Ugh,
And the rain fell ia heavy plaahea,
A little boy aat by the kitchen fire,
A-nnpping cum in the ashes;
And his sister, a curly-haired child of three.
Sat looking on, just close to hia knee.
The blaat went howlin: round the house,
Aa if fo ret In twaa trybg;
It rattled the latch of the outer door.
Then It aeemed a baby crying:
Kow and then a drop down the chimney came.
And spattered and biased in the bright red flame.
"Pop! pop!" and tho kernels, caw by one.
Came out of the embers nyiaei
Tho bov held s long pine stick in hia band.
And kept it busily plying;
He stirred the corn, and it anapped the more.
And taater Jumped to the clean-swept floor.
Fart of the kemela hopped out one way.
And a part hopped out the other;
Some flew plump into the sister's lap.
Some under the atool of the brother:
The little rirl gathered them into s heap:
'And caned them "a flock of milk-while sheep.''
All at once, the boy sat suH sa a moose,
And Into the fire kept gashtg;
Ba quite forgot he was popping corn.
For he looked where the fire waa blazing
He looked, and be fancied that he could aee
A house sad a barn, a bird and a tree.
Still steadily gaaed the hoy at theae.
And pnasy'a back kept stroking.
Till hia slater cried out: "Why, George,
Only aee bow the corn la smoking!"
And sure enough, whea the boy looked back,
The com hi the ashes waa burnt quite black.
"Never mind," said he; "we shall hare enough;
So now lefa sit back and eat it:
111 carry the atool, and yon the com
It'a good nobody can beat it."
Bhe took np the com la her pinafore:
And they ate it all, nor wiahed for more.
SO!G TOaV XOVEMBEtV.
The brown foes are rising.
The yellow leavea falling;
The song birds are silent.
The harsh winds are wailing.
The days have shrunk shorter.
The nighta hare grown longer;
Warmth becomes weaker.
Cold waxea stronger;
Yet. in close darkness.
Which no eye can aerer.
The world-atrength is shaping
Blossoms for ever.
Life b fast ainklng.
San like and bright.
Aa out of the heavens
rails the great night
Yet, fear I never
Leaving this earth-place:
And th soul, growing
With flod power vernal.
Will it not burst Into
Blossoms eternal
II THERK FIRK Iff THE AIRr-A BE--1UBKABLE
TIIB0RV.
A writer in the New York Evening Pott sets np
a remarkable story in regard to great fires. He
says: On the night of the 26th of December, 1S35,
I was sitting with a literary friend, about nine
o'clock, in one of the private boxes of Hamblin's
magnificent Bowery theatre. Suddenly the big
bell of the City Hall boomed loud and lone over
tun uiciniiNuis, nun xirc rire; ecuoeti arounu
and within the theatre. We were off in an in
stant, rushing out of the slaniminir doors, and on
ward toward the scene of the conflagration, w bich
was "glaring on night's startled eye" away don n
town.
When wo reached Wall street, near Water, the
Tontine Coffee House had caucht. and dark smoke
in huge masses, tinged with flickering flashes of
origin name, was uursting irom all the upper
windows. The night, aa all who were ont in it
will rememlier, was intensely cold. There was
bnt little wind, still as the fire advanced there
was plainly precentible the "food of fire" in the
air, as I firmly believe there always is in all great
conflagrations; something mysterious as yet, and
uuexplainable. It was so in our great fire, for I
saw its evidences myself, and I seo that reports of
the same evidences are mentioned as features of
the still more terrible and vastly greater confla
gration in Chicago, t bich has roused tho world."
Science, there is but little doubt, will find out by-and-by,
what this mysterious power is. and tell ns
how it works, and how it may lie guarded against,
if not conquered. Whether it is atmospheric or
electric, or whatever else it may lie, is yet to be
determined. A wonl or two more concerning this
subject a little further on.
Our meat fire travelled south ami west faster
than a man conld walk. Water froze in all the
gutters; thick ice coated all the hydrants, crunch
ed in the hoso pipes that encumbered the streets,
and lay in "floes" where there was a shadow from
the heat and the flame. But in a little while no
water was wanted. Engines were soon useless;
and no energetic "Sykes" was required to "take
the butt." Clouds of smoke, like dark mountains
suddenly rising into the air, were succeeded be
long banners of flame, rushing to tho zenith, and
roaring for their prey. Street after street caught
the terrible torrent, until over acre after acre there
was rolling and booming an ocean of flame! "AH
of this I saw. and part of it I was." The printing
offlceof the KnicUrboder, at first in South William
street, was moved three times far beyond the pre
vailing fire, but was gradually followed by the
raging enemy, an finally devoured.
As wo were standing npon the roof of the Ex
change, looking down npon the scene- when in
mid-progress, buildings farlieyond the line of fire,
and in no contact with it, burst into flames from
the interior. The same thing, I observe, happen
ed in Chicago, and was attributed to incendiaries;
but there were no incendiaries suspected in onr
great fire. What latent power enkindled the inside
of these advanced bnfldings, while externally they
were untouched! A scientific writer at one time
contended, I think in tho old Daily Jdrertuer, that
at a certain period there is what he called an "in
flammable vacnnm"intheair,whichisself-igniting
and irresistible. Perhaps a hundred years or so
from now some safeguard against this mysterious
element, now lying latent and sleeping in nature,
may lie discovered. It is not so very long since
the old tea-kettle first lifted its lid to the science
of steam, and talking around the world under
water is a mnch younger wonder.
Tke Oyswy Parliaaeewt.
Tho Gypsy parliament, which meets once in
every seven years, and consists of delegates from
all the countries of Europe, is expected to assem
ble soon near Constant, iu Germany. The king of
tuio uuiiutuic iaj is one josepn neinnarn, who
has reached the venerable age of 97 years. He
uas nan seven wives, anil is the father of 45 chil
dren. Onr American idea of the whole gypsy
tribe is rather unfavorable. They are regarded
generally as a set of horse and children stealers,
as few in number, and without organization or
government. Iu fact, there are no real gypsies
in this conntry. Bnt we find that there arc in
Spain about 40,000, in England more than 1S.0O0,
while Austria has 97,000, and Moldavia and Wal
lachia are the chosen homes of nearly 200,000
more. Their religion has been the subject of
mnch unsatisfactory discussion. Perhaps the
Hindoo saying: "There are seventy-two religions
of the Jnats" (or Gypsies,) comes as near tho truth
as any.
The Xenia (Ohio) Gazette has the following:
"The following relic has been unearthed at the
Auditor's office. This account nf HirTimm.nr
ring has never yet been paid. It is proposed to
present it with compound Interest from date to
Boss Tweed for settlement. Interest and all
amounts at the present writing, to the modest
snm of 9216 79. I, Jacob Smith, agent for the
Tammany Society, promise to pay to John Har
ries, Thomas Hnntsr, and Peter Pelham, Com
missioners for Greene Connty, O.. the snm of four
dollars and fifty cents, on or before the first day
of Jnne next, for the nse of Greene Connty, to
which payment well and truly to be made to the
said Commissioners and their successors, I bind
myself, my heirs, and by these presents sealed
and dated this 18th of July, 1812.
Seal. "'Jonx Sunn.'
There is still left in district No. 9. Monson.
Masai, a number nf landmarks of "ye olden time."
One house is stjll standing which was built in
1763 by the grandfather of the present owner.
The grandson, now living there, is over seventy
five years of age, and has never moved his goods
ont of the house since he first moved in, and, in
order to have thinga correspond with the old
nnnse, an oui cat or twenty-one Tears of age still
pnrrs as of old. There are also living in the dis
trict four conplea who have been married over
nny years, an instance wmch has few equals.
Amoxo Fanny Ellslera suitors in the beaux
Mart of her prime was.-it 1 sab? th. thon Pri
Louis Napoleon Bonaparte, now Ex-Emperor of
f ra" propnaeo. marriage to ner In London,
bnt Fanny having been secretly married to some
body else a year or two previously, rejected his
proposals, and thus escaped the penalty of being
Ex-Empress of France instead of ei-nneen of the
Terpsieborean stage. A sister of Fanny Ellsler,
also a celebrated dsaseaae. is the morganatic wife
of Prince Albert of Prussia,
JCUA WakdHowk nays: "Those grim and
ragged ontltnes of theology so familiar to most of
ns are the work of 'the'masenltne mlndT "Woman
in the pulpit will. I hope, carefully guard all that
ia jnst aad valuable, lint she will clothe aad soft
en it with sympathetic coloring."
Thk Hague, the political capital of Holland, ia
reported to be tbe wealthiest town for its popu
lation in tbe world. At least one-third of its Hr.
izens are said to be rich enough to live entirely
vi iwii US,UUIB
TV
fistful nni mm.
IF' V
,lt hi a daily reproach to the aalhorJtlea far the
indifference they manifest in not' putting aa im
mediate stop to the fine of kerosene as aa illumi
nating agent. Can nothing be done to prevent!
tms incessant aacnfiea or life Dy me explosion oi
kerosene lamnsf WltMa the past week five or
1 six eases have beea reported of men and, women
uo nave ueen lemoiy Branca vj ra acciuciim
In one ease the victim, a woman, waa dragged to
a hydrant in" the street, aad the water turned up
on her'j;vemrtof the body of the 'poor wo
man was so terribly bumed that large, pieces of
fleslCfeU from her. v
According: to; the Fire Marshal's (cportthere
were sixty-foar fires in New York?dnring the
month t inftst, and of this number seven were
causes! by totiscac. Out of ono hundred 'samples
ofoUrat(sat in the laboratory of .thewBoard of
HeJw,.aJwoasrattainti,th reqsUrsonta of
the law; (Ja ssveraLlastancet naptha was sold as
a"safety. ca"lNc4'ody.do,the.iBanafactDrerB
sell oil below: the standard bnt the retailers, adnl
Cerate this 'with haptha.
Granted thati the, fluid gives aa excellent light,
bnt at the same time it emits an unpleasant odor.
It is undoubtedly the most dangeroas and destruc
tive article in domestic use, and has been the
occasion of more loss of life and property than any
of those combustibles that have been banished
from populous localities for fear of explosions,
and are only permitted tq be kept in cities in very
limited quantities. If there was a method of sat
isfactorily dephlogisticating kerosene, so that it
might be used without the fearful risks which
attend its consumption, the public wonld be lib
eral in their gratitude to the inventor of snch a
process. Chemists have admitted that there is no
mode of accomplishing that desirable end, and the
sooner, therefore, that its use can be discontinued
the greater will be the saving of human life.
In England heavy restrictions are imposed on
the traffic and transportation' of dangerous com
bustibles. To be sure kerosene is not largely used
for illumination, for English caution will not per
mit the indulgence in a luxury which carries so
mnch danger., They restrict themselves to the
old oil lamps" and the immemorial tallow dips in
the absence of gas; and if they allow themselves
to be so reckless as to bum kerosene, they are
careful that tho Limp shall be of the strongest
metal, and shall be placed in a spot where it can
not possibly be upset. Had kerosene been an ar
ticle of common nse in England as it is in this
country, (which seems prond of having first ush
ered it into a destructive existence, and sticks to
it with the same courage and persistence with
which it would cling to an American volcano lie
canse it was a domestic eruption), and one four
hundredth part of the accidents resulted from its
nse there that have occurred here, some memoejr
of the opposition in the House of Commons would,
no doubt, long ago have inquired of the Homo
Secretary for information relative to the mortality
from kerosene explosions, and wonld huve been
desirous to know what course the ministry intend
ed to take on tbe subject. No doubt if we were
to pursue a similar course here, these dreadful
murders by kerosene would soon cease.
Iu most other countries, as we are informed, an
oil called Colsa oil," a species of vegetable oil,
is nsed for lamps. It gives a light quite as clear
as that of kerosene, and not as trying to the eyes.
It is, moreover, absolutely inexplosive, and free
from every kind of danger, and if a little more
Care was taken in the manufacture of nils for illu
mination, they would be quite as safe as Colsa.
But people will not take the trouble to ask any
questions on tbe subject. They buy what comes
first, and thus expose themclestodangcrs against
which the slightest forethought wonld effectually
seenre them.
The Legislature should enact a law making
this a crime as great as that of arson. In the
mean time, the Hoard of Health should continue
to test the oils sold, and to publish tho names of
the dealers and bring them to justice. By such
continued agitation the public will be brought to
a proper nderstanding of their danger, or we shall
lie obliged to make provisions fora special coroner
to sit exclusively on'persons w ho have been killed
by kerosene. Jmrrican Gat-Light Journal.
The Key to tke Weather.
A letter of M. Conninck, to the Courtier flVa
Halle, is exciting great attention in France. It
will be remembcrisl that Marshal Bugeand pro
claimed the discovery of an ancient Spanish man
uscript, in which tho natural laws which govern
the atmosphere were so clearly laid down that
nothing was left to chance, and projects could lie
maiie wun ine greatest security. These calcula
tions, based on fifty years experience, comprising
COO revolutions of the moon, had enabled the au
thor to foretell tho cat her to a nicety, and the
Marshal, struck by the confidence with which
the theory was broached, after taking some little
trouble to practice the same rulo of calculation,
fonnd it unerring likewise. M. de Conninck now
comes forward with his experience also, and at
length we can Iwast of possessing a key to the
pranks of the moon, which will henceforth render
them completely harmless. The weather,, eleven
times ont of twelve, is exactly the same 'during'
the whole moon as on the fifth dav. if oil the sixth
day it resembles the fifth; and nine times nnt of
twelve it is exactly tho same as the fourth day,
if tho sixth day resembles the funrth. This rule,
saysM. de Conninck, is fonnd invariable eight
months in the year. The exceptions have hither
to been October, February, March and April.
allecatbaaraVasH theXaasr.
Some two years ago, while going down Broad
way, in New York, blood commenced rnnuing
from my nose qnito freely. I stepped aside and"
applied my handkerchief, intending to repair to
the nearest hotel, when a gentleman accosted me,
saying: "Just put a piece of pajierin yonrmonth,
chew it rapidly, and it will stop your nose bleed
ing. inauKing nun rattier Uoulitftilly, I did ns
he suggested, and the How of blood ceased almost
immediately. I have seen the remedy tried
since unite frequently, and always with success.
Doubtless any substance would answer the same
purpose as Paper, thestopnaseof the flow of blood
beiug caused, no doubt, by the rapid motion of
me jaws, ami ine counter action nl the muscles
and arteries connecting the jaws and nose.
Physicians say that placing a small roll of pajier
or muslin above the front teeth, nnder the upper
lip, and pressing hanl on the same, will arrest tbe
bleeding from the nose checking the passage of
blood throngh the arteries leading to the nose.
H. C. K., is Country -Gent.
CURE FOR SmaLL-PAX. As Dim Inalbsnm ml
dreadful disease is at present alarmingly preval
ent in some parts nf the conntry, it may not be
amiss to mention what is said to lie now the es
tablished mode of treatment in tho English army
in China, by general orders, and is regarded as a
perfect cure. It is as follows, as reported to have
been discovered by an English army surgeon tito
or three years ago When the preceding fever is
at its height, and jnst liefore the eruption appears,
the chest is rubbed with cniton oil and tartaric
ointment. This causes the w hole of the eruption
to appear on that part of the body, to the relief of
iiio jrau it aiso secures a lull and complete erup
tion, and thus prevents the disease from attackiii"
the internal organs. Republican.
How to Keep Cher Swj:ET.The following
recipe, on account of the large yield of apples, will
be of value to our fanners:
When fermentation commences in one barrel
draw off the liquid into another one, strain throngh
a flannel cloth. Put into the cider three-fourths
of an ounce of the oil of sassafras, well shaken np
in a pint of alcohol. But one difficulty is said to
pertain to this preparation of cider. It is so pal
atable that people won't keep it long.
Saltixo Meat. A French professor denounces
the nse of saltpeter in brine intended for the pres
ervation of fiesh for food. That part of the salt
peter which is absorbed by the meat, he says, is
nitric acid a deadly nnUnn lf n'i.
chemical change all the diseases which are com
mon to mariners and others, who subsist princi
pally upon salted meat snch as scurvy, sore
gums, decayed teeth, ulcers, etc, and advises a
total abandonment of saltpeter in pickle for beet
ACcrr for EaRAcnE. There is scarcely any
ache to which children are subject so bad to bear,
and so difficult to rare, aa the earache. But there
isaremedynever known to fail. Takeabit-of
onion, inning, put npon tt a pinch or black pep
per, gather it np and tie it, dip it in sweet oil and
insert it in tbe ear. Put a flannel bandage over
the head to keep it warm. It will give immediate
relief.
ToCcrUtAFKLoNOXTHEHAXD. Take saaaa
j b"HT?-,e -Mdo rk-dfT. and grate it fine,
and wet it in a teacup with cold water, for a ponl
tice. Apply to the felon, and wet once in five
minutes m cold water. Thia followed up, will
draw it to a head In twenty-four hoars, without
any pain, and withunt any injury to tbe hand.
Use the bark of the root.
Vkrsk 21, chapter vii of Exra, contain every
a mo .uiguan aipnauet. it ia, peruana,
not ao well known, aays tbe JeuHth CkronieU, that
vene 8, chapter iil, of Zacbariab, contain every
letter, Including final, oT the Hebrew, aa well
aa every rowel aoand. and alio the different form
of the She va.
"MfoaHESHT aayathat the observation
of the Smithsonian Institution, which extend over
a period of twenty years, have aayet failed to
confirm the popular belief that the removal of
tbe forests and tho niiit;n nf h and tn tn
I diminish the amount Of rajnlaU.
M.
HARDWARE,
IRON, NAILS, STEEL,
Fence IFire Staples,
Doty's Clothes Washer, Wringers.
TIh, sTapuraed, tmd Wooden "Ware,
PLOWS, CULTIVATORS,
Stalk Cutters, Corn Planters,
WAGONS, WHEELBABBOWS,
FOR SALE BY
r.ir.
At the old Stand or BaHey A Korea,
WHITE cum.
March 3, 1870.
THE CHEAT THROUGH SOUTHERN EASTERN
Kansas City, St Jo. Council Bluffs
RAILROAD LUTE.
K7 MILES THE SHORTEST
v I Between Omaha, Council Blufik
THE EAST J3fl SOUTH,
Via St Joseph,
Hating it tbe Dsst aid most Direct Bode 0 Mlm
mi Easten Cities.
TWO EXPRESS PASSEH0EE TRAINS
Learp Misannri Hirer, opposite Omaha, dallr. on tbe ar
rival of Union Pacific Expresa Trams. The 4 JO afternoon
Express has
2lyguii'ice:vt FTjr.LMA3VS
Palace Sleeping Cars Attached,
Oao ninolnc through to Qalner, tho other through to St.
Louis withunt rharrzr.
Arrlvinz in QCLNCY or ST. LOUIS la time to connect
with fast trains for the
East and South.
Remember this is the onlv Line giving Passengers choice
of routes either via Quincy or St. Louis.
REGULAR CONNECTIONS,
AT ST. JOSEPH with Hannibal St- Joseph Railroad for
Quincy anil all Eastern antl Southern Cities.
With the Savannah Branch of tho Kansas City. St.
Joseph St. Conncil Bluffs Railroad for Savannah,
Maryville, Xorway, A&,
With the St. Joseph" Sz OrnTrr Railroad for Troy, 1V
thena anil Xnrtbrrn Kanua.
AT ATCHISON with Central Branch racific Railroad for
Crntral Kannaa.
AT KANSAS CITY Union Urpot
With North Miaasori and Missouri Pacific Railroads
for St. Louia. the Eat and South.
With Hannibal a. St Joseph Railroad for Quincy, Chi
cago and the East.
TOth Kansas Pacific Railroad fur Lawrence, TopeLa
and the WraL
With Mlwonrl River. Fort Scott Gulf Railroad for
I'aola, Fort Scott, Baxter Springs and Sonthem Kan
sas. TVith Kansas City 4. Santa Fe Railroad for Ottawa,
Garartt, &c 4c.
raaaongfra who come "t via othrr lines, should return
liy thia route, giving them an opportunity to paas through
the beautiful and fertile Valley of the Mbwonri, through
growing cities and thriving vQlagra.
ASK FOU TOUR TICKETS VIA THE
Kansas City, Saint Joseph St Council Blufla
Throug-h line.
Pullman's Palace Cars on Night
Trains.
Tickets for sale at all General Ticket Office.
A. C. DiWK, A. I,. IIOPKI-IK,
Gen I rasa. A? t Genl Superintendent.
St. Joseph, Ho. St JoM-ph, Mo.
13,71- 1871.
SPEED I COMFORT I SAFETY
ONLY RELIABLE ROUTE.
PACIFIC RAILROAD
(Of Missouri.)
ATCHISOIY A2VD ST. LOUIS.
Only One Change of Cars between Atchison
anil Ke? Tort
THIS la the only rovU by which passengers from North
ern Kaunas can co East avoiding long omnibiui trans
fern, ami disagreeable transportation across the Missouri
river.
Atchison twins the terminus of the road, passengers can
rely on trains atartlng on advertised time, avoiding tedious
delays at wayaUtlona and changea of can at Junctions,
making the JtUoori Pacific the
Fanritt nrnvgh Route for TamOia, and Laditt TmzMnn
Jihue.
Close connections made at St Louia with erprrae trains
to all points East, North, and South.
At State Line with trains on the Kansas Pacific Railway
to Denver. Salt Lake, and San Francisco.
At Kansas Cltv with the lliumri Vl V Cmo a.
Gnlf Railroad Sliasoori. Kansas tt Trias railroad, and
Kansas City, St Joseph at Conncil Bluffs Railroad.
BAOOAOE CHECKED THBOTJQH.
Berth, sections and staterooms. In Palace Sleeping cars
can be procured, and reliable information obtained, at the
General Ticket Office, corner 3d and Commercial ata.
Atchison, Kansas.
Tickets can alao be procured of J. W. Forman, Acea
Atchison and Nehraaka Railroad, at Troy Junction.
Tvi?-McKI:-5OCK' General Superintendent W. P
HALE, General Passenger agent
a- Jiosais, Agent Atchiaoa.
Cheap. Grocery House!
JOHN F. MORTOIY.
AT T1TE
CITY BAJKEIitY.
Keep a full line of fresh
Staple and Fancy Groceries
At th Lowest Rates,
Come and See 17a,
.IikI tre liutire you the Lotrrtt Good and the JUost
Complete Satisfaction.
Fresh Bread, Cakes and Pie every day.
CASH." FLOtTE for le' n
A large stock of Candiea and Confectioneries alwara on
Bntter. Egga, and other Produce wanted, for which Cash
will be paid. jm,,, Bf lgJlm
ft
RE-OPENING, ft
STAB HUJUD HALL
nTKhaye re-modelled aad re-ballt our Halt, and it 1
TV now tbe finest Billiard Hall In Northern Kansas
Evetytning new. ana nrst-claaa. Miebave
THBEE PflELAK COUMDER TABLES,
of the latest stjlea aad Improvementa,
We keep a larre assortment of Liquor of all kinds Cat-1
uornia n ine ana oranaiea, uaampsgne, etc, which wa
are selling at low martin.
Hall one door West of the Tort Ogee.
TCCKEBTATMA3f.
White Cloud, June 13, 1871.
EsTuusaxoDi 1830.
WELCH GRIFFITHS'
SteCt7s t sVaV7a t asto-a-ap-aW t
SUPERIOR TO ALL OTHERS.
Axe, Files, Caw Hard. Kill F smlefclaf, aa.
3bHslMtT
FT Get the Iseot. the; win pror the cheapest. Pries
reduced. Send fur Price List and Ctmuara.
WELCH a GRIFFITHS.
3Iaaw, u't, Kieh.
nov. 04,70-17.
GUAM WAITED.
THE highest asarket prica paid for Wheat, Oats, Cora.
Rye and Barley, at Korea k. Moon's Elevator, on the
Levee, AIsol Produce reecfred aad shinned on eonnaisskn.
Sacks fnrniabed at the lowed rates, for those wtehinraa
hanl la (rata or ship W ttrer. VOTaeV IIOOU.
WUt.ClaoiLJiasaaY.Wn. auuT.
FjWNE CLOTIM A.N0 CAS8IMEBES. tacreatvarlet7
-Li w. Noras-'
FT 70a have
rMeT,aadwattogtikewor,.rf
W. K0TB8.
aToto
pRODUCE of all kind wanted ia exeaaan far Roods.
aepsa.
CALL AND SEE
FALL AND WINTER GOODS,
Some of them will suit you, in Quality, Style, and Price.
These Goods are all bought for Cash, and for Money I will guarantee
Prices Xo"W tne Lowest.
O. TV. 1VOYES.
Whit Cloud, Kansas, September 1ST1.
THE MISSOURI VALLEY
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY.
LEAVEW0RTH, KANSAS.
.11 Policies IXon-F'orfeitiiig.
Dividends on the Contribution Plan, securing the the Greatest Pecuniary Advantage
to the Policy-Holder.
REASONS FOR INSURING IN THIS COMPANY.
This U a TTE-nXKc Comtaxt, manafft! by WetUrn Men, wboe Inrnni financial character, ability, and posltloa, af
1st.
iora ampie cuanuiiy wr im curioi auu aucrrstiiui mauagrmriii.
3d. Its policies are all non fnrfritin;.
3d. rn-inimns a(X cash. It rrccivm no nntcs and gives none. Policy-Holders hare no interest to pay, and no outsUnd
InjC notes as hens npon their policies.
4th. It has no rt-trictJon npon travel.
5th, Its dividends are made npon the contribution plan.
6th. Its tnuinesss is exclusively Life Insurance.
Are the acrnmulation of interest npon Fremlnmi paid, hence the Company that loans Its assets at the highest rates of in
brent, can give you the largest dividends. Eastern Companies invent their moneys at six per cent, while this stakes iu
investments at twelve per cmL, or more.
Tbe advantages of weitern investments to tbe policy-holder appear In the following startling fignres
Theaunonnt1000,inTeteIfur50yeanat6perceuLcompoiuidintei-vst,is IivJO 15
"""8 46.991 64
"-""""lO" M 117,360 85
12 M M 318.068 00
It Is obvious that this Company offers greater financial advanUgi s and inducements to the Policy-Holder than any oth
er Company In existence.
OFFICERS i
n. n. MACKAT. President.
D. SI. SWAN. Vice-President.
Dr. J. L. WE VEK, Medical Director.
OCOnoE A. SIOOKE, Secretary.
J. 1NCKAJI JON'ES, At.brc'y.
1L L. XEWSIA, Treasurer.
DIRECTOKS:
DAN'IEL SHIRE. Leavenworth. Kan. II. D. SIACKAT,
J. P. KICIIAICDS.
1). SL SWAX.
II. R. IIAMMO.VD,
II. EDGEKTON.
TIIOS. CAItXEV.
S. SL STKICKI.K1. Junction City,
CIIAS. KOIIIN'SO.V, Lawrence,
W. IIADLEV,
W. coffin:
OEO A. SIOOKE,
11. W. POWERS.
GEORGE J. DAVIS, SL Louh, Sin.
.1. SIERRITT.
SI. It SIOKGAX,
E. HASTINGS,
V. 13. COVALT,
General Ap-nt fiirX.irthrni Kansas, and the State of Xehraata
Erperleitcnl Agetits and SolicUcrs minted. Apilu either to the Company direct or
or to any of its General Agents. .Juno 29, 71
D. G. GARL0CK,
MANLTACTURUR DEAL!!: IX
Harness, Saddles, Bridles,
WHIPS,
HORSEBLANLETS,
BRUSHES,
Xj "ST "NT BTS,
AND ALL OTHER ARTICLES
USUALLY
Vliite Cloud
Repairing doe with neatneM and dlnnatch.
their patronage.
He returns
NEW YORK STORE!!
o
FALL Aj WINTER STOCK JUST ARRIVED,
COXS1ST1XG OF
io,y
GOODS, CLOTHING,
Boots, Shoes, flats and Caps,
ladies; and gemxemefs furnishing goods.
JUST ARRIVED AT THIS PLACE, FOR A PERMANENT BUSINESS, AND SELL
Cheaper llian tlie Cheapest
AT THE OLD STAND OF BECKETT SANBORN,
WHITE CLOUD KANSAS.
OAXX. .AJVDt EXA3IEVE TIIE STOCK.
OcL12,187L
LUMBER
n
1-9
LOWER
Ml CLOUD, KANSAS.
CLINT

TAYLOR
JS?? 3!,r School Book. -Th 80x0
Echo ia nnnoonced the beat work of it -wrw
daa for the fotlowlna; reasons: The MoiJe JKj
jnanaiidrea, every piece bt wen.
wnHoseboldMelodj-ahaa.-Irlv.
fBf5"Hoaie,r Write me a Letter," "Lit- 3
tie Brawn Canreh." etc. It amtaina twice
o
IT
?mB'8,1f" can be fonnd in other
inje U selected from alary.
H
aoioora, aan notaum n wtm one o
fjeampniximou. Price, Scent each. or
Cr J?5" J1, Sample copies mailed to
Teacher, for 5 eta. liberal arranrrmenu
for introduction. Address.
arpTmX J. L. PETERS. S$ BaOADWar, N. T.
O
rilO doe ont old stock, sad aaaa room for ayr
fall u. Winter Stack of Good,
IwClaaVrntrslndacetDentatoCashbtrrers. Call and ae
I- "aw. NOTES.
wane cmm. An-, it. ibti-xbs.
Fr Sale.
ear. Price law. Amir to c V. xnvara
TiAST.
n. A. CALKIXS. General Aent
W. E. IIAUVEY. Con. Actuary.
X. A. HUKD, Attorney.
Leavenworth, Kan- II. U NTTWSI VX. Leavenworth, Kaa
W. E. CHAMBERLAIN.
T. A. IIUKII,
E. 0. ALLEN,
C A. PKIUtr. Weston. Sfo,
G. W. VEALE. Toprka. Kan.
.1. SL PRICE, Atchiaon, -VT.
It STEBBIXS,
COLLARS,
HARNESS OIL,
SPURS,
tlTO
:xwr.
KFPT IN HIS BRANCH OF
BUSINESS.
thanka to hia former patrons, and aolicita a continuance o
'June 89, TT.
IS". SIJTEItlMLJV.
a
w
Pi
V MILL,
CHARLEY
ORTOX.
Jane 39, rt.
THE 6SEAT CAUSE
OP

wra, JVfc.i,nta.
A let-r aa ile Hmtmre, Tnanaaemt ud KaJI.
fal cure of Seminal Weaknea Zt!T ,Hv
T 8lf Ab5leJrwJ??!-n1, I"?"
-aaaaaBBaaaaa aaat a
1.
WUBDlinL Knllanaa J waa..
HPjtvnei-allj; Con
sss&5Ssstttt
ma rnjua.
!cu Ine
Author
SSSXiSriils!
merilehlrJla 2f? JW. Hfertnany removed with.
EssS55&&ffi
BSSgSlEZ "Twalcaeverj-almae?eIn.p?"iS.S-,,5HS,,
T Mny eori
pointlnjr c
by which
oienm.011- CDlTB"L'S "lUrrtar, Gaide," price
"4P-. C. KCIKK A C
T
-r nana vmn;
pr.ly.
Kw Fas-sw Part OaU. Box, UeX.