6
LONGFELLOW'S NEW POEM.
The Divine Tragedy.”
From the Boston Advertiser.
A new completed poem by Longfellow was
announced last week. The surprise was as
great to those who are commonly supposed
to keep informed concerning events in the
hterarary world as to the public at large.
Prccmely how soon it will be on the counters
of the bookstores we arc not able to say, but
donbfJe^ beforetheeloseof the year. The
titleof the poem is “The Divine Tragedy,’’and
its subject, the life and death of Christ. The
treatment of the theme is dramatic. The
poet’s desire inducing him to undertake a
wort of this character must necessarily
nave been justified by the truest courage,
-t ho fascination of the marvellous story
of the _ founder of Christianity is a
constant invitation to devout and imagina
*lV9 souls. It has been rewritten many times
and from various motives. Within a few
weeks the first volume of an elaborate work
outlie subject, by Henry Ward Beecher has
been published, but this and all the other
lives we can kow recall have been prose nar
ratives. Tho miracle plays of the middle
ages, and the Passion playVhich has preserv
ed their character to recent limes, indicate
not only that the incidents of the life of
Christ arc susceptible of a dramatic version,
but that they make a drama for stage repre
sentation of surpassing vividness and power.
But such use of the sacred theme has been
alien, and to some degree unpleasant, to Eng
lish habits ofreligious thought.
With this sentiment Mr. Longfellow’s new
work will have to contend, but it would be
difficult to suppose a more conciliating man
ner than that which he has shown throu"h
out the spirit and phrasing of the new poem.
Tho directness and force of tho dramatic
poem are courageously clung to, while a se
vere restraint has been imposed on the fancy,
the simplicity of the Gospel narratives stead
ily maintained, and anachronisms of senti
ment and .imagination cautiously avoided.
The spirit is deeply reverential, and the lau
cuace keeps surp«isingly close to that of the
English Scriptures. At a recent gathering at
i ho house of Hr. Bartol. when tlic conversa
t ion turned upon a remark that one teat of any
theory touching men’s souls and inner con
sciousness was that it could ho sung, the po
etical character of the language of the New
i estameut was referred to as evidence of the
wisdom of the observation. Probably no
one then present had any idea of the re
markable demonstration of this Quality of
ibe Gospel so soon to bo made by a poet
whoso thorough culture is iu nothing more
distinguished than the delicacy of hlsseuso
of rythm andßmelody, Wherever the lan
guage of the poem departs from that of the
sacred narratives^there is no corresponding
departure of style or lone. The poet has
come into beautiful sympathy with the
Evangelist and his own words nave shared
in the tenderness, and awe and grandeur
which impart so much tenderness to theirs.
Tho drama opens appropriately with a
dialogue between the Angel of the Lord and
tlie Prophet Habakkuk, m which the angel
reveals to the seer a vision of the coming of
Iboßedcemer, Then comes the preaching of
John the Baptist summoning the world to
reneutcuce. Prom this portion we make the
following extract;
Repent!repent! repent:
For the kingdom of God is at hand.
And all the land
Full of the knowledge of the Lord shall he
As tho waters cover the sea.
And encircle the continent!
Repent! repent! repent!
For 10, the hour appointed.
The hour so long foretold
By the Prophets of old,
or the coming of the Anointed,
The Messiah, the Paraclete,
The desire of the nations, is nigh!
He shall not strive nor cry.
Nor his voice he heard in the street;
Nor the bruised reed shall he break;
Nor quench tho| smoking flax!
And many of them that sleep
In the dust of earth shall awake,
On that great and terrible day.
And the wicked shall wail and weep,
And be blown like a smoko a wav,
And be melted away like wax.
Repent! repent! repent:
O Priest and Pharisee,
Who hath warned you to flee
Prom the wrath that is to be t
Prom the coming anguish and iret
The axJ*tno root
x>r me trees, and every tree
That hringeth not forth good fruit,
Is hewn down and cast into the tire!
Ye Scribes, why come ye hither T
In the hour that is uncertain.
In the day of anguish and trouble.
He that stretched the heavens as a curtain
And spreadeth them out as a tent,
Shall blow upon you, and yo shall wither.
And the whirlwind shall take you away as stub*
He;
Hepent: repent I repent!
WUE>T.
Who art thou, O man of prayer!
In, raiment of camel’s hair,
Begirt with leathern thorn-,
That here, in the wilderness,
With a cry as of one in distress,
Prcacheth unto this throng
Art thou the Christ
JOIRf
Priest of Jerusalem,
In meekness and humbleness
I deny not, I confess
I am not the Christ I
__ rniEsr.
woat shall u*e say unto them
That sent ns here i Reveal
Thy name, and nought conceal 1
Art thou Elias?
Xol
Art tlicm that Prophet, theu.
Of lamentation and woo,
ANTio, as a symbol and sign
Of Impending wrath divine
Vpon unbelieving man,
Shattered the vessel of clav
In the Valley of Slaughter f
joiry.
_ Xay,
I am not he thou nattiest I
rniEST.
art thou, ana what is the word
hat hero thou proclaimest
T OOIIK.
J am the voice of one
(‘l*3 iug in the wilderness alone:
Prepare ye the way of the Lord;
.Make his paths straight
In the land that is desolate!
priest.
If thou be not the Christ,
Nor yet Elia, nor he,
Tnat. in sign of the things to be,
Slmttered the vessel of clay
In the Valley of Slaughter.
Then declare unto us, and say
Py what authority now
Paptizest thou t
JOIIX.
T indeed bapt izc you with water
Vutorepentance; hut He,
That ccincih after me,
Js mightier than I and higher:
The hiichetof whose shoes
I am not worthy to unloose;
He shall baptize you with lire,
And with the Holy Ghost I
Whoso fan is in his hand;
lie will purge to the uttermost
His floor, and garner his wheat,
But will burn the chair iu the brand
And lire of unquenchable heat 1
Repent! repent I repent I
The scheme of the poem permits the re
hearsal of most of tho important incidents
m the public career of Jesus, including the
eruciiixion. Of these, the story of Mary
Magdalene is remarkable for the charitable
sentiment and beautiful diction of a solilo
quy m which the penitent woman reviews
her wasted years; the interviews with Xico
demusand the woman of Samaria for the
skilful adaptation of the Scripture dialogue
to the metre of the poem, and the suicide of
Judas for tho intensity of feeling with which
he is overpowered when the enormity of his
treachery is revealed to his conscience. The
following is Judas’ soliloquy;
Lost l ]oFt forever lost I Iha re betrayed
The innocent blond I OGod! if thou art love,
Wby didht ibtm leave me naked to tho tempter l
uTiy didst thou not commission tby awlft light
ning
To strike me dead 1 or why did I not perish
iih those l»3* Herod slain, the innocent shildrcn
who went with playthings In their little hands
Into the darkness of the other world
As if to bed I Or wherefore was I born,
if thou in tby foreknowledge didst perceive
All that I am, and all that I must be I
I know I am not generous, am not gentle
I.ike ol her men; hut I have tried to he.
And I have fulled. I thought by following Him,
I should grow like Him; but the unclean spirit
That from my childhood up hath tortured me,
Hath been ton cunning and too strong for me.
Am Ito blame for this I Am Ito blame
IlecniiM* I cannot love, and ne’er have known
The Jove of woman or the lovo of children i
it is a curse and a fatality.
A maik, that bath lu*u set upon my forehead,
X l,s ‘p V fne sla\- me, for it were a mercy
That I were dead, or never had been bom.
Too late tcolatc! I shall not sec him more
AmonK the living. That sweet, iiatieat face
>VjJJ never more rebuke mo, nor those ii*»s
Bc-pcat the words One of you shall betray me'
It stung me into madness. Hew I loved,
Yet hated him! But in the other world 1
I will he there before him, and will wait
Tnli! he come?, and fall down on my knees
And kiss his feet, imploring pardon, pardon!
I heard him say AH sins shall he forgiven,
Ilxccpt the sin against the Holy Ghost.
That shalluot he forgiven hi this world,
7>or in the world to come. Is that my sin 1
Have I offended so there is no hope
Here nor hereafter 1 That I soon shall know
O God, have merry! Christ have mercy on me I
Throws himself headlong from the cliff-
Tbc crucifixion scene is one which requires
the almost reverence and forbearance in its
treatment. How successfully Mr. Longfel
low has managed this incident will better
than any words exemplify and commend the
sinrit ofthe whole work. The conclusion of
t he Divine Tragedy is thus simply and grand
ly rendered.
KAKKAUEM, THE ESSENUAN.
Three crosses in this noonday night uplifted,
Tin ce human liguree, that in mortal pain
Gleam white against the supernatural darkness;
Two thieves, that writhe in torture, and between
them
The Suffering Messiah, the Son of Joseph
Ay, the Messiah Triumphant, Son of- David
A crown of thorns on that dishonored head
Those hands that healed the sick, now pierced
with nails,
Those feet that wandered homeless through the
world
Kow crossed and bleeding, and at rest forever.
And the three faithful Mary's, overwhelmed
By this great sorrow, kneeling, praying, weep
ing!
O Joseph Culaplias, thou great High-Priest.
How wilt thou auswenfor this deed of blood t
SCltlllES and ELDKKS.
Thou that destroy ost the Temple, and dost bußd it
In three days, save thyself; and if thou bo
The Sou of God, come down now from the cross.
emer rnnisTS.
Others he saved, himself ho cannot save!
Bet Christ the King of Israel descend
That we may see and believe!
SCRIBES Old ELDEBB,
_ InGodhetnmert;
Let Lim deliver him, it ho "Will have him,
And we -will then believe.
CnBISTTJS.
Father! Torsive thorn;
They know not what they do.
TUB IMPENITENT THIEF.
If thou he Christ,
Oh save thyself and us!
THE PENITENT THIEF.
.Remember mo.
Lord, when thou comest into thiuo own kingdom.
cnnisTfs.
This day shall thou he with mo iu Paradise.
MAKNAHEM.
.Golgotha! Golgotha! O tho pain and darkness!
O the uplifted cross, that shall forever
Shine through the darkness, and shall conquer
pain
By tho triumphant memory of this hour!
SIMON SIAGCS.
0 Nazarene! I Hud thee here at last!
Thou art no more a phantom uuto me!
This Is the end of one who culled himself
The Son of God! Such is the fate of those
Who preach new doctrines. ’Tis not what ho did,
But what he said, hath brought him unto this,
1 will speak evil of no dignitaries.
This is ay hour of triumph, Nazarene!
THE YOUNG EULER.
Tliis is the end of him who said to me,
Sell that thou bast and give uuto tho poor!
This is tho treasure in heaven ho promised uio I
CHORUS
Eloi, Eloi, lama sdbaclhin i I
a soldier, preparing the hyssop.
He calletli for Elias!
ANOTHER
Nay, let be!
See if Elias now will come to save liiml
C3XUSTUS.
I thirst.
A SOLDIER.
Give him tho wormwood!
CHRIETUS, with n loud cry, bowing his head
It is finished!
TEE OXY-HYBBOGEN LIGHT.
A Successful Experiment with it in the
Sydenham Crystal Palace, England.
London Correspondence of tbo Toronto Globe.
The Crystal Palace was lighted recently
with a new light. Nothing can exceed the
steadiness, as well as tho whiteness and lu
minosity of this light. And it was put to as
fair a test as possibly could be, if that can,
indeed, be strictly called fair which gave
every advantage to its adversary. The new
lights were displayed side by side with tho
like candelabra and gaseliers lit with gas in
the ordinary way, the advantage to the gas
being that it was turned on to tho utmost.
One candelabra of twenty oxy-hydrogou
lights was lit in tho vast nave and the illu
mination was perfect, bright and clear, and
ample for the whole length. In tho transept
two gaseliers at tho foot of tho orchestra
were lit with oxy-hydrogen lights, and two
with gas; on the stage of the tueatro ouo of
the largo candelabra was likewise lit in this
way, and the other with gas. Tho gas lights
in both cases looked yellow and absolutely
dingy. Tho oxy-hydrogou lights were soft,
steady and brilliant, eclipsing tho gas com
pletely. At over a hundred yards away from
them the address iu small hand-writing of a
letter could be read perfectly and distinctly,
as also could small print in books. From tho
gas lights at that distance nothing of the
sort could bo deciphered.
The oxygon, it "is said, can be made at a
commercial price; indeed, it actually costs
in the production no more than three shil
lings per 1,000 cubic feet. Not that it -will bo
sold at that price; and, moreover, the objec
tionable lime or zircon wick is altogether
dispensed with: the oxygon and hydrogen
are burnt together as gases from one burner
-—itself a most ingenious contrivance. To
Trance belongs the honor ot' the invention,
and toM. Tessic clu Motay the merit in par
ticular. The oxygen is obtained from the
atmosphere—a boundless source. The com
mon gas-light takes the oxygen it needs
from the air. and the gas engineer
spreads out the tlamo of the gas jet
into “bats’ wings” and “flsh tails,”
and other extended forms, to enable it to
seize as much oxygen as possible. The new
light consumes no more oxygen than the old
light: it simply takes its oxygen pure in
stead of diluted. It docs this much more,
however, it takes it in a wholesome manner.
The old light liberatesall the larger volumes
of heated residual nitrogen into the room or
apartment in which the combustion goes on,
vitiating and polluting the air; the new light
has non© of the residual nitrogen, for that is
all thrown ofl* into the manufactory, and
none of it is brought into the apartments of
the habitation. The new light, as produced
for household purposes, is perfectly conical,
like a candle flame, and quite as steady: its
coolness is such that the globe in which it
burns maybe handled with case, ami the
hand held four inches over the flame without
inconvenience.
The process of manufacture is ns follows:
A small cylinder engine drove a set of three
small air-pumps at n rapid rate: these pump
ed air into two retorts built up in a furnace,
the external walls of which may he roughly
said to be about ten feet long by six feet in
the section. These retorts were charged
with manganite of soda, mixed with some
oxide of copper. The manganite has an af
fection for oxygen, and takes a largo per
centage out ot the air. leaving the abandon
ed nitrogen to escape by small flues or iron
pipes. The manganite thus gets saturated,
as it were, like a sponge, with the oxygen,
when a blast of superheated steam is turned
on, and this wnshes out and carries oil the
oxygen to a reservoir. Then the steam con
denses it into water, leaving the reservoir
filled with oxygen. By moans of
the alteration afforded by the two
retorts, the process becomes continuous,
and as fast as the air is pumped into the oxy
gen it is regularly coming oil. In this way one
cubic foot of oxygen is the product of 30
cubic feet of air and 15 of steam. The burner
is very ingenious In general shape it is like
a double ordinary burner, with one top for
the oxygen and another for the hydrogen:
both taps are turned on full when the light
isouraMg’. the adjustment of the quantities
ol the gasses to each other being made once
for all by separate regulators; the top of the
burneris dished out into a hemispherical
cavity, in the centre of which is the oxygen
hole, and surrounding it some eight or ten
smaller holes for the escape of the Tiydrogeu.
The combustion is thus maintained in the
centre of the flame, which has the appear
ance of a solid cone of light. It is, indeed,
the richness of the coal gas in carbon which
gives to this oxy-hydrogen light its exceed
ing brilliancy.
THE OUTLAW “BUCKSKIN.”
Retails of His Reath—Tragic Fate of His
Squaw and Child.
From the San Diego (CaL) Union.
Our readers will remember the brief ac
count published iu June last of the death of
the notorious desperado “Buckskin,” who
had fled to Lower California after the mur
der of tho Bilderbeck brothers in Los Angeles
Countv. A gentleman who has lately re
turned from a visit to San Rafael, Lower
California, gives us some exceedingly inter
esting facts in connection with the pursuit
and final killing of the outlaw, and tho
melancholy fate which subsequently over
took the Indian woman who was the com
panion of nis flight, and her bahe.
“Buckskin,” with one Graham, murdered
the two brothers in Tejunga Canon, Los
Angeles County. The latter was arrested,
and in his confession, it is said, implicated
the former, for whose apprehension a re
ward of §=l.ooo was offered. “Buckskin”
had in tho meantime escaped, passing
through this county across the line into the
mountains near San Rafael. Tho real name
of this man was Pvbum, as may ho inferred
from the record of'the birth of a male child
to the Indian woman, entered iu an almanac
found on “Buckskin’s” body, where he
names the child “James Pyburn.” He was
a tall and well-formed man (with tho excep
tion of a deformity in his feet, tho great toes
of which overlapped tho smaller ones), and
was constantly clad in a full suit of buck
skin.
“Buckskin” was accompanied in his flight
by tho Indian woman and his little sou
eight months old, and a partner named Mc-
Farland, who had become a counterfeiter in
Los Angeles County. During their sojourn
m the mountains a dispute arose between
tho two men; they left camp together one
morning to hunt, and at niglit “Buckskin
camo back alone. This was his way of doing
business.
The Sheriff of Los Angelos County, while
on a visit to San Diego early in
heard of Pylmrn’s whereabouts, and, accom
panied by Under Sheriff Crosthwaite, pro
ceeded to Lower California to capture him.
Arriving at. San Rafael, they learned that
“Buckskin” and his squaw were camped iu
tho mountains not. far away, and offered a
reward of £250 for his capture, alive or dead.
Four well-armed Mexicans acceptedthcoffer.
and started the couxtry immediately.
Upon reaching his place of eoucealcut one of
the parly came unexpectedly upon the despe
rado, who, wit h rifle in baud, was apparently
awaiting an attack. Xo time was given tho
Mex.rau to draw a weapon, even, and ho
grasped “Buckskin’s” rifle and endeavored
to wrest it from him. In the struggle the
was discharged, carrying away two
of the Mexican’s Ungers. “Buckskin’’threw
down his useless nllo and started for his re
volver, winch he had left at the camp near
b\ Another of the Mexicans came up at
i U appreciating tho situation,
tliro ugU tho back. Tho
outlaw fell, helpless, and seeing that there
remained no hope for def-juco or escape, be
sought the Mexicans to kill him. This thev
did not do, but after his death, which oc
curred in about half an hour, thev cut mV
one of his feet, and with that ami his
clothes, returned to San Rafael for
their reward. The Indian woman, who
bad witnessed tho tragic event, expressed
great satisfaction at the result, declar
ing that for many weary months and miles
she had accompanied “Buckskin” through
fear.
The squaw, with her child and tho horse,
were taken to a neighboring ranch to bo
cared for until she could return to her tribe
in Oregon. But, notwithstanding tho fre
quent assurances that no harm would come
to her, she seemed to feel continually that
her past association with the dead nurdercr
would yet bring trouble upon her. and man
ifested great uneasiness. A few days after
the was brought to tho ranch, sho quietly
arose one niglit, and, taking her babe, with
some of its little dresses, stole away iutho
darkness, leaving behind her horse, blankets,
provisions—everything. Diligent search was
made for her and tho child, but to no effect.
And now comes the probable sequel:
About two weeks ago a young mau, while
ruling over an unfrequented portion of tho
Guadalupe Ranche, about twelve miles from
the main road, came suddenly upon a human
skull, nearly denuded of flesh, but covered
Tvith long, jet-black hair. In his hor
ror at the eight he looked no further, but re
turned to the raache and told what ho had
found. The next day, with several compan
ions, ho returned to the spot, and found iu
one place the bones of the woman, with
some clothing, and near at hand those of an
infant, with some little dresses. These were
the remains of the Poor Indian woman and
her babe. Near the bones a bed of loaves
wasdiscovercd, where they had evidently
lain down to die. From the moist condition
of the soil underneath, and a knife lying in
the leaves, it was conjectured that the de
spairing mother had taken the life of her
little one, and then her own. The hair was
cut from the skull by tbo discoverers, and,
with the clothing, sent to the authorities at
ban Rafael, who immediately sent back an
order for the burial of the bones.
DUALLY, THE NEW EXPLOSIVE,
Details of an Experiment—Demolishing a
Bock 136 Feet Under the Sarface,
Allentown Pa. (Nov. 19), Correspondence of tho N. Y.
Tribune.
Tho new explosive, dualin, was tried to
daj* at the Crano Iron Company’s mines.
Tho company have had groat difficulty in
procuring water for their washery, on the
ore lands leased by them, situated close bv
tho village of Wescoesvillo. They have sunk
a well 187 feet deep and six feet square, with
no other result than meeting a chock to
their further progress iu tho shape of solid
limestone rock. It was therefore determined
to try the effect of exploding a charge of
dualin. at tho bottom of the well,"hoping that,
like the prophet’s rod of old, it might cause
the waters to gush forth.
After a pleasant ride of a little more than
two miles from this city, wo peered down in
to the blackness of a very deep hole, at the
bottom of which wo were informed, tho gen
tlcmau in charge of the dualin was at work*
preparing for the explosion. Two wires were
slowly unwinding from a reel held by one of
tho mine hands, mid paying out into the
darkness, to bo the medium for communicat
ing with tho dualin when all had been pre
pared. It was disagreeable to think of the
man so far down, alone—or with no other
company than the dualin—fixing tho wire to
tho terrible charge; nor was it pos
sible to refrain from tho speculation.
“If it should happen to go oil now!”
Near by was a steam drill which had been
hauled up from the well an hour before, hav
ing just completed tho work of drilling a
four and one-half inch hole twenty-six met
into the solid rock. This insignificant-look
ing piece of machinery accomplishes almost
incredible wonders. In forty minutes it
drilled a hole three and one-half feet into
hard limestone rock. In two hours it worked
to a depth of sixteen feet. The machine
looks like little more than a cylinder and
piston, and fits into the apex of a stout iron
tripod. Drills of suitable leught boiugmadc
fast to it, it delivers 800 blows a minute,
upon the face of the rock. Each blow is
equal to a weight of 1,000 pounds, and tho
drill takes a twist as it strikes. Steam was
communicated to tho machine by a pipe con
nected with the stationary engine, used at
the mines for pumping.
At length we were relieved from suspense
by seeing tho proprietor of the dualin rising,
like truth, from the bottom of the well. Di
vesting himself quickly of his dripping wa
terproofs. ho soon entered into an animated
explanation of the merits of the drill and the
power of the dualin, talking with the elo
quence of enthusiasm. Ho opened a two
pound package of the duaHn for our inspec
tion, and handled it with a freedom that
made ns shudder. It looks like a mixture
of sawdust and grease, and has a peculiar,
faint, sickly odor. A more innocent-look
ing package than this one was could not
well be made up; but it was trv
ing to the nerves to see it thrown
with great violence upon the ground to con
vince the lookors-on that it would not cx-
S lode by concussion. Still less did it. con
nee to personal serenity to see tho exhibitor
put a handful upon a stone, and coolly draw
a match from nia pocket and sot lire to it.
Everybody present drew a sigh of relief
when, after fizzing like damp gunpowder,
and showing a bright blue llanie, tho mixture
finally went out without any kind of explo
sion.
After dinner, in the presence of a largo
number of persons, the charge in the well
was fired. The dualin, it will lie understood,
was 20 feet in the rock at the bottom
of* a well K»7 feet deep. Be
tween 20 and o0 feet of water had
been let in on top of the charge—for water
makes no sort of difference to'this terrible
explosive. A few turns of the electric ma
chine, and a dull, booming sound was beard;
the ground trembled with the shock, a cloud
which looked like dust rose from the well’s
mmith, and the thine was done.
What was done? We can get a very good
idea of the smash that occurred down there
from what we saw on the surface soon after
ward. Two pounds of dualin were laid upon
the top of the largest piece of lime
stone rock that could be found in the neigh
borhood. The rock probably weighed be
tween ton and twelve hundred weight.
The powder was simply laid upon the top of
it, with the wire, and covered with two
sbevelfulls of earth. The electric machine
connected with it was carried to a safe place
on the other side of the held, and the opera
tor simply turned the handle. The explosion
which followed was terrific. Strange to say,
there were no falling fragments of rock to
he seen or heard, but only after the sharp re
port a small cloud of dust and whir© smoke
like steam. The effect npoa th£ rock* wasTo
pulverize it. There were perhaps half a
dozen good-sized pieces left, but none larger
than a man’s head, and riie
rest was powdered and mashed
into the hole where the rock had been. Such
a tumble power has the dualin that it would
seem to bo unfit for breaking quarried stone,
on account of the waste thatmust necessarily
ensue. It was very natural for a spectator
to say, as one of the party did, Why, where
has the rock gone to f”
The gentleman in charge of the explosive,
who has undertaken to give an abundant
supply of water for the Crane Company’s
n )ine, feels confident of being able to accom
plish this with the dualin. He handles it
with such skill and fearlessness as, after a
time, to begot confidence in the spectators.
Of course, the composition of the explosive
is a secret.
The Row Among the Ritualist*.
From the New York World, Nov. 27.
iho differences in rho views held hy the
vestrymen and pastor of Christ Church have
long caused a considerable lack of harmony
in the worship there, Ur. Ewor, as is uni
versally known, was desirous of introducing
the rites and usages of the early Church, and
his vestrymen wore opposed to any iunova
t o* l o general form of worship. The
last of these was the institution of the con
fessioDal--uoU however, in the souse that
the Church of Romo uses it—and all differ
ences wore settled at a meeting of the vestry
men on the 17th Inst., by Ur. Ewer’s letter
of resignation, and its unanimous
acceptance, \esterday the service at
the Church of the Holy Light, on Seventh
avenue, where Dr. Ewer officiated, was well
attended. Ihe little ediiicc is very unpre
tentious, ornamented, however by a very
tasteful altar, surmounting which is a largo
crossstudded with gas jets. It was crowded
chielly by the members of Christ Church
parish, who aro of Dr. Ewer’s way of thiuk
ing, r«o allusion was made to tlio recent
trouble by the reverend gentleman, who,
alter the conclusion of the services, in con
versation, said, “Wc arc staying hero for
the present; how long wc shall continue to
do so depends upon what arrangements wo
can make.”
Kcportcr. For how long have you rented
the church, Dr Ewer
Dr. Ewer. For three weeks. There will bo
a meeting of the congregation on the Sfhof
next mouth, to incorporate themselves as a
religions society in connection with the
Church in this diocese, and to elect wardens
and vestrymen. AVe shall then probably bo
able to arrange for more commodious quar
ters, which will be more appropriate for our
worship.
If. will you tell me. sir, what was the im
mediate cause of the division in Christ
Church?
x this: I disliked to submit
to dictation at the hands of any but those so
authorized by the church as to what I should
preach or what course I should pursue, con
sequently! sentin.my resignation. It is a
mistake to suppose there was any excitement
about the matter at all—there was none; I
merely preferred to bo independent, and my
resignation was immediately accepted.
If. And have these people been your par
ishoners heretofore
Dr. E. Yes. I left Christchurch and these
people have followed me. Our work will be
now devoted to the poorerelassesprominent
ly, among whom there is need enough for it,
and with whom we shall succeed.
At Christ Church yesterday morning Bish
op Amiifago, of Wisconsin, preached the ser
mon, and m the evening Dr. Potter of Grace
Church.
A Corner In Turnips—How a Fonglt-
Itceptiic Genius Raised the Price from
Xwenty.firc to Bixtr-nvo Cents a
Bushel,
From the Poughkeepsie (N. Y.) Eagle.
In October last 0. W. Wright, whose place
of business is at 457 Main street, contracted,
according to Mr. Wright’s statement, with B.
P. Jones, who resides on the South road, for
his (Jones’) turnips. Wright was to gather
them and take them to market and sell them,
giving Jones ouo-half of the proceeds, Jones
furnishing the team.
Wright wont to work with a will, and
gathered turnips without number, but came
to the conclusion that thov didn’t bring
enough for him to make his salt. So it be
came necessary to use strategy, in order to
faise the price from twenty cents per bushel
to a figure much higher. Wright’s brain
was equal to the emergency. Ho went into
executive session with himself, and, after
tmuKing the mat ter over careful!}*, came to
a conclusion at onco brilliant and novel.
with himself, lie walked
forth a changed man, and immediately had
ame made out of the aforesaid turnips
which was very palatable, and was so pro
nounced by Jones. Thereupon WrMit
seated himself at the table, and penned re
ceipts for the making, and sent thorn to the
several newspaper ofiices, from whence thev
were given to ilie public.
Good housewives read the nows with pleas
ure, ami straightway there was a demand
for “golden hall turnips” for turnip pie.
Iho price raised at once from 25 cents to
cents per bushel, thou to 40, then to 50. then
to 02 1-2. and would have undoubtedly ad
vanced to SO had not an unfortunate occur-
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1871.
fence toot place Trliicb. closed the turnip
market to purchasers, at least those turnips
owned by the firm of ‘Wright Jones.
About three weeks ago they quarrelled, even
yM® Wright was digging the golden
palls, and the quarrel resulted in the “pie
inventor” being driven in disgrace from 3lr.
Jones’ premises, leaving many bushels of
turnips to be gathered.
Smarting under the unhappy termination
of ins speculation, Wright now sues Jones,
laying Ins damages at about S2OO, The case
came before Justice Hunter, and would have
terminated quickly but for tho unfortunate
absence of an important witness on behalf of
W right, who is none other than his sister.
Mr. Wncht claims that she has been spirited
away to New Jersey, having been taken to
the depot m a close carriage, and says,
further, that the case is still before Justice
Hunter's court, awaiting her return. The
above version of the affair was in substance
told by Wright himself. Wo have not heard
Mr. Jones’ side of the story.
Wax. D. Rogers, Joseph Moore, Ja.
war. D. ROGERS CO,
OIiIGIXAL AND ONLY MANDFACTDEEBS OB
THE CELEBKATED
Rogers’ Fine Pleasure Carriages.
FINEST FINISH, NEWEST STYLES, and UNE
QUALLED DURABILITY?
Drawings and Specifications mailed when solicited.
‘Warerooms,loo9 1011 Ohoatnut-at; Man
ufactory, Thirteenth and Parrlsh-sia.
SUCCEEDING
GKO. W. WATSON Sa CO.,
REFINED LARD!
ALSO WINTEB-STBAIXED
LARD OIIaS,
SIGNAL,
AND MACHINERY OILS.
We arc prepared to supply the trade with goods of
our manufacture promptly, and at lowest market
rates. Addreah FAIBBaNK, PECK CO.,
Oflico and works. Eighteenth and Blackwcll-sts.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
urn him im
FOR REED ORGANS.
Loss expensive, and, of course, less extensive than
tho popular Now Method for Reed Organs,” this book
contains a sufficiency of pleasing, caaily-progrossiva
exercises and tones for the uao of amateurs who wish
to learn “without a master,” and for all who wish to
“go a little way.”
Sent, post-paid to any address, for One Dollar.
OLIVER DITSON 00., Boston.
0. H. DITSON CO.. Now York.
TheMusicalTreasure
A now book which will be a most acceptable
HOLIDAY PRESENT,
And is Indeed a Treasure, being filled with sparkling
Songs, Duets, Quartettes, Rondos, Polkas, polka Ma
zurkas, Schottisches, Quadrilles, Gallops. Marches,
Fonr-Hand Pieces, Ac., all of the best quality'.
Music fitted for Pianoforte or Reed Organ.
Price—Boards, $2.50; Cloth, $3; Full Gilt, $4.
Sew, post-paid, on receipt of retail price.
OLIVER DITSON CO., Boston.
0. H. DITSON CO., New York.
GENERAL NOTICES.
ALL WANTING FARMS
In a delightful climate, fertile country, the best of
markets, and a great railroad centre. The soil pr ty
duces tho beet of wheat, grass and com, grapes,
peaches and pears. More napes are shipped t&ao
from any other place In the union. The land can be
plowed all winter. It la perfectly healthy, and ua«
become the resort of Invalids. Society is good—boat of
schools, and churches of tho various orthodox doaomL
nations. Price of now land onlv $25 per acre. Town
lots, $l5O. Hundreds are settling. For information
and papers, address
CHAS. K. LANDIS, Vineland, N. J.
LUMBER.
IMPORTANT TQ BUILDERS. We are prepared
to furnish heavy Joist and Umber ol nil lengths and
sizes, at current prices, on short notice. Wo have on
hand a full assortment of Canada hoards, flooring,
Siding. «te. R. A. LOVELAND A CO.,
Comer of Grove and Twenty-second-ats., Chicago.
County Commissioners.
Notice la hereby given Hint the Board of County
Commissioners of Cook Comity will meet on Monday,
Dec. 4, IS7I, at 2 o'clock p. ni., In the High School
■Building on West Monroo-st.
JOHN o. QINDELE, County Clerk.
Chicago, Nov. 29,1571.
Crlstadoro’s Hair Dye.
Let them leave the ik-ld; there Is no longer an open*
Ing for oilier and Inferior Hair Dyes since Crlaladoro’e
famous preparation was introduced. It is now tho
only dye used by ladles or gentlemen of iliscrimlnation.
Nothing was over asked lor it but trial and compari
son, and the result has surpassed tho mo*t sanguine
expectations of its Inventor. Sold everywhere. Man
ufactory. (3 Malden Dane, N. T.
Batchelor’s Hair Dye.
This superb hair dye Is the best in the world—perfect
ly harmless, reliable and lastaeianaons; no disappoint
ment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable odor. The
genuine na. A Batchelor's hair dye produces Immedi
ately a splendid bl*ck or natural brown, leaves the
hair clean, soft, beautiful; dooa not contain a particle
of lead, or any Injurious compound, hold by all drag*
gists. Factory, is Bond at.. N*w York
LZGAI. NOTICES.
IN THE MATTER of the Montana Gold Mining Com*
pany. Bankrupt. Peremptory bale.
In pursuance of the order of the District Court or the
United States for the Southern District of Now York,
the assignee offers (or sale aQ the property of tbe bank
rupt to close tho estate, viz:
Thlrty&lno mining claims on different lodes in dear
Crook and Galplu Counties, Colorado, embracing tbe
celebrated Kansas, Kent County, Pratt, Vasa, etc., with
whim and whim houses; also, a parcel of laud in Oea
tral city, extending from Spring Gulch to the Nevada
Gulch, fioad, containing upward of 77,000 square feet,
with quartz mill thereon 60x100 feet, two stories high,
containing 30 stamps, 80 horso power engine, two 23 foot
two-floe boilers, six Freiburg pans, necessary pumps,
tanks, etc., all lu perfect running order, etc., etc.
Offers and negotiations as to terms are invited. I]
not sold at private sale prior to the 13th day of Decem
ber, 1871, the same will fce sold on that day, at 12 m., to
the highest bidder, for cash, at public auction, by
Albert H. Nlcolay. auctioneer, at the Merchants* Ex
change Sales Booms, No. ill Broadway, lu the city of
New York, without further notice.
Tho property cost tbe bankrupt upwards of *2SO COO.
more than *IOO,OOO having been expended ou the mill
alone.
For ifurlher particulars, apply to tho autioaeer. 41
Fine st„ N. T., or Sylvester B. Cobh, Assignee.
SAMUEL B. HEOENBOTAM,
Attorney. 23 Pins at., N. T.
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
IHMAN LOTE,
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS,
Carrying the Sails between Europe and
America. Steam twice a week between
Hew York and Liverpool, Queens
town, Londonderry, Glasgow, and
Scandinavian, German, and
other Enropcon Ports.
Through Tickets between all the principal cities In
the United States and Europe.
Sight Draft© for £1 and upward on Great Britain.
Ireland, and the Continent. Address
FRANCIS O. BROWN,
__ aa WftßtTTinvJe-Rt-. Chicago,
SHIRTS
-A.T WILSON BROS.,
r3l Wabash-av., 88 Went Washlngton-at, Chicago, and
Pike's Opera House, Cincinnati.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION or COPARTNERSHIP
The firm of A.S. Wadbams «fe Co. is this dav dis
solved, Mr. A. S. Wadliams having purchased the
interest of Sir, if. A.Torroy In said firm. Mr. A. 8. Wad
hams is alone authorized to settle all liabilities and as
seta of the late linn. A. S. WADHAMS,
_ MARK A. TORREY,
Chicago, hi ovember 21,1371.
The business of manufacturing Regalia Pharapher.
nalla. «tc., &c.. will bo continued at 4ija West Sfadi.
son-f-t.. by A. .S. WADHAMS.
MACHINERY.
WOOD, TABER MORSE,
EATON, MADISON COUNTY, N. Y„
MANUFACTURERS OP
Steam Eng-ines,
Portable, Stationary Agricultural.
Hundreds In use in Shops, Printing Room# Mills,
Mines, _ and on Farms and Plantations, for Grain
Threshing, Food Cooking for Stock, Cotton Ginning
flaying. <fto. ty Circulars sent on application.
EDUCATIONAL.
REAPER HALL, REAOSHA, WIS.
Ah a lirat-claas Institution for girls and young ladles.
Kemper Hail, elegantly equipped andoppolntou, offers!
to every department, ant erior advantages.
Special and liberal terms made -with Chicago suffer
era. PnpUs received at any time. References; The
Rev. Clinton Eocke, H. 8., Rector Grace CUnrcln the
Rev. Jolm Wilkinson, Rector Holy Communion and
Joseph P. Clarkson, Esq., 4&4 Wabash-av., from any
one of •whom circulars may, at any time, be obtained,
Por particulars address Rev. GEO. it. Everhart, D.D.,
MEDICAL CARDS
Dr. A. G. Olin,
ASSfSSSaSyK.
CARRIAGES.
ESTABLISHED ISIS.
(Retired.)
PHILADELPHIA.
lard.
BUSINESS CARDS.
MORSE,WARD&OO.,
PRODUCE
Commission Merchants,
No. 227 East Mlchigan-st.
Advances made on consignments of Grain. Provi
sions, Dressed Hogs, etc., for sale in this market.
Property bought and sold on margins.
REFER BY PERMISSION TO
FIRST NATIONAL BANK. Chicago.
UNION NATIONAL BANK, Chicago.
PUNT, THOMPSON «fc CO.. Chicago.
BEIB, MURDOCH <fe FISCHER, Chicago.
now GLASS,
PtMIJYTS .I.VO OILS,
PAGE SPRAGUE,
306 and 308 Wahash-av.
JOHN W. DEAIV,
SUPERINTENDENT OP
PRINTING,
and Bionic Book Manufacturing, frill bo glad to see
his old customers and friends at
■783 STATE-ST,
with Hadley Bros., Booksellers and Stationers.
A. P. OTTO,
Watchmaker <V Jeweller,
No. 201 riftli av. Residence, 75 Aberdecn-st.
Brick Commission Merchants.
Established 1855.
Consignments of all kinds of Building Material ami
Brick solicited from the country. Reierences: Second
National Bank. Chicago: Comwater National Bank,
Coldvraler. Mich.
P. S.—W o have 1,000,000 very nice, largo brick for
sale on ears. _ Tlnyvra i.loaao caU and seo Hamnlca.
MUBSELWIIITE CO., Brick Commission Mor
chants, C 7 West Lake-at
Colwell, Clark Co.,
CONTRACTORS BDILDEBS,
OTTAWA, ILLINOIS.
Having on extensive Planing, Sash, Door, and Blind
Factory In active operation. where are employed 100
men. and ■with aheavyiKock of seasoned Lumber on
hand, -wo are prepared to do contract work in Chicago
with despatch; -will take contracts. Including mason
ry. We invito correspondence from parties desiring to
build. COLWELL. CLARK CO.
C. S. RANUIiV CO.,
iiciectml Iron Ms,
CINCINNATI,
Manufacture Store Fronts, Boors and Shutters, Jail
Work, Glass Pavements, Grates, Mantels, Railings,
and all Iron Work used In tho erection of buildings.
GAGE BROS. CO.
■WHOLESALE
MILLINERY.
061 Indiana-ar., between Twentieth and
Tweniy<anUU,
BRICK AND STONE
ODD AND MEW
BOUGHT FOB CASH, BY
LBIM BRIDGES CO.,
Dealer In nil kinds of Building Materials and Beady
made Houses, corner Carroll and Samramoa-sts.
EAGLE LEON FOUNDRY,
(Established in 1340,)
SAMUEL J. CREBWKLL, Jr.,
612,614,816, and 818 Raco-af.,
PHILADELPHIA.
Iron Fronts, Stairs, Girders, Lintels. Columns, etc..
etc. Light and heavv Water Plikjs. Sinks, etc. Flro
Doors, Cara, and- Bakers’ Oven Castings, etc. Old
castings of all descriptions.
MBS. MINA PAULY,
DOCTRESS,
Will euro Erysipelas, Burns, Boro Breasts, and other
diseases, especially female complaints. Office and res
idenco Fifty-second-at., between State and Burnside.
TOYS.
Verglio, Rubling Co.’s Retail Store,
934 State-st.
J. MASON FARRIER,
Negotiator of Chicago Mortgages and Beal Estate,
No. 3 Boaton Post Building, Boston. Refers to Hon.
Jaa. F. Joy, Hon. Hugh T. Dickey, Hon. Mark Skinner.
E. Sweet, Jr. Co.,
Civil Engineers and Contractors,
99 Sm Clinton-st; Chicago
Contractors for railroad, dock and bridge building.
DE. W. C. HUNT,
Office, 318 West Madison-sf.
Besldence, 657 West Monrocst.
DRUGS.
MBLBffT k EBSML,
Successors to J. H. Reed Co.,
WltOhE StSULJE
DRUGGISTS,
619 STATE S!.,
are now prepared to fill all or
ders, having received since the
fire a complete stock of all goods
in their line.
NEW MUSIC.
GEO. F. ROOT’S
Three Fire Songs.
PASSING THROUGH THE FIRE,
(RESIGNATION.)
Ye Have Done It Unto Me,
(GRATITUDE.)
From the Ruins Our City Shall Rise,
(COURAGE.)
O* Thirty cents each. Sent by mall.
ROOT A CADY,
Cl 2 Mlchlgan-av., Chicago.
underwear.
B. C. ROGERS CO.
334 WEST MADISOR-ST.,
HEALERS IN
Men’s Furnishing Goods.
MiIfEFACTCREBS OF SHIRTS,
Wo have Just received a full lino of CHEVIOT
SHIRTS, SlUttings, Underwear, Hosiery, Keck Wear,
and a splendid assortment of Gloves at their lowest
Prices. b. C. ROGERS CO.,
CROCKERY.
A. LIEBENSTEIN CO.,
319 Michigan-av., near Twelfth-si,,
WHOLESALE HEALERS IN
CROCKERY,
Table Glassware and lamp Goods.
SHOES.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan. 1,1972, for the better accommodation
of our rapidly increasing
Chicago and Western Trade,
we will open a Branch Salesroom
Corner IWicliipran-av. and Harrl
son-st., np stairs.
thos. feare? sonars.
AS 1 FACTOR! —4, G, 8 tod 10 Unloa-st., Albany, N.Y
DRV GOODS.
J.B.SHAT,
Wholesale Dry Goods,
219, 211, 213 and 215 West ladison-st.
Has Just received and now In stock
40 bales low priced plain and (willed
scarlet flannel.
IS canes Kentucky Jeans, all grades.
10 cases Collonades, all grades.
18 cases black and gold mixed Bcpellants,
all grades.
35 cases Brown and Bleacbed Canton
Flannels, ail grades.
S cases Tj con Reps.
1 case fronting Linens, assorted prices.
10 cases 7 and 8-4 Bleacbed Linen
Damask.
25 cases Ladles’ and Cents’ Underwear.
3,500 dozen Ladles’, Cents’ and Children’s
Bose.
330 pieces of onr Jnstly celebrated Con
quer Double-faced Black Alpacas. Also a
full line of American Cotton-Telvcts and
Velveteens, Balmoral and Felt Skirts.
DRESS GOODS,
Laces and Lacc Goods, IToblas, Batting,
Brown, Silver, Cray and White Blankets, and
the best Notion Stock In Chicago. All goods
sold at our nsnal LOW PBICES.
JOHN V. FARWELL
CO,,
247 249 Monroe-st.
We are happy to announce that we
are in onr new quarters with a mil
line af goods in all departments,
which we are offering at the lowest
rates. Our facilities are ample to
meet the demands of the trade.
Orders will be filled promptly, and
satisfaction guaranteed.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
Boots ml Blots.
DOGBETT.BiSSETT&HES,
ETIADaUABTEBS AS
522 Wabasa-av.,
comer Hannon-oonrt, are now receiving a new stockof
Boots and Shoes,
and are prepared to supply cus*
toners.
AFTER THE FIRE.
S. H, FLORSHEIMj
Dealers in
BOOTS AIvU SHOES.
are now located at no West Madison and 471 state-sts.,
(formerly -1C 2L Clark asil ils South Clark.)
Boots and Shoes,
MCCORMICK CLARE, formerly at 67 South
Clark-st, have reopened at 40 Madison-at., opposite
Shennan House, and are now prepared to supply their
customers with good goods at low prices.
Boots and Shoes.
4. T, JEWSTT
1001 State st.
I have opened my business at the above number,
where I have the faclHUee to meet tho wants of my
r ormer patrons, as well os those who may favor me
with call.
HAL FORD
lEKESTERSHIRE
TABLE SIDES
The JDeit Satire and Rrlish made in ant*
part at the nortd, 9
FOR FAMILY USE.
rg~To be had of all first-class grocers.
PISTOLS. &o.
GUNS, RIFLES
Pistols, Fishing Shooting Tackle,
Brooch-loading Implements and Fixed Ammunition,
Pistol Cartridges, Gunpowder, Shot, Lead, Blasting
Powder, Safety Fuse, a general assortment of Sport
ing Goods, Gunsmiths’ Materials, Pocket Cutlery and
Newhouso traps. Agent for Geo. T. Abbey's celebra
ted top-fastening breech loader.
All orders for goods la (or out of) our line shall have
prompt attention.
E. E. EATON, 731 State-eL,
Formerly Eaton Abbey, 101 Lake-et.
CIGARS.
HAVANA GIGARS.
The undersigned are receiving by weekly gleamer
full assortment of thomostdesirablebrands of Havana
Cigars. Their stock Is large and thoroughly assorted,
enabling them at all times to fill orders promptly, with
the freshest and most desirable goods, and at tbe low
©st prices. Price lists will bo forwarded on applica
tion. The following brands are among those which
they receive regularly:
La Bosa da Santiago, Partagas.
La Anttgunlad. Cubanas.
Flor del Pumar. Figaro.
FlordeiLazo. Espauols.
O. Gonzalez. Bonry Clay.
Agojla doOro, logon ni dad.
Chnrruca. Ititimidad.
Uptnann. Rosalia.
Ozeguera. Laßoiorva.
Aclarucivu., Agoiia Universal*
Legitimfdad. Escepclon.
Marios. Meridians.
FARR TIZ.FORR,
931 and 933 Broadway.
New York. Aag. 1 1871.
"City if Hama,”
33 West Madison-st.,
is the only place in Chicago where OIGAES
are retailed at wholesale prices. Coll and he
convinced.
FOR SALE.
CtejFaiK, Free Homes!
OX THE USE OP-THE
DXiTION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
A LAND GILIJiT OF
18,000,000 AGEES
OF THE
Best Farming and Mineral lands in America.
3,000,000
Acres of Choice Farming and Grazing Lands on the
hno of the Road, in the State of Nebraska, in the Great
ri rS. tto aUt T> now lor sale, for cash or long credit.
These lands are In a mild and healthy climate,and for
Pricesßange from $2 to $lO per Acre,
HODESTEiDS FOUiCTI'iL SETTLERS,
2,500,000
Acres of Government Land between Omaha and North
Platto* open for entry os HOMESTEADS ONLY.
SOLDIERS OF THE LATE WAR
AHE ENTITLED TO A
FREE HOMESTEAD OF 160 ACRES,
ithin Italiroail limits, equal to a
Direct Bounty of S4OO.
!9*Scnil for the now edition of descriptive pamphlet,
rruii new maps, mailed free ovcrrwhoro.
Address _ o. if. DAVIS,_
Land Commissioner u'. P. R. It. Co.,
OMAHA, NE
IMS! IBICES 1 BRICKS!
Beet Philadelphia Pronto. Apply to J. dfc
T. GELIiESPEETISSS and 1330 South Broad
gt, Phildelpbln-
WEATHER STRIPS
At 117 West Washington-st.
SEWING MACHINES.
WANTED.
All persons who have lost their
SEWING MACHINE, of whatever
make, by the late fire, to call at the
office of the HOME SHUTTLE SEW
ING MACHINE, No. 247 West Had
ison-st., in basement, and examine the
Simplest, Cheapest Lock-Stitch Mach
ine in the World.
Price S4O.
All parties who have lost their Sew
ing Machine, of whatever make, by
buying from us, will get a DISCOUNT
of Twenty-five per cent from our
regular prices.
ray Mai nura.
■SUN, GIM k CO..
GENERAL AGENTS.
Special Notice.
The world-renowned HOWE
SEWING MACHINES JBSoive,
Tr have again got into
good working order and
have ample facilities for sup
plying these celebrated ma
chines to the trade of the
Northwest. SPECIAL ATTEN
TION tvill be given to our CHI
CAGO CITY TRADE, and we in
vite every person about to
purchase to call and exam
ine the oldest best and most
reliable Sewing illachine ex
tant, Terms as liberal as
are kuotcn to the Trader
THEHOWEMACHINECO.
J. O. KUVANT, Manager.
GENERAL OFFICE-No. 2-39 Smlh Dalsted-sl,
SOUTH SIDE OFFICE-Sa. §29 Wabasft-av
Important Notice.
AH persons The held a Howe Sewing Ha
thine on lease, and pacing for the same in
monthly Instalments, and who formerly re*
sided In the BUKOT DISTRICT, arc respect,
folly requested to tall at the Office of The
Howe Sewing machine Co., 239 S. Halsted-st.,
and give Information In reference to the
same, Von ore earnestly requested to give
this yoor immediate attention, as we desire
to ascertain whether the machine was sayed
or lost.
THE HOWE lUCHIXE CO.,
FURNITURE,
BUBERT H,
FURNITURE.
Office Purn iture, C ham be r Suits,
Parlor Suits, Library Furni
ture, Dining-room Furni
ture, Mattresses, Bed
Springs, &c., &c.
i Q show 6tii* mentis and pa
irons a full assortment of FIRST-CLASS FURNI
TURE, consisting In part of the above described arti
ticles, all of which wo offer
AT -EXTREMELY LOW PRICES.
OCK STOCK IS AIL NEW AND FRESH and
from tho beat manufacturers anil warranted. Call and
see us at our new Quarters,
H T o. 322 Mchigau-av.
GILBERT SAMPS OW.
miscellakeoiis.
SIiEIGH BEEES!
SKATES! SKATES!
AT
J. L. WAYNE SON’S,
14 JVorth Canal-st.,
Between Handolpb and Lake sts.
LIVERY.
The only first-class Livery and Board
ing Stable in the Burned District. A fine
stock and best of accommodations for 20
to 30 boarders. Parties wishing to buy
or sell will do well to call.
H. NEWTON CO..
Floors that Wont Burn!
MADE OF MARBLE,
WHITE BLACK,
By GEO. BARNEY, SWAMTOM, Vt.
Tie Stewart Fund for tie Relief of
Women and Ciildren.
The Committee appointed by Mr. A. T. Stewart to
supervise tbe expenditure ot his donation have de
cided to have the fond expended by the Chicago Aid
and Relict Society, though each agencies as may be
decided upon by the committee. Applications of
benevolent societies, or individuals for the relief of
destitute women and children may he made by letter
or in person, to N. 8. BOUTON, at Standard Hall!
corner Michlgan-av. and Thirteenth-st. Odice hoars
from lto3 p. m., daily. Persons regularly recoivina
aid from Belief Societies need not apply.
Bridges, Hoofs, &c,,
The Michigan Bridge and Construction Co. are pro.
pared to erect wooden, iron, or combination roofs or
bridges at short notice.
Correspondents please address Michigan Bridge and
Construction Co., Detroit. Mipfi.
TO BANKERS
Andotherß.\7hy don’t you bolld bank vaults, &0., ol
FIRE BRICK!
ROBINSON SON.. 215 East Madison-st.
w NOTICE.
Having concluded to discontinue the branch of our
bouse heretofore located in the city of Chicago, the
power of attorney given by Pcrlflna, Stora d: Co.,
about may, ISCS, to Benjamin Bruce Jr.,to sign checks
and do other business tor us in said city of Chicago. Is
hereby revoked. PERKINS STERN.
Chicago, Kor. 20.1571.
BUB3STT PAPEB.
W'ritingßerfectly Restored.
The -writing on papers badly charred, in fact so
much so that great care hail to ho taken to prevent
them from falling to pieces, hare been perfectly re
stored by using onr
INK. DEVELOPER.
JXore than fifty different firms have already used it
With perfect success in copying their hooks amt papers.
Call at ear ofilco, Union park, comer ATaiiieon-st.
j. MonuiSjfcCO.
LlDian’s i»iiß7 Loan Office,
formerly comer STadiann-sfs.- AU pledges
not redeemed by the Ist of December will bp sold.
A LlPif AN, 614 Michigaa-av.
SL:OW CASES.
Threo now patented designs, superior to all others.
Send for circular. W. H. OROVif, manufacturer. 111
North Ponrtb-st.. Philadelphia;
013 BOQ2KS.
Tho highest cash pricopald for old Books and Li
braries. Call or address the cheap Book Store.
CHAPIN dt CO.. 5G2 Wahash-av.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
Copartnership Notice.
Frederick Millcman Ms retired from oar firm. The
business will bo carried on under tbo old name of
Henry Oi'PCubeimer «fc Co, at IWBroadwaj, No\r
York.
HENRY OPPENHEIMER CO.
Copartnership Notice.
John A. Elifion. haring aoM out Ills entire interest
In tlio firm of Wm. A. Butters Co., to the other
members thereof, thereby business to be
conducted as heretofore, by the undersigned, who are
alone authorized to collect the assets and par the Ua.
unities of said firm. WM. A. BUTTEK* CO.
Chicago, Itor. 6,1371.
STOVES AND FI TXSJ
THE CELEBH
DjibmjHeSoft
BASE-BURI
A perfect gas and sm
er, economical in com
of fuel; the greatest
existence. Fire kept
■without replenishing,
tion guaranteed. Man
by Burdett, Smith i
N. Y. For sale by
TILLOTSON I
Michigan-:
COSK2R JACKS
FEABU
Cooking Stove, for Coal or
without low Reaerv
BBIIXLA
Base-Burner, for small rooms
or heating two floo
CHEAP COOK AND PABL(
in great variety, which we
trade at low price
J.RBATHBONI
30 32 SOUTH CAH
STOVEI
If you ivaflt a stove for yonr parloi
chamber, got the King of BAtfE BU'
THE ILLUMIN'
If yon want the best cook stove i.
ranted in every respect, get the
MAGEE ADVAK
MAGEE STANDARD, with roastii
Magee’s New Portabl
The Cheapest and best range in
Sufferers by the great tiro can gel
stovea at wholesale prices, delivered
TIIL JL O T S OIV
.ITicAignu-ar. corner J ft
FULLER, WARRE
Office: Korth Pier, near lag
Fall assortment Stewart's Stoves,:
Warren Ranges, The only whoh
house left by the great flro, with the
complete stock in the West
LIVING A6I
“THE t.
has no equa-
tryS’—Fhilad'
It Mauds
nineteenth
lnre.«— (Jhicc
nal.
“The best £3
Amerlca.
Cuyler,
Littell’s Livln
Issued every Saturday, gives ft;
aixty-four pages each, or c
Ihree Thousand Houblc-C
Pages
Of reading-matter yearly; and Is i
tlon that presents, with a? aotisCn
ness as well as freshness, the bes
Criticisms, Serial and Short Stories.
Biographical, Historical, and Poll
from the entire body of Foreign Pei
and from the pens of the
ABLEST LIVING WK
H is therefore indispensable to eve
to keep pace with the events or in
of the time, or to cnltinate in hlmsel
graj intelligence and literary taste.
Extracts from Pfo
‘‘■J’ejel.inviewofallthe cempe
1 should com
LIVUTG AGE.’ —Rec. Henry tr«xrc
“In no other single puhlicatioa
so much of alerting literary excel
£ten(ng Post.
The best of all ouf eclectic publii
Icon, iV'fio York.
‘Mcstessars. tio malt er
tlie finest poetry of tho Enclbh i
gathered U>eetker-."-Iltlnols male J
“Forthinkingpcople, the best of
lieatlons; and the chaineet. j
comes every \cede.*—The Advance, Ch
“It gives to its readers taoroth
double column odavo pages ayear
able, instructive and entertaining i
History, blognphy, rictloa. poetry,
ties, criticisms. art,-.what isnothc'
compilation tint presents, ivlth a
pleteness. as wdl as freshness, the
the almost mmtnerable, and genet
European Quarterlies, monthlies, ai
erature embrace g tho production
mostcultured writers living.
Sable to every ore who desires a thor
of ail that is adntoible and notewon
world.”— Boston fast
PiiblLrtied weeily at Ss.oo a vear.
Address XITTBIi*
The lest Home Literatm
C Possessed oI’UTTELL’S LIVI
one or other of cir vivacious Ame;
subscriber will fed himself tacomr
situation- PhlXuUlnhta Eteninn Mu
for Ten Dollar, THE LIVING A'
taming tho crean of T oreign Periodic
either oneof tholeading Magazines
ture named helor, will bo seat to or
year, viz.:
Harper’s Moutily (or Weekly, or B
tio Monthly, Lijdncotfs Monthly.
and New, ScribiWs Monthly. The 6
or Appleton’s Jornial (weekly): or. i
LIVING AGE all Our Young Polks.
Address a? abore.
frnvrFg table.
Arriral anl Departure
WINDER ARRANOEII
Mich. Central*: Great Weau v
Depot—Poet of t'wenty-second-gt.
Caaa-st., comer Madia.
Mall (via main andairline)—...Mfcj& J
PastJ«ew YorkEareaa sms
&i* TO -Ur Dine...;.. 5:23
i*& t J“9’ Pes8 **W3
Sundayexw
excepted. Eekby c. wek _ v
Genera. Pa
Illhola Central.
On and after Wov. t, is7i. anj nutii
fcavo and arrive
Twenty-sscon d-et, as follows:
St. Xonls Express,
l2
Cairo Express.. 7 10
7 10
Gilman Passenger. s :ii
Hyde Pari anOOak Woods. &25
do do do
do do do 3-m
do do do *n *&25
do do do
•Sundays excepted. fsat
Chicago, Hock Inland Pac!
Van Burca andi'
racillo iSr™. o^ 11 33 reat .fS'

Leavenworth Express .*....*10:0
An elegant parlor sleeping car is at
a. m. train running through to Co
Omaha.
Chicago and Alton Railroad—Cl
at. Louis Through Line and L
>err Short Route between Chi
•as City.
CKiOM Depot—TYeat side, near Ma
.-t 7;10
5:25
&25
St. Louis Springfield Ex, via
Main lino *O.l
Kansas CdyfpstExvia Jackson-
Till?, 111., aad T-nnaiqn-y jj Q t f...
Wenona. Dacon «t Washington
Ex. (Western Division)....
Joliet Accommodation,,.
st E t(
St. Louis <t Sprlnfifleld£iStninir IDU
Ex. via Stain Line, and
-via Jacksonville Division
Kansas City Ex. via Jacksonville
UL, and fifo is- -1
•Expect Sunday, ton Sunday ru
only, Saturday. {Daily. r
l>nke Shore dt ailchignn Scat n *.l1
D spot—Comer ot Polk and E
Ticket Office, southwest cor. Hadi
Mail e,i
Special New York IhrpreaaV/V*”
Atlantic Express (daflr)
Night Expre55...,,,,,.,
Chicago, .Burlington Sc
Ticket Office under Brifwa Korn
J^SS-^° tes^BSS
Mall and Express..
Pacific Past Line,.,,,.
Galesburg Passenger.’.**
MeodMa Ottawa Paia'ciSSl
Aurora Passenger.,..
Pacific Night Express!!! ’.V.V'*”
Grove Accommodation
Riverside and Ulus dole
Riverside aad Hinsdale
Riverside and Hinsdale
eice™S TaolCepted
Chicago, Danville Ss Tint J.
EEPOT-Corner Cai u
Woat Side. FreightOlflooat
«“ce. ccrner ITalat^land <i
Mail Train. Time
Chicago et Northwest r:»
Ticket Olßoa—Southeast cornet
813.
Clinton Pasflencen,,....,
Pacific fast line -u
Pacific night express fl •-a
Fort Dodgo and Dabuqaa
express n n
Sion City and Babnqno ex.. »f x
Milwaukee mai1................ n
Milwaukee express
Milwaukee passenger. *C t
Milwaukee passenger {daily). u;>'
Greenßay express «io -.1
Green Bay. *i 3
•San Oar excepted. iSatordan 1'
!U
•f Zi