——ni--' 'UT ■TBiPVKS? WiWM
in*_ ■MMTOMtti
Hocal anlj £tate Kcujb.
The Governor and Council have taken a we-s
until after the holidays.
A vacation of two or three weeks commenced in
the city school* to-day.
The Daily will be Issued as usual on Monday,
but no paper will be published on Tuesday
morning, that being the day following Christmas.
The Free Baptist Society of this city will have a
Christmas festival at their vestry on Monday eve
ning. Christmas tree for the children. A small
admission fee will he charged.
Divine Service in St. Mark's Church on Christ-
mas day will be at the usual hour of Sunday
morning service. To-morrow evening the Rector
will preach a sermon on “Why we keep Christmas.”
Regardless of the cold weather the farmers get
in town to pm chase their Holiday gifts. It is need
less to say that many of them go to Brick’s and get
Wheeler and Wilson's hewing ma<‘hiues. They
want the best, as well as our city folks.
A Canadian at “The Forko” has been “cupping"
the trees in the big woods of Northern Somerset,
itnd selling the llr balsam which he obtains to Au
gusta, skowhegan and Waterville druggists ut .a
gallon.
In municipal court yesterday, Jeremiah Kemp*
ton charged with larceny of a lap robe from the
sleigh of Dr. Cro ker, plead not guilty, adjudged
guilty and lined five dollars and cost. Allowed a
week to raise the money to pay the same.
heeler Brothers, Gardiner, seem determined to
lose out their large and rich stock of llats, Caps,
Furs, jfcr., to the lowest purchaser. Their sales for
tile Holidays are immense. Give them a call und
suit yourselves on goods and prices.
The village of New Vineyard, which is notorious
on account of having petitioned for the pardon of
the criminal Hoswetl-lias again distinguished it
self as having a high order of civilization, by ex*
polling from their district school, a girl because she
did not live in the district when Hie number 01
scholars was taken last spring!
A little son of Mr. Diasm-ire of IIa!iowell, came
very near meeting with a fatal accident yesterday
morning. tVnile the mixed train was standing at
Hie station, the little fellow got into a cur partially
loade I, when the train was suddenly backed, and
a bale ofburlaps fell upon him. Fortunately help
was near at hand and he was rescued with slight
bruises.
Our readers are reminded that there will be
another exhibition of JBuiivard'a Holy i.nuil, at Me
dium Hall this evening. Those who attended n
Thursday evening were delighted with the paint
ing^ Our city clergymen are ready to give their
testimonial* of their high esteem of the represen
tations. Persons interested in bible history and
geography shauld not fail to attend.
The Swedish Colon) In Maine.
The board of immigration, created by the
last legislature, consisting ot the Governor,
Secretary of State and I.and Agent, have
liad the general oversight of the settlement
of the Swedish colonists in Aroostook
county, hut the special duties, and in fact
most of the labor connected with the immi
gration, have been performed by the Commis
sioner. W. W. Thomas, Ksq., of Portland,
who w ill make his report to the board. We
have been granted the privilege of examining
a few pages of the forthcoming report, and
have gathered from it a f w facts ot interest.
On the 23d day of July. 1870, tile first Swed
ish colony settled in the wilderness of North
ern Aroostook, numbering-50 persons. In
less than a year the population was doubled,
and on the first day of January last the pop
ulation ot New Sweden amounted to 114, men
w omen and children-. Two hundred acres of
land had been partially cleared, 26 comforta
ble timber houses erected for the homes ot
the people, and a largo frame building erected
called “the capital.” The prospertv of the
colony lias been as fully marked the past
year. The total Swedish immigration for the
year is about 000, making a total population
at present of ove r 1000 souls. These immi
grants are not paupers that come to our
shores to her tin the recipients ot the State's
charity. They have paid their passage to this
country, and brought with them clothing,
tents, various household goods, and at least
$40,000 in hard money. And one-half of
these Swedes are hard-fisted tailoring men.
and as the computed value of a man to the
State averages $1000, it will he seen that
Maine has added by their coming $500,000 o
the wealth of its population, recompensing
the State a great many times for all the ex
pense she has incurred in behalf of these im
migrants.
The State has given the colonists a start in
supplying them with food and necessary ag
ricultural implements, which has enabled
them to get along until the harvesting of their
first crops. For these favors the Swedes have
made roads and other works for the public
benefit. In short the Swede seems disposed
to give back in labor all that the State ad
vanced him on his coming. On the first of
the present month the Swedes had reimbursed
to the State $2,23*, in labor and crops, for
supplies advanced, remaining indebted to the
State in the sum of $7,687,13, which will be
fully paid in cash, crops or labor, whenever
demanded or thought best by the proper au
thorities.
As the colonists are now abundantly able
to take cftre of themselves, they are of
course out of need from further State aid in
money. During the past year the crops have
yielded well, making the experiment of farm
ing with them an assured fact. Three thous
and bushels of grain have been threshed out,
1200 bushels of which were wheat, and 5000
bushels of potatoes have been harvested.
The colony has fairly outgrown the original
limits of the New Sweden settlement, and
Scandinavians arc taking unto themselves
homes in the adjoining town of Lyndon, and
the plantations of Woodland and Perham.
Each lot contains 100 acres, and as there are
200 of these lots, 20,000 acres of land are
taken up; 2000 acres of 'hose are felled, 500
acres cleared, and so houses and 17 barns built.
There are 204 men in the colony, 112 women
and 237 children, making a total of 553. When
we remember that where these people live
was an unbroken forest in June 1870, wc have
an idea of the work that lias been done. And
this population has been reaching out for new
territory, new forests to level, new soil to
subdue. The colony, so to speak, is the
nursery of the vast outlying agricultural re
gion, furnishing -farm hands and mechanics
to those who may be in need of help. There
are at least 500 Swedes employed in the State
outside of the immediate limits uf New Swe
den. To provide room for all new comers,
the Commissioner suggests that the State
lands in townships F and No. 8, ltange 5. W.
E. L. S., be lotted for Swedish settlement.
Township No. 15, Range 5, W. E. L. S.,
granted by the State to the E. N. A. Rail
way Co.,lies contiguous to New Sweden, and i
is accessible by railway. It seems to the
Commissioner advisable that tho corporation
put the township into settling lots and offtr
them for sale.
The Swedes, in a body, are well contented
with their new homes and conditions. Those
who were not so have left the colony lor the
colony's good. The coming of these honest,
industrious, moral, religious and intelligent
people to our State has attracted attention
elsewhere to the subject and proved the most
effectual measure ever adopted by the State
for peopling the wilderness domain. The
commissioner says that but one more appro
priation will be needed to place the enter
prise upon a self-supporting basis.
By the provisions of the homestead bill of
this State, which lias been in operation for
two years, 100 acres of land are given to any
actual Swedish settler. The-continuance of
this law is the only direct aid that will be
necessary in the future to extend to immi
grants.
In his summary of the whole matter, the
Commissioner is confident that tho immigra
tion policy of the State should be carried for
ward judiciously and economically, and now
that Hie movement is well underway to let
future immigration llow in naturally, with
out help or hindrance, holding out the sign
to all that may lie attracted here—“homes for
the honi'less."
Summary or Religious Intelligence.
Rev. Smith Baker, who went from this State
recently to become the pastor of a church in
Lowell, is having great success in his new
field, as his many friends in this State will be
glad to learn.
A good revival interest still continues in
several of the settlements of the Dead River.
Several have been awakened, and others bap
tised.
At the December session of the Anson
Quarterly Meeting, Mr. Brice Edwards was
licensed to preach the gospel, and was so
recommended to the churches.
There has been a revival in the Unirersa
list Society at Denmark corner. Thef have
repaired and repainted their church and have
preaching ouce a fortnight.
Rev. Dr. Shailer, pastor of the Second Bap
tist church, in Portland, recently baptised
seven persons, and admitted thirteen to mem
bership.
The Congregational church at Gorham, is
still without a pastor. The pulpit is at pres
ent supplied by Rev. Mr. Perkins, of Gorham,
who lias been for some years past engaged in
teaching a select school for boys.
The frienjs of Rev. D. II. Sherman and
family of Corinna made them a donation visit
Tuesday evening, leaving with them more
than fifty dollars in cash and valuables. The
students of Corinna Academy, of which Mr.
Sherman is principal, presented him an over
coat, hat and outfit, a few days since.
Rev. J. II. Amies, pastor of the Lewiston
Universalist Society, will spend the last two
Sabbaths of this month with his society,
which services will close his labors in Lewis
ion.
Rev. M. t imer writes that he has com
menced preaching and gathering a Free Bap
tist church in Calais, an important locality and
one in which it seems desirable to establish a
church. Money is needed to defray the ex
pense of purchasing a house of worship.
Any one esteeming it a privilege to help so
worthy a cause, may remit to L. R. Burlin
game, at the Morning Star office, Dover, X.
H., L. L. Harmon, Portsmouth, X. II., or
Rev. M. Ulmer, Calais, Me.
The India Street Universalist church in
Portland was dedicated on Thursday evening,
the pastor elect. Rev. George \V. Bicknell,
preaching the sermon. On Friday evening
Mr. Bicknell was installed as pastor, the Rev.
W. E. Gibbs of Portland, preaching the ser
mon.
The friends of Rev. George Briggs of West
Paris, to the number of one hundred and fifty,
made him a friendly visit on the 12th inst.,
and after a pleasant interview during the af
ternoon and evening they returned home,
leaving behind them tokens of their kind re
gards amounting to rising sixty dollars.
One of the Lewiston pastors preached on
the last Sabbath, on “Genesis and Geology,”
and urged that Geology confirms the trutli of
the Biblical statement of Creation. Referring
to the now exploded notion that the “days”
alluded to in Genesis were our solar days, the
pastor remarked that it seems to have been
overlooked by the adherents of the notion of
solar days, that the sun was not created at all
till the fourth day
Rev. S. J. Evans of Danvers, Mass., who
died in that place on Tuesday of last week,
was for several years rector of Trinity church,
Saco, where lie was highly esteemed. He
was f.l years old.
l'he Cumberland Association met with the
India Street Universalist church in Portland
nn Thursday and Friday. The occasional
sermon was preached by Rev. J. C. Snow of
Westbrook Seminary.
A revival interest is reported in the vicinity
of the Shaw school house, Minot, under the
labors of ltev. X. \V. Plummer.
The Baptist Fair last week in Machias was
a success. Tho net proceeds of over 8100
goes to help pay the expenses of building
their church.
At the annual meeting of the Gardiner Y.
M. C. Association for the choice of officers
last Monday evening, the following were
chosen: President, J. M. I.arrabee; Vice
Presidents, A. Baker, S8E. Johnson, X. VV.
Cross, John E. Itrann, Chas. K. Parsons and
Win. Whitney; Corresponding Secretary. I.
A. Stanwood; Recording Secretary and Li
brarian. I. S. Mitchell; Collector anil Treas
Robert Douglass Directors, James Williams,
J. C. Ayer, ('has. Bridge, liobert Douglass
ami D. Larrabee.
Rev. A. D. Wheeler, D. D., celebrated his
sixty-eighth birth-day at his residence in Tops
liam, last Wednesday evening. There was a
gathering of friends and neighbors who con
gratulated him on his long lile of success and
continued good health. It was a pleasant oc
casion.
The Sunday School connected with the
Cni versa list Society at Mechanic Falls num
bers 178.
The new Baptist church in Harrison is to
be dedicated on Christmas day.
The Young Men's Progressive Christian
Union in Lewiston is again opening a gratui
tous evening school for such children as are
obliged to work in the mills during the day.
The Rev.B. F. Shaw of Waterville, has
declined for the present to accept the unani
mous and earnest call of the First Baptist
church and society of this city to become
their pastor, as he is reluctant to leave the
church at Dexter where he is now laboring.
The Augusta society, however, are not alto
gether without hnpe that he may possibly de
cide to come during the next summer.
A Sunday School Institute was holJen for
Oxford county, at Norway village (Congrega
tional church,) Tuesday and Wednesday of
this week. Hev. Messrs. CousenY of Ilal
lowell and Woodbury of Skowhegan were
present as instructors, affording available aid
to teachers in the departments of bible his
tory and geography, Sunday School work, as
also bible truth. An increasing interest in
the matter of the Institutes is manifest in va
rious parts of the State. The Institute for
Franklin county occurs at New Sharon, Jan.
2d and 3d. For Cumberland county at North
Yarmouth Jan. 23d and 24th.
UOLIDlY GOODS.
Before buying your faiend a Christmas pres
ent call at Partridge’s drug store and see the
splendid assortment of fancy and toilet goods
and numberless other articles of use and orna
ment, freshly purchased for the holiday trade.
These attractive goods are offered at very
low prices, and when holiday gifts are desir
able that are not too expensive, yet novel sea
able, ami attractive, I believe I can supply
them. Ciia’s K. Partridge.
Fri-Wed-&Sat.
The sales of the Wheeler Wilson are im
mense this week.
A large stock of neck-tics just received by
S. AV. Huntington Co. f3t
The agent for the Wheeler ami Wilson
sewing machine informs us that quite a num
ber of his machines sold for Christmas pres
ents, are to be delivered Monday (Christmas)
morning; and those who intend purchasing
this machine for a Christmas present and do
not have time to attend to it until Saturday
evening or Monday morning, can hare them
delivered to suit their own time.
Those who wish to purchase presents for
their gentlemen friends should call and ex
amine the large stock of furnishing goods for
sale at the stores of S. W. Huntington Co.
in Augusta and Gardiner. +3t
How unnecessary the anguish many per
sons undergo from rheumatism, gout, neural
gia, toothache, and earache! We say un
necessary because the application of Mexican
Mustang Liniment to the affected part, or a
few drops of it in the ear or tooth, affords in
•tantnneous, and what is better, permanent
relief. For cuts, wounds,-bruises, swellings,
and all injuries or diseases which require
treatment externally, this liniment is every
where regarded as the most potent and relia
ble healing agent in existence. For all ex
ternal injuries or ailments of horses and cat
tle, it is infallible. dec23f&weod.
Til* Great Pictorial Annnal.
ITostetter’s United States Almanac for 1X73, for
distribution, gratii, throughout tne United States,
and all civilized countries ot the Western Heinis
place, is now published and ready lor delivery,
in the English, German, French, Norwegian,
Welsh, Swedish, Holland, Bohemian and Spanish
languages, and all who wish to understand the true
pliilo6ophy'of health should read and ponder the
valuable suggestions it contains. In addition to an
admirable medical treatise on the causes, preven
tion and cure of a great variety or diseases, it
embraces a large amount of information interest
ing to the merchant, the mechanic, the miner, the
farmer, the planter, and professional man; and the
calculations have been made lor such meridians
and latitudes as arc most suitable Tor a correct and
Comprehensive National Calendar.
The nature, use*, and extiaordinarv sanitary
effect* or Hosteller's Stomacb Bitters, the staple
tonic and alterative of more than half the Chris
tiau world, are luliv set forth in its pages, which
are also interspersed with pictorial illustrations,
valuable receius lor the household and farm, hu
morous anecdotes, anil other instructive and
amusing reading matter, original and selected.
Among the Annuals to appear w ilh the opening of
the year, this will be one of the most useful, aud
map be htul for the asking The proprl tors. Messrs
Hostetler A Smith, Pittsburg, Pa on receipt of a
two cent stamp, w ill forward a copy bv mail to
any person who cannot procure one In bis neigh
borhood. The Bitters are sold in every city, town
and village, and are extensively used throughout
the entire world._dec23-*Aweod
Charm Directory.
ORTHODOX CONGREGATIONAL—Granite CD.
State st., betweeu Bridge and Oak streets. No
pastor. Morning service Ht.ttO A. M Evening
preaching service at 7 o'clock P. M. Preaching
to-morrow by Prof. W. M. Barbour of Bangor.
FIRnT BAPTfST,—Corner Winthrop and Perham
sis. .1 Ricker, pastor; residence ‘JO Oak street
Morning aervine 10.30 A. M. Afternoon 2.30 P.
M. Evening 7 P. M. Preaching to-morrow by
the pustor.
FREE BAPTIST—State street, north of Bridge.
C. F. Penney, pastor; residence Summer street.
Morning service 1U..30 A. M. Afternoon 2.30 I’.
M. Evening 7 I*. M. 1’rcachmg to-morrow bv
t he pastor.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL.—Green-street, east ol
State. E. Martin, pastor; residence at the par
sonage. next door to tile church. Morning scr
viee 10.30 A. M Afternoon 2.30 P. M. Evening
7 P.M. Preaching to-morrow by the pastor.
PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL,—State si., between
Oak and Winthrop. Rev. Sir. Upjohn, rector.
Morning service 10.30 A. M. Evening service 7 P.
M. Preaching to morrow bv the rector.
UN I v EltSA LIsT,—Cor. Winthrop and Summer sts,
C. It. Moor, pastor; residence Winthrop street,
below Orchard. Morning service 10.30 A. M.
Sabbath School service at 12 A. M. Preaching
to-morrow by the pastor.
UNITARIAN—Corner Oak and State sts. No
pastor. No preaching to-morrow
CATHOLIC,—state st., north of Bridge. Itev. Mr.
O'Brien, priest; residence near the church—
Preaching tomorrow bv the priest.
Diro.
In Farmington. 12th inst.. Marev l*ratt. widow of
tho late Daniel Tuck, aged s!>>years. 8 mouths.
In Big Rock, Iowa, 7th uIt.. Reuben Hardy, for
merly of 1‘hilliiis, Me., aged 70 years.
Goods Sold Regardless of Cost.
J
m

g
53



w
s
3
Having purchased the eutire stork of
HATS, CAPS,
LADIES’ AND CHILDREN’S
Furs* Robes*
—AND
Gents' Furnishing Goods,
Of the late
S. Ilatliaway,
Deceased, we shall offer the same at re
tail for the next
CIO DAYS,
Regardless of Cost,
To close out the stock.
Parties in want of the above goods
should not fail to improve this GREAT
CLOSING SALE, to buy goods at about
their own price,
AT OUR STORE,
Opposite the Post Office,
Will be found the Largest, Most Desirable
and Varied Assortment of the above goods
to he found on the Kennebec.
W heeler Bros.,
dec23-tlwlmw (URDI1ER.
MERRY CHRISTMAS
-AND
Happy New Years.
Goods Adapted to the Season
Headquarters of Santa Claus.
Roberts,
Water St., Halloweil,
Has a complete stock of Ladles and Gents’ Goods,
specially adapted to the gill season, to which he in
vites attention. One of the
Largest
AND BEST LOTS
Ixx tlie City.
<lec 19-riw
BY TELEGRAPH
-TO TIIE
Daily Kennebec Journal,
New* from New York.
Xew York, 22. Gen. Sickles expects to
return to Spain in a month or six weeks. He
says that he brought important matter for the
State department touching Spain and Cuba,
though he has advised the foreign opponents
of the King to make a united effort for jus
tice. He will not take a prominent part
therein. The General will probably be ten
dered a public reception.
The assignments of Supreme Court Judges
for 1872 were made to-day.
The receiver of the Ocean Bank places the
value of tjie collaterals deposited by Bank
Examiner Callender at from $70,000 to $80,
000.
William Brown one of the counterfeiters
who escaped from the I.udlow street jail
some weeks ago has been arrested at Free
port, Illinois. He will be brought here and
put on the stand in the miner case when im
portant revelations are expected.
Charles Burseh has again been arrested
for attempting to make love to Miss Nilsson.
The cold has seriously abated but the docks
are filled with floating ice and thero is snow
and hail to-night.
The house of Henry B. Kirk at Morrisania
was burned to-day. Loss $32,000; insured
for $21,500, including $5000 in the Manu
factures of Boston; $5000 in the Harford;
and $3500 in the jEtna.
The Grand Jury adjourned until Tuesday
without presenting new indictments.
Humors continue that important arresis
will be made.
An attachment against the property of H.
I). Connolly has been issued by Pairick Car
roll, late Superintendent of Markets to re
cover $14,000, alleged to have been paid for
groceries, provisions, &c., for Connolly.
An investigation will bo made into the af
fairs of the former clerks of Washington mar
ket to ascertain what was done with the large
sums collected from the occupants of the
stands and side walks on Veazy street. Some
of them pay from Sll’OO to 815<X> annually,
but it is alleged that not a dollar has gone
into the city treasury.
Comptroller Green will issue no more
bonds before January 1st.
At a meeting of the Directors of the New
York City Central Underground Iiailroad
Company to-day, it was determined to open
stock subscription books early in January.
The company report estimates the cost of the
line from City Hall to Harlem, at one mil
lion six hundred and twenty-five thousand
three hundred dollars. It is proposed to fin
ish the work in a little over two years. The
estimated revenue of the line is seven mil
lion two hundred thousand dollars. The
form of the tunnel will be double archway
similar to the Thames tunnel of London.
Bonds to be issued will be secured by a mort
gage to the amount of thirty five million dol
lars.
Comptroller Green publishes an official
statement of the city and county debt at the
close of business on the 6th inst. The total
was $95,493,786; cash in city and county
treasury. 8*1,959.919. In addition to the above
debt claims have been presented on unsettled
accounts amounting to about 86,000,(X). It
is known that a large amount of claims will
yet come in for services rendered and mate
rial furnished the several departments of the
city and county governments during the pres
ent year, which cannot for want of definite
information now he accurately settled. Claims
to a considerable amount for previous years
are also likely to be presented.
In conversation with a Times reporter this
evening, Gen. Sickles stated that his visit
had no political significance. The relations
between American govenment and Spain
were of a cordial character, and no possi
bility of rupture existed. The war for the
suppression of the Cuban rebellion was ex
ceedingly popular w ith the Spanish people.
Gen. Sickles stated that the report that he
had intended to act as agent for the English
stockholder was altogether without founda
t on.
There was a lively discusion ai the liberal
club to-night over a motion to suspend the
rules by which elections were made by ballot
in favor of the lady candidate, Miss Olivia
Bates of Brooklyn, said to be connected with
the press. Some were lor adhering to the
practice of exdud ng ladies, and others for
freely admitting people without distinction
to sex or class. The motion was carried
after a stormy discussion, there being hut
four negative votes. The lady by ennstitu
tian of the club was not admitted.'
The Hornet Troubles Considered Settled.
Jackmel, Dec. 8. The case of the Hornet
is considered settled. The Spanish frigate
Syaragossa remained two days eft’ I’ort-au
l’rincc without communicating with the
shore. The commander then sent a despatch
to the government asking if the Spanish
Consul enjoyed the same guardance as here
tofore. The government replied in the af
firmative anti the Consul reoccupied his post.
The commander ot the Syaragossa asked for
the removal of some pieces of machinery
from the Hornet rendering her unfit for sea,
hut the government refused and the Syara
gossa sailed for Santiago-de-Cuba, whence
she has since arrived. It is stated that the
Spanish vessels -.will remain at I’ort-au-l’rince
till the Hornet question is settled by the
Washington and Madrid governments.
rires.
Philadelphia, Pa., 22. The whiting works
of John Petit Co., on New Market street,
were burned this morning. Loss in stock
and machinery 8-5,000: insured for 810,000.
The building was insured for 86,000.
Terre Haute, Ind._ 22. The car contain
ing the mails, express matter and baggage,
was burned to-day between Terre Haute anil
Indianapolis.
The Weather.
War Department, I
Office of the Chief Sionai. Officf.r.
Washington, Dec. 22.—7 P. M. J
Probabilities.
Increasing easterly winds with a rising
tempersture are probable for Saturday
throughout the Atlantic States, the snow be
ing followed by rain in the Middle States.
An area of low barometer passing northwest
ward on Saturday, about Missouri and Indi
ana, with shoutherly winds and rain in the
Cult States and the Ohio valley. Continued
easterly winds and rain are probable, with
snow tor the lakes. Dangerous winds are
not anticipated for the Atlantic coast.
News Prom California.
San Francisco, 22. The rains are heavy
throughout the State. The telegraph lines
are down in all directions and no railroad
trains are running There are floods in many
localities and in the lower part of San Jose
many houses have been washed away. At
Sacramento the American river is rising
rapidly, l’udah creek rose 20 feet in 16
hours. The average rain that lias fallen in
the Stale is already greater than last year.
At San Frnnci-co the fall of ruin Sunday eve
liing was 774-100 inches.
Aaron A. Sargent was elected United
Slates Senator by a joint convention of Leg
islature to-day, over Wallace democrat, 172
to 42.
Nan Domingo.
San Domingo, 12. Baez has returned to
the capital. Engagements had occurred be
tween Baez’s troops and the revolutionists.
C'abral was beaten at Nieia, and compelled to
abandon the place hastily. His loss in men
i and ammunition was heavy. Pimentel rout
them. Baez’s forces were at Santa Juan.
News From Washington.
Washington, 22. I.ater advices from the
agents and army officers in charge of Apache
Indians on the reservation in New Mexico,
state that roving Apaches come in large num
hers. They are now reported at Camp
Grant, Arizona, 700; at Camp Verd, Arizona,
700; and at Camp McDowell, Arizonn, 100.
EUROPEAN NEWS.
London, 22. A notice has been issued
from the American legation, that it is desira
ble that all citizens of the United States in
tending to travel on the continent, should
provide themselves with passports.
Tuesday after Christmas will he observed
as a holiday.
The small pox prevails in an alarming extent
in Burninghani. Special hospitals will be es
tablished, the sick quarantined and other pre
cautionary measures taken.
Paris, 22. Count liemusat lias made rep
resentations signed by Veuesta, Italian Min
ister of foreign affairs, complaining of the
tone of King Victor Emanuel's reply to the
request of the French government lor the re
call of Chevalier Nigra from Paris.
Vienna. 22. It is reported on creditable
authority that the coming budget will show a
surplus of $21,000,000 in the receipts over
the expenditures for the year, instead of a de
ficit as anticipated.
Rome, 22. The army budget passed the
Committee on the Budget, the Minister of
War White, maintaining that the military
establishment should be fully provided for, and
declared that there was no reason to fear ag
gression on the part of France, for an ag
gressive policy was opposed to her interests,
there was danger of war. The nation should
always be prepared for the evil.
The Senate lias adjourned over the holi
days.
The Hague, 22. The Roman Catholic
Bishops of this country have united in a me
morial to the King not to discontinue the
Dutch legation at the Vatican.
Paris, 22. The initiative committee of the
Assembly has rejected proposition for a re
turn to Paris.
The Assembly to-day commenced the de
bate on tlie report of the committee favoring
the imposition of a tax on incomes, except
those arising from the rentes and land. The
members of the left support the tax while
those of the right and President Thiers op
pose it.
The despatch from Prince Bismarck to
Baron Von Armien excites the French press
to renewed bitterness against Germany. The
tone of the journals generally is well ex
pressed by the following extract from one of
them, which says: “The silence of the
vanquished is the only fit reply to the insults
of victors. A river of blood has divided us.
We learn to suffer and to wait.”
Telegraph Mews in General.
Liverpool, 22. Arrived ship O. Southard
from Charleston.
Portsmouth, N. II., 22. Charles B. Gaf
nry of Rochester has been appointed chief
accountant at the navy yard, at a salary of
91800.
Concord, X. IL, 22. The contract for the
labor of the convicts in the State Prison was
awarded by the committee this afternoon to
Geo. T. Comis the present contractor, who
pays 95 cents for each man per day. The con
tract runs five years from the 1st of August
next. There are now about 95 men in prison
able to work.
Portland, 22. The steamer Nova Scotian,
Capt. Richardson, from Liverpool the 5th
inst., via Halifax arrived at eight this eve
ning.
Lewiston, Me., 22. The mercury sank to
I t degrees below zero last night, and at 4 P.
il., the weather was 26 degrees warmer.
Toronto, 22. Premiea Blake to-day en
tered into an explanation of Ministerial poli
cy. He contended that the Provincial Gov
ernments should take a position of neutrality
in regard to the dominion government. There
should be the utmost Parliamentary control
over public funds and public institution.
More stringent laws to secure the indepen
dence of Parliament will be introduced. A
bill to secure the extension of the franchise
will be brought down.
St. Thomas. Hi. Steamer International
from England, lias gone to Jainacia to lay
the new Aspinwall cable.
The U. S. steamer Shammut has arrived
from Santana to recruit her crew.
Steamer Florida, after having detached her
screw, started under sail for New York on
the 14th. The Spanish man-of-war Viseo
Nunez overhauled tier and examined her
papers, which were found correct, nrui she
proceeded.
Twelve days quarantine has been estab
lished upon vessils from New York. '1 lie
steamer Alpha from Halifax, refused to sub
mit to quarantine and left without landing
her cargo.
Caraccas, Dec. 8. The affairs in Vene
zuela are unchanged. Blanco with 400 men
is in the interior, operating against the re vo
lutionists.
Curacoa, Nov. 24. Great excitement is
caused by the arrest of the Attorney-General
by order of the government. The arrest
caused a popular demonstration. The troops
fired upon the crowd, killing 1 and wounding
19. The action of the government causes much
dissatisfation. The trouble arose from per
sonal enmity between the Attorney-General
and the Governor.
Chicago, 22. Alexis will be here on the
80th, and remain till January 2d, then goto
Milwaukee.
Little Rock, Ark., 22. The Governor is
waiting for the report of the Adjutant General
before acting in regard to the Chicat county
troubles.
Memphis, Tenn., 22 Frank Mace (color
ed) was hung in Grecnada, Miss., to-day, for
tlie murder of his wife by ratsbane lust April.
Richmond, Va., 22. The Legislature has
passed tlie resolution suspending the payment
of interest on the State debt, due the first of
January, pending tlie consideration, and ad
journed tilt January 2.
FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL
New York Money Market.
New York. December 22.
Gold closed at 108,v
United Stares Sixes (coupons), 1881 117 V 9
44 5-20V 1862, 109*
1604, 109V 4
44 1865, 1»1 V4
4 1866, .fan. A July, U.'JV <1
4 4 4 1*07,
iwv ii5 a
44 4 lO^s.tooupons) 109 Vs
Paciil sixes, 103 4 I
Ccntr Paciilcb 91V 4
Cmo 44 4
New York Stork Market.
Vow York, December, 22.
Mariposa dopld., Canton Co 09 Cum
berluud Co. 40 Western Union Tel Co Os1,
Quicksilver Mining Co„ X.'*V Pacific Mail. 53V
lto'tou Water Power. 40 Adams Ex. Co. 691*;
NY oils. Fargo A Co., MV: American Merchants Ua
59V; lT. Kx. Co., 68 N Y. Central A Hudson
River, 93 V do. scrip. 88 Erie, 32V do. pid. 64
Harlem, 118X; do. pfd 125 Heading. 110}, Mich.
Central, 118 Lake Shore and Michigan southern
Jiji v!'nols Central 130 {Cleveland A Pittsburg,
Chicago a North Western. «3* do. pfd 89
Chicago A Hock Island. 104* Mil. A St. Paul fiSJf;
do. pld., 77X; Toledo, Wabash A Western, (»7x;
do. pfd 82 Pittsburg A Fort Wayne, 90 Terre
Haute, IB do. pfd 49; Alton, 11B do, pfd 119
Ohio A Miss., 431; ;Boston, Hartford A Erie, 2\
New York Produce Market.
N«w Yon*, December, 22.
COTTON—sales 295 bales: mid. nnlands20.',.
FLOUH—4-iObu; stale 550® 7u0; round hoop unio
03.13730 western 5 00*7 ;15 southern 050*9 25
WHEAT 7U00bu;.No. 2 spring 147 154 new
fo 2 do .winter red and amber western 15« *109
COHN— 91000 new mixed western 7uxg7s
OATS—sales WOiM); western 51 ®56
Poke— new mess, *14.75. old, 1S*7
13 02 prime,
CARD 8X4 «X Steam; ;kettle, 10X.
BUTTER—West’ll. 11*23; state, 23*31,
WHISKEY Westernfree, 90
KICK—Caro.mu, 8X #9
SCO AH— Porto Kieo, 4 Muscovado, 9 ®9X
Chicago Produce Mnrket.
Chicago, December 22.
FLOUR—spring extras
WHEAT—No. 3. 121X 9
CORN—401.
OATS— 12 for No, 2
RYE—No 2.I.2X
BARLEY—01 lor No. 2.
MESS PORK— 13 00
LAKU 8?j.
LIVE HOGS—185.
RECEIPTS— 3uou Hour, 20.000 wheat 100,000 corn
33.000 oat', loon barley, 1,000 hogs.
SHIPMENTS—3000 liour, 1(1,000 corn 8000 oats
2000 barley 3b,uo bogs.
Cincinnati Produce Market
Cincinnati, December 22.
MESS POEK-13 75
LAKU 8\.
BU LK MEATS—sides 8).
BALON—shoulder, OR clearrtbs; sides 7R;
WHISKEY-90
STATU NEWS.
'Die Press says it is rumored that a bond
purporting to have been issued hy the town
of Cape Elizabeth lor 81OOO, numbered 11,
was taken up hy the Treasurer a few weeks
since, and that on examination hy the Select
men it was found that only ten bonds were
issued in that series.
A railroad meeting was held in Belfast on
Thursday for consultation between parties
interested in a through shore line connecting
Bangor and Portland. The parties present
were the President and Directors of the Knox
and Lincoln Company; President and Di
rectors of Penobscot Bay and River Com
pany, and Arad Thompson and M. S. Drum
mond of Bangor, a committee from the Eu
ropean and North American Railway Com
pany. The meeting was of a private nature.
Mr. John Q. Lander, formerly of Bangor,
while taking care of a young colt in his sta
ble at Dover, on Tuesday last, was kicked
by tlie animal in the face and chest, and se
verely injured.
The Times learns that Mr. David H. Clark,
one of the carpenters on Messrs. E. A.
Sewali’s ship in Bath met with quite a seri
ous accident on Wednesday. He was at work
on a staging when another man who was on
a staging over him slipped and let fail a wind
lass iron, weighing about forty pounds, which
struck Clark on the head fracturing the skull
and rendering hint insensible.
We have seen a specimen of the slate late
ly found in Islesboro’. It has but little re
semblance to the Brownfield slate or that at
Burnham. It is a kind of slate rock, and we
jngde would prove of but little value as slate.
Possibly, however, hy sinking a shaft better
specimens may be discovered. The state
ment that persons, in this city have become
interested in it is erroneous. A Thomaston
man lias made a conditional bargain for it
and proposed to open it to ascertain its qual
ity.— [Belfast Age.
The Skowltegan Reporter says that James
Lewis run all the fingers of one hand into the
dough roller in Janies Harmon's bakery on
Wednesday and crushed them very badly.
Patents issued the past week
Wm. Hammond Brown, Bangor; Baggage
Truck,
R. Leach, Bangor; Rotary Engine.
Erasmus P. Doyen, Portland; Steam Rad
iator.
Patrick Kellehen, James C. Kundlctt,
Bangor Mocasin Boot and Shoe.
Under date of Dec. 26llt, 1871, 220 patents
will be issued. During the week ending!
Dec. 18,304 applications lor patents and 44
caveats were filed.
The following changes in Maine post-of
fices have been made, viz: William J. Emer
son appointed Post-master nt Bowdoin Ceu
tre, vice David A. Coombs, resigned; Satn
uel Hr Wing at North Turner Bridge, vice
Albert Baker, resigned, and Jason Wood
man at North Leeds, vice T. G. Foss, reJ
moved
It speaks well for the Principal and teach
ers ot tlie Normal School in this place that
their pupils are sought after as teachers in
all parts of the State. Although the present
term does not close until tlie 12th of January,
Prof Rounds has consented to have the grad
uation exercises of the first class take place
on Thursday, Dec 28th, as four young la
dieif ot the class have been engaged to teach
in Calais, commencing Jan. 3d. Nineteen
graduates of this school have taught in Calais
w ithin the past thirty months, all of them
proving excellent t> achers and giving good
satisfaction—of course, or the educators of
that city wouldn't want four more. We think
l’tof. Rounds has reason to feel proud of the
success which has attended his labors as
l’rincipul of the Western State Normal
School.—[Farmington Chronicle.
The Bangor Whig says that George D.
Stowe and Benjamin F. Terry of Boston,
were arraigned in the Bangor Police Court,
Thursday forenoon, charged with obtaining
twenty thousond dollars from Joseph W.
Pollard, of Oldtown, under false pretences.
The warrant alleges that they pretended to
he doing a large business in silk and other
goods in Boston, and tiius deceived him into
letting litem have money until the above
named sum was reached. No examination
was held Thursday, and tlie case was con
tinued to next Tuesday, each of the respond
cuts being ordered to furnish 810,000 bail for
his appearance at that time. Stowe found
sureties, but Terry was committed. The
ease excites most interest.
E. F. l’illsbury, Esq., of Augusta, de
livered his lecture upon “Labor” at Town
Hall, Dexter, last Tuesday evening.
The Rockland Free Press says that Mr.
Silas Kalloch, the faithful driver of the East
ern Express in that city, was thrown from j
his wagon Saturday evening nt the railroad
depot, and suffered a broken shoulder and
serious bruises about his head. Many friends
will sincerely regret this accident to Mr.
Kalloch, who, though well advanced in years,
has retained the jubilant spirit of a hoy, and
up to this time has been an active and useful
citizen.
NEWS BY MAIL.
An imperial ukase issued in St. Petersburg
makes a compulsory use of the Russian lan
guage in the schools of Poland.
The Swiss federal council has passed a bill
abolishing the military penal code and pro
hibiting future corporeal punishment in the
army by flogging or otherwise.
Owing to the refusal of the liritish claims
against Uruguay, the British charge d'alfairs
has withdrawn from Montevideo and Buenos
Ayres, awaiting instructions from London. I
Raids were made upon nearly a dozen1
gambling houses in Richmond, Va., on Wed
nesday night, by the police. All imple- j
menu were seized and a large number of
people arrested.
An old lady of seventy is tho chaplain of
the Kansas State Prison.
The favorite colors for street costumes this
season are plnm or dahlia color, or the rich
cypress or olive greens.
Nearly all the telegraph offices in England
are in charge of women. Female labor has
found this a new and profitable field.
“Get your sweetheart a new set of teeth as
a Christmas present,” is the invitation of an
advertising dentist.
A Western paper mentions “twenty cords
of dressed hogs” as a portion of the contents
of a warehouse in Minnesota.
Four of the United States Senators—Ames,
Clayton. Osborn and Spencer—are under for
ty. Three, Davis, Cameron and Vickers—
are upwards of seventy.
California is said to have thirty millions of
grape vines growing. One man has counted
them, and is tnereiore able to give the exact
number.
The Christian Register truly ssys that some
of the most illustrious examples of Christian
piety and morality which the church has af
forded will be found among the Quakers.
An old lady of Columbiana, Alabama, sev
enty-three years old, recently gave birth to a
healthy child. She is the mother of several
children, the youngest before this one being
thirty-two years old.
Despatches from Tucson, Arizona, are to
the effect that one hundred and eight men, in
cluding seventy Indians, have pleaded “Not
guilty” to indictments charging them with be
ing implicated in the Camp Grant Apache
massacre. They will be tried immediately.
Two persons were fatally and fifteen seri
ously injured by a mail train, near West
Newton, Pa., on the Connellsville Railway,
running off the track. The express car went
into the river.
A special meeting of the Methodist preach
ers of Boston and vicinity was held at Wes
leyan Hall Thursday forenoon, for the pur
pose of considering suitable action relative
to the death of Bishop Baker.
The residence of Judge Murdock, near
Granville, Iowa, was burned on Wednesday.
An old lady, aged over ninety years, was
rescued front the building; but unobserved
by any one, returned to save her money and
perished in the flames.
The Virginia legislature has Anally passed
the resolution staying the funding of the
State debt, and it has now gone to the gov
ernor for approval.
A transport from Spain with one thousand
soldiers, has arrived at Havana. It is stated
that Senor Roberts, ex-governor of Havana,
embarked on the 16th inst., for Cadiz.
Professor Hart, who has returned from a
scientific exploration of the valley of the
Amazon, considers the theory of the glacial
origin of that valley, as advanced by Prof.
Agassiz, to be pounded on error. Mr. Hart
is unable to discover any glacial deposits in
the Amazon valley.
Letters from South America state that the
earthquake at the town of Oran lasted nine
hours, with forty different shocks. Streets
were split open and every house tumbled
into ruins. Only one death occurred. The
earthquake was felt throughout the province
uf Jujuy, and a volcano burst forth, leading
!o the belief that there were further subter
ranean movements along \he line of the
Andes.
In the United States Senate Thursday, Mr.
Sumner introduced his resolution amending
the Constitution to make the President in
fligible for re-election, the amendment not to
lake effect until after March 4, 1872. It went
ivor. A resolution asking for information
relative to the lease of Sitmana Bay was
adopted. A hill was introduced concerning
proposals and contracts for the transporta
tion of mails. The Supplementary civil
rights bill was debated at length, but no ac
tion was taken upon it. In the House the
4ay was spent in general debate upon the
state of the country. Both houses adjourned
until January 8.
The Boston Journal of Friday says Fol
lowing upon the general order of the Police
Commissioners against the liquor dealers be
ing let off with fines only, a number of per
sons were arraigned in the Municipal Court
yesterday for keeping intoxicating liquors for
sale. Among them wera the proprietors of
the American, Revere, Tremont, Parker’s
»nd Sherman Houses and Young’s Hotel.
They were complained of for “first offences,”
and were fined 810 and costs each and put
under 81000 bonds not to violate the law
igain.
The Hon. Alvah Crocker of Fitchburg,
Mass was Wednesday nominated by a con
vention held in Greenfield, lor representa
tive from the ninth congressional district, to
succeed the Hon. William B Washburn.
New Store
NEW GOODS!
Kaler Brothers.
I1 HE Messrs. Kaler Brothers of this city have just
returned from Boston with u New and Elegant
Mock of Dry and Fancy Goods, which they are of
fering at exceedingly low prices.
New and Elegant Shades or
DRESS GOODS
In Great Variety I
A SPLENDID ASSORTMENT OK
Lyons Poplins, all Colors, Thibets,
Cashmeres, Empress Cloths, Ottoman
Cloths, French Poplins, Irish Poplins,
til wool Serges, Sateens, (Cloth Shades)
"Drab de dames," Elegant Styles,
All Wool Plaids, Sootch Plaids, Black
Silks, Colored Silks, All W ool Bepps,
Brillantines, &c„ &c.
The above goo<]ft as well as their whole stock they
ire offering at BOSTON' PKIl ES.
Black Goods!
Comprising the latest Styles in Alpaceas. Rrillna
lines, Mohairs, Mohair-AIuaccas, Cretones, Cash*
Meres, 1‘oplats, Alpiues, Baratheas, Barretts, Ac.
Cashmere Shawls, Some Ele.
gant Styles,
Hay State Shawls!
Shawls of all makes aud styles at low figures.
WOOIiENH
Of all tirades, Styles and Priees.
FLANNELS, LINEN DAMASK.
SUEETINU, ALL WOOL BLANKETS,
DOMESTIC GOODS
Of all kiuds, aud at prices that cannot fail to satisfy.
Fancy Goods, a Complete Stock
Ladies’ and Gents’ Underwear.
EXAMINE THE STOCK AND PRICES.
No charge for Cuffing Cloaks or Water Proofs.
WOOLENS, CL0AK8, CLOAKINGS, AC.
Cloaks Cut and Made to Order.
WOOI.KX f.OODM of all description selling
VEHl' LOW by the yard or piece.
Flannels of all Kinds.
White Goods, Embroideries, Linens, Trimmings,
Hosiery, Glares, Ac., Ac.
Remember tbe Place.
1*3 Water St., Augusta.
declS-ttf Opposite Cony House.