iribtme.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1871.
The Cmcxoo Tninot has opened ita offices at
Ko. 15 South Canal street. West Division, and the
paper will hereafter be regularly issued from that
place UU farther notice.
THE ENFORCEMENT OP DEBTS.
There is an impression prevailing
among many persons that our peo
ple are to suffer the rigors of a per
secution of debtors, with all the
concomitants of enforced payments
by foreclosure of mortgages, trust
sales, proceedings in bankruptcy
and forfeiture of collaterals. Ko
apprehension of this kind need be
entertained. The insurance com
panies will do much better than was
anticipated. The calamity that has
fallen upon the city has become a
public one. The whole nation sym
pathizes with us, and is nobly offer
ing to bear a part of our loss. The
capitalists of Connecticut have
bravely offered to sacrifice their cap
ital invested in insurance, and look
to the nation at large to repay them
in increased premiums. Capitalists
in other States are doing the same.
No creditor will have any sympathy
from the public in his
pound of flesh. Time will be given
for the most liberal arrangements.
Our commercial honor must be sus
tained, and we shall have the for
bearing aid of our creditors. Even
should there he any attempt to pro
ceed rigorously against the property
that has been saved, it will be im
possible to succeed in it. Each in
dividual loss is but an item of the
whole, and must be treated as sucb^
"We have no courts in operation.
When they do resume it will he to
deal with a vast national calamity,
and not with the particular claim of
each creditor against each debtor.
Public calamities call for different
treatment. The courts will find
their dockets clogged with the busi
ness of the past, without records,
and vast interests involved in the
long and slow process of litigation,
without any beginning place, and
without a single original paper.
Kew suits must take their turn, and
must await some general policy.
Until time has been afforded for all
this, until the public disaster has
been remedied sufficiently to enable
the courts to proceed understand
ingly, all new private demands must
■be postponed. There can be no
snap judgments, no cut-throat en
forcements, no foreclosures, no hur
ried executions of trusts. The
courts will not permit, nor will pub
lic opinion tolerate any such action.
Our people will pay what they owe,
but there will be ample time for so
doing, and the most liberal terras
will be extended to ali honest men
and firms. No citizen need expect I
that he will be harassed, nor have
the little he has left taken from him.
No man need apprehend that his
homestead or his other property u ill
be swept away from him by legal
proceeding. "We are all debtors
as well as creditors, and we arc all
in that condition where we may ask
in the words of the Divine petition
for that forgiving spirit to he shown
unto us thnfr«jrergth- nv
Should any, howev•• .tfllr: vrt z'kd u
demand payment n j hng to the
letter of the bond, t.*-
interpose such cquii■ deln;-• as
will prevent the font* ce
from being abnsed for tb» purposes
of persecution or extennij;..ti on.
OUR BRETHREN OF THE
Our most grateful thank? are r
turned to the Cincinnati Com:.
for sending to us, without v;..
for orders, a complete font of tyo
distributed in cases to the St /.oa.s
Democrat for sending us in like r
manner sixty-five bundles of paper;
to the Cincinnati Gazette Enqui
rer for offering us everything that
we need and can find transportation
for; to the Aurora Beacon for its
prompt offer to print our newspaper
on its steam press; to the Dubuque
papers for similar offers. In every
quarter we have met from our breth
ren of the press a spirit of liberality
and kindness equalled only by the
munificent charity which has flowed
in to the suffering people of Chicago
from all quarters of this blessed
land. God he praised for such lov
ing hearts
We have two of Hoe’s eight-cyl
inder presses in the basement of the
Tribune building, one of which is
unharmed, and the other only slight
ly injured. The fire-proof build
ing. which itself resisted ev
crvthing except smelting furnace
heat, has saved thesfe now priceless
articles of machinery. It will he
some time before we can get the
•walls so secured that at will he safe
to commence work in our old quar
ters, hut our brethren of the press,
and the public, maybe assured that
no time will be wasted in getting to
work again on the corner of Dear
born and Madison.
CHICAGO RELIEF SOCIETF.
The Detroit Committee of Relief
for the Chicago sufferers, after care
ful investigation, have selected the
Chicago Relief Society to be the dis
tributing agency of their charity.
This society is an old and well dis
ciplined organization. Do the ex-
tent of its working force it is by far
the most efficient and economical
institution that we have- for tho dis
tribution of sucli,-;aid. .We trust
tbattbe coming contributions will
be to a large extent placed in. the
hands of this society.
REBUILD THE CITY.
All is not lost. Though four hun
dred million dollars’ worth of prop
erty has been destroyed, Chicago
still exists. She was not a mere col
lection of stone, and bricks, and
lumber. These were but the evi
dence of the power which produced
these things; they were but the ex
ternal proof of the high courage,
unconquerable energy, strong faith,
and restless perseverance which
have built up hero a commercial
metropolis. The great natural re
sources are all in existence; the
lake, with its navies, the spacious
harbor, the vast empire of produc
tion, extending westward to the Pa
cific; the great outlet from the lakes
to the ocean, the thirty-six lines of
railways connecting the city with
every part of the continent —these,
the great arteries of trade and com
merce, all remain unimpaired, undi
minished, and all ready for immedi
ate resumption. What, therefore,
has been lost? We have lost the
accumulated profits of twenty years
of prosperous growth. We have
lost the stock in trade on hand on
the night of the fire. "We have lost
money—but we have saved life,
health, vigor, and industry. We
have a dozen grain elevators yet re
maining. We have the material on
hand with which to replace those
which we have lost. We have, with
in 36 hours’ time, the whole country
to draw upon for supplies of every
description of goods. In two weeks
from the date of the fire our mer
chants can fill almost any order for
merchandise that maybe sent them.
The credit of Chicago is saved.
When the whole country has faith,
and hope, and confidence in us, there
will be no depression in Chicago it
self. The wholesale trade of the
city can be resumed at once. Tem
porary warebonses are being erect
ed, and business resumed. Let no
trouble be borrowed from the past.
All the losses of the fire, will in time
be passed into the great clearing
bouse, and the payment of balances
will be made easy for everybody.
Rich men have become poor; the
accumulations of years have been
destroyed but no one will sit down
and waste time crying for spilled
milk. Labor will be resumed. Pro
duction will be restored, and the
general trade and commerce of the
city will at once be resumed.
Let us avail ourselves of the lib
eral spirit which the country has
shown in our calamity. There are
no relentless creditors pressing us
for payment, foreclosing mortgages,
or demanding the full measure of l
their bonds. On the contrary, the
world is asking us to take money,—
unlimited credit, and go ahead,
leaving the past to be taken care of
in the future* when Chicago shall
have resumed her power and glory.
Let the watchword henceforth be:
CHICAGO SHALL RISE AGAIN.
others.
WORK! WORK!
"While the various cities in tho
United States are contributing in the
most lavish manner, both in money
and provisions, for the relief of onr
unfortunate sufferers, it is a matter
of extreme importance that the funds
should be applied in such a manner
as to afford relief to those who really
deserve it It seems to us, in this
emergency, this may be done, in
i at least, by affording.employ
ment to as many men as possible,
«t. This will
wai iuuur.
ARRIVAL OF THE TROOPS.
Another t’.veiuV'luur hours have
passed without fi-rlbc" calamity, and
the arrival of ir»>o[is Irorn Omaha,
Champaign, BK Spring
field, and other places, *dl now under
command of Lieut. Gc l: r; d Sheri
dan, lias placed the city ot dan
ger from riot. Thu local juitr- 1 re
inforced by armed regulars and mili
tia, is abundantly able t:> tab*' c^ rG
of the city, and deal summarily with
all dangerous char:
BARRACKSFOI
No time should bf.
barracks for the poor,
meats are cheaply and speed!); _
struoted. The style and form car
be furnished by any army Quarter
master. There is lumber enough in
the city to build barracks for a mill
ion people. These structures will
serve to shelter the homeless during
the coming winter, and, fortunately,
there is time enough to build them
before cold weather sets in.
THE CHRIST-LIKE BHARITT.
The response of the people of the
United States to the appalling ca
lamity which has overtaken o’-
lias no parallel in the bister}' of the
world since Christ died for our sins.
'Wo caiinot return onr-- thanks for
theirlovingkindn'ess. -AVornn falter
on our lips. Only our
yea can' tell hdw deeply. )ve feel
iheir goodness.
BAXKEKS' MEETING
Financial Intelligence,
A mooting of bankers was held yesterday at 2
'clock at the residence of C.T. Wheelor. About
eighty were present, representing neatly every
bank In the city. Mr. W. F. CoolbangU, President
of the Union National, was called to the chair, and
Mr. Ira Holmes, President of the Manufacturers
was cleclcd Secretary. Hr. Coolbaugh addressed
the gentlemen present in a brief speech, in which
bo said that all present knew tbo object of the
meeting, which was to adopt some uniform plan o
affording the most prompt and Jndlcloua roller
to the business community, that, notwithstanding
the enormous loss of property, Chicago still holds
her commercial position, and that tho energy, in*
tcgrlty, and intelligence which made Chicago
what It was are still hero. He believed that tbo
banks generally had saved cath enough to pay
from 25 to 40 per cent of their deposits; that,
after two days of careful consideration, tho In
surance companies would pay an average of not
less than 60 percent, and that this would tro a
long way toward insuring the ultimate collection
of nearly every dollar of their liabilities.
The Chairman was then requested to name a com
mittee of four to draft resolutions for publication,
expressing the views of tbo meeting, and stating,
ns near as possible, the course tho banks should
pursue In regard to tho payment of the claims of
their depositors, and tho continuation of tho busi
ness of tie banks. _ n
The committee thus nominated wore c. i>.
Blair, Esq., President of the Merchants' National;
L.B. Sidway, Esq., of the Slats Savings Institu
tion; L. Pierce. Esq., President of tho Third
National: and Sol. A. Smith. President of
the Menmants’ Loan Trust Company. Mr. W.
F. Coolbaugh was afterwards added to tho commit
tee, and Mr. Smith was elected Chairman. After
the committee retired for consultation, they con*
eluded that they wanted further time for consldera
tion In regard to wbat they can do for their deposi
tors, and adjourned, to meet again lor that purpose
at 7 o'clock p. m.
The subject of new locations for the banks w M
brought up, and there seemed to be a general ex
nrossioD In favor of locating In tbo Sooth Division
as near to tho former business quarter as poralble’
The temporary offices already taken by the differ.
ent hanks show the probability of Wabash avenue
north of Twenty-second street, being tho roos
desirable quarters.
Tho following arc all the locations of banks ol
w hlch wo can learn definitely:
First National Bank, W4 Michigan avonne.
National Bank of Commerce, 379 Michigan are-
Union National 8ank,534 Wabash avenue.
Northwestern National Bonk, 638 Wabaah avo-
DQC.
Merchant's Loan and Trust Company, at tho roil,
dcncc of Sol. A. Bml th, 414 Wabaah a venae.
Cook County National Bank, ClB Wabash ave
nue.
Commercial National Bank, la temporarily at lh«
office of tho Prairie State Loon and Trust Company,
on West Randolph, but will soon bo removed to
some place on Wabash avenue. where they will
await thecrectlon of a building on the silo of their
old bank. Work will begin on their new budding
at once.
The Heal Estate Loan and Trust are 149*4 Twen
ty .second street,
Messrs. Cnehman, Hardin Co. at 67 Calumet
avenue.
The City National Bank is in ••Llahop Block,”
West Randolph street
The Illinois National Bank at 101 ii West Ran
duipb street
The Merchants*, Farmers' and Mechanics* Sav
ings Bank, at 04 South llalstcd street.
We have nnauthorltatlvc stat'racct through the
Cnrndlan agencies of the Liverpool, Loudon and
G'.clo Insurance Company, that their company can
and will pay at least $3,000.1X0 as soon as the
utnouut of their loss here Is adjusted. Evsrycon
tidcnce is expressed in their ability to pay even
m>>r«* thnn $3,000,000 if it should be found that
theirChicagolosses exceed that amount.
It Is reported that there was somclhlngof a panic
in railway stock in New York to-day. Below wo
uive a few of the stock quotations of yesterday,
phowieg the range of prices then, though we un
derstand all prices are much lower to-day:
Gold I*4 1-4
North-Western, common. GS
Rock Island 09 to 100
Lake Shore 98
Pacific Moll 471-5
Western Union 80
Erie 27
An agent of the Bank of Montreal is on the way
toChlcagowlth instructions to make arrangement
for the establishment of a branch hero.
Lake Shore
Pacific Mall.
Western Union.
OTJISIDE BELIEF,
THE DIAMOND JO LINE
of steam boats, on the Mississippi Hirer, trom fit.
Paul to Fallon, will bring donations of provls
loos, etc., destined for the destltnte of Chicago, to
Fnlton, free; and the GalenaDlrlulonof Ibo North
western Hallway will bring forward the same to the
proper distributing Committees in Chicago. Min*
nesota and Wisconsin may thns help the suffering
and starring people.
FROM ALLEGHENY CITY, PA.
Captain W- M. Clancy, of Allegheny City, Pa.,
in charge of a car of provisions for the relief of
the sufferers, presented a letter of Introduction to
the President of the Board of Trade, presenting
on behalf of Allegheny, a car of provisions and
the sympathy of her citizens with that of Chicago
in the dreadful calamity which has befallen her,
and assuring this one was only the beginning of a
greater end. Tho letter was signed by Charles W.
Cooper, Chairman of Executive Committee for tho
relief of Chicagoans, and la as follows:
Allegheny, Pa., 6ct. 9.
To the Chairman of the Relief Committee, CMca
go:
Sir: At a meeting of tho cltlscna here, tbU even
ing, the bearer, Mr. William M. Clancy, was duly ap
pointed to accompany a car load of provision for
tho relief of the Buffering inyonrdty at this Um«.
and by the fearful calamity which has overtaken
your people in the past day, which, we trust, will
bo Id good time to meet, at least In a small degres,
the great need which necessarily baa been occa
sioned by the said calamity. I would, Id behalf of
oar citizens In general, tender sincere and heartfelt
sympathy, and rest assured that the good work of
sending aid will not restwlih this first Instalment,
small though It baa been. Until 1 again have tbla
pleasure, I remain, dear sir, with renewed asaurant
ces ol deepest sympathy, very truly yours.
CHARLES W. COOPER.
irk, set an ex
ourage others*
task of recon
)le are full of
ust as fall of
ery man in the
las the chance,
i have an op*
30 funds as far
fing them for
Chairman Executive Committee.
FROM ST. LOUIS.
Twenty-two car loads of provisions, donated by
the citizens of St. Louis, reached this city yeator.
day morning.
—St. Louis has kindly offered the nee of her
Opera Hooie to the artists of oar city to go there
sod give benefits for the suffering. They have
also free printing, free lights, and. In fact, every
thing that is necessary will be provided gratia.
WHOM THE ODD FELLOWS OF CINCINNATI.
A car load of provisions reached the city, last
evening, from Cincinnati, the gift of the Odd Fel
lows of that city to their suffering brethren of the
craft. The provisions will be distributed to-day at
Goclhe Hail, on the comer of Milwaukee avenue
and Carpenter street.
THE TOWNSEND HOUSE.
We have been called upon by Col. Townsend, of'
the Townsend Boom, Oconomowoc, who desires
ns to state that he will receive the wives and child
r en of bis lost summer patrons free of any charge
an d entertain them. The house, which had closed
for the season, has been reopened and pot Into
first class shape for their reception.
SUPPLIES MOST NEEDED
Arc contributions of clothing bedding, and un
cooked vegetables. The topply of cooked meats
is reported to be ample. Salt meals, such as bacon.
‘>a-i ete., which will keep, will bo thankfully re
ed.
Five thousand blankets arc on the way to this
ity from St. Louis, and additional car loads of
e -oods b'.rc arrived oa follows; One car each from
t*-• ..i, Ohio; Pern, Ind.; Del! Plain. Iowa; Mar
't-il'Oivn, Iowa; Freeport, 111.; Pontiac, Mich.;
’JcsMuinrs. Iowa; Bucyma, Ohio, and three car
K-utj f.-cm Cleveland. These goods are received
ivu.e E’ccra'lve Committees at the respective
•■vho tuke charge of and distribute them as
ju*.-. rdert of the General Relief Committee.
r.’.OHIOUS PHILADELPHIA.
\V« purmlltcd to sec a message from
Coloa-.-IT. A. Scon-of Phlladelpbla to J. N. Uc-
Ctilu-pj. hi.Ltr.-il manager of the Pittsburgh, Fort
Warn- A Cnicugo Railway, the substance of
which citizens of the Quaker City had
subscribed iho uiq of SIOO,OOO within an hour,
and an nJd ,‘or. r f r.bciut $30,000 was raised by the
Commc.tlr.l Eictiing,;, Committees were ftp*
pointed to no: cl: i trihotlons, and they expected
to raise au-M.-ii i.-anJrod thousand more. They.
bave appola’c. li. «-i-«cu.:ve committee to taka
lief to those readored homeless by tho terrible lire i
lu your city. Wjf. UATEIU>. i
J Mayor of Jacksonville.
LEAVENWORTH, KAN*. I
I/:aven worth, Oct ft;—ln -addition to tho $10,003
donated by the city of Leavenworth to assist
7r alleviating the tmffcrinjja of the' Chicago people;
Relief for Our Suffering P6Qr thousand' b«n received. T iifl, tn*„o
>d thcr with the contrlbolions from tho county m o*
Til A nnmincp TTOTin pie pouring Ja, and theatrical .benefits, and
AjUiliilig, iIUUi f ro |oi i]je Board of Trade," will swell'the aggrete.e
n
fIM rOIDIS* Ualderraan has telegraphed to Mayor Mason.-if
Chicago, for lustrnctions regarding supplies, r.i
sniut meeting hold to night in tho Court lioulv,
tho citizens contributed cheerfully and llberm-v.
A committee was appointed to convey money rn.l
supplies to Chicago, and tho committee Is now
the way. 'The deepest sympathy la expressed iu
circles.
Telegraphic Despatches
and Press Com
ments.
Tho panic was not by any means confined to
Chicago. The country around, which had already
become much alarmed by the extreme drouth, tho
high winds, and the prevalence of prairie fires In
many quarters, took new terror from the first tid
ings from Chicago. Tho great fire was the topic Of
all talk aa early as II o’clock on Monday forenoon
In every railroad town In the Northwest. Even
cities and villages lying off from Iho routes which
run direct to Chicago were no exception, and the
telegraph offices were thronged ail day with peo
pie anxious to communicate with friends in Chica
go. This was Impossible, however, and so every,
body had nothlngbotter' than to wait eagerly for
each driblet of tidings that came from tho fated
city through the talking of the operators along the
line, or other fortuitous source.
A special mania of extra vigilance at once
set In la all citioe and villages throughout the
State. At JancfviUe all house fires wore atones
Interdicted In certain localities, and people went to
the bikers’ shops for supplies. Villages which
could not bout of a firo-englno began to protect
themselves by stationing barrels of water along the
streets. Superintendents of railroads sent out
vary strict orders about lights and locomotive
sparks. At one station, on (be Western Union. a
representative of THE TRIBUNE, waiting In vain
for an opportunity to bear whether his own house
and family wore aafo or lost, beard the station
master say to a grain shipper who desired a car for
Baiclnc or Milwaukee, ’'Toucan haro that car. I
bad it partly loaded for Chicago; but there is no
Chicago now, so the man won't want to ship.”
No Chicago! It was too true, so for u things
stood at that moment. And yotTHE TRIBUNE
r epresentative did not fall to put in a word for the
future In good Chicago style. “Walt a little,”
said be, “and see inhere isn’t a Chicago.’’ And
this sentiment was echoed by the party. The
country has not only groat sympathy for, but great
confidence In, Chicago.
tb* panic was Increased by tbo fact that marsh
fires were raging four mites to the south and six
teen.mllei to the westoflbe city. This, neverthe.
less, did not prevent the dispatching of three
of the city’s six engines to the
aid of Chicago. This act, when taken in connec
tion with the apprehension of fire at home, and
the fact that no man of business In Milwaukee
considered that he had a cool’s worth of comfort
In insurance, since Chicago bad already broken all
the companies, cannot be too gratefully appre
ciated. Nor was there apparent any of thu feeling
of rivalry or envy which has been said to char
acterise our neighboring city. Said one of the
city's best business man to our Informant, “It I 8
nobody buta narrow-minded fool that will talk of
Milwaukee being bcnefiited by ibis calamity to
Chicago. What Is your misfortune is ours too, and
that of the whole Northwest. As for trade, wo
haven’t goods enough here to serve a single day
of Chicago’s trade.”
In verification of the remark thst Chicago’s
calamity affects the whole Northwest, the grain
shippers of Milwaukee found, by ’Change hoarsen
Monday, that the banks would not advance a dollar
on shipments of gnir. because the bottom had
dropped out of the insurance business.
During the afternoon, Milwaukee was carrying
water and filling casks en the tops of her stores
andhonscs; mowing marshes to the southward;
swearing la special police to serve at night. These
ware pot on duty—a watchman to each block in
the city, while the iallltsry was called out for pat
rol duty. Thousands of people gathered at the
depot to see the 9 p. m. train come In and bear
the worst aboot the fire. Host of them were like
wise looking for friends who might, perchance, be
refugees from the city of the homeless, and need a
shelter tor the night. A train with a goodly sup
ply of provisions bad already gone forward to Chi
cago from the Chamber of Commerce of Milwau
kee, and the ’other favora, or proffers of favors,
were numerous. Among the latter was the offer
of presses kindly tendered to this paper by tho
Business Manager oftbe Sentinel. The TV ire
office had already been flooded with business from
the ‘*«»antry Inside” establishment of A. N. Kol.
logg. of Chicago. In abort, Milwaukee showed
herself a good neighbor on this occasion.
Pmaacßan. Oct. 9—Universal sympathy is felt
and expressed for tha sufferers by the Chicago ca
lamity. Basinets was In a great measure sus
pended daring the day. and the utmost excitement
prevailed. The City Cosncil, at a special meeting
this afternoon, officially Judged the city for 100,-
000 for the relief of the Chicago sufterers. Thu
action Is the same as In St. Louis and Cincinnati.
Subsequently a hastily-called meeting was held in
the City Hair, and In a abort time $20,000 was sub
scribed and mostly paid to. Subscriptions are
■till coming in. Another meeting has been called
for Wednesday evening, and it Is expected that
fully SIOO,OOO in private subscription! will he
raised. A number of onr wealthiest clllaens;are
heavy losers by the Are. Five steam fire engines
of this city and Allegheny are ready to go on at a
moment's notleo. A meeting was held to-night at
the City Hal! in Allegheny. Committees of about
fifteen to each ward were appointed to collect
money. Several thousand dollars wore subscribed
on the spot. A resolution waa offered and unani
mously passed that tbs Mayor of tne city request
tho Council meeting to-merrow to appropriate at
least SIOO,OOO for the benefit of tho sufferers.
Louisville. Oct. 9.—The great Chicago fire creates
Intense excitement and sympathy among til classes
In this dty. It is the universal topic of conversa
tion. and tho profonndeat pity is expressed by all
tor the unlhrtunato community. The City Council
held t meting to-night on a call from the Major.
Private subscriptions, amounting to $50,000, were
raised, and more Is being token. The meeting waa
very largely attended. Rev. 5. Robinson led off
with *l.OOl. Eight persona promptly fo owed
withll.OOOeach. A number of other* followed
with SSOO each, and many are giving emallcr sums.
Two fire engines were sent to Chicago from this
citv to-day. Private subscription* In this dty will
probably amount to siPo.ot)o. J. Shanklln snb
seribed fSuOln cash and one hundred city iota to be
riven toeuch sufferers aa will move to this city-
Wm. Heilman subscribed BOO; several partied
*IOO. Several thousand dollars were raised and
yriiibe sent to-roorrow. The meeting waa large
nod very enthusiastic.
BLANKETS, ETC.
FROM ABROAD.
THE NEWS ABROAD,
WISCONSIN.
AT MILWAUKEE
PITTSBURGH.
LOUISVILLE.
TERRE HAUTE.
Terre Haute, Ind., Oct. A— I The Common Conn
eh of this city has Just made a shipment of provls*
tons by rail to Chicago. More will follow. The
VandaJlaUne takes ail contributions for the suf
ferers, free of .charge,
INDIANAPOLIS.
Indianapolis. Oct.Tho nows of the terrible
calamity at ChlMgo created the most intent ex
rltement here to-day. Nothing baa equalled It
elnea tbe firing on Fort Bamur. Two steam en
gine'! and two can of provisions were sent to Chi
cago this afternoon, with a corps of firemen and
?)Tlcemen. A meeting was held at tbe Hoard of
rade rooms to-night. Ten thousand dollars were
subscribed and thirty thousand pledged. More pro
visions will be sent to-morrow, and a general meet
ing of citizens la called for to-morrow night.
CAIRO.
Cairo. Oct. 9.—lntense feeling la manifested here
over the sad news from Chicago. The telegraph
office has been thronged all day by citizens anxious
to learn detalla. As soon as the extent of the cal
amity wa« known a committee was appointed to
solicit contributions to the sufferers, andbeforne 11
a. m. two car -loads of provisions were ready and
sent by passenger train, so as to reach CW«go by
Tuesday morning. Hallidty Bros, gave 100 barrels
of floor, and other citizens filled the second Mr
with cooked food. A meeting of citizens Is called
for to-morrow morning, to provide farther aid.
NASHVILLE, TENN,
Nashville. Oct- 9.—Tho greatest interest Is man
ifested In behalf the snflerors by the ChlMgo Are.
Mayor Morris has Issued a proclamation foramcet
inz of citizens to-morrow to provide means to as
tinihe suffering. Aprlvate citizen left a check
at tho Bemntr office to-day for SIOO, with the fol
l no'Sontb, when our follow men are
in 'distress. Uero la 100 for the needy In Chicago.
(Signed) “J.O. W.ALLIN. 1
The managers of the Grey Theatrical Troupe
tender a benefit to-morrew night for the Chicago
cofferers.
MEMPHIS, TENN.
Memphis, Oet. 9.—Tbo_grcat fire In Chicago is
the all-absorbing topic. Farther details are anx
iously awaited. Mayor Johnson and Colonel Ban
eon. President of the Chamber of Commerce, have
issued a joint call for a meeting of citizens at half
past 7, this evening, to take action in regard to the
matter.
KANSAS CITY, MO.
.Kansas City, Oct. The Chicago fire Is the top
le of conversation. The City Connell appropriated
SI,OOO to-day. A citizens’ mooting-oT sympathy
was heltL 10-nlght, and a committee to
raise subscriptions.
OSWEGO, N. T.
Oswego, Oct. 9.—The members of the Board of
Trade have contributed $2,000 to tbe ChlMgo snf
r‘nnl JACEaONVU-LK, ILL.
Jacksonville. 111-Oct. 9.—The Mayor ofthla city
to night .sent the following telegram, which ex
plains itself:
To th* Mayor cf Chicago
The City Council of Jacksonville have voted re-
PHILADELPHIA.
Philadelphia, Oct. 9.—Mayor Fox has called a
meeting of tho citizens for Wednesday to insure
measures for a worm and gencrons response to t he
appeal of Chicagoans for aid. The Commercial
Exchange Association appointed a committee or
twenty to collect funds for Chicago, and send a
resolution of sympathy to the Mayor of Chicago.
BOSTON
Boston. Oct. 9.—Mayor Gaston lias telegraphed
to the Mayor of Chicago, expressing sympathy, and
Inquiring in what manner Boston can best extend
ala.
CLEVELAND.
Cleveland. Oct. 9.—A very large mooting of citi
zens was held to-night nt the Court House, to ob
tain contributions In aid of tho Chicago sufferers.
Subscriptions were raised to tho amount o; SIO,OOO.
The banks will largely increase this sum. A com
mittee was appointed In each ward to collect sub
scriptions from the citizens.
FORT WAYNE.
Fort Wayne, Oct. 9.—Fivo thousand dollars rais
ed at an impromptu meeting. Cooked food pledg
ed for to-morrow. Our own city la In danger from
prairie fires, which rapidly approach mall direc
tions.
TOLEDO, OHIO.
Toledo, Oct. 9.—Seven thousand dollars raised.
More to-morrow.
SARATOGA, N. Y.
Saratoga, Oct. 9.—A meeting has been called for
to-morrow to raise funds for the Chicago sufferers.
BALTIMORE.
Baltimore. Oct. 9,-Tho City Council rejuc.tcil
the* Mayor to offer tho sympathy and what am
Baltimore could tender Chicago In her great
calamity.
The Episcopal Convention had boon in session
an hour and a half for business this morning, noth
ing of general interest occurring, when Dr. Adams
was.lho recipient of dispatch from Chicago show
ing the terrible stain of atlairs cabling there. The
reporls of the morning press, and the reading ol
the dispatch. created au intense sensation. uis
motion, to stir-pend all business and proceed at
once to pray was carried, and two among the oldest
clergymen prepared to conduct prayers. The
whole convention and the large audience kneltaiid
Joined In service. The feeling was very deep, and
a majority of the convention were In tears through
out- At the close of the special service the cmire
body, including the spectators, remained tor some
time on their knees, engaged in silent prayer, vr.
Judson. of Portland. Maine, at a later hour, upon
the reaching of a second despatch announcing fur
ther particulars, moven that at the evening meet
ing collections be asked In behalf of the suffering,
which was adopted. It was also suggested that
the whole Church bo called upon for aid.
ALBANY. N.V.
Albany. Oct. 9.—Mayor Thatcher has called a
meeting for to-morrow to aid the Inhabitants of
Chicago.
POUGHKEEPSIE.
Poughkeepsie. N. Y., Oct. 9.—Meeting called by
the Mayor to morrow to aid Chicago.
EVANSVILLE.
Evansville, Ind.. Oct. o.—The most intense ex
citement has prevailed all day in the cltv. To
night a largo and earnest meeting was held in the
Opera Douse, and liberal subscriptions of money
and provisions were made. Committee* were ap
pointed to collect funds and prepare provisions.
WHEELING, W. VA.
Wheeling, Oct. o.—At the City Council to-night,
called by the Mayor, $5,000 was appropriated for
the Chicago eutterers by fire. The Mayor sod the
President of the second branch of the Council
were ordered to remit the same to the Mayor of
Chicago. The Mavor was authorized tocalla muss
meeting of citizens to-morrow morning, to give an
opportunity to largo mmit>ers of private citizens
who are anxious to subscribe to the same purpose.
Franklin Lodge No. 3. 1. O. O. F. donated SHW for
the purpose at its meeting held this evening.
COLUMBUS, O.
Columhue,Oct. 9.—Tho Chicago fire has produced
a profound sensation here to-day. At a meeting of
citizens this afternoon siu.uw were contributed,
and a committee appointed to raise money and
f revisions for the sufferers. The bakeries anti
’enltentiary are busy to-night baking bread and
cooking meat to be forwarded to Chicago. Tb«
o:fs express train to-night took out a large quantity
ol bread and meats prepared at the Penitentiary.
WASHINGTON,
Washington, Oct. D.—The fire at Chicago excite?
Intense excitement throughout the city, and especi
ally among gentlemen from that locality. In ad
dition to press telegrams. General Meyer, of .he
Signal Service, has been receiving despatches ftom
time to time regarding tho conflagration. On na.t
log them this morning President Grant requeued
Secretary Belknap to telegraph to General Sh>. I
dan saying that it was the President's wish that
General Sheridan should issue provisions and clo.h
lagfrom the supplies be has at his disposal, and if
these prove insufficient, to call on the military au
thorities at St. Louis for the same purpose.
Washington. Oct. 9.—Secretary Belknap has or
dered tents, clothing, blankets, rat inns, and, in (act,
cTcryibiog in the control of tho War Uepariuiun
at Jeffersonville to bo furnished to thu sufferers at
Chicago. The amount of government money lu
the vaults of the sub-Treasury at Chicago is about
tffiOcO.UOO, sico,(wo of which is In gold and the bal
ance is In paper. No reports have been received at
the Treasury Department concerning either the
safety or loss ol this amount of government gold.
PROCLAMATION BY GOVERNOR BROWN.
OP MISSOURI.
Jefferson City, Oct. 0, JSTI.
To the People o/JTittouri:
A calamity unparalleled In tbo bUlory of oor
country has befallen tbo great city of our sister
Slate. Half ofthe houscn of the people of Chicago
arc in ashes, and all of its business portion is de
stroyed. Every bank, railroad depot, insurance
office, newspaper establishment, every wholesale
bouse, all its accumulated products and food sup
ply, and nearly every trade appliance and elevators
are reported ns utterly consumed. Such disaster
will move the hearts, ot our citizens with tbo pro
foundest sympathy. Let ns unite likewise In tbo
most generous emulation, and extend the largest
possible aid to them in this tho hour of misfortune.
I, therefore, recommend ail counties, cities, towns,
and other corporations, to ail business and charit
able associations, and to the community at large,
to take Immediate steps to organize relief com
mittees to express tbc deep sorrow which Missouri
feels at this overwhelming affliction.' It was only
yesterday that they were united with you in con
gratulating you on your own soil and In your own
chief city, whilst their own homes were being de
stroyed. Let us respond by throwing open wide
our own doors to those who ora without shelter, by
sending bread and raiment at once, and by such
contributions ward off further distress, as the
generous heart of our own great State will be
proud to transmit, in recognition, too. of the warm
and Intimate feeling that Has heretofore so closely
bound our citizens together. I cannot forbear to
extend to all who have been thus stricken down in
the midst of an unbounded prosperity the since real
sympathy of Missouri’s sous and daughters in their
distress.
Ulßli.Ofi
Done at tho city of Jefferson this 9th day of
October, A. D. 1801. 13. GRATZ 13KOWN,
Governor of.Missouri.
PEORIA, ILL.
Psonia, 111., Oct. 9.—Tbc greatest excitement
prevails in consequence of the terrible fire at Chi
cago. An extra patrol will be placed around tho
city to-night and every possible precaution taken
to guard against a like disaster here. Pekin, 111.,
suffered heavily from fire last night, and the woods
on the opposite side of the river from here, for a
distance of tbruu miles, are totally destroyed by
the same clement.
NEW YORK.
New York, Oct 0, Telegram to tho Cincinnati
Commercial.
This has been afield, day in Wall street, and in
ptdnt of hlgh-prcbsure excitement wo can recall
nothing to wblcn there ha* been the slightest ap
proach. with the one exception of the September
••Black Friday,” in 1869, and os compared with
that Ula by no means certain that in Its various
ramifications the Chicago fire of to-day* will more
than equal that long-tbdM-remcmberod occasion.
The European financial outlook has for some
time given food for grave reflection os to its effects
in the domestic market*. Oar lost bank state
ment disclosed the startling faclthul oor city In
stitutions are illy prepared to meet any farther re
quirements without actually touching upon their
reserves, and without any extraneous cause enter
ing into the calculation, their position la not one
calculated to inspire confidence. Tbc disastrous
calamity which has now befallen Chicago is calcu
lated to lead tbc mindHOl oor economists and fi
nancier* into the gravest apprehensions, especially
as to this Is added tho condition of and distrust in
our municipal concerns.
Tbo Stock Exchange has witnessed a scene of
excitement and activity which would have done
Justice to the palmiest days of the institution be
fore tbc last renovation was completed. A casual
looker-on during the time when tbo excitement was
atits highest would have imagined himself in the
midst of an orglo composed of denizens of tbo
realms of Satan, for the din was tremendous, the.
voices maniacal. tha gestures those of despair, the
faces upturned in the sea of head* distorted by the
most frightful grimaces, and nothing external ea-'
vorod of earthly things except tho Jaunty drear
.which denotes tbo true stock broker. Everybody
seemed possessed of one idea to sell his holding* 1
at whatever price they would fetch. So quickly 1
does a panic, like a mob. increase In violence ts ft i
moves on aver tbc troubled water* of speculation.
The' Western roods were the first to foci th
effects of a panic, bat os quickly as the fiames of ti:*
Chicago fire spread from house to house, so spre;nt
the reckless desire to sell out from stock ;o
stock, until the Long Room became a hol.j
caost for tho entire list. Down, down the
prices rattled. as. each telegram received, wes cl
a more disastrous nature than Us prcdecessr is.
Down, down, not stopping at fractions, bat er;■-h
fluctuation embracing an integer until tbo cay
closed, gloomy and weak, on* market which 1.. a
storied off with a fair amount of confidence; ojivii
brokers weary and Jaded with their labors, ir.<l
open bolder* despondent and sad.
In the very later dealings somo sort of trier
was restored, as strong houses stepped intollu
breach, and. by gigantic efforts, succeeded In piec
ing the upqu a firmer footing, with an up
ward reactionary tendency. But the morrow is
anxiously looked forward to, and It is feared tba
the decline of 3 to 11 per cunt to day will drag
down many houses.
Although the gold movement wa* dull and nnin
tcrestlngln tbc morning, yet la tbo afternoon there
were, brief periods when the cxcitcmcn* In the
Oold'Room wa* indescribable. Tbc market wa*
firm in the early trade at 114 to 114*4, condition
of things due to the high rate of exchange, now
nearly up to a specie shipping point, wblcn neu
tralized the order of the Secretary of the Treasury
of tbo prepayment without rebate of tha November
gold interest on the 25th Instant.
In the afternoon some very largo amounts of gold
were thrown upon tbc market by a member ot Cio
pool, which turned the price iu the opposite dire:-
tlon, and a decline ensued to 143-£, tho final qn
totions standing 1135@114. In the absence of
other and more startling developments, this would
.it 2, :5. (5, S. J T r' r ccut, Which, in view of tho
present contii;lon of .lie money market. Indicated
-i-hnrt Interest c.f no tontemptibl; proportions.
The money mstvci this more ‘‘T
generally at 7;v mi on-call, though :;a uC.-.irß'
developed mors eta- 'lag prompt c;iv<: dtvionr.
more activity w.t« rd.andln the- iflernco’i 1-tl*
U- and even percent aero a
misttons for n.r r-r ujmporarv use. iiii ;e
i.rosoatcoßdi:-, r .o banks ntlbnl-- veryiiitio
room for cxti.i.-u -i ;?onic roller titty h; fetnd
in the dimini'h^i;-«n'-.nut of ca '.in
view of the Uvllne in prices. Th u:- !mt been
nothing doing in commercial p i int
hoods participated ihe-gei;i-i ind,
opening weak «»a» '■•wer, mad 1 mu. im'i.it ‘Con
cessions of to ;i per cent, -..in: t i., e,-iiue in
gold, dosing heavy.
Cincinnati, X—' The great ure i.. thdeago
monopolizes ui .urn ..ion, Busn-cs i.- iu*;»'!y sus
pended. Tiic nev-ry.c'KSr bulletin* J:<?<•;•. the people
advised, and extras. oy tie par> re, arc
eagerly caught up. The great .xl.iruty moves
evory heart. The citizens' ».i;..ih*d at tho
Chamber of Comm rcc, was Vrg ly a-tended.
Mayor Davis presided. Cotn.ni't-xa on Trans
portation and Finance were appointed. yobsenp
llons and cash payments were at once received.
The Chamber of Commerce Many
leading firms gave each. At 12 o clock,
$-25,000 bad been BUbt-erlO.-.!. At h.df past 10,
Mayor sent, by special imiaoi. thuC,. IX. and D.
1 Road, thiee steamfireengine- ..tidud the hose at
tho command of the city tog-thor with men neces
sary to man them.
A meeting of both V irds of ibe Common Conn
ell was hem at 1 o’clock, and It was resolved by
unanimous vote to appropriate sloo.two for the re
lief of Chicago, despite the legal inability to make
snch appropriation, but pledg' d themselves indi
vidually to obtain Icgiidation n make the charity
legal. Committees were appointed, and the action
of the Mayor in winding engines a ulpollce was in
dorsed. Tho Hamilton Dayton itallroad sent
notice that they bad ample transportation for all
supplies and help nec-? :n to be sent to Chicago
free. Tho Indiantpoi:-, Cincinnati Lafayette
Road make tho fame idler The American Ex
pross Company prop-Jar- t-j uppllcs free.
In accordance wish th.* t’. or sends a dis
patch to cities along the u... the railroad to
collect supplies to be taken free. JV-mkets and
clothing will be collected nml wnt todi.T' in largo
quantities, and also cooked food. The couMr'tt
leave for Chicago ut 5 o’clocl; chb vu-uieg.
The officers of all the Odd lodges ;u u.c j
city hold a meeting at 4 o’cloi.1: in aid of the •'Uff’f- I
inp brethren in Chicago. I
Contributions ore coming In to-night from many
email cities for the Chicago sufferers. The
Pho-ni* and AMcmania Jewish socltiea were to
ha>« bails to-morrow night, for which supper was
prepared. The balls have been given up and the
rood ordered to Chicago. A general meeting of
German societies occurs to-morrow. John T. Ford
and M'M Jane Coombs give the entire receipts of
Pike’s Opera House Wednesday night. Mr. Hal
stead. of tho Commercial shipped the Tribune a
fall font of distributed typo to-night. The news
paper establishments have made liberal contribu
tions in maney.
The Evangelical minister* held a meeting this
evening and resolved to co-operate with the author
hies In affording relief. The Masonic bodies hold
a general meeting to-morrow; also Knights of
Phytblas. Tho contributions of Cincinnati to
day will reach $200,00n, The smaller cities In
Ohio and other Slates all accm to move to the re
lief oftbc sufferers.
At the preachers' meeting In the Methodist Epis
copal Church this morning, resolutions of sym
pathy were introduced and adopted by them, de
claring that they would call on their congregation*
to co-operate with the city authorities in attordlng
immediate relief.
WASHINGTON.
Washington. Oct. y.—The fire at Chicago ex
cites intense Interest throughout the city,
especially among gcn< lemcn from that locality, la
addition to the pn-ss telegrams. General ilycr. of
the signal Sorv;cu. b.,s been receiving despatches
from time to litre regarding the conflagration. On
reading iherr. *hli. morning, President Grant re
quested bccto n, y Belknap to telegraph General
Sheridan saying h vea the President’s wish that
General Sh’rid ;n I—«t;e1 —«t;e provisions and clothing to
the taiicre:* [.out t.olleshc has at bis disposal,
nud if these should .trove insufficient. to cull on
the military autir:...fj at St. Louis for the same
purpose.
Tbo War TVp it telegraphed instructions
this morning io m. military commanders in West
ern cities to ln-j:i:dT.;ely forward to Chicago all
blanket? ami st-wr ,'luhlng in their possession for
the use and r.Jjr; tac sufferers by are. The citi
zens hero propr -o 1 'Mingo mass meeting to-mor
row night, to mis.: f .ids tor the relic! of the des
titute tn the fcuiwrfii'*- city.
o-JFFALO.
Buffalo, Oct. 9.—City Council. at a regular
m?oting this afiC’-r -on, authorized the issue of
one bundled tiio'-*-*-'l dollars of city bonds for the
immediate u«c of 'in Chicago sufferers. A com
mlltccof the ecu'*-.*.leave to-night, with a car
load ofprovtMtvir- f Chicago. The officers and
exhibitors ar trial International exhibition
raised ten avus of bread, to be forward
edatonct.' i efofthe sufferers. Ovens’
bakery, th>- tho city, has been authorized
by the city officials to commence, without delay,
and bake night and nay, until further orders, lor
Chicago. The exclii raent here is intense, and the
sympathy of citizens of all classes is thoroughly
aroused.
COMMIT., OF THE PRESS.
FromtleS:. Louie Democrat, Oct. 10.
THE CALAMITY.
One of those oulas-.ropbcs that pierce ail men’s
hearts has smitten u;o land. Tbo nation is in and
den mourning. *J. rcavemeni black and bitter
overshadows us. In cio destructive prostration of a
groat city. It ta u vi-itailon too terrible for words
—almost too appr.iiing for reflection. Wherever
lives a sympathetic 'out, there Is distress for the
scntiy that overwhelm* so many hundreds of thou
sands of onrfellowr.
None may ailemp. to measure the interests, tho
happiness, the treasured cares, tbc points of self
denying 1011, the harvests of generations of sacri
fice and labor, bound op In the safely of a metrop
olis. Who con bear to dwell upon the thought
that, though nil these to-day are shining In glo
rious strength, to-morrow they may be bat smok
ing ashes?
Let ns be excused from portraying the heart
anguish of the stricken multitudes who but lately
were rejoicing in the thrifty homes of Chicago. It
is too sod a picture. But let it be remembered.
Let it m t be forgotten that thousands of families
have suddenly been burled from affluence to pov
erty, tens of thousands from competency to indi
gence, and wherever In St. Louis or elsewhere a
citizen is fighting or haply thinks be bos won life's
battle for himself and bis homo-circle, let him, in
Heaven's name, sond what help ho can to the suf
fering In tho Lako City.
Tbc material disaster to our sister city cannot
now be computed. The later despatches will con
vey a hotter impression of it than can otherwise be
given. The main business portion of the queenly
metropolis of Illinois is fn ruin*. All the finest
bondings in the city, the trade palaces, the whole
sale establishments and their contents, the entire
business portion and a host of minor structures,
are gone. The loss will be stated at hundreds of
millions, and will be feltover tho world. Itisa
dreadful blow to a swiftly growing city, but they
are mistaken who think it will prove fatal. Chi
cago bos been the world's wonder in her rise, and
she is now the world’s sad wonder in her almost
unprecedented calamity.. She will now astonish
by the rapidity and success of her recuperation.
One year hence will witness orderly array* of new
and grander piles in place of those that arc now
smouldering to blackness.
It is thirty-four year* since' Chicago became a
city, with a population of somo four thousand.
Her growth la shown in tho following table:
Pop. Atteutd Vel.
IMO 4,470 M.437
1 IMS 18,088 3.065.0*'
1850 28,36'J 7.220.249
1855..' 80,023 20,022,89.:
1860 109.203 37,053.512
1805 ....187.410 01,709.177
1870 298,977 223,65!,89u
Tbs energies that have effected these results will
hut gather fresh force and new volnme from the
present temporary check. Capital from abroad
will eagerly rush In to bnlld upon the old founda
tions and to occupy sites that have' proved to be
so golden. But the absolute loss to the wealth
and Industry of the' country will he irreparable. It
will bankrupt millionaires. Insurance companies
that have battled the billows of fire for decades will
go down before this storm. Mercs mile houses by
the scores will fall. Thera wilt be ruined and
wrecked fortunes by tbo hundreds. Armies ol
creditors will look for their does in vain. The
whole agricultural region tributary to and In turn
supplied by Chicago will suffer. Tbo centres of
capital in Inc East will tremble, and tbc shock will
be felt throughout the country. If any imagine
that from this dha;i*rto Chicago and the North
most other cities .r..d sections will permanently
gain, they ere mkraken. While there may-bo a
temporary dlTr reiou of business, and some varia
tion in the cb:x :-:c trade, the community os' a
whole, In ell it-, can only suffer for so mate
rial a subtract'. the total prosperity of tho
country.
Chicago eutorpiv-. has become proverbial, and
this reparation of *.cr citizens has been well
earned. Aui.iji'r.. of it is related in-the fact
that n number cf citizens have recently been
designing a Fair .*-Utlon, Intended tor a per
manency acd g ov ;i liko that of the Si. Louis in
stitution of the But a few days ago.a- St.
Louisan of 1 .7 experience in the conduct of
these mailers r*oel i d a liberal, oflerto go toChl
csgo, and the:-. •r«ai.Uo an Exposition establish
ment. -Thiswr os y one of .tbo new plans with
which Chicago he.'.! were busy when the dreadful
blow of Saiardij-md Sunday canoe. The dostrne
tiim of the tiding I --<flc Hotel, the future Llndeli
of the Lake Clly, r ’>ut an item of her loss. Sad
Indeed are theoC xvninlsccnces of a prosperity so
gigantic and so h -.p: blasted by a blight so era-'
cl. It can only ha .Vu aa a common calamity.
CLiJAGO CALAMITY.
"From tV :._rttt Commercial, Oct. 10.
Since the TMoscowthere has been no
confiagrati re In the. world so sublime
xud apuollice os mat in Chicago Sunday night and
yoateraav. Toe mi -norable great- lire -in New
I’ork, In December. PS4, destroyed property to the
valac.ltwaaefiiaat.il, of over thirty millions.
The other great (Lea in this country have been
those ofPiUrbrjgb sod Portland, Maine. Th© Chi
cago calamity I; gr ;cr than alt, combined. The
amount of Ins-* is all rees* work, bat there can be
no doubt that i: -da one hundred millions’of
dollars. Themis? -luable portion of the .city la
destroyed. Ji r.r ,t in Cincinnati, a fixe com
mencing In t>e East End should make a
clean eweepof uverr'nlng between Seventh street
and'the river, westwa-d to Mill Creek. The terrors
of soch a desolation, the details of such a mighty
agony, are Inwncsn ible. The calamity tonebea
the heart of the na!i»n. The telegraph wires arc
bnsily transmitting despatches conveying to the
sufferers asanrauces of the deepest sympathy, and
offers of assistance, and information that
on the way. Oor local colnms show how the peo
[tin of Cincinnati were moved and how energetical
y they acted.
Last evening we bad throe steam fire engines In
Chicago, and wo may be sure they were a welcome
reinforcement to tie exhausted firemen of that
city. Early this morning a train loaded with blank
ets, clothing and provlßlona;wlU reach the scene
of desolation, and no doubt thu tun thousand
blankets and fifty thousand loaves of bread will be
well placed. Dispatches (him all the- cities la the
country show that they are in action as we are.
Happily tho railroads, of which Chicago la such a
great centre, will serve speedily to relieve the Im
mediate necessities of her homeless people,
The shock of this dreadful disaster will be felt
In com.Leroial circles around the world. So Inti
mately aietie Interests of the various mercantile
communities associated, that a tremendous
catastrophe like that in Chicago must ae^ihij
affect all. Oar insurance companies suffer
heavllv. The bankers are considerable i
losers! Many lolty house* in New \ors ami i
Boston will be shaken to their foundation*.
ami soma of them no doubt fallr-for there-were
-tost investments of New York am l -Boston money
•In Chica'-o/’-Tbo stock of railroads centering \u
"Chicago declined W percent, yesterday, m New
York A good many of the Insurance companies
arc undoubtedly ruined. and It itf.nol unlikely that
the rates of Insurance will be adraaccd.
Tbo rotations ;f Cincinnati with Chicago were
those of contiguous neighborhoods. There is hard
ly a family In this city that does not numher in
Chicago relatives ami dear friends, and the Im
possibility of hearingfrom them during the teutons
and distressing boura of yesterday, sharpened Our
sense -of .'calamity,. One might telegraph, but
where could a despatch reach u friend in the hor
rible ruins, or ihc innumerable multitude of wan
derers in the elreeca! .'Many must have perished In
the awful torrent which swept over the place as I
the Niagara rapids were all flames and moving
through the doomed city. Tim sick. Ihc delicate,
the a <T ed. the little children berried at midnight
into the blazing streets, and it is certain that many
lives were lost, and that many more cave lost health
and perhaps reason itself.
The conditioner the city, last night, was most
melancholy. The gas-works were destroyed, so
there was no Hgbtexcvpt the ghastly Illuminations
from the rntns. The water-works were destroyed,
and there was a great scarcity of water even to
drink. The newspaper offices all destroyed, the
Post Office gone, the telegraphic communication
with the world through offices in the snhnrbs-the
people overwhelmed in the common rain arc hard
ly able to communicate with eacholhcr. But they
will know soon, however, that their friends have
not forgotten them.
Such a calamity cannot be the result of an acci
dent. Its causes are adequate, and Its lessons
should be impressive and effectual. The conditions
of a mighty conflagration were present in Chicago,
and the people were fully aware of their existence.
The well built business portion of the city, near
tbo main branch of the Chicago Kivcrand the
lake, was backed by an immense number of
wooden homo?, and flanked by pleasant residences
and parks along the lake.
The wooden part of the town, become a vast mass
of kindling in the drouth of Ihc last throe months,
was fired on Saturday night, and the city was al-.
I ui.'st destroyed then. There was wanting but a
I good elan for tl<» sire In the wooden town, and a
I strong wind lo.vard the lake to carry a mess of
I perfectly irrcilstlb’e against the brick and
ctene r, d ;he city. On h’uaday night there
was a fierce gale from riv,' pruu i. the Jake. and.
with a thousand frame house* blazing, (iiointensity J
of the heat, ami the volume of the fire tecathu -o i
groat, that tin* lofty structures of the busings i
streets melted like wax. and the prodigious flood
of flame poured through to the lake, and swept
north, as far as it could find material, and south,
until General Sheridan stayed ita jtrogress by
blowing up blocks of buildings. Not only Ihc
business portion of the city, but many of the finest
residences are destroyed.
A good number of the flue residences on the
South Side remain, and there arc a great many
small dwellings still standing in the western part
of the city. Those who are familiar with the city
can. with the aid of our map. come to accurate con
clusions ns to the relative proportions of the ciiy
saved and destroyed.
The lesson of the Chicago disaster is that wc
must not bnild so fast, and that wc most make onr
booses more secure. Paris would have been ut
terly destroyed last summer if it bad not been a
city of stone. London would have perished in the
flames long ago if her builders did not habitually
put up heavy walls and roots that resist fire. Wo
most make baste more slowly and more surely.
Chicago, we predict, will arise from her ashes a
1 grander city than ever, chastened by her calamity.
and by'experience grow Icßsconfldaut.ia tlenling
rapidity of progress, and more contectwilb gradu
al returns and solid gains.
NEW YORK.
From the Now York Evening Post. Oct. 3.
The excitement In this city to-day In regard to
the Chicago Are is Intense. Many of the leading
operators in the stock market were in receipt of
frequent advices, on which they predicated their
action.
Aa a natural consequence of the tremendous de
struction of railway property, thestock market be
came very panicky, uml In the Western stock* es
pecially the decline was great. Fortunes were
tost in a moment.
Men who went home on Saturday night conn-,
deni In their pre?cut wealth, and their ability still
to augment It, came to their husine-a this morning
onlv to And that the earnings of a lifetime of bnsi
nes’s enterprise and earnest, persistent labor had
been sweot away at one blow by tire.
Our money article will more fully show the effect
of the news upon the stock list, and it will suffice
to mention iu this place that the decline In some
of the stocks —notably Lake Shore—is as much as
six percent.
Tnc scene In the Stock Exchange was one of the
wildest ever witnessed there. Demoniac yells,
such as one beard In the Gold Room on Black tn
day In 15503,' announced the struggles of desperate
men to save at least a Utile from their wrecked
fortunes. Gestures of despair, faces pale with
mortal fear, racked by anguish such as one well
may wUh never to see a second tunc, greeted one
on every side. The scene was painlully Interest
ing and exciting. To a stranger It would hare
seemed that the assemblage of well-dressed men
before him was Insane.
Many a broker who saw his fortune rapidly sup
ping from his grasp, without having the power to
stay tt. was temporarily mad, and with good rea
son. As the news came In from Chicago it added
to tbo excitement* and the board la still in a tur
moil such os has not been witnessed since the
famous break in Rock Island last summer.
If it ehonld prova true that the business part of
Chicago baa been nearly all destroyed by the Are,
aa the telegrams assert, it will seriously affect New
York, as the losses will have to be borne largely
bv this city. A goodahareof the insurance will
fall OnNow York companies; a great deal of money
lent im grain destroyed was New York capital;
goods marketed by New York merchants in Chi
cago during the fall trade, and which have not yet
been paid tor, will represent almost a total losa
and much Chicago grain paper that baa been redis
counted here wlihlu the last six weeks, will be io-l
totho New York bauka. The capital required to
build up the town will also have to come,in a great
measure, from here.
Thecxcitemcm In this city iu regard to the Chi
cago Are is hourly on the Increase, and the most
intense desire for lurtber Information U exhibited
in all parts of the city, and among all classes of the
community. What the effect of the calamity will be
here It Is at this time Impossible to foretell.
Among the provision merchants there is the
greatest anxiety and uncertainty A rnmor that
six grain elevators, with seven million bushe.s of
wheat, had been destroyed Induced many mer
chants who had a large Block of grain to rotuso to
Mil, the effect being an increase cf three to four
cents per bushel. Others, however, do not believe
that tnere was that amount of grain in Chicago
when the fire broke out. It Is also reported that
9,U00 barrels of lard were destroyed, and this. If
true, will undoubtedly affect the provtiion market,
as the stock of lard la this city is very small. On
the otherhaud, it Is said, and generally believed,
that the packing houses are without the boundaries
of the conflagration, and that In consequence the
price of provisions will not be materially affected.
It Ik quite impossible to ascertain tho names of
Insurance companies in this city who have suf
fered.
Post Master Jones has delegated S. H. Knapp,
tho Superintendent of Mails ol the New York office,
to leave at once fur Chicago to attend 10 tbe inter
ests of New York merchants, and to lake charge of
all malls coming cast. Hr. Knapp will leave this
evening.
THB RUINED CITY.
From tbe Dobaqne (Iowa) Times.
Our telegraphic columns are bunluncd this morn
ing with accounts, unavoidably meagre, but yet
sufficient In details to show that tho whole country
Is brought face to fccowitb tbe direst calamity that
ever visited any people. That Chicago, the great
metropolis, the homo of gcolas, the birth-place ol
deathless energies, which bod changed a tenantless
morass in less than a quarter of a century into one
of tbe finest and most nourishing cities, should
have been destroyed in a day I Nothing of <lk
kind before bos ever surpassed this in complete
and terrible rain. Tbe great fire In Londou, in
iGOi, did hardly equal iu The thought of tnls
•weeping calamity is overwhelming; the magni
tude of the disaster can only be conjectured.
Whether we look apon it in tbe light of its awfm
misery and destruction of life, orooly In Its ruin
ous business aspect.the thought la appalling, Hun
dreds of human beings wrapped np in the merci
less ftames—no possible means of escape, ana
a honored thousand turned oat homeless
—it may be penniless—to brave tbe
rigors of an approaching cold ami dreary winter.
Thousands who, on last Sunday morning, enjoyed
uumes of- luxury, now stripped of everything they
possessed. The frolts ofmteen or twenty years ol
toil destroyed in a single night. Well may the
contemplation also great a calamity callout the
warmest sympathies of the people of the entire
country, and it is not matter lor surprise that our
citizens have taken such prompt and eflccUve
measurcs to help alleviate the stihenngs of the late
residents of the ruined city. 1c were indeed
strange if a sparing hand was not stretched forth
at ibis lime in aid. With the Mayor of that
doomed metropolis appealing to Milwaukee—and
not In vulu—for'sustenance to keep a hundred
thousand homeless people from furnishing with
hunger, it only.becomes our people to open their
hands, their stores, and treasure houses, and give
freely, and to give to ibe nimosl of their capacity.
Bat it is when tbe thought is uppermost of the
wide-spread, probable rum which ibis destruction
of tbe.great Western metropolis entails, that we
stand most appalled.-- When those rows of stately
edifices wont down, and the grand monuments oi
unequalled enterprise crumbled, there was beard
the taint, echoes of financial crashes which mat
reach every city* In‘ho Onion. The capital In the
coffers of her insurance companies was that which
stood plodged-to tbe safety of millions worth ol
property in distant Western cities, and these secu
rities having shared the fate of other property de
stroyed. a dread feeling of insecurity must natural
ly seize upoaevery merchant or real estate owner
in the country.' And what may come no tongue
dare or can predict. Rut it is tho part of wisdom
to maintain calmness in the trial, and not by Inju
dicious counsels aggravate tho evils wc fear.
There is left one single and important duly, and
tbat is to USO. unremittingly every safeguard
against fires in our power. Both public ana pri
vate means should be given liberally and wisely to
this end.
From the London (Canada) Free Pres?, Oct. 10.
Ono of the greatest calamities that, ha* ever af
flicted a community baa fallen upon Chicago. Dm
yesterday it was tbo pride of the West; tbt» marvel
of modern times: to-day it lies for, the most part a
heap of smouldering ashes, Its beauty gone, iu
magolflceoco destroyed, nod misery stamped upon
its houseless inhabitants. A dozen short hours
hare been sufficient to dethrone and humble in
tbo dust one of tho greatest emporiums of which
commerce could boast, and to scatter before the
winds the untold riches that have been poured
into Its lap. Where prosperity had flzed, ns it
were, her chosen teat, destruction and destitution
now reign*: where thousands of happy famllie
congregaled. la now a desolated spot. So swift, so
terrible a disaster afflicts one a* with a paralysis,
and strike with dumbness those who can approach
to a realization of the terrors that bare been en
acted, and endeavors to compote tbo misery that la
present ana has to come.
How and when Is tho magnificence of Chi
cago to be restored J From what source wl.l
como tho capital and material lo bntld op that
which -has been consumed The great Ore at
Portland, some years since, was not one-twentieth
so terrible in anger as this hat been, and yet it is
but jnst now reconstructed. Winter, too, will soon
beherc, to, delay any• operations that might bo
otherwise possible, and this reason will postpone
to the spHng aoUre operation!!. It Is ilkaiy, then,
that tbteoorfonr years will elapso before Chicago
resumes the poaitioo it occupied a short day since.
'lt bad given sore Indications of a well-founded
vitality and commercial pre-eminence that even
this tremendous blow will rebound before it, tnd
the Chicago that will be will be still more magnifl-
cent, still more luxurious titan that which ha* sec*
cumbod before lh.it oncoming of ihat tower «>f
flame which ha* marched over’its f Ur mart* and
palaces.
ST. LULTS.
From the St. Louis Democrat, Oct li)
The wonderful intelligence of “all Chicago i*
burning” spread like wild fire over the dtv venter
day morning. Long before easiness hours'the
business btreets were thronged with excited crowd*
anxious to learn tke'latest particulars. Fresh ex
tras, a* they were Issued from time jo tine from
the Democrat office, were cagerlv cau-bt up and
the latest intelligence wr.* read aud reread with
the greatest avidity. All day long the sidewalks
were thronged, and in many place* were almost
impassab.e. Every other interest seemed to
merge in till* one. But Utile business was trans
acted iu any department of trade, the bank*, the
Office* and the stores being deserted for the street
A common and intense excitement prevailed, anti
where the crowd* were the largest, in the news
paper and telegraph office*, it ha* not had a paral
lel since the o.d wartime*, when the whole city
was waiting the i*»ue of an impending battle.
No other tccling* than those of the deepest re
pr tand the heartiest commiseration were enter
talne All the old spirit of rivalry with it* natu
ral outcropping seemed in a moment to have died
away, ;.i d St. Loni* sorrowed earnestly and fiom
the hca. twith her calaniity-tricken sister. This wa*
noticeable iu a score of ways. The quiet but in
tensely eager inquiries fur news and the subdued
conversation* on the street* and in the horse cars,
and at the dinner table*, as well a* in ciub-rooni*
aud more public place*, where no other topic pre
vailed, told with what quick pulsation* the heart
ofS:, Louis bent at the thought of Chicago's suf
fering.
And teller than all, this deep, earnest sym
pathy found expression In something more prac
tical than word*. The early and klndlv greetin''*
from Mayor Brown to the Mayor ofthe'distressed
city, were followed later in the day hr a rousing
meeting on 'Change, where, iu less than an hour,
and amid the most intense enthusiasm, nearly
sloo.oho were raised. During the afternoon the
City Council, a: a special meeting called for tbo
purpose, voted $50,000 to add to the generous pri
vate subscriptions. It 1* cxpcc.ed that the
County Court will appropriate a like sun. Last
evening another mas* meeting was held iu Mer
cantile-Library Hall, which was packed from plat
form to threshold, and SIU,(XK) were, paid Into the
common parse for the sufferers.
•Besides these amount* private subscription* in
money wens nude to the fund, in some Distances,
a* the result of hastily taken collections in shops
r.ud Caclorle*. ?"d in others, ns generous mites
from the <L our (‘ti.-er.,-. Lodges Jf
chapters o: a'l kind. of benev
olent .>r.:;i:slr"ri i.:-are prep'-rirg to send re
lief to their Ire.." ir.-r.
Yc*t*-:<i:iy cu-rnhc -V .V ■•'TJ’.VJ'JT JVe
oagiu-t.-* ami a Kriulred irfilic.-nn.ii were -cat by
special traln'iia.-t-au toaseht in sr.h
duing toe tlum<*rf. a ;;K*gram, hawt-vor. anu.i-tncrd
that their service* were ijot required, sad they re
turned. At 5 o'clock in the evening a eecoud
special train was despatched, conveving hundred*
ot citizen* and car loads of food and clothing. Not
wlthßtabdiog this: the levee last night m many
places, and several of the ferry bouts, were crowded
with the provisions ami parcels which bad been
deposited by citizens arnicas to contribute some
thing.
TIMP TABLE.
RAILROAD.
Special Notice
Fertile present, and un
til further notice, all pas
senger' trains will leave
from ?nd arrive at Twen
ty-second-st. Station.
We are in a healthy con
dition. and all trains will
depart on their regular
time, as follows:
IVlail, 6:13 a.m., dunda,. a,.
Day Ex., 9:13 a. m. j Sundays cx.
Jackson Ac., 4.T3 p. m.. d,“„.
Atlantic Ex., p- tu.,
night Ex., 9:13 p.m., Sunday er.
Pullman’s Palace Cars
ATTACHED TO ALL TRAINS.
Through Tickets, Sleep
ing Car Accommodations,
and Through Baggage
Checks can he obtained at
the Station.
HEHEY C. WENTWOBTH,
g. w. P. A.
H. E. BABGEHT. Gen’l Sup:
INSURANCE,
GENERAL
ImwApif
OF
ARTHUR C. DUCAT
192 West Madison-st.
CHICAGO, October 11, 1*
To my patrons and the public:
The losses of this Agency have been very h
but lam now confident we can pay cur p*
holders IN FULL. In any case, when wc L
the amount of oar liabilities, we will pay pro ra.
to the last dollar.
I ask for aid in good faith (which is tbe basis of
all our contracts) to arrive nt adjustments, and f.-i-i
assured of the generous courle.-y of my friends
and patrons.
I will make a true statement of the condition of
each company! represent at tbe earliest moment.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT,
103 West Madi.-on-«t
TYPE POUND HY.
CHICAGO
Type Foundry,
72 West WasMngton-st.
We desire to inform oar friends
that we arc located as abore, and
hare opened oar. office for imsinoss.
We are digging oar matrices from
the rains of oar late establishment.
One of oar firm has gone Cast for
stock and machinery, and iu a short
time we shall be prepared to fill all
orders. We ask our friends through
on. the Narthwest to staad by ns.
iMRDEIt, LISE 4. CO.
r i