TES IBIHCB OF WALES.
telligence from England concerning
r.oe of Wales renders it probable that,
his paper reaches its readers, he will
•asedto live. He was reported for
lays to be convalescent, but yester
;rions change took place, after which
;d so rapidly as to leave but little
it Edward, Prince of Wales and
Cornwall, is the eldest son of Queen
and of Prince Francis Albert of
iburg-GrOtba. He was bom on the 9th
mber, 1841, and entered upon his 31st
nonthago. The Prince has not at
much popularity. He was a man of
ability, though, in fact, ho has not
a position where he could have made
:ked exhibition of capacity. As the
:he Throne, ho has been practically
d from taking an active part in pou
ovas a member, but not the head,
loyal family, and he could not well
cs -with or against the Ministry with
coua,-t ;nc that hostility which in Eug-
P against any interference by
?n the c hth the prerogatives of the
Her only jnons. During the reign of his
lie, wasa/ J ero £tj ie jj onseo f Commons
c^ctv,°nsW' n ntrolling T and that of the
telligent a.ien proportionately dimin
be wondc
wliidi Bli'y, holding office at tlie will of
nounc& L hare become tlie true Execu
mnrdcr. IJnccn the nominal rnler.
When 1 without power personally, and,
perhaps, mo narch, being excluded
arrest was' ticipation in the government,
that could-ile, by any effort in any other
declared popularity. H© has been
of her fn* 3101-6 a society-man than
eon.” i and there hare been sharp
Satnrd <m alleged personal irregulari
?ollowSv- ot,gll K eneral perhaps, among
in relatior i an d associations, have been
and the p oecause of his elevated rank,
her time to field-sports, and
social circle in which ho was
of cd because of his rank, if not of his
1 I qualities. Ho was especially ol>-
i to those of his countrymen who are
.-serting that the time has come for
of monarchy.
edition to his other titles, the Prince
ated Earl of Chester Dec. 4, 1841, and
Dublin Sept. 10,1849.
xly, 1800, he visited Canada and the
States, passing through Chicago,
ae remained several days, and through
to, in October of the same year.
.pril, 1862, he visited Egypt and the
and; and again spent the time from
her, ISCS, to March, 1869, in Egypt and
ae. Ho had also frequently visited
i parts of Europe.
Prince of Wales was married, on tho
March, 1863, to the Princess Alexan
lughter of Christian IX., King of
rk. The children hem of this mar-
jjert Victor Christian Edward,
in. 8,18G4;
:orge Frederick Ernest Albert, bom
1S(S;
juiso Victoria Alexandra Dagtnar,
ib. 20,1807;
■ctoria Alexandra Olga Mary, bom
ISOS.
aude Charlotte Mary Victoria, bom
isco.
-Idest of these children. Prince Albert
Christian Edward, succeeds his father
ieir apparent. He wants one month
g S j'ears of age. Should he die before
imlmother, the Queen, his brother,
Frederick Ernest, now over C years
Übe next in line. His three sisters
iberit the succession in the order of
>irth, should both sons die without
■n. There being five immediate de
nts of the Prince of Wales, it is not
that either of his brothers will be
to the Throne.
Princess of Wales, Alexandra, was
ec. 1,1544, and is the eldest daughter
King of Denmark, sister of the King
jee, and sister to the wife of the
Duke Alexander, heir presumptive of
3wn of Russia.
itle of Prince of Wales was created
L2S4, when the Principality of Wales
Included in the Kingdom, and
be conferred on the 'first-horn son of
ig of England; aud it is a remarkable
history that, of the Royal persons
.vc borne the title, comparatively few
uccecded to the throne.
i Edward VL, eon of Henry YIIL, tho
*rsous hearing the title of Prince of
who have succeeded to the English
were George 11. and George XV.
present reigning family of England
ts connection with the ancient mon
}f England through Elizabeth, dangh
James I. of England (Stuart), who, in
larried Frederick V., the Elector Pala-
Her daughter, Sophia, married Ernest
tns, Elector of Hanover. Upon
;ailnre of descent in the direct
the Protestant children of James 11.,
iccession, hy act of Parliament, was
.in the descendants of Elizabeth who
Protestants. 'When Anne died, in 1714,
a I. of Hanover, son of Sophia, became
jf Great .Britain. The sovereigns of
amily have been George 1., George 11.,
3 HI., George IV., William IV., and
V;* HI. was the first of the
bom in England.
present Majesty was the only child of
rd, Duke of Kent, fourth son of George
?he was bom May 24,1519. She became
_ a June 20,1837; was crowned June 28,
nax. nd was married Feb. 10, IS4O. The
-Consort died Dec. 14,1801.
POLITICAL,
iliUl,
the cri
lie? w Blair nd aia
c j- PaHßiriHin.
Bpedal Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
•v VoitK.Dec. B.—Montgomery Blair’s letter
World, advocating passivism for the Dcm
y docs not meet with favor from prominent
KTsorthe rank and file of the party here,
declares that the Democracy cannot sue
on any platform, andjafter enlarging on the
.u>le condition of the conquered Southerners,
ging their supreme hnmilation and oppression
"_.v net-baggers of the North, he says their
~'in is entirely hopeless. The Missouri plan
11 relieve the South at once. No well-informed
will pretend that the Democrats have any
I prospect of carrying the election next year.
it adds: 44 But if the Democratic party, by
.-ing to nominate, will loosen tbo bonds
die Radical organization, and the Liberal
meat within it, and allow the leaders of that
nut to organize an independent Northern
y to oppose the further progress of radical
ei.d restore the civil rights of the people,
r cau muster force enough, with the support
u* Democracy, to put an end to military dos
•m. As in Missouri, the mere organization of
a party will shock the country; but till tbe
ocracy declares its purpose to return, notb
•an be done towards forming the new organ
on. The retirement of the Democracy is,
ifore, the first step, and it must be promptly
nto be effective. Till then it will not be
vn who among the liberals will
r into that organization. Nothing can be
for the cause of good government by Imme
e action, If the Democratic party delay it
only eotac the purposes of its enemies. To
'orth anything as an ally, it is indispensable
the Democracy should main
its organization. Tho motives of the
locracy must be put beyond question,
them surrender tbe spoils of victory to those
icir opponents, whose aid they solicit.
Ie World opposes possirism. It has no faitn
and advocates a liberal progressive policy,
1 declares this Will be supported by the great
onty «f the Democratic party.
H'oie ef Alarm from the lowa J>em*
ecracy.
»wa Cnr. lowa, Dec. B.—The Evening Press,
an of the Chairman of the Democratic State
itral Committee of lowa, to-night publishes
following address, which is intended as a
oh to the disorganizing course of some indi
■ual members of the party.
he Democracy of loica
-nee the elections of October, several indi
nal members of the Democratic part}’, some
r hem notably associated with its history in the
r of its power, when place and •■fßcc were in
gilt, have tahen occasion to announce
the same time their promt*
ice to councils and their
|Bent desire for its dissolution. A few citizens
lowa are of the number who have thus de
red their lach of faith in the future of the
through disorganization,
unite with disaffected Republicans who are
>of from both parties. lajsi the silence of the
nstituted authorities of the Democratic party
lowa should go forth to the Union us aenuies
ice iu these various propositions f OP the surren
rr of the fortress so long defended, and so well
is deemed proper to announce that tho organ
.zed Democracy of lowa, which, iu the election
of the current year has gained m the popular vote
in one-half of the counties in the state, and
which, in the face of the most stubborn effort
made by tbe opposition for years, has nearly
doubled its previous representation in the Gen
eral Assembly, permits uo thought of disorgani
zation to disturb its councils. Formed by deser
tion, united by trial, and earnest for the right, it
will appear by its delegates In the National Con
vention of the coming year, to support whatever
just conclusions may he reached by authoritative
deliberation. _ _ _
(Signed) John P. IRISH, Chairman,
For the Democratic Central Committee of lowa
®h e#
YOLTJME 25.
STATE LEGISLATURE.
Passage of the Chicago Land
Condemnation Bill in
the House.
Lengthy Dehate in the Honse
on the Eeyenne Bill.
The State Officers’ Salary Bill Passed
in the Senate>
Adverse Report from the House
Committee on the Senate
Insurance Bill.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
FKES A>D SALARIES.
Springfield, Deo. B.—The House Committee
on Fees and Salaries net lost night, and.
following in the woke of the Senate, de
cided to divide counties into three classes—all
under 29,C00, between 20,000 and 70,000, and over
70,000. A minority report Trill be submitted, how
ever, providing for one scale of fees all over the 1
State. They meet to-night to decide upon the
fees. The Senate Committee 'worked last night
on the fees of Justices of the Peace. Both com
mittees will agree, doubtless, to allow a person
who has been charged an Illegal fee to
bring action before a Justice of the Peace
and to recover to the amount of about $lO
insurance.
The House Insurance Committee mot yester
day evening,anddecided to report adversely on the
Senate bill. Tanking the reports of the Auditor,
relative to insurance companies, prima facie evi
dence in courts. They also decided to fix the paid
up capital of city insurance companies at $200,000
instead of $160,000, os the bill originally provided,
and to prohibit the carrying on of business by
mutual, fire, or marine insurance companies. An
effort will bo made in the committee to abolish
the provision requiring fofeign companies to
make deposits; and also to do away with the
whole system of State supervision.
CHICAGO CUSTOM HOUSE LAM).
This morning the House passed, by a decided
vote. Mr. Phelps* bill giving the General Govern,
ment power to purchase and condemn lands, and
there is no reason why it should not pass the
Senate next week.
(the revenue bill.
The entire time of the House, this morning was
consumed in consideration of one point, in the
revenue bills. Many of those who spoke favored
a deduction of bona fide debts in listing land, and
submitted various schemes by which the owner
should pay a tax on the value of land above in
cumbrances, and the men to whom he owed
money on mortgage or otherwise, should pay the
tax on their proportionate interests, andtnisidea,
filled with Inconvenience, and productive of extra
labor, was advocated because it would relieve the
poor man who had not paid for his farm from
paying the same tax os the rich man who
paid his debts, and taking it for granted that the
poor man could borrow money to buy land with
at just the same rate of interest, whether ho
paid taxes or whether the money-lender was to
pay them. If all the measures which several
members of the General Assembly have suggest
ed for the special benefit of the poor man were
enacted into laws it would be advisable for the
Joor man to leave Illinois. Others wanted no do
uction of debts in listing anything. They be
lieve that the passage of a piece of property
through half a dozen hands, each
person giving his note for it, creates
about eight times as much property as there was
before, every transfer creating much wealth. A
very few held to the doctrine of the bill, which
is perfectly correct, which takes laud, goods,and
all tangible personal property at its full value,
but allows a merchant to offset the sum due
him from a farmer for goods by his indebtedness
to the manufacturer for those goods. On the
whole it is safe to say that neither farmers nor
lawyers are fit persons to decide on principles of
a revenue bill, and it is only the business men in
the House who have any clear ideas on
the subject. AH a farmer aimsjat Is to tax money
lenders, and when a lawyer has found a decision
ot some court approving of double or treble taxa
tion that satisfied him. Were the bankers in the
House to draw up the bill, it would be better for
the farmers than any one the latter class could
devise. Speaker Smith objected to Section 10
since it was for the advantage of bankers,
whereas, it is far more lor the advantage of those
who borrow from him, who are saved the extra
tax and the bankers’ profit on that tax.
After a long discussion, developing the
astonishing ideas of some members on
the subject under consideration, various amend
ments! in regard to listing realty were voted
down, and the House, animated by a desire to
wipe out whot they considered unjust discrimi
nation in favor of bankers, struck out that pro
vision that, in listing moneys and credits, persons
may deduct bona fide debts, and then adjourned,
thinking they had done something, whereas every
business man, unless very conscientious, will
par no attention to the bill, and so it docs not
make much difference. Really, the serious ques
tion is as to the effect of the railroad grab law of
iB6O in case property is assessed at full value, and
there seems no absolute certainty as to what that
effect will be.
STATE OFFICERS’ SALARIES.
The Senate spent all the forenoon on the bill to
fix tho pay of state officers, and finally decided to
give the Governor $6,000, and other officers $3,000
each. Quit© a number of members of both
Houses will be absent to-morrow and very little
will be done.
I/EGIBLATITE
SENATE.
Springfield, Dec. 8.
ABSENTEES.
The Senate met at 10 a. m. Absentees, Epler,
McNulta, and Voris.
SALARIES OF STATE OFFICERS.
Senate Bill 307, to fix the salaries of State offi
cers, was taken up as tho special order.
Mr. TINCHEB moved to amend by striking
out $4,000 for the Superintendent of Public In
struction, and Insert $2,000. A
Mr. STABNE advocated the amount stated in
the bill, and said that the present incumbent of
the office of Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion performed more labor and worked more
hours in a day than any other State officer- Ho
wanted the salaries to be equal, and opposed
any discrimination as unjust.
Mr- TINCHER. in reply, stated that $2,000 was
ample compensation; that the present system of
free schools had been worked up by State and
County Superintendents to an altitude never in
tended by the originators thereof.
Mr. KERR opposed the principle of paying of
ficers according to the amount of labor to be per
formed, and moved to amend by inserting $2,500
in place of $4,000. which Mr. Tlncher accepted.
Mr. STBEVELL remarked that if he was to at
tempt cutting down salaries, the office in question
would be tho last he would touch.
Mr. WOODARD argued that the duties of the
Superintendent of Public Instruction were of a
higher character than any other officer—they did
not represent dollars and cents, bat the heart,
mind and Intelligence of the State, which gave
the State a greater reputation than more finan
cial management. Ho denied that tho school
system was defective, but tbo foremost In the
United States.
Mr. WHITING characterized the amendment
as an attack on the free school system, and not
on the Superintendent.
Messrs.FLAGG, HUNTER, CARTER, and
CRAWFORD opposed tho amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN argued that low salaries were
an inducement to official dishonesty.
Mr. UNDERWOOD replied by citmgthe salaries
of 1847, and tbo actions of Legislatures relating
to of the Governor and Supreme
J wffIANDRIGAN favored the amendment.
Mr. CRWFORD closed tho long debate by de
fending the report of the committee in an argu
ment sound and conclusive.
Mr. Kerr’s amendment was lost—yeas, 18 j nays,
2C jlr. PIERCE moved to amend the bill by strik
ing out 14,000 tor the Secretary of State, Auditor,
Treasurer, and Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion, and inserting $3,000. Carried—yeas, 31;
Sir! VAN DORSTON moved to amend the bill
by striking out $1,500 to the Adjutant Genera!,
and Inserting SI,OOO.
Mr. LANGLEY -was in favor of paying suitable
compensation to the Adjutant General or abolish
the ofilco entirely.
Mr. VAN DORSTON stated that the talk of the
duties of the Adjutant General was more non
sense; that he hud no duties to perform.
The amendment was adopted—yeas, 32; nays, 13.
Mr. ANDERSON moved to amend by striking
out $3,900 to the Attorney General, and inserting
$2,500. Lost—yeas, 1C; nays. 20.
Mr. LANDRIGAN moved to amend by striking
out $3,000 and inserting $2,000.
The vote stood—yeas, 22; nays, 22. The Presi
dent voted no, and the amendment -was lost.
Mr KERR moved to strike out IG.ooo as the
salary of the Governor, and insert is.ooe, and
stated in defence of the motion that the Governor
received $1,500 as Trustee of the Illinois Central
Railroad Lands, haring been appointed to that
position by Governor Oglesby.
P The amendment was lost-yeas, 10; nays. 31.
In the afternoon the consideration of the Salary
r^PIERCE rnov e d to strike outs3,ooo as the
oatoV of the Attorney General and insert W,«oO.
ordered to
a UiJrdreadJng. OP common pleas.
The snocial order, being the act to renealthe
he recommit the bill to tlie Committee
on Finanre. in which he laned.
Tho bill was lost—yeas,
Mr. ALEXANDER moved a reconsmeratmn,
which was carried, and the bill passed y
nays, 2.
COMMITTEE REPORTS.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on tlie ju
dlciary, reported a bill relating to administrators
C Mr. HAMPTON, from the on Do
mestic Relations, rei>orted back the House mu re
latlng to the appointment of guardians oEnaDini
al drunkards, recommending its passage .also
Senate bill 298, to prevent tke oyUB resulting
from the use of Intoxicating llquohT, w
ments, which ■were concurred in.
COUBT BBCOBDS.
Mr. JEWETT introduced a bill to
records which may be lost or destrf
PBNDBMCT OP SUITS.
Mr. FULLER, from the Commit?
dietary, reported bach the bill rei
of nendenoy of suits, ■which was
SOKVBT OP TOW2IS/
Mr. NICHOLSON introduced
for the permanent surrey of to
KOJLDS AMD BBXDOKb.
Mr. VAUGHN Introduced a bill i v
roads and bridges.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
IHBDRAKCE BILL.
Mr. EGAN, from the Committee on Insurance,
reported bach adversely the Senate bill making
the report or the Auditor prima facie evidence in
ragara to insurance companies.
The bill was laid on the table.
THE rEMIXEMTIABT.
Mr. MERRITT presented a resolution instruct
ing the Penitentiary Committee to investigate the
recent lotting of toe convict labor, and it was
adopted.
LIND CONDEMNATION DILL.
The bill granting the General Government
tower to purchase or condemn land was read the
*hird time, and passed—yeas, 138; nays, 4-
Meears. Cummings, Cunningham, Mauley, and
kelson.
The bill is as follows:
A bill for on act to code Jurisdiction to the
United States over certain land, and for the
purchase and condemnation thereof.
section 1. lie it enacted by the People of the
State of Illinois, represented in the General Assem
bly, That the United States shall have power to
Eurchase or condemn, in tho manner prescribed
v law, upon making Just compensation therefor,
any land In the State of Illinois required for
Custom Houses, arsenals, lighthouses, national
cemeteries, or for other purposes of the govern*
ment of the United States.
Sko. 2. The United States may enter upon and
occupy any land which may have boon or may
be purchased or condemned or otherwise ac
quired, and shall have the right of exclusive
legislation and concurrent jurisdiction, together
with the State of Illinois, over such land and the
structures thereon, and shall hold the same ex
empt from all State, county, and municipal tax
ation.
Sec. 3. ‘Whereas, by the burning of the United
States Post Office, Customs House, and United
States Court rooms, In the city of Chicago, an
emergency exists requiring this act to take effect
immediately, therefore this act shall take effect
from and alter its passage.
APPHOPRIXTION BILL.
The bill appropriating $65,000 for the north
wing of the Southern Insane Asylum, at Anna,
was passed—yeas, 127; nays, 9.
REVENUE BILL. _
The House "went into Committee of the Whole
on the Revenue bill, and toot up Sections 10 and
4, -which provide for listing moneys and credits,
and real and personal property,the pending ques
tion being Mr. Daniels’ amendment, to allow the
owner of real property to deduct his bona fide In
debtedness, as is allowed in the case of moneys
a *Mr. r BHOBT pointed out the impolicy of the
amendment. The Revenue Committee had de
cided that they could approach the nearest to
Justice and yet get revenue by the bill aa it was,
and it was also questionable whether they could
legally make the deduction:
Mr. BICE, of Peoria, wantcd.to know if they
could not provide for the owner of encum
bered realty paying the taxes, and then credit
ing them on his mortgage or notes.
Mr. SHORT thought nothing was gained by it.
except interfering in the bargain between buyer
and seller. By the deduction at bona fide debts
in moneys and credits they had done as much as
they could to avoid double taxation.
Mr. CUMMINGS said they had decided to tax
all property according to its value, and, there
fore, they must assess all property wherever it
was found- By adopting IMr. Daniels' amend
ment they offered a premium for indebtedness
and corruption and put the tax on the honest
men. Dishonest men would pile up their debts.
He also wanted to strike out the permission to
deduct from moneys and credits bona lido debts,
because it was a premium for men to run Into
debt. All notes, bonds, credits, mortgages, &0.,
were liable for taxation, for they became property.
Mr. FLEHARTY offered a substitute, provid
ing for deduction from the value of the land, and
the taxation of note or mortgage. Mr. Springer
offered a substitute for the entire section, pro
viding also for the deduction of the incumbrance,
and its taxationin thocoimty where hold, of those
liens being deducted which were properly re
corded.
Mr. SPRINGER declared his adhesion to the
general principle of Mr. Daniels’ amendment.
After explaining the system of taxation of the
General Government, ho went to that of the
State of Illinois, and expressed himself as op
posea to taxing property which did not exist,
and to people’s paying taxes on what they owed.
To borrow SI,OOO was not to create another SI,OOO.
Wherever they attempted to tax the mortgage,
it was not the mortgage-holder, but the land
holder, who paid it. He was opposed to allowing
deductions on moneys and credits, and notion
the realty. What they wanted to do was to
make capital pay its share, but at present they
were taxing one hundred millions of fictitious
values in Illinois. _ o t
Mr. RICE, of Peona, opposed Mr. Springers
amendment, since the tax would, to a certain ex
tent, be paid, not in the counties where the land
was, but where tho incumbrances wore held.
Mr. SPRINGER explained.
Mr. RYAN thought they must be uniform. If
they deduct on credits, they deduct
Ol Mrfs<l’OßT again explained that no deductions
were allowed on any tangible property, on realty,
goods, or stock, simply tangible property.
Mr. RYAN claimed that Section 10 could be 90
construed as to Include chattel property. Tho
system of taxation in the bill was unjust.
Mr. PIIHLPS believed that the theory that only
tangible property should pay a tax was unconsti
tutional, whereas property had been decided by
tho Supremo Court of Illinois to cover aU notes,
bills, credits, etc.; therefore they must tax every
thing without deduction, and ho was m favor of
striking out the exemption in tho tenth section.
Mr. FREW wanted all kinds of indebtedness
deducted from all kinds of property.
Tho committee rose.
CHICAGO REFORM SCHOOL.
At the afternoon session a hill was offered to
transfer the boys at the Chicago Reform School
to Pontiac, and defray the expenses.
APPORTIONMENT.
Mr. PHELPS introduced another bill to appor
tion the Slate.
REVENUE BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed consid
eration of tho Revenue bill.
Mr. SHAW said that Sections 4 and 10 wore in
consistent. He was in favor of no deductions
whatever. To allow deductions on real estate
would lower the revenues of the State, for many
mortgages, &c., were held outside of tho State.
Nor did he want to tax foreign capital, for the
tax camo on the borrower. He was opposed to
taxing real estate at Its full value, since in many
counties tho increase in valuation would bo swal
lowed up by railroad Indebtedness, and other
counties would have to bear tbo entire burden.
He wanted no reduction of moneys and credits,
since it would lead to the exemption of half of tho
personal property, or it was giving advantage
to one profession over another, or one class
of property over another; while he was not cer
tain as to the wisdom of taxing personal property
at all, they must tax it equally. Tho section, as
it was. was for tho benefit of bankers and brokers.
Speaker SMITH spoke in opposition to Section
10, claiming it was better to bo a banker than a
m Mr. U NEiSON favored the Idea of allowing de
ductions on real estate. He thought the deduc
tion for moneys and credits was fair. He was op
posed to double taxation in every firm, and did
not believe in calling property that which was
simply evidence of indebtedness. The tax would
ultimately come on the land. A man should be
taxed only to the extent of his interest in land,
and it was feasible to collect on a part which was
mortgaged, whether tho mortgage was held in
tho State or not, for the land' could be sold for
failure to pay on tho part of the occupant of the
la Sb opposed deductions on re
alty, since they could get no taxet, especially on
the burnt district in Chicago, and opposed any
dcductionsatali,and he did not boifove there
would bo any double taxation, for some one
would be sure not to pay.
Mr. WAITE called attention to the prosperity
of States where they taxed only realty, and had
certain license charges. Ho was opposed to de
ducting debts on realty, since it would withdraw
one hundred millions from taxation in Illinois.
He favored a deduction of debts in listing credits
and gave his reasons therefor.
Mr. CUNNINGHAM: opposed Mr. Daniel’s
amendment to Section 4, ana favored eection lO
as it was proposed to amend it, allowing no de
ductions. Men who used land should pay taxes,
and to allow deductions on it deprived them of
revenue.
Mr. Fleharty’a substitute for Mr. Daniels
amendment was defeated.
Mr. Daniels’ amendment was lost—ay es, 23;
noes not counted.
Mr. STEWART moved to amend Section 4 so as
to list property at cash instead of true value.
The next amendment waa to Section 10 to re
fuse to allow deductions of debts In listing
moneys and credits.
Sir. HAINES opposed the amendment. The
law had been as the bill was for yeas, and had
caused no hardship, and hence there was no r ju-
S the law should be changed,
since*money-lenders contrived to get up a sot, off,
and so did people in the stock trade.
Mr. SHORT called attention to eeco
said. The committcehad changed old laws so as
not to allow of a deduction on chattel rfpperty-
Mr. TAYLOR moved to strike out all of Sec
♦!ati io relative to listing money and credits.
V MrS of Cook, Mr. Cammlnga’
amendmentasdidMr. ARMSTRONG.
Mr. TAYLOR said be moved to strike out the
entire section, since It was superfluous, if Mr.
Cummingh f amendment was adopted.
Mr. SHORT said they had better strike it au
out if Mr Taylor’s amendment was lost.
Mr. HAINES said they were about to voto on
an amendment with sole reference to bankers,
’SgffcSSSHSg?
“m£S?EINGE^ T o°fferel another amcadment to
Section 4, providing for allowing deduction for
debts on realty.
Mr. SHORT offered an amendment to tne
amendment appropriating *500,000 yearly to pay
the expenses of such system oj. assessment.
Lost.
Mr. Springer’s amendment was lost.
Mr. CARPENTER, of Kune, offered an amend
ment that any Assessor not listing property at
the full cash value bo liable to punishment by
fine. Lost.
Sections 4 and xo were adopted.
The committee rose.
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL
was made the special order for Tuesday morula;
Adjourned.
War Department Weather Prognostics.
Washington, Doc. B.—A rising barometer and
falling temperature will probably prevail on Sat
urday on the middle and eastern Atlantic. Brisk
northwesterly wind! for a abort time only on the
?oaat. Westerly winds veering to southwest on
tho upper lakes. Southerly wltteloady
imd threatening weather on the Gulf coast.
Cautionary signals continue at Oswego, Roch
ester Buffalo, and Cleveland and are ordered for
SreveXg at Now York, Baltimore, Cape May,
and Norfolk.
i
o\
iATURDAY, DECEMBER 9. ÜBTL
\ri

iiNGTON.
,anks Delivered for Use
iieago Custom House.
ian Movement for a
/ough. Inspection of
.Treasury Accounts.
Outline of Sumner’s Bill to Abol
ish the Internal Revenue
Bureau.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
TREASURY ACCOUNTS TO BE INVESTIGATED.
Washington, Doo. B.—Those Democrats who
proposed to make some party capital from the
bill which they are now preparing,relative to em
bezzlements and defalcations in the public ser
vice, will bo anticipated by Mr. Lynch, of Missou
ri. This gentleman had an interview with Gen
eral Spinner to-day, and Informed him that he
would offer a resolution In the House next Mon
day calling for a thorough examination and re
port concerning the accounts of tho Treasury De
partment, and all oflloera who disburse public
moneys. In this connection. It may be
stated that Martin and Johnson, whose
defalcations were made public yesterday, have
made a full confession of their guilt. Stock specu
lations and extravagant families are tho only
thing they plead in extenuation. Neither have
any property, and tho loss, which amounts to
about seventy thousand dollars, will fall entirely
on General Spinner.
BUMNEB’B BILL TO ABOLISH THE INTERNAL REVJ3-
NUB BUREAU.
Mr. Sumner has Ills bill for a reduction of tax
ation and abolition of the Internal Revenue
Bureau prepared, and ■will offer it in tbe Senate
on Monday. It provides for a stamp tax of
75 cents per gallon on whiskey, the reduc
tion to take place July 1, 1872. The
Internal Revenue Bureau is to bo abolished,
September 1,1872. He selects the latter time be
cause that it will be exactly ten years since the
bureau first went into operation with BontwcU
at its head. Hr. Sumner has had some talk with
Senators about this measure, and feels assured
that it will be favorably received.
TUB TOBACCO MEN.
The Committee on Ways and Means gave two
hours’ audience to tho tobacco men to-day, and
promise the same favor for next week.
committed to jail.
Johnson, the defaulting Treasury clerk, was
arrested to-night and committed to jail in default
of $50,000 bail.
THE WOMAN’S SLTFJIAGE CONVENTION,
(admission 25 cents) met here to-night. Mr. and
Mrs. Lucy Stone, Julia Ward Howe, and other
associates have charge. Woodhull is here, as he
expresses it, waiting to bo attached. The con
vention has decided to confine Its present action
to requesting Congress to grant suffrage in the
Dlstrist of Columbia and Territories.
JOINT HIGH COMMISSION.
The expenses of tho Joint High Commission
were SIB,OOO.
fTo the Associated Press.]
TOBACCO CONVENTION.
Washington, Dec. 7. —In the Tobacco Conven
tion, to-day, u resolution was adopted favoring a
uniform tax on all grades of manufactured to
bacco of sixteen cents per pound. A resolution
was also adopted favoring tho continuation of
tho bonded warehouse system, in opposition to
the recommendation of Commissioner Douglass,
who desires to use the old drawback system.
FISH.
A despatch to the New York Times says:
Fish’s resignation was placed in the hands of
the President on Tuesday.”
STATE DEPARTMENT CONTINGENT FUND.
The letter from Secretary Fish, sent to Con
trress. showing the payments made from the con
tingent fund includes an item of SIB,OOO on ac
count of the American and British Joint High
Commission, and also the expenditure of $29.00p
out of the Secret Service fund, with the Presi
dent’s approval.
POSTAL CONVENTION.
A postal convention lias been concluded with
Ecuador, going Into effect immediately, letter
postage to be twenty cents per half ounce.
A postal convention, establishing and regulat
ing the exchange of correspondence between tho
United Stales and Denmark, has been concluded,
and It will be carried into operation on tho Ist of
January next. It provides for a direct exchange
of closed mails by steamer between tho two
countries and also by tho Hamburg Bremen
lino, embracing letters, newspapers, books, pat
terns and samples of merchandise. Tho ram or
prepaid letter postage is fixed at 7 cents per halt
ounce, but unpaid or insulliclcntly paid letters
■will bo forwarded charged with univald or defi
cient postage in addition to which a fine of 4
cents will bo collected on delivery.
The Register of tho Treasury has furnished to
the Collector of Customs at Chicago a complete
set of hooks and blanks for tho reorganization of
the marine accounts of his office; also, a copy of
the tonnage accounts of that port, and a complete
list of vessels hailing from Chicago, showing the
date of tho lost document issued to each vessel.
Copies of murine documents, issued before tho
lire, will be furnished by the Register upon
reaulsltlons made by interested parties.
EXAMINATION OF REDEEMED BONDS.
A committee of experts and engravers have
been at work examining the purchased,redeemed,
and exchanged bonds with a view to ascertain it
any spurious bonds have been redeemed by the
government, but they have not found any such
bonds. _
In pursuance of orders received tho upper por
tion of each bond containing number and denomi
nation thereof, is now retained in this office, tho
remainder being destroyd.
THE TOBACCO TAX.
Mr. Spence, of Cincinnati, to-day argued before
tho Committee of Ways and Means in favor of a
tfiT of Ifl cents on all kinds of tobacco and snuff.
ANOTHER BTORT.
The President to-day said to a prominent mem
ber of the Senate that ho was almost certain that
Mr Fish would remain in tho Cabinet in accor
dance with his own wishes and those expressed
in the note to him signed by members of the Sen
ate.
MBS. WHABTON.
Pro&ress of Her Trial for the ITlardcr of
General Kcichum—Testimony of the At
tending Physician.
Ankapolis, Md., Dec. T.—The first -witness
called In the Wharton murder ease, yesterday,
•was hire. Hulton. She detailed the circumstances
connected -with Mrs. Wharton’s making a milk
punch, of which Van Ness partook, and in which
a sediment of tartar-emetic was found.
Dr. Williams, who attended General Kotchum
during his sickness, testified to the facts con
nected with his illness, and stated that Mrs Hul
ton gave him a botto when he entered the house,
which Mrs. Wlmrton said was found in
Kctchnm’s bed- This bottle, the doctor thought,
contained laudanum. Sirs. Wharton was
anxious that this .act should not
ho made known, fearing that it might
give rise to on Impression that the General had
administered laudanum to himself. The doctor
told Mrs. 'Wharton that he was glad to find this
bottle, as it might explain the condition In which
he found the General, and for another reason. If
he had taken nothing else ho might recover, as
there was no evidence of a dangerous amount of
opium having been taken. Being puzzled about
the General’s condition, the witness remarked to
Mrs. Hulton, I fear that tho General has been
poisoned.” Tho witness then went out of tho
room, to see Mrs. Laney, who produced a tum
bler from her pocket and asked him whatit con
tained. Ho took out his knife and put a small
nuantity of the sediment on his tongue,
pressing it against the root of hla
mouth. There was a strong metallic 1
taste, so strong that tho taste remained in
his mouth until his dinner, which was about 5
o’clock. Being convinced by the tasto that the
deposit contained a metallic poison, he returned
to tho General’s room with his doubts changed to
a conviction that ho had been poisoned- The
General was now growing rapidly r worae. and the
witness left tho room to notify Mrs. W barton of
the General's impending death. After doing so
ho was returning to his room, when ho mot some
one coming down, and asked him how tho Goncril
was, and was answered that “he is dead.” The
witness then detailed his examining the panta
loons androatofKetchum.tindlnghlspooketbook,
watch, knife, and other small articles, and his
riving them to Mrs. Hulton. Ho did not find
or examine a vest. The post mortem examination
failed to discover anything in thebrain that would
accountfor his death. He then applied a ligature
above and below tbe stomach, and removed that
organ and its contents, but found nothing note
worthy. The points of congestion in the heart
and lungs were not examined. Then tho stomach
was placed in a glass jar and taken to Professor
Aiken. Some lime subsequent and after tho
grand jury had indicted Mrs. Wharton, they went
to Washington, exhumed the body of Ketchum,
and examined his heart and longs, which they
found healthy.
The court adjourned.
Annapolis, Dee. B.—Tho trial of Mrs. Wharton
was resumed this morning. Dr. Williams on the
stand, testified that in all his visits he saw no in
dications of a fatal dose of laudanum. Any dose
of tartar-emetic, beyond five or six grains, would
be dangerous, when a person Is not in the habit
of taking it. In Ketchum's case, there were no
indications of taking it. No overdose of Jessa
mine was prescribed by witness. He was greatly
surprised when Mrs. Wharton told
him the patient became -worse after
taking tbe second doso of jessamine,
particularly after tbe soothing effect of the first
If tbe General bad taken the contents of the bot
tle banded witness on Tuesday he would have
been dead, or hopelessly ill. by 3 o'clock the next
day. Tbe symptoms before death, and the devel
opments after It, were a consistent theory of pol
sonby tartar emetic. In his opinion eighty drops
of yellow jessamine would not produce death.
The direct examination here ended, and cross-
CX WitiiePS Tvas°mb)ect<fd to a rigid cross-examin
ation HlJanawers accorded fully with the state
mints made on direct examination. In answer
to S Question, witness stated that when ho gave
the General a doso of chloral, ho supposed him to
be dying.
Dr C. L. Chew, sworn: He substantiated the
RtfitMnpnt* Dr W’Uilams made yesterday in re*
SSStothl auMpiFSnd its rosufts.. Taking Dr.
Williams’ testimony, together with hifl ovfßOhset*
ration a at the pott Iniorffm examination, lie was
of the opinion, unit KetoLnm did not die of natu
ral causes.
Adjourned-
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune,
GOLD.
New York, Dec. S.—The advices from London
that the Prince of Wales had had a relapao, and
that, In anticipation of his death, the London
market for securities had been thrown into a con
dition of semi-panic, affected the gold market and
sent the premium up to lio 1-4. The scenes of
excitement usual when gold moves with activity
prevailed in the room. The opening
price was 109 5-8, and at the close
tho price was 110 strong. The rates for carrying
were 0,6,61-2,51-2, and 7 per cent. The dealings
were quite large to-day, particularly at the low
figures, and brokers were very well satisfied
with the day's work, which gave them a clear
profit of 7-8 per cent since morning.
GOVERNMENT BONDS
wero strong, notwithstanding tho decline
in London. Tho notice of the
Secretary that 120,000,000 of 6-20s will
be redeemed three months hence, additional to
tho recent redemptions, is calculated to keep the
market strong- Tho Assistant Treasurer to-day
cashed $1,000,000 of gold checks issued for the re
demption of 5-20s. This raises tho total disburse
ments to $14,200,000. Central Facificfbonds closed at
103 3-8 to 1031-2; Unions at 913-8 to?Jl 1-2 for firsts;
78*1-4 to 78 3-4 for land grants 81 to 811-2 for in
comes, and 27 3-8 to 271-2 for stock.
Tbo money market is in tbo hands of cliques, as
was clearly demonstrated yesterday. After
money had been made so tight that 1-32 was paid
on such collateral as Lake Shore, tho rate was
dropped to 2 per cent. This morning the pressure
was renewed, and tho rate marked up to 7 per
cent, gold, on stock collaterals. But thq market
became easy before the close of bank hours, and
locus were made to tho stock-brokers at 3*6 per
cent.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE
was weak, and tbo closing quotation was 108 7-8
to 109 for prime banker’s 60-days sterling.
TUB STOCK MABKET
Tvas variable, but closed strong. Lake Shore,
Chios, Reading, Rock Island, and Erie were
the features, and appear to have been se
lected with the special view of concentration,
in the hope that the rest of tho active list
would follow them in the upward turn. In
this they were not dioppointed. At tho close the
market was slightly off from the highest points of
tho day, but firm.
The flour market was quiet, but closed strong
er for all tho Western spring wheat extras. Most
holders decline to yield to sell freely. Wheat was
steady for moat kinds. Holders were very Indif
ferent about selling. The advance in gold, and
the heaviness of freights contributed to tho bet
ter tone. Corn was llrmly held, though not ac
tive, The demand was for export and the trade.
[To the Associated Press,]
COMPARATIVE COTTON STATEMENT.
New Yokk, Deo. B.—Total receipts from Sept 1,
1870,1,184,769 bales; same time this year, 1,003,893;
total exports from. Sopt. 1, 1870, 617,603; same
time this year, 471,105; stock at all United States
iorts last year, 430,636; this year, 406,230; at all
hterlor towns last year. 95.636; this year, 67,375;
at Liverpool last year, 319,000; this yoar r 445,000;
American cotton, afloat for Great Britain last
year, 178,600; this year, 174,000.
GRAND JURY INVESTIGATION.
Several employes of the Comptroller’s office-arc
being examined by the grand jury relative to
ring frauds.
WORKINGMEN’S PARADE.
An address appears to day to workingmen to
join the parade on Sunday la honor of the Com
munists, Russel and others, of Paris.
ESTIMATES CALLED FOE.
The Comptroller this morning issued a circular
to heads of nil departments of tho city and coun
ty governments requesting them to fur
nish detailed estimates ©f the sums
required for the etticient maintenance of tho
several departments for tho ensuing year. In
tho estimates they arc directed to detail the names
and residences of employes, with their salaries
and tho duties of each, and a reference to tho law
or ordinance delining their duties or fixing, their
salaries.
ia decreasing. Only three cases and ono death
are reported from noon on Thursday to tho eamo
hour to-day.
Tom Fields, to-day, got an adjournment of the
time for justification of sureties on his ball to
Friday next.
CANAL EMBARGO.
Four hundred and liftycanal boats are still
frozen in on the Hudson Biver and Erie Canal.
Borne few boats, it is thought, may he able to
force their way through, hut by far the greater
number,-with cargoes valued at 11,000.000- will
have to remain Ice-bound during the entire win
ter.
Edward Hagan testified in tlie Irving trial, yes
terday, aa follows: "I have no occupation- at
present. Year before last, at New Year’s, I drew
ii salary of si,coo a year from the Comptroller's
olllco. I received tills for dolngnotliing. I have
been doing nothing over since.”
wanted their pat.
Yesterday a pang, of •workmen- from. Tweed’s
department, that of Public Works, visited the
Comptroller's oflice, and- threatened the Comp
troller with violence, If their claims were not
paid.
The etcamshipa Denmark and Halifax, from
Liverpool, have arrived.
GERMAN IMMIGRATION.
The Directors of the German Immigratioii'So
clety report that, during the past month, 9.280
German Immigrants landed In Jiew York—an
increase of 3,000, as compared with same month
lust year.
BROOKLYN ELECTIONS.
From the investigation of tbo Brooklyn election
frauds. It appears that 500 votes were inserted in
the returns of one district' before the rolls were
really opened.
HONORS TO GREELET.
Tho Union Republican General Committee, last
evenln", unanimously passed a resolution compli
mentary of its Chairman* Horaeo.Greeley.
MAYOR HALL’S EXPULSION.
The motion for the expulsion of Mayor Hall
from tho Union Club, by the committee having
the matter In charge, was cabled by a vote of 9
to 9. A full meeting of the Club will hereafter
decide upon the question. It Is understood that
there is a strong feeling against tho Mayor in
other prominent clubs of which ho is a member.
BIBLE REVISION.-
Bev. Dr. Hewsou delivered an address, last
evening, upon tho revision of the Biblo, now pro
gressing in England, at the conclusion of which
it wok announced that an American committee
had been formed, to whom sheets of the English
revision will bo sent to pass upon* the result of
the Joint revision to be finally adopted.
THE CHOLERA. CASE.
All the passengers on the quarantined steamer
Delaware have been discharged. There were only
fourteen cases on cholera of tlio steamship Frans*
Un left, aud nil bnt one convalescing.
DISCHARGED LABORERS.
Tn all 2,500 laborers have been discharged by
the city departments for want of funds.
A CONTESTED SEAT.
Albany intelligence says that “Horatio Sey
mour, of Buffalo, ex-Assemblyman, la preparing
to contest the scat of Tom Fields, elected to the
Assembly from this city over Horatio Seymour,
of Utica. cx-Governor.”
STRAKOSCU AGAIN IN TROUBLE.
The Directors ofthe Academy of Music nave
determined not to allow Max Strakoach to have
tlie nso of the bonding after the present engage
ment terminates, because of his refusal to admit
them to the seats for which they subscribed and
paid, on the iright of the first visit of Alexis totho
opera, except on payment of 810 extra.
A Scandal Case in 81. Paal—A TUan F»o
zen to Death—New Train to St. touis-
An Abortionist in Jail, Etc.
Minneapolis. Minn., Dec. B.—There is a case of
scandal at St. PauL Mrs. Robinson, who keeps
a house of ill-fame, went to the house of a promi
nent lawyer, at 10 o’clock In the evening, with
one of her boarders,” and saw tbe lawyer’s
wife, with whom she had high words about an
anonymous letter to the lawyer, which ho had
shown to his wife, and she had pronounced the
hand-writing Mrs. Robinson’s. Airs. Robinson
denied it. mid flsticulls followed, in which the
wife was badly cut and bruised in the face and
head. Mrs. Robinson and her “boarder were
before the Police Court to-day.
St. Paul is excited about the water supply.
There is trouble between the Water Power Com
pany and the city. The water is shut off, bat
probably the diftlcuUy will bo settled at once.
An unlciiown man was frozen to death near
Breekenridgo on Sunday.
Tbe rumor that a Democratic evening news
paper is to be started at Minneapolis is probably
A through train from St. Paul to St. Louis,
without change, in twenty-seven hours, over the
Burlington, Cedar Rapids Minnesota Railroad,
is expected by the 20th of December.
Mrs. Mary Monti, of St. Paul, who has been
held in 82,000 ball for procuring an abortion on a
girl of JU-famo, who died from the effect of the
operation, about a fortnight ago, was sent to Jail
last night, in default of bail.
Chief of Police Peek, who was snot in the
shoulder by a crazy man, is rapidly recovering.
Agricultural Lectures Under the Auspice**
of the llllneis Industrial University.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Springfield, Dec. B.—Agricultural lectures and
discussions, under the auspices of the Illinois In
dustrial University, will be held at Dixon,
from Monday, January 15. to Thursday
25th; at Pontiac, from Monday, January 28
to Thursday, Februtry 2; at Avon, Fulton Coun
ty, from January 30 to Friday, February 2; Pitts
field, Pike County, from January 30 to Friday,
February 2. These lectures are free, and the uni
versity engages to furnishing lecturers, if the
citizens at these points will furnish halls prop
erly warmed and lighted. Among 1 the lecturers
at large, are Thomas Meehan, editor
of the Gardener’s Monthly: E, 8. Hall,
Horticultural Editor of the Prairie Farmer: B.
F. Johnson, of theCoun/rv Gentleman: Wm. Le-
Baron, State Entomologist: John M. Pearson,
Judge L. W. Lawrence, the Hon. Thos. A. E. Hol
comb, and W. C. Flagg, of the State Senate j and
p, A, Brown, President ol tUa State Fair.
NEW TONE.
MONET.
BREADSTUFF'S.
THE SMALL POX
X SPECIMEN binowobm.
MARINE,
FBOM MINNESOTA.
ILLINOIS.
FOREIGN.
Tht>' Prince of Wales Reported to be
in a Dying Condition.
Interview Between Thiers and
the Orleans Prince.
Uninccesifal Attempt to Sscare the Re
moval of the Assembly to Paris.
Great Britain.
London, Dee. S.—The Queen is mW WllSi tho
The city is* fall of alarming rumors In
regard to his case. Newspaper issued
giving all kinds of report i. Tho effect? ctr busi
ness Is depressing. Stocks and all financial*qno
tatiqna show a decline;- Cbnsola have fallen- 1-*
per cent
Two O’clock r. M.—.o report.circulated zectmd
the palace that the Prince was worse, is gitfcn
under reserve by the Cfentral Agency Press'
Association, which Is considered trustworthy
source of news. Tho physicians decided to cottN
mence an immediate investigation into the origin
of the Prince’s illness, an offifcinJ report of which 1
will be made.
London, Deo. B—l p. m.—At'ofllcial bulletin,
dated at 10 o’clock, reports tbatiifce graver symp
toms of the Prince are unahatedl Tho bulletin
is signed by Sir William Jonner’ and all the at*
tending physic! ana.
Argylo’s .rooms, a famous plac» of entertain
ment, have been totally dcatroyedlby fire.
London, Dec. B—4 p. m-—All the members of
the Royal Family have been summoned by tele
graph to Sandringham. Tho Queen and the Prin
cess Louise loft Windosr together' and drove
rapidly to tho Prince’s residence. The distress of
both was apparent.
London, Deo. B—3 p. m.—There ore exciting
rumors on ’Change, announcing the dfeatb of the
Prince of Wales, but tho nows is not authenti
cated.
London, Dec. B.—The firsthnlletiu this morning
reports that the Prince of Wales had a very un
quiet night. This morning there la a considerable
increase of fever. This is oflicial nows, and va*
rioua minors—some of them exaggerating the
case—may cause an alarm, ■with the effect of de
pressing the stock market generally.
London, Dec. B—6 p. m.—The Standard has
Just Issued an extra, announcing that the Prince
of Wales is sinking fast. Congestion of the lungs
has set in, and there are no hopes of his recovery.
London, Dec, 8—6:30 p. m.—The latest bulletin
of the Princes condition says: The Prince con
tinues in a precarious state. Exacerbation began
last night, attended by great prostration.”
London, Dec. 8—9:20 p. in.—'Tho Prince of
Wales has slept slightly, but is still very much
prostrated.
Betting on the result of the Tiohhorne case
is ten to one against the claimant of property.
A strike of telegraph operators in juonaon. Man
chester, Liverpool, and other large cities is immi
nent.
Dublin, Deo. B.—The anniversary of the ap
prentice boys, at Londonderry, was celebrated
vesterday, and passed off quietly. An effigy of
Lundy was burnt anudst the usual derisory
demonstrations.
[Special Dispatch to the New York World.]
London, Dec. B.—Tho Prince of Wales is dying.
Tho Qneen is wild with grief. The Princess
Alexandra is unnaturally and dangeronslylcalm.
Great consternation prevails. The Home
Secretary has been summoned to
Sandringham. Fears of political convulsions in
crease. The bell-rlngera have assembled at Saint
Paul’s, and will announce the tidings of tho
Prince’s death os soon.as received.
The Republican leaders held a secret meeting
to-night, and decided against immediate action.
London Deo. B—Midnight—TheB—Midnight—The sudden and
unfavorable change in the condition of the Prince
of Wales has caused a fteeling of deep sorrow
throughout the entire country, and manifesta
tions of sympathy are pouring in from
all sections. Tho excitement in London to-night
is intense, and Immense crowds of people have
gathered infrontof the newspoporanu telegraph
offices, anxiously seeking information concerning
the condition of tho.Prlnce.
France.
New York, Deo. B.—A special despatch from
Paris ears: “Tho situation in France ia grave.
Tho Orleans Princes are ‘pushing things.' On
Tuesday they sought advioe of Thiers about
taking their seats, but he assured them
that their presence in the Assembly
would arouse many animosities; that
the moment was inopportune; that the Bonapart-
Ists and tho Red Republicans and Legitimist
journals would' clamor that the republic was
menaced. The Princes answered that they would
not not without* further consideration. Thdre
was no mlsunderstandlnis,.bufc Thiers showed tm
extreme anxiety to prevent the Princes from
taking their scats. The same night the com*
mission on the the law of exile met.
Should they abrogate tho law of exile, the
Princes will perhaps enter the Cham*
her. Thiers regarding this- as a menace
to tho republic, will present a
proposition for a definite republican govern
ment. It is believed that the-fssue must be thus
precipitated, or tho republic will fall. Tho Im
pression is general that,, if the Due (TAumale
asks now, he will succeed, and that although ho
cannot command a majority in. the Chamber on
the question of a monarchy or a republic.”
Pari9> Deo. 8; In the Assembly,.to-day, a mo
tion was made by Dnchatcl for the removal of tho
Assembly and seat of government to Paris. The
motion gave rise to an animated debate, which
promises to be a protracted one, although there
Is littlo doubt that tho proposal has a majority of
the Chamber in its favor.
Paris, Doo; B—Evening.— I The session- of the As
sembly to-day was very turbulent. A vote of
urgency was demanded upon tho question of the
future form of* government for Franco, and was
refused
Ponycr Qnortior. Minister of Finance, an
nounced that he will present the budget for 1872
tormorrow.
A bill was presented- annulling the decree con
fiscating the property or-the Orleans Princes.
Tho appeals of Communists conrioted of tUo
murder of General Ecoompte and Thomas, and
sentenced to suffer death, has been rejected by
the Commission of Pardons. There is no hope
that Thiers will interpose to remote this final de
cision.
Thiers* message recommends that the annual
army contingent be fixed at 90,000 instead of
80,000, as Incorrectly reported last night.
A vote of urgency upon thebfilproviding for the
returns of the Assembly to Pans was refused by
a small majority. The Chamber was subsequent
ly the scene of angry recriminations between
members of the Hlght and Left.
M. Eovier asked leave to present a resolution
censuring the-Committee of Pardons for Its want
of clemency toward the convicted Communists,
hut a majority of the Assembly protested violent
ly against the reception of the document, and it
was returned to the mover.
Central and South America.
Klxgstok, Jamaica, Bee. 7.—Aspinwall dates
are to the 3d last.
A conference of representatives of Guatemala,
San Salvador, and Honduras is to be hold in
December, to discuss the project for the formation
of a Central American confederation.
The telegraph line between Valparaiso and San
Felipe lias been completed.
The hospitals were insufficient to accommodate
the small-pox patients.
Lima dates to November 22 are received. One
thousand dollars had been collected for the suf
ferers bytho Chicago Are.
Hon. Thomas Settle, American Minister, was
sick, and hadstarted for New York.
Spain.
Madrid, Doc. B.—The exequaturs of the follow
ing Consuls are gazetted today: General A. T.
A. Torbett, United States Consul General at Ha
vana Senor Miconi, Mexican Consul at Cadiz;
Senor Payera, Mexican Consul at Grenada;
Bichard Lowenstein as United States Vioe Con
sul at Grao: Charles Heder. vice Consul at Se
ville, and Mr. Trcnor, United States Vice Consol
at Valencia.
Blexlco.
New York, Doc. B.—A sneeial from Mexico,
dated at Mler, says that Saltillo and the forts
there are in possession of the insurgents, under
General Trevino. The government forces capitu
lated on the evening of the s*h. The conditions
are not yet known. The insurgents are preparing
to march on San Luis.
Brazil.
New York, Dec. B.—The Emperor of Brazil, In
an interview with a newspaper correspondent in
Egypt, ezpresssed himself much pleased with
the retonn which the present Khedive is effecting
in that country, ana stated that the Brazilians
expect much from the steamship line between
Brazil and the United States. The shipping in
terest of America he considered of more impor
tance than the revenue gained by taxation.
Telegraphic Summary,
Twenty-eight saloon-keencrs of Aurora, Hi.,
were indicted yesterday by the grand jury, for
selling liquor without licenses.
The Pennsylvania Railroad has leased the
Memphis Charleston Railroad .for forty-five
years, guaranteeing 3 per cent for the Qwt five
years, and 6 per cent thereafter. The question
of lease will bo submitted to the stockholders.
—The Kansas Pacific Railroad, which has boon
blocked by snow, is now clear from Kansas city
to Cheyenne, and the Union Pacific malls are
coming over it from the west. MUd
sunshine have settled the snow, so that there
no further danger of drifting. vnun<'of
—The ti lal ol Chas. Bohlnson, for the kilim, ol
‘“llTCims'enKcr tndM from the West
MMkedTcn a tS« summit between Laramie and
C nrßjf temporary winter bridge aceroaatho ilia-
Eonri. at Omaha la now completed.
6 Twenty lives wore lost on the Nova Scotia
coast in the piles of last week; eleven by the
■wreck of a packet schooner In Avon Riven nine
by the Bermudian brigantine Jabez, at the Strait
of Causo; and flvo by the schooner Catharine, in
Yarmouth Sound, t _
oX association of thQ CUlca§o* Con*
NUMBER 123.
tincntal Baltmoro Kallroafl tympany
filed at the Socretarypf Stated 0
polls, yesterday. The Indiaim l*cro<m ortne
proposal Use wul run through the ©onn^ea; of
Lake, Porter, Laporte, Scarf, Maralttl.
Wabask, Walls, and Adams, a distance oi iw
miles. Capital, $3,000,000. 1 111w
—At TJrbana, Ohio, on Thursday, aswoiers
monument, one of the largest la the SBt«»
dedicated. Nearly 8,000 persona were fYßsont.
Speeches were made by Governor Hayes’,* Gen
eral Joe Hooker, and others. In the even-igloo
citizens gave a banquet.
—The Supremo Court of tho United States*has
Just affirmed the Judgment of the Supreme Court
of "Wisconsin, in what was known as the “tnpK
tax cases,” being an action brought by N. B. Tan*
Slvie against tho State, and one by Bcnfarxm
Bagnall against the Stale, to test the validity of
the law Imposing taxes upon shares in the Na
tional Banks for the years ItKK anri*
iB6O. The Supreme Court of Wisconsin helcV
that the law in question was valid, and the S«-
premo Court of tie United States, to an oplnloa
delivered by the Chief Justice, and in which all
the Judges concurred, has affirmed the Judgment.
This caseinvolves between $59,000 a nds»s,ooo.
Qfsihie Kteamr
Milwaukee, Dec. a—The bnrSf TtaTSsr and
seboonor Argus orrivetflast night. TbcTaaner
suffered considerable damage-in her' ttgfpxg und
ironworks. _
Tho wreaking tug Leviathan; prepellor Conia
teo, and propeller Joy Gould arr?ffed*sanirr to
day. Tho Captain- of fie'Cerththan BaW wree
harks at anchor on Sand’ Beach’ jtoy
at tho Beavers; yesterday,- painted black; yratee,
and green respectively; alEO’ sawtwo* vfessegrm
Jackson Harbor; one of them; a'fort^anmarwir,
looked as though she was astnro:
Two schooners; the" Ithlca and 1 another, nano*
unknown, are" waiting at Pfintwater for four
jweathertogotd’Chioago; _
Schooner Garden left Sand Bay for. efricage*,
-when tho storm set' in on" Sunday*,'anti 1 has-noP
iheen heard from.’ She Was owned oy GmC5 Plis
iter, of Giis place. _
t Ebte, Pa., Dec. Th- schooner Lake Forrest
dragged her'anchors one mfle furthor»bast
No communication* with the schooner ttoeo"
Thursday morning. High winds from 1 thttwOst,
and seas breaking over her continuously,' She;
seems to be down bythe head.' NbtnitShadqcff
Buffalo up to last evening, and were not. expected:'
to until the gale from the westabates. Tbd"
Ice iir Erie harborls fiVß’lilohes thick? Word* v*fi3'
telegraphed here from tho owners cn Thtlrsdiy
nottfrmove the Erie togs for her.
TEArSoulh OaroHam’K^KltirT^ldN;
Columbia, 8. C., Dec. the Ku-SCtaX trialir*
to-day* lour of the prisoners pleaded‘guilty-tof
the charge •of conspiring:- to deprive citizens of
their right to vote. They reserved thb'right or
readingaflidavitfl inmitigation"of'their 'punish--
raised a point whether •tlfoprls
onors could be tried for an offence committed in
March, and charged "on April'2l, inorder to bring
it under the Ku-Klux law, passed April aof/Other
points willbe raised td-morrow,' for certmcaudn
to the Supreme Court.
Alcxi»-ln BSetdnii
Boston, Deo B.—The recoptlon' of the Grand
Duke Alexis in Boston; Cambridge, and* Charles-*
town, to-day, has been cordiaZvand was evidently
enjoyed by the distinguished visitor. At the
State House the Duke was welcomed by Governor
ClaflUn in a short’address. At' Cambridge the
party was received byPrestdent Elliott. At the
Charlestown Navy Yard a saint© of 21 guns was
tired. After inspecting thewariontf departments,
Alexis and ins-suite returned-to the Revere
House. __
—The Lake Superior Mississippi 1 Railroad
Company entered upon their 999 yeari* lease of.
the Minneapolis &Bt.‘Louls Railway on the 15th
inst.
BANKING.
BANKING HOTfSE OF
MASONIC 1 BUILDING,*
Corner of Balsted and Randolph-tfs.
BANK OF DISCOUNT- AND DEPOSIT.
Sterling: Bills on London. Gold Drafts on
New York.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
MAP 8F BURNED DISTRICT,
Household Fashions, FonrPages
of Engravings on.Colored Paper,
Double Leaf of Lithographed
Fashions, Mosaics, Locals, Ad
vertising, etc. 30 cts. per single
number.
MRS. M.' L. Bi¥HE;
Editor and Proprietor.
For sale to the trade by Wcstern
News Co.
GIFT CONCERT.
NOT TOO liiiTE
BUY AT ONCE!
Make Your Ordersl
FOK TICKETS IN THE
Grand Concert
LonsniLG,
In aid *1 Public library of Kentucky.
731 Gifts iii €asli
•will bo distributed, amounting to
$350,000
Citizens’ Bank, Kentucky, is-Treasurer.
C?* For fuU‘nfonnation or Tickets apnlr-to J. S.
HULL, Sliennan .House, Chicago, .until Vreonc
day, the 13th inst.; 6 o'clock p. m.
DRESSES HOGS.
Dressed Hogs.
As tlie season has now opened,
and the market- is fairly establ
ished foi'Dresscd Jlogs, we invite
our former shippers and the trade
to send ns their-consignments.
All thc-rcgular facilities extend
ed. Advances made on ship?
ments. Bencfitol over ten years’
active experience here and. per
sonal attention to sale and deliv
ery given to consignments made
POPE DAVIS,
43 "W. "Washington-st., Chicago
R. I,..DAVIS.
W..J. POPE.
DRESSED HO&S.
We are now ready tahandle dressed* hogs, as usnei;
an Jean extend to shippers every advantage furnished
by any Louse in tha city, having,. for tho sixteen
years we have been in business, sold more dressedhpas
timn any other honsa. Coumlsalon sj per cent on. oftr
j load lots.
LIBERAL CASH ADVANCES
made when deslrai SMppen■ eoa- Jf Si^mSS
railroad receipt fpr threo^it^M*-Jf o {J^§ V en to
withoiit fnrther aotico- prtces and aitUfac-
Provisions Bought StSold on Kargins.
SHERMAN HALL COOK,
Con»a>* ss on Merchants,
283 Michigan-av.
pefertaces: First National Fonrtli National
Bank.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Hard Wood Lumber.
OGLES3EE MATTINGLY
Have removed tlioir stock of lumber from
789 Sonth Canal-st. to the comer of Canal and Eight
eenth-sts., and have now on hand a I nil stock of au
kinds of hard.'wood lumber, including flooring. Oak,
ash, wliltowcod, hickory and elm bills cut to order.
F. M. HAMILTON, Agent, comet Canal and Eight
eenth-sta.
INSURANCE.
Insur-ance Claims
Prepared and collected. Garden City, Lumberman’s,
State, and BtptdJlic insurance claims bought.
J. E, JOHNSON, Notary Pnbllc,
Room 2, 123 West WaglUhftoa-sti
HATS, CAPS AHD FURS.
FURS!
HATS!
Stryker 8c Co.,
231 West Madlson-st,
Fur Manufacturers.
A fresh, stock of Beal Sacques, fifdfis arwl
a M t cut into the latest styles. TMa season's
of Eastern and Western blink—leash
nn* b oadaoms.
All g’oods manufactured by this firm- aero
goarant*** perfect,
pur rsp*3£finff and Furs made to order.
The best stock of Hats
for Gents, Vodths and Boys to be found in.
the West.
231 West Madison-st.
Thompsetfa Bloclr.
ms. OVT.
FESTIVE HATS.
STRYKER CTX. 231 1 Wert Madlson-st.
HATS!
FURS!
Large Stock,
Pine
Low Prices.
Eepaired;
Parlors, 583 Wabash 1
IATEST.
FESTIVE HATS.
STRYKER >3 CO, 231 West Maaifon-st.
LADIES FUBS!
Ilios. IL* Morris;.
(L«t*3featon Morris. -7?r. 99 Washingtoc-St.^’
Has’Seopened wiCifeNew Stock of'
HATS, CAPS, FURSf
Sieves, Umbnilas, &c,
At’Noi 372 West Ifladlson-s^
Special attrition paid to tltaring, relinisgr
aad repairing- Ntea.
FESTIVE HATH;
KOB3IBOT ASD LATEST STYLE*
STRYKER iSt CO.. Madlson-efc-
HOLIDAY GICTS.
FOR THE
Halfday Tirade!:
C 0«K r ANDBIIV#
CO.,
i®tKS ELLERS*
46 S> WAS ASH-AW,
Have-Hie largest, the most -va-*-
ried, complete, and
stock in Chicago of
New-Bisceltanecus Books.
Standard Works) In sets.
Books, In half 'calf and antique.
American Popular Poets, in fine binding.!.
English-f’oets.-.iiccalf and morocco'.’.
Engliah=EdftrOnsof Standard Works.:
Children’S'BsokSiJn sets and singlfvcrfuransi.
Bibles,: quarto.and small.
PrayerEooks, id calf and morocco.).
English <Coiored.Toy Books,
MeLoughlin’S Colored Picture Books*.
ChildlS Histories!.
Books: of Games,.
Encyclopedias.
Papular Fiction--
Photograph Albums.
Writing, Desks..
Stereoscopes and Views.
Globes..
Kindergarten. Blacks.
Hill's Blocks!.
Pocket calf and morooooi
Fine-Stationers,&c., &c.
COBB. iKWS I CO..
469 WABASH-A
HOLIDAY GOODS.
Eleiait Holiday Din.
BMWN PSIOSI,
659 WABASB-AV.,
will eaddhit on Monday, own Importation ol PdrUantl
London Novtltics^in.
Tchct and Silk House Coots, Dressing Robes,
Silk, and Cashmere Bafflers, Kid Bits, Eng
lish Drlrlng dotes of superior quality, Rich
Handkerchiefs* Cases and Canes; Carleton,.
korne, Windsor, De JoiuriHe Scarfs and
Square Craiais, quite new; together wlthap
unequalled slock of BEBIITO, ASBOliacfl
I CALCUTTA CLOTH EIDERWEiR.
r?*Tho major part of the above goods having been
ordered previous to the Zaiofirc.forour Holiday Trade,
and will vflbr extraordinary Inducements.
Please call and examine.
VUTEOAR
PRESSING’S.
VINEGAR WORKS.
AGAIN IN FULL OPQLA7ION.
Cider, White Wine, and Doi£’,p. ’Vinegar, at tha
lowest mannfactming price. 3‘A*and aa3 Wabash-av.*
between Harrison and CongrestvstH.
CHA9. O. E. PPpißSiyo. Proprietor
SOCIETY JO^EXINQS.
J&asoMie.
Wm. B. Warren, No. 200. -V. P. ai*i if.
Regular communicating Wiia (Saturday) ©vcrjng at
71 o'clock, at Masonic fwnpits. comer of £L*K#ad an t
Ifandolph-Rts. Visltwa always welcome By order
oftlieW.il. SaMPELU-SMITH, .Secretary.
•Masonic.
The annual assembly of Chicago Oannoil, N>. I. B
&S. M., will loholdat tho Masonlo Building, copier
Hoisted and Randolph-sts., Saturday evening.
at 7:30 o’clock- A tail attemlancc of tho membars ra
(incsted. By order ot tho T. I. CL M.
E. K. TiTCKER. Recorder.
First Vmitarimm S»ele»w
There will bo a meeting of tho First J^rtiiiar 1 tm
ciety at the residence of Robert t“
diana-av., near Slxteenth-at, c^afderoO.
11.1871. Bnsinesa of importance to bo conaweroo.
M(WX aQJ£S«T. awy.