local anfc State Nctos.
I>r. Lapham. administered a blue pill to his
slanderer in the newspaper.
Our thanks are due to the managers of the
proposed Thanksgiving ball, for kind remem
brances.
Hall has some nice Livermore tliecse at
his grocery in Granite Hall block, and all the
"ttxins” for fat Thanksgiving pies.
Messrs. M ills .Stanley make a special
point tliis morning of advertising tin ir largo
stock of cheese.
M’e hear tiiat the little son of Thomas
Itines of this city, had one of his legs broken
on Monday.
briend Chandler, proprietor of the Market
square grocery store, makes it a special point
to keep on hand fresh supplies of choicest
goods in his line.
1 he Portland Daily Press makes its ap
pearance in a new and handsome suit of type,
which greatly improves its looks. The Press
is enterprising and we are glad to see this
evidence of its prosperity.
In municipal court yesterday Michael Mc
Dermott was up for drunkenness in the streets
on Tuesday, and found quarters with Thomp
son for th- -debt. In the morning lie plead
guilty to the charge, and being out of funds
was committed for thirty days.
JJrs. Rebecca Miller of tliis city, whose
death we chronicle in its appropriate place,
died very suddenly on Tuesday evening. She
was sitting on a lounge, a few minutes after
taking tea, ami passed away witli scarcely a
warning. She had previously enjoyed uni
form good health.
We hear a report, although we do not get
the facts front tlie officers of tlie institution,
that Aaron Houghton of Oxford, a patient in
the Insane Hospital in this city, was assailed
on Sunday last by another patient witli a
mallet, and received a blow which resulted
in his death on Tuesday.
The pig that one of our up town merchants
lost from ids liarn on the night after its
slaughter, was returned to him yesterday in
th« half barrel, nicely salted and in a state
of preservation for the winter. He ha* not
yet obtained any clue to tlie kind-hearted
thieves.
The resignation of Kdwin Noyes, Ksq., as
Superintendent of the Maine Central, an
nounced in yesterday's paper, will no doubt
be l»llowcd by the deserved promotion of
I.. I.. Lincoln, Ksq., to that position. Thai he
would fill it acceptably the trials and experi
ences of the past year abundantly testify.
Two large boilers have been received by
the Messrs. Sprague, and are being set ill a
temporary house, for the warming of the new
factory. In the spring a permanent house
will he constructed for them. Workmen are
now engaged in piping tlie new t ictory for
the steam heating apparatus, and new ma
chinery is being put in.
The house at tlie corner ot Lincoln and
Middle streets in Hallowell, owned by Mr. 1
G. A. Means, was sold by auction yesterday,
li. W. Jon*s, auctioneer. Messrs. I). 1’.
Livermore bid $1,700; A. H. Davis 61..>00;
G. N. Woodsum Sl.SO.I, and got t. The sale
of tlie furniture w a* postponed until Satur
elay of this week.
No decision lias yet been reached by the
Governor and Council on the Aroostook ease.
The Hancock case was argued yesterday, l>ut
the verdict has not been rende red. '1 lie votes
for county officer* are being counted. We
learn that the official figures w ill show no
choice in case of one of the Senators in Wal
do county. Votes necessary to a choice 3.113.
William 11. McLellan lias 3,103. Nehemiah
Smart, 3,000. Messrs. McLellan and Smart
are therefore tlie constitutional candidates.
Mr. William Reynolds, of Sidney, a young
man about eighteen years of age, w’ o lias
been at work for about two months in Wyman’s
factory in this city, met with a sad accident
yesterday forenoon, while engaged at his
usual occupation at the mill. He was at work
at the circular saw used tor trimming blinds,
and had just brought along a bundle of blinds
to bo trimmed, lie had laid his bundle
on tlie bench, and in stepping aside to allow
a fellow workman to deposit his bundle in tlie
same place, accidentally stepped his right foot
through a small scuttle about a foot square,
which is used for carrying ot! the waste saw
dust and shavings to tlie basement. In try
ing to recover his position he struck his right
hand directly on the saw, which was in mo
tion, nearly severing his hand from the wrist,
and splitting it from his little finger to the
■wrist. Dr. ll. 11. Hill dressed the wound and
is confident that he can save the hand, al
though it will be in a greatly damaged con
dition. Ilis employer and workmen speak of
Reynolds ns being a very fine young mail.
The post office in this city has been for
some time an international money order office
where orders can be procured as provided for
in ttie postal convention with Great Britain.
The rates and methods of conversion are as
follows:—On orders not exceeding $10—23
cents; over $lo and not exceeding $20— 50
cents; over $20 and not exceeding $30—”•>
cents; over $30 and not exceeding $40—
$1.00; over §40 and not exceeding 830—
$1.23. No order exceeding the last named
sum will be issued, and United States Treas
ury notes, or national Bank notes only are
received or paid here, liut the value of the
U. S. currency in gold is paid in the British
offices on orders sent from this country, and
the value of gold is paid in currency, on or
ders sent to tiie United States. For in
stance:— A pcrsOlT brings $30 in greenbacks
to this office to purchase an order payable in
London, when gold is 1-12 in currency to
purchase $1.00 in gold, $30 in currency will
buy an order payable in gold! r $11.04, or
ns follows
Currency, tloH. Currency. >M.
*I,U;' 1.00 *30.01 ifll.nl
It will be seen that tin* “dog case," which
has been running on at the court house from
Friday noon till Wednesday morning, has
terminated at last by a verdict against the
dogs. It seemed from the testimony of the
first witness called by the ptf. that the deft,
took [the wounded sheep home, kept them
till they recovered and then returned them to
their owner. To the common apprehension
this would look like a pretty conclusive ad
mission on the part of the deft, that it was his
dogs that did the mischief. Ever after that
the defence was uphill work and was unavail
ing. Neighborhood quarrels and such ex
pensive lawsuits about trivial matters arc
much to he deprecated, but the trial will be
worth to the community all it has cost, if it
shall prove an effective warning to the owners
of those unmitigated nuisances—i/alter da legs.
Wesley Eugene Shader, who had been can
vassing New York city and vicinity for the
Union Mutual Life Insurance Company of
Augusta, in February last receved his death
by shooting at the hands of llenry AVard,
und r the following circumstances: Henry
Ward lived in Towanda, Bradford county,
l’a., was 30 years of age, and well educated.
Mr. Shader, at the time of his death, was
about 33. His personal appearance is said to
have been attractive, his manners were
gentle and winning, and his life blameless.
On the 22d of February last he visited To
wanda on business, and having long known
and liked llenry AVard, went to his house to
cail, sending up his card by a colored boy.
Ward received him very hospitably, and they
spent the day together. There was no one
in the house but AA'ard, Shader, and the ser
vants. During the course of the visit some
champagne was opened, which not proving
as good as was expected, lihine wine and
Irish whiskey were drank. About o o'clock
they sat down to dinner together, intending,
after the repast was finished, to take a ride in
the neighborhood. Nothing but pleasant and
friendly conversation was noticed in the din
ing-room until the report of a pistol was
heard, followed by a groan. These fright
ened the servants, who all left the house,
either for fear of being shot themselves or
from unwillingness to be summoned as wit
nesses should any trial result from the diffi
culty. Neighbors, however, soon assembled,
and it was discovered that the guest, AA". E.
Shader, had been shot. At the request of the
wounded man telegrams were sent to the in
surance company of which he was the agent,
and to his relatives and friends, several of
whom came to attend him, amongst them his
lather and mother, and the young lady to
whom he was engagi d. For a while his
symptoms were favorable, but mortification
soon set in. and on the eighth day after the
oeuiirrence, or the 2d of March, he died. On
the inquest the jury found that he had come
to his deatli by the wilful and malicious act of
his host. Henry AA'ard. At the May term of
the court AA'ard found sureties in the sum of
810,0.10 for his appearance at the trial which
is now being held. The ease is full of mys
tery.
supreme Judicial Court. Dickerson Judge.
Tuesday, Nov. 21. The testimony in the
ease on trial, AA'heeler vs. Pullen was closed
at half [ust ten. The arguments of counsel
and charge ol the judge occupied five hours,
sii that the jury retired with the ease at five I
1’. M. They had not agreed at the adjourn- j
ment.
No. 2s"', Nathaniel AA’. Blaisdell vs. Sam'l
Blaisdell, Kcmpton for ptf. Lancaster for
deft. The parties are father and son and live
in Home. The ptf. (the son) sues to recover
81*00, as per account annexed, for services
and improvements on defi's farm commenc
ing in 1 s.i8. The ptf. also alleges that in
I•"*!4, on deft's promise to give him his farm. J
he moved on to the farm and carried it on.
and took care of and provided for the deft; I
but that the dett. now refuses either to con- 1
vcy to him the farm, or to pay him for his j
services. In defence the deft, says he never!
made any such promise: that the ptf. cn-
joyed the avails of the faun while lie lived on
it. and nothing more is due to him. He fur
ther says that a portion of the account sued
accrued more than six years prior to the date
of the writ and is thereby outlawed. Trial
commenced.
AA’ednesday Nov. 22. The jury brought in
a sealed verdict in the action AA'heeler vs.
l’ullen. They found for the ptf.- assessing
the damages at $2!hol. The statute, in case
of injury to person or property by a dog,
gives double damages, but under the instruc
tion of the judge, the jury assessed only the
actual damages. The court will double the
amount w hen final judgment is entered up.
No. 28"'. Blaisdell vs. Blaisdell on trial
through the day and not yet finished.
For coughs and colds use Adamson's Bo
tanic Cough Balsam. Sold by Kinsman.
Nov232t
AA'e would remind housekeepers that they
can get spices, flavoring exttacts, wines,
sweet herbs &c., that are pure and good for
Thanksgiving cooking, at Partridge's Drug
Store, under Granite Hall.
A large stock of feather dusters just re
ceived at Kinsman's. Nov232t
A large stock of Sperm oil at old prices at
Kinsman's. Nov232t
Those of our citizens who have visited the
Mangin House, Haltimore. will remember
Mr. Font, the obliging clerk there, and read
the following letter with pleasure
Hai.iimoiik, July 13, 1H71.
Mu. James I. Fei.i.ow s— I obtained three
bottles nt your Syrup of Hypopbosphites
from llageman N: Cox, New York, and to its
use 1 ascribe cessation of cougli, return of
appetite, removal of pains from which I bad
greatly suffered in the back ami chest, and
greatly decreased expectoration; for several
months my system lias suffered a drain of
nearly a pint, expectorated every morning
and evening, caused (the doctors tell me,)
from wasting of lung tissue. Your Syrup has
certainly worked wonders, and greatly sur
prised my friends, so that now I am so far
recovered as to resume my wonted duties
w ith vigor. Your obedient servant.
nov.’O bviv 1 w Ueorue C. Font.
IHarricti.
In linltk:. >nl, Ulk in,4., Chan. A.t’ulkiub to Mrs.
Mary K. Maitin, bulk of Kxter, N. 11.
In West Now ikld, hill inst.. Samuel K1 gerly to
Miss Jennie* K. I.iliby, both of Buxton.
In West port, lltii inst., Unfits II Wright. Km|., of
Westport ti» Miss kstlier A. MeKadden, of lieorge
Dirt*.
In litis city, -1st Inst., suddenly, Mr.-. Bobeeon i
Miller, aged -d \ears, l) moniiis.
In Fail held, i£»Ui nit.. Timothy ti. Davis, aged
years.
In llammonton, V Tabitha, widow of the late
W 1‘re.ssey. Ksq., of Waterville, aged 77 veins.
In Seurboro’, i:»th inst., Melntable, wile of the
late A brum Berry, aged 7»» years, 5 months. 20 days.
In Barsontleld, Hist ult., Sarah ,1., daughter of
laid. Nathan iel Mill ikon, aged 11 years.

Livermore Cheese
ftM’I’IJF.S FOR
THANKSGIVING
iv»* II. A. HALT, a call, and examine his Liver
more Cheese, just received.
ALSO A LOT OF
PURE SPICES,
Just the Articles for
THANKSGIVING PASTRY.
These in addition to a lull line of
Groceries.
So. a, GBASITK HALT. BLOCK.
nov23-flw
JUST RECEIVED.
A Choice I-ot of
CHEE
Lug. Stilton,
Lug. Dairy,
Pirn- Apple,
Dutch,

A. V. Factory.
WILIjH *V STANLK^
not. i-ttf 173 Water Street.
Horses for Sale.
IH-VVK two large Horses, suitable for working
or carriage horses, w hich will he sold or let
during the winter for their keeping. Apply im
mediately to <ihO. K. WKKKft.
Augusta, Nov. 21, 1K71. nov22-ttf
BONDS FOR SALE.
$£10,000 more ofllio*e valuable
Illinois Registered Bonds
Principal and Interest payable by the State. Ju>t
received and lor sale by
B. E. POTTER BRO.,
I*A>'Iv EIIM.
AC'.I -TA.
B. For all deposits of luo, and upwards, v. e
are paying K Per Cent, Interest. In
terest paid scini annually at our counter on .fan. 1,
and July 1.
nov22-ftf li. E. POTTER A BRO.
Plain and Fancy Sewing!
rPHE undersigned would respec tfully ami umv
A t" the laclies of Augusta and i< iiiity that she
i“ prepared to do Dress and b*ak Making,and all
kind* of Plain and Faney u ing. blading. At., at
her resilience on Bridge .street, near Water >tiet t.
Miss Belie Springer.
novil-tJm
IF YOl YVAXT
Strictly Pare Spices or Cream Tartar,
Do to <1I A I>I. I It in Market juare.
no\11 11
CARPENTERS *ND BUILDERS,
—t.O TO—
ATKINS*
I'or l*inc and Nprucc Hoarding,
Crime Shipper*. Spruce Floor
ing. a niee Mock, Clapboard*,
and Cicncrul House Finish.
Boxes A Box Shooks of every description
Made to order.
MSorrd 1'Mbitig for tittfi tqm thtct»
Stevens’ Catcnl Egg Case.
Pinning, Mntcliing,
And all kind* of Straight and Scroll Sawing done t«*
order at -lu-rt notice.
E. A J. ATKIN- A Co.,
nov2(Mtf Kenneltec Dam. Augusta.
CHEAP TOR CASH
t IIANDLLK is selling grocevie* cheap foi cash,
AT THE
Market Square Grocery Store,
Augusta. novH-ftf
OYSTERS.
Just received and will keep constantly on hand,
fresh
\rir<rinict Oysters
For sale HOJ.K-ALK and RETAIL at price* a*
low as by auy dealer in New England.
H. Freeman Co.
nov*21-Mni J01 Federal St., Portland, Me.
EXCELLENT “BARGAINS.
I’rices Low and Terms Easy
V TWO STORY lKH’sE, with L.'Jroom*; goocl
cellar and cistern; new stable; large lot and
a number of fruit trees.
A cottage house of seven rooms, and lot.
Several line building lots.
Terms ea.-v. Apply to
K. W. WUITKIlorsE.
Office; Freemans Bank Building.
sepM Augusta, Maine.
NICE TOILET SOAPS,
SIX CAKES FOR TWENTY-FIVE CIs.
At JOHNSON IIIIOS.
Job Printer Wanted.
r|Mi whom eteadv situation will be given.
1 r>PUAOl 1 o\\ KN N A -1 f.
Nov. 1:1, 1.-71.
Fall and Winter
Tautest Styles
-IX
DRESS COODS!
Black|Alpacas, Shawls, Waterproof Cloth5*,
New Styles Felt'Skirts.
AtKCl.i; LINE OF
LISES DOMESTIC GOODS,
Flannels, Illankets,
CARPETINGS.
TAPESTRY. Til WEE IMA M’PEIJ IVMIM.W,’
COMMON Wool. A HIM TIM;, IIEMIM AHI’E I
IMIS ASH MATTIM.S.
Oil 4'IoIIjm, Jinx*, 4’nrpt i M-inin%* and
tfr'i ftinjgM,
Best Live Geese Feathers, Ac., Ac.,
Prices as Low as the Lowest.
JAMES H, LEIGH,
novlO-tlV JIALI.OWEI.I..
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE
Daily Kennebec Journal.
>Siiit Killed on the Railroad.
Lewiston, 22. Samuil O. Gray, a brake
man on the Waterville and Portland local
freight train, was thrown from a train at ft
A. M. to-day and instantly killed. The train
was passing under a bridge near the Lewis
ton station, uml Gray was struck hy the
bridge. Six ears passed over him; his body
was badly crushed and neck broken. An in
quest was held and a verdict rendered in
accordance with the facts. The body of the
deceased was taken to Portland in the after
noon.
Tin aliceased Laves a widow and two
children.
News Irom New York
New York. 22. At a meeting of the New
York Viaduct liailroad Co., all the Tammany
directors resigned ami a new board was
was elected, tints treeing the conipany of the
incumbus of Tammany.
Henry (1. Stibins to-day was sworn in as
commissioncr of the department of public
parks.
The London Economist having mentioned
with regret the appearance of the name ot
I'nited States minister Schenck as director in
one of the new mining companies, w ith tin
remark that the commercial occupation ot
any kind appears certainly incompatible
with functions of diplomatists. The New
York Evening Post expresses the hope that
our government w ill immediately recall min
ister Schenck, who it is said by permitting
bis official position to promote stock specula
tion, humiliates bis country and shows an
utter want of respect for bis high office.
(jin. Butler denounces as a canard the
whole story ol the Harrisburg conference.
A naval tall to Alexis occurs on the night
of the •-’Mil inst.
There were 4 new cases of small pox last
week ami 20 since Saturday.
Hicliaril A. Stores has not been re-ap
pointed Deputy Comptroller.
It is reported that the 9th Kegiment band
goes to Europe on a concert tour.
\V. W. Corcoran sailed on the Cuba which
took out 8179,000 in specie.
The issue of $200,000 of new stock by the
I’ittsburg, Tort Wayne A Chicago lfailroad is
to be a special improvement to represent cash
appended outlie road by lessee am] subject to
the existing guarantees, which honor it is to
pay 7 per cent, per annum tax tree, in quar
terly dividends paid by the Pennsylvania
llailroad ('oinpany.
News Iroin Boston.
Boston. 22. The action of the United
States authorities against W. Weld A Co.,
originated trout the seizure in New York
some two mouths since of the books and
papers of Hu.us Story x Co., on complaint of
special agent N. W Bingham, and Iroin these
hooks evidence ol false importations were ob
tained against the Boston firm. Previous
to tlii- a criminal suit had been instituted in
which the jury disagreed, standing.seven for
government and five for -deiendant. It is
claimed by Weld A Co., that the proceedings
are instituted with a view of ol tabling evi
dence M aid the government in the prosecu
tion of the suit now pending against them in
New York, amt hence they have re-isted the
opening ot their safes on the ground that
it is malicious persecution and not because
they believe the officers ot customs or reve
nue expict to sustain any charges against
tin m for fraudulent importations at this port.
The alleged irregular importations in the
present case include 1700 boxes of nutmegs,
imported in slop Barns. Jan. S. lfttfot; Too
boxes of nutmegs imported in ship Nabob
July 24. ]m'.9; 1116 cases of nutmegs and
101 cases of mace imported in ship llainbow,
April 11, INTO, and 1227 cases of nutmegs in
ship Fearless, January 3. 1 >71.
Albert D. Briggs of Springfield, lias been
appointed a member of the Board of Kailroad
Commissioners in place of Edward Appleton,
w hose term has expired.
Michael 1'Connor, aged 7o, was killed last
night by falling down stairs.
Her. Alexander Ellis, colored pastor of
Joy Street Church, is plaintiff for damages
against the Xarragansett Steamer Co., before
the Supreme Court, fi r not being served at
the dining table ot steamer Providence, and
being assaulted by the company's agents.
Case uot finished.
News From Washington.
Washington, 22. The solicitor of the
treasury dec ides that any passenger steam
boat carrying petroleum contrary to the law,
is subject to seizure, but the oil itself is not:
also that when carried according to law, all
petroleum must he marked at what degree of
fahrenheit, it will ignite, and the transporta
tion of coal oil on passenger steamers is en
tirely forbidden.
Chief engineer, King of the navy, who re
cently visited the European dockyards, Ac.,
rccomends in his report that all vessels here
after put afloat for the navy, he supplied with
machinery of compound type, and that all
the marine engines stored in the navy yard be
disposed of. Some space is given to neces
ity of properly training young men for en
gineer corps.
Charles \V. Seaton of New York has been
appointed chief clerk of the pension bureau
to fill tlit? vacancy created by the tesigna
tion of Major Johns.
Particulars of the Disaster io the Steam
er City ot New Loudon.
Norw ich, Conn., The l*ss of life by
disaster to the City of New London is greater
titan anticipated. Lite passengers west? only
seven in number, but of these Win. T. Nor
ton of the firm of Norton Hros., C. 11. Hog
era of the firm of C. 15. lingers ,V Co., and
II. It. Aldrich, all of this city, were lost.
Of the officers and deckhands known to be
lost are Win. F. Kly of Hamburg, Ct., sec
ond mate: M. W. Iiaktrot Norwich, engin
eer; Henry Dugan of New London, stew ard
Web.-ter Cooper ot New Yolk, second cook
Frank Flown-, (rcsidi tea unknown'', wait
er; Warren Mi'cbell, oiler; O. 1!. Driscol,
Sullivan Fat. Mahoney and Tims. liohcct,
deck hands. Tie New I ondoii carried a
heavy freight of miscellaneous character,
i principally cotton rags, groceries, leather,
hides, v.c wiiicli. together w ith the boat are
a total loss. o:i account of the hsence of
tlie manager of the line from the city, it i«
impossible to ascertain the insurance, it is
understood to be *100,COO on the boat. 'The
fire extinguishing apparatus and life saving
appliances w ere perfect, but the r .pid spread
1 of flames nit efi approach to the bunt and sa
loon. where the lit preservers were, and the
passengers and eri w had to save themselves
by grasping fit'll fioating matter as fell over
board Irmn tie burning boat. A large force
of men and i I have been at the scene of
1 the disaster all day. and vigilant search for
the bodies of tlic missing passengers and
crew, lias bei n invcsligiitid, l ul lias resulted
in finding only tile bodies of two men. deck
band*, which were brought to this city and
tak it possession of by the coroner, who em
panelled a jury, which after viewing the
li dies adjourned till to-morrow. The officers
of the boat, particularly the captain and en
gineer received great praise lor their cool
ness and bravery in so trying a position. The
former escaping by lowering himself from the
paddle box, by heaving a line when all the
avenues of escape were closed by tbc flames,
and clung to the paddles until rescued in an
exhausted condition, and the latter losing his
life after giving his life preserver, which he
got from his room on the upper deck at the
last moment to the only lady passenger, who
hy its aid was saved. The origin of the fire
is a matter of uncertainty. Supposed to have
in some way taken in the kitchen when the
cook went to kindle a fire for breakfast. One
account states by a poker heated by rolling
down the fires and being hung against a pine
partition, hut nothing reliable is know n.
The Weiti her.
War Department,
Office of tup. Chief Signal Officer.
Washington, Nov. 22.-7 1*. M. y
Probabilities.
The barometer will probably rise on
Thursday on lakes and in New Kngland with
cold westerly winds and cloudy weather, and
fall in the Southern and Gulf States, with
southwesterly winds a rising temperature.
Cloudy weather is prevailng in Kooky Moun
tains ami w ill probably extend with falling
barometer and rising temperature in the Mis
sissippi valley. Dangerous winds are not
anticipated.
Milliard*.
New i irleans, 22. Cyrille Dion heat Miller
in 7;; innings at French billiards, .700 to 215.
Dion’s greatest rnu was 105.
Fire.
Philadelphia, 22. A portion ot the lumber
yard of J. 11. llagerty, Main street, Phillips
!mrg, X. J., was burned this afternoon with
three buildings and their contents loss
$Ui,0ni).
Kailroatl Accidents.
Cincinnati, 22. A passenger train on the
Indianapolis .Junction liailroad was thrown
from the track hy a broken rail, near Hrowns
ville, Indiana; no lives were lost.
The baggage ear on the Little Miami 1{. K.
which left New York mi Monday evening,
was burned last night near Columbus, the
contents, including the mails, was entirely
consumed.
Telegraph News In General.
Baltimore, 22. The special train from
New York conveying Alexis ami party passed
through the city this evening. A crowd of
several hundred assembled at the Philadel
phia depot, and on the arrival of the train
gave hearty cheers. The Juke appeared on
the platform, and lifted his cap several times.
At the Camden street depot, still larger num
bers gathered. The Grand Duke appeared
on the rear platform and was received by the
throng wilh three hearty cheers which he
gracefully recognized.
Atlanta, Ga., 22. The legislature passed
the election bill for Governor over the act
ing government veto.
Buffalo, N. Y., 22. O. L. Nims a leading
grain dealer suspended to-day. His liabilities
are reported at a quarter of a million, lie
lias a immense amount of grain in store here
and in New York, and ntloat. It is supposed
his assets will meet the liabilities.
Omaha. Neb., 12. Legal proceedings have
been commenced against the Cnion Pacific
transfer company lor charging 50 cents fer
liage for foot passengers across the Missouri
river, the State laws permitting a charge ot
but 10 cents. 'The report ot the legislative
committee of Wyoming territory on condi
tions of the treasurer's accounts for the past
two years, show a worse state of afiairs than
exists in New York.
Nashville. Tenn., 22. The lower branch
of the legislature have adopted the senate
resolution ratifying the contract to lease at
State prison tor labor for five years at S55,000
per annum.
Chicago, 22. A meeting of the policy hold
ers of insurance companies this evening
agreed to appoint attorneies *at all places
where the suspended companies are located,
to prosecute claims. It is believed that this
will save the policy holders at least a million
dollars.
Albany, N. Y., 22. A call has been as
signed for a meeting on Dec. at Syracuse,
of delegates lrom all the temperance organiz
ations in eastern New York, to consider the
form of prohibitory law to be submitted to
the ntxt session of the legislature.
EUROPEAN NEWS.
Brussels. 22. There was an animated de
bate to-day in the Belgian Chamber of Kep
resentative upon the subject of appointment
as Governor of the Province of Liuibnrg. of
Decker, a former manager of the Belgian
school system. The appointment was vigor
ously attacked by the opposition and warmly
defended by the government. The unpopu
larity of the appointee is such that crowds of
the populace inarched this evening lo the
King's palace and loudly demanded the dis
missal of the ministry. In view of these dem
onstrations preparations were made by the
military for the suppression of any disorders.
_FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL
New York .lionet .Market.
Xkw York. November*!.
Gold dosed at 110
Umled Stales Sixes (coupons), 1SB1, 117
5-20’s ISIS!, His.it
teat, in*., a
18K5, lilts S
Its 15, Jan. A July, 1U a
lst>7. 1U’. S
ist* 114%a
lo-to’8,icoupous)J loni, g
Pacific sixes, 4
Centra Pacifies 4
Union V 4
New l ork Stock Market.
New York, November, 22.
Mariposa I do pld.. IS Canton Co. 07 Cum
berland Co. do Western Luton Pel. Co., os1-,
Otii* ksilver Mining Co,, 24 Pacific Mail,
Boston Water Power. 40 Adams K\. Co.. n>
Wells, Faigoct Amenean Merchants l’:i
l’. s. K\. Co., a>'4 N. Y. Central A Hud-on
Hiver. i*2'.» do. serip. *'7t4 Krio.Uo do. pid i d
Harlem, 121 do. pid 121 Heading. 1 l.D, Mieb.
eidral. IP» Lake >lmre and Mienigan "ouihern
s7 Illinois Central l.»2 ioveland A Pill-burg,
127 Chicago A North Western.no**; |d<». pid ai‘ 4
biea;:o A Hock 1-land. I«»d Mil. A >t. Paul .‘4
do. pld., 77 *4 'Dledo, Waba-h A Wt siern,
do. pld Pittsburg A Fort W a*-, Terre
Haute. I" do. pld 2u; Alton, 11« 4 do, pld 120
Ohio A Mi.--., 42 .Boston, Hurt lord A lne. 2
New York Produce Market.
New York, November, 22.
COTTON—sales 2 s bales; mid. uplands is\
H.ol’K—snH); slafe .Vag 7-0; round hoop Ohio
0*i0a720 we-'eui so<$7 4'*. oouthern 117030 2a.
WIIKAT IdiH oO im No. 2 spring l.’tOg i.Y»; new
2 do wmler red and amber western ICO cl 1.
COHN—‘JtAHW new mixed western 70 371b,;
iH)
OATH— sale.- OOOOO western ft*3* g’>:p4
POKIv— new mess, 4124D. old, 1-i 10
00.'o. prime,
LAUD 0 30** steam: 4 kettle, lo'e.
BLTTEU—W e-t’n, 12*211; stale, la^;,:;.
W IllsKKY Western tree, 14
HICK—Carolina, >'4 *j>\»
Sl’UAH— Porto Hieo, 4 Muscovado, 0 310
Chicago Produce Mnrket.
Chicago, NuvimiRt 22.
FLOCK—spring extras
W 11 K AT—No. 2. 12a a 12*.
COKN-ll
OA’l s— 11 tor No. i
K\ K—No .,*12
BA ULKY-02 for No. 2.
MKSSPOUK- 12.40
LAUD S'..
LIVE IIOOS—100.
KKC'KlPTs—O-hki ilour, 4» 00O wheat i7'.*,»K0 corn
a,Dio oats, a.ii.on bailey, 1.1 «mk» bogs.
S?M I’M K\ I's~ ;><Mii 11 on 1, 1,000 corn 1001 oats
•1000 barley 40 UU hogs.
Cincinnati Produce Mark it
Cincinnati, November 22*.
MESH I’* dtlv ii a
LAUD
Bl'l.K Ml. ATS—sides 0**
BACON—shoulder, .'<l4 clear i ibo,fcides 7'4
W U1SKK Y—to,
STATE NEWS.
'I ho Lewiston Journal says it is now
thought that the carriage way of the new
bridge over the Androscoggin between that
city and Auburn, will be open to travel about
a week from next Monday.
At the educational convention in Portland
next week, tree entertainment will be fur
nished to a limited number of ladies, provided
they apply to A. P. Stone, Portland, inclos
ing stamp for return letter. Only those will
be entertained who receive a letter from him,
assuring them before the meeting, that their
application is received. The railroads will
furnish free return tickets to members of the
Association.
It is said that lightning neveV sti ikes but
once in a place, but Mr. Martin of llrown
tield, lias been insured in six different fire
companies, in as many years, all of which
have failed before his term of insurance ex
pired. The last, in the Putnam, was broken
down by the Chicago fire.
In Oxford county, Dr. True says that more
than three hundred teachers have been ex
amined and a graded certificate lias been
given during the last year.
The chief of the Penobscot Indians, Gov.
Newell, with a few of his tribe, is giving ex
hibitions of tile manners, customs, rites and
ceremonies of their ancestors in various parts
of the State.
The Oxford Democrat says that Mrs. Sus
annah Winslow, of Canton, died Oct. 30th,
aged 104 years and 8 months. She was the
mother of nine children, five of whom lived
to be over sixty years old.
The examination of classes at Westbrook
Seminary will occur this week, at the close
of the present term. The fall exhibition
takes place on Thursday evening.
The Press says that on Thursday after
noon, about two o’clock, the body of a wo
man was discovered floating on the water
near the Portland's Company's wharf. It
was taken on shore and Coroner Gould called,
who had the remains taken to Itich'a under
takers shop, on Exchange street, and the
woman was recognized as the wife of John
O'Neal, who fives on Pleasant street. Mr.
O’Neal says hist wife left the house about
half past 'J o’clock Tuesday morning, after
which he heard nothing of her till her body
was found. lie says be don't know in what
condition she was when she left, but she was
somewhat intoxicated Monday night. The
probability is that she wandered off in a
drunken state and fell overboard. When
found she had on-no outside garments. She
was abont 40 years of age.
Mr. Wni. M. Hollins, well known through
out the eastern section of the State as a
prominent lumberman, died at Orono on Mon
day.
The Gardiner .Journal says that on the 30th
inst., Geo. M. Gordon of Chelsea, while
chopping wood in the woods for Thomas
Searles, Esq., by a glance of hie axe, re
ceived the whole force on the front part of
the thigh just above the knee joint, severing
the te-ndonous union of the extensor muscles
of the thigh with the patella, ltr. Small
happened to be at Mr. Scarfs at the time on
a professional visit, and dressed the wound.
The patient is doing as well as could he ex
pected.
A Hichmond correspondent of the Lewis
ton Journal writes that arrangements have
been made lor a course of lectures and con
certs to be given under the auspices ot this
society. It is hoped that the series of enter
tainments will he opened Thanksgiving day
evening, the 00th, witli an Old Folks Con
cert. The following lecturers have already
been secured Gov. Perharo, Prof. Barbour
of Bangor, Prof. Hayes of Lewiston, Hcv.
Ur. Haven of Boston, and X. Dingley, Jr.,
of the Lewiston Journal. The course w ill
consist ot eight entertainments.
The Augusta correspondent of the Bangor
Whig gives the particulars of a strange pre
sentiment. Charles F. Berry, a musician re
siding in-this city, played at a ball at Ken
dall’s Mills on Monday evening, and after the
the ball retired to rest as usual, but was resl
le s and unable to sleep, and a sensation of
dread of something wrong took hold of his
mind. He stroie to shake it off, and courted
sleep in vain, iso strong did this uneasiness
become, that lie at length arose and took the
lirst train for Augusta, and immediately went
to his home, where he found his wife and
little son of four years of age, both nearly
suffocated from coal gas. It was a long time
before they would be revived. Had lie been
absent an hour longer, they would doubless
have both been dead.
A large number of Swedish emigrants came
to Portland by tho Hibernian on Tuesday,
some of whom will settle in Aroostook coun
ty.
The catalogue of Nichols Latin School in
Lewiston shows a total of 70 pupils for (lie
academic year just closed. The special ob
ject of the school is to thoroughly prepare
students for the Freshman class of any col
lege, though students who do not contemplate
a college course are admitted to any of the
classes which they have the qualification to
enter. The course of study comprises three
years and as many classes.
A Cornet Band has recently been organ
ized at Mechanic Falls with fourteen mem
bers.
NEWS IIY MAIL.
Acting Governor Conolly of Georgia, lias
vetoed the bill ordcring-a special election to
fill the vacancy created by Bullock's resigna
tion.
The commissioner of internal revenue rules
that the exemption of new national bonds
from taxation includes the interest as well as
principal.
Snow fell on Thursday night throughout
Colorado to the depth of eight or ten inches
The railroads are now clear, though six
inches more snow fell on Monday night.
The lion. John Bright has returned to
London Irom Scotland, entirely recovered in
health and spirits, lie states that it is his in
tention to return to political life at the earli
est opportunity.
Lieutenant-Governor Dunn of Louisiana is
very ill w ith congestion of the lungs and his
physicians despair of his recovery.
The magistrates at Torquay have refused
an application tor had in the case of John
Dribble, secretary ot the Total Abstinence
society of Brixham, who publicly accused
Queen Victoria ot intoxication.
At a meeting of steamboat owners, in New
ork on Monday, steps w en taken to form a
permanent organization, and a petition circu
lated requesting Congress to amend the
steamboat laws.
Investigation has proved that the charge
against Alderman C. C. 1*. Holden of Chica
go, of misappropriating funds of the relief
committee, is entirely unfounded.
A strange and xtrem. ly unpleasant mis
take occurred in East Boston recently. A
new domestic had just been engaged by a
family on London street. The lady of the
house had had occasion to use an application
of Croton oil and had left a bottle ol it in the
kitchen. The new girl supposed it to be tiair
oil and thought an application would benefit
her hair, iso she poured on a good quantity
of it—they seldom do anything of the kind by
halves—and went to bed. I lie effect of it
was not very surprising bet very painful.
When she arose in the morning her head was
ns bald as the traditional billiard ball, anil
the oil trickled down her face and run into
her eyes, burning her face and seriously en
dangering her eyesight. She was removed
to tlie eitv hospital for treatment.—Boston
Advertiser,
The Cava: and Cure of Consumption.
The primary cause of Consumption is derange
nicnt of the digestive organs. This derangement
produces deficient nutrition and assimilation. By
assimilation 1 mean that process by which the nu
triment of the food is converted into blood, and
thence into the solids of the body. Persons w ith
digestion thus impaired, having the slightest pre
disposition to pidinoiidry disease, or if they take
cold, will be very liable to have Consumption of the
Lungs in some of its forms; and 1 hold that it will
be impossible to cure any case of Consumption
without first restoring a good digestion and healthy
assimilation. The very first tiling to be done is to
cleanse the stomach and bowels from ail diseased
mucus and slime which is clogging these organs so
that they cannot perform their functions, and then
rouse up and restore the liver to a healthy action.
Tor this purpose, the surest ami best remedy is
Schem k\s Mandrake Pills. These Pills cleanse the
stomach and bowels of all the dead ami morbid
■dime that i* causing disease and decay in the whole
system. They will clear out the liver of all diseased
bile that has accumulated there, and arouse ft up
to a new and healthy action, by w hich natural and
healthv bile is secreted.
i 7?,*° pt°mach, bowels and liver are thus cleansed
ny the use ot x*henck’a Mandrake Pills; but there
remains in the stomach an excess of avid, the organ
is torpid, and the appetite is poor. In the bowels,
the lacteal* are weak, and requiring strength and
support. It i* in a condition like tin* that Schenck'a
Seaweed Tonic proves to be the most valuable
remedy ever discovered. It is alkaline, and its use
will neutralize all excess o* acid, making the stom
ach sweet and fresh; it will give permanent tone to
this important organ, and create a good, hearty ap
petite, and prepare the system tor the first process
of a good digestion, and ultimately make good,
healthy, living blood. After this preparatory treat
ment. what remains to cure most cases of consump
tion is tin* free ami perservering use of .Schenck’a
Pulmonic synip. The Pulmonic Svrtip nourishes
the system, purifies the blood, and is readily ab
sorbed into the circulation, and thence distributed
to the diseased lungs. There it ripens all morbid
matters, whether in the form of abscesses or tuber
cle*. and then assists Nature to expel all the die
I eased matter in the form of free expectoration, when
om e it riper,s. It is theu, by the great healing and
purifying properties of x.heuck’s Pulmonic Syrup,
that all ulcers and cuvities are healed up sound,
and my patient is cured.
The essential thing to be done in curing Consump
tion is to get up a good appetite and ikgood diges
tion, so that the. body will grow in flesh and get
strong. If a person has diseased lungs, a cavity or
abscess there, the cavity cannot heal, the matter
cannot ripen, so long a* the system is below par.
What i* necessary to cure is a new order of things,
a good appetite, a good nutrition, the body to grow
in flesh and get fat; then Nature is helped, the cav
ities will heal, the matter will ripen -ami be thrown
off in large quantities, and tlie person regain health
and strength. This is the true and only plan to
cure Consumption, and if a person is very bad, if
the lungs are not entirely destroyed, or even if one
lung is entirely gone, if there is enough vitality left
in the other to heal up, there is hope.
I have seen many persons cured with only one
sound lung, live and enjoy life to a good obi age.
This is w hat Schenck’a medicines w ill do to cure
Consumption. They will clean out the stomach,
sweeten and strengthen it, get up a good digestion,
and give Nature the assistance sne needs to clear
the system of ail the disease that is in the lungs,
whatever the form may be.
It is important that, while using Schenck’s medi
cines, can* should be exercised not to take cold;
keep in-doors in cool and uainp weather; avoid
night air, and take out-door exercise only in a geni
al and warm sunshine.
1 wish it distinctly understood that when I recom
mend a patient to l»e careful in regard to taking
cold while using my medicines, 1 do so for a special
reason. A man who has but partially recovered
from the effects of a bad cold is far more liable to a
relapse than one who has been entirely cured, anti
it is precisely the same in regard to consumption.
So long as the lungs are not perfectly healed, just so
long is there imminent danger of a full retnrn of the
disease. Hence it is that 1 so strenuously caution
pulmonary patients againt exposing themselves to
an atmoi-nhere that is not genial and pleasant.
Confirmed consumptives’ lungs are amass of sores,
which the least change of atmosphere will inflame.
The grand secret of my success with mv medicines
consists in my ability to subdue inflaination instead
of provoking it, a< many of the faculty do. An in
flamed lung cannot with safety to the patient be
exposed to the biting blasts of winter or the chill
ing winds of spring or autumn. It should be care
fully shielded from all irritating influences. The
utmost caution >hould be observed in this particu
lar, as without it a cure under almost any circum
stances is an impossibility.
The person should be kept on a wholeso oe and
uutriciotis diet, and all the medicines continued
until the body has re.-tored to it the natural quanti
ty of flesh and strength.
1 was myself cured by this treatment of the worst
kind of Consumption, and have lived to getf at and
hearty these many years, with one lung mostly
gone. 1 have cured thousands since, and very
many have been cured by this treatment whom I
have never seen.
About the first of October I expect to take posses
sion of m v new building at the northeast corner of
sixth and Arch streets, where I shall be pleased to
give advice to ad who may require it.
Full directions accompany all mv remedies, so
that a person in any part of the worfd can be read
ily cured by a strict observance of the same,
J. H. SCT1KNCK, M. D.
Philadelphia.
«EO. f. fioomvn A CO., Agents,
POSTON.
Wanted 2.) Horses to Board.
rl' IIE subscriber wishes to correspond with parties
J having horses which they wish to have board
ed during the coming winter, at lair rates. J have
bad experience with all classes of horses, and have
a convenient and comfortable stable, and ameer
tain that any party entrusting the care of their
horses with me will be pleased with the result.
J. C. MACE.
Uefkuknce—John Lambeit, (Rep.elect); E.U.
P.eau, Att’y.
i lteudtictd, Maine, Nov, 11, 1871. fiw
1871. FALL anu W1MER. 1871.
Woodman, True Co.,
JOUiiKRS OS''
DltV FLOODS
—AND—
WOOLENS.
Have in store and are constantly receiving THE
LATEST STYLES in
FOltElGX "Ml DOMESTIC
DRY C OODS,
tn groat.'r variety than ever before offereil to the
TRADE IX M.VI.M;.
Woodman, True Co.,
CORNER MIDDLE PEARL ST.,
i'OHTL.M.ro..W.II.VE.
2m3ti
L, BOSTON
MEDICAL
INSTITUTE,
No. 34 Temple Place
BOSTON.
B. B. BUSSELL, Prw'f.
W. R. WILBUR, Sccr'y.
IB. GREENE. M. I),
t$upt. Phyatcian
_ Office Hours, 0 to 2.
The object in establishing this Institutioc
was to attain the greatest perfection in th»
preparation, practice and use cf Vegetable
Remedies, and to secure a permanent place
whure Families, Invalids, or any peraon could
oDtam (he best medical advice, and such rem
edies as each might require, without the use
of poisonous drugs.
Dr. Greens has been Physician of the Insti
tute since its foundation, now more than
twenty-five years. Few men have had sc
large experience in the treatment of chronic
diseases. Dr. Greene is in his fifty-fifth yeat
and has devoted his life to this branch of hi!
profession, and his success, we believe is with
out parallel.
Among the diseases to which he gives es
pecial attention may be noticed Cancer, Scrof
ula, Catarrh, lironchitis, Consumption, Heart
Disease, Neuralgia, Asthma, Nervousness,
Rheumatism, Paralysis, Spinal Diseases, Dys
pepsia, Liver Complaint, Female Complaints,
Eaint Stomach, Erysipelas, White Swelling,
Salt Rheum, Canker, Deafness, Sidney Dis
:uscs, Seminal Weakness, Ac.
Dr. Greene’s Medical Pamphlet, descrip
tive of diseases and their proper treatment, will1
>e sent free to invalids.
Address, R. GREENE, M. D.,
84 Temple Place, Jiystyn., Mass.