j;p jpiease rj|rxhim£
I
tiP SUNDAY? 1 (SjTOBHU -2,1671.
tot
r i f\r »xi O Thicth;:: has opened \l a "office'* at
r Sc -lh Canal street, West Division, and tho
r 'rill hereafter he regularly tinted from that
I o till farther notice.
laj. To Advertisers.
.;vvote oil ttic sracc we can possibly spare
*JI. vcrt s-r m-tbu morning**' papar* and
k{. •••whotJtt-1 Ihfjitrtlu ir adrertisemenU ire Idt
tn I V l f 5«; ibs oCCfcS£ily6fjfi£vinK n
tyi* ,irr{ n of our columns I the reading pab
Ihe demand for intelligence is not only »n
--hU iS- c it is absolutely. necetear? to the
J- *ro o[ the people ;n i ihe city that moeb ol
a which we publish should co to- the public
t iivtdc oar spncj Wtwcca lb a rcadcrand the
Tllscr. and that* 5- the beat wo can dolor
41 0-* ,J cb-vjfc*. The advertiser -will understand
t';o earlier in day ho efres us what he
>-e« t; have published, and the smaller the
L.-.-c iatj which be condenses it, the ptore
o •"ly it i# to Dnd a plnco in onr columni,
tj*‘
s1 f* lIESTOItm COXFID£KCI!.
r ihe commercial credit of Chicago, as
•velopc-d by the present direful visita
pjl cn. cannot but be n source of gratiGca
-4.' on. amid the general gloom.. The limes
-t try men's souls arc upon us. Ccr
•j: ldnly,the.stuff of which we, pvseity and
ij commercial are made, has been
verdy tested by the calamity which has
I 1 ist visited us. 1 It has been” tried by fire,
*i’d found to be- pure, gold. -'A l
'r.st. h v-r good for L -the gold, j
hr our banks arc filling their vaults up 1
ath the money that is pouring in upon us
k. 1 n token ot the confidence felt by capital-
.its in the future of Chicago and the staunch 3
p- quality of our business men. The money
pouring in through the channel of Joans
j.womptly tendered ill ya’St amounts
md at fair rales. It isjpodring ijrvfor the
jurclnlscld real estate:jm
.ngly near those of a fortnight ago. which
many saidwero “itrfiated.r It is pouring
..’i in the prompt offers of Eastern
creditors of our merchants to cx*
their time and to
./:ir-«tock their stores without present ad"
ft»vance? or additional securities. It Is ppur
®i ingin so profusely on Jumfeaa to
P evince plainly that t,[aud
•.hat the world at large is as determined as
any of us are that. Chicago must rise again,
and that right rapidly.' Thts“" testimonial
oi universal confidence La-Chicago is only
touching than the benefactions which
have been scut as downright gifts of
charity to our destitute ones. It is re
sponded to by the heroic.acts of our own
business men in resolving to pay all obli
gations to the.; uttermost'farthing. The
one fact 5s the natural complement of the
other: lor nothing so inspires to worthy
deeds ns timely expressions of confidence
such as Chicago is eliciting from every
quarter.
JE
fa

Uilll) WORK .VXl> WO I‘ArPERISM,
It should l»e distinct*}' understood ’that
no part of the money or supplies" sent to"
this city for the relief of the distressed is
io be given or expended, except to relieve
present necessities. The homeless are to
bti proviJed-with shelter,yxnd, wheS neces
sary, with indispensable articles _of furni
ture and such food and supplies as may
be required until workcan be obtained.
Men, women, boys, and pris, wbd weri: at
work before the fire, will he.providcd.with
work as rapidly ns’possiblc^ Such is thfei
rc-cnppraitvc energy of the city that there
is n-tually more employment to-day for 1
iddlit d and unskilled labor than there was'
vemre me fire. There is not a mechanic
who cannot find an abundance of work.
Every unskilled laborer in the city can
find plenfy of work at sl-50 per day, and
the work will continue all through the
winter. The wages roll of last Saturday
night was, tor adcstroyed -city, enormous,
and would have been mhch greater if the
workmen could have been obtained. All
the men who can work are not at work,
•There arc whole, families who never-lost a
penny, and who dived’ miles distant from,
the fire, who fire living upon the plunder
obtained during the first week’s indiscrim
inate 'UstrUmltonv 'The tUc”
churches should be closed to.all earn the
inmates, and the' inmatcs’"shouid’ be
promptly furnished with ■habitations, and*
put ai work. Tbc distribution off
supplies should- be directed with;
ole reference to taking care of those not
able to work, and every applicant proven
not to have been a sufferer should be
handed over to the police. Every person
who was burned out has a claim for relief
?o long as his destitution 'remains, but the
honest sufferers want employment and not
aim?. Every" strong, "able-bodied, un-,
married woman asking relief, ought to-be”
tendered a situation. It she refuse it. she
should be stricken from the roll.
The conduct of n majority of the* girls at
domestic .service has been extremely*rc.
prehensile. Though they lost nothing
(\rc mean those ut service in the unbarnt
district), and have comfortable homes, and
good board and wages, they, hav6 become
insolent, and in many cases hgve deliber
ately left work, and gone to lire at
ilorchcs All these should
packed off to work. The
money and supplies were not sent here lor
iheir relief, and* they 'should be4old iha t
in this country pauperism is not much re
moved from crime,: aiuMn, this 'city not
at all L j:r .-g*
There tsTwork liefc natf, arid wilP be ;fbr
several uxoatliA-idL jk.lUed labor of. all
kinds, ut tbe wages, paid before the fire-
There is ,emplojment_to, be had bj every
tinskillod laborer at the same rale of wages
paid before the fire;
The -cost of living baa; not increased
rince tiie fire. Oti the contrary, the prices
nil articles of fond baVcboen large!}-re
duced, and the supply of coal on hand
and within reach forbids any prospect of
scarcity in that article.
Work, therefore, is a necessity, and,
never was misfortune so amply relieved as
it is in our ease by the demand for labor
When the committees cut off all dead*'
male and female, at the supply de
pots, they will advance the important end
uf making the whole community self-sup
porting.
BATES OF INBCBAXCE.
The Cincinnati Gazette protests egainst
t!ie cry of tho surviving InSoranCQ com
panies for higher rates. It argues that
tuc Chicago fire furnishes no sufficient
reason or justification for an advance of
rates, and thinks that, if the companies
would reduce the excessive brokerage paid
to agents and dmmtficrs, they tvould soon
recover from their losses by the Chicago
fire.
Competition for business has heretofore
been so sharp among the companics’thnt
they have “cut'’ each other on rates, and
paid exorbitant commissions to their drum,
risers, who in turn have been perfectly
reckless as, to the character of the risks
taken, or' ‘-he amount of insurance on
property. It has become a general practice
u p a y from 20 to 25 per cent of the gross
premiums to agents for procuring policies
and wo‘Jcnov which,*
psy as high as 3G to -10 per cent .on all the
money they receive. Some .of the com
panies who <k> business on the instalment'
plan give the agents the jwhole amount
paid for the first year's insurances, and
then cariy’on business
can be collected on the driblet notes taken
for the subsequent yeare. r
All this sort of reckless and improvi
dent business, and extravagant commis
sions, should, at once he reformed. Let
t^ose wishing insurance apply for it to the
over-insurance, tempting to
The business ns heretofore carried j
legitimate and imprudent, and tbc&oner it
is changed the better for 1
One :<?f the results—-of—the .Chicago
lire is. to. v d.clugc 'Eastern papers
wilh-t9vcriiEeSi3'c.Psaj.o| iosurav.ee compa
nies, to most ofwlikhJa.appended the leg.
end ,l No
must,be. confessed municipal
sbottodttiibgfl in-respect to Bro3pjsflitubfa
did furnish many' insufandfe ~n\rnlphhic&
with a,sufficient -reason foe. refusing to do
business in Chicago." Tollidsd wfcch'have
overlooked our difficulties for the sake of,
our Jpalroaag?, we have doubtless paid
onl inorei an
the lebet -woufd have beqn; sf: enforcing
Besides, we bate
lost our*c»fy and bankrupted all'di onrwn
insurance. _con^)anies. A burnt child
dreads the fire no more “than a sagacious
un decw ri tc y chu n sn- burat-out
it bo that r city re- going to
profit by her lesson and guard effectually
against the next fire. Let a stiff ordinance
on.this subject be passed,.and a disposition
be manifested by the business’community
toco-operate with the oily government in
its enforcement, and we shall see no more
insurance companies advertising “Xo
agency in Chicago.’'
Since the Chicago fire, the press of
other cities is beginning to inqnire wheth
er their pwn protection Against is adc-
arc- liable to
go to destruction, whenever the wind and
against them -ns" tEe/did
Jv few [York U
forty-two drigvnbs—a provision
certainly much more adequate to the area
of the. city,-, taking iujo.considcratiop also
thaqqallty* of the buildings, .than the fire
dcpartracnt~of Chicago furnishes. Never
incdtsss, ti*o j7vpfS't»j JtfaW jorg/is. jin. addi
tion to thefiro apparatus- and. an increase
in the force of firemen, especially in the
upper portion-or.the city.. -v Undoubtedly
many 1 of ’dottars’ worth" of
•property, vfjll be;. indirectly -saved
.by: the, calamityacting -upon
the sensibilities, of the.. peoplc in
otherparls-of the country, apdprqmpuag
to.greater precarrtionsagaiast damage, It
is a good deal like the coses where blocks
of buildings are saved by the timely blow
ing;up of oneW 'Chicago represent
ing th c one wHi cii is sacrificed‘for the good
of nll the Wit.' 1 I.
The Western Insurance Company, of
Buffalo,have issued a-statement of its
condition, by which Us: asset? arc placed
at 15537i19£.-' Its tipped stated'
obe $314,526. The company, accordipjr
to this, has assets amounting to about CO
J per:^ent.oC T .,»t l statement
deducts froiails asWt* $230;000,
the' outstanding,
risks of the company,” leaving bat s3o7|-
106 with which to pay its $884,000 losses..
This is on the dollar. This rale
oTadj n s tin cm iis wh&jylndffGiisiNc,' !The I
pclaal and 'to be
paid to the last penny. Such debts have
a priority over any demand for the return
afunearnedprennuiqari
Agaift
Insurance Company is offering to settle
with its <m-4hc losses of 25
-w»btsM)n the dollar.' '•■Thd Josses of this
company are about $2,500,000. Hut it is
r onty h'short umc =ancc thcy:wero adver-
Hsing tbat 'lbeyihad assets lo*he amount.
'What hah become of those
■asSetk? ‘Either 1 -‘the ‘advertisement was
false, or’ ihebfier''to
ahptild bc rej(Kteli
LBTTEBfI FRO» (TTIZEXSO
GAS FOR TOE SOUTH DIVISION*.
The following card. Secreta
ry of tbc Chicago Oas Light and Coke Company,
will be found, the suggestions,
thereinshould receive immediate attention:
To Ihf Editor of The Chicago Tribune
The workaof the Chicago Gas Light tad Coke
Company on tboNorth>Sido ore In pcffcctorder,
.-tod the company la prepared th furnish gas in
Uw Bauth -Division oasoofi ns the aarrico*ptpes
mlhe burned district are closed up.-Owing, to the.
burning coal In many placea-underthoSldeiralki,
/these openings cannot be raachadv a-little
operation on tbe part of property-owners ayicb
-thar.ainpacyjgould.tcnd to JjAifen m alter*, and
-ntble tne company to torn on the -gat. .i*»rtiaa
wishing oerrireepipea -pot in should apply at*
one*, In ord«r tbti th* wurb may be done before
cold wqather sets In, Tho office tho company
(s -in .the Fir*t Baptist. Cbhrch, .on Wabash
avenue, near HdbbaHcoarf. i
7 i ’Jxiftg U Bcrtis, Secretary.
Cnicioo, G0t.:20,157L
i -:iKdtEcibCK;roti»r.
—A oorrerpoodent, .visited ~tbc' water
works, expresses bis aslcmTifimeii t’that a wooden
roof is being pat over tbe engine room, the ma
terial used being pine booms ten inches square.
Qes&ya i: the timber' is green iu weight would
be sufficient to crush the engines in falling,
while,-if tirif dry;* stysy tpork fepto the tali
ctunnoyhyUs ’-aioe mayat aoyjmotuent plunge
tbo «»iy irtTtnottrfrfattfiDi of waterrand into an
unutterable dread of fire. Tbo writer demands,
lo lho -name of liumanity, —that
dangerous rooJ-Bo taken 'dowa losCanuy,' and
tbaia-sail cioth bansed tt3 r lho* temporary root
of thb'onklne-rddm until such time as a perma
nent iron roof van be eoastntetad.-
XORTH SIDE 'BCB'UJfE.
-A resident of tho unbnrnt portion of tbe North
Division writeras fallows: Mr. Young, «.-f the
North’Stdo'-Has Ltae.ls dolng-himself -a ’great
Injury by notmnniqc bis stages later than 6
o'clock in tbaerening. Many men of the North
Bide-caimot get to lboatacs before 6:26. and to
walk three jntles U too mueh. Can Mr. Young
bid rtth the ’busacs-* 1 httU-foUr?”
THE TREES.
A Practical' Snffgeatlon.
To the Chisago Tribune:
Sis: The’de»trdction'of*the many fine trees.
whtchTccanUy-adpracd our atrecti tb e
calnmUioisres til ring flrir.'Vbieb le
will require maßy years to rcooveffrom. Bui
there are consolatory reflections which may uot
occurto
are simple bets, 4f vegetable physiology which
mnynoi*4mknAwn- i -te4hiMx»..aßd which should
be borne in mind as tbe readiest sunree of re
lief. -In thafiat place, the process ol rebuilding'
'Wonld'BOd&sarilr involve the nutting riown ol
uUoy.ct thS street trace, evert if they, had re
mained uninjured. Secondly, the work nf gutting
them down and removing them will furbish*
emptorfeoat to- aooa -poor men who will gladly
d<* thb'wOfS’forche sake-of tho fuel with which
theyiwiil thus be -.provided: and finally, the
reo'U will vety'rarely-to founu to havoeustained
any very serious iolazx;-and as the* tcosoo’s
growth bad been fully wceomplUbod before the
trunks wererdestroyed. a .rigorous growth ol
jrtokpmriUvpriawtipnextJjefirfrnttthe stomp:
and by selecting one or more of the bo?t and
protecting them while small, the trees
ftap hV-surpliyd in by plant
ing young trees, and without any of tbe labor
whioh tbat.wttuAredaleeh
Let the earth be cleared away from the base,
and tbe trees entsqaarely off an inch or so below
the level ot sho troond. Than cover tbo stamp
with earth and‘leave It till spring. This will
preserte U‘ from, -injury any building
operations /Wblcdt-'tsoy bo going on meantime,*
mdif then ■uncovered; a wbetobarvest of young
suckers will spring .op from i l,of which three ut
fmirof tha-strongest should-bo sclooud and
Tuardcd with stakes, and the rest rubbed out.
Tory will grow with wonderful rapidity, and
rarely fail -to make-group* ul greater beauty than
single trees.hnd wfll o-t only form a- singular
amt..finking feature in the appearane* ol our
.-•trestt, but will serve os mementoes of tho great
fire,-which will be pointed oat for generations to
outne.
11, W. T. CI.EVrLAND,
Chicago, Oct, 20.1571.
A Free Pnblle lie Dearborn
-Park*
To lh« Editor of the Chicago Tribune:
Stt: In your lugs of Weduesdoy/pctobar IS,
public attention sras directed to*the great ncecs
aityfora public library* and.the wants of the
.legal prpfe«ipn esp|ei ally jtCKnted-
We want a"largei free* library,
and particularly a law library, bnt a medical one
Is also a pressing necessity. Tde large collections
at" the-"Arcade tmildrogr-tiertieeilerel' rooms.
Bush Medical Callage. Academy of Sciences, and’
at the large-hoek-etareeravaileble to all.-holng
-ail destroyed, together with-the many extensive
private, libraries, make this need very pressing;
A igßa«taL-Übrarxii;l»oked’.fcpon r ai miaxory.-
bntwUtt Uiriervphyßiolaas* clergymen, editors.
an 4, many business, men; 'books -are. a neces
sity. At provisien was- made for. ihclr re
ception, and the simple fact 'made' known
that they ittxild be received, thousands of necea-'
saiyrolames would, we know.eoon be sent as.
These should lotm a free Public Library—a city
iosiitulion. What more fitting to adorn the cen
tre of Dearborn Park- than a eubatanli iorsa
montalfnblle library building, ereeted by vol
untary, and filled with preeiour
volume* from oar irioodi io all parts of the
world? x
The Historical Society, Academy of' Sciences.
Law Institute, medical societies, and the various
library aaioolations could all unite as aid com
mittees,
la the meantime,' lot the needed volumes
cost and temporary quarters can be provided
Cor them aptll a permanent central, building'
for them ond lhe mala relicts of
tbefire.
J hararabont 200 volumes of -medioal books
and joncnals (saved from the fire) I would gladly'
place in sueb A general-repository for the benefit
ofmylwT-fortanato-medteal brethren.- Yours,
fraternally, •'»T. C. Dcxca.v,
,v Edltdr Medical Investigator.
CmCAGO.Oct.2O 1871.
—The deoieioa which ChancdlnrZabriskie. of
Now Jersey, delivered a few days since, sanc
tions a leave cl -the raifrsads-and-canals of Nov
Jersey, to a corporation io another State for-999
year*. Tho ea-caUed Crdud Cota panics nf New
Jersey areas loliowe: Tbs Delaware A Raritan
Canal Cotapf nv, the Camden A Amboy Railroad
Company, and the New Jersey Railroad A Trans
portation Company. This decision titfei to the
r-y f
B _fi te f|
Mcnsnrft. rtiio'tiii;.
■l ria isiomi’C.
The Canal -and "Warelunise
The Canal Bill.
A BILL IwV cit_thc c l V
of Chicaso upop the Illinois and Michlsati Ca
nal and revenue®, WVofdndihg to said city the
amount expended by Itin tdaklns'llic improve
•meet contemplated bsv**AoAct to'provide
for the completion of tholUlnpisand Michi
gan Canal upon the plan adopted by-tho Statc
in lS3d,” npprhte?l February-14,1 1835, together
with the interest,thereon. avotuborited--bi
section s_of said act, nod to provide -tor in
solos bonds therefor. I
WpmKis, The city of Chicago ho* expended
a Urge amount ut money. to-wit: the sum of
two and n half millions of dollars, to secure the
completion ot tho SamnritDivisiun of the Illi
nois and Michigan Cnnnl. nndcr and pursuant
to tho provisions ofsali'act. *o approved Febru- i
ary 16, A, 1). 1565. and act supplementary there- 1
to: and
Whehejls. Tho said cityjias a vested Hen
upon the said caonl, with Us revenues, subjcclto
any canal debt existing nt'lb 6Vime of the pas
sage of said aela: and
ITHKUIUS. Saldthen vxifltingdobt-duebyih'c
Sum bji been fully paid and cancelled: nnd
Wucntxfi.'Tbp Canal Trustees hare delivers!
to tbe Suto of Illinois possesion and control of
•aid canal; and. _
Whereas, It is provided by Section 5 of said
act os folioirtf*'-" Jrboßtato of -lilidoia may. at
any time, relieve this lien up-m the canal unit
revenues, by refunding to tbe city of 'Chicago
the amount expended in making tbe icuntem
plaled Improvement; and the interest thereon.'*'
K«w. therefore.
Section 1. If* it -«auei*d bg th/ people of ihe
Stateo/ lUinoie,'rrpresenl‘ed t»i th* (iencral .\t
tcmblu. That the sum of two million nine hun
dred and Blty-flro thousand 'three hundred add
forty dollars ($2,955,3401. with -interest thercou
until poid.be, and the same is hereby, appro
priated for the purpose.of rdleving lhe Jltfn as
aforesaid, being tbe.prihcipal expended and the
interest tacreon':' trbich' said sum is hereby re
funded to -said city, and, whou paid, said city
shall execute and deliver to the State of Illinois
a proper release of said lien, to the satisfaction
of the Governor; and tbe Auditor ot Slate,
under tho .dlrecuon uf the Governor, is hereby
directed t« draw LU warrants for said sum.i f
money and interest',; payable..ppjy out of any
moneys In "tho Treasury-hi longing to the fund
hereafter provided, to be known ns the Canal j
Redemption Fund.”
That, for the purpose ol providing said fund,
any funds that are now or may he hereof term
the State Treasury, paid in-on tbe ol
*s**■ CimnjiCTvmen .with the TrQStees>of
the JUioou and.Michigan Usnm, as wen as twin
the revenue of-tho canal.—also, ail'funds that
aro n»tr, or may bereallor be. paid into the Stu'e
Treasury, known as the Illinois Ccatralßail
road Fund, J '—shall h« traaaierrediiy. thc Staid
Treasurer, upon the 'Auditor’s warrant drawn
lor that purpose, to said redemption land: that
ataxol one and abaft mills .on each dollar ol
the assessed value of all the taxable propci ty of
the State bo luricd a special tux for tbu years
1871 and IST2; and. totm*bt buy deficit in said rev
enue*; to meet laidappropriation, tbo Governor,
Auditor, nod Treasurer aro hereby authorized to
issue the amount
ol two hundred and fitly" thdu-hUd dollars; said
bonds to Dear interest at the rate of six pur cent,
per annum, payable -sotnhannuiiUy in the city
of New York; and shall b<j.paid, at pleasure of
the State, at any time after three years alter the
‘date thereof, SD>isb«ll hoof socn denominations
ttsthcGorcrnor may-deem advisable, ami be
known ..as the “Revenue l>efieit ‘Band*,’' and.
shall be dellvcrod to tbo city authoriliog of the
city of Chicago, at, pur, as d pdrtpaymcnlon
üb'ive appropriations: I’rotidcd, hbxaecer. That.
not less than-onefiftb, nor to exceed uuc-tbud.
.otadid Hiip fro appropriatcdiShall bo received by
said cityj ahu bo applied in reconstructing the
bridges and tbe public. building* und structure*
destroyed by fire, upon the original sites thure-1..
hi already provided by-the Common Council:
and'tho remainder thereof to- bo applied to tue
payment bi the interest on the bonded debt 0:
.such. city, aud the .maintenance of the Fire and
Police Departments thereof,
«r great conflagration
iri tbo-oity of.Chicago, ilhir public bpijdiug*.
bridges, and other public improvements bate
been totally destroyed, nod. tbo .business ol the
courts Is suspended, whereby.an. emergency ex
istsusa reason why this act shall.uko vfiVct bi.-.
fore tb- first day 01 July'next; therefore,
Be it further enacted, That this act* shall take
effect nod be in force from and alter it? p.n?!ivi-.
The Warehoiue Bill,
A BILL <or an Act to amend an Act entitled
“An Act to regulate public warchodros and
the warohodsinc-of (train,-, and tQ clvo rffect to
Article 15 bl tfae -Constitution of this State,*’
approved April 25; 187 L
WhibbaS, In tbe Ereati conlUkralldn in the
city of Gbicoru. larve auiabcra.of'tbei receipt?
ftr ffrahj, issued by warehouses of Class A. in
said'eity, have been destroyed; ami
Whereas, Section 25 of tho act to regulate'
warehouses, and tbe waToboufimr im
poses a penalty djMnandh warehousemen for dc
liverioc strain, except upon presentation of tbc
reeeipta’givcn tberefor-;-th«rotore.
-—J7c i* enacted Sp the People »f ih€
Safe vj lUinoie, tcjyretented in the General .l«-
«enrWy, That so much of. Section ,25; entitled
**Att Act entisied an aot to regulate
public- warehouses i: and...•tlje; .WArcbPus
or and inspection of era in. ana to civo
effect io Article ]3'Of the constitution of ibis
Suite,” a* isetabraord in tbo (ollowintr word*,
to wii: “Or .who shall remove any property from
st»rc; except*!to. preserve it from fire or other
sudden danger, without' the return and collec
tion of any and nil outstanding-xcceipr? that
may htrvebeenii'aacd'-to"rcprcitnt such prop
erty.” shall not be bold to apply to warehouse
receipts issued by nny wnrohoufu ot Class A.
dati-il-prior-to October 8-iSZL.
Sec. i Wiikbkas, On account of the destruc
tion of-saul-receipts.-an cuicrffeney exist? that
ibis att should take effect Immediately; there
tore*?
Bill farther ejfueteffr That ‘thU-aotabaU take
effect and be in force from and after it? pns'ngc.
AEWS BY MAIL,
One of the.tnoat remarkable religious move*
monUoinoo tho Reformation U&ua in progress
in Syria., it ia.no lest than tbo conversioni ot, tin*
pedpTe' by thousands to Christianity.* 'tillages
-tro offering thomjaiyos>m-ii b«dy> lor conver-ion
to .Cbristlpnity; not only the poorer, but ifomp
tn«M tK* rltaut U,il«nrtW tU»«oMltr Eciot
of the.number. There is serious danger of a col
lision between tbe Mohammedan and the
Christian communities.
“The London Pall Mall (iaseiiext ina terriblo
way. It fears that tue city of Chicago Ua* the
power to ruin the Dominion of Canada. “All
that Is needful Is for Chicago to cut n canal thir
teen feet deetrthrovcbtbeiteU of limestone wh;eii
girts the aontbenr'bty of Lake Mlcbigtn, nod
then the water*that flow, north into', tbo Gulf
of St. Lawrence will have, instead to flqw south
into the Mississippi and Gulf of Mexico
—There, is erecting for President Grant, In
Washington, ono -of the costiiNC stables in the
United States, two atorics high, prosed brick
front, with Seneca stone trimming*, ood a most
laborately finished and boaotilully..designed
French reef, in the centre of which wilt be built
■a hondJOTPo tower. The stable will cisl $50,0(W.
—Among tbo carious'phenomena noticed in
buring tbo Mont Conis tunnel was that «carcol>-
a drop of water was to b« found. Wnur to
drink for tbe workmen had all the time to be
brought from without.
—helixPyat escaped from Paris in n coffin and
in a hearse. Howa? attended by a mournful
widow, whoso lugubrious. .•aspect suddenly
changed as She and h<r dPJunct found themselves
secure on board on English steamer off ilavr.*.
—The Rev. Charles J. Hinsdale, for twenty
five years paMorof: tbo Blantord (Mass.) Con.
crrgalional. Church, was ttirown fr m a car
riage, on the 17thin*t.‘» and instantly killed.
—Edward F. Watd.-an insurance apcnt.com
mitud suicide by poisoning himself. «n the 17th
lost., near Sedalia, Mo. Cause—financial em
barrassment,'
—lo tbe Michigan fires, a settlement of Gcr
maos, near Cbessnlug, was almost annihilateJ.
Twenty ourof tire twenty-six -houses were de
stroyed. andtbe farms nrarly mined.
—The following is the declaration in regard to
'tbo'cee of -the word **n generate,” which haa
been adopt,d by tho H -osj of D,shops of the
Baltimore Episcopal Cooventi.'.n: "IVc, the
subscriber?. Bishops of iho Piotrstant Epi«-
cop.»l Churthin tho United States, being asked,
lu Order to tba. quieting of the conscience*
nf sundry members of Mid Church; to
declare oar conviction a« to tho meaning of tbe
word repenerafe, in tbo offices t»>r the ministration
of tbe baptism of infants, do declare that, in our
optahm, the -word regenerate J -ts not there so
used as to determine that a*, moral change on the
tubjeot of baptism is wrought in that sacra
ment.” The nine Law Church Bishops who, in
October. IS6V, united In sn-eppoat to tbsirhreth
reo in the Episcopate for tbo modification of tho
offices for the minUlration of the baptism of iu-
Tants, bATO now Isiued a statement,” in which
ihey AXpreii cralivode.U God tor tbo action of
tho Bouse of Bishops m this matter, and add:
"Although nut tbe precise relief which was
sought for. it is,.in.oar opinion, a most impor
tant. timely and 'beneficial measure. Wo du
earnestly Commend this expression to the scrl
ous-smdcandid attention o| tnosc of onrbnth
ren of tbe clergy, and lately who bare felt them
selves burdened is-tbo usnof tho language-vf
tbe baptismal offices, in tbu Lopo ami tru-t that
it will hare crest weUbt in Iheir judgment, re
lieve their minds, and »ati-fy their scruple*.’'
—Weston baa walked 100 mile* in SI hours, at
Cincinnati, this week.
—A gang of. 'Weniy-fivo. burglars has been ar
rested at Springfield, 0., 4 by'tho police. They
have been harrying on operations for almost five
years.
“The hsekmen of Washington, D. C., devoted
an entire day's ,earninga to .the Chicago suffer
er*. Their carriage* w*r« placarded with larce
cardboardi. Inscribed “Bide;'to the reficoc.”
Quito a handsome ion was realized. A cold
m.-anted whip was offered to the hackraan mak
ing the most money. -u
—A man named James Graham was killed at
Belton, Texas,.recently, by hts wrtc, whom be
uad been abasing.
—Au incendiary attempt.was made to barn the
Tillage of Lexington, M.cn„ on the night of the
18lh. built failed. .v
—The Postmaster General is n®ir preparing
his aomul report, .TtC issue of.staoips, stamp
ed envelopes and new.pjpcr wrawpera has io--
ereaeed this~year 'a)ver Uscyoar io numbers
15.W0.000. and in value 81,000,150.
—The Hon. Felix recently appointed
Commissioner uf ludiau Affairs, has declined
the Ctttcc.
—Mrs. bebooley. wlfe of Ira Schooler, of Bear
Grove, lews committed suicide on tfao. lG<b. by
cutting her throat, cause, nakoewn. Chailes L.
Homo, the agent ol ibe American Bxpre* C»m
panyat Boone. iuwh.'alsaeommittrd’saiciJeon
tho I9th,..hy shooting. hlmselr. domestic
difficulties.- >i
—Tno Secretary of tho Indian Commission has
ssued au order warning off all trespassers od
lands within the Indian Territory. South ol
Kansas and Wenof.Arkaosas and Missouri.
-“-Geerga W. Bell, an old resident ol Quincy,
ill.-, accidentally ehut oimsclf, wuil« huouug ud
ibe 19; a in«Ui lie died aim <st instantly.
—Muscatine, lons. w»» visited by a fire on the
lath, which destroyed 818,000 worth of property.
—feeveral.railroads navo recently been trans
ferred, among them the Knoxville A Kentucky
Railroad to W. B. Johostoo A Co., rcprrvcniiag
I«**ee* ot the Western A'Atlantic Railroad
and the Pennsylvania Centra), for $350,000; ar.d
the Cincinnati. Cumberlandilap and Cbsrlmnm
Railroad to tho. Rost Tennessee,. Vircioio
and Georgia Com paoy for ASUJ.OOO.
The standard osln of-Germany tlereaiter iB 1
io be.of sold, and.Dot of silver.
—A wumau.nanvadTJridgfit'PlUman; and hor
daughter Mary .died rerr suddenly at Bloom
field, K. J., on the I7tb, and under circutn
jtaooea. wbioh; fasten a suspicion of poisoning
upon tho part of the husband.
—Tho London correspondent of the Kew York
TTorU hints pretty plainly that the death ot
Queen Victoria at no very" distant-moment is
oretded. .<-i
—lt is estimated that it will cost eighteen
millions of dollars to completo the improve
mentsdn the National Capital.
-Ex-Congressman Sidney Clarke has become
editor ol the Lawrence (Kan.) Tribune.
.—Xbo Democratic Convention ot the Fourth
Judicial D)gtrictj)t New York' baa denounced
tbeßocbester ticket--
—As an evidence of tho **wide-ipreadcffeei of
the Chicago disaster,*'tho )Tilmingtod (N. C.)
&ar records gravefrthal a merchant of the com-
rowmipl cenirejMt 600 btisfaeia of peanuts. They
■■gSSiyitffpir.'-.:--.-.-; I
IpRiFES
UKnS) SSijStit TaSSSt-S
i ..-.GREAT F I RE.
iTerriric'XTo.' I
I tlj -cVp r-tm nuiraMii lire of ilio stti
i r 'iJ J i l w |»}cli destroyed b»nic (u'oQty thouiaud
l.uildinc* Jiidudjngiliftrnurowliolcitlo bu«muts por
-1 t ll) city, vu bad our valuable*, book*, paper*.
fTcrrrpnctoFrff in
1 1 1 1 «Tl j vrt)r£?FHl. Budilia uni-of-TOrR-ww
i»ay. AIM) .V Co., Stanton A Co..
Cfuqtp AJmour..
«i«.iTt*V A. WHlnrft.
,v Tr.ua: Co linger A Talcott,
KirtUu-l A ord- J. C. AliichrU.
t W/-A r. li.-H-tVrldlit.- -..j
m/S V. lal T oU A A. ,f. Dlckin on.
11. 11. Iluatrd, I). Hearth &Uu«l..-. r
Armour. D.d„ A Co.. IMUmf. Frear X Wilson.
HnnkwortU S3iUopuld. Pyer A I'afrbK:
a Co.. Itoecett. Ilaaaett A Hill.
A Co.. Caitot. B«ckorA*l>sU-.
Wiles, Bru.’A Co. t> l-.uls FarsJU-r,
fbaack, -£t«r«tM4ti I‘rfefcr Co..
|\J an.or A K.-ljx. Ceo. W. lUiim*.
j llcatli A 3liMl 3aj j. ,lagr.»ur-..t.ljrLii. A Mat.
1 Ilaskim. Martin A W. M. Uovt ACo
j n. Beckwith.’
11. iioytA Sou. Ilraducr, Smitl* A CV.',
InKuuieA Fnllett.-- Taj torx Thdraat;
Ui’illfa Lloavt-r. If. £.:&pobMr. Atftnt
i leuuy, McC.cllan A Toa». L'uioD.Lioio Co,,
_ Vnluu'A'kmii Cement Co.,
A. K..No*ly ,VC«v. honliwUra M*M. Co.
i 1 “WoitiMeniof JJerr}n*'a,ft»i*inlClmmpinn
o2 ~k Polling Ilu« ?0 Sates. Vauti
Poor*. Ktprera Cheat*. rtc consUhtlr on “hand at
■wuf. factory. joiii wardroom, corner Fourlo;uth*«t.
and Indiana**?.
A sule,
of jlie fitllotffnßinVihj f.j iucLes
wi.uu. iJ Jcdita. jJepUi-J.' iucluw. Uargla.* »r.-o«
lii-i.leiHiiiiurcmpots; inehe*. wub
a T combination ,OCK height: 7 feel iO
Uich. 11.v ahovi* Mto fn as good as new, and will U_-
►olU at k bargain un applicaiion to .1. b. HoDsJ'ON.
U«-st .'l ohSOii it.
MacNcalc Urban
A VK3 A K 111 V KD.
J. M. TIiHU ILLIuEU. Agent,
77 Sonth Canal *t.
PROOF'
To All. Who Want a Perfectly Fire-
Proof Building,
1-t’lcrs From llarpcr fins., of New
York, and \y. K. Mum. of Chicago.
.‘‘‘V, 1 -T- Ni:w Yobk. April £O, 1570.
J.v. it. CocLits.Xs«|.:
ic!^^i. 1, ll i:: llw,,irT fclumld ever lie made ms
U l to couatruct n substantial eoitlce ol
*inj dc.cnpuun, rwjjcr ib* io»mir-i, to the Franklin
"oxv'iters rl, .d ‘i» Office aud a tuck Uuum, and tv Us
,A“ •sf”' -Uli-ly mtHScd yti h.vo bm Kill,
us w ll huildiufi strong and
i.rt-p.uof, we bog leavoio-fltsn.- tharwe' have made
b ull,JlUif amco w luid Jour
0.1 liu IS>4 and ii\». It U utioiit iiorfoct.
j \»ftr> very tmly.
..i. 5 h»*t-ever constructed
_u» Uic original Curln-a plan of wrought lr«iu beams
and brick rticlua. In addition to ttm ab6T*tlu» «uf
'u Crt r vl P,ir ’V u>n fer 1,1 tljo following nolo from
rhihV^.i 10 Le«j., (iwncr of ttte only building u.
i!“Atii.V;VrS‘ y u, ,enliic
Count-: Ml.
DlauMk: 1 an* IkippV to-etab/that tho plan ol fire
n»r budding, whiult has late
i?r? T“ lir ti.f.usn Uie tato
.r* r l .H rc3o ut( J l 0 *uy notice by you.
but the, resu it ul its late trial luors ttiau aatia
hr ineol eorrcetiir*Hof your vk-wa and-rystetn.
Irmy yours.
j-W', r r.-iiV. K. NIXON.
J. U. A M. tOULIE>, Ardul<‘cU and iluilUcre,
3j3 West Vun jlnn-n m.
BLANK BOOKS-
Blank Books.
Merchants and Bankers
needing First-Glass Blank
Books AT ONCE,-should or
der from
WILSON, HINKLE 00.,
13~ ffalhnt-st., Cincinnati, 0.
GRAIN BAGS.
HarljAsten&Co,,
3 and 7 West Diadison-tt,,
SEAMLESS :&RAINBA&S,
Burlap Hags, Gunny Bugs, Flour
v ami Paper Sucks.
BAGS OF ALL KINDS.
Send in'your orders and ive will
(ill thorn promptly.
-HARDWARE, r
Ready for Orders.
GOODS o.\ THE SHELVES!
Tlk> Trade are invited to call an.] select fromlcs
stock yet in the city.
BKINTNA LL, TERRY A BELDKN.
\Vln»l.»«>lo Hardware; Uriels More. 57 West Lakc-st.
ftjrnitdre.
FASHIONABLE
FURNITURE
f/K. W. SIE3ITS.
Lato 7303 Haudolph-st.
W« Ut leave to announce tocurold customers and
puKic generally that wu hate secured lb© now stoio
lu proccis of building, ou
Cor. 'Wabash-av. Twenty-second-st.
A ml will lx? ready for business in about lea days with
»‘vc I* 1 Ko, ,a also building a
I‘ £7. w7mi'<V‘ i T N<> 3V3 and 357 WEST
K .,'r N i.! >LI »s l continue
iiiir buMix-d!. «>f oLDt.KKD. WultK mud tb.fill nil
back orders dchijoJ m fuiwjjnrcw ofthsflrc. We
won da-kall enaioaeta-w|?.«e orders are yet as.
lill <1 to n-.uly US ir any clnmgp> bo desired in their
All rauattaoc**du*ti» will be tbaukfnHv re
ceived via Lxprvts. office till furtlwr notice,
4-53 West Washington-st.
HOTELS.
NEW TREMiIII HOUSE,
Formerly Michlpjn-av.Tlotel,
Corner r Congress:j l; Mtchigan-av.
The only first-claw t*>t«l In tbs South- Division,
and the only hotel in the city t-aving a Passenger
Elevator. Suits .of rooms, baths and closets at
tachrd. The old patrons of the Trcmont will bo wol
-ovm*L_ JSo. 11. DRAKE. Proprietor.
Wood’s Hotel,
‘3 stnt.-rt., corner Hublird-oourt, Chicago. in-
ENOCH WOOD," Proprietor.
yirar-ptnn arcommivUHftnC fWg-« r»p>»onabl»
WANTED,
Wanted.
On<» hundred good agents f.»r lb* Knickerbocker
Lif<* Iti»uraJ.c** fp., of New York, to work in chi-
CHgoatid thp Northwest; also, agents f..r tbe Hast
t-rn. Mid.lh-. and SnuGn'm'Stales. Hop»rior Induce-
Pt I w 11 l th j rvd. Apply to WIIKATUN X UAN
binldlar.v.or
i»>-r luutrd and Usndnlph stu.
Agents' Wanted
frr Tr °f'ui»ic«t»and tCMifl«rn».‘
tiop, Colbert-aud olttw- Chi*
I-f
ATWKfoklP«torTbf IheTASTbf thlJ'ndiVwon*
dcrful of utif*. nuJ a V
ULTAILLD, CIKCI’MSTAXTIAL, AMI MIKT
..VIVID
account ofit»ttr*trotttr>n by fire. Prnfu»-l>- illn»
trated. I’rotpecta* Tolnm*. *t, FotcircuUrs *ic
odarw*.j.-s. OUuDMAN ft CU„ Publishers. 15 Scat.
urrcrt-«t..<T>lt*gcw
MACHINERY.
-Jr
Hare removed to
51 ’Vv/est. Lake-st.,
at which place wo are prepared to receive eiders.
»b wdluavea Urge »toct: of our wood-working tna
chines li> a lew d«ya from cur factory at OlwelnostJ.
BEMOVAIS.
and* Bolt* Co.
Office-temoted lD .COLLINS BUR
Sttw «trathwcslern cor*
ncr Van Burcn and jilTeisoa-sls— \Vc are
fot'Bridgo, Car,
Track, Machine and Skein Bolts, Lag
Screws, Jack-Screws..and Carriage Bolls.
Wc have ’made arrangements for doing
.mtokh
for buildings Prices
MACHINERY.
BOOKS.
HADLEY BROS.,
Wholesale
BOOKSELLERS,
783 STATE-Sf.,' hear 16th.
An entlrvdr.ha«tStr'cfri oryhlted. Pnbw-»nllcltKt,
TO RENT.
To ilcut for. Business Purposes
MY HOUSE 3C7 WABASH-AT.
.a .i.. .j j .5
To responsible parties only.
ARTHUR fi. nURLEY
To Rent,'
•ft TOREK AND StVCUIAGD
lu all parts of the city, by
WM. U. SAMPSON.'
J* uvin
MgMCAL f
mmm
Now is-the time to buy
Pianos;.lOtgaoa^HelodebflSy
■Brass’ and String’ Instru
ments, &c., &c.
rormerjr of 09 Waehlnslon-at,, uow located at
270 and 614 Michigan-av,
li'Jm v?lv* D fri H’* *lr*o/1r receirod
twm .St.H iUI»K ai.d QMjTIMOKF branehMi
tarn HtocK of tliA celebrated r »nciiMi
EhabeManosi
J. Bauer Co.’s Pianos,
Needham’s:" *""s^. Organs,
In fia d-i)t they will hare oq band a new strlo
ORGAN,
,ich ,in
270 ki4614 Idichigan-av.
w. W. KIMBALL,
610 Michigart-av.
Pianos, Organs Melodeons.
PIANOS FOU SALK AN’D TO DENT.
*.V. persons who hare rented or leased I’m
nos will please cull and report.
„h a A to r rro«ms. CIO Miehlgaa-av. Pianos
tuned and rrpaired.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
WHOLESALE
BOOTS AND SHOES
T. J*. WEBER A- CO.
win reopen for tim pianofacture aed loblunt nf Boots
and Shoe* on or about Nor. 1. and will be readr to fill
oRIM-Band s?ll ironfstoek. We hare new
one* store, three floors and basement. S7l Sooth
near corner of Twelfth; accessible by horw
cars pinning on Staie-st.. or by attach one block cist
on Wabaih-ar. Office. 7U Wabash-ur., for tie
present. i
BOOTS AND SHOES,
Saved from the Fire!
Can I>e bought at
L MASSREIMEE’S,
i'O West Uandolpb-st., bet. Curtis and Hay.
25 per cent below cost.
Doggett, Bassett Hills.
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash~av.,
Corner Ilarmon-court,
ARE NOW RECEIVING A
NEW STOCK OF
BOOTS SHOES,
And will soon be prepared
to sapply customers.
CONFECTIONERY.
P. L. GARRITY,
IVLA.NTJinACXTJRIH’G
CONFECTIONER.
Office, S9 West Xadlson-at., and at JJrjf
denec, SIS West Adama-st.
Baring lost my all. I truit customers who hare
beoo *o kind to me in the past will now come for
ward and pay at onco the amount of their ncc-unte,
•toe or not doe, and assist me In resuming business,
which I snail do oa eoon a s possible.
_ _ Truly. Ac.. L. GARRITY.
WOOLLENS.
THE FRIENDS OF
GEO. P. HAINES CO.
ill ploaso take aotico that they have loosed splcn
did Parlors at 17 llarmou-eourt. where they will
open. In a few days, an clsgant assortment of
i'OREZGX AXD DOMESTIC
WOOLLIE ItTS.
BANKS.
NATURAL LOAN AND TRUST CO.
REMOVED TO
107 Randolph Street,
We have to announce to oar natrons and lb* rub*
lie generally, that we hare bAVKD EVERYTHING,
and an» now prepared to tran»aclall business en
trusted to w with fidelity and promptitude.
Strong and reliable Safe*! Draft* on the Bankers
■of (he-i'nited -Mates- ttavprument-lti London, In
large or small sums, at sight; dtafu on the Bank ot
f“t National Uankot New York, DreXel
X CO., Philadelphia.
m s n on I ?*l Nt hr telegraph to New. York, Boston
Philadelphia and hau l rnucilQO.
Deposit accounts received al'nshat.’
GEO. C- SMITH, President.
\Vftt. H. PARK t _Gashtcr.
Barker Wait,
WILLIAM nOPKISS.
Attorneys. Adjusters, and Notaries Public.
16 HARBISON.ST.
The Marine Company, of Chicago,
J. Y. SCAMMUN
will for the pretest occupy office
NO. COTTAGE GROVE-AV.
As soon at vaults are built, tbe above-named bank
will remove to the corner of Congress-et. and Sllchi
gao-av.. which place It will occupy until the old site
Is,rebuilt.
Germania Bank of Chicago.
XO. 17 JULWAVKEE ATESCE.
*Fh* Germania Bank has established its n**w office
at ths above place, and it doing tbe regular business
as heretofore.
Uld accounts are liberally settled and newocconnts
epesed lo tbo customary way.
C. KNOBEISDORF,
J. HALLER, Cashier.
J* 51. Adslt,
BANKER.
Opeafor busiocaa.
iS Wabuh ar.
Cushman Hardin,
DAKKEH«.
Hare resumci business at So. 23 Michigan ar.. and
are prepared to meet all demands in full, Deposits
recctred, our regular basking basinets transact
®d Qstjsl. Accounts of merebanta and country
bankers will, bare special attention. For the accom
modation of our West Side friends and customers we
bnvpoprtmJ a br.nch ofbre at So. lu Canal it., just
north of Randolph nt.
The Real Estate Loan aud Trust Co.,
HAVE RESUMED KUPINCS*
nSs,Wabaali-4T.
Jacob R. Shipherd Co.
bankees.
IW Twenty-second-et.
Chicago
S4 Plne-aL, New York.
Oar -LsNalhs-st, Taalt pro red perfect, and we
arc transacting buslner#' without Interruption at
oarTwenty*eecood-at. office.
C. Koilaupbcc Sou.,
Rankers, 401 Wabash-av.
The City National Batik
Are bniiding a fire-proof vault In tbelr new office,
on tbe noriDmi corner fiL. Clinton and Washing
"ton-sts., aud will resume business In a few days.
Office-;or Merchants’ Savings,
LOAN AND TRL'ST CO., 411 Wabuh-aT,
All dcporitcraaits requested to forward me AT
ONCE, at above addrc?s,aßt*tcment of their ac
count with the bank, for verification.
CHAS, IUSNBOTIN. Cashier.
Furniture,
PAKLOH FUHNTTUBE,
BEDROOM FURNITURE,
OFFICE FURNITURE
RF.AT. ESTATE.,
El; AL ESTATE OFFICE
OF
SLAEKE;IAYtOKAfC®f
No. 376 State-si.
List of Property to Sent and to Lease
by OLAEKE; LAYTON &CO., 376 Stati
st., Boom No. 2:
The Seminary. BaiMiug at Hyde park. with 4 «44
a half years.* lease, 23 room! In tbetmlldlnc; all ie
first-rate order—only on© blork fromtlepot—ex ©oi
ler.: location Tor a hotel.
Eighty feet front or mare, fronting veetbh-VVa
bssb-ar., just eontb of Maalson-st., to lease for 3)
ear§, very cheap.
On'Lako-ar., near Oakland, a floe residence Ofll
room*, finely fnrhubeJ.'' can be. rented'until bpzi
May very cheap.
-ttxtOCecton Peck, court to IcaAo fur Bra yean, and
pottage bon*? Ko. 4s, now standing oh tL# lot; for
tale; a fine location, and very reasonable.;
To lease, lot 40x110 on Sut«*»t r *0 Ibetßodthof
SI onroc, opposite Palmer Hotel, lor a tom of years.
12iJ Indiana-ar., two-nory bonse of a moms, nice
ly furnished; lo rent Terr cheap.
Sflvernl lota on Harrison-st., just west'of Canal,
Ten reasonable.
10x170 to wide alley on Wabash-ar., between Sion
roeand Adama-eta., west front, 10 years* lease iat
♦3.«0 per year, with privilege of extension at 6 per
cent on valuation every five years.
FOR SALE
BY
CLARKE, LAYTON CO,
Room No. 2, 376 State a st.
Two-story house with brick basemaat.lt rooms,
am! nil modern improvements, on Warren-*t., No«
A rery comfortable vottaxe house oo Burssldc-st.;
near TblrUenth-st.. tot SAxllO to alley; only tTJfIO,
part ou time.
Slone front bouse with french roof and wood barn
lot iliHiO, on Ashl&nd-ar., tniar Monroe-st.
Cot taco braise, with basement.'on northeast cur
nernf Indiana and Wuod-tU rooms, gas, water
c tc.; lot £9x110; all la Tory good style.
Twu-etory house. of wood, nearly' new, 9 rooms
frame barn, ami a good well; lot tSxtaS I*2, on north
east corner of Uockwell and West Jackson-st*.
South HaUted-st., No. ISC, house with a good store
and 7 tooms above, nod a hens* in the rear with
room*; eery reasonable.
Collage bouse t on Do Kdren-et., ziear DeipUiati,
with 4 rooms anil two closets, on lot 73x120 to alley.
71 l-7x1900n Hadison-st., west of Flfth-ar., south
front.
40x110, w«t front, «.n btatc-et., near Harmon
court.
(hlxto. north front, on Hanson eourt.botween State
at. and Wattsshar,
Lots on Burnside, Boitcrtiehl, Arnold sis. and
Wentworth-av.
Lots on State south ofXvcaty’Secoud.
Several lots ou Calumet ar„- north Thirty-fifth st.
very cheap.
A nice lot on Stewart av., near Twenty-ninth si.
£ox£o, no Harrison st, just west of Causl.
Lot# on Wallace, Winter. Sommer, Twenty -fifth
and Twenty-sixth sts.. on long time, C per cent ia
teroM. Just the thing for laboring men.
W* ham also a great many empty lots and im
proved property ou the West and South Sides no,
mentioned herein. People about'purchasing wilt do
well to call and see ns before making any Invest
meats. We saved all our maps and abstracts, and
are settled nod ready for business’.
REAL ESTATE OFFICE
OF
SNYDER LEE,
Room 17 Niion Building, northeast corner Monroe
and Laballe. Also West Side affico at Ko. 4 J South
liaieted-et.. Maaonie Building. corner-p«TMlolph.
Homes for the People.
Five Million Acres of choice In Kansas amt
Lolor..d for sale by the NATIONAL LAND V>f.
'pacituens of V arm Products »n exhibition. OOe.
39 Swuih Canal »r.
U. N. PRATT. Geenral Agent.
GROCERIES.
s. c. draper, act.
DAKA, HYDE k 00., BOSTON, MASS,.
40 WEST lAHE-ST., CHICAGO.
(Formerly 54 and 53 Mlchigan-av.)
A good assortment of Teas eared from fire, ana
good stock of
Teas, Syrups, Coffees Brown
Arriving dan y Ordure promptly filled from Boa*
l0 nrtrt w W 55F 0 aß i s «ruioforo.
SOOHalf Guests Tea to stock hero.
i J 0 1 m J’ lricnds Jn the Korthwcst and Far West—
i desire to express thanksforpast favors, and solicit
your orders and remittances, on due and past doe
accounts.
X. C. DRAPER.
Groceries and Teas!
Our stock, now large, newand complete. Weare
ailinfforders promptly and oa most favorable terms,
fend on your orders for Tess In Canisters,
WM. SI. HOYT. A CO.,
C 3 South CannJ-Bt,
STANTON CO.,
857 Wabash-av-,
Will open In a few dny* with n
fall stock of
groceries.
FOR SAXE.
FOR SALE.
Tba following Printing Praises can be furnished
mmediately.
I Potter Super Royal tSOO.
I Super Royal, Taylor *7OO.
1 Quarto Dogener, 13x19..
A lot of Paper.Catters, P.roof.Pieases, oic. Apply to
J. C, SIEAcT, Affeat Tor Eogsr Co.. Type Food.
dcra. N. at Si and S6 North Jeffcrson-et., Chicago.
‘•Plating Extra” Flour,
OF ST. LOCIS.
For solo, at old prices, la quantities to suit pur
churn. A.31. JTfcIGIItiUXL,
•gootAwMitoyoereapal and Uki»ita.
NEW PUBLICATIONS
THE GREAT FIRE.
Chicago—Her Pact* Present. »nd Fa.
ture.
THE ORIGIN. PROGRESS AND RESULTS OF TUE
GREAT CIiICAUO CON FLAG RATION.
Graphic scenes. Incidents. and details of the dts
aster. List of lb* principal bankers, maoafacturers;
and tnereh*nt« who are losers; -A complete pit!are.
or Chicago before and after ths firs. Tbs trade and
cominsrca of Cbissro. Details of ill municipal af
'airs, and the grekl fires of tbe jrorld.’ By George P.
Lptoa and Jainm VV. sbehan, aseodsTe editors ol
Tiik CnioaGoTatßCSE. A hook of abbot TM paxes,
illustrat'd Uy tbs beat artists, and will -be worthy oi
the confidence wf alb Will l« eold exclusively by
subscription. Agrnta wanted In every tmro-T, Ad
•Uess UNION I’DBLIbIIING CO„
THE SOM 3AEDEN.
By Or. Lowell Mason.
Innnul Sale 50,000 Copies.
ThaSoai Garden. No. I U for the basinuers. and
eonutna "tbe Orstet-ps” la MosicelNuUHou,
with many plesstncsoas*. Price 50 eta.
The Sons: unr<ten. No. 2 it adapted to tbe mid
dle sed upper classes or cumnon schools. :prfc»
$0 CIS.
Tbe Seßff Garden. No. 3 la for high achoolaand
ncaioartrs. l*nc«,SK
Sent, post paid, on receipt of the retail price.
OLIVER DITSOS ft CO., Boston.
CHAB. n. DITSOS A CO., Sew Vork.
Ditson Co.’s
STANDARD OPERAS.
Knaaft. Fa tut, Lneia. Inrretla. Xartha.
Norma, HOMnambala, Trarlala, Trera
torp. Harrla«e of Flr&ro, Ftdello. I'm
Dtavolo sad Don GlovaanL
Handsomely printed, unabridged, superior to all
other editions In folione, containing all tbe forelen
*ords. and all the tousle, inehtdlut
tbat,ei tbe recitatives. they are ret sold for tbs low
“neeof ONE DOLLAR fiAWI, and will be Mt to
•nr address, post free, for tbe above price. Finely
bound tn boards tort:each.
OLIVER DITSON ft CO., Boston,
C. H. DITSON ft CO.. New York.
FINANCIAL-
Safe" Investment.
NORTHERN PACIFIC 7-30 GOLD BONDS.
Returnable in 30 years, or exchangeable at foper
cent premium at any time lor tbe lands o,
th« company, are fur sals by
l/TNT, rBEItOJf ft KB ANT. BANKERS,
Comer emulated and Washlngton-sta.,.
Masonic Bolldlog.
EDUCATIONAL.
SU Ignatius College.
413 Wctt Twelfth al
Studies In this loeutnUoa will be resumed on
MouJay; Dct. a-lsn. JNO. 8. VERDIN, S.
ice Tres t
sllsa Latimer*
RECENTLY OF 33 CHICAOb-AV.. NORTH hIDE.
Would.be glad to t«ach Jo a school or family. Ad
«liew her at tea Wabash-av.
Kills Park school lor y9ong Ladies*
Anna hlarah. and Maty E. Jappan, Principals^,
Primary departneati Mbs Lydia Howell. Madame
-tmANCE.
Insui arieeGoiri’y
OF SAX FRANCISCO.
Tito foilowluc lelcvrsm inst received by Hutchin
*s Ralston, Ouu'.rul Agents:
San Francisco, Oct. 19,1871.
Mews. -Hutelmia Balston, Gen. Acts.
Pftcifio’lns, Oo; t r
Wemake proTislon for an looses
ana resinne business; immediately—
assessment-pill make good. Impair
ment of capital. Act accordingly.
A. J. KALSTOH, Vice Prest.
a£V£££ r n&**?'*t tbo A cents' at Vut*
M: r
Finalpositivu tdtienfronvPAUiric rwive,!.* am-
Bh» pro*iaton made for payment of all loaaes-irapair
tseotof capital mads good— iMnme Imsiaetia at good
round rates. ATI needed blanks will bj furnished at
earliest motoenl.
HUTCHINS RALSTON,
feneta! Agents Western Branch Office,
4/- WABASH-AV.
Alt parties having claims against this com nan
gffij them at Company’
TO THE PATRONS
OF TIIK
National Insurance Co.
OF BOSTON, 31ASS-
,J h f n ot 6f ho National Insurance Company
Oct. I,IBTJ. were abont t1.000.00u.
Tneir tosses at Chicago will not reach *-ioo 000
and m»y not exceo»l S3«o{oo0 cash. w.ooo,
A A. m W-wrofal investigatioD-of tbalr atfaire
/Di lo.Tiew of the above facts, the Board of Direc
tor*, October 15. f*7i, came forward
sahscnbed.to, and Immediately mads up a guaran*
-es fund amply sufficient to cover all lo«see and
o i?^^ C pit l i nd Fund INTACT, and
immediately authorised onrwdvM to go on and r«y
i’lDt Vipa C at i UUe th( *boainesa us liereluf.lre,
adwaocesl rate ofptvmium where rates
hare men iiiadeqnats heracoforo.
D. I*. DODBIN6 t'ON, Agsuta ami Managers,
B o ff.lo/*o?t.K”iS' nL! lon 1 C.
«oDlr toCHAS.K.
LllAwh, No. ilußtinlc.Building, corner Ualsted
smiJUiulolpUsts.. Chicago er
ILLINOIS MUTUAL
Eire Insurance 00.
or ALTOX.
Tlii* Company haring suspended operations for tho
preiieot, policy-holder* are requited to send in their
PoUelrt for cancellation,
All peiiocs Laving claims against salt) rompaiiy
vfll present the same at our office,
47 South €nnal-st.
Oct, m. 1371.
K. K. RYAX CO.
Solid Fire Insurance.
Davla A BeQan, Ajpenc.v
Offices 3A South Canal-st tud Xi .Michignn-av
Imperial las. Co., or London. England
Assets 18,000,000, sold.
Franklin Fire Ins. Co., of Philadelphia.
Assets 52.7i0.0ya.
Amrriran Central Ins. Co., of Ki. lank
Assets, 81,000,000,
Tho above tin? assets, after raxing nil our Oiicago
losses.
Property insured at current rates.
DAVIS A REQUa. Aficau.
PRESENT TOUR CLAIMS.
Ail persous holding Policies In the
Mutual Security Insurance Company,
•n property destroyed by tho late Are, are requested
’®call at tho ADJUSTER’S OFFICE of the Com*
ipanr.
188 West Mashlngton-st.
Dring your Pollci** with you. The object is to 01.
:*.aln information ntcessary to an early adjustment
all claims.
The General Office* of the Company will re*
main, for tho present at
No, 30 Sontb Clinton-et.
PEOPLE’S
Insurance Company
k SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
All porsousi holding Pollr-Us in. Hie above-named
1 ao\i^ y i**!3r »«ff*red br firo. will calx at
siasc ,i,ir l D r n,
R. S. CHITCIiGIibi Gousrai Agent,
Parties who Have Suffered
tty .the fire, holding policies or
PEOPLE'S INS. CO., OP SAN FRANCISCO,
•iid
I. _ LAMAII 1N6.C0., OP CHICAGO.
Will present their claim* AT ONCE, at Boom r,
third floor. No. 30 West Mad|*oo-at.
C.F.MACDERMOT.
_ President People's Insurant* Co.
18 Hartford Life ait Annuity
insurance cpiitPAinr
Has removed its General Woarern Agency from No.
I Honors Block to 650 .Waboab-av. ltd aecuriliea
a*Te not been harmed tti the least by Hu* late Are.
its bonds and ninrtcagen being exclusively upoo im
sroted farm*. PoMcy-holdeni will receive duo notice
•f-matorioe payment* and.wUl have entry practica
ble facility oflereit tnem lor payment
_ It. T. PKTTRXOILL. General Agent.
Public Notice.
All persons owning property io Chicago destroyed
lo the late fire, and oo which the Connecticut Mutu*
d Ufa Insurance Company of Hartford had lacum
•ranee, are requested to call Immediately at the
■lßcaolß.H. Moore A C 0..379 Wabatb-ar.. where
ibeir policies may bo found, and tnaku the necessary
proofs of Imi. Also all parsons owning property not
minted on which said company have encumbrances
’SE"?** 10 c u I 1 ooca the same place, and
tnake relo.nranco where the value of policies have
•eeorae Impaired.
My office for the present will be found «t »l W«-
oash-ay., at the office or S. Isham. E»q.
MARK SKIKNBR. for the C-nmpinr.
Dated Mtiwantcc. October 17,1571.
To ALFRED JAMES AGO.. M Vfeet MadUon st.;
Our Director* order Chicago lousi paid in lull on
presentation of satisfactory proof*. Maxing am
ole provision therefor. Accept new business. Snj£
plies go forward (o-day.
JAMES B. KELLOGG. Secretary-
Notice.
I#o*e« of the Nerthwfslern Will n* Ad.
Jttited at 59 Weal MadUon si.
Tartie* having claims against the compony will
present them for adjustment at that office.
_ V ALFRED JAMES A CO.
insurance Losses.
All parlies having claims against the Springfield
Tlreand Marine Insurance Company, of Springfield,
B< l Ike People’s Fire Insurance Company, of
Worcester, Mass., are requested to present them at
onto for adjustment at their office. No. 3-9 Wabash
J- N- DUNHAM, Adjuster.
A. N. CURBIN, Secretary.
October 19. 1871,
Important Insurance Notice.
el te,B mlim the following com*
Commercial Cnlea Assurance Co., of London:
Rational Insurance 00., of Bancor, M«.;
Tradesmen's Insurance Co., of New York:
Hoffman Insurance Co., ol New York,
will please call as soon aa possible at the New Sher
man tlQuir. and trio? with them a complete list of
1 heir-insurance. sou all fact* in thetr possession
necessary to pmv* their locs. The undersigned baa
tall, power to aettle and per alllosset of tbs above
.companies at soon sa satisfactory proof* ate received.
1U 1). ALLIGEa, special Acsnt.
Chicago. Oct. 1 1*. ten. New Sherman fionse.
Occidental Fire Insurance Co.,
OF HAN FRANCISCO, UAL.,
A. C. GREEN SB A VU. AGENT.
Office, 16 Weat np stairs.
AH boldine-policies tntble eowp«nrpteam» report.
Liverpool and London and dote
Insurance Company*
no. i west.' madison-st.
Risks taken at current rates.
i mi. ViAHKEK, General Ataot.
Notice.
OFFICE OF MEECUASTS’ INSCRASCCE CO.
No. 201 West Randolph at., Jlasooic Building.
All those who bare snffered loss by the recent fire
oodar policies lassed by the Merchants’ Insnraace
Company, of Chicago, are hereby requested to pre
east their proofs to me so eooa as practicable. The
statement of this Company win.aoon be made op
whan the public will be duly advised.
WM. E. R.OLLO. Secretary.
Fire Losses
Promptly adjusted and proofs made by undersign
ed. No. 70 Canal-st., second floor. FRANK P,
FISHER. Notary Pnblle and Adjuster.
-®tna Life Insurance Company*
op Hartford.
b« oa baud to transact' business, as nsnal.
ffaiSS^ 0 VoV“i wit
alidUon-«t. Onr books. Papers, etc., are all saved.
OVIATT, SOUTHWELL A Co.. Managers.
Insurance Losses*
_ y Ml A. CORKS* 80S, ATTORNEYS,
are prepared to mature paper* in all cases of claims
J other 1. gal badness. Office l
and 2. No. IM South HaUted-st.. lato 17 Sontb Clark-
John Hancock
MUTUAL LIFE.INSURANCE CO.
Agent* wanted-. Liberal Inducements offered to
W T u to F BABCOCK. General
Agent, office 063 VN abash ar.
Jost Keccived lrom New York,
Tasnranee ■applies, proof! of lota, blanks, aurreys,
builders' cellmate blanks, blank books, pass books,
eto. etc-, for sale at reduced pride* at the Spectator
•Be**, <SO State at., and 70 South Canal at
The Mutual Benefit
UrE IXSCBAXCE COMPACT,
w r v
INSURANCE,
to Gi*nimikm s rs
The Adjusting Ofllce of the
FRANKLIN
Fire insuranceCo’y,
0? PHttADSUHIi,
Is at n*K)ro No, 6 New Sherman llnnse. All pervona
holding policies ar.* revested to present thetrrTnr
HEADQUARTERS:
Union Insurance Company,
.'•AN KUA'CISCO.
Fireman’s Fund Insurance Company,
SAN FUAN'-I.'CO.
Hide and Leather Insurance Company,
noyiiis.
Howard Insurance Company,
HUSTON.
Franklin Insurance Company,
Boa TON.
165 West Washington-st,
In the Office of
Qoodnon's laswanco Agency.
Parties having clairea f*>r loss in either o( the above
companies will facilitate the settlement of the same
by pro-renting them at the al*ov» addrees.
H. E. UOWKR*.
•T. W. CARTWRIGHT.
J. I>. BAII.KY.
INSURANCE AGENCY
OP
ARTHUR C. DUCiT
For the accommodation of our friends and enstnm
ers I have opened offices on the West nod South sides.
West Mite office, 30 and 3d Can*l»«t.. over William
I'lairi Co.; routh Solo office, 4(9 Wabaeli-av.. <>v«-r
First National U-tnk. Rieka taken in old and n.-
li •Me Km tern insurance companies:
JlUUfi INSURANCE CO., of New York, organized
CITIZENS’ INSURANCE CO., of New York, or
ganised IHX.
HOWARD INSURANCE CO., of New York, or
ganixed 1825.
-My patrons having claims acainet any'companiea
represented hjr mo will please present lliw same for
adjustment at the Canal-at. office, when, also. West
and North Side risks will l>p accepted.
Those wt.hing insnmocu on the Sonth Side will
pleaee enter the eninr at the office. At 9 Wabash-av.
SPKCIAI, NOTICE.
Every necessary information a* to making proof*
of loss, and the pr»*pur blanks of ihi »ame, wilt U»
furntslied on application to mo. We have an able
corps of adjusters, ami are willing to devote time
ami uadstauca to onr patmus.
REPUBLIC
Life Insurance Comp’y.
Tli© Directors have rot©«l to rebuild bulWinc
on th© ©mid© site, ami nisko it us nearly nro-pnxif a*
possible. Backers ami Insurance Companies tlosir
ing anodic© can hare apartments arrartred to antt
.•them, and bo ready to otcapy m NINETY DAYS.
For rent of rooms apply at the office, 331 West Mon*
roe*>c* UUUIS K. MUOUL, Secretary.
Royal Insurance Company, of Liverpool,
England.
OUAItLKS il. CASK. Geuernl Acont.
No. 6S South Cixaal'St., «p «tulr».
.TEN MILLION DOLLAIIS
ASSETS.
Putnam Fire Insurance Company,
IIAKTFOHD.
Parties h.iTiae claims ncainst the above company
Tor loss by iho Inin tiro are rc*}iu-KU>(! to presnt thou
ut noth*, to ftCilltnio udjmtmeut* nnd uncertain the
present condition of tlio company. Office No. So West
Madlsoo ut., Koomi l and r. third floor.
K. J. SMITH. Gtmoral Afnnt.
Oct. 20, l«7l.
Notice to Policy Holders.
Parlies outside of (ho burnt district, to whom we
have nuula loans an J tvh->au policies we bold ns col
lateral, u requested to call upon us immediately.
This Is of the utmost importance. ns n Urge number
of the policies aro no longer good and should be placed
la undoubted companies at otu>*.
Parlies in the burnt district should sis oil and
have proof of loss made, that tho money be collected
as soon as possible.
BAIRD A BUADLKr.
6.4 South Canal-st.
S. M. MOORE CO..
INSURANCE AGENTS,
68 South, Caual-st.,
Eepresont the North British andMcrcan
cantile, of London and Edinburgh; Capi
tal and Assets after paying Chicago losses,
over $12,000,000 Gold. Hartford Eire
Insurance Go., of Hartford, Conn.; Capi
tal and Assets after paying Chicago loss
es, $1,250,000.
We are now Issuing policies In above reliable com*
panics at our office. 61 £outh Caanl-*t. Adjusting
department. 379 Wnbssh-ar. All losses promptly ad*
Justed and paid. S. 81. MOORE CO.
HOIHE
Insurance Company
OF NEW YORK-
Tho following despatch has been received by Arthur
C. Durat. Agent <>f the Home Inauraocu Company uf
Now York, office
30 and 3S Canal-st.,
AND
440 Wabnsh-av*,
New Yong, Oct. 16.
General A. C. Ducat:
Bojird hare Just resolved, unanimously, to fill up
capital to two and a h«lt millions at practi
cable moment. which will restore HOME asset* to
nearly lour million*, after paying Chicago 1 *.ps
Cil AS. J. MARTIN. President.
THE
SE CUEITY
iiifc ffnsnraiicc Company
OF NEW YORR
is now located at
To 6 WABASH-AV.
Policy holders who hare entered by tho tire a ill be
treated witla the gre*r-«t lilwmhty.
Tills Company Ini* donate I 91,U0 for the roliel of
Cblcrgo snrterers. C. 11. lIAKEK,
Gen-ral Asont.
To Whom It May Concern.
All persons who have claims for. losses by the re
cent conflagration acalnn th« Atlantic Fire Insur
ance Company, of Brooklyn. K. Y.. are hereby re
quested to present the same, with oil vouchers there
of. to the nuderslgn*d. at his ..fflee In the new Slice,
man Home, for imnicdiaie adjustment. DANIEL
C. O.sMAN. General Agent, New Sherman House.
Chicago, oct. if. )?71.
Globe Mutual Life lusurauce Company
Of New York. All books, receipts, and paper* caved.
Office 23 South Halstrd-st.. near corner of Washing
ton. Agents wanted. Capital inducement* offered.
J. G. Mcl
R. W. Hosmep,
INSURANCE AGENT,
can be found dally at Ida now office No. 393 Wabash
av., op stain, where ho will b» ready to sue all per
sons having claims against any of the eerera! com
panies represented by him.
Unlou Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY. OF HO-'TON
Office KIC Wabash »t.
fapew saved, and readr »or new bo-inets. or to
give nay mtormsiion about old busincM
L. D B'IUNK, ooiit Ag-nt,
CL\RK. lienrral vgrnr.
Treadway Jewell,
INSURANCE AC E'N- C Y
The Airs Insurance Company ar* prepared to i*«y
all losses in lb-late tire. Kira policies wriltou ami
marine certificate* L«<ue«l at tl»»*i* ag-ucy.Nu. 4 Sooth
V.*?* UfiSoutii Twenty-sccond-st.. Cliic.it;>
11.tools.
The following telegram from the
Underwriters’ Agency of New York,
lias jnst been received:
IIOSMER. Assistant General Agent-
Adjust lo*s«* promptly an l draw ar sight
R.'S. WOLCOTT. President.
STODDAKT. General ..-cat.
■ifouw'bl 'liiljHi'! I 1 b ‘f .urn irttlrm.nu
iliii it claimants umler oqr policies
Sftts h 01 a-Mon"
La^ns!•»*- and corner with me
!V!i U r2s B 14t cor purpose to par losaea fullr
»nd promptly may be i.
O. E. IIUSIIEK, Assistant General Acent.
WE ARE WRITING NEW INSURANCE AT REA
SONABLE RATES?
OGDEN, SUELPON A SCUPPER.
63 Sooth Canal-st.
Charles H. Case,
FIRE INSURANCE, 65 SOUTH
U A N A L-ST., (second flnor.l
CHICAGO. ILLINOIS.
Insomtiee Company of North America, Philadelphia.
Pa.. Or*. 1791. Assets, Oct. I. Is7l. *3.262,307.93
Springfield Fire and Marine Insurance On., Spring
field. Man. Or*. 1:1(9. Assets. Oct. I. 1371,
tI.UJO.OUO.
People’* Insaraoce Co.. Worcester, Hass. Ore. 1317.
j Assets, Oct. 1, 1371. 0950.000.
National Insurance _Co. t Boston, Mass. Ore. 1532
Assets, Oct. I, 1371. SAW,OOO.
Royal Insnraace Co.. Liverpool, England. Assets
Sio.ooo.rao.
The above companies will pay ail losees, and con
tinue business with unimpaired capital. Insurance
accepted from property owners at lair rate*.
Parties having claims against the ROYAL please
present them fot adjustment as soon m ppsiible.
To Policy Holders
in **Tbo Commercial Inntraaco Co.,’’ of Chicago
Owing to the terrible loesee by the fire of October 9
oureßUn»M4« t »»n!Bweptaw .r. tndwe notify you
unffieod aad patrol, hi the company, (o order to
allow time before diiaster to your property, to ioinre
in moo other company that U tolfeat at thia time
T. U. SKYUOUK,
Pro. Tern.
Oct. 2>. |,g?l.
Independent Insurance Company.
Partlea baring claims agalmt ibo Independent In*
•orance Compaur for lour are reqaetted to submit'
their claim* tor adjustment at tbe earlim possible
nme, (hat the extent of loss of said Company may bn
dedoitrlr arrived nt, and immediate action takes, if
possible, a# to a final dUpoaliion of tbe tame.
A rvpreecnutireof the Cnraoanjr .will remain In
Chicago lor a abort time for theporjoao of aiding la
■oca remit.
U Ims lob« presented »t our office, ’0 EMridae
conrt. GEO. CLAKKR t*o.
Hibernia Insurance Company.
A nr boWinr a policy from th*. abovo company.
Sunt* 1 Uio Qrr.jrlll MU .t i
•Qtti Cuitl'iL, Imiwmo s'll uTwii 4
INSURANCE.
'All person* having claims ieirinsl the ClTV**Ff KK
INSURANCE COM PaXY, nf Hartford. ar« re«inc»f«t
to ptewnt them at once. :il tli<‘Tr office, No. iSI We
If*- *m _
LIFE I N SUITA N,C H C n
W. 12. 1 WKLLS, Aceiit.
\a .<ii2._\Veft-r WaaliioKtoq-s:.
notice.
Persons suffering Iqas U/.tlia rvcrnt tire, ami hold
In? Pollcse* in the German lusurnoci* C*>mpmy of
idcreliui'l. Alftnannla Imuranrr* Oumpnm
bind, anil Aurora Inatirar.c** V.>mp.ihy of Airfdrr. Vre
j recuested to present tiios.iraa at (he efttUeet inuni-*ni
1 for adjustment. —»v j jj-HaLL, Aijju.ter,
No. 3n Weat MadUou-st., Jtoom third U.**r.
Chicaso. Oct. 10,’lSTl. __
1 Astur Fire Insurance Co- of >etv York.
aT.VTH INSURANCE CO. of Chicago
Policyholders ran Itesfeo the ertflrmeni
For io»*-s agalnet the above companies by presenliuu
them at No. yj «n Madison at
Chicago Ufc lusuraucp Co.,
6a3S West Washington at. Wc hare sarol all onr
records and securities complaldy. lusl-h-s a «iuantii»
nf printed lunttvr.
GENERAL NOTICES.
WHITE LEAD
D. B. SHIPMAN'S
White Lead Works
REMAIN INTACT, Office u* d Factor).
Fllteenili-kt., near state.
CORNS. GOSSES.
UK. STEPHENS, will be op nat
■VO. 621 'WEST LAKE-ST.
11*2 to p. in., exerpt Thnfed«>>. 4 1-3 intip. m
Oct. will open at 119 amd 131 WV-t Washi>icrAn-«;
Hours. Sa. ra. to 4p. m. OLD PRICES.
i; HI.NF.II Ai: D T .V KOIiK.M N
MRBCUAM TAILORS.
.if 7$ iiml SO Madieon-s:
n«*xt Monday At
NO. 7T-t WaO.\SI|.AV
w»ih a full nn.l fre*]i stock from the &«»t.
20,000
dajiagkd
WATCHES
roil SALE.
STARK A ALLE2ST,
363 Wabasli-av.
lUe Loudon, Swedish American
Employment Exchaage.6 New York
uriswncs flrst-chiM c.in>*nf>T» fwtits eh~«ln hkmj*-
•■I n day or >i month iiwi bnsn) iptuij*
by employer;. Mason*. stonecutter*. plumber*
Mack.mittni. and other •killed and unskilled labor
s>r* at corresponding price*. Office fee*. »3 cscli in
adv-tnee. PIKUCK X C‘>„ Box 1.771. New York
Plug Tobacco Manufactory Fop Sale,
CONSISTING uP-
I Hydraulic Ram and Pump.
9 Retainer.
Einlsitnn.
7» S**u» Moulds.
4 Caddi PrHO.es,
4.o**) lb Pnirbaoks Scale*.
1 Hall’s Office Safe,
Track, Cara, and all the fixtures complete fiir-tu**
manufacture <>f Ping Tobacco
For terms address JAM B* DORITV.,
r «dedn. «*ht.»
Pianos! Pianos!!
TO Col'-NTHV DEALERS,
1 We have now on hand i, large nitmbcr uf accond
hand Piano* returned to us by families ren j«rcd de**
Hmtr and poor by tho recent great Ore. which £mt
be sold at once. These instrument'. otl.io goai jou*
dllion and warranted. are very suit.Llo for reusing
purpose*. We aro ufferin? actual bargain* to thn
‘f*** JULIUS B\U Elf A'CO.j
27n and fill Michigan-av.. formerly M.WnsiiingtoU-at.
Lamps and Glassward.
OFFICE or n. S. WIIEELKI: t CU.
H7 Tvralftb*(t.» corner Ciloteu..
To ail parties who have sent m remittances .and
orders for the pasttwo day*, wo,would aay w* Lave
been st> bn«y getUagatartvii again wo-coatd• not an*
swer letter*.. UVhavo saved oqr book* .i^ndpaper*,
and our r.*w «toCk of goods having. rommrncvO to
arrive, we shall at once commence 'Alima nll'bnck
orders, and shall be glad to hear-frotn aU *«r old
cnsi.-mer* in the way or order* and rrmlitnnres.
11. N. '\HKE|*ka A i:o., iarmarly 2S Laße>»i.
CIUCiOO, October-19. ts?l.
Chicago ISuiidlng Society
ORlrr 37 W. .Wnahlngloa SL.
?*K IT% and documents saved. no loan. Tho society
will devote t-CTlrc capital nn-1 resources tu as.f.i
the iudnstral clmtaca of Ctiiragw In rebuild!:)* tlu-ir
lionii'9.
Duilderh’ Materials.
i A l i*v ,Us,, 'tttner.t of carpentcre’ and bnildera* tuoU
shell hardware. Ac., at lowest cash prlc-.
Office Of UAItKKK A ILLbLKY. {,71 Stalest,
near Fourteenth. w
«rV l P*. nM rt,n Bnt ,f hara.*»t A Crcenh'af’s ui.
I E ic f k; bl ,M nd also their cplebrateil
i.m. «T. «f uleht laichc*. More.
Jl *V k r w r M« d P-*d can be lAaml at
i no and 62 Lanai «t. 6. IL UAICRIS, Agent
jnet received and fortoio by B. D. LAN DON. No.
Wo will l.tiiM two Or.t-cl.il .lores, l-icra, caro.-r
stol.an.l JUJiree-,1... to p|«ue unium, ,„d 1...,-
ready for early occupation. Apply to BOWEN
nuoTUEi:-*. .V.U Wa1.a.1.-av,
To Our Patrons
WABiSn-*V., Oft. lu, 1071
1 tv.V« f ,,a ,tore *f lot*l 10.-v; books niidp,-
Insurance doubtful. Uf course you fulh
apprrclutcourbUn.-.Hon, um| all who are ludebi".t
i«■Sss.r.".:
Ituiiiiulpii-st. ,o “M.chiga n t^v.^ t ‘wlle ‘re VTwUt
r y L or hualuoss. We owe vouour thanks
hall. kimbark ro.
Important Public Notice.
reran, for th. .rectlm, „r temporarr ilnt-lor-..
uao atory lil.b, within tho tiro limit, of 0.0 cliy, 1.,
remain not more thin on, yr.r. will lmned for
tho prerent from lue oilier of iho Boara of Pool;,-
ttorkK, ho. m. Wear lUnrlolpli.au fro bnilrilmt u>
a ration, of.nyklni will t~.llowr.loo th..lre-t.,
all-re. or ilrl-wullc. liy or.l-r of tho honrt.
f.U. BAILEY. Secretary.
English Steel.
Several cases Just received by
CLARKE. ABBOTT A* CO.
At old stand, 50 aad 52 Madison sU iburut diatru t
Rock River Paper Co.’s
BUILDING PAPER.
Don t build any building that vob »i i,
Warm and comfunab e without mine our ‘bull i?n*
roper. Ufjta lor onUnary.lirrd 4S Vr
you are only buihiinir tor tk« *5 to *5,. |f
sooJ ,h
remir ~ot a Ko-.h Jdf-r-
Stereoscopic Views
of Clllcicc,
BE *’ORE AND AFTER TUB FIRE
*>uolesale nnd retail. P. B.GREKN.
Landscape Photographer.
_ 3’3 West Jacbson-at.
“JKVu./pS'ui,’ lll ll
Ready-Made Houses,
DWELLINGS. STORES AND WAREHOUSES.
LYMAN BRIDGES** CO..
Corner Carroll and Sangamon^ta.
Building Materials
OF ALL KINDS, OLD AND NEW
Bought and sold by
LTSIAS BnimOES CO..
Comer Carroll aid Saiaamon-ate.
Odd Fellows’ Relief Committee.
Location permanent. J. Ward Ellis
ashman, John^l^™^t;K.
The Office of 0. B. Sawyer Co
IS AT 419 WABASH. AV
New ork Dime, ana Wicklli.
Can be had at the
nIIEJUIAN HOUSE NEWS DEPOT.
_ Corner Madison and Clinton
STOV.ES,
Stoves. Stoves.
FULL LINE OF NEW STOVES
8 3.T h, l, ,tar fc r in and itock ron*”
nn”', l c r^"u- r ;,c' s pr wr 1 ,0
C. T. BO.IL CO.
Office and Saleroom opooeilo Cl 3 cor.
*>er nnnnoa.aiQfi.
medical.
Ur* C* UljcJow*
Formerly of J?9 Snath.CUrk-st., corner-of itoaru
b»a located bUofflcd »t 73 South i
door irum Hadison-st., where h* hot ;i rair.StT«^“'V
reception rooms and parlors for
of hla numurons patients. Call at 73 aI|SS.M V2*f
mo loryonrselTcs. \«m will sea the s^S£iLm® 1
whom you.bate met at I 7» dunth CIJKI lap ih.
:0-. Agent*.
XotlceH.---
Charter Oak
J.*rA?!IXWA(;EN.
.JNO-'II. CI.APP, >S«cprUtji
Notice.
\rl!J mum* )ifl*{rte<
T<ockn.
200,000
PAPER COLLARS
Lind Block.
notice.
Removal.
A LBERT CRA SF