Hocal anu £tate Netos.
This is one of the shortest tiny* of the
year.
The Governor and Council will meet to
morrow.
We understand that Herbert Stinson of
this city, ia very sick in New York city.
Several persons from Gardinerbave recent
ly been committed to the county jail for rum
selling nnd drunkenness.
Good sleighing in Keadfield, Belgrade,
Sidney, and the region round about, but poor
“doing” here.
Among the Americans registered in Lon
don on the 2d inst., was Capt. L. L. Watts of
Hallowcll.
There is quite a religious interest mani
fested at the Free Baptist church in Hallo
well, ltev. E. C. Heath, pastor. There have
been several recent conversions.
The other day the city Marshal seized
three barrels of ule at the store of E. W.
Webb, and several gallons of rum at Bart
lett and Hartwell’s.
Charles 1). Jones of Wuldoboro', has been
appointed route agent on the Knox Lincoln
Railroad, to run from Bath to Rockland, and
not Charles I). James, as most of the papers
have it.
Warden Rice was in the city on Snturday,
and took two prisoners te the State Prison—
Frank A. Spaulding, who lias been committed
for life, and John E. Bubicr, committed for
one year.
A person who advertises in a morning pa
per for a clerk holds out this inducement:
“A small 3alary will be given, but he will
have enough of over work to make up the
deficiency.”
Mr. W. R. Ballard of Hallowcll has quite
a curiosity taken from the Chicago fire, con
sisting of a mass of melted toys joined to
gether by the intense heat. Some of them,
however, retain their perfect form. Mr. Bal
lard has what was once a hunch of common
carpet tacks, melted together into n solid
lump.
We would suggest that the proper officers
issue the call for the Kditors and Publishers
Convention which was adjourned to meet in
this city some time in January. The hon
ored President resides here, and he with the
other members of the craft will try to do all
in their power to make the meeting pleasant
to all the members of the fraternity in the
State who may decide to come.
Hoarding money is one of the most vicious
and cut-throat practices of business life. If
people who have money would only keep it
(irculuting instead of haggling fur usurious
interest, they would themselves be better off
in the end. The Lewiston Journal says that
one old fellow became convinced of this fact
the other day ami brought out $500 in hills
that had been hoarded so long that they were
mouldy, and deposited the funjs in one of
the Lewiston savings banks.
It seems from the Bridgton News that
Judge Rice, President of the Maine Central
Railroad, Mr. Phillips, agent of the road, and
Dr. Hill of Augusta, were in Bridgton village
last week in consultation with Mr. Jonathan
Kogg, and the local physicians, with reference
to the final adjustment of Mr. Fogg’s claim
against the raili oad for injuries sustained in
the collision which occurred near Hallowell
last June, while returning from the Demo
cratic State Convention. After a careful and
thorough investigation ot Mr. Fogg’s condi
tion, by Doctors llill of Augusta and Hill,
Webb and Kimball of Bridgton, the case
was referred to a board of referees consisting
of Hon. S. F. Pcrley of Naples, and Doctors
Hill of Augusta and Hill of Bridgton, who
subsequently rendered a decision which was
accepted by all parties, and under which a
settlement ol the case has been made to the
satisfaction of all Concerned. We learn that
the railroad company have been very liberal
in the matter.
We scarcely need to call attention to the
fact that the great Thomas concert, which
will be the event of the season, takes place
this evening, for nearly one thousand per
sons In this community know it so thoroughly
that they have secured seats in Granite Ilall
for the occasion. There are a few more seats
left which will undoubtedly be disposed of be
fore noon. The eight concerts recently given
by Mr. Thomas and his orchestra in Boston,
are conceded on all sides to have been
among the finest musical treats ever enjoyed
in that city. At the concert in Portland on
Friday evening the expectations of the large
audience were more than realized. We re
publish the programme for this evening
Part 1.
Overture, Dcr Freyscbuetz, Weber
Adagio. Prometheus, Beethoven
With Harp. Violincello, Clarionet, Flute ami Bas
soon Obligato.
Messrs. Diem, Uocco, Weiuer, W'endelsohafl'er and
Eltz.
Fantasic on Hungarian Melodies. I.istz
M iss Marie Krebs and Orchestra.
Tliemc ami Variations, Quartette 1). minor,
Sliubert
String Orchestra.
Introduction—ChoriiH and March, 3d Art, Cohen
irren, Wagner
Part II.
Overture. William Tell,” Rossini
Melodic, j Rubinstein
Caprice,)
Miss Marie Krebs.
Walt*, Rudolfs Klienge, Strufls
Serenade, lor Flute and French Horn, Till
Messrs. Weiner ami Schmitz.
Sultarello. New, Gounod
.Julius A. Palmer, Jr. Esq., a well known
literary gentleman, has a letter in Saturday's
Portland Press, of great interest, giving an
account of a cruise through Maine. We giro
an extract:
“Here is Augusta‘rising: like the Phe
no! we won’t, since Chicago was burned,
that phrase is under editorial ban. However,
the State capital, from the new Augusta
House to the beautiful iron bridge, is greatly
improved since tile fire some years since.
Hallowell does not sleep quite as soundly as
it did in the last decade, and Gardiner is pos
itively lively. Two new hotels, manulacto
ries, ice-houses and lumber-mills attest its
prosperous growth. Now hereby hangs a
tale. A dozen years or more ago, I halted in
Gardiner fur my first visit. Being given a
room in an ell, naturally of a restless, inquir
ing disposition, the hour waiting for the sup
per bell was pleasantly whiled away by a
promenade on the roof. On re-entering the
chamber, the door was Hung open, and before
my eyes, loomed a female form, the, presenti
ment of virtuous indignation.
“How cume yon in this room, sir?” Was
the impatient challenge.!
“Hm—ah—why—Madam, I was shown to
this apartment, but I'll”—
“Don’t you tell me such a falsehood; didn't
I see you creep in at that window?” (Air,
high tragedy, attitude defiant, right hand
pointing to window.)
Another attempt to explain was headed off
by a similar asseveration, but at last a prom
ise to remain a prisoner, while the irate fe
male went for the clerk, produced the expla
nation and denoument which always precedes
the fall of the curtain.”
The twenty-fifth anniversary of the marriage
of Mr. H. h. Cushing was observed on Sat
urday evening, by a gathering at his house on
State street, of the relatives of the family and
their friends to the number of about one hun
dred. Four generations were represented—
the mother, daughter, grand- daughter and
great-grand-dauglitcr. The mother was as
ful( of life and good spirits as any of the gen
erations that followed. The kind regards of
the friends present were expressed not in
words alone but in a large number of beauti
ful gifts of silver ware, which must he par
ticularly pleasing to the happy pair who have
turned the corner of a quarter century’s pil
grimage together. The refreshment table
was bountifully spread with tempting viands,
suggestive of the plenty that we trust may
ever be a guest at the household board.
BanvAnu's Holy Land. From testimonials
fr<^m those well able to judge, we are assured
the exhibition at Meonian Hall on Thursday
and Saturday evenings will largely repay all
those who attend. All the prominent places
in Palestine usually visited by travellers, will
be given and explained, and in no other way
can so much knowledge o£ Bible lands be
gained as by seeing accurate views enlarged
and beautified by the painter’s art.
A matinee for schools will be given on
Thursday afternoon next.
S. W. Huntington A Co. are offering great
bargains in Gent's Furnishing goods, suitable
for Holiday presents. doclCf3t
The strong points supporting the use of Fel
low's Compound ot Ilypophospliites arc, that
while it takes immediate hold upon the sys
tem, in stimulating the Liver, regulating and
strengthening the muscles of the Heart,
Stomach, Lungs, &c.. it has no debilitating
effect under any circumstances: and while
its continued use is marked by the general
toning of the system, without producing con
siipating effects, it may be stopped at any
time without the usual disagreeable effect fol
lowing the discontinuance of some otherwise
valuable tonics. These characteristics are
particularly valuable to consumptives and
other debilitated invalids, and are peculiar to
this preparation. declSfiwlw
liuy the Halford Table Sauce.—It is by far
the best. Let no grocer who has an over
stock of poor imported Sauces, sell you
something which has no other merit than that
it was put up in England.
Holiday Goods. Splendid assortment of
Neck Ties just received by S. \V. Hunt
ington l.'o. decldfSt
fHarriru.
In inalhaven, 30th ult., John I*. Stinson "f Pro**,
pert, t*» Mrs. Betsey A rev ot V'inalhaven.
In Rockland, 2d in.-t., John H. Gables of Rock
land, to Mi*# Lucy M> sier of South ThomaMon;
6th in.-t Win. Robinson to Miss IThedosia Holt,
both of Rockland; 7th inst.. Charles H. Daily of
Boston, to Miss Mary Inez Dinsmore of Rockland.
In Washington, UtU in»t., James W. Winchen*
baeh to Miss Watie A. Jones, both of Washington.
In Farmington, loth Inst., Edward L. >pa aiding
of Worcester, Mass., to Misa Ella A. Leland oi
Farmington.
In Kingtled, 2 Mb ult., Geo. W. Nash to Miss Mary
Mayo, both of Kinglleld.
In Manchester, N. II., 6th ult., Jonathan Edwards
of Manchester, to Miss Lydia L. Butler of New
Sharon, Me.
Diro.
At National Military Asylum. 15:h inst..of con
punipti* n, Thomas McManus, Co. F. 1st Mats. In
fantry. aged 31 years.
At Wilcou'.-* Grove, Iowa. 2f»th ult., Mary, wife of
N nthan Linn, and daughter of the lute Joshua Ward
of this city, aged 42 years.
HEIVFDEE
Has just returned from Boston with a
SPLENDID STOwK OF GOODS.
Purchased Expressly for the
HOLIDAY TRADE,
COXSISTIXU OF
ENGLISH, GERMAN AND AMERICAN C1IRO
MOs, MOTTO CARDS. CROSSES,
EMKI.EMS BRACKETS,
GALL POCKETS.
HAT-RACKS, WRITING DESKS, PICTFRE
FRAMES,
IN GREAT VARIETY, &c., &c.
Which will he sold at Prices which
DEFY COMPETITION.
Pictures Framed at Short Xotlce,
Opposite the Post Office. decl8-*2w
JUST OPENED!
NEW STORE
NEW GOODS
MR. FRANK ALLEN would most respectfully
announce to the citizens of HAI^L.O%VKt*L<
and vicinity that he has just opened a Complete
Stock of
Ladies ami Children's Furnishing
Goods,
At the New Store in Union Block, comer of Union
and Water St.. Hallow ell, where he intends to keep
a lull assortment and to sell at pri* es that cannot
be bout. Laces and Trimmings, Handkerchiefs,
Clouds, all sorts and styles of Under- lolhes, Chil
dren’s i nderclothes, Sturts and Drawers, a large
lot of Balmoral Hose. Hoop skirls, Corsets, Ac.
-lust received a large lot of Gents’ Gloves, which
will he sold cheap as dirt. The public will remem
ber our motto is to please. Also a Splendid Stock
of Christmas and Holiday Goode.
Don’t fail to call at the New Store.
MASK ALLEX.
Union Block, Water St., Hallowell. Me.
decld j3m _
Sewihg Machines
For Christmas and New Years Present*. The
WORLD RENOWNED SING]1
AND THE
CELEBRATED FLORENCE,
Two most desirable machines in the market, for
sale on
I*" A V O It ABLE TERMS.
ALSO
Needles, Shuttles, Bobbins, Oil,
C. S. I. Machine Thread, Ilall Treadles, Ac.
Having had over twelve years
Success/u l Expert en ce
REPAIRING SEWING MACHINES,
I 1 <*-»n truly recommend these Machines above all
others.
N. F. Davenport.
Water Street, Hallow ell.
I WMachinea Exchanged, to let, tud Repaired.
I )anlO-ttf
Holiday Goods!!
We shall offer to the trade on
Nonday, Dec. 18, 1871,
A Splendid Assortment
-OF
Both Useful and Ornamental
GOODS,
Suitable for Holiday Gifts!
Consisting in part of
Real Astrakan for Muffs,
Astrakan Cloth Muffs,
(Our own Manufacture,)
Sets of White Fur Suitable for
Little Girls,
Ladies anti Gents'
Lined Kid Mittens and Gloves,
Ladies Embroidered Linen Sets,
Lace and Linen Collars,
Silk Ties,
LADIES* AND GENTS’
Hem Stitched Handkerchiefs,
LADIES, AND GENTS’
Initial Handkerchiefs,
Scotch and White Wrool floods,
A LARGE LINE OF
SIi a w 1 s
LADIES’ FELT SKIRTS,
Ijncllcs’ ITndor W oar,
LATEST 8TYLE NUBIAS,
-ALSO
A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF
Dress Goods,
Including all the Novelties of the Season.
THE ABOVE GOODS WILL BE SOLD AT THE
LOWEST MARKET PRICE
Barton Russell.
Augusta, Dec. 10, 1871. denld-$*2w
hetjdee
MAKES A SPLENDID NEW STYLE
I*lioto«*rnpli9
an FAIK AS A I.II.Y ami as XATI*R \r. AS I.IFE.
First floor opposite Post Ofticc.
may!3-Tly
Wl'CsltAE U. WELLS
at them:
Furniture Rooms,
Have receive a large lot of
Swiss Carvings, Brackets, Wall
Pockets, Flower Pot Hold
ers, Book Slides, Music
Stands, Boxes, Deer
Heads, Hat Racks,
MMctlc*, Oral Frame*, Cornice*, it a* toe*,
OIL CHR0NI08, OIL PAINTINGS,
ENGRAVINGS, PHOTOGRAPHS, Cheap for Cash.
Also, Sofas. Marble Top Chamber Suits, Marble
Top Tables. Hat Trees, Mirrors. Etageres, Bateaus,
Sinks, Mantis. Bedstead*, Parlor Folding Beds.
Spring Beds. Mattresses, Feathers, Ac., all of which
w ill be sold at lower prices than usual to reduce
our stock. decl8-J:hn
Cheap
Cheaper!!
Cheapest!!
3VX n S. XX O D G E S
STILL in'BUSINESS,
And is selling her Whole Stock of
Millinery, Neck Ties,
Collars, &c.,
AT COST, hoping to dose out her eutirc stock
within THIRTY DAYS, and retire from business.
M B. HODGES,
decl6-$3w No. (5, North's Block, Augusta.
IXMt SALE. Some fine residences and lots in
this city. impure of
E. \V. WIIITEMOUSK.
Attorney at Law.
Oftiee, Freeman’s Bank Building, Augusta.
decl()*tf
Why is it
Titcomb’s Holiday bloods are .selling so fast
Because they are so
V E n Y O II E AP
A\l) DESIRABLE.
Call early, before the assortment is too much broken
decU-tltv At TlTCO>f B’S Drugstore.
A CHRISTMAS GIFT
For Boys!
HOW many persons say about Christmas time,
“I never know what to give a boy for a c hri*»t
nms Present/’ 1 will tell you what to give.
A PAIR OF SKATES,
They will please him more, and prove more ben
efit inf to him, than many other tilings-you could
choose. on can find a Large stock of them
At Long’s Gun Smith Shop,
Of every Style, at Prices that will suit.
M. W. LONG,
declfi-J2w 101 Water St., Augusta, Me.
PAINTING.
The •'subscriber, having purchased tho Paint
shop of 1L F. Morse,
South End Water St., Augusta,
Would inform the public that ho is non ready to do
CARRIAGE, SLEIGH
ASI)
SIG-N
Work in the most artistic manner, anti at
REDUCED RATES.
C. H. LEWIS.
▲DgQttft, N'ov. 13.1871. i 'llw-lmeod
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE
Daily Kennebec Journal.
News from New York.
New York. The parade of the Internation
alists to day proved a success. The occasion
is regarded not only as a mark of sympathy
for the cause in which Rossel and his com
rades suffered, but also as a triumph over the
pplice commissioners. At noon the gather
ing commenced in the neighborhood of
Cooper Institute, and soon the thoroughfares
on either side of it in third and fourth avenues
became nearly blocked up. There being be
sides the intending processionists immense
crowds of holiday street gazers, who from time
time cheered every one in general, and the
female communists Woodhull and Claflin in
particular. About a quarter past two o’clock
there was a general stir among the masses and
soon the solemn notes of a funeral dirge were
heard from the hand of Hawkins’ zouaves
which formed the head of the column. 1m
mediately after came a piattoon of tiie Scin
domore guards (colored,) and then Messrs.
Banks and Fuerau followed by a number of
ladies on foot. MissTennio C. Claflin carry
ing a red flag, which bore the inscription,
“I. A. W. section Id, and social and political
equality for both sexes, and Mrs. Victoria
Woodhull”; then the Secretary and Unions in
the following order Cuban League with Cu
ban flags; another crowd of females and
males with the drum corps of Hawkins zou
aves; the catafalque upon which were three
coffins drawn by six horses M. M. Deveuve
and Megy, late commander of the Fort Issy
ns pall bearers, and Watkins, with them
about a dozen refugees from l’aris; the
French legion of the Printers Union, Brick
layers Union, Cabinet-makers Union, ami
five carriages, in all close on to two thous
and people. In the foremost carriage sat
(Jen. Ryan of the Cuban notoriety and the
Fenian Chief O’Donnovan Rossa. In another
carriage rode Mrs. Francis Rose McKinley.
The catafalque was substantially yet taste
fully made. It was draped in black with an
inscription on the sides in white letters “To
the martyrs of the Universal Republic” and
it was decorated with red flags and streamers,
mingled with mourning crape. The proces
sionists generally wore red rosettes and scarfs
with black crape, and the banners and flags
were nearly all the same color. The banner
captured last Sunday by the police was the
most noticeable. It bore the inscription,
“The spirit .of the commune expands as the
axe of the executioner fails on tiro necks of
its martyers.” The line of march of the pro
cession was down the Bowery to Great Jones
Street, to Broadway, across Broadway to
Waverly Place, to fitth.avcnue, up fifth’ave
nue to Thirty-fouth street, to sixth avenue,
down to Fourteenth street to Lincoln's monu
meBt in Union Square, around which the
procession marched and then dispersed.
Fifth avenue was entirely deserted for once
by the “upper ten,” who took refuge behind
their window curtains occasionally peeping
out at the reds. The greatest order pre
vailed throughout.
It is reported that James A. lngersoll lett
yesterday tor Europe in the steamer Jtliein.
Jas. Sweeny, Hugh Smith and several
other ring men are at Toronto.
The rumors of last night of the arrest of
Mavor Hall and l’eter H. Swcenv prove to lie
false.
Judge Cardozo has made the receivership I
of the New Amsterdam Insurance Company
perpetual, and the company must go into I
liquidation.
The Long Branch steamer Jessie Hoyt was
ran into last night by the New Jersey central
ferry boat Elizabeth, and badly damaged.
Nobody was hurt.
Washington specials says that official ad
vices are to the effect that Gortshalkoff has
ordered Catacazy to leave America after ac
companying the Grand Duke as far as St.
Louis, and the legation to be placed in etiarge
of Baron Dowzas, its secretary, until the ar
rival of the charge d’ affairs who leaves at
once.
The suit of the Erie railroad against inter
nal revenue collector White of the sixth dis-1
trict, for the recovery of 830,000, alleged il- j
legally assessed, lias been certiorated to the
United States courts.
The bark Canada Belle, from Glasgow,
rescued Nov. 1st. a crew numbering 10 of,
the British ship liircr Dee, who were subse
quently transfered to an European bound ves- j
sel.
English merchants when the illness of the j
Prince of Wales was alarming, bought the
entire stock of Mack gloves, black artificial
flowers, dry goods and jet ornaments in par- i
ish.
News From Washington.
Washington, 10. The United States and j
British Mixed commission to-day disallowed j
the demurrer in the eases of Anthony Bar-!
clay and Janies Crutchill against the United j
States. The claim of Win. Dunn against
the United States was disallowed. The com-1
mission adjourned until the 21th of January.
A number of Congressmen will start for j
home to spend the holidays. Qu'orums are
not expected for Thursday. All important
matters, the consideration of the tarill and
the question of Cuba included, will go over
until alter the recess.
A private letter from San Domingo says
that the two years' lease of the bay of Sa
niana having expired, the United States flags
have been hauled down.
The Weather.
War Department,
Office of the Chief Signal Officer.
Washington, Dec. 17.—7 P. M.
Probabilities.
An ari a of the low barometer with rain or
snow will probably advance from Texas j
northwestward, ami cloudy weather continue
very generally on Monday east of the Missis
sippi. The barometer disturbances on the
Pacific const will probably develope into ex
tended rain. Dangerous winds are not antici
pated this evening.
Hunger Items.
Bangor, Me., 17. As a coach belonging to
the Penobscot Exchange was coming from
the steamer Katahdin at Winterport yester
day with sixteen passengers on board, while
crossing a bridge over a brook in Hamden,
the hind wheel ot the coach slewed ofl' and
the coach was overturned, catching Mr. Ar
temas B. Simons, messenger ot the Eastern
Express Company underneath the coach and
killing him instantly. No other passenger
was seriously injured, although several were
considerably bruised. Mr. Simons belonged
in Kendall's Mills where his body was taken
last night.
Mr* Jeremiah Sweetzcr of Kewburg
dropped dead on Friday while sitting in his
chair. lie was seventy-six years old.
Hon. Samuel H. Dale, mayor of tills city
died suddenly at noon to-day ot apoplexy.
Mr. Dale was widely known as a prominent
merchant. He held the office of mayor from
Mareh '03 to March '09, and was again
elected in March last. He was a native of
Salem, Mass
The Wharton Case.
Annapolis, 10. In the Wharton trial the
hooka and papers of Gen. Ketchum were in
admissible. Mrs. Chubb was allowed to cor
rect her previous testimony as to obtaining
tartar emetic trom the same party as Mrs.
Wharton, which was not a fact.
Boston Item*.
Boston. 1G. Lucius F. Kelley, a brake
man on the Boston Albany Hailroad died
to-day of injuries from being accidentally
knocked off a freight car.
Last night Middlcboro’, Mass., was visited
by skillful burglars who blew open the safe
of C. B. Wood, town clerk and treasurer,
robbing it of fifteen hundred dollars in green
backs. Also the safe of Shaw A Co., ex
pressmen, obtaining seventy-five dollars. The
burglars stole a valuable fcorse end carriage
which 'were subsequently found In the sub
urbs of Tauuton, eleven miles from Middie
boro’.
Col. Lawrence of Elgin, Illinois, who
jumped from a window of the American
House in a fit of insanity Friday, died this
forenoon.
The injunction restraining the New Eng
land Mutual Marine Insurance Company
from transacting business has been made per
petual and receivers appointed.
News From California.
San Francisco, 10. Don Manuel Cobaz of
Ecuador and Manuel Charcmo, collector of
customs at the Mexican port of La I’az, ar
rived here on Thursday last and have been
arrested on warrants charging them with pi
racy in seizing the schooner Greenwood and
for alleged violation of the law in Magdalena
Bay, October 2tith. The Lower California
Company appears to be the principal mover
in the prosecution.
The ship Glorey of the seas from Cardiff
has arrived.
The Accidental Fire Insurance Company
has reinsured all outstanding policies. The
Commercial Union Fire Insurance Company
of London, England will retire from business
after settling its Chicago losses at fifty cents
on a dollar. The Pacific Fire Insurance
Company will have a deficit of over $100
000, which the stockholders will make up by
subscriptions.
EUROPEAN NEWS.
Berne, 16. The federal assembly hare
passed a bill interdicting the' establishment
of Jesuit communities, or the employment of
Jesuites as doctrinal teachers in Switzerland.
London, 17. An official bulletin from
Sandringham at 8 o’clock this morning an
nounced that the Prince of Wales passed a
quiet night and was satisfactorily progressing
towards recovery, and the bulletin issued
late this afternoon reports that the Prince had
passed a tranquil day.
Paris, 16. The French committee propose
to present the government of England an oil
painting commemorative of the great efforts
made by the people and authorities of that
country to supply the French people with food
when they were sorely pressed by hunger and
distress at the close of the war.
The bill which was recently introduced in
the assembly providing for a partial renewal
of the Chamber lias been rejected by the com*
mitttee which had it under consideration.
Telegraph Mews tu tlenrral.
Atlanta, 15. Gov. Conley vetoed the bill
appropriating $42,000 to pay the interest on
gold bonds.
Parties charged with implication in the Ku
Klux outrages were all discharged to-day.
except two front I)*de county, who were re
quired to give bontls of $2,500 for whipping a
person.
Milwaukee, 16. A despatch from Fargo,
Minn., on the line of the Northern Pacific
railroad says the worst storm witnessed has
been prevailing since 10 o’clock last night.
It is snowing and blowing furiously.
St. Louis, 15. The lower house of the
Legislature to-day passed a concurrent reso
lution asking Congress to pass a law granting
lull amnesty to all who have been deprived
tlie rffeht of citizenship.
Cairo, III., 17. The furniture store of B.
S. Howell was burned last evening. Loss
$12,000 to $20,000.
Two steamers after butting at theme gorge
below the city yesterday and to-day, succeed
ed in opening a passage, and navigation soutli
is resumed.
Philadelphia, 16. The Miner’s Journal
says: “The joint committee in Schuykill, ap
pointed to fix tlie rate of wages for the month
met yesterday at Pottsville. Keturns have
been received from all firms except the Phil
adelphia coal company, the committee found
tlie average price to be $2 31 per ton for De
cember, which is a decline of about $3.14 per
ton from the November rates. The talked of
strike turns out to be a rnmor only, as it
could be readily seen ttiat nothing would be
gained and everything would be lost by soch
a course at this season of the year.
Ottawa, 16. The Grand Duke will arrive
here on Monday. He will receive tlie ad
dress of tlie Mayor and city Council privately
on Tuesday, lie does not wisli any public
demonstrations to be made Rnd his visit will
probably be a very quiet one.
Savannah, 16. Mr. Itobb, collector of
tliis port, after a full investigation, was hon
orable discharged by tlie jury without leaving
the box.
Halifax, 16. Tim Inman, Newfoundland
mail contract expires February 1st. After
that tlie services will be pertorracd by tlie
Quebec and Gulf Ports steamship company.
Steamers will run between St. John and
Pietou during tlie summer.
Memphis, 16. John H. Duff, a clerk in
the post office here, drew tlie capital prize of
$35,000 in tlie Louisville library lottery.
FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL
New York money Market.
New York. December IG.
Gold closed at loO1,
D ied Simes Sixes (coupons), Ihdl 117.V 3
5-20’t. DGii, luj *4 g
l^d. no g
lbG.r), 111 a
4 lH^.^Jan. A July. lliJid
IHG7, 115*»fl
1^« 315**$
liMo’u^coupons) I0‘.oa g
I’aciil ixes, lig^g
Centr Pact lies ou1 g
Uni.., a
New lorli stock Market.
New Visit k December, IG.
Muriposn do pld., Canton Co. 09 Cum
borlaud Co. 40 Western Union 1Y1 Co., 87 V
Quicksilver Mining Co,, 23 Pneillc Mail, 41U i
Itosloti atcr l'owcr. 40 Adams l-;\. Co.. bii\
Wells. Fargo A Co., 57‘4 American Merchants Un
5S l a. Ex. Co., (jb>, N. V. Central A Hudson
llive.r, 92S,; do. »erlp. Ml* Erie, 31!, do. idd.td
Uurlein, 120 do. phi 12G Keading. 1145* Mirh.
Central, ll* Lake .shore and Mivlngan Southern
Mi’,; Illinois Central 132s iCleveland A Pittsburg,
125 Chicago A North Western, id do. pld SO
Chicago A dock Islaud. 1033,, Mil. A St. Paul 51
do. pld.. 7s*4 Toledo, Wabash A Western, 03
do. pld 84 Pittsburg A t oi l Wuyue, 9G\ Terre
Halite. Pi do. pld 49; Alton, I1B do, pfd l-.’o
Ohio A Miss., 41*4 lUoston, Hartford A Erie. i\
New York Produce Market.
New York, December, 1C.
COTTON—sales 1106 bales: mid. unlands 19\.
FLOUd—49000; stale 580* 1110, round hoop iduo
l.Yia715 we. tern 85»7 25, southern GgOgl) 25.
WHEAT 24000 bu; No. 2 spring 1504 162 new
Po 2 do .winter red and amber western 102 aldi.
^COKN— OtiOOU ^newr mixed western 77>, 87s>,.
OATS—suli s 3C090 western 651, goo
POKE— new mess, aij.oo. old, 13.50
13 US prime,
l.Adl> 9 J 9V steam: kettle, 101,'.
ltUTTEIt-West’ll. 11823; state, 2:1334.
WHISK NY Western tree, 94!4
dlCE—Carolina, s’, gj
8UOAK— Porto iti, u, 3 Museovado, 81,1'.'V
Chicago Produce M.-rket.
Uhicauo, December 1C.
FLOCd—spring extra*
WHEAT-No, 2,119VS
CORN-41 R
O ATH- WRfor No. 4
R1E—No 4, 92 V
BAltLKY-MR for No. i.
MKSSPORK- 1325
LARD HR.
LIVE HOC3—450.
fl,onr’ 20-m wheat 103.000 corn
24^mpinhSSLSSSe5' 24l°00 ho*8
300umwg.ojt^.aour- 1'000 “>ra 21000
Cincinnati Produce Mark it
Cincinnati, December 1C.
MESS PORK—14 73
LAUD HR.
BULK MEATS—sides OR
BACON—shoulder, 6R clear rib 8; tl.les su
WHISKEY-00 H
STATE NEWS.
The Rockland Gazette says that a meeting
was held at the Common Council room on
Monday evening, for the purpose of consid
ering the proposition of Mr. Howe, of Marl
boro’, Mass., for establishing a shoe factory
in Rockland. It is understood that Mr. Howe
proposes to invest 810,000 in the business, on
condition that the citizens subscribe 840,000.
At the meeting referred to 810,000 was raised
and there is a fair prospect of obtaining the
sum required.
The Sunrise says that l’rcsque Isle lias
voted unanimously to offer the bonds of the
town of an amount not to exceed 820,000,
payable in ten years with interest annually, to
any parties who will within two years expend
an equal amount in the erection of a woolen
factory in that town of sufficient capacity for
three setts of machinery. Also to exempt
the building land on which it shall be erected,
water power and machinery from taxation
for ten years. The town to be saved harm
less by a mortgage of the property, which at
all times is to be insured for the benefit of the
town.
The harbor master of Bangor informs the
Whig that the whole number of arrivals at
that port during the season of open navigation
in tlie river(Mar. 18 to Nov. 30-202 days) was
2,714, aggregating about 390.000 tons There
visited that port 791 different vessels, of
which 9 were steamers, 1 ship, G barques, 51
brigs, 715 schooners, 0 sloops and 3 yachts—
the smaller fishing craft not being included in
this statement.
The Whig says that Rev. Thomas Cooper,
formerly somewhat notorious in that vicinity,
lias been arrested in Schenectady, N. Y., for
a base assault upofl a very respectable mem
ber of his parish. This is the same person
who was dismissed from the Methodist church
in Brewer, for slander, falsehood, and a sim
ilar assult as that attempted at Schenectady,
upon a member of the Brewer society. An
old rascal.
The directors of the European North
American railroad are very unwilling to re
lease Mr. Lunt, their superintendent, who
has recently been elected to the same position
on the Maine Central.
The Lewiston Journal says the Lincoln
mill will receive 500 additional spindles in
January. The new mill enterprises projected
for that city post season, will prove a most
excellent contribution to business. Croakers
will have to take a back seat. Most of them
now see that the capitalists interested in
Lewiston mean to have every drop of water
in the river running over waterwheels and
hitched to spindles.
The Reporter says that the Bridgton Sav
ings hank, which has been established only
about two years, contains deposits to the
amount of 870,000. Of this sum $22,000 lias
been deposited within the past six months.
The hank lias just made a semi-annual divi
dend of 3 1-2 per cent.
The Press stamps as false the reports that
have been flying about that the small pox is
prevailing in Portland. The only case of
this nature in town is that of Capt. Anderson
who isTecovering from an attack of varioloid
At the pest house the only cases were those
of McKay, the Rockland sailor, Rev. Mr.
Reeve, the Methodist minister who came in
the Samatian and Capt. Symonds ot Kenne
hunk, w ho came in the Prussia. The last
two are convalescent and will he discharged
next week, though no ianger would occur by
their dismissal to- da*-. This statement is
made on the authority of Dr. Getchull, city
physician. The health of the city is as good
as usual.
Hon. E. lv. O’Brien, of the firm of Bur
gess. O’lirten Co., of Thomaston, shipped
tile first lot of lime that was sent over the
Knox Lincoln railroad. It was directed to
Hon. James T. Patten of Bath.
The Rockland Gazette says that Messrs.
Walker, Dunn Co., are building one of
their first class three-masted schooners, to he
launched in a few weeks. It is said that
John G. Dunn, a son of one of the builders,
will take command of her.
The Press says that the Woodman Little
john mill in Yarmouth lias been sold to Ho
mer P. Locke, 6t the firm of Lo ke. Twitch
ell Co., for $14,600. The storehouse near
the Grand Trunk station brought $325 The
mill is said to have originally cost 837,000
Mr. Locke will carry on the manufacture of
paper from pulp.
Washington Matters.
Commissioner Douglass has nominated to
the President James M. Ray of Indiana for
third deputy commissioner of internal reve
nue.
The farewell complimentary dinner to Gov
enor Washburn by his Massachusetts col
leagues, will be given at Wormley’s Tuesday
evening.
The lease of the Catacazy mansion, which
tins four years to run. with all the furniture,
carriages, horses, etc., of the establishment,
is advertised for sale.
The appropriation bills for carrying into
i effect the treaty of Washington passed the
House without a word of opposition from any
quarter, and only a few of explanation from
General Banks, who had them in charge.
The Democrats are jubilant over the debate
of Friday as affording evidence that the Re
publicans who are opposed to Gen. Grant in
tend to make him the scape-goat for all de
falcations and misdemeanors conffliitted by
public servants, evidently with a desire to
make him unpopular with the people.
The joint resolution passed by the House
for the survey of the British. American bound
ary, from the Lake of Woods to the Rocky
Mountains, appropriates $100,000 for the
purpose. The distance is about $70 miles.
The Senate finance committee have called
on Secretary Boutwcll for information as to
the exact amount necessary to equalize the
payment of the government workmen under
the eight-hour law, and when his answer is
received, which w ill not be until after t-tio re
cess, it la expected that the measure will pass
without opposition.
In the United States House of Representa
tives Friday, a petition was received from
merchants Boston and New York, asking for
a reduction of the duty upon ripe. Bills w ere
passed making appropriations for land and a
building in Chicago to be used for govern
ment offices, to carry out the treaty ot Wash
ington, and appropriating Sl-’ilvOOO to meet
the McCartney deficiency in the post-office
department.
The eight territorial delegates in the House
of Representatives have organized them
selves into a combination for mutual defence
and eo-operation, elected Governor McCar
mick of Arizona, chairman, and hold daily
sessions in the unused room of one of the
ornamental committees of the Honse. The
organization is n new feature of the House,
but it promises most favorable results, gnd
to give the Territories power and influence
which they have never before obtained.
Mr. Trumbull has created quite a sensa
tion among the representatives of the salt
and coal interests by his declaration that he
intends to move that the Senate Committee
on Finance be discharged from the further
consideration of the bills from the House of
Representatives repealing the duty on salt
and the duty on coal. The Finance Commit
the of the Senate deti e to retain the bill*
until they can get a general bill from the
House amending the tariff and the internal
revenue, but Mr. Trumbull wishes the Sen
ate to act at once on these House bills.
The Senators who are to compose the Com
mittee on Investigation and Retrenchment,
will be Messrs. Buckingham, Howe, Harland,
Stewart, Pool, Pratt and Bayard. The tlrst
six are well known to the people and to the
Republican party, aS gentlemen wlto will not
shrink irom making the most searching in
vestigation, and who will not seek to conceal
corruption, even though the administration
mny be arraigned as responsible for it.
NEWS BY MAIL
Samuel L. Hinckley of Boston, formerly a
resident of Northampton, died at Paris very
suddenly of heart disease on Wednesday. 7
The superintendent of schools at Hunter's
Point repudiates tiie late compromise, and
the Bible war will probably be resumed.
The bill repealing woman suffrage in Wy
oming Territory, after passing the House,
failed to pass the council (tiie upper House).
Every news-dealer in Syracuse, N. Y.,
lias been indicted by the grand jury, and
summoned before the court on Monday, for
selling obscene pictorials and weeklies.
Colonel B. F. Lawrence, formerly of Elgin,
Illinois, a gentleman G2 years old, attempted
to commit suicide, while insane, at the Am
erican House, Boston Fiiday morning.
i’lie grand jury in New York has asked for
further time to examine the city frauds, and
it is believed that they have already found
several bills of indictment.
Tiie statements to the effect that Pope Pius
Ninth had become reconciled with King Vic
tor Emanuel are not confirmed by latest ad
vices.. On the contrary, it appears that his
holiness is as firm as ever in his determina
tion to abate not one jot or tittle with refer
ence to his temporalities
About half-past four o’clock Thursday af
ternoon tiie freight train for Portland ran off
tiie track at the junction of the Eastern Rail
road, at Somerville, leaving several cars
across tiie track of the Eastern Railroad, and
impeding travel for nearly four hours. The
inward track of the Boston Maine Railroad
remained clear, and by means of a switch
travel on that road was not interrupted. On
the Eastern about ten passenger trains were
delayed at one time, and it was not until half
past seven o’clock that travel was resumed.
Hon. George II. Williams, who succeeds
Mr. Akerman, as attorney General, is a na
tive of New York, Iorty-eight years of age,
ami a self-educated lawyer. He lived in
Iowa several years, holding several judicial
offices. In 1833 he was appointed by Presi
dent Pierce Chief Justice of the Territory of
Oregon, and bo has lived there since. He
entered the United States Senate in I8G4 as a
republican, and was of great service on im
portant committees. At the close of his term
last spring he was made a member cf the
Joint High Commission, where he served
with credit.
The effect of the decision of the United
States Supreme Court, recently announced,
in the ease ol Ward vs. the State of Mary
land, is to declare unconstitutional and void
State or city laws compelling commercial
travellers to take out local licenses which an
not equally exacted of resident dealers.
I hose laws hare heretofore prevailed in vari
ous States and cities in the South and West.
The recent case was contested under authority
of the Society of Commercial Travellers.
HOLIDAY GOODS
MISS. XX, -s9L. FXKB,
DEALER IN
Fancy Goods, Embroideries.
Laces, Collars, Gloves, Hosiery.
Hoop Skirts and Corsets,
Water Street,
AUGUSTA am. GARDINER,
HAS NOW IN STORE A LARGE LOT OF
HOLIDAY GOODS!
decl5-t2w
Wheeler Wilson Sewing Ma
chine for Sale.
A FALL CABINET CASE Wheeler A Wilson
Sewing Ma bine belonging to the estate of the
lata Silas Leonard. Cost $150; price #65. Call on
_ o. w. jonbs.
Dec. H, 1871. Uecl5- >t
BOSTON
MEDICAL
INSTITUTE,
No. 34 Temple Place
BOSTON.
a B. RUSSELL, PreVt.
W. R. WILBUR, Swr’y.
a GREENE, M. D.,
Bupt. Physician
Office Hours, 9 to 2.
The object in establishing this Institution
was to attain the greatest perfection in tht
preparation, practice and use of Vegetable
Remedies, and to secure a permanent place
where Families, Invalids, or any person could
oDtam the best medical advice, and such rem
edies as each might require, without the use
of poisonous drugs.
Dr. Greene has been Physician of the Insti
tute since its foundation, now more than
twenty-five years. Few men have had so
large experience in the treatment of chronic
diseases. Dr. Greene is in his fifty-fifth yeai
and has devoted his life to this branch of his
profession, and his success, we believe is with
out parallel.
Among the diseases to which he gives es
pecial attention may be noticed Cancer, Scrof
ila, Catarrh, Bronchitis, Consumption, Heart
Disease, Neuralgia, Asthma, Nervousness,
Rheumatism, Paralysis, Spinal Diseases, Dys
pepsia, Liver Complaint, Female Complaints,
faint Stomach, Erysipelas, White Swslling,
Salt Rheum, Canker, Deafness, Kidney Dis
eases, Seminal Weakness, &c.
Dr. Greene’s Medical Pamphlet, descrip
tive of diseases and theieproper treatment, will
jc sent free to invalids.
Address, R. GREENE, M. D.,
Hi Temple Place, Bottom, Mass.
POUTPANS
llusiucss College
Scholarships for run business course issued
in this, are good for an unlimited time in sR of
the Colleges of the Internationa Business College
Association.
For full information address
I.. X. ORAY, A. at., Principal,
;lm:iti Portland, Me
I I
CIONSTANTLY receiving at our store, north end
J Water street,
Flour, Meal, Cracked Corn,
Anil all kind* of Feed. *«ood Flour for $8 50, Yel
low Corn Meal 05 eta., Mixed Corn Met) 1*3 cl*., or
h* low a-* at any oilier *tore iu the city. Ca*b paid
for ricked Hay, Straw and swale 11a/.
>r. XaKK it CO,i Auifuatn*
47*lf