lake-fkont habbob.
*r Colonel D. c. Houston, of the
Engineer Corps, to «en, A. A. Humph.
rey«.
(3F w C .os. f^? e C ?J e S °f Esoiseers, I
_ JVASHioNQTOK. D. C., Sept. 29,1871. s
-Zrw». W. W. Belknap, Secretary of Wnr:
Sir: A.board of engineer officers was consti
tuted by your authority in August last, to
assemble in Chicago, Illinois, to take into
consideration the plans submitted bv the
IlhnoiM Central Railroad Company for docks
or wharves in the basin now being formed
by the construction of the United States
Breakwater; to report their views tlioreon, I
and to establish the limiting lines for sneh I
constructions in that basin, reference being
had to the interests of commerce and of navi-1
gation.
The report of the hoanl is herewith trails
nutted, ami the approval of the harbor line
Proposed by it is respectfully recommended,
together with so much of the plan submitted
by the President, of the Illinois Central Kail
road Company as relates to wharves north of
the north lino of Randolph street, prolonged.
It is also recommended that the construe
tionof wharves within the limiting harbor
"“ASSS of 5? x a ol P 11 street shall not be
un tl l t* l6 plans for them have
vJJIJ approved by the Secretary of War.
er y respoctfully. yonr obedient servant,
(Signed) a. A. Humpiiiikys,
ling. General and Chief of Engineers.
Approved:
(Signed) TVm. W. Bklkxai*,
Oct. 4,-1871. Secretary of War.
i roceuumps of the Board of Engineers,
convened m pursuauce of the following or
ders, viz.:
(Special Orders. No. JOS.J
Headquarters Corps of Engineers.
WASHINGTON. D. C. f August 3,1873. S
(Extmcr.i
2. A Board of Engineers, to consist of Lt.
CoL L C. Woodruff, Corps of Engineers*
Major G. K, Warren, Con* of Engineers;
Minor G. C. Houston, Corns of Engineers
will assemble in Chicago. 111., on the 10th of
August, 1871, or as soon thereafter as practic
able, to take into consideration the places for
docks in the basin now being formed bv the
construction of the United States Breakwater
in that harbor, which docks are proposed to
bo built by the Illinois Central Kailroad Com
pany.or others, t« report their views thereon
and to establish the limiting lines for such
construction in that basin, reference being
had to the interests of commerce and naviga
tion therein.
The object sought to be obtained bv the
construction of the breakwater, ami the
legitimate use of the basin, should be fullv
discussed by the board, and the grounds for
the conclusions clearly stated.
By command of Brig. Gen. A. A. Hum
phreys.
(Signed) Tuos. Lincoln Casey,
X Major of Engineers.
Monday, Sept. 11, 1871.
The boam met at 9:30 a. m., at the office of
Major D, C. Houston, Corjw of Engineers
Present Lieutenant Colonel I. C. Woodruff
-Major G. K. Warren and Major D. C. Houston*
After examining the maps of Chicago har
bor ami the reports and acts of Congress re
lating to the “outer harbor.” the hoard
visited the harltor accompanied hy a uumher
of citizens interested in the matter, ami rep
resenting various opinions as to the object of
the harbor; whether wharves were advisable
.ami if so, to what extent.
After examining the harliorthc board re
assembled and continued the session until 2
j». m.
At 3 p. m. the board met and were visited
by the Mayor of the city, and othereitizens,
who desired to express their views.
At 4:30 p. m. the hoard proceeded via the
Illinois Central to its junction with the
Michigan Southern Kailroad and were afford
ed an opportunity of seeing the entire lake j
front of the city, south of ChieagoKiver. I
Tcehday, Sept. 12,1871.
The board met at 0 a. m., and proceeded bv
Invitation to visit the harbor of refuge for
Chicago, at tho mouth of the Calumet Kiver.
now being formed. This examination occu
pied the day.
Wednesday, Sept. 13.1871.
Tho board met at 9 a. uu, and proceeded to
moke a critical examination of the works at
the month of the Chicago Kiver. After visit
ing tho harbor, the board continued the in
vestigation of tho facts bearing upon the
subject referred to. and listened to tho views
of shipowners, Captains of vessels, and
others, regarding the question of occupying
-the outer harbor by wharves, &c.
TiIfIWDAV, Sept. 14,1871.
The board met at 9a- m., and, after a full
discussion of the questions before it. decided
on the report appended below. Tho board
adjounma at 4 p. m.
_ REPORT.
Thojlmanl find that, in pursuance of a reso
lution of the House of Representatives, of
Fe .wuary 17.1869, a survey was made at the
port of Chicago, with the view “to secure
such eu'.'drged facilities as the necessities of
commerce' ut that jKimt demanded.”
The survey, was made under the direction
of Major J.*B. »»heeler, CorjH of Engineers,
in ISUU. The fallowing extracts are taken
from Major Whee. or’s report:
Therefore, in a commercial point of view,
Chicago ranks very highly, probably the
third or fourth port in t» ie United States. It
is manifest that tho Kiver is taxed
to its utmost capacity to accommodate the
present _ condition of affairs, a.ud that it is
utterly inadequate to meet tho w.'Uits of com
merce rapidly growing.
I would, therefore, propose enclosing a
portion of the lako forming au outer harbor,
that would meet the present wants, and cap
able c>f.being enlarged as tho future might
require. My plan would be to continue the
work on tho extension of tho south pier,
until it is equal in length to the north, then
build a breakwater at right angles and ex
tending southward for four thousand feet,
and then joiu tho extremity of this break
water to the shore by a pier. Au opening of
three hundred feet or more to be left in the
pier, forming the north side of tho basin, to
admit vessels from the harbor entrance. This
basin would coutaiu au area of 2To acres, one
third of which would have a depth of over
twelve feet of water, and the remainder a
depth of over seven feet, that eau.be easily
deepened to twelve feet, affording a splendid I
harbor of refuge for all classes of vessels I
sailing to ami from this port at the present
time.
The location of this basin or outer-harbor I
is given on tbe tracing accompanying this j
report drawn in red dotted lines. 1
As tbe future necessities required an en
largement of tins'basin, it would only be
necessary to prolong tho breakwater to any
required distance, joiu the extremity to the
shore by a pier, ami make au opening in the
present proposed boundary. A judicious
arrangement of wharves and slips on the
Wtitfcru or shore side of the basin would
afford au abundance of dock privileges, by
aneemsof which the river would be relieved
from its present crowded coudition.
This arrangement would naturally fall into
the bunds of the city authorities, or owners
of the property along the shore, ami does not
therefore properly belong to this report.
I would mention in this connection the
claim made by owners of water-fronts to the
laud under tho wator. Before an improve
ment of this kind is made, fljo exact rights
of the owners should he understood and
made known to all interested.”
This report was approved by a board of
engineer officers, and bylim Chief of Engi
neers.
An appropriation of *li».000 was made h;
the Act of Congress dated July 11, IS7O, fo
enlargement of harbor facilities ut Chieagi
Illinois, according to the plans of the Eugi
*it*f Department/’ and for a harbor of rel
«ge *W,UOO. The latter sum was designed fo
it he improremeut of. the mouth of the Calu
met River, f*2jiiiles south of Chicago River. 1
appears, therefore, from the reports of the eii
i?meer officers, ami tin; Act of Congress basts
tun them, that the objects of the breakwate
now in process of construction ut Chieagi
are—lirst, to afford the necessary upeljurag
ground, and, second, to enable the owner* p
property on the lake shore to construe
vJwrres and slips ou the western side of thi
Itssiu, which could not l>e done without sue!
wfcectjon, and thusrrbVre the crotcdai com//
'n. of iht rim*.
outer harbor*’ is not immediately
AfJ*, m*. harbor of refuge, the river beiiif
and a harbor of refuge j:
Imnwlurnic f t'>« Calmuc;
i! S }S"X« for llio so,-or
1 Pr
these will uecessorilv seek tlu ir,nr
It is therefore necessary that su J i*) 1 I
bo left between the breakwater
wharves constructed In the basin, to 11
the free passage of vessels and for aneb.
ground. Tho boanl is of opinion. that
open space of not b*ss than t.200 feet west ot
the breakwater, north of the north lino of
Randolph street, and 2,000 feet west of the
breakwater, south of that line is
sufficient for tho pun>oses of a
“roadstead” and would recommend
that a Hue commencing at a point on the
south side of the U. S. south pier, and 1200
feet west of the west line of the breakwater,
aud running due south till it intersects the
prolongation of tho north line of Randolph
street, thence due west SOU feet, thence due
south till it iuterccts an east ami west Hue
through the south end of tlq* breakwater as
al present designed, he established as the
harbor line, beyond which no wharves or
other structures shall extend. As the future
wants of commerce require, the (breakwater
can be extended southward, and thus fur*
iiish harW facilities to any extent.
The board are also of‘the opinion that
the new wharves should be built with
slue regard to sanitary requirements,
and tbatjfcthe piers shouldl be in part
jit least of opeu pile work, so ns to admit tbe
free circulation of the water, and thus pre
vrat accumulation of foul matter in the slips.
If the location of the slips could tic liiudo ou
prolongationof the streets us suggested hv
pr. Rauch, ot the Hoard of Health, it would
In* better for ventilation, but for convenience
of approach for vehicles it might be better to
place the piers ou the prolongation of the
streets. These arrangements should be regu
lated by the local authorities.
The plan of wharves submitted l»v (he
Illinois Central Railroad Company, south of
north line of Randolph street l»esides
hein.^ 1 1 11^0 euter feet beyond thi*
liue wo I,a e recommended, seems ohjeetion
uble in W klu he «P a ce too wide, for gen
emt purposes. lH:t yr©eii the slips, thus diiuiu-
uimocessa*. amount of room for
|An the question of to theland
on the shore from tho north i*^ ,e "anUolph
VOLUME 25.
Srenk T 1,1 ,he United States
i. rt o£ Northern District of Illi-
SHt’i-s ...Vl OUl i Pla,nt u,adu b v "if United
V s "Jncli answer was made by the
Cmulrmv f n tlie lliuoit} Central Railroad
V 1 December, IbOH. it wunW seem
KS?Pri mt 1,0 r»e« should be allowed to be
{Slit IT® W 1 a has been made.
8 e “dvrests of commerce and navi-
I gallon, there are local matters atlecting the
1 i I 1 °S lIli I,aB n Inch should be
I controlled by the city. After all questions
jof rights along the lake shore have
|bten disposed of, whoever may be en-
I titled to bmld piers, if such a right
l exists, should then be required to submit his
(plans to the Engineer Department for an
provnljnntil that time all parties should be
prohibited from tilling up any part of the b*
Uin now ).o,ng formed outside. of the prase.it
I ««mI« to protect the track of
tile Illinois Central Kailroad Co. North of,
Randolph street there is no dispute as to the
hose interests are affected, as fnllv explain
Ihe board has had an opportunity of cmi-
SrtV v vJ Tr m,1,, r Sip.
vitrkmß opinim.*: and
Wr, Ui^»™aS
Iw^rdlhatilJu'r^ 01 1 Company informs the
m,d
«.?ttrfwinuL“f I ?‘“i r “t: a,ld ai,LrB arusul
li.io of i Uidoago Harbor, allowing harbor
hoard la 01 ,locks "I'Pi'iveil by thi
nmlwba^- d ta, eujei relation to docks
c 1,1 ,llc outer harbor of Chicago
by ll mom Central Kailroad Company fc
Copy of letter of President of the Illi
toy of nfirmm, C 0 thu Stcr
!i..lc&/X«a i^;-‘ ar^“p-
loAiff of I>,lbliu WOTks
r»i**, t’uruplilet containing a report of E. S.
Chcshrouah, City Engineer, and the act of
L, a ,lri i rrluynu to a portion of the
I k-iJ”' *F U lunds ami Lake Park grounds,
ni and adjacent to the shore of Lake
I of* Chicago* 1 lllU astt:rn fr «wtago of the City
i ll>c 1 nited States of America
leer.,,. Illinois Central Kailroad Company
1 ?‘‘*\r 1 5 irhn^ 011 9»«*cy Kailroad Coin
c™Sl{"li ,y ,hc lUiuo
V* Vle i VH *V f 8 hil»-ownerH, Captains of ves
-BC]*’ ot hcrs on objects of basin.
110. Report on outside barborof Chicago by
committee of Hoard of Trade, March 8, IS7O*
Respectfully submitted,
U n t I-C. Woonm*FF,
Col. of tug., Bvt. Brig Gen.. U. 8. A.
G. K. Wauukn*.
Major of Eng., Bvt. Mai. Con. U. S. A.
D. C. Houston,
Miqor Engineers, Bvt. Colonel.
THE FARM AND GARDEN.
The Form and Garden Rmouci it* Vl.lu
The Relation Betwren the City and
Cqubipj-A Great Union Depot ia the
City Demanded hr All latere*!*—Reiter,
and Dew It 1* managed.
From onr Agricultural Correspondent,
CIIAMI'AHJX, HI. OV 4.
.i/r/ tCr a H^ weeks of suspension,
fhe Farm and Garden meets its friends,
from the costly farm mansion totho hnmlde
hresideof tljc pioneer. Wherever the hands
jof man are engaged in the useful industries,
and striving hy labor and genius to make
progress with the march of the age, it finds
a home, and from there it gathers now ideas
to send out broadcast, to aid other toilers in
♦he Hold of useful industry, i)d the making
|of :i’oro pleasant homos. Phr more than
twenty tbo ties of a natural depend
ence and natural have been draw
ing ns into chosen h»t a.
great calamity camo bet ween ns. and for ;1 1
time we have lieen separated,—but to meet
again, and to more fully appreciate onr mu
tual dependence, and to draw useful lessons
from the disaster that has come between ns.
The wijiing out of tho reserved wages that
had aeeiimnlatiKl on an area of 2.500 acres, to
the value of $200,000,000. is a most startling
fact in the worlds history. But all of this
was not the reserved wages of tho people of
the city, for the country had a largo interest
m it. A part of the grain in the burned
warehouse*: good* in trannitit; farm. nud har
den, ami orchard products to lie sold on com
mission; investments in huililini's and mer
chandise, and in money loaned to relations
and Xrieuds,—roll uti a restieetahle
aphrepate alimvinp that makes the
country a serious laser by the tire-swept
blocks of commercial wealth. Wo of the
country are not troubled with the insurance
oucstlou, for little of our goods that went
down in the disaster were covered with in
surance. Ihe loss is thus entire, and comes
to us without hope of return.
People wonder at the interest that is mani
fested in this tiery disjiensation but thov
newl not wonder if (hey but relloct for a
moment bow widespread an* the business re
lationsiof the civilized world with the Gar
den City, and how important it has become
as point of distribution for the products of i
labor, troin the time that the stool pj mv I
lirst rifted the rich mold of the prairie, when
genius marshalisd thereaperto the harvest
tield. when the slow, dead brat of thenntmnu i
jlail gave place to the music of tho thresher,
Chicago became essential to the well-being 1
and prosperity of tho Northwest; and,
no disaster that comes from the hand
J n lu e i* u hiakc it otherwise. Whatever ill
befalls Chicago, the shock is felt in tho eoun
try: for Clm ago is but the representative of
the industry, the wealth, and the energy of
the country. It is there where the reserved
earnings of the people are stored for use or
exchange. When the tiro licked up block
after block, the people of (be conntrv
gathered at the stations to feel the throbbing
of the electric pulse that told of the work of
the demon that was playing with the labors
iof tlie people. But there is left of Chicago
its enterprise, its genius, and its business
integrity; and the country will, as before,
trust to diem, and t.’ips pour into her new
warehouses (be wealth of'ber p.ajrie farms,
her forests, and her mines, with llie tnii us
snraiiee ihgMn inanufaetmvs and commerce
the city will boon be again more than re
y stored to lior;formerposition of usefulness.
»f iu l}*o railroad system of tlit* city. Jhp
>»t country has u Jgree interest; ami it is to bo
1* hoped that in th« recouotrjjption, attention
i- wul l*o Paul to railroad economies. 1* is too
r bite in two J«y to curt goods from one depot
to another. :w was proven l.y the “Peanut
It War," at Kne, wherein that ancient people
had a strong for transfers, a htop
il ping of the tiaveUvr s*y to him Howdy.”
!r and compel him to pay a fcyf cents toll.
There 1m now no rc.isou why a}} ihe
v r railroads of the great citv should hot
*f have a common passenger depot, and at least
1 one renenil freight depot for the transfer of
L goods. Vhe lumber yards should all he lo
n caiedon the lines of the several roads, in
such a manner that dhr-40a4« liter he readily
transferred. Under lliisehaufcM M>nd»tluh
of t lungs, the county puts in its plea for such
K now arrangements as will he of mutual ml*
vantage to both city and country. While
'1 C lm'hyojs the great central point of distribu
fw* 1 sJ{, competitors that
w will more orlesadivido’wiih her this husi
ness: and, and for this reason. ii Viand* in
I hand not only the city, but the railroads,!hat
they provide easy and quick access to the
1 citv, tuid reduce the cost of freight transfers
and wsu-hmising to tlie lowest possible rates.
L All the roh’ds southeast. south, and west
e should reacli the'eiiy*b\ 4 U' lH*c whore, and
t j enter a Union Depot, m LaW p-ak. v.-hji,-
lm tlioeo/rom the northwest and nmilr shotiM
I Ur.ot*ito»iver at Kush street. and -rentiv at
the same depot. Under the old system, the
timelier was Vulrjecied pi great iueon veui
emeJ'H*,^‘ t ,n ittM V °OC d*i?ift- to miolher.
uml to u 1,81 ps *t*‘ur that it has iv&ujtcd iu a
much less a.’uoimi of travel. ThWlijay look
ns a snail thin the■ country lo complain
of nor would a have Wen said Ijacl
1 not an opportunity occurred to “make a
change. Ladies have seiT''Us objections to
pass long distances through a strange »,ity
even in hacks ami omnibuses, and. therefore,
refuse to go journeys that subject them to
this unpleasant condition of things, Then*
aro many persons who think separate and in
dependent depots are an advantage lo a town
or city: but, m a cam* like Chicago, where
competition is active, their only defence Is io’
have the several lines centre at one point.
We all remember what ofl'ect tho wmvijojise
monopoly luul on the grain trade of tho city,
“giving it, in fact, a .shock, from which it
will never fully recover. It i», therefore, the
part of wisdom, to see that, in the m.*- order
of things, none of these stumbling-blocks be
left in the way.
When Lake Park was laid out railroads
were unknown, and the nark wouldsofyp the
city for a promenade. Ihe laud was given to
the State for a useful purpose, and tliis Lake
Park was set aside for the use of ijjocitv.
The whole State owns the canal, and the
whole State has an interest in tho lands that
were given to the State for the purpose of
making the canal. The city has not pm the
park to any use ;iu fact li /o udjm;um owners
claim it, as a sort of a riparian apekiLmo to
the property fronting iL
The railroads now present a now condition
of things, and this Mko Park is now de
manded for the ii-je »»f oonjmcree. The
country demands it, for it is the only route io
the heart of the city, and thus will save
valuable feme iu reaching it. It oilers ample
spage fur the making MPamJ unloading of
trams, without crossing streets. It presents
•hj many of vgluc both to the city and
Cl) ago fttiWSitt.
country, that it is matter of sunrise that it
h:iH not Wu put to use. It maj* be a Vmei.
tii°rh V l r ,ier t lie jity has an exclusive right
c ivi n',v Sl rw. r nf f .I>n>lM:rty. and to m
fo r must 1)C conceded
State for a speeilic
lurpoHc. fiiat the railroads should nnv a
reasonable compensation for it, there Vs' no
<lcmau,T(il' U bl hat 11 h IJ bc l’ ut ,hi ‘me is
by tvcry consideration of
lias'shSSi.®r w J>“Bnt of com to the East
thfS?., .i b '“5 sctivo, and nearly aU of
East ot •Restate, goes directly
defty Jr ata ce ar cliou»c charges, and
the to .Produce this change in
I V‘V, mr e of Ic-Jilc, AtTolono andMattoon
worth "a f^ r a ’’"“'‘f 1 lbB iu the car. is
frSr nd shelled 35 cents. The
stan T° le<l is 14 cents, connuis
2, diuf storage 2 cents, making it 51
5 “lie it brings 54 cents, leaving a mar
sent dealer of 3 cents. The same com
nt to Clncago would be as follows: Cora.
ccnf Xl f!o ..iti'eeiit. <i cents; commission. 1
cents—making a loss of l cent
l»?»«'o«i l 18 to added insurance and ware
house charges. At Toledo the seller pays six
y T 4 ?i t?r IBe H«loof the cronls sold
r -Toledo, as it is taken direct to all points
consumption. These things are a matter
of figures, and the| business men of Chicago
of U rivfnV° ft nothing isSui the w« S y
j n F cheap and ready access to the
SJ4I. e Pett* H lO natural outlet of the
products of not only this State but of tb»»
whole Northwest. Now is moSiSnnSltyto
fte'slmv'nn l been 1 081 on OCCOtlld of
the blow and expensive entrance to the citv.
t l |rec days stay in the city soon after tfio
lire gave me an opportunity to sec how the
i f^^ lm,ula V^ v 'r iuto the doomed
C 1,3, 3 "as properly distributed. It does not
seem possible to adopt a better plan than that
\t'HiS?t >erat,on 1° stcc l i l Pli«M the purpose.
ft i" as uot P°saible to throw off the
uoud of bummers and knaves of all kinds
and grades, that swarmed around the
churches and places of relief. There was n
wnSr° C n able >i d{ed people, who would uot
ork so long us they could be fed, but these
c c compelled to go work, and the
more dcservmgaml needv had an opportunit v
to be heard. From the headquarters of Mr.
ndbTs'wiSi ,ro K departments of
rtlttf, there is m stem and careful supervision
and only those for whom relief was intembSl
can now obtain it. Iho country can there
fore be assured that whatever is sent in the
way ofm.l will be. ,li ß
tar'ill'.T. o' ir ‘f “n«eiiil class of sufferers. or
f*r the general use. Ihe daily papers will
from time to time, keep us posted m regard i
to hedemamlKupon ourcharities.to which,
as in the post, there will Ikj a free response.
in* i l S ail( k °V vo i ~en and children might go
into the country for the winter. Bovs ami
K?im S t/ -10 V* I,r> ul d attend scliool,'aml do
wb b! towara Paying for their board;
while the mothers could assist about the
house, and at least do an amount of work
equal to their own demands. We could ex
pect nothing less than this, and all intelli
gent people would see it m tins light. Kar
men* wives have all that they can do; but
m this case will cheerfully give room
to these sufferers, if they will but
wait on themselves. We have an
Himndauee of food iu the country, and more
or Icm house-room, but not the extra labor to
take m boarders. There must be thousands
of girls thrown out of work for the winter.
Jinny.of them need schooling, and these
should go to the conutry for tho time being
here they could work for their hoard and
:!ii c Hsj o eood schools in
uf l u: The relief cauyassers 1
would do well to look after this matter, and 1
obtain passes for all those who have no
Homes.or employment, and send them ont till
such tune as there comes a demand for their i
tabor in tho city. Wo do not want men in
'VVi-, i°r we have more holp thaii rve hoed
at tins season; hut we can give place to those 1
wlionuist be supporleil for Iho want of work I
if willing to wan on themselves.
He shall have plenty of men travelling
through the country begging on account of
tho great lire: hut these may he set down ns
arrant dead-beats; for all able-bodied men
can obtain work in the city at high wages,
and. therefore, qcod i?at beg. Kqu-.o of tln»o
fellows have already put iu their appearance.
ltatAij.
THOSE ABSTRACT books.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sir Will you call theattentiou of the pub
lic to the following subject, which, of all
others, it seems to mo, is at the present time
the most important. Whilst our judges and
lawyers are very earnestly at work devising
ways and means by which the title to our
real estate n;ay again be perfected, and rec
ords thereof again bo made, wo" are all for
getting to secure to the public, and
in some way to perpetuate the same,
whatever there may have been saved
of the reliable abstracts of our land
titles. Do our people consider or reflect for
ono moment upon this all-huportapt subject T
An* we aware of the great necessity to every
resident of Cook County, especially to every
land owner therein, to have these abstracts
secured f Think for an instant of the loss of
these records, and what will be onr condi
tion if thev should ho destroyed f What
j evidence would there bo left to ns, of any
kind, by which we could establish our title
to one single twenty-five foot lot in our
whole city or county f
Mr. Editor, should such abstracts by any
unforeseen accident be destroyed, our condi
tion then would bo deplorable indeed. As
loiiK i.s ,ucl| abstracts :w wo have nhvava
heretofore relied on, it, a)I onr real estate
transactions, such as we have always had the
fullest eouhdeiiee in, whenever there has
been a sale of real estate; such abstracts as
Ghase Brothers C 0..” and “Slioriall
Hoard and others—xs long, we sav
as these abstract records are left, we have
some chance m the coming time to again es
tablish our records. Without them—we had
better not disguise the fact—our future will
be rather dark and hopeless. Overwhelmed,
ns we have been, by our great calamity, we
ha\e overlooked this all-important subject,
io-day there is not, there cannot i
be, any action so needed and so
important to the well-being of the
imure of Cook County, as the securing of
these abstract records. Our whole future, so i
far us any reliable or tangible deductive
j>root of reconi evidence is concerned, must
be based mi these abstract books.
if we are asked, what can bo done, or what
ought to be pur llrst movement in the busi
j ness, we only suggest here, so that others
may help or aid in the plan, or submit some
thing better—we suggest. Ist. Some immo
uiate actum of the Supervisors of Cook
SWtv or of tho Common Council of the
city or Chicago, epofauv body which mav
have the power bo to act/ That suidi h.alv
call a session at mice—appoint u suitable
ronmuttee to act in the premises at once;
the ituiyof Kuril committee to be to enter
into negotiations with the owners of am* set
of abstniet records which have been saved,
and which are the most reliable, and toxs
ceriam on wuat ierms S!p*h books can be pur
chased: and to take anv. mm all needed
steps, in secnnJ'tbe records, for the benellt of
.Look Coiiuty, pt as early a day xs possible,
i v u of records. hugfes. or abstracts
should lu> placed m a tire-proof vault, tujt
iun-pu/pf safe |\yc )jiv£ enough tire-probf
saxes for ono Jcsii: aiid siichijngjniil books
should be kept lu micii vault, only to hutakgn
therefrom forjhe purposes of being copied.
3d. ItesiKUirdblu copyists should be lured at
mice, to make at least ouc lull, acrnralc. ami
ropy of such books, coin’
i-rod bv the puldic. the
original being only accessible .py of
the courts, or on some like responsible partv'.
for refenuiee in ease of disputed title,
i "y, nrc asked, why make copy, if we
hate the. original, tho answer is'obvious.
f l °f such books would be worn out bv
ijsin a v vi y limifed nine, 2 hujl need
more than one copy before wo gef mir land
tales again on record. At anv and all events
vault onglnal books iu smuc safe, secure
These books are now private propcrtv, wo
well understand. but we have nolicsitancv
m say*n»* Iliat tbev can Ik* purchased at some
pi u}p. »Ve nave no know of the wishes
ot ibo proprietors in regaitj tq this prorertv,
hut we know they aro not flio men
to take adyautago of tlie present
coinutioa of things. Aside fi'om
i V* else, the first movement to be made
hytllO of Cook Countv. or the
I Common Council of the i-U/, **p the Legisla-
Illinois, or by some public kudv
iijhl Im* or may haVe ‘power therein,
js to seemy iV».orj}s f»»r public use. in
sonm way, in some imuiuer. at s<»uu' great or
small price.
o earnestly call the atui.non of the pub
lic to this movement. Don't let us flatter
ourselves that there is no need of hurrving
VP this- movement—thinfcinp these abstracts
OTf> all safe as they are. V,\* need onlv to
go through the old Court House building
ami relleel timt short time since we all
thought that safe. (Only we didn’t, nor it
wasn ta
Let ns rather reflect for one moment npon
the iiiinortance of this matter. Think, when
w without these hooks. Don’t let
any amblu.^'j«pd in the way. Don’t stop
and haggle about flu* wuj.* ajpj means, or the
I»nce. \>e liad hoped that alter the hume*
uiUtc wants of the suffering people had boon
provided for n**«~ tire, the securing of
these reconb VoW begii the pext
move. IJut.nswc abovfc’sitato, It been
forgotten already too long. We horn*, if the
suggestions herein contained tiro not feasi
ble, some one will snggest something hotter.
At any rate, let us do something. If we are
?jbout this subject, it is because
we ftM ns l f ;;port-mce. and we
fuuey the public of -Cutffe' Couuiy vi\l
feel and realize its importance if those books
are destroyed' or otherwise rendered iuac
t errible, f rjv «1 wenssimruud devising wavs
aml meftnfctrfhundvnewliuvri Hum*. and
public buildings, &c. Alt right, bm“what dstt
wnr onr Court House be to ‘ns without
records How tire we to levy and collect one
penny of taxation on those verv
CHICAGO, MONDAY,
1 lands throughout the whole County
ii C°°k' v Uk°m these records, wo may wt
all the hills in chancery passed the coming
session we apply for. All the chancery
courts on earth may hold their sessions iu
t.iVn ,J f 0 w,t i 1 and jurisdiction,
unul dooms-dny and. without those records
their work will he in vain.
of V^ ancc O’ cannot act wi thou t proof,
without eMdence. And where will this evi
<even u chancery) our
es m County come from except
from those very records! Unfortunately.
n 3C }liS f»mt« have become fashionable
onr. t Jna n J l tt V r l, i n e s* lt behooves
S?t»??/L al t0 V e .J°°fc Ul ls this subject square
in the face; and if we can’t do anythineas
wo would, let us do the best we cau. At anv
j‘'‘i’“} I .“V ell,s Jet this matter be attemle<l ti
before it is too late. E. W. Evans,
Chicago. Kov. i. Xo 130 Mudisou street.
THE PC TUBE OF CHICAGO.
Mr. Halstead, editor of the Cincinnati Com
mcrcial, paid a visit to what is left of our city.
ftn iv since, and has pulilished a
thoughtful letter upon our present situation,
the concluding portion of which is as follows:
houseT! at the business
in 1
makes Ifn
nlbS “fra?? 5 a? I th sidewalks, andouu'
streets ir- H„ a ia w a fi°hs crowd the I
S, Ibe bridges ale inadequate. When
lifffaL?. nf b U IS S h“K aside to admit the
]v?i^ a k, c °f l there is a procession
formed on each side, of those in not lnsr«»
i£nm fUa f°“ U dire The tunnels
h fjl mcessantly. The imiuifcata
tions of tho excellent and unbroken vitality
itlr n« mty, and of the unquenchable faith of
*5 tho f «turo that ahull bo filled
on all sf(fe“ dor satPassiug tho past, are plain
■,‘T h strong life of Chicago, oven now
111 ,er “Irocts, is testimony of the
snipnsiug growth of the Northwest. lut
a '“l fruitful plains of this section
there baa been, especially since tho beginning
sectional troubles. a wonderful c“ u
10D r Jti- e ut b would have gained a largo
share of this increase of population and pnS
penty tf it had not been for tho blight and
nuisance of slavery. Then tho war in which
lHllod i m do tI IO So,lth an unin-
v^i aud b nce «;ar it has been
S, fluxed ‘-'arpet-bapged, audscallawagged.
and made poor; while tho North
?tt 8t 01,K r tbu Btill waters and
fat pastures of a laud of freedom
and peace ami good will—crown rich
swat. Our Southern tS has
withered on our hands, while Chicago has
with the mighty
.>ortaw tat, and the teeming regions of which
she is tile nuttinil metropolis still own her
sway, and out of the imiiensitv of thdr ro
mSrM i ediliccs will ho rebuilt,
anti her faded prestige restored: not at a
bound, not at aflasu, not in a year* but
ainnom/w a,|ll v afu, r Painstaking toil
wclVd.me Th.! l^? thu r *i will bo at last
wen none, there is a prodigious gulf to’ fill
fertility la m* ita fresh
r hy l w-hose youthful
igor, so far from being daunted bv a <lw.
■'l' 11 1 w rothur streugtlicned to grapple with
pf!slic<L eliUrUnb,;B lXllllll lUu ,ask 0 accom-
A tnnltitnde of iahorers aud carnenters
“eari? B C "a S S
stmmuro. tt 1 r rt 1" ,U "18 up temporary
V,,?J. J UOb *V° dust was oppressive, and nil
uZ*W?' {cK X witil until white as millers
that th.! a r. pP ar to n i disinterested observer
work in nsthi S f *w disagreeable to
i e roin i»wt the rain of Tuesdnv
Laii Ino t.l* nn,t tne ram. but go ahead like
sqiaitu*. rain or shine; aud it was
aging to sec the work stop. General Stra
»*cFS motto of ‘never mind tho weather
when the wind don’t blow,* would not be
U,W Ca e tbe^wiu^isa
Chi?mn d M.,! IC ,T sl :llwrs Published in
blottcfl M, 1 ‘Jb’y wen;, without exception,
revived -.ml L bu dailies have been
|cvi\i.a, and are struggling alone nultlwii
■UK regularly hut imperfect^. T ik f nwsy
rViim*vvV 11 ,lru work "ig together, find t/If
twef iim u mcf l ,i"“ rmi,K !1U(1 IbcAiirsa/ an
Vi.« n, la V cl ~t !lt‘ y manage to get alone
/hat roof",'ll ,f olks k ?V l a Buckeye engine
fml that ih»A i c i '."“b'Hcry m the building,
ana iliac tucj rejoice over oxceedinelv Tln*i*
cvliu£wih,?n Ck f Kll^ah oneof its four
fni U T& *i l i u J e v nuuutes after start
ic three cylmders are kcptmovinc
and their capacity rim .lay and night. aidSi
h\ two or three joii presses, is the measure
I', Present c/rc.lati’on o thj'a.
pers—that is. tllev sell all thev
print. Hoe is nioumfullv slow iu turn
yl,ll now ju-oas. Tho question whv he
a C oll r-cyllmior or two on hand for
fSTSn*-» onc tll!U is 11 K°od deal lii
latui in Chicago nowspajKsr circles but T
snmiose that ho must bo allowed to answer
at ins discretion. Quo would think ho might
and a Im' nf r lU fr:lmM cast a «d finished,
ami a lot of r\ linders prepared; hut there
are mysteries in macliiijo shops and it is hard
irork 'ohmiy tho fitting oit of a pffutif g
straTelf Thlj'mS o f ro 11 a n0t o, dy domon
nronertv^ ‘be mllcstmctiluhty of newspaper
SfaaVflfP ,ho CTeat tclu tho gootl wall,
sura nes the eoufiagratioii of cities—but it
shows, as Jledill. of The Tribune Sv« i n ,l
I h ut? dewf I >ni 11 W ,w e slM;rk llce the abso
lute dependence of the press’ nnon its
The newspaper establiaiuiouts
Sit. Wt on y l ,M<l presses to be iu full
I,, a j' without tho most highly wrought
and costly machinery they are sadly crippled
ftnSi l n meD li u beyond the capacity
of puDlisheia to print them. Advertising is
essential to the* reorganization of the city
business men must tell where
they are to bo found m temporary quarters
amf advertisements are as indispensable to
!!f f U !£o 0 rdor °i llt .^l e confusion of business
interests as local items are to check the cir
panics 01 NV^nr Ul w Sto^ eS ail(1 pr Y^ut foolish
panics. ru.\or was tho ucceasitv tlmf ti )A
vh'ii^v P fim f r H V°i onß J&ilizej society so
i weJks in as h l i' mg the last three
I iSS'iii
VA."" rk ,/ifii 1 iissnme tlmt the world OWM
CV mimni I- °il 1 f l va PilH.iid i.nler of the
mu Iu uni n, Ciiicilgo, and wiunvi t Ir
11 u j 'u mlnehlef.
distiim/ioo 8 1 c anil <,o tt 'nt cilizens, without
ti.il.-II ’r f _l'-irly. have nnitetl upon a
lie Vh', U l ,lt Vi a l “unielpal oßicers. to
w.iilt m.V 1 ho 7 F h ins t- Ifi*-' ordinary
d.iril lu.uf,; 1 ui firttaordiWy plun-
I ItilJ 1 ,r ll e». are fiinoiw. and will make a
hat I hfll lf ll| i ,,y “bould micceed—
uni j ijtuexe there is no danger i*f that tin*
(hi. I fl!.? I,f ,bfc 'vf'nb'l ho defffriitef
M rfc. iT hl »»d it would be i
.Vr *.f l ,i! •“’oumulating disasters were too
great to l»o borne.
“liuel famine is not feared in Chicago.
1 hough monstrous heaps of coal were burned
and sonic are still burning, there is an amplJ
shiq.’v for the wants of the city, and more
comiUK every day l»y Unit iauu nud water,
i hey do not depend upon an Uncertain river
ami clap injunctions upon every railroad that
shows a sign of life in Chicago. As the om
4-; s on the W the hote] to the depot,
on 1 i|t,Mlay nighj. along the streets
through the buruj distriot,' here and there
was a.«lariiig hiH»i in a cellar, showing the
nuns in a fantastic light, the many-colored
!i™V°fii bur tI VF the loose bricks of
tin. fallen walls, telling where thriftv house
koepers had heaped their anthracite' fer the
winter; and the amplitude of their stores
w.«h attested by the burning for twentv-two
IIA v il/H.’’
EDUCATIONAL.
Bryant Chase’s
V
CHip.4j.Gfl
BIiSLMiSS I’OLLEtiE
di»T^*^ opt^’Ja 'r t, L at,on ler su.opension of a few
,at fire.l* U"w Id full opera
itsfnll fni^-Tr??] 3 j »*cooa-si. And IndianMV., with
““V "“P l accoimaatauons.
rtHfrtnp Jallvi An abundance Ot
«former price** M
i» Jst, for entire course, time unlim
”jtt. Bin Ifo sold Cunug November and December for
®bterlDff Chicago have depot*
*lrr^ r^ oml -L L not from the wUcce.
Vkicv* furnished at the college office.
ANT ,nualion L aU n P° a or address BRY
wjmv' corner Twcntj-.tfccond-sx, and Indi*
WILLOW WARD.
746 West Lake-st.
WILLIAM POTTLE,
Manufacturer of Willow Ware, Truck and
Hoisting Baskets.
**“**4® ow located at the above stand and is
mtetrtactortny Ms celfbriled Truck and smro Baskets
draalptt.n-of hrat-claM WlUow Ware at*
former prices. Shall be pleased to see ni v former pa
trona and as many new ones as possible.
NOVEMBER 6, 1871,
DRT GOODS.
J. B. SHAY,
243 245 WEST MADISON-ST,
THOMPSON BLOCK.
We have made extensive additions
to our stock the past week, and, on
MONDAY, Nov. 6, shall offer onr cus
tomers a COMPLETE ASSORT
MENT of
DRESS GOODS
SILKS,
hibbons, velvets, trimmings,
LADIES’ and GENTLEMENS HOS
IERY and UNDERWEAR, FLAN
NELS, TABLE DAMASKS, NAP
KINS, LINENS, WHITE GOODS,
GLOVES, CLOAKS, SHAWLS, SUITS,
CLOAKINGS, SUITINGS, &c., &c. &0.,
comprising the best-assorted stock of
M A 1 FANCY GOODI
To be found In Chicago, and at the
EOWEST PRICES,
To which we cordially invite in-
spection.
S. R. NICKERSON
ILL OPEX I -aAicK W o I pAY6 A FEESII
Dry Goods,
Hosiery,
Gloves,
Underwear,
Trimmings,
Notions,
WHOLESALE AXD RETAIL.
137 TWENTY-SECOND-ST
HAMLIN, HALE CO.
WHOLESALE,
31 33 South Canal-st.
RETAIL,
328 West Nladison-st.
CLOTHING.
ILEMENT,
MORTON CO,
WHOEESAEE
CLOTHING,
Michigan-av., corner Adams-st.
Twice within the past year we have
lost our entire stock by Are, but, tlmnv.
to such solid institutions as the Insurance
Company of North America, the Liver
pool London Globe, the North Brit
ish Mercantile, the Springfield F. M.,
and many others, WE ABE SaUAEE
TOON CUE FEET AGAIN.
_We ask neither discounts nor extensions
from our creditors, and nothing from our
debtors but prompt payment of bills at
maturity. We are now receiving a large
stock of Clothing &om the East, which
we offer our customers at cost and ex
penses, while accumulating stock of our
own make. Our MANUFACTURING
DEPARTMENT is already in operation,
and we will give employment to 360
workmen during the Winter. In our new
Store we have more room and better light
than heretofore. Owning the building,
we have nq reqt to pay, and will work
cheap qqrselves, doing our utmost toward
sustaining Chicago’s former reputation of
the Best and Cheapest Clothing Market
in the World.”
Uerehants of the West I Will yon bus
tain us with a liberal-share of your na
tronage?
HIT, MORTON CO.
Cor, of Mlchlgan-ar. and Adams-st.
A.&H. KOHN&CO.
WHOLESALE
CLOTHIERS,
ASD MANUFACTURERS,
ronucrlj- >t 3Com 11 and 13 Latc-st,, ntnr
No. 757 Wabash-av.,
N'car Slitcoott-at., with a Rood ,toct ol
Clpii, ciptl Tiimino,
lonirm. to «o
REAL ESTATE.
-VO TICE TO
Business Men
MANUFACTURERS.
I have 900 feet on Polk-at, treat at DMmlsinM. *n
feat on DeabbJnw, north of PtSEaV S
Mathck-st, Mt. Desplalnea and Haloted sta. Will aoii
an.r of the above, without any caah down, wd fmJul,
•omo njoopj- to build. a W. RAt^ox* 11411
Wwt Madlson-at.
THE SPECTATOR'
Removal.
ftP office? ot the SPECTATOR. Measr x J. Jl. c
}t. GmAmA f üb'jahcrj. tuyo Jimh repoVfa to Xa in
Madison-st. An extra nninber ol the SPECTATOR
wfllbolssued next wccf conulnlnf the fullest and
tsoa; reliable Information as to the standing and losses
ef Insurance Companies. Orders should be aent in at
once. All insurance publications on hantL Losses ad
justed.
INSURANCE.
initial
Insurance Company,
NEW YORK.
CASH CAPITAL AND ASSETS,
$1,400,000.
The special attention of property-own
ers is directed to the undoubted security
afforded them by this Company, which is
not surpassed by that of any Fire Insur
ance Company in thin or any other coun
try. Bisks accepted on all desirable haz
ards at fair rates. I respectfully invite
my customers and patrons to mil or send
to either of my offices, where prompt at
tention will be given to them.
South Side Office, 539 Wahash-av
West Side Office, 43 W. Washington-st.
THOMAS W. BLAYNEY, Agent
XO THK
MsrctalsiFropfiflfHoirs
OF CHICAGO.
•IMany of the Policies you mom- hold are en~
Wrr/y trorthleis and tee take this means of
informing you that tee ean hare the Policies
cancelled and trill ittne ,VR IP o,y£S .IT
R.MTHS, in the
AiVDES,
A.WAZOH,
brewers,
&TRIUIHPH
Insurance Companies
OF CUTCrPTNATI,
Whose Combined Assets are Over
$2,000,000.00.
The latt ttco bad no risks in the Great Fire,
and Ike P**yt dollar for dollar
E. E. RYAN CO.,
47 Sonth CanaUst., Chicago.
BRANCH OFFICE
WILIIAMSBURGH CITY
Fire Ids. Clift
Has toco rouovf.l from 231 iricldßanar., tuulla noir
permanently located at
No. 418 Wabash-av.
ft«Sm l< ifrinn.'n'tT> t n^ i 1 f 0 flml a authorized to
CTln r u- r.i fnr Bisunuire nt No. .TO South
t-uaton-Nt. We make mir own raioi. All ..f
properly Insured against 10->.i hy lire at current ratee.
Da I. Bonar, manager.
trS a wHLm A^Ti;.;re; rau i I r aTOl,ur
DAN. M. BOWMAR.
Important Notice.
NEW AMSTERDAM
Insurance Comp’y
OF NEW YORK.
.»«i ll^ crsonsha Y l,,crlalmf amUnsttho New Amstor
dam Insurance Company, of New York, fnr unsettled
uw.ii* are rwniesudto Ik l present at a meeting to Ik*
hilUat Non. 291 and *ia Mlchlgun-nv.. comer of El
erl l )?ri C U i rt ’i ni ~n "’ednewlay next, November
I'm c 'l fk n l“- wfl n Die officers of the Company
~s m kt I-™#-
It will be for the Intercut of all interested to attend.
NOTICE.
Tlio President of the Occidental Insurance Company,
of San Francisco, will be, on and after the 6th Inst:, at
2So. »10 West XJtmdolph-st.,
for the purpose of adjusting occasioned by the
great fire.
A. C. GREENER AUNT. Agent;.
HOME LIFE INSURANCE CD,
Of Xew York,
No. Fultoo-st.
JAS. M. STRYKER.
Connecticut Mutual Life.
of ,h company who have lost their noil.
Lo' d?» premiums arc now due. or about
uo, will please call at our ofllcu.
STEARNS. DICKINSON <t CO
General Agent. 379 Wabash-av.
ALL POLICY HOLDERS
r?fl L «^P. nblic n V n ,nania. Home, Fireman’s Garden
S£^^ n i im ,al Insurance dos,. of Clilcago. who
to caU
general notices.
WHISKEY,
BRANDY,
GIN,
Port& Sherry Wine,
Clanipape, Bliiiie Wine, Etc.
Imported goods sold either
frqin Stqre or out of the Cus
tom Bouse.
WOLF MICHAEL,
II 13 W. Mailsm-si,
TO CAPITALISTS,
OR
Owners of Heal Estate.
trim? 'Sr^'^SSSte ri u*,™? l ’“-'V rllh a lar R o
THE ALDINE.
present ad-
H- k NEWELL A CO..
Oen<ual Acents.
®3\\ abash-av.. Chicago.
-A- Card.
M 'a 1TK0 SICY -'rwraater, trom the
Mounting store, haa removed to 301 South Morganat.
Dresses made on short notice.
CHICAGO ASIT WAS;
and as it is.
KssttS/'p" 4 S-SKSIS
McAit s Eureka Shifts
KKkII; I c y t
numb:
SAFES
Great Fire!
Below will be found a list of
Prominent Business Bouses
who had our S,tPES in use
during the fire, and have
given voluntary testimony as
to their reliability. Original
signatures can be seen at our
office:
_ Chicago, Oct it. I*7l
HALL'S SAFE AND LCH*K CO.:
gcts; We the undesigned baring b.d y onr s„ M
taaae during the terrible hro of October sth and sth,
rrish to add our testimony the ite.dy high repntn.
Uon of your work.
mnrn DEXrKD KOR LONG tO.V
ny. t I NTKNSE nEAT, kla a Bnfflcientty
Igh compliment to pour Sle. tn M y they brought
Uie r content, t to GOOD cosmTIOS, n0(
rtthatandlng ,ho tact that In many ca,e, they lay
gating in the burning debit, tor over.weet A,
"Z hnvo been Wed and not tonnd wanting
taho pleaanro In recommending them to all oho may
ho In want otFlrc-rroot Sales.
(signed)
Keith Brothers.
J- W. Steams 4 Sons.
Wells, French A Co.
Massachusetts Life las. Co.
Olobo Mutual Ufa in*, co
S. N". Wilcox.
Asbnry Life Ins. Co.
M. p. Stone 4 Co.
Phelps, Dodge 4 Palmer.
Isaac G. LombanL
J. B. Mayo 4 Co.
A- Friable 4 Bon.
A. B. van Cott 4 Co.
J. M. Marshall.
T. A. McLelland.
Canoll Thome.
M. S. Benedict.
H. M. Staley 4 Co.
Deane 4 CahllL
A. E. Swift 4 Ca
Esroay, Simmons 4 Co
P. Gillespie.
3X. Kauflinan.
I* W. Beck.
A. O. Fay.
Chanipiia 4 Ropers.
Nelson 4 Carr.
Cone. Green 4 Co.
B. M. Fonl 4 Co.
Cavanah 4 Bodle.
D. 4 C. 11. Blakely.
James Irons.
J. F. Temple 4 Sons.
Wolcott 4 Favorite.
Conn Ton Brooke, OaiMngo Manfg Ca
John 11. Keyscr 4 Co.
D- W. c. Cregicr.
Chicago Water Wort, r.Kt'K)
R- H. Mason.
Harry DnvaL
0. S. Hubbard, Jr.
A. B. Wilcox 4 Co.
Scanlaa.
Millard 4 Decker.
A- Loeb 4 Bro.
Fred. S. Newell.
GtX). W. Wolto 4 Co.
Wallace 4 Henderson.
1. Livingston.
Murison 4 Erakine.
Wm. c. Grant
Wm. D. Kcrfoot 4 Co.
J. H. 4 C. M. GoodselL
Mauran, Wright 4 Co.
Knauerßros.j
S. s. Whitney 4 Sons.
T. A. Hay.
F. J. Bartels.
C'lios. Johnston.
Chas. Woodward.
J. L. James.
O. A. Springer.
Gus tin 4 Humphreys.
A. Booth.
E. D. Terry.
Foster, Lee 4 Co.
Clark 4 Abbott.
L. L. 4 W. N. Mills.
A. V. Willett.
Obeme. McDonald 4 Co.
B. F. Morphy 4 Co.
Land-Owner Publishing Co.
J. A. Chandler.
Sandmcyer 4 Klaason.
John Middleton 4 Son.
Carver Bros.
J. M. Wing 4 Co.
Abm. Marcus.
F. W. Savage 4 Sons.
Cooperative Medicine Co.
Fdsenthal 4 Kozminskt
Keystone Collar Co.
Jas. Cllmann.
Field. King 4 Co.
Moscback 4 Humphry.
Davenport 4 Van Dozer.
F. C. Crittenden.
Boynton 4 Noyes.
N. P. Bappleje.
J. M. Daggett
C. Walter Brown.
Wm. H. Ontby.
M. E. Pago 4 Co.
Wilson Bros.
Wadhams, Willard 4 Co.
Foster, Leo 4 Co.
J. V. Clarke 4 Co.
Chas. Jacobs.
Dennison 4 Co.
J. A. Fay 4 Co.
Clias, J. Fisher.
Thayer 4 Tobey Furniture Co.
Smith 4 Dexter.
Jones 4 Torrey.
General Agent.
We are daily receiving sh tp~
mi cats front our Factory at
Cincinnati, and tcill goon
have a large stock of SPIFFS
ready for delivery.
HALL’S
M sill lit Co.
66W.Madison-st.
CUNDTJRANGO.
CXJNDUB AN GO!
THE WONDERFUL REMEDY 1 FOR CANCER.
SYPHILIS. SCROFULA. ULCERS, AND
OTHER CHRONIC BLOOD
DISEASES.
a r KEENE, havinejust returned from Fma
dor mjd brought with him a quantity of the cenutnn
Cunc uranßO fcil w’imltlmjucl. l&omSkßs£S. e
meudation and assistance of HU Excellent
dent of Ecuador, and the Oovernmeiu of°tLt
l‘c, we are prepared to fill order* tur lVto a
tent, and atapnoe about <mr-quartrr of riV^t
SIS? ™r —SK'A* 1
a “I" Cm>-
with the cooperation of tbe amsnHfiM XI s< 7 nn l
province wheretho plant^Krow*f2 I S^?l? r .i A,Ja L tbe
ncl torour supply as to msiwth.eS^ t d u,e
ine .rtirlf .mm be .old bv'ti.. ihe,Rclm
th. MtonUon o( Urn puhlft. ,„f gg
BI nn‘VIS EE:VE CO-
As.gas,vaS^;aS.fc.
WSUaDMENTS.
j, Howard footje,
of 47 and o Dearborn-*!.)
:r 9i.
SATES.
HALL'S
W THE
Ccorv.]
XhcPhcuix was the: first Com
pany to pay a loss after the great
Ore, and the Adjusters of the Com-
L P r 11 nr ,10 engaged in pay
ing all of its losses as fast as ad
justed. Policies Issued on all
classes of hazards at fair rates.
R. S. CRITCHELL,
Special A g cnl for .he Norih.Tc.tcrn Stair..
Office 30 West Madiso^st.
Branch Office, 386 Wabash-av.
Pacific Insurance Co. of San
Pruncisco.
S Dr
rSS office of the ALLEitAHIA
IHBE raSTJEAHOE COMPANY, of Oleve
|™;P“ 10 1 k“» teen removed to 124 West
Washmgton-at. Parties having claim for
loss m said Company aro requested to call
immediately. Office open for business until
10 o’clock at night.
Are reaOy to receive application. for Inunrancc In too
[HA3TBCHO.BHEMEX EIRE IXSCRAXCE CO.,
tlio largest Fire In.nance Company reprerental a
the United States.
PARTIES SUSTAINING LOSS
Bremen’s Ins. Co.,
BOOTS MD SHOES,
Hare an entirely new stock or poods received since the
nro, and ore prepared to till orders os uauaL Would bo
pleased to receive orders from all our old customers
and any new ones.
Merchants’ National
Bank of Chicago,
*o. 235 Ifllchlgan-av.
BRANCH OFFICE,
3Q &32 S. Cannl-ct
SAFE AND PROFITABLE.
Northern Pacific 7-30 Gold Bonds.
most mnnlflceat donaUmro( bS 1 kr 8 r tu 'f^,.„ 'J; t,u
KbSfdM tho n,SS V Ucn
LDST, PKESTOX i KEAN, BANKERS.
C^SLfV^‘ ml om«.
$lOO,OOO
pnrJ^(hn fl iS?cmTOt. r0 S?, r t DU,rict
bctwl. «nd the It® In t!» t>Sh?hSSiS! st 1)5 ratoemu.
hhhd, no delay, V, P i
East WaaMpgtop^t.
m notice.
insurance.
Statement of Assets
tub
REPUBLIC
Life Insurance Company,
October 1, 1871.
CAPITAL STOCK.
Total Stock subscribed and
20 per cent tT9C.6bO
Total stock paid in WH9OO 20 per coat ns,wo
ASSETS.
Cash in Office and in Bant
Cash in hands of Local Treasurers..
Loans on Mortgages ot Beal Estate.
Loans on Collaterals
United States Bonds (matkw’^iel"
Connty. city, and Ollier Bonds and Stocks 47015.0*
BUIs recelraWe laJa
Real Estate (Interest In Compears Building)’ ar^aoo
Premium Loan Notes 15.n7.5s
Loans on Policies
Sundry accounts due frum agents and others. 21*74.73
Furniture. Futures, and Personal Property.. 17,437 05
Rents accrued
Prcmlnms due and in conns ot coUcction (ca
timated(
Premiums deferred (estimated)...
Interest accrued (estimated)
Due for stock Issued and m hands of Locjl
Treasurers not reported.,
Total Assets, October I, isn 4!^.9G0.m
Annual Premiums on Policies la force over.... |soo.ooo
JOUX V. FARWEIX. Prest.
A. W. KELLOGG, Vico Prcat,
PACL CORNELL, Vico Prest.
ORTtEX E. MOORE, Soc.
HOKE
INSURANCE COMPACT, of New York.
I ORGANIZED IA3.
HOWARD
INSURANCE COMPANY, of Now York.
ORGANIZED IS3.
CITIZENS’
INSURANCE COMPANY, of New York.
I ORGANIZED 1535.
LfW^SJ 0 P d bT Omtta
proper .d,„.a=..u
LiSr/k 0 0111, 11 kno,r ,1 rell Coms.nlM
I prored b 7 fire, continue to indemnify the people
Pollcle. taned by tbelr W«t Side Office. 30 aid ill
WabLT WmUm BUlr Wd. 00”
449 Wabaah ar., over Tint National Bank
I Adjuitlnj Office, <9l Wabash ar.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
iiitairr.".' of .‘V 1 Ag n j mhm u u.
«55?.« C1n,.0“ s
I SSSSfiSS?' d
ABTHDB 0. DUCAT.
IPHENIX
Insurance Company
Of Brooklyn, W. 7.
I Cask Assets, Oct. 1, $1,858,755.45
wet assets, after pay
ment of Chicago losses 1,500,000.00
NOTICE.
IGIBEIMH k i,
16 Worth Canol-st.,
Under Policies issued by the
Of New York, must make proofs at once.,
TREADWAY JEWELL,
3«- South Conal-St.
boots rnd shoes.
’ADLEY, YOE&CO.,
WHOLESALE
aoo micihgan-av.,
Corner of Van Uaren-st^
banking:
THE
FINANCIAL.
.$£0,23136
89.01140
23101100
101507.67
171.00Q.C0
47.000.
63.000.
20.000.
77,700.00