4
rtiwa of Snbeorlptien.
fiTUBLS DC 1DT4501
DUir Edition. per reer, Dr
WreeUr Edition. per
Bander EdlUon. per reer. W
weeUr Edition, per reer. Dr
rerte 01 eycer etlDe mre end el« root
To preventdeler endtnt*“* end ronolT.
,,j- draft, erpreee,
Bomlttenn* mer Do mod o ar riek.
port OBce onto, or In reKUtondlo l
„nv. TO u per treat
D e»r. delivered. cento per woes.
D.UT. delivered, COMPACT.
Addreee T y„ u Ce=elet-. Chlce«o. ID.
JIOXDAT. KOVEMUEK M. 1871.
fiENATOS WOODARD'S DHL.
A bill in r.toum lo laud titles in Cook
Count v has boon prepared by senator W ood
«nl ami 11. B. Hard, Esq., and introduced by
the former, which provides for tho appoint
ment bv the Governor of a commission, cou
sisti.ip of three persons, who shall proceed to
restore the lost records by the purchase of
maps and abstract books, ami by the pro
ciireinent of other evidence sa .sfaetory to
them or :i..y two of them, all of win Jl evi
dence, when completed, sha 1 he filed in the
ofiieo of the Recorder, provided that tho
price to be ]iaid for such maps and abstract
I«,„ks shall be Used by the Board of County
Commissioners.
Holding in view the fact that a record «>f
iitb'—evfUthe record that existed before the
lire—«loes not const unto title, but only serves
aa notice to subsequent purchasers—that the
record title is liable to be overturned by
any bettor evidence that may bo
ofl r oreil—there can bo no harm, in a legal
point of view, in having a commission ap
pointed to restore the records so far as they
can re.-tore them. It is to he feaml that
multitudes of persons would construe tho
appointment of a commission with these
ptnM i- as a signal for a general re-establish
mmi ot instead of rmmK and hence
pour in upon them a mass of testimony, oral
and written, which they could not unravel
ami reduce to order in the spaeo of their
natural lUee. Indeed, hardly any owner
would allow such a record to be made up
and tiled without seeing to it that his title
was faithfully set ..out.
ISat ihe bill goes farther than this. It pro
vide.- that whom he Commissioners shall have
m.ub- up tluir record they shall deliver to
each claimant, upon his own affidavit,
a eertifiiate of his title as they
timl it. and that such eerriticate
shall be evidence of the facts stated in all
c«nvt> and, places. In other words, those
Commissioners are to male lUk— make
it where if exists, and where it don’t exist.
It is needless to say that the Commissioners
can make title neither in the one case nor in
the other. If A owns a lot, they cannot
make him own it any more than he does now
if he does not own it. they cannot confer
title upon him. They might as well attempt
to produce moonshine in a dark night.
There is no objection to put ting upon record
a set rf abstract books/or M»trh o- thru
irrrih. The Legislature cannot make them
worth any more than that if they try. To
attempt to make titles by them, or by mdaiis
of a commission incubating upon them,
is a futile undertaking, and all the money
sprat in that direction will be wasted.
HE3YCTIOH OF TAXES.
Tin-re 5- such a general demand from
pniisof the country fora reduction’of taxes,
that it improbable Congress will make some
ebanyes, during the approaching session, in
wl.a; has become themost oppressive system
of taxation ever known in this country
There is a great diversity of opinion as to tin
(let:,:!.-, of tin* required reform. The Ameri
can eaipet manufacturers who import the
wind they use nt the low duty of three cents
per pound, arc, perfectly willing to make that
kind of wool free.but theyareopposedtoauy
reduction in the lax on carpets. The luann-
factnrers of blankets nve likewise willing to
accept free wool, but they hold that tho pub
lic credit depends upon maintaining a tax of
I(V* per c«*m on blankets, from which the
government does not, receive om* dollar of
revenue. Onr present tarifflsnot constructed
upon the principle, of collecting public
revenue but is framed upon the policy of
taxing the greatest number of articles at tho
highest possible rate, BO as to produce t’
least revenue -'‘.a ♦W greatest ml vantage
Hpormt dosses and interests.
It is said that the .Secretary of the Treas
ury has so far progressed iu his ideas, that
ho will recommend in his annual report
repeal of the duties on coal and lumber, ai
a reduction of the dnt3* on salt. Even for
these ravel's. Ho* country will be grateful.
Tin* animal revenue from salt, lumber, am
coal. doi*s not e\<-. .*d live millions of dollars
but tin* tax paid on these articles by the pco
pie amounts, probably, to live times tlm
Biim. The difference between the tax paid
l»v the consumers, and the sum received I*3"
tin* government, will bo the measure
of relief afforded by the changes
recommended by tho Secretary
This reform might be extended to tin
greater pan of the long list of articles taxi
hy the taritf. and, in many instances, wi
more striking benetit than eoal, iumber at
flail, and there is no reason but private greei
and invincible obstinacy which prevents th
rednetbra. We import m» pig iron,
what is necessary to meet the demand in
rxees> ef the domestic product‘urn. The tax,
therefore, is not for revenue, bm for the ben-
clil of the producers at borne, who reeei v
nineteen-twentieths of that tax. I'ig iron i
as much a raw material as eoal. or lumber,
or salt, or IVntvian bark. Why the country
should be taxed twenty millions of dollars
annually on this raw material in excess of
what is received by the Treasury lias never
been answered. It stands precisely uu the
same fooling as eoal and lumber.
jl is remarkable how strenuously the cham
pions of a tax on coal. ‘salt. lumber, pig iron,
quinine, blankets, and carpets demand the
repeal of the tax on tea and coflee. It is said
that these an; necessaries of life, and this
opinion is maintained hy statesmen who in-
Hist upon taxing the; shirts, shawls, coats,
hosiery, and hats of the people. According
to these men. tea and coffee am necessaries,
but overcoats a luxury; and they tell ns that
it is merciful to relieve the people of a tax
of cents a head per annum «n eolVee.aml,
at the same time, extort from them two or
three dollars a head on their clothing. The
h‘*<-rct of this inconsistency, of course, is
well understood. The cents of tax on
coflee is all paid into the Treasury; the two
or three dollars of tax on clothing is divided
mainly among private corporations.
Thom are occasions, however, when the
most inveterate politicians and Hellish legis
lators are brought face to face with the
pimple on the eve of a general electioi
IHCS Congress was forced, through its fears, to
aboli.-h taxes, which, the previous year, hail
yielded §170.000,000. The government suffer
ed no loss of revenue, but the relief to tho
people was none the less. There is another
general election ut bund, livery Representa
tive in Congress will have to vote directly
upon the question of reducing taxation he
fore the day of election. There is no escaping
the responsibility. The people are far more
interested in the question of taxation, than
they are In the political fortunes of any
member of Congress or any candidate for
the Presidency. The Democratic party
having ceased to be a power in the land, has
ceased to bo dangerous. It no longer so
threatens the public, safety as to compel tho
people to elect any Republican to Congress
who can corruptly, or otherwise, obtain
a nomination. There is a wholesome change
in public sentiment. Party allegiance, in the
absence of a common enemy, docs not re
quire Republicans to vote for a faithless, ig
nonmt or corrupt Republican for Congress,
where another Republican who respects and
will represent the public interest can bo
found to take the place. If Republican mem
hen of Congress refuse to reduce taxation
which produces no revenue, but oppresses
tho people and consumes their earnings, then
it is likely, indeed it is certain, that tho peo
ple will find other Republicans to take the
place of the unfaithful Representatives.
What the country demands of Congress is:
1. The simplification of tho internal reve
nue laws, so as to limit the taxation to
spirits, tobacco, and fermented liquors and
stomps, and n few other imposts, in such a
manner as to reduce tho costly forco employ
ed to collect the revenue.
2. A reform in the tariff which shall ro-
dace the number of articles (axed to those
Ulrich jiolda the largest proportion of rev
enue, and thereby relieve the people- of
taxes 'which yields bat a small amount of
revenue in proportion to the burden which
they impose on the people.
8. The redaction of expenditures by the
immediate reduction of the number of gov*
emmeut officers to an efficient force of com
petent persons; and the abandonment of
every description of subsidy or other bounty
to corporations or others, for private proiit
and benefit. These things may, if fairly and
honestly cjoried out, approximate to the fol
lowing result:
4il»
Reduction of expenditure.
Reduction of tax
Total 1i00.000.000
and this without any such diminution of
revenue aa will embarrass the govern
ment, or weaken the public credit.
TEE QUANDARY OF TEE DEMOCRATS.
Tho Democratic leaders seem to bo work
ing earnestly to rally their party around
such candidates and platforms as will save
to them the few chances remaining for
making a respectable stand in tho Presiden
tial canvass of next year. Candidates arc not
wanting, and these are, almost without ex
ception, of the conservative type—Judge
Thurman and Thos. A. Hendricks being tho
most radical Democrats thought of, and
neither of them having what may ho called
the ghost of a ebanco for a nomination.
The New York Express enumerates,
as tho list of really prominent
candidates. General Hancock, of Pennsylva
nia: Senator Thurman, of Ohio; Chief Jus
tice Chase, of Ohio; Governor Parker, of Now
Jersey; ex-GovcmorEnglish, of Connecticut;
ex-GoveruorThos. A. Hendricks,of Indiana;
Thomas A. Scott, of Pennsylvania; Judge
Davis, of Illinois and Governor Brown, of
Missouri; and. in its leader proposing a
•‘policy” for the party, there are nodis-
tinctivcly Democratic ideas enumerated.
The New York World, also, urges its fellow-
Democrats to “take the world as wo find it,”
and make the best of what cannot ha alter
ed. It argues that at least one-fifth of the
Republican party will vote against Grant,
aud in favor of any opposing candidate of
pood antecedents and tkcknowlcdped ability.
Toealchthese.it counsels a concession of
nemo sulVrage, specie payments, and
the righteousness of the .late
war: adding. with regard to tho
disallceted Republicans, 44 if wo concede this
much, wc may bo certain of their co-opera
tion. If they bolt the Grant nomination
ami run a third candidate, wo shall profit by
the Republican split but, if they do not
make an organized bolt, they will come over
tons individually and vote for our ticket.
Wc may, of course, render this impossible, as
wodid in IST£, by an absurd platform aud
indiscieet nominal ions. 15ut a burnt child
must hi* a horn idiot if he docs not after
ward dread the lire.’*
ll is evident that these appeals from New
York wen* a portion of the movement there
In progress for the reform of the Democratic
pally. It is unfortunate for the praise
worthy elVort to improve the char
acter of the party that the name
of that party is, in the public
apprehension, stained with disloyalty.
Democracy is of itself an excellent word,
but it has been so dishonored in this country
that m> party cun succeed whiih bears that
name upon its banners within tho next
quarter of a century at least—always sup
posing that there is a party in opposition,
whose record is, on the whole, better than
that of the Democratic party.
To name the party which Mr. fc Tihleu, the
MbrW.aud other leaders arc trying to organ
ize. Democracy, would be to brand it with
dishonor at the point of its new departure:
and to name it Reformed would
bo to advertise to the world that it had
boon wrong all the while, ami hence that its
opponent, the Republican party, had been
right. Heitor disband the organization. and
let it go to the dogs by a shorter cut.
'XHE WAR AGAINST THISTLES.
The action of the State Legislature in of
ticially recognizing Canada thistles, on the
very first day of the session, is not so unim-
portant as would appear at first blush. In
LaSalle Comity alone there are two thou
sand acres of these noxious purple-headed
weeds, and the flight of their win god seeds
this full will probably still further extend
their area next year, and choke out all useful
vegetation. The bill otlercd by Mr. Whiting
provides for tho appointment of a Canada
Thistle Commissioner in each town, whoso
business it shall be to extirpate them in the
mails, and. when he duds them growing upon
any person’s land, to place the infected spot
in quarantine immediately, and devise meas
ure*, to prevent the spread of this botanical
Kn-K!nx. It is a matter of very serious mo
ment to onr farmers, ami may in
volve thousands, even millions, of dollars
if the thistle is allowed to go ou sowing it
self unchecked. Nothing useful can grow in
its vicinity. It is tough, hardy, obsti
nate, and. like all other nuisances.prolific.
It thrives just ns well in an extreme drought
as in n rainy season. It will grow on a rock,
or <mi a pile of ashes. just as prolilicnlly as in
the best of prairie loam. It is wind-proof,
storm-proof, sun-proof, hoc-proof, everything
but li re-proof, with a blossom capable of
sowing an acre, and a root that is a litllo
harder than cast steel. Men do not gather
tigs from it now. any more than in Scripture
times; ami asses, of the four-legged kind, are
not plenty enough in Illinois to keep the
crop down. We have serious doubts whether
tlie thistle can oven be made to sueeumb to
a statute of Illinois, regularly framed and
signed by the Executive. In any event,
"(s do not envy’ the Commissioner
whose linos are cast where thistles are plen
tiful. His lot will be as thorny as that of
Theophilns Thistle, the successful thistle
sifter. whose mishap it has perplexed so many
school-boys to pronounce. The thistle, like
“Old Virginity,’’ ne v er tires. While the
Commissioner sleeps, it propagates. It builds
itself up in a night, like Jonah’s gourd. It is
as delimit as its transatlantic friend, the
Scotch thistle, and iwli »ic lang§rc is the
threatening menace of every loaf, it must
he extirpated, root and branch, and the Can
ada Thistle Commissioner, who voluntarily
undertakes to do this at three dollars per
day, and succeeds, will combine courage and
industry in a manner never known before,
and will deserve to wear the title of the
Father of his District.
Canada has always had the advantage of
us in matters of reciprocity. We have wait
her our Fenians she has returned us her
thistles, and wo arc the losers by the ex
change. Out Fenians went over the lino of
Her Majesty's dominions and came back
again. Their thistles came over the lino into
our dominions nnd have stayed, and have
multiplied, and the royal purple of Her
Majesty's typical weed does not please ns
any more than the Celtic preen of our F*-
nian marauders suited them.
Rut there is a gleam of hope even in tho
midst of this stormy trouble which is beset
tins onr fanners. If wo cannot gather tigs
from thistles, a Canadian genius has discov
ered a method of extracting whiskey from
them, said to bo excellent in quality
and fully as conducive to intoxica
tion as that extracted from
rye or com. Thus, at last, there is a pros
pect of utilizing the thistle, and it need no
longer take its place in the category of deas,
mosquitoes, stove-pipe hats, chignons, and
other articles, the reason for the existence
of which has always boon a mystery. The
thistle can now help to support tho govern
ment in the shape of revenue* In tho mean
time, tho prospective uses to which thistles
may be devoted need not interfere with the
operation of n bill like that proposed by Mr,
Whiting. Kvcn with tho most vigorous of
thistle-killing Commissioners in cveryvillago
of tho State, there will always bo a good
I supply attainable for distillation, and whis-
I key-drinkers who have been promising them-
I selves anew sensation need not despair. It
will bo welcome news to farmers in every
section of the State that an effort is to bo
made to root out this Canadian abomination,
which, if left unheeded, will soon ruin both
vegetation and soil.
From all accounts, the steamer now at the
Now York Quarantine furnishes, iu her treat
ment of passengers ami. her management
generally, an excellent subject of investiga
tion in the admiralty courts, ami in Congress
also. This is tho vessel which not only
brought the cholera into Now York harbor,
but generated it on the high seas by the
filthy water ami lack of provisions furnished
to passengers. It is also stated that thv
steamer was so Inadequately furnished with
fuel that the trunks of the steerage passen
gers had to ho burned in the furnaces in
order to bring the vessel into port.
There has been considerable ado mado in
Congress, from year to year, over the subject
of the treatment of immigrant vessels, and
laws and international conventions have
been mado for the purpose of correcting the
abuses which have hitherto existed. If
some of them do not provide suitable pun
ishment for the owners, Captain, or other
responsible parties connected with this
steamer, they have been devised to very lit
tle purpose.
.9 40.000.000
150.0D0.000
FEES OF TUB RECORDER.
To the Editor of The Chicago Trxbune
In your issue of yesterday you make a coven
attack upon tbe present Circuit Clerk hy advis
ing that n law shall be passed whereby ho shall
he deprived of the legitimate fees of hisollicc.
The people of this counts*, 'who remember your
treatment of Mr. Cassette, Just prior to his nom
ination to tbe position be now holds, can easily
understand the animus of your article. The la
bor which Mr. Cassette Is required to perform in
re-recording deeds, Ac., the people are willing to
pay for, and at the sumo time are gratified at
having an opportunity of doing something
financially for the man who defended his country
on the hattlc-flcld. I trust the Legislature will
not attempt to tinker with the olliec of the Circuit
Clerk. Justice.
Answer. Wo bnvo made no attack, covert
or otherwise, upon tho Clerk of tho Circuit
Court. Wo have suggested, and wo now re
pent the suggestion, that a great public ca
lamity should not ho made t ho occasion of lay
ing an additional burden upon the owners of
real estate. Tho Recorder of Deeds Ims lost
nothing by the fire, wo believe, except
thc records. The burning of these has caused
the owners of land and lots, who had onco
paid full prices for recording their instru
ments, to have them again recorded. Wo
submit that this second recording should bo
douo at cost, aud nut at a profit to tho Re
corder. If any member of the Legislature
from this county wants to take tho responsi
bility of voting against such a measure, the
people would like to sec his name in print.
Commodore Maury proposes to make him
self much more useful to the -world (if the
world will let him) than lie has been during
the past ten years. Ho proposes, to-wit, to
organize an international system of crop re
porting, in connection with the Weather Si
gnal Service already in operation in this conn
tiy. The reports which the world has been
able thus far to obtain have, ho shows, been
of the most desultory and imperfect eharac
ter. besides being usually made up in the in
terest of buyers. These reports, therefore,
so far as they have been relied upon
at ail, have operated to depreciate
the price of produce as it goes out of the pro
ducers hands, and bring about a marked
rise while it is in the bauds of the middle
man. A thoroughly-organized service for re
porting precisely the true state of tlm erops
in all countries and at all stages of toe sea
son would, the Commodore thinks,keep pro
ducers so well informed that they would get
•..lie full price for their crops, and be no more
subject to Hu* wiles of the speculators.
The germ of Maury's plan lies in the pres
ent "Weather Signal Service, and sit‘the Agri
cultural lluxeau’s rather slow reports of the
acreage and condition of crops in the touted
Slates. To make a system complete and use
ful, the reports of the Rnrcan should bo ex
panded and reported by telegraph through
the Weather Signal establishment, especial
ly during the last few weeks of each season.
There is no need of any international system,
further than an arrangement for exchanges
of reports with England, France, and Russia
of the summaries of each country’s reports.
Such a system as this could doubtless bo
organized, and there Is no doubt chat it
could be made to resnh. in much good, pro
vided the faithf nluess tho officers in
charge of reports could be guaranteed
against the blandishments and gold of tho
speculators.
General Sherman goes to Europe. a.*»bo in
forms an interviewer, to tloat about and«n
joy himself.” He wishes it to be distinctly
understood that he does not go to study Von
Moltke’e campaigns, of which, ho thinks, we
have heard quire enough already. "Stitt
stock Generalship,” as Tecumseh styles that
of the. European armies, will not do for
this country, he says. Prussia has a good
army, but the General has no doubt
that our boys could whip them out and out
in a fair tight. Nevertheless, ho did not
yield to the temptation ottered by the inter
viewer to vaunt the March to the .Sea, which,
ho says, was absurdly easy from beginning
to cud.” and has been greatly overrated by
tbe. American people. Tho General says ho
has no letters of introduction to anybody in
Europe but we trust that he will uot fail
to exhibit himself fairly to the Kings and
people of the countries through which he
travels. II«* is as good a specimen of the
Yankee as we have ever sent over to those
countries, and we all count on his making
a good impression.
The Dnnleith anti Dubuque I! ridge Com
pany constructed a railroad bridge over the
River, and ilio city of Dubuque
levied taxes on the property. The bridge
company applied for aninjuction to restrain
the collection of the tax, on the ground
that the act of the Legislature pro
viding for a tax of 1 per rent on
the gross earnings of railroads exempted
them from municipal taxation under
the terms: “The tax herein provided for
shall he in lieu of all taxes for any ami all
pnrpeseson the road bed, track, rolling slock,
and necessary buildings for operating the
road.***
The Supreme Court of the State of lowa.
upon appeal, has decided that the tax of 1
per cent was in Hen only of all other taxes
levied for Slate and count y purposes, and did
not exempt the railroads from taxation for
city purposes.
Hr. Payne of Hollow Square, Halo County.
Ala., contributed to the Chicago relief fund
In Confederate money, possibly as an
otlfctt totbe of tiro same currency contributed
by Tiik Chicago TuinrxK Association to the
Maryland Ladies* Society for the Relief of Con
federate Orphans and Widows, which donation
was accompanied hy an offensive note. —.Ycic Or
hxitis Jicnyuuf.
The foregoing statement, so far as it re
lates to Tiik Chicago Tuibuxk, is a sense
less lie. We believe it did not originate
with the New Orleans Pienyuup, but wc
should Ik* glad to have that paper make the
proper correction.
Diphtheria prevails in Knoxville.
—A man working for a Madison County farmer
suddenly disappeared on the Ist of October last,
ami was not seen again until last week, when be
was discovered banging tu Ihe busby top of a tree
n short distance from the house, where tho thick
ness of the foliage had prevented his being dis
covered sooner. The Coroner returned u venlict
of suicldo. The unfortunate man's name was
Adam Wend el.
—On Wednesday last. Lawrence Purdy and
Fannie! Klekelsun, two of the parties charged
with the murder of the Swede at Hell’s Half Acre
last July, were taken to Havana on a writ of ha*
bra* corjnif* to In' examined before Judge Turner,
with a view to lieing allowed their liberty or giv
ingbail. After hearing the evidence Judge Tur
ner admit fed both prisoners to bail. Lawrence
Purdy to give bonds in ?5,000, and Samuel Nlckcl
eon m *3.000.
—Mr. Adam 11. Wackor, of Pittsfield. was
thrown from bis wagon on tho 15th and killed, a
load of sewing machines falling upon him.
—The Hon. Thomas Mitchell, of Mltchclville.
has endowed a now seminary, to go into operation
ut that place'next year, with t20,e00 worth of
laud.
—Mr. T. K. Waite, the well-known cheese man
ufacturer of PeKslb County, was drowned in a
cistern on Monday, the JSth Inst.
—Mr. Nicholas Smith, a Ureman on a freight
train, fell from the train near Bloomington on
tho 16th. brokohis arm, and was obliged to spend
tho night In a corn-shock before aid came.
—Miss Alta M. HnJorts, of Rockford, tho young
lady whom the Supreme Court recently refused
to Admit to the practice of tho law, is about to
start on a lecture tour and tell the people how she
regards tho refusal.
—The flouring mill of Smith A Smith, at Rook
Fall*, burned on the ICth. Loss, gk‘,ooo.
—Mr. Blanchard, who built the first house in
the city of Peoria, and the first boat that crossed
Peoria Lake, is 74 years of age. but In good pres
ervation, and got married a few days ago.
The Clinton folks heard the Rev. Mr. Trueedell
preach, nnd then gave 11,000 to aid Methodist
churches in Chicago.
Crawford, Recorder of Pottawattamie
County, died cn Tuesday last.
—lud'uquo had a sensation, on the 16th, la a
marriage between a colored man, named John
THB CHICAGO TBEBtTNE: MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20. 18Ti;
THE KOETHWESTi
IM.IXOIS.
lowx.
Hurl,,-a ilecptng-ear jwrWt.-tma roun* Om
man girl.
—A hunter at New Hampton shot a white prai
rie chicken tbe other day.
—Tbe presence of small-pox in Dubuque la at
tributed to dirty Indians thereabouts.
—General C. M. Dodge Is President of the Conn
ell Bluffs Manufacturing Association.
—The Dubuque breach of promise case, Cath
arine Miller rs. Matthew Hayes, bos resulted in a
verdict of 95,545 for tho plaintiff.
WISCONSIN.
La Crosse is to have a lio.ooo school house.
—Tho Green Bay Ad rotate says the business of
manufacturing staves la becoming one of the moat
Important In that county. As tbe pine timber Is
being cut off. tho oak Is lK?ing brought into more
general notice, and is now, In fact, the principal
reliance ot the country.
—At a recent meeting of the Milwaukee Relief
Committee, Captain Langworthy stated that the
examinations of tho burnt region have brought
out the fact that not lees than twelve hundred
persons met a fiery death through that terrible
catastrophe,a greatmajorlty of whom were black
ened and disfigured beyond recognition, while
others, even to their bones, were calcined to
powder.
—While out walking, tho other day, Mr. Nicho
las Itnys, of Osceola, dropped dead. lie was
found soon after his death. It is supposed heart
disease curried him off. lie was over 50 years of
age. and it was generally supposed that he was
n excellent health.
—The West Bend Democrat says: Quito an in
teresting law-suit Is now pending before. Wm.
Johnson, Esq. The Lutheran minister at Schlela
iugervillc was forcibly ejected from his church,
several Sundays ago, by quite a number of the
members of his congregation, who, as they say,
do not want his services any longer. The minis
ter has brought suit against some twenty persons
connected with tho affair, and Is determined to
see the thing through.*”
—The people of Markcsan felt jubilant over tho
election of A. Nichols ns Assemblyman, says tho
Berlin Journal. They celebrated by firing the
big gun (an iron ring between two anvils): tho gun
burst, sending one part of it through the kitchen
of the hotel, makiug on ugly-looking hole, but,
luckily do log no very serious damage. Another
piece Just missed tho head of A. W. Sweet, mer
chant, who was walking with his wife on another
street at the time.
DfULAXA.
South Bend Is to have a brass foundry.
—Mishawaka wants to be chartered as a city.
—The case or Moses Davis, tried, convicted, and
sentenced to be hung for the murder, in Clinton
County.of his step-son, respited by the Governor,
and grunted a new trial by tho Supreme Court, is
set for bearing ut the March term of theßoouo
Circuit Court.
—Bight converts were baptized in th« river at
Bvausvlie, recently, by Elder McFarland, of the
Colored Baptist Church. One of tho converts,
not content with one immersion, made frantic
efforts to get nn extra share, and the Elder had to
get assistance to take him ashore.
—Mr. John D. Deiterlle, of Mt. Vernon, has a
pear tree that bore a second growth this year.
The second crop la nearly us full as the lirst, and
the fruit nearly as large, and will be ripe m n
couple of weeks.
—Richard H.Eldrldge, one of the oldest citizens
of Lafayette. died on the l."th Inst
—James Steele, of Evansville, convicte-1 of may
hem, has been pardoned by Governor Biker.
—lncendiaries at Vincennes have made several
itumpls vcvently to tiro buildings in the busi
ness part of the town
—.V laifayctto physician, who thinks it eon
truly to the “code of ethics" to advertise his
i»iiMJie?s. carries an umbrella with his name aud
tlie location of hlsofllco painted in larjs white
lettus extending around the whole circum
ference.
—Mr. Moses Cuits, and old and well-known
Harrison County farmer, commuted Riiieide on
the loth, by hanging himself. He was partially
d« ranged.
—On Sunday night, the 12th Inst., incendiaries
set lire to the stone mill of Thomas N, Braxton,
mar Pauli, Orange County, and the mill was en
tirely destroyed before the flames could be ex
tinguished. Tho loss to Mr. Braxton ia fully
ts.oco.
—A family named Houck, in Indianapolis, were
taken very sick Inst Tuesday evening, after eat
ing a hearty supper, winding up with mince pies.
The pies were made from prepared mince meat,
Into which poison was accidentally mixed.
—The Rev. E. B. Thompson, a former pastor of
the Presbyterian Church, now’ settled at Piqua,
Ohio, was married last week to u daughter ot Hr.
Tuttle, Picsidonl of Wabash College,
MINNESOTA.
The Spiritualists claim 3,500 believers in Minne
sota.
—An employe on one of the Winona steamers
flying between Stilwater and Wiuuaa, bringing
RP wheat, fell .overboard last Friday evening,
wbilo iv bout was lying near the elevator. The
engine wae “escaping” steam at the time, and
tho accident wa* not observed until 100 late- The
deceased was a Scandinavian named Aaron
Swanson, and hailed t»-, m City.
—XL S. Russell, a Puhiti* banker, wa« thrown
from a train in that city recently, and in the fall
managed to tear the ligaments from his elbow,
thereby breaking nj* a stiffness of tho elbow
joint, which had prevented him from having tho
use of his left arm for twenty years.
—Harvey 1). McGregor, convicted of forgery in
Bt. Raul In October, lßf.B—signing J. It. Richter's
name to an express receipt—and sentenced to
live years* imprisonment in the rcnlteutliry.wa*
on Tuesday grunted n full pardon by t>.e Gov
ernor.
—'The new Farmers’ and Mechanics* Uanlc In
Bt. I’onl has commenced business.
—A jeweller of Alexandria, named Jilm Pat
rick*. was furnished si ring with three clrysolitc
*tones, to repair. Shortly sifter the owner hud
received his ring ho discovered that Patricks
hndbeen practising a little heathen Cbuec.” be
taking out the stones and substituting paste. For
this Mr. Patricks was arrested, tried, undftued
sl.* smd cost#, amounting to fcto more.
—The towns of Belmont, Dehifield, Enterprise.
Minnesota, Round Bake smd Nelmer, Ja-ksou
County, did not cast si single Democratic vine for
Governor. while Christiana east one only.
—A keen rogue Is travelling about the country
having in possession forged drafts of the banking
house ofpl. Wilson A' Co., ol Furlhault. and i* re
ported to have made already—ant not
ennplit yet. He has operated in Arkansas, Indi
ana, Kentucky, Washington City, audjolher pUces
He proeiircd lithographic bank drafts iu Now
i ork ehy with which to operate.
KANSAS.
Wnubnnsec County has thirty-two orgaaUed
school districts.
—The tKuly of a man. whose name appears to
have been Melnncthon Toman, formerly of Hod
man. Jefferson County. New York, was foo&d on
the right bank of the Kansas River, on Saturlay.
November 4. about four miles below Wamego,by
M. B. Siebcrt. Near the body was found a small
boat, a gun, several steel traps, and necessar.es
for camping.
l The editor of the Ottawa Uerahl Is Informed
that a little daughter of Mr. Hazelton, who re
sides near Ottawa, while playing In the upper
•dory of that gentleman's bouse, accidentally fell
through a hole In the tloor, and striking with her
head In a pot of hot water, standing on the store
beneath, was so terribly scalded that, after linger
ing several days and sufloring intensely, she
died.
—The Atchison Champion of the 14th giresau
account of a desperate encounter between tao
police of Atchison and a negro named Leon a id.
Mr. Marlin Thompson dropped *PX> in currency,
in an envelope, on the stairs at tho Trcmoct
House. The negro, Leonard, picked it up. About
s or 9 o'clock in the evening Leonard was arrested
by Marshal Weber and Policeman Shoplar. A® he.
was walking along the street with
the officers he threw a pocket
book on the ground. Policeman Shop
lar stooped down to pick it up, the negro struck
him u terrible blow, and a conflict ensued iu which
the negro knocked the Marshal down twice, and
was severely beaten with a slnng-shot. Ho final
ly broke away and was chased all over town, the
officers firing at him repeatedly. lie was at last
captured, and it was found that not a shot had
struck him.
—The Winfield Censor learns that a day or two
since one Mrs. Trestle, a widow lady living about
two miles west of town, was found dead in her
bed. She lived alone with several small children,
who could do nothlng.but waited until help came.
She died in the evening and the children slept
with the dead body of their mother until morn
ing. By her death six small children are left des
titute and alone.
—Leavenworth was in a Jubilant state a few
days ago, over the report that the Platte Depart
ment Headquarters were to bo moved there from
Omaha, hut it proved to be false.
THE TERRITORIES.
It Is reported by papers on Puget Sound that
relegate Garfield has commenced a personal
crusade against Governor Salomon, charging
him with being concerned In the Lumper em
bezzlement, and offering tho government detec
tive sc,ooo to remain silent.
—A species of sugar maple is said to have been
found in the canons of Montana, and it has been
ascertained that its sap is ns strongly saccharine
ns the sap of the Eastern sugar maple.
—Major Wheeler, United States Marshal for
Montana Territory, states that the wheat crop
of that Territory averages forty bushel* to the
acre. Gallatin Valley spring wheat averaged
thirty-five bushels per acre for the last six years,
and winter wheat sixty-five bushels per acre.
—The Idaho SXntetvian says that thousands of
dollars were sent East and West during tho
month of .September, from Boise City and valley
for fruit trees.
—lt cost Washington Territory $1,031 to trans
port two prisoners from Vancouver to Stella
cooci. Tho Oiympta Tribune thinks that scmie
bedy must have taken lessons from Boss Tweed.
—Ben Butler is plaintiff lu a salt U bo tried ia
YanoouTor at the next term of tho District Court-
Boa having failed to get the Governorship of
Mauachotetta, is now going for the Cascade
Railroad. _
—The Ber. Van Horn, the chaplain at Von
coavcr, Is engaged In writing a biography of the
life and Services of General Thomae.
—The corn crop of New Mexico Is reported by
tho Santa Fe newspapers lobe very light. In tho
counties of Rio Arriba, Taos, Colfax, Mora, and
Ban Miguel, there is not half a crop, while in the
southern counties the yield is also unusually
light. The wheat crop Is fair throughout tho
Territory.
—Notwithstanding the rose-colored views of
Governor Campbell on the woman suffrage exper
iment in Wyoming, n Representative in the Legis
lature of that Territory, named Castle, has intro
duced a hill to repeal the suffrage act.
—The editor of the Las Cruces Borderer gives
the following picture of Cochise: “He la a tall
and finely formed man. and except tho long and
deep furrows across hia forehead, gives very
little Indication of age. Ills hair Is intensely
black, his face smooth aud slightly ornamented
with yellow ochre. His mouth is splendidly
formed and flexible, his nose prominent, and his
eye expresses no ferocity. The whole expression
of his countenance Is pleasant, and one looks in
vain for a gleam of that ferocity which has so long
been attributed to him.”
RAILROADS.
On the 22d Inst, a meeting of tho stockholders
of the Toledo, Wabash A Western Railway Com
puny will be held In Toledo, for tho purpose of
taking into consideration tho arrangements pro
posed with the Lafayette, Bloomington A Mis
sissippi Railway Company, together with its lease
with the Lafayette, Muueic A Bloomington Rail
way Company, the Hannibal A Central Missouri
Railway Company, and the Pekin. Lincoln A De
catur Railway Compauy, for the lease of their
several railways, which arrangements* have been
duly approved by the Wabash Board of Directors,
and will be submitted to tho stockholders for
their approval or rejection.
—Clay County, Kansas, has carried tho 9250.000
bond proposition for the Kansas Central Railroad.
The Junction City A Fort Kearney Ballroadprop
osltlon (1200,000) was defeated.
—The Columbus (O.) Journal of tho 15th says
that papers have beenlfiledat thoofllce of the Sec
retary of State incorporating tho Hillsboro A
Cincinnati and the Southern Ohio Railroads.
—Tbe earnings of the Toledo, Wabash A Western
Railway for October were 9000.2W, an increase of
9148,912 over October, IWO.
—The Galesburg (111.) Republican of the 18th
says We are credibly informed that the chief
engineer of the Springfield A Northwestern Rail
road will make n permanent survey next week of
the Hue between Lewiston and Knoxville, and, if
Galesburg will do ber part, tho survey will be
ccutlimcd to this city, thereby deciding tbo route,
and putting the whole lino under contract fi'bm
here to Lcwlslown.”
—The Southeast Missouri Railroad line, be
tween Ellsworth, Kun., and Memphis, Tcnn,, has
bei-u surveyed and a favorable report made.
—Ti»e prelimiourj' survey of tho Golden A Pine
Bluff Narrow Gauge Railroad, of Colorado, has
been completed.
l The opening of the Lake Shore A Tuscarawas
Valley Railroad, from Cleveland to Medina, O.
was celebrated on the 16th.
—The survey of the Milwaukee A Northwest
ern Kiihvny to Fond du Lucia completed, and
the engineers have suspended operations until its
construction commences.
—Tho New York ItolUtin says; •'Reports are
eurrent in this city to the effect that the Pennsyl
vania Railroad Company had made still another
addition to its already enormous power by tho
acquisition of the Philadelphia, Wilmington
raltimore Railroad,either by lease or by the pur
chase of a controlling amount of stock. There
are so many fumors of important transactions by
the great Pennsylvania Company, that any re
ports respecting it arc to be received with a great
deal of caution, and all the more because the
Philadelphia Ledger, and other papers in that
city, deny that any movement of the kind was
contemplated. Rut notwithstanding this denial,
and in spite of it, the statement is generally be
ievrd by railroad managers and capitalists in
this icily."
—The annual report ot the lion. Isaac R. Sher
wood. Secretary of State of Ohio, develops some
Interestlng railroad facts. The following Impor
tant railroad lines were chartered during the
year:
The Ser.thfm Ohio Railroad Company, commencing
at the month **f symmtH Creek, and passing thn.iign
Ijiwivliee, liallia, Jaek.-on, Pike. Highland, (liiitoti.
Wanvu. (tteeue, and Montgomery Counties to Pay
ten. capital. Wfluom
The Davtmi Mineral Region 'Railroad Companv.
eonmiemlng at Dayton and passing through M*mt
gi.im iv. lin ene. n«rkf, M;»b*«o, Fayette, Franklin,
Pirka'vav, FiditUhl. IVrrv tby way of .Somerset).
Menmn.*Mneklneuni. Noble,* Uuenwv. Monroe, and
lUlment Counties M Rellairo. Capital, ?2.500.00-k
The Whirling A Toledo Railroad Coiupaiiy.com.
nietieing at Bridgeport, and passing through Bel
mont Hani.-on. Tuscarawas, Stark. Holmes, V\ ayne,
Ashland. Riehlsml. Crawford. Huron, Seusca, sail
ilu-kv.olt:iw:i. Wood and Lucas Comities, to Toledo.
C#plfal.sl.oiu.eno,
The Cinciunutr A Miehiran Railroad Company,
cojimiei ciug at Cincinnati mid passing through Ham
ilton. Wnmn. Butler, Montgomery. ilUiul. Drake.
Mtarer. Van Weft, ranlding. IMlainv and Wil
liams Counties to the north line of the Slate. Capi
tal. tl.:o*.(f)0. _
The Raj lon.Mlllwaler A Saginaw alley Railroad
Cempnnv. with a capital of Sl.noo.ooi. ami the Ciiu tu
nati A* "(treat Nutt hern Railroad Company, both
having the same termini and passing through tho
same counties as the Cincinnati A Michigan, were
nlsu iaoentoraled.
The Ullbboru A Cincinnati Short Line, commenc
ing at cinclmiati and passing through Hamilton.
(Torment. Rniwn and Highland Counties to mils-
Imi o. Capital, fh.'ioo.wo.
Railroads were consolidated an fellows; The Raltl
nteie, Pittsburgh A Continental with the Ctdina ex
tension. forming tho Baltimore, Pittsburgh A Chi
vagr-. tie MatistleUl, Culdwater A Luke Michigan
wltli the Ohio A Mlcldgun. forming tho Manstield,
CohhvHter A Lake Michigan; tie Northwestern
Ohio with the Chicago A Canadian Southern; the
North American with New York Western; the Chi
cago a CnnadalSouthern and thep*«ulhwesU*rn Michi
gan. lornilcg Uie Chicago A Canada Southern.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Forty bulldogs Is one item in a recent shipment
from London to Calcutta.
—A Connecticut Enoch Arden returned home,
took in the sitmitiou sit a glance, tearfully bor
rowed n dollar from his successor, and departed.
—rheophihintbropocosmopolitauarhmism” is
the latest rellglo-sovlo-poUUcvd sensation iu
Ccorcia.
—The spectrum of Encke's comet has been seen
and measured at Harvard Observatory. It con
sirts of three bright lines and a faint continuous
spectrum, fainter than thocontinuousspcetrum of
the great nebula In Orion, as seen with the sumo
Instrument. It appears from this that it is a gas
eous body, emitting light, and not merely reflect
ing It.
—An enthusiastic lady, who made a speech in
favor of woman's rights, in Prussia, was sen
tenced on the following morning by a Polleo
Judge to two days imprisonment on bread and
water, for advocating free-lovo doctrines.
—The Churchman deprecates “a deadly mental
dyspepsia that has had Its foundation laid in
many of our American girls, between the ages of
7 and U, by tuo gorging of washy Sunday School
books.”
—A married gentleman of Elizabeth, N. J.. Inst
a valuable diamond pin, which ho advertised In
the Herald leaving tis with the bookkeeper as a
reward to the Under. Ills wife was the lucky per
son. She took the pin to tho Herald, office and got
the money.
—Au association, calling itself antl-Communist.
has been organized among tho workingmen of
Paris. The society Is said to number 00.000 mem
bers already, each mender pledged not to join
any section of the Intematioual.
—lt was necessary in tho course of a trial be
fore a Newark court to exhibit a lady's wardrobe,
and it is reported that some of tho bachelor con
stables held up some of the articles for identifica
tion ‘‘carefully and sbriukingly.”
—King's Church, Boston, has given upward of
*30,000 for the relief of tho sufferers by the con
flagrations at the West.
—An enterprising housewife in Ohio, who for
revival years has received the first premium* for
the Inst display of canned fruit exhibited at tho
annual Slate Fair, was abruptly deprived of her
laurels thi* year. Her fruit was as fresh and
plump-looking ns usual; but there happened to
1m- h lady on the committee for awarding pre
miums who insisted on opening one of the can®,
whai it was discovered that the fruit had been
put up in strong A* this process of preserv
ing fruit, although novel, was not considered
Mich an improvement as to merit encouragement,
the collection was promptly ruled out. to the
groat indignation of the fair owner.
—At a ballgiven in Louisville a few nights since,
by canal employes, quite an amusing incident oc
curred. Ham sandwiches were upon the table
when the company were invited in to supper.
Some mischievous fellow, however, had a few
minutes before stolen the ham, and replaced it
with thin slices of soap. The men, l>clng very
hungry, seized the bogus sandwiches and imme
diately bit out huge mouthfuls. The mistake was
dl-covered by each individual, but no one said
anything about it. thinking, perhaps, that tho
others would laugh at him. The author of the
joke watched with subdued merriment the numer
ous wry faces and changed countenances that,
one by owe, indicated the extensive circulation of
the soap.
—George Thompson, tho venerable champion
of emancipation, after long confinement by rea
son of illness, was able to attend the recent
meeting of the Scolal Science Congress of Great
Britain, and to deliver two speeches, which
roused the people to great enthusiasm. One of
these speeches," gays the Independent, “was in
behalf of tho bill remitting tne restraint of the
sale of liquor; and the other a denunciation of
the Contagious-Diseases act. He Is residing In
Kew-Lecds. o suburb of the great manufacturing
town of Ixeds.”
—A jour tailor named Jimmy Yolk, w years
old. is now traversing Ohio as a professional
tramp.” He has been on the tramp for seven
ty-five years, and has visited every State in the
Union many times, walking on an average a.ooo
miles every year. He has good eyesight yet, and
professes to be able to work at his trade. He
has just returned from a little walk into Nora
Scotia, and Is now m route (orTexas.
STATE LEGISLATURE.
Little Business Done at Satur
day’s Session.
Joint meeting of Committees to Con
sider the BeTenue Bill.
Outline of Mayor-Elect Mcdili’s
Municipal Reform Bill.
The Land-Title Bills of Senator "Wood
ard and Bepresentative Boot
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
LITTLE BUSINESS DONE.
Springfield, Nov. 18.—Nothing of any conse
quence was do no In either branch today. In the
House orders of Committee of the Whole and of
hills on third reading were reached, but so few
members were present that it was not deemed
•wise to consider bills.
COMMITTEE ON COOK COUNTY RECORDS.
Borne persons talk of introducing resolutions to
enlarge the Special Committee on Cook County
Records, making it thirteen instead of nine. This
Is quite large enough as it is, and as this move
■will be wade In behalf of members who are ex
ceedingly anxious to get on this committee, it Is
very desirable that It should be beaten. To in
crease the number of a committee of that kind Is
to destroy Us usefulness. If it has any.
REVENUE BILL.
A Joint meeting was held, to-day, of Rorenno
Committees to consider the biU known as Stad
en*s,or Van Dorston’s. The whole session was
substantially expended on the question how coal
mines should bo taxed; whether their value
should be ascertained by the product of the mine
or by a compilation of what the mine Is probably
worth per acre, or some other means, resulting In
striking out the provision in Staddcn’s hill on the
subject of taxing gross receipts, leaving the tax
to be levied on the general value of property as
nu investment. Then the discussion took a gen
erol turn as to the propriety of taxing capital in
vested In any business, and also gross product.
A great deal was said pro oud con on the subject,
one party inclining to the view that whut is called
“goodwill” should enter into tho taxable
value and another denying it. There was also
some informal discussion on the propriety of tax
ing the tirst farm nt its value, and then tho annual
products of the farm in addition to live slock and
all personal property of tho farms, agricultural
members, and those of that turn of mind, pre
dicting resistance to this double and treble style of
taxation. No conclusion was arrived at as to
taxing farms and other products, and cattle and
all other property, or in regard Co] taxing shares
of incorporated companies, and also property of
the same companies which is provided for in
Staddcn’s bill. There is a feeling in Joint commit
tee that the bid la too immense, and too search
warrant and inquisitorial in|lts character, and
laps over the same property too often, and
will necessarily tend to discontent, evasions, and
frauds In returns; hut the problem is to rcarii all
property that ought to ho taxed in a shorter and
simpler bill. No member has yet presented any
practicable scheme to accomplish that cud. Mr.
Short was absent, ana nobody represented him
or Us bill on the committee. Stridden was pres
ent, talking in behalf of his. They adjourned
without coming to any conclusion, feeling that
they had a winter’s work ahead to get thiugs into
an acceptable shape.
MUNICIPAL REFORM TULL.
Mr. Medlll has brought with him tho draft of a
brief bill, having for its object the requiring of
more perfect accountability of all city board.- and
ottieeis to tho Mayor and Common Council,
in order that tho city government shall
be made responsible to the public,
and to si cure economy and- frugality. Tim bill
consists of three sections and an emergency
clause, and provides in the tirst that, in all cities
ot over one hundred thousand jieople, the Mayor
shall have power to nominate to the Council all
members of the municipal boards, such as tho
Hoard of Public Works. Police Commissioners,
Hoard of Health and Kducation, Tax Commls
s’oncr. and Assessors,.-Com[droller. Corporation
Council, City Attorney, and nil other city otlieers
who are not to be elected by the people. The
S' coud provides that lie shall have power
to remove imv of these otliccra when ho thinks
the interests of the city require
it.J mid nominate any competent
person to tho Council, and if not continued shall
uomißhU* po»k* other competent person until the
Council cotiniius, llius avoiding dead looks from
the continual sending in of the same perron. _ Iho
third section provides that the Mayor shall ni».
the right to veto any item or items in the annual
tax ordinance, or the entire ordinance. If ho
vetoes one item ho is to send his reasons to the
Council, and the rest of the bill goes into effect.
I thus protecting the CouneU.comeriug the Mayor,
mid lorcing him to sign a bill tilled with bad ap
propriations, or veto it at nil, nud leave tho city
without xnonev to earn* on tho government. Tho
question now is, whether it is best to have this
bill passed separately in the nature of nn mn nnd
meut to the charter, which good lawyers
sav can be constitutionally done, or add it to tho
general bill on the government of cities, now ««n
a second reading. Tho objection to the bitter
course is that that bill cannot bo passed till bite
in the session, and will not take effect till Julv
next, and for the Ur-t seven months of the new
administration in Chicago xexbdlug evils cannot
be remedied, and the Mayor will havo no control.
Tf passed separately it could bo in force when
the new government was inaugurated. The bill
will bo laid Indore the Joint Committcc|on Munic
ipal Corporations next week. Thera does not
st cm to Is; any likelihood of opposition to tho
proposal to add another board to the city govern
ment of Chicago. _
LO«T KF.COTIDS.
The following la a bill for an act relating to the
loss or destruction of the public records of deeds
and conveyances. and providing a mode for as
serting title- iu such cases. prepared by Mr. Root:
SeiuoM. Bo it enacted by the people of the
State of Illinois represented In the Ueneral
Assembly. That whomever the public records of
any county within the State of Illinois shall have
been destroyed bv lire, it shall he lawful for any
person, who at the time of such lire was In the
possession of any piece or parcel of laud within
mi eh county, claiming to be the owner of the
whole or any pa it thereof, or of any estate, right,
title.or interest therein, to tile with the Recorder
of Heeds of such county his. or her
deposition asß hereinafter provided. iu
writiiur, verified oath or affi-rmaiimi
which said deposition shall state the fact and
character of such possession, the description of
such piece nr parcel of land, the estato or interest
claimed bv the pnrtv In possession thereof.and.to
the best of deponent's knowledge, information,
and belief, the chain of title from the United
States or the State of Illinois to such party iu
possession; and shall be accompanied by all
original deeds and Instruments in writing, or
certified copies thereof, which form a part of
such chain of title and are in the contro* of such
partv so in possession aforesaid.
Sec. 2. It shall be lawful for nil persons chum*
inp to be tbe owners of or to be entitled to any
right, title, or interest in any piece or pircid
of land, which was vacant and unoccu
pied nt the lime of such tire
by a connected title In law or equity dednclblo of
record from the State, or the United States, or
from any public officer or other iwrson author
ized by the laws of this State to sell such land for
tbenon-pavment of taxes, or from any Sheriff,
Marshal, or other person authorized to sell such
land on execution, or under any order. Judgment,
or decree of any court of record, to tile with the
Recorder of such county his, her. or their depo
sition iu writlmr. verified by oath or affirmation,
as herein provided, stating the description of
such piece or parcel of land, the title, right, or
lutCTt s*t claimed, and the chain of title thereto,
accompanied by any and all original convey
ances. Judgments or decrees, or certified copies
thereof, which may be In tbo possession of said
claimant.
Skc. a. It shall be lawful for every person who,
nt the time of Mich fire, was entitled to any lien
upon any piece or parcel of hml in such comity,
by virtue of any mortgage, trust deed, judgment,
or decree.unsatisfied in whole or In part, turtle
with the Recorder of Deeds of such county. Ills or
h< r doimsition, verified by oath or affirmation, as
herein provided, stating the date and amount of
such lim, and when due and payable, together
with a description of the lands or property upon
which the same was alien, as near us may be,
and the original or certified copy of any micU
mortgage, trust deed, judgment or decree, if un
der the control of said claimant.
Sec. 4. All depositions authorized to lw» filed by
the provisions of this act shall bo verified by the
oath or affirmation of the claimant of such es
t
.ate, tight, title. interest, or lien, before any oili
ccr authorized by the laws of this State to admin
ister oaths ami affirmations. and may also, when
made out of this state, be made before any officer
authorized by the laws of the State or county
where wade tondmlnisteroaths and affirmations,
certified by such officer under hU official seal, if
he have one, and if rot, the official cliaracter of
such officer shall be certified to by the Clerk of
some eonrt If received under the seal thereof:
provided, however, that the President or Secretary
if n corporation may make oath or affirmation on
behalf of such corporation; executors or admin
htralors on behalf of the estate represented by
then), guardians ou behalf of their wards, con
*ervator# on ln'half of their erstui qui trnsr, and
attornevslu fact, or agent*. on l>ehalf of person*
out of the limit* of the United State*.
Sec. 5. Upon the tiling of the deimMtlom boro*
inlvefure mentioned, verified hr oath or affirma
tlon, a* hereinbefore provided. It shall bo tho duty
ofthoßecorder to tUo the same for record, and
record the same and make indices thereof ami
furnish receipt* therefor. In the manner provid
ed by Chapter eighty-seven of the
statute* of this State entitled “K?oords
and Recorders" as published by E. I* Gross, A. D.
1*66. The records of such affidavits, so verified
as nforesald. «hall he taken, and the same Is de
clared to be good and effective lu law to charge
BD3* purchaser, mortgagee, or creditor, with no
tice of all the facts therein stated from and after
tho tiling thereof. The said affidavit, or certified
copies thereof, shall be received In all courts and
places ns evidence In favor of tho person or per
sons who claim to deduce a title, interest, or lien
under any conveyance, Judgment or de cree there
in mentioned, against all persons denying such
title, interest or uen, or claiming adversely to
The said Recorder shall, as often m
once during each week, cause to be published lu
two dallv newspapers of general circulation in
said county, one In the English language, and
one in the Gorman language, u snmumry or ab
stract of all affidavits tiled as aforesaid, stating
the description of each piece or parcel of land
therein described, the mime of the claimant, and
the estate, Interesr.,or lien claimed.
gEc. 7. All action-, either in law or In chan
cery, brought to it cover the j>os*e«sion of, or to
assert any tight, title, or lu'ert-st in any piece or
parcel of land In such county adverse to the own
ership. or right, title, interest, or lion noon tho
same, claimed In nny deposition so verified and
tiled as aforesaid, sliall be brought within one
rear after the date of the tiling of such deposi
tion. ami not sfler.
6tc. 8. Every person who. In the taking of any
oath or affirmation provided for in and by thi*
net, *hall *wcur or affirm wilfully, eorruptlv. and
fulsely as to any material matter in said deposi
tion, or shall suborn any other jw-rsim N> ,wo ir or
affirm a* aforesaid, shall Ikj deemed guilty of
perjury or subornation of i»erjury (a* iho e iso
iruy be), and. upon conviction thereof, shall bo
punished us provided by the laws uf this State
now or hereafter in fore© oa to porjoxy In other
Bec.9. Tbo eald Recorder shall bo entitled to the
tame fees for teoordlng said depositions as arc
now provided by law for recording conveyances,
the said tec a to be paid by the county within
which such records have been burned.
Bbo. 10. Whereas, by reason of tho dCßtruotlon
of the records of one of the counties of this
Htato, an emergency has arisen as reason why
this net should take effect Immediately, there
fore, this sot shall lake effect from and after its
passage.
The following Is a hill for an act to provide for
the restoration of record evidence of lUle to, and
Interest In, lands whero Urn records arc lost,
destroyed, or effaced, and for the protection of
owners nnd persons interested in such lands, in
troduced by Senator Wood »rd
Section 1. J‘ ,c *1 rnarUit hy the people of the
State of Illinois, represented in the General
sembh/, That whenever it appears to :he Gover
nor tliat the rccoi ds of the Recorder's office of any
county In this State an; lost, destroyed, or effaced
bv lire, flood, armed force, or otherwise, ho shall
appoint three suitable persons in such county as
Commissioners who shall perforin the duties here
inaflcr provided. Such Commissioners shall hold
their olliee for one year from the date of
their commission, unless sooner removed by the
Governor, or for such less term us shall bo ex
pressed in their commission. In ease tup duties
of such commission cannot be completed within
the time for which tho Commissioners are ap
pointed. their term of office may bo continued by
the Governor or other Commissioners appointed
for such time as may be necessary to complete
Boforc cn t c rlng on tho duties of their
nfth-e. the Commissioners shall severally make
and flic with the Secretary of State an affidavit
In the following form:
Ido swear (or affirm.as the case may be), that
I will support tho Constitution of the United
Stales, and the Constitution of tho State of Illi
nois, and that I will faithfully discharge the du
ties of the office of Commissioner of Records In
the County of (name of County! according to tuo
best of my ability.
Sec. s. Tho commissioners shall Ik* furnished
by tho County .Board of the county, for which
they are appointed, with suitable office books of
record blanks, stationery, and all proper vaults
or safes, for tho safekeeping of their records;
und such clerks and servants os may bo necos
surr In tho performance of their duties.
Sec. t. In counties containing 300,000 or more
inhabitants, tbe compensation of the several
Commissioners shall be *I,OOO per annum, pay
able quarterly. In counties containing a le.-s
number of Inhabitants, the compensation of the
Commissioners shall bo .fixed by the County
Board, but shall In no case exceed the amount
above mentioned. The salaries of clerks and
servants shall be determined by the County
Board.
Sec. r». All expenses of such commission shall
be paid by the county for which its is appointed.
Sec. 6. Immediately upon such Commissioners
entering upon their duties they shall cause a
notice to be published In each or tho daily, and
in one or more weekly newspapers published in
such county, if any are so published, and in somo
daily newspaper published in the City of New
York, for the space of three monthsauid shall also
keep posted at tho door of tlio 'Jourt. House in
such county a cony of such noth*, which notice
shall substantially be In the following form:
Restoration of records in County, Illi
nois. Notice Is hereby riven that, under an act
of the Genetul Assembly of Illinois, approved
the undersigned, Commissioners, immedi
ately proceed to restore the records of deeds of
County, and give eertificatestitle to owners
und persons having liens upon land in said coim
iv. All persons interested m lauds in said county
are requested to present their claims and evi
dence of title, pursuant to said act; claims not
presented within one rear may be barred.
A.8.1
C. D. Commissioners.
E. F. V
Skc.T. It shall ho the duty of such Commis
sionei to pri*eure, by purchase or othorwi.-e.
us shall apiHjar to them best, stu-h maps und
plats of the subdivisions of laud in such
county, and such books of abstracts of title
or other evidence of tho contents
of tho lost, destroyed or effaced records of such
county as they shall deem proper to preserve evi
dence of the contents of »uoh lost, destroyed or
effaced records, and cause u record thereof with
proper evidences thereto to bo made and deposit
ed in the Recorder's office of such county. Pro
vided. that before such-county shall lie bound by
any contract made made by such commission tbe
same shall be approved by tho County Board
thereof.
Sec. s. The record so made by the Commission
ers, und certified copies uf any matter contained
therein by the Recorder of such eountypnade in
tla* manner provided by law for certifying copies
o* d* eds, shall la* evidence in allcutirtsatidplaces
o the same extent as certified copies of deeds ate
evidence.
Si-.c. y. Whoever shall claim title to, nr auvpv
tate, interc!-!. or right in. or lieu mum. any hnd
in sneh county, may presi nt to such Commission
ers the affidavit of himself nr his authorized
agent. describing the premise* am! selling forth
the nature and extent of his estate, interest, or
right in. or lieu upon such property, and w liet her
niiv oilier pei'.-«»n, to his knowledge, his or claim*
anV estate, interest, or right in, or den upon
the same premises, or any part thereof, and. if
:mv. the mrurc and extent of the same, and their
nahies and best known places ol residence. rpan
the receipt of such allidavit. it shall be the duty
»*f the commissioners to ascertain and determine
from the evidence in their pos-cs-ion or such evt
dvnee ns may he satisfactory to tliom. in whom
the title to such property is vested, and tho na-
Hire and extent of the estate, Interest or right in.
or lien of anv claimant upon the same, and
to make out. arid deliver to the rial Haul a certifi
cate setting forth particularlyadcseripiion of the
lu-ojierlv, the nature and extent of his title to, or
estate, interest, or right in, or lien upon, such
property, ami whether anv adverse claim has
been made thereto. Any number of lots or pieces
of land claimed in t he same right may he included
111 oucanu;,,,;; x shall
notapplvlo any estate, interest, right or u.*n
upon land derived through any sale of such land
for any tax or us-cssment.
J?kc. *lo. If the Commi—loners shall he unable
to tind tho estate, interest or right in, or lien
upon, the land mentioned in the affidavit, to
he in the claimant as set forth in such
ullldavlt, elear of anv adverse claim existing,
or made In good faith, they shall refuse to give
stub certificate.
6ko. 11. finch certificate shall bo evidence of
the facts therein stated in all courts and place*,
and shall be entitled to record In the Recorder**
office of such county. The fee for recording such
ceitiflcate shall be twenty-five cents, copies of
the record of such certificate by the Recorder of
such eouutv shall bo evidence to the same extent
us certified copies of deeds us provided by law.
Six. 12. N T o person shall commence an action for
the recovery of lands or an estate, interest, or right
injur lien upon,the same as againstthe person, ins
heirs or assigns holding under such certificate, to
tlx* extent of the estate, interest or right In. or
lieu upon the same so certified, unless, withiuone
year after tho filing of such certitleito for record
in the R» corder's office of such county ..except in
the following eases;
3, Min n the promises were in the possession
of tlie plaintiff, or the person under whom he
chum:-, at tho time of the filing of such certi
ficate.
2. That tho plaintiff, or the person under
■whom he claim, was. at the time of tiliug such
cc:tillciite .under the age of twenty-one years, or
Insane, in which last cast; sujh action may bo
brought within one year after his becoming
twenty-one years of age or sane.
Skc. iy. The said Commissioners shall keep In
their office book or books, in which shall bo
listed in numerical order, all pieces of laud and
lota with proper columns, in which shall bo sot
down,opposite the the respective pieces of land or
lots, the name of thoelalniant, dif of filing, af
fidavit, ami the date when a certificate was is
sued or refused: such book shall be indexed,
“bowing the page upon which may be found the
township and range or subdivision, In which any
tract of laud nr lot tnav be found. fiu-U book*
and index shall be open to the Insepcetlon of all
persons wishing to inspect the same, and. at tho
expiration of the term of office of such Commis
sioners shall be deposited with the Recorder o!
such comity.
five. 14. In all eases whore the Commissioners
shall reftu-e to grant such certificate, or a conflict
shall arise In regard to the ownership of any
estate, interest or right in, or lien upon .any land,
or the person claiming any estate, interest or
right in. nr lien, njM*n any land shall find
that such csiatMnferest, right, or lien shall be in
dancer in consequence of the destruction of the
reedtds of the Recorder's office or other records
pertaining to Lis title, the person claiming -neb
estate, interest, right or lieu may file his sworn
MlUn equity to quiet his title thereto, and upon
the hearing of such bill the court may admit ns
evidence bqieh abstracts, abstract looks of title
or copies thereof as shall appear to the court to
have been made in good faith, and such other
secondary evidence as shall appear to be the best
evidence In the power of thepartiesand shall give
iheicto such insight as shall seem to tho court to
be according to equity.
<ec. 15. The mode of proceeding under the pre
ceding section shall be the same ns in other cases
In eqiiltv, and the final decree of the court in any
such ia*se shall be conclusive upon all parties
thereunto, whether specifically named in the bill
or described as unknown owners, and no writ of
error shall be prosecuted therefrom after the ex
piration of one year from the date of the entry
thereof, provided the time, of the disability of any
party who Is tinder the age of twenty-one or in
sane'nt tho time of the entry of such decree shall
lie excluded from tin- computation of said lime.
goc. i*t. Word* in tins act importing the singu
lar number may extend to several jh-oous or
things: words importing the plural number- may
Include the singular: words importing the mascu
line gender may be applied to females; words
importing Persons may be extended to, corpora
tions. And the coneurrenoc of two of such (’Dm
mUfioncrs in any act herein authorized shall bo
sufficient, _
Sec. 17. Whereas, the records of the Recorder s
office of Cook Comity have lately been destroyed
by fire whereby tlie titles of persons to estates.
Interest, and rights In. and liens upon real estate,
are renuered insecure and unmarketable, so that
an emergency has ail-en that this act should
take effect immediately; therefore. thl« art shall
take effect ami be iu force from and after its pas
sage.
LEGISLATIVE
Springfield, Nor. 13.
SENATE.
The Senate wet at 10 a. m., anil was, as usual,
opened by iiryyer..
The Committee on Agriculture reported back
the bill creating a commission for the extermina
tion of Canada thistles, ■with verbal amendments.
Ordered to a third reading.
NEW BILLS.
The following bills were introduced:
By Mr. BISHOP—The bill repealing the Regis
trylaws and establishing new boards, which Urn
Governor vetoed on account of a defective title.
Referred.
By Mr. NICHOLSON—To amend the corpora
tion of Lincoln University. Referred.
By Mr. WOODARD— I The bill by
himself and Harvey B. Hurd, Esq.. for an act to
provide for the restoration of reconls, etc., de
stroyed by Are. Ordered to a second reading.
By Mr. rULLEH—A blank bill concerning the
salaries of the executive department. Referred.
REFERENCE OF KILLS,
At the request of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Prac
tice Act was taken from the table and referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
At the request of Mr. EARLY, the General In
surance, and at the request of Mr. Woodard, the
bill to perfect land titles, both being on a third
reading, were referred.
BILLS ON A SECOND REAPING.
The following Dills were taken up on their
second reading: _
To Increase the Jurisdiction of Justices o. the
Peace. Referred.
To prohibit flailing within the inclosed premises
of others. Referred. -t _
To flx salaih s of Court oßlccrs of Cook County.
(Mr, Woodard’s). Referred.
OFFICIAL REPORT?.
The resolutions providing for an official report
of the proceedings ’was postponed till Tuesday,
Adjourned liU U P- n».
y awol'iinment.
The Senate met nt 3 p. m. but for the want of
a quorum adjourned till Monday ut 10 a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The House met at to o’clock.
RF.SOUTION OF INQFIRV.
A resolution was adopled requesting the Gov
ernor to Inform tlu* House ol t*m disposition
made of the property belonging to the Irvington
Agricultural College.
nrt.F.s,
Mr. WAITE gave uc-llco of an amendment to
tho rules so as to provide that any bill m- T k
taken up out of its order by avotoofa maioHti
of the members,
M'ooKoron cowrr bill.
The Senate sent over ablll repealing the special
law In creating the fees of county officers Tie
McDonough County. J waiters of
REAPING OF RILLS.
Several Senate bill* were read the first time
Senate bill to make women eligible for sehkoi
offices, was read the second time and sent to til-
Committee on Education. uw
REVISED mi.w.
Tlic revised chapter In regard to the decent of
property was Pi nt to tin- Judiciary Ourm.im*
as were other chapters from the Revisers, tlits bill
in relation to parent ami child, etc. um
MlseELLUlor*.
Tlie Senate Eminent Domain hill wasre-idu
second time and sent to the Judiciary Committee
and the hill fixing the salary of State nffWrs w-».T
M-ni to the Committee on Fees and .Salaries
The House not toingfull. Senate bills on'a third
reading were passed over, and the Hoirec went
nto Committee of the Whole, and to..k up tho
bill to legalize the Payment by the Governor of
stab* funds to tho Penitentiary Coiuinis,doners
and >cnt it baek to tin* Penitentiary Committee’
The committee then ruse, the attendance b-iu
so thin.
Mr. ROOT offered n billln relation to the 10-s
‘andlurds, and providing a mode of proving ti-
The bill relating to roads and bridges was read
fluy t,,lH H°usc adjourned till Moa-
rOIiXTICAI,.
Tlie Democratic (towrimruf Kentucky declares
that he will never give hia consent to any meas
ures looking to the education of the blacks.
-An Alabama paper, in a political editorial,
mildly adjures its readers to vote tor Judge So
itnil-So, and thus rebuke the cohorts of tlio arch
fiend”—which is rather hard on the party of th«
other part."
-The Springfield (Mass.) Republican opposes*
the renomination of President Grant, ami would
prefer to him Vice President Colfax. Secretary
Boutwell, General Hawley, of Connecticut. Sena
tor Sumner, Mr. Charles Francis Adams, General
J. D. Cox. Senator Trumbull, Governor B. Grate
Brown, nnd many other men.
—Tbe Atlanta Sum says that tho Hon. Thomas
Munson Norwood, the new Georgia Senator, is u
years old. He was bom in Talbot Comity, Geor
gia, and graduated at Emory College in tho class
of 1850. Ho studied law under the Hon. Janie*
31. Smith, nt Culloden, and was admitted to the
bar at Forsyth in February, IS"2. lie immediate
ly went to Savannah and entered upon the prac
tice of his profession, where lie has remained
ever since. He was a monitor of the Homo of
Representatives In the Georgia Legislature In
lHtl-63; besides this, he never held an office,
either before or since the war. Ills father was
possessed of an ample fortune, but believed It to
be proper for everytody to learn some trade.
Accordingly he hud the subject of this notice,
who was Ids youngest chill, learn tho trade of a
shoe and boot maker, which be did; and he made
the boots with his own hands which he wore
when he went to college.
—Gradually, as the actual f ict* of the late Vir
ginia election come to light, the Conservative
pains to which the Democratic party has In its
desolation turned ns affording the only remaining
ground of hope for jiossibh* future successes,
begins to assume a very ordinary appearance, es
pecially when theca uses of the result are clearly
understood. The last Senate consisted of forty
three members, of whom thirty were Conserva
tives nnd thittecn Republicans, The present
Senate has thirty-three Conservatives and ten
Republicans—a Conservative gain of three.
The last House of Delegates consisted ot
one hundred und thirty-seven mem
bers, of whieli forty-four were Republic ms. Tin*
present House will have only om hundred and
thirty-two monitors, thirty-live of the number
being Republican. This Conservative increase,
however, is owing to the fact that the late
atiire. in rediatiictlng and reapportioning tho
•State for representation in both branch*** oftho
General Assembly, gerrymandered it in conformi
ty with a well-known Democratic process, where
by the representation of Republican constituen
cies i.» re duced, and those of the opposition in
creased correspondingly. In those few conn
tics which were not affected by the redistrh-tra-
U«n the Republican party gallantly hold its own.
while In one or two of them Us popular gains
wen- quite remarkable.
—ln Mississippi, the House of Representatives
will have f.l Republicans, M Democrats, and *i iu
d» pendents. The .S-imfe will have 21 Republi
cans and 12 Democrats. Tlie last House had .V,
Republicans and 32 Democrats, und the Senate
2C Republicans nnd 7 Democrat*.
—The Democrats have earned Maryland, on
the vote for Governor, by about is.ooo majority.
The Senate stands; -M Democrats anil 1 Republi
can the House of Delegate-*, to Democrats and U
Republicans.
—Tlie Memphis Aralmirhe says that “The Cin
cinnati Jtn'jurfrr has abandoned eternal prin
ciples availability hy its advocacy o* Colonel
Scott for President whereupon tho £«fuVir
responds substantially that eternal principle*”
are of little account if they are exposed to eter
nal defeat.**
—Mr. Peter B. Sweeney rents the first lloor of
his building on the corner of Broadway and
Thirty-fourth street. New York, to deary, ha a
grocery, for flo.ooo a year, while the second floor
is rented to the city as an armory, for taivw a
year. As a role, second stories do not rent soad
vantiigeotMy.
—Governor Campbell, in Ids mo-sage to tbo
Wyoming Territorial legislature, recommended
the conlinnanee of woman suffrage. which was
first tried In that Territory. He says that Dm
system is successful. But it is said that t «ov.»r
nor Campbell expects to maintain h‘a political
power through the inlhicncc of the women.
—Tin* Mobile liff/utter lutes the New York
TTWrftotask for culling Tweed a public role
ber/’and adds: “We do not say Mr. Tweed is
Innocent. but we do say that we have yei scan
nothing in Hie shape of evidence to prove bis
puilt. When Mr. Tweed is found guilty by a
court of Justice and a Jury of his peers, wo shall
Ixdlevc that a man as great as bo undoubtedly is
in bead ami administrative capacity, and as gen
erous in soul, has stooped to enricb by
robbing the constituency that hi-* trusted him.
—Revcnly Johnson favors the proposed aban
donment by the Democratic party of the ground
it ha?- hitherto occupied- He recommends tlm
following policy for adoption by the next Nat ional
Democratic Convention I.ef thr members of
the convention place before the country some
name which ail Conservatives as well P iua
crats can support, and aunonneo. if they declare
any political principles, nothing which would bo
offensive It* either conservative Republicans or
Democrat*. If this shall be done. I believe that
our triumph will be certain, and surely all should
unite in labor to that end who value the constitu
tion of tlic nation, ami know the wortbof political
and civil lilwriy."
—Tbcie s. iins to be a little unpleasantness
ninony the so-called Republicans of
Fbuida. The Minimum of the State Executive
Committee bus published a card repelling certain
charges against the committee, ami, alluding by
name to one of the accusers, says: “As to
Ue la not only a worthless State officer, as ambi
tious as he is useless, but he has been, and, I pre
sume, now is, an ally of the Democratic party,
and 'be is a natural-born fool in addition. Ill*
twaddle is of no account/*
The Insolvent Insurance Companies*
Chicago, Nov. is.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
I was struck with the soundness of the views
expressed in your issue of the 15th. regarding
concert of action on the part of policy-holders in
defunct Insurance companies; hut the action of
the meeting at Standard Hall, on Wednesday
evening,ls anvthlm: but satisfactory lo the pub
lie. An excellent committee, Me>-rs. Farwell,
Gray, and Sc« berg»r, had already be-u appoint
ed, but died of too much lawyer; aim tlie present
committee will do better than it promises if it
f scapes n like fate. The llrst thing the Standard
Hall meeting did was to call a bnvj-er to preside
after which followed a few sensible remarks by
bu*inessmun; another lawyer moved the ap
pointment of un Investigating Committee,
the motive, of course. being to
be Chaliinan of the committee.
Then another lawyer wanted at least live com
mitters. which would provide four mure chair
manships tor lawyers. Of the eight speakers at
the meeting, live were lawyers. Finally a
committee of ten were appointed. |of which half
were lawyers, and if they are able bankruptcy
praitlfloners, the records of our United States
Court fall fearfully short of doing them justice.
The meeting should have appointed a general
Executive committee, representative iu its
character, of not less than fifteen members, con
sisting of men like Messrs. W. F. Coolbuugh. C. B.
Farwell. Marshall Field, R. W. Hale. F. D. Gray,
J. W. Doane. A. F. Scebergcr, J. A. Markley, C. p.
Kellogg. Henry Leopold. John Tyrrell, C- M.
Henderson. M. D. V.vil*, N. O. Williams. Abijah
Keith, N. Matson, J •-T{. Fisk. Gilbert Hubbard,
F. Porter Thayer. Then this committee should
have come together, and dividid up Into sub
committees, after the manner of the Com
mittee of Seventy In New York. To
«»ne of these sub-committees should be assigned
the investigation of »h’o affairs of the liit-ea
failed companies in New England, to another the
tlfteen coinpa nics In New York city, and to an
other the fifteen companies in Philadelphia,
Baltimore. Albany.ButtiloundCleveland. Owing
to the great variety of interests involved, it wifi
be impossible probably to have any one commit
tee attend to the cases against the local compa
nies: and it would doubtless l*c letter for thuan
intrusted ill Californhi. risks to appoint sepa
r«te committees for each case.
One thing certain; onr business men will
keep out »»f the bunds of this lawyer’* commit
tee- Let us have therefore a new one appo'nted,
which can employ lawyers If it linds it need*
them. a Merchant.
—The Post Office Department, on Friday, re-
eelved from the Secretary of the Treas
ury a box containing I9wo> cancelled
postage and revenue stamps. Tim stamps
were forwarded to the Treasury by a
lady residing at Bridgeport. Conn., whs ayss
that she is one of a Bible-class; that sho wa* told
by the Superintendent of her Sunday School that
If sho wonhl collect one million stomps the gov
ernment would give her two. She therefore for
warded a part of the required number, and re
quests pay forlheiupro rain. She claims that if
the government wants a collector of defaced
stamps she will accept such position for a reason
able compensation. General Terrell, Third Aa-*
.->tant PoNimuttcr General, replbnl ;o her tetter,
earing that cancelled stamps possess no value
whatever, and that the newspaper rumor to the
fleet ihct tl.f ffovornm* nt will pay ns such,
•tramps is doubtless intended for a sell.