WASHINGTON.
3! or« Men than Brethren—Two Anec
dotes of Ecclesiastics.
-Have we a State Church T—Piety in
Office-Broking.
From Onr Own Correspondent.
Wasihnutox, Nov. 19.
Tlio news came yesterday, by telegraph,
rdm England, that Cardinal Wiseman’s
■c hnrcli bad selected four missionaries to con
vert the colored population of the South;
nd this was accompanied with the curious
remark that, as England had bestowed
slavery upon the United States, it was lit
that the work of converting said slaves
should be assumed by English priests. We
had always supposed, in this country, that
-the Amoileau negro was already well con
verted. Almost every able-bodied negro gets
religion at least half-a-dozen times In !tho
course of his life, and some have been known
to indulge in as many conversions in due
year. However, there may he something in
the gorgeous character of the Catholic
Church to take the negro’s eye, not to speak
of his heart, and thus it might, perhaps,
come about that the present Radical vote of
the South may bo made reactionary and con
servative through a change of faith, for,
certainly.. slavery always got good assist
ance from the True Church, and the
Rebellion Lad no. great. cause of
complaint against it. Xohtical cinau
-cipation has never taken place
in thecolonies of any of the Catholic ua*
lions, except where the Catnohc state was
fevoluntiouized, as in the case of r ranee at
the First Revolution, when freedom fol
.lowcd swiftly in all tho Irench .colonies.
Hut Spain. for example, never renegade to
'the only True Faith, keeps as tight a'gnp
upon its herded laborers in Cuba. Porto Rico,
.and other colonics, as does the Turk himself
at the further end of tho Mediterranean,
However, political gratitude vanishes when
.faith supersedes politics.
My attention has been called to a part of
theloperations of another Church amongst us
in the field of political nroselyzatioa; oud v
to introduce this branch of the subject. I
.have madereferenceto the coming of what
.are calldin England “Cardinal Wiseman's
Lambs/'
METHODISM KAMPAXT*
The great Methodist Church, whose pro
gress ha wordly as well as spiritual matters is
a gratifying feature in our civilization, is in
danger of losing its hold upon popular sym
pathy by the over-anxious endeavors of some
of its clergy to pull strings in politics, carry
offices, and receive acknowledgement from
great Executive officers.
The Church is the same to a froo State, no
matter what school of ecclesiastics stop put
of their own sphere and assume political
charge of things. Between ISSO and 1800 a
large portion of the Methodist Church might
have been called bigotedly conservative.
Great Border Conferences, like that of Phil
adelphia, attached to tho Methodist Church
iforth, were antagonistic to the preaching of
anti-slavery sentiments in their pulpit. At
that time men like John Long, James Me-|
Carter, Hiram Mnttcson, qml others, were
frequently put under personal fear, and they
sought in vain to obtain tho moral support
of the great bulk of their denomination. The
Christian Advocate ami Journal the central or
gan of the Church, had published, up to tho
lime of the accession of Abel Stevens to the
editorship, as many articles comforting to
tho souls of slaveholders jus like papers in
the South. An anti-slavery preacher, known
to be such, fouud it difficult, in many parts i
of Tho Middle States, to have the doors I
of the Church opened to him after the
Bishop had sent him there to officiate, i
In tho Korthwest, the case was different:
and, probably the lirst decided indication of
a reformation in the Methodist Church oc
curred when the Eev. iLr. Simpson and others
were elected to Bishoprics. It was not as
Methodists, however, but as citizens and
men, that the great body of Ibis denomina
tion wheeled out of darkness into light, and
from apathy to earnestness, on the issuo
which already possessed the rest of the
people. The Methodist Bishops found their
work already cut out when, in 1801,
•the question of Union or Slavery came up at,
the sienal from Fort Sumter. Tho bonds of
faith were weaker than those of blood; and,
hy the wondrous elasticity of its organiza
tion, the Methodist Church was immediately
enabled. Bishops and nil. to accommodate it
telf to the politics of its members. It became.
Although at a late day, as radical us tho Con
gregational, Presbyterian, and UuitJirian
’Churches had long been and may be fairly
admitted to have made up the balance where
•Orthodoxy was wanting in regard for human
rights.
METHODISTS IX LUCK.
Now, certain individuals in tlio Methodist
Church have led themselves into the belief
that there is a political something duo to the
Church for its attitude in the crisis of the
country. The strong cohesive organization
of the Church itself, has always made the
Methodists a little proud to see this or that
great man one of themselves. At last they
Lave got him—a live President, Never much
concerned in former days on the question of
■church bells or infant baptism, tbo Presi
dent. to bis honor be itbaid,haaled the coun
try in good example by sitting under the
droppiugs of Dr. Newman’s sanctuary. 11 ere,
also, attend a large percentage of our Sena
tors and licprcsentatives, such as Colfax,
Harlan. Logan, Tipton, Wright, &c. The
Chief Justice of the United States is‘also a
Tormal Methodist. In short, this Church
manifests its wide dominion and
democratic popularity nowhere more
decidedly limn at the seat of
Federal Government. The army and navy
continue to attend the Episcopal churches,
.and, perhaps, the host element of our civil
service adhere to New England Congrega
tionalism, or its associate, Presbyterianism.
To mo, as to all. it is pleasing to see that the
Gospel which began in such lowly walks,
and adapted itself with such ease to the
-conditions of the frontiersmen, the saud
hillcr audthe mechanic, has steadily ad-
\anced with the civilization of tho country
and, although with an organization over
bearingly ecclesiastical, is yet liberal, sym
pathetic. nudeurnest. TheMethodisls, how
over, owe it to themselves to stop this busi
ness of some of their clergymen, bargaining
in offices, and forcing the assumption down
the throat of the government that, somehow
or other, the Methodist Church can he han
dled, like a piece of machinery, by its promi
nent men. Hero are a couple of anecdotes
they were told to mo by responsible people,
and, at any rate, arc in circulation all over
Washington.
THE CLKHGYMAN AND TITF. CAUIXETMAX.
A certain clergyman, who is known as
much for the gtcut who pay
him pew-routs as for his strong inclination
to he elected one of the Hoard of Methodist
Bishops, and who, once upon a time, oven
.attempted, with his single arm, Samsoa-liko,
toput the whole of Mormouism to llight—
this benignant and fashionable orator con
ceived that, being next to the Government's
car, he might put some of the hrethcru in
oflico just alter Grant's inauguration, lie
port relates that in this he was successful;
.and that Clerks, rosUuu-tcrs, Kcvcnue As
sessors, and what not. tumbled down‘as the
prizes of his solicitation—each nomination
secured by the statement, that so-and-so **is a
great power in onr uhurch in fact, our elo
quent orother got to be around the Depart
ments what is popularly called a nuisance.
11c acted ns to olliees on the revival
principle, 1 lint. while there'' was cue
sinner who might bo brought in,
the ctlbrt should not he given up. One such
appointment that he solicited at the office
of the Bostmastcr-Ceucral was refused on
general grounds of competence, lituess. aud
even character. As much was"repeatedly
said to this indoinitabloCospellcr, but, bciug.
possessed of great assurance, aud not apt to
take the hint unless it was given with vio
lence, he sought again aud again toJcircum
vent the official, aud force the appointment.
Being a clergyman, lie, «*f couroo, had access
to the households of Calriuct folks as tuo
spiritual adviser ami social harmonizer of
the ladies. Observing that the Cabinet
Minister in question was very proud of lus
wife, the idea dawned upon our brother that,
if ho could only get the paper m favor oi
Lis client signed by tlio Secretary s wife
aforesaid, it would bo a lucky, stroke.
He therefore called upon Mrs.-: r, stated
Lis case, and begged for her signature for
the stranger’s appointment to an omco
"whereof she probalv know not tho value or
any of the accompanying relations. A little
-doubtful, but easily persuaded, tuo lady
wrote her name among tho other signora, all
of whom were men, and many were wire-'
pullers, and folks not up to the social grade
even of a Cabinet officer, not to speak ot a
-clergyman. Armed with this masterly pa
per. onr brother proceeded to the denart
jnent, blandly solicited tho same old favor
again, and innocently pointed to tho name of
{be Secretary’s wife among th 6 motley list of
Secretary, who is a Methodist in aU
but profession, educated at a Methodist col
lege, and a nephew of perhaps tho leading
Metiiodist in Maryland, had no sooner seen
his wife’s name appended to a political re
quest. among such unequal associates, than
he crumpled the whole paper in his Imnd,
strode to the grate without a moments hesi
tation, and stayed there until tho petition
was burnt in the fire. _
I think it disgraceful,” he said,. for any
anan to go to my house, taking advantaged
his holy office, to get my wife’s name to a pe
tition like this.”
The Secretary appeared, by his heft and
breadth of shoulders, to be able to knock his
man down; so the candidate for tho Bishop
•riclookcd once in Ids face, and beat/ the most'
-disgraceful retreat that had been seen around
that department since tho inauguration. I
atm not able to confirm tho rest ot the storv;
hut, after his apprehensions of a good kick
ing had subsided, the divine worked around
in the Methodist Church to sec if it was nut
possible to have tho oiTendiug Secretary
turned out of his* place, in order to prove
that “Our Church ia-a power.”
ankcdotk no. 2.
Hero is another case of a similar rebuke
administered to a mau of nmrh better breed
ing and sensitiveness than the aforesaid:
Tlio ]nt« l)r. McCliutock, formerly Pro
feasor of a D:ckinsou College,
iliuistcr of iho American Clmpel in Pans,
mid one of iliu Lest ecclesiastical linguists
wo possessed, bad, on ono occasion, to solicit
u favor from tlio government; ana it.was
related, to him that a sturdy member of Con
gress, living not far from the city of Pitts
burgh. was the man to have it accomplished.
A friend, mutually acquainted, volunteered'
to make tho.Congrossman and Professor Me-
Clintock known to each other. Upon the in
troduction the Congressman extended his
hand, and showed, by his deference, that ho
considered the ecclesiastic at least his peer.
The clergyman went on with his errand, and
treated it less as a favor than as a thing of
demand, and closed up by saying, m a tone
somewhat dictatorial: “Now, Mr.——. tlie
Methodist Church demands this as a right,
and the Methodist Church, you kuow, is a
power in this country
The largo and burly stature of tlw Con
gressman was here drawn up. Acold atnios
phero seemed to blow out of his face, us ho
said, severely.
Dr. McCiintook, your name audrepu tatlou
were suftlcient in -themselves, sir, to obtUiu
any favor of this sort from me. Ihit wheu
you toll n member of Congress that the
Methodist Church is a power iu this country,
and. therefore, demands anything, sir, you
put the case upon a ground that I cannot con
sider.”
I>r. McClintock, who was a good man, only
a little verdant about politics, and perhaps
carried away with the notion that a good
many of the brethren have, that his Church
is a reputation, is said to have gone away a
good deal chagrined with himself, and to
have respected the man who rebuked him.
The most humorous part of this story is, that
tho Congressman never hud been a Metho
dist, but, on the contrary, had been a devout
Presbyterian.
LOOK OUT, CLASS-LEADERS.
I have no further obj*cct in this letter than
to advise the Methodist people that they .can
take no surer means to reduce the character
of their denomination, in a country of citi
zens jealous of churchmen, than bv encour
aging the suspicion thqt their Church is bar
gaining at "Washington in offices. I recol
lect distinctly that, just after the President’s
inauguration, several, delegations of folks
came on hero to get places, and theyhad
clergymen inserted in their- committees, and
enforced their application-with the notion
that “Our Church was apower.” One such
man I remember well, who came ou by him
self, and told his errand. Ho wanted to have
a man appointed a Revenue Assessor, !uud
another rogn Revenue Collector, in a certain
district of Pennsylvania j and, although I
may do him grievous injustice. .1 have
never been able to got rid of tho suspicion
that he was paid, although a clergyman,
to come and get tho office on the plea that
“Our Church is a power.” Tho Methodist
Church is too useful for tho spiritual usfes of
tlie country; too worthy in its liberality uud
refinement; too rich in organization, institu
tions and memberships: too numerous and
too decent to permit itself to bo thrown away
bvalot of chaps of whom it maybe said,
“My Church is a house of prayer, bat yo
have made it a deu of—primary election
men/’ The belief is a growing one that the
Methodi&t Church, for its own serenity and
self-esteem, wants to enforce the itinerant
system, at least in thequarterof Washington
City. When a clergyman is so ignorant of
tho fitnes of things that ho renominates his
puriehoner for a high office like the Presi
dency, and thus panders to the vanity of pub
lic men rather than addressing himself to
their spiritual needs, ho becomes a common,
puller and parasite rather than a pattern of
that Gospel which is no distiuguisher of per
sons; and he ought to get one of poor Joe’s
orders, to move on/’
TAKE WARNING.
Wo have just passed through a revolution
of no little consequence to Americana, re
sulting in tho political prostration, for the
time being.of tho Catholic Church, oven iu
the city of New York, its stronghold, where
it is completing one of illC linest cathedrals
ih the universe. It laid its bftuuiSUpoii the
school and charity funds; setup its OTTO in
stitutions of education and relief, in rivalry
of those accepted hy tho people at largo;
and it provoked those terrible series of cari
catures which Nast produced in Harper’s
U'nlly. In the revolution against the politi
cal demagogues who had divided tho raiment
of the people to cover these priests, priest
and demagogue lost their grip together.
Now, it is remarkable that the illustrated
journal which led in that pvat indignant
campaign is published by an old and respect
able family of Methodists, bearing among
them tbo reverend prenomv of Fletcher
and Wesley; and they may not be
altogether unaware of the fact that, in some
quarters, there is a disposition to use tho
vole and influence of the Wesleyan Church
a good deal as tho iutluouce
of tho rival Church was. thrown
into politics. We hear on every side that
this man will be returned to tho Senate be
cause he is strong among the Methodists, and
that another man pot to tho Senate because
he became a Methodist a suspiciously short
lime before bis election. Now, as our Meth
odist statesmen have not yet iixert up that
little affair of their own Book-Concern in
New York,—which is probably the'greatest
publishing house of its character on our
hemisphere,—it is suggested that they do not
provoke the caricatunstsiu the larger field of
national politics, which they are altogeteor
unable to control by experience, and it might
bo said, judging from the little anecdotes I
have related above, unable to control by good
manners. Gath.
THE GRAND DTJHE ALEXIS.
Hi» Arrival nl IVcw Vork*
Fmm the New York World, Not. 20.
On Saturday afternoon. toward dusk.thcro
.was the usual spectral train of lightermen
and pilot-boats wending their way around
the Hook,” through the Narrows, and up
the still waters of tho bay to the shores of
Manhattan Island, there to lio at rest until
the beginning of tho next working-day
should call them into service again. As ono
pigeon sometimes deserts tho whole flock
and turns back on a solitary flight, some
presentiment caused one of these sea ushers
to leave tho train and spread her great
white wings fora lonely sail down the At
lantic coast. Tho lust feeble rays of tho set
ting sun were skimming over tho treated
waves of tho ocean, and tho canvas of the
pilot-boat Jane was clothed with a kind of
i purplish hue, causing her to appear liko
1 some great spirit moving over tho waters.
Farther down the coast a huge black ship
with a white belt running around her hull
just above the water-mark, and tho mouths
of numerous black ennnou opening at her
port-holes, was steaming along on her jour
ney, toward tho Western metropolis. Tho
keen eve of the captain of tho pilot-boat
sighted her, and it was not long before he
had borne down on her port side and in
dicated a willingness to convey her into
harbor. The black ship gave tho welcome
signal, and soon the winged craft was ruu
iniiir alongside tho swarty stranger.
“Ship ahoy!” shouted Captain Hopkins,
of the pilot-boat. “Is that the Svetlana
Yes, sir, replied a very tall young man.
tho officer of the watch, who had advanced
to the end of the bridge, and whoso lignre
looked like that of a giant against tho dimly
lichted horizon. Tho black leviatkin, which
was noother than the Admiral’s Hag-ship of
the Kussiau squadron, immediately shat off
steam, a boat was lowered from tho pilot,
and Captain Hopkins went aboard to take the
wheel. The Svetlana was then fifty miles to
thcsouihwardof Sandy Hooke. A few hoars
later she was anchored outside the bar,where
she remained for the night. Tho pilot-cap
tain, having brought the man-of-war in
safety to the harbor entrance, left his post
at the wheel mid sought to make himself
agreeable to the officers and crew. After
looking about in vain to find a young man
whose abundance of gold lace might indi
cate to this son of tho republic that he had
discerned the Grand Duke Alexis, tho Cap
tain of tho pilot boat whispered .to a mid
shipman and asked how ho would bo able to
catch u glimpse of His Imperial Highness.
-Ho yon see that young Lieutenant stand
ing there, playing with tho handle of his
dirkT” asked tho midshipman.
“That tall young fellow there with a blue
coat and gold buttons T Of course I do. But
that ain’t the Grand Duke; he’s the
tlmt'was on watch when I boarded your
He’s a good-looking fellow, and was very
civil toTue, but he ain’t the Grand Duke
Alexis, the son of tho Czar, that they’ve been
making so much fuss about.”
“Certainly, ho is,” said tho midshipman:
“ho is a Lieutenant nuder tho Admiral, and
ho happened to have the watch when you
spoke us to night.”
Tills Uoiro ukUuuclMil Uic n»mi»ic-illluucu
pilot, who had expected to see the Grand
Duke appear in gorgeous attire, surrounded
by a body-guard.
Night closed in and tbe Svetlana rested till
morning, lying on the l Haco of the dark
water,while her men enjoyed h peaceful rest
within easy range of the i.acrican shore.
At aboat 11 o’clock preparations wore made
to take the'vessel over the bar and anchor
her inside the Hook along with other vessels
composing tho squadron. Tho tide was then
about flood, so, in tho opinion of Captain
Hopkins, this was the most doslrable. time
for accomplishing tho movement. Divine
service, which has been celebrated on board
since tbe vessel left Madeira, was for
the first time omitted. At -11:30
everything was in readiness, steam was up,
the screw of tho huge leviathan began to
turn, tbe Svetlana was soon underway. Half
an hour brought her abreast of the Iroquois,
the whole of tho crow climbing in tbe rig
ging to obtain a good view of the 'Kassian
vihitor. It may hero be remarked that tho
wildest enthusiasm prevailed among the
Americans when they learned of the arrival
of tho Svetlana, so tirod had they become of
the monotonous life thatthey have boon lead
ing for tho last six weeks. Passing immedi
ately astern of her consorts, tho Abrouk and
the Bogatire, her anchor was dropped, at a
distance of about three hundred yards to tho
extreme left of the Abrcck, Tho position
of the fleet therefore at present is the Con
gress, Severn, Kansas, .and Iroquois, in line,
their heads pointing towards New 'York.
Directly aslom Uo the Bogatire, stUl with
her mamtopmasts housed, tho Abrock, who
returned to her position late last evening
after having taken in a supply of coal, and
the Svetlana, with tho Commas on liar star
hoarf how, some 200 yards distant. .1 he
ccmSitiou of tho .hist arrival, ns she
bKnmed past the American bauadron
wS rather rigidly criticised by tho American
wtw™ the scnoral impression h,iiip tlmt
she would unprovo in appearamjb before
ft! Innse of twontj'-fonr liours. Ilcr mon
appeared to bo almost tired out, the
were unusually discolored for a man-of-war.
the guns seemed to want burnishing, and
altogether tho Svetlana
orablv in her general aspect with the
cans.* Still, however, sho dropped into her
position easily, which manoouvro mi no
sooner accomplished than tlm n.i 0 4
Vice-Admiral Kowan was hoisted at
ihc main of the. Svetlana, and fifteen gum*
THE CHICAGO TEIBUNE: THUESDAT, NOYEMBBE 23. 18717
fired in it a honor. This pieccof naval etiquette
vaa answered promptly by tbo Congress,
who immediately ran tbo Russian flag to tho
mam peak, and forthwith fired a salute to
the Russian Admiral. Tho exhibition of
these Individual honors was sncccded.by tho
exchange of national conrtcsies, n royal sa
lute of twenty-one guns being lired by the
Svetlana, in honor of tho American nation.
Tho Congress was not lacking in paying her
respects, for soon her guns boomed forth
their welcome to the Russians. It will bo
noticed that none of the above salutes wore
given in honor of tho Grand Duko, naval eti
quette providing that no recognition shall
be taken of any officer, save by the rauk ho
holds, and not until, should he bo of roval
blood, bo boists tbo royal standard. No
honors will therefore be paid to tbo Grand
Duke personally, until be leaves tbo gang
way ol tbo Svetlana, and descends tbo lad
der to tbo Captain's launch, to bo rowed
ashore, at which time tbo Russian royal
standard will bo hoisted in tbo bow of the
boat and a royal salute bo fired to bis Impe
rial Highness.
No sooner bad tbo smoko cleared away yes
terday morning than the launch, with the
Admiral's Aid on board, left tho side of tho
Congress and pulled directly for the Svet
lana, when, after saluting the officer at the
gangway, the Aid- proceeded to the state
room and bad an audience with tbo Russian
Admiral. After stating that the object of hia
visit was to congratulate tbo Russian Admi
ral on bis safe arrival, be formally invited
the Russian officers to accept tbo hospitalities
of the Congress whensoever they should have
occasion. Although a religious nation, orders
were given for painting the- bull of the
Svetlana at once, and to put her in decent
trim lor theredeption to-morrow. Parties of
men were also piped offto’burnish the brass
mountings and brighten the guns. Owing
to the soft coal burned by tbo Russians, the
deck of tbo Svetlana was in a decidedly
soiled condition, but matters were soon set
right by the Lose being brought into rennis
tion. After this tho men were seat below,
and having performed their ablutions forth
with appeared on deck in holiday cos
tume. In little knots of two or three they
congregated in tbefoiepart of the ship in
tently eying the many visitors who stepped
abroad the Svetlana during tho day. As may
bo imagined, not many hours hud elapsed
before the Catalpa, tho Northerner and the
Charm wore alongside the late arrival, seek
ing to know if they needed stores of any de
scription. -Peterson, tho ship chandler, was
promptly in attendance, and as tbo
early bird gets’ tbo worm, so this: en
terprising caterer obtained orders for
largo quantities of provisions. Beef s aud
bread appeared to be their mostly needed
wants, and a good supply of lager beer is to
bo placed on board, the Russian admiral hav
iua determined to allow bis men to partake
of tbo luxuries offered by New York rddxing
their stay there.
By l o'clock, at which time the salute was
fired, tho deck of the Svetlana presented one of
the roost motley things that can pbssiblv bo
imagined. From the General Adjutant Vic©
Admiral down to tho i and
even lower still, tho boatswain and boats
wain's mate, every man's breast was ablaze
with gold or silver trappings audluoo. The
horse-soldier's forming the Prince's laud
body-guard also mingled with the crowd,
and only helped to give tbo assembly moro
the aspect of a diplomatiorecoptiouat Wash
ington than the quarterdeck of tho Russian
frigate Svetlana. Each officer appeared de
sirous of exhibiting a greater blaze of. laco
than his neighbor, and what ono man lucked
on bis tunic another would show on bis
pants. If these latter articles failed to be
oniamensed with the regulation quantity,
the want seemed to be supplied by a huge
bunch of cock’s feathers m the shako and
a gigantic pair of spurs. All the officers
carried short dirks in their belts,, similar
to those formerly worn iu tbo American
navy. These were both handsome and costly,
the handles in manj* cases being formed of
solid gold. Though not possessing the sumo
amount of nattiness as tbo American uni
forms. tho Russians* nevertheless, compare
favorably with their foreign cousins. The
only portion of tbo dross that strikes an
American as being peculiar is tho cap, which
at first strikes one as being clumsy and cum
bersome. Sncb, howevor, cannot bo the
case, for the adroitness and dexterity with
which tho Russians remove their bead-gear
is truly remarkable. The unlimited amount
of cap-lifting gone through something
marvellous. By far the larger number of
officeis belong to the family of blondes, and
are remarkable for their neatly-trimmed
whiskers and moustaches. Their tooth possess
a dazzling whiteness, and in physique a stur
dier and broader.eliestedset oi men aro seldom
seen. But few of tbo officers and none of
tbo men are able to converse in English, al
though tho Grand Duko uses that language
villi perfect facility. Striding tho deck,
likea giant among pigmies, was Alexis, chat
ting and laughing with his brother officers in
n perfectly unaffected manner. He seomod
to eschew gold luce or finery of any kind, his
tunic and pants setting an examine of neat
ness and plainness. Ho is inclined to bo
fair, with blue oyos, side whiskers, aud car
ries a pnir'of shoulders worthy of any lieu
tenant bearing tho Czar’s commission. Ho
stands hia watch with the'’' others',
and, in fact, is exempt from no! duty
that is performed by his brother
•officers. ’The only exception made in his
favor is that he docs not mess with the Lieu
tenants hut dints with tho Admiral. To this
party are almost. daily added guests from
among tho officers, who received invitations
to ho present. Tim sailors do not indulge in!
tho mastication of the Indian weed, neither- i
is Jamaica rum largely imbibed, a modest
supply of Russian schnapps being tho only
stimulant taken on board.- Daring the after
noon men were suspended over tho sides
painting tho bulwarks, and otherwise put
ting her into holiday trim, while on board
all the brass knobs were gradually becoming
brighter under the determined application
of a little Russian elbow-grease.
One of the most picturesque sights on hoard
was the little glass case containing tho em
blems used by the chaplain to represent tho
altar. These consisted of gold and silver
plate and an imago of the virgin Mary with
the infant Savior in her aims. The whole
was placed on tho gun.deck, and served as a
great attraction to the sight-seers.
Of course, ut cither end of tho frigate were
stationed sentinels, who, with their muskets
at the present,” stood immovable statues.
At 1 o’clock p. m. the steamer Andrew
Fletcher, belonging to the Stale, and detail
ed to do service for Dr. Carnochau, the Health
Officer of tho port, was lying np at thc'Bat
tery, waiting to convey the Kussian Legation
down the hay to where the Svetlana was an
chored. The diplomatic officers arrived and
went on hoard,after haviugwalkcdacrossthe
Battery green, and attracted a largo crowd
of spectators by their gold and silver lace
nuiloniis. Tho delegation consisted of the
Itussian Minister, Mr. Catacazy: Consul-
General Bodisco; Secretary of tho Legation,
Guicral Garlofl and the second Secretary
of tho Legation. Tho latter carried the
budget of official despatches for the Admiral
and the letters for tho Graud Duke. Tho
legation were at once shown into tho ladies’
cabin by the captain, of whom they made
one request, and that ■was that he should
put on all steam and convey them to the
Svetlana ns quick ns possible. Mr. Catacazy
never looked mom serenely happy than when
he stood before the mirror in the cabin and
surveyed bis own Imago as fitted out to
receivo the sou of His Imperial Highness tho
Czar of Russia. His sword dangled'at his
side, and his white leather trousers with
their cold stripe gave him a military aspect.
Tho Russian Ambassadors flag was hoisted
at tho fore, the stars and stripes wore run up
at tho stern, aud the Fletcher steamed away
doing her very best. Tho diplomatic corps
called in their valet, had their mautles put
over their bright uniforms, and then passed
the time walking on the hurricane-deck until
the steamer reached quarantine, where Dr.
Carnochan and Dr. Mosher were taken on
board. Just before tho Fletcher reached the
Svetlana tho members of the legation re
paired to the cabin aud put on the finishing
touches to their toilet, preparatory to meet
ing the Grand Duke, The Minister and Con
sul General secured their swords to their
sides, buttoned their white kids, aud stood
ready to bo transferred to the other vessel.
As they neared tbo Svetlana and saw the
familiar scenes that were being enacted on
her deck, tboy could not suppress their amo
tion. Tho Russian Admiral’s flag was living
from tho foretop, and the national’ standard
floated from her lunin-peaic. As the Fletcher
came to stop, the. sentries of the Svetlana'
halted and stood at present arms. A compa
ny of marines were drawn up in doable die
along the quarter-deck, their bay
onets being just visible over the
bulwarks. The Admiral’s launch,
manned by fourteen good seamen
and commanded by an intelligent midship
man, was rowed out to tho Fletcher, and as
they stopped under tho lee quarter the Rus
sian Minister, who was standing on deck,
ready to embark, gave a salutation in Rus
sian, which was responded to by-till tho ma
rines together. Tho members of-the lega
tionhaving embarked in tho small boat, tho
commander gave tho order to bank oars, and
then the order to nidi. whereupon tho four
teen blades dropped into the water, producing
one single plash. Mr. Catoeazy ascended the
ladder first, and passed the guards at the
gangway, followed by tho remainder of the
legation. The Captain mot them aud con
veyed them at ouce to Admiral Possnett’s
cabin, where he was writing, together with
the Grand Duke. As tho Russian Ambassa
dor was hoarding the Svetlana, tho Admiral’s
bandplayed a lively march, and as he passed
along the deck three rolls of the drum were
heard, and all the marines saluted.
On descending into the cabin the; Diplo
plotic Corps first saluted the Admiral, but
when it came tq Paying the honors to Adorns.
Mr. Catacazy could not contain himself, ami
embraced the young Prince with; much af
fection. The formal salutations f being all
over, the officers, navid and diplomatic, be
gan to "converse quite freely in Russian, the
visitors making anxious inquiry concerning
the voyage.- Tbo Grand Duke did not wmt
'to answered! tbo questions, but let ’the Ad
miral .iUhu! to his guosts. while he;«nigerlj
opened tho letters from his father apd other
relatives.;-Havinghastilv opened soma of
them he entered into conversation, and said
he had long lieon anxious to this dime. On
being asked whether ho did not tire of tho
voyage and wish hims If book again, he n>-
plied: Oh. not at, all. It was
-tedious times, .but it. was
no more than a sailor may have
to endure at any time. And then, you see. I
loooked forward to this reception, and Uio
ir.ony pleasures I expect to enjoy m
and that drove away all my homesickness.
After-receiving all tbo courtesan at tlio
bundsof tbo Russian Admiral' the* legation
got up to withdraw* and Mr. Caiacazy re
marked that be Imped the weather’would bo
lino on Mommy, us it. would add much to the
effect of the demonstration.
i hope it will bo pleasant indeed,” replica
tho Grand Duke, “but lam afraid we. are
going to baro another northeaster. It’s get
ting very thick olfin the oast,”
General Dodisco having expressed a wish
that the stay of the Graou-Dukeiutliis coun
try would ho protracted longer than at first
announced, Alexis smiled and cast a glance
at the admiral, his superior naval officer.. 1
The legation left the Svetlana at 3:30 p, m.
and returned to the Clarendon Hotel in this
city,
DB. DOLLIKCrEB.
An Intcrrleir wltb Him—llia Position
Toward the Catholic Church—'What
Papal Infallibility Is*
In tho latest of the letters of Mr. John 11.
Francis/ from Europe, to the Troy Thnrs, he
gives tlie following interesting account of an
interview at Munich'with Dr. Dellinger, the
famous leader of the German Catholic re
volt against the dogma of Papal infalli
bility:
lie said the religious movement in which .him
pelf and associates were engaged did not contem
plate a severance from the old Catholic Church.
“If wo were to separate from that Church,” he
remarked, ‘‘we should bo shorn of our power;
we would bo reduced to a mere denomination
like one of your smaller scots In the United
States. Besides, wo are Catholics from
education, svmpathy, and conviction; wo
mean to adhere to the old Church while
waging war against abuses and falsa doctrines
that are attempted to bo engrafted upon it. That
is our position.” But, Doctor,” wo replied,
“you ate, as we understand it, already excom
municated from the church by its recognized
official authority, because you have repudiated
the new dogma of pupal Infallibility; how then
can you maintain your connection with It I”
“The history of the church shows—we. have
plenty of precedents in proof” (ho said),—' u that
un unjust or erroneous sentence of excommuni
cation is of no effect—lt is an absolute nullity.
Why. there is the church in Holland: It has. been
several times' excommunicated, and is now un
der the papal ban, but it Is maintained neverthe
less; it is now stroager than ever, and maintains
its worship in the good oil way. It recognizes
the authority'of the Pope In all things proper,
but refuses assent to that which it deems ira
projHr and wrong. That Is our position. {Wo,
will not bo read out of the church because'wo'
cannot accept Its errors.”
But, then, tho church authorities refuse to fel
lowship with you. Doctor; how are you. then, to
remain united with UI” We act on the delen
blto, ho said, neither by act nor deed shall wc
show that wc are the aggressors, or that wo con
sider ourselves separated from tho mother
church. Now we are denied fellowship. It is true;
but the error of tho present Pope may be correct
ed by his successor.” “But, suppose ills not,'
Doctor!” “Well,-even then, we shall not have a
second Pope, but continue right on the good old
way, recognizing Ids proper authority, but re
fusing assent to errors which conscience and en
lightened civilization condemn. Besides the
shocking dogma of Papal Infallibility, there are
other abases in the bosom of the church which
need to bo extirpated, and zealously laborihg and
earnestly prajing within the fold, wo hope to ac
complish something in tho way of reform.”
“Those engaged in this movement will not be
likely to abandon it then under any circum
stance 1” “It is not probable that, having taxon
my position, an old man almost within sight of
death and the grave, I shall turn ba.*k; others
engaged with me, I nm sure, are quite as' deter
mined and earnest ns 1 am. Austria refuses to
recognize the infallibility dogma. Catholic Ba
varia repudiates it. Do you in the United States
comprehend what that doctrine involves P
earnestly inquired Dr, Bollinger. “it imposes
upon those who accept it the solemn ob
ligation to violate civil law, to set" them
selves in opposition to tho ordinances of
your government whenever tho Pope shall
pronounce his infallible judgment against any
one of these ordinances upon moral or religious
grounds. In a word, it is the assumption of power
on the part of the Pope to proclaim a higher law,
which, according to tho dogma, his children must
obey, though such obedience Involves treason to
the State and the overthrow of your government.
This doctrine is noc only shocking to the moral
sense—lt takes Jus back to the dark ages of the
world, and even a stretch beyond; and it not
only insults tho common sense of the world, but
strikes at tho common civilization of our times.
It cannot and must not prevail.”
The Doctor remarked that there were thousands
of priests who apparently yielded to tho dogma,
but whoso consciences condemned it; hero In
Munich the church owned by tho corporation is
opened to uh, and there wo worship in the good
old way. The government has not yet announced
its decision upon the vital question of tho control
of schools; but, having for itself repudiated tho
Papal dogma, it cannot permit the schools to bo
controlled, in the name of tho church, by those
who teach that false and pernicious doctrine so
dangerous to the integrity of tho State and tho
freedom of the people. The Doctor explained
with reference to tho recent congress hold
here on that subject, that Its main object had
been accomplished, namely, the adoption of a
Just and liberal platform. Every university in
Germany was represented in that congress; it
was a meeting of many of tho ablest minds and
most eminent Catholic teachers and leaders iu
Europe. Views were compared; harmonypro-
Tfulul; details of action have yet to be decided
upon in muny things, and these must await tho
development of events. Tho venerable doctor
wanned up with his subject, and spoke with
great forvor. lie Is evldontiy hopeful as he is
determined. As respects his position hero, tho
fact may be stated that be Is warmly sustained
by tho great university, and since tho proclama
tion of nis views, has urcu elected to the highett
ollicoofthut institution, tho Rectorship, which
corresponds with that of President iu our col
leges.
MILL ON PROTECTION.
The English Philosopher’** Reply (o Gree
ley— Mi* Ticirs on Canadian Political
Economy.
Frtm tho New York Review, Nov. 15.
The regular weekly meeting of the Liberal
Club was held last evening at Plimpton
Hall. The following letter from Joint Stu
art Mill was read;-.
AVIGKOK, Oot. 10,1871.
Dear Mr. Wilcox: From toy delay In ac
knowledging your second letter of April last you
■will probably have inferred quite correctly that
the various criticisms on my free-trade letter,
which you so kindly sent to roe, did not seem to
me of sufficient importance to require that I
should spend valuable time in replying to them.
1 have generally observed that when a writing
has rondo as much impression as could reasona
bly be expected from It (which from what you
tell me my letter appears to have done), the ef
fect is only weakened by returning to
the charge, unless it be to add someth lug
renlly important to thediacusslon. Mr. Greeley’s
objection that the high wages in the United States
cannot be caused by cheap land and sparse popu
lation, since laud Is cheaper and population
sparser in Canada, whoso wages are lower, de
serves notice, both on account of the man and of
the subject. But as it is not pretended that the
effect of these causes in producing high wages
cannot possibly be modified or frustrated by any
thing cite, a free-trader can afford to admit the
fact as stated by Mr. Greeley, It will not be con
tested that wages arc, at all events, much higher
In Canada than in Great Britain. For the rest,
roy knowledge of Canada and iU circumstances
is not sufficient t"> enable mo to explalncverypart
of its economic condition.
I should require to know—
First. Between what parts of Canada and
what parts of the United States the comparison
ns to fund, tmpulation, and wages is made.
Second, whether the wages, said to bo lower
in Canada, aro wages in gold, and assuming that
they are to, ■whether, when compared witn the
prices of articles of consumption, augmented, as
Those prices are, by j*our tariff, they do not ena
ble the Canadian laborer to be fully as well oil as
his neighbor on your side of the frontier)
ISnalhf. If these questions were all resolved In
favor of Mr. Greeley, the only Inference I should
draw is that the arts production nro less advanc
ed and the Tabor of the ceuummlty lees elUoien
in Canada than in tie United States, tho natural
elTict of which would bo to kecpwugcslowerthan
the cirenmetances of tho count!*)*, with respect to
land and population, would otherwise make
them. It should be remembered, also, that
(hs yon observe) Mr. Greeley’s sovereign remedy,
protection,” exists in Canada, though nut to'
the same extravagant pitch aw in the United
States. I observe, oy tho way, that some of the
protectionists newspapers seem to imagine from
the terms iu which I express the opinion that pro
tection hi America is mere do‘option, that E
meant to charge its advocates with being wilful
deceivers. Nothing could be more unjust, more
illiberal, or further from my thoughts, than any
such imputation.
Please present my acknowledgments to the Lib
eral Club for the great honor they nave done to
my letter by giving it bo wldou circulation, and
accept my thanks for all the interesting things lu
your letter. I am, &c., Joun SrcxnT Minu
The IVorih German Bndget.
The annexed details oro from u Berlin let
ter to the London Times
To give you tho principal figures, the em
pire is presumed to expend in 1872,110,500,000
thalers. This sum, it is unnecessary to tell
vour readers, doca not represent the total of
the German budgets, but only the money re
quired for Federal purposes. In addition to
this common outlay there are the local
budgets of the various States, which for the
ensuing vear may he set down at something
like 200*000,000’ thalers, making 370,500,000
thalers the grand total of tho German public
expenditure, tho Jt ederul outlay or iuv>w,-
000 thalers is covered by the customs and
certain indirect taxes, permanently handed
over to the imperial exchequer, us well as by
the direct contributions of the various
States. The regular income of the imperial
exchequer is principally derived from the
following sources _ _
Customs..?. 3.M0.000
Excise on beer —**,ibiS’sS
Excise on spirits *“**^jSw2S
Excite on s».U
Kx<it*on iHreln-ot »n«ar VjvAvSi
Profit* of the Post Office..B,CM).owo
rrol’.tH of the government railways In Alatcc
and Lorraine 3.000.CW)
Wnr indemnity paid to the War 'office for
equipment,....i
Profits of the teleprnpb administration...;—
A ponton of last year's loan slloted to naval
purpOfcCfl... l.tiS^wv
Su-mu duly on bills of exchange 1,M0,W0
Conirllmtfon of the German states not In cl ml
t dtn the Zollrcreln UWMM*
The sums thus accruing run up to 13,000,-
OCO thalers* Accordingly, there remains
52.000. thalers to bo contributed by, tho
cash boxes of the various Suites. This is no
morothan the usual proportion.
Regarding the details of the expenditure,
20.000. thalers (in round numbers! goes to
the army. Five million thalers is allotted to
the navy, a sum which will lust, enable gov
ernment to continue tho works begun in the
military ports of Kiel and Jshdo, and in
crease the navy at the same moderate rate as
hitherto.
—Tho fifth annual convention of architect* ha«
been held at Boston. In hia opening address the
President, Mr. Dpjohn, sketched the growth of
tho society, which now numbered one hundred
and fifty members. Ho considered Itjto bo the
mission of American architects to work os the
educator* of tho future. Ho says: The increas
ed facility of trareliu Europe has created among
our people on intelligent appreciation, of their
works, and they are helped also by the art of
photography.** On the subject of flre-pnoof build
ings, Mr. Upjohn said It was not supposed that
If the, fires In Chicago had originated In tho
buildings supposed to be fire-proof, they would
have failed of their purpose. A building- is.rtu
deivd fire-proof rather by solidity of;construc
tion than merely by being built of firo-proof ma
terials."
—The Vupsar College girls are heavy on prm
dle-cukes." The dimensions of their new griddle
oro ten feet by eight, and its capacity is set down
ut SCO cakes at a single fry.”
COMMERCIAL.
_A VrinsKSDATEtksiso, Wot. JQ,
A ‘P® i ou owmg-were the receipts andbhipmenta
PI9^ UC at this point during the past (prty-.
'SSrJi houl as"/nr pr reported, with the cocres
-1 ponding quantities one j-eaf ago: j
U Hectipts. Shipments,
1871. 1870. 1871. 1870.
nour,lirig. --3,963 s.ui 3,173 2,664
wneatjm 10,040 m.boo 4«,857
X°rn, bu 135405 51,027 ,155,255 30,730
uats, bu 30,857 36.0*2 4,513 78476
we. im v 3.074 3,523 1,200
Harley, bn 11493 4,870 4.C84 18,612
«m«aßCca,n>B... [08,130 21,210 4,684-37,416
Flaxseed, 1b5..., 1... 730
Broom corn, iba. 69,380 74,028 28,000 32.650
L-Utmeatß, lbs... 51,960 44,*90 501,104 508,661
geer, bils 2,130 817 1,870 2,169
Pork, brls 1W 412 607
luUpw, lbs 76,090 6,755 6-.02S -37.801
HUttCr, 50465 32.884 19,600 19460
*"Y e hOCS, N°... 19,400 10.190 5,011 2,574
U1tt10.bf0........ 5470.-2,821 .1,210 265
Si -93,730 72,016 249,016
uj.Vliinjses, brla.. 370 572 216 855
wool,lba 5,010 6.180 102,110
rulntoes, bn...... 6,389 H73 800 352
6489 3,414 985 2,877
ShlUßlCVni 875 1,997 1.023 2,050
W"*. l 155 109 23 227
1 3,000 4,176 1,886
n yesterday lor city consumption—
.497 oil wheat; 661 bu 00m; 2,8*1 ba oats; 799 bu
rjc, and 475 bu barley.
Tne following grain has been Inspected into
store up to io o’clock“this morning: 131 cars
wheat, 430 care, and C,700 bu No. 2 corn: so cars
outs /ft2 car rr®» and CO cars barley. Total, (569
cars) 268,000 bu.
-..TVf Va very fair amount of business tran
sactcd on 'Change to-day. hut a shrinkage In val
vU OT nearly all commodities occurred,^.ami tbo
icuaency is apparently downward. Eastern and
auvlccu were without im>ortant change
iroin ycfiterday.liut the shipping season (by lake)
lls about closed, and ;an accumulation will
naturally follow, which, in connection with the
liberal receipts causes a rather weak feeling to
jTvevail all around.
nighwinca were inactive but firmly held at 880
lor Iron-bound, with buyers at 87 l-2c.
mm© freights were .quiet, firm, and steady at
lie for corn and 12e for wheat to Buffalo. A total
.01 l.chartcre were reported which take out 3.800
‘hn wheat; 86,900 bu corn, and 60)000 bu oats.
Provisions were more active at nominally .un
changed ptlcesr tliough witb a slight variation In
reeling, at times beiugstrong and again weaker,
but closed steady, xbo. sales aggregate tho
largest of the season thus far, and us orders
arc numerous and packers aotive—tbs
weather having changed to quite
cold—lndications are favorable for' renewed; ac
tivity. The market at 1 o'clock was.steady at
'3124712012.40 for spot mess' pork, or seller De
cember; $12.02 1-2*12.65 seller January: $12.73 a
12.85 seller February, and $12.9ja13.u0- seller
March; 81-2ofor spot lard; 81-2o seller Decem
ber; 81-2aß 6-Bc.helfcr January: 8 5-8 c seller Feb
mary. uml 8 3-4aß 7-8 c seller March. Sweet pickled
hams, Baß l-20. Orccu.- meats—Hams,- 61-2*7 l-*o,.
uccoidiog to averages; 31-233 5-3oTor shoulders;
6 l-ius 3-8 for short riba, and 5 l-Bas l-4c for rough
sidts. Boxed meats. (nomlnalH-60 for Cumber
lands; 6 i-4c for short ribs, and 61-2 c .(or short
clear—either cash *or tatnre. Dots ?in
bulk, l-4a3So below' this figure.
Beef product -quotable• at-820.50a21.00 for hams;
stf.coat>.2s for mess; t9.50a10.00 for extra mesa.
Tallow, 8 5-Baß 3-4 c for prime. Sales Include 450
brls cash mess pork at $12.37 1-2); 1,000 brls mess
pork, seller December* at $12.40; 1,000 brls do,
seller January, at $12,621-3; 500 brla do, do. at
$12.60; 2£o brls-do, seller February, at $12.75; 500
brla*.do, do, atsl2.BS; #OO brlado, seller March, ut
$13.00; GOO tes lard, cosh, at 81-2o; go tea do, do,
at 84Mc; *1,250 tes do,’ seller- December, at 81-20;
200 tes do) seller tho year, at 8 l-2c; 500 tes, do,
teller February, at 8 5-8 c; 600 tes do, seller 1 De
cemlier and January, at 8 l-2o; 20,000 lbs green
horns at7l-4c; 40,000 lbs do at 7c; 1,000 tes sweet
pickled atßl-4o; 170,000 lbs grocn shoulders at
8 1-2 c; 140,000 lbs do at 3 5-8 c; 60.000 lbs do, cured,
ot 4 1 fc; 20.000 lbs do, 20 days old,at 4o; 100,000 lbs
do, 20 ditys old, seller December, at 4c; 600,000 lbs
do, seller. January, ■at 4 l-8c: 100,000 lbs green,
clear ribs, bulked incurs, at 5 3-8 c; 60,000 lbs green
short clear at 6 5-80, cosh; 250 boxes do, seller
December, at 61-20; 20.000 lbs beef hams at $20.50;
100 pkgs prime packers' tallow at 8 3-4 c; 100 pkgs
yellow grease at 6c.
Flour was quiet at about previous prices. There
were several buyers in tho market looking at
camples, but they generally bid ligoroa 250 per
barrel below holders* views, and as tho latter
were unwilling to meet tbo former, transactions
were nesoesarliy restricted. Tho sales comprised
100 brls white western extras at $7.75; soo brls do
on p. t.; 100 brls spring extras (Floyd) at $3.00;
200 urls do (Minn.) at $6.75; 100 brls do (second) at
$5.00; 100 brls do (low) nt $5.00; 100 brls dout $5.00;
so brls do nt $5.75; 100 brls do ut $6.00; 300 brls do
on p. t.; 40 brls spring superfine* at $4.00; 10 brls
buckwheat at $4.00.
Wheat was quiet at about yesterday's range of
prices. OuUido of speculators, there was very
little disposition to operate; shippers hoMlugolf,
and millers wanting very little, so that t here was
nothing to create activity, us Urn speculators
were not anxious to buy or sell any largo
amounts at tho current figures. Telegrams fr*»m
other markets quoted no change, and. taken alto
gether. u very quiet day was passed. Early, a
few sales of car-lots of strictly fresh No. 2 spring
sold at $1.211-4, receded to, and closed at, $1.21.
Regular was dull at 51.201-2a1.20 8-4. Seller tbo
month about the same as regular soot; seller
December) j $1.21 1-4&1.21 7-B—closing at
1.21 6-8 bid; seller January, 1.23 l-2a
1.23 3-4. No. 1 and tho lower grades wero dull.
Sales include 1,200 bu No. 1 spring at $1.25; 800 bu
do at $1.251-2; 400 bu do at sl-26 5,400 bu No. 2,
regular, at $1.201-2; 15.000 bu do at 6120 5-8; 10,000
bu dout $1.20 3-4; 25,000 1m do, winter receipts, nt
$1.21; 8,000 bu do do at. $1.21 IS; 24.000 bu do do
at $1.211-1; 8.4W) bu No. 3at $1,12 1-2; 400 bu reject
ed at $1.05. Total, 98,600 bu.
Corn wus active and declining. -Tho new crop
is pouring In upon us in liberal proportions, and
all speculators are anxious sellers for luturo de
livery at the prices current, all appearing to
think that the bottom is not yet touched. Ship
pers wore buying to a modera’e extent, though,
the change In tho weather bids fair to put a
stop to water navigation, and the railroads have
not, for the timo Doing, tbo facilities to moot tho
demands. Reports from nearly all points in corn
growing districts indicate large shipments tn thu
market, but unless tin? prices react shortly the
receipts will undoubtedly fall off, as tbo prices
now current are not very profitable to producers.
Early in tho day a few cars of No. 2 chaugcdhands
at 413-4 c, but dropped to 410 before noon,
and at this figure the bulk of the sales were made,
thouch a fow cars were disposed of at 41) 3-40,
closing at 41a4l l-4c. Seller tho month dull at
40 s-4a 41c. Seller April was offered ut 43u, and
seller Mav at 46 1-20. Rejected was active at
39 1-2040 l-2c. Yellow dull at 423 In special bin.
Ear corn sold to tho extent ot. 10,000 tm at 42e, on
track, delivered at stock yards, seller-all next
mouth. Canal corn dull nt 42 l-2o for No. 2.afloat.
Buies Include 16,800 bu No 2at 40 3-4o; 128,400 bu
do at 411-2 c: 12,200 bu do at 411-4; 6,400 bu do at
41 3-8 c; 36.000 bu do at 41 1-20; 2,000 bu do at
413-4 c; 4,800 bn rejected at 39 l-2c; 2,030 ba do at
39 3-4 c; 8,400 bu do at 40c; 25,200 bu do at 40 l-4o;
400 bant 40 l-2c; 1,200 bu yellow at 420; 1 boat
canal No. 2 at 421-20. Total. 212,800 bu.
Oats were In moderath request, but the market
cannot bo quoted better than quiet. Buyers bid
the prices of yesterday, but holders insisted on
an advance, and this restricted trading.; Spot
No. 3 sold at 20 l-2aSlo, and. rejected at 37 I-2a2sc—
closing at the outside. Seller December quiet at
sic, and January at 320. Sales Include 6,000 bu
No. 2at on i-2o 7,800 bu do at 30 3-(0; 10.300 bu do
ot3lc; l.soobu rejected at37X-2o; 2,400 budout
280. Total, 34,200 bu.
Bye was dull and lower, under a limited de
mand. ana prices were little better than nominal
—closing at 611-30 for No. 3. and 61c for No. a.
Cash sales were: 2,400 bu Nos. and 2at 6lo; 400
bu do at Cl l-2c. Total, 2,800 bu.
Barley was freely offered, for future delivery,,
at inwdo yesterday’s Ogurca—a preconcerted
movement on the part of the bears—and wo note
a decline of 2c per bushel—closing at 611-2 i >ic
for No. 2, and Coas2c for No. 3. Seller December
sold at cm curly, and at G2o later; and seller Jan
uary, 64 l-2e to C 2. Cash sales were: 6,000 bu
No. 2at 62c 1,600 bu do at 621-2 c; 800 ba do at
r»3c MOlm do at 63 l-so 409bnNo. 3 at 50c; aw
bn do at C2e; 800 bu do at 52 l-2c; lOObu rejected
at 4tc 1,200 bu at 45c. Total. 11,600 hu.
Chicago Daft? ITlarkct.
Wednesday, Nov. 22.
BUTTER—Nothing now was developed in the
tutu ket for tliia commodity, a fair demand exist*
ing ut prices that have been current for a fort*
night past. Of low grades there Is some accumu
lation. hut of strictly choice qualities the market
is krpt bare. We continue to quote Choice
dairy* 23025 c; good to choice tub and firkin, It
alfcc; common grades, lOalSc.
BAGGING—Tbo movement was light to-day,
and prices were steady and uniform. Orders
were being filled at the following quotations:
Stark, S6c; Lewiston, 340: American, Si 1-26; Min
nesota, 30c; burlaps, bags, 21 X-2a220; gunules, 17
&3Rc; wool sacks, 67c.
BUILDING MATERIALS—Remain Ann at un
changed prices. We quote: Stucco. 52.50aJ.00;
cement, fi.TB; llmo In bulk, #1.28; white land, per
brl. 53.00a3.25; plastering hair, per ba, 35»4uc; Hr©
brick, per 1,000, 540.00aw.00; building brick, SU.OO
alfi.co; fire clay, #4.00a5.00 per brL
BEANS—Were in demand at former rates, or at
SI.GTaI.TS for common, and at 12.0CM2.G0 for good to
choice band picked.
BROOM CORN—la very dull for small lota
offering hero and quotations cannot bo obtained:
but cn order lots the quotations given represent
abouttbo market: Old. SIOO OOiiUO.OO; new, 5150.00
a200.0O; choice hurl, 9200.00aJ40.00.
COOPERAGE— Quotations unchanged at 51.70
a 1.75 for pork brls; 53.00a3.10 for lara tea: 92.21 a
2.25 for beef tea; 52.00a2.10 for whiskey brls 50a
57c. for flour brla. Stave# and heading are quoted
at 5i8.00a20.00 per II for pork and $25.00a25.00 per
M for wblakev brls and tea.
ouekbe —Tho clicctsc trade was again reported
quiet, without visible change in values, the fol
lowing bcingtbe ruling prices: New York factory,
15a16c; Ohio factory, 1 Salle; Western do, 13;vUo,
COAL—There was an active demand from local
consumers, and prices were atiff. Wo quote:
Lehigh. prcpared.Slo.oo; Lackawanna, 92.00; Erie,
#9XO; Briar Hill, #0.00; Walnut Hill. 98.60; In
diana, 17.60; Hocking Talley, #9.00; Wilmington,
#5.60.
CIDER—Was In good request and waa more
firmly held, na the offerings were light. Wo
quote at 55.50a6.00 per brL
EGGS—Were firm at a slight advance. There
was a good demand and tales were effected at
2SASOC.
DRIED FRUITS—This markotr remains firm
at unchanged prices, tho following be
ing current: Dates, 9 l-2a!o l-3o;-flgs,
drums, iea2oo; figs, box* 30a230; Turkey
prunes, DalOc; French do, lialSo; raisins, old,
95.00a5.15; do new, 54.00a4.18; blackberries,
lOalBe; pitted sherries, 88a40o; peaches, pared,
24a25c; peaches, halves, 9 l-3alol-2#; currants
9 l-3aloi-2c; apples, new. Southern, 8 l-2aS 1-20,
do now Western, liaise.
FISH—Met with a good demand both on local
and interior account, and the market was quoted
firm for all descriptions. We repeat oar
list as follows: No. 1 whlieflah, 94«76a£b0; No. 3
5«.26a4j0: No. 1 shore mackerel, Sl0.00al0.25;
No. bay. 5&6059.00: No. 2 mackerel. S8.ooa8.50; No.
l shore kits, 92.00a2.10; No. 1 bay, 9Usoal^o: fam
ily kits, 9i.iQai.is; bank cod; 9C.00aA50; George's
cod, #7.00*7.60; box herring, No. 1, 40ai»o; box
herrings, scaled, itasoo. California salmon, half
hrl.SlQ.6oall.oo.
GREEN FRUITS—Apples were firmer. The
supply of choice winter fruit is light and prices
are tending higher. Cranberries are
also firm and in good demand.
We quote: Apples on track, 91.60a3.60; from
store, 51.75a3.P0. Cranberries. 59.00a1L60 for wild,
and tis.orai4.no for sultl rated. Lemons, 9T.00a7.50.
GROCERIES—Refined sugars were scarce and
-Ulmer, with which exception the market ruled
steady. We make no change in oar quotations,
as follows
Coffees—PrimoTUo coffee. If l-2a20 l-2c; shoice
do, 20 i-2a2l i-2c; O. O. Java, 29a3l 1-3; Singapore,
565251-2e; Costa Rico, 23 l-2a34 l-20.
Rice—Rangoon. 71-2a7 8-*o; Patna, Ba3l-2o;
Carolina, 81-2*B 3-4 c.
gUCAEs—Asugar, 131-Bal2l-4o; B do, 117-8al3o;
C do, 113-Baii»-4c; choice brown. 103-B*lli-4o:
fair do, 10010 l-2c; molasses do, aaiocj
Brum'S—Common iuoloskjs 50a350; Porto Rlso
molasses, 4SaSOc; New Orleans Toa76c; good sugar
house syrup. 40aC0c; extra. 60a05e;> silver drips,
extra fine, EOaSGo; Diamond, 11.25a1.30.
6PICE3— Allspice, 14u15c; clove*. oa&-
Bia. 45048 c; pepper, 25a240; nutmeg*. 9i.20a1.23.
BOAPS—French mottled, 6 3-ta7<*; standard,
61-4b63-4c; German mottled, 61«4a6tM0; eraslve
6 5-4 acc; brown Windsor, 41-304 3-401 palm, 4a
41-20.
T.CTVTO
6,000
STARCH—GIoss,'B 8-4*300; com, lOalO l-2o;
laundry, Ci*2a7o: commpn*.Ca6 Ho, ;j
SEEDS—The demand for timothy was good*
still buyers were unwilling to pay tho prices
naked and we note a reduction of lOalfic In conse
quence; salesearly vero at #3.76a2A0 lor prime,
but were stronger later at #2.87 l-2a190; clover
ruled steftdyand firm at #3XO.
BAI/T—Market steady and firm: -Baginaw,flhe,
#2.35 per brl; Onondaga, fine, #3.40 per brl; coarse,
#2.85 per brl; Coarse, diamond C, #2.40 per brL
HAY—The offerings fell short of the dcmand,and
prices were firm at the late advance. We quote
the wholesale prlcespaM by dealers os follows: On
track—Timothy, pressed. #l4.Ooalfi.Oo; prairie,
pressed, lio.ooall.to. On wagon—Timothy, loose,
512.00a13.50; prairie, loose, 89.00011.00. For de
livery of pressed hay, #1.0001.60, according to dis
tance.
HlDES—There was a fair movement in hides
at about former rates. Wo quote: Green
salted light, 11 l-2c: do. heavy.lo l-2c: murrionkip,
111-2 c; veal kip. Ho; green calf, 17c; 'dry
calf, 2f>o; dry flint, 19o20o; dry salted, 15a17c; dry
kip, 22c: deacons, 60a05c; scored, out, or other
wise damaged, two-thirds price.
IRON—Trade was reported active at the follow
ing prices: Common Oar 3 He; horse shoe
Iron, 6 Ho 6 5-8o; heavy band 4 3-4a6 l-2o;
hojp and light band. 6 Ha 6 Ho; round
and square, 4ac l*4c; oral, saß i*3o; half oval and
half round, 5 l-2a61-4o; sheet iron, common, 5 i*2a
Gl*4o; sheet iron, galvanized. 17018; 13 l-2a!9 Ho;
sheet iron, charcoal, 81*2ol3Ho; sheet iron.
Juniata. io-i-2all He.
LEATHER—No new features were noted in tho
leather market. Atmoderato business] is doing
at the following range of prices:-
HmxocK—City harness, union, S7aSBo; city
harness, srasso; country harness, S4a36c; line, city,
per lb, 39a450; kip, per lb, 80ca#1.00; kip, veals,
51.00al.15; city upper, No. 1, per ft, 36a390; city
upper, No. 3, peril 25a27c; country upper. No* i,
21a27c; collar, per ft. 2lo23o; calf, city, 51.25a1.45
colt, country, H.10a1.25; rough upper, 11 to 13 lbs,
3£u370; rough upper, 14 to 18 lbs, 52a340; rough
upper, damaged, 2SaSOc: Buffalo slaughter sole,
saassc.
Oak—Slaughter sole, 40a45c; Philadelphia sole,
4Sa4Cc; huruuss, per lb, 36a48c; kin, light, ll.OOa
1.15; kip. No. 1, medium, 80ca#1.00; sap, heavy, 75-
85c; American calf, 32 lbs, 5i.25a1.45; French caif,
28 lbs. t1.80a2.35; French calf, 30 1b 3. #I.GOa2J2O:
French kip, 60 to 100 lbs, ti.oonl.6S; French calf,
Lcmoyne, per doz. 565.00a90.00: French calf, Jodot,
#70.00ai00.000.
LAKE FREIGHTS—Rates orb again higher! at
lie on corn, 12c ou wheat, and 7 i-2o on outs: to
Buffalo. Engagements wero: To Buffalo—Prop
Blanchard, corn on p. t.; schr Mechanic, corn 1 at
llo; Annie Vonght, wheat at 12o Onondaga, outs
at 7 l-2c. To GoUlngwood—A. J. Rogers, bora at
loe. To Eric—Goldhnutcr, corn on. p. t.
METALS AND TINNERS* STOCK—Remain flna
and unchanged: t
Tnc—Box tin plate, IC, 10x14, $11.00; roofing C,
#10.50; largo pigs, 45c; small pigs, tin,' 460; bar
tiu, 470,
CorPßß—Copper bottoms, 330; braziers, over
12 lbs, 340; tiu copper, 330.
Sheet Zinc—First quality, cask, 10 l-2o; first
quality sheet, lie; slab zinc, do.
Wire— 2 to 6, Oo; 6,8 and 9,10 c; 10 to 11, Ho 13,
12 l*2c; 13 and 14, 121-2o; 15 and 16,14 c; IT. 15c; 18,
16c: 19 10c; 20,10 c; full bundles 20 per cent off.
NAILS—Were in demand at #4.50 rates, where
tho market remains firm: 10 to cod per keg, #4.50;
8d ;tcr keg, #4.76; 6d per keg, #5.00; 4d per kog,
#5.25; 3d, per keg, (6.00; fine 3d, per keg, #7.23; blue,
,2d. eoumoD, per keg, #7.25.
OILS—No change of importance was noted! in
tho oil market. A fair business was done at xhe
annexed prices: Carbon, 25025 l-2o; extra winter
lard. 83085 c; No. 1 current make,73a7so; No. 2
do, Csc; lim-ccd, raw, 80o; do boiled, SSo; whale,
#1.00; sperm, $2.15 neatsfout oil, 51.00a!25;
honk oil, coanso; straits, 70o; elephant oil 950;
turpentine, 7Ga77c.
POTATOES—TIio market was firmer and high*
cr, choice lots from store selling at #1.00u1.05.
Common mixed lots wero offering ut 80a85o. Ou
Track—Common mixed, Gsa73c; straight lots, 85a
950. From Store—Common. 75a 85o; choice, 930 a
#1.05.
POULTRY AND GAME—Was plenty and in
demand at' about former "prices, sales
being effected at .the following range: fa.soa
8.00 for chickens: f1.50a3.00 for ducks; f4.(XU
4.25 for prairie chickens; f1.50ri.75- for quail;
lOall i-2c per lb for lire turkeys; 12a12 l-2ot for
dressed.
TEAS—The demand continues and prices
are very linn. We quote: ronng Hyson, common
te fair, «oa6sc; good, 70aS0o; choice to
extra, 11.59a1.40; superior to due old
hyson, DOcafi.lO; common Imperial, 75a900;
good to oholco do, 90caf1.15; fine to good gun
powder, SOcafl.oo: choice to extra, 51.35a1.45:
choice to extra leaf Japan, fl.ooal.io; fair to good
do, 70a90o; colored natural leal Japan* 60ar0o;
common to line Oolong, COoCCo; good, 70oS0o;
choice to extra, 90caf1.25.
WOOD—Was in good request' at unchanged
prices: Beech, f 10.00!: maple, fU.OO; hickory,
fia.oo: slabs, fC.SO, delivered.
WOOL—The wood market was quoted fairly
active and steady. We repeat our list
of prices as follows: Tub-washed, 60.V750
tine fleece, washed, 48aS0c; medium fleece,
washed, CsaC2e; coarse fleece, washed. 570; un
washed, coarse, 40a440; unwashed, medium, ssa
n420; unwashed, flue, 85a38c; combing, washed.
6Ta6io: combing, unwashed, 45a470. Wool In bad
condition, and hall-washed, in proportion.
CMcos* lire Stocltßlarket*
Wednesday, Nor. 23.
The following rrero the receipts ol lire stock
during the -week up to this evening:.
Cattle, JloffS, Sheep.
2,024 11,982 217
2,370 19,403 307
2,200 19,000 500
Monday.....
Tuesday.....
Wednesday/
Total 7,194 60,335 1,054
•ame time last ■week... 7,179 48,009' 1,787
The following wore the shipment*
Cattle. Hogg. Sheep.
436 2,002
1,210 6,011
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
T0ta1..... I.G4S 7,678
CATTLE—It was on exceedingly dull clay In
tills department of tho live stock market. Tho
receipts were light, and comprised only a limited
number that were really suitable for shipment
East, but the reported decline of in’ Now
York and Buffalo had the effect to check
movements of shippers, so that small as was the
uuu-uull tUo offer lugs WOm tuhen,
although holders in their anxiety to close ou:
were willing to further slmdo prices
to the extent of l-Bc. There was
not a half dozen Eastern buyers In attendance,
and, in the absence of any competition, trading
was extremely slow. This was tho condition of
tho market for tho better grades of stock. For
common and medium descriptions tho state of
the market was even more unsatisfactory. Tho
fresh receipts were largely composed of.such,
■while there were between 2,000 and 3,000 stalo
cattle—some of them held over from day to day
since Thursday and Friday of last week—nono
of which would grade above medium.
For these there wore anxious sellers, but no buy
ers at yesterday's prices, and tho reported sales
would indicate u further reduction of l-80. Tho
average quality was poor, though there, were a
lew droves that were really good. Sales wore
ehicily at $2.60a3.25 for common to good. stackers;
SZCOaI.OO for inferior to good butchers* stock, ou
local account; $i.25ai.50 for common to fair sbip
.plng beeves, and at $4.75a5.00 for good smooth
wolt-fattcd steers. A few choice found buyers at
(g.12 1-2q6.2G. The market closed dull and de
pressed.
CLOSUtO PRICES.
Extra—Graded steers, averaging 1,400
lbs and npwara 15.50a3.75
Choice Beorea—Fine, fat, /wall-formed 8
to 6 year old steers, and averaging 1,300
to 1,400 lbs
Good Beeves—Well-fattened, llnely-form
steens, averaging 1,100 to 1,250 lbs 4.50&4.75
Fair Grades—Fair steers,in fair flesh, av
erasing i.oso to 1.900 lbs 4.00a4.25
Medium Class—Medium steers and good
cows for city slaughter, averaging 600
to 1.100 lbs 8.0004.00
Stock Cattle—Common cattle in decent
flesh, averaging 7UO to 1,050 lbs 2.50&3.60
Inferior—Light and thin cows and steers 2.00*3.25
CATTLE SALES TO-DA*.
17 fat ronghlsh steers.
■lti butchers’ cattle....
14 common oxen.
15 butchers’ stock.
20 butchers’. stock.
33 Texas cattle.
IS botchers' stock.
43 stock steers.
I*J stock steers W3 3.371
15 rough fleshy steers 1,203 4£5
33 rouch ileshy steers 1.205 -L2>
SO choice smooth steers v .......1,364 6.25
09 goo<l smooth steers 1,333 4.65
31 good smooth steers 1,203 4.75
36 good smooth steers 1,317 4*.■»
33 good smooth steers 4^i
Isiec<ling steers 1,070 3.<5
110 thin Texas cattle BS3 -.3*1
18 medium steers. l»i?-
77thin Texas cattle 083 —Bii
HOGS—Trad© [opened with considerable spirit
this morning, and up to near mlddoy yesterday a
prices were thoroughly sustained. Packers and
shippers competed, and soles were readily effect
ed at f3.80ai.10 for common to strictly choice, out
kubsenuently there was a lull "In trade, and
before the ©loss prices had shaded off fully 60,
and many remained in the pens unsold. A few
extra brought f4.12 l-2a4.15, but the bulk of the
business wus transacted at prices ranging down
ward from fi.OO— chiefly at f5.85a4.00. The mar
ket closed dull and hoary at f5.75a5.80 for com
mon, f3.85a8.&0 for medium to good, and at t3.90a
i.05 for good to choice. Extra may bs quoted at
£4J0a4.12 1-9.
HOC SALES TO-DAT.
Xo. Ar. Price. JV’o. .4r. Price. bo. Ar. Price.
50 310 (7) 95 103 840 4.00 60 339 3.95
63 200 U. 90 100 292 4.00 44 357 4.10
65 301 3.85 104 801 1.00 6G 23X 3.83
67 2£3 3.90 47 323 4.121 WO 384 3.05
48 2CC 3.8S 43 345 4.10 CO 209 3,90
\7B 274 3.85 69 301 4.00 40 375 4.00
71 292 8.85 47 226 4.00 42 312 3DO
SO 271 3,20 60 320 4.00 53 278 3.90
48 300 3.90 Cl 344 4.10 39 378 4.10
113 289 4.00 73 170 3.90 56,310 4.00
64 274 8.90 51 280 4.10 39 330 .4.15
66 265 3.85 65 183 3.85 201 275 3.20
217 334 4.05 34 289 4.00 46 885 3.95
237 214 3.00 66 209 3.50 69 273 3.85
61 240 4.00 67 257 3.90 65 201 3.85
63 265 3.85 60 214 3.85 68 263 3.90
116 253 5.85 299 211 8.85 63 271 4.00
29 149 3.45 181 230 3.85 41 304 4.00
60 296 8.85 42 235 4.05 61 ;279, 4.00.
C 6 357 3.85 45 356 4.05 65.198 3.60.
69 280 3.85 34 300 3.85 114.281 ,3.90
75 421 4.10 63 970 3.85 42 825 3.90
103 307 4.00 52 269 3.85 38,295,3.90
46 335 4.00 69 232 3.85 85 297 3.90
54 246 3.85 150 277 3.85 49 275 3.85
61 281 3,90 43 871 4.05 45 358 4.00
60 285 406 45 217 3.85 48 375
61 8.80 63 3.80
SHEEP—No important change vtoa visible In
this market. Thp supply and. demand continue
Ucht, nml values rule comparatively steady at
53.25a5.50 for common# ss.76ft4.<X>;lor medium, and
at sl2Sa4>6o for good to oholoe. Few choice are
coming In, mosfof the offerings ,helngj)f the com*
monsorta
The Chico** Lumber market.
The market for cargo lota ■was more active, and
all offerings were quickly taken at fall :ra tea.
Sales include the following: _
Cargo echr R. Slmmonds, rrom Manistee, 175 m
feet short joist and scantling atHT.W: sold byß.
K. Bickford Co. A
Cargo schr Souvcaler, from. Pentwater, 810 m
A, shingles' at 53.60; and cargo Gertrude, from
same place, 610 m at $3.60; sold by Wm. Meglade.
Cargo echr E. G. Gray, from m
feet strips und boards at $10.00; sold by, Charles
“ggf aclir Blacktiawk. from Point SanWc, WO
m Bliioglca at $3.42 lor A sawed: extra No. 1 $1.50:
and common No; 1, IL20; sold. Of Irlai, Bullen
Carco sclir Mlchelaon, from LaiUngton, hold
full ofjolat and scautUog .ot $17.00 :,<leck load
timber at *24.00; sold by J. M. ft
Cargo schr Hand* from Kewaunee, 100,000 It
mill sawed lumber, at *21.00, L-,'.,.™,*.
Cargo echr Ketchum, from s«no port, 118,000 ft
cca’reelumberrat $17.00,
Cargo echr Pcoriar-, from Ludington, 160,000 ft
loifct and scantling, atsl7.oo. _
rarco ecbr Enterprise, from Racine, 130.000 .It
I joSSrtecanOingt dry, at $20.00. Sold by B* K.
Bickford Co; _
There was nu aoUvc demand for timber vessels,
as this is about the lust run ot the season, and
tbero Is conslderublo to come: forward from some
points-
OS TRACK.
The market was quiet and unchanged at 13.50 a
slea l-2'for H A!” or star, and'tl.JOaaJoo
lor No. 1 sawed. ;v. r. I
ATTTIBTAUDB. V- I
The demand goodforclty trade andprlc cn ate
tho same os yesterday. J
Quotations arot.
First clear,llnohto3inQli. asftoo
Second dear. linolitoSinoh*. 47.00 a4s 00
Third clear. 1 inch.3s.ooaSTioo
Third clear, thick........ -....—...40.T0a12.60.
First and second clear flooring, togeth-
er, rough a4doo
first ana second clear siding, together 23.0Rrtu00
Common siding.- 020.00
Common flooring, dressed drat. 34.00*3^00
Common flooring, dressed second.....; 2&00a30i00
Wagon-box boards, seleoted/16 inches
and upwards 35.00a404fi
A stock boards. 50.00a35.00
B stock boards. 35.00a23.00
Common boards, joists, eoamling,small
timber, etc., 15feet and under........ 30.00
Fencing 20.00
Joists and scantling, 18x31 leet..-....;. 3DA8Q26.00
Pickets, square....... i5.00a17.00
Pickets,flat... 15.00.
Cedar posts,split 16.00ata.00
Cedar posts, round.,... 80.00a23.00
Lath. 4.00
Sawed shingles, No. I. 1.25 a 275
Sawed shingles, Aor star. 3.75 a 4.90
Tlie schooner Wm. I. Preston, tho stranding or
■which has been reported, was bound for Ogdens
burgh with wheat. Bhe was not leaking when
lest heard from, but. was pounding heavily. An
expedition, comprising the tug Frank Perew, with
a steam pump, left Builalo on the nth to go to her
assistance byway of tho Welland Canal. j
—Tho little steamer Coral having neglected] to
.wmply .with itho Canadian law by providing
life-preservers, hose, etc., was tied up by the In
spectors at Windsor, last Friday.
—No less than six yawl boats and several
thousand feet o£ lumber have been found on tho
shore of Lake Michigan, in the vicinity of Point
Bctsle.
—The barge Hagrudcr. lumber laden, recently
got on the river bank at Malden; listed, anlthrew
over a portion of her. deck load;- She then tilled
and sunk and tho lumber drifted out into the
lake. The bar gels being pumped out.
—The of the London Tiikes
soys that-- the ex-Emperor: himself cotdd not
speak with greater confidence of his return to the
throne than the roughs of Bellovtlle and Mcmt
martreLdo of the return of tho Commune. Knots
of determined socialists abound ii> the -cities,
towns and villages of Franco; against whoso
wish the bourgedist do'not venture to. vote. Tho
government is obliged to take stringent, meas
ures to protect the electors. The Insolence of em
ployes Is becoming unbearable. Many of tho J re
turned prisoners from the hulks,whohavenotdono
a stroke of work for fifteen months, have become
so spoiled by the thirty sous a day received dar-‘
ing the first siege, by the license anddobaaohory
of tho Commune during the second, and by the
Idleness and gambling of their prison* life since,
that It Is not likely they will ever again, be; Will
ing to labor honestly for their money, Tho lead
ing Communists themselves are described aa de
fiant as though there were no police,and the len
iency of the government is regarded by them os
proceeding merely frmu weakness.. If this ac
count bo correct, the position of capitalists and
employers and of the French middle classes of ru
ral voters is not to be envied.
—A young •woman in a Lynn shoo manufacto
ry, whoso duty it ia to fasten the taps aud solos
of ladles’ boots together, preparatory to lasting,
recently prepared twenty eases of boots in ten
minutes less than ten hours. Tho achlcvmont
was the result of a bet of SI,OOO agulnst S3OO that
she could not perform such a task, which she un
dertook with the promise that sho- should have
oue-hulf the forfeit; if successful. She thus earned
Ssto in ouo day.
COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
BISHOP, 1DBBA1& CO,,
Commission Merchants,
92 NORTH CANAL-ST.,
Fa, particular atlcnliou to the fair af
DRESSED HOGS,
DRESSED POULTRY,
DRIED FRUITS,
BUTTER, CHEESE,
EGGS, LARD,
SEEDS, HIDES, Etc*
fSTLiberal drafts allowed on consignments.
NEW PUBLICATION.
Lippincott’s Magazine.
AX irx.UQTHh.TSD MONTHLY OF
POPULAR LITERATURE 15D SCIENCE.
THE DECEMBER NUMBER
CONTAINS:
I. SCRAMBLE AMONG TUB ALPS DURING
THE TEARS 18G0-69 A Series of graphic and bril
liant Itv E3w«»a WhniTWf ,Profusely a«d
a*«iuisttc]y UiuovfaCed aftortnu UdH.’Mmimas n?
the anther, chapters C end t. 11. IHK COLD
HAND. A Tale. By Clara F. Guernsey. 111.
MONTE T-ESTACCIO. A Poem. By T. Buchanan
Read. IV. PHANTOM LIMBS. By S. Weir Mitchell.
M. D. V. TRIPS TO THH RIVKH PLATE. By
Robot M. Walsh. VI. MY LONG-LOST BROTHER.
A Story. By Charles Warren Stoddard. VII. BAL
ZAC AS ARTIST AND MORALIST. By Kate Hil
liard (Lucy Fountain). VIII. A STROLL IN VIR
GINIA. By Richanlfß. Elder. IX. A BRANCH OF
LILAC. A Story. By" Qaida.” In two parts. Part
11. X. SONNET. By Paul JL Hayno. XI. THE
SUARPLESS CRAYONS. By J. W. Palmer. XII.
OUR MONTHLY GOSSIP, containing Interesting
papers on Cooper, Scott, and'Lockhart; Jerusalem:
Steps to a Colossal Fortune, etc. XIII. FOREIGN
LITERATURE. -XIV. LITERATURE OF THE
DAY.'
NOW IS THE TIME TO SUBSCRIBE,
With tbe number for January, LIPPINGOTTS
MAGAZINE will entire upon a new volume. The
number of pages will be increased, enabling tlio con
ductor* to furnish un additional amount of popular
reading in timber .midmost emphatic sense. In ad*
ditiou to the shorter article* by well-known writers,
tlio following attractive SERIAL ‘WORKS will bo
published during the year:
A POWERFUL AND ABSORBING NEW STORY,
JJ V CEO. .H.ICnO.V.IXJD, LL,JD.y
Author of “Aloe Forbes’* Annals of a Quiet Neigh*
boruood,” etc.
ALSO, A CHARMING NEW NOVEL.
6.0905.29
AYTOUN,
By a Talented American Author.
Hr. Edward Why mper’s Exquisitely!
lustrated Work
Av. Price.
.1.300 £lB7
.1,003 3.33
Scrambles Among the Alps,
Will bo continued from month to month until com
plctcd A large amount of space will bo derated to
Monthly Gossip, which will l»o cnrichet! with short
and lively articles on persons of note, Incidents of tho
dnv, and olherrovclornmufdng topic*.
I LLV sthatioxß designed by distinguished artists anil
engraved in tho highest stylo will accompany each
number.
..1,097 080
9C3 3.50
880 2.37J
893 9.
813 3.00
TERMS.—Yearly Subscription, fl. Single Number,
35 cents. Specimen Number mailed, postage paid, to
any adilxess on receipt of 25 cents.
J.B. LIPPIMCOTT CO., Publlalera,
715 and TlTßarfcet-rt.. Philadelphia.
BUCK’S
Second Motels Goiit
A work of unußnal merit. Said to exceed In beauty
even the first collection, which has been received with
about 50 Motcttcs, one-fourth original,
auo the remainder skilful adaptations to Cbnrchimr*
pose* of music by Beethoven, Mendelssohn, Haupt*
man. Liszt. Cherubini. Neukonm and others.
Mr. I nrtley Buck, the author, is one of the losers by
tho Great Fire, but fortunately saves Ms reputation,
which la among tho highest us a composer, and hla Mo
tetti s which would he to him anewbeginning of good
lO SrTce; inciolh. 17.77; In *°^>r£ nEiLY
237 West Madlson-st .Chicago.
MUSIC Ali INSTRUMENTS.
Wt Respectfully Invite the Attention
Of musician*, and ail Interested In Improvements In
musical instrnments. to the new patent upright pianos.
In the most beautifully designed cases, which Uio
.Messrs.
lEftTe brought to the highest state of perfection. The
Tolnmeof tone Is of the most exqulalto musical char
ncter—pure, sympathetic, ami perfectly pliable, while
their durability and capacity for standing la tune is
most remarkable, excelling even the grands and
square 6, which hitherto bare stood without a rival in
this respect.
smith wixonr.
WEATHER STRIPS. 1
Weath^Strips
J. W. D. KELLY BED.,
305 MICHIOASf-AV.,
iravo a fuff Stock of matter Strips of all descriptions.
The trade supplied at our usual low rates.; Send for
.INSUKAKCEi:
In the PEOPLE'S Insurance Company, of Baa Praa-.
Cisco, and the LAMAR, of Chicago, covering uiupwty
not destroyed by. the late fire, will please retnm~tts
same t0.185 WerttMonroe-st., Chicago, for cancellation.
A. K GCITNISOK. Adjuster tor the People's
MACHINERY.
'^^wooDTrAßm^MoSaET^"
BATON, MADISON COUNTY, N. V,
MAJTU FACTTTRER3 OP
Steam Engines,
Portable,' Stationary
Hundreds In use In Wnto J Boom* MlUa,
Mines, and‘cn Farms ana W-orun
Thrchlmr, Food Cootln* for bW*.OolwiOlnmn,
banlTß.Ao. QTCixculars sent on apyUcaaon.
THE CHEAPEST,
Price S4O
TFarranted to do all kinds
of mark equal to any tna
ehine ever made.
Call and examine for
yourself, at
247 West ftladison-sf.
JKi, ELM CO.,
Canvassing Agents tcanteO,
in city,
We have just opened a fine assortment
of best quality-
Plain White, Geld Band, and
Decorated China
HR, lEi, MR TOM SETS.
MUSIC.
®SJJ^g^MAOKINES.
home
SHUTTLE
THE BEST,
m mra icsii
EVER PLACED
Before the Public.
Sold ob Moßtblj Payments,
CORNER OF SiNGiMON,
I2T THE BASEMENT.
GENERAL AGENTS.
CROCKERY.
CHINA.
Sell also in quantities to suit those who
wish to match up stock on hand.
E. C. LAWRENCE CO.,
487 TVABASH-AV.
SAFES.
SAFES I
MACNEALE URBAN’S.
J. M. TERWILLIGEB, Agent,
27 South Canal-st., and 61 West
Lake-st., Chicago, HL
These Safes hare proved themselves true Balaro*«-
.Uata o*>u At onr office and see the certificates of merit
from many of the best firms in the city.
We have a largo lot of Safes on hand, and more to ar
rive im mediately. 11 vou consider yonr own Interests,
yea will call and see na oefore purchasing any other
kind of Safe than those of the above make.
OLD
NEWSPAPERS
FOR SALB AT
Tribune Office,
15 South Canal-st.
Bridges, Roofs, &c.,
Tho Michigan Bridge anti Construction Co. arc pre
pared to erect wooden, iron, or combination, roots or
bridges atbhort notice.
Correspondents please address Michigan Bridge ana
Construction Co., Detroit. Mich.
McetoCipliictes.
jnst received, 50cases of Connecticut Leat all wrap
pers, A 1 quality, at low figures. Consider your own
interest bcloro purchasing AfrPnt
3S West Miullsou-sft.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY TO LOAN
On No. 1 names or good Local Stocks, at from thirty
days to six months.
I havo for sale stock In several of our National
Banks.
C. GRANVILLE HAMMOND,
Local Stock and Note Broker,
a»s Wabash ar.
FOB SALE.
A Steam Fire Engine For Sale.
Ono oI tbe celebrated Clapp* Jonea- Steam Pit.
Engines can bo seen tor tho next four dors «lO»-
Hannls' Itoao Cart and Trade Factory. No. .0 JUcht
mm st. Tho engtno Is Ugliter than any engine now la
use by the city ot Chicago, and can be drawn hr band;
hi capable of throwing two streams higher than any
clorstor in Chicago. It la tho same slro and stylo as
the Uttlc engino that wotkul 17 days and nights daring
tho great fire. For price and terms, address hi. V AL
KEU care GEO. IIANXIS, 70 Middgan-at., Chicago.
bricks.
A large quantity of handsome red brides at a bar
gain;, Cali on E. A. CUMMINGS.; 37, Wabaab-ar..
from 11 to 1 o’clock. _
dissolution notices.
SZSSOIVXXON,
Public notice Is hereby given that the cojurtncrahip
heretofore ealstingbetween Henry Horner and Las**
rus Silverman, under the firm name of Henry Homer
Co M has been dissolved by mutual consent; Henry
Homer having purchased tho interest of Lazarus
Silverman in tho said. firm* tho latter retiring there*
from.
LAZARUS SILVERMAN.
HENRY HORNER.
Chicago. Nor. 7.1871.
JEWELRY.
Wol>oir to inform oar patrons and the trade that wo
bare established oornewofflee atWl 1-2 WEST MADI
SON-ST. haring on hand a full stock ol cheap Horn.
Shell, ami Plated Jewelry. Wo are prepared to till aQ
onlers P romt,I Uj NNI;I;BCIIEIN 4 FREUT.ICH,
m 1-2 West MadLson-st.
COAL
COAL,
For Steam Purposes.
Erie and Briar Bill Screenings for sale cheap br
-W. M. *c3. F. OUCOTX,
Om«, lCO~SrahMh-lT.,comer Monroeot.; Yard,
North Market-st.
nreußiwoß.
Horae Life Ins. Co., of New York.
[?36 FCLTOS-9T.
poller- holders trill please send their address.
j. hf. STRYKER. General Agent
hotels-.
CEPTCBAXZZOVSR,
Reopened on Haßted-stn.one blocksouthof Van Bu
mUhi Near. ihrougUout, aad open for, gneeU ml*
flrsfeclafts boarders. Looms large and vary dealruote.
Transient, day. Qa a^'i^riator.
5
:ous.