A MARVELLOUS ACHIEVEMENT.
Rescue of the Valuable Record Books
of Bhortall Hoard, on the
Might of the Fire.
Account of the Way in Which
the lWork iras Per
formed.
Narrative of Mr. John G. ShortaU
"What b Desperate Man
"Will Do in an Emer-
gency.
Nothing gives a clearer idea of tho magnitude
of the great firo than the fact that du one man or
body of men can. of themselves, give any idea of
the damage done. Every man doing business in
the city hoa it in his power to contribute a valu
able chapter to tho history which will some lime
be written of the conflagration.
Tbo moat disastrous event in tho horrible
whole, seemed, for a time, to be the destruction
of the books of record in the Court House; but
ills found, on examination, that the Joss is by
90 means irreparable. <Msny of the essential
books are safe.* though iu one csse—lhut of
Messrs. ShortaU Hjard-tbercscaowasamar
vellons achievement. Tnis firm was located in
Booms 1. 9, and 1° Larioon Block, northeast cor
ner of Washington and Clark streets.
The following account of tbo way In which the
books were extricated was taken verbatim from
Mr. John G. ShortaU, senior member of the firm,
by a Tribune report* r.
■ror jtaiuunvE.
Iliad jostcomo home from church, and bad
baen sitting in my house. No. 852 Fraino avenue,
and was coins to bed- I looked «ut.»f my north
■window and noticed ovpry bright light in the
aky. I bad been, from come unaccountable
cause, quite apprehensive in regard to firo lor
some lime previous; and. on noticing tbo light,
determined to so to the fire, although it was not
in the direction of my office.
Reporter. What time w« this?
Mr Shortall. I should think perhaps 1U
o’clock—a littlo before 10. 1 mol a friend on
the cars who was also going to tbo fire, and we
crossed Twelfth street bridge, and g..t up to the
aide of the firo on Canal str».ct.an(l followed it up
from block to block to Adams Eircst. We then got
on Van Boren street, bridge and watched the
progress of tbo flames for probably an hour and
a half- I then bad no idea that the fire would
cross the river, and I argued with myself several
times whether I, had not hotter go homo, out
kept on staying watching the fire; and, wtiile
standing on Van Huron street bridae, I noticed
n new body of fiinus—X should think there was
*n intervening space of fully half a milo ou
touchcd by arc- This now firo broke out. aa it
seemed to me then, in the vicinity ot South w»*
torslreetand Fiftn avcnu«. Wuentsaw tku
new light I started for my office In Larmoo Block
immediately.
Reporter. What time waa this?
Air. Shortall. I should think it was about half*
pact 11 or 12 o’clock. On ro-tching the office I
found, as 1 apprehended, great danger existing
from the awning*, which wore outside the build
ing, the embers dropping down very thickly oc
the roofs of the building? l nnd on the fronts, end
aigoa, and awnings. I ran up stairs, got into th«
office and tried to cut away tho awning* in front
oi our building and that tbo building adjoin
ing: hut. owiug to the absence of anything ade
quate, 1 bed to giro that up, and simply press
them up close to the wall, t-.al the embers might
drop off them, and not lie caught iu
them. Even thou I scarcely believed it possible
that tbo Larmon Block could take fire, and I re
quest'd the men iu the upper portion of the
building, with buckets of water, M put out any
embers that might fall there and endanger the
building. Jo another half hour I felt more ap
prehensive. and went on the street to find an
express wagon. This must have beca an hour
and a half before tbo building actually burned.
I stopped probably Qltcen different trucks and
express wagons, offering them any pay to work
for mo In saving tbo hooka. Seven of them. at
least, I engaged, one after another, they faith
fully promising mo that they would
come back when they bad carried
the load and deno the work in which they were
engaged: but no one comeback. At ibis junc
ture I met o friend, Mr. Nyo, who was looking
out. as I was. fir the danger. 1 told him 1
needed biro, and he answered me promptly that
bo was at my service. We both watched some
time longer for express wagons: bnt could find
none. Atlast. when the Court House cupola
took fire I told my iriend that wc must have an
express wagon within tbc next five minutes or
we were utterly lost. He stood no Clark street
and I on Washington, determined to take
the first expressman wc could
find. The first one happened
to come along on bis side. He seised the reins
with one band; and, taking a revolver iroru hie
pocket with the other, persuaded the ex
pressman to haul up to the sidewalk, notwith
standing bis cursing ond swearing. when I
came back from my unsuccessful watch, I t>>und
the expressman there, and my triend, handing
the lines and revolver to me. went upstair* to
help our employes, who were then in tbo office,
to carry down the volumes. Wo got round with
the wagon to the Washington street entrance,
and, after filling the wagon, found that we had
bat about one-qu:«rtcr ot our property in it.
Just at that critical moment I saw a twn
horso truck drove up to where I was superintend
ing the packing *‘f the books, and my iriend, Joe
Stockton, whoso fuco whs so covered with smut
and dust that I d.d not recognize him until be
spoke, turned «»vcr ihe truck and driver to me.
with the remark" I think, John, this ti juat
what you oi-id.” 1 never lelt ao relieved or so
thankiul for anything as X did at bis appear
ance with that substantial aid at that moment.
Wc unpacked our impressed expressman imme
diately and set him adrift with S5 in bis pocket
lor bis five minutes’ work, and commenced to
SUe our property on friend Stockton s truck,
leanwbile the flames wore roaring aodturgtog
around us. Six ot our boys were carrying down
the volumes ns rapidly ns they could, and 1.
standing on the track, was etowinc away the
hooka economically ns to suae*. About that
timo they told me tho Court House bell iell
What time was this?
Mr* Shortall. I lost ail idea of time. It must
have been about 2 o’clock. I never heard the
bell fall I was so excited. Toward tho last, i
when wo had got our indices all down safely. I
and wc were trying to save other valuable pa
pers and books, many of which we did save, it
was stated that Smith i Nixon’s Building was
about to ho blown up. Our truck was headed
toward that building. Tho sky was filled with
burning embers which wore falling Mroundus
thickly Aveoon, 1 think, aa the information
was given that tuat buiding was to be blown up.
the crowd rushed past us down IVashington
street, toward tbe lake, terribly excited, spout
ing and warning everybody away. .My driver
was very nervous, ami on one pretext or another
•would start bis bor,cs up for a rod or so. swear
ing tnat ho would not be blown up for us or
j«r the whole county; hut 1 succeeded in slop,
ping him eight or ten limes during tbe excite
ment. In the meantime, our men were
coming down the stairs lades with our property
and returning as rapidly as they could. 1 was
standing on the books, packing them in the
truck, nod tbe embers were them, and
1 picked incm off as they foil nnd threw them
into tbe sirce*. until, a rod nt a time, wc reached
the corner of Dearborn and Washington. ,Me?srs.
Fuller and Handy were the last to leave the
office, and they did not leave until Buck «k lUy
ncr’s drug store was on fire. The ?tore, as we
believed, was fall of chemicals and explosive
matter. At that timo tue Coort House was a
mass of flames, and our own building was burn
ing, and other buildings in the immediate vicin
ity entirely destroyed- Three of us then started
with the truck for my house, which we reached
about 3 o’clock that morning. 1 bad our prop
erty unloaded and placed securely within: aod,
after giving tbe driver ond others some rofresn
ments. I sturl-d again for the firo to see what
aid I could give other suff-rers.
Reporter. What benefit will tho saving of
yonr records be to thecimuiunity?
Mr. Shortall. There are three abstract firm a
vbo have saved portions oi their books. Our
own firm and Chase Brothers Co. have saved
their indices, digests <>f r< cords, judgment dock
ets, and tax-«al>» records complete, together
with many valuable memoranda, and probably
130,000 pages of copies of abstracts and exam
inations of title*, which are sufficient, we be
lieve, with tbe aid of proper legislation, to es
tablish the title to every tract ol land in the citr
rf Chicago and Cook County. Messrs. Jones 4c
belters. I am informed, nave saved their ho iks
rf original entries, but have 1->st their indices.
They have, also, 1 understand, saved many
volumes of copies of abstracts made. All these
valuable documents, in tbe absence**f the records
themselves, arc a firm security for titles m real
estate in the city and county, and are sufficient
to prevent any inequity being done. Without
them we should bava to return to the tomahawk,
pre-emption, and possession.
Bate Ball.
On Tuesday afternoon, the ICtbiost., tbo M
taala. of Kew York, proceeded to Boston to play I
the fifth and deciding came of tbo chnmpiotsbip
series with the Bed Stockings. The Hew York
ers wore short the services of Woltcrs. their
pitcher, who «u sick, and so forfeited the came
and the series to the Bostons by a score id 9 to 0.
In order not to disappoint the audience au ex*
liibltion raise was screed upon, tbo Mutuals
Haying Z ttleio. of the M'mba Stocking.*, as
Eitcber. The game proved to be an unusually
rllliaat one on both aide?. Atlbccl.ee ot tbe
ninth inoioC the.score was a lie—four tor each.
The tenth innioc yielded no runs for either
side, the Bostons ceitioc *n unearned ton m
tbe eleventh, through an error by Suirt. while
the Mutual* were whitewashed, and thus lust
the game by sto 4- IMow is
THE HCOBB,
yilTL'aU. 0]
illatfieM. 3
P.Uflli'B, I.
;st«r«, i i> i 3 i V
p...*
tCKlcr. c. f. 3 *1 2
Kerzu«<'U. 3 l>.«! 3 2 2
ji'c ircr, a t M
iuligbaui, r. 3M Ij 1
Total*-,
DO»Tu.\9 ,o. K. B.|T.
G. Wrt»b». e. t.l I s i
liarsea. 2 3 I 2* 3
iltrd»atl. t. f_. 4 0. It
>lcV*r.C j 3 J! 2
tp.mdine, p_.‘. il i
CooM. I 1 o. 2] 7
heli&lrr, 3 b 1 4 >1 I- l|
lUrroaa, I f.„.i A «'i
11. Wrtcbt.c. I f 5 uj )j ij
.<33
Total*
looinj. 1 1 1 I 1 1 H
I 0 1 0 0 0 0 2" 0 I—3
Muiailf 0 0 0 I 0 0 2 I 0 0-*
IJtupire—Mr. C. Goodwin, Uarraru Club.
Time— 1 h. lo m.
RSItnttTIO? GA)IE.
Kew Yook, Ocu a).—An exhibition sane of
Uia ball played to-day. for the benefit of
the Chicago sufferer*, between th- Motuals.of
>'et York, and me Athletic#, ol Philadelphia.
Uho weather was cold and the attendance small,
Zettlein. of the Chicaem, pitched lor the Mu
tuals, and Martin, of the £okt«rds, for too
Athletics. Thecsiae was onesided. and woo
Ly the Mutuals by a score u| 17 t*> 3, m follows:
Inningt. 1 2345078 0
Athletics.
ilutd&ls..
....0 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 O—S
—0 0 3 1 0 3 5 3 2-17
the juvuikeb-whitk stocking came.
TboV, Oct. 21.—T00 Crit r»me ol the chain*
pionebin scries between toe Union club, ot Tioy
(Haymaker*). and Caionga tub. ut Chicago I
(White Stocking#), took place oo «n® ground# of
ibe lormer, in t&ii city* to-day. Too audience
«*i »large one; and* aj might hnvo been ex
pected. strongly partisan. tu*»u.:h much leas fool
iag waa .imoi eit than m ght havo t»cun ex
pected. The misfortunes of the Tiiiiiug club
undoubtedly mocn to do ititb ibis. Tj«
eamew a a finely comcsted one, aud was easily
wod by the White Stocking*, by a score of 11 t
Su The aceond gamo cf thu aen-a will be pUyed
<<u tue Union g.-ounds, Hrooklyo, the third in
Troy, and the worth, should one uo necessary
in Lrooklyn,
jj*SK BALL FOB XBXT THAR.
Shortly alter «bo tiro it was announced, upon
«od authority. that tbo bito jftockinss would
ceyer their eoaocctiuo with Chicnso nt the close
of tb« present season. Many il >ard of Trade
men. who bare always beeu must liberal pair.ns
of the fame, are not willinc t-j see tbs game in
this city to caiity decline, aud it is understood
that a morement is already on foot to set
together and maintain a professional club 10 tins
city under an oneoaiauioa l" bo inoiuly com
posed ot Board of Xr-de member*.
Bash Hcdlcsl College.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE.
VOLUME 25.
at the residence of Dr. E. Ingalls, corner of Mon*
roe and Throop street*. Dr. Ingalls presided.
Dr. Parka, of the oommltteoappointcd to draf*
an appeal to tbe Alumni in other cities for funds
to rebuild thu college, reported. The' report
gave a brief sketch of the college, nuddwelt upon
the beneficial results that bad accrued both to
tbostodenta and thepublic at large. col
lege had been erected at a cost «f about B*o,ooo,
and bad been utterly annihilated. Iho pecuni
ary loss. however, bad been individually light
compared with the losses sustained by many of
Us alumni. Tao building was erected four years
ago but the institution was in existence as long
ago as ISH3. The committee, therefore, called
upon tho friends of the institution to donate
what they could toward rebuilding.
On motion it was determined that donations
toward rebuilding the college bo forwarded to
Dr. E. Ingalls.
The report was adopted.
The meeting then adjourned.
THE GENEROUS WORLD.
Further Acknowledgment of Deeds
of Generosity iu Behalf of the
Sufferers by the Firs New
York’s Grand Donation—What
tho Theatres and Ball Flayers are
Doing for Chicago.
U*y by da, it is tbo crateful duty of t'io pres,
to chronicle fresh deeds of generosity from
every Quarter of tbo world, in behalf of the suf
ferers by our lire. Tbo sum of tbo donations is
steadily increasing, and, if tbe persons to whom
has been entrusted tho distribution of tbo enor
mous sums render an accurate account, as they
undoubtedly will, tbe amount received will
prove to be very large.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.
The Young Mud's Christian Association of
Chicago wish to gratefully acknowledge the re
ceipt of tbe following donation*, which they are
distributing at the office ol the Secretary, corner
ot Peoria nnd Jackson street*:
Voting Men** ClirUUan Association of Rotnr*.
N. Y.._ IWr.fiO
CUraeusot Nmlms, X. II P>i.m
RvT. 11. C. McCook, Philadelphia r-.ou
Youne Men's ChrMian Association ot Wmati
iDgtou....~—~... 1.5(100
Total U,r.u»«v,
Boston. V. M. C. A-, 91 boxes of clothing; SI. E.
Root, Ill.,2boXe*;WUmington, 111., 2 boxes:
Boston Y. M. C. A., 1 box of shoes: F.Hteelo. 2
boxes ot eluthoa; Lyons. lowa, 1 box oC bats:
Boston Y.M.C. A.. 1 barrel; lloxbury V.M.C.A.,6
boxes of clothing; Philadelphia South Baptist
Church, 4 boxes of clothing: Washington T.'U;
G. A., 2 boxes of clothing; Troy V. M* C, A., 2
barrels; Mount Vernon Seminary, 1 bol.ol cloth
iop.-
Besides these, a largo number of boxes wore
received while the flames were still burning, and
were distributed under tbe press ore of relieving
the terrified fugitive* from the prairie, without
other record than that uf the Recording Angel
and the grateful hearts of tho hsU>nakcd re
ceivers.
In answer to numerous inquiries, wo would
say that we ercatly need blankets, coverlets, bed
ticking, and bed linoo: pieces of flannel, ot
I muslins, and of prints; boxes of new
I ladies’, children's, and men's and boys*
bools ana shoos. Especially do we
need large quantities of ladies’ and
children’s shoes, bounds, dresses, shawls,
cloaks, under garments, and stocking*,
for women and children: great coats,
coats, pants, shirts, and undershirts for men:
and money, which once tnoro will buy all thing*
in our new city, rising with wonderful rapidity
from its ashes, praise to God. and thanks to the
generosity of the American people. Address
Robert Patterson,
Secretary of Y. M- C. A.
VROKTHC DIAMOND FIELD.
Tho benefit game between tfao Mutuals and
Athletics, ia Poiladelpbia. which occurred on
Thursday, was in every way successful. Trcacy
and Cummings played with the latter, and Mc-
Bride with the former nine. Thu game was won
by tho Athletics by n score of 12 to 11. The pro
ceeds go to the general relief lund. A second
gome was played at the Union grounds. Brook
lyn. Cummings of the Stars pitching for tho Mu
tuals, and Martin of the Ecksards filling the
same position tor the Athletics. The attendance
g«. very large. Tne proceeds of this game were
also sent to the Belief Committee. The amounts
received were not named.
THV.ATRtCAI. AID.
The New York Sun gives the following account
of the Chicago benefit at Booth’s: ’’Last
night Booth’s Tueatre was crammed with one <»f
the most intelligent audiences ever gathered in
this city. Hundreds ot disappointed play-g**era
had to retire disconsolate, oven every available
iuen of standing room all over the building being
occupied. Miss Cushman as Lndv Macbeth,
Edwin Booth as Hacbeth. and Mr. Creawick as
Macduff, were the attractions. The death-like
silliness uf her auditors, as Mis? Cushman went
through her thrilling role, and the tremendous
outburst* of applause that followed each splendid
eflort testified to the great actreVa genius
and undimlnished powers. From the
moment Edwin B >otb first leaped
upon tho stage to tho close of the play. be. too,
as usual, kept the audience spellbound. Mr.
Cresswick’s Jfdcdujf was also received with
marked favor. At the close of the performance
there was a loud call, and Edwin Booth an
pfftred before tne enruin leading forth Mr.
Cieswick. This graceful net wa* received with
renewed outbursts of applause. Tu« perf witters
I gave their services gratuitously, and tho enure
I proceed* ol the night’* pvrlotmauce—s4,s3l—
to tho Chicago roliefiund.
—The benefit reptvsentfttioo at tho Slant The
atre, New York. In tho progress *>t r which Mr.
Uandmm acted in ”Ein Class Wasson,” on
Tai**d«y evening, netted the very largo sum of
$2,379.53. Tne idea of the representation was
oncl.iaitd by Mr. Bandman, who was to havu
been the first star at McVickcr’s.
—The Now York TWtunc endorses as an ex
cellent suggestion” the following extract from a
private note written to alriend by Mrs. Lauder:
Some of the proceeds of the benefits tor Chi
c :go should be appropriated especially to re
lievo professional sufferers, motors and others,
thrown out of a winter’s employment hr the
burning of tho theatres. Twelve hundred dol
-25J actors homeless and friendless, and you can i
judge bow slight is this relief f r *ucb a case.
MtSCEU-AVKOCS F.V.UEV ITEMS.
Tho total amount d-naied to the Chicago Re
lief land hy tUecityof Montreal is SIOO,OdU. Toe
firemeu of that ehy arc raising a fund for tho
Chicago lire department.
Tne Imperial Insurance Company of Lon
don subscribed $5,000 for tho relief fund. Thu
»um was li.rwarded immediately on tho receipt
of the news of our calamity.
-—Junction City, Kansas, has subscribed
SI,OOO, and sent in two car loads of provisions.
The little city has done nobty,
—Francis B. Cooley, of Hartford, formerly a
merchant iu this city, was among ibu first to for
ward money fur the relief ot Chicago. His dona
tion of So.IWO is v.ne of the largest individual
gift* received. _
—Messrs. Richardson, Boynton Co., of New
York, have notified Meosrs. Bliss Brown, of
inis city, to draw on them at eight for 5000, for
the roliefiund. _ _
—The children of Grammar School No. h.
Now York city*, sent $533.42 and sixteen cares of
clothing, in aid ot tho sufferers by the fire.
—The city f Richmond donated SIO,OCX), and
forwarded resolutions ot tho warmest eympathy.
—Messrs- Callen. Bruchett Jc Co., ol New
York, have sub.-cribjd SI,OOO tome general fund.
—F»om New York have been alraady received
51.50 C,070.02 in money, and supplies equal to
$075,(100: total, $2,435,070.02, t
i'ue total amount subscribed tn tho city <t
Brooklyn, ioctudiog the apjropnation by tho
city government, is $170,000.
—Mr. Ucury Ureeuebaum has received from
various points throughout the country hbernl
contnbutious (or the reliefer nis co-religionists
and other religious denominations.
—Mr. F. S. Winslow, of this .city, received a
despatch from C. 6. Hambro »t Sun, bankers, of
Loudon, requesting do to distribute for them
the sum of SI,OOO among tbo distressed Scandi
navian*. _
take: law courts.
Circuit Court.
mechanics’ liens.
Jnllus Barit, carpenter and builder, presented
his petition to declare and enforce against Betsey
Bolivia a mechanics’ Uon on Jot 27, block 8.
Cuailca U, Walker’s subdivision, in the cast bail
i ot the southeast quarter of section 29, 39 norm,
I range 11 cast 3 ana dwelling bouso i*o. 522 Burn*
side street,
Also Richards Jt Hunt prayed a lien against
Emma M. Boilvin on lots 14 and 15 to block 42.
town of Hyde Park.
Jacobs Harrison, hardware men, also prayed
lien against the same Em u» M. Bolivia, wife
of William P. Boilvin, on the lots last men
tioned. _
Julios Baris also seeks to establish a lien upon
the same property In Hfdo Park, against the
same Mrs. Bolivia.
Superior Court.
AIXXOKD gftAUPCLEST tAXP SALE.
An Action on the case was commenced bv
James Kirk, senior and junior. (Kirk A bon)
against Lewis W. Cass, in wbicn the damages
ar« laid at iS.OOU. A capitis win sued out on too
uffidarit of one ..f the plaintiffs, who says that
he'and bis son bare boon tor a long lime the
owners ol lb a stock, fixtures and leasehold in
terest of the drug store known as No. S(H State
street: this interest they advertised t«- r suit,
when detendaot responded, stating that be nail
some lands in lowa. with clear title, which he
would exchange for this store. An agreement
fur excaaago wot mad* noon the basis ol theta
representations, and under it a transfer or ibo
store Was made, and d tendant executing a
conveyance ut f«ar hundred acres uf land to
Mrs. Elizabeth Kirk. Xnis deed was doly tor-
Warded (or record, when the Recorder returned
it as worthless, stating toat Ibo titln to toe land
was invested in tuo Caicago and Northwestern
Kiilwsy Company. Tucrounoa plaintiff visited
tno county seat «<t Clayton County. I»wa, and
loUiid that defendant bad no title. It is charged
i that by thU transaction defendant has defrauded
plaintiffs ofabout S2,(W).
in.,* t.
oj i l
Julia
attachment was *ued out by Alexander
Mo -dr acaiost
Ibe dolecdaot owe* to :tho plaintiff
cyidvDCi-d br nolo over due some seven days, M
well«« &&-S4 for marebandUo. Xho u Jiondam
It charged at ao u.bsco..dmg debtor, or at one
concealing himself from bis creditor.
jsspupsir.
An actio® «l assumpsit, on demand for
JAtt.SS was commeoecd by Augustus C. Trout
•gainst John W, Culton.
—An action of anutnpm wag commenced by
il. Uomikiud against Huxcne icuneidecv. by
wtiioh demand is made lor 51,000. Ihis suit is
brought upon a chock drawn October IS*i, on
the Hibernian U.iokinc Aswciation, for coiu.9o.
by E. Schneider 00.
The Humored Follih Conspiracy*
Fiota the New York Tribune, Oct. 16-
A secret meeting oi prominent IMes. resident
to ibis aod surrounding cities, was beta yester
day, and steps were taken to arert a danger said
to breatan the Grand Uuko Alexis on his arrival
in K«w York. Xbe nuimosiiy with which every
Pole retards tbe royal family of Russia is well
known. ond ills asserted that some of too most
ignorant and rioleot of tbo race here have
termed a conspiracy to Iniuli, and, perhaps, os*
Bassltiaie the sod «l (be Ctar during bis sojourn
aa a cucst of too etty. Wuuo trustworthy details
are lacking, there is no doubt that the insane idea
i,a> buen entertained by af«w madmen. No
knowledge of it has, however, yet reached tbc
p.dice, but doubtless precautions will be takou
to save the city from tue disgrace of a demon
stration which could accomplish no good cud.
It is not probablo that the conspiracy was In any
sense a 1 rmidable one, or inspired by any other
than a morbid dislike to, tee a Russian Prince
honored iu aa American city, a>.d it will proba
bly bo entirely checked by tba respectable mem
bers of ttio race, wbo discountenance any such
action. It it evident that too idea ol assassin**
(ton is an u rrgeratlon of too actual purpose,
and iyim ivt: seriously entertained even by tbo
most de<t .rate. Rut even a slignt demo-isira*
tlon of an .nsultir 'U
THE GBOBVENOB TBA6EDY.
Coroner's Inquest Yesterday on the
Remains of Deceased.
Testimony of UniTcrstly Stu
dents and Other Citizens.
The Inquest Adjourned to To-
Day—Funeral of Colonel
Grosvenor.
Tho excitement among tho residents of Chi
cago, and especially Cottage Grove, resulting
from the’ihooting of Colonel Gyesvenor by a
member of the petrel guard, has somewhat
abated, hut tbe subject still continue* to bo the
principal topic of conversation among the peo
ple. There are many opinions expressed; all.
however, agree that tho shooting was
uncalled for, and that it :is lime to
dispense with tbo services of the volunteer
patrol, especially tbe Boy Brigade connected
with tbe Chicago University, as tho potting on
duty of youths who have no judgment places in
jeopardy tho lilo of everyone who may bo out
late at night.
Coroner Stephens visited Cottage Grove.yestcr
day morning; tod made the necessary arrange
ments for bolding an inquest. Ho empanelled a
jury, composed of tbe followiog-naracd gentle
men: B. W! Smith (foreman). M. R. M. Wal
lace. D. B. Fairman. Henry Spiers. H. B. Bruy
ton, Alex. Cook. J. ii- Parrel. U. 11. Bcldinc.
J. C. McCord. Samuel Pike. F. Babcock, and
Barber Bell. State's Attorney Kccd was present.
during toe InQueat. which was held in Landof’s,
Hall, corner ot 'Dougin* place and Cottage Grove
avenue’, andhU question* enabled the jury to
thoroughly understand the facts in too case.
Tho following testimony was elicited:
TKBTIMOKT OF BKJf. C. MILLER.
ir.onAu.il ur un,,. «ii*bbiv*
Bon. C. Miller aworn: Am County Physician:'
made o pott mortem examination on the body of
Colonel Thomas Gr"Svcnor, at No. IS Bryant av
enue; found gnn-ehot wound lu left arm: the
bone was shattered, and the bracalal artery
severed: the ball passed into tbo chest, break
ing the tenth rib. pauios through the lower lobe
ot the Jett long diaphragm; stomach and liver,
lodging in the cavity of the abdomen. Death
was produoedby the Injuries received.
TISTIMONYor IIOBK&T ITTZQEBSLD,
Hob-rt Fitzgerald'sworu; Am-a policeman,
nn.t on duty at tbo Cottage Grove Station.
Abont half past 12 o'clock on the morning of
the 21st lost., I beard a shot fired, and au ex
clamation, “X aoi sb»t; lam killed!” 1 was ut
this tune oa CutUgo'Urove arenuc, nearl>ong
las place, on the east side of the street. I pro
ceeded in the direction of tho shot, andsaw.,a
man and fall to the ground. Soon after
1 arrived at tbe spot several oi the Cottage
Grove patrol arrived, ani wo look charge:
ot the wounded man. and rc-
moved him him to tho bouse opposite.
When the man foil from too sidewalk into the
rand a revolver dropped from bis pocket. [Re
volver shonu.J Dr. Cole was sent for, and said
the man's arm was broken and would buve to bo
amputated. Tbo question was asked what was
too matter. It was dark and J couldn’t roonp
nizc any one. Some one said. "1 fired tbe shot.”
I asked a mao wno said that, and be said Mr.
Treat.” This pistol bad boon in the left baod
pocket of »is coat. I gave it to tbo station
keeper. (Tbe pistol was not loaded.]
TESTIMONY OK KBS. VISTA SUEKPABD.
Mrs. Vista Sheppard, «worn: I live at No. 55X5
Cot Sage Grove avenue. I beard the world halt”
given, about twenty minutes to 1 o'clock. A few
minutes afterwards X beard the order Riven tn
bait o second time. I went to wake my husband
ami came back to tbe window and saw tbe flash
o{ a gun. 1 saw the mau who fired the thot.
He was standing near the lamp post opposite the
cate t" Woodlawn Park, on tbe vast side "f C»c
tace Grove avenue, ab-ut 100 loot north irom
where I was. Tbe first I heard him say was, I
am shot. Oh! my God. my wife, my child.” Be
succored against tbe lamp post in front of the
stiiTo store. and then staggered
along tbo sidewalk and foil into
tbo street. Be laid there about five
minutes beioro anyone came up: then one or
two of tbe patrol and afterward a policeman
cumo across tbo street. Some of them remarked.
bMUiU a.I U.O IMU SklV.h WVMiW IM.UJ I i^MW.OVU,
ThL man Is shot;” ouo asked, '‘Who shot
him.” and another answered. 1 did, and I am
sorry.” Then it was suggested that a physician
be sunt for, and Dr. Colo came: tbo mao was
put on a litter then and removed to tbe bote
b'.-usc; I did not see a pistol or gun in the
bands of any of those present: 1 could not tell
who the man was that fired tbe shot; I could
not distinguish bis features: I saw him, but
could not recogaiso him, as it was dark; tbo
man who was shot told tho guard to ”go tu
hell after be was first commanded to halt; he
did not fall tor firo or ton mmut-s after be was
shut; he did not halt when commanded to do so,
but moved along slowly.
TUB PBISONKB BROtOKT IX,
Several ot the jurymen desired to see the
prisoner, and ho was called in. Mr. Reed told
him that be was not obliged to make s statement
which would Criminate himself. It was to bo
voluntary, and might be used against him here
after in court, if it was desired.
Treat replied that, upon reflection, he bad de
cided not to make a statement.
Sergeant B.irrett then took charge of him.
and returned him to tbo station bouse.
TESTIMONY OP R. T. COLSTOS.
.bj.l MW... U. I.
R. T. Colston, sworn: Am a student At the
University. 1 know Treat; never saw the de- i
ceased until the night of bis death. I was com-
missioned Captain of Company L, first Cn ic.» go
Volunteers, by Frank T. Snerman. LCotomissio i
exhibited by witness and read to the jury by the
Coroner, lie had other papers, among them was
the oath administered to the men, which was nut
signed.] The oath was not administered to the
men. The members had signed the enlis cncnt 1
Full, and bo bad intended to have had thorn
j Vo'uko ebire'e
of, Uis district was not limited. Another de
fined the duties of the guard. [These papers
were publishedin yesterday’s. Tbibcsk.] Treat
was orally inetraoted. In esse it was necessary
to shoot, to aim at the lower, limbs, Sherman
said b didn’t want any one killed. I instruct
ed guards not to molest citizens on tho highway
if they were not suspicious; but If they were
suspicious to bring them in. I told bom to use
their own discretion In shooting. I .told them
to shoot at tnu lower limbs, so as to enppio. and
not to kill them. In case a man was challenged
and ran away after the third command to halt,
bo was to be shot in the limbs, for we thought
no good cilizsn would refuse to halt and give an
account of himself. 1 heard the shot, and went
into the Vnivctsity yard and met Trout, who
told me be had shot a man. lie did not toll me
tho circumstances, lie started to go to too body
with me, but I told him be had better go to the
'guard room. 1 went over and found the man
lying in the gutter. 1 did not see Treat there,
it was atom five minutes alter I beard the shot
that 1 found the body. Treat did not assign any
reason to me lor shooting. The guards were in
structed not to shoot If a man did not holt, but
only in case personal violence was offered them,
nr Hie man ran away, ily commission was
handed to mo by l»r. Burroughs. I was not
sworn in. A regular countersign was given out
every m-rning. The aces of the members of the
company ranged Irom 16 up. All tho men who
were out that uight bad their guns loaded. e
did not receive any ammunition from headquar
ters; we moulded the balls, nod loaded the guns.
I made application to Colonel Sherman for am
munition, and was told that there was none on
hund. Ouc of the Sergeants got tho Ivad used. 1
saw CMonol Sherman, and questioned the pro
priety of patting on the young boys, and no re
plied that some of the best soldiers ho had seen
were boy?; and told me to put them on.
TESTIMONY OF WILLIAM B. RONEY.
WUHam K, Rouoy, sworn; 1 live at the lm*
vcrslty. I on third sergeant ©I tho company,
and know Theodor© Trent. I was officer of the
Kumi on Friday evening, and I instructed the
■crgennt of the relief to take him out. leave
Treat Instructions. In passingaround inspecting
tbo guard, a htllo alter half-past U ©clock.!
walked across the street with .tlr. Treat and told
him where his beat was— from Douglas (dace to
Thirty-third street: from Cottage Grove avenue
to the lake; and t«>ld him if be. saw any person
who 10-'keJ suspicious to hilt him, and it ho at
tempted to escape to shoot him. U« was to do
this In no other ease. He was told to brio* in all
who could not give an account themselves. 1
<mw him after the shooting, and met him in the
'University grounds- He said; “I halted aman
three time*, and bo told roe to go to bell, and 1
shot him. 1 am afraid 1 have killed biro.
1 told him to go to headquarters,
and I went to whehe the body was. The roan
was lying in the tiicb. I did not know who be
was until I was told in the hoso house that u
w»# Colonel <3roivooor. Alter I saw the-budr,
Sergeant Hay banded mo a revolver nodsaia the
man bad It in his hand. He handed »to me
un i I gave it to Captain C-dslon and he banded
it to tue policemen- The officer was tin re when
X citue up. I anUsted la-the Two-Uundred
atid-IwclithNew V* rk during the w&r.
IXSTTMOST Of SEUCEAyT IUV,
Theodore Hay, »woru: I live »i tbo TTnivcr
eit*. Am Id years old. I saw tho wan alter he
was shot, I h*-ardthe shot: was at the southwest
corner of tho Oaivcrdty budding, near iho guard
loam. I ran' around on the south aide ui the
building and called Jo r guard Xo. 2 I started
for Callage Grove avenue,.and met Mr. •treat,
who said, “Sergeant, I bar© shot aman. 1
asked why he bad shot him. ond bq said. be
cause he would D'<t half.' 1 said, D.d you
give him lair warning and ho replied, ,1
halted him three times, sayiug ualt.orl brc.
and be told me to fir© away. I went on to lb#
place: and found a man lying in the muter. 1 I
stooped down and s»* blood on his left hand.
which was under iiis side. He was lying mi Dw
face. I polled oot the hand and found a pistol
in it. I took itand haudedit to SergsanlK mey.
(Pistol produced. Wifhcjs could not identity it
as th« one he bad taken frum-tb© hnnd.j .No
•me was near by when I pulled the pistol out.
Taero were several perron* on tbo, *d®walk,
■among thfra’a poTleemi»n.'’Tr?*t also said, Ohl
3erg©ani.’l have killed a man tbe told me to go
to hell." This was said in the Vntvcrsjiy
grounds. I am lovt'h Sergeant of-the company.
;ai)JOCk>E9. i
No ether witnemoaoemg present, the jury de
cided to adjourn until 9 o’clock this morning*
COLtiTO^SbRPtUS.
Appended are tw»-ot the papers -exhibited by
Caiuain Colston, which bare not been heretofore
published i
nXAIKJI'ABTCbS Fiai? nvUST. CIIICAOO VoW..
Cuicauo, Oct. 13. Hit. i
Captain Colston.
tin; You *IH patrol the district named lu the fol
lowing territory: Commencing north at Collage
place, weal to Cultax avenue, south to Utitreraity
place, aud tbeoce east to the lake- |iy order
T. Suctyis
C. n. D?s&, Adjutant
will not arrest citizens
pursuing tneir Iswftti oviieaOons; all p»r»ons arrest
ee will bo delivered to the nearest police station,
with the charge* against them fully prelsrrctL It is
Intended that your command should proserrsttu*
peace and quiet ol th- city iu «o-op*ratluD with the
police force. All saloons uol closod by the Mayor's
proclamation, at S o'clock, pm., will be closed, and
thf name of lb* proprietor and number reported, to
thetoheadquarters. 0.(1. Urea, Adjutant.
xhk rcNKxat
of the deceased took piac j irom the residence of
bis mother-io-law. No, IS Bryant place, at 1
o'clock y«terd«y afternoon. It was an unos
tentatious one, although tbo friends of me Jo l
onel assembled in l-rg« numbers to take n last
look at bis genial countenance, and say Fare
well. forever.”.. The.body was taken to Oak
wood Cemetery, and buried with Jlaiooio honors.
Kilwinning Lodge, ol which bo was a member,
consigning to their last resting-place the re
mains ot a donrly-bclured and devoted brother.
West Side Citizens* Steeling*
A meeting ot tbe citizens of the West Side
was held ou Salwrcay evening at Martino's Hull,
ns it was stated in.tbo eaji, to consider matters
of public importance-and to recei;a the report of
tbo Comtm't- f' h&ij M
Almighty God in that ho stayed the conflaration
which lately departed tho city within bounds
which left houses to many who otherwise
would be homeless. and while the
public mourn for friends bereft of
bothe. It is to be urged that there be
an exercise of forbearance nod indulgence among
all who have business relations, to secure the
effective distribution -f means of redress. 1 hose
who have money and credit are reeomnusnded to
use it in giving employment, looking toward the
rebuilding of tbe city: that inducements be given
to the merchants and shippers of the Northwest
ito find immediate conveniences of trade. Put
at tbe same time there is to be deplored any sec
tional, local feeling when only harmony and
co-operation is to bo looked for. As to political
matters, tho report advised a consolidation of
p-ditleal Influences, to procure tbe election of
honest men of cither psrty nominated by both.
til committees were appoint'd: A general
Executive Committee, with P. "W. Gates. Chair
man: on the restoration of records, C. C. Bon
ney. Chairman: on public and private charities.
Bishop Foley to preside; od printing, Richard
Edwards, Chairman; on finance, A. M. Hillings.
Chairman; on elections, with Monroe Heath as
Chairman.
The meeting resolved itself then into a politi
cal meeting, tho speeches taking the range of
abusing office-holders and objecting to the pres
ence of an opposition, so-called, ol the domi*
nant party.
POUBTH PBESBVTERIAJV CHCKCH.
Meeting of the Congregation Yesterday
—BOO Members Homeless—An Appeal
for Aid—Committees Appointed.
The Fourth Presbyterian Church. Prof. Dadd
Swing, pallor, held their first service since the
fire in Plymouth Church yesterday morning,
through the kiodncss.of tbo Trustees of that con
gregation. After a sermon by the pastor.the
church iras called together by the appointment
of Mr. Horaco A. Hartburt, Chairman, and Mr.
If. S. Brown, Secretary. Prof. Swing presented
tUo following, paper, asking fur aid from other
churches of the snmo denomination:
•’The Fourth Presbyterian Church of Chicago
surpassed all the Presbyterian churches ol tbo
city in (he length and breadth of her suffering
by the recent fire. The house of worship, tbo
Krio Mission School, the business bouses, and
the homes of oil her members are in tubes.
The homes of one hundred and twonly-firo fami
lies are burned up. and when t these families
we add tbe persons who boarded in buildings
now consumed, wo find that about eight hundred
E arsons who worshipped in that church arc
omoless to-day. This church was supporting a
missionary in Africa and one among the Germans
in tbe borne field, and was each Sabbub teaching
about six hundred children in mission schools.
By this calamity all her works are stopped,
and all hearts depressed. Looking out upon a
square roUu of mins, she asks her sister churches
wnure prosperity smiles to help her rise
from the dead ashes. Her scattered members
will come back and rebuild their homes if out
side loro and sympathy shall cheer their hearts,
•and lay the f •umlations of a new bouse of wor'
ship. Toward this work each member will oon
tribute to the utmost of bis ability. Tbe hour is
dark, the call is argent, or no such words ooald
bo written.
David Swing.
Oliver 11. Lee,
lIOBACK A. 1/I’Bt.BUCr,
IlEvnr W. Kino,
H. P. Waite.
Charles Miiuuwjt.”
Donations may bo forwarded to Henry W.
King, corner of Canal aud Waabingiou, or Hor
ace A. llarlbart, 6SO Michigan avenue.
Ibo call for aid was adopted os presented, and
five thousand copies directed to be printed lor
attribution.
Too following committee was then appointed
to confer with Prof. Swing, asking him to con
tinue his labor with the ctuirch and to consider
the advisability of presenting bis call, in person,
to tbo churches of the East; Wui. A. Ewing,
Henry W. King, J. McGregor Adams. B. V.
Page. Horace A. Hurlburt.
The following committee of ladies was also ap
pointed to look after the wants of the most
needy sufferers in the congregation. Mrs.
Abijab Keith. Mrs. Wm. Sturgis, Mrs- P. V.
Kellogg. Mrs. J- McGregor Adam.*, Mrs. Wirt
heater. Mrs. Cuarles Muilikcn, Mrs. Walter
Kimball.
On behalf of the Trustees of Plymouth Cnurch.
Mr. 0. S. Hough and Judge Gookms tendered the
use of their church for either the aitiroon**
nr evening lor the use of the congregation of the
Fourtu Church.
For this act of kindness they were most warm
ly thanked by a ci’ca voce Vole of tho congrega
tion.
The meeting was marked by n most cheer*
ing determination on tbo part «.f all to maintain
the organization of tbo ebureb. to gather togeth
er the scattered members ol tbo congregation,
and to commence the rebuilding of the church
as soon as possible.
LAWYERS AND LA. kV-BOOKS.
Appeal to the Members of tbo Legal
Profession in tbe United States and
Great Britain in Behalf of tbe Legal
Profession of Chicago.
No class suffered more In the fiery ordeal
through which Chicago has posted than the legal
profession. They numbered about 500. Most of
them ore young men with small means—devot
ing, from year to year, their surplus earnings for
the purchase of law books. A large number of
libraries thus collected wero worth from §IO,OOO
to §20,000. The value of Jaw-boots destroyed in
the Law Institute and private libraries exceeds
SIOO,OOO. Many of the lawyers. In easy circum
stances, lost not only their libraries, but their
homes, and all their personal property
,of every description, excepting the
clothing they wore in their
flight from tho fire-fiend pursued them from
house to bouse. No w.irds’Cin adequately de
scribe the horrors of that night, when tbu hear*
»>t»* w.m literally on 1
winch the'combustion of ordinary fuel seemed
harmless.
Having been associated with tho legal profes
sion, at the bar nod upon the bench, for forty
years, and having escaped the calamity that has
overtaken most of my brethren m this devoted
city, aud being, at the present timo, in no way,
judicially or by practice, connected with the
U-gd profession, I assume tho responsibility of
appealing to tho legal profession of the Lotted
Slates and Great liritain in oebalf of the thica
g-» bar. I suggest that tho responsa to this ap
peal be modu in law-books.
In order tn avoid tho inconvenience of mis
cellaneous contributi-ns, and that the books
contributed may be memorials of the generosity
and sympathy of theooniributors. I suggest that
the bar of every State capital inaugurate an
awociaiion. to include alUho l*gul profusion of
such State that may desire to join it, the object
of which shall be to procure and forward, as a
donation to the Cbicngo Law Institute all the
legal literature of such Slate, including the
st itntcs and report*, nnd treatises on legal sub
jects by cilix.ns of such Stole. Tba: the associa
tion bo designated Association of the Members
of the Legal Profession of the Slate of tor
the Relief of Legal Profession ot Cbicag». M
Tnat association? be formed by tho bar of each
county, to act in concert with the bar at the cap
ital o! the State. Thai, inhich county or bar,
legal caps be prepared with proper heading, and
signed by all contributors, with place of resi
dence. That each page contain ten signatures.
That these be preserved, and forwarded, with
tbu books, to be kept by the Institute as a me
morial. uot only ot an unprecedented calomtty.
but especially of the liberality and generous
sympathy of lb* legal profession.
Toe Onicago Law Institute is a corporation, in
cluding in its membership nearly alt the lawyers
in the c'uy. Its library and fixtures, before the
fire, exceeded §50,000 in value.
Should this appeal be responded to, I am as
sured by prominent members of the Institute
that the by-lawi will bo modified so as to make
it free for nil members of tho least profession in
tho United States and Great liritain. and the
members of the Institute only assessable to an
amount suflicieat to kesp UP the library and pay
current expense*. T
I would also suggest that the banks of Loi-dop,
Edinburgh. BnbUn, and other cities iq Or. at
Britain, correspond and act in concert in pro
curing E glisa. 3c itch, and Irish.reports an I
log.il publications, and that tbev a plan
situiiar to that proposed for the Lui'cd States, or
a better «>nc. as circumstances and superior wis
dom may sogtest. John M. W ilson,
Ex-Chief Justice of the Superior Court of Chicago
AimouuceuicuU
RaoiomPost, Q. A. 8., will assemble at their I
bali.No. 82 Wifi Randolph street, od Monday j
evening, at tbe usual time.
—On next Wednesday there will be opened a
free diipehsary at the Woman'* Hospital, No.
£93 West Adams street. Patient* will be treated
and medicines famished from 1 to 2 p. m. every
I day.
—All members of the Chioago Western Home
stead Association are requested to meet at So.
125 South Desplnines street, on Monday evening.
Business of Importance to be transacted.
—ln consequence of tbe City Quyerowent h&v-
I ing taken th*- hall of Warren Lodie, the Good
Templars’ Ballet Committee will meet at the
re-ideneo of J* L. Drake, No. 31 Price place, un
til lurihar notice.
—The Cumm -n Council trill meet at Room 5,
Masonic Temple, corner of West Randolph and
Ealsiei streets, <»a M today evening. The City
Clerk’s office will bereatter be at the same room.
--All Belgian residents ut thisefy are request
ed to report tb'oir losses and condition t£ tne
Belgian Cooettinte, 509 West \Ta»hlogioo Arenas.
Cantributiaua nr» expected for tbe 'needy ones,
and tbs Belgian CO i.-ul. Dr. Uenrotm. wishes to
make a just distribution of thasame.
—Welcome L->dg«, Knights of Pythias, will
meet Ibis cTcmbg in the Odd Follows’ liail,
I norihvast torncrol lisl-tcj and Madison streets.
A ftuLaUbndSnce U desired, to take action la
;regard to. relieving brothers in distress.
I —At.* meeting v f tbo Columbian Club held at
I No. Bd.Wcst Randolph street. yosterd iy aiter
noun, a resolution was parsed appointing a com
itaiitea to cunfer with the General Relief Com
-1 eltteo at their meeting, to be i.cid in tbe Con-
gregotionai Church, corner of Ann and Wash
-1 iugtoo streets, this afternoon at 2 o’clock.
1 —The' Finance Committee of the Common
Council will be in session at the Mayor’s office,
corner ol Hubbard c-urt and Wabash avenue,
every aUernoon, commencing at 2 p. m. on uk
23d instant, to consider the question of tbe re
dnotion of expenses and the preparation of the
tax ordinance.
The office of tbo Cbegrrpafionfli Brcrne was
burned, and with it tne November number
nearly ready for pubilsvtioa. But the publisher.
Rev. 0. B. f. SaVsge, D.D., saved the mail book,
and the nomber lor November will be issued
vitnin tbe months from tbe oew office of tbe Sem
inary Building. Union Park.
fhe public schools of (be city will ro-open
to-merrow. This aonanaecmcot includes (be
High and Normal Schools, and all the grammar
nud primary schools, except those of the North
Division, mod those ol ice South Side which
1 waa included in the burnt district.
A Remedy For a Great Outrage.
To thf Editor of Th< QucCffo Tnbunt
There are many lab trios toon who; notwith
standing there is abundance of employment, at
fair wages. absolutely refuse to work for leu
than 53 or $4 per day. It is known that many
of ihrao men arc drawing support from the Re
lict Society. To stop ibis Irani upon the public
charities it would be well that alt persons who
hare labor should obtain the name aud residence
of each applicant fut employment, and on any
1 laborer refuting to work a r current wages his
1 name and residence should be banded to the Re~
I liet Society to prevent bit subsistence from that
source. A Citizen.
Chicago. Oci. 21, 1871.
—Loudr
MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1871.
btICIPE.
A Carpenter who Lost His All In the
Eire Becomes Demented Blows
Out His Brains.
Another man committed aoicide, yesterday,’
the second whoso death by hla own hands can be
attributed to a demented state of mind, earned
by losingall he ha.i in tho great fire. Tho first
case, as tho reader- jf The Teisv.sb are aware,
waa that of a sergeant in tho Norwegian Guards,
who cut his threat with a razor. That of yester
day was of a man o&med W. E. Longwortby, a
carpenter, who lived at No. 99 South Clinton
street. lie took rooas at the house mentioned on
tho Ist of this month, and his habits led every
one m the place to suppose that he was a bach
elor. He bad had a ahop on Court place, be
tween LaSalle and Fifth a venae, and bad done a
good business. Hu building, implements and
made-up stock were burned on that terrible
Monday mornmg.atd tho loss of all he possessed
made him down-hearted. On the Tuesday fold
lowing be began drinking, and since th«n bad
been continually intoxicated. Ho returned to bis
boardinghouse late on Saturday night last, and
relink without making any noise. About ball
past 8 o cluck yesterday morning tho landlady
heard the report of a pistol, but paid no atten
tion to Jhasabo supposed another boarder was
cleaning his revolver. Longworthy did not make
bis appearance at breakfast, and the landlady,
thinking be was ill. went to hie room toaeeif
she ooutd bo of any service to him. She pushed
opun the door oi his nom, and took bnt onestep
over the tbresbhoid, when she started back,
almost paralyzed -nub horror. Not, six feet
from her, seated m a rooking-chair, ‘was Long
worthy’s lifeless body. His clothing, which con
sisted of a shirt and drawers, and nis neck,
face, and bands, were covered ifith blood. On
the flour, near bis loft leg, was 'a largo-sized re
volver. the weapon vitb which he had killed
himself. lie -had pat the muzzle in
bis month and palled the trigger.
The Coroner was .notified, and in tho.
aftsrnoon the body win taken to the Morgue,'
where au inquest was held. His lots by the firo
is said to have been SsOOO. Ho held a policy for
SI,S<XI in the CommercaJ, and, feeling confident
that ho would receive little or nothing from that
source, and having Du other moans to start in
business, bo. no doubt, joncludcd to end bis work
In this world, lie was t German, and about 45
yean of age. Very liti.e is known of his ante
cedents, and whether b« had any family or rela
tives living in this State could not bo ascer
tained.
THE CITY IX BRIEF.
An Unfortunate Mon,
Dr. Uenrotin, whi lived on the North Side, a
little more than a fortnight ago, was among the
thousands who wcr« compelled to pull up stakes
and fly before the fury breath of the great con
flagration. U« juccjoded in accomplishing no
leas than six differeat moves, leaving some goods
at every fancied pla:o of security, until, at last,
h* found be had Dotting loft him bat his family
and a horso and biggy. lie had congratulated
himself on saving tie horso and buggy, for the
reason that both veru of a superior quality.
His horse bo bad refused to part with
for a large suit ot money, and he
put a high valuation on the vehicle. On Satur
day he was driving along Ashland arenas, and
wheu about to cross the railroad track, found a
locomotive almost upon him. The signalman's
bat and a long line of fence bad intercepted the
view, nor did ibo signalman think proper to
show himself until tie locomotive was close up.
The horse was frightened. leaped across tho
track, threw the Doctvr out of bis buggy, smashed
the vehicle io slick* and shreds, run like a
streak to Western avenue, plunged b!s bead
■gainst a curbstone, and broke his neck. The
Doctor hnd, on the previous da>. invested
>u a t air of cheap shoes, which saved him ken
injury, ns the Hoes caurbt round bis heel. He
would doubtless Lave been dragged some dis
tance had uot the cheap heel come off.
Delicate and Energetic Philanthropy.
Among tbo tunny instances of noble, unselfish
And uMirtnc teal in icualt of the sufferers in
this city by the groat fire, on the parto) people
iruta all portion* ot America, (hero is one worthy
of especial mention, fit. Louis was amonc tbe
very Gr«t to sond a relief delegation
with aim unlimited supplies of
inonov. provisions. clothing, etc., and
the ladies of fit. L uis were represented by Ml*s
Tuoobe Coutins, wno has remained hero contin
ually, making it her especial object t* seek out
that numerous cliis ot people who. affluent and
luxuriously situated but a short time beioro.
c uU uut bring themselves to seek relief, and
whose sensitive pride rendered it impossible ior
them to take their places in the ranks at tbe
district depots aud await their lime in the gen
eral rush fui bread and clothing. There were
hundreds of such people in Chiosuo~po»i>.o who
would rather starve than avail thcmsclvas of tbo
ouly existing channels of help, and it was
upon the task of seeking tnuso out, and
forcing upon their unwilling acceptance
tbe bare necessaries of life, ttiat Miss Cousins
devoted ber energetic efforts. With tbe delicacy
and tact ol a truly refined woman she has slea-l
ily lab ired in tins peculiar field, meeting with
especially marked success among her own sex.
and *he deserves to have it said that tbe Chi
cago sufferers may not be reckoned by iCo&es,who
will ever remember Miss Cousins as one of tbs
most gratclul and valuable ot tbo contributions
ufS:* Louis.
Employment Offered.
Servant giris of good character who wish to go
out Wes:, cm obtain situations in good families.
«t Wages from 520 to SdO per month. For .parti
culars apply at No. 125 South Desplaine# street,
where mlurfflatioa and assistance will bo gif eo.
—Ail respectable citizens of Chicago, who
would appreciate a homo in a Shaker commun
ity at North Union, Wareosville, Cuyohoga
Cuunty, Ouio, seven miles east of Cleveland, can
apply to W. Wentworth. No. 161 Centro avenue.
—Mr. P. K. Cadi, of Elk Ridge Landing, Aid.,
offers govd wages and employment to twenty-five
German or Irish laborers, and promises to find
employment lor a number of_othexs.
The -Catholic Library.
At a largo ami enthusiastic meeting of the
members ot the Union Catholic Library Assocta
lion. heldatCatt'e UaV,comer ul llalstcdand
Adam? streets, yesterday olteruoon, u was unan
imously resolved Immediately adopt measure*
lor the ro-cSlabJishinent of the Library, and »V.
J. English, Thomas Bi-mman, -Uis* M. t. Bu
chanan, James Gogglft. and Jeremiah jlanoney
were appointed a coiumillco to prepare
an appeal for donations of books. All
members bating books ot the associa
tion were requested in return them
to 35314 West Taylor street, where cooinbuliona
and d matioQS will bo received.. From the spint
evinced attho juseiiog, there u no ddhbt bnl
tne library will bo a fat greater success than
ever. There will be n meeting at the same place
next Sunday.
Yesterday’s Tiroa.
A kerosene lamp exploded In the building No
ll South Canal street a few nunuici before 9
«»’cloek list evening. A lady bad the lamp in
her bund at the lime. Only the upper part was
blown off, and as she kept the lower part, in
wbion tn« oil was. in h«r band, none of it was
scattered on the floor. No damage was done.
—At twenty minutes to 5 o clock yesleriwy
afternoon, au alarm was given frorn DjiAa.
Jdl lor fire la a barn in the roar of No. 161 West
ern avenue, owned by Jjhu Connell. Loss nom
inal. Cause unknown.
—At 9 o’clock last evening B-»x No. 34- was
turned in for fire in a two-srory frame building
on Wright street, near DespUine*..- It was oc
cupied by several Bohemian families, who re
moved their effects. The boose,was damaged lo
the extent ot j200; insured inn city company.
The origin of tho fire is unknown.
—Tue alarm from Box No. 29, at half-past 30
o’clock last evening, was occasioned by an in
cipient fire in a frame building m the vicinity of
Fourteenth and State streets. No damage was
done, aud the services of tho firo department
were not needed.
Bebullding.
E Kent Co. have decided to rebuild im
mediately.* The basement wiH be of red sand
it.iQc; the superstructure of Philadelphia
prosed brick, with sandstone trimming*. The
block is on Monroe street. Just east ot Laballe.
—the Director# of the. Chamber 6i Commerc*
have agreed to rebuild with stone. the new
building will be lupetu-r to the old one in every
i W —A. Brown, of St. Peal, Minn., who lost two
four story brick stores on River sireet, hee al
ready commenced' rebuilding them, end he#
brought down men end material from Minnesota
lur that purpose- A
a. S. McLean has already contracted fpr tire
erection of a' tbreo story ana basement bnok
building 45*100 «>n Monroe street, between La
strert and Fifth avenue. Reveain Jc Street
are iho architects.
i. U. McVicker Intends to Uu thea
tre on the old Bite.
Miscellaneous.
Captain B. B. Bullwinkl*. of the Chicago In*
soranco Patrol, acknowledge* the receipt of
SILO, the gift "1 the Boston In.«araoco Brigade,
through Chief Engineer Damrcllj, to the Cbi-
C —Toe member! of the 0 immlitee on Medical
Belief are recurs **d to call at the office of the
Committee, No. 314 Michigan avenue. before
noon to-Jay. _,
—General iherldan, on being made officially
I acquainted with the condition of affairs in wis*
1 c.ns.o, by Governor Fairchild, at once issued
i or urs for the despatch of 4.000 army blankets.
I i,(h)o overcoats, and 100 wagon* fog (he relief of
the s«ffer*Ti ot that Slate.
—At a Joint meeting ot Scandinavian societies
In Aomca-Wroer Hail, on Saturday, the follow
ing gentlemen were appointed a Scandinavian
C.Mitr.il Keltal Oomo.ittae; Jacob Nelson, “J.
Johnson. K. X*. Loberg, Consul P. Leranoe, K.
Erickson. F. Franuen, F. S. Winslow. George
lljffajar.. Consul E. Fruicr. Geo. Olceon, C. Sun
dell, A. SHvcrparre, J. A. Nebco, John Lundln,
and 11. P- Gryuen.
—A publication in one of the evening papers
s’aied. on Friday last, that General Edward P.
Niles, Deputy County Clerk, bad become insane
to the extent ot Irensy. and that he waa Uken to
take. The General has been on duty Jn-tbe
Clerk’s Uffiae, hour by hour and day by day,
since the Br«;he is now on duly there;, and."
from all appearances, U .ia far from a won compos
condition as ha «.r any other man over was.
—A brick lock-op is to pe bout at tbo’ First
Prcc.nct Station House at once. Laborers axe
*a~rcc, so tho policemen were employed all day
Saturday in removing the plaster from tae
bricks that formed the walls of the Jpnes School,
adjac-nt to whion is the station b'fluie. Work
ou the walls of tho lock-up will be commenced to
day policemen who are bricklayers having been
detailed to put it up. Policeman ShiDpey.ol
the Lake street squad, baa charge of the work.
—Toe body of a man was found in the river
near Qiudrich’a dock, yesterday. It was very
1 much decomposed, and bad evident-y been in
the water for month. An inquest wiU be held
to-day.
Hyde Park Matter*.
At the regular meeting «f tbe UyJo.Park
Boaid of Trnsteoa, held on Saturday afternoon
lost, bills and pay-nils for tbe week, amounting
to 32.647.94. were ordered psid»
Tbe Clerk reported that the memorial previ
ously adopted eoald not b« presented to the Leg
slatnre before it adjourned.
It woi resolved that in roads of GO feet in
width, tbe road bed shall be 42 feel and the side
walk 12 feet wide; in roads of 80 leet, (bo road
bed to b« 45 foci* nod the sidewalk ITVi teet; in
ro.tds of 100 feet, tbe ro*d bed to be 50 leet, and
lb* sidewalks Si lent wide.
2)io Cotomittoo or <’own Rials wore author
ifff to piece on the' ,s?wo ntlas immediately, all
acf plan which by been approved and record
ed,?* It is conicnT have now assessment
buPk«pr**nr
time of payment to twenty year*. If necessary
the first year's levy to be only gufiwient to pay
the Interest on the park bonds. and the ease to
be increased, year by year, ae the people become
able to'pay.
The subject of raising foode for the apeedy
completion of Fiity-flrst street aewer wae re*
ferred to the Committee on Construction.
Additional Names of Mining Persons.
The Hon-.E. P. Carpenter, of Foxboro, Mass.,
Is missing. Any Information as to his where
abouts shonld be sent Uo hUJfamlly in Foxboro,
or to H. J. Goodrich, No. $45 Cottage Grove av
enue.
—The Rev. Dr. Rylanoe would be glad to learn
the address of Mrs. Murray, Mrs. KUgrove, Mrs.
Glasson. or any other of 'the aged poor of St-
James' parish. Dr. Rylanco may be heard of at
No. 58 Canal street.
—Miss Eliza Herbert, wbo b'oarded at No. 208
State street, next to the Palmer House, or any
ot her Mends or acquaintances,' are earnestly
requested to-communicate any information re
specting her to her uncle, D.R.DeCosu, No. 19
North Fourth street. Philadelphia.
—Mathew and Michael Tigbe.it saTe.will please
inform the Hey; Dr. Ewer, at tbe'Bisbop’s resi
dence on West Washington street to-day. so that
bo can inform their trlehds in New York who
are very anxious regarding their welfare.
—M. J. Trover, ot 972 North Clark street, re
port to John Trover, Anaawan, 111.
—Miss Mary Sennlte.aged 66years. taken from
a farmhouse at Oraeetand, report to C. L. Meyers
AC0.,68 West Madison street.
—Mrs. Margaret Kiebardion and seven chil
dren, report to Mrs. Mary Hardly. 208 Curtis
street.
—Anthony Hafford. two and a half years, re
port to John Halford, Soldier’s Home.
—Mr*. Margaret Fitzgerald, report to her hus
band, First Congregational church.
—Eentight DuOlfttU, aged lour years. Addle
May. six flora. Albert Wesley, nine years, re
port to W. H. Clnv, 131 Jfocrtb avenue.
—Mrs. W. IL Clay and three children, report
to her husband, 131 Fourth avenue.
—Mary Cooley, eight years, of 44 Illinois street,
report to 102 Indiana street.
L. Carpenter. of3S North State street, re
port to C. U. Carpenter. Worcester, M*«i.
—lnformation wanted of Mn, C'baa, Kelly and
family* of 270 Chicago Avenue, by Mrs. Pother*
bxidee, P«or!a, 111.
-Mn. Mary Ana Curran and daughter. report
to fa*r son at First Congregational Church.
—Rosa Burns, report to W. 11. Clay, 131 Fourth
avenue.
The -Water Supply.
Soma insane or maliciously disposed penoni,
during Friday and Saturday of last week, Indus
triously circulated a report that the supply of
water was to be stopped for three days, com
mencing yesterday. In consequence of this re
port or rumor, many citizens set to work and
filled cisterns, barrels, and everything else that
would hold water, to he used during the dry
season." Tbo following letter from Chief Engi
neer Cregter, of the Water Works, disposes of
the idle report, and contains eomo valuable sug
gestion* to consumers of water:
Hon. GAP, JlokUn, Preiidenl o/ the Common
Council
Bear Sib: Id reply to your inquiry as to the
necessity of stopping the supply of water, as set
orth In the Idle reports of yesterday. 1 desire to
•ay that there is no cause of any kind for such
report. No person connected with this depart*
mem knows of any reason why the supply
should not continue uniform hereafter, unless
some unforeseen accident should bap*
pen. Such contingency hat always ex*
isted. banco the people hare as good
dependence as ever, with the exception that we
bare but one engine In running order, and all
persons should husband the water in order that
we may not be obliged to overtax the single en
gine. Should anytning occur, the Board ol Pub
lic Works will doubtless giro notice, and all re
ports from unauthorized persons may be re
garded as unreliable, D. C-Oeoikh,
Chief Engineer.
Chicago, Oct, 22.1871.
Waibingtoniin Home.
At a meeting of tbo Executive Committee of
tho Washingtonian Borne, held on Saturday
evening, the following resolutions were adopted:
Whereas, The present financial condition of
the city of Chicago precludes tbe expectation «*f
our receiving any portion of (be funds we are
entitled tu by tbe charter for a long time in tbe
future, a.nd we are thereby compelled to make
the Home self-sustaining; therefore.
Retlovtd, That future admissions to tbe Home
reformatory department be restricted to such
persons as will pay their board, end a careful
examination be made, and all such present in
mates as cannot pay their board and can obtain
relief or cure for themselves be discharged,
ifcsu/prd. That tbe proposed arrangement
witn tbe Relief and Aid Committees, to receive
and board worthy persons who have suffered by
tbo fire, be accepted, and the Executive Cum*
aiitae authorized to complete the arrange*
meats.
ifcsofrtd. That twenty feel of ground east of
tho tl-mc, and the;wost thirty-two feet ol the
ground flour ot the Home be leased for business
purposes, under the direction of H- C. Morey.
Secretary, and E. £U Bowen, Committee.
TeleffnplUo. Brevities.
Judge Allison, of the Philadelphia Common
Pleas Court, ku dismissed two Deputy Sheriffs
for conspiring to extort illegal fees. The Judge
was very severe upon the public officers tor ex
tortion*.
—Tbs Sappho beat the Livonia by 31 minutes
In the yacht raoo on Long Island Sound.
—Portions of the wreck and cargo of the pro
peller Coburn are coming ashore near Kingston,
Canada. Two bodies bare been picked up on
the beach, one a mulatto, the other a young
man dressed In a gray suit.
—U is believed that the Grealey Republicans of
New York city will give their active support to
tae nominees of the Keform Democracy.
—Solicitor Bunfield deold**-t%»A.va\«“iw rftaie i
Uciiimiofcr or passengers that any steamer, ex*
oept ferry boats, can accommodate. A creator
number is not allowed than suggests tho cn
l lorcnment of these requirements.
I —Brennan’s defection will be very injurious to
Tammany. Ocher prominent Tammany men
are expected to tallow his example.
—Tho York Time# suggests that in cose a
jury cannot bo found in the city to convict the
municipal thieves, trial should be bad in Sar
atoga County, where the Djmocracy'are not un*
der the control of the Ring. The same journal
charges Turn Fields, a Tammany politician, who
being concerned in the passage, tor a coosidnra
non. ot largo illegal claims against the city.
1 —VftrlousrCportshayegainodcirculation in the
Kjit and itortn that the American Central In
-1 euranoo Company, ol St. Louis, has suspended
under a loss of $360,000 by the. Chicago tire.
IXh se reports are untrue. The loss ot the com*
pauy will hot exceed $250.000,‘ add'will probably
j be considerably leas, every dollar of which will
bo promptly paid as soon as ;adjaatmeots are
I made.
—Henry Howard, agent of the British Govern
ment at Washington, in the matter ot the recop*
ttuu of claims of British subjects on tho United
States, has been instructed not to present any
of those laims until tie claimant has filed in
the office of the commissioners appointed under
the Treaty of Washington a formal statement of
the claim required by the first ot tho rules adopt
ed by the commission.
—Last Sunday the Roman Catholic churches
of Boston and vicinity contributed 815,5«, for
Chicago.
The Uorth American Insurance Company,
of new York* woa suspended yesterday, and a
Receiver has been appointed. Its losses are
estimated at between 8&0.000 and 8700,000. Al
ices about SSOJ.OOO.
.—The New York Chamber .Ot Commerce j
I Chicago relief committee held a meeting yester
day. but on Monday they- will delegate their
powers to a few and permanently adjourn. Tho
sub-cummitue m<t yesterday and relieved the
wants ol a number of destitute Chicagoans in
that city.
—The Collector of Customs at Gloucester,
Mass., has officially notified too Secretory of the
’Treasury ol the leisure of the schooner Edward
A. Horton by the Dominion catter Sweepstakes,
tor alleged violation of the Canadian fishery
laws. Toe owner went to Greensboro to look
alter his vessel, and found her lying at the
wharf, He quietly and peaceably took posies,
lion of the vessel, and tailed for Gloucester.
There bad been no condemnation of the vessel
by the English courts.
—John O. Breckinridge addressed; the people
oi Nashville iu response to a serenade on Satur
day. Having bean called for and introduced,
bo made* a speech returning thanks for the com
pliment, attributing it to the partiality of hli
comrades rather than to bis merit. He did not
seek aueb compliments, nor did he affect indiffer
eooo to them: and. in easting np the sum
of Ufa’s grids and pleasures, be
would place this occasion in the scale
of pleasure. He did not now make speeches,
and itwonld not bo expected ol him. He doubted
whether be could say anything that would be
jp-.pa appropriate than to express the hipethat
all were doing something. Heaild no idle or re
pining man should receive or' be entitled to the
respectof man or of woman. Heboncloded by say
ing be would return in lull measure the affection
exhibited to him. He remained the same man
as in past years. Tennessee was associated
wtlh great scenes and with many, dear recollec
tions of Oil life. He would invoke blessings
upon her,
—A despatch from Melt reports.thatßenons
troubles have 'arista between gba Korth and
South German soldiery in. the garrison there,
and that several eacoanters-bore occurred be
tween the members of Bavarian and Prussian
regiments. ~A
'—M Union City, Xenn., on Saturday night
while the passengers ol a' train on the Mobile
6b io Railroad were at supper, three men
jumped on -the-- engine and ran
the train back -two mil os, while. two
others entered the exprea ear. .robbed the
express safe of about M.OOO and, escaped. The
messenger Was at supper. He had left one man
o-i co*rd. who Wa« <iv»rnfiw»ted by to* robbery.
MaJIRIED.
JIASaKV-aUED-Io tbia city. Oct. I, hr Kec. U.
D. lielnier. A. Gordon ilaa*ey and Mtaa LonUe H.
shod.-
'pEBRt~P6ISISR-Ia fliUdty.Oct, br Ber.
C. B. llalser, Orlando to. Perry »b&i Jlr». lUn a.
Poiaor.. i 1
FISHKH—CASET—In thl» ellfi Oct. U.hy Ber. 0.
D. llelaier, Stephen N. Fieiioraua Min B.dte C«»ey.
DIED,
BOW LEV—Oct. 20. of membranaoaa croap, Cattle,
yvasent ton of Jiat M. and 0. 51. Bowler, aged 13
mit*tuaand2sdaya. Alao. Oct 23, Lott*, yoongeet
daughter of the note, of diphtheria, aged 3 year,, 3
month*, aod Zi day*.
foncral Of the latter to.day, Oct. 23. at 1:30 p.m.,
fntto their residence. &M Poltofi>at. attend* of the
family are Incited.
OOLlslE—ln this city, Oct. 22. at 3 t>- m. t Mist
Annie Goldie. aged 2 and U4tfk
Funeral at bet father**
at., at 11 'O'clock a. B. t -Tne*day,.Oct, 34.'
DORK—DeI. S3. Frankie, Infant sou of F. and
Hary J. Don. aged 7 months atad ZS days.
Funeral on Monday, at t o’clock, from their rati,
deocr, No. I» Aberdeen at. Friends of the family are
invited to attend.
and Duboaue paper* pleaae copy.
PULEgr-At herresfdeooe. .46 Barth Sangami
it.. Mrs. Jets I# Polkey, wo Oct. 23. at 3 o'clock.
N’otlco of fuueral hereafter,
»V Mew York ami Montreal papers (lease copy.
DEWBT—At IreldgFuk/Oet. 2L Alvina, wife of
Washington DeWcy. agvd 53 years, 5 menths.
Funeral Monday, at L o’clock.
BUT Si nltetiUUr please copy.
LOST.
LOST.
During tho fir*, a trunk marked- BBOS3; D. S.
“'1
INSURANCE.
INDEMNITY
Miller Drew’s
taittlpj
472 Wabash-av.
We are prepared to grant insur
ance in the STERLING PACIFIC,”
of San Francisco, whose record is
“TRIED AND TRUE.” Those wish
ing UNDOUBTED SECURITY should
call at our Office, as above.
THE REPUBLIC
Insurance Comp’y,
OF CHICAGO.
508 W abasli-av.
To the Editor of The Tribune;
la reply to criticisms which have appeared in sev
eral of the city papers upon the Republic Insurance
Company, the Executive Officers desire to say. first,
that ,thpM_ article#, hare evidently been dictated
through ft aUappreheuiion of many of the important
facta of the case, derived from aeurces hostile to the
Comwwny, «Ukft wwuld |MSIj im me CuuimQT
plunged Into endleea litigation, and the officers de
prived of the power to pay ont the claimants at once,
M they are now doing, all the available cash asaeta
of tho Company, amounting to 33 cento on tho dollar
ofallcladma against the Company.
Owing to the previous misebievons misrepresenta
tions from tho same eonrcea, that so Chicago Com
pany would be able to pay anything, and the oeces
titles of hundreds of claimants, left without any
moans of anpport, great tmmbers were offering their
claims against the Republic to speculators at prices
ranging from 10 to 20 cents on the dollar; and it
therefore teemed probable that the bulk of the claims
would thus be bought up by speculators, and the
real sufferers fail to realize much, if anything, for
thoir policies, unless the Company could at once
settle with them upon some more equitable basis,
without waiting for formal proofs.
The losses of the Company by the Chicago fire
alone (net including heavy losses io the country oc
curring at the same time} will not be less than *3,
100,000, end will probably reach $3,500,000. To pay
these lessee the company baa in government bonds
(at the present greatly reduced prices) and cash,
available meant of only lOCO.Ouo. To await the un
avoidably stow and laborious process of a regular ad
iostmeat of the claims, and attempt an assessment
upeu four thousand stockholders, scattered all over
the country, from Massachusetts to Colorado and
from Minnesota to Kentucky, would have involved
an almost Interminable delay and litigation. Mean
time, as before stated, the poor, and needy claimants
would have fallen Into the hands of sharpers and
speculators.
In view of all these considerations, the Directors
were led to the conviction that there was but cue
practicable course left to them, namely, to begin
paying ont at once, and without requiring forma]
proofs. 34 per cent on the dollar to the great number
who preferred to accept that, rather than risk delay,
and rbe possibility of the available assets being lied
up and frittered away io litigation.
It scorns strange and unreasonable that while a
very large number of Eastern companies, hitherto
regarded as among the soundest, bavo doted their
doors, and are giving no satisfaction whatever to
claimants, and others still claiming to be
sound, are offsriog compromises at si to SO cents
on the dollar, the Chicago companies should bu made
the target of so much animadversion, and nothing
said as to Eastern companies. Had a fire of half the
magnitude occurred in Now York, Philadelphia, or
any large Eastern city, every Eastern company wonM
have been rendered hopelessly bankrupt, while the
Chicago companies wouM have remained solvent.
Claimants who do not desire to accept 15 cents on
the dollar should col throw any obstacles in tho way
of those who do desire it, as their interests c-nuot be
compromised by the course now being pursued.
Should the creditors of the Company desire to pnt
the Company into bankruptcy and appoint an as
signee, the Executive offleerv pledge themselves to
afford every facility in tbclr power to enable thn aa
slgneo to discharge Ula duties faithfully and efficient
ly, but they are fully convinced that any proceeding
in bankruptcy nr litigation would servo only to in.
jure claimants, nod that they would not in the end
roaliie even 23 cants cu the dollar. Respectfully.
J. U. PAYaOß.Sec'y.
Chicano, Oct, 23, 1371,
p. ha Republic (.Fire) Insurance Company and
the Republic Lire Insurance Company are entirely
distiuct, though frequently confounded. It la the
latter, and not the former, which owns the lot on
Latfalle-st., and is reported as about to rebuild.
Fire Insurance Claims.
All persons having claims for losses by the recent
fire cab obtain (ntaewVoiuirua l»7 the Companies,
and all necessary l>l*nlcs therelor hr applying to
GILBERT A FERGUSON,
Ad'tutsr* of Fire Losses,
Formerly with Security Ins. Co., N. Y„
No. llrfi Fralrie-av.
Insurance Losses.
THOMAS E. FRY.
Losses adjusted and insurance placed, 37 South Cana
st., northwest corner Washington st.
All business in the above line promptly and faith
fully attended to.
.Etna Life Insurance Company
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
Room 2, Ist West Madison st..
Will onr policy-holders who are burned oat send
is their address, also notify ns of any polk-iee or re*
lewals lost. OVIATT, SOUTHWELL A 00.,
Manager.
BUSIHESS QAKDS.
BLANK BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
Jnst received, large invoices of BLANK BOOKS
and STATIONERY, by
EMERSON’, DAVIES 4 STOTT,
AT THE
West Side Library and Music Stare,
239 WEST MADISON-ST.,
between Peoria and Sangamen-sts.
STATIONERY.
Iff- STOTT, (late of the Western News Co,), baa
jnst returned from New York with a full supply of
Blank Bex ks, Wrltiogpaper, Eovalopea, Foreign and
Dotn-stic Stationery, eel.
Orders fur BLANK BOOKS and PRINTING
promptly executed.
KHERSON. DAVIES A STOTT.
539 West 2tadlson»tt., Thompson*• Slock-
D. C- Geary,
Formerly 119 South Clark st. and Ist Fifth ar.,pawn
broker. is located at 63 Bine Island ar. Will beopet
on the tilb.
RESUMPTION.
Wo «re robatldlne on thoolJ ■lte,aodatprM*at
Ic&aKxl at 0( iwaplaloM between Lake ami rat
ion »t»., with a itock of
C-A;2srasnE:iD goods.
Etc., which wo can offer the ttad« at right figure*.
WU. HDM3KN ft SUSS.
Chicago. Oct. 23. IS7I. 61 Dciplalnea at
citr paper* copr.
Sidney Thomas,
ATTO&KSY,
S5 Eml n»rtiw>n»>t.
John N. Jewett, Lawyer,
SOS. AKD 510 MICBIOAS-AV.,
Offices of IlUwoU Central Railroad Company.
Suowhook «fc Gray,
&TTQRSETS«AT>LAW.
M Wet Monro# «t.
Union Foundry and Machine Works,
Corner Fifteenth and Dearborn «fr. will furnish
Iron front* ud bonding work at short notin. Cut
Iron *crap takes from oar cnitomen at tbs old
5. S. UOCTON A CO.
plcfc ChUdek,
Formerly C. Pick, 213 Randolph it..
Fall Stock of Crockery tnd dataware.
Sli SXATK*ST.
A Card.
MBS. W. HOWELL, formerly -with Webster Bren,
oftbl* diy. takes pleasure in announcing'to ber
many friends aud patrons, nod to the public, that aba
can nnw be louud at IWO State at. near Twentr
•eeond at. with complete Hoe of choice millinery.
She will be u free with ber fate and talent aa »T<-r.
John Borden.
law orncu
Sooth Side of Madison. just east of Franklin st„
Besldence 1070 Wabash av.
Smalley’s Packing House,
Open at liS Weet Cbicago-ar..
vrw oi
soon at the old place. 44 Fast Chlcago-av.
Wm. Thomas,
architect,.
TO West Lake-st.
Office Ko.
Light! Light! Light!
Tbe world stilt wants light, and Klefaard Chester,
feeling grateful that he bu escaped the late conflag
ration, would bog leave to announce to his old cus
tomers, and many new once as may wuh to give
him a call, that he hu just received m large slock of
tauterus. kerosene burners and lamps, and la pre
eared to Mil them, wholesale and retail, on tbe most
liberal terms. Alsomannfacturet of marine signals,
canal boat tow Ismpe, and railroad laaterns; aud
repairing -a tbe above Usepromptly attended to. at
Me Old UjVrt. i \V«wt L*k« at.
NUMBER 77.
REVOLUTION
IX THE
Safe Vault Business.
I unprepared to contract to build SAFE VAULTS
of any required capacity, which I will warrant to bo
absolutely FIBE FBOOP, and as nearly BURGLAR
PROOF as auy safe in the market, at a price not to
exceed (he market price of any safe of good reputa
tion of the same capacity.
1 f desired I will pat these SAFE VAULTS into
any building on receiving 2ft per cent of the price
agreed open, and will look to tbo occupants of the
building for ayearly rent for the other 75 percent.
I will construct lire-proof vaults on the same
principle, of any size or shape required, for records
libraries, and anyother valuable articles, at so rea
sonable a price that no person or corporation baring
things worth preserving can afford to be without
one.
Orders first received will be filled first* as far as
practicable. So order will be received except upon
the payment of the S3 per cent.
I shall soon be prepared to explain this invention,
and the principle of the constrnction of these safe
vaults, of which I will give due notice; at which
i time I think 1 shall be able to satisfy the most skep
tical that I mean what 1 say, and that I can per
form what 1 promise,
I shall place these SAFE VAULTS In all my
buildings, and. first cfall, in the building which 1
am about to pot np on the north half of the block
on the southwest corner of Washington and Market
its., whsre the Board of Trade are to have tempora
ry accommodations until they shall have reboilt
upon their old site. Ail my tenants can have all the
safe accommodation! they may desire, upon deposit
ing with me. when taking possession, the regular
ik**-a 'vw, is-/ M, *mr«uu tuey sur
render possession thoir money will be returned to
them, Usa 10 p«r cent, W4I. W. FARWELI.,
171 W>st Washington st.. Chicago. 111.
TYPE.
GREAT WESTERN
Type Foundry,
50 West Kandolph-st,
Having survived tbs Hre, we are located aa above.
We have a quantity of Type on hand, and mortar*
riving. Will sooa bare Machinery In running ord«r
On and after the 23d, will bare our Lead-Casting and
Braaa Bole Departments ready to supply coatomers
BARNHART BROS. A SPINDLES.
Northwestern Type Foundry,
MILWAUKEE.
This foundry baa now on hand fifteen ton* of Eng
lish end Herman type. It consiata of all sizes, from
nonpareil to pic*. A half iloeen dreaaee for large*
•deed papers can be furnlabed at oner, with leans,
rule*, etc., to match. The Milwaukee Sentinel,
News, and Vindicator are referred to aa eamplee of
the type manufactured at this foundry. For beauty
of face and finlah, aa well aa toughness of metal, the
trpoma-teat lhl« foundry will compare favorably
with the type sold by any other foundry iu the world.
I have also several flrat-claaa press* and joblwre for
sale. J. A. NOONAN.
ff3J”A fim-clsss electrotype foundry U attached to
the type foundry.
October 1871.
RAILROADS.
Pittsburgh, Ft. Wayne
xsi>
Chicago Railway
IS ALL TLIO-KET
Train* leave from corner of Madison and
Canal atreets Chicago, aa hcrutofuru.
OtOO A. M. Express entire train with Pcßmon's
Palace Cara through to New York without
change.
5i15 P. M. Exnrecs with Pullman's Palace Cara
through to New York without change.
OtOO P. M. Express with Pullman's Palace Cara
through to New York without change.
StSO A.M. Mall stops at all stations.
3i45 P. M. Valparaiso Accommodation.
Tickets for Fanage and Sleeping: Cora
at depot.
W. C. CLELASD,
Aset. Gen'l Passenger Agt.
CHICAGO, BOCK ISLAND PACIFIC
NOTICE—The Pa*»engor Depot of thl* Company 1*
now I oca ted at (be corner of Polk and Sbencan-st*.,
at which place train* arrive and depart a* usual.
HUGH RIDDLE. Oen. Sup't.
A. 9. SMITH, Gen. Van'ger Agent.
General Offlc** an# located at the corner of Clark
and Twe\fth«al«.
FAVORITE ROUTE WEST.
OHIO AGO, BURLINGTON QUINCY
KAILBOAD.
Until farther notice passenger train* will leave and
arrive at new depot.
Corner Indiana-aT. and Sixteenth-st.
Parmalee's Omnibus Line will transfer passengers
and baggage to and from nil hotels and depot*.
Tickets, bleeping Car Berths, and Baggage Checks
can be sarered at the depot.
General Offices, U)2 Michlgan-av. Out Freight De
pot corner Canal and Sixteenth.»fs.
HAM’L POWELL, General Ticket Agent.
E. A. PAKKEU, Geo. West. Passenger Agent.
KOUBBT UARIUA.General Superintendent.
HOTELS.
IBi TREMdIT HOUSE,
Formerly Mlchigan-at. Hotel,
Corner Congress-st. Micblgan-ar.
The only flnl-class hotel la the South Division,
and the only hotel la the clip having a Passenger
Elevator. Saits of rooms, baths and closets at
Cached. The old patrons of the Tremont will be wel
come. JNO. B. DRAKE, Proprietor.
Wood’s Hotel,
393 Stata*it., corner Hobbard*coart, Chicago. 11l
ENOCH WOOD, Proprietor.
Fimt-clM* accommodation*. Charges rwuonabl*
SCHOOL BOOKS.
Ivison, Blakeman, Taylor Co.
PUBLISHERS OF THE
American Educational Series of
SCHOOL AND COLLEGE
TEXT BOOKS,
Recently at 133 and 133 Stata-it., ara already estab
llihtd at
273 WEST BANDOLPH-ST.,
Whir* a continuation of the liberal patronage of tbe
teacher* and educator* of the Northvut is rrfpect
fn!l^^m
GROCERIES.
READY FOR BUSINESS.
F.D.COSSETT&CO.
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
Michigan-av., near Monroe,
Are now reeelvlae their new and complete. stock,
and wilt be able during (be vnk to fill all orders
promptly. We return heartfelt thanks to oar cus
tomers who base so kindly manifested their foods
wilt in onrtlme of need, and shall bo pleased t
serve them In onr new location.
We would request those still indebted to natofur*
ward lh«*Sr remntances at once.
ClßecMMSras,
Wo bare resomtd basinesa at 140 Michigan av.-
corner Monroe; have tome foods of our large assort
moot of
Staple Fancy Groceries
On band, and am receiving more daily; will soon b
tn condition to supply all oar customers with any
thlof th«*y may need In o«r line promptly. Thank*
ins them fo. past far ora and tbe prompt manner In*
which they have remitted, we (ball fire their future
order* our prompt attention,, and fIU them at tho
Lowest jMarket Figures.
CARPETS, Era
Carpets, OR Cloths, and Curtains,
E. F. Hollister Co.
Here reopened their CARPET WAREHOUSE at
Nos. (0 and .12 North Canal-st.,
Up stairs, (Hale A Bros'. Furniture Store.)
We have received an entire new stock since tbe fire.'
and are receiving new foods dahy, Shall soon be
able to eopplv the wants of onr trade as nsnal.
JEWELLERS,
WATCHE
In tlie I^i:
Wa request that all oar friends and cm:
on tu at an early day and give further di
ref art! to their watches left wjtfc nsf-ir
fore the great fire. We hire tafcfa th-»n
safes in a damaged condition. tut we h->
peccthatrery few are spoiled. Onrjob
good order, and will b-* delivered as once
We retain iIr.TBA.VIS MASON. ourV
watch and chronometer maker. ti'g»th*r w
pUto corps Ot watchmakers; also. Mr.
ear experienced diamond Seiterand j-w?n
Wears now in running order auam, nr.
pared to do our work and fill oar orders mo
if than ever, and shall always make t!i
low aaany first-class homo. We shall in
new foods the coming week, which will
large stock of Spencer A Co.'s celebrated
Spectacles and hys Glass**.
J. B.MAYO&i
468 State-s
Between Peck and Harmon courts. «i:ccr*-
31. A J. B. MAYO, 130 State. coroerJl+dw
GILES, BRO,
HAVE OPENED AT
158 Twenty-Second-st., near
With a full line of goods. O
promptly filled. With man
goods saved, and through
New York and Parisian ho
thev can offer all their ft
inducements to purchaser
ROOFING.
THE UNITED STAT]
Pipe-Protecting
Roofing Lo.
Capital mini $500,0
OtDc-e, 104 West Washington- 1
Works, 161 and 166 West Monn
Are now prepared t» cuctrac: f’r
ROOFIHC?
And the sate of at! kinds of ROOFING M VTE.
on mere favorable term* THAN ANY Ol
HOUSE in Chicago. The Roofing wr> noir ot
the pablic It thorocglily fire and watcr-prou
known aa the
MINERAL ROOF.
Partiea preferring th* Tar and Grav.d K.iotir,
be accommodated. All work guarantued.
O. S. Hubbard. R. T. Crane, I’, \V. Gate*.
Bouton. Seth Wadbam. Stiles A>nn*y.
G. S. Unbtard, Presidont; R. T. Oran*. Vj,-.> V
dent; N. 9. Unntuu. Treasurer; J. V Itvv-rli''
retary: K. L. H. Gardln-r, General Siip-n'int-n
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
Anchor Lin
V
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS
NEW TORE. :LIYKRPOOL. GLASGOW. V.
All agente are notified that no interrupter,
occurred in our bnainese. which is now earned v
NO. TO TWENTY-TIHRD-ST.
The royal mail steamer Sweden-wiR ni! on \V
daf, October 23, at 12 noon, from Pier 3> Norm it
Cabin. S&j and $73. Intermediate. SZ3. Su
s26—all In currcncv.
Oar mail is regularly delivered. Remit br-x
r New York bank draft.
HENDERSON BROTHER.*.
_ _ No. To Twvt.ty-ihvr t
JAMESWARRAfK. General M.n.c-r,
INMAN LINI
Carrving the British anr
United States Mails.
office of the Steamship.
is at
39 West Kinzie-st.
FKAJS CIS C. HJiO WN,
Anchprliine
No Interruption to Business.
Steam twice a week between New Vork, Load it
derry, Glasgow, Llrerpool, London. Hamburg. II r t
Ben, Gctheoberg, ObrlitianU. etc., etc. Lo«v,:.
current rates of passage, nod unsorpajja-l uccomim
dations. Cabin plana on view. Berth, or Su: j.
rooma secured. Sight Drafts on Europe for aar
amount. Send for circular.
South Side General Office. 70 Twenty>third-st.
West Side Branch Office, 43 South Canal-st.
HENDERSON BROTHERS. Chic.ag
TAILORING.
First in the Field!
New Goods
RECEIVED THIS DAY. Stock
complete. Every department in
mil runnine order.
MATHEWS MASON,
659 Wabash-av.
NEWSPAPERS.
Chicago Papers,
The WESTERN NEWS COM
PANY, 105 West Raudolpli-st.,
desire to advise their cusloinc:
who have orders with them tor
the Chicago Dally Papers, tin:',
at present It Is Impossible to sup
ply on time onc-tcnth of the or
ders for these papers. As soon
as the printing facilities of lira
various papers will admll, all
orders will be supplied os regu
larly as before tbe Are,
railway cab springs.
TOSPMDBHCO.,
Railway Gar Springs
AND SUPPLIES,
Office 446 State-s t
Warehouse Lein? erected on Miclii
gan-av,, near Harrlson-st. Fresh stmv
anlrin?.
SAIT AND CEMUTT,
SALT! CEMENT
Full stocks on hand. Orders
filled promptly,
HASKINS, MARTIN &WHEELEU,
OtSce temporarily at &S€ South Canal-st.. Chi.
financial*
Safe Investment.
NORTHERN PACIFIC 7-M GOLD BOND?.
BetnrnabU in SO yean, or exchangeable at la per
cent premium at any time tor the lands o.
th* company, are fur sale by
LtXT. PBESTOX A KEUN,
Corner el Hllated and Wasbington-sts.,
Masonic Building,
EDUCATIONAL.
St* Ignatius College.
413 West Twelfth at.
Stndles In this Institution will be resumed <*n
Monday; Oct, IS 1571. JNO. S. VERDIN, S. J..
Vice Free't
Miss Latimer,
RECENTLY OF S2l CHICAGO-AY.. NORTH UDIT,
Would be glad to teach in a school or family. Al*
dresaher M f> Wahn«h--<v.
-pPRymjRE. _
r
AGENT.