4
||l|* ||ribmu.
Termi o( Hubterlptlu,
VATAHf Di aOTAKCB:
Daily SAitton. per year, by kail ••—*•41100
Trl-weekly Edition, per year, by MAIL 8.00
Sunday Edition.' per year, by mail.. 1W
Weekly Edition, per year, by mail... 100
Parta o! a year at tbe aame rata*
To prevent delay and be sore and give Po* l
•Office addrcaa In fall, including;'state and county.
Banlttaacea may be made either by draft,
*Po«t Office order, or In letters, at oar risk.
TEUMBTO CITY BUUBCBIBBRS.
Daily, delivered, Sunday excepted, 25 cents per week
•Daily, delivered Sunday included. a> cents per week.
Address THB TRIBUNE COMPANY.
No. 15 Canal at., Chicago. HL
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2S, 187 L
Tgg tates ON CLOTHING.
The Pithhnrg Gazette refuses to understand
how the tariff on foreign cloths can ho a tax
on the clothing of the people, if they us*
goods of American manufacture. Comment
ing upon a paragraph in this paper, the
Gazette says:
In the first place the statement la erroneous.
Forty millions of people in this country arc not
taxed on their clothing, by the tariff, for this
would comprise every man; woman and child in
the United States, and surely The TiuausE would
not maintain that all of these wear imported
French broadcloth and fancy silkn.
The same paper further insists that, thetas
being confined to goods of foreign manufac
ture, those who have to pay it, do so “from
choice, and in the face of the fact that goods
of domestic manufacture arc to bo had for
far less money, and of styles far more suit
able to our republican notions of simplicity
and propriety in dress. The tariff*, therefore
on imported clothing, such as flue cloths,
poplins and silks, Is a tax on unnecessary
luxuries: luxuries which the great mass of
our population do not indulge in, and none
of whom are compelled to indulge iu.”
If the tax on foreign goods does not in
crease the cost to consumers of the American
made goods, bow is their manufacture ben
efited, or promoted} or “protected” by the
-tariff? Is not the direct purpose of a pro
tective duty to so increase the cost of the
foreign article, that the home product may
command a higher price f The prices at
which domestic cloths are sold are limited
only by those at which the imported article
can he sold for in this country. Why is there
a tax on imported glass, if it bo not to
enable the manufacturers to demand more
for it than they could obtain without the
tax Is not that the beginning and end of
protection,—the taxation of the many for
-the profit of the few But a few facts Trill
sbow practically how this tax on the foreign
made goods operates on the consumers of
goods suitable to our republican notions of
simplicity and propriety in dress.” We give
the cost in Europe of a variot}' of articles,
•the rate of tax imposed hy the tariff*, and the
wholesale prices at which they and American
goods of corresponding value and material
sell for in New York;
TTholesnU
Tax, j>cr price in
Goods. Cost. cent. currency.
Alpaca,peryard.....! 171-3 C9l-2 §45
Balmoral, per yard.. 40 83 1.25
Baize, per yard 43 87 X.40
Blankets,per pair... 2.00 120 5.50
Suit of Scotch tweed
clothing 15.00 80 40.00
Cotton cloth, per yd.. 7 43 u
Cotton prints, per yd. lo 65 20
Sped cotton, per doz 30 75 75
Poplins, per yard.—. 38 61 b5
French merino, p. yd 57 54 1.25
Delaines, per yard... 39 82 45
Cashmere cloth, pyd C 6 621-2 1.40
Druggets, per eq. yd. 30 108 90
This list may be extended indefinitely to
include everything wont hy the American
people, or used in any way by them. Every
thing entering into the wearing apparel of
men, women and children—everything “suit
able to our republican notions of simplicity”—
is taxed in the same proportion. It is imma
terial whether the goods be imported or pro
duced at home, the price to the consumer in
cludes the same tax, and the taxes are
generally highest ou coarse fabrics, worn by
the poorer classes.
The workmen of Pittsburgh, pay in addition
to the real cost of their clothing and bedding,
they may never of for
eign manufacture. It is to compel them to
pay this tax, to extort from them this bounty
for private individuals, that the present
tariff* was constructed, and is so desperately
maintained.
POOH NORTH CAROLINA.
The State of North Carolina could hardly
be in a worse predicament, financially, if she
had invested all her cash and credit in
taking fire risks in Chicago previous to our
late conflagration. In fact, the time*
honored maxim of Franklin, that Three
removes 5 are' as had as on© fire.” might he
properly varied to suit the case of the
Carollnas and other Southern States, and
read, Three carpet-hag Legislatures are
equivalent to a general conflagration. Gov
ernor Caldwell, in his annual message to the
North Carolina Legislature, delivered on
the 20th instant, embodies a state
ment of the State finances which
shows them to he in a most deplora
ble condition, utterly beyond remedy, ex
cept by compromise with the creditors. First
there are $10,000,000 of ante-war debt (includ
ing interest) and $3,500,000 of Internal Im
provement bonds issued since the war, under
laws passed before then there are $5,000,-
COO of bonds issued to fund accrued interest;
$1,500,000 of bonds issued during the war for
internal improvements ”;another $1,500,000
in bonds to two railroad companies, under
the ordinance of the convention of 18GS;
$12,000,000 issued to other railroads (and of
which the “Western Division of the West
ern North Carolina Railroad Company” got
six millions and a half) under subsequent
legislative acts: and, finally, $500,000 more
of bonds issued still more recently. These
last bare, however, been pronounced invalid
by the Supreme Court, on account of the
unconstitutionality of the act under which
.they were issued—in all $34,887,404.45.
Of this vast sum of outstanding obliga
tions only the ante-war bonds were sold at
par. Their validity, and that of the funding
bonds ($5,000,000), is undoubted; the others
were sold at prices ranging from 10 to GO
•cents on the dollar—whatever their forced
sale would bring to the railroad speculators
or embezzling agents into whose hands they
fell. No railroads were built with them, as
a general rule, and the only interest-paying
securities which the State has to show for
the whole $15,000,000 of them is some $300,000
of the stock of the North Carolina Railroad
Company, one of the ante-war corporations.
Many of thclargcflockof railroad bondswero
issued in defiance of an act of the General
Assembly ordering the return of the bonds,
and giving notice to the world that future
Bales would be invalid. Still others woro is
sued without the certificate required by law.
Confronting such a disgraceful and hope
less state of the public financces, Governor
Caldwell inquires “Whatistobedono?” He
finds the total.property valuation of the
State to be.according to the Auditor General’s
report,' only $121,000,000, or only three times
fhcamonnt of the public debt. In view of
this, and the general depression and dissatis
faction which prevails, the Gov
ernor does not deem it practicable
to enforce the tax requisite to pay oven
the annual interest upon the debt; much less
discharge any part of the principal. Ho
therefore recommends a compromise with
creditors on such terms as may bo obtained,
and a sale ol all tlio stocks of which the
fctatc now has possession, for the purpose of
realizing as much ready money as possible,
aside from that raised hy taxation. Several
plans of compromise arc suggested, that
which the Governor seems to favor most
hemg a funding of all the valid outstanding
bonds m 3 per cent bonds, dollar for dollar
It is a bad scrape at best, and
the outlook is dismal, cither Cor
the taxpayers or the bona fide
creditors. It seems to be well established,
by the sore experience of the Carollnas, that
wholesale robbery and swindling of the kind
which produced this state of affairs are not,
as a rule, wholesome: and it is a great pity
that, if the Federal Government is os com
pletely the guardian and censor of the
local governments as recent acts of Congress
and the Executive would seem to indicate,
it cannot interfere with a Carpet-Bag act
to punish rogues iu State Legislatures .and
bureaus, as it docs with the Ku-Klux act, to
scourge rogues in the bush.
A short time since, the firm of Tweed,
Sweeney, Connolly Mnrphy were engaged
m a largo unnn .of a civ.l case lie required to
\ork city. All tbo njoßbera fact9 t r Ja u8 l the determination of more
now resigned, office C P inter Ina lar f> majority of civil cases the
Mnrpby wasdio only sar of a jury is wholly unnocoa
-nith a chardclcr. not more than yfortho ends of justice, though required
adrift on a cjld. world with not iuot ->y the forma of law. There is no practical
three millions of dollars apl eu£)l j;/• I ond that might not bo as well serred by a jury
a certificate of goodmorals to co o j «f five or six persons as by a jury of twelve.
To require a. unanimous verdict in sucli
case, places it in the power of any one man
improperly selected, or acting corruptly, t' 0
defeat the ends of justice, subject
parties to immense costs, and waste Vha fi mfl
of the courts. Another bill bo* 1ww ._ _
ported for the purpose of aho^ een r
of s. lectinp persons the mode
tion of justice rf«Wmg the adnumstra
the pre' t t“° ahounnahlo abuses of
...sent jury system. It is to bo hoped
■>nat both measures may bo passed.
assaults upoh eoyajze£
XJio Prince of Wales isnot.xro hope, go
ing to die of his fever, and the Queen la not
about to go distracted in consequence, and
the nation be plunged in revolution, as the
New York stockbrokers have been figuring
out in their programmes* Nevertheless, it
must bo admitted that the movement for a
republic in England is gaining in boldness
and intensity, if ao| in the numbers of
adherents, Of tbia movement S’- lB
hSeJt I-:. rt--W Th.-tS
Avviesomative. ifr. Dilke has
recently made two speeches in denunciation
o£ monarchy, and openly favoring a republi
can form of government. At the latter of
these, wc have heard hy telegraph, there
were serious disturbances of the peace; the
police being overborne hy the populace.
This speech having been given at an out-of
door meeting, wo can understand why there
was a row raised over it, for Dilke’s talk is
highly Inflammatory and revolutionary. Ho
proposes, in what is called his “great
speech” at Newcastle, to abolish royalty as
a useless expense; and he alleges that the
expenditures, a great portion of them, are
not only waste, but mischief; the super
numerary officers, troops, etc., upon which
they are bestowed, serving to weaken the
government and army, rather than strength
en them.
Mr. Dilkc is especially severe upon the
household expenses of royalty. He
computes them at £131,000 sterling per an
num, and enumerates a portion of the Q ueen’s
pensioners to bo friends in and about the
royal kitchen. The list includes three phy
sicians iu ordinal}*, three physicians extraor
dinary, one sergeant-surgeon extraordinary,
two sergeant-surgeons, three surgeons extra
ordinary, one physician of the household,
ouc surgeon of the household, one surgeon
apothecary, two chemists of the establish
ment in ordinary, one surgeon-oculist, one
surgeon dentist, one dentist in ordinary, and
one other physician—or twenty-one in all;
while the Prince of Wales has for his special
benefit three honorary physicians, two phy
sicians iu ordinary,two surgeons in ordinary,
oue surgeon extraordinary, one chemist in
ordinary, making thirty-two phy
sicians of very high rank to attend to the
symptoms of one family. In view of this
awful array of medical talent, it is not, per
haps, to he wondered at that Victoria is gen
erally ill, and the Prince of Wales iu a criti
cal state of health. And if, as many wise
men would toll us, the royal cook is more es
sential to the royal health than the royal
physician, there should he no need of doctors
at all, unless, indeed, under the effect of the
law that too many cooks spoil the broth
for, entering the royal kitchen (especially
on quarter-day), wo find a chief cook
and four master cooks, flanked by au impos
ing army of pensioners belonging to the
Green Office,” the “Ewer Department,” the
“Confectionery Department,” the “Table
Dietary Department,” etc., bringing up tho
rear of the procession which had been head
ed by such functionaries as tho Lord High
Almoner, Master of the Buckhounds, Clerk
of tbe Closet, Exons in Waiting, Lord High
Falconer, etc. Belonging to tho household
list, but not, perhaps, mustered in the kitch
en, are a host of such officials as the
Grooms.of the Robes, Lords in Waiting,
Gentlemen Ushers, Chief Equerries, Mar-
slmls, c/jd jyeiiHg omne, and professional pen
sioners, like “Historical Painters to tlio
Queen,” “Lithographers to the
Queen,” etc., almost without num
ber. There are, besides the pal
aces, royal carriages, etc., all of which the
goYcmment keeps paying for, though royal
ty uses them hut little, and quite a fleet of
royal yachts, whereon officials are so plenty
that one able-bodied man is kept under pay
j «untne sole Hutry
ing the lion and unicorn on the firo-hnekete!
The sum total of the direct expenses of
royalty is computed by Mr. Dilko, after, as
he says, very careful investigation, at one
million pounds sterling per annum. On no
portion of this docs the Queen pay any taxes,
though a largo portion of it is clear Income.
The speaker cites the promise of Sir Robert
Peel, In 1542, when asking, on behalf of Vic
toria, the levy of an income tax,
ho declared that Her Majesty, “promptodhy
those feelings of deep and affectionate in
terest in the welfare of her people which
she had ever manifested, stated to him that
if Parliament should subject
all incomes to a certain charge, it was her
determination that her own income should
he subjected to a similar burden.” This
insinuation of had faith cannot hut have the
effect to prejudice the mind of the sturdy
Briton against the sovereign now in power,—
a feeling which can easily ho made to tell
against royalty in general.
Finally, after showing how offensive
royalty is, Mr. Bilke harangues his auditors
to show them that it is cumbersome in ad
ministration and entirely personal in author
ity. He concludes (and wo quote the notes
expressive of the audience’s feeling also):
I confess freely that I doubt whether, if tho
charges to which I have to-night alluded are well
founded, tho monarchy should not set its house
in order. [Loud applause.] There is a widespread
belief that a repubuo here is only a matter of
education and time. [Great chocring.] it Is said
that some day a commonwealth will bo our gov
ernment. Now history and experience bhow that
you cannot have a republic without vou possess
at tho same time the republican virtues; but you
answer; Have wo not public spirit 1 Have wc
not the practice of self-government i Are wonot
gaining general education t [Applause.] Well,
if you con show mo a fair chance that a republic
hero will bo free from the political corruption
that hangs about tho monarchy, I say for my
part—and I believe tho middle classes in general
will say—let it come. [Cheers.]
In short, Sir Charles expressed his con
tempt of the monarchy in almost every way,
except to renounce his own title of knight
hood, which, having been bestowed on his
father by Queen Victoria, stomps its pos
sessors ns, in some sense, creatures of not
merely the snmo institution, but the some
individual sovereign that ho lashes so severe
ly with his oratory. Notwithstanding tho
apparent inconsistency of this omission. Sir
Charles seems to have the favorable ear of a
largo proportion of tho people and press.
The Thunderer gives leader after lender to
refntinghis arguments; the VaUMall Gazette
makes tbeni tbo occasion of an appeal,
in behalf of London society, for a
regency under the Prince of Wales;
the other dailies are talking almost
constantly abont the “proposed-republic’’
(the most of them in opposition, it is true), and
so the agitation goes on. The next revolu
tionary demonstration of any moment is to
bo made at Birmingham on tho Cth
ber, when a sort of congress is to con
sider these propositions
l. Tbn.ttlic hereditary principle In legislation
16 tmwfcc, since it neither insures wisdom in tho
individual nor patriotism iu tbo body; and is un
just, since it confers upon a class powers whlffj
ought to be exercised only by representatives of
tho nation.
2. That in a free country tho ultimate deckled
upon all questions of government or of tho policy
of the State, must rest with representatives elect
ed by tho majority of the people; and that some
plan should bo adopted in this nation to give con
stitutional effect to that decision.
3. That no right to legislate on tho affairs of the
nation to bo conferred in consequence of
tho profession of any theological opinions,
or of connection with anv ecclesiastical estab
lishment, and therefore the legislative power
of the Bishops of the EsgUsh Church should bo
abolished.
4. That a committee be appointed to consider
by what means tho foregoing resolutions may be
Tarried into effect.
Tho parties which arc interested in the
movement for reform or revolution arofolly
as numerous as tho sects of Dissenters from
England’s Established Church; and that
which is to meet at Birmingham is desig
nated as the moderate wing of tho radical
half of the Liberal party.”
The Judiciary Committee of one branch of
the Legislature has reported a bill provid
ing that an agreement of three-fourths of a
jurj shall be suflicicnt for a verdict in all
cml cases. This is a commendable reform.
The reasons which have made unanimity of
jurors essential in criminal cases do not ap
ply to civil cases. The interposition of a
jury in civil cases is merely to determine
facts, to balance accounts, to examine claims,
and to report tho facts, to which the Court'
applies the law. In tho trial of cases where
tho court consists of several Judges, unan
imity cither in the declaration of the law,
or on questions of the admissibility- of evi
dence is not required. Why should tho jury
The Hon. Horace Greeley publishes a mild
request that he be allowed to have bis own
opinions on the question of the nest Presiden
tial nomination, and to utter them from time
to time without being accused of treason, ar
son, or bigamy. The request seems to ho a rea
sonable one. We hope the New; York Times
will allow Mr. Greeley to express his opinions
in lus own paper on this subject without
bringing him before the grand jury for it.
It is unfortunate for Mr. Greeley’s influ
ence iu deciding the question at issue that
he has allowed his own name to be used as a
candidate for this important office. That he
has a right to bo a candidate—that anybody
has a right to support him—that
bo has a right even to run in
dependent,” and that several millions
if independent American citizens have the
right to vote for him—are all propositions too
plain to bo disputed. But his arguments
against the renomination of President Grant
would have more force in this censorious
world if ho were not himself in the attitude
of a candidate. There are many things to
bo sold in opposition to the renomination of
President Grant, and nobody could say them
with more distinctness than Mr. Greeley
if he were not fettered by his own candi
daoy. If all the men in the Republican party
who Until: that the renomination of Presi
dent Grant would be unwise and prejudicial
to the best interests of the party and of the
country, would say so at the same time, he
would not ho renominated. But if they
were, or if the people suspected that they
were, moved by the desire to get the nomi
nation themselves, the simultaneous utter
ance of their misgivings would produce very
little effect.
The second session of tho Forty-second
Congress will start out with a fair capital in
tbe way of bills and other business, left over
from tho short session of last spring. Daring
that session, of three weeks duration, there
were introduced and referred to committees
not yet appointed, no loss than eight hun
dred bills, joint resolutions, etc. The calen
dar included three constitutional
amendments, and bills for the
admission of Colorado and New Mexico, and
for the creationlof tho Territories of Pembina
and Oklahoma. The file is richest, however,
In laud-grabbing bills, which fared rather
hardly in the last session of tho previous
Congress, but which “came up smiling” at
tho very first moment of the Forty-second.
It is intimated that a new plan for obtaining
land grants has been devised, which will bo
incorporated in most of the bills referred to,
and will bo relied upon to carry through
many of them which were otherwise sure to
fail. It is thus stated:
It is understood this plan proposes that the pro
ceeds of a certain number of acres shall bo given
to any projected railroad that may bo before
Congress for aid; but, instead of giving tbe cor
poration lands direct, settlors arc to bo allowed
to go on os under the pre-emption law. As each
twenty miles of subsidized road is completed and
accepted, tho United States Land Office for that
district is to give public notification thereof to
settlers, who are then to have twelve months’
time to pay for their land, tho prlco being that
charged for government sections—l2.so per acre.
This process is to be repented until the road is
completed, and tbo company is to bo alio wed to
raise on mortgage upon such grant.
This plan has for its chief merit tho fact
that it is not quite so objectionable as a worse
one would be—that, for instance, under
which the public domain has oceu ou dv» u o.
——»4ca within the past six or seven
years. But it will not got through Congress,
The American Insurance Company of Chi
cago has been published two or three times
in the list of suspended or insolvent com
panies. This company had very few risks in
Chicago, its policies being confined to de
tached dwelling houses, hams,farmproperty,
churches, and school houses. Its losses by
the Chicago fire were less than SI,OOO. It has
not suspended or ceased transacting business
for a single day.
RAILROADS.
It is reported that the La Fayette Blooming
ton Railroad has reached Gibson, tho Junction
with the Gilman, Clinton Springfield Road.
—Tho Lake Superior Mississippi Railway
transported from April 1 to Nov. 11,38,522 barrels
of flour, equivalent to 554,088 bushels of wheat;
I>2C3,ooCbushels of wheat; 44,761 tons of general
merchandise; 22,799 tons of lumber; 9,708 tons of
cool.
—The work of track-laying on tho Sheboygan
Fond du Lac Railway has commenced. Iron is
laid on the bridge and cars have crossed.
—The Evansville jfcrtoc says: The surveying
party sent out by the city of Janesville to look
over the route for the proposed railroad from
Janesville to Evansville, came through the entire
lino lately, and pronounced it feasible in every
respect. After leaving the bluff* bordering on
Bock River the grade will be easy the whole dis
tance, and one of the cheapest roads to build, con
sidering the distance, in the country.”
—The Oshkosh Xorthicesteni says: “At 3 o’clock
on this afternoon, November 21, the rails were
laid on the Oshkosh Mississippi Railroad to the
engine house, on the south bank of Fox River,
connecting Oshkosh and Milwaukee. Thus, after
years of labor, and apparently hopeless effort, the
greet work is accomplished.”
—The Minneapolis (Minn.) Tribune of the 23d
says: “Mr. Albert Lawrence, of the firm of
Lawrence Eustice, tbo contractors having in
charge twenty miles of the grade on tho North
ern Pacific, west of Red River, arrived in this
city on Tuesday evening last. The men and
teams employed on the work were withdrawn on
Friday last, and nil work on the Dakota section
discontinued for the winter. On' Friday there
was a heavy storm in that region, snow falling to
the depth of fourteen inches. 'lt was reported at
Morehead that several persons had been lost in
the storm, but the rumor could not bo traced to
any reliable source.
—Report has it that tho recent extensive pur
chases and lenses of railroads in tho Southern
States, which are supoosed to have been effected
by parties connected with tho Pennsylvania Com
pany, have turned out to bo tho work of an In
dependent organization. controlled by
Baltimore capital. Among the parties
concerned in the enterprise are
W. I. Walters, Alexander Brqjvn Sons,
General O’Donnel, Messrs. Thomas C. Jenkins,
Horace Abbott,Thomas Kensett, George Bartlett,
and B. F. Ncwcomber, of Baltimore; M. K. Jes
sup Co,, D, Willis James, and Roosevelt A:Son,
of Now York; Drcxcl Co., P. A. 8. Scwall,
and Whitney Sons, of Pennsylvania, and D.
James, of Liverpool. Over $7, 000,000 have already
been expended in actual cosh, and up
to the present time, by the purchase of
stock and controlling minority in a number Of
tho most important linos of railroads, comprising
In all 1,425 miles have been secured. Besides
this, control line bcon obtained under o lease of
363 miles additional. The new company now con
trols both tho main lines sonth from Richmond,
the Korth Carolina roads, the chief roads of
South Carolina, two main roads in Georgia, and
tho important lines of East Tennessee.
r PERSONAL.
Ex-Congressman E. K. Smart, of Camden,
Maine, lias been pronounced hobclesaly insane
by tbe Enperintendent of tbo asylum at Augusta,
and has been removed to his borne.
—All Boston worships at tbe feet of Charlotte
Cushman, -whose “Lady Macbeth,” now enacting
at tho Globe, la declared to be, if possible, better
than her “Queen Catherine.”
—A letter from Romo contains a story of a re
markably bulky taper having been sent to the
Vatican—no one knew by ‘whom—Accompanied
by a request that it should he placed in the Pope's
private chapel, and lit during his mass. The re
quest was complied with, and the Pope, seeing it
burning in a comer of tho chapel, ordered it to
bo immediately extinguished... It was opened
after mass in his presence, and found to contain
afsmali Orsinl shell.
—Tho Bangor,Maine, TThig says that a musi
cian named Charles Berry, of Augusta, played at
a ball at Kendall's Mills last Monday evening,
and after tho ball retired to rest as usual, but was
restless and unable to sleep, and a sensation of
droad of something wrong took hold of his mind.
Ho strove to shake it off and courted sleep In vain.
So strong did this uneasiness become, that heat
length arose and took tho first train for Augusta
and Immediately went to his homo, where ho
found his wife and little son of four years of ago,
both nearly suffoerhed from coal gas. It was a
THE CHICAGO TIIIHHNE* TO
long time before they could bo revived. Had ho
n bß ent an hour longer they would doubt esa
bavo botli been dead.
...Pf nhablUnUl of Penzance. Cornwall, the
birthplace of Blr Humphrey Davy, hare do .ldod
to erect a statue to his memory, it will bo exe
cuted after the portrait ol Davy hy Sir Thomas
Lawrence, and will cost $30,000.
“Au ex-Colonel of a French regiment of cnlrav
Is now cook of a hotel at Brcsian- Ho has
married a daughter of a mechanic In that olty
and resigned hla commission In the French army.
—Sir 'William Jenncr writes to tlio British Jf d
i-'! Journal: “A statement having been widely
circulated to the effect that tlioQnenn’a recent
illness was the result of revacelnntion. I trust
you will, by inserting this letter, permit me to
give the most unqualified contradiction to the
report. There is uot a shadow of foundation for
it in facts. Her Majesty’s recent illness
did not commence until many months
after the rovaocinution. There was no conneu-
lion, direct or indirect, between the two. I
should not have contr idicted so fouadatlunless u
statement had I not heard that, in consequence
of the positive terms iu which the assertion is
made, it has received u certain amount of cred
ence, and Is so causing harm to the public
health.”
—ln the November number of the American
Journal of Science, Dr. B. T. Craig, of Washing
ton, gives an account of experiments made on
tbo temperature of his body during the Intense
and continued heat of the summer of 1870. Tbe
ordidary temperature of the human body is 09.4
degrees Fahrenheit, and during fever it often
rises six degrees above this point without a
sense of increased heat proportioned to
the disturbance of temperature. The high
est temperature to which the Doctor could heat
himself during that memorable summer (fortu
nate man) was 09.7 degrees Fahrenheit. “At this
temperature,” he says, I felt quite unpleasantly
overheated. When the temperature of
my body was below 09 degrees I never felt uu
comfortably hot. In fact, I satisfied myself by
repeated trials that n temperature of 99.2 degrees
must be reached before the sensation of suffering
from heat comes on.”
Russia, it is stated, is the only power of West
ern Europe in which the International Society
cannot find a favorable field for its operations.
The reason given is that there is always a demand
for labor in that country, and the workingmen, as
a general rule, are well paid.
Tincture of anarchy” is a Norwich surgeon’s
panacea for bruises.
—Alarm bells of a now style have recently been
attached to thirty four locomotives of a railroad
company in Michigan. The boll is placed imme
diately in front, and is so attached that at each
revolution of the driving-wheels it is struck once
by a hammer. It is claimed that the position of
the bell causes the souud to bo thrown forward
and conducted by the earth and railroad track so
that it can be heard a considerable distance
ahead of the train.
—ln one of tbo statistical reports on morals
presented to tho English Parliament some time
since, some very interesting foots concerning
drunkenness in Scotland are given. It appears
that in one single parish of Edinburgh, in which
there ore 90,000 people, 1,953 were found dead
drunk, and 3,935 crazy drunk in a year. Drunk
enness is more common in Edinburgh iu summer
than In winter. Saturday is tb* favorite day,
and Tuesday ranks next, for debauchery. Noth
ing is more common than to find a man who has
been in prison twenty or thirty times for drunk
enness.
—Thirty-seven persogg be do at one si®io in a car
drawn 'by one to attend a concert aid of
the Society for tho Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals, in Salem, Mass., last week.
—An interesting question has been raised by the
arrest of several citizens of Everett and Melrose,
Moss., for larceny of seaweed from the premises
of a dweller on tho beach. The latter claims that
his land runs to low water mark, while the de
fendants hold that the weed comes from the great
sea, in which all own a share, and that they have
gathered it for a long time unmolested.
—This Is what they call a “Joke” in Now Or
leans. A country-looking chap gets off a train,
A stranger steps up to him ana says: “Ah i five*
feet nine high, two feet eleven across tho breast,
eighteen inches through.” What do you mean,
sir eagerly asks the countryman. It's all
right,” says tho other, You measure five feet
cloven by eighteen. I*ll be ready for you by nine
o'clock to-morrow morning,” and he puts up the
tape line with-which he hasbecu making the
measurements. What are you driving at, sir I”
asks the countryman,angrily, Why, you see,”
says the other, the yellow fever is killing off
1 Mm thntp TTlCJlA
urement as they come in, or else the dead bodies
accumulate on my hands.” A pallor comes over
the countryman's face, a frantic call is mado to
the baggage-master to re-chcok his trunk, and he
leaves for home.
—An American —of course it is an American—
has started a ferry boat on tho 80a of Galilee,
and tho stcaiu-whlstle and eu gene-gong are
henceforth to do violence to its echoes.
—M. Devergia, a French chemist, finds that
water containing only one-fonr-thousandth of its
weight of carbolic acid sufficed for the disinfec
tion of tho dead-house in Paris during tho
hottest weather, when it contained six or seven
bodice.
—Among tho feats of a lightning-saw, on ex
hibition at the American Institute Fair, In Now
York, the following Is mentioned: A chestnut log,
nine inches in diameter, was sawed off by two
men In three-quarter seconds, by three and a half
strokes of the saw. It was then sawed across six
teen limes in two mintes and sixteen seconds, or
faster than a cord in nine minutes, in^in<u n g lost
time.
—Another link In Mr. Darwin’s chain of evi
dence is regarded as supplied by the report {hat
during the recent epidemic of yellow fever In Bra
zil, the monkeys there were as prone to take the
disease as were the human residents. Other ani
mals were exempt from contagion.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir Though disinclined to enter Into any pub
lic discussion, the great interests depending upon
the question of bow best to make our buildings
practically fire-proof, induce me to write you a
few lines on the subject:
Several times since the fire, and again in your
issue of last Sunday, you have referred to my
fire-proof building on tho corner of LaSalle and
Monroe streets as having escaped only because i
was unfinished. While fully agreeing with you
that Its escape was owing to the absence in it
of any great quantity of combustible material, it
may bo well to state that its being unfinished
was not tho solo cause of thlsTTho only addi
tions still to bo made to it when the lire occurred
were of doors, windows, and marble floors—tho
place of these latter being now temporarily sup
plied with wood. Tho wooden frames in tho
building were generally destroyed, while in some
of the rooms were piles of lumber, consisting of
wooden arches (that hail been used in construct
ing the arched brick ceilings), ladders, sash, Ac.,
that gave in each places a much greater amount
of combustible matter than would have been
found in any one portion of the building had it
been fully completed.
Tho roof was absolutely tlre-proof, being formed
of sheets of corrugated galvanized iron, rivetted
together, and laid upon iron beams. Tho walls,
being hollow, contributed something to the safety
of the building; while the briok arches, of only
about four feet span, forming the floors and ceil
ings, and covered above with an inch and a half
of cement, and below with two coats of plaster
ing, formed, In my opinion, the best, as in this
case they proved the most successful, material
used for tills purpose.
I have been informed that various buildings
in this city, with floors and ceilings similarly
constructed, failed to stand the lire. What
weak points caused most of them to fail I
do not know; but, in the only one that I
have examined since tho fire—the Post Office—l
notice that the iron beams are placed six or seven
feet apart, while all who arc conversant with
this kind of ceiling agree that in no case should
tho arches be of more than four and a half feet
span.
While believing, however, that brick arches
properly constructed, aro superior to wrought
Iron ones in their power of resisting tho effects,
both of dampness and extreme heat, I agree with
von, that tho great point la to have aslfttlo com
bustible material m the budding as possible.
Vr wlcu windoand dponare, i think,about the
only combustible features that should enter into
the construction of a fire-proof building, and these
only on account of their being so much more con
venient than metallic ones; and. If walls are hol
low. and constructed of good brick or sandstone,
while roofs, rafters, cornices. Joists, ceilings, and
floors aro all of incombustible material, I thinv
that wooden doors and windows, disconnected
from each other, may be allowed without greatly
imperilling the safety of tho boil ding. Respect
fully. W.K. Nxxox,
Chicago, Nov. 37.
to Ou £d(Uff Of Tkt Chicago Tribune:
6m: it is hot necessary lor mo to say' Any
thing further upon the subject of fire-proof budd
ings after what was said by the editor of Tub
Tribune (on the 2fith inst) upon this subject, I
think that article covers the whole ground. But
I wish to correct statements made through the
columns of Tub Tribune (of the same date) by
J. B. Corlies. In regard to what he says respect
ing The Tribune Building, the First National
Bank, and the Post Outer, I have nothing
to say, as those interested can examine for them
selves. I will only add to this list the wings of
the Court House, the Historical Society building,
the Academy of Science, and St. James’ Church.
Vi ill a thin iron arch have the same strength to
support the weight of a heavy iron safe that a
brick arch will! Had the gentleman understood
the philosophy of corrugating sheet iron, ho
would not have asked this question. It has been
shown in this city, in the presence of anumber of
responsible and respectable gentlemen, that a
No. 17 iron arch, corrugated, sustained upward
of nine tons. This arch was a span of six feet,
and twenty-eight Inches wine. It will readily-he
seen tuat, with the iron arches, we are enabled
to use much wider spans, thereby
reducing the number of iron beams;
also reducing the cost of iron arch floors to about
the same cost of brick floors.
The gentleman further states the prices of
tho iron arch to bo 60 cents per square foot, while
the cost of the brick arch is only from 12 to is
cents. This is not true. He has overestimated
tho cost of iron arches nearly 100 per cent, and
underestimated the cost of brick arches nearly,
the same per cent. L. e. S.
Chicago, Nov. 27.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Fire-Proof Buildings.
THE SPECIAL RELIEF WORK.
Meeting of the Bureau of Coun
sel and Assistance.
The Committee of Special Relief
Abused and Defended.
Bey. Mr. Tnttle Explains—Circular from
Ur. Lamed.
An adjourned meeting of the Bureau of Special
Counsel and Assistance was held yesterday af
ternoon In the lecture-room of tho First Congre
gational Church.
In the absence of tho Moderator, Mr. Brayman
was called to tho chair. Besides ths Chairman
and Secretary there wera.fi re gentlemen present,
though five members came In later.
Tho Bev. Moses Smith tendered his resignation
os Secretary. On motion, he was requested to
act as Secretary for tho present meeting.
Mr. Langley sold that at a previous mooting
the vote had been re-aflirmcd directing tho Bureau
of Special Belief to accept.as a final reoomme nd
Mur li e order of a clergyman. This vote ha
b< en passed unnoticed, women who wore sen
there yet were bruw-bcaten, insulted, and treated
with contumely. He quoted instances. Ho
thought if laymen representing benevolent so
cieties could obtain no attention the bureau
ought to dissolve.
The Chairman, said ho had always found the
Executive Committee attentive. If any fault
existed it was, in bis opinion, with the bureau.
Dr. Laugblln said no understood from Bor.
Laird Collier that they would not bo recognized
in any way, because they furnished none of the
goods. Their resolutions wero not recognized.
The bureau would not recognize the order of any
clergyman without subjecting tho applicant to
an examination, If hla hearers believed that
their recommendations were final, they wero
much mistaken. He thought the meeting was
much deceived as to the amount of its influence
with the Executive Committee. He understood
that their duty was to advise with the bureau
lor the relief of those who could not otherwise
obtain relief. He offered tho following resolu
tion.
HtfoJvctl, That we advise the special relief to be. as
soon as practicable, reduced to tho giving of monuy.
The Chairman said there seemed to bo some
misunderstanding with regard to tho Executive
Committee. That committee was established by
the advice of the General Relief Society, and its
members elected by tho body now lu session.
They were its creatures. They had hitherto
granted all his applications without further
question. They were dependent on the General
Relief Society fur their goods, and were doing
their duty as well ns they could.
Dr. Laughiin said he believed every gen "lonian
of that Executive Committee was doing kis ut
most, but he believed that no human power could
run the establishment In every manner satisfac
torily. But it would bo easy to form a bank and
let them have the money—say from $3 to 15 a
week. Be had letters from many ladles who had
received articles of clothing which were not
adapted to the season, and in some cases did not
tit. It was not to bo expected that they could be
fiTnlshed everything that was asked for. Tho
giving of money would also give the small trades
men in the neighborhood the opportunity to make
their little profit, and thby wore, after all, suffer
inp from tho distribution of food and clothing.
The resolution was not adopted.
Rev. Mr. Tuttle then spoke os follows: I desire
to make tho following explanation, In reference
to the part I took Ini last Monday's meeting, and
believe the Chairman will bear mo witness as Co
tho truth in this mutter. I think tho reporter got
matters a little mixed—put into my remarks
what another stated. However, I certainly dis
claimed a disposition of fault-finding, in pleading
for a more generous and enlarged action, on the
part of the Special Bureau of Relief. Why did I
do sot Because I have received many letters of
inquiry from the East, and learned from New
York that funds were held in abeyance because
they feared the relief went largely to a class who
were not the most des erring, while those who
Wpre unused to bog would stand aloof,
and th?* "wanted assurance that this
class wotiJlJ be neglected.”
Mv remarks werfl to explain the work
being done south of Thirty-fifth street, and the
cause of its being started. This did not refer to
the Special Bureau, so far feed was concerned,
and only Incidentally, In any .S n i|£n;.ff£*
L. Collier seems, in an interview wiui XHb XiUO
unk reporter, to make myself a sort of Scape
goat for what others may have said at this meet
ing. The article mokes tho gentleman say: “The
Rev. Mr. Tuttle applied to us for work to do, and
wo could not grant it.” Again. “Mr.Tuttle
made application for S3OO for ms sister-in-law, and
wo declined to give It.” “Wo have some of the
biggest guns ana heaviest bullets to fire at theso
fellows,” etc., etc. This Is a mistake, and were It
not that another paper has made the re marks a text
for a severe fiing at myself In connection with an
other. I might not notice it. The foots are these.
I called with a brother clergyman at the Church
of the Messiah to see Dr. B. MoViokar. While
there, my sister-in-law came in to see a lady mem
ber of tho Relief Committe. I was requested, by
a member of the committee, (as no blanks wore
then printed), to write down the facts of her
i..««n 1 j ,11,1 in it, olio zimao ruEtion«o
to two wcll-knowh merchants and to myself.
After I left the place, as advised, she wrote on
the face of her application, “I think. In view of
my losses ($3,300>, I ought to have S3OO, (or what
ever it was) to start again.” This sho had a right
to do. Bhowas told by a member of the family
belonging to tho Relief Committee, “that her
mother had given out as much as SIOO aM up to
SSOO for such cases as hers, though she believed
it was not done any longer.” As to my applying
for work to do, I had plenty on my hands as
assistant to tho Superintendent of the South Side
and at my own charges. I had a conveyance
proviucdmeby relatives ana abends, the cost of
which I paid. I was willing, while executing
orders outside, to do anything in this line for
Sir Lamed and Mr. Collier, and yet, in the con
nection I am placed, it looks as though I
was self-eceking to got a place for oene
fitting my own friends and relatives. o~ c
word more; if any justification wag needed
Christian uoay, of all others In the land,
tuat has ornered a collection at eur altars for gen
eral fcilof, which has been made and seat on very
largely to the public authorities. This Is so stated
by a paper I hold in my hand. Now, all llaak is.
In view of my labors for six weeks here, at my
own charges, among soldiers' families and tho
numerous poor I have so long ministered to in
sweet charity, shall protect mo from any insinua
tions of unworth}* motives or corrupt conduct.
Tho bureau then adjourned to meet next Thurs
day at the same hour.
CIRCULAR PROM MR. LARKED.
A s some complaints have been made by various
parties with reference to the management of the
Bureau of Special Relief, despite the olear state
ments mode by the Rev. R. Laird Collier, as pub
lished in The trituxe, the Chairman of that body
has issued the following circular, explanatory of
the difficulties with which ho and ms associates
are compellcdto cope
Dear Sib Wo are being dally overrun with applica
tions for relief at this department, sent hero by the
pastors of churches of all denominations, which do not
belong to the Special Relief Committee, and os it is Im
possible that they can receive attention at onr hands,
and the result is great additional trouble to iitn, and
nothing but delay and dLssppolntmcut to the nnnll
cants, we respectfully request that you will kindly
give us such assistance os It may be In your power to
give to relieve ns of the difficulty, by advising all ap
plicants for relief who may apply to yon for assistance
that tills committee docs not undertake to attend to
the general relief of the city. That work belongs to
the various district depots, located In the dlfl'arent
parts of the city. This committee is constituted
merely to supplement the work done in the other
districts, by affording a place where persons who,
Imm age, sickness pf the applicant or his family,
physical infirmity, condition iu life, and other cir
cumstances, cannot apply at the depots in thodis
tricts In whicn they reside to obtain the needed Fre-
UcL No application for relief by any person which
does not come within one ol tho exceptional cases
above stated, will be considered at this office, how
ever strongly the same may bo recommended by pas
tors ol churrlica or by other Demons. Tills com.
nuttee finds Itself able only with extreme difficulty,
and tho most arduous and continuous
labor properly to attend to the an.
plicants whoso cases properly belong to
its department of work. Nor does It furnish any
ground for an applicant who does not properlr belomr
tothis special department (according to the rules
above stated) to make his application nero that such
applicant has applied to tho district depot In which he
icsides, and has not been properly treated there, or
obtained there tho needful supplies or clothing which
he required. If ho Is treated with disrespect or on
kindness at any depot, or he fails to hnvo his need sup.
plied, that furnishes a ground for complaint to bo made
to the Superintendent, Mr. Gibbs, or to the general
headquarters, but furnishes no reason for au appli
cation to this committee, who ore neither charged
with tho dntv or Invested with tho power of Lnveatl-
Sting and correcting the abases which may exist in
e district depots. If you will give such circulation
to the Information above set forth as will servo to cor
reel the evil, it will confer a groat favor upon the'com
mlttcr, ."rfid very materially aid them In discharging
their duties, and also prevent delay and disappoint
ment to tho applicant. Von* respectfully,
E. C. Lajuneu, Chairman.
Chicago, Not. 28, 1871.
MINISTERS’ MEETING,
Gathering of the Presbyterian Ministerial As
sociatlon—Dlncasslon of tbclSabject of Lying-
In-Hospitals,’ etc*
The Presbyterian Ministerial As sedation met
yesterday morning, at 10 o’clock. In the basement
of the Presbyterian Church, at the corner of
Wabash avenue and Fourteenth street. Abonta
dozen clergymen were present. The talking was
principally informal, and to no definite question.
The matter of insurance companies came up in a
general way, some of the reverend gentlemen
thinking that in an age of groat moral Ideas these
great Swindles should be exposed and bold up
to Public reprehension. There were several cner
Setio tirades on the subject, but the speakers
eemed that it would be too strong meat for the
babes of the public.
Mr. Walker stated that a physician of bis con
gregation desired to start a lying-in-hospital, but
desired, before deddiug to do so, to have the
opinion of the association upon the subject. He
♦bought of commencing In a very small way. In
iris own house, and would subject the place to all
proper restrictions. The proposer of the plan
thought that such a hospital would be conducive
to the interest of morality and religion. He
knew of many oases where death had resulted,
especially among the poorer classes since the
fife because of Insufficient accommodations and
care in the few perilous weeks succeeding child
birth. It was proposed not to exclude anyone,
but to receive all who presented themselves,
asking no questions for conscience sake.
Xbo subject was discussed with a limited
decree of freedom.
Dr. Van Dom thought that it was desirable to
know from some reliable statistics what the
Foundling Homo was doing.
Dr. Patterson was not prepared to give any
opinion in regard to lying in-hospitals, but
thought that any objection to a founOJing'a home
would apply to such an institution with equal
*°Dr*Von Dom said that he had been told by a
Soung physician In charge of a similar Institution
i New York city that one day a lady of fine ap
pearance came to him and offered him tsoo to pro
cure annbortlon. Ho said be would not bo an ac
complice in tbo crime for 550.005. Very nice ques
tions suggested themselves In connection
with this matter, and it would always be a doubt
ful question to wbat extent women m delicate cir
cumstances, where concealment was desirable,
might be allowed to cover their tracks.
Mr. Davis expressed the opinion that Mr. Ship
man was doing a great deal of good.
Dr. Eddy stated that on a recent visit to that
v 28, IftTlv
i»lnce. hi* bad been informed that It was not pay
iiiit, hut Htlll lie thought ifWM dotnsrnn excel
Jeiit work and shouufrvo sustained. The matron
in clmrgfl told him at bls visit that omirhriodrod
urplmua Imd been received jlmw last February.
Ue ulluded lo the very decided opposition or
i orm-c Girelry, and the New York Obtcroer, to in-
Hthr.tious of this kind.
Lr. Buttcruoti thought that-a lylog-lu-bospital
would he a good or u had thing, according to tno
wu/ In which It was managed.
Jdr. KocU exprenstMi himself in favor of tuo
miMlc hospital for lying-in purpose*. If they
did not provida the proper aonuumodatloa they
HhMiid l»e made to do so. His expression of
l> nlon vftH mot by the assertion that they did
in 4 afford a suflklent (kgreo of privacy.
After the subject had been discussed at some
h ngtb, It wns put npun the docket for future dls*
cusmuu. It whs decided In this connection that
’tie meeting next Monday* should be dovorod to
louring from each *»f the; pastors, seriatim, a
brief address upou the situation since the tire.
The discussion of this subject of hospitarv
with some general talk in regard to relief mat
ters, occupied the entire time of the meeting.
BERLIN’S CONTRIBUTION.
The Capital of the German Empire Contribute*
$£3,000 to tho Chicago Sufferers—lnterest-
Ing Correspondence Between United States
Consul Krelsnmno and Mayor Mason*
Ou the nth of October, only eight days after
the great fire, Messrs. Hardt «fc Co., of Now York
city, forwarded to Mayor Mason, of Chicago,
their draft for $16,000, contributed by tho people
of Berlin, Prussia, In aid of tho sufferers by tho
fire. .This splendid gift was duly acknowledged
by Mayor Mason in a letter to the Chairman of
the Chicago Bedef Committee at Berlin, us wa-*
also the subsequent donation of SIO,OOO mure from
>bo same source. BtIU later, the following letter
'was received from the United States Consul ut
Berlin:
Berlin. Oct. 26, 1871.
To Hi# JTonvr (he Mayor of the City of Chicago:
Bin Ihe appalling calamity Kmc has befallen our
beloved Chicago, involving such destruction of tno
and beauty, of commerce, civilization, and progress as
has never been recorded in human annals, has awak
ened earnest and genuine sympathy throughout all
Germany. Tho homing of our great and beautiful
city, the grandest and most conspicuous monument of
the genius and enterprise of the American people,
under Jree and liberal institutions and government,
Ulnstly considered»national, not a mere local, cal
amity. 1 1 is felt that a long and cruel train of horrors
and sufferings must follow the awtul destruction that
has swept over the ill fated city; ami ev
erywhere funds have been and are being raised
for the relief of the vast necessities of your destitute
and stricken people. Being one of your citizens, allied
to Chicago by many associations of public service and
friendship, and glorying in its marvellous growth,
prosperity and splendor, tho horror of the announce,
munt of Its sudden destruction by lire unspeakably
shocked and overwhelmed mo; but feeling that I must
do whatever little there miirht he In my power toward
aiding and assisting my fellow-citizens in their dire
distress, I promptly took steps to organize a relief
committee here, and, thanks to the ready responses to
my appeals, we have thus far given orders to Messrs.
Hanft Company, of New York, to pay to your order
the sum of $25,000 which the committee trust you have
promptly received.
Amojigthecontribntora to the fund arc found the
Emperor and I mpress, the Queen Dowager, and tho
Crown Prince and Crown Princess. The Empress, to
quote the language of the letters transmitting mo tho
donations, giving in grateful remembrance of tho
sympathy displayed by America during the late war.”
and the Crown Princo and Crown Princess ‘‘ln grate
fnl acknowledgement of tho friendly feelings which
Araerlcamost efficiently manifested for tho German
warriors during tho conflict with Prone©, and in heart
felt sympathy for the Inhabitants of Chicago smitten
by terrible misfortune.”
Our collections are still going on and promise adj
ditlonal results. To enable t* c committee to properly,
account to tho contributors for the sums received. I
am directed to respectfully ask your Honor to make
suitable acknowledgement of tho receipt of tho
amounts transmitted to you from Berlin. In tho
meantime wo all here feel that the people of Chicago,
though grievously tried, and well nigh overcome,
have not and will not lose hope and heart, and with
the help of God, and by their undaunted courage, en
terprise, skill, and energy, will rebuild and restore
their city, to oven greater wealth, usefulness and
splendor.—a consummation most fervently to be de
sired and hoped for. I have tho honor to be, sir, your
obedient servant.
11. Kreibmank, United States Consul.
cncACio, Nov. a, iBTI.
H. KrHmnann, Enq., Un(ted State 9 Consul, Berlin:
Sir: Year letter of October 2C, advising too of the re
mittance to Messrs- Haitit «fc Co., of Now York, of
$23,000 from the Belief Committee of Berlin for the two
of the destitute In Chicago, Is duly received. On tho
2lst of October I acknowlodgd to Messrs. Hardt Co.,
and to tho Berlin Committee, tho receipt of $15,000 of
the above sum, and on the 2d of this month acknowl
edgement was made of the remaining SIO,OOO. For this
Jiroof of tho active sympathy of tho people of Berlin
or those who wero almost ready to perish, permit us
to offer you on their behalf the most heartfelt grati
tude. The unprecedented calamity of tho Bth and 9th
of October, which stripped 100,000 people of all their
worldly possessions, lias still left upon the books of
tho Belief Society (which has now the management of
this great charity) not less than seventy-five thousand
men, women, and children, dependent for their daily
bread, for shelter, and for sufficient clotlilng. upon
pnblic charity. To care for this multitude, with any
efficiency, would have been utterly Impossible but mr
tbe generous sympathy and aid which thiq
has called all parts of tJIO Civilized world.
This Triite-WTOUI it is hoped, will help os
without essential suffering; ana ?ur Belief Commit
tee. therefore, will understand how thnnkTZl“ v th? ir
large contribution is received. A very largo propor
tion of tho sufferers by tho firo are Germans, who.
especially, will b* deeply scnslbleof tho kind exertions
of yourself and tho other members of your committee
to relievo their excessive wants. I remain, very re
spectfully, your obedient servant,
R. B. Masok, Mayor.
mat/ estate,
lutrnmeats Filed for Record on Monday,
November 27.
CITY PROPERTY.
Blao Island av, between Coolidge and Sampsou
sta, wf, 23x12a, dated Nov, 6; consideration,
$1,2£0.
Lot 1 in ■Wells* east part of Block 20,800. 5, 39, 14,
dated Sept. 8: consideration, S7OO.
Lot S3 in Block 12 of David s. Lee’s Addition,
dated Nov. 14; consideration, $487.
Lot 31 in Block 12 of David 8. Lee’s Addition,
dated Nov. 14; consideration, $487.
Lot 30 in Block 12 of David 8. Lee's Addition,
doted Nov. 14; consideration, $487.
Lot 33 in Block 12 of David 8. Loo's. Addition,
dated Nov. 14; consideration, SSOO.
Second 5t,123 ft wof Noble st, sf,2sxl2sft, dated
May 4,1669; consideration, S9OO.
■Groveiand Park, e of Cottage Grove av.nf. C0x123
.it,dated consideration,slß,ooo.
Morgan ®t, uetween Twelfth and Maxwell ats, e
24x100 ft, dated Nov 9; consideration, $2,000.
Morgan st, between Twelfthfand Maxwell ats, 0
f,"24x100 ft, dated Nov 9; consideration, SBOO.
Morgan, at, between Twelfth and Maxwell sts, e
f, 24x100 ft, dated Nov 9; consideration, SBOO.
Maxwell st, so corner Union st, n f, 33x100 ft,
dated Ootobsr 30'; consideration, $4,500,
North av. between Larrabce and Mohawk sta,
sf, 33x325 ft. dated Nov. 9; consideration. $2,000.
Lot 6 in n 1-4 of Blook CD, School Section Addi
tion, being on s e eor of West Jackson and Canal
sts. dated Nov. 1; consideration. $8,330.
Colfax st, between Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth
fite, 0 f, 24x125 feet, dated Sept. 23 considera
tion, $3,300.
Block 3 in D. Goodwin's subdivision of n w 1-4
of n e 1-4, Sco 33, 39, 13, dated Sept. 22; consid
eration, s2o*ooo.
SOUTH OP CTTT LIMITS.
Lots 7 and 8, of Block iof 'Wright's ct nl Sub
dlcision of Block S3, Sec. IC, 38,14, dated Oct. 80;
consideration. *250.
Lots l, 3. and 23 in Block 1, in Bogue's Second
Addition, in no 1-4. Sco 9, 38, 14, dated Oct. 15;
consideration. $3,500.
The undivided 1-3 of Lot 9 in Block 1 in Salton
stall and Russell's s e 1-4 Seo 3, 38,14, dated Sept.
1; consideration, 16,500.
WEST OF CITY LIMITS.
8 61-100 acres In n w 1-4, near Boulevard and
Palmer place, of Sec 86,40,18, dated Sept. 18; con
sideration, SII,OOO.
A NEW PRINTING PRESS.
Description of Campbell’s Donation to the Chi
cago Relief Fand*
A few days ago it was announced in these col
umns that A. Campbell. Esq., of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
had donated to the Relief and Aid Society, two
printing presses, to be sold by the Society for tho
benefit of tho sufferers of the fire. Tho larger of
tho two presses is now on exhibition at the office
of Messrs. Horton A Leonard, No. 10 North Jef
ferson street. We will refer to somo of
the advantages possessed by this ma
chine. First. Tho moat perfect reg
ister" can be obtained. A deficiency in
this respect is impossible, as tho bed and the cyl
inder are geared-together on both aides, and
therefore travel in unison. Second. Two thou
sand impressions per hour can be worked with
four rollers passing over the form. Third. Tho
great consideration iu tho art of tino printing la
"rolling.” By a trip” movement, governedoy
automatic means, the pressman can "roll"
tho form as many times as is neces
sary before the impression is taken,
and by a simple adjustment of a lover
tho press can bo started, and will trip every
other impression. Fourth. Tho inking and dis
tributing arrangements aro complete. Two ink
fountains,*’ one at each end of the press, and
tho distributing tables, are used. A good iuk
can be kept in one fountain, while an inferior
quality can bo kept in the other, so that the
machine Is over ready for fine or common
work. Fifth. No tapes are used
to convey tho sheets to tho fly. By on
ingenious device, instead of being carried on to
the fly, with tho printed matter rubbing against
the bars and tapes, tho sheet runs one with the
blank side to the tly, and the printed matter la
free from any contact with ft. There are no
grippers "to be altered to salt each job. Sixth.
No "ountcr springs" aro required, at whatever
speed the press may run, the
bed being governed at the reversing
points by a combination movement that entirely
removes the necessity for rebuffing springs;
Seventh. Everything possible has been done to
old tho pressman in the removal of obstructions
to his labor. Tho "feed-board," etc., are so ar
ranged that they can be thrown out of the way
without disturbing the "guides," leaving tho
cylinder free for the manipulation of the oper
ator.
BOARD OF POLICE,
The Patrolmen to be Vaccinated Forthwith-*
Kennedy)* Report on the Hickey-Brnab Con
fidence Operation*
A regular semi-weekly meeting of the Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners was held at the
Madison Street Station, yesterday! afternoon.
President Brown in the choir. Present, Commis
sioners Gund, Sheridan, and Chadwick. The fol
lowing communication was received from Sani
tary Superintendent Bauch:
Gentlemen: Invicwof the prevalence of small-pox
in tills dtv, and tbo danger of being Infected by the
police, 1 would respectfully recommend that all bo
vaccinated.
Commissioner Brown moved, in order that the
public may not be affected by the police, that the
police be revaccinated by the Sanitary Superin
tendent. Ho afterward withdrew the motion,
and the communication was laid on the table
temporarily.
Superintendent Kennedy, who was requested
to investigate the Hickey-Brush case—Brush be
ing a confidence man, whom Hickey released be
cause the Canadian ho had robbed refusedto pros
ecute—made a verbal report in relation to the
matter. He understood that the grand Jury had
taken cognizance of tho cose, and had
had all tbo persons who know anything about
it before them; but no bill had been found against
Captain Hickey, because the circumstances would
not Justify it.. He had endeavored to learn the
particulars from the State’s Attorney, but had
been unable to converse with him, as he was
overwhelmed with business. As soon as he was
informed of tho circumstances ho would make a
written report.
James Morrison, a special policeman, who loft
his post without permission, was dismissed from
tho force
The board then adjourned.
xhsuraxcb.
ime in
GEO. C. CLARKE
CO..
pltl-yctp.tl, OFFICE,
No. 10 Eldridge-couit.
CJB.f.TC/l OFFICE,
No. 35 W.Washington-st.
FITIE MARINE
lisimt! Iptf,
Bisks taken in the following
Belt able Companies:
MANDFACTDEERS'
INSUEANCE COMPT,of Boston.
ORGANIZED ISS3.
Ml, alter paying all losses, including those
of the Chicago Fire, $1,150,004.
HOME
INS. COMT, of Columbus, 0.
NORTHWESTERN NATIONAL
INS. COMT, of Milwaukee.
HOFFMAN
FIEE INS. COMT, of New York.
Cargo Insurance on
the Lakes taken at
current rates.
Shippers and Merchants desir
ing Marine Insurance, either
INLAND or OCEAN, are in
vited to apply at onr office.
GEO. C. CLARKE CO.
OFFICES,
.Vos. lO JEldridgc- court and
35 ll*. Washing ton-st.
ST. NICHOLAS
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF NEW YORK,
Assets, Aof. 1, 1871, §230,000.00.
This Company has sustained no
loss by the Chicago Fire.
Good Mercantile, Warehouse, Packing
House, and Dwelling risks accepted at
feir rates. Hake application direct to
J, VAN IN WAGKN, Agent,
Globe Ins. Company,
OF CHICAGO.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
ROOM 1, NO. 63 CANAL-ST.
11. F. WALKER, President.
HOTELS.
St. Janies Hotel,
LOCATED
Corner Clark and Folk-sts.
Containing ISO Booms. The Largest and
Beat Furnished Hotel in the West
n. a. LOBDra, Late Dattcion Hooie,
WILLIS HOWE, Late St. Jamei Hotel,
WE be pleased to see their old Mend#.
bosaee tor the NEW BT. JAMES.
BUSINESS CARDS.
EAGLE IEOH POUNDSY,
(Established in 1W0,)
SAMUEL J. CRKSWELL, Jr.,
812,811,616, and 818 Racost.,
PHILADELPHIA,
Iron Fronts, Stairs, Girders, Lintel*. Columns, etc.,
etc. Light and heavy Water Pipes, Sinks, etc. Fire
Doors, Bars, and Bilkers’ Oven Castings, etc. Old
castings of all descriptions.
MRS. MINA PAULY,
DOCTRESS,
■Will cure Erysipelas, Burns, Sore Breasts, and other
dif eases, especially female complaints. Office and res*
idence Fifty-sccond-at.. between State and Burnside.
SOUTH BISS AND WEST SIDS.
Dr. J. B. Walker, Oculist.
5M Statist., corner of Twelfth, from 10 to 1.
329 West Madlson-st, corner Aberdeen. from 2 to 4.
hardware.
ATWATER CO.,
Through the great fire of October?. Be-establiahed No
vember 15, on the old ground.
No. 176 Bandolpli-st.,
And ready to fill promptly all orders we may be fa
vored with for goods in our line of
Heavy Hardware, Farming Tools,
CONTRACTORS’ SUPPLIES, &C.
WASTED.
NOTICE.
TO CAPITALISTS!
A prominent and well established’ house will rent
for a term of years
A SUITABLE BUILDING I
North of Monroe, cast of LaSalle. Building required
to be ISO feet deep, finished on first fioor and base
ment- Address E. B. «fc CO.. Tribune office.
WANTED, TO RENT,
a good-sized commodious barn, on 'West Side, contain
ng is to 16 stalls. Must not bo far removed from the
river and Van Boien st. Address BARN, Tribune of
fice.
ART GOODS.
DEY GOODS.
HAMLIN, HALE COMPANY,
Having completed the
Washington-st. addition to
their Wholesale
House, now offer
their former extensive
line of Carpets aud Oil Cloths,
at Wholesale and Retail.
In Domestics, Woollens, Flannels,
Blaskets, Shawls,
Dress Goods, Hosiery, Linens,
and Notions, our stock,
is full aud complete,
and hits been since
October 24.
31 and 33 SOUTH CAKAL-ST., and 25,27 29
and 31 WEST WASHINGTON-ST.
PAKDRIDOES’
2XTEW STOHS
hare jati opened a large etoek of
WITMYSOOI
IN GREAT VARIETY. AT
29© West Miidis«ii-st.
R*"Bnycrs of all kind* of T)rv Goods save at least
OF-THIKD THEIR MONEY.
CO Ali.
WILKESEAEEE
COAL
From Our Own Mines,
BEING TUB
FIIEST QIiLITT OF ATTHBiCITE COIL
IS THE BASKET I
LABCIE EGG,
SHIAEK* egg,
RANGE.
NUT,
WILKEBBABBE LOP
Coal delivered on cars to country, |3.00 per ton.
Also Old Co.’s I clilgb, Cannel. Briar Hill, Hocking
Valley, Blosslmrg, and other Coals.
BLAKE, WHITEHOUSE CO.
CP*Office, 226 East V.'oshinrton-st. Yards, Eigh
tcentli-st. and IniHana-st. limlgeß.
CLOTHING.
MABIiDY HULL,
The Clothiers.
OVERCOATS,
Business Suits,
axdjl large LtSfE op
Oenfs’ Underwear,
JUST RECEIVED.
N0.122 West Madison-st.
~v~_?° OTS ANI>SHO£S
Boots g Sloes.
DOGGETT.BASSETT HILLS,
TTR AT
522 Wabasa-av.,
comer Baimon-coart, are now receiving a new stock of
Boots and Shoes,
and ore prepared to supply ens-
tamers.
stoves.
STOVES.
SSnfeE&. once r
THE ILLUMINATOR.
vStis g c «s.„ stoT6lo tt ia
MAGEE ADVANCE,
MAGEE STANDARD, with roasting closet, £o., or
Magee’s New Portable Range,
The Cheapest and best range in the market.
Sufferers by the great lire can get heating or cook
stoves at wholesale pricts, delivered and set up by
TILLOTSON BROS.,
•Hichifftru-av, corner Smcheon-tU
FLOUR.
‘PLANT’S EXTRA.’
•f* some retail grocers are
charging exorbitant prices
for S*JL.l*\'T’S EXTRA”
TLOIII, tee will hereafter
Ull orders, from FAJfll-
IdLES, at Si I, delivered to
any part of the city. Price
to the trade SiO.
A. 31. WRIGHT CO., Exclusive Agents,
Southwest corner Canal and Lake.sts.
BOOKS.
IAW BOOKS.
Until my new building. Is completed, I shall con
tinue doing business at my residence. Having no
rent to pay, and baying exclusively for cash os before
the Are, I can and do sell lower than any house East
or West, and give special rates to my customers -who
suffered by- the fire.
E. B. LITERS, Law Booisellcr,
JEWELRY.
Cta| Jswltf.
We beg to inform our patrons and the trade that we
have established ournewo&lce at 1311-3 WEST MADI
SON-ST.. having on handn full stock of cheap Horn,
Shell, and Plated Jewelry. We are prepared to fill all
orders promptly. _
SONNENSCHEINATREULICH,
UNDERWEAR.
UNDERWEAR.
LABGE STOCK, LOWEST PRICES, at
WILSON BROS
931 Wabash-av., 88 W. Washington-st.,
CHICAGO,
And PUre’a Opera House. Cincinnati.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION.
The partnership heretofore existing under the firm
name of Hammond Brother, Is dissolved by mutual
consent.
D. HAMMOND.
October 15,197f. T. C. HAMMON D.
In yanL relirareJ.
$8.30 $9.30
5..10 9.30
9.00 10.00
5.50 9.30
10.00
1022 Wabash-av.