4
|p« |nbmw.
Term et Subscript!®**
PAYABLE IK ADVANCE
Dally per year, by mail.-••«••• ••••••••••.$12.00
Tri-weekly Edition, per year, by mail 6.00
Sunday Edition, per year, by KAIL 2.50
Weekly Edition, per year, by MAIL 2,00
Parts ol a year at the some rate,
io ptovs n *»49t*#W| be 9WO and give Post
address in full, including State and county.
Remittances may be made either by draft, express,
•.Post Office order, or In registered letters, at out risk.
TEEMS TO CJTT SUBSCBISEBSt
©ally, delivered, Sunday excepted, 25 cents per wfjek.
Daily, delivered, Sunday Included, 30 cents per
Address THE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
No. 15 canal-su, Chicago, HL
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER IS7li
'wArtlCD~-A PUBLIC LIBRARY.
On the mottling preceding the great lire,
Tim Tribune published an appeal fora free
public library in Chicago. It was one of
several such appeals, in which wo announced
an intention to keep the subject before the
public until the great desideratum should
be supplied. The terrible events which
have since ensued have rather reinforced
inch an appeal than otherwise. Chicago’s
need of a free public library is much greater
than before the lire, and, we are glad to add,
the possibilities of soon obtaining one are
also greater than before. The sources from
•whichgreat public libraries, of the kind pro
posed, are obtained are (I) municipal
appropriations, which need not be lavish in
amount, and (2) private munificence, which
has always been found prolific in valuable
contributions to any public library -which is
hona tide public—that is, free to all. To show
what can be done with publishers, we have
only to cite the account given in these col
umns, a few daj'sago, of the collection of over
20,000 volumes by one gentleman, who passed
around among the American publishers and
booksellers. And wo now have a fresh in
stance of the feeling referred to, in the action
of certain British friends of America, toward
raising a noble contribution of books for a
free Chicago library.
In Loudon there is an Anglo-American
Association, presided over by Thomas
Hughes. M. P., and composed of phil-
Americanists like himself. At a recent meet
ing of this society a lecture was given (the
first of a similar course) by Mr. Justin
McCarthy, on Chicago and the Prairie
Country.” The lecturer was introduced by
Mr. Hughes, who, in his preliminary speech,
stated the details of a plan which ho is pur
suing with great energy and efficiency for
the replenishing of the great free library,”
destroyed at Chicago. This plan is to secure
from each living British author a copy of
each volume of his works while the deficit
of contemporaneous literature and the
necessary proportion of classical and stand
ard works should be made up by publishers
and individual contributions. The Anglo-
American Association has taken this matter
in hand, and will work in conjunction with
Mr.Burgess, the origiuatorof the scheme, for
the forwarding of the noble work. Mr.
Hughes has already corresponded with Thom
as Carlyle, Mr. Disraeli, and other distin
guished authors, with- decided success. Mr.
Carlyle grumbled, as his constitution com
pelled him to do, but wound up by saying:
"A copy of my books shall not, by any
means, bo wanting.” Mr. Tom Taylor, the
humorist and dramatist, promises complete
files of Fundi, and the principal publishers,
includingMacmillan, Murray, and Smith
Elder, have agreed to contribute liberally
from their shelves.
The generous founders and forwarders of
this movement are entitled to the heartfelt
gratitude of the Chicago public, and to even
an increase of the popularity which they
have already achieved in America. Mean
time, the question occurs. What disposition
shall be made of the gift from our English
friends, when it shall arrive? Certainly
Chicago was never so much in need of a
good public library as at present; andnever
.was there so much need that the books
which we shall be able to accumulate be so
placed before the public as to benefit the
greatest uumberof readers. Private libraries
by the thousand have been swept out of ex
istence, and, at the same time, have
perished the means for replenishing
them. Other means of mental occupation
and recreation have also been destroyed so
that the greatest demand for reading matter
an* books of reference comes at a time when
the supply Of such is almost entirely cut off.
”j 8 c^ ear that the contributions of our Eng
lish frieuds. and of others who may emulate
their liberality, will bo particularly wel
come and it is also clear that these benefits
can be utilized to the best advantage
ou through the medium of a consolidated
public library, taken care of by the citv
aud accessible to all citizens without charge!
The means of accomplishing so desirable a
rcouU are. fortunately, not difficult. A bill
18 already before it,., state Legislature au
thorizing municipal governments' to
appropt iations for the purpose of establishing
pnbl'c.libraries, and it will undoubtedly be°
come a law within a few weeks. This will
enable Chicago to organize a free library on
the same plan as that by which Boston has
mado ner free library the best collection in
America, and the strongest, numerically, ex
cept the Congressional Library at Washing
ton. An appropriation of twentyor twenty
live thousand dollars, or even less, with
suitable plans and regulations, would bo all
that would be required to carry the enter
prise info effect. -Landlords would compote
actively for the privilege of furnishing room
to so publican institution, and men of wealth
and letters would soon bo vicing with each
other in contributing books, manuscripts
pampldets—whole libraries—to the public
fund. The Boston Library has been enrich
ed, since its foundation, hy several very
choice private collections, turned over bodi
ly to it Vccansc of its stable and public char
acter. Ibo same would bo tbo case with a
Chicago library which could, by virtue of
its plan and management, secure tbo confi
dence of the Chicago public, and be adopted
as ftc library of the city. Especially might
7 'V th Butl an organization formed,
profit largely hy the generous sentiment now
-prevailing toward bar throughout the civil
ized world.
irmoßnY representation.
One of the duties of the Legislature is to
pass a new law, regulating the manner of
voting, and of counting the votes, for Ecpre-
Beutativesiu the General Assembly. The new
constitution provides for the apportionment
ot the State into Senatorial Districts
and the election of three Ecpro
sentatives m each district; and, also
that m all elections of Eepresentatives
aforesaid, each qnalilied voter may cast as
many votes for one candidate as there arc
Eepresentatives to be elected, or may dis
sa Of oannl parts thereof,
among the candidates as ho shall see fit; and
the candidates highest in votes shaU be de
clared elected.”
This is the law of the State, and the elec
tion must be held under it. But there ought
to bo some, legislation to give it effect. For
astnnee, there ought to be some prescribed
uniform rule, for the designation by the
i.° ol the division of his three votes
i-ach he entitled to cast three
or Ecnrcsentativo. Ho can give all three
votes for one candidate, or two for one can
didate and one for another, or he can give
one vote each to three candidates. What
-the iiegislatnro must do, is to provide by law
the mode m which this designation shall he
made. This mode ought to be uniform.
Provision .should also be made foi the
proper donating of ballots, when the voter
accidentally, or ignorantly, designates
more votes than -he is entitled'
■to give, as. lor instance, when he
deposits a ballot with three names upon it
with a designation of two or three votes for
one' candidate, without erasing the other
names. There ought to bo a uniform ml o
for the government of the inspectors in such
cases, cither requiring tho rejection of the
whole ballot, or counting one vote for each
candidate, or requiring tho three votes to he
counted as directed and tho othcra rejected.
At the first election, and until this mode of
balloting becomes familiar, there. will he
many such mistakes made. The jealousy of
candidates will induce complicated manipu
lations of the divisions of the votes and the
dealing with all snob cases our*
left to the discretion of partin' P 0
siblc inspectors of election? au 01 ttxospon*
A SLIGHT P
We have liccu fur -^FFEEEKCE.
present conditio' Btatel ellt oC «>o
suranco Comp I gcl illiains In
load Tiio rovi dcuco, Rhodo Is-
Auditor p Ml “Panr bad filed with the State
ou tlie-** swoni statement of its condition
ment lst f Deceml,er last, which state
wo compare with tho one prepared for
ia present emergency;
ASSETS.
Cash on hand
Cash in hands of agents.
Due for premiums
C. S. bonds
National Bonk stocks
Accrued interest*
Ivlins on poll**tcnils.’
Wee
,V u, t receivable
salvage claims
Total assets.
LIABILITIES,
Amount of losses unpaid
Chicago losses
Stare taxes *7O, ’7l
Required to reinsure at 40 p. c. C1.7G1
Required to insure at «o p. c.
Ret’n prom’s on murine rislcs
Unpaid dividends
All otberclahuß
Expense of closing business.,
Expense in defending suits..
Total liabilities SSG,G9I
T his company, upon this last exhibit, has
assets equal to 50 1-2 per cent of its losses in
Chicago, but is offering policy-holders 40 per
cent. But the statement on its face is ab
surd. Since January the assets, consisting
of cash, bank stocks, and government stocks,
have shrunk from $278,900 to $219,507. The
SIO,OOO of loans on collaterals have vanished.
Bills receivable, accrued interest, sums due
for premiums, salvages—all have perished.
Has there been a financial crash in Rhode
Island that has destroyed all these assets,
and depreciated National Bank stock 15 per
centl The shrinkage has even reached the
cash on hand and in the hands of agents, and
over 40 per cent of tho greenbacks have gone
beyond the reach of the officers. In January,
1871, tho company made a sworn statement
that its liabilities were but $80,094, against
assets of $278,990. On that exhibit it sought
business in this city up to the day of the
fire. Adding tho whole of the reported loss
in Chicago, tho liabilities made an aggre
gate of $310,794 liabilities, leaving assets
equal to 87 per cent of t he liabilities.
This company is but one of a score which
have presented a new schedule of assets and
liabilities upon which to settle with policy
holders. The statement speaks for itself.
We hope that no person will accept the 40 per
cent otl'crcd by tho company, but that tho
committee of policy-holders will pnt.this and
all other similar concerns in a court of bank
ruptcy, and compel a statement of what has
become of tho lost assets and a true state
ment of losses. The theory that unearned
premiums must be paid in full will not boar
the test of judicial investigation, A court
of bankruptcy will direct that all the credit
ors of a company shall share its assets pro rata.
Slowly hut surely justice seems to be over
taking the sinners at Salt Lake. Only a feu
years since, Brigham Young anil his polyg
amous elders, dwelling in the fertile valleys
that surround Salt Lake, bade defiance
alike to the moral sense of the world and
the laws of the nation. Human foresight
could hardly divine any condition of things
that would break the power of Brigham over
his ignorant followers. But at length the
necessities of the nation forced the building
of the Pacilic Railway, and the discovery of
rich silver mines in the Wasatch range at
traeted a large crowd of hardy Gentiles who
do not recognize the authority of B. Young.
The ofliccrs of the government began to feel
that they now had strength enough to exe
cute the laws of the land. Indictments
were found for lewd and lascivious
cohabitation against Brigham and several
of his leading men. The trial was set for
next Monday; but Brigham is absent in the
southern part of the Territory, and his law
yers plead for a delay of two weeks. Wheth
er the delay be granted or not will make no
difference in the result. He will not deny
the fact that ho has a dozen or more wives,
so-called, and the conviction may as well
come lirst as last. On condition of his obey
ing the law hereafter, no one will object to a
pardon from the President, and there let po
lygamy end. To this conclusion must it come
at last, for the forty millions of American
people cannot abandon or modify one of the
essential elements of Christian civilization
to accommodate a few rich Mormons in
Utah.
The Common Council seems unwilling to
take up the subject of excluding frame
buildings. Many of the men who are going
out seem determined to vote against the
ordinance, for the purpose of using it as
capital to get back next year, and several
of those holding over, in the remote wards,
seem to be afraid that somebody will use it
against them at the next election. Alder
man Wilce, of the Tenth Ward, deserves the
thanks of the public for the zeal and ability
with wluoU ho too pushed this ordinance
and brought bis practical knowledge to tho
consideration of this important ques
tion. Tho best thing tbo Com
mon Council can do is lot the
subject lay over, to bo acted on by tho new
City Government elected since tho lire
These new members, it is to bo hoped, art)
alive to tbo necessity of doing what every
other largo city lias long since done—prohib
iting the erection of any more wooden build
ings. If Chicago is over to put off the ap
pearance of barracks, and take on that of a
permanent city, now is the time to begin.
So long as a man is liable to have his perma
nent improvement surrounded hy shanties
and tinder-hoxes, such improvements will ho
postponed, and tho city remain a lumber
yard; and conflagration will he considered
one of the institutions of tho city, to bo paid
for in double rates of insurance in companies
which Will pay ten cents on tho dollar of
their losses.
t A minority of a committee of the Common
Council bay© reported that, in their judg
ment, Mr. Carstcn Blohmo was elected Al
derman of the First Ward in tbo autumn of
IS7O. instead of Sir. J, J. Knickerbocker, tho
sitting member. Inasmuch as a minority of
a committee cannot make a report in any
case, and can only submit their dissent from
the conclusions of tho majority by permis
sion of tho majority, and since no such per
mission has been granted, the irregularity
and unimportance of the proceeding are suf
ficiently obvious. But, in point of fact, Mr.
Knickerbocker received thirteen votes more
than Mr. Blohmc at that election, according
to tho official count. A recount, made at the
instance of Mr. Blohme’s friends, resulted in
throwing out nine of Mr. Knickerbockers
votes for iutoiuiality, leaving him still a ma
jority of four.
The ChrhHaa Union (edited, as wo learn
from an announcement at its head, by Henry
nrd Beecher.) says of Grant’s correspond
ence with Murphy:
TT'f 1 ‘hat we could say that Goner'
s|=ffia;siw&feSS
s t^a.*S3?s>Si*-ff
or underrates its acnmen. But is it rcason
roliefon a P ul, lic ‘cacUei-,Tiotli of politics anil
roligron, to require of his audience greater
faith than he has himself. I don’t Whcve
for my own part.” says Beecher, “y« nn
douhtedlv, the simple pnhlic, with eves less
openaud months more so. will swallow H
“ThoJaUatl" 10 06 f setol >ShUn at lS£
the flames with bucket "of a
In^SsaldZ™^ fllC Bt Ck b
styles of good; dM IC a 6 to and
SANITARY MATTERS.
Regular Meeting of the
Mortality of the Past Week-
Increase of Typhoid
Fever.
Jan. 1, *7l. iVop., ‘7l.
33.58 a 20,781
1,720
4,105
05,15(1 55 000
147,61(1 125,000
3,239
10,000
10,063 10,306
1,001)
2,810
Continued Prevalence of Small-Pox--
Criminal Neglect of Physi
cians and Others.
A Case of Shocking Inhumanity
—A New Small-Pox Hos
pital Wanted.
*219,870
.*278,000
Jan. 1, ’7l. Kot., ’7l.
$23,003 40,922
75.75G
21,051
A regular meeting of the Board of Health was
held yesterday afternoon. Mayor Mason in the
chair. Present—lnspectors Johnson, Bauch,
Hoard, Von Hollen and Reynolds. The report of
Sanitary Superintendent Ranch was submitted,
showing the total number of deaths for the week
ending November 25 to have been 132, in addition
to 2 premature and 13 still births. There was an
increase of 10 over the preceding week. The
chief causes of death were as follows: Acci
dents, 6; brain disease, 7; cholera infantum, 2
consumption, 8; convulsions, U; croup, 3;
diphtheria, 3; dropsy, 3; enteritis, 5;
scarlet fever, S; typhoid fever, 24; hydro
cephalus, 4 inanition, 3: old age, C;
pneumonia, 9; small-pox, 4. Of those under I year
of ago there were 30; betweea one and two, twen
ty and thirty, and thirty and forty. 12 each and
between four and live, 2. Of males there were
76; females, 57. On the 19th Inst, there were 19
deaths; on the 20th, 19; on the 21st, i»; on the
22d, 19; on the 23d, 18; on the 21th, 21, and on the
25tn, 21. In the Fifteenth Ward there were 19
deaths: in the Ninth, 1C; in the Sixth, 14; in the
Right, 13. The largest ratio of mortality was in
the Fifteenth "Ward, where there the rate was 1
in 1,353 of population; and the smallest in the
Thirteenth, where there was but 1 death, or lin
9,740.
1,317 8,000
7,500
8389,732
EESURK3 OF TOE SUPERINTENDENT.
The Superintendent, in his remarks, states .that
the increase in mortality is common to this season
of the year, and there Is nothing unusual in it;
in fact, the general health of the city continues
good, taking into account tho peculiar conditions
that now obtain here. Compared with last week,
there were 3 mote deaths by accident: 2by brain
disease; 4by consumption :2 by dlpthcria; 2 by
enteritis: 7by typhoid fever; 3by hydrocephalus;
3by inanition; 4by old ago; 2by pneumonia, and
2by small-pox while there were two less by
croup ;3 by diarrhoea :2 by scarlet fover; 3by
gasf ritis; 4by heart disease, and 4 by meningitis.
Tbo increase in adult mortality shows that
the tire, with its concomitants, to
gether with tho severe weather, had a
marked inlliiencc uponold age. TUemost marked
increase has been in typhoid fever, which disease
has steadily increased for the last mouth, and,
Horn present indications, will continue to do so,
unless many of the houses, particularly in dis
tricts where our foreign population resiles, are
relieved from overcrowding. During tho past
week several horrid nests have been discovered,
and the inmates promptly removed to the bar
racks.
THE BARRACKS.
One death —that of a child, of croup—occurred
m tho barracks, the first in four weeks. There
was gome suffering from cold during the week;
hut, generally speaking, the health in the bar
racks is much better than among the same num
ber of people of a like class who live in houses in
different partsof thecity. Much progress has been
made in making tho barracks more comfortable,
while their sanitary condition has also been
much improved. In short, many of the people in
them are better cared for, and in better condi
tion, than they were before tho lire. No other
case of small-pox has occurred in the barracks,
and the vaccination and rcvaccination of all is
nearly completed. There is still danger, how
ever, as individuals are daily admitted from tho
densely crowded houses in different parts of tho
city, and continued vigilance is necessary.
_ SMALLPOX.
The remarks of the Sanitary Superintendent,
on the subject of small-pox, are as follows:
Daring the past xveek eases of small-pox anil ratio
have been reported at No. 243 Division -street. No.
i.j Burlington street, »o. 51 string street, No. go Fisk
avem, e. No. lOTjdhnaon street.
West Catlianuc street. No. 202 West Twelfth
atrc^ t Ko. 819 Larrabeo street,
>-Vr Hb est Division street. No. 599 south Union
street, -street, No. 180 Indiana street.
No. i? 66 South J elliTson street. No. 33 Ruble street No
42 spring street, and at the Marine Hospital. It will
be seen from the foregoing that the disease is on the
increase, and will continue to bo so while medics! men,
and those having patients in their houses, neglect to
report, and persons fall to protect themselvesby vac.
cuiatlon ami
live In tho city, individuals come help with the
malady from the connin', other cities, and
gnmts. Three of tuose reported this week arrivedTn
this country bj tho steamer Alleuiauia, but tho dis
ease did not develop itself until alter thev had boon
here several days. In the winter of 1SG1) i called the
ei, i^ n °f: aml subsequently, that of
«.m* d«legntion m Congress, to the necessity of vac,
1 lir atl^onpMSii^?t fAb fore l, V’’ V lvavo the old comi-
Jn. 2so action was taken, and it Is to be hoped that
TTV, S/f5i U Kr«J. 1 i r «i^l eni of throughout the
U mtetl states at this time will bring nlxmt such ac
-011!?111 AVaytbs,t thelntroduction and
spnauof thomscaso from abroad can bo prevented,
t amounts to Utile, and, in
tills n spect, Jh a failure at least to :i great i>v
lent, ns the disease docs not always Show it
self m patients when they leave the an&nmtliu>
station. Much speculation has been indulged in with
rd H*? tll oUrcoo infection, but to mo it is
perfectly ptain,. as for tho last vear iiearlv overv
stcamei that arrived in this country from Euro no liali
small-ijox aboard. Of the cases now in this city fonr.
monff f °rolgnprs. Thu teason of this is ner
£SL r ,V Un a3 maliy of them think that it is unneces
sary to vaccinate, or rovaccinate, while, at tho Sa
time, they arc placed in tho wav of the infectioM hv
oohlact with their friemh yih 0 have Just aniv%
coail by. Tinssamocomlitiouobtains atCLncin
nati, where, from October lto November 9.210 died of
small-pox, and of these 200 were Germans For this
ineliniiiTw r Ve tL Ja< J on, y twelve deaths by this disease,
imluiim-, two that were not reported. Small-nox is
also quite prevalent at st. iWs. In both cities tie
donlh rate for tho last fourycars, liy small-pox has
been much greater than in this city, 1 3
I deem it my duty to call attention to Dr. M. O.
Springer, who reported constipation of bowels as the
cause of death of a Mrs. Hall, who died at No. 37 Untile
j «™uber 14. of what has since proved to bo
l' as been brought against Dr. Spring
er, but ho has left the citj*. TJIO circumstances at
tendant upon.thu discovery of the causoof death of this
n fi OWB: 011 a,st Jmrsday morning a
man, who said Ills name was Darwin Hall, presented
himself at tills office, and requested that I should send
i lr/tsmi* r° ir,>s l ,i tal After a careful exam
inatien, I detected no evidence of small-pox but he
said he was salislied, from what ho had been told about
lie llml or wonia have the disease,
senVVofiii 1 1 ,a VVJ 88 p V rBl9 l UDt 1,1 Ashing to be
a l»o said that
llu ,disease. limmediatelyreferred
tothciecoidand found tiio case ns stated be’fore -ind
told them mo, direct ug him. at the m« t,. r.
turn In vvlicrc ft
VES*-.,TSSaS
|SS£!pSSStSgS
tip same that 1 tolil cant- U ill 14
sl >e left apparently aatteflcl F.-ftrl
,,n Fi idflv morning she returned, apparent)v exultant
saying that slip ,v a certain that lip uiau 'iiail sin-in'
wx, ami that .-be wanted him takeniway iSi
her that I did not believe that so sudden a chan*»t»
could occur, ami also told her that I wouhl seohim
ll!< hOO ll 1 could get away from the office i
sa%\ the mmi between 12 axid 1 p. m., and found him in
a bam, with no tire, and hut 1 itlle cj>v.‘rin,i «,..Vi
swollen ami bloodshot, dimcultv of roSirotiofl’ with
free expectoration of blood, but wUli 1» mirkl nf
small-pox. The inhumanity that drove the man to the
l«un caused mo promptly to decide tint i»n„ii 0 L
J«‘ -SW&-S? S
tvas sent a..d“SS I lst
X »^'»ntliiapar«nmio"rt f o e S l a?
iiiSsifiSaiss
til;.., Wnlclptfril assttiC-ilr ><e tiic case.it la
the w 1^ lm lsl 1 ‘i lcm otmustextent <5
have to hppp it a Mcret be n reason (bey can
the fear that It will ln .f i in S ot ITblc or
Xtyqucn(lJ U C3 TI “J r 'Wnk tin,! tSfiraetlpa
ui>fm others. 3 01 Wc ami much aufierlng
jilh by many is to me inex
■fi'aed vacciunllcn. f No''be?tjK m'K! week. ie
cacy of vaccination mill tion the effl
than that now* pu*i«ini.iii.wm uin, ,io n cau be found
Here it is S,i“ V' L Clly m thi barracks.
|u the same war. Flags liare S the others
homes when* thero idaccxl on all tlio
rant, and one saloon nn/» i~riJ)ILJ™ lx 1 addition totlir
fave been clo.^dTu I Sg JJ? 1 n olmro ntore
the Maine buihlingJu 11 t -‘l a em.e of small pox being in
rp» OTHER REPORTS
-as re
and.2U nuisances abated PonrnSn 6 becn sorv ed
Sfsajsr
SrfSjJ-FSM
f>r. Adolphus reports tSt i ‘S av a S® r .worb.
hitchcn ar the Central i £mcmnatr soup
mease benetlt in Is-of i m
much comfort to fhnrSSo;? 0111 01 n °w- and of
need of fresh plo supplying the
he ceiled"
the bareaebti and ehouhl
publish-
K& d £s?»£ aS estate
lerten avenue, DonslirpiSe am? n w dc byr, I
I nuc, was referred to the^S?mt»£ c,tora vc
Hospital to supple the nlarn n? !1 Sl “all Pox
Tlio board then adjourned.
To the Editor of
<3tf». T T J/,c Cwcttffo Tribune:
am by this morning's Tamest: that
•THE CHI'
Board of Health.
!A<GK) TRIBONE 1 h WEDNESDAY,: *29, 1871:
BU lciClltto meot
®*?S° tlie following lu your
tbo Relief Committee and
others to make up tUo deficiency:
Eighteen yards ot common print will rnnkn n
cover three yards long and three wlde-wldS
enough for a double hod. Sow the breadth to
gclhor, and lay smoothly between them sheets of
oidinary heavy, thick, brown wrapping paper
lap the edges, and stitch through allwith woollen
or cottou.yarn, and knot the sameSanaorsffi?
comforter.
~o ne. °.r t l leße comforters will dojnoro to keen out
the cold than a pair ot common woollen blankets
It hen they become soiled (which, with care, need
not ho oftenor than onoo in six months or a year)
rip one sldo of the cover, out tho tacking and re
move the paper; and, after washing and ironing
the cover, the eamo paper may bo replaced, re
tacked, and the seam sewed, when tho comforter
w ill he as good as over.
If the blankets given out by tho Relief Com
mittee could ho lined with paper and tacked as
above, there would he a groat improvement in
warmth and a saviagof Veryreapect
ful .v. Mrs. T. 11. H.
Chicago, hov. 27.
building material.
Chicago Prejudiced in Favor of Brick—An lui
mease Consumption Anticipated in tbe Re
building of the Cllv—Abundance of Brick ma
terial In this Vicinity—Location and Capacity
of Chicago Brick Vards-Forelgn Brick and
Tbelr Cost-Profits at a Brick Manufactory.
Since tbo fire tbo people of Chicago have boon
greatly prejudiced in favor ot brick as a building
material. After tbo passage ot tbo new fire ordb
nance, which premises, with all its modifications,
to bo sufficiently stringent, that prejudice will be
materially strengthened. Brick burned in tbe in
tensity of tbo beat of the great fire, but with a
difference. Tbe sand of a great number was vit
rified, but others camo out of tbe furnace entire,
or in pieces, which are already doing
service in the wails of now buildings. For two or
three years past Chicago has annually consumed
for building purposes from 100,000,000 to 125,000,000
ol brick. Tbe consumption of brick will bo five
or six times greater tbo coming season than that
of any previous year. Nearly all of tbe common
brick used in Chicago have been made in tbe im
mediate vioinity of tbc city. Tbo capacity of tbe
yards can bo increased possibly to 200,000,000.
The manufacture of bricks is not without ~en
erai and historic interest. Bricks have been used
from time immemorial in theereotion otbuiidin-s.
Recent ages have improved on tho old motbods'of
their manufacture, which can hardly bo reckoned
among the lost arts. To make tbo clay cohere it
is not now found necessary to use straw, tbe ab
sence ot which increased tbo hardship of Israo’-
itlsb bondage in Egypt, and caused much Hebrew
lamentation. WIC
'CHICAGO DSICK.
The material fOT the making of brick la abun
‘"tt® vicinity of this city. Just below
the surface of the flat prairie on which the
metrowflis is buil t,,ls a bed of clay that is coexten
sivo with the prairie and, of course, inexhausti
ble. Hitherto the extension of the dockage ofthe
city has supplied the yards with nearly all the
material they needed. If a lumber deafer want
ed a slip made, all he needed to do was to adver
tise the fact, and the necessary excavation was
made by a firm ot individuals who used the clay
taken out in the manufacture of brick. Chicago
Ki.'Vr? “'•erdyeritleised by connoisseurs. K
the first place, they are not handsome. That
must be conceded. In the second place, thev
contain a certain amount of lime, which some
times slakes after they are placed in the walls,
and occasion unseemly rents and fissures. This
last objection can be urged only in exceptional
that the bricks made
in the j ards on the South Branch contain a much
wSy?. e 2i? lt ,B^ £s H lll 6 thall “*°ae mailnon
S,?„ N n Sl d ?P a that thoao made on the North
Side, beyond Fullerton avenue, are less faulty
than the others of that locality. With all then*
exceptional fanlts.lt may still iio said “hat lo?
common purposes the Chicago brick are excelled
re Sions as regards durability.
The piessed brick made hero are said not to be
very fine specimens ot that branch of industry.
Nearly all the yards in the city are along the
Branch and South Branch of the Chicago
River. The following yards are located on the h
SOUTH BRANCH.
Coklin ,t Campbell C Vooo 000
Ol.u i Kistner. offSs
Smitli d: Austin, marly s'ooo’om
Dernckson. nearly
Tcgn.eyer Wtrflel .".T! 4*ooo*ooo
H rla nd t y«a».la Uiitorout B
John IVliltius .MS
i?"n a w‘S?- rnsan
5-,?j aU cr 10,000,000
Cbauncoy «fc Miller, near1y..,,,.,, «*nfto’non
Cliarley K obnVM.V,V,'.V,V,V,V.V.V.V.V.V.V,V.V.V.*.* 4|ooo|ooo
Kostins Dittn^.™.!^,
Strauss, Holme Co (several yai is)
Amann Co., nearly
Louis Mi11er......1.....V
Brauckiuann Sundmaciiei*
Lr.Galm
Lciuckc.
Proctor.
AU these yards US6brick molding machines of
some of the numerous patents ao\f before the
??n»Sv* Tlia i m ac line ß average about tile same
£SJJ?. Cl S{ r?'°rt JS a i >out 18.W0 brick per flay.
y all Kpaatl tbo clay, and mold it. dofn-awav
S'** 11 theold 'wheel,and tfie slow methods o? sham
i Bricks cannot bo made when the nights arn
SSSSSJ. nEC 'luently the first baking or brinks
cannot do turned out until sometlmo in Mav aml
operations must ceaso by tbo Ist o£ Noveuh?r
and sometimes earlier. <u aovemuor,
r.1.?,L e ,T e ca past.briok-making has not been
profitable in Chicago, and the manufacturers
Gave had a hard. time i. Prices havo^'S
at which figures there
eLSes^e? e an b s^So P S^
f™, s Mug obliged to part with thelr etockhavo
let It go at ruinous rates. I.ast season an effort
was made by owners of brick-yards to coiSe
for tbo purpose of keeping up the rams but the
eflort was a failure. An Sttlmpt to arnce todb
mmieb the number manufactured nroved cmiiii v
futile. Now the brickmakers purpole toa?eim
burse themselves, tbo prices Vcinggrcatlv en
?t?.u CCth0 I'rosi'nptfvo supplyMingsoUrn
itcd. The present modest demand is *l£-an ex
aggerated rate, which cannot be maintained after
tlie season opens again. alter
T OUTSIDE BRICK,
ir builders cannot obtain brick made in tba
18 Pj prime importance that they should
obliged to go no further than is absolutely
necessary beyond the city limits. All the brie?
needed for the reconstruction of Chie'iVe
easily obtained by those "ho have pura£ of ™i!i
clem length. The nearest plkces P c ?v
where bricks are now made: are Willow
Jefferson. Niles, WinotkmlViuteganMriSf
Dunton, and Desplalncg, all of wSrilla "3 are’
|£»iiiKS:SSl€
f til mming or for entire fronts ofbuild-
a re a so lu ado to n greater or less ortonf
mSsmm
pnee asked forChieago brick n tUe
sstssiisss
oomobyrall nVd ri ranrSs' 1 ?r at a ■“Maneemiiat
al>,mdant mfcflmtely“m
Tim C ST MACHINERY, ETC.
Hon h“ SS ifo“Snv^et^ns-,oaloila
&agßS£^r%,issa
Shed
Two 2^oo
JS'J nt around, planks, etc iSS
TtS™f st tu mMll,lllM and draw iirti;; S

JOO
Harnesses.. 100
SS
Ham ftT horses
”to“?isi?“ d^
Wood (to bo done previous* to wintAri 532
Other expenses to first kiln .I*.*” £.OOO
Total
current expenses, aud a liaudsomc X
wcS «S o[eilM!nmu s for »bo BO< son
IStfiSfnr? l’™ Dt almost cepm! to the original ox
-5fi52i t SSi>.A. p 8 n w J 10 “as capital at Ida com-
Wpll n?.i> s J rea to turu ovcr two or Uireo
Hans in !c d next two seasons, will do well to
seek an eligible Hto 2 IT a brick-yard in Chicago
or.ita immedito vicinity. nmP" afl needful prepar
ations during tho cold'weather n„ be ready to
commence business as «5m Stfci&ftm oP a s
THE MURDERERS,
Su
1 onliminncc Granted Gregory fVri
the Alleged Double-Murderer.
hiK V^,^ W J Perteet baying been abanAmteif by
bJS attorney, as was stated in TheTbibcse of
Monday, the Criminal Court Judge, yesterday
appointed.Thomas H. Marsh to defend Mm. M
Perfect is a colored man, and It is aaidof him that
bo cut the throat of his wife, Martha*
THE FIRE INVESTIGATION.
Continuation of the Examina
tion of Witnesses by the
Board of Police.
Testimony of the Man at the Crib and
Firemen—How the 6as Eeser
voirs were Emptied.
The Board of Police and Firo Commissioner.,
yesterday, resumed tbelr examination, wltb re
gard to tbe causes ot tbo burning ot tbc city.
Tbc first witness examined was
CAPTAIN MICHAEL UICKET.
Ho did not attribute tbo conflagration to tbo
drunkenness ot tbo firemen, and boiteved that
only Divine Providence could have stopped It
when it reached Monroe street Tbougb bo be
lieved tbe gas in tbo works near tbo Armory did
not pass through water.be could testify that
something coming from tbo Gas Works was
wont to go into tbo cells of tbo
Armory through tbo sewers, which smelt
most abominably of gas, a nuisance which bo
bad complained of for eight years. Wltb regard to
preventing tbe spread of tbe fire in its earlier
stages, he did not believe It practicable, and tbe
combustible material on both sides of tbe river
was about equal.
JOHN LOLLAND,
keeper of tlie crib, said tlio sparks began to fall
upon tbo crib at half-past 11 o’clock on Sunday
nifilit, and continued to fall until 3 o’clock on
Monday morning. Brands from 3 to c indies in
length feU upon the crib, and would
have burned it but for the careful at
tention ho had bestowed upon it
with pails of water. The brands appeared to
be fragments of pine boards, and must have
travelled three miles. Ho could not tell at what
hour the Waterworks were destroyed, but saw
by tho cessation of tho current in tho crib that
the pumps had ceased to act. The smell of the
smouldering city is painfully plain when tho
wind is from the west.
1 GEORGE E. FULLER,
the night telegraph operator, was the next wit-
I™olsely tbe same as
the statement made by him to a reporter of Tub
Tribune, and published some days ago. He
could give no evidence as to intoxication on the
part of the fireman. In answer to a Question
pom Fip Marsha! Williams, whether he ramem
y?J'yWia2B>lmvl>>g stated that tbe con
dition of tbe Court House would render it a good
morsel for a wholesale lire, be said bo did not
D. J. SWEENT,
foreman of tbo steamer Fred. Gund, made some
rather Interesting statements. Summed up
they were to thefollowlngeffect: Ho bad boon m
tbe department since 1849. Ho went to
at the third alarm
i?;i'- o tai 0 5fe- 6X i aotly an hour 1111,1 ,!ve minutes
after the first alarm was given. He drove down
Tyler street to Jefferson, and thence to Canal
street. Finding tbe churck on tiro on the inside
he ceased to play upon it, and turned bis stroanl
““h 3116 eluw* bmSed
down, but the mill was saved. Meanwhile a col
umn of fire came upon him from tbo south and
drove lum away. Then Bateham’s mill was
burned, and, as bo earnestly believed, tbe firo
spread to the South Side from that point. Tbe
firemen were not intoxicated, but some of the
companies were without officers, and were very
slow. The tire could not have been extinguished
when it reached the South Side, but its spread
could have been prevented. He would have
nSS a long tl ,‘s riTer an d saved Frank-
I h< i c<mW 111170 flone as there was
no fire in the gas house, nor Harwell's bulldin»
nor anywhere on Market street. The onlyen
gmes he saw on the South Side were the Economy
and mnehago. He admitted that there
was no plan of action adopted for lighting
the fire, and that when he reached tho scene of
the A\cst Side conflagration it was pretty well
dampened down, and not likely to spread. There
was no great amount of wind when he started to
the fire/hut afterward it blew a hurricane.
This was the most important evidence obtained
during the morning session.
The examination was continued at 2 o'clock,
tho first witness being
JOHN M’MONAGLE,
Foreman of the steamer Long John. On going to
e 'i ha a t° o °ived orders from Assistant
sllal f* la S 1° 6° north of the fire, but had
iJ?SS gradually driven away. On telling Mr.
tllat another lira had started on the
South Side, he received orders to go there at
once, and going there found the Economy there
already. When pumping into tho pipes on Mon
day a lino of hose tras sent across tbo river. No in
ducement ‘was offered to force a stream on tho
coal pile from the engine—npQQ him noaitlvpu?
me wamus, Bf* he coma stoea£
M water 6£i uuo eoal pile for an hour. He let the
stream nm for an hour longer, and then turned
it on to the water mains. He denies hayingheard
tmmey being paid to his men for a diver
sion of the stream. Mr. Sheridan said citizens
were complaining that such was tho case, but the
witness denied it most unqualifiedly. The water
was sent across the coal pile on Wednesday. On
m r ?s l ho ll^,? ee ei7c<11113 orders to get to
7 9 r^, al 1110 toot of II ashmgton street to pumn
into the water mains, and tEere the line was at
tached to the coal piles. The horses attached to
the Long John were found at Riverside. All ifis
men were with him except Coffin, who did notre
port until Tuesday morning at the Williams’
house. H® believed that he nad been workin—
with some Ottor company, having been told that
ids engine was burned. All tho rest of his men
were with him, and sober since the first alarm.
He knew that in ail the alleys at tho back ot tho
hanks and big buildings there wore very many
ftamo buddings containing carpenter's shops, en
graver S rooms, and so forth. Saab was the case
with the Oriental Building, and these caught the
sparks shed by the loftier buildings. t tUo
HENRY ULRICH,
a policeman, stationed at tho Arnmrv
called to give his statement of the tmSn/’ o f7of
thegasatthawoljs. A frame building opposite
fl«p«TOl.toU»,Bd a shed of tflo gas
worSs followed. An officer of the workTsald
lot go, everything took lire ST fin
J Afau St t e gns works o first°on r: the 0
Adams street. As soon as the can
the fire spread attest’the wtnl HehSd nJt
th“ AiZ^“ Dg Plod 03tcopt a 111110 Powder in
John Doyle, engineer of the steamer Veto
great ralae*; xamiuecl but hla testimony was of no
7,000,000
NICHOLAS DUIIACir.
biy need n forbeddtog aU ho“ c P cno b ot
On^m&Tffe^
would put out his coal He wns a lnw
reached the A™ there were four buildings
go^he^o?thTfire l^
a»SouthSidXthoh^g^o over
TZ^° nSibmty WhCn be saw°tho he
of the Little Giant?dld anything of the
or°ieß3. r
_ BIR. PETER T. lIUBTTC
Superintendent of the Chicatro 6ia Tuiif ._a
Coke Company, testified :W w£f nt S rhn ”'l
°f° r be during the fire, but did noflkuSw whSSo
tbo fire began on the South Sido At thafti™
the coal shed running nortli from tim
house was on fire, as well os theThS tuf
jt° telescopic 8 bffl'^S
uncoupling as bo arrived. Thovalvc
olowul, as wdl as the MonrmTstreef v«i™
No other valve had been tonobed, The
‘'“ootvoro. in case of fire, to'keep the hddm
down, which were obeyed, and the gaswaa bnbS
conveyed over to the North Side, and to raSSf
c ity- The gas remained in the holder r,!r
days. The hre opened the seams and tu2 r ton
mnee leaked m,L C holde? d w ls° gi?
independent
111010 no chanooforoscanfl
Jj? “P °f .the gasometer, except from t!in
man-hole. The North Sido gasometer could
not have been full at that
night. The water in the tanks did not
SSie wl Sf lt ll a S°t filled it rau off luto tho
His brother or the night Superintendent
Ta 6 sent tiio gas to the North
A«o*r a p n !a amount couftl have escaped
After tho breaking of service pipes there was no
I’ l 10 but ratW a vacuum in too ph.s,
ua the air mixed with it P SS
caused the explosion. As a proof
nn= t m.?d!S le Lu? lveß J l aa J 3eon °P°ned, the small
gas-holder still retained five feet of gas. Tha
Towering of the gas-holder could not have been
rapid. None of the holders were full. Xbfiewas
no explosion in the works of tho comn-.nv Th«™
were no means by wbioh the g»= cotfid ba turned
into the sewers, nor the Water from theb?s to
SE.a it no? v i T b« coyer of toe manhole
was not burned or obarred.
morning? ard thcn aa J ournod tin 10 o’clock this
Need of ft Piilftlf Storehouse for Goods la
To the Sailor of The Chicago Tribune
Bib During the last thirty days, your columns
hare been filled with a variety of communica
tions upon many snhjects, exhibiting a wide di
versity; of opinion In almost every instance, but
in every ease disclosing an anxious desire to con
tribute something to the welfare of our suffering
city.
I propose to; make d few suggestions in regard
to too importation business of Chicago, which, I
foei snre, will mcx-l with the hearty approval and
support of every citizen who looks not simply to
retaining the past pr.e-eminence of Chicago in the
trade and commerce dt the Northwest, hut is able
Sfh“ir^'' a ‘Ss «se
tire blQck bounded by Madljfoli on ?S atoll on
and Dearborn streets, for tbf, n ’,.iJ? l? roe Clarlr
buildings and. upon that lute “SSS 011 oC auc b
printum of }0,000,000 or &,oon oa, aPPro
commodations for toe govetomSt e
city destined to number miinL. 1191 83 ot
This is eminently bo!T“J P°oplo.
to meet with the npSmvil S i OUS £t
support of every member J
from the- Northwest nJ aI Congress
toat the appropriation win “t “g
fitill require from three fn wa.II.
to execute tho plan l»r the aptm!
tfoa and completion of tlie buildlneJa MaSnHm#
more than tho goverumeue waars a marble pal- 1
Bond.
ncc in whiob to transact its business In Chicago.
Tho Collector of Customs; can, if need bo. collect
ten or twenty millions in duties in hla present re*
articled and inconvenient quarters at Congress
Hall, provided tho government will furnish
proper facilities for the storage of goods In bond.
At present there is but one bondecTwarehouso in
Chicago; the rates of storage are high;
Insurance is exorbitant; and tho
situation is Inconvenient, necessitating heavy ex*
pense for cartage. One of the largest importing
houses here—Messrs. Field, Belter Co., who, ft
will be recollected, Inaugurated tho business of
transportation in .bond from New York a few
weeks before the Are—have stopped their impor
tations direct for the reasons above stated, name
ly: high rates of storage and insurance; and
they now await tho provision of. better facilities
for the storage of bonded goods., I*ast year, their
importations reached nftcen hundred cases,
which they expect to increase next season to two
thousand. Messrs. v. Farwell <Sc CO. will proba
bly import a like amount.
Now, what these merchants, and all engaged
in the importing business in Chicago want isoheap
storage and low rates of insurance, in order to
compote successfully with the New York mer
chants for the jobbing trade of the Northwest
The only way to accomplish their object is by the
erection here, by the government, at tho earliest'
possible moment, of a Public Storehouse. This
storehouse should he large and commodious, cen
trally located with reference to railway and river
transportation, of the most approved lire-nroof
construction, and should contain all the neces
sary appointments for the receipt, delivery, hand
ling and storage of imported goods while held in
bond; m all respects similar to tho nubile stores
d* Boston, New York, and Baltimore!
The establishment of such a “store” will at
once and forever regulate the rates of storage
ana insurance for bunded warehouses hereafter
to be erected, and enable the Chicago merchant
a R? down his goods in Chicago as
s“.??■Pv a the New-York importer can do there,
Srpofnt Bimpl additiou 01 height from the lat
-1 omuw? 1 Bt Louia wiU not toll to ask,
and Urey ought to receive, the same oonsidora
tion from Congress as sought to be obtained for
Chicago by these suggestions; and, by a combi
nation of the interests of the three great Import
lug points of the ,A\cat, it ought not to fall of
speedy accomplishment.
It will be understood by importers, but may not
be known to the general reading public: that
there is no compulsion about storing goods in a
public store. The Importer is free to place his
importations in any warehouse bonder by the
government; but the experience of the govern
ment, in all cases where such stores have been
erected, is. that they are always full, and conse
quently self-sustaining.
These suggestions are not intended in any man
ner to interfere with tho plan for electing largo
Custom House and Post Office buildings as soon
as may be; but I dO not hesitate to say that, if
either is delayed, it should be the Custom House
and Post Office, and not the Public Store, The
former will doubtless be a triumph of architec
ture, an ornament to tho city, and a credit to the
nation for all time to come; but the latter Is an
essential and immediate necessity to the conve
nient transaction of the business of to-day.
Chicago, Nov. 25. Ciuri.es H. Ham.
NATURE AND ART.”
The Lecture of llnlpb Waldo Emerson on
Monday Night—Full Abstract of the Words of
the Concord Philosopher*
The lecture of Ralph Waldo Emerson on Mon
day night, at the Wabash Avenue Baptist Church,
■was well attended. The building is one of the
handsomest religious edifices in the city, and, be
ing itself an artistic model, was fitted
for the delivery of a lecture on art.
The audience gathered was well-bred,
well-dressed, quiet, and ooldly-intellcotnul enough
to pass for a select gathering of people in Boston.
Through the hush and dimness that preceded the
coming of the lecturer, the organ played; first a
classic overture upon some grand and noisy
theme, then a quiet number suited to religious
meditations, and had commenced on one of
Strauss’irreverent waltzes, when Mr. Emerson
was quietly ushered to the stand. Mild applause
greeted his appearance.
The church at once became a place of light, and,
while the brief speech of introduction was being
uttered, ladies and gentlemen studied the exte
rior appearance of the the thoughtful New Eng
lander. The Concord philosopher is tall, spare,
and verging on three score and ten. But for an
ungraceful curve, his nose would be as Grecian
as his philosophy is Platonic. His shoes were
neatly polished. His clothes wore clerical, and
without wrinkle. His linen was with
out spot, The buttons were pearl,
nis hair was long, white, thin,
and combed closely to his head, as in early ooloni
cal days. His manner was slightly stiff and awk.
ward, but that of the true gentleman.
The introductory effect ended, the lecturer
drew a handkerchief of Immaculate whiteness
from his pocket, one that he had taken from his
carpetbag at the latest moment possible before
leaving his hotel, blew his philosophic nose, and
rising quietly,said:
Oenti.emkn and Ladibb In seeing, this morn
ing, the ruins which the late calamity has
wrought on your young but hugo city, and which
have interested the whole civilized world l'hunt
found that, in a few weeks, the prodimms min
chief is already hidden by the
of recreation; and in a few weeks the tmvrtSS. r
suppose, will find it hard to understandthe rum
that has been wrought. Our New England SlnP
cties, in Massachusetts and Ns's York bn wTwSS
in the I JCto Miebiutlng t& tw o
waaiversary of tua landing
of the pilgrims with pride and gratitude in whal
B^ aU beginnings in that tTme*
But Chicago is not yet forty years old, and has
Population than Boston ia
tuohuudred and forty. [Applause.] And it is
easy to see, with the wonderful facilities of your
position, and the marvelous energies of vonr
people, that the blow, which would have par
alyzed another town, Is to yours not so much a
disaster as it is a stimulus, a
The wcll-heloved houses, the spacious block* of
trade, the huge railroad depots, the public o hulls
of the city, the Coble oliurches.’biiilt with cS
gcous devotion, will uO built with equal genoim
and thu time with a flow wisdom, wflch will
fddt 0 beauty and probably, lu less time*
than fhO'loss could he repaired by any other eitv
of mankind. (Loud applause.) And this rosuf
worid n VIU bB balled wltl J°y throughout^ Bthe 8 the
It has occurred to me that It would not he a
m?^ <1 it T e S 18u a,,I S. t> 1110 tbucs, and out of
P acc. lf I should offer to this audience some
thoughts on art, a subject which, in arcmarkaWe
SSfl n |i.^J nte^ a A nns P e 5™ at eiUesTf Eng
land, Franco, and America at present to a degree
that promises important results. uegreo
.-Tho speaker then missed naturally to the tonln
of the evening, introducing his discourse with
a -i, al f ccrcG of Flort ,ucc in the lath ceuTurv to
on its architects, to prepare, wltlx all
regard to the strength' Beauty" and
1,1au3 for the rebuilding
one of its churches. That cathedral, so ordered
and so built, still exists, tho wonder and deli"ht
Every acquisition made in tno scl
cnce of beauty Is sweet and beneflcluh The facts
Goethe, Euskin, Penrose and other
aro JpyfhlPbßSeaslona which no
■’l' lloll are to be ranked oloso
beside the disclosures of natural history; It
is lit that man should build good
houses. such an Irritable, susceptible
hi? nS/SS 1 9f caturG should not dwell li a hut
?,,i u ?l er tanl e?o and his cunning hand are
fitly employed lu the construction of Persian
terraces, Egyptian temples, and American State
Houses ana churches. A wise man will nri/e
baths, pictures, well-ventilated
digestible food, clean linen, a?d
3r^ on will spend msney rather than on fine
cloths, splendid equipages, and diamonds Jus
tice ran be administered on a hill; God can ho
worshipped in a barn. Yet it ia uorarthoS
JfiAtlco be administered in a stately hall
noble surroundings, and that 7 God
ho honored in temples whose proportions and
decorations harmonize with the worlm ot natura
tha n with tho sheds of tto d”mcatm
i* 8 good and honorable not only to
{l2° i’ but j° b an K Pictures on tho wall?
Mail is to bo dressed in arts, picture, fniiinpioa
wM'PnB 1 eB H a P beauties oi architecture as
SfivSL 111 boq ?.P rmentB Ferities, Plateau!
Shatopearo wilf not appoint us moetimra R
is absolutely necessary to the
perfection of beauty. The GreeksShlished
tomßnTw’ they said, to ohaso sadness
jxram jit°, and, by coveted pnzea assigned to
T?Rfn°(o I tl,i f aU y Higcutly essayed ilaraltaro°
Taste is the love of beauty; art is the dcaorin
tionof beauty. The first Is universal mman
th>- is rare. The first delights In color m
a 5 S O,B prophecy ot afi the perfection of
art tlmt follows. Witness tho oageraass witll
f S?~ n aw Plciui-a. statue, or anytbSg Jewin
the domain or beauty is sought after. Otherm?
tionshave keener perceptions of beauty than
wo. As a nation wo stand in little danger ofaS?
excess ot Imported art. We should be contrat
to he scholars in any arts In “S
others excel. Those who have not
art have taste, which will rin™
powe r TMte is the perraptioi of
heauly; it is passive art. Add to this tateUeotnni
irritability, double tho tastes of lifm and tlMa
perception passes at onco into power. The
slve becomes the positive-tastes becoies creatl™
This becomes a ooat. Then
bca cral boats are fastened together, and the m
euUia a bridge, which will, br and by ba of
tn lOTB 01 fl °Feis lathe house leads
5- T ls?ttO botflnlc gardens and the Central Park
It is impossible to speak of art without rushing
IB® G !T eltß TJtetr veracity, the realism <3
their dealing with nature, the temperance and
B ?®P® t ,i l( p r art, the ease with which they
obtained their results were to bo unceasingly aif
™ir, ed and praised. Their temperance, simplioitv
their adherence to the bony fabric is to he seen’
m every statue, ineyory form. K Is a
flowfiruig of geometry, as the cube is a power of
the square—the circle a power of the rigS “angled
Hlangle. Canovn was astonished by them, and
happy In finding them real, and fresh; nothing
academical about them.'The great masters of
Italy only copied the older masters of Greece
When Lord Elgin brought his famous marbles
those marvelous works of art, to England Sir
Bobert Peel wanted to know what all this ado.
meant about them, as the first true works of art
ever seen. He was shown two figures in the
same attitude, except that one ot them had tho
foot tnmsdpnt. This change ot position caused
the workings of iintbethiisOlfs tube
In all previous sculptures these workings “had
been conventional; A modem artist weufd have
made them exactly, alike, and yet tho single
otango altered the outline of every mnsclo.
,The Parthenon is the model of ail our modern
architecture. Of this splendid specimen of archl
teotnral skill the liaison Carre is a Roman copy.
Hie Church of Madeleine, at Paris, is built on the
plan of the Malson Carre. After the last-meu
>l Wd? noticed that
the root heran to rag. A u architect FUB called
IsAßmi? 88 f° nn d that everything was ait'omb.
w a3 diac evercd at any point. i ftv,'3s
®5jZ 8 deceptive appearance in the outlines re
snlting from the way in which
had been built. How had this dlfflcultv bead
managed in tbe Parthenon. A
London ililhlanU determined to examino
into ilia matter. Mr. Penrose was sent with proper
hmtruments to.takethemeasurementl llyPhe
of "'Bat was standing of thofrag
midra's?oiSßi eO tT? r6ll tll! >t. except thesub-b^e
alilu? upward? 111111 11 7 bybcad ß.g tburafre
cliiDisy when viewed on a level wifi,
ftevfect as seen from hSoWy fi J2&S? f U S
iloea in ancient tomplea Is
Greets, in all their worVof I Vtt
petual common sense. [The lecturer here save a
vivid description of .the raising in tbe time o?
(PopeSixtus V., formerly Cardinal Mantelto of
’an Egyptian obellak brought to Rome In the time
of Caligula.l
The works of the Greeks and Egyptians have
been studied in all ages. Mr. Hayes, ef Edin
burgh, employed the knowledge thus gained in
the erection of Abbottsford. All minute details
were observed by tbe ancients with the greatest
care. The pecnliar charm of the Etruscan vases
was long unknown, hut it was at last found
to consist in the fact that there was
a general correspondence in the
curves of every pattern of the vessel
Boratio Greenougn noticed this In the procession
of;horsemen in which each horse is fixed, all the
horses give one peculiar figure, supplying what
is wanting in iho next,until you have seen the
horse put through all his'action. The ancient
sculptors always preserved a certain self-poise in
tneir figures. Mars is never represented angry
Bacchus Is never represented drank. Even Laoc
cdbn, entwined by serpents, is made to seem
calm and graceful.
The housekeeper would say that if a person
were to be continually noting the light, the size
the color, there would he no end. But the archi
tect finds himself helped on, when once com
menced in all this myriad detail. Art loves
chance, and chance loves art. Chance Is a pro
lific inventor. Gourmands say that the
leme pear is perfect only ten minutes. Nature
is in perfection but one moment. In this mo
ment the artist must withdraw the object from
time, and transmit itto eternity.
The lecturer read a brief extract from Schell
lag, commenting briefly thereon. Art rests on a
foundation of the necessary and useful. Thu
plumage of the bird and the bright colors of in
sects have a reason in the condition of the
animal. The powers of every animal are pre
dicted in the skeleton, and beauty is inseparable
from tbe original uao and design. Everyone has
noted the beauty of the harp shell. But every
minor string of the harp was honestly gained,
necessity is another suggesting cause
of art. The first ship was a raft
of logs. Then the sides rose into
the scow. Then came the natural thought
of protecting it from the weather; then the sharp
ening of tho bows and the adding of the keel, and,
finally, the perfect vessel moved by steam. Tho
architect deals with strict conditions. The dur
able stone has a beauty not possessed, by that
which is soft and friable.
Swedenborg said that the organic form resem
bles the end inscribed on it. The wings indicue
the character of the bird. There should bo no
building which does not tell its use in
its design. Houses are built too
often in this country in the fashion
of pagan temples. People erect buildings for sell
ing goods iu theGothio form, like a church. Noth
ing m art will atone for tho lack of manual labor,
in nature there is always a rigid economy of ma
terial, but no economy of workmanship. There
is the most lavish amount of effect, but the
smallest saying of materials. The whole theory
of nature is the removing of matter in de
inessential to strength and adapta
n? 1 ineots with constant surprises,
like children who discovered that sand assumed
beautiful shapes in accord with harmonious
sounds, but fell into shapeless piles when dis
cords were played.
Aristotle said that ship-building was all the
ship but the wood. It is an intelligent imitation
of nature. It is true that the design is all. A
grand design is better than any skill
In execution. It is the controlling thought
of every good work. The nature and purpose
shines through tho work to tho msst minute de
tads. That was a true saying of Swedenborg’s:
The organic form resembles the end inscribed
on it." An excess of finishing always indicates the
decline of art. Greatness in art is not in size bat
in proportions. A gigantic figure may look mean,
while a diminutive figure may be great and god-
Mr. Emerson closed his lecture with a poem
from Sterling, entitled “Daedalus.”
THE Y. M. C. A,
The Association Fully Kcorgnnlzed-Acknowl
cdgment of money and Supplies—The New
Free Library-Noon Prayer. Mcetlng-Lec
tore Coarse*
The Young Men’s Christian Association has
been among the first to reorganize after the fire.
The indomitable energy of sucli*mcn as Farwell,
Moody, Whittle, Jacobs, and Cheney, at once im
pelled them to the front of the relief work: and
they have been actively engaged in special relief
ever since the fire, In the Seventh Presbyterian
Church, corner of Peoria and Jackson streets. On
Saturday, the 25th, they acknowledged the re
cSi¥hi? J4.707.67, and 671 boxes and barrels of
clothing to that date.
fee library and reading rooms. No.
9a west Randolph street, will bo opened to the
•public on Saturday next, at noon. The noon
prayer meeting will meet there on that day, and
will continue to assemble in these rooms, which
ore situated in the very focus of business. Mr. J.
w. Goodspeed, the publisher of Dr. Goodspeod’s
History of the Great Fire, has generously donat
ed, from the prpQtS of that book, a beautiful Bur
dett organ, worth over two hundred
dollars, for tho noon meeting. Messrs.
Scribners’ generous proposal to all Ameri
can publishers to donate complete
sets of their publications for tho Y. M. C. A. Free
Library has been accepted, and the agent of the
association is now in the East shipping tho
books. 9
lectrae course, begun by Anna Dickinson
andwtnprisingtbe names of Holland, Jobnß.
Gough. eta., I» an assured success,
i,™ reli ious rieiuthga Ot tlio association
liavo Deen resumed. Tho strangers’ meeting on
Monday evening lias been lull and deeply inter
esting. The Yokefellows’ meeting, on Saturday
evening, has been deeply interesting. Letters of
inquiry after missing iricnds arc daily
received by the Y, M, C. A. and put into tint
bands of the Yokefellows, who llnd tbe party, it
ho is in the city, and reportto his anxious friomls.
The sufferers’ meeting in the Seventh Presbyte
iiSS, GJmrub, ere P l Sabbath evening, has been
fuiiy attended, and greatly blessed to all preseat.
It_wiU be continued daring the winter.
Tho mission school work of the Y. M. C. A. will
be prosecuted with energy dining the winter.
Their Sabbath School tabernacle, at the barrack
iJS^Sfe ,01 L Harrl8011 will bo opened on
7 atte aoon tlie /work on Moody’s
tabernacle will go on without intennption. The
publication of the December number of Every
oodu h Paper Is going on, and on Saturday*iOO.oco
copies will appear, and will be sent to the sub
word, all the work ot the Young
M?“ a CMstiaa Association is again in full opa£
ppd blessing, will continue and
extend its useful influences.
REAL. ESTATE,
Instruments Filed for Record on Tuesday,*
November BS.
CITY PROPERTY.
Hoisted st, 90 ft s of Adorns st, tv f, 24x79 ft
dotedfNov, 25; consideration, sß,ooo.
West Adams st, 96 ft w of Honoro st, nf, 25x125
ft, doted Sept. 29; consideration, $3,125.
North Grove st, between Orchard and Larrabce
6ts, n f, 24x125 ft, dated Juno 3, 1870; considera
tion, SI,OOO.
Tojuple st, between Chicago av and First p
24x100 ft, dated Nov, ic; cousidoratlon, SBOO. f
st, north of Wabansla av 25x125 ft
dated Nov. 22; consideration. SSW. 2oXl ft
.xI2Z1 st between Stewart av and Todd st q f
Mraft to itor. dat'd Nor.
'dSiSV 001 Do ?PlainDß st,north
isov lß; consideration, $3,500.
11 w corner of Wabash av. s f
*oxloo ft, dated Nov. 10; consideration, $40,000.
Barn‘s'Tiof dough
25 ft e and adjoining w 41 9-10 ft ofint-oiti
i of fotS 17 to 21, Sec 16 33 14
d d v consideration. tsoo.
V°. :-3 11 m Block 40, Town of Hvde Park
Hated Sept. 28; consideration. S),mo. y
WEST OP OITV LIMITS.
eidcratioD, 5 514,000. CC 20 39 u dat d 25; eon-
MISCELLANEOUS.
England is excited on the subject of her favor
n.?2 Va i Ve, s ßterS 1116 Price charged for good
ones is five Hines as great per bushel in 1871 as it
T”'"™ 1- bcda been dredged to
death, and cannot restock themselves.
—TV hUe putting a prisoner into a hath at the
Oiartestown (Mass.), State Prison, a few days ago,
Und a leatller Mt around his waist,
flUod with sharp-pointed steel nails, which pene
trated ms flesb an eighth of an inch.’aud had
lacerated his aides and back. He oflered no ex
planaUon of thls.freak, hut it is supposed that ho
washing penance, ao he pretends to be very de
-It is proposed to have an Iron steamboat built
lor nse in Boston harbor, to aid in exHnguiahing
fires among the shipping, on the wharves, or in
streets near the water..
f the bindj,lst now worn by ladies are
f aidto b reproductions of the styles worn forthe
last hundred years by the women of the Swiss
cantons.
la rendered a neat thing foryonnggontic
men to have their overcoats made with a pocket
in one side lined with flannel or fur, in which a
lady may slip her hand when walking of a cold
winter's evening.
“One of the moat successful lawyers iu Sacra
mento is blind.
—A Terre Haute physician advocates the use
of soft instead of hard water as a beverage,
claiming that the lime with which the latter"is
impregnated, causes premature gray hair and
baldness.
—Small change is so scarce In Paris that the
■workmen and employers in the city and suburbs
how Use fractional currency, made by the heads
of the workshops, and redeemed when they
amount, all together, to such sums as can be re
paid by the paper money now issued.
—The peace footing of the German Confedera
tion’s army for the present year will be 101,000
men.
—The ex-imperial Box at the Grand Opera in
Paris is, vacant this season. Nccne will rent it.
The British Judical Journal soys thatcundu
rongo has been tried at two of the great London
hospitals, from part furnished by the govern
ment, and that oil hope of its being a cure for
cancer must be dismissed. It has no effect either
on the general system or upon the cancerous
formation. 1
—Last year 52,000, iu round numbers, of indict
able offences, known to the police, were com
mitted In England and Wales. There were 101
murders, $3 attempts to murder, and 219 acts of
manslaughter'.
—From, recent sfaJfiftfes It appoaW tin* t the Ger
man “hells” give the bddgefe about £4,ooCMX)O;
Homburg, Baden-Baden,; and Wiesbaden alone
figuring for £3,600,000.
—Mr. Gladstone stated the other day that £1 tOf
ocofieo -was annually expended, In the Uni fed
Kingdom on strong drink. Taking tho popula
tion at 33,000,000, each indivldnal. spends nearly
—As the man stage from Eodkland to Belfast
(Me.) ieaa passing through Eockport, recently, a
large hog that was in theroad rushed at the team,
caught the leader’a hind leg in his month and hit
it severely, tearing the flesh and tendons in such
a manner as to spoil the horse. The sfago pcoplo
jntend to make a claim upon the owner ol rite
hog for the value of the horse.
JEtpr
IlifSIS
WATCHES,
SILVER f
PM Will
jewelry!
We laavc a
sortnaent 3
WHOLES Aip
N. MATSON
481 Wabasha
€LOTa ™o.
w i si®
Min
G. T. fielding 4
IS'OW
EDWARD,
BLUETT I
Unvc a full mid coDiplrff
FINE CLOTHi
Piece Good
AND
GlTS’Fills i
45 47 West Madison
AXU
376 STATE STEi
CLOTHIi
203 West
A full line just opened. of Wi ii‘j v .-tv
area's. IMiICJES AltE THE LOWEST!]
WALKER’S. 205 West Hail
RESTAURANT:
Mspii
ON TBE ABOVE Dll
mill
WILL RE PROVIDED Al
THE OLD ORiCII
26 cm
CALITOUm
in cun i
53 South Canah
STOVES.
FEAKLES
Cooking Stove, for Coal or Wbo4'
without low Reservoir.
bbiixia:
Base-Burner, for small rooms, lari
or Seating two floors.
CHEAP COOK AND PARLORS]
in great variety, which we ofsj
trade at low pneef.
J.F.RAXRBOJiEi
30 33 SOUTH Ci®
STOVES, BfJ®
STOVES, BAiJ®
STOVES, I HAW
AND
Housekeeping«'
daitoW’s
Corner <F l l> r TvMft'jS
vwvwwwvwvw'»»
FOB SAW
New Red Bw
A. cvnsdo'-
379
PRESS TOES
Onahaltmcdinm Gordon
lumber
IMPORTANT TO
to furnish heary Joist and nw° i
sizes, at current prices, on s&on u
hand a full' assortment ol
siding, Ac.
Corncrot GroTcandT^fsl^- J
BESS fßgl
at the factory, corner Van
Tnn>EßW£&s>'
B.C.ROGEB s f
834 WEST a!Al )l30Jr 3
iIEALEi:' lS
Men’s Fiiniishing
HUSBFIITIBEBS of
We have Just received a iu
SHIRTS, Stortings rm!erwei r ~*l
and a splendid assortment el
price*. 15 ”’1
531 Wot I
Of
EitrtllioU
fto tie polic;
Lr-Vjjiic?*
W. CO Bf
ftennw
ffifrrt
Etleletnin
to Ret®
u*D<ciioi
talralU
notes
Ifcsmc
a s stwn
if r of
{U coal'*
l r ,CO
i&ets
Profits
Jese decia;
Wotfenf in
Jed dak
Pc marker
(Sthesc to
r. This nu
i him M pci
r irill pn
r the 25
resent ara
Ibaynp
?dneea a
their Ic
jot in I
ircapiu
s total
the nn
!3andc
fairs of
rich, Ct
■of tni
.whop
they b
pany u
mt tha
aKecci
Plot pay
induce at
;»nn, M
ttng quant
atba...
k,iu..;r
SgS B
fWa
l a 5....;
»,nw..."
“•Bn..
Hogs,*
fa*?-
b f
i,BL
ySr—
?£Wa"V
te in
Mure
nfefof
Bp’o* WOI
Ki th Sl
t tii
f JS lo, rt
t m L tac
1

SfS
lOw
s lti
*Vbn.,