PLACER HERALD
AUBURN. NOVEMBER 11, 1871.
Official Pujtrro/’Plurcr County
IHE MUi.UJN JKOllil.E.
B.iy wli.it we will of the Mormon religion
Mini its morality, we, as a people, must ac
knowledge tint the Mormon settlement at
Malt Lake finds not its equal for sobriety,
enterprise, frugality, domestic peace nncl con
tentment in the history of Agiericv ghice
civilization has had a representative on our
•bores, not even excepting the .Shaker settle
ment*. Hie Mormons have n queer, mui
history. Persecuted from State to St.ile,
their members wounded and killed and then
leader assassinated, the straggling hand,
finding no peace or resting place in our
vaunted civilized aid Christianized commu
nities, look up its line of inarch fur the com
paratively unexplored wilds between the
Rocky and Sierra Nevada mountains, thi
abode only of savages and wild beasts.
Landed at Salt Lake, they, hy long years f
toil anti privation, built np a prosperous,
thrifty and h ippy colony, and made the des
ert bloom and blossom as the rose, until now
their possessions are worth many millions o)
dollars and their numbers entitle them to e
representation in our Government councils,
but now comes persecution and prosecutioi
/.om the same old sources, avarice, bigotry
and ambition, and again these Mormons an
in trouble, and again il is hinted that liny
will leave their possessions, their hi.m s, tin
graves of their kindred and all that they hold
dear, and for their religion and peace, seek
homes in some other place, and perhaps,
'under wune other government, 'Mo ir cii m
i* in their religion, the religion of David am
Solan ion. They believe in a plurality ot
wiie* as did those patriarchs of old. Thir
di the proclaimed cause of the prosecutions
•but is this proclamation not a lie? Istir.im
nnd l.ie officials so religions and so moral that
their consciences have driven them to this*.
It was no', so when Grant lived with dgg
squaws while his father-in-law kept and pro
vided for Ids wife. Shall we not li id a solu
tion for this midden persecution of the Mo.-
mons in the valuable property they own, in
ambition for cilice if Mormon voters ein hi
get out of the w ay, and ,a Federal officers
ring that have discovered that for religion 3
sake those Mormons will leave all to theii
greedy persecutors Is God or the devil at
the bottom of this? Let this he as it may,
a very large mijority of tlie newspajiers nnd
people of the {’idled States are opposed to
this end Jen and violent prosecution, whirl
la'ves ttic ill ii.icier of perspcu ton, of lla
Mormon people. The conviction has sctllu!
upon the minds of capitalists that these ]or
have their origin in speculation and
{sunder, and already moneyed men in S.u
Francisco are associating to bid ugai.ist
Grant s ring for Mormon property.
i
New Vmi k OusEUM ii.— ’l he year 187“.
will ho n jubilee year to the New 1 ork (>i
arret'r, which was established in the heg’n
nmg <if I SIR J. ’lbis paper is one of the mot
influential in the countrv and has acquired
Us influence by a rigid adherence to, and i.
fearless advocacy of, pound principles i.
t'hurt’ll and State. It has both a Rcligiot s
and a Secular Department, kept distinct;
and although not political or partisan in i’t
character, it freely expresses and ably defend
its views on matters of public policy. It he
been far almost half a century a light in ll.i
Church and a pillar ki the State. It will
celebrate its Jubilee by presenting to each one
of its subscribers a New-Vf.au Rook—. u
encyclopedia of the moa 1 valuable informa
tion in regard to all those matters in llk
Church mui in civil life which every one ih
sires to have constantly at ban 1. Ihe book
alone wiJJ be worth i years subscription U.
tlie paper. Send for a specimen copy of the
paper. New subscribers w ill receive ll e
paper free until January Ist.

F.mptv CTuAit Boxes. —'1 he Chicago Re
publican gives currency to a statement that
empty cigar boxes must he destroyed, ac
cording to a recent judicial decision. That
journal says that a decision Ins been render
ed touching the tax upon cigars, making't i
penally uf fifty dollars not to destroy the box
after the cigars have been taken therefrom.
This applies not only to the regular dealer,
but to the consumer, and the. individual win
has half a dozen “kicking around” hit
house, or iu jmssession of h s children, had
better put his feet in I licit), or institute t
ravings bank in order to inett the penalty,
since the 1 iw does not oxen e ignorance.
The Writr.—We have the lirst number
of a new publication under the above title.
Il is a siiteen page monthly, devoted chiefly
to the prospects and promises of the I’.ic fiv
coast, its history, past, present and pros
poclivc. As i s publisher tolls us in tin
salutatory:
To this cui its oalumns will contain informa
tion relating to climate, soil, products, commote*',
twenty, education, science, literature, art, church
nvJ Jitate.
It is published hy John 11. Curmnny i
C o., Sun Francisco, at the low price of one
■dollar per year. The first number gives
promise that it will bo a valuable and inter
esting monthly.

The orange crop in Isis Angeles has coni
»u u 'ed ripening, and promises to be more
jima lant than in any previous year.
\t ii a i a mi.
To fill out a column, and possibly secure
information desired by some people, we asked
in our last issue that our neighlior give tlie
public Ids ideas of wli it would he a proper
larifl'of fares anil freight on the C. I'. R. 1!.
As this is a matter deeply affecting the in
terests of all our people, and the develop
ment and future prosperity of the whole
county, we naturally supposed our neighbor
had some information, opin'nn or ideas on
the subject tint would he of value to tin
public; hut it seems that we were mistaken,
is our amiable cotemjior.iry teUs us and tin
public that we (the Strikin' editor) honestly
uni truthfully declare that we have no suffi
cient data for well grounded opinions on tie
subject of his (our) inquiry.” This is a mel
ancholy stale of affairs—a pretty kettle o!
fish for an editor to get into, and es|>ecially
on a question lint interests every man in
.he community where he resides, and one
l.iily talked of and discussed. We must U
e pially candid with onr neighbor, and there
fore we say had vve hav e known, or cvei
■inspected, that he had no data or wel
grounded ide is on tin subject of faro nnd
freight charges, vve should have spared bin
ihc above confession. Hut since our neigh
bor Ins made the confession and given il ti
.lie public, there is no harm nr nnkindness
■n suggesting tint this question of fares ami
freights is an important one, and iiddresse
i ,-elf to c liters with more force than the gen
c al public, or nt least the public expect, am.
li ive a right to expect, tint the press wil
gather the facts mid present them to tin
p ‘ople, nnd urge proper action, both hy tin
p ople and their representatives. Our neigh
h ii* is apt, expert, industrious, and has tvvici
the time, vve h ive to devote to ibis question,
aid vve hold that il is not unreasonable I'
isk that he will give at least a portion of hit
lime mid talent to a matter that involve!
great benefit or injury to the community Iron
which the press draws its support. At i
tim when the Central Pacific was only coni
pleted to Cisco, 1)1 miles, and had no con
ns lions except hy wagons und stages, tin
freight und passenger trade being almost
entirely local and furnished hy Placer inn
N. v ida counties, its receipts, ns shown hy
s vorn statements of its otiicers, were enor
in ms, more than four-fifths of w liieh were lie
profits. 'To he more precise. The compa
ny's sworn statement for the quarter cnilin;
September DOth, 18(17, in ikes the follow ing
showing of receipts and expenses:
Gross Earnings nnr.,so'.) a.
((periling Expenses 101,<120 H‘,
Set Earnings 434,888 1
'1 lie statement adds
Tills result wan upon the actual, teglllmali
local business almie, vv Hi le .b in tlie ordinal-,
proportion of (I nil mu nt tr ui-portalion. an
iiulcr Iho (lisa 1 vantage that passengers an
might had to be forwarded by wagon-', from Ih
eiupornry terminus, at the summit of themoun
ains; and is also independ nt of the transports
tion of men, and materials for the extension o
dc road.
Tins ratio of profit eighty-two p. re n
•f tin gross earnings) is without parallel, v.,
uiiong tin 1 iiM st mil ls in existent'.': un i is i
not nearly three times the ratio ol the best leiul
no linen of the country.
The rates of faro ninl freight then charge!
were hut little, if tiny, higher than now
Since tli.it time the connections of the to n
it both ends h ive been completed, tnnl ilt
'moral business more than live time." don
h’ed, no doubt, end its local trade vastly
in ■feaseil and its expenses proportionately
d'creased. Here the company tell ns tlm
the ratio of profit is nearly three times that
of the best leading roods in the country. 1
not this a pood reason that they should no
be allowed to charge more than three time
what the best roods in the country chirp
for faros and freights? And is this not dal.
upon w hich our neighbor could form a nel
'rounded opinion on the subject,’’ and use i
or the benefit of the community who an
In ing lints hied Does onr neighbor h ive
toy doubt, if fires were reduced to thru
cents per mile an 1 freights to lice cents pe
mile per ton, hut tint the Central I’.tcili.
would he the best paying road in the world’.
Indeed, the receipts of this road arc no enor
mous that the company, wo believe, h.tvi
become ashamed of them and refuse thei;
publication. AVhy, the receipts of this ton
ire counted by the million, and with then
ts owners have about bought up every rail
road and steimbe.il in the State. The pco
pie support the llkrvld an 1 the Shir.-i au<
Sh'ipi'i*, mid the Herald will fight for tin
Htcrests of the pnldle against all monojiolics.
I'i.r.cnos News. i’arti.d returns fron
tlie elections held n several States have beei
received. New York Ins gone Republic.!!
by from 10,000 to 20,000, and betl
b'audios of the Legislature are Republican.
1. 1 the city the reform Democrats defeated
the Tammany ring generally. Now Jersey
It is gone 1 temocralic, th it pirty electing tin
Coventor by over 5,000 majority. Wiscon
sin went Republican by 10,(00 majority,
md Minnesota went the same way hut by a
small m j.uiry. In Illinois only one Con
gressman at large was elected, and the Re
publicans claim him, but the Democrats re
fuse to concede his election on the few return
received. The Republicans carry Massa
chusetts by a majority over all of 15,000.
Maryland went Democratic by from 10,001
to 20,( 00 end more than three-fourths of the
Legislature. Virginia went Democratic and
ilie same party lias two-thirds ot the Legis
lature, Misdsdppi has also giien tic car
pet-b.iggers and stadia wags leave of absent e
and official positions *ne to he filled by cid
zens of the State, in (mure.
1 tILtOKAPII IC Sl.tl.M AUi.
The emuicip ition bill v lrcb has Income a
law in Brazil free? all Government si ives ai
once —‘.lie number being 1,700 —makes al.
children born hereafter free, and creates an
emancipation fund for the gradual liberation
of slaves. .Gov. Palmer, on the 30th of
October, wrote to Attorney-General Busb
nell, now in Chicago, instructing him to taki
proper steps to have Lieut. Gen. Sheridan,
Col. Frank. T. Sherman, Major Colston and
others connected with the organization of the
Home Guards, a member of winch shot Col.
I'. W. Gronvenor a few days after the great
lire, presented to the Grand Jury for indict
ment for their connection with that tragedy.
It is said Mayor Mason will also be indicted.
It is also reported that Attorney General
liushnell and prosecuting attorney Keed
were in consultation in reference to the mat
ter.... The German navigators did not, hs
previously stated, reach I lie North Pole, 01
my open Polar sea, but near Spitzhergei
they found a favorable state of the ice, anc
believed they could have gone into the sup
posed open polar sea. However, they stop
I aid and turned back C6O miles this side o'
he North 1’01e.... Forbes, Grant’s Pcnsioi
Agent in Phil idelyhia, his jmeketed or spent
200,000, w hich must be replaced by mori
taxes on the people. .George B. illiams.
iate one of Grant's officials, has gone to Ja
pan to show the authorities there how they
cun more effectually oppress the (ample by
taxation. It is consoling to know that om
if the most despotic governments on earl 1
can he taught how to more efleitaally op
press its people hv Grant's adniiiiistr.ilion.
Boston wants the next National IJeptihlicai
'onventioii held there... Proof is said to h<
ound that State Senator Bowen, Uepuhli
•mi, of New York, received SIO,OOO fin
voting for the t ix levy bill; SIO,OOO for vot
ng for all tbe “ring bills; $.7,000 lor votin'
or tbe Kriu bill, and $5,000 for the city
barter bill. 1 t.miel Stanton, the newly
■lected Auditor-General of Pciiiisylvani.i,
lied suddenly lasi Sunday A terrible ex
plosion of u locomotive occurred at Ports
noiilh, Ohio, on Saturday lasi, killing twi
nen and wounding others. .Two hundred
colored people sailed f rom Virgin! i during
he week tor Siberia, Africa Fred Hong
ass, colored, is a liepnbliean candidate f'oi
he New Vork legislature from the I Inches
er district. '1 lie small-pox is on the in
rease in I’liiladelpliiu, 518 having d.ed ol
li it disease last we.-k.
Lormvir.i.R, Ky., Nov. G.
At nine and a half o il iek last night lln
giving way of a rohiiim in the loner room o
he Afrivan Biptist ilinrili, corner Fifth anti
fork street.- 1 ere.tied a p.inic among the con
;regilioti in the tipjK-r room, ami the vvhoh
tody pushed, j limned and rushed dow n tin
no narrow stairways on each side of tin
lour—the men trampling over tlie wotuet
n l ehildreti in fright. Fdeven were killed
lUtrighl- two of them children—and a ninn
>er moro or less noulnied. One hid a le f
iroken. 1 lie killed are all women. Ila
eene was terrible and heart-rending; mothers
ereatning over their d *ad children, and Inis
lands in agony over their w ives, 'J he col
nun or pillar vv liiclt give way proved to have
ven set on the lower (loor between the joists,
vitlt noihing under it but inch flouring,
Atlanta, Nov. G.
Hath branches of the Legislature passed
he follow ing resolution:
/I’eso/cci/—’l hat Unfits 11. Bullock, lilt
inventor, who has resigned Ins office, left the
dale under circumstances creat ng a gran
uispicion lli.it he is gnlllv of high crimes am.
nisdeme.niors, in clinging in a letter bearing
he date of tetober 2Jd, IM7I, addressed li
its political friends, the people of (ieorgia,
hat a majority of the House of llepresenta
ives hail pledged themselves to vote articles
d’ impeai him lit against him without jits'
■ause; that liestid they had determined it
nise.it a suflicienl number of Representative!
.ml Senators to secure his conviction, with
mt regard to the truth and validity of tin
h irges; that he defamed this General Assent
■ly by charges which are untrue; that lie
itaiciiient in the same letter, to ilia cfii-c
--hat the jieoplc of Georgia have recenly de
1011 need or ignored the Constitution of tin
i oiled Stales, is false and dcf.nmtory of tin
people of Ibis State. On the oontrivy, wa
issert lli'il tlie people of tins Stale d now,
1 s they did six monlbs ago, whin, 11c -ordlii;
o a letter of said Unfits B. Bullock, they
a cre peaceably disposed, auptii see in tin
esitll of the war, and neither entertain ain
lostiiily low nil the I nited Stales, nor denv
o any person within the limits of lltc Slati
•qnai protection of its laws.
Boston, Nov. G.
1 lie news of the disaster to the whaling
loot has advanced whale oil from sixty cent
0 one dol'ar per gallon. '1 lie insurance office
ltd little if any risks. ’ihcNcw Bedford
(dices lose one million.
A negro worn 111 of high respectability has
ieen arrested in Jam del charged with can
Hidism. The accusation alleges that sin
billed and has eaten twenty-six children
v liotn she had inveigled into her premises
or tint purpose. ...On Tuesday last at
Jonneil Binds, lowa, ns laborers wore out
Jug a now road through (lie hill and hollow
mown as 11 ink hollow, they excavated 1.
sack containing 512,U00 in gold and silver
I’lm money was hidden there eighteen years
ign by a man named Muir, who murdered n
comrade, a Californian, in that city. Mult
was captured anil hung by a mob of Califor
liana. He said he hid hid the money nmlet
1 slump in this hollow, hut refused to tel
where*. Many have hunted for this secret
roasure, but all in vain. '1 he laborers
shared the booty equally... .Gen. Scofield
s to he placed in charge of the Indian Btt
ean, and to have full control of the Indiat
|iieslioii in Arizona. .The Georgia Legis
lature denies the existence of Kukluxism it
hat Stale, and invites the Federal satrap
;o the fullest investigation.
November Tilt, at Grass Valley, William
Waters and Henry W bite, two colored citi
zens, had a row, in which Henry White was
severely cut by Waters. Cause, a woman.
The first bale of California hops of this
year's crop sold in New York at seventy-five
cents a j>ound.
81 JIM Alt V OF POASi DISPATCHES
San Jose is to have a street railroad...
A Mr*. Oliver was dangerously burned in
San Francisco by her false hair catching file
from a candle.
San Fbascwo, November stb.
Arrived —Steamship Moses lay lor, from
Honolulu, connecting with the Nebraska, foi
Svdnev She brings news of tlie disaster ti
ttle Arctic whaling fleet, forwarded in a spe
cial dispatch. The captain report* Loaning,
Octolw r 10th, the water logged brig Shele
kofT, from San Francisco to Callao, with a
cargo of lurnlier. All tbe crew and paysen
-ers li id perished. The on plain was found
mi deck, just alive. Thelast passenger had
died the day previous.
Tin whiling fleet in the Arctic ocean was
caught in (he ice between the Ist and lOil
of September. Thirty three vessels wen
crushed or abandoned. 1 welve hundred
men look refuge on vessels outside and sailed
for Honolulu. No lives were lost. Hu
disaster fills heavily upon New Bedford.
I’here were only three vessels from San
Francisco in the business this year, and two
of them were crushed and the other aban
doned. The news created great excitement
here when the Moses lay lor errived tin
morning. Several captains from the w reeled
or abandoned vessels arrived by the Moses
Taylor.
Verv rich silver mines are reported dis
covered near Prescott, Arizona 1 In* I a
cific wood preserving works, San 1- r incisco.
a- ere destroyed Tuesday, loss, $11),(TO.
They will he rebuilt San Francisco in
lira nee comp in'es lose about sio,ooo by the
lisaster to the w baling fleet.... 1 he Stocktoi
Common Council his ivfascd to issue $11),-
)0() in bonds to the Stockton and A lab.
railroad coinpany. W ild gee e are k
plenty in San Bernardino county that a com
p.iny has la-en form’d for drying and smok
ng them for the Ch nese market A
a hole block ofhuildins, including the Slnu
Ihiiiurral print ng olfice, was burned oi
Tuesday last; loss about $50,000, mostly
covered by insurance JohnSimes bank
issets will, it is said, piy fifty cents on tin
101 lir The Ihilch Flat, Placer county.
Hint-Gravel Mining Comp my was inempo
rated Tuesday; capital, $1,000,000. lln
Virginia and I nu-kce railroad baa I ecu bu
sh-d from llcno to Steamboat Springs, am.
lie event was celebrated at lu-no on 'i lies
lay last by inncli drinking, speaking and
lancing, in which our Nevada sisters fignrei.
promiiicnilv. Portland, Oregon, want:
mhsidv from Congress to build a i.iilroai
rein there to Sdt lake. Prentice Mullord
s going to Knrope to lecture for three year
m California. Capitalists furnish him money
nid expect its return by increased cmigra
tion.
Bkeseuvino Ghacks. -I his being just tin
season of the year for pn-piring gr ipes fin
Winter and Spring use, we think the fo-low
ng from the San Joaquin Ih'jmhlirnn about
is valuable reading us wc can give in tbi
mine space:
It is said grapes may be kept perfecllv
Crosli and »ivdi'l fur vt-.irs, by gathering till in
when free from moisture, placing them in n
tight boxing, pick in alternate livers 0
grip's and fresh leaves and burying ilient in
dry soil, where neither air nor (iamj ness eat
reach the box. Wo hive never seen 111
pi at tested, hut have no doubt of its perl’ec
success. We mice knew a gentleman win
suppled bis t dde with fresh grapes from om
season to another bv a :-1 ill simpler and Its
xpaisive method. Ills plan was to gallic!
a hell quite ripe the 1 irgesl and finest bum lies
of grapes and pack them in sawdust, using
in place of boxes common nail kegs, whiil
lc purchased fora trille at iurdw-nv stores.
M’ler carefully puking the desired tiumhe:
if kegs, he buried the lot ill a trench dag it
high dry ground beneath a shed w here vvatei
could neither fall nor soak in. Before using
die sawdust he carefully dried it either in the
snn or in an oven until it was cut ire) v fret
from moisture. We never witnessed lb
packing process, hut we know he alwavo
Im 1 the grips, and this is the wav he tide
is lie preserved them. After being bnricc
.or months the grapes were as sweet ami
inely flavored as if just gathered from Ila
vines. Lit her process is cheap and may hi
vtsily tested. It they will preserve the grape
1 new and profitable business might he bail
ap. Bunches of fresh ripe grapes in tlit
■'pring would he a novelty, and being that
iv’ouhl comm ami a high price. Wc hop.
some of our grape growers will test one o:
mill experiments.”
1‘ heights ami t'AULs. Ihe greater num
be.'ol the Democratic nominees for the Leg!.—
aturc v oted for at our late Slate elect m
were pledged to use all means in their pmvei
n secure the passage of an act regulatin'
.reights and fares on railroads. Fnfurtu
lately the greater portion of those nominee
were not elected and it now remains to bt
wen whether I heir more successful ccnipcii
tors will carry out the measures, ami to.
0 1 tain extent limit the extortionate rites now
1 lowed an Ivh irge Iby the corpor.itinn own
ng neirly all the r lilro ids in California.
lo net for a moment expect that sueii a hi 1
>vid receive the siuaiun.f tlieAssoinl.lv.
1 hat body is I irgcly Republican, and a grea.
in my, perhaps a majority, of its niember.-
-ire men selected by the railroad ovvmt.-
,1 e Ige Ito Iliuir interests ami elected thrnu-1
heir inliuei ee; hut the hill should ]i as tie
senate, and we hope some member i f th 1
mdy will present it, and lints force even
nemlier ot the Legislattire, irrespeitive 0
pliliis, to place himself on record on tie
ssue. The matter of freights and fans a
tot now regarded of much importance, bn
is our imputation and carrying trade increase
t will attract much more attention. It is tl
lutvof the Legislature to fix a fair rate o
land tor freights and fires over railroads,
'l'd d the session of this winter neglects ti
losoit will show itself derelilt in its do v
o the people, and go far to prove itself th
dupe and tool of the railroad mono!iolv
Nn/i Joaquin Riqvihlitna.
,w“- Ar,,B Au lta
cleelion as was generally supposed a,-,- a, ',f
(he Siicrumeaito J{in>rtir which ft. h
the -lit countv judges electci* jl K ti"! T 1, 1t (l
id. the Republicans )h «d Tt
Demoer,lts also still hlve a large 1
lUstnot judges in the State as 11?. o! tu,
.n the Senam. our sIIT’
>£WS (LliTlMiS.
trial!y to take action fur the procurement
net* tied legislation.
Cl. w Kent of Nevada county Im* eon
traeted will. a '"a" ft™" 1)08 loW
I Degrees to fumh-l. him wi! onelhou^
hogs a month, the U U .|‘J: R
delivered at Colfax, for six ami a halt ant.
JH-r JKJlUill.
The Sacramento river above is lower at
.his time than at any former period kno
to white men. The Dorer. on her la tnp
was three da vs coming from lehan.a to Ken
Hluff, a distance of twenty-three miles.
liv private letter it is learned that tin
principal business J*>rtion of the Milage
Cachev ille, Vein county, was destroyed hv
tire on '1 Imrsday night, Novemlier 3d. 1 1J*
lire originated from the exph.su n of a ke o
sene lamp. Insurance, it any, not stated.
The total number of deaths which occur
red .ring the week ending November 41
,i San Francisco, was 78. ()f these o 2 wer.
uale decedents and 2(J female; 01) white,
.lack and 7 Chinamen; 31) were of natm
md 30 of foreign birth.
In Stockton, November nth, the jury ii
the case of the people vs. Mrs. Saviors, at:n
h -lug out two hours, returned a vcrcbet o
n.o e-nillv. She was immediately release*
r, in custody and is now at the Voseuiiu
House.
A practicable bridle path has been mad.
from olacier Point down into the \osemin
valley. It pursues a zigzag course, is tiire.
.ml a half m les long, is perfectly safe, am
s said to afford some very fine v iews. It i.
made by private enterprise.
The Solano Drmfxrat of last w eek com
tains ld7 sheriff sales. Ihe haig list is prot
tilde to the Sheriff and Iho 1 democrat, hu
tV a had way for the property holders o
-ml,mo cuimtv to advertise (he r property.
(hvrii Meredith’s poem Lucile is sail
o have been dramatized by Mrs. h air dur.n;
her iinprisonnieiit. ’Ha* vvork is spoken o.
very highly hy parties who have read it.
A (iilrov cow, while on her way to execu
tion the other day, attacked tv horse and
gored the animal to death.
During the month of October there wen
tvventv-six actual fires in San Francisco, o
liii-li ,ix were attempts at incendiarism
!he los.' of the month is set down at SSO,
URi 04.
’1 he hect sugar of the crop of 1871 is ii
;-a at ifu! 1 1 v stiffs and lias a delicate flav or
■oggestive of reck candy. 'J he Alvorad.
i.lll is now working np fifty tons of beet.
daily.
’1 he Hank i f Stocktf n has declared a divi
dend i fine per cent for the month of Oeto
,er, payable vm and afier the 14 h of No
emb t.
Salmon are coming uji tbe rivers of Men
lov no In large lumbers, affording fun for tin
Uhertm n.
\rir I ilrrrt isrmnils.
?gg%W.S. SHIELDS, D.D.S
Ollit oal J. M Jacubi* Pl»!»t«grnj»h
OPPOJITK OiI!.KAN’S IioTKL, Al BUKN. JIIJ
NOTICE OF MEETING.
N'ul'K K IS HEUKIiY GIVEN TO Till
t.iockhoUers of the Goi.n llrs and Coi.fa;
tV.INIMKh CnMI'ANV tlillt til AmUllll Min ting (1
...I Company will l.i. held in the offiee of tin
S it. till y nt Col lax. Township No. J. omity o
i’lae. r, State of C alifornia, on the si.v, nth n*i
■f Diiumtii, A. 1). 1871, for the election o
Officers anil transaction of other bnsinesß.
N. 11. I>. TKAPHAGAX,
been tary.
Colfax. Novi nilxT Till, 1871. fuoli.3v
DISSOLUTION NOTICE.
lIERETOFORI
r PHE COPARTNERSHIP
1. existin'.’ betwei n tlie nmler«i«neil in th
f .issen r Restaurant. at Colfax, is hereby d.
solved by mutual consent.
E. S. FOGG.
CURLEY .A MAHON,
October 22d, 1871. I„,l l-4v
PROBATE NOTICE.
State or Calif iknu, I _
County of I’lac r, In 1 robale Cour
In tin- matter of the Estate of Daniel Willahl,
deceased.
Notice for pnbiieation of time appointed f 0:
pro vinyj Will, ,tc.
piTISCANT TO AN ORDER OF SAII
I tomf, nude on the Mh day of N’.vemt ei
c. G. 1871, not.ci is hereby given that Mondai
•OK 271 b DAT OF Novi MID it. A. D. 1871, at 1
iloek, A, m., of said day, and the Court rum.
*-“‘l t ourt, nt the Court House, in Auburn
1 ULty t I’litcer, have hern npponted as tl c
mie amt p ae. tor proving the W.R of said Dan i i
‘•‘M, deceased, and for hearing the nrplu-i
o.n of John W illakd forth-issnSn. e to lu:n o
Listers 1 -stain, ntary, win. and where any pei
am mterost"! may appear and contest the'sane
.>ovtmb. r Mb, mi.
1 J OEf*. C. SEWELL. ClerV,
Notico to Creditors.
Estate, of JONATHAN KEHP.IL, deceased,
\Onci, in, HEUF.RY GIVEN BY THI
ft '"'r 1- A, l **i**i«tTtttor of the Estut.
.'p 1,1,1 I r i »otbe creditors m
U l “11 ,p 1 IVII ‘K ‘l-iiuia against the sai
0 K es, d, to exhibit the sane with (he necessai
onehi rs. within tm months from the first pull
I;::: ter ,0 af hi
,f r 'J' k 7 >a»kee Jims, Count
-1 1 W£r State of California.
WM. BORLAND,
Auburn, Nov. nth. 1871. A llmmHtr -‘<or
Nottco to Creditors.
Probate Court of Placer County, Cal.
the matter of the Estate of J. M. Hauboi-e
deceased.
VOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN BY Till
d J M sVdminiHfrtaor of the Fatal.
■essary vouchers, within t. T m
irst publication of tld Ul(m,lls “Her tin
utiuis ru, t his r ,tlVe -A'"
County, Calilomla. lMe 1U Auburt W«*i
THOS. JAMISON,
Auburn, Nov. llth, ISvn'' 0 Administer.
—NEW DRUG STORE,
Main Stf.het, oppositk llubbakd i Andrews
auburn, cal.
11. C. MEGERLE,
CHFVSIST AND APOTHECARY,
TTTILL OPEN IS A FEW DAYS WITH A
new, fresh and well selected stock of
Drugs, Perfumery, Chemicals,
Patent Medicines, etc,, etc.
for sai. k at prices to suit.
Physicians* Prescriptions will Ueccivc my
Especial arc and Attention.
PURE LIQUORS for Medical use;
Prussets Leeches, and all articles found in a
v conducted establishment of this kind, con
.tantly on hand. c MEGERLY.
101-tr
EM. Hall, 11. A. Ciuei.es, H. Macui.
hall, CHARLES MACKIE,
No. JOS Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO,
BANKERS and BROKERS
AND DEALERS IN
Government Securities and Exchange,
st „,u, uoiifclit a H«l Sold on CommlMlou Only
0c27-3m
“THE’' STORE.
D. AV. LUBECK
ll. is resumed business in AUBURN, in
the MASONIC BUILDING,
:OT. CO’jnf AND COMMERCIAL STREETS
Clolhiiif, Hoots and Shoes,
Dry Goods, Wall Paper, etc.,
SOLD AT CITY PRICES.
oe2l-tf
ACENTS WANTED
run
4 A V» (ir.iiiH's Pilgrimage to the
Holy Land.”
i SPLENDID, ILLUSTRATED KOOK.
tinted paper, fine gilt binilmg. It is the
oust r.ij'iil si lling l.<uik of the fifty. Agents are
n ding with the most eimiph tc sueeess, taking
'mm Bto 25 orilcrs u Any. Every one who has
•sot "Muk Twain's limocmts Abroad” will
vant this intensely interesting work. Also.
Agents wanted lor
“The IVlur nnd Tropical World.”
8.10 pages, “00 illnstralions. large cctnvo;
parkling with vivid pen paintings of life nnd
idv« ntme in Arctic Seas anil Tropical Lands.
'lrrgynivn. School Timbers and others who
i-li pi mi.incut and profitable occupation, send
minediutiiy for terms and circulars to
A, L, BANCROFT CO.,
iel4-7w San Francisco, Cal.
PHOTOGRAPHS.
VI.T. I’F.V.SONS IN WANT OF GOOD
Pictures i an get them by giving me a e.ili
it the Old Aununs’ Dbuu Stoi.u, where I will
lloiiiiiin for a Short Time.
Will g i, vn i anv kind of a Picture you want
it a REASONABLE PRICE.
DON’T PUT IT OFF,
Hut call am] have your work done while you
mve a chance.
•c>2-tf J. M. JACOBS.
GIANT POWDER.
THE GIANT POWDER COMPANY ARE
1 now mannfaetiirng two grades of their
Powder: the regular Giant Powder and a
No. 2 Giant Powder.
The Intter at half the Price of the former, can
mt lie excelled in blasting medium hard rock,
oil m lies, limestone, clay nnd cement bank?.
tc. Addn ss orders to
BANDMANN, NIELSEN CO.
210 Front Street,
ie-7-3m Sun Francisco.
Mineral Land Surveys.
T V -IE UNDERSIGNED HAVING BEEN duly
1 sppo nlisl by United States Surveyor Gtn
ml, .1. R. ll.inUnbnrg, deputy U. 8. Surveyor
or I’aicir eouuty, has established his
Office in Auburn,
yliere he can at all times be found ready to obey
u call of th pu'.ilie, an 1 those desiring to ol>
i n PATENTS FOR MINERAL LANDS. All
irveys and platting done by the* undersigned i»
IFFKTAL, and in the name and under the
ms and instruction of the legal United States
rs, an,l obviates all farther expense an!
rouble, so far as the surveys are concerned, in
ibtaiinng Patents. All persons having any
piart/ leads or surface mines to survey and pl»
in have the work done promptly, perfectly an-1
a exact accor hmee w th the legal requirement!.
'.v applying in Auburn to
SAMUEL BETIIELL.
Auburn, March. IRh, 1871.—my.
Assessment Notice.
JrniT, OF THE BELLLVFE MINING COM*
PANA Location or Works, Ophib Di.v
tuict, Placek Co., California.
V'OTICE 18 HEREBY GIVEN, THAT AT
x a meeting of the Board of Trustees of
'Tnpnny. held on the Ist day of Noveml |fr
8i l. an assessment of one dollar per share a' l B
'led upon the capital stock of said Compa**!;
lavahhi immediately, in United -States gold a'" l
n't r coin, to the Secretary, at the office of j
ouipany, 409 California street, Sau Francisco.
California.
Am- stock upon which said assessment sj' 8
•'■nmni unpaid on the .-nth Jay of
*Bi l. shall he deemed del nqui lit, and will j
j.v advertised for sale at public auction, Bl:
uiless payment shall bo made before, will w
mid on
V* cdxesdat, tiik £7tu Day of DkcimW*
‘fi' 1 n 1 ,11 v the delinquent assessment, togi
"ilh costs of advertising and expenses of as
By order of the Board of Trustees,
T. F. CRONISF, Secrelar
times—lo 9 California Street fun stain h
Francisco, California. o