NEW yore:.
Rumor Current that Tweed
Keditatos Flight,
Arrival of the First Vessel of the
Russian Imperial Fleet.
D"rily He view of the Eeadiag
Markets.
Special Despatch to The Chlccft) Trlbtina.
Mover.
NewTojuc. Kor. 11.—Tl;** bank statement to-
•dny was again favorable. T'.e banks ti.-vo
i- -{rained t3,065,T000n th'-ir total repr.rve, ucrun.v. an
I v.-r c ‘increase In tlirlr total IluMUtier o' V,sw.ua. The
the banka now hold 57.3' C N') In what is reckoned aa
con r ’awful money, tu-wi:., geld 'i per cent treniil
cates and legal tenders above the b*g*d require
char dent, which Is n ra’n of on !a>‘. ,i>ek.
the.'’ Ul:c banks have felt.liiatith-d i« exp.vndlni? their
onus $2,101 ,wcv, and the n >w J m wvi.-
CT2.TOO. The money Uiui».*«t to-day
ct 6 to 6 per era: u call hums
but lK>fore the
close id tMii’-'hir
nr«<- unemployed balances \voro nfun.l uti'U Monday
noir ->as low ns 6 per cent. A jroo-l «ra» done
qua %}T the pcllpth of oomnidrclM p iper, no 1 rates on
tliis clew of loans have a I mi The
Floor best acceptances are quoted at 9a!2 p:?r c mt, and
tales were larger than :-t nuv time aln-« the
bat?' 1 ’hlcapo lire at the lower ml***, to-wlt., .*lO per
li yo cent.
iia» r
oou>
vas sternly but doll all day. onmhisr nt ill 3-8,
Jim! closing at ill 1-2. The niton it? c-irry*
Cut J!, wore 3, 4. 5, and 2 par cent to iliL Tiie specie
litx i. esportu of the wdfclr weru fotwjwc.
FOBKtON KXOIUNOW.
Tblb'-jli ’Hi o ifi D 0
Hut jt MT»: rlict bcinu dull alter the departure ot the
iwrtet.
Ca 1 coveuxuent*
■wore steady and llrm at the close. The quotations
lor Pacific Railroad securities were os follows;
Central gold bonds, 102 5-6 to 102 3-1; Union gold
Lunds, 60 1~l to po 1-2; land grants, 76 to 781-i; In
t-omes, 70 7-8 to £0; fitock. 24Hi U*24 7-B.
TVch '>o
Pot;
Xauu
•Bhliu
Lath
ft*P

rye.
T»
«to j
wl
TUB FTOCK MAUK-ET
v. jo strong until thopubliration of the bank stato
luent, which was taken odvanhigu of by
tlic cliques to rell out. At the
c-icre the market woe atcadicr, with a blight
recovery from the Jowocjt flgurty of the afternoon.
irSit: Hannibal <fc Ht- JorepU wan the only oxoep
<lon. The buMncss
One of the important events of the coming week
will l*o the annual election of Directors by the Pa
■cilic ilali f-tiickholilnrH. There Is an oulsido {*arty
king to obtain control, which party Is led by n
•well-known f*i*eculntor, identified up town with
ti.e bowing xuachlne Interest.
mtEADSTCFTS.
.All grades -of flour were In limited de
mand. though the close was rather Irregu
lar. with some inquiry in the low grades,
fmperfinc was steady. Wheat was dull during
the morning, but at the close was one rent better,
■and fairly active for spring and stronger for whi
ter. The demand was chiefly fop export, though
In part foriuvestmrnt- Com was less active and
closed tame. The demand was chiefly for export,
though loir for the trade.
[To the Associated Press.]
SMALI.-IDX.
Nrw York, Nov. 11.—The city Sanitary Inspec
tor reports that there wero soven ue .census of
AinalJ-pox since yesterday in various pirrsof tho
r-jfy. Jtl* feared that it Ilia,' hceiiluc rpi(lc!iiiO
Ci 6 there arc now forty-two caws lu the city.
H.UJITV FU.Vf*.
The sut-s-criptlon ill aid of the sullerc; in the
West reeeived In-Hie fhamber of (."omm.-ree Ho
le f r.,mmltt;-e, from Nov. f. to Nov. anu-mt to
wt, making the grand total voived
tuub lur.
i\nt:».«OT.u
Vp to to-nlghl Inver.- *ll had not been at rested,
KTOU-S U.VCTpIS UKTiM;v*ur<‘i»V
TliC election return* fi.rtheTv.eui c-tir a Ward lu
J'dooklvn. which were .stolen from liurt'iryClerk’s
ojV.ee. "have Ivceu returned, they hat lug Iwcu
ri placed by parties unkwnvrn.
I.AiK OP si;su;SANCB.
Tho many disclmruee of Tammany aincenrfcta,
tiutde !»y Deputy Comptroller Grot-n. l-.-fc Ihoor
yr.iuiratiou witbuit Its worktnc forco of repeaters
I'D ept-jioji day. i’evluii** In aP,several tbmisaud
ju»ine» have been drop)a.\l from the i-i»y jv.*y-roliA
<-inre the nppolntiin-nt of Ivputy Ouiiptrollcr
■flnvn. Tileuy of these sinreuri*t« had been ro
kkdving p«y fcohdy for elrcjlomnTiui! purp>»'*e».
tflie inabihiyof Turn many to fmnlsli funds to
this clasa deprived the parly of many thousand
Xctcs.
TUB nrSMAN rLKKT.
One vrpswl ofl the Ruasiuti fleet I* now off the
Highlands cumSig up the Bay.
There is a rumor etmrnj. that Tweed medifa
ting flight. The iittreau of the Municipal Corpo
ration. eufiijKiscd of Charles O'Connor and hia
.associates, for the priwjutiou of the city
plunderers, have Informati-.m to this rflVreV In
view of his haiiug tran*fejTpd *o miu-h of his
projtfrty. with the overwhelming evidence
vlgtuust him, us well an with rebTcicy to the
3-lrio Railway frauds ns fbos.» n«wui«« u.« cttj-« it
is conU'iuplated on the part of tlm Attorney
I I.inr f *l-||l Asjevim
answer bus been juit in. In Tweed's case no
notice of his apiH-jjranct} has l>cen nvelved.
Yofilerday a deputation of workingmen, who
widled on Tweed concerning their pay, were treat
ed with much obsequiousness, Tweed promising to
t-ivethe pay-rolls tuudo out forthwith.
The Tribune* commenting on the subject of
Tweed's flight, savs; “To Jet him escape now
would l>e to lose points in the late victoryand
that “hi* punlsJimenr by bard labor In the Stnto
Prjsoik-for the rest of his life I* demanded nyevory
cvTisidemllon of pablie and political morality.
With UU lucaruer Atlon only will the people be eat
•fcotlcd.”
JXCKUMiVV.
fiinefi the return of Ingctxdl, tho co-defendant
•tn tho Tweed suit, he has Ix-ca concealed in his
factory up town. It Is reported tluit tits persona
-%vln> promlss'd to become his lunidsuien have t*nck
cd out. The Sheriir will jirobably act on the uuw
order of arrest to-thiy.
vvoonwAirn.
It Is definlnitolv w-ltled that Woodward lifts fled
'iK'youd the reach of any legal process.
A UKMCN.VTiON.
The resignation of Isaac Beli.asoheof the Com
-mltsiouerb of Public Instrm-Uoa, is mmotineod.
Ex-Judge Barrett denies that he was paid a
counsel fee of #iO.««w In connection with the Hi
3t>nu movement. He received In all only about
V,COO fur hit- professional services.
Antons the swindles upon the city. which the
3;lng is rej>orte«i to hat e devised, is one for paving
*ll.o streets, under u conlraet, wilhdly means, for
which pr.'jK'rty owners were charged at exorbi
tant rates for an inferior pavement. One of t hoe
<-.*ntract«n* wnnom- Cuidvt, who recently Hdect
cd a jury which Judge Barnard dismissed.
TUB I'ISK-M ANhVIEI.I* SUIT.
In the Fisk-Manplleld injunction suit. Judge
Pratt, of Brooklyn, on the ctli of November, crunt
*d the application of the defendant fora change
in the place of trial to New York. The case was
jiceordinglv brought up yesterday, before
Judge Hriidy, of this city, of whom the
CEric ring have always been in dread.
v*hen this In-came known. Judge ITatt
xcus oppealrd to, who thereon Issued another
order A*calllng the salt and deferring the time of
it- trial for nearly iht-ec month*. The counsel for
the complainant* think this action unprecedent
ed- The letters which Fisk K-ck- to suppress hy
these proceedings will cause a sensation .when
Brought to light. Beside* furnishing evidence
against rogues, they will have somewhat of inter
rst from the amorous, racy style lu which they
arc written.
A lawyer named Darling promises to give #230
to AssemMvruiin-clect Fields If he can produce
the nfUduvits that twenty-tivo men, not employed
l.v the city, voted for him. The count shows that
jr'leldagotsutß.
BAIO ON Tltß WEPBATBUS.
The Democratic Reform Committee have ovl
tb nee that 15,«)0 fraudulent votes were counted
onTtusda'v They expect to punish thirty-six ro
lK-atcis alrrndy under surveillance. There is
evidence alto against tho police-
It 1- not true that Hcimtor Fenton and Collector
Jlurphy have Weomc rvconciled.
THE ELECTIONS,
The foil iwing are ofllohrt returns of the vote
f»r ConjnvsHuan-ut-Largo:
Oicntiuk. Bcrrrid'jf, K. Kaye*, T).
3htone 1.121 1«9
Coles... 3,176 2,105
DeWitt lA*C3 3,213
Menard
Nlontgomery
dark
Union
IkmcUw
Vashington.
fcott-
Monroe
Richland....
3‘rjoiklin....
•lorH-y
Bureau
3.ogan
3avinp»ton„
Kendall
Kankakee...
Clay
Jlcndcrson..
t-t. Clair...-
fxhuylvr
Morgan
McDonough
Twenty-six counties 39,8* i
Mourn*. 111., Nov. 31.—The official vote of
■c.nmdr county glr*« Beveridge 377 majority;
2Si>; Baggett. 213; and’ Anderson. 92. Not
much more than a two-third vote was polled.
TvvixmvTMX. 111.. Nov. 10.—Christian County,
tor the first time, elocw a full Republican tlckcL
Furßeprvoentiitivw In tl»c tagulutuxv from tho
Thirtv-filxh District. General B. Domblaicr, for
nu*rly Warden ’of the I'etrlienUary at Joliet, t*
to also all our a&didatos for county
•urtlcrn*.
RomaoitD, HL.Nov. IL— The. official count in
M'iuiiebngo Couutv gives General Beveridge 2,157
omdorlty. -r
Rock isiAsp. HL. Nor. ii.—General Bftver
-S*hrv*bofflcLdm.iJorit)*in Rock Ldand Ojanty Is
«U).
N*:w \uuu, Nov. ii,—Tin* latest election re
give tin* Ro]Hlbllrnns ob vot«*s In tho Absem
l»li ygidu-l ao Ibfinocmtft.
MDtnn*. Ort. 11.—The A mlenrWf Mississippi
to-night says Uio elnction %v:ls tli«% nio«t
v*rd*-ily «v« r In-Id fa tho Siato. tknuUUUrial re
'tums bli"V.* the Honso to!>**; lUqkUhUc,-* a C.i•
Homocrats.• r -l: Ind**i‘end«*uls.2. B*:itai<*.Rspuh’
Hems, 7t; I»emccrats, 12. A largo iK-mocraiie
f Governor Alcorn will resign in a f» w days, pre
parutory to taking his n at in the Senate.
BUiukt the flnilrond.
:v Nm.. 31 N-tJu; t-*i‘n «-u
«£IC N\»:lb A iV.viUv Jk' iUVid, v »l
n- this morning, having two earn containing
recruits from Now APmnr.attached,
was approaching Wellsvllle, ninety miles mu tu of
la ro. r.Uut noon, am! fanning n down grade at u
hieh ;<pce J, a rail broke, uuti tUo.t ao rear earn,
containing the recruits, flew the truck, nod rolled
down Xbe embankment, turning two or three
time!*. At the latest accounts sixteen soldiers had
u kllU d outright or died of tbelr wounds. Ed*
ward Colvin, brakenmn. was also killed. Ac
eonau fiom Wellsvllle an* meagre and un-mtlsfac
-1017 but nothing additional can be obtained. No
names of the killed other than have
yet l>cen received. The recruits were tn route to
Salt Luke.
tr. Lons, Nor. n.—Further advices relative to
the accident near Wcllsvlllc. on the North Missouri
Iva'lrond. yo'tordaj*. state that only two persons
wen- lulled outilghl, but that between twen'.vund
IWi ty were wc unded. several of them. It is feared,
mortally. All the Injured were taken to We'Ju
ville, and piuiuptlv cured for by the railroad com
pany.
I’oth cars were badly smashed. and but for the
platform of the ladies’ cur preceding the soldiers*
cur pulling out, the remainder of the train might
1 arc been dragged from the track, and the serious
character of the disaster largely increased.
Pope Pins (0 Declare Himself Sole
Kelly, the Fenian, Acquitted of the
Harder of Constable Talbot.
hours
French Proposition to Establish
a Definitive Republic.
London, Not. 10.—A despatch from Dublin
slates that Kelly has boon acquitted of the mur
der of Constable Talbot. The announcement was
received with great rejoicings. In Dublin the
crowds in the streets cheered lustily, and tho gen
eral excitement was Intense.
A new company had been formed to furnish
rolling stock %f<or tho Atlantic d: Gre it Western
Hallway. Tho .£3,000,000 capital stock waa sub
scribed two-fold in two days.
London. Nov. 11.—The steamship of
the Hamburg American line, in leaving Plymouth.
England, while on the way to Hamburg, collided
w Ith n schooner which sunk, and all the crew per
ished.
London, Nov. ii.—TheQiK-cu's condition Is won
derfully improved. All proposals for a parllalro
pency ore abandoned.
M. Guizot has accepted the position of French
Minister to England. The Due do Broglie takes
the mission to Austria. M. Picard that to Belgium,
M. Fleiuury to the United fetates, and M. Goulard
to Italy.
P>\nw. Not. IV—Tho Prince de CWgl Albanl,
Papal Nuncio. bud im Interview with Count do
Itunm-at. Minister of Foreign Affairs, yesterday.
The Cmmlitiitiunucl to-day says they discussed
tLe forthcoming protest ol the l*opo, In which the
Holy Father will declare hlmscff solo King of
Heme, and will announce the determination to
hold no odiclal Intercourse with any foreign rep*
mcntjitivcsat the court or near the person of
Victor Ftnaimel.
It Its stated here that the tlrfit duty of the Due
do Hnremirt, on his arrival at Rome, will be to
present Cardinal Antoiiclii a formal protest
ngidnst the publication of u portion of the French
Minister's confidential correspondence with the
Pontifical ftecrMary.
R'imi:, Nov. ii.—l'rinc© Humbert will arrive at
this city on the l it It Inst.
The autumn flood* of the Tiber have recently
done much damage but the waters are now sub
siding.
Ilrlgiuni.
RnrssEt.s. Nov. n.—The Rank of Belgium. to
day reduced Us rates «f Aliseouut to 4 per cent.
Prince Pierre Bonaparte, notorious fur his jur
Heipstioti in the nssa»—iuntlon of Victor Nolr,
wan iimnb-d to-day at the French Legation lu
this city to Minus Rifllin.
The imln.oi(tourr JUlge. in its Paris letter re
jillinn- the jip.iointm'-nt uf Jules Ferry, us French
Ambassador tu Washington.
Madrid, Nov. il.—The Jonrneymcn baker* of
Vilmeiii, wlio arc on n strike? for additional
wages, attempted to prevent the; Introduction of
workmen and bread from the ibUolning towns,
but n body of cavidi v dispersed the mob,
Madrid, Nov. 10.—The Cortes to-nlghl parsed
n vote of conllib uec In the existing government.
The vote stood ltd yeas to 08 nays. TUo Radical
members abstained from voting.
Pam*, Not. IV—ln an Interview, President
TJilersainthorltatively stated that when the Leg!*-
Xx>KPO>*. Nor. IV—The French Ambassador has
protested ngulnst the finnan nceordlng heredi
tary sovereignty to the Hey of Tunis.
One Hundred nnd Twenty-one and Threc
fourths Miles of Walk, Costlaff!?3 U. 350.90,
Burned In (be (*rrat Fire.
J. L. Hunchett, Saporlntondcnt of Sidewalk.* of
the Board of Public Works, luw made a report of
the amount of sldi-walk destroyed In the great
Are, together with tho width, clmriiclcr, and co*t
(.f tin* wime. Ik-fon* the flre tlicro were miles
of sidewalk, of which l-l 3-4 niilcM were destroyed.
The delHihHl statement Is us follows:
501 ml IHVIaION~Vb \NK WAVS.
IJiUfL Width. W JXT/L 7W«I««d.
j>is 4 .2rt -1,Tt».00
SffsTM I KW.SC®
&U M XSH7M
I>S 10 1,14«j.2S
1.530 12 .75 1,372.50
13S f>7 n -W 121.81* 30
y,.7M JR V2T, -gsOIT.M
ejao 2A W5 10.902.50
A DENIAL
-too,rc? linear feet. Total com, #356,736.45
south walk.
Lfn.tT. TlVr Uh. Cu>.t per/T. TWat
0 .40 f 2.. J'.OO
ft .244 10 .65 4.051.6 1
UJd 12 .75 6.CU.01
II .TO 51,303.00
17.137 It* 1.25 21.4U.Ci
boo 21 l,» I^JO.OO
nut'ii.
AN OSTKII,
NOTTKrB.
Illinois,
2C.573
Mew V«rk.
lHlwikdppi,
FOREIGN.
King of Rome.
.Great Britain.
rWoriiVs'Fpeclal.l
Italy,
Hpniu.
France.
:itive AsM’tnbly meets at the beginning of Diveui
**r« the government will propose to «’tul the pro
jsional ivglme, and establish a Ucflnitivu re
•ulille.
Algiers.
BLUJSWAIK DESTROYED.
IXAC. WMAL
ft .4T.
ft .00
n mo
stom: walk.
c 1.20
i" vtM
ji n.09
is i6.w
STONC WALK.
"325 24 24T0 50^12.00
4.IHJ 1C 10,01 74.25i.00
~S2I 14 14.00 315J01.00
3,7(3 10 10.00 37.630.00
Total con, 556T,63L«
linear left.
WI>T MVIsION—HANK WALK.
Lfti.rt. Width. Cottier ft. Tnfni roft.
IlfiW 6 .40 5.4A1.00
Tear 14 .to 4,0v).c0
J&00 16 1.23 7.NATO
Total cost. 9 17.0i0.00
r.rcArm-LATiox.
Linear fen. Oi/f.
24,330 linear foot.
PirMon.
North
Nouth
West
612, m #*11,3*0.90
Total.
INFORMATION WANTED.
Inquiries for Persons Missing or Lost Since
Ilic Fire.
Carl Kurth, formerly of No. 55 Granger street.
North Side, will bo assisted by addressing his
brother-in-law, T. Brocknlsh, Berlin, Prussia.
Mrs. Abraham Moses, formerly of No. 62 Wabash
ovenne, 1j requested to communicate with her
sister, Caroline Phillips, No. 23 Kensington Cres
cent, London. England.
AlWon J. Chard, formerly In the employ of Mr.
Connell. Is requested to communicate with his
wife at Bnishum, near Taunton. England.
James Gorman, formerly ot No. 34S (m alley)
Ptate'street. earner Harrison; is Inquired after by
his mother J.t Broekville, Ontario. Canada.
Mrs, N. S. Douglass, formerly of No. Iso Wabash
sivemie. Is Inquired after by her nephew, C- L.
Ib-ifemler, Canton. Ohio.
Wm. Henry Prison, formerly of No. 141 Polk
Mn-et, is inquired nfle.r by Mrs. Jno.ll. West, No.
49 Groporv slnvi, Jersey City.
Anne MacufHn, formerly from County Down.
Ireland. Is Inquired after by Rich. Adiitus, No.
IW. Smith Seetmd street, Harrisburg. Pa.
Bov. J. 1» Goodrich, slopping at the Metropoli
tan Hotel at the time of the tire, is anxiously in-
for by bis.-on. J. C. (oo<lricb. Tradesmen’B
National Bank, Philadelphia.
Herman Fromnhold, of Fronmhold A Lewis, tin
ami hardware store. NolftC No.Tth Chirk street. 1“
urgently sought after by, his brothet-i^law. Otto
iTesprieh. editor of tho Cnnnifchct yofktblatt.
New Hamburg, Ontario. Canada.
Mrs. Jams Quinn. Farr.uUar street, mnv hear
from Mnggj* Melvey by aodresslng Chfts. «itt, I-.
IL Polleeman. johnstown. Pa.
Kramer. from San Francisco. i< rrnuCMo*
to address Henry Kramer, care Chus. Mitchell
New York city.
TVm. c. Lons ift requested to communicate with
W. K. Redding. Saratoga. New York.
Mr. Scott Wil-on. o young Lawyer, formerly of
Clark street, la mptcs-uvl to communicate with H.
G- Armstrong. MayorV Ck-rk.Clnclnnatl, O.
Augustin** Cudiuor**. formerly house-builder, of
Jfo. (Vi Grangerfitrvet, North Slue, is inquired after
■by his aisliT, Mrs. K. M. Cole, rkmUitleld, Orange
County. Yew York.
John T. Laisbaw, who boarded at the Mattoson
nous**. Is inquired after by Mrs W. 6. Kh LaUhaw,
of Indiana pulls.
Mrs. .7. M. Pledger and two children, who were
stopping nt the Humboldt liottsc, on North Clark
street, tire inquired alter by D.U. McGill, of Louis
ville, Ky.
Mrs. Emma Robertson, widow, who lived at llm
comer of ludianaand line, in inquired nfi**r bv
ber brother Henry Cotgruan, of Abbe Buildings.
Chester,"England.
Mr, Richard M. Tearc, who lived nt No. Fifth
avenue, hi inquired after by hi* sister, of No. i
Montpelier Terrace. Bea Rond, Galway. Ireland.
Edmund Carroll Harvey, a blacksmith, and
Frank E. Bodwy. wheelwright. are inquired ut
ter bv their relative. A. d. Harvey. Norwich. Vt.
Mrs Ghisson, who lived at No. A** North Clark
Street, is inquired utter by her relative. Mary
GbtebOß. of Halwyn House. Clifton, near Bristol,
M. Arehernnd RirbanlG. Archer, who
lived nl N’e. 105 South Market street* are
iif-iif i»v ihcjr father. Charles I Archer, oi Klin*
dmfanj N.T,Mt~ Kenedy, County Wicklow.
Ireland.
Pian«« Wiored nnd Bcpntrrd.
Tho Messrs. Krtil, of the Temple of Music, have
t>ocii i-x» fccdlngly toriunutoln obtaining large and
counmiiMons quarters jit N'*>. R1 Sixteenth street,
i.«•.*»• V*>i f*-h owno**, and 7i:»ve every Lo-lllty t.*r
.-.’•vm: i.i >!uor putting thorn in (horvngb
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE; SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1871.
HEAL ESTATE,
The Condition of the Market.
list of Building Permits—Hew Buildings
in the Burnt District
Transfers on Yesterday and During the
Past Week.
The real estate market has remained compara
tively stationary during the week, the mam In
quiry being from laborers for cheap lots In the
suburbs. In any transactions of importance there
is a discrepancy of fully 16 per cent between buy
ers and sellers,—the former not being willing to
concede anything, and the latter expecting to buy
at a discount. Many Eastern men have boen here
during the week, to purchase; but. owing to tho
firmness of holders, and especially to tho uncer
tainty sail remaining as to the final disposition of
the title question, have returned without purchas
ing. In the meantime, as wc hare sold, laboring
men are now commanding good wages, and
the inquiry of this class for cheap lots is constant,
and a large business maybe expected In this di
rection In tho spring. Rcut&. lu the meantime,
continue in pood demand, both on the South and
West Sides, and property-holders remain firm In
their demauda.
TUB QUESTION OP TTH-Ea.
On the question of titles, nearly all the real-es
tate men arc in furor of a hill which shall legalize
as real-estate records the abstracts In possession
of the abstract-firms, and look npoa this as the
shortest! und simplest method of settling the
question.
BUILDING PERMITS.
Tho following Is a complete list of building per
mits issued by tho Board of Public Works since
Tuesday last:
John Trsyner, 183 Bute street, Are-story brick.
Theodore llotnuan, m-*r Clrbourno arcane and r.nr.
rabee street, ill. Jin, lid and 192 Clrbourno arcane.
J. 11. Tsseott, Lot S. Block 45, (old town), on Canal
stm t, three-Morie** high.
K. H. l*lke. No. 300 Stale street, throe-story brick.
Emory R. <JnrU, Clinton street. Uvc-story brick. Lot
9, Block 77. old town.
J. suit*. 45 and -17 Market street, onc-storr block.
Holden. Tascott Co., Madison street. Lot 3, Block
6 School Section, three-story brick.
K. Judxon, Ilf State street. firo-stoiy brick.
Casa Chapman, 683 and6bs State street, four-story
brick.
Edwin DeWolf, 106, 107, sad 109 Madison street, tour
story brick.
J. A’. Dickey, ic am! 17 State street, brick bonding.
Joseph K. C*. Forrt eL 20 Congress otreet, four-story
and basement brick, (or business.
M. On»ss, 435 Htalcstreft. brick house.
f D. Hamilton, 126 Clark «C, two-story brick, with
Iron front.
A. L. Sherman. of Waukegan. Lot fi, block on Canal,
near I*. W. (tab building. four stories, brick.
Dr. IV. 11. Byfonl. 23s .Laliash avenue, brick honw*.
Wm. Skinner, Lot 4. Block 30, Carpenter’s Addition,
two-M<ny brick.
Charles Quigley, Lota 6 and 7. Block 6. Wright. Bn*-
ler (k VVebßteriw Addition, two-story frame; outside
Am limits.
Samuel Myers, 2C6.270,272,274,and 27CMihU»oustreet,
fimr-ciory brick.
K. P. C. Klokke, Lot 10. Block 45, two-story iron
building.
Jweph Freud. S3 Deaplabies street, brick building.
L. Mandril, 352 and avt state street, 33t1. 331, and 335
Cbik street, brick bulMlnc.
David Bride. 612 State him't, brick Imlliline.
John Van Omlcl. for tho Deck estate. -jOJ Michigan
avenue. 72 :uid 71 Wabash avenue, and 167 and IC9 Lake
street, brick building.
A. J. Avcrill, Wabash avenue, 272, 271, 276, brick
building.
the i tilst mvnnrr.
The work of rebuilding the burnt district goes
on rapidly, and the architects are overrun with
work.
W. W. Frying;on has already contracts for the
following among others:
i:ivr.« stcket.
Block nf six stores mi vast bide of the street. SOxtftO
feet mill, ■bsturit-s high n:nl basement, pressed
brick front, tor Matthew Latlui. lawuils, WuodrutT «k
Co.
West side of the street. bWk of 5 stores, TKIW.
.Vstories high. pn used brick front and stutic trmmlug*.
fur Walter Huger* <fc Co.
W.VIUSII AVF-Nl'B.
block of three stores, curiier «;f Water street, VtTO
each. 4 Merits blah, pr> seed brick with atone trlm:alu.,'s,
ter Mania w Vaitin.
Block of two stores, corner of Lake street, fitslrt
bmwn-M« nv front on l.uke, and <ihi’» slow* on W.fli.wli
G-ttorien high. f«t V, H. utwl XV. S. McCormick c.d >t<-.
North of Ibn.diilph street, fur McKay Krus., brick
ImlhUlig, 41'XW, 4 si lies.
sumt WATER sTKKRT.
block of thrii- stores. :a:sta'> eaeh, A stories. JuM w**«t
of WaLuah avcaoo, heavy brick, for I- H. Merer
One store, west of Wabash and ne-ir Luke, four
Merles, 20x170. for S'. C. Cba-e. ef TJu.-t m.
I.AK.K STUJUCT.
One store, 2051C3, -t stories, pressed brick, far S. IV
Cobh.
One store, 20\lfi5. I stories. Iron front, fur C. H.
Tbt-mouu, of New Haven. Conn.
Iflf.ek of stores and oltei-s, the Court Tfoaso,
112 fret front by ir-0 f.n clis j*. fire Moiii- high, lipwa
stone fronts, for Quudun br»* Dr. K. s. yowb-r. IV
PI. CoiHlrJ). sod J. C. Walter, to bo furaisliiil with
vaults throughout.
t'CAnr.ous bimrr.
Block near Water stiret. :oxv), four stories, heavy
htickbuilding, lor E. K. lingers.
IIAMKJI.I-ll sTKBET.
flock of four store* b.r lumen Itro*.,eachSOxlTa.
irstuiies, heavy iiti'k building.
niennsAS avkmt.
romeref JarkM»n street, n hotel, live hiorle-, high, sex
IAV prn-Mti brick, with stone trimmings, to bo a good
iiyoitited hotel m evtiy particular.
Bailing A: Co luivo ooutracti*! for the following
luiUdiugs during the pa*t two weeks:
Northeast earner Lake and Dearborj streets, for J.
K- Uotsfunl. 4Cx 0. brick, A stories.
Southwest r»’rtier Wells and Water btrects. for The-
IT'U I*anire, <3vSO, brtrk. A stories.
-V- IMu»i|> W’wter MUil FVsuhlm. for Qrnut
brick, lonr.Pi*.
North Wells Mieet. near Chicago avenue, forllu*
Newts-nv c-Utr, wxl2f>, br*ck 3 stories.
North Wells struct, u«ar Illinois, for Jb Mcars, &>x7o,
bjick.3 stories
Congress street, lx twren Michigan and Wabash ave
nues, for J. V. frfjimmon, .VK7O, brick, 3 stories.
Micl.lgun avenue, near Congress street, for J. Y.
Scsniinon, :nsiN\ brick. -I slurtes.
tMUithwest comer Van Ibiren street and Waba*n
avenue, for J. Y. Mcaminou, sOxtw. brick, 3 stone.*.
Northeaat comer Van Buren stieel and Wabash av.
enue. for A. J. Ai erilJ. inr.xPA tirick, t stories.
Nortliwt'si comer lla:ris-m ami rttale sltvet*. for
Maudel Bros.. 50x100. brick. 3 stories.
HiuthweM corner Franklin and Washington streets,
for Mnrckaßrn*.. 40x11.*,. luirk, astorie*. _
Lafridlo street. l*etweeti L\ke amt Water, fur E. 11.
McCagg. brick. 4 storlea.
mnitlieast comer Clark and Washington streets.
JltibfKllsl Church Block, Wxiati, stone. stories.
Comer stale «ml Washlnglon.bUvids, Firet National
Bank.r*xso. stone. 5 Htortes.
Comer Madison A Dearborn streeta, Thinf.sE Build
lug. brick. JstorietH
River street. op|*oalte Waha*h avenue, for George
Amumr «fc COctaa. brirk. 2 stories.
Clark street, near Van Buren, for Isaac ruanui, -jV
M). stone, 3 stories.
ToAW
3.592T0
915.00
The following buildings are in process of con
struction by W. I*. B. Jonney:
For Rowen Brothers, three store*. two stories high.
RO*l4R. to iK'jrtn on Monday.
Lnrge Mock. iTbxttft. on Lake street. ornamented
hriok. term cotta trimmings, five stories, tm-t-cLus* m
673.63
2.19X0
S.(XL 00
11.M0.00
One Hjree wniehonse and wholesale store (groceries!,
Koiith Water street. 45x50, four stories high, entirely of
brick, vi-iy substantial.
Two blocks of two stores each, on W ells street, nt-ar
Madison.
Thtvc dwelling* on North Hide, Ontario street and
vicinity, of brick, three stories,
Two store* and ofllces on Washington street, west o!
tunnel, of brick. _
Two stores ou Van Boren street, of brick, two sto
ties high.
It I? a porullarltyof all these buildings that the
large unyorltv are of brick, and urn lobe built
mneh heavier than before. our list, of course, is
tv limited one; and at another time we slum pre
sent a further list from the architects* reports.
But what wo have already quoted, from only
throe ottlccs. will give an Idea of the activity ev
erywhere prevailing.
Tn.vxfonns.
The following instruments were filed for record
on Saturday, Nov. u:
Mr rnopTRTT.
Lake street, 180 feet east of Fifth avenue, «mlh front,
30x160 feet, dated Oct. 19; conddcrMliou. #I2TOO.
West Tftvlor street, (»feet east ul Lailin street, north
front. 30*130 feet, dated Nov. 11; consideration. SI,OOO.
Butterfield stm t. 100 feel mirth of Eighteenth stm-t,
west front. 23*67 foot, twlth buildings, dated Nov. 3;
consideration, #1,500. _ _
Vincennes avt-nne, Wtwi-en TMrty-seyenth street
and Oak avenne. east In.nl. 20*110 fitl, with building.
dated Oct. 31; corndderalion. #lo.i«a
Cottage Grove avenue, near Thirty-eighth street,
west front, Oixl-W feet, dated October 23; consideration,
street, between Jefferson and Union. 25 feet,
nir nlnp to Barber stn-et. with balldlugs, dated Octo
ber IS; consideration. $2,000.
West Indiana stm-t, near Blekenllte. north front.
2>\KOfoet. «lfllcd Novemh-r 10 considrratl'm. V..« 0.
Lots 7 ami Sin Block Sln David S. Lev's Addition,
datnt Heiitcmber 14; conslderaUoU.
Lot 7 in Block b of Lots I. 2, mid 3 m bhefflelds Ad
dition. datoil NovctnlK'r It: coiwidtration. <7,000,
ls.t Sof Lot 6in Block also Ixit 4of Lots 1.2. and
S in Block M. ft n wl-LSSec«otts2t,®,U, dated Nov,
11: consideration ft.ooo.
lx»l sof lot a in Block 62. Abo T>it 1 of Tuns 3.2..and
3ln Block M. of n w 3-4. Svrpou> 21, X«, 34, vUted Nov.
31: consideration 81. W.
U.ls 3 and «In Mb-lurl Kih-Iv’s smith put of Lot 6 m
Block 25, Sections g*. 3i», H, tbUnl OcL 12: couMUera-
Work Z of G:\UahetsVK 1-2Block9ln See
tJ.mr3.aa. n. tLnbtl Nov. io ..n«HJi-rali.m r**'.
lA\tl4ln Block 2of Porter* Block 27 in Section 3ft,
40. 14, with building, dated Nov. consldv-ralion
Nmihsof4'ct oflot-sl and 2 in Block I of Porter's
Block 27. tn section st, 4(>. 11: dated Nevtiobi-r b; coa
oiib-ratl'm. #3gTO.
iu-aUsiuto uuutgacci and trn-t d-vtli. 1* quit
clfl'ni d.-tds and ivl. av otlit-r In-tnum-nl* convey,
lug property ill Took County. 12; chattel moricace-s t;
togi tlar witli ft? documents which 'vrro rv-rwonled by
reason of the flu*.
Tlie following Is the total amount of city and
snrburbau propertv transferred for the week
ending November II; City propertv.
tmutii of city limits, #11,625; wett of old city lim
its, #20,400.
THE PZBE liDnTS,
.‘Umioit of ibe-Special ('ouimlttee of theCmn*
nion Council—An Ordinance Fixing the Fire
I amltw Agreed rpon—Regulation Concerning
I he Thicker*** of Brick Wall*.
A meeting of the special committee appointed
by the Common Connell to report an ordinance
Hxinc the fire limits of the city, met yc-tordny
afternoon in the Commissioners’ room of the
Board of Public Works. There -were present
Aid. Wllec. Batebaro, McAvoy, and Clarke. Gen
eral McArthur, G oncral Stiles, ana Mr. Primll
vuio. The meeting was of an Informal natore.and
the subject waa discussed. in a general way. in hU
Ha Va rings. The committee Imve thought l*cst
to Ax two molts—or.rather, divide the city into nu
inner and enter dh-trict. and will report au ordl
nanoo with tho following provisions: Within the
corporate limits of the city, no wooden buddings
more {ban one-story, or sixteen feet In height,
shall I* erected. The Inner district is to l*e bound
ed by the following linos: l-Ytiiu the nrer south
toTweltth street, thenee west to Centre avenue;
thence north to Madison street; thence east to
Ann street; thence north lo Indiana street; thcnco
west lo Rucker street; thence north to North
avenue. and thence east to the lake shore, v\ ith
ln thei-e boundaries no wooden buUdingof any
kind Is to be erected. Mr brick band
ings will l>e us follows: The walls of every budd
ing two siorio* high aro to I*.* at least eight inches
in thickness; of ihn-c Morios, atloa-st sixteen
inches: and of buildings of four or wore stories,
twenty inches.
11>e committee will hold another meeting to
morrow morning in the Church of tho Slcs-lah.
previous to Hubmittlnir their report lo the Com
mon Council.
A Sweet VteviTnl.
Gunther, the celebrated r.imnr'l man and con
fretioucr. tiiouyh completely bum***! out of busl
ne?;- nnd stork IA the great t!n», will rv*>pen t«r
ntorTiiw »t tb»* e.*. t r of Tuonticlli ami B*-ite
tilvvt-j id«. i wherv he »Ui he
prepared in tho future. ns in the past, ta give tin
best end purest of gi*ods at old prices. Guntil r»
caramels, before the Are. were Justly regarded by
strangers and citizens alike, us *»m* o' tne Institu
tions of Chicago, nod the revival of Gimther’e ex
tended business will lie hailed us one of thesweut
tßt comforts of new Chicago. Gunther will be
ruo-t happy to receive uli Ms old patrons at the
new stand,
THE CITY IN BRIEF.
Permanent Rebuilding.
During the past four days the Bo .ml of Public
Works have granted penults for the erection of
permanent buildings in the burnt district as fol
lows Tho P. F. W. Peck estate, Nos. 2W Michi
gan avenue, 72 and 74 Wabash avenue, and 167
and 169 Lake street; L. Mnndcl, Nos. 352aad3Si
State street, and 334,334 1-2, and 336 Clark street;
Win. H. Byford. No. 258 Wabash avenne; H. Pool,
northwest corner of Eric and Wells streets: D. Q.
Hamllion, No. 126 Clark street; J. K. Forrest, No.
20 Congress street; J. P- Dickey, State street, be
tween Van Huron and Harrison streets; Calvin
De Wolf, Nos. 105,107, and 109 Madison street; E.
Judson. No. 11l Ktavt street; Samnel
Myers, Nos. 268. 270. 272, 274. and 276
Madiccn street; J. Stiles, Non. 43 and
47 Mai ket street E. S. Pike, No. 3UB Htat*» street;
Theodore HoO'miiu, Nos. ill, 113, 115 and 122 Cly
bourn* avenue: John Trayn**r, No. 182 State
sited; Chuk A Sharpe. southeast corner of Clark
aud Randolph streets; Iru Couch estate. Nm. 96,
9h, loo.ind 102 Lake street, and 16,18 and 90 Dear
born street.
Amioimcemeni*.
There will be n mttetlug of the Ladies' Aid Socl
etv of Hi. ihiul's UniverbullAt Church, on Tuesday
next, at 2 o'clock p. m., ut the residence of George
W. Gage. No. 243 Michigan avenue.
—Music teachers who hax*o been burnt out may
henrof dcfeirablesltuatiousbynjiplylngto W. S. R.
Jfnthcws, No. 112 HoUth Morgan street, to-mor
row afternoon. Ho has applications for one lady
anh cue gentleman.
—There will be morning and evening service t>
.day in the First Baptist Church, «tt Watv.ish ave
nue, south of Hubbard court. Tho pastor, who
expects t« l*e nbrent two or three weeks in the
service of some suffering public Interests of our
city, will preach in the evening on “Tho Boned*
cent Aspects of the Groat D!*ft»ttr.”
—TlioWest Side Star Lecture Course will bo in
augurated on Tuesday evening next l>y John O.
Saxe, who, as well ns any ninn living, may be sup
{•ored to know something about '‘Poetry uu.l tho
*oetK,”tbe subject of his lecture, which will
delivered in tho main nudience-ruom of the ne gly
coiupli ted Union Park Congregational Church.
—The Mulligan Zouaron are requested to meet
at No. 31 Price place, to-day, at half-past 2 o’clock,
sharp.
—The Union Park Congregational Church will
be dedicated this morning at 10:45 o’clock. There
will Ih»special services appropriate to the occa
sion, with a sermon by tne pastor. Rev. C. D.
Heluicr. A union lui-eting of eiuiday Hchoola
takes phico at the church jit 3 p.m., ami la the
evening I lev. William A. Bartlett, of I’iymouth
Churrb, will preach. The public arc Invited.
—“He Did Hi* Level Best,”and that is what
Edward Everett Hale will do at the Michigan
Avenue Baptist Church, near Twenty-third
htrvet. to-morrow evening, to make it interesting
and pretitJible for all those who shall attend this,
the second lecture of tho South Side Star Course.
The subject is nut a subject, but a new and un
published story bv Mr. Hale, which Is said to
eoiiMltute a lecture o! extraordinary interest
The mocevds* will be given to the iUchlgau Avo
uue Free Library.
Burcrmfol Suicide.
A voting man named llicrlcn Stiles committed
suicide sit tire. <Jruml Hotel, corner of Canal ami
Madison street*, on Tuesday night. Ilia parents
arc very respectable people, but they had h.»en
obliged, owing to Ills dissoKTle habit*, to deny
him ndniittmico to tlu-ir home. Young Stiles was
23 years of ago. and well known among a eerlain
class of the community as* the friend” of tlm
notorious A nnle *stJle.s. Near his bed w.is found a
small package marked “morphine,” and on a
table in the room were two letters.wUichuro sub
joined:
Mr*. P. A fitilf*. fiet mih/uft arneur, Chfengft:
My 1)1.ai: MO'iliKß: Yon have alwavs been a mother
to in**. and 1 curse mvself now that I have been a
cum- to you. J uni your boy; pray for me. Vonr re.n,
C’U.VHUfc.
(To c» by Telegraph.*
T« Annie .V. Atita. .V*. 11l Filth «.A*cf, V. ,'fi:
My Huak ASMt: 1 wiltbedead in thirty miaute*.
Mar forgive von for your treatment. 1 have
Jovml \t>u lit iti-r than everything 1 over saw in tho
world. Your* In death. Cuv:>.lß.
The Coroner held an Inquest on the remain?,
rtid the jury returned a verdict of suicide by
taking morphine.”
Inquest Postponed.
It was announced, yeafcrd.iv. that nn iniu A sf
would he held on the body of William I.****. tin;
victim of the Kmr.le street catastrophe, but it ha*
1 e*» di ferret! until next Tuesday morning.
Coroner Stephen* empanelled a i try. and they
view* il the remains of L* o at the Morgue and c v
andued I lit* locality where the nmhup weenm*,!,
iioiingparticularly the place wliero the lug bv.u
struck the luidge. The witnesses* in the case
were presi lit. but won: ili-ltifssed after being t-tltl
t»> he on hand »l in o’clock on Tuesday miming.
HuGbrntrd and Burned.
An unknown m.ui, whoso left side was burned
to a crisp, was found in the basement of a de
molished buildJuc on the corner of North Water
tin! laiJinlh* stieets, jv>U;; d.ii* morning. lie was
sum in the neighhoilUHxl ou Friday ullenm ui.
nuiler the InQm nee of liquor, and luvl cmwled
into the basement to g< I wutlii. there: Wing a
large vile of smoking wheat iu ouo eoiner of It.
It Is thought he wus sulTocated by the smoke, and
Hu ii bumed. Tlie laaly was scut to llte Morgue,
and the Coroner uatilb;.! to bold an inquest.
Miscellaneous.
Tljo l»ody of a nmu waa round floating la tho
lake, opposlit! l.incolu Park, yesterihiy nfternoon.
It wasecut to the Morgue to await IdcnUrteathuu
—Tho Board of Ihiblic Works will advertise, t*>-
morrow. for pmiHisals for the iiuniedl.ito con
fitinclion of twinges neros* tho river at Kush
stre-t ami ut Clilcago avenue.
—Tim roof of the American Express Company's
building, electing on Harrison street, near rat (llc
avenue, fell in yesterday, causing slight injorie*
to one of the men working on It.
—An Inquest was held, yesterday, on tho body
of Daniel Codlcr, aged 58 rears, who wa* found
dead in Ik'd at No. 4‘JI Elston rond on Friday
night. Apoplexy was the cause of death.
—lt appear* that in otir article in reference to
flie destruction of Pinkerton’s records, etc.. ln|u*
tleo was done to the Harris safe, the representa
tive of which savs that none bf Pinkertons safes
have vet been oucuod.
—A t-puu of Itotvon were stolen on Wednesday
evening last from Mr. ShoriallV farm, two mile.-
snilUi of Blue Island. A neighbor’« wagon ami
banit fs made up hu outfit with which the Ihlevco
starP'dfor Chleagu.
Emil lloecholcr, of Chicago. the American
Consul at Barmen, ITusf-la. ban collected ami re
milled £*,noojngoldfortla> relief of Chicago suf
ferer.-*, uml hopes to send as much more In a few
days.
—Mary Hale. aged 20 years, who lives on tU‘
comer of Clatkond Eighteenth streets, was run
over by u lecomotive on the Rock Island Railroad,
at the Archer avenue crossing, yesterday after
uoon.-nnd severely injured. Her left leer was cut
off. and her rich! one badly mashed. She was re
moved to her home.
—Messrs, Purklmrst dr Wilkinson. Iron mer
chants. of No. 11l and IT3 South Canal street, on
yesterday received from the Globe Nail Company,
of 80-ton. iciTO. for the relief of the horso-shoers
burned out by the recent tire.” Of this nm-iant.
*TO was contributed by the employes of the Globe
Null Onitwuv, and the remaining |ooo by tltccom
panv itself. Mo.—rs. BarkhnrM Wdk:tw*n nro
requested to distribute this in couuectimt with the
Ilnr-v-Mniern* Association, if there 1» r*ueh au or*
pmlwlioi}.
—ri.’n- aud specification* for a new kind of
sidewalk an-on exhibition at the oiliee of the
Superintendent of Sidewalks. Board nf' Public
Works. It consists of Hat brick arches laid iipm
iron “I’* beauts and covered with concrete, the
milv sidewalk material which survived the gen
eral destruction In the recent fire. J. 8. Thomp
son. Superintendent of Streets, estimates that the
eoucrete walk above mentioned will cost, for a
frontage of twcnlv-flve feet, UOO lew than the
a-ufll style of stone'walk.
Dentistry.
We are glad to coll attention to the card of onr
friend Dr. Kennicott, whoso beautiful rooms in
the Opera Douse are “undergoing repairs.”
Who that over availed himself of the Doctor’d
skillful operations doc.* not know that all his in
struments were instruments of mercy, and all
his ways were the ways of pleasantness and
peace. Dr. Kennicott is the oldest dentist In the
city, and the skill acquired by 30 years of devoted
appli cation to the tbeorv and practice of his pro
fcN-don ban won for him liont* of friends who will
be glad to learn of his return tobuslncss. He has
suffered verv heavily by the tire, all his pets In
art and science, the accumulation of over thirty
years, having been swept away.
Times, Tribune, ud JTournnl Directory
Column.
The prc&cnt directory column running in the
above papers will expire about Nov. 15. aud will
Iki renewed at that time for six mouth# every
other day. Those who desire their names in the
above papers should apply at once to 11, H.
ChnudlerV Advertising Agem-y, 43 South Canal
-trwt. or at the brunch olllce. 44fi Mate Mrect, he
having KXt-iualvc control over all curd- In thiwc
columns. AV*o r advtrtiWMuvnU received for iu-
MTtiou In juiv now»pai»er or porltnUcal in the Uni
ted BU»ICt.
The Underwriter*’ Agency.
Some very strong insurance facts arc demon*
stmtod in another column of thl.-* morning's issue,
which *how the stability of one of our insurance
organizations, notwithstanding tho severe test
applied by the neent conflagration. The list of
losses paid to date bx* the old and tried Under
writers'Apcncv of New York, will be read with
interest. Ab the recent Are proves conclusively
that only the largest organizations. transacting
an extended national business can be relied upon
in groat calamities, we commend the Underwri
ter*’ roller to all desirous of sound indemnity.
String Tlachlnca.
Among the. many kindnesses shown by wacliiue
comimnie* to their customers wbohav£ gtuT*. rL
by the lute Arc. we have seen no instruction' sA
genet-on.* in the power granted to agents, as
furnished by the Elliptic .Sewing Machine Com
pany to their representatives here. These in
structions. mnlttingdebte ami relieving suttrrers
are so thoroughly liberal and considerate, that all
who have 10-t or need Elliptic Machines will un
doubtedly call, without tioliiy. at the company's
office, No. 333 West Madison-*:.
Correct Time.
Our citizens will be glad to hoar that the relia
ble chronometer of Messrs. J. B. Mayo «fc Co. was
saved from the groat fire, and enn be seen in their
show window at No. 468 State street, near Peek
court, at all hour* of the day and night. The Im
portance of their chronometer xvtll oo understood
und appreciated when It Is known as the stand
uni time for all the railroads. A new stock of
jewelry will be opened on Mondar. the 18th. to
winch the attention of tho public Is respectfully
Invited.
Condensed milk.
Hid go’s celebrated Pood Imperial Granum for
is In full supply at Mills* dn>g store. No.
lw South Zlnlsted street, corner of Adorns street.
Mothers win take notice.
The Imperial Dining Room*.
On account of death in the family of one of tho
proprietor*, new u ml popular reetaurant.tho
only rlr«t-ehi?-s cue in Chicago, will bo closed to
day, but will rv-Hvj*cn for business on Monday.
Chits. H. G«xkl in. Manager.
Nlotft nnd Fiirnacr*.
M.:<*! 4 -,ri ,v t\i!J;u<, f*;rriy :i! No. fo
u- V*. .S
n ir h n large- up-ortmeut of Home Comfort Stoves.
Double Dome I'umarc-. Lively Tim.*-, B iru
ers.ond n general variety of cooking and heating
stoves. Their eastern* r- who were dUapiioinTed
in gelling tbi ie sJov*-s before Tho lire, c.iu imw bo
t-uppUtd ut former low pr lees.
Reed’s Temple of TT7o*ie<
The MeWiis. Lied, now located ut No. 81 Six
teenth street,mar Wabashuvcifue,are receiving
duly a large asfottment of the celebrated
Chlckcring pianos, .is nisi thoviof leas renown.
1 he yreport tinite a demand from the former r»«t
c'cms ct the-burns district, wiilch seems eoa
rluslxo that they (tuo residents) art fully
warmed up to music.”
Betaine** Chance.
Parties looking for hu*iue*s, who hare a few
Ihonsnnd dollar* to invest, are invited to con
sult the advertisement of T, J. Lmgiev among
the business chances la another column of this
paper.
Mutilated or Cburred Currency.
The place to sell your mutilated or charred cur
rency—gold, silver, stocks and bonds—ls at tho
Exchange Bank, No. 336 Wabash avenue. Chus.
L. Boyd, Cashier.
SeirntlflraUy I’repnred. l>r. Price’*
Cnnm Baking Powder, by which food Is m ule
rosy of dilution, instead «»f rendering it indig-vd
iblr, ns do the baking powders made by igno.viut
persona.
CBOEI.L—STRONG—In tlds ritr. November 9. by
the Rev W. J. Kenuott. Frank O. crnvll to Mias biuan
L. strung, all ol Chicago.
POOLE—OI cholera infantum, on the UUh lash. Kate,
yonngest daughter of Oeo. A. and Abide K. Poole,
aged 5 months.
Fnnernlat Ilie residence. No. 10 Oakwood avenne,
Mf-uday at 1 o'clock p m.
GD Boston papers please copy.
UNDERHILL—In this citr, November 11. at the
renldenre of Ms son-iu-hiw. Dewitt C. Light. 21
John’s place. William Underhill, ut 176 Second avenue,
New York city, aged 67 years.
FORRESTER—On the JOfh Inst, of eonsmnptlfva.
Mix. Lucie A. Forrester, wife of It If. Forrester, Esq.
y'uneralfrnm tc? Houtii Park avenne, on Sunday,
12th inch, at 2 o'clock p. m.
SOCIETY MEETINQS.
A regular Communication of SI. W.‘RIOELOW
LODGE, No. 4.W, A. F. and A. M., will be held
Wednesday evening. Nov. 15. at 71 o'clock, at Lessing
Hall, No* 12 riimou-st.. betwi'cn Lake and Randolph
sis. AU members are requested to be present
WM. W. LOCK. Sec’y.
Attention Sir Knights,
There will be a Fpeclal Conclave of Apollo Com
maudety No. 1 K. T., at the Asylum In the Masonic
Temple, corner Randolph and Halsted-ata., on Monday
evittutg. Nuv. 11, at which tlie members are earnestly
requested to bo present By enter of the Commander.
It N. TUCKER, Roconlcr.
Attention, Clothing Cutters’ XTnion,
TTte regular mectlogs will be held at Workingmen's
Hall, corner Twelfth and Waller-sts., every two wee::*.
T inttxlav evening, at 71 o'clock, commencing n«st
Thiirnlay. Nov. 16, IS7I. The Relief Committee will t*e
tn session on Huutiay alter»o**u. Nt>ven»b«r 12, at 2
o'rbH'k. at Mime place, tn attend to applicant*. IL
PITTMANN, .Secrct.iiy. pro tem.
NOTICE TO BOOKBINDERS i PAPER BDLEBS.
The Bookbinders and Paper Rulers will meet at No.
9 JcfTcrsoß-sL, Sunday. November 19. at 2 o'clock, on
pnrttcidar l*ustm-«*. A full attendance U recpUroiL
HATSAND FURS
HATS!
FURS!
mm eooFEE,
Parlors 583Walmsb-av.
We show a PINE and well-selected
stock, otra pbices are low.
Furt Cleaned and Itrpaired in AVa/n/
GENERAL NOTICES.
PERSOAML.
Members cf
Thcmas I. Turner Lodge No. 409,
Hcndynnr present address to
LISLE BVBMAX, JSecretupy,
Nr*. 1C NixirrnltMil.
Free Library.
All i*erw*ns having t>ooks belonging to the V. M. C.
A. riw l.ltirnry will please le-ive them nt i* Pnntll
Cnnnl-st. ENO-S BROWN A CO.
Office of the Chicago A .South
western Railway Co.
The mlJoumi-d meeting of the Stockholders of the
Chirapo ,t Honlhwest<>m Railway rrlll be field at the
offie** <h the (Viinpnov. No* -*ws Wabash avenue, instead
of at I«U InSalle street, on Thursday, the loth lust., at
10 o'clock m m., pursuant to nd-oumment.
H, F. WAISTON. Pres’t.
H. M. AI.I.EN, Sec'y.
Members nr LINCOLN PARK LODGE. No. Bit. are
herebv notified to meet at Wells-s*. Dejmt lids morning
at 10 o'clock. to attend the funeral obw-qule* of ourlnto
brother. W. If. 11. 14*0. at Elgtn. MemlH-ra of other
aud frlcmla of the doetMeed. arc Invited to meet
with ns. L. A. BEEBE. W. M.
dissoluuion notices.
j.i. misi k co..
General Commission Merchants,
For the Purchase and Sale of
Flour, Gratis* aud Provisions.
Room li, 34Cllnton-St.,
DISSOLUTION.
Tlie firm ot COLBY »t TILLSON la this day dU
solved by mutual consent- Either party Is authorized
tosicn In iliinidation. v. J. roLitv.
Cblrapo. Ort. 17,1-71, J. W. TILL-SON.
The copartnership heretofore existing under the firm
name of Smeal. Rebanks A Co., consisting of J. G.
Sraesl, C. s. Ri-bnnks and R. O. Boninger. was dis
tblvc%\ t>n October 9, IS7I. J- G. SMEALj^.^
C. S. REBAN Ks.
The copartnership heretofore existing between W. H.
Thurston and H. I*. Bavcry. Is this <lay dliwolvoil by
mutual couktiL AU business will be settleilby 11. L.
saVKRY. No. Ac Fulton at.
BUSINESS CARDS.
DR. ELLIS,
Into of JM Wa-hington-st. OfHrC, 7-31 stato-st., corner
Taylor-st., in rvar of drug -mre. BonWonce, SW
Ofilce bourn, 9a. m. to 1 p. m.. and 2 to 6
p- m-
Bap k charter for sale, for savings.
or for general banking. Charter perpetual.
OLIVER BE3LY. 41 South Carpenter-M.
Money to loan-on diamonds, watches,
and valuable personal property. The same bought
TUNNICUFF, cs West Jackson-sL, formerly 133
Dcarbtirn-sL
Money to loan—in sums to suit—
nu Chicago real estate, without waltingrfor new
tiUcn or IrgiMiiUoU. C. J. HAMBLETON, lIC3 West
Money to loan on household furnl
tare and pianos; alw. on watchi dlantoutl#. »U
--ctrwurt"; came boaghU E. ROGERS, 137 West Mon
REPUBLIC INSURANCE COMPANY—I WILL
bnr adjusted claims acalnst thU company at SSI
Waltaeh-ar. D.K. TENNEY.
TO LOAN—MONEY ON CHICAGO REAL Es
tate. 0.9. HUBBARD. Jr., 70 South Canal st
TO LOAN—I WOULD LOAN $15,000 FOROO ORK)
day® to responsible parties. Money in bank. Ad
dre-*s J. M. D.. IWi Walnuts.
rito LOAN—fAeon—ADVANCES ON HOUSES. ON
AileostNi inis, and on country nccrptanct* drawn
by responsible bouses here. Address, c 41. Tribune
ODCC.
TO LOAN—MONEY ON DIAMONDS. WA TCIIE9
and other good collaterals. Room 12. No. 133 West
Madison-st.
TO LOAN—SIO,OOO ON CITY PROPERTY FOR 3
or 5 years. 1L C. MOELV. ns West Madlsoo-at.
XYTANTED—CLAIMS AGAINST KNICKEH*
boeacr Fire Insurance Compaav, ©t Chicago;
win rash. AddreM_J. 9. T„ iSbnne office,
XyANTED-TO OCT
»i good at-enred by trust deed; nine months* time.
Address D, Tribune office.
\ITANTED- ADJUSTED CLAIMS AGAINST
I f Republic lire Insurance Co„ of Chicago. 'Ulshv«t
ra'h price paid. F. A. BRAGG A CO., to Ed.-,; Harri
*OU-*d*
<SQ AnA OR MORE TO LOAN AT 10 PER
OOtUUU ant. Commission required employ.
Toent the terra of the loan. Bos; of references. CM.
Tribune office.
<£»Of\ AAA TO LOAN IN HUM* TO MUTT.
JDOU»UUU for«Oor»day*,onflr«teUASKec n ri.
ties. Good secuf’d paper bought and sold, at 6U Wa
bash-ar. H. LOWRY.
AA non TO ON FIRST-CLASS
tpIVViVRJU property to Burnt District, for
purpose of Improvement. Property must beunincum.
berod. and the fee In the party borrowing- Money on
hand, no delay. VM. D. HERFOOTA.CO.,£BEaet
Washlngton-st.
Q1 AA non 70 LOA FIRST-LASS
OIUU.UuU property in burnt district, Ihr
purpose* of ißinron-mrnt. Property must be nnln
cumber**!.and the fee In thepartr borrowing. Moult
on hand; nn delay. WM- D. KERFOOT CO.,
Last XVaHhjggton st-
Fors.u.k-a few sets FINK MINK FCiiR
at maxmhicturers* cost. Monday and Tue-day
and evening, ut mldeoce MS Wr.-t Mod
m-st*
F‘ OR I?ALE—LOT OF OFFICE CHAIRS. AT
STOLL* BARNES’ wholesale chair warehouse,
eflice 31 and 36 Casal-st. Rooni I.
Iron SALE-CHEA P, A TICKET TO I'll I LA
delphia. Ajrp’y to E. SCATI>, Mcrrlianta’ Msv
leg*, b'i<» A Tn-sl Co.
17011 SAI.K—AIMM’T vil C«>lT'»\ SACKS AND
J e«‘M:nb'-.*W»
r- 1 n-.ui A .'LXUTIN, Auctun.cer-f. *.s a«'l K V\--t
N.
st sto su’t'of,
DIED,
Masonic*
•ITtiuarr-
JHasonie,
CHICAGO. ILL.
DISSOLUTION.
DISSOLUTION.
FINANCIAL.
FOB SALTS.
MiscriXAKEcnjs.
AOENTIXMA N IT AVIS*.: A PIANO TO FV
cliiijifrt* t*<r itonru cnntladn cu-tnmt-r M'caUina
M( 1?7 Wi>-t A Ala.} CW9 C\UV.>
men board and Wan; if.
A ix persons having claims against
WIIIJhM-cu A I’a:Vn wjil Mv*rnt them an
MX'n flu r* f.t "f'S »\V-*r Lakv-»r. i«r Hs:Tlti.'iic.ut
y. c. v.u iamson, r. w. pares.
Di.VOHl.Xi> i-i-UALLY OBTAIN Eli POR
aerMon. cnHir, etc. Fee after decree. Eurht
jrflr.v expel imao. Addicts Box idc Pwst omce.
Enopavjno tools and materials can
Be i.totals*A at N. U. TAYLOR'S Wood EngntUus
C flier, ID V> cat Mailifon-si.
1 VEGETABLE imET'MATIO
1 ran toe obt-Anwl c 1 Van rciix-/.;. '!"7v'a A A
Beid. 851 Wabaah-ar., and of S. F l7 LL£ K, 31 Cot
tage Orove-av.
INSURANCE— PROOFOP LOSS MADE OCTIIY
jso. o. n mvv PnMi?. Bvti
Karate and Honm* Agent. 53 East Harrlie’arft.
[V YOU WA.NT TO HELL VUl’it OLD ItOOXi
for the highest price, call nr the
heap Boek Store. Set Watoash-»T.. VIIAFIX .t CO.
J AS. WM. MCMILLAN, MASON CONTRACT
or*. 413 Wc*t Madiaon-nt.. harts? flnKhed op all
our old contractu. Me are piep.*ml t»contract with
parties going to build. 1.000.000 go«d red brick for
*nle.
K. BALDWIN, LATE BA LOWIN' TAYLOK
_|* r'ilrvr.riater and Bell Hanger, 338 VTuboah-ar.
jrner llarrleon yt.
MRS. K. M. THOMPSON CAN BE POUND BY
her fiivada and patrons at 119
Chicago.
MW. DUPREE DESIRES TO INFORM !I*S
IriemU and customers that he ntUl r«*milo« with
the rid Ann. C. W, e. K. PanlrhLre <t Co.. Incite t sno*
the<lr»»attC3.P2\ rnd ti7 Mate-nL. ci»po*ile
iv., where ho will be happy to see them, and eihLdt :w
large and well assorted stock of silks. Velvets, Ac..
Aa, ns e\ er. and at 11-e former low prices
MME CARY HAS RESUMED BUSINESS-
Dn-fWußUinp, dm* raps, cornet* and fnrnUhlug
guoda at 1(3 Tw« nty-eecond-eT., and IMS Pralrle-av.
rOTAHY PUPI IC—A NOTAU\ PUBLIC COM.
rnijokn wanted. Apply at Ck3 Wabwh-iw.
PARTIES WISHING TO HAVE THE DRBKIH
cleared awav fmm their premise*, by one who ha*
a large gang of mm and a number of teams, can ad
dre*s U, 'i rltonne office.
SPEC IAI. ATTKNI ION GIVEN TO MUCH ANiCS
lien law. bankruptcy proceedings, and general ol-
ItcliMJrt ir. the Northwest, D. J. LYON, Attorney and
Notary, lit We*t Madiaon^t.
mo ARCHITKCTS-AN experienced and
A thoroughly practical architect from New York.
Is open to an engagement. Addrtwa 1' N, Tribune
office.
mO PAHTIhS THAT WaNT TO BUILD —t
A hare SO (rood carpenters and 15 bricklayers. Ic ia
furnish for day or contract work. A4dreaa 1* B. 338
WabSf>hov.
TCANTED—TO RUV-STOCK OP DRY GOODS.
ti Will pay rood kuprored city real estate, balance
Cfu>h. Addn*t»a 123 Park-ar.
•tVAXTIih-EVERY ONE TO KNOW THAT THE
T T Mi rrhantw* European Hotel will open at 195
West Waablmnoo-st. Norembcr IS. Lodgings, 50a
to gi.
\\TANTEP-A YOUNG MAN WITH S*»CAPI
TT laluonld like to invest In some kind of paring
bnsinea*. Saloon-keepera ui-wl not apply. Address
JLB. Tribune office.
TT'ANTED—A CO-PARTNERSHIP IN THE
1T wholesale Rhwry buslnerw. by on© who ha* wo
old frail** ami can r. mnuuul ample tnesna. None need
apply except find-clasa houses of undoubted reputo
tu u. and of ftw partners. Address A M C, grocer.
Smith Side Tribune office.
TV ANTET>-ALL LABORERS GOING SOUTH TO
it Hiiptv at 210 West Kjunlolph-at.. where ticket*
ran be h.d’lo st. Louis Icr $7, Memphis, 813; Vick*
burgh. sl7: New Orleans, ?S>, and stOl lower rate* to
those going by boat Irv»ro St-Louis. ibm't forget the
m.mb«i.2Jo Went Randolph-at. la the cigar store.
T\ ANTKI> IMMEDIATELY—CONTHACTS TO
IT build small building* nr wort on percentage
r. rrlocaipentcia. Address C. A. UOliß, Hl>South
stnte-st
tvantep-a young girl. having a
IT WJ.esJer A Wllwm sewing machine. would like
to gi tm me work in a private family or at home. Ap
ple at inn spite-st.
■\VANTKI>-T<)' FOR A TKHM OF
TT yiars, suitable Apartment* for a tir»tcla*s
boanbre-ta aw*, cb-se tofhc centre of hu.-dne*-. Par
ties jilwut to n build may secure a permanent tenant
by i idling uj-on or addressing K F, 222 West Like-sU
iVANI KJ —STOCK OF DRY GOob-. CITY Oil
TT cornin'. in en hance for good farm :difference
aid in ensli. No speculation, but dealing,
it.(mv i u.ir. C*•.. ina Madison St.. U.H.m 7.
TVANTI.D-ALADY 'to'pUT IN MILI.INEUY
IT wI dnssmaklup Is established. Call Monday
at W- MsdH.n st.
\V AM FU-IdVBJ.US(SS. COTTA i IKI.VKD
IT hip lion«es, st'.n-H and olllrea, fr.r good tenant*.
It, G. GOnI‘WII-1.11, Krai Estate. ITS M.idi-on sU
TVAN'I l-I*—TO Jl’lltK GH PUKCHASK. A -El’
T» i f mlihiJ desks. Address, with price. .SCHOOL.
TlibUlJeellhe.
P/Wi OLhTiUK’KMN OOODOItUKIU’.*:,
sab- eli»«p. Inquire at No. Hi six
t« t nte-st. rftr- PcVtrrk p. m.
TO LEASE.
rno LKASE-iiv H. c. mokey. its west mai-i-
A snu-st., corner lot on Ei.»t Modlwii-st., for
25 CAIS,
40x75, corner SfHrket and Quiooy.
*0 It-. Well* find Mown*.
4-) tt., I?nndobdi. near Market.
A afiigeh.-t of lot* intheWebtDlvbion suitable for
iranulhctericf-
rvb j.EASE—A KAHM. CONTAINING ISA ACHES,
X i:ju ai-rei* under cultivation; 11 acres pa»ture
hnred, balance lu mendow: rltunU-1 ft* miles from
CbJengo, In Kankakee county, four miles bom rail
road comfortable dwelling com crib cap *t>le of eon
tididns bushels com ceuuu slUms stable; jwuioe
t rchurd of 100 ttvii Will t»o rented for n term of
v«nrs. for e:vOi. For pattl. idors Inquire of M. J. GEO
ii AN, at Ur: West Twelfth sU
fllO UKASE—IO LOTS, UAKE-ST.. COUNEIt MAY
X end A I'ii-st a
iriots, Wusbington-pt., comer Sangamon and Pt-o
rin-sts.
L*»t on XcffersoT>-n.,n«ir A*lams-st.
orx.'O feet. Flilh av.. mar Monns'-st.
C hoice bus on llundcdph-st,, near LaSall.^it,
Please examine the ntiove. D. CUI.E *k HON, Real
Estate and House-Renting Agency, is* mw Mad
tOCO-st.
TO LKAjsK— lIUMINKSiS LOTS—
near C* ntre-uv.. >2 1-2 f«*t.
Msdlseu-st.. near Washingtonian Home. 29 feet.
Ijiki'-st.. net r Oiddey-st., SO feet,
Mnr-sl.. near Rnndolph-sl.. 26 2-3 feet.
Unlnnc time and favorable terms. E. R. ROWEN
,t SON. 13 C< ntre-ar.
mo LEASE—LOT I«xt32 FEET. SOUTHEAST
1 crmt-r of StMe and Fonntalae-Ht.. near Ecxaav.
SNYDER A LEE. Real Estate Apcuta, 9 south Hal
ntf-d st.. corner of Randolph. Maaonlc Banding.
6 LEASE VuU B YE.VRS. OR FOR SAI-K-K-O’C
M ccmiT of Jefferson and DeKoveu-sts. In
quire al 319 Ahcrdten-sU
mO LEASE—LOT 25 FEET FRONT. ON THIRD-
X av.. near llnrrlson-st.. near Van Bnren-st. Brick
for sale. SNYDER »t LEE Keal.Estiit* Amenta, No.
5* South lialstfd-st., corner of Randolph-*!:
TO LEASE—(O OR FEET BY 10&.FEET DEEP,
on Waehlngton-st., near Chamber of Commerce,
to he Improved at once with a first-class building for
banking, li'siiranrc. or commercial biuiiiesa. Apply to
i. L. CHAPMAN, ISS East Waslilngton-ht,
To lea'se-on long time, at low rates.
CO feet c-nStato-at., north ot Harrison, near post
ollicc. excellent location. C. ti. WALLER, 52 West
MiiclbsiTt si. I p stairs.
AGENTS WANTED.
Agents wanted—to sell the great
Flro: or Chicago, her past, present, and future.
The origin. progn«s, and results of the Great Chicago
CtmUapratlon; graphic scones, incidents, and details
of the disaster: U«t ot U«j principal hankers, manufac
turers, and merchants who are lo*crs; a complete pic
tnre of Chicago, before and after the fire; me trade
and commerce ot Chicago, and details of Its municipal
aCairs, aud the great flws of tbo world, by Geo. P.
Upton and James Sbeaban. Associate Editors of The
Chicago Trlhoue. Abookofaboutlsopairc«,miifltrst.
edbribe test musts, and wilibo worthy the coafl
dence of all. W 111 be sold exclusively by subscription.
A pen to Tran ted la every town, Address UNION
Agents tv anted-s lx agents wanted to
sell AVbecler <t Wilson sewing machlßM. To those
who Ihorcmsbly niMlcretand the Wheeo*r A WlLwa
machine a Übcrml salary or commlsaloa will be given.
W. M. STODDARD, Agent for the Paelflo Coast, C 7
Montpomery-Bt., Ban Francisco. Cal
Agents wanted —tts to im a day, in
every county In tbo United States, to sell a newly
patented article of great utility and absolutely needed
m every household. For further particulars address
THE CHAMPION MANUFACTURING COM
PANY, Cleveland, O
A GENTS WANTED-4ISO A MONTH I BMPLOY
mentl Extra inducements I A premium horse
and wagon for agents. Ws desire to employ agents t
for a term of seven years to aall the Buckeye f2O ivhut-
Ue Sewing Machine. It make* a sUtch alike on both
sides, ann is the best lowjrieed Ueensed machine In
the worlA W. A. HENDERSON dt CO., deveUad,
0., or St. Lonls, Mo.
Agents wanted—the great Chicago
nre. The crowning horror ot the nineteenth ccn
tury. iff.ooo poiwona reduced to beggary. Fearful
scene#: m-art-rending incidents. LOw copies of this
book wiling per day. Sample copy, post paid 55 cents.
Tills book contains a splendid map. UhutraUoqa and
a very lull history, Andress J. w. QOODSPEfiD,
Chicago. Cincinnati, or SL Louis.
Agents wanted-?* to tio per day can
he made by either w*x. with my new article*
Sample# sent tree, C. hL LIN IN GTON, 33 West Mou
roe-Bt, Chicago-
Agents wanted—everywhere for the
Home orood’a People, The grradestand moat
sncceMilnl new book onL One agent took 114 orders in
io dsrs. Our circulars (sent free) will civo full partic
ulars, Itrnin. etc. Address M. A. PjOULER i CO.,
152 Booth Morgan-aL, Chicago, IQ.
Agents wantbd-in every town and
county to sell the latest and most no\ el invontiou
for marVluc linen, books, cants, etc. Keml for elrcutu*
to A. 5L RICHARDSON, General Wcotem Agent, 123
South »aogamon-st. Chicago.
A CENTS WASIEfr-FIRST CLASS CANVAS*
sets, at the office of the Gold Medal Sexvliur Ma
chine. atcj West Madison at Extraordinary Induce
meat*.
Agents wanted—to sell the new
pocket map of Cblejico. llthgraphed in colors, by
mall KV and stamp. GARDEN CITY LITJI. CO., 30
West Madison-st.
Agents wanted experienced can
vaster*. Clergymen, and students—t-» sell the
Tlihiorv nl Rrtnatostn tiltoatiau-dX. Fn>m the i-attWi
Krlod’to the present time. By Rev. J. Dnwllns. D.
Sold onlr hr subscription. Apply at lO x\ est
Washington-*!.. Rooms 5 and c.
Agents wanted-to sell a true and
large photograph of the Chiojco nuns. Person#
abroad &ius enclose fl for simple and information.
Address 4M South Hal»ted-eV, Chicago. JOHN A.
THOMPSON.
a GENTS CAN MAKE PER MONTH IN
i% yelling grng door bells in different towns aryl vu.
Rages. Only t»-n minute*' work to adjust one. Andress
J. HAYS. 51 Smth Halstod sh. Chicago. lIL
UACBjX£BT<
Ames* engines, portable ato ahorse
power: threshing. Sand 10-horse: circular saw
mills, Forsmcm's gUndlng mills, com sheuers, belting,
etc. COLLINS EATON, Agent, 70 Sooth CMUd-et
Tp.T A-v:nv>M STATIONARY AND PORTABLE
JsEngines and saxnnni*,Danl«ls Woodworth’s plan
crs. saw ticker and moulder, shaping machines and
mortising machine*, as Canal-st. F. W-NORTHROP,
A gait.
For bale-one two hundred horse
power low pressure beam engine, with threo tuba
inr boners and their connections lo pert .y;t order. Oe«t
*12,000: price 15JOL K. R WINCHESTER CO.,
456 ami «o Federalßoston.
TyOR SALE-CHEAP—ONE 20-HORSE POWER
JT portable engine, nearly new. Apply at +M Slate
nt.
P)K SALE—W OR ,V> FEET OF HEAVY SHAFT
ingwith bevel wheeU and pulleyn, cheap for cash.
A. N. KELLOGG, 63 Sontb C*na>-*t.
TSOR SALE—CHEAP, A SMALL SCREW CUT
JT ting lathe, with loot and power motion also, vice
and lathe toolsenn be ne<m, at Sfl~\Vllm)u-eL
TawACItINERY—B HAFT ISO. ./FUIAEYS. AND
JU. hanger*: maehlnc* for folding shirt fronte;all
kinds of fiaprored machine* for making paper boxes;
Mtwtf collar machines of* the mort laiprovnd styles: ex
nerlmcutal machlnerr and models: manhtoerr furnish
to loser* by tho Are at reduced ptlees, tIJXV-M. TOL
HORMTB Machine Work*. Troy» N.Y, P.H—Agent
wanted to Chicago.
■WANTED —TO TRADE WISCONSIN LAND,
will, cash, for engine and boiler. ANTHONY,
Tribune
XVANTL’D —A SMALL sF‘-ONI».TIAND STEAM
tt uuiup will, l ias.« plunger; al-o, a
r,i..- ot.tx rl «iid —*lT Adilr.'ftx, stating tonus.
iiUsVih^BoLCi,
BOAKDIKG AITD XODGINO.
sornr may-st.—pleasant front par.
i i»«r. KRuahie ror ttro gentlemen, with board; also,
iVyK.-jiifiit'To. Reference required.
Oil W;VASTAV,-A GENTLEMAN AND WIFE.
freutlenu-a, can find a lar<re front
rr.iiTj", w.tl. clcovr. In private family, situated near the
Ltuuntun Ilcnsc. half Mock from street cars, and two
Mocks from steam cars. Stable accommodations if
r<-<jHiT»d. Txtmf* moderate. Kelirencerrqaired.
•2?
AIiKKDhKN-bT.-ONK SUITE OP VERY
•mtm d»t.irablefrontrooms,fornlihctiorunfurnished.
t'» nut. with beard; all modern Improvements; also a
boarder* can be accommodated.
Q(\ AMEKDEEN-ST.—ONE SUITE OP PLEAS
yv «*t tooQi4 and one large mom, with board: loca
♦.<'HT*-ry r.ntral; honao with all modem improve-
OiU.ti-; IVcUCUh*.
PLEASANT PARLORS
xirrui.«brd and board for two genth-men and
wives; bi'jije diat-class. and good location: terms
iM4i«rtitt% Bt-fm-nct a required.
4-1 HrwT^V?, 1 lf' T 31 HW TABER. FOB
ffw«iay^nnler?7 Mlchi saa a T can accommodate a
4.1 oU cakpsnter.st~6ne door
tr_lfjom \t aehlncfon. A private familr will let
fundMivd bedmem* on first floor. Fire and lights.
A S' SOUTH CARPENTER, NEAR WASHING.
trO fnjrteo—Pleasant rooms and fir»tclotu board
:«r g. utl« man and wife or single gentlemen. Aiy,
two da, boarder* wanted.
flfia S«*UTH M.AV-bT., BETWEEN WASHING.
Men and Moaliwm—A good sized lumUheA room.
«llh bf an!, tire. go*, bath, Ac., suitable for gentleman
aMlwlieor twu geutlemen.
W W ALNUT-ST.—SIX GENTLEMEN BOARD,
yd (Thwlio desire early breakfast, caa find good
Rrrenircfdntlons st reasonable prices.
CENTKEAV.—PLEASANT ROOM*. EN
\/Meutte «>r single, whb board; bom*e with modern
in pi<rmmoots: midway between Madison and Van.
hi:iri<-«ts. car lines.
/•K AREKTEEN-ST.—TWO GENTLEMEN CAN
\l l*e a«o tmuoCaird with Urtt-clasa board and
P>*nu-l frent rt* m. with alcove.
ARK A V.—DESIRABLE LOG VTfON,
\J IJlargo unfamlnhed front room, with modem con-
VTUlcpcrs; dret-claen board; G o’clock dinner*.
f- K SOUTH MOHGAN-bT.-A FEW DAY BOARD-
I e) era wanted.
DOUGLAS PLACE-HOARDING AND LODO
tf -fc U.g can be obtained for gentlemen at a reason
aide rate.
QQ ABHLAND-AV.—A GENTLE STAN AND
U O wife, or two single gentlemen, ton Ijo accom*
tm dated with rooms and board, furnished or uufnr
nin) td. in a private family. Best of reference ro
qniud.
1 tf> SOUTH lIALRTED-ST.—A FEW OEN
XX jZ thrmen con be accomraMlated with good tablfe
l«oa»d, ieas«inablo.
/J TUROOR ST.—BO-VRUAND FUBNISIPED
JL J. O rooms for alnglo gentlemen In m private
family.
nff SOUTH SANGAMON ST.—A FEW BOARD-
I er* ronld be accommodated with jAbaaant
rooms. Would take a few day boarders al*o.
1£)1 KOrTH REORIA-sT.—TO RKNT..MITH
J £iX hoard—A htminhed rwm lorgeutlmna and
wife, cr two single gentieiucn.
QO COTTAGE RBOV&AV.-TWO FRONT
rooms handsomely fnrnished with board:
al>o. one-large unfurnished room house and surround
ings fir>£-claos. Rcft-rencci requimL
tAO TWENTY-TUIUIWST.. BETWEEN W.V.*
A-~t£l bush and Mlchigan-ava.—Parlor to rent- for
business purposes; also front chamber, with bedroom
attached, and room for two gentlemen, with board.
References required.
1 K ft WEifT UK&ST.-S E\V MARBLE FRONT
i.w\) building. corner Union. in centre of business.
Table board first-class. Old prices.
1 XP WEST APAMS-ST.-A PLEASANT FUR.
Xt)l) ulshcd room with board.
1 m PA UK* A V.—ROOMS TO KENT, WITH
J “JJ.first cla.Ha board, in a private family.
If* A WEST WASHINGTON-ST.-A FEW PER.
1 4: hods can by accommodated with firotvlaes
day board and dinner, at old priced.
0/\£> COI.FAX.AV., FOUR DOORS NORTH OF
£,\f *4 Douglas-place. of South Park-av.—A
.»ult,-i.f three rooms unfurnished, and two furnished
io» nu>. with board. House modern. Terms moderate.
Q(\A WEST WAnUINgToN-ST.-FUKNISH
id rooms, with hoard; also. two largo par.
hr*, suitable for office or busluen* purposes; day
tK'nnlcis aicnnmiodated.
o*l/• TWENTV.NINTII.ST., BETWEEN WA.
W-l “>ha*.h and Michigan-av*.—one from, nicely fur
nished ns-ni, and one back room, with boanL
QO.< I'AUK-AV.-TWO OK THREE HOARD
er> isii find plea-;uit Louie in a private fam
ily: ndetem e riqiliriiL
Ol)C MON HOE-ST.—BOARD AND ROOMS FOB
m Ouetitleinen and wives, or single gentlemen:
hi U’k hi tn-e. modem Improvements, two blocks from
two »tr* t rnilio.-uK
OA *r WENT MuNUOK-ST,—L"NFL*ItNISUKD
•“re/ frent stipe. ‘no, single room to rent, with
bejtid. Tetnis leOM'imhle.
4>/{Q WAIIASH.AV.-BOABR.AND ROOM Foil
Jm \Jtj l«n rviitli men; tins lem improvement*.
0/*/\ KV [.TON HM~IIKD ROOM ~TO
*m\r*f let hr gentleman and wife, or two niaglo gcu
tb men. with bm.nl.
1)1*1 MH lIKiAN-AV.—A «CITE OF FRONT
iiuj. reoiiis. wSHi tmanh
I>T~VAN RUBKN-ST.—BOARD AND
Ol) n niimMlioiis room, fur gcnUaman and wife,
nr two LT!-tle:ueD, v. Im would room tugotlicr.
7>(y/\ WEST "waAi!iNGTtIX-ST—A SUITI-fTIF
m«M/ nnlninishid front rooms and odd large fur*
nblu-d 11 nni, all tt Uiucled: bath room ou souio floor,
ju v. ly p; ihti d olid paiultd, to rvut aeiioratoly Of to
gether. with board.
OHO Ft-'l*l ON-sT.. BETWEEN CURTIS AND
*mif «/May—A suite of front rooms on tccond Hoop;
aboMii- criwn single toems to rent, with IwanL
ACCOSfMODATE
o\*\> a centli-man and wile with boarti In a private
family; ci tnpatiy more of an objivt than price.
A MICHIGAN-AV.—ELEGANT ROOMS FOR
OJ.V penih nun. nr holy and gentleman. First
ila>n table. Gr-oii company.
QOC PARK-AV.—TWO GENTLKMEM. OR A
Dm/O pi-ntleiiuin and wife, ran find a pleasant suite
el MK-uv*, vtuh buaivl. in u private taiuUy on tho West
Hide.
0 4/* went madinon-nt.—fLrit.v/H/ri:n
fn.nt loom, siutobio for two: also single
nHiins. with bi ani: unfnniislitil front imrlur.
QA r~ HUl'Tlf IMRK AV V FRONT
04:4 chamber, with alcov«>. closet, Iwlh, ita, to
tent with boatvl, to gvntlvuian and wife. Terms rwa
soiuiblo.
QKO ADAMS.ST.—TD RENT. WITH BOARD.
u»J tel a large furnished Hunt-parlor.
qkq"west"baniioi,i*/isr.-lanooßs east
Owu of Ann—Two largo furni-hed rooms, with
beard. suitable for 4 gentlemen. Also, a smaller room
fi.r uue or two gentlemen.
•»£*4 WEST KANDOI.I'IIST.—FURNISHED
OOrftr front loom to mit, with hoard, for two or
three gentlemen, orgeniloumnand wUo. Day boarders
wanted.
A MICHIGAN-AV.—MBDIUU.HIZ&DUOOU
O 1 rt: t-nitftble for twtv single gentlemen. Also,
soperior day hoard. For Jirskcmss parties only.
MICHIGAN AV.-A FEW DAY BOARD
OOx ers ncconimodutcd.
QQCT ADAMS-ST.-ONE PI.KAS.VNT. UNFUR
-o**r> nlshrd front nx>m. one furnished, to rent with
Imard. term** moderate.
AA (i WEST. RANLOLPII-ST.—lO ROARDEUS
*dkrr<f wanted per neck rooms newly sttod op:
street car passa* hy,
.MIl’H LARGE, FAMILY
trO*! front room for rein: few day hoarders
wanted.
A ftQ CI fNTON. JUST NORTH OP TWELFTH
■XVfO bt —Two gentlemen, with their wives, can
obtain bontd for the winbT; other boarders. Those
having objection to children need a*t apply: unexcep
tionable nfetcueea required.
A QQ BU HNS IDK-ST.—BETWEEN TWENTY
rxtfxJ ninth and Thlrtletb-Ms., one block wc*t of-
Plate, room* and board for single gentlemen. Evety
tliing new and reasonable rates.
fT/*A MICHIGAN AV.-TO RENT, WITH
»)t)tr board, a suite of rooms In prirsto
family for gentleman and wife, or two single g«*iUo
men.
f»Af? MICHIOAN-AV—LARGE PLEASANT
<>l/e/ room. furnishedor unfnrnishcd, with boanL
AAA WABASH-AV.—A LARGE FRONT ROOM
DUy and dreeing room to not with board.
DWR WABASJI-AV.-FUBNIKHED ROOMS.
Oiy with hoard, for two gentlemen. Also, day
boarders wanted.
Pin A MICHIGAN-AV.—ROOMS AND- HOARD
4 46b for 3or 4 .-Ingle gentlemen. Two doors south
of Twcnty-second-nt,
S’Tfi WARASH-AV.—ROOM TO RENT WITH
4 0 boaui. ami day boarder* accommodated: also
a spacious bam to rent, suitable for livery or store
bouse.
QQf INUIANA-AV.—To RENT WITH BOARD
O Ovc rooms furnished or unfurnished; also, a few
day boarders accommodated.
IHfJC INDTANA-AV.. NEAR TWENTY-
IvOa third-sL—Handsomely furnished front
room (with alcove and three front windows! and board;
also, a well furnished room and board; in each case for
gentleman and wife, or two gentlemen. No single ap
§llcatlons wanted. A chance not offered every day.
‘list-class society, table, and attendance. All modem
Improvements.
1 A *7A l WABASH AV.—VERY PLEASANT
J- V 1 (umlrihcd room.w or unfurnished, except
curtniup and carpets, witli boattl. In a private family.
’IA'TA WABASHA V. —A FRONT
Xv 1 \>ro4>m and bedroom to rent, with board, to
two ynnng centlemcn willing to room together, in a
private familv.
11 AT STAT&HT, TWO RESPECTABLE
.1 X\*X vnunir men can find n good room and board
in a private family, with tho comforts of a homo dur
insihe winter.
T*| A K MICHIG.VN-AV,—MARBLE FRONT
J—Lvtf/ hou.-e. furnL-lnil rrsmis and boanl, for two
or time genthmen In a private family.
A GENTLEMAN A.NII WIFE CAN BK PLEAS
n«Uy arc ounccA-AM in a private family un Wa
hash-av., ni i.r Address M ABASH,
with references, cure Tribune branch office, Wa
ba-h-av.
A CHOICE BACK PARLOR FOR TWO GKNTLE
tuen. with lv*>ard. la every reepeef: We**t
Side. In central ba.slnv-se pan. Address CENTRAL,
Tribune cfllce.
APLEASANTSr'tTE or FRONT ROOMS. WITH
board, in a private faaillr, famished or unfurnish
ed. Apply at 2Sd W«*t Monroe-*t.
A GENTLEMAN AND WIFE WISHING A
front alcove room, with l*oard. in private family,
on one of the avenu«». near linsfoe-'*, can bear of a
by addressing MASONIC. Tribune
Elegantly furnished room, with
pood iwwrd. for two gentlemen; everything de
sirable. Address UNION PARK, Tribune office.
Fob gentleman and wife only, one
largo unfurnished front room and alcove room;
has two largo clowt*. three aonth window?, and is
healed from furnace References given and required.
Apply to BANGS BROS.. No. £T3 State-st.
GENTLEMEN BOARDERS WANTED NEAR
Union Park. Pleasant rooms and eood board.
Terms xnodvr.ue. Address 4W. Tribane office.
I«AN ACCOMMODATE A GENTLEMAN AND
wife with a very nicely room and board,
for moderate terms, or suite of unfurnished rooms.
Address HAMILTON. Tribune office,
Lodging with boa up. a large front
room, fiimlet»*si or unfurnished. suitable fopgen
tleman and wife or two or three oluftlc gentlemen, 7th
door vmth cf Twelfth on Indlana-av. B. K.
COWLES.
Pleasant accommodations fortiiree
voting men at CS> Michigan-a v. Terms reasona
ble. References exchanged
ONE OB TWO STEADY Rr'SINEs.S OR PRO
fesslooal men can find a ptceuftat iiotna tr a< i.
dreeing ki. u s SMITH, ns Park-av.
mnREK NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH
JL N>nr»l. lu a private family; flr«t-cl.vs house, pheas
ant locjillrr on We*t Side, live blocks e*«tof Union
lark. References exchanged. Address Co r. Tribune
office.
WEFT SIPE-TWO VOUNO GENTLEMEN
cannnd a pb*M«xtst rmrt board In privuto
family, in pood location, by adtDtMSlnc G E, Tribune
ftill u
rORSALE.
J er,»u|>h te -st a bargain. Or w«mid contmrt tvr
bitihUrg and use the same. Address, D* Dougias
ph-cc. _ _
•»soil il.E— AT VKITv *T.OW PItrCE*—AISOJ’T
.1 r-.il. r..i..r.ir.—..c.-,.'i.Tii..:ai
rrtVf. suns, asvmmi.m, I
\v* a*. it-
BOARfi WANTED.
relic* ofthe late Are. wUh loengogtsalargelron*.
room, or snlte of room*. In a first-class private famllf*
on the South Side, 'where there are so other hoarder*.
Addreaa tVILLIAMH. 761 Wabaah-av.
OARD —BY A AND IVIFK.
ta J BDfnrnWiwl room with modorn toiprorempot*:
prefer i*rtT»to family: vicinity of ’W»jhlagt«)n-»L aca
union Park; will give fraUatactory referuncoA AJ
c 8 G, Tribune
Board— and furnisuedrooms. modern
Improvements, trith fiwt-class private family. near
Union Park, fur self and wife. Aadrva.4, with number
and price. UNION PARK, care of Tribune office.
Board a furnished room. with
board, for one or two gentlemen. Address, with
particular PB M. Tribune office.
BOARD— WILL FURNISH THREE ROOMS,
and let some furniture. Firstciaaa accommoda
tions dcslrt-d. Best of references. Address .TEL
Board— a furnished room on the went
Side, with or without board, by a gentleman ami
wife. AfldrcM, stating location and terms, to N B.
Tribune office.
TTiOAHD—WANTED BY GENTLEMAN AND
fl mife in a pleaaaxrc locality.*! moderate price. Ad.
dre**, stating terms f&nd location, to X is: Tnbana
cfficc.
BOARD— MY A BUSINESS 3LIN WITH FRONT
Mitinc room and bedroom oft for self and wife,
and lx>y 4 years old. In a respectable .private family.
C ood references required. Give location and price. I
wenlrt rtnt 3or 4 rooms firrnl*hed for housekeeping, i*
eultable locaUm, Ac. Address MONTANA, Tribune
office.
BOARD-TWO UT)Y TEACHERS DESIRK
rontn and Mard in a pleasant hsimrllke family,
ideation. «-»n ot mato and north of Thirtieth Ad
Cits*, Mating terms and locaffon. 8, 7>o Stalest.
B°f U.D-NEAR THE CARPENTER. SCHOOL
single room. Addn-sa TDOi Tribune office, eta Oar
terms.
Board —and well-furnished room for
grnOeniau and wife; state price and Jocattdm.
AddresH CEO. CHISHOLM. 19« Wi-,i MarUson-st.
BOARp-FORGENTLEMAN ASD WIFE: AM>
Maple cvntleman. bide, n.-su- Twentr-sec
omUt. Adiln-M FRENCH. 30* Grove-st.
Board— by young gentleman onnorth
Side; private family preferred. C. care Carrier
BOARD-A SINGLE GENTLEMAN WISITEH A
pWasant room and goad board with a family
wj s er«- there arc tow or no other board-rs; locsUoa
cat Side, west ot Hal,-ted; breakfast 7 to dinner*-
to 7. Will pay lair price. Addiees ZY, Tribune sf-
BOARD —BY TWO YOUNG GENTI.KMKN.
wuh pleasant, cicely furbished room, in private
family, between May imil Green. iV’ushlngtun m*
Aiism*. Address WTS.2I* Randolpb-st.
Board— by a young jian on thf; south
Hide. Addreas, euting terms, etc., SECURITY,
TnT.nr.o office.
Board— rva young man good board in a.
Calbrlic family, within 10 or M mtnntes* walk freta
corner of Lake and Carpenter. Refonnci-s riven.
Address, stating terms, cff.. HUGO, Tribune office.
BOARD-BY FOUR YOUNG GKNTLKMRN
in a small family, with furnished rooms,
south Side, north of TweuvT-M-coad-st.; miL-t bo titsv
cl*hs ia every re*pe<L Addre«a, HUH, Trlbons
office.
BOARD —SINGLE BO3M. WITH BOARD.'
Soeth Side preferred. Address HB P, Tribune
office. 40* Wabash-av.
LOST ANX^FOtnro.
Lost —a large-sized gentlemans
trunk, marked W, K. Kniabt. Chicago. Tiro same
WMwn going south onMbhljran-ar. some da v* after
the fire. A description of the vehicle and driver U1»
tlie hands of the police. To save trouble and to be r*.
paid for Ita care, it moat be returned to owner, care J.
W. DOAJTE A CO., at once.
LOST— MONDAY EVENING of tiik great
fire, earner Twelfth and Canal-st*.. from a dray, a
tin box, marked A. McCoy,” the propertv of imut
McCoy, lately of Crosby's Opera House. Contain*
nothing of value to any one but the owner. The finder
will be liberally rewarded, and no questions asked. by
leaving the some at the office of tho Chicago Tribune
No. ifi Canal-eL Owner may be addressed at Book*
ford, TIL
Lost— on the morning of tiik fire a
bay horse with harness. with white star on fore,
head and white on right hind leg. Tho finder will be
liberally rewarded on retnrnln War to ACS South
Clark, w South Jefferson-st.
Lost— night of fire, six cromoh, two
steel engraving*. mirror, music book, small pia
ture.tled together.’- Were pul la an oyster wagoocw
PcaJlsini st., near Post Office. plooso return t0235
West Madlsou-st., or stale vrb**ro they can lx* found.
The name of s. Gotten is pencilled on tho pictures.
Lust-taken from the platform odt.
side the railroad track, near I. C. it-H. Depot, o%
the night of Monday, October 9, a dentist’s operatise
table; Idnck walnut, five drawers, top and one draw* 1
lined with crimson merino. a reward will bo paid foe
its return to VS Michlcan-flv.
IOST— ON THE MORNING OF THE FIRM, A
i trunk limited Stone, Wakemsn. Ohio.** A,
litoral reword will is* paid for the name, and no ques
tion* asked Tiy W C M. 357 West MniUson-nt.
LOST— DURING THE FIRE. LEDGER AND
Journal, marked E*bilo Ik A. Alec*mler,’*
•■Trust Kuna.” and other account hooka belonging to
Alexander estate, left In I-ake Piirk. front of Mlchlgaw
nv. A literal reward will be paid for tho above. J.
B, WALLER. K! West MadLson-st.. niestoln*.
N I'—OCT. 27, ON tVKST ADAMSST., lUTN
die <f of bidding. HANK RICE, 119 South Ilia-
T UsT—<ia) _ REWARD—ON THE* DAY OF TUB
JLi gnmt lire.u violin, tu a black case, Tlie nbovere
wml will bn given, and no questions asked, to aayoM
rtlumlng it to ICI Park-av.. or MOMicUipm-av.
X t)*ST—s K ETC U-ROO K. MARKED JA-S. A.
JLi Wales, The finder will lie n*w»Dle*l bv rcturalnx
same to J AS. A. WAKES, GO BundolpU-sh, cure Of
Raker A Co.
LOST —A CARBI AO E AN D A POR-
Ut.u of a buper harness, rn Ualsteilot. Friday
evening. The parties who picked them up will b*
liberallv jewanu-d by reluming them to tliv ownorM
No.ir-oWcst Washinirton st. J. L.CAMPBELL.
X O-ST—AT CODA'S RESTAURANT. 5W M’BS'F
J_i lAko-st., or on street, a gold earring with raised
scroll ami pearl; pendant had gold Irimre and peert.
The finder will by well rewarded by leaving won! at
the ttetanrant.
X OHT—t>N THE NIOUT OKTUK FIHK. SOP-
Ju poionl to bare been left nt some house on the Wool
Hide. VTvliso. double locks and cfltchv*. New
A'oik city Express or hotel label on bottom. BuxiSS
Chicago Vo-t Office.
Lost-on the night of the oke.vt fibh
a &iqeU loy boroo with web baiter, hindleg
r-aruy white, heavy mono and tall, welch* atmutMO
lbs, was lost mhui on IJncoln or. ami Dircrsey-nt- grv
Inc northeast. Any informatl 'a given will be liber
ally row arded by rojiorting the same to BNDEB A
MYERS. IM Thlnl-av.
Lost— out. a small rosewood writing
desk, the top Inlaid with poarl; the contents wers
btatiom.iv. luttrrs. and a daguerreotype. Thn Under
will im rewarded by leaving it at the store of W. it
W» Thlrd-nv., corner of Harrison; or at iny
house. gM CalnoKt-gv.. W. B. BURBANK.
LObT-A LIBERAL REWARD WILL BK PAID
for a isiuik, marked Mrs. O. 11. Giles. Chicago.**
and contents lost on Lake Park the morning of th*
great fire. Address 777 West Adams-at.
FOCND-A LADY'S BREAST-PIN. OWNER
can rerover hy railing at 10f8 IndJana-ar.. proving
property, and paying cost of this notice. Call at noo*
time, or m evening.
ITIOUND —TRUNK CONTAINING CLOTHING
for children and school books, marked Walker.**
Inquire at Omaha Stables, corner Twenty-third
Ftate-st. M. C. WILBUR.
FOUND-NOV. 11, A HOUSE WHICH TUB
owner ran have hy proving property and paying
Charges at 191 West Kinzlc-st. ANDREW JAICKrt.
Found the party that put cigar
sign and show case with some books on drsyon
North-ar. Oct. 9. can find same by calling at 233 Fimt
i»t. and paying charges.
STRAYED OR STOLEN —TUESDAY NIGHT,
Nov. 7. from the barn No. 4W Bnmsldo-at. tw%
bar horses, weight about l.«C0 pounds each one borso
old and knoo-eprung, 2 white bind feet, and had a sett
on bis rnmp: the other was a very fine young hors*
with one white hind foot. A liberal reward will bo
paid for their return to the above place.
STRAYED AWAY—FROM 3M WEST TWENTY
recond Ht.. a dntk bay horse, with a white alarm
his forehead, about 9 rears old, weight between 800
and 900 pounds. Any information will be thankfully
retired at J. WisiIARTS Bakery, No. 166 West Har
tison-st. A reward wlO be given.
STRAYED —BLACK lIOR6K. Util HANDS
blah, about 6 years old. with a little white In face;
brought In bv police. Inquire of JOHN J. BROWN,
1 10 West Mailison-st.
The person who took a concord open
buggy, with plated dash rail, wooden boot, covered
with leather, from Pennoyer Co.’s house, comer ot
Wabash-av. and Congress-aL, will please return UtA
same place and nave himself trouble.
CK REWARD—STRAYED FROM 4S» WEST
VO Taylor-et, a low sired oow, with short tail,
part cut off, and large horns well raised up. Any per
son giving such Information as win lead to the recov
ery of said cow will get the above reward. PATRICK
BRADY.
(£»S REWARD—STRAYED FROM 430 WEST
Q?s> Taylnr-st.. a low-sized red cow. with short tall,
part cut off. and large boms, well raised up. Any per*
son giving such Information as will lead to the recov
ery ot said cow will get the above reward. PATRICK
BRADY.
REWARD—FOB THE RETURN OFTRUNK
VG lost on the night of tho lire, between Monroa
and Dearborn-sts.. to H. F. FRENCH, 361 Wabash
av„ corner Harrison.
C*l A REtVARD—LOST—AN INSURANCE POL
OJ-” icy (of no use to anybody except owner) fn fa
vor of S. B. Burgee A Co. Any person returning tho
same to owners at 266 West Madison-sf, or at residence
7M cmtoU-kt. will confer a great favor and receive tha
above reward.
CST A REWARD—LOST FRO3I NEAR THK
<SXI/ corner of West Lake and} Sangamon sto.. on
Oct. to, a black and too d«p. ears not cat, a small snot
on hU side where the hair had been burned off. a few
white hairs on his breast, answers to the name at
Rattler. Anr ono returning him to 1185 Pxairie av.
will rtceivo the above reward.
/*VI A REWARD STRAYED FROM TH*
SI.U premises. «K West Madison-st. October 27.
a light britnUo cow. Tho above reward will bo paid
for her return.
S*-/\ reward-lost, morning or thh
t)\J firo.October 9. top bufferboilt by McFaduie.
newly painted, light reu running year. black body,
drab npholrt* ring. Above reward will bo paid to
party delivering it at srhouth Jcfferson-at.
C*K A BEWABD-W3LL BE PAID FOB THE
<SO" return of ooji black torse. 7 years old. lef*
hind foot white, dim «ar In forehead, and rae bright'
bar re are taken from the ShortaU Fum 2 miles South
of Tine D-land, Dr. M. W. CASE, 536 Stok-st,. op
M4G State-st.
Cl ft A REWARD-STOLEN DURING THE FTHK,
OOU a t*ide spring Concord bugay. painted UJack.
bine padded cloth cushion#. from Pennoyrr's Novelty
XTotV*. JOHN H. ROSS. IH7Michlgan-av.
FOR SALE.
*C'OR BALE— SAFE—VERY LOW—MARVIN’S
X 1 njake, with boraUr-proof cheat, combination lock*,
me inside. 2 feet high and-wide, and l footflnchw
deep; nearly new and in perfect order. Address JAB.
ItENBY, Room 17,130 Broadway, New York City.
Fob sale—damaged grain at thb
burnt elevators, in large or small quantities. Dis
tillers trill find this a rare opportunity to secure ch«*y
grain. Apply on the premises or to JOHN McOLAS
HAS, No. S3 Sooth Conal-ek; fnitragw-
For sale—aw doz. abut flannel huuits
cheap, in quantities to suit, at PRJCEjKOoEN,
BLATT A CO.*H, H7 Twenty-* econd-st.
FOR SALE—stone canal boat for PALE
cheap, or to exchange for personal property. Ad
dress J. it. C., Tribune office.
I?OR SALE—BRICK—FROM 5P.000 To W'A
cleaned and ready for delivery. To be seen corner
of Ca*# and TUlnr»is-Kt#._s. M.KALKj
TnOK HALE—BRICK. J.F. BCANLAN, M "TriT
J?
with kitchen, and 3 rooms upstair*.
r1- r i7 Ai■— LDOO.nOO RED .VND VKL
BISMbLL. si We-*t R.md»lph-*t.
—TAn' C.Ir—LKASE OF STORE, 30X88 FEET.
OI 1b a”i*tory brick building, in the iiiwt frequent-
==X- H KA i^a'fine standing black W.uT-
F°nutdoek, at 15 West Randolph->-t.
L t cheap. Call #t comer of Wells and Hlchi
r-nJ'-ntsT, North Shle. _
gALE—WH KELB A BROWS. BY THP.
I -4 itez'Unr slncle. *>howV». picks, aviM, etc., at 4T
Wert HUNT A CO.
t OK *FA I.E—PASS TO BUFFALO. ADDJ
JC- J H, Tribune office.
■j-OIT H.fl.E-A HANDSOME SET OF MINK
I* cm; vi*i\ low; *T> If t-Aeu todsy;
i.i w Uxn be- i-.-u at No. b- Wl>m -*t. A eat
3