OTJB RUTH'S.
START S. HAMILTON.
Ye smouldering piles and crumbling walls,
How dark a shadow from you falls!
How bleak you seem, by night or day
How many hopes you've swept away I
Strangers will long, admiring, stand
Before your arches, high and grand
And wonder at your beauty rare.
What, e’en in ruins, looks so fair.
But tre, who with our city fell.
Whose sufferings pen could never tell,
Whose hearts were burned with woe andpain,
.As loved ones perished in the flame.—
TTe mourn amid your stately gloom,
As friends around a cherished tomb;
And raise above a silent prayer
To keep our lives from cold despair.
Beneath yonr mined greatness lie
Tho choicest stores from distant sky—
Tho rich man’s wealth, the poor man’s cares—
The weary toil of many years.
The merchants’ ledgers—all consumed—
His costly wares from mine and loom—
These buried deep in ashes lie,
.Shrowdcd with dreams of future joy.
The long-kept treasures of our homes,
Tho letters of the aosent ones.
The portraits of the lost and dear.
The little locks of sunny hair.
And is there no sweet Joy wells up
From this our bitter, bitter cup 1
Yes I svmputby from distant lands.
And bread from warm and liberal hands;
But, creator still, a Father’s love,
Who rules around, beneath, above;
Ami from the darkest night can bring
a morning bright as beauteous spring.
GENIUS IN THE SIERRAS,
One October day, as Kaweahand I travelled
by ourselves over a lonely foothill trail, I
fell la wondering if ever an artist should
.arise to paint our Sierras as they are, with
nil their color glory, innumerable pine, and
countless pinnacle gloom of tempest or splen
dor, where rushingYight shatters itself upon
granite crag, or burns in dying rose upon far
fields of snow.
Had I nibbed Aladdin’s lamp? A turn in
the trail brought suddenly in view a man
who sat under shadow of oaks, painting upon
n kirgo canvass.
As I approached, the artist turned half
.round upon his stool, rested palette and
brushes upon one knee, and in a familiar tone
said: “Dem’d if yon ain’t just naturally
ketched-mo at it. Get off and set down.
You ain’t going for no doctor, I know.”
My artist was of short, good-natured,
butcher-boy make-up, dressed in what had
-formerly been black broadcloth, with an en
livening show of red llaunei shirt about the
throat and wrists, and a considerable display
of the same where his waistcoat might ouco
have overlapped a strained but yet coherent
waistband. The cut of these garments, by
length of coat-tail and voluminous leg,
proudly asserted a Bay” origin. His small
lect were squeezed into tight, shore boots,
with high, raking heels.
A round face, witli a full mouth, noncom
mittal nose, and black, protruding eyes,
showed no more sign of the ideal tempera
ment than did the broad jianb upon his
square yard of canvass.
Going to Copples!” inquired, my friend.
That was my destination, and I answered,
Yes.”
“That’s me,” he ejaculated. “Right over
there, down helow those two oaks! Ever
there
No.”
“My studio’s there now; giving impress
ive accent to the word.
Ail the while these few words were passing
he scrutinized mo with unconcealed curios
ity, puzzled, as well as ho might he, hy my
dress and equipment. Finally, after I had.
tied Kaweah to a tree and seated myself hy
the easel, and after he had absently rnhhed
some raw sienna into his little store of n lute,
he softly ventured;
Was you looking out a ditch V 1
41 No,” I replied.
lie neatlj* rubbed np tho white and sienna
with his blender,” unconsciously adding a
dash of Veronese green gazed at my leg
cings, then at tho barometer, and, again meet
i u my eye with a look as if he feared I might
be'a disguised Duke, said in slow tone, with
Tivpliens of silence between each two sylla
bles, giving to his language all the dignity of
an unabridged "Webster, I would take
pleasure in stating that my name is Hauk G.
Smith, artistand, seeing me smile, ho re
laxed a little, and, giviugthehlenderanother
vigorous twist, auded, “I would request
Mr. Smith, having learned my name, occu
pation, and that my home was on the Hud
ton, near New York, quickly assumed a fa
miliar me-and-yon-old-fel’ tone, and rattled
on merrih about his winter in New York
spent in going through the Academy,”—a
period of deep moment to one who before
that only painted wagons for a livelihood.
storing awavcanvas, stool, and easel in a
deserted cabin close by. he rejoined me, and,
leading Kaweah bv his lariat, I walked be
side Smith down the trail toward Copples’.,
He talked freely, and as if composing his
own biography, beginning: “Califorma
bom and mountain-raised, his nature soon
drove him into a painter’s career.” Then
he fondly reverted to New York and his ex
perience there:
“O no!” ho mused in silent irony, “ho
■sever spread his napkin over his legs and
2>artook of French victuals up to old Del
monico’s.”
Mr. Smith found relief in meeting one so
near himself, as he conceived me to bo, m
habit and experience. The long pent-up emo
tions and ambitions of his life found ready
utterances and a willing listener.
I learned that his aim was to become a
characteristically California painter, with
•special designs for making himself famous as
the delineator of mule-trains and ox-wagons;
lobe, as ho expressed it, “the Facihc-slope
Bouheur.” _•. T
“There,” he said, “is old Eastman John
son he’s made the rifilc on barns, and that
everlasting with the ears of com; bnt it
ain’t life—it ain’t got the real get-up. If you
want to see the thing, just look at Gerome—
his Arab folks and Egyptian dancing girls;
thev ain’t assuming a pleasant expression
antf looking at spots while their likeness is
took. H. G. will discount Eastman.”
He avowed his great admiration. of
Church, who, though he had a little leaning
toward Sir. Gifford, alone met his hearty
approval.
It’s all Bierstadt, and Bierstadt, and
Bierstadt now-a-days! "What has he done
but twist, and skew, and distort, and dis
color. and belittle, and be-pretty this whole
<locr-goned country? "Why, his mountains
arc too high and too slim; they’d blow over
in one of our fall winds. I’ve herded colts
two summers in Yosemite, and, honest now,
when I stood right up in front of his picture
I didn’t know it. He hasn’t-what old Jtcuskm
calls for.”
By this time the station buddings were in
siclit, and far down the canon, winding in
even grade around spur after spur, outlined
by a low, clinging cloud of red dust, we
could see the great Sierra mule-train—that
industrial gulf-stream flowing from Califor
nia plains over into arid Nevada, carrying
thitlier materials for life and luxury. In a
vast, perpetual caravan of heavy wagons,
drawn bv teams of from eight to fourteen
mules, all the supplies of many cities and
villages were hauled across the Sierras at an
immense cost, and with such skill of driving
and generalship of mules as tho world has
never seen before.
Our trail descended toward the grade,
quickly bringing us to a high hank immedi
ately overlooking the. trains, a few rods be
low the group of station buildings.
I had by this time learned that Copplcs,
the former station proprietor, hadsmiered
amputation of the leg three times, receiving
■from the road men, in consequence, the name
of Cut-off; 77 and that, while his doctors dis
agreed as to whether they had better try a
fourth, the kindly hand of death had spared
him that pain, and 3lrs. Copples an added
extortion in the bill.
The dying Cut-off” had made his wife
■promise she would stay by and carry on the
station until all his debts, which were many
and heavy, should he all paid, and then do as
she choose.
The poor woman, a Kcw Englander of some
refinement, lingered, sadly fultilliug her task
though longing for liberty.
When Smith came to speak of Sarah Jane,
■her niece, a new light kindled in his eye.
You never saw Sarah Jane!” ho inquired.
I shook my head.
He went on tell me he was living in hope
of making her Mrs. H. G., but that the bar
keeper also indulged a hope, and as this un
uortant functionary was a man of ready cash
and of Derringers and few words,it became a
delicate matter to avow open rivalry but it
was evident mv friend's star was in the as
cendant, and, learning that he considered
himself to possess the “dead-wood and to
have gaited” the barkeeper, I was amused,
■even comforted.
It was a pleasure to sit there, leaning
against a vigorous old oak,while Smith open
ed bis heart to me in easy confidence, ana,
with quick eve, pencilled in a little sketch
book a leg, aliead, or such portions of body
and harness as seemed to him useful for lu
turo works.
These are notes, 77 he said. “I 7 ve pretty
much made up my mind to paint my groat
picture on a gee-pull. 11l scribble iu a sun
set effect, lighting up the dust and striking
across the backs of team and driver, and Ill
paint a come-up-tbere-damn-you look on the
old teamster's face, and the mules will be
just a humping themselves and laying down
to work like they'd expire. And the wagon!
JDon't you see what line color material there
is in the heavy load and top, with sunlight
and shadow in the folds 1 And that's what's
the matter with H. G. Smith, Orders, sir,
orders, that's what 111 getthen; and I’ll take
my little old Sarah Jane and light out for
Is’ew York, and you 11 sec Smith on a studio
door-plate, and folks U say, Fine feeling for
nature, has Smith!'
I let this singular man speak for himself
In his own vernacular, pruning nothing of
its idiom, or slang, as you may choose to
BThe breath of most Californians Is as un
-conscionslyicharged with slang as an Ital
ian's with garlic, and the two, after all, have
much the same function—you touch the bowl
or your language, but should never let either
be fairly recognized m salad or conversation.
Yet Smith’s English was tho well undeliled
when compared with what I every moment
heard from the current of teamsters which
set constantly by us iu tho direction of Cop-
P Smith and I followed, and, as we neared
tho house, he punched me familiarly, and
said, as a hrowu petticoat disappeared ui tho
station door, There’s Sarah Jaoc! When I
see lliat girl 1 feel likel’d reach oat and
gather her in;” then clasping her imaginary
form as if she was about to danco ■with him,
he executed a couple of waltz-turns, softly
intimating, “That’s what’s tho matter with
H. G.”
As a hotel, Copples’ is on the Mongolian
plan, which* means that dining-room and
kitchen are given oyer to the mercies—never
very tender—of Chinamen! not such China
men as learned tho art of pig-roasting that
they might he served up hy Elia, but the av
erage John, and a sadly low average that
John is. I grant him a certain general air of
thrift, admitting, too, that his lack of sobrie
ty never makes itself apparent in loud, .Cel
tic brawl But he is, when all is said, and in
spite of timid and fawning obedience, avery
poor servant.
Now and then, at a friend’s honse, it has
happened to me that I dined upon artistic
Chinese cookery, and all they who come
home from living in China smack their lips
over the relishing c«i«ne. I wish they had
gat down that day at Copples’. No on sec
ond thought I would spare them.
John may go peacefully to North Adams
and make shoes for us, hut I shall not solve
the awful domestic problem by bringing him
into my kitchen.
After the warning bell, fifty or sixty team
sters inserted their dirty heads in buckets of
water, turned their once white neck-hand
kerchiefs inside out, producing a sudden ef
fect of clean linen, and made use of the two
mournful wrecks of combs which hupg on
strings at cither side of the Copples mirror.
Many went to the bar and partook of a
“dust-cutter.” There was then such clcar-
ing of throats, and such loud and prolonged
blowing of noses, as may not often be heard
upon this globe.
Ju the calm which ensued, conversation
sprung up on dead harness,” tho “Stock
ton wagon that had went off the grade 4
with here and there a sentiment called out
hy two framed lithographic belles, who, in
great richness of color and scantiness of rai
ment, flanked the bar mirror—a dazzling re
flector, chiefly destined to portray tho oar
keeper’s hair, which work of art involved
much affectionate labor.
A second bell and rolling away of doors
revealed a long dining-room, witli three par
allel tables, cleanly set and watched over by
Chinamen, fresh white clothes and
olive-huff skin made a contrast of color
which were always chief among my yearn
ings for the Nile.
While I loitered in the background, every
seat was taken, and I found myself, with a
few dilatory teamsters, destined to await a
second table.
Tho dining-room communicated with a
kitchen hovond by means of two square
apertures cut in the partition wall. Through
these port-holes a glare of red light poured,,
except where the squares framea a Chinese
cook’s head, or discharged hundreds of little
dishes.
The teamsters sat dewn in patience: a few,
of the more elegant sort, cleaned their nails
with the three-tine forks, other picked their
teeth with them, and noarly’all speared
with this implement small specimens from
the dishes before them, securing a pickle or
a square inch of pie, or evou that luxury, a
dried apple; a few,' on tilted-back chairs,
drummed upon tho bottom of their plates
the latest tune of the road.
When fairly under way, tho scone bocamo
active and animated beyond relief. Waiters,
balancing upon their arms twenty or thirty
plates, hurried along, and shot them dexter
ously over the teamsters’ heads with crash
and spatter. Beans swimming in fat, moats
slimed with pale, ropy gravy, and over
everything a faint Mongol odor—the flavor
of moral degeneracy and of a disintegrating
race. Sharks and wolves may no longer he
figured as types of prandial haste. My
friends, the teamsters, stuffed and swallow
ed with a rapidity which was alarming hut
for the dexterity they showed, and which
could only have come of long practice. In
fifteen minutes tho room was empty, and
those fellows who wore not feeding grain to
their mules lighted cigars and lingered
around the bar.
Just then my artist rushed in, seized mo by
the arm, and said in my ear, We’ll have oar
supper over to Mrs. Copples’. Oh, no, I guess
not —Sarah Jane—arms peeled—cooking up
stuff—old woman gone into the milk-room
with a skimmer.” Ho then added that, if I
wanted to see what I had been spared. I
might follow him. We went round an angle
of the building and came upon a high bank,
where, through wide-open windows, I could
look into tho Chinese kitchen. By this time
the second table of teamsters were under
way, and the waiters yelled their orders
through to the cooks. This large, unpainted
kitchen was lighted up by kerosene lamps.
Through clouds of smoke and steam dodged
and sprang the coaks, dropping with per
spiration and grease, grabbing a steak in
the ham and slapping it down on the grid
iron, slipping and sliding around on tho
floor, dropping a card of biscuits and picking
them up again in their fists, which were
garnished by the whole hill of fare. The red
papers with Chinese inscriptions, and little
joss-sticks here and there pasted upon each
wall, the spry devils themselves, and that
faint, sickening odor of China which per
vaded the room, combined to produce a sense
of deep, sober gratitude that! had not risked
their fare.
“Now,” demanded Smithy*you see that
1 -tile white building yonder
I did.
He struck a contemplative position, leaned
acrainst the house, extending one hand after
the manner of the minstrel sentimentalist,
and softly chanted;
’Tis, O 'tis the cottage of mo love,”
and there’s “where they’re gettingnp as nice a
little supper as can he found on this road, or
any other. Let’s go over.”
So vrc strolled across the open space, where
two giant pines towered sombre against
the twilight, a little mountain brooklet, and
a few quiet cows.
Stop,” said Smith, leaning his hack
against a pine and encircling my neck affec
tionately with an arm, 44 1 told you, as re
gards Sarah Jane, how my feelings stand.
Well, now, just you bet she’s on the recipro
cate "When I told old woman Copples that
I’d like to invito you over, Sarah Jane, she
passed mo in the doorway, and she said Glad
to see your friends.’ Then, aotto vow, for wo
were very near, he sang again:
’Tis, O ’tis the cottage of me love;
and, C. K.,”he continued, familiarly, “you’re
a judge of wimmen, chucking his knuckles
into my ribs, whereat I jumped, when ho
added, “There, I knew yon was. Well,
Sarah Jane is a denied magnificent female
number three boots; Just the height for me—
Venus dc Copples I call i or—and would make
the most touching artist’s wife in this planet.
If I design to pain t a head, a foot, or an arm,
get my little old Sarah Jane to pec 1 the par
ticular charm, and just whack her in the
canvas.”
We passed in through low doors, turned
from a small, dark entry into the family
sitting-room, and were alone there in the
presence of a cheery log-fire, which good
naturedly hade us welcome, crackling freely,
and tossing its sparks out on a iioor of pine
aud covote-skin rugs. A few old framed
prints hung upon dark walls, their faces
looking serenely down upon the scanty, old
fashioned furniture, and windows full of
blossoming plants. A low-cushioned chair,
not long since vacated, was drawn close by
the centre-table, whereon were a lamp and a
large open Bible, with a pair of silver-bowed
spectacles lying upon its lighted page.
Smith made a gesture of silence toward the
door, touched the Bible, and whispered:
Here’s where old woman Copples lives, and
its a good thing; I read it aloud to her even
ings, aud I can just feel the high local lights
of it. ITI fetch H. G. yet!”
At this juncture tho door opened; a pale,
thin, elderly woman entered, and, with a
tired smile, greeted me. While her hard,
labor-stiffened, needle-roughened hand was
in mine, I looked into her face and felt some
thing (it may be, it must be but little, yet
something) of tho sorrow of her life—that of
a woman largo in sympathy, deep in faith,
eternal in constancy, thrown away on a
rough, worthless fellow. All things she
hoped for had failed her,—the tenderness
which never came, tho hopes years ago in
ashes, tho whole world of her yearnings long
buried, leaving only the duty of living aud
the hope of heaven. As she sat down, took
up her spectacles and knitting, and closed tho
Bible, she began pleasantly to talk to us of
the warm, bright autumn nights, of .Smith’s
work, and then of my own profession, and
of her niece, Sarah Jane. Her genuinely
sweet spirit and natively gentle manner
were very beautiful, and faroverbalanced all
traces of rustic birth and mountain life.
O that unquenchable Christian fire, how
pure the gold of its result! It needs no prac
tised elegance, no social greatness, for its
success—only tho warm human heart, aud
out of it shall come a sacred calm and gen
tleness, such as no power, no wealth, no cul
ture, may ever hope to win. No words of
mine would outline the beauty of that plain,
weary old woman, the sad, sweet patience of
those gray eyes, nor,the spirit of overflowing
goodness which cheered and enlivened the
half-honr.we spent there,
H. G. might perhaps bo pardoned for sliow
mg an alacrity when the door again opened
and Sarah.Jane rolled, I might almost say
trundled, in, aud was introduced Umo Sa
rah Jane was an essential California pro
duct, as much so as one of those vast pota
toes or massive pairs; she had a suggestion
of State Fair in the fulness of her physique,
yet withal was pretty aud modest. If X
could have rid myself of a fear that her but
tons might sooner or later hurst off and go
sinking by my ear, I think I might have felt
as fi. G. did, that she was a “magnificent
female with her smooth, brilliant skin, and
ropes o’f soft brown hair.
h G in presence of the ladies, lost some
thing of las original flavor, and rose into
studied elegance, greatly to the comfort of
Sarah, whose glow of pride, as his talk ran
on. came without show, of restraint.
Tho supper was delicious.
But Sarah was quick-quiet to H. G. and to
me until after tea, when tho old lady said:
“Yon young folks will hare to excuse me
this evening,” and withdrew to her chamber.
More foS were then piled on tho sitting
room hearth, and wo three gathered m semi
driTe. Presently H. G, tools the poker and
twisted it about among coals and pry
ing up the oak sticks, as ho announced, ma
measured, studied way: An artist suite,
that is,” he explained, an acadiniiciau s
wife-orter, well, she’d ortcr sake the beauti
ful andtake her regular justhetics; and tlion
again,” he continued in explanatory
“she’d ortcr know how to keep a hotel,
denied if she hadn’t, for it’s rough-like
otT, ’fore a feller gets his name up. But then
when he does, though, she’s got a salubrious
old time of it. It’s touch a little bell—[he
pressed the andiron-top to show us how'tlre
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: BTTNDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1871
thing was done]—and TBrooks, tho morning
paper!’ Open your regular Herald:
“‘Art Notes,— Another of H. G. Smith’s
tender works, entitled “Off tho Grade,” so
full of out-of-doors and subtle feeling of na
ture, is now on exhibition at Gonpil’a.’
“Look down a little farther:
Italian Opera.— Between the acts all
eyes turned to the dinlingue Mrs. H. G Smith,
who looked,’ ’’—then, turning to me, and
waving his hand at Sarah Jane, I leave it
to you if she don’t.”
Sarah Jane assumed the pleasing color of
the sngar-heet, without seeming inwardly
unhappy.
“It’sonly a question of time with H. G.,”
continued my friend. “Art is long, you
know, denied long, and it may he a year be
fore I paint my great picture, but after that
Smith works in leadhamess.”
Ho used tho poker freely, and more and
more his flow of hopes turned a shade of sen
timent to Sarah Jane, who smiled broader
and broader, showing teeth of healthy
whiteness.
At last I withdrew and sought my room,
which was H. G.’s also, and nia studio. I
had gone with a candle around the walls,
whereon were tacked stndios and sketches,
finding here and there a bit of real merit
among the profusion of trash, when tho door
burst open and my friend entered, kicked off
his hoots and trousers, and walked up and
down at a sort of quadrille step, singing:
44 Yes, It’s the cottage of mo love;
Yon het, it’s the cottage of mo love
and, what’s more, H. G. has just had his gen
teel good-night kiss; and when and where is
tho good old bar-keep I
Slowlyfrom this atmosphere of art I passed
away into the tranquil land of dreams.—At
lantic Monthly,
STATISTICS OF THE GREAT FIRE.
Tatmlor Siatemenis of Lones and Other
material Particulars.
From advance sheets of 44 Chicago and tho
Great Conflagration,” by Elias Colbert andEverett
Chamberlin (Chicago: J. S. Goodman), we take
the following statements:
In tho West Division about 131 acres wore
burned over, including 16 acres swept by the lire
of tho previous evening. This district contained
several lumber yards and planing mills, tho
Union Depot of tho St. Louis and Pittsburgh
Fort Wayne Railroads,.with a few minor hotels
and factories, several boarding houses, and a host
of saloons. The buildings burned—about 500 in
number—were nearly all frame structures, and
not of much value, but were closely packed to
gether. About 2,250 persons were rendered home
less in this morning.
in tho South Division the burned area-comprised
about 4CO acres. The southern boundary Hue was
a diagonal, running from the corner of Michigan
avenue and Congress street, west-southwest to
tho intersection oi Fifth avenue (\Yoll6) and Polk
street. Fn tho other three sides the bounding
lines were tho lake and the river—only one block
(tlio Lind) being left In all that area. Tills district
contained, the great majority of tlio most ex
pensive structures in the city, all tlio •whole
sale stores, all the newspaper offices, all the
principal banks, and insurance and law offices,
many coal yards, nearly all the hotels, and
many factories, the Court Douse. Custom House.
Chamber of Commerce, etc. The number of
buildings destroyed in this division was about
y.cso. which included l.coo stores, 23 hotels, and CO
manufacturing establishments. About 21,800
persons were rendered homeless, very many of
whom were residents in the upper stories of the
palatial structures devoted, below, to commerce.
Tbercwcre however, many poor families, and a
great many human rats, resident in the western
part of this territory.
In the North Division the devastation was the
most widespread, fully 1,470 acres being burned
over out of the 2,533 1-2 acres in that division.
And even this statement fails to convoy an idea
of the wholesale destruction wrought there, be
cause the territory unhuraed was unoccupied.
Had there been anv except widely-scattered
structures in the unbnrnctfportion, they, too,
would have been destroyed, as the lire licked up
all in its path, and paused only when there was
no more rood whereon to whet its insatiable ap
petite. Of tbe 13,800 buildings in that division,
not more than 500 were left standing, leav
ing 13,300 in ruins, and rendering 74,450 persona
homeless. The buildings burned included more
than COO stores and 100 manufacturing establish
ments, the latter being principally grouped in the
southwestern part of this division. That part
next the lake, as far north as Chicago avenue,
was occupied by flrstrclass residences, of which
only one was left standing—that of Mahlon D.
Ogden. Next north of these was the Water
Works, and this was the initial point of aline of
breweries that stretched out almost to tho ceme
tery. The river banks were piled high with lum
ber and coal, which was all destroyed except a
portion near the bend of tho river, at Kmzio
street. The space between tho burned district
and tho river, to the westward, contained but
little improved property. Lincoln Park lay to
tho northward, on the lake shore. The lire burned
up the southern part of this .park—tho old ceme
tery—but left the Improved part untouched, ex
cept a portion of tho fencing. One of the saddest
among the many sad scenes that met the eye
after the conflagration had done its work, was
that in the old cemetery—tho flames had
even made havoo among the dead, burning
down tho wooden monuments, and shattering
stone vaults to fragments, leaving exposed many
scores of the remnants of mortality that had
smouldered for years in oblivion.
The total area burned over in tho city, includ
ing streets, was 2,124 acres, or very nearly 31-3
square miles. The numberof buildings destroyed
was 17,450; of persons rendered homeless, 98,500.
Of tho latter more than 250 paid tho last debt of
nature ’mid the carnage—fell victims to the Mo
loch of our modern civilization.
Tlio following are the footings of tho losses:
KUILMNGS. ~p
Eighty business blocks 3,015, !5S
Railroad depots, •warehouses and B*d Trade.. 2,700,000
Hotels MMSS
Theatres, etc ww.ooo
Dallv newspapers (offices and buildings) 833,000
Ouo'numlred other business buildings., 1.008,420
Other taxable buildings WM.OOO
Churches and contents 2,3&9,000
Public schools and contents m 219,730
Other public buildings not taxed
Other public property 1,.63,000
Totfl buildings §53,000,000
PHOULCi:, ETC.
Flour, 35,000 barrels 5 9,,500
Grain (I.Oti'OOO bushels, beside private ware
house)
Provisions. 4,400.600 pounds WO,OOO
Lumber, 65.000,000 feet, In yards
Coal, SO.OCO tons WWW
Other produce *»910.000
Total produce §-5,202,500
Not less than 350 produce commission offices
were burned out.
lUSINESS: WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
Hoots, shoes, leather, etc IdtSSSS
Hardware, iron, and other metals j.oio.wo
Groceries and teas 4,i-0.000
Wholesale clothing
Jewelry, etc I^SSi
Musical instruments, etc
Books on sale {rionnn
Millmeiy
Hats, caps, and furs LOW,wo
Wholesale paper stock .w.wj
Manufactures (stock, machinery, and pro
duct 13.2w.000
Other stocks and business furniture SB.««».O0Q
§73,700,000
PERSONAL EFFECTS.
Household property 5 41.000.000
Manuscript work (records, etc.) lO.owLwtj
Libraries, public ami private rSJS'SS
Money lost (Custom House, §2,130,000) 6,.00,000
Total personal effects ...S 53,710,000
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Improvements (buildings, etc.) 5 53,000,003
Produce, etc
Manufactures
Other business propcity
Personal effects
Miscellaneous...., .us.wo
Grand total §196,000,000
Afewitemaiufluded in our flrst table should
really bo included in the others, making loss
On buildings, about
On business property
Other property 5J,000,000
Total burned......* $196,000,000
Salvage 4,000,000
Peal loss .....$192,000,000
Depreciation on real estate f^.000.000
Loss to business 10.000.000
Total 1055....... ............$290,000,000
Total amount insured, about
Of which ia collectable..... 40^,000
Companies will pay act more than §35,000,000, or
18 per cent of the value of the property burned
up—many of those claiming to settle m full have
only settled after liberal deductions were made.
About $30,000,000 baa been adjusted by tbo compa
nies up to tbo close of November. The contribu
tions for the relief of sufferers foot up a total of
about $3,500,000.
rnorESTY values.
Tho following were the valuations of city prop
erty in September, 1871, as made for the purposes
of municipal taxation, with the actual selling
values of the same:
Assented. Achtnl.
Land $176,931,900 $231,336,000
Buildings, etc 59,956,500 90,923.000
Personal property 51,670,600 172,235,000
Total $233,559,000 $567,019,000
Property not taxed. 52,913,000
Grand total, actual
WHAT WAS LEFT.
Tlie city contained a population of 834,270 souls.
Of these 1*8.500 were rendered homeless, leaving
°35,770, or 70 per cent, unharmed. About 50,000
left the city ■within a few weeks,but many of these
returned subsequently, and many hundreds of
workers came in from other places to aid In re
building the city. In December, 1871, Chicago
contained a population of not much loss than
000
The number of buildings burned was 17,450;
remaining, 42,000, or 70 per cent. The value of
the buildings burned was not less than 50 per cent
of the whole—saved. 50 per cent.
Of lumber and grain the proportion destroyed
was about 20 per cent, of fuel 50 per cent. Of
rrainthere was saved 5,000,000 bushels; of lumber,
240.000,000 feet; of coal, 79,000 tons.
On mercantile stocks, manufactures, and per
sonal effects, the loss averaged 70 per cent of the
whole: the saved, soper cent.
All the land remains, substantially, as before*
the lire, and tbo street improvements were but
little disturbed, except m tbe matter of side-
A comparison of these facts, with the statistics
given in preceding chapters of this book, leads to
startling conclusions, and no less cheering than
startling. The population of Chicago in Novem
ber, iSTI, one month after the lire, was fully
equal to that of the Spring of 18G8. Aggregating
the losses on propel ty, even after making duo al
lowances for a depreciation in the selling p.’ico
of real estate (much of which can bo but tempo
rary), and in tbe sum and amounts received and
to be received by the sufferers, from in-,
surunce companies, the stock of which
are not held by Chicago men, wo have a grand to
tal of nearly $100,000,000, which is considerably
greater Ilian tbe aggregate of actual values of
real and personal property lathe summer of 1833.
Equating these two comparisons, we find that:
The Great Conflagration sot back the city of
Chicago not more than three years in her career
of progress. A week after tbo fire she was
fullv as “well to do,” in a pecuniary sense,
as ‘three years previously. In that tri
ennial period—less than one-tenth of an ordinary
generation—she had gained all that sho lost on
that eventful day, the 9th of October, 1871.
If we mistake not. the commerce and domestic
manufactures of Chicago, in the twelve months
next succeeding the fire, will be found to exceed
those of any previous year no to 18CS, tbo gold
dollar being taken as the standard for tbo com
parison of money values.
The progress of the London Methodist
Chapel Building Fund is satisfactory- The
sum of $330,000, it will ho remembered, was
promiscdsohie time ago by Sir Francis Lycett,
on the condition that an equal sum be con
tributed hy subscribers in the provinces,
thus enabling the committee to give SIO,OOO
toward each of fifty chapels to ho erected in
London. The sum of $190,000 has already
been subscribed to meet Sir F, Lycett’s lib
eral offer, and there can now he no doubt
that tho wholefiwill ‘be forthcoming. The
building of a number of chapels is already
in progress, while others are in contem
plation.
THE CELESTIAL EMPIRE.
Chinese Dialed*— 14 Pidgea English—
Chinese Kitchens and Cooks.
Hong Kong (Sept. 2)) Correspondence of the Now
York Express.
The fact is, the dialects of the Chinese
Empire ore so conllicting, that ono province
can scarcely understand another; and hence
there is little or no social communications
between tho North and tho South, or the
East and tho "West. The Cantonese cannot
understand a word, or scarcely a word, of
Pekinese, and rice versa. There is a manda
rin language, which all officials understand,
and, moro or less, all tho intelligent men of
China; but, nevertheless, China is thus
more cut up than Great Britian was,
thirty years ago, with its Welsh,
its Gaelic, its Celtic, its Yorkshire andJLan
cashire dialects, which, though spoken then
in the heart of the island of Great Britain,
outsiders conld scarcely understand. Tho
common mode of communication hero be
tween tho foreigner and the Chinaman is in
“Pidgen” (not Pigeon) English—the word
“Pidgen.” being the Chinese comprehension
of tho word Business.” This Pidgen Eng
lish is now the universal dialect between
foreigners and tho Chinese. All get along
with it very well, though it is nearly as in
comprehensible to my unaccustomed oar as
the Chinese itself. The Compradorc,” that
is, tho Chinese head business man of all
foreign houses, who stands between tho
foreign merchant and tho Chinese
merchant in all matters of trade, al
ways speaks Pidgen English. These
Compradores, by thowwar,3 r are groat
characters in China, and make much money
outside of their regular business, and not
exactly in its line. One of them, whom I
saw in Shanghai, was a mandarin, and on
extraordinary occasions ho turns up in his
robes. The Chinese (Cantonese) servants, all
over China, make tho best servants in the
world. They do tho work of women as well
as of men. They are most excellent cooks—
the best of waiters—but it requires several
of them to do what one American or English
servant does in a house. Coolie (drudge man
about house) will not wait. “It is nothin
‘pidgen/” Waiter will not do coolie work,
none of it, not in tho least. Cook only cooks,
but cooks ns well as a Frenchman, and that
is saving much in his favor. The bntlei, or
head boy” of a house, who is tho universal
genius of the honse, and who has tho capaci
ty to do almost anything, if ho will who
acts as translator and supervisor of all the
establishment, and whoso “pidgen” it is to
see and to keep everything in order, is paid
onlv from $7.00 to $12.00 per mouth, provid
ing* his own chow chow (food), and in all other
respects taking care of himself. These ser
vants often had. little turn pidgons under
them—that is. boys learning to speak “pul
gcu English,” and to do what wo call
“chores/’ A Chinese kitchen, from which
such good things arc turned out for the
table, is a wonder in its way. There is
nothing in it but a cooking-stove or two, not
longer than our American water-pail, with
a few stow pans, and many chop sticks, from
which few things como many courses for the
table, and all well cooked and garnished—
nay, oven the best of beefsteaks, so
difficult to have cooked at home.
The more I go over the world the more
I am convinced that Americans and English
men are far behind the rest of creation- in
preparing their food lit to bo eaten. Our
civilization is over a hundred years be
hind tho age; and in this respect tho Chi
nese are far our superiors. That devil’s in
vention of onrs, tho kitchen range, ought to
bo kicked down where it camo from, tho
lower regions—an invention which, in sum
mer, roasts us out of our houses, and in win
ter consumes as much coal in a day as a Chi
naman would need in a month, or a French
man in a week. Some rich man in America,
some coming Peter Cooper, in lieu of teach
ing us how to draw, would do better to
found a college to teach us how to boil po
tatoes, cook* beef-steaks. roast mutton, and
bako bread, for such a Peter Cooper would
bo the very greatest of American human
benefactors.
Motto for a French Exile “Absinthe
makes the heart grow louder.”
The inconsistency of woman shines forth
with great brilliancy in the case of tho Now
Haven girl who informed a young fellow
that she hated him with her whole heart
and soul, and in one hour thereafter sent
him a note stating that she would elope with
him that night.
A French lawyer defended a man who
had taken a chicken from a farm yard. He
said his client was insane. “Ido not sec in
this theft anything that would account for
the insanity* of tho prisoner,” said tho Jndge.
“I beg your pardon,” replied tho lawyer;
“this poor fellow is certainly insane. He
stole a wretched skinny* chicken, when ho
might have taken a nice fat pig.”
—A Venerable Pile—A worn-out Turkey*
carnet
—Being asked what part of a farm is tho
most valuable, Mr. G y promptly respond
ed that the place where fruits are garnered
is undoubtly the most cherry-shed.
—ln <v description of tho Rev. Thomas
Guard, from Ireland; tho latest sensation in
religious circles, a New* York letter-writer
says: Mr. Guard is, in no souse, a great
man. and to represent him as such is an in
sult to true greatness, lie is without whis
kers.” This Hibernian divine may have
played tho great man in Ireland without
whiskers, but tho attempt is rather thin for
this country.
—A Vermonter advertises that ho will
hereafter pay no debts of his wife's contract
ing, for tho somewhat singular reason that
her teeth are not sound, while his are. One
would say that ho should bear the care he’s
assumed.
—One who signs herself A Rural Wife
for Seventeen Years writes to a Utah paper
that tho Mormons will cleave;to. polygamic
principles through time and eternity*.” What
a pleasant idea, to bo surrounded by* twenty
or your own private angels in Heaven!
—Curious to relate, the joiners of Great
Britain have nearly all become members of
an association to separate Church and Statu.
—Why is a sloop emblematic of tho past
and future Because its a fore-and-aftor.
—Why is a man's life safest before ho has
had dinner i Because ho can't di-gest then.
—The only* approach to an encouraging
piece of nows for tho American shipbuild
ing interest that wo have heard of for a long
time is the intelligence that there is quite a
largo factory at Little Rock, Ark,, employed
exmusively* inmakmgeuchro “decks.” They
are originally of pasteboard, hut are after
wards turned to deal.
—J. Fisk, Jr., has been heard to express
his linn conviction that the present course
of Manstield is quite out of woman’s Hold.
—A Western girl, after giving her lover a
hasty smack, exclaimed, Dog my* cats, if
you hain’t heeu a takiu’ rye, old boss.”
—Credit the Detroit Post with the sub
joined misanthropic expression Now is
the time to rally to the festive donation
party*. A donation party* is a cheerful gather
ing, where a poor clergyman's flock over
whelm him with head watch-pockets and
eat up sll2 worth of his winter provisions.”
—what is the number of American bodes
who will make fools of themselves about
Alexis Echo answers: “LX is.”
—The ly*re of tho New York World gives
forth the following jingle:
There Is a Grand Duke named Alexis,
Who. from Maine down to southernmost Texas,
In all our cities
Must sutler committees.
’Cause of Russia bis father the Rex is.
—A cynical old bachelor says that it is tho
privilege of hoops to surround tho loveliest of
all things, among which arc the girls and
whiskey*.
—lt is said of a writer who often adopts
the work of others, that he “never quite
grasps the use of inverted commas.”
—Of course Miss Alcott’s “Morning Glor
ies” ore very diilerout from her Little Wo
men;” because morning glories occasionally
shut up, while—[Yes, Dorabella, dear, com
ing
—A Western backwoods politician is in
favor of tho onc-term” principle. Ho has
a woman’s rights wife, ho says, who is one
termagant, and is not in favor of tho contin
uance of her administration.
—A married lady in Connecticut recently
fell into a river, and would have been
drowned except that her cries attracted the
attention of her husband, who, mistaking
ker in tho dark for another woman, workec.
like a heaver to got her out.
—A poor sick man, with a mustard plaster
on him, said If I should eat a loaf of broad
I’d be a live sandwich!”
—As a man was burying his wife, he said
to his friend, in the graveyard: Alas! you
feel happier than I.” “Yes. neighbor,” said
the friend: I ought to feel happier, I have
two wives buried here!”
.5(520,000,000
The Hawes Will Case.
The Hawes will case, just concluded in
San Francisco, as wo are informed by tele
graph, deserves to rank as a cause celcbre.
Horace Hawes, testator, was an eccentric old
man, who died about a year ago, leaving a
fortune of more than two millions, the bulk
of which was devised to found a university.
The site of the proposedbuilding and grounds
was fixed at Mont Eagle, one ot the choicest
spots in the Santa Clara Valley, where the
deceased owned a groat estate. The univer
sity was to include soveral.colleges.iu which
a variety of industrial sciences were to he
taught, great prominence bciug given to
that of agriculture; hut the whole
fund was tied up with such
ridiculous provisos, stipulations, and condi
tions as to he practically valueless. The
best lawyers were of opinion that the prop
erty of the erratic testator would eventually
go to his heirs, as provided in his will, on
account of the inability of the State Trus
tees to carry out the cumbrous conditions
with which the estate was burdened. Hawes
had been an abusive husband as well as a
miser, and had unnaturally deprived lus
wife aud children of anything but the
smallest possible pittance from his groat
property. Mrs. Hawes contested the will
on the ground of her husband's in
sanity, aud, during the long trial
which has just closed, it was prov
ed that the deceased millionaire was,
OTIPS.
to use the mildest expression, a monomaniac,
his chief anxiety being that of coming to
poverty or dying of poison. The jury de
cided in favor of tho widow, who gains for
herself and children a great fortune. The
deceased miser, if he conld look hack and
see how his wire-drawn and complicated will
has fared, would he ready to rend the granite
tomb in which he was carefully inclosed
according to hia own express directions.
Horace Hawes was author of tho Registry
law of California, a famous piece of complex
legislation, of which it was said that it
conld ho understood hv no man hut its
framer, and that he had forgotten how to
construe it.
WINE IN DOCK.
The Great London Vaults.
London Correspondence of tlie New York journal of
Commerce.
The famous wine vaults of the London
Decks are fourteen in number. Some are
used exclusively for tho storing of port,
sherry, brandy, or vatted wine, while others
contain all sorts, withoat distinction. But
one of these will be described here, namely,
the Crescent Vault, which is very large, and
is employed as a storehouse for sherry alone.
You enter tho vault conducted hy an at
tendant, and bearing a torch that seems to
he made expressly tor the use of newspaper
correspondents, because the flat handle of it
furnishes such a convenient rest for tho
note-hook. Descending a few steps there
appears a dark, vast subterranean chamber
that covers acres.
Traversing it at right angles are mysteri
ous dimly-lighted passage-ways, stretching
as far as the eye can reach in tho feeble light.
The immense uuilding above, seven stories
in height, Is supported by tho massive stone
pillars and arches of tho vault below, so that
while one is only threading the mazes of a
storehouse of aristocratic toddy, one can
easily imagine himself groping about tho
cloisters ot monks in a ruined monastery.
Indeed, the general mustiness, the heavy
and peculiar masonry, tho chill dreariness of
aLondon wine-vault, weroJt not for the long
rows of casks, would give it a striking re
semblance to a ruined cloister. Hero are
18,000 pipes of wine in a space cover
ing six acres. Think of it! This storing
place is owned by the London Dock Com
pany, and was built, along with the other
warehouses iu the neighborhood, some seven
ty years ago. Tho business of tho corpora
tion is managed by a court of directors, and
the capital represented by the shareholder.!
is £0,000,000. As many as 8,000 laborers have
been employed on these wharfs in a day. But
figures and. statistics express very inade
quately the amount of business done.
Fully to realize it, one must pass along tlie i
quays m tlie forests of masts among swearing
stevedores, gangers, butchers, and chattering j
sailors of crery clime, their voices blending j
in a discordant jumble of strange sounds.
One must sniffhcro the pungent oders, savory
and unsavory, of India, Africa and the
Pacific isles, and must see with bis
own eyes the hustle and confusion of
this enermons business establishment.
Understand that the London Docks proper 3
do not comprise all the docks of London.
There are besides the Fast India Docks, the
West India Docks, St. Katherine Docks, and
so on; all together covering several square
miles of ground along the Thames, below the 1
Tower. They were all built by joint stock
companies, and though not unprofitable to
their projectors, they nave redounded to the
still greater advantage of die city itself.
Hut to return to the wine vaults. i
When a cargo of spirits arrives at the
wharf, the work of unloading and storing
Is all done by the company's servants.
Fach merchant has a separate department,
selected for the safe keeping on his own wines.
When a party applies to the merchant with a
view to purchasing, he is taken to the vault,
he tastes and chooses his wine and has it de-
liveredtohimby the Dock Company. The
sum paid for storage is, per week, three ponce
a hogshead, two ponce a butt, and for quar
ter casks a penny. Very cheap rates Itwould
appear at first thought, hut when the wine
is left to grow old in the vaults and remain
year after year, the charges accumulate to a i
very considerable sum, aud are often greater
than the value of the liquor. Anothersonrce
of revenue to the company is iu the sale of
unclaimed wines. Not nnfrequently the
casks arc misplaced, or the merchants for
gets them and never calls for them, or the
storage fees are more than the liquor
will bring in tbo market. In
these cases the Dock Company, at stated
intervals offer tbo wine for sale at auction.
In this way some of the oldest and choicest
brands are disposed of. The vault was form
erly lighted with gas, but. owing to subter
raneous vapors, the fumes of the wine, or to
some unknhwu cause. It could not be made
to burn well, so that now sperm oil has taken
its place, and serves to make the darkness
visible. Covering the floor about the pipes
of sherry is a very beautiful snow-white fun
gus-liko growth, caused probably by the
evaporation of spirits. It is cold and soft to
the feel, and so delicate and sensitive that it
is gone almost at the touch of the finger.
The largo stone pillars and the arched ceil
ing of solid masonry covered with the
same substance, but for tlie most part
this is of a different color and older growth.
It hangs about the roof aud columns
like clouds of thick, dark smoko suddenly
arrested and fixed. Hero aud there it is
flecked with the white variety, hanging pen
dulous. and having very much the appear
ance of the stalactites of a cave. Touch the
torch to the dark, cloudy mass and bright
flames will shoot nuickly over it and as sud
denly disappear. The white fungus will not
bum. The temperature is sixty-one degrees
Fahrenheit, ami is almost summer and win
ter. At this time of the year the stock in
store is comparatively quite small,
aud yet upon both slues of the
passages and tramways casks and barrels,
pipes, butts aud hogsheads seem to be piled
up in countless numbers. Hero arc repre
sented all the choice brands known to the
connoisseur in wines. Here are casks that
have been iu store, five, ten, lifteen and even
twenty years, every added year in the cel
lar, of course, increasing the value of the
wine. There is kept in the vault quite a
largo number of large hogsheads of Fast
India sherry. These are distinguished by
the strong hoops that are bound about them.
Fast India sherry, says the attendant, is im
ported to England from Spain, aud then after
being more strongly hooped, is shipped
for u voyage to India and back. The value
of a hogshead is thereby augmented about
S2O. This increase in value, it is said, is by
no menus occasioned by the increased age
that the wine gains from its long journey,
but it results from some other more occult
cause. My suggestion that its value might
vary, according to the dulness or liveliness
of the drinkers imagination, was greeted
with infinite scorn, salt air and long sea
voyages arc prescribed for consumptive peo
ple, but whether tho same treatment works
some sanative chemical change in a cask of
spirits must be left to tho determination of
the lovers of Fast India sherry.
For some reason the presence of visitors at
tho vaults is au annoyance to the merchants
who have wiuoiu store, so that, as a rule, the
Secretary of tho Loudon Dock Company.does
not give tickets of admission except to those
who apply with an introduction from some
ouc iu* authority. Your correspondent, on
stating that ho was in tho service of the
first commercial joumal in America, obtained
a ticket without difficult}*. But in order to
trv the quality of the wines, which, of course,
is*thc orthodox thing to do in a wine cellar,
what is termed a “tasting order,” must he
had from some wine merchant. This could
not he had, so one bit of interesting experi
ence iu the Crescent vault could not have
been described toyou had nottho guidocomo
to our assistance. On discussing with him
tho subject of “tasting orders” he remarked
that ho thought he had one. Upon that he
presented to View a long gimlet, with a sug
gestive grin that invited a quid pro quo of six
pences; thou producing a little glass which
he wiped with his coat-tail, ho selected a
cask, tapped it aud drew out as delicious a
glass of sherry as ever man tasted. Tho
wine had been iu tho vault fourteen years.
The dutv on shem* of this quality is now
about half a half-crown a gallon.
After threading the dark mazes of tho
vaults for some time without observing
much else worthy of note, we stepped out
into the sunlight, ex*'* /uished tho torches,
ami paid the fees. be the natur
al termination r *’-er, but a word or
two about t> se. a few stops
away, migl Tins is a very
large huiltlL ties, used for
vat ting and t a merchant
has odd qua*-' 'ift brands
of some one kin "t* for ex
ample, he will 3 house,
have them ming. ’moiisly
magnified hogshea 1 height
or ten days. The resu. 'uors,
differing from any one >ake
up tho compound. Tin r,: 103
not, os a rule, command l nw: 'S
Other kinds. Itissometin.
times bad, depending maim,
ty of the ingredients mixed,
of vatting is commonly emp
purpose of getting rid of sour a j
liquors that cannot he brought i.
ket iu any other way. In tin o 0
there are forty-four large rcceptaci ac
ting spirits. containing from three. uundred
to twelve thousand gallons each, The casks
containing tho wines to bemmglcdaro m the
room above. Troughs are cut into the fioor
of the upper room leading to large pipes con
necting with the vatting hogsheads below.
Tho casks are placed m a rowovereach
trough. The workman begins with the first
one of the row, gives it two smart raps with
a wooden mallet, and out Hies the hung, fol
lowed bv a gush of liquor. This cask is rolled
over anti the next one taken and served in
the same wav, until scores aro spilling their
contents at the same time. Several rivulets
of wire dance merrily across the fioor, falling
the room with Bacchanalian odors. This
comprises about all tho labor required, iu
the process of vatting. Chemical affinities
do tno rest of the work.
—Here are a few scraps of news from the
Old Catholic conilict in Europe The Swiss
Council of State have suppressed all out-d oar
religious ceremonies ana processions. The
people of Cologne, regarded as a pre-emi-
uently Catholic city, have rejected the Ul
tramontane candidates for the Town Couri
cil and returned Liberals, who will grout
Alt-Catholics a church. The Archbishop of
Munich, while banning parish priests in
small Bavarian towns who refused to accept
the decrees of the Vatican Council, b.as been
withstood to the face by the ofi.euo.ing par
ties and hooted by the people.
—A peck, by measure, of silvev coin, was
collected for ‘missionary purposes, at the
Nova Scotia Freo Will Baptist Covcution.
MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL.
MONETARY.
Saturday Eveenino, I>ec. 9.
There Is almost nothing to note m connecttpn
■with the money market except the
continuance of the plethora of
moncyseeking investment. Capitalists,however,
seem timid about letting money out in long in
vestments, and the great bulk of the money Is of
fered for short loans on collaterals or investment
in bonds of one kind or another that can be readi
ly turned into cash again. If the practice were
thoroughly established of having and selling real
estate mortgages in this market as is to some ex
tent now in New York, it would furnish occupa
tion for a larger amount of the funds of private
capitalists, and they would seek that class of in
vestments instead of government bonds, which
pay less interest.
The hanks of this city now hold in the aggre
gate probably $5,000,000 or $0,000,000 moro deposits
than they did before the fire. At the some time
their loans have diminished so much that throe
or four of tho leading banks have cash on hand
and available exchange to the full amount of their
deposits.
Exchange continues in good demand, and sold
between banks to-day at par. At the counter
bankers sell at par and bny at l-io discount.
The Manager of the Clearing House furnishes
tho following summary of the business of his
office for the week ending Dec. 29:
Monday 3,446,122.79
Tuesday 2,855,399.70
Wednesday 3,470,749.20
Thursday 2,333,820.52
Friday 2,701,771.03
Saturday 2,999,431.00
COMMERCIAL,
Saturday Evening, Dec. 9.
The following were tne receipts and shipments
of produce at this port daring the past twenty
four hours, as far as reported, with the corre
sponding quantities one year ago:
Receipts. Shipment*.
1871. 1870. 1871. 1870.
Flour, brlß.. 4,520 6,473 5,149 3,BSS
Wheat, bu 19.700 51,800 4,559
Corn, bu 103,015 28,580 11.208 27,649
Oats, bu 23,706 12,536 0,430 7.12S
Bye, bu- 3,134 1,810 2,820 1,305
Barley, bu 11,730 4,720 10,525 800
Grass seed,lbs, 48,400 28,902 3,100
Flax seed, lbs 4,700
Broom com, ms 55,080 145,020 9,000 92,200
Cured meats, 1b5.... 29,130 22,8301,313,908 737.745
Beef.brla 775 130 1,101
Pork, brls. 044 520 1,403
Lard, lbs ~....132,478 61,890 418,032 495,453
Tallow, lbs 28,000 4,910 50,200 21,374
Butter, lbs 42.139 29;550 28,130 12,520
Dressed hogs. No.. fBBO 1,132 978 107
Live hogs, NO 23,658 10,404 1,707 3,593
Cattle, No 087 1,132 894 1,049
Hides, lha 173,017 92,620 207,150 105,003
Highwinea, hrls 444 100 318 418
Wool, lbs 19,870 8,270 38,375 27,050
Potatoes, bn 2,551 893
1,435 480 CIO 2,050
480 1,478 08 1,274
25 96 133
Lumber, m...
Ebinglcs, m.
Latli, m
Salt. brls...
Withdrawn yesterday for city consumption:
1,2C0 bu wheat, 10,40G bu corn, 1,934 bu oats. 510 bu
rye, 1,402 bu barley.
Tbo following grain has* been inspected into
store up to 10 o’clock 1 this morning: locara wheat,
189 cars com-, 4? cars oats, 3 cars rye, A3 cars bar
©y. Total, 293 cars, or 122,000 bu.
Tho following were the receipts and shipments
of breadstuffs and stock during the week-ending
with this morning, and for corresponding- weeks
ending as dated;
RECEIPTS.
Dec: 9, '7l. Dec. 2,’71- Dec. 10,’70.
Flour, brls 24,278 21,700 30,082
Wheat, bu 150,510 157,505 321,012
Corn, bu 619,610 083.920 245,180
Oats, bu 143,432 183,431 100i970
Rye, bu 12.094 18,705 9,824
Barley, b«..i.... 07,108 89,470 31,110
Dressed hogs,No 2,095 1,378 879
Live hogs, N0.... 138,933 97,086 07,702
Cattle, head 0,771 5,235 8,982
SHIPMENTS.
Flour, brls 17,140 10,204 20,027
Wheat, bu 17,110 61,«o 5,400
Cora, bu 115,933 702.645 141,780
Oats, bu 50,310 139,160 19,033
Rye. bll 9,013 9,300 2,515
Barley, bu 01,707 60,939 11,535
Dressed hogs, Na 3,088 201 642
Live hogs, N0... 21,404 22,210 14,986
Cattle, No 6,470 3,181 3,500-
Tbc receipts and shipments of produce during
tho week were:
Receipts. Shipments.
Beef, lbs 323 1,235
Pork, brls. 1,367 3,659
Lard, lbs 719,459 3,874,467
Meats, Ibß 737,382 6,131,299
Tbo leading produce markets were quite excited
to-dav, and prices In tbo principal grains ■were
higher, principally on account of lighter receipts,
though some additional impetus 5703 given to the
excitement by the rumor that the Prlnoc of Wales
•was dead. There -was more activity, even •where
no advance in prices was noted.
Notice was given to-day that on ‘Monday next
the Board of Trade will remove into its new
quarters in the Farwcll building, on the oast end
of the Washington street tunnel. The announce
ment was received with hearty cheers.
Appropriate resolutions were adopted on
’Change to-day in respect to the memory of Law
rence M. Piatt, an Influential member of the
bonrd.| who died this morning.
Highwines were linn at Yesterday’s quotation,
holders not offering their property to any extent,
while most of them insisted on U3c. Sales wore
reported of 250 brls at 92c. New Yorkwaaquoted
at sl.Ol.
Dressed hogs were leas active and easier, m
sympathy with live, and buyers were slow to
take hold for another reason—they seldom buy
much on Saturday, as to do so involves tbo risk
of holding over another day. The market opened
at $4.85 per 100 Ihs, and closed at $4.80, one lot sell
ing as low as $4.75. One lot was reported at $5.00,
but the transaction, was really made yesterday.
A total of 406 bead were sold to-day, and 5 cor
loads, part sold yesterday.
Provisions wore easier, but firm and more ac-.
tive. The receipts of hogs for tho week ending
with last evening are believed to be the largest
on record, and the effect was a weakening of
some saloc per 100 lbs this morning, on the price
of live weights. This being reported on ’Cliango
caused a corresponding weakening in tbo prices
of pork and lard, though meats exhibited but
little change, being wanted for export. Tho de
cline in pork brought out numerous buyers,
chiefly from among the short interest, which
eventually brought a return to former
prices. The market closed at tho follow
ing range of quotations: Mess pork, cash or
seller the month, $i3.05a13.10; do seller Janu
ary, $13.23a13.30; do seller February, $13.60
a13.C5; do seller March. $13.85a13.90; do
seller April, $14.20. Lard, cash, or seller
tho month. 8 l-2aß 5-8 c do seller January. 8 3-4o;
do seller February*. 8 7-Ba9c; do seller March.
9 l-4c. Green meats at 3 7-80 for shoulders; 5 3-8o
for short ribs; 5 7-8o for short clear, and
6 3-4ca7 3-4 c for hams. Dry salted meats •at
4 1-BU4 l*4c for shoulders; 5 l-2c for rough sides;
6c for short ribs; 6 l-4u6 «-8c for short clear.
Boxed meats 3-Bal 2c higher than the above quo
tations for loose. Boxed, Cnmberlands, G 1-88.
Bweet pickled hams. Baß 3-4 c: mess beef,.
$8.00a8.25; extra mess beef, S10.00; city tal
low, 8 l-4aß 3-4 c. Bales were reported of
700 brls mess pork at $13.071-2 143 brls do (coun
try) at $12.75; 500 brls do,seller January, at $13.80;
1,430 brls do at $13.25; 500 brls do at $14.20;.700
brls do, seller February, at $13.621-2: 1,000 brls do
at $13.55 3.5C0 brls do, seller March, at $13.90;.
1.000 brls do at $13.87 1-2; 1,500 brls do, seller
April, at $14.20; 100 tes lard at 81-2 c; 500 tea-do,
seller January, at 8 3-4o; 500 tes do at 87-8o;.2S0
tes do at 8 5-8 c; 500 tes do, seller February, at 9c;
250 tes do at 8 7-8 c; 1,500 tes do, seller March,.at
9 l-4c; 100,000 lbs green shoulders at $3.85 per 100-
lbs; 400 bxs cured do at 4 5-Sc; sale was rumored
of 600 lbs do (country) on private terms; 600 bxs
short ribs at 6 3-8 c; 40.000 lbs green hums at 7 l-4c;
80.000 lbs do at 7o; 20,000 lbs do at 6 a-ic; 20,000 lbs
do at C l-2c; 500 tes sweet pickled do at S 3-40.
The folio-wins the packing reported to
date, and same to one year ago, at the most im
portant points
Chicago.,
Cincinnati,
Louisville.
St; Louis.
Milwaukee..
Indianapolis.
Peoria
St. Joseph,
Flour -was very quiet anil llrm. There was a
moderate demand on Southern account,.but offer
ings, were light. Sales were reported; ofi CO-brls
white winter extras (People’s) at $8.25200 brJs
spring extras at $c.7J; 100 brls do atsCJ39*,loo brla
do at ffC.23 100 brls do at sG.oo 200 brla do a«
sc.co 100 brls do on private terms cobrla spring
supcrflnes at $4.071-2 100 brls do.at $1.25.ti00 VcJ's
do at S4.CO; 40 brls buckwheat flour at sS.oft;
brls do at $8.25; 10 brls do at SB.OO. Total, 2,773
brls. Also, 10 tons rye feed at $13.50 on tsark,
and 20 tons bran at $18.50 on track. Bran to arrive
was ottered at $17.00 on track.
■Wheat was active in tlie aggregate, though
quiet during tho last halfof the, session,anti aver*
aged fully IMc higher than 24 hours previously,
though with no encouragement from New York,
and Liverpool. But the receipts were Uglr.t (only
40 cars) and promise to ho so mthe futesf j, while
there is a good demand from Tho interior for mill*
Ing purposes. A good deal o C the w/aeat that
would ordinarily hare come to Cnicogo is
now going to other potato. This is
cfpeeiallj' true of Peoria, which, isirow milling
large quantities of Hour, much of it wheat
drawn from the northwestern territory hitherto
tributary to Chicago. Thofeor of a/.-arcity made
thcS a- short interest uervoJis /early, and
they quickly rushed up, the market in
options, cash-wheat following su'/t, though but
little wanted. The market for ’seller January
opened at $1.221-2, improved to $*,.223-4, and closed
at 81.221-2. Seller last-half of tins month sold at
$1.21 l-4a1.2l I*2. and seller the month at $1.20 3-4 a
1.23. Seller Fehruarysold at f|i.24 i-2a1.20. The
lower grades were very quiet; Cash sales were
reported of 400 hu No. 1 sprin// at $1.26; 47,700 bu
No. 2 spring at $1.2110,000 /bu do at $1.20 7-3;
24,800 bu do at S 1.20-3-4; ifiji bn No. 3 spring at
$1.121-4 j.ioo bu rejected do at $1.05.
Corn was 3-4 c higher, and ,ln active demand at
the advance, principally to. a speculative way.
New Yorkwaa quoted firmer, and our receipts
were less, but the great veason of tho Improved
‘one was tho fact that tt.o supply of com to this
.Ity promises to bo mueti less this winter than was
expected, as’a, great deal is now being used for
bog feeding, ana Ccutrril and Southern Illinois
are now shipping liber/ally 'to Cairo. The latter
port will rather interfere with xoledo~than Chi
cago, but had its influence on prices, neverthe
less. The market for casn lots of No. 2 opened
at 42 l-2c, and advanced to 42 7-8, closing firm at
42 5-Sa42 3-4 C. Selle*January sold at 42 7-8a43 1-So,
seller February af/43 3-ia44c seller April at 45 0 8
a 45 3-4c;and6oUf/rMayat 48 5-Ba43S-4c. Seller
June was quotod/at 49 l-2c. Cash sales, were re
ported of: 21,w/o bu N0.2 at 42 78c 54.200 bu do at
42 3-4o; 52,800 hr*‘ do at 42 5-8 c; 3,200 bu do at 42 l-2c;
7,200 hu rejeeV/d at 40 i-2c; 3,000 bu doat 40 l-4f;
6,000 bu do at 60c 400bu ears at 420 on track;
2,400 bu do at, 43c delivered. Totil, 151,400 bu.
Oats were .very quiet and weak, opening at 33c,
dacliuiagto (32 3-4 c, and closing at 327-sc. The gen
eral feelin'g seemed to 00 that oats arc high
enough; >ienco there was an almost utter ab
sence of demand from any quarter.- seller Janu
ary sold/St 33 l-4a33 3-Bc. Seller April was nom
inal at *>s i-2a360; and seller May at 33a38 l-_c.
Cash /Odes wero reported of 1,200 bu at 33 l-3c;
13,CD0, bu at 33c; 1,200 bu at327-8c; 3,€00 bu at 32
2-40600 pu rejected at3ol-2C: WO bu do at 30c;
CCO-bn by sample at 34c. Total, 21,400 bu.
Ifive was quiet, but l-4al-2c higher, owmg to a
light supply. Sales wero 400 bu No. 2 at C 3 3-lc;
2 bCO bu No. 3 and No. lat 03 l-2c; 400 ba rejected
/at ssc; 200 bu do at 57c. Total, 3,800 hu. For sell
i cr January 04c was bid.
Barley was quiet, but a shade firmer, in sym
pathy with corn, closing ateady. Seller January
sold at 041-2. Cash sales were reported of 1,200 bu
No. 2at 63 l-2c; 1,200 bu at 63 1-U; 7,000 bu do r,l
63c; 4,000 bu No. Sat Sic; 400 bu, by sample, at
85o; 4GO bu do at 82c; 400 bu do at 760; 400 bu do
atT2c. Total, 13.000 bu,
Tuc Toledo Blade notices a deep-laid cianto
switdle produce-dealers in the country,'bv'asking
for consignments, and giving references on a
Baik,” which duly endorses them, said bank
having only a mythical existence. The Blade
sagely adds:
u Tm only course 13 for dealors to Uavo
nothing to do with parties at a distance of whose
standing and reliability they have evidence that
cannot he questioned/’
With whom, then, should men do business
The Pittsburgh Gazette says:
“The enormous over-production of anthracite
coal in the Lehigh and Schuylkill districts, has
caused a great decline in prices, and will necessi
tate the cessation of operations at the collieries.
Even should work be continued, a reduction in
the wages of miners must take place, and the in
evitable strike will follow. Altogether, for both
miners and operators, the sky looks gloomy, and
much hardship to both seems about to' fall.
LATEST.
In tho afternoon the produce markets wore
very quiet. No. 2 spring wheat closed at $1.211-4
seller last half nnd $1.231-2 seller January. Com
sold at 42 3-4 c seller the month, and 43 l-8c for
January.
Review of the Chicago Live Stock Market,
Week Endlsf Dvc, 9,
The receipts of live stock during the week up
to this evening were as follows:
Cattle Sags. Sheep.
Monday 1,794 17.T95 236
Tuesday 1,986 18,274 64
Wednesday 1,529 27,054 937
Thursday. 1,849 29,593 1,550
Friday 687 23,058 35
Saturday.., 500 20,000 159
Total 8,343' 139,379 2,442
Last week.... 4,560 102,683 2,141
Week before last. 10,299 104,411 4,359
Week ending Nov, 18...13,219 110,673 3,445
Total for 4 week 5..36,453 454,146 15,587
The following were tho shipments:
Cattle. Sags. Sheep,
Monday 1,341 3,505
Tuesday 389 2.868
Wednesday 1,301 4,417 674
Thursday 838 5,820
Friday 894 1,707
Saturday.
$10,807,270.38
Total.
The receipts of live stock since January 1, -1871,
compare with tho receipts for tho corresponding
period last year, as follows:
Cattle. Hogs. Shetp.
Since Jan. 1,1871 599,800 2,102,803 302,982
Same period 1870 508.501 1,443,977 217,096
Increase....
Decrease
So'iar as the better grades of stock, such as
usually find their way intethe hands of Eastern
buyers, were concerned, the course of the market
throughout tho past week was all that could
reasonably bo desired. Eastern advices have
been uniformly favorable, prices being reported
higher all around, tho advance varying from l-4a
3-4 c. This favorable state of things, in connectija
with the light receipts and the unsually line
quality of the stock marketed, stimulated the de
mand, and imparted a firm, healthy tone to the
market for all grades that conlagbe handled,
to advantage by shippers. In the .market for
common descriptions there is no change to note
for the better, the demand continuing light, and
prices remaining weak and unsettled. Nor is
there a prospect of any decided improvement un
til there is a diminished supply of poultry and
game, or so long as it can bo bonght for Uttlo
more than one-naif the prices demanded by the
retail butchers for “steak.” There has been a
very liberal attendance of Eastern buyers,
whose daily wants proved suflioiont
to absorb all suitable offerings,
and prices have ruled firm and uniform at |4.25a
4.60 for medium to fair steers averaging from'
1,100 to 1,250 lbs, and at $4.75a5.60 for good to
really choice droves averaging from 1,240 to 1,400
lbs. Some extra droves fetched high prices, $5.73
aC.OO being realized in a few instances, while a
fancy “bunch” found a buyer at $7.00. This
drove embraced 12 head and averaged 1,714 lbs.
They were fed by Sam Johnston at Lincoln, 111.,
and were sold by George Ilentley
Co. to Nelson Morris. Desirable stock
steers Lave been in light supply, and though not
in active demand, have appreciated in value to
the extent of fully l-Bc, there being buyers at
$3.00a3.50 for thrifty young steers, avereging 900
lbs and upward- The poorer aorta remain nomi
nally unchanged at $2.37 l-2a2.C2 1-2. Only a few
Texas cattle have arrived, and only a few were
wanted. Prices remain without decided change,
ranging at $2.25a3.00 through droves and at $3.23 a
4.25 for com mon to good Northern wintered.
To-day there was little doing. Tho supply was
light, and consisted mainly of “odds ana ends”
left over from the preceding days of the week,
for which buyers were few. The fresh receipts
were readily disposed of at yesterday’s prices/
Among the offerings was a drove of 20 Durham
steers, averaging about 1,800 lbs, and 5 averaging
1,700 lbs. The latter were sold at $6.65. The market
closed steady.
Extra—Graded steers, averaging 1,400
lbs and upward. ..|5.50a5.7
Choice Bcoves—Fine, lat, well-formed 3
to s year old steers, and averaging 1,350
to MOO lbs 6.0005.25
Good Beeves—Well-fattened, flnely-form
steers. averaging 1,200 to 1,300 1b5....... 4.60a4.76
Fair Grades—Fair steers,in fair flesh,av
eraging 1,100 to 1.200 lbs 4.0004.25
Medium Claes—Medium steers and good
cows for city slaughter, averaging 800
to 1400 lbs 2.50a3.75
Stock Cattle—Common cattle in decent
flfrwtr, averaging 700 to 1,0501bs 2.50a5.50
Inferior—light and thin cows and steers 2.0003.25
The receipts of the past week have been the
largest of UlO season, reaching 136,379, against
102,080- las iweek, 104,411 week before last, and
74,206 for the corresponding week last year. With
a singls exception, the receipts during the week
Just closed were the largest ever known here,
bat such has been the character of the demand
that the supply at no time seemed oppressive,
ami the prices current at the close of last week
have been thoroughly sustained throughout.
Both packers and shippers have been
actively engaged, the former being
stimulated by the healthy condition
of the market for the product, and the latter by
tbe increased demand and the higher prices pre
valent at the East. The extreme range of prices
was 53.7Qa4.35 —the inside figure for a car load of
skippers," and the outside for a lot of Neponset
hogs. The great bulk of the hogs, however,
changed iimuis within the range of 53.95a4.15.
There is no deterioration in quality; on the con
trary* the hogs marketed during tbo past week
have been better than during last week or the
preceding one, the larger portion averaging from
2CO to 350 lbs.
To-day there -was a reasonably active demand,
and the market ruled comparatively steady. To*
•ward the close the feeling seemed scarcely so
firm then cht the reported sales •would not indi
cate any quotable decline. The pens were pretty
well cleared at $3.D0a3.C5- for common, light,
coarse, uneven, and mixed lots; at 5t.00a4.05 for
medium, and at $4.10a4.20 for good to choice,
with a few extra at $4.25. Among the transac
tions were the following;
SHEEP—There are no new features to mention
in connection with the markets for this class of
stock. The acmand eontlnuos-light, being almost
wholly confined to meeting.the current wants of
the local trade, so that the receipts, meagre as
they have been, proved adequate, and prices
were no more than sustained: at $3.25a3.50 fox
common thin lots; at f5.75at.00 for medium, ami
at $4.25a4.»5 for pood to choice. A few extra soli
at a shade higher prices. The market cloaca
steady.
COLD! GOLD!
MM, ffISSSHH i £O,
WHOLES.'SZtS.ANP URTAH
BOOKSELLERS,
No. 617 State-st,
Offer lor the holidays a complete and nee selected as
sortmunt, at low prices,-if
Fancy Stntioncry,.Gold:P«s nni Pencils, Ini
tial Paper, Fine Cut-Glass library Ink
stands, Fancy Pen Rucks,and miscel
laneous Holiday Juvenile Hooks,
WOOLWOKTH, MSSWJBTH it €O.,
517 STATE-ST.
1371. 1870.
.361.694 218,534
.373,000 201,632
.210,060 140,000
.UO.OOO 73,7T8
80,000 53^0>
62,090 37,000
30,000- 2,000
25.000
All persons wanting GOOD, SELLA
BLE Safes can now be accommodated
at the Agency of MOSLEE, BAUMANN
CO., 1351-2 Michigan-av., upon very
reasonable terms. No line of Safes
tested in the great fiery ordeal came
out with a more triumphant record.
Stock arriving daily. Call and see ns
before you buy. B. B. COOK,
General Northwestern Agent.
THE LAST WARNING
ANDREWS’ MONEY AND LOAN OFFICE, No.
27G Sooth Halsted-st, formerly 195 South Clark-st., Is
going to sell all such pledges which were saved from
tbo Great Fire, if not redeemed within 10 days:
N. B.—A largo lot of unredeemed pledges, consisting
of fine jewelry of cTory description- Also, Flro Arms
for sale at very low prices.
Kemember, 276 South Halated-st.
MONEY LOAN OFFICE,
Formerly at 101 Bandolph-at, now northeast corner
Wabash-av. and Twenty sccond-st. Room 2.
BOCK. DOCK. BOOK.
I would like to lease a Dock for a term of years, at a
LOW RATE.
Must be Convenient to Depots.
Address, stating terms, location, &c., ABC, Tribune
office.
A man cf 20 years’ experience in the lumber trade of
tbl -,cy, desires a situation with some good lumber
lirn., where tho services of a practical man would be
appreciated; salary for the wu,*u moderate; am not
afraid of work: can give the host city references. Ad
dress CHHISTIAX. Tribune ofihv, Chicag>L^^^__
LOAN
EiA.XJISr^ESB.’S
B3QNEY LOAN OFFICE,
Fnrmerlr at l(H Eaudolph sh now nortl.cant corner
TTnbalS-av and Tteentysceond-sr. I'oomd.
Do@k Front
in the now Lumber District for sale or to lease, in
quantities to suit. CHICAGO SQVXH BRANCH
pOC£ CQ. W3 Wabash-av.
18.317
4,703
653,820
24,299
CATTLE.
CLOSING PRICES.
HOGS;
STATIONERY.
SATJS.
SAFES.
LOAN OFFICE.
L^AXJJN'UICfI’S
WANTED,
TO LUMBERMEN.
REAL ESTATE.
CI.OTHINQ.
THE BOSTON
SitUARE-DEALIM
One-Price
CLOTHIERS
Have One Hundred and
Fifty Thousand
$150,000
Worth of Clothing for
you to select from.
We are now opening,
at our Headquarters, the
finest line of
Ben's, Youth’s, Boys’,
and Children’s
CLOTHING,
Ever seen in the West.
Our Prices will please
you.
568, 570 and- 572 STATE-ST.,
229 WEST MADISON,
173 TWEKTf-SECOND-ST.
DRY GOODS.
J. A. BROWN CO.,
361 WEST MADISOX-STi,
will open on Monday, Bee. 11 a
choice assortment* of Val. Sets*
Val. trimmed do., Bmb’d Linen
do., and plain Linen Sets, in now
styles, from $1 upward.
Bargains in Linen hemmed-'
stitched Hdhfs.; novelties in La~
dies’ Ernb’d Hdkfs., and lEdkf.
Boxes, suitable for HOLIDAT
PBESEfIfTS, at attractive prices.
J. A. BROWN A CO.,
361 West Madison-st
MILLINERY.
H. W. Sr J. M. WETHEREIk
MILLINERY
FANCY GOODS
WHOIiBSAIiE.
We have now in stock a choice
selection oif FANCY GOODS, de
signed expressly for IIOHDAT
PRESENTS. Also* all of the lat
est novelties of goods, such as
Nubias, 11 oods, Scarfs, Gloves,
Ac., together with our large stock
of Plilllne ry Goods, which we
offer at nn usuaUy low prices.
PATTERNS.
The Fashion House
OMERICK&CO.,
Late of 33 and S3 State-at.
HAVB NOW RESUMED BUSINESS AT
316 West Madison-st,
with aJnll snpp!y of their
CELEBRATED PATTERNS.
THE DECEMBER
‘METROPOLITAN’
AND
PATTERNS
NOW READY.
STOVES AND FURNACES.
THE
EMPIRE
&AS BURNER
Sto?es,and Furnaces,
TogtSZiar tetfh 0 full line of Cook Sfovet t
art told note, at before the fire, at
LEATEKWOJBTH’S,
218 West Xiake-st.
STOVES, I RANGES,
STOVES, RANGES,
STOVES, I RANGES,
AND
Housekeeping Goods
.SOWS,
at da:
&t.Tycnty«BecoDd«st»
Corner Wabosb-av.
REMOVAL.
SIMEON CHiSE CO.
Formerly of Washlngtra-at, under St. James, are now.
In thi.r now store,
540 WAEASH-AV..
With a first-class and full line of Gents’ Furnishing.
Goods. Agents for tho Perforated Buckskin Under
wear.
REMOVAL.
Mclntyre richards.
.TOKfttl.W T.tILOItS,
tSd tothe TOiti of taclr customers, In their nanal
satisfactory
business cards.
Office of Commissioner of Deeds,
nt 17S West Madlaon-st., near Halsted»st.
SIMION W. KITCG. Commis iionoc for all tho States
and Territories, United states Commissioner amt
icotaiy public.
THE NEW OPERA nODSEKBSTACBASr
01JNO. WRIGHT, M 7 sail Gl' l Wahaahar.. is now
pen. C:irt|hiraaC3lh AiiUllino of lino confection
ery. ■\VcihliUK and other parties supplied.
lATTNDRIES.^^^^^
boston laundry,
USDEB TlfK CENTRAL HOUSE
-237 South Slahtfd«»t.)
T novr in full operation. Pirafclaw work dona at
f OW "S«. tsw your orders;
5