2
MRS. WHARTON.
Her Trial in Baltimore for the Harder of
General Ketchum.
Beport ol the Testimony of Charles Ketch-
tun, Sod of the General.
AsNArous, Dec. 13.—1n tho Wharton cdso. to
tlay, Judge Miller ruled out the question pro
pounded to Van Ness, as to how ho came to be at
Mrs. Wharton’s house on a certain day, if well or
tick, his symptoms, &c.
Charles Ketchum was sworn. He is a son of
tho late General Ketchum. Has known prisoner
for twenty years. Remembers tho day when his
father left' Washington for Baltimore, June 24.
His health then was perfectly good, jis far
ns ho can judge. Ho had a slight sore
throat in April. Witness next saw
Ilia father on Friday, 30th June, when ho was
dead. Saw Mrs. Wharton at Mrs. Chubbs’ house
3n Washington, on the 3d day otJJuly. Knew she
was coming to Washington. I\uen ho met with
liis brother she commenced to sympathize with
them, saying she also had lost a good friend.
Her eyes were tilled with tears. She regretted
to have to talk on business matters so soon after
his father’s death, but necessity compelled her
to do so. She then said she had
called to see about $4,000 in bonds sue
had given mv father; that she was going to leave
Baltimore on Fridav or Saturday, and desiring a
letter of credit; she wished to secure the bonds,
and said she was going to Europe and would
leave New York on the following Wednesday.
Witness asked at what time she bad given those
bonds to his lather, and she replied about eigh
t en months ago; tlmt she had given him four
bonds each for one thousand dollars. They were
liivi-twenty bonds, bearing G per cent interest,
ami to be sold by mm and convert
ed into ten-forty five per cent coupon
bonds. Witness asked if his father had given any
receipt for the bonds, and she answered no. He
asked if there were any witnesses to the trans
action, and she said no. Witness said he could
do nothing, as no administrator had been ap
pointed, and would not be until Saturday next,
and neither himself nor his brother could touch
a cent before that time. She. replied that would
not do, that she would leave Baltimore on Sat
urday, and must have money to ob
tain her letter of credit be
fore she left. Witness told her
if she would accompany him to General Brice’s
office probably he could suggest some way by
which the mouev could be raised, and she con
sented. Witness then asked if sho would be
offended if he talked business to her. She re
plied that she would not. Ho then said his
father's books showed that she was in debt to
him twrntv-slx hundred dollars- She replied
that sho find paid that debt in two instal
ments; that on July 17, IS7O. she paid $1,300,
and $l3O interest, and on January 17, JS.I,
the paid the balance, $1,300, and §G3
interest for six mouths. She said my father had
noted these payments on the back of the note;
that he had entered $l3O as the amount due for
interest at the last payment, when sho said,
General, that is not right to hold SOS, the in
terest on $1,900 for sis mouths. You have calcu
lated on $2,e00.” He acknowledged the mistake,
and erased out the SIOO, and put down $63. He
then handed hera note, saying: “Ellen, now
that this transaction is ended between us, you
had better destroy the note, as it may
give you some trouble. She destroyed the note in
iiis presence. Witness asked if there were any
witnesses to the transaction, and she answered
no. Asked if sho had any receipt for the pay
ments of interest or principal, and she answered
she hadfaiot. Then went to General Brice’s office,
where ne requested Mrs. Wharton to make
known to bipi the object of her visit, when
she said she has called to secure or ob
tain tho payment of $4,000 in bonds. Gen
eral Price is witness’ undo. Witness then
detailed tho statement made by Mrs. Wharton to
General Brice in regard to the bonds, which was
the same as made to himself. General Brice was
astonished at her demand, and told her that his
father’s books and papers showed that sho was
in his debt to tho amount of $2,c00, and there was
no evidence that GeneralKetchum was in her debt
$4,000. General Brice then asked when she had
given the bonds to General Ketchum. She said
about eighteen months ago. General Brice
asked what kind of bonds they were. She re
plied four sl.ouo five-twenty bonds, to be convert
ed into ten-forties for safe keeping. General
Brice then asked about the $2,G00. when she made
the same statement in regard to having paid it ns
*he made to witness. The statement was made
in full as to the payment and advice of General
Ketchum to destroy the note, and its destruc
tion. General Bnco asked m what manner
she had paid this money. She replied:
In greenbacks.” General Brica asked
if she was not afraid to carry so largo a sum of
money about her. She said No.” Asked if she
bad anv receipt or any witness to the transaction.
Mic answered “No*’. Asked if Mrs. Chubb did not
know something about it. She replied that no
one knew anvthmg about it. The General then
told her there was no possible means of getting
the hands at that time, as tho estate of
General Ketchum was in court, and
that if her trip to Europe depended
on getting the bonds, she had better
give up all hope of going. Sho received this an
nouncement with no apparent concern or emo
tion. and got up to leave, saying she was sorry
ehe had not time to call on Mrs. Brice,hut thought
it was best she should not, as her presence might
awakou fresh grief. Mrs. Brice is sister of Gen
eral Ketchum. She Bent her love to Mrs. Brice
and left. Witness went with her to the sidewalk,
and told her he would be over in Baltimore the
next day for his father’s effects. They then sep
arated.
In replv to questions from the Court, witness
answered that Mrs. "Wharton stated that she had
made payment to kis father at Mrs. Chubb’s
house.
The next day, July 4, witness went to Balti
more and saw Mrs. Wharton at her house; then
showedner a small pocaec cuary tUut ndougod
to his father, and asked her to examine it for
herself. Ebe declined to take the diary, saying
she could not see to read it It was about 1
o’clock in the daj*. and bright, as far ashe remem
bers. Witness asked if she had her glasses with
her. She answered it would make no difference
if she had, she would be unable to read it. Wit
mss then commenced and read the contents of
each pace of the diary to her, beginning on the
llv-leaf." She was at his right hand, close enough
to hear all he read. Among entries in the diary
read bv witness were three credit payments of in
terest* on E. E.Ws note, each §l3O, dated
January 18, 1870, July 17, 1870, and
Januarv 25, 1871. While reading the entries,
Mrs. Tfhaiton inicrrupted him several times,
and spoke of four thousand dollars in bonds.
Witness said if she would wait until he pot
through he would talk about the bonds. When
ho read the payment of interest, January 2.",
1871, Mrs. Wharton said that was not correct. It
should be SCS instead of $l3O, and was paid the
17th of January, and not the 25th. He asked if
the puvment was made by cheek. She answered
no. ’fie asked if the payments of the
piincipal had been made by check or
dratt. Shesaidno; it was paid with money she
had in the house, which she received from rents,
fie asked if she could give him from her books
'the date on which she made the payments. She
replied she kept no books; did so at one time,
but ibev were 100 much trouble. Witness then
ur-kecilierto make out a memorandum of dates
on which the payments were made, which sho
jtyi ted to do, and to forward to him the next day.
Witness also requested that the mem
orandums should contain the date
when the nouds were delivered to
bis father. She said she would not like to be
ompelled to swear to the exact dates, as she
kept no books. Witness told her he would take
General Eaton with him to the Safe Deposit
Company, Washington, and have him examine
ibe bonds, and see if there was any indication
that the}* belonged to her. She consented, but
does not remember iu what words. She also
stated she could not understand why my father
claimed thqt she was in his debt, as she had paid
him in January; or why he said he was coming
to Baltimore to have a settlement before she left
for Europe, unless he had come to converse upon
business she had with him. She then told me that
my father had informed her that he had been
looking at a house somewhat above his figures,
and that if he made up his mind to bny it he would
have to ask her to return the compliment of the
loan to her. and he would give her a mortgage
on the house. She told my father
she did not know if she could
uparethe money, but if she could possibly let
him have any oi the $4,000, she would do so, and
that, as he had uscepted her note, she would cer
tainly accept his without taking a mortgage. She
al-o said she was sorry to be compelled to say so,
but she had noticed that my father’s mind was
binned at times; that in one or two recent con
versations with her shehadnoticedhe had lost the
thread oi theoonversation. Witness replied that
he had not observed it himself or heard any one
rise mention it. Does not remember her reply,
fie stated to Mrs. Wharton that on Friday, the
sad of June, the day previous to his father’s leav
ing for Baltimore, while at Mrs. Chubbs’house,
luTliad asked his father if Mrs. Wharton hud paid
the monev due him, when his father answered
hhc had not; that when Mrs. Wharton was in
Washington, on the Tuesday previous,
*-he told him she had some
misunderstanding with her banker, and could
not par him then, and she had asked Mrs. Chubb,
himself, and witness to spend Saturday with her
iu Baltimore, and she promised to pay him on
that dav. lie further said he had no objection to
her keening the money as loug as she remained
in the country, so long as she paid good interest
lie knew she was in delicate health, and
he might never seo her again,
and he might need the money to
lu-ln pav for his house. Witness fiskcd Mrs.
Wharton how she had received the interest on
the bends, and she replied, In gold, greenbacks,
and coupons,” at the different times which my
father paid her. Witness went with General
Platon to examino the bonds, which was done.
They found no indications that any of the bonds
belonged to Mrs. Wharton. He had promised
to let her know tho result of
the examination by General Eaton
by letter and did so. They also looked among
the papers for some evidence of payments made
by Mrs. Wharton, but none was found. Witness
mi id that hie father bought a house in Washing
ton on June, 12. for *IJ,IKWOfor which he paid the
full amount. On June 24 ho had a receipt for
X-avmcnt in full. A cancelled cheek for the
amount was shown, but objected to by the de
fence.
Witness continued: On tho occasion of his
going to Baltimore for his father’s effects, Mrs.
Wharton took him to the room where his father
died, and showed him a valise, umbrella and hat.
She then went down stairs and returned, bring
ing witness the key and other small articles,
fie opened the valise in Sirs. Wharton’s pres
ence, taking out the clothes and searching the
pockets to see if ho could llnd her note. He
found ngthlng. The vest was in tho valise. His
lather was 68 years old. He never used drugs
or laudanum.
Tbe prosecution now offered in evidence tho
books kepi by General Ketcbum, to show tho in
debtedness ox Mrs. Wharton to him.
Counsel for defence objected, and Mr. Steele
suggested that Die jury be allowed to retire be
fore the argument on the question of admitting
tbe b<K)ks commenced.
This was assented to by counsel for the prose
cution, and the jury retired. 1
Mr. Haynes then commenced an argument cit
mg authorities on which the objection -vvmTbased
at the conclusion of which the court adjouraed
EXPBESS BOBBERS.
Pinkerton Has a Desperate .Struggle on
a Steamer With One of the Robbers of
the Southern Express—The Prisoner
Falls Overboard and is Drowned—An
other of (be (Sang Captured.
Memphis. Dec, ir,.—This morning, while Win
Pinkerton,in company with Detective Conned*
was bringing Hiliiaid ami Farrington. tiling
Clark and Barton, the two express robbers ur
usted near Vcivua. Mo a* t-legra plied last
l. f: css. Cairo to CaUiaV.s on ill:
Clark asked Pinkerton to go on tho guard, as ho
bad something to toll him. No sooner had they
reached tno guard than Clark, though
heavily ironed, snatched Pinkerton's
revolver from bis bolt, cocked it, nndprosented It
at Pinkerton’s head, saying “I have you now.”
Pinkerton called to Connell, who, springing to his
side, knocked up the pistol as It was discharged,
tho ball grazing Pinkerton’s temple. A desperate
struggle ensued, during which Clark fell over
board, passing under the wheel, and sank. It is
supposed that the wheel struck him. At all
events he never rose again. Barton had made a
full confession, and Clark knowing this attempt
ed to kill Pinkerton for revenge.
Barton was formerly a brakeman on
the Nashville A Northwestern Railroad. Ho was
brought to Union City, near where the robbery
was committed, and lodged injaU.
A despatch this evening from Robert Pinker
ton save: Levi Farrington, brother or Hilliard,
was captured to-day at Farrington, 111., after a
terrible struggle. He will bo brought to Tennes
see for trial. x
The«e brothers are notorious horae-thelves and
murderers, and the Southern Express Company
has forever two mouths had from 20 to W detec
tives on the track of these men.
RAILROAD ACCIDENT.
Two Freight Trains on the Michigan
Central Hoad Run into
Each Other.
Three Itlen Killed aud Several
Seriously Injured.
Many persons who desired to go cast by tho
9 o’clock train on the Michigan Central Railroad
last evening, were disappointed by the announce
ment that no train would leave the depot, on
account of tho track being obstructed by an acci
dent near Niles, Mich. As is usual, so indefinite
au announcement resulted in tho spread of
rumors in regard to the occurrence One
fellow, “who knew all about it,” assorted
that two passenger trains had attempted to pass
each other on the same track, and that the result
was a natural one—both being demolished, and a
pcore of people killed or maimed for life.
This rumor was' believed by credu
lous people, and doubled by those who do
not form conclusions in tho absence of facts to
substantiate them. Inquiry established tho fact
that there had indeed been a collision, but tho
loss of life was not so great as represented, ft
happened about to o’clock in tho morning, a few
miles from Niles, about 90 miles from Chicago,
the trains which collided being an up aud a down
freight. The locomotive attached to each train
was demolished, and ten or twelve curs wero
thrown fromtbc track and broken iutofragmeuts,
the road being covered with debris. Three men
were killed instautlv,—the engineers and thoflro
nian of tho up train.—and two severely injured—
the fireman of the down train aud a brakoman.
None of their names could be learned, nor could
their place of residence. As soon as information
of the accident reached Niles, all the available
men in tho employ of the company, aud
a large number of citizens repaired to tho scene
of the catastrophe aud commenced the work of
removing tho wreck so as to enable other teams
to pass. This was not so easily accomplished,
several hours being required to llxtholoosonol
rails and those which had been torn from their
fastenings, and to carry off the remnants of tho
demolished cars. By 0 o’clock in the evening the
track was clear, and tho trains which had been
obliged to lay over went on their way. The
trains due in this city at 5:03 aud 7:47 p. m. ar
rived here a little over three hours behind time.
CITY AFFAIRS IN BRIEF.
The Chicago Flro on Canvas.
Mr. James S. Hamilton, of Philadelphia, an
artist of great local repute as a delineator of
marine views, has transferred tho Chicago fire to
canvas, with all the accessories of light and
shade.” Tho Philadelphia Press of the 13th thus
describes the picture: The picture, which is in
size about six by four feet, represents a view
from the lake looking toward the north end of
Chicago, and the time is supposed to bo Sunday
night or early Monday morning. Clouds of smoke
hang over the doomed city, and are tortured by
the high winds into the most fantastic shapes, in
tercepted with dense masses of flames, and cin
ders are borne through the atmosphere, rarilled,
as it were, for a short distance above the burn
ing buildings by tho fierce galo from tho
stormy and turbulent lake. At the right
cud of the picture a bluish sky appeals,
which gradually darkens and becomes covered
with angry clouds, tingeu with the ascending
llamcs, while the waves in the lake for a long dis
tance out catch tho reflection and illumine the
entire surface of tho water itself. A number of
boats are leaving the city, filled with excited men
and women, who frantically wave their arms, and
seem to be exhorting divine power to save them
from the double destruction with which
they are threatened. The piers and prominent
landmarks of the city are conspicuously dis
played, and the masts of shipping in the harbor
closelv hugging tho shore arc clearly discernible.
In this picture Mr. Hamilton has had an oppor
tunity of portraying the duplicate effects of storm
aud fire, and we congratulate him upon tho suc
cess with winch his efforts haw been crowned.
Tliis work typifies one of the most sulking events
of the nineteenth century."
Dedication
On Sunday, at 10:45 o’clock a. m., will bo dedi
cated the Illinois Street Mission Church, which
has just been rebuilt on the corner of Ontario and
Wells streets. The history of this church, and
the large mission school in connection with it, is
so familiarly known as to make comment super
fluous. Immediately after tho fire Mr. Moody,
whose labors for the past twelve years have been
shared between tins church and the Young Men’s
Christian Association, directed his energies in
the East toward raising the means wherewith
to rebuild a permanent and substantial
building, while the congregation, in his
absence, with commendable enterprise, have
put up a temporary structure to meet
a pressing necessity until such time as the per
manent church shall be completed. This build
ing cannot he said to present any other than a
rough, uninviting exterior, but is both commo
dious and spacious, its dimensions being 73x109
feet, with an arched ceiling 1C feet in height, and
is divided into lecture-room, class-room, and an
audience-room, with a seating capacity of 1.000.
This congregation, scattered widely by the lire,
have since been but too glad to accept the invi.
tatlons from other churches to worship with
them, hut now, that they are again in their own
home, they desire to extend a like Christian cour
tesy by inviting all who are yet without a regu
lar place of worsliip to share with them the privi
leges of this house. Mr. John Wannamakcr,
President of tho Philadelphia Young Men’s
Christian Association, who has ever felt a lively
interest in this church and school, is expected to
attend the services on Sunday.
Personal.
Hon. Marshall O. Roberta, of New York, is at
the Tremont House.
—The Record Restoring Committee of the Legis
lature were in session, in this city, yesterday.
—Mr. Talcott, the newly-elected Police Com
missioner, will take the oath of office on Monday.
—United States Senator Wright, of lowa, was
at the Tremont House yesterday.
—James Warrack, Esq., the British Consul in
this city, is spending a lew days at Philadelphia.
—fir. L. Sykes, Jr., Vice President of tho Chi
cago Sc Northwestern Railway, was at the
Sherman House yesterday.
—Horace Williams, President of tho Sioux City
Railroad, and C. R. Griggs. President of the
Bloomington Sc Western Railroad, were at tho
Tremont House yesterday.
—Captain Jimmy Wood, formerly of this city,
acknowledges the receipt of all buck salary duo
him from Die Chicago Base Ball Club, and the re
serve fund voted him by the Board of Directors a
few weeks a go.
—O. C. Gibbs, Standard Hall Relief and Aid
Society, desires information of William Black, a
sailor on the likes, whose letters were formerly
addressed In the care of Michael McCauley,No.
153 North Water street.
—Alderman Bateham desires us to state that
the alleged interview between him and a reporter
of the Republican, published in that paper some
weeks ago, is entirely false. He was absent from
Chicago at the time the stuff was printed, only
returning a few days ago. No interview ever
occurred between him and a Republican re
porter, and therefore tho statements he is
charged with making against the management of
the Relief and Aid Society are a coinage of the
reporter’s brain. Sir. Bateham has the utmost
confidence iu the gentlemen at the head of the
relief work in this city.
A Bln Steal Frustrated.
Notwithstanding the efforts of the police to
prevent the carting off of iron and debris from
the burnt district on the South Side, the pecula
tion of the remains of destroyed buildings still
continues. Yesterday an extensive steal was
slopped by Collector McLain. About 10 o’clock
in the morning two men called at his ollico in tho
Custom House and asked if they were to look to
him for their pay for hauling away iron and brick
from the old Marine Hospital. Ho told them
that they could nor, as the Government had sold
the property to Mr. Joicc, of the Michigan South
ern Railroad. The Collector, thinking that some
thing was wrong, asked if the debris was being
removed. They said it was, and that a man
named O’Brien was on the ground
with a Jot of teams and men, who were carting
it off very rapidly. Captain Harrington, Custom
House Inspector, was sent to the ruins, and he
there found twenty teams, and forty men at work
loading them. Ho inquired for the boss,” and
was reierred to O’Brien, who told him that he
had been employed to do the work by u New
York man, whose name he did not know. This
statement waauot believed, and he was requested
to order his men and teams away, which he did
immediately. Considerable iron had already
been carried off, ana but for tho prompt action of
Collector McLain, O’Brien would doubtless have
pocketed considerable money by selling Mr.
Joice’s property.
Accidents.
An engine on tho Pittsburgh Sc Ft. ayno Rail
road, ran into a team driven by Martin Murphy,
at the Twelfth street crossing, yesterday. One
of the horses was instantly kdled and tho wagon
demolished. Murphy escaped by jumping into
the street.
—Early yesterday morning as Policeman Con
drey was walking along Hubbard street near
Desphiines, he heard the ery of 44 help,” and upon
reaching the place whence the cry came, found a
man stretched upon Lis back unable to move.
Ho had fallen oil’ the sidewalk and struck the
frozen ground, ten feet below, and had sus
tained internal injuries, in addition to having Ids
lace and hands “skinned.” Ho claimed that he
was not drunk, but appearances were against
him. Ascertaining that ho lived at No. 150 North
May street, the ollicer conveyed him thither and
called iu a physician to attend to him.
—An accident happened on Michigan avenue,
near Harrison street, yesterday afternoon, which
resulted m serious injur}' to Robert Clemens, and
the braising of Theodore Wagner. They were
driving down tho avenue at a faster gait than
tho law allows, and when just south of Harrison
street, collided with a loaded truck wagon. Their
buggy was broken into numberless pieces, and
tbe occupants were thrown head-long Into tho
street. Policeman Plumb witnessed tuo occur
rence, and, as Clemens was evidently badly in
jured, lie took him to No. 247 Michigan avenue,
the residence of a physician. Clemens received
a severe gat-h over the left eye, and internal In
juries of si serious nature. Wagner, who is an
undertaker, and lives on Milwaukee aveuue, had
the skin torn from his nose and loft brease, but
was abloto walk home.
Young men's Christian I'nlon,
This society, judging from the general objects
set hull; in Ua published card, has bduorganized
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE; SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 187 L
for a good purpose, and promises to exert a good
and useful influence in this eity. David A. Gage
Is tho President of tho Union, and an excellent
Board of Directors, composed of such gentlemen
as Mr. CoolbaugU and. Mr. Pullman manage its
affairs. Tho Union has projected a course of lec
tures, to bo given on successive Sunday evenings
in Standard Hall. The subject of tho one to bo
given to-morrow evening la” Honor l»o King,’
and Rev. Florence McCarthy is tho speaker. The
other speakers in the course are as follows:* De
cember 24, Rev. H. H. Powers, D. D.; December
31, Rev.Robert Laird Collier, D.D.; January?,
Rabbi Falsenthal; January 14. Rev. C. D. Helinen
January 21, Rev. Edward Sullivan; January 23,
Rev. TV m. Alvin Bartlett: February 5. Rev. Jesse
B.Thomas; February 12, Rev. AbbottE. Kittndge.
A social meeting of ladies and gentlemen is
held monthly, and tho Debating Club meets Tues
daylevcning; Shakspearo Club, Wednesday even
ing Gorman Class, Thursday evening; Conversa
tion Club, Friday evening, and classes lu
French and English literature are in process of
formation. Thus tho work of the Union promises
to bo au important ono.
Announcements,
Rev. W. H. Murray will lecture this evening at
the first Congregational Churoh, corner of West
Washington streets. Subject; “Deacons.”
—On andafter January 1,1871,n0 more frame
buildings will bo permitted to bo erected in the
burnt district of the South Division. This is the or
der of the Board of Public Works.
—The members of Cosmopolitan Lodge No. G,
Knights of Pythias, are requested to meet in their
hall. No. 82 West Randolph street, this evening at
7:30 o’clock. Important business will bo intro
duced. A full attendance is requested.
—Rev.W.W. Pattonjwill lead tuo West Side noon
meeting to-day at tho new rooms of the Y. M. C.
A., No. 99 Randolph street, up stairs. Tho South
Side noou meeting will he held at tho First Bap
tist Church. Subject at both meetings: The Sun
day School lesson for next Sabbath.
North Side Fire Limits,
Certain property owners in tho North Division
are circulating a petition to the Common Council,
suggesting the following for tho fire limits of that
division: Commencing at the North Branch on
Kinzie street, thence east to a point ono hundred
and ten feet west of Wells street; thence
north to North avenue; thence oast
to tho lake; thence south following the lake shore
to Indiana street; thence west to St. Clair street;
thence south to the river; thenco following tho
river to the place of beginning.” As regards tho
provisions ot tho law for tho North Division, the
petitioners recommend tbo following: “That
within such limits all outside walls shall bo con
structed of brick, stone, or other non-combuattblo
material, leaving the thickness of walls and their
arrangement to be decided by the owners, under
tho general direction of the police or lire authori
ties, with tho additional provision that wooden
cornices shall bo prohibited aud that all roofs
shall bo covered with iron, slate, asphalt, or other
incombustible covering.
The Police Force.
The Superintendent of Police has issued a very
proper order, directing the patrolmen to pay
more attention to their personal cleanliness
when in uniform, aud prohibiting them from
smoking pipes and cigars in tho streets aud in
public places when on duty. There is just ono
thing omitted from this order, by accident, wo
suppose, and that is that no officer or patrolman
shall enter, except to repress disorder, any
drinkingsaloou, or lounge about tho doors there
of when in uniform. It would, perhaps, bo diffi
cult for a stranger to decide in which of two or
three buildings near Union street tho police
headquarters are located,if he judge by the num
ber ot uniforms in each.
Omnibus Racing
Omnibus No. ic, of tho Z. I.l*. Lino, ami Omni
bus No. 18, of Young’s Line, had a lively brush
yesterday afternoon from Eighteenth to Harri
son street. The leading stage kept swinging
Irom side to side across tho avenue to keep tho
other from passing, greatly to tho terror of the
passengers aud such persons as happened to be
m the street. Is it not about time that this om
nibus-racing was stopped by tho police, or must
wo wait until another life is sacrificed I Will
Mr. Kennedy take cognizance of the state ol
uffu irson Wabash avenue I
Mark T«valn J Lectures.
Mark Twain’s advent seems to have marked a
now point of departure In tho lecture business.
The rush for season tickets for tho second South
Side course, which is to begin on tho Isth of Jan
nary, is almost equal to that which inaugurated
the West Side course. Those who wish to secure
desirable seats will, no doubt, profit by tho hlut
suggested by this fact and not postpone buying
their tickets till the best aro taken. All tho re
served scats for Mark Twain’s West Bide lecture
have been bought up at tho depots and who
wish to go to the South Side lecture bu Monday
evening will be obliged to buy tW.7 tickets early
to get in the church,
Miscellaneous.
The ladies of the Third Unitarian Society desire
to publicly thank the Elliptic Sewing Machine
Company for tho gift of one of their best ma
chines.
—The Chicago Society of the New Jerusalem
arc to rebuild their burned church in a new loca
tion, on the southeast corner of Prairie avenue
and Eighteenth street.
—Providence, Rhode Island, contributed $13,-
2C3.31 to the sufferers of Chicago, $2,903.80 to the
burnt out of Wisconsin, and 53.47C.C7 to the suffer
ers of Michigan, making a total of $19,645.87.
—Tho Young Men's Christian Association are
receiving large donations of books from Eastern
publishers, which will be placed on tho shelves
of their library as soon as possible. It is hoped
that all who have books belonging to the library
will return them to the rooms, No. 97 Randolph
street, without delay.
—Mr. John McDonald, a clerk in tho freight of
fice of the Lake Shore <k Michigan Southern Rail
road, has been missing since the 14th Inst. Ho
left the ollice at 5 o’clock in tho afternoon, saying
ho was going to his home. No. 53 Twenty-eighth
street, but he did not go there, and nothing has
been heard of him since. He is tall and slender,
and has light-brown hair and light-blue eyes.
—Philadelphia’s contribution to tho Chicago
sufferers, on the 9th inst., amounted to $250,517.25.
Of this sum SIOO,OOO has boon remitted, leaving a
balance in bank at Philadelphia of $150,-"47.28.
The Treasurer has advised tho Chicago Relief
and Aid Society of tho amount of tho undrawn
balance, that It Is drawing Interest at tho rate of
5 per cent, and that interest will bo allowed until
the amount is drawn.
—A party of drunken sailors attacked Captain
John Long, of the schooner Ellon Williams, in a
Kinzie street saloon, yesterday afternoon, and
kicked and heat him until he became insensible.
Ho was taken to the Madison Street Station by a
policeman, and medical assistance was sent for.
Both his eyes were closed up by the too of a boot,
coming in contact with tho lids, and his nose and
checks were perfectly raw. None of the brutes
concerned in the affray were arrested.
Important Notice.
We have frequently called the attention of our
roadersto the fact that I). I). Mallory it Co., pack
ers of the delebratcd Diamond Brand Oysters, do
not bring their oysters hero in bulk, which causes
them to ferment and sour more or less, and pack
in cans with but few oysters and plenty of water,
but put them tip in their own packing house in
Baltimore iu cans and bring them hero by Ad
am’s Express, and deliver from their depot No.
H4 West Randolph street, to all lirst-class gro
cers and meat markets, and re-ship to all points
through the country. Persons should bo particu
lar to sec that a diamond is stamped on the side
of each can with the name of D. D. Mallory Sc Co.,
packers, Baltimore.
Fire-Proof Hoofing.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sin: We noticed, iu yesterday’s Triduke, your
remarks concerning tho patent continous rooting
plate imported by the N. G. Taylor Company,
Philadelphia, and your advice to your readers to
correspond with these parties. We are selling
their goods in Chicago, and shall bo glad to see
any parties interested in tire-proof rooting,”
and will take pleasure in explaining tho peculiar
advantages of this patent. Yours truly,
Cragin Bros. Sc Co.
Nos. 5C and 68 North Clinton street.
Chicago and Northwestern Bailway—Sun-
day Train.
The through Pacific express train for Council
Bluffs, Omaha, San Francisco, and all other Far
West points, will leave tho Wells street depot of
the Chicago Sc Northwestern Railway, at 10:45 a.
m., Sunday December 27. Through tickets via
Chicago, Burlington A (Quincy, and Chicago Rock
Island Sc Pacific Railways will bo good on this
train.
New Warehouse.
Tin* destruction of the principal warehouses of
the city lias been a matter of much inconven
ience to city merchants, and they will be pleased
to learn that Messrs. Lester Updike have
finished their new brick warehouse on Taylor,
between Clark and Griswold streets. Tho loca
tion is central to every railroad running Into tho
city, and accommodations are furnished for gen
eral merchandise at fair rates.
Large Auction Soles-
We desire to call the special attention of tbo
readers of Txik Tiuhune to tlie great auction
sales of dry goods, boots and slices, and other
merchandise, advertised in another column, to bo
held next week by Win. A. Butters «fe Co., at their
large temporary auction house, now known as
the “Red Front.”
Special Notice.
The semi-annual interest on Northern Pacific
7-30 gold bonds will bo duo on January l. Wo cash
tho coupons in gold, or allow current gold rates
therefor. Northern PAcillo bonds for sale, both
coiir° n fl°d registered. Lunt, Preston ,fc Kean,
taniers, corner Kiiadolpli and naluted streets.
Oysters.
The public will hear in mind that for freshness',
flavor, and fulness of cans, P. J. Ruth’s oysters
to ho relied upon. Send in your Christmasorders
early. Depot Nos. Ba, 85, and 87 South Canal
street.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
Hold clerks must needs be very courteous
men, or they will merit much of tho odium which
attaches to thoeo who are tho reverse. The Amer
ican House, Boston, is peculiarly happy in having
among its corps such general favorites with tho
travelling public as Messrs. Myrick, Doyle, and
Clapp.
Hazard dk Caswell’s Cod IHver Oil is
tbo purest, sweetest, and best in tbe world.
Physicians have decided it superior to any other
Cod Liver Oil in the market. Patients who have
once taken it can take no other.
This is Hie season of the year-when chil
dren teething are almost sure to have dysentery
and diarrhu-a. Sirs. Winslow’s Soothing Syrup is
a never-failing remedy.
One box of Dnrno’s Catarrh Snuff will
secure more health, do more good, and relieve a
greater variety of pain than any other medicine
wo know of. It is cheaper, ua well as bettor. Try
it and sec how easy it is to get rid of a cold.
The Sherman House certifies to the supe
riority and uniformity of Burnett’s Superior Fla
voring Extracts. Seld everywhere.
Corns, Bunions, Nails, Extracted
without pain by Dr. Kenisoii. Chiro
podist at 853 Wabash avenue, coiner Eighteenth
falicet,’formerly liu and IIS Clark sued.
EVEimrG PROVISION BOARD.
Bales of 500 brls iwS, February* atTia ,*no
76; 300 brls, March; In 95 Joo
bris lard. March, 0 3-4o; 2,000 pieces green bntjv
average 37 lbs, c 3-4 c; 3 car, 16 lbs average ?o
--2,000 pieces greon shoulders. 3 7-8o; 2 car-loadi
green shoulders, 3 7-80. Market steady oaaß
WABKEXS BY TELEQBAPH.
Foreign Markets.
London, Deo. 15—1:20 p. m.—Consols. 9° i-i*
6-20S, 92 3-4. 1H
Liverpool, Dco. 15—1;20,p. m.—Flour, 25ai2Ss
Wheat—Winter, lls 6d; No. 1 spring, ua 4a No’
2 spring, 10s lOd; white, 12s 7d. Corn, 32s 3d’
Fork, 525. Lard, 45s Cd.
Liverpool, Dco. 15—2 p. m.—Receipts lost
three days, 35,000 qrs., 25,000 being American.
Pork, 535; Lard, 45s 90.
London, Dcc.ls—s:oo p.m.—Consols, 921-4; ac
count, 92 3-8. Bonds—’62, 92 3-8 ’63, 93 3-4; ’67,
93 34, ex-interest; 1040s, 9134,
Crude petroleum, IGalGd.
Paris/Dec. 15.—Specie in Rank of Franco in
creased 534.000 X. Rentes, 67f 50.
Liverpool, Dec. 15- -Evening.—Cotton quiet;
middling upland and Orleans, 10 l-4aio 3-8 d; sales
5 000 bales; .speculation and export, 5.000. Ad
vices from Manchester less favorable; cause,
dulness; sales for the week, 132,000 bales; ex
port 19 000 bales; speculation, 23,000 bales 5 stock,
458.000 bales; American, 69,000 bales.
Breadstuff*—Red winter wheat, Hs6d. Flour,
25a285.
Mess pork, 533. Lard, 45s 3d. Cumberland mid
dles, 355; short ribs, 37s Gd.
Cheese, C2s.
Tallow, 46s 6d.
Bnifalo Ure Slock Market.
Buffalo, Deo. 15.—Cattle—Receipts, 30 car
loads, making the supply 355 cars against 371 at
tho sumo time last week. Arrivals generally go
forward in first hands; sales 35 Illinois steers, av
1,325 lbs, at $5.25, and 32 Missouri, av 1,188 lbs, at
$4.50.
Sheep—Receipts, 400 head. Market closed dull
and drooping; no demand. Sales 218 Michigan
sheep, av 78 lbs, at $4.37 1-2; 187 Indiana, uv 89
lbs. at $5.121-2.
Hogs—Receipts, 7,000 head. Market slow aud
prices 10c lower; demand better for heavy
weights; sales 3,000 head at $4.30a4.50 for medium
to choice.
New Vork litre Stock Market.
New York, Dec. 15.—Receipts ot hooves to-day,
500, with more expected to-night. Total receipts
this week, 8,100. Market slow, ami thin stock
lower. Lots of yesterday’s Texans are still un
sold. A low of 534 cwt wont at He; Illinois cut
tle of c, cwt at 9i-; some of 734 cwt at lie; fancy
holiday cattle of 15 cwt went at 14a14 l-2c.
Sheep—Receipts, 2.200 to-dav, and 17,800 for tho
week. This light run causes a strong market.
Two ears thin 65-lb Ohio sold at 5 l-2c; two cars
78-lb Michigan at fie; one cur 117-lb Canada at
7 l-2c; one car 130-lb Stale at Bc.
Hogs—Receipts, 4,100 to-day, and 89,000 for tho
week. Dressed unchanged; live rather stronger,
hreo cars selling at 5 l-Bc.
KnninN City litre Stock Market.
Special Despatch to Tho Chicago Tribune,
Kansas Citv, Mo., Dec. 15.—Uattlo—Received
at stock yards, 197 head: no shipments or sales.
Hogs—Received at packinghouses, 1,936 head;
at stock yards, 1,094 head. Shipments none;
sales, ill head, averaging 270 lbs,at $3.85; slaugh
tered, 3,587 head. There Is nothing now in the
market to-day. Receipts ure in tho usual amount;
quotations. $3.70 to $3.55.
Sheep—Received at stock yards, 105 head.
New Vork Ury Goodi Market,
New York, Deo. 13.—Heavy brown sheeting
have a tendency toward tho hardening of rates.
Woollens are held with an unusual degree of firm
ness. Atlantic A and Appleton A brown shoot
ings have risen to 13 l-2c, Atlantic II to 12c.
Augusta yard wide, 11 34u12e t Amoskcag yard
wide bleached muslins are up to 181-2 c, but still
job in some bouses 150. Peppered 74 bleached
shootings command 27 l-2c, amt 84 do soc. Amos
keagtC ticks 20c; Ocean do, 10c; Sheridan 3x3
stripes, 10 l-2c.
Albany Live Mt«ck Market.
Aluanv, Dec. 15.—The cattle offerings to-day
wero the largest and beat ever seen bore. Cattle
sold steadily but slowly, at tho price current last
week, the range being from $4.50 to SG.SO.
Sheep and lambs—Supply largo: demand not
active; line woelshvcn-,®i,6ua(5.521-2; choice,s6.w)
uimbs, $C.75u7.5«.
Hogs—ln good demand; sales of State at $4.75 a
5.W Western, 55.00a.5.25.
The Frodace Markets.
NEW YORK.
New York, Dec. ir>.—Cotton—Weak and lower;
middling upland, 19 7-80.
Breadstuffs— Flour dull; holders anxious to
fell; receipts, 0,000 brls; super Western and State,
$5 85a6.25; common to good, $G.40aC.55; good to
choice. $6.C0a7.10; white wheat extra, $7-05a7-25;
extra Ohio, $c.55u7.35; St. Louis, $G.80a9.25. Rye
flour and com meal unchanged. Wheat dull and
lower; receipts, 6,000 bu; No. 2 spring, SLSOa
1.54; winter red Western. $1.5701.C0; amber, $1.62
aI.GS; white, $i.C5a1.77. Ryo unchanged. Barley
heavy; Western,Boaßsc. Malt unchanged. Corn
firm; receipts, 27,000 bu; new Western mixed
afloat, 77 l-2uTB l-2c; old do in store, 771-2 C; afloat,
79 e. Oats dull and heavy receipts, 13,000; west
ern and Ohio, 55 l-2a5C l-2c.
Hors—Unchanged.
T'gos steady at X3a37c.
Groceries—CoUeo firm; RiolSa2ol4; Sugar
firm; fair to good refining, 9 l-Ba9 l-2c; Cuba, 8 34a
0 l-2c. Molasses firm; Now Orleans, 50a35c. Rloo
drm, atßl-2a9c.
Petroleum—Crude, 12 l-2a-12 34c; refined,
23 l-2c.
Turpentine—Unchanged.
rnovisiONs-Pork steady at $13.50a13.75; January
814.87; March, 515.00. Beef and cut meats dull
and unchanged. Middles steady; long clear, 7 l-2a
7 !>8; short,7 7-Baß. Lard dull; No. Ito prime
steam, 0 14a9 5-fa’e kettle, 9 340; December 0 5-6;
January. 9 3-4 c; March, 10 l-Bc.
Rutter—Stcmlj*; western 11a23c; Stale, 22a33c.
Cheese—Dull; common to prime, Halle,
ST. LOUIS.
Bt. Louis, Dec. is.—Cotton—Firm at 18 34a
39c.
Breadstuffs—Flour quiet and unchanged.
Wheat dull and weak, with a downward teuaen
cv; small sales of No. 2 red winter at $1.54. Corn
dull and unchanged. Oats dull and unchanged.
Burley—Nothing doing. Kyo lirm; No. 2,73 c.
Whiskey—Lower at 90c.
Provisions—Pork quiet; $13.25, cash and seller
last half. Dry Kilt meat quiet for jobbing and
order lots; loose shoulders, sc; do clear rib, 6e;
clear, Gl-4eaCs-8. Bacon steady for order lots;
clear rib, 3-Sa7 l-2c; clear sides,3-4c. Lard-
Fair demand for future, but sales private.
Hoes—Quiet and weak at 4a4 l-4c; bulk sales,
51.10a4.30.
Cattle—Unchanged.
Recehts—Flour, 2,ooohrls; wheat, 19,000 bn;
corn,'ls.ooo bu; oats, 0,000 hu; rye, 2,000 bit;
hogs, 8,1-00.
MILWAUKEE.
Milwaukee, Dec. 3 j.—Breadstuffs Flonr
quiet and unchanged. Wheat steady; No. 1, $1.221-2;
No. 2, $1.19 3-4. Oats Steady: No. 2, 32 l-2c.
Corn steady No. 2,410. Ryo steady; No. 1, CIO.
Barley dull and lower: No. 2, C3c.
Hogs—ln fair demand and higher; $5.00a3.05.
Provisions—Pork quiet held firmly; mess, $13.00
a! 3.25; sugar cured hums, 8 l-2a'Jc. Lard, kettle,
y l-4c, prime steam, 9c.
Recehts—Flour, s.ooohrls; wheat, 27,000 bn.
Shipments—Flour, c.ooo brla.
CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, Dec. is.—Cotton—Dull and lower;
low middling at 38 3-4 c.
Breadstuffs—Flour steady; fami1y,50.0030.75.
Wheat steady; No. 2 red whiter. $1.45. Corn
steady; car, 4Ca47c. Oats firm; No. 2,39e. Barley
steady; spring, 70aS0c; fall, 80u85c.
Oii-s—Unchanged.
Provisions—Pork dull; $14.00 as«tod of
ered. Lard dull and held higher; 8 7-Bay l-4c
nakea; 8 3-4u9 i-8e ofibred. Built meats dull and
held higher; asked, shoulders, 5 5-8 c; sides, R l-2a
G 3-4a7c, all fully cured sales of clear nb, 7 l-4c,
delivered Ist of next April. Bacon qdlet; 7 l-4c
for shoulders; 7 3-4 c for clear rib.
Hogs—ln fair demand and higher; $4.40a4.C5.
Receipts, 11,500. n r1
Green Meats—Dull and drooping; 4 l-2c,51-2c,
5 3-4 c, and cc. __ _
TOLEDO.
Toledo, Dec. is.—Breadstuffs—Flour dull
and unchanged. Wheat dull and shade lower;
No. 2 whito Wabash. 51.471-2; No. 1 white Michi
gan, $1.47; amber, $1.43 1-4; No. 1 red, $1.411-2;
No. 2, $1.30 1-4. Corn dull and shade lower; high
mixed, 49c; low mixed, 18c; yellow, 50c. Oats
dull and unchanged.
Hogs—Steady at $5.05a5.10.
Receipts—Flour.7oohrls; wheat,7oobu; corn,
15.000 bu oats, 3,000 bu.
SiiiratEXTS—Flour. 300 hrls; wheat, 700 bu; corn,
2.000 bu; oata, 2,000 hu.
NEW ORLEANS. _
New Orleans, Dec. is.—Breadstuffs—Flour
scarce and firmer; superfine, $7.00; XX, s7.uo;
XXX, $7.02 l-2a7.75. The coni market is bare., A
lot of 858 sacks sold at £51.2.", an advance 01 4c
per bushel over previous receipts. Oats scarce
and higher at CoaC2c. Bran scarce; sales from
store at $i.72a2.00.
Hay—Quiet; prime, $35.00; choice, $37.00.
Provisions—Pork firmer at $15.00a10.121-2. Ba
con advanced; shoulders, clear rib, 8c; clear rib,
81-4e; sugar-cured hams, 13 l-2c. Lard—Tierce,
y i-2aioc; Keg, 10 i-ic.
Groceries—Sugar in fair demand; Inferior, Cl-2
ac 3 -lc; common to good common, 7a7 3-4o; fair to
fully fair, Ba9 1-2; prime, 91-2a9 3-4. Molasses
quiet; inferior, 20a30o; common, 31a350; fair, 30
afuc; prime, -11a43c; strictly prime to choice, 44a
48c. Coffee, 381-2a2oc.
Whiskey—9scasl.o3.
Monetary—Sterling, 118 3-8; sight, 1-8 discount.
Gold, 100 7-8.
Cotton—Easier; ’good ordinary, 381-2 alB 3-4o;
low middling, 10 l-Balo 1-lc; middling, 10 5-8 a
10 a-4c. Sales, 5,500 hales. Receipts, 0,235 Imlcs.
Exports—San Sebastian. C 24 bales. Stock, 13-1,203
bales. Week's Bales. 30,000 bales.
MARRIED.
SMITH-RICE—At the residence of the bride's
father, Dec. H. bytho Rev. Dr. Locke, Mr. Orson
Smith to Anna M.. daughter of J. B- Bice. Esn.
WHITAKER—MOSS—In this C»ty,at tho residence
of the Rev. Canon Knowles, bv the itiV'-J t,l e
Bishop ot Illinois. Mr. Jas. Wuitaker and Elun JttU
Moss. both of England.
DIED,
ANDERSON—On Friday morning, Ifth Inst., at the
'residence of her parents, 172 North Curtis street, of
typhoid fever, Anna A. Anderson, aged U years, only
eluld of Horatio andAhbyS. Anderson.
Notice of tho funeral liereafter.
MIXER— I Thursday evening. Doc. 11. Willie Edgen
tv Mixer, eldest sou of C. H. S. and Arowc E. Mixer,
aged a roars and 1 month.
MOTTBAM—On tho 15th Inst., Mrs. Frances Mott
ram, fonnerlv of Liverpool, England, aged 70 years.
The funeral services will bo held on Sunday, the
17th, at 12.1 o'clock, at her Into residence. No. 53 South
Halstcd street.
FINANCIAL.
Money to loan-on Chicago city pro
peny by WRIGHT «fc TYBELL, ISO West Wash
ingtun-st.
TO LOAN—MONEY ON SHORT TIME PAPER.
Also, purchase money mortgages bought and sold:
D. LEONARD, Real Estate and Loan Ollice, 45 South
Canal-st.
TO LOAN—BY H.O. MOBEY, 116 WEST MADI
sou-st—s2,soo for one year.
mO LOAN—MONEY ON SECOND MORT-
I cages, leasehold purchase monev, and real estate
securities. C. R. HAGERTV, 114 West Madlson-st.,
Itoom 9. _
O LOAN-MONEY ON FURNITURE, WARE
house receipts, watches, diamonds, and other col
laterals. JAS. B. STOREY, 101 South Clinton-st.
o LOAN-MONEY. ON IMPROVED ILLINOIS
farms in sums of fo.COO and upwards, for long
time a? reasonable rates. Address SHELDON
WATERMAN. 360 if iebigan-av.
C»-| A/IA IN HAND TO LOAX ON CHICAGO
t-ity JLfc.A.l> COi.,
CITY RE Al< ESTATE.
Fob bade—cheap, easy terms—l2o acres
unimproved form, near Tamer Junction, 30 ratios
iron) Chicago; 170 acre unimproved farm, near Paxton,
111 If taken at once, will sell both forma for $25
»ef acre, J cash, B. O. OOODWILLIE, 133 West
MadieoD-at.
—OB SALE—DECIDED BARGAINS—CHOICE
lot on Wolnat-Ht.. $1,500.
Improved lot, Larrabeo-Bt., near Dlvislon-nt,. $1,500.
I lot on Supcrior-at, near Klngsbury-at, $1,350.
R. G. OOODWILLIE. 133 West Madiaon-at..
F‘ OB WOT7SES—GOOD LEASES—COT-
near Loomis and Adams-ata, 6 years’ lease,
e 3acksomßL near Halsted-st, cottage of 7 rooms, $1,250,
k>oo cash.
House of 12 rooms, Grecn-at, near Von Burea-st,
$2.200.9 years’ lease.
It. g. GOODWILLIE, 133 West Madison-st
Fob sale—very chbap, easy terms-
Bnbbard-st, near Llncoln-st, elegant new cottage, 8
rooms, with every convenience; lot 48x200, $5,000,
cash. 8.0. OOODWILLIE, 133 West Madison-st
For sale-corner loomis and samp.
son-sta, 48 ft with good house and bam, $4,009; I
rash, balance 3 years. R. G. OOODWILLIE, 133
West Madison-st.
Fob sale—business property—van bu
ren.st. near Halstod-st. house and lot, $5,000: i
cash. R. O. OOODWILLIE, 133 West Madison-st.
For bale-cheap lots-lot on davis-st.
near Lnke-st, $1,200; J cash.
&Lot on Price Place, near Balsted-st, $1,800; I cash.
B. O. OOODWILLIE, 133 West Madiaon-st.
F»or sale-bargains, easy terms.
Newberry-av, near Taylor-st $2,200; Price-place,
near Halsteu-st,cottage and 10t,52,650; Hubbardst,
near Robey, now cottage and lot, 82,000; Clcero-coort,
near Tylor-st, cottage and lot, $1,500; G4 Laurol-at,
ncarThlvty-lirat-st; small cottage and lot, $750; Lar
rabcc-at. near Sophia cottage and lot, $2,000. R. G.
OOODWILLIE, 133 West Madison-st.
I job sale—cheap lots, lots near reu
ben and Twcnty-secondst, $150; lot on Went
worfb-av, $450; JO lota near Wood and Twelfth
st».sl,ooo; long time, small payment down; in lots
in Bridgeport, fc-SOOeacb. R• O. OOODWILLIE, 133
West Madison-Ht.
For sale—choice residence prop.
erty. Fine bouse, 14 rooms, brick basement, good
barn, lot 50x120, §ll,oooeasy terms, or will lake part
in good South Side property, at cash value. R. O.
OOODWILLIE, J33 West Madison-st.
I JOB SALE—CHEAP. EASY TERMS. BUT
terllcld-st, near Twenty-nlnth-st bouse and lot,
£2,500, one-third cash; Peoria-st, near Hubbard, house
ami lot. $2,500. only SSOO down. R. O. OOODWILLIE,
133 West Madison-st.
FOR BALE—GOOD and CHEAP LOTS ON THE
South Side, on Arnold, Butterfield, Buddan, Gar
ibaldi. Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh,
Twenty-eighth, Twi-nty-nlntb, Thirtieth, and Thirty
llrst-tls.; also, on Wentworth, Wallace, and Slmrtloa
nvs. Five years, at 6 per cent. No advance In prices,
though such lots must double in value. Tbo increased
demand for building lota, near where so many tens ot
millions must be paid for labor, will advance Clio price
of such lots. Tbo old prices and very easy terms.
ALBERT CRANE, 872 Wubashnv.
I JOB SALK—CHEAP—FIRST-CLASS HOURS.
aud lot. House 2-story and basement, pressed
brick. Contains latest improvements, Ija 57 feet,
east front. Altogether one of the pleasantest places
in the city, small payment down. Inquire onprem
ises, 90S ludiana uv., near Twontlelh-st.
I JOB SALK—A FEW LOTS NEAR LINCOLN
Park ami School; tf years credit given and cask
advanced to build: olllco open till 8 in tbo ovoaiug.
BALDWIN DAVIS, 51 South Halsied-st.
IJOR SALK—LOT 25x107. ON THIHD-AV, UK
tween Jackson and Van Bnren-ats, oast front;
must bo hold soon; good investment Apply to B. L
FLAOO, 209 West Madison-st
FOR SALE—A CHOICE LOT ON LAKK-HT, BE
tween Wabash and Mlcblgnn avs, 25 foot, south
(rent, full depth, at a low prlco. Apply to F. XIATIIE
WAY, 17-1 East Madison-st, near LaSullu.
FOR BALE— cheap dock PROPERTY—
feet im North Branch, south of Oblcago-av, nulla
ble for manufacturing or other business, at a very low
figure, by F. HATHAWAY, 174 East Madison st, near
LaSalle.
IJOR SALE-ONE 3-STORY AND BASEMENT
brick store, with nmtnl roof, on North Dcsplalnort.
St. near Kinzlc. 20vw ft. with lot 20x90 feet to alley,
very cheat*. V. HATH KWAY, 174 East Miidluoti-itt.
I JOB KALE 41X1*3 SOUTHEAST CORNER
Washington and Union, ouu of tho finest corners
In the street; we have several fine investments which
wc would be pleased to show capitalists. MEAD
COE, 79 West Madison-st.
For sale—to manufacturers—a 2-hto*
ry frame building on leased ground; central loca
tion, with engine, boiler, flhaftlng, bulling, Haw-tables,
t-U'., suitable for manufacturing purposes; now in op
eration: lung lease. Fur particulars apply at 733
Slato-st.
For kale ok rent— Fvstsimieu on UN
furnished—a first-class residence of about 20
rooms, <m Month Side, near Twcnty-sccond-st; long
time and simill cash payment If sold: if rented, must
be A No# 1 tenant. Address WB, 1.10 Tribune olllcy.
TJOR SALE—CHEAP-ON VAN BUREN-ST.,
pt'.ir Uauil’-hSM-nV,- SSslSfi ft. Have abstract. Ad
dress or apply to I*. L. AUTEN, 275 South Morean-st
I JOB SALE-DESIRABLE RESIDENCE LOTS
adjoining old city limits. Accessible by steam cars;
Price of lots from §3OO to $450. No cash payment re
quired of parties making improvements. A. B. WING
UO-, 539 Wabash-av.
IJOR SALE—THE LOT 3SUOO FEET ON SOUTH
west comer of North Clark and Graat-sts. GEO.
C. FRY 54 West BanfrHph-st.
For sale—micihgan-av.—frame house
of 9 rooms and lot on Mi'fhignu-av., north of six
tec-nth-st.; $3,0C0 or SI,OOO worth of carriages and bug
gies taken in part navmeut. SNYDER LEE, Beal
Estate Agents, Nixon Buildings, northeast corner
Monroe and La Sallc-sts.
For sale—or leake-sixisj feet, corner
Franklin aud Madison-sts.
50x190 feet, comer Madison amlFranklln-sts.-
Soxiß3 feet, on Madison near Frankiin-st.
27x110 feet, on Madison west of La Salle-st.
1 nquiro of WM. BORDEN, 214 East Madison-st.
For sale-a valuable corner lot for
manufacturing purposes, with buildings, also en
cine, boiler, and machinery if required. Inquire of
FERGUSON BROS,comer West Jackson and Clinton.
Foil SALE—4BxIOO FEET, SOUTH FRONT, ON
West Indiana, between Wood and Lincoln, well
located for business or residence purposes, and will be
sold at n great sacrifice. Apply to A J COOPER
CO. Ul3 West Wnshington-st, front parlor.
FOR SALE—HANDSOME COTTAGES, GEN
feci neighborhood, healthy location, monthly in
stalments of S3O, Second-st. between Lincoln and
Roboy. 8 T KING, 37 West Waahl»gton-st.
Foil SALK—TWO HOUSES, WITH LOT; $3,100;
in good neighborhood. Pleasant house, with lot.
on Twenty-slxth-st; $2,900; small payment down.
(52.) CLAFLIN BROS.. 201 West Madlsou-st.
For sale-north clark-st., wxiso peet,
cast front, on North Clark-st., near SchlUer-af.
ITlce low. Tenns, 1.4 cash; balance in I, 2. and 8
years. SNYDER LEE, Real Estate Agents, No.
14 N Iron’s Building, northeast comer Monroe and La-
Salle-sts.
FOR SALE—RIVER PROPERTY—too FEET
front, South Branch, near Main-st. SNYDER «t
LEE. Real Eatato Agents, No. 14 Nixou’s Building,
not t huast comer Monrou and LaSalle-sts.
FOR sale—cheap for cash, or PART ON
timo—s acres on Fifty-third st and Paulina. Land
lies welL J. F. NICHOLS CO., 23 South Canal-st.
For sale-central business property,
40 or 80 feet front by 183 feet deep to alloy on Mad
ison st, near Franklin. Cheapest property in market.
Stale-at, 25 feet, near Monro e-st. J. D. HARVEY.ReaI
Estate and Loans, 304 Wabashav.
FOR SALE—2-STORY FRAME HOUSE, 12
rooms, water, bam and lot 50H25 feet: northwest
comer of Forcst-avand Thirty-thlrd-st. Price $8,500.
SNYDER LEE, Real Estate Agents, 11 Nixon
Building, northeast comer of Monroe and LaSallc-sts.
For sale—by h. u. morey, 11c west mad
ison-st:
2-story lionse. new, 24x5f1, lot 30x127, on Warren-av;
largo bam- SO,OOO. Possession glven.
40x100, comer Lake and Frankliu-sts.
00x170, Twenty-tliirU st, near state-st; house and lot
taken in payment.
45xiso, Madirton-st. near Ccntro-av. at a bargain.
24 feet, MadLson st, near Peoria-st.
24x190, with cottage; Monroo-st, opposite High
School; $4,500.
Cottage. 201 South Orcen-st. and Jot, $.5,000.
2-story house, 10 rooms, cellar, Ac, 21l South Sanga
mon-.st, at a bargain.
FOR SALE—NO- 256 WARREN-AV., TWO-STORY*
house, water, gas, &c.. lot 00x125 feet. Price,
$3,500: this Is greatly below market price. Apply to
J, D. WEBER, 279 Park-av.
For sale—house on indiana-av., 12
rooms, new. on leased ground, long and favorable
lease. House is elegantly finished; will bo sold at a
bargain. Impure HOP Indlana-av.
I?OR SALE-i STORY COTTAGE. 8 ROOMS
and batli room, with lot 30x125. WM, H. BEEBE,
Peshtigo C«». No. 1 East Klnzlc-st.
For sale—monroe-st., near Lincoln,
two lots, cauh;24xl2s feet, south front, at a big
sacrifice; must bo sold at once. Apply to J. D.
WEBER, 279 Park-av.
FOR SALE—A FINE NEW COTTAGE AND LOT,
only SI,OOO, half cash. Inquire of the owner at
No. Bfi9 Archer-av., near the property, from 3 to 4
o'clock to-day.
Fou sale-ata great bargain—state
nt.»2sxl2o fcot, cast front, near Thfrty-ilrst-at. But
terfieid-st.. 35x100 feet, southwest corner Thirty-first
i>t bv THOS. A. «fc M. HILL. 401 Wabaah-av.
SUBURBAN BEAT/ ESTATE.
I7OR SALE—A NEAT, COMFORTABLE HOUSE
of 4 rooms and pantry ami good collar, with 1-4
acre of land, in village of Crystal Lake. Price. SBOO.
R M EDDY, 7t» Illinois-st., Chicago, or JWALKUP.
station agent. Crystal Lake.
For sale-a nice residence property
nt Norwood Park. House now. Lot largo. Small
cioili pnvment. balance to suit. Price $2,500. J. F.
NICHOLS «t CO., 23 South Caual-st-
For sale-or rent—the stone and
brick warehouse on the lake shore, Block 1, Cleaver
ville. with tiro acres of ground, railroad and dock
privileges. Dimensions of building, three stories and
basement, 125x30 feet. F. C.TAY LOR, 475 YVabash-av.
FOR SALE-CHEAP-ONE GOOD TWO-STORY
Jmnse, and lot, on corner of Arnold and Thirty
eighth-st; tenns easy; imiulrojm^hejrcmlaea
COUNTRY REAL ESTATEi
For SALE —A FINE RESIDENCE; also
Prick store ami slock of furniture; or will rent
iho ‘itore: all in Yorkvilio. county-scat nr Kendall
ComiVv. lIL Jmjulro ot JAMES SPIUNOHER. 6ffi)
Wahash-av., or address tho subscriber, N. HUB
DABD, Yorkville, HI.
FOR SALE—A RARE CHANCE-160 ACRES OF
land, upon which is a lino deposit of imiWing
qtnne dressed samples of which will bo shown: !anfl
within forty miles ol St. Louis, amt very near radway:
S exchange for eligible property. Apply toCAVEN
DER BOWSE. Real Estate Agents, 3li Olivo-st, St.
Louis.
Fr-o MAT.y—A FINE IMPROVED FARM OF IGO
°Vcfea in LlViasston Countj*. for sale or exchange
mrrffr irropeiti'. WJU a?Bumo incnmbnmce. J. F.
vrMgcO.. 23 South C;uml-St.
For SALE-FARM OF 120 ACRES, ll MILES
froni railroad, all under cultivation; good house,
barn andorchanf of 100 bearing apple trees. For in
formation address J. U. DAVENPORT. Waukco, Dal
las County, lowa. P. O. Box %.o. _
FOR SALE- PINE COUNTRY RESIDENCE
directly on lake shore, between Kenosha and
wm-ine 40 acres first-rate soil: all varieties fruit;
ritnninc water; handsome brick house, 9 rooms; ham.
ftc schools and churches convenient: *5,000; easy
a. PAUL SOBOLESKI, 133 West Wnshtngton-st.
For sale-or rent-so acres land,
fenced in small lots; cherry and apple orchard:
larco convenient two-story house. 13 rooms, cellar and
bam. Situated 21 miles from Madlson-st., on Chicago,
Danville Vincennes Railroad. Apply to G. S. HUR
•RARD. 104 West
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
For sale—ten teams suitable for
truck, express or buggy purposes, to bo sold cheap.
Apply at 79 Sonth Sangamon-sU
FORSALE— A LIGHT EXPRESS OR DELIVERY
wagon, cheap, witli top and sldo pieces. In
quire at 1251-2 Mlchlgnn-av, Howe's Scales.
OR SALE—TWO PA IRS DRAFT HORSES. AND
some cheap drivers, second-hand buggies, cutters,
harnesses and robes. 42 Harmon-court. M. C. BRAD
LEY.
—OR SALE—OR EXCHANGE—FOR
a horse,harness, and lumber wagon. H. C. SAMP.
SON, 539 Mitchell-St.
Harness and saddlery goods, blank.
ircts. slelph bolls, etc., wholesale and retail;
lanreft stack In the city, at HARDY «fc SHORT’S 232
Michican-ar., (paik trout).
TO RENT-STORES. OFFICES.**
TO RENY-A NEW MERCHANT MILL. WITH
five run 61 four loot bora, located In a pleasant
term in Minnesota. The waterpower Is ample and
unfailing, and the facilities for obtaining wheat, anil
securing low rates of transportation, are excellent.
For further Information, apply to Messrs. LOW
BROS. CO., 149 West Waahmgton-st, Chicago,
TO RENT-71 SOUTH CANAL-ST, NEAR MADI.
son, desirable suite ot rooms, suitable for offices.
single or en enlto.
TO RENT—FIVE FIRST-CLASS OFFICES, IN
my new building, corner State and South Water
sts^tir e-proof vaults and metal not. J. H. d UN-
TO BENT—STORE 370 WABASH-AV., NEAR
Post Office, the tlrat and second floors, for flrst
clasa retail business and offices; immediate posses
slon. Apply to J. K- STEARNS, on the premises.
TO RENT—TWO NEW’ THREE-STORY AND
basement brick buildings, Noe. H and 5« South
water-st, suitable for wholesale or manufacturing
■business; ready for occupancy January 1.1572. Auulv
to WM. H. SAMPSON CO.. Real Estate MdHouse-
Renting Agency, 285 West Madison-at.
T°^ENT-BUI LDTNG NOS. 54 AND 50 SOUTH
W ater-st, suitable for any hcaw business; to bo
imialied at once; roof on now. H. fi. SHUFELDT
144 Fulton-at.
TO RENT—4C SOUTH DESPLAINES-ST. SEC
ond floor, 80x20 feet, suitable for light goods; alse
basement, A. KIDDER. b B
TQ^REKT— SELL, OR EXCHANGE—LOTS,
dwellings and stores. D. LEONARD, Real Es
tate and Loan Office, 45 South Canal-sL
TO BENT —A STORE AND DWELLING, IN
good location. Apply at 374 Catherine-at.
TO RENT-ONE GOOD OFFICE, VERY CHEAP,
on cast aide Mlchigan-av, between Congress and
Van Bnren-sts. Apply on premises to WM. J. BAR.
KEY. Land Agent.
TO RENT—NEW BRICK CORNER STORE COR
ner Archer and Stewart ava. Inquire ef A. T.
EWING, 457 Wahaah-av.
TO BENT-HOUSES.
TO RENT—NICE COTTAGE ON WEST JACK-
Boa-nt, S2O nor month. Furniture for sale. POT*
WIN CORBY, 215 East Madison-at.
TO BENT—A NEAT g.ROOM COTTAGE CLOSE
to street cars, In West Division, at S2O per month,
and about $l5O worth of new furniture for sale; a
splendid bargain; possession given any time before
Christmas, Apply at 270 Forquer-st
TO RENT—A HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
house of 1 rooms, full of first-class boarders, and
furniture for sale. Address MJ M, Tribune office.
TO RENT—NEW’ TWO-STORY BRICK BASE,
meat 10-room dwelling, with modem improve
ments, 1355 Wabash-av., S6OO per year. WILLIAM
PORT. 912 Michlgan-av.
TO RENT—FINE BRICK HOUSE, 3-STOUY,
0 rooms, with modern improvements, on Wabash.
ftv„ north of Hanuon-conrt. Apply to WM. HANS
BROUGH, or CHAS. C. AUSTIN,»7I Wabash-av.
TO RENT—ELEGANTLY FURNISHED HOUSE,
brooms, modem improvements and furnace, near
Cakwood and Cottage Grovo-ava, R. G. QOODWIL
LIE, 133 West Madlson-sC.
TO RKNT—AN ENTIRE HOUSE, NO.SslWA
hnsh-av, near Twelfth-st, with largo and elegant
fiarlors for business purposes; also 3 largo in
loiiMo on Wahiish-av, near Hixteciith-st. by THOS, A.
M. 11l LL, 101 Wabashav.
mo KENT—A FINE RESIDENCE CORNER OF
X Wapanseh mid KUls-ava of 2-story and base
ment; U rooniH furnished; cheap, till the Ist of May.
J. fi.it A. HOOVE/., .VT7 Wabash-av.
TtO HKNT—ONMKJHIG AN-AV., ELEGANT OC
tagon marble house, with all improvements: nr,
for sale on easy tenus. SIMEON MKARS, 609 Wa
hitsh-av.
mo RENT—FOUR USINEBS PURPOSES—BRICK
X house of rooms on Wahash-ar. north of Harmon
conrt; Immediate jjossesslon; will rent to May, 1873,
for one-half tho mmmnt now paid for similar houses in
hkkio Moelc; only Arst-cLiss io«i«jiisHilo parties need
apply to WM. lIANSBROUOH; or, CHAS. C. AUS
TIN. H7l Wabash av.
TO RENT-ROOMS.
fltO UENT-A NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
X n>«m with Sight and heat. Terms moderate. In
oultu at iso South Ureun, between Jackson and Van
Buien sis.
ritO RENT—THE a PARLORS AT 7»:* MICH f-
X gati-av., between Twenly-tlrsl stmt T»enly-*wond
sta., for light business, with or without board. Also
hat n In the rear. Apply on the premho-a.
ritO KENT—LARGE FRONT ROOM ON if ADI-
X non st, near Centro av, 825; two front n»oinn on
AugusUi-bt, for housekeeping, sl9. It. G. GOOD WIL
LIE, HU West Madison st.
TO RENT—LARGE AND PLEASANT UNFUR*
nliiied rooms, suitable for housekeeping, 117 Wcit
Vanßuren-at.
BOARDING ANDI DODGING.
SFOREST-AV.. NEAR CORNER OP THIRTY
IIrst-Ht.—A tine suite of rooms to rent, and board,
in a private family, one block from street cars ami on
nibasftf-s.
1 Q ELDIIIDOE-COURT— FURNISHED BOOM
X*7 to rent, with board, suitable for ant or two gen
tlemen.
Qft BISHOP-COURT—A FEW ROOMS, FUB
£i\J nished or unfurnished, also large front parlor,
to rent, with board; linage new, bathroom, resistor,
and everything first class.
AQ ELL3S-AV—ONE BLOCK JBOM STREET
X I/O or rail cars. first-class rooms, en suite or sin
gle. for families or single gentlemen, furnished or un
furnished, with board.
*1 1 fj SOUTH SANOAMON-ST.—TWO NICELY
XX 4 furnished rooms to rent, with board.
»jft WEST LAKE-HT.—FIRST-CLASS BOARD;
iOQ Louse new; terms reasonable; day-board.
Si 00.
OQ ft MICHIOAN-AV.—PLEASANT FRONT
aiOU rooms, single and double, with board, lor gen
tlemen, at moderate terms.
OAA WEST MONROE-ST.—A HANDSOME
OTit furnished room, with board, in a private
family; location first-cl nss; terms reasonable; for two
gentlemen; references exchanged.
f>nA michigan av.—elegant parlors,
O 4 ~Jb unfurnished, except carpets and curtains,
with private table; also, largo and small rooms, fur
nished. Highest references.
A ftPTi MTCHIGAN-AV.—A LARGE FRONT
Kftft WABASH-AV.—A SUITE OP DESIB
OU Oablo furnished rooms, with board, with hot and
cold water. Also, rooms suitable for two persons.
£AQ YVABASH-AV. —TO RENT, wits
O"«7 board, a room suitable lor two gentlemen;
also, an elegant front parlor.
AQO YVABASH-AV.—FURNISHED ROOMS,
with or without board, to rent; hot and cold
water; use of bath-room.
000 WABASH-AV.—A FRONT ROOM NICELY
97 4U furnished, with or without board, hot and
cold water in room, with nso of bath room. None need
apply unless they are willing to pay for first-class ac
commodations. Dr. Lackey’s Turkish baths in the
house.
1 AOr WA B A Sll A V.—TO RENT, WITH
X board, a furnished room.
IMPERIAL PARLORS—SS4 WABASH AV., NEAR
Thirteenlh-st.—A few rooms to rout, with first-class
board, for gentlemen, or gentlemen and their wives;
hot and cold water, and first-class hotel accommoda
tions at reasonable prices
Madison house—l 24 and ra west madi
son-st. $2 per day day board. s■> per week.
BOARD WANTED.
Board— and a comfortable home, on
the West Side, not west of Morgan street, and be
tween Jackson and Randolph-sls., by a young man.
Address L C, Tribune office.
Board— furnished room board for
gentleman and wife, north of Twenty-sixth and
cast of Lakc-st. References exchanged. Address,
with full particulars, J W. 17 Congress-st.
PARTNERS WANTED;
PARTNER WANTED—A BUSINESS MAN,
with from SO,OOO to $3,000, to take half-interest in
a well-established manufacturing business. Address,
with references, CHAS. P. WESTERFIELD. propri
etor Northwestern Pickle Works, Wilmette. Hi.
PARTNER WANTED—WITH $5,000 CASH, IN A
first-rate wliolosalo liquor business, in one of the
large cities In Wisconsin; the opportunity is an excel
lent one for the right kind of a man. Apply to SHU
FELDT i BALL, Attorneys, 23 West Madlson-st.
PARTNER WANTED—A YOUNG MAN WITH
$25 cash, to join the advertiser in a light, paying
business that pays from $lO to sls per day; call at 13
Senth Canol-st. C. LEE.
PARTNER WANTED—IN A GOOD PAYING
business, well established in Chicago. An un
usual opportunity. Apply to or address immediately,
J. B. CHRISTIAN, cure Chicago Weekly Phenix, S2
West Madison-st.
Partnership wanted—a young man of
good business capacity and unexceptionable char
acter, has from $.5,000 to $7,0C0 In cash which be would
like to invest with some good firm that needsa Junior
partner. WholesalesaU* business preferred. Address
with full name. H, Box 804 city.
MISCELLAPTEOUS.
Divorces legally obtained fee
alter decree, scandal avoided; eight years experi
ence. Address Post Office Box 1037-
MONEY’ LOANED ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
pianos, and valuable personal property. Same
bought. No. 97 West Madlson-st.. Room 1 and 2, for
merly J33Dearborn-8t- TUNNICLIFF.
-rarANTED—SOO TEAMSTERS. FARMERS, AND
fj laborers, to buy army overcoats. The cheapest,
warmest, and most durable clothing for men working
In the ruins. CLEMENT BAYEB, 230 Milvrau
kee-av.
\\f ANTED TO BUY’ FOR CASH, CAST-OFF
IT clothing, and miscellaneous goods of any kind.
By sending a letter to I. GELDER, 192 South wells-st,
you can find a purchaser.
XU-ANTED—CARPENTERS! CARPENTERS!—
Ti Buy no plows until you see the Phillips Metallic
Plow Plano, cut cross or lengthwise. See agent or
address PHILLIPS PLOW PLANK, Chicago.
WANTED— A CARPENTER TO BUILD SMALL
house as part payment on a good lot. C. W.
DEAN, 51 South Halsteu-st.
XU ANTED—STENCIL CUTTERS TO BUY
TT their stock of JOHN C. HILTON, 60 West
I ake-st
XUANTED —A HALF MILLION OF BRICKS.
it Address, stating lowest cash price, EFHEN
SHAW, CJ Vincennea-av.
XUANTED— I WANT TO BUY THE FIXTURES,
TT etc., etc,, of first-class sample-room ami cigar
stand; must bo cheap. Address CHARLES 8.,
Tribune ollice.
WANTED— MEN TO BXAMINE OUR NEW
corn shellor; shells she bushels per hour; retails
31.50: rights free; s2oo] per month easily cleared.
KIMBALL «fc CO., 185 West Madlson-st, Boom 12.
A MONTH, EXPENSES PAID—MALE
®0 I O or female agents; horse and outfit for;
nisbed: business new: circulars tree. Address
CO.. Saco Yft
RKAIi ESTATE WANTED*
XUANTED—PROPERTY TO SELL. RENT. OR
IT lease, in the burned district. PINCHEN
KINGON, Beal Estate Agents, 633 State.st.
WANTED SMALL FARM, IMPROVED,
worth 33.500: will pay $2,000 cash. Owners, an
ply to CLAFLIN BROS., 204 West Madlson-st.
Wanted— to lease—for a term of
years three hundred (300) feet of cheap property,
for business purposes, anywhere in the burnt district
—South Side. Address 2£!, Tribune ofllce.
Real estate wanted-to buy or
lease a lot in tho Burnt District; also, a resi
dence propel ty in either tho Sonth or West Divisions.
Poru bargain, all cash will bo paid. Address BOS
TON. Tribune ofllce.
FOR BADE.
FOR SALE—LOT OF SHELVING, SASH AND
counttr, with drawers fitted tip for hardware stock,
Ac. Apply at lt>s West Madlson-st, Satimlay morning.
Fok hack—lest Wisconsin, lime in;
quantities to suit builders. DUVALL BROS
West Randolph-st., up stairs.
F^ n %^.vSfSS.^S^KSS
oil tank, platform ami counter scales at 4U souui
Clark-Kt
—TTTREK WATER SIWNIKL DOCjS,
i ete at
chet-av.
WAITTED-MAt, E HET.P.
MUeelljuMons.
•WAKTED—CARPET FITTERSI AT C. W. E.
Tf PARDRXDGE CO.’S, corner Congress ami
Stato-ats.
"WANTED—TWO GOOD AUCTIONEERS FOR
oneyear- npne need apply unless they under
stand the business; to sell diy PXmU, boots amt shoes,
clothing and linen a specialty; good wages will bo paid
to the right men. Address, with reference, d. L.
NEWBORG. P. o. Drawer 2212. Grand Rapids. Midi.
WANTED—TO EMPLOY A TRAVELLING
_JJ, agentthoroughly posted in the factory supply
Address with real namoand good references,
SUPPLY HOUSE. Tribune office.
"WANTED-a porter in a wholesale
notion house one that lias had experience, and
A-fSS omo -,r^? u _ T cconitnended; no other need apply.
Auuress at e, Tribune office.
Wfirst-class SALESMAN AND
T stock-keeper, In a Quincy retail clotliing ht>u»e.
Good references require*!. For particulars, and salary
wanted. address Box 20CH. Quincy ILL
W ANTED—INTELLIGENT YOUNG MEN TO
lean and eosaire In the telegraphing business, at
PORTERS NATIONAL TELEGRAPH COLLEGE,
5C2 Wabash-av.
TITAN TED A YOUNG MAN WITH SOME
TT means to fill a good position. Call at Room I, U
Sonth Canal-st, to-day.
"WANTED —25 RAILROAD LABORERS FOR
M Tennessee. Go oat to-morrow night. Highest
wages paid and cheap fare to the work. Apply toil
West Randolph-sl.
WANTED— AN ACTIVE BUSINESS MAN AS
solicitor in a well established Insurance am! real
estate office on shares. One speaking German pre
ferred. Address, with references. D W, Tribune
office.
TXT ANTED—SO MEN WANTED TO CUT ICE. id
TT miles from the city. Inquire at JAS. B. SMITH
A CO/s Ice Office. No. 736 Inrtiana-av.
"WANTED—A GOOD STEEL STAMP-CUTTER
TT and die sinker at JOHN C. HILTON’S Stencil
Works, 66 West Lake-st.
"WANTED—THIS DAY—SO MEN TO GO TO
TT tho pineries: faro£i; wfor farm work at ?t per
day and board: 15 more choppers for Indiana; fare ad
vanced to those having baggage. Employment Head
qnarters. Room 5} Lina's Block, Ramlolph-st bridge.
"WANTED—MEN AND WOMEN HAVING $3,
n to travel or locate, and sell an article that costs
3 cents and sella for 50 cents. Everybody will bay it.
Apply or send stamp for circular. CAMPBELL
CO., Room 6,133 West Madlson-st.
TXTANTED—TWO GOOD CANVASSERS FORA
T week's work In city. Call at 3p. m. to-day. Room
1,47 Peck-court.
Bookkeeper*, Clerk*, dee.
WANTED-BY A LONG-ESTABLI3HED BOOT
and shoe house, two first-class, practical sales
men; good salaries will be paid to suitable parties.
Address, with references, P. O. Bor No. 27w, St.
Louis, Mo.
"WANTED—A RELIABLE AND COMPETENT
T T bookkeeper. Address C, care Carrier a. city.
Tnule*<
"W'ANTED— TO GO TO ST. LOUIS—TWO GOOD
It blacksmiths acquainted with omnibus or plat
form spring work. Also, omnibus body builders,
either by tbo day or piece. If by the piece, bodies
will bo given in lots o! ten or twenty at a time. Staff
furnished exact shape, rentered. grooved.dodoed, mor
ticed. and lennonod. For further information call on
GEORGE PENOYER.32S Wabash-av;
TfITANTED— A GOOD CAKE BAKER AND OR.
IT namontor, at 702 West Lakc-sr. To a good hand,
steady employment.
TIT ANTED—A FIRST-CLASS MAX COOK;
TT also one good washer and ironer. Call at 73t Wa
bash-av.
WANTED— TO BOOK BINDERS—A FIRST
class ruler. Address TRANSCRIPT CO., Peo
ria, IB;
TITANTED—TINNERS. AT MILTIMORE S,
TT ALEXANDER’S, 2H State-st.
TITANTJCD—AT N. H. TAYLOR’S WOOD EN
TT graulng office, 30 West Madlson-st.; a boy to
learn engraving, al»o one errand boy.
-WANTED—SLATERS; STEADY WORK FOR
TT a long lime. A. KNISELY A CO, 73 and 74
West Monroe-fit.
WANTED UfMEDIATELV —3 CARRIAGE
body make™. Fair wages ami Htcady employ,
went given by llm HTUDKHAKEK BROS. Wagon
and Caniage Co., Kotilh Bend, lud.
TTITANTHD-A FIUHT-CLAHS GORDON PRESS
TT feeder, at Mannle’H Ntc-am printing house. corner
Stale atul T witly n>-cond *ti.
WANTED—‘ TO BOOK BINDKRh-A GOOD KIN
TT Ihher, one who can finish law work well, and do
blank IlnifiJdJig. A *N-ady »il«atioo at££lt»er week, in
K&rtngfleW, fiX CaJJ, or 4'Mroe* MARTIN, £?J Van
Jiuren-Ht.
ITT AN TE D—fl MACHINISTS AT THE BRIDGE
TT aad car work* of WELL#, FRENCH <k GO
iU-ut Bine I-land ar and Twenty-uy./ond-’t,
WANTED—FE MALE HELP,
TV^ 7^1 A YOUNG LADY CAN SATE A
I goed Lome nt tie t-yxi-try, tnC imr r-jirimomum.
English hramshs-s. rnne-t- es-in. mu Lwmnmur n. nwiiir
*rd hrht hwnsrliV-l t;:x i>etU itf rtiureiui-u m—et
and retired. Aidrths Hrt. T. A- M Zbrnnuct-ni'crt,.
AV wtth iXif utt, u? uiii m:;c-n
arrant, xxifi ii a Irtn-r.iua jo-ertra lir uty riirt e-i.
Scnti Caix -rt- ta-liy. 1
TTAFIFD-A COOS—GERMAN. SWEDS OR
TT Ncrs-emaa; wxres $5 j«er wee-in.' ■w-i.Ciin.c;
must bring best reference#. App'ra; C. IL. CRAM,
one-hall mile r.p drminw track. Hake View.
TTTANYED-A GOOD GIRL TO DO GENERAL
TT hoast'work; pxslwagVA Applr to JOHN BAR
RETT, opposite Transit House, Union Stock Yards.
WANTED—A GOOD COMPETENT GIRL FOR
T T lauudn* and chamberwork. Good references re
quired. Apply immediately al 370 Prairie ar.
TXTANTED—A COMPETENT GIRL FOR GEN-
T T era! housework; a good cook, washer and ironcr.
Apply at 173 West Adams-st.
TirANTED—A GOOD GIRL TO DO GENERAL
TT housework in a family of three. Apply at 136
Third-av, tip stairs.
WANTED —A GOOD DINING ROOM GIRL,
one that can cook oysters preferred. Apply at
87 Kalstcd-st.
*\JITANTED—GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE
TT work in a family of three. Apply at 113 East
Seventeenth-fit.
XVANTED—a girl to do general house*
YY work In a small family; new honso. Call to-day.
sure, at 49 South Peorla-st, between Madison and
Washington-sts.
WT AN TED—A OIFL ON 12 YEARS. TO DO
YY light up-stairs work. Apply at ll >3 Wabash-av.
TITANTED—A GOOD COOK, FOR EVANSTON.
TT Good wages paid. Callat Lake Shore Mich
igan Southern Freight Office, corner Polk and Gris
wold-sts.
TVANTED-GIRL for general HOUSE-
Y T work at 45 Sonth Curt is-at.
TVANTED-AOIRLTO do GENERAL HOUSE-
Y Y work call at 292 West Polk-st?
WANTED— A GOOD NURSE GIRL. 14 OR 15
i ears old; references required; apply at 833
Praine-ave.
WANTED-A GOOD COOK AND JKITCHEN
girl. Apply at tho Madison House, 124 and 126
West Madison-st.
WANTED— A GOOD. COOK, WASHER AND
ironer. Apply at 670 Michigan-av.
TFANTEE-A GOOD COOK. ALSO A GOOD
Y T girl for general housework, in a hoarding house;
pood wages; call early at 145 South Park-av, near
Twenty-nfth-st.
TTTANTED—A COMPETENT GERMAN. SCAN
TY dinavian, or English girl, for general house
work, two in family. Apply, with reference, at 219
South Park-av.
WfASTED—. AT 193 CALUMET-AV, A GOOD
Y Y G onuau or Swede girl, to assist In general house
work.
Seamstresses.
WANTED-EXPERIENCED NECK-TIE MAK
ers; old hands report immediately. Apply at
BROWNSON. HAYDEN A CO.. 792 Wabash-av.
"WANTED-SIX GOOD DRESSMAKERS WHO
YY fully understand tho business. None others.
Como prepared tocommence work immediately. Mrs.
WILCOX, 1061 Imliana-av.
Housekeepers.
WANTED— AN ELDERLY WOMAN TO TAKE
care of two children and keep house fora man
who has lately lost his wife. Apply at 62 Archer-nr.
WANTED TO EXCHANGE.
TO'EXCHANGE— FIRST CLASS WHEELER
Wilson sewing machine, coat 1125, for Lilly’s gold
watch and chain; also, household furniture for buggy
and harness. TOMPKINS, Tribune office.
WANTED TO EXCHANGE—FROM SSOO TO
85,000 cash, and several farms near Chicago and
in lowa, jot business or residence improved property.
B. G. GOODWILLIE. 133 West Madison-st.
WANTED— TO EXCHANGE—LOTS IN CITY,
at Evanston, or Washington Heights, to ex
change for law books to extent of SSOO or $5,000.
ISAAC R. HITT. 230 West Randolph-st.
AGENTS WANTED.
Agents wanted-holidaysi holidaysi
100 men wanted to sell holiday presents; tine Ger
man chromos, steel engravings, photographs, oval
framed pictures, lithographs, charts, maps, .fee.; pic
tures of tho great Chicago lire S7 per 100; books g.ving
complete history of the conflagration $25 per 100. Semi
for new circular of the cheapest and best selling arti
cles in America. GEORGE F. CRAM, 55 West Lake
st, Chicago.
Agents wanted— genteel persons
male or female, can find light, honorable and
profitable omploymentin selllngonrattractivo holiday
goods in tho city, Apply nt once. HALL BROS., 239
West Madison-st., up stairs.
Agents wanted —slso per month i km
ployment! Extra inducements 1 A premium horse
and wagon for agents. We desire to cmplor agents for
a term of soren years to sell the Buckeye S2O Shuttle
Sewing Macliine. It makes a stitch alike on both sides,
and is the beat low-priced licensed machine in the
world. W. A. HENDERSON CO., Cleveland, Ohio,
or St. Louis, Mo.
Agents wanted —«i2 to tu a day, m
every county in the United States, to sell a newly
stented article of great utility and absolutely needed
t every household. For further particulars address
THE CHAMPION MANUFACTURING COM
PANT, Cleveland, O.
Agents wanted— *3 to sl2 a day can be
made by a good canvasser of cither sox with ray
now articles. Send for sample free. C. M. LININO
TON, 83 West Monroe-st, Chicago.
Agents wanted throughout the
Northwest to canvass for several new botfks.
Among them is Wm- Cullen Bryant’s Library of Poet
ry and Song, 1,500 poems from nearly 500 authors, the
best selection ever published, now edition, revised, im
proved, and fully illustrated. Twenty editions called
for within little over six months. Send for circulars.
MOSES WARREN,I2I West Randolph-st.,Chicago,llL
Agents wanted-s2o a day-chicago
views, Chicago as it is and was; agents’ goals of
all kinds: catalogues, free; samples, 25 cents. P.
PAGE CO 107 Walnut-st.
Agents wanted-for “Chicago and
the Great Conflagration,” by Messrs. Colbert and
Chamberlin, of The Chicago Tribune. A concise
history of the past of tliis most wonderful of cities, ana
a detailed, circumstantial, end most .vivid J?*
its destruction by lire, w*U scenes, inddents. «c. i®
be completed In one handsomely bound octavo volum
of about 500 pages, with numerous ur
Chapin Gnlick. from photographic views mken on
tho spot. Agents* oounu prospectus now
ready. For particulars. Ac., aihlressJ. a. GOODMA-
Publisher, 15 South Groen-at., Chicago.
"agents wanted-to intrude Ag
A. article for general usei. dar„e ID
light and pleasant. Apply before 10 a. m.,
diana-av.
GEKTS VAOTEB-® r™ “jyiatliir

state-st., Chicago.
all kinds; catalogues free; samplts,->c. a.
CO.. 107 Walnut-st-____^^———■—
MUSICAL INSTIVUM^NTS._
GOOD second hand piano.
F cheap. Apply at the drug Stoic, TsSWest Madi
sou-st.
"WANTED -MALE.
»suban«
Ma Vj'r?eror^ n if
S'ln'aVrtv.te a YOU SO HAS
„race! secd A""! joiijTt"w
S'mSVho 0 nmtSSSti-;j k A TEMPERATE
SITUATION WANTKD-RV A r~
sTr!^flfc? 0O m ,n sW A S
SITI ATIOX WAMTED-DY A BOV liVFMK
imilerstnn,l.i the Inking care ut litsL ui
C.Tio south naLtetlsL A,l
Bookkeeper!* Clerks. dfeo
S l lnk?rT IOX FASTED-AS CLERK IN
«on.m t, r> T cei r- confectionery store; w. w n
w-f£r.V,i an ‘’'’Jvti as a permanent situation t;rv«,a
SttK'®””- tot one WMk. JAMES. tU
WANTED— ISY V COMPFTF,
SITUATION WANTED— BY A first t*l
cutter; would work fora small £d*rv hJ-h.-
UT. g«*t!ShS£
Coacbmeo.
SITUATION WANTED-by a DANE A»
KJ coachman in a private family; Is wining to
uVio offic <imfe<l alM>Ut tte i» OQS C- Address li B. Trftt
SITUATIONS WANTED—PJSiIALE.
Domestics.
f> X 7S A 7 l WANTED-AS SERVANT GIRL
n/. lIL Ilt ™rk ‘-r take car.* of a child. o<*d ref
i'J~- h ntli Sangaoa>on-*t.
.BUSINESS
p F O IVT CNIT Y FORA PRACTICAL
Jeweller wlt.isi.fi.o t>r s_r<o, in CVctml Illinois.
call on or address N. MATSON i CO.. 451 Wabash-av.
Chicago.
A FIRST-CLASS GROCERY. STOCK. AND Fix
tures on t\ c»t Madisou-»L: doing a splendid rash
business; reason for selling, other busine-s. Address
STANDARD. Tribune office.
A RARE CHANCE FOR PARTIES WANTING
a location for merchant tailoring and re My-made
clothing trade; the best location in the West. Inquire
at 6W Wabash-av.
Flour mill for sale, in Illinois, iw
miles from Chicago: a four-run mill complete,
with engine and boilers, and ail the necessary machin
ery, with cooper s shop, etc., the entire or
the engineaiuf boLer, stones and machinery, will b.
sold separate. Apply to J. W. BAXTER .t CO.. mIU
furnishers, foot ot West Washington-st. Chicago. Hi.
For sale-brick yard a no. i clay for
making red pressed bri< k. on railroad. chea r and
good terms. ISAAC R. HITT, West' Ron
dolpli-st.
Grocery store-and stock, lot. dwel
ling house, and oat-bciMin;r-% in yaeofth
pinsperon.-* towns in Northwest lowa, anti at
Hie Junction of two lemling rail wavs, with fair pros
pects of another trunk line within a vt-or. for -a> at a
treat bargain; business thoroughly r-tablishe-l and
Loose well known in flTe oior.t:i-s Fur parti- alar*
address, or apply to. C. I>. WOOLWOKTH.
Hoa^e.
ONE OF THE BEST SMALL BOOT AND SHOE
fetores in the cilrforsaleat co-t if ‘■oil irrm-*ll
atfrly. PHILIPS A CHANDLER, S3 We,t Madi
son-fit.
Rare chance for business for a oood
man harms from S3//0 to f> sr;
an interest in a good pavins nunnfactaring and
sale bnsine.-a. Th<* best of references mr*n m l re
quired. For an interview, address Dw G, Tr.Dts?
office
THE largest wholesale drug Busi
ness In Texas for sale. s:taate*l in Galre*v>a
owner being in UI health. Present stock. To
any one wishing to purchase, a good trad-: is o?-:rvL
Terms, one-half cash, balance on time. Addrejvs
GEORGE. Galveston. Texas, or SPRAGUE <t
CLOSE. 36 Platt-ht., New York.
riMIE NEW YORK CANDY MANUFACTORY—
X at Indianapolis. Ind.. for .-ale. Established? rears
and now doing a gm*d wholesale and retail ba-iiaras.
P.»-avinfi for M-Iling, the present proprietor de-'-iim.T re
tiring to New York. Price. ei.2OC. ca-*h. This is a
ci;am»- M-bloin ottered. Apply, or address, at once. J
A HAMILTON. New York candy store, 5
tfaie’fi JndiatiapoUfi. ItnL
MACHJXERY.
AJjfES" ENGLNJE#, PORTABLE »TO fJ-HORSI
i tnC H--iiyrßt: ci-cnLir saw
rnlZlZ tdLu- vote bt_tlxf»
bmnn rxr.&hst.
IS eiifrnwi- an. avrniLk. Jsmtei. c YmicriJ.w.
pmiitm. nuili linnet mu mnuunr. Xaarmr mannings
mu nnrTtiiimf-namnnia. a■ hra..r. j. w. s
-t-gU2T..
iioii'r" a mu. -X. r. row r-_I r*p
«nttnn ir l r V -_-r. t :tzi
xert nr -itsrrn mu iex~y- rjotrincs d: .mil
♦aetr: jiunu. vunt.. *V «s7.;ct 'j« vzr lia.hme Com-
J'.a. iy,i.Tja.» 7um.nr:c
f' Oj.'Jlnt A C’U. OFFICE 13 AND 12
v u-ftfu Fxr-rj.*Oril.-sr.- Minniicrnre Stationary and
F.ctal,? jail Atseet. Otrvalar Saw -VitL*,
ix-i .•.•crtx£ MLI Machinmy. Send lor illustrated
i'v'KSALE— CHEAP— ONE 5. ONE C. AND ONE
Unhorse portable steam engines. a largo
st.vk of MarsVs Chicago steam gauges, J. P. MARSH
CO.. South Caual st.
1?OR SALB—ONE ENGINE llx2t HEAVY
ily wheel, and tixturcs complete. Also 73 horse
power locomotive and boiler, all In goml order.
AYKINS Jc BURGESS. Vulcan Iron Works.
Globe foundry. 7fi and 73 illinois-st.—
Rebuilt and ready for dullness. Bulhling and ma
cluuerj* castings, pulleys, grate bats, sashi weights,
Ac. K. M. EDDY.
HORSE-POWERS —RAILWAY ONE AND TWO
horse sweep-powers, from two to ten horse, clip
pers, liay and corn-stalk cutters, wood saws, Hutchin
son's Patent Locking orate Bars, Barker’s Sandpaper
ing Machines, corn shellers, etc., manufactured and
for sale by H. A. PITTS’ SONS, U South Jefferson-st.
IRON PLANERS. DRILLS. BUTT-CUTTERS,
belting, twist drills, at the machinery depot of W.
a. JAMES CO., 113 Pulton-st.
Machinery for sale—one itj-foot so-
Inch swing; one 22-foot. 32-inch swing: one 12-
foot, 24-inch swing; one 10-foot, 20-inch swing; ones
foot, 18-lnch swing; ono 6foot. IS-inch. and variotu
other sizes; also, a few second-hand engine lathes at
low prices, at machinery depot of W. A. JAMES
CO., 113 Falton-st.
Moulding machines, tenanting, mort
ising; a full lino of H. B. Smith’s at W. A,
JAMES A CO., 113 Fulton-st.
PLANER AND MATCHERS, FARRAR SUR
facers, resawing machines, at W. A JAMES A
CO.’S, 113 Fulton-st.
WfOOD WORKING OF BEST MAKERS. IRON
TT working of Pratt Whitney, Baxter steam en
gines. Cameron steam pumps, and machine supplies.
FRANK DOUGLAS. 55 South Canal-si.
WANTED TO RENT.
WANTED—TO RENT—A HOUSE WITH SIX
YT or more rooms, 10 minutes’ walk from corner of
AilstedaudMadlson-sts. Apply or address S7 llal
sted-st, for three days.
XVANTED-TO rent—furnished room
TT for one or two gentlemen, between Canal and
Ifalsted-sts., Randolph and Monroe-sts. Address
to-day. W S R, G4 Mailison-st.
"WANTED—TO RENT—FURNISHED ROOM
YY with or without i*oard, in the vicinity of Hal
stedand West Address W X, Tri
bune Branch Office, 4CJ Wai >ash-av.
\XT4NTED-TO RENT—A FURNISHED HOUSE
YY ofßorS rooms, until Ist of Mav. Address, stat
ing rent per month, H B T.Tribune office.
WANTED— TO RENT—A FURNISHED COT
tago near State and Twenty-thlrd-sta. Will buy
furniture, if desirable. S. C. HENRY, Uhlich’a Hotel.
WASTED— TO RENT—ON THE WEST SIDE—
Two gentlemen desire two furnished sleeping
rooms, or one large room, in a private family. Address
COMFORT, 103 West Randolpli-st.
WANTED— TO RENT—ON OR ABOUT THE
Ist of January, rooms suitable for housekeeping,
fora family of three, furnished ornnfurnished; refer-*
ences furnished; South Side preferred. Address
HASTE 73, Tribune office.
"WANTED—TO RENT—A FURNISHED ROOM
YY on West Side, not over half a mile from comer of
Washington and Canal-sts. Address M M, Tribune
office.
WA NTED—TO RENT—A FURNISHED HOUSE
on South Side, east of State and north of Twea
ty-ilfth-sts., by a responsible first-class party; no
objection to boarding owner in part payment for rent;
references exchanged. Address, giving full particu
lars. CHAS. C. AUSTIN. 871 Wabash-av.
"LOST AND FOUND.
Lost-on Thursday, the hth.on michi
gan-st,, or in the LaSalle-st. tunnel or on Lake-.-t..
a Waltham watch. No. 127,363; it belongs to a deceased
brother. Any person leaving it at 351 Maxwell-si,,
will receive SO reward.
Lost— a large u.s. express envelope
containing a number of papers in whiaii my name
appears. The tinder will bo rewarded upon presenting
them at 316 Twenty-secund-st.. to J. C. ROBINSON.
Lost— from a cAitmAGE on west kadi.
son-st., a purple sat teen overskirt. A reward will
be paid for the same at 51 West Lako-st., or 167 Cen
tro-av. P. W. GILLETT.
FOUND-A LARGE BED COW, WITH MARK.
The owner, by paying expenses, will find tho samo
•R my farm, on the Sand Ridge, half a mile west of
COL ZANDER^ lly l>llo3ito lUe SchooL
jCK REWARD—LOST, A POCKET-BOOK NEAR
corner Harrison ami Statc-sts., containin'* cur
rency and package of tickets of no value to Under.
The above will bo paid to tlio timlcr if delivered to J.
D- HAM ILTON, 112 Harrison-st.
CsOK reward-strayed, on the night
of the 13th Inst., a light bar horse about 15
hands high. 6 years old. long black tail, short
rabbit eared; lias a wild look, a imi» on both
hind legs just above tho hoof; on the right hind log.
outside, hair has been sheared for blister: Imsavoty
stylish appearance. Anyone giving any Information
that will lead to his recovery, or bringing hliuto tho
northeast corner Twenty-second and May-sts., will re
ceive the above reward. _ M
SEWING MACHINES.
a STT FOR THE WORLD-RENOWNED HOWE
A the oldest, best and tnoet relia
mV Sir air Other, offices 33 South Hal-
Canvassers wanted, and
liberally dealt with.
tjJvvpr <jT BAKER SEWING MACHINES
for sSe. payable in worker caah, at South Sldo
Olllce, 127 Elghtcenth-at.
ti r.EI'.OW ct CO.. 1-12 WEST TWELFTH-ST~
Riim.lv tho cclcbraPil Nolsclrss Link-Motion
Mmitle MacluuOH, with all me extra attach
mVnH at tho regular price. Those who lost their ma
chine* by the tire can have new onw on old contracts.
?Tl VGEB SEWING MACHINE OFFICE OP J. N
h Wilkins. formerly 1M Dcarborn-at, now 25 South
Tie<Ji»laJnes-st and 1t.7 Milwaakfe-av. MaclUnes sold
oil monthly installments, and work given in payment
If desired.
SINGER, HOWE, WEED,AND OTHER FlßST
class sewing machines for sale. Machines repair
ed. exchanged, or rented; cil, needles, and attact
nieniß for ail machines; 195 West Madison-st.
WEED, SINGER, AND WHEELER A WILSON
sowing machines forsale, on easy monthly pay
ments. Work given in payment to those who desire It.
C. K. NICHOJIS. 144 So*th Halsted-st.
PEESONAIh
PERSONAL —IF BRIDGET WELSH, WHO
formerly lived with M ra. Taylor, on Warreu-av.,
will call at. .6 West Adams st., she wUI hear of some
tlungto her advantage.
PERSONAL— WILL ilil C. H- FITZGEKALI
please call and bis wife at 2S Mllwaukee-ar.
PERSONAL— MARY LAWLOR, PLEASE SEND
your address to gentleman who saw you Momx.»>
ou State-st., and you can have the articles wanton.
A O, Tribune office.
PERSONATED. r.. WHEN ARE VOV
M ant to see you very much: can t i 0,1
know? C.
[NFORMATIOX WASTED-OF
A supposed to bo somewhere in tlou cOJlcora
to work on some railroad. Any sister, Mary
lug him wIU bo thankfully received by uu.
Ana O’Nlcl, at 353 Cotlago Grove av.