washl\uxo.\
*r*<iAl Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Cali, rog a xtcnscor the association or the
army or KoatHKBS viboinia.
Washington. OcL 22.— Fitzbugh Leo b*»
isfUfd the following call for a meeting of Vir*
giuiA Division of tho Army of Korthem Vir-
ginia-
D.-rfrirg authority, and in conformity with
articles 5 h and Sth, in tho plan of organixa*
lion of the Association of the Army of Northern
Virginia, I hereby call a meeting of the Virginia
Division of that Allocation to tako rlaco in
Uiramnnd on tbo evening ol Die 2nd of
NoVimber. ISTI, to organize tho division upon*
iscrrunneni basis. To preserve (bo friendships
fonred in the army, to peroetuate ita fame, to
viadicate its history, that justice may be done
to l;s living and dead in the future, aro among
tb«* object 4 for which we meet, To all officer*,
non-commissioned officers and privates, who bo~
ti.t«edto the Virginia organization of the army
of Northern Virginia at a: y iime during the war
«nd who did not desert then, aod those not de
.•-trtrd since, a hearty invitation is hereby ex
tvo;’»:d to bo preietr.”
A TEST CASK.
Among the cases now pending before the Su
preme Coutt. and which will probably reach a
hearing this week, is one to test the conitita- 1
tio:iality of Drake’s amendment to the Appro
priation bill making a pardon prtma facie evi
«l-nre «>f disloyalty. There ate a large lot of
.'-'cutbern claimants having cases before the
C.urt of Claims, and, who have Andrew
Johnson's pardons in their pockets,
t.» whom this amendment has been
a stumbling block In the wav of prosecuting
their suits and receiving judgment thereoi.
Th- S3 arc anxiously awaiting (bo decision of-ihe
court upon the constitutionality of this measure.
CHICAGO DISTILLERIES.
According to xotbrmation received at the In
ternal Revenue Bureau, only four distilleries
wcr.' bunud in tbolate couflacrationat Chicago.
This bureau will not prosecute claims pending
/•g-iust distiller* in that city f<<r tho present.
AID FOR THE NEEDY.
Liters] contributions were taken op in several
«t tho churches here to-day in aid of the suffer
ers of Michigan, lowa and Wisconsin. The
lidica* aid societies of these congregations are
al>o busy making up substantial and warm
clothing.
To tho Associated Press.
THE ANCLO-AMEBICAN CLAIM COMMISSION.
Washington, Oct. 22.—Tho roomsof the Unit
ed S;atei aod British Commission have been
jsr.uly inmisbed. and the apartments designated
by the Court of Commissioners, and Secretary of
Commis-ioo are now prepared for business, but
»iu- resston will not be resumed till tho sth ol
2* vember. In the meantime instructions and
r.< cvs.«arv blanks will ~bo tarnished to alj who
may desire them.
TOE CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION
was yesterday engaged iu considering special
o.tcj ol exemption tram the proposed system of
A'ramiaation* for office.
patent extended.
The Acting Commi.-siuDcr ol Patent? Tester
diy extended tho patent of John P-7.anny,of
Kockiord, HI., for mowing machines, and re
iu-wi the application of Nicholas Whitehall, of
Obt<>. lor an extension of his patent lor culti
vator.
AMENDE HONORABLE.
lii connection with the Uodge defalcation,
rtntezaeuis were recently made which d* injus
t'oe to Major Spaulding, formerly Paymsitcr in
Ui« army, who.in 1881, was tried tor alleged de
falcation, in bavins transferred bis de
pufeits from tho First National Bank lo
the Merchants' National Bank, which
institution soon thereafter failed, the
ftuvi rument losing the entire amount of money.
Instead of having been tried at a defaulter, he
wrts.accordingto the finding of the court, espe
cially. trom having any pertoual or
interested motive in making Lne transfer.
Neither la it true that he was ever
in the Penitentiary, nor did the
Curt sentence or remand him. He
was ordered to a military prison fora year, and
tv as in Fort McHenry for ibree months, when he
was released by order ofSecrclary Stanton.
SEW YOKE.
ANOTHER INSANE MURDERER.
New York, Oct. 22.—The trial of Wm. Road
for the alleged murder of bis wife terminated id
a verdict of not guilty on the ground ot insanity.
POLITICAL VESTING DISTURBED.
Rioters said to be in the interest of ex-Sheriff
O'Brien disturbed a Tammany meeting in Xhir
ty.ourib slice; last evening, and were dispersed
by tne police.
BOUTWELL.
Secretary Coutwell will lecture next Friday
»»ening in S’.einway Hall before the Mercantile
Library Association, in exposition of tbe finan
i u) policy of tbe government.
SUIT TO RECOVER*
A suit was instituted on Friday in the Su
perior C.urt, on behalf of Miss Mansfield, for
tbe recovery of SoO.OuO. said to have been loaned
to James Fisk. Jr., to speculate in stocks.
NORTH AMEHICAN INSURANCE COMPANY.
Tbe l ,sacs of the suspended Ncrtb American
3n-ura.ee Company are estimated at from
tOiXi.OOO io f7W),OW). The assets are claimed to
t>e iSJd.OOO, and it is hoped that all the losses
will be paid.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.
The following telegrams have been received
by Mr. Orton, President of the Western Union
Telegraph Company, ol this city;
Cuicago. Oct. SO.
Tu ITm. Orton, Pretident;
1 ain Instructed by car board to express their
warmest acknowledgements to yonr company for
me assistance rendered the people ol Cnio-go by
(imerat Stager. in perfecting our telegraphing
communications between tho rarloua dU
tributing points.
tSigned)
Wirt Dexter. Chairman.
Chicago. Oct. JO.
V.m. Orion, Prctidcrtf:
1 desire to express the deep thankfulness of
<-ar city to you as President of the Western
Union Telegraph Company, and alto through
y-*u to the Atlantic Cable .Managers for the kind
aid rendered to our suffering people iu the
iuompt trauemirfion of our v«-ry natneroui
.lucesagcs tree of charge. R. B. Mason, Mayor.
BEV. ALVIN BARTLETT ON THE CHtUAGO EIRE.
Hev- William Alvin Bartlett, ot Gqicaco, lu
hisaddrc‘3 last evening, expressed the belief
that although the loss will be between two and
tore* hundred utliioos. Chicago might bo made
to look as formerly lor fifty millions. Men
like William Ogden and George Smith
Lad pleJged their millions lor the
immediate guarantee that Cjicago «hall be im
mediately rebuilt. Tacre were 110, yOO bumpless,
luudlcss people to be taken care of until May,
v Inch will cutt at least live million d >llur* and
2 ujmre all the immense sums that have been given
SOUTH CAROLINA.
llsid on the Ku-Klnx by United Sta(<
Troops*
Colcmbia, S. C., Oct. 21.—Information is re
ceived uuro from York sod adjoining counties,
Spariauiburg and Chester. statins that there is
;r«»i KTciumoat ib>r«, nwiuS to the summary
i-ruccediugs of the United States Marshal and
troops. Forty-fear citizens were arrested and
crammed into a jail which vras already lull of
i:egr«ca. Several hundred citizens have descri
ed tbmr homes to consequence of the wholesale
arrests, and have sougnt refuge in the woods
until an opportunity presents itself to seek
safety. A rcisn of terror exists in that entire
tuctioa of the State, and depreditioni are being
committed on the property of citizens who Have
I'tud by cegrous and other evil diepoted persons.
A fight is said to have taken place on Ilroad
Ktvar, between a band of Ku-Klax and United
States troops, and the conflict was so severe that
r.inforcoa.ontahtil been called for.
WasoixuTON. Oct. 21,—Advices received here
fr,-tu South Carolina state that erSpanshflburc,'
on Wednesday evening last, a Ku-Klttz band,
'•■•imsliag ot a chief and 70 members, surren
dered to United States Marshal Johnson,
with their arms and disguises. Op to
Friday morning seventy arrests had
been made in the 'vicinity of that
t'lun alone. Spartansburg is known to be the
headquarters for that Congressional district. Ar
icsis hare been made In other counties, but the
number is not known here.
Attorney General Akerman is still with Colo
nel Merrill. Numbers of well-koown citizens
uro musing, including Lyle, member of
♦’ie Legislature, who is reported t« be chlof
of the Ktan lor that district. Among those who
have disappeared arc two or three clergymen
ka .wn for their strong rebel proclivities. The
officers ol the law are proceeding steadily with
their work, and before tbo arrests are all .made
they will, it is affirmed, show tbo existence of a
deep and wide conspiracy against the Stats, (be
laws, and all who sustain thorn. Mott of the
Ku-Klux refugees are known to have fled to
Georgia, where (be order is quite strong, The
K*adcr in that State is believed to be a tvn-ia-
Jaw of Robert Toombs.
The EplicopslUns.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune,
Washington. Oct 22.—Tho debate on Ritual-
which continued to-day, drifted from earn
est and pointed debate into something quite
JiUc a storm, which was only stopped by the ar
-3; val of the boar fixed for adjournment.
The Ritualists and those who thought it the
ai.ofl prudent course to take no action at
■_e present convention united in oppo
sition to that section ot. the proposed
canon which re-enacted certain English canons
in use in 1759, tho argument being that none
l.uzw what these were, and it vras consequently
eL.ui J to make them a law till their real charac
ter was known. This was nred in various forms
vitb great effect. Tnero scorned
to be a general belief that in some way these
English canons b .»ro stoutly against Ritnalism,
jind so when it became apparent that tbe.Jioase
-would refuse to endorse tbetn till informed of
ibtir nature, D. Mead, Chairman of tboCom-
Mittcc on Canons, and tor many years one of the
ju&ft prominent members of the ilous*. rose
Mid announced that as a member of the Commit'
ice on the Cjofercncc, be saw it would be nccei
iry to abandon that section. Tnis gave great
s.uutactioo ti ell opponent' of the proposed
i cti'<n, but the next step confounded (hem, nod
t itucd great excitement throughout the c-'-nven
-1 on. iu p‘a"e of the section withdrawn, Dr.M-ad
dered the body oi the rtcommendatUms made
five Rish<-ps t naming nearly every departure
t-.e Ritualists from Uq uanal form', and for-
I tJd>nr coca by name. He did this because h«
v-8 *ired of; fighting shadows, and now wanted
j direct vote on definite matters. lie
a anted the Bishop to btre fall
j incr over these fanatical men, as he'styled
l.ictir. lie detailed the posturing and «U*wt be
t .d seen at the holy altar, and termed them
g„-..eking, and tho result of the “let alone'" eys
t :s. in bis view, these men bad as much right
t- c.me frojn tae circus In the garments Ota
c.<i*n to the communion table, as in the vest*
it -juts they wore.
Ail this cominxfcom alligb Churchman, and
j. Koowlcdged loader in tue Hous*,- created a
d p excitement. Twu m >vcs were made at
o .cr, one to substitute for tin whole report a
ai.uido resolution leaving the whole m>'
t< r with tbo Bmh'tps, and .1-
rr’icr lu postpone the subject i«''l*a n it c r
2ae Utter prupostdoii was eh r entertained
t tbe House as to opaa U for debate. The first
et .*c4 iu favorof tht ir; jlion b y a RolUmoro
J» :u.Al«t, was CJcilomoatt Md
C. IA9 sled «d a Pf though Utgoilicd attack
gooUeman who bad met the
U -o* u squarely. Ratora a vote could
'J,, the hour ol odjournmcni arrived
j toe relief ol thsewnosaw their long*
Cv’“. cffjrts at harmony rapidly coming to
fa. i;got,
x ..c question is the regular order again for to*
Xt -Trow morning.
iLe present intention is (e adjourn on
T ;cslay nigut.
Ualtiuorx. OcU 21.—1n tbe Episeopsl Cjnreu
ti'J.t Uu considaratiou ot the amencanons on
tl t-ological edacatioo was made tba especial order
ft, r Monday nigot. The Committee uu Canons
ft ported it inexpedient to provide for (be repre
ftaialiwn of mtaoriiicc; against changing the
same of the couveution, and that all canous
b-rc&tterreporudodopied shall take effect tbe
E-i of January following. Ad .pted.
Tula committee tuen rvq'iCile- to be dls
charged from the cousidcraltou of several sub.
Uela referred to thfta.
A resolution from tbe Hymnal Joint Commit
tie, rccotmasodiog lho omission ol certain
h mas aud the insertion of others, was adopted.
T *c i Ho whig resolutions were adopted:
JU»uiced t That this boose regards with Jeep
ii.icro«( the work of tbe wotueu in tbe Cuurcb in
tuc formation of such Christian organization as
inirtoaaist with toe government and rules of
4„c Caorch.
Heated, Thst it be recommended to tbe re
spective dioceses and missionary jamdietloos
rcich may desire aid of srch organizations, to
adopt such measures as may promote the effi
ciency o; such auxiliaries, and guard against
A incssAfc received from the Home o.
SVs™b*?“.°” 0IB #mnil M r r.li,ion>
Dr. Moßoadr continued his argument on the
proposed canon on ritual uniformity.
A lone debit* ensued, which was participated
'°De r A C' lr F -*f. »»J DcK-ovon.
Ur, Mead aooka against tho practice of ritual
ism in churches, and its being taught in theo
!5 C Si efi? »i ute, propwed lh atriking out
rhJ5.h C 'f U 'p° providing lor Ibe moons ol tbo
Church of England m tore* in 1783. and lb* in
tiafa 0 Prohibitory reoommonda
tiont of too House of Bishops, concurring In th«
policy of the communion. '•“•‘''“"ing »n we
““Mon was diieuiiod, but, without roach-
Mouday. co cl 5,on Ul Housa adjournod Ull
foreign.
Turkey
Oct. 22.—A report comes from Con
stantinople that the Turkish Government In
tends to appropnato tho revenue of the
mosques.
Spain.
Madrid, Oof. 21*rlt is rumored that a project
isatootof s new Ministerial combination, in
which Sagosta, Zorilia, and an influential Demo
crat, are included.
Aid lor the Wisconsin and Michigan
Sufferers.
Mn-Tictn. Oct. 22.-A mcetine of tho Reliol
Cominittee was held last evening to meet Gover
nor Fairchild, and C lonel C, D. Robinson, of
Green bay. Colonel Robinson stated that tbo fire
extended on the Peninsula over a, a tract
£!i.»- miles long by twelve
wide. On tho West Side of the Bay
U was confined to Feshtlgo and vicinity and the
Roger settlement. The people of the Peninsula
nte all gathered at Menominee on the east
snore. The great suffering u from ten miles
north of Green Bay to Little Sturgeon Bay.
Governor Fairchild said be had telegraphed to
the Secretary of War lo issue 100 wagons and
harnesses and 1.000 uniforms for the destitute
people, and bad received a favorable reply.
General Sheridan told him when our people bed
done nil they could be would issue rations, aud
would keep supplies on hand all the fall te draw
from.
George. Wallen said $50,000 would be raised
‘herfsjSij.OOO in New York, and probablv over
SIOO,OOO would bo on hand for the suffering.
Supplies of men’s clothing have come forward.
The great nerd now is lor heavy clothing lor
women, and children’s clothing and under
el'thing. Lynn, Mess., telegraphed on Saturday
to Wavor Ludinglon to draw for $1,500. at.Lonie,
Now Aork, aod other cities have done likewise.
Coal Miners’ Strike in Indiana—Two
Thousand Men Stop Work.
Indianapolis. Oct. IS.—Tbo miners in the
Clay County coal fields of this State stopped
work on Monday morning, until the operators
bad announced ihclr position on the proposed
■trike. Tho demand of the miners is a reduc
tion in the weight of a ton of coal from 2,100 to
2.000 pounds: in mines where 2,000 pounds make
a ton, an advance of five cents for mining
is demanded. At the present rates, the miners
receive from SI.OO to $1.25 per ton. vary
ing with the thickness ol the vein. At
noon on Monday tbo miners, 2,000 in number,
held a meeting in the woods near Brazil, aod re
solved to allow those who were engaged in the
mines when the propos 'd advance was allowed
to go on with their work, instead of organising
a general strike, os was at first proposed. Th*
Carbon Block Coal Company acceeded at once
to tbo demands, and they now pay $1.31 per ton
for mining. They employ 50 workmen.
At a meeting of the operatives, held at Brazil
on Monday evening, it was agreed not to accede
to the demands of the miners, aod work will
be stopped in all the mines save those
of the Carbon Company. A strike at this time
will prove peculiarly disastrous to tbo business
of tbecounlry. aodinvolve great loss upon the
operatives. Many of the latter bavo taken con
tracts for tbo winter, and unless the supply of
coal U kept up at the present rates they must
lose heavily. Along the Ohio River there is no
coal at present, owing lo the low stags of tbo
water, and that section of the country is looking
to tho block c >ol field of Indiana far tbo winter
supply. Altogether tbo strike is a very unfor
tunate one.
TXic Missouri Republican State Com*
niittee.
St. Louis, Mo. Oct. 19.
At a meeting of the Republican State Commit*'
toe, to-doy resolutions were adopted reiterating
their previously expressed purpose to do every
thing possible lor toe unity of tbe parly nod (he
success of tbe Republicans of tbe State. With
regard to past differences or dissonsl'ns, they
fully recognize the right of individual prefer
ences for candidates, but when nominations bare
b**en made by tbe party conventions, personal
prctort-necs. they think, should then be sunk in
devotion to party surcess. In accordance
with tbe spirit of tbe resolution! passed
at tbe Republican meeting held yes
terday. they invito tbe liberal
Republican Slate Committee to unite with them
collectively or individually in a call for a State
Convention, to the end that there be a united
party and but one organization, which shall bold
legitimate relations with the National Repub
lican Committee. Tbe committee adjourned to
meet December 5. to consider tbe subject of
calling a State Convention to elect delegates to
tbe National Convention, and to elect anew
State Committee, to which meeting the Colored
State Committee, individually and collectively,
are invited for consultation upon the proposed
call. Tbe committee also adopted a resolution
requesting tbe National Republican Executive
X’ommlttee to call the next Nation® Conven
tion at St. Louis.
War Department Weather Kcport.
Washington, Oct. 22. Tho barometer will
probably continue to fall on Monday throughout
the Atlantic States, and the threatening weather
will extend from the Blue Ridge westward.
Easterly winds, possibly with rain, from Lower
X'.orida to North Carolina. Partially cloudy
and warm weather in the Middle and Eastern
States, and prevailing westerly winds from New
England to Wisconsin.
Vessel* Passed Detroit.
Detroit, Oct. 21—Evening.— Passed Up—Prop
Toledo; bsrk Constitution; eebra Escsnaba, Co
manche, Wancoma, Oak Leaf, Whaling, San
Jacinto.
Passed Dow*—Prop llnrd; bark Bcsiio Bar*
rick; schr Minnie Slaoson*
Wind—Southwest.
Oct.22.—Passed Ur—Praps W. T.
Graves, Potumac; bark* sju Lawrence. Cecelia
N«*. 1. Ceci'lia No. 2, Pcebtico, W'atson, Win.
t’turgrs. Ooeoou, Massillon; brig Standard:
scbrs Nabob, IdaßusseU, Hungarian, Newsboy,
Genres Wrcon, James Platt, Advance. Osborne,
Reindeer. *Dan Tindall, Agnes Smith, Aaron,
and Carrinetau..
Fasski* Dowy.-—Props Annie Craig. Oneida,
City ot Traverse; bark Emma Cayno: sebrs
Moraine Light, Cochran, Took. Reindeer, Twin
Sisters.
Wind—'Southwest.
RTetv YorK Dry <*oods Market.
Nkw Youk. 00l 21.—The dry goods market
was quiet yesterday for all staple fabrics. Wo
quote Nevada A brown sheetings at ll]nc: Nash
ua E. 15c; do R. lake; do o.pike; do 5-4. 2Cc:
Puts field A, 11c; Pacific A. 13c: P-ppereli E,
lAic: do R, 12! so; do 0. do JJ. lo!£o; do
7-1; 25c; doS-l.oOe; doll-4 32$* c; do
do 11-4, 40c: do 12-4, 4oc. Aubnm A Moacaed
muslins, Rates 0. S. do. 17(317i40r
Ballou A Sou, do. 13}4c: du
33-inch,like; Height Star do 15c; ’Cambria
dolSe; Hill’s Scmncr Idem,l6o; Social L,
Frail of Loom, 17o; Chapman X, 13c; Divot
•Mills, lSj&£l9c; New York .Mills, 21c; Allen’s
fancy prhiU: d pink do, 12c. Cocbeco fancy
mntihave been advanced by one house to
TJt£c: Washington fancy and chocolate prints
have boeu advanced to 12c, agents sell at UJ2c;
Linseysreduoed to 21c.
RooAug<
The notice in our columns yesterday morning
of the organization ol a roofing company will be
bailed with pleasure by oor community. Tho
names ot oar oldest tad moat reliable citi
zens and business man connected with it, is a
sufficient guarantee of the reliability aud sound
ness of the company. Work done by this c >m
pany will bo guaranteed, and the necessities of
our builders will 00l bs taken advantage of;
but. on the contrary, prices will be as low as if
the recent calamity had not befallen our city.
GFNEKAI. NOTICES.
Convict Labor to Let.
The undersigned, Commissioners of .the Illinois
Stale PeDltcDli&ry. hereby offer tho labor of from
fifty CM) to one hundred Uoo> convicts, and solicit
bids far tbe seme. Theeo tnon have bceu variously
employed at wagoomakin% blacksrulthiag, machine,
and foundry work.
Couiracu are i<> commence after the bids are ac
cepted, and to continue for a term ufyoars, as agreed
apoa, not to exceed eight years: each bid to be ao.
compsnied by a geod and sufficient bond in the Pe?,at
sum of fire thousand dollars, with sureties to be
approved by one of the Commissioners or t>ie War
den.
Tha Commissioner* rfwrre the right tv reject nay
bid winch in their judgment U not in the iatereet of
t hastate.
tor particulars we refer to our circular*, which
can be had oo application to Klmec Washburn, W'a*.
deu of the Penitentiary. to whom all Llda v aro to he
•eut. and who will answer any inquiries addmsed t»
him.
Tbo bids will bo opened at t o'clock t». m. on tbe
Haidar of Movetaber. 16T1 la the preface of such
bidders ai may choose to attend.
JOHN Kill).
Caspar butt,
niCILaliD BOWETT.
Commissioners,
Jot.ltt, 111.. Oct. 30. IS7t,
Any Parties
flavins trunks or pnekag of clothing from the late
ftr<* In their puaaeaalon marked
I*, n b., F. A, U. S., B. K. S„ or t. A. s.
please communicate wilb
FRED. L. FAKE. No. AlO Mlcliicati-aT.
A very liberal reward will be paid for tecovery
Will X, Who Found a Trunk
At foot of Erie et.. during tbe late fire, and adver-
tisoJ for an owner to The Chicago Tribune, ITih
lust, pleise communicate with
FRED. L. FAKE
610 Michigaa-av.
AND BK I.IBEHAU.r REWARDED.
Frear Stone Manufacturing Co.,
NOTICE—A meeting of tbe alockholders of this
Company will be held at the house of Hon. J. M.
Wilson. No. 639 Wabaah*aT., on Tuesday. Oct. 34, at
I o'clock p. ni, Business of special importance. A
full and prompt attendance la desired, by direction
of tbe President. J. R. DICKINSON, Secretary.
To Printers,
Wh'iaa offices bate been destroyed by the late fire,
wishing copies ot oor specimen books, can have tUvin
by applying lo onr agmt, Mr. J. U. Stacy, at 24 and
jv North Jefferson at., until Tuesday, ur writing ns
direct.. They are furnished without charge. A'e
bvte* fat) end complete stock of newspaper and
i«’bbinc material, aud am Oiling orders at sight.
Branch lira**. Df.rjil, JUchigan.
IIAGAR A CO..
30 and 3S Cold at.. New York,
Pawnbroker’s Notice.
1 have saved alt the Jewelry and soma of the Furr,
•ud, being obliged lo retire from business on acccuat
of the firs, 1 wish alt parties having such goods in
my place to redeem them as »000 aa possible. I can
be found at 299 West Madison at., for 50 day*.
M. C. CLANCY.
musical instruments.
After the Fire!
Now is the time to buy
Pianos, Organs, Melodeons,
Brass and String Instru
ments, &c., &o.
JirtartCo.,
Formerly of 69 VVashlogtoo-st M now located at
270 and 514 Michigan-av,
Te V-wlL h terl «t ice n e nrr already recoired
from NEW YORK ai.d BALTIMORE branches a
large stock of the celebrated
Knabe Pianos,
J. Bauer Co.’s Pianos,
Needham's Tongned Organs,
And other Mailcal Merchandise, which they offer to
the public for CAUIi at greatly reduced rates,
la a lev days they will have ou baud a new style
ORGAN,
Most elegant aod uniyus (n design, which they in
vite the public to call and examine.
Pianos. Organa, Ac., tuned, repaired and polished:
also, packed «ud shipped.
270 and 614 Michigan-av.
W. W- KIMBALL,
610 Michigan-av.
Pianos, Organs Melodeons.
PIANOS FOR SALE AND TO BENT.
N. ll.—All persons who have rented or leased Pia
nos will pleaae c«ll and report.
Eoimnce to ware rooms. CIO Michlgan-av. Pianos
tuned and repaired.
NEW PUBLICATIONS
THE SONG GARDEN.
By Dr. Lowell Mason.
Annual Sale 50,000 Copies.
TbeSotsff Garden. No. 1 Is for th* beginner*, and
contain* "tbo tlr*t*ltp*" in Mailcal Notation,
with many pleasing song*. Pricaoocts.
Tbe SoagAJargen. Nq, 2 f* adapted to th* mid
dle and uppir clone* Dr common schools. Price
60 oi*.
The Song Garden, IVo. 3 is for bigh schools and
»«mlo»ri**. Vnc», »V.
Pent, post paid, on receipt of the retail price.
OLIVER DITSON A CO.. Boston.
CHAB. 11. DITSON A CO., New York,
Ditson Co.’s
STANDARD OPERAS.
Ernaol, Fauat, Lada. Lnrretln. narlha.
Norma, Somnambtxln, Trariata, Trorn
(ore. Uorrloge of Figaro, Fidelio, Fra
Diarolo and Don Giovanni.
Zlandsnmplr printed. unabridged, auperior to all
other editions in fulluvu, containing all the foreign
and EoclMi word*, and all the manic, Including
that ortborecltativeg, they are yet told for the low
price of ONE DOLLAR EACH, and will bo sent to
aoyaddresa. p«t iror, for the above price. Finely
bound in boards for t2 each.
OLIVER DITSOS* CO.. Boston.
C. U. DITSON i 00.. Saw York.
CONFECTIONERY?
P. L. GARRITY,
MANUFACTURING-
CONFECTIONER.
Office, SO West Ma*Hson~st., and at Hcsi~
denee, SIS West Adams~at.
Bavin? lost my alt, I trust customers who hsv
boon as kind to mo la tbs ;>ti will now corns (or
ward and pay at one* th« amount of their accounts
•iuo or not due. and assist ra« In resuming business
which I shall do as soou as possible.
Trnl*. Ac.. P. T,. G\RRITT.
BANKS.
MANUFACTURERS’
National Bank
OB' CHICAGO,
KO. -154 WABASU-AV.
CHICAGO. Oct. ?3, 1554.
Manufacturers* National B\ok is open for business
as usual at til Wabash at. Our new Vault, together
with our Bnrglsr-proof bafee, gives us undoubted sc*
curity for eur book* and valuable*. This Bank will
open a BRANCH OFFICE on the West Side within a
few days, for the accommodation of its patrons. We
taka pleasure in slating to onr customers that, after
a careful examination of onr assets, iva find that our
losses will not equal our surplus fond, leaving our
capital of 1300,000 uninjured. We are not only pre
pared to do the business of our old customers, bo 1,
shall bo pleased to receive the account* of parite* in-
tending to commence business In Chicago.
IRA HOLMK*. President,
THE
STATE SAVINGS INSTITUTION
Das a temporary office at
SO. 589 SVABASII-AV.,
And will remove im of Norombor to new pluck
being hoilt on Madison ar.. between Market at, anil
the river, where thor will tv* liv-Hted until lb*r can
erect a YIHE-PROoF BASK BUILDING on the old
site, So »nd £2 LaXallo er.
NATIONAL LOAN AND TRUST CO.
REMOVED TO
107 Bandolph Street,
We have toannoooce (ooov patrons end tlin nob
lie generally. that we have >j.\VEb EVERYTHING,
end are now prepared cv. transacted businesses*
trusted to us wnh fidelity «nd promptitude.
Strong end reliable Refit! Drafts on the Bankers
or the Unite.* plates Uovmaent in London, to
IV** r •»kll same, at eight; Ui alls on the Bank of
Moutree*. Ftm National Banket New York, Drezel
A Cq,. Philadelphia.
-Money tent bv telegraph to hew York, Boston
Philadelphia and ban Francisco.
Deposit accounts received as usual.
GEO. C. SMITH, President.
\VM. H. PARK, Cashier.
Barker Walt,
WILLIAM norK 1N E.
Attorneys, Adjusters, and Notaries Fublic,
iC UAIUUSON-ST.
The Marine Company, of Chicago,
J. Y. SCAMMON
will for tbe present occupy office
NO. tst COTTAGE GEOVE-AV.
As soon os vaults are built, tbe above-named bisk
Vill remove to the corner of Ceogrees-el. and Mlcbl
tao-ar., which place It will occupy until the old alto
Is rebuilt.
Germania Bank of Chicago.
SO. 17 MILWAUKEE AVESUK.
The Germania Bask lu* established Its sewofßM
at the above place, amlia doing the regular hnalucM
as heratotote.
Old accounts arelibaralljr settled aodnewaccoonta
opened is tne customary way.
C. H^UBtLSDOUT,
W. J. HALLER. Cashier.
J. M. Adslt,
BANKER.
Opes for buiioeu,
453 Wabash ar.
Cushman Hardin,
BANKERS.
Have returned business at Ke. r-T. Michigan ar.. and
•re prepared to meet all demands in full, -Deposit#
received, and our regular banking business transact'
M aa usual. Accounts of merchants and country
bankers will har-vp-dal attention. For the accom
modation of our Weet Side friends and customers we
have opened a branch office at No. 1U Canal at., just
north of Randolph at.
The Real Estate Loan and Trust Co.,
HAVE RESUMED RUSINX^S
Wabash-ar.
Jacob R. Shipherd Co.
CANKERS,
164 Twentj-*ccoml-et.,
Chicago;
24 riac-et,, New York.
Our lAballe-aU vault proved perfect, sad vre
are impacting business without Interruption Jit
our rwcmty-secood-eL office.
C. FolUusbec «t Sou.,
Bankers, 401 Wal>*sh-ar.
OlDcc of jnerdmnu’ Savings,
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 414 Wabaah-av.
All depositors arc requested to forward me AT
ONCE, at above address, a statement of thetr ac
count with the bank, lor verification.
CD AS. DENROTIN. Cashier.
TOHSAZiXL
For Sale,
60 feet of shelving and drawer, must be taken
on Tuesday, the 34tb, by noon. Will sell at a bar
gain; 100 pasteboard boxes for sals also. Apply at
213 West MadUou at.
“Plant’* Extra” Flour,
OF ST. LOUIS.
For Bale al old prices. lo quantities lo suit pur
chasers. A.M. WIUGHTA CO.,
corner Catul and Lake-si s'
AMUSEMENTS.
GLOBE THEATRE. j
COL*. WOOD'S MDdEOil COMPANY AT
TSE GLOBE,
Desplalnesst.. between Washington and Madison.
Monday and Tuesday JSve., Oct. S3 and 34,
AND WEDNESDAY MATINEE.
Xlie Poor Gentleman,
Irish Uon.
POLICY HOLDERS
IN THE
Star Lecture Course,
Suffer No Loss.
TICKETS REDEEMED AT FAB.
Terms or settlement will be annonneed -In this
column on Wedaesday. -i-;
Prol, c. A. Carr’s, Acsdtmles
will reopen October Z3 aod St, where pupils may re-
sume their lessons as usual. Ball to rent.
AUCTION SALES.
WM. A. BUTTERS 00.,
ArcnONBBRS.
Office No. 1204 Indlana-Ar.,
Will resume business on or before November
At Nos. 3 and 4 Dearborn Park,
Directly, opposite old stand on Randolpli-st.
AUCTION! MOTION!
WM. A. BUTTERS CO.
ABE BEADY FOR BUSINESS.
Office 1204 Indiana-av.,
Southwest cor. of Indlana-ar. and Twenty-iUJh-st.
Orders left at our new aland.
Nos, 3 and. Bandolph*st,
(OPPOSITE THE OLD STAND)
Will Eeei WitH Prompt Attention.
Bales of all kinds of merchandise solicited.
We will holdout first sals atonr New Anction
Boose on Wednesday, November 1. next, opening
with a fresh stock of dry goods, clothing, bt*. u and
thoeo, Yankee notions, Ac.
WM. A* BUTTERS €O.,
348 Wabash-ar.,
G-enteel House Pumi tine
AT AUCTION,
rn WEDNESDAY. Oct. 25, at 10o’clock, at dwellin
3*B Wabaah-av, Furniture consist* of Parlor, Dio
ngßoom,and Chamber bets, Beds, Bedding. Oar
pits. Stove*, Crockery. Ac.
war. A. BUTTERS A CO..
Auctioneers, Office 13*4 Indlana-av.
Fashionable Furniture
At public auction for cash, to the highest bidder*.
SATURDAY, Nov. 4th. at in m., at the new Ant*
tlon Room* of WAX. A. UUTIEKS A 00., Nos. mod
4 Randolph at., on Dearborn Park, opposite the old
stand, the unsold baukrnpt stock of A. FUBDIN A
CO., consisting of elegant inlaid Tables, Rsception
Chairs. Pofas, Rockers. Ac, The sale of this proper
ty has been delayed bv litit.'atioo recently settled. It
isapurtiou of the-Leal.-Yredin nock, and must be
sold to close estate in bankruptcy.
ROBERT JESKISP. Atalgas*.
VII. A. BUTTERS A CO.. Auctioaecca.
le its Mi
AND AX THEM.
Our largo and centrally located Warehouse will be
ready to receive consignments on MUNPA V, Oct. 23.
and we shall bold au auction sale of
Boots, Shoes,
AM RUBBERS,
On Wednesday, October 25,
And of Fnrnitore, Household Goods, Carpets, and
Crockery, on SATURDAY, Oct. 23. at 10 a. m.
All partie* having any goods they desire to turn
Into CASH, will find us with every faculty to assist
them. CEO. P. CORK A CO..
1 a*3d 3 Raodolpb-tt.. corner Michigan-av.,
late 22. 24 and N> HandolPh-lt,
By GILBERT A MARTIN.
No*. 3S and 60 West MaJJ*on-*t.
Capo.—Our spaHons and elegantly situated sales
rooms ure now ready for the reception of every de
scription of Household Goods and Merchandise.
Household Furniture,
Ntnvee, New Bedstead*. Lounges. Ac., at auction, on
MONDAY MORNING, at l» o’clock, at thoSales
room* AS ago GO We*i M*dl«on-»r.
NEW BOOKS.
THE
public, and particularly thoee merchants who bare
»o liberally placed their cards in its pacts, are In
formed that the beet, the mcstnaccurate. and ably
written account of the great tire, in pamphlet form,
entitled Tb* Great Conflagration, or the Destruc
tion of Chicago,” issutd through the Western News
Company, it now la the press of Cramer. Aikens A
cramrr. Milwaukee, and will be on sale at the earli
est possible moment, consistent with careful and ac
curate compilation and proper workmanship. An
accurate map. oeepts of the ruios, etc., are being pre
pared. Tbe price t* pieced at 2S cents per ropy, tad
the >.ook i« Intended far the million.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
BOOTS AND SHOES,
Saved from the Fire!
Can be bought at
X,. MANNHEIMER’S,
336 West Randolph-st,
(Formerly opposite the Briggs Mouse, 1
At a reduction of 25 per cent.
WHOLESALE
BOOTS AND SHOES
1. B. WEBER CO.
will r op a for tbwmatsafacture and jobbing of Boots
and boe~ on or about Nov. t, and will be ready to fill
btiler* sell fmo stock. We have eecnr-d new
brick atore, three Hoots and basement. 571 South
State-et near corner of Twelfth: accessible by boree
cars rut>* og on State-st,, or by sUacs one block east
on WnlMch-ar. Office. 714 Wabasb-ar., for tie
pfftmt. v
Doggett, Bassett Hills.
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash^av.,
Corner Harm an-coart.
ARE NOW RECEIVING A
NEW STOCK OF
BOOTS SHOES,
And -will soon be prepared
to supply customers.
PARTNERS WANTED.
OABTKSH WAJiIKM want..* grtitlenuo with
ST a few thousand dollar* to join mo la reopening a
first-clsss business. lie nm«t be a tnao of strict in
tegrity, as the book and inside business would b* an
trusted to him. Address, with reference*. ABC,
.Tribute office.
T>AUTNER WANTKD-fUJ.C-C, lo a boot and thoe
X manufactory, having a well-established trade,
rapidly extendi** up to tbe lime ol the late fire, and
onir requiring additional capital to make It tbe l*st
psiisi bmlnMiiu the Northwest. Addwas BOOT
AND SHOE M ANUFACTUKY. Tribune office.
PA R» NEUYT AST KD—tVjiU IB ready cash
to join the advertiser lu a Drst-elassretailcro
twrr bntinM*. three years established, and doing a
basinesi of 160.000, anti believe tbs prospects ars good
fur S3Q.OUU moru. 1-waot nothing less than a yonng
man of Orsl-ctsss buaiuess qaalificsliooi, one folly
posted In tbe business preferred. Address, appoint
lot an interview, GROCER. Tribune office.
F" AirrNKU WANTED—Bnsinass partner wanted
with cash capital »f at leaat *3.«00, in a retail
store doing* tip top cash business in tbe country, 63
oiiiaa from Chicago; good references given and re-
Snlred. AJdrwiure C. H. BRIGHAM. 112 Went
sundotph »t.
Partner wanted—with *10,000; can and
mod chance lu fim-tlm manufactUTing
twines*. Addma KiTCUERDSON. Tribnus office.
I>ABTNCR WANTZD-lu-furniture store mo
I repair shop; an honest straichtforwa. d basinets
m wanted of none. Will tell half inierett for
Si o>m. «.«|l at 7? «ontb H*l*le«i «t.
IvArtTNEB WANTED—With woo to fooo. or to go
X intir the pbotographic bualneu. Apply at 73 West
KlnalesU
PaRTXEB Wanted—l have 53.0U0 or *3,00 0 to In
veatln aotae Paying basinets; commission pre
ferred. Add tvs I W ST. TrD.uaaoSce.
PvItTNtR WANTED—* bnsln-ss roan who can
command some capital wishes to jomapme one
who had a business est«Dllsb<*d before tbe fire, and
is about to resame it- Wholesale bootjmdl th«e botl.
nrae preferred. Addreea JtEBCUAHI, P- O. Box
33>.
Kew York »*lllea And IVeeklies
Can be had at the:
tiUCEMAN HOUBE NEWS DEPOT,
Corner MAdisoa atid Clinton.
?nY BKA1« ESTATE.
F 001 r
t —A3 \T!!_® e ‘°i rrear Btoa* dwellings; ibm
!Sil3f f°* In every respect. for
J3.l?Stfi°l?, nt 08 EIU*-»*. luqalriial cor*
FREAK* aQd HOLLAND A
F AL f m 3*/. 0 r l bo Q *nd atorca on Weal
f»ke and Madlson-sts.. with ImmadUU poum.
aloe. aoma on laaMderonad. with favorable leases.
fciSJ,! w
Ob doatb aide. 00 1
L A 2'BaJ4»o. Q.trtUUl, mh.
I7to, rftb, 29 th, 30th and Mth-sts., and on Shurtlrff
J*£i-» worth av*. FlToyoarv. elx per cent. No
an? rt HwoA each lots mast soon donble
dnerenaed demand for building tola
w hein ad maoy teoaof million* moat be paid for
!2?*V advance tbs price of each lots. The old
ftabaeha? ALBERT CRANK. $72
F1& SALE— 3UHSO feet on Clinton southeast
corner .W.ehington et.
on Canal st., southeast corner Wash*
*hd maaiog through to Weal Water-at.
VVJU lease either property for forty or flftr years
lor good; improrcmenta. O. 8. HuBBaRD. JK. P
Heal Karate Agent. TP Canal at.
L’OB SALE— all ready to ns*;
I (N»“*<>n*My tarns; high and rolling land,
ind rains to and from the city.
.Animproved farm of SO acre* ier sale cheap', or win
trade lor city property.
/fe. y*^. o -*..°l-.h>ai |q the city. 1 may be seen or
iddteteed at Hinsdale. O. 3. BTOQGH.
'PGJt- feet northeast corner, of
L A dame and Franklin at. SNYDER A LEE,
Real.gstate Agents. No. Alatropolrtan Block.
FOU SALE—Fine baiioeas property In burnt dis
trict four Choice residence*, on Wabiih to*
nnt-for btuloeat property: Hvde Park residences
ULRICH A BOND. 511 WaLUb ar.
IVK SALE—S3*;« Vest, west Ironc7on Mark-t tt.,
L*S I?X a Ad m, a,,d Uulncyjeasy terms. SNYDER
A LEE. Heal Estate Asaats. 9 Sooth HaUted et.
FOB £ALE—Valnvble lease, 75xSJ feet, southeast
corner of etal" atd Adams st.; ground rent for 15
valuation each ten years Uiereafler.
KSYDEB A LEE, Beal Estate Agents, 9 South Hal
itedir.
C. A.CAEB,
pOR SALK—Mssufketorloc lot 135 by 265 on the
A cor. of Tw*oty-secenrt and Alloort-sts. (near
t>otrvav.> AYERS 3C EOFr.JU VVabash-av.
FOB fAliß—^Three new first-class Cleveland stone
front ot one-nr Hie Soati* Side avenue*—the
u»»tMt boose* la tb» city; with all modem improve*
meals,aod lots I&& ftrtaep, at only Sa.ao» each. Ap.
ply to SMITH A CADWKLL. 134 8->u»b Park av.
FOB SALE OB EXCHANGE—ForhoQM.Iote and
part oath, two n«w boutesoo tbe North Bide.
C.ll ar 99 Fremont.st.
|.'UKaAlE~llwxi», southwest corner of lialsird
1 and Follonats. SNYDER A LEE, BeslEatato
Agent*.9Bontb Halsti-d-st.
POR SALE—With improvement*, buildings Nos,
L ISO, 137,' (31, 13d. JSfi. and 140 Wml Lake st, with
lease of laud. Apply to PHILIP lIDKE.
et. .the premises.
F'Olt BALE—'Two *L<ry aud hasement boose on
NVabash-av. nuar Twenty-fourth st.; years
leu* at SISS per rear. A epiendid bargain. Part of
furniture for sale. W. O. COLE, Real Estate Agsnt.
IK Wsb»«h-*v. ]___
f/OB BALA—House and lot No. too Muuro*
r west of Leavitt, 7 rooms, with basement. Price
Jt.nfiO; sl..vnc*»h,balance In 3, i, ami iya*re, wiib
seul-annapl interest at 8 per cent. Possession glvau
lamedisteiy.' For farth,r In'ormatioa inquire. at
35« Warren-ur., corn ir of Oakley.
RUR BALE— By 0. 8. III'BBA It D.JB., iom» very
choke basin*** property in tbs burnt district,
on Michigan and Wabash at*, and Washington si.
0.8. HUBBARD. JR., TO South Canal at. and 479
Wabash a*.
FuK SALE-Burnsd disirict-Bargaiai la central
btuineu property., (lava given purchasers. during
,11m patt,«ee£t thobeit bargain* Lad In Chicago tor
years. Lmt«‘ rbor name* who want bargains.
ABCLL A HOTCHKISS. Real EetateAgente. MCa.
nal*t.
(TOR SALK—Or rent—A large house wl b all mod*
'I? era improvement*;- containing 13 rooms, hath
V*i4r,-gai,-Ac.; home osw and in good ordrr.
Address «rr*Jl at 170-West Monroe st.
VNUR BALE-^At a bargain, corner of Washington
L and Carpenter sts.i ino ft front with 60 it of large
i brick bending, worth »IV*A>; whole premint can' be
had If taken al ou:e for 123.0UU. AIRKSAEUFF,
311 Walash av.
t* 'OK BALE**Sr D. COLE A SUN, mat' estate
a*cpl*. office ISS West Madison st. lute
3oxSO off JHadUoo near Clinton. 3ixlt2 on
Madison neiT Peoria, lo6xtns Madison, 90 fret
no Drt-plMnet'nti? Mmilwti. at a bargain. 4ftx!Q«.rt
Canal Adam* »t»d J .t ck co;
WxJbo.on Madison near
osar LaSalle fOnrnt district;. ar.. cor. Mon.
roe, burnt district. 25x712 on near Ils.tsUd,
4>X200 on Adams near Canal or fort 4**olnmp.
Bargains os business and residence propsrty In f»t
Division. Largs list et bouses stores and offices to
rent.
AUCTIONERBB,
FOR BALE—Choice lets lor building purposes tor
ran or *3OO. Partis* burned out should learn a IS*
son and get a little oat of the centra of th* cllfa,
where they are Jess exposed to the tire. Call nn u.
and take a ride and eeaour lots. STOREY A QKIF
FIN, 220 Weet Randolph at.
SUBURBAN BXAIs ESTATE.
FOB SALE—Suburban home*. No extortion on ac
count of the tfre, or rise in lumber. I will offur for
Sals ana week, 13 house* and lots, mostly new, nt a
deduction of on*-fl<tb from my former price. Thi-y
are a< follows; In Evanston—l new boas* of lo
rooms at >4.500; 3 cottages of 3 rooms at >2,n00; one
at 11,700 3 at 11,3i0. In North Evanstou-3 new
bouses of 8 rooms at 53.3C0; 2 at >I,MO; one at >2,ix*>:
and one at 31.b0. lo Glencoe—2 new Gothic bods-s
of 7 and 8 rooms at tS*(t}o each; terms M cash down,
balauco in I, 3. and 3 years, whb 8 per cent interest,
or for tnomhlr parmenis with 9 percent: most of
fbrso bouses will b* rented after the Ist of November
if D<>» sola. C. K. BROWNE. Evanston.
FOR SALE— Bay those large lots and make a de
lightful home at Desplaloe*. 4° minutes’ ride no
cash from those who bnild. EDMUND G. BTILE-*,
112 Weet Randolph st.
COUNTRY REAL LSTAEE.
L'OR SALE—FARM—The Stiles farm, near Do
Kalb, 111.. miles Imm Chicago, one of the
best farms In Illinois. Will be sold at once at a
great sacrifice. In 6to. 320, ICO, or 80 acre tracts. Ad.
drais E. F. DUTTON, Sycamore, 111.
17VUU dA LE—A very desirable rrsidsoce, situate in
V tbecltr of Racine, Wis. The honse is well ar
ranged and contains l< rooms, and Is almost new:
tbs ontbnitdlngs consist of stables and carriage
bons* in enclosed yard; th* grounds are i,Seely laid
ont, and ar* well stocked with apple, pear an t
crape*, the whole Comprising about 3*f acres ul land,
aud is surrounded by a picket fence. Apply to JOU>
WILSON. Bsclne. Wia.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WAKTED-To pnrehass 50 feet lo burned dis
trict for cash: must bs west of state and north
of Vaoßun-o at. 7. 8. FITCH {A CU.. )03andl6>
Dearborn at.
WANTED— And for Sale—lmproved and unim
proved property in Month Division. FRED.
L. FAKE A CO.. 54. p Michigan av.
TU’ANTtO—Real Estate—Owner* wishing to sell
v in tho burned district at selling prices can flod
c*th rmtoroors at our office. Our orace is central,
and property left with os tor sale will have the at
laotir.it of capitalists. ABELL A HUTCHKIBB, 63
Canal at.
T’jT’AN'TED-By C J. Cone A Oo„ Ileal Estate
T* Agents, No. 9 Booth Caual at., Boom 6, lm*
pr* rd and unimproved property, west ofllalsied.
ai.J between i-Ilozie and Harrison at*., for cnato*
men; also lots In burned district.
\irAN’fßl>—To purchase, for cash, a3oor 30 foot
tv Ln in the burnt district. stauth Division, North
of Madison and east of LaSalle tt. Address by let
ter, J >1 N. 357 West Adams at.
WASTED— 60to IN) feet on Bonlh did*, north of
Twelfth si. and e«st of Franklin. A VAIL A
SON, ms West Madi«ot. sr.
WANTED— Encumbered South Sid* business
property in exchange for cash and unencum
bered suburban latds. A. VAIL A 6 Off, IJo,*i West
Madison at.
WANTED— Basinees lot on Nontb Side, and two
lots south of Lincoln Fork. EDMUND G
STILES, tirWast Bandolph st.
WAN*TED-To Lease-75 U 200 tt dock front In
burnt district. Address by mall J. L. COB
THKLL.7U Michigan av.
\IT ANTED—Property In tbe bnrnt district to flit
order*. already far Investment; bring luyonr
lists. OEORQKA HILL.A« 9 State si.
ALBERT CRANK, if la (bo city, will please call
on ED. W. HYDE. 7* West Randolph it.
INFORMATION Wanted of Mn. Martha Dala4«ho
1. kept a boarding home at 201 Micblgan-st., or any
of hor bcardira, or any other person who know* any
thing of Mn, a. J. Thompson. or her daughters
Leepa ao<i Mn h. J. Keeler, or her e-u* Allr d It.
an I Frank Tbompaou.tibaUttei wa« ta the employ
of Jones k Sellers), einca the firo, will conf-r a great
favor by tending aur Information to MUe B. T., care
of WATTS a "11101, Montgomery. Alabama.
T>ERsONAL—If Carrie Boyd Is In the city she will
X confer* faroron her friend by sending her ad*
dteas through the Tribune. T.
PERSONAL— The lady who left tier dress with a
dressmaker at 115 Wasson «t. can find it at 131
North Sangamon st. JENNIE COUNLY.
PERSONAL— Cora R, ReNore pleats call at ticket
office of Fort Warne A Chicago Railway Compa
ny, Uadtsen end Canal sts., and get loformatioa re
garding friend F.
PERSONAL— IT J. M. Cary. Boofsr. formerly 149
LaSalle st„ will call os »o. H. Thompson, ZfJ
Wret Madison if., Thompson*! Block, hi will bekr
something to bis advantage.
PERSONAL— If the mao driving aD. S. Express
wagon on Michlg»a-av.,on the morulog of the
fire who took throw portrait stinting. frames tad
mirror, will notify tas *t MO Michigan av. where I
cau Had them, the bill will be paid. W. O. 08-
GOOD
LOANS negotiated. Chicago still llvrs. Short
Idans negotiated on approved collateral, or rral
securities. 133 Wadieon-at.. Kocra 5.
rpUNMCLIFF, LUAN BBUKLK. OFt ICK, iZi W.
X Jackson et.
rttO DIAS-Money oo diamonds, watch#*, silver-
X. ware, Ac,, or will buy tbe same, JAMES B.
STOREY. 10t South CUntoo-st.
W ANTED—To Invest a few thousand dollars cash
V* in a paylag bueinev.*. Address at oner, stating
full panienlars. Bug 9. Jan»iT»le. Wl».
*C*/I rWIfITotUAN unreal relate; alsoafrw
thousand oo short time, with good
Cullatorala. Out of the ruin*, reaay for business and
plenty of pluck. B. K. DCW.SINC A CO., 503 Wa*
besb-av.
flbQ Afl/y TO.LOAN on real estate in Chicago,
\J U w (or tbre* years, in snot of gi.doo and
upward*. Apply to B. E. EVERSON, at Els A
Parker"*. 151 U eat Randolph «t.
ri/vy\To LOAN 50a bueiueaa Arm on city
tJIAiU.UVJU raol estate security. No commie
»iwu asked; L-nt an interest is the proflte of the busi
ness.' Addrua. with particular* and reference*, J B
M. OJ-tU Hit.
Ay fvn nnn TO LOAN on property in the
burnt district for balldlug
purpoaas only. Call or address 257 Jlichigao-av.
C*Onrt AAA TO LOAN—On grain u collat-
*Mr »t i^jtichjwnjt.
FOR £ALE-Übo two-barrel sis box. Call at 63
Bine Island ar.
>UK SALL-7IM pounds .Nonpareil tips (two years'
old) at-to cent* per pound. Bavingjust procured an
entire new dress for onr paper, we offer tbe above
for sale, VU. U. BURK A CO., Publisher* Detroit
Cotußisrtial Advertiser.
FIR SA EK— Vo.ofw good brick convenient for ship'
Belli, r. KaSPuLK. Pittsfield. lU.
F'ftK SALK—Two hand hoisting machines. Apply
at3»Q Wrst LakacrTS West Randolph st.
1?OB 6ALE-Brick—Joo,«o good brick, delivered
on Chicago A SL Louis cars atones, at Gardner,
111. Address E. G. STILES. U2 Watt Randolph-^.
Fob Balk-i«,oco cuoiei. seasoned cigaes
ef my own maupfacturc. different brands and
qualities In quantities to salt. A. IIOTEBMAN,
259 East Randslpb-«t.. comer Market. Hoop No.
FOB SALK—Cheap—a quantity of good cbeeee can
I* bongbl at 33 West Madison st. Tba eeller U
leaving the city, *nd will eeli at a bargain. Price
from »e la tsc par lb. _ _
copar:
TO WBOH IT MAY CONCERN: Notice l» hereby
given that Ik* cepartnwnhlp heretofore existing be
tween the nuderstgaed. under tbe name and style of
Jones A Fuller, is this day dissolved by mutual con
sent. Alldebts due the firm and claims against tbe
said Arm are to be settled by W. T. donee.
Witness ear hands this 3dtn day of September. 1571.
W. T. JONES,
B. H. FULLER.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
Dissolution of Copartnership.
Notice la hereby given that the c»p«rtnership here
tofore existing under the oatae of Barker A HUI
is berebr dl**olveu by mutual coesrot All mature
pertaining to tbe oM firm will be adjusted by John
R. Barker, who will continue the Furnace business
at 117 Klgbteealh-st., er-Tboe. O. Hitler, who wil
coßtlnne the Hardware and House Furnlsblogbori
lneM„ atC7< Bt«te-*t.. D« h
ATRCNK. belonging 10 Mn, Si. Lyons, was pat
on board of car said to have (mb mu' to Cottage
Grove on to* night of the fire. Any Information of
the above can N* left with REDMUNO PUINDI
VILLE. Board of Pnblic Works.
ANT on* having a trunk marked K. C. Shaw
.would coufsr a great favor by tearing word at
K3l Michigan ar. It belong* to a poor girl who lost
all In the Are.
A iiANOK fed cow lost ou the sight or the fire
■n, from ailtblgao.it,, a pitta ent off the right
wra.-a brass nob on tbs other horn, when last seen
ikd. a .chain about tba neck, the finder will receive
T l9
EUpTtA sorrel chestnut bone, tllteen hands three
lbcbet high, white stripe ou nose, one hind white
>oot. and marks of a rowel on bam of left bind leg.
Any Information leading to the recovery of him will
wiratefally received and liberally rewarded. 0. J.
BLAIR, 225 Uiehlgao-av.
LUST-1100 reward will be paid lor the return or
information of the following baggage given to
two young men. Germans, on Monday, the 9lb last.,
to take to a plat* of safety: One brown leather trunk
name 00 sllverplate over lock.one sole-leatber troak
with canvas cover, marked W. C. U. 0., Chicago,
one black BPMiA-l<*ath»r valise, with two; locks, amt
pocket 00 one aide, very large size. W. 0. C. GIL
LESPIB.tS3NVabaah.aT.
LUj l*—A square box Icp-Lnggy. with monogram U.
B. Jr., on sides, taken from Gillen's North Side
Tattersalla s.ables the morning of the fire. The find
er will be suitably rewarded by leaving theaatne with
3.BKl‘i/K, A'abnsh-av.-
PERSONAL.
FINANCIAL.
FOR SAXE.
NOTICES.
Notice.
DOST AND FOUND.
V OST—A large canvas covered trunk marked D. F,
AjU., Idaho, on both ends. The finder will be liber
illy rewarded by tearing the same at 138 Twenty
lecondet.
f ÜBT—Two trouks, whloli were left at 13dTownsend
iJ at., corner of White. Monday morning, daring
the fire. .Any parties having (hem In their possesion
will ties** leave their address at 2P Mitchell St.. Or
at this office, and receive reward.
LOST— The party who took au open, tide spring one
bone wagou iron the sub's yard of the Buffalo
Millar Brewery and Malt House, on tho morning of
et. 9. Is requested to return the same at ones >0
WYETH A VANDEBVOORT MALTING CO., 129
.Wet* Lake st. s
LOST— On sionday. Oct. 9, wnil<* going from Oak to
Centre at., a chaaed gold bracelet, with piece of
chain attached. A suitable reward will be paid for
Its return to C. C. SING. Ster and Creacent Mills.
T OST—On NVabatb av, on Mnndav morning, a
trunk, marked Wm. Edwards The fiodrr will
ba liperaliy rewarded. Address 3*3 State-st.
T OST— A soluble reward will be paid for the return
a* 7 to 12 Eld ridge court of any books or papers of the
Continental Insurance Company of New York, and
••f the cotiuentaiilnsuraoce Company of Freeport,
T EFT ‘at my house, an open rnckaway. nearly
A* new, on tbo day of tbe fire. Address D G, Tri
bune office. giving full description.'when the owner
can hare it.
T* OSiT— tlo Reward-On tbe 10th inst., a small
1a black and tan slut, large with pop*, and an
iwert tu the name of Wicke<t. Tbe above reward
will be paid bv returning to 89H Klate *t.
T UST—Sunday afternoon n ladles' breaslolD. Jet,
go'.d-moantlnca hand holding cross sat with
pearll.-'F4udsr will be suitably rewarded by return
tngaatueto t3 Gurley su
LOST- On Monday morning, Oct. 9, a smooth.
black trunk, containing letters addressed to
Mrs. 11.-L. Forrest. A liberal reward will bspaid to
the pereos returning It to 759 NTabash av.
LOST-* *60 reward Tor trunk containing clothing
and passe*. left (a Urn park on lake snore, foot
of Washington at. the night of the fire. Ad>lreae U,
H. n. D»UCS. U ttpctn Choton at-
T-UST—Doting the fins ledger and journal marked
Li “Trust Knud,'* “Estate It.'A. Alexander.*'
and other account books concerning Alexander’s
•state, left In Lake Park, front ol Michigan a*.
Liberal reward will be paid for the above. J. i>,
WALLER; 370 Wabaah av.
LOST— Or Stolen —A yellow feather vail**, n*w, no
name or mark*; wan moved from 216 Wabash
«r, jnst before the flames caught opposite, and
thrown into an express wagon standing In front of
Sit or 3*6 Wabash ar. Tbs cont-nts are o r n« value
except to tbs ewnlr. If returned to W. E. HERR
MANN, 270 Michigan ar, a liberal reward will be
'given,
LOST— On Monday morning of the Are a Bnsset
trank marked Horae* Stamp. Was put on «light
buggy wagon at the corner of Kush and Illinois st*.
A liberal reward will be paid f«r It* return to Amor,
lean Merchants Linton Express Company, corner
Tweoty-srcond and Indiana.
LO-nX— On tbo night of the Are. b-twoen Ciybonrn*.
av. bridge and Paulina and North «r., s violin
in ablack caee. A liberal reward will bo given to
anyone returning It to Warren av.
I Oof— At the time of Use tiro, a black silk velvet
JJ waist, white satin sleeves, a brown silk velvet
wsial trimmed with brown satin, about 4 yards ot
brown allk velvet, same of black allk velvet. 1 piece
of ashes of roses; Irish poplin, containing IT yard-,
i white Uce shawl. 1 PaUley shawl, I black lace
shawl, about 4 yards of green satin: were *ll in one
M;?ir r.lori.„J IP EgMONB i'RISDIVI LLK,
«fi7 Fulton at., or tit the Board of Public Works, a
very,liberal reward will be given. _
LUST— »M Reward—Removed from my office in Ho.
iiofeßlock, on the night of the hr*, two archi
tectural volumes, folio text lo French. Illustrating
the Palace of Fontalnehlcu; wb'»ev*r will rvluru the
■■mo to 374 Michigan itv w*ll receive the above re*
wK. CUASL A, ALEX AN DER. Architect.
LOST On Monday, th* 9lb. Piece of worsted
work, pattern autumn leave* in sqnares; and
ruffled cambric apron, onJU abash *v. near Twenty*
second st, or Twenty second st commuos to Twenty*
third st. Liberal reward. Leave nt 1111 Prairie av.
LOST— Oo dfouday, 9th init.. from open mace at
jnnctlrn of •lark and R ells «ts. opposiio Lii.*
coin Park, lady’s large leather covered trunk mark
ed M. E, W„ Chicago. Any parly giving Informa
tion that will lead to the rwurerr ol cantents will be
well piidtortrouble RKDJiOSD PUINDIVILLR,
Alemtwr Board Public Works. 4 r Folton et.
LO.ST— >10 Reward—A top bnggr. .‘4 coal box.
round corner*, double reach, blaca gear, red
atnprs, and paint wall worn. N.S. STOW, yO Run*
dolph st.
LOSX-Ua street car. Satnr ay. between high*
te-nth nnd Lake sts. black travelling taichel.
containing gantieman’s underclothes. Finder will
be morally rewat ded by leaving same at M. GRAFF
A UO’B.. 123 Weft Madieunat
LOST— Id LakHPark. a bureau drawer eoct-luiug
•oiled clothing, books, Ac and tin trunk with
papers. A liberal mward wilt l>e paid for return of
same, or part, to ELA A PARKER, 151 W«st Ban
dolj h
POUND—Uo the morning of the fire, a cow, which
L the owner cau have by proving property and pay
ing charges. T. MCCARTHY, 262 North Sauga
tnop st.
FUUND— A dark bay horse, which the owner cun
have by proving property and oaring charges.
Apply at IDt North LaSalle >L 11. FLYNN.
HO US IS left at eialde .lay after lire, by a man call
Inc himself Blanch she is a bay mare OoriO
ysars old. weigh* about 1,000 pounds, is a little stiff;
also, taken uo, a white cow and red heifer, which
owners can liar* by proving property, and paying
rbarg~s «t stable rear of 341 West Washington st.
JAB. D. BECKETT.
MISSING— Andrew J. Mattlson, of Fort Wayne*
InJ., who arrived in this city at 12:jn P.M. Sun*
day the 7Ui last., and baa not since bwn heard from.
Mr. MatlieoD vra* 34 year* of aye, ihoifililh Are feet
eiz Inchre. weight a boot 165 pound*, hair dark brown,
chin whisker*, rather ssnur, complexion fair, eye*
bio*, bald on the top of bead. When leering home
be wore a Msaonle pin. and a silver case.watch. klciu
morement. Any Information about him will he
llberelly rewarded br addr***ine G. MANAIIAN, 900
Mkblcan-ar., or MBS. A. J. MATTISON’, Fort
Wayne, lad.
RKWARD-Lost on the 9th inst., near 17 Con
anas at. or Michigan mt.. near Twelfth at., n
bundle of ladles' clothing..black silk over dress, and
waist trimmed with thread lace; cashmere skirt,
trimmed with wide guipure lace, black silk dresses,
etc.; also black walnut and gilt book standard,
large family bible, Buakvspnare, speeches of Cboate.
etc. Aor one returning above articles, or any of
them; will be liberally rewarded. I? Congress at.
RESCUED— From the fire one light bay horse.
Call at No. 5, Twenty-lxth «t. prore property,
and pay charges. W. E. DOWNEY.
STOLEN— From corner of Jackson and Denies a*,
black mare. sway-back. tail switched »ff square,
one bind foot whlta; a little while rim on fore loot:
buggy light drab open Concord, richt fore wheel
■pokes loose. Anyone who will return tame to 1135
Prairie ar will;be rewarded. J. SLACK.
STRAYED from Hathaway, foal yard, Randolph si
bridge, now owned br D. Botle, one white bone
on ThuraJar, I9tb. When lut «»en on Madia .o btMge
led or a The owner ia a poor mao and will
par <3O lor bis return to D. Uoa.'ea coal yard, Ran*
dolpb at. bridge, or M Kinga&nrv at,, or at Tribune
office. lie weighed tvOO ]ba. t bad around on bind
foot a freah cut. Weed or 10 yean old,
S
_fBAYKUor Stolen—<»a «'ct. v. from Ink# »liorc.
onr Jatfceon «t. one good «ii-d turret tnara 10
re-rtoM. wliiiit stripe in face. long tail, left hind
foot white, oronment tear on left tutlock. A libfnl
reward will be paid upon return to D, G. HAMIL
TON. 1049 Michigan ar.
rpAKEN TO SAVB-Some law book* left on South
X Water at, near Franklin, on night of ftre. Th»
SslroraJJrt-a* owners. REYNOLD* k CIC BERG.
Lawyere, Room 3 Llnd'e Block, Rat dolab and Mar*
ket ate.
rpAKKN Cl*—A cow, which the owner cau tie?** by
X proving property end paring charges. Apply at
6?A Indiana aw.. HCGH GaLI.ACHKR, ___
'pAREN Cl*—On Michigan av,, Mundsy. during
J. the fire, a dark bey Lorre, 6 years old, with two
white bind fret. The owner c*n bare the same hr
applying at 796 Cottage CroreaT. ULIbS, MOORE
A CU
W" ANTED—Owner for trunk msrkud "1*5,"
found near Lincoln Park: also, two oil paint*
ings. AppU to JOB PHILLIPS. Lake View Police,
fCi(\ REWARD—Ths expreeamm who to<*k a
A\J trunk tram St. Mary’s Church, rcnjrr of
,di«oo and Wabash *v, on t lie morning of (hr flr;e
wa9 to be delivered at 707 Wabash av. It was a large
leather trank, with Uren braes nails, and on card ou
the side marked E Jen T1 «ney, Chicago, 111. The ex
pressman delivering it at 13 Kldridge court, will re
ceive tfc* above reward.
QOff REWARD for the recovery of onr delivery
wagon: our name on the wegon: body
paiuie-l cress; running gear rrd. ARMSTRONG A
CO Stale et.
(J^O~ REWARD bole Irather trank, caovas
Oai® 1 covered, marked E. R.T. A.. Chicago; lost
oo day o: .fir*; last seen goiog, up Michigan av.
ARMSTRONG S C 0..334 State it.
REWARD, for delivery at.M South Morgan
v*WU at.'. Chicago, of a bravily carved Chlckering
piano, pedal broken ott and buddies of bedding,
with two eitver Ice pitchers, marked. Ths same
were removed by atr expressman from 249 East In
diana at., on Monday morning of the fire. October 9.
£>l A/l REWARD—WiIt be paid for the content*
CpXVJU of a l«rge gray trnak, marked J 5 oawyer.
bald trunk was le.l at the Ogden Skating F«rk,
North Side, and was found there after the tire rifled
of the clothing—cloaks, dresses, satin, velvet, etc.
Any person returning the same to 37 Wret Canal at.
corner Washington, will receive tbe above reward
and no questions asked.
libh Reward for Information leading to the recovery
of 55 bloearsewing machla-e takm from Lake Park
daring tbv fire. J. N, Wilkins, >67 Milwaukee av.
HOUSES AMU CARRIAGES.
POB 8* LE—Pair of Carriage bones, kind, young.
x and sound; recent iy from farm. Will sell at
prices for work boreea. P. F. CAMERON. 7e Ash
tand av.
K "OK SALE—At s great bargain, a pair of dark
Iron grvrhorvee. well matched. syear*old; owo
arwlehei to leave city. Call on B. R. LAN DON.
Room A, Lina’s Block, corner Randolph and Market
W’AhTKW-A Lorseand-baggy to use ibis win tor
for his board. Apply at Iron Yard, corner
bceHalDM mad Waymansu.
TTTANTKD—Horse and Hrhl express waxen. C.
W MATHEWS. IQi,Twenty-ninth st.
11TANTKD— Kinross w«fon, or large iii* spuue
TT Any one having one to sell
stNa-Weot Madison «U, Shipping Can Mauufactor-
Inc Co.
AGENTS WANTED.
1 GENTS WANTED—** The Great Horror »f the
Nineteentli Owturr. Chicago, the Frond City of
the W e«t In Ruins, Hundreds of people and tuil
lions «f. property, burned. 1(0,000 persons made
homeless and reduced to beggary. Fearful scenes;
heartrending incidents. Milli»us of copies of the
tragic book can be sold. Samplecorip*, postpaid,
30 cents. Address OOOD3PESD, Publisher. Chicago
or St. Louts. ___
SEWING MACHINES.
BLXBS* ZioUaleua. Link-motion, Shuttle Seeing
Machines, U2 West Twelfth st. J. Jl. LEKO't
A CO.
G BUYER A BAKER Sewing Machines, and >ll
kinds of second hand sowing machines at the
'feat t Id*Grover A Bakar Machine Office, CS3 "cat
MACHINERY.
A M£S’ ESGDJBS. PORTABLE 3 TO 4G-UORSE
A power; threshlsg, A sad 10-horse drcolar saw:
ouihs, Forimon’s Grinding mills, com sbellers.
belting, etc. COLONS EATON, Agentr 70 South
Canal-st.
Bland vs 1 stationary and portable
engines and saw mills, etc., at the old stand,
comer of Canal and Washlactoo-ets. P.W. NOR
THROP,
L'UK tiiLt— Price reawQsbl--Uue ten tu>tM en*
C gine, one twenty horse boiler, tank and pump
ready fitted. To be ms at 47 end <0 "ret Lake st..
upstairs. Apply to WM. McGBSGUB. S3 SouUi Us
ual *l.
H'Utt SALE— IB-iosh grist mill, Noya* patent, in
perfect order, sultghle for any light grinding;
only |uo cub. BUBF. GOOPWILLIE. 133 iladi-
BUSINESS CHANCES.
CIGAR STORK, with stoek. Oxtnrn, and lease
for sale. Inquire at 235 Blue Ldand
A -SODA water aanafactorr for Bale cheap;
boxe«. bottle*, horses, and wagons. Inquire at
t«0 Wm( Madison at.
A Restaurant and bakery, and lease for sale st a
bargain—rar- chance. This new Pride block I*
located at U3 West Van Bvrea-st.. two block* from
Canal at. The alora ia well established and is doing
a good paring business. suitable for anybasinesa.
A FIRST-CLASS distillery fbr sale. situated la the
test grain producing'district in llllnol*. The
bonding* and machinery are In perfect order. Could
be started at once, and will be anld at a eery b*w fie.
ure for cash. MASON A CROSBY. 45 East Klnxle
at.. Chicago.
A GROCERY, wlthhonee and 2tf yeataMeaae. for
sale, on »V est Lake at., now doing a caab busi
ness. A bargain to those applying soon. Address
GROCER. Tribune office.
DROOSTt.BE for aale,. stock, fixtures, and lease;
flnt-clau in ererr respect; doing a good that
niet. Inquire at 919 West Madison et., in forenoon
or evening only.
FUlt SALK-Youcan boy the Hardware. Tinware,
Tinner* 1 Tools Store Fixtures, and rent a store,
st397h West inkMt., if called foreooo.
t'OK SALK—A GOul> FAYING OKUCICHY AND
prevision store, with bnildlug. on one of th» best
streets ip the city, with a good ron ofenstom; clie ip
If «01l within three day*. Apply to L. U. I’UIBEB
GER.2IB Third av.
FOB SALE—By C. 0. Thayer A Co.. Auctioneers
and Beal Estate Agent*. U Hubbard
coart, a large and new stock of furniture, and lease
of store, centrally located.
T?ORSALK— Stock and fixtures of a con'ectlonery
r and faner goods store, and store to rent. No.
732 Cottage Grove-av.
LOR SALE—Or rent— Pornltore manufactory.
1 with power, and the newest machines; alao,
lam house and lot: inquire at 5H South Canal-st.
FIK'T class comer saloon for sale. Dolov good
boslnesa; inquire Its Bias IsUnd-ar.
FOR SALE—The "Rob Roy Hoose," No. JOO6 State*
eu: .building, baa 1“ sleeping rooms, sitting
rooms, barroom, kitchen aod birn. Term* caab.
Apply on premiss. PETER NEILL.
FOU SALE—A rare opportunity for tailors—Lease
for IT mouths of honsa No. Ji7 Madison at. Also
a fine stock of clothing cheap for cash.
PART IKS with from *3,000 lo i 0.600 ready means.
wUhlng to Invest in good paylnw busine**. ou
bear of a rood ehanen by addresslug or calling 00 M.
V. B. bHEPEBD, M Sooth Canal st.
RESTADUANT IOR SALK—Lease, stock and Rx
tares; best location In Chicago; erorythisgio
gond cunduion. Cal! at 210 Milwaukee av.
STOCK of stationery, notions, fixtures, with draw
ers, Ac-, at invoice; cheap rent; good location
for drugstore. 2aa Cottage Grove av.
SA LOOS and fixtures for sale In tho NW.t Division.
Reason for selllug, going South. Apply at 261
East Randolph st. near tbe bridge.
SIANCFACTUREUS—For sak-Bnildlng and
1 ftriec lot, with engine, boiler, shafting am!
machineryff required; only enongn cash or colla
teral re-iuired to secure sal', balanca may ten<in
on long time mortgage, inquire at office. North
west cur. Clinton aod. Jackeen-sts.
TOMILLBRB-A NEW GRIST MILL FOR SALE
ur to real, at Raoine, Wls. It is located close
to the hatbor and the W. 0. U. R. Deoot. For par
ticular*. address VAUGHAN WILLIAMS, Ka
ciue, M la.
WHOLESALE GROCERY STOCK AND BCBI
al ftwe of bonus, and store lor.
Desiring to retire from basinet*. w« offcjr as
above. The store I* S3 feet wide. UO feet deep. 4
stories high, 9 feet deep-cellar. This affords a rare
cbanc» to a eoter*n established badness of 21 ysars’'
standing, tonne of the largest and most flourishing
cities in Indians. Address 127 X X. carp of Tribune
office. v.
♦soo A rare chance for a smart man with that
amount of rcadv cash to trebleu In ton days. Call
And see at U56 Wabash av to-day.
tomo well established business by a
rsiMJBSB or education, baaim* experience and tact,
who if a satisfactory opening is presented will Invest
fromK.OuO to >IO,OOO. cssh capital in addition to bis
services.. No proposition save irom the molt respect*
able sources will l«e entertained. Address confldeo*
BAKiiß E*q.. or tapi’am.
McKILLOP A CO S-, Commercial Agency 35 aud 3T
Booth UanaLst.. Chicago.
ft ffc~f*Pl*bdld business bnnte store; rent.
tJP* iUvv >4O; in thriving Western town; popu
lation. S3, o(mi; county seat; State institution: thrre
railroads, will nxchange for |.-t in burnt district.
In locality suitable for Urge hoarding house or re*l
denre. J. KliAN’f‘lß. 144 Went Washington at.
MISCELLANEOUS.
AIOUNG nun of good bqiines* nnallflcattim*,
who has at hi* immediate command *I,OOO, will
have in one year mure, and has had Severn]
years mercantile experience, desire* lo enter late
w l b rellablo man of Chic-go. in a safe,
prufitHbls business. Hardware of grocery trad* pre
ferred. Address; BQBINEbb. P. O. Box. 810. George
town, D. C.
AOLNTLE3IAN with some capital would like to
invest in some basinets in Cbl&igo immediately.
AUdrMs JOHN BDTLBK, ISA East F|f«pontb-81.,
New city
BO.'lnEh> u ANTED—A party having at hi* com
lOvnd S3.WIV., would like to engage in some estab
lished and safe basinets: book and stationery pre.
forced. Can give undoubted city references. Ad
dre*# TI D, Tribune otfleo.
Divouoas LfcCALLV OUTAt.SLD IS ITUOL’
report. NEWELL PRATT. Atto
n«y lo the hteto and united hiatus Court*, 1124 W»
bash-av.
Divorces legally obtained fur dk*
sertion, cruelty, Ar, Fee after decree. Eight
years* experience. AddfM* Post Office 1U37.
IF all (he ladies who ware harm-d »at, who UHder
stand millinery,dressmaking, pattsrns. children’s,
etc., wR] call at 325 Randolph st. Monday p m, they
will learn something to their advantage.
JT. RAWLEIGH A CO., floor and fte9, corner
Oreonaud 31oqropsts.
OWNERS of Inrnished Douses in the frouth Di
vision, and desiring to reut or sell, communi
cate with FRED. L. FARE A CU.. 340 Michigan av.
LAW AND ADMIRALTY-D. Cowan ia located*!
room No. 11, Masonic Temple, cor. Halsted and
Randolph-sta, Prompt uitontion given In all Insur
ance matters, contracts, di-eds. leases, mortgages
and veaasl protests drs wn on short notice.
rpHE iDVrutinV Exhibition and Patent Right A>
■L svemuoo, 13 Warren-n.. N-Y,. solicit, exhibi
and disposo of patents and patented goods. Patei
Right Gay.-ttw. price toe. Accots wanted.
WANTAD-Safferen to know the cheapest place
to set carpenter work, desk or tables, is bt
Sooth Jefferson st. Job turning and scroll sawing.
\V ANTED—Carpenter work by contract, or will
take the •nperintendence of iiniidinga on per
centage. Twenty• sixy*j»rV experisnce; understands
ail dost of bniidings. Best of reference Rlvea. Call
at 95 Soutli Jprf-rwon st. >und«y or Monday.
WaNTJiD— Ladlrft to know that Ain. O. w
Johnson, a'Orst clnav armt, at 914 Michigan av.
will do cutting and fitting lo clocks and dresses;
also will cut pattern* to measure.
WANTED— To )(ease—so feet front of ground In
the burnt district—Wabash a?, preferred—for
a term of years. Owners pleaso address C 11, Tri
bune office.
WANTKD-ForCaah-a 2 karat diamond of tbs
first water. dtate lowest price and address
T. N. JAKVI.N, Clifton Hotel. Ottawa. 111.
vy IN DOW SHADES—I,2do pairs of window
shades areoflarod to the trade at low prlci-s, in
all colors. F. E. BIGOT, opposite Poet Office, 523
State at.
WANTED— Kor immediate delivery, for cash,
ono good snbstanttal building bricks. Bids
will be received at the office of tffl. MUNSEN A
XJNB, N0.34 Sixteenth et. Chicago.
TVfASILD— A copy of Thk CutcartoTamst, Fxi
it day. October IS, I*7l, for which a good price
wiiileptid. Address J. C. WALLIS, fl Sooth Car
penlerat.
WaUHEN, KEt.Nti' A LU., f->rmi*rl>- o i ijp
Dearborn at., can now be found at 361 Wabasb
av., wh«r« they Uavo many applications to purchase
and leas* property la the burnt district. to feat
stores, lionaes and offices. All parties haring prop
erty lor sale, lease or real would do well to call aud
learo a description of It at once- Parties desiring to
bay, lease or rent can And plenty oi good bargain* at
th- office of WAUBEN, KEENEY tO„ 361 W«.
bash ar.
QQ Ft I) A 9** 1 (U buaiuvf*. Ad-irees
<S»0» vJ_U v l)i. Riverside P. O. for tlirw 4<ys ,g
TO RENT-STORES. OFFICES, io.
TP RENT—A splendid easement Dear Masonic
linllding; fixtures lor sale, and no rent for feme,
years, nor (axes; a splendid home for wholesale
cigar store :two grocery stores for sale on Lake »t,do
mg a good boeiness jreut of atom only *3O per mouth.
We hare a large call lor property lo the burnt die*
trict. If you will register with os**ou onr books
we can furnish you with customers at once. |}<>Q«es
rented and rent collected. A. KOVaTS A CO.,
Boom 6 Masonic Building.
TO CSJII-1 will finish, ready for rent iy Navero
ber In. a good doable store, tnxioo feet deep. Noe
3.13 and 335 State st. near Congress. near toe poel
office, telegraph, Ac., suitable. for wholes*!* trade Ol
eomtuiseion. Apply to B. F. TOBIN, £2T Cottage
Grose av. or on the premia-* above.
FOU RENT—Good office rooms over 73 ana 73 Canal
et.. corner Madison; best location io the city.
Apply to O. A. CRA KY.
rpo RENT— Basement aixM. second (li>up roxlOO,
X lake front. Michigan av-, corner Harrison et.
Apply on premises; soluble t>r photographers.
li’OK KENT—For basirn*»s purposes, the elegant
X residence. No. &Q Wabash av.; also, large brick
bam lu the rear. BeoUl moderate. Apply on the
premises.
tiutt KENT —Form hotel or ior offices, a brown
stone front. No. 122 Fourth *v. containing 36
rooms. Apply oo the premises.
EH)H RENT—One-half or whole of large store No.
a 333 West Madison sL.
pOR BENT—For offices, bouse 5s Peek court.
For ItkNT-A larwe store AttITO on Canal et. be*
tween Waablngtou and Madison eta. ti. B. UCB
BARD, Jr.. 70 South Cenal st.
F*Olt RENT—Two uffices, tn be heated by sirnm
and lighted by gal. K. W. BI.ATCHFORD Si CO.
L, DR RENT—Desk room rrasonable, nr will sell unt
r store, at 2*5 West Madison at. Call and see for
yoHrvvlf.
I,'UK RENT— For bu«in**< pnrp. ees th«* mala floor
X of brick building 33A Wabashav. Apply r>» tbv
rrrmieeeof LEVI WING A CO. or of GILES BROS,
<k Twenty-eecoud et. near Waba«h av.
rpo KBhT-Sltuaied in the cllr of dlattoou. 111.,
X tbe best store room, and lu the beat location, or
any In theclly. Suitable lor dry guode. Address
JA3IES H. CLARK.
FOR BENT—For business purposes-Tbe main
floor o' brick building Wahaab av. Apple to
LKVI WING Cu.. 23d Wabash av. or GILES
BROS. A CO.. Twenty-second at. near Wabash av.
KENT—In Thompeoa** Block, sture and base-
X mrat. each 25X70. height of celling 14 (eel, suita
ble for any. £rtl-clasi busloeas: flra-pmof vault to
I- built in same. WM. 11. THOMPSON, 22* West
Madleon-er.
TO BENT— Suites of three offices, light and airy,
suitable for Insurance, business, or lawyer's of
fices, in the beet block io Chicago. WE H, TiIOJIP
-30N. 229 Weet Madtaou ft.
L'UK'JtCNT-Tb* store. fixtures. dwelUoe and
C Laaement. So. 191 North DospUlnesst,' Fosses
slou given about November). linn ire os the a re*
roiww. i--.
TOTSENT For Im.iQets purpose*. house Jio. M 9
Wai-inh nr-, whole or part.
TO RENT—Bctckbvildlng, t.» t>« under roof in
three weeks.oa corner of W*n Lake and Clinton sta
suitable for banka, etc. -J. V. LK MOYNE. 45 West
LvXe st.
rjto BENT-Storea. offices, and houses lo all parts
X of tbe cilr; renta collected.' Ac., by WM, Q
SAM PSON, Real Mtsll and Uocsa Ranting Agency
formerly Bryan Block, 153 LaSalle st. sew located
31.* tVfr-t Washington sr.
ritir KKN^r—fw« double offices urt JlsdUoti st., just
X east of Franklin st. Inquire on tbe premises.
iFvlt KkNT'-fwcuuo ana third dour and nasemTai
r Of banding H;h south Desplalnes st., suitable
rf.T^?r,* al 2. CT I ht ia4oaf ct r l n Apply to A.
KIDDER, offleei t rear 46.
WANTED TQ EXCHANGE,
t’OB EXCHANGE—For brick; river lot; 250 fret
ffot on river near Douglas place; r*rr indue—
meat offered. BNTDERA LEE, Heal Estate Agents.
■J hontb ISalsted st. corner Bandolpb at. Masonic
boil-line.
L’OK tXCIIANUt— iluu«enod lot on £lgtnat.,uear
Twrnty-eecood st. aad Stewart «r„ for snrbur
ban lots. IRA BROWN. Boom 6, southwest corner
Hals ted and Bandolpb st.
pUB EXCHANGE—A large wholesale cracker es*
C tnbUshment doing a large bualoen. Will ex
change tor Chicago property and pay balance in cash
by KERR. DAVISON A WELCH. Welch’s Bond
ing, 63 and 65 South Canal st.
r ro EXCHANGE—Two awry building, large stow
X ruoiu. and 5 residence rooms, end barn, with
stock of groceries and fixtures. Location. 419 South
dark st.
TX) LXCIIANCK—A new Philadelphia top boggy,
A msde l-r Veesy, for its value in new carpets. Ad
■lrvss niIIKUEK. Tribune office.
'I'D fcXOHAN’vC— fio.ouo worth of improved and
X nwituproved lands for lute lu tbe burnt district.
Call at >9j West Harrison at.
ItrANTBD—To £zcumg»-9 lot* Dn«r tbe great
VI Calumet Improvements for bona and buggy.
Difference, cash. HOB’T GOODWILLIS 133 M
TO RENT—COPSES.
Houses TO REST furnUhed and unfurnished
•one owner; want to b*«rd with .!t
Koome tii Wt furnished end unfurniS* U
booees for sals. price, fmni »4.0 m to *l6 ftl l?
ni.lied. Morej. to rent with or without nxturr*
price. rea«nahle. To e s‘o* i wo “ioti*
brick residence In country seat worth i«n r O V
T A“ D i lo,a the Wwt Side, oo encnnbtence
AUo finest residence In Englewood, cost 8:1 un°aa
!2 e vV&7 ne a*f faP property In burnt dutrlct. War.u
ed to boy end lease lots la burnt district For »h*t
yoa w.at in the above Hae e.ll 5# M at^w
RgM’E A CO.. 63South CanelTit. A LVV?
&A R GK RUAROIM* MOL'm
,or S^fi
T a KKNT- T w o or three good homes «t Evanston;
wnn»pf p 3 pn E0 B Oth ‘i.*. lo 12 roorn each. H.
w tut PUK 4 CO n Room 6 Masonic Building sontb.
wrot corner Halsted aad Uandolph-ats. S
F l Pra^ S X IWO l< rr j^ ramo bol, N‘°- I 4»
Jk ffoo< f oruiture; prir« *76 nor
e»o W «T° Dt flrßl f3lar UeJCt 4f« Mlchl-
PK WbM—a tlnd-cUM a-Morjr »tul ba*rmvnt
residence, 12 rooms, all modoru Improvcm uts.
*>n ne H .r Washington. Rent modi-rat*
BALDWIN DA' IS. 3t Hnlvted st.. near Madison.
f|VO RKNT-464 Michigan av.. petw-H-u t hineeri t*“
JL am! Fourteenth ata., fine residence. marble
front. 13 rooms, all modoru improvements, with or
without fnroilure-
Fore RENT—A new 2 story frame hen l of 3 rooms
and closets, water and sea. on West Madiifon at..
No. 697. Apply on Wood at., .first house south of
Madison.
fpO RENT—The well known house and crouuds
X 1 :na Place. 32 rooms; situated oncmiiesomh
oi'clty limits on *Sonlh Park boulevard; also fronts
Vincennes road. Office 976 Prairie av. U. O.
STONE.
LOST— the night of the fire, 3 trunks, marked
Mrs. P. F. Stine, and one trunk narked Mrs. M.
L. Upton. If foond send to 919 Indiana av.
FUR RENT—Furnished or partly famished, the 4>
story marble front bouse 131 Calomet av. Apply
.on vh* premises.
170K, KENT—Ia the beautiful suburban village of
J. Hinsdale, a cottage of 6 rooms, good cellar, cla
t«rn. and well; located S blocks from (be depot; east
front lot. nicrly improved with shrubbery. Will be
rented furnished, on reasonable terms, to a small
family.' Inquire of J. HULANXSKI, Chicago, Bor*
Hngion A Quincy freight otfle*.
FUR KENT—On South Mde, uear Twenty.second
st.. a cottage of five rooms, te»H« Urso attic,
pantries, and closets. Inquite at 333 South Stats
st.. m>«r Sixteenths*.
F’OB RENT— Famished or partly fnrnUhed, the
elegant 4-story marble trout house. 131 Calumet
av. Apply on the premises.
FOR REST-*** cash boy* the entire furniture
and lease of 10 room of house till 3lay 1. Apply at
15i West Adams «t. None bat cash customer* need
arplr.
F’UR RENT—A fine Dew brick house. 3-slor) and
baanmeut; all ninderu impr-'»em<>nts, with furni
ture complete, and barn, on Writ Slonnw-st- AB
ELL A lIUTCQKISN. too Washington st.
rp'i RENT—Brick honso on Wentworth av. near
t Fifty-fifth st.. Urge room«, for 4fio. Fort Wavne
.k
UTON, 6S« State st.
rpu KENT—Nicely fnralshsd hou*e of Srooma; ku
X all modern improvements. Boat iVU fur six
months. JftiO Indiana av, near Twonty.third at.
TO BENT—An elegant 2-stnry and basement
boas marble front, 13 rooms, to splendid condi
tion. with all modern improvements, carriage bou*o
and stable attached, one or two blocks iron
Dolan Park. Hoot reasonable. PUID. V. SCAN
LAN. 41 Hubbard court, between Wabash av and
Mats St.
'PO RENT—Kina cottage. 3»7 Warren av; t3u per
X month. J. E. PULLEN, 354 Blue Island a».
T l U BEST—Bouse to rant and furniture for Jial*
Possession given immedlasely. Apply at 52< Ful
ton st.
r pO KF.l*T—Cottsg* h..««e of 5 rooms in Au«tin.
I Inquire of JOHN lICGIIF.S A SON. 3«S West
Modimni st.
I[H>B KENT—Elegant marble residence on Wash
ington at.; only *9OO per annum; furniture l<>r
snlocheip; Three-story brick residence on Hanover
st., near Union Park. Two-story and basement
rsaldenca on Park av., nesr Union Park: furm'nre
for sale. Two-atory and basement boua* near Ontre
av,; furniture for sals. Store and dwelling on Centie
av. Two cottages on Flnuruoy st. Cottage on Ful
ton st., and turoituro for sals. Handsome tene
ment! and office*, iionsea rented and rents collected:
a!s», houses on leased lots in good I* cation; 10 item,
unimproved, lnr«i*l«orexciansro for bouse and 1 >t
<>n West or Booth Bide, or store and lot. A. KOVATS
A CO., Boom (5, Masonic Building, corner lialsted
nod Randolph sts.
Full KENT— And 1200 or *3OO worth »f furniture
for sale. o|cs six-iooin cottage, nice yard, ever
greons. shrubbery. 6iU Pulton at.
F' OR BENT— Residence on Aberdeen at.; elegant
fiirultnrn for «i'o.
Two dwellings on Adam* st.; fnrnlture for sale.
Cottage of five rooms, Ada at., at *ls per month.
Cottageoti Hul-bsrd st.
Cottage on Washington av.; only *l3.
Dwelling on Peoria at.; furniture will be sold at
half price.
reaidepre -md furniture on Fulton at.
GILBELT A MaUTIS. Auctioneers end Seal
Estate Agents. 53 and (o West Madison st.
TO KENT—I 33 Throop at,, two-story basement
and sub basement brick house, ten rooms, ell
modern Improvement*, i,» perfect condition. Has
fnrtiace and every Npphance for comfort. Kent, **a
per month. Tarpota (nrvrjaod permanent fixture*
for sale Apply on premises.
TU KENT—A beautiful large cottage No. 22D South
Gre«u at., hne locstloc. Furniture new and
complete. Par lied wishing to rent bouse must pur
chase the entire hum-lndd goods. Price. S.’.OUO,
Apply at taooaa from f> to 9 a. m. and 6 to 3 p. m.
TO RENT—A gnnJ dW-Uing nn Price place; atari
room* on JiickHon at., and dwelling, i3t West
Jackson et.. with modern improvement* and ga* fix.
tares. Apply to WM. MEGLADE. 137 West Jack
sou st.
r PO 11 ENT—A firstfClass iinute ou Drool;* at.. Oak-
X laud; furniture for sale. A goad rtjo*-room
house on Thirtv-secood at. J. HARWICH, Beat
Estate Agent. 122 West Wa9hingt*u at.
'PCI BENT—IIf R. HITT. Real E.tnle
X Agent, 23u West Rand dp‘i si.- 3 largo house*,
furnished, and 2 cottage* with beautiful ground* at
Evanston. A large Hat of houses and stores to reut
nu West and south Sides.
'I'O RENT—Furnished or partly furnished. 4-*tucy
X tu*rble trout house. Everything complete for
housekeeping Posaeasion immediately. Apply on
the premises, 121 Calumet av., Hear Twenty.second st.
TO BENT—A nice cottage ot 7 ro«ms. and tarn,
corner Thirtieth at. and Sooth i'urk st. Will
bt* rerr-d ch-ap to a good tenant. PAUL SOBtt*
LK*KI, I.IS W>»t Wft'hiiietoo at.
rpo RENT—Furnished Home. marble front. No. 3yr
X 51 ichttfan av.. with *ll or a portion ot furniture.
Parlors will answer for business purpose*. Apply at
the hogs*.
TO RKNT—An S-room cottage. in first>elas* order.
Rent per mooin. conditional un selling the
furniture, which amounts to between ftPO jnd
*->u. lias always rented at *33 per month. Call at
the h'>u»e. tW-'onth Hoynest-
I'o LKaSE-50 feet on Indiana at., near state: 00
fat on Pine ?t.: 40 feet <-n Un«h at., and .v> feet
riser front corner Division st. JNO. G. NIUHOL
SON, Heal Relate and Uooso Agent. 50 East llarri*
con at.
RENT— A finely furnished huiiso of 12 roo mi
X 2<» Warren av. For particulars Induiro at i«i 1
Michigan av.
HM) KENT—The neat cottage house ISi Cottage
X Grove av, with furniture therein. Terms, *35
per month. Apply on the premises.
BEST—Th- S room cottage IS3 South Ooyne-
X at.; rent P25 per month, conditional on buying
the furniture; ha* always rented f. r 133 per month;
lain excellent order. Call at the bouse.
TjWGt KENT—and ealu at lJiu*-lab* a lew good
L houses well located. Terms easy. W, BOBBINS,
Hinsdale.
Foil KENT—Brick residence with barn. *IT3 West
Jackson at.
T'i> UENT-DY X. S. KI iCU CO., IC3 aud 165
Dearborn st.. burnt district:
Two hou*ea on Kills av., near Tbirty-fifth st.
Hon*'-<m Michigan av., near Cccgrcsi st., sulta*
bis for banking purposes.
Two house* on Flournoy sc., cheap.
House on Michigan av.. new. Twelfth st.
Furnished home in Usds Park, to rent until next
May; cheap tn a goo-1 tenant.
170R REftT— For t*o or five years. All Wabash av.
betwe«L Harmon court and Twalfth at., -three
atory and baaatueat ttona front. Z7stjn; lot jtxi6*i
brick stable on <n foot alley. Can be altered to and
any boiiuass. Also Xoa. -'Cand St\ aatne as above,
can also be ranted. AVKES EOFF. au Wa
basb «t.
'PO RENT-House, 6?fl Prairie av, naar Sixteenth
L at, 2 stories. French roof and basement: 13
rooms; furniture for tale. Apply at house.
FOR REST—lmmediately, a neat cottage with six
rooms and furniture lur sale, &0 Fulton st.
FOE RENT—tI.PuO cash win purchase furniture
(ioclodlug puno)aud a-enre rent free dll Alar l
of a pleasant cottage near Jefferson Park. West hide*
Addrraa JKFFKRhON PARK, Tribune office, giving
name and Post Office a ddres*.
Foil RENT—Brick and frame houses lln and 130
Tbreopat,, 10 rooms each. Furniture for sale In
brick, ‘.all at I3u Throrpat.
Ti’OK RENT—liooeo foroiibed or otherwise j* u 7m
UONK* L S, aT Applr ,0 7i3 "’abaan av. F. A.
F»R REST—llouw, aud furuiiure for sale. Apply
at ll.i! II aba»h as*.
■pOK KhNT—The two«atory and basouiant hou.o
No. 31a West Taylor st. Inquire on tbepreui.
fJH> HE.Vr-DU FORSaLE-LAKUiv AND SHALL
X. bouses, by J. MAX GREEN. ao? Cheatnnt-it..
PhiUdelpnia.
TO RENT—ROOUS.
TO RENT-Cofurnished and furnished rooma to
gentlemen, at moderate rates, near corner of
Aberdeen and West Harrison »u. 3W West HarrU
ion st.
FOB KENT— Furnished rooms suitable for light
housekeeping at 130 Third ar. Aim. a good Luma
la offered to a good little girl to tend baby at 130
Third ar.
******f—Furnished lodging rooms at ill Mate
L'OU BhNT—Ftirotsbed iruit room. with or with
r out hoard, at Smith «t„ near Union Park
t'Oli JlhhT—A l»n» parlor furnished: alsub-tard
era warned at 46 I'nce place.
L UK KE.v r-Ro-ins ior housekeeping jor man and
Jackson at. 1,0 rorolabeJ itoal P* rl °r 390 West
T IT II f heldrn «t, use block-east of
7i<F-aw I JarnUhed parlor for gentleman and
wi'a with first-class ooairl.
r PO UKAT-DOubl* parlors on n»-»t fibor; aU u
,uit IOWB all suitable for business pom-soe.
lli>q*o is atuQv front, containing all tnolern Im*
provemeats. 177 Washington st.. eornernf iis|«tnl.
la KE.\ I‘—Two Due nofuruisned rooms in prl
T ’le family to two gentlemen and wires or family
of airnlta. either with or without board. H->use firsi
ciass and modern. Location good. Apply at 169
west Adams sr.
Ri(4l*-kutoi tied parlor, sleeping room and
cWhJs press, with or without board, at IS6 West
an Bureo st.
FOB BENT—A suite of furnished rooms for boose
keeping, or win rent front rcom to two gentle*
men. Apply to-day, between 10 and 12 o’clock, at 13 7
West Hoc roe st.
fpOBENT—M U'lllatil place, corner of Randolph
X it., rooms furnished and nnfnrnished.
rO BENT—Furnished and unfurnished rooms, for
offices at 670 Mate st.
TO KENT—On# or two gentlemen can have a fur*
niahM front room, on the first floor, at -91 Oak*
Isy at, one door north of Lake at.
F*OK RENT—Two large well famished rooms, lor
lodging. Apply at 116 W.-st Jackson at.
rpo KEN I—A suite of mrm*brd rooms tor boose
X keeping, or will rent liont room to gentlemen.
Apply to-day between 13 and 3 o’clock at ICTWeet
Jlonroe st.
FOB BENT—Oae-ljtif of tnrnisiied house No. 43
South Hay-st., between Washington and fiLadU
•nn. The rooms offered tor rent comprise dining
room, kitch-n. and servan a* ro. m in basement;
trout parlor, two Urge b.-drooms, with bath room
a'acticd Family resting would be etttitely aepar*
tad from mher occupants the honae. Apply on
the premises, or to D. W. WHIT LE. National
Watch Company, loraer Grech and West Was&lug,
top.su.
i, UB BENT—Oso*bslf ol furnished boose No. 43
I South Slay st., between Washington and Sladi*
sunats. The roams for rent ate basement, kitchen
diningroom, servants room; parlor on first flour
and two Urge sleeping rooms above, with bath rootr*
hot and cold water; furnace In baseiuent Family
renting will be entirely separate from other occu
pants of house, All ihe rooms tornLbed. Apply on
the premises, or to D. W. WHITTLE, office Nation
al Watch Company, southwest corner Greeu and
>t ashington.sts.
>IoL i i»O.ST l»U03l3 tor rent, furnished or un*
O furnished, for doctor or law office, 50 E. ilarrt
ton-sy. m
XKSTKtICTION.
i. H-, tacherof piano, vio-
'WASTED-MALE HELP.
rrrANTBD-KO fleet cUm carp-mere *t corner o'
Michigan av and Coasts** st. Apply tor iw
day
WAN TED—Tinner to take charge of a shop m t&,
country. Goml relerenco prrierrcd. Addrgu
W. D. FORBES. S'lgbWte. 111.
WANTED— An effective and first-class lfa7elh 0
salesman by Boston carpet doom. Aaarest
with references P. 0. Bor 2394* Boston, Usi*.
fTTANTED—SaIesmen to sell goods by s.mple
wholesale; liberal salary paid. Address si.
BROWN A CO., Chicago. 111.
V\TANTED—A first-class lithographer. trmosfer-r
and printer ior color and crayon work oa
R. Hoe A Co.'s stem press, by S'. KoRBEL a
BROS., San Francisco, Cal.
U’ ANTED—Two first-class gilders at oa<£; u
steady and first hands constant wort
gnarentod. HYKKi A lIEDIAN, 46 North Charts
st.. Baltimore. Md.
\*rANTED— Experienced men to render lard, taj
r to make samagw; German preferred. Call Imm—
diately ut So. d Davis st., one block west of Westers
»v.. oo West Lake st.
\\T ANTED—A practical retail grocery clerk; s
f yono* a.in of several years’ experience in thi*
city with unquestionable references preferred.
TV ret Lake a;.
WANTE —Laborers forstesdy work at 503 Gr»v-«
st. between Twrnty-aecen J and Twenty-thir
must bo on hand 7 o'clock Monday morning.
W f ANTED a competent job compositor
English and German; steady employment. Ad
orrss Py letter to AUG. WIEBUaCBJS SON. St.
LouU. Mu.
\v ANTLD—^Till* day, i*iu railroad and ioaaw mu;
UU.raxs. th e highest va R e 6 and free fare. AU
Tj-. 0^ 5 7 f* r m nod quarry hands; chmo
ti Sontb. H. T. cmtlsriAN. Boom
Ltud s Block. iUodn.pii at bridge.
Xlf ANTED—Iw> nrst*cUs* cabinet makers: steady
J<vx an, Pi l menifiivcO. CalUt A. U. ANDREWS
L s Tnannfactory. 3! Wet VVashincton st. wtgj
carpenter, at McDI'UGAL X
.u; n l r,l
\i, ANTED—ll.illroad l.U.rera to go South, Tnd
hands for Michigan. Apply to E. A,
ANGr.LL. 31 West Randolph at.
WANiEU— i'«rd plate priuior; none but ahrsi
clase need apply. Address A. P. BRIGGS. 6:
Wuodwant ar. Detroit, Mich.
TI7ANTED—A l«oy who is used to worsing abou*
the house, to make fires, etc. 231 Mlchlgan-av.
U* ANTED—A first-class wood workman to wurk
oo baggies at G. £l. KLINES, corner of Adams
and Clinton sis.
UT ANTED—A stout boy to do general work
around a meat market.
U'ANTEP— NVmenfor U. B.Xu.~U. tt.. Illinois;
300 men fur C. a 11. L, K. it., Michiaau; k.>
men fur M. AN. K. K.. Wisconsin; farm bands ao j
saw mill hands; also, female help to the country.
Free f»rs— uo office fe<— to all places. ANDREW G.
BING a CO.. No. 23 Milwaukee av.
TTTANTEP—Two cabinet makers, accoustomed to
*v hardwood work at fiTREUL A JiCliAWß'o.
136 North t'espiames at.
\ATANTED—SaIesman for a first-class boot and
if shoe hou«o mau Eaiteya city. To a person
baring a large, first-class trade favorable terms will
b*« made. £ngsg*msot to commence now or first of
next season. Address UOWNLL A CO., Arenas
House, corner Tiveuty-secoud st. and Wabash av.
U r AN TED-* A ciurk in a ml rstato office; lii per
woes till spring; some extra would lm paid to
a good band. Address, io own handwriting, with
reference and experience bad, ACTIVE. Tribune
office.
WANTED— Mr. Edwards rwjneets os to say b*
wants a good bu«inrsa man to work on tbs no*
directory. Apply at once at Id o*o*l st.. op stairs.
WANTED— 3 flrst-clasa architectural draughts,
men. immediately. Apply at the office offfll,
THOMAS. Architect. No. T» West Lake st.
WTANTED-To leave Monday. 23d. V> railroid
laborers for the Southern part of this Slate:
wages, 92 per day; free fare; no office fees; company
work. Tickets aol-1 to alt points South at the lowest
f«»e«. Apply at 193 W»*t Randolph «f.
WANTED-PEHAU! HELP.
WANTED— A competent girl as cook; German or
Norwegian prMerrM. Apply at Prairtu-av.
WANTEP-Ao apprentice to learn dress making:
a good girl wishing a nice home for tb» winter
will be satisfied by calling at mei In JUu» av.
TV ANTED—A g»o<t cook. WH«hnr andimner. Ap
ply immediately at >69 West Adams st. Must
coma well recommended.
tar ANTED—A girl to do general housework in a
»mali family on South Side. Apply Monday af.
te.noon atTCsMV.basb av. up-*talrs. JNO. a. SAR
uEN r.
l\ r ANTED—A female cook. Must be well recom*
mea led. Apply immediately at 372 South State
WANTED— Boprano Singer, on* perfectly familiar
with the t piscopal Service. To a good singer
liberal terms otTem! :one competent to teach vocal
mu«ic preterrM. Address \V. b. U. SMITH, Organ
i*r. Trinity fhnreh, 'tola to. nhlo.
SITUATIONS WANTED- «&L$L
SITUATION W ANTED—By a catlings body
maker, a steady job; understands all kinds of
w-rk. Address SMITH. Trihone office.
situations WAurr.n-TCMAT.i:
WANTED— lly a lady, on** of the fl.o su Hirer*:
either as clerk, cashier. housekeeper. or in fsc;
anything wher- shecao bo accommodate] at once,
a* nec-*altj compels It. Address immediately ZUE,
Post office, city.
TITANTED—A situation by a middle agod lady, who
f T ihoPMishly undt-rstanda the tm*inus* either in
hotel erpriraf.* lamilr. Is not niraid to work, and
baa no objection* to golug in the country. Apply for
one week, to E V. <3*J Park-ar., Chicago.
OITCATION WANTED-Bf a flrst-cUaa tinemib
O m the city, or wonld take an Interest In the bust
nes*. wberr hard work is m»re required than capi
tal; th* bv*l of reierencea. Address, for one
week, TIaSMI fU, Tribune office.
QITDATIONB WANTED-THOSB IN NEED'oF
p Cmn wnppliwtl hr calling at Mrs.
IJIOatPsON a new office. ino» -tat* «t.
BO&ROINi
AND DODGING.
1 SOUTH PHOBIA ST.—Min Monaghan, form
X.O otly at S\> East Adams st; is permanently lo
catml at the above nnmber. ao j a ready to receive
all of her old boarders, and as many new onss as may
chouse to call. Good accommodation for day board
ers. Term* rciisuaablu.
Ora ABEHDF.EN-ST.—Gent and wife or twr» rent*
Ovf can find pi oaaut rooms ana hoard. Also one
ortw« il»v boarders.
QQ TW KN rV»f OL'KTU aT.—Three pleasant
Ut-J rooms to runt, furnished and kept la order, to
omr gentlemen, with or without board; reference*
regime*!.
J.l CAEI’LNTEK<JT.. one door from
*X Washington—A private familv cm famish
r..otn and board fur two gentlemen; .11 flrsc.cUes.
*1 Single room and
-lOU board; also good table board at moderate
m SOUTH SANGAMON-ST-. near Adams t.-
Large front parlor, f unfornlsh-d, except car
get./ to rent, Ith board; house, location, ole.,
Bm»pla«a; term* reasonable.
PST LAKE ST.—New marble front build*
LciUJog, iuat opened- corner Union vabla
bo«td flrat-flasa; old prices.
1 fxl J’ABK-AV. near Botey at.—Boom to wot,
-ELM. with board, in a private family.
1 *77 Y* corner of Ualsted—Cea-
A. I I tlemeu desiring good day board can be accom
modated.
WKST WASHINGTON ST.-A snite of front
rooms, nnfqrntshod, fur g-nlleman and wife,
end t»rnisn,-d for a party of gentlemen, with board.
9Sft >0 D TI GR^F.:S-ST.-A good Sized nnfor*
nitued room and closet; one single and one
ro><m on first doer, furnished, with board for
gentlemen only.
OAf) "EaT MADISON ST., third fluor-Two
a-TtvJ nicely furnished suite*of rooms to root. In a
p.eaaaut locality, to gentleman aud lady. with,
tmard.
•JJQ NN EST LAKE-ST.—Plo*i«at furnished
&jL*JrooaM to rent. with or without board. D*r
accormnodat«d.
Uyrdrn
JA Q CALCSIhT A\.—Several fine large rooms,
with flra .class board, for gentlemen with
tbeir wives: also pleasant rooms for young men
clubbing Half block from the street ears. Pleasant
residence.
OQ4 WALSDT-ST.—Two gentlemen can be »c
--v*Jt comniodaled with room and board.
WEST MAOIsON 2»T.-Nlcely furnished
O xv front room, with board; also one elegant un
furmsiied >mnt room, with board; bouse baa all
modern conveniences.
WEST HADISOX-ST.-One large front
OO v room, with alcove, ne ttly mroiahed, with or
without board; alsoudcconvenient back room: ori*
Vitte f»mi|v.
i ETATE ST.—Twu furnUbod rooms, with
U< >yboi»rd near Fiity.fiftb at. For: Wayne and
Rock Island dummies stop. Address J. S. JOHN
STON, as above.
(583 "’■•'SUI.IOTOS 3T.-Flr,.-cl„.
y ut> board and room* at old rate*. to reliable par
ties. brick house, with all modern improvements.
700 WEST SIOSItOE ST.-Two or four room
tsy cvotlerieu can obtain board In private
family. Chambers heated by furnace.
1155 l iVfiSw*y- -KMB, r w, ot
B nd l»o or three room
*t INklmd. Address O. K. uq Wabash av.
H anl and wife, near
bnneoffic* a ock aa sUcUto u Address B. Trl-
W A PA s i I AV ne r Twenty-seeund at. a snitoOf
,T handsome front rooms to rent, with board, to
)a gentleman and lady, also a bands..mrly furnished
back room to two geutlomen. Private family, tte
t-reoces exchanged. A.idtvsa H AT. Tribune office.
BOARD WANTED.
BOARD— Good board and furni-h-J room fur gsat
and wife, sear corner of liaislcd and Stadison
sta. Male location and price. Address D, Tribune
office.
TOEEASE.
rpo LEASE—Kora term of years 150 feet oa State
X at. near Harilsuu, and vlthm one block of where
the Foil Office will oe located, for three rears W
tVALLEU, 370 «abash ar.
r |'o LEASE—A line new hotel, containing four
i A rooms, for a term of years on eery reasonable
terms. A tine opportunity for a lire hotel man br
aTOKEI A IN. 3.t> West Randolph. at
rpu LEASK-a large lot corner i»t Tweuiy-Btih.at
l .ad IU.IOI. Oair.l wht, ,J.
.oiubl. l.r .lor.K pw,..-. or »ooj j.rd, c.
A 1.1.K1.. 7<4 JlMiig.n ar
HOUSEHOLD GOODS
RABK CHANCE— Furniture complete and almost
new for a two story and basement brick b“u?e
tor sale. The house to lease, gas, water and nrarr
coar.nianer, loc.lUr r. rr rl-u.nt. T.rn,
fur part»cnlan apply ip i.au Prairle-av,
'j W BENT AND FOB SALE—The lurnitura «aV
heddlng. and everything complete for
mg; ail entirely new l*as than one year >ru Wmi
only rent to partleabuying tomltttier«c*%on«
on Monroe si., between Lincoln and richer at*
talus nine rooms, hot and raid w.t«p...H
drew j. B. Tauar3o.N. Triu.?‘gm“ b lh A
W A N D rs“ ds ffi u^/; r
WANTED TO RENT,
W£-^^ T £/f at A cctUgecontaining from 3
to j rooms, with water aad lor «h ch amw4
r iLDKKT b *N^ U 'i\- P*‘ on or oddrras GEoKgFf!
A T ,U,ot
1 u .West or »uath Mo#
fl f fiver (West Mde preferred;; large base
•aluV,e far Becking park, Ac. Address
«Utlng location and rent, 475 West Vin Bana ii,
WANTED -By a l.i dy, gentleman, and little girl
two tarnished rooms, xlth Ose of kltcliso J
sg™j* iSixj??S'hSi:
TITANTED-Siores. offices and desk rooma In
WANTED TO KENT—A eottige withaot
than 6 rooms on the South Side,
am occupy Immediately. Addrcw ataile^LS!.,
W A .%f„VA. O^;-‘^vo ?T?i?.‘S* a o rw !f’
kaat-A l t rr 7