4
|j||t ||riimw.
Terms of Subscription,
rATSBUK nr adtaxcb
ysUy Edition, per year, by mail
Triweekly Edition, per jw, by mail,
Sunday Edition. |>«r year, by mail. tM
weekly Edition, r«r ywr. by mail— 1M
Tarts of a yew si th# wn» rsto.
To prevent delay sad rolsUl«*. bo snro sad giro Poet
Office sddiese In MU, Including State sad county.
may be mftdo cither by drtft. express.
Poet Office order, or In registered letter*, at our flat
TIIUUI TO CUT SCTOCimiBES
Dally, dcllvenxl. Bondar
pally, douveted. Bondar n,clnd«l.»crata per re«t
THK TIUIUJJ'E COMPANY,
Address yp. is Csaal-st.. Chicago. HI.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 21, 187 L
NOT WANTED.
Tito Louisville Courier-Journal publishes an
appeal from some Chicago land-owner in
favor of a national loan to relraild this city.
Tho same plan has been-ndvocated by low
economists. Tho plan proposed is, that tho
owners of real estate in the burned district
shall execute mortgages to tho United States
for as many millions of dollars as they want,
and that the United States shall print that
many additional greenbacks, or in some other
way lend its credit to these real estate own
ers. The loan tUna made to bo-paid in instal
ments covering-several years, with
This would he a very neat operation for the
borrowers. One mistake of those men is in
assuming that the Chicago Are was an un
precedented event, and one not likely over
to occur again. It was unprecedented as to
tho amount of tho property destroyed :.but, so
I„i H oOVets indiirf/lnnla
event, happening every day- E h m f nß
Joss must to considered by itself.. The plan
ing-mill and shanty burned down in Chicago
are no more public concern than a planmg
mill or shanty bnmed down in Omaha, Mo
bile or Sew Bedford. The fact that the
property destroyed was in Chicago does not
make the loss any more national than if
burned anywhere els?. The lumbermen of
■Wisconsin and Michigan have precisely the
same claim npon public interest that the
owners of property in Chicago can make; no
more, butno less. The National Government
has been a sufferer by the destruction, of the
public .buildings in this, city,- and
will at once do what is needed to
provide other and-hotter public buildings.
There the functions of the government
begin ahd'end. The owners'ofthis property
in Chicago, especially;of that class who want
a pull at ,thc National Treasury, had their
propcrtyfUßured. The insurance companies
have partially failed, and some of them were
insured in worthless companies when they
might have been insured, in good companies.
The National Government and the public at
large, certainly, arc not responsible for the
failure of onr people' to insure,’ or for losses
sustained by theirinsuringinhad companies.
To establish the. precedent that, whenever an
insurance company fails to pay its policy-,
holders, tho GeneralGovemmerit shall make
good tho loss, or lend tho loser,
money he may need torehnild, would very
soon result in a general system of conflagra
tions. It would he better policy for tho gov
ernment at once to become a general in
surer; that it prohibit all other insurance
companies, and that it take into its own
hands the general underwriting of tho coun
try, including marine risks,.andlife and ac
cident insurance, and, insurance against
horse-thieves and hog cholera.. To select
Chicago as a-oase of special relief,.by loan on
mortgage, would he- invidious. fires occur
everyday, and the loss to each individual
owner is precisely’the same as it is to owners
in Chicago.. Theman in Wheeling or-Albany,
•who loses bis all by lire, is as ranch entitled
to relief from the' United States as any suf
ferer here. The fact that there are more
sufferers here than elsewhere, at this time,
and that the aggregate loss is very groat,
does not change the nature of the proposed
transaction;. The. total loss is only the ag
r-.-gato of the individual losses, and indi
vidual loss is no no. more national in its
character in Chicago than in Oil City. Our
citizens, -therefore, have no foundation for
tn t 1 aovei"
nient to change its entire character by
making such loans,—no more than
tens of thousands of other citizens
in all parts of the country who meet with
like losses every year by fire, flood, earth
quake, or tornado.
Tho fact is, there are a number of gentle
men in this city who are ina condition some
what similar to that of many planters at the
South when, the war closed.. The latter had
an abundance of land, and no money to im
prove it or to work it; hut they refused to
part with a square foot of it, and resolved, in
conventions, that the State Governments
ought to lend them money with which to
work their plantations. Some of onr land
owners arc in the same position. Thera is an
abundance of capital here to pnrebaso foal
•estate in the burnt district, and tolmprovo
it. Tbe sale of a small portion of the laud
will furnish the ready money with which to
improve the rem-inder; and the owner of
Sand wlm hr.s no money ro build With, and
lefnses to sell any part of i i precisely the
loan who wants the government to make his
ran* i':<ee; n0r,.. 1. and lend him money.
tvryj «;i u don*great service by early
1»V« to build the gov*'
ti; Tju-nl f»:* vs, :i«d llisit. service should. not
br (b-l:iyrd or einbarra.'.scd by this preposter
ous upplicalu u for a loan. It isucit essential
ibiit the >:mu* man who owned a bouse be
fore the tin* should rebuild a like house in
the same rpot. The besfthxng that can hap
pen to ns, rnd which will, more than any
thing oho, hasten the rebuilding of the city,
is to admit 4i*-4i»nny new-comers as possible
to ownership of the laud.’aud, with the now
capital thus introduced, to go on and rebuild
the whole without delay.
,THE -CANAL,
It reportf'd in the city that orders bare
hcM ii .the, .State Commissioners to
dof-c tin* canal .011 Saturday of the present
Wfct-k. It is te.behoped that- if such orders
have boon tissued they will be withdrawn,
and that, if possible, tljo canal maybe kept
open as long as the weather .will permit.- We
loam that large, quantities of stone —espe-
cially those for sidewalks—ore quarried and
ready for sbipnicht enough to keep all the
means of transit to, the city fully occupied
for two or three weeks to come. These ma
terials arc -greatly-.needed for rebuilding.
The Board of Public Works have requested
that the cannl be kept open as long as may be;
and we hope the. State Commissioners, recog-’
uizing the b'ccCsslly of it, will cheerfully
comply with their request. Enough open
weather will surely*occur during the winter
to afford all. the opportunities necessary to
put the canal in the best of order for the
spring business^ m
ntE T.ATITRR IN COUET.
The woman suffrage question is now 'be
fore the courts of Illinois in due form. Mrs. i
CatborineV. Waito appeared before Judge
Jameson, of-the Superior Court, yesterday,
witli a petition for an alternative wnt of
mandamui against tbe Board of Eogistration.
of the town.of Hyde Eark, requiring them to
sbow cause why a> peremptory- wnt ■sbonld
not issue compelling them register said
Catharine V; Waite as a voter at future dec
lino's. The board appeared by counsel, Trio
simply argued that the Eegistry law ox-,
eluded from rtbe privilege of suSrago all
women, —a class to whicb|fbb petitioner ad
mitted thatshe belonged. The counsel. for
the relotor'(her husband, ex-Judge Waite)
held that tie -said law was invalid if it
made any distinction;of sex, and that prob
ably tbe construction placed npon it by the
■boardwas erroneous.'TheCouit,bocoming
Satisfied that the_dEfendairta were still in:
Iffice, granted ■aie 'altematiTO writ; fixing
the 27th instant as thodate. for tbe answer
and argument of the qnwtion of a peremp
The Eegistry law simply empowers and di
rects the Boardof Inspectors tomato a Ust
of all legal voters. The State Constitution
says who are; legal voters, viz.; Every
who was a legal voter on the adoption of the
old constitution, ox “who had ..been natural
ized prior to jauuarvßlSU* “orwho shall
bo a imU citizen b£ th e United States above
the ago of 21 years,” etc. Mrs. Waite
•will not probably claim to be of the first of
these three classes; she is not of. the second,
and she doecr not claim to bo of the third.
Hence it must he that her--ground" for de
manding tho yoting i privilege is. the same
-which wo heard from ntWashington,—the
Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments,
it is a pity, so far" as Itha. movement for
woman suffrage is concerned, —a movement
in which many earnest and upright citizens
arc interested,-that those desultory attempt!
to accomplish tho ondhy a coup de mam could
not ho avoided. There are a great many per
sons who would, either as a matter of sym
pathy, or, as they consider it, abstract jus
tice, tcjoico to see Mrs. Waite go up and de
posit her ballot in tho box like a man. She
would, doubtless, have been allowed to do
this tho other day, but fortho single circum
stance that lira. Waite is not a- legal voter.
But for this drawback, for which Mrs. Waite
is really not responsible, tho Inspectors of
Hyde Park, who are gentlemen noted for
their urbanity, would,doubtless, have enroll
ed Mrs. Waite’s name. This is tho
drawback at present in the way,
1 and it is, os wo have said,
unfortunate that Mrs. Waite, or her counsel,
should stake the reputation of their cause
upon such attempts as this, to accomplish by
indirection what they ought to insist on ac
complishing only by a change of the law
through public opinion.
Nothing can bo clearer than that tho fram
ers of our State Constitution, or the Congress
which passed and tho Legislature which rat
ified tho Fourteenth Amendment did not
intend to confer suffrage upon the female
sex by any of the articles under which these
strategists pretend to claim such' privilege.
Certainly tho Convention of-Illinois, though
composed of progressive mop,.distinctively
refused to go so far as oven to order the ques
tion of woman-suffrage to bo submitted to
the people. Why, then, supposing the quibble
could bo elevated to tho-digmty of-a point of
law. seek to force upon tho people a revolu
tion in government which they and their
legal representatives hove refused, thus far,
to countenance? Would such a piece of
strategy, if successful, bring happiness] to
woman or improvement to tho State T
ALEXIS-HAS COKE!
At last the great agony is over. All doubts
have gone and Alexis has como. For weeks
and weeks, New York Uppertendom has keen
in a flutter of excitement. Alexis hats and
neckties and opera capes and fans and canes
have been worn indefatigably, and still no
Alexis. TKe Acaideiny of Mtwlc Ims been”
swept and garnished, and the fiddlers have
stood wilhhowsin hand, and the dancers bn
tiptoe awaited the call, and still no Alexia.
The divine Nilsson, ono of his near neigh
bors, week after week, has practiesd Chi
mi.frena and Strakosch each evening has
donned his white kills, not to ho' taken by
surprise, andstillno Alexis. The few honest
men loft in New York, who were to officially
meet the Duke and* present him-with-tho
freedom of tne city—about the only thing
Tweed Co. had not stolen—marched down
regularly each night and morning to* the
Battery and gave a despairing look at tho
signals, and then returned, and still no
Alexis. Tho' servants of tho Clarendon.
each morning dusted tho D.uke’s sumptuous
apartments, while distance lent enchant-
ment to v the royal perquisites ‘they had in
their minds’ byes, and "still no Alexis. And as
day -followed day, and still ho gleam of royal
sails, hope gave way to despair, and despair.
slowly began to resolve, itself into disgust.
Nothing so surely spoils a good, dinner-as
waiting in the overt for the tardy ghost, and
the Russian bear in his'angriest moods could
hardly have beaten the" growling which
commenced and gradually spread from Cen
tral Park to CastlfeJSarden. Was our bird of
freedom not to have the coveted opportunity
of Bcreaming*atter all! Was there not to be
a chance after'all to lot _off the rockets of;
rhetoric which tho orators had bountifully
.laid in t "Was allJihiß fnssand fury and fur-
below to go. for naughtt In tho mean
time, Catacazy came, but ho brought
no.-consolation. And Mad. Catacazy
came, with; her beautiful .blonde'
curls, but young New York ebook its head.
Andthsn came Bcrndorff with his vessel,
and in his 'wake followed Ivanhoff, and
Stampikoff, and Tnrgenoff; but of what
avail when .Alex-is-off?' And.then cholera
came £ud oven with that sovereign, much
more potent than the Czar himself, those
fastidious Manhattanites were not satisfied.
At last Alexis has come, and. it is to bo
hoped ho did not find the dinner burned in
.the ov"” ->nij the her morning
dress, oud Paterfamilias all nnshayon. vu
the fact of his having arrived not only New
York, but the whole country. Is to bo con
gratulated. We arc *no longer to *be in
formed In darning headlines that Alexis has
not come. We are no longer to road, for tho,
fortieth time, tho glowing descriptions of his
elaborate hair-brush, j\UcT the wonders of
♦hat palatial bedstead. Wp are no, Jongpr.to
bo tortured with tho thousand and one in
genious excuses framed by journalists
for his delay. Alexis is here, and thp only
regret is that ho'did riot got here in time to
sec the Chicago fire. Withont’that sight his
Amcricau journey is incomplete, pnd.his life
hereafter will always bo tinged'with a
i regret.
Biit now that New'*-York has go* him. wo
trust that Now Yorkwill do its duty, by him,
and do 'the duty speedily, for greater things
await him by farthamjaradingnp Broad"
way, or ‘hearing NUs3on, r oc eating Saddle-*
Rocks at Fulton Market. It is.well known
that the primary object of the visit of Alexis
was to see Chicago. Indeed, tho last words
of the vencrehlp-Czar to his son, aa ho shook
hands with‘him, wore“ Whatever olso yon
do, my boy, don’t fail to see Chicago,” and
then, turning to the Chancellor of the Exr
chequer, lie ordered him to give Alexis a few
thousands for investment in boulevardprop
erty. It was in' .honor,, of this visit
that we prepared and successfully carried
through our Chicago"never I
does things by halves, .The Buko naturally
felt an interest in Moscow os' tho chambioh
Imrncd-up city of tho world. Wo could keep’
him from getting homesick, and at the same
time teach him a thingortwo lio noTer.know
before on the'subjcct of ruins, by, a liberal
fire, and we did if.
But tlnsJs.not all wo have to show him.
Wo have Aldermau Holdeu as well"
other ruins. We have’thelluggy Relief sya
tem, which would prove of imriiaosbadvan
tage to Russia, in an ‘emergency; Wo can
sbowhinihowto conduct local-insurance,
and give him an extdoded company or two
to take home as rclicsTC Wehave tlie 'stock!
yards and tunnels still left, atfd‘Bridgeport
still retains Its pristine ’splendor,
the river nibs up .'hill. v Jdayor
Medill is .an excellent Russian. scholar' and
will welcome Alexis in' his native' tongue?
without the aid of Catacozy 'Qr any oihficin«
terpreter. It is to bo hoped, on this account,
that Alexis'will restrain his impatience to.
get here, until Mayor Medill'assumes his
1 office, os Mayor Mason does not understand
Russian, and uvmld only embarrass him.
Therefore,-while Now YorWls wining anaj
dining and dancing him,. lot hiin remember
that wo have burned for him; thatNewYork
is only tho portal through which he must
pass into our-Tcniple j that>Jf we cannot TO
gale him witli mins of men, as New York
can, we can. show him ruins of brick, and
stone almost as extensive; and that, if ho
wishes to invest, the pocket-money his father
gave him in South Bark lots,' ho'jhust oomo
•quickly,’ as they-are rising;in value-very
fast.. He will feel mojo air home.here than
in New .York,' ns wo do not expect him »to
put on any stylo. Having lost good
clothes, we are not prond. While ho stays
with us, he can doff his court'etiquette‘and
have a good, old-fashioned "sit-down*. freed
from all tho restraints of royal nonsense.'
Kdt to be outdone by the men who ore pro
posing to build a canal from the -month |o£
the Wisconsin River to Green Bay, there is a
movement in the State of Georgia to have a
ship canal connecting the Mississippi River
and the Atlantic Ocean; The canal begins
at the-Muscle” Shoals.- on-the Tennessee
is carried over the mountains to.
-the Octnnlgeo_ River. This workfwiUcost,
perhaps,-twenty millions,' a fair dfUct
to the Wisconsin hndFox River Canal. If
the country is to bo hled’for these schemes,
the Georgia Job is Quito as commendable .as
tho Wisconsin oho^
A considerable number of coupon bonds of
the United States were' destroyed in the
recent fire in this city. In some cases the
owners preserved. the numbers and denom
inations; in*othor cases probably these wore
lost also. The destruction of those evidences
'ofmdchtedhess'amounte .to a clear gain to
tho government,- -unless Congress shall pro-*
vide some means for tho reissue ef tho same.
It has Been customary, vro Believe, incases
where tbcproofof loss is snffloient, to nn
thoriro a reiseuo of thohonds, requiring the
claimants to give satisfactory bonds to make
(He Treasury (jocdagaimita posdblo mistake.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1871.
Wo hope this plan may bo adopted now, and
that the losers, who have generally suffered
other disasters in addition to the destruction
of their government securities, may be rcim
buisod to the extent that they can prove
the loss of iho bonds.
Dan. Yoorlioes, of Indiana, through tho
Terro Haute Joitnuil, objects to tho policy of
passivism so strongly urged by tho St.
Louis Kti’uhUcan, and ho thus describes the
man who ought to ho tho next Democratic
candidate for tho Presidency:
We oro in favor of nominating for tho great
office of President a man of large civil experi
ence; one who has been schooled in tho high offi
cial stations of tho country, and who has stored
a mature mind with solid Information In regard
to the correct administration of the government.
He should bo one who, having passed through
every Held of temptation to plunder, has not even
n suspicion clinging to his garments. He must
have implicitly obeyed tho Divine injunction,
“Tliousbolt not steal,” and thus made himself a
striking contrast with many of the leading Rad
ical officials of the nresont day. Our choice is a
man of pure and spotless life, publicand private,
with unquestioned qualifications for tho elevated
piece to which be aspires. In addition to these
things let him be a Democrat from the strongest
convictions of patriotic duty.
Tho Democrats, having looked in vain for
a man to fill this bill, have reached the con
clusion that when Voorhces wrote tho de
scription he was looking in a mirror. When
Daniel was in the lion’s don. ho did not stool
anything.
There has been'■a grand inspection of the
levees of tho Lower Mississippi hy a Con
gressional Committee. There was a grand
excursion by steamboat, dinner and speeches,
etc., etc. Tho result of all was that little
hope could ho entertained of Congressional
aid, and. the following advice of Governor
Wafmoth met a hearty response:
If we ever expect to do anything for the levees
ardtbo other interests of the South, it will be
when Democrats and Republicans will unUo to
gether and say, wo will not vote a dollar for
Northern harbors, Northern railroads. Northern
canals, or any other Northern work of improve
ments until they give us what wo want for our
levees, the bar at tho month of the river, and on
Southern ports and harbors.
We hope that advice will ho adhered to,
and that each member of Congress will de
mand an equal sum for his district each year.
If the Treasury is to bo robbed by these river
swindlers every year. Jot the
plunder ho. equally distributed. Let each
Congressional district have its share, andif
"any district does not happen to have a river
or a harbor let the money bo paid into the
county treasuries.
On the Ist of December tho so-called Syn
dicate are expected to redeem their checks
to the amount of $180,000,000 gold, which they
gave to Secretary Bontwell some throe
months ago in payment for an equal amount
of 5 per cent bonds, which checks the Secre
tary deposited in their banks for safe keep
ing. If any of them should bo short
of the amount of gold which the
checks call for, it will bo perfectly easy to
leave them on deposit until sufficient inter
est has accumulated on tho bonds to cause
them to sell on tho Stock Exchange at par.
THE NORTHWEST,
ILLINOIS.
Tho Supremo Court has affirmed tho decision of
the Circuit Court of St. Clair County, allowing
Mrs. M. Roberson, of Belleville, $3,000, tho amount
of*a life-policy held by her husband In tho Mu
tual Benefit Life Insurance Company, of Now
Jersey.
—Mrs. Mary Jones, of Carlyle, has instituted
sultfigainst H. C. Yeager Co., of the Union
Flour Mills, St. Louis, to recover $5,000 damages
because -of tho death of her husband while at
work in those mills.
—Mrs. Rau, of Frcoburg, was burned to death
on.tho icth Inst., her clothes taking fire from a
'candle.
—Shawneetown Is to hare a levee, and the work
will bo commenced within thirty days. It will
cost between $50,000 and SOO,OOO. Chicago con-
tractors do the work..
—-The residence of the Hon. John McCatchoon,
at Sparta, was burned to the ground a fow nights
ago. Tho lire is supposed to have been tho work
of an incendiary.
—The Bloomington Anzeigcr baa passed into,
tho hands of Prof. Hcnrici, an editor and teacher
of long experience, formerly of Burlington,
lowa, and late of Jacksonville.
—Tho Bunker Hill Gazette gives full particulars
of an assault made by Frank Hall upon his aunt,
Mrs. Carter. The latter was found in the road
near her house in an insensible condition, bear
uig Mini no v> iiiiimo. mm umi iiuotcn her, and,
after depositing her in tho road, rushed through
tho'window into the house of tho Methodist min*
istet and attacked his wife. Ho is now in jail at
CorlinviUe, and Is considered insane.
IOWA.
W. Gi Crawford, Clerk of the. District and Cir-
cuit Courts at Council Bluffs, died on tho nth Inst.
—Hophlnsl tho man who robbed and attempted
the murder of Dr. Walker, of Qulnoy,lowa, Ah-
gust 10,1670, was sotenoed to the Penitentiary for
eighteen! years, by Judge HoDUI, a few days
since.
-li is rumored that tho Hon. G. W. Edwards,
State Printer, is about to establish anew dally
paper atiDesMolnes.
—lowa County raised a specimen of ootton this
year which is said to he of as good quality os ony
in tho South—equalled only by that grown on tho
Sea Islands.
-In the Penitentiary there are at present 12
murderers, 11 second-class man killers, 6 unsuo
"ctssful nttempters, and 7 rough-and-tumble
'“homlcldere.”
—Northern lowa Is jubilnntover a gigantic corn
crop; Capitalists up there nro talking about
building Immense cribs, wherein to consign thou
sands of bushels to hold over.*’
WISCONSIN.
Licutcncnt Governor Thad. C. Ponnd figures
ag one of the reception committee of a grand ban
quet to bq held at Chippewa Palls on the 32d to in
ugurato the Tfemoht House of that city, bald to
be one of the finest hotels in the West.
—The store of F. A. Blood, merchant tailor, at
Rnclnc, was entered oy burglars and robbed of
$5,000 worth of clotbln&r, on the 17thInst,
—The Racine Journal is willing to swear to the
following: The other day a father and son were
-dressing a hog, the father doing the chopping. By
amisstroko, instead of splitting the hog open, ho
split his son’s hand. In explaining bow it hap
pened to the doctor, the father exclaimed: I can
not tcß a lie, doctor, indeed cannot. I did it
with toy little hatchet* The son was deeply
moved, and was heard to remark that bo ‘bad
rather have such a father than a whole slaugh
ter-house full of dead hogs.*
—A former resident of Richland County, Harry
Jeffrey; who sometime since removed to Kansas,
was bunxed f to death ihhlsbarn a few weeks
agor~A spark from a passing railroad locomo
tive fired the barn, and Mr, Jaffrey sought to re
lease his frem the flames. In the effort he
•lost bis life, and the .barn, team, and other ooa
te&ta-wero destroyed. Mrs. Jaffrey has sued the
railroad company, placing, the damages at $4,000.
miohioxs.
Tbe Society of the Army of the Cumberland, in
session at November 16, elected General
W. J. RosecraUz sa President for the ensuing
year. Lieutenant-General F. H. Sheridan was
chosen as the yice President from Illinois. A oom
mittco was appointed' to receive subscriptions to
•the Thomas Monumental .Fund. General Frank
7, gliuman being m*mU>r from HUnnia. Gen
eral T. O. Wood was selected as orator next joar.
with Colonel WUi. McMlchacl as alternate. Bay
ton, 0., was fixed .as the next place of meeting,
and September 18 and 19, .1873, 08 the time.
MIKXKSOTA.
The Stillwater _o«crtc-publishes a statement
showing that U5 buildings have been erected In
that city this year, and that $531,000 bare been ex
pended in buildings and Improvements.
ThePotoai Jounia? lcafns that an important sale
of mining property In Washington County was
made on. the Ist Inst. It Included the Canon
mines, the Mi Idle Creek mines, Cook’s diggings.
Sugar Hill mteM,-and Morphy's diggings, on the
Maramcc JUvcrTthe purchaser being CaptainEher
:B. yTardjiaa trustee, tor himself, and David P.
Mayhcw, of Detroit, Mleh., and Professor Allen
A. Griffith, of Ypsllanti. The consideration was
$50,c00. The purchasers~tako imthedlate posses
sion. The previous owners wore Morphy, Stock
er, Tyler, A 00.
—Joseph Milner has brought suit against Kan
sas City for 116.000, for damages sustained In ton
ing over anemtiankmontleft unguarded.
oino. r r
The grape crop of Erie Islands, this
year, is estimated', at, -10,000 -tons, worth, at the
lowest prices,“l6oo,oCo. .-The area" aulttvatod U
about 6,000 acres.,
_Xh e Hon. John jky.of Woodsfleld, Judge
of the Belmont and Monroe circuit, was found
dead, at an early hour on Wednesday morning.
In one of the streets of Woodsfleld. The Barnes
viUeEnltrpritt says: “Ho had been spending
the latter part of the previous evening at Minster
man’s Hotel, in company with friends, and was
‘last seen alive by them when they bid him good
night. About 7 o’clock Wednesday morning the
remains wore discovered'ln tbe street leading
from the hotel to the Judge’s residence, and with
in fifty yards of his brother’s door. He lay upon
his back, sleeping the calm sleep of death, with
his taco 1 and body, covered .with a mantle of snow,
which had (alien after he died.”
—Prod, Kolling, aged 60 years, of Toledo, slip
ped and'fell from tho roof of his- house to the
ground, on Tuesday last, breaking hla neck.*
—The wife of w.P. Comly, assistant editor of
the Dayton Journal, died on -Wednesday even
ing. Mrs. Comly was the daughter of the late
Dr. Jchn nlccic, ul DayUa,
COURT REPORTS.
Report of the Criminal Court Grand Jury—
Fall Endorsement of the Action of
Mayor Mason and General
Sheridan.
The Bight of Women to Vote—Petition
of Catharine V. Waite Against
the Hyde Park Election
Board.
The Board of Trade File a *6lO to Enforce a
Distribution of the Proceeds of
Damaged Crain*
OBUONAIi COTJBT.
REPOST OF TUB GRAND JUBT.
The grand jury concluded its labors shortly
after 1 o’clock, returning into court eighty true
hills, including four for murder and ono for man
slaughter, making in all eighty-seven indictments
returned this term. Two of. these indictments are
against ono person, an Italian by the name of
Gregory Peri. No bill was found against Theo
dor© N. Treat, who shot. Colonel Qrosvonor.
Thirty other charges investigated were Ignored.
Before being discharged the grand Jury made the
‘following report:
The grand Jury for November term, haring now
finished their labors, andbeingabont to adloarn,would
report to your Honor facta brought to their notice;
and, in response to your able charge to ns at the com
mencement of onr term, bog to say that they hare
been mindful of its counsels, and that their action has
not been 'without some; painful and trying dream
stances.
Wo desire to say that wo folly endorse and com
mend the action of His Honor Mayor Mason in calling
to his aid tho services of Lieutenant General Sheri
dan that wo honor the wise discretion of our Mayor
in thrusting aside the petty vanity of place and posi
tion. and Humnonlng to his side the wisest counsels
in our midst, and aveAUng himself of their powerfnl
aid in the appalling emergencies of the late connagra
onr opinion the thanks of the community are
due to tho Lieutenant General of the Army tor the
timely and efficient aid he afforded us in co-operation
with the regular police force of our city, recognizing
In his efforts no spirit of usurpation of low or author-
Itr. but, on the contrary, an unsehlsh desire to do a
duty that tho emergencies of the hour demanded, the
assumption of which was a great relief to the anxie
ties t i the people. In the discharge of the trying
duties imposed on men under his charge, or
rather of his subordinates, acting volun
tarily under him, a citizen who
unfortunately was found from home at a very unrea
sonable honr. was shot, and died in a few hours there
of t or. We have given this sad case a patient and care,
ful examination. Wo have had before us all those who
hart the slightest knowledge of the affair, and our de
liberations have resulted in setting at liberty tho
young t"«ti who was tho caaso of the unfortunate oc
currence. Not only wore the c*pture4 TUlftios in our
jail turim. Jet***- thiov64 &nfl WhbfeMOf tho
land flocked to tho carnival of flame. Numerous
crimes, including many murders, committed during
tho fire, have been before ua for examination. We
feel convinced that nothing bnt the vigorous measures
and strict surveillance of the police and military pro
vented further outrage, ana instead of branding the
acts of our Mayor and those who assisted lum as
criminal, we feel constrained to say that wo deem
their conduct to have been dictated by tho highest re
gard for law and order.
Wo have farther to report that a serious complaint
was hroncht to our notice by a respectable citizen of
Canada’ against the Managers and Warden ol the
County Hospital, who charges that a kinsman of hie
hart died there recently, and tliat his remains had been
stolen and could nowhere bo fv,und. We summoned
belt rc us the warden and Managers and others, but
could obtain no satisfactory account from any of them
regarding the missing remains. The statute of our
State dees not seem to cover tho case, therefore we can
enlv censure these officers or managers for want of,
vUdlauceintho care of their dead. Wo recommend
that the proper authority forthwith employ anight
watchman to guard these premises, and tare other
proper measures to prevent a like occurrence in fu
tuio and the attention of onr Legislature be called to
the insufficiency of our statute In such cases.
The report was signed by twenty-oue of the
grand jurors. Two members of tho body did not
sign.
the CHAPIN SHOOTING CASH,
Charles E. Chapin, policeman, having neon re
indicted for an assault with a deadly weapon
upon tho driver of a water cart, whom ho shot be
cause ho did not, in such speed as tho policeman
reflulrrd, move from the railway track, tho
grand Jury passed the following resolution.
Atoof red. Tliat tho Board of Police Commissioners be
requested to suspend Charles E. Chapin from duty un
tliaftcrhls trial lor assault with a deadly weapon upon
John Coughlin.
NOTICB.
Prisoners who arc under indictments will bo
arraigned on "Wednesday.
I'ETIT .UJRT EMPAXELLBD.
The petit jury came into this court yesterday,
and were created into an organized. b >dy, so for
as to place those who had no acceptable excuses
upon the regular panel. They woro tuen ad
journed until Wednesday morning next at 10
o'clock, at which time tho trial of prisoners will
commence.
SUPERIOR COURT.
TUE bight op wombs to vote.
An alternative -writ of mandamus was sued out,
allowed and made returnable on Monday next,
in tbe Superior Court, before Chief Justice Jame
son, upon which it is proposed to venture the
question of the right of women to rote in this
CO CntlTarino V, Waite, calling to her aid the
statute which allows, in certain cases, the use of
tbe people's name, lllod her petition against
■James id Stanley, H‘ E. StcbWns, and Joseph B.
Lewis, Board of Registry for till) First Election
District of Hyde rare, for a mandamus to compel
ihpm topiao« her ttoaie upon the registry boons
as a legal voter in said town. Mrs. Waite, In ber
E edition, states that she Is a resident of, and fteo
oldor In, tbe town of Hyde Tart, a citizen or
Illinois, and of tbo United States of America,
having resided in tbo State, uounty, town, and
district, tbo time necessary to quaWy a voter.
She states that upon the last day of October sbo I
presented to tbe Board of RcgUlry, whlch was
then in session, bet application to be registered,
in tbo following words:
CatharineV, Waite, aboyo tta a£6 of
years, married, a freeholder &nu MSiftoni of
Cooniy, Illinois, a citizen of tbo United States, and
of the State of Illinois, baviug resided in tbo State of
Illinois one year previous t« making ibis anpucailon,
also having resided In tills election district thirty days
continuously previous to this time, claims the right,
and makes tula her application, to bo registered as a
legal voter in tbe First Election District of the town of
Hyde Park. Cook County, Illinois, at the same time
expreassng her willingness to take the oath, at the
propertime, which is proscribed by the tenth section
of tuc Election law of the State of Illinois, passed
February 12, 1549, or by any other law now in
Whereupon the board refused to register her
name, and, upon request, reduced their refusal
Into written form as follows:
We, the subscribers. Inspsctors-of election at the
First Election rislrict of said town, acting as aUrod
of Ilegistry, hereby decline afid refuse to enrol xna
names of Catharine V. Waite and Helen M. Waite as
voters at the election to bo held at the Town Hall in
said town, on the 7tb day of November. 1371, os re
quired to do by their written application presontedto
us this day.
MOUTOXOE Sato'S-muED.
An injunction issued upon the complaint of
Adelaide Jackson to restrain. Henry W. Martin
from making sale under power contained in a
mortgage of the premises known as No. --J
Fomth avenue.
ASSUMPSIT.
Actions of assumpsit "were instituted as toi
—John B. Corltes and others against James E.
Tyjer, B. and William G, E. Pope; do
—Horace M. Singer against Philip M. Eater,
TV. J. Whaling, Martin P. Mubory, and E. P.
Whaling; demand, $3,000. _
—F. 11. Winston against Joseph Unman; de
mand, $2,000.
oraourr court.
A BILL FOB A DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS OF
DAMAGED GRAIN.'
A bill-waft tiled on the part of the Board oT
Trade as against unknown parties, under which
to procure a decree for the dlaposiHon of the pn>
ceeds of sales of damaged -grain, tho result of the
late Arc. The hoard represents that it has a cor
porate existence, andavera that
u Are in the city of Chicago I Sit down and 11l
tell you all about it”} which destroyed a constder
abie quantity of grain, amountmg In the a*gix
gat© to over a million bushels, stored as follows.
5 the Galena Elevator. 200,000 bushels: H.
Wheeler Elevator; 209,000 bushels; Mun
-cer- Armour’s Elevator, about 51V
000 bushels; National
bushels, and Central Elevator A about
bushels. This gndn was .owned
ber of parties, unknown, resident here and elße
wbcT©,-a great part of it being Insured. Afterthe
■'Ar© wae greatly extinguished much of
wns found, to be not wholly destroyed, bat, bt-ing
cn Are, its‘removal became necessary, where
fore, urum; request, they cared for It. saved such
as they could, and. upon advertisement, sola n,
causing notices to on sent to the Boards of Trade
of all adjoining grain markets. The sale washy
auction, and there, was realised, as proceeds., $66;-
666.24, which, less tbe amount of $5,216.99, is on
hand to bo distributed.
BKABatraetlng the City,
To ih* Editor of The Chicago Tnbunc:
6m: As an old citizen, who-has, for the-last
twenty years, done his share toward building up
Chicago, permit mo to submit myplah of recon
structing this city. Let the General-Assembly or
dain to tho effect:
First That, in all large cities, there must bo
sot apart an inner or central district, comprising
at least ono-thlrd of the area of the entire city, in
which the erection of buildings of any kind with
outer wallls of Inflammable material is strictly
forbidden.
■Second. That throughout said city no building
with inflammable outer wails ,b© constructed
higher than twenty feet to the peak of tho roof,
or over a larger area of ground than 2,000 square
feet, unless (In such latter case onlv) the same be
divided by one or more twelve-inch brick walls,
reacting in evorv direction at least three feet
beyond the outlines of such building.
TAirrf. That all roofing material employed,
tbroughout such city,- shall bo of incombustible
material.
jVmrt/l. That, through the effect of .this very
act, the limits of such fire-proof district shall ©r-'l
tend outward in every dliectlon In from two to
throo years; each extension comprising a certain
number of—say two—squares.
Fijlh. That the gradual destruction of all
wooden buildings be Insured. All wooden' build
lugs In the central half (to: be defined by the
Common Council} of the fire-proof district should
be abolished within fire years: tho others within
-ten years the abolition to keep pace with the
gradual-extension of the fire limits.
The Common council \o divide tho olty Into
three districts, to-wit:
Tho special fire limits, in which tho employment
of inflammable material in or.about the outer
walls or roof of any building is. strictly forbid
den, to reach from Twenty-second street to Dh
ivsion, bounded west toy Clark; from Twelfth
street to Chicago avenue, bounded west by the
river, from Van Buren to Fulton street, bounded
west by Halsted.
The general fire limits to extend from the olty
limits to North avenue, boundedl west_by_Wolls
streets; from Twenty-second to division street,
bounded west by the river; from .Twelfth afreet
to Chicago avenue, bounded weatby Bcuben
The general limits to extend as ordained by the
Assembly; the special limits to be extended as
may be deemed expedient.
Lumber yards and dangerous factories to bo ex
cluded from the special limits. No shavings or
other highly Inflammable articles to .remain.any
where loose over night under heavy penalties,
It is important that regulations should be a* to
thickness of division walls between stores, ware
houses, and factory bulldin gs (only these) in any
nart of the city. For the three upper stories such
division walls should' .not bo’ less than sixteen
mobes thick 5 it»r the Me*ltw© storms below not
less than twenty Inches: fornpy raorostories bo-
Irttr Tint looa than tWO feet. Thin, I l)OllC\C( isoll
that isneeded. If It bo deemed toleg
lelnto on the tlilrknc«» of outer wull<i (of
warehouses* and factories only), let It bo said that
Ui“y must iboa* credited for division wuU» ex
cepting for tlio two upper stories, which might be
o i~ C feSlonnhont the construction of
buildings would bo a sheer because Im
nractlcable, and against the spirit of our institu
tions. Chicago has never suffered so much from
insecurity of buildings os to demand legislation
01 TtotSwproJect Is, I believe, simple, praotlca-
Mo, and radical, because tending straight to the
d But morolhan this la seeded. Thocity should
build at once four stem-wheel boats, holding a
largo encino. with two to four pumps, and two
miles of large sized hose, to be stationed upon the
river at Wells street, Chicago avenue, Twelfth
street, and Thirtieth street, respectively, and
called into action upon all tires within their reach.
Boats of this kind, with hand engines, have hfeen
in use I believe, for over one hundred years, in
many German cities; floating steam engines take
tbeir place now. The city of Berlin, for instance,
relies mainly upon these boats for the suppres
sion of possible conflagrations. The reader may
readily conceive that tbc four floating engines
proposed would most probably have prevented
the Are from first crossing the river. Let us have
the four boats without much loss of time.
_ r. BAU3CA—C.f.
CHICAGO, yov. 20.
THE POST OPTICS.
The Old Wabash Avenue Methodist
Church Dedicated to Postal
Purposes.
Fun Dcicripflon of the Improvements and
Changes Hade in the Building;.
The use of churches for postal purposes Is not
new in the hlstorr of our government The moat
notable instance of this character Is In New York,
where the old Butch Church, on Nassau street,
has served as a Post Office for nearly twenty-five
years. The epistolary business of the great me
tropolis Is somewhat confined within this dimin
utive shell, but It will manage to
creep on until the new building
in tho City Hall Park .la completed. The
postal business of Chicago Is second, only to that
of New York. Even in the old structure on Dear
born street it was considerably hampered by lim
ited quarters. In Burlington Hall, whither the
Post Ofll co was moved after the fire, to the dis
agreeables of contracted space and inconvenient
appointments was added tho disadvantage of re
moteness from the centres of trade and popula
tion. Another removal, and a change which Will
be decidedly for tho hotter, Is not far In tho fu
ture.
Our readers hare already been informed tbat
the new Post Office Is to be the Methodist church,
at the corner of narrison street and “Wabash
avenue. As this sacred edifice will now have all
the prominence of buildings devoted to such
uses, and as that prominence is likely to con
tinue for the next four years, a few words In
regard to it will possess, perhaps, an ephemeral
interest. Our city Is yet too young to have his
torical buildings. .The ecclesiastical Post Office
in Now York dates back to Colonial times. Our
new Post Office has bad only a brief
existence, of fifteen years. But os Chicago,
like Byron, is old. in deeds, not years,
that period of time la not to bo regarded as utter
ly contemptible. There are few things seomlng
lr more incongruous than the putting of sacred
things to base uses; the invasion ofthe chancel
by secular business; the apparent profanation of
the altar by offerings to Mammon;, the perfum
ing of holy air with cigar smoko instead of the
wonted frankincense. It seems strange that
from the sanctuary whence emanated only mes
sages of grace, there should'lssuo coarse epistles
in regard to pork, grain, and,vegetables, and all
the vulgar wants of common life. The babble of
clerks re-echoes noisily among grained arches,
through which lately trembled the
voice of prayer, or swelled the songs
a- raise. The odor of sanctity 1* gone. The
i of peace that, prevailed the long
silent week davs is rudely broken. The crowds
that stream under the Gothic archway are wide
ly in contrast with the well-ordered lines of well
dressed people who passedthrough the same por
tal in days that will not return. The maiden
who in quiet Sabbaths in the cast entered meekly
to worship, now conics as a love-lorn damsel In
quiring for love-letters. The pious elder who
presided at class meeUngwith lengthened visage
and unctuous manner, comes to the scene of his
former religious muslngs with other looks upon
his face, and other thoughts In his heart. Tho
contrasts between the secular now and tho relig
ious then are strongly defined, and too numerous
for tho limits of annrticlollke tho present. Tho
suggestions of the subject are almost as infinite
as the letters that radiate from this great opisto:
larr cenrte.
The church edifice is |not a showy one, having
been built before the era of ecclesiastical magnifi
cence in Chicago had fairly commenced, it Is
of tho drab Ohio sandstone, ornamented on tho
exterior with a few unpretending turrets. Tho
atyto is Gothic, with such wilful admixtures as
are common in modem architecture. Tho In
terior Is a little more ornate. There Is some
elegant carving, tho paint Is fresh, and the fres
coing off tho walls and panels of this ribbed roof
BtiUof bright, cheerful colors. Tho handsome
stained windows will bo removed, and white glass
put in their places. Tho top of tho large window
infront.wluohißOf chaste and beautiful doshm,
will remain as most suggestive of tho former his
tory of the building. The entrance doors will not
bo altcx ed, except that a storm door will be placed
Just within.
Tu6 main entrance is nearly, on a level with the
Sunday School room. Passing In from tho street,
the visitor will see directly In front of him tho re
tail stamp department placed directly in tho pas
sage leading to tho Sunday School room. At the
right, in one of tho small class-rooim, will bo lo
cated the registry department. The cashiers and
accountants willbe placed in tho class-room at
the left, leaving tolerably commodious quarters.
Back of these. In the lecture or Sunday School
room, will ho tho distributing department, which
will have nearly all its former facilities. There
will be five distributing cases here, of the usual
ecml-clrcular patterns, four for newspapers, anl
the other for letters. About the walls are the
pigeon-holes for tags, arranged neatly and in order.
The room i$ frescoed, but the work is not recent,
and the low windows fire set with stained glass
with duU colors, and of an inexpensive kind.
This department wiU bo quite os light and cheer
ful as tho rooms devoted to this portion of the
postal service usually are.
Tho department In the rear, at the right, for*
mcrly tho largest class room of the church, will
boused for the opening of the malls. It Is not
conveniently located for tho purpose, the pouches
having to be taken from tho wagons on Harrison
street and carried tho entire width of the build
ing before they can be opened. This arrange
ment, nevertheless, will have to answer for the
present. At the rear of the distributing depart
ment, on the left, was tho pastor's study. This
wiU bo .used for tho canccUation of stamps on
newspapers.
The vestibule of the auditorium is reached from
the entrance by two flights of stairs. Tho parti
tion will be removed, throwing tho vestibule and
auditorium together, thus materially Increasing
tho space. Just within this partition, as it now
stands, is a semi-circular counter, where the pri
vate boxes and drawers will bo located. These
drawers will be limited-hi number‘to four'hun
dred, it being tho design of tho Post Office De
partment to discourage this mode of
delivery os much as possible, tho car
rier system being now deemed so perfect.
A little to the left of the centre will bo the whole
sale stomp department. At the extreme loft will
be the room of -tho Assistant Postmaster, that of
the Postmaster being, directly behind it, Tho
general delivery will be conveniently located.
The top of the counter will bo of black walnut,
highly polished. The gallery, whijh extends on
throe sides of the building, will be appropriated
to the uses of the carriers, of whom there are one
hundred arid ton—tbe old number. Tho* front ol
the* gallery will he topped with block walnut,
upon which will be placed their eases, extending
the entire length. Another row of cases wifi
extend around tho gallery, next to the wall, used
tor the same purposes. The general receptacle
for carriers’ matter will be above the main en
trance. The galleries will be reached as
formerly, and also by additional stair-cases
Using from. the place once occupied
by the pulpit. With tho new windows of white
glass, tue principal department will bo light and
airy «md cheerful
To Increase the space, which will at the best no
•omowbatllmltcd, a new bidding of two stories
and a basement is to be erected in -the rear, ex
tending back to.the.alley. The basement will be
used for coal, water closets, etc. Tho first story
wUI be a receiving room, and tho second will be
given up to the Special Agent and his assistants,
and to tne railroad clerks. Upon the completion
of this addition, postal matters will be discharged
from the alley in the rear. From tho first to tho
second story it will raised by moans of an eleva
tor. -where It will bo token and distributed to tho
carriers and to the private boxes.
The building will not bo open to the public for
two weeks. A farther change is not likely to oc
cur before the year 1676, as the new government
buildings cannot possibly be completed until that
vear,
TTRAL ESTATE.
Instruments Filed for Record on Monday,
November 20*
I/)t U of Brice's resubdivision of Loti 1 to 4, &c.,
in Ogden's first subdivision, s of railroad. In e 1-2,
no 1-4, Sec. 24, 39, 13, dated Nor. 15; considera
tion, SBOO.
prslrio »v, between Twenty-second and Twcnty
thl rd sts, wf, 35x187. ft, dated Nor. 18; conaidcra
1-4 Sec. 14, 39.13, dated Nov. IT; consideration,
In Block 18, Blckerdlkb's Addition, being
n f on West Indiana st,n Noblo at, dated Nov. 17;
TO Unton™t! Kramer st, vr f, 25x90 ft,
with buildings,, dated Got. 20; consideration,
st, between Wsbstex av and Sophia st,
w f, 48x70 It, dated Nov. 17; consideration,
in H. H. Walker's Blocks 19 and 13 In
Smith's n e 1-4, n e 1-4, Sec. 18,39,14, dated Sept. 8;
Mmslderationv $3,000.
st, between Madison and Monroe sts,
xrf 4Px9oft, dated Nov. 13; consideration, $20,000.
boutb of errr ximits.
TAts 12 and 13; in Block a. In Bertel's resnbdi
of w part If t 8 J6, 38. 14, dated
Sept. 231 consideration. $420.
vnax isitaSrr
Borne people may have thought that Joror Y.
Fxrwkll «fc Co. were promising more than they
could perform in' advertising that they wopld be
In tbeirown brick store by the 20th Inst. See
their advertisement 'ln another column. Their
•oew store is 45x190. three stories high, and walla
two feet thick,und they are in it before the time
stated-not only so, but they are building another,
Iftriso feet, adjoining this, and both are to bo five
stories In height* and all to be ready on or before
the Ist of February, giving- them double the
ranacity of their old store. Fire seems to im
prove this firm. Chicago has a lew more left in
Its business: circles of this same sort, and we
can say to the trade of tho Northwest, what they
already know, that she will still maintain her po
sition commercially. The fire t rill not cripple this
market. Country merchants may make a note of
**jbhnY. Fnrwell Co. are the oldest and largest
wliuleottlo u*y goouahuufee in Uw W'uet.
say, one-third of a square block In dimension,
embracing store-rooms underneath, from wnica
an annual income in rent fees could bo drawn
upon, to pay the expenses of running the com*
binod establishment, In favor of the contributors,
who would each enjoy a suite of rooms, and all
the general advantages of dinings reading, social
rooms. parlors, Ac.
On tho basis of iso families of fonr persons each,
considered separately, 150 houses would bo nec
essary, with 150 kitchens, requiring as many
servant-girls and separate kitchen-rigs; 150 ar
rangements for fires, and men to work about the
premises; necessary paraphernalia and nervous
care for domestic nse ana comfort, eta. Hero is
an Indefinite but egregious outlay of money and
time for meagre and unsatisfactory returns, with
especial rcfeience to that port of household duty
confided to servant-girls, upon whose competency
and fidelity so much depends.
By adoption of the contrary plan, tho servant
girl difficulty would bo settled for the families
whoso occupancy of a alnglemagmflccntstruoture
in the centre of the population would command
for them a scientific scheme of cookery,, under
one educated and experienced head. A. hundred
and forty-nine houses, together with tho lotatbey
stand on. and everything appertaining, would
bo dispensed with, and much ground could bo.
turned over to landlords by the victims of real
estate speculation.,
By separate action, it is simply impossible) for
any man or family to surround itself with social
advantages and sanitary conveniences at-tho
same time.
I leave you to inferhow the combination plan
wonld bring relief to hands.now tied down to.
drudgery, and brains now employed in anything
but Intellectual or educative pursuits.
Let mo add, in this general suggestion, my con
viction that ic is no less a Christian duty than a
Christian work to famish the people vnth good
and altogether comfortable homes. No person
I ever amounts to much In this world whose body
is not well boused, or whoso mind is distracted
Iby physical discomforts. These are sources of
great Buffering and demoralization.
Chicago, Soy. so. Oqdki WnnaooK.
BARRACK LIFE,
Inspection of the Quarters Furnished
to the Sufferers by the Fire.
The Buildings Fadly Constructed, and
Productive of Sickness and Distress
Among the Inhabitants.
CDsatlifadory Drainage—DcfetUrc Floors
and Hoofs—Ororcrovded Apart-
ments.
The sudden admit of freezing, bitter'weather
finds thousands of people In Chicago I Hr pre-
pared for the rigors of ■winter, and It would
seem that there must be Intense suffering during
the next four months in spite of all that can bo
done. It was with a Tlew to seeing what had
been done, what was being done, and what con
templated, that a Thibunb reporter, on Sunday,
made an extended tour among the barracks
erected by the Shelter Committee of the Belief
Society for temporary homes for the people ren
dered houseless by the great fire. It was a good
day to see the barracks at their best, aa every-
body was at home, and the general aspect of
quiet and cleanliness might be expected to be
much better than on a week day.
and Harrison street wore the first visited. Those
ore like all the rest In general outward appear
ance, but an inspection in detail proves them to
be, in nearly all respects, worse constructed than
any of the others. The long sheds of rough pluo
lumber are divided into family apartments by a
partition of undressed lumber running from tho
floor to the peak of tho roof, and extending from
end to end of the entire structure.' Then the
family rooms are made separate by upright par-
titions of vouch boards ns high a« tho eavoa and
reaching across to the central partition. Tills Is
all. It leaves the loft, from end to-end, unbro-
ken, tho roof of tho shod being the only upper
celling, and
TUK WHO) SWEEPS THROUGH TUB OPKX SPACE,
creating a draft which chills to the hone the
wretched occupants,. and brings In its train a
perfect epidemic of colds, rheumatism, and.pul
monary affections. Tho floors, made of tho
poorest quollty of rough hoards, abound in great
cracks, through which'the wind sucks up from
beneath, neutralizing what little warmth
the open lofts have allowed to ramaln. Dirty,
squalid, half-clad children haddlo about the
small and only stove, which, even on Sunday,
when the temperature was above the freezing
point, utterly failed to supply a comfortable
degree of -warmth. In a few instances the occu
pants hare purchased out of their scanty earn
ings a little lumber with which to put up a ceil
ing overhead, and this, together with a Judicious
application of rags to the cracks in the floor,
renders the rooms perfectly comfortable, as the
heat from the stove is retained. Those Improve-
ments, howeTcr, have been made “without au
thority” from the Shelter Committee, and there
seemed to he a general that they would all'
he tom down as soon as the fact camo to tho
knowledge ol the committee. 'What possible
reason there could bo for such a step» is incon
ceivable. The committee should rather accept
the suggestion, and at pneo maho the alteration
general. To do so, it is said, would require
X MIELOK FEET OP LUMBER.
Very likely it would, but It would, at tho same
time, result in a saving of at least 60 per cent In
fuel, not to mention the absolute certainty that,
unless it is done, there will bo horrible suffering
In the barracks this winter, if not many cases of
actual freezing to death. In a minority of cases
the work would bedouo at odd hours by the male
occupants, if the lumber were furnished them,
and there is no doubt but that thd result would bo
a largo gain to the relief fund In the immense re
duction in the quantity of fuel required to sustain
warmth. There is some talk of laying new"
lloora throughout, which would go Jar toward
keeping out cold, but would bo of no service in
keeping in the heat, which can only ho done by
putting in ceilings.
While the tenements themselves are Imdly con
structed, and poorly calculated to afford more
than the poorest protection from alonc.-cold win
ter, their surroundings and accessories aro still
more unsatisfactory, showing a neglect which
seem to be almost unpardonable. No drainage
whatever has been provided, beyond a shallow
cutter in which arc thrown the slops from the
bouses.and in which the Alt hr- accumulations
stand stagnant. The sight and the odor aro allko
sickening, and It will bo a wonder If the effect is
notsoon apparent in the death rate. The barracks
are ostensibly under the Inspection of the sani
tary policemen in the employ of the Board of
Health, but there are no evidences of the inllu
enso of these officials in keeping the premises in
a healthy condition.
THE WOUBT TEXTCKB OT AIX,
however, are itho water closets. Beside being
situated within three or four feet of the dwell
ings, they are constructed roughly, and without
any of the conveniences which ordinarily ob-
tain. There are no provisions for privacy, and
scarcely any for the separation of the sexes,
while the interior arrangements are such aa to
leave children entirely out of the question, un
less indeed, tho aesign was to- provide facilities
for ’innumerable mysterious disappearances*’
among tho juveniles. The consequence is, in the
quarters of some of tho least neat ana orderly
occupants, o condition of things simply boaatly.
MADISON STREET BARRACKS.
At the barracks at tho corner of Madison and
Elizabeth streets there is also much room for Im
provements equally needful. Tho roofs require
tightening to Keep out the rain, which, during
the storm of Saturday night, came through tho
cracks and- scams, completely deluging the in
habitants. Tho lofts aro divided here, but the
work has been but roughly done, and needs a
thorough going over. The .samois true of tho
floors, which are very defective. In regard to
water closets, tho objections noted above hold
cood hero, both ns to location and plan of-con
struction. So foul and dangerous to health had
many of tho tenements become in consequence,
that tho matter was made the subject of an
elaborate report to tbo Board of Health, last
week, by Dr. Adolphus, tho Sanitary Inspector
for that district. Steps are under advisement for
tho correction of tho evils, and it Is probable that
something will bo done in a few weeks.
WASUXNGTOK PI.XCE BARRACKS.
At the barracks in Washington Place, on tho
North Side, there were many complaints as to
leaky roofs, aid defective floors and partitions,
and with plenty of reason, fbr much work must
bo done at once to render tho houses habitable
this winter. The sanitary arrangements here aro
a decided improvement over those at the two
other localities noted above, and the place pre
sents a heat and respectable appearance. The
reason for this probably may be traced to tho
character of the occupant*, nearly all of whom
aro of that class of North Sldera so thrifty and
prosperous before tho flro.
CM'BOUKRB AVBSUB BARRACKS
The best arranged of all tho barracks are those
at tbe interaectibn of Clybourne avenue and Hal
ted street. Some tightening up will be needed
In the buildings to excluderamand frost, but the
general plan of tho barracks is admirable, Al
though situated on low ground, good drainage is
obtained by ditches of suitable size In front of
tho doors, the earth thus dug up being banked
up against the buildings—a valuable Idea, which
seems not to have occurred to the builders of tho
other barracks. But it is not yottoo late to carry
It Into effect, and it .should be done at once. A
complete system of-sidewalks has been adopted,
whereby both neatness •and. .convenience
are cheaply attained. Instead of being
placed directly against tho dwellings, the
water closets have l»een locate 4‘ several
rods distant.—Large sign-boards Indicate for
whom intended, and the Interior arrangements
arc quite unobjectionable. These barracks now
containiss families, with an average of from flvo
to alx persons each, and eighty more families arc,
waiting until buildings or© •onstructed for their
accommodation.
now THEY LIVE. —i
Elf© In the barracks is not especially,attractive
or enjoyable, even under the most favorable olr* 1
cmustonccß. Filth andjqualor are the rule,-and
any approach to neatness and comfort the except
lion. A family—it maj* bo of nine persons—la
crowded into an apartment scarcely largo enough
to contain the bed and stove. In some cases a
small bedroom is partitioned off and supplied
with two-story bunks, but as a general thing tho
people cat and sleep in the same room, and not
uncommonly in the same bed. There is no
tense at the most ordinary cleanliness of person
or surroundings. Barents and oUUdran are alike
ragged and dirty, and the floors and wood-work
denote tho otter disuse of broom or serabhiAK.
The Joint odors of.stale cookery, and personal
nncleanliness fill’ the room. and tho
vititor'a offended nostrils compel
him to beat a retreat before he bas
half Anlshcd his. mvestgatlons. Drunkenness,
debancherv and theft run riot, and it not unfre
quently happens that a family of quietly-disposed
people And themselves adjolng the apartments of
a party of wretches whose drunken brawls are
brought shockingly close to them, as nothing but
a rough board partition, full of wide* cracks, sepj,
ante* the two households. The-children, calf
clad and wholly unwashed, lead a fearful life of
it. It's party hard on the young ’uns,” said tbo
father of five, aged from one to seven, years,
whoso hollow eyes and pinched cheeks, as they
shivered arcana the stove, were pitiful, to see.
There are occasional examples, of neatness and
taste—a few pictures, a bit of matting or carpet,
a sewing machine, and a sofa saved from the Are,
skillfully arranged in the small room; but these
arc exceptional cases. The general condition, is
one of poverty, degradation,and distress,; In all
oases where any .member of the family is ableto
work, they are hot allowed to draw .rations, fuel
only being furnished. There is no arrangement
by which they may buy of the Relief Society
their provisions at actual cost, but they must go
to the groceries and pay the largo profits of-uio
retailer. Were the self-supportingpopr permitted
to avail themselves of the low prices.
Eald by the society, the- cost .of
vine would be largely reduced,, and the
surplus might be applied toward the purchase of
shoes and flannels for the little ones. The interest
of several gentlemen has been *tot3£ccL m. tms
matter, ana it Is probable that an effort wLU, be
made to induce the Belief Society to permit tho
purchase of provisions at cost by those of the poor
from whom gratuitous relief isnow withheld. The
existing plan of relief admits of many needed Im
movements, and it has been the purpose of this'
article notto find fault, or. to.locate blame.bnt
simply to direct attention to those evils and defi
cienclee which most require a prompt: and .thor
ough remedy.
Oonbisstlra ia BiiWia*.
To theJSditor of The Chicago Tribune:'
6m: Is It possible that the most valuable of:
our population can be swept away, and no sug
gestion or thought of a broader and more compre
hensive plan of buildin&up again enter into, our
calculations t
It is time, and there is no better opportunity
than the present for iudirlduala to combine their
means, and with ample fonds thus accumulated,
cover the ground of the burnt district with busi
ness and residence blocks that shall be. at onoe
substantial, commodious, and ornamental.
One hundred and fifty men, with $3,000 each;
lolniug their means, will make un_a fund, of
1450 000. That amount would be sufficient torthe
ciccticfi cml equipment of a palatial resli&aoe o*V
THE CLIFTON HOUSE SUICIDE.
Flits Concerning Ae Life and Dentb of Mr.
G.C« Marlin—The Sad Result of Wine, Wo
men, and Faro.
Brief mention was made in tills paper some
days ago of the suicide of a yeung man framed Q.
C. Morton, at tfre Clifton House, comer of Wasfr
ington and Hoisted streets. At tfrat time the mere
facts of his death were published, but the Bur
lington llaxckeyc famishes some foots connected
with fris Hfo 'which estafrlisfr frls Identity ■with the
jovial "Mort” who was so popular with Iho gay
boys of tfre Chicago Times less than a year ago.
Morton was a young man of considerable abil
ity, and a hearty, reckless sort of fellow. Through
the influence of General M. F. Force, of Ohio,
under whom he served in the army.ho obtained the
position of General Freight Agent on theßurling
ton Missouri River Railway, a position which
he Ailed very creditably. Having plenty of mon
ey. and being of a generous, careless nature, ho
fell into habits which, to say the least, were ques
tionable. His visits to Chicago wore tho
signal for tho boys’* above alluded to to indulge
In a spree of the most appalling dimensions.- His
stay hero was an uninterrupted revel, and whon
frls funds gave out. and frls system began to yield,
Morton would go back tohusiacsa as "straight
as a siring.” and continue to be the affable, Jolly,
and valuable railroad man. Gradually these dis
sipations began to bo more frequent. From Times
editors fro Sauk togamblers, and wine and women
were given up for the excitements of the gaming
table. His t-inployors remonstrated, bat, finding
It useless, discharged him. Tlieu he obtained a
situation with the St. Louis Eastern Road, but his
proximity to Chicago gave him an opportunity to
Qualify for a discharge, which he -made
speedy uso of. He returned to Bur
lington a few weeks ago, and, disposing
of fris property. went to Vermont
to pay a last visit to frls mother.'“Ho returned
once more to Chicago and applied for employment
with the Blue Line Transportation Company; hut
1 he had degenerated under the combined attacks
of faro, whiskey, and bad companions of tho
i other sex, and tho company rejected him.
Whether be applied to his journalistic friends hr
not known. Guy had left for tho East; Charles
was in Milwaukee, but "Blank still remained..
It appears that bo did not obtain any pecuniary
assistance from the latter gentleman. Meeting
Mr. Putnam, of Burlington, at the Tremout
House, he borrowed |5 of him, wherewith he paid
his hotel hill and bought the morphine which a
few hours later placed him beyond tho reach of
epitaphs.
RAILROADS.
The Philadelphia Press, of tho 17th, says: “On
thc’llth Inst;, the Philadelphia. Trenton Rail
road Company Toted m favor of a lease to tho
Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Through an
inaccurate report, many journals havp it tho
Philadelphia k Wilmington. Although by rail
road men this mistake would bo Instantly seen,
still, at a distance and by tho general comma
munlty, it would easily be accepted, and prove
in many ways annoying. Wo -have tho beat au
thority for saying that there is no ground for
any report of cither tho lease or sale of tho Phil
adelphia, Wilmington Baltimore Railroad at
present to any party.”
—One of the most important and promising of
tho many new railroad enterprises of Illinois is
the Pekin Mississippi line. This lino runs from
Pekin northwest, through Hollis and Tivoli, to
Farmington, whence it runs almost duo west to
Fort Madison, on tho Mississippi River.
—Tho Anal survey has hsen made on tho lowa
Pacific Railroad, and tho route is better la all re
spects than that surveyed before. The work will
probably bo completed on the road In Ida County
this year, and east of Fort Dodge It Is progress-
Ingsorapldly that tho whole lino from Wells to
Fort Dodge will be graded by spring.
—lt is now proposed to construct tbe projected
Topeka, Fort Scott Memphis Railroad on the*
narrow-gauge principle. It will begin 25 miles
southwest of Topeka, on-Soldler Creek, whore It
wW form a Junction with the Kansas Central.
Its other Kansas terminus will bo a tow miles
southeast of Fort Scott.
—Through'‘postal cars—the first {lntroduced
Into Minnesota—will soon bo put on the at, Paul
Chicago Railroad, running by way of Winona
and tho Eastern Connection, and thence to Mil
waukee. Sixteen mall-agents will bo employed
on thesc'carß, tenofwhom wiU be selected from
Wisconsin and six from Minnesota. Captain J.
B. Elwell, of La Crosse—at present acting as
Special Agent at Chicago, rutd a very competent
man—has been chosen to superintend the lino.
—The Ohio State Journal of the 17th says:
The Fremont Sandusky Railway Company
yesterday fllod its papers of incorporation at
tho Secretary of State's office. Tbo road begins
at tbo city of Fremont, and passes through the
counties of Sandusky and Brio, and terminates
attbecityofSandnsky, intho county last men
tioned. Tbo company has a capital of $500,000.
The corporators are R. P. Buckland, E. F. Dick
inson, William E. Haynes, George Engler, C. O.
TUlotson, and C. Edgarton.”
POLITICAL*.
The St, Paul Press of tho 17th says; The con
st! tntionnl amendment, authorizing the State to
incur a further Indebtedness of $250,000 for cer
tain public buildings, has occn defeated by ah
overwhelming majority. The other constitution
al amendment, prohibiting tho Legislature from
repealing the tax on railroad earnings without
tho approval of the people, has been as over
whelmingly adopted.”
—The'Fairfield (Iowa) Ledger* In answer td In
sinuations that tho Hon. James F. Wilson Is only
a candidate for United States Senator to cause a
diversion in favor of Mr. Aillson, states that Mr.
Wilson is a candidate for tho office in good faith,
and will remain so until tho matter is determined
by tho Legislature.
—Mr. Hlester Clymcr Is named as a Demo
cratic candidate for Governor of Pennsylvania,
—An election will probably bo held in Georgia
on tbo first Tuesday of December; to ohooso a
successor to Governor Bullock, the House of
Representatives having passed a bill to that
—Harwich is tho'only town in Massachusetts
which’gave a majority to tho prohibitory candi
date for Governor, and Stoncham Is the only
town gave a majority to the labor reform
candidate.
—Tho vote of Marshpee, Mass., is tho same as
last year-—thirty for the Republican candidate
for Governor, and none for any other.
Qyp.fDOP S- Crftt* Ri>oini,ot MI»aoo»it Imm
•written a letter, which has been printed, in which
he says: ".Realizing the sinister nse'that was be
ing mode of insinuations -and innuendo about the
ordinary courtesies of entertainment, and not
feeling willing that our great State should ho put
to the defence in regard to tho character of its
Executive, hut rather that tt should stand above
suspicion and above even malignity, deter
mined some time since to vindicate this reputa
tion by habits of total and entire abstinence.”
PERSONAL.
Dp. Dsnglas R. Bannan, of the United States
Kary, died at Philadelphia on the 13th Inst.
—Sir Roderick Murchison appointed Professor
Archibald Gclkie, of Edinburg, his literary exe
cutor, and left him a legacy of £I,OOO, for which
favor tho Professor will ‘write his*life. To the in
stitution with which he was connected ha has
left the snuff-box,and the’ magnificent Siberian
aventurine vaac. mountedmi a porphyry pedes
tal, presented' to.him by the .lata Emperor of-
Russia.’ He has also left to the tamo Institution
his valuable gold and platinum plate;
—Horace Greeley was actually in
a swell” coat among the frivolous throng at a
fashionable wedding; last week.
—Charles Svslewakl, son of Count Walewski and
tho celebratcdL Rachel, the actress, has enlisted as
a private soldier In the French army.
—The body of a Mrs. Wilson, at LockjKjrt, K.T.,
who was-burled forty years ago, has. been ex
humed entire and found tamed to stone, weighing
about 600 pounds." It Ims been re interred in Green
wood Ccmetery/New
—The Norwich (Conn.) Advertiser sonsiders E
Pluribua Unum‘a*good name for the.son of a Mor
mon.
-rCardlnal Antonelll has not grown thin on
asceticism. He is now dreadfully persecuted with
gout and other ailments engendered by luxurious
living.
Notwithstanding his alleged poverty, the or-
Emperor N.poleoa toB sent a million tomes to
tho Pope.
—The last, article that reached print from the
unfortunate FredW. Loring was. by a curious
coincidence; entitled Into the Valley bt Death,”
descriptive of hia journey into tlje bloody Indian
grounds. i v ,r
—iL Lc Lcsscps, in spite of tho ill reports con.
coming the Baez Canal, declares that ho will
never permit it to. fall Into English hands.
—ln 1811, tho following advertisement appeared
In the Now Orleans Picayune Five Dollars
Reward—Ron away from the subscriber on tho
Md of November last, tho negro boy Oscar Dunn,
on apprentice to tho plastering trade; Ho is of
griffo color, between Maud 21 years ol ago, and
about s feet ID dr.ll inches high. All persons aro
cautioned not to harbor said boy, under penalty
of the law. 'Wilson i Patterson, comer St. John
and Common 'streets." "Tho negro boy Osoar
Dunn” is now lieutenant Governor of Louisiana.
—Colonel James M. Sanderson, late of Hew
Tort city, and proprietor of tho Langham Hotel,
London, died on Thursday night; of disease of the
heart, at the ago of 60 years. Ho was a native of
Philadelphia, a sonof a well-known hotel-keeper
of the same name, and nephew of Professor John
Sanderson, remembered for his Uvea of tho
Signers of tho Declaration of Independence," and
of that lively book, plagiarized hy Joles Janin,
Tho American In Paris.” Colonel Sanderson
was carefully educated for a professional posi
tion, bnt preferred to pursue the career of
Brillat-Savarin, in devoting himself- to tho
study of co .iking as a matter of tasto and
science. He came to New York many years ago*
and found a position in the New York Hotel
as caterer and maitre dt ctrifme.* The erenta
of the war loosened his relations with Hr. Crans
ton at tho moment that tho company owning tho
Langham Hotel in London were seeking' a super
intendent of that enterprise, aatllhey secured tho
service of Colonel Sanderson, whose management
condneted the enterprise to a-high pitch of proa*
perity. Colonel Sanderson will bo remembered
by-
y military men as having been Intrusted, by Sec
retary Stanton \rith the superintendence of
“cootery” for the Army of the Potomac during
its advance on Richmond. It may be added that
the Colonel -was captured by the Southerners, and
■was long detained aa a prisoner.
Fire T*imiU.
To Vie -Editor of The Chicago Tribune
I agree -with the committee that no more frame
buildings should ho erected in Chicago. The ordi
nance should he in general terms' only, that all
buildings hereafter erected should hare their ex
terior Trails of brick, stone, or other incombusti
ble materials; no ehlngledroof of wood. Composi
tion roofs may be allowed, provided- they are en
closed by firewalls eighteen Inches high on aU
sides; wooden cornices and French roofs not al
lowed when the top of cornice Is over forty feet,
or top of roof over fifty feet above the sldowaHc
grade. When above that height, to ho fire-proof.
This is all that is required, and If rigidly enforced
will ho of greater value than detailed ordinances
which no one will pay any attention to. and will
cause endless litigation, and ajury always against
them.
Leave the thickness of the walls, and all other
matters of construction to tho owners and archi
tects, to the insurance agents* and. If necessary,
to ajury of experts in any case where flagr tuft
I violation of required permanence is done or at-
It la not required for any public good that all
walls oue-story high shall bo twelve-Inch thick,
or that a two-story dwelling shall have sixtoon
ineb walls in first story, and twelve inch, abovo
(and that specify that a frame building may
be enclosed with a four-inch wall of brick with
out regard to height). The laboring and mid
dling classes must have dwellings at low cost.
Let us copy Baltimore and Philadelphia in this
regard; they arc of brick exclusively, but they
build brick bouses that a poor man can afford
to live in, and hnvo tho entire house to himself (I
do not believe in tenement houses, and hope wo
shall not bo driven to bnild six-story houses with,
walla two feet thick, to herd tho people In. hav
ing from ten to twenty families in a house); wo
invo plenty of room for all to have a homo of
their own; we should build in blocks (and not
h isolate the bulldimrs). This is tho practice in both,
those cities; there' arc many buildings iu Balti
more two stories high, ha vine party walls of brick
work only, four inches thick. I lived lu au«h
house in iKtt. In that, city. Tho
joists of such buildings, of course,
toueb each other on the walls, but if constructed,
with slate roofs, such buildings would resist tho
spreading of fires except from tho Immediately
adjoining buildings, and for tho samo accommo
dation they can be built at leas cost than our
isolated one-story frame cottages, and would bo
greatly superior, on account of warmth, and du
rability.
For this reason I object to any specification la
he ordinance in regard to thickness of walls. In
our commercial centre It Is also objectionable that
au oilieo building, should have the same
strength that would bo proper for the
storage of Iron, or that on a lot
twenty feet wide we should be obliged to build
two walls two feet thick, leaving 16 feot for tho
store; and tho adjoining building with similar
walls would make four feet of masourybotwem tho
store. No general rule can be given, properly;
for thickness of walls by their helght,as the length
has much to do with theirstahllity. Forinstanco,
avail iso feet long, without transverse wuUs con
nected. with If, would fall much sooner in case of
fire than a wall of.less thickness of shorter length,
or connected by transverse walls. Again, walls
enclosing largo areas and of great height without
jatteral support, except at tho base and ton, can
not have their thickness regulated by their
height simply; but are proportioned by
rules known to architects, and with
which promiscuous committees are not supposed
to he familiar. And further, the/ront and ran*
walls, resting on slight piers or Iron columns in
basement or first story, do not roqniro to bo as
thick as other walls; tho floors of tho building do
not rest upon them, and any superfluous weight
In such walls would militate against tho desired
object It is simply a slander-to say that the
business portion of our city was not properly
built. The business blocks put up In the last
fifteen years were not only beautiful, hnt suffi
ciently substantial; no building has fallen from
any defect in its construction. Somo
have been blown down while in process
of erection, hut none have failed on account of
the thickness of their walls. Manyof our destroy
ed buildings had walls of extraordinary thickness,
vet they to-day lions low as their neighbors. I
therefore respectfully Insist that a general ordv
nance bo given us against frame buildings, and
leave the details of construction to those whose
business it Is to see that tho walls have proper
foundations and thickness to insure safety and
stability to their buildings.
No one has more reason to regret tho calamity
that has befallen our city than I, and none will go
further to avoid the danger of a repetition; but I
do not p'fopos6 to“get 'crazy about It; -to
pull down all the bay-windows, piazow,
and wooden cornices, and prohibit any other be
ing put up. Such a course w sold be a stigmauw
on our very extraordinary Firo Department, with
its score oi steam fire engines. Bay-windows ana
piazzas are seldom over two stories high, and
with bnt little extra, exertion I believe tho do
partment can take care of them. I submit, there
fore, that we he allowed.to bnild bay-windows
raid ■wooden rorni.es, plszzaa. &c,, at not over
certain heights, so as to bo within easy control,
and that above certain moderate heights we
make tho building* as near fire, proof and Inde
pendent of said department as possible, very
respectfully, Jouif M. Van Os*jkl.
Another Note from Mr. Timothy Wright.
CHICAOO t Nor. 20.
To ihe Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Bra t. One' /word more In reply to what you aay
on the subject of my letter. If the railroad com
panies “will pay .the SBOO,OOO for the three squares
only, and the city can reserve all the riparian,
rights outside of them to the new outer harbor,
■with convenient access through Randolph, Wash
ington, Madison and-Monroo streets, then it may
be as well or better to do as you suggest; but
from the very nature of the case this is impossi
ble; The possession •of the three squares, or of
the outer or east half of them, by thorailJjoard*
companies, for 'depot purposes, virtually carries
the riparian and other rights; these companies
so .understand it, and are negotiating with tjafc
end clearly In view, I ha ve no doubt.
-Tf it was a question of depot or no depot any
where in Chicago, and there was a rival city near;
bytrvlngto bribe those companies, by magnifi
cent gifts of to leave Chicago and coma
to them, your argument in favor of the gift might
be a good one—but that la not this case. It is pi
quite as. much interest to those companies to
secure the best central! ocation in Chicago as it Is
for the city to have them r if they can suit them
selves better anywhere in Chicago than to locate
on the lake shore on the terms proposed, why not
let them? The city at largo. will bo eqimlly tbo
gainer. Some private interests may saner, and
other private interests bo benefited In'the same
degree. As,a property-holder in the old centre of
the South Division, and near to the proposed now
depot, lam willing to abide the consequenoes
rather than that the. city should lose the million
and a half of dollars secured by my proposal;; be
lieving, as I do, that In the end the railroad com
panies will be equally well accommodated, and
without much increase of cost.
Timotut Wbight.
Kjow Befann«.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune;
Sm: In imitation, I think, of the course pur
sued by the Law Reform Commissioners in Eng
land, would it not ho well for the committee op-
pointed by tho Legislature, on the motion of Hon.
W.'H, King, to draft and publish a sot of ques
tions, covering tho investigation they propose to
make, number them, and publish them for reply*
by anyone who saw fit so to do, or address them
to particular Individuals. It seems to .me that
this would facilitate tho investigation,-save tho
time of the committee and those who desire to
give it their views, and enable many more to bo
icard than can in any other-way, as these, replies
would be made tip at the leisure and convenience
of those making them, and therefore bo more
brief and better considered than an oral address
to the committee would bo. ••'W.T.B,.
VTbrn Will Is t
Xo'ris Editor of The Chicago Trpnxnt:
Sib: Immediately after the ‘fir© the Great,
Western insurance Company, of Chicago, rushed
Into print, announcing _ its ability to, pay all ifcv
losses, and boastlngly asked for’now business on
tbe ground of Its solvency, and its good'faith. to'
its customers. Wlllyou. if Toucan; tell' anxious’
losers when that company wiUbegto to pay its»
policy-holders 1 ,A payment would; be a great re-;,
fief to Mast Scrpnßßaa,
CHICAGO, JTOV.2O,IBTI,
Tsa-BenaPi Bswafsll*
From tho New York Evening post.
The latest accounts from Vienna explain tils
downfall of Count von Beast. It seems thattba
Emperor refused to'" dismiss the Hubehwaxt
Cabinet, at the urgent reqnoat of the Chancellor.
but he consented to dismiss it after a Jong inter
view with the Hungarian Prime Minister. Ho
doubt Count Andrassy pexwuadcdthe Emperor to
try the experiment of confiding ‘the government
for the first time to Hungarian
Joseph could thus at once lessen the wrath of tho
Greens by sacrificing the man whom they hated.'
most of all, and keep the German Liberals from
power. Von. Boost evidently overrated
his own strength. He exulted openly after*
the Emperor had acceded, as he believed, to hia
wishes, while in reality the Hungarian Prime
Minister had already.been, mode chancellor of
the Empire. Count Andrassy had been for months
urging the Emperor to appoint a Hungarian la
place of Beast, and so to stop the quarrels of Um
Czechs and Germans,, and had recommended
Francis Beat for Chancellor, knowing that Dealt
would not accept, and that then he must nuaseic»
be appointed, it remains to be seen whether tna
deceived and humiliated cx-Chancellor wIU ac
cept a position under his former subordinate an
Austrian Minister to London.