4
jpfi ||riJww*.
Itrnu of SabictlpUoai
FA7ASU 25 ASTAKCX:
Daily TdUWft, par rear, by mail. .„.n5.03
Tri-Weekly Edition, per year, by s«n r 6.01
gandirEdition, pep yaay, hymn r 2JO
y«»aiy Edition, pep jeep, I.y 2.6)
Farts of a year at tbs sams rate.
To sreront delay and mistakes, bo «aro and giro Post
Office address la fall, lafclodlng State and »aaty.
Postmasters are allowed .19 per cent commission on
yearly subscriptions.
Bsmlttancci may be made either by draft, express,
Pftt 018(6 order, or la registered letters, at our risk.
nans to aw suxscuixsxs:
Dahy, delivered, Sunday excepted. 26‘ecats r*r week.
Pally, delivered, Sunday luclnd*d,3oc«nta per week.
AttltSS TilS TRIBUNE COMPANY,
No. 19 CaeaUt., Chicago. 111.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 16T1.
Xi£E EFFECT ABROAD.
Semal citizens of Chicago, who were in New
York when the present fire-proof ticket for city,
and county officers was nominated, report that
the action taken by the committees ot. the two
political parties stiffened up the credit of the
city in a wonderful manner. Ip bank parlors
and insurance offices, on the Stock and Produce
Exchange, among dry goods merchant?, money
lenders, and relief societies, place
where capitalists do congregate, the universal
expression was that Chicago would now be a
Bate place to invest money, and that the work of
rebuilding would progress more rapidly than
the most sanguine had dared to hope. That
such a ticket should fail of election was not
deemed possible. That it should be defeated by
a sorehead movement, consisting of thcraz-tag
and bob-tail of both parties, was not dreamed of.
The fire-proof Jicket must be elected. To de
feat it now, and especially with the raw material
composing the sorehead movement,' would be to
advertise that Chicago Js not ’worthy of the
charity or tho confidence that has been be
stowed upon her, and to stop both the supplies
contributed for the relief of the destitute, and
the influx of capital to rebuild.the city. Let
laboring men bear this in mind. If they want
plenty of work, at high wages, let them vote
fur the ticket that can insure it to them.
now WE DROUGHT IT OTf.
It seems aa if every city must of necessity be
burned down once, and thoroughly wiped out,
before it will learn bow to build itself up ft! U
should be. his not sufficient that some other
city falls a victim’; we never profit by the ex
perience of others. We require to be chastised
eevercly ourselves Iwfure we will- take the
lesson. Montreal, which has the credit of being
the test built city in America, had to burn
three days and nights in succession, and endure
a destruction even more thorough than that of
Chicago, before they became sufficiently im
pressed with the importance of building so as to
defy all future conflagrations. The Ketv York
of 1835 was eviscerated by the flames, in order
that the greater New York of ten, twenty, or
thirty years later might not meet a worse fate.
Ko city of its size nnd wealth was ’ever built
in such a helter-skelter manner ns Chicago.
The West Side. widely by the favorof the wind,
still survives the general wreck, affords a.thou
sand striking exant pies of the folly which brought
!he great conflagration upon t-s. We have been
putting up fire trap? on every fifty feet of
ground in thirty squ ire miles of -populated ares.
Wc have l.v :i allowing' Tom, Du-k, and li-irry,
who wished to coin a few thousand dollars in a
few month'" imc. to squat for the purpose in
the hr-art of the city, nnd put up anywhere aud
everywhere whatever combinations o( blazing
furnaces and tinder-boxes they ebon, nor did
wc afford any protection to those citizens who
were dhspoM d to erect structures and establish
business, *.v;th a .view to permanence and the
general -;-.tVty. Wc have been stretching
among all these Inflammable struct
ure? a m of elevated wooden sidewalk)
which sirv.d h? fuses to convey flames from
li.-use to house. We hive been strewing lum
r piles nnd shaving shirks through tho town
•o make fire? out of, and distributing shingle
roofs among the more valuable brick and stone
diltcc?, to receive the burning brands as they
romc front the place where wc had arranged to
have I Item kindled. Evert in the qu triers where
which were umpire anti, (at leart to appearance)
bolid, our architects have been vicing with each
other to see which could make his pile of lime
,'trne the most top-heavy, and surmount it
with the most kindlin'? materials in the way of
Mansard roofs and wooden cornices. We have
built fire-proof fron’s with tench-wood rears.
We have ere weed all by placing n wooden roof
on our City Tumping Works, so that whoever
would burn up the city spredily and surely had
only to wail for a fresh wind and throw some
brands agnicst the eaves of the Water Works
engine bouse, to disable the Fire Department at
,-jnce.
Indeed, intent were we upon spreading ou T
city out, and gathering the money in, that
scarcely a dozen men in the city knew how
vulnerable we were in this vit il point; while,
nearly all of out citizen? had become so accus-
tomed to the old condition of affairs, and so in
tuit upon making money; nitil wearing garland*
of gauze and lath, that there was no general
and ecu retted remonstrance against.the belter
skelter «lvl«‘ of building, not fit to be called
itrei itcctun*. which we have partially described.
U Tp, perhaps, 100 much to say that nobody
noticed it. Many careful men had reallied the
linger of the situation and predicted a general
:t'{.3agfa:;on ns Inevitable, if things wcrc*a"l
o.ved to go on so much at random. It was
j*:!v a few days before the great fire that the
Tr< sident of. ouc of the heaviest of the Kogllth
t.,«urancc companies (the Imperial, ofl.ondon)
was 5a Chicago with n view to establishing an
agency litre; but was so impressed with the
prerariou.-m ss ofunrsituasion that be declined
to yield to Hie temptation of high pre
miums aid establish un. agency
here. I cannot do it, said
he; “you have some fine buildings, but you
bat i* them surrounded by very bad ones. The
first lime circumstances combine against you,
your whole city will barn up.” This experi
enced underwriter had hardly lime to get out
of the country before bis prediction was terri
bly verified.
In the new Chicago, let us hope the Presldem
ot the Imperial will find more encour
agement for careful underwriters; but the plan
the new Chicago must include a thorough
monsdruc lioa o! certain remaining parts of the
old. Chicago, having been much more intently
occupied with its work than most cities are, re
quired a louder call to secure her attention and
fix it n|«on the lesson to be conveyed. The call
has been Founded, and we hare alt heard iu
Wc shall be great sufferers in some future lime,
if wc slow IciS energy in executing the pre
cepts which hare, been so painfully enforced
upon us than wchavc hitherto done in advanc
ing the business prosperity and public interests
ofluccity.
MONTH* AX.
Tbc contributions of the city of Montreal for
ibe relief of Chicago sufferers reach $10!
6.14.60, gold, exclusive of clothing, hardware,
and other contributions In kind. Of .this sum
iko Montreal Board -of Trade and Corn Ex
change furnish (12,369, the Bank of Montreal
$9,000) the Grand Trunk Railway, $2,000, the
Bank of British North America, $2,000, the
MerchaaUl-Banlc, 43,000, JLJt A. Allan, (V,OOO,
J. ft E. McLennan, (UOOa Wm. Dow ft Co.
SI,OOO, J. Claxton ft,
o f*gt, Sulpice, S6OO. Tho number of S3OO
subscriptions is very largo. The population of
Montreal is about 150,000.--No American- city
has show* us more practical- sympathy in pro
portion to population and resources.. t
We may remark again that Montreal Is the
pnly city on the continent that can beconsidered
absolutely safe against tho scourge of a great
£nv Boae twenty-fire years ago the city was
burned down, Tho fire raged unobstructed for
three days and nights, and when it went out.
Sor lack of asy more material to consume, the
plight in which Its Buffering Inhabitants found
'themselves, was as much worse than ours as the
agencies for communicating Intelligence and
procuring relief were lees then than now. Slowly
and painfully digging herself out of tho ashes,
she eel about providing herself with a water sup
ply which should make her fire-proot This she
Accomplished by constructing an immense res
ervoir on tbc sldo of her great mountain and
filling It with tho water of the St. Lawrence
River by means of pumps worked at small ex
pcjJW by water power. No steam fire engine
ever constructed am throw water to tho height
and with the strength and rotate? tho natu
ral force of the Montreal Water Works. Every
man can hare tho equivalent of a steam fire
engine In bis own'door yard or on h!s own
house top, if ho chooses. It is now, to all in
tents and purposes, a fire-proof city, and tho
only one in North America.
The Memphis Avalanche publishes an earnest
appeal to tho population of Chicago to move to
that city. This is written under the assumption
that business has 1 been destroyed, and that our
people arc starving for. the want of bread, or
for tho employment by which they can earn
bread. If the writer could bat look at Chicago
of to-day, he would not think of asking anybody
to emigrate. The receipts and shipments of
the last week hare a dally average greater than
in tho corresponding week of the past three
years. Oar general trade in merchandise is
irregular, but not materially reduced. We are
filling orders direct, or Irom the New York or
Boston branches of our business houses. Wo
are Buffering a* little inconvenience for want of
salesrooms; but arc selling goods justjlho same.
Many dealers from Michigan, Indiana, Missouri,
lowa, Wisconsin, and the farther West are here,
purchasing just the same as if no fire had taken
place.
But, while all these things are going on with
out any serious derangement, wo have a new
and immense industry at work. On the ruins
where, on Monday, October 9, were only visible
the smoking fragments of $150,000,000 worth of
buildings, there are thousands of mechanics,
and laborers, and horses working like bees,
creating properly, producing by their united
contributions new buildings, new warehouses,
new creations of wealth,capital, energy and pros
perity. Instead of emigrating from Chicago, every
train, fromKjast and west, is bringing in skilled
labor, where the capital is ready to give con
slant and regular employment for years to c ome
The lew thousands who hurried away in the
first hours of the calamity bare returned, and
the population of Chicago at the close of 1671,
will be many thousands in excess of what it was
on the night of the fire. Grateful to Memphis
for the liberal offer of a home, our people, har
ing more work to do than they have bands to
do it with, invitcT the mechanics of that city,
and ot all other places, to come to our aid, and
hire out at high wages with constant employ
ment, and help to rebuild the burnt districts in
all their former splendor.
The people of this county hare bj-tho merci
ful dispensation of the now constitution been re*
lieved of the board of sixty-four Supervisors.
The abolition of the board wai the only means
of getting rid of that corrupt and thieving body^
The Conference Committee bare nominated
fifteen respectable, honest, responsible citizens
for the Board of Commissioners.
All the excluded thieves of tho old board ob-
Ject'to the change, and took part in the scalla
wag conventions. Some of the corruptionists
in the old board have the face to ask to be re
elected ns members of tho Board of Commission
ers. Examine the ticket) and ask what .do
these old Supervisors want to be Commissioners
for? The office is one oflabor ond no honest
profi*. Why do they seek it so pertinaciously
Citizens who have read the proceedings of the
sore-head conventions of the last two J-iys must
have been struck with tho identity of names of
the so-called delegates with those of the Alder
men who last summer voted fur all the swindles
In the Council proceedings.
All the Aldermen who voted to tax the people
SIOO,OOO to buy Sam Walker’s addition to Union
Perl: were in the sore head convention*.
All the Aldermen who voted for the four or
five other swindles in that same appropriation
bill, were cither in these conventions or are
nominated for re-election.
Will any mar. having any interest in Chicago
omit the five minutes’ labor on electiou day of
voting against these men
Tl:c corruptionists dio hard. The nineteen
Aldermen who have become historical don’t
want to be excluded from the city government.
Those whose terms do not expire are laboring
to re-elect those whose terms end this fall. The
defeat of Montgomery, Tracey, Ruterman, Mc
•Jralh, the Powells, Walsh, C irnoy, Schintz,
left In the rouncil powerless. It will put an
end to robbing, cut oIT all jobs, break up the
ring, and end the sale of Aldermmlc pools. Is
lt»not worth the lime and labor of every decent
man to go, on election day, to.bis former voting
plnce.'and vote ior new Aldermen, and anew
city government?
Alderman C. C. T, Holden, the chief advocate
and champion ol the purchase of Sam Walker’s
water lot, is at the head of the Aldermauic
nineteen, endeavoring to defeat tlfc election of
a new and honest city government. His back
ers nre telling the poor and needy that the rail
roads of tins city will spend $1,000,000 to elect
him Mayor. This is not true. Not a railroad
in this city will spend one dollar to purchase
the election of a dishonest city government.
Hut, if true, it is a strong reason why the public
should decline the further ofllcial service of any
man whose election is worth' $1,000,000 to any
particular interest. What is Holden to do ia
return for the money?
The people of this city must not permit their
private afiairs to prevent their going on election
day to the polls in their voting precincts where
they resided before the fire, and voting. It re
quires votes to elect, even if there bo no opposi
tion. Dut Ibfro is an opposition, and a vigor
ous opposition, struggling to get control of the
public revenue and the relief fund—struggling
to rob the people of all that is left.
This opposition is the revolt of the old Al
dermnnie Regency. These baflled conspirators
arc fighting for existence. X<nr ia the time to
make an end of them.
Mr. Charles H. Ham now holds an offica,
under the United States, of $3,000 a year. He
has suffered no personal loss by the fire. He
has been begging the conventions of both
parties, including that of the scallawag nine
teen, to nominate him ior Treasurer. Tho
salary of City Treasurer is $2,500, out of which
the Treasurer has to pay his own clerks. What
docs Ham want the office for 7 Is it to mako
more than his salary 7 If so, he is just the man
the people do not want at this time.
The office of Connty Treasurer is a most im
portant one at this time. For that place Mr.
Julian S. Rumsey has been nominated. Can
the people of Chicago find a man in whose bands
the public funds will be more securely kopt 7
Shall we give up Rumsey fot Ham or Harms?
JUSCELLASEO U.Si
The. Mormons are just now making savage love to
their first wives. The design is to keep them ao con
tented that they will refrain from lawentta.
—A Yankee who sought to Introduce tho “gift
enterprise” business in Germany had to leave the
country post baste.
—ln the Sen Francisco papers appears the net of
contributions In aid of the Chicago sufferers by the
Chinese merchants. In sums of from SIOO down to |lO.
The total was |l,»0.
—A burnt-oat Chlcagoan’wlio was In a barber's
thop la New York city, and after being shaved, the
barber; suggested that perhaps ho would
like to have bis hair cut. “Thank yon." said the
man from Chicago; “it Is long, hut 1 never have my
hair cut when I am in the country.”
—A colored member of the Texas Legislature
was recently seen with a roll of greenbacks in
his band, over which he chuckled so loudly as to
attractithe attention of a' bystander... who said
to him; “What arc you laughing atlJtnf* Jim
replied, ‘*Tou see that aoooyl” Ycs".” v, Web,
boss,; 1-just got that for my vote. Fee been bought
four or five times in my life, but die Is de fust time x
ever got de ceeh myself.”
K—The foUowjflgadvertlecmeat recently appeared
In the London Guardian M Discipline—Wanlcd.Jthe
assistance of a kind, judicious lady, usod to girls,
•aad accustomed to apply the birch rod.
Fart of time only required, and liberal terms ar
ranged! A resident in London preferred, but not
essential. Address J. D.H-, Rorblge Library, 303
Queen's Road, Bayawater.
—The Norwich (Conn.) BuVdln says: A well
known i Justice fof the Peace subscribed f9 to the
relief ifand yesterday, and, returning to his
efflee j immediately, received the amount for
marrying a couple. Thus la virtue rewarded.
Another man was requested to contribute, hut do:
dined, and within two hours heard that his mother
in-law had come to stay a mouth with him. Can any
one hesitate which course to pursue
Many fashionable young ladles are adopting ibe
French fashion of appearing on promenade accom
panied by a maid. It la (nought to convey an im
pression of genuine arttstocraoy, yon know.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUTE
CHICAGO POLITICS,
Meeting of the Candidates
on the Union Fire-
Proof Ticket.
Ward Committees Appoint
ed to Conduct the
Campaign.
Second Day’s Proceedings of the Kepuh
lican and Democrat Sore-
Head Conventions.
“Boss” Holden, or the Holden
Family, Nominated for
Uayor.
Ira W. Buell, E«q. Declines to be De
feated by Hon. John A.
Jameson.
THE riBB-PBOOP TICKET,
9f*e<lir of C«adlda(«a.
A meeting of the candidate* unthe Union Fire-
Proof Ticket waa held yesterday afternoon In Haas Jk
Powell's Hall, on Madison, Dear Canal streets, for
the purpose of perfecting the campaign organiza
tion.
The meeting, which was largely attended, was
called to order by Norman T. Cassette, Esq., Chair
man of the Union Executive Committee, who re
minded the gentlemen present of tho fact that that
committee had been appointed as an Executive and
sot as a Campaign committee, and that, If thought
desirable so to do. it would be necessary for the
candidates to re-elect the organisation aa .the Cam
paign Committee. He said that the Idea had gained
ground that he was not be actively connected with this
movement, and the soreheads were construing It
as favorable to their cause, and for this reason alone,
although there waa sickness la his family, and ho
could not well spam tho time, ho waa willing to go
into active service, and to do all be could to render
the fight a hot one.
Mr. Jacob Helix* moved that tho Union Executive
Committee, consisting of N. T. Cassette, J. Behm,
N. 11. Judd, B. B. Miller, Col. Baldwin, Carter IL
Harmon and John Garrick, be conititutcd the regtlar
Ctmoalgn Committee. The motion prevailed unani
mously,
On motion of Gen. Stiles. Edward Fllkins and E. S.
Taylor were chosen Secretaries of the C onunlllee.
The Chairman then requested the candidate! to
present names of persons to serve on tho Ward Execu
tive Committees, to the adcctlon of which the re
mainder of the afternoon was devoted.
Executive Ward Committees were selected as fol
'°Flrst Ward—Chaa. Peacock. J. C. Knickerbocker,
Carstcn Ulobme. John B. Dtskb, John U, Dailey,
Samuel Davenport, Richard J. Somew, Wm. Cox, J.
Lyle King. D. H. Hammer, W. F. Wentworth, Chas.
Kern, Matthew Lailln. Dr. Story. Henry Milligan,
Walter O. Busbnel!. Wm. G. Ogle. B. B. Longluv.
Second Ward—C. D. Farwcll. floraco White, Frank
Warren, James Clare, Wm. T. Hancock, Jas. Otis
Geo. A. Hartman. I*. Becker, Henry’ Scbroeder, James
Lcddr, J. H. Dunham, Wm. Carter. John Schrocdsr,
Ilcnrv Spears, Mr. Brooke, L. B. OtU. Fred. Tuttle,
Geo. *H. LougbUn, D. 11. Uanolds. Thomas Foley,
Nelson Tunic. Hiram Hastings. It. F. Qaeal, Geo.
W. Todd. J. Kohl, Oco. 0, Sonltor. C. C. Otto.
Wm. BaragyupatlH Anton Berg. John Campbell,
James Earle, John Schrader, Wm. Bros*. J. Y.
Scammon, J. J. HstnlUoo. C. 11. Beckwith. Wm.
Manga. Geo. W. Gage, Frank Kthont, Jerry far
ney, Geo. Smith, Jacob Wild. Jacob Koch. Ur.
Dcdpe. Jamo Geary. John Uaunlgen, il. Casey.
Geo. Hunte:. Wm. Ji.bns.on.
Third Wnrd-Thomaa Seery. C. G. Wicker, Pat.
Eagan. F. C. Vierllng, J. M. Ad-it, David Cooy,
John Mahoney.Frank Schweiuriir'.h, Samuel S;o .mr.
Dr. Thomas Bevan. Peter Wolf, Aitgu-l Henri, John
B. Lyon. J. K. Bolpford. Kuward 1.-ham. Henry S.
Bradford. Wm, Baker. W. S. Johnson, Wm. Alexander,
Daniel Webster. Chas, 11. Jack-on, Lewis Dougla*.
C'bas. Reiners, Jacob PMer, Geo. A. Meeeb, A. U.
Bauyon. G. PottpeUcr, Thomas Iloyue, Philip Wads
worth. Louis Wahl.
Fourth Ward—John H. Clough. Patrick O'Brien,
Geotgc 11. Sldwell, George Shuman. James Harrell,
It. A. B. Mills. E. F. pester, Warren Dewey, Dr. T.
11. Patterson, s-atnuel McCoy, David Unnmon, U. S.
Munroe. Aarcn Haven. G. W. Thompson, Peter
Shank. R, Stone, E. Phillipps. C. A. Anderson, A.C.
Caulklns A. J. Galloway, C. M. Culbertson. Amos
Gramds, E. 0. Wl.iichiad, J. N. Barker, Ira W. Bu
ell. F. a. 1 mmoti!*. Ctto Srhulz, Dr. Q. Glbb<». Ch ,e.
Klcntwh, N. K. Vulrbank, Mark Kimball. C. 11. Gal
-I>crt, Elbrldge Keith. St. Clair Sutherland, C. S, May
berry. S. .1. Hayes.
Fifth Ward-Voter Pargy- Charles H. Reed. 8. A.
In In, J. P. Dunham. 11. K. Walworth, Wot. Gollharflt,
John O'Brien. Onmes Kearney, C. It. V.nndcrennk. H.
Blattncr. Morgan L. Keith, <‘onrad Seinp. B. McPher
son. Fred Snyder. H. 8. Wheoler, J. D. McLain,
Paul Channel, 11. T. Thomas, U. S. Towle, John Mat
tock?, 11. IL Bmvtno.
Sixth Rabcr, Philip Heady, Thotnm
Hanlon. Michael Malloy, J. U. Wood, William SnlU*
van. Michael Schmidt, Wni. Hanson, Constantino
Kann.JP. Iloflco*, John blather, James Cleary, Thos.
Robinson. Michael Flnnuc %p. Jatnca Rohan, Fred.
ü ßctfinlJiWar2—'tfeo. I'lichrnnn.’Frank Koehler,.Tno.
Darkin, Adam Freeh. Jno. Orifllo, Mr. Wondreka,
Juo. Kick. W. U. Bateliam, Alderman nicks;, Timo*
thr Carroll, Patrick Joyce, Horace Conkey. Peter
Schncnbnlcr. Bryan Healey, John Pfeiffer, Ferdinand
Snforth. Julius W« stpbal.
Eighth Brnncan, Michael Linden,
P. C. McDonald. Leander Knoratcin. Olio Wiefcli,
John N’. Lynch. Michael Thometty. Wm. Channcey.
11 Niemeyer, 98cob Ilaramcl. T. M. Halpln, P. J.
Eustace. L. O’Brien. Win. Bnhl, David Walsh, Jno.
Piindlvllle, DonnH Sptllant, Stephen Tooctz, Chas.
Able, Jr., Wn. Wynott, Jacob Koenig, Cfaos. Lod*
ding.
Ninth Ward—Wm. Joseph Sherwin, Frank
Barnes, A. L. Morrison, F. K Cook, Patrick Horan,
Redmond Sheridan. CM*. Walker. James Campbell,
John D.ngan, Ogden Lovell, John Quigley. John
Reed. K. liapßoU. E. Gilmore, .T, Underbade. M. 1).
Prindlxlßi*. Jsj*. Stewart. Frank Pa*delonp. John C.
Kline, It. V. Kounsdy. John Ward, Louts Nachman.
Tenth Wmd—A. G. Low, Wm. B. Hayes, Dan.
O'Hara. David Bradh-v, Conrad Foerst, Ira V. Mann,
I). 3L Fonl. Dr. H. S. Hahn. E. H. Gammon, J. W.
Bovden. W. H. Thompson, Thos. Parker, F. B. Gard
ner. T. Jt. Avery, Peter Scbuttlcr, U. F. Walker, C.
F. Sheldon. Captain John Scott, A. 1). Sturicvant,
Michael McCauley, Wm. B.Snowliook, J. D. Enter,
James W. Sheahau. Geo. F. Foster,
Eleventh Want—A. B. Johnson, Henry Ackhoff,
Dan Brobston. K. G. Lcavant, Tho.». Lanirv. 11. Ly
man, Henry Morey. Henry Mahler. Gilbert OUoq. a.
Krick-on, John GiliWon, A. C. Storey. 31. O. Nich
ols. N. H, Bsrnoi*. J. Mclntyre, Geo. Y. Smith, Seven
Gcudereon. J. Peril. W. N. Stoker, Fritz Frantzeu,
Wm. McKay, Kuos Smith.
Twelfth W tw. -H. lj. MVies* CspL J. W. Connett,
Clias. Neiojn, O;o Barkilnnd, W. W. WooJ.-trd. C.
Hrper, W.T. Milligan. Gllhat Olson, L. 11. Drary,
Chae. Crane, Vf. 11. HcafforJ, Thoa, E. Courtney,
David Dole, A. M. Ulllcgi, F. W. Gate*. Ed. C. Wak
l«*r, Robert N>c \o v, Moms Janes, Horatio Anderson.
Ar.goatn? Vaußnrcu, M. J. Magill, M.J. Avery, 6. S.
U*TC?.
Thirteenth Ward—John A. TcwlU, J. B. Murray.
L. H. Itohlncon, Fred Doenring, Alderman Gardner,
J. E. Uwsley. Dr. Hathaway, John Field, S. P.
Rounds, Wm. Neff, Alex. White. Jacob Gro*a. John
Sotton. Samuel Brow". D. W. linker, Arthur Grow,
John Willetts, Avery Moore. S. K. Dow, Qco. Stan
ford, W. 11. Lawrence. John I’earsnn.
Fourteenth Wart—B. Q. Gill. Homer Galpln, Gto.
Cosier. W. W. Bingham, John ITcaflcld, T. E. Cowles.
Eben F. Banyan. Jacob Grcenelwuim, Alderm-m
Shnl, Francis Arnold. C. Broycr, L. F. Waite, Dr.
C. J. Lewis. J. Clough JUlnra.
Fifteenth Ward—Thomas Brown, John Vant Wood,
S. Kundton. Andrew P. Johnson. Crist. Frieden
hausen, Henry otermao, Wm. Gasified, Cl meat
Hnrseh, Henry Thces. Loots Shaltz, C. Caatleman, O.
W. Patten, loiuls Kberwdd, Wra, Knees, AUchael
fiaxhardt, AUchael Schrieber, Charles Wanvhea, Wm.
U. Donovan. E. Diiedco. Michael Lamhren. Ed.
O'Briro, John. Dcvebvck, WUllaui Narcos, Michael
UaUintn.
Sixteenth Ward—Conrad Fot*. K. O. Schmidt,
Albert Patch, Wm. Cooper, Julius Bender, William
Strtm. A. L. Brim. John K. Millar, John Balskco,
G. H. Hathaway. Wm.V«»cke. E. O- Ward, K. Trea
peter, I*. L. Hawktnson. W. Wallace, Keosger,
W. 11. Stlckeny. J. D. Maxwell, P. M. itrau.
Seventeenth Ward—Capiain Julien Keller, John
Fanlsman. A. Sjhuncmeyr. John Hastaoger, Chi*.
Spencer. Henry Bcrgtn.J. McUu-h,A.Biehoff. Adam
Dell, Peter Schmidt, Philip Schwenforih, Fritz Tro
lemare, Kohert Lahey. Isaac Bnteehaua, N. Blah,
Andrew Miller. A. Uwtmocr.
Blgb’ecnth Ward—Michael SnlUraft. Thomas Tam.
eron, Jamas Nolan. David McCarthy. Geo. W. Silver,
Peter Carpenter. Joseph Santa, Robert Stack, A. H.
Robinson, Joan Gian, Philip Kenedy. Jam**a C.
Grant, Owen 3!cCariby, Georga Barker, Peter Flem
ming, George Slraubo ry, Robert Clark, Leo Cam
eron.
Nineteenth Want—Geo. Knew, P. Allmcndtncer,
Alex. Stephenson. SI. Weber, A. U. Bariev, :i. N.
Towner, Ireomona rnnemm*. w;u. ooiwj, John n.
Muehlke, John Hilda, Chne. Ranke. OweoDjngh
etlr, S- A. Folk. Lorenz Mattern, J. F. Gcttloa, J. A.
Kelson, E. B. McCag'. John Marphv.
Tvvnt.eth Ward—l'olcr Hand, 11. A. Kauffman,
Geo. Ocrtcl, Colonel K. A. Kastman, Wm. Lilt, 11.
F. Wlnilon, 11, F. Wade. Michael McCauley. L.
Lamnartner. 1. N. Arnold, Mirtln Panlsen, A. B.
Reynold*, Jas. L. Stark. Ellas Shipman, W, K. Sul
llraD, P. A. Utivnc. John Harrington.
Country Committee—N. P. Keyes, Henry Batter
man, Joseph Slade, M. B. Mclntosh, n. U. Allen,
WMmartb, Wra. Frclse, Wm. Gardner, Alex. Reed,
.Edwin Walker, John Cox, 11. K. Rcxford, W. U.
Massey. .T. 11. Sammons. Chris. Andrew?, Carl Roth,
Hiram Ketmlcott. Uco.Strong, Jr., Jacob Honslagcr,
JohnCammock, D. C. bkcll r, J. B. D. Elliott, Ur. Me*
Eldowny, Henry Darla, L. j.North. John L. Derby,
D. B, Murpby, J.B. Kiel. Andrew Howell, Wra. Jack
son, Louis Brink. Christian Basse. Iver Lawson. J.
T. LoMovno, Joseph Stockton, Timothy Bradley,
Geo. F. Blankc, E. A. Gage, Judge Douglas. K. O.
Telehart, Dr. Nutt, Jacob Conrad. Paul
Uoerter. James lUrtney, Michael Gromley,
John McCafferr. Daniel Booth, Joo. L. Gerber, Zmtis
Coleman, B. EjCnlver, J. P. Wilson. Dan. Goodwin,
Jr„ W.K.KlxoriLß. R. Clarke. Joo. H. Batten, Thoa.
Shirley. Daniel Ucaly, Mathew McGrath, O. Clark,
and Hiram Vanderbilt,
The meeting then adjonmert'antil 10 o'clock this
forenoon, sharp, at the tame place, when every css*
didate on the Union Firc*Proof Ticker, for whatever
office, laearnestly desired to be^present
A meeting of the Execntlvo Committees, as an
nounced above, will take place at 3 o’clock this
afternoon, at Baas Powell's Hall, on the north side
of Madison street, entrance near Canal street. A full
attendance la nrged, ebusiness of vast'importance
will come before the meeting. _
i V
REPUBLICAN SOREHEAD^
Homing SfMlnn.
The Cook County Republican Ct nventlob reassem
bled at 11 yesterday morning, Mr. C. IL Holden In
tbo chair.
Tbc .Committee on Division of Offices, after an
hour's consultation, reported ibat they were not able
to arrive at. any basis of dlvlsun that would give the
Republicans the Police Commissioner. After much
tUklng. It waa resolved to propose to the convention
that U they would give the Democrats the Mayor they
abonld have the Twice Commissioner: whether they
would do It waa Car the convention to decide.. If the
convention did not wish li, then they had better bare
a sew committee.
Mr. Enzcnbacber moved the report be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
C. W. Sherwood moved the committee he request
ed to confer again. He hoped they coaid come to
an agreement without giving np Mayor or Police Com
missioner.
K. K. Jones urged conciliation. Ho believed one
of two of the two office, must be conceded.
John Comiekey said the only thing the Democrats
(could do wa® to ut-t an equivalent for the Police Coin*
mUvloncr. lie did not think the Democrats coaid
ccmlnate aiaan lobcat Mr. Gage if they were glv.
on the Trcafnrcsrbtp, while the Republicans conld
find a man to boat him. Ho was willing to lake the
Mayor and then the Republicans would have twenty*
two officer* and the Democrats sixteen, They must
unite, to put down toe prose, and teach them the peo
ple could povern themselves.
4 Mr. ComWwy wasaakid If Mr. Gage would spend
less money if a Republican were against him.
Mr. Comlekey tnouebt they could get no good
pemoc.at to nmagainst him.
E. K. Jones moved the committee be scut back
with im tractions to give up the Police Commissioner*
ship.
A German delegate opposed that, since then they
would get two Irishmen on the hoard. and hare no-
Germans. He wanted to give op OT Mayor, who held I
only for two yean, while the Commissioner was there I
for six. He moved they bo given the Mayor.
Several opposed It. It was stated the Democrats
would put in a German for Police Commissioner.
It was also stated thar.ncxt to the wrath of the
Almighty, waathe wrath of the people when aroused,
and they were that. The North won In the war, not
became it bad the beet and bravest men, but became
it bad the Star Spangled Banner; and the convention
bad It now,
George Sherwood thought they should divide the
officer* oaly aa the Central Committee had done.
The Chairman thought so too.
It was moved the committee be sent hack to give
up the Commissioner.
There was great confoplon.
The motion was not agreed to—yeas. C 8; nays, 123.
The Committee on Division again went to confer,
and reported that Ibe Democratic ultimatum was
that they moil have the Mayor, they giving up one
County Commltsloucr, or they must have the Police
Commissioner.
It was moved the Democrats have the Mayor.
Amotion to adjourn was lost.
The motion to giro np'the Major waa agreed to
—vea®, 136; nays; 4S.
Before the vote was announced, Charles Holland
hoped they would ignore personal pi\ Terences and
bare a Republican at the bead of the ticket.
The convention then adjourned till 3 p. m.
Afternoon Senators.
The contention reassembled at 3 o clock.
The Chair said he had Intended to have been absent
In the afternoon, but bad come back to show them
that he was not dissatisfied whh their action In giving
the Mayor to the Democrats. He would slick by
them to the end, for they were the people.
Ur J. C. Reynolds, the auctioneer, wanted to offer
some resolutions, but was choked off, although one of
tbo sovereign people.-
Mr. Reynolds strove to be heard, but all In vatu.
Clark Uclb moved that they nominate a Judge of
Ibc Superior Court, and it was so ordered.
H. a. Hibbard did not know what they would do
with persons on tbo other tickets. He understood
tbo Democrats would nominate Judge Fuller for the
Circuit Court, and be nominated for the Superior
Court, Judge J. A. Jameson.
Aid. Clark nominated Elliott Anthony.
Mr. Jones opposed nutting on men who wore on the
ether ticket.
Speechcßwere limited to three minutes.
Horse Eddy said they bad got to a time when (he
people did not care bow a man got nominated, but
whether he wee fit for the place. There was no
question aa to Mr. Jameson’s ability.
Mr. Mitchell wonted a man who belonged to their
convention. Every young attorney would vole
agalrft Jr meson.
John Pope Uodnett had hla say. Qe wanted a man
who terrm-nud the intellectual faculties of the
young*lawyers. There were men In the convention
who could control as many votes as Judge Jameson.
Be wanted Ira W. Bnell for ths position.
C. W. Bhcswood said Mr. Buell was not candi
date.
A ballot was had, resulting; Anthony, 55; Buell,
61: Jameson, bl.
Before the vole was announced man in a remote
corner was obliged with voting for several county
towns, bat as the delegates began changing to Buelf,
so atentlon was paid to It.
After the changes, the result was announced:
Buell, 145; Jamcson.TC; Anthony, SO.
A melton was made by Mr. Kramer to reconsider
the vote, eince the people were for Jameson, bat It
was ruled out ofwacr.
The Chair then said all in'favor of unanimously
ctminatlrg Judge Jameson would say aye.
The motion was agreed to.
Then the convention raw it bad made a mistake,
and retraced Us steps, the Chair wmhfuUy declaring
that It was bis mistake, and ordering several people
to sit down and let him attend to his bosinrss.
‘•Mijor"’ Phelps nominated Henry Uarms for
County Ttearnrer.
ton e Orman nominated Fritz Meizko.
C. W. therwood nominated J. W. Brockwty, who
lost a leg at the battle of su Petersburg. [Great
lacgLU-i .1
tevriai*specrhes were made, but could not be
beard. Lie always at once.
A I allot was hud, resulting; Harms, 171; Mt-uke,4;
Dmkway. so.
Otto liar urg. John A. Nelson, and Fred. Gund
were uomitiaUu f«;r I’ollcc CummD-loncr.
T! e ttnfui-.on was frightful, every German talking
iu h>* tintUu tongue at the same time.
A North Side Scandinavian did not want Mr. Garni,
sine :1 c t tier side bad rejected him.
ITeWiKoCwlcd dP"n*
blr. Junes uigcd the convention to govern Itself, or
It ec.u’d nut govern the people.
A ballot wii!> had, resulting: C.uud, G3; Hannng,
HI: Nilscn. 2.
Before ti.c vole wt? had, Nelson's name was with
drawn in lnvi r <1 Uund.
Mr. Nubcn drclintd to throw his vote in favor of
anv otlrer candidate.
Several changes followed in favor of ilar'ung.
Geo. tV. Waite nominated .1. B. Young for County
CMi.nmsioncrfre m the Fifth District.
He was m nrinaU'd.
Fud. Tiscti. \V. G. Waterman, and Wrt. Freise
were pn* ia nomination for Commissioner from the
Serord District.
The ccidnsion was fearful.
Ti>o nomination of Mr. Holden by the Democrats
for Mavor was announced by ,1. J. FHzgihbon, and
»cs received with groat applause, and Holden, who
was rn a corner of th« room, was wildly called
on to tpvsk. After UU being hoisted on the
stage, anti while Just ready to speak,
tho Chairman wanted to know who
pave the news, and then suggested that p rhaps
hey were mistaken, and bad better wait till the news
wfs aulht t.iirated, since they coaid not And the man
who brought the nows, who was e Democrat.
J. P. Iludtiett arose to a point of information.
J. S. Reynolds moved to send a committee of throe
to the Democracy to And out how it was.
The motion was Agreed to. otrd O. C. P. Holden
retired to an adjoining room, and the convention
w«m track to its nominal ion* and to fussing over
£8; Waterman, C«8.
It was thin authentically announced that Mr.
Holden was nominated, end be was called for. but it
was announced ho had gone to tlie other convention.
Tt c Chairman dropi>o i out, after remarking be hvd
doccpret-y well, nomaltarwhal they might think,
and K. K. Jones took the chair.
At Uil* point the pa? was lit,
John Crawforc and Philip Bnhlandcr were pat io
nomination ior the Third District.
Mr. Sherwood mid a major'ly of the delegate* from
the district were in favor ot Crawford,
ft vva? objected lie was on the other ticket.
A ballot was had, resulting— Bohlander. 138; Craw*
ferd. bS.
Julius White and William B. Gray wore pat in
nomination lor the Fit>t District.
Mr. White was objected teas a Star-Chamber nom
inee. and bl? name was withdrawn,
A ballot was h id, resulting—Gray, 135; White, 6.
The Chair stated that Mr. Holden was lu tho next
room, lie was called for and appeared, and said they
had in their magnanimity given tho Democrats the
Mayor, in enter to have harmony and peace. That
branch of their convention bid nominated him to
bead their ticket for the next two years. In looking
at the vast responsibilities be would have to assume,
and In view ot tho vast Qrc they bad bad, and which
baddes'royed the heart of the city, ho felt they
would have to take care of the sufferers and build up
the city, but as lie knew the backers and
associates he should have, he accepted
the.n mination. They bad a great work to do.
They bad that Star-Chamber ticket to attend to, and
they must pntnp the best mtt. rial and mash it Ly
from ten to fifteen thousand majority. That was no
tnipgndoda. hut the simple truth. The conclave that
tried to dictate to the freemen of Chicago must be
put down. No body of btac-Chambor men ever did
such a thing. They were even dictating to the poor
men who should be Constables. He would, when
vlcctcd. treat the North and South Sides justly. Tho
Court House and bridges, etc., wete to bo rebuilt.
Many who were burnt out and in great distress
were his relatives, and as far as lay in his power
they should have the aid of tho city to.bnild them up.
They bed bis word of Honor that the old landmarks
should stand. He accepted the situation, and was at
thcirearvlce, only wanting each of them to give all
tho time he could to seenre victory. They must not
leave a loophole, tint infoim the whole distressed ter
ritory of what the Star Chamber had done. They
must be a solid phalanx at the polls, and elect thalr
entire ticket by about twenty thousand.
Three crccrs were given for Boss” Holden.
John Wreun. Ezra Taylor, Henry Wend l, Edward
Donohue. Edward Albeit.and Jacob llarth were put
in ocminailon for North Side Commissioner.
Taylor was nominated, hut. the Chair said be
was in the other ring, and he was withdrawn..
A ballot was had. rcsnlting: Hartb. 61; Taylor,
S3; Wrcon, 33; Wendt, 30; Albert, 4; Donohue, 1.
Another ballot was had, rcsnlting—Hartb, 100;
Taj lor. 13; Wendt, 11; Wrenn, 26.
Charles Holland. S, W. King, E. J. Thomas, Theo
dore Stacy, and John Joses were nominated for South
Side County Commifeioncrs.
H. D. Klrg, a colored delegate, wanted a colored
man nominated, or the twelve hundred colored votes
of the Scmb Side would go against them. They
wanted John Jones.
••Major" Phelps thought It wise to mike an excep
tion. and pul on John Jones.
It was negatived.
If. D. King was t’enpot loromlnalion by “Major"
Phelps, and nominated by acclamation.
Mr. King made a brief speech referring to Mr. Far
well, though be doubted if that gentleman would en
dorse him. He was no office-seeker, and was taken
hack by tbc presence of the assembled wisdom of
Cook County. The news of his nomination would
please his people, and they would carry the Sooth
Side, especially when they bad a pretty g.od looking
colored man on the ticket.
13 Kicr a;
D. W. Clark, Jr„ Chas. Lodlng. Edward Thompnn.
Wo. Gastfitld. H. J. Dcrickson, W. H. Dixon, Daniel
Worthington, Dan. Robertson, H, Mahler, Henry
Tiers, CT Charlsch, and Henry Glado, ware put In
nomination for West Side Connty Commission.*™.
On mot ion of Major" Phelps, Edward Thompson,
a Scandinavian, was nominated by acclamation.
A ballot was had, rcsnlting: Clark, 90; Worthing*
ton, 61: Ludwig. SI; tiostflcld. 2; Brobaton, 9.
AaaP. Bradley and Captain Silvereparr were put la
nomination for County Surveyor, and tbc former was
nominated, receiving IDS votes to Tutor bis oppo
sent.
General O. L. Macs was pat In nomination for
State Senator.
General Mann asid Mr. Herd waa tho person who
desired tho place, while be did not want it. He hoped
they would let him ofl.
It waa stated by a member of the Evanston delcga-,
Uon that Mr. Hard would not run. O
Mr. Moon said 11 General Mann or Mr. Hard wo3ld
not take the nomination, he would.
General Mann declined In favor OfMr. Maun.
A ballot was bad, resulting—Mann, 126; Uurd, 52,
/Cbas. H. Bam, Hi B. Hiller, J. Ojlalnes, and
iHenry Grccnobauxa were put la nomination for City
iTififnrer.
I Mr. Miner's name was withdraw*, c/
A ballot was bad. resulting—Ham. 86; Qreend'
racm. 65; Haines, 1: Gaga, 4.
The confusion became astonishing.’
Awote was had for South Side Police Magistrate,
retultlng—Glaircer,lt; Fltzglbbcm,B9; Caldwell, 1:
MllUknv. 16; Remick, 20.
A. M. Plotke. Cbas, Drandorff, and John Pope Hod*
th tt were put in nomination for North Side Police
Uccistrate.
The vote resitted—Plotke, 75; Drasdorfl; 49: Hodr
nett, A T
The nnvririJomiJren^dfturncdsim^oVgoekUtia
v v
SOREHEADS.
nornlsx Icmlob.
The Democratic Convention came together yester
day in Orpins Ball, Judge Atwood Tn the chaift
The number cl delegates was greatly diminished.
Supervisor Stephen* moved that the rote by
which Mark Sbarldan was placed upon the Central
Committee, on the ground that be was already one of
the Central Committee and a member of the Star
Chamber, be reconsidered.
Ur. Barry wanted to know If there was a quorum
present.
A can of tbe roll demonstrated that there was not
a quorem, whereupon the convention took a recess
umR 11:30 o'clock.
Previous to adjournment the following specimen*
of lyrio composition were offered:
What man on earth ever beard rich a this*
As slsvtn man Bakina a rtna.
And dUrranchUe Cook CountraU
And on our Wter cup split cut thrir gall t
TVTEDtfESDAY, XOYEMBEE 1, 1871.
*lt mmt sot- ah«1I io cannot I*.
T1 at we shall to br.iugut up toalariree.
Aid <ur voles told br iba aleveo.
As t«o jetra.«go thty >u tj the men.
F«r on the seventh i.ib) of November
WJlihow the Marl h»nl>er
That all the rises ami all tba papers
Can't ouk* oa tote it wa dun I u», br Jabsrs.
Appended was iho following re solution
B<*o)ted. Ibattbe above azpmses the sensa of this
omsnlio".
The resolution was adopted.
The convention came to orders! 12:» o’clock.
Supervisor Stephens renewed bis motion, bat a sub
stitute was offered that the Chair appoint a committee
of two to wait open Mr. Sheridan. Theanbstltnto
was carried, aid the Chair named Mr. George Milton
and SupeiTltoT Stephens as such committee. The
Chair added that 350,000 people bad no Interest In tbo
petty squabbles of the Sixth Ward, and that the dele
gates therefrom should settle their own difficulties.
On motlor, the vote by which the report of the
Ctnfereccc Committee was, adopted was recon
sidered.
Mr. Silverman.of the Conference Committee, re-
Sotted that they had made an nrrangoment with the
lepubllcsns. by which the Democracy wore to have
the Mayoralty and the Republicans the Police Com
missioner.
Mr. Rlcbben* said that It was not advisable to adopt
the report, lie moved that the convention iberefo.e
adjourn till 3 o'clock.
Mr. Comhkty thought the report of the committee
ooebt to be adopted previous to adjournment.
Mr. Rich berg withdrew he motion to adjourn.
Mr. Comlskey moved that the report of the com
mittee be amended so that the Democracy have the
West Side Collectorrblp-and the Uepub.leans the
South Side, but, after discovering Intense Hostility
thereto on Iho part of the convention, withdrew In
The report wss adopted, and the convention ad
foerned till S o'clock.
Afternoon Session*
The cmvcntlon came to order in the afternoon.
Mr. J. E. Barny offered the following resslatlou
evolved. That this convention now prre-ed to
m mioate candidate* far the several offle,-* asilg ted the
Democracy hr the Join* conference committer, and that
uta nonilaeUoi.e be uad« ta the order adopted la tue
rer< rt oi said committee.
After discussion the resolution was adopted.
Mark Sheridan wss called upon to express his
views. After seme vehement opposition be woe per
mitted lo spesk. He said bo protested against the
ectlon of the Democratic Central Committee, but
understood that the Central Committee, haring
been elected for two years, was still In existence. Ho
did not want to be a committeeman ofany kind. (Ap
plause).
Mr. Silverman then nominated J.P. Atwood forjudge
ol the Circuit Court.
Austin J. Doyle nominated Murray F. Tnley.
John ComUkey nominated Samuel M. Moore.
Aid. Montgomery ema nated’Lambert Tree.
Mr. Richberry Inquired whether Mr. Tree would
accept the nomination of the convention.
Aid. Montgomery said be had declined the nomlna
tlc n for Alderman ny the High School Committee.
The convention tom proceeded to ballot for the
eleclicn of Judge of the Circuit Court.
The first infoimal ballot resulted as follows.
Whole number of rot re emit 130
3iccs>»rT to a thilce~— 66
Atvviti 2l
Tulrr- »s
Mmre 3
Tier 39
A mot lon was made to make the nomination of Lam
bett Tree unanimous.
Jsxce* Ennis insisted that it was an informal ballot.
There were belter men. Ho protected aualo.-t the
election of any man who was one of Wilbur F. Storey’s
pet*. He ho£«d no one would mako a fool of himself.
After more efferv. sceoco. a second ballot was taken,
rocultirg thus, Mr. Atwood withdrawing:
Wbcls i Umber of voles cast.~~~~.~~~~ ~~~~~~~~.-~~.tf7
Newer y loa fit
T ree..~~~ 96
Toby 3i
On motion, the nomination of Mr. Tree was declared
nr.ailmons.
On motion, a committee of three was appointed to
wait on Mr. Tree and bring him in. The motion pre
vailed.
The convention proceeded to receive nominations
for the office of Mayer.
Messrs. Horry Urecnehnunt. C.C. P. Holden.Henry
Fuller, a. b. Bayes, and Theodore Scblutz were nom
inated.
Mr. Ennis protested.
Aid. Montgomery taIdC.C.P. Holden was a Dem
ocrat.
Mr. Schiotz said bo had lost too much money to
tun.
Tbo C.erk proceeded to call the roll for an Informal
ballot.
Mr. Cotniskey f&ld dalegales had boon paid money
to vote for Mr. Holden, wneo the wildest confusion
pmaikd. (Cries of “Name them,” *‘Whoarc
they? Sit down.”] Ho refused to cast his vote for
the Ninth Ward. (Loud applause.]
Mr. O’Leary Iwitled lUiLnlenUy on h-log heard.
He yelled out that ho was the man who hao elected
Mr. Holden, and he had polluted, and done all sorts
of thlngi>. Ktb. owing io tbo wur-whoonins around
him, could net. unfortunately, be determined.
The rallied of the roll proceeded.
Another man wanted to speak. He was not a dele
gate, but wotld he if ho would sit down. He
was one of the Conference Committee, and complain
ed In a lend key that Ms Jsbuis were lu vain.
The roll was continued with with similar Inter
ruptions, and resulted thus:
Wfcolo number of votes Ch5t...~..~....~ 176
NVrun to a (huice.
Gntcfbsuij: 6
Mr. Ennl? said Mr. Schintc had told him that if he
had received unanimous nomination—
Mr. Schlntz—“ Mr. Chairman. I said no such
thing—” The remainder ofthe speech wa* drowned
In a derisive yell.
Mr. Comltkcy nominated Mr. Tboraa" Hoync.
Following this was a icenc which, to a stereo
hpvd phrase, “defies description.” The yells, shouts,
ii.uea Ics, threats ind nl-jnigatlonfl of the conven
tion conld finda parallel only in pandemonium, Mr.
lli-hUn being the came thereof.
Thu second, and formal ballet, resulted thus;
1 t'loe number of votre cast
h.c »m>nr io a clwico fil
riilter-~..~...~
Amid the moat indescribable confusion, the nomln
aiUn van declared iinurinion?.and a committee ap
pointed to wait upon Mr. Holden to obtiin tiU sanc
tion to tbo nomination, hots of 200 to 1 in favor of bu
adapting being freely oflered. bit finding no takers.
The convention then found itself nominating for
Cty (’ullrctor.
Mr. Young neminated W. J. Onaban.
A ballot wa* taken which resulted inthounanl-
Bwti, nl Ur Onilian.
The usual committee of three was sent after him.
Iho contention then pioccoded to nominate a City
Attorney.
Get.rgc A. Meech, Theodore Schlntz, D. J. O’Leary,
7lum»<i* A. Motan, and V. McHugh were* luccettslvvly
ncaiiratrd.
Mr. Holden, baring come in. took his stand on tbo
pUiftim. and spoke. He said that, with a full knowl
edge of the rerponribilinutt of the office, and knowing
aba that he was the unanimous choice of both partius,
ard would bavo the support of all, he accepted the
ncuiinniiou. Only five days remained before the
the Ftar Chamber ticket. He pledged
bltmelf io do his doty by tho burnt out citizens of the
Noith and South dlvWoi s. He felt, by their aid, to
rereixe from t>,lCo to 15,000 majority.
The Secretary proceeded tocalltbe roll for an lu
fcinal I allot for City Attorney.
Tie ballot resulted as follows:
Wlclr numlcr of votes 120
N«c<*»arj a rli.,>L» ci
Mcliofli 33
Tic second ballot resulted thus:
Whcb* number of votep.~ „..»cn
Nrcotaty to a choice. St
Mrrcl 41
Ilcllui-t 7y
Mr. M« Hugh v.as therefore declared unanimously
nomiutJcd,
Albert Nlcbobon was nominated Clerk of the
I'oiicv Cctttt. Maik Clinton was also nominated.
After the usual amount of delay, and wrauglio*.
and balloting, and withdrawing, Mr. Nlcholaon waa
unacimousiy nominated,
Es-Aldertnan Hlldreilt and R. J. Barrett, Mr.
O'Coi.ror, and A. S. Alexander were nominated for
ihe Police Magistracy on the West Side, and Mr.
Bsrrctt declared the unanimous choice of the conven
tion.
The nrme of Daniel Warner, of LemmNVaa
rommJt'f'muecfortfie WMrtcto! Lomont. Mr. John
fooly, i-f Palo**, was also nominated. A ballot taken
«<n (be nominations showed Mr. Cool; (bo nominee of
(he coi venticn.
The c* mention then adjourned until this mornin«r
tl 10 o*clock.
—j
DECLINE THE HOJTOR.
Ifllcr front Ira W. Bnrtt, XT»q.
To tht Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sms 1 ba\eju>t been interact!. tonir surprise, of
ny uominnilon in ilia office of Jndgo of the Sapertor
Coon by tl,e political comen lons ja*t held in tM«
city. Tota was without ay knowledge or eoUdta*
tion. Intln;Jmld*l of our great calamity 1 hare no
Start for political warfare, and fhall mate no effort
for pcrcciml political preferment. While lam grate*
tul to my Itierda Ibrttolr partiality. Idoroipcctfelly
hut peremptorily d< dine to cobefore the people .at
this tme b o a candidate fur office.
KcbpecUnlly roar*, -M
Chicago, Oct. SI. I*7l. IraW. Bustx^
Lfllfrfrom IV. 11. Kiq,
To the Editor of Tht Chicago Tribune
Stß* IVrceMm: ihct my came has IxenpUeod 00,
the orpo?Jtioit ticket for Alderman of the Ftm WardV
1 cnilrrce this etrlkht opportunity, while! thinking
my friends fur their partiality, to say that I am not a
cai.didi'te for Aldommn at the co*ain? municipal
election, and hereby decline the nomination.
Year*. Jtc \V. 11, iULLIGAK.
Chicago, Oct. 21.
Snm»ratlona from au Engllih Source.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
London. 13 Colville Road, Kensington Turk, OcL 11.
Sin: The terrible calamity that has befallen year
gtcat aid prosperous city has aroused as well tbe
as tbo Interest w*n*»les. with a view
10 alleviate the prevent CODdlUuuof Jvui pevpfr,
cur people,—and to establish somp precautionary
measures against a Hko event, with its direful re
sults. In future. That Chicago will arise In greater
berntyand strength thou before from her present
ashes and teats, there U no doubt. people are
tbe people of progress, and her progress Is the pride
of til people?. May she again assume, with God's
he’p. more moral ana aticri .l greatness, and re
sume her newer In tbe garden of tbe West, accepting
this calamity as M a bletelng In disguise."
Long ere this reaches yon, the telegraph will have
informed vrn of wbst American citiuns and their
gencreo.- English hosts have done to soften the hard
ship? to suddenly and fbirtally. thrust upon your
dtaens of Chicago. Would that we could d more.
In addition to our monetary mites, permit me to
make the following suggestions, with all deference,-
to the architects and bnilden la tbe reconstruction of
New Chicago," to be considered as an Intention of
further aid:
Tour, own premonitions on me J7lh nit. seen, at
this moment, almost prophetic. Aias I their realise
tiers wes so nearly terribly true. Notwithstanding
venr take kissing your streets," an intnffldesey of
newer«*m
pic of rvtiy cliy Intbe CnionAsapreciatioD. yonr
bouwsndrfreeis were constructed wonderfully and
fftrfnily. Drainage, sewage, bridging—ln a word,
all details of sanitary and safety principles were
almost'ignored. Why! Simply because of hurry.
In this one word hurry la comprised tbe basis of
more of tie disaster* in the Suited States than in
anything else. To avoid this. then, do not let your
ddiensrush hurriedly totcbnild your city—the Me
tropolis of tbe West. Call a council -of your eapltal-
Uta and architects, engineers and builders, and let
deliberation, intelligence, ability, an* energy, with
capital, combine and «ce that the esnltsry, the
safely, the decorative, and the nsefal principles of
constructing a city prevail- The eye# of the commcr
da! world, with a thottitnd subject* vrfprojection and
obfectios, are turned toward yoor city of
the future. Let it, then, bo mapped oat and
constructed with the vkw to- solidity and
safety, and, before two year* passiway, her commerce,
her wealth, her domestic and foreign Interests, will
Increase tenfold her past. In this mapping and re
construction, a great and vital Interest prevails.
Tour city government and men of power should not
merely consider Chicago from a small standpoint.
soTelytccal. Its foreign importance, as the great
granary of tha world, the huge atom of breadstuff. for
the globe, tbe cattle mart of the Great West, should
be deeply and earnestly considered. Again: Chicago
should look to the f»«t that she can be unde the
great manufacturing centre of the West. TVs this end
her railroad and other bencflUed'carporatloßs ehoald
■l?o earnestly look and sincerely act. In my
opacity, permit me tsproffer every facility towards
ihJsccd by offering any and all nerassaryonclneera.
aichltects, and building eapplka from this aid© the
channel, under circumstances that will meet the ap
proval orthose Interested In your midst, whoseviews
and renoesta I invite, and to whoso aid I will give
cheerfully mine to rebuild yonr future city worthily
and properly. L. MORTON MONTGOMERY.
BOAHD OF HEALTH.
Eeport of Sanitary Superintendent Hauch—
Mortality Eeport for Seven Days—The
General Health of the Ci y Good-Ero
cautions Against Small For.
The Board of Health did act hold a meeting yes
terday, there not b«ing a quorum present. Dr.
Raucb, the Sanitary Soperlntendent, however, had
prepared his report for the week ending October 99,
and as it Is of great Importance, a synopsis 1$ append
ed- There were 97 deaths daring the week, 47 being
females and 48 males. Bering the same period in
ISIS there were 108, In 156 V, ISO. and in 1570.H6
deaths. Ccnvalslons caused tbff death of 11. pneu
monia of 7, typhoid fever or 6, other fevers of 6, con
sumption of 1, and diarrhea of 6. 81 were under 1
Jcar. 16 between 1 and S; 3 between 3 and 3;
between 3 and 4; 3 between 4
and 3 between 5 and 10; 6 between 10 and 30
6 between SO and 30 9 between 80 and 40; 6 between
40 and 30; 3 between 50 and 60; 4 between 60 and
70:3 between 70 and 60. Unknown. 1. Ninety-eight
bodies have been thus far recovered Bom the ruins.
The nativities of the deceased were as follows:
Canada. 1; Chicago (native), 14 Chicago (foreign),
31; other parts of the United States, 13; England,
S; Germany, 10; Ireland, 9; Norway, 1; Scotland, 3:
Sweden, 9 unknown, l. On the Sid of October
there were 14 deaths ;on the 33d, 15; on the 91tb, 13:
cn the £stb, 33; on the 26th, 11 on the 37th, 10, and
on the £Sth. 12. The mortality by wards was as ;oI
lows: 3d, 6 51b. 1; 61b, 4; 7th. 5 8;h. 13; 9tb, 9:
iClb. 4; nth, 8; ISih, 4; 33th, T. Htb.lT: 15th. 17; 16th,
4; 37th, 2. Accidents. 4; Carpenter School. 1;
Foundling Home. 3; Half Orphan Asylum, l; Mercy
Hospital, 1 Washington Home, 1.
In his remarks, the Sanitary Superintendent says
that the number of deaths la not much in excess of
the usual number at this season ol the vear. Although
islbflcd that more deaths bare occurred, of which
there la no record. It la impos-lole in the present dis
turbed condition of everything to strictly enforce
registration. A careful analysts of the causes of
death reveals the fact of the total absence of any epi
demic tendency, or the -prevalence of any particular
disease. The general health of the citv was remark
ably good before the fire, and the report shows that It
still cofanea so, taking into consideration the sur
rounding circumstances. Death was hastened in
many cases by exposure. The raising of the grade
(n certain pai is of the city was a subject of great Im
portance. as was the opening of streets in the North
Division to the lake to afford proper ventilation.
Ba recommends the passage of an ordinance prescrib
ing the lands In which distilleries, slanghier-booses,
and establishment# that may become dele, erious to
health shall not he erected, and prescribing condi
tions under which they may be constructed outside of
said limits.
Two cases of small poz had been reported during
the week, one, a child four years of age. living In the
barracks on the corner of Elizabeth and Madison
streets. ThettmUywaa atonco returned and the
filsce thoroughly dlalnfecied. All the vaccine that
t was possible to get was secured, and the work of
vsccinstlegall who live In the barracks was com
menced at olcc. Over four hundred were thus pro
tected. The same course will bo pursued at the
other barracks as soon as sufficient vaccine matter
can be obtained. Unless great care la taken, snail
pox will become an epidemic. The question of over
ctowdtrg thcdestltute Is l*lng Investigated, and
unless something can be dona to prevent It much
sickness will ensue.
DISSOLVING VIEWS.
The Chicago Fireman’s, Merchants.* Chi
cago Fire, Germania. State. Home, and
Mutual Security Insurance Companies
Cited Into Court for Dissolution.
Tho question of tbs appointment of receivers for
(everal of tbc insurance companies, heretofore
brought Into tbc Circuit Court, was intended to be
breught under discussion yesterday, but, owing to
tte meeting of the Judges In relation to the perfec
tion oflcguiatlon to protect titles, tho matter was
laid over until Friday next.
ito people of the State of Illinois, represented by
their legal adviser, tho Attorney General, yesterday
cited into the Circuit Court, for the purooso of die
awlvli.g them, several other Insurance* companies
open the i-fllcial statement of the Auditor of Public
Account?, in each case that ihe assets of the company
arc insufficient to justify the continuance iu business
of tho companies. In each ca.-e h Receiver!* asked
to be appelated. Tho bills were against
Tho Chicago Fireman’s Insurance Company:
Amount of risk*. December 31, 197J, sl7,MW,Chrj
a»?at?. J3T3.WO Josses, J3,COO.OCb.
Mcr. bants’ Insurance Company Ritka ontstand-
Ing, Decemhor 31. J9TO, 950,t0u,00t); asm ta.
LCO: losses, $0,000,100.
Chicago Fire Insurance Company: Rirka outstand
ing. S3.«O,UV; ascot*. 400.WU; losses, 3.UJ0.0»a).
Gmnania Insurance Comi any Rick* oau-nnd-
IngDecimberai, 1670, s6,oCo,ivo; assets, f.’O.OJO;
locrcc, fI.oCO.fW.
The Slate Insurance Company; Ri*k* of Decem
ber at, I&TU, |l2,oco,Lll>; acacts, gmoou lowes.
f3.ru>J CO.
Tbc Hrrac Insurance Company: Risk?. December
31. IhTP. $5,000,0CU; assets, {SSd.OOJ; losses,
sawo.tco.
The Mutual Security Insurance Company Risks
outstanding December 31.1?T<». f4,0.0,1>»; assets', ex
ciaaivu of capital stock not paid up, S&D.O.M; canlial
stock subtcnbtd but not paid np, f 181.075: loaecs,
51,1W),U0.
Ifoxr to Accommodate Our Future Huai
ties*.
To the EdVor of The Chicago Tribune:
Iwith to ofiiT to ou: citizens a few suggestions as
to the rebuilding of our city.
Let ue ko place U that ample room will be given to
occcmmodiite the business to be done by a popula
tion cf three millions of people, for, despite our great
calamity, ibis being tbc natural transfer point fur
the great Northwest, it ia perfectly safe to predict that
an Area oftnch bonndloss extent will, when jicoplcd
c\cn c? (LfckJy as iLc Eastom States, require a city
of that size to do its trading.
To this centre or tradn thorn are i>»»m tho lake, two
accessible points—tho Chlcaco and Calumet Rivera.
To-day we have only to deal with the commerce ecu*
Irirg in the Cblcsgo River; though tht« generation
will rot have passed away before the Calumet will
be as import am as to-day the Chicago is.
The commerce of the river, and of tho port which
will be formed before the city, rennirea for the pros
perity of the town cheap ttuns-bolpment. How can
this be obtained;
I answer, by dedicating to a great centra! depot an
area anfllciem for the needs of not alone all the rail
roads now centring here, bat for those which must
in the future be bnilt to meet the requirements of
ten times the present population in thu country ;ribtx
tarv to ns.
Inis can be obtained by the yielding of the portion
of tbe lake front as i icpose'd, and by subsequent
filling up of the lake as required.
But. alter this is done, how treat the river that it
may las mede, to its uimont capacity, available?
Let the railroads now having their station') and de
pot a at diffen m points in the city be given, upon equit
able tfetma, the right of way along the river to the great
depot. Let this rtcliiof war be a sufficient distance
from the river to allow ample room for warehouse? to
be built between the railroads and the river. Lot
ibis be done on tbe ronh aadwonth stdes of the main
Stream and the branches. Then every lot will be so
situated that elevators can .be built upon it, and,
order the present legislation, each warehouse or ele
vator can nave its switch, and the, Incubus under
winch tbe city baa been now lq«Jl«iiongh groaning',
the elevator ring, will no longer weigh opon our best
energies, and paralyrn and drive oft hy its high tar*
Ids. commerce which naturally right belongs
Lor crosMbff tße'riw, dispense with bridges and
build tunnels ae soon as practicable. And let all plans
yield to lid? paiamount one of giving commerce every
faculty, ao that Its interests may be upon too large a
ecr.lc.lor any moinrolr.
Eefero the railroads get these privileges, let such
proper action bo taken, as to proven»them, in their
greed for dividends, from interposing barriers be
tween us and our customers.
Let the railroads compensate the wwners of lots for
what they take, as they would IT they took the right of
wry across a farm, Ur, better still, let this ar-a and
tight of way belong to* no railroads* bnt to tbe dty.and
be free to and kept in repair by the warehouse lots
upon Its sides, by assessments upon them as for any
oilier Improvements. The increased value oftbo lots
thus created between the railroads and ths river
wvold greatly aid In compensating the owners of rbo
property to be taken. Now is the time for action,
va'ucswill never again bo so low. The month of the
ilvcrl? the natural centre, and let all commerce tend
there, with no barriers or impediments.
This Is Chicago’s opportunity. If she neglects it.
the roads south of ns will ship through their grain
by rail, and. little by little, we will find our relative
importance decrease. The lake ports will ship to the
cortb of os the grain which we have heretofore con
trolled: and every bushel that finds Its way East from
other points, instead of passing through Chicago, is a
loss to ns, nolalono of the profit? made and freight
earned, but of picflts on merchandise sold.
Let us, in the new city, have no Water street, a
disgrace in its narrowness and inconvenience. Let
us nave no’elevalor ring, conspiring with railrosds >o
levy tolls upon our natural customers, and tboecheek
cur growth; but. irking a broad, comprehensive,
view of tbe situation and Its requirements, let cs so
plan this to be tbo Metropolis of America, that free
trade and cbropctitlon will, of themselves, work for
our enduring and j.cnhjtual prosperity.
Cblccgo, Oct. 20. GEORGE 11. SLOAN'.
The Dismissals From West Volar
Tothe Editor of Th 4 Chicago Tribune:
Sib: la your lesoe of the 251b Inst. I saw report
stating that crdets Wllcon. Frazfer. Ilubbet and
ei!!«• Iwd kM* from DTd«t Pvi*i for having
shown violence toward other cadets. 1 bare a &r
different statement of tbs case from parties who
arc friends cf mine, and who arc now In at*
tccdrncc at “The Point "—one a member of the
graduating class of T2, the other a third year man.
The report as ccmlrg to me from them, la this: At
seme tine jievicna (o' tbo di»mli*al of
the fear cadet*, two of their number. Wilson and
Utiles had repaid in their own coin some taembereof
the second else* who had perpetrated an Initiative
wren them tbor.ly after their arrival at West Point.
Ihh«, enthe part of the new cadets, so exasperated
thecnca of longer standing that they determined to
mete out to Hum a more severe punishment than
they bad previously done. Somehow, the “Plebea."
•i» the fourth years arc called, got wind of the affair.
When ttetlmecame fortha carrying out of the plot
by the parties who expected to do the hazing"—
ncmberlng four—they were somewhat amazed to
Srd ttatibc force of the defensive aide was greater
than their own by two, and, moreover that they
were prepared to give them a warm reception, if
necessary for the maintatnanee of their rights. The
members of the more advanced class, who started
with no other intentions than the perpetration of a
practical Jobe, became so angered at finding them*
a.-lrce rmturaud. that they immediately threw them*
icMe upon the unoffending ones with the Intention
cf administer inc open the m a sound‘ drubbing. The
defensive aide, Wilson and Stile*, In the meantime
had obtained reinforcements, numbering four, and
named Frazier. Dobbet, Miller, and HammonJ, and
were well prepared' to defend themrelTc*. Just
prerJctib totba onslaught, made by the offenalv# aide,
the former had requested two of their number to let
the' remainder do the fighting, If they must ftshtln
order to defend their rights. MUjer and Ham*
mood were the two who did not ea*
cage themselves In tho fight, which
accounts foe iheirjfciplng wth no more severe
sentence than resimnt. In the d-aturhance which
followed, the participant* became so upeoarioua as to
f tlract the attention of official*, who quickly ran to
tl.t spot, and as quickly quelled the rebe-Uoua spirit
or So?nttftl C iwatds'aniaTeatlsatlon wai held by the
cfficial*. and, as the older class were more powerful,
(Lev succeeded In making more tainfactory annrtn
(with a little assistance from all sources), and.as aome
re e had to suffer, and the offenders had cieired them*
selves by the nke cf atrategj. why the poor Plabes”
had to tloulderthe consequences and march forth
*l tare written this short statement of the affair la.
t opts that u may meet the eye of many of the
aconslDtacces and friends of these young men, whom
j ard, «e my Informer* tell me, many ot the cidete,
corsider very unjustly dismissed. If they had not
resisted, they would hare been branded |s cowards
ty ah their fellow cadet*, aod nothing Is more odious
to the military ihote at West Point In particulg.
Chicago, Oct. 27.
BESTOBATION OF BECOBDS.
taint Session of. llic United
States, Circuit, Superior,
and Connlj Court
Judges.
Draft of a BIU to Ext end the Jurisdic
tion of Courts in Chancery, and
to Provide for the Res
toration of Lost
Records.
Tho Act Relating to the Records of
the .Courts of the United
States.
The Judges held Iheir joint session yesterday, them
helrg present Judge Blcdgett,of tho United States
District Court; Judges Foiwell, Bogers, snd Booth,
of the Circuit Court; Judge Gary, Of tbo Supe
rior Court, and Judge Wallace of the County Court.
Judge Gary, aa the Chairman of tho eub-commlttec,
'presented, aa a report, the following draft of a bill;
A BILL for an act, to he entitled “An-act to amend
Chapter 21 of the KevUed Statutes of I£i>s, to ex
tend the jurisdiction of courts in Chancery, *asd to
mate provision for the restoration of lost records,
and for additional rccurlty lor land titles.”
Section l. Thai when any bill in chancery ahall be
fileo, alleging that the complainant has any estate.
Interest, or right in, or specific lieu or encumbrance
upon. any lot, piece, or parcel of land, the evidence
whereof is wholly or in part lost, by reason of the
loss or destruction of any records, books, paper*,
.maps, or plats of any public office, tho court shall
hsvejnrisdlctioDtohearand determine the.same, if
.the Ci tnplal tu.nt claims an estate. Interest, or right of
the tame nature and extent ln,oratpeclflc lienor en
cumbrance upon, several lots, pieces, or parcels of
land, all may be included in one hill, though other
parties may be interested in some and not in all such
lots, pieces, or parcels: and several persons haring
tent'*, interests, or right in, or specific liens or en
cumbrances upon' the same lots, pieces, or parcels of
land, pointer several, may join as complainants la
Sec. i. Such bill shall state the name and residence
In full of the complainant, and describe the lot, piece,
or parcel of land, stating the section, township, and
range, where tho same ta situated, and in what part
of such eectlos.’and in what county, dty. town, or vil
-lage, and the name of anr street on which the
same abut, with the number thereof. If any, on such
street, and between what intersecting streets, and
whatenate, Interest, or right. Hen or encumbrance la
claimed, and what estate,interest, or right. lien or on*
cnmbrancc, peneral or specific, U claimed therein or
thereon by any other person, and who is In possession
of any part thereof, and the names and residences in
full ex all such persons. If known to tbo
person verifying such bill, and if not known, then
stating all facts known to such person, as to the
claims, possession, names and residences of such
persocs, and pray tho court to investigate the mat
ters alleged In such bill and by decree declare the
estate. Interest or right. Hen or encumbrance of the
compla>nsnt. Such will shall bo verified by the affi
davit of the complainant annexed thereto, stating
that the atfiaut has read, or heard read, such hill, aod
believes that aU the allegations thereof arc true, or,
if It be impossible for such complainant to make such
affidavit, the same shall be made by an agent Cf each
complainant, staling therein that he is such agent,
and the cause which prevents the same being made
by such complainant.
Sec. 3. All persons named In such bill as claiming
any eatate. Interest or right, lion for incumbrance,
or ea helrg in possession, shall be made defendants
and summons shell be served upon them, If resident*
oftblsbtste, not legs than ten days before the re
turn day thereof, by delivering a copy to them per
sonally. If they can be found: but, if they cannot bo
found, then all the facts In relation thereto shall be
shown to the court, by affidavit and the court shall
mske such order as shall appear proper for a substi
tuted sen lea, taking care that the most effectual
t=ccc9 be adopted to cive actual notice of the suit to
t neb defendant; and if any each defendant be a non
resident of this State, a copy of such summons shall bo
terl hy mail, poet paid, addressed,to ►ucli defendant,
at his residence cr probable res'dmee. n-.t less than
fifty days bcfcrc the return day thereof, ordeilvered
to tnch defendant personally not less than thirty day*
before tbo return day thereof,jind the fact of such
ctpy Icing so cent or delivers tv be proved to the
Ut url by ufllilaric,
4. A ropy c f the summons shall be published once
In each week for eight successive weeks next before
the return day thereof. In some newspaper published
at ll.c county sect of the county In winch the court I
h» Id. if there le such newspapv r, and, it not, thua lo
tie newspaiKir published netre#t thereto; but if there
be n.cro than one newspaper published at such county
scat, then the Judge cr Judges of the court orcu.tr>
hating chancery jurisdiction in such county shall re
ct-hfhlda from all such newspapers aa shall offer
ru do the si-n.e. t<ud shall award the sumo m
the t lowest bidder, -so that all each pub
lications in any ono county shall ba in
tLo fame newspnp r. Any weekly publication.
UhC(*d npon »he same day of every week. and circu
lating a weekly I tinn o mot lew Ilian 500 copies to
cctuiii rnbt-cribers during the last precedtug six
mentha, nnd no other, thafibc considered a newspa
per, within the meaning of ibis act. The publisher
of ;tuch newspaper shall .supply weekly, free of
charge, to each Judge and clerk of each coarc or
cemts a copy thereof, to bo kept to coart for refer
ence, and a recital upon the rccoras of the suit of the
fact of publication tl such summon* shall be evi
dence thereof.
See. 5. The complainant shall prepare a notice of
the bull lu the loUoHiog form
Ketkt of Suit to Secure TVlt.
:Wher r**- 1 I>rtcr*p:ioo o*property,
lurtikble. j
v.
Name ol >c
tourt.
emu-.!., i-'-o S-i Moml-y
Jau.. Is:. 1 I E. HS. E. ‘i S, IS.T.MM.
I It. I* K.JI*. M. In Chi-
I cago. Cook Couut) 111.
Superior 150 Ist Monday
v.t PE V V. >i is. T.
1 KU. tl K. 3 I*. >l.. la
Chicago, Cwok County,
and the Clerk of the court, in which the suit Is. and 1
the Recorder of Deed* of the county shall each keep 1
in their respective ctficre, books ruled and headed
with like Utica os such flotlccs, in which such com*
plalnaut shall cause the contents of such notice, ex*
ct'pitlc titles to be recorded under the appropri
ate titles, at the thne of filing each hill, and
such complainant shall also canso the contents of
stub notice, except the titles, to bo published under
like titles In the newspaper selected for tbs publics*
llrn ol srmmons, once In each week, furfour socces*
sire writs, next before to return day of the sum
mons, lie evidence of whkh publication shall bo as
before C^—*'
See. t». All persona, other than the complainant,
claiming any estate, interest or rigUL-dti.a lienor
incunitrancc, fpcclflc.or gcncral,~upon any part of
the premifctrilcfrcribed In any such bill, whether
they-tc nan>ed therein cr not, *hall he considered as
dclevidantfl thereto and may, as though they were
named as defendant’' therein, appear at any time be
fore decree and oppotd any decree affecting such
claim, and if a reasonable ground be shown to the
r came to suspect that any such bill la died with a
fraudulent or corrupt design to obtain
a decree to which (he complainant Is not
cnlliltd, the* C«urt may permit any
person to appear and oppose the prayer of the com
plainants, upon such person giving to the complain
ant bond, with sufficient security, conditioned to pay
all costs which may be awarded In favor of the com*
fiiaicant sg*ln*t such peison, and where such claim
s of an estate, interest, or right In, or specification or
incombranre upon, any part of such premises, the
evidence whereof U wholly or in part lost, as speeded
Inilioflrfl section of this act. such person mavflle
bis cross-bill In said suit, In substance the same as an
original bill under Ibb* act. making all
nl the parties to said suit defendants, and adding
such other narties ns may be necessary, if any, upon
which cioss-Mil, the fame proceeding* shall be had
In nil respects as are herein provided In the case of
original bills except Hint as to all parties who have
appeared, in such suit, a delivery of a copy of the
snmmcDS to the solicitors of snch parties shall bo a
FT.ftlc lent service. But nothing in this section con
tained shall prevent any person from filing an original
bill in any ease; nor shall a suit pending on a bill by
rry complainant prevent any other complainant from
dice and prosecuting another bill in relation, in
whole or in part, to tho same premises on all
»sch subsequent bills, all the parlies to
all former bills pending In relation. In whole or in
parr, to the same premises shall be made defendants
or the decree thereon shall be, as against them only,
of no effect; and no decree made under this act shall
bo Impeached, set aside, or in anytaanncraflected by
anydtcrce thereafter made nnon any other original
bill under this act, whether filed before or after the
fliirg of the oilglna) bill in the suit in which such de
cree was made.
7. Any person claiming an estate, interest,
or right In. or lien cr inrnmbranco upon, any lot,
piece, on pared of bod. and alleging that the evidence
whereof Is wholly or in part Kxt, by reason of the
locs or destruction of any records, books, papers,
nu.ps, or plats of any public office, may cause to be
recorded in «to office of the Kccorderol Deeds, la
the catmty where such premises are situated, a notice
describing such prerobe?, swing what estate. Inter-
Oft. or right In. or lien or encumbrance npou each
premises is claimed by such person.and that the evl
fierce thereof la wholly or In part lost, as aforesaid,
nrd the name and residence in fall of aarh person,
and If such person be a non-resident of this State,
ptailrg, also, the name and residence of some person
ii; paid county with whom a copy of any summons
ls.-ccd under this act may be loft, and all such claim
ants rbsll be made defendants by name la all bills
filed under this act. In relation to any prcm
•fes described In any soch notice: or If such
nnttcsft ho filed In each Rcconl«r’« office after
the otttrs of each wits ana more than ten uays be
fore lie return day of the original summons thereon,
pcch claimants shall be made defendants by amend
ment to such bill? and a summons sued oat and
s«nrd upon ecch cloimon as herein before provided,
and a copy thereof alro left with any person named In
pdcD notices, for that purpose aa afure«ald if such per
son can bo found in the county. No decree made
without cerupljing with this section shall be valid
against the claimant a- to ■■•bom It is neglected, but
sccbtoiicc shall bare no other effect than is in this
section provided, the onlyjohject thereof being to
prevent aajfar as possible, decrees being made with
out actual notice to all persona Interested.
tfrc.S. All pleadings subsequent to the bill shall
bo governed by the roles and practice of courts la.
ebsneerynow In force and all provisions of law tu
relation to the abatement and revival of suits in
chancery, and the general roles and practices of
courts in chancery, sot inconsistent with this act,
shall be applicable to salts under this act. Bat no
abbreviations shall be allowed In any summons, bill,
answer, decree, or other part of the proceedings la any'
•alt under this act, except In the notice of suit here
inbefore required: nor shall any erasure or interline
alien be allowed In any summons, hill, answer or
order, paper filed in any snch and If
by aeddeut any erasure or Interlineation;
become necc.'sary upon any book npon which any
part of the proceedings aic recorded, the same shall
be repeated upon the margin, and signed by tb*
Judge .before whom the proceedings are bid. Alt
numbers shall be written out In words and repealed
in figures.
Sec.fi. Tbe fbnniof tummons, bills and decrees
shall be In substance t-neb as are shown by the
schedule of this act, aad any unneeessarv departure
from each forms shall, under tbe direction of the
court, be corrected at tbe cost of the ptrty or tte
solicitor making the same, or the court may. Id its
discretion, refuse to prcceed wlih the salt, and dla
ttl«B thfß same, with liberty to the complainant to be
pin anew.-, but no such departure shall affect the
‘Validity of the proceedings, except during the mb
deucy of the suit In tbe same eourt,or tu the su
preme Court on appeal or writ of error, unless there
aylbe party questioning tbe same waa prevented
from hiving notice, actual or constrneilve. aa pro
vided by IM= act of the pendency of thla hill.
Sue. 10. Any decree made uniter this act aboil,
from and after tho adlournmeaf of the tana of tbe
court at wh ch tbe same la made, unless croaa bIU
be filed during ?nch term un<*ertbe next section, oc
unless the same te appealed from durir g such term,
and If appealed from, therefrom aad ancr th&dts
position of said appeal without reversing or madt&-
Ing such, decree, or if modified, ot new decree be.
made by tbe. Supreme Court. *t
which I the same la to modified or
made, be eorcluslre evidence of such esftts. Interest
or right In or specific Hen or upon the
premises thqrelsdcferlbed.aa may oe declared by
such decree. In fhvor'ofall persona who. coinciding
In and reiving upon such decree lugood faith without
actual notice of say adverse for a valuable eon
aldcrtUon, acquire any estate, latere*l, or tight in, or
specific Ucn or incumbrance upon such premlwf 9C
anr part thereof, ba>cd upon suck decree,
•od iccarrtd before the filing of any croao
Hll under tho next aecticn, and before actual
sot co of the suing oat of any writ of error to reverse
tho same and before the same shall have, been
actually reversed upon writ of error, or upon a writ of
Q-ror of which the person acquiring such estate. in
terest, right, specific lies or Incumbrance, had actual
sotlce belore the acquisition of such lost mentloued
ertate. Interest, right, specific Ilea or Incumbrance, In
any manner affective same; and,'such decree shall
also be conclusive evidence u afo.caaid In all other
cases until reversed or scfasldh as provided in the
next section or upon writ of error.
Sec. 11. Any person haring any estate. Interest, or
right In. or specific Hen or incumbrance upon any
premises m relation lo which any decree shall bavo
been made order ibl* act advense-lo the estate, in
terest, lisbf,* lien, or Incumbrance declared by such
decree, sn'4,wbo was not personally served with tum
mons, and who did not appear in the suit Inwbich the
same woa made, may, during or within three years
alter the adjournment of the term tt which such de
cree was made, or if such perron be within 21 years
ufsge, or of unsound mind, then within'three years
after arming at the are of 21 yean, or being restored
to sound mind, file in the
covrt In which such decree was
made, a cross-bill in substance the aamo as upu tt
which the same proceedings shall do bad aa upon a~
original bill, under this act, except'that no person
ahall be made defendants tbcre:o, or allowed toap.
pear snd oppcic the prayer of the complainant
tbetein, other then those claiming under such decree
or m possession of soma part of such premises, and
thereupon the court shall bear aod determine the
matters alleged in such cross-bill and make such de
cree as the case may require. If the complainant, in
such cross-blit, establish any estate. Interest or right
in, or specific Hen or incumbrance upon any part of
such premises Bdver>e to that declared by such
former decree, the same shall be declared by a decree
upon such cross bill, If tbo same can be done
without prejudice to the rights protected by the pro
vislonaof tcciionlO of thin act, and II not,- then the
decree shall provide Tor indemnity or compensation In
lien thereof, to be paid by the party In whose favor
such original decree was made, his heirs, executors
and adomlstraiors, such indemnity or compensation
to be ascertained by the court upon tho basis of val
ues at the time such original decree was made; and. if
any such former decree be reversed upon writof error
after the aMuleltlon of rights protected by section 10 of
this act, and by any decree made xxc.’er this act after
such rights arc acquired, any estate, Interest or right,
or specific Han or incumbrance advtrse to such pro
tected rights be declared, indemnity or compensation
thaUbe made thercrorla the manner aforesaid.
See. 13. Appeals and writs of error may be prose
cuted ftom all decrees under this act la the manner
now provided by law, except that no person other
than those who,bate, under the provisions of this
act, appeared in the court in wb.'cn the .'proceedings
were bad. or their heirs, executors, or administrators
shall be allowed to prosecute such appeals or writs of
error.
Sec. 13. Any person may require a complete
record, at his expense, to be made of all the proceed
ings In atiy suit under this act; in a book to be kept
for that purpose by the clerk of the court in which
tho decree was made, to be »Igocdbytbe judge by
whom such decree Is made, ana may also to be
recorded In the office of the recorder of deedaottba
county a copy from such complete record,' certified by
the clerk under the seal of the court; and la case of
the Jo»s or destruction of such complete record, or of
the original proceeding*, or any pa.t thereof. If there
be no copy thi reof certified by .toe e erk, under the
seal of the court, obtainable, a copy from inch record.
In the office of said recorder, duly certified by., him,
shall be evidence of such proceedings.
6or. 14. In all contests aa to soy interest, or
right !a, or any Hen of lm nmbrsnoe upon any. lot,
flccvs, or parcels of land, w. ere the original evidence,
o whole or In patt, of such.estate, interest, right.JHe«
or iLCumbrauce. cannot be obtained, and it is alleged
-that original ortcoondary evidence .of the some would
bo shown In whole or In part by the records, nooks,
papers, maps, or plats oi any public office, but for the
lose or dcetiuctiou thereof, u.c Court shall recelvs
as.evidence of such lost or destroyed records, boots,
paper*,mapr, or plats, such notes, abstracts, minute*
or copies therefrom, or what purport or
are alleged to be. as such court (hall be satisfied were
fairly and honestly, in tho ordinary course of busi
uere, ttado. and such court shall determine in rela
tion to such estates, interest*, rights, liens, sod In
cumbrances upon such evidence in relation thereto
aa ptudt ni huriae&a men, and their legal advisers
wcieaccastrmcd.
tec. 15. When any petition In tho nature of ablU
In chancery shall be filed in any court of record,
alUging that tho record of any judgment, order
or decree or sny ol the proceeding* oa
which any judgment, order or decree U
founded (other than a judgment order
cr decree for a tax or ae»casment of such court boa
bo* ti h ri «-r destroyed, the court shall have Jurisdic
tion to hear and determine tbo eamu according to the
r.lc* ai.d prrc.ice of gourta in chancery, audio ra
tion* tnch jucgmtnt, order, or decree, or any of such
I ncMdii-gt. <>r to retulera new judgment, order, or
..c«ree ujoi- such terms as may bo jtirt. and la each
n hiit-rr a- to reinstate parlies as nearly as may bo. In
tie hin ].t -iiton a- they would have b:cn in had
such retold net bt eo lust or destroyed, to act open in
ie a lc/i» tlicr, to before such loss or destruction.
feic. Id. Ihr inh-s of construction contained in
chapter U>oi theltovised btatulea of 1345 ehallbo
hj pili diu this acu
rtc. 1. Ai.d. whereas, such loss and destruction of
the »c«oui*. lu oks, papos, map* and plats Of public
htvalmds laipi-mdin of (he counties of this
btc-u-. wt.< ichy the titles of persons to e«tatoo, inter
est m d li; h: In and liens »ua incumbrances upon real
eptr.u*hioitrdcred In-euire and unmarketable,*®
tl at m mctc-ncy hat*arisen that this shontd take
fleet ln.:nctU'd cly, therefore, act shall take tffactand
bo In ton c In tn and after ua pawnee.
Ku final ac-lon was taken, the bill proposed beta*
laid our fur deliberation, an adjournment Doing or
dered.
THE U. S. RKCOHD3.
CorgroMlcral legislation for supplying the United
States Court Itccoids h.« htrclutoje been bad, the
following act Laving been approved on the 3d day
of March. lh«l.
An act relating to records of the courts of the United
Slates
Section 1. Be it enacted hr the Senate and House
cf Ilepresentatlvc* of the United states of Arucrlci. In
Cot cress assembled That whenever the record of
any judgment, or decree, or other proceedin'; of acy
Judicial court of the United States shall have been, or
shall bcieafcr be. lost or destroyed, any party or
person Intcro lcd therein roav. Ob application to such
court, and on showing to the satisfaction of each
court that the same has been lost or destroyed
without fault or neglect o; the party or per
son making such -application, obtain an order
Item such court authorizing snch defect to be sup
plied by a duly certified copy o'sach original record,
where the same can be obtained.- which certified copy
shall thereafter have the same ertect as such original
trrnrd wi'iild hare bad la «U mpma.
Sec. 9. That whenever Jbo Ju-s or destruction of
any ecch record shall have happened, or shall hero
after hapoer.- and snch defect cannot bo supplied os
provldou in tho preceding section, any party or per
nm interested therein may make a written applica
tion to the conrt to which snch record belonged,
verified by affidavit or affidavits, showing tho loss or
distinction thereof, and that certified copies thereof
cannot be obtained by the party or person making
such application, and the substance of the record »o
lest craestiojcd, and that such loss or destruction
occum d wilhoot the fcnlt or neglect of tho party or
person making snch application, and that the lose
or destruction of sneb iccord, unless supplied, wilt
or tray result. In daniage to the party or person mak
ing snch application, said court shall cause raid ap-
Slloaiitn ft* be entered of record In said court, and
ne notice thereof shall bo given by personal service
ofa cony thereof upon each and every parson Inter
ested therein, other than the party or person making
snth application, together with written notice that
on a day certain, not less titan sixty days after such
service, said application will he beard by said court:
and if upon such hearing said coart shsll be satisfied
that the statements contained In said written appil
cat cd are true, said conn sh>U make an order re
citing what was tho substance and effect of said lost
or destroyed record; which order shall be entered
of recont In said conrt. and have the same
effect, subject to intervenlm; rights, which said
original record would have bad If the same had nut
been los-t or destroyed, so- far a* concerns
the party ot* person making such applica
tion. and rhe persons wbo shall have
beoo personally served, as provided for in this sec
tion.
Sec. That 3u all causes which have been removed,
or rball hoicaf.< r be removed, to the Supreme Court
of the UnlU’dbtales—a duly certified ropy of the roe
ord of such cause remainlog'in the said Sopruma
Court—may be filed In the court from which sai.l
Cense was removed, on motion of any* party or person
civiining to b<a Interested therein: and the copy so
filed shall bare the same effect as tho original record
would have had if tho came bad not been l>*t or de
stroyed.
Broken Euglhh*
Should the coming year develop In th:-c:irrent lit
erature of England a new volume of British remark-*
cn tho United Slates, wherein the great republic shall
he graphically abhorred, a# nothing else than an In
continent pandemonium of sanguinary pnltlogs
ibroogb, honjiags-dowu. and blowings rip, the peru
ser of the following sketch of lamentable personal
adventure may safely conclude that the author of the
tint and the subject of the last are one and tho same
genuine Briton. It appears, according to the Kttnlng
wltcontin, of Milwaukee, that during the last sum
mer there came to oar prewnacdly hospita
ble shores, chiefly to effect local Insurances upon cer
tain American agencies of a largo mercantile house
in Manchester, a high-toned English gentleman, of
deep voice, impressive manners, and native hat. coat,
and whiskers, who though not exactly a convert to
the Trollope, Marryat. or Basil Qall theory of bar
taroue Yankee institutions, was yet unwilling to com
mit himself to the roseate contrary until after be had
impeded the land of the free through bis own patron
izing eye-glasses. It was the 13th dav of July when
he flirt ret foot In this city; and, noticing almost im
mediately that some exciting theme was current
amongst the citizens, he asked a Tier, y’kaow,”
what was the trouble t The ftply explal ed that the
‘•Battle of (be Boyne’’ was raging spiritedly up
town somewhere, between a couple of rcl glons of
different colors, and that a few thousand soldiers
were not courldered sc extravagant allowance by the
State Government for a carnally sanguinary proserva
tlrn of the city froi.i incidental destruction. In
short, tho astonfi-bcdand aitchless visitorfromabroad
had landed riitht In tho middle of a Hut and re
ihvfi precipitately to the doprhs of hu hotel
to at bm violently the dny on which he had sanguine
ly expected better things. Just recovering from the
shock of that alarming tint impression, another occa
sion found him standing noon the steps of the Aator
House, preparatory to a Sunday afternoon stroll op
the now quiet Broadway. A Sabbath’s stillness was
soothing to bis recently overwrought nerves, and ho
was magnanimously- relenting in some ofbU severer
Ideas respecting American customs and.
manners when a loud report, a* of heavy
artillery, startled him anew, and presently there
after a swiftly gathering crowd began hurrying
past him towards the Bat.cry. This meant that tho
boiler of a ferry-boat—the Westfield—had exploded,
with a daughter like that of-* battle; producing
KCi-nes of horror to which those of the preceding riot
bad bees tame. Firmly convinced now that “this is
a jolly nice kind of a country to live toy’ know, tho
horrified foreigner fled for his very life to Islington,
Ky.. where hie house had some trade interests, fondly
hoping to remain there in comparative rural retire
ment nntil some apparent abatement of the killing
season should give film courage to enter a larger town.
Wltb something like complacency a:last he retired
to bed in a lofry chamber of hi» hotel them on. the
ftrat night of bis arrival; only, however, to be arous
ed terrifically In an hoar thereafter by ao alarm of
Hie, andurlven headlonglnto the atreat
vantery wrap Inflames. This was a kind of Xaake*
calamltylwflch bad never before entered Into bii cal
enlatlcDsr and now It occurred to htzn that Che great-.
csttafety from this most alarming of. all American
smaremsnts mtaat’ naturally bo found la.ihoeieno
building* of the larger cities, where there were stum
fire engines and all that sort of thing* y know,**
Dencef after transacting soma business lu-’th*
Somh«eet,bs.flDslirtoiected Chicago 2hr permanent
beadouarter?, ana. became a guaat Of tha
fehermxn Bouse. All the world ia-aware that aa
such hotel la now in existence, and*possessors oT
lively aad sympathetic Imaginations mayJudnrwteV
were the bewitched English gectUrcanls col mi Dating
Impressions U the United States, during these awful
sights ord days when t he most terrible coifing ration
of history wronebt square miles o£ ruin In the won
darfrtl Garden City, listless, with, singed whiskers,
and drcvied chiefly In a-blacket, cy<*-gUaa, and old
ct&brella. he spent a day u&tlr a 'naif upon the
prairie, incessantly and Insanely repeating to him
self; What next?” aa though it'were some choice
conundrum,- Hot to rejoUe. too much over an
alien defaraer In adversity, suffice it to say that,
when last beard from, he waa at theNewhvlt House,
Milwaukee, In company .with one of the well-known
Ualmooicoe. of this city,’ on his way in this direction
to re-embatk for Europe, Being. Informed, spun
pitiful inquiry, as to tho standing ot American laaar
ancecomparles elute the fire; that >‘not-tcorerthaa
fifty bad gone up,” he la too much demoralised to
think even of enacting tho local underwriting with,
which be wee charged by his firm In Man Chester, and
will hurry back to England firmly convinced that to
be broken Into** American custom* alive require*
much mere of the properties of immortality than per
tain to the average Englishman.
~t»
'-t r.