4
I'-
BUMDAT, NOVEMBBR 5. 1871,
VmOTS NOKDTATIOSW.
Ticket fmr City and Cswolf
Officers.
Atffcce of the s*aprvnn s. Jsrae*on.
KXffoot circuit feVmrt—Lambcrt Tra*.
vTOTTrtwurer—Julian 8. Jtnraeor.
OptlT Marreror—Alexander Wolcott.
.rCaor Commlsaioser—Jaoob -Rchm.
late Senator—Artwuw Carter.
CfUij CeatmiMiMier*.
Steams. Jlancel Taleoit.
QirlatiaD Wahl, C«ter H. KurrVflU.
JWka JtmpA Joseph Harris,
cifcailM nftaheoefc. TTior. Lonergan,
3>. C, Rkellr. Julius White.
JehnOrawfarA, John Hcrtln*.
3. H. PaliLoap, Manuel Asbtoo,
Jofeph Roeße.
Pitr Officer*.
Warok—Joa»h Modill
'KNksnrer-lV A. (Ja«re.
twUector—fioorge Von IloUen-
Attcrocy-liir.wl X:
Cl Ctk P*3irO Conn—lL Ma***n.
JK*-Jfllm rar rll tl tl.
xv. li. stiotaey,
’Aldermen.
tVanb. Ward*.
3. (tiMticm* T. nows. 11. Henry Sweet
C, \riimr 12. Monroe Heath.
X Jc*»« W. Un Unties*. I*. Ooorge tv. Sherwood.
a. J. H.McAvov. U. Kara Cleveland,
fv U. IL stone. IJL J. Van! Wand,
t;. iiii’.hp lU'w.ir. iff Thou. Wool.
T. WRliam'-Uatrieish. 17. Uoorpe A. Mlseh.
CJowry. 18. Owen McCarthy.
V Januvt lU MuJtm. 18. Mahloa D. Osdeu.
In I*L ix»ud. 30. diaries L. Woodman.
Countable*.
Wants.
3 Tfcomas Pool. 11. Frederick Zaehocko.
W;hw. 12. Joseph Wilsan.
a. I 0. VlorilsJS 1- Albeit I*. HilL
a j.HkMlctC. H. Martin McCone.
r>. il o. tflAiu. 1-1. R. F. Christkn.
e Philip Connelly. j«. John 11. Robert*.
7. jato liurfci*. 17. Lonls Mercki.
S. Malttieu Fleming. is. Thomas McMahon.
V WilUaia Murphy. 19. M. Plotke.
lu joel LuiL 20. Michael Macaulcj*.
Tottm •fleers,
t'ollcrtors —JWft'l Hide—Dominick KlnetscJi.
»rlh Sld«k—s. b. Walsh.
soujh iSido-JohnW*.
BiiTicrvlaors—West side—Henry Pilgrim.
Worth Hide—Potor Mahr.
South Side—R. 1 JH'W Mlhal.
Townl’lerii"—Wewt Side—iL M. Mnler.
North side—John J. Heakr.
North Side—Louis SpiecrL
A <M)LE3IN WARNING
i* not a real estate owner in Chicago
wk# wants to see the city rebuilt, not a mer
chant who wants to have onr commerce re
newed and largely increased, not a manufac
turer. or mechanic, or laborer interested in
having Chicago take advanced strides during
tho next year, who will not be personally and
directly affected by the result of the election
aiTuestlsy next. There isnot ono of these men
who Ls not openly an advocate of the election
»>f tho Union Ticket, but advocacy alone
w ill not elect it; it will require votes. The
idling* will turn out their old inmates to vote
tlie ticket of their friends; and. unless tho
business men directly interested attend the
pdlls. the government of the city ’will be
handed over to its worst enemies.
There is an inimen-c amount of money
loaned in Chicago, on mortgage, by corpora
tions at.the Hast. These mortgages amount
to many millions of dollars. These corpora
tions have. In answer tore nests from their
debtors h*re. stated that they will wait un
til they see what Chicago will do for herself.
3f the people will electa government, com
posed of honest men—men who have not been
hivelved in any of the disreputable proceed
ings of the past—it is likely that they will
not only cxt« :sd the mortgages as they fall
due, but they will advance other millions to
restore the improvements destroyed. Tlie.sc
Companies, however, frankly state that
money loamd to build property, which is
fcubjcct to the legislation 'of a city govern
meat •lot'jfd with unlimited power a< to dis
bursement. :s. in faer. a loan subject‘to the
control of that government. If the city of
Ohieago. in her distress, has not. a proper
ftenxe of what is due to her creditors,
and to iho-e of whom sln jjsks aid: and in
sults public intelligence by deliberately
handing her city government »u all its
branches over to the control of the profes
sional mendicants who live upon public
Ijfc’sils, then they cannot expect that capital
Kill do otherwise than protect Itself accord
ingly.
It will make an immense difference to
thou.-and i oi our business men if mortgages
to the amount of ten or twelve millions of
dollars Ik> foreclosed or extended by the cor
porations win* await the result of this elec
tion to determine their action. If the mer
chants, real estate owners, builders, and
ImsincKi mm of Chicago advertise that the
city of Chicago has committed its govern
ment to the hands of the corruptionists, they
will do themselves personally, and the city
generally, a greater injury than was wrought
by Iho lire.
The only way the Union ticket can be de
le.atcd Is by the omission of business men to
vote on Tuesday, and each man who omits to
vote will oik himself a loss fargreater than
tan be rcnicdi-.-d by years of toil.
If will not. mi Tuesday, take -any voter
jiltt-en nnmitcs to go to his accustomed pre
dict and vine, and each vote, by averting
the calamrty of a bummer city government,
will avert foreclosures of mortgages, extor-.
1 innate rates of interest, contraction of busi
ness, and annihilation of credit. We there
fore appeal to the members of the Board of
tirade individually, to tho merchants and
traders, to the builders and lumbermen, to
tho mechanic* and workingmen, to receivers
:;ml shippers.— to all who wish The credit of
the city to stand fair before those of whom
we must have money with which to Imild
and repair, to sacrilieeone half-hour on Tues
day to vote for the rnbm ticket. The pres
ent election in this city is attracting univer
sal attention. It is onr first trial. The result
is to determine whether we have energy
enough to cast mVcomiptimi and inefiicieuey
and put moil known everywhere to be honest
and incorruptible in control of our city gov
ernment. Tin* w hole country is ready to help
n-. if wc will show a dispnsit ion to help our
aelvcs. If we. however, confess that we have
not hpirit. nr.r honor, nor manliness enough
to rescue tho city from the control of official
luonduanJ* ami professional corruptionists;
if wo prevo recreant to our interests; if wc
refuse to give mm hour to arrest a financial
crash Mioii.v has never befallen ns, wo will be
but inviting calamity for sake.
:»ml precipitating that ruin which wo so
lomliy profe-s our desire to prevent.
TO BI'MINEN* ZTIKIV.
If Hie business men and property-owner*
go to t!i? polio on Tuesday Jtbe Fire-Proof
Union ticket will be elected*by ten thousand
majority, -.f they are so absorbed in their
private bt. .:ness that they do not vote, the
Msillawag ticket will be elected. Thobusi
men and property-owners have tbo whole
rune in their own hands. It rests with them
tc say which ticket shall lie elected.
If they want to see the heavy money loud
er* of tho East call in their Chicago loans ami
aell out their Chicago mortgages, and take
1 heir money to some more secure place frtr in
vestment, they can accomplish all this by
tbo simple process of absenting themselves
Jrom tho polls on election day, and allowing
the city government to pass into the hands of
Jim Kcallawaes. They will have taxes
f-uough to pay iu any case. If they want to
lie. taxed out of existence they can accom
plish this also by puttering over their coun
ters on election day aud allowing the
hungry aud corrupt swarm of professional
politician* to cstahli.sh themselves in office
during the next two yearn. If the holders
real estate want the titles of all the laud
in the comity to be made a feast for dcad
l>eat lawyer* for the uext five years, they
can heip amazingly to achieve that res alt by
omitting to vote next Tuesday.
We believe that all the classes we have
named have received a scorching that will
Imng them to the polls now, even if-they
xu-ver were there before. But wo tell them
that there is need of their votes, and that if
they are not on band, doing their duty on
election day, they will repent bitterly on the
morrow, and many a long day thereafter.
The bottom seems to have fallen out of the
proud scheme in which the Tory Peers of
"England were to unite with the workingmen,
aod. agreeing upon a scries of measures, were
to outflank Mr. Gladstone and tho Liberal
party. That such a scheme was contemplated
is true. Certain Peers, unknown, made over
tures, tlirougb an agent, to a committee rep
resenting one of the trades, and asked of the
latter a statement of their demands.” The
l«njon who acted as the agent of tho Lords
:md the workingmen modified these dc
sunnds. and at last reported to the working
3uen that the Lords had aceeeded to them,
lint who the consenting Lords-are has not
Ik*cu divulged. The Marquis of Salisbury,
Who was named as one of the parties to the
treaty, repudiates it aa inadmissible, and nq
nobio Lord” has as yet bpd the courage to
avow himself its fricad. The
the particular society- of woridngmc* H
make a treaty binding upon tliu whole body.
in alto universally denied,. Mr. Disraeli has
not, to far, expressed any approval of the
measure, and, after having served as a sensa*
turn for a few weeks, tho union of the Mobil
ity and the workingmen has ceased.
HOLDEN’S 813.000.
Mr. G. C. P. Holden, we understand, de
claims that he paid “that money” over to
Mr. Gage, the City Treasurer. No dtfnht Sir.
Holden b:ta paid rom« money t# Mr. Gage, Imt
what money? Has ho ever rendered mine
eouatof all tho sums he received and the
disposition he made of them from tho 9th of
October te the 13th of Octohetf when tho
whole business was handed over to tho Relief
Society The facts are just these; On Sun
day. the 15th of October, Mr. Hidden said ho
had $15,000 in his breeches 'pocket and ho
didn’t propo&o to part with it to tho Relief
and Aid Society. On the 18th of October the
Chairman of the Executive Committee ad
dressed to Mr. Holdcu a respectful letter, re
vesting him to hand oyer that $15,000 where
it belonged. To this letter Mr. Holden
made no reply, thus tacitly holding to
liis original position—that he had the
money and meant to keep it. It
is no answer now to this to say that he has
paid money to Mr. Gage. Wo arc quite will
ing to grant that ho lias accounted for tome
money, but the question is, what money?
He has not yet explained away the fact that
ho said, puhlicly,*that ho had $15,000 which he
meant to keep, and, when requested, officially,
to account for it, declined to give an answer.
c don't mean to do Mr. Holden any injus
tice. belt wc submit that a general statement,
without any detailed account-current of his
trust as a Treasurer, that he has paid moneys
to Mr. Gage, docs not necessarily cover the
$15,000 which ho said he meant to keep, and
about which he has declined, to give any an
swer, when officially approached by the
Chairman of .the Executive Committee.
B9GVEI TO THE REAR!
It poems to bo a very bad year for public
rogues, whether of a political, religious, or
other sort. Tweed and his confederates, wiio*
for years have preyed with impunity upon
the people: of Now York, are now for the
first time brought face to face with jutite.
Hodge, tho gambling Paymaster, who stole
from the National Treasury during a long
series of years, has only this fall been forced
into a. confession, and awarded the penalty
duo to his crimes. Bullock, tho scaly Georgia
Governor, trembling under tho terror
of au imiieaclunent, has been com
pelled to resign his authority anil betake
himself to parts unknown. Brigham
Young, who has added manifold
crimes to lut> flagrant. religious imposture,
and practised them nil with impunity until
within u few weeks, is now a fugitive from
justice, surrounded by a feeble body-guard
resembling that which followed the leader
of the bogus Southern Confederacy into the
trap set tor him by our blue-coated cavalry
bo».
Indeed, circumstances scotn to confirm the
theory which some entertain, that events
move in cycles, and that the present season
i*:m epoch of retribution. The people seem
to bo generally aroused in bobalf of good
government and honesty in public men. In
Chicago we have had a terrible visitation
which has forcibly drawn our attention to all
the serious aspects of tho situation.
I fence* the people are more disposed
than usual to take the management of pub
lic attaint out of the hands of the corrupt
politicians who have packed our primaries
and dictated our nominations of late. From
this determination resulted the casting down
of the partisan burriuiw which have been
hitherto the point of vantage of the corrup
tionists. and the nomination of the Fire-
Proof Union ticket which stands elsewhere
in our columns. From this determination
will result tho election of this ticket on
Tuesday next, and the utter diacomliturc of
the demagogues and log-rollers.
TDK HOI,UK* HVHTBD OF ISSIB-
ASV E,
The Now York Tribune Ua* (ho following
upon our Chicago insnrauco business:
“It must be not a little mortifying to the peo
ple of Chicago to •list-over that their uvvu insur
ance companies arc tin- weakest ami most- dis
honestly managed of all tluit they have depended
u]K>n. Tin* statement which we print this morn
ing show* a shameful slate; of thing* in the man
agement of these Chicago concerns; ono of them
bail, in Chicago alone, risk- which amounted to
nearly twenty time?. Us u*set*. to say nothing of
their busmens outside of the citv."
This xs literally true, and is direct result
of the policy introduced by the Holden
family of taxing all Eastern and foreign in
surance companies, bo as to render it expen
sive for them to do business here. Several
European, and some fifty or more of tho best
Eastern insurance companies refused to do
business here under the Holden tax Jaws.
These laws were invented to compel our
l»eople to insure in Chicago companies, of one
of which the chief Holden wanforyeare the
principal officer. That company, the Fire
men's. has outstanding risks of $18,303,805;
assets, $:573,.V>4 This same company, with a
capital stock of §300.000. paid its stockholders
last year SBO,OOO dividends (or 40 per cent',
and from the beginning has divided among
them $1,500,000 of profits.
Ten thousand persons arc beggared to-clav
because of the bankruptcy of this company.
This is the legitimate fruit of the Holden
policy; foreign insurance companies driven
mu by high taxes in order to build uptbesa
home insurance companies.
POTATO ISC<;n.
The affairs of Cook County are managed by
committees of the Board of {Supervisors and
their employes. One of the most oifeusive
of these committees is that ou Beerhouse and
Paupers. Charles Holland. John Conlov, O.
'V. Clarke, ami W. P. Gray, four of the can
didates for County Commissioners, are mem
tiers of that committee, ami oue Xbtskcck is
County Agent.
During ouo quarter of the summer nftSTl.
this committee approved hills forpotatoe*, de
livered hy Pnsheck, to the sum of $5,000.
But the last bill was the following:
_ Chicago. Nov. 2. isn.
Cook County to James Lynch. Dr., for sou
bushels of potatoes, delivered to County
Agent ftsoojM
Coni-et. C. G. Pusheek. County Agent.
Approved by the Comiuitleo on I’oorliouse and
l*aupers: c. Holland.
Rouf.ut Clvurk.
John llL'Mi-imur,
Jons Conley.
O. w. Clarice.
VTai. I*. GuaV.
On tlic day that Mr. .fames Lynch was paid
$1 per bushel for potatoes, the following wore
the prices iu the Chicago market:
rOTATOKS—Under au increased demand and
tome slight falling off iu the supplv. this market
wnsfimifr. prices advancing about 5e per bu all
around. We now quote mixed, ou track, at 50a32c;
and straight lot* at Kn(ttc. From store sales were
making at r<oaooe for common, and at G&itsc for
good to choice. Sales Include two car loads, peach
blow*. a! (Wo.
Thi* eonnty agency is an institution of im
becility, fraud and corruption, and there is an
imperious necessity for winding it up by
the discharge of all the old committees,
.Supervisors, agents, and contractors. In this
one bill of potatoes there is a clear swindle of
100 per cent, aud it is approved by Supervisor
who are now sorehead candidates for County
Commissioners. The pest of potato bugs is
nothing compared with them.
A NOLKJIN APPEAL,
The New York Time*, gives the- following
impressive judgment upon the importance of
municipal credit. It is addressed equally to
every man in Chicago:
Burned street* maybe rebuilt.scattered trade
may lie gathered again, but the ruins of character
and of honor In a community which deliberately
accept* thieve* for It* ruler* and it* representa
tive* are without hone of restoration. Merchant*
manufacturers, hankers, and busine** men give
»ext Tuesday wholly to the work of savin* vour
city.
ftafferlog Animals.
To the Editor of The Chicago 7Vj6nkc.-
I set? a poor horse, that appears to have been
badly burned, wandering about the western part
of the city, famishing and friendless; and have
heard of another. Is there no Relief Committee
to see that the poor animals which may have eo
caped the flames shall be either fed and cared tor,
or shot and buried I The appearance on our
stxret* of any creature staggering from weakness
caused by hunger and wounds contracted In the
common danger is a burning disgrace to the city,
now returning thanks for tho generous aid ex
tended to her by other Christian communities.
Jane G. Shissuelm.
Chicago, Nov. 2.
—The late Thomas Ewing was familiarly known
ns “Solitude Ewing.” The way in which he ob
tained-this name Is thus explained: During a
discussion of the financial measures of General
Jackson's administration, to which Mr. Ewing, as
a leading Whip. Senator, was opposed, be or
claimed that, “If (he measures passed, the.busy
hum of industry would not be heard in our cities,
and tho lakes would become a desort solitude of
water.” A'Democratio wag Immediately called
him Solitude Ewing." and as a party nickname
it soon became popular. v
THE CHICA GO TP IB LIKE: SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1871.’
XIAXD titles.
Teener fr*m j.' r. L«n«r«r,
tAtf JMWor of The Chicftgo Tribune
Silt; In order to remedy the destruction of
the records, as far as possible, I believe most
•lawyers agree that it will bo necessary for
some court to degree title, for there is no satis
factory way in which tho records ean he
restored; and, in adopting a plan for estab
lishing the titles, the three most important
conditions arc:
First. That the title lobe established.shall
be good, and that the court which first passes
on the title shall have the entire confidence
of the community, to avoid prolonged litiga
tion. If wc trust it here, it will ho trusted
elsewhere,—for a non-resident does not act
on his own opinion about titles. If wo can
get a safe title now decreed by court, wo will
have n new starting point, and be relieved
from what was getting to he an onerous tax
on real-estate transactions, namely; the
expense of abstracts of title from the patent
to date.
Second. That tho title may he decreed
mxduy. Every branch of trade is affected bv
this question. There is probably no other
city in the country where so large a portion
of tho citizens are interested in tho transfer
of real estate. By the fire an immense
amount of our capital has been destroyed,
and we will be obliged to borrow. How can
we expect to borrow when we cannot show
the title to our security? Some persons say
they have saved abstracts; how can you ver
ify your abstract If you will examine tho
certificate to your abstract you will see that
the persons who made tho abstract certify
that “We have examined our indices to rec
ords of Cook Comity, and find, Ac,, &c.
Now. to some of us who know the men
who prepared these indices, this may be
satisfactory. "Will it be so to tho Eastern
money-lender, who may also fear that, the
records being gone, there will be great risk
of false swearing to establish fraudulent ti
tles. Until we can get our titles settled, wo
cannot borrow money; and, to rebuild Chi
cago, it will be greatly needed. So we must
have some relief speedily.
Third. The process to bo adopted must be
as inexpensive as possible. Many of the peo
ple interested are poor, and tiro extra expense
caused by our great disaster should bo made
as light as possible. I think the bill prepared
by Judge Gary is objectionable in several
respects. First, it is too long and particular.
If* all the details of ©very step in tho pro
ceedings are to be fixed by law, then, in ex
amining title, it will be neccessary to see, os
in a tax-title, that the law has been strictly
complied with. Whereas it should be suffi
cient that, when a proper notice Is given to
give tho court jurisdiction, the decree or
judgment of the court should be conclusive.
The substantial provisions of a bit! should
be;
First. To designate the court.
fjecond. To prescribe the notice to brine
parties before the court.
Third. To determine the rules of evidence,
so far as any change in the present rules arc
necessary.
lourtb, To provide what shall be. the ef
fect of the decree. This seems to me all that
is necessary. The court should liave au
thority to regulate the forms of proceeding.
Another objection to Judge Gary's bill is.
that it reouires the court to decide how the
title sta’iiiLs at the time the decree is enfend.
It should be limited to the time when the
records were destroyed; the records since
then show all that is'required.
.Another serious objection to Judge Gary’s
bill is, that it throws the whole work on the
present Courts of Chancery, which already
have all they can do. and tho other business
will not probably be less. We have no time
for delay, and there will be enough of this
business tdouc to keep three courts busy for
a much longer time than any of us will be
willing to wait.
In my opinion, the best plan that can be
adopted is to have a law passed authorising
the Governor, in all cases where the records
an; destroyed, to appoint Commissioners.—
say not less than three or more than nine,—
three of them to act together—who shall
hear and dctenuine'iipon the title as it stood
at the time the records were destroyed, re-
Ijortfoa court, and have the report con
tinued and a copy of t tic decree recorded,
which shall be received as evidence of title.
If we had nine Commissioners, we would
have three sub-Commissiouers. and they
would divide the work and. with such men
as the Governor could select from the
bar of this State, we would have a
tribunal which would command t lie respect
and confidence of this community: and peo
ple would be better satislied with the tinning
of such a commission on questions ef fact and
law than they would be either with a jury or
a single Judge: and I believe a large majority
of the cases would be disposed of by such
commission, the continuation by the conn
being only a matter of form. Of course, par
ties would be entitled to exception and ap
peal; but, in nine cases out of ten, there
would be no dispute, and the title would be
settled speedily; at least, so far as a decree
of court can settle it. In many cases there
will be less difficulty in proving title than
some anticipate.
By our law as it now stands, color of title,
possession for seven years, and (pavment of
taxes give good title. In proving* color of
title, the deeds bring lost, wo can prove the
contents by parol; tho jiossession and pay
ment of taxes can be proved by parol.
It may he true that possession is the best
title any man can show; but, inasmuch as
the record does not show the possession, and
as wc can probably now prove how long we
have held possession and paid taxes, we need
some law that will best enable ns to perpetu
ate that testimony. By any system which
we can adopt, wo shall be greatlv dependent
on parol testimony. How long will that tes
timony be within our control Persons arc
dying, moving away, forgetting, and every
week is adding to our difficulties.
I also suggest that proof of undisputed
}>ossi\-sion for a certain number of years—
not less than seven—l>cfore the destruction
of tho records, shall be priain facie evidence
of title.
Judge Gary, in his very lawyer-like letter
of yesterday, has suggested the difficulties
we have to deal with. They are certaiulv
important; but we must do what we can, not
what wo would. I have written this hastily,
as we do everything jnxi mur in Chicago,
hoping that suggestion and discussion may
jussisl in devising the best plan under the cir
cumstances, l. V. LeMoyni:.
Chicago, Nov. 4.
THE BUBNT DISTRICT.
Favorable Progre** in Clearing Atrny'ibr
Rubbish Preparatory to Building—A
Large Number of BricU and Frame
Mtrnctnre* Already in Conroe of Erec
tion.
The condition of the burnt di-triet on the South
Side, i* just now remarkably altered from what it
was immediately after the tire. Then a few sight
seers wandered on foot among smoking ruins
and wondered how Immense buildings could have
shrunk Into so small a space, and read the occa
sional signs, mid looked at the workmen as they
were extricating safes. Now those same streets
have on both sides, walls of brick and piles of
stone, while hundred* of teams are loading with
broken bricks, crumbling mortar, and old Iron.
and arehurrying off as rapidly as the crowded
streets will permit, to tvturu for now loads.
Then? Is everywhere life and
bustle and animation. ITere carpenter*
are working—then*, masons arc rushing np
buildings. The relics of the old city mid the
building material of the now an* laying side by
side, and the voices of aim crying This way for
your relies of the great tire," and shouting out for
More brick this way.” blcud past and future in
one absurd confusion.
It is so pleasant to see anything going up in the
burnt district that the erection of n frame build-
ing is hailed with delight, and the man who runs
up a shanty is called a public benefactor. Natur
ally prone to magnify- things as wc
are, ten bounce become a hundred, and a
two-story brick a palace. While hundreds of
building i*cnulls have been granted. Very few
have begun the erection of building*, and the
principal work now. and for some time to come,
will be the clearing away of rubbish. aud the get
ting ready to build. Naturally. uc» little time ha*
to tie spent in removing the Heap* of brick and
stone, intermingled with Iron pillars and beam*,
and. while tho tire wa* nearly four week* ago,
yet the ruin* still smoke in raanv place*, and it i*
rather difficult to manage tho heated debris.
Thl« business of clearing away i* pushing for
ward with great rapidity, about the only limit to
it being the inability to get team* and workmen.
There an* few street* when' work of this kind is
not doing and on some, like Michigan avenue—
north of Lake street, along where the iron men
wore, remarkable progre** has been made. aud
next week nil owning along tlx*re will be read}'to
begin building. Michigan avenue l* especially
noticeable at this moment, since it is the best built
up strcet.’north of Congress. The Lake Park is
now covered with completed or nearly finished
Raines, and the walls of one or two brick build
inc3 a»” e rapidly going up. There are even slde
\rll"V-1 ti-err* rn the west side of the street, frames
havp boon ntn tin, nn.Ujo or throe brick build
incs are erected or erecting. There i- now the
commercial centre, bo far CC *bC burned-out part
of the South Side Is coneernad.
There are ai*o brick store* going up on
avenue, near Madison street; on Wabash avenue,
ln-twecn Randolph and Washington on Pmnklin
near Lake street; at the corner of Dearborn
and Jackson streets; on Dearborn near Jackson
at the corners of Clark and Adams, Clark and
Madison, State and Water. Water and Wabash
avenue. Washington and Market. Market near
Madison. Washington near Franklin. Wells and
Randolph, Washington and. Dearborn, and at a
few itolnts south of Jackson street, while next
week, when the debris I* more removed, the num
ber will bo greatly increased on all these streets:
also, frame building*, some of them of consider
able size, have been erected. They meet
the eye- as one crosses Randolph street
bridge; they line Market street;
they arc on Franklin near the river, and which
ever way one turns he sees tbczn appearing.
There will not, however, be as many of them as
was once expected. It Is on the North Side tint
frame buildings arc to be looked for. South of tho
rivtr they ore to be of brick.
Work on the new sandstone front, on the south
west comer of Washington and Dearborn-si*.,
is promt sMng rapidly, as well as on The Thibcke
and First National Bank buildings. Egaa'a new
store on Madison near Well*. 1* nearly up, and the
brick block on Madlson-at.. near the river. 1*
going on with good speed. Work has also begun
on tho Clark street bridge, and it Ik hoped that it
wllibo dene before the expiration of the sixty
days required by the contract.
□Tie building erecting for the city on the Water
Lot is also rapidly approaching completion, while
Potter Palmer is hurrying up the Slate Street
Hotel as much as possible. Tho business of build
ing is thus in a very imperfect and scattered
state at present; but in two weeks more, if tho I
pleasant weather holds. It will be in a far more I
advanced and cheering condition. I
Information Wanlrd.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir; Can yon inform an old subscriber whore
tho Knickerbocker Insurance Company, of Chi
cago, hiding 1 I have been directed to I*o.
Calumet nvonuo.toXo. 9 StmtliTlaUted utrret «n*l
tu I*«. uvchuo. It to bt> unit
esl. liy giriiigtlio iufunuutlim you win
Mam scuscr:im:jjH,
CinCACO, JTov. 2.
GAMES AND PASTIMES.
BASS bat.t.
ANOTJIKR WlllTfl STOCKINO liHPKAT.
Hew York World, H«r.
An exceedingly Interesting nud well-contested
gniue wan jflayed yoAterdaj- afternoon on the Un
ion ground**, Wiliiamsburgh, between the White
Stocking nine, of Chicago, and tlie Mutual*, of
thin city. The attendance was very small, which
was the more to be regretted. a« the Chicago men
have been considerably inconvenienced by the
disaster which recently befel their oity, and a
good sum taken at the gate would have considera
bly benefited them. As it was, however, they
did not permit this to interfere with their
endeavor to win, playing an exceedingly cred
itable game throughout, and the wonder was
that, laboring under the disadvantages they
played nnder. they should have done so well. On
this occasion they appeared in the costume of the
old Eckford Club, ttielr uniforms, with their other
effects, having Ik*cii entirely destroyed during the
great lire. Bodes being slightly disabled played
right field. Instead of in bis ordinary position ns
catcher, and the want of .playing boots seemed
also to greatly Inconvenience thu White Stocking
men. For the Mutes Tike, of the Haymakers,
played second base, and Martin, of the fcckfunls,
pitched. Mr. John Crura, of the Union Club,
having been chosen umpire, game was called ab
y:OS p. in., the Mutes to the bat. In the
first inning Hatfield succeeded in reaching
the home plaK*, scoring the only run they ob
tained that inning, but the Whites, thanks to two
very bad throws by Ferguson, succeeded In tally
ing two runs. In tho second inning both allies
retired without scoring, and the third ended with
a tie at three runs each. From this out the Chi
cago man failed to manage the effective pitching
of Martin, and were whitewashed six times In
succession, but the Mutuals contrived to put on
three mu* in the fourth, two in the fifth, and four
ki tho eighth inning, thus winning by a score of
11 to 3. Egcler’s play ia the centre field was
worthy of all praise—several difficult firs 'being
taken by him with apparent ease, while Bitfield
appeared to great advantage Jut the bat. Treaey
also playedwell at the centre field. Tho lollowiug
is
THE SCORE.
CHICAGO. O. B. n. T. MUTCAt- O. R. U. T.
McAtee. 1 li 5 0 X 1 Hatfield, X 1» 1 3 4 6
Pinklumi. 2b 2 2 0 0 ratter*on,L f.. 5 0 0 0
Treaty, I. f. 2 ill rike.Sb 5 0 0 0
Duffv.s.B. 3 0 2 2 Martin,p.B 1 2
Kpjrier, C. f...;. 3 3 2 2
Millii, 0 2 111
KergiiMD, 1b..: i 3 3
Pearce,2 2 2 2
Higham, r.f... 4 i x i
Kitnmooa, c. t 0 0 0
I'oU'J, C 4 0 0 0
Ilraimock. 3b 2 Oil
Iloilo*, r. f 4 0 1 1
ZctlldD, 1’ 3 0 0 0
..27 3 C 61 Total. 27 11 IS 17
123436760
0 10 0 0 0 0 O—3
..I 0 1 S 2 0 0 4 o—ll
Total
Inning*—
Chicago
Jlutual
linns
Time o( game—Oau liuur and tventy-flvo minutes.
Tlic Kerr York Herd Id conttfliicts the utatcment
that Jimmy Wood in going to Cleveland next
neanon, ana says he is *to reorganize the Eckfonls
for the fccasou of '72 on the co-operativo principle.
NEXT VKAR'B ATHLETICS.
From the Inst possible authority we learn that
the following-named players hare been engaged
by the Athletic Club for the season of 1872; Ma
lone, catcher: Mcßride, pitcher; Mack (of the
Rockford*), first base; Fialer. second; Anson (of
the Rockford-), third; Megary (of the Ifuv
makers), short stop; Treacy (of the White Stoek
iugs). left field; Kggler (of the Mntnals). centre
field; Cutldiert, right field; Cummings (of the
Wars), and Fisher (of the Rockford*), tenth and
eleventh men.
BILLIARDS.
now t.vnMKit was swrxni.ro.
A private letter from Albert Gander! received
yesterday, contains some severe rcfiivtioijs us to
1 be manner he was treated in New York bv Chris
O’Connor. Daly’s right-hand man. The* match
was played upon a table which Daly had used for
practice, and the cushions of which wore old and
hard, the understanding being that a new cloth
and now cushions were to be supplied for the
evening of the match. When the time came Gar-
MW, to his infinite surprise and irritation, discov
ered that nothing hut new cloth had been put on
the table. Hie eiishlims being the same hard, -low
ones with whleh. as his scheming opponents had
noticed, he had lieen unable to do little nr
nothing during his brief practice, while Daly, who
had had time to thoroughly accustom himself to
the table, was entirely at home. Gamier wa* dis
appointed and aggravated at the evident unwil
llngness to accord him a fair show to win. and i-j
free to draw a comparison between Dalv’.- treat
ment in Chicago, and that which he (Gander) re
ceived in New York. Gamier is a perfect novice
in nil tho«c peculiar crooks and turn- which en
ter into the preliminaries of n billiard on
the result of which men not over-*eriipulona
have staked large Mtms.and it is altogether proba
ble that he got u long way the worst of the
thing m New York.
Tom ror.Hr.
Tom Foley has e-tablMied himself most «ati
faetorlly under the Dame* lloil-c. corner of Han?
dolph and Canal streets, where all his old friend
arc last finding him out. lit addition to tin* bill
iard.-and "sample-." Tom has added one of the
finest lunch counters in the chy. the coffee Indus a
distinctive feature of the enterprise.
AMUSEMENTS.

EVENTS or THE WEEK.
The pa-t week La* been anything but a succiw
ful one. flnanelally, for amusement enterprise.
There has I*een no lack of strong attraction, nor of
excellent entertainment, but there has been, ou
'the part of the resident public,* a lack of Inclina
tion to be entertained. People are too busily en
gaged in endeavoring to remain independent of
the Belief and Aid Society, In consultation with
the architect* and contractor*, and in maturing
plans and discussing prospects, to have any time
for the theatre. This appear*, unmistakably, to
bo the fact, and there would seem to be no good
mason why it should not be candidly stated, so
1 0M contemplating amusement enterprises
in Chicago may know what to expert.
Miss Jane Coombs and her excellent company
gave entertainments nt Standard Hall on Wed
nesday. Thursday, Friday and Saturday even
ings of last week, producing such sterling stand
ard pieces as Loudon Assurance,’' Love’s Sac
rifice,*’ The Love Chase,” the World of Fash
ion," and the Lady of Lyons,” in each of whleh
Miss Coombs has made a reputation second to no
other living artist. Yet the attendance was not
large, and the short season was not a decided
financial success.
At the Glolh* Theatre the box shoots have made
a beggarly exhibit, although the attractions were
of the very best. Miss Blanche Dcßar made her first
appearance ns lending lady” on Moudav night,
but the fact that she is the most pleasing of ac
tresses and one of the prettiest of women, that
the plays have licet) good, and the company ex
ceedingly strong, embracing such favorites as
Mr*. Stoneall. Miss Burt. Miss Maddern. and the
MK-es Mahun. and Messrs. Mortimer, Myers
Padpett. Wilson. Laugrlshc, Gross andbthers-
Kll or the-.c advantage*. which, in former times,
would have Isi-n si sure guarantee of'succes-*.
hayeutieili-fiuiedto bu-.lue»s to a paying
Tin* I«>1 three evenings of the week cui
bi-sicod the ••’Serkm* Family” and Toodlos the
the former being exceptionably strong,
with ML>s Deßaras Mr*. Delmttni, Mrs. Ptoucall
l.atfu Vrcutuly. Mivs Maddem as ilm. Torrens,
Mr. Mortimer ns C/tarles Torrens. Mr. Padgett as
VtQitrnn Aturnhu MuguireHsi psirt most admirably
sustained). Mr. LnngriMie as Aminndrtb tirek. etc.
Tin* wretched, bam-like condition of the theatre
has had much to do with the lack of patronage,
and it is a matter of surprise to those who re
member Colonel Wood*** former energv. enter
pnse and Idvrality, that he should neglect to ex*
ercise those ijua title- in the direction oftheGlolv.
Among the novelties said to In* in preparation. we
should surely include the novelty of a carpet for
that dirt-stained, creaking pine floor. We ho tv
>wn to tv able to announce that the Glolv has
wen put in condition more approaching a theatre
than u nil pit.
PROSPECTS.
It is said to tv Mr. McVirkcr's intention to re
build his theatre on the old site, ami minor also
has it that Mr. Joseph Jefferson Van Winkle will
link hi- fame and nuances with the new enter
prise.
Mr. .Samuel Myers. late of McVicker’s Theatre.
Inis secured ;u extended lease of Rice A- Jark-on’s
Hall, on est Randulph-street, Indween Jefferson
and I>e*plalnes streets, and intends remodelling It
into a neat and cosy theatre. He will probably
ui>en with a first-class minstrel troupe.
Mr. Charles Wyndham made a flying visit to tho
city last week, for the imrpe-e of arranging for a
»cason here with the Wyndham Company. It la
probable that Standard Hall will Iv the place No
date has been determined upon.
PERSidyA L.
Jonn Tngelow, tho poetess, h« contributed
lift) to the Chicago Belief Fund.
—Weston has at last broken the continuity of
lU* defeats by a success. In Macon. Go., hud
week, he walked fifty and a half miles in nine
hours forty-nine minutes and forty-five Seconds.
He walked the last half mile backward-, in eight
minutes nnd seven seconds. He did the whole
without stopping to rest.
—lt Is understood that General Sherman has
abandoned, for the present, his intended trip to
Europe, on account of the death of his fulher-ln
law, the late Hon. Thomas Ewing. O moral Sher
man is one of the executors ol the will of Mr.
Ewing, and the settlement of the estate, which is
a large one, will demand his attention. General
Sherman had intended to go on the Wabash with
Admiral Aldeu. who goes out as the, commander
of the European sqadron.
—Dr. Mary C. Putnam, -who graduated with
high honors from the University of Paris, is now
practicing in Now York, and also lecturing at the
Woman’* Medical College of the New York Infirm
ary n« Professor of Materia Mcdica.*
•—The citizens of Portsmouth. England, desire
to rai*® ‘1 memorial tojthelr fellow-townsman,
Chnrlo* DU'3*“- Mr. Dickens, it will be remem
bered, «dd In hh» Will; “I conjure my friends on
ro account to make the subject of any monu
ment. memorial or testimonial whatever. I
my claims to the remembrance of my country
uyen my published works, and to the remem
bmcoe of my friends upon their experience of
me.” The people of Portsmouth do not think that
this prevent-them from Indulging their natural
prido and erecting a monument to his memory.
—J. 11. Skinner, one of tho most noted special
correspondent* of the London press,—in Mexico
during the. reign of Maximilian. In Crete during
the rising against the Turks, with the Prussians
in their sharp and short war with Austria, and in
Prance in last year’s groat war with Germany.—u
coming over to America to lecture during the win-
-Tbp London Court JeumoJ Mrs It is rumored
tlial Lord Walter Campbell. who ha. tor aome lit
tlo time lion engaged In conuncrrlal Ufa a tho
Valtod States, is about to many tho daurhto- ot
onr of tho wealthiest American ritlrens. the pro
prietor of some of the biggest of those monstrous
establishments, tho New York hotels.”
-John Kudrin ears: "Thoughl hare kind In
vitotlcns enough to. visit America. I conW not
evrn for a couple ol months lire In a country oo
miserable as not to possess any castles.”
-Louise Holden, a lady Ircturor just appearing
this season, is pronounced by a daringly original
exchange “araiclumdlght among the ga« kero
sene. and tallow-dip* llghta which art seeking to
illuminate the leclurc-«lage.”
COMMERCIAL.
_ SXTUBDAT ET85156. NOT.
fonowia* are llie rcoeipta aafraMpnieut* of
product? at this port duriug Hie inut tweutv-four
hours, qa far as reported, 'witk tao oorreaßondiiiff
quntMcfl one year ago:
Reeeipl*. Shipment!.
»70. 1871. 1870. 1871.
6.(522 7.H71 *,964 7.952
59.815 115,282 60.221 142,214
.101.725 53,710 158.162 2»J9l
45.440 22.458 103.248 6.240
5,930 3.340 24,583 lO.ftW
18.090 9.330 2.C37 29,653
25,540 7,2CS 1,535 iZ.-
floor, brtt.
Wheat, bu„.
Com.
Oats, bu....,
Bye, lAi
Barley, Im
Grass wed, I be,
flax seed, lbs
Broom corn. lbs sar.aiff *sao £4*226
Mw 28,120 44,50u moii iio.cen
aeo c*o war 2.100
Lard, tea 00-525 41031
Tirtlovr, lbs 30,C6(j 0,210
Butter, 11)8....- 61,640 £I,OOB 20,951
Lire hop., N°
Cattle, X»0 2,128 ijtJ
ni(iea ii>e.......... rer.coo itimw 4,566 i«!?eo
Highwines, bris 400 425 337 aas
W 001, lbs 37,180 74,310 9,000 6T.880
Potatoes, bu 4,174 11,534 1,701 1,345
Lumber, in 3,100 «20 1,500 a 222
Shingles, m 1,210 C 3» 70 1479
Lath, in 85 M 317 1«1
Salt, brls 5.375 2.419 2,057
The following weretbt* receipt* and shipment*
for the week a.- compared with the same time lust
year:
Article*.
Received. SliiprwsL
__ IS7L l>i7o. 1871. IS7O.
Floor. brie 33.016 +1.610 19.597 4C.9S
WliMkt.hu 50.&52 610.1*5 325.451 1,100.991
C'wnj. bu 8M.907 203J1C 764,614 319.JW
Oats, bO. 30.554 12*»1 529.505 IJM.7M
«yo.bn 36, MS 0,334 116,126 33,010
lUrlt-y. bit 91,120 69.CS TI.6U 117,5(0
Urm-cd hog* 24 S3
Uvcliop* 51,534 33.125 31.834 ”5171
l‘«ttle. 9,356 12,227 4,495 5,611
Withdraw* for city consumption yesterday,
i.WT tm wueai; 2.419 im corn: C2U tm barlev.
The following grain has been inspected into
store up to 10 o'clock this morning: no cars
wheat; 241 care com; 10.500 bu No. 2 d 6; 5.000 bu
rejected do; 44 cars oats; 23.3*0 bu No. 3 do; 14
curt rye; 35 cars barley. Total WSO cars), 300,000
There was a slightly easier feeling In the grain
market* to-day, but they were again active, both
speculatively and for shipment. The easier fool
lug was due to a rather weak tone in New York
which seems to arise from the certainty of further
liberal receipts from the West. The shipping de
mand was good, scvcral.partles taking hold wil
lingly at the redaction recently established, as
Ibey wish to take advantage of the lower rates of
freight now ruling toy lake, which will soon toe
closed. If this grain arrives In New Yorkbytho
beginning of winter. It will pay well. In competi
tion with that received there per the higher tariff
all mil route. And there is no doubt that New
York will want very large quantities this winter.
Lower prices always stimulate consumption. Up
to n week ago New York had received
piuco January last 20,000,C00 bn wheat,
and 23.250.0u0 bu corn, against
17,000X100 bn wheat, and 7,250,000 bu com m same
time la«t year, and yet their stocks thcrourc small.
The enormous increase in the consumption of coni
Is partially attributable to the dry seasoa. which
caused a material diminution In the supply of feed
and pasture.
The shipping Inquiry was. however, rather loss
active than yesterday—as is usual on Saturday.
Bui there was a larger amount of speculative
trading, and the indications arc that before long
the volume of business in this direction will be
equal to that before the lire.
|kThe resolutions offered yesterday by E. B. Stev
ens. asking the Insurance companies to reduce
their rates on grain and warehouses, were adopted
to-day without dissent, and a committee of three
appointed to visit the officers of the insurance
companies, and press the matter on their atten
tion. The committee consists of E. B. Stevens, J.
B. Lyon, and B. F. Murphey.
llighwiuos were inactive and weak, being nom
inally mac lower. There were uo buyers at over
UW4V M\kV UU
tve. and there were probably parties who would
have Item glad to sell nt Stic.
Lake freights were dull and I*3C lower, on tlic
basis of 6Me wheat. Sc corn, and tic oats by sail
to Buffalo. Through rates were quoted un
mklyiuged at 30e on wheat, and aic on eorn, to
Notwithstanding the duluess in the
freurhtntarket.lt is believed that arrangements
are making to ship out large quantities of grain.
A total of five gram charters was reported to-day.
which will carry out 55,000 lm wheat. 13.000 bu
corn. OS.ftty bu oats, uud 35,0w bu wheat or com at
shipper's option.
I'rovisions were moderately active, being in
good request, though lings were quiet, and a
shade easier. Mess jtork was in demand, and the
preference heretofore exiting in favor of old
m arly vanished.the market closing at *l2.90:»13,oo
for cash hits 12.75a12.h7 1-2 for seller December;
12.57 MaU.uu for seller Januarv; 13.15a13.25 for
siller Febnmry; and 13.27 1-2 for seller March,
mud was also tinner than our recent quotations,
at 7-k* cash; 8 3-4e fordo seller Jauuarv; and
8 3-4 aH 7-8e for do seller Februarv. A jew old
short ribs now hero are quotable at* o l-2e. .Sweet
plekled bams at 10i-2ullc. Green meats were
limited at 3 7-8e for shoulders 5 3-4 c for short rib
and 7a7 Mo for ham-. New meats, salted, fur de
livery In DeeemlH.T, were quoted at 4 l-2o for
shoulders, and 6 l-4e for short ribs.
Mess l»cef, g.oo; extra mess do. 11.00
packers* tallow, 8 3-4a9e. Sales were reported of
i-'-o hi in mess iKirk at *in.oo; 1,000 tirls do at
512.W 1-2; 100 brls do at *12.83; 230 brls Jo seller
March at *13.37 1-2; 200 us lard at H3-4e; 20 Us
odd) do at IV; 200 tes do oil private terms; 230 tes
do seller January at a 3-le: 500 tes do seller Feb
ruary on private term-; notes gut lard at H Me:
2,200 tes gnim barns at 7e: 100 brls extra mess beef
at fci.Ou; ico brls mesa Ivcf at s*.oo; 25 beef hams at
*20.00.
Dressed hogs pm in their flrlt appearance to
day. A lot of 3 was sold at *4.73. averaging 220 lbs
Hour was quiet, with only a light local demand
and a small inquiry for low grades for shipment,
ttile* were roporti-dof 100 brls white winter extra*
(Magnolia) at so; 100 brls do at *8.10; 30 brls do
nt *7.25; lid brls do at *0.75; 500 brls spring extra*
(Big Loaf). 4IX) brls (Davis), and 100 brl* do not
named nt *0.75: 130 brls do at *6.25; so brls do at
*6.no; ion brls do ou private terms; 23 brls rve
Hour nt *4.00 65 brl* buckwheat fiour at *7.co; ‘SO
brls do at *7.00. Total, 1,770 brls. Also 10 tons
bran at *14.50 on track.
Wheat was Me lower, hut moderatelv active,
chiefly on speculative account, and that for the
last half of this mouth, being easier in sympathy
with n quiet market In New York. The option
opened at *1.19 M. fell off l-4e, improved to $1.19
5-8, and clownl at $1.19 1-9. Seller the month was
dun and little liettcr than nominal at sl.inal.lß H.
closing at *l.lß. Seller December sold at $1.20 i-4a1.20
1-2. Cash No. 2 spring was in fair request, in cer
tain houses. where part cargoes had already been
received—silherwise it was hut little warned. The
other grades were in little demand. No. I sprln
was nominal at *1.21 l-2ai.22. Winter wheat nomi
nal at *1.30 fur No. 1 red. ami $1.25 for No red.
Cash sales wore reports! of 1.400 bu No. a spriii l
at *l.lß 1-2; 41.200 Undo at *UH 1-4; 23.400 bu do at
frl.lß fioo bu No. 3 spring at $1.12; I.COO bu do at
1,00 b re)w:,,:a 51.03. Total,
as l 0 at lvr a l-2o lower, but
firm at the decline, there being several buyers for
shipment, who took up all the car loads offered
”*0 closed firm at 47 s-Be.
S r he flra.halfpf November was In fair de
mnml to fill shorts: It opened nt 47 He. and dosed
1 2 Bel k t t^ e was dull at 45 i-2a
45 Me. Rejected closed at 44 l-2c. Cash sales
wera reported of 2.400 bu No. 2 at 47 5-8 c; 68.0U0 bu
do, at 4, l-2c;3oobu kiln dried do*at 44 l-2c; 10 000
bu rejected at 41 l-2c; 3.200 bu do at 44 Ho* I‘HW
1K1.2C0 1m“° 5,C0 bUd at 17 Wl-1 alloat Tutal.
Oata wore active anil Me Usher, thon-Ii with
no from .New York: Tiiw.Jf?S
(.•coil many olilppinir nnlers bore, bronolit out bv
an anticipation tlmt feed will prove t«» lm se-iree
H-foiv the winter is over. The demand for cash
lots brought out a good speculative inquiry The
3-W tor regular, and
for fresh receipts in special houses
V° V;** 30 J l HCller the month; 30 3-4a3le seller la-t
Jmlf do; ;ii l-4a3l l-2e -idler December; and 32 l-4a
,12 l-‘Je seller January- All elo-eil firm. Cash sales
Were reported of H.hoi) bu at 3le. T.tioo bu at 30 7-8e
bu at 30 3-ic. 14.800 bu at ao.va, bn at
30 Me; 1.200 bu rejected at 27c; 1,200 bu do (Cen
tral) at 27 3-4 C. Total. 76.200 bu.
Dye was In demand, and more active, but weak
at yesterday’s inside price. Sales were: 17/W bu
at 5“ Me. Rejected was nominal at 510
Hurley was quiet, but firm at tho decline
reached yesterday, and closed steady Sales of
cash lot* were; I.COO bu No. 2at 54c; 1,200 lm do at
53 l-2c; 4IX) bu do. at S3 l-4c; 1.200 bu wiccted ut
4tt-ic:2.4oobudo,«t 44r; C.ooobu by-ample to ar
rive at 70c 400 bu do at 65c: 500 bu do at Coc* 400
bufdo at 55c. Tidal. 14.100 bu.
The Davenport Gazette, of the 3d Inst, says:
‘•The second annual meeting of the Mississippi
juvit lapping Company was held at the Burti*
House yesterday. The assomblace embraced a
larp-r amount of capita! than is often combined In
one meeting of business men. Over three-fourths
of all the saw mill capital between Winona and
M. Louis, which amount to millions, was repre
sented. One of the questions considered at the
meeting was the lopping Interest of the Chippewa
Liver. nnd subscriptions to the amount of over
tyOO.fvO were made for the purchase of logs on
toat stream the coming winter. This hcavv sum
indicate* somewhat the financial standing of tho
gentlemen in attendance.”
LATER
In the afternoon there was nothing
doing in produce. One or two parties bid tt.l9
for No. 2 spring wheat, seller last half, but no
sales were reported.
POLinCAI,
TO THE TAX-PAYEES
OF CHICAGO.
TO WILLIAM J. ONAHAK, ESQ.,
City Collector:
Pkar Pin: We, the undersigned, tax-payer* of thia
city. representing various important interest*. haring
had the opportunity during the pa*t two year* of
acquainting oursolvc* by personal observation in
buslne** Intercourse with yon, of the efficient and
creditable manner In which you organlxed and man
aged the affair* of your office, and the great zeal and
vigilance with which you protected tho taxpayer*
take tide manner of erpreaslng oar unqualified satis
faction with your administration, and. at the same
time, hellcre that the public interest* win be sub
►erred by your re-election. Aa we learn that the
records .of your office hare been totally destroyed la
the late hr**, we deem it donbly Important that you
should be returned in the position, whoa you. if any
one can. may be enabled to set about their restoration,
and. at the same time, be enabled to serve the tax
payers with the teal and energy that has hitherto
signal! zed your administration.
Signed.
jj 77- IT one re, L. Hoodies*.
fhn*. V. 2.'' pc -Manufacturers’ National
Kami. 11,
jj j Waiver Ira Hollars,
Vm, d. Kerf'oot, T* l Commercial Nalloaa
James M. Marshall. a»£s*-
Joo. r. OUnger. M. D. BnchJVaiTu Caahler.
Wo. Harnett, Mattock* MasOn,
Dccgett, Bassett A Hills. TTm. Cochrane,
John DeSorcn. Carter H. Harriaon,
George Sturgea. John HSUngahead,
F. C. Taylor, Henry FOkWln.
Albert Crosby. Thomas Eckardt.
Banl. M. Boone. And many caber*.
BANKING.
MANUFACTURERS’
MTIONAI BASE,
454 Wabash-av.
WEST SIDE BRANCH.
S3 W. Washingtoji-st.
OCcr beers fnrm 10 a, a. It i. p, m, *?C
rfufg ctticilcd.
IKSTTRAWCE.
RELIABLE
FIRE INSURANCE
em Sisnood
Losses by the Big Fire
PAID TO DATE.
The “Underwriters’ Agency,”
of-New York, have been adjust
ing and paying claims since day
after the Fire.
Sight Drafts given on New
York.
The following sufferers by
the recent calamity had the
security of an Underwriter s'
Policy
c. Gossage c«.,
Isaac H. Barth,
Harry Pox,
Goo. F. Ramsey,
Sirs. Hary Bosch,
Jno. H* Dunham,
hartley. Ailing Co.,
Bam*l 8. White,
D. B. Fisk Co.,
L, Silverman, Trustee,
ffn. B. Ogden,
Capt. J. C. Hyman,
Thompson Templeton,
W. J. qoan Co.,
Sweet, Dempster Co.,
Buchanan, Carpenter* Co.
E, B. Bacon,
Pcshllgo Co’y,
Esmay, Simmons Co..
D. H. Eldridge,
M. F. Cavanagb,
Hiram Wheeler,
S. H. Ransom Co.,
By. T. Thompson Co.,
Arthur Farrar Co.,
R. Klceman Co.,
flm. Harlha J. Barbie,
s!orse, Loomis Co.,
Enos Johnson, Jr.,
Colon Akron Cement Co*y,
Wm. B. O'Doooghne,
H. Haddock,
Stephen Swiff,
Hart, Asten Co.,
Alex'r Johnston,
J. B. Hobbs Co*,
Walker, Oakley Co.,
Chas. J. Bishop, Set’y,
BenJ. Lombard,
S. itlckcrson,
S. P. Sladden Co.,
Brigham k Jones,
C. T. WUt,
Belding, Bros. Co.,
Charles 51, Hove,
Charles H. Gardiner,
Jameson florae,
A. S. Esmay Co*.
T. T. Hartlgan,
A. C. Tanderbnrgfa,
D. H. Wells Co.,
J. C. Hilton,
northwestern Paper Co'y.
n. c. Weston,
Andrew Bennett,
Thos. Rooeo,
T. D. Snyder,.
John Smith,
Wm. Schade,
John Aiefs,
Peter Simon,
J. T. Clarkson,
fllss 51. E. Whiting,
Geo, flafhews,
Halchlnson Luff,
W.T. Hancock,
J. J. Ormond,
(Hghton Bathbooe,
A. G. Wilder,
Wm, E. Fowler,
Wm. fl. Johnston,
H. D. Frillman,
P. IT. Could,
J. 0. Perry,
Jas. 51. Rills,
J. A. flclfeal,
Wm. H. Smith,
E. Dawes Co.,
A. B. Edvards,
By. BHUer,
MrsT Celia Hamthall,
Geo. H. Hess,
Baldwin Stone,
L. H. Cox,
Mrs. flargt Knoepfel,
Sirs, flary Brltlla,
L. D. Foss Co.,
Chas* Barnes,
0. B. Green,
S. D. fleTeal,
fllss Sarah E. Drake,
14,600.
9,200.
10,000.
9,083,58
8,181.81
7.666.90
7.000.
6,897.
6.533.91
6.000.
5,996.88
5.000.
5.000.
5.000.
5.000.
5.000.
5.000.
5.000.
5.000.
4,974.9-»
5.000.
4,800.
4,333.33
3,916.66
3,473.35
3.109.38
3.000.
3.000.
3.000.
3.000.
2.500.
2,509.
2.500.
2,194.11
2.000.
2,000.
2,000.
2,000.
1,900.
1,659.55
1,750.83
1,530.
1.500.
1.500.
1.400.
1.400.
1.300.
1.500.
1.300.
1.300.
1.300.
1,635.
1.863.50
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
978.
950.
900.
701.94
637.59
631.
600.
600.
598.
525.
500.
449.86
437.45
800.
400.
300.
256.
275.
236.60
200.
234.50
230.
200.
150.
Cash Assets, after paying
Chicago Losses,
82,500,000.
Agencies in all the prom
inent Cities and Totals
throughout theUnitedStates.
Fire Bisks Accepted
AT THE
LOCAL OFFICES,
62 South Canal-st.
(SECOND FLOOR), AND
475 Wabash-av.
OGDEN,
SHELDON
SCUDDER,
AGENTS.
ADJUSTING OFFICES,
€0 South Canal-st., Second Floor,
HARTFORD
Fire Insurance CL
IIABTFOEl). 69XN.
CHARTERED 1810.
Cash Capital, $1,000,000.90,
Cash Surplus over Capital before Chicago
Fire, $1,800,000.00.
At a meeting of the Beard a t Directors of th?«
Company held October 31, the following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
That the capital stock of tbfa ■ban
be kept at OKB B3LLIOIT DOLLABS, and also a
re-lnsuraace fond sufficient to meat the require
ments of the Insurance Department of the several
States, and should any deficiency appear in the
re-insurance reserve after settlement of
lessee, the same shall be made good/*
<3-- F. BIS^ELL,
General Agent,
Office Cor. Washington Green-st.
Applications for Insurance received If
B.IC. UOOBZ A CO., City Agents,
379 Wabaah-av. and 68 Cual-ct
Underwriters’ Agency,
$29,000.
20,000*
10,050.
12,000.
11,085.32
11,000.
10,000.
10,000.
10,000.
OF ITETW YORK.
Cash issets, liter paying Shltago Losses,
$2,500,000.
We are paying losses In full as fast as ad
justed, by Sight Draft, on Sen York.
ADJUSTING OFFICE,
60 South Cimal-sl.,
SECOND FLOOR.
10,000.
FIRE INSURANCE
Blgbs written on Dwellings unit oitjer prop*
crly, at the tool Offices,
69 South C'anal-st., Hit floor,
and *175 UVtfiH.vft-tti'.
WES, SlltllM titIHEII,
A&E>TS.
Hit Bril
MrailKCo.,
LONDON AND EDIBOEGH,
Capital Assets,
•ifter £oiin. orrr
$12,000,000 Gold.
American Deposits rc>
main intact.
Policies issued and losses
adjusted by
s.m.m:ooee&co.,
A.GISJCX.S,
379 Wabasli-av.. f,B
South (anal-st
Solid Fire Insurance
IMPERIAL
FIRE IYSIRWCE
COMPANY
LONDON
ASSETs<.
Over $8,000,000
COLD.
This is the only English Insur
ance Company represented in Chi
cago whose business is exclusively
Fire Insurance.
Property-owners will consnlt
their best interests by protecting
fhemselres with policies in the IM
PERIAL.
DAVIS REQUA,
aoe^ts.
Room 2, No. 40 South Canal-st.,
808 Michig^n-av.
Kami Notice.
The Adjusting Office on Merchandise,
Household Furniture, and contents of
Buildings, of the LIVEfiPOiL IOH
DOH GLOBE rSSTJEAHCE CO. has
been removed to
669 WABASH-AV.,
where every possible facility will be af
forded for the settlement of rlai™. and
as fast-as the losses can be adjusted.
Proofs of Loss will be made up for the
assured on the Company’s Blanks, All
persons who have not yet registered their
claims are requested to do so without
further delay. A. J. WMTEETOH,
Adjuster.
CLEVELAND
INSURANCE CO.
At is very important flint all
<lali^' s °n this Company should
Be filed Wo. 92 West Washing
lou-st. during e Present week.
J. S. HARRIS. Adjuster.
MISCEIiANEOtT.?'
NOTICE.
of the fire kp
Ony lo^inß lintinn* for peritMlcala.
r*Rr'-noecriMlon hooka wereall ucdtrorcd 4 if «MtiM
]}fSURAHCE»
AND
OIT
Hare new In stock a full and fresh line of NOTIONS.
DRUGGISTS* SUNDRIES, WALLETS, etc. Send
in your orders. Come and see os.
Michlgan-av., bet. Van Buren
and Congress-sts.
Life Boat Ledge, No. 1,000, I. O. CK T.
Will meet at the Mi.-u.ioa school. sss Thinl-av.. on
Tr.urxlflj ev trios. Nc.v. for election of officers aatl
ether Micelai huslncMi. All of the members are co
quetted to he present.
MTLUNERT.
HilliH
Importers and Jobbers of
MILLINERY
GOODS,
Ns. 369 Wabash-av.
No. 535 Broadway. New York.
Attention Buyers.
H. W. J. M. WetherelL
369 WABASH-AV.
As parties from abroad have
circulated reports among the
trade in the country that we
were nnahle to fill orders for
Millinery Goods, we wish it
known that such mmol's are
FALSE, and that we are pre
pared with a large and well se
lected stock to fill orders as be
fore the fire. We invite the at
tention of the trade generally,
and promise entire satisfaction.
LV.yiWMH.
369 WABASH-AV.
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY!
We would inform our patrons
that our stock is now
and we are now prepared to
wait on them and to fill their
orders with despatch. Our now
stock has been selected with
reference to the season, and we
offer the same at the lowest
market prices.
Special inducements to cash
buyers.
TURNER'S
Hat and Frame Manufactory,
formerly ill Lakc-st, uytr locate *t
167' Twenf y-sccoml-sf,
bet’n-cn Jjlatc-st ami Wabash-at.
lower Prices tlian before the Fire.
BUSINESS CARDS.
M. KRONBERG
No. 395 Wabash-av.
Just received from Jtov Vork
and Europe, a complete stock of
WATCHES,
JEWELRY,
Sol Silver efl Platei Ware,
Toys and Albums.
CAEES SOI.ICITED, and orders
promptly filled.
omen on
SWEET, DEMPSTER CO.,
WHoLE.-sALK DKAI-iIRS IN
Mats, Caps, and Furs,
59 .t G1 W. Washington-st.
We take sffvat in acknowlcilffine the receipt
of tin* full ainirunt of our claims the LONDON,
LrVEItPOOI.gt OLOHK.amI the L'NDKRWiIITKUS
ot New Yurt, arat would txinlially recommend them t<J
all parties, set-kin? Arsl-t-Lies hi'iirance.
fcWKET. DKMrsTKU CO..
niivatro. Nov. t. ivn. aUd
Architects’
Engineers’ Snpplies.
I am receiving daily new goods, Draw
ing Papers, and Draughtsmen’s Instru
ments of all descriptions; Genuine Chi
nese and Japanese Inks.
J. G. liANGGTJTH, Optician,
2^useuL Band lph Bt formerl y under
INDOW GLASS,
PAINTS,
Oils and Yarmshcs.
ALSTON, DEVOE &m,
Office and Warehouse.
59 to 61 North Df splaines-st
E. C. Lawrence. n. Pmum.
E.C. LAWREJVCE&CO.
CROCKERY,
eHIJf.AAJSTD GLASSWARE,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL,
No. 487 Wabash-av.
SAIT! CEMENT!
rrai stocks oviiuro.
Orders filled promptly.
RASKIN, MARTIN WHEELER,
Office temporarily at
686 SOUTH CAUAX-ST., CHICAGO.
READY.
GILLETT, TITUS CO.
I. O. O. F.