ILLINOIS.
State Hoard of Eaualliatlon-ReporU
of Committees Person*! Proposed
Transfer of Cook Ccnuty Charitable
liiKtltntlons.
Sp. e ini IV*pitch to the Chicago Tribune.
SmxcrjKLO. I*l., Oct. 23.—Tho Stale Board of
Equalization is still in session, but will probably
-•ljotim to-morrow. The Committee on General
Fqnalization.harirg been instructed by the board
.m their consideration of the reports of Ihosev
rr>! committees, vii; On land, town and city
lot-, r.ilin’sd end personal property; to ascertain
ii foch property was assessed relatively upon on
»*qual basis. and if they found
one class assessed relatively lower
ihrn another, that they should add to or
deduct from .such a per cent *l Would produce
ccu-dizition in the several classes, to-day made
ihcirreport to ihecommittee, have ascertained
that property fias been assessed twenty-fire
vrr cent lower than any other property, and
that the excess produced by the
n-iJition of 25 per cent to railroad assessments
would ha five and one-half million dollars,
or n sum cqaal to 1 per cent of the
crand aggregate of assessment of the State; and
the committee have recommended that 2S per
oent be added to railroad property, and 1 j er
cent bo deducted from the assessment of all otocr
clasps of properly as it was fixed by the respeo
:ivo committees.
Governor Palmer and Adjutant General DHccr
Jvlt for Chicago this morning for the purpose ol
amicably arranging if possible the conflict ot
inihoniy. between the State and
•ho United States military departments.
V understood that all of
the United State* troops nowon dntyin Chica
go will be returned to their respective posts, and
t..nt the Governor will assume all con-
Uol of the.. citizen soldier* and
>usb other military ns may be needed
in HSsUtii g ths police of Chicago in keeping the
pi-ace and safely of the cliy.
Win.s, S-’cretary of the State
il. ard of Public Charities, goes to Chicago to
nigh; to meet the members of
the board, there being some talk in Legislative
circles ol a project for the State to
tsko cnhlrol of the Cook County charita
ble institutions for the next two years, ’ihe
board will, after an examination ol the various
institutions, instruct their Secretary to prepare
statement of facts to lay before the General As
sembly at its session in November.
Tlic Episcopalians.
BaLtixobE, Oct. 22.—1n tbo Episcopal Convention
nit-Mtce «*i received fiom the Boom of Bletmpe
Nitiiouncieg tb«* acceptance of the resignation of
Kiel.i Kev. Ur. Payne, mUslonary bubop at Cape
1* laias. Africa.
The Convention considered and pasted amend
ments to Canon is. Title i, reported and recommend
ol hy the t-ummlttoe on Canons,relating to the relief
*>f dioceses, mod providing that a diocese without a
hirbop. or in which the hUuop is, fur tho time, uu-ler
thc.iMUty by reason of judicial sentence, or in any
part of the diocese, whereby the bishop eanuot in
person duly exercise the functions of his office, may.
hr set ol the contention. Ur placet! under the fall
pixcopal charge and authority of tho bishop of
aueiiit-r dioceaoor missionary bishop. This provision
i- 'Specially intended lor ins relief ot dioevecs in
Matos and Territories in the West.
Th» amended Article 6, relative to the admission
of churches and tbo formation of new and admission
of Ula dl»ce»ra, wm adi-picU—so cu 90. Coder itils uv
t.eurdioces- can be formed without the consent of
the bishop ana convection of the diocese as well as
the general convention. Kb city can form more tbau
one diocese. Ko new dioceee can contain 1-ss than
six parishes, nor any diocese be reduced to less than
twtdve par.ahe«.
The Committee on BeUgious Ceform In Italy was
continued.
Auer an interesting discourse from Dean Howson,
of Chester, the honse adopted th* prcpo<ed canon
relative to the organization of the Board of Missions
triennially by both bou»es.
The report of the Commttleo of Conference provid
in C for a royally of 2 per cent on all tales of the new
hymnal to be appropriated to the relief of widow*
and orphans’ deceased clergymen, and disabled cler
gymen, wo* adopted. Also, the report and resolu
tions providing for the establishment of the order ol
deaconesses.
Th»> <£der of the day, ritual uniformity, was de
bated tn. recess.
At ths session of the convention to-night tho Com
mittee OB Cannons reported against the request ol
the Uouseof bishops tor a Committee of Conference
•>u the subject of an abbreviated form of morning
and evening service on special occasions. Dr. Haight
statiug that it was too lato in the general session to
net on tbs question.
Several messages of minor importance were re
ceived from the iliaiioiw.
■1 he convention then took up the amended canons
on theological education, which were discussed at
length, amended ana passed. The convention then
adjourned.
XTres at the East.
I.ociiestxb, N. T., Oct. 23.—Extrusive fires are pre
vailing in the swamp* and woods of Monroe, Niac*-
r», Genesee. Wayne, and Seneca Counties. The
wimi hat been blowing m perfect gale since yesterday,
nnd much anxiety is (el; throughout the horning dis
trict. The smoke obscures the sun to such so extent
that lights have to be used in the tiiiildlugs to-day iu
this city. Reports are constantly coming ia of fires
in all directions.
Avßi'BX, J». y., Oct. 23.—About three acres oi
forest, known as Cbcstnnt Ridge, near this city,
1 urru-d yesterday. The flames wete subdued by la
borers aod people of the neighborhood. The Moot*-
-/iirna manbes have been burning for several days.
’I hi-se marshes are throe miles wide and about twelve
long.
Tcny. S. Y.. Oct. 23,-The woods near ths Shaker
M-ttlemeut. about six mil-s from here, are on firs,
and it is feared that considerable damage will Im
done.
JU'MDOCT. N. Y., 13.—A largo fire Is rugiag in the
Shaw-agouk Mountains, near Port llixou. Several
hundred acres are already burned over. A Urge
tile is ragms in the woods at f lathush, near Uou-
Cant.
Rociiestex. N. Y.. Oct. n.-Tbis city is enveloped
in moke. Reports are constantly arriving of fin-s
raging in the woods throughout the county. Two
1- rm-honset and other buildings, near Walwortn,
Wuyne County, are reported burned. Houses, straw,
buy slacks, with the large woods opposite Senec
•Point. Canandaigua Lake, burned to-day. It is also
imported that a man was horned to death. A rumor
times from Albion that th* Prussian settlement at
>«<r h Albion. Orleans County, was burned lu-day.
The wind has subsided this evening. The country i*
iy dry. and there are no hopes of the fire being ex
tinguished until heavy rains occur.
Marine l>lo«tatcra.
roLLTNCWooL, Oct. 22.—The schooner Plu-bo (‘athe
nrine. of i'ictoo. loaded with lJu barrels ot c>ial nit for
this port, ran ashore between lloire I-t.ind and
Manitoba in the late gale, aod isliiuw sciiltied. !-ev.
ral hundred barrels of flour have Ix-en washed
(■shore ia this vicinity within the past few days.
Tho Lapettr, nflJuroti, was towed into this harbor
on Friday, waterlogged.
Tho tur Doty was scuttled inside the main station,
nt Point Harwell, yesterday.
The bng Saxon, from lluflalo. lost her rndder and
moot of her convae. mod was towed Into this port on
Triday.
'Jlie Auden Insurance Company Ite
oolvct to Pay Its Chicago Losses.
CINciNKATi, Oct. 23.—The Hoard of Directors of
the Andes Insurance t.’ompanr recelTud the report of
•t lir Adjuster from Chlcegu lo.d*r. sod Ilia losses be.
ins «»>ote the amount first reported, it vn nusui*
niouily resolred to p«r sit proper losses In Chlbsc**.
uml receive from the stockb‘<Mers subscription ot
t.'iOO.OUi to make good tlu technical impairment ol
The capital and continue business. Thirteen stock*
holders present sul-scrlbed the pro rata amount be.
fore the meeting adjourned.
YEWS BY MAIL.
—The Republicans o{ the Eighteenth Sena
torial District of Illinois have nominated Dr.
John F. Daggett, of Lock port, for State Senator.
—Foil reports of the last German expedition
to the North Pole are published. It is claimed
that the expedition was eaccesstal. A polar era
v&- discovered, fro© of ice and swarming Kith
-win!©*.
—Carrie Monforl, of Boston, known an the
Fat Girl," died at tea, on.board the steamship
Virgo, of disease of tbo heart, on the 12tli inM,
bbe «u 9 years of age and weighed nearly 400
nunda. Shawas on her way to Georgia lor ex*
liibition.
—An extensive robbery was committed in the
town nf Woodbury. Conn., last Thursday night.
A safe was opened in which was some $17,000
bit-lunging to the town, which was taken. Other
;<torcß were robbed. About $30,000 to all wore
taken. There is no due to the rubbers.
—The Mammoth Cave is offered lor sale for
£WO,(KO. and a number of capitalists in Louis
ville. Ky.. are talking of forming a company
•md buying it. patting up a new and splendid
hotel on the premises in placo of the present
rickety old irauir, and improving the property.
—October 20. Mr. A. 8. West. Agent for the
Roberts Torpedo Company, In the McClintoek
villc Oil City and Reno Oil District, was engaged
inputting in a torpedo into well No. IS, on the
Reno Oil and Land Company's Tract, near Titos
ville. Pa., when he was instantly killed by the
explosion of the torpedo.
—O.i 'Change, to Milwaukee. October 20, a
committee was appointed to confer with the
telegraph companies, with a view to securing
acme remedy for the delays that bare occurred
in the transmission **f telegrams. Tne commit
tee were also instructed to inquire as to ibe
practicability of laying a sub-marine cable
across the lake.
—Tbe Epitcnpalian (the leading organ of the
Low Church party), states that toe declaration
of the Bishops as to tbe word regenerate was
not unanimous, one of them withholding his
name, though who the dissentient is is not
stated. The editor also alludoe to ''exciting
scenes and debates pending tbo settlement ot
tbe qoestion: bnt. as these were held with closed
doors, the real drift of them is letl to exaggera
tion »ud conjecture.”
—The trial of Goorxo Bolts for the murder of
“Pel"llal*l#d.at Newark. N. J.. on the 2d of
July last, was brought t*» a close October 20.
Tbe jury was ont about three hours and a half,
and returned with a verdict of "Guilty of mur
der in tbe first degree.” Tbe prisoner was
deeply affected by the announcement of the ver
dict, and the members of bis family who were
with him wept when the foreman of the jury
made tbe announcement.
■—October 33, the Secretary of War directed the
Quartermaster General to immediately issue and
send to Governor Fairchild, at Madison, Wis..
100 wagons. 100 sets of harness, 1,000 army over*
coats aod 100,000 pairs ot pantaloons. The S c*
rotary of tbe Treasury baa also given orders t
the commanders of the revenue cotters on tnc
lakes to proceed lo such points as may be indi
cated by the authorities, to carry supplies for
distribution to the needy*
—J. G. Johnson, engineer in charge of Divis
ion il.. ot the Canada Pacific •urvey, from Red
Rock. Nepigou Bay. to Lour Lake, has arrived
at Toronto with a portien of his meo. Five In
dian* and two white meo belonging to bis staff
were burned to death from tbe fires in tbe woods.
Oae of tbe onfortnoate men, named Sinclair,
belonged to Toronto. Johnson has completed 1
bis wnrk. and reports favorably of tbe country
between tbe above mentioned places fora rail
way. This is the first party yet down.
—The celebrated Spanish ewe. Worthy Ma
tron." nearly 20 years old, belonging to Mr. |»..t
ter. Lyle, Mower County. Minn., was killed by
wolves on the sight of tbe 6lb in*t. S*ie was a
daughter ol "Old Swcep«takcs” of Vermont,
who was cnee sold for $25,000. "Worthy Ma
tron drew nine first r— at different fair*
n New York State. 1 as raised .wenty-two lamb*.
*ud last yesr. at */f 18 years and 9
jiontbs. drew tbe first premium aube Minnesota
State Fair. At the time ot her death she was
ipparently lu full vigor, with a lamb of four
months by her side.
—The Detroit Tribune has been shown a pri
vate letter from a gentleman of great experience
In searching for minerals, dated Oct. 8. at Thun
der Bay; on tbe north shore of Lake Superior, in
wnicb be slates tbathe has just returned from a
trip of 100 milea Inland, and that tbe region
visited possessed as good gold mines as docs Cal
ifornia. He discovered no essential difference
in tbocaractcr of the rocks, and is of the opin
ion that gold digging will pay as well there as at
any olace on tbe continent
—Tbe Marinette (Wis.) Engle of Oct, 21 says:
The family of Charles Towslcy, in the Lower
egar Bush, consisting of himself, wife, and
cvcril children, were found dead alter the fire.
aith bis own throat cut and those of the chil
dren. It is supposed that, in a moment of tem
porary derangement at tbe awful scene before
iim. tbe wife already dead,and what appeared
to him os tbo obsolete certainty to himself and
children of suffering death by fire, be preferred
to cut his own and bis childrens' throats, and so
c-:d their misery."
—Commander bel fridge s report of tbe survey
for a route for tbe Darien Canal basnutyet
seen made public, but some interesting statis
tics which it contains havt been made known.
The most practicable route is tho one up the
Atratc river, from tbe Atlantic side at the Gulf
nfDarieo, and thence 32 miles to tbe Pacific
Ocean at Copies Bay. A tunnel 170 feet in
height, 70 feet wide, and 4 miles long, and a cat
ting C 3 miles long and 264 feet in depth, are the
groateal eng noeneg difficulties. Tut* route re
quire* nine locks on the Atlantic end thirteen on
the Pacific, and the cost is estimated at
f106.t00.00u. with 525.000.(X>9 put aside to meet
unexpected obstacle?.
—A freight train which left Cheyenne for
Denver on tbo morning of October 17 had on
board 700 kegs of blasting powder. The train
consisted of fourteen cars, the powder being in
the fifth-ear from tbe engine. Abontsix mile*
i JT- ne,. whether from friction or other
i i
of them a distance of sixty rods. The track w
trucki o^f D v b e8 but B^a Kulir to *sy, the
tJwk B?t thf f iV.f ir, j Wer 1 thrown <rom the
tbe st part of the
th e<C4po o{ «U oo board of
*r iA rE V 1 x ir ,tb th®* l, Utm, not one receiving the
slightest Injury. Too disabled train was imme
ahli?J A B n^ fate j* j h re “*>ndcr of the powder.
b n- h^r n j r d H®* 3 ffU collected, nod the
train proceeded on its way. arriving at Denver
only lorty minutes behind time. cr
Insurance Matters.
2b tie Editor of The Chicago Tribune
As one of the sufferers in our late calamity by
J™ pr oper tld B “■pension of buainov, .1-
i°7 m,M JO year column, on tho
‘“joeoooe.»« far IL- p.rtain. to adju.t
baTe bs n wor ltiog incessantly
r ln reorganising my business, and.
n V lbe p.*? l lt in looking
up the condition of insurance companies,
and some special matters present themselves,
that should osuse a decided and
uniform action among our merchants. Tho
condition ot our local companies is manliest,
and a compromise Is all that can bo expected;
but. I sincerely warn, my brother-merchants
hasty action .in accepting tho compro
mises offered by outside insurance companies.
That many companies that can pay from 75 to
100 per cent of their tosses are offering from 25
to 40 per cent Is a fact that requires only a cas
ual observer to see. Old Eastern companies
that have been doing bn*inc*9 from ten to thirty
years, have unquestionably largo surplus assets.
It is only a question now with them how cheap
they can get out of ibis thing. They know the
Chicago policy holders are excited, and, in most
instances, want money very bsdly. By placing
long-faced adjusters in their offices, who can tell,
with prafouna serenity, the bankrupt” condi
tion ot their companies, they expect to work
on tho nerves ct the unfortunate losers till
they are glad to accept any compromise. Bv
greatly over, sticnaliug their actual losses, and
only representing cash assets, they are enabled
to sbnw up a doleful picture. Therefore I say to
Chicago merchants, unite on this question, and
xtand off until these eompanirs *abow their
hand,”—not by printed slips of statements made
for the occasion, or by the representations of the
venerable and hoary-beaded adjustors, but hr
tbo most searching legal Investigation. It shoal'd
be remembered that our loss is manv millions,
and to accept 25 per cent from companies that
can pay 50 and 75 per cent, is an alarming differ
ence that we cannot afford to lose now.
There are another class of companies who are
advertising to pay 100 per cent on tboir losses,
and thereby are building up an Immense and
lucrative business; bat, by the chicanery ot
cnnnlngadjusters. manage to squeeze down the
loss claimed in each case, to that they are really
paying only from 50 to 75 per cent of the actual
loss. I would suggest to these companies that,
if they cannot pay 100 cents, they had better
sail under different colors, or they may find
their names in tho law reports of the news
papers. as well as in some of the glowing
advertisements.
A Slitkekb ik the Latx Fibk. who has Re
scued Business and is Faying 100 Feb Cent.
New York, munificent Contributions.
From the hew \ork Herald, 16tb.
Cbambcrot Commerce 51,613.30
Now York lieraid list 77.60
Collections to churches 17,868.00
Miscellaneous. li.M7.lKi
The Journal of Commerce Iteiiol bund 11,785.00
Total S 116.860.83
Previously reported, cash 1,510,000.96
Total cash 51.636.527.55
Add supplies (estimated)....- 400.000.00
New York’s total (about) $2,030,527.85
It will be observed that the supplies in the
above are estimated. This is the value placed
upon those which have been forwarded by the
-nergy of Colonel Fisk, of Erie fame, by Hr.
Pollard, agent of Mr. Fisk; but probably SIOO.OW
or $200,000 mare havo gone by express and other
modes of conveyance.
COLLECTIONS r* THE CUUECHES.
Collections were taken in nearly all tho
churches yesterday in aid of the Chicago suffer
ers. with the following result, as far as counted:
Grace Church, Episcopal 1,000
Transfiguration- 603
Trinity— 250
Sl John's Chapel 230
St. George’s Church 1,600
John Street, Methodist 75
Wa»hiußton Square, Methodist.: 150
Sr. Paul’s. Methodist 700
Alauron. Methodist 301
Thirty-seventh Street, Methodist (VX)
Murray Uill, Presbyterian 150
Brick Church, Presbyterian 7OO
Tabernacle. Baptist 500
Calvary, Baptist 1,500
St. Mark's 950
SU Phillips (colored)— 98
Heavenly Rule 340
Holy Trinity— 1,000
Atbon Memorial 400
Bedford street, Mctb 400
All Soul’s Church 1,800
Hr. ih'pworthV 2,000
New England. Cong 387
Tabcrn-icle. Cong 450
Rutger’s Pres 600
Twenty-third streot, Pros 1,100
Madison avenue 435
St. Mattbowf, Lutheran 300
Fifth avenue, Baptist 400
TuUl $18,848
The Gasleiu Conference—Analysis of
Count Beust’a Circular.
The Paris Tempt oahlisbes an analysis of Count
Beast’s despatch of the 12th of September t*> the
Austrian representatives abroad, with reference
to tho results of the interviews at Gaitoln and
Salzburg. According to the Tempt, the despatch
lays special stress on tbo fact tbai neither at Gas*
'em nor at Silzburg have treaties or conventions
been entered into. On tbo other band, the con
ferences of tbo two Chancellors have confirmed
the mutual approach which had already for
months been initiated both at Berlin and at Vi
enna, and have matured to firm conviction the
already existing feeling that tbs interests of tbo
two empires He nearly everywhere in parallel di
ructions. and must consequently be pursued in
common- The Emperor of Austria nnd bis Min
uter* have, according to tbo analysis given by
the Temps, brought back from these interviews
tbo firm conviction that Germany not lei-s
than Austria stands in need of a general peace.
Thus a resolve has naturally arisen that in
future Germany and Austria should aot in
concert on all possible questions and events. Tbo
general wish for peace throughout Europe is
recognised as the best guarantee that this good
understanding between Austria am! Germany,
far from containing threatening dements, can
only be of a nature to nip in the hud feelings of
opposition or hatred which may have been crea
ted through recent events. Alluding to Ihe
speech recently made at the sitting of the
Rciohsratb on the Ist of July, Count Beast avers
that it is in that slnto tbo State, whoso foreign
polieT heguides, U the friend—the sincere friend
—ot France. Invirtue of this sentiment Count
Beust gives expression to the hope that patriotic
Frenchmen will renounce thoughts of a hope
less vengeance; that they will, on tho contrary,
make every effort to collect the intellectual and
material treasures of their country, nnd to allow
it to be regenerated coder tbo protection ol a
general European peace. Tbo despatch, finally,
according to the Tempt, contains some indica
tions with regard to tba common lino of action
resolved upon at Gostein tor tbo defense of so
ciety against tbo Anarchist party in Europe.
Ou this point, and un this point only, tbo two
Cabinets are bound to each other in writing.
The Last of the Steamer It* G. Cobarn.
From the Detroit Tribune, October 21.
A despatch was received, yesterday afternoon,
by Captain Eber Ward. from Kincardine. Ont.,
•taring that two boats of tbo Coburn bad been
washed ashore there, one empty,, the other
having in her two dead bodies, those of a colored
man and a boy. This s-tiles tbe question of the
fate of th* so not already reported saved, in all
probability. Toe Coburn bad five boats; one
was staved in, two were found with persons
alive in them, and two are now found
with no ono living. It can hardly bo
otherwise than that the persons who failed
to rave their lives in tbe boats have perished, lo
all probability they number as many as thirty, at
iho lowest estimate, and among them arc doubt
less the Captain, Gilbert Dumont, Indian Agent
Smith and his wile. Major Atwood, and all the
ladies on board, ut whom there are reported lo
bare been eight. From what can be learned of
the scenes during tbe last hours of the steamer,
tbe ladies very likely went down with the boat,
either unable to remain outside, or lacking the
hardihood. It sooms likely, too, that several
men wont down with her, as several were seen
in tbe cabin just before she sank. Yesterday
flour and articles with the name of tbe Coburn
on them were coming asboro at Kincardine oil
sy
Tlic Chicago Common Council,
From the Now York Sun. Oct. 21.
The telegraphic reports from Chicago have
vaguely alluded .to an unpleassntuess which at
ouo time existed in regard to tbe distribution ot
money and supplies. It seems that tbo Common
Council of that city pnt in their claims to have a
voice in tbe deposition of the relief contributed
for sufferer# by the fire: but Mayor Mason was
rqual to the situation, and adroitly pnt the
charge of affairs in tbe bauds of buncrl men. un
connected with the city government, who will
sec that tbo charity of the public is properly em
ployed. Tho Common Council ut Chicago, ac
cording te tbo moot trustworthy account*, is an
exceedingly corrupt body, and tne lad that they
are effectually shut off from any manipulation f
contributions will afford great satisfaction to all
wh> are acquainted with their reputation.
Foreign markets.
London. Oct. 23—1:30 p. m.—Consols—B9 for
money: mr account. 5-20* of 1862,
'65", 90%: '671.92%: 10-40*, 89%.
Linsvcd "il,3(ssd.
Paris. Oct, 23.—Rentes. 57f 60c.
Liverpool. Oct. 23— 1:30 p. m.—Flour, 25s@
27s 9J. Wheal—No. 1 spring. Us SJ; No. 2
spring. Us; red .winter. Us 10d; white, 13*2 J.
Corn, 33*.
Pork. 47s 6J. Lard. 46s £d.
Liverpool. Oci. 23—live.—Cotton heavy; mid
dling upland*. 9%59%d: middling Orleans, 9%d.
Sale*. 8,000 bales; speculation and-export.
2.0X1 bales.
Cumberland middles, 375; short rib middles,
New York Dry Good* Market-
New York, Oct. 23.—The weather is warm,
and the market dull and steady at 13*13%0f0r
Atlantic and heavy brown sheetings. J3o for H.
lie for P. ll%c for D, and 12% a for Lfin*:ll%e
lor Broadway do, U?£QXl2%c tor Laconia B. ll’-c
f.>r Lyman.Site for 10-4 Lancaster brown abett
ings. 27% c for Monadoook 9*4 do. 39e lor
10-4. 14e for Amoskeag brown drills. 14% c tor
Adriatic and Pepperrll do: 14% c for Stark
bleached d«; 12%8 for Indian Orchard improved
corset jeans; 12c fwr Cocheco prints, and 12% c
for robes, pinks and purple do: 11 %o f«r Hnmil
toc and Spragues faoey prints: 123 f-r Wash
ington iwiss rubies and Turkey reds; U%o for
S. Slater J: Sou’s paper cambrics, aod 21%e for
White Rock linsoys.
The Produce Markets.
NEW YORK.
New York. Oct. 23.—Cotton dull and prices
bavo declined; .middling anUods, IRljc.
Obkaiistcfps—Flour dull and prices have de
eltnod. ReoMpts. 25.000 brli; taper Western
■nd State $6®6.25: common to good extra, $6.50
<36.83: good to choice. while Western.
7.30(37 60: Ohio extra. S6AOGL3S; St. Louis,
17.15Q9.25. Rye flour and corn meal unchanged.
Wbe>t opened dull, but closed active; receipts.
451.000 bu: No. 2 spring, sl46*
1.50; No. 1. 81.50Q1A4: winter red
We«tem, 51.50&1.54; amber, |lAs<Sl-58: white,
$1,5845! 68: choice. $1.70. Rye, barley, and melt
dull. Corn—Demand Coir, and market firm.
Receipts—4B,ooo bu: Western mixed, afloat 73@
70% c: yellow, mc. Oats—Demand fair, and prices
advanced: receipts, 116.000 bu; Western and
Ohio, 50@51%c.
Hat and Hops—Quiet.
Groceries— C«ffoe—Demand good at fall
prices: Rio. Sugar dull; fair to
good refining, 9gsl&£e: Cobs, S9,t(£9%c. Molasses
doll, hot unchanged. Ric». g’4'£9o.
I’euolkux—Crude, 14(514%e: refined. 23Q33%c.
Pnonsioss—Pork steady; mess. 113.004JJ3.50;
6 rime pork, $10.25; prime mess pork, <il 25;
lay. dune ana July, $14.25. B-ef and eat meats
unchanged. Middleslbenvy: long clear Stret
ford’s. B*a*}9c. Lard heavy: No. 1 to stearine,
9?£Q10o: prime kettle rendered. lb%e.
lldttkii—Steady; Western 12320 c: Slate,
15(530.
lubes c—Heavy at llftlSc.
MILWAUKEE.
MiuriVECR. Oct. 23. Bueidstti'M— Floor
dull and unchanged. Wheat quiet and weak;
No. 1 Milwaukee at $1.20; No. 2 Milwaukee at
11.18}$. Oils dull but unchanged. Cora io fair
demand at lower rate*; No. 2 mixed at 4Gc. Rye
*t«»-
MONETARY.
In fln.n..a 1. .1. s lo*P*Y0 *P*Y EvtßlKo' Ocl. 23.
in finances, both local Bad general thnw««k
SKI 0 to ,i "ithinor. f»Tor«blo indictionllo
nn^v‘,s” ry tc,p ct Th" b«nk. or Ihi.cil;
<*»»Kr««»te than they
did the day before the fire, though it is not so
n r ibuto<l. Ther. i, a plnhorl of cor
rcncy here, anil the desire on tbo part of the
banks to move their balances back toNew York,
irom whence they drew it in each beet" a week
sio, hns advanced the price of New York ex
chango from 1-10 discount on Saturday to par to
day. for all transactions between the bank*.
-J-v,. o counter, the banks are still taking
tI« f“A .2 f J h .u r ttt t0 y* d>«ount.
Tbo fact that the banka are *o willing to move
their balances back to New York shows that they
feel reassured m regard to thoiitnaib.n here, and
their eotion will contribute largely to restore
confidence m New York, In fact, the rciora
-1100 of coufid.nco bore during the last two or
threo days of last week, bu already had a re
maikaolo i uccl m New York on prices of stocks
and securities, the extent of which may bo esti
maud by the fact that Rock Island stock which
fell from 110 o.» Octtobcr Bto 01 during a day or
two after I tie fire, was up again to-day to 102.
.In regard to the losses of the banks of this
city on their bills reccivjblc. there is a vssl im
provement in the aspect of affairs from day to
day. We know of several banks wbo.doring the
first few days after the disaster, couuted 25 per
cent of their loans as lost, but who now find the
very customers whom tfiey considered insolvent
epming to make arrangements for payment. On
the whole, wo do not believe the banks will lose,
on tho average, over 10 per cent of their loans,
and wo know of banks that will not lose
5 per cent. I’no probable loss of the banks was
exaggerated at first, under the impression that
the insurance companies, on the average, could
not pay 50 per cent of their losses, whereas it is
now tolerably certain that 750r 80 percent of the
insurance, losses will be paid.
Money is plenty enough on gnod collateral se
curity and on three days’ call money was loaned
to-day on government bonds at 8 per cent. For
advances on cargoes of grain, money *a also in
good supply, but there is next to notbing being
oone in discounts of mercantile paper.
ANOTBEE move by ths basks
seems to have begun. Wncn they, mere driven
outol their old locations by the fire, their fiist
impulse was tu go in tbedirection in which trade
bad shown a tendency to more for the last three
years, vis.: southward, along the avenues. But
tho fact that almost tho only regular business
buildings left standing anywhere near tbo for
mer centre of business wore on tbo west side
of the river, drew a large portion of
their customers to that quarter of the city. Thus
with one-half of their depositors in the West
Division, and the other half putting up tem
porary bouses on the lake front, the banks God
that they must each open two offices or give up
half of their business. Several of the banks now
on Wabash avenue, propose to mure entirely to
tbo West Side as soon as they can get offices,
and others propose to keep tboir principal offices
on Wabash avenue and open branch office* in
tbo West Division. At the same time, some of
the banks that located first on the West Side,
have opened branch offices on Wabash avenue! 1
Tbo result of all this moving and splitting up
of banka is likely tu be great contusion, and un
less some uniformity ot action is agreed upon
the banka will bo scattered over a distance ot two
miles before tho end of the week. It is unfortu
a*l« that tba banks and tbo Board of Trade did
not consult and make arrangements to concen
trate their business in some such locution as tbo
Smith Nixon building, on tho nonbeast cor
ner of LaSalle and Mouroo streets, which re
main* undamaged by the fire. This
would have accommodated at least ten
banks, and tho Insurance Exchange
building next north of it, could have
been temporarily repaired in ten days so as to
afford abetter to other business and possibly to
the Board of Trade. This location would have
been equidistant from tbo two remaining quar
ters of the city, and, besides, would not have
been far from what must bo tbo future centre of
business.
Thu Traders National Bank, as will bo soon
by reference to our advei Using columns, will
move to the basement of tho east wing of tho
Court House.
REAL ESTATE.
Wo leant from reliable authority that Mr.
Thos. B. Bryan has beeu offered SI,OOO bonus tor
bis tradomade with Mr. Hinsdale, last week by
which be agreed to pay $50,000 fur the sevenly
twu loot of ground treating north on Randolph
street, next west of Dearborn Park. The prob
able location of a large Union Railroad passen
ger depot near there, is understood to have
induced tho offer.
Ihe following instruments wore filed for record
in Monday, Oct-bcr23:
Warrantee deeds:
CITT PBOPgRTT.
i.i'j‘.‘VPi? 4, Bl "??VSi ,u,d Section 19. 39,
14, datsd.tcbruury 13, 1869; consideration. $250
~A orUl 494 l r l of Lota9and 10 in Blocks.
VI olcott’s addition, with brick building, dated
November 18.18o<; consideration, 87,000.
®rth 49 4-12 toot of Lots 9 and 10. in Block 8.
Uolo.ill a addition; also, bub-lota 2 and 3 of e 14
lot (.in Block 31. in Section 33.40. 14. dated OeT
tober2o; consideration. 55.000
•"‘IT of" A Lot 7. in Block 31. Sec. 33.
40,14. dated October 20; consideration. S'* mo
Lot 67 in Block 12 of w'A S c. 5, 39. u, dated
August lc consideration, $1,200.
Lot 14j in Block 73. in Russell, Mather nod
Roberts addition, dated September 13; consid
eration, 820.000.
sonrn or city limits-
Lots, 3.4.16, to 2l,and »ast 12 feet of Lot 25. in
E ,o i^ l A°J^?f kl i na s dWei n Suction 9.
08. 14. dated October 3; consideration, $2,000.
Und iiof n M. of a U, nw Mof no k. See. 3,
38. 14. except Lota 13,16,17, and 20. in Block 6
iu Cleaver Sherman's no See. 3, 38 14
dated August 24: consideration. $20,000.
Und of n li. s H. dv li. qb H. Sec. 3, 38,14.
except Lota IS. 16.17. aod 20. Block 6 Ac., in
Cleaver A Sherman'a no K. Sec.3, 38, 14, dated
August 24: conriderati.in, $20,000.
L 'ts 1 tos in Block 3. and Lota 1 and 2in Block
o in Bosedale, dated October 5; oonaidora lion.
WEST OF OLD CITT LIMITS.
Blocks 13 and 14 io Receiver’s \V UN El* Sec
tion 22.39.13. dated July 12, 'O9: consideration,
$7,168.
Lot 34 in Block 2 of Blanchard’s N \V H Section
3t>. 40,13, dated September 27; consideration.
Mortgages nod trust deeds 5. releases 1. chattel
mortgages 10, together with 39 documents which
were filed by reason of the fire.
Also a declaration by Eben F- Runyan,- in
which be claims title to several lots of real es
tate in Cook County.
FINANCIAL NEWS ITEMS.
Tbo Treamry Department is considering the
ft-asibility of nd'Piing the now p;an for the re
demption of mutilated fractional currency. The
plan under consideration is. that where more
than half of a note is presented, to pay its fall
value, but to pay nothing at all for parts of
notes less than, half tbo whole size. This will
simplify the method of redemptions, and is re
garded favorably by both the Secretary B nd the
Treasurer.
—The second quarterly interest on tbo bonds
oftbo new loan tails duo on the Ist of Novem
ber. Holder* of registered bonds of this Inan
will nceivo their checks promptly, as they will
be mailed at the close of this mnntb. There are
now 1,200 holders of bonds of tbU class, aod the
now method oi paying interest, commenced on
the Ist of August last, baa proved entirely satis
factory to all concerned.
—Tho iruCc ot the several roads baring ter
mini in Chicago will be observed with much in
terest during the next few months, as It is uncer
tain to what extant they will be affected by the
interruntion to business caused by the fire.
RAILROAD EARNINGS IN SEPTEMBER.
1871. 1570.
.S 505.901 $497,519
1.032,800 757.183
Chicago A Alton.—
Central Pacific
Cleveland. Columbus, Cin
cinnati A Indianapolis
Illinois Central
Kansas Pacific
Lake Shore A Michigan
■Southern 1.3&U91 1.275.58S
Manoita A Cincinnati...., 166.191 KV’.PtS
Milwaukee A St, Paul 815.345 503.319
Ohio A Mississippi 325.379 313.967
Pacific, ol Missouri 364.12S 337 649
St. Louis A Iron Mountain... 141.105 124,125
Toledo. Wabash A Western- 558.816 5U5.042
Union Pacific 736,180 723,525
374,671 317.557
885.845 101,235
368.328 333.4(4
T0taU......_ $7,635,346 $7,061,431
For tbe nine months ot IS7I now passed, tbe
earnings on nearly evury road included in the
list show a material improvement, and with the
large crops ai the West, and tbe considerable
increase which will probably take place lo tbe
transportation of goods to Chicago, it is prob
able tn»t tbo remaining months of the year will
also compare favorably with the last quarter ot
1870.
The New Bork Times (money article) of tbe
20th says of railway stocks and insurance com
panies as affected by the fire in this city, as fol
lows:
O.Tbcrehas not been asinglo important tailnre
on ibe Exchange, and tbe only suspension of
payment ol moment, at tbe outset of tbe panic.
w«e recovered from in four or fire days, and
every dollar of differences involved paid op in
cash. Tbe upward turn in tbe market for stocks
to-day is. apparently, of a substantial nature, bat
its significance may bo simply recovery from
the panic and tbe arrest of tbe heavy sacrifices
which had been making for nearly a week on
certain prominent railroad and telegraph stock",
rather than the inauguration of a renewed boll
movement. It tbo latter shoold occur, on rea
sonably easy money, tbe bear party, on recent
sales at low figures, will have to look sharp to
their side of the market.
Tbe affairs of tbe Fire Insurance Offices grow
m>'ro serious as tbe actual division of losses at
Cbicaro become more manifest, and three or
lour New York and Brooklyn companies not
supposed bankrupt on tbo first reports, will have
to wind up either under State Receivership or
tbe Federal Bankruptcy Court. At tbe same
time we see no reason to change the estimate of
about $30,000,000 t*«tal losses to the New York,
'New England, and English comuanie*.
latest.
New York. Oct, 23.—G01d stronger, opening
at 112% and closing firm at 112%. Loans wore
from 1*32 per day to 1 per cent, per annum for
use. Clearings $43,750,000.
Governments strong and advanced from to
percent. on 5J20 u»aes. Closed strong bnt
not active.
Stocks opened firm and so continued till near
the close, when prices declined from to 1 per
cent, from tbe highest of tbo day* Tbo most
•ictive stocks were W. U. T.. Northwestern,
Reading. Union Pacific and Pittsburg. Tbo
market closed doll.
Money easier in the morning; loans were made
at 5. 6 and 7 per cent. Later in the day it was
freely .-fferod at 4.
State bonds heavy with tbe exception of Tcn
cese**, which are active mnd strong.
Sterling exchange. 108%.
Coups 'SI— —116% Loan®. *65, new 113
Coups, 5-2 Us ’62—.lUr 4 |Coups. '67 113%
"iups. '64 —ll4 Coups. '6B 113
C -ups, *65 lit?,,' Coups, 10-40*
State bunds:
Currency 65..—...-UlVilVirginias, old —SS
illajouns...—93 Virginias, new 62
fennessees, old 65 IN. Carolines, 01d... 36%
fennessees.new 65%|N. Carolina*, now. 19
Stocks:
Canton 72' fßock Island...—.-^.101%
VV. U. Tel 61% N*. J. C .....lft>£
Quicksilver -..-IVi St, Paul. 57
Marip05a............. 1.-CDo pfJr.. 77
Mariposa pfd 1% Wabash" 573*
Adams Express 82 Do pfd 84
Welts Fargo's ex 51% Fort Wayne....... 97
Amt/lean Express. M Terre Haute 16
Cl. B. Express...— 55 Do pfd 3i
Pao Mail 47WC.& A... 112?5
NVY. C 89J?I»o pfd 114
crip 84%0.& M 38V*
Erie 19% C. C. C 83
D*> pfd 63 B. A Q _ _135
Harlem 120 Lake Shore 98,4
Do pfd 121 Ind. Central...... 17%
R adingloß% Illinois Cent. ...133
Mich Ceat.^—.—.ll6% Union Pacific 244
C. P...124 Cent. Pac. bonds. ..101%
Northwestern 61% Union d 0........... 85%
C. &P. 124 I
Northwcatern 61%
Go pfd.....~. 89%
New York Live (Stock Market.
New York, Ost. 23. Total beeves. 8,660, of
whieb 2AUO came-from Illinois." 800 from Ken
tucky. 1.208 from Ohio. 1,000 frum Texas and
300 from New York. For to-day we have 152
can at Communlpsw, 103 at Hundredth street
and 90 at Weehswken. Most of the drove* come
through in original hands, making a very large
number of owners. The quality was fair. Most
of the Texans were slaughtered by tbo receivers.
Tbe market ts overstocked, slow and depres*'
sod. There was a decline of about
per cent before night. Even then
there were very few cattle left. The ranee was
B®Uc for thin to .prime: some very poor Texans
were lower, aod a few pairs of first-class sold up
to 12and.124c, but Ho got fine cattle in lots.
The average was scarcely 10c: Soars Texans, av
1,100 at B>%c, 55 lb* per owt: 3 cars same
weight, at Cf%o: a hard lot. 5 cars Illinois, av 7
ewt,9H@loc; 7 cars Ohio, av 8 cwt, at lO&He;
5 cart choice, avScwt. at ll@UKc.
Sheep—4l,4oo for the week, kdu 8,700 for to.
Xf 1,1 w h decline., or 4%(3f10 1
or-rltocktd nod prices nff. l,r« sfllioc at iV®
dr d «V?!»a7«. Car Ohio .oldatfc;
av 215 lbs, at 5 Stalo dreucd begin to arrirp.
At a meeting of Methodist preacher* held in
Heiton yesterday, a resolnrioo was adopted
Pledging oo*operatlnn in railing $20,000. as Now
Lngland’e share of $200,000, to be railed for Chi
c#k*t'u Methodists of the country.
_ Tao report that the Alemaionla Inanranee
Company, of Cleveland, bad impended, ii in*
correct.
DIED.
PAULSEN—At Lake View, Oct, 23. Martin Kdion.
infant aon of Martin and Angeita Panlien. and
grandson of tba late Robert Edion, of Lake View.
Time of aervicee at 7 o'clock p. m.. Uct. 21. at the
old homestead. Friends of the family are requeued
to attend.
HOLBROOK—On the 23d Init., Ann Stone, yonng*
eit child of B.njamin and Elisabeth Holbrook, aged
5 months and 2o days. Funeral Tuesday at Ip. m.,
fromreildence of family, 131 Ninth Peoria street.
®W*J»ew York City papers please copy.
POLLEY—At her residence, 16G North Sangamon
street. Jesse Poller, wife of Samuel Policy, Funeral
at tbs Ada street 31. E. Church. Tnasdav, Uct. 21.
at 11 a. m. Cars to Koseblll Cemetery. Friends of
the family are requested to attend without further
notice.
®F*li»w York City, Philadelphia, and Montreal
papers plssse copy.
.BUSSELL—At Evanatoa. Cook Conntr. 111., Jane
Russell, wife of Miles Coiaell. aged £3 years and 6
months. Mother-in-law of Sergeant Hathaway,
Third Prod net.
N, T., papers please copy, also Hart
ford. Conn.
AUCTION SALES.
We are Ug Ip
AND AT THEM.
Onr large and centrally located Warehouse will be
ready to receive consignments on BIONDAT, Oct. 23.
and we shall hold an auction sale of
Boots, Shoes,
AID RUDDERS,
On Wednesday, October 25,
A"i.» r Furniture. Household Goods. Carpels, aod
Crockery, on SATURDAY. Oct. 28. at TO a. rS!
in.n ,M T j u s njr desire to torn
into CAbU, will find u» with every facility to aeslst
U GEO. P. GOES i CO..
1 aod Raodolph-si.. corner Uichigau-av..
lat* 22.24 and 38 Randolph-st.
Clothing:, Clothing:!
Groat Auction Salo of New Stock.
Ready-Made Clothing.
P“ Thursday, Get. 26. at 10 a. m..being the stock o/a
fT^ bw nd W H ia <nusit at the time of (be great
nre i. n °da are well salaried and In every rv
P«ct FIRST-CLASS, and MOST be sold IS meet c£-
rent expenses of the consignor. GEO. P.GGBE A CO..
Corner Michigan ay. Late 71, and 76 Randolph st.
WM. A. BUTTERS 00,
AUCTIONEERS.
Office No, 1204 IndUna-Av,,
IN ill resume business on or befbre November
At Nos, 3 and 4 Dearborn Park,
Directly opposite old stand on Randolph-st.
MOTION! MOTION!
WM. A. BUTTERS CO,
ARE READY FOR BUSINESS.
Office 1204 Indiana-av.,
Southwest cor. of Indlana-ar. and Xweaty*six!b*sl
Orders left at oar sew stand,
Nos, 3 and <t Kandolph*st«
(OPPOSITE THE OLD STANDI
Will Ueet With Prompt Attention.
Sales of all kinds of merchandise solicited.
We will bold oar first amis at our New Auction
Room on Wednesday. November I, nozt, opening
with a fresh stock of dry goods, clothing, boots and
tboes, Yankee uotlone, Ac.
Will. A. BUTTERS CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
34S Wahash-av.,
G-enteel House Eumitme
AT AUCTION,
?a WEDNESDAY. Oct. 25, at 10 o'clock, at dweltln
•HSW abash.av. urniture consists of Parlor, Dio
o gKo ora, mod Chamber Seta, Beds, Bedding. Car
pets, Moves, Crockery, Ac.
WM. A. BUTTERS A CO..
Anrtloneera. Office I3H Jndlana-av.
COtBV WIRTS,
Auctioneer* and Furniture Man
uractnrcrs’ Agent*,
Will sell at prirate sale through the week, and hr
auction every Friday, at their nsw and spacious
rooms, on Michigan ar., cor. Eld ridge court, fur
niture manufacturers wuu we bavo been telling
poods for previous to our downfall assure us we can
have all ttKCgouds w« cm handle, aud fully instruct
as to sell at lonair prices, or as cheap as regular
dealers can buy. saving to purchasers the recall prof.
Ice. ranging from 30 to 40 per cent-weil worth look
ing after lu this, our great| trouble. We shall be
ready to receive furniture and goods ol all kinds,
horses, carriages, dc.. lor sale, after Wednesday.
October2s. Our first furniture sate will take place
at our new quarters. October 25, at 10 o'clock.
COLBY A WIBTB. Aactionoers,
and Furniture Manuiactorera* Agents, 291 and 2V3
Michigan av.. cor- Kldriilge court.
BOARDING AND DODGING.
mT WKNTY-fOUBTU-B0ÜBTU-BT.-Two tingle gentle
men can find all home comforts, with a good
room. Ore and gas, at reasonable rate*. Referenc*.
1 K(i WKST LARK ST.—New marine iroot build-
lost opened, corner Union st; table
board flrst-flaee; old price*.
OOPC West Washington st,, near Sangamon st.—
Ot/ Good rooms and bo«rd. In modern house, for
a few gentlemen, at reasonable rates.
fQ CA LUMET A\.—Sevaral fine larga rooms.
with fire -class board, for gentlemen with
their wives: also pleasant rooms for young men
claiming. Half block from the street cart. Pleasant
re-idenra.
Oft! MICHIGAN AV.-A large suite of front
•JlJi rooms to let with board. Trensieut boerd
ers accommodated.
'VEST MADISON BT.—Nicely furnished
vXU front room with board for gentleman and
eiiu or single gaotluman. Also one untarnished
front room.
Q7"KthASIIISOTiiS NT— Mfii-ciaae rooms
I y with board for gentleman and wife «*r single
genth meu. in the marble iroot residence owned uy
Mr*. Lincoln.
OQfT WABASH AV.—To rent with board, rooms,
Ct/U st»gle or In suites. House firtt-claos, with all
the modern improvements.
I MILUIOAN-AV.—One alcove room, second
Xv/vfloor front, with board; also a few day board
er* can be accommodated. References given and re
quired.
4f* WEST WASHINGTON ST.-Rooms and
wTU board to private family for two gentlemen
and wives.
nTAIE-bT.—Pleasant rooms, newly flits d
yy*? Op. with good board, at old prices, by M. W.
HA UKt.it. Ute H AdonMt.
firi C MICHIGAN AV.—A pleasant uofuruUhed
yJKJfJ trout room, with board; ol»o new fursUbsd
1401 MICHIGAN A>.—To rent, a room, with
board, in a private family, to a gentleman
atm wife or two elnsle centrem-n.
frRQ WEST ADAMBBT.—To rent, with board, in
UVft/privateifemily, a farnishad sutu of room*:
also one elude room.
1117 INDIANA AV.—Mrely furnished room to
JLJLXI rent, with board, for two gentlemen or
gentleman and wit*, vhlmot children.
1
J-XtJi either gentleman od wife or two aiugln
ncntiemcn.
Ill's lOIIICAN AV—Marble front booee,
iitu farnisbsd front parlor and bedroom, with
board; first claas accommodation!, and cheap, to two
gentlemen.
1 0.4 A MICHIQAN-A V—Will take man and
wife and two single gentlemen to board.or.
aili rent boose. rveerring board for two.
14.17 PRAIRIE AV-A pleasant room with
-I Til board for two single gentlemen or gentle
man and wife.
BOARD 'WANTED.
BOARD— Fnrniahed room and board on West hide.
AildreM V. Illlnola M**t« Z*iMmg.
BOARD— For myself and wife on South hide, near
Iwetflh st: a private family, or where there are
w J^ r v^ r p T,‘r r r d Addreea, stating terms, J.
U. TlLbB, liO alnol st.
BOARD— For two-South tmot room, first floor;
no other boarders: Washington su. ne*r iUv
st.: flrst-cla««all roond. Address BACON. Tribune
ufllce.
BOARD— In a private family, east of Wabeah-av
bstween Twellth and Twenty.secood-sta.. by a
gentlemen, with two young lady daughters and two
yuung gentlemen eons S«ill fnrnuh one room, aUbor
the carpet; three rooms required, with nse of th
parlor. lUfereitcee asuhaused. Address X. Y. Z
Box 6u9s. Post Ufllce, Chicago.
EOARD-A first-class profeesor of vocal and in
stmmeiiial •mu tie twell-koown 1- ChicagoV
withes to find a room and board for tuition* sta
te «cbei also three foreign languages. Address L. IL.
Tribune office.
M l 2? F A !iNIE C will fiad her trunk
by calling or addresaiog JOS. F. RjlJcE. N 0
Sie Desplaiass-st. ,u
AGENTS WANTED,
AGENTS W ANTED—f6 to •lOadaycan.be made
by eithsrsex with my new article* in the city i r
country: now Is the time t-> make money. SamnlM
tree, b. M. LININGTUN, 93 Wist otonroe
Chicago.
AOI-NTS WaNTED-Tu s«ll a new »ud boantt
fully-colored copper plate map of Chicago
shewing the burnt district Irua ectnal surfers
>amples malM for 33 cent*. R. a. CAMPBELL li
Walnut st.. Cbtcego.
AUK.NTa W ANTED— Itie Groat llorrur ot uw
Nineteenth Ceulnrr. Chicago, the Proud City of
the West in Rulus.” Uundreds ot people and mil
lions of pro party hnrued. luO.OOu persons made
homsleas and rwluced to beggary. Fearful scenes:
heartrending lucUenta. Miltiuns ol copies of tbs
tragic book can be sold, baa pie copies, postpaid.
30 cent*. Address GGODSPEED, Publisher, Chicago
or St. Loots.
AGCNTb WANTED —For Cliic«|4 »nd tb« Gnat
ConSacration, by Hi tan. Colbert Cbamberlla,
of the-C'blcago Triboo*. A cooclte history of thi
pui of this moat wondsrfnl of cittos and a detailed,
circumstantial, aod eitlJ account of ita deatructloa
by fire, villi »c«aee.*iocide&tß, 4c, Profueely llltn.
trated. Agents’ ptoapocina Twlumearoi by mail tor
ui out*. For circular*. Xc.. aJJrm J. 8. GOODMAN
X CO.. Poblitbera. I* **outt> GrHw it., Chicago.
Oixr REAX ESTATE.
a?tr hill/
afflaiffs r ß ‘.u ot iw
njom. Uo d at Twaotr-aixth at:
tsjsoo n a ~~7locso aod lot at Twanty-aecood .t;
IMBo!”* ar-Hoa» and lot at Twrnty.Otlh at:
ly!alai|f*t aT_ iWal7s feat, nortfaweat comer Twan
tlp"b C l, 96ll:: ,t aorthwaat corner Thlr
con“r Tblm
borthwest corner Twen
-ODB-foarUl in
Property—
l^Mwteit"ssbt ,U ll,llU wlthl t3 3
d
n.?““'f'i‘? r l 0 r lh -box.; monUily pw
7r.rr.a-xT., at 902
Fit* 3 |s l,t T U, H K'IUKY. IT. »nL 11 .drum
A i i.ir!fr.sl.V£ffhSsJT" n,,r loto
tli m°.!' OrT bu nd 30 ,dot ,ot 0,1 n»r
00 d ldt H.lxttd .t, nfxr
Tr“,-n'Tlilrlr.Ont it, mr Sl.t.; cbm.
teilitfi?? c cAr, r ~d' l Monro, it. bo.r Jof-
di?lnrf rolwrt)f r d ,,,lc ut
MadUo t 0 near Green; easy terms
Lo to lease up Lake st. near Elisabeth.
FS«xrj v corner Twenty-sixth st,
Wabash av. cor Twsnty-fonrth st. 110x160.
Wabasri »t, cor Twenty ninth it, SOxlfln.
st. 167x180.
gutest, cor Twenty-firth st, 60x119.
Borne toe property in burnt district. Sooth Side.
WM. GARNETT. State st.
Or toßent—have three out ol
1 block of five elegant Freer stone dwellings, three
stoneeand basement, first-class in every respect, for
8 S- 1 3 ,#8t located on Elli—av. Inquire at cor-
IWrt F-eev«oUi.gU HOLLAND
FOR SALE—Several rhooses and storee on West
Lake and Madlson-ste.. with immediate posses
alon; tone on leased groond, with favurable leases.
A. P. LOW NS CO., No. 99 West Mpdilon-el.,
Room 2. op suite.
LOB SALE—At Hinsdale— Honses. all ready to us«
1 cheap, and on easy terms; high and rolling land,
and twenty trains to and from the city.
An improved farm of »0 acres for sale cheap,or will
rue lor city preperty.
On arconot ot heat In tha dly. I may be seen or
addreswd at Hinsdije. 0. J. aTOUQH.-
FOR SALE—Fine bnsloesi property in burnt dis
trict; fbnr choice residences, on Wabash av., to
rent for business property: Uvde Park Tesideoces
toreutersell. ULRICH BOND. .Ml Wat.bsh av.
FUIt SALE—House aiid |»t No. Nt Uunrue at.
west of Leavitt, 7 roomi. with butmeoU Trice
UjOOO; 61.50(1 cash, balance iu 3. 4. and 5 yean, with
as a p.r cnt. Possession Riven
I? 1 41 7 foT fottbi r in'urmattau Inc at re Bt
35* Warreo-av., corn »r of Oakley.
FOR SALE—Canal ct„ lot 64 feet front on Canal
r*£b b l r f’.s H®«oe*ad Adams eta- SNYDER
■m Ltt, Rea] Estate Agents, Room 9 Masonic Bnild
ing, corner of Rallied and Randolph eta.
FOR SALK—Day a house on leased ground and save
rent. House ISO West SXonroe-at.,‘j rooms, gas.
and water will be sold at price before the tire, name
ly. 61.J50. It will rent for *75 p*r month. Lone
Uaß 2 Ua *'l'. Beal Estate Agent, 202
West Mxdlaon-st., Boom 8.
FOR SALE—On North Wella-st.. between Ooetbi
and SUM. 41X12U feet, east front. Will I e sold at
675 per tool If taken at unce. one*half cash. Prim
before the fire w*a Call soon. F. B. MAR
SHALL, Baal Estate Agent. 202 West Madisonst.,
Boom 6.
FOB SALE—House and lot No, 173 West Jackson
st.; lot 25x160 feet; fronts on two streets: lii
rooms; water in three places; hot air furnace, gas.
Ac. Inquire np stairs on tbe premises.
VOf SALK—By O. 8. HUBBARD. JB.. some very
choice bosluess property in tbe burnt district,
no “icyp«n and Wabash are. and Washington st.
G S. HUBBARD. JU., <0 South Canal st, and 479
Mabash av.
FOB SALE—Burned district—Bargains in centre!
business property. Have given purchasers, during
the past week, the best bargains had in Chicago tor
V e H .T,'LJ^E r n,m *ho want bargains.
ABELL A HOTCHKISS. Real Estate Agrnte. 63 Ca*
nnl st.
t*UU bALE—At a bargain, corner of Washington
and Carpenter sts.. |i« ft front with 50 tt of large
brick building, worth 615,00n; whole premises can be
bad iftaken at unco for K3.0U0. AYRES A EOFF,
501 Wabash av.
OK SALE—By S. ALLEN A CO.. Boat Estate
Agents, 18 West Bandolpb-at.:
Building No. 1203 Slate-sU. with 3 yeats* lease.
Ooitage at Englewood. *2.4 i». very ch*ap.
5 fine residences at Highland Park; prices from
ll.S>ti to *7,000.
Also, leaio and furniture of boarding-house in
beartofbasinessoD v\ est Side, cheap.
Lease of store on Madison st., naar Canal, by
H. ALLBN A CO.«IN West Randolph»st.
]?OH SALE— Luts on yttcnigau <*t, near Fifty* third
A it. east front, on 3 and i years’ time to parlies who
will buil'l. Thu is choice reeideuce property and
will increase In value ranldly for the next few rears.
TQOS. A. AND MATSON HILL. <Ol Wabash ar.
FOE SALE—Large two-story frame honse of 14
rooms—all modern improvements—barn, and lot.
43x133, corner of Adame and lionoro»sta.; very easy
t«re». >*NTD£U A LEE, Eeal Estate Agents. 9
Sonth llaleted-st.
POU SALE—45by 74 feet on aaat side of Franklin'
r at., between Adams and Jackson: price. SSOO pet
foot; easy terms of payment. SNYDER A LKC.
Real Estate Agents, No. 9 South Balsted-st., cornet
of Randolph. Masonic Building.
FUR LEASE UR SALE—so by ISO feet on eaat side
of Clinton-st., between Tan Buren and Harrison.
SnYOKRALEE. Real Estate Agents, No. 9 South
BaUted-st., corner of Randolph, Masonic Building
FOU SALE-A cutties of 6 rooms, with eloeeti
and paptry and water laatde. Apply at 370 West
Tayfor.st,, corner Newberry.ar.
p’OB SALK— House of lo rooms, brick basement,
C and lot 10x120, Throop st, near Adams st; cheap
and mi easy terms, by C. J. COKSK A CU., Room 6,
Tates* Building. No. 9 South Canal st.
F* OB SA LK-Or to Kent—Pnrulsbed. No. 392 Mich
igan av. a first-class marble-front, three stories
and basement; 13 rooms. Inquire on the premises.
F'OK SALE— Adimut, two story sad basement
brick, near Jeffersou Park,
Washington et, two-story sod basement brick,
witlilint lot,
Monro* st, three-story nod basement msrble-rroat,
Jackson st, two story irame house.
Wtlnat at, two-story (Tame boat*, large lot.
Th* above are offered at bargains. with immediate
possession. S. F. COY, 203 West Madison, Boom*
13 and l«.
TCOBBALE—KM ft, cor of Qalsted and Fulton sts;
I. excellent corner, at a barcala.
125 feet ou Madison st; a corner, near TtfifH st;
will pay U par cent rant,
6o feet on Dearborn at, near Washington at (burnt
district). 40 per cent less than old pne*; will rent
for ID percent ou cost price.
Several business lots to lease. MILLER A RIG
DON. Beal Estate aud Loan Agents, SnO Madison at.
1?OR kaLE—With improvement*—Bolldlng* Nos.
130.132. 134. 136. iss. and Uu West Lake at. with
long lease. Apply to PHILLIP UICK3, on the
premise*.
IJ'OB SALE—New etyllsh two-story and baaement
brick dwelling on Wabash av., bn tween forty
first and foriy-secund its.; 16 rooms; all modern Im
provement*. together with 100 feet or more front by
fall depth. Terms, one-filth cash or short time,
balance leng time. Apply to owner northeast corner
ot state aad Montreal. WINOUEaTEH HALL.
FOR SALE—Choice lots tor building purposes lor
925»i or S3ou, Parties burned out should learn a lee.
sou and get a little oat of the centre of the city,,
where tliey are lees exposed to the fire. Call on u
end take a ride sod see oar lots. STOREY A GRIF
FIN, 33t) West Randolph st.
SUBURBAN READ ESTATE.
FOR BALK OU TO BENT-Al Hiaedale-Hoases
mil ready to move into, very cheap, on easy
terms. Also, a fine improved farm to trade for city
property. Coll on or addrees, at Uinsdide. 0. J.
Brul'GU.
FOB BALE—A furnished home In Haven wood, on
the Milwaukro B. 8., 30 minutes’ ride from
Chicago, Fare 7 cents. A new two story and brick
basement gothic Noose, 30x54 feet, said to be the
beat built house on the line of tbie read, situated on
a corner lot ot 93x155 feet, Nuonyside-av., near
the station house, heated by a I2W luroace, marble
aautels, bath-room, good well, and cistern, hot and
coliLwater; the bouse is ftirntsbed to suit th* most
lostidious. Uonae and furniture coat 913.1W0, will be
sold nn account of the late fire for SIU.SU). locum*
trance on aame 93,500. Can remain 3 years at 10
per cent.; nalancn cosh or approved paper. Will
fade f-r provision*, lumber or brick. WSI.
A. TRAVIS, 61 Canal-at Boom 9.
F'Oll BALK—At Farkslde, in two-elory house
household farnltore. Booms to rent if desired.
Inquire for five days, or address, W, L. MANLEY.
C'h cago. 11l
FOR BALL—suoaroan home*. No extortion on ac>
conntof the ffre. or rise in Inmber. I will offer for
«al« one week, 15 houses and loir, mostly new, at a
deduction of one-flith from my former price. They
are a« follows: In Evauetoo—l new hone* of lu
rooms at
at fl.TOn; 2 at In North Evanston—3 new
bouses of 6 rooms at 93.W); S at 91,600; one at 93,UX>:
.aud one at 91,Sui, In Glencoe—3 new Gothic hoaere
«f and 6 room* at 93.000 each; terms ‘A cash down,
balance in 1. 2, and 3 years, with S per cent inierett.
or far monthly payments with 9 percent: mostoi
these houses will N- rented afl*r the let of Noveubci
if nos sol«t. q K. DROWNS. Kvn«t»n.
COUNTRY READ DSTAEE.
FOB ifLK—A first class, well furnished residence
lo Waukegan; will l>- sold at a horgais. if ap
plied for soon. U. S. LINCOLN, Waukegan.
F'OR KALE—Or will exchange for Chiragoclty
prop«rir on the W*»t Side or in tho burnt dis
trict. two option* of land (1.250 acre*) in the Potta
wattamie Beeerve. one of the most beautiful region*
ot Kansas, onlr Smile* from the county se*t, and
but a abort distance from Topes a. PAULhOBOLE
SKI, 111 A'rii Washington it.
170113 A LK—A very desirable n-aidoucr, aituate in
1 the city of Racine. Wls. The bon»e is well ar
ranged and contains U rooms, and is almost new:
the-outbuildings consist of stables and carriage
bouse in enclosed yard; the gronods are nicely laid
nnt. and are well stocked with apple, pear and
crapes, the whole compri-lnc about 3S acres ol land,
ami is snrronoded l>y picket fence. Apply to JOHN
WILSON. Racine. Wja.
RT.AT. ESTATE WANTED.
\\f ANTED-Brick boose worth 19,9 an for Calnmet
property or West hid* lots. Weald assume
seme iticarefer«nre: also horse and boggy for lot.
SPROGC A HOUNDS, US West Madison st.
WANTED— Lott la vicinity of lake and river.
Townships', Hvde Park; will pay cash, but
most boy lew. FRANK S. BALCU, 47 booth
Canal at.
WANTED- And for Sate— Improved and unim
proved prorertv In South Division. FRED,
L. FAKEA CU.&4& Michigan av.
TITASTbb-Rnl Katale—Owners wishing to sell
f T in the boned district at selling prices can find
caab coatom.-is at our office. Oar office Is central,
and cropsrtr left with ns Mr sale will have iht at
tention of capitalists. ABELL A lIOTCQKISa, 63
Cana! St.
rif ANTED-By CJ. Corse A Co.. Real Estate
*v Agents, No. 9 Sonth U«aal st, Room 6, im
proved and anioiprored property, west of Haisled,
and between Kloxle and Harrison sts.. for casto
mere; aleo lots in burned district.
VIfANTED—To purrha**, for cash, a3oor SO foot
lot in the bnrot district, Sonth Division. North
ofMadlson and east of LaSelleft. Address by let
ter. J E N, S* West Adams St
\ITANTKD— 1 wish to rent or purchase alet in the
IT barDsddistrict. Addrse*. with location and
terms. D. J. LAKE. IS South Canal st.
\A3 ANTED—Property In the bnrat district to fill
>f order*, already for Investment: bring in year
lists. GEORGE A HILL, 39 State st.
FOR SALE.
DuUft -HCNDKED b>>ts fine Kentucky Boarboo
on hand and (or sale, by 6. MYERS A Co., 33*
West Washlßgtoo-st.
L, OR BALE'—Leas* of ft rooms (3d floor)otr
P second st. npUl May I. Parties wisning can re
move partitions. Addrasn LF S. Tribune office.
K'UR SALE—Lease and furniture of a 9-roem
house; lath. gas. Ac.; desirable location. 369
Monroe st., near Sangamon.
I?URSALS—Tbeleaaeofalargebaaementoo Mad.
L Uon-St.; it wonld be a fine place for a bank,
ia<nraneooffice, or large litdtm of anykn«l.--R.
KENNEDY A CO., U3 West MsdUon st.
POR SALE-ICD.OOO CHOICE. SEASONED CIGARS
K> of my own manufacture, different brands and
qualities In quantities to salt. A. HOYEBMAN
gg_East lto«Tn No.
SEWING MACHINES.
LOST AND FOUND.
A Liberal rewardwlHbegivsn to larMnoo who
will marn to KUi»n Bras.. 41 West Lake at., a
shifting, leather, top hnggy. wltboal ebafle. with
elda aprlon, and leather covered scat,patent wheole,
Just painted, body black, wheal*, ate., dark brown
with yellow stripes. The buggy wa*- taken away
from front of Wheeling House, West Lake at., dor*
lot the great conflacration on tho Bth and 9th Inat.
Any person who will notlfvns ofthe above describ
ed bu|o will receive a liberal reward. EILIAK
BROS.. 4IWmI Lake at., op stain*.
A LARGE red cow lost on the eight ofthe lire
from Ulcblgmu.it., a piece cut off.the right
horn, a bran uob on the other horn, whan last seen
had a chain about the neck, the finder will receive
i& reward by bringing her. To 19 North Carpenter
si. PAT FLAHERTY.
HOUSE left at stable day after fire, by a man call*
ing himself Blanch; ahe Is a bay mare 9orlo
years old, weighs about I.OUO pounds, is a‘little stiff;
also, taken op, a white cow and red heifer, which
owners can have by proving property, end paying
charges at stable rear of 341 West Washington at.
JAS. D. BECKETT.
r OST—On the morning ofthe great fire, a bay mare.
13 bands high, weight about 8» lb*., one tooth
broke off in upper jaw. black mane and tail; was last
-tenon North Market it., near Division at. The
findsr will be Itberallr rewarded by reporting the
same at 266 South Deaplainre st.. City.
LOST— Between Burlington crossing and Clinton
st., a black satchel, containing Insurance poli
cies and deeds of two booses. The finder will be liber
ally rewarded l>y delivering the same to 314Milwau
keeav. If. BUBGfIIM.
LOST— A sorrel chestnut horse, fifteen bands three
inebefl high, white stripe on nose, one hind white
out, nod marks of a rows! on bam of left hind leg.
Any information leading to the recovery of him will
be gratefully received aod liberally rewarded. C. J.
BLAIR, 225 Mlcbigao-ar.
T OdT—A suitable reward will be paid for the return
to 12 Eldridge court of any books or papers of the
Continental losnrabce Company of New York, and
of the (.oilneutalllnsnranee Company of Freeport,
111.
LOST— On the night of the fire. 2 trunks, marked
Mre. P. F. Stine, and one trnnk marked Mrs. 31.
L. Upton. If fonnd t*nd to 919 Indiana ay,
LOST— On Friday last, my bank book with O. Fol
lansbee A Bon. A anitaida reward will be paid
for its recovery If left at offic* of Kerr Davison, 63
Sooth Canalat.. QEO. W BHAPLKY
LOST— Tim evening ol the gn at fire, a small black
or pony hoiee; n- white upon him except a slight
mark In forehead; hair worn off from tail by cropper
sonv-four inches back Any one returning him to
171 West Washisgtoo-et., or informing where he can
he found, will be liberally rewarded. J. M. WIL
LIAMS.
LOST— During the fire, ledger and journal marked
••Trust Pubd," “Estate R. A. Alexander.”
and other accoont books concerning Alexander’s
estate, left in Lake Pnrk, front of Michigan «v.
Lll-eral reward will be paid for the above. J. B.
WALLER. 370 Wahash av.
LOS C—Or Stolon—A yellow leather valt«*. now. no
name or marks; was moved from 246 Wabash
av, inst before the flames caught opposite, and
thrown into an express wagon standing in front of
244 or 2*6 Wabash av. The contents are of no value
except to the owner. If retnrn*! to W. Z. HERR
MANN, 770 Michigan av, a liberal reward will bs
gtv-«.
LUST— A trunk marked M. Gill,on tho North Side.
Monday, the dar or the lire. When l»»t teen
was on a wagon passing by the North Side eat house.
Any person leaving ft at raid e*s boose, or 361 Car
rol at, will be suitably rewarded.
LOST —During tbe fire, ledger and journal, marked
••Trust Fund. Estate R. A. Alexander,** aid
other account books cenrorniußl Alexander’s wuta
left in Lake Park, front of Michlgan-av. Libe>al
reward will be paid for above. J. B. WALLER, 37u
Wabaah-av.
LOST— On the North bide, (a *Crayou portrait
plain gill frame, with the name Colonel J. P.
Miller, on the margin. The finder wil be suitably
rewarded by leaving It at No. 7SI Michigan avenue
corner Twenty-first street. A. KKITH.
LOSI' —On West Sid-. Monday n'ternoon, a saloon
licence, belonging to JAS. MURPHY. citvnnd
revenue, wrapped In white handkerchief. The finder
will pb m' leave It at 1 rlbnne office.
LOST— Uctuoer I Ith. a large thm roan cow. a little
lame on right bind hip, small horns rounding
in. The finder will please retnrn to 650 South Canal
at., and be rewarded for his trouble. 31RS. FOX.
TOS f—A loatber*i<>p buggy, taken from tho car
riage depot of 11. J. Edwards, No. 71 Adams st.,
on tbs night of the fire. The person having it will
please return it to tho owner and bo liberally re*
warded. JOHN F. KBERIIART. 11)1 Park av.
LOST— On tbe night of the fire, tup pluuton buggy,
nearly new. with dark blu* cloth lining, dark
green rnuning gear, gilt sniped, Pennoycr A Co.,
makers. A liberal reward will be paid for tha same
by OUNCES A BALLARD, Boat Estate' Broken;
479 Wabash av.
I OST—During tha fire, large black satchel, marked
jon bottom C. S. Waller, Chicago;’* pat»*r box
with lady's dress** and collars, maiked “Nannie
Trier large blue overcoat in paper bag, and other
bundles, mixed in wagon with goods of another t ar
ty, near corner North Clark and Goethe at*., and
pnt down «n Hunt of Lincoln Park House. Liberal
reward wilt be paid for tbe above. C. d. W ALLEB,
370 Wabash av.
T uST—Taken from Palmer House—two tranks, one
packing and one sole leather, canvas covered;
also. oneChand-satchcl, marked 8. C. Cumins. Chi
cago. A liberal reward will bo paid. Addrsss 20
State st.. corner Lake.
F'OUN !>—Life Insnranco paper* .>t 51.0 Wilbur,
at 359 Norlb Clark st. MILS. ANDKPS*-N.
F’OUND— A small bay mare, abool four rears old,
on the North Sido. at the time of the firo. The
owner ran have the same by paying charges. Apply
to B. SLEIGHT, 336 West Indiana st.
F’OOND— A lioree and bugs*. The owner oar
hare them by inquiring at So Ewing st„ proving
property, and paying charges.
F^ODND— lino robe, taken from livery stable rear
of Tremont Uonse, night of the tire. Owner can
bare It on proving property and raying charges. J.
H.O’OKADY. IST West K«ndolphnt.
MINING— Andrew J. MattHou, 01 Fort Wayne*
Ind:, who arrived in this cltr at J2:?o P.M. Sou*
day the 7lli lost., and has not since bwo beard from.
Mr. Mattison was 34 year* of age. ihoigblh Are feet
six inchesweight about >65 nonude, hair dark brown,
chin whiskers, rather sandy, complexion fair, eyes
blue, bald on the top of head. When leaving homo
ho woro a Masonic pin. and a sliver case watch. Elgin
moremeot. Any informitlon about him will ha
liberally rewarded hr addressing G. MAN'AtIAN, 900
>liehlgan*ev., or MRS. A. J. MATTISON, Fort
W ayne. Ind.
\f LYNCH can. by proving property and call
i»JL log at northwest corner Archer and Went*
worth art. hare her tronk.
ONE CIIKST of w»gdn makers* tools, saved Irom
the fire of Saturday night, October?; can be bad
at No. 75 Wwt Randolph st.
"IYKWABD—Of #SO for the return of a new. sMe
XV spring. Concord box buggy, painted black, from
I’eouoyer’a Novelty Works; tine cushion. J. 11.
ROSS, li47.Mlcbigan av.
RESCUED— From- the fire one light bay honr.
Call at No. 5, Twenly«dxth at. prove property,
and pay charge*. W. E. DOWNEY.
BfUAYEDur Stolen—On Oct, v, from lake shore.
uc*r Jackson at. one good siz^d-sorrel mam 10
rears old. white stripe In face, long tall, Idt hind
foot white, prominent scar on loft buttock. A liberal
reward will be paid npon return to D. G. UAMIL
TON. IMA Michigan ar.
SAVKp trout a broken trunk, from Ander
son s Hotel, some memorandum bunks, photo
graph, and p-pors. with the name of C. O. Wart.
Norwich, N. T.; can bs had at N,». 78 West Ban
lolph St., up stairs. K. C. CRO-SSM AN.
STBAYKD— From comer of Polk and Lafim-ste.. n
haavy team of horses, one bay-and <me gray. Th*
rewarded on returning them to JOHN
IV BITE, corner I’olk and Lafiin-sta.
CTRATED OR JsTOLER—On Oct. 9 from Lake
Snore, a good sized eorrrl mare, to rears old.
white face, long tail, scar on right buttock. A re
ward will be paid upon re I urn to D.O. HAMILTON.
IMS Michigan av.
S“*TOLEN— Black mare, very 1 sway back, tail
•witched off square, one hind foot white, a Ar
row white rim on on* for* foot. Boggy light drab,
open concord, right fore wheel spoke* loose. Who.
ever will return same to 1133 Prairie av, will be re
warded. J.BI,AD».
'PHE party wh« removed from the yard southwest
JL corner Michigan av. and Jackets at. and Lake
Park opposite, a large hamper and blanket contain
ing books, a Wlo-rUri vv||*oa tewing machine, Ac.,
will l>« lilierally rewarded by returning them to W.
U. UANIEBttK, 672 Michigan ar.
rpAKKN —From No. II Adams st. during the fire of
1. Monday, two bundles, one tied In a pieced quilt,
containing two pairs of pillows, a basket of on
ironed clothes, a silver fruit dish, and several other
articles; the other tied in a ahet-t, containing a hair
aattress, on* Urge and on* small silver salver, ana
one silver water pitcher. Any one giving informa
tion where they can be had will receive a liberal re
ward from Mrs. K. 51. BEVMOUB, care Win. C.
Grant. No. 45 lluhhard court.
f I'll a per»on who took trunk marked Mary K. Nr|-
X eon from Slarket it., between Elm and Division,
will be rewarded tiv leaving »t 1186 Stale sr.
TAKEN— By »n expressman, from the residence of
Governor Bros*. 202 Mirbtran av., on tbs morn
of the fire, a valuable picture painted by
Herring: a trunk marked ‘’Bros*. U. B, A.,” con
taining a velvet dross, ermine cloak, and papers
bearing name of the owner; a packing trunk con
taining woollen and linen clothing, and a package
of law papers; aud a package containing a lady’s
sw|as dr»s, trimmed with lace. Whoever haa the
articles named, all or any portion, will be liberally
rewarded by returning them to Tribune office. 15
Canal el., or at present residence of Governor Dross.
No. fi Sixteenth st.
"ANTED—Owner for n trunk marked ••ys,"
*v found near Lincoln Park: also, two oil paint
tags. AppU to JOB PHILLIPS. Lake View Police.
OOS* REWARD for the recovery of Ohrdollverr
wagon; 'oar name on the wagon; body
paiuted green; running gear red. ARMSTRONG A
00.. 3*4 Stare st.
REWARD Solo leather trunk, canvas
tfiJAre* covered, marked K. R T. A., Chicago; ]o«t
•n day ot fire; last seen going up Michigan av
ARMSTRONG A Co.. 3*4 Hrare.t. ,cn,e n T
REWARD lot delivery ates south storgan
v <-»w *t.. Chicago, ofa heavily carved Chickering
Plano, pedal broken off. and bundles of bedding
with two silver ice pitcher*, marked. The same
re removed by an expressman from 3t9 East la
•liana st., on Stoaday morning of the Are. October 9.
9un Reward for iofonnatioa leading to the recovery
>fss htnnr sewing machines taken from Lake Park
during the fire. J. N. Wilkin*. 167 Milwaukro ar.
MACHTNERY.
AMES’ EKGDTES. PORTABLES TO 40-HORSE
power; threshing, 8 and 10-horsc; dmhmw;
trull*, Poremon’B rrindlat* mills, corn ahullera.
bcltinr, etc. COLLINis EATON, Agent, 70 Sonth
Canal-et.
Bland ys’ stationary and portable
engines and saw mills, etc., at the old stand,
comer of Canal and WashlngtoMU. F. VT. NOR
THROP.
F'UK SALtI-l’nc* reasonable—Ooa leu h»rt« en
gine, one twenty horse boiler, lank and pnmp
ready fitted. To be seen at 47 and 49 West Lake si.,
up stain. Apply to WX. McOREGOR. 33 Sonth Ca
nal st.
FOR hALn—CoOra roasters, shafting and a ran of
stone* fnr asplen'mill. Apnh t«. THOMPSON
t TKiIPLETOS, |n9 Sonth Jefer»oo«st.
OR 'ALb—Meant eugiue h inch bore, *a inch
stroke: two tabular boiler*, hsater, pump, sbalt
int, t-ull-ys and belting. Will be told at reasonable
price. Terms lavorable. Address E. R, UPIIAM.
Tribone ©(Bee.
KOR SALE—Three rno Of four foot bnrr atone*.
Iwouowet A Babcock .Smnt crs, on- Richmond
linn Boater. Address D. UI’UAM. 1.-lbone
oSce.
F'OR SALE—Two superior portable steam engine*.
33 by SO inches; specially adapted ut saw.cniii
purposes.- Tbay are ready for delivery.
POOLE A RUNT. Baltimore. Md. 7
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER WANTED—To establish a commission
cl, T- Address, immediately.
wal. hINCLAIR, Tribune office.
ARTNAR WANTED—An active bnalneu mao.
with a few thousand dollars in baud, wishes to
iarouin semegood and safe husin-tt. Apply to U.
KENNEDY A Co., real estate broken. I*3 Weal
Madison st.
PARTNER- H ANTED \t itii *3,100 lu**,oW Casta,
to join me lo baying a drag and stationery i>osi
aoss.on- the 'Waat-SWe. l TAppiy. to. J. li. FOX, 71
Sonth Canal at, from 10 to a a.- iw.
PARTNER WANT£D-lti~ mtultnre stute and
repair shop; an bouest stralgbtforwa d business
m«n wanted or none. Will sell half interest for
ll.mn. fall at 77 Sooth HalstMt *r.
PARTNER W'aNTED—With 94U0 tu*6<W. or logo
Into the photographic bnslues*. Apply at 73 West
tvtnxla st.
PARTNER WANTED—Parties Ifishjog to re-es
tabllab a good husmew can flud a responsible
partner, with reasonable capital, at *3 liubbord
eonrt. JOHN M WAITE. S. K WELLS.
PARTNER WANTEO-A Latio-es man who can
•T command some capital wishes lo join some one
■»ho bad a holiness esubluh>-d before the fire, and
is about to resnmelt. -Wholesale boot and shoe busl
wes prsbrrvd- Addmn -MERCHANT, P. 0. Box
TO T.T! AKT!.
U'CR LEASE—A splendid lot on Madison sU, near
r Michigan SSxSO ft. alley on talh side*. Brick
or building on ground. Loug time, cheap. C. L.
iCSKS. 1> I Clark at.
'I'O LEASE—For Ju years. OOxisO. rut mint, on
1. Sonth (’lark at. tatw.ea Adntu* and Monroe sts.
vpply to J. W. FARLIN, at office of A. K. Wing A
Jo, 339 W abash av.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A GROCERY. with home and 3M years* leate. for
sale, on eat Lake at., now doing a cash bua|.
nees. A bargain to those applying soon. Address
GROCER. Tribune office.
A RARE yUANOt-The leading bat store of
Davenport. lowa, for aala. Address, WM. 11.
FARBANUn Davenport lowa.
A gentleman of large basinet* experience, good
credlU, and undoubted references desires to meet
with a gentleman commanding from U.fltt) to
>IO.OOO cash with a view to partnership In a jobbing
buaineee. Addreas EC. Tribune office.
A bargain can l>e had in small stock of stationery,
rjgart. Ac., cheat*, at MS West Randolph at.
BILLIARD HALL, with four tables, lor sale, cor
ner Delated and Twelfth sta.
BRUO STOKE, stock, fixtures, and lease fur sale.
First-class in ererr respect; doing a good bush
D*ei. Inquire at 919 West Madison it. In forenoon 01
evening only.
iKLO nroilE for sals on favorable terms; one.
Ishalf Interest, or the whola. of one ofthe most ete
gant and profitable retail drag stores in the city.
Location and trade first-dnss. including a very large
prescription bn-ines*. Sickness came for selling.
Address, with real name. CH. Trihoneoffjce.
FLOURING MILL and grist mill for sale or to
lease. One of the largest and best appointed
mills in the Eastern States, well situated to receive
grain and transport Da flonr, with alarg* local bnsU
ness. For Information spplyto F. C. KENNEDY.
Winooski Falls, Vermont; or JOSEPH SAWYER
ifi Channcy-st.. Boston. Mass.
First-clan* ui'AiiDixo house, in good locT
tion. with 30 paving boarders; fnrnitnre mostly
new; rent l»w: will sell for lest than cent, aod
make terms to snlt.
Dry goods store un Lake st.. near Union Park: 9
veara established: no old stock; lease long, and rent
low. Can make rent free by snb-letting balance of
boose. No b-r.us wanted. Will take *2,'*o for goods
or cost at wholesale prices. This chaoco is worth
>I.OOO to any one, GKO. H. HRS*. residence, 932
state st.: 359 Warren av; from if to 3.
F’Olt SALE UR EXCHANGE—A spacious two*
story frame house, with larg- stable, wagon
yard, and all the appnrtenancesof a first-class hotel.
Including bar-room, favorably known as the Ameri
can House, is for sale on such terms, which, upon in
vestigation, would be found to insure a large and
Immediate profit. It i« aftnated on corner of Market
and Peer sis., one block from the depot of the P. P.
B. B.; also, the Springfield and Northwestern
Railroad. In th- thriving town of Havana. Mason
Coouty, 1)1.; two more roads to 1« undertaken the
next spring. Tba hon«e is In good repair, and is well
patronized by transient cu-tom and regular l-oarders.
The proprietor want- to dispose ef hi* premises nn-y
for the res-on «»f health bring in a poor condition.
Terms, h-I f cash, balance in Chicago property i<r *n
goods. For further particulars apply to JACOB
>CHAU»TUN. Proprietor, or to M;tIUADEK d
BROTHERS. Beal Estate Agents, 133 Randolph it.
Chicago.
FOR SALE—A rare opportunity for tailors; R
months’ lease on store and house 107 Madison st.
coroer?DespUlaes; also a fine stock of clothing:
cheap for ca-b.
FOR SALR- Yoncan bnv the Hardware. Tinware,
Tinners’ Tools Store Fixtures, and rent a store,
at 397& W »-st I.*ke.st., if cslle I for anon.
L'Oit sALk—A UUiiU PAYING UKtiCERY AND
i provision store, with hoilding. on one of th-
streets in the city, with a good run of custom: cheap
TMrdVv 0 App,J 10 L U YUIBER-
FOB SALK—The “Bob Roy House,** No. 1006 State*
st.; buildioe. hat 17 sleeping rooms, aiding
rooms, barroom, kitchen and barn. Terms cash
Apply on premia**. PKTKR SKI 1,1,.
FOR Sa£e—A 2 story building, tenement above
.and store below, with or withoat stock of groce
nes. In Grtnnell, Iowa; two railroads and 2.c«fl In.
S.»l r ai U a; p,irtc ,h balance time. Address BUSI
NE>e. Tribune office.
t’OB SALE—The le tee and fnrnituro of the Blenis
Md West Randolph. In
anwof THOS.KENDRICK.42 East Twelfth-st. or
H. FRANC!?*. ZjU West Randolph.
OB SALK—OR RENT—A fouoilry and machine
shop at aok»can, *n running order. Inqulte
of K. L. I.AMII. 64 South Jefferson at.. Chicago, or
W.B.A C. A. U RItDF.X. Waukegan. or
Tj*Oß SALK—Mock of hardware, stores, and tur-
L nace. with lease of building, good location, onlr
store of tho kind in the neigltboi hood. Onlv small
capital required. Good chance for a tinner. Inquire
atISM Stalest.
FOB SALE—For cash, grocery store No. 97u West
Madl«oo at.
Photograph gallery for saw at Bine i»i.
and. Cook County, 111.; 2.000 Inbabitniits; terri
toryunsurpassed; no opposition within Umiles; 1
have bought a stock ofseods. and must sell. Addren
W. B. BOUTWELL. Price 65V1.
r PO KENT—One*half of a fird-rhut merchant
tailoring establishment for gentlemen’* furnish*
Ing goods only, in one of the best locations In tbe
city, already fitted np for immediate occupancy.
Apply at 6iM State at.
TO RENT—And lunilrnre for sale, a finl-class
boardinghouse on Michlgao-av., near Twelfth
st. cheap lor cash. Address NORTH COTE. Tribune
office.
TOMILLERS-A SEW GRIST MILL FOR SALE
or to rent, at Radne. Wie. It is located close
to the harbor and the W. U. B. B. Denot. For oar*
ticnlara, address VAUGHAN A WILLIAMS. Ra
cine, Wis.
TITANTKp-A party with tt.lion cash, to Uke a
•v half Interest in a planing mill, well located
and running extra Urns. Address BUSINESS Trib*
uoe office.
WUOLESALK (jKOOKHY STOCK AND BDSI
**l6, free of bonn«, and store lor
lo»9»>. Dealring to retire from business. w« offer as
ftbore. The store is 23 fret wide, I4U feet deer. 4
■tones nigh, 9 feet deep-cel(ar. This affords a rare
chine* to enter an established business of 3t rears’
standing, iu one of tbo Urgesi ami most nourishing
Titles tu Indiana. Address 127 XX. care of Tribu
office.
I
"lOn HOLLA Its -1 omit man of good ml*
—jOv \J dress, with the aboT*tsatn*l ctpitH), to
oureha*- an equal interest in a business here, winch
baa already paid the writer »‘«i.oou at the Kaat. For
Particulars, address DK. a. tl. PKATT. No. 233 Weal
\Va*hlneton «t., Chfcaeo.
MISCELLANEOUS.
A YOUNG man of good basinets qualification*,
who has at his Immediate command gi.ooo. will
nave in one yoar Sl.Otw more, and has had several
year* mercantile experience, desires to enter Inti*
r a! e vi h, v w ,th man of Chlc.go, in a safe,
profluble business. Hardware or grocery trade pre
lowud‘DArlr U: BUSINE:>c} P U. Box, 810, Geo>gf.
W. ELLIS, Law Office, Ui West Madison at.
CUA». IlfcLK, formerly at No, 67 East Randolph
st., can be found at No. 76 West Adams st. Will
giro contract for 230.000 paper boxes. Report at
once.
Dn D ICES LEGALLY OBTAINED FOB DB*
sertlon, cruelty, Ac. Fee after decree. Eight
years* experience. Address Post Office ins 7.
DO. HAMILTON A CO.. UUS Michigan a?., be
i fore in a. m. and after 3 p. m.
CVAdHIONb-Upcn eg*ln-Mra. D. A. Jackson is
A opening an entire nevrstock of millinery goods
aud dress patterns at 301 West Madison at. A con.
tinuatinn of former patronage solicited.
lo*.?*I o B.—Members of Maurice Maysr Lodge, No.
ia> 1. ti.lt B. are reqoesled to meet at Brother
t?**® 156 Third av., tine 'Thursday) evening, at 5
o’clock. By order of PHILIP rtTKTN. President.
t. WILL exchange ttty tarsi ofvo acre# for Chic-go
land. Tuts farm is situated in Manchester City,
low* amongst business faclllll-s, churches. and
schools of Ihehighest order. A good bargain can he
bad- lop Information Address JAS. O. UCNN'K
MAN. No. It<3 Mlcbigan-av., Chicago. HI.
T T. RAWLEIGH.A CO., flour and feed, corner
u Green and Monroe sts.
LAW, Loan and Collection Offlce of D. J. MON
attorney and notary. 153 Madison at.
MC. IN A ACS. steel wire broom and brush facto
rr. ifA Third av. Send In yoqr orders.
WNKRB of famished houses In dies South Dt
,i,,i.u‘-L?.nJlri le r ,ri K* J" or sell, comrauni.
cate with rKKD, L. AK E A CO., 540 Michigan av.
OGi.IDE.STAL CUNBISTOKY—Tbs members of
the consistory are requested lu forward me im
mediately their present residence and place of hu«l.
neas on Tih of October. HENRY C. BaNNEY.
Thirty-third degree. Comtnauder-ln-Chlof, WJ In
dUosav.
OFFICE Of jEtna Insurance Co.. GOODWIN A
PASCO. 43 South Canal-et, aad 555 Wabash av.
rpHK Inventors* Exhibition and Patent Right As-
A aoctation, 12 Warren-at.. N. Y., solicit, exhibit,
an«ldiy»»o °f patent# and patents goods. Palenl
lughl Gazette, price 10c. Aaenta wanted,
TUE larwell Hall Laqndry removed to947M»)i
■on st.; all orders from my old customers or new
ones, sent hy mail, will be attended re; goods tak«n
and delivered Dee of charge. MRS. H. A. tIAINSh.
ARMAN A STOUHB.Law Ufflco, 7 Park-row.
experienced carpenter and
builder to come to Chicago, with ten or twelve
Ojfn. to superintend work. Address GEORGE JEN
NINGS, Box 1913 Lvanslon, 111.
W^ A «TI D 7l?° brok to the
field. Address OU 51, 303 West Madison et..
Hoom ft.
Ilf ANTED—To purchase. In large orsmall quat
titles, old Iron, copp-r, and brau: also t»o
second-hand platform scales, for which will par the
higheat cash prices. Market *t.. between Randolph
and 55aibingtoo st«. y
\V A s LKD-To boy an interest in the goodwill of
•wwspappr in Chicago that has been crippled
bjj the fire. Addrees U. B. WUiPPLE, Carlinrille.
W A l i:p r flw tOD »of old iron; the high*«t
MKYFR AOI P ld AWIT W 3t M
WANTED— PaninT with caen capital oi from
Slo,oco to tzn.onn m the beet paytnc busiaeu in
this city. Artdrest BUSINESS, this office,
W^-'JTKD—AO tune ot nrime baled Tuuothy.|iw7r
VV Call ur address A. L. TRDSIAX. 395 Mate st.
W a the Boot Trade-Work by a good
utter; alto female operator in want of work.
Address S, Vt ICKS. 53 West Kenkae st.
Si 000 t «*>-500 to inve.t with a responsible
in k o*inre".or eitnallon in
P V «^n b on .*r\ r a l<ma money to employer,
s V U 1 1 n .°S^‘ l ln li mor. Addrea? or call on J.
A. Jj.. «4fl Jiadlaon et.
ITNANOIAD.
MOSEV advanced on inanrance policies. claims
prepared and coUacted. at 66 Weat Madison #t.
aontß* 2 and 3.
*\YONKY LOAN ELI ON DIAMONDS. WaTCUES,
nd Pirjonal property. or tha lain"
bought TLJiMCLIFF, 423 Hast Jackson at., for
merly 133 Petr bom st.
H'O LOAN—Money on diamonds, watch**, sliver
ironVt* US'S or T' l l Ik, JAMES B.
STOREi. >Ol booth Cllnton-at.
TO LOAN- k l'.fiOO.on Chicago real estate, at 10 per
cent, U. F. COY, 20 West Madison st,. Rooms
13 and 14.
\1 AXTEI>—To Invest a lew thonsaod dollars caib
in a paying bnsinesa. Address at once, statins
foil parttsoUrs. 89. Janesville. Wja.
VI ANTLD-fo invest 9/,i(nor C3.UAI In some pay.
inglmsioets or speculation, state nature of
boslnees. Address KB, Triton* office
n rapa chance to doable It in ten days.
3>UUU. If yon have the money in band and mean
basinet* call at I2So Wabash av to-day.
554- 000 T n estate; alsoafew
y\z Jbeojaudoq ghost time, with good
collaterals. Out of the rntoa. raauy t»r business and
gkuty ofplock. B. F. DOWNING ACO.VdJo W».
OHO 70 A UAii bnaiuvea firm onlTtr
u- i S' real estate seenrity. No commie,
ston asked, but an interest in the profits of (he Lnal
aTdl.A IIlT• -^"refereocM^J B
SIOO.OO0 li,'i^du 1 i,'i^duS e rg’ r r,J, bt |!i d fi;:
paipoMaoDlr. i^Uor.dJr, u=S 7 JllclilV.n-.,
£200.000 gajsjga-
PERSONA!*.
I m L .l A IEL 5 0M of Wool White-
Vi»?n v hJi I J dr b T mail to A. F. FOX’
t-Dlcaao. he will h*»r of oomethlng to his advantage.
H. Morrison. Fullerton av.,
a...* /a 1 »t. office of Gersral Tirket
MorthWe t rD lU,,wwr FisE l
pEBaONAL-Wanted. the prewataddress of John
1 A Twle, real estate, formerly of Clifton ilonse
t.'iT.M 0 ‘Arcade eonrt. Address GRANT GOOD
RICH, I* booth Clinton <t.
'PERSONAL—Wanted to find the partlse formerly
j- living at No. 333 or 321. llarlburt st.. to whos
bonse some goods wer* carried OcU9, from the bouse
H' °i.h 9‘*7ke. Please call on G. O, C. CUrfca or
J. W« EMndge. to Kldridgecourt. 1
PERSONAL— W.Ri Ur. Y. Lee Smith please call at-
J. ft. Smith** A Co.’s, 36 West Randolph st.
Something verv Important.
PERSONAL— Lady, West Madiavu Monday alter,
noon, dropped package, please s»qd address to R
u>, Tribune office.
PERSON.\L— Any larorraatioo given of John J.
Ilanly or Daniel llaoly will benhankftaliy r**-
cvljrri bv their brother anti eister. MRS. JOHN
M.ULAUKA. northeast corner Third and Market
sts., PbiUdclpliia, Pa.
PERSON A L—Prof.sspr Amasa AlcCoy-lnforma
llon much desired of the whereabouts *.f the
J U-CsPALM, L. U- AUOBICK. S!
T li— Will the lady who gave some property
TO RENT—HOUSES.
FOK BENT—A LARGE BUAbOI.SU HOUSE. iH
Hotel; also, 3 Billiard Tables 'or sals cheap; al*
I large store and basement to r»i t. Kent reamnahls
Inquire at J. LADNDEE’S, (or. Douglas plsw *a
Cottage Grove ar.
TO lthNT—4s4 Micbtgnu itv.. between Ttitrieenlh
»d<l Fourteenth its., Dae residence. marble
(rpat. 13 room*, all modero improvements, with or
without furniture.
SENT— fO&\ cash buys tbe entire furniture
A vr D °f R>room of boose till May I. Apply at
arptv Adaraiat. None hoi cash customer* need
f boose on Wentworth ar, near
P-ii y h J ,t room*, for *6O. Fort Wavot
t a t Wm ,t0p Address J. S. JOHN
tltO BKNT—N<calyfarni<>hedbno«eof Brooms; has
2 lai«J [nproTemon Reat *5lO for six
months, map Indiana as, near Twenty.third at.
TO RENT—A beautiful large cottage So. 220 South
«m location! 1 Fiirniinn St »J
complete. Parties wishing to rent house most par*
cus-e the entire huasrhold goods, i’ricr $2 QUO
Apply at house from A to 8 a. m. and 6 to Bp.m.
TO RENT— A good dwelling on Price place: also
room* on Jackson st.. and dwelling, I3| West
Jackson st.. with modern Improvements and gas tlx*
tores. Apply to Wil. MEGLADE, 127 West Jacx
son st.
'DO RENT—By ISAAC K. HITT. Beat Estate
A Agent, 238 West Randolph st.-3 large houses,
furnished, and 3 cottages with beautiful grounds at
Eranstoo. A large list of house* and stores to rent
vu West snd ©ontb Sides.
TO UHST—By 11. C .Morey, H6 Watt Madison
st, furnished house. Adam* st. near Reuben st
-3-story, and barn. 8150 per mouth; at. re 32x42,
southeast corner Madison and Soithwestern av.
r PO KENT—Or for Sate—new 2-story. 10-room
.^-.5 01, I ep ,ot West Jackson st. Apply to
C. M. LININGTON.93 West Monro*
TO KENT—And furniture for sale. 4S South Curtis
A *i- Inquire i n the premiss*. W. B. HOUGH-
TO KENT—Tbe neat cottage house 423 Cottage
Grove av, with tnrnhur- therein. Terms, *35
per month. Apply on the pretni«es.
fT'O KENT—The 8 room cottage IS3 South Hoyne-
A st.; rent 825 per month, conditional on burins
the furniture; has always rented f.-r#33 per mouth;
is iu excellent order. Call at the house.
FOK KENT—And sale at tliusdaie a tew cihnl
houses well located. Terms easy. W. ROBBINS.
Hinsdale.
140 BENT— Aneleeant 3-stnryand basemen thonss,
marble front. IS rooms, tn splendid condition:
modern imptovements; within one op two blocks <1
Cdi»d Park; rent reasonable. PHIL. F. SCa NLAN.
41 Hubbard court, between Waba«b av and State at.
TO RENT—Furnished or partly furnished, the Me-
A gantf-ur-stonr marblr-fmnt Loose, 121 Calu
met av. Apply on the premises.
TO RENT —The house iNo. S3S 3ltchlgao av.,’or
busiocss i-urpoacs. to a responsible* party, for a
term of rears. The house is a few doors south of lb*
Michigan av. Hotel, now the Tremont House. Apply
on the premises.
H'O KENT—A 2-story and basement frame dwelling.
1. No. 35 Cottage place, convenient to Thirty-first
It. Depot and Cottage Grove nr. csr«; with wster
and gas. *4oper month. BAIRD BRADLBV. 65
'•otiili Canal *t.
TtO UK NT Welt Side, near Jeffer-on Park. 10
room brickhouse. new, cicely furnished; part of
'nrnitnro ror sale. Address Room 13, No. 151 West
Madison-st.
f l'o KENT— Home of 10 rO’-ms, No. SOn Michigan'
1 av., furnished or nnfurn ished. enitable for store,
offices, or boarding house. For particulars apply on
the premise*.
IJ*OU RENT—For two or five rears, Ml Wabash av,
belweet, Harmon court and Twelfth st., ihre*
storv and basement stone front. Z7x6n; lot 27xiiv>:
brick stable on in foot »]lo». Can be altered to suit
any business. Also Nos. m 3 and M\ same as above
cm also be rented. AVUES Jc EuFF. all Wa
bash av.
fpOUEST-A nice 9 room house, on Pralrie-av.,
1 near Tweniy-sixth-at., with furniture complete:
lieda. bedding, cutlery, kitchen furniture all in first
wilt b l«U May. Call on WILL
IAMSON. 359 State-st.
KENT—Furnished him-**. including piano, on
X entworth av., near corner Thirty- first st.; *SO
per month. \V O. nill.R. 7V Wabavh av
•I O RENT-llouso. 579 Prairie av. near Sixteenth
E- st, 3 stori-s, French roof anil basement; 13
rooms; fnrnltnre foreale. Apply at house.
rpo RENT— First-class brick dwellinr, corner o»
X and Mar»hfli-IJ-av. Inquire of ALEX
ANDEIt A DE.\N, Attorney*. 137 West Madison st"
rpo ÜBST-A cottage, with basement, suitable for
FO It BENT—And furniture for sale cheap—First
floor of a first-class h<>nse; all modern improve*
m»nta; with barn. Dnrn*ide at.
DK RENT—A collage of 8 rooms. Inn first-class
>u-ghixirhood; furnltnr* for sale cheap. Apply
at 507 W eat Monroe et.. near Hoyne,
L'DR KENT—For two or fiveyears.sll Wabash av..
I between Ilannon conrt and Twelfth et., three
story and basement stone front, 37x60; lot 37x165'
brick st able on 40 foot alley. Can be altered tn suite
auy business. Also No*. .’i-LJ and 5|5, same as above,
can also be rented. AYUF.S 3t KOFF. Ml Wabash av.
tj'Oß KENT— Iraiun- J-ttely, a neat cottage with six
rooms nnd furniture tor sale, WO Fulton at.
X'OK KENT—lloueo lainllhe.t or otherwise No. 7uo
av. Apply to 769 Wabash av. F. A-
fIH) IlKNT—With furniture, a c>mv<-nleut 3-stnrv
well b«catfd; gas and water. JACOB
C. M AG11,1,. 13 South Onrti*-st.
f |'U BENT—A n*-w frame house, II rooms, Wlllmot
X av. above Leavitt st; *3O per month. PAUL NO*
HOLESKI. 136 West Washington at. Possession im
modiaiely.
REST A 3*sforr brick hon-ra of M roam*;
A _ »»l* b »ra. No. 74 Hsnore-st. SNY
DER LEE. Leal Fs’«ie Agents, South llalsted
st., corner Handolpb, Masonic Building.
rrOKENT-The 3-story aud basement brick build-
J. lug, 24 Bixti-entb st. and fHrninire for sale.
House has all moJura improvements. Jnuolre en tbs
premises.
I U RENT—On the Side, a furnished house
X of “rooms at *M per m»nth. pne block Irum
Street rer*. Inquire at 33 Wabash av.
fJ'OUKN I—To a euiMll iamily.a nicely furnished
X home near Twenty-Second st. Present yecu
pants desire tn remain a« boarders. For purttcul its
address a f. Tribune office.
T" htSASE—New nrirblo front building 156 W«t
I. Lake at., centre of bu*ine*e, 25 rooms; leaae for
aale. with (urailuro, If desired. Call immediate!*
on pramhe*.
pp UKNT--T0 a small family, part of dwelling
A house I«3 Twrotystxth at., containlogflre rooms,
with closets, pantries, etc.
THv ll i\T“* l jr for wl*-to«tag# lirnse of 6 rooms on
#,t 'an Bureo at., insieastof Cali orma av.:
iii ro au :l.y T^°J,l f d r month, or valu*. il.Ow
J?* UUuLNIN, ileal Estate Broker. 4t7
cat Juckann at.
0 KENT—Cottage of 6 rooms, basement. and
A water, will sett the whole, or any part offnrni*
tore, at eaenflee; rent, ra per mouth. Apply on
pr-tnise*. 30* fwanty alxth si.
F U Cottago of 8 room*, and part of
tur ,r **n b* •—ti from Ito9 p. ni.
until November 1. C, J. BOOKIVS. Walnnt at.
fpO KENT-Furnished house of ten rooaie. In*
1 qnin» 1227 Wabawh »r.
rpu Uh>T-yu iVivaALE— LAitUe. as l> -OIA LL
J MAiUUKKN 809 Cheatant-ai!;
TO RENT-STORES. OFFICES. &e.
r PhKNT—Troal room for office purposes. 118
A Third ar.
riio 11BNT—A good 2-story, and 3 stall barn.
J. Morticing machine for sale. Address 740 klw*
ing at.
IIEST-Room .SxSO ft. suitable for mannfac*
A taring purposes, haring steam elevator, etr. Lo*
cation, t’aual at., between Washington and Maui*
•on at*. SNYDER A LEK, Ile-I Estate Abbuu
Room 9 Ma*onic Uniidlo*. corner of Ualsted and
Randolph ate.
f|tU Rr.N I—oihce. trout room in house 659 Waba*h
X ar; 900 per month. W. O. COLE, T36 Wabash ar.
FOR KENT-OfficernomaatW East Harrison at.
between Clark and State MS.
TO KENT—Office* and room* in building 00 south
-*V l ipwu-a or C .l“ Tk
ui v. L. JESKS. on tbs premises.
I'V lIE-l IE -e T BI MS n, ?9 t 20x6S Second floor »xtoo.
X lake front. Michigan ar-, corner Harrison at
Apple on premise*; suitable Cir ahntncrwphers.°
tort ItbNl—lor bQßiueM purposes, the elrunnt
r J«Wnoce, No. ftO Wabash ar.; also, large brick
oarn In she rear.. Rental moderate. Apply on the
1 u,Qc "«»t Maili-Qatt.Mjoming
J7*. p r ,or or»toara at reuosable fignrtw. Call
•t beat*. or at S3 Market at. v
WO KKM-o(Reee •oil«blo for battle?, railroad.
X inturance, law or other mirpotes, In the boildln?
now known at the UlenUUllocte, on the north****
cornerof C nal and Randolph att: it in the heart of
batlnwt. Inquire of W. U. FRANCIS, ZU Weat
Randolph *t.
T !Jj?^~ Ltr8 tunl l** lor for office. COi Mlcb-
FUU ULJfT—A Unto ator* 30x170 on Canal at. b*.
Waabioctoa and Madiioo ots. U. S. HUB*
UARD. Jr.. TU South Papal w
BENT—two offices. to b* heated i.y iinig
T and lights! hr tu. R. W. Bt.ATCnrORD jm.
r |'o RB.NT— Satiated in the citv of dlattoon. 11l
X the beat store morn, and in the best location of
ddnn
TO KLNT-Io Thompson's Bl.icx. store nod hue*
meut. each 23x70. height of colling u feet, aaila
weforany first-class business; fire-pmof vault to
I* built is tame. WJI. iX. TUOUTSOS, S» West
JIVlKnn-it.
TO ULNir— Brick building, v, be nmlrr roof in
th f.°VT^ K n corner of WV-t Lake and Clinton ets
L?kt b «t* f r UnU tc J V LB MOYNE. 48 West
TO RENT-ROOMS.
r r^£™Ti;!j 0 0m bcd roo closet, pert
j to one or twngentlemea. fit Loom
i* ei, down slain, near Jefferson Park.
r P w snlu of fnrnlihed rooms; also ua
J. famished rooms. 467.fr Michigan ar.
FSS>P.£s£l’» J M Tf" finished sleeping mom.
.nl*.f cb -e roantle. and large eleset.
uEli^.«o- t J^ or o mo 7 room for
it *sn ri wH. O^ 0 011 reference required. Apply
at an. its West Adams et.. near lUUusi.
I O UKN f—six inrniaued room*, witti or wntnmr
r ®o*rJ. alto tarnished parlor, sitting and dining
rooms, three bodrdotns. kitchen. with store saltabl*
KOBdLT. IHOWest Twelflh-et.; corner dt Jefferson.
miwmb 2 and 4 p. m, or ft to 9a. tn.
'pOBIeNT-Ntc* front room. 3Ur35 feet, second
X floor, new brickhnildlo* So. izi West Wa>blog>
ton *t. Enquire at Great Western Type Foundry,
20 Bandolpu it,, up stairs.
r po RENT—Booms for housekeeping fur man and
X wife. Also, furnished front parlor, at 395 West
Jackson it.
f|tO hEN r— Booms and nthcee in a marble-front
X house. So. 564 Michigan it., with board if de
sired.
rpo RENT—A desirable famished front room, with
X fire and light, sellable for one or two gentlemen;
one small roots. Inquire at 73 South UaUted-et...
third floor.
TO KENT—Hyde Park—Furnished rooms, agitable
for housekeeping, tapper month. W. o. IXILE.
‘jft Wabash ay.
r pO UENT-J>aairablo rooms, either famished or
J- nofurnlsbed, for OSes or midence. Apply at
378 Michigan av.
RENT-Two large welt furnished room*, tor
_l__lo»l£lag nfi West Jackson at.
WANTED TO EXCHAEi^e.
X'OB EXCHANGE—For-brick; riser lot; 280 fnt
■k fronton river Dear Douglas place:
m-nt offered SNIDES A LEK, Real EeuuAseau
bnlfflSL Jiß^ W COr HiaK
M.,^^V UA 5 Gfi 4 u BCre Dear Uibsuu Mai ion on
Michigaa Cootral Railroad, with now honseand
for pniperty »n the burnt district.
A good, hntae. Apply to ARNOLD XCO
GrekoeHaum A Co/a Hank. 16 North Canal et. W
\irANTED-Vo exchange tor teal sstate In the
*T Burnt District, a etoek of flrat elasj'drugs
goods and grocert»a,-with store and lot. In otw
Southern Wiaeouiln;
wonld pay the difference, If any. to money. This is
v*^n c v? l l“^' r.* fl r* l cU Investment, Address
E. E, B\AN. 47 Canal at.
HOUSEHOLD. GOODS
Is 0 Brackett, I elegant
r drop light. #100; 47 yds velvet carpel. 84.00 per
T’J 5 3r, yueUnwbr carpet, Ssc; 65 yds elegant body
Brussels carpel, Meet atyle, worth **.«o per yd. M.U
WANTED—MALE HELP.
WANTED— Tinner to takcclmrgoofa ahopi a
country. Good reference prr.Vired. Adi--..
W. D. FORBES. tioublette. 111. 1
WANTED— An effeetlvo and first-class
salesman by a Boston carpet hon<e. .via.,,,
with reference* P. O. Bof 2391. Boston. Mass
TXrANTED-Saletmen to sell goods by sample
*T wholesale; liberal salary paid. AtlJre«« m
BROWN A CO.. Chicago. 111.
WANTED— 35good carpenters at McDuCG L
JMcKIN LEY’S. Nos. 43 and 44 North Saogaaot
sts; aleo, 3 machine hands.
TTTaNTED—Card plate printer; none butsnr«T
VY class need apply. Address A. P. BRIGGS a
Woodward av. Detroit, Mich.
\l7 ANTED—SOO men for C. B. &Q. K. K.. Ilhuoir’
if 300 men for Jr SI. L. S. R. K., Michigan; ii>i
men for SI. A N. R. It.. Wisconsin; farm hand* and
taw mill bauds: also, female help to tbe country
Free fan —no office fee—to all placet. ANDREW G*
BING A CO.. No. 33 Milwaukee ar.
WASTED— Tw.. men t«* work in a barn, Inquire
of J. HOFFM aN, 12 Nortn Clinton st.
WANTED— A good tinner. Apply early at iim
Htate-at.
riTANTED- A drug clerk of two or three years’
TT experience. Apply at Hfg Stale st.
ANTED—Tn go tn the country two custom c<>*e
nmkor*. Apply at 071 Wabaah-av. U.KOHN
\V AN T ED—SOO.ono Brick; either new or a-cond
baud. Send proposals to SNELL, TAYLOR A
CO. 368 Wabash av.
\\f ANTE:*— Blacksmith to work on lutnc uuegtr*
Tl and sprint wagons. Address DINEENBKu’*
Sioux City, low.
rifANTTp—A smart, energetic young man In a
retail piodoce easiness; recnmmaudatlom re
Apply at Stall l. Broadway Market, corner
totals and Twenty-second-sts.
11/ ANTED—Two German teamsters, who can
,*P«»k English and give good reference. 3*#
West Van Bnrrn st.
WANTED— At once, JO mason* and bricklayers
also 100 laborers. Mechanics’ and Mamufac
tnrera* Exchange. 669 State «t.
t«rANTED—Boiler maker, one gang of miter*.
immediately. B.cady employment at highest
wages. STEVENSON BEOS, Petrolia. Ontario
Ca-.ada.
U7 ANTED—A first-dess tsleatnaa fora job print
ing and blank book manufacturing establish
ment. who are. also, wholesale bookseller* and
stationers. One who has trade contiguous to St,
Louis preferred. Address R. E., Michigan Hotel.
Chicago, for two iL\rs.
llf ANTED—A good Q rntau prescription drugsi-t,
who understands tbe business perfectly. Apply
VS4 South Halated st.
WT ANTED—To go toouth, 50U laborers; steady
»T work; sore pay and no fee. Call at 106 West
Randolph st. after 12 noon.
WANTED— Railroad laborers aud sawmill bands
to go out to-day. Free fare. E. A. ANGELL.
>1 >4e«t Rendolph-st.
W ANTED—To-le*v» this day, 5o railroad laborers
I for southern Illinois, free fare, nn office fees;
wages B.MO per day. Apply at 195 West Randolph st.
TX. ANTED—Iu a first-class silk and fancy dry
»T goods lions*, {Q New Tort, several gond tales*
men havinga Western acquaintance in Wisconsin.
lowa and Illinois. Any one losing their sitnation by
the recent nre, this will bo a good opportunity. Ad*
dress Box 953. New York.
W’ANTED— Immediately—six first-class trunk
makers. BUOUKS, CIDELMAN A CO. To
ledo, Ohio, October 15.
WASTED— A traveling agent for a wholesale
liduor bouse in Bi. Lonls. who can command a
good trade l» the North and Northwest. Nona but
an experienced salesman accepted. Undoubted ref
•rence required. Address J. B. GIUO CO.. St.
Lon:a, Mo.
WANTED— A Pressman, one who cnderiUnd*
getting forms ready for a Gordon ureas; none
but an experienced hand need apply. J. C. DRAKE,
corner Madison and llalsted sts.
WANTED—A competent man as foreman In a
planing mill an' West Twenty-second st. Nona
but first-class men need apply. Address, stating
s-lary expected, relorences. £c.,J K B. Tribune
offie*.
U' ANTKli—2»»cabinet makers. 3 upholsterer*. and
3 machine men. at SWINEY’d Cabinet Factory,
corner ef Kiozle and Renben sts.
\lTANTED—ucanditiavian clerk in notion store,
vv Applv at UO Milwankee av.
TXTA NT ED—lmmediately, to go to Milwaukee, a
ft good f..rwnrdoi and ruler for blank book work.
Apply to HADLEY BROS.. “33 Stale it.
WANTED IMMEDIATELY—TweIve good stone
masons and twelve grwt laboring men. Apply
at the corn-r of Clark and Maple st*.
WANTED— A 6desman for a first-class blank
book and printing establishment. Ons who has
an extensive acquaintance with connty courts pre
ferred We are also engtged in wholesale books ami
atimnnsry. Address 1305. St. Lonls. 3ta.
\\f ANTED —3OO more railroad men for (7. B. A Q.
B, R. Frtefare;no office fee. Apply at No
-3 Mdwankee av. ANDREW O. DING ACO
Ur ANTED—A ntmcil utter and steel letter cutter'
at JOHN C. HILTON*. I fiS West Lake at.
\\f ANTED—Salesman for a first-class boot and
shoe house In an Eastern city. To a person
haring a large, first-class trade favorable terms wilt
bn made. Engagement to commence now or first of
next season. Address HOWELL A CO., Avenno
House, corner Twnntv-eecoml st. and Wabash av.
WANTED—TTTM' A T.T, HTTP,
WANTED-A teacher to take charge of the liter
ary department in a female seminary. Salary
vv?V washing. Address D. S.
WILKtNaON, Capa Glrardran. Mo-
IV ANTED-Olrla cf every nationality, for all kinds
0< h-usework: also two German girls for same
family. Apply to HUS. THOM PSON. ling State
Vx ANIED-Glris with sewing machines, to make
licks and bag* aud pick hair; cabinet makers*
and npbolsterei s. D. F, BACON CO., li 3 Twenty*
second at. 1
WANTED-A good cook at 793 Michigan av, im-
UJ TED -A good swede or Norwegian girl to do
general booMwork in a small familr. Apply io
person at 459 Monro* st.
\V AN f ED—A girl to do dining room auactiam
t>sr work, at 73 West Lakest.
U r ANTED—A good cook and second girl, at 4M
abash av.; references require*!.
r ANTED—A girl for general housework; man
boa good washer and irooer. no other need
applv. HQ -nnlb Green at.
WAN I ED—A girt aa general aerraut. «o»c t*> a
ruck! cook, washer and iroaer. Goq<* waeas
and permanent pUc* for a good girl with first-clas*
rf former*. Applv at 6Zi Weet Adams at.
SITUATIONS ’WANTED- MALE.
OITUATION WANTED—A sufferer by tbs flrs,.r
_,?* yem 3 5^t nee io mercantile pursuits. with
fkTii 0 .VK in this city and
throughout the Northwest, able to produce the nigh*
est testimonials. Wants a situation; t'liicasu prefer
red, but will go to any point where hi* a Trices will
command lair compensation. Addreas J. L-. 21 ff«s,
Washington »t„ City, car-aJ. L.Kme*.
OirUATION WANTKD-Uari..g been hnrnedont
O and lost everything, would like a situation a«
hooaaeeper. or to do writing of anv kiud. or any
other Imameas. Am willing togo to any city or tor, a
It* the Cmtsd States. Can give good references. Ad*
dress C. NS ILHAMS. Tribune ogee.
SITUATION WANTED-In some wholesale bail*
ness, by a Mn.dy. reliable young mao. F.ood ref
ereucw furuiahed. Address J. XV. c„ Tnb'me office
SM^h T1 V N A3iT fe°“’i? jr flrat-ciasa tinsmith
O in the cur, or would t*k« an iourest in tha basl
h Ii r i^l rd K WOrfc u mon ruqnlre.l than capl*
d J"“-°"
Sc«twci7r wha^. AWT S Rr A watc hman. or in any
steady. TetlaMe mao is needed.
Trtb.lL .nL*"'- Addr r «'-3a.7.. IIEHAIILI.
SITUATIONS WAKTED-natALE
ATION WANTED—By a girl who can cook,
kj wash, and iron. Apply at 125 Burnside street.
"‘AMTED—As cook by an English
Suth Park fr ,T l th coroer «f Wsupaoseh and
S IT .?ciI I W woel r 4 N T E iP~ Br a y° un girl to do
•*‘Cond work or taka care ol ehldlren Please*
call or address M. C.. 91 Foster-si. vmu,reu
ANTED—By a good girl to do geo-
U or ci^M. o^.' 11 “mall family; cat. give tha
*92 Plett aUI or “Jdrw. S.
Sm U .hj;K? V r A w E U ttn.Enlt.
*~_’ n **»y. or would taka an interest in the hn«i*
S^aaiSSr'3-tS
WAJTTED TO RENT.
W RE NT—Bf oroopooslUo party, for
103 W*«t d W»aMn^o U n Vt 01 as jh*lf i h ,r u,drMS lC
Jren..uilo t ierm. la’ full. BAKEa,"® lcUl £J,;
W BENT—Ba«em«nt, room ur bars
Baa
W A D rJ5 J {EJ{ T-Br reepoasible tenant
ih# of aboat J or 14 roomstoa
r-« ji?** l vicinity of Tweaty.s.*cnnd si dp*-
IrttaL!SS“ ,inlbr Adar 50n SIDE.
WANTED— TO KK.N r— A furuiiDwl house of luo»
12 rooms. W fit side, east of Union i£rk_ l aS*
oresa W O U. Tribune »a C e. Ad
r ANTE!*—TO RENT—A third or fourth Arv,Pt
brick building. on Weet *ide, i Q vlolnhj !?r
Addt I«MU»U.S
WANTED TO UKNT-On West C r Son.h
of river (West Side prefr.-n-df- uSJrv. bW
ment or shad suitable f or pa eking tjntk’ P***~
stating location and rent, 478 sS'r^K?
WnDh^bo^ding'hoie A B^fSf C |e« PleU,r tUr
Address No. 41 East Kiome. r f ,e OCM ffiren-
HORSES Aim CARRTa riggj
A 110 USE and baggy will bacarxCnli. C “Z
use daring the winter r kept far their
0..05E4CV., IS AM>t JULIUS
plan.es sr. *—auoipn.«t,, corner Dee-
XV est Lake at., near corner Halsted ,tTerjr 202
Clt 8A LE— OR KXOllAN'np
ch.n»-.om. «U ex
pay difference. b. P in- sVf» i* r R? “ft**, and
ton si. r 3l West Washing
price* for worlJ horso! r .r» p W« sell it
tandar. rJea CAilEttO.N. 75 Aah-
F*ind ■ha^~Mit^M )n r h ud carriage, with pole
WANTED— A strung horse, burcr
prlca most Lm eery low J r i>‘.Tn';* r uo*s;
Uo.. a Sooth Cm. ."KK'aJr.
sraassat
\V Yopl,“ 1 V b w C--X
rrvlthtX'poi li C,.,rS
w ;r. h r