WASHINGTON.
The Elections—The New York
Election a Moral Dem0..,,-xratic
..,,-xratic Triumph.
.jcrv-tol
Wew Appointments—Boker and
Walker.
Greeley's Colfax.
More About the Fish-Catacazy Feud.
From Our Own Correspondent
Washington, Nov. 8.
Yesterday’s elections prove, despite the
Kcw York Xatious skepticism, that w© can
trust the people” under American institu
-1 ions. After a fermentation of thought and
scesfng, itsolf elevating to tho public mind,
unit deepening.our sense of need in the heat
institutions, and in universal personal sacri
fice to secure them; after a coalition, not
•iiuly of all tho good forces, but of whatever
depraved ones could bo persuaded to give
help,—tho Tammany Ring, the monster and
model of political tyranny, has virtually
.perished. The Legislature of New York is
'Trio longer Tweed’s; Sweeney has ceased to he
a Fagin and a repeater together, as ho has not
only retired from office and politics, but
hereafter will do the single act of voting.”
Thus expire the Satan and tho Moloch, the
Tvit and tho rapacity, of Tammany.
THE NEW YORK ELECTION.,
The victory was attained by tho co-opera-
tion of parties,—Horatio Seymour* Charles
O’Cohor/and other Democrats, not only
giving countenance to tho civic struggle, hut
omiug down amongst* tho people to stand
tor small offices, and to do volunteer work. This
i i a greater victory than, tho more recovery
rf the State to tho Republican party; it
shows the mi ght beneath parties, tho suprem
«cy of decency over passion, and liigh citi
zenship never wholly extinct amongst the
Host reactionary and ambitions loaders. The
victory in New York is ascribable mainly to
Democrats amongst politicians,—to William
i\ Barrett, John Foley, Samuel J. iTilden,
.-*nd Seymour and O’Couor. These nuui re
ceived jgenerons support from many of the
inland Democratic newspapers, hut none, to
t peak of. from the Democratic papers of Now
York city. Here, then, is tho first real Dem
cratic victory in twelve years.—a victory
Democrats over corrupt organizations, and
a reviva! of that wonderful personal energy
imd enthusiasm, which three times bore
Henry Clay to the dust, and, as led by Van
Luren, opened the way for tho slaying of
slavery. While the Republican leaders of
Now York were often sulky and selfish, these
letter Democrats, with everything to lose,
f.tood together like a walk The great docu
ments of the campaign were theirs, beginning
with tho transcripts of Tammany frauds
furnished to tho Now York Times by James
I’Biieu, followed up by the speeches of R. B.
Ivooiovelt, Havomeyer, Ottendorfo, i James
Drown, and Barrett, and concluded by the
Lap.TS of O’Conor, Tilden, and others. .It
mast not ho forgotten, either, that these men
yropared the Rochesterplatform of the Demo
cratic party in tho State, wherein all the
aunendments to the Federal Constitution
were unqualifiedly concurred in. This, I eay,
is the first Democratic victory since the nom
i nation of Douglas by tho Northern Demo
rracy at Baltimore, when they throw off the
insolent domination of the Southerners; it is
now a victory within the party oveb the des
potism of tho Northern Irish. What a line of
euch moral victories may not ho seen for
for these gentlemen in tho future, if they
possess tho heroism to proceed and tone their
organization up to tho period and thoir own
Letter convictions! The Democratic party
needs, first of all, the confidence of the coun
try before it can achieve any reliable series
oi victories at the polls. It oanuot win any
•-.•quonce ot races till it is rebuilt or remod
elled. It is now like an old Spanish galleon,
manned with determined idiots, and*racing
with tho yacht America.
SIMILAR FALL OF THIEVES ELSEWHERE.
These elections show the stcadyprogress of
morals and independence everywhere. The
impeachment trial of Andrew Johnson broke
the old despotism of organization, and the
heroic Senators who stood the shock of party
rage gained the last groat battle of the war.
Lover, since that howl of despair from
t liieves, bigots, and parasites, have wo heard
the crack of the whip in the Republican
party. Flowing out the great example,
even the Democrats brook phalanx; ana
while, in Now York, they assist to sack
Tammany, in Chicago they coalesce with
Republicans, and show the hrst spirit of the
I’hcenix to arise amongst the ruins of the
city. A few years ago, Chicagowas a strong
hold of a Republican Ring hardly better
than Tammany Hall: to-day. it is .nearly a
government of neighbors by neighbors.
Look further, and in Now Jersey, whore the
Republicans easily carried the Legislature,
they paid the penalty of nominating Walsh
lor Governor with hie defeat. Walsh was a
church politician, like Harlan, Newman, et
ol. t who ciphered up and prayed out his
nomination, although the city of Newark,
which understood him, voted against him in
convention. The same city, which would
have given a deserving Republican 4,000 ma
jority, went for the Democrat this year by
2,000 votes transferred from the unworthy
*lVal.°h.
The Massachusetts election shows that the
Labor Reform party—a sort of American
Feniamsm, with W endell Phillips for its
O’M.ahony, and Bon. Butler for its James
Rtcveus—is about as big as Jack Cade’s
original crowd. The Temperance party in
h-assachnsetts did not poll high, as Sam.
C arey, of Ohio, the great oratoncal bilk of
that ism, was absent in New York making
speeches for Bill Tweed! Temperance and
i weed make a refreshing beverage.
In Maryland, Creswoll’s county of Cecil
Lasgoneßepublican; all the western coun
tiiiSof the State go Republican, including
2‘Yedenck, Tome.* Creswell’s uncle carried
Jiis own county for Governor. The ignorant
lebel vote diminishes every vear.ancf would
Vo overcome much sooner if the Republicans
had a reliable and disinterested paper in Bal
limore—ono in tho interests ol civilization
.instead of offices.
f Tho Statoof Virginia, although anti-Eopuh-
Hcan, hold a perfectly fair and just election
—vruup and black voting together, without
prejudice or arrogance—and this is a victory
ot peace, which over way tho result proved.
In PluJadelphia, Bill Mann, the hereditary
District Attorney, ran several thousand be
hind tho Republican ticket, and would have
been beaten but for tho bad conduct of the
Democratic police and tho unfortunate oppo
sition of the Kvaxing linUctin—a paper whoso
support is fatal, whoso opposition is alwavs
coveted, and which appears, bv its general
thinness, to use bean soup for printing ink
find to be editiKl bv an oyster.
APPOINTMENTS TO OFFICE,
George H. Boker has been given tho Turk
ish Mission, virc W ayne McVeigh, Cameron’s
son-in-law. This is a docent return to the
style of man wc maintained there during the
v hole Lincoln’s and Johnson’s administra
tions, when Kd*vard Joy Morris, a literary
man, as well as a good legato, hold tho post
continuously, Boker is a man not old, hut a
Ditto passe, with the enjoyment of a fair
r mount of wealth, accumulated hy his
father, who was a hanker and merchant.
Ho wrote several good dramatic pieces many
years ago, and. at the beginning of tho war
bent his muse to do national duty. Although
h» wrote few finepieceaagainsttheroboliiom
is wrote many timely ones, and many good
euongh for tho groat masses who furnished
soldiers, votes, and money. Amongst those
was* piece entreating equal treatment and
uutior for the colorou regiments—somewhat
romarkahlo as the emanation of this aristo
oraao Philadelphian. Had George Bo
xer lived in some other city ho might
have been a good seed of literature,
maated m kindly soil; but, like Bayard
Taylor, Dr. Conrad, and other Philadelphi
ans, he is not without honor except at home,
~I mean, of coarse, in literature. Mr. Tay
a«»r, who has made repeated and very intii-
Tidual attempts to commemorate his native
estate in fiction and verse, working as a labor
or love and art together, and from nomoslead
attachment, told mo that on the occasion of 1
a late lecture-course at Philadelphia, bis por
trait -was hissed by the varlots, as it was dis
played among the other lectures of the
course. Why 1 He had tried to do something
lor the Shite!
It is rumored that General J. A. Walker is
to ho mode Indian Commissioner, although
Vincent Collycr U crowding for tho place.
C'olycr is generally set down, among those
who. know him, us a hypocrite.—throe
parts Pecksniff and one part Jonas Chuzzle
vit. .General Walker has a more undoubted
humanity than Colyer, a more ingenuous na
ture, amt he is a man of affairs, and no noto
liety-soeker. But I should pity him between
tholndion Ring and the Colyers, the prairie
irolves, and the prairie dogs. He is giving
its ft conscientious aud reliable census, not
yet completed.
COLFAX FOR PRESIDENT.
This is the discovery of John Bussell Young,
in that Horace Gree
lcv,*theWarwick of small things, moans to
bring Colfax up by hand, as old Nat Lang
iam, the prize-fighter, brought up the Bir
mingham Chicken, and precipitate
him-" upon the convention of 1872.
What a light' of the light-weights
it-will be—qmto a scone for a punch-show!
Unint sviirooroe up ugly every round, and
Obl&x- smiling, of course. Whichever gets
mankind will “copper” on
XimThopiujr the other way. It appears prob-|
able that Young, who is a good deal of a man-:
ogcr, means to incense Grant against Colfax,:
for some unknown purpose? and it js, there
i ore. Imperative that 3&. Colfax should again
make ‘three or four retirements in advance
irom. public life. Certainly nothing in the
spiritual, natural, moral, or intellectual world
■would approach, in profound importance, the l
elevation: of one of these great men to a high*,
office by the other.,, It would rival in-* gran
deur tbe scone when Oliver Cojvdcry and Joe
Smith mutually ordained each other withtho
priesthood of Molchizidck, on the banks of
xhe’ Beneca Biver. It took two of them to
piaks either one.
Tine ha! domy:«ycs dooeivelceT l perhaps
Colfax's gcutlo insinuation, that wo take the
taxes off tea and coffee, was tho inspiration
of Greeley, and pfirt of this great Fumble*
chookiau scheme!
THE FISH QOASBEL. i _
Since writing yesterday Fish Mid
Catacazy feud, I have heon told, from, the
State Department, that Mr. hisli has really.
obtained serious points. against Gatacazy;
among others, manuscripts from tbVNow
York Herald office, indited by the Russian
Minister, and making feeling against our
English treaty.
Mr. Fish’s friends allcgotlmt.Gfit&CAzy is the
worst sort drdinlomatic Bohemian, and that
be haa bcou usea by Gortsohakotf for years
to start scandals, o ariardt, dhd newspaper on
dils over Western audCentrnl Europe.' Wheth-_
er by instructions, or from natural Inclina
tion intrigue and plotting, he resumed his
rote in this country, and worked himself into
our newspaper offices, fabricating columns
of lies, and then, with a moral obliquity
scarcely comprehensible, denying bis agency
in the some. He was found to be utterly
antrastworty in confidences—taking inter
national matters down to the Newpaperßow
fresh as they were revealed to him at the
State Department; and lie drew the aged aud
good old Baron.Gerolt into his intrigue against
ihe treaty, by which tho latter years of
Gerolt wore humiliated, and his of u
quarter of a century in Washington, broken
up.. Fish had-Gerolt recalled, and -or
dered Minister Curtin to hare Catacazy
also recalled. The latter, still true
to his incredibly crafty nature, forged a
pseudo-correspondence, pretending to be
from Russia, and had it published in New
York, saying that Fish had demanded his re
call, but that Gortschakoff would; not con
cede it. The State Department was as
tounded to see this letter, because tho recall
of Catacazy. was a measure secretly resolved
upon. Comparing tho date of the correspond
ence. however, with the period required for
transmission of Mr. Fish’s request and reply,
Catacazy’s forgery was exposed, and tho al
leged Russian letter traced to him at Staten
Island.
People who know Catacazy describe him
:is a rough, common jjarvaiuc, uo better than
.some of Grant’s appointments to second-rate
missions in Europe. His wife was named
Berwick, a woman of mingled French and
English extraction, whose first husband,
Count Somebody, used to whip her. Cataca
zy has quai relied with a part of his own Le
gation here; with one of them because a
newspaper paragraph said the attache’s wife
:vas prettier than Madame Catacazy. The
ither was an officer, and Catacazy had him
tamed ont of the Russian' army. T|ie diplo
matic correspondence due next session will
disclose Fish tearing the character of Cata
cajy to pieces in approved international
phraseology. The quarrel has been named
acre "The Cat Fish war.”
THE FARM AND GARDEN.
The Flowing Wells [of Xroqnoio County—
Duty of the Htata Geologist—Wotor-Sand
—Boring and Piping—The Cost lof the
Well—lts Value for Irrigation—The
Source of the Water—Farther Aid from
the Stale.
From Our Agricultural Correspondent.
Champaign*, IU. Nov. 11.
The question of water-supply for farm-
is becoming one of no small importance
in many parts of the State. Ourprairiesoila
;ire capable of holding a large amount of
water, but there are times, like the present,
when a long-continued drouth exhausts this
supply. It appears to mo that one of the
most important duties of the State i Geolo
gist is to give this department of practical
geology his most earnest attention;
Cor it is one that has -much to
do with agriculture. The Geologist
should “not only be familiar with the rock
.strata, but with the earth strata as regards
its mechanical condition. The prairie country
presents many points of interest ns differing
from other land formations. Right On the
borders of Lake Michigan, the water from
the rocks spouts up near a hundred feet;
;md. in Iroquois County, wo find flowing
wells without penetrating the rocks. I,
therefore, ask if it is not tho province of the
Geologist to explain these phenomena, and to
ascertain tho extent of these developments.
Most assuredly it is, and, for aught that 1
know, or the public knows, these subjects
may bo at tbis time under bis-supervision.
Scientific geology is of no value to the State,
unless put to practical use. The theories and
speculations of mere hook-men are worthless
to tho farmer, unless they can point to some
useful result. We have other things to find
in our soil, in our rock formations, and m the
carboniferous groups, than tbo metals or
coals. Water is one of tho needs of the farm,
:md wo must know where to find it when
needed, and how to dispose of it
when wo have an over-supply.
For these and many other reasons, wo need
a better knowledge of our soil formations.
If flowing wells come from tbo soil, without
auy connection with the rocks, as in! Iro
quois County, it is possible that wo may
have tho same condition of things in some
other part of tho State. At; least tho cause
of this singular phenomenon ought to ho in
vestigated and made known tho public; for
now it appears to be involved iu no mystery,
beyond too single fact of its existence.
33A short timo since, I spent a couple of days
m the county of flowing wells, iu order to
learn something in regard to them. They
vary iu depth from SO to 120 feet. The, bor
ing is through blue clay, such as is common
to tho northern part of the State, showing
that the drift is of tho same age
as tho country to the north and south
of tho location. Jast before reaching the
water, which appears to he inlilflated
through a fine white sand, which, in places,
is more or less mixed with gravel, there is a
crust, or shell, of cemented sand and gravel,
about two feet thick, and of groat firmness,
through which tho auger is forced with diffi
culty. The well-laborers know that, when
they strike this hand of hard-pan. as it is
called, they aro near tho coveted water. As
soon ns the “water-sand” is penetrated, the
real difficulty is met; for, if the sand is fine,
—that is umnixed with gravel,—it is forced
upward, and often fills tho hole so firmly
that it is difficult to clear it out. Tho value
of.tho well depends upon the quantity of
gravel present m the water-sand,” as this
allows the water a freer flow upwards, while
tho fine sand is liable to pack so closely that
littio or no water can find its way to thesur
face.
BORING AND PIPING.
A two-inch anger is used in the boring.
This is made for the purpose by a black
smith, and is similar to a common auger,
with a pad of some twenty inches. The bor
ing is done by hand, and the anger is raised
with a common hand-windlass, with ropes
and pulleys attached to a common three
legged derrick.
It often occurs that the augur moots a small
S* e boulder, when the boring is aban
and a new hole started, generally
within a foot of the first. Sometimes three
or four of these holes are made. It is diffi
cult to drill through those isolated pebbles
that are scattered through the clay drift, for
they have been rounded by glacial action,
and the blows of the drill make them change
position in the bed of clay; hence it is found
to be the most economical to start a new
boring, and try the chances of passing
down without meeting them. For
merly a four-inch hole was bored, and
this was tnhed for some thirty feet
with wood tubing; hut the two-inch
hole is' how considered the bettor size, and
this is tubed with ouo and a fourth-inch gal
vanized gas pipe.
After the hole is bored, and the flow of
water ascertained, the point of tho gas pipe
tube is prepared. If tho flow is free, indicat
ing a gravel stratum, large orifices are made
in tho point; hut, if the now is limited, indi
cating fine sand, tho orifices are made of less
size. This is attached to tho pipe, and a
careful measurement made, that passes the
point into the water-sand,” which is often
ciuite shallow: ffor, if tho point should go
into the clay below this sand stratum, the
water would bo cut oil'. .Sometimes the sand
tills up the tube, and shuts off tho flow of
water. In this case a small pipe is inserted
in the larger one, and water poured inte the
larger ouo; and by thus producing a hydro
static pressure, the sand is forced up through
tho small pine, mixed with the water, and
tho tube is thus cleared of the sand.
As the water is filled with sand, or, rather,
as tho water makes ite way -through this
thin sheet of sand.it is evident that the
force of tho pressure is feeble, and that the
flow must be not only moderate, but limited,
at any particular point, and that an enlarge
ment or tho boring will have lit do corre
sponding effect on the flow of water which
will remain about the same, os more depends
on the presence of gravel than the size of the
boring.
THE COST OF A WELL.
At tho time of my visit, Mr, W, H. Maun,
of Gilman, had just commoted his fourth
well. It was 104 feet deep. The post is as
follows:
Mnn and apparatus, four days,* at |5 per
day $30.00
Two men, four days, each ti.co per day 12.00
Hauling apparatus to and from well 3.00
101 feet pipe, al 2T cents per foot 33.00
Ono drive well point 3.00
Well trough. j.OO
Total cost
The usual price. by the well-jobbers is $1
a foot for the well completed.
In the village of Gilman, a few rods west
of tub depot, is oua of those flowing wells,
that serves to supply the inhabitants with
water. The water of all those wells is very
clear, but slightly charged with iron, which,
in tkuo, coats the vessel with its oxide. The
temperature is abont 52 degrees. It is used
for all domestic purposes except washing,
where rain-water is preferred.
ns VALVE FOB UUUGATIOK.
Hr. Maun had given it a limited trial on
some beds of forest evergreen seedlings and
ciittmgß of the small fruits; but, not being
familiar with the management of water in
this manner, only made a partial success,
roI P what I could see of thin one experi
inent, I have little doubt of its final success.
In urigating, tho laud must be made even;
that is, must run In small drains
tlush with tho surface, hut, at tho same thne,
must not be allow cd to overflow, as tho water
is to simply soak into the soil, and to fill it
with watery vapor. In case it fiows over the
surfacolt forms a crust that excludes the air
and is.also liable to induce sun-scald of the
E louts, as wo often see in tho fields after a
cavy ..rain, in places where the
water stands on the surface for a longer or
shorter period. That these flowing wells will
materially add to tho value of this part of
the State; there can he no doubt. For the
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 187 L
strawberry, nursery stock*,
blos, and grass, it must bo mvhluablef
THE SOURCE OF- THE‘WATER.>
W,e.all knOw that the source of this wattvr
supply must bo at a point above this level
but, as thowater can at best be forced hut a
few feet abovQ the surface,-and often will
not reash to the level of the higher* ground,*
we need not loqk to any very eloVotml plain
Os tho point fiWhero it sinks below the
crust ofliard-pan that overlies the white
sand. A writer in tho Scientific American re
fers to tho Rock River country, or the Mouce
water-shed, os the source of-supply; audun
engineer avers that this Inst is the actual
point, for there arc presented outcroppings
of the water-sand, showing to him most
conclusively that that-is th«-poiut.—lf wo
take Lake Michigan as our datum hue, we
find Monee to he elevated 217 feet, while
Gilman is 85—a difference of 132 feet. But,
to show that neither the Hock River country
ortho Monee water-shed cau possibly be
source of tho water-supply, wo have .but do
recur to the fact that this water would; have
to cuter above the Niagara limestone-and
come, out above, and that tho Kankakee
River flows over this stratum of limestone,
aud would cut oft* tho flow at that point. Tho
railroad bridge at Kankakee is 47 ieoV above
the lake, and US feet below tho flowing Hjv-ell
at Gilman. This rock stratum is the“Bame
that is bored at Chicago for artesian water;
but the water is found in the sandstone be
low it. Beginning at Kankakee wo will take
a look at tho contour of the.coontry:
Bed of Kankakee River, say.
Railroad bridge
Cbcbnnse, 9 miles
Ashkum, 8 miles
iriltuun, 8 miles.
Onurga, 4 miles
Spring Creek, 3 miles
Loda, 11 miles
Paxton, 4 miles
Ludlow, 6 miles
Rantoul. 6 miles
Champaign, U miles,
i’esotum, 15 miles....
.Mnttoon, 30 miles....
Effingham
Spring Creek, and the North Fork of the
Vermilion, of the Wabash, as also the Sanga
mon, have their source in the high laudJnear.
Loda. A few flowing wells are found-near
Onarga, and two or three in the ‘town of
Kerr, some ten miles east of Ludlow. A few
miles west of Ludlow, are numerous springs,
that form large ponds of water, filled with
rushes. These indicate that at that point is
the natural outflow of the artesian water.
Tho surface of the limestone near Chicago
maybe assumed at 20 feat above the lake,
ana the bed of the river at Kankakee would
bo 8 feet above this, or so nearly on tho some
level that, for practical purposes, we might
say it was the same. If this same level con*
tinned at Gilman, we should find tho rook at
(fifeet; but, as tho well at that point is 90
feet, the rock must have something of a dip
to the south from Kankakee. Ati Cham
paign, if on a lovel, it would he 133 feet, hut
iionngs point have failed to reach it
at 220 feet. As we go southwest we fiud this
rock in the Mississippi River bluffs, near the
mouth of the Illinois River. At Morris T aud
Wilmington the cool rests on this rock.
As tho dip of the Niagara limestone from
Chicago is to the south, there is some hopes
of reaching water by boring down through
it. If tho artesian waters nee 100 feet above
tho lake level, it would bo 53 foot below*the
surface at Champaign; while the points north
of Spring Creek might hope for flowing water
if the sandstone below tho llmerock could bo
penetrated. Wo therefore need careful bor
ings in all parts of the State to determine tho
water-supply, and to this should ho added a
general topographical snrvey, connected with
the Geological Department. Such a survey
would no doubt show that tho flowing wells
of Iroquois County have their water-supply
from the east, near tho Indiana State fine;
and it would also givo us some idea of the
bounds of this water district. Will some
member of the Legislature look to these mat
ters. and thus do something of practical value
to the State T Rural.
Oath.
THE APIARY.
Beekeeping for the Past Two Tears—
Cleaning Desolated Hives—When to Ex
amine the Swarms—Wfant the Bees Aro
Now Doing—Bend Swarms.
For Tbo Weekly Tribune.
These two years of drouth have had a very
depressing influence on apiculture. And es
pecially has it hoeu discouraging to those
who commenced keeping bees daring tho
last two years. When entering into this
business, their hopes were very bright, for
had not others engaged iu it and made'small
fortunes by managing their apiaries accord
ing to the new method? And could not they
bo succossf al as well f
But drouths hare blighted the expecta
tions of the apiarians; and, at the close of
another year, we find little or no
surplus honey- and, in some hives,
where otherwise would have been
strong, healthy colonies, only weak
ones are found, Many have been more un
fortunate, and have lost promising swarms
by the ravages of the moth-worm, or through
neglect to feed them. It is no wonder if the
now beginners are much discouraged, or
even are disgusted with beekeeping; for
these repeated failures shako oven the hope
fulness of the veteran apiarians. But it is
not.well to brood over our misfortunes, es
pecially when, in comparison to many .others
that the drouth has brought upon our
laud, the loss of our bees and honey is very
small. We beekeepers will then foster
carefully the colonics that wo have remain
ing, and will look forward with hopeful ex
pectations to the coming summer of 1872.
Lot the beginners not give up in despair, but
try onco mere next year. Wo may thou,
perhaps, reap an abundant harvest of honey,
which will atone for our past losses.
DEAD SWARMH,
The hives containing dead swarms should
not bo permitted to remain without cleaning
until spring, but should be removed from
their stand, and thedead bees and the debris
of the moth-worm brushed from the
hive. It is not a good plan to wash the in
teriorof the hives with water, or anvother
liquid, us it soaks into the wood, and is apt
to fix any odors that may ho present. The
better way is to uso a broad-bladed and flex
ible knife and awing. With those easily
procured articles a hive can bo thoroughly
cleaned. The worthless nieces of comb,
moth-cocoons, and other debris, should be
burned. The nocessitj’ of this is apparent
when it is understood that.there is usuallv
a large number of moth-eggs in these desolat
ed hives; and, if left until spring,
they will hatch oat, and the
number of these pests be thus increased.
When cleaned, those hives should bo placed
where they will not bo subjected to the dam
aging effects of the wintry weather, and will
bo ready for use the next season.
WHEN TO EXAMINE TIIE BEES.
During these autumn days, wo have oc
casionally to examine our swarms; and it is
best to select those days when we will find
tho bees the best natured. Tho operator
finds them tho most troublesome when the
sun shines brightly, and when tho rays give
forth but little warmth. Tho reason is this;
Tho atmosphere is not sufficiently cool to
stupefy the hccs, nor is it warm enough to
tempt them to fly. Therefore, they are more
irritable, and, when disturbed, will avail
thomselvesof every opportunity to annoy the
operator. A very cold day, or one that is
pleasantly warm, when the bees will delight
to fly in the warm air should bo selected,
when it is wished to ascertain the condition
of tho swarms.
Lot us visit the apiary and see
WHAT THE BEES ARE DOING,
We glance at tho exterior of a hive, and
wonder if the inmates are 4 silent in death,”
for no signs of life are visible. We make a
slight disturbance on the alighting board,
and immediately two or three bees make
their appearance, They advance slowly, as
if loth to make any unnecessary exertion:
but, if wo remain in near proximity to the
entrance, the little insects will manifest to
us that, though a little languid, they can
show moro or less of activity, and
we may learn that iu their sting
is concealed tho same pain-giving
Soison. In looking into the hive, we
o not find the bees idly resting on the honey
comb or bottom-board, waiting for some
thing to turn up.” They are apparently very
industrious, and aro putting their house in
order, no doubt. They have no idea of wait
ing for their keeper to mako all necessary
provisions for their wintering. And it is for
tunate they do not. for these beekeepers arc
often very though and are some
times very neglectful of their duties. But
tho bees are not guided by impulse,
or dcxiendent on memory, but un
failing instinct leads them to the
prompt performance of their allotted
tasks. Swanns often die in the vain en
deavor to help thonisclves, whereas if a little
assistance had been rendered, at the proper
time, by their owner, they might have lived
to serve him. How docs a beCkeopcris con
science accuse him when, upon paying a
tardy visit to his apiary, ho finds one colony
tho victims of starvation f ft is really a
touching sight to see tho inmates of a hive
stilled forever in their active labors—no
more to gather tho delicious honey, mo more
to brighten tho garden by their cheering
presence. This should stimulate the apiarian
to a more faithful performance of his duties,
as tho beholding of the corpse of a fellow- 1
Ueiug has led many a one to better resolu
tions for tho future. Ella.
.168.00
Saved by Heroism*
A largo portion of Gratiot County, Mich.,
was overrun by the late tiros, destroying
dwellings, fencss. timber, saw-mills, and
other property. Tho only mill saved in that
section was that belonging to D. L. Case and
JamesM. Tamer, of this city.
An old Englishman in their employ, named
Jacob Laird, saw that the mill was in the
raugo of the tiro, and that it was spcodily
coming upon hipi, and ho made pre
parations to meet and fight it like an
obi soldier, for he had served the Union
cause gallantly during tbo late rebellion.
Taking all tho movable property from thu
mill, blacksmith shop, and boarding house,
he buried it where it wonld bo safe from, tho
devouring elements Then he dug a series of
wells, eueloeiug the mill and hundreds of
thousands of feet of lumber, placing by the
side of each well a barrel tilled jrith water, a
nail in each well and another' in' the barrel.'
These wells were dug thick as needed f<fr tho
speedy protection of the property. Ope well
ho dug deeper than the others, that in case
his efforts to save the property should be in
vain and his own life in danger, he could
jump in as a lost resort.
The fire came down upon him like a toma-
.-...*..188,
......153,
153
Rural Home, 111., Nov. 10.
do. Witlrhig he met it. and
where it crossed, the here and there, set
tiiriliro to pilea of \niaber, the water ready
at aatul quenched the flames. At last ho
came off he saved the mill,
lumber, and ulbtbo properly, with the loss of
big own hair, eyebrows, whiskers, and even
thawoollcn shirt from off his hack. When
tallied bvhl»~eiDplbycrß as to whether he
“didn't find it hot work,” his reply was, “it
was not much of a soldier who couldn’t face
tho fire, after facing as many cannon os ho
had”
—As a reward; Laird’s wages have been near
ly .doubled, and. furiiiabed witha
tine suit of clothes, and- told ‘that* ho “could
remain there as long aa iie chose,
iniw PtTBiicATIONS.
PARK STREET PULPIT ;-Sermdns Preached
by William H. HCMurrat. Boston; J. H. Os
good A Co.; Chicago: Fo/sale by all; booksellers^
tathh-printing-of-hls* sermons, Mr:
Murray had the good fortune to come before
a wide circle of readers .with a very attrac
t ivq his Adirondack-experiment,—in
hndjvigqfoas^stylo, and.
Ins liappy descriptive touches, gained him A
celebrity.These- printed sermons, we
think, will add to.that celebrity, and “gain"
dpr.ljixn an only as a
divine, but also as a
clear thinker, a forcible appealer, a close
atudenfcof human .nature;? and a warm hu
manitarian *in nis The
although ©ach.‘-of:theifi -is brief/ do credit
both to tho head and heart of
Mr. Murray; and -the thousands of readers,
who do not have the privilege of hearing hi A
in his ministrations, will derive tho
sanid benefit and pleasure from their perusal,
and will fiud in Mr. Murray not only a tier
gymhtf, but also a maul Nearly all the ser
mons are upon pnrely.rcligiouß.topics, but a
few of thom-are devoted,to secular themes
auch necessity and value of 1 ministe
rial vacations, and Tho Uses and Dangers
of Business Life.” The latter is a‘ treatise
which should he kept in every counting
room, by the side of ledger- and caph-book,
for constant reference; and contains many a
lessoirwhich, InVur present emergency, Chi-*
cago merchants would do well to heed,
NOBODY’S FORTUNE. By Edmund Yates. Ro»-
ton: Jamea JL. Osgood «fe. Oa,. Chicago: For
by all. booksellers. 1871.
A striking feature of the management of
publication business by,the ydungermembers
of tho well-known firm whose imprint has
been so pleasantly, familidr on the works of
Thackeray; -Dickens, Longfellow, Whittier,
and Lowell* is the prominence they,givo to
novels, especially by English writers. They
have broken through tho conservatism which
kept MiyTicknor, and, after him, Mr. Fields,
confined to half a dozen writers; and! they
are now seeking far.aud wide, iu tho realms
of fiction, for attractive stories, and thereby
are bringing themselves into imme
diate competition ‘with- the New York
houses; Their latest** venture is
Edmund Yates’story, “Nobody’s Fortune.”
which,for some time past,has been running as
a serial in Awry Saturday. Mr. Yates confess
edly belongs to that class of British, novel
ist** in which Charles Reade, Wilkio Collins,
and Anthony Trollope stand as prominent
typos,—falling far below Dickens and Thack
eray. and yet possessed of, great industry,
fertility of -invention, elaborateness of plot,
and abundance of dramatic resources. “No
body’s Fortune,” pn English domestic 1 story,
is one of the.best of its class; and those who
have followed it, pieco by piece, in! Every
Saturday will welcome it now iu complete
form.
THE POETICAL WORKS OF ALFRED TENNY
SON, Poet Laureate. Complete edition. Bos
ton James K. Osgood A Co. Chicago; For sale
by all booksellers. 1871.
The above edition mokes tbe twelfth iwhich
Messrs. Osgood Co. have issued, containing
the poetical works of Alfred Tennyson. The
chief merit of this edition, compared with
others, is, that it contains all of nis poems,
including poems published in tho editions of
1830 and 1833, .which have been omitted in
later editions; several fugitive poems; and
“Tho Window; or, The Songs of tho Wrens”
—a little cycle of songs written for the music
by Arthur Sullivan, which have never before
appeared in any edition of. his works. The
work is printed in small, hut very clear type,
and hound with handsome, clastic covers,
making it a cheap and charming pocket edi
tion of the great poet’s works, ana tho: only
one jet out which contains them complete.
ZANITA. A Tale of tho Vosomito. Br Toerbsu
Yelverton; —Viscountess Avonmorc. New
York: Hurd A Houghton. Chicago: 8. C,
Griggs A Go. 1871.
We are indebted to the Messrs. Griggs
Co. for an advance-copy of this American
story, the scene of whicu is laid in Califor
nia, wntten by Mrs. Yelverton, whoso name
has already become familiar to tho American
public. The volume comes to us too late for
notice this week, and we can therefore do
little more than make tho bare announce
ment of its publication. Tho name alone,
however, of Mrs. Yelverton, will attract the
attention of all those acquainted with the
personal history and experiences of this
lady to her work, and elicit their sympathies
at once. Next week wo shall oxamino tho
story in some detail.
URgasinev,
Sciubneu’s Monthly for November is rich
m illustrated papers, the engravings uccom
panying which are executed with a fineness
and excellence of design that ought to give
this magazine at once a high position among
illustrated periodicals. The opening paper
is entitled “Thirty-seven Days in Peril,”
written by Truman C. Everts, and is a
graphic narrative of his dangerous experi
ences in the upper Yellowstone regions of the
Rocky Mountains, while separated for thirty
seven days from his party. Roth as a per
sonal narrative and as a topographical and
scientific record, it willrlohly repay perusal.
The second illustrated paper is called “The
Unbarring of Hell-Gate,” and is descriptive
of the submarine engineering by which the
obstructions .which bar tho entrance to
Long. Island Sound are in process of re
moval.- It’ is the most' complete record
of this groat work yet written, and is made
perfectly comprehensible to the reader by no
less than thirty-maps, ground-plans, and en
gravings. executed m the very highest style
of .the art. The third paper containing illus
trations is called “Low Life in Nature,” and
is a condensed statement of J. G.
Wood’s admirable treatise on insects at
home. As in the case of the previous paper,
the illustrations are admirable, and will
compare favorably, with, tho wood-engrav
ings of’the Loudon Jr/Journal, the Graphic,
and otherperiodioals whichataud confessedly
at tho head of this style of art. The literary
contents are fully ennal iu excellence
to tho pictorial. William C, Couaut
discusses the question of Woman Suf
frage in' a very calm and thoughtful
manner, taking the negative side of tho sub-:
joct, which he states in the negative manner,
as follows: Tho Right Not to Vote.” Mary
O. Putnam gives tho status of the Parisian
clubs in that terse, comprehensive manner
which has characterized all of her Parisian
writings. Tho story department is repre
sented by Priscilla.” by Edward Eggleston;
Halloween; or, Chrtssle’s Fate,” by Meta
G. Adams; three more chunters of “Wilfrid
Cumbenuerc,” George Macdonald’s serial;
tho first three chapters of Mrs. Oli
phant’s story, “The Two Mrs. Scudamores;”
Not a Pleasant Story,” by Elizabeth Stuart
Phelps. Tho poems arc equally remarkable.
H. H.,” one of the finest of American poet
esses, contributes Waiting;” Charles War
ren Stoddard, “The Albatross;” Helen Bar
rowßostwick, “Too Wise to Love;” Caroline
R. Wilkinson, Out of the Depths;” Thomas
Dunn English, “Mamma Phtcuc,”—a Poem iu
tho negro dialect: and tho new poet, Joaqnin
Miller, “Prom Sea to Sea,”~a stirring lyric
of the great Facificjoad across tho continent,
which has 5 the genuine railroad ring
in it. The editorial' .departments are
full Of 'entertaining matter. “Topics
of the Time contains a pleasant tribute to
the memory of the late Mr. Scribner, who
died 'roaonuy in Switzerland, and discusses
‘‘Tire Sins of American Good Nature,” The
Tortures of tho Dinner-Tabic,” and Sunday
School,” “Homo and Society” is devoted to
“Sh©r*—the pronoun implying American
help,—and “Halloween.” “Culture and
Progress Abroad” closes the magazine with a
summary of tho freshest European Intelli
gence.
~Wo are indebted to tho Catholic Publica
tion Society of Now York for the Catholic
Annual for IS?A it has been edited with a
great deal of care, ami contains a* varied
Amount of information connected with
church matters. In addition to this, it has
well-osocutod portraits of Pius IX.-Daniel
O Connell. Eugenio Do Guerin, Adelaide
Proctor, Archbishop Darboy, Archbishop
Carroll, Commodore Barry, and others; be
sides about thirty miscellaneous eugravings.
Tim Annual is printed on the best of paper,
bound in handsomely illuminated cover,
and contains pages.of reading matter,
_lhe QcarterlyJoukntal of Speculative
taius, is but
for October, audios usual, tilled with the
most poudorons distxuciions'.of -metaphysics
list*;°f i coaleufe includes
..nn£ a r A-Etmfcs, ---by James 1 Edmunds:
thoughts on Logic and Dialetic,” transla
ted from the German-of Arthur Schonen
haur. by Charles^Josef©; “The Dialectic
and uio Principle of Contradiction,” from
the Gorman of Dr. C. L. Mifbelet, .bv
Louis Soldan; '“Facts of Consciousness.”
t e German of Fichte, by A.E. Kroeger;
Ino Logical Question in Hegel's System.”
-from ..the German of Trendelenburg by
Thomas Davidson, and Biou’s “Threnbdy on
Adorns” by Anna C. Brackett. Tho latter
paper ifli abeolqtely.re£resluugiu the midst of
the metaphysical profundity which charac
terizes the rest of the contents.- It contains a
very close analysis of the poexnraud a beauti
ful metrical version of the Threnody.
Appleton's JontNAt,Tor the week ending
Nev. 18, has been .received.* Thor most: no
extent* J3a»:
■•Parisian flats, a paper descriptive of
Parisian tenement-houses,-and. illustrated
with a now of-the Stevens House, corner of
Twenty-seventh street, and Broadway, Now
lork, which is built on the French plan; a
personal sketch of -Alexandre Dutnas, by
John Eaten Cooke; i>|dgniticant paper upon
Army Frauds,” as, developed in the
recent}’ European irar; "The Surgeon’s
Story’ translated from tho French rand a
brief sketch of. Sayanqatf a spirited
must ration by Fenh, whose fine en-
gravmga of American': soeneryiiro beginning i
to bo the most attractive features of this ex- i
ceileut periodical. i
We are indebted to’the Messrs. Lipplncott i
Co. for tho November number of Good
Words,^ 'containing
The High Mills,” by Knthenno Saunders
Sliort Essura,” liy ‘tha antliur <J
in G’mtaoil JH-Two Daya >BMoro PaniS by
Jacob !de Lieftfe •♦Wliy.ls This Ugly, t” by
An U6&r Man; “TRf%igUhot by*
Robert ilnoharian: "KeUgion m 'i,taly. by
tho Rev. Dowis M. Hogg; “Tho- Sylves
tres,” by M. Do Botham-Edwards;
“School Lessons in HduseholdEcouoiny.” by
Mrs. William Shaen; Dorothy,” by U. L.T.;
Economy.’ira. Temple sermon, by C. J.
Vaugban, D. D., Master of tho -Temple;
•f Sketches iAmong the Dolomites,” bjr the
author of A voyage eu Zigzag:” “A Small
Hospital- with a’ Large Name,” by E. Lyim-
Lintou; “First Impression i of France and
Itnlv,”- by-Nathaniel Hawthorne; “There
are Twa Sides to Every Question.”
Illinois Teacher, which makes: its
tho“month of November un
der tho editorial conduct .of E. W. Coy, coii-.
tains,-anions btHor: papers, tho following,
which aro especially!noticeable: “ASum
mer Vacation m'England and Scotland, and
What it Costs;” “A Superintendent’s Du
ties;” “Methods of Teaching Geometry;”
“Notes,. Lexicographic, and Literary;” and
“Tbree -Thinga Necessary to Success in a
Primary tTcaohcf.’V The remainder of the
magazine is occupied with educational nows,
of special interest to teachers.
Literary Notes.
Scribner Co. will shortly inaugurate'
their Theological and Philosophical Libra
ry, by* tho issue, hi two volomcai of Ucher
weg’s .“History of Philosophy.!’ --The same
house has also commenced an Illustrated Li
brary of Travel, under tho editorial super
vision of Bayard Taylor. The first, of the
series,*• “Japan,”,will be issued on the 15th‘
inst.*
—George Eliot’s new novel will he ’issued
in England iu eight ‘monthly-part*, tho first
appearing in December. J
—St. Augustin’s “City of God” has just
been translated and; published iu England,:
being the first English translation that has
been made of it iu two hundred years.
—The Rev, Nehemiah Adams, of Boston,**
is about to publish a record of tnd extended
European tour he took some time ago.
—George Sand’s diary of her impression of
the late Franco-German war is attracting
great interest in Europe.
—Louisa M. Albotf has issued a number of
her juvenile stories, which first appeared in
a aeries of small hooks in 1871, in one volume
called “Morning.Glories.” i
—Mrs. Stowe’s book, “My Wife and I; or,
Hairy Henderson’s Heart-History,” is out.
—Tho Cosmopolit ami Amerikamschcr Far
mer (both-Gorman weeklies), heretofore pub
lished by the Cosmopolitan Publishing Com
pany, of this city, under Professor! Silver
smith’s management, will be resumed imme
diately.
—Scribner Co„ announce a reprint of
Professor Jewett’s translation of Plato, —one
of tho finest English books of the ‘preseut
year.
—William Winters tribute to his friend
George Arnold, is tho finest poem in- his new
volume.
—The Poems and Ballads of Guefhc,
translated by W. A. Aytouu and Theodore
Martin, is announced.
—William Ellerv Chauuiug, tho Concord
poet and pet of Emerson, has broken the
silence of half a dozen years by giving the
pubic Tbo Wanderer, —a colloquial poem,”
Imbliahod iu a small but handsomo-volumc,
>y Osgpod'& Co. j
—J.S. C. Abbott has inflicted auotucr su
perficial history upon tho hook-stores ;*this
time, “Louis PhilJjppe.”. c'
—Among the literary losses by tho Com
mune violence were the manuscripts of
Thiers’ History of Florence.”
.—The number of periodicals in tbis country
bus increased full 10 per cent within tho past
three-years, while tuo sales of books have
diminished.- o
—Tho South is beginning to make an ap
pearance in literature. Ex-Governor Wise,
of Virginia, baa written a book culled
“SeveuDecadesof the United States.” Paul
H. Hayne, of Augusta. Ga„ has a voluincf of
noems in press t likewise, Miss Nettie Power
Houston, daughter of tho -late Governor
Houston, of Texas. i
—Partonisio give tho world his Life of
Thomas Jefferson” first In the pages of the
Atlantic Monthly, in which, periodical it will
appear as a serial, running through an entire
year. A year of Partou!
—Tho Loudon Athcnaum unsparingly criti
cises Father Ignatius’ “Leonard Morris; or,
The Benedictine Novice.”
—Augusta J. Evans is at work upon a how'
novel.
—George Sand his commenced a now novel,
with the avowed purpose of attacking the
cs-Empress Eugenie.
—Blanchard Jerrold’s “Tho Coekaynos in
Pans,” is to be illustrated with thumb-uail
sketches by Doro.
—Dr. Zimmerman, of Germany, has written
the life of J. W. Meick, who is supposed -to
have been tho original of Goethe’s J/ppAfo
tojihelcs.
—Auerbach has published a German trans
lation of Spinoza’s collected works, in two
volumes.
—The author of “Ginx’a Baby” has astbry
in press callod.“Lord Bantam.”
—A now translation of Marco Polo’s works
has lately appeared in England.
—Tho Lippmcotts have published the ad
vanced sheets of John Forster’s Life of
Dickens.” As Forster was tho intimate
friend of Dickens, tho work will bo awaited
with the Greatest interest.
—Mrs. Bouligny, widow of a former Con
gressman from Louisiana, has written a vol
ume of European travel, called “Bubbles
and Ballast.”
—The new drama by Dumas, riU, “Unc
Visit© do Noces.” is so indecent that it has
aroused the indignation even of tho French
critics.
—Du Chailln has yet another African book
in press called, The Country of the Dwarfs.”
—The Atlantic Monthly for December will
contain an article on General Butler’s Cam
paign in Massachusetts, by “Warrington.”
ilia account will embrace the fullest report
of the celebrated interview between General
Butler and Senator Sumnerthat has yet beeii
published.
—The publishers of Hearth and Home an
nounce .a serial story by Jean Ingelow, to
appear in its columus during the coming
year.
—Christina G. Rossetti has in press a nur
sery rhyme-book called “Sing-Song.”
—Madame Sophie Schwartz's novels are to
he issued m sots. Tho last one out is The
Right One,” and forty more are in prepara
tion: which puts Mulubach in the shade.
—The Lippincotts announce, as tlu» open
ing paper m their magazine for December,
Scrambles Amongst the Alps During the
Jcars 1800-09,” by Edward Whymper, pro
fusely illustrated after the author's own
drawings.
RUSSIA.
The Imperial Family.
From tbo Boston Post.
The near advent to our shores of tho young
Pnnce Alexis, third son of the Czar Alex
andcr. renders all concerning his family in
teresting; and this is more especially Inie, as
the present Czar has always been, at least as
far as' outward appearances go, friendly to
this country. The. Imperial house is de
scended .from Runck. Duke of Kiov, who'
iriguod in SO 2 A. D. This title of Duke of
Kiov was totamed until 1157,- when the title
L G r n ili lu e 0f o Wladimir was adopted.
1323 80 feovereiga Princes of tlie
b:ist became Grand Dukes of Moscow. In
C :f, a^ eai liu Ti t rcat King.” Peter the
Great, 1089, was the first Muscovite Sove.-‘
reign who boro the. title of Emperor of ail
the Russias, which is still borne ov his suc
cessors. Tbo present Emperor was the eldest
son of the great Nicholas, who. as is known,
succeeded his brother Alexander L. in 1825.
the heir and elder brother. Constantine ab
dicating in his favor. Nicholas died on March
2. 1855, wheirthe present Czar acceded to
power. Alexander IT. was horn on April 20,
1814. .At that time his uncle Alexander was
on the throne and his father was a simple
Grand Duke, with no prospects of the suc
cession for the then Emperor might yet
have children, and between Nicholas and
him was Constantine. The vonng Prince
was most carefully educated by his
mother, a lady of rare accomplish
ments, Alexandra Feodorowna. daughter
of the then reigning King of Prussia, sister
of the present Emperor "William 1., of
Germany. She was thoroughly versed in the
»tadica and literature of the dnv. ami her
German influence is betrayed in ‘the Enipe
fors character to this day. He had, besides,
an excellent German tutor in Gen
eral Macdar; while the Grand Duke Nicho
las, his father, overlooked hia military educa
tion, initiating him in thqso soldiery exercises
in which it was hie own pride to excel. Alex—
auderisyouth was passed amid these favor
able influences, and his education was com
pleted under the guidance of JowkousKi,
then the first of Russian living poets. At 10
be graduated from this somewhat singular
course of education, and, thenceforth par
ticipated actively in the affairs and pageants
of State. His father was then Emperor,
and young Alexander 'nt once assumed
a high command in the Imperial armv
a b the Czar’s chief Aid-de-eamp. \s
such it was his duty to take the lead in
those splendid military reviews and ceremo
nies which were tbo special prido and do-,
light of Nicholas. Russia was long, at peace
with tho world, so that tho GzarowitoU had
no opportunity to display or
military talent. That Re mado. au excellent
carpet-knight was acknowledged on all
hands; and his fathers subjects .wore proud
of the handsome and stately' vouhe prince
who rode so gallantly and gracefully at the
limd of his cmrassed and hclmetted troops
for Alexander was inferior duly to the Km
ptror Nicholas .in personal beauty, and the
nubility of his I’rcsenco. When ho was
twenty-one or two the charge ‘of all' the
nrlitary schools of tho empire was given'into
hb hands, and as governor of these
h< made frequent Twite i to them, and
dtigently searched out and provided
fer their defects. Ho imornVd' i
I*l, when ho was2y Maximiliana. daughter
"f Louis, Grand,Dnko of HesVe, a handsome
a l r. C n ?ll shei T', ivlio still lives to
adorn .tho consort throne,,—
The Czaro witch.was little sccn-it.'court
from the time of his.mairiage to that of his
accession, for he was busy with hismiUtarv
duties and studies; and in ISM ho made a
Inig tour to the remotest confincsof the vast
empire, visiting the. Crimea, the Caucasus,
anrl Circassia, being received withenthusias
tiobonorwhoroverheiventeltwaa.kiiciwii,
before Nicholas died, that hia heir was lib
eral m opinion, and was fully resolved to pnr
sne a policy In many things antagonistic to
that of his father. This produced a breach
mow or less serious between father unison,
and for some time tho Emperor refused to I
admits tho sou to his presence;/ It
♦whispered, at onqtimythai Nicholas iiitend-.
Sfl toriepnvo'£Alcxpndor.. of tho succefcaiopd
anti to couferat iipoi£tho Grand Dukol.Con-j
stautinc, who •zealqhaly aympatliiiod-with*
him aiid was ius favorite son- Thoi quarrel
extended to .the
and bitter feud/dividing the ,court v and the
political parties between them. They never
spoke or hold any perwihal relations with
each other. A simila?“Btatc of things fol
lowed to that which existed in England in
the reign of George Il.rtho monarch had one
court and the heir another, each bitterly hos
tile to each other. A reconciliation, however,
took place just before the death of Nicholas.
He called his oldest sou to his bedside and
an adopting and'affectionate scone ensued.
Both* were melted to tears, and the long
estrangement was aV an end/' Nicholas then
called Constantine to him; and besought him
to make peace with his.brother. Tho. young
mail; fuUblooded; obstinate, and self-willed,
at first refused; but the dving Emperor's sup
plications at last‘prevailed;-and the two
brothers were clasped to each other’s hearts
jit the sick bedside. There .were everywhere
fears lest Coustantido, who.was bold, adven
turous, and ambitious. as well as exceedingly
popular, should resist Alexander's succession,
anil endeavor to secure tho crown of Mus
covy and Russia for himself by a military
eon# d’etat; but on Nicholas* death these fears
were speedily dissipated, for Constantino
was tho lirst.to hail and swear allegiance
to tho i new-• Czar, and to offer him
self .for his. service. Alexander's accession
to the throheK was hailed by the liberal
party of Russia as the beginning of an era of
true progress: and this promise, during tho
first years of his reign, was not helled. Re
forms began to be decreed by ukase after
I ukase, frightening the nobles, disgusting the
old Russia party, and calling forth tho ad
miration of liberal Europe: The Czar had
seen with his own eyes tho oxfcravgauco and
corruption of tho public functionaries of tho
Empire; and he first cleared tho Augean sta
bles of the State of their rubbish and placed
the administration on uneconomical and sys
tematic basis; Then bedecroed a greatly im
proved.syatsm.of education/ tho universities
were freed-, from .tho restric
tions’ -imposed* on* them by tho des
potic. Nicholas’, tho military tyranny
over civil affairs was abolished and some of
tho mostlrksomo* Taws' restricting tho press
were abrogated.--All this war'prune in tho
very first year of Alexanders reign. In his
second year he turned his attention to Po
Land, granted an universal amnesty to the
exiles.of 1830, removed many ot the despotic
laws which weighed on that unhappy land,
and and earnestly endeavored to ro
cuQsile them to .Russian rule. The Emperor
found his efforts unavailing, and was soon
obliged to restore the repressive administra
tion of I he.old Russian. Governments. Then
came the magnificent act of freeing the serfs
—an act. betraying a courage of which Alex
ander had not been suspected; and manv
more bfoaffaud liberal measures which have
been put into operation iu Russia might bo
traced to his power. Alexander is the
least military, of his
spect he is not a true Romanoff. lie is
known to shrink from warlike measures, and
to prefer tho paths of peaceful internal im
nnprovement. His nature is soft ami polish
ed. rather than hold and haughty, like his
father, Nicholas, or active ancTgracious, like
his uncle, Alexander.’ No‘prince ever pre
served a loftier reputation for purity, dignity
and mildness of personal character.
That lie is often melancholy and gloomy is
perhaps u hereditary misfortune, for so was
Nicholas and Paul before him. A great con
trast to tho-Emperor is his next brother, Con
stantino. grand Duke and Grand Admiral of
tho Russian fleet. He is perhaps the ablest
imperial prince 'of the house of Romanoff
since Peter tho Great. A man of indomitable
activity, strength of will, personal power
over men, war-liko, bold, quick-witted
and tenacious of purpose. When a mere
lad. being then admiral, his brother
Alexander happened to bo taking a cruise
upon his flagship. Constantino, us comman
der, ordered the Czarowitch to do'something,
which oi-der tho latter resisted. Tho young
Admiral at once arrested him. though ho was
heir to the crown, and kept him iu conlino
mept till they reached port. Nicholas se
verely reprimanded Constantino for this act,
but it was believed that in his secret heart
ho was prouder of ids rough sailor lad than of
his more gentle and pliant heir. Constan
tine, indeed, was''cast in the mould of his
iron-willed father. His tastes are martial,
and he is the idolized loader of tho ultra old
Russia” party which regards it as the sacred
mission of the Empire to expel tho Moslem
from Europe, and to assume tho. headship of
the United Slavic race of tho eastern side of
tliat continent. He is the Pan-Slavic chief.
Ear from being liberal, as younger sons of
Kings are apt to be, he is opposed to educa
tion, emancipation, and freedom within the
Empire iu any direction. Ho would have
tho whole energies of tho Stato bent upon its
military strength,- and upon the' establish
ment of -an irresistible and permanent war
like power. Had he been Emperor instead of
Alexander—as it was at one-time thought
probable he might ho—Russia would long
since have been plunged into a war to,avenge
■the Crimea. Russia, according to Constan
tine, must fulfil her mission, obtain her
“natural fronticis,” and assume her right
position as chief of tho Slavonic nations and
protector of the Orthodox Greek Church.
Different as they are in character and in
their political views, the Emperor Alexander
and tho Grand Duke Constantino alsopresent
a striking contrast in personal appearance.
The Czar is tall and rather slight, a remarka
bly stately and handsome man, with large
blue eyes, regular features, and almost clas
sically-cut face, and a nobly shaped head:
hw expression is serious, almost even sad;
his manner is quiet and unassuming. The
Grand Duke is bluff and active, with square
head and face, stoutishbody, curly hair. Keen
pray eyes hidden behind a pair of eye
glasses which he perpetually wears,
broad smlor-liko shoulders, rath
er. -.ostentations in dress, and
prompt, abrupt iu manner. He is anioro uni
versally accomplished man than his brother,
wid is especially fond of and conversant with
the English language and’literature, which
is unfashionable at St.- Petersburg, French
being there the language iu fashionable
vogue, and French fashions the example to
the haui monde. Constantino is hospitable
mid loves ranch society; Alexander prefers
sohtude and mingles rarely with his court.
Ihe one is a thorough man of the world, tho
other a royal recluse. Such iu brief, are the
father and uncle of Prince Alexis; both men
of mark, who have had an interesting his
tory, and who are the chiefs and representa
tives of tiie two antagonistic Russian ideas.
A Bird-Fancier Become* Drunk, and fiitaya
no a Week— Ilia Place locked l T p—The
Bird* and Animal* Die br Score*.
From tlio PhilaUitlpljla Telegraph.
For about ten years past, on Coates street,
above Eleventh, north side, a funny old man
has kept a sort of fancy birds’ auddogs' ba
zar. The one-story shauty. for it is nothing
more, was originally a carpenter shop, but
the bird man had it changed to suit his pe
culiar business: The interior was filled with
cages ami kennels, and tho yard Was roofed
over to form one immense coop, in whicli
was kept the pigeons. In this den of his he
had every variety of dogs, pigeons, rabbits,
and fancy game fowls.
The passersJjy could not hut pause in curi
osit}% and gaze into the place at the novel
sight. There were about two hundred pigeons
on hand, and a score or twoof choice Maltese
cats, in addition so the'other feathered,
grunting'and harking inmates. The place
has long been a nuisance totUeneighborliood,
owing to tho immense amount of vermin gen
erated, ami frequent complaints have been
made about it, but until yesterday did no op
port unity offer of bringing the old man to ac
count.
Besides Ins passion for dogs giid birds. tlio
idd man whq presides over this menagerie
has a fondness for nun. A week ago yester
day ho undertook a tremendous journey into
the domains of Bacchus, and has not been
seen unto this writing, Of course hosafelv
locked his life treasures up when he started,
•i™} t,,l *the key with him. Yesterday as
O&ccr Ullmrt, of the Eighth District, was
patrolling the street at tlmtrpoint, ho heard a
most satanic and hair-raising uproar.
For some lit tie time he was in doubt ns to
whence the fearful din came, hut at last he
discovered that it cmanattxl from the bird
fancier s shanty: Ho walked rapidly to tlio
spot, the noise becoming lender every mo
ment, and iH*ered through the dirt-begrimmed
jind cobwobbed window. The sight that met
Ins eyes was a fearful and sickening one.
He could descry dead bodies of Tunis, dogs
cats, and guinea pigs lying around, while tlio
dogs and oats that were alive were .scream
ing with agony and fighting each other like
demons.
Tlio Maltese cats that survived had become
,luau aud gaunt,_ and their eyes burned red
"’dh tho fires of madness. Tliedopr gnashed
mid foamed and roiled upon the floor in all
tlio horrible sulletiug of starvation. Ho saw
at once what-had happened, and biu-st the
door open. The stench that issued forth was
horrible. Dead bodies in-a high slate of de
composition-lay in the cages and over the
lloor, o er v lurli erawled and-writhed a hor
rid mass of vermin..
C do all he coufd.to save the ani
mals and hiMs not yet deal, he purchased
meat and cabbage from the grocery store and
.fed them, ilt was the first they had to cat
since their master's disappearance.
A warrant has been taken out for the pro
prietor, and (Jje case wili -bo placed in the
hands of the Boar d of Health.
A Singular Duel.
Prom Uio New Orleans Picayune, Oct. 2J.
An extraordinary encounter took place
Thursday morning, in the Fourth District.-
Iho scene of battle vras the marble top of a
bureau; tho actors an ant, of the smaller size,
ana a mosquito. Tho winced combatant
seemed to be stupid from too neartv a break
last on human blood. Tho ant approached
and retired several times in quick and eager
but very cautions dashes. But the tempta
tion was too great; ho .rushed ini and ~wns
soon entangled among tho limbs of the in
sect, which now began a.fegrful struggle
The ant first, clung to a leg,, and by close
observation .through 3 a'^arge,. magnifier
he waff seen the’Sr ot
thigh joint. The mosquito tried to fly but
foil after rising a few inches. The ant had
then disabled one leg and had ,changed to
The hmsqnito flow up llgai “V‘ t
felt instantly, as before, and the tierce and
relentless ant attacked one,of the Winis' and
in less than forty seconds it was paralyzed
and useless. The work was done. and tho
rfg&asL&ra
conquered antagonist could not";movei
Jie darted away, clamber* d .pidown
*the aide of the bureau,
met several of his brethren, salut ed each, of
them with Ida untemuo #r for degs and
rushed on. Having thus a dozer ot more
they turned back, surrounded the dymg; or
dead mosquito, and by inexplicable engineer
ing, bore him slowly but triumphantly
away. The weight ot tho mosduito- must
have been twenty times that of his fierce
and eager little assailant, but with true
stratogic-instiuot-he did his work by detail,
a legrat a time, instead of making oh'indis
criminate'onslaught. (luthe Bpirit'of>thbhoy
who-was digging out a' Woodchuck, tho ant
was “bound« to kill the mosquito, because
tho colony was out of meat.”
The £ontb African Dianond jFinldi.
Intelligence from the diamond fields tends
to. show that their richness and extent can
scarcely be exaggerated. Tho finds are con
tinuous anduumerous beyondprecodeut; and
the proportion of Targe stones—stones from
20.t0 18carats—seems to increase.; “Afort
night ago,’’{says the Standard and Mail of Sep
tember 5, “we should' havo pronounced Do
Beer’s the richest of all the fields; a month
ago our verdict would have been in favor of
Du Toit’s Pan;, and there is no doubt that
both are wonderfully* productive. 1 But it
seems that there is a Now Rush which eclip
ses both in diamond fertility. People become
rich there in the morning, and turn out their
fifteen or twenty stones of various sizes
before mid-day dinner. Meanwhile, every
thing is peaceful and orderly, and: life mid
property appear to he as safe in that part df
tho world os they are in this city. 1 There is
a rumor, indeed, of some-of the' Griqnas
wishing to get rid of Watorboior as their
chief, and substituting some favorite in his
stead, but nobody heeds what is said the
Griquos are not warlike, and the diggers are
quite strong enough to keep them in order if
they attempted to kick up a row/ Three
British magistrates, with their staffs,
will shortly be stationed in the field.” The
Ihtrgherndorp Gazette states that tho find of a
174-carat diamond, which had been hitherto
doubted, has been confirmed. A gentleman
who had it in his hand savs it is without a
flaw, and of good color, but pear-shaped. It
was found by a man looking very much like
a navvy. Ho hadanott*er of £30,000, which
ho declined. The Standard and Mail says
that the Inland Transport Company was
scarcely able to meet the demands upon it by
passengers, to tho diamond fields, and it was
necessary, in order to obtain a berth, that
application should bo made a fortnight or
three weeks in advance of the day fixed for
the departure of the wagon.— London Times.
Alottor frem Du Toit’s Pan July 21, to the
London Times says:
Tho Bultfontein diggings abut alraost.on
to those of Du Toit’s Pan J)eßeer’s, tho third,
being distant two miles-only. All three, in
fact, are adjacent each to tho other, and on
them are congregated about 15,000 whites
(men, women and children), with their native
servants. Nearly all live under canvas; many
iu their wagons, which are commodious, and
answer all the purposes of eating ami sleep
ing rooms. Stores and hotels mo built of
iron alone, or wood with iron roofs, and being
numerous, tho whole forms a curious and in
teresting sight as seen in the bright sunlight;
There is nothing else like it iu
South Africa, if in the worlds
certainly nothing else like it exist; anywhere
connected with the search for diamonds.
These diggings are far removed from any
river, the work being confined to dry siftings.
At first diamonds wore obtained on and im
mediately below the surface. At present
they are found largely to a depth of 15 feet
or even more. This morning a stone of 124
carats has been unearthed, probably not
worth more, however, on tho spot than £2,000,
being of very irregular shape.
/‘The other diggings are all within carting
distance of water, nearly all on tho Vaal Riv
er, which will bo found on the maps as form
ing a junction with the Orange Hi wr in about
lat. 20 05 N., long. 2410 E., alfcm soil claimed
by the Free State and South African Repub
lics. Iu all, some seventeen river spots nave
been worked with varying success, but are all
belug gradually deserted for tho neighbor
lioodof Du Toit’s Pau,whero the workismuch
lighter. Later reports are confirmatory of
what precedes, largo finds continuing to bo
made daily. Just as X embarked at Cape
Town, on the sth of September, my friend
Mr. Ross showed mo advices ho had that day
received of a diamond ninety-eight carats,
one fifty carats, and several small ones hav
ing been found iu the Victoria District,
about 100 miles from Hope Town,-ou the
Orange River. This being in the Cape Col
ony proper largely extends tho line ou which
diamonds exist. These are the first finds
worth mentioning that have been reported so
far down as tho Orange River. aly eon,
writing from Do Beer’s, reports a new rush
there the day after I loft, which has yielded
handsomely.”
Wife Beating in England*
McCarthy writes from London to the
Now York Mail:
I don’t know anything more lamentable
and shocking than the steady increase of a
certain class of deeds of violence in England,
I mean the brutal treatment of wives, and,
indeed, of women generally. Of course, these
ofi’enccs are confined to a very low class, but
they are rampant there. Take up any paper
any day and you cansupfullof horror on such
stories. The London rough comes home drunk,
and the mere sight of his wife is enough to
madden him. Ho beats her on the head, kicks
her in the stomach, knocks her down and
jumps upon her. A scries of kicks in
tho abdomen is as familiar a rebuke
to ono of these wretched women as a
box on the ear to a naughty child. A brute
111 the North of England tho other day set a
horco bull dog at his wife and kept the sport
going until tho animal had torn lumps of
llesh out of tho woman’s arms and shoulders:
thou tho hnsbaud finished np by beating hor
on the head and breasts. Ho got six months’
imprisonment! The woman’s life was at one
time despaired of. but sho did not die, and
so he escaped any serious punishment. A
man in London quarrelled with his wife be
cause she complained of his going to a public
house. Ho beat her to death with a blud
geon. A lazy scoundrel out of work was
coming out of a public bouso: his wife met
him. Without waiting for her possible rc
proach be knocked her down and stamped up
on hor iegaandstomach. Another fellow came
homo drunk to the beside of his dying wife;
lie struck tho woman on the face. lam not
inventing or exaggerating—all this appeared
m the papers last week—and when the poor
S woman s father and sister remonstrated ho
i knocked the father down, seized the sister in
l his brawny arms, ran to the window, opened
it, and hoisted the shrieking young woman on
to tho sill of it, resolved to lling her into tho
street, twenty feet below. Tho woman, wild
with agony and terror, clung to the frame
work of tho window with frantic clutch.’
While thewretch was deliberately endeavor
ing to unclasp her fingers,the neighbors rushed
in and saved hor. Of course he will got no
adequate punishment. The British rough
has got it thoroughly into his head that
wife is his property to beat and kick as he
pleases, and unless ho actually and deliber
ately killed the woman, having formally
announced his intention beforehand, he
never sutlers more than a few weeks’ impri
l sonniont. Tho beast would be more severely
punished if ho were to break a pane of glass
I m ttsfiop'iTiudow, The papers positively
overnow with these crimes just now. It is
1 almost superfluous to single out any par
tienlar caso as an illustration, for they are all
just the some. lu no country of the civilized
world, save England alone, do such things oc
cur to the same extent, and tho fact is a hid
eous disgrace to our laws and our society, i
»cueed for these cases either special and I
exceptional legal punishment or lynch law.
hither the law must deal with a man who
does Ins best to murder his wife as with a
murderer or society outraged by these crimes
must become a law unto itself. This very
day—siuce I began to write this paragraph—
-1 reartiu the police reports an account of the
doings of a ruffian whose brutality almost
sickens one to think of. This man—he is
young, only 22—comes home to his
young wife, who is described as very 44 clean,
neat, and attractive in appearance,’- and who
is far advanced in pregnancy.” and hebe-i
pins by beating her and blackening one of
lier eyes. An hour after ho begins again—lie
beats her anew, and blackens the other eye
Later, on tins’same happy evening, sho goes
to bed. whereupon he pulls her out of bed by
the hair and kicks her until sho lies insensi
ble. and her mother finds hor stretched out
apparently lifeless. What punishment is
awarded to the husband? Three months’
imprisonment Again, I say, the only remedy
for this sort of thing, while wo wait for the
working of oqr now system of national edu-
Lyuch’” 13 cxceptlQnal legislation—or Judge
Hunting Hade Easy,
rr°m the Minneapolis (Minn.) Tribune, Nov. I.
.Mr. Nathan Gletehur, a resident of Eden
fraine in thin comity, was on Thursday last
crossing a field m the neighborhood in "which
no resides, when ho discovered some distance
from him. among a cluster of Jack-oaks, a
splendid large buck that had evidently be
came cntmiglod in; some manner, and ap
peared to_bo straggling-to-free itself. Ap
proaching nearer ho discovered that there
Kvfn,. t VO 'T"i tb ™~f ne *sad and the other
I™ lhey evidently been-en-
l n i. a rough ana tumble fight, and
whdo thus amusing themselves their
is,-, bccn tvertged ...together
nvt™n&ft? 1 ft wasimpossibloforthem to
eemle?ii' w!!?.- 8tro 8er f tbe tw O had SllC
cccued in breaking tlie neck of bis onnonent
but unfortunately for huu, was
offts 1 !f!.ia e I'®; 1 ft shake off the burden
'Vj ad Mr. Fletcher-drew his
thß buck, endcav
throat, but the deer, enenm
aftms^-eroi'rf* Ivaß too much fortim, and
S tet cralnnauecessful attemnts.iu which
be was rather roughly handled by this
linnaSwft 1 of the forest?’ he returned to the
distant) and secured his
heading it with a heavy charge of
‘“ft returning to the scene of his
animal efforts 80011 despatched the uniucky
A Dead .JSatairiH-
Thc'Wlllin.i" Genera Pm
BMBhterr
n _ From York Son.
benfy Hillon.an ox-Union soldier,
tor of a newspaper stand at Montgomery aud
Hudson, streets, Jersey-City, yesterday’re
ceived a check for live hundred dollars from
li of tbo Jate General Stegman, of
the- CoitfetleKito army. The circumstances
under which, the money was paid are roman
tic. During the. war Dillon served in the
Second New Jersey Cavalry. He accompanied
his regiment on. Gnereou’s famous raid
through Mississippi, and while on a scouting
expedition one day encountered Gen
eral Stegman and oao of, Uia staff
.oiUTi'i C7ILI
Shdtrf** 7 Vtei& exchanged,
audj the rebel General* "ifell uom
his saddle wounded.;- The staff offl
cer but "was overtaken and captured by
a cdfnrado of Dillon's. In hls'dyihg moments
Goa' Stogmau requested his J slayer to take
from ouo; of his inside pockets jus will, be.
queathiDg,aU. his -property, to his wife and
daugliter, and a life insurance policy for
SIO,OOO. He asked Dillon to keep them, and
send them to his family.?
After, the war Mr. Dillon advertised in
vain for,the owners, and he resolved to retain
possession of ’the papers until some inquiries
should be made for them. Recently an ad
vortisement appeared iij the Alabama papers,
offering SSOO for, tho. missing will, Dil
lon answered'* it, and ‘General Steg
inan’s daughter came North as tho
guest of Roger Al Pryor; She related tho
particulars of tho long search for the will, tlm
difficulties that bad been encountered, the
production of u forged will by. her fathers
relatives and their Mobile lawsuits. She ex
pressed deep gratitude to Hr. Dillon for tho
recovery oi tho will, and said that through it
her mother and herself would he enabled to
regain possession of their extensive Alabama
and Georgia estates. The estates ore valued
at SBOO,OOO.
Dillon is to he subpoenaed.as a, witness in
tho suits for their restoration' to the rightful
owners. Young Dillon gallantly distinguish
ed himself in several actions during the war,
and was one of, the. few private,soldiers to
whom Congress voted a gold 'medal for
bravery.
The Use of Soluble Glom for Rendering
Wood Fireproof.
From the Engineering* and Mining Journal.
We can scarcely expect that the building
of wooden houses will hereafter in all coses
he forbidden by law, and no fireproof mate
rial has as yet been discovered, which can
take the placed! wood which now enters into
the construction of both brick and stone
houses. Iron beams and columns have
proved entirely inadequate io withstand an
intense heat. They are, under such circum
stances, hut little, if at all,.better than
wooden ones. They twist and curl to such
an extent that, in Chicago, buildings, it is
said, fell down owing to the heat from neigh
boring fires. We can, however, with but
little trouble and expense, render wood al
most as passive with regard to lire as brick
or stone; and wo think that this precaution
should bo insisted on by municipal authori
ties.
The process to which wo ollndc, and on
which there exists no pateut t so that any one
who likes can try it, is briefly as follows
Tho dried lumber is soaked_for a short time
iu a solution of soluble glass, a silicate of so
da or potash, and then immersed in a bath of
lime-water. Ini this way the silicate of soda
is decomposed, and a silicate of lime formed
iu the pores of the wood.
This substance occurs in nature as a min
eral known as Wollnstonite, and is both fire
proof and insoluble iu water, so that wood
once treated in this way will never change its
qualities. Soluble glass is largely manufac
tured in this country, and used for a variety
of purposes.
A Bankrupt Become* a millionaire ia
Three Tears.
From the Jfcw York Times.
Three years nco Alexander Frear, the
protege of Peter B. Sweeny, and the associate
of John J. Bradley, also, a member of ono or
two Ring Commissions and th 6 obedient
agent of Tweed iu tho Assembly declared
himself a bankrupt, and was adjudicated
such in the United States District. Court on
his own petition. Ho made oath that his en
tire property consisted of S2OO worth of wear
ing apparel, and SSO worth of. hooks, while
Ins liabilities amounted to upward of SIOO,OOO.
At the present time he is estimated to bo
worth one million dollars. That a man pos
sessing property only worth $250, and' owing
a small fortune in the »w:iy of debts, could
rise to the position of a milUonmrc, outside of
ordinary business channels, in the short space
of three years, seems almost impossible.
Such, however, is the case of Frear. who has
accumulated his money without the aid of
business. Ever since he became a bankrupt
ho has been nothing else but a Tammany
politician and a favorite of the Ring; and
this fact, iu the minds of many, will probably
bo accepted as tho best explanation of his
rapid accession to wealth. *Ho filed his peti
tion in voluntary bankruptcy on the 19th day
of February, ISGS, doubtless regarding it as
the surest way of escaping his indignant
creditors, who were pressing him to pay tho
debts which he had contracted. Bytiieonler
which adjudicated luma bankrupt, he had
all his liabilities entirely “wiped out.”
A Wild Woman.
Gt-bhaiisviUc, SonuTsotCoimty.Pa., claims
the sensation of the week,: It has a genuine
simon-pure, wild woman, almost as .undo as
was Eve after the fall, forsh&wunrs only an
apron of leaves, sandals «f .barb, and a-neck
lace of teadicrries. Swift as,a doe, people
have rarelv been able to see her features dis
tinctly m her visits to the neighboring farm
houses and outskirts of the village; yes those
who have seen her declare that she is far
from uncomely in person and countenance.
Her oval face is set with keen black eyes
and framed in long masses of flowing.blacfc
hair; and with her tail, slender figure, she
has the air of the queen of the forests. Like
most women, she has a great dread of men,
and bounds away over fences ami fields
whenever 9110 attempts to approach her. Yet
she is consistent, and avoids in like.manner
too great familiarity ■with women.
For children, however, she seems to have a
great fondness, as was exemplified only a few
days past. While passing near the house of
a farmer she espied a little girl threo or four
years old, playing in the road. Crouching,
sbe crawled behind a fence until within a
short distance of the child, then, with a
bound, cleared the fence, in the next moment
seized the screaming little one, and was
away at the top of her speed. Tho mother
hearing the screams of her child, pursued
screaming yet more loudly. Her husband,
attracted by the cries of both, hastened to
the chose. The wild woman, finding herself
encumbered by the weight of the child,
dropped it and escaped. The latter was nu
innired, with the exception of some scratches
which, no doubt, are attributable to the long
nails of the strange denizen of the fields and
forest.
Satisfaction In Stealing*
A curious case of kleptomania has come to
ligut iu Lftwrcnco, Alasy. A burglar, after
breaking luto tlio bouse, tviih captured, shot
and earned to the lock-up. Although hU
wound was slight, it was agreed that the sur
geon should tell him he would not lire more
than an hour, in order to draw a confession
from him. The burglar, after exacting a sol
emn promise from his captor that all the
money m his possession should ho. handed
over to his wife, confessed that he was tho
unfhor of many burglaries that had been
committed m that region, and thiit he’ had
secreted in Ash Grpvo Church, in Albany,
under the pulpit, two tin boxes
idled with gold and silverware, and
u b'-s room on Arch street,
in that city, several hundred dollars in-bank
notes around the wainscoting of the windows
and m other places; also, that his real name
was Carrel Sanborn. and that he wdrkctTfor
a Jlr. McDonald in Albany. He then handed,
over bi,J>oo in greenbacks, saymgtiiat, accord
ing to the agreement, that sum, with SBOO in
a sayings bank n Albany and siOQmoro
secured in his room, should btf given. to 1 his
lie. Ho had not robbed for money, he said
but for the pleasure of it; it was a that
camo over him at times, and which he, could
i until he broke into some place.
Iho dark lantern found in his possession i is a
marvel of perfection, and was madX hfm-
s wife, who resides in Bristol
of°bi?.» ro ’T 1 8 sll,lL ket '"■hensho heard
of Ins. arrest, as-she supposed that he was at
AU tbc uu,nty and
cateih uro found concealed in the places indi-
The English Pnj«n( Law. i;
r, The report of tho British Coaunhjsionors of
Fi^i^U 870 j, nst P“WW«d. BtataSSt
since lhi2. when the present act went into
operation, patents liavo been issued, of
\v Inch B>,SW lapsed at the end of tho third
at tlu en< tile seventh year.
I*>*U there were 3,405 applications for
timfoVjn a ere Passed. In addi
tion -.110 specifications wore filed! and 1.265
patent claims were forfeited, through tho
negligence of the applicants. Tho work of
printing tho specifications of patents! under
in nnm her, and running
from 1711 to 18a2, was completed in irsr
Since KWO the abridged specifications have
he n i! I ri7| drV lllart CTI V Tho nnbU6a«oMl|
nriso Comn? issioners of Patents cam.
pnso -.,050 Tolonies, tho cost of which
is over |12,5U0. Complete sets to tho
authorities! o^tfi 7 lmvo bu S' l to the
of f Jnmt if-fi e r n cl Pi'l cities and towns
of Great Britain, on condition that tho vol
nines shall ju daily ucccssihle to tho public.
free of charge. Tho British Govemmont.-jt
may ho remarked, has also presented several
complete sets to institutions in the United
States, and two copies of this invaluable se
nes Of nuhhcations. are to he found la this
c *t3’* rt-tho gross receipts of the English pat
ent office amounted to ?sSo >(Jis of |jo _
3(to were paid to law officers of the- govern
ment m England andSl7,2soto the law offi
eors in Scot land and Ireland; Tho' hhihc
pondod balance remaining in the hands of
tho C< mmisaionera at tho end of‘ Igrn
amounted to 4317,055, and the total-3nrffi,i«
es c elßo3Eas reached the sumbfgi*
Trlrgrnph Around the World.:
ky-a TOramS-'whleh^w^oSw^St
cable are about tobo-laid nn
Mr. Cyras w. Field. One wfil hif tw. di otlQn 0 t
cisco to Honolulu. t hence ta U Mldi^,“ T Jj“* n ,Pran
tbcnco .to Yokohama, a,sis miles aU(
bo from Victoria, vimcouverti-r«i A o, ber will
dadl, Japan.thcico to AstoUo mJSfti'® Hako-
Oiitmp wPh Possiotto, which is iTli»5 l P’ c-ommani
by telegraph witbSL Petorehur- rei, dy<*nnecte<l
<me pt tbo AlenUan Isle! a torni., From Atcba.
S ima and Sham-hat" fh.,? r? a «togo to Yoko-
China, while from YoknS.^ auD llllca tlng with
to Ntphon, tiionce to Po^fcS,?;. l tU) toTra
mated that Wki mUw of -ItkertU
JESSf aa Franc ißoo to S PosStf*.
first-line. Br tho ath™ ii«« nywtb*
same Place, about Irem Victoria to tbo
Unea from Jlonmm„ s i“*. “i 1 8 wm he- needed,
Francisco ana iri L t r all? J oin San,