NEW YORK.
Amiuttfecnt, Ari« Faiblonn, Do*B«, and
the Chicftgo Firf.
CQirwpoadvucc of The Chicago Tribune.
New York, Kov,‘«.£
ThejjnwmVof gaycty had certainly never
bcoa.iitore brilliant. The season began for
some reason or other »o early by the middle
of October,-we •were already in the very
heart of oar music.
Apart from Parppa, and Wachtel, who has
drawn to tho Stndt Theatre n an audience
by no means exclusively German, and who,
at tho Academy, met Parcpa m one never
to-be-forgotten night of -ITovatote; apart
too from Nillson now in the midst of her
operatic season, and some minor attractions,
there was much interest excited by the de
but of Mrs. Moulton.
The Parisian prestige of thisjtfihtming hru
nette, and the well-known loveliness of her
voice, were much in her favor; and her
fnemis can hardly be said to bo disappointed
m her success, although not once has she m
-111 t public the completeness of ad
miration that envelopes her in tlio parlor,
xsot once-boa she been quite eo fascinating as
at «w. Stevens’ crowning musicalent New
port, where she put all auditors into uhout
tbo same enchanted condition as that iu
which ehojmld the Emperor, at Compeigne.
by her illimitable singing of ballads and
nursery rhymes.
Nothing was talked of for a day and a
night but her voice of delicious mezzo
soprano, her marbbslike complexion,the nnm
l>er of her lockets (thirteen, I believe, on the
necklace), and the length of her dark eye
lashes, rivalling those of kola Montes, which
could uphold a cigarette. Hut. with an au
dience like that, the public is. iu comparison,
like friendship to love. To say that the one
is ‘pleased. Is, iwrhaps, praise as much as to
say of the other that it is Infatuated.
As for Nilsson, she is attracting just such
audiences as her relined genius craves; and
with brief exception, her voice has been In
excellent condition.
Other chief excitements have been the
weddings, the yUcht races, and preparations
for the entertainment of tin* Grand Duke.
Of the weddings, the most beautiful of the
season occurred iu Ascension Church. The
bride was one of the loveliest and most queen
ly of our Now York belles—the reigning
l>eauty, indeed, of two seasons—ami the orig
inaiot -Fagnaiui’smuse, “Thalia.” Twas an
evening wadding; ami the altar scene was
particularly effective, because the grooms*
men, those funereally mipielurcsque objects
were omitted; _,tue bridegroom bad
his “best .map.” and tl»o bride
was accompauieil by six young girls, in a
cloud of white tulle like herself, only with
leafy garlands across the corsage and upon
the head, in contrast to her point lace veil
and Normandy-shaped crown of white jas
mine, and the corsage bouquet f jasmine and
orangu flowers. Nearly the whole of the bodv
of the church was reserved for the beautiful
dresses; and (he scene was altogether daz-1
zling when“Le parlate d’anmre broke sud
denly into tho “Wedding March” and the
brutal cortege, was announced hv flu* entrance
--with their hardly more than bridegroom
hushamls,—of the two young sis tew of the
bride, almost as beautiful as herself, ami
both of them married within the year. The
ceremony was followed by a reception at the
house, ami day-nvantious afterwants, for the
wedding trifis, which, us a matter of course,
nowadays, wen* rich beyond description.
Fbe yacht races have been altogether rath
er a mixed pleasure, hut the winning of the
Sappho gave genuine delight, and when its
gallant owner, who has won so many laurels
this smunn-r, came in late to the opera that
night, he found himself quite a hero among
Ins fair friends.
In lln* amici pa ted delight of entertaining
two brand Duke, the delay seems not to
iiavoquenched the ardor, hut to be merely a
boon to our fashionable girls who found
themselves, after their summer's campaign
“in rags," and have had little time to pre
pare* continue* rfc hnf. Every 1 hing now stands
in exact state of completed preparation. A
huge platform has been erected in front of
the Eyeret House, just where the most per
fect view of the procession will occur, for
the principal music and guests; and the
apartments at the Clarendon have been
a mingl'd with elaborate gocnl taste. The
drawing-room has. us the ground-work «f its
color, both in fresco ami in tapestry, the pale
Kussiau mven, just the most delightful tint
to give relief to the many lovely objects of
art, and the paintings in the most artistic,
modem tints. The coat-of-arms of the Czar
of Russia is over the door. The dining room
is in rosewood and scarlet, ami has a wonder
ful nmsic-box, almost as largo as a piano,
with castanets, and drums, and bells, and ce
lestial voices, exactly suited to accompany
with harmonious strains the delectable
courses of the Duke, and the bedchamber is
in "blue "with all those beautiful draperies
of lace that seem made to bo the guardian
wings of pleasant dreams." The paintings
here, and the ornaments, as elsewhere, are
chosen with charmingly sympathetic etleet;
and a little garden is made to open from the
windows, with fountains and groans of fresh
flowers, companions of those winch, at the
last moment, will be plucked to till the vases;!
mid which will doubtless he very delicious to
eyes that have travelled the long gardcnless
highroads of the sea.
The fashions—since the weather remains so
mild—are by no means pronounced; at least
upon tho promenade, where silks are now
imiformally still worn, with the addition, on
a cool day, of a cashmere saeque thickly em
broidered, or a sacqitc with rape, bordered
with needlework or passementerie, and
t'ringcd. These are soon be displaced bv
blade dresses of very thick material, and
elaborate triimningof fur. All tho inevitable
rumors that at every transition of fashion
thrill the slender purse with pleasure ut the
promise of everthing very plain, arc
as usual utterly dispersed, and *‘mnrc trim
ming than ever" asserts its well-established
place. The colors are. for the most part,
softly blended, and in shades rather than in
hues; the purples arc veiled with grey, the
scarlets have a secret warp of cream; tho
lovely mezzotints of ivory and rose and azure
make the draperies subordinate to the com
plexion. Color this year has a little pensive
in&st to it, as if it had caught the motto:
Ours must sutler to be beautiful."
And «ecd I tell you that over all these
things the torch-light gleam of those wild
nights lu Chicago, when life and death stood
face to (ace. U*i east that atmosphere of
shadow, that air of mmi/fity, which these
vanities, delightful os they ate, mid neces
sary as they are, do always catch from
the reduction U|khi them of that in tenser
world, through which they can never give ns
the Qucousutping gannwnts to pass.
lu nest I sliall have much of in
ternet, probably, to tell you of our picture
galleries, wbjeg are opening :»ow several ex
hibitions of note.
New book* ot this soaaon enmo fast ud
thick, aft if they only united for summer’s
engrossing chapter to In* closed in that
grander hook, of which October “tarns the
leaves.” Many of tln-m um of a religious
.turn. Among these. Miss Warner’s Hmjae
in Town/* was published by Carter simulta
neously with I*>Uy Norris’ Enemy,” uu ex
cellent lllu«i/»tiOn of procrastination, by
Joanna B. Matthews. ami “A Grandfather’s
Faith a very touching store, ami ono of the
most prised of recent uivetules.
Miss Warner lias cuoseu for her book—
which amplV sustains the reputation vvou hy
“Wide, Wide World.” and,.indeed, m her
characterization of the de)ieate. ummnted,
and lovably effective heroine, is jjusurpassed
hv bar previous works—the motto, 44 r«n innn
that w.irreth entanghdh himself with tin*
affairs of this life; that be tuav please lluu
who Imth chosen him t«* he a soldier.
Al the same time, we have from Randolph s
"Auut Jane's Hen.” hy the eyer-weleijme
Mtn. Fjrefttta. With the exception of a lew
marring passages, the book i» parhcnlaily
pleasing and well-timed. It is a plea for the
establishment of flhnplo Christian homes,
such as do not keep young lovers waiting
weary years to IniihJ up or
inherit grand establishments or wnrj? I heir
.itioieo hy money eonsiderations. It draws a
inithfur and attractive picture of a little
home, that in one respect, at least, resembled
the heavenly, in that it did not require the
«duaigef(tilamps o£ fortune to ht« “thelight
thereof.”
Randolph publishes also "CunsfusConso
latoft” or, “TheFulplt in Relation to Social
Lif,. nsericaof earnestly thoughtful essays,
hv Dr. Alexander McLeod, ujkiu such jrniet!-
subjerts as Iho social mission of the
pulpit; its office as an elevator, a healer,
•meducator, a liberator, and a regenerator:
its secrets of failure and sucre**, ilo moper
range, ami just valuation. Of novels, of
which almost every* publishing house offers
something new. we have from Hurd A
Houghton a paHjruhirly attnictive volume.
44 Zuuita. a tale ot the 1 osennto by 1 Iteresc
Yolvcrton, Viscountess Avininmre, which
contains the most gorgeous deccriptton of
the sceneries and weird characters of that
wonderful laud.
Late Cfternnce* of the Ex-Ctnprror Pin
potcon.
The Bath *fqm« contains an account of an
interview which a rcj»orter of that journal
bad with the cx-Empcrgr of the French on
OcUW, during Ills visit to that city. After
£ome mutual compliments lunl passed, tin*
reporter wild? “There are on** or two jmli.
lie questions about which much interest
Is felt, and upon which yotir MajestyV
opinion would he gratefully received, as
wall hv the Htircus of Bath ns Inc
«?oimt;yat large. J trust your Majesty will
not consider m« inipcrthiwut m asking them*
The Emperor—Oh, no: Inc re
porter—Your Maiostj*. when former} v resid
ing in England, enrolled j'our&clf us a
special c»Bstabl»' during the disturb
auccs which vore threatened. by
the Chartists. There js a tfrmiir
.Republican agitation arising in this
countrv. If vour Majesty were resnnne
It: England. and there was danger from this
a rf}|atnm to the British Constitution, would
vou still enroll yourself on the side of law
and orderf Tho Einperoy—l should do that
which I done before. (Tins reply was given
bv the Eujperor with tuncli emphasis.) The
RelK.rt.l—Will your Majesty i«f"™ wo
it thm> he ;uiy, truth m th« «i.trart»
imffl Jl. Lmsiuv's Jlntwtn, Iravurr ivf
menee to the aimcxatiou of ISelpnni. :u <1
particularly to the afalemcut that the hinsr
«»f Ihc'llelßiaHHrvftßhimself iiwu to treaty I
The Knipeior— I have received those paiupli
lets, but 1 cannot answer for what is sum.
The Reporter— lias your Majesty any knmvl
/edge of the statements referring
til tho King of the Belgians being
fttwn to treaty f The Emperor—What
treaty! The Ueiwrtcr—lt is stated that the
King of thd .Belgians was oju-ii u, make ur
ningcmoutß xV»f the transfer of; IMimim to
France. The EtHueror (very d.*cidcdly)->ot
.Jit all. The RcpdrU*i—J ;mj sure yonr
VOLUME 25.
Majesty will pardon xuy-asking you if
consider tho existing govern-
ln «»t franco solid T The Emperor
A cannot tell; I do not think so.
Aothuigm settled. Tim Importer—Tho Em
pixstw m now in Spain, and I trust she will re
turn m invigorated health. Would-your
Majesty oe pleased to say if tho visit of tho
Empress .to Spain hn# any political
fiigmhcaiice f Thu Emperor—No, no; not nf
oil; alio Inis gone to ,see her mother ami
visit her estate there; aucl I hope sho will re
turn in good health. The Ite porter—l will
ouly ask one more question. What effect
does your Majesty consider tho elec
tion of Prince Napoleon for Cor
sica will have upon future crept* in
J ranee T The Enipenu—That Ido not know,
Ui« Eejiortcr— I (.eg again to thank vour
Majesty for the. pleasure of this interview.
;md to express the hope that on some future
i occasimi you will favor us with a longer visit
to the city of Ilath. Tho Emperor—l cannot
say when 1 may come again. Ju >croir. v
THE MICHIGAN FERES.
licllrr from the Uon. AVillinm A. Howard
to Alexander H. Bice, of Boirloti-Thr
HuOcriug and Ibe Need of Aid.
The Hod. William A. Howard, T,aud Com-
S r f 1,; addressed the, fol
letter to the Hon. Alexander H. Kice,
i,AM» Dei'AKTUcxr Grand Rapids i
and Indiana Railuoad,
OIUXD R.it’WS, Mich., Oct. 20, 1871.
The Uou. -1 lexnrulcr IT. nice
S J* Yourleitcrof thoaith la received.
Ou tile 2flth I advised yon of the receipt of your
uud tUat 1 drawn for
Z'mV&PJ' 1 faVur< jf Avery,Treasurer. I
aa kcau. thacharncter and
c ,\u} *l*° by Arc in (bis State. You
Ute fc 5 l st b T considering the
\rDo?j tll localities. lake any ordinary map of
Muiiisr.in uml notft tlwpltift vhcrc the Meuetul
uec iUvtr euipUwi into OTwn.Boy.rWtHtlviT
«.\T H ,L h V f tou tta fl aQ’ Ustweru Wisconsin
l Mtcl»f*iu». The Pcshtlgo, niter
widening into a kind of bay, empties into Green
outh l»rl:ap6 ten or (Uteeu.
t Uc town of that nanus was six or eight miles from
On e« Buy, on that river, and, of course, in wis
lH‘l* town was burned, with Rurh
learfiil loss of life, survivors fiertto the lumbering
viages on the Michigan side of the Uuc- These
lunges were burned with great loss of life. Their
people and our people ate sufferers together, and
■wlun the Mayor of Milwaukee rslTmutes the
number of deaths at 1.500, f suppoto it must eju
bniee ours as well as theirs, theira being much the
hirg»r number. Of course (hey receive aid alto
gether, and mainly in the name of Wisconsin, ami,
V*ro.igh their committees. Ho can ship supplies
olivet fnjm Grand lluveu. but, to uvold confusion,
wo l.nd it host 1 1 send money and supplies
Co Milwaukee. where. I believe, the best
thing* uve done In the best way, so far
locality is concerned. tio omeh
for Hiscousln and Michigan on Given Bar.
~f i diiroii, attbo foot
or bake Huron, and billow the shore northerly
clear around and up Saginaw Bay, and intending
baek fttmi the shore Into the country for miles!
win 11ml a country where the horror and saf
fermg.is almost pan belief. The loss of lift, is
ry great. Hfty dead bodies were fonud in the
rear of our town alone. Women and children
saved their lives by rushing into the lake, with
their hair burned off. These people are being
Guyd fur by Detroit and all the eastern imrtiou
of this .State, nobly aided by Toledo. ChvelutuU
and, indeed, all over Ohio. New York, and last,
but not loa t. glorious old New England. Excuse
the contradiction, but she seems to me hot only
the best but the oldest coimtrv in the world, ncr
h.-nw ?«**■;«use f first saw the light them.
If you would now find the held of the western
branch of our State Committee, you will please
place vourself at Grand Haven, at the mouth of
Gmnd I.lyerauil the western terminus of fho Do*
troll it Milwaukee Jtailroad. If you go north
along the coast almut ninety miles, you will find
the Place where .Mauist.-e was. if you go south
from Grand Haven about twenty miles, ami turn
itjhmd ami cross a little lane, you will find the
rums «f Holland. Of the-villagers yon will find
three hundred families. In all perhaps two than
sand t»crsous, who were utterly destitute of food
and shelter, and of clothing, except what they liad
ou their persons when they fled (or their lives, hv
stead of Hading su-cur from the surrounding
country, the country Itself Is devustuted. One
hundred and thirty stripped of build
ups fences, crops, ami their Inhabitants were
driven below the tire to tho village.
But I need not d.•scribe the Ret u vs at Holland
nr Manistee, They simply needed everything
there. But the llbendUy of Urn American maiplcV.
and esjiceuilly of ail the railroads iu carrying free,
and giving preference to cars loaded with sup
pm*s, has enabled the committee to accomplish
more than could have been expected, I inclose a
printed slip that has roam sifggc.stiuns deemed
valuable lor HollamL The people of Manistee
will more readily find employment ip getting mil
lumber. hen once provided with shelter, bed
ding, and the men set to work, we slmil in* ivliev
id to a great extent. The lire extended uevoss
live whole Mate. 1 have tried to point vou to the
shores. U was less severe in the Interior, al
though ther.-art* many cases that do and must
secure, attention.
At Manistee and Holland we have depot*, and
i earnest, faithful men and women working to dis-
I tribute t»i Hie neeesahlesof tlic people, our great
depot is at Grand Haven, from which point we i
readily replenish smaller ones. Wo seek local
coiltrlbutitUis iu laud. food, second-hand clothing. 1
cooking stoves, etc. I hope il.oto of voar bounty
h.j.s reached IVshf/gu or iViaity. Sonioof it isn't t
Holla ml. iu the shape of Hekiug for -draw b,-ds.
or cheap prints ami wadding being made into
warm comfortables; hummei-s,nails, putt)', glass, i
Hour, jiorlr. etc., etc.; a few dollars in a sh.mtv
here and barracks there. When a people tlmfs
the wolf althe door, and is lighting him forlife.it i
euuspirada little money very tin'll. Our opera- i
tltms must continue a long time. We feel us i
though we laid entered on winter's campaign. I
He are very thankful for your people’s llbernlitv. i
Moiiivokoyotir/>yiiiiKitltv:ttt(lnhl in the future' i
I heg leave to say tliat if some of vour wealthy
I uu'U would loan to those Holland tanners some 1
money to aid them In bulhllug, they would com-
blue, business -with charity. Proliabiy prompt i
p-.iymeut of interest could hardly be cxju'ctcd :fa* i
tlrst year, but tKo whole principal and inti r< st i
could Jh* made very wife. Tfiev are the most Indus- i
tr.ous iwoplo I wvr saw. They s ;ttlcd tw.'utj -livo
years ago Iliaif Hat laud, densely covered with i
largi' timber, and with nothing bm their lumds,
ami they converted nine to,vi ships into a garden.
But have already ixten 'e.l tnis letter, I fear i
beyond your patience. Very respectfully,
b >i. a. Howard. i
THE WISCONSIN FIRES.
A Matniuing l'p of the fioi* of lAfr and
Pmpmr,
Jp.l correspondent of t he Mil uankee
who lias travelled through the burned re
gions ia Wisconsin, tiius.suniH up the loss of
life suul property in the country through
which he passed;
“After making a deduction for exagger
ation. I supposed that 500 would cover the
uuniher of dead on the west aide of the buy.
I now learn from reliable sources that the
a«tu:d nmiibor of interments up toMmiduv
night, counted np to 30J. Add another 100
for remains of ashes and charred bones
at IVshtigo. and I think no have not far
from the true number on the west side. Add
15U for the cast aide—waking 7oU in all—ami
the death roll is nearly complete.
“Itmimpossible to liguro the aggregate
losses of pirn* limber and farm property with
any degree of closeness. It i« to the interest
»f mill men to underrate the amount of fallen
u»c tljat must lie secured this winter to save
Amedium estimate of damage to pine
ds in the Green Hay region is st(o,puo.
damage on the Wolf is ppnted at fcaoo,-
The joss of the fifteen sawmills burned
ut at s£y»,ooo. Thu loss ef eordwood.
hemlock hark. Sc., is set m $200,000. The
of fences, buildings, wagons, cattle, crops,
ooug the six hundred farmers can not h.‘
.ess than sooo,ooo—making a total aggregate
of men? than 000,000, aside from those at
"‘-shtiffo.
m,
U ini
riiuennntry through from llrown Countv
north to Big fctnruoon Hay, for 100 smunv
milis, is utterly devastated. At legist four
hundred farms in this tornado sec
tion alone are left desolate—6iripi>ed of
of ♦•very improvement. Fences, bams,
dwellings, implements, furniture, wagons,
harness, and crops, nil went up in a “whirl
wind of lire.” It will take ;tu years, in that
cold, hard soil, for their timber to grow again.
In lac aggregate, then hs»*ea must foot Up to
sl.tWo a family. Fanners here have saved
half of their teams, that were let loose in the
woods, and a third of their slock. Rut they
haw no hay. .straw, grain, or feed of any sort
—hot even the poor ihanei* of browse in the
woods. Nearly all, with large families. have
lost their lost eow «ml pig. In u ride of .six
miles, on nearly a straight line. I saw but
three hens, and a fanning mill—the indy farm
implement left in the town. In the Belgian
scllb pient, op Real River, 02 families wen*
burned out m u row I p bouse, not a
slmml, not coop—not mm fence rail left upon
aunt Her. The families bad tied, almost nuked,
and breathless, to the few cabins on the ont
skirts Umt were saved.
“There are DW, or more, wounded sufferers
remaining in hotels, boarding houses, and
hospitals about the Bay. Fifty of the iVsb
tigo sufferers were at the Dunlap House. Mar
inette, Half of them were able t« bo atumt.
Burned ears, faces. hands and feet were coin
man lb nearly gU, iJjjnv in rooms could
hardly stir in bed; Thete'wi.’ie women wjfb
great burns \>tv the sideband Uipbs, tyith faces
like kettles, and Immls likP flaws, burned to
fhe hones, .Men could light'rbeticr, and dure
mare than women. Mo4“bflhcm perished
by suffocation, Little chilaTun are sadly
maimed in their tee?. ytid-fiuHrs. I saw one
with a heel gone, and another wit}; an eye.
Nearly all will recover without loss of Mfelit
or limb. I could till a book with stories of
the hospital. Most of tljein suffer move from
hurts »»f mind than body. 1 hwVi- a *id mem
ory of a J>oor widow who lost her crip
pled boy who went oil crutches, and a
sprightly little oiri vl»o feU between the
burning logs. Thev wen* alt oOier ruiuijy.
‘The. screfltgs of bntli, she said, ‘Seemed
forever sounding in Ijcr ears/ There is a
future, am}, no doubt, for all
these suffering «m*A
4 Most of these cabins that arc left arc
crowded with fwo mid thr**; 4 families each.
1 saw one with four men. Uvo women, npd
sixteen children—two of them suckers, They
bail just received an pntfft of clothing—warm.
sWiinfi?. knit hoods, thin shawls, thin gait
ers, ami light cdoitv) drears for the women
and gills: odd-fashioned Jw*, burned
boots, thin jackets, and summer coats
ami pants for tho men mid boys.
There werp seme occasions of laughter, but
none of ridicuU: itU Were fflml aud surpnsed
A getting what they Unl„l sgw A»u}uimedutt<*
want of itrovisiniuu Hour, park, and luml
wivilistribnlcd to all, iwckajr™ often
and coffee to most. There arc nearly I'otatoca
enough in the country, if distributed. Their
stock that is left has been driven ott' to
meadows and iields not burned over. One
large hearted.old fanner was keeping eighty
odU cattle belonging to his unfortunate neigh
bors. Uhoutstonping to consider the ways
ot Providence, or the uses of philosophy, these
anupic minded jvcople seem to have understood
the art of helping one another.
GARVEY ABROAD.
Important Letter from Ouo who Croitcd
the Ocean with Him.
from tho New York Time*, Nor. 4
fuo following letter reached the Times
row Bremen, by tho mtest mail. It
wm be seen that the writer was a companion
of the groat plasterer on his voyage to Europe,
i i. h or y is ■fall of lutciest, and corroborates
all that we have said of the flight:
i To the Editor of Ou Sew York Time*.*
American newspapers are quite rare in Get
i many, and It was by mere accident that I enjoyed
1 the. good fortune to capture a number ofyoar
.paper of tin?aoth ult. Your remarks with refer--
‘I III l lt> the rumored escapade of a member of the
Tammany Bing fleeing to Europe from tho wrath
to como. at once chalk nged my i articular attea
llQii. If the New York police had searoheda little
mum diligently, tho anxious public of your city,
i would nut Imve' beta UUt fu doubt us to the
Identity of the fugitive. It required no ex
i traordluary detective skill to And him. lie came
j on board the steamer llermauu at midnight be
i fore the day of sailing, the 22d ult., and I enjoyed
j the oxquiMtehouorul travelling in his company all
I the way to Europe. Sandy Hook was hardly out
of sight when I became convinced that a furtive
from Justice was my fellow-traveller, and. after
i gathering all the points and drawing my eomTu-
I sions from the whole muss of accumulative avl
-1 deuce, I have no doubt whatever that the fugitive
was none other than “Andrew J. Garvey.' r My
experiences la this direction are quite lute rusting,
and a brief recital of tho same may possibly prove
acceptable to your readers. Honest men will re
joice that Garvey had to carry a tortured con
science and “pale-faced“ terror along with his
plunder, and his associates iu crime will curse the
I hour wlieu they trusted this coward with their
'secrets, and rewarded him with a sharu of the
[spoil*.
The pilot had left the steamer, and wc were
i fairly out at sea before I was aware that Garvey
i 'rife were on hoard. While friends vrero bia
l ding farewell to each other at tho steamer’s dock,
while the boat glided slowly into the river, amid
the cheers, and greetings, and tears of honest
men, the criminal and his better half Het ns Lone;,
were locked In their state-room. Off Sandy Hook i
he canto on deck mid Introduced himself as a Mr.
I McDonnell, of New York, I had not conversed
with him nvo minutes, oud had looked upon the
gorgi-oua diamonds ot namentlng his wife’s hands j
but once. when 1 put him down as tho worst typo
'or>en* York ahoddt. From this to the Tammany
lung was of course but a step, and tho thought at’
om-e flashed upon mo that Mr. McDonnell wu»
sailing under false colors for a coolercUmatc than
i.ioar latest tutorials had predicted iu the
eily of New York. My suspicions
were soon confirmed. He Informed me
that Iu the hurry of embarking he had forgotten
his passport, aim inquired whether he could trav
-lel without it on the Continent. Ho was quite In
dignant at uiv censure of Tweed A- Co., and
claimed that all elm rites, without exception, were
I unfounded, and tluit the public excitement would
i soou blow over”—tins very words of tho Doss.
Though ho intended to travel incognito, he was
too stupid to keep up tho deception. Like all
partenuea, ho boasted of his wealth, told me that
ids establishments lu city and country cost him
£uo.coo jkt annum, and Ui the same breath In
termed me lluvl he commenced Uls career iu New
York as Captain of iv tire company; thus Indi
rectly admitting that he wmuasea his wealth by
urtlttclul means,” for, aside from his herculean
physique, he is too small u uiitu tu every particu
-1 lar to nave earned his millions honestly. To n»y
1 mind, as he stood licforc mo. over nix ‘feet in m*
cuoimous boots, 2to ]muiu)s avoirdupois, with
Mtorf eropjxtl hair and colored mustache, ho was
the veiy man to pull an engine single-handed, and
lead the Tammany repeaters to the polls. It was,
hardly m-vexsiry that Ids wife should speak in
glowiiix terms of their country-seat at Belle Isle,
or should inform my family that her husband had
presented her with a set of diamonds of tho value
of S:a,uw. or that shushould exhibit to me a gold
dollar with the Lord's Prayer engraved upon It.
which siie said friend Tweed had presented to
her. My suspicions were continued by other
fact* galued accidentally, and more conclusive.
I thought It strange that Mr. •McDonnell
should carry hi* wife’s picture lu a
locket attached to his watch-chain, with
the Initials “A. G.” in raised work
1 iq »on the locket. Mr. McDonnell, us a matt of
wealth, saw himself compelled—though it must I
■have been a sore trial to his patience—to exhibit a j
taste for literature. 1 found him one morning lu I
the cabin reading “Lit tie Dorrltt.” He left the 1
bis k upon the table, and In carelessly turning the
Hi st leaf I found a cornvr of th« title page torn
off. the very place where the name should be writ
ten, but hi looking somewhat closer I deciphered
uj«m dark-colored fly-leaf, distinguishable only
when the light fell full upon It, written in pencil
in a lady's hand, the name. Drill? Garvey.”
That my fellow-traveller was'a Mr. Garvev, and
not named McDonnell. 1 knew, of course, when
saw book mid hH*ket, but who Mr. Garvey was X
culv learned from your leader of the 20th ult.,
and after X had parted company with him at
Djvjijeji, as a Chicagoan. I was only familiar
with the, names of the head centres of Tauuuauv.
i I tut if none of the facts recited luul presented
themselves. if I liad never exchanged a Word
with the runaway swindler, I should have known
from the abject, childish fear which lie dispho’ed
during the voyage that I was in company of a
e.mselenei'-stnekeu criminal. It was pitiful to
bmk upon hi* ghastly countenance during heavy
weather; he would ask a hundred questions in a
mhmtc about the safely of the ship, and like a
frightened hoy whistling in the woods, while he
fairly trembled with terror he would deseaut
1 upon the excellent sailing eajmelties of the jjrr
mimii, praise her offleers to the skies, ami while
lie was white iu the fact* like a raw recruit with u
battery iu front and a bayonet la-hind, he would
say with a sickly smile, Who's afraid 1" His
'terrible fear fairly unnerved him; he evidently
was not ready yet to go to Ids fathers; the heavy
bags of imbhc money weighed down his spirit,
Though Im can pull a machine single-handed, u
slight lurch of the ship broke his hold and threw
him against a Ik-ucli. wounding him precisely in
the same spot where Wilkes Booth was injured
when he escaped from the theatre of hi* crime,
ami like Booth, he. too, may 1m prevented by this
wry wound to go beyond the reach of justice.
At Southampton neither himself nor his wife
wei o seen upon deck. As I afterward Icarm-d. ho
wasiumortul fear of an arrest by telegraph. When
wc weighed anchor and steamed again Info the
t junmel. there was uo cud to hh» questions about
the name and business of every passenger who
came ou board at Southampton. The badge of
Hie German pilot who joined ns at that
port, almost seared him out of his wit*. But at
Bremerhaven lie laid bare his guilty conscience
iu the most absurd and ridiculous manner. While
the steward was assisting him to laud, tho pay
master of another steamer Mepi»cd ou board. The
brass buttons and blue elotli were a terrible sight
for the pseudo MeDur.uell. He thought his hour
had coiiie. and. like a true, son of Tammany, he, us
a last resort, attempted to save himself by bribing
tbe oflb-er of justice. Quick an thought he handed
the pavmuster a handful of sovereigns. Tlie lat
ter. surprised and indignant, throw tlie money ut
his feet, and left him to gather tlie shining pieces
out of the mud. amid the wonder and derisive
laughter of the bystander-. In Bremen he
stojqs-d at an obscure thlrd-rato hotel, luul
Ids woudd dressed iu great huote, and
started the same evening for Band, after
cautioning the steward not to inform no* of Ids
destination. And here cuds uiy story. I have
written it out tor you ns u mutter of duty, for al
though I am not directly interested In New York
uflairs, residing, us I do. m Chicago, where t*oUtl
elans of all event- am strictly honest. I fully ap
preciate the iiuiHU-tam-vof the problem which is
just now tieing solved in your city, whetlict Dem
ocrat)'’ institutions furnish u romedy for the vices
arising from tin- sjMeu,. J .dm’ijvJy hidle’.o they
do, if every Imnest eltl/en will fearlessly ussUt lu
pio-ecuting the corruptionists.
13ui:mi:s. Tuesday, Oct. in. tB7l.
THE NORTH POLE.
Dr. l*ctermnnn’» Account of the German
Expedition.
WuslihiKtou, cNoreiuber 2) Correspononee of tbo New
York Xlrnß
JJcJotv idtlmfull U‘fl< of Dr, Potoriimim’s
circular announcing tho great discovery of
Lieutenants Fnivr and Wvprecht in the
high North. It will he seen that it corrobor
ated the old American discoveries of Dr.
Kano ami the splendid theory of Captain
Silas Bent, propounded iu tlus country three
years ago;
<»onu. Oct. net.
You will recollect that the tlrsi iiuivtus to the
present jHilar explomtinns wixs gtvett by the pro
po.-ilitin ot Captain Osborn. U. N..scvcu years ago.
lor a Itritbli cxik'ilUlou for expluriug the Central
Areilo iveion.to pixHHMd by way of Baffin's Bav
and .'*mith 4 s Smml. which was most earnestly ml*
Vocali'J hr Ifi.- seagoing nud HriCuiific idUliurilies
of Ureal ItrilaiiMuiil waslua fair way of being en*
t< rtidm*dtiytheitr(tlsh (tovemmenf; hut when I
placed my views uud projects •berorc the latter,
vecmmixnidlug the wji !>etweon East Grvcuhuul
and Nova Zcmida a- the basis of Arctic cxpeili
tloiis, ('a\ttaiu Osborn's project was, after nn ox
lumsliug discussion in four sittiqgs i-f the Royal
Society of Umdon. rejected, and fo my vicw lhe
fullest approbation accorded." Nothing,
Iws since lH*etl done by the English, while Ger
many. through the genenpus contributions of her
clilzeip, wnt mio tb»se ileldu |v,o uatlugul expo
dlllmis t*aptaln Koldewv.v.nutl. lu addition,
oxteii-lvo explorations wnv wade m the dlrvcttou
Indicated by i)r. Uotvt uud Hr. Bessels, tu Rosen
thal's vessel, and subseipieutly by Count Zell uud
Von Ueugbtln «t their own and verv lm
)M>rbmt trsolts rvne!h*d,tlirmjgh which Norwegian
rtshenuen were aide to clear, some of them. f»?
per rent over their pecuniary investment,
and. moreover, to odd the uu>st valuable M.*lewtltie
ol»*.r\ .moiws and snrvovs to our fund
of SufoYmalion. Captain Koblewej- lui.> since e\-
prev-ed himself, in rcg.nSl to North Polar vxjicdl
tlops, entirely of iho upiuiinj itf Captain Oslnirn,
deeming .Smith’* Sound tho Iroute, hut Ido
not iM lievo that he will ohtain the iiiuncv for a
Uennan expedition on nn English plan which baa
Ixvn rejei'titl by the British nnthorlties themselves 1
smd for which he. imnvover. believes two steamers,
luted out'hnd Hnvmtsi »ur ni Vt»rv,'wol
t»e indispensable. Alrvmly. during tbc Mvoml
North tiernu a ox|ie<lJttoo. the most unpleasant
♦fftb'rvuees had anvn Itetween myself and CjiJv
tain Ktimvikn*. ;Uryni*h eonlDefimr vlcwa. mid
these dltb*rv-nces are now greater than over, ns he
has adopted Hie opposite ot what 1 advocated,
having cone over to Osborn and expressed him
self jiuiiUcly m regard to lUa cailcru halt of tUu
AreileScaus followi*:
V The attempt to penetrate in iv vowel between
Nova Zetnbla mal SpitzVrgvn I uu uu
dcitnkli.u which iiuwt eml in »total failure. and I
M ould take part liV sßch im espeultiuuonly !u case
Dr. ivtcrru.m wmlUl accompany it lu pcrsonlf
In ii«aijss for this opinion he does not give,hat U
(Mt>nis I’ii.iiuiu kt.j.p.uj.y jlpco out >hlok U i;ws
wiry to gf\o rciu«u*s for his views and ussevuouss
flow Jlttlc raptahi KohJcw»y 4 s«j*mU*iu»urf4.lumsl
by other equally competent. experienced, and
M’lctitiile men is shown by Uu* fact that, hmuedl*
:itc*y after the publication of these opinions in
Mar,im exircuiilou iefi in Jiu.e fur ibe ijXpbjca-
Uuu of lUu very s',:a which C,ipp»m KolduVey
would choose tu vicit mjiy'm hi}’ comiKiuy. and
that tiiri own associate In the previous expedition,
tlio distinguished First Lieutenant
juUos Payor, of the Austrian army,
and that excellent naval oltSccr.
lieutenant Wyprccht, undertook it. Compared
CHICAGO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1871.
with Koldcwey’s last expedition it would
have been «i\jusi lodeuy to tho routaßß awl the
hciontilic ferror of them ymntieaca tie very
lilghot appreciatiou, if even they luwj been
successful. They wont with very poor mean*
-in u small, hired >«»rwt-plan.sailing vessel-while
Kofdeway hud been provided with two of the
fluent vessels, fitte<| oat luxuriously. He man
aged to penetrate, during two summer*. only to ir>
decrees 31 mluutcs north, u third of u deem?
higher than Clavering forty-seven years eea «ud i
In sleighs only to 77 degrees 1 minute north; while
Lieutenants foyer and Wyprccbt sailed la u samll
vessclthrough that much dreaded eeatoTSdecm*.
north.
Tho telegram of Octobers, announcing the re
turn of Payer and Wvptecht from the high Vorth
to Tromsoc reads verbally us follows: b
“fn September, open sea, followed from, fortw
two degrees to sixty decrees east of Greenwich
beyond seventy-eight degrees north latitude*
Highest latitude reached was seventy-nine de
grees north, on the meridian of forty-throe de
grees east. There found favorable state of Jco to
ward the north, probable connection with the
Polynia.to ward the east, probably the most
favorable route to tho North Pole.” v 1
The Inst part of tho telegram Is not entirely
clear, but Iha to reason to conclude from It that
King Curl’n hand, discovered last year by Count
Zetland Von Hougblln, reaches southward t,\
degree twelve minutes north
The latter gentlemcnharo received acknowledge*
meats of the highest value for their
and lal>or* iu Eastern Snltzbergen from the Koval
Geographical Society or Loudon and Its late Pn>u
Ideal Blr Boderick I. HurcUison.
The cruise and the discovery of Payer ami Wv
preeht prow how little weight can bcplaced upon
the views and assertions of CaptainKoldewev ind
also how much appreciation the undcrtatlu’ir or
thewexplorcrs. tfidr courage and their genuine
scientific nrdor, in tho face of *nch errors rie
servt*. The discovery Is the more remarkable as
ail other tidings from the European Arctic lluls
far expressly state extraordinarily unfavorable
conditions of weather and Ice. It must be as
sumed that Payor and Wyprecht i.rolmbly haw
penetrated through holt of drift Ice before they
roached nn open sea of eighteen degrees longitude
in »‘Afom f and that they thus for the find rime
broke through the Amlo Usr belt, ►•huilarly a*
Weddell and Bosk rrixatedly broke. IhrwaUtbe
Antarctic.
On xuy chart of Uio Gulf Stream, pokllfibed in
1870, I drew, after Dr. Bessel's observations in
Bosentlial’s steamer Albert, 1680, the Gulf Stream
a* far north ns seventy-five degrees and seventy
six minutes, showing there stuln temperature of
four degrees Jtcumnr, torty-tour Fahrenheit
which is a higher temperature thou tho GuU
Stream has ever been round to oxhihlt on the
‘surface in the same latitude. The name Gulf
Stream and the arrow ou tho chart point directly
to tlie yiot, latitude 70 uurth, longitude 43 east
which Lieutenant Wypreeht, a gentleman enuai
ly cautious «ud thorough In h Is profession, now
announces hs that ef the most favorable ire rela
tions for the probable connection with the open
Polar Sea toward the east ami for the most
imu-tlcablo and favorable route to the Xorth
role. I have received also other highly interest
ing accounts id other JtorUi Polar expeditions «t
this year, with valuable reports uud u complete
Journal, from which I will publish abstracts, with
u very interesting original chart, in the next
number ot tho “GeognipblschoMitlheJlmigen,''
A. I'tTnrtJi.txy.
THE ARIZONA INDIANS.
Pretest Again»l the Quaker Policy.
Washington (,Vor. 3) Jhtrpnteh to tho >*ow York
Herald.
Tho War Department has received an ad
vance copy of the petition now circulating
for general signature iu Arizona aud portions
of California, asking tho President whether
he further intends to permit Vincent Colyer,
as the agent of the Peace Commissioners, to
interfere m tho management of tho wild In
dians iu the Territory, who refuse to live cm
reservations, or whether thev are to he left
to the control of General Crook. The
petition sets forth, iu expressive
words, the disheartened condition of the
citizens of the Territory, ami the intention of
many to abandon their liomes and property,
iu despair of betteirthiugs, when the Appoint
ment of General Crook, with full power to
deal with the savage Apaches at his discre
tion, gave them hone, and they resolved to
wait a little lunger for the peace and security
they have never yet possessed. The plans of
General Crook are commended iu tho petition
for thmr vigor, moderation aud success, and
their breaking up by tho philanthropists de
plored. The petithmersaver that, while they
had no confidence iu Colyer and his plans,
they gave him aud them all possible
assistance but the manner in which the
Indians have laughed at tho Commissioner
and continued to murder, outrage and pil
lage tho settlers aud travellers, as though ho
did not hear tho commands of tho gov
ernment at Washington to make peace, is
convincing proof that Crook, tho man of
action, and not Colyer, the man of words, is
tho proper agent to negotiate vitb the
Apaches. Tho signers refer to the past his
tory of tho Territory, aud tho prospects of
(loath and outrage for those left alive as
their jUHlilieutum for this direct appeal to
the President, and through him to the
American people for protection, ami
cuncludp with u statement of mur
ders and outrages committed by tho Apaches
since 1804 that is truly apalling. Names,
dates ami places are given through four solid
columns of printed matter, and evidence ad
duced that they are far from reaching the
whole number of casualties. It is certain
that Arizona is giving and will continue to
give a great deal of eoncem to tho adminis
tration. Crook was doing reasonably well
when the Congressional Board of Charities
and Correction stepped in ami upset him;
and though those brandies of the govern
ment concerned in the management of the
Indians have little, if any faith iu the hoard,
except an an auditing committee ou tho ac
counts of speculative burnt officials, they are
afraid to interpose such authority as Con
gress has loft to them between tho Commis
sioners and the muddle thov* are making bv
their propensity to meddle with every phase
of the Indian question. An Arizoualottcr re
ceived hero to-day.complains that an appeal
to tho velvet-cushioned religions sentiment
of the country always curries tho dav for
theseheneyoleuf Mr. Eusya against the set
tlers and m favor of Feummore Cooper's
.herpes, the only specimens of Lo known
m Philadelphia. The Territory itself is as
unfortunate as its inhabitants. With i»
climate conducive to perpetual lifts there is
but little to make such a fate desirable.
Abounding m mineral wealth, the scarcity of
water hiterfeivs cficctualh* against all min
ing operations, and though tho General Gov
ernment spends immense sums yearly to keep 1
alargoiijilltan* force to protect tho miners
and agriculturists in their efibrts to de-
vcjop the country, the latter an*
obliged to admit that their means of
support, ns well ns safety, depends upon
the continual presence of tho troops. But for 1
the necessity of keeping open tin* only route 1
for (ho iHtpnlpns ami thriving Territory of i
New Mexico it would be cheaper for tho 1
government to abandon Arizona, move its
population to some happier locality, and nnj»- i
port (hem (ill they could support themselves. J
1 ho death of Sylvester Mown*, in London,
deprives Arizona, at the crisis of its history, l
of the man who has done more than all others 1
for its fortunes since the day he entered.it ns 5
a Brevet Second Lieutenant, fresh from West 1
I'omt.
A DESPERATE CHICAGO REFUGEE.
lie Attack** a Farmer and Gets Kitted*
Knwn the Umn (Ohlo> Unzi '*c.
Tlio fire in Chicago has lyeynn in make U
felt in tjje rural tlisirtets. Additions mv
daily made to the pojuilaliun of the country
towns.. These additions consist generally of
meu with .scarred faces ami sinister looks,
who an* looking ground for some opening in
the way of business and trade.
On last Saturday, October :IS, out* of these
cnlVrprising unfurtuiuvlcH visited some of our
fanners in Amanda, German, and Morion
Townships, in this comity. He was in Mu*
horse trade. Wherever he wont ho wanted to
buy horses. All day Saturday was consumed
in fruitless attempts to hulsc*. Kight
found him iu Marum Township, about time
mites west of Hilda.
Between 7 ami b o’clock in the evening he
entered the house of Andrew Stover. Stover
is about 00 years old. a bachelor. aiu\ has live
reputation of owning considerable of this
world goods. HeUvcsabuiQ iu a email log
uthe owner of the farm on which the
bouse is situated, and has resided here for
twenty years past. He has the reputation of
being a ]>caceable. quiet, inojVousive man.
After entering the house of Slevcr. our horse
buyer from the burnt district introduced the
subject of huT*»>.and proposed to buy one
from Stever. Stevcr had none to sell. Ho
then inquired lor matehc*, and requested
Stever to furnish him with some. This Me
ver proceeded tJ do. The matches had
scarcely passed from his hand before Iho
stringer drew from his pwket a revolver,
and, presenting it at Stover, asked him
“if bo saw that f n Stevcr replied that he did,
but that “this was no place for it.” Stevcr
m the moan time had observed that the fea
tures of his visitor were disguised by daub
ing wind in his mustache and whiskers,
which were of nut more than a week’s growth.
Stever, therefore, by way of precaution (and
wlpch piDcg’ition had also probaldy K*en
qmckenptT by fho sight of the revolver)
opened tlio blade of a pocket-knife, and kept
it iu his haud—bis hand in his pocket.
A motion ou the part uf the stranger to
present his revolver was the signal on which
Mover actetL. Grasping the hand that held
the pistol with his left hand, he told the man
he must leave fl*e hausu. A terrible struggle
ensued. 'Tables were’ tunnel qver and un»-
ken, and everything movable in the house
was displaced. Stevcr kept his hold upon
the pistol arm, wla|p tl(e stranger strove
to beat hint over tlio head with the pistol
as seyeruly-’as' was possible under the
duatlt grip of Stevcr. Idle this was going
forworn Stever continued with Ida right
hand to ply the knife. This ho continued to
do, although he was under* so good pur-
Jiose Vo u>>e UUowq language.lie-made
imi •■grunt.” Hl»h«l«TuiHin Mererrelaxed,
when "Stever raised fnnu tlw tU*or, the
4r»lJ}ger rHng with him., On m*niug to
tpeir feel tup stranger reeled and fell m the
iHuiol of tho door, when Stever jumped over
him and ran to a ncigbbor—a Mr. Carr. With
Mr. Carr he returned t«' Jljp houco* wln»rv
they
fie gave one or two gasps after they
gut t«l the nauso ami was
dead, Tito Coroner’s inquest ou
Sunday developed the following facts; Be*
tons entering the house he visited the stable
and procured a bridle. This, with his hat,
overcoat, ttpd shawl, he left near a stack of
straw. On his person, was found six watches,
two revolvers, ope single barrelled pistol, and
f&2AO m money. Hia arms were tattooed with
India ink. lie waa apparently about -15
years old, with as forbidding features as ouu
seldom sees.- There was nothing ou hia per
son to mark who ho was or whence h© came.
Tho Coroner’s jury examined Stcver, and tho
Ikmlj* of the unknown was disposed of by tho
Coroner.
A SCIENTIFIC HEPOST ON SPIEITTJ
AXIBM.
IfceX«n4«a J>i«t«cUcal fiMicirh Investi
gation—What was Found—Mr. ,Hene
Able to Exbibit Hlr Fawna-Haxlry
on Spiritualism os nn Antidote, to Hni
cidc*
thermion DaUrJSeir*.
the 96th of January, is®, the London
Society appointed a committee
to investigate the phenomenon alleged to
spiritual manifestations and report
thereon, ihe committee originally con*
mated of twenty-eight members of the
society, out two of these gentlemen declined
to sit, and subsequently eight other, gentle
men were invited and agreed to join. This
n«Hly of thirty-four, being obviously too
large to conducr inquiries by personal ex
periment, was split up Into six sub-eoromit
fees, and these were requested to such
investigations as w«re possible and send in
their report. This has accordingly Wen
done, and wo have here their evidence, along
with a mass of correspondence and otiier
communications, all bearing ou the subject?.in
i baud, rue wholo forma one of the most cv-
nous volumes which have been published for
many s dav. aud furnishes matter for ilfo
[meat interesting studj% quite apart from the,
maw topic of spiritualism. Wo shall, how
ever, ini rely summarize in a very brief fash
-,}s?■ the reports of the six sab-committoes. I
I rue hnt ot these bodies went to work in n
most thorough aud business-like monitor, and
I managed to hold uo fewer than forty meet-!
,D of these some of the bo- I
Ca *md spiritualistic phenomena were ob
served; and the witnesses report that they
i Sf\°.Sl«f5 l SP rauy £?<l bt al»ont tho existence I
of n certain force which, under certain bodily
or mental conditions of one or more persons
present, is sufficient to set in motion heavy 1
substances, without contact between such
substances and the body of any one of those
persons. Further; they behove that this
SW° to proceed, dia
oudiblo to all present, 3rom
solid substances not in contact witlt nor
haying any visible or material connection
with tho. body of any person present, and
winch sounds arc proved to proceed from
such substances by tho vibrations which: are
dndiucrly felt when they are touch
1* innlly.they hold that this force is frequent
ly directed by intelligence. These conedu
sionsare cautiously worded, and scarcely
touch upon the topic of communication with
spirits, which Is abundantly handled iu tho
minutes of the proceeding)* of this same sub
committee, published in the appendix. Sub
committee ao. 2, however, is Jess vague in
its reports, Were wohavo detailed accounts
of ull manner of manifestations, which were
presumably” spiritualistic. By the simple
process of rapping, messages were brought to
persons present from departed friends, iin nor-'
taut revelations inado about property, and so,
forth, i«o deputies are of the opinion that
they presumably established occasional
communication with a number of spirits, or 1
intelligences, announced to bo such by
themselves, many of. whom stated they
i were connected in various degrees
of relutiouslup to certain members
of our party for whom they professed a
friendly regard;" ami “tlsakguch presumed
spirits each
having ai manner peculiar to itself, ami rap
(plug delicately, emphut ically, or deliberately,
as the case might be, expressing as it were
I character, mood, and temper." Sub-commit
tee >o. 3 met six times, and the witnesses
seem to have been cluetiy occupied in watch
ing and testing the tilting of tables. Never
thelesa, they haa a few messages rapped out,
and thus they _report that, “besides the
1 evidence tins afforded of tho presence of this
not generally recognized force, we believo we
have had in these experiments, evidence of
nn intelligence directing it—ns in movingby
l request in a particular direction—tilting a
cerium number of times as required—ami hv
lilts spoiling out words or sentences
addressed to those present.” Sub-committee
No. 4 remarks, in a rather contemptuous
taslnpn, Uiat nothing occurred in presence
of this suu-cQimmttce. worth recording.”
HOMK Cut’Ll) DO XOTJUXO.
.'Snb-comuuttco No. 5 scorns to have been
the most innmrtant of these bodies, and
forthwith addressed itself to tluj (aoklinc of
MT._Honie. Tho first seance waa held in
April, 18w. In addition to tho members of
the committee, there wore present tiro or
three persons interested in the matter, among
tueui two noblemen whose names hare been
much mixed up in tho reports of “communi
cations. On tliis occasion the manifesta
tions were trifling. A weak afterward
another seance was held. There were, as bc
fV.rLV.te*\rap% ami tho table inoifd
jhKhtly; hut nothing further. A week later
Mr. Home again met the committee, with no
result, ihe fourth seance, which produced
only the same tritling phenomena, was tho
last; for Mr, Home became umrell, and the
investigation was not resumed, Tho report
states: Mr. Home
afiorded every facility fur uxamination, and
unjH'sired to he anxious to further the object
which tho committee had in view. It is
almost unnecessary to add that nothing oc
curred at any of (he meetings which could
ho attributed to siipeniafcira) causes.
Uio members had fully expected that they
would have witnessed some of the extraor
dinary levitations of Mr. Home, but ho ox
duuiedat the opening of the inquiiy that
the phonoiuena produced through his
agency were of uncertain manifestation,
and that ho had no power whatever to pro
duce them at will.” Tho last of the sub
committees, No. 6,lms to report that nothing
occurred, except when a lady visitor once
brought two children with her, aud these
being placed at. n small chess table, pro
ceeded to rock it to and fro, “to their own
intense delight, and to tho amusement of the
company. At no other meetings was there
OVCI J» Hl® Protcnco of any spiritual phmmm
>pw, let us turn to (lie impression
wfimfi alt this evidence and tho examination
of a largo number of witnesses produced iu
tho general committeo, Thev, too, have fur
nished u report of tho conclusions at which
they have arrived, which would, perhaiw,
be of more value hail the names of tho con
sentient gentlemen been added. The fol
lowing are tho propositions:
T. Tlmt sound* of n very varied character, an-
Mtvutly procrediQs from ntilclca of furniture.
Hie flour anil walls of tlio room—tfie vibniUuns
uccuiupniremg which sounds are often distinctly
¥*rcypilble to the touch—occur, without being
*ru.ln(v<l hy mmcular action or mechanical ceu
nvan«*e.
T!:at movements of heavy IkhlJch take place
ivrnuuui mechanical contrivance of any kind or
;ul‘MUato exertion of muscular force by the »er.
mnspresent, mid frequently without contactor
emnwrtnm with any person.
these sounds aUiimovcmentH often occur
at the times ui\d tu the manner asked forbv iht
►««s present, and, by means of a simple code of
algimls, answer communications and spell out
coherent communication*.
4. That the answers and communications thus
obtained uro, for the most part, of a common
pirns* elmniejer; but facts arc sometimes cor
rectly given which are only known to oneol the
persons present.
r>. That the elrcmuatancen under which the
phenomena occur are variable, the most promin
ent fact being that Iho presence of ccnaln persons
seciu* uceessarj' to their occurrcnco. and that of
others ginerally adverse; but this dlffewm-e do*s
nut appear to ifctioDil up<m any belief or disbelief
concerning tbc i»lienoiiien».
c. .That, ncvcriheleas, tho occurence of tbephen
omenn Is got insured by the presence or absence
of b«ch iKTaous resiHf lively.
A HAND in it.
Hut immediately after the report of the
suWmumttU’c* comes remarkable state
ment from the Chairman of the General Com
mittee, who U lis us not onlv that his eves
nave Ihhmi a little opened by some of the
n.nnifuslatious nliicb it lias been his duty to
witness.'’ Imt that he feels lionnd. both ou
ins own partaud on account of other dissen
tients,. to record the conviction that “the
framing of Uio report, and the selection, pnb
liaitipu. and m’iewing of the evidence has
practically drifted into the hands of devoted
and zealous Spiritualists, who arc led by
skilled ami successful writers.” This is a
serious charge to make; but, ou the other
hand, wo find an editorial note assert
ing that of the five acting
members of the editing sub-coin
mutecs, i»uly one is n Spiritualist, wberenpon
tue L uairmon of committee replica that he
designates as a sptntuuUst any one who be
lieve* m the gvmunenessof m«Uum» r uudof
the phenomena which they produce. All
that ue nctsl say on this matter is that the
.-iib-editing conmuttcc” whether they arc
iKUievore oruulK*lieyers,baveuot endeavored
to suppress certain letters from eminent men.
winch tfpeak very frankly. We have Mr. G,
'Writing that “iu my experience,
ami it baa been large.- the means fot produc
ing the jiii-called .Spiritualistic phenomena)
J s V n i v fn *h; either deliberate
imposture, aided by the anconscioas as
sistance of spectators, or the well-known ef
fects of expectant attention n while Prof.
Huxieji t*euds thefutiowing answer to au in
vitation
c u: i ttnaWe to accept the In
vitation of the Council of Urn Dialectical Society
to with a ejimmltico. for ttoluvMtijS
‘"uS'“BV,^'' t '-r 004t0 1 tvo WMoaJrTta
t“6 first niBCC. I hfIVC bo tjiTMt for rdcli itn In.
qoJr>% trweb would inrolre mu-h trouiiWnd
(unless it ere unlike all inquiries of tSit kind 1
nave known) much annoyance. In the second
phicc, I take no interest In the sutyect. The only
case of 1 have had tS) opportunity
of examining into fof mjself was us ktoasanin?.
pri .smss. Se7 lv T^S£
ter thing, to do And. Ittfie foffi tS rofitSl
aSSraS^JSfSkI
demom tratisn Jof th e trutam- 1?
*4} addltiunaJ aadflJt tUli
cldfc\ Better uvcu crusalng-awccpcr die and
be made to bilk twaddle by n medium” hin dat
a guinea seance. I am, sir. ic,
Jan. 20, it*33,
WHAT DO THE NATIONS OWE P
Letter Tram J4ecrciary Btultrcll,
From the Kew York Evening Post,
lu answer to onr remarks of ‘last Tuesday
open the amount of tho national debts of Eu
rope ana America, we have received the fol
lowing letter from the Secretary of theTreas-
TUK.ISCBV DKPABTMEST, f
0r TUESBCKETAUr. 2fOV. 1971. i
Tome kditorg uf theJ'ost
“In your paper of the ait* ultimo you state that,
m a lecture recently delivered by me in Xew
\ork and Boston, I gave the uggreuto national
debts of£uroi>o and tho United states at Fkj.oo).-
000,000.
The statement made by me included the debts
of all the nations of the globe, whoso financial con
dition is known.
Baxter. In his work on National Debt?.* at
{•age 07. gives the amount ns three thousand nine
luudred and eleven million immids sterling. His
tables were prepared for iwj and ls7o, and do not
include too adnuuuiK t« tho debt of Frame,caused
bytJio recent war. I estimate tho increase ot the
debt of France at live hundred icUlloi pound.'*
sterling.
This gives a total of national Indebtedness ot
about twentv-iwu thousand millions of dollars,
without including the increase of the national
debts ot other countries. GKo. IJouTWjieL.*’
The lutcit pificiol reports we have front
most of the nations of Knfopo'are not of later
date t fit iIN 8 some of them are of 1807— ami
front them the estimate was made up. But
Jt. w probable that Mr. Baxter, iu preparing
his book had uo more recent authorities.
£ow the debts of Austria. Belgium. Denmark,
franco. Prussia, Hamburg, Bavaria. Baden,
Great Britain, Greece, Italy. theNotheria ids
I Portugal. Russia. Spain, Sweden, ami Xur
Key, together, amounted, in 1807 and l»>s. as
nearly as possible, to St3,3si».OOU,OOU; so that
his estimate, adopted by Mr. Boutwell, was
far out of the way.
Bat there has been a largo increase iu the
debts of a feu* of them since that time. .For
instance, Spain, iu January, xßt>7, reported her
public debt at almost exuctlv SUWO,uotMXX);
probably a false report, aiuco the otficial re
turn of it on March 31.1870, was $3,<339,851,7b3.
Tho debt of fiussia, reported iu 1803 at
$1,300,000,000, had already become $1,700,000'
000 iu 1800, and Isjirobablv* $3,000,000,000 now.
The debt of Italy, understood to be $1,350,000,'
«X> five years ago, was so swollen in the in*
terval by deficits and bad'credit that last
year tho budget called for 407,814,813 francs
for interest upon it; which wooid indicate u
principal of about $1.850,000.000.
As for the debt of France, it is impossible
to ascertain tho amount with exactness. In
October. 1870, the adjusted or funded debt
was said to be 13,033,718,07.5 francs. Besides
(he expenses of the war. France has since in
curred the war Indemnity debt of 5,000,000.000
femes to Germany, aud has only paid part of
this by borrowing the money, so that the na
tional debt at this time cannot well be less
than $4,000,000,000.
Making allowance for nil these additions
since tho lust ollidal debt statements, the ag
gregate of the national debts of Kurupe will
bo found to be at this time about $17,400,000,-
OOtl; and, adding that of the United States,
wo find that the productive industry of
Christendom Is mortgaged to capitalists for
abow.t
knoKvuiu Asia, and there are none in Africa
CXC cpt iu Egypt. The debts of the American
con utrics beyond the United States are too
mna JI to raise the estimate above twenty
thoitsuml millions of dollars, which mav
fairlly be assumed jis tho present sum of the
tiaCi oual debts of the world
y*, -SMARTER OP HORRORS,
Twov Pirn murdered— Mulctdetoi'S
From the St- Louis Lcmocrat, Kor. 2.
Tin? vicinity of Marshfield, iu Webster
Couutj Mo., was, on Saturday lasr.tho scene
of a dot tblo imirder and suicide. The follow
ing fach arc gleaned from an extra edition of
tho Cith m;
A man named Denny received a load Of
lumber a»t Me Vane's mills, to 1m delivered to
W. C. Da* venporr. au ex-SherilV,at Marshfield.
About fifteen miles from tho mills bis wagon
broke dovn and hois said to have left in
structions that any one cotthl take the lum
ber for ten .dollars. George. C. Chamberlain,
of Tanc.v Qonnty. took the load, but after
hauliug'it ah out fifteen miles. Ids wagon also
broke down. He then proceeded to the house
of his aou-iu-Law, of Marshfield, for another
wagon, On ,-eaclmjg the broken wagon
again, with his son-in-jaw. George W. Fran
cis. he was met by Davenport and Jacob aud
Matt. Hallman, who ordered tho couple to
halt amt j-mrender, which they did. Daven
port andsuicof tho Hufimaii brothel's then
nrod on Cfliambcilaui, killing him instantly.
Francis etndeavored to escape, but was also
shot dead", within ten steps of Chamberlain,
not less than twenty shots entering his head.
A shootin-? match w;«a in progress neai the
spot, aud«>n- heaving the reports of tho mur
derers gnus, a dozen men liurried to the
scene and were cooly told to "bury tin?
thieves and 'when you come down to Douglas
County and k ill any, wo will return the com
pliment,” ;tfu t which the criminals rode leis
urely awaj*. Davcnp<»rt snbse<i«t*nlly de
livered liimsoFf up. but at the latest report
had tho liberty of the town. A small num
ber of citizens «f Marshfield have gone to
Douglas County tit arrest the Hnfimans. Tho
CoroneFs jury 1 bund that Chamberlain ami
Francis camu to‘. their deallis )»y wounds re
ceived at-the bun dsof Davenport and Jacob
or Matt Ilafiman.
The murdered men were represented us
go#wl and worthy*citizens,esteemed f«r|»e;»ee
fulnessand honcsVy-
The gloom \v;»*div opened on Saturday even
ing by the tidings of tho suicide of Mrs.
Morris, wife Jam cs Morris, one of the
mmiinent citi zens of Marshfield. 11l health
iad shattered Uio re:isc n of the poor woman,
and in a moiueut of es. treme depression she
had repaired to a stable ,und hung herself.
atARVFXEOTTS. .MADNESS.
Hhocking R«muli* of at Rt'tc—The Bitten
Por«r Aiiacbn 111* Companion—Awful
Condition of thn NaiTcm««
From lht* New York Uon\M. >’«r.!.
At Yonkers, Westchcjtfter C’uuuUv*. v.misider
aolo excitement and a3nriu ha w been ex
perienced during the past forty-eiglC hour*,
owing to a shocking mid almost miaceonnta
bio form <iC miulucss which has iriniiilume
ously seized upon two young men who have
been companions for srnuo yt;ars past, The
names of the apparently doomed -youths are
respectively Albert Jones and Augustus
Howanl, each of them Indug about IS years
old. It w said that. ultlumj’U living some
four or five blocks apart, tin: voulhs appeared
to bo inseparable on or off the streets.
The tint intimation received bytiioant hor*
ities regarding the truly unfortunate vo.xug
men.was on last Summy evening, when a
physician having proceeded to the house oe>-
cnjntsl by the parents of dene*, found him in
violent spasms, barking like a. dog us he wild
ly tossed Ins head from side to side, occasion
ally snapping at some of Haw who were
holding him on the lloor by dint of force.
Having administered an opiate, which in a
brief Umo produced some sleepi ou the hurt
of the patient, the physician wtis invited to
another apurtiueut ofvhc house,. where How-
was tmnering from sympttnns precisely
similar. Ihe wvum treatment was adopted,
followed by hko results, and quiet again
reigned m the neighborhood. Most singular
to relate Howard was on a friendly visit to
his inend Jones, and although in an adjoin
ing room with were struck down in horrible
convulsions at the same instant. The at
tending physician stall'd that the symptoms
indicated were nut those of hydrophobia
but were rather superinduced hy nervous
ness. He also gave strict orders that the
patients should not hr allowed fo see or
speak, to each other. Both meu felt very
*unch debilitated during the following dav,
until Monday evening, when they were again
attacked more violently than Iwioro at their
separate homes. Those who witnessed their
mbid actions and terrible contortions were
shocked beyond utterance.
It is asserted iu the village that Jones was
bitten by some man with whom ho was quar
relling a few weeks ago, and that the unto
wanl circumstance had token a tenacious
hold of his mind. When be was first seized
with one of those terrible paroxysms,
lust week, he, it is said, inflicted
a savage bite ou his companion. (Howard)
while the latter was endeavoring to aid him.
The parents of both young men are iu bum
ble circumstances, and the condition of the
unfortunates was kept concealed for some
da Vs after Jones was first attacked.
A strange feature iu the latter’s malady is
that immediately ou recovering conscious
ness, after one of his agonizing tits of mad
ness, be eagerly asks, When* is Gua! n and
then adds, Gna is in a fit now.” The
patients, although greatly weakened, fd
tolerably comfortable yesterday, but it is on
the approach of uight the malady seems only
to develop itself.
Those Uving in the vicinity of the stricken
youths have become so alarmed for the
safety of themselves and their families that
on their application to the authorities a
special police officer has to patrol the neigh
borhood each night.
Bstlt Sec. Dlsrie Canal.
From the Detroit Post, Oct. 90.
Bias fortho continuing the improvement of
the St. Mary’s Falls Ship Cuual were
opened at the office of the United States Eu-
Eueer, in this city, on the 10th inst- The
west bidders were Baker Williams, uf
Onondaga County, Now Vorkuta lufhpin (.ten
oral Poo yesterday awarded the contract*
The firm named are tho contractors
for the improvements already being made at
the upper end of the canal. It is fortunate
that they have present job, be
cause being already ou,.lhu ground with n
large force they wilFheWde-to turn their at
tention to it witiwifKatcr facility than could
new party. They are now advertising for
800 additional laborers, and intend to push
tho work forward with tho greatest vigor.
The amount to be expended under the
present appropriation is &iV),000. That tins
wul complete tho improvement* is not ex-
NUMBER 93,
pected, for they are almost eqtial in,extent to
I the hmWuig of the original canaT.' Ik
i--* hoped, lioqcver, tq have the au
pi-ounaticm so far expended as to
enable the engineers to form a
tiueniWy coriectcsfiiaaßi of the
muore it ist<M*lato to obtainia further ap
propriation from Congress next winter. The
cost of the work at host cun only he vaguely
guessed atsnow, as it- depend* entirely on the
nature of the excavations. Should the ground
pn.vD to be largely composed of gravel, it
‘j! j l(i eiwier.anil. of coarse,
tost.le&s than if it shouiM prove that rock es
ists m the greatest pioponion. The contrac
tors are paiu a comparatively low price for
and <i conv.ijpoudiug high price for
n.ck excavatiou. tL contract*U* tote tok
'Shwl ljy July 1, JS73, nt furthest.'
Che w 9 rfc when completed will consist of
two distinct locks, ouo ehrbtv ami tho-other
seventy feet W»lc. on each side of the keep
er 1." lu e- !W mv “dnatcil. Tlicv will join
ainno in a basin 200 feet at its' base.
TUo upper tmtos will be moved
up seventy feet this winter. Their
present situation, however, is ho pohtt
Ir-ie kn I wk'rt oxisli.ic *eon
r V ,l,, ‘b*rthe new owe begins
to grated, it will I,e S
_ -ill oni the south mUc of the present canal.
It may b,* described as atrianglo one hun
died audbixty feet wide nt ii* lower end.
ill i 1 k U ,r a '-ir at '"I" 1 0 line of the
qm tamii. The canal, through its entire
dip ance above this, wilf remainat its [.S-S
idth, oue hundred ami sixty feef.
T. It. UCXIXV
THE FEANCO-GEKMAN CONVEN-
F«H Detail. of Their Several C'lnawe.
Two conventions, as alreaili- announced
wen* Mgued on the kith inst. bv Prince Bia-
Cou llt And in. and M. Ponycr-Oncrtii-r.
U* J P subject of the.evncnatibn of-more
vi V wk!V, I i 'f't rtlllell 6 “m! 1 1118 P«»’«<)U which
Alsace and Lurmnit will occupy with reaanl
to import and export duties. The conrai-
Ik'.’.ktfiA hy 9b ec a‘Vasre*ment declared in
sqiaralde. so that the etbeac.v of Ilio one nail
la i niidiiiounl iniun tlie continuation of the
several olaSs^- 0 8 5 a oi thß
conventionjirovidcs forthoevacn
m 'if.the Department* of the Aisne. Aube.
,7.VVVw i> la tu DomU-s ami Jnra.
?«‘r!n™2» rv^t,c 1 l lV >rt anu J* "f occupation
to.jO.aWmwt within iifteiu da vs 'after the
r.iUhcatum of the convention. France agrees
to pay the third instalmentof thoiiidemnity.
a» well naSUO.OOO.OUl)interest.. in. fortnightly
liayiiientH, from the l-’itlj of January to the
Iw ca f“ non-payment. the
evacuated territory, which remains neutral
■miml.tniy respect*. would W- reocetipied.
t ranee is only allowed to retain a force in
if v^r\ ceH forthemaintenauee
of order. The rjitilicatious of this convention
are to be exchanged within eight da vs. The
convention with regard to the Alsace ami
Lorraine ctiHfonis duties provides that goods
in Alsace and Lorraine will be
aibmtlej duty free mto France from Septem
ber I. to December m, IS7J. and trill he ad
nutted on a payment of per ceiit of the
dm> until June SO, ISTi?, and on payinenr of
•id pei »Hit until December 31, ISW. Alimen
tary article* are excluded from the provi
sion* of the convention. in case France im
poses new taxes upon raw material and dvo
sfuds used m the preparation of Alsace ami
Lonnioo manufactures, a' eorresmmdinir in
crease of duty may be levied. French iiiann
faeluves which are perfected in Alsace ami
Lorraine willlm admitted duty free. These
*:oods, on being re-exported into France, will
p*. a proporl timato duty. French articles
n in Alsace and Lorraine for tmishinir
nKU l ..f;ul,. r .s mil Ikj duty free m.tif
Hie ilbt «f lliceiiilur, 18*1. They will I.c
“'',{S l ot ,I|B onliuiuy duty
until tiie oihh of June. IST:*, and to SO ner
Cent until the tflst of December. 18? J. Until
comes into force, the duties
paul upon arficxCSilw^relureferred to willhc
refunded. in order tcTiirdfiCt againsit fraud.
Courts of Equity and CnambeiS-ir>£ommrrce
will be established in Alsace and
i?. I V r V t i tH r or of goods com"
eluded lieforc or durmg.the war will share in
till’lliliiiiimly from duty granted by this
lumriitinn. Tlio sumo ajiiiliio to Irnnch
goojls u Inch were ordered during the same
(H’l'iods in lraio-I’. (Joruliiu y t-mlia rlio
iKirinbos of R:oui-lfs-bo:\ux oml Ri«m-snr-li>-
1 bun.', os w-01l os tljy luirish of Jiriioymid
|IIUT of ibo districtof Avricunrt. Tbo Fraiico-
I iormait Irent y iTsjwctiDg trado-uuirbs ju-.iio
oomes mill oniTiitiou; The ooiivouiions w«ru
to bo ml dud bolorc the cud of Oolobor.
A Letter From the General Land Office
in Regard to Burned Timber,
ri Fro tu v IJa r city. (Mich.) Clmmlele, N'ov. s.
*J Dlbce in thisdiV
fnef. Hon. W. k Ihjtes, has been repoatedlv
written to by aettiem, oecuvauta of guwni
ment lamls, and who have Ven suflerers bv
thc recent tires. :tskuiir if they could make
use of tho injured timber to assist them in
their distress. Tho general impression is
niat all burned limber must be cut imme
diately if it is to he made into lumber, as the
borers will soon Iwgiu to destroy it. The
Kegjsfer wroto to the Laud Office" for infor
mation on the mutter, and tho following cor
respondence will show the result:
/A Last S-mrs iw. ATicit., Oct, 31,1971.
To (he Ftithti'uf the Ko(tr\trmc
Bjr: The terrible devastation produced by the
lin-s along the shores of .Saginaw bay ami /n flits
l-iml District hasalleeied a Uirw immiterof home
stead Mjtllers with whom we have to do. have
Ih>hi m constant receipt of letters from ncarlv
every county ma th of here, asking i*cnuissjon To
out and dlsimso of any pine Hiulkt which mav
have been burned over. On the ifith in>t. r wrote
to the HpuorabUi Che ComTuissinoerof tho (ieue*
*eJ.ifV ao n t T* l ttttla St« him the desperate emi
ditlou In which ninny settler* ure pluceil, amt ask
ing for tustriietlous lu the premise*. Enclosed
herewith i* bis reply, which by jwlnting, bm be
more rapidly and widely circulated than hv cor
resiKimleucc. Vmr*. very respectfully. \v 11
JUti*. Ih’gteter lf.if.hO. 1
fJF.NKUAI. L\Nl> OFFJCK,
.'y 1). C., Oct. 33.1871.
hr/jintnut.'”' Herrtrrr. has! Xanhi tuc, Mifh.
UKNTLKMK'.V; I lIUVO received tllf! Register's
U;U«t «f ih« irttit Jn»t.. in regard to homestead set
tlers in your laud, district having miifen-d bv the
llivh which lately burned along the shhrcs of the
Saginaw Hay, hi which ho saj>; “luumuvln-
Stuueen tliulwr stood upon these homestead*
n hivh has hem harned over by tin* Arc*, mid. un
less tin* flintier is out fids winter. It becomes com
paratively valueless. If cut this winter, these
settlers will 1* enabled to live through the winter
upon advances made upon the timber; If nutal
vevy CToat?'*” tbC> com l wHwl h» suffer
rt vlll upon you to deni as timber
lio- rcf 1 lu l ”tses to which the Register's let-
rn.n.f 0 to i«° r W'ts r settler-? under the
yonaro already
l nc c<l ihcy nro entitled to use the tlmtar,
on the tracts covered by their sctllemciils, to the
I «V Vi nt P Ui^su ry for douiostio iitiriKiecs. euchas
Imihliup, fencing, fuel, etc., although not entitled
cut the timber for sale or spooulutiou, unfit, as
regnnls the pn-emptor, ho lew proved up „Dd
p.nd fur the land; and. as regards the homestead
pettier, until five years lifter the date of entryho
has made the necessary proof'of settlement and
cultivation, urn! obtained his Anal certificate.
In common with the people of the whole countrv
We sympathize with the sufferers by the late fires,
mul greatly desire to aid them, but it j* not in our
.eower to .•lunate the public limiter for that object,
bvyond whaJ the* parlies may l*o entitled to as set
tl “f-s under Hi 4 law. In some raw's, however
lb»».u* may in* timber rendered worthless to the
government lu emisequem-e of tb* fires, which
may bo regarded as dead or waste tiiulxw, but
wlnc.h bona jhle settlers on the land may liable
to dispose of. >o as to lighten the calamity under
which tliey sillier, to aid hi restoring their im
provements destroyed by the fires, und la procur
ing tho means of continuing their eeUUanents and
cultivation of f*ic laud.
In dealing wiihsiich eases it may be hi your
power. In exereL»j;iga sound discretion, to aid the
settler while keep.'ng within the limits of your
official duty. In ihn'ng so it would not. in mv
opinion, I*j incumbent on you to proceed against
or treat as trespasser iht* honest settler who might
make use* of such timlH*P i‘o the end of is-rfi-cting
Uls homestead or pre-eiuptW*U title to the land, in
volving no 10-s to tin* govern.menr. Very Respect
fully, jour oivedieut servant, WilusDul'jijiomi,
Commissioner.
Aiiriupl to Bara niSicliltu VUlogr,
From ibe Jackson (Midi.) CilUen.
Charlotte h;w beta considerably excited for
a few days past over repeated attempts which
were made last Sunday morning, by ou© Voi
nov J. Miller, to fire tfie city.
It seems that about 2 o'clock on Sunday
morning a watclunau discovered man skulk
ing suspiciously along tho alley iu the rear of
the business blocks on the west side of Main
street. Upon being followed be lied, and a
few minutes afterward a fire was discovered
among some rubbish back of Lowry's store,
which hail burned to within ten inches of the
building.
The man Miller alluded to above mot a man
by the uaauiof Steele, about noon, and while
m a conversation with him, said that he
bad started the lire with the intention of
burning the whole city. He threatened
Steele with death if he should disclose the
secret, saying that he had better speak for
his coffin. He then conducted Steele to the
rear of the American House and showed him
a little fire which he had kimll&l in the drv
leaves back of the barn. Mr. Steele trampled
the tiro out, and went Immediately 'to the
American Honse and told of It. A crowd im
mediatelystarted for the bare, and when they
got there found that the lire had broken out
again.
Miller has Ikhui identified as the man who
made the first attempt, and ho ©yen boasted
at his boardinghouse that if he had not been
discover*! by the police he would have ac
complished his purpose.
Ho was arrested Sunday afternoon, and is
now awaiting an examination. What-the
reasons were for attempting such a feat are
unknown. but from the manner hi which he
attempted the business, one would imagine
that he was crazy. He is from Lenawee Comi
ty, and is a reckless, dissolute man.
The Dcntitotlon in San Joaquin Valley.
From the San Franti*co Bulletin, Oct. 27.
Tv 0 have clear evidence that over an area
of country on tho west side of the San Joa
<uiin valley, M'rty miles lung and ton broad,
the crops ha .0 boon an entire failure for two
years. (ir,a! destitution prevails in this dis
trict. The calamity did not happen in an
hour, but has been coming ou slowlv for two
years. Tho pinch is now great. Many of
fe^Hiss
vror*?e ofl. ami <lo not kn.m- ,V» l a tt even
got food. from day today. ltrt tan
Kurt Granville*. Lute »pttch.
The mails bv ilio KnvsH N mJw olt sS^ uv
fv.: f "‘invent, ,re t.. allude to tKbt.??.
of W ashmgtoil. of \vlii, l, .Mr. Vdili f|
roa.ly spoken so wed. f i t
{uxouiplishmonr. r Tjellew it i
low results of the best possible eiiara e tkr‘ C I
was accused in the House of Lords of haviuc
too much eoraidmiented all those who km
connected with that treaty. T rk .kkt
wmt one tt onl which I have said. IChS.|
I tluuk wo see the results o£ it every dar Ir
is aiHuuuense thing th at two Mich prondand
ir. U f. U i V mn l ne^?l Grmßrituiu ami tlm
United States should have consented to settle
by amicable moan* a quantity of complicated
questions, and to establish that gooafeelin--
Whlch-* ought- at all times to e s l>r
[Cheers,} There is hardly a day passts
m which we have not some proof of
the extwrt-of this eoorl feeling, what has
been the feeling In England 7 I don’t Ixdievo
that uono at our large manufacturing towns
hail been burnt'down more sympathy would
have been shown—uot only in Manchester
coimcctcd by feelings of interest with the
L iiited Mates, holm every part of the coun
try, and in the capital of the country—than
has been shown with the Miftcrimr ami
calamity which wo regret so much the iu
imbltauw of Chicago have sud'ercd. [Cheers. I
On ilio other hand, what do vresee? I hcanl
a ,murmur of an intended Fenian in
vasion. I telegraphed at once to com
municate with Mr. Fish. That wonder
ful instrument .*of communication of
thought informed mo the very next day than
the government had already sent instructions
and given orders of- tbomost stringent char
acter. And we have heard, although only
from-very meagre telegrams, that it appears
that the American Government instructions
liavo been obeyed,’ and the most ridiculous
amrwautoir raid has been put down—not bv
the Americans themselves. [Cheers.] Ami
if I may I* allowed to mid orm single sen
tence, it is to the effect which* think our ex
ample must have with regard to the settle
meut of international atiairs.”
TIONS.
The War on Porljnmr-Wiu ike .Harmons
Waalilopton, to ihoriilla»lelrhL»
rrca#.'
Officers of tUo Pacific Railroad aro
hero lo ascertain how far the govera
luetit intends to push the execn
uon of the laws against the Mormons.
Ihoy profess to have information from Utah
to the cucct that aa soon os the goveninu*ut»
resona to extreme measureswith the loaders,
the people will resent it with force, and tight
t a o-'mV'L ,V tl; mt,,,s U understood
S'.i'tf'VS tlioirprocramni.' is to tear up
the track of the Union Pamir Railroad and
"V' <{?'rl. between tins Kastem States
and the Pacttie coast. After that they ex
pect to at imp the Indians to make war upon
the frontier, settlers, the success of wCh
thei hope will lie assured after railroad com
munication IS enr off, whereby the govern
ment a ill he nimble to transiairt troops and
nmnumns nf war. Of eomU the nalro’ul
oißuals are anxious to prevent any depreda
tions being made upon their road.'aud there
fore counsel forbearance upon the part of tho
government toward the Jb.nuotis. They £s“
*‘IV J «‘SUlent that while the Monuous
Sr L?h :l lul imprisonment
hfsd .Sirl •*i awk iJ K not suffer
leaden like Brigham 1 onnir to ho dealt with
according to law;. Their plan into have tho
leading men tried ami convicted, and then
pardoned. They think that this will have a
good effect upon the masses of the Mormons.
?SSoi3 t t, Ti, s, T <1 M n tllo government
troll I lie. Die President. however, is disposed
fo ict the law take 1(3 course iu tho case of
all who an* arrested ui L*f;ih charged with a
violation of the acts of Congress. He doc*
not seem to ho neared hy the throats of tlm
to retaliate, whether by destroying
the track of the Pacific Railroad or stirring
»I> a general imliaii war. These are conse
quences the Xh'Csideut thinks which must be
met the same as the 3forutoa defiance of the
law. It seems to be the policy of the govern
ment to sustain the civil authorities ui their
course in Ltah at- all hazards.
A teUfKJI" Tight Place.
From the Randolph (lltTT*JSnn?£2l tfr
On Friday night of lust wcekltTr-silrtcmm
was made to enter three of the saloomTilKiiL
west end of town. In one case only were the i
jmrglara successful, and in this instance tho
°bt; imc<I c 11d not compensate them for
then- trouble. It seems, so tar as we are able
to ascertain the exact intentions of tlm
eulprits, that they meditated a wholesale
plan of burelury, and had prepared them
seires with the necessary implements to
™PJ Ji nt scheme. They firei
tned the establishment owned l»v 3lr
Lphrami PorkiHs. hut this successfully re*
tlffe 1 i- he i r «HurtH t aml they turned
then* kind attentions to Mr. David Mc-
Llures, where they succeeded in capturing a
“p 8 l J cxt tried Messrs,
Sc Knppreout a, but cnuM uni cflVt-t.
an entrance. Here, ono of the party,
frenzied with failure and desperate witu con
ceit proposed to enter through the chimnev.
Ini*is whore the funny pan comes in. Tho
fellow got down the chimney easily enough,
but when he reached the bottom lie discov
ered to his surprise that the lire-plnce was
walled up! This unexpected drawback to
the snccessof hi* plan had mu entered hi*
brain until lie had entered the chimnev so
far that he could not get out without assia
taiico from his companion*. Ho called to
them for help, but they, discovering thev
were observed, hadlled. The poorfellow had
got m(« closer quarlcrs than lie looked for,
and his piteous cull* to his recreant compan
ions excited the sympathy of those who heard
bun. When dragged out he presented quito
a picturesque appearance—hatless ami boot
ies s. Ins face, hands, and clothes blackened
with soot, his eyes half closed, am! his voico
thick and husky.
A firem ChnriotToppled Over n Preelpies
I’mighkccpete, (Oct. 31.) Correspondence of the
New York Herald.
A terrible accident occurred in Columbia
Comity yesterday morning. between Bain's
Corners ami I'ojMikc, by which two men lost
tueif lives. Tin* accident occurred on what
jm known :ut Williams’ Hill.’’ a steep decliv
tty. Just before daylight tin* hand wagon, or
chariot, attached to Howe’s Kuropean Circus
left Bain’s Corners drawn hv
eight horses, which were driven bv an expe
rienced driver, but who did not.
know* tho road.. The morning being
dark he canto upon the hill before lu* was
aware of Hie fact. He attempted to gather up
hi» reins und put on his brake, hut he was
not quick enough. Him cight-in-linnd got rim
start of him ami dashed down the hill at
frightful sj»ced. when suddenly one of the
wheel horses fell. He, with the chariot, was
dragged to the side of the road by his now*
frantic mates, where the chariot upset and
tumbled Uon u a precipice. On top were five
musicians, the rest having pom? to Millerton
by rail. The chariot made two complete
somersets, the first throwing the musicians
oil. atuf. m turning the second, fell on two of
them, Kuhiig them instantly. Tho other
throe and the driver escaped'as if bv a
miracle. The names of the killed arc J. A.
kmi by, Jr., aged *J o years, a single man, and ;t
native of Liverpool, and AVem Kctzcr. a
£w»ss, who leaves a wife and child behind,
t were U> give only din* more ex
inbitiou before they went into winter
quarters.
Smuggling on the' Itlexicnn Fremio,
Washington (Oct. to tlic Xch* York
kvfijhis? Post.
Keeoutreports represent that smuggling is
Kt\lU‘arrtcd.on openly along the KioGramht
Inver, principally by Mexicans, who defraud
our government out of u large amount of
money. annually.
The attention of the Mexican Government*
w*as smno fnncr.'ico'ealh'fl fn the fact that un
der the decree establishing the Zonsi Libra,
smuggling was in reality sanctioned by that,
nation, ami that therefore the abrogation of
this decree Tran firmly demanded.
This request not having been complied
tntlu the question of enforcing the demand
wus yesterday a matter of consideration be
tween President Grant, Secretary Fish, ami
benator Patterson, member of the Senate
Committee,on Foreign Relations, As 1 his
would require the use of the military arm of
the government ani undoubtedly lead to a
war between the two countries, the Presi
dent decided to let the matter remain as at
present, and call the attention of Congress
to the subject in his next annual message
and ask for legislation. b
A despatch from Trenton, N. J„ refers to a
curious and important case which has come
up before the Court of Chanccrv. The Ger
bilV fn Company claims that a
it company, and enable
i t to build a railway from New Vork to Phila
delphia, was passed by both houses of the
->c« Jersey Legislature and delivered to t?io
Ociernor March 31; the Governor .nays the bill
reached him on tho *thof April. The question
of date of delivery affects the vitality of the
measure, os the Governor's date kills the Hill,
ne having retained it without giving it offi
cial sanction 5 but- the date claimed by the
railroad company gives it life, as it became a
taw by lapse of the six days required by tba
constitution. The suit which the railroad
.company brings in this case calls the Gov
ernor into court; he refuses to go, claiming
that the court has no right to inquire into
his official acts or legislative omissions. Tba
issue of the case will have considerable in
fluence hereafter as a precedent.
Great Qannthic* of Coni Discovered In
Dakota and lows.
From the Sioux City (low*) Journal, Nor
James Allen, a resident of VermilbnrT n
T., called at the Journal office lastSatim}?C
raoraiDg. rnth a; specimen efrauwooaf
takc-n from tlio Wnll oppoaito tho St XicholaA
Hotel, in the town of VcnniUtmi an?**
reports that he luU .“ote
time donna the past year, to F rw,““ ™fo?
coal alpn/r the Somx ami Misaoiri Birera-ami
hia labor has been rewarded by the discoVerv
rl M. n 4}! le e Bitß in «tydi/roront p"ac«
no r/aintS StS
Kck Bevrnge t
—Two ttrn Killed.
(A Cation* Cn»e*