STATE LEGISLATURE.
The House Initiates a Resolution
for a Week's Adjourn
ment.
The Members Magnanimously
Agree to Receive Pay
Dnring the Re
cess.
!Plan of Legislative Apportion
ment Adopted by the Joint
Committees,
Bill Introduced on the Subject of
Steam Railways on Public
Thoroughfares.
'The Bill Bela ting to Special Terms of
Circuits Passed in the House.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
WHY BUSINESS LAGS.
Springfield, Nov. si.—Owing to the fact that
'there were but Just enough members present to
=pass emergency bills, no effort was made by Chi
•cago members left hero to get up bills so essential
Tor that city. Hr. King loft at noon for Ghloago,
leaving his two committees and the bill to en
large the powers of the Mayor, which ought to be
passed by December 2. Messrs* Barley and
Mason were also absent from the House this
afternoon. Had all the Chicago members been
present there would havo been no trouble with
the bill. It is not lUoly that there will be enough
members hero next week to pass anything.
There was enongh energy to push through to-day
a bill for special terms of Circuit Courts, hut not
enough to even mention Chicago measures.
COUMITTBB VACANCIES.
The Senate passed a resolution directing tho
Chair to fill vacancies on the Committee on Fees
and Salaries.
RAILROAD BILL.
The House did nothing of importance. Hr.
-Campbell offered a bill by which no municipal
authority is allowed to permit any steam railroad
to use any street unless a certain number of pro
per! v owners agree. Tills will interfere with tho
r.ewXa Salle or Riverside Road with the P., C. Ai
fet. 1... who arc trying to get hold of Rockwell
fctlOCt.
RECESS AGREED ETON.
Just before adjuurc Lug. the House passed by a
decided vote a resolution to adjourn from Satur
day till Monday, many who voted agilnst tho
resolution iu the morning having gone off home
in the ufleruoou. Memoers have an idea that
they Lave been overworked lately, and must go
home to refresh. If the hnalo adopts tbo resolu
tion to-morrow, nothing will bo done next week.
They act as if they were certain of their pay, and
intended to return the least possible amount of
work for It.
HIE COOK COUNTY ABSENTEES TO-DAT
arc Messrs. Dixon, Humphrey, Mason, and Hea
lie’d. Eagan is sics. Senators Allen, Bangs,Boyd,
Donahue, Edsall, Iluuter, Jackson, Underwood,
Vutigbu, and Woodard, are away. Boj’d and Un
derwood are away on leave, and Hunter Is sick.
KEI'KKSKXTAiITES ABSENT.
The votes in the House to-day showed that tho
follMWing persons were not present: Ayres,
Baines. Bt-Uhon. Boyd. Briscoe, Brown, of Mas
sac, Caldwell. Carey, Casey, of Jefferson, Cloud,
of Morgan, Crouch, Davis, Dixon, Eagan, Elder,
Foss, Fuller, Funk, Galccs, litatield, Humphrey.
Hundlcv, Kenny, I-atimer, Mason, Manley, McKl
wee, McEwru, MeMiibtcrs, Moflitt, Murray, Mor
ion, of Monroe, Nelson, Rice, of Peoria, Riggs,
Rodgers, of Madison, Rodgers, of Platt, Ryan,
Sheldon, of Champaign. Bhort.Tay lor, and Wright
—l2. Several of these individuals have not boon
present at ail thin tension.
bTATE OF BUSINESS.
There is a feeling that it Is necessary to have
some speedy legislation on tho subject of feos
and salaries, but, unfortunately, theru the matter
stops. Senator Bangs, tho Chairman of the Senate
Committee, is away, and Mr. King, thoCmilrman
of the House Commit tee, Is also at tho hea I of tho
Special Committee on Land Titles, and it ia Im
possible to say when anything will be douo with
a subject which has been in tbo hands of com
mittees ever since January, 1871, white eminent
domain, revenue, fees and salaries, and appor
tionment are left untuushed. The duties of a
Justice of the reace, and the question of garnish
ments, provoke heated discussions, ami occupy
for days tho time of the House. But it is wrong
to find' blame with them, for possibly they are
doing the best they know how.
LEOI.-IATTVE AITO:iTIONMENT.
The Republican caucus yesterday evening de
cided on the following apportionment, which,
though distasteful to mi»ny Republicans, and apt
to meet v.lth muen I>cmucrutlo 10
likely to go through
First District—First, Second, Tenth ana
Eleventh Winds of Chicago, H.
Second l)iptii«*t—’Third, Fourth and Fifth
‘Wards, and Hyde Park oud Lake, R.
Tliird District—Sixth, Seventh And Eighth
p
Fourth District—Ninth, Twelfth and Thirteenth
"Wards, probablv D *mocratic.
Fifth District—Fourteenth, Fifteenth ond
Eighteenth Wards. 11
Sixth District— Seventeenth, Nineteenth, Twen
tieth and Sixteenth Wards, R.
Seventh District—County towns, R
Eighth District— Lake and McHenry, R
Ninth Distnct—Wlunebrtgo and Boone, R
Tenth Distiict— Sleohensonand Jo Daviess, R
Eleventh District—Ogle and Lee, R
Twelfth District—Carroll and Whiteside, R
Thirteenth District—DeKalb, Kendall and
Grundy, R
Fourteenth District—DuPago and Kano, R
Fifteenth Disir.ct—Will. R
Sixteenth Distilft—Kankakee and Iroquois, R
Seventeenth District—Livingston and Ford, R
Eighteenth District —LaSalle ,R
Nineteenth District—Woialford, Marshall, and
Putnam claimed by the Republicans.
Twentieth District—Start and Bureau, R
Twcuty-tlret Diitrlct—Henry and Rook Island,
R.
Twenlp-second DU-trlct—Knsx and Mercer, R
Twenty-third District—Hancock and Hender
son, I).
Twenty-fourth District—Warren and McDon
ough, R.
Twenty-fifth Dls Tlct—Fnlton and Mason, D*
Twenty-sixth District —Peorle, D.
Twenty-seventh District—Tazewell and Logan,
It.
Twenty-eighth District—McLean, R.
Twenty-ninth District—DeWitt and Macon, R.
Thirtieth District—Piati and Champaign. R,
Thirty-first District—Vermillion and Edgar, R.
Tiinty-Fccond District—Douglas, Coles, and
Moultrie, R.
Tidrty-third District—Shelby, Cumberland, and
Effingham, 1).
Tbit ty-lourth District—Christian and Montgom
ery, 1).
Thirlv-flfth District—Sangamon, D.
Th’rty-.-Uih District—Scuujlor, Rrown, Cass,
and Menard, D,
Thirty-seventh District—Adams, D.
Thirty-eighth District—Pike, Scott, and Cal
houn. D.
Thirty-ninth District—Morgan and Greene, D.
Fortieth District—Macoupin and Jersey, D.
Forty-first District—Madison, uncertain.
Forty-Second District—Bond, Clinton, and
Washington. R.
Forty-thinl District—Fayette and Marlon, D.
Fony-fourth District—Clay, Richland, Wayne,
Edwards, and Wabash. U.
Forty-nrtli District—Clark, Jasper, Crawford,
and Lawicnce. D.
Forty-sixth District —Haxhilton, White, Saline,
find Galiuliu, D.
Forty-seventh District—Jefferson, Franklin,
and Williamson, 1).
Forty-eighth District—St. Clair, R,
Forty-ninth District—Monroe, Randolph, and
Perry, probably Republican.
FitUcihJMbti let—Jackson, Union, and Alexan
der. 1).
Fifty-first District—Johnson, Pope, Hardin,
Ma*sae, and Pulaski, R.
This gives the Republicans a decent certainty
of so districts, the Democrats of 17, and leaves 4
doubtful, which will he about evenly divided.
LEGIMLAXIVE.
SENATE.
SENATOR QUALIFIED.
The credential* of Wm. G. Bowman, of the
jlrst District, elected riee Gibson, deceased,
were presented and tho oath administered.
VENDS.
The consideration of the bill relating to venue
vhk resumed.
Mr. HAMPTON defended bis bill as against the
report of the committee, citing instances in his
knowledge 'where the present law had opened the
jdc-or for the escape of criminals.
Mr. FULLER defended the report of the oom-
said this bill was defective,
hem eit should l>e rejected. It was an attempt t»
Amend the present law without complying wlta
the constitution.
Mr. WHITING opposed.
ILLINOIS REPORTS.
Mr. McNITLTA, from the Judiciary Committee,
reported hack Senate bill 87, to pur
chase the Illinois Reports from the Supremo
Court Reporter at llvo dollars per volume, re
commending its passage.
Mr. HAMPTON moved Its reference to the
Committee on Finance. Carried.
INBORAVCB.
Mr. CARTER, from the Select Committee, to
was ic erred the petition, of John V. Far
ted I and others, relating to Insurance, reported
ahe petition, -with a recommendation that it be
•ofeired to Ujie Committee on Insurance. So
done.
CANADA THISTLES.
Senate Bill-269. concerning Canada thistles, ■was
Trad a thiidtime. and foiled for leant of a con
stitutional majority—ayes, 31; nays, 4.
lU&GIBTRATION.
Mr. STBEVELE entered a motion to reconsider
Ecu ate liili 280. to repeal tho R-glstry law, and to
«stablish registration In ciiies, towns, and vil
lages of five thousand inhabitants and upwards,
and counties of one hundred thousand Inhabi
tants and upward. Head a third lime.
Mr. KERB movtd to refer tofeUe Committee on
Election*.
Sir. VDRIB deprecated the Senator’s moving
thoref« fence |of bills to committees of which
tnev were Chairmen, and probably when Senators
•wife fo opposed to bills as the Senators from Po
orju wa*- to th'B He predicted the killing of the
Wll by that gcutlcmau.
THISTLES AGAIN.
The. motion to reconsider the Toto on tho Can
ada Thistle bill was carried. Tho bill passed—
yeas, 3G; naye, 0.
IUKK-aGK fbosi the govebsoil
A messaco was received from tlw Governor, re*
turning Senate bill 232. relating to tUo Southern
insane Asylum "with his objections
&OITIIIKUK NORMAL UNIVERPITT.
Senate bill 2*.*, relating to the Southern normal
University was referred to the Commltto on Pub
lic Buildings.
BALAHV or LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR.
Senate bill 295, establishing the salary of the
Lieutenant Governor, was read a second' time.
Mr. EDDY' moved to till the blank with $1,500.
Sir. CRAWFORD opposed tbe motion. Ho was
not willing to give more than $1,200.
Mr, WAoHBURN was in favor of paying the
present Lieutenant Governor $1,500. but objected
to pi n*ldmg that fialu’7 for future incumbents of
the office.
Mr. KERR opposed the motion.
The motion was lost—yeas. 10; nays,' 18.
STREVELL moved to fix the comoonsation
at fifteen hundred dollars until the expiration of
the term of the present incumbent, and one
thousand dollars thereafter.
Mr. CRAWFORD moved to amend the amend
ment by striking out the fifteen hundred dollars
and Inserting twelve hundred dollars,
Mr. FULLER favored Mr. Crawford’s amend
ment, which was accepted.
Mr, EDDY moved to amend by striking oat
SI,OOO and leaving the salary at $1,200 per annum.
Carried—yeas, 21; nays, 13.
The blank was tilled with $1,200.
Hr. FULLEBmovcd to amend, by striking out
somuch as related to the allowance for station
cry, postage, etc. Canled.
Tbe bill was referred to the Fees and Salaries
Committee.
In the afternoon Mr. VAN DORSFON, from the
Committee on Fees and Salaries, reported back
the Lieutenant Governor's Salary bill, as amend
ed. Ordered to a third reading.
I*AY OF ABSENT MEMBERS.
Mr. VAN DORBTEN, frun the same committee,
reported back a resolution regarding the pay of
absentees. Ho submitted a report stating that
the constitution provided that members receive
lire dollars per day; that no notice could bo
taken by tbe President of the presence or absence
of members when certifying to the pay-roll. This
13 intended to cover tha absence of members at
special sessions. Postponed till to-morrow at 11
a. m.
BILL FOB THE PROTECTION OF FARMERS AND
FRUIT GROWERS.
The House bill for the protection of farmers and
fruit growers was read and ordered to a second
reading.
MUNICIPAL TAXATION.
Mr. CRAWFORD, from the Finance Committee,
reported back the bill to authorize cities and
towns not exceeding 16,000 people to levy taxes
for municipal purposes, and recommended Its
passage.
SOUTHERN INSANE ABTLUM.
Hr. HARSH, from the Committee of Public
Buildings, reported back the bill making appro
priation for the completion of the Southern In
sane Asylum, with on amendment whloh was
eoncurred in.
COMMITTEE VACANCIES.
Hr. Btrevell’s resolution to fill vacancies on the
Committee on Fees and Salaries, caused by ab
sence, was called up and adopted—ayes, 2s;
noes, 7
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
ATTACHMENTS.
The bill in regard to attachments before Jus
tices of the Peace was ordered to a third read
ing.
Mr. VOCKE'S Life Insurance bill was taken up,
the question being on the adoption of the amend
ments of the Committee of the Whole. The pro*
vlelona in this bill aro contained, with ono or two
exceptions, in tho bill reported by the Committee
on Insurance.
Mr. PHELPS wanted the two considered to
gether. Ho moved that the bill be referred back
to the Committee on Insurance.
Mr. VOCKE defended his bill. He denied th»
similarity and wanted it considered first, since it
was introduced first.
The motion to refer was lost. The amendments
were adopted, and the bill ordered engrossed lor
a third reading.
JURISDICTION OF JUSTICES OT TUB PBACB.
The bill to increase the Jurisdiction of Justices
of The Peace was read a second time and sont to
tho Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CAMPBELL Introduced the following:
lie it enacted. That neither Legislative antnori
ty, the Comnjon Cooiu 1* or coj poratcauthorltlM ol
any city shall have power to grant the use of or
right to lay down any railroad track In any street
to a steam railroad company, except on petition
of the owners of land 'representing more than
one-half of the frontage of the street, or so much
thereof as Is sought to housed for railroad por
poees.
Mr. COFER offered a bill concerning highways,
roads and bridges.
Mr. HAINES introduced a bill that, in case of a
total loss of insured property, the amount for
which it was insured ana on which a premium
has been paid, shall .bo the measure of the lia
bility of the company, without reference to the
value of the property at tho time insurance was
made. It applies to domestic and foreign torn
panics.
Mr. KOERNER’S bill relieving farmers and
fruit-growers from city taxes on tbo sale of their
produce, when they personally offer it for side,
was passed—yeas, 34; nays, 14.
SUPREME COURT REPORTS.
The bill to regulate reporting decisions of the
Supremo Court, by giving Judges authority to di
rect the reporter to omit decisions on matters of
fact or points of law sufficiently settled, was op
posed by Koeruer, Richardson, and Kerrick, and
supported by Merritt, Springer, and others, and
lost—yeas, tC; nays, 61.
MATURITY OF BILLS, AC.
Mr. Roberts’ bill, to provide for uniformity in
calculating days of grace and maturity of bills,
and declaring that paper falling duo on holidays
shall oe paid on tho day following. The bill was
passed—yeas, 89; nays, 27.
TERMS OF CIRCUIT COURTS.
The Senate bill to provide for holding epoelal
term* of Circuit Courts \raa paaacd—yeas, 133;
nays, 1.
Tbe bill authorizing tho Secretary of State to
buy fifteen copies of Oro«»* Statutes was lost—
reap, 00; noyt», 31.'
The bill making an appropriation for some
small expenses uf tho last session passed—yeas,
118; nays, 4.
A motion to suspend tho rules to let in a reso
lution to a(\}ourn from Wednesday to Monday
wns curried—yoas, 91; nays, 6.
The resolution was adopted—yea?, 73; nays, 3fl,
as follows:
Armstrong, Goodcll, Reise (Logan),
Austin. Hull. Rcmsburg.
Berry. indues, Rico (Peoria),
Brayton, Hay, C V*
Brown (Bond), lllrkory, Riclurdson,
Brown (Massac), Hildrun. Roesslyr,
Cunnbell. IJtnchollCV', Root,
Carte, U Jones (MarshaU).Sage.
Cavan. Kagay. banfonl.
Chandler, Kcrrick,
Clark (Kane) Langston, Stemll,
Clark (LaSalle), Lee, Pnort,
dew, Masscnborg, Stewart.
Collins, McConnell, btillwell,
Cummings, McElvalu, Sullivan,
Daniels, McMillan,
Davis. Morrill, Malte,
Derickson, Morrison (Cook), Webb,
Dodae. MusscUcr, bitney,
Dmublasor, Kelson, WiUUim.%
I'ouke, Olson, Williamson,
Gass, Price, Wight,
Gilham, Ralls, Mr. bpoakcr.
SAT 3,
Adams, Oalapher, Phelps,
Barr. -Hvrdman, Piiloy,
Bndden, Jvrtriea, Reinhardt,
Burnside, Kiudes, Rives,
Carnenler, Koernor, Roberta,
Ca* p y (Fhelby). Landrum, Rogers (Platt),
Cloi;d (llacoupln).Mayo. Ross,
Color, Miller (Kano), Rowley,
Cunningham, Miller (Madison), Shelton (Warren]
Cnrtis, Miller (St. Clair), Trimble,
j ydgeomb, Morgan, Vennum,
I Efncr, Mot sc, Waters,
j Flcharty,
EBTBATB.
Senate WU relative to stock cattle running at
argo ”wa# ordered tv a second reading.
AIVjbORNMEKT RESOLUTION.
Mr. ROOT moved that when the General
As sembly adjourn on Tuesday, it be to Monday,
Doc. 4.
Mr. MILLS, of Bt. Clair, and PHELPS oppos
ed the resolution, *inae it would result in break
ing up a quorum at once. There were enough
members who went away on Friday and turned
up on Tuesday without adjourning over for a
week. He wanted Saturdays and Mondays
work log d*ys. He moved as an amendment that
they adjourn from Wednesday noon to Saturday.
The amendment was laid on the table. Yeas, 91;
navs, 13.
Mr. GOFER moved |na an amendment that
tinre be no pay drawn during the adjournment.
Mr. t.ee «aid the amendment was not In order.
The vote resulted—yeas, 43; nays, 80.
The resolution was not adopted—yeas, 61;
nays, 68.
Adams, Frew, Iseaco,
Alb n. Gil ham, Olson,
Armstrong, Galloway, Phlllipa,
Anat tn, Haines, Powell,
Bury, Hawes, Price,
Bruugbtou. Illckux. Rails,
Bn oks (Bond). Hlldrnp. Reese,
Rnrley, Hliicbcllff, Reise (Loran),
C;.vun. Jones (Crawford),ltemabnrg,
Chumuor, Kagay. Riclianison,
Clark (La Salle), Kelley, Boot,
Clow, King (Cookb Sage,
Collins, King (Jersey), Sanford,
Cummings, Knolos, Beuno,
Daiilt-ls, ijmgslon, Sherrill,
Dcrickson, Loo, EllllroU,
Dodge. 1-cinma, Sullivan,
Domblaaer, M*s*cnbarg, Webb,
Kastcr. WcElvain, Whitney,
Furko, McMillan, WllUamaon,
Wight,
NATS.
Barr, Hunter, Pritchard,
Barrett, Jeffrie*. Reinhardt,
Uraidiu, Jones (Marshall), Rich,
Burnside, Kerries, Rives,
Campbell, Komer, Roberta,
Carle, Landrum, Roesle,
Carpenter, Mayo, Ross.
Casey (Shelby), McConnell, Rowley,
Clark (Kane), Meeker, Bbaw,
Cloud (Maconnln)Mcrrltt. Shelton (Warren)
Cofer. Miller (Kane), Smith (Ogle),
Cunningham, Miller (Madison) Springer,
Dwight, Miller (St. Clair), Strong,
Curtis, Morgan, Townsend,
Easley, Morrill, Trimble,
tdgcomh, Morris, Vonnum,
Efrer, Morrison (Cook), Vocke,
Fleharty, Morse. Waite,
Galbraith, Mnssoier, Watson.
Gallagher, Woith, Watclns,
Goss, Phelps, Williams,
Gootlcll. Pixley, Mr. Speaker—lßS.
Hvidman,
The vote on the proposition to drop the pay, in
case of u week’s adjournment, waa as follows:
Springfield, Not. 34.
Adame, Ooodoll, Reinhardt,
Bralden, Haww, Relsc (Logan),
Burnsides Bordman, lUrce,
Campbell, Jeffries, Roberts,
Carle, Kelley, Boeasler,
Carpenter, Kenny, Shelton (warren)
Clark (Kane), McConnell, Stewart,
Cofer, Miller (Kano). Strong.
Cunningham, Miller (bt. Clair), Townsend,
Cuttle, Morgan, Trimble,
Eaaley, North, V J Vennum,
Kdrcomb, Phelps, Watkins,
Elrer. PixhT. Mr. Speaker.
Galbraith, Pritchard.
2UTF.9B
Allen, Hall, Mussotter,
Armstrong, Haines, Neeco,
Austin. Hay, Olson.
Bsct Hickox. Phillips,
Barrr. Hlnchollfl; Price,
T>ra3im Hlndloy. Balls,
pfSk?* Jones (Crawford),Recso,
Brown (Bon^-
CaoortSbolby), ggrlA |o£
ISssnue,. gfod“ ga^
Cl„u (W«onpln ,K S J Sro _ Shaw,”**
Langston, Soane,
JSf"- »>ogi.
iSrrickeon Maasenbnrg, BUUwell,
McElwaln, Sullivan.
SSSbWr. McMUlnn, VocVo.
H.SSy, ii&r.
|S Wl SSSSi. (Coo«.i||&n,
onilmm, Morse, Vilghl.
Galloway,
v GAKKISHEEB.
The bill in relation to garnishees jras toKennp,
and there \Tfiß much discussion on the change__
Hu; lav by vhlch public official* can be garni*
shred like private individuals. m
Mr. IIA IKES moved to strike out public offi
cials.” Alter n long discussion the amendment
\r»s adopted. Ibe bill vas finally ordered en
grossed fora third reading.
UFI INSURANCE.
BAILBOAD BILL.
OTHER TEW BILLS.
FARMERS* RELIEF DILL.
MTBCEIXANBOUB.
ADJOURNMENT RESOLUTION.
Yl£Ai,
j j- rr' r-.'f »r* f ’7i (T-f-T;!-'. fym J\['V r J r fTTTT ;i
THE Tbli^-"
NEW YORK
Tweed’s Carpet Bag Packed,
and His Flight Looked
for Hourly.
How a Tammany Dead Dock is Looked
Upon by Hli Former Friends.
The Cotton Crop—Comparative
Statement.
Dally Review ol tbe Leading
markets.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
TWEED PACKING UP.
New York, Not. 2*.—Every hour evidence
that Tweed intends to fiy the country, grows
stronger and stronger. Nobody doubts It any
longer. His sudden departure Is a foregone con
clusion. Even those who have boon his warmest
friends and adherents have lost confidence in
him, because they say bo breaks his most solemn
promises. They have fallen away from him al
most to a man, and now denounce him as bit
terly as do any of Ms enemies. It is
stated, on excellent authority, that several
days before the election he promised on oath that
he would resign the Senatorshlp one week after
he was chosen; that he wanted to bo elected only
to triumph over his political enemies, and his re
fusal to keep his word up to this time has excited
the Indignation and wrath of his former adhe
rents. Henry Smith, President of the Bowling
Green Savings Bank, just before Its suspension,
appealed in the name of friendship to Tweed for
a loan of $200,000. They had been very inti
mate. Smith bod done many favors
'for Tweed, but the Tammany chief refused to
lend a penny, declaring his pocket-book to be
his only friend, and that Smith must look out for
himself. Such conduct, often repeated, has had
its natural effest. lumbers of Tweed’s former
adherents are now willing and anxious to testify
against him to the giand Jury, who it is believed
will certainly bring in a true bill. The grand Ju
ry will examine several witnesses to-morrow.
Charles [O'Conor is still working
bard for evidence against Tweed. It
is now believed that he hais nearly enough, and
of a eharacter to justify both a civil and criminal
suit. Those claiming to know the facts, say tho
sole reason why Tweed has not gone to Europe
before is that he has b»etf unable to induce a very
near frisnd whom he has enriehel by hla bounty
to accompany him. When she is willing, it is
alleged that they will depart.
BAULCH AND DOHERTY.
John Graham, counsel for Baulch and Doherty,
in a speech this afternoon, said the men ■who
stole the vouchers were the parties who had a
motive in the disappearance of theso papers. On
the strength of his profession*! eareer, he he*
lievcd ho could put his finger bn two men, high in
office, who caused the disappearance of these
Touchers, and who would now be occupying cells
in Bing Sing if it were not for the fact
that these vouchers could not he found. Tho
grand Jury say that Richard B. Con nolly is owner
of the stolen property. Tho party who would be
injured by tho production of this property would
be most anxious to keep them out of sight. How
does tho grand jury know but theso very vouch
ers are now in. the House of Richard B. Con
nolly! Why was not Richard B. Connolly
eumnoned before the grand jury as the
alleged owner of the property stolen! How do
we know but the papers seen by Mary Conway,
as they were being handled by th£ men, were,
pillow case and all, carried to the house of
Richard B. Connolly! Why woanot Mr. Connolly
arrested! Why is ho permitted an opportunity
to escape by going to Europe! Why are the in
stiumenta arrested, and the principals allowed
to go scot fere!
ELOrEMEKT.
Jersey City It much excited by the elopement
of a young merchant holding a high social posi-
tion. with the •wife of his intimate friend and
$25,000 in gold belonging to his undo, a prominent
banker in Wall street. The fugitive merchant
leaves a vrifo to 'whom ho "was married only ten
months ago. -The parties belong to fashionable
circles, and the deserted husband is looking for
his perfidious friend •with a revolver. It is be
livcd that the fugitives sailed to-day on the Euro
pean steamer.
UOKVT.
To-day’s storm unsettled business In Wall street
at 5 to 6 pet Cent on call, 7 being the exceptional
rate, Prime endorsed commercial paper Is
quoted at 7 l-02al per cent. The banks are ship
ping currency both South and Southwest for sot
ton and park. The ease in the European money
■■’markets Is increasing the amount of foreign cap
tal here, and does much to neutraliie the temper
nrary unfavorable turn otthe domestic exchange
GOLD.
The gold premium was worked up by assiduous
coaxing, to-day, to 111 bid, but it remained thus
only a short time, and then receded to no t-8 bid.
The carrying rate closed at flat to 3 per cent for
carrying. There was rather more business done
In the Room to-day than yesterday, but the bear
element la still In the ascendancy, as Is shown by
sales of considerable lots at ill.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE
was lower at 1091-8 for prime bankers* sixty days*
sterling, and 109 7-8 for sight, less a brokerage.
Sight bills were weaker, on account ef the ease in
the London money market. The rates of interest
there are 31-2 to 3 per cent, though i per cent is
the Bank of England rates.
GOVERNMENT BONOS,
though weak In the morning, closed steady, os*
pecially in the long bonds of ’SI and currency 6'a.
The 60s and css and C7s arc not quite so scarce as
they ware. It Is said that ttao Canadian banks
ore holding on to the bonds they hare bought.
The sews from Europe Is unfavorable to the now
loan, and it waa reported at the close as lal-16
discount. This is quoting it at rather a tine frac*
tlon, but when It is considered that every 1-16
additional discount is liable to advance the price
of gold 1-8 It 'will be seen that email fractions are
of importance. Central Pacific bonds closed at
10*8-8 to 108 1-2; Unions at 915-3 to 91 3-4 for
firsts; 79 6-8 to 79 3-4 for land grants; 83 to 831-3
for Incomes, and 37 3-8 to 971-3 for stocks.
STOCK MARKET
was variable all day, but generally dull. Lake
Shore and Western Union were the only features,
and closed steady. The fluctuations wero 1-4
to 11-4 per cent.
DBBADSTUFFS.
There waa a fair Inquiry In the morning for
winter wheat extras, and good superfine flour at
former prices, hut at the close tho market was
heavy and dull for most grades, though Minneso
ta* were In fair demand, and steady. There was
but little doing In wheat to-day, and the prices of
spring favored tho buyer. Tho demand for ex
port waa light, and chiefly for amber winter.
Com was offered freely, and waa dull and tame.
The advance In freights chocked tho inquiry, and
prices favored buyers at the close.
pro the Aaaodatad Proas.]
TWERP'S CARmT-UAG URDER SURVBILT-i.KCE.
New York, Nov. 24.—'The Tribune to day an
nouDcea that an express wacon loaded with
trunks and other baggage left Tweed's houto In
Fifth avenue last 'Aunrsday. and that a Deputy
United States Marshal who followed the clue re
ported yesterday that passages were engaged in
the steamer Brussels for five of Tweed's family,
and that one extia berth had been engaged,
which It was stated might not bo used. The pas
senger list at tbe Inman offices gives no corrobo
rative evidence, but It Is possible that passages
may have been secured in some other form than
for a family of five or six, to mislead suspicions
inquirers. The officers think the removal of the
baggage Is explained by the fact tha”. Tweed
wished to send away his valuables in advance,
and then follow them. Tweed has not made the
house his residence since the exposure of the ring
frauds. A prominent politician, popularly sup
posed to bo owned by Tweed, said, yesterday,
that In forty-eight hours events would occur
which wtxild startle New York. It Is probable
that he knowsmoro of Tweed’s Intentions than be
chooses to eonllde to ethers.
AU3BRUBK CODKTBD TS.
It Is reported that many Aldermen have been
counted in by the canvassers.
CRJCBT DISCKnCIKATIOK.
It is rumored that a police Captain drew SIO,OOO
and an assistant Alderman $3,000 from the Bow
ling Green Savings Bank after it suspended pay
ment.
COITRT MATTERS.
Jndge Bedford bus rewired his decision In tke
case or Haggerty and Banloh. 41
Judge McCuan has denied themotion for a non
suit in the case of J. O. Darla to compel Smith,
Gould i Martin to fulfil the contrasts made o«
the Thursday preceding the celebrated black
Friday. guiLl, tot.
Eli additional caaea of small poi; to^iay.
RAID OH THR FARO RAH KB.
•Saveral faro banks were broken up among the
docks to-day, and forty arrests -wore made,
B&mnRT.
The Brooklyn ITmVm asserts that a prominent
ofllco holder of that city received HO.ooo frem
Boss Tweed to secure Ins election.
BCUHVTi
A large number of the sailors of the Russian
fleet are at the Long Island Hospital under treat
ment for scurry.
SECTARIAN MUT>I>LB.
There is still exeitoment at Hunter* Point orer
the dotcrnilL ation of the School Commissioners
to enforce the reading of the Bible in the school*.
Several children of Catholic parents have been
ejeotsd because they refused to bo present at
such occasions. To-day three young men toot
scats In the school bouse ■when refused permis
sion, and encouraged, cheered, and protected one
of the girl scholars who remonstrated against
the reading of the Bible. They were arrested by
the police.
TEHPOKAI*
Colonel IV. R. Holloway, of the Indianapolis
Journal, is at llio Fifth Atcduo Hotel.
CBKKLBT BKTIRES.
Horace Greeley announces his retirement from
the Bureau of Migration on account of hi* .name
being used in connection therewith as an lnd*m®
meat to emigrants to deposit money in one of t.
broken eavlngslbanks.
COMPARATIVE COTTON STATMENT.
Tbe total receipts from September 1, 1870,
were 916.701; same time this -year,
7,5,384. The total exports from Septem
ber 1, 1870, were 944.035, same time
this year, 333,425. Stock at all United States
ports last year, 352,177; this year. 301,038. At in
terior towns, last year, 72,781; this yoar, 67,950.
At Liverpool last year, 874,000; this year, 526.000.
American cotton afloat for Great Britain last
year, 278,000; this year, 124,000.
A prominent ex-Judge yesterday told a reporter
tlint the Comptroller received SIOO,OOO, and an As
semblyman SBO,OOO for the allowance of $400,000 of
a claim made some time time ago by a contractor
named Devlin, for about $2,000,000. Further de
velopments In this matter are promised.
McDaniel, the owner of Harry Russet, replies
to the proposition of Mr. Gretton, the owner of
the English race-horse. Sterling, for a mile and a
half race in England, in 1872, Tor £IO.OOO, that he
(McDaniel), can only consent to having the race
take place In this country.
Alderman MUlsr. yesterday, won a foot race of
ten miles, from Broadway to Bay Side, Long
Island, beating John C. Keenan, for a stake” of
S2OO.
CONTESTED ELECTION DECIDED.
In the contest for member of tbe Assembly, be
tween Alexander Frvar and Frederick Kilian, the
Committee on Protest decide against Kilian. Tbe
latter was the candidate of the Reformers, while
Frear Is the Tammany candidate.
CANADIAN ANaBXATION.
The Colonial Annexation Society, composed of
British colonists residing in the United States,
met last night and passea resolutions in- favor of
annexation, and decided to communicate with
the colonistetof Chicago, Buffalo, and St. Louis,
and create a co-operative organization.
TWEED'S FRIENDS,
Morgan Joses, for many years a leading Tam
maxnite, said yesterday that ho felt sure that,
if Tweed should foil to see the necessity for hls
retirement, the prominent men of tbe party will
feel a necessity for enforcing hls retirement, by
all legitimate means.”
Sweeney baa been obliged to resign as a mem
ber of tbe Union Club.
Mayor Hall has not yet acted upon the request
for his resignation.
The owner of the steamer Florida has addressed
a despatch to tbe Secretary of the Navy, stating
that ho has sent instructions to 8L Thomas, or
dering the Florida to set soil, at all hazards, and
asking the protection of the department.
DEATH.
C, B. Woodruff, an ez-Senator, died here yes
terday.
Special Despatch to The (.Cdeego Ttfbuae.
THE KENTUCKY WAR CLAIM.
Washington, Nov. 34.—Attorney General Aker
man, Solicitor General Bristow, and Assistant
Attorney General Hill all spoke in the Supreme
Court to-day against the authority of the court
to issue a mandamus compelling Secretary Bout*
well to sign a warrant for the Kentucky war
claims.
Solicitor Bonfleld reports to ths Secretary of the
Treasury that the number of suits for the year
against defaulting officers, or their bonds, and
for fines, penalties, Ac was 3,116, and the amount
involved $12,500,000. Four hundred and ninoty
three suits were decided in favor of
the United States, and twouty-flve
against. Three hundred and eighty-seven
were settled and dismissed. With those pending
at the beglnlng of the year 9,804 suits were dis
posed of, and the whole amount collected
$1,330,000, against $477,000, last year.
THE FINANCE COUUITTBB'S SESSIONS.
It appears that the sessions of the Finance
Committee were not harmonious. They were
characterized by discussions which demonstrated
that the members thereof were at variance In
their opinions of the existing tariff laws, and the
manner ifi which they should ho amended. In the
absence of any agreement as to what specific
commodities should bo relieved, it was the in
formal understanding that the eommittce should
make no report to the Senate, but should rather
wait until tho Ways and Means Committee had
been announced in tho House, and then consult
with tho latter as to a reduction of 10 per oeut
on imports of all kinds.
[To tho Associated Press
CATACAZY SUSPENDED.
Washington, Nov. 24.—Tho management of tho
Russian legation passed to-day from Cataeazy
to General Gorloff, whose residence has been at
Hartford as military attache of legation. This
gentleman will bo very acceptable to the exoeu
live authorities in his new position. This
change relieves tho President of tno unpleasant
duty which Catacazy'e conduct had otherwise
made a necessity, of sending his passport to the
Minister, and may be regarded as a practical com
pliance with the request of this government for
his recall. It is understood that Cataoazy has
been ordered by bis government to wait upon tho
Grand Duke during ills tear iu this country, and
to return to Russia immediately on Its close.
General Scbofleld’s Ultimatum With the
Arizona Apaches—Peace or aa _
tioa—Arrival ot Alleged m4fip^ CPl _!jfhe
Grifti Turner* Ortta Breach \>f Promise
ttplt.
San Francisco, Cal., Nov. 23.—General Soho-
Sa!^u^
Uunslaoinst Gftopao between
going on a reservation, being protected and fed,
and remalnlng'tbere, dr Extermination. Tho order
meets with film approval in San Francisco, as it
is believed that, It It la carried out. It will settle
the question, and give lasting peace to tho Terri
l°i?igbt Marquesas Islanders, alleged mutineers
from tho crew of tho whaling bark Roman, of
Newfoundland, were brought hero from Tahiti?
Islands, this week, for trial, but tbo
Captain bus goiio .iAsi, anil, probably, there will
be no prosecution.
The weather continue* extremely hot and dry.
The trial of the great breach of promise aud
seduction suit of Miss Leata K. Turner, formerly
b school teacher, and subsequently *n employe
in the United Slates Mint here, and more recently
in tho Treasury Department at Washington, a
daughter of Admiral Turner, of the United States
navy, against Bonor Calidoao Ortis, a banker of
Hernioslllo, Mexico, divides public attention with
with the Hawes contested will csss. Tho plain
tiff claims to have been seduced under a promise
of marriage, while acting as governess for bis
children, aud that their criminal intimacy contin
ued for several years, there and In this city. She
claims sioo.(ko damages.
Official Blectien Batoras-Slcighlng-The
Park-Packing Season at «priagfiold—
Governor Palmer’s Health.
Special Despatch to Ths Chi os go Tribune.
Springfield, Nov. 24,—Official abstracts of tho
vote east at the late election have been received
by tha Secretary of State from all the oountlca
except Lawrence, Tha total vote, without this
county, amounts to 253,904, Beveridge's majority
bt Thf slekfhinc 1* splendid, and our citizens are
enjoying this, for them, rare treat.
Pork packing will commence hero on Monday
next. Lamb Co. are new paying $3 and f3.50
per hundred pounds.
Goternor Palmer was much worse yesterday,
but Is reported better to-day.
Thomas Sweeny, the Chicago diamond thlof, 1
who cf caped from the Illinois Penitentiary some 1
months ago, wos arrested at St. Louis and taken 3
to Joliet on Thursday night In charge of on ofli- 1
ccr. 1
—Details of the Wiokenburg, Arizona, massacre,
leave no possible doubt that F. W. Lorlng, of
Wheeler’s expedition, was killed by the Apaches,
—The Arizona Citisen states that the latest In
formation leaves no doubt that Cochise is at Can
ada Alamso. _ A
—A despatch from Scranton, Pa., says that a
portion of Olive street sunk several inches on
Thursday morning. In consequence of the oave-ln
of the Pine Brook shaft. Considerable excite
ment exists, as many houses are twisted out of
shape, their foundations bavlug cracked open.
—There are no additional cases of cholera in
Halifax. The diseased district is kept in strict
quarantine. The old Health Oflloer had been re
moved and another appointed.
—C. R. Armstrong, Postmaster at East Liver
pool, Ohio, was arrested and taken te Cleveland
yesterday, at the instance of Special Agent Bald
win, of the Post Olllce Department, charged with
withholding money order funds. He was hold
to ball by United States Commissioner White in
the sum of *1.500 to answer at tho January term
of the United States Court. Mr. Baldwin as
sured a gentleman in tho service that offences of
this kind would be prosecuted with extreme
rigor hereafter. _
—The number lost by the burning of tho City of
New Loudon will probably reach twenty-one or
twenty-two. _
—The Ohio Democratic State Central Commit
tee was in session at Olumbus yesterday. Geo.
H. Pcmllcton, Geo. W. Morgan, and Senator
Thurmt.n were present. The Unsocial manage
ment of the fslfcampalgn was reviewed, and toe
committee adjourned to meet a gain on the 23d ox
February next.
—Admiral Sands. Superintendent of the Naval
Observatory at Washington, says that on the
evening of the 10th insc. Professors Darkness
and Hale, attached to the Observatory, succeeded
In dissevering the spectrum of Euokes* comet.
Professor Darkness thinks that the comet con
sists simply of a sloud of glowing gas.
—Tho Boston Traveller states that the rumowof
heavy forgeries on State street are confirmed. The
name forged ts that of Hon. John J. Clarke. The
endorser of the notes Is J. A. Hanson. The for
geries amount to *31,000. Tho papers are In the
hands of parties on the street and in the banks.
—The saw mill and shingle mfll of Alexander
McFarland, which was burned at Flint, Micb.,
on Tuesday, tbo 21st, was much more extensive
than was at first reported. This fire Is the third
that has burned oat Mr. McFarland slnee hs has
be«-n located at Flint. It was doubtless the re
su't cf accident, as the men were at work
in the mill at the time. His loss is stated as fol
lows: On mill and machinery, about 180 000;
about 2,000.000 feet of lumber and other property,
$40,000 to 150,000. Total loss, $75,009, on which there
was no insurance.
—Tho steamer Andy Johnson sank on Thurs
day, thirteen miles below Quincy. The Captain
reports that he was on the texas of the boat when
notified that she was filling with water, bat he
bad felt no shosk. He immediately ordered tho
boat run on a bar close at hand, and at onoo un
dertook to stoptho hole in the boat’s hull with
bod-clothing. This proved unsuccessful, how
ever, and before tho boat could reach the bar,
she sunk in six feet of water. 6he had a large
freight, and many passengers. The latter re
mained on the boat until Friday morning. The
Captain will endeavor to save tho boat; out, as
tho ice is floating heavily in the river, there is
very llltlo hope. Tho Andy Johnson was one of
i the finest boats of ths McCune line, and valued
at $70.0c0.
—H'ne. arrested In San Frsncisoo for tho rob
bery of tbo National Bank of Great Barrington,
Mass., confesses everything. Ho will bo taken
buck immediately for trial.
—lt is currently reported that the Stockton
Copperopolis and Stockton Visalia Railroads
have been sold to the Central Pacific, which
with the exception of the short line in Los Ange
los County, now owns every railroad In Califor
nia.
ANOTHER HEAVY FRAUD.
PROPOSED HORSE RACE.
A FOOT RACE.
SWEENEY.
HALL.
THE FLORIDA.
WASHINGTON.
SUITS AGAINST DEFAULTERS.
PACEFIC COAST,
ILLINOIS.
Tclegrophie Brevities*
FOREIGN.
The Prince of Wales Seriously
Tbe Xondon Times Predicts
Grant's Bcnominatlon and
£leetionc
Bemoutration* in Paris in Fffvor of the
Ex-Emperor Hapoleom-
Crtsi Britain.
London, Nov. 24.—There was a Fenian' pro
cession and meeting la Cork, last night, in ktonor
of the martyrs of Manchester, In which someAOOO
people took part. The proceedings were orderly.
The condition of the Prince of Wales is no bet
ter this morning, and apprehensions of an
vorable torn; are expressed, especially as It Is re
membered that Prince Albert, his father, died of
a similar complaint, after a sudden attack and a
brief illness. Rumors on Change are that his
cose is worse than represented.
The Xtmcs to-day. In a leading editorial, do
clares its belief that Grant’s rt-eleotlonis certain.
Subscriptions to the Chicago Belief Fund at the
Mansion House, during the present week, will
swell the total to £49,000.
It is now certain that eight persons lost their
lives by the explosion of tbe colliery at Wigan, a
week ago last Wednesday. J
The ship Nonpareil, wush left Bombay July
13, for New York, foundered at sea, and oil but
three of the crew were drowned.
London,, Nov. 24.—'The Times grounds its belief
inthe re-cleetlon of Grant, because of the fact
that ho has brought about a reconciliation of
the United States with England,
and has effected a reduction of the
national debt. It continues In terms of the high
est praise of President Grant, and declares that
liis conssat to hold office is a benefit to his coun
try, and expects a million and a naif of votes in
Us favor at the Presidential election.
John Ruskin has been elected Sector of the
University ol St. Andrews.
Belgium*
Brussels, Nov. 24.—The action of the Chamber
of Representatives, yesterday. In voting to sup
port the government appointment of M.Do Deck
er to be Governor of the Province of Limburg,
gave rise to another exciting debate to.day.
During the discussion a member of the Left de
manded that the Ministry tender their resigna
tions.
The Independent* Beige, to-day, says it has rea
son to believe that the Government of France has
notified thatof England of iteintention to termi
nate the international commercial treaty.
The Chamber finally adjourned until Tuesday
next. Subsequently a moo assembled before the
residence of Nothom, member of the Right, who
made himself particularly obnoxious tu support
ing the appointment of Si. de Decker, and be
came very disorderly, their actions culminating
in The smashing of the windows of the house. So
violent were the manifestations of the mob, that
an alarm was sounded, and the olvio guard mus
tered in strong force. There are fears of serious
disturbances.
Prance*
Paris, Nov. 54.—Thiers received tho Chinese
Embassy yesterday evening. The Chief Ambassa
dor expressed a hope that the treaty relations be
tween Franco and China would be maintained, to
which Thiers rsplied; Your Government must
give proof that our missionaries and Consuls are
respected. This is absolutely necessary for the
preservation of peace between France and Chi
na.” The President’s tone was emphatic. The
Ambassadors withdrew deeply impressed.
Paris, Not. 24.—A largo number of sympa
thizes with the ex-Xmperor Napoleon to-uay
made a demonstration iu bis honor. They tra
versed the Fubourg Bulat Germain with shouts of
Tire Napoleon t No attempt was made by tho po
lice to interfere with tho demonstration.
Germany*
Berlin, Not. 24.—The commission to-day re
ported to tho Reichstag a scheme for the main
tenance of tho army. They estimate the animal
expenditure for tho regular troops, based upon a
force of 41.669 men, exclusive of officers, at about
1*0,363,000 thalers, and recommend tho appropria
tion of 225 thalers per head for that number of
enlisted men for tue ensuing three years. Par
liament has not yet taken action upon the sub
ject.
Italy.
New York, Not. 24.—A London special to tho
World says: “A distinguished Cardinal author
izes tli&.Btatcment that the- Pope will not leavv*
Rome unless ho is compelled, to do so by physical
force or personal violence*
tpsin.
Madrid, >»ov. 24-.—-The
answers which have been muSI to nSSfUV
inquiries show that Great ts*«~V pp Tate
•eivo favorably from Spain
UtuUon of Gibraltar. proposals for tho rss-
Austria*
Vienna, Nov. 24.—Prince Anersporg has suc
ceeded in forming a now Ceslelthlan Ministry.
The Cabinet is now completed, and composed as
follows: President of tbo Council, Prince Aucrs
>erg: Minister of the Interior, Lasscr; Minister
of Commerce, Prixtls; Minister of Agriculture,
Borohan; Minister of War, CUlumetzki; Minister
Glaser; Minister of Instruction and
cvlvcdT Minister of Finance, Pienor.
1 n nnmfta viu waII rn-
movements of Prince Alexis*
Annapolis, Nov. 31— The Grand Duke Alexis
and suite, accompanied by Secretary Robeson,
arrived bero at 10 o'clock a. ra. Owing to the
storm but fow persons gathered at tbo depot.
Tbe Prince and party entered a carriage and
were driven to tbo naval grounds. They were rc
criveu oy a battalion of murines with the order
of present arms, tbo band stationed an tbo right
playing thd Kulii* ll aatlonal air. and at the same
lime a saluio of 31 guns was
fired from a battery on the play
ground. The party were received at the Super
intendent's quarters by Commodore Worden. The
Prince was introduced by Secretary Robeson.
'J he visitors then proceeded to tho parade ground
I where tbo cadets went through the usual military
I drill and parade, and saluted the Duke as they
1 marched past. The parade being over, the gun
ship Santee was visited, where another national
salute of 91 guns was fired. After pass
ing tho shipyards they Inspected
the various departments of the academy. In Che
I Ordnance Museum the battle-flags captured in
I Corea were objects of special interest. Tho
I inspection of tbe departments being over, at 19:30
I p. m. they returned to tho quarters of the sum-
I mandcr. Here a large party bad assembled, and
I the guests were invited to partake of a collation.
I Alexis responded to the toast to the Emperor of
I Russia by one to tbe President of tbo United*
I Slates Admiral Foisset responded to »toast to
I tbe Russian Navy with tho following:
I “Tho prosperity of the remarkable lustltut on
I we have Just Inspected—may it tontlnne its great
I usefulness, and produce more man like F.trragut.
I Porter, and Worden, to adorn their country's uls-
I °l&oDnko and party loft at 3 o'clock for Now
I York, where tho Grand Duke will remain until
I about December 6, when he will visit Boston,
I Albany. Montreal, and then proceed West, after
which ho will visit some of the Southern States.
MONETARY.
Friday Evening, Not. 24.
Nearly all the banks still report large deposits,
and the aggregate amount held by them to be
increasing rather than diminishing. We have
seen tho footings of the general accounts of a
number of the banks. during the past fow days,
and find this to be generally the case. Large
amounts of Insurance are being paid, and tbs
pork packers who are poshing on Eastern ac
count ars moving funds from New Tork here, to
be paid out for hogs during the next few weeks.
But it cannot be expected that this easy sonditlon
of things will last; there has been an enormous
loss of capital here, and unless new men
with additional capital come In to transact the
business that will be done here, there most bo a
pinch for ready meney some time between this
und next spring. Thus far, however, the paper
maturing at tho banks has been paid with re
markable promptness. As noar as wo can esti
mate, from tbe experience of five or six banks,
theaggregate amount of loans of all tbe banks
haw outstanding. Is about one-third less than It
was on October?. Since October IT the banks
have taken new paper to an amount equal to
about one-filth of what they had outstanding be
fore tbe fire, showing that one-half of the loans
outstanding on Oetober 7 have been paid.
Exchange was sold-between banks to-day at
par. and also at 600 per fl.ooo discount. The
amount on tho market seems to be increasing.
In another part of the paper will be found the
statement of the German Savings Bank, of this
city. Tbe fact that this institution, which only
began business In October, 1870, bad accumulated
saving deposits to tho omount of 5630.351 Just he
-1 fore the fire, shows the rapid growth of the
i savings bank business daring the last year la
i this city. The deposits in the “German” •rare
I $636,346 on November 31. shoving that the fire
1 caused but little money to bo drawn out. In this
respect tho experience of all the principal savings
bonks was the tame.
INSURANCE.
Tbe following, to the holders of policies in the
suspended companies,” has beta handed us for
publication:
Tbe undersigned, a committee appointed at a meet
ing of holders of policies in suspended companies In
Chicago and elsewhere, have undertaken to ascertain,
at nearly as possible, tho extent ol the losses of each
company, the valoo of Us assets, and to compel the
immediate conversion of snch assets into money, and
the application of It upon the either by the
action of the company or of tho bankrupt or other
courts. To that end every policy-holder in such com
panies Is requested to present ms polley, and a atato-
I meat of the time when he made proofs of loss, to ths
I undersigned, on tbe southeast earner of Monroe
I street and Fifth avenue, on Monday,
I the 27th of November, and thereafter.
where some psrton on behalf of ths committee will
I be present to register and receipt for the policy. H»
I willhe expected to sign apowerof attorney, prepared
by the committee, authorizing tbe adjustment of
I tiia loss, and any action on ths part of tbe committee
which it may deem for the Interest of the policy-hold-
I era. United and general action is necessary to enable
I the oaznmlttee to act effectively.
George armour, Nathan Hears,
I w. o. Hibbard, h. G. powers,
L H. A. KOH.V, It. Z. LETTER,
f C. M. HRNDKBSOS, C. P. KELLOGO,
j D. A. JONES, C. B. PAR WELL,
We hare maintained from the first that some
organisation on the part of policy-holders lathe
suspended companies was necessary before satis
factory settlements could be made. The basis
of settlement presented by the companies gen
erally, In their statements of assets and Uablli
tiss,ls so different from what people expected
that, even it these statements are correct, there
trill be ns satisfaction in taking a leap in the
dark,” by settling at whatever the company pro
poses to give. If tbo suspended companies,
which are yet offering to compromise, are offer-
Imr—as they say they arc—to pay all
that their assets are worth, they
I should be clad that a committee in
I whom the policy-holders generally have confi
dence has been appointed. There are a doaen
companies that proless to be very anxious to set
-1 tie with their policy-holders at from 250 to 350 on
the dollar, and declare.at the same time that this
I is mure than the policy-holders can get in any
I other way. If these declarations are true, these
I ct mpanies should not hesitate to go at once be-
I or c such a committee as Is referred to above.
1 The committee will, no doubt* endorse their state-
menu at one© and tbo settlements which tho
companies profess to bo ao anxious to make will
be greatly expedited.
In record to policies in companies in the hands
of Receivers, and also In bankruptcy, the services
of a committee in whom tbo policy-holders have
confidence, will be of groat benefit The commit
tee Ha\ ing supervision, on behalf of the policy,
holders, of the settlement of a dozen or more
companies by Receivers, can soon tell by compari
sons which Receivers are performing their duty
faithfully and which arc not; In abort, the more
ills thought of. the more it will be seen that an
nrganicatlon of policy-holders is necessary.
The losses of the “Aurora,” of this State, and
the “German,” of Cleveland, are being adjusted
by Mr. J. B. Hall, the. Secretary of tha Aurora,
who offers, we understand, twenty-five cents on
the dollar. We have heard great dissatisfaction
expressed at this offer by parties who believe
both companies can pay a good deal more. Here
Is a chance for the Insurance Committee If tho
policy-holders in these companies will call upon
them, the committee can doubtless find out In a
day or two whether or not the statement of as
sets were exaggerated, —as those of insurance
companies generally were,—before tho fire, *nd
if so bow much; and also whether the losses are
exaggerated by fair* claims or otherwise. Wo
print, the following letter from »policy-holder
whoprofesses to know something of the losses of
these companies;
To (he Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Policy-holders In the German, of Cleveland, Ohio
and the Aurora, of this State, should not, under any
circumstances, accent the 2S per cent offered by them,
simply because the assets ot the German, on the Ist of
October, 1871. were $299,0c0 while their total losses were
not over s44o,ooo.—Chicago losses being Scc.OOO, and’
Michigan and Wisconsin losses $80,00^; and toe assets
of the aurora Company, on the Ist ef October, *7l,
were $235,1X0, while their 'oases were not over $900,000,
—Chicago, M lehlgan. and Wisconsin complete.
These figures can be- relied upon as correct, while
salvage and policies which were reinsured by them la
other companies, would reduce tfivm still more. In the
case of the Liunar. the* slockhokters, under tho Ohio
laW, arc individually liable for double the amount of
their stock, and, as the stock is held by wealthy par
ties (the President alone holding S#M)OO of it), there 1s
so reason, in law and in lacr, why Ihelr’policle* are not
worth 100 cents on the dollar.
The Aurora, can, and should, bo made to pay 60 to 60
percent; and.oven then, they would have capital
enoughjeft to start a bank.if not an insurance company.'
The figures given above'do not. of course, corre
spond with the outrageoustywoked-up statement et thsir
adjuster, but can be relied’ upon as nearly correct
and poller-holders can see- at*a- glance that It Is not
lor their interest to accept- any such compromise Es
thete companies offer.
These companies should be made to show sworn
statements of lb*lr assets at th e time of the fire
•worn staten.eats of losses,-,with lists of losses
detail, giving losers’ name* sndi amounts of loss.
These statements can be examined by tho Insurance
Committee,and• they/not ther company, decidh
whst amount should be p*liL -Then, If the companies
persist in the dishonorable course they have mapr«l
out, they ski nld be put In to-bankruptcy at onoo Thsv
may teh you this la what they want, but this la all*
dune to scare the policy-holders. POLicr.HQi.nßtt-.
Chicago, it or. 3.
LATEST.
New York. Not. 34 Affeln in Wall street
wefo dull to-day and tba-dilterent markets were
devoid of any special feature of interest. Gold.
opened 110 7-Balll, sold op-tofill 1-8, and olosod at
the opening prices. Loans were from Ito par
cent. Clearings, $24,500, 000*
The Government bond’ market was quick and
firm at the close. The supply of nearly all bonds
is smell and some issues are positively scarce.
The stock market was generally dull through
out the day. The course of speculation wat quite
irregular, pi Ices being alternately weak, and
strong. Tbe extreme fluctuations were compass
ed within 1-4 to 11-4 per cent, being tbe smallest
ln£ile, Reading, Pittsburgh, and Roek .Island,
and greatest in-Northwestern, Union Pacific,
Ohio A Wabash, St. Paul (cammonV
andN. J. Central. At tho close tho principal
movemeut was In Northwestern (common), tbfr
niaiket closing- dull.and firm.
Money easy at 6a6 per cent.
Southern State securities, 00 the last call, ware
firm, especially in Missomisand BcatirCarolSoaa.
Sterling, M»»
Governments:
Coupe, ’6k, Jl7 5-6 I Coups, ’GI Jl4 5-4
Coups, 1115-8] Coups, 114 1-4
Coups, *64 ..JU 1-4 KMOs 109 5-4
count, 65 ill 3-41 -8
New.... Jl4 I
State bonds:
Missouri .t7 1 Virginia, old 64
Tennessee, old. 651-4 ]N. Carolina, 01d..... 371-2
2 ennessee, nwr 64 7-8 N. Carolina, 5&w.... 20
Virginia, ora .70 j
Stocks closed:
Canton 691-4 N.J. 0.. 1101-2
Western Union 6778 St Paul..*. 661-2
Quicksilver 24 7-8 Dopfil. 78 n
Adams Express 847-8 Wabash.. 641*2.
Wells A Fargo 6a ,I>o pfA. eo
American 69 Fort Wayne 9&
United States 87 Terre Haute i«
Pacific Ma1t......... 48 7-8% ‘Ho p1d..... 53
New York Central.. 92 8.8- Chicago A Alton... Jig
N. Y. Central Scrip. 87 X "Dopfd. 13>’
Erie »7-fr O. A M
lErie pfd, 64 C..C. AC Ml-2
Harlem Kb C., B. A Q .‘...121
Bazlen, pfd. J2l Lake Sborrc. 27 7-8
Heading..... U2 5-& Indiana Central,... is g.g
Mich. Cent ÜBl-S Illinois Central... m
Pittsburgh 127 r Uukm Pacific •A 1 o
Northwestern 81IA C. P. bonds.. o« iS
iS M Centra M
MARKETS BY TEtS&KAPH.
Fsr«ls» Markets,
*4—5:00 p. m.—Consols, 93 1-2;
iSSSTS* 91 d 0 MW? do 'O7, 94 5-8;
ude petroleum 12rvl3d. Whale oil, 35a. Lin
seed oil, £S4lss. Linseed cakes, £lolss lid.
Frankfort, Not. 34—6:00 p. m.—Bonds of ’62,
97 1-4*97 3-8.
Paris, Not. 24.—Rentes, 66f 800. Spools in Bank
of France has increased soo,ooof.
Liverpool. Not 24.—Cotum strong; middling
upland, 9 5-8 d; Orleans, 9 7-SaiOd; sales to-day
18,000 bales; speculation and export,6.ooo bales;
tales for tho veek, 111,000 b ties; exp* rta do, 12,000
bales; speculation do, 20,000 bales; stock, 526,000
bales; American, 74,000 bales. Receipts for the
week,75.000 bales; American. 24.000 bales. Ac
tual exports, 10,000 bales. Stock afloat. 3G9.000
halos; American, 124.000 bales. Sales on ship
named, at Savannah or Charleston, at 9 5-Bd.
Manchester advices more favorable, and cause
activity In the oottoa market.
Brcadstufis quiet. Red winter wheat, lls 10d.
Receipts wheat for thormst three days, 40,000 qr;
American, 32.500 qr. Flour, 35sa30s.
Peas. 4ls cd.
Lard, 46s 9d. _
TTUIOWi *7B ou;
Clover seed, 58s sdaflos.
New York Xjive Slock Rfarkeb
New York, Nov. 24.—Beeves received fo-day,
1,600, making the heavy total of 9,950 this week.
A rain storm and poor quality operate against
tbe market, and prices are nearly one cent lower
than on Monday, while many lots won't sell at
nil. The great oulk. rather ordinary cattle, sell
at OalOc, very few above 110, and soma Western
at 8 i-2c, with Texas at 70, making this one of she
hardest of markets: 4 cars moan4so-lb Texans sold
ut 131 each; 4 cars Illinois, 51-9 owt., at 8 l-3a90 i
3 cars. 1,160 lbs gross, at 9 l-2c, 60 lbs per owt.: 6
cars Kentucky, 8 owt., otlOallc; 6 cars Virginia,
f ewt., at loc.
Sheen—s,Boo to-day, and 21,800 this week. Mar
ket dull; few selling: prices as yesterday. Car
Ohio, 90 ibe, 5 l-4c; deck, 78 lbs, 50.
Hogs—ll.ooo, making 47.200 for week. Live sold
at $4.66a4.f>9, for 3 curs Ohio. Dressed are weaker,
or 5 i-2o for heavy, tie for medium, and C l-4o for
light.
Albany Live Slock market*
Aldant, Nov. 21.—The supply of cattlo num
bers 857, as tho gross receipts of last week. Tho
average quality Is full ns good. Tho market
opened dull at a decline of fully l-20. Tho highest
pike realized was 10.40 for choice Illinois, 1,386
tbe. Good butchering steers sold down to 6 1-40,
and common coorso stock to 20. Nothing doing In
milch cows.
Tho market for sheen and lambs Is dull; aver
age quality of Inmbs improved, but sheep not so
good as last week. Sheep, 4a5 3-4o; lambs, 51-2 a
G S-lc for fair to good, and 7o for extra.
Tbe market for live bogs Is active at a decline:
State, f4.C0a4.75; Western, f4.7505.00, with sales of
2,000.
Bnfflo Live Stock market.
Buffalo, Nov. 21.—Cattle—Receipts, 26 cars,
sent forward in first bands; no sales. Sheep-
Receipts, 412; market doll and bard. Bulk of
stock sent Eastward at first hands. Sales 219
Michigan sheep, 84 lbs, atf4.25;113 Ohio, aver
aging 79 lbs, at f4.00.
iloos—Receipts, 9,723, Market dull, under
heavy receipts. Prices l-8o lower. Good many
unsold. Sales at f3.90a4.30 for common to fair.
Krdiu Cily JLIvo Stsck Market.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Trlbuno.H
Kansas Crrr, Nor. 24.—Cattle—Receipts. 353
head; shipped to Chli*nc». 20 cars—3s6 head; to
St. Louis, locars—l73 head. Sold 40 Cherokecs,
nr« i aging 970 lbs, 13.05; 100 Texans, averaging
007 Urn. 91.76.
Hogs—Received by rail, 763 head: at packing
house*. 1,354 head. Sales 46 head, averaging 301
lbs, 13.76; 90 head, averaging 291 lbs, at 13.70.
Slaughtered, 1,375.
Hew Tork Dry Goads Market.
New York, Not. a.—Dry goods market steady,
the changes being very sllrht Continental C
brown sheetings arc reduced to 131-2 c; Appleton
N do, 10 8-40; Indian Orchard C, 12c; Newmarket
A, lil-2o; Amoskeag fl brown Canton llanaels,
lCc;Tren)oatT d 0,14 Mo; do A do, 16c; Naumkeag
A bleached do, 16c; Newmarket A bleached mus
lins, 12 i-2c; do W d*. 16c; Ocean L do. l4o; HUi’s
Stmper Idem, ite: Foresidalo do, 161-2. Greene
G are reduced to IX l-2c. All leading brands of
paper cambrics are lie fsr plain and 120 for high
eofora. Paste styles of delaines aro telling at
IT l-2e, while desirable styles command 200. Fan
ryprints.ll l-2o; Harters Swiss and rubles, 120;
Merrimao robes, Ul2o; Manchester do, 12c;
Comelion linsejs, 2tl-2o: Boston stripes. 10a
loi-2e; Washington cambrics, 6 l-20, and 9 l-ac for
common to high colors.
The Pradnce Markets.
NEW YORK.
New Toe*. Not. ai.— Cotton—ln fair de
mand and hljthar; middling upland, 190.
Brjumtuffs—Flour dull and lower; receipts,
7,000 brla; super Western and State, 15.80a6.15;
common to medium extra, t&Ssa&ts: good to
choice, t7.G0a7.15; white wheat extra, 17.i5a7 30:
extra Ohio, |6.55aT.16; St Louie, 16.75a9.25. Bye
flour quiet at ti.60a5.a5. Com meal unchanged.
Wheat dull and a (bade lower; receipts, 158,000
bu: No. l spring doll at 11.55: No. 2 dml at t1.49a
162; winter red Western dullattl.6oal.64; am*
her, ti.G5a1.67; white, f1.63a1.75. Bye nominal at
9Sa94c. Barley and malt unchanged. Com dull
and lower; receipts, 116,000 bu; Western mixed,
afloat, 78a78 l*2c; new do, 76a77a Oats active but
scarcely so firm; receipts. 97,000 bu; Western and
Ohio. Goas3 l-2e; choice white, Sso.
Hat aud Hops—Unchanged.
Gbocemes—Coffee steady; Bio, IS l*3alß Wo.
Sugar in lair demand and firm; fair to good ro-
l*4a9 5-8o Cuba, 9a9 7*B«. Molasses low*
er; New Orleans, 60aGSo.
Fstbolbuh—Crude, 13 l*4c; refined, 230.
Tuapnaxntn—Dull; 670.
PnoTißioSS-Pork steady; mess, t13.90a1t.00.
Beef—Cut meats unchanged; middles active;
long clear, 7 3-4o for December, 8o short clear;
8 3-40 December; 8o short rib; 8o long and short
clear for December 17 3-4aß i-8o; do for January,
7 3-4a7 7-80. Lard dull; No. 1 prime steam, 9591-3o;
kettle 9 l-2o December. 9 3-8o; February. »3-80.
Burma —Steady; Western, 13a330; Stain 3la
380.
Chsssb—Dull at Hallo.
Eggs—Steady at 33a350.
WHiaxar—Steady at Me.
MILWAUKEE. _
Mh-waukeb, Not. at. —Banxi>sxcyw--Flour
steady and unchanged. Wheat in light, demand,
but held firm; No. 1, t1.23; No. a, H.W 1-2. Oata
steady; No. 2.321-tc. Com easier; No. 2 mixed,
iso. Bye steady; No. 1,630. Barley dull and un
settled; No. 3,601-20.
tHocs—Steady at »7Bat.M,
freights—’ To Buffalo, 110 ;to Oswego, 160.
Kecbhts— Flour, 5,000 brie; wheat. 36,000 bu.
SnrrMK.NTS.—Flour. 6,000 brla wheat, 40,000 bu.
St.'LOUia
Bt. Louis* Not. 24.—Coitoh—Firm; 17 5-4 C.
Bukadstutfs —Flour is good demand, espe
cially lot medium grades; prices unchanged.
Wheat light in demand; No 8 red, $1.40a143; No. 9,
slsl. mixed, rn tract, 45*45 1-le;
yeUo'.v, sacks, 55c. Qf\t9-K>tezings light; holders
rery firm; mixed moltb, 41a43c. Barley un
changed; WaCOo for lowa spring. Eya firm; No.
2, 7Sa74c.
Whiskey—Steady atßo l-2e.'"~.-'
Pbotxsioss—Port quiet; Jobbing lots, cash,
112.75; seller February, $13.00. -Bulk meats quiet;
order lots. 10 and 15 days in salt, shoulders, 9 l-l
s i-2c; clear rib, C I*4a6 i-2c; clear sides, 8 3-tc.
Bacon In fair order demand; shoulders, 7 5-8 c;
clear rib, 7 l-2a7 5-8o; clear sides, >7 3-4o; sugar*
cured bains, liaise. Lard steady at 8 1-taS l-2c.
Hogs—Opened easier; some sales lower; closed
nnn at yesterday’s prices, 13.80a4.15.
Cattlb—Steady; good to choice, iaSc.
4,000 bu; wheat, 11,000 bu;
i Ms 3.000 bu; rye, 3,000 bu;
barley, 3,000; bogs, 8.500.
_ TOLEDO.
Toledo, Not. 24.—Breadstcpfs—Flour don
and unchanged. Wheat dull and lower; amber
Michigan, t1.42a1.43: No. 3 red, ijb. Com dull
high mixed, 60c; new, 60a50 i-2o UHow mixed, naw
49»-4a600; yellow,new, 6lc. Oaudull; Nel.src:
No. 3, 35 l-2a35 3*40. <0
Clovsb Bsed— -Michigan and Indiana, fs.m
Fsbights—Firm, vessels ssorce; to Buffalo C
a?c; to Oswego, laaiso.
Receipts—flour, 3,000 brls; wheat, 6,000 bn
corn, 37,000 ba; oato, 710 ba.
Bhipubkts—Floor, 935 brls; wheat. 350 ba:
corn, K.OOO ba; oats, 1,000 ba.
HEW ORLEANS.
ITrw Ohixaks, Not. 94.—BunanoT ui y 9 -Plonr
—Lower grader scarce; superfine, 15.50; doable
extra, 17.35; treble extra, 17.50. Com easier, at
C«a6B. Oats, 53c. Bras,sl.4o.
Hat—Prime, 188.00; choice, S4OXO.
PBOTisioys—Pork dull, held at $u.2S. Bacon
dull; held, shoulders, 7 Mo ;cleir'tb, 8c; clear,
T7-teße. <a°ico tugar-eursd hams, 15a15 1-Oc.
Lard dull; tierce, 9 3-4o; leg, 10 3-ialle.
Geocikib6—Sugar is good demand; Inferior-Ka
•0; common to good common, 0 i-ia7 l-2o; fain to
folly fair, 7 S-4a9 l-2e; prime to choice, 7 3-ia
11 l-4e. Molasses-In good demand inferior
anu atua l«saS0o; oonmsani 31a40o; fmr, 4ia46er
?rime, 47046 c; strictly prime to choice, 49&530
offe© above the views af- buyer*; fair beW? at
18ai81-2o; good, 181-Bal9c; prime, 191-4a!9 S-4<vOl
Ho>'ktaut—Sterling, eight. 1-4 discount:
gold,'ill.
Corroir—Market string.;. sales, 0,000 bales
good ordinary. 17 3-4 alB l-8c; low -i
alB l-2c middling, 18 5-4 c. Rosclpts, 11.709 hales
so exports; stock, 114,088;. week’s sales, 30/000;
receipts,sat,.33,9s3; gross,. 37,364. Exports—To
Liverp001,.?,755; to tho Continent, 8,659; soast
wise, 4,804:.
Wat Department- Weather Report.
TVashtsgton, Not. 2i>r-Re ports were received
at-the Signal Office, thia- morning, from
StPaul, and Toronto Can.,
indicating snew at these stations. At 4 o’clock
'this evsninr snow waa falling a* Mount TOwhing
rton, YC and Montreal Can.
barometer wlllprobablyrlse, with partially'
weather, oiu Saturday in the Southern
States,, and remain lav, with cloudy weather, in
>tho Cult States and Texas, a iaum S b*ron, A tAr
with c«»a*u« ir» New England, with
■brisk. southeast* winds veering. to
west on Saturday mornmg. UTKr
eontbnrosterly winds, will continue ta-night on
;tho lower lakes, with diminishing force* ana west
erly. winds, with partially oleody and
clearing weather, will probably prevail far
a short time on. Saturday. The falling
barometer and warm r&thin Oregonwillprobahly
•move eastward, preceded by extended; cloudy
and threatening weather on Saturday north and
Boxthwest of tbs Ohio Talley.
Cautionary signals continue for-this evening at
New York, New London, Boston* Portland; Oa-
I wego. and BulTalo.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
Masonic.
The board-for the.nelief of members of fraternity
of A. T. A. A, Uuoqs, hold sewdona from £a.,m. to an.
m. dally. at. their rtwins, Maeoato Temple tfpnrth floor)*
.corner Randolph ami IInl»tod-sta. brethren, ana
the wldt-WTB and orphans of i&ceiued brethren. wh«are
sufferer* by tho lire ol Bth and 9th Octabor, trill,.**on
due ap«UcaUoa. receive assistance.
DEWITT C. CttKalUß, Preslfeat,
JAirES MORISON, Saperlntesdent,
HENRY DUVALL v Socr«tarj\
WILEY M. EGAN, Treaaurvc.
Chicago, Nov, it, 187 L
Masonic.
William B. Wiuren Lodge, NO. 209. A. T. and A,
hi. Regular communlcathm this (Saturday) eve
ning at TJ o'clock, at Maaoulf Temple, cornet; of West
Randolph and Halsted-sta., fox- huainoss *n<i trork.
■Visitors cordially Invited.
By order of the W. M.
SAjCLC. SMITH. Sacretary.
TORS.
lit SACK,
%1 large stock of fine SF.IF
S.ICQUES, MUFFS, and
B OJIS, Just finished, and for
sale this (Saturday morn
ing.
MEW GOOES,
LATEST STYLE,
REASONABLE PRICES.
STRYKER CO.,
231 West Wadison-st.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
BOYS’ SUITS,
BOYS’ SUITS,
BOYS’ OVERCOATS,
BOYS’ OVERCOATS,
BOYS’ OVERCOATS.
Largest Stock, Lowest Prices,
At COLLINS’ CLOTHING PARLORS,
TOU Wabaih«ar.. aenr Sixtecnth-al.
PRIM TING.
HAZLITT REED,
Steam Job Printers,
10 KOBTH JEFFEBSO.VST.,
Northwestern Manufacturing Co.’s Building, Chicago.
REMOVAL.
REMOVAL
We have removed to
58 West Madison-st.
HALL’S SAFE 00.
FOR SAUL
For Sale*
8 12-Gallon Kettles, $1.25.
60 16-Gallon Kettles, 81.50.
20 18-Gallon Kettles. $1.75.
SO 20-Gallon Kettles, $2.26.
80 25-Gallon Kettles, $3 00. _
lO 1 1-2-Barrel Cauldron Kettles, 87.00.
12 2-Barrel Cauldron Kettles, 89.00.
25 3-Barrel Cauldron Kettles. 812.00.
100 Iron Tea Kettles, 7 in.. 40 Cents.
Pninnfl 45 per cent discount. Stock hardware loas
than coat. K. A. ALBABS, 89 North Kolstodat, Chi
cago
PAPER COLLARS.
Ve have now in store the largest and
most complete stock of ladies’ mad gents’
Paper Collars and Cuffc west of Now
York, for sals by the ease or in smallsr
quantities.
EAGLE COLLAR 00.,
233 Michigan-av.
IRON
BEDSTEADS.
The' Chicago Tron Bedstead Manufacturing Mo.
Temporarily located at eontbwest corner of
Van Boren and Dcsplalnee-st.
Wo are now executing large orders forpabllc Insti
tutions, Ac., In the West and Northwest, which are
giving universal satisfaction. All orders promptly
attended to. Dealers liberally dealt with.
r.rrtAT, notices.
NOTICE.
In the District Court of the United States, for the
Northern District of Illinois In the matter of Philip
Wadsworth, Gilbert R. Smith and Beni. B. W. Locke,
bankrupts, notice Is hereby given that the sale adjer.
Used to take place this date at No. H
to bo continued at the same place, SATURDAY, the
35th inat-, allO o’clock in thelorenoon
GKO. S. BOWEN, Assignee.
Chicago. November M. 1871. _
rzxas-rßoor
Insurance Company.
Wo tiko pleasnre In ackowledglns the prompt pay
ment of our lou by fire, covered by pollclea In the lir
erpool, London Globe Insurance Co, (without dia
count,) |15,367.00.
gITTH, WILLIAMS A 00.
BUFFALO FIRE MARINE
Insurance Company
JOHN C. GRAVES, Adjuster for this Company,
trill be at bis office. Boom 15, Clifton House, until
Monday ereniiig, Nor. 27. Etctt person baring
claims against this Company should present proofs
and call and czecnte forms in bankruptcy lor meeting
of creditors on the 12th of December.
SEWING MACHINES.
GOLD MEDAL
SEWING MACHINE.
The cheapest, simplest, and best Sowing jF
the market. Sold on monthly payments. Extractor
nary induccmenta to Agents.
GOLD MEDAL SEWING MACHINE,
39J West IBadVW'R*
3
DRYGOODS.
CIS. BH
SCO.
Are constantly In receipt of
fresh Goods in all departments,
enabling' them to offer at all
times the choicest selections of
Dress Fabrics, Silks, Cloak
and Trimming Velvets, Satins
and. Velours, Velvet, Seat and.
Cloth Cloaks, Suita in desirable
materials, Choice Purs, Broche
and Ottoman Shawls, Mourning
Goods, of some well-known, su
perior manufactures; Laces,
Embroideries, Ties, Scarfs,
Handkerchiefs, Linens,, and
[Housekeeping Goods, of all
kinds; Cloths, Suitings, Beav
ezs, Cloakings, Waterproofs,
Velveteens, Blankets, Flannels,
Etc., Etc., Eto. Also, foil lines
of the best English Hosiery and
i Underwear, Gloves, Scarfs, Mu
-1 bias, and other Emt Goods.
ChoaKs,' emits, and
iTuaeto to .order in the very beat
manner, under the- same well
known, experienced and skilful
superintendence as heretofore.
An inspection of style, qual-
and prices solicited.
235 and. 237'
WEST MDISOMT.
CLOTHING.
BOTS’
CLOTHING
IN CHEAT VARIETY.
THE LAEGEST STOCK
Good, Durable,
AND
Stylish Garments
IN THE WEST.
EDWARDS,
BLUETT 00.,
376 Stafc-st.,
45 47 W.iladison-st.
$3.0., 00D.
ka S b ße nCo»-.t l,,dt sf n
mediate Sale. It win 0 038
out within the next Sixty Days,
An early call will secure Great
Bargains.
lITITSWDRTH St CB..
197 199 West Madlson-st.
TEAS AND TOBACCO.
HIIM, CIICMIST k i,
Monroe-st, corner Wabash- av.,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
TEAS, TOBACCO,
Syrups and Spices.
Confining: ourselves, for the
present, to the sale of these Goods,
nc Invite the attention of onr cus
tomers and the trade to the
lAKCEST STOCK ever brought
to this market, which we offer on.
as favorable terms, and at 1,0 W
EK PRICES than any house west
of the Atlantic cities.
UACHINIR7.
WOOD, TABEB STOBSE,
BATON, MADISON COUNTY, N. Y„
MANUFACTURERS OF
Steam Engines,
Portable, Stationary Agricultural.
Hundreds In use In Shops, Printing Rooms, Mills,
Mines, and on Farms and Plantations, for Grain
Threshing. Food Cooking for Stock, Cotton Ginning
Bavins. Ac. sent on application-
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
For Grand Haven
AND MUSKEGON.
The Steamer ALPENA will leave for above-named
porta
Tills Saturday Evening, Sot. 25, at 7 p. m.
Office ana Dock., foot 8 Bt
For Green Bay.
The Steamer TKUEBDELI. will leave- for GBKEJf
BAY, MEN OMINEB, STURGEON BAY, eto
Sunday Eve’g, Nov. 26, at? o’clock.
Office and Docks, foot JUcklpm-aT. Harrrnpjont
T. 8. BBTUT. Snpt.
oasi
headlight
CARBON Olli.
17SO FIBE TEST. WHOLESALE BT
CORY, BARRETT HANNA,
OIL DRUG BROKERS,
Corner YneMgwn-av. and Adama-gt.
WATER-WHITE
CARBON OIL.
120® jlreXMt. I’or saleLy all groans. W6oU>««l»*r
COBY, BABEEXT HANNA,
OIL DRUB BROKERS,
Comer gyjgHL-.
INSTRUCTION.
Dylirenfurtli College.
Preparatory and High School for Boys,
Indies’ Seminary. Business College day and orem
log. Carried on with the samo system and corps of
Protestors aa before the fire, at the AURORA. TUR
jTER corner Mllwaukoe-ar. sad Secoad-st,
Prices greatly reduced.
i