PUGET SOUND.
The Hoad Across the Mountains,
PTOPHEETS’.
How the Land is Timbered,
Correspondence of The Chicago Tribune.
Olympia, Washington Territory, Oct. 30.
This town, the capital of Washington- Terri
tory, is situated ou Puget Sound, at its southern
extremity. ..From Sun Francisco it is easiest
reached by ocean steamer up the California and
Oregon* coast to Portland, and from Portland, or
rather from a point on the Columbia River, a
short distance below Portland, by stage across
the mountains, £5 miles over a rougher road
than will be encountered anywhere else in the
country. After leaving the Columbia, the first
ten miles of the route is through the deep sand
of the river-bed, In which the wheels of the
stage-coach slowly crunch and grind, with a
harsh, grating sound, that sets the traveller’s
teeth on edge varied by an occasional lunge
into chuck-boles, which crushes bis hat down
over his cars, if it does not send his head through
the roof, while, at the same moment, a volume
of dost is burled into his face and eyes, and,
mingling with the perspiration oozing from
every pore in the fiery heat, soon reduces the
woebegone passenger to the condition of a
nondescript.
But this part of the road is a Parisian boule
vard—smooth and unbroken, and watered down
at that—compared-to what the luckless wight
must traverse when the coach strikes the moun
tains. Ascents where all the passengers alight
and walk, while the toiling horses are scarce
able lo drag the empty vehicle to the summit,
and declivities where the double lock is put on,
os well as both brakes, are of no consequence,
but the plank road, as it is gravely termed by
tbe stage proprietors, is one of the most marvel
ous'specitneosl of ingenuity ever contrived to
administer torture to a hapless wayfarer. Im
mense three-cornered fence-rails, set upon edge
at intervals of six inches, bottomless sloughs on
cither side; briars, vines and underbrush
sweeping in at the windows; fallen trees, which
have to be removed from across the rood or driv
en around, with the imminent danger of an
overturn or a worse catastrophe, are incidents
of. the journey by which tho traveller reaches
Olympia, sad, forlorn and crest-fallen. 1
myself, still have a feeling sense of
the fatigue of the journey; but, as I am an
old traveller, and never like to parade my
grief, I only mention this melancholy exper
ience in order that visitors to Puget Sound
next season—and there will be thousands of
them—may know wbal a delightful contrast
to the highways of civilization is in store for
them at this portion of their journey.
The first night we stopped at Pmnpbreys*
Station, in the heart of the mountains. Every
body in this part of the country knows Pum
pbreys. He Is an old settler, and is married
to a' half-breed Indian woman, by whom be
has had several children. His farm is the
largest and the best-improved in tbe vicinity;
and bis boose, built of logs, with some modern
additions, is a regular frontier fortress, at
which hearty and free-handed hospitality i
dispensed.
It was about 8 o’clock in tho evening—the
air fresh and crisp, and betokening frost—
when tbe driver drew up in front of Humphreys’
house with a whoop and ajhalloo which brought
out a chorus of dogs and old Humphreys himself
to the door. An immense fire of pine-logs was
blazingin the huge, open fire-place; and, as the
benumbed travellers divested themselves of
shawls and’ great-coats, the odor of hot and
steaming viands, from an adjoining room,
greeted us; and at lost supper was announced
bv a bright, black-eyed quarter-breed Indian
girl.
After supper I ventured upon the hopeless
task of pumping old Pumphrejs upon the state
of the country; or, to put it more elegantly, of
interviewing him. It is a well-known fact that
white men, who have lived for a long time with
Indians, acquire their habits of taciturnity and
stoicism. From the moment wo entered his
house, our host bad been diligently smoking a
long pipe, and bad not uttered a single word,
except to ejaculate “Ugh!" when supper was
announced. I accosted him in*lhis wise
“You arc Mr. Pumphreya, I believe?”
Puff, puff, puff, and at last a nod of the head.
How long have you lived here?”
Alter an interval of some minutes, bis lips
slowly.partcd, while he still held his pipe in hia
teeth, and he said, in a long-drawn, guttural
tone, “Twenty.”
During the course of half an hour or so, I was
able to glean that be had settled in these forests
twenty years ago, had improved his property,
and, now that tbe Northern Pacific Railroad
was located through his place, expected to grow
suddenly rich. He slated that it had cost him
SIOO an acre to clear his land of timber, and
three acres of the most densely wooded coat
$125 an acre to cut down the immense pine trees
and grub np the stumps.
And such is the universal testimony of all
farmers in Washington Territory. The whole
country is covered with the hugest pine forests
in tbc world outside of Norway. Immense ce
dar and pine trees, 200 feet high, straight
and with scarcely a limb, stand
like cane in a cane-brake. The
ground, is covered witn decaying trunks, piled
up, in some localities, many feet in height;
while the undergrowth is so thick that a hare
cannot penetrate it. How is all this mass of
limber to bo got rid of? Even upon the imme
diate borders of Puget Sound, there is no con
stant market for even the finest tr.*cs; aud, bock
in the country, they arc absolutely valueless.
Cutting down even one tree three or four feet in
diameter is no child’s work; and? when there
score?, if not hundreds of such upon every
acre, tbc labor of clearing a farm can scarcely
be estimated. Fire is resorted to universally by
settlers; and, at Ibis season of the year tbe
whole country is filled with dense smoko evolv
ed from fires at various places in the moun
tains.
The land is said to be tolerably productive
but what kind of country is that for a former
to migrate to, when land, even if it could bo
got for nothing, can only be cleared
ut cost of SIOO an aero It is
my candid opinion tlul the proprietors of rail
roads leading to Puget Sound, in thair anxiety
to sell and settle up their lands, hare allowed
the public to labor under a wrong impression
ns to the character of the country. That the
climate is a desirable one is true, although it
rains nearly the eutire winter; but the extent of
the forests of pine, cedar, and fir is almost be
yond imagination. 1 wonder if Bryant had
ever been in this couulry when he wrote, forty
years ago—
Lose thyself iu the continuous woods
Where rolls the Oregon, and hear* no sound
Save Ua own dashings."
For do description of the country could be
more proper.
Hundreds of emigrants from the older States
are arriving upon the borders ol Paget Sound
every month, nine-tenths of whom return dis
gusted and sick at heart.
The stage-driver pointed out n miserable
clearing of about twenty acres in the pine
woods—a doleful, dreary place. The settler's
name was Sampson, and be had livedi
there five years. One trip the
driver had among bis passengers
a hale old gentleman nndhis wile, from Illinois,
going to visit their son-in-law, tho'said.Samp
son, who, it was supposed after fire years, had a
fine farm, and was doing well. All through the
gloomy pine forests the hearts of the old people
sank deeper and deeper, and when, at last, the
miserable place of tbeir son-in-law was pointed
out to them, they turned to the driver and in
quired what Lour on the next day the stage
would return; for, said they, sadly, “We guess
we will go back with you.” And they did go
back the next day, the old man savagely de
claring that be would not give one good farm in
Illinois for all the land in Washington Terri
tory.
Such experiences are common, and men who
arc doing anything at all at home had better
stay there at present. The rich plains of "Kan
sas, the fertile soil of Minnesota, or even Ne
braska, offers tar greater inducements to the
emigrant than any part of the Pacific coast;
and, to a speculator, tbo mines of Utah, Mon
tana, and Nevada, uncertain as they are, pro-
sent* a better field for operation than the macb
talked of Great Citj, .which, it ia gravely as
serted, will soon grow up on the borders of
Puget Sound. MARSHALL.
ASICHESEMS.
MUSIC.
Adelina Patti la singing at Brussels.^
'—An over-zealous Lucrelia Borgia, in a
Texas theatre, nearly disembowelled herself by
mistake.
—Nilsson’s operatic toilettes arc announced
by Boston critics to be remarkably beautiful.
The loveliest toilette she bos worn was in
thel&stact of “Martha." A petticoat of sky
bine silk was trimmed with silver fringe and
rows of silver braid, between which were brill
iant buttons. The train of black velvet Was
looped at the side by silver and cord tassels.
The tight-fitting velvet bodice was fastened
with diamond buttons, and the wrists were fin
ished with deep cuffs of point lace. A coquet
tish gray bat, with a long- blue plume, was Bel
jauntily on the frizzled mass of golden hair.
—Miss Carlotta Patti, after participating In a
very brilliant concert in aid of the poor of Faria,
was about to depart on a tour through Spain.
—The New York Tribune, says; 4 A stranger
in town who said be would give SI,OOO for the
privilege of hearing a certain opera, and was
offered tickets without number for $3 a piece,
surprised the offerers by informing them be was
stone deaf."
—The New York Tribune of the 30th ult
says: “Wacbtel hssj laid aside 4 William Tell r
with which he has been delighting tbe Stadt
Theatre of late, and alter one performance of
‘Trovatore’ purposes taking np ‘The Huucnots.’
According to present appearances there is no
reason why he should not go on singing in the
Bowery forever."
—The Philadelphia Telegraph of the 24th alt.
says: “Mmc. Rosa had ample evidence in the
size of her audience last evening, and in the
cordiality of Us greeting, that she had lost none
of her popularity since her last appearance
in Philadelphia. The house was filled from
floor to ceiling, and tbe applause bestowed
upon the performance was sufficiently enthusi
astic and appreciative to serve os an inspiration
to the singers, and to place them cn rapport
with their hearers. The opera was Donizetti's
Daughter of tbe Regiment"
—Most of the artists of tbe New Orleans
French Opera Troupe arrived is New York on
Friday lost. The company, tbu year, is thus
composed: Tenore, MM. Delabranche, Blum,
nadJourdan; baritones, Dumestre end Solve;
bassos, Coalon andPerle; 44 trial,” Yallee; so
pranos, Mmcs. Leviellis, Naddi, and Durand
Hitchcock; contralto, Mmo Foetbals; leader ot
tbe orchestra, M. Calabresl.
—Gilmore's old Coliseum at Boston was ab
surdedly small compared to tbe one be is about
to erect for bis jubilee next June. The plan
contemplates a building 822 feet long by 422
feet broad, with a tower 240 feet high rising
from toe centre. Tbe side towers, of which
there will be lour, arc each 167 feel high. Tbe
building, which will cover'eight acres, will
have seating accommodations for 123,000 people,
and will be located on the Back bay, near tbe
Providence Railroad, and not far from tbe foot
of Newton street
—At Bordeaux tbe Theatre Louilhas brought
out “Lucia dl Lamraermoor." The local jour
nals are full of praise for Mile. Laura Harris,
who personated tho heroine. Her voice is
stated to have Improved, botb in volume nnd
sweetness. She reaped great applause, and was*
called out not less than three times.
—Tbe great Strauss, it is reported, is soon to
come to this country with bis celebrated orches
tra of 62 musicians.
—Mr. Carl Wolfshon announces a scries ot ten
orchestral concerts, to be given at tbe Philadel
phia Academy of Music duriug the present sea
sou, commencing on November b. The orchestra
will consist of 42 performers, selected trom tbe
best in tbe city. Tbe programme will be arranged
with the idea ot suiting alt tastes. Fur the ad
mirers of classic music an entire symphony will
be given, while those whose tastes arc nut so se
vere will be treated to lighter music.
—LUzt is going lo remove from Rome, lo live
partly at Weimar and at Pcsth. Hungary has
granted tbu returning Abbe a pension ot S6OO a
year, with a title ot nobility.
—lt is not improbable that Mmc. Marie Sass,
having broken off her engagement with the
Viceroy of Egypt, will appear at Vhe Purls opera
in the ensuing winter.
—Tbc South Carolina Pha-nix newspaper
learns that a first-class opera troupe, under the
direction of Strakosch, with Mine. McCulloch-
Hrignoli as prirna douna, will give several per
formances iu Columbia during fair week.
—A New York correspondent of the Phila
delphia Press says: “We are having a surfeit
of good singing just now. Wachlel and Nhs
sou are both trilling in opera, while Parepa ran
over from Philadelphia the other night and
gave us Handel’s Oratorio at Steinway Hall.
As regards Nilsson and Wachlel, there appears
to be a contrariety of opinions. Niissou in
opera is not as popular as Nilsson in concert.
Theu, too, the novelty has worn off, and the
laurels of the great singer, like the bouquets
showered on her at first, ore faded.
From what I cun learn from well-con
ditioned critics, she is infinitely grander on
the lyric stage than in the concert room, uniting
to her great voice impassioned acting of a high
school. Wachlel is accused of misusing a really
fine voice, and ot uneven and inartistic execu
tion. 1 stopped in at the Siadl the other night,
hat the place is too redolent of beer and Sweit
xer for a lung stay. The tenor certainly rolls
out his high C's with much more freedom than
most of the artists we have been accustomed to,
but he is all the more pleasing for breaking out
of the conventional school. He has been an
immense hit, and his audiences embrace not
only tbe music-loving German population, but
the clite of the city. This is remarkable, con
sidering what a dingy old place the Stadt is,
and what associations cluster around it and its
locality."
Base Ball.
Despatch u Tlu> Chicago Tribune.
New York, Oct. 3J.—ln a game of o.!H tc-day be
tween tbe .Mutual Club, oi this city, and Chicago
White Slocking, the former were victorious by a
score of II to 3. Tbe Whiles were without Wood,
Pinkham playing second base. It ia stated that
Wood and King hare signed contracts to play nest
season with the Forest city* of Cleveland. Zcttlcla
and Hodcs will pr bably join tbc new Brooklyn nine
now organizing here. ifcAtce and Duffy are hooked
for the Haymaker*. Pinkham talks of returning to
Chicago in the spring. Foley, Brnnnock, and Simmons
retain to Chicago In a few days.
The Turf.
Barry Bassett defeated Belmbold in the four-mile
heat race at Baltimore on Tuesday. The time was
alow.
Tbe Cauacllau Contributions.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sib: On iuj own behalf, and on that of thousands
who, like myself, hare left Canada and settled in
Chicago, 1 beg to denounce and repudiate the action
of the men who, calling themselves Canadians, are
summoning meetings, and making stump speeches,
and otherwise agitating for the transfer to their
pockets of iho lion's share of the contributions sent
to Chicago by the Canadian towns and cities. These
men ought to understand that the instantaneous and
unparalleled outburst of sympathy which has been
mathfested for this city in her great calamity, both
by England and Canada, has been intended as an ex
pression of good will to Chicago as an Axer,can city,
to the whole of her suffering population, as a whole,
and not as a special remembrance of either the Eng
lish or Canadian clem cw in it. And I think all right
thinking men will agree with me that it is peculiarly
onwhe, ir not positively mischievous, for any little
section of the community (which an identity uf suf
fering has hO far knit together as one mao, to be put
ting firward this feature of nationality, and as Pelting
it os a Just basis of special administration, by the Jlc
lief and Aid Society, of a portion of the trust com
mitted to them, at a time wncu one of our proudest
boasts is ible, that never once, since passing
through our terrible ordeal, have considerations
of creed, or race, or nationality been allowed to exer
cise any influence in the minds of cither those who
have come to our resene with such prompt and
princely liberality, or of those who are now entrusted
with tho onerous task of distributing these funds
amongover 100,000 sufferers. I have confidence enough
Ip these latter gentlemen to believe ihaL should any
Canadian present an application for aid, it will, if a
proper one, obtain a hearing as readily as that of any
other race. lam sure that his nationality trill not
operate as a hindrance to Us be.ng granted; and I
am equally of opinion that it ought not to be allowed
to operate be any special advantage.
A CANADIAN.
Correcting False Impressions.
The good city of Buffalo, havin« heard horrible
rumors of the mismanagement of the Chicago Fire
Department, and the snmmaryexecntlenof incendia
ries. directed Superintendent P- C. Dovlc. on bis
return Irom St. Louis, to sec fust bow things really
M. r Doyle having satisfied himself that the
Chicago firemen did not. as Eastern papers alleged,
rnn in a body to a fire at the first alarm; that the fire
was not the work of sanguinary incendiaries; tbat
the wbolcsali pillage and murder existed in Imagina
tion only: that the street pavements did not bloae
and bum altogether away, and tbat tho citizens
generally are happy, hopeful, and energetic as ever.
Ir e 6060 bow things rcslly are, and the
Uuflklo papers correct the false Impressions that false
ropoils have created.
The Eev. Dr. Bydor in Boston.
«UK rw£ r- i l I’V'S’ rsi Psol’s Univer*
kVv^i ,bc congregation of tbo
School Boston, on Sunday last, and set
hofora them the story of his chnrch> dctoSilon. life
errand, lie said, was to procure. If nasiililc a unfit,
cient enm to build the hutment of btt church until
raised fIO.OCO for this purpose iuXew
?.S r K. ,Dd Af w par, hcs ln AUhc
w rem rk 'ho Iter. Mr, Cushman suted
hsarslludou by acorn-
USittce in a few days to make a practical cfl'ort to ral<*
tv r Dr Ryde r al?o io
ttailnfSteS.™ 111 flnne ChufSffo
STOVES,
BHOW.\ BROXHERsT
*2O £ut Monroe street,
OF
Hjratt’. Patent Sidewalk Idehta
hunts celebrated
ak ta Soft Coal Stoves,
ortaS™ 4 Ul 014 above, readj
Bricks For Sale.
Min* CHig. W. SAKOEK A CO,
«40* Main eg Frankfort,
Ruins! Ruins!
LOVEJOT A FOSTER. 30* \vm Randolnb et Cht
ffVO. f“mrrly S7 Cl.rk et.. publishers of Steraitople.
Fhotosrapbe of tbe RUINS op Ulli
CaOU- Wholesale and retail. Sent by nail postpaid
tu?Sih' ,p,r<tor-i c r4 ”iKi<;
MISCELLANEOUS.
CHICAGO, ALTON ST. LOUIS
Through. Line,
And Louisiana New Short Bonte
FROM
CHICAGO TO KANSAS CITY.
Oa and after llondsr, October 30th. 1871, train* will
Imti and arrive at West Side Union Depot, near Mail
eon bU bridge, as follow*:
Leave.
9:00 a.m., (except Sunday) Express Mall. forSt-Lonlt,
via Main Line. _
9.-00 a. m., (except Gnndar) FaatExpreu. for Kansas
CUr, direct, via JecksonTille, 111., and Louisiana,
Mo.
4:10 p. m., (except Sunday) Joliet Accommodation.
d:sop, m., (except Sunday) Night Express for 6L Loots,
vis Main Line. On Sander this train runs to
Springfield only. _
9:00 p. m., (except Saturday) Lightning Express for St.
Louis, via Main Line, and also via Jacksonville
fllTlllOD. _
9:00 p. m., (except Sstnrdsy) express for Kansas City,
direct, via Jacks oovitle. 111., and Louisiana, Mo.
Arrive*
From 9t. Louis dally—7:ls a. m.; 4JO p. m. (except
Sunday); and 7:00 p. in. (except Sunday),
From Kansas City daily—7:ls a. m. (except Monday);
and 1:30 p. m. (except Sunday).
Joliet Accommodation dally—9:4o a, m. (except Sun
day).
No change of day cars and il-eplny cars from Chica
go to St, Loni* or to Kansas City, and better tims
unde than by any other route.
Pullman** Palace Sleepinz, Dining and Smoking can
are ran on ell oar lines. Tito oulv line running these
ears between Übfcngo and Loble, and tanning
Saturday night trains, and making the time in eleven
hours.
J. C. McMtIXIN,
General Superintendent, Chicago.
JAHCS CHARLTON, General Passenger and Ticket
Agent. Chicago.
THE NEW YORK AND TEXAS
Beef Presemg Go.
Are now prepared to famish to families their
CANNED ROAST BEEF
At wholesale and retail, put up In eases containing 3
doz. 3 lb. cans, and In cases containing 10 7,4 lb. cans.
TMs Company has been at grsat exproie fur tbe past
several years in perfecting the machinery now erected
n*-ar G»lvp*t«n. Texas, to oat up the delicious quality
«.f IWf which they now offer to tbe Public.
This B.«( ia really more nutritions, and more son
nomlcat .'or family use, than any ever offered for isle in
any market, a* tho juices and gelatine portions are all
retained in the can.
IV IS SOLID 31 EAT, READY COOKED. Can con
tains no bone or cristlo. Upon the can, lorn tbe con
tents into tho saiicnpan, season to your t*Me, and when
hot serve It upon the table as CARVED BOAST HREF
Its cool la lees than half of tbs price of butchers*
meat. It is hermetically seated, and will keen fop years
juntas Rood when opened as though cooked Immedi
ately. It Is all alike, and very tender. It is also very
nico eaten cold.
The t>eer ia rut in proper piece*, an 1, after i cing thor
oughly cleansed, is roancd in a patent oven, soarrang
oil that the juices sod gelatine properti”*, which fell
while In the process of cooking, ar» continually roared
over it, thus retaining ail its r»ul uutriarnt and flavor.
Tho bone and gristle are next removed, and tbs beef is
then pre»*>o'J into can*.
It i* pare rot,: b.-ef. with all the flavor of that article
when cold; but with more of jnicoand gelatine, owlug
to the process of cooking, and mneb more tender than
the av«rtt- market joint, because of the choica cattle
selected, and of tho mixture of teoderloiu and other
parts tugothtr.
CHOPPED, OU PIE-MEAT.
Tho chopped form makes exeelh-ut meat bells.* super
ior hash, delicious salad, and Is so much Tin request
among mince pio bakers as to bare given it tho name of
pie meat.”
A great saving to lintel* and fair Rios who hare to pro*
paro their CLEa I, 51 EAT KOK MINCE PIES.
1 Two -nd a half pound, of boof. when divested of bone
and gristle, and cooked, mage about one pound of this
cle*rm-at.
Three lb. cans, fire; 7 1-3 lb. cans, *1.85. Liberal dis
count to the trade.
The attention of hotels, restaurants, boarding-house
keepers, shipmasters, and families, is called to this
superior artlel-. CEO. ft. 51 UN HO K, President and
Patentee. Office of the company, 16 Cedar it.. New York
CDy.
Slessrs. HOVEY A CO.. 67 Stats st., between Lake
and Randolph, solo Agents for Chicago,
DANIELL’S OHAHOEBY PEAOXIOE.
FOURTH EDITION'.
3 vela, Ero. Ehwp. 522 50.
LITTLE, BROWN CO.
PUBLISH THIS DAY
PLEADING AND PRACTICE
OF THE
HIGH COURT OF CHiXCERY.
BY E. n. D.VSJELL,
Fourth Amtuicax Edition, with Note* and Refer
ences to Am.riCRD D»ris|on»; an App-odix of Prece*
oilier t.ljit.ou* aud improvements, adsptio*
t*>e work t<> the d-tuands of American Practice ia
Chancery. ByJ.C. Plukiss. LL.D.
Ia liua edition over sixteen thousand cases UaT« been
cited aad referred to; and tha Index alona cootalna
nearly lour hundred png-s.
SHEET MUSIC AND MUSIC BOOKS,
Tho largest tuj most complete Stock la tho North
west.
bead four orders to
il. N. IIEMPSXED,
410 Broadw «y, Milwaukee, Wli.
Publisher of Music, Importer and Wholesale Doalsr In
Musical Goods of every description.
An clogsnt end complete line of goods »t New York
figures. Pianos, Organs, and Melodeons by tbe best
inters.
All orders promptly tad carefully attended to.
WSTARMKITKn. IMS,
SALT! CEMENT!
Full Stocks on hand. Orders
filled promptly.
HASKIN, MARTIN WHEELER,
Office trmpororlly at 656 South Oenel st, Chicago.
Eagle Iron Foundry,
(Established In 1540,)
Samuel «T, Creswoll, Jr„
MS, fU, 516 Mid SVs Knco-it.,
PHILADELPHIA.
Iron Fronts. Stairs. Girders, Lintels. Columns etc
etc. Light and heavy Water Pipes, Sinks, etc. Fir
Doors. Bars, and Rakers* Oven Castings, etc. Odd cast
Ingsofall descriptions.
ST, JA9IES HOTEL.
Located corner of ‘lark and Polk-sts.. containing UO
rooms, furnished tn the best style of any hotel in the
West.
NO ADV \NCE IN PRICE*.
Ask for bosses lor tbe NEW ST. JAMES HOTEL,
Furniture,
PARLOR FURNITURE,
BEDROOM FURNITURE,
OFFICE FURNITURE.
To be bad at wholesale prices st in West Randolph sL
KUBirSGUKT A UAMANN.
And at 133 West Lake st.
OSWALD KrdUXSOHKY.
J. R. LAWRENCE CO.’S
Patent Fire and Damp-Proof
Almons Paper Boarl
The best known substitute for PlmUjldr, Office
northeast corner Lake and South Water sts„ Chlcwgo,
Large Store
FOB R^KT.
Tbs premises, SO sod 32 Lake at., corner Wabasb-ar.
will U rebuilt at once; U0 feet oo tbs avenue, by IS
foelon Lake it., frontiof oa both streets; (fire stories
sod Immense basement. Inquire of J. H.BEED. as
above, or 6SO Sllchigan ar.
Farm and Freight Wagons
By the single one or car load. The undersigned ba»e
established a depot and office at No. 756 INDIANA-
A »opposite Chicago, Burltoztou A Quincy Pusougst
Depot, for the sale ol the celebrated Jsckson, Michigan,
»aeons; are made from selected timber, seasoned 3 to 4
years. Large stock on hand; will ssit low for cash: lib
eral discount tnsde to dealers.
0&*A11 work fully warranted.^#
AUSTIN. TUSILINSON A WEBSTEB.
l*uro Dry Building Sand
Oa cut cod of Ontarlo-st., wltb hard’sround to draw It
00. for 50 cent! per y*rd. and a load of rubbish deposited
oo Ontorla-st. io place of it. Man in attendance at On
tario and St. Clalr-sti. to receive and deliver.
OGDEN. SHELDON A CO.
Oct. SS. IS7I.
St. Francis Xavier’s Academy,
BISTEBS OF 31EBCT
Will reopen at CotUco Grove av, on Mender. oct.se.
Brick, Brick.
Good Bed Brick for rale. WlltcAntracCfor a quantity
JOHN F. SCANLAN,
164 West Adams-st,
Notice to Manufacturer..
1 have 2,00 (mi on PolK-st., we»t of IK-splalaea. and
wo feet oa DesplalQM, north of Polk »t. Alt the above
i* fine basinets property. Will Mil without any cash
down, and farnlsa eonie money to bnlld wltb.
S. W. BAWsON, 37 Weet MadUoo-at.
John Mclnljro Co.,
COMMISSION MEBCHANTS,
BOOST 14, 34 CJLNAX.-ST.
Uair Dye.
CVUtadoroU Excflalor LiqnM Hair Dye. It is new ae
knowledsed hr elt It has neither superior nor equal. It
■trad* alone, and oneppi oechstje the best of im
itation* iat forth In tb- market. Ita «*l: deserved and
l? cr *ffl Q *a Popularity Jha» astonished the tense* of all
tbo old and worn out dye-m»ker* In Chrlttendonj. gold
everywhere. llanutactory 64 Maiden Laoe. N. Y.
Batchelor’s Hair Dye.
teU‘ l, l rb W. d el V h the world—perfect
l’,*nd imu- latieooa; ro disappoint-
SrmVuJ l x w o V"*.* “r d(..ete,.M« edor. The
SSi I .•hnlrdra prodoct* Immedl
br B O"*-
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1871,
INSURANCE.
INSURANCE AGENCY.
6EO.C.CLARKE
CO.,
PRINCIPAL OFFICE,
No. 10 Eldridgecourt.
BRANCH OFFICE,
Mo. 35 W. Washington-st.
FIRE AND MARINE
Insurance Agency.
Risks taken in the following
Reliable Companies:
MANUFACTURERS’
IftSVRAIVCC: CO., of Boston,
OBCANIZED 1833.
Auet*, after paying all losses, Including
those of the Chicago Fire, 81,150,000.
HOME
IMS. CO., of Columbus, O.
NORTH W N NATIONAL
INS, CO., oflOilwaubee.
HOFFMAN
FIRE IAS. CO., of JVewYork,
CARGO INSURANCE
ON THE LAKES taken, at
current rates.
Shippers and Merchants
desiring Maxine Insurance,
either INLAND or OCEAN,
axe invited to apply at our
office,
CEO. 0. CLARKE CO.,
OFFICES.
Nob. 10 Eldridgo-conri and 35
West Woihlnstoiisgt.
“SECURE AMIDST PERXIW--
ANDES
Insurance Co., Cincinnati,
Cash Resources, $1,501,822,?
Offlce, 45 47 South Canal-a-.
BREWERS
Insurance Co., Milwaukee.
U.S. Bond, Cash
Assessment, $433,202.3 c
Office, 45 4.47 South Canal<.
AMAZON
Insurance Co., Cincinnati, r.
Capital paid in, $500.000.£"
Office, 45 47 South Canal-si.
triumph
Insurance Co., Cincinnati, C-
Capital Assets, $500,000.(£
Offlce, 45 47 South Canal-at.
These sterling Companies are ptj.fr
100 CENTS OS THE HOLLAR, and c 4.-
IssolDg policies at fair rates to emr
parties VIRECT.
Ko Irresponsible parties dealt wlfc,
F. E. RYAN [CO,.
45 47 South Canal-st.
To Holders of Policies in Chicago Com-
panies.
Proofs prepared. Insurance collected.' and cash ad*
vaoced on policies of tome Chicago companies l»y
CLOTHS.
Field,
Benedict Co.
892 Wabash-av.,
CHICAGO, H1,,,
Will open, on Nov, 6, an en
tire New Stock of CLOTHS,
CASSIMERES, and TAI
LORS’ TRIMMINGS. We
shall in future, as hereto- 1
fore, maintain onr position
as the LEADING CLOTH
HOUSE in the West. Or
ders from the trade prompt
ly filled. We shall occupy
our New Store, comer Mar
ket and Washington-sts.,
Peh. 1 1872.
sates;
SAFES.
MARVIN CO.*
No. IT Sooth Oanal it..
Are receiving a fail linear their celebrated Alam and
Dry Plaster Fire-Proof Sates. Borglar Safes, Plate
Sales. Tanlt Doors, Eiprex Boxes, Ac.. Ac.
The SAFES ever offered to the people of Chicago.
Call and see them before yon bay.
No, 17 Sooth Canal et., Chicago.
No. 26* Broadway. New Tork.
No. 731 Chestnut st., Philadelphia.
No. 99 Main st., Buffalo.
No. I* Banket.. Cleveland.
Largest Milliner)' and Fancy Dry Goods
House in the City!
MAYHON,
DALY CO.,
Importers,
Michigan-av., bet. Monroe Adams-sts.,
HATE A FUEL STOCK OF
Bergmai’s Worsteds,
Germantown fools,
AND ALL ARTICLES PERTAINING TO A FULL
STOCK OF
Fancy Dry Goods.
ALSO, A COMPLETE ASSORTMENT OF
MILLINERY GOODS.
We have jast received a large invoice
of onr famous brand of AAiA cord
edge RIBBONS.
Join I Farwell Co
Are now temporarily located at
167 Michigan- av.,
Where our goods saved from fire will be
closed out cheap, and where we shall also
be prepared to fill such orders as our limit-
Ed space will allow*
We are now rebuilding our Warehouse
34T <b 349 Mooroe-st., which we hope to
have completed about Nov. 30, wbeuwe
shall be fulljprepared to oiler our usual ex
tensive variety In all departments, and trusl
all our frleuds will reserve their orders till
that time.
Having been twice visited by Are during
the post year, we tnlak It needless to remind
our friends that their remittances will be
very acceptable.
JOHN V. PAEWELL GO.
167 Michixran-av.
FAIRBANKS’
STANDARD SCALES.
In the late terrible fire we
lost our entire stock of Scales,
but in two days bad taken a
new office, commenced the
building of a temporary ware
house, and begun to receive a
fresh stock, and are now ready
to fill all orders promptly.
Our losses have been very
severe, and we have made large
sacrifices in resuming business
thus early.
We respectfully, but most
earnestly, request all persons
indebted to us to make imme
diate remittance; or, if that
is impossible, to advise us
promptly WHEN payment
CAN be made, that we may
know what to depend upon in
this sad emergency.
FAIRBANKS,
GREENLEAF& CO.
11 South Canal-st.
SEWING MACHINES.
HOME
Shuttle Sewing Machine.
The Cheapest CocU-Stllcli Sew
ing machine in the world.
Price, $37.
-Agents wanted. Address
JOHNSON, OLAKK 00., General Agts
-347 West Madlson-st.,
CHICAGO. ILL.
sms
''^m4y}QmrmQ\pr,
Manufacture allkiudi of BEDS, MATTRESSES, etc.
tor Motels. Public Institutions. and Private Families,
use. Several hundred MATTRESSES, White and
Cray BLANKETS, cotton and woollen.
COMFORTABLES—Tons of material for same.
GEESE FEATHERS, AIR MUSS. SEA GRASS
MUSKS. REPLACE, TICKINGS, etc.
PRICE-LIST SENT BY MAIL.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEA A COATES.
JW Wabash av.
W. W. KIMBALL,
610 Miohigairav.
Pianos, Organs and Melodeons.
PIANOS FOB SALE AND TO BENT.
N. All person* who have rented or; leased IPiaaos
will please call and report.
Entrance to wsreroom*. 610 llichigan-ar. Piano*
tnned and repaired.
FAIRBANKS’
JfTf STANDARD
yjLL SCALES,
/jSeSSBA» Of Ail Sixes. 7
ggßSft Fairbanks, Greenleaf Co,
11 SOUTH OANAL-ST.
CLOCKS.
WTaterbury Clock Comp'y.
FOB THE PRESENT AT
No, 838 West Lake-st
GENERAL NOTICES.
Ruins of Chicago.
fTehave the large,: and finest eolllectlon of photo*
gnpbi of the min*. Wholesale and retail. Stereo*
eecple views sent, prepaid, by mall for C 3 per doz-n. »Al*
baa cards. SIJO per dozen. lixu cards, fIAO each,
piconnt to the trade. Send for catalogne. J. A,
fIXBCE A CO., 117 VTeet Madison at, Chicago. (Bnrnt
oot atm Clark at.)
FINANCIAL.
Money to loan, in sums from et.oootoeiod.oco, on sat*
Islkotory real estate aecnrltles at 9 and 10 per cant per
ÜBOb
DRY GOODS.
SCALES.
BEDDING.
SCALES,
CLOCKS.
CliAfl, B. HOLMES.
1029 WabutoT.
BUSINESS CAROS.
Northwestern Type Foundry,
MILWAUKEE.
This foundry bu ootr on baud fifteen tons of English
and German typo. It consists of all sites, from non
pareil to pica. A half dozen dresses for larg* sized papers
can be furnished at once, with leans, rules, etc., to
match. The Milwaukee Sentinel, News, and vindicator
an referred to as samples of the typo manufactured at
this foundry. >Vr beauty of face and finish, a* well as
toughness of metal, the type made at tblilonndry will
compare fcroraidy with the typo sold ty any other foun
dry in the World. 1 hare also several flnt-class presses
and jobbers for satb. J. A. NOONAN
«e“A first-class electrotype foundry is attached to the
type foundry.
October IS7I.
BTOTICE.
GreeisfeMer, EoseiiM.& Co.,
HATE OPENED TDEIR SEW PLACE,
Cor. Michigan-av. Congress-st.,
(Opposite Michigan ar. Hotel), and are prepared to fill
orders tor
BOOTS AND SHOES
With their vontod promptness and punctuality.
Hardware and Tools.
LAUiaiiEF, NORTH,
(Late Hi Lake st.)
flare resumed business, and are now opening, al
No. 48 W. Lake-st.,
Their nsu-tl full assortment of Builder*’ Jlardwsn
Mechanics' Tools, FtneUntlery, Dranriuglnslrumeuti
Sheet Brass, Hra»9 Wirv, Ac,
BLISS. MOORE CO:,
Wholesale Grocers,
Micltigan-av., Between Peck and
Eldridge-courts,
Are prepared to fill all orders promptly. Are receiving
and shipping as usual.
GEO. H. PROST,
City Surveyor ail Draftsman,
500 Wabash-av., Basement.
Having sated all my notes and plats of surreys and
Subdivision* made during tb® past five years. I am pre
pared to duplicate them fur ih« benefit of my many pa
trons throne bout the citv aud county. Surreys made to
ail parts of the city at old prices aud their accuracy
guaranteed.
MappineW all hinds done at rea souable rates. I In.
rite alt my frieuds to give mo a call.
C. S. RANKIN CO.,
ArcMtectiral Iron forte,
CINCINNATI, OHIO,
Manufacture Store Fronts, Doors and Shatter*. Jail
Work, Glass Ferments, Orate*. Mantel*, Bail*
log, Ac.
Harman Jacobie,
ALBANY. N. Y,.
Proprietor* of JACOBIE'S, PATENT BRICK MA
GUISE.
We are prepared to fill order" at once forthli ma
chine. Those interested am invited to call at the Chl
c«*c.» Tribune Office nod 'xarnin«* cuts of tl.o tm rhino:
♦Uo, tbeetulur-«ero«nt» ot the tendiQK Vri<“k makers ol
Albany and Troy. This machine I* const reeled for
steam or water nnwer; will mat- <n,fn tu iti.isxi brick
of superior quality in ten houra. Circulars and (alii
formation sireu.
Write
RAHMAN i JACOBI*,
Albany, N, T
J. M. Stine, Kramer Co;,
Announce to their friend* nnd the trad. generally tin
they bavo temporarily located at
51a STATE STKEET,
Near Harmon Cnrt. where they will open In a Jew
•lays, a fresh and de*iralde stock of
Notion*. Hoaicry, (ienia Famishing Goods,
etc
at popular prices. Order* .elicited and promptly at
tended to.
Tan Ml, Stevenson Reid.
Wholesale Druggists,
847, 840, ami 851 Wabash Avenue,
Areprepared to fill all orders promptly; aro receiving
and shipping as n*ual.
GEO, F. FOSTER,
Sail Maker and Ship Chandler. U now located and in
running order at 12 South Market at. AU order* will
continue to bo filled with usual promptness. Now in*
voices of Blocks, Tackle. Cordage. Pitch, Dock of all
kinds; Tar. etc., being received.
Important to Banks' and Business
Houses.
We will furnish for tho next ninety days to parties
In Chicago goods in cur line at a Very slight advance
oi actual cost. All charges prepaid. We do all our
own manufacturing, and shall bo pleased to send es
timates and price list for whatever you may want in
printing, lithographing, blank b.Kiks, »nd general
office stationery.
VIDA 1., BKOWN A WA fINKB,
1 ft l I.Monar.l «t.. N*w Tnrte t’itv.
C. FOff.I.AASBEE SO.\,
•BA-NICICItSS,
401 WABASH-AV.
The al*ovt* firm liarn themselves at the
nhoye addrre*. where they have built a now fire-prool
TatiU, which gives iii.-m undoubted cavity for iheh
books, i jc., an l when* tb-y nro conducting business tht
nnn* na previous to the tire.
H. W. AUSTIN 00.,
32 NORTH CLINTON-ST.
(Near the Shot Tower.)
Wo have a fall stock of Tamps, Gas Pipes, and Slap]
i. trdware, same as kept at 231 and 223 South Water at,
ad at same prior* a* before the tire.
Durands Powers,
Successors to Durand Bros. A Powers, and Durands,
Powers A Mead,
WHOLESALE CBOCEB9,
Corner West Washington and Green sts., Chicago, 111
Now ready to fill all orders in our line for old or ne'
customer*.
NAUTI.\ MAVEimOEFEB’S
BOARDING AND SALE STABLES,
132 flattings st., corner Loorals-jt.. west of Bine Island
«v. t having every facility for the business. Will board
horses for It-** than any other man in town, and will
guarantee to sell my stuck lu per cent cheaper. Come
and tee me.
Rnmlcn Brothers -V Co,,
Importers and Jobbers of Notions. Fancy Goods,
Dress Trimming*. Cotton*. Lace*, Hosiery. Gloves,
Berlin Zephyr Worsted Knitting Yarn*. Embroideries,
Beads, Ac., 373 and 330 Broadway, Milwaukee, Wls<
consm.
11. \V. Rogers, Jr., Bro.,
PRODUCE, COMMISSION AND
SEED MERCHANTS.
10 We«t ZUndolph-st,
P. J. RUTH,
SQUARE BRAND OYSTER DEPOT.
S3 and 87 SontJi Canai-st,
Orders from city and country promptly attended to.
Chas. B. Slesaloger,
Snocessor to Bronson Messlncer, mannfaetnrer and
wholesale dealer In Tobacco, Snuff, andCiffon. 106. 103.
and no Sommlt-st., Toledo, O. Orders solicited.
Keystone Collar Co.
Bare reopened at 633 State at. where they will b
pleased to see their old frlend*.!and a* many new one*a>
may chooee to call.
Jevne Almini,
Dealers In artist*' and painter*' material*. Fresco and
house pointers,
669 STATE.ST.
Goods arriving dally.
GROSSES ULLRICH,
Brokers
IN WINES. LIQUORS. CHAMPAGNES AND CIOABS,
No*. 229 and 231 Wert Madison at. corner Peoria at.
Irish, Bullen& Co.,
Commission Dea era in Comber and the
cargo; also, receive shingles dallr by carload. Order*
solicited. No. 6 West LaKe-st., BoomS.
Dr. W. R. Sherwood,
DENTIST,
Will resame practice at 479 Wabaab av. Yltallxed air
iveo, and teeth extracted without pain.
Parker, Letz a Co.,
Corner Desplalnes and Carroll at*.
Successors to S. Parker. 166 Washington at.. Con*
traetoieand iMnlen In Itailrnvt supplies.
Winnow Glass.
D. S. SCDAXCK A SONS,
Importers of
Plate and Window GI vJ7 Chambers it..
New Tork.
A. 91. Hinrann Jk Co,,
COMMISSION—Dressed IIo?>. Batter, ChMie. anp
rie' Fruits, wo make a specialty.' Lake Bark, oppo
te 2*3 Michigan av., Chicago.
M.IIINMAN, G. il. WILDER.
Refer to Sibley A Eadlcott, wholesale grocers. Ingra*
via. Corbin A May.
Beck Wirtb,
WHOLESALE TOBBACCONISTS,
av opened their new store with a full assortment of
bacoos, etc.,oaMicbigan*ar., between Ooagmtud
4 an Boren its.
TO RENT—HOUSES,
TO BENT—House—At 26i West Monroe sLj partly
furnished. Apply to ALLAN PINKERTON, 56
Weat Washington at.
TO RENT—House of 16 rooma, famished or nnfar
niihed. No. 596 Michigan ar.. between Sixteenth
and Eighteenth ats., suitable for offices or boarding
house. For particulars apply on premises.
TO RENT—A large bouse, suitable for a saloon or
boardltig-hnnse, quite close to the Michigan South
ern Passenger Depot. Address carrisr No, 3, Evening
Journal.
TO BENT-STORES. OFFICES, So.
TO REST—Pianos and organs. All persona who
have rented pianos and organs of me will please
call and report. TV3I. U. PROPER. 51 islxteenth-st.
TO RENT—House for basinets purposes; well ar
ranged for offices; heated by steam. Apply at 590
Wabash ar. N. L. BOOToN.
TO RENT—Large office on first floor, at 45 llobbard
court; also bouses and rooms, furnished or un
furnished. John m. waite, s. e. wells, as Hub
bard court.
TO KENT—Offices—l hare a first rate basement, pleas
ant parlor. «nd good brick barn, to rent. Terr
cheap. Apply to F. BABCOCK,«» Wabash ar.
I*o RENT—A nice, small front office, to a lawyer, on
the southwest corner of State and Harrison sta.
Apply to J. HENRY WEIL.
TO RENT-ROOMS-
TO RENT— Furnished or unluroisb-d rooms, with of
without board, at 296 West Moaroo at. Good refer
ences required.
I*o RV-ST—Two well furnished rooms at No. SO Ar
cber at, third floor: references required. Apply on
the third floor of the building.
T'O REST—2O7 Cot tag- Grove ar., without I>o»rd.
spacious unfurnished rooms, suitable (or families
or single gentlemen; accommodations first-class, and
prices reasonable.
MACHINERY.
A SIRS’ ENGINES, portable 3 to 4ff-hors« power;
-T. threshing. 6 and 10-horse; circular saw; mills,
Konmnn’s grinding mills, corn shelters, belting, eta
COLLINS EATON. Agent, TO South Canal st.
BLANDT’S Stationary and Portable Engines and
saw mills. Daniels Woodworth's planers, sasb
ttckrr and moulder, shaping machines and mortice*
machines. 36 Canal-at. F. W. NORTHROP. Act.
FOR SALE—Bskers* Machines—Three Uolyland’s
brakes (two power, and one hand), l llolin-dough
mixer, uad i ilcOullom cracker machine, with fonreot
term. Can l*e bad for $350 for the entire lot. The above
liavn been bnt little used. F-*r full description addres*
K. F, A DAMS, 66 8. slarket sc. Nashville, Tenn.
C*OR SALE—At a sacrifice—On« holler and engine,
L one planer and matcher, rrsplidug saw one
sticking Tm ichlae. Mschiuery but little n»..!. and em
bracing latest improvements. Address Mrs. C. MAR.
SHALL, I’. O. Box 72, Evansville, Ind.
MACHINERY— Shafting, pnllejs, and hangers; ma
chines for folding shirt front-: all kinds of im
proved machines lor oinking paper boxes; paper Cf.Ha*
machines of the most improved styles; ejjv-rimental ma
chinery, and models: machinery tnrni-hrd tolovrsb*
the fire at reduced price*, at W. 51. TOLIIDRST’S 514.
chine Works, Troy, N. Y. P. 8. Agent wanted in Chi
eago.
ONE IS foot bed 50 Inch swing, one 12 foot bed 24 inch
swinr, one 13 foot bed 2>) inhli swing, one S fn>i In-d
13 inch swing, one 6 foot bed 12 inch swing engino lathrs,
iron planers, drills, wood working machinery. Engine*
all on hand and (or sale, cheap, by W. A. JAMES S
CO.. 11l and 115 Fulton st.
PLANES and matcher machines. Farrar snrfacere.
Walker’s ret*win* machine* at old prices by \V. A.
JAMBS A (XV 111 and 113 Fulton at.
Second-Hand machinery—a urge lot ofiathe*,
plan~e, and drills, from a concern in the East cto«tn{
business; great bargain*. Call nt the machinery depot
of W. A. JAMBS Jt CO~ 111 and 113 Fulton st.
BOARDING AND DODGING.
We«t Adams st.—Can accommodate two sing]
OOUgntlco u with a ante of front rooms, clothe
press, and hoard; terms reasonable.
I INDIANA AV„ north of Twentv-nlnth at.
LLi Ifj Two gentlemen and wires will fii.d pleasat
unfurnished rooms, with board.
A LARGE front alcove room to with board fn
p-ntlemao and wUe without children at 1117 Indl
ana-ar.
A TCDNO married conplo residlog In Evanston woaM
giro a pleasant home to a gentleman and wlf- or
two single gentlemen: mom large and nicely furnished;
terms reasonable. Address II O D. Tribune office.
BOAKDINO-B. K. COWLES (formerly of the Sf.
Denis, 173 Male st.) Is now ready to take boarders at
bis new rtsidrnre on Indiana st., seventh dour south of
Twelfth st..t<»)y ono bh ck from business; three or
four rery pleasant rooms still vacant. Table board S3
a week.
W ABASH AV., near Sixteenth st.—Very piensvnt.
uu/urnMied rooms, with full board, la private
family. Address WABASH, Tribane office.
BOARD WANTED.
TJOARD— In exchange for a beautiful new plan'
J m*ewo*vl case, north Thirty-third-st and sout
01 Twelflh-st. Address PIANO, Tribune office.
FINANCIAL,
MONEY LOANED—On diamonds, watches, and val
uable personal property; tho same b-ughf. TUN
MCI.IFF, <72 West Jackson, formrrly 133 Dearborn «t.
MONET to LOAN—On first class property in .nine
of 110,<W0 to Su.tsJO. MEAD A COE, 79 West Madison
t.
WANTED— S23.W>'» Commercial National Bank
Mock. Address No. 9>i, Tribune offic-
WANTED-MALE HELP
<\rANTED—At Once—Two first-class body makers
Steady work and a tine shop to work in. Addn
G. HAWLEY A CO.. McGregor. lowa.
YVTANTED—A few first-class clothing (talesmen. Ad
»V dress YOUNG, 8803. CO., MU Mala st.. st,
Louis.
\TTANTED—A manufacturing and jobbing boot and
r i shoe house In B-oton, are desirous of securing ssr
eral fir»l cla-s salesman, having a trade In Illinois,
liiwa, Sllssocrl. Minnesota. Wisconsin, aud Michlgsn.
Address, till Novemtier 12, stating tha experience. lh«
amount of sales, and the location of trade, with address
and roforences. No Inters answered till data above.
Will li» in tho city then. BOSTON BOOTS, care Tre
moot House, Chicago.
WANTED— Aeenls to sell lithogrepU pictures o(
Chicago In flames, and map of Chicago showing the
burnt district. Sample- uf both ««nt on receipt <>f r?
rents, R. A. LANDON, Agt,, No. 3 Llad Block.
Chicago.
VYT ANTED—A fe'-v g<wl mould*?* will find stem 1
work at Union Foundry Works, corner of Fi
teentb and Dearborn sts.
\V ANTED—A journeyman wood engraver capable of
drawing in porapuctlve. and engraving buildings,
grounds, scenerv, «»c. Sitnatlon permanent. Corre
spond with C. B. CLARKE.SIX 1 Chesnnt at.. St. Louis.
TTTANTED —A good tail >r to work on coats, etc.;
if steady emplovmi'nt will In* given. Ad-lree*. with
reference and price per week, D. R. JENCKS, Dundee,
Illinois.
WANTED— Two good watchmaker* to go on* rtf th«
city. On-mn*t be an engraver. Apply tn GILES,
WANTED—FEMALE HELP.
WANTED— A cnod girl to do general housework a
4b3 \\»it Jack*on st.
\C T ANTED—At fiiw \Vaha«h ar. a good G*rmm. Nor
wMrtan, or Swe<lUh girl, for general housework.
TIT ANTED—A seamair©-* who know* something
drr**maklmr. and can ran a Florence sewing tna
chin-'. Apply at 214 Sampson at.
TXfANTI.D— A first-class bciqr.et-mnki*r, one who ea*
arrange flower* for parlor decorations, tor funor
als. and -or weddlr.tt", Ac., la be*t style. Addms W
11. ELLIOTT, No, 114 Market st, Pittsburgh, Pa.
TTT ANTED—A good girl of woman to do housework
In the country, or man and wife to d» farm work-
GEO. n. C UPKNTKR. U and Ifi Market at.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
QITUATION WANTED—To builder*. etc theadvep.
O tieer. an expert al figuring and <>a all
branches of building work©, I* prepared t.» as-lst con
tractor* anil oilier* br rrepirinc esilniat etc. Ad
dres* BUILDING SURVEYOR, Tribune office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
FOR PALE—A shoemaker shop. Low rent; good
business. 41 Cottage Grove ar.
FOU SALE—On* carriage shop, with land, 125x36 ft;
on© stationaryrnclne. new, ten horsepower: one
©name lathe. foot bed, ?n Inch swing: sold separately
WM. DDTLkKS. 4*) Washington st. «P»»twy.
FOR SALE—Fomlture and lra«e of the leading hotel
in one of the most thriving ’owns on Mlsdsdpni
Hirer—doing* good business. Satisfactory reasons tor
selling. FRED L. FAKE A CO.. 540 Michigan ar.
FLOUR and feed store for sal© on West Lake at. WII
exchange for a good team and wagon. Addres
F F, Tribune office.
TO JOBBERS—An opportunity to purchase
XI a stuck and an alrerdy established business, At Nt
Jo»*ph, Mo. Th© undersigned, wishing to reliro from
bnsiri©**, offers for sale, on reasonable term*, his stock
ofstaplnand f*ncy notion*, gent-* fornishiau good*
etc. Nearly all these goods w,rs purchased within the
pre«ent season. The store room which Is situated in the
bnsl»©ss centra of the city cm h* h*d at a low rent
For particulars address E. CURTIS, St. Joseph Mo.
THE combined water-power o* Illinois and Fox riv
ers—equal to th* power at Low*ll, Mas*.—and plenty
ofch»aplan 1, Ht Ottawa, l!ls. Gmat iQriucetntnta to
heavy mannfaernrers. Apoly to JOHN V. A. HOES
Pres.. Ottawa, III*., or to B. C. COOK. 3&3 Wabash ar.
or to D. F. CA3IEKON, 73 Ashland ar.
<SOA OOn~*A with this sum to join a first-
LMJvf class well-established wholesale fancy
drv poods and notion h«n*e. Sales last y»ar, #250.00!):
bject, to Increase the business to fiiD.ono this year
oar© opportunity offered. Address J. B. TAYLOB, 132
Pong!** olace.
D ■_
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER WANTED—A psrtr who is the proprietor
of a safe and prosperous business, established eleven
Tears.wonldoff' ran interest to a vonng man of thorough
business qualifications and good habits who can com
mand #IO,OOO Apply to CLARKE. LAYTON A CO..
Real Estate Dealers, 375 Slate st.
PARTNER wanted who can command fio.oro. for
th* manufacturing of Brick. The clay I* of the
nuest quality, near Chicago. fIfiO.OOO can b© road© with,
tn two years. Real Estate aecnritr tor money Invested.
Addrrs*. E.i. T., cars of Cbarlea Watson, Erq., 695
Wabash avenue.
PARTNER WANTED—O r will s-11 th© furnltnr© and
leas© of a hotel d<>iog a fine bnsioess lD*Clinton.
lowa. Part down, balance on lung lime. W, S. GAR
RISON. m West 3tadiion st.
HOUSEHOLD GOODS!
C*OB SAJJK—Tha entire lot of very desirable fnrni
r tnre as it stands. in a boas* of 9 rooms. Address
J. 31. G-, Tribune olQee.
FOR SALE-Only *IOO-Lea*« and furniture; house.
3 rooms. Jackson, near Jefferson at. Small new
cottage, hu»g lease, Noble at.-near Indiana, to*
day. B. G. GOODWILLIE. >33 31adIson s>.
FOU SALE—A On* chamber set. coat $175 two montbi
ago, will sell for li£3: also on* At ay*. Inquire Ai
northwest corner of Cottage Croce and Oak wood ars.
AKLANO.
HOUSEHOLD Furniture-Two doe bills of #JI3 each
for rale for fine cash each. Call this day at Si 9 Cot*
luge Croce and Egan ars.
PARTIES wishing to dispose of their household goods
can And a purchaser by calling on or addressing
JOHN 31. SMYTH. 36 West Madison tt.
PERSONAL*
ISAIAII PARKER lost insurance papers, between
Tw«n*r>see»nd at and Third ar. Any ont retnrulng
same to Bowen, Hunt 4 Winslow, 125 Michigan ar, will
be liberally reward's!.
TN FORMATION WANTED—Of the famlflles, Hark
X and Rnnlclt. who lived at 71 3iaple at. EMMA
ANDr BSON. 4iW Wentworth ar.
MISS SL\UD AUSTER3I AN— Phase show yonr ap
preciation ol a kindness by returning the *hawl
loaned the night of the fl;« to owner. CHARLES F,,
No. >2 Market it.
PERSONAL— M. B. Derrick, laie of 4 and 5 Fl.an
der’s block, ran b*> found at 7d West Washington
sr.. with SAVAGE, beard 4 Co., wholesale crockery
and glassware.
SEWING MACHINES.
SINGER SEWING 31ACMINK OFFICE of J. N,
WILKINS, formerly 131 Dearborn*!. nowie;3lib
waakee ar. 31achlnea sold on monthly Installments,
and work giren in payment. If desired.
GENERAL NOTICES.
PULLMAN
Palace Gar Go.
General Office,
506 Michigan-av.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PORSAM- A t:.:- dwelling houso
I* one of the fine?; avenue.? iu the city, on the So
FUe, «or Twtnlr-slllh at.: will be .Meteitret b
gala if applied fur at once. App.y to (L C. SABIN, is
Twenty-second at.
FOB SALK-lioow No. 701 W**t Lake at. ondleaselot
lot. Enquire ot C. E. MOUSE, 195 W*st Madison »t.
FOR SALE-by MILLER A HIGDON, Beal Batata
•Agents, am West Madison st.ZSorM feeLDoarborn
near Washington at., only $*.200 per foot: S3 Per cent
dUcount.oM price. 20 or 4*l feet, Randolph near Third
mn; si.ooo ter foot. 41 feet, Randolph near Wabash ar
91,000 p-*r foot; 25 f-et and house. Madison near Sang*
mon st;- bargain, 9U.HM. We hrive the sreauat ba
sains offered; call and see. MILLEB A RIGDON,
filadUon at.
F«OU SALE—Gotland cheap lots on the Sooth hi;'
on Arnold, Butterfield, Bnddm. Garibaldi. Twcnt,
fifth. Twenty-sixth, Twsnty-eeventh. Tweniy-elghtl
Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, and Thlrty-flsth-sls., and o-
Wentworth, Wallace,, and Shurtleff-ars. Fire years
6 percent. Nosdvancwln price, thungb sochlota must
doable in value. The increased demand for building
lota near where an many tens of millions most be paid
for labor will adraoee the price of ancb lota. The old
prices and very easy terms. ALBERT CRANE, 572
Wabash ar.
FORBALE— Cheap-First-cUs* house and lot. House
two-story and basement pressed brick. Cont iins
latest improromenfs. Lot 57 fret, east front. Alto
gether one of the pleasantest places In the city. Small
payment down. Inquire onpremises, 903 Indiaua-ar.,
near Twentieth-St.
FOB SALE—A two story and basement house. »uita
le tor a large family, situated at Janesville. Wit.. 91
miles from Chicago. Honse new, and lot is 133x37 'eve.
Garden filled with fruit trees, vines, etc. Lot ruu* Lack
to Rod; liver, asph-ndiu residence, ana fur sale very
tow. Price 56.D00. Address P. 0., Dtawor2l. Janes
ville. Wis.
FOR i-ALR—4-55190 f* to alley, Monroe st., noar
Fifth ar.. fWells «f.). SVM per foot. Good bargain.
MILLER.t UIGDON, 200 West .Madison st.
FOB RALE—Gre.it Sacrifice-97 Forest ar.. Slt.nrO;
half cash. Ilou«* has 13 rooms, modern coven*
ences, good barn, etc,
K)D it.
BARKER i WAIT. 46 liarri-
13011 SALE—2OxI2!) on State st„ opposite the new
17 rainier Hotel; or will lens* It t r 3n years, no re
valuation. Address D- GROSSMAN, 1M F-lUs av.
FOB SALE—West Ad.ims-st.—43 by In» tort south
fronton Wo-t Adam* st between Lo<<ai<« and
Ashland: price l*w. SNYDER |A LEE. B*xl Estate
Agents, No. 9 B>ath llalstei-st., corner of Randolph.
Masonic building.
L’OR SALE—Jlarkot-5t.—43x75 f>eton Matket-st,.
I tween Atlams and Jacss-n. Price low. SNYDER
,t LEE, Real Eatelo Agents, No. 9-ooth Halited-st..
corner of Randolph, slasanic building.
SUBURBAN BEAU ESTATE.
FOR SALE—Or rent—At Hinsdale, honee ell r>adr to
move into; cheap and on easy terms; al*o a go©.!
improved firm to trade for city property. Call on or
Uun-ss at Hi nsdale the owner. O. J, STOUCQ.
«?OR SALE—Building lots near Englewood; f;so
L etch. <m three years’time, and no pav.m-m down,
to parties who will bolld a house worth 950U, or over.
Thcs. A. A M itsou Hill, 401 W abasb-av.
17 OH S LE—At Hinsdale, cm* nt-vr boose, with two
■•ere* Und. pleasantly situated; also, one house to
let. Terms easy. W. ROBBINS.
COUNTRY BEAT. ESTATE.
FOR 8A of the best firms iu Northern
I comprising what is known ii.t* -Btih-s
Fnrn).” near D.-K-lh, Ills., 58 miles from Clncig shi-t
a: *-m bargains can bo u*d. K. F. DUT
TON b)camore. Ills.
REAL. ESTATE WANTED.
TYTANTED—I w-h to rent or purchase a lot In tin*
bn. neu ili-.r.ct Address, with location and
'eims, D. J. LaK.v, iouth Canal st.
VITANTF.U—Lite prop.-tty In exchange 'ora handsome
rsidenc -:u J .rk-onviJl«*, JI»., campleiely fur
ouhfd an.l ready f.-r iccup«ti"ii. No .-b;e,-t|.in to Bar
ing difference or pri-pertjr more valueidt- Apph to
U. It. I.OyJI ISA t.'th. :5 Harmon ct. where photograph
•if rcsidencecm he n.
r ANTEI>—ronth Si i.* property in the borne I rfis
tnci—lhjvve rv.Jv customers tor &av>oO
wo. th l' r l r ‘V r v ;i,; •y> «r description- at once.
J.ll*-NK\ vv Eli., southwest cor. Slate and Uarriaou
•is, up stairs.
11TANTED—To pnreha*-, alnt on Market at., be
»Wi*en M.v'is m and Lake, or on Luke-st,, between
I.aSa'te and Market. V> to to feet front; corner pro*
ferrod. Apply to J. ULLM ANN. a> Market s:.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WAMED-To sell the Great Firejor Chi
•/le.igo, her oast, prea-nt, and future. Tha origin,
rrogres-*, and results of the Great Chicago Conflagra
tion; graphic scimes, incidents, and details of the dis
aster: list n« rh- principal bankers, manufacturers, and
merchaot*; who r aro 10-er»; a compl-t«**picturo or Chi
cago. before and after the fire; the trade and commerce
j! Chicago, and detail* of Its municipal affairs, and tho
great Urea of the world, by Geo. l». Upton and Jams*
eheahan. Associate Editors of The Chicago Tritmna V
lKx<k of about A*» pages. iUn«tratcd by the bert artist
•ml will b« wonliy the confidence of all. Will b« sold
•‘xcltuircly by subscription. Agents wanted in every
•own. AdUr-s- CMOS PUBLISHING CO., i£sTwenty
second st.. Chicago. 111.
LENTA WANTED—The great Chicago fire. The
A crowning horror of the 19th .century. 100 nmj
persons reduced to beggary. Fearful seen.*; heart
rending Incidents. I.UW copies of this book selling
p-r day. Sample copv. post paid, 50 cents. GOOD
-PFED’S EMPIRE BOOK. SIAP AND PICTURE
UoUMS, Chicago. CincinnatiorSt. Louis.
AGENTa W ANTED-fS to f lOaday can be made by
either sux with mr new articles. Samples sent
tree. C. 3!. LININGTON, 93 West Monroe st. Chi
cago.
GENTS WANTED—For "Chicago and the Great
*V rnidlagpitinii,” by Messrs. Colbert and Chamber
lin, of Tin* Chisago Tribune. A concise history of the
pa-t of this most wonderful of cities, and a detailed,
circumstantial, and most Tirld account of its destruc
tion by fire, with scenes. Incidents. Ac. To be com
plete in ono haud<om«ty bound octavo rotams of about
Nm page*, with num-rr.ns Illustrations by Chapin A
Guiick. Irom photo :aphic views taken on the spot
Agents bound prospectus (price .W1 now'ievdy Fop
circulars, etc.. address J G-»oDM.\N A DL, Pub
lisher*. USou:li Gr«-n at., I'bic-airo.
AGENTS VV ANTED—SI 2to **t M d «v, in every entmtr
iu tho Unl.ed Males, to sell n n. wty patented article
m great utility and absolutely needtxl io every house
hold. For further particulars a-Mre— TIIK CIIaM
PION MANUFACTURING COMPANY. Cleveland.
GENTS WANTED—9ISO a mouth! Kmpioviaeot*
JV. Extra indneewnt*! A premium horse and wagon
foragonts. Wo.i.'-lr-t to employ ae-nta for a term of
sexen years to sell the IVnck-ve tsi PhMtl S-wing Ma
chines. U makes a stitch alike on both sides, and istbe
bent low.priced licenred maebire In tho world. W. A.
HENDEiysuN CO., CluveUud, Ohio, or it. Luuit,
GF.NT.S WANTED—The Great Wg-t-rn 3tap and
/V rictnre Depot was the first lo lilt orders after the
(ir« Spiendt'l stock of new g,-vis on ,mnd. The repub
lic and world maps. United Slips county mart. Slat*
maps, religion* chans, fine lithograph pictures oval
trained picture-, steel engravings, chmnuis. Ac., Ac
Ftnu assortment; CTerjlhing n*-w. Liinograph- of
Chicago in tUn»e«, *7 l**r hundred. Book* giving ci.m
pl-le history of the "great fire,” per hnndn-d. illus
trated with lino encravlnr- and maps. (<no thousand
agents wanted. A.ldre* GEt». F. CKAM, 55 West Laxo
*t Chic-co. Ul.
WANTED— Ag-nts In every town and eniinty, to
*•.■ll the and most novel invention for
marking linen. ttook*. card*, etc. for circulsr
to A. M. RICHARDSON, General Western Agent,
l22>onit) Sangamon at. Chicago.
WANTED TO RENT.
TV ANTED—To Dent—A buna.' of six to eight rooms
>w »iiu;it-cl north of Th nielli et. ni-dea*t of State.
Kent not to*.treed 525 per month. Prrmpt payment ©f
J-ut guaranteed. (Ml or address WT. Jr., care Julios
Biii-r .v Co ,hi 4 MicMg.n at
LOST AND FOUND.
TOST— f2d Reward—An account book containing
pwr*, *6 In Canada money. In greenback money,
vessel account, and plan of house. Pica** re torn it to
Vessel owner* 1 Association, corner of Lake and Canal
sU. No questlouaaskod. 11. K. FAITH.
IOsT-Two Urge bay horse*. 6 roar* cl I. m the 29ih
j October. I will par a *cwan| of#2s :o th* finder;
lear- them at WM. THi»MPioS*A, near cornerof Cot
tage Grove and Kean ars.
TOST—Near Lincoln P.vr<.donng the (Ire, largo Mack
1 leather *>Tchel, m trUed ”C. Waller. Cblcag.*.”
containing small wood«n bos. holding cold watch and
s-voral sets floe jewelry; also, several bundles ladles*
large paper b)x in one filled with dresses, and
collar* marked •’Nannie Tvl*r.” liberal rrwanl will
be raid forpboTe. C. S, WALLER, 52 West Madison
*t. f upstairs.
LOsT— Dunne the tiro. ledger and j-orna!, marked
r.-tate R.A, Alexander, 1 ‘’Trust Fnml,” and «th~
or account books belonging to Alexander's estate. A.
liberal reward will be paid for above. J. B. WALLER.
52 v» e»t Madieon st.. ap stairs.
FOUND— A milch cow saved from the Fire, on the
•’onthNide, owner can ir*t provi g and paring
charges. Address COW,” Tribnna office.
POUND— Scows at fith hons© front the cornerof Hal
©ted st. on North Water st.
I"* P'ld for the recovery of*
Ak black thread lace «hawl, parasol, and »©t of pearls
u-st in removing from house southeast earner Wabash.
s.»’'*nd Ad*m# st, on »ht oth last. Return to Mtn.
CA RTEIt, Slo abash av.
r PAKLN IP IN I’OUND-Thre* horvs and I mar©
1 ld»rk bay her*©, nnd 1 bay taare!
which ran astray since the lire, and wore Impounded by
”1. Lfvr tight, are to Ixj ro.leeaied at ih* Wostbida
Ppaod, 5S© Carroll «t. r*ll eo-m. or f havw to disposo
•tf the stock. FRANCIS BREIDERBACK, Pound
\V’ l ‘t.. ~A' I: J r,,r po9*e*©ion a flue bronze clock
t» Mas out into a buggy on the night of the Ore
The owner can hate it bfr proving property and paying
chatstMi. oaa A Ten Broeko C. M. Co., corner Ann
and U cst Bandloph sts.
REWARD, and no questions nsked—A lot ot
sample shoes, packeu in 3 boxes and someia
ulflS*?* dra 7. p r box** were marked Jnodt A
Keed. Gr»*env|Ue. 111., I. 0. E R., via Vsndalla; taken
from the sidewalk In front of the St. June* U.tel on
of the fir©. liotlfy WALKBIt, OaKLKT.
A CC., Chicago; or NEWELL BROTHERS, New York
MISCELLANEOUS,
and United State* Courts. H24 Wabash
GS. HUBBARD, JR.. REAL ESTATE AGENT.
m No 6b Canal-et., will lease booses, collect rents,
sell leal estate, nnd do all kinds of conveyancing.
Several well located residences in the West Division
lor sale. All abstracts of title and other papers In mr
care saved from lalo flro. G. S. HUBBARD, JR., 68
Canal-fit
I _7 0n want to sell your oUiboots for th* highest cash
Ch P “ook Star,. S«1
ORDERS for sawing done on short n tlca.aoy and all
shiei« f anythin,g.Bßring orders to
au A C<*.. 13 Uest 3lai]i*ou t.. In bas a ment.
SLND to FIIOST’b Detroit Lumber and WooUaaware
Dorks. Detroit, Mich., for|Excelsior.
TI7ANTED—Those who nudentanJ cutting out and
making paper box©*. Address: J. A. BERRY A
CO., K VVoodbrldgest,, West Detroit. Mich.
lV 4“ V .T EI> lmme ,i;lte, t» tjrentrdoabla team*, with
l wsguns. s. A. LITTLE, Stiaw's warehouse,
50 Groce st.. corner Twentr-flrst.
TtTIrCUN«I.V BRICK—■! hare luo.bOObcaatlfnl cream
t colored brick* for -ale. anltable for fronts of huili.
inn. D.s. CHADWICK. W.i.rlo»n, Wl.c" n il n
W n't-Tt' I" J'J'Jc- t b<!r
U«U-r™ CllSt, A Jt-NKI.NS, corner Can.l nnd
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
F iP o A njprf stood bnslne** horse*
O. P. BAKER. 45 St. Johns place. West Side.
pOUSALE-A sorrel mare, 3 year* old hut string.
nejant"«? rl, trok 7’* Apply 40 C. U.
BSADtKY. rherllTs office. Court Hou'o.
Fp.IS'V.'.JT O dr ,r n,an V 8 y r "M«.J .onnd.
IBrlcefUr. Good worker; aNo two good drlcers
low fnrcieh. W. J. SEELY, Ottawa, 111. er
F JAS.'c.SrCNKKMAN 11 6 borse u ar.
T I VERY—Omaha Livery, Sale and Boarding Stable*
ik’n'r?oprJuir? ty tLirJ Md sutfl,
WANTED— 1 Inre ahorse and wagon; am well ac
qttHinird in the city; wish engage with soma
party tor delivery. Address FF. Tribune office.
\\r ANTI U-30 good stage horse* at P. O. 4 B. Co
stabl.f corner Twenty-ninth sod State, sad
Twenty-s- coad and Stale sts.
FOR SALE.
pOB SALE-SAFE—A large fire and
n Mfe. as good as n«w; cut
Dodd, aincnpal A Urban, makers, with Sargent 4 Dodd
locks; will for owner haring no r..i.
Address LYON 4 BAKER, Buffalo. N. Y. K
FOR SALE-Cheap-JewellerF. attention, rwosim*.
nor astronomical chronometers. Inanir* at
w abash ar. O. A. CHAFFEE. nqo,r# at 70S
FOR S.\LK—Army clnthlus, wholesale and ~r.n.
cavalry overcoats. infantry ocercoats. caralrr ms 2*
mtantry pants; Just the thing for farmer?
and laborer*; *-nt by e»pre«« to all tmt”or the’wtl**
S;”t lra, CLEUEST 4 1 SiTßß.'ao'jJ:
F o a. S ik r fifiS£ ,h,r St or. 90x
F° lUd!i'o“, t T: A r I«wlr..tiu
br,ck c B
TO LEASE
tws?*"*so*llo of £roa d for term of year*
X on Tw*nty-ai-condat., near Wabash ar Terr auitl
■*oiV£* 'table, ii. MONROE. 133 Tw«ty?„.
T J S 4 tena f y® 4 4t 5 Percent on ral*
feet on State at, nartn of
w.d. YfALLSB, M|W, lladUou it, tliira floor, G«t.