6
THE COUNT'S LITTLE DAUGHTER
A legend of Nuremberg.
O’er the gray old German city
The shadow of mourning lay;
More tenderly kissed each mother
Her little child that day.
With a deeper prayer each lather
Laid Lis hand im bis llrst-born’a head,
For in the castle above them
Lay the Count’s little daughter, dead.
Blow moved.tbo great procession
Down from the castle gat*.
To where the black-draped cathedral
Blazed in funeral state.
And they laid tho little child down,
In her robes of satin and gold.
To sleep with her dead forefathers
In the stone crypt, dark and cold.
At midnight the Countess lay weeping
’Neath Her gorgeous canopy.
She heard as it were a rustling,
And little feet come nigh.
ghe staited up in tho darkness.
And with yearning gesture wild,
fihocribd. “Has the Father heard me!
Art thou come back my child!”
Then a child’s voice, soft and pleading.
Said, I’ve come, O, mother dear,
To ask if you will not lay me
Where me little birds I can hear,—
44 The little birds in their singing.
And the children in their play,
Where the sun shines bright on the flowers,
All the long summer day I
In Ihe stone crynt I lie weeping.
For I cannot choose but fear.
Such wailings dire and eeaseless
From the acud Counts’ colliua I hear.
And I’m all alone, dear mother,—
No other child is there;
Ob. lay me to sleep in the sunshine.
Where all is bright and fair.
I cannot stay, dear mother;
I must back to the moans and gloom
I must he there, fearing and weeping,
Till you take me from the tomb.”
Then the Countess roused her husband,
Saying, Give to me, I pray.
That spot of green by the deep fosse,
Where the children love to play.
For our little one lies weeping.
And asks, for Christ’s dear sake,
Tbat ’mid song and sunlight and flowers,
Near children, her grave we may make.”
And the green spot was made a garden,
Blessed by priests with book and prayer.
And they lulu tho Count's little daughter
‘-•lid flowers and sunlight there.
Anil to ilia children forever
Tbe Count and Countess gave,
A- a playground. lliul smilling garden
By their daughter's little grave.
2trs. a. urccucvyh, in Scribner's for December
MBS. JABEZ BAXTER.
A Romance.
BY TIIK I-ATK VISED TV, LOBING.
I am shortly going to become an outcast. I
Lave said that some miners were lawless and
brutish: how can 1 live on the Pacific coast,
then I have ridiculed one or two of •what
seemed to me little snobberies in my dear
native city, Boston; and so what can Ido in
the Slates? New York seems unsafe to me,
here among the Apaches, where rings do not
exist, and I am puzzled a little about where
to liy for refuge when I start to leave the
Southwest. And yet, bad as matters arc, 1
am about to make them worse by telling
1. A story about a member of theXevada Legis-
lature.
2. A story about a member of the Massachusetts
Legislature.
1. There was an orphan asylum in Vir
ginia City, governed by Catholics and super
intended by Sisters of Charity. This or
phan asylum applied to the Legislature for
aid, and there was, of course, an animated
debate. One member suggested the pro
-3 rietv of “first getting your orphans before
you help your asylum.” Another replied
that from the accounts of the Kewillogat
and Pepoieka papers, orphans were likely to
abound in Nevada during the next few
years. A third, in a burst of spontaneous
eloquence,” said, warmly; “God bless the
widows and orphans, and them as makes
tbem.” Finally it was decided to send the
member from Bed Oak to investigate, as a
special committee, the asylum in ques
tion. Sister Agatha, who was in charge,
showed him the asylum, and its contents aud
the Bed Oak statesman was deeply impressed.
“Well, Miss Agatha,” he said, “you area
liigh-toned woman, and I like your style. I
shall make a’favorable report. Good-bye.
Shake hands. Miss Agatha, won’t you?”
Thereupon Sister Agatha explained that Sis
tcis, as a rule, did not shake hands. The
m tuber from Red Oak was equal to the
emergency. Ho repeated his words of com
mendation, and then-well, then he slapped
“Miss Agatha heartily on her back, and left
her in a state of pleasure at Ms geniality. It
was another member of the Nevada Legis
lature who told me this; so, of course, it
must be true.
2. There was a member of tho Massachu
setts Legislature who had occasion to call
on the Rev. Father O’Reilly on a matter of
business. He knocked at the Father’s door.
Servant girl appeared. Was the Father in
No, not any. Where had ho gone The
servant did not know. Would he be back
toon The servant thought not.
“It’s really very auno3*mg,” said the mem
ber of the Massachusetts Legislature,
thoughtfully, “for I want to see him on
verv important business. Isn't Mrs. O'lteilly
in
This second story is given to appease any
possible or probable Californian who will
thirst for m3’ blood because of Mrs. Jabez
Baxter. Having insulted Massachusetts, my
own State, by asserting in the foregoing story
that all the members of her Legislature must
logical be idiotic, how is it reasonable to
suppose that I am not insulting California,
ana asserting that all her citizens arc as great
beasts as Mr. Jabez Baxter in tho following
romance. Let it pass, however. I accept the
fact, new to me, that one swallow does not
make a summer, aud proceed to my
ROMANCE
{Founded upon Fact).
In the summer of I*7l a weary traveller
might have been seen riding through the
verdurous lanes of Owen’s, valley, Califor
nia.
The scenery about him was unquestionably
high-toned in the extreme. To the right the
Sierra Nevada, with its snow-capped peaks
and purple sides, stretched its slow length
along like a needless Alexandrine. To the
left willows were seen lining the fertile
meadows; and the musical ripple of innu
merable mountain streams, engaged in irri
gating just as hard as they" could, was heard.
The traveller could not be called hand
some. His complexion was black and tan
Lis hair, short and spikj*, was admirably cal
culated to defy the attempts of any Indians
to secure his scab*; while his beard llowed
in irregular but luxuriant masses over his
<Lm aud neck, lu justice, however,
to the rider, it should be remarked
that his attire was not caculatcd
■»o enhance any personal attractions
which he might otherwise have been credit
ed with. A blue-scarlet-and-grecu llauuel
shirt, much faded and shrunken, and en
tirely destitute of buttons, enfolded his
thorax, and was itself partially covered b.v a
tattered vest, whose lining floated in shreds
behind him in the- breeze. The brim of his
bat had suffered masticating,
while the crown presented a emshed-and
sut-upon aspect. One suspender held 113) his
blue army trowsers, on tile cerulean back
ground of whose material stains and black
thread could be discerned. Yet this man
wasa 3*outhof promise, with a rising liter
tuy nq utation and a liberal education. In
Lis pocket was a pencil and a note-book, aud
on Lis brow a shadow, which might have
been eaie or which might have heen con
trariness.
Come, get up. Evil Merodach.” be cried,
addic. l sing his mule in an energetic manner,
with forcible language, “for we have a long
way to go before we reach camp. Iloilo,
tin tIV a rancho. Perhaps X cun get some
milktheic.” He spurred his mule forward
until he reached the gate. A small girl ap
parently nine years of age,, appeared at the
m or.
Have any soldiers gone hy here ho
asked.
Yes,” said the child; and they’re in
camp about a mile from here.”
‘‘Then/* said the stranger, dismounting,
I can wait a moment. Is your mother
in?”
-‘Xo. bi,v’ Raid the small child. “I don't
nave her round here, yon bet.”
ell, is your father in asked the stran
ger. again.
“Xo, sir,” said the child. “This rancho
ain’t the old man's, no way. It belongs to
Barter—Jabez Barter, Esquire.”
“Well, is Mr. Barter in, then?”
“Xo, lie ain’t.”
“Well, is bis wife in, then!”
Yes, sir. lam her.”
“What!” said the stranger.
“Pm Mrs. Baxter,” said the little girl,
“Mrs. Barter,” said the stranger, “how old
are you!”
“Going on 10,” said Mrs. Jabez Barter.
And now old—Mrs. Baxter, do you read
the newspapers?”
Once in a while,” said Mrs. Baxter.
Barter, then, 1 suppose, does not take
one?"
Xo, sir,” said Mrs. Baxter,
rows one sometimes.”
“Wcll,” said the inquisitive stranger, “I
am going to interview you. Were you ever
interviewed, Mrs. Baxter.”
“Xo.” said Mrs. Baxter. “It don’t hurt
none, does it
“Xot as a rule,” said the inquisitive person,
taking his note-book out.
“■Well, say,” said Mrs. Baxter, “I ain’t
going .to let you do it fur nothing, vou
know.”
Certainly not," said the inquisitive per
son. “How much do you want
“Well, about four bits would be right,”
said Mrs, Baxter.
Give me a glass of milk,” said the stran
ger. and answer some questions, aud you
shall have four bits.”
“Go ahead.” said Mrs. Baxter, concisely.
“Tell me,” said the inquisitive person,
“how vou came to many Mr. Baxter.”
Won,” said Mis. Baxter, women isscarco
round here, and Baxter wanted some help,
and he won’t have no Chinese aronud bossing
things when he’s away. Me and him’s both
down on them fellows. So Baxter and dad,
who was old partners, determined that Pd
better main’ him, as I was the oldest. I’ve
*rot a sister living; she's only 7. She wanted
to get marrie-', too; but inarm said she
woin’t going lo have it, noway. No child
of hern should bo married before she was
8 years old.”
“Your mother must be a nice woman,"said
the inquisitive stranger, writing. “I should
like to know your mother.”
“Oh! she’d just as lieves,” said Mrs. Bax
ter. “She ain't a bit particular, sho ain’t.
And—it’s a delicate question—but are you
in love with Air. Baxter f” asked tho rising
journalist,
I guess so,” said Mrs. Baxter. “Ho treats
me pretty well, and he lets mo go for them
Chinese that he employs; and that.s bully
good fun, 1 tell you. But I reckon I'll got di
vorced before long. I know a girl, sho ain’t
only three years older'u me, and she’s mar
ried to her second husband already.”
You’re a rule, then, and not au exception,”
said the inquisitive person.
“Hey f” said Mrs. Baxter.
“Are there mans' other girls of your ago
around here who aro married
Three or four,” said Sirs. Baxter. You
ask a heap of questions, don't you i
I do. Mrs. Baxter,” said the stranger,
“and it is thus that I acquire a princely in
come and a world-wide reputation, iloro
arc yonr four bits. Poor little girl. Tell
Mr. Baxter tbat I w ill send him a newspaper
before long. Do I keep to the right or the
left
“To tho right, stranger,” said Mrs. Baxter.
Come, Evil Mcroduch, let's go to camp,”
said the stranger, and, mounting his mule,
he buoyantly rode a wav,
f-
This is all of tho great American romance
that I am going to give to tho readers of this
paper at present. Tho scene will be laid at
Hull, Massachusetts, and the villain will be
a hotel-keeper there, who charges a transient
guest fifty cents for using a towel. After
that I suppose I never can visit Hull again.
But no matter for that. It is my intention
to expose in a trenchant and vigorous man
ner some of the abases of American 80ciot3',
even if I forfeit the delights of Hull forever.
In three or four 3*cars the original of Mrs.
Jabcz Baxter will be even more developed,
physically' and mentally', tbau now,
thanks to the climate of California. It
cannot be that tho romance of her life
has ended with her marriage. On tho con
trary, 1 fear it has just begun. Poor little
girl, it seems cruel that any climate should
be so developing as that in California, if such
outrages as your story arc to follow. In three
or four years, when the second chapter is
ready, either special legislation will prevent
the recurrence of such exceptional cases as
yours, or else you will be qualified to lillsorao
position of public trust and honor under the
coming administration of that eminent
sfatoswomau, Mrs. Victoria C. Woodhull.
And then, too, it is to bo hoped that tho
“rising young journalist” who interviewed
you wul have outgrown his present yeastv
state, and bo better able to do your story full
justice.— lndependent,
THE BIBLE IN THE SCHOOLS.
Excitement at Lons Inland City.
Long Island City. N.. Y, is a consolidation
of several small villages, and is divided into
three districts, in two of which the Bible
has always been read in the schools without
opposition, but in the third, the Hunter’s
Point District, Bible-reading was not intro
duced until after the consolidation had
brought a new Board of Education into pow
er. This board adopted as a basis the school
law of New York city, and adopted, among
other provisions, the following: “The daily
opening exercises shall consist of the reading
of a portion of the Holy Scripture, with
out note or comment, and the singing of
secular airs. These opening exercises snail
not occnpj’ more than fifteen minutes.” A
great clamor was aroused among the Hun
ter’s Point Catholics, and the above rule was
suspended for a month. After thoroughly
discussing the subject, the hoard decided to
adhere to its original plan., As soon as the
reading of the Scriptures was resumed, a
young girl named Dennm disturbed the re
ligions exercises on Thursday by exclama
tions of her disbelief in the portions of the
Scriptures being read. For this she was or
dered from the room, and subsequently sus
{Minded from scholarship; on Friday evening,
lowever, she returned and made her way to
the chapel, and remained undiscovered until
the exercises opened, when she com
menced interruption as on the day
previous. Three boys, one of them her
brother, had procured admission to the
school as members, and were also in the
chapel. They seconded the efforts of the
girl to interrupt the Bible reading, and soon
the other scholars joined in, ami the confu
sion became general. The Principal immedi
ately ondeaveavoredto remove Miss Dennm,
but, being threatened by the throe young
men, desisted, and, calling in a policeman,
procured their arrest. The Board of Educa
tion met on Friday evening, and so far
modified the rule as to permit the school at
Hunter’s Point at its option to read either
the Lord’s Prayer or the Ten Command
ments.
The New York Herald of Nov. 23, savs:
Yesterday morning the school excitement which
has heen agitating the residents ol Hunter's Point
for the last week was increased a thousand fold
by the expulsion of forty scholars—all Catholics
—by the Principal, Mr. Seiburg. It seems that,
hearing the report on Saturday that further
trouble was intended by those objecting to tho
reading of the Scriptures, ho determined to fore
stall any attempt to cause trouble. He conse
quently sought advice of the Superintendent, Mr.
Palmer, and of the Commissioners, and was au
thorized by them to expel from the school each
and every one who refused to abide by the rules
and regulations. No further instruction was ask
ed and none given. He requested of the Police
Department a sufficient force to protect him in
the discharge of his duties, and two policemen
were furnished, who took their position at the
door. Alter the calling of tho roll, Mr. Selburg
requested ail who objected to tho reading of the
Bible to arise. Forty pupils arose, all members
of Catholic families, although not comprising all
the scholars of that faith present. Mr. Seiourg
immediately expelled the forty disaffected chil
dren, ordering them to leave tho school; which
was done amid considerable confusion. As soon
as the news spread, tho excitement, which before
was great, increased to fever heat, and fathers,
mothers, and friends of tho scholars rushed to
the school house, and, not being admitted, there
were no acts of violence, though violent threats
were made. The question has assumed such
an aspect that tho settlement of it, either
one waypr the other, will bo almost impos
sible. The Roman Catholic partisans pro
j>osed two alternatives, the adoption of either of
which will give them satisfaction. They de
mand tint either the St. James Bible be forbidden
the schools, or, if not, that they obtain their duo
proimrtlon of the taxes to establish separate
schools for the Catholic children. They assign as
reasons for this opposition to tho reading of tho
Bible, in the first place the incorrectness of tho
texts, which contains many errors in translation.
Their second reason is the incapacity of tho chil
dren to understand or comprehend tire abstruse
language of tho Bible withouthaviugit explained
by some recognized authority. In support ol tbo
first they assert and maintain that tho reading of
said Bibie is injurious to the faith of
the Catholic children. This Bible contains
many things differing from the author
ized Catholic version, and henco
opposed to the dogmas of the Catholic Church.
Uhey say that errors in faith are infinitely great
er than cn ors in morality, whence it naturally
follows that books containing the former should
be strictly prohibited. You may euro moral tur
pitude and tho greatest deflections from virtue,
but let faith bo tampered with and lost, and ex
perience shows the almost utter impossibility of
restoring it. It was this that, made a celebrated
priest of the Church—Dr. Cahill—say that ho
would sooucr permit Catholic children to read
the worst books of romance than the Protestant
Bible. Tho Catholic priests of Hunter’s Point
entertain the like sentiments. Again they
argue, “how is it possible for"*children,
whose minds are yet weak and untrained,
to reason nuderstandingly about things
which the learned of all religions audnations con
tinually dispute i” The Protestants, on tho other
bond, are divided on the advisability of reading
the Scriptures, but all sustain the authorities at
the present turn of affairs. Those who think the
Bible should not be read in the schools,among
whom there is a large and mlluential class, say
that as an ancient institution is endangered by
this fierce onslaught it is their duty to sustain the
authorities. No compromise seems possible so
far as they are concerned. During the excite
ment the police department, though most of them
are Catholics, sustained with commendable zeal
the city authorities. The building is watched day
and night by them, as fears are entertained that
it will be fired by some over-zealous fanatic.
The Bible is being uninterruptedly sold in
tbc streets of Koine bv an American ladv,
sent out bj T the Bible .Society.
—There arc three thousand Quakers in the
State of Kansas, arid measures arc in progress
for the opening of a new yearly meeting in
that State.
—Not long ago an oiler of s.>oo was made
by an Episcopalian for the best work en
titled, “Best Religious Training for the
Young,” and Mrs. Ada Cahplin, of Conway,
Mass.. took the money.
—The Congregational Church, at Far
mington, Conn., was built in 1771, and it is
said that the original shingles are still on the
roof.
—The Presbyterian Board of Homo Mis
sions is nearly SIOO,OOO in debt. No new com
missions will be issued until this debt is
covered.
—The church iuMadagascarstill flourishes,
ihe report shows 11) English missionaries, 2>
native pastors, native preachers, 20,9)1
church members, 2j;i,709 native adherents,
iue .vcai s increase in the number of native
pieachers is 1,031; in church members, 10,405;
m native adherents, 75,7r»”.
-It is 1-H-licved in tveU-iuformea cirt;lc3 in
Koine that tlio Cardinal-Archbishop of Paler
mo lias the best prospect of sncceedius; Pius
IX. in the Papacy.
—The Rev. Dr. Disc, of Trinity Church,
New York, took occasion, shortly after the
adjournment of the General Convention of
the Episcopal Church, to reaffirm the doc
trine of spiritual regeneration in baptism,
and with marked emphasis.
—The Rev. Mr. Biodget, one of the mis
sionaries of the A. B. C. F. M.. writes that
he has just finished the revision of the Acts
of the Apostles in the Chinese language,thus
completing a seven year’s’ work iu rendering
the New Testament into the spoken tongue
of that country.
—The first Christian church in Constanti
nople was founded 1&K5; there arc now seven
ty-six in the Turkish Empire, about one
third of which are self-supporting. In these
churches are 0,:i03 members, audBJ.OOO people
gather in their congregations.
—A traveller, who writes from Holland,
s:i3’s that the Dutch Church has for a long
time been overrun with Ration ilism and
woildluieea. Not a few of its ministers deuv
with impunity the resurrection of Christ.
Giaduollj'a change for the better is taking
place, and all tbe newly chosen clergymen
ol Amsterdam are Evangelical.
—The Khinemfallihiiislshavcboouindulg
ingni demonstrations counter to the ini'nor
cus public meetings of the old CaUul.rs,
“but he bor-
KELIGTOXJS.
one branch of which was a pilgrimage to tho
ancient and holyslirino of Kerelar. The
number of persons attending is estimated a:
—There are twenty-four Moravian mission
aries in Greenland, and forty-live in Labra
dor.
—Tho Rev. Olympia Brown Is now upon
her third year of stirring up tho sinners in
Bridgeport, Conn. Sho lias converted over
ICO persons during the last twelve mouths.
—The Greeucastlo (Ind.) Banner soys:
Since Dr. Wood's statement tbat he had
learned to preach short sermons since going
to the penitentiary, the propriety of sending
some other ministers there has been favora
bly discussed.
—Some few facts conccrningchurchpatron
age in England will show the need of imme
diate reform. Out of tho 13.000 benefices—
t.r, places with salaries attached to them—in
England and Wales, the Crown Ims 1,500 at
its disposition; the episcopate and senior
rectors, 2,500; capitular bodies, 1,000; univer
sity s, colleges and oflicial persons, 2,000. Un
der private patronage aro classed those “liv
ings” controlled by individuals and
boards of trustees—and these make up the
other six thousand.
—A prison chaplain was lamenting the
want of success attending his ministry. Of
one man who had beeu condemned to death
ho said he had great hopes, the prisoner hav
ing been most assiduous in the study of a
Bible he had given him. Tho Chaplain! after
great exertion, obtained a commutation of
tlio sentence. I called to inform him of my
succi-ss. His gratitude knew no bounds; ho
said I was his preserver, his deliverer. ‘And
here/ ho added, as ho grasped m 3' hand in
pan mg,‘here is your Bible. I may as well
return it to you. for I hope that I shall never
want it again.'
between 20.000 and 25,000, chiefly Rhineland
ers and Westphalians, but partly Dutch.
There was a good muster of priests, ami the
Caiholic nobility of tho Western Prussian
provinces furnished a strong contingent.
The Archbishop of Cologne and tho Bishop of
Munster headed tho procession. Tho Arch
bishop preached tho sermon, selecting for his
text the words in tho 12th chapter of tho Acts
—that while Peter was imprisoned “prayer
was made without ceasing of the Church un
to God for him.” Peter, of course, stood for
PioNono,andthe imprisonment for the ab
rogation of the temporal power. The Arch
bishop likened the present position of tho
Church to its position 300 years ago, when
tho Turks threatened its existence. Prayer
to tho Virgin Mary then saved tho Church—
tho arms of tho Christians being made suc
cessful at Lcpanto by her powerful interpo
sition. The Archbishop invited tho assem
bly once more by tho samo expedient to save
tho Church from its present persecutors,
whom ho considered as impious in their
aims as the Turks of the former centuries.
—Bishop Cose, of "Western New York, in a
recent sermon at Buffalo, thus explained the
declaration of the Bishops in regard to the
use of the word regenerate in the Prayer-
Book; “The Bishops perceived that thodif
liculty arises from certain metaphysical
views which have been imported into theolo
gy. According to these views, wo cannot
affirm a moral change to ho wrought in a
babe, who is incapable of moral action;
who is not a free agent, and henco has no
moral responsibility. But our offices do not
speak the language of the schools; thoj- are
purely primitive and Scriptural. So, then,
the Bishops declare that these metaphysical
questions are not determined or settled by
tne language of the offices for the baptism of
infants. In other words, such questions
must be referred to other authorities. The
use of the Scriptural term regeneration has
no such fixed dogmatic relation to meta
physics. The infant may bo capable of a
moral change.or ho may not,so far as the lan
guage of our offices is concerned. To settle
that point, let us recur to the Scriptures and
to the testimony of the Christian Church.
"What our offices do affirm is that God's Holy
Spirit operates in holy baptism upon the
child's spirit; for, being by nature, born in
sin and the children of wrath, we are hereby
made the children of grace. That whether
grace so operates in the unconscious child as
to work a moral change before moral respon
sibility has begun, is not settled by our
offices. Nobody, therefore, need scruple to
use them on any such grounds; ami that is
what the Bishops have declared.
QUIPS.
Why are Cashmere shawls life deaf peo
pie f Because you can’t make them here.
—When is a small baby like a big banker
When he is a wroth-child.
—Cool proceeding—an ice man eloping
with a nice girl.
—“You can’t do too much for your em
ployers. man,” said somebody to a big-fisted,
strong-backed man-of-all-work, on the
wharf, the other day. Arrah.” replied Pat,
with emphasis, “neither will I.”
—Why don’t they take stems in Tartary to
establish insane asylums i Because there’s
nomad people there.
—When is a policeman like the good Samar
itan? When lie comes out of some area
(Samaria.)
—What is thcdifferencc between a railway
train and a suspending bank In one rase tho
brake causes the stoppage; in tho other the
stoppage causes tbe ureak.
—lf small girls are waifs, are largo ones
waiters Certainly,” says sweet sixteen;
“at least the boys have the habit of apply
ing them to thcirlii>s in sealing their vows.”
—A young lady, with a number of others
who wero injured by a railroad accident near
Boston, was carried to a hospital. The sur
geon came round and said to her; “Well,
madam, what can Ido for yon?” “Doctor,
one of my limbs is broken,” “One of your
limbs!” said he, “well, which limb is it?”
“O, 1 can’t tell you. doctor, but it’s one of
m 3* limbs.” One of your limbs!” thundered
the doctor, out of patience, “which limb is
it—the limb yon thread a needle with?”
“No, sir,” she answered with a sigh, “it’s the
limb 1 wear a garter on.”
—An lowa gentleman, who was involved
in domestic troubles, met with a genuine
“Job’s comforter’’ tho other morning.
Meeting an old friend, who was a widower,
he related his troubles to him, and told him
he expected te bo broken up, as his wife had
commenced suit against him for the sum of
three thousand dollars alimony. “Well,”
says the widower, “I’ll wait and see how she
comes out, aud if she succeeds 111 go for
her.”
—A strolling company of vocalists applied
for the privilege of giving a sacred concert
in Buffalo on a Suuda3* evening. What’s
your programme asked tho Chief of Police.
Weil,” said the agent, “I can’t say oxact
but I suppose it’ll comprise, Captain
Jinks,’ ‘Not for Joe,’ ‘Rip-Bang Johnny,’
and such like Sunday-school pieces,” The
license was not granted.
—Little Jessie had been eating currants,
contrary to mamma’s order. Her mother
said You know 3*oll were forbidden to
eat cm rants!” “But, mother, Satan tempted
me!” “Whydidn’t you say, get thee be
hind me, Satan I did say get thee be
hind me, Satan; and he went and got be
hind me, aud pushed mo right into the cur
rant bushes.”
—How to make a slow horse fast—Don’t
feed him.
—Morphine should never bo taken to in
duce sleep. An overdose is too apt to bring
on nn overdoze.
—Conundrum intended solely for those
who are well up in Muscovite court gossip:
"Why is the Czariuo Catharine like a bald
head person Answer—Because her heir is
Orloff.
—Why should not one pay a cowardly om
nibus driver? Because none but the bravo
deserve the fare.
—A loving wife in Danbury, Conn., on tho
decease of her husband sent the following
thrilling telegram to a distant friend; “Dear
John is dead. Loss fully covered by insur
ance.”
—Sheridans solicitor, calling one day,
found Ills •wife alone, and wulKmg about m
a itate of violent excitement, ifo asked
what was the matter. Her only reply was
that her husband was a villain. After some
time she added, with some hesitation, Why,
1 Lave discovered that all the love letters he
sent me were the very same as those ho sent
to his first wife.”
—A Down-East editor alluded to one of the
me st eminent citizens of his village as “a
noble old burgher, proudly loving his native
State.” Imagine his feelings when 1m paper
appeared describing the aforesaid citizen as
a iiobhi’ old burglar, prowling around in a
uak<d state.”
—About twenty miles from tbe city of New
York, on the Jersey side, yon iind this practi
cal advice graven on the tombstone of an
early Dutch settler:
You’d lietter go home and dry your tears,
For I shall stop here a thousand years.”
The Spoils of a Wrccltcr—A Ghastly
Sight.
From the Boston Post.
A strange story, worthy of uoveliatic treat
ment at the hands of a Marryatt, comes
from Newfoundland. la Chance Nook, a
secluded node in that somewhat secluded
island, dwell a little company of lishermen,
one of whom, who rejoices in the name of
Barnacle Bill, has long been an object of
suspicion on account of his unsociable and
hermit-like life. His hut was situated re
mote from the others, upon a peak over
looking a dangerous reef called Gnillicuddy
Breakers. These circumstances combined
to fasten upon Barnacle Bill the suspicion
that he had a penchent for wrecking opera
tions, and after the resent loss on the reef
of the schooner Albion, none of the crow of
which were subsequently discovered, dead
or alive, it was determined to search the
aforementioned but. Accordingly, a detect
ive having been procured, together with the
requisite legal papers, a largo deputation
made an cany call upon Barnacle Bill, and
found that worthy in bed. Inasmuch as he
declined to get up and open the door for his
surprise parly, they let themselves into
the house, when an appalling sight
met their gaze. Fingers, wrists,
and cars, cut and torn from ~tho bodies of
women, evidently to procure the rings and
other jewelri’, were strewn around. Two
boiled silk dresses were folded beside the
bodies. In all there were nine corpses, only
one of which has been, as yet, identified.
The inhuman wrecker, after being taken
into oustod3”, confessed that ho took the
bodies from the wreck of the Albion, and
conveyed them on a fish-burrow to his cliff
before dawn. The news has created the
greatest excitement in St. Johns, where
most of the ill-fated sailors resided.
—Oambrinns. who is said to have sold him
self- to the devil, invented chiming bolls aud
lager beer, both well-known to musicians, to
say nothing of the other party
THE CHICAGO TKJLBUIVE
IKSDRanCE,
UNDOUBTED
INDEMNITY.
Her Ms
mmm offices,
No. 472 Wabash-av.,
No. 70 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
COMMERCIAL UNION
Of London.
Assets over $10,000,000
ARCTIC OF N. Y,
Assets over $300,000.
ADRIATIC OF N. Y,
Assets over $300,000.
FIREMEN’S FUND,
Of New York.
Assets over $200,000
The foregoing Compa
nies, having had no
Agencies at Chicago be
fore the fire, are pre
pared to offer UNIM
PAIRED MATERIAL for
the PROTECTION of
property-owners in our
city.
APPLY DIRECT TO
MILLER DREW,
No. 472 Wabash-av.,
OR
No. 70 Sonth Canal-st.
The First in the Field.”
THE HOME
Columbus, Ohio.
Cash Capital, $500,000.00
Cash assets, Not. 1,
1871 995,479.12
Liabilities, includ
ing Chicago losses, 353,479.12
Was the first Company to notify policy
holders in Chicago that claims would he paid
in full.
The losses of the Company by the Chicago
fire are being adjusted and paid as rapidly
as possible. Business solicited at fair rates.
Adjusting Office for Chicago,
No. 17 Eldridge-court
Agents of the Company visiting the -city
are requested to call.
JACOB PEETBET, Cen'l Agent
Geo. Clarke Co.,
LOCAL AGENTS,
10 Eldridge-court.
/ETNA
insurance Company,
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
Organised .'3. IP. 1819.
Losses paid In fifty-two years Over
S29,ooO,OOO—Exclusive of Late
Chicago Losses.
Cash Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample re-lnsurancefund after
Paying Chicago Losses.
Assets Over $4,500,000!
This well-known and reliable Com*
pany, which has stood the tests of
over half a century, will continue Issu
ing NEW POLICIES and RENEWING
OLD ONES at current rates.
HI k PAStO, 188,
Office, 585 Wabash-av., 43 South Canal-it.,
Adjusting Office: 750 Wabasb-av.,
Up to Saturday, November 18, 1871, 893
claims had been paid, amounting to $1,500,-
670.02.
THE OFFICE OF THE
NATIONAL
Lift Insurance Co.
OF CHICAGO,
Has Been Removed from 638
West Lake-st. to
No. 3 Eighteenth-st
Near Lake.
GOOD AGENTS WANTED.
BEPDBIIC liiiCe CO.
Parties having settled
at 25 cents will he prof
ited by addressing E. G.
M., Tribune office.
SUNDAi, DECEMBER 3, 18T1.
AND
OB’
Ban kino.
BASTS NOTICE.
MmemlitiinllM
(National No 713. Established 1503.)
HAS REMOVED
To its centrally located now temporary building on
The Crosby Opera House Lot,
Washington-st, between Dearborn and Stato-sta.,
burnt cUxtrlct, a location which It is believed will be
equally convenient for customers in all parts of tho
city, by reason of tho street car and omnibus lines cen
terlngfiom all dire-, tious.
Thin Institution trailsacta arejfular banklnjr business,
buys and sells exchange, makes collections, issues cor.
tiheates of deposits, discounts commercial paper, ad
vances on convertible collaterals, uu<l accepts deposit
accounts from business firms, individuals, corpora
tions, institutions. bonks, and bankers of known good
standing, and nflords patrons liberal facilities .and
legitimate accommodations, but does not solicit Inter*
cst bearing accounts.
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.
H. W, King, E. F. Pulsl H. H. Taylor,
Albert Keep, A. Cowles, S. W. Bawson,
E. B. Phillips, 11. Z. Culver p. R. Westfall,
Bacon Wheeler, N. O. Williams, W. H. Ferry,
H. T. Zames.
H. F. EASIER, President.
W. IL FERRY. Ylco President,
M. D. BUCHANAN, Cashier.
QEO L. OTIS, Asst. Cashier.
The Commercial
LOAN COMPANY
Has purchased, since the great Are, tho atone-front
building, 128 ABCHEB-AV., Junction Twenty-second
st., and have resumed business as usual in said build*
Ing. A first-class fire-proof vault is completed. The
patrons of tho Bank ran deposit valuable papers or
articles In said vault without charge.
THE COMMERCIAL LOAN CO. will transact a
savings as wall as a general banking business, soli
bills of exchange on Now York, and the principal cities
of Europe.
The Commercial Loan Co. has also secured a twenty,
years lease of thonorthwest corner otNorth Clark and
Micliigan-sts. A firo-proof building and vault is now
being built on said lot, and we expect to resume our
North Side business about the first day of January
next.
FBED. MEYEB, Cashier.
TOLSTAN WHEELEB, President
TRUSTEES—M. D. Buchanan, Conrad Gohrke,
Tolman Wheeler, C. Kann, Wm. Knoko, Wm. A-
Ewing, Bacon Wheeler, C. B. Moyer, Thomas Buchan*
nan, Jr.. Fred. Meyer. O. Cronkhlte.
Chicago, Ncv. 20, 1 STL
LIT, B mi
BANKERS,
MASONIC BDILDINO,
Corner of Halsted and Raudolpb-sts.,
Branch Office, 493 Wahash-ay,,
Transact a regular banking business
same as State or National Bank.
Also deal in Government Securities,
convert the’62 5-20s due Dec. I.
Draw Cold Bills of Exchange on New
York, and Sterling Bills direct on Lon
don.
Real Estate Loan and
Trust Co.
SAVINGS BANK.
SOUTH SIDE OFFICE,
685 W abash-av.
WEST SIDE OFFICE,
121 WEST WASHINGTON-ST.
BENJ. LOMBARD, Preaidon
6. A. BRIGGS, Vice President.
BANK NOTICE.
The office of tho THIRD NATIONAL BANK lias
been removed to 378 Wabash-av., near Harrison-at.
Branch oflico, 20 West Washlngton-st.
J. IRVING PEARCE. President,
L. V. PARSONS, Cashier,
W. S. SMITH, Assistant Cashier.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
Boots nil Blots.
DO BIiETT.BASSETT BILLS,
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash-av.,
comer Harmon-court, are now receiving a new stock ol
Boots and Shoes,
and are prepared to supply cus-
tomers.
AFTER THE FIRE,
S. H. FLORSHEIIff,
Dealers in
BOOTS AND SHOES,
are now located at 170 West Madison and 471 Stato-sts.,
(formerly 46 N. Clark and 115 Sonth Clark.)
Boots and Shoes.
McCORMICK «fe CLARK, formerly at 57 South
Clark-st, bavo reopened at 40 Madison-at., opposite
Sherman House, and are now prepared to supply their
customers with good goods at low prices.
Boots and Shoes.
J. T. JEWETT
1001 State st.
I have opened my business at the above number,
where I have tbo facilities to meet the wants of my
former patrons, as well as those who may favor mo
with a rati.
DRUGS.
■BIT Si EBSAII,,
Successors to J. H. Reed Co.,
WHOLESALE
DRUGGISTS,
619 STATE-ST.,
are now prepared to fill all or
ders, having received since the
fire a complete stock of all goods
in their line.
LAMPS AND LANTERNS,
LIGHT. LIGHT.
To Those Who Want More Light,
?o to R. Cheater's. lantern manufacturer, Nos. 2 and 4
fest Lake-at, where yon will lind a well assorted
stock of Kereseno letups, Brackets, Clmnduliors.
Gorman Student Lamps, Tubular Lanterns, Burners
and Chimneys* Hu also manufactures
Lard Oil Lantern), Kerosene Lanterns, Large
Square Bam Lamps, Warehouse Lamps.
Solar Oil Lamps, for burning lard oil with chim
neys, Saloon Lamps made to order, of any style n>
nuirud, on the shortest notice.
Don’t forget to try his high test headlight oil.
FLOUR.
PLANT’S EXTRA.'
,1s some retail grocers are
charging exorbitant prices
for PIjJBJVT’S EXTRJ3”
I'Jj O UJt, we will hereafter
HU orders from FttJfll-
X,UES, at Sll, delivered to
any part of the city. Price
to the trade $lO.
A. M. 'WRIGHT CO*, Exclusive Agents,
Southwest corner Canal and Lake-sts.
FINANCIAL.
ft JoilGt Iron Steel Go.
WiU sell at public auction for account of
FIELD, KING CO.,
To the highest bidder for cash, on Tuesday, Decern*
her 5, 1871, at ll o’clock a. m., at the offlr.&ol the Third
National Bank, Chicago. No. 376 Wabasb-av., forty
thousand dollars of the first mortgage bonds of the
Chicago. Danville Vincennes Railroad Company,
JOLIET IRON STEEL CO.
By J. H. Wrexx, Secretary and Treasury.
MONEY TO LOAN
on collateral security, by E. JACOBS, 23 Quincy-st.,
between State and Dearborn. Office hours, from ola
the morning till 4 In licencing.
SEWING MACHINES.
WANTED.
All persons who have lost their
SEWING MACHINE, of whatever
make, by the late fire, to call at the
office of the HOME SHUTTLE SEW
ING MACHINE, No. 247 West Mad
ison-st, in basement, and examine the
Simplest, Cheapest Lock-Stitch Mach
ine in the World.
Price S4O.
All parties who have lost their Sew
ing Machine, of whatever make, by
buying from us, will get a DISCOUNT
of Twenty-five per cent from our
regular prices.
EM BIIIH
JOim CLARK CD..
GENERAL AGENTS.
Special Notice.
The world-renoicned HOWE
SEWING MACHINES Howe,
Jfr.'), have again got into
good working order, and
have ample facilities for sup
plying these celebrated ma
chines to the trade of the
JVorthwest. SPECIAL ATTEN
TION will be given to our CHI
CAGO CITY TRADE, and tee in
vite every person about to
fmrehase to call and exam
ine the oldest, best and most
reliable Seiving .machine ex
tant. Terms as liberal as
are known to the Trade,
THEHOWEMACHINECO.
J. O. BRYANT, Manager.
GENERAL OFFICE-No. 2-39 South Ilalstcd-st.
SOUTH SIDE OFFICE-No. 529 Wabash-av.
Important Notice.
ill person! who held a Howe Sewing ma
chine on lease, and paying for the same In
monthly Instalments, and who formerly re
sided In the BCBST DISTRICT, are respect
fully requested to call at the Office of The
Howe Sewing machine Co., 239 8, Halsted-st.,
and give Information In reference to the
same. Ton are earnestly requested to give
this yonr Immediate attention, as we desire
to ascertain whether the machine was saved
or lost.
THE HOWE miCHITE CO.,
230 Sonth Halsted-st.
GOLB MEDAL
Sewing Machine.
The simplest, cheapest, and best Sowing Machine In
tho market Sold on monthly payments. Sapp’s
Walking Motion Treadle famished FREE.
GOLD DEDAL S. 31. €O.,
BUSINESS CARDS.
WINDOW (MSS,
p. itaT V t.ra oils,
PAGE SPRAGUE,
306 and 308 Wahash-av.
,ion.\
SUPERINTENDENT OF
PRINTING,
and Blank Book Manufacturing, will bo glad to soo
lus old customers and friends at
■783 SXATE-ST.,
with Hadley Bros.. Booksellers and Stationers.
A. F. OTTO,
Watchmaker Jeweller,
No. 201 Flfth-av. Residence, 75 Abordoen-st.
Colwell, Clark Co.,
COBTRAOTORS&BDItDERS.
OTTAWA, ILLINOIS.
Having an extensive Planing. Saab, Door, and Blind
Factory m active operation, where are employed 100
men. and with a heavy stock of seasoned Lumber on
hand, wo are prepared to do contract work in Chicago
with despatch; will take contracts, including mason--
ry. We invite correspondence from parties desiring to
build. COLWELL, CLARK CO.
GAGE BROS. CO.
WHOLESAUS
MILLINERY.
001 Indlana-av., between Twentieth and
T wen i7*fln(.gtJ.
EAGLE IRON FOUNDRY,
(Established In 1840.)
SAMUELJ. CRESWELL, Jr.,
812, 814,816, and 818 Race-st.,
PHH.ADEI.FHIA.
Iron Fronts, Stairs, Girders, Junto!., Columns, etc.,
etc. 1,1 Blit and heavy Water Pipes. Sinks, tic. into
Doors, Bars, and Bakers’ Oven Coatings, tic. tn
castings of all descriptions.
TOYS.
Verglio, Bailing Co.’s Eetail Store,
934 State-at.
E. Sireet, Jr. Co.,
Civil Engineers ftala Contractors,
99 S. Clinton-st., Chicago.
Contractors for railroad, dock and bridge building.
DR. W. C. HUNT,
Office, 318 West Rladisou-st.
Residence, 657 West Henroe-st.
GLASS AND FAINTS.
Glass Paints.
ALSTON,DEVOE&CO.,
57, 59&61 WorthDesplaiaes-st.
LAMPS AND GLASSWARE.
Lamps Glassware.
BROWN BOHNER,
No. 209 lake Front, near Congress-st.,
Lamps, Lamp Goods,
and Glassware.
C?* All kinds of Kerosene Goods a specialty.
MACHINERY.
WOOD, TABES MORSE,
EATON, MADISON COUNTY, N. Y.,
MANUFACTURERS OP
Steam Engines,
Portable, Stationary Agricultural.
Hundreds in use in Shops, Printing Booms, Mills.
Hines, and on Parma and Plantations, for Grain
THreshlng, Food Cooking for Stock, Cotton Ginning
Rawing. An. |g*Circulars sent on application.
FURS.
BASSETT HAMMOND;
Furriers and Hatters,'
106 West Madison-st,
Furs Altered and Repaired in the Best Manner.
HATS. GAPS AKD FU riS
HATS m Fffi
Oar stock of the abo7e is comoleze, and
we are prepared to offer special induce
menis to tkose favoring us with their
patronage.
LADIES’DRESS FUSS
Axn
Children's Head Dress
WE 3IAKE
A SPECIALTY.
To those favoring ua with a call, we
promise polite attention, and a display of
goods in our line second to none to ha
found in the city.
BREWSTER,
Matter and Furrier,
Opposite Field, Loiter A Co.,
Twenticili and Statc-sts.
Hats, Cans Furs.
We are opening, this
week, a full and com
plete line of Gloves. Hats,
Caps, and Ladies’ and
Misses’ Furs, suitable for
city retail trade during
the holidays.
A, N. EDDY GO.,
167 MICHIGATST-AV.
MISCELLANEOUS,
To GaMalis and Vessel Oners.
We will furnish dockage for vessels
for the winter at South Chicago y and
also storage for sails, &c., free of
charge.
We have spacious accommodation,
where vessels and property will notbe
exposed to damage from fire, and
where repairs may be made. Harbor
open and free for entrance. Address
Capt. McDole, at South Chicago, or
The Calumet and Chicago Canal and
Dock Co., at 360 Wabash-av. Owners
will pay expenses of putting property
in store and removing, but nothing for
storage and dockage.
CALUMET AND CHICAGO
CWAiiCKCOiFY.
Eiver-st., South. Chicago,
And 360 Wabaah-av., Chicago,
TO OWNERS OF
Real Estate.
Parties wishing 1 to exchange Chicago real
estate for property that can be made avail
able in a short time, will call, between 4 and
5 p. nu, at 476 West Adams-st.
LUTHER EAEXIN BULLS,
Atorney-at-Law.
SEEIGM BELLS!
SKATES! SKATES!
AT
J. L. WAYNE SON’S,
14 JVorth Canal-st.,
Between Randolph and.Lake ste.
MEW VORK
Ready Roofing.
Two and Three-ply Wool Felt, Single Felt for Sheath
ing, Roofing Cements, etc. Can ho applied “WITH
OUT HEATING" by any person.
WILLIAM LITTLE «fc CO., 224 W. Randolph st
LIVERY.
The only first-class Livery and Board
ing Stable in the Burned District. A fine
stock and best of accommodations for 20
to SO boarders. Parties wishing to buy
or sell will do well to call,
H. NEWTON CO.,
187 and 189 Washington-st.
Tlio proof tl at Dr. Karsh’s Patent Radical Caro
Truss will cure Rupture is the testimony of those who
have worn them and been cured- In use now over 13
years and has cured thousands of cases. These and
all kind of Trusses. ShoolderJßraccs, Elastic Stockings,
apparatus for deformatles. etc., accurately fitted by
MARSH BOWLES,
Southeast corner Slate and Eighteenth-st.
NOTICE,
Office of the Clerk of the
County Court of cook County.
Chicago, Dec. 1,, 1371.
Persons having demands against the County of
Cook are requested to present the same at my office,
in the High School building, on Monroe-st, on or be
fore Monday, Dee- 4,1371.
J. G. GINDELE. Clerk.
PRESS WORK.
EZRA A. COOK 00 M
STEAM PRINTERS,
23,25 and 27 North Cllnton-st., are prepared to do first
class PRESS WORK on three or four weekly papers
at reasonable rates, ON A NEW POTTER PRESS.
We are also prepared to cast tip-top Rollers for prin
ters promptly. Cali and ace us.
Bridges, Roofs, &c.,
The Michigan Bridge and Construction Co. are pre
pared to erect wooden, iron, or combination roofs or
bridges at short notice.
Correspondents please address Michigan Bridge and
Construction Co., Detroit. Mich.
TO BANKERS
And others, Wfty don’t von yaaltOj £O., o|
FIRE BBlCffl
ROBINSON SON., 213 East Madlson-at.
BURNT PAPER.
Writing Perfectly Restored.
The writing on papers badly charred, in fact so
much so that great care had to bo taken to prevent
them from falling to pieces, have been perfectly re
stored by using our
INK DEVELOPER.
More than fifty different firms have already used it
with perfect success in cox»ying their books and papers.
Cali at our office. Union Park, corner Madison-sc.
J. MORRIS CO.
OID BOOKS.
The highest cash price paid for old Books and Id
hraries. Call or address the cheap Book Store.
CHAPIN CO.. 562 Wabash-av.
COP AH’
KOTICE-~COPAETMEBHIP.
The undersigned have this day asso
ciated themselves together under the
firm and name of 'Wm. Young Co., for
the purpose of a general commission
business, WH. YOUNG.
ALEX. McD. YOUNG.
HANSOM W. DUNHAM.
Chicago, Deo. 2,1871.
Copartnership Notice.
Frederick Milkman has retired from our firm. The
business -will ho carried on under the old name of
Henry Oppenhoimer Co, at 199 Broadway, New
York.
HENRY OPPENHEIMER CO-
Copartnership Notice.
John A. Ellson. having sold out his entire Interest
In the firm of Wm. A. Butters Co., to .thelother 1 other
members thereof, thereby retires,—! ho. business to u
conducted as heretofore, by the undersigned, wno are
alone authorized to collect the assetsand payj c
hUities of said firm. WM. A- BUTTER* CO.
Chicago. Nov. 6.1671.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
"""nDISSOWJTIOHr.
The copartnership of Field, £_^?f s .l2ived In*
pircil hy limitatlou, 1 the, Ann u ffii™Srtll
mutual consent, from this i:s it FIELD,
sign In liquidation. oeSboes Kl\G.
Chicago, Dec. 1,1671. B. W- MlltXi’S.
The undersigned trill continue the usual business of
the firm aa hcretolorc. c E FIELI>-
CMc.igo.in.. 1.1571.
DISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP
Tim firm of A. S. Wadhams Co. Is this .lay dis-
Steffi 11 lu
seta of the lau a MARK A. TORREV,
Chicago, November 21.1871.
Tin* business of manufacturing Regalia Pharapher.
-..i1l Jtc *c.. will bo continued at 4C3 West Mad:-
SSSt.7 bl A. S. WADHASIS.
STOVES AKD FOAJTA
THE CELEBR cD
BiibnqiieSoftj
BASE-BURf
A perfect gras and smo ..h
er, economical in corns mptio.
of fuel; the greatest heater in
existence. Fire kept 48 hours
without replenishing. Satisfac
tion guaranteed. Manufactured
by Burdett, Smith Co., Troy,
FT. Y. For Bole by
TILLOTSON BROS.,
MicMg’an-av.,
COEHEE JAG2SSOM-S3
EMFIMi
GAS BURNER
Stoves and Furnaces,
'Together tet/h a fnl! Hue of Cook Stores,
are sold note, as before the fire, aft
LMTEiVWOBTH’F V
-218 West Lake-st. i.
STOVES, I MANGES,'
STOVES, RANGES.;
STOVES. RANGE'-'.’,
A.\D
Housekeeping Gd j
3}jllt opts
Comer Wabash-aT. Twenty-
FULLER, WARREN GC
Office: North Pier, near light House.
Poll assortment Stewart’s Stores, Lawson Fnrnr-*
Warren Ranges, The only wholesale store
house left by the great lire, with the largest am*
complete stock in the West X
St. James Hot:'.
LOCATED i
Corner Clark and Polk-a*!
Containing I§o Booms. The Largest..,
Best Furnished Hotel in the Weg.
SI. A. LOBIX6, Late Slattesoi)
WILLIS HOWE, Late St. James Hate*
Will be pleased to see their old friends. Aai
bosses for the NEW ST. JAMES.
Clifton House,
NORTHWEST CORNER OF
mm! m mmm,
W. A. JENKINS, Proprietor.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL.
Accommodations for the fall and winter at very mod*
erate prices. Inquire at Biverald j Hotel, or at the of*
Coe of the Riverside Imj rovemeat Oompasy,
*yo« wa ra«tt-av.
Arrival and Departure of Trainsi
Mich. Central Sc Great Western Railway*
Depot—Foot of Twenty-seoond-at. Ticket office, 71
Canal-st., corner Madison.
Kail (viamain and airline)....—* 6:13 am 857pm-
Fast New York Express tfcisam 7:47pm
Jackson Accommodation (daily) 358 pm 10:32 an
At. Ex. (daily) via Air Line. 5:23 p m 7:17 af ra
Night Express. p m &17 a m
4 Saturdayexcepted. Sunday excepted. Monday
excepted. henry cTwentworth,
Genera. Passenger v.
HI fools Central.
On and after Not. 12,1871. and until urthar
passenger trains will leave and arrive at Depot, tov
Twenty-second-at, as follows*'
Leave. Arri*-
St. Louis Express fcso a m *B~
St. Louis Fast Line t 7:10 pm 7:l*-
Cairo Mail 950 a m 850 b?
Cairo Express t 7:lopm 7t&Z.:-'
Keokuk Passenger t 7:10 pm nv:
Gilman Passenger 5:25pm 9c,tf
Hyde Park and Oak Woods. 6:25 am *7:3* anr
do do do *l2sDpm 9:108$*
do do do 3:lopm *lssjvf;
do do do sns p m
do do do 6:30 p m ••7153.r
♦Sundays excepted. tSaturdays exqe^it
Chicago* Hock Island Sc Pacific Kallroad*xa--.
Depot—Corner Van Boren and Sherman-sti
Ticket Office—33 West Madiaon-at.
Pacific Express...... *IOSO am 410 dix
Peru Acc0mm0dati0n,............* 4:39 p m *9:45 a*
Pacific Express... *10:00 p m t'soa*v,
Lcavenworth Express 'lO-.00 a m ■I:!/’ 7
An elegant parlor sleeping car is attached to the '.v
a, m. tranx running through to Council aaa
Omaha.
Chicago and Alton Hallrond—Chicago* Altonffev
St. Louis Through Line and Louisiana, MoV
New Short Hoato between Chicago and Knn>
man City*
jjxiox Depot—West Side, near Madlson-st bridge,
Leave. Arrive.
St. Louis Springfield Ex., via
Main Line .....*9:lsam *BSO pa.-'
Kansas City last Ex via Jackson
ville, HL, andLouaiana, M0..*9:15am *4:3 op s
Wenona, Lacon «t Washington
Ex. (Western Division) ~*9:lsan *4:3 opt.
Joliet Accommodation *4JLO p m *9:40 a m
St. Louis Springfield Night Ex.
ria Main lino |S;3opm *4:30 pm
St. Louis Sprinllflcld lightning
Ex. via Main Line, and also
via Jacksonville Division— &00 p m 57:15 m
Kansas City Ex. via Jacksonville __
ill*, and LmiackMo.,r—*** wj?m cas»£
•Except SnmtayTtOa Sunday run* t
only, tExcept Saturday. {Daily. HExcept Monday.
Lake Shore Sc Michigan Southern Hallway*
Depot—Corner of Polk and Sherman-eta.
Ticket Office, southwest cor. Madison and CanaLvtSr
Malt, 6:4oam fcOOrm
Special NewVork Express.
Atlantic Express (daily)...
Night Express
Chicago, iZarlington Sc Quincy Railroad
Ticket Office under Briggs House, cor. Canal and Mad-
iscn-sts. Depot cor. 01 andSixteentb.sc.
Mall and Espresa,,,.. 7:3oam' •40Spxs
Pacific Fast IniS.,.. *10:45 a m 320 pa
Galesburg Passenger.. 350pm *8:10pm
Mendota Ottawa Passenger.* 450pm 955t a
Anrora Passenger s:3opm 850 am
Pacific Night Express ——l 950pm 4 7:45 am
Downer's Grove Accommodation* L4spn 650pm
DownerisGroveAccommodation* 6dSpm *losopm
Riverside and Hinsdale 6:30 am 950 am
Riverside and Hinsdale *IOSO am 150 p m
Riverside and Hinsdale A^ 4s^B
•Sundays excepted. fßaturdays excepted- fMondSJV
executed.
NOTICES.
Chicago* Danville Ss Vlnceonea Bollroiidt
Milwaukee Depot— Corner Canal and Kinsle street*.
West Side. Freight Office at C., C.& Da Co.'a
office, corner Hoisted and Carroll streets. __
Mail Train, Chicago Time..—pm 9-JO ft r--
Chicago 2fc Northwestern Kallwpy* *-i
Ticket Office-Southeast comer ol Clark and le!r»
sts.
'SJOam t
„■*lfc4s am *3dS p
19:43 p m *O3O ft St
Clinton Passenger.
Pacific last line...
Pacific night express..***;*'
F01 15^ 6 _ -9:00 pm *230 pH
Bloci City'and' Daboqae ei- ;|:oo.m „££*’s
MlTwanice mail *£s?
SHSSS^Js 1 5 S r'
SffisSJsJSw|S(doUrt.'l«opm if-:
*&SpS
tf famuUv WTffffltArt. ♦Ratnrflara *a tMmuljT*
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan.l. 1572, for the better accommodation
of our rapidly increasing
Chicago and Western Trade,
we will open a Branch Salesroom
Corner michigan-av. and Harri
son-st., up stairs.
TEOS. FSASIBY SOWS.
gy FACTORY—I. C. 8 and 10 Union -t.. Albany^NAE
A. LIEBENSTEIN GO.,
319 Micliigan-av., near Tivcinh-st.,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
CROCKERY,
Table Glassware and Lamp Goods.
-ii
HOTELS,
H. F. KXTTREDGE.
TIME TABLE.
WINTER ASSA2ra£S£SST
SHOES.
CROCKERY.