ILLINOIS.
Yesterday’s Proceedings in the
State Legislature.
A Large Number of Bills Intro-
dnecd and Referred.
%hicago Land Title Bills Ee
ferred to a Special
Committee.
S3
jjjj Despatch to The Chlcseo Trltmae.
ROUTINE BUSINESS.
k Springfield; Nov. ic.—The business transacted
Si Houses this moralng was pt a very rou
lue and unimportant character. In the Senate,
jothing more was wud of the Governor's message,
bd a few bills on a third reading were referred
Lot to committees, either, as in the case of-tho
[ill to incorporate towns and villages, because
ho committees wont to make amendments and
[iterations, or because it is considered advisable
to pet the bills out of the way. In the House, a
'i few bills were Introduced, including Root’s and
'i Judge Gary’s bills on land titles, and Turner’s
5 bill throwing open to women all places except in
the military service. Bills on first reading were
taken up, and tho order of business was very
g faithfully adher«Vto, andanmnber of hills were
iread, which will never pass.
THE GOVERNOR VS. GENERAL SHERIDAN.
It appears as if a more careful reading and eon
s [deration of the Governor’s message has chang-
I the views of many concerning It. There arc
S liardly any who are willing to admit, as general
1 the principle, they would be satisfied to have any
I Mayor or other subordinate officer transfer them
1 at bis pure will and pleasure to the charge, and
1 put them under the control of military officers,
i because he might think the emergency demand
fied it, and so. while many Delieve there
f vaß a sufficient emergency at Chicago, yet thoy
|do no t, on reflection, feel disposed to find fault
B with the Governor for entering a protest against
.l n precedent, which, but for tha’.mightbe relied on
Has authority for similar action in less urgent or
'iiwholly nnlniportantcascs. They regret the ap
>al-j, a rrut conflict between two men who did so wen,
•abut they see the reasons which influenced His
slxxcelleucv. and think them powerful. So far os
:16iig letter to State’s Attorney Eecd is concerned,
tShvv have verv generally come to the conclusion
'A®hat the Governor is directed to see that the laws
Sire enforced, and that that gives him full power
\|»o address ail State’s Attorneys on the subject, and
|so make to them such suggestions ashemaydeem
'SfcdvjpaMe where justice is denied or is
(o harshlv administered. Tho Legislature will
•obablv take no action in the case, and most of
e speech-making, if any, will bo don© by Demo
nts, the Republicans being perfectly willing,
th one or two exceptions, to let things alone,
id attack or defend neither side. Chicago
embers remember the feeling of relief they had
Sen Sheridan was stated to be in charge, and
e overthrow of civil Überty has often had its
irinuius in the nee of illegal military power for
i* protection of the people.
I’KOUAtU.E LENGTH OF THE SESSION.
ifcTl'ero is among Senators a disposition to work
.v Jjard and steadily and dispose of Zthe Legislative
•?api*ortionmonl and clear off their desks by the
'•'•.Js.t of January, and they will probably doit.
r*‘ is a similar disposition among members of
xhc House, but they probably will not do It.
COOK COCNTT RECORDS.
i The special Committee on Cook County Rcc
onls will not be announced till to-morrow. King,
if- oi Couk, will be Chairman, and the Speaker wul
j.- endeavor to select a mixed committee of lawyers
and business men, who may manage to report
next month.
y THE QUESTION OP PRECEDENCE,
i In view of the greatnnmber of bills which will
be placed on the calendar, and of the fact that
*5 certain measures arc of pressing importance,
t-omo -want to designate by resolution the subject
if which shull have preference, but each bill has its
friends, and It is difficult to get a vote largo
v enough to postpone their projects. The House
3 does hot appreciate the value of time m«ch more
I than last year.
BILLS UEAT>.
In the House, in the afternoon. Short's revenue
lull ami some other bills -were read a first and
fci-cond time.
3N THE SEKATE.
In the Senate various amendments to tho rules
were adopted.and a resolution to print the Gov
cnmr’h message was tabled, all the Democrats,
smd Dore, Earlr, and a few other Republicans
voting in the negative. The ground generally
given for refusing to print was that it was not
m-c-t ssary. and was a waste of money. Nothing
I was said against it the previous day, when most
I t. ere against it-
THB COMMITTEES.
The Legislation Apportionment Committee meets
tn-niorruw. The Insurance. Municipal Corpora
|t:»nsfand Revenue Committees will got to work
Itvun.
f LEGISLATIVE PROCEEDINGS.
SENATE.
RULES.
r Ihj' report of Ibe Social Committee or Buies,
'vlr.ikiag sundry modifications, v.'aa laid over.
t
t RESOLUTIONS.
F.ewdutionß were offered calling on the Secre
>tarv of State for the House bill extending. .tJux
•U”.riMliction of iJie r«aeri ujix iiotlior*
’’iJ.Tinc the President to fill.the vacancies in com-
Imiuees, which were passed.
I CANADA THISTLES.
1 Mr. WHITEN G offered a bill in relation to Can
facia thistles, providing for the election of a CoA
2iniM*ioncr of Canada Thistles in every town, who
>-.f shall receive $3 per day. His duty is to inquire
jlnto the introduction of thistles into his dis
ilrict, and take charge of all growing on any
jToad and eradicate the same. If he finds any
jm>wlng on a man’s land be is to quarantine the
spot by staking it off. If ho cannot agree with
the man he must dothe staking off of the infected
land himself, the man having an appeal to the
Board of Supervisors. The Commissioner must
liiot spend more than tIOO on one infected spot,
ami must report yearly to the Board of Super-
making all suggestions ho may doom
1 sSiiccossary. Fines and penalties are plentifully
JSprovidcHl. Flagg offered a bill to compensate
.Mgrommlss loners of State Board of Charities, by
Ulgiving them *SOO annually, in addition to ex-
while In discharge of duty.
DRAWING FOR 8 c.ATS.
The Senators then proceeded to draw for seats.
SENATORS SWORN IN.
I Pcnotors Daggett, of tho Eighteenth, and
(Anderson, of the Third District, were sworn in.
TOWNS AND VILLAGES.
BThe Senate bill for tho incorporation of towns
and village* was referred to the Committee on
Municipalities.
dills INTRODUCED.
The scats having been drawn, the following
i hills were referred to committees
For an net to enable counties to establish nor-
Q lual schools.
Vj For sin net to protect the purity of elections.
V For nn act to repeal Chapter 80, R. S., entitled
Ihicmnv,
I Fur an act to provide for the education of dia
frMod K)ldlors, etc.
i For an act to investigate the new State House
BLimagcmcnt.
LINCOLN PARK COMMISSIONERS.
It. F. Culver, 8. 11. Stockton, F. H. Kales, 8. M.
‘l' kcreon, and Wm. H. Bradley wore nominated
y a message from the Governor as Commission
r- of Lincoln Park, Chicago, and were unani
mously consented to by the Senate.
Tae senate then adjourned until 8 p. m.
The Senate met again at 3 p. m.
THE GOVERNOR'S MESSAGE.
I Vpon motion of Mr. LITTLE, the whole matter
luting to the printing of the Governor** mos
was laid on the table, by yeas 17, nays 1G; all
y 1 democrats and a few Republicans voting in
11.*- negative.
hills introduced.
J Mr. ryDERWOOD introduced the following
‘siHc: For an act making It a misdemeanor for
:ulhtr or officers to Bell school property; for an
to prevent-companies from selling, and
punish newspapers for advertising
.jpitorr tickets; for an act for
Jb'' selling of commons near French villages.
Xhe latter two were ordered to a second read
ing; the others to a committee.
SENATE RITEES.
The consideration of certain amendments to the
Xtil«> of the Senate, from. a special committee,
r occupied the attention of the Senate for the
of the afternoon.
PER DIEM FOR JLRSEKTEES.
A rcpni«tlon_to allow the per diem to some Sen
ator* absent from the fpeclal session, and an
-amendment to include the Sergeant-at-Arma, who
*was absent in Europe, and General Turobin, was
v referred to coimnitloe.
l\> HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
CHICAGO RECORDS.
The ITonse met at to o’clock.
1 Jlr. KING, of Cook, offered the following,
fv“which was adopted:'
WiiEURAS. On the 9th day of October, IKTI, tho roc
«leods, mortpappH. Ac., of the Countvof Cook,
and the recent, judgments, decree*. Ac., of tho Clr
.cult. sunrtinr, Criminal, and County Courts, were do*
ptiovrd hv fire.
jUfoiTca, That the Sneaker appoint a committee,
.•oon-'lsUiiß of nlae members, to consider the enhjecte
above mentioned, and to.prcparo and. report to tills
lUlor bills as the exigencies of the case
-jnay require.
RULES.
Hr ROOT offered a resolution; which was
Sdupted instructing the Committee on Rules to
revise them so. Os to secure expedition of busi
ness, and he.also 'gave notice of a proposed
amendment to tho rules to make them conform to
those of the Special Session.
petitions.
Several petitions were presented praying for a
Jcmpcrmice law.
I LAND TITLE BILL.
I Mr. KING, of- Cook, introduced a hill to amend
-Chapter 2.* of the Revised -Statutes, eta., being tho
i t»Ill m relation to land titles drawn by the Judges,
f which was referred to the Special Committee.
COUNTY OFFICERS.
VMr. KNOLES Introduced a couple of bills fixing
-the fees, and salaries of county officers, and. also'
■defining the duties of County Attorneys respoot
teg administrators, executors, etc.
ANOTHER LAND TITLE BILL.
§Mr. ROOT offered a billbn tho subject of land
-•Titles, prepared bv himself, which is as fellows:
Jftu. for an act to reproduce and reestablish the
[public rccord-of plate and maps in cases where
jllie same have been or may bo injured, lost or
destroyed by fire or other casualty,
fcEcnoN 1. Re it enacted, a e., Thatwbencver the
public record of any plat or map whlchdsre
-aulr»*d by law to be kept by the Recorder of
ZJH-edfi, has been, or may hereafter be. Injured,
I r destroyed by tire, or other casualty, it
1 ««hnll be the duty of the State Attorney of the
■county in which such injury, loss, or destruction
55*. u J rcd or ball occur, to file with the Cir
f information setting forth substan
jSSlTtV? Si!,.°iA uch U *T, lose, or destruction,
•with the circumstances attending tho same, as
enttu-asmay be. and thereupon the Clerk of such
such information to bo pub
■jf}3l*hed in fuU in one or more public newspapers
{vjiuldished in such county, fof the period of throe
f r-wn kB. together with t notice that the court will
time therein to lx? designated. proceed to hoar
jand determine the matters In said information set
P -rfaHh. and will take testimony for the purpose of
and re-establishing such records of
[-snips and plats as the court shall find to be in
lost, or destroyed. All persons interested
t. nmy appear In person or by counsel, and be heard
tttichiug such proceedings. If the court shall be
P* i.-tleo that any public record of maps and plats
t l*eu iniurea, destroyed, or lost, an order to
c ih;it effect shallbe re-entered of record, andthcre
xn«m the court shall proceed to take testimony for
jmn*osc of reproducing and re-establishing
Ibe record so injured, lost, or destroyed, Wit
'.*Hrsscb may bo czuminod and sworn as lu other
Mtfbses, and copies of such public record, of maps
iffffcini phits may 1m- introduced and x>roven as lu
of bif-t instruments.
L .jXLe pi'oceedingsjmay. bo .conUuuod from time
to time whether In t-rm or not. The Clerk shall
make a true copy of all maps and plats adlmrcd
by the court to be correct conies of the records in
jured, lost, or destroyed,and shall file the same
In the office of the Kccorderof Deeds with ncer
tified oopy.of the order or Judgment of the court
In the premises attached thereto; and the same
when so filed in the Ito-ordcr'a office, shall be
deemed and taken in all courts and places as nuie
lie records, and as urimn/nefe true and correct
reproductions or tho original records so Injured
loj-t, or destroyed. ou
Snr. 2. It shall be the duty of the court to de
termine the cost and expense of any proceeding
under this act. and shall designate file amount
due to each person, and the Clerk shall certify
the same to the proper county authority who
slud! cause the same tolas paid out of the
County Treasury to the pcrsoSa designated by
,ll ,v?, L l°™! u aoa of the court as aforesaid. 7
W HEUtAS, By reason of a fire in the city of
Chicago on the Bth and ath days of October
1871 the Public records of maps and plats in the
Recorder’s Office of Cook County were destroyed
by fire, whereby nu emergency has arisen u a
reason why this act should take effect before the
tst day of July next, therefore, this not shall take
effect and be In force from and after its passage.
;r LEGISLATIVE EXPENSES.
The .roles were suspended, and a bill Intro
ducedby Mr. SPRINGER, providing for payment
of certain contingent expenses of the last session.
was road the flr*t time, and ordered to a second
reading.
WOMAN’S BIGHTS.
Mr. TURNER offered a bill to secure to all per
sons freedom in the selection of labor, providing
that no person be debarred from any profession
or occupation, except the military service, on ac
count of sex.
.^,^9?‘ IONTO RECONSIDER.
Mr. ABMBTROMJ moved to reconsider the
vote by which the drawing of seats on the previ
ous day had been xnado.
The motion to reconsider was tabled—yeas 69
nays, 43.
LIFE INSURANCE.
The bill to further regulate life insurance, offer
ed by Mr. vocke, was read a first time and order
ed to a second reading.
PENITENTIARY RILL.
Mr. SPRINGER’S bill for leasing tho labor of
tho Penitentiary convicts and abolishing the Pen
itentiary Commissioners was partlv read, and
then sent back to tho Penitentiary Committee.
CHICAGO CITY-CHARTER.
The bill providing for giving all cities of 100,000
peoples legislative department composed of two
bodies—fifteen Cormcilmen elected from divisions,
and two Aldermen from each ward—
and giving power of removal to tho Mayor, and
of course relating to Chicago, was taken up on the
first rending.
Mr. SPRINGER wanted It sent hack to tho
committee, since other amendments to tho cltv
charter would probably bo required.
The bill was not referred, but was read the first
time.
Mr. KING, of Cook, said there wero other
amendments to bo introduced, and ho wanted the
entire subject considered as a whole.
It was moved that it be referred to tho Cook
County delegation.
Colonel TURNER moved that it be sent to the
Committee on Municipal Corporations, and all
motions were withdrawn, and tho bill ordered to
a second reading.
COMMITTEE ON THE GOVERNOR’S MESSAGE.
The SPEAKER announced as the Committee
on tho Governor’s Message Messrs. Haines, Gal
loway, Price, McMullen, Rice (of Sangamon).
Hives, and Webb.
nnxs INTRODUCED.
Bill for providing for the purchase of a thou
sand copies of the compilation of the laws, rela
tive to counties not under township organiza
tion, and the distribution of the same; for the
assessment of property and collection of taxes,
the latter being the Short Revenue bill; for pro
hibiting the sale of liquor on Sunday, wore read
a first time and ordered to a second reading.
The bill to repeal the law establishing State
equalization, was read a second time and ordered
printed.
A bill in relation to the collection of wages of
workmen, was read n second time and sent to
the Committee of the Whole.
THE INSURANCE INTEREST,
Mr. HURLEY offered a resolution that the
Committee on Insurance be instructed to report
as to the expediency of placing foreign insurance
companies on the same footing as United States
companies, provided they report at New York
sufficient deposits for the protection of property
insured by them in this country.
Mr. BURLEY spoke briefly in favor of the res
olution, which was adopted.
Several unimportant oills were read a second
time.
Adjourned.
FOREIGN.
Sis Persons Killed by a Mine Ex
plosion in England.
The Pope Preparing an Address
to the European Powers.
The Austrian Government Or
ders a Popular Election
in Bohemia.
Great Britain.
LoKDOJf, Nov. 16.—A tremendous explosion oc
curred In tbo colliery at Wigan, at a late hoar
ycsterday.S The buildings in tho vicinity rooked,
people rushed from their houses, and a panic pre-
—r’-'W waa lumw) tw» «k.
country around for several miles around, and
mncli alarm -was t It. Fortunately tho disaster
occurred after the working gangs had withdrawn,
or the loss of life would have been appalling. Six
men were killed, and possibly one or two more
will be found. The cause of the explosion is un
known.
Heavy gales prevailed all yesterday and last
night around the British coast, and several casu
alties to the shipping arc reported, but no Ameri
can vessels aro mentioned.
The Bank of England has reduced the rate of
discount to 4 per cent.
Austria,
Vienna Nor. IC. —Count Andreassy, the now
Premier, and the Russian Minister nt this court,
have exchanged visit* several times since the
election of the former to the head of the Ministry
of the Empire.
Vienna, Nov. 16.— the Bohemian Diet still re
fuses to send Deputies to the Reichsrath hero.
The Imperial Government is discussing a propo
sition to throw the election open to tho people of
Bohemia, so that they may choose and send dele
gates to tho Beiohsrath, without tho interven
tion of the Provincial Diet.
Prague, Nov. 16— Evening.—An Imperial decree
has been received from Vienna, ordering an im
mediate election for members of tho Austrian
Relchsrath directly by tbo people of Bohemia.
The usual public notifications of holding an elec
tion were at once issued.
Bclginm.
Brussels, Kov. 16.—Various reports have been
in circulation in regard to Mr. Jules Favre, late
French Minister of Foreign Adairs. Some had It
that he had been appointed envoy to Belgium,
and others that he would be sent to London on a
mission of special Importance. A despatch to the
lndc]>endaiice Beige, from Paris, states that no
appointment has yet boon made, but it Is known
that the question of making Favre Ambassador of
France to Great Britain is under consideration in
the French Cabinet.
Italy.
Rome, Not. 16.—1t Is said that the Pope intends
to address a communication to the European
Powers protesting against certain acts as viola
tions or international law, and the rights and
dignities of the countries concerned. He will
specify, among other acts, the expulsion of nuns
from convents, and the forcible suppression and
closing of certain international religious houses.
Turkey.
London, Nov. 16.—A despatch from Constanti
nople reports that there wore SdO cholera deaths
there lust week.
France.
London, Nov. IC.—lt is reported that Jules
Fuvre has received an important diplomatic ap
pointment/probably an Ambassadorship of the
highest rank.
Switserlnnd.
Berks, Not. 16.—The corporate authorities of
this city have resolved to revive and enforce to
their fullest extent within the city limits the fod
crallaws prohibiting the existence of gambling
banks and lotteries within the Confederation.
These laws have for a long time been practically
obsolete.
China and Japan,
Yokohama, Oct. 33.— Tho new Government of
Yokohama has entertained foreign Consuls at
dinner, and made a radically progressive speech,
Shanghai, Oct. 12.— John Mnlzcham, British
Consul at Shanghai, died on tho 9th Inst.
Barcn Richtofen has started to explore tho ex
treme northwest of China.
Morethan three hundred lives were lost at Ma
cao during the typhoon of Sept. 2.
-Minister Dow tins returned to Pekin.
The Corean expedition seems to bo given up.
The rains continue in tho north. Within tho last
ten days the water has been higher than at any
days. Twenty thousand square miles
of territory have been inundated. One thousand
people wore drowned in New Chiimg.
THE gTT-.TTT.TTX.
Amst of miscreants—Horrible Borbtri
ties—Taftnmany Implicated.
New York, Nov. 16.—a Raleigh, N. C.. desnatoh
states that six Ku-Klux were arrested in 9l Yat?
oey County, who are charged with murder
arsom bmgiary, and rape. They had whipped
Mr. Hensley and his son, and drove out w B
Brakins ana his wife, and burned his house. Thev
then went to the house of Alfred Brakins, a blind
man. burst his doors open, boat him Learly to
death, tore on Infant from Mrs. Brakins, dashing
it across the room, and throe of the villains out
raged her. She is dying.
A YorkviUe despatch states that the prisoners
here will bo turned, over, to tho United States
civil authorities for trial next week. An official
there states that there is evidence that the Ku-
Klux wore supplied with funds from Tammany.
War. Itopartmeat Wesllier Report.
'Washington, Not. 16,—The low pressure In the
Missouri Valley will probably move into lowa,
with easterly winds, increasing to a gale by Fri
day night on Lake Michigan, and by Friday morn
ing on Lake Superior. Increasing southerly
winds, with threatening weather, and possibly
rain, from Illinois to Louisiana and westward.
Clear and pleasant weather from Michigan to
Alabama, and in the south Atlantic States.
Northwesterly winds back to northerly with di
minishing foroc, and clearing up weather in tho
Middle and Eastern States. Dangerous winds are
not anticipated on tho Atlantic coast on Friday.
Cautionary signals continue for this evening at
Norfolk, Capo May, Baltimore, New York, and
New London.
Son Fraaciiee Insurance Companies.
Nov. ic.—The Faclfio Insurance
to withdraw its Eastern
tbcPaeUl^Coast? 1^ business hereafter to
President Of tho Firemen’s Fund.
oL ChlC! S’ on Saturday, to adjust and
Sees at uT,?v;.. T f 0 c n r ,,n continue Intel
ucss at Uie tast, Imytag a capital unimpaired.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, istE
NEW YORK
Democratic Leaders in Council—Re
organization Proposed.
Further Accounts of Damage by the
Late Storm.
Daily Review of tbe Leading
Markets.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Trlbuma.
GOLD.
New York, Nov. is.—Gold was dull all day,
and the temper of tho market continues to bo
beorish. Tbe opening prioo was 111, and tho close
111 x-8. There wore no other quotations. The
rates paid for canylngwero 3,2, and 1 per cent to
flat for borrowing. Tho bids for Treasury gold
aggregated 13.500,000. Tho sum of 91,000,000 was
awarded at prices ranging from ill to 111 5-100.
Jay Cooke Co. obtained $500,000 at 111 l-ioo.
MONET
was easy, and closed at sto 6 per cent. There
were no traces of the little flurry of yesterday
afternoon, and the largo amount of Insurance
money here awaiting the final adjustment of loss
es In Chicago is against any permanent high rates
on coll for the time being. London, at the present
time. Is noting as a clearing house for France and
Germany, while New York is acting as a clearing
house between Chicago, London, and Eastern in
surance companies, and this mopey is plentiful at
both points. The working of tho market
this season has been entirely exceptional as
compared with previous years. Comparatively
speaking, little currencj' has gone either South «r
West, the only importannt movement to the lat
ter section having been after tho Chicago fire.
The establishment of new National Banks in part
accounts for tho diminished shipments. The par
alysis of business at Chicago has also disturbed
the usual coarse of domestic exchanges. Tho de
mand for tho hog product is yet to bo supplied,
but the low price of pork will materially diminish
this demand. Commercial paper is in growing
demand, and prime is now quoted at Bal3, and
tho greater part of tho business over
9 per cent. Tho announcement that the Bank of
England had reduced its rate of discount from 4
to 6 per cent created no surprise, os it was expect
ed for the past two weeks.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE
closed strong at 109 to 1091-8 lor sixty days, and
109 7-8 for sight.
GOVERNMENTS
fell off at tho noon call, and comparisons showed
a decline of 1-8 to 1-4 per cent on nearly tho whole
of the list. The exceptions wore ’Bl old, and new,
css, which remained steady at tho morningquota
tions.
SOUTH CAROLINA BONDS.
The fall in South Carolina bonds was arrested
to-day at 30. It Is impossible to say what may
bo the future course of this stock, howevir, as
holders are still very nervous over their security.
PACIFIC RAILWAY BONDS'
Central Pacific bonds closed firm at 103 to 1031-8;
Union Pacifies at 90 1-8 to 90 1-4 for first class,
37 3-4 to 78 1-4 for land grants, 80 I*2 to 81 for in
comes, and 25 to 251-8 for stocks.
THE STOCK MARKET
opened strong, but prices declined in the after
noon 1-2 to 2 per cent. The heaviest decline was
in Western Union, which fell from 69 1-4 to 67 1-4.
The market revived somewhat at the close. The
justed to-day. The now board met and elected
Stockwcll President, and F. W. G. Bellows Vice
President. The resignations of Messrs. Clews
and Lockwood were accepted, when they were
made individual stockholders and elected to fill
the vacancies.
BREADSTUFFS.
There'was more demand for flour to-day, and
more steadiness was noticeable in the low and
medium grades. Choice Wisconsin and Minne
sota are in good demand, and choice No. 2 and
superfine sold vrelL At tho close the market was
strong, with a good inquiry. Holders of wheat
were firm, and at tho close tho market was fair
ly active. Choice qualities were desired, and, but
for tho advance on freights, a large business
would have been done in spring. Com was dull
and lower, and closed heavy, the inquiry being
chiefly for tho trade. The advance in freights
checked the export demand.
LTo tho Associated Press.]
MITCHELL VS. I»IX.
New York, Nov. IG. —John Mitchell pained a
point, to-dny, in his suit against General Dlx for
alleged false imprisonment, Judge McCann deny
ing n motion to transfer the case to a United
States Court for tho reason that it did not come
under tho act of Congress of 18G3 or 1868, the ar
rest having occurred June 14,1665. subsequent to
tho date fixed by the Presidential proclamation
at the close of the rebellion.
Tho rumor of the resignation by Tom Fields of
his seat In the Assembly is untrue.
REFORM DEMOCRATS IN COUNCIL.
An Albany special says Governor Hoffman mot
tho Democratic State Senators at Troy, to-day, to
consider the propriety of an extra session of the
Legislature, to pass the now reform charter, al
ready drafted by O’Conor, Tilden, and others, for
New York and Brooklyn.
CHOLERA.
One more death hy cholera at the West Bonk
Hospital.
DECISION REGARDING FORGED CHECKS.
Judge McCunn has decided, in the cose of a
forged check, that the bank paying it Is tho loser,
though drawn on another institution. Tho Na
tional Mechanics* Bonking Association suffers
115,500.
BALLOT-BOX STUFFING.
Judge Gilbert, of the Supreme Court, has grant
ed a mandamus restraining the canvassers of
Kings County from proceeding with tho vote of
one district of the Sixth Ward, where it is claimed
that the ballot-boxes were stuffed, and it was an
impossibility to poll* smn ny votes as appeared.
ANOTHER HORSE CAR DEMOLISHED.
A horse car was demolished at Newton, E. 1.,
lost evening by the South Side Railroad train.
F«urteen passengers jumped off In time to save
their lives.
PROPOSED DEMOCRATIC CONSOLIDATION.
Ex-Governor Seymour to-day hud a long confer
ence 'with Samuel 6. Courtney, Chairman of the
Apollo Hall Democratic Com nlttee, relative to
a reorganization of the Democratic elements in
the city and State. It is known that Seymour' is
anxious for the consolidation of the party here,
-with a view to excluding the corruptionists of
Tammany from the future working or the party.
TWEED'S SUCCESSOR.
It is now stated that the ring men have de
cided on Francis M. BLxby, a well-known mer
chant of this city, to succeed Tweed, when Twool
resigns, and it is understood that he will accept.
INOBRBOLL.
Ingcrsoll's father states that his son's bail bond
is all ready, but that no arrest has been at*
tempted.
SNOW.
The drat snow of the season commenced falling
here at 7 o'clock this morning.
TUB RECENT STORM.
Additional accounts show that the effect of the
storm in this vicinity, on Tuesday night, and by
the high tide yesterday, were quite severe. A
largo quantity of the Harlem data was washed
away.
IN NEW JERSEY,
the Morris Canal overflowed, submerging base*
moots, carrying off lumber, boats, yachts, etc.,
and damaging over SIO,OOO worth of property.
The lecture-room of the Methodist Church at
Bergen Heights was blown down, and the church
was damaged. In Newark, over $20,000 worth of
property was destroyed by wind and water.
Several unfini shed hous.s were demolished, and
cellar basements were flooded. At Elizabeth a
brick foundry and. llvo buildings were blown
down. The damage to the shipping was con
siderable, and it is expected that further losses
will be reported. An unfinished church in Plain
field was aim destroyed. A Presbyterian church
at Freehold, N. J., was partially demolished by
the gale.
HOMICIDE.
During n scuffle, last evening, in the canal boat
A. R. Clark, nt East River, James Mulavany was
shot and killed by a son of Captain Monger, who
was defending his father.
A CHANGE.
The residence of Mr. Nathan, who was so mys
teriously murdered, is being converted into a
gambling den.
MORE DEVELOPMENTS.
The Committee of Seventy have evidence of
false counitng in nine wards, which will result In
unseating two more Tammany Assemblymen.
REVENGE,
Abont one hundred laborers have boon dis
charged from the Parks Department, they having
voted against tho ring men. They intend to ask
Comptroller Green to reinstate them.
ANOTHER SWINDLE.
Another means by which Tammany is said to
have been extorting money Is, an Imposition of
fines by the city authorities for alleged obstruc
tions by tho sign-boards of dealers.
The Coß|rcgatioßßliali,
Tho following constitution was adopted at tho
Congregational Connell in session at Oberlln, O.:
Article 1. The Congregational Church of the
United States, by the Eldera.and Messengers as
sembled, do now associate themselves In a na
tional conference to consult upon the common
interest of all tho churches, their duties in the
work of evangel nation, the united development
of their resources, and their relation to all parts
of the Kingdom of Christ.
AhT. 3. They agree In tho belief that the Holy
Scriptures arc the sufficient and only rule of faith
and practice, their interpretation thereof being
In substantial accordance with tho great doctrine
of Cbristaln faith, commonly called evangelical,
held in our own churches from the early times,
and sufficiently set forth by former General
Council.
Art. 8, Section i. They agree in belief that the
right of government resides in local churches or
congregations of believers, who are responsible
directly to tho Lord Jesus Christ, tho one head of
Church Universal, and of all particular churches;
but all churches being in communion, one with an
another, as parts of Christ’s Catholic Church,
have mutual duties subsisting In obligations of
fellowship.
Sec. 2. The churches therefore, while establish
ing a national conference for the furtherance of
the common interest and work of all churches' to
maintain the scriptural and Inalienable right of
each church to self-government and administra
tion, and this national conference shall never ex
ercise legislative or Judicial authority, nor con
sent to act as a vmferenoe of reference.
Art. 4. And for tho convenience of orderly con
sultation they establish tho following rules:
1. Tho churches will meet in national confer
ence every third year. They shall also bo con
vened In special session whenever any five of-the
General Associations or conferences shall so re
quest. The churches shall he represented
at f each session by delegates
of ministers or laymen, appointed In number and
manner as follows: The churches assembled in
their local bodies may appoint one delegate for
every ten churches In their respective organiza
tions, and ono for a fraction of ton greater than
one-half, it being understood that wherever the
churches of any state arc directly united in a gen
eral organization they may,, at their option,
appoint the delegates in such body, instead of In
a local'organization, jbut in the above ratio lu
churches so milted.
2. in addition to the above, churches unit-
Ed in State organization may appoint, by such
association, one delegate, and one for each 10,00
communicants in their fellowship and
one for a major fraction thereof, it
being recommended that this number of delegates
be in all oases divided between ministers and lay
men as nearly equally as is practicable.
3. Such Congregational general societies for
Christian work and the facilities of such theologi
cal seminaries as may be represented by oae dele
gate each, such representatives Having the right
of discussion only.
OFFICERS.
1. At the bcgpmiug of every stated or special
session there shall be ohoson by ballot from those
present as members, a Moderator, and one or
more assistant Moderators, to preside over its de
liberations.
2. At each triennial session there shall be
chosen by ballot a Secretary and Registrar and a
Treasurer, to serve from the close of such session
to the close of tbC next.
triennial session. At each triennial session there
shall be chosen a provisional committee, who
shall make needful arranvements for the next
triennial session called dining the interval; com
mittees shall be appointed, and in such manner
us may from time to time be ordered.
Any member of a church, in lelloiv
slilp, may be elected Secretary, Registrar or Treas
urer, ana such officers as are not delegates shall
have tho privileges of members except that of
voting.
BT-LAW9.
1. The conference may make and alter by-laws
at any irieaumil session.
2. Amendments to this constitution shall not be
altered except at a triennial rcasiou- and
bv atwo-thiru vote, notlcetheroof having been al
tered or amended except at a triennial session and
given at a previous triennial session, or the pro
posed alteration having been requested by some
General Association or conference of churches,
and published with the notification of the session.
“WASHINGTON.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
DEPARTMENT OF TILE PLATTE.
Washington, Nov. 16.—Tho President, upon the
representation of the Nebraska Congressman,
has agreed to order the Restoration Department
of the Platte to embrace Nebraska, Wyoming,
Colorado and Utah, headquarters at Omaha. Gen
eral Reynolds will probably bo placed In com
mand.
THE KU-KLUX TRIALS.
Attorney General Stanberry, of Ohio, has
been associated with Rcvcrdy Johnson, to defend
tho Ku-Klux cases at the approaQhing
trial at Columbia. 8. C. Funds are being
raised throughout tbs state with the view of cor
ryln gup the case and testing tho constitutional
ity of tho Ku-Klux law.
GEORGIA.
There is no truth in tho statement that tie
habeas corpus is about to be suspended in several
northern counties of Georgia, and that the Attor
ney General’s office is now engaged in preparing
tho draft of a proclamation. Tho
President states that the sub-committee
now engaged in investigating tho matter in this
locality have as yet made no report, and that un
til then tho Executive will take no action. The
future policy of the government as to these coim
tlcs will bo governed cntirely.by tho recommen
dation of tho sub-committee whoa they make
their report, as was the case in South Carolina,
where martiallaw was declared mainly through
the representations-of Senator Scott.
VACANCIES.
All three positions of Deputy Commissioner
ship of the Internal Revenue Bureau arc vacant.
There ie a desire at the Treasury to fill them by the
promotion of deserving officers, but the political
pressure is so great from several quarters to se
cure the places that the chances arc that all will
be given to outside parties.
LEAVE TO WITHDRAW*.
Tho resignation of Calhoun, Pension Agent at
Philadelphia, was requested by tho office hero.
No defalcation has been reported, but tho irregu
larities in keeping the acconnts wore of a charac
ter the Commissioner could not overlook. The
unadjusted account amounts to about $5,000.
[To the Associated Press.]
CONDITION OF THE CHICAGO NATIONAL BANKS,
"Washington, Nov. 16.—The Examiner designa
ted by the Comptroller of tho Currency to make
investigation of tho affairs of the Chicago Na
tional Banks, damaged by the late fire, reports
that the losses will be in reality much loss than
was estimated just after the fire, and that under
the circumstances the condition of the banks is
excellent.
THE PHILADELPHIA PENSION AGENCY.
Major D. R. B. Ncviu will bo appointed Pension
Agent at Philadelphia «.in place of Calhou. The
friends of the latter gentleman say ho will pay all
due the government.
TO RESIGN.
Colonel Given, Third Deputy Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, will tender his resignation
early next week for tho purpose of entering upon
his duties as Attorney for tho Tenth District of
lowa.
INDIANA.
The Henryrille Tragedy—Continued Ex
citement In Clark County—Discovery
of Goods Stolen at the Chicago Fire*
Louisville. Nov. 16.—Tho excitement In Clark
County over the Parke tragedy has only slightly
abated. There is no danger of lynching tho pris
oners. A number of other negroes
have been arrested on suspicion, including
ot\Tcrliuineiff^laj% ft
brought out tho fact that he had been receiving
quantities of stolen goods from cuioaen since the
fire, a large lot being found packed In a uox.
The grand jury has been m session 1 day at
Charleston, where.tho prisoners liavo been taken,
to examine into the affair. The prosecution
thinks there is evidence enough already to find a
bill
Helen Parks is still lingering. Eveline has ap
peared slightly better, but could give no addition
al light upon the subject.
The Lale Storm on the Lake.
Toronto. Nov. 16.—Advices from all lake ports
represent the storm ns very severe, with great
dnmnge to shipping. The schooner George Foote
of Detroit, Is ashore at the mouth of the Niagara
River. Crow saved. The propeller Enterprise is
aground in South Bay. The tug Bam Lewis Is
ashore in the lower sound; supposed to be a total
loss. The gunboat Prince Alfred wont to the
assistance of the schooner Gold Hunter, and took
her in tow, but was obliged to cut her adrift to
save their own vessel. The Gold Hunter had on
board a Captain, mate, and four men. The Cap
tain of the gunboat thinks the schooner capsized.
Erie, Pa., Nov. 16.—The schooner Montcalm
went ashore early yesterday morning, two miles
cast of Girard, Pa. There were ton persons
aboard of her. All efforts toward their rescue
were unavailing on account of the heavy sea
until 7 o’clock this morning, when they were
taken off. No particulars os to the cargo or des
tination are known.
Telegraphic Brevities.
George Wllmeth, a boy aged ll years, son of J.
B. Wllmeth. of Bloomington, was instantly killed,
on Wednesday, by falling beneath the cars at tho
Illinois Central depot.
—Nicholas Smith, a fireman in tho service of
the Chicago St. Louis Railroad, fell from his
engine on Wednesday night, at Towauda, and
was very seriously, if not intally, injured.
—A special to tho Milwaukee itening Wisconsin,
from Beaver Dam. Wia., says: “Tho Post Olfioe
here was broken open last night. A thousand let
ters were opened, and 820 worth of stamps were
taken.”
—Tho official returns for Governor of New Jer
sey show Parker’s majority to be 6,007.
—A Scranton despatch says consternation pre
vails at Hyde Park, Pa., In consequence of the
earing of earth over tho Oxford line. Buildings
wore badly shaken, but there was no injury to
persons. There are large apertures in the streets.
—The severest gale known in Maine for years
commenced on Tuesday night, and still conunaed
up to last evening. The sea ran higher in Rock
land harbor than has been known since 1855.
Wharves and shipping were badly damaged.
—Despatches from Arizona say that the Indi
ans who butchered Wickenburg state that the
passengers scattered greenbacks around on the
ground. They did not take oven the coin from
the bodies of most of the passengers. Active pur
suit is being made. The press of the Pacific coast
are unanimous in their bitter denunciation of
Colycr’e interference In Arizona.
—The committee appointed by a mass meeting
in Bt. Louis, a few meetings ago, to take measures
to secure the holding of the National Republican
Convention in St. Louis met on Wednesday night.
A committee, with cx-Scnntor Henderson us
Chaiimun. was appointed to prepare an address
to the National Executive Committee urging them
to select St. Louis as the place lor holding the con
vention.
TMH CITY IN BBHSF*
A Thoughtful Contribution.
It was a neat idea, that of McKcono, Van Hoa
gen Co., of Philadelphia and New York, the
well-known manufacturers of lino toilet soaps. It
occurred to them to send 20,000 pieces of their
best soap to the Chicago sufferers, and they did It,
and the large shipment arrived safely, and by
this time a goodly portion of the sapient and sap
onaceous contribution has found its way, through
the Belief and Aid Society, to the houses of hun
dreds of people too poor to indulge in the luxury
of flue toilet soap. That it was timely and wel
come no one can doubt. With this largo consign
ment weie two boxes, sent by McKeone, Van Haa
gtn «k Co., for the use of the compositors, press
men, etc., of The Tribune. The soap is elegant,
and meets with a hearty appreciation.
Era Boston Wonted,
While the fire was in progress on the North
Side, a lady named Mrs. Nolan succeeded in safe
ly reaching Lincoln Park, where, during the en
suing night, she was delivered of a line, healthy
girl babv, which, In duo time, was christened
Eva Boston Nolan. Some ladies in Boston hoard
of the circumstance, and proceeded to organize
and forward n nice, elaborate wardrobe of Infant
wearing apparel, which was sent In care of the
Good Samaritan Society, of which John C. Haines
is President. Eva Boston has now disappeared,
®bd her well-wishers are exceedingly anxious
that she should come forward, and take posses
sion of her outfit. If this should meet the eye of
n °y o* the young lady’s friends or acquaintances,
they will please mention it to her.
Boston’s Generosity.
TbeFanenll Hall Relief Committee, Boston, had
for Chica
go. and $1 .600 for Michigan and Wisconsin. The
Joooffdcn s Christian Association has forward-,
ed 1.163 oases of goods, valued at *XM,(»o, and 133.-
840 in money.
-Bober* Collycr’t anneal to Boston, for aid to
rebuild hta choroh at Chicago, waa answered bv
a contribution of *7,200 at Etv. EEHalo's
church, where he preached last Sunday morning,
and about *1,300 at the Church of the Unity
■where he spoke In the evening. Among the mtl
Ifying proofs which Mr. Colder
the esteem entertained for him and his -work in
Boston arc a gift of *soo, three-fifths of It for Ids
own use, and from William Gray an order to draw
upon that gentleman at sight, quarterly for a
salary of »S,OOO for the year 1873. lor
Announcements.
All photographers and those employed In pho
tograph galleries, are requested to meet at 504
West Madison street, on Saturday evening, at 7 i-a
o’clock, sharp.
—Anna Dickinson’s lecture Out of the
Depths” this evening, at the First Congregational
Church, comer of Ann and Washington streets
under the auspices of the Young Men’s Christian
Association, opens the first course of lectures
ever announced by the association. It will be fol
lowed on Tuesday evening of next week br her
popular lecture Demagogues ami Workingmen
nx the First Baptist Church, comer of Wabash
For “to or tickets
see advertisement in amusement column.
SlUeellaaesos.
United States Senator Sprague, of Rhodoleland,
days^* 1 of tho Trcmout House for several
Unghea, of the firm of Hogan d: Hughes.
who did 60 mu ch last season
patrons of the Dearborn Theatre,
'“afiagement of Billy Manning, died in
NewJl ork, on the loth Inst., or c msompßon.
of U7 Nona Haisted
Bptt|ng on a Madison street car,
S^ r n C il l t?i°, n i7? ate day afternoon, was knockocf
JKf®iK S bu S6y* His left arm was dls
thtfjoint* elbow lind a physician adjusted
Illinois, and James Ward,
i 52. in a Pl-reon-shootlng match
afrTmfTi^nn k I l^? niplon3lli K und S SOO a lde
Saturday last One hundred single
ecnra of Mto wf hot a? Bo ß ardu 1 w toning by a
P*» formerly Professor, and
Professor of Anatomy, of Chicago
cr£t flS’ wa V n England at the time
eifit^po7rt^^s dd Bed a Btlrrin g letter to the
of the Leeds Mercury, urging that orgaui
onPe Perfected for the collection
nndforwarding of relief funds.
rhiSlS» on fi lfkand Hospitals, of the
BteS Sf hA?fS e o f^ d Ma Society, report the
a ““f °vL e at tlle barracks to be generally
and^nearfv^fttSff 66 am ®ll*P°x have occurred,
tNor ♦im n if^^ I V red on tbo streets, last evening,
♦life ow in session, will preset,
inriam» eSrtnV.fn Williams, a series of reso-
Sfrml Si g action r General Sheridan
during the lire, and commending him for his
in bringing troops to the city to pro
trict. 0 rder 111111 l proiHirty in the burnt dis-
Nt wcro caUed out at halt-
Madison street. .The pepper S in the raw
J 4 f^. I)Ur ed nS ut; and tlie furniture nearly all de-.
Tllo °obt.-nts of the lower story—
both^iom’Snt 111111 d:l IIla ed l>y water; The
1068 bj both elements was about S6OO.
a man, named Dan Reagan.
raa i' xndei ij t v e influence °f liquor, stoppedat
nHow ail l be «sed the engmoer to
odlow him to lie down near the furnace and get
P enu lttcdto do so, and had not
l era minutes before ho bod an attack
of dritnum tiymms, and died. In one of His coat
an application to tho Board of
Pubhc Works for the position of Janitor at the La-
Salfo steeet tunnel. The Coroner was notified,
and held an Inquest
„—A gentiemnn who registered himself os “G-
C. Morion, Burlington, lowa.” was found dead in
bed at the CliftqnHomc on Wednesday afternoon.
When he rotire<l, on Tuesday evening, he request
ed tuo clerk not to awoken him In the morning,
as he was tired and wanted to take a good sleep.
No one went to his room until about 4 o’clock in
the afternoon wLen his dead body was found.
On a table in the room were several empty pack
ages marked morphine,” and the Coroner’s Jury
returned a vtrdiot thut death was produced by
an overdose of that drug administered by his own
hands.
THE ETEE DEPARTMENT.
Alcciing of the Commissioner*-Firemen |Pnn«
Ished—The Hose Question—The Responsibil
ity for “Mixed M Hose Shifted by Sheridan
—Copy of Mr* Brown’s Resignation as a
Member of the Board.
A regular semi-wet kly meeting of the Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners was hold at tho
Madison Street Station, yesterday afternoon.
President Brown in tho chair. Present—Commis
sioners Gund and Sheridan.
'William Otto, driver of the Waubansia hose
cart, was sentenced to forfeit one day’s pay for
leaving his engine-house without permission.
4 Potcr Phelan, plpeman of the same engine, did
the same thing, and forfeited five days' pay.
A communication was received from Jailor
Folz, offering the use of a lot on North avenue,
near Larrabee street, free for one year, if tho
board would erect thereon an engine house and
police station. The offer was accepted, and the
acting Fire Marshal and the Chief of Police were
instructed to procure lumber, and see that the
necessary buildings wore put up.
A number of bills for supplies furnished the
two departments since the 15th of September
were audited and ordered to be paid. They
amounted to between ss.ooo and $7,000.
Tho question of hose then came uo. and Com
missioner Sherdan, in answer to a statement of
Third Assistant Marshal Benuor. that tho hose
stored in the Armory was mixed when it was
taken out, asked if It was expected that the board
should run around and look iuto such matteis.
Orders were issued to the engineers to look after
tho hose, and it was their duty to do so.
Marshal Benner sad that some of the hose that
had been tested at 145 pounds to tho inch would
not stand within ten or fifteen pounds of it when
imt on an engine. A great deal of tho leather
iosc, after it had been put on the carts, proved
to be full of holes. A man who understood how
to repair hose ehoull bo employed, Hohnd beard
of one, qualified to do it, who had offered hU ser
vices at 475 a month.
Commissioner Brown said tho board was not
authorized to engage any such man, and they
were not allowed to take money appropriated for
another purpose to pay such a person’s salary.
Members of the Council had asserted that if any
money appropriated for u specific purpose was
used for any other purpose, tue aiuount would bo
chnrgedto the Individual members of the board.
He also stated that tho Board of Public Works,
under authority fiom the-Commou Council, were
selling the bricks and debris of tho engine and
station houses. The Board of Police had not
been notified of this, he having accidentally dis
covered it. Ho suggested that the board sub
scribe for the official paper, in order to loam
what the Council were doing, as they were never
told.
m>*v-iua iUlu
SIR. IIKOn s*o tuMMwxnnir.
After the adjournment of the board our re
porter inquired of Mr. Brown if tho rumor of his
fe-firoation was true, and that gentleman replied
it was. and that bis formal resignation as Police
Commissioner was in tho hands of the County
Clerk. Stepping across tho street to the High
School building, whore Mr. Gindele has his office,
the reporter was permitted to copy Mr. Brown's
letter, which is as follows:
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors of Cook
County or their euceestorsin office;
GENTLEMEN: I hereby present this my resignation
of the ofllco of Commissioner of the Board of Police of
the city of Chicago, the same to take effect on Monday,
December 4, 1871. Bcspeotfully,
T. B. BROWN.
CniCACO, Nov. 11.1871.
LADIES’ BELIEF SOCIETY.
Sketch of the Organization and the Good and
Glorious Work it Is Accomplishing,
It may not bo generally known to our citizens
and those of other places that the Ladies* Relief
Society, which was organized in Chicago on tho
19th of October, at tho house of Mrs. Wirt Dexter,
is actively and efficiently engaged in behalf of
sufferers by the late lire. From the time of its
organization it has been recognized as a valuable
coadjutor by tho Chicago Relief and Aid Society,
and is working in supplying clothing, for which,
otherwise, there would be great want. One of
its primary objects is tt> seek out
those persons, sufferers by the fire,
who shrink from making their wants publicly
known, even to tho Bureau of Special Relief,
and relievo them as quickly and as delicately us
possible. Already .through tho indefatigable labors
of its Visiting Committee, much assistance lias
been rendered to many or tho most worthy and
beloved of our townspeople.
Delegates who have been received from St.
Louis, Pittsburgh, Dayton, as well os from Hyde
Park and other places in our Immediate vicinity,
expressed themselves as highly pleased with the
organization, and have since forwarded valuable
donations.
For the supply of clothing, the society has an
Employment Bureau. Rooms have been opened
<rhcrc seamstresses are furnished with work. From
thirty to fifty, under a competent forewoman,
are now busily engaged in macing garments for
tho Chicago Relief and Aid Society. This work
is under the careful supervision of the ladies, who
allow no waste of materials In oatting or careless
ness in sewing. Through this Employment Bu
reau poor, homeless girls, whose means of living
were taken away by the lire, by the loss of their
machines, or their places, or both, and who were
rapidly coming to the extremity of poverty, find
useful work, and true, kind friends. To all
tfiooghtful persons, therefore, this work must
commend itself. Societies in onr own and other
localities are co-operating with the Ladles’ Relief
Society, cither through committees or by corre
spondence, ns many prefer tho personal direction
they are thus able to give, in some measure, to
their contributions. The officers are as follows:
President— Mrs. John Mason Loomis.
Wee President— Mr*. Robert Laird Collier.
Recording Stcrcta ry —Mrs. 8. H. Gay.
CorrtrponAingSecretary —Mrs. Wirt Dexter.
SYeaturer— Mrs. George M. Pullman.
w4*n>fant Treasurer— Mrs. Martin Andrews. _ _
Employment Committee— Mrs. J, W. Foster, Mrs. O.
M. Pullman, Mrs. I*. Z. Letter, Mrs. J. M. Walker,
Mrs. M. Andrews, Mrs. O. C. Gore, Mrs. Wirt Dexter,
Mrs, R. L collier, Mrs. J. C. Hilton, Mrs. S. Reeve,
Mrs. A. C. Badger. Mrs Palmer Kellogg, Mrs. N. R.
Falrbank.
itafribiitfon fbiumflfc#—Mrs. Wirt Dexter, Mrs. O.
H. Pullman, Mrs. Palmer Kellogg. Mrs. D. A. Gage,
Mrs. F. M. Mitchell, Mrs. R. L Collier, Mrs. L. Z.
Loiter.
ViXtfno ftommfttee—Mrs. C. H. McCormick. Mrs. Dr.
Locko, A. C. Ba.lgcr. Mrs. F. M. Mitchell. Miss N. J,
Lunt, Miss N. T. Ajcnew. Mrs J. M. Walker, Mrs. M.
Andrews, Mrs. N. ft, Fairbank.
Communications, os well ui donations and con
signments, should bo addressed to Mrs. Wirt
Dexter, No. 869 Prairie avenue.
BEAL ESTATE.
Instruments Hied for Record on Thursday,
Nov. 16*
May st. bet Eighteenth st and Lake st, w f, Six
100 ft, dated Sept, 27: condidcrntlon, SBOO.
Lots 25 and 26 In Pope’s Block 9, of Cook and
Anderson’s w 1-2, n e 1-4, Sec. 24,39,13, dated Oct.
18; consideration. 1600.
Emerald st, 142 ft sof Thirty-fifth st, ef, 21x126
ft, dated Sept. 14; consideration. 83,500.
Shurtlcff ov, between Thirty-first and Thirty
second sts. wf, 25X125 feet; dated Sept. 14; con
sideration, 13,500.
West Taylor st. 180 feet west of Latin st, n f,
COxiso feet: dated Got. 18; consideration, 914,000.
West Washington st, between Carpenter and
Morgan sts, nr, si 1-4x175 1-3 feet; dated Nov.
14: consideration, 110,000.
Lots 31 and 32 in Block 46, Bee. 7,39,14, being on
Walnut st, between Lincoln and Wood sts; dated
Nov. 14; consideration, $4,000.
Lot2i, in Campbell’s Block 2 of Morris* w 1-2, s
w 1-4, Sec. 18, 39, 14; dated Ncv. 1; consider
ation, sl,ooo.
Undivided 1-2 of Lot 76, In Block 63, See. 7,39,14;
dated Nor. 1: consideration, SSOO.
Lot 6 m Wilson’s n w 1-4, Block 33. Sec. 7.39,14;
being ne cor of Washington av and Paulina st;
dated Sept. 3; consideration, $2,000,
Lot 23 in Block 24. Ogden’s Addition, being s e
oor. of Fourth and May sts; dated Nov. 14;
consideration, $2,000.
Fulton st. 150 ft wof Lincoln st, if, 75x125 ft;
dated Oct. SO; consideration, $15,000.
8 1-3 of w 1-2 of n 1-2 of Lot 28 in Ellis* East Ad
dition. being 22x130 feet on Johnson place, dated
Sept. U; consideration $2,300.
Undivided 1-4 of Block 6 In Walker Stinson’s
w 1-2 sw 1-4 Sec 2,38,14 (except Park), dated Oct,
17: consideration $22,500.
Lot 1 of Abell’s Lot 1 in Block 5 Cleaverville,
dated Nov. 6; consideration $7,150.
Lots, 25,26 and 27, in Blook l, of Travers’ ne 1-4
Sec. 8, 38, 14. dated August 1; consideration,
estate mortgages and trust deeds, 19; quit
claim deeds and releases. 17; other instruments
conveying property in Cook County,-8; chattel
mortgagee, 7; together with 115 documents
which were xe-recorded by reason of the tin.
Nrw York Dry Good* market.
Nsw York, Nov. 15.—The dry goods market
was quiet. Anion? wholesale eommlssion houses
and jobbers there la but little change. Chapman
S bleached musliu Is’ reduced Irom 13 to 12 l*2c.
Other staple! fabrics are steady at 13 l-3a130 for
standard brown sheetings. 14c for heavy brown
drills, 2ic for New York Mills bleached muslins,
SOu for Wamsntta do, U l-3o for standard makes
of fancy prints. 7 l-2o for printing cloths, 20c for
monsdelaines of new and desirable styles, 331-20
for Imperial reppa, 66c for worsted braids, 80c for
God's and other popular makes of alpaca braids,
and SOc for best 6-cord spool cotton.
New Verb FUincial News*
New York, Not. ig.—Gold steady at ill l-Balll
1-4. Loans were made at from Ito 3 per cent for
carrying. -Clearing. 127,000,000. Bids for govern
ment gold amounted to 15,500.000—at from 110 26-
100 to m moo. The awards were $1,000,000 at from
ill to 111 5-100.
The government bond market was strong to the
close of the day.
The stock market was generally heavy during
the aftrrnoon. and prices were i-a to 2 per cent
lower. The greatest decline was in western
Union, which fell from 691-8 to 671-4. At the close
there was a. steadier feeling and a slight
recovery from the lowest point The prin
cipal dealings were in Pacific Stall.
Western Union, Wabash. Erie, and New York
Central. Union Pacific has been exceptionally
firm at about 25. The Pacific Mail matter has
been amicably adjusted. The new board met to
day, and elected Aldenß. Btockwell President,
and F. W. G. Bellows Vice President. The resig
nations of Messrs. Clews and Lockwood were ac
cepted, when they were made individual stock
holders and elected to fill the vacancies.
Money this afternoon was lent at 5,6, and 7 per
cent. The closing rates were 5a6 per cent.
Southern State securities on the last call were
dull and heavy.
Reports from London say it is estimated that
10,000,000 stcriingbelongingto the French Gov
ernment. are on deposit there and hold for pay
ment of the German indemnity. The monetary
disturbance in Paris has partially abated. It is
reported that the Bank of Franco intends to
double Its capital, making it 375,000,000 franca.
Money is plenty in Germany and rapidly drifting
into American securities. Germany will early
next year redeem 30,000.000 sterling of the war
loans, half of it in January and February.
Sterling, 109.
Governments:
Coups, ’6l 117 1-4 I Coups, *67 114 3-4
Coups. '62 i Ull-2 Coupe, *6B 114 7-S
Coupe, ’64 m 3-8 I 10408 109 7-8
Coups, *65 in 5-81 Currency 6a 113 i-a
New.-. U4l-8
State bonds:
Missouri 97 1-2 I Virginia, old 691-4
Tennessee, 01d.... 67 7-8 OldN. Carolina 38
Tennessee, new... 67 s-8 I N. new. 19
Virginia, new..... 66 J
Stocks closed:
Canton 69 3-4 Book 151and.......10S
Western Union... 67 3 4 New Jersey 1081-2
Snloksllver 211-2 St. Paul 66
aripoea St. Paul, preferr’d 77 3-4
Mariposa, preferid Wabash 615-8
Adams Express.. 861-2 Wabash, preferrid 801-2
Wells A Fargo.... 65 Fort Wayne 96
American 691-4 Terre Haute 18
United States..... 671-3 Terre Haute, pfd. 60
Pacific 46 3-4 Cl A A .....116
N.Y. Central 913-8 C. A A., preferr’d 119
N.Y. Central scrip 87 1-2 O. A M 39 T-8
Erie 30 7-0 C., a A O. 85
Ole. preferred... 65 C.. B. A Q. 125
Harlem 123 Lake Shore 85 5-8
Harlem, prefert’d 123 Indiana Central., xoi-8
Heading.... no 6-8 Illinois Central...l3o
Michigan Central.l3ll-2 Union Pacific ....25
Pittsburgh ;134 1-3 U. P. b0nd5........ 901-8
Northwestern 60 3-8 aP. b0nd5.......103 7-8
Northwestern pfd 891-3
Foreign Markets
London, Nov. 16—1:C5 p. m.—lncrease of specie
in the Bank of England, £817,000. Consols, 93 1-2
6-208 Of '62, 91 7-8; *058,92; *878,94 5-8; l(H0s,
901-4.
Paris, Nov. 16.—Rentes, 66f 600.
Liverpool, Nov. 10—Evening.—Cotton firm;
middling. 9 l-2d Orleans, 9 3-4a9 7-Sd; sales 15,000
bales speculative and export, 400 bales.
California wheat, 13s; spring, lls and lls 6d;
winter, llsßd and lls 9d. Flour, 250305. Corn,
3353 d. Pork, 475. Beef, 578 6d. Lard, 40s 6d.
Cheese, 695. Bacon, 34a 39a; short
rib tallow, 46s 9d.
Antwerp, Nov. 16.—Petroleum, 481-2f*
New York I* ire Stock Market.
New York, Nov. 18.—Beeves—Receipts, 2,400
for two days. Market strong at Monday’s prices.
Somethin State dry cows sold atTaSc; Texans,
Bi-2a90; fair Western. 10 l-2allo; prime 120—a
few 12 l-20, and some holding for 13c. Sales of 6
cars Texans, averaging 5 3-4 owt, at 8 3-4 c; 7 oars
Ohio, averaging 7 1-2 cwt. at llal2o; 6 oars Illi
nois, averaging 61-2 owt, at 10 l-2c. 67 lbs per
cwt.; 7 cars Kentucky, averaging 7 3-4 cwt., at ll
El2l-2C.
Sheep—3,ooo arrived, and trade very dull. Tho
dead meat markets are lammed with cheap, stale
mutton. Prices are weaker, but not muclxlower;
go Pennsylvania lambs, 70 lbs, sold atG3-4o; car
Ohio sheep, 93 lbs, 51-2 c; car 112-lb Canadas, 6o:
car 54-lb State lambs, 6 3-8; a few 82-lb Cana
das, Bc.
Hogs—i,ooo to-day, and firm at sas 3-Sc for live,
and Cu7c for dressed. Country dressed plenty at
6c for heavy, and 7 l-2c for pigs.
Buffalo liire Slock Market*
Buffalo, N. Y., Nov. 16.—Cattle—Receipts, 47
cars, making supply 268 ears, against 319 last
week. Late arrivals were not offered, and mar
ket closed quiet, with prices unchanged; sales of
140 Ohio steers, 1,204 to 1,268 lbs, $5.30d5.37 1-2; 125
Indiana, 1,302 to 1 390 lbs, $5 6005.75.
Sheep and Lambs —Receipts, 3,400 head; market
dull and inactive for Western buyers; offering
l-2c lower; Canadas quiet and unchanged; sales
890 Michigan sheep, av 74 to 90 lbs, at $4.00a4.60;
597 Canada sheep, av 112 tolls lbs, at $5.00a5.25;
1,000 Canada lambs, av 79 to 86 lbs, at $6.2506 60.
Hogs—Receipts,2,7oo head; market quiet and
prices a shade lower, closing steady with an up
ward tendency; sales 1,900 at $4.50a4.80 for medi
um to good.
Kbbmi. ritT v.iv*
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Kansas City, Mo., Nov. 16.—Cattle—Receipts,
381 head; shipped to Chicago, 38 cars—724 head;
to St, Louis, 2 cars, 35 head. Sales 143 through
Texans, averaging 981 lbs, at $1.75. Some few
scaUswags at $1.76 to two packing houses. Re
ceipts, 776 head; slaughtered. 850 cattle and 400
hogs. Hogs now quoted at 13.50.
Teasel* Passed Detroit*
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Detroit, Nov. 16—Evening.— Passed Down—
Prop Plymouth; Bark Monarch; Schrs Crocker,
Crossthwaith.
Passed Ui*—Props Vanderbilt. Sheridan. Schrs
Jennie and Annie, San Jacinto, Rio Grand. Brig
Lucy Clark.
Wind—Northwest.
The Produce markets*
NEW YORK.
New York, Nov. is.—Cotton—Firm; mid
dling upland, 17 l-4c.
Bread stuffs— Flour steady; receipts, 20.000
hrls; superfine Western and State, 85.95a6.35;
common to good, 86.C0a6.85; good to choice, 86.85 a
7.35; white wheat extra, 87.35a7.60; extra Ohio,
88.80a7.40: St. Louis, 87.05a9.25. Rye floor and
corn meal unchanged. Wheat opened firmer, but
closed heavy; receipts, 105,000 bu; No. 1 spring,
81.53a1.C0; No. 2. 81.53a1.66; winter red Western,
81.C0a1.63; amber, 8t.65a1.66; white, 81.68a1.78.
Rye firmer; Western, 93a050. Barley firmer;
Vi estern,;ooa9se; Canada West. 81.10. Com opened
firmer, but closed heavy; receipts, 88,000 bn; West
ern mixed In store, 78o: afloat, 790; now, 78 l-2c.
Oats opened firmer, but closed heavy; receipts,
29.000 bu: Western and Ohio, 53 l-2a54 i-20.
Hors—Unchanged.
Groceries—Coffee firm; Rio, 17a190. Sugar
firm; fair to good refined. 8 7-Ba9 l-So: Cuba,
8 3-4a9 i-20. Molasses in fair request; Now Or
leans, 66a700. Rloe firm at Baß i-20.
Petroleum—Crude, I2s-4al3e; refined, 22 l-*c.
Turpentine—67 i-2a6So.
Provisions— Pork steady; moss, 813.00a13.20.
Beef and oat meat unchanged. Middles heavy:
short ribs, 8 l-4o; long clear, 7 3-4afil*Bo. Lard
heavy; No, Ito prime st ..earn, 9 l-4a9 3-4o; kettle.
9 7-Baloc.
Butter —Steady; Western, 12a22c: State, 21a
33c.
Cheesk—Doll at Uauc.
Whiskey—Firm at 940.
MILWAUKEE.
Milwaukee, Nov. 16.—Bread stuffs—Flour
quiet and unchanged. Wheat quiet; No. 3,81.21;
No. 1, 81,24. Oats inactive; No. 2 320. Corn dull;
No. 3,460. Rye steady; No. 1,630. Barley steady
No. 2,68 c.
Provisions—Steady. Mess pork, 812.75.
Hoos—Weak 13.76i4.10.
Freights—Easier; to Buffalo, 10c; Oswego,
140.
Receipts—Flour, 4,000 brls; wheat, 43,000 bu.
Shipments—Flour, 11,000 brls; wheat, 33,000
bn.
NEW ORLEANS.
New Orleans, Nov. 16.—Hay—firmer; prime,
835.00a57.00; choice, 837.00058.00.
Provisions —Bacon quiec; t ahoulders, clear rib,
8 l-4o; clear, 8 l-2c. Lard dull, lower; tierce 9 3-80
10c; keg, 191-30111-40.
Groceries—Coffee Inactive, held fair IBaia l-2c;
good 18 3-6a190; prime, 19 l-lal9 3-40. AH others un
changed.
Monetary—Sterling, 120 3-9; sight, 1-4 per cent
discount ;'gold. ill 3-8.
Cotton— Active; sales 6,000 bales good ordinary
at 17 l-4a17 l-3c low middling, 17 3-Bal7 7-8 c mid
dlings, 18al8 l-80. Receipts, 4,033 bales. Exports—
Coastwise, 1,347 bales; stock. 96,345 boles.
CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, Nov. 16.—Cotton—Firm; low mid
dling, 171-1017 3-6 c.
Erbadstuffs— Flour steady; fami1y,|6.75a7.00.
Wheat steady, at t1.45a1.15 for red. Corn doll and
drooping: new, 430440; old. 50c. Rye, oats, and
barley quiet and unchanged.
Oil—linseed dull at«sc. Lard steady at 80c*
Eggs—ln fair demand and higher, at 30c.
Butter-In good demand at 20a26c.
Cheese—Firm at liaise.
Seeps—Cover in good demand at 10 l-2allc, on
arrival.
Provisions—Pork quiet: small sales at 112.75 a
13.00. Lard in fair demand, bat lower: sales of
prime steam at 8 3-Baß 7-Bc. Bulk meats doll, and
a shade lower; shoulders, 5 £-Bi6e; clear rib,.
7 5-808 l-8o; clear, 7a 71-8, packed 25 days in salt.
Bacon stead v; shoulders. 7 me: clear rib and clear,
7 5-Ba7 3-4 C. Green meats dull and lower: short-
(era, 4 l-8o; sides, 61-4&5 3-€o. Hams; 7 1-20.
Hogs—Dull, with fair demand, holders being
Lnxions to sell: sales at $4.25ai.40; receipts, 15,000.
Whiskey—Steady as 88c.
ST. LOCK.
Bt. Louis, Not. 14.—Cotton—17 l-2e.
Brradstufts— Flour ootivc;loa2oc higher for low
and medium grades: superfine winter, $5.15a5.60;
extra, $5.50a530; XX, $6.00a6A5. Wheat firm: No.
3 red, $1.42; No. 2, $1.53. Com firm; No. 2in eleva
tor held at 60c. Oats active and higher; mixed
on track held at 41043 c. Barley quiet; No. 2 lowa,
60a G2 l-20. Bye firm; No. 2, 70c.
Whibkbt—Easier at 89a89 l-2c.
Psovifiok*—Porfc Jobbing and order lots at
f15.75a1i.00. Bacon dull for order lota; shoulders*
7 5-Ba7 3-<o; clear rib and clear, 80. Dry salt meats
—shoulders and clear rib, from Ist to 10th of De
cember, 6 l*2c; green hams, cosh and December,
7c* Lard—New steam cash and December, 8 5-Sc.
Hogs—Easier; fi.00a4.15.
Cattle—Unchanged.
Receipts— Flour, 4,ooo brla; wheat, 12,000 bn;
corn,2,ooobn; oats, 6*ooobu; rye, 4,000 bn; hogs,
4,000 bn.
TOLEDO.
.Toledo, Not. 16.— Bbexostuits— Flour dull and
unchanged. Wheat dnll, a shade lower; extra
white Michigan, t1.53; Ne.l white Michigan, $1.48;
amber Michigan,.sl.ls; No.-□ red, H.35.’ Com
dull; high mixed, 660; new, -53 3-4o; low mixed,
55c; yellow, new, 54 3-4 c. Oats dull: No. 1,3814 c;
No. 371-2.
Freights— Dull; to Buffalo, 4o; to Oswego, 100.
Receipts— Flour, 2,000 hrla; wheat, 9, 000 ha;
com, 24,000 hu: oats, 7,900 bu.
Shipments—Flour, 5,000 hrls; wheat, 14,000 bu;
corn, 30,000 bu; oats, 26.000 bo.
Cleveland. Nov. 16.—Brkai>6tctfs—TTheat
dull and nominal: No. 1 red ■winter, hold *1.45;
tI.M hid. Com steady; 550. Oats quiet; 400.
Petroleum—Refined steady; 2la2i l*3o car
lots; m trade lota; crude quiet, *4.90a5.00.
i^mayrLLEL
Louisville. Ifov. 16.—'tobacco —Sales 37 hhds
,ugf> at 7 l-2aßc; low to middling leaf. 8 l-to Uo.
Conox—Quiet and firm; middling. 17 l-2c.
Breadstuits —Flour firm; extra family, $8.23.
"Wlu nt quiet and lirm; $1.30a1.40. Other grains
unchanged.
mesa pots, quiet at $12.50.
c:■-.-•c-r-. rr,
Bacon In light at-preyloua quotations.:
Bulk n>Mti fairly aoti shoulders, 5 l*2cj clear
ribs, 6 s-Jo; clear 7 l-20, fc uacked; sugar-cared hams
firm at 14 l-2alsc. Greeh’ meats quiet and nomi
aali;
Hogs—Bange firm at44.40k*4*60.

Insurance Lmm* by the Okkago ffire«
__ From the Spectator (NewYorkJ.;
Thei following, table shows the aggregate,
loss of the companies by States, the number*
of companies in each State, and the numbed*
suspended:
T— ~fli
Aggregate ToVl groti 7bM
state. sf* capital, asset*. losses.
il >i
New Y0rk...... 1(0,130.161 .Zil f34.575.350f21.537.500! 29
Ohio:.. 50; 5.896,75.1 7,068.076 4313.627 S
Massachusetts. 34 8,051.800 13380.763 4.453.5n0> 3
Pennsylvania.. 34, 5.025300 1 13,582,6+4 2,0f2,00d 1
Missouri. 25 2,783354 3,088,054 573,u» 1
Illinois 20 4,314.951 5,788,917 33378.00$ 14
Maryland 19 2.837.651 4.133,003' 337,165 1
Connecticut.... U fi.7u0.000- 13,829.894 9325,0001 7
Kentucky 11 2,000.000 2,224,543 6.80$
Bhoda Island.. 9 1,900,000 3.116.836 2,072,50 a 6
California 7 3,753,660 5,730,630 2,950.00$
Michigan. 3 400.600 690.463 175.00$
Maine a 550,000 900,161 30,00$
Wisconsin. 2 314,175 374.533 290,00$
Minnesota 1 120,000 2803 M 100,00$
New Hamps’e.. 1 100,000 134386
TotaledTJ. 8.... 335>74,939,2165135,420,4?* _
F0reign........ 6 —j 10,459,093 5,313,000
Grand total.. SuT
--Smoking is Terr much on the decline in
England. At the universities not one man in flvo
now stnoKes, whereas a few years at least lour in
five did.
HATS. OAFS AND FOBS.
Wholesale and Retail.
The Largest lest Steel
IN THE WEST.
LADIES’ FINE STiAT. and
ASTRACHAN SACQUES,
MUFFS and BOAS, and all other
FDR GOODS made to order or
repaired on short notice, at their
Store and Factory. Prices low.
J. A. SMITH &CO.,
CABEABT, IMS k G0„
WHOLESALE
HATS, CAPS,
Furs and Gloves,
ARE NOW LOCATED AT
804 Micliipnn-av., between Jack
sou A Van Burcn-sts.,
a full linr of xnr goo4t, which m
offer to the trade at onr WJSVmtEi £Ofl*
BBICBB* Orders faithfully and prompt*
iy tilled
LIVING AGE,
THE LIVING AGE
baa no equal in any conn
fry.”—Philadelphia Press.
II alands at the head of
nineteenth century litera
ture.”—CAicatfo Evening Jour
nal.
“The beat periodical in
America.”— ifep Theodore L.
Cuyler,
Littell’s Living Age.
Issued every Saturday, gives fifty.two numbers of
sixty-four pages each, or more thau
TArre TAonmnil Doubts Colnmu Ocimto
M*mgea
Of readlng.matter yearly; and U the only compila
tion that presents, with a satisfactory complete
ness os well as freshness, the best Essays, Reviews,
Criticisms, Serial and Short Stories, Poetnr, Scientific,
Biographical. Historical, and Political Information,
from the entire body of Foreign Peziodlcal Literature,
andlromtho pensof the
Afliiwi CCVAlltr WiUTERS.
It i» therefore indispensable to every one who withes
to keep pace with the events or intellectual progress
of tho time, or to culUuate in himself or his family gen
eral intelligence anti literary taste.
Extracts from Notices.
Wore X, In view of all Use competitors that are now
In the field, to choose. I should certainly choose ‘THE
LIVING AGE/”— Rev.Henry Ward Beecher.
In no other single publication can there be found
so lunch of sterling literary excellence."—AVio York
Arming Bust.
The best of nil onr eclectic publications/’— 271 c A’a*
Won, AVip PbrA*.
The ablest essays, the most entertaining stories,
tlie finest poetry of the English language, are here
gathered together/’— lllinois State Journal.
For thinking people, the beat of all the eloctlo pub
lications; and the chcnpeeU It Is a monthly that
comes every week,"— the Advance, Chicago.
“It gives to Its readers more than three thousand
double column octavo pages a year, of the most valu
able, instructive, and entertaining reading of the dav.
History, biography, fiction, poetry, wit, science, poli
tics, criticisms. oH,—what Is not heroT It la the only
compilation that presents, with a satisfactory com
pleteness, os well as freshness, the best literature of
the almost Innumerable, and generally inaccessible,
European quarterlies, monthlies, and weeklies,—a lit
erature embracing the productions of the ablest and
most cultured writers living. It is. therefore, indispen
sable to every one who desires a thorough compendium
of all that Is admirable and noteworthy in the literary
wc rid/*— Boston Poet
Published weekly at ftS.OO a year, free of posinqe.
Address IHTTEIX GAY, Boston.
The best Homo .t Foreign Literature at Clnb Prices.
t“ Posse,B!il oi LITTELI/8 LIVING AGE.’ and ol
one or other of onr vivacious Ame l lean monthlies, a
subscriber will find himself In command of the whole
situation.”— PhitadeJphta Evening Bulletin.)
For Ten Dollar/, THE LIVING AGE, weekly, con
taining the cream of Toreign Periodical Literature, and
either one of the leading Magazines of Home Litera
ture named below, will bo sent to ono address for one
year, viz.:
Harper’s Monthly (or Weekly, or Bazar), The Atlan
tic Monthly, Lipplncott’s Monthly, The Galaxy, Old
and New, Scribner's Monthly, The Overland Monthly,
or Appleton’s Journal (weekly): or. for sß*so* THE
LIVING AGE and Onr Young Folks.
Address ns above.
DIRECTORY.
DIRECTORY
Tiie, Tines, ail Journal
Directory Column.
The present Directory column runulng In tho above
papers, has expired, and will bo renewed, for six
months every other day, commencing November IS in
the Times, and Tribune November 20. Those who de
sire their names In tho above papers should apply at
once to
H. H.CHANDLER’S
Advertising Agency,
43 South Canal-st., or at Branch
Office, 446 State-st,
He having exclusive control; over all cards In those
columns. Also, advertisements received for insertion
In nnv newspaper or periodical in tho United States, at
tho 2UBLISIIER’S
LOWEST GASH RATES.
WANTED.
Maple Sugar
WAN TED.
A LARGE cpantly, by GUNTHER,
947 STATE-ST.
INSTRUCTION.
CHICAGO ACADEMY,
No. 11 Eighteenth-si.
HENRY E BABCOCK, Principal.
Next term of ten creeks begin* Mender,
Thorough instruction in all English branches, ancient
and modem languages. ‘Native French and German
teachers give lessons In
particularly -with reference to their use m oonveraa-
Special attention given to classes of young men
preparing for
FOR SALE.
BRICK BRICK
For sale In Quantities to suit purchasers. Can be ex
amlned on cars at depot, corner Clark and Twelfth sta.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
Jflasonic.
ORIENTAL LODGE, No. 33, A. F, «fc A. M. Bogn.
lar communication this (Friday) evening, at 7 1-2
o'clock; at the hall in Masonic Temple, comer West
Randolph and Halsted-sta. A. full attendance of the
members is requested. By order of the Master.
Knights of jpythias.
The members of Iranhoe Lodge, No. 9. K. of P.. are
hereby ordered to attend a Regular Convention of the
Lodge this (Friday) evening, at 7 o’clock, at Excel
slot Lodge Hall, No. SI West Lake-st. By order of the
CHAS. ISMEK, B. <t C.S.
N. B,—Befralnr Convention, every Hist end tmm
lU£Uj- of the month.
AFTER THE FIRE.
Now Is tlie;;ttme to buy Pianos,
Organs, [Melodeons, Brass and
String Instalments, &C,, &c.
formerly 69 Washington-st, now located M
270 AND 614 MICHICIN-AT.,.
hom\-T\v ™™£teri*tio already receive*
Snabe Pianos,
J. Baner Co.’s Planes,
Needham’s Silrer-Tongned” Or-
gans,
And other Musical Merchandise, which they offer to the
pnhllc for CASH at greatly rednoeU rates.
In a lew days they will have on hand a new atvlo
ORGAN,
Most elegant and unique In design, which Hiev invito
the public to call and examine.
Hr* Pianos, Organs, etc., toned, polished, and re
paired; also packed and shipped.
270 and 614 Michigan-av.
SILVER PLATED WARE.
SILVER PLATED
WARE.
We have opened a full line of
Silver-Plated Tea Sets, Castors,
Baskets, Batter Dishes, Spoons,
Forks, Knives, •fee. Also, an as
sortment of
French Clocks,
Watches,
Jewelry and
Diamonds.
N. MATSON CO.,
481 WABASH-AV.
SEWING MACHINES.
GOLD MEDAL
SEWING MACHINE,
393 West Madison-st.
Tbe Simplest, Cheapest, and Best
Sewing Machine In the market. Parties having 1 lost
their Gold Modal Machined by the Are, can have them
replaced FREE. and parties having LOST ANT
OTHER MACAiNE will bo furnlsheua Gold Medal
at 30 pez cent discount from list price.
SAPP’S WALKING MOTION TREADLB
Fnrnlshod FREE on all our Machines. Agents want*
cd everywhere.
banking:
N. TUCKER GO.,
BANKERS,
(late from lima, Ohio), 71 CANAL ST.
will open a Banking Office frr the transactionof a gen
eral Banking business, on tbe 13th Inst.
This house is organized with especial reference to
the business of Banks, Bankers, Merchants. Corpora
lions, and Individuals keeping bank accounts In Chi
cago. Interest allowed on deposits the same as at the
city banks and savings institutions.
Collections made throughout the United States and
Territories the British Provinces, and Europe. Divi
dends and Coupons collected. Orders for the purchase
or sole of Gold, Governments, and State Bonds, and
all first class securities executed for the usual com
mission.
Certificates of Deposit Issued for commercial and
travellers’ purposes, available in any part of tho
Sterling Bills drawn nt current rates on London.
B. Cr. EASTMAN CO.,
BANKERS,
43 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
•f General Banking Bntinete Transacted*
PAPER HANGINGS.
j. j. McGrath,
Importer and Jobber of
Paper Hangings,
Decorations and Window Shades,
Respectfully Informs bis friends and the trade that lit
has opened his new warehouse,
581 and 583 Stalest., cor. Twelfth,
With a full and complete new stock, which ho wIS
offer at factory prices.
Orders respectfully solicited and satisfaction guar*
autecd.
CLOTHING.
GOVEIMEST CLOTH
1.000 Cavalry Pants,
1.000 Infantry Coats,
1.000 Blouses,
1.000 Army Shirts,
5.000 Gray Army Blankets,
which -Sim 1)0 closed ont AT A GREAT BARGAIN
D. NEWBURGH K,
64 and €6 West Baudolph-sG
lygamples sent COD.
BOOKS..
E. WIGGINS,
Healer in £«ir, JHedical and
mUisceltaneons
BOOKS,
No. 310 NORTH THIRD-ST.,
Between Olive and Locust. St. Lonla, Mo»
INSURANCE.
INSURANCE.
Lamar, Garden City, and State, of Chltage.
Highest cash prices paid for Policies.
BHUFELDT BAI L. Attorneys,
219 West Madlson-st;
ALL POLICY-HOLDERS
In tho REPUBLIC and MUTUAL SECURITY In
surance Companies, of Chicago, tho LAMAR, nr PKO
PT.R’R, of Elan Froxudoen. art* requested tn call at Now
66 West Madison-st^fnp-Btalrs.
BUSINESS CARDS.
BiWS PATTERS EMPORIUM,
No. 236 West Madison-st., opposite
Cossage Co.'s.
UPHOLSTERING GOODS.
Inst received, a complete stock of Steel
Hair Cloth, Burlaps, Twine, Tacks. Looking-glass
Plates, Curled Hair, etc.,
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION'.
TTotice is hereby given that Lazarus Silverman har
ing purchased the entire interest of Henry Homer im
the firm of Lazarus Silverman i Co., the said firm fa
hereby dissolved by mutual consent.
nereoy uiaaot LAZABUS SILVERiCAIT,
HENRY HORfTER.
Tbe undersigned Trill cany on the tanking and ex
change bn siness as heretofore, at 563-Wabaab-av;, ia
liis own name, ami invites hla frienda and cnatomers,
to continue their patronage.
_ „_.T!£azabus SELVERIEAIT,
Chicago, No r, 7,187 L
I hereby recommend all my friends and patrons to
continue their patronage vrith the above firm.
HENRY. HORNER-
EDUCATIONAL
reniyfliiEMMisra
For boarding and day pupils, 16 Blahop-oonrt. TM
■winter term of thin school iriH. commence Monday*
next. Not. 20. M. L. rtnoERS. Prin^l
RELICS!
ii£SSSti£S2SS2r SS:
a Bom the old City
Jll-n nnantltr of the metal having bo# n obtained.
f fSSrrtefllft hy Mr- 10311 STEIN1TKTZ.tor*-
0..8. Co., end Mid tor the benefit
otthe employees In the shop, PnrehMer* are gn»r»«-
teed a genome article* _
TRUST deeds.
a large edition on parchment paper just printed
and my clients can be supplied, especial atfeatta*
given to loans, seemlUW» aaollUea.
OEG. BCOVTLCX.
Jio.» CUnWa-*C.
trt. A
3