THE POWELL EXPEDITION.
Movements of the Explorers np
to (he Ist of November.
Labyrinth, Stillwater, and Cataract
Canons, and Bonito Bend.
The Origin of the Aztecs—-Arche
ological Discoveries,
"The l uion of (he Green, Grand, and
Colorado Hirers.
1 Grand Scenery—An Adventure—Sun
ning the Falls.
from OurSpfd;:] f.tnvspriLtJriil.
—Moimr or Pahiha River. Nov. 1,
1116 My letter left the expedition at the
tool of Castle Valley, 'i bis strip of lowland
is the only considerable specimen of green
•earth we Lave seen for many weeks. Tbo
miles of bare rock and ai id plateau that lie
parallel to Green Fivcrafibrd subsistence for
very scanty vegetation, and present .sterile
landscapes. Here, for twenty miles, we cau
see emerald glades and groves of trees, and
make collections of beautiful ferns and
brigbi-bned dowers. The river can be ford
ed along the valley's length, and many in
•uian trails lead down on either side.
>i'i*i. 7.—We are now iu
I.AJJVJJINTU I.MXnX,
Its Trills are coniparativelj' low. varying
firm .V» l«» feet from the water'd edge,
I.in vertical. The storm continues at inter
nals: it is the first rain-fail we have encoun
tered since leaving Illinois. The rain adds
io the labor and discomforts of the voyage.
The camps are hooded frequently, and, in
order to act water at all drinkable, wc arc
•obliged to dig wells upon tho beach. Iso
scene in nature can appear more disappoint
air and desolate than a desert in tho rain.
The steep walls of tho canon are hollowed
*ut in many places by the winds and waters,
WA s‘fh-ring line .subjects for the camera, which
e a Tre improved. Twin Alcove is the name
fin. siren to one of these beautiful chambers in
Vl the rocks. The river winds and doubles upon
itself so tortuously and continuously as to bo
verily labyrinthine. The stream here has
no perceptible current, and everv mile of ad
vance is made with incessant use of tho
oars.
The “Pean” inn aground on a sand-bar.
during a drenching rain: the entire Ureeu
and Colorado Exploring Expedition was
obliged to take to the water like heavers,
ami chant that refrain to sailors familiar
.‘earning with—
The bow-lino, the how-line.
The bully, Jmliv bow-line,
Haul!
At night we pitched tho tents in a semi
circle, around a roaringcamp-tire, in a thicket
of willows, ami listened with remorseful
Jcehngs, to a philippic from a Tardy explorer,
on the crime committed in consumimrall the
gravy before his arrival
ru:uniN«; a
In,—We follow now a double bow
knot. twisted by the turning si ream. The
tetter S, placed horizontally, tltly indicates
im- bend. Kighieen miles of river-travel
!ind> a?, less limn half a mile from tiie morn
ing*.- camp. A limb, narrow ridge separates
ihe channels; up which we dumber to got
fttcreescopic views. One of the adjunct*
1' a travelling photographer, is a
••ox, with a canvas projection, used
.-is a dark loom. that, has to be *'toted” over
hill and dale. The incubushasreceived (with
lhe hearty execration of those who have in
dulged in the luxury of carrying it about)
ihe name of the hand-organ, or mountam
howi'zi r. It fell to my lot on the trip to
day. ami a /til undertaking it proved. hile
-tnnmlini: up the height, a misstep sent mo
Kittling djwu the cliff for twenty feet, with
that infernal appendage on my back—a
bniisml limb and well-ventilated pantaloons
resulting. The view from the crest of the
i idee is very tine. The river threads its de
vious way through high rock*, tvliose mat
ted sides are indented with caves and grot
levs cut in terraces and ledges, and hollowed
out in enormous grooves. The summits are
thickly set with rounded peaks, and
shafts, and columns—suggesting the ruins
of ionic ancient citv on the Xile. The width
of the ridge on which we stand is an eighth
b-r of a mile. "To go around this tongue of land
by water requires a journey of six miles. In
descending 10 the boats. I was obliged to
01 cep along a beavers trail through the wil
low.-. Jack happened to be absorbed in med
'Vl Uallun, ,11 tliT- initlier Diiloi iUo opauine.
rna. Hearing, suddenly, the noiaeof mj* approach,
toriai .'thinking a “Grizzly” was upon him,
gchm explorer beat Dexters” time on a pre
ntate retreat. While bringing the boats
.round a beaver was sighted and shot by
cs r Andy, the coek. Views were completed, fus
es nils collected, and measurements made. The
mt wali> proved to be from SOO to I,ooofeet- high,
eca To quench our thirst we improvised some
vac ,‘monade from citric acid and rainwater;
is not an intoxicating beverage.
BUTTES.
men g KI >T, 31. —Pulling steadily at the oars to
ay. wc pass long lines of buttes, the river
ited vails becoming more and more broken into
cccm hese solitary buttresses. They are chiefly
viou omposed of red sandstone, of novel and sug-
T i- ‘••stive shapes, and towering from 000 to 3,“»00
Lri ;t in air. One in particular attracted our
at lL -cut ion—a beautiful rock in the form of
genen Grecian cross. Another resembled a
in d rastory, with an arched entrance, from
official -h iwo springs of waterponrtheir crystal
of the ds into the muddy and motionless river.
wUah the ojienings between the buttes
was .a vicWS indescribably grand, of rocks
luen 'ed noon rocks, in vast and varied
been h jession—a wonderful panorama, of
he mad unique architecture and fantastic
alwaTE is of this silent land, willows thickly
make ß the margin of the stream, and, when
c are capital substitutes for feathers.
,;le writing np my journal, the party sur-
CS I ,CCI iD d the evening camp-lire in picturesque
frruiu ,jpg. wliile the Major beguiles the tedious
dent urs by reading from the poets. Ourlibrary
the* nges from John Hay and Bret Ilurte to
merson aiiuDarwin.
Su'T. 12,—Wc enter, now,
0 D STILLWATER CANON,
re named the Canon of the Green,
wa The valley separating this from the preced
aU ing canon*is merely a break in the walls,
•v c a short stretch of stone towers. The channel
crows narrower; the banks gradually iu
crease from SOO to 1.000 feet in height, and
a; differ in their geological structure from these
m- of Labyrinth Canon.
HONITO BEND.
Sept, IS.—The river has worn a new pas
sage through the wallsits former bed
winds in and around the cliffs,—a broad and
vi« -Jugular trail wo have named Bomto Bend.
Tvi-‘ >uanfities ot purest salt were found eu
listed upon the rocks. To-daj*. Dellen
y .ugh, the youngest of the party, celebrates
C' liiiihdaj*. “Ko cards.” The geologists
oiop frequently to collect fossils, ami our
rate of progress varies from ten to twenty
""Us per day.
DISCOVERY OF HUTS,
•Shut. U.—While .Steward was hunting for
specimens, along a ledge of rocks, back of
camp, he found some stone structures, indi
cating former occupation by nfnn. Sum
moning tli*; remainder of the party, we fol
lowed. ami, aud found the ruins of two
modi' lints, plastered with mini. We con
jectured that the larger one had been used
lor shelter, and the smaller for storage
■jiurp'‘*ses, by some hunter, like Daniel
Do'- of solitary habits. The most mi
so. 1 opine, will have no cause
tu feu* oxiitroaching neighbors in
these iun'-'y latitudes. The Major aud Pro
fessor, coming at supper-time, announced a
pin *«r discovery, of three or four more
"ntlie dills. Deumau found a corn
vo. While dreamily watching the
Miioke from our Kiiliklniek cigars, blent
■wit.., he denser volume from the pile of
dtiiiwond burning brightly before us, we
ii.-i- iud to a lecture on
Tin: origin or Tin: aztecs.
Aces aco, a dmtim-t and peculiar people
V.\ *-d in i In- fertile valleys and on the arable
<>f Utah ami Arizona. Tiiey were short
n >iatj;i(*. symmetrical in form, and aflablo
•n manner;* moje given to peaceful Utis
i-m.nry than warlike pursuits. They lived
in sul.s-jaiitial and convenient dwellings, and
‘■piled themselves the Shiuemos (pronounced
.'•die.n-e-mui. Stronger bauds of savages
.'.1:1 H.uijding and encroaching upon
ihcm. the SLinemos took- refuge in
;lu; lemote and almost iuaccessible
canons of toe (irceu and Colorado Itivers,
and m the mount ains of Arizona. They sub
ul>OH what game they could catch,
tlu co they could raise on the islands
V 'pj l'"' T s “"Sin. At the valley,
near Lmtah, we saw their picture-writing
ontlie rocks: autl.imw hero to the Gulf
traces of their occupation abound S
migrated to Mexico. rl !-V\
neighbors, and under the more 1,
ences of a liue climate and“ fertile soil Tii
neu-ased and flourished. mitnViw^J 1, t] -Y
•Mvabion and conquest. The art
wore still numerously renn.< ft!? tn, PS
land of their fathers. Muav of
now remain, and some are H till l itVi\ r »i o 1 l S s
We will visit them during the J! [“''kited,
h am more of their hisiorv. lniiiTL U l L r ‘i
irons riles, from personal* obsoi-v-..*? ru
study. Powell has spent a s’unnmr U .S aud
tin sd Indians, and hIT Zu n T*
experiences to largeruudiencesiuti,pi>.,t ,ll
he could scarcely, nowever, ha.*e {l.w’i
ntoresteu listeners than now. IWhmi
the dills above us, stand thecnmibHuo 1
descried bahitationa of this siiiilSV f
In the darkness below, the river \ind< n,.,*
ki j.t their secret, and guarded th-jr bom.?
long ami well, lu the glow of the firelight*
an enthusiastic speaker relates thd r poeti’
cal legends to a motley group of curious pale*
faces. 1
DISCOVERIES.
I’i. lA—'\Vakingcarl l v,tlirce of usstarted
m quest of ihe ruins. Climbing up auC along
a steep and narrow ledge, wc came to a clus
ter of dilapidated houses, with bnt six feet
of wall remaining. We found pieces of pot
tery and fragments of arrow-heads, with oc
casional perfect specimens of the latter.
Andy discovered the most interesting and
valuable prize, in the form of an earthen iug,
artistically fashioned, ami in an excellent
state ofpreservatiou. It was hidden under
a root, with the month covered with a stone.
Tho jar lias a capacity of fouror live gallons,
and contained small bundles of split wil
lows, used for baking corn-bread. The* bun
dles had been tied with twine inado from
wild hemp, now rotten with age.
On the river again. We frequently run
aground on sand-bars, breaking oars. The
canon narrows, with vertical walls. l,r»oo feet
in height. This is by far-the most beautiful
of all the canons yet seen bv us. At -t p. in
we came to the union of
THK (iJ'KKN. (WAN'D, AND COLORADO.
Tlic Grand liiver is about tlio. same in :m
--p.-aram-e as the Green: it iscallcdtUc “Pride
of Colorado." rhc smooth waters rippling
Injit shimmer and glance whom the sun
lielil falls, give little token of the dangers to
come. J lie boats separate and land their
crews on the hard and level beach. Camp
ing in the shade of some immense cotton
woods. wo survey the lions of Junction
<ityra city without permanent inhabit
ants, but rivalling Washington in its mag
mcent distances.
fci:i*r;lo.—Bowing up stream fora mile or
more, to find a break m the steep clifis, wo
bnaily snccccd in climbing to the top. The
view presented has few parallels for singu
larity and grandeur. A thousand pinnacles
and buttes rise around ns,—their interming
ling colors of white and red blending in the
distance with the blue above. Before us,
the Grand; to our loft, Green Fiver; and.
deeply set within the seamed and fissured
rocks on which wo stand, the Colorado
winds.
j Beaman pbotograpbcd.Dcllcnbangbskctcb
cd, some geologized, and others gathered
pitch for caulking the boats. We launched
under an odoros cedar, drinking front one of
the many water-pockets near. Major an
nouncing that fino views were to he bad
back of the dills, we descended to the boats,
having instruments and camera for another
day s work. After supper, and the
cheerful chat ensuing, 1 took a stroll
in the glorious starlight. There
was little to disturb one’s musings.
and much to attract the eye and excite tbo
imagination. Three camp-lircs blaze upon
the beach; three groups of bronzed and
bearded men gather about them: three
boats, bruised and battered, swing idly at
their moorings. Three miles below tbo river
thunders at tbo gates of Cataract Canon:
just above, three rivers join their Hoods;
and, oycibcad, the magical number is writ
ten with stars. »Soon wo must summon to
our aid three tried and faitliful friends,—
prudence, skill, and pluck; but then, as
hitherto, Out Hand alone can safely guide us
to our journey’s end.
Sept. 17.—A1l out outlie summit of the
dins at an early hour. The scenery in
creases in grandeur. To describe these
stone-landscapes would exhaust the vocabu
lary of superlatives, and tbo comparison
would tbeu be tame. As we advance, wo
hnd many curious and beautiful parks: level
ifqois, strewn with sand, set here and there
with cedars and pine, and hemmed round
with palisades of rocks; and, over and anon,
bgnics strangely carved and fashioned,
standing singly or in groups. Ob! the lone
liness ami silence of these solitary wastes,
broken only by the voices of storms, the
rushing of torrents, and tbo river’s chang
ing tones. Major Bowrll, accustomed to the
country, pronounced the scene the grandest
be bad ever witnessed. It is named, in
Indian jargon. .Siwavo-tu-weap, which, being
interpreted, is said to mean. Tbo Land of
>pmlfi. Here wo also find the arrow-beads
ami pottery of the Sbinemos.
Our c\cuing meditations wore seriously
distmbed by the caving in of tbo bank on
wpicb the tents were pitched. The river,
constantly cutting below, finally under
mined ns, and, with a loud splash, soventy
fiveof our hundred feet of ledge has fallen
into the water, driving us higher ami farther
up. until now wo roost like crows, in the
limbs of a patriarchal cottonwood. Our
rations and photographic stores arc running
short, and ICO miles of fretful water lie
between us and the Crossing of the Fathers,
our next Mjpph*-station. .Sugar has become
contraband of war. and beans a luxury.
fcKPT. 10.—At to a. m., with boats packed
and m sailing trim, wo bid a final farewell to
the Green and Grand, and trust our fortunes
to Hie Colorado, the geographical puzzle of
this continent, and but ouce before success
fully navigated. A steady current speedily
brings us within tbo portals of
i{ 11
CATARACT CANON*.
Soon rapid succeeds rapid, and the old
routine begins, -with -work and danger in
creased. We now enconnter a deeper stream,
a stronger current, and harder, sharper rocks
of limestone. Has the reader any adequate
idea of what is meant by “xonningarapul
It is sometimes a hazardous experiment to
run over a mill-dam, with a fow feet of fall,
in an open boat. Here wo have a largo river,
crowded between high and narrow canon
walls, turned andtwistedbyprQjcctingrcefs.
and churned into foam by rocks fallen
from the banks above. The average fall
of the Colorado is very much greater
than that of the Mississippi. Such a cur
rent, plunging over falls varying from four
to a dozen feet..at oft-recurring intervals,
with shallow rapids between, presents diffi
culties that few navigators can overcome.
During this digression, the liag-shlp shows a
signal that bail rapids are ahead. By watch
ing the course and signals of the pioneer
boat, we can escape many hidden rocks ami
treacherous eddies. With helmsman alert,
and oars stoutly grasped, wc slowly ap
proach, when, suddenly, the current takes
ns at railroad speed over the fall and
among the rocks. With might and main we
pull at theoars. The loud shouts of com
mand are confused by the noise of the roar
ing waters. Blinded with spray, drenched
with waves coming in.—now scraping a
reck, again forced violently to the ragged
walls of the shore,—now spinning round
and round in whirling eddies.—with
an ominous grating and stunning
shock, we gronnd shallows. Dropping
oars and plunging into the water, wo tug
and pull the boat over the barrier, when
away it shoots, hardly affording time for the
men to giasp the sides and kick the runaway
from the rocks. Woe to the man, then, that
has legs of llcsh and blood! Jammed, as in a
vise, between boat and rock, cut bv sharp
edges, and bruised by frequent collisions,
those members, ordinarily useful, soon be
come ill-shaped and painful appendages,
colored with all the tints of thu rainbow.
The entire party wear honorable scars. The
excitement and novelty have worn away:
the water is colder and dirtier. It is simply
terrible toil, this wrestling for weeks with
rock and nver, and it tells visibly on the
strength and spirits of the men.
Kapids and falls, falls and rapids, follow
last, each worse, if possible, than the pre
ceding. Sometimes a ran of half a mile
requires one day’s bard work. The canon
walls vary from 1.200 to 1.500 feet in height,
broken, now and then, into peaks and crags.
Narrow and perpendicular, we can see but
slender patches of blue skyabovc the frown
ing clifls.
Sept. 20.—The party, divided in couples,
climbed the walls that have for davs im
prisoned ns, and completed geological, topo
graphical, and photographic w work. By re
quest. Jack and myself helped Messrs Thomp
son and Jones tow the “Nell” over a half
mile rapid below camp. Something of
ensur'd. Two of us grasped tho boat and
steadied her In .tbo water, while the others
held the line. The current crowing strong
er, we all took the rone, and had mst suc
ceeded in lowering tbo craft over a fall,
■when a treacherous tide instantly caught
her, and, in a twinkling, four voyagers were
piled promiscuously on the rocks, and the
Nell” was dashing swiftly awav. We hur
ried after, in hot pursuit. Jones remarked,
in language vigorous and sententious, “i>he
has gone to the devil I You bet!" was the
prompt response. As we scrambled over
boulders on the shore, visions of starving
men in overloaded boats, to say nothing
about the scientific loss of a crippled expedi
tion, produced very cheerful and encourag
ing sensations. Tbo runaway, meanwhile,
threaded safely the tortuous windings of
the swift and colliding currents. An invisi
ble helmsman guided her safely fioui the
hungry jaws and sharp teeth of the rocks,
unt ii we came abreast as she was being slow
ly drawn over a fall. Swimming out from
shore. Jack and I suon got aboard, and land
ed the truant without loss of cargo or spring
ing a plank.
Major and Dellcnhaugh came in late from
{•xplorations among the rocks. The latter
killed a rattlesnake, and brought the rattles
as a trophy into camp.
Two years ago, a boat was swamped in the
rapid just above us. Upon the beach, a half
linished oar reminds us of the toils and mis
haps of the pioneer voyagers.
Our diuuer stat ion next day was under the
shade of a hackherry-tree, with boulders
scattered about, Pic-uic parties and fashion
able tourists will hud it a romantic aud pic
turesque spot. 'Xhe canon-walls now tower
to a height of 3,000 teet. The narrow strip
of shore is scarcely wide enough for a
bivouac. The waters of the river become
clearer. Wo have obtained some instanta
neous views of a fall. At night, the moon
just shows her brilliant disc over the broken
edge of the dills. Sixteen rapids eucounter
cd'in one day boats leaking badly from
pounding against tho rocks two unloaded
lor repairs.
gEPT. 2o.—The canon-walls now approach
within 50 feet of each other; the river, hem
med between, surges swiftly through over a
perpendicular fall of six or eight feet. Major
Powell decided to run it, and have instan
taneous views taken of the passage.
The “Dean” took the lead. The camera
was adjusted, and wo all watched intently
the dangerous experiment. The river above
is smooth as a mirror, hut below is churned
into loam hr the plunge. Slowly and steadi
ly the boat approached the miniature Niagara,
when suddenly it shot over the fall, and was
springing from wave to wave right gallantly.
Ihe view was lost. The “Nell” next assayed
the- feat; but, in spite of the photographer’s
utmost care and skill, the picture proved a
failure. Wc then got aboard the Canonita,”
and safely followed.
i-heuebed all day, and worn with work,
we look anxiously for an outlet from this
gloomy abyss of contending demons of
1 cam and rock. Naught meets the eye hut
in Iv!. 1 1 r °aring river,—not shallow enough
out ,S!: n ot deep enough to float the boats
ni icach of boulders, reefs, and saud-
i-Axn views,
AN ADVENTURE
nr.VXLSG THE FALLS.
Jaws a "witches* cauldron, full of toil ami
trouble, that, Jliko a hell-broth, doth boll
and bubble.” Lying at night on narrow
slopes of sand, the waters wail loudly at our
feet: voices of rapids above are echoed omi-
by cataracts in the windings below,
a lullabv, neither musical or cheering. In
the shadows of the tall and frowning cliffs,
those sights and sounds are m uni
son with our sombre nmsings.
Time wanes apace. Absorbed with vivid
recollections of perilous experiences, I have
lingered too long with dull details. What
more I know about farming on the Colorado
is reserved for a future letter. Suffice it now
to say, that we have arrived
AT Tin: MOUTH OK Tins I'AHUT.V niVKII,
with two boats, and provisions nearly ex
hausted. Two men are sick in bed, another is
sulleiiug from iiiHanunatorv rheumatism.
I he winter rains and snows are at hand and
alheavy and difficult trial lies bcforelns to the
aionnou frontier settlement.
A small train, having made a forced march
fiom JCaiiab, brings us temporary supplies,
and will forward our letters,*
CJ.E.MKNTPOWEU..
THE PRINCE OF "WALES.
V Iml Solbcru, I lie Actor, and Saullcy, the
Singer, Say of Him.
From tho Now VorkWorM, Dco.3.
i esterday afternoon the writer had an in
terview with Mr. fcothernconccmingtbo all
absorbing topic of the rumored fatal illness
of the Prince of Wales. During bis recent
sojourn in England of seversd years, the
actor and the Prince were upon very inti
mate terms, audit shows that the Prince
had so far forgotten the statutes of Queen
Elizabeth relative to actors and other vag
abonds,’* that bo was able to recognize m
"Lord Dundreary'* all tbo social finalities
which constitute a gentleman. For about
nine years the two were extremely friendly,
and met not only hi the bunting-fiolik and
theatre, but also in tbo drawing-rooms of
Buckingham Palace, on the grounds of per
fect equality. Tbo lirst question asked
of Mr. Sotbeni was;
“Will you allow mo to ask when you saw
the Prince of Wales for tbo first time?”
•‘Certainly. Tbo lirst time X bad tbo pleas
ure of seeing bis Foyal Highness was at tbo
stag bunt at Windsor, in 1801. Tbo stair—
and a line buck bo was—bad been lot loose:
tbo bounds were in. full cry after him, and
the whole lield was in rapid ebaso. I rodo
down a narrow lauo, bordered on tbo side
which the stag bad taken by a high, quick
set Ledge. All tbo riders refused tbo only
leap which could bo taken,—a six-barred
gate. I backed my horse to tbo further side
of tbo lane in order to bo sure of clearing it
successfully, when, just as I was about to
try tbo leap, I beard an equerry cry, Tbo
Prince is coming.” Naturally, I at oucc dis
mounted and Hung open the gate for him to
pass through, at the same time bowing. Ho
acknowledged my salutation most courteous
ly, and. 1 may say. from that moment our
acquaintance indeed, friendship com
menced. After tbo bunt was concluded be
sent to inquire what was my name, and
wished that I should bo presented to him.”
“Did bo often come to the theatre where
you were playing
Yes, at tbo very least bo was there tbreo
or four times every week. I was performing,
as you probably know, at tbo Haymarkct,
in my particular part of Lordßnndrrary, and.
aftciward, Brother Sam. The Prince would i
invariably come up to my dressing room, sit
tboro awhile, smoko a cigar or two, and
drink a little brandy seltzor. Then, when I
was obliged to dress. I would say, ‘Excuse j
me, sir, but I must uow trouble you. 7 Upon I
that bo would immediately say ‘All right, j
old fellow, see you between the next acts;’
and I would make my toilet while be went
to bis private box.’
“How about those stories of bis going on
the stage, and llirting with tbo girls there?”
“He never did—at least to my knowledge,
and I bad a good opportunity forjudging.
At the Haymarket I alwavsran him oil the
stag, and not onco did bo go within thirty
feet of where the girls wore assembled; and,
in addition to that, be never came upon tbo
stage that I did not meet him at the door.”
,v ere you obliged to be very formal with
bun?”
“Not iu the least. I never did auy ko-tow
business, and Ido not wish to. Usually 1
would call him anything which I would ad- I
dress to a jolly good fellow who might bo one i
of my companions, occasionally throwing m
a/sir -by way of a slight token of bis posi-
tu»n. I
Then be was affable?”
“Very much so. lint to illustrate the
trutii ci what I say, let me give you au in
stance. At one stag hunt {where the animal
was started from liarrowand linally found
in a coal-bin in London, a distance of fully
IC* miles) my wife was ridingwith thchoupds
on a little mare of mine, Making a leap she
broke her knees, and my wife came down,
Instantly the Prince, who happened to bo
within sieht, rode up. dismounted, and ask
ed her what he could do to assist her. When
she told him that she needed no assistance,
he begged to lend her an equerry, or servant
of some kind. At this juncture I came up,
and appreciating the situation,hadtho pleas
ure oi presenting my wife to him. Ho did
me the honor to say to her that he was ex
tremely happy to meet her, and renewed his
oilers of aid/*'
“1 have heard stories to4fco effect that the
Prince was not very fond of those sports
which involved active physical exertion—in
fact, that ho was somewhat inclined to
‘funk
“That’s a calumny, sir, a great calumny. I
have seen the Prince in the held very many
times, have ridden close by his side, anil
have seen him take leaps which all the rest
of the held would refuse. I never saw a
braver or more dashing rider.”
It is rather a delicate question, but may
I ask of you anything concerning the rumors
as to Lis being so fond of ladies* society
“I have net the slightest objection in
the world to your making public all that I
know upon that subject. Ho yielded to
temptation no more than would have done any
man in his position subjected to the constant
inducements to go astray to which ho was
always exposed. Indeed, ho must have been
made of adamant to have resisted the—l
may say—pressure brought to bear upon him
from every side. His wife was and is very
delicate, and companionship ho was forced
to seek elsewhere. In conclusion, I can say
that it will be a long time.before I shall
meet a better friend, or ono who will be more
kind and considerate to all whom he met.”
To the Editor of the Xew 1'orl: Times:
I have read, with much concern, in Satur
day’s JPorM, an account of certain inter
views, reported to have taken place, into
which have been introduced reflections, as
unjust as they arc ungenerous, ou the char
acter, as a gentleman, of the Prince of
Wales, in his relations with the theatrical
world.
Prom considerable experience in Her Ma
jesty’s Theatre, the Royal Italian Opera,
Drury Lane, and the Gaiety Theatres, I can
state positively that the bearing of the
Prince of Wales, in these relations, was uni
versally courteous and manly, and charac
terized by the greatest propriety. lamau-
by Mr. Charles Feebler, whose op
portunities of judging have been at least as
irequent as those of any other manager or
actor, to corroborate the above assertion on
lis behalf in the strongest possible
manner; and Mr. Lindsay Sloper, a
friend of Mr, Bancroft, of tbo Prince
of Wales’ Theatre, desires to add that
he would have no difficulty in obtaining
from the latter gentleman a complete denial
of the allegations against tho Prince in con
nection with that establishment, wore it not
too ridiculous to suppose that His Royal
Highness would everpresent himself at the
stage door of any theatre whatever.
Anyone connected with the stage must de
sire, at the present moment, to concur in all
that Mr. Sothern is reported to have said as
to t ho nrbanj* and modesty displayed by the
Prince of Wales in his dealings with actors;
and it is a pity that tho same column which
contains this testimony should bo disfigured
by the slanderous aspersions I deem it my
duty to contradict. I am, yours respectfully,
r C. Saxtlkv.
Cr.XTUAi. Hotel. Sunday, Dec. 10,
Death of Archibald lieroy, the Alien
County Xlermit.
From the Fort Wayno (ImL) Sentinel, Dec. 9.
In the northern paxt of this county, deep
in the heart of the primeval forests, stands
a rude log-cabin, until yesterday tho homo
of Archibald Leroy, the hermit.
For nearly half a century he lived the life
of an anchorite iu that lone and secluded
spot, subsisting on wild game, tish, berries,
and the vegetables which he cultivated iu
the little garden that surrounded his house.
At one time Archibald Leroy must have
been a line-looking man; and his regular
features, bright black eyes, and tall, straight
form, gave him to tho very last a distiiii/itc
air that age was unable to overcome.
It appears that when he was a youth of 20
he met a young lady to whom ho became
ardently attached—that they wore betrothed
—that on tho evening prior to tho marriage
she begged him to release her from her
pledge, because she did not love him, and
that uiion his compliance she married a blase
man of the world, whose money was his only
recommendation, and whoso reputation was
that of a rone.
Archibald Leroy thereupon withdrew from
society, aud came West. He built tho house
where he lived, and across whose tlireshhold
he was carried to-day in his coffin.
He was a great student. Tho walls of his
cabin are lined with standard works, aud all
these hear the evidences of frequent use.
He was also an artist, aud in his portfolio
were found a number of exquisite sketches
of the beautiful scenery which, surrounds his
late home.
He was in many respects a remarkable
man, with excellent traits of character, as
his neighbors testify, and with a wonderful
store of information on every subject, no
matter how abstruse or profound its charac
ter.
Opening of the Ppu*»inn Diet—Emperor
William’* Speech from the Throne,
The Prussian Diet was opened on the 27th
ult. by the Emperor in person. In his speech
from the throne: His Imperial Majesty com
menced hv thanking the people for the noble
attitude they had maintained, during the
late war, and proceeded to point out that,
while the maintenance of the national power
and security belonged to the German empire,
the Prussian rcpresentativcslcould the more
thoroughly devote themselves to the healthy
development of thointernal institutions. The
speech further mentioned the extremely sat
isfactory financial condition, which will be
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1871.
still more favorably developed. Bills are f
announced in connection wltli the employ
inent of tlic Prussian State Fund, consequent
upon the formation of the Imperial war j
fund for flie payment of the State debt. I
11ns relief, as well also the increase of the
amount of the revenue, and, in addition, the
important surplus of the last tiuancial year,
will enable the government in IST2 to justify
the roonirements in all the departments of
the administration to tho fullest extent.
One of the most important propositions
be one for a general increase of
pilicial salaries, and other bills will be
introduced relative to the regulation of tho
Audit Cilice, the reconstruction of various
.State railways and the increase of the plant
of tho State railways. Bills relative to
trade, landed property and the government
of the six Eastern provinces will be pre
sented to tho members. The speech also
dwells upon tho further successful develop
ment of the communal local administration
of the provinces. In reference to the agita
tion on church questions the government is
determined to preserve perfect independ
ence for tho .State with regard to the
administration of justice and tho civil s
law, and at tlie same time to
maintain the legal independence of the
churches and their followers and to protect I
the liberty of conscience and faith of all. In
connection with the constitutional execution
of these principles, hills will he laid before
the Diet on tho marriage laws, on the regula
tion of the registry system and tho legal
ellect of secession from the church. In refer
ence to public instruction very considerable
measures are promised for tbo satisfaction of
many hitherto neglected requirements. 1
1-iually, a general education bill as well as i
one for tbo supervision of schools are 1
promised.
ALEXIS IN BOSTON.
Speech of Eatacazy—Jfifolmcn* Poem.
boston (Dec. 10) Despatch to tho New York Time*.
Mr. Catacazy's speech at the Duke’s ban
quet last night, -was shrewd ami ingenious in
view of his unenviable attitude before the
country. Crafty in its omissions as well
as its utterances, its evident object was to
present himself in tho light of an injured
person and to create sympathj'. Ho was
called outat tho very end of tho evening
and evidently with reluctance on tho part
of Mr. AUnthrop, Tho speech was substan
tially as follows:
gentlemen If tho goddesa of diplomacy wero
to bo sculptured, I would present her wrapped In
a dark robe with a linger o» her Up. Mure than
any one else I should adopt that attitude, aud
wrap myself ns close as possible, and hold my
fingers as tight as possible to chain mvlips: but
on this occasion I will take my finger ’a moment
from my lips and place it upon my heart, not for
making a speech, but only for relating throe
anecdotes experienced in ray career, in 18.» l I
had the honor to bo an attache of tho Imperial
Legation at Washington, and 1 met there ouo of
the greatest men, I do not say of Amer
ica. but of the world—tho Cod-liko Daniel
Webster [cheers] and, as all great
intelligent men, ho was exceedingly
kind to youth. 1 was then a mere boy, bat he
.showed mo so much sympathy that I took tho
liberty to ask of him to explain to mo the rea
sons of this sympathy almost instinctively ex
isting between our two nations, and ho replied
to me: Those reasons are us numerous as tho
drops of water in the Pacific and tho Atlantic.*’
j A few years afterward, whenyourcivil war broke
out, I had tho honor to be the secretary of anoth
er great man—for groat ho is—Prince Gortscha
keif. [Applause.] At that time, on all sides, tho
most dark prophesies were uttered about tho
issue of your war, of your great national calam
ity. Political vultures were already preying upon
i what was supposed to be the corpse of America
I must confer that I had mjself doubts about
thei?sueof tbcwnr, and I spoke of it to my il
lustrious chief. Ho replied to mo “I pity those
who doubt tho issue of this crisis. I pitytho°c
who believe that a Divine Providencejwoutdhave
erected the magnificent American structure for
clashing it to pieces in a few years. (Cries wf
“Good’'—applause.) America will come our. of
the dames of civil war like the phccnlx, more
ladiant, more brilliant, more strong than over’*
Nine years after that, or even less, I have been
honored with the mission to the United States,and
I will go so far in the way of an Indiscretion as to
repeat tho very words of the Emperor, my
mas Ur. “Your instructions.” said ho to me,
i are short, bur decided. You must always re
j member that our best friend is the American
I people.” Applause.] God Is my witness that f
have done everything in tho power of my feeble
intellect to obey the order of my (sovereign, to
obey the dictates of my own conviction and tho
i impulsion of my heart. If 1 diduut succeed com
pleicly in this task assigned to me, the gentleman
w ho represents in so worthy a manner the United
states at St. Petersburg, where he is esteemed
and treated in the most kindly way. succeeded in
his. I propose the health ot Governor Curtin,
the United Suites Minister at St. Petersburg.
[Applause, during which the toast was drunk. 1
The features of tbo banquet wore the
Prince’s speech, the poem of Oliver Wendell
Holmes, and tho remarks of James linssell
Lowell. Tho following is Hr. Holmes’ own
corrected version of his effort:
Mr. President: You are so good a scholar
that you must remember well that on the 16th of
March, icjl, a pilgrim standing on tho desort
shore received tho first welcome from ouo of tho
native inhabitants, from tho Indian Sachem,
whoso remarkable name, Samoset, has come
down to us at the present daj* by tho words which
he has reported, which are these; “Welcome,
Englishmen; welcome, Unclishmcn.” I have
ventured a Utile further iu the following verses:
One word to the we have gathered to greet,
The echoes are longing that won! to repeat:
It springs to the Ups that are waiting to part,
I- or the tyllahh.s spell themselves Unit in the heart.
It* accent may vary, its eonud may ho strange,
Hut it hours a kind luossago that nothing can change
Tho dwolluru by Neva its inclining cun toll.
l‘or the smile, ita Interpreter, shows it lull well.
That word, how it gladdened tho pilgrim of yoro,
As ho stood in the mkiwoii tho desolate shore.
When the shout of tho Sngomore slarlk-d his oar
In theplirasool theSuxou, ‘twas music to hear.
All! little conld Samoset offer onr sire.
The cabin. the eoni-cake. tlio seat hr the fire.
Hehad nothing tu give, the jxxir Jurilet the hunk
But lie gava him a welcome, his heart hi his haml,
Tlio trilie of the sachem has molted awav,
lint the word that lie spoke is remembered to-day.
And the page tuaf is red with the record of shame
The tear-drops have whitened round Samoset's name.
The word that lie spoke to the pilgrim of old.
Way sound like u lulu that has often been told;
But the welcome we speak is as fresh as the dew.
As the kiss of a lover that always Is now.
Ay, guest of the nation, each roof is thine own.
Through all the broad continent’s star bannered aonc;
From the shore where tlio curtain of morn Is unrolled
To the billows that flow through the gateway of gold.
The snow-crcstcd mountains are calling aloud—
Nevada to Ural speaks out of the cloud;
And Shasta shouts forth from his throne In the skv
To the stonu-bpliutered summits, the peaks o£ Altai.
You must leave him, they say, till the summer Is
green.
Both shores are Ids homo though tho waves roll be
tween,
Aud then wo’ll return him with thanks for the same
As fresh and os smiling and tail as he came.
But onrs is tlio region of arctic delight
We can show him auroras and pole-stars by night.
There's a Muscovy sting in the ice-temperwd air
And our firesides are warm aud our maidens are fair.
The flowers arc full blown in tho garlanded hall.
They bloom round his footsteps wherever they fall.
For the splendors of youth and tho sunshiny tliev
brlng.
Make the roses believe 'tis the summons of spring.
One word of our language he needs must know well,
But another remains that is harder to spoil.
We shall speak it so ill if he wishes to leam.
How we utter farewell bo will have to return.
James Russell Lowell made the pun of the
evening. When referring to our purchase of
Alaska, ho said that our relations with Russia
aro now of the most cordial aud intimate
kind, for tho Emperor has mado us tho
keeper of his seals.
A Showman at Warwick,
From the New York Evening Post.
The burning of Warwick Castle brings to
mind a somewhat notable visit made to this
great ehow-bonso some years ago byP. T.
Bamum aud the late Albert Smith. The
day’s sight-seeing was conducted, as one or
two hotels abroad are, on tho American, not
the European, plan, and Stratford.Warwick.
find the surrounding country wero “done”
iu a few hours in a manner which Albert
Smith afterward fully and facetiously de
tailed in a paper iu BcnUcrfs Magazine, iu
which he said that the business was accom
plished with suck rapidity that, in attempt
ing to write an account, ho found the whole
thing so confused in his mind that he came
near locating “Peeping Tom” iu tho houso
of Shakspeare, while Guy of Warwick
would stick his head above tho ruins
of Kenilworth, and tho Warwick vaso
appeared in Coventry. After visiting tho
red, cedar, and gilt drawing-rooms aud tho
State bedchamber, to say nothing of tho
boudoir, chapel, dining-room and Guy’s tow
er, our tourists went to tho porter’s lodge
and saw Guy’s armor, punchbowl, sword, and
toasting-fork, and a huge rib-bone of tho
gigantic “dun cow,” that, according to tra
dition. once haunted the region. Having
seen these wonders, Mr. Barnnm horrified
fhe attendant by gravely proposing to buy
them for his museum in America, and when
he was informed that no amount of money
would buy these precious relics, ho said:
“Never mind; I’ll have them dupli
cated for my museum, ao that Ameri
cans can sco them, and avoid tho ne
cessity of coming here, and iu that way ITI
bin st up your show.” Smith laughed, espe
cially at the amazement of the porter, aud
afterward introduced tho incident, with
chance of uames aml locality, in his lecture
which accompanied his famous panorama of
Mont Blanc. Nor was there .anything so
very absurd iu a really serious proposition to
purchase these relics, siuce Bamum ouce had
the refusal of Shukspcarc’s house, which ho
meditated moving in pieces and setting up
again in this city. The fear that this might
be done prompted the subscription which
put the house in repair and made it tho prop
erty of an association, so that Mr. Barnitm
really did an excellent thing iu stimulating
new interest in and care for a notable land
mark which English neglect was suffering to
go to decay.
A Reverend Rxpectorntor.
'Jefferson City, Mo. (Dec. 7), Correspondence of tho St.
Bonis Democrat.
A racy piece of scandal, which attracted
considerable attention last summer, has been
renewed again in new form. It will bo re
membered that tho Rev. Mr. Whittaker, Sec
retary to the Board of Trustees of the Lin
coln Institute for the Education of Colored
Children, in an altercation with Colonel Fos
ter, another member of tho board, and for
merly thaprincipal of tho institution, spat in
his face, as the two were seated during a
meeting of the board at opposite sides of tho
table. Foster cautiously resented the insult,
not like Luther, by hurling back an ink
stand, but by merely wiping the spittle from
his face. The action was considered as an
insult, not only to its direct object, but to
the entire board, ana several gentlemen
waited on the ecclesiastical spittcr to request
an explanation, and to receive, if possible, an
•UJ®., r hittaker replied that ho had
desired to insult I osier, and had made the
matter a subject of prayer, in order to
obtain some counsel as to how he might
most completely execute his imrpose.
ilo arose from his knees determined'to spit,
and so he spat. Of course for spitting bydi
vine counsel he could not apologize, ami ho
therefore persistently refused to do so. Tho
ncanl at ns next meeting very pronorly ex
pelled him.
As his heavenly revelation did not conrem
l>l,'Jte expulsion, vVhittakci* refuses to be ex
pelled. lesterday he caused a f/no warntnlo to
no served on Mr. .Seymour, Assistant Super
intendent of Public Instruction, wbohasbeen
appointed to his place in the board, to compel
him to show by what authority he serves in
the board. He has also caused a mamlumun
to be served on Governor Brown, who is the
rr-oj/fV/o.President of the board, to require
him to show cause why he shall not be per
mitted to resume the scat from which ho
was expelled. Until those shall have boon
answered in duo form of law, Mr. ‘Whittaker
proposes to hold the otlicial papers of tho
hoard which have come into his possession
as Secretary. Tho case was cn trusted by tho
board to legal counsel yesterday, and the re
ply will be made in due tim e.
THE ERIE BRIBERY CASE.
NinteiuoniH of ihc.Tnror* In ihc
C*ukc—Thousands of Dollar* Offered for
n Disagrccmenl— The Charge 'Denied*
KronMlie Nc\v York Tribune, Doe. 11.
At thotimo the verdict was given in the
Black Friday suit ol J. O. Davis and others
against Fisk and others, tried in the Superior
Court before Judge McCunn, last month,
the foreman of the jury. Walter Gib
son, charged that three of their num
ber had been improperly approached by
hirelings of the Erie King in order to in
duce a disagreement, and that they were
anxious to present the facts to tho grand
jury. The Judge accordingly summoned the
jury to appear before him last Saturday and
testily in regard to the alleged efforts to
bribe them.
Daniel \V. Whitney testified On the 27i.1i
of November a man called at my residence,
No. 53 Bond street, and asked mo if I was
not on tho jury in tho gold case: I replied
that I was, and lie then asked if we had
agreed;..J told him I did not wish, to converse
about tho case; ho said, “There isa good deal
of money for a disagreement of that jury, and
I want to fix it on the spot; name your
snm for a disagreement money is uo object,”
I replied; I will not converse with you on
that subject, not for tho best house in Fifth
av. I then turned from him, and he went
away; ho was about 80 years of age, full
faeed. with a heavy mustache ami a Jlorid
complexion, and wore a light overcoat and a
slouched hat; I do not know that I have
overseen him except; on that occasion two
days after this, Thomas O’Callahan. who was
formerly an Alderman or Assistant Alderman,
told mo that a person had spoken to him
about getting the jury to disagree, and he
said, “lam going to make money by it, aud
von can too;” he asked mo to meet him at
Thomas C. Fields’ office. No. 11T Nassau-st.
During his cross-examination. Mr. Whit
ney said that after the jury retired, on the
first ballot only two voted fur tho defend
ant—Mr. Gibson, the foreman, and James
O’Brien; Mr. Gibson soon came over to tho
majority, but O’Brien continued obstinate,
and refused to converse with the others;
witness then spoke of the great efforts that
had been made to induce him to disagree,
and found that Messrs. Davis aud Visier had
been approached in a similar manner;
this led them to suspect that O’Brien
bad been bribed, aud caused considerable
feeling; the night was very cold: they had
no lire, aud were obliged to keep themselves
warm by physical exercise: some one pro
posed to hang O’Brien out of tho window,
and other threats were made to Induce him
to agree with the others; tho next morning
they obtained a copy of tho testimony, and,
after reading important portions of it.
O’Brien finally became convinced, and agreed
to a verdict in favor of the plaintiff.
William L. Davis testified that during the
trial u man called at his residence whoso
general appearance was tho same as that of
the man described by Mr. Whitney; ho gave
his name as Baker, aud said he was engaged
in thedry goods business in Buffalo: he
acted in a very mysterious manner, and
finally went uwav without stating the ob
ject oj Ins visit ho said he would call tho
day at witness’place of business, hut
failed to do so.
John iaier testified that one evening dur
ing tho progress of tho trial, while standing
in Jront of Ills residence. No. 04$ Eighth ave
nue, a stranger approached him and asked if
he was not on the jury in tho gold case, and
on witness’ replying in tho affirmative, he
said, there is money in that case; it is
woilhs2,Cfio or SB,OOO lor a disagreement;
he then displayed a large package of hills,
and said, “1 might increase it to §10,000;”
witness replied. “Von must not talk to me
in that way;” whereupon he left, remark
ing, \ou will he sorry for not accepting my
offer.”
Mr. Field, counsel for Fisk aud Gould,
said he had affidavits to show that neither
of the defendants in tho suit approached
any member of that jurv, or authorized
anyone to do so, aud if anyone didapproach
them ho must have been an enemy to the de
fendants. He moved to set aside tho ver
dict. but tho Judge said that such a motion
must be made at tho Special Term. The case
was then adjourned to this morning, at 12
o’clock, and Die Judge requested tho jurors
who Lad testified to bo in attendance at that
time, to revise and sign their testimony, aud
meantime, ho said, ho would consider what
further action should be taken in the mat
ter.
Mr. Gilmore nt Home Again*
From the Boston Adverii-cr, Hoc. 7.
Mr. P. S. Gilmore has finally arrived in the
city after his extensive reconnoitre amotii;
the musical celebrities of the Old World.
The City of Antwerp, with Mr. Gilmore ami
his gigantic project on board, reached New
lork yesterday morning at half-past JO
o clock, in safety, and Mr. Gilmore, escaping
with unsullied skirts from the meshes of the
New York Custom House, in less than two
hours was speeding over the iron rails on hia
way to this city, which ho reached at mid
night. Whether the waves rolled rhythmi
cally and the breezes blew in per
fect accord as the crossed
over Atlantic water. Mr. Gilmore
modestly makes a matter of conjecture, But
certain it is that ho has canvassed the Conti
nent pretty thoroughly, has sung his notes
of invitation in half a dozen or more coun
tries, and has received assurances t hat every
nation of Europe will be represented on Bos
ton made land nest June. Evervthiug in
connection with the enterprise has succeed
ed beyond even his most sanguine hopes.
There is a possibility—ami to this possibility
Americans will cling with their accustomed
tenacity—that Strauss, whom Mr. Gilmore
saw in A'iemia, may he able so to modify
his existing engagements that lie
can take part in the great jubi
lee. Many of the most eminent musiciansof
Berlin, aud, indeed, throughout the Conti
nent, are enlisted on Mr. Gilmore’s score. Ho
is confident that there will ho present a baud
of every European nationality. It is to bo
hoped that Prussian aud French, Russian
and Pole, will not ho located in too close
proximity, else discord is possible, to say the
least. The details of his great plan are ar
ranged to Mr. Gilmore's perfect satisfaction,
ami will be given to the public at a very
early date. Meanwhile it is enough to say
that he is iu excellent health, aud comes back
ready and able to bring the scheme to a
triumphant reality next Juno.
A J.cttcr lo Alexis from an Indignant
Colored Gentleman.
Jo the Grand Duke Alexis:
Slit: I write to inform you that, desiring
to purchase tickets to tho ball given iu honor
of your arrival iu Philadelphia, I was refused
the same for no other reason than because of
my complexion. I cannot believe, represent
ing. as yon do. an empire which embraces
within its limits men ol many dilferentraces,
that tills narrow and illiberal act of caste
and prejudice can, in any way. receive your
sanction and approval. I attribute it rather
to that flunkey spirit in certain poor-souled
republican Americans, who, while
they are ever as ready to fawn upon
tho great, are also ever ready to insult
the humble aud friendless. Believing that
your spirit is Tike the aspirations of your
mighty country—cosmopolitan—l am satis
tied that you approved ot no snch contempti
ble act ol some impoverished spirits around
you. Denied access to your presence, I ven
ture to thus pay vou my respects, aud that,
although a Grand Duke, I regard you as a
much Letter republican than those Ameri
cans who have, in my person, insulted a
man on account of his complexion. The act
would not he tolerated in Russia, and I be
lieve you despise it, as does your humble
servant,
Tnos, J. Dorsey, 1231 Locust street.
PHILADLU’IIIA, Dec. 4, 1871.
81 are Trade in Polynesia.
From tho San Francisco Bulletin.
During the past two years much has been
said and written about the slave trade of the
South Pacific, and the horrors that the un
fortunate natives have been subjected to;
but if recent information reaching us from
respectable sources bo correct, the truth has
only nartiallyreached the civilized world.
A gentleman who has recently returned
from a voyage to the westward describes
tins trade as terrible in the extreme. Some
fifteen or sixteen vessels are employed kid
napping natives to cultivate cotton at Fiji,
Queensland, and Tahiti. Formerly
when a vessel neared these islands hundreds
of natives went aboard to welcome the stran
gers; but now, when a vessel is seen off the
island, the natives at once go inland. The
mode adopted to obtain these simple people
is horrible to contemplate. Lute in the
night a boat leaves tho vessel with ten or
fifteen ruffians. After effecting a lauding
they cautiously get behind a native house
and set -lire to the thatched roof. Tho in
mates rush out, and arc at once ironed. Then
the people come from tho neighboring
houses, generally two or three at a time, and
as they approach are secured. It is quite
customary, on any attempt to escape, to
shoot them down like dogs.
Tho British Government has asked tho
Australian Colonies to assume such protect
orate as will stop this inhuman trade on the
adjacent islands, if it can he effected with
out cost.
—One thousand freight cars are to he placed
upon the Terre Haute Road to run between
Brazil, Ind., and Chicago.
WATCHES AND JEWELRY.
A. H. MILLER,
Established, May 1,1856
Burned up, Oct. 8 and 9,1871
Re-established, Oct. 12,1871
AT
479 Wabash-av.,
Corner JEldridge-court,
And is opening the most elegant
assortment of
HOLIDAY HOODS
Ever shown in Chicago. The
above stock having been select
ed by Mr. Miller in his late trip
to Europe and designed for his
magnificent store in process of
erection, comer State and Madi
son-sts., which was also destroy
ed in the late conflagration.
Mr. Hiller's connections abroad have not
been severed, which enables him now, as In
the past, to stand as the leading Jeweller o{
the West. Also, has his Hamifnclorlng De
partment in full operation, retaining all the
old Urst-class workmen, and Is prepared to
make or repair Jewelry, Watches, Silver
ware, &c., to order.
A. If. MISTER,
479 W abash-av.,
Late Corner Clark and Bondolph-sts.
MitiHJiii,
946 State-st.,
COK. OF TWENTIETH,
Have just completed the first
Jewelry Store erected in Chi
cago since the great fire, and
opened the most complete and
elegant stock of WATCHES,
DIAMONDS, PINE JEWEL
RY, SOLID SILVER, SILVER
PLATE, etc., etc., ever brought
to this market, at their usually
low prices.
BDIIII SrIiILTDI
JEWELLERS,
State and Twentietb-sts.
EBSONH. GOODRICH,
Lale Goodrich, Kirby Co.,
REMOVED TO
931 W abash-av.,
NEAR TWEXTIETII-ST.
Watches, Jewelry,
m mi mm tail
Prices Slower than Ever.
WOW RETDSI,
but will sell here at REDUCED PRICES,
the large stock of DIAMONDS,
WATCHES, FRENCH CROCKS, AND
FANCY GOODS, ordered during the past
summer in Europe for our New Store, 83
and 85 State-st.
GILES, BRO. &GO.
384 AVabash-av.
BRANCHES—2I7 West Madison-st., aud IKTwcn*
ty-.second-n.
liAßffGSi By,
W- 3S
Wholesale dealer in
Cheap Watches and Jewelry,
tit North Cannl-wt.. Chicago. 111,
Dressed Hogs.
Wo are now ready to handle Dressed Hogs as nanal,
and ran extend to Shippers every advantage furnished
by any Inmso in the city, having, for the sixteen vears
wo have been In business, sold more Dressedßogs
than any house hero.
Commission one and ono-Imlf per cent on enr
load lots.
Liberal CASH ADVANCES mado when desired.
Shippers can draw at sight with a railroad receipt for
tlnee-riuarters value of shipments, without further
notice. Personal attention given to sales ami deliver,
ies. FuU market ptices and satisfaction guaranteed.
Send for stencils ami weight lists. Also, for special
freight arrangements.
Provisions Bought and Sold on Margins*
Sherman Hall Cook,
COMMISSION* MERCHANTS,
283 MICHIGAIST-AV.
References: First National Bank Fourth National
Bank.
GiLBEET EEEGi,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
43 Ciinahst.
Advances made on consignments ol
Grain, Seeds, and Provisions.
tx?* Special attention given to buying and selling on
MABUIKS.
RDMSEY. WILLIAMS CO.,
43 CANAL-ST.,
Aro now paying particular attention to handling
D&ESSSD HOGS,
And will make liberal advances on consignments of
same.
Daily Market Reports, Weight Lists, and
Stencils famished npon application!
JONES RAYMOND,
Commission Merchants Provision Dealers,
Bear old Chamber of Commerce,
Corner LaSalle andWaahington-sts.,Chicago.
Particular attention paid to handling
Dressed Hogs.
PROFESSIONAL.
fySRS. DR. GROSS’
WEST SIDE OFFICE.
To accommodate her patients, MBS. GROSS has
opened on office at
315 West Monroe-st.
Office hours from 2J to Sp. m., Tuesdays and Satur
days. South Side Office at her residence, 75Q Mlchl
gan-av. ________
llElilli mu ISSIIIUTE,
Before tho fire at IS9 Wabash-av., now at
NO. 123 CALUMET-AV.. CHICAGO.
This is truly a home of modem improvements, full
of comfoits h>r tho Invalid, and the best medical ami
electrical means known in the profession use-L For
reference send for a circular.
JUSTIN HAYES, M. D.,
Resident Physician.
ORGANS.
Estey Organ.
STOREY CAMP, General Agents, <lO9 West flan
dolph-st. Organa to rent or for sale on instalments. _
insurance.
AETNA
Insurance Company
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
Organized .1. D. 1819.
Losses paid In fifty-two years Over
>29,ooo,ooo—Exclusive of Late
Chicago Losses.
Cash Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample re-!nsurancefund after
Paying Chicago Losses.
Assets Over $4,500,000!
ThlsweM-known and reliable Com
pany, which has stood tho tests o
over half a century, will continue issu
ing NEW POLICIES and RENEWING
OLD ONES at current rates.
com men, mis,
Office, 585 Wabaih-av., 13 South Canal-it.,
Adjusting Office: 750 Wabasb-av.,
Up to Saturday, SoTcmber 18,1871,1,291
claim* bad been paid, amounting to *2,327,-
Miisieiil aid Colhtii
OS?
BAM CLAIM
At tho request of many of my old customers, T will
undertake the adjustment and collection of claims by
our lato lire. Special attention given to chnma
against insolvent companies.
T. L. DULLER,
■ls Sontli Dcsplaincs-st.
Putnam Fire Ins. Co.
Office, -Room 2. No. 30 West Madison-st. Tlie credit
ors of tills Company aro requested to call at their
earliest convenience to consult the President in ref
erence to a settlement ol tlieir cLiiru*.
STATE A 1 GAMY CM.
Policies bought for cash, at highest market*rates.
SHU-FELDT it,PALL, r, "West Madison-st.
Teutonia Fire Ins. Co.,
OF CLEVELAND, OHIO.
Adjusting Office, HI West Wushington-st.
IS. S. TIFFANY. AdjUStOr-
FURNTTURE.
FURNITURE
fl’e have now on hand, and arc
constantly manufacturing, all
kinds of FIIiMTURE and Office
Desks. Also, BEDDI-\G of every
description, wliich we arc selling
at our former LOW PRICES.
CALL BEFORE PURCHASING.
I MISTM k C 3.,
320 MICIUGAN-AV.,
Between ITnrninn-roart mid TwdfUi-Nt,
WEBBS
FURNITURE GO.,
WAREROOMS,
213 ii24S Soi (M-St,
CORNET. JACKSON ST.
A large amount of goods
arriving daily.
A. A. FARWELI/, Agt.
TERRA COTTA.
TERRA COTTA.
Inflow aii Door Coos,
Belt Comes, Cornices,
Brackets Glliey fop,
Vases, Eipg Sestets, it.
CHICAGO TERRA COTTA CO.,
Factory and Office, near the corner
Sixteenth and Renben-sta.
BUSINESS CARDS.
IVIEAD&HIGGINS,
Wholesale Grocers,
201 206 West Washln^ion-st.,
Offer a full line of goods at very
low prices.
Call and see ns.
MALT.
HAVING COMPLETELY REBUILT MY
iMLAJL/T HOUSE,
493, 494 a 496 Nortb Statc-sl.,
I am prepared to fill orders for Malt the same as ho
foro the are. CIIAS. POPE-
BASE BROS. GO.
WHOLESALE
MLLINEE7.
961 Indiaaa-ar., between Twentieth and
TweniyflrttUHtt.
TOY'S.
Vergho, Buhling Co.’s Be tail Store,
034 Stats-st.
THE ILLINOIS IRON WORKS,
Corner of Wells and Van Buren-«ts.»
have reopened tboir business again, and are prepared
to take orders for ventilators, shutters, gratings, rail
ings, stairs, and all kinds of building work. Particu
lar attention will be paid to the manufacturing of
screw-jacks, dorriaks, etc.
A. BOLTER, Proprietor.
aw m mm nm
S. S. GREELEY,
364 Wabash-av.
GILBERT R. SMITH,
BROKEE,
J%“o. 17 IFarmon-cowrt.
CORY, BARRETT HANNA,
Brokers and dealers in Drugs, Paints, Oils, and Win
now Glass; Carbon Oil, Naphthas, 74° and 85 Q Gasoline
lor lamps and gas machines.
138 JUicbigan-ar., lake from,
corner of Adaros-st.
E. Sweet, Jr. Co.,
Civil Engineers and Contractors*
99 is, Clintou-st Chicago.
Contractors for railroad, dork and
VINEGAR
s’E.ussirjo-’S
VINEGAR WORKS.
AGAIN IN FULL OPERATION.
Cider, White Wine, and Double Vinegar, at the
lowest manufacturing price. Xil and 333 Wabaah-ar.,
between Harrison and Congrcss-sts.
CHAS. G. E. TRUSSING, Proprietor.
The Commercial
LOAN COBEtI43TY
Has purchased, since the great fire, t*fr &*u
building, ICB ARCHER-A V., Junction Twenty vol a
at., and havoie?umed business as usual to said
tag- A flrst-clow fire-proof vault is completed. Thtk
patrons of the Bank can deposit vdoablo papers or
articles In said vault without charge.
TItE COMMERCIAL LOAN CO. will transact a
savings as well as s general hanking business, «mn
bills of exchange on New York, and tie principal cities
of Europe.
Tho Commercial Loan C% ha» also secured a twenty-
years lease of the northwest comer of North Clark and
Michlgan-sta. A fire-proof building and vault Is now
being built on said lot, andws expect to msutae our'
North Side business about tho first day of January
next.
FRED. MEYER, Cashier.
TOLMAN WHEELER, President.
TRUSTEES—If. D. Buchanan, Conrad Rehrke,
Toiman Wheeler. C. Kann, Wo. Knot©, V*ia. a.
Ewing, Bacon Wheeler, C. B. Meyer, Thomas Buchan*
nan, dr.. Fred, Meyer. O. Craakhlte.
CHICAGO, NOV. 20,157 L
Dry Goods Bank.
CAPITA!,, ©l,OOO, COO;
336 Broadway, SEW TORHc-
DIBECIOBS.
Jarvis Blade.
Thomas P. Eldridgo,
Samuel B. Dana,
Cornelius N. Bliss.
M. F. Hunt,
Walter n. Lewis,
Eldridge, Dunham dk Co.
TJpham, Tucker A‘ tw;
John s. Ebon Wright <fc-Oa.
Spaulding, Hunt *Co.
Lewis Brothers Cot
Edward M. Townsend
Jacob Wendell,
S. S. Fisher.
James Einott, Emot, Hammond* Pomeroy, (Counsel.)
Hewlett Scudder, Jones, Underhill Scuddor.
George F. Victor, F. Victor Achella.-
Bryco Gray, James F. White Co.
Edwanl K I’oor, Denny, Poor Co.
Chas. G. Shaw, Shaw, Barbour Co. (of Cincinnati)
HemwAlmy, Almy&Co.
m. Post, Whittemore, Poet, Post Co.
Jesse Sellgman, -J,* W. Seligmaa Co.
William Brtatuall,
Accounts of Banks, Bankers, Merchants, Mannfao
tuters and dealers generally throughout tho country
are solicited. Collections made on very reasonable
terms. Interest allowed on B"-nVt Bankers* bal
ances.
WILLIAM P. BRTNTNALL, President
CHARLEg E. BOGKRY. Cashier.
Real Estate Loan and
Trust Co.
SAVINGS BANK
SOUTH SIDE OFFICE,
685 Wabash-av.
WEST SIDE OFFICE,
121 WEST WIBHIN6TOS-ST.
BENJ. LOMBARD, Presiden
S. A. BRIGGS, Vico President
BANKING HOUSE OF
liT, PIESTOII KM,
masonic hl'lldixc,
Corner of Hoisted and Bandalpb-sts.
BANK OP DISCOUNT AND DEPOSIT.
Sterling Bills on Dondon. Gold Draits on
New York.
NOTICE.
The annual meeting of the Srtoekholders
of the FIFTH .T.ITIO.V.JL B.IJTK.
OF CHI.CmI.GOy fop the election of Di»
rectors for the ensuing year trill be held
at the Office of said Bank, in Chicago on
Tuesday, January 9, 187), between the
hours of 3 and 3 p. m
MSmUIC G. X0.7/B.JBD. Cashier
SPECTACLES.
niONEV CANJVOT
For Sight is Priceless!l
;®*gsa
But the Diamond Spectacles Will Preserve it.
IF YOU VALUE TOUR EYESIGHT
USB THESE
PERFECT LENSES.
Ground from minnto crystal pebbles, melted to
gether, and derive their name, Diamond.” on ac
count of their habdxess and BoiLu.vxcr- They will
last many years without change, and are 'warranted
superior to all others in use. Manufactured bX.
J. SPENCER CO., Opticians,
SEW XOEK.
CAUTION.—None genuine unless stamped with our
trademark.
X’or sale by responsible agent* throughout the Union.
J. IS. jILVYO C0..-tes State-fit.
Jewelers and Opticians, are solo agents for Chicago
Ills. From whom they can only bo obtained. Ko
pedlars employed.
TOBACCO.
THE FIRST MANUFACTORY IN THE BURNT
DISTRICT.
omoAoo
TOBACCO WORKS,
WATT As JOHNSON, Proprietors,
ABCAOE COURT,
Bear of icp LaSalle at.
LEAP AOT OIL WORKS-
CHICAGO
LEAD OIL WORKS
Established 1854. Burnt and Bcbnllt
MANUFACTURERS OP
Lend Pipe, Sheet Lend, Bnr and Pl* Lead.
I nreKaw nnd Boiled Linseed Oil andGrooad
Oil Cake, for feeding.
All our linseed Oil is guaranteed strictly mrg and
toll xceighL
Office: CHICAGO SHOT TOWER CO.,
Manufacturers of Drop Shot, Buck Shot, and Ttaiis
Orders from the trade solicited.
E. W. BLATCHKOBB St 00.,
70 North CHnton-st.
KNITTING MACHINES.
KNITTING MACHINES
Indies, why work at starvation wages wlien you
can earn a competence on the Lamb Knitting Ma
chine} It knits heavy mittens and gloves of allsizes,
complete without a seam, and produces a variety of
elastic, fiat webs ami fancy stitches for underwear,
scarfs. Itggius. Cardigan jack ois. tidies, mats, &c. A
gentleman in till:? city cleared ?i,.j00 on a single ma
chine in tea months: others beginning with one ma
chine and small capital, are nowrunniug from ten t»
twenty machines.
Pvouucts of each machine from 2to 3 dozen pairs of
socks or mittens per day; profit from 25 to 100 per cant.
Pi Ice not higher thau standard sewing machines, but
earns two fold more to the operator.
The Lamb Knitter has become the standard machino
for manufacturing, its work commanding tie highest
pticos in every market. Sold on easy terms. Call anil
escininc or stud for circular and sample stocking.
XIULBKUT WOODIIEAR. General Asouts,
Chic igo.
OCEAN NAVIGATION.
OTNAKD LINE
Steam between New York, Boston,
Liverpool, Queenstown, Glas
gow, Londonderry,
THREE SAILINGS EVERY WEEK.
Passengers booked to and from German and Scandl
navlan ports, and all parts of Europe at lowest rated.
Sight drafts fr*m £i upward. Through bills of lad
ing for merchandise, to and from Europe, Issued in.
connection with Lake Shore southern
Railroad.
P. H. DC TEMET, Casial Western 4geat,
STB State-st.. Obicaco.
BLANK BOOKS.
Blank Books
RTTT.Ttn ATJn EADE TO ORDER U» ONE
WEEK, AT
DONOHUE, WILSON i HENXEBEBET’S,
30, 33 AND 31 NORTH CAIV.tX.-BT.
reorders solicited from Merchants, Bankers, Ball
roads, and Insurance Cnmpantos.
BOOKS.
HOLIDAYS.
A Large Assortment of New and Beau
tiful Books, at Lowest Prices.
American Tract Society,
467 1-2 Micbigan-av., Chicago.
MEDICAL CARD.
Dr. A. G. Clin,
The longest engaged and most successful physician is
all Chronic and special Diseases (formerly ift: Wiv-h
--ington-st.), is now confidentially consulted, personally
or by mail, at 565 Statist, Chicago, \l* S-nd Stamp
orcliculftr.
3
Townsend A Yale;
J. C. Howo Go.