4
Cite Cliieagfl Ceit«nc»
t
Verms ol Subscription,
PAYABLE IS ADVAKCK s
Dally Edition, per year, by matt. p »w>
Trl* weekly Edition, per year, by mail... 6.00
Sunday Edition, per 3 ear, by matt.
Weekly Edition, per year, by mai1....,,....,,,.,, 2,00
Parts of a year at the same rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, be sure and give Post
Office address m full, including State and county.
Remittances may be made either by draft, express,
post Office order, or la registered letters, at our risk,
TEEMS TO CITV SUBSCBIBEBS*
Daily, delivered, Sunday excepted, 25 cents per week.
Dally, delivered, Sunday inclnded, 30 cents per week.
Address THE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
No. is Canal-st.. Chicago, m.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13. 187 L
THE COMMOILCOURCUr—AK INVESTIGATION
WANTED,
The report of the proceedings of the Com
mon Council, on Monday evening, goes far
to confirm the impression that the corrup
tionists who ruled that body last year, with
recruits from among those elected this year,
will have a majority large enough to control
it. In hot haste, and in order to anticipate
any legislation by the State, they proceeded
to the election of a number of city officers.
1- or ten days before this meeting there were
caucuses of the rump of the old nineteen,
"with their recruits: these caucuses appoint
ed committees; candidates were interviewed,
and money was demanded as the price of
nomination. Am Alderman stated publicly,
on Monday night, that money had
been demanded as the price of nomina
tion, and asked for a postponement
of the election for investigation. The mo
tion was voted down, and the election pro
ceeded. We understand that candidates for
the several offices were required to make
such deposit as they were willing to pay for
an election the man who deposited the larg
est pile was selected, and his election was
put through on Monday evening. The can
didates who were not selected state that the
demand was made of them, and do not hesi
tate to name the person making the demand.
We suppose that if the successful candidates,
who are now elected for two years, and can
not be dislodged, are put upon their oaths
and required to tell the truth, they can tell
how much money was paid into the pool.
The persons making the demand
for money for nominations, to be
confirmed by election, represented that they
controlled twenty-two votes; this number
of votes was, of course, equal to an election
and excluded any hope of an opposition.
The list of the Aldermen thus represented
as composing the twenty-two who would
vote for candidates depositing money, con
tained anumber of these elected outlie Fire-
Proofjticket; and it was this fact, perhaps, to
which Mr. Holden referred, when he spoke
of the purity of the Fire-Proof Aldermen.”
His allusion to the corruption of those Alder
men, so far as it was a the people,
was unjust: the fact that an Alderman ob
tained his election, professing to be honest,
and then at once united with the rump of
the nineteen, is evidence merely that such
men have betrayed the people.
We do not suppose that all the twenty-two
Aldermen thus named received a portion of
this blackmail extorted from tbe candidates;
but twenty-one Aldermen united in the elec
tion of candidates who had paid for their
election. To that extent they participated
in the disgraceful proceeding. Though they
id not sell their own votes, and received no
portion of the proceeds, they ratified the
sale of those votes hy others.. These gentle
men owe it to themselves to order an inves
tigation by a committee; and the President
of tbe board owes it to the public, and to’his
own character, that he appoint a committee
free of all suspicion of direct or indirect con
cern in the dishonest transaction.
From a Council that thus begins its proceed
ings, and thus openly defies public decency,tho
people can hardly expect much. There are
n number of Aldermen in that Council who
can hardly afford to he dishonest, or to bo
silent when dishonesty is openly practised.
Those may he able to protect the public; but,
if it is true that a majority of tho whole
Council is already advertised for sale, it may
result in the necessity of an appeal to pub
lic opinion in some other mode. Tho expo
sure of the frauds in New York, and the re
forms accomplished, were the result of pro
ceedings by a committee of citizens, acting
without any legal authority, aud supported
only by the approval and confidence of tho
people.
MB. TEUHBULL ON THE CIVIL SERVICE.
The telegraph has furnished us with a tol
erably full abstract of the remarks of Sena
tor Trumbull on Monday, concerning the
state of the civil service. The words of onr
distinguished Senator cannot fail to attract
the attention and command the respect of
t lie nation. The occasion for the speech was
the introduction, by Senator Trumbull him
self. of the following resolution
IxCtoJad. The House of Representatives con’
rurring. That a joint select Committee on Re"
ti uk hint nt, consisting of rour members of the
f-uiate and seven members of the House, be ap
pointed hr the presiding officers of the two houses,
aud that said committee be instructed to inquire
into the expenditures mall tho branches of tho
M'ivk-c in the United States, and to report
whether anv, and what, offices ought to bo
abolished; "whether any. and what, salaries or
allowances ought to be reduced what are the
methods of procuring accountablity in public
officers or agents in the cire and disbursement
of public moneys; whether moneys have
been paid out illegally; whether any
officers or agents or other persons have
been or are emploved in the service with
out authority of law or unnecessarily; and, gen
erally, how and to what extent the expenses of
the service of the country may and ought to be
curtailed: aud also to consider the expediency of
so amending tho laws under which appointments
to the public service are now made, so as to pro
vide lor the selection of subordinate officers, after
due examination, by proper boards, they to con
tinue in cilice during specified terms, unless dis
missed upon charges preferred and sustained be
fore tribunals designated for that purpose; and
lor withdrawing tho public service from being
used as an instrument of political or party patron
,-.<’c: that said committee be authorized to sit
during the recces of Congress,to send for persona
ami papers, and to report by bill or otherwise,
and that said committee may appoint a clerk for
six mouths and no more.
In advocating this, as a substitute for a
resolution introduced by Senator Coukling,
the chief partner of Murphy in his patriotic
business of farming out the Federal patron
age in New York State, Mr. Trumbull ad
verted to the good old days, before Jackson
introduced the spoils doctrine into the civil
service, and when only from five to twenty
removals were made by each President, and
these never for merely party causes.
Those times he contrasted with
the present, when one President and
his Ministers make not less than
tvth; fhoi'f-ovd removals during anadmluis
na i ion of four years, and when the consid
eration least thought about in making ap
pointments and removals is that of personal
titness. From the report of a former Com
mittee of Rctrenchment.Mr, Trumbull quoted
damning evidences of the waste and connip
tion which characterize the present systems;
showed how the tribute levied in the way of
warehousing charges on importers (and
hence on all the people who consume their
wares) goes for the benefit of a few official
favorites,and not for that of the government;
how men notoriously unfit to go into the
public service obtain the most responsible
(and lucrative) places because of their indus
try in doing the dirty work of Congressional
politicians. “Every Senator,” said Trum
bull, “knows that the principal grounds
upon which office is sought or obtained now
are, that the great mass of applicants had
been unfortunate in business and wanted the
government to give him an office by which
he could retrieve his fortunes, or c^se upon
t he ground that he had been very influential
at tome election.”
Senator Trumbull himself introduced, dar
ing the last session of the Forty-first Con
gress. a bill which would go far toward work
ing the reforms which the people desire,
by removing from Congressmen both the
power and the temptation to dabble in this
office-brokerage business; but the Senator is
aj.paieutly not disposed to stop at that point,
if the reform can he pushed further, or if it
can be forwarded more effectively by other
nu-ans. He wants to see the vice reformed
altogether, and is evidently of opinion that a
thorough examination of the whole subject
by an energetic joint committee, iu addition
to the investigations which have already been
made, is needed to get the merits of the mat
ter justly before Congress and before the
country.
We presume that the process proposed by
Mr. Trumbull is as rapid and direct as could
be carried out tvitbout danger of mistakes
and consequent reaction of the public senti
ment. At all events, it is evidently as radi
cal a measure as can 1)0 got through the Sen
ate, -sv here at least two members out of
every three are under direct personal obli
gation to the President for official barter
with which to reward their political retain-
ers. The Senate can hardly refuse, how
ever, to appoint a committee to investigate
a subject which has become a matter of such
grave and general scandal as the abuses of
the civil service; and, if such committee
shall he so made up as to insure a fair report,
and do "whitewashing, their labors cannot
fail to result in much good. The report of
the Retrenchment Committee of ISO 9 is liable
to be cried down, notwithstanding the
startling nature of its revelations, by
the friends of the present system,
who will say, Pshaw! that was
just after Andy Johnson went out.
I*. is different nowlf. as is alleged and
widely believed, tbe system is still growing
worse and worse every day, the people ought
to know it, and their representatives to do
their duty in the emergency. As we have
faid on other occasions, the, Republican
party cannot alford to go into tbe nest Presi
dential canvass with a false standing on this
most vital subject. The people are already
convinced that the office-bartering system is
an evil tree, bringing forth only evil fruit.
Let Congress also become convinced by sucb
legal proofs as itmayreauire. To put on record
again the weighty words of Senator Trum
bull, “Let ns separate tbe Federal Govern
ment from any such use of its patronage.
Let us have a higher state of morals among
its officials. Let us elevate both official in
tegrity and public authority, by insisting
that tbe public patronage of the country
shall no more be used for mere selfish and
partisan purposes than the public moneys in
tbe Treasury. Let ns dp this. and. with a
government so purified, republican institu
tions may be continued; but, unless we have
purify in tbe administration of the govern
ment, the prediction of Clay, that the repub
lic wouid go down in a despotism worse than
that of Constantinople, must, sooucror later,
be fulfilled.”
THE HODGE DEFALCATION.
What the President says in hia message
respecting civil service reform is all well.
He tells us: “It has been the aim of the ad
ministration to enforce honesty and efficien
cy in all public offices. Every public servant
who has violated the trust reposed in him
has been proceeded against with all the rigor
of the law. If bad men have secured public
places, it has been the fault of the system
established by law and custom, and a civil
service reform which can comet this abuse
is much desired, aud I convened a board of
gentlemen, eminently qualified for the work,
to devise rules and regulations to effect the
needed reform,and it is believed that they will
succeed in devising a plan which can bo
adopted, and which will redound to the true
interest of the public service. At all events,
the experiment shall have a fair trial.” For
all which the country is thankful, and looks
on with hope; hut we wish now to call atten
tion to one qualification which ought to be re
quired of every applicant for office, and with
out which it may he considered that no man
is fit for any place of official trust, and that
is, that he shall he of temperate habits. It is
notorious that the public service is
constantly suffering from tb.o care
lessness and inefficiency of meu
whose intemperate habits disqualify them
for the discharge of their duties, It must be
admitted tliat no person who drinks to ex
cess can be relied upon either for ability or
for integrity, aud yet it is well known that
there are men now in office who arc, hy their
habits, wholly unfit for the places they fill,
aud who, notwithstanding, are allowed to
retain the places they hold, greatly to the
public loss aud public disgrace. We would
ask wbat is tbe use of convening boards to de
vise new rules aud regulations to secure hou
est and capable meu in office, when so old
and plain a rule as that requiring that men
in office should keep sober is so often vio
lated Why establish now regulations when
older and more important onvs are daily
broken through?
The Secretary of War, alluding to the
Hodge defalcation, tells us “of the astound
ing frauds which have startled the country
hy their magnitude, and which provoke in
quiry as to some mode for the prevention of
their recurrence;” and goes on to suggest
new tests and checks on disbursing officers,
duplicate statements of accounts, aud plans
of inspection that will he sure to prevent
any such crimes hereafter. We would like
to ask General Belknap if he supposes the
Hodge defalcation would over have taken
place if the head of the Pay Department
bad been a temperate and sober man. Is it
not well known that the habits of the Pay
master General wholly disqualify him at
times for the discharge of the duties of his
office? Is not this, indeed, the most charita
ble explanation of his share in Hodge’s
transactions Is there not something most
absurd aud ridiculous in this parade of new
tests and checks on disbursing officers, this
new system of duplicate statements and
multiplied inspection, while you leave it all
tohepresided over hy an officer often in such
a state of intoxication as to be wholly unable
to discharge his daily duties The Secretary
tells us that Eelaxed duty, failing vigilance,
and excessive confidence suspend all checks
on dishonesty, and render regulation a farce
and yet, what so sure to cause all these evils
as drunkenness? Surely nothing could be
more utterly preposterous, nothing a broader
farce, than convening hoards of eminent gen
tlemen to devise methods of civil service
reform, or this preparing new systems'of
inspecting and examining accounts, and
then leaving the whole under the control
of men whose faculties are often stupefied by
strong drink. Why is it not well to take
some things for granted, as regards civil
service reform? Why may it not he ad
mitted that drinking to excess destroys the
faculties of a man, and that a drunkard is not
fit for office Why would it not be well for
the new hoard to insist upon temperance as
an essential qualification for any place of
trust under the government? A provision
that any man who seeks or holds an office
should keep sober is not unconstitutional; it
is no infringement on the privileges and im
munities of the citizen; and no rule or regu
lation would contribute more to the public
honor and advantage,—for without this all
others, however wisely devised, will never
secure efficiency nor prevent fraud aud
crime.
A PERPETUAL OFFICE.
The Common Council, on Monday night,
appointed, by an unanimous vote, Mr. John
Summerfield Police Justice for the South
Division. The city charter of 1803 (Gary’s
edition, p. 1131 provides that “The Common
Council shill, biennially, designate two or
more Justices of the Peace iu said city, who
shall have exclusive jurisdiction as Justices
of the Peace for two years, or until their suc
cessors shall be appointed,” in all actions for
ihe rfiCtivinj? of hues and penalties under
city laws and ordinances. The §aid Justices
of the Peace, so designated, shall bo styled
Police Justices, and shall hold a Police Court
in said city.”
By the act of February, ISGS (Gary, 191), the
Common Council shall have power to pro
vide for the holding of a Police Court in
each division, and to designate a Justice of
the Peace to hold each of said courts.”
There was a State law which authorized
cities to elect police officers known as Police
Magistrates, to servo for the term of four
years each, and until their successors were
appointed.” Tn April, 1807, Mr. John Sum
incrfield was elected a Police Magistrate for
the city of Chicago, to serve for four years.
The Constitution of Illinois, which became
the law of the State August S, 1870, in Article
VL, Section 28, provides:
All Justices of the Peace in tlio city of Chi
cago shall he appointed by the Governor, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate; but
onlv upon the recomeudation of a majority of the
Judges of the Circuit, Superior, and County
Courts, of such districts as arc now or may here
after be provided by law. They shall hold their
offices for four rears, and until their successors
have been commissioned and qualified; but they
maybe removed by summary proceedings in tuo
Circuit or Superior Court, for extortion or other
malfeasance. Existing Justices of the Peace rnid
Police Zlof/istrntcs mav bold their offices until the
expiration of their respective terms.
Mr. Summerfield’s term of office expired in
May, 1871. Ho has not since been appointed
a Justice of the Peace. The office he held
was abolished by the constitution, and his
term of office under his old election has long
since expired. At the recent city election
tlicrc were votes polled for candidates for
Police Magistrates, but they wore void, the
office having been abolished. The City Clerk
was so advised before the election, and since
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 13, 187 L
then the Governor has properly refused to
commission the persons claiming to have
been elected,—there being no longeranysnch
office known to the law.
Common Council is required by law to
designate for the office of Police Justice to
hold Police Court, forthe trial of violators of
city ordinances, a Justice of tbe Peace.”
Mr. Snmmerfield is not a Justice of the Peace,
nor is he a County Justice, nor yet a Police
Magistrate. He holds no office of any kind to
entitle him to be designated as a Justice of
the Police Court,
We understand that ho claims that ho was
elected Police Magistrate in ISO 7, to serve four
years, and until his successor was elected;
and that, as the office has since been abolish
ed, thus precludingthe election of a successor,
his original term continues forever. This is
a claim that in his case the office is perpet
ual, and that the abolition of the office does
not in the least change his official functions.
The designation of Mr. Sninmerfield as
Police Justice by the Common Council can
only he explained by assuming that the
members were not aware that ho is no longer
a Justice of the Peace, or upon the ground
that Mr. Summer-field has a prescriptive
right to holdjoffice, even in defiance of the
constitution and the laws of the State.
A MYSTERY SOLVED.
Wo have hitherto adverted to the painful
lack of explanations of the cause which
brought about the Chicago ilre. Thus far
wo have not had more than a thousand of
these offered, aside from the trivial physical
causes assigned hy matter-of-fact people,—
such as droutb,.high wind, wooden build
ings, demoralized Fire Department, etc. All
these thousand attribute the affair to the
Divine displeasure; hut they do not, hy
any means, agree as to the grounds thereof.
One.of the maniacs who have writtenou
this subject, uud who, unfortunately, have
access to printers’ types, publishes a sheet in
York, Pa., for the purpose of showing that
Chicago was burned because he (John
Henry Deuig hy name) was once arrested in
Chicago as a lunatic. Another bedlamite, at
Omaha, named Eleazar Hale, publisher of a
paper called The ATctr Creation, furnishes,
however, the most interesting—indeed, wo
may say, exciting-interpretation of tho ca
lamity; for he associates it with a past Mys
tery which has heforetime agitated many a
Chicago breast, without a solution being
ever evolved. It was the flying figure on
Honoro’s Block that did the business I The
Delphic Hale says truly of this dread Figaro,
There was a strange power in it to arrest
attention. Citizens would stop in their
course and look at it. None ventured an ex
planation.” But this last statement is not
strictly true. A few did attempt to explain
the vision, which had, for all tho world,
the appearance of a colored gentleman, of
phenomenal longitude, just* awakened from
sleep, and rushing out, without dressing, to
bail a street-car supposed to ho plying on the
farther shore of Lake Michigan, regardless
of the fact that he was about to phuige
headlong in tbe gutter.
Sucli, however, was not tiiG impression
made upon the prophattp R p lL i 0 j Eleazar
Hale, who writes unceming it.
Attention was arrested by tho Bight,
vr iaz *hiient seized us, and wo exclaimed to our
.vinpaniou, involuntarily, What is that 1” and
the interpretation came with tho force of a voice
of thunder,“Judgmentl Judgment! spread tho
sound, ye winds, to the four quarters of tho
earth; Justice and Judgment are the habitation
of God’s Throne in the heavens and onthe’earth.
The day, the hour hosteneth. Prepare, oh maul”
etc., tie.
“With the interpretation thus flashing on
our interior,' 3 saysEleazar Hale, as the voice
of the Infinite, wo left the spot, and wo
stepped lightly from the view,” etc. But
“We had not seen all.” The iniquity of
Chicago was further made manifest when
Elcazar Hale made an inspection of tho
rooms below, and found them filled with
real-estate dealers. Whereupon Elcazar
Hale remarks;
■\Vhat a providence, to control tho mind of the
ignorant artist not knowing the depth of his own
design, and the minds of land sharks to gather
underneath a sign threateniugspeedy destruction!
Oh, Chicago! Chicago! Thou (jueen of tho West!
Thou whore of the American Babylon! Thou that
sitteth on many waters and knowest no evil! Oh,
that thou would consider that Judgment is near
—even at thy door!
and much more of the same sort; closing
with an elaborate injunction to tho other
cities of the earth not to go on and incur a
fate like Chicago.
This revelation comes to ns like a voice in
the night. Perhaps we might have got
along without a new interpretation of the
cause of the fire; but anything which would
help to solve tho mystery of the flying figure
was what we all thirsted for. But we con
jure Mr. Honore not to put any more Mer
cury upon his buildings, and involve tho
town in another such scrape. Tho archi
tecture of the rebuilt town must bo war
ranted free from Mercury,” if such is to be
the effect.
MASSACHUSETTS AND HEE BORE.
The Hoosac Tunnel has again become an
exciting topic in Massachusetts. The enter
prise is, according to the contract with the
Messrs. Shandly, to bo completed by the Ist
of July, 1873, and the prospects are that no
extension of the time will bo asked. But as
the work nears its completion the question
what to do with it after it is completed rises
in importance; and this question has just
now hcen brought to a crisis by the alleged
efforts of certain New York parties to gain
possession, by purchase, of the tunnel and
its railroad connections. These con
nections comprise the Troy Greenfield
and one or two other minor roads; and the
Fitchbnrgh Road is expected to form a por
tion of the trunk line whenever the com
pletion of the tunnel shall give to the route
the dignity of a trunk line. These roads are
not as yet consolidated, nor arc any negotia
tions yet in progress, of which the public or
the State authorities have heard, looking to
a scheme of consolidation, or of advan
tageous running connections.
In this juncture of affairs, or, rather, want
of juncture, to be more literal, it is rumored
that Governor Clatliu, who has authority to
do what he chooses with the Hoosac Tunnel,
has been approached by the agents of some
corporation belonging to New York (and ev
erybody immediately cried “Vanderbilt”) and
challenged for a trade, whereupon some of
the newspapers, chictly those which have
been hostile to the tunnel all along, remind
the Governor that the tunnel is naught but
a nuisance any way, and advise His Excel
lency to snap up the first offer that ho can
get. The Springfield Hvjyuhlicaii is the leader
of this party, which can scarcely bo called a
disinterested one, while the Boston Bulletin,
among others, having, apparently, the inter
est of Massachusetts more at heart, enters its
“earnest protest against any such disgrace
ful and suicidal action.” Meantime a repre
sentative of one of the Boston dailies holds an
interview with the Governor, and learns from
him these facts: That the offer came from
representatives of the Troy Boston Rail
road—not the Troy Greenfield Railroad, as
some have said.—and that the idea was to
give the State seven millions of dollars in
exchange for the tunnel. He and the Coun
cil thought best to consider it, and did so
accordingly. The Governor confesses that
he received the offer .with a good deal of
pleasure, since it would have the effect to
stimulate the energy of the lines of whiph
the tunnel constitutes a part. If these will
not move, the Governor is inclined to the
opinion that the tunnel had hotter bo sold
to the Troy Boston corporation, or in fact
any otherwhich will make it the nucleus of
a great trunk line. Governor Clafliu remarks
that, “As the tunnel stands at present, with
no prospect of a proper arrangement with
existing State lines, it is still a bore:” and
adds, by way of a plain fact to cap this
Gubernatorial joke, that nothing further
will be done about the tunnel until the
Legislature shall have acted.
It will be remembered that the Railroad
Commission of the State has strongly favor
ed an undertaking by the State of some one
line of railroad as an experiment looking
toward the euro of the corporation evil by
State management. It so happens that the
Fitchburg was one of the lines which the
commission recommended the State to pur
chase. It would not seem unlikely, there
fore, that, in view of the fact that the State
already has the tunnel on her hands, at a
cost which no corporation will make good,
and in view also of the strictly public nature
of the object striven after in the construc
tion of the tunnel, which would he liable to
bo thwarted by some piece of Vanderbiltic
strategy, in case a comparatively weak cor*
poration should got hold of the tunnel, the
Legislature may conclude to take possession
of the entire lino to the Now York border.
If not, theußostou parties, interested in tho
recently revived commercial prosperity of
that city, will relieve the Commonwealth '.of
the burden, and at the same time guarantee
faithful and energetic operation of tho road.
We conjure Boston to look alive” for her
interests in this matter, and warn her that
Chicago has not concluded to make over her
entire grain traffic to Boston until this rail
road matter is satisfactorily adjusted.
IHTEHVIEWIHG AH EMPEBOH.
To such perfection has the interviewing
business been brought, or, rather, so tired of
it have the readers of newspapers become,
that, among experienced interviewers, any
body of less rank than an Emperor or a
Prince is considered too small game to ho
worthy of attention. As Emperors and
Princes range chiefly in Europe, the inde
fatigable correspondent follows them
thither, seeks them out, and pins them with
his feathery arrow (by which term we in
tend, of course, to designate tho inter
viewer’s pen, pencil, or stylus), before their
victim has time to say “Jack Robinson,”
much less articulate, in the well-rounded
phrases of royalty, a remonstrance against
the process to which ho is being subjocted-
In this manner we have had Napoleon 111.,
tho Pope, Kaiser William, Prince Frederick
William, and other great potentates impaled
and served up to tho readers of the Herald,
and other journals equally alive to tho im
portance of this sort of literature.
The climax was capped, the other day, hy
a Herald correspondent, who dogged tho
Emperor of Brazil to Egypt, and cornered
him somewhere among the Pyramids. There,
where the eyes of forty centuries looked
down upon them, tho two great men con
versed. There, where all else was dry as tho
desert, the skilful artist applied his pump
ing apparatus to tho Imperial Dom Pedro
d’Alcautara, and brought forth such rich
streams of gossip as must have warranted
him, at the very least consideration, iu charg
ing double rates for his next letter. We
can only give our readers a mere skeleton of
the revelations then and there developed.
The Emperor inquired iu what language tho
correspondent would prefer to have him
divulge. The correspondent thought he
would take his in English, as he understood
no other.
Then ensued the royal revelations. Dom
Pedro 11. informed Ills interlocutor (jHipriwi*)
that it was a line day; O'/cmi) that tlie Ameri
cans very nice people, and, as it were,
neiglibors of liis; {item) that His Majesty was
travelling very quietly, and really had noth
ing to communicate; {item) that Egypt was a
very pleasant country—that is, the more
agreeable features of it; (item) that the cor
respondent had better visit the Khedive’q
sugar mills at once; {Hem) that His
had never had the cholera, g a id
about the measles), nor Majesty de
sire to enjoy that luxury; {item)
that the corespondent had better get out.
last piece of imperial information
seems to have been precipitated by a sudden
suspicion, on the part of Horn Pedro,
that ho was being interviewed. “And
with this,” tho'indefatigablo interviewer re
cords, Pom Pedro Alcantara rose to his
imperial feet and bowed mo to the door with
great cmin-ewnneui.”' Whether one of his im
perial feet assisted the happy interviewer
through the door, with groat mpmsment,”
we are not told, and hence infer the negative;
for one of these errant knights of the
stilleto would nor allow to go unrecorded so
unusual an honor as that of being hooted by
an Emperor. Perhaps, on the whole, the cor
respondent was piqued because ho was not
kicked; else why should he insert, like a
sting, in the tail of his inessage (which, by the
way, comespcr cable,) the statement that Dom
Pedro is a little like Zack Chandler in con
tour.of countenance and 1 Perhaps
because ho knew how joyous Chandler would
become over it.
The new Common Council has an excellent
opportunity to score a mark to its own credit
in fixing the rates for the city printing. It
has already elected a City Printer, according
to the charter. Previous to proceeding to
this action, however, the Council received
and referred to one of its committees an
offer from the Evening Mail to do
the city printing, to the satis
faction of tho authorities or
dering it, at rates ono-fourth less than those
which were paid during tho last two years
to a paper of less circulation. Accompany
ing this offer was a request to the Council to
elect, as City Printer, that paper which
should make tho lowest responsible hid, duo
regard being had to the relative circulation
of the papers competing.
The Council, however, practically tabled
this communication, and went on to elect tho
Evening Post, a paper similar to tho Evening
Mail in character and circulation. This was,
as wo have said, according to the charter,
and no Alderman can bo impugned for bis
vote on tho qnestion. Nevertheless, if tho
members really desired to help the city gov
ernment t® retrench expenses, it seems as
if they would have adopted tho hint which
has hitherto been given them quite publicly,
and elected tho journal which offered to do
the job at the most reasonable rates. They
have chosen their paper; hut there
is still an opportunity to silence
the complaints of those who aro appre
hending that there is too much of Tam
manyism in the now Council. This can bo
done by lixing the rates for the city printing
at an honest, living price,—that, in fact,
which the Mail proposed. If tho Council
fails to do this, the transaction will imme
diately assume the character of a job, and
the parties thereto will have to accept tho
stigma due to such.
The great Tichbomo case still agitates tho
British mind, even in the face of tho exciting
situation of things at Sandringham, where
the Prince of AVales, who was about to step
upon tho throne, is now momentarily ex
pected to step into his grave. The chances
of tho claimant seem to be about foregone,
notwithstanding it was three
weeks ago, that tho bets had become
as high as two to three upon tho
pretended Baronet’s success. It has since
been announced by telegraph, however, that
tho backers of the claimant have weak
ened so sensibly that only one to ten is haz
arded in his behalf. The weak point in his
case—that is, supposing the jury to accept as
credible all the other testimony—is tho proof
of his disembarking iu Melbourne, harbor,
from the vessel called the Osprey, which is
claimed to have picked him up at sea. His
counsel have brought forward ono man to
swear to this fact, but his testimony is far
from being convincing. This wit
ness is an architect, whoso
actual professional experience has been even
less than that of tho celebrated Mr. Peck
sniff; haviugbeeu conlinod to tho construc
tion bfanaddition toa country school-house,
and, as he carefully informed tho Judge,
tho moving of a rear wall of a play-ground.
In short, the witness seems to be a seedy
sort of a person, in Want of some such Job as
this cause cekbrc has furnished to many such
adventurers. His 'testimony was badly
shaken* by the cross-examination, and can
hardly bo taken as of any account by tho
jury. At last accounts, tho claimant had
produced over two hundred witnesses, and
was evidently hoping to overpower
his adversely by sheer force of numbers.
One of his counsel was still in Australia,
searching for the seamen who are alleged to
have been rescued from tho wrecked ship
Bella along with Sir Roger; but, somewhat
oddly, none of them had been discovered. It
seems probable, unless tho defence should
depend upon the weakness of their adversa
ry's cause and withhold some of their testi
mony, that tho case will consume several
months yet in its hearing.
In correcting the erroneous statement pub
lished in our city columns some time since
concerning the Milwaukee firemen and tlieir
behavior hero during the recent conflagra
tion, we added that we presumed tlxe charges
against the Aurora firemen, of receiving
money from private individuals for saving
their property, were equally groundless.
Testimony has since been presented to us
which completely exonerates the Aurora
firemen and their chief, Mr. Shcrer, from that
charge. Wo offer to them onr apologies for
the injustice done to them in the premises,
and our thanks for their efliciencyand zeal
during the great calamity of the 9th of Oc
tober.
“THE COMING GIRL”
Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton’s
Portrait of the Perfect Female.
The Ideal Girl to be Healthy,
Wealthy, and Wise.
Wasp-Waisted Women Not Admired
by Sensible Men.
Girls Urged to Study the tans
of Health, and Obey Them.
The people of the South Bide showed a becom
ing interest in the Coming Girl,” on Monday
evening, by crowding to extreme fulness the
Michigan Avenue Baptist Church, to hear Mrs.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton lecture ou that hypo
thetical young lady. Tho seats were all taken,
and choirs had to be placed in tbo aisles to ac
commodate tho press of humanity anxious ia
regard to tho model demoiselle that is to bo.
South Side folk of all conditions, degrees, and
fexes came to see and hoar tho prophetess of tho
divine feminine future. Among tho audience
were young ladies with their mammas
and with their lovers, and male
candidates for matrimony with their fiancees,
or In lonely and uncomfortable pairs and trip
lets. Papas and mammas came arm inarm to hear
of, and to deplore the many egregious domestic
errors of which they had been guilty. There was
a respectable showing of cynical bachelors, who
were present for no good purpose it is to bo pre
sumed, but who listened with decorous gravity
until tho lecture closed.
It was before an audience like this that, as tho
organ closed its prelude, Mrs. Stanton sailed out,
in all the conscious majesty of veteran woman
hood. Tho mother of tho Gracchi could not have
looked znoro imposing, or smiled with more be
nign dignity. A faint odor was wafted from her
garments as she swept through the chancel with
her thirteen stone avordupois, like tho balmy
breezes that blow off tbo shores of Araby tbo
Blest. She was dressed simply in deep
mourning for her mother, not many months de
ceased. There was not tho glimmer of gold visi
ble about her person. In tho arrangement of her
apparel there was not tho suspicion of frippery
or meretricious adornment. Her ornaments
were of plain jot, with strings of black beads,
faintly suggesting a watch somevTuoro in tho
folds of her corsage. When Mulled, she dis
played two rows of excellent teeth, her own by
hereditary right. sho shook her head, her
own gray hair quivered all over it in short
spirals, having an Individuality, like
tie fjuills upon the fretful porcupine. A
i*luck cushion, or something of that nature, sur
mounted tho crown of her head, from which de
pended block ribbons. About her nock was a
Quakerish handkerchief of white gauze, qr Its
equivalent.
The gestures of tho gentle orator of tho feminine
future were those of simple entreat}*, made with
tho wrists depressed and tho palms upward and
outward. The script of her manuscript bordered
uu the aiitinne. Through an opera-glass it scorn
ed like the Declaration of Independence, proter
naturally enlarged, and indefinitely multiplied.
When all tho little confused noises, incident to
the perfect adjustment aud convenient personal
arrangement of an audience, had subsided, tbo
lady arose and said: lam to give you to-night
rov idea of tho coming girl—what she is
to be, what you and I can do for
her development, and toward changing
the present chaotic conditions and opinions of
society, which so effectually defeat our individual
efforts at home. My ideal girl is to differ from
tho one of to-day, in that sho ia to bo healthy,
wealthy, and wise. Those of you who have
daughters will agree with me that of all arduous
undertakings there is none equal to that of at
tempting to inspire a girl with the desire of hav
■''*»nd body, or most parents with any am
idfion hTtliat w lrectlOU Butas tho
of education, work, and wages n*-, 1 Cl i OQ
strength and endurance, the physical condition
of our daughters is the first con»lderaij° n Na P°:
Icon once said, You cannot make a »Oi\l
of a sick man,” neither can you make hai.J' v
wives and mothers of women who arc always
suffering with some chronic disorders.
hen nine-tenths of tho American women arc
Invalids, and an Increasing number of ouryoun"
girls going to lunatic asylums every year, it is
time for parents and philosophers to examine tho
many causes that conspire to such dlro results.
As a sound body is tho necessary foundation to a
sound mind, food, clothes, exercise, all the condi
tions of dally life aro important considerations In
training girls, either for high scholarship or prac
tical work, and yet how little attention Is paid to
hjgicne.l A physician need but look at tho form
of our girls to appreciate the violence done to na
t tiro In the small waists, constrained gait and man
ners of all we meet. In looking at the beautiful
paintings and statuary in the Old World, I have
often wondered whence came our idea of tho fe
male form. It is certainly like nothing in heaven
above or tho earth beneath, or tho waters
under the earth, for oven tho traditional
mermaid is vouchsafed more breathing power
than to tho woman of the nineteenth century.
None of the old artists have immortalized any
thing of tho kind in marblo or on canvass. Those
of our own times turn away in disgust from the
daughters of Hancock and Adams, to copy tbo
Veuuscs and Madonnas of tho past for tho per
fection of womanly grace and beauty.
All sensible men laugh ut their wasp-liko waists,
and women themselves affect to dislike them,
and always declare, when attacked, that their
clothing is loose, that they arc small naturally,
which is to say that God, by way of making a
variety of tho human species, thought fit to tap
the ribs of the American woman. (Laughter). I
do not like to interfere with tho designs of Provi
dence, but I should like to see tho experiment
fairly tried, for one generation, of hanging all
women’s clothing loosely on her shoulders, that
we might learn whathand God had in her present
•weakness and deformitv.
Ordinarily, a girl of 14 is a healthy, happy,
romping being, with short hair, short dress, and
clothes hung loosely on her shoulders; but as
soon as her skirts trail, and dressmakers begin to
“formtho waist,” as they say, a change takes
place at once in her whole manner and appear
ance. She is moody, listless, weary, struts when
she run, cries when she should laugh, and all this
at tho very age when she should manifest new
power, vigor, and enthusiasm. Much of this
may he attributed to tbe many unnatural re
straints placed on girls, the indoor life, and
sedentary habits, but more to her dress than to
any other ono cause. Tho tight waist, by com
pressing the ribs, prevents a free circulation of
the blood and action of tho heart and lungs, and
paralyzes a belt of nerves and muscles of at least
six inches in width round that part of tho body.
When we remember that deep breathing has
much to do with deep thinking, we see tho rela
tion between scholarship and clothes. Girls, by
the stylo and material of their dress, are prac
tically debarred from all outdoor amusements,
and yet they need them as much as boys do, and,
if well trained, and properly dressed, would take
as much pleasure iu them. It is as one of tho
conditions of health that tho question of dress
becomes one of great importance.
There was a time in the history of man,” says
Carlyle, when man was primary', and his rags
secondary; hut times have sadly changed;
clothes now make tho man.” I hope wo are fast
coming to that period iu tho history of woman
when health and freedom in woman
arc to ho the first consideration. If girls aro to
hold an equal place, with equal pay, in tho world
of work, an entire revolution in their dress is
inevitable. When I was a girl, with a short dress
hung loosely on my shoulders, a round hat, and a
pair of light hoots, made precisely like my fath
er’s, I used to walk flvo miles before breakfast,
or ride ten miles on horseback, and to those early
habits, continued obedience to physical laws, I
am indebted for a life of uninterrupted health
and happiness.
Health is tho normal condition of all women.
Weakness, disease, pain, and sorrow are the re
sults, in all cases, of violated law, and not divine
ordination. There la nothing moro absurd than
all the talk we have of the natural weakness and
disabilities of women. So long asphysicians con
tinue to teach this theory, our girls, Instead of
having a feeling of guilt when they arc out of
health, will continue to make Providence the
scape-goat of all their sins and follies.
With the scientific education of onr youths of
both sexes, another generation might show ns
marked a change in tho human family as wc al
ready observe in the lower animals, which sci
ence has done so much to improve during the lust
century. I believe tho time is at hand when wo
shall be as much ashamed of headaches, dyspep
sia, scrofula, and pneumonia as wo now aro of
committing perjury, theft, burglary, and arson.
This is a phase of the woman movement that tho
most conservative gentlemen will rqjoico in tho
dawn of that luillemum day when you are to hear
no more of headaches, or toothaches, whooping
cough, scarlet fever, or fits; when your homes
aro to be changed from tho gloomy hospitals they
now are to abodes of health and happiness;
when nerves are to be superseded by muscles. I
look to lathers,husbands, and brothers to inaugu
rate some grand reform in this direction, for, un
less it isfloue speedily.thcjliigher orders of Ameri
can womanhood mustglvo place to the sturdy for
eign races.
Those who appreciate tho effect of American
institutions on character as highly as Ido, must
feel that this would bo a great calamity. I con
sider the women of this republic, in beauty .moral
power, and true dignity, superior to any type of
womanhood that the world has yet seen, and
perhaps it might not ho amiss, in passing, to say
the same of our men also. {Applause.) There was
nothing in all Europe that pleased me more than
the self-possession of Americana id moving about
among the Kings, Queens, and nobles of tho old
world. _
We never appreciate the effect of our theory,
“All men created equal,” on national character
until we see our people in contact with the
rringing masses in the Old World. It is because I
love our free institutions that I desire to see this
government maintained, perpetual as it only can
o, by baptizing its women in the spirit of free
dom and eqaUty. The destinies of this nation
for another generation arc In tho hands of tho
girls of to-day. And, as it Is impossible to raise
the sick, tho weak; the lazy, to enthusiasm on any
subject, to high purpose or noble action, I urge
Ike girls before mo to study the laws of health,
and obey them, that you may bravely do your
part in maintaining the strength, virtue, honor,
and dignity of tbe republic.
The speaker went on to say that another, though
minor, reason why women should declro health
ia that they may be beautiful. This Is a strong
appeal to tho feminine mind. Girls desire beauty,
yet, instead of obeying God’s laws, they trust to
the recipes in New York papers, such] as the
following: Beautiful women! If you would ho
beautiful, use John Smith’s magnolia balm. It
gives a pure, blooming complexion, and restores
youthful beauty.- Its effects are gradual natural,
perfect. It removes blotches, pimples, tan, sun
burn, freckles, etc., etc.” How can an external*
wash make tho face plump? A few ideas will
make the eyes brighter than a dozen bottles of
balm. What lady of thirty would desire to look
like a girl of thirteen, as their nostrums promise?
Physicians say that paralysis results from the
use of cosmetics, and hair dyes. Women have as
pood right as men to grow old- When it is only
through age that one gathers wisdom, why is
there this constant struggle to appear young I
The fair speaker gave a recipe for preserving
female beauty moro effectual than all the balms
advertised" in the public Journal?. It was the
taking of regular exercises, she breathing of pure
air. the eating of nutritious food, and dally bath'
ing In coid water. Beauty eannoi be put on like
a garment. It works from within. Strive to do
good. Be hind, generous, magnanimous, true
always to yourselt and to others. These virtues
will show themselves in the face. They will
weave a hole about the heart, and give an air of
goodness and greatness that none can mistake.
All good impulses, high resolves, noble eu
deavoie.arc so many delicate touches gradually
developing and rounding out trne womanhood to
its penectiou.
Plato says: “There is a knowledge of the truth
that gives rest to the soul, and thus saves life.
But the mere capacity for thl> knowledge gives
not rest, but restlessness.’* Jealousy, and all evil
tempers and passions, leave their markaand shad*
ows upon the face, and no balm can wash it
away. One of the essential elements of life is
freedom of thought and action. Fickleness of
body and mind follow a long-continued condition
of tutelage. The servile condition of woman is
the last form of slavery left on the earth.
The speaker went on at some length to deride
the supposed secondary condition assigned by
woman to man in the human economy. All the
talk of a woman’s getting out of her sphere la
simply absurd. There is no more danger of a
woman’s getting out of her sphere than of a fish’s
getting out of iis-spherc. Let us have faith in
the divine laws, and trouble woman no more
with an excess of puny legislation. Women need
occupation for the good or the mind as well as of
the body. Onr insane asylums are recruited
from the ranks of the indolent daughters of the
wealthy. Women, not taught some useful trade
or profession, are driven to vice when left in the
world alone. The occupations open to women
now furnish an inadequate remuneration.
At this point the speaker began to speak of the
various professions in their order—the pulpit,
medicine, and the bar, and the capacity of wo
man for tilling them. She said:
All over the country women are making, by the
practice of medicine, from $2,000 to SIO,OOO a year.
Is this not better than pecuniary independence,
even if the women so occupied are obliged to
delegate tbc performance of their duties to other
hands 1 The study of law, the science of human
rights, is as excellent a discipline for the mind as
the study of mathematics. Both sexes should
understand it well enough ta protect their person
and property. It la not pleasant to see women
with property left wholly to the mercy of un
principled lawyers. If the relined influence of
woman is needed anywhere, it is In courts of
justice, especially when cases are tried in which
her own sex la interested. Shakspcaro showed
the ready wit and the keen sympathy of Portia to
ho superior to the lumbering logic of the
Antonios with whom she was associated. Would
women bo more out of place in portraying real
wrongs in a court of justice than in portraying
imaginary ones on the stage 1 Would not the
study of Blackstono and other legal authors en
large woman’s mind as much as the perusal of
magazines of fashions! Would not conversation
with lawyers and business men upon matter in
cidental to tbo legal profession, and the receiving
of fees, be more rational than the Mc-a-letes with
dandies in theparlorl A lawyer’s olHco Is no
more public than a ball-room, and far less liable
to the objection of immodesty.
Every man must see that a woman’s \irtuo and
dignity are united in her pecuniary independ
ence. Daughters and wives should bo encour
aged to enter into all honest and profitable em
ployments, not only for their own welfare, but In
consideration of the public morals. Girls under
stand all this better than their .parents. The
speaker was in the frequent receipt of letters
from all parts of the country of girls eager for
practical education and profitable work. Unfor
tunately, these young laoiesjuad no means of car
ryifip out their desires. Tho rich girls arc ener
vated by luxury, and firm in the faith that pov
erty and hardship can never come to them.
The motive to stimulate them to effort is
wanting. When women aro independent and
Self-supporting, fewer of them will enter the
marriage state from sordid motives than now, The
“Coming Girl” will not accept tlltt marriage
which is based on tho old BlagUyionlan idea that
the husband and wife ays one, and that one is the
husband, It I 9 Qg a'bfturd to educate all girls for
Wives S:s it would be to educate all boys for hus
-1) aids. No girl should marry until she is 25years
of age. Not until that time does she reach full
maturity. Many years of tho girl’s life thus
wasted in feebleness, irritability, and premature
reproduction might be spent profitably in intel
lectual culture. If husbands found companion
ship in tbolr wives in matters ef science, philoso
phy, and government, social life would bo more
refined, and marriages would bemoropermanent.
The Methodist Episcopal Church has taken a
step in tbo light direction, through Bishop Janes,
of New York, who introduced into the
tical Council of that church resolution to strike
the word obey” from ■‘jjo marriage service, two
years ago, which resolution was carried. Until
other sects follow this excellent example. It is to
be honed tnat all girls about to marry will insist
that the knot shall bo tied by a Methodist Bishop.
Tho Episcopal Church is more behind the ago as
regards its marriage service than any other. It
not only retains tho word obey,” but has an
added humiliation in the manner in Which tho
bride is given away.
Several anecdotes were given illustrating this
portion of tho subject. Those reverend gentlemen
who insist on the word “obey” in the marriage
service should I>o impcaoueu lU tho Supremo
Court under tho Thirteenth Amendment, which
forbids Involuntary servitude.
On recommending other avenues of employ
meut, the speaker did not wish to bo understood
underrating domestic avocations. Butthe tastes
of woiZ“ n v aned as much as those of men. To
odiirnto* ill r omen for cooks, chambermaids,
nurses, and would be ta make the
supply in tbo house dffik K% eator than tho de
mand. Horace Greeley 6&fß thi»v instead of
woman philosophers, etc., what is most neCpcu 15
Co. 000 good cooks in our kitchens. Tho needs or
the country In that direction will be readily
acknowledged. But as men are rapidly crowding
that branch of labor, there is no doubt
that cooking will soon be universally well done,
men never failing to do all things welL And,
then, men can endaro the heat and smoke so
much better than women. But women of refined
taste cannot live on S2O a month, which is the
highest wages paid to female cooks. All women
should not bo expected to spend their lives re
volving arouud a cook stove, any more than all
men should he expected to spend their lives be
tween tho handles of.aplow. Men of brains dele
gate such work to others. Let women bo allow
ed to do tho same.
An old German proverb says that “every
woman is bom into tbe world with a stone on her
heart.” The saying is still true. Yet, in spito of
every weight under which she has labored, be
hold her to-day on the heel of man. What orator
has ever drawn larger audiences than Anna Dick
inson did atthoago of 17? The various female
scientists, artists, and authors who had honored
their sex were duly enumerated by the speaker.
In the higher civilization now dawning upon us
unmarried women will be more honored and re
vered, and the term old maid” will cease to bo
opprobrious. The world has always had, and
will have lis Marys (seeking after wisdom, and
its Marthas cumbered with much serving.
The beautiful myth of the goddess Minerva,
springing from the brain of ner father, fully
equipped for tho battle of life, has a deeper slg
nignificanec than tho world dreams of. Life, iu
all highly organized beings, is a struggle to real
ize tho Ideal m the actual. To know what tho
true women of the future will ho, behold man’s
ideal through tho long past, as exemplified by all
poets and painters. Exceptional women have
always been reverenced. Every nation
has its holy virgin, tho godlike typo
of womanhood, through whom It is
supposed each race can he redeemed. The face
of the virgin mother illuminates tho gloomiest
places of tho old world; tho dungeons
where victims died; tho depths where, they
were tortured; tho snbliettes into whose voice
less depths tney fell. It was said that tho face of
the virgin mother was intended to heighten to
tho death agony by its look of pity. To the
speaker tho facts of awful import, and tho sad
face had a deeper meaning. They seemed to
prophesy the day dawning when tho mother-sou!
should descend with healing in her wings, into
the abodes of sorrow and suffering; of outrage
and oppression; giving light, and joy, and peace,
where darkness, despair, and death now reign.
CHICAGO AND EVANSTON.
A Company with a Capital Stock of $500,000,
Organized to Operate a Dummy Railroad Be
tween Chicago and Evanston—Directors and
Commissioners Elected,
A company has been organized to operate a
railroad between hero ami Evanston, tbe motive
to bo a steam dummy. The first meeting.o(
tho stockholders was held at tho office of
Snyder Lee day before yesterday. The
gentlemen whose names follow were elected as
Directors: Julias White, of Evanston; S. B.
Chase, Lake View; Walter B. Scatca, Evanston;
F. J. Howe, Lake View; William Lill, Chicago;
Wilson Phelps, Evanston; J. B. Adams, Evans
ton Merrilf Ladd, Evanston; E. A. Gaeo, Evans
ton T. C. Hoag, Evanston, and W. K. Nixon, Chi
cago.
Tho gentlemen whose names follow were elect
ed as Commissioners to fulfil tho requirements of
the law: Morrill Ladd, Evanston; Isaac R. Hitt,
Evanston; T. A. Coserove, Evanston; H. G.
Chase. Lake View, and F. S. Howe, Lake View.
Merrill Ladd was elected Treasurer of tho com
pany. Tho capital stock of tho road is sioo,ooo,
and the corporation will be called The Chicago,
Lake View and Evanston Railroad Company.”
The details of tho organization will bo com-
Sieted in a day or two. Bight of way has already
een secured. Tho track will be located about
half way between the lake shore and the Mil
waukee Road, the terminus ia this city belngnear
tho intersection of Indiana struct and LaSalle.
Tiio entire length will be thirteen miles. The
road is to be amply supplied with rolling stock,
and as tho stockholders are men of energy, it Is
expected that tho cars will ho running sometime
next summer. Tho owners expect their stock to
bo verv profitable.
BEAL ESTATE.
Instruments Filed for Record on Tuesday, De-
cember 12*
errr property.
Sheffield av, between Kneer st,and Clybourn
av, wf, 24x124 ft, dated Dec. 7; consideration!
$750.
Blue Island av, between Coolidgc and Sampson
sts, wf, 25x124 ft, dated Dec. 7; consideration,
$13,000.
Lots 12,13 and s23ft of Lot 11 in Block 2iu Por
ter’s Block 27, Sec. 33, 40,14, dated Nov. 21; con
sideration, SII,OOO.
Lots 12, is and s 23 ft of Lot 11 in Block 2in Por
ter’s Block 27, Sec. 33,40, 14, dated Nov. 20; con
aldcratlou, SII,OOO.
Wabash av, between Van Buron and Congress
sts, wf, 2C 2-3x160 ft, dated Nov. 17; considera
tion, $20,000.
Warren av, between Page and Paulina sts, n f,
28x125 ft, dated Jon. 12: consideration, $3,300.
Warren av, between Pago and Paulina sts, n f,
10x125 ft, dated Jan. 12; consideration. $2,000.
Halsted st, 120 ft nof Sophia st, wf, 24x90 ft,
dated Dec. 0; consideration, S6OO.
Halsted st, 195 ft n of Monroe st, e f, 23xi°j It,
dated Nov. 16; consideration, S7OO.
Halsted st, 220 ft n of Monroe st, e f, 25x123 ft,
dated Nov. 24; consideration, SB,OOO.
West Madison st, w of near Morgan st, nr, 24x
125 ft, dated Nov. 11; consideration, SIO,OOO.
Lot 8 of Roger’s Lots 1 and 2 of Block 5, Dun
can’s Addition, dated Nov. 8; consideration,
SII,OOO.
Twenty-sixth st, 130 ft e of Indiana av, sf, 25x
125 ft, with building, dated Dec. 7; consideration,
$7,000.
Lot 8 in Bowen and Wait’s Block 13 Sec. 7,3914,
dated Nov. 28; consideration, $740.
SOUTH OF CITY LIMITS.
C 9 Lots in Carr’s re-subdivision of Kedzies sw
1-4 of so 1-4 Sec 9 3314, dated Oct. 0; considera
tion, $25,000.
—Paris fashion correspondents* speak of some
new things In colors; for example, Paris hrnle.
ash-gray, burned love-letter tint,* Paris bombarde
carrier-pigeon elate, tawny stone-color,etc. How
lovely.
DRY GOODS.
Hamlin, Hate Co.
NEW
RETAIL STORE,
NO. 944 STATE-ST.,
CORNER TWENTIETH.
Hfew ami Elegant Stock
CHOICE ME HOODS,
WHICH WILL BE OFFERED AT
EXTREMELYIOW PRICES.
$75,000
Worth of RICH SILKS, saved from the
Ore, at greatly reduced prices.
RICH LACES and EMBROIDERIES,
reduced 35.per cent, to close.
A very select and choice assortment
of STREET SUITS and DRESSES, at
a reduction of one-third.
FIXE SHAWLS and LACE FOISTS,
saved from the Ore, at about HALF
PRICE.
Also, a complete and general as
sortment of LINENS, DOMESTICS,
FLANNELS, CLOTHS, CASSIHERES,
FANCf GOODS, and NOTIONS.
DRESS GOODS.
The finest stock in CMc^o.
WEST SIDE RETAIL, 328 Msdlson-st.
GENERAL WHOLESALE, 31 £,33S.Cana(-sL,
one block from the driggs and Sherman
Houses.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CARPETS, 27, 29
31 West Washington-st., at entrance to
Tunnel.
HAMLIN, HALE CO.
LAMPS, CRO CKEKT. ETC.
MiifflUS,,
201 EAST ETADISON-ST.,
Bund District, near Fifth-ar,,
HAVE A FULL LINE OP
LAMPS
AND
Kerosene Fixtures!
The Largest and Best Stock of
CROCKER?
-sjnx)
Glassware
IN CHICAGO.
Retail Dealers are invited to
examine' their stock before
making purchases.
NUBIAS.
NUBIAS I
5,000 Bozen,
WHITE,
BLUE,
SCARLET,
By dozen or package, at Manufac
tuners’ Prices.
FIELD,LEITEMfiO,
State and Twentielh-sts.
STOVES.
LARGE SIZE
BRILLIANT
BASE-BURNERS
Por heating Stores, Halls, and large
rooms, manufactured by
J.F. R ATHBOM E C®
30 and 32 South Canal-st.
COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
Dressed Hogs.
We are novr toady to handle Dressed Hogs as usual,
and can extend to Shippers everyartvantajte furnished
by any house in the city, havinjr. for the sixteen years
•vve have been in business, sold more Dressed Hogs
than any house hci c.
Commission one ami onc-Imlf per cent on car
load TotHi
literal CASH ADVANCES made when desired.
Shippers can draw at sight with a railroad receipt for
three-quarters value of sldpments, without further
notice. Personal atteutlon given to soles and deliver
ies, Full market prices and satisfaction guaranteed.
Send for stencils and weight lists. Also, for special
freight arrangements.
Provisions Bought amt Sold on margins.
Sherman Hall Cook,
commissioN
283 MICHIGAN-AV.
References: First National Bank Fourth National
Bank.
GILBERT BBEGA,
COMMISSiON MERCHANTS;
43 Canal-sl.
Advances made on consignment*
Grain, Seeds, and Provisions.
"r* Special attention given to buying and »e D
MARGINS.
SINGING BIBDS^ETG
Singing Birds.
A new ‘“Po rt, German
andnU other WnjV! g ,to ,C:m Blr ls; 3130 GOLD
FISH awl AQfc AM* i 31 FRED. KAEMPFER’S,
S$ South Desplainea st, near Madison,
JS^®atgoods.
HOLIDAY
GOODS.
We have now a full
assortment of Pine
Watches, Opera Chains,
Necklaces, Lockets, Gold,
and Cameo Sets, Ster
ling Silver Ware, Silver
Plated Ware, French
Clocks, Bronzes. Gold
and Silver Head Canes,
&c., &c., at prices lawer
than before the fir-a.
Kuan in.
481 WabasSi-av.
PLAIDS.
J. B. SHAY,
248 245 West Madison-st.,
THOMPSON'S BLOCK,
Invites an inspection of
One Case
HAREM CHAPE PLAIDS,
ALL WOOL,
In rich, colorings and
choice designs, bought
cheap and will be sold
at 65c per yard, about
half their value.
opejy ro-i>.u%
Wednesday, Bee. 18.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
LEE SHEPARD
PUBLISH THIS WEEK
A KEW M m OF SOCIETY.
Ruby Dnkc. By Sirs. H. K. Potwin. J2mo. Cloth.
$1.50.
~By Hie intbor of "The Gold Hunters.”
The Whaleman's Adventures In the Sandwich
Inlands and on Che Pacific Coast. By W. H.
Thornes. author of “The Gold Hunter’s Adven
tures,” “The Bnfth Rangers,” and “The Gold Hunt
ers in Europe.” 12 mo. Illustrated. Cloth- SLSO.
By Prof. JAUES DE RILLE.
Anioug ilio DriVnuJ-. Deiog imnnsrmnmo or s
new scries, “The Young Bodge Club.” IGmo.
Cloth. $1.50.
By ELIJAH KELLOGG.
The Crnlsc of the Casco. Ifimo. Illustrated. $123.
THE PLEASANT COVE SERIES.
3 volumes. Illustrated. Per vol., gi.25.
1. A:tlmrßr°wn.tli e Voting Captain,
a. The onugilelivercrs.
a. The C’ni* se of the Casco.
By SOPHIE MAY.
Aunt 3lndffO J s Story. CJmo. Illustrated. 73 ct3-
LUtle Prudy’u Flyaway Scries. svolg. 111. Per
vol.. 75 cts.
1. Little Folks Aatray.
Prudy Keeping ilonsc.
.3* Auat 3ladgc f tt sitory*
By PilX COBDE.V,
The Turning Wheel. By Paul Cobden. author ot
“Who Will Win 1" Going 1 on a itiartlon.” &c. I'laio.
Illustrated. $1.25.
THE RECKONING SERIES.
3 vols. ill. Per vol., $1.25.
3. Who Will Win
ti. Golntr on a DliHslou.
3. The Turning Wheel.
CiP Sold by nil Booksellers and Newsdealers.
LEE SHEPARD, Publishers; Boston.
LEE, SHEPARD DILLINGHAM, New York.
REMOVAL.
mi ifiifly cd.
Dave removed to their Sew Store,
164 MICHIGAN-AY.,
BETWEEN ADAMS AND JACKSON-STS.
Where they are prepared to show a
full line of
HEM- MADE CLOTMS
AND
PIECE ROODS.
EBSOM H. GOODRICH,
Late Goodrich, Kirby k Co,,
REMOVED TO
931 Wabash-av.,
XEAK TWENTIETH-ST.
Watches, Jewelry,
SIM IB PLATED M
Prices hotver than Ever.
CHTJBCH’S
lisffilfffi’ BESDBT’
jtEJIOVED TO
349 STATE-ST.,
fBTJBNT DISTRICT,) Hear Harrison,
Manhattan Insurance Co., of S.
»,iit.sfcx'sOf3cemovedto A- C. Dncat’s Office. .TO
.mii-touth Canal-at. Parties haling tiled proofs of
fifts against t’* is Company, and who have not already
rolled to&eo If the same is correct, will do so at once
a 'j„l oblige M- SLY, Adjuster for Receiver.
SATES.
CALL AND SEE
THE FINEST STOCK OF
Fire Burgiar-Proof
SAFES.
MARTIN Sc. GO.,
17 South Canal-st.