The Chicago Tribune.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER S. IS7I.
THE ULECTIO.VS
The 1)06)110.65 men. of Chicago came to the
polls yesterday, and elected the. Fire-Proof
ticket by a tremendous majority. At tho
present writing it appear* that the Holden
ticket received not more than on«.-ilfth of the
votes polled. Then* can bo no doubt that the
entire ticket for city and county officer*,
headed by Mr. Medill and Judge Jameson,
-land most of the Aldermen on the same tick
-t*f, are electoiU The city of Chicago and
-county of Cook are safe for tho next two
years at all events, and the credit of our bu*i
aess men is assured, so far as correct and
economical government can assure it.
Knw York has gone Republican by a de
cided majority—the first time in many years.
General Wushbume is elected Governor of
Wisconsin by uu iixcreat>cd Itepublicaa ma
jority.
Massachusetts shows large Republican
gains.
General Beveridge is elected Congressman
nt-Lorge for the State of Illinois. The re
turns are not tmfficicnt as yet to furnish tho
.figures of his majority, but we judge that it
w ill 1* greater than UAt of the Stale Treas
urer last year.
NEW YOBK.
Special Despatch to Tbs Chicago Tribune.
DCTT UKTOKR fiEUMJCTEIUST.
J*nw Yobx. Nov.,,7.—The commercial quarters
--#t New York, today, presented a pretty appear
ance. The majority of the wholesale, and even
the retail, business houses were closed. The
-chipping merchants closed their offices in most
■Cuh?sv The Block Exchange and Gold Board did
no the produce, cotton, groceries,
petroleum, naval stores, and tobacco exchanges
were not open. Wall street was very dull, though
the banks aod bankers bad to keep open fur the
payment r -'of as* the day 'was not'
a legal holiday. A few persons collected
near the Gold Boots passage, and there,
were trifling transaction at 111 7-3 to US. Borne
''loans ’wxjre made flat Foreign exchange was
qufetj at 1091-9 to 103 5-8. for prime sixty-days,
sterling. There were- no imusactions In govern
ment bonds. Pmall dealings in stocks took place,
enough to show tho increasing strength in the
market. Business was virtually over at 1 o'clock
p. m.. and the brokers adjourned to the polls or
tho hotels to discuss the political situation.
[To the Associated Fresa]
THE ARREST OP ITELPS,
NewTork. Nov. 7 —Fields presented himself
t«> the Sheriff late hist night accompanied by his
tHimlsmen. To-morrow, however, tho formal ar
rest will be gone through with, and bail lor
SIOO,OOO given.
j?>rwgrxrEß omor. oirrrep.
The office of tho lioboken Leader was gutted
this ntnrulng by unknown parties. It Is believed
Vo have l>wa done at the InaLanee of a rival I>emo
crutlo faction.
MVTKSKr. BETTBES.
In BweeneyV letter to Mayor Hall he states
that his resignation is in accordance with tho
.Ail rnt’on expressed several weeks «i»o to
retire from public Ule at the termina
tion of this election. Ho did nut feel
at liberty to resign earlier. Ills duty to party Im
pelled him to continue to lalvor for its snore**.
I have explained to you personallv," ho says,
the reasons which have prompted this action.
These rea*on* are of an overrullDg character, but
Ido not propose ut this time to give them to the
public. The position I have held in the Depart
ment Parka, although rosj*oui»U»lo in chu*uctor,
attended with no pecuniary compensa
tion. has, nevertheless, been exceed
ingly ngmjihlo to mo in the opportunity it
has afforded to advance Important public im
provements, and in the pleasant olttchd relations
which I have enjoyed. I sever my connection
with the department with regret, I have felt an
nrdont interest in the improvement of the oily
o.>uiks, and I desired to coutinue my co-operutloii
in tle ir development under new plans until com
pletion. They are uuw ]>r«cti. ilnUhcd.”
liy rc«tneet Sweeney** resignation was not made
public until to-day.
FOREIGN.
Great Britain*
lokdok, Novciulkw 6. —The emigration returns
fxt the port of Llvorjiool, for tho mouth of Octo
ber. show a total of li£C3 departures for the
Untied states,
The British expedition for the observation of
the total eclipse of tho suu. on tho lltii of Docum
ber proximo, has arrived at tho island of Malta.
The steamships Denmark. Weetpluilla aud Otta
wa have- arrived out.
Ixjndov. Nov. T.—The Lord Mayor's fund for the
relief of tho sufferers by tho Chicago fire had
•reached last evening the amount of 4147.100. Con
tributions from the interior towns and from In
dividuals still continue to bo received.
The Time#, In a leading article, approving tho
action of I'nQSldt-nt Grant In regard to tho ator
--none, urges In strong terms their severe piimi.ii.
ment.
Dckun, Nov. 7.—A mob assailed an escort of
military and ik>Uco conducting the Kelly court,
this morning, throning stones and other mlaLdea.
One of tho soldiers was wuuudod.
Fnuiee.
Paws, Not. 0. —Means are to bo taken for pre
venting future diflictilllca lustwccn Prussian boI
-dlere and the rnurh inhabitants.
FARts, Nor. 7.—The movement for enhanced
wages continues at Rnnb, where strikes among
the eevend trades are on the Increase.
Paris. Nov. T.—Tbe Council Ucheral of the De
partment of tho Hrtnehas voted In favor of the
ustabJlfchment of a system of comjiulsory gratul
lous«ducation. but nh-cli-d a proposition to nmko
Common schools wholly secular.
Ao»(rin.
VnsHHA, NtA*. 7.—Tho Emperor has accepted the
m-lfftatJon of Count Vmi lieu*t. lie has aU*o con
firmed the appointment of Count Andraasy. who
In rapidly completing tho wtjwmkl of Us admin
letration.*-
.w V, NA Ko r- of tlio *»tatno nf
the Emperor Maximilian took place to-l.iywlth
solemn nnd tniinwlng cvreniouie*. The Emperor
Francis Jwcph. Arel.dUic.-t, and members «t tho
•«lniFtry look part In theeclcmnify. L irge crowds
♦f people also attended. bii.l manife-tod their
’grspectfor the ill-fated monarch hr Imivcsslvo
•AUtncfs
■h is now reporle*! Unit Herr Von Lon gay. Min
uter of Finauccs.and not Count Audrassy, will
ruco«£d Von firust as J*rera!i-r. The latter will
probably be.ocut to Loudon aa Ambassador.
Greece.
ATTiTKfI. Kov.T.—The Ministry hating appealed
to tho Chamber*-on a qucHllou Involving tue ap
proval of its entire policy, has enffmxl defeat,
xn eonwqnence tho Premier will Ministers have
Pondered their resignations.
Germany.
Brni.rr, Nor. fi.—The Congress for the council-
Oitlqn of Inulce-qulons will ho held here on the
6PUI mat. A union of all tlus workingmen's aaso-
Vlatiuna for co-oporati vc purpoc«* it proposed.
We*l Indie*.
Knwvgrps'. Jamaica, Nov. 6. —A nepro woman,
«f highly expectable character, htte' been nrmded
M Jacmel, upon the extraordinary charge of
connUftilhnu. Tho accusation alleges that she
has killed and eaten twwity-elx children, whom
tho bod inveigled Into her premises for that pur
iKJijC,
UTAH.
ThaSluniviDg Proclamation by Govern*
•r Wood*—A Prosperous Territory—lm
port an I Hiding Suits—The Liquor Sellers
—Receipts ofliallion—Haew Htorm.
LdKSjUtah. Nor. 6.—Governor Woods, t hip
•evening. Imuwl Ills ttroclaunllou (or lUo obneiv
Vasco of the 30tk of S'nvrnilx-r, for public thanks*
pral«» to Almighty tied. The Governor
buys: We have been the favored children of the
rrpubllr. Nogrcr.t rtdamlly baa vbdte t us. Sue
co«» and prosperity t-vcryufaerc pro,"nil. Our
Eanark-r are mil; ouriumea aro rie i audlnex*
usilbi?; our future is full of proar'**. Lot all
people rejoice. «nd the pr&lso of Gjd bo
by every tonghf. M
Tbc Second X’nlicd: StatAi District ponrt, at
Provo. Judge CKF. Strickland presiding, is occu
pied with highly Important mining nulta. brought
oy the Eureka Mlulug Company agalurt -Aeftln
qrall, of New York, uud other*. Tbc property la*
waived U worth millka* of cltlUm, comprising
pome of the nu-al valuable mine* In tbe Territory.
The question is one of title growing out of the
•Identity of lodge* and vein*.
Tbc case of Loomb nnd others, whose liquor wv*
Uumn were closed lH*t utx*k by >m or.i» r of the
nmnlrfpalnuthontles. u-asup lur hearing before
the United Stales Court to day, on a bin rtwtnUn*
ingpiocecdlnpsot law,aada motion forredllu*
<.lon of tho ciHlmHuta’ f.Hlc'ons. Theclty not being
ready for trial, the romplainjoitu vrro allowed to
.**eotH‘ti» upon piling bonds to abide a decision,
and. If against them, to p.ty the license.
The receipts of silver bullion ter last week, by
*SV©Us, Fargo Co., were 9U0.000.
The winter in fully upon us. Uhae been snow*
dsg ail the altcrnocn.
PACIFIC COAST.
•The TTlibUbi Phaater Ppfrflciwl by the
Esquimaux—A loiter From Plrs. J»»*
«jpln miller.
piv FxAJJCtaco, Nov. 6.—The dUaater to the
-whaling fleet wna fully prMlrtM bythe R*qui
naaux, but no attention wa* paid to thewMiUßg.
The Esquimaux were boarding the ahlpfi and car
rimg off everyth Ire of value to them.
‘DAWoodbridge. surgeon of tbo Moaea Tay
lor. is cn hia return voyage from Honolulu
The wife of Joaquin lllller published a
lengthy letter In the Ore?<m«x*, aakin< her fellow
citiacnato welcome him aa ft poet hn L“'.?,, o ß
rentua, but giving her version of their difficulties,
sad implying never© closure for bU ftbandonroent
and neglect of hi* wife and children
The Baa Francisco Wood Frost-rflng Works
have burned. Loan, 100 JOOb,
Bailread matters.
I?o>iAKxr6uai Kov: 7.~1n the United States
Court to-day, the petition of J. C. Duller t». the
Cincinnati Iniiianapolis Junction Itnllrval.
asking the appointment of ft receiver, was re
ceived, and a motlrn made that W. D„ Griswold,
formerly of the Ohio MWlwippl Road be ap*.
pointed. Tbe motion was taken under advise
ment-
Tho bankruptcy raw* of the Indlanapolia C*n*
teal Louisville Ikuvd wua 6e\ tor bearing va 9
o’clock to-morrow morning.
War Ikpartmfnt Weather Xkepsrt,
Washington, Kov. 7.—Tho boruipi<4er win prob
ably full cm Wednesday rJunstlio Atlantic roast,
with a rising Northwosterlv wind*
will continue during the debt in the Middle and
Eastern States, and back to the-somhwont cm
Wednesday. The bnronWor will probably full
with cloudy and tlnvUrnhir weather throughout
the Mississippi Valley. Bonlherly wlnli and
cloudy weather are proooWe for the upper lake*.
Easterly winds for the South Atlantic and Ouli
cv-asts. DangrroiH winds arc nut anticipated for
our coasts 10-nlght.'
THE ELECTION,
Overwhelming Triumph
of the Fire-Proof
Ticket
The Bummers Wiped
Out of Political
Existence.
Mr. Mediii’s Majority
for Mayor, in 62
Precincts, Over
10,000.
Fourteen Fire Proof
Aldermen Chosen
Yesterday.
Beveridge’s Majority fqr
Corgress-at-Large,
About 30,000.
New York State Republican
by 30,000 Majority.
Republican Majority in
Wisconsin, 10,000.
Austin,"Rep., Re-elected Governor
of Minnesota.
Tlic Old Republican Story from
Massachusetts,
Democratic Victories in Maryland)
New Jersey, and Virginia.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO HAS INDEED USES FROM ITER, AStIES,
and to-day she stands the object of tho admiration
and approval of the world, as a magnificent illua
trniion of tho determination and ability of her
citizens to help themselves, and. by au example
of political magnanimity and unselfishness almost
without a parallel, to begin at tho very founda
tion and restore their bchived city to more than
her former greatness. The Fire-Union ticket,
with Its splendid array of the brains, the energy,
tho ability, and honesty of our community,
lias been approved and chosen by a ma
jority almost dazzling. Tho great
est in her grandeur before tho breath of
flame well nigh swept her from the face of the
globe, the greatest lu tho manner and extent of
her dcstrubtion, Chicago Is uow greater than all
of these in that she has shown that her men are
men In the highest eenso of tho word—men who
could bury but of sight all selfish greed and per
sonal ambition In order to contribute to tho gen
eral good. Tho election of yesterday was, in aM
probabllty. tho mo«t remarkable success In tho
annals of politico, and in all future years wo can
point to the ieventh of November, ian,
as tho data of Chicago’s resurrec
tion. When tho great tiro camo and
plunged the city Into tho dephts of appalling ca
lamity, Chicago was on tho eve of on Important
political struggle. In which there was to be a hot
and eager scramble for places of profit and dis
tinction, but when, after the fury of tho great
conflagration had abated, and men looked about
them and saw towbnt n fearful state of desolation
they had been brought, every good and trao
citizen recognized one fact, and that was that the
day of political warfare had passed, and that oil
who had the highest good of the city at heart
must unite, 'lrrespective of party or creed,
and call to the Important positions to
be filled our best and ablest men. With
thhdbnd in view, the leaders of both parties, to
gether with such prominent and influential citi
zens as desired to offer suggestions, made a
common cause, and with an absence of disagree
ment and disaffection positively wonderful, con
ferred with each other, and decided upon a ticket
to place before tho people for unanimous elect lon.
It was then hoped aid believed that a political
contest of any character could bo wholly avoided,
and that the people would ratify, without a
dissenting voice, the suggestions made to
them. In this the originators of the Fire-
Union ticket were disappointed, A few
piofessionnl place-hunters, men who had mode
office-seeking a lifc-Jongstudy and practice, disap
pointed and enraged at their inibUlty to secure
the places they had so fiercely struggled for.de-
Urmlnod to nominate an opposition ticket. In.
their desperate desire for political profit ant! pre
ferment they altogether lost sight of tho sure
prospect of disgrace, defeat, and never-ending
humiliation,and, risking alitor all. they throw
themselves Into tho gap, and inaugurated the
light. The poor fools foil out among themselves,
and a more pitiful spectacle than those
forehead bummers presented during the
short campaign could scarcely bo Imagined. They
spent money like water. In the vain hope of get
ting it back as pensioners on the people, and
brought to bear all the dirty and disreputable
agencies known to politics. Tho Fire-Union
people, having for their support every roj>oc table
newspaper in the city, and relying upon the co
operation of all good cltircDß.madc comparatively
little effort, trusting to the character of their
ticket for success. The result has Justified their
expectations, and Chicago has proved true to her
telL
JL QUIET ELKCTTOS.
The election pawed off quietly without a single
exception, and a very light vote woe polled.
R bat little* excitement there was was created by
the frantic effortsof the Soreheads to drum up vet-
era. Numerous bands ©f music. displaying Boro
beod mottoes, paradtil the street© though Uxs
day, but Uto only effect of the enterprise scented
to be the suggestion to all who had not voted to
goat once to the "polls and give the Flrr-Union
ticket u lift. During the find half of
the- day tbo Soreheads had a full forca
of i ticket pcdlcm at the voting places,
but' the work of unsuccessful Importunity
at last grew tiresome, and In many cases. before
Iho afternoon had half worn away, the fuglemen
gave It up In despair, and quitted the field. It
woo. Indeed, a thankless, hopeless labor, a* tho
announcement of the vote will show. Fancy,
for instance, tbo condition of mind of Mr. Hol
den's henchmen at the First Frccluctol toe Fourth
Ward, ‘where the vote, when counted, stood:
Mcdill, 276; Holden, 01 What wonder that tho
tlckct-pedlcrs quit In disgust under circum
stances so depressing 1 So it wa« all over th->
city, and In some of the county towns n* In tho
case of Riverside, which ms do a numerical ex
pression of the estimate f .-ga two ticket* In this
way; Flre-Unlon, 70; B> Bmmk 0.
w tiu:
a mat crowd assembled Fire Union head
quartets, where the returns were read ns fast as
they enme In. The scene wa* one of unalloyed
fowl feeling, and a happier and more t utbuslas
tic gathering has rarMy boen knosn. There was,
to be sure, a decided sameness In Mr. Medill’a
monstrous majorities, but each successive an
nouncement wat greoed with a cheer as hearty
as tbo preceding one, and so they kept It up until,
when enough had been learned to place the main
result beyond question, and the crowd hvd
learned that the Mayor-elect was in the vicinity, I
h<ud and Imperative calls were made for Mr
MedUl, who at length came forward, amid terrific
cheers, and spoke as follows:
STEtCU OF TUP. MXTOR-RLKCT.
FELU>w-cmzESB: l thank you for the expres
sion of confidence Indicated by your vote, both In
me and In the general ticket. Your duty aa elec
tors has been performed Independently an J well,
and Chicago baa shown to the world that she wm
worthy of the confidence reposed in her. I Imre
lujcn Alleu to the head of the city government by
the almost unanimous expression of tho entire
cdrnxnunity. I accepted the nomination dididsnt
iv, but hopefully. I shall not deny that I frit
fiattered In the confidence expressed In my fit
neea to fill tho high cat office In the municipal
gift. I tender you my heartfelt thank* for It.
It la a testimonial that any mau in
tho United States might bo proud of:
an office which no man Is too high
or too great to accept, and ha its requirement*
daring the next two years will tax to the utmost
whatever executive ability, industry, and
pMtlexx'O which I may possess, 1 shall need all
your forbearance, sympathy, and support t«
carry me through tbo before me. I shall
enter upon the discharge of my duties under the
most trying and difficult circumstances. All the
record*, reports, proceeding*, txiuka, vouchers,
almost the entire municipal hUtory, have two
ut-'-Uoyed and blotted out. The various oflloo*
a c scattered over the city, And the Mayor ani
i ll the department* of the government will work
m;« cr the greatest embarrassment*until they cin
all Ik* collected under ono root
The i.thee of Mayor u one whose moral iniinenoe
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE; WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8
j i 7
1b dbproportlonatc to Ite municipal power. Ii
has been tUipmdby pest Icgi. Janos of a
proportion ot its legitimate funotluua nod powi-r,
and n-i!uml nlmwt to an ornamental nimctidago
to tin* city government. All ibis vvoa weiicanugb
when wo wne Kiilipgaloug smoothly. when, tin*
city was rich and prosperous,‘when if our ta.vjs
vu.ro high we grumbled a little. but mid them;
l-ut uow all tliCM* tilings are changed, nod The
II;.} orally riouirc-s the powers nooessary to en
able it to disc Cargo properly iU executive duties.
I do not :ulc tCcso powers for my
self, but for tbo popular good.
(Cheers) If the people of Chicago proper
to bold me tor the proper discharge of
Ihedutiu* belonging to the office, they must axle
their r»-pn>cnt..Uvee in the Legislature to haw
Us Powers restored. [Applause, olid cries of Wo
wiil.-i
Wc now have a half a doren Independent de
pm tuicnls, under no common control, and re
►l*onsitilo to nobody but their own wills, each
LervU-futo intent lamtt obtaining and expending
the largest potvlbfu amount of public treasure.
All this should 1« reformed. [Cheers.) Economy
and retrenchment nro Imperative nec’-ssl-
The tax*x»ayera no longer po
sers the power of yielding tbo revenue
which these officials have hitherto drawn from
their industry*, nod, in order to apply the cor
rective, the Mayor should bo clothed with power
to enforce the popular demands for reform.
[>iud and proiouirt-a cheering, and cries: You
shall have the power "J
The only pl«*dire that I con now give Is that I
shall endeavor to be govermd In all my official
actions by an eye single to the public good.
Of one other thing I will you. I have
given no praml-o or pledge of onyklnd, to any*
person or corporation or interest, and intend to
give none until I have taken tbo oath of office,
when my* intentions will be made known in my
official communication to the Common Coun
cil and, when officially* culled upon „to
act, I hoi*> and believe that the people
of Chicago Imvo elected a Board of Aldermen
who will enter upon lUcdischargo of their duties
in the suffie spirit and Used purpose to do all in
their jmwerto strengthen the public credit, eco
nomically apply the public resources, and old in
the n Burred lon and reconstruction of our be
loved city now rising from IU rains, (Cheers.)
But If I am deceived in this, and the Common
Council shall euact ordinances not calculated to
!i remote the public welfare, or shall appropriate
axes beyond the nubile good. 1 promise my fcllow
cltlzens, while holding the Mayoralty to Interpose
the veto power as promptly andfearlessly ns ‘‘Old
Hickory” ever did himself. (Cheers.) But I trust
the necessity* of such action, with oar reformed
Cbancll, will never occur; hut we will net to
gether, executive and legislative branch**, in har
mony and unity. (Applause.)
I do not mistake or misunderstand the cause of
the selection and election of the ticket which has
triumphed today. It was evolved from the depth
of oar common and fearful calamity. The neces
sity fur the union of effort of ou parties and
classes of society In repairing our losses and sav
ing what the ihancs hart not devoured, was the
paramount thought of the people, and every con
aidnte, entrusted this day with office, mast per
form his part to carry* into effect the publio wish
so unmistakably expressed at the polls.
The affairs of this city mhst hereafter bo con
ducted as a prudent and wlscman manages his
own affaire, and that mutt be our model. The
most I can promise Is, that by word.example, and
official act. I shall do all in my power to have the
city government administered on this plan. Tills
Is neither tho time nor the occasion for any fur
ther expression of purpose, and again sincerely
thanking you fur lue magnificent expression of
confidence which your ballots evince, I now call
upon my old friend. Hosing, who has Just re
turned Lome, to address you. (Cheers.)
Mayor Medlll was hr Messrs. A. C.
Hieing. Wm. IT. Eddy. 11.11. MUfcr. A. C. Storey.
L- I*, i’cml, and others, till of whom delivered
brief speeches of congratulation upon the glori
ous result. To have tonud a Golden man In that
crowd would Lave lx**n a tougher Job than to
have found tho woman who milked too cow that
Kicked over the lamp that set tire to the barn that
burned up Chicago. It was un occasion of great
rejoicing. and it was not until u late hour that the
delighted citizens repaired to their homse, in
tensely satisfied with tnu day's work.
THE RESULT.
The following table will rive an Idea, of the
vote for Mayor. Owing to the customary slow
ness of the Judges of election, it is im
possible to give all the returns
lor this officer even. What munis
have ccmc. show that the Fire-Proof ticket has
been triumphantly and overwhelmingly elected—
city, rountv, and town ollkxtk. Mr. Onabaa run
far ahead of his ticket, but not enough to save
him.
Ward. Precinct. UediU. Holden.
1. i 1« 9
2. HO 7
3. SIT 13
4. 307 G&
a. l.
661
*iis
3. L..
&A.
4...,
4. l
979 U2
SW 11
5, 1.
6. 1.
3 133 Its
4
5
7 i in zo
2 HO 131
a. ns
4. m is;
8, 1.
i .r
758 Cfti
m ss
US ISS
|JB Isi
D* 1.
10 1.
815 DM
13 86
IM SI9
II 1.
13* 1,
13. 1
4
*r
so
wf
14. 1.
IS. 1.
16, 1.
3.
IT. I.
634 Ihl
«4 ISO
18. T.
3
4.
19. 1
30. 1.
$5
4.010

Total
Majority tor MediU
ALDERMIIK,
The following Aldermen on the Fire* Proof
ticket have undoubtedly been elected':
Wsxur. Wants.
1. CtaaonoeyT. Bawto. JL Keory BweeC
2. Aitlmr tdxoiv. 12. Muorx>e UeotlL
8. J. W. MoGiauia 11. George HhanrooC.
4. J. JI. McAvojn 14. B. K. Cleveland,
ft. tu 31. Btoae. Ift Thomas A-Hioaft
e. J. Cowry. 19. Hahlon U. Ogden.
IO.LL Bond. SO. Charles ft. aonlmaß.
Tho following-ward* hare probably elected
'opposition Aldormou:
Fifteenth Ward. J.J. McGrath.
'atard.- Thomas Carney.
The result in the Sixth. Seventh. Klnlh. asd
Seventeenth Varda la doubtful.
OOT7KT7 TOWS.
CAiCWET.
Dint TKtxsT>, Cook Counts*, Nor. 7.—Thereto
of Culumci was as (allows: Whole number of
volet* rast..liS, of which Beveridge rooelvcvl SJ
Jumcwtu 109: Troo. 110; Rumsoy. 113; Wokpott,
ill: Xlrhm, 106; Carter, 9a. Commissioners—
White, 116; Cmwfard, 109; Wahl, iw; Joarts. 101;
StonniA, UO; TuiooU, 110; Harris, no; Loaergm,
110; Harrison, 110; Hertlng. 110; Roolle, HO;
Aahtoa, 110; Vtsch, 104; Ccoley, 139; Young, 129.
tows or wcirm.
Bite Islaku, Kov. 7.—in the town of Worth
there were 2cq votes cost, of which Boverldgo re
reived IC3; Hurd, 146; Aiwood, 146; Harm*. 145;
Guud. 140. Commissioner—Qmy, 146; Tesch. 164;
Bohlanclcr. 146; Harth. 146; Omit?. 164; Proet,
Holland. King. Thompson. Denoshy, £tmi,
Clark, Courtney, and Lynch. 146 each.
RmasiDK, Cook County, Nor. 7.—Rlverirtde
completely Firo-Proof. Seventy votes for the Flro-
Vnion ticietr-nought for tho hammers.
HXZNOIB.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Jacksonville. Nov.". —The election passed off
here quietly, and the vote polled was t*omo ioo
short of a full vote. Beveridge, RffmbUoaQ. for
Coiisrcesmaa-at'Large, haa 644 majority in this
city; Ross, Republican, for Asscwworaad Treas
urer. has 000 or 700 majority, and Rowe.
can. for Efurveyor, 673 majority. The county has
probably been carried by the Democrats, bat by
a ßoS^Ut2sD, r Sov,7.-Oener»l Beveridge car
ries this city by 99 majority, and the county by
about COO. All the Repußllcan candidates are
elected by about the some vote.
MoRRibOK. 111-, Nov. T.-For Oon^rcM—Beyer-
W go, 907; Sayre, 62. For Treasurer—Pbelue. 143;
lhntcher.ui. For Surveyor— so;.
Elgin, fat, Kov. 7.-Tbo vote of E.ffia is: For
Congressmaa-at-Larro—Bovcridgr, 6W; Hayes,
*l7. County Treasurer —Lewis, 769; ’Paddock, 78.
Cbunty Surveyor—Kendall, 612; Pena*ver.-«r
Sphinohelo, ill., Nov. 7.—The held to
day passed off very quietly. Not much over half
of tho full vote of the county has cast.
Springfield city and town give Bevoridco about
ioo majority, and Bhoup, Republican Candida to for
County Troa.surrr, in—a ItepubUcAn gate of 161.
The returns from tho various towns' coma in
biowly. Ehoup, Republican, runs Baker, Doni>
crat, pretty close, and If Baker Is elected It will
be by a very small majority.
Acloha. ni a Nov. 7.—Paddock. lndepenl a ot
randldsto for County Treasurer, hta a m.U *rlty
la Aurora of «o; Batavia. 430; Sugar Grove, 4:
G«Dt*vK, 43; Blackberry. 26. Lewis. R*pahllMn
c andidate, majority In Elgin, C 99. BorcnJgo. Ro
puhllean. CougrcManan-al-Largo—Auroro. 1.012;
Huycs, Democratic, 496; majority tor Beveridge.
64C.
Joinrr, til.; Nov. 7.—Henry Smpn, Kepnhllsun
candidate fur Congress, will carry will County by
sit Iravt l.soe majority. He hns carried this city
by 55 majority, bring a Republican pain of ov-r
4uu. I'tivatc ailvlcvs from other rmiutie* Indicate
that la* will carry the district by al»out 4/KK).
Cairo, ill., Nov. T.—Cairo gives a Democratic
majority ou the whole ticket: Hayes, 81 majority;
Jiowmun, J>»*uuM*rat, State Senator, ft minority
Martin. fount* Treasurer, t2 m.tjjrity.
Cantos. 111.. Nov. ".—The vote Is light, with
f-Ught Republican gains. Canton polls about half
her vote, and Beveridge has ‘.*3 msjority. The
county ticket has an average isujoril** of b6.
Mat i?os, Wls,. Nov. 7, 9 p. r.v.—Good election
weather to-day. Scattering rctunw iudiottio u
largo vote, amlinauro the cl“< iion »>f <r*mi*i*al
Wat-hhumc and the whole Ih'publlcun ticket by u
with a majority lu t#nih btuucbt-s
of the Legislature.
In thla city 1,708 votes were cast. Doolittle e
majority, HP. The other majorities are from 113
for R.w. Democrat, for Liontcuont ‘ioveknor, to
20 for Buctx, Republican, for State Trouaun'T.
Mirwackke. Nov. 7.—Kenosha city—Waah
bunic, Kepubllcoxi, 54 majority; Republican gain
over 1*69 of
Monut Pleasant, naoineLCounty—Washburne go
majority; Republican loss of 5.
Caledonia, Racine County, Woshbarne 43; Re
publican gain 24.
Kllboum City. Wls—.Woshburne 9S.
Berlin City, Wls.—'Washbumo 299maiority*
WyiK-iua, Columbia County—Wusliburno 53;
Republican loss, 25.
Doyleatowu—Washbnrnc, 66.
Arlington, Columbia County—Washburnc, 25;
R< pubheuu loss ot 9.
Ft. Winnebago,* Columbia County—Doolittle,
58: Dt moc-rutlc gitiu. 29.
Portage, Columbia County—Doolittle, 210;
Drmot rat ir gain, 172.
Oak Grove, Juueuu County—Doolittle, 27 ma
jority
Hubbard. Do<lge Coanto —Doolittle, 314 major
ity' Democratic piin, 22.
Randolph. (Vqumhla County—Washburno*b ma
jority, C 9; Kcpubllciuiloss. C.
Racine City-—Washburuo, 6S minority; Repub
lican loss, 51.
Burlington, Racine County—DooUtUe, ITO ma
jority Democrat loss, 3.
Spring Green, 6auk County—Washburn, 58
majority; Republican loss, 27.
Rubicon, Dodge. County—Doolittle, SO majority
D«-mocrat«niin, 11.
-Fox latke. Dodge County—Doolittle, S majority;
Republican lose. 35.
Trcnton.Dodgu County Waehbarne,64 majority;
Rcpubliean loss, 18.
Watertown City—Doolittle, 567 majority; Demo
crat pain. 52.
Town of Beaver Dam—Doolittle, 50 majority.
City of Beaver Dam—Doolittle, 41 majority; loss
In town to. and Democratic loes of 85 In the City of
Beaver Darn.
MUlou Junction, Bock County—Washburn©,
UO; Republican gain, 12.
;f*j'lnjjrn, Jefferson County—Washburn©, 168
majority:-Republican loss. 59.-
Cross Plains. Dan© County—Doolittle, 193;
Democratic gain. 33,
Arens, lowa Connty—Doolittle, 29.
Genesee. Waukesha Oountr—Wssbliurne, 11
majority; Republican gain, 13.
hIK-hoygan. bheboygua County—Doolittle, 6T.
bhcloygaD City—Doolittle, 118.
Descent), Grant County—wasbburne, 125 ma
jority.
Town of Waukeshn. Waukesha County—Wash
bnnif. 7G majority. There w«« a tie vote 1869.
Prescott, ritroo County—Washbume, 73 ma
jority.
Black Earth, Dane County—Washbume, 87 ma-
Dane Connty—Doolittle, 15C ma
jority.
Avuca. lowa Connty—Doolittle-, 42 majority.
Omro, Winnebago County—Waehbarac, 278 nm-
Jorlrv; KcpuMieualosN cs.
tStouphton.Danc County—Washbume, 47 majori
ty: Republican loss, 9.
;nnmonl, Wabhlngton County—Doolittle, 12C
majority.
Granville, Milwaukee Couflty—Doolittle, 29 mo-
Jority.
City and town of Hi mm. Fond du Lnc County—
Wnshburnc. 113 majority; Republican gain of 96.
Meirimuck. Bock County—Washburn©, S5 mu-
Joritv; pain of 33.
Ph mouth. Book County—Waahbumc, 46 major
ity Republican p-.iln, 2.
llaraboo. bank County—Washburn©, 159 minor
ity Republican lo«*s. 13.
Tlnma, Dune County—Wm-hburne, 72 majority;
Republican gain, 2.
Tort Washington, Ozaukeo County—Doolittle,
CO2 minority; Republican low. CO.
Madison City—Doolittle, 113 majority; Demo
cratic gain of 4.
Blooming Grove, Dano County—Doolittle, 49
majority Democratic gain of 0.
%clik-]scngerv)Ue, Washington County—Doo
little. 65 majority: Democratic gain. 3.
Clinton. Bock County—Washburn, Hi majority;
Ibm.bllcuu gain. 24.
Monioc, tirteu County—Washburn, 121 major
ity; Republican lon*. 133.
Ohkot>h, Winnebago County—Washburn, 132
majoi itv; Republican loss. s*.
Fond du Lmc city and town—Washburn, 147
majority; Republican lot-*, 7.
Onktleld, Fond Du Luo County-‘-Wa~bburn.
ire majority gutn of 20.
i Bn ndhcud, Gi ecno County—Republican majori
ty, 115.
Milton, Bock County—Washburn, ICO majority;
Republican gain, 22.
Decatur, r.rviuo County—Washburn, 121 tnajor
l(y; Republican loss. 65
1,483
931
,’J.’ 'iia
jHD<B\illc City—Washburn, 156 majority; Ro
pubUev.n loso, 16«.
Ki*-bkunong, Jefferson County—Washburn, 113
minority; Republican loes, 2?.
hceumn, Fond du Lor County—Washburn, 130
nmjmity; Republican gain, 37.
IV titewatcr, Walworth County—Washburn. 337;
Republican gain, 6.
Tulniyra, Jefferson Connty.—Washburne, 163
majority. Republican lo«s, sy.
Two Riven*, Manitowoc County—Doolittle, 151
majority. Dimoeiatlc lo«s 16.
Manitowoc town and city give Washburne 31
zldSoj ily. Republican load.
BitokUeld. Waukeelm County—Doolittle, 122
majority. Democratic leap, 16.
Oretilfleld. LuCroeet County—Washburne, 15
nu-jority. Republican gain, M-
City ol IrfjCruftho—Washburne. 13 majority. Re
publican loes, w.
sn
as
I*B
Wuuteka, Crawford County—Doolittle, ll maj
ority.
Coiambus, Columbia County—Washburn, 116
Dinkully; Ivepubllcuii g;iin, 32.
Watertown, Grant County—Washburn, 22 ma
jority; Republican Io»w, 6.
New Lisbon, Juneau County—Washburn, W ma
jority Republican gain, 6.
Town of Grunt County—DooliUlo, 3i
majority; Democratic gain, S3.
I-ul>«n, Rook County—Wushbnm, 73 majority;
R< publicim gain. 36.
Engle, W aukeslia County—Doolittle, 10 majority;
Vi muriatic lo**, 26.
MazuiuMde, Dane County—Washburn, 103 m>
Joilij; Ri publican gain. 90.
Ocooomowoc, Waukesha County—Doolittle, 5
impolicy; Republican loss, 9.
lowu of Burneb—Wusbburne, 03 majority; Re
publican gain, 8.
Fall River—Wnshbnrn, 61 majority.
Rcwaukee, Wnukeeha County—waahbnrn, 20
nuiioilty; Republican gain, ci.
hiumiou. Jum-nu county—Washburn, 65 majori
ty: Republican loss, 13.
Town of l,emunwelr, Juneau County—WAsh
bum. 43 majority; Republican gain. 0.
Middleton, D*ne County—DoolltUo 43 majority;
lx mcctutic gain. 7.
OtM go, Columbia County—WaAhbum.So majori
ty Republican loss, 117.
lily of Milwaukee— Doolittle, 1,390 majority; Re
publican gain, WJ. Three Republican
mi n. lie e Democratic and one Independent.
Ihe town of Dane. Dime County—Washburn, 13
majority; Republican gain. 10.
Claire —Washburn, 129 majority Ito
publlnm gala, 21.
Menominee, Done County—Washburn, 245 ma
jority; Republican loss. SO.
Town of Enu Claire—Washburn, 105 majority;
KcptiLUcun gain. 40.
Town of Wusldagion, EauClalro County—Wash
bum. 45 imOority: Republican loss. 11.
Ct dal burg. Washington County—Doolittle, 243
majority; DeuuK’ratic loss, s.
lown of Waupun. Fond du County—Wash
barn. 113 majority: Republican gain. 60.
Lake. Milwaukee County—Doolittle, 35 major
ity; Republican gain. 38.
Town of Oak Creek, Milwaukee County—Doolit
tle. 22 majority; Democratic gain,
Town of Dunn. Dunn County—Washburn, 31
majority; Republican loss, 16.
Madison, ms., Nov. 7.—One hundred towns In
all parts of the State show 400 aggregate Republi
can piin for Washburns over Fairchild's majority
two years ago of 8,271. General Atwood, of the
MaU Journal, estimates the majority at about
10,000 In the State. Pettit's vote varies consider
ol4y, but his gains overbalance tho lassos, com
pared. with the rest of the ticket.
ILe Legislature is more strongly Republican
than last year, la both the Senate and Assembly.
D»\lh Is elected to tho Senate in lids district.
IlntehinMOD, Republican, is probably elect©. in
this Assembly District,
so so
445 U
CO 19
m s
179 II
219 206
IX to
146 101
00 238
637
an
339
its
787
IX
BO
133
142
4»
mi is
110 3S
US 1(
lea 29
ot. PAFh, Minn., Nov. 7.— Returns from the
ctutc uh* in Aluwly. The election pa**ed off
evnerHily verj" quietly. Returns fo far reoelvetl.
from 67 towns nud citlca gtw Austin, Republican
majority of I.OCO.
The returns from the city of St. Paul ore not
yt'l counted. A great deal of Scratching has been
ocnc In Governor and Secretary of State.
9t. Cloud citv tolls a vote ot 6SC, Austin getting
but 79 votes. Duluth gives Austin 350 minority.
No returns in yrtjfrom the southern part of thft'
State.
New Yckk, Nov. 7.— Returns from a few scat
tered lornu In the Interior iudlcato uniform l.'o
puldlcan gains, and that tlio UcnubHoiuis m*>u
caxrk-d the State ty a decisive xanjonty.
New Yokk. Kov. 7.-8 p. m.—Twmty-Jhree
tow ns in various parts of the Interior of tho dtnt
thtw a Reuubllrau gain of lAOO over the vote or
iNiV, whtn Nelt-on. Ix-mncnit, lud aoju majorttr
fbr Fecrctary el Halo. If this ratio is c iiriod oat,
State would pv Rcnubliran bv 60, (g0.
N» w Youk, Kov. Fifty-six towns show a
Republican gain of 2.DCO over the vote of 18C9. To
tJ.o city of Watertown tho Republican* gain 10'.
and in Canandaigua 93. Jarvis Lord. Democrat
I* probably n-elected Senator in the Twoaty
eijrt.th or Monnx* District.
New Yobk, Nov. ".—Election retums.from the
city come In very slowly. In the Fourth District
Tw<wd is ro-cJeeted Senator by an estimated ma
jority# of JLCoa in the Fifth District
Norton, Tammany, la re-elected Scnvtor
by a large majority. Whitman. Tamm toy,
is rc-clectrd Nona tor in tbs Slam
O’Brien, eendidato |uf tho H-iorrn Democracy,
t'ustcm House Republicans, and Committee of
Seventy, la elected to the Senate by an estimited
majority ot from 3 Xdi to 8,000. Qcnot, Tammiay,
la elected to the 8* Date in the Eighth District.
Of tho twt nty-or.o candidates for tho
the returns Inulcutc that there are thirteen Toxu
manyltre elscted. It is believed that Iluratio
Si yroour and Samuel J. Tilden are chosen to tho
Assembly: alsoTwombley and Oelb, Reformers.
Tho Tammany Board nf Aldermen and Assist
ant Akk-rmen Is supposed to.be elected.
The Sixth Ward give* the DemnrraUo State
Ticket 5,195 majority, and J'et gi\-os Barrett 3,401
over Lfdwitli.
fencer and Jones, Tammany, were reelected
as eupcrlcr Court Judges.
Kew Yokx, Nov. 7.—10 p. m.—Frtm the com
plexion of the returns rroelred from the interior
of the Plate, it would seem that the Republican*
have elected twenty of the thirty-two Senators
that they will have a nudorlty in the Aikiembly.
Outside of the city the only Democratic
Senators believed to be elected are Tracy, of the
Thirteenth District; Danlenbarg. of toe Four
t.'ectb District; Lord, of the Tweath-oighth. or
Rochester DisUlct; Fargo, of the Thirty-Orai, or
Bcffhlo Distriet.
The Democratic minority in tin city is estlmatoi
atavee. In tho tower ward* of tho city the
Democrats hold ti.-err own. hot In tho upper part,
tin lr loa.cs are ociWilerahlc. ts gener
ally abandoned by Ta’- maay. i* bidlr boau-n-
In one district Barrett has 5v9, an (l(©twith njne-
Ihc Democratic n ajortty la Bra>klyn L estl
meted ».t f.too. Nearly the whole D.’ia->cxatio city
;.nd ticket iscboH'n In Brooklyn. I’jwell.
DtmocTHt, la cho«v‘r flavor by a small in.tjorny
uTvr Ixtoih, Roput'llcah. KolliflchAh, Irregular
Democrat. L-miming lur Ixhlud. Tbr.'<\ Kvpab
iWm Asainibljiuin uod six Democrats are prob
j,l»Jy rho«< u-a ItcrublU-aa gsln of two.
T.ogM County Rso IlrpnMlain majority,
in this city* tho Fmirtb Ward gives 3JJM ra*»Jor
ur lor the XXuuccTHtic State Ticket, but give*
3,183 sea Inst L» dwilh.
One hundred an J rony-tvo towns give 7.64J Ro-
WISCOKBUT.
2HK2fESOTA
NEW YORK.
puhllrnn gain. The majority in the State can
hardly go l.t low nr.noo.
Townsend took. Democrat, Is chosen Senator In
the First District.
Tierce and Murphv, Democrats, aro nxlectcd
in Kings.
Among tbo Eeptibllcan cnins are: potiphkccp
fie, 700; Yonkers, cn; Flu.-hlng.lM; Home, A*;
and among the I>emurrat!c paUw aio; UuruclL*-
viilc, Us; and Biughanipbii), 40.
Oswego County elects three Republican Assom
blvmi n.
New York, Nov. 7.—The Seventh Ward
7/29 majority lor the Democratic State ticket;
ally i,(x>i for Lcdwith. and nearly 5,000 for
felijitrtley. over Sigel, lor Register.
*jJ:c laird Wmd given l.sio majnrltv for the
Dimccraiic State ticket, J.iKG for ami
1 ££o for ShnntUey.
IheTldrd Ward gives 264 for the Democratic
State-ticket, IK) against Lcdwltli, nnrt 4 rorSlgel.fl|
Tlir Fourtcetiih Ward, 1,681 for the |h:mo"Psir;'»
Slate Uekci, cjO fer Bodw Ith, and 770 for Sluum
ley.
Tlie Eleventh Ward, 2,2+4 for the Democratic
Slate ticket, 293 aguliint Lcdwith, and 1,173 for
Siegel.
The foregoing gi\*en as a sample of the split
ting of tickets. Chemung County gives 213 Dem
ocratic majority.
Nfw York, Nov. S—l p. m.— I Two hundred and
twenty-fdx towns outside of -New York and
Brooklyn show a Republican gain of 10,568. The
Republican majority in Oetego County la 2W;
Saratoga, Gcneew, i.ioy. Democratic—
RcnsH-laer, 1,000. Morris Winslow, Rz-publican,
is chosen Senator in the Eighteenth District by
l*F<o majority
New \ork city, Thlrt»vnth Ward—l.9Umajority
•or the Democratic Slate ticket; Rcjmlrtloan >*otc,
13,999, Whyte's nudorlty, 7,764. Lart year in the
Fame wards tbo Democratic Congressional vote
was 2,259: Republican, ll.+oo. The Democratic
majority Inst year in the mining ward, the
Eleventh, was 2TA
Returns to midnight Indicate clcarlv that Klnga
County has gone Democratic by several
thousand majority for tho State
ticket. In Brooklyn, Powell, regular Democratic
candidate for Mayor, is certainly elected, and
nearly if not the entire ticket. Tbo Reform
ticket received bat few votes. The Democrats
elect their own Assemblymen In tho Third,
1-ourth. and Ninth Districts.
A woman named Margaret Mailer presented
herself at the polling booth on Greenwich street,
to-duy. Tho 1 Urpcctors took her vote. She went
on her way rejoicing amid the cheers of the
crowd.
NEW JERSEY.
New York. Nov. 7.—A few scattering returns
frow New Jersey Indicate tbo probable cb'ctlon
fx Parker, Democrat, (lorcrnor, bv a reduced
:»h compared with 1868.
Newark, Nov. ".—Newark city, complete,
gives Parker, Democrat, for Governor, 828 major
ity. i*eing n gain of over 2 /too over the charter
clwtlon Inst month. Scattering returns from
Eaat Jersey favor Parker’s prospects. Nothing
decisive ban yet berii heard from south Jersey.
New York, Nov. 7.—D*-spstchee from Newark,
K. J„ announce Democratic gains everywhere
throughout tho State. Tbo change la the cJtv of
Newark would elect Parker, oven If the Demo
crats gained no other district, Pp.jsox Oonnty
will probably give him majority.
MAS SAOKU SETTS.
Bortov, Nov. 7.—Boston given Washburn about
10,000 plurality. Last year Claflin lacked nearly
«X>of plurality in this city. Sixty-three towns,
including Cotton, foot m>; Wimblmru, 15.K3J;
?5.c=3 LUfttnlKulafu. 1,J51; Pitman, 3,375;
WuabLuiL'o ziuijority, 6.136.
Adams, I he Democratic candidate forGovcrnor,
w«« defeated in Quincy for Representative.
Bust ox, Nov. 7, loti, in.—Return* from 177
pities nnff towns givo Washburn in round num
bers 51.000 votes; Adams,3l,ooo; and Chamberlain
and Pittman about 5,W0 each. Wjiahbum’a plu
rality will exceed that of ClafUn’a of List- year,
wlilcnwaa a little le>*« than £O,OOO. TUo Legisla
tum will bo largely Republican.
Charles Bale, late Consul General Id Egypt, Is
elected Senator over Wm. D. Park. Democrat.
VIRGINIA.
'Alexandria, Nov. 7.—Tbn Conservative candi
dates for the Legislature carry this city by a ma
jority of aUmtiOO. No returns from tnc county,
bm It is suppoMXi that tho Conservatives have
elected their candidates.
ARKANSAS.
Lryrxj: rock, Nov. 7.—The election to-day
piwU off quietly. At least 303 persons were
d*ninl the riuht to Y*ote. because their name*
did not flpia'ar on iho reglatmtlon books
in the wards when* they applied to vote. No
•ußielal returns are In. According to the tally of
those appointed by the Biooh.V men to ink© down
the names of thus© who voted, aud how, tho
Brooks ticket, so e;ille<l, in opposition to tho
Si iiHlorCho'ton party, is elects! by a majority
of irem cut to too. Tlio Judges am now budy
cotmiiug, smd, they allow noouetolKi pres
ent. there Is no means of knowing the official
count.
MARYLAND.
ll.vi.Tntonr,, Nov. i.— Baltimore city, emitting
the Klevi-nth Word, glvcd WJiylo, Democrat,
21,763.
WASHINGTON.
BEVKNUE AND TARITP.
Washington. Nov. 7.— There is no quorum of
thc&cuale Finance Committee, consequently this
meeting Uxc-tl tor to-day did not take place. Thu
balance of the committee la expected lu a few
day**. The object of the meeting In tho consider
atunof moditirationa in the revenue and tariff
bills to be acted upon at Uic next soaulou.
INTANTBV.
Tho Equipment Committee to consider the sam
ple of luianiry equipment* meet to-murrow.
FOR ECHOI’E.
Rear-Admiral AJden will leave here on Friday,
with Gcuvinl Shcimun. Colonel Audcuricd. and
Lieutenant Grant, fur Now York. Tho Wabash
will probably sad for Madeira oa Saturday.
WISCONSIN.
liaßlusinni Proclamation by Gorernor
Fairchild.
Kazhsok, Vl*., Nov. 7. —Governor Fairchild baa
Issued tv proclamation recommending tlio ob
hervuncc 01 Thursday, November 30. as a dir of
public tiumksgtving. prayer, and praise. In which
Lo says that ’’another year of plenty, general
l.eulllt, and prosperity huA been vouchsafed to
the people or this State. Thhj we should thank
rally re. ognlze, and although a widespread con
tlngrution In the Northeastern portion of the
btnte hue desolated many households, brought
mourning to tunny famtlica, and stripped
thousands of our fellow-citizens of nearly till fhslr
worldly wealth, yet, the poorest of these suffer
ers have found that mill lona of hearts throughout
the whole hind have extended to them tho most
euinot sympathy, and million* of hand* have
iclbwd tbelr wants by liberal gilts. FurGodV
loving klndoctb during the year soon to close, and
lorthliMmlpouring of Christian benevolence ana
chanty to our afflicted fellow-citizens, we should,
according to the pious of our fathers, pub
licly Humic Him who moved the hems ox men
to fuicroua deeds.*'
Telegraphic BmiviM.
diaries E. Woolscy, a schoolteacher In Chris
tiana village. Deb, was killed on Monday by
Stephen 11. Castner, a Justice of tho Peace. Cost
ner bitm ndeieU to the authorities.
—On Monday, as laborers were at work catting
a new ruud through tho hill and hollow known om
Hnug Hollow, near Connell Bluffs.they excavated
11 Mick containing *13,002 in gold and silver. The
money was hidden there clgatoen years agn by a
tmiunauud Muir, who murdered a comrade, o
C&lUomian, la this city. Muir w.ia captured and
hung by u mob of Californian*. He wild ha bad
hid his mum y under a stump in this hollow, but
r» fused to tell where. Many havubunted for this
i-ecrtU-d treasure, but all in vulu. Tho laborers
shared tho booty equally.
—A man namrd Nicholas Wngner.a German
found dead In tho woods east of Council li.Tfaa
on Monday. A shot gun ti«A to treo with»
►tilugUed to tho trigger was found with tho re
mains, One hundred dollar* la money with notes,
were found on his parson. The Coroner’s Jury
n‘i unu d verdict of wulclde. Deceased has rela
tions living at Joliet. Ilk Wagner has boon mUa
ng since September 17.
—A negro went to the house of Mrs. Base, living
near Windsor, Ucmy County, Mo., on Saturday
evening, and demanded her money. Shb refused
to give it to him, whereupon he choked her tIU
she was nearly insensible, and attempted to out
rage her person. Tho negro was arrested, near
Clinton, taken to Windsor, and there bung by a
mob.
—The Board of Directors of the TlUnoia State
Agricultural Society haw come to the ibucrmlarv
llou ml tol old the State Fair of 1972 at Da Quoin.
The ren« n which has controlled the members of
thrVemdlu rrncting this determination is the
unsatisfactory snpportgivcn tho StnUr Pair at
Du Quoin this year. The place of holding the
next fair wti be fixed ut the January meeting of
theLvaid.
A clen'uU-h, from Hannibal. Mo., says: The
ebetieu u>r Dlnx'tors of tho llunnlbal and HU
JoM-ph lb.Hr. ml. In this place, yesterday, was
vtrj rp jiud, and resulted w the triumph of the
Tt.l« do. toaNadiand and the Lake Shore
;.hil tho N- w York Central iuU-rvut over the
ClJragu, Lurhugtou' and Qnlney, and the Boston
umritjt.
—ln tla' Spring Garden Philadelphia Methodist
Lpucofai Cluiri-ii eIO.OCO was collected on Snu-lsy
Im (liitagu sulll-jvrs: M.W wUwud in the
OTtur cLUti-mw.i Weeks ago. Dr. Fowler, of Chi
ilctivwfd thenddrees.
—The Metl.odl.4T I'piscoixil Church of Frank
lin, Fa., pave Dr. Thomas SI,OOO rash on Sunday
:n p.sd ot rit'V.ildlr.g the Methodist church'-, of
ltlrai.i>. pniwd n-eclctiotis of sympathjL and
will, at the Kile C«utortnc©, vote to increase (ids
MRiMUt tit l.l.frt tce.«o.
sbearry mjeetiwos.
MASONIC.
The Kcmhers of Kilwinning Lodge ar.*» ro
cue&ted to meet at the* West Side Uaaonio
Temple, corner Randolph andHalatod-sts., oa
TEDBBDAY, Bth iiisfc., at 7:30 p. zn., sharp,
as there will be bosiness of importance
trcccht before the X^dgo.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
By order of the T7. Iff.
B. P. DE LONG, Secretary.
JSasonic.
A regular extern-inVaUoo of K. W. BTORLOW
ICr<.K. Na 435, A. F. A H., wlil tw h.W M Losing
PsIL IS Nrrth brntxm kandolphaod T
itifr (W tdXMvdsy) evi-nmg. at 7 1-3 o’clock. .Ui xajm-
busimsaof lapor
uuxbtohotransteted. Vroraer.
OKOHGE TAPPRN, W. M.
SUinotM St.*lH€lreic's Society.
The fU-iEusl me. Hugol the DUOOU 9t Aodrew’s Ho
ricty will Is* Li Li tt ThurwJsy eci-ning. the Tth IsaC,
ht 7) o'ckek. kt ti-o ottoe or Jolm Vast tVond, Kaa..
lixtn No. I Ma-KOac Pullillng. ecr. UaXsG-1 na& Raa
rtolpheta. JOHN STEWART, ttec'y.
COLLECTOR'S SALE.
TTKITED STATES COLLnCTOR’S SALS, AT
(J lx**A Iroqtuh- I’o Titj-, Thu real Mtst
mud tux rad rn i. rty W locgtng to die Lodj Distillery,
will be rflertd tr>r rale ca U;c disUllery premises, at
I f<ts. I2<x;u( ui Comity IU noU. bxweoa toe hours of
K oVlfck n. ta. and rf© fretting of the bud. oa tho uth
day U NvvnrYcr. t-Tt. to ttM> hlgiitwC and best bi4der
trrrrah. Rivlfl dLlUlcry premloM, and Tie per?v»aai
j np. rty Ivlrriclnjr tlu was diwtrained for the non.
ot tsxor* dne the pnvftoajeut br virtue cf two
nioiartfr nrx’-rr try hand and kjvil. oq th««uth
l7TlMbg-fr rl June. j«m. and edVi-msM for saloon
tl# Vth 4ryr4 lo7J. bv enter nj the United
Mr I* Clirull Owurl of the Ncrticra Dtatrlot of
iicts.
t* Sudukw ard flracriptlcaH ef tiie said preWity ta av
W K<.ti at Rfom IE Hail. C&Jcaco. or ob
mimd by addn.s»big n©, iu MaUoon, Illluola.
JONATHAN KICItMOND
r.'Ki-rtPT •xnmth District tHtnn^,.
Mattoos. Dh. Nor. e. un.
DRY GOODS*
CARBON, PIEIE& 60.
WILL OPEN TEEIII
'SOUTH SIKE STOKE,
138 TWESTY-SECOSB-ST.,
On THURSDAY MORNING, Nov. 9,
with a new stock
DR? GOODS,
AT LOWEST PRIDES, together with
some bargains in Silks, Dress Goods,
Shawls, ko., slightly soiled while
being saved from the fire.
fest lie Retail Department
IS AT
[636 West lake-sf., near Paulina.
Wholesale Department
IS NOW FAIRLY OPENED AT
329 West 31adlson-s(.,
Opposite Aberdeen, with an entirely
new and well-assorted stock of STA
PLE and FANCY DKY GOODS, at
bottom prices.
CABSOS, PIKIE CO.
FI£U),m&CO.
CHICAGO.
Wo tak* much pleasure in anwiywistwg to
ftionda, and the entire trade tributary to Chicago,
that immediately alter Dio fixe we leased the SPA
CIOUS BRICK BUILDDiG, comer State swd Twen
tieth-its., and that our WHOLESALE Department
is now nearly as well organised as before the fire.
We shall strictly adhere to our uniform LOW
PRICES, and assure our patrons that nothing will
bo left undone on our part to maintain the former
(tiding of THIS MARKET. 1
We are now building a substantial brick store—
comer Market and Madison-sta, where we expect
to move oar WHOLESALE 8U615E88 before Feb
ruary 1,1871.
Our RETAIL BFIFAkTMk.w r j| now open, with
ocsplete stock in every branch.
State and Twentieth-sts.
Connecticut Mutual Life.
Members of tho company who have loot their poli
cies, ami tkwto wh«v»o premiums arc now due, or about
due. will please call at our ufliro.
bTE.VKNt». DICKINSON <t CO.
Uf neral Agvnt.n. 379 Wabaah-ar.
insurance.
aMdic
NORTH BRITISH
MERCANTILS
IXSURAACE CO.,
OF LOSDOJT LTD EOHBrBGII, 6, B„
Will have intact, after deducting CHI-
DAGO LOSSES
Capital, $10,000.00
Fire Surplus, orcr 3,000.00
Life Assets AntfuKles, 11,000.00
$24,000.00
Of which $1,100,000, besides the $200,-
CCO deposited with the State Departmsnt
of lUinoLs, is invested in this country, and
will remain intact for the benefit of the
Eire Business of the United States.
Two well-known, and prominent Amer
icans, Hon. Hugh McCulloch, former Sec
retary of the Treasury of tho United
States, and Junius .S. Mbrgan, Esq., suc
cessor of the great American Banking
Bouse of Messrs. Peabody Co., ore ac
tfce Directors of this Company in Lon
d6n.
Up to Saturday, sth inst,,
Over $500,000
Of this Company’s losses by the late fire
had been paid.
RratwA OOtet mud Bomrd ef .VsiMgfMrNl
for Uw Cmiied Stalfi,
50 William-st,,NewYork.
S. M. MOOEE CO.
379 Wabash-nv. and 68 Canal-st.,
AGENTS FOR CHICAGO.
R. JT. SMITH,
flupcricCcsdcs* Agencies for Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, oed Hkhlgan.
To Bosiness leu.
Asy parties who hare a good aeonaiatoace in New
York or Chicago can make favorable arrangements
with the
‘EQUITABLE LIFE’
To work 00 commission, brokerage, or guarantees by
applying to
H. F. JENNISON,
General Agent,
GB3 Wabash-av.
MISSOURI
Mutual JLife Insurance Co,,
OF 1 ST. LOUIS.
F. P, ENOWIiES, General Ag’t.,
0 South Canal-st., Boom 6.
*n»e**Kct I’lcmimn." rm Ponded Eosdlng plan, of
UdACYmpnry girrs the Invest rates, with particlaz
thin la prrr.ts, t ruiy rriixble c*^ap«ui>.
Cotcntltlxl Sskiftl Ininrßa** ot Cfere
laod« OIUo.
We will ray C tv cert nwvretbui thp <vrmpaoy ii now
effl ring for n limlud iiuiubt'rrif pollctcw to uieOoinmor.
ClAi Mucosl 12:.n:rAlice Cciupauy, uf CSowlind, OhlA
t'UUt'ELDT BALL, Attorn-ys,
£l9 went MmU-wro
NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION.
Tbecrrartarrhlilp hfretofnreexlitiing between RD.
MVM) FJIANAUAN and JOHN W. BUANAIU.V,
rwtrr the rna and name of RHAXAHAN
1-ItDTHKSIB, U thU day diMOlyed by mntuivl eon*
cut. Jldimmd Rli&noiiao is alone authorised to settt»
Um- btiiihicf-s of lie late Una.
Chicago. Nov. C. 1871.
EDMUND MIANAHAN.
J. W. BUANAIIAX.
CepartnmMji,
The rraderalgcc*’. have thh* day formed a tymartner*
aiJn.nadrrttie firm and name of btiANAuAN A
WTJ-T. e»d will iimne-llatcly open a flwt-claes Drr
Gouda su.ro at No. U JUoe lidaon-av.
KUMUNDHHANAHAN.
DISSOLUTION OF PABTNEEBHXP.
The parim n-Ma herrtrfrre eili*llag under tho firm
nsmetf LONGA- NCHAPPKLwas dlaiolvrd by tntz
tvtlwnMnt cn the 10th <4. October. Rtthcr partria
octhrrttid to frlm in hanidatlon. J. iL LONG.
4 O HIKI LAN NCHAFFEL
COPARTNERSHIP DISSOLVED.
The fT-i*ncfrnhip of JAR. P. FOGG, SON A
FROWN. No. :I7 Kiazh Chicago, was dlaaetied by
mutcalcvcArcUoathßlthday t-f Oct-ber..un. The
bruimee will m* cotitiuued by JAS. P. FOGG A
t*ON. at the old 1-tand (No. m wh<r will
m Ulr Ml crercnt*. JAB. V. FOOil. L. FOGG.
W. t.
SEWING TCACHIHE9
WILCOX GIBBS’
id iw iaefess.
Office at Present 987 IndJaaa-av.
Will bherUy open a place of btuiseaa with a
ISTEW STOCK.
(Of which due notice wfll be ptveo). where we will be
able to Ul all nnlera, aad give ceorteotja alientlpa to
.-nr rerirrfr, a« cu.iL All who lia\y lofrt tlulr
iriwlli-i t-y LV laic Crr farera by
frtfcdiug tlwlr adares* er caUUogae abetrx
THE GREATEST TRIUMPH
OF THE -A. G- E
DIEBOLS k KIMM
FIRE AND BURGLAR-PROOF
In the Great Chicago Fire!
“TIME TRIED AND FIRE TESTED!”
MILLIONS OF VALUABLES SAVED!
Contents not even Scorched, while side by side
of other Safes whose contents were entirely
destroyed! In the red-hot flames from 24
to 313 hours, and come out “All Right,"
while others come out “AH Wrong!”
Read the following, Elected from hundreds of testimonials la oar
possession from the lending: business firms in Chicago who
were using onr Snfes--oiiglual*» at nif office:
Cidcaga, Nov. i, L*CL
D. 6. COTMt, Gfnl Ag’t Dl.-l»ld A Klenzlo:
The Pullman Palace Car Co. had two Sarr«j of ronr
make in their marble building, foot o( Uamiolphit.
which htood tha tcrrldokst of tire admirably, and, ou
opening them, days afterward, we foam! the contents
aS right We take pleasure is certifying to ths aame,
and order ot yon two large tire and burglar proof Safes.
fI'U.M \N PALACE CAR CO..
M.UiVIN UAZiUTT.&ap't
ilr. D. H. Covert:
Ixar Sir: Tho PleboM
utcns N0.C05 South Wator-et, remained Intherolna
after tie lire of tho 3thnit. tlrediya. Tho books and
papers wore well prcHervod, and in Rood condition fur
Ote. UlUlßltT HUBBAUP ACO.
pear Plr: J had Safe of yottr make in the Oriental
Building, which, on opening, after thotire, showed tho
contents In pood condition. The test was very
aa the beat In this bulldjng wi* exceed v«,*
“orr op over six iicsbiusb safes.”
D. 8. Corm 1
Dear Sir: since the Great Fire 1 hare boon engaged'
largely in luting Safes from the ruins. I have alrrewir
taken out over felx hiuulnd of different Unds.a&dof
them Diebold KJenzWit havestood far thobe^s.
Jh ZICNDKUSOh', lii MathiT-*t>
Hesfira. Dlebold A Klenz!*
“Hod a IMebold, Bahmann A Co. Bale la my office.
No, 21 Chamber of Commerce, in qm wme years. It
vu subjected to the Internee boat until Thursday after
noon. 'Wfeea It was raised by tactic from lu position
the flames borstont bennaUt 1L The book* and papers
serein good coadltlen, and a bow the entire condition
of my basin oss. HOWARD PBlKe>n.V.
W&. Dtv. c. A N. TV. naawar.
ttuperlmrtulent'j* Office,
D. 6. Covert:
Beer eir: I bad one of Bit-bold A KienzJc’a Flro and
Burglar Proof Safes In my office at'the Depot,
which passed through the Great Fire, and, although
the intense heat warped the ontdde plates badly, on
opening 1 found the contents Is fird-rate condition. I
shall want another eoon. 'AIITUCII A. HOBABT
tdv. sup'k.
Picl’OJd A Klcnxlo t
Gents: Wo are happy to Inform you that the Bare of
your make passed through the Are all right Books,
papers, and money all saved uninjured:
bOOVIIXE iIANFO CO..
By E. 11, PATTILn.BOJf.
D. a Covert:
Dear Sir: We had a DieboW A Kleozle Safe la our
warehouse, No. id Lako-*t-, which passed through the
Great Fire, and was opened five days after. Tho
was very great, bat we found all our books and papers
In good and legible KING 880% A CO.
Dcor Blr: TheTßafe of Db-bcM A Klenzle's nuke, in
onr store, M 2 State-st., cam** out reiy finely from the
great fire, and preserved all Its contents to ns la good
cider. Wo consider the test a very severe one, as there
were 7100,000 worth of liquors In Ltho More at the time,
and the Safe waa so hot it could not be opened for thir
teen days after the fire.
Yon axn wdcome.lo this for your benefit.
laJliaiiT.
Iftwra. trtebold Klcmle-.
T TlAit fiti» t-t wvr,,. p-, TT e k l«
Cce, &1M with valuable papers. It «m exposed to an
Intense heat, and I am happy to elate that the content*
wen found preferred to my entire satisfaction. I shall
want another Bale of the same else.
KLUAH SMITH.
VAn.
Onr Safe of tb« Dk-bold A Klenalo wHta was in the
fire firm Bandar night to Friday morning. Oar books,
papers, and ca&h account came oat la perfect condi
tion. COOK. COBURN* A 00„
r Newspaper Advertising Agents.
Meeers. ZMebeld Klnulo:
Cecta: We, amongat many others, can testify to ths
tocceesof year Safe*. The one wo purchased of yoa
was 72 honra In the great Uro (Pope’s Block), and. on
opening, found all our books and papers la safe and
nice cenditicn. Weahall want another Safe as soon
as cur t ft ce Is permanent!relocated.
Respectfully yours, J- C- KITES A 00,
FOURTEEN DAYS IK FUta
Chicago, October T„ ISTL
u; a cerTrt, Es«., General Agent tor Dlobotd
Kicnrfe's Pales:
Dear Sir; oar safe. parthaMd of jtw;w*a_la'the Into
Urge Cre st Chicago, and on opening aald Safe by your
agent. Mr. Greenwood, foond all our papers, books,
jjja wrcdccta. also aon» money and sundry aecnxitloa.
In good eenditien, and recommend the anno to the pub
lic. Respectfully, C. C. HOLTON A (XX.
formerly H.Welh}-«t.
TWENTY DATS IN FIRE.
Chicago, October a UTL
Mr. 0. 8. Ctn-ert, Eaq.« General Agent tor Dieboid A
KLnalo’a Safes:
Tbc Bafo purchased of yon was In tho large fire at
CUcago. at Bryan’s Block, and on opening the Safa
FIRE PROOF
sr A F
found nil Uu> paper?, book*, and in a- peetfcel
condition- lUepeclfully, J. p. HART.
Chicago. October 27, utl
D. K Covert, Central Agent Dicheid A KLenWS
Safes:
Tht- Safe purchased of rou was at 38 Dearborn-*., ta
the hotu*t fire, for thrws day*. We had securlllea to
the amount of about a quarter of a million of doQan£
all of which we found in a perfect condition on opoafa£
the Safe. It *ta of «lt« a, ritagle Door, of bleboLA A
.for,;, 13TL j Klccilr', ntak*.
Me**ts. IHobold Jt Klenzlo:
Gentlemen; The Sale we bought of yon vu thro#
days roasting among the debris of the Crosby Opts
Ilotuc, and preserved all the boots, papera, and mm
rc'Dpyeatraattd toit. We cordially recommend It M a
reliable Piro proof Baf*. ROOT CAST.
HIKA*f.VIIEJiLnit
Chirac, October urv
Mr. P. S. Covert, General Agent Dlebold A Kl«uaU*»
Safes:
Pear Sir: The Safe pnrthasod of yon was in the lets
fire, at 232 Sooth Watrr-at. We opened said Safe ttoa
day and found all our bouts and papers la A perfectly
good condition. J. IL AKHCESTP.
My Safe was in the Are at 222 Sooth Water-»h X»
stood very well: boner than other safes which gtootf.
alongside of It. My books and papers all right and to
goodoSer. KOKHLKU A BfiO*
Had s Flw-iroof Pafe of the Dlebold A
mate. smronndtd by SO to 75 barrels of Tarnish, aaA
wa* orpo<MHl to an extreme heat. The content* aQ
tiTcii u> good e nlc-r. which wo cheerfully acknowledge
A. B. VAN DORUN. tho SUt**fc

Chicago, Oct. a. ISH.
Mw. Dlebold A Kloode:
Z*ear Hirs: In the great drv at Chicago toy hooka, p*-
per*. insurance policies and some money were in om
©f your Fireproof Poles. D. 3. UOVKSTt
This will certify that M. Crocker A Cook* No. ft
South Water-et, bad their Account books and other
valuable papers in one of Dlobohl A Klen lie’s
and that It carried them through the great Are of
ber and 9 safely, and scarcely injured, while other
Hofce In the same building, and of the same lrj i
pretentions, were, with their content*, destroyed. W»
esteem itfvy-rs. Lie bold A Kienile’s Buies aa «-»*n azul
most reliable CROCKKB A COOC&
Kwn. Dlebold A Klenalet
Gentlemen: We takp pleasure In Mating that the B*6>
purchased of yon. although 1C was subjected to the most
intense heat In the late fire, preserved our books, pa
pers, etc.. In perfect order. Please to send tu a new
Safe when we start again.
Onr Safe passed through the great fire of the Mi atnt
9th October. Zt was a No. 4 Fire and Burglar. I%m
contents were all preserved in good condition, wtxlA
we are pleased Co acknowledge.
Chicago, October 77,137 L
Dicbokl A JTlrntla
Geete r Allow me to congratulate yon upon tho nfr?
cess jt»a have so justly attained in the manafactnn
ftofeo. The one I purchased of yon was 120 hours fe.
the hottest of the fire In the Opera House, and ylaMaC
up its contents in good order, hfy books and pages
axe all legible, and other valuables secure. WUfateC
you every prosperity, I remain, vury truly.
.CHAPIN A OOBK
ADaw me to ooa "Titillate 70a upon the boomm «T
rt>ar Jnstly-relebrated Mm In the late Are. Our BnM
was In No. 10 Chamber of Commerce Building, and ~n>~
1 *<tfd to a v?ry trying tert. OnopoolngltwefoandlH
contents la good condition.
DAVIS, POPS it OOL
Dor ?afe mada by Dlobokl A Klezuls was la fIU flesk
atNOtTOLaSaUnst. Si hoars. All the content* wwti*
saved Intact. OVTATT, SOUTH WELL OO*
Managtrs JEtoa Life lasnianco Company of
Conn., No. U Aberdeen-at.
These are only a few seleotaft’'
from a great mass of teatimoai
ala which Xam daily
and which I shall publish ficus
time to time., They are all QBV-*
DINS, and no HEPEATHBS.
among them. The entire force. bC
our large Factory is now ea>
ployed upon my orders, and X
shall rapidly fill all demands fbe
new work. The pnhlio nuqr
depend upon It, there is: no
better or more honestly madOt■
work in the United States than
that of DIEBOLD Krv.rJtrr.Ta,
D. S. COVERT,
GENERAL AGENT,
446 STATE-ST. CSiioagb.
E S
Krynn’a Bh<k. corner Mauve aad
OI.IXOKR <t BAIXARI>,336Vab«h4T.
Chicago, October 13, 10 T.
HOLTSTONDEB A RANDALL,
199 Sooth Canal st
1C K. BICKFORD A CO.
Chicago. 111. Oct. M, im. I
No.ao huchlgon-ar. r
W. W. gT\TPfcTJ T
3