local anil ifctate
The city clerk recorded twelve intentions
of marriage during the month of October.
Titcomb has in store a large stock of drugs,
medicines and perfumery.
For Harper’s liarar, or any other publica
tion, from daily to quarterly, you should call
at J. Frank I’ierce’s. _____
Cushing Weeks have at their fish mark
et at the north end, large and delirious oys
ters, just from the slrell.
Stephen Thacher, Esq., No. 11, Pemberton
Square, Boston, has been appointed by Ciov.
Pcrham, a Commissioner for Maine w ithin
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
The ladies should remember that this is
the second day of the grand display of milli
nery at the establishment of Misses Sager
White. There was a great rush yesterday to
see the styles for the approaching season.
.Tames Seymour of the 28th Massachusetts
Regiment, stopping at the National Asylum,
Togus, had his hand jammed quite badly yes
terday forenoon, while braking up one of the
dirt cars used in grading.
The Treasurer of the Orphans' Home in
Rath, acknowledges the receipt of $120.73,
the amount of one day’s pay of the soldiers in
the shoe shop at the National Asylum in this
city, being contributed fur the benefit of the
Irphana in the Home.
Mr. J. P. Whitney, who lias spent the last
eleven years in Menomonee, Mich., has re
turned with his family to this city. Menom
onee is only about seven miles from the ill
fated town of Peshtigo, and the terrible
conflagration extended almost to its outskirts.
Mr. Whitney says he believes at least 1200
lives were lost, and that the horrors of the
Peshtigo fire infinitely exceeded those of
Chicago.
The following are the officers of Relief
I.odge of Masons, of Belgrade, chosen at the
annual meeting held on the 28th ult.:
.lames M. Rorkwood, W. M.
Benj. P. Mitchell, S. W.
Joseph E. Tilson, J. W.
James II. Mosher, treasurer.
Charles A. Yeaton, Secretary.
IUwin O. Tibbetts, S. I).
Sam’l Y. Spaulding, J. D.
Leo. K. Minot,
i i -r-i i r 1 inaneo
Joseph libbetts,
i it- t, .i t ommittee.
L. Baehelder, y
The Metropolitan Theatre Company of
Messrs. Myer Huntley made their first ap
pearance in this city last evening, drawing a
fair audience, but not nearly as large as the
merits of the company deserve. Miss Fannie
Herring was tire central figure in the play
presented, arid won the special favor of the
audience from tire start. She is well sus
tained by a large and first-class' company.
The performances of Prof. Muller on the vio
lin come very near to the best efforts of (do
Bull. To-night the great play of “Rostdale"
will be presented. Let the company have a
crowded bouse.
Last Saturday Friend J. 1). Rang, one of
the Indian Commissioners, returned to his
home in this state, after an absence of about
three weeks. As our readers have already
been made aware in our telegraphic columns,
Friend Rang has been engaged in removing a
remnant of the original Cherokee tribe of In
dians from I.oudon. East Tennessee, to the
country of the western Cherokeos. Of this
remnant, throe carloads were conducted by
Commissioner Lang to their new country,
some 1500 miles due west. The commission
er reports that they went contentedly, and
were hospitably received. The remainder
will probably follow before many months.
About the middle of this month, postal cars
will be put on the Maine Central iiailroad
from Portland to llangor, and from thence
over the European North American Hail
way, to Halifax. Postal ears are now running
regularly from Portland to San Francisco,
and the proposed extension will supply the
connecting link, forming a continuous line
from San Francisco to Halifax. These post
al ears may properly be called moveable post
offices, as indeed they have all the internal
arrangements of first-class post offices, fitted
up with sorting boxes and all the modern im
provements. Government furnishes clerks
who do the business and are made responsible
the same as postmasters.' Mails put aboard
these cars go straight through, and are not
detained and overhauled at distributing of
fices alung the route.
A meeting of the board of Aldermen was
held on Wednesday afternoon, for the pur
pose of considering the petition of John Mul
liken, in regard to the damage to bis proper
ty by the excavations near bis farm on West
ern avenue. A committee viewed the prem
ises and the inspection led to the passage of
the following order:
Ordered, That the Street Commissioner be
directed to close the excavation on the lop of
the hill on Western avenue, near the Mulliken
farm, at both ends of said excavation that he
remove do more dirt from said excavation,
and put notices there forbidding any one to
take dirt from the same.
The thorough draining 'of Sewall street was
also made the subject of inquiry and investi
gation by the board of aldermen, and they ar
rived at the conclusion that a drain should ho
constructed, hut it is not yet decided when
the work will be commenced.
That “old citizen’’ whom the Journal has
been pleased to introduced to its readers as
having resided on Orchard street, (that was)
for the last fifty years, and who is therein
represented ns having awoke last Tuesday
morning surprised to find himself and his
ancient home, transplanted to Chestnut street,
begs leave to say, that, though he sees no
sweet chestnuts yet around him, and would
not dare to question the wisdom of our city
lathers in deciding against a fruitful orchard
which enriches and ornaments a street, and in
favor of a siuglc horse chestnut tree that
stands perhaps somewhere on its line, he
really does wonder a" little, that said fathers
should have disregarded the wishes of the pe
titioners who reside or own lands upon Orch
ard street and its extension, and given the ease
to parties that reside elsewhere and have no
interest thereon. Only two persons on the
territory named preferred Chestnut, while six
petitioned against the change. This, howev
er, is not the first example of outsiders being
allowed to deprive legitimate people of their
choice. I1
Horse Chestnut St., Nov. 1.
Sunday School Institute for Kennebec County.
Wednesday Evening.
Rev. W. Woodbury continued bis illustra
tive teaching, and mentioned the different
styles, viz.: figurative, narrative, and histori
cal. lie spoke favorably of picture teaching.
Dr. Doddridge was mentioned as having been
taught from the painted Dutch tiles simple
Bible truth when hut a lad. Prominent
characteristics of the life of Christ were seiz
ed upon by the speaker.
Rev. E. W. JacksTm, agent of the Congres
sional Temperance Society, and member of
tile South Carolina Conference (Methodist
Episcopal Church,) addressed the large audi
ence. He gave account of a Sunday school
in Charleston, S. which averaged 300
scholars during the war. When the white
teachers abandoned it, the blacks took hold
and carried it on—the only school in all that
region that thus continued. The record told
the story of some Sabbaths in which “the at
tendance was not quite so large as usual on
account of a shell bursting into the church.”
The blacks now have to carry on the work of
the gospel separate from the whites, fn one
county in that section, 0!) have been slain by
the ghostly Ku Klux since last December.
The whites have customs that preclude the
the power of the Gospel. Dr. Matlack on his
first tour as Presiding Elder found wine on
the tables of all his preachers, but the Dr. de
clined asking grace until the wine was re
moved.
The question box then produced a large
number of questions and these were answer
ed laconically and promptly.
Adjourned.
Sr.i ONII DAT—Till IISIIAV.
An early prayer meeting was lull at 0
o’clock, yesterday morning, directed by G.
M. Webb of Albion. Warm interest marked
the meeting. At s o'clock the institute joined
in devotions fur parents. A lecture on the
city of Jerusalem was then given by Rev. O.
M. Cousens, illustrated by ma; s and other
illustrations. The speaker seized upon sev
eral salient points in the wonderful history of
the city, and urged teachers.to adopt a some
what similar mode with their pupils. Then
followed Rev. W. Woodbury on Duties oi
Teachers.
The lecturer on Bible Chronology and His
tory, Itcv. C. Monger, then gave the outline
of the 1000 years before Chri t, in such a man
ner as to enable the audience to respond in
in giving the date of num.rous events and
lives of eminent personages in Old Testament
history.
Questions of question l,..x ered
Adjourned to afternoon.
Afternoon.
There was a large attendance of the pi ople
of Haliowell, the city schools having been
granted a half day's vacation.
One half an hour was spent in devotional
exercises for scholars in the Sunday school,
after which the chairman of the institute,
Mr. Bailey, took (he chair.
The following resolution was piv ■•nted
from the committee and passed
Ibsoli td, That the thanks of this body lie
tendered to the people of this city for the
very cordial and generous hospitality which
they have extended to us, and also to the
railroad officials who have granted us a re
duction of fare; and also to the members of
this church for the use of this house of wor
ship.
Rev. Mr. Cousens again took up the sub
ject of “Object Teaching,’' allowing many
simple but suggestive objects, pointing to
some great truths of the bihle. Questions
were freely asked, and promptly answered by
the children.
Rev. A. S. i.a 1J of Waterville, addressed
the children. Thought he could speak to the
children quite appropriately as a hul. He
urged the quality of goodness before that of
“stfiartness,” and illustrated the ideas pre
senteu.
The question box was again opened and
several questions answered.
The Secretary, 1). Cargill, made supple
mentary report. Had received 4_’ returns,
showing 80 conversions; precise number of
scholars not given. Hoped another year to
give a detailed report of the condition of all
the schools in the county.
The report was adopted, as well as that of
the executive committee.
Kev. Mr. MeCully of Hallowell, chairman
of the committee on resolutions, reported a
series reciting that the importance of the
Sunday school work requires that the schools
continue without interruption throughout the
year that greater care should be exercised
in the selection of libraries for the schools,
admitting only such works as will promote
moral and religious culture; deprecating the
tendency to make the Sunday school concert
an exhibition to amuse, merely; that the
Sunday school is worthy of the best endeav
ors of those best qualified by piety, intelli
gence and aptness for the work; that more
attention should be given to the study of sa
cred geography and history, and commending
the system presented by Kev. C. Munger;
and recommending that nil Sabbath schools
adopt some form of organization that will
cultivate interest in the cause of temperance.
The resolutions were adopted.
A closing address was then made by Kev.
Mr. Crane of Hallowell, who commenced by
endorsing the chart presented by Kev. Mr.
Munger as a help to the study of the scrip
tures. During the progress of the institute
many valuable thoughts had been suggested,
but with all the aids we can have—charts,
object and illustrative teaching—the speaker
said that success will depend, not entirely
upon these, hut upon thoughtful, persistent
efforts and prayer to God. The tcaehcr must
have in his own heart a love tor the work it
he desires to succeed. Ho must prepare him
self by earnest, constant study—prepare him
self to present and illustrate the truth; there
is no high road by which he may travel to the
hearts of the young; study, constant study,
is the key that unlocks the secret chambers ot
truth. He would not despise any of tin
helps that had been presented, but would wil
lingly part with them all if the teacher would
go daily to the throne of grace and be
come filled with power from on high. He
I illustrated the thought in hand by referring
to the great men of history who had made for
themselves a name by the character of the
1 work in which they had been engaged.
After a few parting words from the chair
man, and benediction of Kev. Mr. Munger
the institute dosed.
I The exercises of the afternoon were inter
spersed with some very fine singing by flit
children, led by the Baptist choir of Hallo*
well.
Most Wonderful Timekeeping.
Watch No. 1089—bearing Trade Mark
"Frederic Atherton Co.. Marion. N. J.”—
nmnufactured by United States Watch Co.,
(Giles, Wales Co.,) has Veen carried by
me from December, 1SGH to Jan. 10th, 1870,
its total variation being only two seconds in
the entire time.—L. K. Chittenden, Late
Hog. U. S. Treas'v.
t&wlt
fRarricu.
In Lew foil, *2Hth lilt.. J*. Herbert htoe to .Mi s
l.umia I! ILt licuck, lioth <i| Lewiston.
In Hccring, :tl n!t.*<. liarles K. Morrill, on of the
late Levi Morrill, to Miss Addle Slone, daughter of
Hr. Stone, both of Heeling.
hi <»i*rdiner. Jlth lilt by 1’ev. I>. l»I:»ke. (Jrorge
A. aldren, of C'lint n, to Mists Kinina Strong, of
that city.
Dir5.
Al Valionnl Military Asylum, I t il>-t., of eon
aumiition, L/.eki I N. brown of Boston, foiinerly of
Co. 1 I t Ma avalry,aged It \eai
In t Fariningdiile. ::i-t ult*., Mrs. Ll zabeth
an non, aged 7*> yearn and 2S da vs.
^i.Gri33\ro'sr c^yp the
Downer Patent Mineral Sperm
O X X*
I)ire<-lly Oj>jjo>»itc‘ Powt Ofllce
Thin Oil giv.-s a strong and easy light without
lor, at a -r of hall a rent per hour. It is poai
tiv«• 1 y NON-1. \PI.O>! K. and should a lighted lamp
get broken, the oil will extinguish the tlame*. It
has tin: hi>rh --t commendation iron) Insurance and
II lilroad oii-ei 1 and i- used by them in place of
Kerosene il, ci acount ofi:# safety and superior
light.
Please fall and ss; the Light.
l! i.- adapted to the German student Lamp, tlei
Dual and Argand Humer*.
Lamps and Burners
In Great Variety, at wholesale and retail. Order*
for Hie t rad promptly tilled and goods forwarded
direct from 15 #.-lon at manufacturer's prices.
J. G. HOLCOMB.
Augusta, Nov.*, 171. ?tf
m C.E e
I'ftltT tlBLE *i
Aln iiil of all others.
A. P. COULD,
I Door Xcrlli of ltnllroml I5rli*ge.
IVnttv street, Aiujuufa.
novIJ ft-f
Elastic Sponge
Mutt resse.s,
I'M on’#,
Pnr Pas/i ions,
Car and Carriage Cushions.
SPONGE BY Till: BALE Oil POI ND.
AY’e invite the ouhlie t<» rail and ix.tniine our
•‘l* lastic Sp ui e" gimd>. ah h we are now tiling
in large fjuaiililies. and which are giving great
.-atieiartinn.
Mmnge makes a softer Mattress than Hair, and
w ill hold it' elasticity much longer. ForCushion
ing Cliurehc-s, Halls, Theatres, Steam and Horse
i ars. it will bn found the be ft article in use, and.
i~ warranted proof against moth-.
t -diouhl be plea-ed to s»•»>> I Circular of refer
ence to any w ho desire.
i I:vl«\v Altu-so «fc Co.
son: a(;i:\ts rots e. states,
III YYasIiintHon Street, Boston.
novl-tAwlw.
PEER L ESS
PARLOR COAL
stoVes,
You will novor regret buying it.
A. P. GOULD,
WATER ST., NEAR R. R. BRIDGE.
AUGUSTA.
novo-ttf
CHICAGO
Ymltht* fire at Conflagratiou,
A ronriso history of the past of this most won
d» rful ol itii'.-, and a dct<tiled, circumstantial and
■;n l vicid account of its cestruciion by lire; with
t iu*f*. nirideiiL-, See Ry Mcssi m. Colbert
Chamberlain. Cit> talitoni of Chicago
Tribune. Fully illustrated from Photographs
taken on the spot. Agents wanted.
Addre C. 1 N cm, Murray "t.. New York.
nov3-|&wlw
Best in the world. Ask your Jewdlcr to soo them.
Fo? Saio by all First-class Dealers.
WHOLESALE ROOMS,
WA! CO. 13 Malden Lane, I ew York.
nov3-t&w8w
GRANITE HALL.
C. Mjrrs A J. II. Huntley, Managers.
Three Nights Only
And Ouo TVTntixxcso.
Engagement of
Fan..v terrino,
THKPKTuFTHK ITIII.TC and the STAR OF
Till) K A ST. Supi'i'iled by die Mi Iropuliiau Thea
tee Company, Also
I A. JH LLIin,
j The renowned -ol violini-t. Full lb. Hand A
j Orchestra.
Friday Evculng, November 3d, 1871.
Tim Beautiful Drama of
nOS33DAljE!
OR THE RIFLE IIAI.I..
I*rl«M as I siml.
Tickets for sale sow at J. F. Pierce’s Book Store.
Saturday Afternoon at 3 1-3 o'clock.
GUAM) M.VTIXEE.
Prices reduced. II. \Y. MAYNAUI), Agent.
oeh!S-t7t
EXCELLENT BARGAINS,
Prices Low and Terms Easy.
___
4 TWO STOIU HOl'SE, will, L, i) rooms; good
iV Cellar and cistern; m\y stable; large lot ami
a number of fruit It res.
A cottage house of seven rooms, uud lot.
Several fine building lots.
Terms easy. Apply to
F. W. WlilTFliOUSF.
Oilieo: Freemans Hank-Building,
sep.Af Augusta, Maine.
BY TELEGRAPH
TO THE
Daily Kennebec Journal.
EUROPEAN NEWS, &c.
Londojt.
Condon 2. A compromise lias been made
between tbe French and English governments
in regard to the postal treaty. The notice of
abrogation by France has been withdrawn
and the treaty will be continued, but with
material modification, tbe details of which
have been agreed upon.
Beklin.
Berlin, 2. The Workingmen's Committee
have summoned a congress of workmen to
meet here on tbe l!Uh inst.. to organize a
general strike for a reduction of the daily
term of labor to nine hours, and a general
increase of wages.
The subscriptions for the Chicago relief
fund received at the Bourse to date, are L’O,
><C thalers.
News From Washington.
Washington. 2. The President has ap
pointed Clias. C. Beaman Jr., Examiner of
('laims-m the State department.
Returns show that two hundred and five
grain and ten molasses distilleries arc operat
ing and producing two hundred and forty-one
thousand gallons yf spirits daily, an increase
.1'',000 gallons since Hie last report.
The case of the prize steamer Siren from
the district court of Mass., involving the
distribution of the proceeds thereof, is under
argument in thu Supreme eou-t.
Renewed authority is given for the state
ment that Oatacasy tins been told that alter
the visit of the Grand Duke he will not be
received as Minister of Russia here, and
Minister Curtin has given the Russian gov
ernment to understand that unless Casaeasy
shall then have been recalled or voluntarily
retire his passports will be sent to him.
Application ot Indian Superintendent Viall
for a cavalry escort to go for certain dis
allectcd Indian chiefs and induce them to
visit Washington, lias again been refused, on
the ground that the season is too tar ad
vanced and there are no troops to spare in
Montana.
News from New York.
Now York, 2. The mayor announces that
the aldermen and assistant aldermen will be
voted for Tuesday, leaving legal question as
to the latter to be decided upon the returns.
There re no signs of the missing Inger
eolls.
The Superintendent of the New York
State insurance department, who has been
making a careful official examination of the
New York city companies, to-day certifies
that the International Company's assets ot
one and a half millions arc securely invested,
and its capital of half a million, after pro
viding for all liabilities, including the Chica
go tire and reinsurance, is wholly unim
paired.
The recent clubbing of a citize n of the first
ward Gy the police will be investigated by the
grand jury.
I ke chamber of commerce unanimously
ordered an investigation to ascertain whether
any ot its members are connected with the
city frauds.
The Express has a report that Gen. Seigel
has been obliged to subscribe $10,000 for
election purposes.
Register Michael Connolly has abandoned
the design to run for office on his own hook,
and says lie won't leave Tammany.
Charles Layton bit his brother s lip otf in a
fight in Williamsburg yesterday.
At a meeting of the Brooklyn Board of Ed
ucation this aiternoun a letter was read from
Mayor Kalbtlciscli dencying all knowledge of
the article in a local print, reflecting on the
characters of the female school teachers and
members of the board.’ N'o official action
was taken, but there was a general expression
to favor its reference to the mothers and
brothers} of slandered young ladies for the
ponisliment of the author as he deserved.
It is not probable that the sureties offered
by James Eisk, Jr., in the suit of Miss Mans
field will be accepted by the plaintitf.
The union republican general committee
have endorsed the county ticket of the re
publican and democratic reform organization.
Conover stated that there were indications
that all would tie harmonious election day.
The union league club resolved to attend the
polls election day to preserve order and se
L UIC iilll
The Cooper institute was filled to-night
with citizens at the call ol' the committee to
ratify the reform ticket. Henry V. Stebbins
presided. Joseph II. Choate announced that
Hon. Thos. E. Stewart had retired from the
contest in the ."ith senatorial district in favor
of Erastui C. C. Benedict, jud William Ham
has resigned in favor of Daniel Tieman in
the 8th district. He also announced that all
the anti-tammany organizations had now
combined on candidates, and by united action
they would surely elect a goodly number of
them. lion. Samuel J. Tilden anil W. M.
Evarts followed in eloquent addresses de
nouncing the King frauds, and calling on all
the citizens to give up business election day
and make a united effort to rid the city of the
gang of robbers who have so long plundered
the treasury. The reform ticket was adopted
by acclamation. Telegrams were received
from lion. Horatio Seymour and Hon.
Francis Kernan, expressing their rigrct at
not being aide to attend.
The Heather.
War Department, 1
Office op the Chief Signal Officer.
Washington, Nov. 2.—7 I'. RT. j
Probabilities.
The barometer will probably rise slightly
with light winds anil pleasant weather in the
Southern and Middle States. Friday north
westerly winds and partially cloudy weather
in New England and Northern New York.
Fresh northwest winds on Bake Ontario,
southerly winds on Bake Michigan and Su
perior, northwest winds and clearing weather
on the Gulf coast. Dangerous winds are not
anticipated for this evening.
Disastrous Fire.
Norwich, Ct., 2. A fire this afternoon in
the tapper room of A. W. Sprague's mam
mouth cotton mill at Baltic, threatened to
be serious, hut was soon put out and was
mostly confined to the tapper room. It is
supposed that it caught from a nail or other
hard snbstance. Boss not usect tamed.
Telegraph News iu General.
Providence, 11. I., 2. The accommodation
train from Stongington, in hacking down to
the house this afternoon, struck a low- gear
or dray, throwing two cars off the track and
crushing Joseph B. Jencks, the baggage mas
ter in the wreck of the platform so that he
cannot live.
Lowell, Mass., 2. The republican con
vention in district 28 to-night nominated W.
II. Anderson, and in district 2!) Willard A.
Brown. Both representatives were in the
last session.
Albany, 2. It has been officially deter
mined to arm the State national guards with
Uemington breach-loaders.
Charleston, S. 2. There were three
deaths from yellow fever to-day.
San Francisco, 2. The front of Mechan
ics’ fine pavilion which is being demolished,
fell this forenoon, killing one man and seri
ously injuring another.
Portsmouth, N. II., -2. In the ease of
Michael Howard, charged with killing Daniel
Cronin, the jury this evening returned a
verdict of not guilty.
At tire close of Gen. Kilpatrick’s lecture
this evening, he left in a special train for
Sew York to reach New Jersey before the
election.
The widow of Admiral Pearson of the IT.
S. Navy, died at the Kockingham House this
afternoon.
Hartford, Ct., 2. The Woodruff Beach
Iron Works were sold at auction to-day un
der the receiver appointed by the court to
settle the affairs of the firm. General Wil
liam B. Franklin bid off the extensive works
for 8139,300 for Beach Co., and H. Beach
will probably run the establishment hereafter.
ltevcrdy Johnson, President at a demo
cratic meeting to-night, protested against
the proceeding in South Carolina, under the
suspension of the habeas corpus. Addresses
were made by the chairman. Senator Whyte,
Mayor elect, Van Seaudt and others. Fight
to ten thousand persons were present.
Trenton, N. J., 2. The examination of
w itnesses in the case of the German Valley
railroad was continued to-day, and the evi
dence of the State librarian and the Govern
or’s private secretary were taken. It appears
mat the bill which authorizes a railroad across
the State and to bridge the Deleware will be
made a law on the ground that it was in the
Governor's hands five days before the ad
journment of the Legislature.
Philadelphia, \’enn., 2. Goldsmith Maid
beat Lucy in three straight heats to-dav, in
2.22 1-2; 2.18 3-4; 2.18 1-4.
Halifax, N. S., 2. The brig Thomas Ed
wards from Hamburg for St. John, was
burned on the 24th ult., near Cape St. Fran
cis. All hands were saved.
FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL.
New York Money Market.
New Yokk. Novembers.
Gold closed at IIS1*
United States Sixes (coupons), 1881 I IT 3
5-zo’s IW.-, Ill‘.3
1»<H, 111*. 3
..lSf», II
1885, Jan. A July, ltii'.g
IseT, llt‘4«
f»U8 ll:!;„3
lo-W’a,(oou|iomo' 10!t\g
Paciflc sixes, g
Centra 1’aciuca 102‘TS
Union ST 3
New York Stock Market.
New York, November,2.
Mariposa I. do pld., 1#; Canton Co. 70# Cum
nerlaud u. 38 Western Cuiou l'el. Co., GP#
Quicksilver Mining Co,, 17# Pacific Mail, 47#;
liofton Water Power, 88 Adams Ex. Co.. 84#;
Wells, Fargo A Co., 52# American Merchants Un
55?4 C. 8. Ex. Co., 58 N. V. Central A Hudson
River,! V# do. scrip. 85# Eric,28# do. pld.02
Harlem, 121#; do. pld 121#; Reading. Ju*‘ Mich.
Central, 11U Lake shore anil Michigan Southern
i< Illinois Central 12!) .Cleveland A Pittsburg,
I2d# Chicago A North Western, fin 4 do. pld 88#
Chicago A Rock Maud, 1 O')# Mil. A St. Paul 57
do. pld., 70 Toledo, Wabash Western, 5’.)#;
do. pld M Pittsburg A Fort Wayne, MU# Terre
Haute. 15 do. pld 5o; Alton, 113# do, pld 115#
Ohio,A Miss., 38# Boston, Hartford Erie. 2#.
.New York Produce -Market.
New York, November, 2.
COTTON—sales 214!) hales; raid, uplands Is#.
_]* LOCK—* v stale 5i)J.g 725; round hoop Ohio
t>75g73l) western 5 0g7 00; southern 70Ug‘J25.
W H EAT A 130J0 bu; No. 2 spring 151 g 1 55 new
2 do ;w,.der red and amber western 155 g\m.
CORN—s’h to new mixed western 71 <*77#;
DO
OATS—sales 70050 western 5*)g5i
PORK— new mess, $13.20. old, 13.25
J0.00. prime,
LARD-? g steam: 9#fi 10#' kettle, 10#.
BUTTER-\V e-t u, I2fl22; stale, 15gju.
Will SK E Y Western free, 1
RiCE—Carolina, 7 4 g8#
fcUOAUj, Porto ltico, 4 Muscovado,8# g!>#
Chicago Produce Market.
Chicago, November 2.
FLOUR—spring extras
WHEAT—No. 2, 122 g 123#
CORN-48#
OATS- 30# lor No. 2
K\ E—No* 2, 150
BAKLE\-'55# for No. 2.
MESS PORK— 13.0
LAUD-8#.
LIVE HOGS—.
RECEIPTS—7000 flour, 4 5.000 wheat !»1,000 corn
si.uoo oats, 870t) barley, lU.ooo hogs.
SHIPMENTS—5000 flour, <54,Guo corn 10,000 oats
147000 barley 15,000 hogs.
Cincinnati Produce Market
Cincinnati, November 2.
MESS PORK-12 50
l.AKD
BULK MEATS—allies G#
BACON—shoulder, 7 clear rib sides 7
Wii 8KEY-88.
MATE 1NEHS.
A gay edding party came off on Tuesday
of ttiis week, at the house of the bride's
father at Morrill’s corner, on the occasion of
the marriage of Charles Morrill, Esq., and
Miss Addie, daughter of Dr. E. Stone, of
Morrill’s corner.
In the Supreme Judicial court in Belfast on
Saturday, notice was taken of the death of
Hon. Woodbury Davis. Hon Nehemiah Ab
bott addressed the court in eulogy of the de
ceased and offered resolutions suitably notic
ing the event. He was followed by lion, A.
U. Jewett in remarks reviewing the public
life of Judge Davis. Judge Kent responded
in an eloquent tribute to the memory of his
former associate, and ordered the resolutions
to be entered upon the records.
Mr. Thomas B. Emery, deputy custom
house collector of Belfast, died suddenly
Tuesday morning.
i he first passenger train over the Knox
Lincoln railroad, consisting of three cars,
arrived at Kockland at ti.20 Tuesday evening,
bringing a large number ofstrangers who had
availed themselves of the opportunity and
event. All along the route the citizens turned
out in large numbers and enthusiastically
cheered at the completion of this long antici
pated thoroughfare of communication. Ar
rived at Kockland they were greeted with
deafening hurrahs by the immense crowd
which had awaited its arrival.
A fire broke out in the press room of the
Belfast Progressive Age office Monday, while
the hands were at dinner, but was discovered
and extinguished before it had done any dam
age, except to somewhat injure this week’s
edition of the Age, the outside of which had
just come from tho press.
On Wednesday the new signal, notifying of
the approach of a storm, was hoisted over the
government weather station in Portland, in
obedience to orders from Washington. The
signal is a red pennant by day and a red lan
tern b\ night. It is intended that on the ap
proach of a storm with wind at a velocity of
15 miles per hour and upwards, tho signal
is to be displayed, and remain up eight hours
unless a change takes place for tho l atter in
the meantime. The value of the storm sig
nal will be appreciated by the public, as it
perfects the system.
A correspondent of the Lewiston Journal
says that John II. Collins died suddenly at
the residence of his wife’s father in West
Gardiner, on the 21st ult. He was a young
man 28 years of age. He returned from
California about a year and a half ago, after
an absence of some seven years, and was
married last February to a young lady of this
place. He was buried under masonic honors,
Bev. Mr. Moor of Augusta, officiating.
Gen. T. W. Hyde, of Bath, has just eotn
51eted the first castings of an order for the
opsham pulp mill. They consist of the iron
boxes underneath which the stones run.
If you have any young apple trees anil can
have access to forest leaves, it will be a capi
tal time to place a few bushels around each
tree, rhe leaves are wet now and will not
he blown away by the wind, we have found
leaves the best mulch for this purpose of any
thing we have ever seen tried. They keep
the ground loose, and their decomposition
furnishes just the kind of food the trees want.
If an apple tree is good for anything, it is
worth taking care of.
NEWS BY MAIL,.
Governor Hoffman has changed Thanks
giving day to the 30th.
The Public Debt Statement issued from
the Treasury Department, shows a decrease
during the past month of 88,950,491 84 the
coin balance in the Treasury is 808,053,589 23
and the currency balance, 810,283,805 55.
The State department has unofficial advices
from Cuba indicating that the rebellion in
that -island is stronger and more vigorous
now thaii for a long time past.
General George B. Williams of Indiana
lias formally concluded an engagement with
Mori, the Japanese minister, and will go that
country to organize an internal revenue sys
tem. Williams is second deputy commis
sioner of internal revenue at Washington.
A Salt I.ake letter states that Brigham
Young lias instructed Delegate Hooper to
propose to Congress the admission of Utah as
a State, upon the abolition of polygamy, and
the suits now pending against the Mormons
to be witlidr wn.
A Chicago special states that Gov. Palmer
has ordered the Attorney of the State to pro
cure the indictment of Gen. Sheridan and
Col. Prank Sherman, for the murder of Col.
Crosvenor. The ground for the indictment
is, that Chicago was unlawfully placed under
military law.
While removing the dirt from the yard of
Brattle Square Chnrch, the contractor found,
fifteen feet below the surface, a two gallon
jug. It is in an excellent state of preserva
tion, and bore the date of 1777, and the Eng
lish coat-of-arms. The workman made a
slight puncture in it with his pick before dis
covering the article. The jug can be seen at
the office of Mr. Hayes, No. 3 Berkeley street.
—Boston Advertiser.
Some trouble has arisen at South Berwick,
Me., in conneetion with the extension of the
Boston and Maine Kailroad. Two brothers,
David and Benjamin Goodwin, having re
fused the contractors permission to pass over
their land with stone to be used in the exten
sion, an injunction was issued by Judge Tap
ley restraining them from thus obstructing
the contractors. (In Monday another at
tempt was made to cross the land, Mr.
Blake, one of the contractors, tearing down
the fence and driving the team. He was for
bidden to cross by Joshua Goodwin, another
hi other, who attacked the team wtth a club,
breaking it over the heads of oxen. He was
arrested on the spot by Sheriff Warren and
team driven across. The other Goodwins
were also arrested, and refusing to give bail,
were imprisoned. In turn, they have caused
the arrest of the contractors, Blake and
Hatch, for breaking down their fence and
crossing the land.
-Notice to Teachers.
r|MIK Superintending School Committee of Au
X gubtu will be in session at the
Council Chamber, Cavanite Building,
Wednesday, Nov. 8th, at 2 o’clock I*. M., will each
succeeding Wednesday for three weeks, for the
purpose of examining teachers for the winter
schools.
C. F. PENNEY, Supt. School
DAVID CARD ILL, Committee
U :lO. E. WEEKS, 7 of Augusta.
Augusta, Oct. 25, 1871.
oc t'Jti* w2 w 11 w
THE RISING SUN
Stove Polish.
-o
For LRLLIAN'CY, SAVING of LABOR. DURA
BILITY, end CHEAPNESS. UNEQUALLED. Ill
bulk for biove-dealera use at 12 cts. per lb.
MORSE BROS. Prop’s,
octl4-t*wl3w CANTON, Mass,
A RELIABLE SECURITY
The first mortgage
7 PER CENT. GOLD BONDS OF
TIIE
I'urlinglon, Cedar Rapids and Him. R. R.
YIELD OVER 9 PER CENT
in currency, on Subscription Price.
The Chicago, Burlington A Quincy Road has con
traded, bv traffic guarantee, to invent one-hal
taeir giO'S earuings derived from this road, m the
Bom' of lids company which makes a ready mar
ket ut all times for these bonds.
They are a lir.-*C mortgage on a completed road
running through the richest region in the west mak
ing the sliortCbL line from the Ur eat Northwest to
Chicago and St. Louis.
The present eai aings, in the dullest season of the
vear, pay over 1*2 pc, cent on the mortgage debt.
The loan is nearly d.-ced.
The small balance, is now offered at 00 and ac
crued interest in cur.ency, by Banks and Bankers
generally, and
HENRY CLEWS A CO.
32 Wall Street.
HALFORD
LEICESTERSHIRE
TABLE SAUCE,
The Rest Sauce am! Relish
Made in any part of the world
FOR FAMILY USE.
TO BE HAD OF ALL FIRST-CLASS GROCERS
MAI I’Q
VEGETABLE SICILIAN
HAIR
^Renewer
ha* nroved itself to be .lie most pe. preparation
lor the hair ever off nod o the .u'b’io to
Restore Gray Hair to Its Original Color.
a ad create v new growth where it ha* fallen off
j ii oui disea: e or natural decay.
It util prevent the Hair from falling out.
All who use it are unanimous in -warding it the
praise of being the best Hair Prussic extant.
Our Treatise on the Hair sent uoe I v mail.
MAM FACTI RED ONLY r V
U. 1’. II ALL ft CO., Nashua, N. II., Proprietors.
For sale by all druggists. 4w44
Moorlen Morse,
Machinints.
MANIFACTUEEUS OF
Stoam Engines,
Steuui Pumps.
Circular Saw Mills,
Saw Arbors, Shafting, &c.
Also Agents for Jiulaoii’a I’utcnt Governor.
rrintliis Presses,
Mowing Machines.
Fire Engines.
and Hose
repaired at short notice, All job work done as
ordered. JOU PNAL PU1LP1NO,
Water St.. Augusta, Me.
I F. MOOltLEN, F. 11. MOKSK.
oot!2*w2w
1871. FALL and WINTER. 1871.
Woodman, True Co.,
jonuk. ns of
DRY GOODS
-AND—
WOOLENS.
Dave in store and arc constantly receiving THE
L, A TEST ST! EES in
FOREIGN (ii (I DOMESTIC
DRY C OODS,
lii greater variety than ever before offered to the
TKADK IX MAIXII.
Woodman, True C o.,
CORNER MIDDLE PEARL ST.,
POISTI^tJVD, .TMAfJYB.
2m3ti
Scientific and Popular Medical Works
Manhood, Womanhood,
Nervous Diseases,
PUBLISHED nr THE
No. 4 Eulfinch Street, Boston,
(Opposite Revere Ylouae.)
I'r. W. IJ. PARKER, Assistant Physician.
Medical knowledge for r: "body. 260,000 copies told
in i.'jo years.
A Rook for every Man.
THE SCIENCE OF LIFE, OR SELF-PRESERVATION
A Med'cal Treatise on the Cause and Cure of Exhausted
VlTALi;". Pp-.vi.TR* DECLINE IN Ma», NKRVOCS AND
Physical Dst i Hypochondria, and all other diseases
arising from the Errors of Youth, or the Indiscretions or
Excesses of mature years. This is indeed a book for every
man. Price only $1.00. 285 pages, bound in cloth.
A IBook for every Woman,
Entitled SEXUAL PHYSIOLOGY OF WOMAN, AND HER
D'SEAES; or, Woman treated of Physiologically and
Prlho? i.< m Infancy to Old Age, with elegant II
lustrotive Engr. vings. 350 pages, bound in beautiful
French cloth. Price $2.00
A Rook for Everybody.
Flatten’d bv s r*e r^enMon of, ar.il great demand for, the
above v Vr v tre?»li and also to m< -ta great
need of a 'T. r the pu has just published a
no .7 bo d .»g r r dvelv of NEUVOLS AND MEN
TAL DISilt^LS. 130 i>p. ejo h. Price $i 00, or sent
tree on receipt of $3 ibr the other two books, postage paid
These are, beyond all comparison, the moat extraordinary
works on Physiology ever published. There is nothing
whatever that the Married or single, of Either Sex, can
ei' her require or wish to know, but wbat is fully explained
and many matters of the most important and Interesting
charrcter are introducee to which no allusion even can be
f mnd in any other works in our language. All the new
Discoveries cf the author, whose experience is such as
probably nevrr before fell to the lot of any man, are given
in full. No person should be without these valuable books.
“Valuable Books.—We h. ve received the valuable
medic l wo ks pH V bod v iUe fVi body Medical Institute,
i.i e or.. i> o of ;t .u >l end ehouli find aplace in
evrrv in*r' The* s.e rot the cheap order of
phoin* i **!j i 'i«h*dbviiT k>o. kle parties, and
pju l to {.i r to 5 -ft oik s.e written by a
rc. pop <ie:> I;,- *ni*nc ’umnee,esasi iree
of i-u» asr r.-nv ■’.con qrig whitulamenta
b.e co ex' s. T j I >o.. nt sub] is presenteil
a e t d wild i I f r v- v r c i* end. as an ap
peud) r.vnyps 1 'o» pc '.n*? com plaints
•readdeu. —Coot to icr, A'. H.
‘’The anthor of lV> boo one of the mo?t learned and
popular physician* of the d a id is entitled to the grati
tude of our race o.- i V c inv u- >le n oil uction*. It seems
to be his aim ioi b e m n a d women toavoid the cause
of those diser l o w 5 re snbkct, rnd he tells
them ju how rud r to to it ’—Cnronicfe, Farming
ton. Me i,le, Sent. 7.1 ;i0.
O* Either book sent by mail on receipt of price.
N. E. The Au'ho* of the a’ ove named medical works
is the Chief ;sul og Phye’clln of the Peabody Medi
cal Institute, and is so constantly employed in consulta
tion with invald* from all parts of the country, that he
has no time to attend to mere business details. Therefore
all letters should be add-ossod to the PEABODY MEDI
CAL INSTITUTE, or to Dr. W. H. PARKER, the Medi
cal Assistant of the Author, and his Business Agent, who,
as well as the Author himself, may be consulted on all
diseases requiring skill, secrecy and experience
Inviolable Secrecy and Certain Relief. Iy-w45
Thljls pn age of inquiry and people are
Degiiming to nv'iize Die magnitude of the
svil cans'-! Dm use of injurious compounds
’or the b a if, which are prepared and forced
h o market, h» men who are not practical
icians, ami who may not he awaro of tho
•‘.ny they are producing. These prepara
havo been am 1/red by competent chcm
and i hotvn to contain poisonous eub
rn.es, cm iug Nervousness,Headache, Par-'
ami cUc.u fptal results.
It coutr.’ t with such injurious articles, wo
-Union lo ilia Ilair Restorer prepared
P. tii rene, Superintendent of tho Bos
Ui 1 In unite, who has been a euc
•1 p T-yit km iu Eo.ton ler more than
cr o, a century. Dr. Greene uses Veg
.able Reucdii r uly.and can assure the pub
lic that this ilair Rc lover will do all that is
claimed for it, without a possibility of injury.
■‘J have led a sample of l>r. Greene’e Ilair
.err, a.rl jiad that no poisonous metals or
,\i r i it.
T. JACKSOIT, State Assayer."
’j ito u c a. this Ilair Restorer for twenty
.o yc i» Jus tc ted its superiority as adress
ud i;s prtver 10 preserve the hair and
i lie. lihy condition. It removes
prevents the hair from foiling off,
r crvi it s natural color, testores it when
tire’/ gray, t enders it soft and glossy,
o tes i t heal.hy growth, and is tho best
iu„ nig ever discovered. While other prep
ions pio sold at almost any price, Dr.
-.(’>‘ne's it ir Rcctorcv lias sustained its good
.’.dit e i> h nud its reputation. It is
t* c/' L 't. t ceno at die Medical In
i, f uo’e Pi; c, Boston, and gold at
vi er L’c.lls, e.‘ D Jsr S>5, or gent by ex
p .sa to any pr t C; t„e country. Pamphlet
sou. free. At .'.-c-s Dr. K. Greene, 84 Teat
t.’e Plac- r Mass.
sul 1 liy I., it. 11 lUU.'lil, Druggist, Augusta.sole
“seut lor I>r. Orecue’s Hair Restorer untl si-rofulu
Synijo
Maine Steamship Company
SEW ARUAStiEMKST l
Semi Weekly Line.
O? rnd after the 18th Inst., tho
i 8 uMfi HIPlLiO and
1 CO ‘A i rn il further
r d-imn olto"**:
Leave O.ilt’i V/li •very lionday and
TlmrKdav; >o rvu leave Pier 38, Kat>t
Rive’-. ouuuv ami Tuurbuny at 3
o*do©
Too V d T <©ma aie fitted vn with fine
am* ut. e. uipww»~ thi* the
moht r o '©.ore >r travel
[lor* Yc 1 1. i e. I*. wiuiae in
Stj e L'-v t*. J. C. a fil.ft). Meal*
CooC* ro oi* f om Montreal, Quebec,
Hid*,,* ,.‘c *r Ilaloe.
S t t* ..dUiif'i-lir'yht to the
f! ©i1 d f'ii, iC Iy; o'i i tie «J. vs that they
leave Po o er apply te
Hi. .iJY FOX t W».a Poxotrud.
J. F. AMK*, 1* 0. 38Eiut River, New Y'ork.
Portland. Ma» 20 L08. Irl1