|ljc |ljkago |nbn«l.
Thursday, octobbe is. isn.
Tme Chicago TBiamns has opened Its offices at
Vo. 15 South Canal street. West Division, and the
taper will hereafter be regularly Issued from that
place tm farther notice.
.i To Advertisers.
We devote all the space we can possibly spare
to advertisers in tbls moraine's paper, and
those who find that their advertisements are left
oat will pardon it to the necessity of giving a
i»»r portion of our columns to the reading pub
h'e. The demand for intelligence is not only in
satiable, but It is absolutely necessary to the
welfare of the people and the city that snueh of
that which we publish should no to the pnblie.
We divide oar space between the reader and the
advertiser, and that is the best we can do for
both clanes. The advertiser will understand
that the earlier in the dsy he tires ns what he
wishes to have published, and the smaller the
rpsee into which be condenses it. the more
likely it is to find a place incur columns. ..t.
To Our Conutrr Subscribers.
Ws have received many letters of inquiry from
oar country subscribers desiring information as
to the probable time wben we shall* be able to
supply them with The Tbibukc, us of old. We
reply at the very earliest possible moment. The
principal difficulty in the way now is the Chicago
Post Office, which is unable to distribute onr
paper for (he mails, owing to the disarrangement
of their system uf doing that work. Another
difficulty, which will causa some dolay, is the
destruction of the machinery used in our office
for putting the names of the subscribers upon
the potters. These are the leading dif-
Acuities in the way; but wo hope this will be
remedied within a very few days, when we shall
'-he in shape to resume our relations with our
country subscribers. In thetaeantlmo, although
the capacity of our power press is limited, we
hopo each day to send a few thousand copies of
The Tribune into the country by train boys- We
beg the indulgence ot our country friends, as
suring them that no effort within human power
will be spared to bring perfect order ont of the
present chaos.
4ST*We have full and perfect copies ofour sub*
sedption lists.
THE TRIBUNE BUILDING.
4 server of The Tribune
building made by Burling, the archi
tect, shows that few of the "walls or floors
will require to be taken down in order to
render.lt habitable again. It is believed
that an expense of fifty thousand dollars
will rebuild the damaged portions. Wc
shall commence rebuilding as soon as the
_ plans and specifications can be drawn.
UNDER JURY-MASTS.
We must stilt ask the forbearance of
our friends under circumstances which
we can net altogether control and which
they do not altogether understand. The
demand for The Tribune is from 50,000 to
60,000 copies a day and we can not pos
ibly supply one-third of that number.
The paper has been printed for the last
week with such type as we could sud
denly lay our bands on, aided by a tamely
supply from our friends in Cincinnati.
and the press-work has had to be
done on two inefficient one-cylinder
presses. instead of the' two
eight-cylinder presses which were at our
command before the fire. In our thus
poorly appointed and extemporized office,
and with these two small presses, the paper
has been daily published under extreme
difficulties. Nor has'this been our only
trouble... Our neighbor of the Evening
Journal was as destitute as ourselves, and
such conveniences and appliances as we
could command wc cheerfully, of course,
gave them the use of With that
paper webavo taken turn and turn about,
night and day, wsUi our scanty type and
small presses, thus, in fact,
issuing two daily journals with materials
altogether inefficient for the demands of
our own. Under such circumstances wc
shall not appeal in vain to the good-fccl
ing and forbearance of our friends, both
readers and advertisers. Our new type is
already received and will soon be in place.
Preparations arc rapidly making for put
ting up a new four-cylinder press which
in a few days will be in position, and then
wc shall be in condition to meet all the
demands upon its. Wc crave patience
while we sail under jury-masts.
UNION PASSENGER DEPOT,
the sale ortTic'frrountf' on tnc norm efid'oi
l.ake Park to the railway companies for
tho erection of a great passenger station
for all tbe railways entering tbe city, a
project has been started for erecting sucb
a depot in tbe Vest Division.
A depot of tbe character proposed would
cost not less than three millions of dollars.
As the city grows and extends outward
beyond its present limits, tbe difficulty
and delay in reaching a depot on a level
with the streets, and crossing a street
every three hundred feet, will increase,
and the consequent interruption to traffic
on the streets will, in time, become exas
perating to tbe public. The history of
such city depots in New York has been
that every few years tbe railways
have been compelled to move
away from their down town sta
tions and go farther out. Ten
years ago the depot of the Hudson River
i Railway was at Chambers street. Now it
is at Thirtieth street, and in a short time it
will be still farther away. Ten years ago
the depot of the New Haven Railway
was at Canal street, and that of the Har
lem Railway at White street Now they
arc at Twenty-seventh street, and arc pre
-1 paring to take another flight ‘But to
abandon a three million-dollardopot; which:
cannot be used for any other purpose,
is a different thing from selling out
property which is available for other
uses. If Chicago shall spread out later
ally as fast in the next ten years as in the
past ten, it will take the trains on the Fort
Wayne Road two hours lo nm from En
-1 to their present station. In order
ring all4bcrailways to a common cen
tre at any other place than oh the lake
bore, a perfect wilderness of tracks will
need to. be provided, and these will be a
constant and increasing jeopardy to life
and limb. If each street is “viaducted”
the property-owners must be com
pensated for damages, as provided
by -the new constitution, such
damage to .be ascertained by a
iury. If the railways attempt to depress
Jicir tracks below the sevrers, their road
■_: 3 will fill with water and require to be
ept dry by pumping.
On the lake shore none of these difficuh
b are to be encountered. Trains can
3e run at the highest rate of speed with
out jeopardizing life or properly, and the
uture growth cannot add future'ohslroc-
to tbennslncss of the roads. The ad-
antages of that situation are so marked
.hat there is* no comparison possible hc
ween it and any other locality in or
iround thd clty.
THE CAHAL BILL.
One house of the Legislature baa passed
bill to relieve the canal of the lieu upon
resources by refunding to the city of
—-Jhicago two and one-half millions'of dol
rs expended on it, with interest, amount
ng in all to $2,955,340. This sum.is to be
*_ed by tbc'saic of State C per cent,
J payable after ten years. The bonds
be delivered to Chicago, November
ae-fifth, nor more than one-third of said
f ondß, shall be applied-to the reconstruct
on of bridges, and of public buildings do
;*d by;fire, upon the original sites,
ad the.remainder shall be applied Hlo the
.Tentbf the Interest, on the bonded
:bti. and' tho mwotenance of the'polic'd
id fire departments.
The bill will probably pass the State Son-
withont change. It appears that the
egislatnre agrees with the Governor that
e spiritvof the CrartUntioo rembrace
I
such a calamity as tbat which bas befallen
ibis city, in the special causes warranting
the Slate in an increase of the debt be
yond $250,000. The bill* leaves iho debt
standing against the city—principal and
interest —but it gives us the money for
present uses, when we have no other
means of raising it
WHAT IS SPARED US.
Our columns have been so extensively
occupied daring the past week with re
ports of the enormous losses of life and
property In the late fire, that there is some
danger that the damage sustained will be
over-estimated. True, we have seen 2,500
acres in the most central portion of the
city swept bare, 20,000 buildings destroyed,
and 100,000 persons rendered homeless,
the total pecuniary loss being not less
than $300,000,000; but we have still a
great deal left. We may roughly estimate
the situation as follows:
Above 50,000 persons have left the city;
population remaining 260,000.
Five grain elevators wore burned, with
1,600,000 bushels of grain; leaving us
with eleven grain warehouses intact, con
taining 5,000,000 bushels.
One half of our stocks of pork products
were burned up, with the same proportion
of flour.
Of lumber, 50,000,000 feet were burned;
the stock remaining is 240,000,000 feet
Of coal 80,000 tons were burned up; we
Have 79,000 tons on hand.
Our stock of leather was decreased one
quarter, the valuo.of that burned np being
$95,000.
The greater portion of tbo stocks of gro
ceries, dry goods, and boots and shoes
were burned up, with more than one half
the ready-made clothing; but the quanti
ties destroyed were scarcely equal to more
than a three weeks 1 supply, and arc now
being rapidly replaced.
Not more than 10 per cent of tbo cur
rency was destroyed, by the fire; we have
30,000 houses left standing, and our real
estate could not burn up.
A careful average of these larger items*
with smaller ones that need not be cun
tnerated,-shows that the city of Chicago
has suffered a loss of not less than 20,
nor more than 25 per cent, on her
total assets—real and personal. Thcloss
is a great one; but, so.far from irretrieva
ble, that we may confidently hope to see a
return to former prosperity ere long. The
ratio of increase during the past thirty-four
I years has averaged 10 1-2 per cent per an
num. This rale would restore the status
of a mouth ago, within three years. Making
every due allowance for*the terrible set
back experienced, there can be no doubt
that five years hence, at most, the exhibit
of population, wealth, commerce, and
manufactures will be greater than a mouth
ago. Already the city is rising from its
ashes at a rapid rate, thanks to the large
hearted liberality of our countrymen
everywhere, and the resistless energy of
our. own citizens. Let the faint-hearted
ones take courage; the real workers have
not wasted a moment in regret; after they
have repaired their losses there will be no
occasion for it
TEMPORARY SHELTER
W. S. Johnston, Esq., of Luke -Forest,
writes to Mr. FarwcU stating that he owns
200 lota on Milwaukee avenue and vicin
ity, and ho offers the free rent of these for
three years for tbe purpose of erecting on
them cheap houses for the homeless. The
committee of the Aid Society having in
charge the matter of relief arc industri
ously at work, seeking out all those who
have been rendered homeless by the fire,
and, according to the circumstances of
each cose, furnishing them with lumber,
nails, and the other material necessary to
tbe construcliou of cheap bat comfortable
habitations. There is, of course, a nat
ural desire on the part of many
to have these buildings upon the sites
of the old homes, and, whenever the needy
sufferer is. the owner of the lot, this desire
most be gratified. In all cases tbe proper
ly in building is retained. The cost of the
materials is really a loan to the sufferer.
A proper regard for public. safety requires
some system in tbo location of these build-
UUih Hst °'sGUfro c co2iifagra\mn fl. T '°st
should never bo admitted that these struc
tures are to become permanent The oc
cupants should be encouraged to look for
ward in the spring, or as soon thereafter,
as possible, to finding some other bouse
provided with all the sanitary comforts and
conveniences, and to leave these temporary
structures as soon as their wages
will authorize them to do so. All
thought of pauperism ought to bo dis
couraged. Every mutt to whom one of
these dwellings shall be given should be
enrolled as a laborer, mechanic, or work
man in some form, and made self-sup
porting. To widows there will necessarily
have, in addition to a building, to be
given supplies daring the winter, but even
in such cases there ought, to be cmplov
ment given in some form. Suffering and
want must bo prevented shelter must bo
furnished to ever}- homeless i person but
there must be no mendicancy in any form,
save where from sickness or other disabil
ity it may bo unavoidable. The offer of
Colonel Johnston is a liberal one and
ought to be accepted; other gentlemen
owning unoccupied land might make
similar offers, that the committee may
erect the buildings as rapidly as they are
Applied for.
ATROCIOUS FABRICATIONS
The papers of the Eastern cities are
publishing personal experiences of persons
professing to have been sufferers by the
fire in this city. These stories are for tbie
most part fabrications. The,descriptions
given of murders and rapes by bullies,
thieves, and ruffians,during the progress of
the tire, arc wretched inventions. A re
spectable Kew York paper gives room to
a long recital of the narrow escape of 200
abandoned.women from their lodgings in
Reynolds Block. The pictures of ob
scenity and profanity arc drawn by an ex
pert, but arc wholly destitute of truth. -No
women of that, or any other class, occu
pied-rooms in that block/ The fire was
horrible enough in'all its details;: there
»was a full aharprof.Tbc selfishness' and
bcurtlcssuoss peculiar to human nature;
there were frequent cases of drunk
enness and indifference to the im.
pending calamity, but there was
no general brutality, fiendishness,
nor crime. f l be thousand stories of in
cendiarism and crime during the progress
of the fire are gross exaggerations, per
versions or pure
was liuks time for:stealing,; the firefwas
too close upon the heels of holiest men
and thieves, and but little even of what
was stolon could be carried off.
Tbo news of the fire brought hither
thousands of thieves from other cities bul
rhesc did not reach hero uutil Wednesday
and Thursday, and by -that time public
vigilance had been arroosed, and* their
stay was short and unprofitable. The
suffering of our people was terrible
enough; it needs ,no exaggeration to
make it the most extensive scene of hu
man misery; but for the credit of common
humanity :we desire to stamp these ato
nes of murder and other no less atrocious
crimes as false in every particular.
BACK OTKBBB&
We hare received numerous letters, and
telegrams asking for complete filcs~dr
Tbk Tribuke from the date.*of the fire.
We arc unable to supply even so
much os a single number. Every copy
which we have been able to print has bceu
snatched up by eager purchaser! the men
ment it has come-from the Scss-.: We.
could have sold four times as many if we
could have printed them, and of the first
number, containing the report of the fire,
ten times as many as we could print The
best we can do toward furnishing the out
side world with any farther information
than It has already obtained fs to advise
people in the city who have saved copies
to send them to their friends abroad, un
less they hold them too precious to part
with them at all. At all events, no copies
should be wasted or destroyed, for they
furnish, in their advertisements as well as
reading matter, the most complete and
graphic history that cap possibly be made,
of the direful period through which we
we have been passing We understand
that the Post Office is now forwarding
newspapers, after the week’s interruption
of that traffic. 'Everybody who owns a
Tiubcke of the pastor present week ought
carefully to lay it by or send it to bis
friends. Wo shall bo glad to gel back all
the copies obtainable at our counters.
Letter from lion. C. Lamed.
At the time of the fire In this city Uoa. C.
Lamed, the well-known lawyer, was In Provi
dence, R, I. As there was a hearty disposition
to contribute fnnds for onr relief, but some
doubts as to the proper persons to whom such
relief should be sent, Mr. Lamed sent the fol
lowing letter to the Providence Journo?, which
bad the efieetto bring ont donations in the most
liberal manner:
Pbovidsnck, Oct. 14.1872.
To tie Editor of tie Daily Journal:
A« there I? naturally a great solicitude felt by
the public respecting the lately and proper ap
plication of the large amount* wbleb are being
<o generously contributed to the* relief of the
suffering people of Chicago, it will, doubtless,
afford great satisfaction to those contributing to
know that the persons l-> and through -whom
these funds are to be transmitted and distributed
are men of character and integrity. I have been
a citizen of Chicago for more than twenty years,
and bare been for many yean well acquainted
with Colonel R. B. Mason. Mayor. David A.
Qage, Cily Treasurer. aod'C. O. P. Jlvlden,'
Treasurer of tbo Relief Committee, atad know
them to bo gentlomeo of high character and un
sullied intetrUy. Every dollar .which iacn-,
trusted to either of them will' be os .safe as it
would be in tbo bands of any of your most trust
worthy citizens, and will be carefully and faith
folly applied to throbject for which it is donat
ed. lam about to leave for Chicago, and shall
take pleasure unou my arrivingtbere In inform
ing yourTlelicf Committee'more folly in reg&yd
to the arrangements whleb have been made, and
as to any special needs which shall require to
Ibe met. Very respectfully, B. 0. Lscsed.
Telegraphic Brevities,
—la Belfast, on Tuesday, £3,000 was .sub-'
scrih*d for the retie! of Chicago.
—There is much cariosity in' San Francisco
concerning the local insurance companion. It it
feared that only the Union will' be able to meet.
iU demands in full and continue business with
its capital unimpaired.
—A ladies’reliegoociely for the Chicago suf
ferers was formed in the upper part of New
York city last Saturday, They propose keeping
ihe society in existence until its need ceases.
The headquarters are 073 Broadway.
—Donations of money and supplies are still lib
erally offered in New York for the relief of the
people of Chicago. The total of these collections
tf the city is 81.280,000. Subscriptions are also
going on lor the relief of the sufferers from fires
in the Western forests.
—The Enterprise Insurance Company, of
Philadelphia, has not suspended, as reported
—The report that the First National Insurance
Company, of Hartford,' has suspended is incor
rect.
—The Atlantic Fire insurance Company of.
Brooklyn has suspended business, in conse
quence of Chicago loss*?. Its liabilities* aggre
gate 8500,000; assets, $557,000. The Directors pro
fess confidence to be able to resume in a few
Weeks.
Cbanoey Bedell haa boon appointed Re
ceiver of the Manhattan Insurance Company of
New York. President Palmer, it Is said, is re
moved, ardholds possession of the securities of
tbo eoneern.
M. Laboulsye.the well-known Irien'd of Amer
ica, has been appointed Chairman of tbo Chicago
Relief Committee formed by -the citizens cf
France. In aceordanco with the iostraotions of
•be committee bo has iisned an address calling
fir contributions, and saying that .although
Francois poor she desires to show her gratitude
sad make some practical return for tbo fraternal
sympathy shown Jier in her misfortunes by tbo
people of the United State*.
—ln tbe Episcopal Convention at Baltimore,
yesterday, tbe committee on Canons report ad
against providing for tbe organisation of n Court
of Appeals in tbe Cburcb. which would bo in
conflict with tbe constitution, Tbey.wcrc not
prepared to recommend any alteration
to meet tbe difficulty, Tbe minor
ity report also submitted an amendment
to tbe constitution providing.for such court,
composed of Bishops only, for the review of all
questions determined in tbo diocesan court
which involve the doctrine, or ritual, nr con*
ttraelinn of tbo canons of tbe General Conven
tion. None bat Bishops shall pronounce ad
monition, suipemion, or degradation from tbe
ministry. Action on the subject was deferred
•ill Friday.
—Prince Frederick William and Princess Vic
toria. recognizing tbe cordial sympathy shown
in America f»r the German soldiers daring the
late war. contribute five hundred thalers to the
relief of Chicago.
—lt was reported yesterday that Justice Lcd
wttb, heretofore prominent in the anti-Tam
many ref-rm movement in New York city, bnd
been captured by tbe Tammany loaders on tbo
ntomise of a nomination for tbo Judgeship of
the Supreme Court.
—Az a convention held at Cairo, yesterday.
George Morse, of Mound City, was nominated
as Republican candidate for Senator, to fill tbe
vacancy emsed by tbe death of S. Gibson.
—A number of the old creditors of Tweed are
*bout to prosecute their claims against him.
—A despatch from R. D. Harrriion, Chair
man of tbe Republican State Committee at Co
lumbus, Ohio, dated 18th Inst., gives tbo fol
lowing oz tbe summing up of tbe results in Ohio:
Senate—Republican. 18; Democrats. IS, House
-Thirteen Republican majority, Governor-
Estimating majority tit counties not fully re
ported same as last year, with returns at band,
tnako Noyes’ majority 23,000. likely to be more
rslher than lass.. The Lieutenant Governor has
ouahi of cnaiinaau has aulhor-
teachers of tbe District and imermedi-
Atobchools to invito all the scholars* to contrib
ute to Chicago, Wisconsin, and Michigan relief,
ind also opened the schools .here to Chicago
children temporarily, on account cf the calami
ty-. highly Catholic children have arrived from
Cbtcsgo, committed to. tbe Archbishop's care.
--Carl Schurz delivered an address in Louis
rillelast night. The house was densely packed
and hundreds went away unable to gntin. He
was frequently and heartily applauded. He
commenced by saying that bo stood on wbat was
mce the dividing lino between the two sections
ind addressed himself to both at tbe same time,
tie proceeded to declare himself in favor of that
political school which devoted itself
to tbo success of a principle in prefer
ence to that which only sought
tbe success of a party. He thought tbe appre
hensions hit by each parly in regard to tbe pur
poses of the other not entirely unfounded. Too
disturbing influence of these fears was a source
of trouble to.counteract them. The Democrat
mould not dream of overthrowing the amend
ments to the constitution. The
people of the booth should repress dis
orders and tnk* away the excuse of intervention
bv iboledersl fJovcrnment. The pebpieot the
fcortb should bo governed by tbo cinstUulional
tasrantees. repudiate the plunderers who op
press thei Sooth, and should welcome the dispoti
ton on the part ot tbe South to renew fraternal
feeling, and respect tbo rights of al». Only thus
will tbe results of tbe war be peacefully andsue
ceesiully developed.
—Collector Murphy prints a card defending
rnm Uj® charges heretofore preferred by
the Tribune. Having written this statement, bo
leave* tbe subject forever. The
mbune publishes transcripts from the Register’s
office, showing Murphy’s connection with the
real estate transfer of Tweed. The latest trans
lation ts dated October? last.
—A pablie mteting in Cincinnati yesterday in
ud pf the sufferers in Michigan and Wisconsin,
beside appointing a committee to solicit sub
scriptions. requested the Common Council to ap
propriate SIO.OOO. The Chamber of Commerce
•ppropriated 81,000.' Tbe policeman gave
?3, ™»kine S9,OQd. for the same object.
Mile. Nilsspnjtad another great triumph last
night, at tbe Boston Theatre, which waa crowd
ed to repletion. Inspired by so vast an assem
hUuott excelled all previous effort* in
,j clt aa created an enthusiasm unexam
pled. The receipts amounted to *8.300.
ck tv “2? l'*w«oger steamer R. G. Coborn, of
KbarWard s Lake fcaperiop Line, foundered in
nagtnaw Bay last. Sunday. Seven of ths crew
and three passengers are known to hare been
wo with flfficcr# and the balance
«r tbe crew, ore missing. The -Coburn was on a
voyage from Dofoth to Bsffalo. with 12,000
oushe.s of wheal and 3.000 barrels of flour. She
was valued at 880,000. Insured lor SoODOO.
—The safe oi the Railway Hutel and the Sus
quebanU N. Y., dep »t waa robbed of 830,700 on
aunJay nlgbf. ITtc funds was tbe money of tbe
£nc Railway, deposited in the safe by tbe par
master.
—Tho Anertcm yaabt Colombia was araio
rictonoo# ovor Aibory’# yaahl Kiruaia in ibe
r»o« over Lour Island Sound yesterday.
—Ravoone offievr*. supported by rover omen I
J®ow, mad* a raid yesterday morning on the
ihcit distilleries to Brooklyn. They captured
still* and much other property.
“Tbo Alps Insurance Company ol Erie, Pa.,
""‘.T.! 1 4,1 ,tj Cbieaco lo«os-aboat*150.0CO.
,r. T h«*e Twilirht. laden with lumber,
drilled ashore near Kincardine, Oat., last uiebt.
All bands cone, supposed to hare P.Tbhed.
It appear* that tho nomber of 'revenue offi
cers in U>e country has been reduced to
ireioit 5.K50 in December, 186 a.^ 1
“The Commerce Insurance Company, of Al
bany, has increased tu capital stock SJOu.OOO. and
resolved to continue basinets.
~7™* •choonert Lucy Anohard.of Alronae,
Mlchican. and Mary Thompson. ofCbieaso. are
•shore at Point Albert. K‘n lives lust.
-The deciding same of ib«
♦erica between the Mutuals, of Sc* York, and
the Athletics, of Philadelphia, was played yes
unlay. The Athletics took the lead and kept It
••utfieidin* and outbattlnr their opponents. The
.core etood 1U to 7 in favor ot the PhUadcl-
Rditl l?uq?| CIO C Qb rsty for tho Cbiearo
’.—Tho final ratification by i'rance of the treaty
with Germany; has been despatched to Berlin'
.By the terms of the treaty six departments will
oo evacuated-by the Germans, and are de
clared neutral territory in a military
point of new, until the stipulated payments of
indemnity ware completed. Burin? that time
hose departments ays not lobs occupied by
French troop#, and should franae not fulfill her
financial obUyktums they will be reoccupied by
the Germans. t
--In view ofthe result of'the recent elections
to Pennsylvania and Ohio, the Flmbnrwb JW
comr.^aiJoadoable ic»dtd leader., declaring,
tor Thomas A, Semt for Prwdaot, as tho man to
iarrr Peonsylvanu ayafast Grant by an over
•helming majority-
'The pins fire Insurance oumpanies'of Hart- r
ford, aiuce their orranizatioo, bare paid losses
of over fifty-nine miUiunsj' ThJ Chlesro fire
insurance amounts to aeveu or eight miliums.
-The fifth and deciding ysme for the base ball
championship senes., between the Bostons and
Mutual*, w»« played in Boston on Tuesday. Tae
Mutest was so ofaso that eleven innings bad to
bo played. Tha Bostons were the winner* by a
vecro offivo to foar.
.-Cbancollor Zslnakee. New Jersey, fits dfr
cidcd inlavofY/ the lease of the
®f hmp 19 the Pennsylvania Rail
road Company; ao(f thp order to restrain th«
comptnivi IVOR} e?ccotjDg™be Teplo been
raca.ee,
.7T>o New York 'Chamber of Commerce Be
-1 i- T o 1 0 ha* appropriated 515.000 for the
relief of A.bieacn. Two thousand pounds-eteri
tDff. tbe contribution of Sheffield, was naidstver
to tn e committee yesterday.
irMlrf.SJS.oio for lh« relief of
Obicsgo and oorihwo Mtcbijia and Wiicomi
—Scboan*rli A. liorten .tfilbaceeiep
xeelerdar. end vtacd reccjiUun wol siren her
CTtff fay the citizens of ItnlaTTO.] ft.'X.SC'IIJ
TOE CITY OF CHICAGO.
Tbe General Situation of Affairs
—Sheridan’s Headquar
ters Deserted.
Absurd Misstatements—Excitement
Over Four Pieces of Coin-
Characteristic Incidents.
Insurance Items—That Cow and
Lamp Story—The-Custom-
House and Post Office.
AGeucrons Offer-—The Mayor
After Stolen Property-
Water we Drlnb.
The General Situation.
The sorest indication yet afforded of renewed
public confidence is found in tbe comparative
desertion of General Sheridan's headquarters by
thocrowdof citizens who a few days ago com
pelled too placing of a guard at the General's
andienco-room. There is a perceptible and
grateiul failing off !o the number of exelted
cit sens of German extraction who used to de--
m&nd guards of soldiers In their neighborhoods.
in tho name of the citizens and tax-payers of
tho Eighth Ward.” Of coone all manifestatiens
oflunacy like this were proper outgrowths of
tbcflraanditsexeitement.bat it a cheerful
sign of tbe times that people have resumed at
tention to their own pursuits, and left the incen
diaries to take caxe of themselves. In reference to
this latter class of individuals the General Is
incredulous anil desires, proof. Tbo.ybole con
dition of tbe city has received the careful atten
tion of the military, and the resnlt'is pronounced
very satislaotory by Genera! Sheridan. The water
supply Is specially a matter of rejoicing, and the
state of things In the South Side mains yester
day pleased everybody. Water began' to be
found early in tbo morning; and before neon it
flowed from tbo second story pipes., all over tha
South Side.: Tho' fact was differently apprecia
ted by different parsons; but toe generally ex
pressed -feeliogr'was- unec of satisfaction
that tho means of -qooDoblng ffrea „was
once .more at. Hand. The /works fbr. sup
plying-water have'been-fovpeeled
.General and other army officers and pronounced
satisfactory. Intimately connected with tbe
•atrrand fire question is the increase in the
efficiency of
THE VIBX DErABTJiKNT
by'toeadditton of six new steam'fire engines
just arrived from New York. -With this help no
further apprehensions need be entertained as to
the fires oltoafuture. v The department is now
in fully as gooil condition as before toe flreraod
should-be--mere ••efficient, -inasmuch-.as• it-bas
much-lesa grouDd to cover, a
i, t tub gab surptr
is now'tfao j one'thine oeedlul to content the
tsoato-f'Wcrri'-They look with •much anxietyfof
tbe decadence of tbo ot. candles and kero
sene, and long for a connection with the yet oh
iDjnred North Side-Works. Geveral’fihendan is
anxiously looking for.a feasible method oi
making'.the' required transit of the river, end
hopes that bo may supply tho South {Side in a
wook.
The Cow that Kicked Over the Lamp.
A reporter of The Tribune called upon Mrs.
Leary, of N0.137 B-Kovea.xlreet« in whose barn
originated the fire, which destroyed the city of
Chicago on last Sunday night and Monday morn
ing. It was the intention to interview her
causa of the firw, and. ascertain alt.
about IbptVeov which kicked over the lamp,"
Sbenaudthat tbis story was' falsoj iha dldmot
go into the barn with a kerosene lamp; she did
not milk at night; and •jbp-did .not know how
the fire started. Sbe-waa asleep when the alarm
war given, and was awakened by a neighbor,
who rapped on the door and told her that the
stable was on fire. When asked bow her home,
which is not even scorched, was saved, she re
plied (hat there was a hydrant on etch side ol
it. and a hundred of her friends filled backets
with water and threw it on the sides and roof of
too banding.
Absurd Misstatements.
-The columns of tho New York papers teom
with false and exaggerated accounts of the sum
mary punishment meted out to thieves and
plunderers during the progress of tho fire in
Chicago. Among otb*r absurd misstatements is
narrative of one George W. Smith, said to
have kept a eigar store at No. IHS Van Buren
s'reet. who appears to have found his way to
New York, and is attracting, large bar-room au
diences there by describing some of the scenes
wbioh came under his observation. According
t'» Mr. Smith, be was sworn in as a special po
lieooiau. and, with four others, was detailed for
doty at tho largo jewelry establishment of Miller
«kCo., on tho corner of Clark and Randolph
streets. “Early on Tuesday afternoon,” says
the Now York .Sun,—and It should be noted that
this was about forty hours after the conflagration
had visited and devastated the locality in quta
ion—“Mr. Smith was talking with Mr. Miller,
when ho saw R *rne&- Aaron standing on the side
walk.” Tbo Sun goes on with the story:
“Mr. Milter,’ aaid Smith, there’* a notorious
S«w\ork thief, Barney Aaron, his name Is. I’ve
<eru him at xperriag exhibition*. and know him
well. Urtter kevp ».n eye on lrim;“
Mr. Smith bed vrn Uarney Aaron at a sparring
exhibition at a saloon in New York. He had auoseea
him in saloon on LaSalle street, in Chicago.
Five ininutrs aftnr this (he roof of UUler’astore
took fire, and lUrary Aaron attempted to force hie
way into the establishment through tbs side door lo
Clark street. A number of gentlemen were Handing
near the door, and demanded Aaron’s authority far
rntoriug the store. Ybe New York politician replied
that was employed by Miller A Co., and wa* en
deavoring to save soar* of the stock. He was pu-hod
back and was soon loßt Iu the crowd.
Twenty minutes afterward Miller’s store we* lo
full blaze. Iu the con fusion which ea«ned. Aaron
*nd a companion made their way Into the store..Tor.
a short tltpo Mr. Smith’* attention was diverted
trom Miner’* establishment. Vfttru heJooksd io
that direction again, he saw Hazaey Aaron lo (he
hsndsoffotir citlaeoe taking him from
the store.- Behind him,wore three men dragging mo
unknown ruffian, who was m*id by some to be Joe
HutU, of New York. They were haolsd to a lamp
post at Clark and Kandolph streets, and a bait was
called. No oat bad a-ropo.
Soon an old gray-haired tnan, who wore the badge
a special, stepped forward with flaO'i
mittco that had charge of Aeroti end his comoenjon’
i ti a fow minuto* more the tragedy was over
A nirablo citizen climbed the Umn-post and tliooed
the rope over the projecting nil. Tbospecisl police
attempted to interfere, bat were reraised by the
grrat crowd wnlch bed assembled. Uarney Aaron
died demanding a trial by jury and begging /or his
life. HUcompanien cursed aad ebarigaad hi*exe
cutioners to perdition with his last breath. Tbs
lives of the two men would have breti spared bad It
not been tor the violence of Aaron’s companion.
•Before In# men were dead Mr. Smith wa* called
mTV’ ti Wl o i lß n roturac l h mD binraltsrward
hanging* disappeared, hut tbo rape was still
In LaSalle street Mr. Smith saw the body of a
f V? u w l l *bnagljt be recognized as a New York
k P
A Golden Excitement.
A Captain of the United States Army, who it
at present stationed in this city, was somewhat
excited yesterday by th"lntimation of agovern
mont official that be (the Captain) bad several
gold pieces, which had been tak-n from the Cus
tom House, in his possession. Detective Loner
s’* of the United btates Secret Service, bad
been informed by a cigar-dealer on State street,
hat the officer-bad ’exhibited; while In bis shoo,
lour gold pieces, and Louerean at once conclnd*
ed that they must bar© been taken from the
anb-Tressury safe., lie reported the fact to the
agent, and that gentleman seat a brief com
munication to General Sheridan, which
somewhat reflected upon the honesty ol
th« Captain. The latter, upon learning this fad.
exiled as the Custom llonso. in company with
Colonel Sheridan, and,satisfactorily explained
•!T. l u^Vl oDcy cam B ulto Possession. lla
said that U was found »n a cartridge-box belong
jng to a member of hi# company, and that the
f*ft b at i been reported.to General Forsyth The
ratnUy th. police. Whan .enrolled SICO in
eold.was found in his pockets. In anawor u
‘questions as to where, ho got it. be said be had
given a<iti»«Dg]6o in greenbacks for ll.'Tbe
Captain searched him again when he wasbrought
into camp, and found four more gold pieces
in bis cartridge boi. The Orit sergeant of the
company asserts that Iho soldier Aad SR» In
greenbacks before he reached Chicago. It I*
not believed that the money was taken from the
Custom House,as.there hare been soldiers on
-guard there since it was destroyed, and watch
men to look after the soldier*, and see that they
•ere not direhet in their duty. The arrested
rtwtWttmS; ,t ,loncd n l k««w*
Characteristic Incidents.
AUho-EaUSuLooisdepot oa .U«t Monday
evening. considerable confusion occurred amonr
tbs. pauencers who were boarding the passenger
f£*i* a r r Chicago* by individual. carpet-bag
in hand, and very inech -excited? shoring and
pushing ibo crowd to his desperate efforts tn
reach the cars. He crowded aside and elbowed
men, women, and children, making nuisance
of himself generally. Finally a gentleman
whose ribs Lad .been-crushed by-tbe cxeftad
man s elbowr. and bis temper ruffled br the an.'
h» r^^ o OUS t m V i a r in b »d been
bustled, inquired in sharp tones
IcUowT* t UietieT,liltb<, tt lt r wUh yoa 0,3
ft.-. t°* y ®n. thereli plenty' of time—
the trats does doc start for tea minutes; and
w?iitYhai h tmi5 r ,eTeral olher P®ol lb here woo
Excited Individual.. **l <husf' ret that
m, d m^.”' XCd 1,1 pSititSSl
is the necfuitr of
r °iu r Chicago by"anyway?"
Man in a Hurry,“ utmost gatto Quango, to
•narrow on this train, or thosa people op there
f the,, wholerd—d town again'
and I wen teeo'themrTrius- 1
-n I*. MOTHER.
On the Monday morning of the Sre. al about 6
o clock, at which hour The Tkibcnk Building
wm considered «afe. and tbe people began flock
mg into Dearborn street. man Was obiorred
carciully examining the bneka of the ruiqscf
Reynoldi >f ßmck, picking thorn up carefully and
*r*t 10
Insurance Items.
Th eyioced Jjy .a majority oflhc.
to pay tbelylesrei in fulf
u -,h ra V^ rin epd Many bars eome forward
with large subicr.ptions s in addition to the
promise ot complcle'payinsnt.'’ l Among the in
stances mentioned, yesterday, were the follow
jog:
The American Central Company, of Si
Loqiv hayo paid a 85.600 pollpy t> John B.
f fui e P rom,se lt orery dollar ot lots
Tho Directors of tho National Insurance
Company, of Boston, telegraph £r.>m fi ß Sa}o that
they have subscribed enough as a guarantee
to cover ail losses by too fire, without impatri&x
their surplus. M
—Tho Manutaclarers’. Insurance Company of
Bosun write to M f s»rs. Hamlin. Dale A Co!
that they wiR ho ready to faspead to o|t polieie*
as soon M.HW otgam firasaotßd, they. fTthar
V(in k l r 6 C^ n «°Wßff<rpf v an^lmmediate .4.
tnn«?.of, e«clj '»rinb» b*
sn sdjustpcpU
:I r .-t c-t-1 t-r-rr*Q.-r
--’hjisaiiig'aacl>'l,dundj OO
The daily chapter «fUxalsglng happily grows
shorter. For yesterday lhalbllowiurwe
reported:
bbeppard. who was an inmate
f. »X .vo. 1.1 biat* street, ti requostef to eommunt-
I Oessmeris desired at No.
170 t\ cst Madison slroat
rr^-T^tremoofJ, -ColgateJ« meplioned in
jag amnhg {ha dsgdi on
_wbomehe!)brui\cr
b ksih s hqx rartd yeakont farsle hip
death, and wishes to soy that the body
supposed to be bis it not that of anyone belong
ing to his factory.
“•The rersnDß named below will please call on
Mrs. U. Reynolds, at tho Half Orphan Asylum,
nn Boning street, somb of Centro avenue: Tho
Brtdbnrß. Mrs. Mhuri. Mrs. Marry,
Mtgle and Nellie Martin. Irotu
Alley, near Mhitney street: the Aftons, from
No straat, Mrs. Lind. Widow Nye.
and Widow Ludenbnrg.
The Custom House,
TheCa9tamHousaofßci.il Ti.itod the rooms
of that bnildingon Tuesday, and recovered from
the basement about 1350.00U In gold and $6,000 In
silver, which was in the Sub-Treasury safe. Be
fore .too fire the safe contained' $2,000,000 In
err,abuki, 8393 in sold, end 56.000 la allrtr.
When it fell Irom the second floor, the door was
forced open, and it* contents were distributed
over the basemuit flf.or. The greenbacks were
burned: no trace of them being found. A. larso
East of toe gold and silver was melted, and will
ave to be recoined. Seventy-six bags full—all
toat were recovered—were shipped yesterday to
Philadelphia by Collector McLai-i. Search for
tha remaining money will be made in a few days,
la toe meantime the guard will keep strict
watch over tbo building, and nnt allow any stran
gers to approach the place where the money Is
•opposed to be.
.1• _
Announcements,
Superintendent Pickard announces that tho fol
lowing schools will open on Monday next: Pro
vided the water inpolv is good, ami toe buildings
vacated: Seammon.Wajhington,Moseley .Brown,
Foster. Wells. Skipper, Haven, Cottage Grove.
Holden. Holstein, Bore. Carpenter. Hayes.
Clark. Douglas, Elisabeth Street. Rolling Mills.
Walsh Street, We .twortb Avenue, Blue Island
Avenue. Calomel Avenue. Lincoln Street, Third
Avenue, Folk Street, and Sangamon Street.
—D. S. Wentworth, Principal ol toe Normal
School, states that the school U entirely.unln
terrnpted. and that the school car? continue to
ran. The teachers have offered their services
free, and thoie persons intending to become
teachers in this county are especially invßed to
attend.
—The Board of Public Works have ordered
tbe establishment of free ferries at both Rush
and Clark streets.
—A publio meeling of the ladies of tbe city,
under tbe direction of tbe Ladies' Christian
Uoion.-will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock at
toe Reformed Church, corner Ann and West
Washington streets. It is hoped to here organize
a system of relief for all tbe women and children
rendered destitute by the fire. Tbo Rev. R.
Patterson will preside.
—Tbs congregation of the Fourth Presbyterian
Church will meet on Sunday next, at 10:30 a. ro.,
in Plymouth Congregational Church. A short
address by Professor Swing, and 'a conference
meeting will comprise tbe servioee.
—All member: and friends of tbe Union Cath
olic Library Association are called In meet on
Sunday next at 3 p. m.‘ in' Wall’s Hail, comer
Adams and llalstcd streets.
—'Tao Standanl for tbe -current week is out
asd is creditable to tbe entmaiso of its conduc
tors. Its oflio* is at N0.'13 Harmon court.
—Mrs. M. E. DeGccr, editor Coming Woman'*
Magazine, was a heavy loser by the fire, in that
ail her stereotypes and magazines were con
sumed. Less, 51,000; so insurance.
Adjustment of Losses.
A meeting ot toe representatives of the vari
ous insurance companies Interested la ton Chi
cago fire was held Yesterday forenoon at No. 30
West Madison at. Tbe attendance was not large,
consisting of bat one representative from eaeb
company, and tbe session was strictly a secret
one. Fromall that c»uld bo gleaned of tne pro
ceedings. It appears that Mcsary- Durand. Rollo
and S. M. Moore were appointed a committee to
confer with the committee already appointed by
the Board of Trade with reference to tbo ad
justment of losses nn damsged graio. The re
port of the Committee on Organization was
adopted, and a committee was appointed to pro*
vide a permanent place of meeting. Tbe meet
ing adjourned until 7 o’clock this evening at No.
30' Madison street
Personal.
Mr. J. P. Whcclock. late the talented and pop
ular “leading man at MoVicker’s Theatre,
started last evening for Baltimore, whitber l>«
sees under an engagement to John T. Ford; Mr.
Wbeelobk's legion of friends and admirers iu
Chicago will be glad to learo that he is in a fair
way to redeem the almost total loss of his valua
ble wardrobe and effects by the fire, and will
warmly.welcome him back when our theatres
are rebuilt.
—lf garnet A. Oey. travelling apont for two
walLpaoer houses of New York City, is of has
been in Chicago at tho time of «>r since tbo groat
fire, or If any of the gentlemen In the wall-paper
trade in this city knew aught of him, any infor
mation concerning him will bo thaok'ully.ro
coived by T. Z. C»wles, at The Tribune office, on
Canal street, to whom bis anxious lather. John
11. Bey, of the New York Htwagefirt, has writ
ten respecting his son’s whereabouts.
The Post Office.
TbeGbiesg* PostlOfficc in in good running or
der. All the citv mail matter Is distributed at
the office, bat that which comes from outside is
attended to by the postal clerks on the cars.
Although a nnmbcrof tho carriers’ routes were
burned, the same number of men are on duty as
before, the increase In city letters giving them
all employment. Every connection between tho
routes bu been made, and everything Is work
ing smoothly. The new office in tho church, on
the corner Harrison street and Wabash
avenue, win not be occupied for two weeks, C->l,
Kastman having decided not to take possession
until it it in order to carry on the business sys
tematically.
A Generous Offer,
The following correspondence explains itself:
Hon. Chart** H. I'anrell:
Beau Sib: I own two hundred lots on Mil
waukee avenue and vicinity that 1 will give the
free rent of for three yean for tho purpose ot
eroding cheap houses lor the homeless. 1
think tbo money from abroad could not be
spent lo a better way. and will give immediate
comfort to hundreds of families. Yours truly.
-\V. S. Johnston.
Lake Foci-ar, Oc 1.17.15T1.
Eeatoro tho Property,
With a view to the reiteration to the rightful
owners of the vast amount of property which was
scattered about during the fire. Mayor Mason
has issued the following proclamation
Notice is hereby given to all persons bavins
Inst trunk* ox oilier lost personal property io
their bouses or possession, to deliver tbo same
stones to'tta nearest police station, for s-tfe
keepins and ulentineatioo, II this is not done
-without delay, tbtpolice authorities will bo re
quired to search bouses, and, if necessary, to ar
rest parties not complying with this pmclama
tion. R. B. Mason. Mayor.
„.«...Mnva on ycstcraay tssuea too luiioi
mg:
To (he Hmde of qH Department* of the tVy (foe
eminent;
The late fire has, nf necessity caused tbe sus
peoilooof Dublin improvements. ami ot much
work heretofore done in various departments of
the city government. It therefore becomes
necessary to discharge all employes of tbn city
government wbnte services are not absolutelv
required, I respectfully request that you, iu
your several departments, immediately give no
tice of dUeharge to all such, with a view t-» tbe
moat riekl economy which must now be observed
in all department?.
R. B. Mason, Mayor.
The Water We Drink,
The suggestions contained In tho following
communication will be found of espoeial value,
and should be scrupulously acted open:
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Owing to the very large numnerof casesof
diarrhoea and gastric irritation, both in -adults
and children, now occurring from the drinking
<>l the water supplied to the inhabitants. 1 feci
that I ooght to warn people against using such
without Previously boiling or JtUeringU.
I find Abounding in organic matters which are
deleterious to tbesyatem.' Unless these precau
tions. are, used we shall bate an epidemic of
serious diarrhoea and dysentery- or typhoid
fever, in hospital practice, especially now, raie
water should bo allowed.
It is .woU known that a leaspoooful of alnm
will precipilato the impurities in a barrel or
more of water. This can oe done when the other
methods arc inconvenient.
E. M. Dale. M- D.
Miscellaneous.
It is said that William B. Ogden estimates bU
entire losses by the fire ip Chicago and in the
Wisconsin prairies at between four and fire
millions «f dollars. Cyrus 11. McCormick states
bis lota as being not lets than three-quarters of a
million, and says be will immediately barrow
half a million and begin rebuilding
—On the 15th ins!.. Potter Palmer telegraphed
to A- T- Stewart A Co., of Now York, as follows:
Messrs. Allen Mackey, and all other firms
with whom lam interested, either as special or
general partner, will p*y in full at maturity.
Please inform the trade."
—A Chinaman's recount of tbs Chicago ca
lamity Is as follows: M Melicao-Iliah boy take
keloiloo lamp sad milk cow; cow kick oyer
lamps up go Chicago.”
S BEUEF FOB PHYSICIANS.
Meeting of the Profession—A. Committee
Appointed to Beceivo Contri-
butions,
Quits a large mestlag of member* of tbo'medi
sal profession was bald od Tuesday evening at
the residence of Dr. N. S. Davis. Oa motion of
Dr. D. B. Trimble, Dr. Davis was made Chair
man, ood Dr. K. Andrews, Secretary. The
Chairman stated that telegraphic despatches and
letters had been received iron officers of medical
colleges, medical societies, and prominent mem*
hers of the profession ip Cincinnati. Louisville,
Nsw York, Boston, Philadelphia, etc., express*
tug the most profound sympathy with the suffer*
tog members of the profession here, and with our
community generally. Some of these eommuni
■cations bring information that liberal eootribu
tioos. specially for the relief «t the
suffering msmbers cf the profession, hare been
made, and are now waiting the order of respon
sible parties here; and the object of (the meet*
iogls to appoint a proper committee to receive
nod distribute all snob contributions.
On motion of Dr. R. L. Rea. the Chairman was
requested to appoint a committee of three to
suitable persons fop a permanent
Relief Committee of fire,
The Cnohman appointed Dr». MosesGnnn. R
And raws .ad A. Fisher.
Tbe committee, after consultation, recom
meaded the qt Dn, IJcLuskee Mil-
Davis. T. D. fitch. ValterUl.y and E.
nchmidt as a permanent committee-.
Un motion-the'recommendation of the -6em
m nni oiniomly adopted.
V£ l Proolatlons were also adopted;
.l j !v‘ Tbaitb* enmaiitce -just chosen beau*
relief ot re.
P“Tsteinns who tmkreri by ike Ut« Are.
Jlsinbuu lb* tame at ihtlr dloereHon. and render a
l h ch^V £i' l th ,d ol ct,e 7* »e#ny (atur» meeting
•ame “lleJTijr the oli»lrm«o to.conslder the
Th J* l u i msetlog Under tin cordial «nd
07 tl,s Pp»ft* ,lou of tbit a trio, tli nr'
fot'llie prompt
■ad liUrej offet* of asliJlaoci-xe tbe m*ov *lllOOO ns
who bare bythoTatelornblo Hr*Tnol onTr tfJir
miuuWsots, ba‘{ u£r
rnetteo, *ud piejg# a uy Vf g Tcß
AMtSEMEITTS.
J.', THE UCSEI'M.
■*6 n Qtr fulL.porsessioo ol^Ute
Globs Theatre, on Dosplalnei street, and will rc
-?P® a n b’atordsy eTenlng. with the regular
dramatic company .of Urn late Mssanm, -under
l ?*.f nant eme °l of Mr. Langrisac. The nature
e l^ or W c f oV*y*4b*«a announced;
iterfi*-a bsen Underlined.
Mr. BloiadelLof the B-'Ston Museum, now in the
city, bsa tendered bis services, for any part, from
taking spuarartta loading roles: Tno only
article sare*l frJt4ihe Immeute collection of cu
rtosittes that were stored in Wood’s Museum is
ihesilrtT-moTTatcd revolver w|tlj which the ho-
tonons Mollis Tnissgll killed Ueorge, tevcral
year*
i,- mjoi.EY’a oygßs norsK,
Musrs. ilonisy Aiken, w® understand, have
purchased the spaoious two-tionr briefc building
uUtVest Madnon street, near Canal, formerly
f ownedby Haas A Powell, and occupied below aV
-i.lircrpKUbta and.absTo as a halL atU tbelr
uataoCton to fit it up at oace for dramatic nur
pogegi-; v Tr-:
RELIEVING THE DESTITUTE.
Thirty-five Thousand People Succored
Per Bay hy the Eelief
Committee.
Shelter Provided the So age
less—Passage from the
City for the De
serving.
Work at the Distribution Depots
—The Visiting Committees.
The Distribution,
The .yitein of relief Inaugurated on Tuesday
appears now to be working with the mostgrali-
Tying smoothness, fur which the Relief and Aid
Society is deserving of the warmest admiration.
Though colossal in its proportions, and laby
rinthine in its intricacy, it is alino** self-direct
ing. Tbe impulse onco given, even" piece of
machinery is set in permanent motion. By
Saturday, it is- believed that every ap
plicant will be recognized and reg
istered; every bushel of flour, every
pound of meat, evciy cent of money, will be also
registered, and its distribution strictly accounted
lor,
Meantime the amount of provisions In store at
the great depots is gradually diminishing.. At
tfie warehouse of Tobey- Booth, earner of
Grove and Eighteenth street*, a very large quan
tity of provisions is in store. Tho warehouse is
a model of neatness and order, nod is
carefully guarded. -The work-of receiving here
was entrusted to General .Uardic, U. S. A. He
has endeavored, as much as possible, to concen
trate tbo depots. Thcro arc at present three
general receiving, centres,—tho warehouse re
ferred to. Shaw’s packing house, at the foot cl
Twenty-first- street, and the-West Side Rink.
These contain,all tbe provisions in the city, and
supply the direct centres on orders.
tbs serruss at teescst.
There arc at present in store the following sup
plies: Flour and breadslaffs, 12,000 brls; meat.
30,000 tbs: stoves, 300: blankets,,2o.ooo; clothing.
550 esses: potatoes,*6, tnalrcises.’
600; and n large' amennt-of' soap and miscella
neous articles. From this it will be seen that,
while there is a largo and promising supply oi
breadstuff*, the meat and small groceries are nm
as plentiful ah Could* bo desired. How
ever, a rigid economy will be brought
to bear, and nono but tbo needy will bo assisted.
There are at present rations for 150.000 persons
for one day, nr fur about 35,000 persons 'fur four
days, which is supp-sed to be atr npj>;oximate
estimate ot the number needing succor.
buxltsc.
A view of tho headquarters of-too various
Committees, yesterday,-was particularly promis
ing.'-AU are hard-at work, and everything is
going-.', ou .'.wilb the regularity «f
clockwork, Tbe Shelter Committee hay on hand
about 1.000 applicationsjioi-'buildiog materials,
wfailo over 150 orders have already been" Issued.
A very large number will be given today, the
applications having bora subjected to an ex
amination, and a large number found deserving.
The Committee on Transportation has
alio been extremely bu*y. On
Tuesday there wore issued from the
three district headquarters 455 passes,
conveying trom town 992pfrS"ns. At Standard
Hall. Mr. George M. Pnlirnan issued passes to
lUS persona, of whom 98 jwero men, 169 women,
md 139 children. At the Shot Tower..Mr. E. M.
Blatchfocd issued parses to 255 persona, ol whom
5b were men. 111 women, and 105 children. Mr.
Downs. Imm the First Congregational Ctrortb.
■tsued passes to 320 persons. No exact rocordi
were kept.
auditing coimrrxE.
1 Tho Auditing Committee has been extremely
busy. Being, perhaps, the most important of all
the committees, it is not extraordinary to find
npon it the following gentlemen, whose names
ire a guarantee ol the honest and efficient dis
charge of tbo.dnties arsigoed to it; His Ifnnnr,
Mayor Mason. Comptroller Tnylor. H. W. King,
Wirt Dexter, G*orgo M. Pullman, Murry Nel
*nn,Dr. 11. A. Johnson, S. M. Avery. N, K.
Pnirbank. and 0. C. Gibbs. Mr. George
M. Pullman is 'the custodian ot
funds. These gentlemen need no endorsement,
>md tbo donors.to whom an account is due, can
rest satisfied with ttreir action.
Tbo other committees.-are'all-at work, but
there is at present nothing new to report in this
connection. Their arrangements are nearly per
fected, and nothing will bo left undone to com
plete them by Saturday.
THE WOKE OK DJatninCTTON.
The various sub-districts of tbo Relief and Aid
Society were visited by a Trirune reporter yes
terday, and were found to be iu a pretty well or
ganized condition. Too new'system was. in
some of tbo districts, in complete operation, and
the result* were already apparent in a more
equal distribution 'of the supplies. In
other districts tbo Superintendents bad
been unable to get into running
order, bat were gettingtbeir bank* in shape,ami
their corps of visitors properly organized.
After to-day there will probably be no need ot
dealing out any more temporary rations, as the
visitors will have made their rounds, and the
needs of tbo t applicants known with some ex
actness. From the condition of tbo books at
tho different headquarters of re
lief. it was impossible to obtain
accurate statements ot tho amount of
provisions and clothing supplied to applicants.
Some approximation, bowuver. was made as to
the amount ot business done.
AT PLTMOUTH CIIUSCII,
Wabash avenue, nbout 3,5000 persons made ap
plication for food or clothing during tbo day nod
obtained temporary relief. In most esses rations
for two day* were given.. Meanwhile
the name of each 5 applicant was
registered. On Tuesday the number
of persons who applied for relief was about
3,000. The clothing deportment has now been
properly arranged, and Committed to tho care of
a competent manager, who has found abundance
of volunteer assistance from tho Indies In th
ricinity. About 590 people have been clothed
from this church since Sanda? last. Some diffi
culty has been experienced by tho Superintend
ent here, iu bis endeavor
to sattsfv the somewhat importudato
demands of private societies organised outsidn
of tho regular society. For the information of
•‘to city" is intended l‘o~*sup*e«Tdo aU’*o iher
methods of distribution, and. tocte special eocic
tics will have to take their turn, and be regis
tered and visited (bo same as the general body of
lafferers.
moroas street depot.
At the chorch near the corner of Morgan and
Indiana street** everything wa» found in ship
shape order, the books being quite prepared, tho
visitor* corps organized, and the provisions being
dealt out according 10 tho new rule. Mr. Rock
well. tho Superintendent.was enabled, from bis
long experience in similar matters, to puttbe
system into ready Operation, and It
has been found to work admira
bly, ibo basemen of. tho church edifice
baa converted into a spacious provision
store, and the goods have arranged in a
vary business-like manner. Ycstcrtay, thirty
barrels of flour were distributed, cirhty barrels
of potatoes; and 1.500 loarca of bread. Tn addi.
tton to this, supplies were furnished to thirteen
stations in tho district, where provision# arc
given out to women ami childrens The registry*
ho e d the names of 1,500 applicants en
roll'd on the visiting lists,
I*IVIStOs- STREET DEPOT.
0 arc b corner of Division and Rucker
*»»0d yesterday was not verv
great, and the bonks bad not yet b-cn put in*»
Pf®% r po tft *®»rd aecurato statistics. Dur-
Vrsw» J** l w ««k it was estimated that at lean
,ood ,n4 c, ih
At Iho H H .lJf t "s.?c T e\ E "l. m E; n ch U rch. near
Twenty.,econd street, about I.UOO rations were
<^hnnt Cd iw n COp **«erday. At tho Dorc
ii.»* B f. rr,#oa M et which in in the
same district, it was estimated that 10.000 ra
turns had been snpr cd ilaee tho wmSeaS
meut of tho work of distribution. wwulu,Bncc
OTHER DEPOTS.
-Frotn the MitchellStreet Sub-District, .bout
the S5r l,C nt f r rCUef WCre ftUeDdt<l *0 during
finV.fc c ol ?L er of lndlana ««noa and Twenty-
S’j ov'J.'.c’ 0 I cn0 rrori l,!d rer sin
No i a c i’", r i ni l h,t Portion ol th,
U e«t Dtrmoo bounded by kiotio and rwolfth
street*, and tbonvernod city limit*. the relief
•yatem was found to hi nearly -in
practical operation..,ln..a. few. «Uy« 7 >-ibe
namfs °fth •go ncedi nc clLef will bo nil prop
erly enri’llcd in the bo«»**iwid when the visitor*
the coumytteca will
nab T- t0 ‘"'«ko-an estimate oftho
amount of luppljcs required.
c B c Kf** R fbou HRADvicaarsns.
Tho society hare issued the ti.Uowiar circular*
throupTioul the cisilUedtcvrld
'elt{<Pn7^. n affe r‘«K« of n'ur stricken
eatitena W 3 S •p’spontaneous and Qnireml that
money and clething and provisions wor* sent
not only to the authorities of «ur city, but to
many radlridaalr.-some'of which.' nwtnirTH'lhe"
ttcxanjroment of nil bun»j« may. bare miscar
n«d, .To.t&c end that those unparalleled oontri-
bo j, P*«e«r«d,, judiciously
applied, ahd* sacredly accounted f or -.we
a»K all- pbrsona and committees every
where to send to this lo.dcty duplicate
1 3 Ut P°*»‘We, Of «ii vtiole*. and
litw a i l^ko^ uai,ofn ce 7 loreot^d.to-;
r Wlt b tb ntmo the person society to
whom sent, A complete rctord oT tEesoaroes of
»he«e contnbuiinn?. t'other with tho history'
oftbeir expenditures, will bo preserved f>r fa*
tore pubhdstiop.* Ail newspapers ht himo and
abroad ar« reported to publish this circular.
«irtl)ext*b, Chairman Executive Committee^
centra!. order n«. 3.

I call your especial attention to the fact that
at the prosont lime. large
numbers of laboring men and women who with
their families, are now being supported from
Ibo general fund, and whoso labor is now
needed .by tho- holiness men, aid" faiaihet
tbe City, and- of people in the country who
come to thewity to find-labor, bath ‘math and fe
male. who refuse to work except at most exor
bitaat rates of Wages.'
You will, in all rases of visitation, take e«i>e
cial pains^to. ascofU|a.b» I warelai'-inquiry H
not onlj of ths fnnillr ft]3r;
other persons m the vicinity, how many!
h“ ‘A 0 f l milr l her orf.malo
tre capable, labor. And so koep yourtelrcs I
in communication with the Employment Bureau,
that, on ttg appearing that'buy member ofany
f5r“S -A* work when it has' been
offered, all supplies to that family may be im
mediately stopped. Tho Chicago Relief and Aid i
£"S>fty. »n its discharge of-the great respoosi- I
bilhies aattaated mt premium i
upon idleness by ievding thos*. wbo-r'/uso to!
work.
Crircico.OcU.37,lSn. u^* vnua j
V I
Sit: Tbe General Relief Committee, of which
wc were Cnairmao and Secretary rcjpcctivcly. I
with headquarters at tho of Washington i
hayo rioco referred all ofil-lal mattws coming to
•ns to your committee. W e suppled that this I
f.et was -generally ‘knowh, •-and I
wa now make this firmal statement, i
that y-*u may assured that there has not been J.
n«r e«c be auy conflict 1 on ottr part to possibly
embarrass, your .commutes in tbs fall control
f.°? d *T* ctl Q «f MltutUors uarfMcuag to ike Xe- t
lief of ths desfuate jo our uitdsu JUrpestfnlly;
Übrcwß. Moors. Chairman.’
.t-.L^ITCHCOCK.SccrcIaTTi-
Cmcico.-Oct. 17< IS7|.
Aid Dram AH^ond,
The RdtKtloaaP^w«atirTffrp>ooSe3rW r MH
neighboring cities aU,' .iepdiac:kpjnsliel tor the
Chicago sufferers are- not less eneennigiog than
tre first advices. Below an arfisrrv«bjtraeU of
action in different places f
sr. tons. .1
o-'ttoutee which waaasut to this city by
the Lxecutive ReHef Ccmmltteo ‘made a rebort,
on the lTth.lhrouxh:the;H*o. Henry T. Blow.
Tun com m i
tho Chicago Relief and Aid Society, and a re*
commendation t«i further action. At the aamo
limoc miribations in addition wore reported to
the sum of about 54.000. Tho proposed appro
priation of £50.000 by the City Connell was post
poned fur a time.
PITTfIBCCOn.
The double-beaded Common Connell of Pitts
burgh adopted, on tho 16th, a sat of resolutions
looking to tbe appropriation of SIOO,OOO by the
city for the Chicago sufferers, as soon as authori
ty to take tho step could bo obtained from tbe
Legislature.
MISCELLANEOUS.
George H. Sloart, of Philadelphia, welt known
In connection with the work of the Christian
Commission daring the war, has taken tho lead
in the organization of another such an associa
tion for tho same purpose of relief.
—ln response to a despatch fmra Superin
tendent Kennedy, tho police of Buffalo, have
started a subscription list in aid of their one
hundred and fifty homeless brethren in this city.
—The Haymaker Bate Ball Club have donated
tn Chicago sufferers tho proceeds of a match
played on Saturday. This will amount to about
;500.
—A letter from J. H. Ehrlicher of No. 612
Chestnut street, Philadelphia, offers employ
ment to a number of journeymen tailors, both in
his own and other establishments in that city.
The Philadelphia Merchant Tailors* Exchange
will provide tor all tailors out of employment in
this city.
General A. C. McCturg makes the following
announcement: “All stationers, booksellers,
nnd publishers are requested to present to Mr.
Geo., il.Ltflin, Chairman of committee for the
distribution of the fund contributed by the Now
York paper makers, stationers, and booksellers,
Cnteago Relief Association, at the earliest mo
ment possible, their applications for the relief of
such persons in their employment as may bo
suffering."
—Eastern sugar refineries have consigned 1,000
barrels of sugar for talc here at market prices by
any of the jobbers here, or by J. 51. Chapman,
the proceeds to bo devoted to tho benefit of the
Chicago Relief Fund.
—The employes of the ear department of the
New xork Central Railroad have forwarded
1840 to their fellow-craftsmen of this city for
their benefit. Tho money is In the bands of
Hugh Gray, master mechanic of tho Chicago k
Rock Island Railway.
—Governor Randolph, of New Jcricy, yester
day telegraphed Rev. Arthur Mitchell. “Our
Jersey people, have sent largely of clothing,
and will raise SiJO.OOO probably. If the supply
ot clothing is excessive, have it soot to sufferers
beyond you."
"—Harper Brothers have scnts2.Soo to Messrs,
n. C. Griggs k Co., for tho relief of the sufferers.
—Messrs. Stearns, Clark k Co., of Erie, Fa.,
lend {3OO for tho samo object.
—The Boston Post Office clerks send $l5O lo
their brethren m Chicago.
The Latest.
At a meeting of the Aid Society. last night, at
standard Hall, there was a great deal of discus-
<ion. Mr. O. C. Gibbs, of the Committoo on
Distribution ofSupplies, reported that more ef
ficient arrangements were being made for the
relief of tho destitute. Ho had appointed C.
L. Puschck, County Agent. Superintendent of
(ho relief district which embraces the couaty
district outside the city of Chicago, to look alter
those, who had been driven by tho fire outside of
the city. Tno destitute residents of the county
will be aided through the ordinary channels ol
county relief.
Other unimportant reports were handed In aod
disposed of.
BEAL ESTATE.
Instruments Filed Yesterday—Our Hoal
Estate Titles—C&rd from
Shortall Hoard.
Tho, following instruments worn Died for
record in the Recorder’s office on Wednesday,
October IS;
Warrantee deeds, seven, three of which were
re-recorded bylroason of tbo record being de
stroyed by tbo fire—the balance convoying city
•nd suburban property amounting to <16.610.
The rooiaining'docaments, seven la number,
consisted *>f real estate, mortgages, agreements,
and chattel mortgages'.
This morning there will bo a largo safe placed
.in tho Recorder’s office where the deeds and
records will be kept until a mure suitable place
is nrovided.
There have been two sets of maps saved from
tho fire, and in a fow days wo will be ablo to
furnish iho real estate report in regular form.
OOR REAL ESTATE TITLES.
1.K.11 C.O lAt>« I 4 4
To the Pdiilic: It is absolutely necessary
that all deed* and instruments of every nature,
which were filed for record in the Recorder’s
office of Cook G-'aoty on Friday and Saturday,
October 6 and 7 last, shall bo duplicated by the
parties thereto immediately, as the same have
been, it is believed, destroyed by firo with the
files and n-cords oI that office.
Itis very important that wo should have a
brief memorandum of each deed and instrument
filed for record in that office on Tbnrsdry. Octo
ber 5. after 3 o’clock, nr thereabouts,* In order
that we tuny determine positively whether or
not all of tho same wero pr.tcd into our indices:
wo belinve they have been, but request those in
terested to give us such memoranda immedi
ately.
.We have preserved all of onr real estate in
dices, or digests of tbo records, our judgment
dockets and inx-sale records complete, together
with many original abstracts, about 70,000 pages
of copies of abstracts and examinations of like,
and many valuable memoranda, maps, etc.. ol&
And wc helievn the real estate interests of the'
public will suffer but little, if at all, from tbo do
atmotioo of tbo records.
Our business will bo resumed when our fire
proof vault,' now being constructed, is com*
p!eted, and wc can locate our indices with safety.
Shortall Hoard.
Cuicsco, October IT, IS7I.
New York Stock and Money market*
Nr.tr Vobk. Oct. IS—G- -Id heavy, under free sale*
by foreign bankers and government purchase "f
four million of bond*. Tho price touched 112,'g,
nod eb’sed at Loans at c peret per
annum to 1-64 per ct perday for use. and 2 per
ct lor carrying. Clearings S3S.OOU,OOU. It is un
derstood that the Treasury will sell only one
million to morrow. Government hoary and
tower, and closed ferorisb. Tho Treasury,
award* were lour million* at from lid. 08, to
110.40.
Stocks during tho middle of tho day were heavy
and excited, and l<i£2 lower, and closed Arm.
Tho decline was nearly recovered. Most of the
business wag in Western Union, Lake Shore,
and New Vork Centra).
M»ncy stringent at 7 per cent currency to gold
interest, nnd 1-32 to per cent for turning.
Stocks closed rather easier at 1-32 lor turning.
State bends dull amt heavy.
New York, OoL 18.—Sterling exchange
Governments:
Coupon!*. *3l I!3>'[s 2D», ’67 11SK
j-JDs. ’O2. -11414 5-208 ’OS 112K
3-205. VH 113 110-403 109*3
-I *Stato*V’**la -114141 Currency ***m .Hoi'
JlisiDuria a! Virginia!, new as
N. CaruHaaa, 01d... S
Viraioilroff" N t roU IS
Stocks closed;
p;l
Mariposa prd IVf Wabash
lareo’s cl Kart W.. nc
A’WSMtfcw™'. ad 1 {Torre nanto 10
y.b. tinrcss 50 iDo pfd Jo
l*acifln Mail 42U C A iv»
>ew York Control JB#Do pfd.‘.V ill
g'». scrip 81‘4 O. &M, 35a/
Erie 27M'C Ctr **>26
go Pfd AO'B.&qL 104
g ttr, «7* HTfcfUko Shore ...ZZ.Di^
{Jo PW 119 Ind. Central...” 15U
u* 1 1 IfHli lilinai* Cent.....,....133'
*r I S- h P LBnt W? j Union Pacific 21 VS
r,* A, t 114 Cent. Pac. b0nd»...10O ;1 2
on
Foreign Markets.
JUsdox O°Uls. 4:30 p. m.-ConsoJs 93 for
oy »j.?^*P r United States coupons,
•Of!; 4 wt w.
to zas/a I r, is i r (ii fl d i>c!ro, am
suiDwr. Oct. is.—6-a>s ofisa:. oaf.
Earns. Oct, JB.-B.nrer. STIISc. A
Llvxapoun. Opt. 18. t ;30 p. m.-Cotton flat and
upland. Orleans. Itklt
tales. 1,000 biles: speculation and export, 2,000
Cor*o, 33j 3J.
Meg* pnrk, 4Sa 6J. Lard. 46* iU. Comberland
itfw d 47» 303 Short rib “Iddlc*. 40s 6J. Tal-
wflOdl* 1 pctrolCUin ISK-Slßi«d. Linseed oil
AarWEnr, Oct. IS.—Refined petroleum, 49J^.
Buffalo JLive Stock Market;
J«ss«i l,o# jS ct 18 C ltle I.IM. mak-
ear* last week.
very dull, sale* small; the good are scot
S"‘ bands. Prices !<o to s*j lower,
bales 3c Kentucky steers. 1.460 lb*. $4.50; 61 Tex*
•nn steers. 1,068 to U95 Jb*. $£9003.25: 113
Illinois s-eer#, 1.409 lbs, tf Indiana
steeti. Ual to l.t*J lbs, 50.(J006J7>4; 171 Ohio
steer*. 1,3)0 to 1,494 lbs.
bbeep and Lambs—Receipts. 4,368. -'Market
a E'V n &f advanced on both
classes. Sales 539 Micbtran sheep, ar 71 to 89 !h»
a; 0U053 1.03: aid Obi.,lbtep“f &*»,..et.w:
lei extra Indiana, ar 112 Ihi, at 5.C2J4 Canada
Inmb*, av «3 to SI tin, f.75{<5G.2j.
llot*-r|Ucolpls,&a. Market fairly active and
prices steady. bjlci .of S.itfat 4.37W34.9D lor
.Qflmmoo to choice.
j York I>ry Uoods Market.
\P RR Dot. .18.—With cooler weather•
is a little more inquiry for woollen goods
I adapted to, the season, but os a general thing the
market Is inactive and steady, We quote heavy
I Drown shootings at and seconds. li£
|7 t ,c; 1J m F.Uc:>«ril c tl bleached moi
Itua, lu,sc; Bay Mills W do, ISc: Androseog
tin do L, luJaCj do S-4, 35c: do 9-4 A;
40c; do 9-1, -45 c: Mooadnock 8-4.
do, J7i*c:da9-4d0.30c; do 10-4 do. 35c: Max
wpil jard-widp muslins, 19c: Wamsuttado. 20c;
xork Mills do, 21c: printed delaines, 30e:
.>M® 000 t? cp i* T7°, Manchester stripe brocades,
PttCiQo Mills anelincs, 2dc: do Orientals.
c.-lortdand glace, 15c; do ortnures do. 19o; do
b-4 alpacas, colored and black, 2lc; best printed
calicoes. 12c.
Proilnce Markets.
I KEtr YORK.
Skw York. Oct.lß.—Cottox—Dull, and prices
i bnVe dcelioed: middling upland at 19% c.
BRBxDSTvrra—Flour dull; and prices have
I‘Teclincd. The receipts werc3.ooo br.’»; super
fine Western and State, S6.3O@AAO; common to
g .od extra. 56.5037.10; good to choice, S7J«a
7.60; white Western extra. s6.7oft7.SUi extrf
.'.Ohio, S7.OOist7.GO; St. Louia l t?;2ag9LS. Rya
flour and corameal andoneoanged. Wheat
dull and pripes b&vo declined: receipts 140000
;.u; Nr. 4 J anriur, winter red
i Western. SI-55§1.59; amber, C
white, SL6s{?l.7d; No. 1 spring. 51.M3L55, R*e
quiet at 31.03. Barley—Demand fair and maSat
drto: Cudi WrtX. wl
I Malt unchanged. Cb.ru opened dull hal clo Jjl
j active. Reeotptf. M.OOO l-urmixed wLter^.
ipriecs-bavedswllnod; receipts;. Ay.
!.md obio.oo@s2c. Westera
i Kay— Fsiraoi quigt..
to.
UrinnMT-lani*.
Latwot.—Quiot and ftna; palled,ss^o2c.-
I <jß >L y i 1 4 t 4 t TSM^ Sa steacty. -sritn moderate do
mands Rli>7ls93i‘ic. sjuga r steady with mod-
I lr refining, VQftltfo: Ca
|^-(i: 3 Molosse* anil but anchangrd? flioe,
•I'tTtol-KCM-ftDd,.!*:: refinod, 2%321ij.
1 Rot tsuofs—Fork steady, with a
mimJ; mu. pore. SUJUSII37.. B««f «mT col
meats, aaohaegou; 'laidutei aeitre;- |.*ng dear,
i D ’SI'J-o w r> Oflialer, .Vormb r, and Dsoem-
J.Der, 5,4f39a. Lard.steady, with moderate de
i'maod: Au. I to prime steam. urimo kel
|t o rendered. November, -December and
January v %e.
JBcttkb-AuUi Westers, 10@20c; State.ls®
CHcxsar-DaUat 11013 c!
Coppor, iugot, lak«r steady at 23K
united Staica j itt. 35@3&rt bar firm at 80e tor
Russia) meet, 17i-t£lßo in sold.
v-Jfms-Sicads-: clinch; 86.00®
Wbiskby— Firm at &>>4«..
CLEVELAND. i
Cletklino. Oct. Ik—BacAWTcrps—riour
sfeudy, with a modvrato demand. VV’neat dull i
and be t.iwer: No. 1 Tod winter, 14.37. Corn
dull, and prices a abode lower, at 60e. Oats
quiet s&d weak at49a.
w. *r-
COUNCIL MEETING.
Proposed Extension of the South Side
Fire Limits—Raising of Grades
North of Harrison Street
The Mayor Recommends a
Reduction or Hie Tax lory
to Severn Mills..
Resolution In Relation to the Lake
Prent.
An adjourned meeting of tho Council was held
yesterday evening, tho President in the chair.
Present: Aid. Knickerbocker. Coer, MeAvoy,
Whitaker, Dsgzy, Tracey. Hickey. Bailey, W.
S. Powell, Wtlce, Walsh, Glade, Gardner, Mc-
Grath, Shiel, Schtpidt, Schaffncr, Carney, Mc-
Caffrey, McCauley. Clark, Devine, Basso.
retrenchment.
Tho following communication from tho Mayor
was read:
Gentlemen: I have made to all tho heads of
tho departments ollhe city, government a com
munication, a copy of which is hereto attaeaeu.
I respeettully request and require youroody to
uuthoriio and require your Finance tKimmittoc
i«» make a rigid examination of the different de
partments of the city governments to the end
I hat no department may be allowed
lo make unnecessary expenses at this time,
jmd to son that the most rigid economy is.
maintained in all matters, connected with the'
city government. It is known that nearly one
half of the taxable portion of the property of
I he city has been destroyed, and it is well known
lo you, tbata very largo part of the real prop
erty has been burnt over, so that it-is unablo to
respond to tho luxes ot tho present year called
for by the annual appropriation bill passed io
June last. In fact cue entire people bavnsuffor
ed severely by the great calamity that has visited
□s. and virtually arc unable to meet- the tax ol
fiiteen mills upon the dollar which itwas expect
ed would bu levied. Such a lax at this time
would not only ho very oppressive to the people,
but I believe, would bo ruiuous to the
interests of tho city. The necessity for
many of tho improvements and
disbursements contemplated by tho annual ap
propriation bill u" longer, exists, and
tho present tax lory should bo reduced accord
ingly. From a rough estimate made as to the
appropriations which are now lo be dispensed
with, 1 am of tbo opinion tbatthe tax levy
fur the present yoar need not exceed seven mills
on the dollar. I will rtspccttnlly request that
you ask your Finance Committee tu confer with
tho beads ot departments and the financial and
law officers of the City, and to report a tax order
by which the taxes will be reduced to tho lowest
possible amount. I have no doubt hot that
your honorable body realizes the necessity ot
retrenchment snd tcc greatest possible economy
;n ail our city affairs at this crisfs r *and- will
cheerfully do alf to accomplish it."
AM. McAvov moved to refer it to the Finance
Committee, with instructions to comply with the
Mayor's request.
Aid* W. S. Powbll wanted a special committee
o( eno or two from each divirion.
Aid. Me A vov consented to leave out all about
instructions to itus Finance Committee.
Aid. Carsey aid not think tbo Finance Com-
mitteo represented alt divisions, though it was
composed of good men. Ua thought it desirable
to appoint two Aldermen from each division to
consider tho matter.'
It was referred to the Committee on Finance.
SEW HUE MVtTW.
The Board of Public Works presented the fol
lowing communication and ordinance, which
was referred to the Committee- on Firo and
Water, to report nn Mond iy.
Gkstlkuen:*Tlio recent fire that has devas
tated the city has aroused among our merchant*
and property owners a deep and -earnest feeling
concerning the insecurity of life and property.
on account of tho contracted fire limits and the
almost universal practice of erecting wooden'
buildlogi.
Wo are informed by business men that there
is plenty of credit to bj bad. ami capital to b
obtained for rebuilding the burnt district, pro
vided capitalists and those seeking investments
can be a-sured that these investments wilt be
made secure.
The board nro satisfied that an extension of
the present firo limits in the South Division,
and a rigid adherence to the ordinance would do
much toward insuring tbs security of tifo and
property, ami that it would contribute in a great
measure to restore the confidence in Chicago in
vestments, which has been so shaken' by tho re
cent disaster which has befallen oarcity. We,
therefore, recommend the passage’of the accom
panying ordinance.”-
THK ORPINXXCg.
That that part of tho South Division within
tbo following line}, shall bo known os
the fire limits. Tao centre- of
I’wenty-sccond street to point midway
between Clark ami Arnold, theuco north to the
centre of Sixteenth, thence west to tho oast bank
«f tbo South Branch, thonco to tbo centre ot
Twelfth street, tneoce c;ut to tbo main* trapk of
tho Michigan Southern Railroad Company.*
thence north to tbo centre of Taylor, thence
west to the centre of Fifth avenue, tbeoco’norib
to tbo centre of Trier, thence west to the centre*
of Market, thence north to tho Centro of Van
Boren, and thence west t i tho South Branch:
Provided any person owning a wooden building
within those limits may raise it to grado and put
a wooden ba>cment under it.
Aid. Moxtgomert though:
ordinance, stnco tho fire limits had nothing' i 0
Jo with the tire. They wanted to suspend t h c
firo limits temporarily.
Aid. Garunkb was>m favor o fits P*sg ,tte-he
fore they got up a lot of wooden build* jj p
•ltd not want it referred, but- pass'jj Ul on a t
ooco.
~V d Lc f ttouclit th» Or.llirjit incJ cro
.lulu crooked. Ho would Imo O have tkrm rua
d ‘»Tl‘ t ?ri h .V J" r i?? iccmd street.
Aid. McAao\ dtd not l',ncy running in the
aorlhVf Wccf r ta
K.USt. r 1 (;-(7]j^}-^ i
The board also P'.esentcd the following com
munication:
Gkntlkjien Vor several years tho hoard ha*
received numerous applications from owners- of
oroporly in tb'j now burnt district of tho S -ulh
Uinaion. for permits to rai«o the grades of their
■‘wwrik »I 80 R t0 c,vc higher ba ement* and to
a»«nl barter drainage.
almost impossible for them to
seep the walks at the established gmde* wbon
now and largo improvements wero made. In
stance* arc trc«iuent waere appeals have boon
taken from the decisions of tho board to the
Common Council, and special ordinances hhvo
u°. P® 93 l to raisa whole, nud sometimes parts
of blocks in different localities, thereby creating
great confusion.
lor Ac 'ban.-muau and drainage?’sind! oT*th”
prevent it i« proposed
U,Vrir't ,l h ,h '“Z t.brouahant th« barm
ui(«rtetoi tho South Division. Tho complete
tiooTf (Tm 1 of l1 0 r° Dtirc pwperty in tois see
nllfh thl?m f u, P c opportunity to aco-.m
--?a ?ffi t Jj l ?h^? 8t doJirod Tesuit 'i’ho B-ard aro
1 5i a arRO Proportion of tho princimi
4ra l? that d'SU-iot will co-operate
erndosI h m ,hcir cffort 10 MCa rrf tho Sw
A conference has been bald by tho bonrd
n ‘J t ber ?f ibd loading architects and en
ffinecn of tbo ciiy, and after a mature consider
ation of tho subject, tho height of grades i»r the
nuter edge of sidewalk*, assbown m the follow
ma ordinance, were cou-ddorcd. to bo nu average'
»he best calculated to prove satisfactory to said
ot perlJ’ ..T h V P*«age of the-
I following ordinance will hare tho effect
to raise tho grades in said district
from one to three teec.aec .rdiug to the differrnt
I'lcahties. It is not proposed to rairo or disturb'
the roadway ol the street* until it shall become
necessary to repair them. On account of the
"reisinir necessity of the case, and tho tact that
larao numbers of property owner* are waiting
tor tho board to give them tae grades, so tbit
they can locate their walks at once, the board
would respectful! ask- an early consideratlnn of
the matter nnd the passage of tho accompanying*
ordinance.
This ordinance fixes tho height of the outer
edge of tho »idowalk« on Third avenue, Fourth
avenue, Pacificavenno-aud Sherman street, from
Jackson to Harrison, at f urteeri feet; ot-Clark
street, litlh avenue, and Franklin street: frmn
Water to Harrison, at fourteen feet; of I>cnr
boru.from W ator t* Jacks-n, LaSn‘le from Wa
ter to Van Boren, and Market from Lake to torn
Boren, at fourteen feet: of tr>« east side of Wa
bash avenue, from Water to Harmon, at fifteen
feet, and the west side at fourteen anda- half*
-•f the east side of State, front Water to Harri
son, at fourteen and a half foot, and on the west
<ido atfoortcep; ami ot Michigan avenue, /rum
ater to Harrison,'at fifteen-feet.
Several member* wanted it- referred to 'the
Committro on Streets and.AUeys* S. I>.
Aid. McCallcv hoped- the ordinance would
be passed at once.
The ordinance w.-u passed.
T«K LAKE raovt.
Aid. McAvov offered the foPowing:
WniBBAS. Our city has been deraatated bi*
a terrible eunuaaratiou which- has-latd hi iwWj
tho business portion ..f ibe-Jstmth and hnnh Dt-'
visions; and as a natural result,- greatly depro
ciafod the value ot real estate in- that portionnf
thocity, and unless some steps -are taken to eh'-
o-mrsgothe rebuilding of the same, property
will bo worthless as. compared with Its former
value, thereby addiocndoublo misfortune to our
people: and
“Whebkas. Tho Michigan- Central, Illinois
Central. and Chicaxp,. IlacUaßton <k Uainev
Railroad companies havtf'- offered to purchase
that portion of tho lak»-fro*tt lying north of
Monroe street and cast of Michigan avenue far
the purpose of erecting, therfioh freight Vnd
pnesonger _dep<.u. and to pay forlthoaamotho
sum of S3OO.COQ: and* as thu city la now greatlr in
need of .money to. rebuild our bridges, wauiw
works, city ball, and- other public
destroyed by tho refcent calamity, aad
city can easily the
y m Ua iuai lbe LAo Paik, there
**Awfc«r.; That-, tho Mdyfip'; Comptroller
and Corporation Counsa! be AhU tber »JL
instructed to
Michigan Central. R»rH«,
ton 4: Quincy Railroad ComiLnia* fh« i??'
and transfer of that. poru’Sn «rfihii a fcw
lying north of Monroe sircotaruloaiVoT
ran avenue, noon ibe conditions th-r iiT 11 .1
companies proceed
freight and P«icuge'r
wants and d-Jtnaotti of
tfl wTmuSi aoSitSS**
k r P”, c v M«AT.r. Whita
x?S?- s Wlloe. Sard-
Bucl Mar. fehaglusr. JJcCafTrer.
W* ttA,e and the President—l 7.
ine WiH V B^ C^ u TOj L sa£lu irt «2»sW.o£O. ho hir
ing aadaa .offer ta that extant* T
1 t* velec .tdi tho- Cmnf ,nu ß An
S^SmndL a ftU lhcooc VhKrr, and Pu S
aru/l J ;w QQY *T- IJ th Oo ci Cmld do'aolbuii
?h s jyii e a^ J nC^ on d *««h-e<i; If. It were. f.
I?-PL** 4 I’ark Fund, wHeri
no -uocftesrti They tTouW nc':d.to.asic'tne
r** -»aior* to nUatrthtrm to aso 'tho t moAey'£or I;
ondges. Ao, They io not want to soil tte land L
for pafk Mrposte, but foraotoal necessities. ll* 1 1
waaaattsflod the companies Hoold pay the Sfiju
OOfl In thirty days, but the'patks'.mnst stopior
tbaprejent.
io« present.
Aid. CLiBKK ncrced'wlur Ald-'lf.uwY.,fall*
and ffiurcd a special committeo'af three ba «s>
pointed ta see tae Lezlalaiuro and cut ti»a olaaAo
of tho Dako Front hilt, tltrollbe l£at
park purpose, repealed;
Aid. .Momuioiksy tbocebt the sum ofS&Qd 000
toosmair, .Mr. Scameaoh wsUopppsedtoitTand
be didaotchmk the neejile jeaaraUy would ap- i
Pfoto it;
M* 9»»«*a..tia-iiVaa4i
thiHjtbi the prtevtooimr* but bo now VAQied.ta
djtpwo of the laud faribc best possible price* j
Aid. .McAtoy orplained tbaL iits.'resoluiion
did oot Qx any dtfUtlo fcum'for tbolaiid;, It was
to secure the nisi terms.
and the C6imiilui'.n’Whafvee
Aid. McCanxr .moTt'j'lhkt a’tund-j
ameo of three bo ap.uuote£ ithmV, tno ffer. 1
•po ration Counsel and tho tfanCoti*.
nl. .aonld co to Shrinafinld ahd
a^McAro?!"" 8 Mi&ati.
CiMt.i4att(L that’ hU »Mlt. wort
.fr£
la*
Afl i B£siDKXT.saia. tbeai>eciar-«oclD>1lte«-a>R
Dexter bad b»cn called on for a copy of tha
charter, and h.id promised to tend ono bo soon
is be could get it. Tho committee wanted fur
ther time.
It was Granted.
PLACE OP MEETING.
Aid. Clarke ofT.-red the following, which was
lajd on the table, on motion of Aid. McCauley.
Betolced, That when the Common Council
adjourn, it adjourn to meet at the Church buiLl
tng on Wabash euenue. now occupied by the
Mayor and Comptroller, and that thie Council
hereafter hold meeting* at the above place, until
the Board of Public Works prepare other suit-*
able for this Council."
S.TLBOXD THICK.
The Committee on Railroads reported recom
mending the passage of an ordinance allowing
the Chicago, Columbus k Indiana Central Roads
to lay their tracks upon Rockwell street, and a
single track on Depot Place.
It was laid over.
ACCOMMODATIONS.
Tho Glebe said he bad no accommodations at
the. Union Street Station for his office, es
pecially when ho got bis books.
The Chair said the use of Wall's Ball, at the
corner of Hoisted and Adams, was offered them,
and there were offices there for the Clerk.
Aid, JlcAvoT moved that the President of the
Council and the Clerk select a place for meat
ier.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Toe Council adjourned.
ILLINOIS LEGISLATURE.
Supplementary Warehouse
BUI Passed in the
Resolution Providing for the Chicago
Session Bescinded.
Chicago Tax Exemption Assess-
ment Bill Passed.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Springfield, 111., OcL 18.—Douse bill No. 4
relating to warehouses, as amended by the com
mittee. was passed by 154 to 0.
House bill No. 5. prohibiting the collection of
taxes on property destroyed by the Chicago fire,
was referred to Committee of tho 'Whole, and ita
passage recommended.
Tho Senate joint resolution regarding the ad
journment to Chicago was adopted, and the Sec
retary of Stato was directed to prepare the old
Hall ot Representatives for the use of th«
House.
The bill for an act to provide for tasking a new
l**T and assessment for county, town
ship, town, and school purposes in
cases wboro the record of such
levy on the assesment roll, on a lan* part of"
of taxable property has been accidentally de
stroyed or impared by fire, or other casualty
was passed.
In Cbe Senate, tbo bill for* the reassessment
of property, for State and county purposes, was
passed bv a unanimous vote.
Tho House Canal bill was reported back.,
the substitute of the Committee concurred in
and the bill ordered to a third reading.
P£ lT W«og f«r tbo purchase of the
Cook County Insane Asulutu was referred to Itbe
Committee No 1.
Tno Warehouse bill was ordered to a aocond
reading.
Tho s'enato m«t al 3 a. m. and Ran. Mr. Crann
madoproyer.
A recess was taken for an hour,
i, s *e“bling Committee Ho. 3 reverted
back the joint resolution providing for lb del
ing of the regular session at; tSpringfiebVwofi
commending that tho time bo the 15t’ dXorm
b.r, .ooordin* to tho adj -urnm.at at ’.h. rrrnlar
bs^th^retolution. 111 I,ecembßr M&SBud
The r'-port of the committee waa ninn.t,., i
at Noyembcr <ieji nil 'd aa ?h. Plato
bill trja inlrodnood into tba Sona to .eater
day providing for the appointment by the Gov
ernor of an extra police forco for Chic U
Committee Ho. 2of the Senate re wt
senate bill Ho. 2, providing for thv rSaiMsmwt
.l p o c 0 l"Si^ thQat7of Qainw S5K3““i
Senator Woodard introduce*:,* ant n- or Minr
P F,dlo n ii°n
I jmeo to House bltlNo.
SEm r??iST nittee on Warehouses;
diS!n©iMi!r! /reat rf, nflagration lathe
recoiDt« D 5 exc «n* «P®n Presentation of tho
receipt, siren i oere f or; therefore
erc.,thalio mneh of Section 2 s
‘I 10 1 n ct to public wsts
•rain an 9 tbe warehousing and inspection ot
sUtot(e P dto g!To effect to Article 13 of tbeeon
.n_i‘lp a of this Ststo as w embraced, in the fol
;n7 words, to-wit: Or* who shall remove
fZr property from store,.ex.cept to preserve It
*ra firo or other sodden danger, without the
.eturn cancellation of any and all outstanding
receipts that may have beam issued to represent
such property.” shall not be held to apply toware
hoiuo.receipts issued by anjr warehouse of Class
A, dated prior to October S, 1671.
Tho Senate will endeavor to amend (be Canal
htUby appropriating, Imioediately. tho sum of
fbO.fiCO of the Illinois Central Fund now in tbn
treasury, and SIOO,OOO Ci*>nal Fond, Baking a
total of $650,000 ready cash, then issuing 6 per*
cent bonds.to the amount *.f $260,000 allowed by
tho constitution, and which would be ready to
meet the January interest, and finally levying a
°v.H.°r Us amounting to about $63U.-
‘W o which would give to toe city about $1,400,000*
by May next. By repeating this Process with the
exception of tho $260,000. tho total amount, itis;
calculated, will bo nearly raised in two years,,
and tho balance m three years.
_Tho Homo was called to order at 10 a. mu
Prayer was made by Rev. Dr. Burgoo.
The journal was road and approved.
Mr. Aoerecr moved to read House bill No. ss.
boing a BUI for an act to prevent the unjuss
collection by incorporated cities of taxes levied
on property destroyed by fire,” and itwas roa£
lr Dsnues moved ibol sasoaasion of the rules
to read House bill No. G, bill for an act to pro
ride tor making* new tax levy, and it was read.
fccomi time, and on motion of Mr. Hoiaea
referred to the Committee of the Whole*
.Tbo House went into Committee arm* \trr, n i«-
*110:20. Mr. Camming, in thochlfr. Whoto
House bill Ho. 3, Reform School bill, was
fccction 1 was adorned. u:
it a remarkable.
JHcasrt. Root, Dixon, ami Barley ex ß l«sn^
a‘ n 3^.°, r ad!fp^d orm &hMI •‘^SSISL
Mr. Morris ui. of Monroe, was willing to
■‘Wcata'^r^^'sewury^^of“any’VoaJd" °Ho
Amoved to stnko out all after tho word a£y (R
T ‘t>*-eiCt th Hue. being in
J*JJr»n of tho Treasurer. under aotho?s
'tMKT r «f
Ljr.-ff n.a^ ot r p part °o’f
biU. Cunnins lm “f«ed fonder eusrde ro tho.
mhto> E H»‘i"/, C:>ok mor d Thru the eom-
So hiU tl recommend that the Uooae refcr
with uii pondina SS™ Appropriations.
Chairman was approved hr tun Uonso. T
*ar.sx.»s£ss ssssassKf
THE CITY Ul BBIEF.
Eire Yesterday,
The alarm at 10 o’clock yesterday moralurwas
pppasionid by the discovery of Are la a barn in
■»Tj? 4 fc ra Th.-IOM was
Win M 0 4 .and occnpied by Cbarlea
.lartlo, ras damaged to the extent of 1500. A
two-stury frama bnildiny. adioinin, Uta barn
nas totatiy destroyed. Loss. J3OO. An™, .W
bcr .h. o T nnr. ,s insured forSTOO in thei rEtua
lemblr ewafligratioo been the coasennSoe;
Facts.
ioi“a faw“ l y, 0 IMkJ m bm4 -bich wm
atatJHn 0 y*® Merchants' NatSoaslUank'
iissipss®
Every tbi,nr r °i\ r r M c!l V'f n srenno.
.How Buildings,
too f° na haTr Id contraafs lor
in tt; burn AiauSl' 7 5t t TT bn »uildlo£X
oineiwi .i. Q*stnct, and workmen are nor *rn
bash aveane, south of Madlsbn ,Vae, A dim
bo bntlt aubstaolially, am’^e
ready f« r occupancy by i,t of Jumuj 3 s
Mte'coUaneous,.

0 hl
»-2?nn 1* Jolonmw to Chariot Hollar ram
tf lr ilCr OTOOOO TOltcrdOT afternoon.
Sichl. U e,,c 5 ’"‘i Hi"!™ nt of hu born an*
ah?^“T 1 "A lltllo ion of. Dr. Uaaanh.
~r w ran o«r amt.
y il bnrti Botll wor taken to thoin re
*V<rc.lrre home*.. w
Uho body of tho man found on ib*
hpt°x& tfr,^
atoalij*. and one of them came outVuK?“*
fill ofaood.rtheolhorwaaiotroßn C
tiiaiuppoiition thathoperiihod. Sene*
*t&" ,r w^
lot nr yootordar. with k
f!° C awatt weJ »*y-3wnd Pollen Station
I ta^w>itexamrßft UOft >t cha p o |j w Q. cr t.
married.
4 l,tK(}-AluSE—ln this city UctaU'p ti w
■SrfeSioi" V'haiiog aod ttra. jllS
./■raEMKE-CARTER-On- tho onqinz of the
\SthlasU, At the resul»nco of tb* bridge Utbir br
f Vk 6 1l^ U A wl U i a«w»a Wheelerud Bh£fi
tUCTITCwr ofS. p. C'lrtf-r, »U orrhu eltr. WM
DIE£>-
•i» «t nlojr. Oct. irtb, nHdaaly.
Ijobte Vaa Anden t aaml Uyears. I month and U
the. (leartr b*lo«nl.wif« ut.K. L. BrazuL ef tlhlcaro
Uemalths taken Uuea, New York, w
Uetrult, Mich., p.pvra pleameopy.
VUTiQUaAET-Oct. 17..1571. lira. J ua Uxanhar
6V rnm; boru la Aberdeen, boutUud.
vtrw York p«per» pleam copy.
th?n r lnJ 1
House.