THE’tJilpS TICKET.
The Republican and Democrat Central
Committees Complete Their Work.
Eehm Substituted for Guild and
Bumsey for Wadsworth.
Address lo tac Voters of Cook county
—The Campaign committee.
Democrat Central Committee.
The Democratic Central Committee met yesterday
morning in the lavatory of the High School, Mr-,
Sutherland presiding. Considerable dlscnsalon of
an Informal nature occupied the meeting with regard
,to the nomination of Mr. Hildreth for the office of
“Police Magistrate on the West Side. The opinion of
a number of the committee was io favor of a repre
sontatlrc Irishman of good standing lo lake bis place.
The question was untied, however, by the Repub
lican Committee. The Democratic committee re
solved among themselves that the name of Eugene
W liar!man. nominated for the office of Constable in
the Second Ward, was unsatisfactory, and
a deputation waited on the Repub
lican committee with a request that
eoroe other candidate be substituted. The reply
came from the-other committee that the desired
-change had been made, and that the substitution of
t-omc other name for that of Mr. Hildreth was desired.
The suggestion was immediately acted upon, and the
names o? .John Mcagban, P. T. Sherlock, and Himm
M. Chase bronchi up. Two vnes were taken on this
nomination,' the first being r. tie. Thc bccond
resulted -in tbe nomination uf Mr. Sherlock by
a vote of five to three, the affirmative
Ijclne Slews. Sheridan, Ashton. Belhng
haueer, Walsh, and Garrick. Messrs. Sutherland.
Boldin and-Danoida voted for Mr. Chase. No far
ther chance was made, excepting In the substitution
of Owen McCarthy for David McCarthy, nominated
•for Alderman in tnc Eighteenth Ward, the Utter gen
llcman having declined. The committee, on an Invi
tation from Hie Republican Central Committee, re
tired lo the place of meeting of the latter for coufct
cuce. and the ratification of tbe general ticket.
Republican Central Committee.
The Republican Central Committee met at 10
o'clock yesterday morning. In tbe Rich School.
It was announced that Joseph Wilson was nomi
nated as Constable In tho Twcltth Ward, and Martin
MeCtmo in the Fourteenth.
The Chair announced that Conrad Seipp would not
serve as Connty Commissioner. _
The vacancy was filled by the nomination of -T, It.
Clough, who received U votes lo 3 for Christian
Wahl.
J. C Knickerbocker moved to strike off the name
of Fred. R. G«nd ns Police Commissioner.
The motion was agreed to—yeas, 9; nays, C—Dlxoa,
Pilgrim, Foltz. Reid, Vant Woud, and Cassette.
Jacob Bebm was then nominated.
Mr Raster called attention-to the Domination of
Samuel Ashton a* North Side County Commissioner,
which wa* considered objectionable by some amonx
the Democracy. If the Republican committee could
not support him, had they not better so inform the
Democrats? The same was tbe case with J. D. Hil
dreth, who was nominated for Police Magistrate.
U. B. Miller had no objection to Aebton, but did
not want Hildreth.
Mr. Judd thought thev had better limit their .request
to Hildreth.
Mr. Dow was opposed to advising any changes since
he found so Rule difference among Democrats.
Mr. Dixon moved to lay the whole subject on the
table.
The Secretary read a commnnlcalion from the
Democratic Central Committee, suggesting that
Eugene M. Hartman be takeuoff the list asCoustable
in the Second Waid,
3lr. Hart man was taken off.
It was ordered Hint it bo suggested to the Demo
-craiic Central Committee that Mr. Hildreth's name be
said the Board of Trade wag strongly
for Julians. for Comity Treasurer.
Mr. McCrea -aid* substantially the majority ol
bankers, merchants and Board of Trade men, were
for Rum*ey. \ti the member* ot the board wanted
him,and tbe whole fourteen hundred of them would
work for him.
The motion to suh.-tilute Mr. Rumsey,for
Wadsworth w« u cuitied—yca». 9; nays. t*.
Mr. Carter said that Mr-Wadsworth had told him
If the taking hU menu off the ticket would help tbe
cartr, lie might do it.
The Chair re.-.d a letter from Ch«s. Hitchcock, de
clining the nomination for Coutvy Commissioner.
Mr. Judd thought they should pass h resolution re
quiring evert man nominated to serve.
Mr. HhcliC'ckV reHgnatiou was not accepted.
It wap announced that the Democratic Committee
had nominated ov.vn McCarthy Instead of David, a*
Alderman in the Eighteenth Ward, and P. T. Sher
lock for Police Mag;-irate in the West Side instead
OfJ, H. Hi drellj.
11. B. Miller tinned t" reroarider ihc vote by which
Mr- Clough wa- made tV::n:y Commissioner, ami put
uji Chri-thm Wahl.
The motion wa- agreed to.
The Cotmmltco.'i Together.
Tlu; Democratic Central then came in,
Mr. Held naiii they had been imbed to cyan; in and
consider■ jointly iho action ihi*y had taken.
The list of nominees was then read .over.
The ticket was adopted a?* u whole,
t J. C. K-Ickerhutk. r moved the Joint Mib-rom
miUec put in names of Constables where there were
blank*.
The Secretary wild the -ulworanutti'. on an an
drer# had thought it best pi mat;-; it hriel. Tln-y had
no apologies to make, 'they had assumed ilicv hud
Die authority, and it was tor the j»c«»ple to decide
ivhcther they had or not.
The address Is iia follows:
la consequence of the great rasa and devastation
In the city of Chicago. Hfleciing both the business in
•-‘■Mvsnd nrojicrty interest** of her citizens: In
vievr of the fact that the whole energies of her i>eo-
Die throughout the city and county are busily en
caged in the work ,f restoration; and with an
almtmdlnp faith in the practical seneo of the voters
of Cook Connty. the Republican and Democratic
Central Committees hereby place before the citizen-,
their selection of candidates to fill the various offices
made vacant thi-full. Wc have end-mored to per
fonn our duly In go d frith: and, with, many aacn-
Aces of personal friendship, and fully imbued with
asense of the high re-poiKhilifivs forced upon ns by
public ecutiop nl and the exigencies occasioned by
our great ca amity. we have chosen the candidates
for uieir well-known personal honesty, integrity, ana
boslno** qualifications. _
••In doing this, both committee* bedeie they are
performing n high duty which they owe to the whole
people. and trust that *ach action will have a ten
dency to prevent all political turmoil, promote the
euhatantial busbies* iuteieat* and welfare of the city
of Chicago and County of Ciiok, build upoor financial
credit abroad, and rcstcrc confidence at borne.
tour committee believe that none can for one mo
ment think that while a large part of our city Is
«ruddering In ashes, and thousands have become
Scftdatc and homeless a pam-an contest would.he
advisable ordlguifled. or that mkU a contest vroald in
smv way subserve‘any honorable purpose. We be
lleve that the whole country admires the fortitude of
our citizen* In peril and disaster, fQdlhoir energy
-In adversity, anl above all. that It win earnestly
appeovo the magnanimity displayed by the two
great political parties, In Poking patty Intercsta and
acting solely lor the material welfare of stricken
The Republican and Democratic Central Com
mittees. In view of the various difficulties Incident to
thenomination of so large ticket, believe and hope the
eatnc mav a* a whole meet the hcartv approval of the
people of our county, irrespective of party.
J. C. Knickerbocker, Shipman,
A Dixon. James 1.. Stark,
(Wo. W. caw, U.ll.Bouaa,
N. T. Cassette, b- U.McCrca,
C. 11. Heed. W. S. Braluard.
M. Schmitz John Vant Wmd,
Goo. Fllehman, St. Clair Sutherland,
Max Scbnlcr. Satnocl Ashton,
Henry Pilgrim, Richmond Sheridan,
ffVcirttr. Wm.UelUnghouser,
C. It Mataon, 2. Baldwin.
U. jj. Miller, Wm. Gardner.
S. K. Dow, John Garrick,
C. Kolz, Samncl Douglas.
J. C. Knickerbocker moved the address be adopted,
and signed by the members of each committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Hr. Garrick said they must have a Campaign Com
mittee to carry out the labors Indicated by the two
committees. lie moved that one be appointed to
attend to printing ticket*, etc.
Mr. Shetwood moved the candidates he invited to
meet and select their own Campaign Committee. BS
Hr.Judd agreed with Mr.Garrick, Such acorn-
Online was necessary.
Mr. Blakeley thought it better to leave it to a
small committee to select the Campaign Committee.
Mr. Garrick agreed with him. and did not think it
wise te nuikt* the Campaign Committee of members
Ol Uie €cnl»*l Committees.
Mr. Athlon moved a committee of Ibree Republi
cans and two £?cmocrate be cboren to select a Cam
paign Committee.
Coloncl Baldwin suggested ten members of the
Republican and fire of the Democratic Central Com
mittee be selected for a Campaign Committee.
Mr. Ashion'a motion was agreed to.
The committee, as appointed, consisted of Messrs.
Judd. Miller, McCrca. Garrick and Baldwin.
After consultation, the following report was sub
mitted: D. A. Oace, General Stiles, Carter R. Har
rison, S. D. Baldwin, William Bellinsbausen, N. T.
Oaeeettc, Bonbon Cleveland, B. Judd,
Conrad Pols, George H. Sidwell. W, A.
Bralnsrd. O. p. Parwell. R. I’. Dcrrick«on. Lambert
Tree, I>. C. SwuUv. Patrick Brennan. W. Storey,
H. Z. Culver. O. W. Posher, A. O. Lone, R. F.
Swcal, Cha*. Biirl.-y. Herman Raster. Horace While,
Blakeley, C. L. Wilson. Fred. Grind.
feThc Executive Committee Is as follows: Jacob
Jlcbm, N. T. Ga-sctie. 11. B. Miller, N. B. Judd, D.
A- Gace, C. H. Harrison and lumber: Tree.
The Campaign Committee \>u authorized to add
to its nieraberElo till vacancle..
On motii.n the committee was requested to meet In
the Superior Court Room In the High School Build'
iop at 2 o'clock this afternoon, and all members are
apcciallv desired to bo present.
The twocommittee* then ailjonrned, subject to the
call of the Campaign Committee.
The Ticket Complete,
corxrv omcKM.
Judge of the Superior Court -John A. Jameson.
Judge of the (Vrcr.lt Court—Samuel W. Fuller.
County Treasurer—Julian S. Rumaey.
Police* Commissioner—Jacob Rchm.
County Commlaatouers—First District, Johns
White Second District. J. I’ahltnan; Third District,
John Crawford Fourth District. Charles Hitchcock;
Filth District. D. C. Shelly: South Side, M. C.
Stearns. John Jones. Christian Wahl; West Side.
Waned Talcott, Joseph Harris. C. U. Harrison- Tom
Loucrgan North Side, John Uertlng. Sam. Ashton,
Joseph Ilaelle.
Mayor—Joaeph McdiU.
City Treasurer—D. A. Gage.
City Collector—Oco. Von Uollen.
CHy Attorney—l. N. Stile*.
Clerk of Police Court—C. R. Malaon.
Police M.iglelr*te«—B.F. Sherlock, John Summer*
field and W. ll.Stickney.
Aldermen— First Ward. C. T. Bowen; Second
Ward Arthur Dixon Third Ward. Philo J. War
ner* Fourth Ward. J.H McAtot; Fifth Wart, K.
B Stone; Sixth Ward, Daniel Kenlflck; Sere mb
Ward, William Bawlelgh; Eighth Wart. Jeremiah
Clowr?: Moth Wart. Jamea McMullen; Ten b Ward,
I. L. Bond: Eleventh Ward. Henry Sweet; Twelfth
Ward, Monroe Heath; Thirteenth Wart. Oco. W.
Sherwood: Fourteenth Wart. Ezra Cleveland;
Fifteenth Ward; J. VantWond; Sixteenth Wart,
OhM S out; Seventeenth Wart. OttoMntachVichnor;
Wntd Owen McCarthy: Nineteenth
6sd«?T«nii.o l w«a, uu**n
v-.~* Wart. Tbomaa Poole: Third
Constable*— Wart, Jayßlodgnt;
Firth* Wirt C. O McSaiT Sixth Ward, Daniel
Tracy; Seventh Wart, John
Mathew Fleming; Ninth Ward, W llltam Morphy,
Tenth B'arfTSoel Lnll; Twelfth Wart, Joseph
Wilson: Fourteenth Ward, Martin Flf
teestb Wart. K. F. OirtstiM- Slxtoenth Wart. J^n
11. Roberts; Seventeenth Ward, Lonl* Hereto
Eighteenth Wart, Thoa. McMahon: Nineteenth Ward.
N. M. Piotke; Twentieth Macanley.
towk omens.
Collector*—Wc« Side. Dominick Klaetech; North
Side, B. W.I.U: BoulV Ude, Jota W. Taosen.
Sipentoon-We* Side. Hcntr PUpJio: Horti
side PclerlUhr; Sooth bide, D. Loewenthil..
ToVn Clerk# —West Side. M. M.Miller North
SldcvJobn i. Hetly; Somlh Side, Loola Spiegel.
«2lobe Lift Insurance Company,.
The ttlobe Mutual Life Inauranoe Compnoy. of
New York, Pliny Freeman, Preaidanu eared all lie
Looks leccipta and pipota Iron. the recant kraal Ire,
cnlcr upon permanent and profitable employment,
in Use following-card. Tbe Globe is one of the »tan
donl companies of the coßßtry, end la too well and
widely known to need comment:
The Globe Mutual Life Insurance Company,
of New York, wish to engage men or In
telligence, Integrity and business ability to
solicit applications for life insurance In
Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, lows, Wisconsin. Mlnnc
jjpls, and Nebraska on liberal terms. Agencies in a’.l
parts ol above States can be formed mto districts
of from three (3) io tea (10) counties, TosEebis
thoroughly conversant with tbe business rare Induce
meats will bo offered. Agents make contracts at this
office with, and work directly for, the company in the
above-mentioned territory. Address, wltb reference.
•1. O. McKinciley. Manager, Northwestern Depart*
meal, No. S3 South Daisied street, Chicago, 111.
THE SUPERVISORS.
Authority to be Asked to Issue
County Bonds to the Amount of
81,000,000—The County Poor—Con
dition of the East Wing—County
Treasurer’s Beport—The Aid and
Belief Society Arraigned—-Assess
ment of Eailroad Property,
MORNING SESSION.
The Board of' Supervisors assembled yesterday
morning at 10 o'clock, in the addition to the High
School building, tbe President, Geo. W. Waite, in
the chair.
Supervisor Bowen offered a resolution requesting
the Governor of the Sure to recommend to the Leg
islature to grant authority to Cook County to iasne
bonds to the amount of notover sl,ooo,o(X),dniwlng7ff
cent interest, and ruunlog for twenty years, the pro
ceeds of the sale of'such bonds to be applied toward
incetiugtho bonds and orders now outstanding and
approaching maturity, as well as the interest on the
fame, and to tbe rebolding of public buildings, and to
meet the deficiency In the receipts for the years 1871
and IST2, owing to the extraordinary expenses and
the lulling off in revenue.
Supervisor Waterman, of tbe Finance Committee,
presented, lu this connection, an Informal statement
of the finances ol Cook County, from which it appear*
cd that $1,281,000 will be needed to meet tbe current
expenses, including floating debt and accrued Inter
est, fortlio year ending December l, 1875. Of that
sum. $029,500 must be provided by a tax levy of
mills on the dollaronan estimated property vajna
tion of seventy millions, or thirty millions less than
before tbe fire; but In order to meet tbe entire sum
needed. It would be necessary to levy a tax of 18 mills
on the dollar. Tbe estimate of $1,281,000 was made
before the Are. There was now in the Treasury
about $66,000, which was unappropriated, and of
which there would probably not be a dollar left when
tbe present Treasurer goes out of office. Between
?500,000 and $650,000 must be met by July 1, 1875, to
/ay nothing ol current expenses in tbe meantime.
liSnpcrvitorHolland was opposed to the resolution,
for the reason that It sbonldgo before the Finance
Committee and receive thorough examination; and,
moreorer.lt would conflict with the report to bo offer
ed by tbe Committee on Poor Bouse and Paupers.
He moved the reference of the resolution to the Fi
nance Committee.
Supervisor Robert Clark thought that the board
should go upon the record as not desiring to have
any band in financial matters beyond tbe needs of the
present emergency. The board had been in bad odor
with the prere, and be wanted to go before the pub
lic with a clean record In this matter.
Supervisor Bowen said that n was not designed,
that the board should borrow any money, but that
the Governor should recommend the Legislature to
gram authority to Cook County to issue bonds. This
might not prove to be necessary, as some other
plan might he adopted by tbe Incoming Board of
County Commissioners.
Supervisor Bluthardt urged the adoption of the
resolution without delay.
Supervisor Worthington spoke to the same effect.
Tbe resolution was referred to the Finance Com
mittee.
The Committee on Poor House and Paupers, to
whom was re.erred the resolution of Supervisor
Buwcn, ottered on Thursday, reported adversely to
asking tho Legislature to purchase the County Insane
Asylum, for toe reasons: First, that tbe proposition
would no- be favorably entertained by the Legisla
ture, ns the State would not deem it advisable to pur
chase the asylum independent *f the Poor House,
with which it la closely connected, being heated by
tbe rstno apparatus: second, that It would not be
proper for the county toask to be permanently relieved
from the care of its insane poor. Tbe committee be
lieve that temporary aid of a more desirable and sat
1-uaclory character can bo obtained from the State,
and v i'li thi> view it la recommended that tbe com-
mitic-j be authorized to draw up and address a com
tminicatiou to the Governor or the State, Heating forth
the facts in the caw. end aaklnc-that bothjlho Insane
A?yl»m..atid the County poor Hou*e be maintained at
tlic expense of the State for two years. iThe report
ivjih adopted.
The Committee on Pnbllc Bufldfntrs nf orted that
the condition of the east win? of the (fart Ilonso
had been examined by Me?sw. DoyLlirton. Van
0?del. Bo*c and Carle, architect!*, who bad found
that the walls and roof were very tdlphtiy injured.
Some of the cracked stone should be removed, and
the roof would require some repairs. The proposi
tion of A. KnUcly to do this work for f-JW had been
accepted by the committee, who had found that all
the mom* in the east wing coaid be put in order at
v-11-itu expense, and recommend that this be done at
once; and also that the «nm of $5,000 be appropriated
to dcfrry the expenses of repairs in tlie ca«t win.;,
and sUo for the outlay required to pnt the High
School buildings in suitable condition fur offices,
court room*, etc. The report was adopted.
The Committee on Miscellaneous Claims reported,
recommending the payment of the /wr rf//m and
of members of the board, together with
other bills.
TUo report of the County Treasurer for the quarter
ending September 1.1871. was received. The follow
tog is an abstract of the report:
Receipts from various tanr«*......~...~—......-•1,t16,W»9,(i!V
Miscellaneous disbursements... 79J.94i.43
Troamrer’s commissions on receipts 11, 6MW
Trensmer’s commissions ou disbursements... a.919.4*
Total disbursements. 510.0W.9j
Balance on hand...................
To balance as per June report
tax collected,...,——..
*65,630.5 l
By coupons paid,;...—,.—... *12.356.59
“Treasurer's com. on receipts..—. 3.3.59
TrcaaU.cr’scotn. ou d'hurseta'ts 61.76—t12.749.07
Bulanee *56,101.4
The Finance Committee reported having examined
the shove and found itto be correct, and It was re
ceived and placed on file.
Inspector Robert Clark moved (hat when the l>osrd
adjourn it be until the second Mouday of November
next, at 2 o'clockp. tn.. and the motion prevailed.
The board adjourned until 2 o'clock p, m.
Afternoon Session,
The board reassembled at 2 o'clock, President Waite
Id the chair.
A communication was received from the County
Agent, setting forth the fact that O. C. Gihba, of the
Chicago Kclief and Aid Society, bad told him that
that aoclctv would relieve all needy persons in the
city this winder, whether they had been bnrnod out
or not, so that the county wonld only have to provide
for the poorontsidc of Chicago. Since that lime the
County Agent had been informed by poor people that
they wero refused relief by the society on account of
not being burned ont, and the County Agent desires
informauoa&a to the course ha shall pursue nndcr
the circumstances.
Supervisor Robert Clark moved to lay the matter on
the table until the second Monday in November.
Supervisor Worthington moved its reference to the
Committee on Poor Uonsc and Paupers, with instruc
tions to report at the November session.
Several Supervisors spoke unfavorably as to the
manner in whlcn the Relief and Aid Society was do
ing It? work, elating that relief was refused to such
poor people of the ctly as had not been homed out.
.Sujtorveor Bowon said that there was no doubt that
as soon as the workings of tha society were more
thoroughly systematized, all the poor of the city,
whether they had been burned ont or not, would re
ceive relief at the hands of the society.
Supervisor Holland moved that the County Agent
bo instructed to confer with the Executive Commit cc
of the Relief and Aid Society, and ascertain whether
the podr of the city of Chicago will be eared for by
that society.
The motion to refer to the Committee on Poor
Houec and Paupers prevailed,with the amendment
Unit tbe committee have power to act.
Supervisor Bowen offercdjalrefiolation requesting the
various railroad companies having property in Cook
Connty to prepare for submission to the board anew
assessment of the property of said companies, to be
considered In connection with such action as may
be taken by tbs Legislature of the State and the
Board of Supervisors upon the assessment of the
property of the county, for the year IS7I. The reso
lution was adopted.
Supervisor Rowen moved the passage of a resolu
tion authorizing the Building Committee to confer
with the city authorities as to the joint occupancy of
the building about to bo erected by the Board of
Public Wot ke, the committee to have power to take
such action as they may deem proper.
Supervisor King moved to lav the resolution on the
table, and the resolution was adopted.
The Finance Committee, to whom was referred the
resolution of Supervisor Bowen, oflered in the fore
noon session, relating to authority to Issue bond*, re
ported recommending Its adoption, and the report
was concurred In.
The Committee on Miscellaneous Claim* reported
recommending tbe payment of sundry accounts, and
the repo:l was adopted.
The Committee for Jail and Jail Accounts reported
recommending tbe payment of bills amounting to
-339.20. and tho report was adopted.
Supervisor Waterman offered a resolution providing
t or the appointment of a special committee, consist
ing of the Chairman, tbe County Clerk anti two Su
pervisors, to take action with the city authorities with
reference to the occupancy by the county officers of
a portion of the temporary Court House.
Supervisor Humphrey moved to lay tbe resolution
on the table.
Considerable wrangling ensued, and finally Super
visor Waterman withdrew the resolution.
The board then adjourned.
MOKE “BUSTEP M »\<iVKA»CE COM*
FAMES,
Application of the State Auditor to DUaolre
the Knickerbocker, Saultablo. Garden City
and Commercial Insurance Companies.
In the matter of (bo application of the State Au
ditor to dissolve the corporation of the Republic In
surance Company, tbe hearing on the ques
(lon of the appointment of a rcCclver
wea postponed In the Circnit Court yes:er
day by consent, it being stated that the company had
taken action looking to the collection of unpaid sub
scription* of stock.
Bills were yesterday filed In the CircnK Court by
the Slate Auditor with to dissolve tbe Knicker
bocker Insurance Company, tbe Equitable Insurance
Company, tbe Garden City Insurance Company and
the Commercial Insurance Company.
These companies were each Incorporated nnder the
gener. I law of the State, and, as in the case of the
Republic Insurance Company, In each of these the
Auditor haa Certified, aa the supervising officer, that
be U satisfied the assets of the company are Insuffi
cient to justify Us continuance In business.
It la represented that the aggregate assets Of the
company, exclusive of capital stock, do not exceed
$511,000; capital stock not paid up, $560,000; losses
sustained. $730,000.
Of the Equitable, it Is stated that on the last day of
December the risks of this company amounted to
$7,000,000; its aaee.a, exclusive or capital stock not
paid op. did not exceed $330,000: capital atock not
paid in. $100,000; losses, $3,000.0u0.
The Garden City Insurance Company is'slated to
hare outS'andlog risks of 15,000.000; assets, ex
clusive of capital stock not paid up, $335,000; capital
stock paid up, $50,000; losses, over $2,000,000.
I*The Commercial Insurance Company is stated to
bare bid outstanding on the last day of December,
risks to the amount of $15,000,000, with assets, ex
clusive of capital stock not paid up, <500,000; unpaid
ft iirrccirerUaskedtobe appointed la each case, on
the allegation that the companies are insolvent.
A. end from PWUP Wuliirwtli. Bn.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
It U known to Uio public thatl waa a candidate tot
Ike office of County Troaanrer before theOro. IIU
known to my frtende that liter Out calamity occurred
I withdrew'iron, the Held that I turo .ltenaed
•ny ot the committed meeting, or authorized *uy-
tody to appear for ma,-or to present my name as a
Bay On tt®’ contrary. 1 have been
attending to my private business exclusively. I did 1
not leam of mv nomination for the office of County
Treasurer until 1 read it lu the newspapers and It
wo* a complete surprise to me. r 1
I now learn that my name baa been remofod from
lac ticket, and that of ilr. Rnmsey substituted. 1
am informed that thl» result vras accomplished
turougha petition circulated in the Board of Trade.
A* I look no pain-, and allowed none to be taken for
me, to rreenre the Domination. I have nothing to re*
proach myself with. I could have obtained plentv of
name" on the Board ofTradc If I bad been willing to
resort to such means. Signatures can alweyabeoh
tabled where no promises to pay arc attached to
them. As to my capabilities, I leave them to those
who know me weft. It is not egotistic for mo to
claim to be able to do all that conld be asked of any
one in such a position as County Treasurer.
PUILP WADSWORTH.
Justice Rendered*
To lit Editor of The Chicago Tribune
The undersigned deem it their dniy.aawcU aa an
act of jnatlce to tbe Richards' Iron Works, to place
on record the important service rendered by their new
Fleam fire engine, during the late conflagration. This*
steamer prevented the spread of the fire to the West
Side of the river, between Madison and Itondolph
streets, and, by means of how laid across the river,
delayed the progress of the fire at Rhodes «t Bradley’s
coal yard until the steamer could be moved to Hatha
ay's Dock. To this steamer, and tbe courageous men
in charge, belongs exclusively the credit of saving the
Randolph street bridge and its eastern approaches
hen seriously menaced by tbe sweeping flames from
ih* wood and cool yards. It ia, perhaps, needless to
add that had Randolph street bridge been destroyed,
Lind’s Block. Lake street bridge, and a largo portion
of the West Side would have scarcely escaped a like
calamity. We also take pleasure in mentioning the
gallant engineers William Dewitt and Waldo Hill,
who stood nobly to their post until the public and pri
vate property which they bad undertaken to protect
was free from danger.
Rhodes Bradley, Puller* Puller,
Wright Beebe. P. L. Hathaway,
Star Crescent Mills, Daniel Bogle.
T. W. Baxter Co., Miner T. Ames* Co.,
E. Hempstead, Munson Co.,
T. A. Mingo Co., H and 1C Randolph at.
Z. M. Hall.
It is with pleasure we inform our readers tbst the
renowned optician, J. G.Langgutb, has again opened
with a complete and full stock'of optical and
mathematical Instrument**, at No. 22 West Randolph
street. Chicago. Although he lost everything at the
Are, he la ready to-day to supply anything in his
line. Architects and builders will particularly find a
fine stock to select from. Spectacles are in abund
ance.
Acknowledgment.
To the Public
I take pleasure in acknowledging the promptness,
Intelligence and efficiency of Mcesn. J. H. C. M.
Gcodeell, of The Spectator, No. 70 Canal street, lu
preparing the proofs of loss and other papers con
nected with certain of my claims upon insurance
companies, growing ont of the recent fire. My ex
perience In the matter jaatifles my recommendation
of there gentlemen to such of my friends as may
need such services.
Chicago, Oct. 86, J. H. LTON.
The American Insurance Company.
The New York Tribune places the American Insur
ance Company, of this city, among the insolvent com
panies in consequence of the Chicago fixe. This is
an error which should be corrected. Tbe American did
not lose SI,OOO by tbe fire, as it had but one small pol
icy within tbe burnt district. Tbe American takes
risks only on farm booses, boms, and detached dwell
ings In towns and villages. Hence Us escape from
the general loss.
—■Mrs. James Morrison desires information of her
brother-in-law, John Mitchell, who kept a crockery
store on Division street before the fire. Any Intelli
gence may be sent to O. C. Gibbs, No. -109 West Wash
ington street.
DICKINSON ritOt'TV— Bf tbe Uov, B. 11*7. at
CrruUl Lake, Sunday. Oct. 22J. Mr. L. L. UicUnioo sod
Miss Emm* L. Prstity, both of Chicago.
BEEBK— KUEBS-In Baltimore. Md.. on Dm 9lb
lost., by tha Rev. N. C. Simms. D, D., asilstou hr tbs
Iter D, C. Man Ui«. Wm. U- Beebe, of Chicago. 111., and
Kate, daughter of the late Wm, Kreha.
DIED.
NEWCOMBE—Octobfr 2Ttb, at the residence of J.
Van Duzer. 17a West Washington st.. lien nr A.
com)*. of Chirac". aged «»ywws. Ills remains vrllt be
lak«n to Wnukr> ba fur interment.
London ICannda) and Green Bay (W is.) papers please
copy.
WASON-ln this city, on the 37th Inst.. L. M. M«»on,
Ese.. aged M years, a mouth*. Funeral .“’meet to J.if.
at 1:30 o’clock p. m., from hi# lute residence, in Win-
Chester at.
CoS2loß—October 2Mh. Mapate, daughter of John
and Jnno Connor, ased Wy'-nr*. Funeral from tne Ml;
dcoce other titter, Mrs. Jouuis lok, t*<o South (anal
at..at half-past 12p. m.
Canada paper* please copy.
horses ani> carriages.
BOARD FOB UOB.'ES TUBING TIIK WINTEB-
The undersigned ha* first-cla»s nccommtrlations f’r
horses; bnx stMls. ground floor. groin. hay, Ac. WR!
care well for them, and return them in as good condition
as when taken out. or charge nothing for tholr keeping.
Parties leaving orders with Dixon h Hamilton, iit
Slate-st,, or Brownson, Hayden A Co,. 792 Wabash -av..
c nnhave their hotaea taken ont and returned freed
charge. K. C. 11.
FOIt SALK—Horse, top baccy, and harness, cheap, at
northwest corner of Oakwood and Cottage Grove
I'OU SALK—Or trade—A lot of cheap horses; also.
several good drivers, b. P. CKKGAK, 35 West
Washington st.
r?OR BALK-Onepalr hoary draft horses and truck,
r on* pair matched bay carriage horses, very cheap.
Inquire at 9*3 Piairie ar. oarlytn morning or evenlng-
B. ADAMS A CO.
$3,099.77
55.759.71
170R SALE-A pale of Urge bay horses, well broken,
Jr good travellers; will do for carriage or express team.
Apply at 654 Indiana ar.
I AM *llll buying, telling, boarding, and letting
hoiaes. and bare customers for a single rig. and one
for a saddle hone different to what I have on hand.
Corner lUrmancnnrt and Victoria ar., roar32sWabash
sv. M.O. BRADLEY.
WANTED-Horses to winter on hay. with shelter,
*1 per week; Jnslii extra. Address E. L. POME
RUT. Crystal Lake. 111.
TTrANTED-A boras and oxprosf wagon. Apply to ot
W address JOHN TURBY, soutbesst corner Wash
iogton and Roby sis.
TXT ANTED—The ots of a bone, buggy, and harass*
\V for keeping this winter. Call to-day on
SNELL. TAYLO R A CO., 366 Wabash ar.
WANTED— Horse, boggy, and harness; horse must
be voting and sound, Will pay cash it very cheap.
O R, GLOVKIt, 363 Wabash ar.
WANTED— To purchase—Two second-hand lumber
wagons. light, and In good order. Address 11. U.
IIAAFF. 112 Cottage Groveav.
TTTANTED—A good saddle horse, or horse and buggy.
\Y for rash. Cell at 43 West Wsiblngloa si., Boon
14. SMALL 4 BRO.
TI7ANTEP—To purchase a top buggy, also horse.
\V Leave word at SAWYER 4 DROWN. first alley
south oi Madison St, Wtween Centre at and Aber
deen st.
TTTAIJTBD-A horse and wagon for their keeping
VV th: nnch the winter, by a responsible party. Ad
dress GKO. LITTLE* Blll>.. JllWni Lake-st.
\T7ANTED—To purchase a good baker's team. Ap-
YV ply at 702 West Lake st.
WANTED— A strong. Open-top. square buegy or
business wagon, st hardware store 105 Twenty
second st.
TIfANTED—’To purchase a good single horse; he must
V? be good in every respect, a goml stepper, and very
low price for caab. Address C. HOLLAND, Tribune
office.
TITASTKD—To purchase a good horse for use nndar
VI saddle: also a saddle and bridle; or t will give
good care and only geutle exercise to a good animal
for his use. Address CASHIER P. Tribune office.
WANTED— Second-band or nearly rew, two top Car
riages (two seated); also two top buggies, tor
country use. Mn*the seen between 13 nod 3 to-day, as
parlies leave cl ty to-night, at H2l West Monroe st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A MANUFACTURING COMPANY of this city with
a tares and wMI-«UbU«Urd lr»d«, wocn tlr burned
out, desires trom 125,0ff) to Sli6.uUtO ago re
sume business. Capitalists desiring an absolutely jtfr
hud profitable Investment will please address, with real
name. M G, U6 Tweatr-secoud-si.
A GOOD, young, matched team, weight about 2..VW
ttonnds. for sale, at new barn, corner of Wabash
av.andTldrly-sSXth st. Call to-day.
A BAKERY with two ovens and a good established
boose trade for sale. Bakery 32 by 65 feet. Corner of
West Twelfth and Rrowjj-lts.i
A BABE CHANCE—The leading h*t store of Daven
port, lowa, for sals. Address, WM. li. FABBAND,
Davenport lowa.
ALONG-ESTABLISHED (floor and feed store (for
sale, with a long lease, on reasonable rent. In
quire at the place, 716 West Madison st., corner Hon-
DRUG STOCK, furniture, fixtures, Ac., for sale.
Parlies intending to re-establish themselves in
(be drag business in (his city may hear of an opportu
nity to purchase a well selected stock of drugs and me li
clnee, furniture, fixtures, Ac., on very favorable terms,
hr tufting Buffalo, and inquiring at office of Buffalo
Commercial Advertiser.
FUR SALE—Retail grocery store, doing a splendid
buiineaa, th* lea alone paying well, in a good loca
tion; well eiiabUened. The owner has enraged in an
other business; cannot attend to both. All clear; no
liabilities. It is a good chance for anyone with the cap.
ttal to make money. For particular* apply to ME AD A
HIGGINS, wholesale grocers, corner o> Green and Wash
ington ate. Chicago.
FOR SALE—The whole or part interest Inaaash.
door, or blind factory. Address E. U. SHERMAN,
2)4 Sontb Sangamon st.
E'OB SALE—The household furniture of a boardlue
a- hente, northeast corner of Thlrty*ni«*th**t. and
Wentwortb-ar. with three years* teaae. Arcommi*da
tfon for thirty boarders, and house lull. Iteasoa for
aellinc. sickness. Apply on premises.
TOOR SALK—STeerai food-aiied horses, suitable for
r teams; also, two fomplet* rigs: horses, top baccy,
and harness; one piano box lutur and harness at a bar*
fain, at Ccniro-av. Stable, 370 and 372 Madlson-st,
FOR SA LE—A good bone, wafon. and harness, sulta*
Lie for express or grocery. Price, $130: worth 13).
9TS Madison at., up stain.
FOU BALK—Either a half or partial interest iu a welt
established and profitable bally and We*k|r Newa-
K W r and Job office, located iu one of the moil promts
g cities In the Slate of lowa. Intending purchaser
mutt be a practical nawspaper mao. For term* sod
particulars, address C. C.. care Gao. P« Bowsll A Co., it
Park-Bew, New York.
FOR SALB-Stock of millinery, fancy foods. fixture*,
and lease, at a reasonable price. located (a the best
part ot tha city. For particulars inquire at 3% State at.
T?OR SALK—A grocery store, corner of Purple and
X Rlgiusts. Inquireoutbepremiscs.uear Archer at.
FLOORING MILL and ffriatmlll for sals or to lease.
One of ihalarrest and best appointed mill* In tbs
Eastern Stales, well situated to receive grain and
transport haflour, wiib a Urte lo»l buaiaeas- For ta
formation apple to F, C* KENNEDY. \i taooski Falla,
Vaimoot; or JOSKFU SAWYER, li Chauacy-at., Bos
ton. Maas.
FOIt BALK—OB BENT—A foandryaad machine abop
at WaQk*caa.ts rnontos order. Inquire of K. L.
L AMH. M Booth jrfforvon at., Chloaffo, or w, B. A C.
A. WKHDEN. Waekefao.
FOR BALK—No bettor chance lo the city. Any boat-
Dr «a man wlahln* to boy a retail clotblnr. Boot
and ahoe atore. which fa altaated In tbe boat location on
the Archer an, and baa been carried force erer tea
rears with uncceea, aa the onder»l«ned wiahiaff to
retire from baaloee*. that* will be no better chance
fora boainteaman to inquire atM Archer ar. CHRIST
BLBAS. Also, a piano worth 31.200 to be told for one*
third.
FOR KALB—The Mitine. better, and machinery o
the Star PtaelßA IUU. tofetber wit h the horeee.
wagon*. railroad track, Urn. Ac.; tha|larn dock
.S talldlanM.b..rorchMrf orl«»i hrm
bt« trrtaa. Inqoira of oraddreM UAhhAQ A
LtftLAß. 3W Atoher a»., Chicago, UL.
GROCBBT atock -and bnlldtnc for aala, cheap;
cor. Tbirtyeroood and Stata*«.
IN the•thriTinir Tillage of VTanconda. X»aKa Ceoetr.
tit ulaos for aale. dotes a flrat*rata bntiseea.
•Lao dwrllins hooae and lot. Price for the whole
*M«). Poaeaaalon ffren Immediately. Inquire on
tbepremiaea.
IHAVR bnyeri for fire or air honea. bOMtaa, and
liarneeeee, and they all are to be tbla
d«r<from 2 to 4 p.'tn. Ho aoctioo, brlrate Mlaa. If
you want toaall or bay, yoo cannot low nytt
callinc. I hare eoma on hand. U arm on court
and Victoria at., rear of M 5 VTabAah ar. M. 0.
BRADLT.
A LOOS FOB SAll-With itock tod ttltorre.
with I year*'lean. feentre on premiere, coroor
nrriwwlb st.- sat Twnt; ■—coad W. K.
BU&KK.
PUQCIIAaK t‘h* b«« clfsr sad la.
slOl/ iirco iudl ialh»eltf. for psfUool*r( si*
iitw P 0, TrilittM oOco,
THE CHICAGO TRIBHHEY
Personal.
MARKEED.
ATWITSEMpyf*;,
GLOBE THEATRE*
COL. WOOD’S MUSEUM COMPANY AT
THE GLO3B:
.'THURSDAY, FRIDAY. AND SATCBDAY. Oct.
m «6, 527, its. and
f* TUHI> A Y MATINEE.
Tire maid of Munster,
Loan of n Lover,
Your Life’s In. Danser.
OVNa improper persona admitted.
STAB LECTURE COURSE
MTcliififnn-av. Baptist CUuvclx,
'MONDAY EVENING. OCT. 30,
BAYARD TAYLOR.
Subject: “Schiller.” Tickets. 50 cents. For sale at
the principal stores on the South Side.
MM MOB
AUCTION SALES.
GEO. P. GORE CO.,
Kos. 1 and 2 Bandolph-at., cor. Jlichlgan-av.. wit
have their
Regular Saturday Sale
NOV. 4. AT IO A. Mi,
OF NEW AND SECOND-HAND
FXJ PL IST ITURE,
HOUSEHOLD GOODS, CARPETS A CROCKERY.
This sale will be very large and attractive and parties
having goods to dtipr~aef should send them in as early
sa pcsslble.
Bj G. p. gore a co„
1 and 2 Randolph-st., cor. Michigau-av,
Formerly 23,21, and 26 Randolph st.
Once more before the public fora Saturday's sale in
our large and spacious store, 43x170 feet. Regular bat*
urday bale of
Household Furniture
Ofevery description. Parlor and Chamber sets. Bed
steads, Bureaus, Tables, Hair Mattresses, Spring Beds.
Crockery, Glassware, Stewart Cook and Fabler Stoves, 6U
crates Crockery; In open and original Iota; 2,oooyards
Carpets, Ao,, Ac., on Saturday. Oct. a. at 10 o'clock.
C. I*. GORE A CO..
Auctioneers.
DRY GOODS,
WOOLLENS,
CAOERWEiB, NOTIONS*
And a largo and slogan t lino of
MEN’S, BOYS’, AND CHILD’S
CUSTOM MADE CLOTHING*,
Id Suit*. Coats, Pants, Vesta, and Ot.-rcost*. Also 33
down Umbrellas, AT AUCTION, oo TUESDAY, Oct.
Sl.atlQa.m. GKO. P, COKE A CO.,
Nos. 1 and 2 Randolph st.. cor. Michigan ar.
Country and City Merchants
The coeds are HERE, and you can buy them at yoai
wn price, as the consignor* must hare money for
EIGHT HUNDEED OASES
Boots, Shoes
AND RUBBERS,
Consisting ofall grade* and style* of good*. Including
Men's, Women's -ml Misses' articles, and Water-Proof
Overs, that will be sold at auction on W KDN KsDAi,
November 1. «t XO a. in., by GEO. P. GORE A CO.
1 and 2 Randolph-st.,
CORNER WICUIOAK-AV.
SPECIAL SALE
Of the entire stock of a retail dealer la
DRY GOODS,
Gents’ Furnishing Goods,
Hats and Caps, Notions, Eto.,
Whose store was burned in the Great Fire, will be
held on THURSDAY, Nov. 2, at 10 a. m., by
GEO. P. GORE A CO.,
1 and 2 Handolph*Bt», cor. Hichigan-ar.
WM. A. BUTTERS 00.,
ATJCTIONKERB,
Dare resume! business la their new. substantial, and
comfortsble.buliding,
Nob. 3 aud 4 Dearborn Park,
Directly opposite their old stand ou East Raodolpb-at.,
which will b« known as
THE RED FRONT.
40 crate* white granite ware and IM packages
AT AUCTION.
On TUESDAY, October 31. at 10 o’clock.
At the RED FRONT Salesrooms, 3 and 4 Dearborn
Park,
WM. A. BUTTERS A CO., Auctioneers.
IVo. 47 Hubbard Court.
GENTEEL FURNITURE,
PIA.NO FORTE, dec.,
AT ATJCTIONi
Cr. ITPESDAT. October 31, ,t IS o'clock, .1 d-clllne
No. 47 Hnbbard court, wo will sell without reserve, for
cash, tbe entire furniture, consisting of parlor and
chamber mirrors, carpms, dining room, and
kitchen furniture, tedding, stores, china, gloss, plated
wore, Ac., Ac.
WM. A. BCftER3 A CO., Auctioneers.
rase* Boots* shoei, Balmorals and
Barber**
A.X AUCTION*
On WEDNESDAY, November I, at 9'S o’clock.
At the Bed Front salesroom*. 3 and Dearboru.Patk,
A VV M. A. BUTTERS. Auctioneer*.
Dry (joodi* Clothing, Notion** Sta
tionery, doc.
at auction,
On THURSDAY, November 1, at 9,S o’clock.
At the Bed Front salesroom*.3 and 4 Dearborn Park.
W3I. A. BUTTERS A CO., Auctioneer*.
Seven New Top Buggies,
One second-hand carriage,
AT AUCTION,
On MONDAY. Oct. 30. at 10 o’clock, at onr newsal#*-
room. Send Dearborn Park. _
WM. A. BUTTERS A 00.. Auctioneer*.
Sale 10. 184 Park-av.,
Valuable Lease and Handsome Furniture.
On Monday morning, the 30th inst., at 10 o’clock, on
the premia**, will be sold at auction, the le*»e of a two
story room*, bath, gas, aud all modern conveni
ences; vent very low.
Haadacme Household Furniture,
Immediately after the sale of the lease, will be sold,
without reserve, for ca*h. the entire furniture. Incind*
ing elegant rosewood RnaU lUanofaPt*. MP#r»or nielo
deon, handsome walnut chamber fornlmre. On* mal
treaees aad spring bed*, superior parlor and dining room
furniture, elegant carpels, oil painting*, kitchen ntea*
ail#, Stewart's cook store, parlor stov w. Ac.. Ac.
By GILBERT MARTIN,
Maud West Madison at.
Sale at th* new auction room*. M and 60 West MaJi
son at Hon-ehold Furniture, Fine Show Cue* sod
SiTORDAT MOItNINO.
FOR SALE.
FOR SALE—New piano, seven octave. of superior
tone and finish. will be aold at a sacrifice. Apply
toon at S5 Twenty-third-at.
FOR SALE—Cheap—A large secondhand safe, double
doors inside and out, suitable for jewellara. banker*
or intsrance. Ingulf* at 451 Wabash av.
FOR SALE—A lot of second -hand typ*. rules boni
er*, furniture. Ac. Also Adams Book Frees. 27XiI.
D. C. CHANDLER A CO.. Indianapolis, Zud.
FOR SALE—Bargains—47 yard# velvet carpet, ftl per
yard; 63 yards elegant body Brnasela carpet, latest
style, worth 92.60 per yard—l2.ls will buy it; floe stair
and hall carpet*. Illuminator, reeervolr store. wal
not and ebony chamber set for single person, china, cur
tain*. cheap bed*t*ads. Call earlr, ax things are going
fsst, at No. M Sth si, between Michigan and Rabaab
are.
FIR SALE—3OO,OOO pressed hrkk, delivered on ear* at
once, or at reduced prices later in the season. MO
NEY \T. SEA, Battle Creek, Stick.
r?OR RALE—A fim-ulaae ticket (mn Chicago to Den
i: rerat a reduction. Apply to Grand Hotel, corner
Madiaon and Canal st*.
ONK of the oldest and most desirably located Steam
Bakery* in the Northwest for sale. Reputation and
trade unsurpassed. Will give a good bargain and ex
change for Chicago real aetata. For parliclnars call at
Ham Rouse, corner Grove and Twanty-eecond st*. L.
11. PRENTISS.
PIANOS', organa, and melodeon# for sal* and to rent!
repairing and storage, at the Chicago Piano Fac
tory, 249 Randolph at., by J. PRESTON.
FOR SALE—One Cottrell A Babcock power press,
19x24 (new). with steam fixtures; price *1.300. Ad
drtae EDWARDS A SAGS, 110 Sooth Fourth at., St.
Louis.
FARTHERS WANTED*
PARTNER WANTED—WiII sell half interest inrar
nitura elore end repair shop for 11,000. 1 went an
hooMt. straight-forward basinets man or non*. This
is a rare chance. Call at 77 South Halsted at.
PARTNER WANTED—In a stock raising bniinesi In
Mlntmsota. I own two section* of the lineal and
best located- lands in th# State, one-half mile from de
pot and town; 400 um in cultivation. Address W 3*.
T., car* J. Bauer A Co.. No. 614 M)chigan-av.
mAAA PARTNER WANTED—By a sufferer ol
*JUU the late fire, in an honorable already oe
reuished busineutenly those having the capital and
mean boslneis need apply. Call on of address. PART
NEB, from 2 to 4. care Jeroa A Alffliol, 6M Siaie st.
MAGHINERT*
B DANDY'S Stationary and Portable Engines and
mw mills. Daniel* A Woodworth’s planers, sash
ticker and moulder, shaping machines and mortices
machine*.MOaaal-st. F. W. NORTHROP. Agt-
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1871.
CITY Rnax ESTATE.
FOR SALB-46x150, with building Nos. 63 and 65
South Canal n.
60*135 feet ou Madison at,, epat of Panlioa et.
N>xlts feet on Randolph at., Dear Hslated.
100*1 32 fret, corner Bryant ami Loire at.
76*75 feet, corner Clark and Seventeenth eta.
60*135 f«-ef, with two brick buildings. Park «r,
90xeO feet. Filth ar., between Washington and Ran
dolph ft*.
4 acres on railroad adjoining Boomer’s bridge-works;
splendid manufacturing property.
10 acres on Michigan ar., between Forty-first and
Forty-second eta.
40 acres on Harrison and Twelfth sts., near Douglas
Park.
30 feet on Randolph, east of Clark st.
To the above, and other property in different parts of
the city, we invito the attention of purchaser!, KERB.
DAMhOM A WELCH. Boom I, 63 south Osaal at.
FOU SALE—A new two-story house of 9 room*, with
8 years’ lease of lot. on Calnu*t-av. Ilonse will
rapt for tTOO a year. Will sell for 92,600. part on time.
P.'A. BROWN. Real Estate Agent, Room 5. No, 375
Stalest.
FOR SALE—Or Rent—Fora term of years, a doable,
•tone front, three stories and basement, contains 36
W vvi. L—W4.UU. V JUHMUV
*eldes store room*, baths, closets. Ae;.usw, just
i!shcd;cao be had separate or together; first
cation, near Sixteenth at on avenue. P. A*
1. Real Estate Agent. Room 5, 376 State st.
rooms, be
being no!
class loci
BROWN.
FIR SALE—A decided bargain la business property in
lb® burst district, to-dsy: also a few good bargains
in North hide properly. BASH A SHAPLEY, 13 South
Canal at,' Boom 4.
T50I: SALE—Or Rent—Several honsea of from stu to
a rooms, at low figures. In Evanston, North Evans
ton, and Glencoe; monthly payments will hoy bouses
or Sots. C. E. BROWNE, Room 11, 34 Cana! at.
FIR BALE—House No. 7M West Lake st. and lease of
lot. Enquire of C. E. MOuRE, 195 West Madison st.
T?OB SALE—Cos'd and cheap lots on the Sooth Side,
X? on Arnold, Bntterneld, Bnddsn. Garibaldi. Twenty
fifth, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh. Twenty-eighth.
Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth, and Thirty-fistb-sts., and on
Wentworth, Wallace, and Sburtleff-avs. Fire years.
5 per cent. No advance in price, though such lots must
double In vale*.' The increased demand for building
lots near where so many ten* of millions must be paid
for tabor will advance the price of such lots. The old
prices and very easy terms. ALBERT CRANE, S7I
Wabash av.
FOB BALE—House and lot No. Ml 35th st. near Wa
bash ar.- Lot 25x100; house. 9 rooms with modern
improvements. Terms easy.- Apply on premise*.
1?0R SALE—Or rent—New 7-room cottage, thirty
•Jl mlDUteaoat,bn Galena road. Addreetarinquire
of Ji A. COST, 12 Eldrldge court.
FOB SALE— Burnt District—24 feet on Clark, near
Monroe: very cheap. WJI. D. KEBFOOT A CO.,
59 East Washington st.
FIB SALE—Property In the burned district on Clark,
State, Van Daren. Jackson, and Dear born sts.. ex
tension. J. HENRY WEIL, southwest corner of State
and Harrison its.
I7OU SALE—Burnt District.
GO feet. Dearborn at, near Waahiogtoa—bargain.
40 fast, Randolph, near Wells st; >40,000.
50 feet, cor. State and Harrison its.
MILLER A BIGDUN, Esal Estate Agents, 300 West
Madison st.
F)R SALE—On eaav terms, a large and well btfilt cot
tage, with lot of 30x124 feet, on Walnot at, between
lioyne and Robey at*. Immediate poasetaloo. Apply at
ones to E. PRESSING, 66 West Lake at.
FOB SALE—A throe-rear lease of *3-a»orr and base
ment building on Caoal-st., between Madison and
Bandolph-sls. Address MO O, at this office.
FOR SALE—Store And three years' lease of ground on
.Sute-st: 3-room house land lotoa Aberdeen-at.,
Memo bam* and, lot-on Eumeey-st., .r*rj de
sirable. only's3oo down.'’also' leaso and furniture
of boarding bouse in heart of buslneaa, on West Side,
ull of paying boarders, br 8. ALLEN i CO.. BeslKa*
ato Agent*. IS West Randolph-**.
FOR SALE-Or exchange for property Id the burnt
district, with Immediate possession;
3 r-story and basement boose* oo the North Side,
near Fullerton *r., with lota. _
2 marble fronts, 2-stery and basement, with brick
I brick bouse, 2-« tory and basement, with brick barn.
4 collages. with lot. in Mat locality.
10 2-story botieea, 3 with brick basements, on Booth
Fide, near Cottage Grorear.
4 boose* on thoWeet Side, with lot* and possession.
Several leaseholds on West Madison at., with poi
*Tp.' DOWNS A CO., Boom 2, No, 59 Weat Madi
son at.
FOR SALE— 3OxI2O on State-at., opposite tbe new
Palmer' Hotel, or will lease It for thirty years.
Address D. GROSSMAN, IJOEIIIs-ar.
UOU SALK-Finely furnished brick honse. Apply
X at i 2.» Wabnab-av.
For Sale-Cheap-Flrst.class house and lot. Douse
two story and basement, pressed brick. Contains
latest improvements. Lot 37 feet, east front. Alto
gether one of the pleasantest placet In tbs city. Small
payment down. Inquire on premises, 903 Indiana ar,
nest Twentieth st.
FOB SALE-Or to Bent—We hare tbroa out of a block
of five elegant Freer stone dwellings, three stories
and basement, first-class in every respect, for sale or to
rent; located on EHIs-ar. Inquire at corner Elllt-ar.
and thlrty-seventh-et. HOLLAND PBEAR.
FOB SALE—Donee and lot No. 173 West Jsckson-st.;
lot2Sxl6ofeel; front* on two streets: 16 room#; wa
ter In three places: bet air furnace, gas, Ac. Inquire np
stairs on th« premises.
FOB SALE—Large stone front house, 27*60, good brick
bum. on Wabash ar., near Daemon court. AYBUS
A EuFF, Ml Wabash ar.
I ?OH BALE-Frult farms worth from *2.000 to $12,006
situated from one to fire miles from St. Joseph to
exchange tor Chicago properly. SNYDER A LEE, Real
Estate Agent*. No. 9 South Hoisted at.
70H SALE—Lota of any required site In either dl
vision of the city for manufacturing or residence
purpofos on long time, without any cash payment, to
parties who wish to improve imiueiiatoly. sMDEIt
A LEE. Beal Estate Agents, No. 9 South Halsted st.
T7OR SALE—The elegant brick house 545 Michigan
at |2 rooms, all modern Improvements; hand
somely finished and decorated, and expensively far
nUlied; will ho sold on easy terms; lot 36x130 feel to
ellev: immediate occupancy given. It desired. FRED.
L. FAKE a CO., 540 Michigan ar.
FOR SALE-A large lot on the river, near Clark
■t., suitable for a warehouse, mill, or factory;
50x190 feet; terms easy. Also, desirable business lots
in the burnt district. FRED, L. FAKE A C0.,.M3
Michigan ar.
FOB SALK-600 feet corner Michigan ar. and
Foriy-flrat st., at the low price of SSO per foot;
the croaUat bargain outside the burnt dietrict, D.
KEUFOOT A CO.. 69 Rest Washington st.
F'OU SALE—64,2so— Michigan ar.. 3 slorr and
basement frame house, with 1 3years' lease; near
Fourteenth st.: immediate possession given. J. KsAIAS
WARKEN. 415 Michigan ar.. near .Thirteenth «U
F'OB SALE—OK TRENT—Property with building*
—West Halsted st. bridge. North Branch. Ad
dress P, Tribune office.
FOB SALE-To Briekmskers—Blrer lot, 271x450
feet, on the South Branch, near Thirty-fifth st.;
will sell and take payment in brick, which can be
msdo on the lot; a rare opportunity for brick
maker*. SNYDER A LEE, Real Estate Agents, 9
South Halsted st.
F'OKSALK— By D. C. MOREY. Real Estate Broker
and Notary Public, No. 116 Weat Madison at.,
24 feet on Madison st,.near Green sU, a fine business
lot;3Qxl3J, Latest.. K«stof lUUtod; 30 feet Clinton
st., near Adams, with hou-e. store, and lease; 129
Blue Island ar. and cottage la rear, tl.OOu. 123 feet
on Oepuyster *L, East of Halsted st. Pavement
down, at a bargain.
FOR SALE—IISxI44 feet, South-East ’corner of
Michigan ar. and 36th st, Easy terms. SNYDER
X LEE, Real Estate Agent*, 9 South Halsted at.
FOR SALE-Good cottage. 5 rooms. No. 235 Mar-st.
nrsr Harrison, sad lot 25x150. possession Nor. 10;
Brice 92,500. J. H. KEELER, 202 Ualsted>st„ Corner
isrrisou.
FOR SALK—Lot 25x125 on Peorla-st,. between Tyler
and Harrison, east front, J. B. KEELER, 261 lial
sted-st., corner Harrison.
FOR SALE-At a bargain. No. 212' LearllMt., 'a
handsome 2-story dwelling and Int 50 feet. rooms,
mantels, pistxs, etc., just painted and calsomlaed.
choice neighborhood, very easy terms. Also two other
houses io same loc ilitr. Apply at 164 Leavltt-st.
FOB SALE—Or Rent—The twootery dwelling bans'
22x63. No. 79 Sonth Sangamoo-st. contalnl*
tennis, pantrlw*. elutels, etc..in best order, with f
water, upon a lot 30x130, with go;d stable. I* k *nd
store 123 West Randolph-st. .quire iu
FOR SALE—A new two-story c-*.
years’ leafe of ground, r*' jttage house and six
immediately. luaulroo- -y cheap; possession given
tnon-st. premises, 143 South Sanga-
F°,Uer l on’fi; H!nt -ror Hrra of rar., 10
Tventy-sl’xlh hurtbeart comer of Calumet ar. and
PrtowS wilh ri»a Church building thereon.
one-halfcasb. baJifiCdln to? years, at 10
per cent, or will rent at $2,000 per year. XuqOllO «l
CLARKE. LAYTON A CO.. 376 State-at.
FOR SALE-Dy C. J. CORSE A CO. Ko. 9 South Ca
nal st.. Room 6:
Two-story honse, 9 rooms, lot 396x132. two blocks of
d’POt. at Maywood, very cheap, on monthly payment*,
or «ill take horse and buggy in part payment.
Cotiage house, and lot 25x125, on Lake at., between
Lincoln and Robey.
House, and lot 20x130. three-itory brick, with base
ment, on Donor* st.. between Jackson and Adams.
House, and lot 20xi20: two-story house, with brick
basement, on Throop st., near Adams.
COUNTRY RE AT, ESTATE.
TO LEASE, TO SELL. TO RENT.—To the lodnt
triona and energetic of Chicago, that are disposed
to move here to free firewood, free timber to build,
free soil for gardens, firs year*’ free commons .';r
psslore, good'six to eight months ‘.b? ffif. free
mast of nuts to fatten hogs all winter for owner,
free schools four to fire months, cheap wells, free
water, lumber tor work if sawmill comes, plenty of
work cutting timber, making ties, staves, splitting
board* forf shingle*. All the land* heavily timbered
)o native forest, variety of oaks, hickory, ash.
beach, sugar tree, linden, elm; plenty small trees
and pole* to build .cheap boose*. Twentf-Uve mites
south-easter Daoviila, Ills. 3? mile* south of Attica,
Jnd.. in the south part of Fountain county, r. S, t.
IS, e. IP, 1), 13, three miles north of Uarveyehtirg.
DBIAL Dt.EE. Uasveysborg postoffite, Fountain
county, Indiana.
FOBLEASE-for Rent—For Ssle—To the penal*
1«m and industrious of Chicago, free fuel wood;
free fire wood, free building timber; free lumber for
work if mill comes; free toll years; free garden;
free commons for pasture; good 6 to 3 months bogs
fatted free for the owner this winter on acorn* and
out*; cheap well*; free water; free school* 4 months.
Fountain County. Indiana, 35 mile* southeast of
Danville. 111., 33 miles south of Attica. Ind., 2 miles
north of Harryibnrg. URIAL DEER, Harvytbnrg
P. 0., Fountain County, lod.t
'Y?OR SALE—Farm known as North Meadows, 1,100
i? acres choice Und, good Improvement*, well
fenced, watered in every field. An extra opportunity
for stock growers. Also half interest or whole of Sr.
ManrV Lake Farm, MOO acre# three miles of Battle
Creek, Mich- Fine large residence, modern improve
ments, handsome grounds view of lake, abundance
of fruits, best site for resort hotel and water cor* is
Michigan. Uaa five tenant home*, shops, large
steam saw mill, steam brick works, best machine
purest clay. With now to build hotel and improve
other way*. Will sell first premises or divide tbe
Utter to farther such Improvement*, aarcept Chi*
easo property in exchange. Address SIDNEY,W. SEA,
Battle Creek. Mich.
REAX. ESTATE WANTED.
TTTANTED—Chicago real estate In exchange for
YY 203 acre farm near city of Toledo and adjoining
first station weel on Michigan Southern Railroad.
Apply at 63 North Jefferson at.
TST ANTED—To buy or lease 90 or 100 feet of rround
Ya on State, Dearborn. Clark or LaSalle at, for
building. SNELL. TAYLOR A OR, Wabash ar.
WANTED— Bf C. J. Cora* A Co., Heal Estate
Agents, No. 9 Sooth Cans) it,. Boom 6. ini
proved and unimproved property, west of Daisied,
and betaeen KlnsJe and Harrison at*,, for customers;
also lots in burned district.
TtTANTKD—'To purchase, for cash, aSOor 30 foot lot
Vr in the burnt district, South Division, North of
Madison and east of LaSalle at. Address by letter, J
M N.i 357 Wnt Adams st.
WANTED— Z wish to rent or purebaaea lot in the
burned diitrict. Addreee. arith location and term*.
D. J. LAKE, l»Sooth Consist.
WANTED— For cash, 23 or 100 feet on Market it, be
(worn Hadisou and Lake sti. Cell or addreee J,
HENRY WEIL, southwest corner of flute and Ham
aon-eta.
WANTED-TO LEASE—2O to 50 feet front in on*
piece in burnt district, long or short lime. Madi
son or Clerk, oisr corner, or between Clark st. and
bridge preferred. Address 0B 0, Tribune office.
TlTASTKD—Bosinees property In the Sooth Division
T* in the burnt district for Immediate purchasers. J.
IT. KEELER, 262 Hslited st, corner Harrison.
TTTANTKD—To less* a lot in the burnt district. Par
s'v tie* baring lota to lease or sell will find it to their
Intenwt to sendosUsts. W. T. CDSBINO. Real Estate
sod Loans, 204 West Madison st.. Rooms 5 and 6.
WANTED TO B£KT-
TTTANTKD—To Bent—A small bouse, 7or S rooms,far
tt nkbsdor oofnrnlehed, north of 3lst st. Address,
stating terms and location, GKO. P. SMITH, Cashier
Local Freight office. 1. C. B. B.
TTTANTED—To Bent—By a lady. West Side, one or
tv two rooms, central, for housekeeping. 463 West
Madison st, tat door.
WANTED— In th* South Division, a well furnished
house. Address, with location, Cera*. Ac., A- J.
BROWN. Boom 11, No. 34 Sooth Caual-st.
XtTAKTED—To Bent—A cottage an West Ride, in
tt pleasant location. Address, giving location and
terms, B F. Tribune office.
WANTED— To Bent—Two fa mil bed or anfnrnlshed
rooms, with or without board, for a gentleman and
bis daughter, in a private family. Address E, Tribune
offiee.
TI7AKTED—TO BENT—A cottage or tons* In good
TT rppair and In good location: rent sura, and not lo
exceed 940 a month. Address H. M.. Tribune office.
WANTED— To rent a boUdlng or first story, snitable
tor fitst-clan Inath room tWabaah av. pretenvd).
Apply or address 135 East Twenty-ninth «t.2
WANTED— To Beat—Parties having staras, houei.
rooms or lota to rent will do well to leave e deienp
kien of the same with me, as I have a lane call for such
property. HKNST J. GOODRICH. It HubbsM Court,
formerly located at mDearbcrnil.
TO RENT-HOUSES.
X O RENT—A neat cottage of *U rooms, and furni
ture for tala, at 603 Fulton at.
TOBENT-4W Michigan av.. Ibetweeo Thirteenth
and Fourteenth sts.. floe residence, mafMe Croat,
three stories high, with basement, 13 rooms, with .or
without lutniture.
TO RENT—llonse. and furniture for sale. Apply at
1153 Wabash ar.
TO KENT—Now 6 room cottage, furnished or un
furnished, at reasonable rent. Apply on prem
ises before :o a. m. or after 7p. m. 599 Wentworth ar.
rpO BENT—Or for sale—For business purposes or
X private 'residence, with or withent furniture,
the residence J79 SiicMgan ar; poesetaion given Imme
diately If reqnnvd. 1 nqtrlre on the premise*.
TO RENT— Te party who will bay fnrnitere for cash,
bouse of nine rooms, 1116 Wahaah-av. Apply only
after? p. ns.
FOR BENT—A 9-room honae on Prairie ar.. near
Twenty-sixth st.. with furniture, beds, and bedding
complete. WILLIAMSON. 359 htate sf.
RENT—Two aaw houses, 2-story ami basements;
A-finished In one and two weeks; on I’erch *t„ between
Monroe sad Adams, and Leavitt and Oakley sts. In
unite at the house between them.
TO BENT—Furnished bouse, 10T Centro av, 1> rooms,
modem improvements. Apply to \VM. H. SAMP
SON, Raal Estate and ilonse Beating Agency, 235 West
Madison et.
TO RENT—flood cottage. H9 Soath Iloyao it. Apply
to Wlf. li. SAM PMJN, Real Estate and House
Heating Agency, 255 West Madison st.
TO KENT—Good cottage, 32 Vernon av, 6 rooms. Ap
ply to WIL 11. SAMPSON, Real Estate and House
Renting Agency, 253 West Madison it.
TO BENT—Two story and basement house. No. 43
Egan avenue. Convenient to horse and steam ctrs.
Water, gss. sewerage, Ac. WOO per year.. Addresser
call upon GEORGE M. SCOTT. No. 76 Weak Washing-
ton street.
TO BENT—Furnished house, 474 West Lak*st.; jp
rooms and barn. Apply to W. 11. SAMPSON. Real
Estate and Doom {Renting Agency. SSS West Madt-
rno RENT—3-story and basement brick house on Mad*-
X iionst., near Sangamon st.; 16 rooms. Apply to
W. It, SAMPhON. Real Estate and House Beating.
Agency. 235 West Madison st.
rpO KENT—Nsw2*»ory and basement brick bensa on
X Honor® st., near Van Bnren st. Apply to WU. fl.
SAMPSON. Beal Estate and House Renting Agency.
255 West Madison St.
fpO BENT—73O Wabash av.—House of I! rooms; par-
X lor wontd make good salesrooms for sewing ma
chine, and basement for workshop and store. Upper
rooms for office*. Inqolre on premises.
nrO-BENT-A 3-Story brick house, furnished, situated
X at 107 Centre av. To a responsible tenant, rent
cheap.
TO RENT—Two-ltory and basement furnished house.
No. 735 Weal Monroe st.; owner will board with
Parties renting.' Apply in front office. No. 43 West Mad
ison et.
FOR RENT—Good brick bouse, near Fifty-flab at
boulevard; Bock Island A Fort Wsyee dummies
stop; >6O. -Address J9HNSTON, 550 State st.
rT>O LET—House No, 4? Hubbard court, till May 1,
X 1672. Inquire on the premises.
,T?OR RENT—Residence J317 Prairie av.. twelve rooms,
X besides eight closets, esllar-woodsbed. coalpits, cia
tern, large bam. coachman’s noose, ample grounds;
commodious, cheap; can be made very ebeerfhl. Come
see.,
FOR RENT—And possession Ist of November—'Two
brick houses, nicely furnished, filled with first-class
boarder*; furniture lor sale. Address AB, Tribune
office.
TORE NT—Furnished house of 10 room*. Apply 1327
Wabash ar.
rpo RENT—Donee of 13 rooms; fine barn, and large
groonds in Bake View; an elegant place: only *4O
per month: alii' fine room with first class board for can*
tlrtnan and wife or two gantlemen, In Willard place.
Apply to S. ALLEN A CO., Beal Estate Agents, 15 West
Randolph at.
TO RENT—A furnished house of 10 rooms at Engle
wood, three relies sooth of citjr limit*, two blocks
from depot; 73 dally pass>-nger trains each war; fare. sc;
rent can be paid br boarding solf, wife, and child(3 rears
old), and maid: or will rent and vacate the premises.
WM. U. BROOKS. Jr., 1 East Klnxiest, 3 to 4 p. m.
mO RENT-Two-story frame house 1039 Wabash ar
X >3 rooms, barn, and carriage boose. Apply on
premises.
mO BENT— Cheap—Furnished bouae, with barn, ton-
JL talnloK all the modern Improvements, and pear
car* and omnibus line. 106 Colfax ar.. near Denglae
place. Inquire on premise*, or at No. 333 Third ar.
TO BENT—Or for sale, cheap, a new two-story ten
nom cottage and (urge lot. 1033 Weat Jackson at.
br C. flf. LININGTON, 91 West Monroe at.
TO RENT—STORES, OFFICES, <fcc-
TO RENT—For business—stone-front 543 and 5«5
Wabash ar., sear Uarmen court. AYRES A EUFF,
341 Wabash ar.
FOR RENT— Two parlors 14*40 ft. for business, with
other rooms. Coll at 709 Wabash ar.
TO BENT—Front office on second floor of 391 Slate
*l. Apply to A. R. WING A CO., 339 W*baih ar.
TO RENT—Basement 46 South D-'splainos st,. suitable
fur printing office. Ua ware, or light maauUctutlug.
A. KIDDEU.
TO RENT—Store admirably suited for wholesale bus
iness. In first-class location; space. 43*150. App r
to OAKLAND, HOLMES A tO.. 50 and S3 iorth
Cannl st.
TO RENT—Large basement, suitable for a flrif-riiM
restaurant or printing house, in most cenT.il local’-
ll corner Wabash ar. and Harrison st. Inquire of O.
It.’GLOVER, 365 Wabash ar.
mo RENT-A largo hulling, with steam power, suit
X able for manufacturing pnrpo«ee, at Brighton; wil
runt cheap, if applied Mr immediately. ADAM SMITH
5i South Jefferson, or 115 West Wa*hiu«lori-si.
FOR BENT—Store, choice corner for business, south*
ae*t corner Wabash ar. and Twenty-first si.; con
tralto firat-claw trade and business bouse*. Apply at
917 Wabash
T»0 RENT—The entire second and third floor*,'an
basement of the thr eo-«tory and basement marbl
front building No. 10 Eldridge court, will be rented as
whole, or separately, for offices. Apply ou premises t
0F.0.C. CLARKE.
TO RENT—437 Wabash-sr.. for business purposes,
adapted for store* or offices. It is next door U
Matson's jewelry .store. For particular* applr oo tbt
premises.
FOR BENT—At 41 Dnbbard Court, part of a very de
sirable office. Apply to HENRY /.GOODRICH, 41
Hubbard Court.
TO BENT—A new brick store, basement and dwelling
of 6 r*’;ms, with all modern Improvements. Only
sAMia for all—about half price, on Madison st.. be
tween Leavitt sad Oakley st*. MILLER A BIODON,
2tO Madison st.
TO RENT—A new brick store, well located. In Aurora,
III.; also, a suite of rooms for residence, on second
floor, if desired. Inquire of Mr. EVANS, 131 Eigh
teenth st.. Cnicsgo.
rpo RENT—A large basement, 43x60 feet, on corne
X largo windows; suitable for two banking office
Inquire or address O. LEONARD, Tribune office.
mo RENT—Largo floors, second and third: also,
X basement. 46 South Deaplaiae* st., suitable for rear*
chandlse or light manufacturing. Apply to A. KID
DER, office in alley rear 46.
rpO RENT-Cood brick store. and several basements
X S. UAVKrf. 399 I*2 West Randolpk-at,
TO BENT—Banking offices, with flm rate vaults,
atone «nd iron; steel doors: fire and burglar-proof.
S. S. IUVES, 399 1-3 West Randotpb*«t.
170R RENT—A Rood office, or a mom that can bfl fur.
olahed. Inquire at 134 North »t.
TO BENT—Offices, rerr »wve» to rnurti a«d
«»■«»>«'.-...-iMtSST."Awl,«
THtoSlh N stalSf bHek bQildinu MO. IM
™r iriSl!. In,lDlr< o,l
p of finnan** splendid dental room and a number
mire at ces; also a fine store—loose lor sale. Id*
JJ“” V West Madison at.
T' ,J RENT—Stores, offices, and houses, (a all parts o
citr. Apply to WM. 11. SAMPSON. Real Estate
„nd House Beating Agency, 335 W ost Madison st.
TO KENT—Rooms for business offices can bo had at
176 West Washington st. Two parlors Included.
TO RENT-ROOMS
TO BEST-Splendid rooms, io suite.*, for offices or
families: hare r&s, water, Ac.; In the new marble
front block. West Lakesl.. near Paulina. Rent cheap.
Apply to J. D. WEBER, on premises, or 279 Park or.
TO BENT—Room* furnished or untarnished, in a
first-class residence, on West Side. Hot and cold
water in rooms. References required. Inquire at <76
West Randolph.
rpO RENT—Seven rooms, three cfoa.'ts and bath room,
i_ forncr Twenty-seventh and Stale. Inquire at 1213
tita(6*af.,ap sUlrs.
FOR BENT—Eire furnished rooms, suitable for house,
keeping. Inquire at Jiw State corner Twenty.
fourth st.
TO RENT— Parlor and.bedrootn, elefcAhtlr furrilshed,
for man and wife; also, a large uleepinj room; suit
able for two gentlemen, at <97 State st., without
board.
FOB BENT—One or two furnished rooms, with board,
near Fifty-fifth st; Rock Island A Fort Wayne
train* atop. Address J. S. JOHNSON, A3O State st.
rpo BENT—A house with 15 rooms, partly famished,
A or not, to salt. <.t South Ann st.
TO BENT—Nicely furnished rooms, with or without
board. 231 West Monroe st.
TO REST—Good rooms and board, at reasonable
rates, in a private family at Oakland, lake shore.
Address O K, 5u3 Wabash av.
TO RENT—Two furnished front rooms, without board,
with gas and bath room attached; modero house;
private family. At 332 West Madison st,
HNANCIAL*
LEVI WING A CO., 33« Wabash »r. Money to loan
on securities.
MONEY LOANED—On diamonds, watches, and ral*
uable porsonal property; (be same bonrht. TUN*
NICLIFF, <23 West Jackson, formerly 133 Dearborn st.
OAN FRANCISCO CO. Money Loan Office, <39 Clark
atrret. near Polk, Hedge* taken from St.Od to
Ji on,. Established '1963. GEO. 8. POPPBB3, ;Pro*
pttelor.
TO LOAK-llt.to£-On E° cd mortgage* or olhar coU
UwilV. for short time. B. F. DoVnINQ A CO..
5W Wabash av.
dVI r\ Ann will be lent to a first-class business
yilUiUul/ home of Chicago for a term ofyear* at
8 per cent Interest upon the borrower! giving undoubted
real estate security audemployaent to tbe lender for
the term of the loan at a fair living salary. The adver
tiser is a young man of excellent habits, education, and
address. Expert as a salesman, hot who dope not desire
for the present to iocnr tbe hasards of businese on his
own account. Address, confidentially. W L P. cars of
WM. Q. SAMPSON A CO., Beal Estate Agency,3l3 West
Washington st, Chicago.
SIOO.OOO T "burnt district* 1 fsr building
purposes only. Call or address 237 Michigao*av.
PERSOIfAIto
PKESDNAL— The lady occupying lower room* at 123
North LaSalle (l.,c*n hear of tome of her property
by addmslng T. L. BEACH. 3 Yule* Building.
PERSON Air-Information wanted of Pat Larery by
M* distressed wife. Address In care of Mr*. Ma
honor, near No, 4 School Douse, on Alexander at., Buf
falo. N. V.
PERSONAL— Anyone having a good silk-velvet cloak
which (hey with to dispose of, cheap for caah. call at
West Monroe at.
PERSONAL— MU* Emily Bicker, what i* your ad
dreae, aud where can 1 fend you saalstaaoe? Aik
for letter* at Poit Office, JOHN AOAB, Cleveland, U.
PERSONAL— Will Mr*. Bishop, of 269 Superior at.,
and Mrs. Boeerson. of Hln»a»l* at., if In thecUv,
Plante tend tbelt address to S. WALKER, care of A. T.
Spencer. Chicago.
PERSONAL— Information wanted of James H, Will
ism*, who i» supposed to have been la Chicago at
the nme ol the fire. By sending hli addmas to >ll»«
b a N. <7 Watt Adam* at., be will bear or something to
bia advantage.
PERSONAL— Will Mrs. B. Mile*, who was with Mr*.
Eaton. 296 Hurou-it., at time of fire, report Imae
distely to 349 West Monroe-it,
PERSONAL— Information wanted of the Missel Ber
,b»r» and Eliubath Or.nl, -h» h.a
school on Dearborn at. Address JLB, car* of Tribune
office.
PEESOKAL-WIU 0«o. I. Prijc. .1.0. J,nd bliik-«-
eni address to 563 Weit Indiana 7 ALBERT
SWIFT.
PEBSONAL-Ladr aasagtrs of Protasunt Half Or
uhan Asrlam please let me know present where
about# of George and Capitols. Address 39 Wait K£n
xlfSt. GEORGE WARNER.
WILL F. H. Allen please sand his sddrsss to Mrs. M*
A. Beck. 740 West Van Boron st,
IF Thomas Melward will bring the vase found in the
ruins of Mr. M»Trr»’ house, corner Caae-and Ohiosts,
to 828 Michlgso av, bo will be sniubly rewarded.
WILL the dressmaker who lived on Superior it. tbraa
doors (Tom Clark st. address Josephine Conn, 863
Wabash ar, and let bar know when aha can be found.
WP.-l will pay you *ls for the buggy, ask BO oniw
tiom, and cause you no trouble. GEO. A.BSAV
ERNS. M 3 Wabuhev.
TO T.EASE-
TO LEASE—On long time—2M fret on Washington
sc corner of Peoria. This is a most desire
bla‘location for business or hotel, and can be had ou
unu. MKAD CUE, r» Wet M«<l
sun-et.
For LKISB—On long llmo-SS> feet on Washing
.ton st., corner of Peoria. This is a me#4 desira
ble location for bnstaesa or bocal, and can be had
on rvasonabla terms. MEAD A CDS, 79 West Madison
TO LEASE—In burnt district, on Lake and Water
iUM near Market, four lots lying together. Mate
rials for sale. 8. B, IIAYS9. 5991-3 Well Bandolph-st.
mo LEASE—Several lots on West Madison it. for a
Jl term of years, near Robey. MILLER A 810 DON,
toa M*dl*on tl.
SEWXRO MACHINES,
BLEW Noieelees. Uak-taoHan. Shuttle ,8* wing
Mecbtoed, lUWMt Twelfth it. J* B- LBEOW
A CO.
LOST Aim 'FOUND.
TIAVEta possession:* stray eovr. The owner may
J.X recover her by proving property and psytag. ax*
pens**. air. iIcDONODQH, North branch; fox Allow:-
ardsTard.
I HAVE uo« furniture which git*n into my
charge '.corner Uarttson at. and Third at.. chairs,
(able, sofa, Ac. The owner* can have the same by
P,r®V?.?» property ami paying charge*. MICHAEL
Vi ELCH, Si Burlington at.
LOST— Or Stolen—Light bay boras, heavy, mao*
ai id tail, right Uod foot white, white spot on
forehead and upper lip, about is hands-high: liberal
reward will he paid by ADAMS KX. CO. -«w
LOST— On the evening ol October 25, from No. 310
West Madison at, a gilt.mounted Kntehts Templar
sword with Ivory grip, and engraved A. B. B. On its
retaru to too Northwestern llenlia Manufactory. 129
Sooth fialsted it r the parties will be well rewarded and
no Question* asked. H. B. CABEHST.
LOST— Daring the fire, a dentist’s rosewood operetta*
table; bad some 16 or 15 drawers and contained a loC
of dental instruments; Whoever will retnra the saaw
to 669 Wabash ar. shall he suitably rewarded.
T OST—r»-On the 9th of October. In the tire on
•L/ Adam* it., between Wabash auu Michigan avs.,
a msec sola leather trunk valise with the papers of
Hiram Bastings la-it. Vallso not locked, but strap
ped. Tbepsperaefn<rv*lDetoanron* but him. The
above reward will bo* paid tw too Under, MleftatSM
South Desplalaes it. No questions asked*
LOST— On lake front between Monroe and Adame
art, Astrakhan cloak, muff, and boa. very fine; a
’•avendfcrsilk dies*, black Ihvaad-laco fringe tneMng.
Found at same piece, portrait of young gentleman,
full beard: reward will be paid at 975 Prairie aw. D. C.
SCBAKTOS.
LOST-Oq Madison at., between Fifth mr, and
Slate »t., or on State *t.. between Uadisoa and
Lakest*-, ao open face gold watch. The flceor will
be suilahhj rewarded by returning?* to F, B. MAN>,
’.land ISDesplalnca at. p
LOST— A lot of account booke and papers belonging
to Bliss A Brown. Morton 8011, and OS 'V.
Brown, were left under a pile of stone*, at foot of
Monroe at., on Ukr shore, during the fir* of the 9th.
A suitable rewnrd wilt be paid for their return to
BLISS A BBUITN. OSouth Cbual it.
FOUND— Black horse, two whit* feet: also, a
wages, which the owners can have br applying
at 31 North Jefferson at., la basement, aad paying
chargee.
■pOUND— A box of silver-ware marked-E-S. Q- The
owner can learn of their whereabouts by calling at
JOS. ULLMANN’S, JO Market et.
FOUND— On tny place at Hyde Park. Ills., a large
dark brown truck horse, badly burnt, which the
owner can have br paring expense*. Apply at FRAZER
LCBBIUATOR GO., 191 West Madieen at.
TAKEN DP—Left at onr stable daring tbe ff>e—•
horse. Owoeronn hare the same by paring chargee,
at 317 Wabash av. SHERMAN. MAUBLB A 00.
TAKEN DP—On the I9th of October, a stray sow.
which tbe owner can have by applying at 110
South Lincoln at, proving property, and paying
charges. J. il. TEKWILLIOEB.
TAKEN away the time et the fir*, from Ohio and
Well* it*., an* uncovered boggy, A liberal reward
~M- *1 VII. IW), ,H) HU.UV.I m .'.,.1. n Mwl Ip.,A U
will be given for Itereturn. J. BUBBI, 1329 Prsdriear.
TAKEN DP—A bone with harness and blanket ea.
Tbe owner can-have him by paying charge* and
proving property. Apply at 82 West Lake it.
1* AKEH DP—A white cow.' Tbs owner can havfe her
by proving property aad paying charge*. No. 70
Fry at.
NOTICE— The gentleman that entrusted aoraefarnl
tnra to my ear* the Bight after the flrs.ahoald call
for them immediately, 3t2 West Polk-st. PATRICE
NORRIS. Drayman.
JCA REWARD—Forth* recovery o* a "Chlckerlßg
Ttlv/ piano,” taken from 249 East Indiana-eU.moru*
lag ol the fire, Oct. 9.
BEWARD-Strmyed from corner PoJk and
Ltfllo ate, 1 dark bay and I gray horse,
heavy built. Above reward paid on retoro to JOHN
WHITE, corner Polk and Laflln at*..
dk(TA REWARD will bo paid for the recovery of two
iol* leather tranka. I<wt on the morning of the
9(h iaat. One trunk waa email, and without a cover,
marked "W” on each end; the ether covered with
eanvee. When la at seen tbar war* near tha baaa ball
ground* oa the lake front, near the railroad track,
send information to ALBERT HOLMES. Mauufac-
Tare re* National Bank.
§fr/*v REWARD—And no questions aaked. for tha
OU recovery of two or tbrea trunk* containing
o« samples; taken from the sidewalk In Croat ot the
St. Jnmee Hotel on the morolngof the fire. NEWELL
BROTHERS. N. T.. or Walker. Oakley A Ob.. Chicago.
BOARDING AND LODGING.
M BISHOP-COURT, between Washington and Modi
eon eta-.oaatof Union Park, one large front par
lor on firet floor, furnished with carpet* and chairs;
also eeveral other fine room*, forniahed and unfur
nished, with board. Terms reasonable.
"A nONORE-ST.—Two gentleman will find a large
f front room, nicely forniahed. fire. gas. and water,
with firet-cla»s board, with a private family. Terms,
DA per week for two.
7Q SOUTH MORGAN ST.-Fim-claas rooms, wltb
i v hoard; a tine location; table boarders wanted.
One-half block from Madison at.
Q/j TWENTY.FIPTH-bT.—Front parlor, unfbrnlsh-
OD ed. with board, and famished rooms. Mrs. B.
W. 51ALLORY.
4 Q CALUMET AV.—Several fine large rooms, with
lira -class hoard, fur gentlemeu with their wive.;
also rl-asant room* for young men clubbing. Half block
from the street cars. Pleasant residence.
tsQfT MICHIGAN AV.—Nicely furnished room
iOu with board, suitable for two, ou moderat*
371 MICHIGAN-AV.-Furnished rooms, with or
IX without board. Reference required. Also go id
barn to reut.
f>A() STATE-ST.—Pleasant rooms, newly fitted up,
UUii with good board, at old prices, by tt.W,BA<t-
KEK. late It Adama-st.
OK7 WEST SION ROE ST.—A suite of first floor front
Del I rooms 'urnlshcd or nnfurnlabed to let togatuer o:
s.-tarMt-ly with bosru. House new.
MONROK ST,—A suite of second floor front
Ud t rooms, furutibed or nnfbrnisbed, to two to
gether or separately, with board; house new.
WEST ADAMS ST.—To rent, with board, in prl-
DDc/vato family, handsomely furnished suite of
rooms; also one single room.
TO 1 A MICIUGAN-av.. near Thirty-aesood-st—Do
latU jirablo rooms for two gcntlemoft am! wives.
New house and new furniture; bath room, piaUo.dc.
No other boarders.
A GENTLEMAN AND WIFE, and two yoaug men.
with good references, can find good boarding
place by calling at 475 West Jacksomat.
desirable rooms, with boarding,
tor gentleman and wife or single gentlemen, (n flue
marble front residence. No. 355 West Wsshingloo-at,
IN a marble front, where th«»e are a few boarders, a
gentleman and wife, or two single
be nrcommodnted with board. Addreaa MARBLE
FRDNT, Tribune office.
MAYWOOD HOTEL, Maywood Rooms with board
can be had. Apply to H. D. COLVIN, Proprietor,
at 59 and 61 Washington it.
TWO GENTLEMEN can be accommodated with
board ar.d lodging, and a few with day board, at 97
South Clim/ja st.
PLEASANT room*, with board, is private family:
locality. Address Q, WB, Tribune office.
BOARD WANTED.
BOARD-Tor gentleman and wlfs, with child fifteen
month* old. in private family or first
class bonrdirg home, cither on West Side In pleasant
locality, or at Bva*wu, Address *‘W,” 60 North. Uia*
ton-et.
BOARD— A desirable room or rooms, with board, for
gentleman and wife (will furnish the rooms if-da
aired). Must be In private family, or where there are
t.ttt a few board era. Location between Twelfth and
Twenty-eecoDd-sts. Addroie C, care Giles Bros. A Co,,
Twcnty-iecond-it.
BOARD— By a young lady employed] during th« day,
in a respectable family, in Tlcinity of Eighteenth at,
Sontb Side. Term* to bo moderate. Reference* fur
niihed if reunited. Address A 123. Tribune office.
BOARD— For gentleman and wife, within tan rain
nt*-*’ walk of Avenue Hotel rjprice not to exceed »I 3
per week. {Address SQUARE DEALING. 229 West
Madison st.
BOARD— In a nice family, by a single gentleman, who
has financial matters to look after here lor a few
weeks. Address EABT, Tribune office.
BOARP-By two gentlemen and thole wires, with far
nislifd or unfurnished rooms, in a pleasant location
on South Side. Accommodations mnse be good. Ad
dress. stating terms and location, D 9, Tribune office
BOARD— By a physician and bis wife, one pleasant
furnished room and board, at a moderate rate, on or
east pf Wabash ar. and north of Twentieth st. Address,
•taring terms and location. U, 125 Eighteenth it.
TO EXCHANGE.
&S. HUBBARD, JR., 52AL ESTATE AGENT,
No 68 Canal-fit., will IcafiO houses, collect rente,
Bell real catate, and do all kind a of copTCjancln?.
Several well located roeidencca In the West i..7!£!°U
for rale. All abstracta of title and other papers In my
care raved from late Arc. G. S. HUBBARD, JE., 6d
Canat-et
TO EXCHANGE—Wanted Chicago unimproved prop
erty lor flour mill, saw mill, and dwelling, favorably
located in Wisconsin; water power milts, in foil opera
tion. Price. 24.000- Good chance for party to taka a
paying business. EDMUND 0. STILES, 112 West Ran
dolph at.
rpo EXCHANGE—For city property, holiness er real-
JL d"tice. improved or aulmprored. A large commo
dious two-story brick residence, with good out-build
isgs and two acres of land, the same being abundantly
supplied with Trait, shade and shrubbery. Including two
large graperies ofreheat varltlee, an extensive conser
vatory or rare plants and flowers fs also connected with
the house. Said property is eltoated )o a thriving man
ufacturing (own on nock River, and Is 90 miles from
Chicago. The church, educational, and social advan
tages ofeaiJ town are unsurpassed, Shnie cash would
also be put Into the trade- Property owners foo bro.
kersj pletM address or call on FS, Kwo 7, Llnd'g
Block, corner Randolph and Market Bit. city.
TO BXCHANOE—Some A No. I brick booses with
lets In first-claw location in Chicago for good fsrmv
or farm lands. P. A. BROWN, Beal EitaU Agent,
Room 5, No. 375 State at.
TO riCIIANGB-One hundred atm of valuable land
adjoining C n of tbe largest and most thriving cities
of Northern Illinois, with fine new brick house of thir
teen rooms, fruit of all kinds, etc., for well located, un
improved lands in Illinois. lowa, or Nebraska. For
particulars address P. O. Box 471, Lexington, Ky.
TO EXCHANGE—A house and lot lo Mansfield.
Ohio, fer city property in the burnt district, on
favorable terms; bouse worth *5,000. Address
JOSEPH 8. HEDGES. Mansfield. Ohio. dffi
WANTED— To exchange a good house and lot on
Ellis av. for lot north of Forty-seventh at. and
east Of Drexel bcol**ard. Prise »)O,OW. Apply to
J. S. A A. PCOVKL. SJI7 Wabash ar
agents wanted.
AGENTS WANTED-To Mil a splendid lithograph
picture of Chicago la flames. t«xl7 laches, nicely
colored: sample* cent on receipt of 15 cents. B. B.
LAND’ N. Agent. No. Lind Block. Chicago.
AGENTS WaNTKD-M to SIO a day can be made
by either aex with »f new article* in the city or
country: now la the time to make money- Sample*
tree. C. SI. LININOTDN, 03 We«t Monroe #U,
Chicago.
AGENTS WANTED-To tell a !n*w and :b-antl.
folly-colored capper Plate map ot Chicago,
thawing the bornt district from eetnal survey*.
Samples mailed for S3 cents. E. A. CAIIPBKIiL, 3Z
Walnut at., Chicago.
AGENTS WANTED—Tor Chicago and the Great
Conflagration. by Uraan. Colbert A Chamberlin,
of the Chic*go Tribane. A concise history of the
oast of this moat wonderful of cities, and a detailed,
circumstantial. *nd vivid account of fta detraction
by >flre, with scenes, incident*. Ac. Profusely lUut
tratrd. Agents' protpectu* volume aent by mail for
10 ceare- Tor circular*. Ac., addrees J. S. GOODMAN
A CO.. Publisher*. IS South Green *t.. Chicago.
AGENTS WANTED— The great Chicago fire. The
crowning horror of the I9*h century. 100,000
persona reduced to beggary. Fesrful scene*; h Bart
ending Incident*. 1,000 eopie* ofthi* book Mlling
o.r dav. Sample copy, poet paid, 40 centa. GOOD-
SpEKU-3 “HPir.K iOOK. MAP AMD PICTURE
HOUSE. Chicago. Cincinnati or St. Loni*.
TTTANTBD—Agent* lo erery town and county, to
YY evil the latest aad most novel Invention for
marking linen, book*, card*, etc. Send fer circular
to A. M. 2UCBABDSON. General Western Agent,
ZZSontb Sangamon st. Chicago.
AGENTS WANTED—Reliable partlr* wishing to en
gage In the bnaloe**of lil*i»«nta*ce* can find era
ploymeiitby applying at theofllceof toe Anchor Lila
immntnce Company, Boon a, 38ft Wabaah-av.
lUCBUISftY.
AMES* ENGINES, portable 3to 10*hors* pvw*r;
threshing. 8 and 10-horeo; circular saw; mills.
Foreman's grinding mtlla, corn abeller*. baiting* etc.
COLLINS EATON, Agent. 70 South Canal *U
T~voa SALE-TWO superior portable steam engine* It
r by 30 inch**: fpsciallr adapted to aaw.mUi par:
pose*. They are ready for immediate delivery. POOLS
A BUNT. Baltimore. Md.
ONE It foot bed 50 Inch awing, on* Ikfoot bed 34 Inch
awing, one 12 foot bed3oinch swing, ena Afoot bed
18 inch awing, one 8 foot bed It Inch swing engine lathe*,
iron planer*, drills, wood working machinery. Engine*
all on band and for sale, cheap, by W. A. JAMES A
CO., 11l aad 113 Fulton at.
PLANES and matcher machine*. Farrar*arteeert,
Welker's resawing machines at old price* by W. A.
JAMES A CO-, 111 and 1W Fulton si.
SECOND-HAND MACHIJIdIiy—A large lot oftathes,
plane*, and drills* from a concern In the East closlag
laiiQHt; great bargain*. Call at tta* machinery depet
of \y. A. JAMK* A CO., 11l
SUBUBBUH REAX. ESTATE.
T3DR SALE: OK TO BEST—At' Htaedale-Houaae
r all ready to move Into, very cheap, on «#it
term*. Also, a fine Improved term ta trade for city
eroperty. Call on Or address* .at Hi aad ala, O. J.
STOUtm.
FOB SALE-Or rent—At Hinsdale. heas* sit ready to
move Into; cheap and on easy terms; also a good
Improved term to trade far city on or
iddregf at Biatdal* the owner* O* J. SXOuQtL
WANTED—MALE KELP.
nrANTED-Unmnt u> Kll good, br nmpto »t
It wholesale; liberal salary paid... AdJras* tf.
BBOWN CO., Chicago; Hi. .v
WANTED— In a lint-class silk and feacydrr goody
house, In Now Tory, several good salesmen having
a Western acquaintance in Wisconsin, lowa and Illi
nois. Any one losing their situation by tbe recent fire,
ibis will be a good opportunity. .'Address Box 932. New
York.
IYTAKTBW—lmmediately—Six flrat'eias* trunk mak
»T era. HKOOK3, BIPELMAN ADO. Toledo, ;Ohlc.
October 18.
WANTED— TAILOR—A good situation for.fir*t-cla<w
cottar and maker—No other need, apply, Siaglw
man preferred. AddreeTLOCH BOX I?, Galesburg. 11l
'Aar ANTED—Good eastern coat,pent* and vest mxlcora
v Apply at Beihnhardt A Foreman’*. 733 Wabash ar.
TTTANTED—ICO fint-claes carpenters at southeast
v¥ coruor Twelfth and Canal sts. 5
WANTED— A stood travelling agent in the paper
hanging line, with good reference*. Comnxaafca
tioos to be addressed Letter Box No. 2391. SC. Louis; JIo.
TTTANTED—At Doited estates Marine Hospital, afc
Lake View, TO laborer*. carpenters. 6 stone
TOU°r,j, s stone cuttera/and 5 brick layers. T. W
DICKISOK, Superintendent.
TITANTED—So. 1 cooper on tight barrels; also S
vf pressmen in cotton seed olt mill, to go to Mens
phls. Apply av 63 North Jefferson st. A. B. FENTON,
TTT ANTED Foreman for -galvanized Iron cornlco
Must know hv*r to cut. Addreaa
CtlBS ICE H oRKS, Tribune allies.
WANTED— A good strong teamster to drive
lumber.wagon at southeast corner .Twelfth and
t'assMb.
VT,*ASTKD—A man that s»u run a veering saw and
p the ss,ao «d«r. iiQQilli
8R03..-39 North Colon at.
W*^S7*?~ Exp fr* Bll^ e ,1 Tehfet h®* Jfcwera; ala* a
iJKtf'c* Ll h L ol1 I,aniJa preferred, at THRU
sciatTON S, let Twenty-ninth »t, near Prattle ar.
TO ANTED—Laborer* for tbe South, to lei\v« to-night.
and sure p*y. Enquire at 106 Wasp
Btasiolpfe at. up stairs.
WANTED- An experienced boot aof ahooaalwmvs.
one of Butloekfe preferred. Call:early this asom*
lug at r«; Madlron *t.
A.N^IEIJ— Immediately; Jor 6 goodtinner*, kttn
WANTED— A traveling hat mao one who is familiar
with Central and Easter? Illinois trade, amf caa
came well recommended. 'Leave address or calf on 3.
TALBOTT,atttaermsa .Hoaeo, Baudur aorcing.
TTTAN'TED—A good cracker Biker. Apolf at JDHIT
BTON BKOB.. 22S East Water at.. Milwaukee.
TTTANTED—SeveraI «xperleace<k eitorsiMors fbr the
VV Stager Sewing Machine. Address W. W. BA E
NETT.Chileaburg.nl.
XT7AMTBDs-A harnees makew fo-jiny shop; giro
vY eaeyterjsa.- S, WARdWlCß.Oakrkrk.nl.
XCTANTED—A shoe cutter om ladii**’ finer ctmecs
¥v er works Bisheat wages p*W. Address F. A.
KUNOLA A COr, Pittsburgh. P*.
TO-ANTED—A good smart boy. lAnr* 30 ynrv of age.
v¥ to take 3*re of a horse, and 7 male v bhsself useful
about house. Apply after 9a. l West Wash lag
ton-at.
ANTED—A’ionraeymau barberao 31 West Lnkevut.
XC"ANTK>—At once, SO maaoas-and- brirklayar«;ralao
«oa>
w ts^viFSsiissss "t\-
646, and 643 Hubbard at. M
wVia?^r”;?o"' u o .s.n’ ,d b lKm ro
office boy. on* who e*o wri* agwt
Tf hand and come iwoll recoanvended. Ad dresala
hmndwrUlog.aiaUog wage*. EBERTS. 73A-St»t» st.
fTTARTEP-A 2fo. I man to run a Smith**. i io nldl»jc
machine. Aleo. men to ran sasb. door. .ml blind
!l lck#c t?* ,e nin machine*. None but men who
thoroughly Bnderatand their boaiaes*. need, I .pp!r7*2
Mill, rear 197 to 115 Throop at. *gp.y,
W good wood.** .rker foa
jasr& sstsk irsj
gentleman who understands the euttlrg or flaaael
;K r s f;,e o ;i"^.^ d 9 r„ M 7 n J zyi. Ass
W*£SS£&‘lis;ti%£ e'irgir
aftetorr 217 HuJolph-at. ,wr 11
TPASTKC-A nnt-cbM pho'-ocniah. 0M t r _
josHnA?arrii.“ u p ,0
w^witaSiv. 1 «™w- i»ixj
WANTED— Ono or two cood eabl'jet makir* at
PILCHER S Organ Factory. Wwiteru av urnar
of W&sblngtoa at. «eru ar., corcer
TITANTED—Threo good mattress makers 7*l C O
>V STACY A I ON'S, «i aa.l Sts state eL
WANTED- A fiswt-claes canvasser for advertisement*
lor an old c-vtanlUhed newspaper. AtlJrMs with
reference. S. N. WINSLOW A SON.^hiiideljS
Tl* ANTED—3I sttreis and tick mvkaTs ah 27t West
TT Laha-at. UA NNUN Js fOPP. 41
WASTED— A cook at tb<* oM original ILeont Cali
uxniaMeal Restaurant. Sboutn Caaxlxt.
TF r ANTED—A yono? man, one who uuJeriUndv
»l
Ufe’ul. Address GIUiON,, Tribune oifleo, wHh refer
ences. Salary lew.
W^f T DAVID CWY Carponlera at :,r St* l
\V^ T^ "J WO drT c00,!9 imL'Amon. ia OranX
s v Rapids. Michigan: nono need answer except thoe/v
who thoroughly anderstand tba buduM*. and can bring
Sl?«^? k 0 1..;'‘ r s rol,c Address Pose Office Box 1B&,
KUUMAn 111103.
WANTED—FEMALE HELP.
WANTED— Three lady ropylsta Ad-
Ureas*, stating salary. EB EIVC3, 752 State at.
WANTED— Second cook for Hotel. Mas
and wife preferred. Wif* to assist in kllcnsa. Ao
ply *t hotel, Riverside, 111.
TI7 ANTED—Six girls, exprlencsd hair dresaera and
Tv manufacturers of hair goo-!«. Applr to
Mrs, U. W. ALLEN. 17a Woodward ay.. DetralLMlch.
\\7ANTKI>— A servant to wasu ami Iron, and assist
tt in general bouse work. Apply, with reLreuow. to
1033 West Adams at.
TITANTED Girl to cook, wash and Iron at IB
V> .Throop street. Swedish preferred^
TITANTED—A teacher of German and music, lady of
TT s*nll*B*B) wh« c«a fi»rni«K piauu AUdreaa
Prof. F., Hlvsrsid* Institute. Moattcsa, lowa.
TITANTED—A good seamstress, one that understand*
YV making childrens* clothe* at prices to suit tka
times. Apply at 176 Twenty-filth st.
WASTED—A B'M to do second work and aulitln
TT care of children; most be well recommended.
Apply at 539 Prairie av. t near Sixteenth st.
WANTED— Two Hood girl* as cook and second girl la
first-class private family. English, Scotch or
German preferred. Apply to Sirs, Tbompsoo. tens atata
XCTAHTED—Two good girls to do geasral housework,
it one of them tn a tmali fatally on West Side. In-
Qutrp at Ml V/abash av.
SITUATIONS WANTED'MALE.
SITUATION WANTED-By a man and wife; woman
as cook or second work; mao to do chares for his
board, in an American family, Stay until tbo Ist of
April. Address J C. Ttlbnopoffice.
SITUATION WANTED-By* competent man to Uk*
Charge of and superintend a building; have bad M
year*' experience; can attend to any somber of men.
Reference given. Address CARPENTER, Trlbuaa
office.
SITUATION WANTED—A» foreman over a
of laborers la the burnt district Uy a SnZr.
er and experience. Address iOREHA* Tribonoof
lice.
CI T Xl T AXIO»i VA^TEp—As salesmen, by a reliable
young maQ.i- 55ti» Intdyme. dry goods, or gro
cery trade; good reference. Address J W C, car* of
Tribune office.
SITUATION WANTED-By a young man as violinist,
io anr establishment, city or to travel, either as first
or second player. Address t J, Tribune office.
SITUATION WANTED—By a printer experienced is
machine, newt and job-work. Cadt-maada ahoct
hsud reporting; could assist in editorial department.
Address J. K. M.. Trlbnue office.
SITUATION WANTED—By a short-hand clerk. Have
bad experience in a law office. Address Q B, Tribune
office.
SITUATIONS' WANTED—FEMALE
SITUATION WANTED—By a young person, a resi
dent of Chicago who baa no home, as clerk, copyist,
or teacher of music, French, and English, or in a re
spectable American family to do light work. Chicago
and its vicinity preferred. No objection to going eha
where. Terms reasonable. Address, for tbrto days,
T G, Tribune office.
Situations wanted-bv two Swedish giriuooa
cook, the other as eecoad girl. Apply at 47 West
Indiana st.
OITCaTION WANTED—By a young lady as gorora
est. In a private family preferred. Address T Z,
Tribune office.
MISCELLANEOUS.
AN Baiters party wishes to purchase farm and city
mortgagee. Address J. ROBINSON. Tribune tr
ace, with lull particular*, and he will call on you.
BANE CHARTER FOB SALS-Also my donbU
brick house, suitable for a bank, or will take stock
in any good bank for the same. OLIVER BE3LT, st
South Oarpentor-st.
Divorces legally obtained foe desks
tion, cruelty, Ac. Fee after decree. Sight yean*
experience. Address Post Office 1037.
DIVORCES legally obtained without newspaper re
port. NEWELL PRATT, Attorney la the State
and United States Courts, 1131 Wabash ar.
DB. UENBY OLIN, oculist and anrist, has agala
opened hit office at 240 West Madison st,. where ha
Is prepared with all modern appliances for the relief of
the deafaad blind; artificial eyes Inserted.
DBKTISTSY— Dr. W. U. Dyer has opened hie ofies
at bis residence, 1133 Wabash ar., where be will ba
happy to see his old easterners and friends.
NEW YORK DAILIES at News Depot, Shsrmaa
Haase.
yivHE circulation of last week's Issue of Frank Leslie's
L Illustrated Newspaper, containing acooee from Uw
Chicago fire, has reached over 470,000, and ihera U sUli
demand far copies.—Saa.
TT7 ANTED—SOO empty vinegar and whiskey barrel#.
>V at J. L- WHITLOCK A CO.’a Vinegar Works, M,
545, and 613 Hubbard et.
WANTED— An owner for a trunk belonging to O. T,
Abbarcrombis. The owner can have Üby calling
*t 732 south Clark at., or it Florence Donovan’*, So.
143 Canalport it.
WANTED— A salesman thoroughly acquainted wltfe
the retail clothing business; none other need
apply. The beat of refotence* repaired, and a liberal
salary will be paid. Address, stating term** Poet Offlow
Box iOH. Quincy, 111.
WANTED— WOO tons heavy cast aersp* for caeh. Ad
dress J. BLOCK, Sherman Some.
WANTED— A reepopaible party In Chicago and th»
West to Introduce France’s Combination Shutter
bolder. It docs away with bolts and torn-buckle*, and
bow* either shutter. Independent of the other, at uy
desired angle: end are cheaper than the goods now need
far the lime purpose. Tor particulars addrees lloUAbb,
FRANCK A VO., 5U Sooth Fifth at.. Philadelphia, Pa,
WANTED— Men to'call and axatnlne’our new lUd
agricultural Implement- No charge for right*.
Good men wanted. Liberal inducement* offend. UN
•sally cleared in 60 day*. KIMBALL A OO.) IMWtst
Madison at.. Room 12.
TITANTKD—XO tooa wrought scrap Iren; large or
W smell tot*.' Market prica* la caan. Corner B**ota
and Mather ste., Akron Iron Co. A. P. BALDWIN*
Agent.
TTTANTKD—To purchase, In Urge or small qnaotl.
YY tie*, old iron, copper* and bras* :ai*o two second
hand platform scale** for which will pay the fetehaat
cash prior*. Market et.* between Bandolph aad Walk
ington et*.
TXTaNTSD-SOD ton*of old Iron; the highest marks*
YV pries paid. Apply at 49* State at, M. iSKTCK
A CO.
TITANTKD—A party with 9500 cash to Join the-adver-
YY ti*er in reestablishing a tmsloeaa is whit* there
la oo competlUoa. Address T. W., Tribune eOae.
WANTED-Any person wishing to btdld eoJUrja
and in want ef carpenter* cd jobber*, ahoold caU
at i M Maxwell Halated. and will make a bar
gala. LA BELLE A CAOHON, Builders.
WANTED— <L«b paid for all descriptions of watches*,
old gold, silver, geld dust, jewelry. Plate, furni
ture, beddiaw. dry good*. gun*. pUtela, anda3 goodaoT
value. J. C. BAST LETT, Pawnbroker, 33 Wait Lak*
at., near Canal,
TTTANTED—Any attorney in the country having u
YY copy of tea IQiaote Report*, aad wiaaing (a Si*-
poos of the ease*, address LEX; Tribune odea.
WANTED —AgoeAsecond-bond piano. Prioo uot tu
exceed 91M; also a good centre fire bte«ch~toau
|ng doaN«')»ttwM shot gun. Adtou* SHOT 9SB*
care Tribune office.
HOUSHHOID GOODS
/COMPLETE outfit ef furniture fee taedieuu-riaad
G W hou*£ will ba add tasMUably ter cash. Inquire *f
W. J/TAULKNEIt. 18 Sldndgu const* or enraw Laku
av, and Douglas place.
T7OK SALE— Cheap—Two pasioketovea; nearly naw.
E KSeeUyav.
T?OE SALE—From AIM to worth of furniture,
x and oottage (br rest, gri; also a perforating asohlan
for embroidery and braiding* with about I .soft patterns:
the targeat la the United Skates. 895 Taitoo at.
HIGHEST eash price* tor household furniture. oar
uets,heddioc.'Ac* uUiBREX 4 MABTIN.M u&
89 West Bxdiaoa ri.