pe (|l|icagd ||ribmw.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1871.
Tuc Chicago Tsubcto has opened its offices at
o. 15 South Canal street, West Division, and the
?cr will hereafter be regularly issued from that
ace till further notice.
Our readers arc requested to notice that we
rge the same price'(br TflK TRIBUNE as be-
ire the fire. Single copies can bo obtained for
vc cents over our counler, at No. 15 South Canal
rcct, aud there is no occasion to pay the exorbl-
•ml price asked by newsboys on the street.
HE DISTRIBUTION OF SUPPLIES.
There is an immediate necessity
nr prompt and vigorous action,
onclung the management of the
listribution of relief. It is possible
hat there are' many persons who
ire receiving liberal portions of the
supplies intended for those leffc des-
Uutc and homeless by the fire, but
his is more or less incidental to any
yslem, and it is safer to give to the
mworthy than give hesitatingly t*
lose in actual need. But there is
mch a tiling as actual waste. It is
>3ssiblo to register every person
md family forced by the fire to
cave their old residences, with the
lames and present stopping-places
Df each family, and thus gradually
jring within some system the dis
sipation of the food and other sup
)lies. In addition to the generous
.lock of food and clothing sent
lilher, the liberal, noble-hearted
>cople throughout the .land have
<ent here large sums of money.
This money ought not to be touehed
save for the sacred object of pur.
?hasing food and clothing. We are
is yet upon the mere threshold of
ihe suffering and distress resulting
:rom this fire. In a few weeks we
shall have rain, and snow, and frost,
with all the severity of along winter
upon us. Fuel will be as in
dispensable as bread. Every dollar
that has been sent to us, and the ag
gregate duplicated, will not suffice
to purchase the absolute necessaries'
{life for these unfortunates. There
>hnuld be uo distribution .of that
money for any purpose so long-as
there is any other means left to
draw upon.
AVo have had in Chicago, during
the part four years, a Relief Society
which, for efficiency and noble work,
has not been equalled. Mr. O. C.
(iiiibs is, perhaps, the best man in
the city to have the general charge
m this entire business, and wo
therefore urge that the Mayor -and
city authorities, and all others, trans
fer to the Chicago Aid and Relief
Society the entire and exclusive
management and control of the dis
mhution of every kind of public
aid. All money sent hither from
abroad should be left in the hands
of Mr. David A. Gage until needed
and called for by the society.
One reason why the Chicago Aid
and Relief Society have been able
to prevent waste, and to make each
dollar do as ranch good as ten dol
lars in the hands of others, is the
thorough system which it adopts,
and the aid it affords in the way of
enabling men to find employment,
and become self-supporting. After
all, the greatest aid that can be ex
tended, is to furnish employment.
Knelt man put at work will pay his
own way, and at much less cost
than will be incurred by supporting
him out of the public treasury.
Kacb man and woman entitled to
support, or aid, or relief, ought to
he recorded, and should be relieved
according to actual wants, of which
the agency should be personally in
formed. Indiscriminate distribution
is waste, and waste at this time, and
in view of the approaching season,
is criminal. Every pound of flour,
and of meat, every blanket and pair
of shoes will be needed for the really
.destitute; and every man put at
work, and thereby made self-sup
porting, leaves so much more for
distribution among the more unfor-
lunate.
The committees who have oorae
uere from other places withiSUßpUes
.mblisli an address to the public,
which is to the point They are
‘onscious that the present wont of
'Vsicm needs correction, -and they
nake timely suggestions that some
inited action r-hould take place to
-ecurc efficiency to render it certain
hat the supplies should really be
'evoted to the purpose for which
hey were designed. These supplies
.T-m intended for the sufferers by
he fire,and none others ;aud it is the
inly of our people to sec that every
■erson who has been rendered home*
i«s and destitute by the fire should
ml ns great relief as is possible,
nd to do this with any certainty re*
.uires that tbe distribution should
./put under charge of one general
rganizntion, and be conducted with
me degree of regularity and or-
CITT ELECTION'.
There seems to be some misap
rchension in the minds of many
oncerr.ing tho law of residence
ir voting purposes. Though the
oetion, in consequence of our re
nt calamity, will be but slightly
Unresting, it is desirable that what
ilonc should he done legally.
lie enforced absence of a voter
oes not destroy the legal residence;
yijencfe is a matter of intention,
id every man trill be a voter in the
ard and precinct where. he resided
ifore the firc,unless he has resolved
change his residence. Voters must
sercforc register and vote in their
friier precincts, even though there
;no actual resident in them. Al-
•mien and Supervisors must he
ccted in their respective wards by
e 'cgal voters thereof.
cm and conn v buildings. 1
The Board of Snpervisorshave,
an unanimous vote, ordered that
new Court House and offices be
ccted upon the site of the old one,
mg so much of the old building
<1 materials as may be available.
Ie Common Council have' also or
red that the city provide a new
ty Hall and offices—dither by re
aring tbf^U^MMHgcting'a’
resolved to erect tcmporaiy public
i buildings on the Quincy street reser
voir lot, thus leaving tbc public
square free for the operations of the
workmen.
Four hundred workmen can thus
be given employment immediately,
and that is the surest way to afford
relief to the destitute. At the pres
ent time there is no charity equal to
that which gives employment, and
makes men self-supporting.
WHAT THE LEGISLATUitE
CAN BO FOSt CHICAGO.
The State Legislature has assembled nf
Springfield, for the purpose of taking into
consideration the measures proper to be
adopted for the relief of Chicago in her
present emergency. It is due to the dig
nity of Chicago, ns well as to the welfare
of the State, that we should say, while
I earnestly requesting of the Legislature
sncli relief as they may sec fit to bestow,
that we do not ask that body to do for us
anything that is unconstitutional, or any-
I thing that is unreasonable, or anything
that is incompatible with their duties
to their constituents; that we do not
ask them to establish any precedents
which will be dangerous to the future
welfare of the Slate. We merely ask them
totdo what tbey cm toward rolling off
the great stone which crushes us down i
toward removing the debris of bricks and
stone and mortar under which we are this
moment buried.
As one measure of relief, It is oracti
cable, doubtless, for the State to assume
the maintenance of some of the charitable
and corrective institutions for which the
city or county is now held responsible.
The boys in the Reform School, for in
stance, might be removed to the State
institution at Pontine, where they could
be taken care of more economically than
here. There are several hundred insme
persons on our hands, of which the State
might relieve the county, us is already
done for several other counties.
Again, we ask the Legislature to remit
the State taxes next due from this city
and county, or at least to postpone their col
lection, and not send the Sheriff with hi-«
writs to rnkc among the ashed of the prop
erty on which those taxes were assessed
We ask it to relieve us of the canal debt of
$5,000,000, which we had assumed in
order to insure the completion of a State
work of great national importance. This
won:d enable us to rebuild the public edi
fices of the county and city, without ex
ceeding the constitutional limits of indebt
edness, which is now reached. In return,
we would, of course, abandon to the State
the lien which we now hold upon the reve
nues of the canal; the State could lake
complete possession or the work, and could
defray by taxation, not by borrowing,
the amount of the annual interest and the
bonus when they become due.
Finally, we psk the Legislature to dp
what it can constitutionally and legiti
mately to help maimed and crushed Chicago
on her feet again This will doubtless be
1 done heartily and generously though not
Imorogcncroualy than justly, since what
I ever helps Chicago to regain her facilities j
1 for making exchanges and forwarding to
the' consumers the vast food surplus of
Illinois helps the State at large. If any of
the members of the General Assembly sus
pect that the stories of our calamity have
been exaggerated, we beg of them to make
a journey to Chicago, and slay with us
over Sunday. They can doubtless do this
now without fears ot being entrapped into
Chicago session, and they will lie enabled
to comprehend more keenly than they
otherwise could the full extent of our
awful calamity and misery.
THE GREAT CENTRAL D£
POT.
The position cli THE TRIBUNE
has always taken in regard to the three
blocks of ground cast of Michigan avenue
and north of Monroe street, so long in con
troversy, has been that when llic three
railway companies there located wonld
pay the city what it was worth, they ought
to bo allowed to take it for the erection of
a great passenger depot. Wc understand
that these companies still have faith enough
in Chicago to pay eight hundred thousand
dollars for the ground, and expend three
millions of dollars upon it in the erection
of the finest depot in the whole country.
We ask, in all soberness, whether it is
not wise for the city to accept this offer.
Eight hundred thousand dollars is all that
the land is worth to-day. Eight hundred
thousand dollars would rebuild every edi
fice on the Court House Square, and the
city cannot obtain the money in any othc.
way, because its borrowing power has been
exhausted, and it dare not divert the money
in the water fund to any other purpose,
even supposing that fund to be available
Eight hundred thousand dollars would
set an army of men at work, and take
them and their families off the relief fund.
The locality mentioued has already been
surrendered to business, and the owners
die residence property fronting it have
commenced erecting stores there. Their
opposition to. the depot has been with
drawn. We hope the Common Oounc'l
will now withdraw theirs. The project of
the railroads docs not touch anything
south of Monroe street
Titc land in question has been tempora
rily leased, wc Ixdlevc, to private parties,
whose rights will, of cour/c, be respected
but tire wooden structures which they are
erecting will constitute no real obstacle to
the building of the great central depot on
a greater scale than ever before. For the
city to hold lbi-« ground now for specula
tive purposes would be the most prepos:
terous folly ever heard of. except that of
putting a wooden roof on the pumping
works.
GIVE EMPLOY3IBXT.
Every man who can pay wages w
render himself and the puhlicgrcat service,
by hiring all the labor he can use. Let
the work of clearing away the nthbi-h of
the burnt districts be prosecuted vigorous
ly, so long as the season will admit, and
thus contribute to tho support of cvcrv
man who is willing to work. Tho Relief
Agency will furnish the names of persons
out of employment who arc in want, and
let these men he put nt work for the next
two' months or more. The inonev thus
distributed will he grateful to the recip
ients, and will be a great relief to the com
mittees charged with providing for the des
titute poor.
XEW FIRES,
Two or three new fires broke out yester
day in different parts of the city, but were
extinguished without much difficulty, the
citizens In the vicinity taking bold of the
work with lionlike energy.
FBOM QALEXA.
The Galena Gazette, of Monday, says
“The news of the great fire in Chicago
was received in this city to-day wif i in
tense Interest, and crowds of t coplc
swarmed about the Gazette office .1 day,
Anxious to receive the latest news Many
of our dtizens and their Chicago relatives
owned''property in that distressed city,
•who will saner more or less severely by
this fearful conflagration. Both the Illi
nois Ccntral'and lae Chicago and North
western Railroad Companies have ordeied
their agents to take no freights at present
for Chicago and the Rost
“It is painfully and lamentably evident
that Chicago has experienced a more cruel
fate than that which overtook Moscow.
“It is the most disastrous fire that ever
occurred In this country, and its effects
will be felt in every city and village in the
West.
Every owner of buildings in Galena
should remember that in aU probability
bis property is not insured for a single
cent. It is quite likely that Ibe Ch' M
fire has ruined the insurance co
In view of thU state of affi
Hoscr has very properly order:
night police to for fireS!
EVERYTHING.
THE PHANTOtt CITY.
Tbo comlllloii of oflairs on the Sooth Side, on
yesterday, was jnst about v.Uat mljrht have been
expected from cUlzcub «f c: c -,go. Everybody
was at work, aud at no time for Urn la s t ten years
have there been more busy men than on vcsleidat
It cannot be said that all tl o labor amounted to
much; but It is certain that an Immense amount
ofwork was dote, mainly hi moving goods, occu
pying 1 onscs, clearing away ruins, and even in
building temporary hbelicrs for buslncs* or inci
dence purposes. Many of the vacant lots on Wa
bash avenue were occupied by gang* of men and
loads of lumber; and the resulu were rapidly
apparent In board shanties for Immediate use.
This was the case on the comer of Twelfth street,
where a large number ol dwellings were gotten
underway. Many other vacant places, including
portions of the lake front, were similarly occupied,
and the promise is good that within live days every
family on the South tilde will have some sort of a
shelter. The rebuilding ol bnsincss blocks has not
yet fairly began; bothy to-morrow large numbers
of men will bo engaged In clearing spaces. for
foundations. The prevailing spirit of owners of
real elate may bo fairly Indicated by the way
in which a Vermonter who had just arrived viewed
the s.iuatlon. Ho was standing on Waba*h ave
nue, In front of his particular pile .of bricks, and
thus manifested himself: When I heard of It 1
thought 1 wonld come out and see obont U. I
made my money hero, and X lost part of \ttfurt:
Ivc got some left, and br to-morrow night I'll
have a brick block started.'* This seemed to he
the general sentiment, and the only regret was the
Inopportuneness of tbc season and the lack of
skilled labor to carry on the immense amount of
business necessary.
In the manor of order, the residents of
the South Side had nothing to complain ot Gen
eral Sheridan'* administration has been a soccers
which fact may be credited to the presonco of the
soldier part of the police force, noth the militia
and regulars have done effective service In protect
ing the city, and it may well be doubted whether
the police could have done ft fraction of the same
work, even with aid of the volunteer patrol*. This
latter force has been, perhaps, the mo*t zealous of
all the pcacc.prcservens, and some of their actions
would have been deemed grotesque If
the importance of the moment bad not made them
earnest.’ During the night ills a task of no com
mon moment to pass along any-oflhe South Side
streets, and the ominous “licit cornea out at one
fully once a block. The writer never felt so Im
portant In his life as when ho passed along from
two pursy cllixcns lotwo others for block after
block, and all because he wautedtogo borne to bed.
The extra amount of vigilance may well be ex
cused, however, aud no one feels aggrieved at being
slopped. In Iho burnt district Iho regular*
have charge, aud Iho usefulness of lliolr work is
beyond question. Sentries arc posted in army or
der all through the portion which the fire covered,
and the safes ami valuables are beyond access.
Not wishing to keep the militia from Ibclr
homes, General Sheridan has ordered other regu
lars to take tboir places, and to-day four compa
nies of the Fourth United States Infantry will ar
rive from Louisville. These and other additions
will remain with the force now here until order is
perfectly assured, though the militia will depart
within a day or two.
The provision supply has kept up well, and has
gained steadily upon the consumption, though
any amount of staples will bo welcomed and need
ed before iho crisis Is over.
Thu work of supplying the applicants at the re
lief depots has, perhaps, diminished a little, for
the reason that many families have left the city,
while omers have moved into the West Division
and ceased to make application for that reason.
Taken as a whole .he outlook Is encouraging,
and mere need not now Ire the same fever heat of
apprehension which has prevailed thus far, This
must not be construed into a permission to relax
effort: there was never so much need In the his-
Tory of the Ity as sow, and two years must elapse
before the business men can pause to tako breath.
By that time the people of the country will sec
that their donations have not been misapplied.
CHICAGO RISING AGAIN.
Albert Crosby’s personal loss is about $1,250,000.
His distillery will be rebuilt Immediately. The
south bide Railroad, of which he la the President,
will run to Lake street this evening. Ills Wash
ingtonuud State street property will also bo im
proved immediately. This shows energy of the
right description.
—John B. Drake's losses will reach about $500.-
Quo. but fortbe third time be will rebuild the Drake
Block, and do it atoncu.
—J. V. bcammon ban already broken ground on
bis lot iiumcdiatulysouthortbc late Terrace Block,
and will bnild Immediately a Irame block, n.'OxUU
feet, of one-etory atoms, with a iwo-ntory from' for
office*. There will be three of these stores. The
first will bo occupied by Oeo. C. Cook Co.,
wholesale grocers, the second by Henderson
Co., bouts and shoes, and the third by William 11.
King Co. It is also intimated that Mr. Scam*
mon will reopen the Marine Bank in the addition
which he had began to make to his late residence,
and which was spared.
—Hempstead Armour wilt erect their three
stores on Hirer street. Just os roon as the bricks
cool.
—The Commercial National Bank will rebuild
immcdlatelyoo their old site, ou Dearborn, just
north of Randolph street.
-Ex-Mayor John B. 115 cc will pat up a new
block on the old site, on Dearborn street, immedi
ately.
—The Sherman House will be ro-ercctcd on tba
old site in a very short time. Mr. Oeo. Sherman
has gone to New York to make negotiations to that
effect.
-dames Egan has made arrangements for the
erection of the first building in the burnt district
on the South Side. It is to bo a three-story-brick,
on the north side of 3ladlson street, two doors from
Wells, and Us erection in ten days is guaranteed.
Fifteen men were at work yeaterdav clearing out
the rains.
—Totter Palmer telegraphed to this city, yester
day, to begin at once to clear away the dtbri* from
the site of the Palmer Hotel; bo will rebuild Im-
mediately.
—The Chamber of Commerce association have
already secured 5100,C00 to aid In rebuilding tbclr
structure.
—A number of our prominent merchants are
erecting temporary structures on and near Dear
born Park.
—Quite a number of property owners in the
business portion of the city will at once rebuild In a
way. among the old bricks, running
up two story accommodations till they can do bet-
—lt Is stated that oar Senators announce their
intention to insist on a three million dollar bond
ing on the old site or the Custom House and Poet
Office. In the meantime a force of one hundred
men is at work on the Wabash Avenue Methodist
Church, fitting it up for use as a Post Office; the
other government offices will be located either
there or in tbc neighborhood.
—Alderman Arthur Dixon intends rebuilding at
the corner of Wells and Van Huron streets; has sc-,
cured all the material, and has men putting up the
frame. Twenty others In the same neighborhood
will toon follow Ids example.
THE SOUTH SIDE.
The North Side Is in the same condition, sub
stantially, that it was yesterday. People are at
work at various points getting out safes, and the
streets are tilled with Individuals on foot and in
carriages, viewing the ruins. The Milwaukee
trains came In filled with men who went directly
across Kinzio street bridge and wandered north
and west, gazing at the ruins of cborcbcs and sump
tuous private residences. Tbc pavements arc in a
far worse condition than they are on the South
Side. The wooden buildings did far more m>
chief than tbc stone and brick ones. In many
S laces they are completely honeycombed. The
locks have burned on and tbc strips be
tween them remain untouched. Tbc work of
erecting temporary buildings on Washington Park
Is progressing rapidly, and a number of business
bouses have their signs out—announcing where
they arc to be found. Tbc walls of St. James'
Church have stood the test remarkably well, but
the highest points are a little dangerous
if a high wind snould prevail.
THE PRINTERS.
Through the exertions of President Porqnhar
and the officers of the Typographical Union, over
two hundred printers have left the city during tbe
past two days. The*© men will be provided with
employment In tbe neigbboringeities where unions
exist, and are supplied with sufficient funds by
the union hereto reach their, destination. Tbe
headquarters of the union arc crowded daily, and
ad the committees arc busy In securing provisions
from the Central Committee for the support of
families permanently resident here, and who can
not leave the city until sufficient funds from tbc
ualons in tbc International organization are re
ceived. Up to 6 o'clock last night. President Far-
Shar received despatches from Hannibal
o.) Union sending $18; Kansas City (Mo.)
Union. $100; Leavenworth (Kan.) Union, $1(W; Al
bany (N. Y.) Union, siso: New Albany (Ind.)
Union, $25: Lillie Rock (Ark.) Union, $200; Wash
ington City Union, SI,BOO. During tbc day. Colonel
N. K. Ruckle, Treasurer of the Indianapolis Union,
arrived at the headquarters with s3uo, contributed
by his union. It Is expected that the larger
unions, like New York, Philadelphia, and Now
Orleans, will be beard from to-day, and. Judged by
the amounts already reported, U ts safe to say that
tbc one hundred and fifty unions in tbe United
States and Canada will swell tbe amount of contri
butions for the relief ettte Chicago Union printers
to $30,003 or $35,000.
the white s.ockings.
Un to Sunday night the doa n men who famed
the White Stocking nine undoubtedly occupied a
larger aharo of the public attention than any othe
body of private citizens In the city. By wa of
contrast, it may v e said that ibej occupied very
much inferior positions In the attention of the
people on Monday and nesdar. When the fire
swo r t over tbe Lake Dark grounds tho man appre
r'atvd the situation, and b g*n to make at
tempts to re&ch their former homes. Zettiein was
the only member of tbe nine who happened tr
faa«o capital enough to start Immedlatclr, aid he
Is probably In New York by this time. Tbe other
men have been bn»T trying to get hack, and have
partially succeeded. Captain Wood baa worked
In behalf of hie men. and within a day or two tbe
whole partr, with one exception, will be on their
way to New York. The intention of the
club la to remain together til the end
of tbc season -nd play the remainder of
their championship games»n the Union Grounds.
Brooklyn. By this means tbc men will be enabled
to sustain themselves, and perhaps to make aa
much money as If they had received their salaries
regularly. If they are saccessfhl In gaining the
championship, they will remain together for anoth
er year, and play nodcr the old club name. The
new men engaged lor tbe nine of 1872 have
been released from their contracts,
and It Is not probable that the city will hare a pro
fessional club next year. The single exception re
ferred to Is understood to be Atwater, who has
connected himself with the R. B. Lee Club, of New
Orleans, and will go there Immediately.
Tbe loss oftho members of the -nine was gener
ally heavy. consisting of all tbelrcloUdngand per
sonal property. The only exceptions were Fotev.
Atwater, and Captain Wood, who »U lived outside
the limits oftbe fire.
COOK COUNTY HOSPITAL,
The following clrenlsr, from Dr. Emmons, ex
plains itself;
Cook County Hospital, corner of Eight
eenth and Arnold streets, Oct. 13, IS7I.
For the Information of the relief com
mittees, and the physicians, acting with
them, for the relief of those suffering serious sick
ness from the exposure consequent npon the great
fire, 1 would say that the accommodations at the
County Hospital are equal to the demand, and am
bulances can be had by applying to the warden of
the hospital to transport those deemed to be hos
pital cases. F. A. EnaoNS,
Chairman Hospital Committee, Board of Snper-
tUow.
It la the intention of the committee to retain
this building during the winter, and they feel able
to afford attendance to all who fflaj require It.
There are at preaent numbers of persona In
the churches who require medical aid, one We*i
Side doctor having had eight childbirth cases
night be loro last, moat of them premature, and It
would be far better to have them lu a hospital
where they can be properly cared for, than In the
places where they arc now situated.
COURAGE AND PERSEVERANCE.
A remarkable Instance of courage and presence
of mind la told of Ur. E. I. Tlnkbam, of the Second
National Bank. On Monday morning,, before the
fire bad reached that building. Mr. Tlnkbam went
to the safe and succeeded In petting out $600,000.
This pile of greenbacks be packed into s-common
trank, and hired a colored man for SI,OOO to con
vey it to the Milwaukee depot. Fearing to be re
cognized In connection with the piccloue load, Mr,
Tlnkbam followed the man fora time at some dl*.
tance, bnt soon lost sight of him. He waa
then overtaken by the fire-storm, and was driven
toward the lake on theSonth Side. Here,after
passing; through several narrow escapes from.'suffo
cation, bs succeeded In working his way. by some
means, to a tugboat, and got round to the Mil
waukee depot, where he found the colored man
walling lor him. with the trunk, according to
nrorn* Tlnkbam paid the man the SI,OOO,
ailltMQf' r r>
I
n 0n “W r tlis “"4 1* r«™ in
S?* n r :S e; M f Orally onion. N. Utifhnclt.
Nio vrns up during Iho whole or llio dreadful nicht
nnd nhuul 3 o'clock on Monday mora.
ing, the Court House having caught fire, eho be
came convinced that the derinicilon of the Shcr
ran Homm was Inevitable. She then packed her
mink* mid determined to rave ns mncli as pusslblo.
i ef p rv aDSB nbo,lt l] *a hotel had been on
duty lighting the fire on the roof and else*
ri” 1 r applied to one of them,
offering him a hundred dollars to assist her In get*
ting her trunks to the sidewalk, but lie declined
the templing offer, as he was still under orders of
the hotel, the discipline of which, amid all the ex
citement, was still maintained. She then dragged
her trunks down three or four flights of stairs with
her own hands, receiving a little Incidental assist
ance only from one or two guests. Arriving at the
sidewalk, no conveyance could be procured. She
at last spoke to a l»oy whom she indneed to assist
her, and by dragging one of her trunks along the
street with her own hands, while her assistant took
care of the other, she at last reached tho river. She
finally found asmall boy with a very poor excuse for
horse and light wagon, whom tho engaged to con
vey her tnd her trunk to a'nilroad for $25. The
prospect was decidedly nnfavorai.lo for getting
anywhere, bat the horse pullc* tlm.ugb and she
wis landed at tho Chicago. Alton St Louis
Railroad. She desired to go East, but being una
ble to reach an eastern train the took the llret train
on Iho St. Louis Road, went to Alton, and from
there came to Quincy by boat.
—Mrs. Lander, the tragedienne, who was In the
city on iho same evening, wo imtiorvand, lost all
her pergonal baggage and wardrobes.
—Theodore Thomas nudbls orchestra saved their
Instruments, and Miss Krehte, the planlstc of the
troupe, made her escape with a single sheet of mu
sic In her hand.
—Miss Jane Coombs and her troupe, at Cincin
nati, gave n matinee performance at Pike’s Opera
House, on Wednc«lav afternoon, the entire pro
ceeds of which were devoted to the relief ol Chi
cago. Miss Coombs and Mr. Ford, the manager,
presented a solid silver cup to one of the police
force who had made tho largest sales of tickets.
—McKee Rankin and troupe gave a benefit i»cr
formauco at Louisville, on TueWay afternoon.
—Mr. Alfred 11. Pease, the pianist, lost all his
music, and has gone to Bnflhlo.
LOSS OP SHIPPING.
The shipping in our harbor suffered largely, ns
many vessels were lying at the wharves. The fol
lowing vessels were destrovecl: Tho new propeller
Navnrino. oflhe Goodrich Steamboat line; valued
at S6J.GOk the barkGlenbenlah. valued at $25,000;
tho schooner Stampede, valued at SUi,OuO; the
bark Fontanolla, valued nt SIU,(KX): the schooner
Eclip.-c, valued at $5,0 J3; the Canadian hark Valcl
la. valued at sl(*.noy. amt two lumber barges, own
ed by tho Peshtigo Towing Company, value not
known.
THE GETTYSBURG!! PICTURE.
Don Pedro Carlo Stockel. the janitor of the
Academy of Design, has called upon ns with refer
enceto the saving of Rothermcrs great historical
painting of the "Battle of Oettysburgh.’’ "Don,"’
wlio slept in the Academy, was up all night. At C
o'clock he saw the danger to the Academy, and
at once determined to rescue the picture. The
drapery was tom away, and the mouldings remov
ed. and an effort was then made to wrench It from
the nails. In so doing the picture was torn some,
but not so badly that it cannot bn repaired. A*
Inst the picture was taken down and cm
from the stretcher, and “Don" carried it
to Jackson street and placed it on
the steps of Trinity Church. He then returned to
save lus personal effects and more pictures, and
when he went back come other parties had re
moved It to a place of safety, Ue remained In the
Academy, doing bis duty nobly, until the fire fairly
scorched him and drove him out. lie did his duty
nobly, and as he U going to New York wo com
mend tdm to the artists there as an honest, faithful
mao.
ORDER MAINTAINED.
Lieutenant General Sheridan yesterday addressed
the following commnnicatlon to the Mayor, giving
the gratifying intelligence that peace and good or
der prevail, bat calling upon the citizens to con
tinue for a time their vigilance and precautionary
measures.
Headquarters Military Division of tbc Missouri,
Chicago, Oct. I*2.—To Ills Honor the Mayor—The
preservation of peace and g*K)d order of the city
having been entrusted tome by Your Honor, I am
happy to state that no case of out
break or disorder has been reported. No
authenticated attempt at Incendiarism has reached
me. and that the people of the city are calm, quiet,
and well disposed.
The force at my disposal is ample to maintain
order should it bo necessary, and protect the dis
trict devastated by Arc. Still, 1 would suggest to
citizens not to relax in their watchfulness until
tho smouldering Arcs of the burnt buildings are
entirely extinguished. P. 11. SHERIDAN.
Lieutenant General.
NEW TREMONT HOUSE.
It was reported on yesterday afternoon that John
B. Drake bad purchased the Michigan Avenno
House, corner of Congress street, am) would short
ly assume the management, re-christening it the
Trenton!. Should this prove to oe true, Mr. Drake
would scorn to have vindicated ids bnslnci-s sagac
ity in that he had secured the only first-class hotel
In the city—at least on the South Side.
SUPREME COURT.
On Tuefidav night Mr. C.H. Willett worn down
to Ottawa, and had an interview with tbo Judges
oftbc Supreme Court. He states that all the coses
of this comity have been placed at the fool of the
docket. Fora continuance, application must be
made unless briefs are filed on both sides, when
tbo Judges will render a decision.
A VALUABLE COLLECTION LOST.
One oftbc peculiarly unfortunate losses bv the
Are whs that of J. Q. A. Warren, member of" sev
eral European scientific societies, and well known
in the W'c&t asa laborious and effective worker in
the canso of science.
Mr. Warren had boon for years engaged In col
lecting entomological and natural history speci
mens for tbc societies named, unit his resufts were
stored in various buildings in the city—nil of them
in the burnt district. The value of the collec
tions cannot, of course, lie accurately estimated in
money, but they undoubtedly represented
S3.OtW or more, reckoning, of course, the
value of duplicates. In addition to
the collection. Mr. Warren lost all Ida hook* and
Eapcrs, as well as n large number of copies of the
omlon Land and Water, Air which he was agent
InlheWest. These had not been taken from the
Post Office and met their fate in that building.
The only portion of his collection which was sav
ed was the large assortment of cocoons and silk
worms which were at the Cincinnati Exposition,
where the owner himself happened to be.
BANKRUPTCY RECORDS.
Mr. H. N. Hubbard, the Register in Bankrnptcy
of Hie United States Court, has saved the entire
official records of his office. His clerk was there
st the time of the fire, and carried them out to the
prairie on the West side, where they now lie safe.
These records ore the more valuable, since the
originals, of which they are copies, wero burned
In the United Slates court room. Theyarcjhe
only official court records ns yet known to'bc saved
from the general wreck.
NOT LOST.
The report that Dr. Freer and bis family per
ished it) the basement of the Historical Society
building was incorrect. The Doctorand bis fam
ily are safe and well at Dickinson's Hotel, on the
plank road, near Jefferson. He will he In the city
to-day. to ostabll-b nn office somewhere In the
WcslDivUion. Tills news will lie received with
delight by the Doctor's nnmerona friends, and the
profession generally.
—The same report relative to the death of Mr.
George It. Carpenter and wife is also incorrect.
Mr. Carpenter is alive and well in the cliy. and
Mrs. Carpenter is a Crystal Like. It is sincerely
to be hoped that other reports of this character may
prove equally incorrect.
—Mr. Frodsham, the well-known art-connois
seur, was absent from borne ut the time of the Are.
His wife, who was sick, was removed by a gentle
man named Pratt. The latter was unable to And
Mr. Frodsham, who, after spending two davsln
constant search, at last found her yesterday morn
ing In the German Lutheran Church, on Sedgwick
street, very ill and partially insane.
THE ILLINOIS CENTRAL.
The Illinois Central Railroad delivered at Tobey
Brooks' warehouse, on Wednesday, twenty-five
carloads of provisions for the sufferers, being
donationsfrnm the line of that road; and yester
day they delivered eighteen carloads more from
their line, and they have still more ready to be
delivered as fast as tncj can bo unloaded,
John Newell, the President of the road, has tele
graphed the authorities of Peoria, Minonk. Gilman,
Mendota, Perm and Champaign, that their con
tributions will he thankfully received and care
fully distributed among the sufferers.
RELIEF TO THE NEEDY.
Thu headquarters for the distribution of food
which bad hitherto been at the old Congregational
Church, corner of Washington and Green streets,
have been removed to the Scotch Presbyterian
Church, at the corner of Sangamon and Adams,
where abont 1.000 people were ‘furnished, not only
with food, but with almost sumptuous food, three
times yesterday. Considerable clothing was also
distributed at the same place. The supplies were
chiefly obtained from tbo Relief Committee, but U
was through the ashldnons efforts of the ladies of
the Tenth Ward, assisted by a few gentlemen, that
the meals were served so promptly and bountifully,
and supplied with many dainties to add to the
relish of the banquet. The programme
will he repeated to-day and until further notice.
The geests were furnished with scats and tables
In the basement of the cbnrch. which makes a
spacious dining room, and probably never served
God better than now, while serving as tbo dis
pensary of food to the needy. The scene presented
by the long rows of sufferers was affecting in the
extreme. Manv showed very plainly the signs of
their recent suffering, gome were bandaged or de
faced, In token of physical injuries received dar
ing the conflagration; many were evidently of the
poorer class; hut not a few were apparently of a
class which had not only never before been
recipients of anything which resem
bled charity. hat bad never
dreamed of each a vicissitude coming upon them;
men who have shone In social and artistic cir
cles as both gay and gifted, came for their rations,
with their coats buttoned to conceal that memento
of the fire, almost universally worn now by Chicago
gentlemen—-a soiled shirt-front. Many of those
who are non* (and rightfully) receiving food and
lodging at the bands of those who have undertaken
these h»noflccni measures, were last week among
the most luxurious livers and enjoying the most
promising prospects of any In the city. Too much
credit cannot be given to the ladies who have vol
unteered their services and arc laboring so arduous
ly iu the relief canse.
DETROIT AID.
The followlne resolution was unanimously
adopted bv ibe Detroit committee:
K<tolz<d. As the *e:»«o ol the committee ap
pointed by the city of Detroit to distribute mate
rial aid to the needy of CUicaco, we recommend,
after careful Invcstl'catlon. “The Chlcaco Aid and
Keller Society.’' as the most wise, well-organized,
and judicious avenue through which the bonefac
tlonaofonrclllzens may be distributed, and we
further recommend that, in view of tho fact that
an abundance of provisions for present nse are al.
rcany supplied, ail further subscription* bo col
lected In cash, and deposited In bank to the credit
of our finance committee for the use of this soci
ety. as their pres? inc wont sdevclopand take form.
U.B. WAUD, Chairman of Committee.
HA MI LTO>*., C ANA D A
A committee from Hamilton. Canada, composed
of Messrs. Stanford, Wood, nnd Copp, arri cd In
Chicago on yesterday morning, and at once waited
upon Mayor Mason and C. C. P. Holden, with a
view to ascertaining the precise needs ol the sot
ferers. The Hamilton gentlemen have adopted a
course especially judicious and Intelligent under
the circumstances. Aware that prices In Canada
of everything needed are from 25 toTsper cent
lower than To the States, the committee wisely
fore bo re to forward anr money, preferring to in*
vest the contribution? in Canada, and thu* give
Chicago the foil benefit of the low prices there.
They were advised by Mayor Mason and President
Holden that the articles most needed now and in
the immediate funro are clothing, boots and
•hoc*, blankets, coal, hardware, nails, etc. With
this Information, wnich the people of Canada in
general will bo glad to act upon, the Hamilton
committee will at once return or send word borne,
and noble responses may bo expected at once.
They wore provided with a special car by the Great
Western I ailroad Company, in which they rode
through to Chicago and (n which thiy are living.
THE SAFES.
Bowen, Hunt A Winslow opened their fata yes
terday morning, and foond the contents entirely
uninjured. A watch belonging to Mr. Bowen, and
containing a photographic family group, was al
most as good as new.
—Baird A Bradley, who were at No.: 90 Sooth
LaSalle street, opened their Tank yesterday morn
ing, and found all their papers unharmed.
—Ogden A Sheldon, at ttiecorncrof LaSalle and
Lake streets, opened their safe and found every
thing in order.
—The books and papers of Ducat*# Io» *rance
Agency, at the corner of LaSalle and Randolph
street#, wore all saved.
—The damage to the safes In the Tribune Build
ings was not great. J. R. Hill, whose office was on
tbo second floor, yesterday ascended the Madison
street staircase and found his sate. Thtj combina
tion lock was Intact, and opened wit* 'faculty.
All the papers were safe.
The safe of the .Etna Jn
Hartford, was opened, arH
be only s mass of charred
Insurance Company’s vaultpl
The Travellers' Insurance
out In good order, and the pa
THE POST C
-e Wood, So,
l!i a HonnrS? CC A bra b "111 alto probably
be goon opt ned ou the Wo#t Side.
Ol if night of the fire Col
onel ood went to the Post Office building with
some wagons and took general charge ofafiafre. Ho
Uu ~!a st. °no to leave, and did
cim‘rt°4?th U ll i n,I l bc ieltcrs there had been ec
w*Jh l be exception of a small mail which
*nn? i IS Furt Wayne Road at midnight.
i lu iL9 Vcrt^ cti aud registered loiters were sc
i« .u l 't?. n l ps and B tamped envelopes were
In the vault, which, when opened, proved worth
Iti 01 tbe old building arc worthless.
an n probably be ‘made to secure the
erection of one which shall surpass any in the
country, except the one at New York.
y. RETURN THEM.
an act of justice, as well as of great
nrtvato Gcrvio', (oral! persons who by any means
have come Into possesion of goods and account
books belonging to persons whose stores have been
destroyed, to retamtbcm to the owners, or adver
tise where they may bo found. There are many
persons unable to resume business nr settle their
■flairs, for want of account books known to have
been saved from the fire, but deposited In places
not remembered.
LETTER FROM S 9. HAYES.
Toi the EdltorofThe Chicago Tribune.
As the General Assembly -are about to meet,
under the call of tho Governor to legislate for the
relief of Chicago, suffering under the terrible ca
lamity which has befallen ns. I venture to make a
few suggestions,which may cull forth others, and aid
In producing a well defined and judicious plan. I
mention the following points:
To authorize a revaluation of property In the
city for Slate and connty taxes of IcCl—to relieve
the burnt district and the immediate sufferers as
Car a.-i possible.
2. To authorize a suspension of city taxes, put
for two years, and a temporary loan by the State to
defray the general expenses of the city, to be re
paid trom collections of taxes in future.
3. To memorialize Congress in general for such
assistance as they can constitutionally grant, and
In particular, as n part of tho relief, for an appropri
ation of four millions, to refund to Chicago the
amount expended in enlarging the Illinois and
Michigan Canal, and to pass such laws as to convey
ibe title of the canal and Us revenues to the Gen
eral Government. The General Government can
receive the canal anj complete it as a ship canal
tinder the power to regulate commerce between
the States and with foreign nations, and to provide
for the national defence.
•1. To authorize Chicago to make all necessary
arrangements with Its creditors for payment of the
city debt, principal and Interest, and old them in
doing so, as far as the power may exist.
1 w»»ild suggest also that the’Common Council
should invito the of a committee of oar
most enlightened and experienced citizens, in ar
ranging a financial scheme to meet the exigency.
Voure truly, s s u.WKi
Chicago, Oct. la, 1671.
UNITED STATES OFFICERS.
All the United States offices and court:* are In
Congress Hall, on Congress street, near Michigan
ayenuc. The United Stales flag was hoisted on the
building at half-past 1 o’clock yesterdav after
noon by Deputy Collector Ayers. Gen. John A.
Logan addressed the assemblage, which num
bered about five hundred people, saying
that th« old flag yet waved over Chicago, and t hat
she would yet live. Ho counselled the citizens not
to leave the city, ns they would most assuredly
come lack again. Uls remarks were received wttfi
applause.
BISHOP FOLEY
received a telegram from Archbishop Kendrick
of Si Louis yesterday. In which he stated that he
would lake 300 of the Catholic orphans.
FIRST SECOND AND THIRD WARDS.
Persons who lived in the First, Second, and
Third Wards will hereafter receive food in the
basement of Congress Hall, on Congress street,
near Michigan avenne. Colonel Tbomas U. Keefe
has charge of the provisions.
STEAMER BURNED.
The steam engine Fred. Good was horned up at
the corner of Canal and Van Buren streets, and the
steamers Sibcrt and William James, which wero lu
tho repair shop on Kinzio street, wore badly dam
aged. Their upper works wero saved, and they
will Ito pnt in running order as soon as possible.
FIRE ALARM TELEGRAPH,
The Are alarm telegraph office U at the southwest
corner of Canal and Washington streets. All the
wires in the city, wittkfew exception!*, are In run
nlngotder. and nn alarm of Are In the South and
West Divisions caq be sent promptly to the dlffor
ent engine houses.
OUTSIDE RELIEF.
Responses from Hie World at
Large.
Inconsequence of the crowded state of our col
umns, we are obliged to condense, to tbo last de
gree, the subjoined Items of relief from the world
at large;
—The Cincinnati Relief Committee, headed by
S! Keck, have begnu the erection of a mammoth
soup bou.-u on the corner of Green and Carroll
streets, to be maintained during the coming win
ter.
—Robert Hervoy, President of tbo Illinois St.
Andrews. Society, Is lu receipt of a despatch Rom
Montreal, giving notice of the shipment of dona
tions; ako from the St. Andrews' Society of Al
bany, directing him to draw on tbom at sight for
JOOu for the rcliuf of Scottish sufferers.
—llannoy IngllS, of this city, are instructed by
their Canada correspomlrnts to subscribe i,’SOU for
account of tho city of Dublin. Ireland. Tbo
amount wns placed yesterday in Quebec by cable,
and tho money was forwarded from there last
night.
—The Pittsburgh Are engines, Avo in number,
which worked for us three day*, have left for
home, headed by Colonel John U. Stewart,
tho Postmaster of Pittsburgh, who came with
them. They rendered coed service.
—General L, P. Hubbard, of Red Wing, tele
graphs that SI.UU) will be sent at once from that
place.
—llalllday Bros., of Ctlro, gave JfO barrels of
Aour, and tho citizens of Cairo have sent a car load
of cooked provisions. More Is coming.
—Edwin Walden, Mayor of Lyon, Mass., tele
graphs Doggott, Bassett Hills to draw on him for
ss.(*x),aud ss,otxiwas subscribed ntapablic meeting
lu Lynn.
—Edward P. Bood, of Boston, telegraphs that
tbc New England shoe and cotton interest is pre
paring to make large collections of money.
—McKim Co„ of Baltimore, bavo shipped
SI,OOO in greenbacks as a“parlial donation from the
citizens Qfßnliimore."
—Charles W. Reardon, of tho Quincy Whig, has
brought three car loads from Quincy.—one of Aour,
one of iwtatoc. 4 and one of sundries, including
boots, shoes, etc. This makes four car loads Irom
Quincy.
—Bradlsh, Johnson «t Sou, sugar rcAncrs, of New
York cllyi send Ibis despatch: “Tell all onr friends
to keep up ihctr courage. We will sec them
through and old them in every way."
—Louisville will furnish homes for 1,000 women
and girls, and the Masonic lodges of that city will
take care of 250 families during the winter.
—Governors Hayes, of Ohio, and Jewell, of
Connecticut, have been In consultation with Mayor
Mason, ns to the articles most needed here, and
will return home and make recommendations to
the people of their respective Slates.
—Ten thousand dollars in cash comes from Bal
timore.
—lndianapolis will famish homes for 200 women.
—Corncllvlllc, 111., n town of about 1.000 Inhab
itants. will provide homes it once for 100 families
—Milwaukee has sent word that her public build
ings and private residences are open to all who
may come. Shu baa shipped cargoes of coal and
stoves.
—The various relief delegations from abroad now
in the city, contemplate the issuance of an address
to the GovernorofevervState In the Union, urging
them to call extra session! of the Legislatures for
the purporsc of appropriating money.
—A number of New York capitalists have deter
mined to erect a large first-class hotel on the West
tilde, also a block of substantial stores. Work
will begin at once.
—Thomas Whitney, of New York, telegraphs
that a large lightning train has left that city for
Chicago via tbo Eric Roid, containing bedding,
clothing,etc.
—Competent cooks, atd girls to do general
housework, are wanted In endless' numbera in In
dianapolis. Good wages will be paid.
—Seven thousand dollars will be raised by the
coopers of New York for their brethren of this city.
—A car load of provisions and sundries were re
ceived on Thursday from Springfield, 111.
—The following additional eootnbnUoua of pro
visions from abroad have been reported since our
last: Evansville, Ind.. Icar; Indianapolis, Sears;
Cincinnati.Scare; Bunker Hill, 1 car; Urbana,
Ohio, 1 car: Richmond, Ind., 1 car; bpringfield.
Ohio. 2 cars; Hartford City. I car; Logansport, 1
car; Columbia, baggage; Greenville. Ohio. 1 car;
Dayton, Ohio. 1 car; Louisville. 1° cars;
Paris, Illinois 1 car; Cedar Falls, lowa,
1 car; Philadelphia, 1 car bread: Burlington, «Is.
several barrels; New York City, a lightning ex
ams* on the way; Keokuk, one car potatoes Al
leghany City. one car; Barraboo. Wisconsin, two
cars; Colombo*. Ohio, one car, with clothing;
Covington, Kentucky, fifty barrels of flou rand pro
visions; Oswego, New \ork, offers $10,000; Pala
tine Barrington. Thompson. Mount Carroll, Lake,
and Barr, all in ono nclewiortiood. tend fnppUcs.
Albert Thompson and Frank 8. Merritt,
leather merchants, of Boston, have each sent SIOO
loL D.Sldwaylna'd of Chicago snfftrer*. The
money has already been raplied.
—The Grand Lodge of Illinois, I. O. O F., baa
appropriated $2,000 for thetr suffering brother*
in Chicago, and has Issued a circular to
every lodge In the State requeuing con
tributions, and has appointed a com
mittee to confer with the Sire and
and Secretary of the Grand Lodge of the United
States, and officers of other Jorisdlctlons through
out the Unitov States and British Provinces, to so
licit aid from the entire membership of the order.
The resident committee consists of J. Ward Ellis
and E. B. Sherman, with headquarter* at Fort
Dearborn Lodge, corner of Madison and Halsted
streets. Several car loads of food and provisions
have already arrived, and response* are being re
ceived from Odd Fellow* all over the country.
—A despatch to the Louisville committee states
that the cash subscription* have reached $85,000
with several committees yet to report. $20,000 of
alies.ln addition, have been forwarded. In sttll
er addition the City Council have appropriated
•50,000. making an aggregate at this time of $130,-
1)00, and will reach probably $150,000. All honor
to the noble hearted people of Louisville. Their
generosity speaks for itself.
—A conple of carloads of provisions and cloth
ing have been received from Marengo, lowa, and
more are on their way.
—D. F. Tieman. ex-Mayor of New York city, has
sent SIOO in cash to be applied toward relief
THE HOUSE OF BISHOPS.
Resolution* of Sympathy—Ap
peal to the Episcopal Church.
The Bishop of DUnols reached home yesterday
morning from the General Convention of the
Church, now in session at Baltimore, bearing with
him the following resolutions of sympathy from the
Qonsc of Bishops to the authorities of the city of
Chicago:
Conv of resolutions adopted by the Hooseof Bish
ops, October 11,1871.
lie/oltfiL That with deep sympathy for onr
brother In the #ore calamity which has be&Uen the
people of his charge, the Uonse unanimously con
sent# to the temporary leave of absence asked by
the BUhon of Illinois.
Bt*oir(d, That oor brother is requested to con.
rex to the authorities of the city of Chicago the
expression of the deep interest taken by this
House in the calamitous suffering that has befallen
that great city, and it# earnest nope that. In re
sponse to the appeal already made by this House,
a ilko interest will be felt and manifested by the
sn embers of all onr churches.
The■nopeal above referred to is a pastoral signed
by all the Bishops of the Church, and sent to their
respective decrees, asking for offerings in aid of
the sufferers in Chicago, to bo made on Sunday,
Oct. isrh. and following Sundays.
A large and enthusiastic meeting took plareon
Monday evening last in Baltimore, at which all the
Bishops of the Church were present. Bishop Sel
wyn, of England, preaching. A collection of
$2,050.60 was taken on the plates, and forwarded
to the Mayor of Chicago. It is the fbil understand
ing that all the donation# tod collections made by
the Cbnrcb arc to be dUtributed.wlthont reference
to creed or nationality, bnt for the mitigation of
the greatest suffering.
The Bishop of Illinois meets the city clergy, the
members oflbo Standing Committee, and others
at hi# residence, this x»n, at 3 o'clock, for
mutual consniutioT oor great calamity,
-ions to his re tut lend Convention,
e service' ‘'athedrtl to-
Snnd#~ m. Af
DIRECTORY.
As business Is beginning to revive, and the pub
lic ore anxious to know the localities of onr pub
lic offices and leading business houses, Tho Jour
nal will nnbllrii from day to day the latest informa
tion on tula subject. Below is given a list of lo
calities so far as known at this writing;
—Chicago Evening Journal, 15 and 17 South
Canal street, near Randolph.
—Board or Trade, 51 and 53 South Canal street.
—Post Office. Burlington Hall, corner Sixteenth
street. Soon to bo removed to Plymouth Church,
comer Wabash avenue and Eldridgc court.
—Western Union Telegraph Company, C 3 Sonth
Canal street.
—Common Council, new Congregational Church,
comer of West Washington and Ann streets..
—Board of Public Works, Masonic building, cor
ner of West i andolnh and Halstcd streets.
—The officers of the Illinois Central, and Cbica
co. Borllngton and Quincy Railroads will be found
at the rnlns of the oU depots. Their vaults are in
great danger.
—The U. S. Custom House. U. .S. Depository*,
Marshal’s office, U. S. Courts, U. S. Commissioner
Hoync, will be located In the old Congregational
Church, comer of Green and Washington.
—The office forthe arrival and departure of ves
sels. Nt Light House.
—The Tribune office is lo the same building as
The Journal.
—United States Pension Office, rear of a drug
store aithecorocrof State and Sixteenth streets.
The address of the agent, D. Blakelev, is SBl
Michigan avenue.
—Merchants'Savings, Loan and Trust Company
can bo found at the residence of the Presildent,
Mr. S. A. Smith. 414 WaKv-h avenue.
—The proprietors of the Sherman House have
bought P. W. Gates’ Hotel, comer Clinton and
Madison streets, and will open Iroruedlatelv.
—The Mntteson House proprietors can be found
at 57H West Washington street, where all bittiness
will be transacted.
—The Tromou: Ilonso proprietors have pur
chased the Michigan Avenue Hotel, where they arc
now stationed.
—The Headquarters of Citizens’ Patrol Police
(organized yesterday afternoon), are at the Engine
House on Thirty-first street, westofState.
—The Pacific and Atlantic Telegraph offices arc
situated at No. 351 Clarkstrecr.
—The Pullman Palace Car Company have sta
tioned their office at the corner of 'Eighteenth
street and Prairie avenue.
—Tho Lumber Exchange Is nt the southwest cor
ner Lake and Market streets, where the Importers
and dealers can be found.
—Board of Education. No. 271 West Randolph
street, between Sangamon and Morgan streets.
—After to-day the Mayor's office. City Comp
troller’s, City Treansurer’s and other city oflices,
will bo at the corner of Hubbard court and Wa
ba?havcnnc. Tb** department of the Board of
Public Works and the other departments of the
city Government wi l be located In the same vi
cinity.
—J. U. McVlcker may bo found at No.TOO Michi
gan avenne, where he wilt do all in bis power to
help the needy ones of the profession.
—Connty Physician Miller’s office Is at the Union
Street Police Station, comer of Madison.
The Morgue is temporarily nt No Ui Milwaukee
avenne.
The Evening Mail office in Llnu’s Block, cast end
of Randolph street bridge.
—'pie Briggs House Is at Iho Laclede Hotel, near
MidisOn street bridge, where hosts Wentworth A
Woohvorth can be found.rcady toentertain gnests.
—The Assessor and Collector of Internal Revenue
have established their offices in Congress Hall, to
rear ofMlchican Avenue Hotel, comer of Congress
street and Michigan avenue.
—‘Tim First Precinct Police Station has been re
moved to church corner of Third avenue and Polk
street.
An office of the Lakeside Monthly has been
opened at 855 West Madison street. The continued
publication of the Monthly is assured.
BANK DIRECTORY.
Some of the banks have changed their location
since yesterday, and others then afloat have since
anchored. Still others are unsettled. The follow
ing Is the list so far:
—First National. W i Wabash avenno.
—Merchants Loan and Trust Company, 414
Wabash avenue.
—Third National, 4SR Wabash arunne.
—Fourth National, 475 Wabash avenue.
—Fifth National. 449 Wabash avenue.
—Union Nations!, 554 Wabash avenue.
—National Bank of Commerce, 532 Wabash
avenue.
—Northwestern. 530 Waltash avenue.
—City National, “Bishop Block," West Ran
dolph.
—Traders’ National. 447 Wabash avenno.
—Merchants’ National, S2S Michigan avenue,
—Cook County National. 233 Michigan avenue.
—lllinois State National. 1014 West Randolph.
—Merchants’ National, 281 Cottage Grove ave
nue.
—Manufacturers* National, 532 Wabash avenue.
—Cushman, Hardin A Co., 57 Calumet avenue.
—Merchants'. Farmers* and Mechanics' Savings
Bank, 64Soulh Halstcd stiect.
To the Citizens of Chicago.
The undersigned respectfully call your attention
to tbc following facts The committees from the
principal cities of the West with food and supplies
of ail kinds have been in your city since last Mon
day night; they assembled at tho headquarters of
the Mayor and City Council, corner of Ann and
Washington streets, and have since ro-operatod
with Alderman Holden, and other members of the
Council. Mr. Moord and his associates being the
only organization known to them In the city for tho
relief of the sufferers by tbo great fire, the St.
Louis supplier l with largo quantities entrusted to
tbo delegation from Indiana and Illinois*, were dis
tributed by General Hardio, who in
under orders of General Sheridan, placed them,
as wo believe, most Judiciously. We attest most
heartily to the tm.-elCslj and arduous services
rendered by Alderman Holden, Mr. Mooro and his
associate incmls rs, the Mayor, and many of tho
Common Connell, Mr. Preston, of tho Board of
Trade, and especially General Sheridan and his
aids, and yet deem it a duty to say to you that It
is now absolutely -sscntlal that tbo work be sys
tematically and economically extended, that
ample arrangements fhnvhl at onet b°
made for the reception and careful dis
tribution of coming supplies by an
organization which will satisfy yourselves, and en
courage your friends to continued action. We arc
perfectly satisfied to recommend to the country
that all moneys intended for your relief bo sent to
the City Treasurer, because we believe that they
will not only bo safe, but will bo expended in ac
cordance with the wish of tho contributors but
from the facts presented we trust you will sec the
actual necessity for the systematic arrangement al
luded to: and. now that your best men can
calmly survey tho condition without fear of the fu
ture, we again mostcarnestly beg that you will take
immediate steps for n thorough and permanent
organization, that will be entirely equal to the
great work before them.
HENRY P. BLOW.
Ch. of the Western Committee?.
A. T. GOSUORN.
Cb. of Cincinnati Com.
WM. M. MORRIS,
Ch. Louisville Coin.
iMsrn.ixn:.
The amount of loss by the great llru. and the In
snrance thereon that am l>c realized, form a lead.
Ing topic of discussion in most of onr exchanges,
and thcJcstlmaiOK vary widely.as might be expected.
The estimates of loss vary all tbo way from $400,-
000,000 down to fffS.OuO.OW, the minimum amount
being named by an Eastern Insurance journal,
which professes to know ail ><bont It. a claim that
can scarcely be accredited, nulcss the manuscript
contained one cipher mote than the printed col
umn. The amount of insurance Is capable of
being slated much more accurately. The follow
ing arc the figures, a* near as we can now gather
them:
American. New York
Citizens', New York
Commercial Union. England.
Columbia, New .York*.
Glcn's Falls. New York.
Hoffman. New York
Imperial, England. 150X00
International, New York 450.000
importers' and Traders', New York 22.500
Lorillard. New York 800,000
Lawrence, Boston.. 12,000
Merchants*, New York 15,000
Merchants', Providence 13,000
New Amsterdam. New York. 40,000
North British and Mercantlle-JEngland.. 1.000,000
Liverpool, London and Globe 5,000.000
National. Bangor 17,500
New York Fire 15,000
Pbenix. Brooklyn 350.000
Royal, England 96,000
blerling.New York 7.500
Tradesman's. New Y0rk...... 30.00)
Underwriters' Agency, New York ftX.OOO
WHliamshnrgh City 85.000
Citizens' Insurance Company. Now York. 23.000
Continental. New York 1,600,000
Alps, Erie. Pa 12,000
Adriatic, New York 5.000
American. Now Jersey 10.000
American Exchange, New York 15,000
Commercial. New Y0rk..... AOGO
Commerce, New York 80,000
Firemen's Trn*K Brooklyn.. 5.000
Guardian. New York. 40X00
Howard. New York 975,000
Home. Colomhns 150.0 CC
Jefferson. New York 47,500
Lenox, New York SO.UX
Lamar. New York 300X00
Lafayette, New York 88.000
Mercantile, Now York 100.000
Manhattan, New York 500,000
North. American. New York 251‘,000
Pacific, New York 12X00
Pacific. Sau Francisco 600,000
Resolute. New York 73,000
Union. Maine 5,(U)
Washington. New York 400.000
Yonkers New York &X),00O
Eliot, Boston 12.500
Manufacturer*', Boston 350.000
North American, Ikwion 10.000
Hartford of Hanford 1,250.000
North American. New Turk 230,000
New England Insurance Company 700.W.0
St. LonU compa ie» 609.000
Western. Buffalo tfuO.oo9
Buffalo City. Bnflklo 750,000
Pnffnlo Fire and Marine 1.000.000
Independent, Boston 000,000
National. Bosum 400.000
Hyde and Leather. Boston
Shoe sod Leather. Boston..
Security. Now York
Firemen's. Boston
Boylston Insurance Company, Boston... 26,000
City Insurance Company, Boston 15.000
Franklin Insurance Company, 805t0n.... 53.000
Howard, Boston 27.500
Neptune. B os ton 00.000
Merchants', Boston .10,000
Suffolk, Boston., 23,000
Tremont, Boston 60.009
Washington, Boston 25,000
Independent, Boston. 850.000
Excelsior, New York 3U0.0U0
Dome, New York 4.000.000
Illinois companies' assets...., 0,746.000
Total $33,583,500
To meet there losses, the companies named lout
up a total asset* of $79,600,000.
NORTHWESTERN FIRES.
WISCONSIN.
The latest reports from Pesbtlgo arc to the effect
that three hundred and twenty-five dead bodies
had been found and buried, up to Wednesday
night, and it was believed that one hundred more
would be fonnd when the river was dragged. Be
tween sixty and seventy dead bodies have been
brought into Oconto. At the Belgian settlement
In Door County, nine persons were lost. Tts
Governor has authorized the Mayor of Green Bay
to drew on the State Treasury Ibr not exceeding
$20,000 to relieve sufferers.
MICHIGAN.
All that part of the State north of a point forty
1 miles above Fort Huron, and cast of Saginaw Bay.
has been swept by fire. Numerous villages have
been entirely destroyed. Several persons are
known to have been destroyed, but eighteen or
twenty picked up by a vessel. Tbe loss In
the State has amounted to hundreds of thousands
of dollars. Bridgeport was saved only by a shower
of rain.
ILLINOIS.
Last Monday a fire broke oat In the southern
part of Urbana, In Champaign County, which de
stroy cd five or six residences andelgbtor nine bn£
iness bouses. The loss 1# not less than $125,000.
INDIANA.
idnx night the rtl lage of Caasello. ahoot Oilr*
s from Chicago, on the Fort Wayne Road,
ally destroyed by a prairie lire. Not a
pa left standing, and noptopertyjtajL
INSURANCE,
IIIBIWI II
Insurance Go.
Western Department.
Office cor. IVasbiDslon and Green Sis,
The losses of this Company, by Chicago fire from
reliable data, are found not to exceed
§1,500,000,00.
And any just claim will bo promptly met, and
PAID IN PULL
ASSISTS t 32,850,000.00, all composed
of the most approved securities.
Premium income nearly $200,000 per month. They
are therefore prepared to receive applications
for INSURANCE, and pram Indemnity of
the most undoubted character.
Office fop local business, 63 CANAL-ST.
8. 31. MOOUE CO., City AgU.
O. F.BISBELL. Gen'l Agent.
JETMA
Insurance Coiany
Hare opened au office at 51 Canal street,
and will, on and alter to morrow, Oc
tober 13, adjaat aud
Pay all their Fire Losses in this City,
And Insure Vessels, Cargoes and Hulls,
and continue business, as heretofore.
ALL RIGHT.
The .Etna Fire Insurance Compauv. of Hartford,
announce that they will adjust all their Chicago
losses Immediately!
This Is the beet news vet, and will be bailed
with unspeakable joy by thousands of our insured
snfferers by the conflagration.
imimi, iffiiimi! Co.
OP LONDON.
(Established l&S.j
CASH CAPITA!, ACCUMULATIONS,
$8,000,000.00 GOLD.
The losses of this Company in Chicago are un
der SIM.2UO which they aru prepared to pay at
once, wliiiont deducting the sixty days' interest.
Policy holders having claims against the im
perial arc requested to present the same to
JOSEPH B. ST. JOHN, Asst. Manager.
Room 5 Briggs House, formerly Laclede Hotel.
E. W. CROWELL, Resident Manager.
HOME
Insurance Com’y
OF NEW YORK,
Have opened an office at I!>2 West Madlson-st., and
will PAY ALL I/7SSES and proceed with bust*
ness as osnal. Tbo company has solid assets of
two millions of dollars after pavment of Chicago
claims. ARTHUR C. DUCAT,
National Life Insurance Co.,
OF CHICAGO.
The National Life Insurance Company, of Chi
cago, having saved all our securities, blanks, and
papers, have resumed business at the residence of
tho President. No. *2 Calumct-av. Their perma
nent office will be. after Monday, HSlh Inst., at No.
03$ West Lake-st., Webber Block.
BEN.I. LOMBARD.
International Insurance Company,
Now York. Policy holders arc requested to pre
sent their claims for adjustment and settlement,
without delay, to THUS. D. BLAVNEY. Agent,
43 South Canal-st.
Fire Losses Promptly Adjusted
and proofs made. Apply to undersigned. No. 70
South CatuU-st., second story,
PRANK P. FISHER.
Teall Fisher, Insurance Office,
Ail persons having claims against companies
represented by this Arm arc requested to present
them for adjustment as soon as possible, at their
offlce.No.7U South Canal-st.. second slory.
INSURAN
-ETNA ITSURANCE CO., of Hartford.
ATLANTIC MUTUAL INSURANCE CO.. ofNew
York. Certificates for Marino Insurance issued In
the above companies, at tho .Etna office, No. 51
Canal-at.. in the Board of Trade Building
Washington Life Insurance Cc.,
Office, 586 Wabash-av.
11. D. PENFIELD. General Agent.
RAILROADS.
din Alton
RAXLEOAD,
The shortest and most direct line to ST. LOUIS.
Tbo Passenger Depot of this Company has not
been damaged by tbo great fire, and trains arc
leaving and arriving punctually on time afl usual.
Trains leave West Side Union Depot, near Mad-
Ison-st. Bridge, as follows—
Day Express. 9x13 A. M. daily except Sunday.
Joliet Accom’n -1:10 P, M.,
Night Express OiOO P. M.,
Lightning OxOO P. M.. Saturdays.
Pullman Palace Sleeping Cara on all night trains
Pullman Palace Dining Cars on all day trains.
No change of cars to St. Louis.
JAMES CHARLTON,
Gcn’J Passenger and Ticket Agent.
NOTICE to SHIPPERS
The Chicago Alton Railroad is rmw prepared
to receive Freight for all points on it* line to St.
Louis, and all points West and South-west.
OUTFRKIGHT will be received at depot corner
Canal and Van Buren.
IN FREIGHT will, for the present, be delivered
at Hough's Packing House, South Branch, near
Hulsted-st.
JAMES SMITH. Oen'l Freight Agt.
Chicago, Rock Island Pacific R- R
Trains leave and arrive at Twonty-sccoud-st.
station, on Clark. Leave—At 10 a. m„ 4:80 p. ro
am! 10 p.m. Arrive—At 7a. m., 9;45 n. m.,and4;
10 n.tn.
General offices arc located at the corner of Clark
and Twelfth-sts.
FREIGHT.
CHICAGO ALTON
RAILROAD.
FREIGHT NOTICE
Freight will he received at present fbr shipment
at the Engine House of this company at Twelfth
st.
Freight arriving will he delivered at Bough's
Packing House, couth side Halsted-st bridge.
We arc ready to receive and deliver all freight
promptly.
Merchants will please notify mo where they may
be found. A. D. REID.
Local Freight Agent.
$25X00
25.000
05.000
3,000-
10,000
30.000
Great Western Despatch
Fast Freight Line. United States Express Co. pro
prietors. Office. 519 SUte-st. (up-stairs), Oners
pertaining to delivery of freight may also bo left at
U. S. Express office. 59 and 61 West Washington
st- DAN'L ATWOOD, Agt.
L. FOWLER, Asst. Snpt.
MEDICAL.
Woman’s Hospital Medical College.
The regular course of lectures of this College
will be resumed on Wednesday. Ocf. 18, nt .111
West Adams-st, For farther information, students
may cation the Secretary.
T. D. FITCH. M. D„ 296 West Monroe-st.
COAL.
COAL! COAL!
We have patent the fire in onr hard coal pile,
and are busv in clearing away the debris. We are
also nnloading. to-day. a cargo of No. 1 Lacka
wanna Coal.
Our friend* and patrons will find ns. as before
the fire, on onr dock, at the foot of Sebor-et., be
tween Polk and Harrlson-sN., West Side.
NO PANIC PRICES.
BCGUID CHIGUTO.V.
Cntraoo. Oct. 14.1871,
DRT GOODS.
HAMLIN, EALEi GO
Announce that their RETAIL BRANCH will
open In n very few days In the finest store In Chi
cago, ilsß West Madl*on-*t. with a complete
slock o(
DRYGOODS
Soiled to the immediate wants of oar community.
"We need the host assistance of our customers in
order to enable ns to resume business Immediately
—and we trust they will favor ns with prompt re
mittances in cnrrency.poatal orders or Eastern ex
change. Oar WHOLESALE OFFICE will be tem
porarily at 3HS MichlKan-attnue-ind we
have made arrangements through oar Eastern
bayers to promptly dll all orders with which we
may be favored as folly and as satisfactorily as wc
have done heretofore.
720.000
25.000
5,000.000
35.000
TOR SALE.
First Class Joli Dice for Sale.
Any person wishing a first class job oScc which
can bo moved to Chicago in $1 hoars, can learn
where one can be had by applying at the CHICA
GO NEWSPAPER UNION office, at once.
Proofs of Lost and Notices of Protest
for sale by CULVER, PAGE. HOYNE A CO..
U. 13, and IT D a? plaint a-is t.
House and ground lease# expected Monday.
OCEAN TRAVEL,
Guion Line,
Carrvlng U. S. Mall. Sailing from Now York ev
ery Wednesday for Queenstown. Liverpool, Copen
hagen. Christiana, and Gothenburg- Cabin pas
sage: To Queenstown and Liverpool,.s7o, ors6o
cold; To Copenhagen, Christiana, Ac., S9O or SSO
cold, according to accommodations. Steerage pas
saeu: To Queenstown and Liverpool.s3ocurrency:
To Copenhagen, Christiania, Gothenburg, $33. cur
rency. Return passages at reduced rates. Apply
to FRITZ FBANTZEN, Agent. 83 West Klnzie-st.
PIANOS.
REED’S
TEMPLE OF MUSIC,
586 MICHIGAN-AV.
A Complete Stock of
CHICKERING
PIANOS
WIU. ARRIVE El A FEW DATS.
A. BEE»*rSOJj.
BUSINESS GABOS.
Culver, Page, Hoyne Co.,
STATIONERS, PRINTERS. AND BLANK BOOS
MANUFACTURERS,
Kw.ll, 18, and 15 North Desplalncff-st., Chicago.
A Good Lino of Blank Books
and Oencral Siniionery Itc
ceivod Tills Day by
Expreu.'
Some presses running by hand now*; hope to
have five presses runolue this week. Binderies
and printing offices In other cltleshave generously
tendered services, and are now nmniug-oo oar work
under oar supervision.-' Staple goods ore Arriving.
Blank,books expected to-day. Orders Irnm bank-,
publicofficers, railroads, and business houses in
vited. Wo shall bend every energy to meet de
mands. All persons indebted to us will please
remit at once by exchange on sew York, money
orders, or express.
AYRES EOFF
Can be found at present, for the purchase and sale
of real estate, at 541 Wabasb-av. Persons wishing
to buy, sell, or rent, will please call at above place
and receive prompt attention.
ENOS AYRES, J. HENRY EOFF.
Julius Rosenthal, A. M. Pence, and
Adolph Moses, Attorneys.
Room S. Masonic Building, southwest comer
Randolph and HaUt«*d.«t».
Real Estate.
Abell A Hotchkiss can bo found ut (3 Canal-sL,
Room 1. Houses, furnished and unfurnished, for
rent and fur sale, on easy payments. Lots for
sale on lime, for building purposes. .Our patrons
please call and revise price*.
w ABELL A HOTCHKISS.
Laflin Rand Powder Co.
ORANGE GON POWDER,. Fill orders prompt
r. ut 595 Wabaah-av.’
Jolmß. Ball.
Merchant Tailor, will open with a’stock of goods
ou Monday at tKHi Waba?U*av.
Higgins Swell Quis?
have removed theirlaw office to STD Wabash-av.
D. Cole Son,
JSS WEST madison-st.
have a large list of houses to rent. furnUbcd and
unfurnished, and tbo largest list of.
RESIDENCES AND BUSINESS PROPERTY IN
THE WEST DIVISION.
We have some bargains lu buildings on leased
lots.
T. F. Baldwin, Real Estate Agent.
All letters aud all business. Address him at bis
residence, 553 Washington*!-, one block west of
the Park.
Show-Cases?
Daniel Barclay announces to bis friends that ho
is now ready to fill orders from the rear of ISCanal
street, and is already rebuilding 141 State street.
Alston, Devoe Co.,
PAINTS, OILS, WINDOW* CLASS* Ac.
Wc beg to announce to oor friends and customers
that wo have secured the premises Nos. 57. SI), and
til North Desplainca street, and will aoou lx* in a
position to resume business, having made ar
rangement? for a full assortment of
PAINTS, OILS, COLORS, WINDOW GLASS, Ac,
We arc already prepared to give prompt attention
to and fill directly from the factory all orders tor
Ottawa glass. At present, and until further notice,
oar effleu will be at No. 509 West Adams street.
ALSTON, DEVOE A CO.
Enos Brown Co.,
Ofllcc 58 Canal-st. All parties are earnestly re*
(pleated to remittbeir indebtedness at once.
John N. Wilkins
baa temporarily removed to 167 MUwanksc*av.,
where he has a fnil lino of Singer sowing machines.
We Still Live.
Gray A Barrow, hair dealers), wholesale and re*
tall. Hair work of all kinds to order.
Frank Stargef Sc Co.
at their factory, 240 to 843 South Pcoria-st.. corner of
Harrison, wbicli is Intact and running full force. Our
customers will please send their orders, which will
bo filled quite promptly for manufactured goods
and tinucra’ stock.
The Western News Company.
Our Periodical* business Is now in running order
same as before. Our customers will please remit
balances duo to ocr present place of business—
either by draft on Now York, currency (by ex-
Sresa), or P. O. orders—corner of Randolph and
oifemm-sts.
Garden City Agricultural Works,
Furst A Bradley, Proprietors. OQlcc and factory
50 to 70 North Jefhtrson-at.. Chicago. To our pat
rons and friends: Having escape a the great con
flagration. wo bercry inform you that wc
are prepared to fill ail orders as heretofore, and our
business wIU go on as usual. FURST A BRAD
LEV.
Wrenn, Ullmann Co., Bankers,
have removed to 674 Wabaah-av.'
Northwestern Show Case
MANUFACTORY
Is now open at 231 Wcct Lake-nt., near Peoria.
Wells Faulkner,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
Will report In a few days oo Lake Shore, between
Peck and Harmon conrt.
George D. Cook,
COMMISSION MERCHANT, burned ont at 1 86
Sooth Watcr-st. Re-established at 750 Stalest,
(near the Post Ofllcc.) Consignments of country
produce, etc., solicited.
Richards Groch,
BUTTER HOUSE, will bo continued at the Chi
cago Fruit House. 697 Statc-st.
M. J. Gunne,
Attorney and Notary Public, No. U2 West Ran*
Jolph-st. Proof? of losses made onr.
Waite Clarke.
Office 33 and 51 Congress Hall, Congress-et.. next
Mlclilgaa-ar. Hotel.
LymaTi T. Jackson,
LAW OFFICE AI3D NOTARY I'L’DUO,
Rootu 3. TO West Madlaoo-st.
D.P. Wilder,
LAW OFFICE (for the present), corner Thlrd-av.
and Tsylor-*!., near State.
William Brackett,
LAW OFFICE (for the present), comer Thlrd-av,
and Toylor-sU. near State.
Goudy Chandler,
LAW OFFICE,
SOI W«ba*h-av.
J. S. Grinnell,
ATTORNEY AT LAW,
Will attend to the interests of his Clients, until
farther notice, at
1174 PRAIRIB-AV.
George S. Thurber,
DRAMATIC AGENT,
Baa arrived from New York, and will open as
soon asposslblc. His friends can And him comer
STATE AND TWENTY-SECOND-STS.
Lord, Smith Co.,
OFFICE 674 MICHIGAN-AV.,
Will All orders from oar new building, in Dearborn
Park, in aboat two weeks.
Dr. Edward,,
Office comer
STATE AND TAYLOR-STS.
Dr. R. L. Reas.
Office changed to bis residence,
1114 PRAIRIE-AV.
W* H. Francis,
HEAL ESTATE AGENT, temporary office, 23®
West Randolph-st. San Diego Land Agency.
Rand, McNally Co.,
RAILROAD AND COMMERCIAL PRINTERS
AND ENGRAVERS.
All right and in fall operation at their three dif
ferent offices, 10S West Raudolph-Sf., 83 Canal-aL.
and comer Randol h and Jcfferson-sts. Principal
office Kfcjßandolph-et. Are now .running nine
presses and will nse every effort to accommodate
their patrons.
J. C. Barllett, Pawn Broker.
Office. No. 21 Uniop-st.
W. B. Langley, Auctioneer.
Having leased the large warehouse. No. 32 West
Lake, near the corner ofCanal-st.. will be ready on
Monday. IGtb, to resnmc the general auction and
commission business. Liberal advances on con
signments.
William L. Hirst, Jr.,
formerly of 160 Washington-*L. Attorney at Law,
is now in Room 1, in Bruner Block, Noe. 11,13,15,
and 17 South Canal-et.
A* W. Freeman,
Duntlet, 675 Wabash-av.. corner of Fourteenth-«t.
Thankfully saved from the fire, we are prepared to
attend to all the dental wants of oar-mends and
the public.
Goodspeed’j
Empire Book, Map. and Chromo House restored
and In running order. Agents wanted for the best
subscription books, maps, and pictures In America,
and Goodspeed’s Golden Pens.’* T. W. GOOD
SPEED, Publisher, 392 West Madlson-sL. Chicago.
Baird Bradley,
Loan and Real Estate Agents. 63 Sontb Canal-sL
Books, paper?, etc., noharmed.
J. M. Hayes,
of Hayes, Gibbons Co., Is not among the lost as
reported, bat Is in New York baying an entire new
stock of millinery and straw goods. They coc
tlnne the wholesale Millinery at 434 State-sL
Runyan, Avery, Loomis Comstock,
Attorneys at Law, Ho. 141 West Washiogton-st.*
corner union.
Eldridge i Tourtellotte
have located their law office for the present at 118
West Madlson-st. and also at the A venae House,
comer of Wsbash-av. and Twcnty-second-st.
P. Goddes, Geddes&Reld,
97 Son th Cllotoa-st.
Keep the Ball Bolling!
We hare just received a new stock of the cele
brated
WILSON SEWING MACHINES
and arc prepared to fill all orders promptly.
LORD, 110YT WILLIAMS. General Agcnl
Now store. 378 West
Bancrdc LocbnU
ARCHITECTS
at Hccocy Campbell’s planiifl
and Twelfth's!#. They will ol
weeks on Randolph-fIL, adjoin!®
an*# Fidelity-Safe Depositor
House. t .T'f
Hammer A SI
Attorneys, saved most of the*
and may be found at 379
balloon Is finished, nc
ness,
F. J.
SQUARE BRAN
85 and 87
Orders from city an

Is Still alive at Mortal
rOST AND FOUND.
T oST-Si)REIVARD—A BUCK TRUNK CON-
Jj taming theatrical wardrobe, of no nso bat to
theovrncr. Whoever will return the fame to J. F.
WIIEELOCK.T*) Wabash-av. will receive the above
reward.
LUST— UN iiONDAI NUiUT A THUNK WAS
lo.;tafe\r blocks sooth of North-nv. bridge,
containing two acconnt books of theXorlbwest
Paper Co. AD3 one having knowledge inspecting
them Is rcqncitcd to eommnnlcate -it to the com*
K. 57 West Lake-et. A suitable rowan! will
_ tld, and no questions asked.
-'ST—ON A f'rv'"-’-- L
Lost— on a cottage orove-av. car,
coming north, about 3 o'clock p. m. Thursday,
a dark dgmcd brocade shawl. The Under will be
paid slUif he will bring It to HORACE WHITE,
Tribune office. 15 Cannl-st. _
left WABASHaV., ONE sOLß
leather trunk. marked fi. U. T. A., CUlcagv..”
Carried off about Sa. m. Monday. The flndi-r will
be handsome!** rewarded ou leaving at Ml Stale
st. ARMSTRONG A CO.
OUR DELIVERY-WAGON WAS
1j last wen going south full of goods. hauled
by hand power, on Mlchlgan-av, Our name lu full
Is on the wagon. Finder will be well rewarded on
reporting to ARMSTRONG.3»I State-s-t.
i OST—TAKEN PROBABLY BY MISTAKE
li from the office of the Metropolitan Hotel, on
Monday afternoon, October 9, a black leather
valise; the contents were of no value except to the
owner. Please retnm it to lh.» Metropolitan Hotel
office.and a liberal rewardwillbcpaid. GEO.S.
HAND.
Lost-takeN from the garden city
House. Just before It was burnt, a largo Sara
toga trunk, covered with canvas, upon the ends of
which was printed the owner’s name. The trunk
was tilled with boot?, mostly medical.‘many of
which bad the owner's name written ou them. A
liberal reward will be given for information of
said trunk or books. Ac.. left at the Barnes House.
3. u. FREEMAN, Owner.
T OST—ON NORTH SIDE, A SMALL BLACK
1j and terrier during the fire. A liberal reward Is
offered to retnm the same toTSSMlchlgan-av.
Lost-black trunk, tied with rope.
filled with new nnderclothlr-. never washed:
yellow trunk, summer and win; dresses, huff,
vellovr. blue stripe-winter dress. ~*d merino: one
marked "Mrs. Hanes:” child's velvet jacket.
Leave information at 356 West Randnlph-st. Lost
on Dearborn between Ohio and Snperlor.
Tost— fso reward—during the fire,
j on the North Side. Sunday night, a trunk
filled with clothing and marked R. M, Fair. The
above reward will be paid for Its ictura to 1023
Wabash-av.
Lost— Monday night, from ici fourth.
ar., a brown mare, fi years old. A liberal re
ward will be paid on returning to above nomber.
Lost —ten account books, Russia
bound, with tny name on back. Also, desk
packed full of abstract?, letters and papers valua
ble to no one bat myself, were left on lake Park at
time of fire, and were probably taken by mistake
with other goods. Liberal reward paid for their
return to my real estate office. 141 Waabing
ton-st., corocrof Union. N. F. MERRILL.
Lost— op the morning of the pth,
from the fiont of *205, 200 or 207 Michlgan-av..
a large pier glass or mirror, which, if returned to
J. W. FARLIN, 5C5 Michlgau-av.. a liberal reward
will be paid.
Lost-on Monday night last, 2 bay
horses. weigh about J1 cwt each, finder will be
rewarded by bringing to 292 First-st., near Paulina.
FROST BRO’S. wood dealers.
Lust-on the nth inst.. near the micbp"'
can Avenue (Intel, a manuscript book.'con
taining the diary of the writer*' l residence in Rome.
Ifthc finder will leave it at Dr. McVlckar**, 635
Wabash avenne. he will be rewarded.
T OST—A COMMON TRUNK LEFT J UST WEST
lj of Cbicngo-ar. bridge with a grocervman. on
Monday afternoon. M. C. SHIELDS, 2a3 Dorn
side-el.
LOST-A TRUNK MARKED JENNIE PUR
scll, Chicago. W’llJ nav #25 reward forretnm
of same. S. B. PUSSELL.663 Fulton-st.
T OST—#SO REWARD-TWO TRUNKS' CON
|j tents, marked “N. E. Sheldon.** and “F. B.
Sheldon.” Trunks marked **F. B. S.” Informa
tion left with WALDRON, NIBLOCK A CO.. 8
Klngshury-st.
T OST—THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, ON THE
P.Mcian’s pocket ca>e, marked
P 1 he finder will please leave it
at 871 Michigan-av.
Found— a stray gray horse, wnicii
the owner can have by proving property and
paying charges, at J.U. KLINE'S, corner of Adams
and Clinton-sts.
FOUND-TWO SADDLED HORSES—ON
Lnke-sr.. the night of the fire. The owner can
have them by paying cost, at Bourton’a fnrnitnn*
store. S2C Bloc Island-avc,
Found— on the lake shore, foot of
Ene-?t.. a trunk containing Indies* and chil
dren s underclothes, which the owner can have bv
addressing X. Tribune ofllcc, and giving dl*crin
tiona. 4
“POUND PARTIES Wllo LEFT SOME
V goods from European Hotel In front of Tribune
building, when burning; also, parlies who leffa
valise in Dearborn School vnrd, can have goods by
calling at 76 South Oreen-st., nnd paying Dir this
advertisement.
iyrOTICE-52.' REWARD-TWO TRUNKS;
iv plainly marked “S. W. Swvcr, Chicago;’*
taken by a friend to save, or stolen from lake
shore. Also, one chest, 3 feet long, 1 foots or 1U
inches square; eight camera tubes. Any party
returning any of the above will receive the above
reward. Leave same at Tribune ofllcc.
PICKED UP—A BROWN HORSE. AT THE
fire on Mlchigau-av. The owner can have
him by paying expenses at No. 74 Cooifdge st.
REWAKD-THE EXPRESSMAN WHO RfT.
celved upon his wagona Saratov Trunk, mark
ed F. 11. L.. upon the comer of LaSalle at. and
Randolph, just as the fire reached that block will
be liberally rewarded by sending the same to P H
Lod9. owner. No. 1033 Wabasb-av.
REWAKD-A LIBERAL REWARD WILCBE
paid for the recovery of onr books, loft for
safety In cenler of DaSatte street tnnnel on nhrhi
ofßth instant. W.P. REND A Co, office comer
Ann and Carroll streets.
REWARD-ANY PERSON RETURNING TO
F. 11. Long, the black trunk loft In Laaallc
street tunnel the night of tho fire, also three
framed plctcres of P, C„ left with it, will b« liber
ally rewarded. No. K-15 Wabasb-ave
STRAYED OR STOLEN-BLACK MARE FlF
tecn hands and three Inches high, star In fore
bead, small white strip nn nose and a little white
on one hind heel. Said mare was taken from sta
ble of D. Halnon. 299 Second street, Monday morn
ing last. Any one returning said mate, or giving
iofoimatton to the subscriber, will be suitably re
warded. J. M. W. JONES, Lake View, or 63 Sonth
Canal-st.
rjIAKEN FROM THBREAR OF 2*5 ILLINOIS-
X st,. Monday morning. during the Are. aSchpuc
springs wagon. nearly new. body painted green,
wheel!* red, no steps on; subsequently a horse was
let loose into the street; the horse is black, with
Wh oe ver \v i* i k'mm’'.'h.rT,Or-Srar
suitably rewarded. JOHN GAMMEI.L, formerly
35 Ruffi-st. Comnrtfnlcale with Eaglo A Co.. SO
West Lake-st
mwo STRAY COWS.—ONE A VERY DARK
X red. with long born?, the other a white and red.
speckled, with a white Ihjllj, and has short horns.
The owner 1? requested to come forwajd, prove
property, pay charges and take them away.
C. SENECO. 613 N. Asbland-av.
COK HEWARD-FOR THE RETURN OF A
plain Chickcringplano, Boston make, taken
from 23!» North LaSalle-ft., together with foil load
of furniture. Apply to W. U. ESTEY, 181 and IS3
West Washington-Bt.
C>OK REWARD—ONE SMALL TRUNK LEFT
2)40 In LaSallc-st. tunnel, marked D. E- HA.
ZELBOQM. Apply at Briggs Honsc.
(JIAA REWARD—TWO (2) TRUNKS, COV
q>IUU cred with new canvass, and large black
satchel, marked “C. S. Waller’* and "Mrs. C. S.
Waller.” and other articles pnt In a wagon on
north Clark street daring Are. Above reward will
be paid for delivery of same, with contents, to C. S.
WALLER. 870 Wabash avenne.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Agents wanted.-now is the time
to make a new start. Wo shall he able to fill all
orders after the 20th. UNION PUBLISHING CO.,
SBVlncennes-av.
A GOOD SUPPLY OP CROCKERY, GLASS*
ware, and lamp? of nil descriptions. 103 Bloc
isinnd-av. LUDWIG TIIIEBEN.
Horses fed-horses fed and cared
for at onr farm, fourteen miles from the city.
Apply to C. 11. BECKWITH <t SONS, 758 Wa
barn-av.
JOHN AND ANNA PaYNK FINO MAUUIIS
Payne at North Wood-st-, 3d door north of Cly
borae-plnce.
ILLER &RIGDON. REAL ESTATE OFFICE.
200 West Madlson-st. Real estate bought and
gold, rents collected, Ac.
New bdii.uings op all descriptions
erected on short notice. 500 good mechanics
and laborers on hand. Address CONTRACTORS,
Tribune office.
The largest and finest furnished
house In Englewood to exchange for Improved
or unimproved business property: no incumbrance;
cost Sl.OtX). A new neat dwelling near Pnlton-av..
South Side; price $7000; easy terms. A. fine new
residence on weal Mooroe-st-, swell front, famish*
ed, $16,000; long time. Three houses on Warren
av. for sale, and a fine brick residence on West
Washington, famished price SII,OOO. 11. A. LAW
RENCE A CO.. 62 South Canal.
MACHINERY.
Ames’ engines, portables to 40-uorse
power; threshing. 8 amlio-bnrae; circular saw
mills. Foremen's grinding mills, com shelters
belting, etc. COLLINS EATON, Agent, 73 South
Caual-et.
LANDVS* STATIONARY AND PORTABLE
engines and saw mills, etc., at the old stand
comer of Canal and Waahlngton-pts. P. W NOrI
THROP. e.w.xvui*-
OR SALE—wood AND IRON MACHINERY'
wood planerand matcher, anrpasers, stickers’
elding, circular, and gig-faws. shapes; also some
Iron working machinery, planer*. drill#, lathes
Si®V. ctc i pe above machinery U for Kilo at No.
67 WestLake-st., by E, R. GARD, who will cUe
the purchaser the best bargains to be bad In CHca
go. Cull to-day, as the machine# will only remain
there two days.
CITY BEAL ESTATE 1
Foit SALE—BY C. J. CORSE CO„ REAL Es
tate Agents. Room C, Yates Rnildlng, corner of
Canal and Kandolph-sts..—house and lease of lot
corner Halstcd and "West ilonroejts. Sense and
lot, 25x119, No. 239 Porquer-ft.
FUlt SALE-AT COTTAGE GKOVJS, SEVEBAU
fine booses, with monern conveniences and
possession. A, J. SAWYER, SOO Colfax-av.
FOR SALE—BY A. j. A VERELL. AT nts pimSi,
ent office, 000 Wabash-ar.—house and-lot on
Drexel-ar., two blocks south of Oakwood-ar
Lot 50x180; house 30x02 ft, nearly new. Price
s3o,ooo—cash. $2,000; balance on easy terms, or can
be sold famished.
PERSONAL.
INFORMATION WANTED—OP ALICE
rison. once living at 253 Division-st.,
Farrell, by her brother George. Inform
office.
PERSONAL—WILL
X borrowed th«»
street, oaMI
Carrol
I.