2
Term* el gabscrtpdoa,
PAYABLE a ADVASCB i
Dally Edition. per year, by kail.
Tri-wrekly Edition, per year, by MAIL. 8.00
6oaday.£dlCtoa 'per year, by mail.
Weekly Edition, per year, by hail 2.0°
Part* ol a year at the same rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, bo sure and give Post
Office addreea in folk including State and county.
Remittance* may be matte either by draft, expreaa,
Post Office order, or in registered letters, at oar risk.
TEEHS TO cmr SUBSCRIBERS 5
Dally, delivered, Sou clay excepted. 35 cents per week.
Date ddirered. Sunday Included, 80 cents per week.
Xddresa THB TRIBUNE COMPANY.
No. u Canal-st., Chicago, HL
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 187 L
FIRE-PROOF BUILDINGS.
Wo print two communications upon the
relative merits of brick arches and corru-
gated iron ceilings, in making buildings fire-
proof. Tho writers seem to assume that
what is needed to make a building lirc-proof
is, in tho oue case, to have brick arches, and,
in the other, iron ceilings, when, in fact, theso
arc 'but single items iu tho construction of
such a building. Buildings to be lirc-proof
must be so constructed as not only to render
a lire from within impossible, but to resist a
fire from without. Such a building is only
possible when it is composed wholly of non-
combustible materials. When there is noth-
ing to burn, there will bo no lire. So long as
there are wooden doors, and wooden
floors, and wooden stairs, the building
cannot be fire-proof. Wood will burn
when it is reached by fire or intense boat,
and it is useless to claim that a building is
fire-proof when it* is constructed in part of
material that will hum if exposed to lire.
Every so-called fire-proof building m Chi
cago, except one unfinished one, had more or
less "wood in its interior. Had there been no
wood in them, there would have been noth
ing in them to born.
The outer walls of many buildings were
injured or destroyed Dy the heat from the
tiro of other buildings. This was ah unusual
•circumstance, owing to the peculiar charac
ter of that particular conflagration. The
heat generated by the blow-pipe will con
sume stone, or iron, not quite so promptly,
but as certainly, ns it will wood. The gale of
that Sunday night operated upon the fire
utmost with the power of tho blow-pipe. It
played upon the exterior walls, and ignited
tho wooden interior, often, without the
other contact of Uame. Bat had there’ been
nothing inflammable or combustible in tho
interior of tho buildings, they would not
have been materially harmed. So, also, in
cases where the building is constructed of
Prick, stone, or iron, and is stored with
wooden furniture, dry goods, groceries.
drugs, and other combustibles, which, once
on lire, produce a great heat, the fact that it
has corrugated iron ceilings, or brick arches,
becomes of comparative little account, ex
cept as a means of delajung the
progress of the lire until the means
of extinguishing it can he employed,
We have not yet heard of any
building material which, when coupled with
a large amount of woodwork, cau defy or re
sist the action of heat. The comparative
value of materials is in the degree to which
the3'will arrest the progress of a lire until
water, or other means of extinguishing tire,
is applied. It is not possible, therefore, to.
construct a building which will resist a tire
started from within, and which is so provided
with combustible materials as to produce in
tense beat. Powder contained in a metal
flask will explode when the heat becomes
sufticicnt, and a “fire-proof building” will
perish when filled with combustible mater
ials that, when ignited, will produce heat
which brick, iron, or stone will not resist.
Tbe certificate of Mr. Kixon in respect to
the building on the northeast corner of
LaSalle and Monroe streets, requires a quali
fication. That building had not yet re
ceived its wood finishing. There was liter
ally nothing in the building to burn. The
Avt*rior walls were not exposed to the
intense heat which assailed others. To tho
southwest there vraa a largo opao« nnvAivul
with small buildings, which soou perished.
Had that building been completed, with its
interior woodwork of doors, floors, etc., and
also furnished: had it contained anything
whatever that was combustible, it is not
unreasonable to assume it would have
shared the general destruction.
IVc. think, therefore, that tho degree
of “fire-proof” to which buildings not
isolated and having windows in their
exterior walls can be brought, depends
not so. much on tho fact whether
corrugated iron ceilings or brick arches
be used, as in tho exclusion of combus
tible materials for doors, floors, stairs, and
other parts; and so long as those interi
ors arc occupied with wooden frfmiture or
stored with combustible goods, all wo can
hope for is such confinement of the fire and
resistance to it as will enable the Fire Depart
ment to speedily extinguish the flames.
As between iron ceilings and brick arches,
we think the test shows better results for
tbo former than for tho latter. Brick will
expand more or less under the influence of
heat, and a row of brick arches, when heat
ed, will be likely to exert sufficient force to
throw the walls of a building down. Iron
ceilings will expand also but they seem to
possess sufficient elasticity to spring upward
instead of exerting their whole force later
ally, and hence do not push the walls out.
Either stylo of building is sufficient if there
is no combustible material to burn them* but
neither of them cau save a building which
has wooden floors, doors, roof, or partitions.
STATE APPORTIONMENT.
Somebody at Springfield lias invented a
plan of apportioning the State, by drawing
a line from cast to west, and allowing so
many Senatorial Districts north and so
many south of that line. AVc hope this and
all plans of apportionment, and all legisla—
tion which seeks, by imaginary or geographi
cal lines, to separate the people of this State
in opposing or antagonistic sections or divi
sions, will be unanimously rejected. Wo
have had enough of that kind of legislation.
The Representatives of Cook County, if fit to
be Representatives at all, ought to be as safe,
prudent, and as interested legislators for
Alexander and Adams, Coles and Gallatin
Counties, as they are for their own.
They have no right to ask, or vote for, or
seek any legislation for- this county that
they could not as properly support if they
represented cither- of those counties, nor
einmia legislation whirib
they could honestly support if they repre
sentedthoso districts instead of Cook Connty.
The State of Illinois is a distinct political
community. It has no opposing interests,
What benefits Cairo benefits Chicago;
What injures Quincy 'injures Peoria. Xo
portion of the State can be benefited or in
jured without benefiting or injuring the
whole. When the time shall come that the
numerical majority in any sec
tion of the State shall seek
to oppose the minority section,
then there will be that condition of dospot-
ism against which ©very honest man should
raiso bia hand. Wo know that men of small
capacity find themselves appropriately ou
aged in endeavors to array one part of the
tat© against the other, aud to assume that
achpartof the State has interests opposed
o those of other parts. No more vicious
entiment can ho suggested in the Legisla
ture. No act of legislation based upon that
heory ought to ho ever pat on the statute
book. No law not beneficial to each and
every part of the State, —beneficial to tho
common Interests of all.—ought over be
passed*
The people of Illinois have bnt recently
given abundant evidence that they share in
no spirit of sectionalism, and that no geo
graphical line traversing the State cast and
Treat, or north and south, would lessen tho.r
interest in Chicago, nor their activeandsnh
stantjal sympathy in our loss. In that daj
of bereavement and desolation the interests
and hopes of Chicago were as safe in the
hands of the Legislature as if they had all
been elected from this county. Had Chicago
heen unrepresented there, the Legislature
wouldbave not acted less generously, less
nobly. The members felt that the State had
suffered greatly in the loss of one of its prin
cipal parte, and that what one county had.
lost was a calamity extending to tho whole
State. The magnanimity horn exhibited
■will not bo lost sight of by oar people, what
ever may bo the views of politicians.
INSURANCE FRAUDS.
Tho insurance companies of tho Unite!
States are just now uu trial, and tho evidence
furnished by tho great majority of them is
conclusive as to the rottenness and dishon
esty into which their system of doing busi
ness has degenerated. First, os to tho Chicago
companies. Had these institutions boon
chartered for the purpose of plundeiiug and
robbing tho public, they could not have had
a more successful business than they have
actually douo. These companies, ou tho Ist
of January last, had assets to tho following
amounts. "Wo omit tho Republic and tbo
Great Western, which now propose to pay
their creditors in full:
Paid up
Companies. capiuU Ansels.
American $150,000 $159,725
Chicago Fire Id.soa 131,508
Chicago Firemen’s 200,000 373,5H
Commercial 180,000 288,555
Hmiliulfle 100.000 121,401
Harden City iso.ooo isi.iss
Cicliuanlu 200.000 257,821
Heine.. 222.831 271,898
Knickerbocker 191.000 201, ViJ
Lamar 285,558 292.950
LumbcrUiauV 200.000 293,*201
Merchants’ SOo.OuO 878,152
Mutual Security 118,325 U5.583
State A 283,895 3 1 >2,352
Total,
Wo arc fully aware that this amount ol
assets hears but a small proportion to the
aggregate of losses sustained. Nevertheless,
the four millions of dollars is a large sum,
aud, if equitably distributed, would be of
great relief. It would bo four millions of
dollars. To assume that these assets amount
to but 20 per cent of the loss, is to assume
that that loss was $20,000,000. If the aggre
gate loss of these companies was $40,000,000,
which will probably cover the whole sum,
then the assets are equal to 10 per cent.
There are ten thousand families in
this city whoso entire property is
represented in the percentage of
their losses which these companies can pay.
Why should not these companies 'pay to the
last farthing of their means I This percent
age, be it 10 per cent, or more or less, being
aix that the losers have left of tbeir proper
ty, becomes still more important to them
under their destitute circumstances. .Every
day they are kept out of it. is so much tor
ture. With this pittance, small as it is, they
could hny furniture aud tools, erect work
shops, buy small stocks of goods, horses
and wagons, or otherwise commence life
gfresh.
Wo regret to say that delay is not the only
injustice. Tho assets of these companies
were in part loaned out to tho ofiicers, di
rectors, or stockholders of the companies, on
mortgages. The borrowers hold policies of
insurance in the same companies. These
policies they now seek to offset against their
mortgage debt. When one of these borrow
ers does not hold a policy against the com
pany equal to tho debt due from him, he i
purchases one at two, three, live, orten cents
on tho dollar, aud then files it with the
company in satisfaction of tho debt. As
these debtors of tho company are for tho
most part stockholders, if not Directory and
other officers, we submit that such a pro
ceeding is not only a robbery in itself, but
doubly so because really committed by tho
company,
Tho insurance companies in some other
States are guilty of mean and dishonest pro
ceedings, to escape payment to suffering
policy-holders. A large number of thorn,
upon tho first intelligence of tho fire, used
their reserve funds or cash assets to reinsure
in other companies their remaining risks,
and, havingthus expended their means, have
sent out agents here armed with statements
showing insolvency. They offer, in some
cases, a few cents on the dollar; if they can
settle a half million of dollars’ losses by pay
ing out SIOO,OOO, and in that way close up
i their Chicago business, they will in duo time
1 resume business, recall their local insurance,
and go on again until a like occasion calls for
another robbery of their unfortunate custom-
There can bo no such thing as an insur
ance company ahlo to pay ono class of its
debts and not able to pay the others. It
must be either solvent or insolvent. If it he
insolvent, any use of. its money to pay ono
class of creditors, to tbo exclusion of an
other, is fraudulent. In a proceeding in
oaukruptcy, such conduct is pronounced
criminal. It ranks with an attempt to se
crete property. When the Chicago fire took
place, the losses upon risks in this city was
complete. The debts had accrued. From
that time out the companies were
solvent or 'insolvent. The debts of the
company duo to policy-holders who had lost
their property were, if not to he preferred,
at least of an equal character to those for
unearned premiums. The holders of unox
pired policies certainly had no claims for
priority over the holders of policies upon
which losses had actually occurred. Any
other rule would enable any company, at any
time, to protect itself against.any loss, by a
system of issued to its own
officers, the premiums ol which,
if 'refunded, would equal ‘its whole
assets. The most that can bo claimed
for unearned premiums is, that they and
actual losses stand on an equal footing, and
tbat when a company becomes insolvent the
assets must bo divided pro rafd among both
classes of creditors. It is alleged tbat State
laws require the payment of unearned pre
miums in full. So also do State laws require
the payment of losses in full. The United
States Bankrupt law will not allow ono class
of creditors to be preferred over another,
cither in insurance or any other business.
Immediate stops should be taken to stop this
unjust sequestration of assets by au appeal
to that law.
tttr BATTLE OF tttr bolus.
Since the days when the witches of Salem
and Beverly come before the Puritan di
vines for trial, nothing more ridiculous has
been witnessed in Massachusetts than the
medical investigation which is now going on
in Boston. Sixty members of the Massachu
setts Medical Society, middle-aged, respecta
ble and influential physicians, havo been
summoned for trial before the court of that
society for adopting and practising the prin
ciples of Homcropathy, Wo see it stated that
the trial has originated with the younger
mcmheis of the society, the older evidently
foreseeing that any action on the part of the
society would only expose them to the ridi
cule hoxh of the public and the press. Wo
do not write in the interest either of the
M. l).s or the Homieopathists. Wo are in fa
yor neither of the big pill nor the little pill,
although when wo are sick wo send for the
hie one.. Wo are not, moreover, in a position
to decide whether this medical court nas
jurisdiction in the premises,'but wo are rather
surprised that the members of this court are
so short-sighted os not to see that there is a
court above them to which the case will bo
appealed, if it goes adversely to the defend
ants. The common experience, and tho com
mon sense, of tho public will settle this ques
tion, and against that decision no appeal can
be taken; and all the votes of expulsion aud
lists of resolutions that can bo voted wiU
only servo to expose tho folly of tho voters.
Twenty years ago, the medical profession
might have made some show of cause
against Homoeopathy as an irregular, aud, per
haps, unsafe practice; but to-day tho two
systems are interdependent. The old school
uses tho best parts of Homoeopathy, and
rice versa. Homoeopathy has rectified gross
medical abuses iu tbo old school,
f.nd rice versa. It only adds to tho
confusiouof tho case that the Homccopath
uts, at the very outset of tho trial, applied
to tho civil courts, aud an inunction was
erred by the Sheriff of Suffolk County, re
straining the society from expelling any
Homeopathic members, thus furnishing a
rather striking parallel to tho Cheney case
in theology. If guilty at all, the Homccopath
iats ore only gnilty on a point of etiquette,
an abstract nothing of tho most ex jw>«f facto
description. Tho charter of tho society only
provided that it should bo a medical insti
tution, founded on liberal principles, for tho
encouragement and promotion of tho knowl
edge of tho annual economy, aud of tho pro
perties of medicines. 7 Homocopathy.covers
this broad ground quite as effectually as any
other school of practice.
The O'Leary cow seems likely to ho
brought to her milk after all. Mrs. O’Loary
testifies that, when tho fire broke ont in her
bam, she had been abed aud asleep some
time, but that sho has since heard that one
of tho neighbors was having* social time*’
that evening, ami that somo'nf the gay com
pany went into her barn to _ get spmo milk:
for an oysterstow—that is, to steal it by
milking her cows while she was a deep with
her children. It is not unlikely that tho in
vestigation will show that these social milk
thieves, hecomingalarmod at somo noise, and
fearing discovery, threw down their light
and ran away, and thus kindled a conflagra
tion that swept down two hundred millions
ol piopcrty.
Within tho past few mouths a new planet
has appeared in the poetical horizon, and,
with remarkable speed, has shot up to tho
zenith o€ popularity. .The name of this now
literary light just now shining with such
effulgence, is Joaquin Miller —which, His
paniiied, we presume would bo “Walkiu”
Miller. Joaquin belongs to the Bret Harte-
Hay school of intense literature, although
he has not yet assumed their nowtheological.
departure of going to Heaven if you die
gajne. Joaquin is more tropical than they,—
rcmarkably so for an Oregon man. 110 sings
of bamboos, cobras, pampas, hoa-constric
tors, -lightning-eyed seuoritas, upas, stilet
tos, and fandangos. John Hay is
faintly didactic. Bret Harte, since
harnessed to tho Atlantic, is
decrescent. But Joaquin is a liery. untamed
steed, plunging through the realms of litera
ture much after the fashion of Alexander
Smith. That ho has succeeded in making a
sensation admits of no question. He has cap
tured Philadelphia, enthused Now York,
blinded tho better judgment of the modern
Athenians with his dazzling light, and has
even crossed tho water and made his debut.
in tho London Gentlemans Magazine,
Meantime, there is a curious tail to this
soaring comet. A woman, claiming to be
Mrs. Joaquin Miller, has written a letter, ad
dressed to tho general public, which, in many
respects, is a more remarkable effusion than
any of Mr. Miller’s. From this letter it
appears that tho petty anxieties of daily
bread and butter, house rent, clothes for
children, and pocket-money for wife, have
not been allowed to interfere with tho soar-
$3,879,559
.$2,808,107
ings of Joaquin’s genius. In other words
Mr. Miller, if wo may believe tho epistle, has
deserted Mrs. Miller and the little Millers,' and
left them to find their own grist. To bo sure,
Joaquin, with a fine touch of sympathy, has
cmloscd her at one tyue $25 and at another
tiao $lO, which was kind of Joaquin. But
Mn Miller does not find fault with Joaquin.
She has recognized his genius, and she feels
that it must not have limitations. If
Joaquin is to fly with Milton’s wings, ho must
not remain .mute' and inglorious from tho
necessities of Oregon butchers, bakers, and
candle-makers. In. this respect, our
Oregon poet has no restrictions. Ho can fly
his Pegasus to tho highest regions of other,
•without the extra luggage of wife, children,
bread and butter, beefsteak, rents, and taxes.
Hois removed from all vulgar necessities,
free as air, and can roll his eye in the flnest
frenzy,stillkeepingit fixed on tho main poeti
cal chance. Other poets have their wings
clipped. Their range is limited. Their
wivee-will wear*gowns. Their children must
bo fed, and children have good appetites.
Butchers will send bills, and tax-gatherers
and scissors-griuders never pass the poet’s
door without calling. Whatever they accom
plish must alternate with the prosaic necessi
ties of life.
Looking at tlio subject in this light, the
question inevitably comes, has Joaquin ac
complished enough to compensate for the
alleged desertion of Mrs. Miller and the little
Millers T Joaquin is considerable of a poet—
there is no denying that; but in these days
the poet must bo a man before ho is any
thing else. If the communication of Mrs.
Miller be true, the Joaquin poetry will have
a good deal of the romance taken out of it,
and will not sell quite so well hereafter as
heretofore.
Firc-Proof Buildings,
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir: Permit mo to say a word in reference to
Engineer’s remarks of this morning, respect
ing the rebuilding of Chicago. Ills ideas are very
good as far ns they go, hut when ho names The
Tribune Building, First National Bank and Court
House, ns being fire-proof in themselves, why not
inform the public in what way they wore con
structed. He advocates for such buildings iron
beams with brick arches, while the buildings
spoken of as model buildings, were constructed
with iron beams with corrugated iron arches.
The Post Ofllco, Historical Society Building,
Academy of Sciences. Illluols Land Department,
were constructed with the iron beams and brick
arches he speaks of. I would call Mr. “Engi
neer’s” attention to the large room- in the Court
house, some 50 by 140 feet, with floors entirely
supported by iron columns. While the beat in
this room was so intense that a llro-proof safe
together with its contents, were entirely destroy
ed, the Hoots remain intact, I notice the Insti
tute of Architects, which met in Boston a few days
ego. reported some llre-proof buildings In Chicago
during the late fire were entirely burned out
while the floors were not disturbed.
We think the people should know in what way
these floors were constructed.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1871.
POETRY VS. PROVISIONS.
To fht Editor 0/ Tht Chicago IWMme
Sir In, your certificate to the American Corru
gated Iron Company of the issue of the 22d, you
consider that iron arches are hotter than brick
arches, andyce understand that the Illinois Land
Company, and some others (where brick arches
was used), have proved worthless.
The Illinois Land Company’s building proving
a wreck was not owing to the failure of the brick
arches, but to the falling of the adjoining build
ings. They, being some 40 or 60 feet higher, fell on
the Land Company’s building, and crushed it
down.
Then, concerning the destruction of the Post
Oftice and Custom House,—the basement was au
open room, with no cross walla between the out
side walls, hut the wholo inside was standing on
iron columns and wrought-lron box girders, with
heavy cross brick walls built on them up to the
roof. It bad also largo brick vaults built on the
floors; when the lire came some of the iron sbutr
ters (which is often the case) wore left open
and the lire caught the newspapers, pamphlets,
and all the combustible materials of the Post
Office, furniture, Ac. it so heated the suspended
girders and columns that they gave way under
the immense weight, and fell down, leaving the
outside walls all standing. This was the cause of I
the destruction of the building, and not the brick I
arches.
As for The Triucee and First National Bank
Buildings, arc they a good sample of corrugated
fire-proofing, when their beams are so warped
down that they will have to be taken out and new
ones put In to render the buildings tenable 1
Then, again, ■will a thin sheetlron arch have the
same strength to support the weight of a heavy
Iron safe and other weights that a brick arch
will, as now all the oxprcfslon of tho public is
that brtek is the only fire-proof material now in
use.
An anonymous writer says tho iron arches of
The TitmuNß and First National Bank remain
intact, and have saved tho walls of those build
ings irom being demolished. This, I
say, is not true, for some of tho walls fell down,
and many of them hud to bo taken down, to
make them safe. His principal object appcartfto
he to advertise his patent corrugated Iron, so as
to 1 aim It oil on the public.
The charge for pntttnp this in a building is 60
cents per square foot, while the brick arch has
no pauut hut is free to all, at a cost of I? to 15
cents per square foot.
A letter from Mr. Nixon, tho owner of tho
building now standing on the northeast corner of
Monroe and. LaSalle street, is hero respectfully
submitted.
CuiCAGO, 00..12.157 L
JUr.J. Jf.O-r Tie*.-
Dkau Sju lam happy to state that the plan of fire
proofing carried out in my building, which has latch*
pasted with Much entire safety through the late terri
ble tire, wan first presented to my notice hy yon, and
that the result of its late trial more tlum satisfies mo
meof the correctness of yonrviewsaud system. Truly
•vr.K.sncos.
Now the public can judge which of tho two sys
tems Is the best. J. B. Couues.
CHICAGO, Nov. 24,1871.
Railroad Fwlgfci*Baie*«
To Vie Editor of The Chieago IHbune:
Sir; One of our customers, living at Lincoln
on tho lino of tho Chicago, Alton St* Louis
Railroad, who has hitherto been extensively en
gaged in shipping grain and buying lumber,
leaves here this morning for Toledo, with the
view of mating arrangements for transferring
his sphere of operations from Chicago to that
city,—tho reason belt g, that he can buy lumber
as chqap there* and can got hla transportation
cheaper. The following statistics will show the
difference in freight between Chicago to Lincoln
and Toledo to Lincoln: Lumber, from Chicago to
Lincoln, distance 156 miles, $7.40 per thousand
feet, or at tho rate of 4 8-4 cents per mile; and
from Toledo to Lincoln, distance 353 miles, $7.40,
or 2 cents per mile. Corn, from Lincoln to Chi
cago,'2o cents per hundred—equal to 1120-100 per
bushel; and from Lincoln to Toledo, more than
double the distance, 28 cents—espial to 15 68-100
per bushel. Again; corn on an average is now
worth 10 cents per bushel more In Toledo than
Chicago, and hence it nets tho shipper at Lincoln
s cents more than if he sent it here. Now,
let us take another route, by way of
contrast: Tho freight by rail on lumber to Peoria,
distance 161 miles, or about the same as the dis
tance to Lincoln, Is only $3.50 tho year round, ex
cept the summer rates, which are cheaper still.
The reason here is, that the railroad has a com
petitor, the canal; but it shows that, when the
railroads arc compelled to reduce their rates or
lose the freight, they will do the former, and yet
tho rates will pay. There arc many other cases
in point which wo could cite, of parties going
East to do business; nnd it seems to us a very
short-sighted policy for our Western roads to
charge such extortionate freights, which s by driv
ing away trad© from Chicago, involve a loss to
themselves. Wo hope tho law passed by the
Legislature at its late session, regulating freight
and passenger tariffs, will bo tested as to its con
stitutionality at an early day, and tho uncertain
ty attending It be thereby removed. G-
Chicago, Kot. 23, 4
ESTATE.'
The Re-establishment of Business in
the “Burnt District”—The
Retail Trade on Wa
bash Avenue.
Money Seeking Investment-Values
Worth of Washington Street—
ifew Merchants—Trans
fers for the Week.
An enumeration was printed in The Tninaxc
yesterday, of all tho brick and stone buildings
that have been erected since tho fire, or are now
in course of construction in the burnt dis
trict” of the South Division. Tho list shows that,of
the 212 buildings, 112 arc on Madison, Monroe,
Clark, and State streets, and Wa
bash avenue, while tho other 100 buildings
are scattered about equally on all the
thirty or forty streets in the district bounded by
Uurrison street, the river, and tho lake ehcre.
The fact that so large u proportion of the first
permanent buildings erected in tbo former busi
ness quarter sbouldbe concentrated on these five
streets is significant of where the future centre
of business is likely to be. These streets having
got so much the start in tho way of permanent
buildings, their intersections will become points
where loot passengers and vehicles will bo con
centrated, and wherever these concentrations
ot the passing throngs become-permanent, trade
follows, and business is established. For the
present, the most thronged street lu the “burnt
district” of the South Division is Washington.
This is owing to tho transit afforded by tho tun
nel, but ns soon as the Adams and Van Ruren
street bridges are rebuilt a large part of the trav
el will go by those streets, and the tendency of
business to move southward will be increased.
Tins nuoAmvAY or Chicago.
Tlie fire has demonstrated that Wubushavenue,
between Washington and Twenty-second streets;
lias a much better chance of becoming a first
class retail street than State, or, In fact, than la
any other street in the city. Three-fourths of all
the bouses in that distance are already occupied
for business purposes. It is true that these
houses, intended for residences, arc ill-adapted
to tho business ot tbo bunkers and retail dealers
who now occupy them, and it is probable
that all tbo banks, at least, will so an
move further north and further west. Bin the
retail dealers have evidently become permanent
there. Already 25 regular ehoplfronts have been
erected at various points on tho avenue between
Hatrisonund Twenty-second streets; at least
two-thirds of these arc permanent structures of
brick; the houses adjacent to these will never
be considered first-class residence locations again;
they will bo occupied temporarily as boarding
houses, but soon transformed into shops. The
arguments agalnstJWabusb avenue becoming for
Chicago what Broadway is for Now, York, and
Washington street is for Boston, are that it is
net central—that it is too distant from the great
mass of population in tho West Division. Thom
arguments, however, ignore tbo fact that Wash
ington street In Boston is located relatively to
the best residence quarters of that city.
Just as Wabash avenue is to the
best residence quarters of Chicago. First
class” retail trade has already become an estab
lished fact on Twenty-second street,and tho prob
ability la that in three or four years the whole of
Wabash avenue north of that will bo given up to
the same class of business. Another class ot re
tail trade—but equally important in a large city
will occupy tho greater portion of State street, on
the South Side, and Madison street in tbe West
Division.
Mention has been mafic from tluio to time that
large amounts of money had been brought hero
with a view to speculative purchases of real
estate in the “burnt district?’ Inquiry on the
subject also leads to tho belief that tho amounts
thus offered for investment are increasing. Much
of it is, of course, only in the shape of authority
given by capitalists of other places
to real estate agents hero to hunt
up something to buy, but a great
deal of ready money has also com© and been
lodged in bank for that purpose. Builders
from other cities bnvo brought money with tho
intention of leasing ground and erecting business
houses; merchants of other cities aro looking for
ground, to cither purchase or lease, and occupy
with branches of their mercantile houses. Tho
accumulation of this class of funds in bank
has become sufficient to attract tho attention of
bankers.
It would seem that, with so much money seek
ing Investment, more transactions would be made
in real estate, but the views of buyers and sellers
aro so different In regard to prices that there Is
not very much being done. The uncoriaiuty about
titles has, of course, an effect to prevent transac
tions, but it is thought that tho
difference in tho views of buyers
and sellers in regard to price is
«uito as much of an obstacle. Nobody seems to
be much alarmed at the possibility of their prop
erty being stolen by some fraudulent claimant;
there are plenty of people ready to buy and ac
cept such evidence of title ns would he shown in
tho usual abstracts, II they could agree upon
prices.
As near as can bo estimated now, the effects of
tho fire on values of business property lathe
South Division have been to doprociatc values ou
Randolph street on Washington, more
on Lake than on Randolph, and more on
South Water than on either. A.u
instance of tho depreciation of values
by the fire is‘shown in the sale, made a few days
ago, of a lot on the southwest corner of Michigan
avenue and River street.- Tho lot has 100 feet
(rout on the avenue, and sixty on River street.
It sold about fourteen months ago for $37,000. and
was sold three flays ago for fht.ooo.
MERCHANTS FROM OTHER CITIES.
Wc boar of at least half a dozen merchants from
St. Louis, Cincinnati, Omaha, and othor cities, lo
cating here. These expect not only to secure
their share of tho trade that Trill come to Chi
cago anyhow, but, to some extent, they bring
their trade with them. Their country acquaint
ance is-already large, and will be the means of
drawing additional trade to_the city.
TRANSFERS FOR TIIE WEBK,
Tie total value of real estate convoyed during
the 3 week was $533,038, of’whlcli $3,100 wan for
propertynorth of Fullortoa avenue, and $78,170
for property smith of Egan avenue. Tmaauows
a volume or business equal to about naif that of
what It-was in September.
Instruments filed lor record on Saturday,
Nov. 25*.
Lot 35, In Block 38. Section 7, 39. 14. being on Perch
st, between Kluzle and Fulton sts, dated Sept. 12; con
sideration, SOOO.
Lot 20, in Block l in B. J. Hamilton’s w 1-2 of nwl-4,
See. 18, «9,14. dated August 21; consideration, ■f l.lw.
Lot S. in Block 12 of Geo. W. Clark’s o 1-2 of sw 1-4.
6ec. 13,39.13, dated July 22; consideration, 81,000.
llarbinc st, ICB ft went of Robey st, wmtli trout,-lx
124 ft, dated Nov. 23; consideration. MM, _
Lot 31 lu Block 2 of CiaUagbcrts s ball ot Block 9,
Section 33,39,14. dated Nov, 20: consideration. S>oo.
Leavitt-st. aw corner of Coulter-st., 3 acres, dated
Juno 20; consideration, $21,000.
Lots 1 to C In Ellis Jt Lallin’s Lots 17 to 38 of n naif
Block 41 In w Half Sec. 17,39,14, dated Juno 1, 1870, con-
Lots 7 and 8 In Ellis «fc Lallin’s Lots 17 to 38 of n
half Block 41 In whall sec, 17, 39, 14, dated Juucl,
ISft); consideration, $12,000.
First at. n c comer of Armour at, a 2. 25x123 It, dated
Oct, 27; consideration, SI,OOO.
eueraiaa st, between Harrison ami Polk sts, of, Ujx
I ICO ft, dated Sept. 4: cwsldenttim. tl2£oa
I Lots 4 and 3. in Block 4, in UlekliUßdalo Addition,
!in e half of he quarter, Section 8,38,14, dated Nov. 22;
consideration, $l,lOO.
Justice to all.
Programme of Service* in the Churches
The Rev. A. W. Snyder will preach In Calvary
Church, corner ot Western and Warren avenues,
this morning. The Rev. E. Sullivan, rector of
Trinity Church, will preach In the evening. Seats
tree.
—Tlio Rev. C. E. Cheney will preach at Christ
Church, corner of Twenty-fourth street and
Michigan avenue, morning and evening. The
morning sermon will he the seventh of a series on
“The History of Naaman." _
s?t Stephens church, Johnson street between
Tavlor and Twelfth streets. Services as usual.
church, Wabash avenue. Tho Rev.
Clinton Loikc will preach morning and evening.
—All Saints church, corner of Carpenter and
Fourth streets. The Rev. NY. J. Johnstone will
preach morning and evening. __ _ _
—St. John’s church. The Rev. H. R. Powers
will preach this afternoon at 3 o'clock, in tho
Union Park Congregational Church.
_jgt Marks Episcopal Church, corner of Cot
tage Grove and Oak avenues. Rev. B, Morgan,
rector. Services, 10.30 a. in. and 7.30 p.m. Sun
daylSehoolap.m.
PRES IIVTERIAX.
Tlic Rev. T. L. Chamberlain will preach this
morning at the church, Hyde I’ark. No evening
service
—The Fourth Presbyterian Society hare rented
Standard Hall, on the corner of Michigan .avenue
and Thirteenth street, where service will bo held
to-day. They will build a now church next
p —rScTowlllbe'mdrhlng sßrrlco to-day at'tno
Ninth Church, on Cottage Grove avenue, Bey.
Mr. Lord, formerly of Calvary Church, will preach,
and it is expected ho "will occupy the pulpit for
the winter. Boats free, and all invited.
—The First Church Society will moot In Christ
Church, corner Twenty fourth struct and Michl
gan avenue. The Rev. A. Mitchell will preach.
The Ktv
union rtVsVytcrian CUurcb, on Mltcholl street,
near TUroop. Strangers invited.
COSOREOXTIOKXn.
TlioKcv. Alvin'BarUott' will preach InP’
month Church, corner \V:ibaah avenue and Eli
ridco court, at 10 o'clock.
—The Rev. E. P. Goodwin will preach at the
First Congregational Church, corner of Ann and
Washington streets, morning and evening.
—The Rev. Dr. Cracmft will preach, morning
and evening, at Oakland Church.
The Bov. J&oob Knapp ■will prcaob. every even
ing in the Fifth Baptist Church, corner of Har
rison and Sangamon streets. This morning no
wl’l preach, In the Second Church, exchanging
pulpits 'with the Rev, J. Kermatt,
—The Rev. J. B. Drow will preach this morning
at the Free Baptist Church, comer of Boomis and
Jackson streets.
TTSITJLUUK.
Tlio Bov. C, W. Wcndte will preach before the
Fourth Unitarian Society,at Murray Chapel, this
morning.
—Tho Rev. Robert Collycr will preach at the
Third Church'Cornerof Lailln and Monroe streets,
at 10:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Mattie Hnlct Parry will lecture In Lyceum
Hall. No. 09 West Randolph street, morning and
evening. _
—The Rev. A. X. Shoemaker will preach, morn
ing and evening, at tho Church of Ood, corner or
Warren avenue and Robey street,
—The Rev. A. H. Bto well will preach in the
Dlversey Street School House, Lake View, this
morning.
—Tho Rev. E. M. Boring will preach, morning
and evening, In tho Grant Place Methodist
Church.
—Tho Rev. C. D. Noble will preach, morning
and evening, at tho New Jerusalem Church, cor
ner of South Park avenue and Thirty-third
street.
De* traction of Records,
Dubuque, lowa, Nov. 23.
Ib the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Bin; The entire destruction of the land and
court records of Cook County, so complete that
nothing whatever was left, is an event incom
prehensibly strange, at least to everyone out
MOSEY you IXVESTMEXT.
RELIGIOUS.
To-Day.
EPISCOPAL.
J. n. Waiter \yiil preach' at the 1J
baptist.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Udo ot Chlcaco. In our little city wo have a
dilapidated Court House-thirty years old and
more-which line several times taken Arc, and
nurrowtt escaped destruction; yet wo Have
always rested calmly secure as to our records.
11m Bccorder’e and Clcrk'S oflloes are each pro
vided with what ore supposed to ho “llre-prout
vaults, In which tho records are tent, or every
n“St deposited. Are wo tho possible victims of
mispluccil confidence! Would the humlngof our
Cumiftf Capitol necessarily leave us ln the same
ti rrilile State ot confusion and perplexity as that
wlikh. In addition to their other calamities, now
a fillets tie people ot Chicago I
Ot course, your Court Uonso was also provided
with vaults. It Is not possible that somagnill
cent a building, so many years in construction,
costingmillions ot dollars, ami designed torso
important a purpose, could bo without thorn.
Hid the vaults fall when put to the terrible test 1
Hid tho walls crumble, or their urohes
How, then, did tho bank-vaults escape! Uovf
did every bank in your city preserve every book
and paper, and their millions of greenbacks 1
It is also strange that tho different pri
vate abstract firms were enabled to save
almost every book, map,. and paper in tho
varJtlcss ofifees, while hot a land or court
record, or a scrap of paper, could be
rescued from the Court House, to servo as a
relic of tho holocaust. Are private Interests, in
momenta of calamity and destruction, so all-ab
sorbing and paramount to those of the imbue!
Or diiu* blind confidence in the security of tho
vaults abandon tho latter to their fate!
1 have not considered tho possibility that your
Clerk and Recorder might have failed to deposit
their records In tho vanlts provided for them. A
neglect of that kind in a public ofllcer would bo
so reckless and criminal us to bo inconceivable,
put, however free from such a charge, it appears
singular thntyour Recorder should whine when
you-suggest that n»»ono should bo required to
fay more for the rc-recordlng ot tho deeds
Umt may luckily have been saved than
the actual cost of tbo work. Surelv
noono should bo allowed to speculate out of tho
misfortune of your people, however much they
would be “gratified at having au opportunity of
doing something, financially, for the man who
defended his country on the battle-field.”
If you can spare tne time and space, please to
explain, for the benefit of those ot a djstaoce,
the loss ot your records. Was their destruction
inevitable, under tho terrible circumstances!
,vTos there anything lacking, either In the con
struction of vaults, or inhuman effort at the
lime, that could have averted it! Or must it be
attributed solely to on mscrnltablo Providence,
and the pctroleuse cow of He Koveu stro ot 1
OniOK.
Aswneb. There were no vaults in tho Record
ers office. The whols building was supposed to
be fire-proof, and, therefore, equal to a vault in
its power of resisting heat. How little it was en
titled to bo called a fire-proof building, may be
inferred from tho fact that “fire-proof” safes in
side the building were destroyed, and their con
tents reduced to asbes.
THE ARTISTS’ CONTBEBUTIOH.
Detailed Statement of the Results of ibc New
York Artists* s?ale of Pointings for tbe Bene
fit of tbo Chicago Relief Fond—§7,ooo
Cleared,
Tho following is a detailed statement yt tho
results of tho New York artists’ sale, ot paintings
and objects of art for the Chicago Belief Fund, re
alizing a total of 57.123, to which a few donations
ot money will ho added, leaving, it is hoped, after
deducting expenses, a clear balance ot, 5t,900.
Tho pictures sold very low, being mostly pur
chased by art dealers; but the generous promoters
of the scheme deserve non© tne less credit for
their kind intentions:
FIUsT DAY'S SALE.
Art Mi. m»r*«.
I). O. For pencil sketch
Miss C. E. Fielda.Watercolor v
Alice Donlevy....Water-color
Caioline Carson..Watercolor
Gilbert BuHiup. .Water-color
Alexander Danu.Watcr-c010r........ 99
Arthur Lumley ..Pen and ink sketch* £SO
A. F. Bellows....Water-color £,.50
W. T, Richards ..Water-color
H. Balling Water-color “.w
W.J. Linton Wood engraving
Fa gin Apples. yjg
T. Teusen Taking It .Easy.
Robertson Tho Mendicant 15.00
Carpenter Portrait of G. W. Seward....
Sliauclmesay Sunset....
Herrick Bruok Trout 6.00
Stalgg Tke Sisters 60-66
A.Caiy timitli- ..Early Morning I
Bnyuor Apples aoo
Billar A Welsh Girl 40.W
Eognanl study from Idle 5-00
w. Thompson Saud-HIU Aristocrat:. 40-00
Tiffany Landscape tJ-JJ
Donaghr Study 10.00
Fuechwl Landscape gl-SJ
Young Lamtscai»e
Tn.-in-h.-ml Landscape
Hlsphaiu Horses H.oo
Geny Jjmißcapo
Mrs. Crane Fruit:... 0.00
Homer Haymakers r“-°6
Moure Landscape L-W
Tail Spring
liuntelle Landscape... jr"
Lay Edwin Booth _ L>.oo
Filch Landscape =OOO
Do Haas Marine SMO
Durand..: Landscape “a-™
Bobbins Landscatio "-JJ
Klooll Landscape 2000
Forbes Landscape 1000
Huntington Immlscapc 100-OO
Loop Landscape *37.50
Louis Long Consolation 130.00
Edith Cook Marine S~SS
Taylor JJuK
Ycwell Marine I0«0
Granherry Flowers GfJJ
1yne...... Landscape J5 °J
Marshall Landscape
J. u. Brown Landscape
T. L. Smith .Winter piece ijj®
Terry Cattle.... “i-JJ
Griswold landscape
Carter. Figure piece W
Holdrldgo Mi. sluuta 15-J0
lnneao.7. A Sketch 60 00
Dickey Landscape. W-JJ
Blcbanls I.omLnope 45.00
Morgan Boposoln Egypt 10.00
Holhcrton -Fish- 2-J®
T. L. smith Landscape !?JJ
Ogilvie Landscape -woo
Kittell Figure piece, 00-OO
Parton JjMidscapo L-J-00
Beers Landscape.- Jj-JJ
Ward Tim Bnttertiy 30-JJ
Mr. Spencer— -Flowers *9JJ
Eaton Mead 's?2-S
James Hart landscape -le-JJ
Geo. Smilic Landscape ™-JJ
crfmS rt .'.V.;X'."Lnndscapr.V.V. “J-JJ
f J. D. SmlUe Laaifecapo 70.00
kS
Van Ellen Landscape so.oo
i Total
SECOND DAY'S SALE.
Art Ms. VTorl'M
Miss Scaife Landscape
McCord Landscape
Martin Landscape
Boimtag XamlHcapo
Brlttan... ..Fruit
Scott Landscape
Petrv Quilting
DeHaas Mariuo...
Irvine last Asleep
Miss waiters. ...Landscape
Wright. £ruU
Silva Marine
Mrs- Culver Landscape—
Heaton Crossing Broadway.
Wyant Landscape
Warren .Figures
Mrs. Bellgman..Figures
Matteson........ .Figures
Figures
McEutee Falling Leaves
Cnrlin Landscape
Whlttrcdgo Landscape
Blauvelt
Oertel Sin Offering
Mrs. Oakes Lake Genova
Wnu Hart Landscape
Reinhardt ...Sludv
B. Herring ..Milking Time
Hays .Terrier
Grey Figures
Bierstadt Tuolumne Liver...
J. O. Brown Figures
Bhattnck ...Ijuidscapo
Pope,... Landscape
on .Landscape
Foroliam 6UU Idle
W. H. Beard Animals
.Blackmon Landscape
Casilcar. Landscape
Guy Figures
Jo tin 50n..........Land5cape.........
M Uler. LandscajK)
Barrow Landscape
Bristol Study
Davidson Marine
Meade Landscape
Britclwr Landscape
Williamson Landscape
GranPctry........ Flowers
Greene Flowers
Wigpcus. Marino
McDenald
Moore Landscape
Clerk Landscape
Bartow Landscape
Miss Bose Landscape
Falconer Figures
Miller ......Marino
Hubbard Study
Geissler...... Fruit
McDonald Figures
H ncebooiu Portrait
Freeborn Landscape
Miss potter Portrait
Miss Potter Portrait

Hess Figure.
Rogers Tliree groups
Shrilwork-—....
_ Clmituos
KillK>urne landscape.—...'.....--
K U| t.f., r l»grwll>ln
Engravings
Total.
First day.
Croud total.
The Bricklayer**
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
giH» Knowing that you are always in favor of
doing. Jostle© to the workingmen of this city,
and as we have been misrepresented by the press
in regard to the exorbitant prices demanded
by the Brlckla ers’ Protective and Benevolent
Association* and ns it is our desire to be
represented in a true light, we decm.lt but
justice to ourselves and the public to moke
know the resolutions taken, two weeks after the
Ure by our society in regard to wages. It was
resolved: That the established wages besl.so
for the remainder of tbo season; and tea deny,
most emvhaticaly, that there has been any strike
mode with the knowledge or consent of oat soci
ety. as has been reported; and we are opposed to
the present high rate of wages, as wo consider
them prejudicial to oar interests, for the reason
that the wages, as compared with those of other
cities will cause an influx of labor, that must
Inevitably bring wages below those received be
fore our late calamity. The rate of wages now paid
Is attributable to the anxiety of owners for the
completion of their buildings; also, to the in
difference and selfishness of contractors, who arc
working on percentage’, and employ hod-carriers
at $2 or S3 per doy, and receive the pay of skilled
workmen. To tm» lost statement we coll the
attention of those who are building, or contem
nlate building. Enwxnn Cocrxkbt,
Jons Moore,
Committee.
CHICAGO, Nov. at, 1871.
Boots, Shoes, Rubbers, Etc.
Rubbers, Arctics, Alaskas, boots, shoes and
slippers, In groat variety and at low prices, at G.
8. Richardson Co*s.,No.M West Randolph street.
They keep constantly In stock a large line of
new and seasonable goods, at prices as far down
as any boose in town. Men’s and boys’ hand
made kip and calf boots are a specialty.
Repairing Fine Watches.
Repairing watches is an art, and people cannot
bo too careful In selecting good workmen. Snob
men can always bo found at J. B. Mayo’s, No. 468
State street, where also is found tho standard,
time for tho city and all the railroads.
games and pasthhbs.
Ihe "White Stockings So Bore-Thanks
and Acknowledgments.
Joseph Dion at New Orleans—
BASS BALL.
THE LAST OF TUB CHICAGO CLUB.
At a recent meeting at tho stockholders of the-
Chicago Base Ball Club, where it was by reso
lution declared that the stock of that club is
canceled and surrendered, and a committee was
appointed to wind up all tho affairs of tho club,
the following resolutions of thanks and acknowl
edgment were unanimously adopted:
Kn-olretl, That the thanks of the stockholders nf tho
Chicago Bnpe Hall Club are eminently dm*, ami are
hereby tendered, to Konunn T. Cassette, t»q., Pre*l--
dent of the club, for the unflagging zeal and faiHifiib
ness with which helms served the Interest* of the
club, even at a sacrilice of Ids personal Interests, and
for tlie rare judgment, energy, and executive ability
which bo bus brought to bear In his management uf
tlm club affairs; to J. M. Timelier, Secretary and
Treasurer of the club, fur his assiduous and efllcleiit
exertions on behalf of the organization; to James
Wood, late Cajdalu and second baseman of the White
Stocking nine, the success of which, during two sea
sons of play, has been, to a great degree,
difectly ottrlcutable to Ids remarkable abilities
as a player, Ida capable mid Judicious
handling of those under his charge, and to his sterling
miailticw ns an honorable gentleman; to tho players
who have served so successfully in tho White Stocking
nine, and with whom we part witli rt*gret. hoping for
all ot them a prosperous future; to tho press of Ulrica
go for It** Invaluable support, without wldch tho club
could never have aueceemd; and, finally, but not least,
to the generous public of Chicago, fur the liberal pat
ronage bestowed upon tho club.
feiolml, Tliat tho dally papers of Chicago be re
quested to publish these resolutions, ami that the bee
rctaiy of this meeting be requested to forward a copy
to each of the persons named herein.
A PROFESSIONAL SPECULATION-
It Is said that certain parties—mainly those
most hostile to the management ot the late Chi
cago Club—still cling to the Idea of getting up a
professional nine for 1872, In Chicago, and that,
provided suitable grounds can be secured, steps
will at once bo taken for the engagement of play
ers. As a private speculation, whereby tho par
ties interested hope to make a few dollars out of
the gate receipts from games with visiting
clubs, wo have nothing to say; hut it
should bo remembered that such a
scheme is purely individual, and In. no
wav represents the honor and credit of base ball
in Chicago. As a city, Chicago has dropped basu
hall lor a time, but there is no law against the
foimationof aone-horso professional nine, for
purposes wholly mercenary. It is not probable
that the public would take much interest in such
a speculation, nor that it would yield any consid
erable profit in a legitimate way,but if the organ
izers of the professed professional nine for 1872
think diflerently. or have other object* in view,
nobody hinders them from proceeding with their
little game. _
LOCAL NOTES —SNYDER CHALLENGED.
Peter Snyder,huvingheen challenged by George
F. Blosfcon to play a match game of l.soo points
for *2OO a side, in Detroit, baa accepted the propo
sition, naming Mr. J. K. Durr, ono of the proprie
tors of the Sherman House Billiard Hail, aa
stakeholder. That is to say, such was Snydor’a
expressed intention, although it does not appear
that ho has carried it into effect as yet.
Dump” Rhlnes baa joined issues with Simon
Forban, at the corner of Hoisted and Washing
ton streets, and will bo found there hereafter.
DION AT NEW ORLEANS.
The first of a series of three games between
Joseph Dion and Henry Miller, each 600 points
up, French caroms, for s2soaaide, Miller receiving
odds of 150 points, took place in New Orleanj ou
the evening of the 20th Inst. Dion was tho victor
by 20 points.
Concerning the second game, which proves to
have been a brilliant ono on Dion’s part, the
Picayune, of the 22d, soys;
The came was late In commencing, there being some I
misunderstanding In regard to ••scrolcluiig;" tills
-wart dually arranged, ami in banking Mr. Miller mob
the lead ami choice of balls lie, however, failed to
score, and Dion started Ida markers with two buttons
up. This lie followed with 16 on Ida second inning,
mid 33 on his fifth inning: bnt, getting warmed up,
making a lew points each time, until the twent\-
first liming, when, with a hrllliaut run of <l. las
store marked 200 to Miller 192. The latter got a mo.
memtary lead In bis next Inning, when Dlou again
infbrtcd lam, and In his twenty-sixth inning made tho
magnificent and unparalleled run in a match game of
105. His score then marking 305; Miller 201. The ex
citement during this splendid break was red hot.
and when it was finished the player was greeted with
prolonged applause. A rather tamo interol occurred
after this, neither player making high double
figures until the fllty-thinl inning, when
Dion went in for a handsomely aoauired 23, which
Miller followed with 16; thenßfor Dion, and tho roll
was: Dion,4W; Miller,2ol. In the fifty-sixth Inning
Miller made a run of 23. his largest thus far, ho play
ing in an exceedingly plucky manner, and proving that
ho was to be depended upon oven tho endeavor to re
suscitate a forlorn bone." Thus it went until tho
seventy-third tuning, when Dion closed his score with
n neatly made 29, ms average lacking only one point
o:“
6UUMAKY.
Dion, 500; Miller, 305 (Including odds). Highest tom
—Dion, 105; Miller, 23. Average—Dion, Miller, 3.
Befereo, B. F. Blanchard.
The third and last game Tray to have hcen
played last evening.
THE TUBE.
GOLDSMITH MAID’S TDIK-l
Tlio New York correspondent of the Boston
Journal Bays:
The committee appointed to make up tho record of
Goldsmith Maid report that her speed was 3:l*. A
rood thing is attributed to Mr. Doblo, who drove the
Maid in her great trot. It was reported that Lucy
was held hack that tho Maid might win. After tho
rate was over, a countryman came to the si able and
Inuulredlor Mr. Doble. On his appearing, he saldtp
the visitor: “I suppose you want to see Gold
smith Mold r* ‘•No," said he, ."I don’t, b Q t 1 want to
aco the horso that was held back while the Maid Used
her record at 2:17."
AQUATIC.
THE TAYLORS BEAT THE RBSFOBTHS.
A London telegram of the T2d Inst, states that
“the rowing match for the championship ot the
Tyne, to-day, was won by the Taylor crow, who
beat the Rentorths by three lengths.”
In anticipating that their former cordial rela
tions toward the people of Chicago would be of
service in securing for them an enthusiastic re
ception on theirretum, even undcroircumetances
so sadly altered, the Wyndham company wore
fully justified, as is evidenced by the fact that the
Michigan Avenue Theatre has been closely
packed since the opening last Thursday night
with the finest and most fashiona
ble of audiences.' The venture proves to bo
a complete success in every respect, and It la to
be earnestly hoped that the original arrangement
for a two weeks* season is susceptible of elonga
tion. Because 44 Progress** should run that
length of time in order to enable everybody to
enjoy it, and then there should bo a few weeks
left in which to bring out the bundle of
other new and excellent things which
the company brought along, not to men
tion 44 Caste,” Ours,” Home,” “School,”
and the rest of the choice bits, of which Chicago
never tired when served up by tbo Wyndham
people—the most satisfactory exponents of
Robertson which Chicago over knew. If they de
served that distinction in tbo old days at the
Dearborn Theatre, they are doubly entitled to it
now, for the company is more powcrfultban over
before. Kone but such capable hands could safe
ly be entrusted with Progress,” a ploy which
will not act itself,” but reunites much from the
actors. It is full of Kobortsoulau dialogue.
Incident, and situation, essentially brilliant,
effective, and dramatic, but not to bo bungled
with impunity. Like nearly all the works of tho
creotest of modern’ comedy-writers, tho ploy con
tains but few characters, but these arc all of the
very strongest and roost skilfully drawn. Per
haps the moat striking and prominent role In the
niece—because tho broadest in its conception and
tho most original and eccentric—is that of Bunny
thome, which. It la sald,was created with especial
reference to Mr. John Parsello, the pres
ent representative thereof In tho wyud
ham company* It is not dlfiloulc
to believe this is true, for a more absolute identi
fication of individual with character it would bo
difilcult to conceive. There is no such person as
Porsche on thektago, but there la a respectable,
fat, red faced, opinionated, irascible old party by
the name of Biimi*///ioruc.whom, at one moment,
you fully expect to see liit somebody with his
ponderous fist, and then you are morally certain
that ho. is going off into a fit of apo
plexy. It is tho highest order of facile expression
that does it all,—so perfect and artistic that one
forgets that itis acting which he sees. Con ousted
with this typo of tho gen us John Bull Is the
character dr Arlhxtr JtoHpcsson, the extreme op
posite—chivalrous,' high-bred, refined and pane-
Ulious-whlch is admirably borne by Mr. Ldgar
Brace. Mr. Holston* os’ Jsr. Mroicn, fs excellent,
and !>liows that a comedian need not always bo
comic. Mr. Barnett, as the Infirm Ilottpeason
were, although figuring but slightly in tho play,
is unexceptionable in make-up and action. Mr.
Wyndham has a part finely adapted to his
Sccullar powers—tfiat of John Feme, tho young
meiican engineer, a frank and fearless advocate
'of “progress” in its best souse, honorable alike
to menu and foe, a capital lover, and a splendid
sort of fellow generally. Here, too, is another
fine contrast with tho.reserved and conservative
aristocrat. Of course, Mr. Giddens, os tbo
scapegrace Bod, Is good. He is not in
ihohabltof being anythlfigolse. Missßfgoold,
tho new loading lady, has made a
most favorable impression in tho role of £ra, fill
ing its requirements very effectively. Besides an
extremely attractive face, figure, and stage pres
ence, she is poisossed of a high order of dra
matic talent, aud Is well worthy to occupy
prominent place In such company.
Mrs. ‘Wilkins is well -and popularly known
Id 1 Chicago, and the pait of J lisa
ITgmie is rendered with all her accustomed vigor
and capability. “Woodcock's Little Game,”
which completes tho programme, is a sparkling
little comedy, In which Messrs. Wyndham, Bruce,
Burnett, and Fleming, and Miss Florence CowelL
Hiss Stanley, and Mrs. Wilkins appear In capital
characters. Tho same bill will be continued for
tbc first port of this week, audit Is to bo hoped
that Progress” will bo retained all through the
week.
.{3,551.00
Prices
9 15.00
30.00
14.00
70.00
6.00
5.00
175.00
42.50
45.00
15 00
5.00
20.00
SO 00
45.00
10.00
6.00
5.00
r 130.00
145.00
11.00
90.00
40.00
20.00
20.00
105.00
140.00
70.00
215.00
.T.. 11.00
5.00
12.50
105.00
16.00
5 00
5.00
15.00
20.00
10.00
6.00
300
12.00
5.00
11.00
800
»LOO
12.00
18.00
18.00
3, S3l-00
It is cheering to learn that Chicago will not lose
tho opportunity of hearing Waohtel, tho greatest
of tenon, before he returns to Europe. When
the fire came and knocked all contemporaneous
events ont of onr heads, here In Chicago, for a
few weeks, Wachtel hod Just entered, in New
York, upon a scries- of ope ratio .performances
which created tho greatest furor over
made by any tenor since Mario,
and fully equalling that caused by NllSson
in Chicago last winter. Tho Stedt Theatre, a
place which “nobody that was anybody over
went to, was crowded to its topmost gallery for
weeks with fashionable people, and Carl Rosa',
who manages Wachtel In this country, reaped
enormous harvests of greenbacks. Shortly after,
at the New York Academy, Wachtel appeared la
Italian opera for one night, in conjunction with
Pare pa, and drew the largest audience and high
est prices ever known in New Y'ork—s9,ooo
in entrance fees and seats, besides
largo sums which went to specula
tors, -The excitement has now spread
to Boston, where tho great tenor has been singing
in concerts, assisted by Paulina Conissa, Ran
dom, the baritone, a new pianist from Germany,
and other solo talent. The company is extending
its tour Westward, and will reach Chicago proba
bly on tho 15th or icth of December. Their ar-
The Turf--Aquatic*
BILLIABDS.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE MICHIGAN AVENUE THEATRE.
WACHTEL COSTTKO.
rival hero nvijl doubllecs create a flutter in Jupon
icudom, as “well as in the higher circles.
THE WEST SIDE OPERA HOUSE.
The season of minstrelsy whichis to hold sway
at the new West Side Opera House' (late Rico
Juefcon's Halil, on West Randolph, nearJeiwr
-BDD street, la to he im ngurated to-iuorruw oven*
ing. Under the personal supervision of air.
Bum Myers, the place has ueen completely
transformed, and la now an neat and
comfortable s temple of fun us could be
desired, with all the necessary adjuncts of stage
room,ne^scenery, etc. Arlington's Minstrels,
headed by the redoubtable William himself, arc
to be the attractions, and it Is safe to promise a
rich fund of entertainment during the winter.
More thatf ever before, Chicago needs something
to laugh at heartily, and there will be no lack of
opportunity at the West Side Opera House, judg
ing from the bill for the current wcßk, which if*
Off follows
r.urrjnnsT.
fir-nriniS. ...BlchVa Little riuilianunnlo. Orchestra."
iTu AVniJiitr Mr Darling for Thee 11. C. Umitwel
Tlii i'lSml .i' Billr Beoven
KiraMe. C?rUßs;>,lTl W» iliinlSim
The Hen Convention r„h,V
Kiss Me to Weep. Jolm tout
Finale—Trip to Fatherland
1 Arlington. K?evcs, Booker «fc Co.
part second.
Trnhlo Ftatno Clog. Mortml anil Manniuj,
Ftmale Suffrage Cady Stanton Arllajrtou
aimket Day Sam Price. Scott and Hamilton
Golden Showers Morton and Maaniug
Shakespeare and Slch. Kcove* and
TJpsrrlntlve 8n11ad.......«k. ILIIDUIOU
C nUnor TocXS. ArUriston. Price. Gibbs and Reores
To conclude vfttli
Scenes at the Sherman House.—-Cooker, Scott Lo.
TUX GLOUB TUEATUK.
“DlTfreo” retains its place upon tlio boards at
the Glebe and its hold upon tho public, tho thea
tre having enjoyed a flno patronage duriug the
past week. It will be given during this wuck. in
cluding tho regular Weducsduy and Saturday
matinees, and also at tue Thuuksgiviug D.ij
matinee.
THE XRW OLYMPIC.
J. n; Wood (not the Colonel) lias leased the Uao
and commodious ball, at the corner of Canal a Utl
Taylor streets, and will open it next luurs
duv evening as a flist nlxi'S variety
theatre. Tho establishment will be known
a th© New Olympic, and Will
be inaugurated by A.M. Hernandez and Uia troupe,
assisted by other first-class t-dent. A, line ot
stages will run from Madison street to tho thea
tre and return dmmg the performance, and an
other from Wubush avenue.
TL’KXEU lIAI.L CONCERT.
The programme forth© concert at tho Tumor
Hall Vorwurts on Weal Twelith street,this aftor-
Quuu, is us follows:
j. Heinwanl March ..Piofko
2. Overture to Turaudot .....Lochuor
4. Waltz—More Joy fatraiisk
A Potpourri©—' Wreath for Bacchus. Menzel
5. Convert Aria Solo for Clarinet Bergson
G. Our kallurlaud .Loser
7. Overture to the Mason and Locksmith AUber
G. Our k'aUurlaud
7 Overture to the Mason and Locksmith
Potpourri from my Album
y. Conlcteuco Uuadmle
A 111011 OLUTiaUJ**
arrears to have been the result, according to the
Macvu. G»orgia, iflri/iiijm, ut tbu tefiMulut Lin
gaidto admit policemen tree to bis entertain
menf* although tlio Mayor had insisted that It
should be done. Tho TeUyrap* says:
Wo were pained and disgusted at the conduct of
many disorderly persons in the galleries of Ralstons
Sahfcalurdav night. tcreams, yebs, and tho m»wt
uuesirthlrsouuds luterrupteo ilio pertonuaiu.es, and
the ladies felt alarmed and nnojs ami several oven
left beloi e they were concluded. The need of a proper
polite force was felt by every ouo for the
uon of otdtr. but it seems nearly nll of
had bcui deluded by the lessees of the knl{. fciuh
scenes are highly discreditable to our city. nnt Ma or
UulFs action in the premise is entitled to the highest
praise. At the conclusion of this performance Mr,
lanyard made a sensational »i>eeeh to iho crowd. stat
ing that the Mayor had onlcn.il hU airwt for refusing
to admit the police, and claiming that he had a n~ht
to oxclmlc thoui, or auy other ojirtie.s at Lia owit ills
cretion. The Mayor, resolved fo vindicate the dlgultj
of the citv, forthwith placed the gentleman in the
custody ot an officer, and held him in durance until
suitable written apologies and retractions h*d been
made. These are published In our present issue. The
conduct of Mr. Llugatd was niggardly and discour
teous in the extreme, and he has won no laurels b} his
visit to our city.
The somewhat doubtful apology, made by Lin
pnrd to the Mayor, was as follows:
1 This li positively, that did■ njtt JJM
the words “dawn police, in refusing to admit your
officers; nor did X Intend, or desire, to impress the
public of Macob, In my remarks on the stage to night,
with the idea that you were indignant at my refusal to
admit youroffleers—because they were offleora. I fur
thermoro confess to the citizens of Macon that r am
wholly and entirely tvspomlble fwany and tiiedlH
turbauco which occurred In the hall to-night, as I did
refuse to admit the police in force to protect the hall
this evening. H. I*im»aud.
Always Sellable.
Box 29, at 11:30 a. m. yesterday, indicated a fire
from defective bot-air furnace pipes, in the
basement of tbo two-story and basement marble-
Iront building, Ko. 653 Wabasli avenue, owned
and occupied as a residence and land office by
Robt.T. Lincoln. who loses about S3OO-covered
by insurance. Tbo lire bad reached the second
floor between the studding when dlsco> ered. The
Fire DepatUm u tresponded promptly, but found
the Inevitable Babcock (from their office near b\)
bad put out tbo lire without damage to carpets
or luxnUurc. Mr- L. believes In the Babcock,
and bus provided himself for tbo future.
The Great Pire.
This is eucb a lying world it is difficult to be
lieve anything until one has a personal demon
stration of its tntth. Every citizen of Chicago,
and every person interested in our city, wants a
eomnfele record of its history and of the great Are.
Dr. Goodspced’s book will be ready as soon as
the material can bo gathered to make the work
complete, which will bo some time in December.
Before buying, I ask all to wait and see this book,
and judge for themselves. A. word to the wise
la sufficient.” J. W. Goodspecd, publisher, No. 51
South Carpenter street.
Soots and Shoes,
W. A. Butters Co. will sell at auction, on
Tuesday morning next, upward of five hundred
cases of boots, shoes, rubbers, and overshoes,
which they have received direct from manufac.
turer These goods aro all most desirable for both
city and retail trade. They will hold their next
regular dry goods and clothing salo on A\ ednea
dar. instead of their usual day. Thursday, Thanks
giving- Tho stock is largo and varied. Among
the assortment are several hundred dozeu of
gloves of every kind.
Hair Dressing.
Tbc Gormans delight In tnrnfc»ta and srengor
fests. Cliicago takes pleasure In Charles 11. Fesr,
hairdresser, late of tho Briggs House. Now ho la
located at No. 283 West Madison street, where all
who want gentlemen's furnishing goods, tol ct
coeds, good cigars and tobacco, will Qua mm tuo
gentlemanly and obliging fellow ho always was,
ready as ever to supply tho wants of his custom
ers. He has the best barbers and hairdressers in
Chicago Inhla employ.
Located Again.
The many friends of tho popular boot and shoe
house'of Nash Burke, late of thecorncrof LakU
and State streets, will be pleased, no doubt, to
learn that they have succeeded in obtaining one
of the most accessible and pleasant stores on.
tho West Side, No. 292 West Madison street, which
thev have stocked with a most complete assort
ment of boots and shoes of tho beat duality.
Elkins.
With many regrets his friends will learn that
Mr. Elkins, long recognized as a leading land*
scape painter, Is about to leave Chicago. His call
to New York, where his numerous commissions
will occupy his time this winter, takes Irom CM
cagoono of her best artists. Ho will complete
hispresent studies, and has time to fill one or two
more commissions and then bids us good bye.
Good luck go with him.
Something Long Heeded.
West Bidets will bo glad to learn that a first
class clilßa, glass, ana crocked ware establish
ment has Just been opened at No. 209 West Maul-
Sn street, by Sowell. WelUng A Co., men who
have been engaged in the wholesale^ trade in that
lino for years, In the largest houses m the city.
California Imperial Parlors.
The California Imperial Parlors were yesterday
opened to tho public, on Wabash avenue, near
Twelfth street. Tho arrangements for the con
venience©! visitors have been made on an exten
sive scale, aud tho establishment was crowded
yesterday In a manner which showed the need
that heretofore existed of Just such airinstitu
ti«n.
Ladies’ Underwear.
Our lady readers will be glad to learn that W.
H. Stlckney, dealer In ladles’ underwear, Is again
in running order, with a good stock of first-class
goods of Ids own make, at 127 Eighteenth street,
near State. Ordered work a specialty as usual.
Chicago Investments.
Thomas B. Bryan declines receiving money sub
ject to call, or doing other business as a banker,
at t-c Fidelity Safe Depository, but ho receives
funds for loon and investment In Chicago real
estate, for which twenty years’ experience qual
ifies Mm. Sco Ms advertisement.
J. B. Pettibone.
The numerous friends of J. E. PettibonowJ
be pleased to learn that he Is located at No. 66
West Madison street, and 181 Twenty-second
street, whore ho will bo pleased to see all his old
customers as woil as new ones. Opened at 7
o'clock on the aitU Inst. Bring on your old pa
per, etc. _
New Store.
J. P. Stone Co., formerly with Allen
Mackey, have opened a store at No. 159 Twenty
second street, where a full assortment of window
furnishing goods can bo found, at the lowest
prices. Reps, plushes, Marseilles quilts, piano
and table covers, and upholstery goods of all
kinds, con be purchased here cheap.
LOST AKD TOXJm
A CUTTER LENT TO MEN TO MOVE TRUNKS
on the morning of tlio 9th, was taken to West Side
from Pine-eU, near Bush: owned by THOMAS RAY
MOND.
LOST— TAKEN PROM MY OFFICE THE
night of the fire to I*ko Park, two statement
(press letter) books. If saved, a liberal reward will
bo paid on return to my office, No. 3 Masonic Building,
corner of Randolph and Halsted-sts., or for informa
tion that will lean to their recovery. M.M.EOAN.
LOST-A LIBERAL REWARD WILL. BE PAID
for the retain of three In**la shawls, four on
paintings, silver ornament for table, gold-headed cane,
bundle of linen, trunk, etc., taken from in front of nnr
hi use or Lake Park, near Adams-fit., October 8. r,
TUTTLE, 337 Mlohigan-ar.
Lost-on the morning of A
bright bay stallion, dfteen and eno-half hamis
high, black legs, mane ami tall; six yea» old
"vrard of #IOO will bo paid for the return of said horse.
D. J. WREN, 43 Fonrtcenth-at.
LOST— NOVEMBER 35, ABOUT 10 A. M., ON
comer Wabash-ar. aah Twenty-flwbst, one seal
skin for clove. Valuable only to owuer. A liberal re
mirt Trill M paid upon return nfßamcto abor.corner,
office of PcopVfi Omnibus A B. Co.
STRAYED OB STOLEN—SI* REWARD—FROM
Court, a black and white setter dog,
answers to the name of Bob the above reward will bo
paid for his recovery, and no questions asked.
Strayed or stolen—a dark bay horse,
left hitched at comer ef.West Randolph and Dos.
Slain cs-fits- Monday morning, Nov. 20. Had on a uni
te and russet bridle, with hitching strap. Was missed
bt tween and 1} o'clock. Any Information, which
will bo liberally rewarded, may bo left with CULVER.
PAGE. HOYNE CO., 11, IX and 15 DesplaUwa-st,
cityrkal estate.
170K PALE-WEST. BIDE CHOIL'E PROPEUTV
i Monnavst-. near Wood, 31 feet; $3,750.
Watrmav., near Hoytw-at., 03 feet; $lO3.
Madlgon-st, ncarlloyne, CO feet 130.
EemiThtepat, near Ilalsted, s*) feet; pared;
Stltclicllat., near Laflln, 34 leet; iUW.
Indiana-*, t, near Ifoyne. lota, IjOC; M ca?l».
near Hoyne, lota, *oCO; i-i i-a-h.
FourOi-et., near Hoyne, lota. ;12 ciwlu
Jllllcr-st., near Tsylor. 25 feet: St.i V*.
Gold-st.,*nt-ar Harrison. 2j feet; el. 10\
C'ss’nal-bt, corner Jloiuoe, cO feet; Pms time.
Jcflcison st,, near Madl-on, V) feel: cUeaji.
Hnlated-st. near Van Itnren, 50 feet, ami onildin?*
HnU-tcd-tt., near Madison, SO feet, and bnll<Un«-.
Warren-av.. bride residence for sale or exclruijja.
POUTii SIDE.
Hilrd-av., near Jncfcaon-st., 00 feet; east fr>nL
ThUtl-HV., usat Van Eurcnat, 23 feet: e,i*t front
Fourth a v.tirai VonLuren-st,2B feet: west fr>ru.
1 near Harriaon-at.. 50 feot; cwO..
Tlili il av; corner. SO feet: SSOO per f-joL
iVirtli-HV.. nearHarrison-af..251--feet; H.m.
Var.£T.r«ri*f..netrChirk.7slect; clieap.
YanJßuren at., near Clarlc. 100 ioet; Offer wan tel.
I’sulW bavins real estate to sdUro aoJidted t»
ns disciiptim, anil tic Mine will be well adverti.-***).
GKO. W. PAUF.NT <fc CU-.fil West ifoU-tnut.
F
7<jjl SJ/Ji—CHEAP TOR CASK. OH KX.
clianpt* fur Jots in Burnt Districts *>r UmMint? an
’nl. 'ti-arMe I»«-nr Imiiaes. .mansard roof. r, pmhh,
luit-k liaru, south front, on Fullertoo-av., near
twist.
A bn. Tfixl.’Kj fuot near Seminnry-av.; on >e;u:nirv.
av„ i ltil< k liou.se. J."> rooms; i frame vrtWr l>nclc btsc»
ment, H r«*ma s framehouses 10 n>mua each.
AIM', I 2-j»|ury frame with brick buseajent on Mo a.
tana-st. All Hu? above have bams.
Abo,R (Jntl.ic cottages. south front on ClyV .time
plane. betv. tf a Elk (;rove-av.. and Giranl-sr., with
lots 2T» 1-2*llß feet
All the above are new and Just cmrpl**tecL
Also, l 3-story brick store «n rrtat.-.ft., Jl.dviden*.
Abo. ICO arms with house; barn, etc,. adjoining tho
cltv* fliockf. r«l.:ill., Miit *ble for snlnlivision. Will
sell nil or in ii.rls on a.-y terms of 10 year payments
Apply t* JOHN I'- MALLEUS, HuiMer and C*m
li«cl->r.r-T« N«rth Clark-wt.or22seruhtsry-av.
]?0i: SALK-ITIhAP MAISX 1-X2l. 2STOI«K-».
1 Can be convert* tl Into !;on-e nr office, Ground
wintnl fur itnpr.iw’itiet't. Miulre. Mm:«L»y, fr.»n. 3 t-*
10, at .77 V e.*t u n-s'
*l^oit SAI.f-.MfNTiMA PAYMENTS;
J tin**' ;op, r eenl —;j f.-u- hcti>cs and lots, from }.'>n
tojSOCO. Nt obi prb't-a feats wlb V* big mr n--*xt
.‘•iiriiic tba:. ever before in f.irhUi *ry «f clu«u*.
lir.>e tv.oot tbeabne vaca’ ti wv. and can glvepov
B*-s*Io:. i»f ail on Ist of M.‘,v next.- Secure a le*:nee »v
vbi* v« u haven chain© an c.is. as t>» pay rent.
u«.iilil'taUe limn* and tosgsry. or a vacant tot injur*
rav. Abo, vacant I t’, near bom? cars and *f»»d
neighborly* ds, from £t-M) to .m yeawtim
moi.Udy pat ments, with fci for first payment. fVE
H, HESS, 43 South Desplalncs-at, nnrl S3 V» arivn-av.
I'OB KALE—GOOD AND CHEAP LOTS ;»X TUB
South Side, on Arnold, Butterfield, IbnMut, «lar.
Ibaldi. Twenty-tilth. Twenty-sixth, Twcnty-aoventli-
Twenty-clgtb, Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth. an*l Thirty
ttrst-sts.; also, on Wentworth, Wallare.and Shurtletr
avs. Five years, at« per cent. No ailoncw In price,
though such lota roust double in value. Tho Increased
demand for building lots. near where so many tens of
millions tunst be paid for labor, will advance tho price
of such lots. Tl.o out prices, and very oasy terms.
ALLEItT CRANE. 572 Wahaab-av.
Faust
.Keler Belu
FOR SALE—NO. U9 EIGHTEENTHS!*.,
between Wabnsh-av. anil Stalest. desirable
two «to»y and English basement, 11 rooms, turnac-.
pns fixture?*, and modern Improv* meats. price, 59.00>.
No advance since tlie fire. Terms easy.
ITi OH PALE-CHEAT—'THE VINK TWO-STORY
and basement- frame honse, 10 rooms, with nil
modem improvements, pas fixtures and first-class
bam 25x40. t\v<vstory, with lot 23x130. N«. 743 Michl
can-av., between Twenty-first and Twenty-second-ats.,
east front, at SlT.Cno; $9,000, .1 years at 10 per cent, bal
ance to suit purchaser. wi. HAN SB HO U fill.
871 Wabash-av.
For pate—very cheap—two st'»ry
boose mid 50 feet front on I.eavltt-sr.. near Jack
son, water, pas, etc- Price $5,200; S!,(M) down, balance
j,«, 3 and 4 years. POTWIN «t CORBY, Real Estate
Agents, 215 East Madlsou-st.
For sale—s3o,ooo cash, ip taken within
the next few da vs, will buy lot 9 and south 12 Lot
10, Block 98 School Section, subject to the taxes of 1871.
Said bd fronts south on Van Bitreit street 100 foot, and
75 feet cast ou Sherman street and Is suitable for 5
stores, basements, and hotel above, and the man who
burs it will make a small fortune out of it- Como, I
wish to test you lu order to see if you have got anv
money. None but first parties need apply, for I
will pay no commissions at that price. E. 11. CUM*
MINOS, 603 Fulton-at.
For sale—or exchange fornorthsiue
lots, 5oxUO feet, and 10 room house, on Hubbard
at., near Green. JNO. O. NICHOLS »N. Real Estate
and HohseApent.SOEast Harrison-st.
For sale—two stone front houses.
full depth lot. on Wabash-av. for $41,000; rent for
fS,COO. J. W. WACGIiQP, -101 Wabash av
For sale—burnt district. 25 feet on
Monroo, near Post Office—cheap. Ram oppor
tunity; 10 equal annual payments. Brick anil other
material* all cleaned and lu goud order for a three
story Brick Building. MILLER RIDDON, 2h)
West Madisou-st.
For pale—at a great sacrifice —a
fonr-atory marble front house and lot. Only £9.00)
if taken at oi.ee. Mouse is first class in every respect.
J. S SCOVEL, 537\Vaba*h-av.
FOR SALE—BURNT DISTRICT—a good Busi
ness lot on Canal-at.. oirbmg time, without any
money down. Inquire at SCO Stato-st, from 10 tot. of
tbeowncr, O. J. STOUOII.
For sale—cotta g e and lot #i.«oo, cot
tageandW $2,000, cottage and lot £2,800 ill) (30) (2'.
CLAFLIN BROS.. 201 MmBsOP ftt.
FOR SALE—ON WA BASH*AV.. HOUSE OF TEN
rooms completely furnlaht*d: also good barn. SIS,iXV)
(151. CLAFLIN BROS.. 201 Madbon-st.
For sale-ata bargain. 23x125 on indi
ana-av., between Thirty-fourth-st. and Douglas
place. Must be sold this week. W. H- BEAN, with
Ilnmlln. Male <fc Co.. 31 and 33 South Canal st.
TO RENT-HOUSES.
TO BENT—COUNTRY RESIDENCE—A PINE,
entirely new finished. 2-atory frame building,
containing 13 rooms, «tc.. in Wlnetka, about II miles
from Chicago; 3 blocks from depot, on the Mil wan.
kew Railroad. Cheap to good tenant. Inquire of
KNAUER «fc BRO., cor. Clark and Huron-sts,
Chicago. __
TO RENT—A FAMILY GOING SOUTH WILL,
ront their house of 11 rooms, famished. to a good
tenant till May I, at a reasonable figure. Inquire at
746 Wabaah-av.
TO BENT—CHEAP—HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS,
with cellar. In tho beautiful Tillage of Thatcher. -t
mile* from city limits. Address GEORGE FULLER,
ISB Rebecca-at.
TO RENT— FURNISH* I> HOUSE OP 10 ROOMS
till May iwx.to a party. Apply to
723 West Lake BL, drug store.
TO RENT-FINE RESIDENCE NO. 123 PARK
av. Inquire there.
TO RENT—TWO SIX ROOM COTTAGES ON
West Clavboni-placc. Apply to J. B. MALLEUS,
97R North Clork-st., 0r22 Semlnaiy-av.
TO RENT—IN EVANSTON—A GOOD NEW
house of 10 rooms, well located, at S3-* per month.
C. K. BROWNE. Boom 13. No. 34 Canal-st-
TO RENT-STORES. OFFICES, *O.
TO RENT-STEAM POWER—A 2-STORY BRICK
building. In suburbs of South Division. Inquire
of T. B. GRANT, 10 anti 12 North Canal-et,
TO RENT—LARGE TWO-KTORY BUSINESS
house No.-122 West Twelfth-st. Apply at drug
store corner Twelfth ami Canal-ata.
TO RENT—AT 46 AND 13 WEST LAKE-ST.,
front part of second iloor for otlices or bualncsa:
centre of business. Apply on premises.
TO RENT—SECOND AND THIRD FLOORS
and basement, 46 South Dosplalnes-sL, for basilicas
purposes, or editorial- A. KIDDER.
TO HINT-2 LARGE OFFICES IN GOOD LOCA
thm. Apply to SWAN, CLARK it PLATT. 34
South CanaLtd., Boom I.
TO RENT-OFFICE ON NORTHEAST CORNER
Canal and Washington-sts., up stairs. Apply at
Room No. I. same buihuug.
TO RENT—ROOMS-
TO RENT—FURNISHED ROOMS FOR GEN
tlcmt-n, without board. Apply at 236 South Oreen
at. References exchanged.
TO RENS:—TWO WELL FURNISHED FRONT
room* for a gentleman, one block from Mllwaukee
av #12.00 a month. Inquire In Johnson's furniture
titore. 200 Mllwaukeo-av. cornier Eriu-st.
TO RENT—SUITES OF ROOMS, WITH OR
without board, in a private family: would like a
party of four. Stabling i! required. 652 Runiaide-at.
TO BENT—FURNISHED ROOMS IN PRl
vato residence. No. 115 Twenty-lirat-st.. between
Wabaah-av. and Slatc-st.; parlors for business pur.
poses.
TO RENT—TO LODGERS—WE ARE NOW OF
ferlng the nicely furnished, pleasant, and comfort
able rooms of our line, large, nearly new brick resi
dence for lodgings: superior inducements to clubs of
two to four gentlemen; several very large, elcgantly
fmnlebstlrarlora;no extras for gas, fuel, bath, etc.;
hot and cold water; mom* kept in perfect order. 213
Calomet-av.. throe and a half blocks south of Twenty
second-st.. ball a block from Cottage Grove cars.
Terms very low; reference required.
TO BENT—ONE SUITE OP FURNISHED
front rooms, and one unfurnished room, without
board, at CIS West Madlson-nt; references required.
TO RENT-ONE LARGE FRONT PARLOR TO
one or two gentlemen. 450 Buxnside-st., comer
Twenty-ninth st.
TO BENT-ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN AT
reasonable prices. Comfortable and convenient
to business—on west Side. 113 South Peoria at, be
tween Mrmoo and Adams.
TO BENT—EAST FRONT CHAMBER WITH
alcove and three windows; also good sized chant
btr adjoining same. Gas. closets, etc- Location Just
nno mho duo West ol.obi Court Itowo ExwUeut
board close at hand. Inquire of MCCLURE, l-i West
Washington-st. __
TO RENT—ONE FRONT ROOM FOR A SLEEP
hig room, furnished. 54 Sonth Grvon-st.
TO RENT-TILL MAY 1. FOUR BOOMS FUR
ubihed. and one unfurnished, suitable for kitchen.
Addn .H*. HOUSE. Morgaimt.. near Jackson.
WANTED TO BENT.
WANTED —TO RENT TWO OR THREE
room for housekeeping, on West Side. Three In
family. Address JH, Tribune office.
T»TANTED—TO RENT—BY A FAMILY OP 2, A
tt furnished house of 6or 8 rooms, east of State and
north of Thlrtleth-sts.; would pay rent to Ist May la
advance. Address HT, Trihane »fflce.
TIT ANTED—TO KENT—I WANT A HOUSE QR
Vi cottage. or part of a house, famished ornot, orwli
ln» good locality near to West Side
fi»X Call or address ROGERS, 103
South Canal-st., fourth floor.
WANTED— TO BENT—ONE PARLOR AND
hed room, or one nice large front room, furnished,
within JO minutes* walk from tlio Sherman House.
Address P, Sherman House, stating location.
TKTANTED—'TO RENT—A HOUSEtVITH BRICK
W basement, located uear
Cbicago-av. and Elnzie-st. Apply at <w and 57MUwan
kce-av.
TXT AN TED —TO RENT—A COMFORTABLE
house not to exceed sns a month, convenient to
street or steam cars, ou which I would advance fill or
part payment till May L Address, or call on d, 575
State-at., near Twelfth.
XTTANTED—TO KENT—ON THE IST OF DECEM
if her, two single furnished rooms, with or without
hoard aa preferretl, in some quiet locality, south of
Twelfth-st- on State, or east of State and- north of
Twcnty-fourth-st., by. two ladies employed during
business hours; terms must be moderate: amnio
inferences furnished and required. Address C A M,
7 rlbtme office.
WANTED— TO'RENT—A COTTAGE OR 5 OR S
rot ms for honsekeet lag. on the South Side, north
of Twenty-eecond-st. Amb ess KG, Tribune office.
\JBT. ANTED—'TO RENT—PART OP A HOUSE.
Tv or rooms soluble for housekeeping, for a small
family. South or West Side. Address ARTIST, Trib
une office.
XT'AN TED—TO RENT—BY A OENTLE3CAN. A
ff room, fornisheil or partly furnished, with all con
veniences, on Indian a-av-, near Twentleth-st. Address
W M. care Cartier No. 23.
*TTtrANTED —7O BENT—A GENTLEMAN
f f whose family are oast wants a good-alied, well
fnmiahed room, hot and cold water, on West Side.
Private family preferred. References. Address C M
H, Tribune office.
WANTED—TO BENT—A FURNISHED BOOM,
ff without board, for two young men. with stovo or
of Twelftli-aL, South Side. Address O,
Bowen, Hunt Winslow.
■\CTAIiVED-’i O BENT-A FUBIOaIIM BOOM.
W \ritbont board, by bv y. lu a pnrato (amUy
where there are no other boarders. Location West
Side, nortii of Jackson and east of Carpenter. Address
FEKGUSUN, care Cntrlvr No. t7.
t
I
t