ii:- NEW YORK.
Formal Reception Givsn to the
Russian Prince.
The Route from the Steamer One
Grand Oration.
Discovery of Anoiher Trick by tho
Drooklyn Plunderers.’
Daily Review of the Leading
Markets.
Bpedal Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
HALF-HOLIDAY.
New York, Nov. 21.—This being tho day of the
Alexis ovation, only a limited business was done
In Wall street. During the progress of the pro
cession up Broadway the business exchanges
■were nearly all deserted. The Stock and Gold
Boards voted to close their doors at 1 o'clock,
consequently there were no regular dealings after
that hour.
MONET.
The money market was without any now fea
ture, the rates on call being 6a6a7 per cent, 6
“being the ruling rate. The best endorsed com
mercial paper Is quoted at 10 per cent.
GOVERNMENTS.
There were only two calls of government bonds
to-day. the 2:15 oVlock being omitted to give the
"boys an opportunity to see the soldiers. Prices
•Bt the early calls were firm, with tbo volume of
'business small. The weaker tone of the foreign
exchange market is for the moment an
obstacle to shipments. The Assistant
Treasurer, at 12 o’clock, opened
proposals to sell 11,000,000 of 5-20s to the
government. The offerings amount to 11,303,100;
Central Pacifies closed up strong at 1031-4 to
1031-2; Union Pacific closed at 91 3-8 to 911-2 for
ffrsts; 781-8 for land grants; 61 to 83 for incomes,
and 28 s-8 to 28 5-6 for stock.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE
-was weak, and the latest quotation lor prime
•rtwmker* to-days' sterling was 1091-8.
g' GOLD
iiepened at no 3-4, declined 1-8 per cent, and was
When steady for the rest of the day at tho opening
ilquotatlon. The rates paid for borrowing were
K3-4 per cent to flat, ami 3 and Iper cent for oarry
TUB STOCK MARKET,
w<n a restricted business, was strong, and closed
S»t the highest point of the day. Tho advance
sjra« from 1-4 to l 1-2 per cent. Lake Shore and
pfestern Union were the most active stocks.
DREADSTOPFS.
Flsnr wa\?ln fair demand, chiefly for tho trade,
sud, with more favorable advices from Liverpool,
piiecs were steadier. At the closo prices were
-"unchanged for all grades. Tho wheat market
was quiet, under the foreign news. The higher
prices asked chocked tho local and export de
mand. Amher wheat is scarce, and held with
much confidence. Corn opened strong, but buyers
held off, and old declined- Tho demand was In
1 speculative, but chiefly for the home trade,
J ;TUO.
[To the Associated Press.l
THE RHCKITIOS OK ALEXIS,
New York, Nov. 21.— The Mary Powell, with
fully coo persons on board, including all the mem
bers of tb* Reception and Executive Committees
of the Grand Duke, left her moorings at half-past
II o'clock precisely, ami steamed down the bay in
view of tho Russian and United States fleets, all
vessels of which presented a magnificent appear
npo*», being decked with the colors or all
nations from stem to stern. Tho
upper bay was filled with steamers,
Bailing vemels, aud booming cannon# blowing
whistles, and dipping colors, giving the whole
scene an animated appearance. As'the Mary
Powell round# d the battery, she ran alongside
the United States frigate Congress, and took on
hoard Admiral Rowan and staff, and Captain Da
venport, of the. Congress. As these officers left
tho frigate the band on board tbo Powell
played “Hail Columbia.” The Powell then
.-teamed up alongside of the Svetlnnd, and a boat
whs sent for Minister Catacazy and the Russian
Consul General Bodisca and their Secretaries,
who went on board the Svetlnnd to inform tho
Grand Duke that the Reception Committee awalt
M his arrival on board the Powell to tender to
r lini tho hospitalities of the city. The Duke
r. accepted the invitation, and Immediately went
cn board the I'oweii, accompanied by Cataoazy.
t'C Consul General, and others. He was received
tv General Aspinwull and the Executive Com
nittec, who binned in aline on the lower deck,
vlnle tho Duke pissed tlirough to the upper sa
3f<*n. Arriving there, the Duke was received by
He entire Reception Committee, General John A.
J>.x delivering the address of welcome, as fol
lows
Your. Royal TTicnNERs: Tin* chirms of New York
I i an- plad to w»lrnnu-ymi to the United Slates. Wo are
Ipla>! to wclcouu- ouejwho represents His Imperial Tligh-
Jii f-. the of Russia. we are glad to welcome the
Tepr.-jH-utative of a power for which we have so much
r» .'p-ci. kind feeling and confidence. Wr are not so
oM ns Kuropeau nations, as our civilization dates
back but one hundred years, but among our
institutions and customs, you will no donht find many
things to admire, and to cany back to your own coun
try. We are glad that yon are here to carry back to
Ills Imperial Highness, your father, the well wishes
of this government. Again, I say, wo welcome you to
onr shores.
Tho Grand Duke replied as follow*:
f -GrvvRAL Dix. Lames and Gentlemen: I present 1
f ter warmest thanks for the kind findings to which, on
of the people of this great city, you have given
of c*?rrAAion. The fe«-llnvs between the United States
T -aal Russia arc ns strong as they are lasting, and
I 7 ‘T can bo broken. I shall pass rapidly through
1 York to pay my respects to tho President of the
1 Xyted States, whose high character is greatly appro-
I CK'-d in Russia. Rut when I retnmto Now York I
I dn ive great pleasure In accepting tho kind bos*
SBiitr which has been eo generously extended to mo.
XBk*uk you heartily,
jfcc line was then formed In the upper saloon
jam end to ead. tbo Grand Duke taking his sto
jtni at the stern of the boat to receive the guests,
introduced to him by Mr. Henry Clews.
(SJ* Powell thou steamed clown tho bay as far as
ttfc Narrows, and then'tnrned to proceed to tho
fbyery, where the Grand Duke lauded and was
vPtgyived by General Shaler and escorted to his
'(\fapinge, w hen the military procession immodi
v**Ußy started. Tho procession was headed by
Kelso. Inspector Dilkcs and a
J’Sfee of poll »e to clear tho way. Immediately
*ißbr. rode the Mayor, General Shaler, and staff,
lOlowcd hy the Nineteenth Regiment, of Pough
■Jwsie. The carriage containing tho Grand
Xve came next, aud was the object of the preat
-•flUitercst. Following the carriage of the Grand
X«e was a long lino of carriages containing Ad
-I'ossiet, Vice Admiral Rowan, mem-
Wjfc of the Reception Committee
the Prince's suite. After
v«| carriages the Twelfth Regiment marched
jjtgdumn bye oiiipaniea. In the rear.the Eleventh,
BJStnth aiuLTwciuy-sccond regiments formed a
epJHial escort, no: falUng In until the head of tho
OTj-aMon arrived at Leonard street. When tho
vend Duke and escort reached Leonard street,
tMyventh Regiment, preceded by a battalUon,
hue at the head of tho procession, while
thoXiyeuty-sceond and Eleventh Regiments follin
side of Om Grand Duke’s carriage, as a
gu*Kofhouot. When the order for tho wbolo
procession to move on was given, and tho entire
lino was formed, the column was at least ten
Ihoueiud strong. As tho Grand Dnko passed,
each land took up the grand Russian notional
anthem, beginning at the left of the line, and
contlauingio the extreme right. The ride of the
J Prince, from the battery to the Union Sqmrc,
was one continued Ovation. Cheer rose upon
I cheer, aud a sea of handkerchiefs fluttered from
drllcuto lingers. The shout that was taken up at
the Battery was rolled in one huge volume to
Ithe Clarendon, and tho repeated bows of the
jTrince and his smiling face showed that he keen
fty appreciated the great boners showered upon
•'him. As the Grand Duke passed the Equitable
i (building a gnu ~of statuary reccntlv placed over
him entrance was wireled; tho Trinity Church
ffljcgan t*> rlug in his honor as the carriage cou-
Ruiiilng him came in sight. Tho Aator
J Mouse was perfectly alive with ladles and gen
AS -vicu, who waved their handkerchiefs and
passed. Tliis was repeated at every hotel
tie route from City Hall to Union Square.
HAcriio balconies of the Grand Central, Metropoli-
St. Nicholas, and others were thronged with
■liroPlc. whose shouts of hearty welcome it seemed
HBijpuld never cease. Tho regiments, too, came
■S-fej for their share of applause and
MBfcinmendation. Alexis certainly received such
ovation as no man on earth ever received be
re from New Yorkers.
i'N as tlie procession arrived at the grandstand,
fen Union Square, tho ladles and gentlemen rose
v c inL*sc. uml gave Alexis a perfect storm of ap
ipi.kuwi To this he responded with genuine fecl
Krig. and. rising in hit-carriagc,tookoff his chapeau
&nd bowed right and left,
i Th«}Jb#*ad of the procession soon reached tho
Hotel, ana a space -having been made
|or the Duke, he, alighted and entered. A few
tj,omqntb afterward ho came out upon tho bal
Bi'uytFecompanicd by his staff, and reviewed tbo
»oo*Jf marching past by companies. Eachrcgi
t jen*«®rc‘.-enling arms as it came under tho bal
WTh«»iut h Regiment band, of 100 pieces, led by
*1 |&rl Ssrgmaun. will serenade tbe Grand Duke
j- Mwfrlntot the Clarendon Hotel at 11 o'clock to
-SS H)L'bSr\ Tomorrow the Grand Duke will go to
,'ftiUffgton to pay his respects to the President
jap. (f flfl* United States. The Now Jersey Railroad
'oSpany have two splendid drawingroom cars
fo depot which they will tender to tho
niuevsid suite for tho trip.
DENIAL.
Aftarenlng paper says Charles O’Conor denies
Is Ibatiie expressed an opinion that Tweed will not
gp he iftznished. He believes he con, and will be
VroujQit to Justice.
E .1 BROOKLYN PLUNDERERS.
E- ,It ftatated, fnun facts ascertained, that heavy
B- if*actwon the Brooklj*n City Treasury were per-
B ceOfl?? R n F there, by which some two
|f; 'uffdad aud forty thousand dollars wore Ulc-
PS .ttliyptawnby the Fire Commlarionors.
K CONNOLLY 8 OPERATIONS,
p are reports that the Connolly resignation
E as fteced upon him by a promise that he should
I nt Ijtoweentcd for hla doings in the city
I 18 aUs to-day, by the Tribune,
1 are rumors ofa negotiation abroad, by
K onntfly and his son, of several millions of city
|k .mdCThicb do not appear In tbe list of city In
m VbtaSneß*. aud which are unauthorized. Con-
H UU3^e° id to bo preparing to visit Europe,
H men are also said to be getting reiSy
ANOTHER SWEKKET.
mored that James M. Sweeney, brother
B. Sweeney, has fled to Europe, and that
,is in the hands of Charles O’Cenor of
F him in connection with Boss Tweed
ll
3*41
pits
Ip’l
Bee,!
of'**
inahl
HE NEW YORK POET COLLECTOR.
iune says that General Arthur has some
Jons fur tho Custom House Collector
i that he lately held a SIO,OOO Tammany
uj which he was only driven on the Trio-
OKiire. He is a devoted servant of tho
dlque, but he is not personally- anohjee
sac.
TWEED.
r’a retirement will have the effect to
feed’s resignation. Tho latter is said to
£morc depressed ©very day,
i GUKtLKY’S DISCLOSURES.
Ipr who has interviewed Horace Groo-
L 1
Icr learns that Mayor IT all sont a letter, some
time ago. to Greeley, offering him on© Commls
eionersblp of the Parks Department, rice Swee
ney. Greeley returned the letter at onoe witli a
declination.
CITY APPOINTMENTS.
It is understood that Mr. I. W, England, of the
Sun, accepts the office of Commissioner of Edu
cation. Henry 8. Stabbing declines the Dock
Coxnmlwdonersliip tendered to him. Ex-Deputy
Comptroller Storrs -will bo reappointed Deputy
Comptroller,
THE MISSING TAMMANY LEADERS.
The second arrest order In the cose of Inger
soll expired yesterday, without having been
served. There are conflicting rumors as to tho
whereabouts of Ingcrsoll, Woodward, and Gar
vey, but nothing definite seems to be known on
the subject.
_ _ the RISG" BANKS.
The TTorW states that the charters of tho sev
eral savings banks owned by the Ring do not
contain those provisions for the protection of the
public which are found in the charters of other
savings banks.
■WASHINGTON.
Census Superintendent Walker Ap
pointed Commissioner of
Indian Affairs.
The Hew Bonds, Principal and Interest,
Exempt from Taxation.
Correspondence with the Spanish Govern
ment Concerning the Caban
Outrages.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
THIS NEW IKDLVN SUPERINTENDENT.
Washington, Not. 21.—The appointment of
General Walker, Superintendent of Census, as
Commissioner of Indian Affair, gives great satis
faction to all outside of the Indian Ring. Ho is a
firm adherent of tho humane policy in tho treat
ment of the Indians, but believes in tho vig
orous use of force. where honest and peao
able moans fail to secure good
conduct. He is a gentleman of tho strictest in
tegrity, great energy, and ample executive abil
ity. Ho will enter on his new duties next week,
fro will retain partial control of the special fea
tores of tho census work, but most of the work
will pass into the charge of Colonel Geo. D. Har
rington, present Chief Clerk.
BOUNDARY QUESTION.
The President has tenderdd the place of Um
pire upon the Commission to settle tho bounda.
rics of Liberia to Hon. Ben Wade. The latter
will probably decline on account of business en
gagements. The question of boundary arises be
tween Liberia and England. By mutual agree
ment each nation is to appoint two commission
ers and the United States was requested to appoint
an Umpire.
CADETS EXPELLED.
On Saturday six Cadet Midshipmen were ex
pelled from the Naval Academy lor hazing. Tho
officers were ordered to appear In fatigue dross,
and the battalion was drawn up, the six delin
quents placed in front of it, and the order expell
ing them read. They all left the Academy save
one, who had an arm broken. Tho other midship
men have been restricted to tho Academy grounds
for the offence of hazing, and havo also been
debarred all privileges. Tho dismissed cadets
were all of tho third class*
GRIEVANCES WITH SPAIN.
This government has now two grievances with
Spain. The Hornet difficulty is still as far from
settlement as ever, and the State Department is
beginning to entertain some feeling with regard
to tho bad faith tho Spanish Government has
shown in the Cuban question. When tho Cuban
revolution first broke out, tho Spanish Minister
hastened to inform our government that if Amer
ican neutrality should bo enforced the Cubans
should bo guazantecd the some rights and priv
ileges as are enjoyed by all Spanish provinces.
At a subsequent date,'and at a very critical mo
ment in tho hislory of tho Spanish Dominion in
the West Indies, Geuhrol Prim reiterated there
assurances to Minister Sickles at Madrid. Under
these circumstances, and through these
assurances our government' adopted she pol
icy it has pursued with reference
to Cuba. Latterly tho protests of Cubans and
their complaints to the authorities here of Span
ish cruelty and outrages havo become so numer
ous that tho State Department has considered it
necessary to instruct Minister Sickles to remind
tho Spanish Government of its pledges, and to in
sist that they ho fulfilled. Don Monico Roberts,
Spanish Minister resident hero, has also been In
formed that if his government expects ours to
act impartially toward Cuba, there must at least
be on observance of its obligations.
UTAH,
It is Intimated that the President will make no
recommendations in his forthcoming message
with regard to Utah. He will limply act forth
what has been done by the United States Ju
diciary, aud then leave tho whole question open
for congressional action. A largo number of
people are now here In tbe interest of the Mor
mons, and also opposed to them, who arc en
deavoring to force the President to take some de
cided step in Utah. Tho Mormons do
not wish to immigrate, stating there
Is no place where they could
find refuge, and that they do not wish to live un
der any flag, other than that of tko United States.
There is no talk among them whatever of war or
of forcible resistance to tbe laws. They profess
themselves helpless, and completely at the mercy
of tha American people, whom they arc bow wil
ling to treat with for self-preservation, and to
make nil concessions that may reasonably be de
manded.
fTo the Associated Press.!
AITOINTMENTS.
Washington, Nov. 21, —The following appoint
ments were made by the President to-day:
Francis A. Walker, present SuiHjrlntemlcnt of
Census, is Commissioner of Indian Affairs M. W.
Reynolds, Receiver of Public Moneys at Hum
boldt, Kansas-
NEW BONDS NOT TAXABLE.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue rules
that principal and Interest of now bonds are ex
empt from taxation in any form, and that tala
interest need not be included in the amount
upon which a dividend or other taxes! are re
quired to be paid. 1
TROOPS FOR ARIZONA.
The Superintendent of tho mounted Odcrulting
service is ordered to forward all available re
cruits to tbe Fifth Cavalry, which has Ikm ln under
recent general orders, and is assigned toi duty in
Arizona.
IN ARREARS. I
Treasurer Spinner, In his annual report, com
{»lains of iucreaslng delay on the part of some
tanks in making returns and in the pavmont of
duty. He recommends that a percentage upon
such duty be added to It for every ton dliya de
lay after tbe mouth allowed by law. 1
TRESURKR SKINNER'S ANNUAL RETORT.
Treasurer Spinner reports that the receipts of
the fiscal year, including a balance of $149,502,471
in the treasury June 30, 1870. were 1980,004,349;
expenditures |550,95C,872; balance in treasury
Juno 30, 1871, $100,817,477. The total number -of
National Banks Juno so. 1871, was 1,839.
SUPERVISORY DISTRICTS CONSOLIDATED.
By virtue of the authority vested in tho Presi
dent by the Internal Revenue act of July, 1670,
he bas ordered that the supervisory district com
prising tbe States of Alabama and Mississippi be
uunexed to and united with the State of Tennoo
see, aud hereafter to constitute but one supervi
sory district. The order is to take effect on and
after December 1 next.
ILLINOIS.
Governor Palmer’s lllcalUt—Railroad
Opeuiiig-ElectiM Item*
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
BrRiNciKiELD, lIL, Not. 21.-— The physician in at
tendance on Governor Palmer reports iris Excel
lency much hotter, but he will not bo able to
leave his room for some days.
The formal opening of the Gilman, Clinton
Bpringtield llallroad will take place boro to-mor
row. A large number of distinguished guests
have been Invited to participate' iu the
festivities. The ceremonies on the occasion will
take place at the Opera Hall, and the eating at
the Lclaml.
Jackson, charged •with setting firo to Hon. J.
0. Conkliug’s stable, which was entirely con
sumed en Friday last, hud his examination to
day. Alter a full and patient hearing of tho
case, the prisoner Infdefaiut of ball,was commlted
to Jail to await the action of. tho Circuit Court.
Abstracts of tho official vote of the late election
come In slowly. Alexander, Coles, Dewitt, and
Lawrence are yet to be heard from before the
official result can lie announced. The majority
for Henry Bnapp. for Congress from the Sixth
District, m place of Cook, resigned, Is 2,803.
Govern** Pulmrr’a Thanksgiving Proe<
lanmlion.
State or Illinois, Executive Department, I
Springfield, November 16,1871.
whereas. It is the custom of the people of the
State of Illinois, on eomo day designated fly pub*
Ho authority, to assemble at their usual places of
•worship, or by. other modes according to the con
science, to cUc thanks to the Supreme Kuler and
Merciful Father for all blessings of the year.
And
Whereas, The President of the United States
has, by his proclamation, designated and set
apart Thursday, the 30th day of November, 1871,
ns a day suitable to bo observed by the people of
the United States,' and devoted to thanksgiving
and praise to the Most High: 6
Now, therefore. I, John M. Palmer, Governor
of the State of Illinois, do by by this, my procla
mation, also designate the said Thursday, the
30th of November, A. D. 3871, as one proper to be
devoted by all the people to works that do
firaleo the name of Almighty God, and
et thanks be given to His name that he
has given us seed-time and harvest; that Be
has given ns health and abundance; that
the poor, and the maimed, and the stricken have
had care; and that whenthe homes of thousands
of crar people were swept away He inspired the
hearts of people in all civilized lands to contri
bute abundantly to supply.their wants,
in testimony whereof, 1 have hereto set my
hand and caused the Great Seal of State to
lb affixed. Done-at the city of Springfield this
16th day of November, A; D. 1871, and of the
independence of the United States the ninety
sixth. John M. Palm hr.
By the Governor.
Edward Buukxl* Secretary of State.
Oshkosh Hiiiliiippi BailrsaS
Completed.
o.nSKS.* I to -m CWOMTO Tribnn®.
n-ri^'v 'Vi! 1 >ot. 21.—This afternoon, at 3
construction train on tho Oshkosh*
reached the south
52“ “J tllo tox River, In this
the Iron bands con
tiuinsßwin 8 h« 0 5 h Milwaukee. Rogu i„
tiuins will be put on in a fow <lkth a« tim
hrSccwm not bn ffu 111 Bide of tbe and tho
in.tifnt il,VW»‘od until tho 30th
metant. the formal celebration will be deferred
until December 1, when a grand iibiiM will ka
held in the depot buildings. 1 bUee
THh. CHICAGO TRIBUNE; WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 22. 1871.
STATE LEGISLATURE.
Two Cook County Relief Bills In
troduced Yesterday,
Committee’s Report on the Pub
lic School System.
The Registry Law Repeal BUI
Favorably Reported.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
COOK COUNTY ABSENTEES.
Springfield, iil, Nov. 21.—The absentees
from Cook County to-day are Eagan, Foss, Dixon,
Brayton, Hoafiold, Campbell, and Austin.
COOK COUNTY BELIEF BILLS.
Mr. 'Waite has introduced an exceedingly im
portant bill, wbloh practically gives the Common
Council of Chicago power to repeal the whole or
any part of the Appropriation bill already passed,
and to reduce the rate of taxation accordingly,
and which gives also power to relieve property
destroyed by fire of improper taxation. There
seems to bo no objection whatever to this
eminently proper measure, and there will
be no difficulty about its passage if there ore
enough members hero to giro it tho requisite
two-thirds vote.
Mr. Humphrey presented a somewhat sim
ilar bill for a sew assessment in Cook County.
GOVERNOR’S MESSAGE.
Tbo Special Committee on the Governor’s Mess
age has had no meeting and does not seem in
clined to make a report,
PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
Tho bllltreportcd from the Committee on the
Public School System docs not make many alter
ations. Tho most radical change lathe disregard
ing of territory in apportioning
school funds and making it
depend on census only. The "salary of County
Superintendent Is fixed at 1500, and they have no
percentages. When deemed neocssary for them
*o travel in the county, they are given five dol
lars a day. Township Treasurers are required to
publish an annual exhibit of accounts. The word
white Is stricken out and Directors are simply re
quired to furnish equal educational facilities for
all children, leaving to their discretion the
special way of doinglt.
CREDIT PONCIEB.
Tho Senate Committee on Corporations last
night considered Greenohaum's bill for the estab
lishment of a credit fonder, and members, with
one exception,who is opposed to all corporations,
seemed exceedingly pleased with the idea, and
after Greenebaum's explanations thought it feas
ible. The bill, the consideration of which will be
continued for several days, is not considered
sufficient as regards machinery, and a new bill
containing this thing, with features of this ono
will be reported by the committee.
CANADA HUSTLE DILL.
The Senate, duringthe forenoon, amused itself
with tho Canada Thistle bill, and tormented
Whiting, its author, by raising infinite objec
tions.
OFFICIAL DEPORTS.
In the afternoon a resolution was offered pay
ing $25 per day to reporters for getting published
somewhere a daily report of five columns of pro
ceedings of tho General Assembly. The resolu
tion was referred to a committee, but the indica
tions are tbivtjt will pass without any particular
effort. The most sensible remarks
were those of Holcomb, who said tho
newspapers were pretty good Judges of
what people wanted to read, the foot that they
gave short reports wan a sign that was all the
people wonted. Of tho hundred hills on the House
calendar, there are twenty-five In which tho peo
ple take interest enough to watch their daily pro
gress. Members are very apt to magnify the Im
portance of what they do. Tbo papers here will
not be left to publish this official report unless
Said, and if the report Is printed by reporters
l hand-bill form, they will 'lose
RECORDING OF DEEDS.
In the afternoon tho bill fixing the rate for re
cording deeds at six cents per hundred words,
was read a second time. Mr. Stingor moved to
fix tho rate at four cents. Tho bill and amend
ment were referred to the Committee on Fees and
Salaries.
ATTACHMENT BILL.
The consideration of the attachment bill was
resumca in Committee of tho Whole. Many
amendments were offered, and there was a good
deal of amusing legal discimlon, especially on
tho point whether the property of defendant in a
trespass case should, lu whole or part, be tied up
during trial at tbo will of complainant. It was
decided it should be. Tbo bill was reported back
to the House with the amendments, when the
House adjourned.
LEGISLATIVE APPORTIONMENT.
Mr. Williams has resigned as Chairman of the
House Committee on Legislative Apportionment,
and Mr, Daniels has been olio sen temporary
Chairman. Tho House and Senate Committees
will go seriously to work. Various plans havo
been proposed, varying slightly in political result,
the Republicans getting twenty-six to twenty
eight districts, the Democrats seventeen to fif
teen, and eight doubtfuL
LEGISLATIVE.
SENATE.
Springfield, HI,, Nor. 21.
HEDGE FENCES.
Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Committee on Ag
riculture, reported back Senate Bill 25, concerning
hedge fences, with various amendments. Con
curred in.
revenue.
Mr. HAMPTON introduced a bill to amend
Chapter 100 of tho Revised Statutes, entitled “Rev
enue.”
CANADA THISTLES.
Senate bill No. 2G9, for on act concerning Can
ada thistles, was taken up, discussed at great
length, and recommitted.
READING OF BILLS.
Senate bill No. loo.in regard to mills, millers,
dams for mills, machinery, and navigation, and
Beuatehill No. 54, to amend the law in respect to
injuries to the person, were read a third time,
and made the special order for Nov. 28 and 30, re
spectively.
A number of bills were read a second and third
time and appropriately referred.
OFFICIAL REPORTING.
The resolution relating to official reporting har
ing come up, Mr. HAMPTON modified It by pro
viding that payment should ccaso after thro 3
days’ adjournment, instead of seven.
Mr. UNDERWOOD had hoped that the news
papers would have enterprise enough to furnish
reports of the proceedings that could bo under
stood. Such, however, was not tho case. There
fore ho wanted the reporting placed where the
Senate could control it.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to amend by strik
ing out twenty-live dollars and inserting fifteen.
Mr. HAMPTON said tbo printing would be in
Springfield papers if it could be done at living
rates; if not. then in sheets.
Mr. HOLCOMB was of tfet opinion that the
question looked to him as if newspaper men had
concluded that the proceedingsof the Legislature
were »ot of sufficient account to publish.
Newspaper men are generally good business men,
and dirt not caro to publish proceedings
for nothing. He was opposed to advertising tbo
doings of tho Legislature. If published, they
should be nt the expense of tho State.
Mr. FULLER favored the resolution os an
economy, but could make no appropriation for
printing except by contract. If reporters are
employed, the printing must bo done by them In
newspaper or in circular form.
Mr. RICHARDSON’S motion was lost.
Mr. CARTER moved to amend by adding that
the pay cease one day after any adjournment.
Mr. BISHOP moved a reference of the whole
matter to a special committee of five, to report
to-morrow. Adopted.
Tho committee is: Messrs. Thomas, Bishop,
Early, Carter, Fuller, and Hampton.
ArrOKTIONMENT.
The Joint- resolution of the House concerning
apportionment was considered, and the resolu
tion referred to the Committee on Apportion
ment.
CHICAGO EYE AND RAR tNTTRitAEY.
Mr: PIERCE introduced a bill to provide rooms
for tbo use of tho Chicago Charitable Eye and
liar Infirmary. Referred to the Committee on
Charitable Institutions.
RULES.
Mr. HAMPTON moved that one hundred copies
of the amended Senate rules be printed with
those of the House, as also the changes in the
BtandmgCommittoo, which was carried, when, on
motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
COOK COUNTY RELIEF BILL.
Mr. WAITE offered an emergency bill, declar
ing »that whenever In any city any property,
listed or assessed for municipal taxation, shall
bare been destroyed by fire before the levy or
collection of municipal taxes, the Mayor, or
other proper officer, may rebate so
much of-the taxes as shall be deemed proper by
reason of the destruction. ‘Whenever the prop
erty has been destroyed to impair the ability to
pay taxes, and the Appropriation bill has been
passed, or special Improvements ordered before
the fire, and the taxes are not collected, the Com
mon Council may alter, repeal, or reduce any
bill and pass a new ones which shall have the
saluo force as the old one.
It was read a first time and ordered to a second
reading.
REGISTRY LAW REPEAL RILL
The bill to repeal the Registry'law except in.
cities, towns, and Tillages of 6,000 Inhabitants,
and in Coot County, was reported back from the
Committee on Elections, with the reoonmienda*.
Uon that it pass.
BAIL IK Crtn. CASES.
The bill In relation to ball in dell cases was
t sken up, the amendments concurred in, and:or
dered printed.
ANOTHER RELIEF HILL.
Mr.BUHPHRBY offered a bill same what similar
to Mr. Waite’s, prodding that when any assess
ment of property or record of any tax lory of any
county, town, township, or corporate authority
shall be lost or destroyed, and tno taxable prop
erty has been destroyed- before collection and
after assessment, to provide for making*new as
sessment. The time for making assessment is
extended to March, 1872, and for the collection of
taxes to July.
It was referred to the Committee on County
and Township Organization.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Mr. BARNES Introduced a bill to enable assooUs*
lions and persons to raise funds to be loaned
among other members for building homesteads,
etc.
Mr. MILLER, of St. Clair, offered ah emer
gency-bill appropriating 1f.009 for the Chicago
Eye and Ear Infirmary, twenty-five hundred
dollars for rent and the rest lor funishing. He
.also offered a bill to establish a system of free
schools.
_ ATTACHKBNTS.
Tno House went Into Committee of. the Whole
and resumed consideration of the bill relative to
attachments.
A Word in Defence «f the Milwaukee
Firemen,
Milwaukee, Not. 21.—An article la the Sun
day morning Chicago Tribune, accusing the Mil
waukee firemen of bribery, and demanding ex
orbitant prices for playing upon certain buildings
en the West Side during the fire, has created con
siderable exeitemcat and indignation, as the re
ports heretofore have been of the most laudatory
character. Mr. Lakey, editor of tho Chicago
Builder, while on a visit to Milwaukee, stated
that the untiring energy of the Milwaukee fire
men was tho theme of universal admiration
in Chicago, and that persons without
number spoke in unmeasured terms of gratitude
toward our firemen for the'r noble conduct. Mr.
C. M. Lawler, agent ef tho Chicago North
western Railroad here, and who was present
with tho firemen, has addressed a letter to The
Tbibgns denying all tho statement? of bribery
or drunkenness. Attempts were made to bribe
them, but they were udhucoorslul. The reply to
all such offers being, “We wore sent down by
Mayor Ludington to help stop the conflagration,
and we will take no pay.” Tho ch irgos beiugof
a very serious character, an. investigation will
bo demanded by tho firemen here.
FOREIGN.
Great Britain.
London, Noveml>er 21,—The vessels which wore
sunk in theriver Mersey, with all on board, are
the Mary Barker, of Boston, bound from Liver
pool for Bermuda, and tho British ship Arrow,
from Sierra Leone, fur Liverpool.
Tho staamship Nevada has arrived out.
Count Von Bcust, tho newly-appointed Ambas
sador from Austria to the Court of St. James, is
expected here this week.
Liverpool, Nov. 21.—There was an explosion
of gas on board tho steamship Samari last
night, by which seven persona were slightly In
jured.
London, Nov. 21.—Tho bark Charles, of Aber
deen, is reported wrecked, ..and six of her crew
di owded.
A telegram from HongKongsays the ship Tang
Tszce, Captain Smith, from Foo Chow for>ew
York, was lost on a reef off off Paracels Islands;
in the China Sea. The Captain and four of tho
crew were drowned.
A court circular In the evening papers an
nounces the sadden indisposition of tho Prince of
■Wales.
London, Nov. 21.— The Gazelle of this evening
announces the transfer of Donohue, from the
British Consulate at New Orleans to that at Bal
timore, and the appointment of Mr. Foublanqo as
British Consul at New Orleans.
The magistrates at Torquay have refused an
application for bail in tbo case of John Grlbblo.
Secietory of the Total Abstinence Society, of
Brixlmm. who publicly accused the Queen of in
toxication.
It is said that tbo Dublin Jury who acquitted
Kelly upon the charge of murdering Head Con
stable Talbot intend to‘prosecute the London
limes for alleged libel.
Italy,
Bomb, Nov. 21.—King Victor Emanuel made his
entiy into Romo to-dny. Ho was met at tho gates
by the heir apparent, i*rlnoe Humbert, the Min
isters of tho Crown, and a largo body of the
National Guard of the city. Tho populace filled
the streets in Immense numbers, and greeted tho
King with earnest enthusiasm during ms progress
to tho Quirinai, where ho has taken up his resi
dence.
Germany.
Berlin, Nov. 21.—1n Parliament to-day, on tho
second leading of the navy estimates lull, Minis
ter Yon Boon declared that It was the purpose of
the Imperial Government to establish naval
power only of second rate. The bill provides
that the day of officers in the navy bo raised six
teen per cent.
Franc*.
Paris, Hot. 21.—The Government has resolved
to support the motion for the return of the seat
of Government to Paris, at the next session of
the Assembly.
London, Nov. 21.—A special despatch from
Versailles to the Standard says the commission
for the arbitration of the Alabama claims will as
semble in Geneva on the 24th of December, and
that the sittings will continue all winter. About
five hundred cases will bo presented 70 the con
sideration of the commission.
Mpaln,
Madrid. Hot. 21.—The session of tho Cortes has
been prorogued till February, next, until which
time it is probable that the present Ministry will
continue.
It Is announced that the government has re
solved to defer tho imposition of a tax of 15 per
cent on the Interest of bonds, until it has been ap
piovedby tbe Cortes.
Senor De Bias Ims been nominated to the Minis
try of Foreign Affaire,
The olvil Governor ofj Havana has been super
seded.
Turkey.
London, Nov. 21,—Despatches from Constanti
nople report that cool, clear weather now pre
vails there and the cholera is decreasing daily.
THE WEST.
Rongh \Teatber In Colorado—Destructive
Fire at Kit Carson—The Brigham
Young Case In the Utah District Court—
lillnisff Litigation.
Dbnvbb, Col., Nov. 20.—A severe wind and
snow storm occurred hero Thursday night, and
continued the greater part of Friday. Snow foil
to the depth of about 8 inches at Denver, 8 at
Central, and 10 at Colorado Springs and
Pueblo. Tho storm extended a great dis
tance East and South, and tho rail
roads were nil badly blocked up by snow
drifts. The telegrax>h wires on tho Kansas Pa
cific Railroad were badly prostrated. Tho rail
roads nrc now clear, and unless we have a heavy
wind will be kept open. Another snow storm
lust night added about six inches to that already
on tho ground.
On Friday morning lire broke out in barber
shop adjoining the Ferry House at
Kit Corson's. The entire block, including
The Ferry House, several dry goods and giocery
stores, tho Post Othco, two billiard hulls, a num
ber of saloons and dwellings were destroyed.
Very little was saved. No insurance. The lose is
estimated at SIOO,OOO. The railroad depot and
warehouses, containing a large amoimt of mer
chandize cn route to New Mexico and Arizona,
were on fire many times, and only saved by the
use of a number of tire annihilutors by the em
ployes.
Salt Lake, Nov. 20.—Tho United States Dis
trict Court resumed its sessions this morning.
Judge McKean presiding. Tho cases of the
People ts. John Reding, assault with intent to
kill; James Harrington, for murder; John Allen,
for murder; and Daniel H. Wells, for lewd and
lascivious cohabitation, wore passed by consent
of counsel. In tho case of Brigham Young for
lewd and lascivious cohabitation, Hon. Charles
11. Hampstcd moved that tho trial
bo continued to the March term. The Prose
cuting Attorney objected to this, remarking,
"We only know through the pubbe newspapers
that he has passed beyond the jurisdiction of tills
conrt, or, at least, out of this Judicial DistriuU
When he la under recognition here, fo appear
from day to day, and not depart the court without
leave. If the gentlemen desire a continuance in
that case. 1 will demand a showing on afliduvit.”
Mr. Hempsted rejoined, that his client was not
absent, and did not intend to absent himself from
the Territory, but being in ill health, bo bud'gone
Bonth, as had been his custom for several years
past, and further, on this occasion ho had gone
with the entire approval of his counsel, and
whenever the case might bo set for trial; he,
Biigham Young, would lie personally present in
court, to answer all charges that might be
brought against him. Mr. Hcmpsted concluded
by assuring the court that Brigham Young
bud not fled from tho Territory, nor the
Jurisdiction of tho cour&nor did ho Intend to do
so. Ho win be here,” paid Mr. Hcrapatcd, any
time that his presence may be required, relying
upon his counsel to make the statement chat I do
make, thatho is desirous of not coming hero in
cold weather, because his health is feeble. If the
interests of tho'public service require it> be will be*
here at any time required by Your Honor.”
Counsel lor prosecution objected to postpone
ment. saying they were ready now.
Judge McKean said: “I will not, at present,
cither grant tho motion or set down tno case for
any particular day. I will hold that under ad
visement.”
In the cases of William Hickman. Dr. Wells.
Hosea Stout,-M. Meaeham, Win. Kimball, and
others, for murder; and Henry Laurence, Dr. M.
Date, and H. B. Clawson, for lascivious cohabita
tion, n motion for continuance was granted till
next Monday.
The indictment against Clawson, who is Super
intendent of Zion’s Co-operative Mercantile In
stitution, was found to-day.
In tho case of Thos. Hawkins, Mr. Baskin
asked for a mittimus to consign the prisoner to* the
penitentiary, and tho matter was taken under
advisement.
The great mining suit of tho Eureka Mining
Company against Aspluwall, of Now York, and
others, was decided this morning at Provo
by a jury for the plaintiff. The contest was for
the title to tho King David. It is said that Page
and othess, who sold the mine to Asplnwall, put
up ajob, knowing they had no title. The next
trial, width commences to-morrow, Ssfor the May
Henrietta. Both mines are immensely valuable,
and tbe suits in regard to them are-tho most im
portant that ever occurred In tbe Territory.
PACIFIC. COAST;
TbeLn Angeles Bntchery of Chinese—ln~
dictxnents by the Grand Jury—The Indi
an massacre In Arizenn —Verdict of the
Coroner’s Jury—Colycr’s Operations
Criticised.
Ban Francisco, Cal-, Nov. 20.—The grand jury
in Los Angeles is finding numerous Indictments
for participation imho butchery of the Chinese.
Most of the indicted parties not already in Jail,
have fled from tho country.
Tbe Coroner’s Jury at Wlchenburg, Arizona,
have found a verdict that on tho sth day of No
vember, 1671, C. T. Adams. John Lentz, Fred. W.
Lorlne. Fred. W. Shotholm, W. G. Salmone, and
P. M.Himel. found scalped, came to their death
by gunshot wounds received at the hands of In
dians, trailed toward tho Date Creek Reserva
tion.”
The San Francisco Bulletin, this evening, con
itains a scathing review of Vincent Colyer’s opera
tions, and publishes reports which fully vindicate
the San Francisco correspondent of tho Associ
ated Frees from his attach.
SOUTH CAROLINA
Confirmation of the Vasne oT Fraudulent
Benda—An Empty State Treasury*
New York, Nov. 21.—A Tribune despatch from
South Carolina confirms tho reports of the fraud
ulent issue of South Carolina bonds. The Gover
nor charges the Treasurer with a fraudulent issue
of bonds, or. rather, of reselling bonds which had
already boon converted into new bonds. The
State Treasurer and Financial Agent deny this,
and say that the Governor 1s misinformed. The
result of the matter is, that tho State Treasury Is
empty, and. the credit of tho State below par.
AWoil from Arkasisi.
Little. Rock, Ark., Nov. 21.—Tho Gazette to-day
makes an expose of a secret military organisa
tion, cahed the “Royal Blues, w now being or
ganized, especially throughout this State, under
the instructions of Senator Clayton. In this
society are admitted those who are unfriendly
to Grant or Clayton. Tho Gazette calls tho par
ticular attention of the Ku-Klux Committee of
Congress to this society, and says Arkansas is In
A worse condition to-day then any of the South
ern States; that tho honest voters of the State
arc disfranchised, and the elections are hnt farces.
The Governor has power to appoint and remove
nearly every officer In the State, and If tho Ku-
Klux Committee should fall to embody these
facts in their report, it will but substantiate
what has been repeatedly told, that that commit
tee is a partisan affair in the interest of the Pres
ident.
War Department Weather Deport.
WASHDiOTOH, Nov. 31.—Partially cloudy and
pleasant -weather is probable for Wednesday
lor the South Atlantic and gnU coasts. The low
baromet.r In Canada -will probably more cast
■ward,-with southwesterly-winds on the lakes,
veering hi the noth-west; threatening and rak-V
weather will extend Tory generally alone thi
middle and east AUantlo coasts, /he area o
cloudy weather will continue from tho Ohio v«i
ley to tho upper lakes and westward.
Dangerous winds arc not anticipated tor our
coasts this evening. uur
Allopathy ys. Homoeopathy.
Boston, Nov. 21,-Tho trial hy tho council, com
posed of five allonathiats, of tho members of tho
Massachusetts Medical Soolcty, who nmoii™
homeopathy, Uv> bPOQ (td Joumcd to DcccSr™
Tho homoßopathlsts have entered a protest
against the authority and right of tho society to
dictate In the premises, ana also have obtained
an injunction from Judge Ames substantially for
bidding their expulsion.
IKE GALLOWS;
Execution of the murderer Ocular at
Akron, O*
Akron, 0.,N0v. 21—John H. Hunter, the mur
derer of old Mr. and Mrs. Gargclt, at Richfield,
Ohio, on tho 27th of May lost, was hanged to-day.
Hunter went from Gratiot County. Michigan. 10
renew an engagement with Chloc Qargott, which
had been broken by her, and on the refusal
°f ber parents to permit him to
c P,t €r their house, shot them, and tried, incffectu
ally, to kill theirdaughtor. During his incarcera
tion he maintained u spirit of bravado, and at
tempted to convey the impression that he was In
sane. but after a thorough examination by medi
cal experts he was pronounced perfectly sane.
He endeavored to commit suicide, yesterday, by
cutting an artery, but was discovered,
and the design frustrated. Ho has refused
all sustenance since Monday morning. Hun
ter entirely unnerved when informed
that his time had como,ond had to be supported
to the scaffold. After passages from the scrip
ture were read and prayer offered, he made a
rambling speech, in which he said he did not com
mit the murder premeditatedly, and called on all
to forgive him as he forgave all
At ll:4S the spring was touched, and the drop
fell, Hunter falling about six feet, dislocating tho
spinal column. In seventeen minutes his pulse
stopped. After the body was cut down several
physicians examined his brain, and found it per
fect, no signs of insanity being apparent.
Telegraphic Brevities,
The two young Indies, survivors of tho Park
tragedy in Southern Indiana, still Unger in an
apparently dying condition. Tholr heads are ter
nblymanglod. but there is a bare possibility of
their surviving.
A “Acting Governor Conley, of Georgia, vetoes
tho bill ordering a special election to fIU tho va
cancy created by Bullock’s resignation.
—ln the caso of tho Pullman Palace Car Com
pany rs. Jonah Woodruff Co., in the United
States Circuit Court at Pittsburgh, Pa., tho mo
tion for'apreliminary injunction to restrain the
use of the recent patent of Weodrnff, for improved
sleeping coaches, was withdrawn by plaintiff.
This is claimed to be a triumph for Woodruff
—At tho annual meeting, on Monday, of the
Baltimore Ohio Railroad, the old Board of Di
rectors was re-elected, the only change being tho
election of John King, Jr., to fill the place or tho
late Albert Schumuehcr. The annual report
shows that the revenues of the road and its
branches for tho fiscal year was 112 557.529, an in
crease over tho previous year of $1, 177,153.
—The damage* from the sinking the Oxford
mine,at Hyde Pork, Pa., isestiouted not to ex
ceed J9,000. The estate of Joseph Follows will
probably bo held liable for losses.
—Lieutenant Governor Bunn, of Louisiana, Is
lying very iU of congestion of the longs. His'
physicians despair of his recovery.
—Full returns from all the counties in Wiscon
sin, except Oconto, Richland, Sauk. Shawano and
Waupacca, give Washburn, Republican, for Gov
ernor, 9,647 majority. The returns from the
counties named above will not materially change
the above figures.
—The cholera has broken out in the east sec
tion of Halifax County, N. S. The cook on the
steamer Franklin is supposed to have brought
the disease into the country. He is recovering,
but other persons, who caught the disease from
him, have died.
—Colorado was visited by a heavy snow storm
on Monday. Tho snow fell at Denver to the
depth of about eight Inches. Westward, iu
the mountains, it is deeper. Tho storm also ex
tended south, east and north of Denver some dis
tance. The trains on the railroads were detained
by drifts.
—A boiler exploded yesterday in CrVbb’s flour
ing mill, at Clinton, fifteen miles north of Terre
Haute. causing a total wreck of the mill, aud
also of an adjoining planing mill. Garton Cul
sey was ti led, and several others seriously in
jured, one perhaps fatally.
—At a meeting of the stockholders of the
Cleveland Pittsbbrgh Railroad Company, in
Cleveland yesterday. Tae lease of that road to
the Pennsylvania Central Railroad Company was
ratified by a large majority.
THE CITY IN BEEIF.
The niailsi
Our subscribers complain of tho irregularity
■with •wliicli they occasionally icceivo TinsTui
bcke by mail, and that too, not •without ap
parent reason. 'When, however, tkey bear in mind
tho complete demoralization of tho Post Ollico
facilities by the fire, and the embarrassment
necessarily incident to Its presentnarrow quarters
they will he inclined to think nt»rc mercifully of
that department.- In less than a fort
nifeiAi, me Wabash avenue Motlnriist Church will
Lave been so titled up- for postal purposes as to
give full play for the energies of tho department.
No grounds for complaint will then bo in exis
tence and tho regularity of tho walls will again
characterize the Chicago Post Otice.
Chicagoans Abroad*
The following Chicagoans were regiotered at
London, Paris, etc., on the 4th hist: Paria; Mrs.
E Brainard and family, Mrs*. Field, Mies L. A.
Herrick, Frederick and Miss Keep, Mr. and Mrs.
O. R. Keith, Mr.-'. G. Lewis, Mrs. W, G. Lewis,
Mr. U. H. D. Lew is, William G. Lincoln, Dr. 8. 11.
Linn, Mr. Lud, Mrs. James A. Mulli
gan and family, Mrs. J. P. Nudd, H.
Nugent, Mies Alice Nugent, Mr. ami
Mrs. 11. B. Payeon,the Misses Saltinstal, Mark
Skinner and family. Miss M. 8. Stanton. L»
Tucker and family, Mrs. G. W. Vail and family,
Mrs. Williams, Mrs. H. J. Willing. London—J.
Gray, Peirson D. Smith, Mrs. Adam Smith. Ber
lin—Gurden Cornish, Miss H. E. Hobart. Genova
—Mrs. Herri'df, Mrs. Vail. Rome —Dr. E. C.
Rogers. H. 11. Sanford. Venice—Misses A. M.
and L, B. Fuller. Florence—Miss A. S. Spencer.
Announcements.
All regular physicians In good standing, who
have suliered by the flttv are requested to-scud
their names and tbo number of tue former and
present offices and residences to Walter Hay, No.
034 Michigan avenue,'
—There will bo a rneeting cf policy-holders In
suspended insurance companies, at Standard
Hull, corner of Michigan avenue and Thirteenth
street, this evening, at 8 o’clock, to hear the re
port of the Committee of Ten, appointed at a pre
vious meeting, and for other business.
—The Mayflower Society of the Methodist
Church will assemble at the residence of Mr. W.-
H. Bradley, corner of Park and Ashland avenues,
on Monday evening, December 4. Members ami
friends are requested to attend without further
notice.
Personal.
Captain ghaw, flic Chief of tho London Firo
Brigade, whoso tour of inspection Inthls country
Is not yet forgotten, has been rofuscd'permlssion
to proceed to Chicago for tho purpose of inquir
ing into the reasons why an extensive and well
organized Are brigade was beaten in Its contest
with the conflagration.
—The American Messenger, published in Paris,
of November 4, states that 31. Baird, the well
known Chicago artist has lately coutrilmted to
.the Graphic an engraving entitled “Tho Ebturned
Ihiroun from Germany.” His accurate sketches
of tho City of Chicago,, and the coscumo of its
ifltotuen have been recently used by tho Graphic.
The London illustrated Journals and tho Monde
lllustre of Paris aro pat-rmiizlng lus deserving
talent. Ho will not know the city on his return.
Sidewalks for the Burnt Districts,
The Board of Public Works lias ordered tho
construction of sidewalks, six feet wide, in tho
burnt district, as follows North side of Ran
dolph, from LaSalle to State streets; north side
of Wufibinctou, from MarkcctoStatestreets; cast
side of LaSalle, from Van Buren street to the tun
nel entrance; east side of Ninth LaSalle, from
Kiazie street to tho tunnel entrance; cast side of
North and South Clark streets, from Chicago ave
nue to Randolph street; north »ide*of Chicago ave
uue, from Clark street to tho Water Works; north
side of Van Bnreu street, from tho river to State
south side of Klnzie; from Clark to Wells
streets: west side of Wells, from Kinzio street? to
Chicago avenue.
fflUcellnncoM,
Miss Mary B. Adams, of Chicago, niece of Grace
Greenwood, recited Lost and Regained,” at the
entertainment given by tho K&usas City .Mechan
ics’ Institute on tbo occasion- of Its anniversary,
last evening.
—Why should tbo world wendor about the fu
ture or Chicago. Tho cable‘was used a day or
two ago, os it were, to say there was no city her©
to speak of,and now tbe same wires are employed
to remark from Montreal: ‘-The barque Dooda
rus arrived here yesterday, from Malaga, Spam,
with a cargo of raisins, mostly for J. W. Doano
Co., Chicago.”
—A laborer named Charles Garilltz, while at
work on tho ruins of Butler's building, on Ru
dolph street near Michigan avenue, yesterday
morning, was killed by a falling wall. The body
was taken to tho Morgue, where tho Coroner held
nninquest. Tho jury rcoommcnded.lh-tt tho city
take some measures to have tbo walls now stand
ing removed, so ns to avoid accidents in the fu
ture.
—lt was stated lost evening, by a gentleman
who ought to know, that Lydia Thompson and
her troupe will soon; he in- Chicago. West-elders
will be overjoyed to know that she will bo at tho
Globe during her stay hero.
—Burley Tyrrell and T. E. Jager \Tish to
acknowledge the receipt of t1.565.T6 from J. D.
Mrokin and J. W. Parkhurst, of Haulcy, Staf
fordshire, England, for tho benefit of tho Chicago
sufferers.
New York l>zy Goods Tlarkot.
New York. Nov. 21.—1n dry goods prices rule
uniform, at 13c for Atlantic A Drown sheeting;
121-cfor H; 12c forL;-n l-2ofor Broadway; 110
for Agawam F; 13c for Continental C; 110 for
Granucvillo E E 27 l-2c for Monndnock 9 1-4
brown sheetings »lc-for 101-14; 11 l-2a!2 l-120 for
American stripes: llall.l-2o for Hay
maker; Hal2c for Congress and Red Cross;
wigans; 12c for Green Star; 16ai5.1-2c for Keor-
sateen and bleached corset Jeans: 13 l-2c-for
Laconia: for Rookport; 15cfor Amos*
keag bleached muslins; 161-2 C for Androscoggin
L; 350 for B*4 r 40c for 9-t; 4So for 10-4; 110 for-New
York mills muslins; 20 for Wamsutta; 12 l-3o for
81aterville, and 11 l-2o for fancy prints.
Kaeiot Cicy litre Stock-fllarket.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
•Kansas Citt, Nov. 21.—Cattle—Receipts, 763-
head; fthfppcd—to Chicago. 14 cars. 275 head; to
St Louis, 8 cars, 142 bead; slaughtered, 660 head;
sales 290 wintered Texans, average 1,225 lbs,
at 1e.25; 21 Texan -cows, average 800
point* on private terms. Beef receipts closing
for the season. Prices well sustained. No. l
butchers’ stock stiff.
Hoca—Received. 2,449 head; shipped, 122;
slaughtered, 1.100 head. Price# range from s&3s
to &.T9, though $3.60 is about the standard.
XUineU and Ulishisaa Canal.
Canal Office, Chicago, .Not, ,21—9 p. m,—
Cleared— Rescue, Lemont;. 8. and T., Lemont*;
Eclipse. Lemont; Mayflower. Lemont: H. L.
Poaalee, lenient: Marr Walker. Lemont: Stars
end Stripes, Summit: D. llfis. Lemont;;
Lemont: E, Walker, Jr„ Lemont: Arabia, ta
mont; Geo. Judd, Lemont; 8. H. C.rpenter-
Seneca- Onward, Joliet: Sunrise, Marseilles.
ft dumber; Colonel Martin. Lockjwrt,
Jennie.laSalle: seta Favorite, LaSalle: Wave,
Morris s 150 ft lumber, 6 tons coal, 100,000 shin
dy Frederick, LaSalle:
Sherman, Seneca, 1,600 bn
com, 01,200 lbs Slaraaml Btriwa, Summit.
89 vds stone Ilidore. LaSalle, 6,500 bu
corn: Goldhlmtcr, Italic, o.loo_ bu
corn; Cusbmom Kock un
sand; I). Hess. LAmont. 54 yda stono., Arabia,
prison, 03 yds stf.nc: Eclipse. Lemont, 60 yds
stone; MaryWalkeiV ta-nont, 89 yds stone C.
W. Walker, tamout, 03 yds stone, 120 brls limei.
S. L. Feasclec, Lemont. 71 yds stone: Rescue,
tamout, 00 yds stunt,: S. T„ Lemont, 89 yds
stone; Planet, tamcm.fr, yds stone: Maple Leaf,
Chonnabmi. ro.soo lbs\ empty bantels. 1.100 bu
corn; ClmriM Steel, Lowiout, 89 prop
w(-sp, Smuu.at, 34 yds sryno.
BOARD OF EDUCATION.
The Franklin and Pearson Street Pri
mary School Buildings to he
Eehnilt at Once.
Proposed Redaction of the Sala
ries of Teachers and
Officers.
The Board Disposed to Wait Until the 3Tore>
meat Becomes General.
A regular meeting of the Board of Education
was held last evening, Vice President Rungon in
the chair. The following Inspectors wore pres
ent Stone, Stephens, Briggs, Moore, Reynolds,
Tally, Walsh, Meservc, Wnensohe, Qoggln,
Schultz, Bhackford, Hambleton, the President.
COMMUNICATIONS.
A commanlcatlon from G. De Mars, offering to
fill another chair in the High School, free of
charge, was referred to the Committee on High
School.
—A communication from the officers of the
Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Association, ash
ing permission to occupy, for divine worship, a
room in the Carpenter School Building, was re
ferred to the Secretary, with instructions to make
a suitable reply.
—Communications from parties deslrlngto lease
a portion of the Scammon School property, were
referred to the Committee on School Fund Prop
erty.
—A commanlcatlon from E. W. Griffin, offering
to sell certain North Side property for a school
lot, was referred to the Committee on Buildings
and Grounds.
NORTH SID* SCHOOL BUILDINGS.
Inspector Shackford, of the Special Committee
on the rebuilding of school booses in the North
Division, reported recommending the board to re
quest the Common Council to make an appropri
tion of $60,000 for the rebuilding of the Franklin
and Pearson Street Primary School buildings.
The report was concurred in.
ROOMS FOR TUI BOARD.
Inspector Stone offered a resolution directing
the Committee on Buildings and Grounds to con
fer with the Board of Public Works with refer
ence to the fitting up of rooms for the Board of
Education in the new city building on ahmih
street.
Inspector Richberg thought it would be proper
for the board to first express a desire as to
whether it would have its rooms iu tho city
building. Ho was not In favor of having tho
board locate itself in that portion of tho city. He
moved that tho subject matter of the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Buildings and
Grounds.
Inspector Stone thought that the entire city
should be accommodated in this matter, and uot
alone the West Division. Tho city had put up
this building and paid for it, and this was not a
time to incur unnecessary expense.
Inspector Schiutz thought that the board could
bobcat accommodated this winter in its present
quarters on West Randolph street.
Tho resolution was referred to the Committee
on Buildings and Grounds.
office nouns.
Superintendent Pickard reported having es
tablished oftlco hours, as follows: At the Haven
School, on Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
da}* from 12 to X o'clock; at the
Newberry School, on Tuesdays from 12
to 1 o’clock, aud at the rooms of the board
every day from 4to 5 o’clock p. m. Ho also re
ported tbe total amount of the school relief fund
te bo 17,531.
PROPOSED REDUCTION OF SALARIES.
Tlio Conmimittcc on Salaries, to whom was
referred the subject of the reduction of the sal
aries of officers and teachers in the employ of the
board, submitted the following report:
Thu Mayor has addressed a communication to the
several departments of t!fe city government, asking a
reduction in the working force or each department to
the lowest possible standard. The City Comptroller
a<>ks that the salaries of officers and teachers, ami all
employes of the board bo reduced 20 per cent, and has
given your committee encoim genient to believe that
money can bo secured to meet the requirements after
such a reduction.
Tour committee has. therefore, made a careful esti
mate of the salaries of the officai aof the board, and of
the teachers of the public schools, as they stood upon
the last Friday la September.- The salaries a« they
stood on that day, would in a year’s time aggregate
fn 0,075.
By dispensing with r the services of music teachers,
drawing teachers, and Gorman teachers, and the num
ber of teachers employed in the schools that have
been burned, also the assistant to the Superintendent,
wo reduce this aggregate to $339,975.
Since the Lincoln and the Newberry buildings must
suffice for.the North Side, wo roust flu all the rooms,
which will require an addition of thirteen teachers.
The primary buildings, now In process of erection,
will require an nddltb n of seventeen teachers. Those
additions, at an average of wages paid female tcaoh
eis. will increase the aggregate to $352,331.
Taking so per cent of this amount wo shall require
$290 105 for a year. Your committee have prepared
below a table of salaries for the remainder of the year,
reckoning from the reopening of the schools, to April
1, 1872, wlifch aggregates $141,805.
Your committee presents for consideration the fol
lowing seals of salaries
Present Proposed
salary. talari/.
Snporint cndcnfc $4,000 $2/itt)
Principal of High School 2,500 I.SOO
l'rincli*nl of Normal School 2.350 1,700
Mule principals and male assistants
in High School, Clerk of Board of
Education, and Building and Sup
plv Agent 2,300 3,600
Male principals and malo assistants
In High School 1,900 1,500
male principals and malo assistants
in High School 1,800 1,400
Principal of School of Practice 1,200 900
Principal <f Primary School and te>
male assistants in High 5ch001.... 1,000 700
Head assistants..* 1,000 GO
Femaleteachersof Grammar Division 800 550
Female teachers from 8700 to 775 550
Female teachers from fcw to 675 525
Female teaclurs from S&Mo 575 500
Female teachers 450 450
In arriving At the above hosts It soemod
to your committee to bo unjust to reduce
the salaries of those teachers who ore now
receiving but $450 per annum, as no teacher
can live in Chicago for any less sum, while a larger re*
Auction may tie nmdo from the higher salaries, so as to
equalize the whole.
Your committee would further recommend that no
change be made in sa’arics during this school year,
after entering upon the scale as above recommended:
and also that teachers transferred from other posi
tions to those they now hold receive the salary which
their present positions entitle them under t>o above
scale of salaries.
Tho records of the proceedings of tho Board are la
such a condition from the tire that t*ey should he
transcribed in order that they may h» preserved, and
lor this purpose your committee recommends the em
ployment of the assistant clerk at a salary of $650 per
annum.
Yonr committee recommends a redaction of 20 per
cent on all salaries of Janitors and engineers who had
more than $lO per week, and no change below tliat
salary; and also that all principals and Janitors who
have had the care of tho buildings kept open for tho
relief of persons burned out by the rooont lire should
be paid for their time at tho above rates.
REDUCTION RV COMPARISON.
Inspector Walsh moved, as a substitute, a series
of resolutions providing that the salaries of *ll
otllorjs and teachers In the employ of the Board
of Education, excepting those below $450, ho re
duced in proportion ns shall be reduced the
salaries of all employees of tho other depart
ments of the city government; and thata special
committee of live, of which the chair should be
a member, bo appointed to examine into and ro
f»ort upon the reductions, if any, which are made
a other branches of tho city government, so that
the board' may act accordingly; and that, until
otherwise ordered, all teachers and officers of
the board shall be paid at the present rates.
PISCTJ9BION
Inspector Sbnckford said that he did not ap
prove of the substitute. Two wrongs did not
make a right, and if the other departments of
the city government referred to, reduce salaries,
it was no good reason why the Board of Educa
tion should do tho same.
Inspector Walsh said that the notion of the
hoard, contemplated by his resolutions, would
place tbe board before the public as tho llrst
branch of tho government to move In the matter
of the reduction of salaries.
Inspector Shaokford offered a substitute for
both reports, providing that all salaries above
$550 bo reduced 20 per cent.
Inspector Stone was in favor of reducing sala
ries, but not unless it was done by other depart
ments of the city government. He moved the
reference of tho matter to tho Finance. Commit
tee, with a view to conforming to the practice in
the other departments in the matter of salaries.
Inspector Sohintz was altogether opposed to
the reduction of the salary of any teacher or of
ficer of tho board. He called attention to tho
.fnottbatthe Mayor himself hod taken no steps
toward the reduction of his own salary, although
verv anxious to cut down the pay of the poor
teachers. He moved to place tho whole matter
on tile.
The ayes amLnocs ■were called upon this mo
tion. which ■was lost by a vote of 12 against to 3
in favor, the three being Inspectors Goggln,
Reynolds, and Schintz.
The ayeaandnoea.worc then called upon the
passage of Inspector Walsh’s resolutions, which
wore adopted by a vote of 12 to Inpectors Rey
nolds and Shuckford and the President voting in
the negative.
The Chair appointed Inspectors Walsh, Ham
Melon, Moore, and Stone aa the special commit
tee.
MATTERS TK GENERAL.
Inspector Stephens, of the Committee on Pub
licatiun. reported recommending that the Clerk
of the Board be directed to procure all necessary
printing of blanks, forms, «tc., and report tho
cost of the same to the Finance Committee.
Inspector Richbcrg moved that tho Clerk bo
authorized to purchase, after each meeting of tho
board, fifty copies of. the paper in which tho pro
ceedings arc officially published. The motion
prevailed, and the report was concurred In.
TTio application of inspector Go agin for cer
tain apparatus for the Bore School, was referred
to the Committee on Apparatus and.Furniture.
The Finance Committee reported having audit
ed sundry accounts, aud the report was con
curred In.
Tho matter of procuring a safe for thA two of
the board was referred to the- Gomm-wtca on Fi
nance, with power to act. v 1
The board then adjourned. I
MARKETS BY TELEGBAP:
New York Financial News.
New Tore. Nov. 21.— Affairs In financial! 0
cles are devoid of special interest, and basils
is limited In extent. A
The Stock Exchange and Gold Rooravadjonnl
at an early hoar on account of the reception'
Alexia.
Gold dull and steady at 110 3-4allo 7-8.. Thera*!
paid for borrowing was 1-04 to flat, and la 2 foil
carrying. Clearings about $42,500,0*0. m
Governments quiet .and Arm. The bond pur-1
chase, which ordinarily would have been tonor-1
row, is made today, and the gold Bale, which
would have been Thursday will be to-morrow.
The offerings of bonds amounted to $1,302,(W> at
from 110 61-looto 11099-100. The award waasl,tw,-
000 at from 120 61-100 to 110 74-100.
Stocks strong and higher. Lake Shore loading
the advance, followed by Western Union, Union
Pacific, Chios, Wabash, and Rock Island, the
market closing strong and generally up to the
highest point of the day. The improvement
ranged from 1-2 to 11*2 per cent.
Pacific Mall 471-2 3>Q pfd.. 7? 1-2
WeMernUnion...... 68 5-8 Waba5h............ 631-2
New York Central.. 92.*-8 O. M..... 4218
N.Y. Central scrip. *7 5 8 UnlonPaciflo 231-2
Erie 30*-4 St. Joseph 54j
Reading. 113 1-2 Wells A Fargo 55
Lake shore, n0w.... 87 5-8 Pacific 47 1-2
Northwestern 611-8 Erie.... 1305-5
Do Tjfd 90. Lake Shore, scrip.... ,83 5-8
r. i. 102 3-4 Pittsburgh ilia
St. Paul 62 3-4
Moucv CAST »t Ca6.
Southern State securities were dull this p. m.,
and no regular quotations were made In tlio ab
sence of a second call.
Foreign markets.
London, Nov. 21—4:30 p. m.—Consols, 93 5-8;
American secuiitlea quiet and steady; '623, 92;
’658.931-4; '678.94 3-4; 1 CMOS, 901-4.
Sugar afloat. 80s edasoa 9U.
Frankfort, Nov. 91.—Bonds, 625, 97 3-8a971-2.
Paris, Nov. 21.—Rentes. 66C 650.
Liverpool, Nov. 21—Evening—Cotton firm;
middling upland, 91-3 d; Orleans, 9 3-4a9 7-3 d*
sales, 12.000 bales, speculative; and export 4,006
bales. Yarns and fabrics at Manchester were
quiet but Arm.
Breadstuff* firm; red spring wheat, llsalla 7d*
red winter, 11s lod. Receipts of wheat past three
days were 35,000; American. 27,600. Flour, 25sa
30s. Corn. 335. Barley, 4s. Peas, 4lta42s 6d. Lard,
46s 3d. Cheese, 60s. Cumberland middles, 31s.
Short rib, 395. Turpentine, 50*515.
Baffsl* liive Stock market.
Buffalo, Nov. 21.—Cattle—Supply, 3,774 head,
or 222 cars, against 200 cars last week. Market
dull at 3-Bal-2c lower. Bales—44 Indiana steers,
av 1,305 lbs, at $5.25; 194 Ohio steers, ar 810- to
1,460 lbs, at t3.00a6.00; 69 Kentucky steers, av 1,498
lbs, at 15.75; 87 Michigan, ar 1,014 to 1,238 lbs, at
13.80a5.75; 16Texas, av 1,246 lbs, at $4.75; 64 Hli>
isols, av 1,228 lbs, at $4.60.
Hogs—Receipts—3,322 head. Market doll, and
prices a shade netter. 8a1e5—1,633 head at $4.00 a
4.36 for medium to ehotce.
Watertown (mass.) liive Stock market.
■Watertown, Maas., Nov. 21.—Beef Cattle—Re
ceipts, 1,212. Fair to choice lots sold early in
day nearly os well as last week. Sales choice at
$9.60a9.76; extra, $9.00a9.25. First quality, $3.25 a
9. 5; second. $7.50a600.
Sheep and Lambs—Receipts, 6.203. Demand
dull, with supply not much more than half that
last week. Sales in lota, $1.50 to $4.00 each; extra,
$4.60a5.00.
The Prodace markets.
MILWAUKEE.
Milwaukee, Nov. 21.—Breadstuff*—Flour
dull and nominal. Wheat dull and drooping;
No. 2, $1.21 l-2a1.22; seller December, $1.25;
seller January, No. 1, $1,241-2. Oats steady;
No. 2,340. Corn' dull; No. 2,600. Bye dull; No. 1,
62 1-Sc. Barley steady; 620.
Lite Hogs—Saloc bettor; $8.65a3.65; dressed,
$4.25.
PEOTIBIOKB—Steady; mess pork, $12.25; bulk
shoulders, 4o seller December; short rib, 61-40.
Lard, 81-40.
Freights—Ho to Buffalo; 160 to Oswego.
Receipts—Flour, 2,oeobrla; wheat, 57,000 bn.
Shipments—Flour, 3,000 brla.
NEW YORK.
New Yobs, Not. 21. —Cotton—Firm; mid*
dling upland, 18 3-40.
Breadstuff*—Flour doll and lower; receipts,
7.000 brls: superfine Western and State, $5.85a6.20;
common to good, $6.40*6.C0; good to oholoe, $6.65 a
7.20; white wheat extra, 17.20a7.40; extra Ohio,
$6.60a7.20; St. Louis, $6.80a9.25. Rye flour and
com meal unchanged. Wheat firm; receipts,
123.000 bn: No.X spring, $1.60; No. 3, $1.62a1.55;
winter red Western, 11.60a1.64; amber, $1.65a1.66;
wbito, t1.C8a1.75; extra choice amber Indiana,
$1.67 1-2. Rye nominal. Barley heavy. Malt
quiet. Com firm; receipts, 90,000 bn; Western
mixed in store. 790 afloat, 79 l-2o; new white
Western, 83c; old, 87c. Oats steady; receipts,
46.000 bn; Western and Ohio. 52 l-2asse.
The following is a corrected report of the total
stock of grain forJNor. 18: Wheat, 3,984.000 bu;
corn, 1,382,000bu; 0at5,2,483,000 bu: rye,390,000
bu; barley,233,ooobu; molt, 139,000 bu; peas,
8,000 bu.
Hops—Firmer.
Egos—Steady; 34&350.
Groceries—Coffee dull; Rio, 18 1-Salß 3-40.
Sugar lino; fair to good refined, 9a91-4c; Cuba, 9
a 9 l-20. Molasses steady; Now Orleans, 660T0c.
Rice Arm; 8 l-3a90.
Petroleum—Crude, 12 l-2o; refined, 23c.
TURPENTINE—67 l-3a6Bc.
Provisions—Pork heavy; mess, $12.87a13.00;
prime, $10.50; prime mess. $11.00; mess for Febru
ary, $11.12; March, $14.25. Beef steady; mcss,s!o.ooa
11.00; extra,sll.ooal4.oo; hams active alslS 00a24.00;
ticrco inactive: prime mc85.516.00a17.00; India mess,
$19.00n20.00. Cut meats steady: hams, 9 3-tal2o;
shoulders, 5 l-2aG l-20. Middles steady; long clear,
Baß i-4o; short, Leccmbor and January, 81-10.
Lard steady; No. 1 to prlmo steam, 9a9 l-2o;
kettle, 9 6-8a93-4o; November and January, 9 l-20.
Butter— Steady; Western, 12&230; State, 3la
330.
Cheese—Dull at liaise.
Whiskey—ln fair demand at Plo.
NEW ORLEANS.
New Orleans, Not. 21.—Brbxdstutts—Corn
easier; new yellow mixed, 68nC90; old, 70c; white,
70a71c.
Hay—Scare*: choice advanced; s4o.ooasked.
Groceries—Molasses easier; inferior, 23 l-2a
30o: common, 31a40o; fair, 41a45c; prime, 4fti49c;
choice, SOasie. Sugar easier; inferior, 6a60; fair,
T 3-4«8o; prime, luaio l-2c. Others unchanged.
Monetary—Sterling, 120 3-8; sight, V 8 per cent
discount; gold, ill.
Cotton—Firm and demand good; sales 5,800
hales; good ordinary at 17 3-Bal7 3-4o; low mid
dling. 18al8 l-2o; middling, 18 3-80. Receipts,
2,084 hales. Kxx>ort6—'To Mobile, 84 bales. Stock,
103,218 hales.
TOLEDO.
Toledo, Nov. 21.— Breadstuffs—FIout steady.
Wheat in fair demand, and la2o higher; No. 1
white Michigan, $1.48 amber, $1.44 1-2&1.45 No.
1 red, $1.42 No. 2,51.35. Corn dull and n shade
lower; high mixed, 520 now, 61 l-2o low mixed,
62c; new, 50a5l l-2c; new yellow, 51 l-2a530
■white, 53c new, 511-20. Oats steady; No. 1,
'Sf l-4c; No. 2, 36 l-2e.
Clover Seed—Michigan and Indiana,sß.7s.
Freights—Firm; vessels scarce, and held at
6a5 l-2o to Buffalo, lOallc to Oswego, and Ual2o to
Ogdenshurgh.
Receipts—Flour, 300 brla; wheat 8,000 bu;
corn, 23,000 bd; oats, 3,0f10 bu.
Siiu’sients—Fleur. 1,000 brls; wheat, 14,000 bu.
CLEVELAND.
Cleveland. Nov. 21.—Bubadstufts—Wheat
very doll; holders firmer: No. 1 red winter held
at $1.44. and $1.430 bid: No. 2, SI.3G. Com a«d
oats dull and unchanged.
FstrOlkum —Refined dull and lower ,c 20
21c; car lota, 21 l-2a220 in a way; crudo
nominal at $4.90. rrTtJ
ST. totTTS.
St. Louis, Nor. ai.— Cotton— Quiet at 17 l*2o.
Breadstuff® in good demand; super
winter, $5 aoas.7s extra, te.00a6.25; XX |6.35a
G. 50 r«ni active and higher; demand exceeds
B upp?y; mixed on track, 4Co; yellow sacked, 550.
Oats active and higher; demand exceeds supply;
No;-2 on track, 35c; do sacked, 410. Barlcnr firmer
at 73 for prime Minnesota. Rye firm; No. 9,710.
Whiskey— Steady at 89 l*2c.
Provisions— Pork lower; $13.00. Dry salt meats
unchanged; 10 to twenty days in salt packed
shoulders, 5 l-3a6c; clear rib, G l-4aG I-20; clear. 6
3-40. Bacon firmer; shoulders, 7 5-8o;. clear riba
and clear, 7 3-40. Lard quiet at 8 l-4uß l-2c.
feHoos—Active and firm at $3.8aa4.1*.
Caitls—Unchanged.
Receipts —Flour, 3 000 brls; wheat,• 7,000 bu;
corn r Looobu; oats, 6,000 bu? rye,l,ooohu; bar
ley, 2,000 hu; hogs. 4,000 head.
Vessels Passed Detroit*
Spesial Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Detroit, Hot. 21—Kven’ng. —Passed down—
Props Comet, St. Albans, St, Louis, City of De
troit. Scbra Brigbtie, Frank Crawford, Jessie,
Harvest Queen.
Passed up—None.
Wind—Southwest.
MARRIED.
WEST— PULLMAN—In tills city on tho 20th Inst,
at the residence of tho bride’s brother, Mr. Geo. M.
Pullman, by the Rev. R. IT. Pullman, of Peoria, Mr.
Geo. West, of Boston, and Miss Helen A. Pullman, of
Chicago.
REBAKKS—STEWART—On the 30th Inst by Rev.
Florence McCarthy, Mr. Thomas H. Bebauks and
Miss Kate O. Stewart all of Chicago.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
Jflasonic,
Regular communication of It., W. BIGELOW
LODGE, No. 438, A. P. A.M., will be heM at Lessing
Hall, No. 12 Clinten-st., between Randolph and Lake,
this Wednesday evening, Nov. 22, at Tl-5 o’clock. All
members are requested to bo present
WM. W. LOCK, Secretary.
Jflasonic.
A regular communication of BLANET LODGE,
No. 271, A. F. &A.M., will be held this Wednesday
evening at Masonic Temple, West Bandolph-st.
GEO B. CARPENTER. W, M.
MISCELLANEOUS.
apply xo
CMcap Relief mflAii Society,
AT STANDARD HALE,
For Information as to Letters of Inquiry for
the following persons:
■MR. FRANK WHITCOMBE, formerly with Messrs.
Reid, Murdoch <k Fisher Is anxiously inquired after by
his mother, Mrs. Elisa Whitcombe, of 62 Talbot-roau,
Bayswater, London W., England.
J OHN O’BBIEN, a turner by trade, Is inquired after
by William J. Porter, of Peterson, N. J.
JOHN JONES, formerly at P. D. CUamplln’s, 730
West I-ake-st.. inquired alter by his mother, through
Mr. Edward Woodall, of tho Advertiser, at Oswestry,
England.
WILLIAM MARSHALL, with Hamlin, Halo
Co., is inquired after by Ids sister* Miss Emma Mar.
shall, Cleveland Villas, London-read, Lower Clapton,
GA° T'IIRENNAN. who lived at 179 State
st., and was a sewing.macldno operator, is inquired
alter by her aged parents, through C, C. Fisher, Victo
ry, Mason County, Mich. _
Annie H. Smith is anxious to hear from her brother,
CHARLES W. SMITH. __ _
Mrs. MARY HIGGINS, who lived on North La-
Salle-st.. and her two children, who wore bo anting at
St. Joseph’s Academy with the’ Sisters,'are inquired
alter by T. F. Donnelly, ofXockport, N. Y.
MISS BRIDGET SULLIVAN, formerly living at
No. 92 Desplalnes-st., is anxiously 'lnquired after by
her brother, M. J. Sullivan, Hearts Content Station,
of Malahide, Ireland, makes
earnest inquiry for his eon, who used to live at- 423
BECJKER and JANE BECKER are In
quired after by John C. Seamen, of Gardiner, Ulster
WaT'H’BiATCHFORD, formerly of 28 West Van
Bnrea-st. is inquired after by his mother, through tho
Rev. W. H. Allin, curate of Christ Church, Plymouth,
England.
TO THE PUBLIC.
STASDABD Hall, Not. 21,18T1.
I particularly request that all Persons who feel that
they hare hem treated with incivility, rudeness, or
Sglit hyanyrlsltor. clerk, or other
ctfwUh any District Office ol tho 'SaSer
am RoeietT will at once report the facta to the ssuper
tatrodSt ot the Dfitrict. .Utffig to Him tlm offence
ImpoMlble tocorrcet
«rvii* and abuses, which the officers of the society are
SJ to cSect aa immunity
0411 General Superintendent.'
I hare returned from, the East,- and am- now ready,
p fill orders as uauaL Same terms and prices.
JOHN O. ABHLEMAN,
j\ Wholesale JeweUerJNo.es Wahaah-ar.
BAKERY.
easterners can find oar Fine and Ornamented
i\* the following depots; L. P. Haehnlen,- whole*
retail confectionery. 114 and 116 -West Madl*
V. Carroll, 101 West Madia n-st.; H. Backmln
Stato-sL, near Broadway Market- All orders
above named places will receive prompt at*
C*»\
tern* ai
BOf-Pt,
BUI*,
leraat 1
tendon,
in’s Money Loan Office,
Hi
t Clark and Madlson-sts. All pledgor
the lat of December will be sold.
A. LIPMAK, 614 HiObigaa-aT,
formerly eon'
not ledccmcd
DRT GOODS.
J. B. SHAY,
WHOLESALE
DRT GOODS,
553, 211, 343 215 West Kadison-st,
Will open on Wednesday and
Thursday, November 93 and 93,
twenty-five cases bepel-
EANTS in green, gold, black
mixed and stripes.
THIitTY CASES OF BLEACH
ED and BBOWN CANTON FLAN
NELS, including all tbe leading
brands, from 12c to 30c.
FIFTY BALES OF PLAIN and
FANCY FLANNELS, comprising
a full stock of low-price, plain,
and twilled scarlets.
Full lines of Bleached and
Brown Cottons, Prints, Tickings,
Stripes, Checks, Denims, Cloths,
Cloakings, Table Damasks, Lin
ens, Shawls, Blankets, Quilts,
Felt and Balmoral Skirts, Color
ed and Black Alpacas, and a
picte assortment of Fancy Dress
Goods.
We would call particular attention to
our stock of Notions, Worsted Goods, Nu
bias, ladies’ and Gents’ Hosiery and Un
derwear, Gloves, &c., making the largest
and most varied assortment in this city,
and would especially solicit the attention
of close cash buyers to an inspection of
tbe same:
Orders solicited and promptly filled.
We make the very lowest prices.
AMUSEMENTS.
MICHIGAN AVENUE THEATRE.
Thirtcenth-st. and MlcMgan-sr.
TOIIM COM COMM.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER S3.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER S3.
Old Favorites! New Artists! Sew Pieeei!
Progress! Progress
WOODCOCK’S LITTLE CAME.
(*V,‘
Bex Office now opt n. Forparticalara aoo street bUU
All employes of the Michlgamar. Theatre, are re
quested to attend at the Theatre at 10 a. m., THURS
DAY. Nov. 23.
TO RENT.
TO RENT.
CENTRAL HALL.
Cor. Wabaah-ar. and Tweiity-aecond-ef.
This spacious and elegant Hall, the largest, beat ven
tilated and moat centrally located of/anyat present
in this city, will be finished on the 35th Inst. With, the
Gallery it will seat 1,100 persons.
Managers of lirst-claaa entertainments, who Intend
to visit Chicago during this winter, can now secure
this beautiful Hall on favorable terms. For forthee
information, apply to
JOHN T. APPLEBERT,
Office Central Hall, Cor. Wabadh-ar. and Twenty-
Secomlst
AUCTION SATiTVH.
By GEO. P. GORE CO.,
men’s Kip and Calf BOOTS.
Boys’ and Youths’ A Cf. and Kip
BOOTS.
men’s, Boys’, and Youths’ Bf. and
Cf. Cong,, Bals., Black Crook, Brus
sels, and Cf. SLIPPERS.
Women’s, misses’, and Children’s
Serge, Cf., Goat, and Pebble Bals.,
and Cong., also Leather and Cloth
SLIPPERS.
THE ABOVE STOCK COMPRISES
One Thousand Cases
of cmtrnn-inftdft roods, tint have no superior la the
market for STYLE, QUALITY, or VARIETY,
AT AUCTION, BY CATALOGUE
Oil WEDSESDAY, ROT. 2i, IT 9 1-3 A.*.
GEO. P. GORE CO..
1 and 2 Randolph-sC
B¥ WM. A. BUTTERS A CO.
PEREMPTORY SALE
DRY GOODS,
Woollens, Clothing, Linen Goods, Fancy DiyGoodg,
Germantown Knit Goods, Shirts, Drawers, Hosiery*
Buck and Fancy Gloves, Notions, As.,
AT AUCTION,
On THURSDAY, Hot. 3, at 9t o'clock, at the BSD
FRONT Salesroom, Ho. 3 and 4 East Randolph-st-
Wit. A. BUTTERS A CO-. Auctioneers.
500 Doz. Gloves,
1,000 Ladies’ Skirts,
Entire stock of a ilcrchant Tailor,
AT AUCTION,
On Thursday Morning, N0v.23,
at the RED FRONT Salesroom, 3 and 4 Dear boot
Park, East Raadolph-st.
WIT. A. BUTTERS A CO-, Auctioneers.
No. 79 South Morgan-st.,
GENTEEL FURNITURE,
AT AUCTION, on FRIDAY, Nov. 24, at 10 o'clock, at
Dwelling No. 79 South Morgan st
Wo will sell the entire household effects of a famHyt
consisting of parlor, chamber, dining-room and
kitchen furniture, Brussels carpets, beds, beddlngt
A 0.. Ac. WM. A. BUTTERS A CO., Auctioneers.
THE RED FRONT.
REGULAR SATURDAYS SALE.
AT AUCTION,
HOUSEHOLD GOODS, CARPETS,
Stoves, and other Merchandise, AT AUCTION* on.
SATURDAY, Nov. 25. at 9& o’clock, at tho Red Front
Salesrooms, 3 and 4 East Randnlph-at.
WM. A. BUTTERS CO.. Auctioneers.
HOTELS:
CENTRAL HOUSE,
Reopened on Halsted-st,, oao block ionth of Van Bn
ren-st. New throughout, and open for guests and
first-claAs hoarders. Booms large and very desirable
Tranalent, 12.50 per day. O G OILL Proprietor.
BUSINESS CARDS.
DR. HENRY OLIN,
OCUI.IST AJO AUKIMT,
Has again resumed business at 240 West Hadlson«sL».
where Hols prepared with all modem appliances fop
the relief of the deaf and-bllnd.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION.
The copartnership heretofore existing under, ft*
firm name of Hotchkiss. Eddy Co., has heendia--
solved by mntnal consent.
Aug. N. Eddy la alone authorized to settle
ness of the firm, and use its name In liquidation*'
Sovsmher 4,157 L
A.N.EDDY,
WHOLESALE
HATS, CAPS, FURS,
AND BUCK GOODS.
N 0.167 M lchigan*a^'
DISSOLUTION.
The copartnership heretofore- existing between-the
undersigned, and known aa htenry
Real Estate Agents, la this day
consent, and Henry Whippy w* ll
ngs at Boom 8. nortHwoatooCTcr
ro p.asiTBER.
iIHSUBANCEF
HOLMES 05 POLICIES
in the PEOP‘LX’B Insurance Company, ot Ban Fro*,-
cisco?and LAMAR. of Chicago, covering property,
not destroyed by the late
same to west Monroo-aL, Chicago, (or cancell Uioa.
r. o'psi?lSOM. Atßuster for the-Peoplefa
ZOR&&LE.
BRICKS.
A largo quantity of baadsomo rod bricks at a bar*
gain. Gallon B. A. CUMiUNOSj J7O Wabaskar.*
from U to 1 o'clock.
3