COOK COUNTY POLITICS.
Meeting of tlie BcpuMlcan and
Democratic Central
Committees.
The Day Spent in Vain Efforts
to Agree Upon a Fusion
Ticket.
Nominations Made For AH the
Important Offices by the
Republicans.
Another Attempt to he Made To-day
to Unite with the Democracy.
Speech of Governor John M. Pal
mer Counselling Unity of
Action.
Republican Control Committee.
The Republican Central Committee of Cook
County met at 10 o’clock yesterday morning In Ike
High School. .Mr. Charles 11. Reed In the chair.
Mr. CASSETTE moved the appointment of a
committee of five to lay down a line of action to
K- adopted in negotiating with the Democratic
committee.
Aid. SCHAFFNER was opposed to fusion tick-
ets. and wanted a straight one.
Mr. GEORGE W. GAGE offered the following:
That in tbe opinion of this committee
it is desirable to attempt to carry out tbe resolu
tion passed by this committee yesterday.
The motion was adopted by the following vote:
Gage. C. 11. Reed. M, Schmitz, George Fleeman
Henry Pilgrim. W. S. Carter, C. K. Matson. H. B.
Miller, S. K. Dow. James L. Uuirk, John Vaut
out, James I* Stork, 11. B. Bogue. S. 11. Mc
t rea. and W. X. Biainard.
.Vrxj—Max Scbnler, Conrad Folz, L. Scbaffner.
and w. G. Waterman.
The motion made by Mr. Cassette prevailed,
nnd Messrs. Cassette. Miller. Stark. McCrcaaml
P<*w were named as the committee.
Having gone out and come back. Mr. Cassette
nnlng as Chairman. rcrnmmi»nd<«i »h*« tu**- u»i
Kate Republican* to all the vacant offices, except
city Treasurer, City Attorney, four County Com
j-iissionera, Aldermen mid Constable!}, lo
tbo Sixth. Seventh, Eighth. Ninth.
Eighteenth and Twentieth Ward*, which wore to
fa- conceded to tho Democrat*. By that deal the
Republicans would lose nothing la the Council
and the few C otnmissioners allowed tbo Demo
mils could work no Injury to the city.
Th« report was adopted.
Mr. KNICKERBOCKER mewed the appointment
of a committee of three to Inform tho Democratic
Convention of the action of their body.
The motion was carried, and Messrs. Knicker
bocker, Dixon and Schmitz were made the com-
mittee.
While that committee was out Mr. Cassette, of
the other committee, submitted tho following,
iirmea a* the euggeni on of the committee of the
proper persons to fill the offices:
Judge of Superior Court—John A. Jamieson,
Judge of Circuit Court—Joreph r. Clarkson.
i'ollce Commfasioncr—Fred Gund.
County Sarveyer—Alexander Wolcott.
State Senator—Artcmus Carter.
County Commlwflot ere—Julius White, S. H.
McCrea, John Crawford. N. B. Judd. J. 11.
(.’lough. Conrad Selpp. Manccl Talcott, P. Schnt*
tier, J. C. Daine?, James L. Stark, Julian S. Rum-
eey and John Hertlng.
M-.yo —Joseph Mldlll, J. B. Rice or He o ry
Grean«-b-um.
police Court Clerk—C. IL Ma**on.
City Collector—Geo. V-n Hollaud.
Count Trea*ar. r—C. H. H »m.
N»uib S deColl dor—J. W. Tadpen.
W *i Sde-D.Klo-t.ch.
Nor h Side—Pc-t rMabr.
N nth Side Supervisor—Fred. Tnttle.
West Side —Clanc Gelb.
North SI e—Wm. V-eke.
South Sid- Clerk—S. \V. King.
West Side—Benj. (Jnlrk.
Nonb Side—L. Mattem.
Aldermen—First Ward, C. T. Bowen; Second.
Arthur Dixon; Third, J. W. McGiunfa; Fourth.
Murry Nelson; Fifth, U. B. Stone; Tenth, Wm.
11. Thompson: Eleventh. Henry Sweet; Twelfth.
M. Heath; Thirteenth. George Sherwood: Four
teenth, Ezra Cleveland; Fifteenth. C. W. Putter;
Sixteenth. Thomas Stoat; Seventeenth, Charles
Flntow Nineteenth, 11. D. Ogden.
Police Magistrate*—John Summerffald. P. L.
Hatikinson, Dr. W. H. Stlckncy. and George M.
Miller.
Mr. CASSETTE paid tbo Democratic Central
Committee would pooh return an answer.
Mr. GAGE hoped they would be In no hurry.
There was two weeks to act and it wan time
enough. Let them confer with the people, lie
would ike to take a list and confer with the best
jHtriion of the people. He moved to postpone
action until to-day at 10 o'clock.
II B. MILLER did not want to wait any longer.
If they should act let them act at once. If they
went out they would bo bothered by a hundred
men who wanted office. He moved to lay the
motion upon tbe table.
Mr. N. ILJUDDJwas in favorof immediate action.
for If they went oat without action, they would
not leave a thin upon hie back. They should act
then and at once. He did not expect the ticket
would go through without opposition. lie hoped
Mr. Gage would withdraw bin resolution.
Mr. GAGE would withdraw hla motion if they
wore going to vote it down.
A {notion to nominate candidates for the vacant
offices was carried.
The following nominations were made;
For Judge of Superior Court—John A. Jamie
eon.
For Judge of Circuit Court—Joseph S. Clark
fon.
For Police Commissioner—Frederick A. Gnnd;
ttuna, u o o Aa'(irVl!?oA'lmo';^'•''' Vr
Mr.SCIuJLBR nominated Otto nertlnir.
Mr. GAGE would like to hear from Mr. Uniter or
Mr. Folz on that Mnhjeqt, The iwople might be
dissatittfiod with tbe nomination of old office
holders.
Mr. FOLZ was In favor of Gund.
ROBERT CLARK snld Mr. Guud was the only
man wbo etood up to Mark Sheridan, and told him
t» keep bis place.
Mr. KNICKERBOCKER said Gund was the ln*rt
man presented, and that was the only reason he
went for him. As an executive officer he did not
amount to anythin". The reason Mark Sheridan
controlled the board was because be was tbe only
man of brains on it.
Mr. GAGE Dominated A- R. Burley.
At this time the sub-committee of the Demo
cratic Central Committee reported a rei-olotlon
passed by that body, to the effect that thuv would
Join the Central Republican Committee In noirtl
natmg a joint ticket for all offices to be tilled, to
l> based on a lair representation of both parties.
That was received.
The Democratic Central Committee then re
girted that they declined tbe proposition made by
(he Republican Committee, and asked fora sub
committee to confer with them.
Mr. JUDD moved a sub-committee be raised and
ordered to confer, and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSETTE. of the sub-committee, re
jiorted that tbe Democratic Committer projwsed
to take two out of every five of the officers. He
thought tbe Republicans had made all the couc-m
--1-ions necessary. They bad suggested they should
liavc one ofibe Jodgos. but he told them they bad
two already, and one in the Supreme Conru He
thought their demands extravagant.
Mr. WHITE asked him if the democrats’bad not
two votes out of every five to the county.
Mr. CASSETTE believed they had.
Air. H. B. MILLER moved to Instruct the com-
sulttce to And oat wdat tho Democrats wanted.
Mr. DOW said that would only complicate their
Mr. WHITE paid there were 35.000 voters Id the
ounty, of which, according to a recent vote. tha
Democrat* cast 14.000 and the Republicans 21.000
The Republican sub-committee rented.
Ur. GAGE withdrew -he name of Mr. Bariev as
Police CommlMionernndnominated Jacobßehm.
Mr. FOLZs&ld he would not take U.
.Mr. GAGE said bo would, and the community
wnaldprefer* new man.
E.S.tATLOR -aid that Mr. Ilehm was a rest lent
cl Lake View, which uLqua ill d him.
Mr. GAGBn mlnatcd otto Hartmig.
Mr. JUDD wanted to k ow if Rchtu would take
(he place. U was necessary to have a German,
lie w»* saUfl d t->at Kchm wood not taka Ir,
►i «ce It mieh be bad filth t Gui.d.
Ur. GaGE raid the cou>snnntty regarded the
board a* ineffl-i.nt, Ur. Rebm wa< as go da
Germs*- a« Onnd.
Ur. W niTEsatd the dnmmunltv expected them
to make changes la the rollce* Board, or the v
would do it for them.
A ballot was held resulting. Onnd, 13: Rcbm. {I.
The next nomination to be mode was for County
Treasurer.
11. B. MILLEE made a speech against the noml-
Uou of Ham. whom he thought should have with
drawn like himself. He nominated Fritz Mctxke.
a German, who had been burned out.
Mr. WHITE aald it was known be was friendly to
Mr. Phil. Wadsworth, but the latter would not run.
H thought it indecorous in Mr. Ham to se<*k the.
office. He already had one worih $-1.o»W. Mr.
White closed by nominating Julian s. Kuim-ey.
E. S. TAYLOR nominated Henry Harms.
A ballot was bad resulting—Rumsey.3; Ham. 11:
Mctxke, 3; Harms. 8.
The sub-committee, through Mr. CASSETTE,
then reported ihat the Democrats wanted a Circuit
foart Judge, six County Commissioners, City
Treasurer. City Attorney, one Town Supervisor.
Collector and Clerk, ono Police Magistrate, eight
Aldermen and Constables, aud the Police Com
missioner or City Collector. _
After some discussion, Mr. JUDD offered the fol
lowing as a Republican ultimatum: “Five Com
missioners, City Treasurer and Attorney, one
Town Supervisor and Clerk, one Police Magis
trate. and seven Aldermen and Constables.* 1
The list was adopted.
The Commutes reported they had conferred
v. ith the Democrats, who Insisted on one Judge of
the Ctrcnlt Court.
Mr. GAGE was willing to concede It, If he knew
their candidate.
Mr. JUDD thought the Republicans had been
generous In giving what thev bad offered. He was
opposed to yielding the Judgeship.
Mr. REEL) was also opposed to anything of the
knd.
Mr. JUDD moved tho committee insist on its
jjlflmcluaj.
It was agreed to.
U. IS. MVLUEii moved to reconsider the vote by
which a County Treasurer was nominated. He
thought there was some sharp practice in the nom
ination.
The motion was not entertained.
Mr. MILLLU said nnder the circumstances he
should not be bound by the nomination. He ap
pealed fronrthc decision of the Chair.
The CHAIR was sustained.
iff. wanted to know what became of
the nominations if the JJcmocrau did not agree.
He was informed the*- were worthless.
*Hr. Walcott was nominated as County Sur
vevpr.
The pqmloation for Senator was passed.
JcHob While vyas Dominated a# County Com
tnUaiooer from the First Districts. U. Macrae
from the Second, John Crawford from the Third.
Charles U. Hitchcock from the Fourth, Mr. Judd
declining.
'•‘bo following names were then snhmitted:
c j.' -lohjxU. Clough. Conrad Sclpp; West
,uc l P.Scbntiler; NortnSide,
bide, Man cel Talcou Jones
James L. Stark and William \r®“«*
was suggested instead of Mr. Clough, but was
jut on.
When this list was submitted. Aid. DIXON ob-
Jected that there was not the name of a single re
peclatle Irishman upon it.
W. K. bULtiv'AN had notlc-ed the same thing,
aud wanted that nationality represented on the
ticket. 4
Mr. ROBERT CLARKE nominated Charles Hol
land from the South Division.
Mr. CASSETTE explained that. In making oat
the Hat, they bad. decided to put on none belong
ioS to the did Board ot Supervisor*.
The propriety of potting on John Jones for
political reasons waa discussed at length.
VOLUME 25,
Commluloocra to como from the northwest part
pUce Clt SDcl 116 SQ Westea O. W. Potter for the
T Mr vS. DII ?K nominated William H. Dlxod.
Joseph Harris, Pcior Button, and Edward Thomp
6on,*were al»o nominated.
A vote being taken, Mr. Schattier wta nomin
ated.
The Democratic Committee at tills moment
came la. and, through Mr. Garrick, submitted the
following:
Whenai, Owing to the great calamity that Las
befallen onr city, and believing that politics should
not be raised at the coming election; and that ail
parties should be united for the bet-1 imerubls of
our county ami city, and that tbe Cook County
Democratic Central Committee having, in a epint
of concession, offered to unite; on one ticket tak
ing the follow ingoftlcre a» the jus*t proportion to
which wo are justly entitled, to wu, aJml-'aof
the Circuit Court, licing otic of two, City Treas
urer, City Attorney,'one Town Collector out of
three, one Supervisor out of three, one Clerk of
three, one Police Commissioner or City Collector
one Magistrate our of three, six County Commit
alonersout of fifteen, eight Aldermen oui of twen
ty, and eight Constables out of twenty: and
W/itreat, The Cook County Republican Central
Committee have rejected said proposition and In
sist that they will only concede to the Demo
cratic party the following offices. to-wif Five
Commissioners out of fifteen. City Treasurer Citv
Attorney, one Town Supervisor out of three’, one
clerk out of throe, one Police Magistrate out of
three, seven Aldermen out of twenty, and -even
Constables out of twenty; therefore,
"J!etplc«i, 'That the Cook| County Democratic
Committee cannot, with respect to ihem-elvc*
•0410 c people or the count? iod city, nccoft
mifair and onjosl a pro position as tlt'at offered by
the said Republican Central Committee ami
therefore, leave the people of said citv and countv
free to act aa they shall deem facet for their own
interests under the circumstances.*’
Tbev then retired to wait for a reply,
Mr. lIEED opposed makiuß m, funher oomi
atioos.
Mr. RASTER moved they adjourn to meet to
morrow t» ana: ge f. ra convention.
JIr.JDDD mined they have a RepaWiam con.
vco:io.j Moud iy next. The co nmuntca?! ,a pre
sented to them, cl. sed the do r. and s -lf-respect
d roaudedof the Republicans, togoabmgwith Ihoir
org iii zaliou.
R. S. TAYLOR thought It was {or the bct-t that
they shonld have an union ticket.
Mr. JUDD withdrew his motion.
Mr. RASTER movetLio adjourn till to morrow.
Nine Republican strength was the Mint* as la*t
year, they were making conceptions, hut Uwy did
not know their strength. This union wmt a tri.ee
for a year. They meet i„ ..u..-
lion and mere w'aa a no-s.bUlly of it.
Mr. OAUBEKT hoped the aub-commiltow would
tbo Democrats and he believed they m ght
arrive nt :i conclus on. Tbe l)cm.»-; r ats wanted a
Judge, and they might Meet a must nnobjeciioti
able man.
Major PHELPS was opposed to any lurth t r con
cca-luns to Democrat*.
11. B. MILLER said tho Democrats believed
6.U00 Republicans had left tho city, ar.d be «(in
doubtfnl of the result of a city election. There
was but a slight difference Imlwecu them, and be
thought thev could com. r mlw*.
C. H. KEEL) m vedacomraittec Im *eut to tho
Democrat* t say they could avo the .Judge.
Mr- FARWELL hoped the committee would go
ut once and oiler tho Judge.
The motion was agreed to.
After h long interval of tim*. the comraittre re
turned and ctaied th.t the Democratic Cen.rul
Commlttoo rejected tho 111000*111011.
Mr. PARWEIX Kiid lie had proposed to got
them one Town Collector and another County
Commißeioncr. They said they would relenqnish
the City Attorney if they could bare the City Col
factorship, hut that he did not want to do He
thought Ashton nnd Garrick were ready to com
firomW, but the other* would not. Ue niw milli
ng for them to do, at the present Juncture, than to
call a convention.
11. B. MILLER moved they fasue a call for a
convention next Tuesday and city primaries on
Monday-county delegates already elected to
havo beats.
J. C. KNICKERBOCKER still had hopes they
coaid make a anion, and liclievcd they had better
wait two or three days before they called a conven
tion. It took much money to make the fight.
The Democratic Committee reported that thev
would give up the City Attorney and take the L’iiv
Collector. J
Mr. FARWELL was deputed to aav they could
have all they asked for except City Collector.
Mr. CASSETTE said If this foiled, all they
could do was to call a convention.
After a time Mr. FARWELL said Mr. Ashton
asked time, thinking he could accomplish what
bo des red.
It was resolved to go on with nominations.
A note was read from Mr. SCIIUTTLER clccllu
ng to be a candidal for West Side Commissioner
mil resigning m favor of Joseph Harris.
Messrs. Harris and Talcott were put in nomina
ion.
Mr. J. L. STARK moved to proceed to nominate
a Mayor.
The motion was lost.
John Hertlng was nominated from the North
aide.
mural STARK eaid ho would not take the
but thought Robert Clark the bun man. aud
..t'ud be be nominated.
Mr. McRAE Haiti If any member of the old board
*aa pat on he would rusl^Tj.
The matter wa« passed over.
It was acnin moved that the nomination for
Mayor be made, aud It waa ho ordered.
Gt*i
place.
Medill, J. B. Itice.pmd Henry Grecne
banm were put in nomination.
Mr. GAGE would have preferred J. 11. Rice. but.
seeing the necessity of union, be would waive his
preferences and vole for Medill.
Mr. FAUWELI.saldif the Democrats were offi
cially Informed, they could have the Circuit
Judge, six County Commissioners, one Town Col
lector, and one more Alderni-in.
Mi. JUDD wanted to know where the Alderman
was to come from. They were given tho Sixth.
Seventh. Eighth, Ninth, Eighteenth, Twentieth,
and Fourth. What other would they give them?
11. U. MILLER moved they have the Seven
teenth Ward.
Doubts were expressed whether the election of
Aldermen could be controlled in that way.
It was moved to amend by striking out the
Fourth Ward.®Several gentlemen declined to be
bound by anv action in relation to Aldermen.
That was for the people of tho wards to decide.
Mr. FAKWELL was authorized also to submit to
the Democracy the proposition that they do noth
ing concerning Aldermen.
Mr. MATSON thought, the people of the Elev
enth Ward were beet qualified to select their rep
rcaentatlve.
1». «li.t.nn v.,1 ,11 attuey vunuue I licm
eelve* to genera. cuuntyand cltv officers.
J. C. KNICKERBOtKF.It Mid the Aldermen
wore just the people to be looked to. and he had
come there chiefly to get a good Alderman In bis
ward. The people cared more about the Alder
men tbsn County Treasurer. Ac.
Mr. FARWELL was authorized to offer the
eight Aldermen.
The roll call for Mayor was then concluded, re
sulting: Medtll. 13; Rice, 1; Grccnohanm. i.
Mr. Medlll’a uomiention was made uiuiuimous.
V. it Matson wn» nominated for Police Court
Clerk. Geo. Van Rollon for Ciiy Collector, and J.
\V. Taupau for West Side Collector.
1). Klueiach was pot in nomination for West
Side Collector.
Aid. DIXON nominated Captain.Bart Quirk in
order to do justice to tbe Irish Republicans.
Mr. RASTER thought there were *0 few of them
as compared with the Germans that it was hardly
necessary. The Germans bad not received thoir
proper representation-
Mr. SULLIVAN asked, a-* a simple matter of
justice, that Mr. Quirk be put <m the ticket.
Mr. FARWELL said the »cmocrata hud accepted
their preposition, and would meet at 10 to-day to
ratify It.
Mr. MILLER said they had bettor adjourn till
to-morrow mormug, and then they would haves
better reeling. They might have in vacate some
of the nominations they had already made.
The motion to adjonru till li> was lost.
Some one then wanted the X’olosaud Bohemians
given a place.
Frank Newark was nominated as Collector, as
waa also Captain McGrath.
The result was announced: Kluetsch. 10; Quirk,
6: js’owark, 1: McGrath,
Governor PALMER. At Ibis time. His Excel-
leucy, the Governor of Illinois, came ln:o the
room, and was requested to makes few remarks,
which be did substantially as follows: You have
jo»t one thing to do, nod that I*, to look after die
interest* of the city of Chicago and this County oi
Cook. When 1 look at your city, and see your
wants, and recollect the relations of Chicago to i he
State of Illinois, it seems to me tha-
I can only advise you to look
to tha interest* of the city, by selecting the men
throughout the whole city who will beat accom
plish the ©Meet you have m view, and that is to
build this city up again lu the shortest possible
space of time. I believe npon ordinary occasions
where panv politics arc conceited, I enter warmly
Into the matter, but there are occasions when
there are Interest* that cannot be well accom
plished simply by party agencies, and It i- Im
portant that yon should have the benefit o.
united effort when your object is to Inspire
public confidence ic yottr undertakings, it is a
tact that what you want now la to inspire public
confidence In your counsels and your parlies, aud
carry forward your works for ihe restoration of the
city in the beat possible manner. You want to
invoktrtbe business sense, the money sente, the
patriotic seiuo of your people, and combine them,
and bring them to bear. 1 should like to know.
If 1 coaid, without sacrificing higher
lot. rest*, th i you b*d h Id you. convention. ..nd
el aoc t the D<-m eraUuut. aud y<.u could do it t
twice a* much of the city was Luiut, because 1
expect ih Dem c.ata have I el m< re th.,n >ou
hav« in these load* that have be- shipped off.
When I s»w last night that ill g* bor. thinking
men of Chicago bad resolved to uul e for oucj to
•el ct ti.e best m n for the adv.ncenunt of the
inters* of yonr c only ntd city, 1 regarded It as
ona ef the beat movement* 1 had seen lu resp ct
to yonr local politics. Tho Legislature ha* appro
priated three millions tor the cltv, hut your wants
will far exceed that. Ido not say it to discourage
you, butevery time that I ride across this burut
district, and at every conference I have with your
officers, the magnitude of yourwant* grow# upon
me. 1 was at a conference with the Mayor and
Comptroller, and officer* of yonr cjty government,
and I asked them to give me a state
ment of their want*, and before they had gotten
through the threw millions were nearly
eaten up. tVben yon sit down and Hunk of the
requlrem bis and public want* of year city, they
grow until hey reach friph’faf proper lons.
Then lu making yonr nominations take care of
I the city of phlcago. This is an off-year In poll
-1 ilc*,and next year you pan take «.ff your coats and
go to work and give your feelings free play.
U. B. MlLLtll moved to adjourn before anv
more oomlua ions were mado.
Ano her ballot was had for West Bldccollectoi.
re«n ting: Kleutch, 11: Oulrk.S.
They thou adjourned till this morning at 10
o'clock.
The Democracy.
A meeting of the Democratic County Commit
tee, St- Clair Sutherland presiding, was held In the
High School Building: r p
Soon after tbev were called to order. Mr. GAR
RICK moved that they organize, and that all not
belonging to tbc committee leave the room.
REDMOND SHERIDAN moved to lay It on the
table, since there were several prominent Demo
crats, llkej John Comlekcy, E. F. Runyan, James
Ennis, etc., who happened to be present, aud who
would be excluded ny Mr. Garrick's motion.
That gentleman explained that after they bad
consulted with the Republicans as to the hivlston
of offices, had made out their lists of nominees
and agreed npoa them, he was In favor of calling
together the iiient-of the-pemocraev and submit
ting to their consideration what liad oeen done.
The motion to lay on the table was lust, and all
not members of the committee withdrew. Some
ofjthem, who belonged to the old City Committee,
felt a little Irritated, and wanted to revive that or
ganization and gal np a ticket, hot the nqdertak
iDg fell through.
The committee then went on with Its business,
first making up the list of offices which it thought
the Democrats should bare, and after that had
oabmltted, remaining In sessiou to listen to
rr otn the other side.
Ingwhen, aided by» committee ..f Bvd .rom each
dlvUloo, they win make nominations to fill iht,
offices allotted the^i-
Auction Holes.
Wm. A Bnttera A* Co. have' nearly completed
their now building on Dearborn Park. They arc
I located directly opposite their old stand on Ran-
I dolph street. They are now receiving goods- for
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE.
AX IEE-FATEI) CRAFT.
Loss of the Schooner E. F. Meas
lier on Lake Michigan—Five of
the Crew Drowned-AUeged In
humanity of a Tug Captain-
Statement of Survivors.
The gale which wrought such wholesale de
struction in Chicago must have done an immense
amount of damage to the shipping on the Jakes,
details of several disasters having already reached
us. For the following we arc indebted to Joseph
Mcdcrsjan, mate of tie vend, aid S. A. 1-ctcnon,
ono of the seamen:
On October 5 the schooner R. p. Meaner, owned
by Mr. Steed, of this city, Captain Thomas Daly,
left this port for Saginaw, freighted
with flour, wheat, pork, and beef.
On Sunday night, October 8, the encountered a
severe gale, and at 3:30 o'clock on tbe following
morning, while the fire was spreading Its ravages
along tbe river hank, and Just marching across,
the schooner atrnck a rock on Crane Island, and
rapidly filled with water. At 10 o'clock she was
quite waterlogged, but remained fast on the rock.
The crew were taken oIT by a fishing boat, and con-
vejed to Mackinaw, where preparations wetc im
mediately taken to get the vessel off. The
captain engaged the wrecking tug
Leviathan and two steam pumps
and returned to the vessel. He: cargo, with the
exception of the pork and beef, was hopelessly
ruined, but what remained of value was shipi»cd to
Mackinaw. After considerable labor the
steam pump- were rigged, and the vc
scl sufficiently lightened to bo taken off,
which man louvre was successfully aecom
plishcd on hatnrday morning. Toward mid
dnv the wind rose again, and at 4 o'clock blew a
gale, the force of which may be Imagined Iw those
whose houses in Chicago rocked' and
threatened to come down. The steam
pumps were kepi continually at work,
and by their u-c the sdiooner
was kept afloat. The n.-rdainut engineer of the tug
wao on hoard the schooner, superintending the
pumps, and at 4 o'clock he reported the coal ncarlv
otl To odd to their woes the ton ing-llnc dipped,
and the crew of the waterlogged schooner prepared
to lei co her anchor
poi n.ffi oi me uig. and anchor and tackle were
lost. A heavier line was then secured, and Che tug
commenced to tow the vessel to some
point near Sturgeon Bav. At mid
night the wind uted off, and the assist
ant engineer renewed his demand for
coaU but no notice was taken of It. He maintain
od that there was not enough to keep the engines
nt work, and should the wind rise again the
seboouer must certainly sink. The sea wai calm
enough to admit of the mg’* getting alongside and
giving In a supply of coal, but no effort was made
todoso. M**. Ellsworth.owner, and Mr. White,
Captain ol the tag. were both aboard of her.
A i fl o'clock u- xt morning tho wind cam e in a
gale from the north, northweet, and tho schooner
rolled terribly, the tug meanwhile head
lug lor tho open soa. and
taking tbo schooner out also.lhc avowed object of
Captain Wright being to make for Travcree Bav,
the male ot the vessel Insisting that Sturgeon
Bay, and eecurlty were only tweotv mlnut-ts dis
tance. At 4 o'clock the assistant engineer aignai
led the tug that the coal woe out, and the pump?
therefore useless. hut no noilco was taken ot
the signal. No hope of salvation remaining to the
crew of the hflifies* schooner, strdcr*
were given to cut the low-hue.
ect nail, and try .ind make
fur the beach. It was a desperate chance; the
beach was was three mifasofl; the bchooaerfull
of water, and the prospect* dark for her living
ten minute*. The order* were obevel, asd the
tow line cm. But it wa» too late. Two mJnulcß
later ihe schooner filled and caprited. All baud*
crawled Into the rigging to save their lives, there
being, iu addition lo the crew, the assistant en
gineer and fireman of the tug, mikin',
in all. nine men. By dayhglli
five only out of tbo nine were
found clinging to the wreck, while about half a
mile to leeward a man waa teen clinging to a
plank. Ho held ou for a lime, bat in half an
hour he bad quit bis hold, and died. A chore dig.
lance to windward the tog Leviathan was ob
served lying to, but apparently no attempt wa*
made lo rescue ihe men trout the wreck, Mxortly
before 11 o'clock another man dropped from the
rigging from exhaustion, and only four of the
nine remained.
In half an hour a fishing boat bad come to the
rescue, and the pSur men, frozen almost to death,
were taken ashore and kindlv received by the
charitable people of Emmui County, Mich., who
gave them what clothing they could, and fed them
tree of charge. On Monday the mata and owner
of the tug Leviathan arrived upon the scene.
They expressed great surprise at finding
that any of the crew of the seboouet
had escaped destruction. Those who were
saved were the assistant engineer,
ofthe tug, the male of the schooner, the steward.
Sam. Morris; and a sailor named Peterson. The
Captain, fireman of the tug, and three men were
lost.
On Tuesday they re-embarked on tho tug, and
were taken to Milwaukee, whence they arrived lu
Chicago on Saturday night last. In latr condltlou
but resenting bitterly the behavior of the Captain
of the tug Leviathan.
OFFICIAL COXSCLTATIOX
Meeting Between Governor Palmer and
tho City Officers—The State lioan.land
How it Should Be Applied.
Governor Palmer yesterday invited the city offi
cer* to meet bimat tbe Sherman House and dis
cuss things generally. Accordingly last evening
the Mayor, members of tbo Common Council,
Boards ol Health, Police, Public Works, and Edu
cation, the City Comptroller, Corporation Counsel'
Commissioner of Taxes, and other gentlemen, as
sembled in Koom No. 3, where they were received
by the Governor.
Governor Palmer, the Canal bill havirg been
read, eald ho regarded the money as innmnHuaJ
ontor Iho State Treason tor a .peclllc punxKc.
nnaer me suspcrvliion of the Governor In ways
specified in tho bill. He cave It aa his opinion
that, though the act provided for the expenditure
of money on the city, the InloroW of the city
would demand that the county should not bo m-g
--tectcd.
General McArthur inquired whether the sum
would be considered a» applicable to the repair of
tunnels, sidewalks, etc.
The Governor thought ••structures'* would be
found as long as the money was forthcoming. Bni
he thought the sum named iu the act would. 01
itself. I>c inadequate to rebuild everything. He
added that it would be two years before the whole
sum could bo paid, and that the city could exjnet
no sum by taxation until July next.
General Me Arthur said it would cost $'200,000 to
rebuild tbe bridges destroyed.
The Governor raid that was more than be had
hoped, hut. were bo the supreme ruler of the
city, ho would rebuild the bridges immcdiatelv.
lie thought it was the great want at present.
After considerable desultory conversation on
tho manner of applying and drawing tho money
provided in the act, tho police regulations became
the topic.
Commifsioncr Brown, wbo represented that dc.
partment, cxpreeeed an opinion the reverse of
flattering to the Merchants’ and other police, es
pecially the prhatc detective*. He complained
that there wu» no legislation that could interfere
with their trade.
The Governor thought tho grand juries could
stop this business. Ue believed that the dole t*
of which people were perpetually complaining
were due to the people themselves. The board
made some estimates of the amount required
bv them for running tbe Police and
Fire Departments, and complained of the addition
al number of men required in each department t.>
meet present exigencies. Ills Excellency thought
a smaller force of efficient men would d 5 as well,
but feared that for Ibe salary offered the board
would experience great difficulty in obtaining
them.
The conversation was of aoch anatnro that hot
very little could ho riven of any interest. It is
understood that by July next there will befl.MW
wXilu the city Treasury from the following sources:
In iho Treasury at present fStXJ.OoO; trom the Illi
nois Central Kailroad sg3d.olo on January 1; f jO.cuu
trom the Canal Trustees; f&'iO.WM from taxes nud
fttfrUHUlu July from the Illinois Central Railway.
Aft. r lb«. genilenu u re.lr.:d. the G«v rno re
n e-t d lb*- m niters of the Board of Police an
Fire Commissioner* to favor him wit. a s. on
conversation. which, bcicgof a private nature, we
arc unable to give.
REPORTS FROM THE COURTS
ALLEGED INSANITY OF A SAFE DEALER.
Samuel 11. Harris was before Judge Rogers in
this conrt. the County Court net being in session,
upon a question as to his sanity. Mr. Harris Is the
same person who has been largely engaged in the
business of selling safes in this city. The pell
tlonwas presented by Elijah T. Harris, his son,
representing that there bad been a condition of
lurauitv since Thursday last. It would seem that
the patient was absent from the city during the
fire, and upon bis return forwarded such exten
sive orders to Boston that op agent was tent here to
investigate the case. 1! appeared that be bad
lad. attempted to purchase, or bad purchas'd,
the First Baptist Church. He also attempted to
negotiate the purchase or lease of several blocks
of buildings of building* on Canal street, through
Mr. Lawrence, who has lately officed with him* as
well as the ScotHlc Block, and some other pieces
of property. H-soemsalso to have believed that
other safe dealers had entered into a conspiracy
against him. as well as that be was a special aid
oT General Sheridan, subject only to bis immedi
ate orders. There have also been developed acts
of violence in his household.
DRAFT TOPPED.
An attachment was sued ont*by the City Nation,
ai Bank of Grand Rapids, Mich., against D. L.
Latourvtte. with garnishment against the Fourth
National Bank. The plaintiff allegea an indebt
edness or 21.1W1 upos a bill of exchange, of the
date of October 6, 1371. The defendant is charged
a* anon-resident, being of the State of Michigan.
HEAVY DEMAND IN B.U) TIMES.
An action of assumpsit was commenced by Ma
rianne S. Wcs;oa against James and Peter Dalton,
in which Uernaod J; for o.
An action on the case fbr an alleged libel w a i
brought by Max SchveizJr ataihSt Alexander
Moody and Timothy T. Verdler, In which the dam
ages are laid at fiffi.OOO. A capias was soed out
against the defendants upon substantially .he fol- 1
lowing e atumeot of fac s. The plaintiff t-Ia cs j
tha he was heretofore carrying on n largo and
fioarirblng restaurant, and was, nutil the fate fire
occurred, the owner of a large business block on
the corner of Lasille and Madison streets in this
city. For rente and Incomes ol his business bis
receipt* or profit* were from fi\ e
to tix thom-and dollars. By the
fire bia block and business were destroyed, but
be had rooted hall and a dining-room, where he
was preparing to renew his buflness. for which
purpose he had purchased necessary and proper
articles upon a large scale upon tho faith-Of his
credit. Nevertheless whlfh the defendants,
talselv, wickedly, and maliciously brought suit, bv
attachment, against him, charging that be is
about fraudulently to conceal, assign, aud other
wise dispose of his property so as to hinder and de
lay his creditors.** Also, that he concealed him
self to avoid the service of process, which affidavit,
being the basis of legal process, has been largely
published to the further Injury of hie credit and
character.
Chicago itewiberi In !Vevr Tork.
foyu after tbc great fire a party of Chicago
newsboy* put their hesda together, and, conclud
ing that mercantile iraneactjdna in their line were
curtain to become more or lce>a hazardous
son of too many dealers for'the territory, they re
so'ved to proceed In a body to New York, with a
To the Chicago Relief tod Aid Society is in
trusted the responsibility of the distribution of
supplies of food, fuel and clothing to the needy of
our city. With generous donations pouring in on
every hand, and with multitudes of sufferers of all
clashes presenting their claims, tn the first hurry
and excitement and gush of sympathy, every in
fluence will he toward a generous and liberal
distribution of supplies: but remember that
wtffck we wfllWc* flghthungcr* cold!
and nakedness from the dwellings of our tioof.
I am fully justified lu saying that. In taklag into
account the amount of relief funds ami
stores received or reported to dale, and
those likely to oe received hero
after, without the most rigid economy in their
disbursement, mid winter is lUtelv to And ns with
our treasury bare, with out-door labor to a large
extent necessarily suspended, and with a city full
of poor looking to tu for food and fuel. You
will, therefore, see the pressing necessity that
not a single dollar be appropriated for persons
able to provifln for themselves, no matter how
strongly their claims may be urged by themselves
or others. Every carpenter or mason can now
tiarn from three to four dollar* per day, erery la-
Imrer two dollars, every half-grown boy oudol
lar. every woman capable of doing household
work from two to three dollars per week
and her lioanl, cither in the city
or country. Clerks and persons unaccustomed to
out-door labor. If they cannot find such employ
ment a* they have been accustomed to. must take
»nch ns Is offered, or leave the city. Any man,
single woman, or boy, able to work and
unemployed at this time. Is so from
choice, and not from necessity. You will,
therefore, at once commence the work
of re-examination of the cases of all persons who
have been visited and recorded upon your books,
and will give no aid to au., families who are capa
ble of earning their own support If fully employed,
except it be to supply some needed articles of
clothing, bedding, or furniture, which their earn
ings will not enable them to procure, and at the
(and time meet their ordinary expenses of food
and fuel.
Nomd should be rendered to persons possessed
of property, e.fher personal or real, from which
thev might by reasonable exertion procure the
means to supply their wants, nor to those who
have friends aide to relieve them.
Our aid must be held sacred for the aged, infirm,
widow*, and orphans, and to supply t.. families
ihose actual necessaries of life, which, wl h the
best exertion* on tb tr part, they arc enabled to
procure by ;lu-Ir labor. You will entrust his
work of r*-examination to y..ur m judicious
and invlllgcm vl It w who will act cousclentl *us
ly and fra le* ly In tn- discharge of their duties.
This circular is issued with the full approval of
the Executive Committee, and anv failure on the
part of any employe of tbo society to conform to
ihe toblnictions above given will be regarded as
sufficient cause for bis instant dismissal.
Approved by the Executive Committee.
Geo. M. Pullman. Treasurer, made the following
report of receipts to date:
I»im) ■mount cjtli received In direct re
mittance*. _ f W9.27fi.12
T’ tal amoont fur which drafts have Imu
nts>le«nd sent. f.rwarde.l for collection 72ii.7j2.16
Total amount for which draft* have Ueo
drawn, and are to he forwarded to.
morrow lfi-1.9‘.7.7(t
Italsnceon bund f J,4ij sV. ja
Of this nmnnnt tiu*ri* is on deposit iu
batiks oi this city
In tunics of New York,
•n banks of Notion
lu bnuks of 3luntfn.il
Circuit Conrt.
Superior Court.
Id# devoted an evening hospitably to them at the
newsboy*' lodging house. and having indulged In
a cordial Interchange of sentiment, felt that, be*
fore the assemblage dispersed, some formal and
authoritative expression of sympathy should be
made. This Idea, says the Herald, became so Im
pressed upon the min'd of one of the boys—a leader
of a set —that he summed op courage, and. ris
ing. said:
Gentlemen You know about the Chicago fire,
and that these gentlemen (pointing to the ten Chi
cagoans) are sufferers, I now want to tell 'em that
were sorry for 'em. Our subscription list 1*
making up. and I heard Mr. O'Connor say ‘twill
amount to $8.25t, which they will get, though UV
small, and not as much as we'd like to. That's all
I have 10 say. except that if these gentlemen stay
hero we'll poet ’em.
Another n>y. Hilly, propose a resolution.
Billy. I move that we’re awful sorry for the suf
ferings of the newaboys and black-a-boot* oi Chi
cago, and that if they'stay wc post'em, and that
anything we can do* we will do to help'em, and
that we rc sorry It ain't more than f5.25.
Great applause followcdfrom all the other l>oys.
One of the Chicago youth- then rose after some
hesitation, and said:
••Thankee, genie, for what ye've done, an if it
wfarc'nt that wc had to go and see some friend*
we‘d like to stay. Maybe, though, we'll come
bark.”
The meeting then adjourned.
THE RELIEF WORK.
Important Proclamation by the
Belief and Aid Society—State
ment of the Treasurer—Beports
of Committees.
To alljsui>crliitendcnts. asoirtaiite and visitor.-
in the service of the Chicago Relief and Aid So*
ciciy:
O. C. GIBBS.
General Superintendent of Distribution of Sup
plies.
WIRT DEXTER, Chairman.
Committee Reports.
A sgregatv receipts
Disbursements to date.
Total
DraMs u»b<* f*-ut oit for culifcihm........
Citthon Land, principally chocks
.w.exvu
Total 1 ,45.*.53n?6
The estimated requisitions for the next thirty
are a» follows:
For bommsnnd barrack*. Including those
already compli'tod S-Vi.Ofn.oo
For store* ho J 1urnitur.*......... IM.ooujki
K<t UiMlng /vt,u«i.fO
Kof iH*l.
For labor and teams <.',000 00
Total _il.yTi.ooo.oo
The slock of clothing on hand and advised of as
being on the way, is supposed to be sufficient to
supply the demand for the next thirty days.
—The Shelter Committee report the delivery of
395 houses yesterday. Thu demand remains
good.
—The Committee on Supplies report the receipt
veeterdav of <T car loads of supplies.
—The Transportation Committee irtued 105
passes yesterday.
—Rev. Robert Collyer yesterday submitted his
resignation aa Superintendent of Division No. 1.
which was acfcpL*d, and L. Chamberlain appoint
ed to till the vacancy.
THE CITY IX BXIIEF*
The Grosvenor Homicide,
The popular voice will benrlllv endorse the ver
dict of the Coroner's Jury in ihe'Gresvpnor homi
cide case, that the deceased was shot “without suf
ficient cause.” The question where the blame lies
for the excess of violence which resulted
so tragically—whether with young Trent or those
from whom he received bis instructions—is si 111
open. Tbe unfortunate young man who
has been tbe means of tbe dca.h of a valuable
citizen is well connected, being it nephew
of Ur. R. B. Treat, who is well known, bom In
Chicago and Janesville. Wisconsin. He is spoken
of by all who know him as a high toned and ex
tremely conscientious young man, who. In Urine
so rashly upon a qnlet citizen, probablv did not
exaggerate bis doty any more than the public iu
general has, at times, since the conflagration, ex
aggerated the danger which threatened the city
from supposed organized inccndiancs. ••commun
ists,” etc.
The Lake Front Meeting.
Subsequent to the stage In the proceedings of
the lake Hunt meeting, at which the report in vea
rerdnvN TnrnrvE closed, a committee was ap
pointed to take Into consideration the propositions
ot tbo Illinois Central, Michigan Central, and Chi
cago, Burlington Quincy Railroad Com
panies as to tbo price of the three
blocks of lake front property proposed
to be sold, with instruction? to report at a lutaro
meeting, to be called by the committee after con
sultation with the representatives of other rail
nud companies. Messrs.Thomas llorno, John B.
Drake. James McKindley, Matthew Laflln, and C.
H. McCormick were constituted the committee.
After which the meeting adjourned.
Unpaid Pottage.
Postmaster Eastman yesterday promulgated the
following order: On and after this date all let
tors deposited in this office on which the postage
is unpaid. except in the case o! let
ters to tomt foreign countries. where
prepavment of postage is optlobal, will be de
tained for poftaecaod sent a* usual to the Dead
Letter Office. The public are informed that np to
ihl-da e all letters deposited In the Post Office
for mailing have been duly forwarded.**
Employment.
The Relief Employment Bureau having its head
quarters at 4u9 West Washington street, is now
organized, having branches on the North and West
Sides, and will soon oreanUo ono in the central
ortiouof the South Side burnt district, wh're it i
will betur accommodate l*oth the employcrand
employe. T e principal orders np to the pr.gcnt
tine have Wen for laborers and carpenter*, for
wh cb the demand h s been gr ater than the sun
ply. Orders i.ave been received mcitlv from
abroad for a limited number of tradesmen
but the difficulty in procuring transportation for
able-bodied men has prevented filling very many
of these orders. Laborers and mechanise In nneet
of work cannot do than call at the Emnlor
ment Bureau.
School Property Destroyed.
Through the courtesy of J. L. Pickard, Super
intendent ot Schools in this city, »c have obtained
an accurate lUt of the school property destroyed
by the great fire. This statement Includes the
value of seats, furnlt nro. and heating apparatus in
every case. The total loss, together with the value
of reference books and libraries, F3.0J0. which is
not embraced In the annexed list, reaches $537.g00,
on which them »at no Insurance. Of the various
buildings, two-the Jones and Klnzie—were very
old and dilapidated brick structures, the propriety
of tearing ooyyn vybteh and replacing them with
1 new and more suitable buildings, was under con
sideration before the fire. Below is the list
ritnl.lln*.. Location. Value
June* bo.*l, cor, Harrison and CUrk 8 9 W
Kint e School, cor. Glito an>> LaSalle jr gnu
j Frank la rcliuol, cor. Diviiion anil SaUswick. 7.V00
I Ocdeo Svlm’o!, I‘rareon, near Drarborn
f Pearson School, cor. Pearson and Markn. _
Klta >cl»*-01. cor. Elm an-l North Male p 7Sft
I La Sab-School, cur. La Salle aud Nr-rth-av... zuaii
1 North Branch Seliool, V«o«ier t neaf HaletrU 23 noo
Tolal va1ue......
Prompt Settlements.
Messrs. Hamlin, Bale Co. received yesterday
fall payment from B. D. AUlger, Special Agent of
the Commercial Union Inssrance Company, of
London, and the National Insurance Company, of
Bangor. $5,000 each.
To Advertiser*.
Wo shall devote all the space wo can spare to
advertisements. Advertisers should bear tr
mind that Ihe earlier in the day they bring ns
what they want published, and the sore It Is
condensed in space, the more certain it is tn se
cure insertion, In onl* rto induce the condensa
tion. wo shall, until further notice, charge
I oonat* bates poa niBPCATso aovKßTiarifEyrs.
On S'did advertisements rates will remain the
same as before the fire. We only desire to ac
commodate aIL Daring tbc past week we have
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25. 1871.
each customer would rather have bis advertise
ment published in some thape than not at aIU
We adopt this rnlo as the only present means of
accommodating tbo public.
Branch Office.
For the accommodation of oar customers la the
South Division of the city, a branch office of Tat
Tribune has been established at No. 469 Wabash
avenue. In the bookstore of Messrs. Cobb, An
drews Co., where advertisements and subscrip
tion-, and change* in delirefy of Tit* Tribune
can be left up to 10 p. m, and will receive the
panic attention as If left at the main office.
To Mall Subscribers.
In the haste of copying tbo Usta of dhily and
tri-wcekly subscribers alter our vault was
opened, some errors and omissions may have
occurred. Those will bs promptly corrected
upon notice. We are unable to furnish baek
numbers, but each subscriber will be credited
«Ub two weeks during which we have foiled to
nail the papers.
MASONIC NOTICES.
MASONIC.
The Worshipful Mastsr and Wardens of the sev
eral Masonic Lodges In tbs city «f Chicago are here
by ordered to convene their several Lodges at the
mrliest practicable'moment, in order to ascertain
aisd report to me at the Masonic Board of Relief,
corner of Randolph and Rabted-sts the number of
sufferer* by the late fire belonging to their respective
and ulster lodges.
All packages of money. goods, or other contribu
tions in the bands of the bnthren or otlfeis sent
hero for the relief of the fraternity should be imme
diately delivered to me at «aid Masonic Temple,
where the Secretary can be Road to receive and re
ceipt for aime.
DEWITT C. GREGIEK,
Grand Master of Masons,
Chicago, Oct. 24, i#?l.
The members of GARDEN CITY LODGE. No. HI.
A. F. AA.M.. nre hereby notified to attend. Ibis
iWftloewlAy) rvanlnc. Oct. 25, a regular enmnmnl
c«tluu to be neld at Pleiades Hall, conisrTwcitlh and
Cliuton-rfts., at o'clock. By order.
GKO. R. McCLKLLAN. W. M.
There will be a UcgnlarCommunicatioo of Kilwiaa
insr Lodge* No. 311. A F. and A. M.. at the Watt bide
Uahoqlc Temple on Thursday evening. October 24, at
half-poet? o'clock sharp. By order of \V. M.,
U. V. DeLuNG, Sec’y.
There will bs a ap*clA> communication of KET
STONE LODGE *39. A. F. aod A. M., next Wednes
day evening. at 7 p. m., at the Hail of D. C. Cfegler
Lodge. 250 Milwaukee-MV. By order
J. 11. DIXON, W. M.
GENERAL NOTICES,
Notice to Shippers.
On and after Wednesday. Oct. 25, rate* to *U point*
Hast of I’itlabiirjrh. *Uo to Buffalo, Stupenilou
Bride*, and Toronto, and point* East will be ad
vuucod a* fdlowa:
On fourth clss* and balk niMtu, 5c per I001b«;oa
flour, iu ct* pur barrel over tariff rmr* of Oct: 2,1571.
WM. STEWART,
G. F. A. I*. Ft. W. X C. Itv, and P. C. 3t. L. By.
THOMAS HOOPS,
G. F A. Midi. CVi>t. R. B,
CH AS. il. GRAY.
Aa«t.G. F. A. L. X 31. 9. Ry.
A GIFT
TYORTHV OF A KOTIISCHII.D
Is BROWN'S SIiAKSPECI.VN ALMANAC for tS73.
U i.<ir ly fc-Kiu# with quoliiiuti* and illustrations
from tlm Hard f Avon. It* principal foai im-i, how*
«»«r. are xh* Seven Cm*, Ulettratins th* Ghost Scone
;in Macbotb. and no illumed Frontispiece represent
ihs Knit l,e*r b.ttline with the storm; young
America rnnnine into the *--»*y weedy wsy* of lii«.
*l:.. «-tc twelve ortifi»c*n cun*, of this work will
l<e sent free and prepaid by moil to any person who
will judiciously distrilm'- them la hi* locality.
AddrceS DK (.1. PiILLPS BHOWS.
GOOD TEMPLARS.
In conMutteoee of tbe city government haring
taken pi>**nisiuo of Warren Lodge Unit.” Lodge*
amt Uivi*tan* matins there will meet at the hall of
Uotnn Lodge, WanJilnct.mUn IToroc."** follow*;
Houston and Star of North Lodge* wilt meet on
ilondnv evenings.
Lincoln and Trnesdell on Tuesday evening.
Mar ol Hope aud Warren on Friday evening.
Union Degree Temple on J*amrdsf evening.
Crystal Wave Di»i*ion Sons of Temperance will
nnvi on Thursday evening.
The head'tnarier* for tlia Good Templar* Belief
Oomuitt’ c «ill hereafter he At aboro hail.
Let each monitor of tho order a«*lst In giving abnr*
notice a gem-rat circulation among all Good Tern-
Pl«rein tin* cUy.
nMiv.do
V9.W.W

»ss.«r,2.si
2>fM«o
Enins of Chicago!
Wo bare <h? finest and most complete crllectlon of
photograph* of all tin* principal localities «monc tbe
ruins. comprisiuc nlhoni. Bteoo*r o pjc. blnlsoye and
panoramic slews of Hit* ,1110, burnt «h>trict. Also,
photographs of tbs north shore uf Lsks Superior,
never baloro issu-d, comprising view* of Cro** Hirer.
Silver Inlet, Thun-l-r Bay, Pigeon Ulfr. Fort Will,
iam. etc., etc Wlml.sale and retail, tend for cata
logue. .1. A. J'IKKCF A L’O.,
_ tIT West «t., Chicago.
1 will receive bids tor tbr entire lot of dsmaced
Crain, being the remains ot over 3*1,000 bushels in
the National Elevator (Vincent. Nelson A Co.l, cor
ner Canal and Adams st».. op to Thursday next at .*1
o’clock p. m. To U» for arrosnt of whom it may
concern. IV. N ItltAlNinil. Sup’t..
Office hoard Trade Iloonis.Boarl Trade Committee.
There wilt 1* a meeting of Us I’ommitlKi of tho
Hoard of Tra-h- having charg* i*f tbe damagM grain
in tbs different grain alovaU'va V\Vdn«viay afternoon
at 4 o'clock, at s>. U. McOkEA’S office, corner Ran
dolph and Canal Sts. All parties interested will
pleas* attend. W. S. B ISA IN\KD. Suo’t.
CINCE the great k.
O Lsmity. to our pit-
Rons we would say
That we arc not qultf flat
Broks. but conclu-
Dal to mevs our ENTIRE
j*TU»:R into our new
chop \awav/reui lbs tire),
11l P«*splains», corner Source.
psiulrtl at fr.ces
Remarkably LOW,
Fur moke information see
MOOCUH A GOE.
CXEMEXS
Ready-Made Sectional Houses.
We are now ready to fill orders for these houses
upon sliort notice. They are better, warmer,
cheaper and stronger than aojr other stria of build
ings of a portable or readr-Dail* character.
RICHARD*. NORRIS A CLEMENS,
Corner West Twenty.second and Laflln sts., Chicago.
New England Church.
The member* of the New England Church and
congregation are earnestly rp<joe»«Hl to meet at 2 p.
m. ou Sunday next, the 29tb ln«., at th« Pint Con*
cregational Church, corner of Ana and Waihington
eU.
L. T. CHAMBERLAIN. Paator.
f. G. HAMMOND.Chairman Committee.
Copartnership Notice.
The subscribers, members of th- late firm of Dun
top, lU*hJ« A B<#*>ter, hate funned a partneiebip
fur the imruoM of commit nc tl.« l-us«oese of said
Arm, ooderthe n«nie and style of Beads, Brewster
X to., an i will, about Not. l. be ready to raeelre tbs
tnanr rstronsof tbe "Arcane prlntrng lloui*" at
their new Quarters. 7 and V BAmh Jeffer*nn*st.
JfiStAll T ItEADR.
CUA*. F- BItnWgTER.
We ban* on hand and are prepared to supply th«
market with bnem-av camps of -very kin-1 of oar
own manufacture. Mwl pr-**-*. ribbon band atatnpe,
c-rck protector*, Ac,, at mode-ate r»re*. wheleeale
and retail, JOHN OAKRETT X CO..
Wm. H. Sampson, Reel Esfataand House-Benting
Agency, late Bryan Block. US LaSalle el., I* now lo
cated at ‘JSA West Madleon it., Peal Eatata bought
and selJ. Ireuw Rested. and bents Collected. Ac.
TO THE LADIES.
Ten can get ready made, fir lo crd*» fttssocksland
Ottomans at
afifi STATK-ST.
INSURANCE*
liWem Mtial
FIBEAVD M.VRIVE
Insurance Company
OF MILWAUKEE, WIS.
P. D. ARMOUR. ALEX. MITCHELL.
Vice Pmidsnt. ‘Erasidiot,
JAS. B. KELLOGG. l>. FERGUSON.
Secretary. Treasurer.
A-r-mEiJ «fc co.,
AGENTS.
35 West Washington-fit,
CHICAGO, ILL.
Los4Ci in above Company will be paid IN FUL£.
Virc and Marine r|ik* tak*n at cur
rent ratrq,
IIKADQUAUTEKS
UNION INSURANCE CO
Smi Franciso*.
•INU.KM
Fireman's Fund fptaranra Co., San Francisco,
Its West Weshugloq at.
Parties haring claim* for lo»s acainst then com
panics will facilitate ihe settlement by presenting
Great Western Fire Insurance Co..
■.OF CHICAGO,
Tars 100 cents on the dollar. Office*: 55 Sooth C«-
nal *t and 77 Fourte«otb-rt. Board of Traua
Building. Policies Gened at fair rate*.
MACHINERY.
Portable and Stationary
ENGINES,
Mii'MCi.
Wholesale Department
REOPENED AT j
31 33 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
Retail Department
BZOPENHD AT
I 328 WEST MABISON-ST.
Onr friends and patrons in both
Departments are solicited
to faror ns with their
trade, and those
indebted to ns will place ns
under special obligations
hr remitting.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
Chicago Fire.
READY
This Tuesday Morning,
it
ALL NEWS DEPOTS,!
FRANK LESLIE’S
Illustrated Newspaper,
FILLED WITH
Faithful Pictures
OF THE
Great Conflagration.
THE GREAT TIRE;
on,
Chicago, Her Past, Present and Future.
Tbs origin, progms. and remitsoftbeOmnt Chi*
eago Conflagration; graphic scene*, incidents, and
details of the disaster: list of the principal Bankers,
Manufacturer?, and Merchants who are losers; a i
complete Picture of Chicago, before and after the
fire: tbe trade and commerce of Chicago, and details 1
of its muoicioU affatra. and the gr*at Ares of the
world. Br GKO. P.UPToN and JA\W. SUZAII AN,
Associate Editor? of Ttte Cittc-too Tbibi'NK. A book
of about 330 pagra, lllnslrated by tbe best artists,
and will ba worthy of thv confidence of *ll. Will bo
void exclusively by subscription. Agents wanted lb I
every towu. Address I
UNION PUBLISHING CO..
165 Twenly-aecond st.. I
CHICAGO. ILL.
BLANKS.
Legal Blanks.
A Card to Attorneys, Public Offices,
and Olhers using legal Blanks.
We beg leave to announce that our vaults protect*
ed sample sheets of all our forme of blank* and print*
cd record., and that we are REPRINTING u rapid*
Jr m tbe work can l>« done by onr own presses, aided __
by several flr»l*class printing offices elsewhere.
We hope to have a full Hue of CONVEYANCING
BLANKS within one week or less. Respectfully,
GULYER, PAGE. HOYNE CO..
STATIONERS,
11, 13 15 North Desplaines-st:
C>n«'*nt addition? to oitr aroek.
GROCERIES,
READY FOR BESIIVEBS.
LD.OUSm'T&CU.
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
Michigan-av., near Monroe,,
Are now receiving their new and complete slock. I
and will be able during lb* week tn till all orders
promptly. \Ve return ht-ar>M« ttinnke to our cae
lomers who htte ?o kindlv tmntffited their good
will in i.nr liiiienf ne .1, *nl *li->U he pka.ctl to
»rv ihfir h* mr i.rw li.c.-U'.,,,
We w.•!*•»! rr>|tiret tbo-<* .-till indihtnl to us t<* for*
a trd Hu ir nmittance* at _ _
OMNIBUS LINE.
F. PARMFLEE CO.,
Omnibus Line
AND
BAGGAGE EXPRESS.
Baggage delivered to and from any Railroad Depot
to any part of the ity.
Office, corner Tw%uty**econd and Stalest*.
Branch Office Baggage Room, Ft. Wayne Depot,
corner C.nal and Medlann-sts.
STOVES.
BROWN BROTHERS,
339 Bait Monroe street,
(OLD PLACE).
MANUFACTURERS OF
HyiiU’i Patent Sidewalk Lights,
AND HUNTS celebrated
"Dakota** Soft Coal Stoves,
May be found at the old quarter?, u abaye* rtily
for orders.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
Notice.
The firm of Dater, Whaling CO. te hereby dls*
solved by m ntual consent, and P. w, Dater Ulalone
authorlied to sign la liquidation.
W. J. WHALING.
P. W. DATEK.
Oct. 2X IS7I. K. P. WHALING.
Dissolution of Cojurluerthlp,
Tbe partnership heretofore existing between Saa
u*t lintjlor, iosiih T. Beads. Charles V. Brewster,
and CUrke W. Dunlop,under the firm name of Dan*
lop, Beads A Brew.tvr, ie this day dissolved. The
buttncM of tbe firm will be emitted by J. T. Ileade.
SAMUEL DUNLOP.
I JI'SIAU T. KEADE.
Chicago. Oct. M. 157 1. UR A HUES F. BREWSTER.
Pawnbroker’s Notice.
I have saved all lbs Jewelry and some of the Fori,
'and, being obliged to retire from business on account
of the firs, 1 wish ell parties having tucU«oods in
my clave to redeem them s* soon as possible. 1 can
be bend at Stt West Madison st,, for 30 days.
M. C. CLANCT.
Horatio Silas Brown,
BEAL ESTATE AND MORTGAGE BROKER.
38( and 3J& Broadway, New York,
LOANS AND EXCHANGES NEGOTIATE?.
Parties In Chicago wishing a New York local agent
or corvesoondent for purchasing good* or supplies,
for procuring design*, etc, for building after New
York fire laws, for insurance in ratable Ne.w York
agencies and companies. »tr., can address andsx*
change reference*. HUEATIO SILAS BROW N,
Post OSes Box 1369, New York city.
Q. ft. HUBBAED, Jr.. Rea} EMatta Agent,
No, 68Canal at., wlUlfesaebcmses, polled rents, toll
real estate; aa4 da »U kinds of conveyancing. Bar
tail well-located residences In the West Division
for sale. All abstracts of title and other paper* In
my care saved from the late fire.
iQ3Or Q. 3. HUBBARD. Jr.. 68 Canal Bt*
Geo. Vandyck Drake,
HOME paiktbb;
TO" 0.211 S.lPeoria-st.
10MMM
J. C. COCHRANE,
-A-robiteot.
Office 16 and 17 Nixon's building, northeast cor
ner of La Salle and Monrtfe streets. Office now;
open. KHIfV
j JNO. A. HUNTER,
I COUNSELOR AT LAW AND NOTARY
PUBLIC. Office for the present st West Mon*
roe st Can be tountj 458 Wfcbssh avenue from
1 4 to 7 o'clock p. mV icaibv
'WILLIAM BLAIR CO.
Nos. 30 &32 South Canahst.
Arc receiving, st their NEW STORE, a ftill stock of
and Tinners* Stock.
plate of riinois.
Masonic.
Masonic,
Ufasonfc.
Notice.
Notice.
STAMPS.
Removal.
DRY GOODS.
RAILROADS.
Pittsburgh, Ft. Wayne
Chicago Railway
IS ALL RIG-HT
Trains leave from corner of Jladlauii And
Cuud streets Chicago, as heretofore.
OiOO A. M. Express entire train with Pullman's
Palace Care through to New York without
change.
5»1B P. 3L Exprcrs with Pullman’s Palace Cars
through to New York without change.
OiOOp. M. Express with Pullman's Palace Cars
through to New York without change,
fttao A. M. Mall Stops at all stations.
3:45 P. M. Valparaiso Accommodation.
Ticket* for Pamgs and Sleeping Cara
at depot.
TV, C, CLEL.IND,
Asst. Gen’l Passenger Agt.
CHICAGO, ROCK ISLAND PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
NOTICE—The Passenger Depot of this Company is
oow located at the corner of Polk and Sbencaa-sts..
«r which place trains arrive and depart as usual.
HUGH RIDDLE. Geii.Sup’t.
A. M. SMITH. G*iy. Pasa'ger Agent,
tieaeral Offices are located at the corner of Clark
and Twelfth-sts.
FAVORITE ROUTE WEST.
CHICAGO, BURLINGTON QUINCY
RAILROAD.
Until further notice passenger trains will leave and
arrive at new depot.
Comer Indiana-av. and Siiteenth-st.
Parmale*'* Omnibus Liu* will transfer passengers
and bageagn to and from all botelrand depots.
Tickets, wirepins Oar Derib*, and Baggage Checks
1 can y sm'en'd at tbe d-pnt.
General Ortice*, .*<o3 Michisan-av. Oat Freight De
pot corner Canal and Sixteenth-ale.
BAM’L POWELL, General Ticket Agent.
E. A. PARKER, ben. West. Passenger Agent.
HUBERT HARRIS. General Superintendent.
SATES.
HALL’S
“SAFES!”
One Hundred and Forty
four of Hall’s Safe and
Lock Co. Safes have been
taken from the ruins np to
date, with contents in good
condition. We are daily
receiving large additions
to onr stock of Safes, which
can he found at our office,
at 66 West Madison-st.
F. B. TUCKER,
Manager.
BLANK BOOKS.
Blank Books.
Merchants nnd Bankers need
ing first-class Blank Books AT
ONCE, should order from
WILSON, HINKLE CO.,
137 WALNUT-ST.,
CINCINNATI. OHIO.
Cloths*
BIDDLE A HUNT
Office <66 West RanJolph.it.
DeGolyer ds McClelland,
.'V e ha** MUbUihn) oar office at our work*, oa tbs
North Pl«r,Jna( cut of the light hou«*. where we
have a Urge (tuck of all kinds of lam u*r for sale. in
cluding a vsry largs quantity urMerredby the well*
known Sereoel'e Iroatilne proesaa.
Dr. Jolm Thomson,
Formerly of 17S Sooth Cltrk-et., can be found at
present at No. 421 Canal-*!., two doors south of For
a«er. DK. JOHN THOMSON.
P. O. Box 72. Chicago. 111.
J. >V« Hubaou Son
WHOLESALE FISH DEALEItS.
Heady for buoln*** at No.-a»
Olluger Ballard,
Real Fsfale Broker*.
479 Wabash av. Wear* now prepared to negotiate
sale* ami purchases of real estate as heretofore.
C. W. E. I’ardrldgc Co.,
Rare reopened their vboleiale rooms at 923, 926 and
927 titate-st., with an entire new stock of
DRY GOODS,
at their original low prices.
Offices of the Spectator,
70 CANAL-ST.. AND i-V) STATE-ST.
Insuraooa Supplies. Blanks. Proof* of Loss, latest
official insurance reports, giving fall reports of the
condition of Insurance Compaui,-*. Orders fur
Printing, Stationery. Books, etc. takes, to be exe
cuted by oar NEW YORK OFFICE.
Losses adjusted; proofs prepared; claims presented
and collected. J. il. A C. il. GOUDsKLL.
70 Caual-st., and 450 State-st.
Gilbert, Hubbard Co.,
snip CHANDLERS AND SAKLMAKEBS,
Dealer* in
TWINES AN& CORDAGE,
It and |6 Morket-st.,
Are now receiving a fresh lot of Rope, Twines.
Blocks, Ac., and within ten d-iys will bo able, as
heretofore, to 811 anv orders In oorHn*.
W, U B. Jenney,
ARCHITECT, NO. 12 PECK COURT.
C. OtWolf,
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE,
At hll old place. No. U3 Madlsnn»*t.
Elliptic Sewing Nacbine«
a<t W»et MaJieon-«t.
The Heal Estate Loan and Trust Com
pany
Will open lor bailors* at
6IS wabash-at.,
Wednesday morning. October 13.
Millinery Goods,
BERLIN WOOL AND KNITTING TABNS.
Taocy Gooda is great variety at old price*. Please
give me a call.
A. J, DNNA.
33 Weat Randolph-*!.. ondef the Barnes Bouae.
BATES Si HODGES,
LAW OFFICE,
113 West Madlsomut.
Geo* C. Clarke 6s Co*,
Insurance agents, 10 EldrMge Conrt. Insurance
written la the Manufacturer* laearaoc* Company
Boston; North American Fire Insurance Company
New York; Hop* Insurance Company. Colnml'U*. O.
KETCHCM Sc -TIARXIA.
Wholesale dealers in
Crockery
Win receive a full new stock and be prepared to
fill orders in a few days. Present office,
IQISeP 68 Wayren Avsnnfe-
THE OFFICE OB 1
KRAEETT, ROELLE GO.
Distillers and Rectifiers,
li. reaoyed Ux and HQ Clinton street, near
Lake. IQisj
H. R. CABERET,
Maienlo Goods and Bcffailas. Military
Goods and CUt and Plated
129 South Halgtod Street,
loiatrp*
COOK Me LAIN,
DYERS,
REMOVED TO 363 STATE, NEAR HARRISON.
1013z5
The American Bridge Co.
Have opened offices at 578 Wabash avenue, corner
of Twelfth street, and at their works, comer of
Egan and Stewart avenues.
Cash paid for wrought scrap iron. *rdlol6s
SHOENFELD, BEO. QQ.,
Formerly 60 and 93 Wahaqh avanue. Office for
tse present,
56T avenue.
L. SHOENFELD, J. SHOENFELD.
H. P. MATHEWS. MUST
KING BROTHERS Sk CO..
547 Avon no.
Jobber* of
Hats, 'Caps, Fan Back Goods,
Are receiving the above roods, and by the Ist ol
November will have a full stock. Glo customer*
please reserve their order* u far aa possible
ItQOq*
HTT* V **D TT TjATJTi fWi
DUMBER 79.
DRY GOODS.
CARSON, PfRIE CO.
Wholesale Department,
636 West Lahe-st.
U c are now receiving Sew Goods,
and will be pleased to have onr
friends call and see ns.
CaaiPiittCo.
636 WEST LAKE-ST.
Previous to opening our
new Retail Stores, we will
sell, for a few days, at Re
tail, at our Store, 636 West
Lake-st., with a line of very
cheap goods, suitable for
present wants, commencing
this day, at 10 a. m,
TAILORS.
JOHN STEVENSON,
DRAPERS TAILOR,
iLATE OF 95 MADISONST.. EAST).
Will resume business October
31 with an entire new and
choice stock or
IMPORTED GOODS,
In the new Marble Building
on the corner of (Vabash-ar.
and Twenly-aecond-at,
INSURANCE.
UNION
Insurance Comp’y,
OF SAX FRAXCISCO.
Cash Capital, Gold, $710,000.
Policies Issued lor amounts
and rates consistent with the
hazard assumed.
THOS. GOODMAN*, Agent,
165 West Waahlngton-st.
OPTICIAN.
3vr. polachek:,
OPTICIAN.
WILL OPEN IN A FEW DATS AT
NO. 40 0 WABASH-AV.,
With a very large stock of
SPECTACLES,
Drawing Instruments, and paper for Architects, aod
all kinds of Optical Goods.
GILES, BRO. CO.
HAVE OPENED AT
158 Twenly-Second-st., near State,
With a ful l (ine_of
goods saved, and through their
NewYorkand Parisian houses
they can offer all their former
inducements to purchasers.
WHOLESALE MILLINERY.
WALSH HUTCHINSON,
GIG Wabnsh-av.,
Between Twelfth and Thirtcenth-its.,
Have remitted boilnciw.and will be found with
An Entire New gtbek,
At the store Spacious premise*.
Orders will receive prompt and special cart.
Busses psa* tlia boose every three minutes.
HOTELS.
CLIFTON HOUSE,
NORTHWEST CORNER
Washington and Halsted-sta.
W. H. JENKINS, Proprietor.
W. F. KETTHEPGE, Clerk.
SEWING MACHINES.
SUFFERERS
By the late flro who lost their Sewing Machine* of
whatever msß*. after bavin g <ta‘d from $lO to >3O on
them, can obtain new ones In plac* of them by eim
ply continuing their payments till the amount doe
on them i* paid. Apply at once at the oßSceof the
Wilson Sewing Machine, 373 West Madison at., or X 77
South Pari; a*.
LORD. HOYT A WILLIAMS. General Agents.
SINGER
SEWING MACBINE Offlqa of J. S. WILKINS,
187 MTLWA TTKKE-AV
PROFESSIONAL
To Physicians,
BLISS ft SHABfi
Late 106 State «l.» Sooth Division. located at
their Branch S*^, rr
tM Twehty-seeonq it-, coro«r Wihiih at.,
stock of DRUGS AND
H;? OIC .Ah,i>»Tr.DMENTa. Order.solicited, and
win n<t«n» prompt attention.
Dr. M. Cary
Promptly attends to all letter, addressed to him,
Tpr. Twelfth and Rilha-it*.. Racine. Wia.
FINANCIAL
Stocks iVauted,
U.ono CHICAGO CITY RAILWAY, by
C. GRANVILLE HAMMOND.
Local otock and Note Broker.
3M Wabash-av-.
Money to' Eoau
For 30, Co, or Vj day*. Apply to
U. GRANVILLE HAMMOND.
Local stock and Not# Kroger.
I»SA W>ba«h.»T.
TO- RENT.
To Rent.
Store, and dwelling, tn all part, of the city, by
WM, U. SAMPSON,
Real Estate and Hone* Renting Agency,
SS.% ffwt )l»i|i»on-«t.
PERSONAL
Henry J. Trns,
Formerly clerk la Hamlin ft llale’a dry 'goods store.
Is requested to leave hla addrets st T. BoehUr's 354
3!ilwaokea-av.
EDUCATIONAL
North Side School.
•The anb*eriber has obtained a pleasant and deair*-
ble location lu Sbeidon-st.. on the West Mde, easily
reached by the convenience* from the other parts of
the city. Hero be egpectasooa to resnme his school,
end he request, tbosa of its former patriot, who in
tend to continue so, to notify him accordingly. Va
cancies also»slit for n-w pnnUs.
KHWaUD y. WATERS. >t
Law Book,.
CALLAO3AN COCKCBOFT, KB Randolph
at., hSTo on the vfay as ealiro new stock. end will
be ready for bnainesa hx a few dare-
BUSINESS CARDS.
Hats, Caps, and Fur
J. A. SMITH CO., i
Formerly 93 SUtftt., hare opened their tj-t rtar*-
Sl3 WABASH-AV.. where they aro now r-oelT;
a splendid stock of fiats, and all ©thereon U La U.
tine, and will soon open ft large stock of FurGoi
to be sold St low prices.
F. PABXELEE Co..
Omnibus Llue and Baggage Espr
Baggage delivered to and from any rallro-d de r
to any part of the city. Office corner Twenty-secc
and State sts.. and baggage room Fort Wayr.sde.
corner Canal and Mtdinoo at*.
liorillard's Tobaccos ana Saifls.
GEO. FOY A; CO.
Wholesale Tobaeconiota. formerly at s.*> Sont'i VTat
«t.. take pleasure in informing th ir r. ;raero
frienda and coitomera that they ar- no x h- aUd c
Michigan ar., between Hubbard and Peel, coart
We are prepared to Ait all order* prompt:/aud
low ilgurea. Sola agent* for the genuine l>nrh
Smoking. Send in your order*.
geu. foy CO.
Crockery and Glassware.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
W* are opening, and receive daily, stood* at tl
hall Is rear noriliweal corner «'anal and Tayijr.ita
and offer them at reasonable rate*.
In a abort time wilt have a complete stock and c
«ble lofill ordwra aeut to ua (torn our friend«inti
country promptly. F. A E. JAEGER.
Wholesale Hardware.
SEEBERGKK A BREAKER,
10and 13 West Randolph-*!.,
Sow receiving a full atoefc of Shelf Itardxra-e, He
chauica’Tool*. Canary, Ac.. Ac., to which wa la
vita the attention of the trade.
WESXER.V
Bank Note aud Engraving o.»
Id North Jaffenon-st.,
Steel Tlate Engraving and Lithography. In
frared commercial work carefully and beautlf
executed.
CHAS. KNICKERBOCKER. Sac’y.
C. C. CHEyEtf, Treasurer.
llurlbut <fe BdsaU.
WHOLESALE DRUGGISTS,
Will continue bueioewe at State will M
ready to All orders for drugs fr«»m Chicago ab. at No
vember J. At present we ate filling order* fr.-m one
New York office. All partied indebted to will
t>Ua*e remit »e soon aa powible.
R. C, Pope Co.
Office southwest corner State and Van Prron-*t
WANTS 1.000 TONS OF OLD IBON
Tor i)««b.
Chicago Academy of Music,
800 Wabafth-ar,
F. ZIEGFELP. DIRECTOR.
W Send for circular.
Dr. C. A. Payne,
Formerly at Boon 9 Üblich Block, isjiow looted at
No. 49 Sooth Haletedic.
Dry Goods Commission.
J. B. PACE A CD.
Fftrmerly of 74 and 77 Wabaeh-ar.. aro now at.'Oaoi
&S South Ada at.. Martinet BniMinc.
Office of
n. CISENDRAm A AMMAN CO.
kao* *t 117 Sooth Green »t.
Gold Pens.
All repair* eared fa good order. Call at r, ,;.i p >n
Manufactory. »U Lake et.. and them, a law
stock ofoew poos now ready; retailed at maunfae
torera price*; pen* repointed.
WALTER TRELEAVKN.
Still oa the North Side.
PLUMBING AND GAS FimXG,
JAMES 11. Dane.
Corner of Illinois B j Dearborn *t*.
Durands «Ss Powers,
Snccmor. to Dor.a.l Bro,. .od Da
nude. Powers A Mead,
WHOLESALE GBtiCEKj
Corner West W*»hla«toaaodGri»ei,*ts. ciiic*~- tt*
ULLIHGHAST. ALLEN CO.,
Commlstlon Merchants in
WOOL, GRASS SEEDS, Ac.
\WH occupy their new warehouse in a few <Uy s
OPPOSITE 3K MICHIGAN-AV.
Are folly pn Mrn togi»«all faeors th-iren«M

J. X. Hawleigh,
FLOUR AND FEED,
.Corner of Green ami Monroo.
A. Cljbournc A Son
flav# reeumed buslnese at 33 North Chirk-st. Ew
ing’e Block.
J°jce d: Cnnnlnclinm
Bar, rwnmnl bus!.... m 3,, Sottu Cl.rt-.t_ p,,
_ Inr« li|nci(.
Rumiey. Williams .t Co.
COMMISSION' MCKCIIASTS.’
All rlaht at th.lr now toe.lion At Canal
saw
vciopes, ink, *v c
Freeh Stock just received.
WOOLWOKTH. AINSWORTH A CO.
W. M. Scribner. fj6 Mlchicati«av.
Chad, JE. Hyde Co,,
MERCHANT TAILORS.
Be-openMat *3 South KaUte.Ut.. near Madia n »t.
Waite «fe Clarke,
33 and 3« Congress Hall, Congress acxt lo Mich*
ijfan *v. Hotel.
Dr» J. B. Walker,
OCULIST AND AUBIsT.
i Twelfth-, t.. from in In
b 32S Madlaon*st.. Cottier of Cafii.-it.,
n; 60
JEWEEERY,
For Sale.
30,000
damaged
WATCHES
STARK ALLEN,
303 W abasb-av.
WANTED,
Wanted to Lease
For a short time, a lot at least 25x133. witMadA
blocks of tbe corner of May and Malison sts.
MUST BE CONVENIENT TO PAVED STRICT.
FARRAR <t WHEELER,
338 West 3ladlson-st.
CLOCKS.
Ameiicaa Clock Go,;
SOLE AGENTS FOB
38, N. Welch Mnn'g Co.,
New Haven Clock Co.,
Beth Thomas Clock Co.,
Gilbert ManTg Co.,
Welch, Spring Co.,
(doth Thomas -Sons «5t c<>.
587 Wabash-av M
CHICAGO.
TV. F. TOMPKINS, Agent.
GENTS’ FURNISHING GOOFS,
couims hunt,
636 Wabash-av.
WE HAVE ON HAND A FULL STOCK Of
Men’s Furnishing Gocds/
COMPLETE LINES IN
Underwear, Suspenders.
Hosiery, Handkcrch. is.
Gloves, Neck Hear, tc,
SHIRTS TO ORDER.
COIUXS d: HUNT,
630 \yabaah«ar.
THATEE TOBET
Furniture Company
Are. maanhctarlog to their utmost capacity, and
have on hand a variety of OFFICE and other Jdb-
NITDRB at their factory. No*. So to Vi \Ve*c Laa,
dulpo-et. fl. 8.--Any remittance* from parti- la
debted to Q* will be aratefoUy received.
Furniture,
P*' e TFfT r