OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF Till:
ST AT F.

LITTLE LOCK, ARKANSAS. SATURDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1871.
VOLUME 5, NUMBER 148.
DAILY BEPUJJLlUAfl,
pubUfiht'l every morning (except Sunday) by
ppjCE «5c McCLURE,
pibusiikhs and proprietors,
Towbom nil communications should be a*Mr< ^c.|
rFICKNortheast corner of Maikhrtm an.I
Jiulnna'street_
TERMS:
-A..vone month (in alvanoe) #1 no
u“,f?.|irOTC year
si„,lf eoi'its .__ __
RATES OF ADVEUTISIN(»:
e«juivalent in
per square of eifrht linos or it,
,PKe, formcf insertion, H.
repcblicak mass wkkti\<„
i«nd kail; of llir RfpnliliraiH or Brnd
“l Conn.J- Platform Ailopled-Tlie Ail
Mlaiilratlon Indonwl IliMirtnniim
Bcaaonrcd- Eloquent Speeches, l ie.
WarkkN, Auk., October So. Is;!,
tvlilor ifnmblican: The eneloaed la a copy
«/a oiatform adopted l>y our Itepubllran mi,.
mMtlneof the 2Stb of this month. The same
reported by the committee on re-olulions,
(u unanimously adopted. We had the
concourae of Itepubllcans ev. r aa.em
hled in this county—three hundred, white and
colored. Everythin!? passed oil with the itreat
Mt unanimity. Joseph Brooks and his bund o!
ilinortranizers were denounced. c arc a unit.
We have no hrindlea in Bradley, and evciy
tblns bids fair for a Republican victory In 1*70.
Very truly yours, etc.,
.1. M. Bradley,
I). H. KOI SSKAl
it, S. l'AKKEK,
K. <i. Halk,
M. ff. Kemp,
OlARt.KK PAOAN.
and many othi 1-.
THE PLATKOKM.
Gentlemen: Your committee, to whom was
referred the duty of presenting a platform anti
resolutions of the Republican party of Bradley
county, beg leave to make the following report:
They have carefully scanned the political
horizon and they see no cause for any division
io the party; but on the contrary, everything
to induce harmony and concert ot action. In
the senatorial contest of last fall, upon which
the party waf somewhat divided, and happily
terminated in the election of General Powell
Clayton to the United States senate, with the
closeofthat contest all differences should have
ended and the friends of the defeated party
should have accepted the result as a finally.
Acting on these views, we present the following
platform of principles, embodied in resolutions,
upon which we hope to unite every loyal-hearted
Republican of this county. It is no longer a
contest for men—it Is a tight for principle*; and
we invite all who have the good of our country
at heart, and who desire the perpetuity of Re
publican government, to unite with u» on this
platform and principles of the Republican
party of Bradley county, state of Arkansas:
Whereas, Believing that the principle* of
the Republican party are eminently calculated
lo promote peace, secure tranquility, create
fraternal feelings, develop our material re
sources, and render our name honorable in the
land; therelore, the Republicans of Bradley
county, in mass meeting assembled, do set forth
and adopt the following resolutions:
Resolved, 1. That, recognizing the great and
noble achievements of the Republican party
during the last ten years, whereby our country
baa been saved from anarchy and ruin, the re
bellion has been crushed, tour millions of
slaves made freemen and endowed with tue
rights of citizens, civil government established
over one-half the nation, the rights of citizen*
everywhere enforced, the national credit and
honor maintained at home and abroad, and
peace and prosperity brought to every door, we
feel a pride in the record of our party, and
hereby renew our pledge of fealty and devotion
to it in the future.
2. That we look not only with approbation,
but with pride, upon the wise and statesman
like administration of president Grant, ami we J
thank him and the noble Republican* who stood j
by him for the vindication and honest exccu* i
lion of the laws of the land.
2. That we renew our assurance of coi.li.lt nee
and support to the state administration, and j
trout that the laws may lie so modelled and ex
ecuted that every officer shall be amenable to
the people for the faithful dDchargc of hi* duty, j
anil that economy and honesty may mark evei’y
branch of the service under Republican control.
4. That we favor free schools and the cduea
tlon of the masses, for we thereby secure the
permanence of Republican institutions and
transmit the inheritance of free government to
posterity.
f>. That, desiring unity, harmony and success,
ws cordially invite all who wish our country
tobs free, prosperous and happy to unite with
u»inour efforts to secure success, laying aside
all question* as to individual* and uniting all
energies for the triumph of Republican prin
ciples.
0. That we condemn all efforts to disrupt the
party, by assaults on and abuse of leading Re
publican officials of the state, by those proles
sing to be Republicans, and we demand that
they take their positions either with u* or w 1th
the Democracy, where they belong.
That the proceedings of this meeting be
published In the Pine Bluff Republican, Little
ffock Republican, and other true Republican
papers in the state.
Thomas B. White, Chairman.
R. II. Rousseau, Secretary.
According to notice previously given the Re
publican* of Bradley county uut en masse at
courtroom, in Warren, on Saturday la^t.
<>n motion of Colonel John M. Bradley, Hon.
B. White was chosen to preside, and
tk **OU88eiiUi Ks«|,, was chosen syretary.
The following named gentlemen were ap
pointed a committee oo resolutions: Hons.lt.
E- Q. Hale, Elkin Jones, A. A.
th./fti’ E«n »and M. H. Kemp, who presented
Miollowlog articles of organiz ition:
the Eepublican party of Bradley county
w*i* meeting,do adopt the following to-wit:
The Republican party of Bradley
ln "M never heretofore held a mass meet
RV*®® Wa* never organized; and
R<*A8, Wedecm it our imperative duty
j 0Uri,e*ve8 Pr°Perly; therefore,
Aetoffcd, 1. That we proceed at once to ap
JJY"? county executive committee, consisting
ofa<j leM lbao five persona.
?euPon following gentlemen were
JPPOlnted; John M. Bradley, K G. Hall, Deter
JMj ey.ljioDiM B. White, J. B. Scarborough,
Oit.lil mp» Elkin Jones, Oliver Davis and
Carles Pagan.
t“ecounty executive committee shall,
ea^h^ convenient, appoint a committee in
“f Tt?"I>,‘llI>' ot least three persona.
*1 county executive committee shall
lorliwft/ftl Cft i lhe chairman, and that a ma
anitn?? ’.^be.n convened« shall constitute a
4 t? for ft® dispatch of business,
nspt® r Ba,(* co®®ittee shall supervise the
in 1^0°ter®** until niter the general election.
JT COInra^leo then retired to draft resolu
forh*?K ^obl? Bradley wa9 loudly called
roitrJm^6 a.Ul{|eDce« The colonel mi uuted the
for held the audience chain bound
Div “i°Vr and a half, one ofhis moat bap
ara ft”e*°*lucnt effort*, which by the way,
weep table to the Republicans of
e^.^®unly* The colonel traced the rise
anti ng uiy< ,ue colonel traced the rtse
inplnL^®?® of tb® Republican party from its
ft ft® present time; he compared it
I ft that °f the Democratic party.
•uid oi iue i^emocratic L
ctm/inT®*1 tbat when the Republican party
•tate l^ih0We.r.in they found the ship ol
tied °f a niallftrom of ruin, scut
e*U to sink; that Republican b<>n
•hwt#r.^ k a,‘d energy had repaired thf
rkced ml 0144,18 and broken sparts, and
*tau .h«vft °f the grandest and moat powerful
^etn* »k .ft?* ever 8al,cd over tbe political
aged Ik. k 0 great pilot who bat nun*
bought ft®ra for .the ifl8t four yfara» h»d
into a Mrglorious ship of progression
opDosiHn atft secure haven; and that the only
Drift? Republicanism and Kepubll
Prejudii'p Pf 8 n°w had to combat wiih was tbe
•euthsr^ ft lb® once dominant class ol the
E*PUbli. lta^B5 and_ihat another decade ol
andi»ftan,.fu,e w?u*d entirely overcome ibis,
pollti- T:"/he-Demoeratle party from the body
had a«nii.AHl®.r*cai that the Republican party
•chlevem? ,be^ a^ °f her Krand and glorious
Heine m»r ft tbe of thegieatest inter*
an* eon*?#. "trlfis that had ever distracted
•he Wat Ek© the Savior of mankind.
Ur exeorMi ed and cursed with tbo incut bit
m©ek and i?0i,of ber enemies, and, like tht
ttlnfv*ufferer on the crost, sh
P°nTW am* ft® CUP °f Ka,l which her enemies
ntraA.ftr faer» hod at laat, by her patieuct
kl?ranc®» liberated four millions ol
oetng*, which the Bob Johnson
tels^and^mrdcd as b uni an chit
iw^b&J 10 !l10 that they
fram-hhe in. m" ,'’e,‘"<,0*c,t with theeleeUve
unii werftiv fit,'/ Uirn!fl1 ln,° KOC'(l- honest
1 J?»Mon wh ,-h h ri ?U Ula'tbc "hlrit of pro.
1 the Afrit- .n", ,ak,cn “l,l'h i firm hold (,n
1 tram w"nl,!- before arty years, iU«b
I A“Atr," «0..er» continent to
wbi h h?„ '",l»bl7 >his portion of our globe
l.vJ S.J8 loD« l»*en enshrouded in d irk
ot ilento,'-‘r/^llv. tbe oolcme1 rattl that the name
I?!.,, h"'ri 5 hail Itei-onie a synonym of defeat
Hid ill-graft tb.it they had now broken tin
wllJ|'rP,"rt lK' ,,K',oa bai‘
r«./iU L ^‘Publicans as have been
d out of the.r party for'corruption and fraud
Morion* and thtm’ vU,° wou:d disorganize the
Kepub ran party because limy could not wear
the nil; but if the Republican Dartv
v'"'ll,l u,*,te biT strength she eould nre
bf." M,?t "Ji ,,hl!l*nx ,rf"n Maine 1" MPex
l, mat the Democratic
dead; that they had forfc
which they ever bad to th‘>
le-Ilijgent ma
party was non
it'd every elaitr
...mirage of the in
tit ,'T 1 l,ie Anienean people, bv an
I tHeks'thi -li.T" ‘1"|,:‘r,ur": tbat- °f all thi
i hi. n over engaged In to gain votes
11, i""1"*' and supe, fiuial; that
Ir C'V1;"8 !'u’ alul'hdtnents an fixed
.1 S 1.1, ,nd taem-eivis before the people
hat; I., ai.v,.eating them, they nilvoeateil thi
ifh Iwih""’"1 0 ,'v"' I'-moerat di.fr.n
nt.-eri in the .no luJnient-. l onsentienllv tht
ney. del a,lure Hemu ia. y was nothing but ar
i'i to devour Hie lb-h and bowels of the I)e
n.oeraev; that the wli ib- thing wa, nothing
r lb:,n an eleeiioneering trick, to pick m
v ote-ot di-nd eleil Kepuhlieans, who would
sooner see then party -ink than their own pri
vale 11,ter,,t- i,.,t the tliek was so absurd
itu -1 not a single Kepuhliean bit at the bait
ut that the stench which arose Irom the deal
caria-a of the Denim-ralie lio;] -tnu-i; theii
olfactories too strong.
1 Finally, the colonel closed by sa\ine that tt<
m".'l pet, nturgur. at of D. mocru«‘y, or at Icasl
j the one which they made the greatest use of,
the extravagance of the Republican party
The colonej said this was very easily answered
1 hat tiie Democracy had been in power in Ar
kansas for thirty years, and had built forty
miles ,1 railroad and wasted an immense school
fun*.; but that the Republican party had
eneck,r,?d the state with la'lroads and public
improvements, and bid free schools enough in
op- ratu u to furnish tree instruction to one hun
dred thousand children; that the Democracy
ought to take into consideration that little
ought to cost little The colonel then closed by
admonishing the Republicans to rally under
tbetr gallant standard bearers, Hen.* Powell
Clayton and Hon. A. Hadley, and sweep
doy.ti all party dDse nitons, and nominate Re
publicans of honesty, integrity and good stand
tug for oftlce.
At the close of which the following resolu
tions were adopted
■Resolved, I'hit the Republican party of;
ISradley county is a unit, and w ill suppoit the
party as represented in the administration of
the state government.
2. I hat we subscribe to all the time-honored j
principles of Republicanism, and are opposed i
to all corruption and dish nestv In ollice.
lb That we regard (j. A. Hadley, governor of;
Arkansas, as a sound Republican, and indorse!
Lis administration.
4. That we will not encourage or countenance
any divisions or dissensions In the Republican
party; that we regard Joseph Brooks as a dis
organizor. j
o. That ice mill never compromise the part a'
in order to save a man.
d. That we fully indorse the course of cur
senators and representatives in congress.
7. That we fully indorse the administration
of President (irant.
STATE ft Ell'S.
.f< hn M. IK son has retired fiom the Bradley
Hetuocrat.
Judge William 11. Welle, of Diew county,
died on the 24th nit Mr. Joshua Price, an old
riti/.en of Rradley, on the 1st Inst.; and Parson
Cate, of Craighead county, October 2fth.
The race-three mile dash—advertised by
poster on yesterday morning, to come off at
three o’clock p.m.. took place at that time. The
wager being ‘-no horse for ’he other, every con
lidenee was felt in the integrity of the trial as
presented, lbdh horses appeared in excellent
condition, and showed much spirit when taking
position, Choice of Ira* k was won by Jungler.
At the drop of the fl ig a good start was had.
In the first half mile Jungler led by about
three feet; the second end<d with Jungler
about two feet b.bind; the third half Jungler
led six fe< t. In making tiie fourth half Stone
wall closed the cap again to three feet, and
fri in that ’i I.e -t. wii.fr a space of twenty,
ii'tv ami ut one hur.*di ed and lily Pet.
Tlu* th’i nd:es r-. made by Jur gler in live
minute* and fifty seconds. Immediately aPcr
the race, Stonewall was sold to the highest cash
bidder. Captain W. B. West purchase him
at #20."*.— [il« lena <1 irirn, ffl-t.
We learn by pi Ivate dispatch that the presi
dent has removed the lion. Jo-eph Bro. k*. from
the position of assessor of internal revenue for
the Little Rock district. This, in connection
with the removal of Hodges from the office of
postma^tr of Little Rock, evidences the dis
*ati«ParLi<-n of (leneral (Irant with the brindle
tail malcontents in the Republican party of
this state. The Republicans of eastern Arkan
sas, to a unit, indorse the president in this
timely acti.-n. lib.
The Mo-rs Br:>eks Bennett, profit admi
rers of blooded h« r-u ll*«h, on yesterday purch
ased the thoroughbred stallion. W. H. John
son.” of William nnirur*. of Kentucky. They
paid a heavy price, It jt have a horse of which
they may well feel proud.—[ 11*.
The Fort Smith Patriot goes for some body up
there with what N*d Printline would call a
‘•vindictive looseness.” lYihaps some one can
guess who it Is. The Patriot says:
We have seen this contemptible course pur
sued by an ignorant fellow here, who, finding
that he is hurled from power, and men refuse
to feed him, comes out and denounces such meu
as Captain McClure, old Colonel i^moot. Judge
Howard, Captain Spradlin?, Dr. Jluktll,
Francis Dunn and men of that class as new
comers no n ly because they are champions of
right, and arc fortunate in having such men as
General Gage. Colon*! Robinson and Major
Barnes to work with them. These men, with
one or two exception*, who are denounced
a* new comers by this wooden headed
slanderer, were Republicans, working and
fighting the great battles of Republicanism,
long before he could speak the English lan
guage. And, while be was taking bis oath of
allegiance to the southern confederacy, in the
office of Major J. II. Sparks, C.S. A., these new
comers were under the stars and stripes,daring
the dangers of battle. Of course they have no
light to say anything* It was only he who was
coward enough to teach school children to In
sult federal prisoners in that has the right
to say anything in the politics of Sebastian
county. Wo propose that tire true and tried
Republicans of the county ahull have something
to say. and shall no longer bo dictated to by the
ignorant lout who ha* disgraced them so long.
Glad U Won ISumwI I-p.
We copy the following article from the Demo
cratic Banner, published In Fayette, Howard
county, MisaoUii. This paper Is glad that
Chicago was burned, though half of it was
filled with Democrats. We think it is fortu
nate that the government is not now in the hands
of the men Wb m this editor represents. Here
is the Democratic howl of joy:
the great fire.
Chicago Is sunk in an ocean of flame. Three
to four hundred millions of property, fifteen
square miles of citv and shoddy, hundreds of
lives, “Lincoln’s original emancipation procla
mation,” and many stoleu pianos, and much
stolen furniture and silver are destroyed. Sheri
dan was there, and S un Hildebrand would like
to have been there. Fifty thousand people are
camping out on the prairies of Illinois, and one
hundred and fifty thousand more are sent forth,
homeless ar.d “occupationless,” to beg and rob
and steal and plunder through the land.
The shores of Like Michigan and Chicago
river look as bleak and barren and desolate as
did those of the Shenandoah after Sheridan's
raid, or as did «bo city of Lexington after
Hunter gave it to the fi.lines and stole the statue
of Washington.
The City of the Lake* is gone! Gone, like
Columbia, like Atlanta, like Beaufort, and like
the tropical gardens of South Carolina. Sher
man was uot present, but some of his best
friends and staunchest supporters were. Some
of the same cutthroats who pillaged the women
and children and old men on the march through
Georgia, and who burned the barns of Virginia,
and turned the people out doors under order
No. 11, on the km«a* border, have been sitting
torches to brick blocks In Chicago, and pillag
ing bank* and dry goods palaces on Lake,Ran
dolph and Dearbon streets; and the red Re
publican and agrarian elements of “the
civilized and progressive north” are so
aroused and emboldened that order, law and
••property’* sleep uneasy, and all the great
Htie*, linger thr fnl«n and Ivins: <‘rv of hmnn-
?y. rontrlbutr ‘•million-.** \>f m. m v to bribe
:tn‘* «*own the hungry aiul rot lie** rabble
who threaten to rite up and make chaos if
“oir credit," “our eivili/«ti<.»." “our -real
cities," and “our government." t aj-ital tr.-u»
hle.-, society reels, and the rabble, in utter dr 1
spair and utter frenzy, are ready to "break
out and make havoc of all we see around us i
.lust as the great tire has the great city of
i hicago. Wo can but believe it is the bitter
chalice coming home to w icued lips, and though
it may seeiu cruel we mu-t sav that we a*r C t
much sorry, God is ju*t, and'
Time at length sets all things c\ ru."
KRO>I (IIICACO.
Iii«’ro«,o4l ltnte» of Inaiiriiiiec on f.rain
Pssllflcnl- Tile ItcstItnle. etc.
Chicago, November ti.--There is general!
complaint against the action of the underwriter*
in increasing the rates for Insurance tin grain in
store. Itefore the lire the rates of Insurance on
graiu in store averaged two per cent, per an- 1
num, tho iates for shorter Wms being proper- 1
tlonately advanced. Since the fire it has been I
advanced to five (ter cent, per annum, and the
rates for shorter terms proportionately hightr. I
1 he Tribune says the rates are simply ruinous, I
Hisks on this kind of property have h; cn the j
best paying of any kind ot Insurance dene in
this city. The danger of loss in elevators has’
been greatly lessened by the fire, and certainly 1
risks are as safe now a« ever. It is, moreover i
an unjust discrimination against this city, as'
grain in warehouse ts as safe against fire as it Is'
at any other point. It they continue tho-c ruin-1
ous rates they will destroy tho business and
lose the profits which they might otherwise I
make.
The number of destitute ictims of the great
(ire now receiving aid from the relief society i
has considerably decreased, ow ing to the fact j
that many are securing employment at go al
wages. The number of families now daily re
celving more or less aid from the society i-!
about It 000, or 03.000 person-, including men.
women and children.
Hugh Riddle, general superintendent of the!
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific railroad, has
been tleoted vice-president of tho company, ir.
the place of Kbenezer 'bed:, <1... i'. .\.j
Hall takes Riddle's place.
The temperance men of this eiti b, Id a me, t-1
ing yesterday, and put a full ti.k.t in the ti. Id
for city officers, many of the candidates lH ing I
the same as the union or tire proof ticket.
It is reported cn reliable authority that the
Republic insurance company will pay thrlr
losses in full, in installment-, and go on with
business.
Montreal has sent over >log c,) ;n gold to 'he
relief of Chicago, beside- large <|i: ,uii'ies rf
provi-iens, clothing, etc.
WASHIXlrT NEWS.
I’roclamntion by Iho l'roNldfiil Defalt a-1
tion—Appointment* The Kent licity
liideniiilfy, etc.
Washington, November .‘5.—The president j
i-t-urd a proclamation to-day, revoking the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus in
Marion county, .South Carolina, it having
been ascertained that unlawful eombina
tions do not exist there to the extent described, j
The proclamation suspending said writ, and j
declaring, a« it has been ascertained uni awful J
conspiracies do exist In Union county, the us
ual notice has been given such combinations to
disperse within five days.
The commissioner of pensions has returned j
from his investigation at Philadelphia, and re
ports the defalcation of the pension agent*
Forbes, $.“>2,0( 0. lie has been removed.
(i eorge W. Griffin, of Kentucky, has been ap
pointed L’uited Stales consul at Copenhagen, i
Delegate Iloopcr, from Utah, denies that his
business with Presd 1< Grant is concerning
Utah matters.
If is thought that the application of tire su
preme court for a mandamus to compel the 1
secretary of the treasury to Issue warrants for
alleged to be due Kentucky for arm
ing troops, etc., will bo unsuccessful. i
The remain* of one hundred and twenty con- j:
federate soldiers from North CuroTtna, burled
at Gettysburg, have been removed to lialeigh j
IXSIRAXTE
j In juntl ionw Again*! Neveral oni|innioN
IU>iHoIvo<l Imrstlgnttons.
New York, November ".--Judge Caidoau
to day vacated the injunction granted by him
yesterday against the Mercantile fire insurance
j company, and discharged Its receiver, it prov
ing that the company’s ca«h assets above the
capital of $jn0,0<X), are *92.ffX», and that at the
worst, after raying all claims, seventy five per
cent of the capital will be intact even after re
insuring. The board of underwriters to-day
protested against Cardoza’s action of yesterday
as an outrage. They declared the company to
be perfectly safe, and took action looking to a
modification, and too render such proceedings
impossible hereafter.
The losses of the Mercantile insurance com
pany of New York Is not as great as was first
supposed. The capital stock is not impaired
more than thirty per cent., and this Is more than
made up by the stockholders. The Injunction
heretofore granted has been dissolved, and the
company is now issuing policies as usual.
The superintendent of the Insurance depart
ment has, at the request of the Continental
Insurance Company, Investigated Its affairs,
and finds its capital unimpaired and that it
bolds a large surplus above all claims for losses
by Chicago and otherwise, including an ample
reinsurance fund. The superintendent also
certifies that the voluntary additional half
million capital of the company U more than
doubly subscribed. lie Is now examining the
other Insurance companies.
FROM MEMPHIS.
Mnrderod-Confeaalon—He got IIin Just
1>nea-$30,000 Damage*.
Memphis, November T—Frank Jones, while
walking along the Horn Lake road, two miles
south of this city, was shot by some unknown
person and fatally wounded.
It is reported that Van Roberts, who was *c
quitted a few months since of the murder of
Ada Jones, in a soloon in this ci'y last winter,
died a few days since in Arkansas, and. before
his death, confessed that he murdered her from
jealousy.
A special to the Daily Press from Macon,
Miss., says Wrestler, who killed Shipley, of
Louisville, a few months ago, at forintb, by
upsetting a lamp upon him to cover the robbery,
was shot Wednesday nigh* by an unknown
party and killed.
The case of the Gayosn gas company vs. Mem
phis gas light company, for $.'>>0,000 damages,
was decided in favor of the plaintiff, in the first
circuit court.
Judge Ilirnard of New York, stated in
court yesterday, that he was determined to
stop imprisonment fur debt or as witnesses,
and that no doubt the murderers of Nathan ar.d
Rogers would hav* been discovered, but for
fear that on a plea of tome one who sent tben\of
an indefinite Imprisonment.
XEW VOFK BirXiriPAL NATTERS.
Adttro**** or rise ('ntniniUro of Seventy
t he Ipprntirlilnf "Election- Fro
emit lotto ry Monnirrii, etc.
Nkw York, November 3.—'The address of
the committee adopted at the reform meeting
la>t night, says that there is not in the history
t villainy, a parallel ease for the gigantic crime
against property, conspired by the Tam*
many ring; it was engineered on by complete
subversion of free government, in the very
h1 art of Republicanism, in an American city
having a population of over a million, was di»*
IrauchUcd by an open vote of the legislature,
born and nurtured in Democracy and
Uej ublieanism, an.l was handed over to
a self appointed oligarchy, to be robbed
and plundered by them and their confed
erates here, and assignees for six years*
Vitaln!y, and prospectively forever, the new
city charter gave to a gang of thieves power to
govern this metropolitan city, substantially
deprived the citizens of self control, nullified
their right of suffrage, nullified the principle;
of representation, which authorized a handful
t'f cunning and resolute robbers to levy taxes, j
create a public debt and incur municipal lia-I
bi’itics without cheek, and which placed at!
their disposal the revenues of the great mu-]
r.icipulity and the property of all its citizens.!
The superintend ent of police has ordered the
whole police force on duty election day to
maintain order, Coder the regulations each
•andidate is allowed a friend to be present to
nee fair play in count. The committee of severity
Arranged to haveJud^e Learned,of the superior
'ourt, sit the whole day, independent of the
u»ua).occupants of the boneb, to protect honest
rotors in their rights.
Mayor Hall's chief clerk, in a letter to the
promises, on the part of the mayor, a
prompt invcHtig itinu of all complaints made by
against the inspectors or other poll oili
•iu !gc Barnard has issued an order competi
ng the placing of boxes at the polls for the
■ccrptien of votes for assistant aldermen. An
mlcr was also granted for the mayor to show
Mu*«e, Monday, why not to remove the present
nspeeters of election and appoint others, in
’•'.•nformity with law.
About two thousand young men have been
•nrolled as watchers at the polls, on.the part of
lie committee of seventy and the council of|
uunicipal reform.* f
Beyond the regular political visitors Inclden
il to the excitement of the approaching elec
ion, Mr. Tweed was left at ease yesterday. As
n Ingersoll, Harvey and Woodward, nothing
icw has occurred, and the discussion of their
>roliablf hiding place has almost lost all inter
;st. It is admitted on every hand that they
iavc- escaped from justice, and are not likely to
'•'turn of their own accord.
BRIEF TELEGRVHS.
Siidlcr ill works burned Tuesday. Loss,
pjo.nno.
Cotton iu fair demand in New York yestor
lay, at 18' ,o.
lhc managers of tho American Bible society
lonatc ?5,000 to the Chicago Bible society*.
Warrants have been issued for several New
k ork repeaters, who arc operating on the regls*
ry list*.
Stephen Waterman, a member of the Rhode
-laud I« gi.-lature, shot himself through the
lead yesterday morning.
The lord mayor of London has remitted from
he Chicago relief fund subscribed at the Man
ion house, jl-jG/mO.
Intelligence has been received of the entire
uppre-ion of the insurres ion in Algeria. The
Atives arc generally resuming labor.
It is expected that Jules Ferre will be ap
loint.-d ambassador at Berlin. The Duke of
l ireourt will resume his post at Rome.
Two girls of Lewiston, Me., yesterday, leaped
:i!o the deepest channel of the falls with their
rins interlocked. They left their clothing on
rook.
The police commissioners of New York allow
ach reform candidate to send a man each to
he election to protect him while he is present
l the polls.
Three hundred Mormon* arrived in New
<>i k Wednesday. They arc chiefly from Eng.
land and KtunUinavia. They leave thU even
ing for ruh.
The Hudson River railroad company ha9 ob
tained an injunction against the Hoboken com
mon council, forbidding further interference
with the trade.
If Alexis arrives by Tuesday, the parade will
be held Wednesday. If he land* before Tues
day he goes incognito to Washington until the
election is ever.
Judgf Ingraham has granted a writ of error
in the case of Koscnsweig, the abortionist, re
turn able at the next genera! term of the su
preme court, which take* place in January.
Cyrus ol instead, independent candidate for
the assembly in the Fifth New York district,
wa« yesterday arraigned at the Tomb* on a
charge of forcing bis grandfather'* name. He
was remanded for examination.
In South Carolina, two hundred Kuklux have
made voluntary confessions and surrendered.
Thirty-seven of them confessed in writing. It
i9 estimated that three hundred have fled.
One hundred are eoufloed in jail.
The president of the Long Island sugar re
finery company says that the reported embez
zlement by the secretary is incorrect. He is
eatUtied no embezzlement has been committed,
and the affairs are in good condition.
Ignatius ltraoelon, was arrested in Phila
delphia yesterday, on suspecion that he was
Prank Kelly, the murderer of Lotto. He
has been liberated, the investigation proving
the arrest a mistaken case of identity.
i:raz!tlnn Emancipation Law.
New York. November 3.—The text of the
IlrazliUn emancipation law was published this
morning. The Tribune says of it: “Not only
has no appreciable improvement been made in
the complete scheme originally presented to the
chamber, but one important proviso, that which
liberated the slaves of religious orders, has been
stricken out. The act is an exclusive compro
mise with wrong, and postpones to the next
generation that which ought to be done imrae
dlately.**
ADMINISTRATOR’S SALE
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, That at the ex
pfratton of tour weeks from the date hereof, T
>h ill tile xuy ilnal settlement in the Probate I ourt
Putii'ki county, a» administrator of the estate
of Sarah Giles, deceased.
ll WILES WILKKRSON. Adra’r
Little Rock, <>ctof*er 1811. oet 17-dl-w3t*
NOTICE.
United States Land Office,/
_ v,,, VTTI'* Koce. ARE., October IS, IHTl.
f 1 ri.A IN r having been entered at this offlet
\j by Jaw per N. Hunter against Samuel Hall, loi
abandoning Un> U mtostend entry No. 1, data*! Feb
ruary 97, open the neqrof sw qr and avriirol
qr. suction SH. town-hip 1 north, range 19 west
in Pulaski county, Arkaosas, m ilh a view to th«
car cellation of *ai<t entry, tbe said parties art
hereby summoned to appear at thisofficeon the 97 it
day cf November, 1871, at 10 o’clock a in to re
wjhjivI and furnish testimony concerning sai»i
alleged abandonment.
geo. w. Denison, Register
octta dl tint. R. A EiMiERTON, Receirer.
New Advertisements.
THE STEAMER
CARRIE KOUNTZ
A. II. nil AW
Captain.
Will leave New Orleans for this river, anil run
regularly in the trade, Weduesday next, 8th in
atant. Everyliody will take notion and tendon
orders. JONES, Me DO WELL A CO., Agents,
nov 4-dlt.
Proclamatlea by the (tovernor.
rilHK YRAR NOW CLOSING HAS BEEN ONF.
JL of poace and general prosperity in our state: i
each passing month has witnessed little of sorrow
or suffering among our people; th* labor of the
farmer has been blessed with abundant fruits, and
heaven has smiled upon and tewarded the toiler;
our cities and villages are rapidly increasing in
wealth and population, and the state Is advancing
to a higher rank in the union, k’or all these bless
ings wnich the Almighty has showered upon u>, it
is our meet and bounden duty to give thanks.
I do therefore reoommcnn.in hearty concurrence
with the proclamation of the president of the
United States, that Thursday, the 80th dav of No
vember, be set apart as a day of thanksgiving and
prayer; anil that all, on that dav, suspend their
regular employment, and. gathering in their m
cunturned places of worship, make general acknow
ledgment to Almighty Cod lor the manifold bencfUs
lie has conferred upon us.
In testimony whereof. I have hereunto s»-i
'gi.. i my hand and causal the seal ol the state
1 to be affixed, at Little Kock,this second
day of November, A I>. 1S7I.
U. A. HADLEY, Governor.
By the Governor:
J. M. Jounhos.
by Frank Strong. Deputy. nov 4-daw id
S. L. GRIFFITH CO.,
1871.
1072.
At the old and well known stand of
H. TU C Iv K It
Arc now owning a larger stork than ever IkmY»h\
for Fall ami Winter trade, con»DUng
in part ol
STAPLE DRY GOODS,
AI L KINDS.
FANCY DRESS GOODS,
ATX KINDS.
Notions and Trimmings,
AM, KINDT
LACES, EDGINGS AND RIBBONS,
ALT, KINDS.
Ladies' Furnishing Goods,
ALL KINDS.
GENTS’ FURNISHING GOODS.
ALL KINDS.
Boots, Shoes and Hats,
Blankets and Quilts,
CARPETINGS,
ALL KINDS.
civets in Silk, and VelvHceus.
Curtains and Curtain Goods,
QIL CLOTHS, TRUSKS&VALISES,
-AND
BOYS’ CLOTHING,
At very low prices, together with thousands of
other article* usually kept in a Dry
Uooda House.
8. L. GRIFFITH CO,
oet 28 dtf.
EQUAL TO THE EMERGENCY!
TIIK I/M8KS OK T1IK
/ETNA INSURANCE CO.
At Chicago will not exceed two million dollars,
which will bo promptly paid, ami still leave
Assets, $4,000,000.
THE UNDERWRITERS’ AGENCY
Lom> $90f»,000, if every risk on their hooks in fit
burnt district proves a total loss. This will
leave upward* of a half million dol.
lars surplus over untouched
capitals, or
e
Assets, $2,500,000.
These losses of surplus fell upon the stockholder
sod not upon the publlr.
TbeChlcsso eslsmitv furnishes additions! proo
®i the insufficiency or local companies, tarefu
SucWpSe 8oK?4 UV,Sa
LUCIEN J.
oct 17-dtf.
BARNES, Agt.
A AP Ay KM—A victim of earlv indite
&TeiXn2F!VJSr7oaa ?ebn,fcy- proinaturt
W *Ki-hViif iTi™} ln rAia every advertiacd
kk24*ftV*r*i ®ean. of M>lf.
iw riiteSi£r?lto hil fellow-»uffer
5/I» AillVIta, HJ Nassau street,
new lork aug wly
Now Advertisements.
New Boot and Shoe Store
ITTNER DALE,
iValer* in and Manufacturer ol
BOOTS AND SHOES.
MO MARKHAM ST.,
Arc n«*\v opening a full and complete stock ol
Men’., ami I hil.Iron’s
Boots, Shoes and Gaiters,
Ami nr* prepared to suit all, an regards ciunllty,
styles ami prices. We have all of the leading
eastern amt western manufactured goods instock,
nn.l are .tally receiving new an<i fresh supplies.
Wo have seen red the services of Mr. K. M.
It A K KSTK A W, wno will have charge of the inanu
factoring department, ami w ill he glad to serve nil
who wi-di jicrfet: tilts. Ladies’ ami Gentlemen's due
BOOTS AND SHOES
A specialty. AH work warranted to suit. Our
terms are *trict!y ca*h on delivery of yoo*h. Oar
prices will compare with those ot any market.
all and examine our stock at. the new store in
the Redmond Idock, 1 lo Markham street, two door*
below Gazette fllrc. oot :f».dtl
opi:\n« of tiii:
Memphis Branch Store!
1 WII.I. OPEN ON MONDAY U( TOl’.KIi :lu,
a very Am* stork of
MILLINERY!
Real and Imitation Laces anil Lacc Goods
n:\vm.itv,
1 til iboiis, 1'(- alliei's, I'lo with
anil l)rcs*< Trlmmhigs
VKI.VET III!)BON*, CollSKTS, f. I»I KS* I S.
DKK* AliMKNTs,
An*l a very largo variety of very fine
Fancy Goods.
r|1!IK ABOVE HOOD* are all the lutcitstyle*.
JL amt most of them our own importation. Our
reputation lor many yours u-» the most fashionable
hou»o in Memphis, ami my determination to bring
hero very fine ami MvlUh goods, and sell them at
very low prices, encourages mo with the hone that
the I Julies of this city branch will patronize the
ItoTisc- L. KUkMiCIt,
Main street, next house above tlie corner of Fourth;
house formerly occupied by Mr. VJgncau as a
hair store, octSO dlw
BARGAINS
REAL ESTATEI
T1IUKK I.OT8 IN’ lll.Oi K H, COIt.NKK TtllK
teenth iiiid Maio-nilereil cheap; one-half
BLOCK SOI, M A It K11 M 8THKKT VKUV
:heaji—entire Itloclt at per lot.
KINK BK81DKN0E-ltUH.il 3. STEVENSON'S
sit<l 11ion three lots, seven -roomed house, shrub
K*ry, fruit orchard, etc.
MAIN STREET LOTS -ONE NEAR THIRD
and three near Seventh. All good business prop
erty.
BLOrK 1C7 FOURTEENTH AND LOUISIANA,
w hole block for sale heap. Terms easy.
BLOCK 195 THREE LOTS, THIRTEENTH
and Spring. Houses on it renting for nearly ftluO
per month.
FINE GARDEN FARM—40 ACRES, ADJOIN
mg the city, <«K)J bou»o, g.t rden and shrubbery.
HOTEL PROPERTY —TWO I/>TS. HOUSE
has eighteen rooms; rent a low for iiw> per month.
Price, f8,000.
BLOCK 93—THREE TOTS, TWELFTH AND
Cumlierland. Fine building lots; newly timred'
opposite senator Rice’s.
BLOCK 338-THREE LOTS; fits PER LOT.
RESIDENCE—TWO BLOCKS FROM STATE
House. New two-story residence, with sevcu
BLOCK 32—ONE LOT, NEAR REAR OF LAP
fiery's store. Valuable property,.
HOUSE AND LOT-THIRTEENTH AND
Main; corner lot, Whole property, $1,600.
BLOCK 45—Til EK LOTS, TWELFTH ASI>
Cumtarland. $600 each. Terms easy.
BLOCK 15—ST. JOHN’S COLLEGE ADDITION.
Three beautiful lots; fence and shade trees. Cheap.
BLOCK 329 ENTIRE—SEVENTH AND I’U
l&skl; new fence, trees. $350 per lot.
2*) ACRES, ONE AND A HALF MILES FROM
*tate-hou*e; ail under fence; splendid farming
lands; six houses. Sold In from ten to eighty aero
lots, to snlt purchaser*.
500 ACRES, FIVE MILES FROM HUNTERS
ville—cheap.
PLANTATION—600 ACRES; ABOVE THE CITY
ten inile« wood house and out-buildings; orchard.!
Being cultivated.
SUBURBAN PROPERTY—IN SMALL LOTS 1
of ten to forty acres, lying near the ©tty.

The above proiKJrty, and a large amount of city
sale by11,1 tIT I*ltfI>crty nut *P*M«** here, is for!
Real K>tate
no? 1 dim.
J. II. BAMION,
Agent, over Cohen's Store.
Dry Goods.
HOME AGAIN!
LEO POLLOOK
IN' lirHOM» STASH. MTT IS
NEW STORE!
wori.it r.K ri.KASRh to akk his
OLD FRIENDS AND CUSTOMERS.
I am now |»n>|>:woi| in show the finest stork of
DRESS GOODS
IN TilK STATIC AT
PRICES EXTREMELY LOW.
Full Advertisement in a Few Days.
LEO POLLOCK,
..pr1 *!:■!£-_ _ Mmlm
•>HV GOODS.
DIETRICH SON,
Fletcher Hotze Block,
Main Street,
Are now receiving their Fall <;oods, and are pi*,
to show h veiy attractive itock of
DRESS GOODS,
English, French, (icrmun and American—a fall
assortment of unusually handsome styles.
Velveteens, Repellants and .Prints,
S^w and beautiful design*, carefully selected
Trom immense Mocks, and specially adapted
to the city retail trade.
Flannels, White Goods, Shawls,
Knit Goods, Hoods, Nubias,
Linens, Laces, TrinuninjES, NotioM, Jet Gnois,
Table l.lana, Taweln, Elr.

BUOWN’ AND }lLEACHED, S,9 Ull 10-4.
Gentlemen’s Shirts,
Woolen Shirts and Drawers.
BOOTS AND SHOES,
Burt's Gentlemen's French Calf Boots and Coo*
rre«g Gaiters, with a full lias of Men*!. Bara*
uid Youth's, Women's. Misses* aad ifendns'i
isoots, 3boes and ualtert of heat manufacture.
septan dtr.
DIETRICH SON.