4
Terms of Subscription,
PAYABLE is AUTASCX S
pally Edition, per year, toy matt. —*.......112.00
Tri-weekly Edition, per year, by hai1............ 6.00
Sunday Edition, per year, by matt., ZSO
Weekly Edition, per year, by watt.— 2XO
Tarts 0! a year at tie same rate.
To prevent delay and mistakes, be sore and gtre Post
Office address in lull, including State and county.
pf»rnittaTsf«i>a may be made either by draft, express,
•Post Office order, or in registered letters, at oar risk.
TEBUS TO CTIT BCBSCBIBEES l
•Dally, delivered, Sunday excepted, 25 cents per week.
Daily, delivered, Sunday Included, 30 cents per week.
Address THE TRIBUNE COUP ANY,
No. 15 Canal-st., Chicago, lIL
•SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1871,
THE POWERS OF THE MAYOR.
The Legislature of niinois is a reasonable
and intelligent body, and the people of tbe
State may expect that their action, approved
by the Governor, will meet the just wants
of all parts of the State. Unfortunately,
however, the practice prevails of leaving to
the local Representatives the determination
of all measures having a local bearing, an
■when fur any cause these local Eeprcscnta
fives do not agree among themselves, the
Legislature is apt to let the whole thing
drop This is specially the case with the
1 ill huown as the Mayor’s hill, hy which it
is sought to give to the Chief Executive of
this city some executive power, and par
ticularly the power to remove an insubordi
nate, corrupt, or incompetent member of the
several administrative boards, if .any such
there be. The Mayor’s present authority is
limited to vetoing ordinances, issuing of
proclamations against mad dogs, and occa
sionally rceiving visitors from abroad.
Though the entire official force of the city
may be corrupt and profligate, the Mayor has
no authority to interfere for the protection
of the people hy removing an officer even of
the grade of patrolman. The various boards
act independently of him. Ail departments of
the government communicate directly to the
Council, and not through the Mayor; the
whole machinery of the government is be
yond any control or sanction hy him. He is
as useless, as regards any power to do good,
as the janitor of the building in which his
office is located. When a vacancy occurs in
an appointment office, he nominates a person
to till the place, and, once appointed, the
officer ceases to be responsible to the Mayor
or to any authority thereafter.
The Mayor is supposed to he responsible for
the management of city affairs, when in fact
be has less authority in the government of the
city than any of the other officers. Thecity is
governed by boards, each possessing the irre
sponsible authority to expend monej*; the
only limit upon their expenditure is the re
fusal of the Council to appropriate;
but it has never been difficult
to induce the Common Council to vote any
sum of money asked by a board, when that
request was hacked by an army of contract
ors. among whom the money was to bo ex
pended. We fear that the present Council
will not be much improvement on its prede-
ccssor.
The present condition o£ affairs in Chicago
calls for the exercise of the strictest econo
my, rigidaccountability, and the most intelli
gent officers. The people of this city, at the
recent election, decided, by an overwhelm
ing vote, in favor Of thorough reform in
every branch of tho public service. The
flayer, as his immediate predecessors did,
and as his successors will, unless the law be
changed, linds himself powerless, unable to
correct any abuse, or do or perform any act
of executive authority. The city is practi
cally in the hands of subordinate officers, in
dependent of each other, and not responsible
lo any person or authority. Each depart
ment is an independent municipal govern
ment, free of any control or supervision by
the Mayor. Under these circumstances,
representing the unanimous wishes of
the people of this city who do
not live upon contracts and upon
official perquisites, an appeal was made to
the Legislature to confer upon the Mayor
some executive power iu the government of
the city. The Legislature, as a body, recog
nizing the justice and necessity of the case,
would have granted the relief had not the
usual disturbance taken place among the
Cook County members. Some of these in
terposed petty quibbles; some of these
wanted the Commissioners protected, and
still others were afraid of tho dangerous pre
cedent of allowing the Mayor to dismiss
office-holdersfromtheirnlaces. There seemed
to be a general apprehension that, if honesty
and capacity be made qualllicatious for of
fice, there will be a general upheaval of tho
social system, and no man will bo safe.
There Is not a fair-minded and honest man
holding office in Chicago who has the least
fear of being removed; not one of them
objects to having tho Mayor made in fact,
as he is in name, the head of the city gov
ernment.
Whether there be any reform in the city
covemment or not depends upon the author
ity which tho Legislature may confer, or,
rather, restore to the Mayor, for that pur
pose. The responsibility is with that body.
The Mayor has been elected to accomplish
general reforms; if the power to do this is
denied him, his responsibility ceases. If the
people who elected the Legislature and the
Common Council can stand a continuance,
in an aggravated form, of all the abuses of
the past, tho Mayor can endure it as well as
ihe rest: aud it will he a sufficient answer to
questions why the popular demand for rc
foian has not been complied with, that tho
Legislature refused the Mayor all execu
tive power, aud left him a mere agent to
witness the evils which he was powerless to
pievcut or expose.
LEGISLATIVE APPORTIONMENT.
There are three propositions before the
Legislature for apportioning Senatorial Dis
tricts, in the next General Assembly, iu Cook
County. Wo have at present four Senators
and twenty-two Representatives in tbo Gen
eral Assembly,and they are hopelessly divid
ed as to the proper arrangement of the new
Senatorial Districts. In the new apportion
ment, this county is to haveseven Senatorial
Districts, in each of which are to be elected
ihu e Representatives. On Tuesday last a
portion of the Cook County delegation
:u?< ptcd the following plan of division.
ti ls, Third. nud Fourth Wards,
o rifth and Si\lh Waids, and Bremen, Lake,
RlcoS, Calumet. Ortaud, Rich. Hyde Park,
Worth, and Thornton.
The other towns outside the city, and the
Seventh Ward.
a Eighth. Twelfth, and Thirteenth \S ards.
r." Vmth. Tenth, and Eleventh Wards.
*i:*. Fourteenth, Fifteenth, tUXtI Eighteenth
V. sixteenth. Seventeenth, Nineteenth, and
Twentieth Wards.
TLe geographical exigencies of several ol
these districts are remarkable. Tints the
Severn UlVard of tbe city is picked out and
united to the town of Hanover, forty miles
distant. Another proposition, which comes
to v.s stigmatized as “the Democratic plan,”
makes the following arrangement©! districts;
1. First, Second, Third, and Fourth Wards.
Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Wards.
i:i"hth and Ninth Wards.
•i. Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Wards,
o. Tniiieenlh, Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Six
teen! h Wards.
G. Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and
Twentieth Wards.
7. The towns not in the city of Chicago.
IColtvitbstanding this last plan is stamped
Democratic,” it is unquestionably the best
and fairest that has yet been presented. In
the matter of population it is as near equal
ity as can be attained. It has the advantage
of dividing the city by wards in numerical
.older. The county towns have a Senator to
iht n >clvc s.and to which their aggregate pop
ulation entitles them. They can have a man
of their own choice without danger of being
overwhelmed by the city. In like manner
they will be able to eiect their own Kepre
henfalives (three), and not have persons from
the city forced on them, or he forced to bur
den i heir Representative* with the local in
terests of the city.
The objection to this plan which is urged is,
that ii will establish two districts in which,
accoi dino to old party lines, tbe Democrats
w ill have n majority. Considering the rela
tive piopcrlion of the Democratic voters in
this i oralv, two districts out of seveu
is rid her moderate allowance. Under
-bis pian of division the Democrats would
elect l-ciialoisiu tbe .Second and Third Dis
tricts. tv.o Depicscntatives in each of the
t-nne V.Ulib is. ami one each in tbe First.
IVritb Fifth, and Sixth Districts, making
an aggregate of two Senators and eight Rop--
reeentatives, leaving to the Icopnblicans tivo
Senators and thirteen Representatives. Thero
is nothing in the constitution which requires
that districts shall he established in such
manner as not to permit a Democrat to be
elected to either branch of the General As
sembly. The constitution requiresthat the
districts shall bo formed of such contiguous
and compact territory” as may have the
requisite population. If this contiguous and
compact territory shall have a majority o
Democratic votes, that fact docs no
rant, nor will it justify, a departure
constitutional rule, to accomplish a cron
political result. Under the a
tioned the Democratic voters of this county,
at the most, could not elect more than sis
Representatives, and not a single Senator.
Sucl/an arrangement .voulduot be honest,
ami* moreover, is bad policy. _
The chief difficulty, however, arises from
the attempt to make districts for particular
individuals,— that is, for one Republican as
against all other Republicans. Instead of
selecting compact and contiguous territory
for a district, the effort is to add territory
enough to the precinct in which some person
resides, and erect the same into a Senatorial
District. Unfortunately, Cook County has
but seven Senators, when there are seventy
times seven candidates willing to serve. To
so arrange the districts that no two of these
candidates will be in the same district, is the
difficult problem which casts our delegation
in the Legislature into such desperate
schisms. The people of this county want no
apportionment which is not fair and honest,
and, if the making of such au apportionment
shall throw several great meu into the same
district where only one can he elected, the
people will accept the loss of the services of
the others with reasonable complacency. As
our delegation will not agree, the House
probably had better adopt the Democratic
plan, which certainly is the best yet pro
posed. m
THE SECRETARY OF STATE.
The reports which have been some time
current in the public journals, presaging tbo
retirement of Secretary Fish from the Cabi
net, whether correct or not, make the pres
ent time a most fitting one to recognize the
eminent services this gentleman has per
formed for the country in its relations to
the other powers of the world, and the digni
ty and statesmanlike ability with which
ho has filled his important station.
Coming into public office with Presi
dent Grant’s administration, and shar
ing alike in the praise or blame which has
attached to that administration, embarrassed
often with serious complications at home as
well as abroad, he has administered his
official duties in a manner whichhas won the
respect of his political enemies and the favor
able recognition of foreign powers. His ex
ample and his success give point to the truth
that the successful politician need not be a
boor in manners or an ignoramus in culture
and strikingly illustrate the fact that
personal dignity and courtesy, schol
arlj' attainments, and gentlemanly bearing
adorn office and elevate it in the good opin
ions of those whose good opinions are worth
having. To these personal qualities, which
should pertain to auy office, Secretary Fish
has brought a knowledge of international
law, a patient carefulness of investigation, a
calm judgment and firm decision, and a
watchful guard over the national interests,
while yielding!© other potion* what was their
1 due, which specially qualified him to till th<3
1 chair of Secretary of State. It would be im
possible for such a man to bo present in an
administration without making his persona
character and his wise statesmanship felt
throughout every branch of it, giving tone
to it and elevating it, in spite of formidable
obstacles. The United States has nearly
always been fortunate in the men who
have occupied the chair of Secre
tary of State. The names of such
men as John Quincy Adams, ‘William L.
Marcy, Daniel Webster, Edward Everett,
William H. Seward, James Madison, James
Monroe, Henry Clay, and John C. Calhonn,
are names which are more familiar, and will
probably be longer remembered, than those
of any others in these respective Cabinets.
By right both of his personal and official
character, both as gentleman and statesman,
Secretary Fish takes an honorable place with
these, both in home and foreign esteem. The
duties of his office have not been simply
those of routine. Difficult and complicated
questions have come before him for solution.
The result of his treatment of these questions
is, that we stand to-day in kindly relations
with all foreign powers, and that, too, with
out any loss of public honor. It is to his
statesmanship, principally, that wo are in
debted for tbo practical settlement of the
Alabama claims against Great Britain and
the counter-claims of that power against
ns, as well as of the supple
mentary question of the fisheries,
through the medium of tho Washington.
Treaty, questions which more than once
have come near involving the two countries
in war. TTis diplomacy has been a protecting
-shield to American citizens in Cuba during
the revolution against Spain, and whatever
troubles have arisen between tho two coun
tries have grown out of the fact that somo
Spaniards became American citizens simply
to claim the protection of the American flag,—
a trouble which couldnot have been avoided
under tbe existing circumstances, and tho
almost utter confusion and anarchy which
have prevailed and still prevail in that
island. Under all circumstances which have
required political sagacity, skilful diplomacy
and broad, comprehensive statesmanship.
Secretary Fish has always been equal to the
emergency, and, whether he shall resign his
post or not, has deserved well of his country.
TOBACCO AND THE TOBACCO TAX.
Taxes on tobacco arc, at present, levied
upon cigars, upon manufacturers of tobacco
ami cigars, dealers in loaf, and dealers in
manufactured tobacco. Manufactured to
bacco. that -which is used for chewing and
smoking, pays a tax of :J2 cents per pound on
one kind, and 1C cents on the other. Nearly
all the smoking tobacco pays the 10 cent
tax; raw or leaf tobacco used for smoking
pays no additional tax in that form; while all
the varieties of chewing tobacco arc taxed
at :52 cents. The consumption of the latter
is sixty-four millions of pounds annually,
and four-fifths of the whole revenue is de
rived from that kind of tohacco. There is
an inequality, however. Leaf tohacco (not
manufactured) used for chewing and smok
ing pays no tax. while the commonest grades
of smoking tobacco pay 10 cents per
pound. Dealers and manufacturers bare
long urged that the tax on all varieties of
tohacco elnall be ninfgyni, At ouo time the
rales of iobaCCO tax lunged from 10 to 45
cents per pound: but ex'periencc showed
flint, tbo fewer tbe grades, tlie greater the
reveiiite and tireless trouble. Manufactured
tobacco now pars tiiC ax before it leaves the
factory. Tbe difficulty is i.i determining tbe
single rate at wbiob it shall be taxed. Shan
the tax he 10, 24. or 22 cents per pouul? The
total collections show that last year 105,825,-
PC3 pounds of manufactured tobacco paid
tax. The revenue from all kinds of tobacco
taxes was £55,578,007. Had the tax on manu
factured tobacco been uniform at :J2 cents per
pound, tho revenue from that source alone
would have been $20,442,201, and the whole
re venue $25,401,728. Had the tax been 24
cents, tbe total revenue would have been
$550,550,588, and the rate of 1(5 cents would
Lave produced $2:5.240,045, The Commissioner
of internal Revenue advises that the highest
rate I>o selected, and that all tobacco shall
pay 02 ecu/ 5 P er pound tax. .According to his
own ligures, fjowever, the uniform rate of
24 cents would lu*vc produced within $2,000,-
000 as much revenue as was actually
collected. Considering the greater facility
of collecting a tax levied a t but one rate, and
subjecting all kinds retailed to the same tax,
the result will probably bo an increase of
revenue in addition to the regular increase
of consumption.
Tbe consumption of coffee in the United
States during tbe year ending June ao.lSTl,
was :H7,!iH2,018 p nuds, having a valuo of
$111,000,000. Tbe same people consumed 10.»,-
DCO.OOO pounds of tobacco for smoking and
chewing (exclusive of cigars), tbe tax alone
on which was nearly equal to
the whole value of tbe coffee.
Including the tax on imported tobacco and
cigars, the total revenue from tobacco ex
ceeds tbe value of all tbe tea and coffee im
ported into tbe United States, while in the
matter of expense there are five dollars paid
out (for tobacco to tbe one dollar
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9, 187 L
that is paid for tea and coflee, In many
districts, especially in the South, coffee is
never used; rye, peas, beans, and other sub
stitutes are used, but tobacco is considered
one of the necessaries of life. If put to a
vote, iv© suppose that those who regard
tobacco indispensable to comfort would
largely outnumber those who consider tea
and cofleehecessarica of life.
THE T*' vrlrs OF XSB MISSISSIPPI.
The States of Mississippi, Arkansas, and
Louisiana, or somebody representing them,
are again before the National Board of
Trade; in pursuit of aid for the improvement
of tbeir territory lying along the Missis
sippi River. These parties desire to reclaim
certain lauds (mostly er wholly private
property) by means of levees along the river
banks; and, to raise the funds wherewith to
do this work, they ask tbe United States, or
any responsible corporation* which makes a
business of guaranteeing investments, to en
dorse their bonds in tbe sum of $25,000,000.
These parties were before the National Board
of Trade, on Thursday, when their project
received a quite full discussion, the 'weight of
which was certainly adverse to the proposed
measure. Theproposition,afterreceivingsome
damaging blows from Messrs. Atkinson, of
Boston, Wetherell, of Philadelphia, Holton,
of Milwaukee, and others, was referred back
to a committee, in whose limbo, wo trust, it
may remain for the present.
The advocates of tbe proposed subsidy
(for it amounts to that) can properly claim
two things, viz: that the lands along
the Lower Mississippi need protec
tion of some sort, and that the credit of
the three States named needs bolstering up.
Unfortunately for their cause, however, they
cannot show to any thinking man that it is
the duty of the United States to do either of
these things out of its own Treasu
ry. That nobody will take the
bonds of the Lower Mississippi
States without some responsible endorse
ment is not to bo wondered at, either in the
light of their past financial history, or of
their present political tutelage. Louisiana
and her neighbors are sullbring worse, per
haps, from the deluge of carpet-baggers
which has swept over them, than from any
overflow of the Father of Waters; and it is
not only the province hut the duty of the
General Government to rid them of the for
mer before trying to do anything for the lat
ter. The benefits in this case would he pri
vate, while in the other they would he pub
lic. If the Lower Mississippi States were not
really very poor, after all the assaults
of the scallawag Legislatures, wo
might with a good grace commend to them
the example of Illinois in regard to her Illi
nois and Michigan Canal enlargement and
Illinois River improvement, as one worthy,
of their emulation in this levee matter.
This work of ours was one of far greater na
tional importance than their plantation im
provement scheme, and yet we carried it
through at our own expense—just as we
ought to have done. If Louisiana, Missis
sippi, and Arkansas are not able to go and
do likewise, they would, perhaps, do best to
encourage some wealthy private corporation
to buy up the submerged plantations and
take their own measures, subject to St ate re
striction, and, perhaps, some State aid, as to
the reclamation of the property.
EISMAEK ON DIPLOMATIC STYLE.
The German Reichstag has lately been
Struck ivith au idea that there ig a good deal
of humbug about the glitter and pouip with
which European governments are accus
tomed to fit out their representatives iu
foreign countries, aud a bill has accordingly
been introduced to abolish the title and rank
of Ambassadors. Prince Bismark, it seems,
does not fall in with this idea. Ho endeavors,
in a speech on tho estimates for tho Depart
ment of Foreign Affairs, to persuade the
Reichstag that the consideration iu which
the Emperor will bo held by tbe people of
foreign countries depends almost directly
upon tho degree of stylo which the Ambassa
dor or Envoy is able to keep up,
Now, so far as America is concerned, wo
thiuk we ore authorized iu informing Herr
Bismark, in tho most unofficial way possible,
that it doesu’t make a copper’s difference
whether ho sends us a Prince of the bluest
blood or a plebeian of the lowest origin (so far
as mere rank is concerned), so that he ho au
honorable man and attend to his own busi
ness, as some of tho foreign Ministers of high
rank do not. What wo respect in Germany
is, not tho gold lace upon her Ministers’
coats, nor even tho jewels iu her
Emperor’s crown; but her intellec
tual greatness, her popular enlightenment,
and her other intrinsic elements calculated
to command respect. This sentiment would
naturally bo expected from democratic
America but we aver that it is also true of
other nations as well—especially of all cir
cles likely to know anything about foreign
politics. Tho existing custom, at European
courts, of bestowing upon foreign Ministers
attentions aud favors according to their pri
vate rank, instead of that of their nation,
is probably the most conspicuous piece of
folly which now remains to make tho cus
toms of royal courts ridiculous in the
eyes of the nineteenth century. Amer
ica has been nearly able, alone, to
break up this antiquated and nonsensical
system, and establish the principle that an
Ambassador’s errand at a foreign court is
htfsiuefift, and not show. If our system of
appointments to the diplomatic service had
heeu more wisely regulated, we should have
completely accomplished this already. With
a reasonable reform in this respect, and with
tbe co-operation of the second power in
Christendom, we can certainly bring affairs
to that point where, |i£ our Ambassadors
choose to sit .at the table of royalty at alb
Mr. Brown, of America, or Herr Weiss, of
Germany, will not be placed hcJoic Abdul
Aswoz, of Turkey, or tho Rajah Parapattipan
Kccjo Dizzwizzy Hangup, of Scnugapataw.
The New York ll'orhl, iu its anxiety to
prove President Grant “a noodle” (usitterms
him), and to disarm his message of its points
for electioneering purposes, commits itself
to a serious misstatement concerning the
laws against polygamy. Quoting a passage
of the message on tho subject, it says:
In point of fact, there Is no statute of the
United States forbidding polygamy in Utah, al
though it has always been competent for Con
gress to pass one, if it had seen fit. The Republi
can party has controlled Congress for the last
eleven years, but during all this time, etc., etc.
The World is altogether too knowing on the
subject. If it had consulted tbe statute books,
instead of its own internal consciousness, it
would have lost its point against the Re
publican party, but would have gained an
important piece of information, viz.: that
one of the earliest acts of tbo Republican
party, after gaming its ascendency in Con
gress, was to pass (in 16(52) an act prohibiting
polygamy iu tbo Territories, This act has
been in force—or, rather, in existence—ever
since; but lias not sevVOd to check tho de
grading practices of Young and hlfi clique,
owing chiefly to the difliculty of proving the
plural marriages, aU evidence of which the
pcrpeftiUore have always caroflll f° coa
ccal from tbdOentile world. It in tluo P ,cl:
which has forced the. authorities iu Utah
back upon the Territorial statutes as a means
of punishing the crimes of tho Mormon
leaders, and thereby so badly befogged the
World.
The New York Tribune has the following
gossip concerning a well-known public char-'
acter, of whom the country has heard little
or nothing since his ignominious failure to
disrupt the Republican party iu Massachu
setts, some four months ago
General Butler announced, the other day,
while travelling on a Sound steamer, that he
favored Speaker Blaine fjr the Republican nomi
nation for the Vice Presidency, and meant to do all
he could to help him. The report of tliin sudden
change from hostility to affection, on the part of
the lute candidate for Governorof Massachusetts
toward bis old enemy, the Speaker, causes mneh
astonishment among tho politicians here. 'lt was
related in a circle of New England Congressmen,
last evening, and the only explanation suggested
for Butler’s unexpected anxiety for air. Blaine s
advancement was, that the General wants to pay
off Senator Wilson for his interference in the
Massachuscl Is canvass. Senator Wilson ■wants to
bo Vico President—nt loast, Butler supposes so
und tile General believes that tbe liest way to nip
Ins aspirations in tbe bud is to set np Blame ns a
rival Kca* England candidate.
It may bo that this is tne true explanation
of Butler’s cringing attitude toward Blaine
but it is more, likely found in the simple fact
that Butler is one of tboso sagacious lighters
who know when they aro well whipped, and
who immediately “accept tbo situation.”
lie was well-whipped by Blaine in a notable
encounter in the House of Kcpresentalives
Inst March, and be knows it. It was a repe
tition of bis imbroglio with Grant, with Bad-
ditional emphasis. Whether or not Sutler
has been eating his hmnble pie In the precise
manner mentioned by the Tribune, ■he has
doubtless stood ready to eat it whenever the
opportunity came.
Here is a lesson never to be forgotten by
insurance companies in America: It is an
nounced by tbo Hartford Ccurant that the
three insurance companies in that city which
have survived the Chicago lire, and are still
doing business, have received for premiums
dmlug the mouth of October almost double
the amount obtained in October 1870, hy all the
insurance companies, nine in number, then do
ing business in Hartford. In addition to
which, it is stated that the rates of pre
miums have been increased an average of 25
per cent. Probably the stockholders of these
companies will bo richer, notwithstanding
their severe losses, two years hence, than
they would have been without the Chicago
fire. Probably these capitalists bad their
fortunes so largely invested in their insur
ance stock that it was “neck or nothing”
with them, their future progress depending
entirely upon the continuance of their busi
ness. If so, they may thank fortune for
that circumstance, as will many of our Chi
cago business men, on finding how well it
pays to never say die.”
The Secretary of the Interior, in bis an
imal report to Congress, recommends a
thorough revision of the census law of 1850,
under which the last three enumerations
have been made. Among the faults which
require remedy are these That the exist
ing schedules for industrial and social sta
tistics are far too limited in many respects,
and too extensive in a few; that the wages
now fixed for enumerators are not adequate
to the securing of good men for the work
and, finally and chiefly, that “The act of
1850, while charging important and critical
duties upon this department, fails to commit
to it that control over its immediate agents
in the census which is recognized in every
other service known to the law as essential
to the satisfactory performance of duty, and
even to official responsibility for results.”
The Secretary commends highly the labors
of General F. A. Walker, Chief of the Bureau
of Statistics {recently promoted to the office
of Indian Commissioner), and announces
that the full report of the Ninth Census will
be out much more promptly and ho much
better arranged than auy of its predecessors.
We rise to reiterate a remark, often made
by sagacious newspaper-readers, that one
may often find as much nows in the advertis
ing columns as in the telegraph. This has
been found true in Chicago, where the ad
vertising columns of The Tribune have
been read, especially since, the fire, with
fully as much interest as the news-columns,
because they afford a very interesting pic
ture of many phases, otherwise umlisceraible,
of the reconstruction of Chicago. We find it
also true in Davenport. The Gazette of that
city announces to its readers (doubtless as an
advertisemcut, “for which the editors do
not wish to he held responsible”) that The
Davenport Daily Gazelle is now the best
medium for obtaining the earliest nows
throughout large portions of lowa. Especial
ly is" this true sinee the destruction of the
Chicago Journal*.”
Now, who would ever have known that
the Chicago journals had been destroyed if
he had not lead the Davenport advertise,
ments?
The Common Council are about to desig
nate a corporation newspaper” for the en
suing two years. All the first-class newspa
pers have declined to compete forthe distinc
tion, some considering the compensation in
sufficient, and others preferring not to have
their feet tangled with city printing at any
price. Here is a chance for the Council to
take a step in the direction of retrenchment.
The corporation printing could not possibly
he done in a newspaper where it would ho
lees likely to meet the public eye than in the
one in which it has been done during the past
four years. As all other kinds of experi
ments have heen-mado with the city printing,
why not try for once tho experiment of des
ignating the newspaper which will do it for
the least money T
THE NORTHWEST.
IKKINOIS.
The new school-house at Champaign was de
stroyed by lire on the 4th inst. Loss, §IO,OOO.
—George D. Taggart, an old resident of Peo
ria, died on the sth inst. His son was formerly
State's Attorney at Peoria.
—The Peoria Common Council arc discussing
the propriety of licensing the social evil.
—Two old citizens of Washington—Dr. Wood, a
well-known physician, and W. M. Holland, who
was a gun-repairer for tho Indians before they
were removed west of tho Mlsalsaippi-havo died
recently.
—Joel W. Armstrong, a well-known citizen of
LaSalle County, died at his homo in Deer Park,
on tho 2d inst., of typhoid fever.
—Alfred Hohlner, a collier, at Petersburg, was
killed in a, drunken quarrel with George Collen
bach, another collier, on tho 3d inst.
—The schools of Galesburg (arc managed by a
Board of Education, who aro dependent upon tho
Common Council for funds. A pretty quarrel is
now going on between these bodies, and the
schools suffer proportionately.
—Tho mechanics of Ottawa have established a
Building and Savings Association, to which the
members pay in a certain amount monthly. The
Directors of tho association have regular meet
ings, and allot the moneys received in sums oj
from S2OO to S3OO to members who desire to con
struct houses for themselves.
Some miscreant has been poisoning cattle
belonging to C. F. Parker, nccu’ Wyanet. Cattle
feeding in a certain pasture have been dying
mysteriously for several years, so singularly that
Mr. Parker’s suspicions were aroused. Recently
three died, and he got Dr. Lurnmcr to examine
their stomachs, who found strychnine In them.
IOWA.
Davenport has four tax-payers who pay over
SI,OOO each.
Tho Mississippi River, at Burlington, has
not closed, until this year, in November, since
184°
Winfield Campbell, a recent temperance
lecturer at Dubuque, is now a barkeeper in tho
same place.
—Tho boilers at Weyorhanscn, Scheffer «fc Co.’s
fionr-mill, at Coal Valley, exploded on the 6th
inst., annihilating tho mill, but fortunately kill
ing no one.
WISCONSIN.
A woman named Keulktim was killed by her
husband, at Burlington, Baciuo County, on the
2d iust. The husband, who was a brutal, drunken
wretch, has fled.
—Mrs. Van Cott, the Revivalist, is converting
tho Beaver Damitea.
—Tho La Crosse Leader says great activity pre
vails in tho lumbering circles at the present time,
and the offices of the loggers are thronged with
men seeking employment in the woods this win
ter, The price of labor averages from $23 to S3O
per mouth. Tho lumbcnUCß pumiig on mi
unusually large i\”luber of men and teams, and
aro Preparing to do a heavy winter’s work. With
t’afticient snow for logging from the Ist of Decem
ber to the 20tli of March, it Is estimated that 300,-
000,000 feet Will be put in on Black River, which
will bo about 100,0co,C?0 more than any previous
year. From present prospects the increase on the
Wisconsin, Chippewa, and Eau Claird Rivers will
be from 30 to 50 per cent.
—A construction train ran off tho track at
Oconto, on tho aotb ult.. and killed a man named
Quirk JiO was on a) car laden with railroad iron,
■when'll nci&«! that the oar« Mead of tho one
on which he -was efcfflfllng -were running off the
track, and, thinking his cbahccs ho. ter oil than
on, jumped to tho ground. Before ho co J
escape, the rails from the car were preeip., l
upon film, killing him immediately.
—Tho Watertown Democrat reports several
eases of small-pox in that city. The Board of
Health will take such steps as the public safetj
muy require to prevent thu spread of the con
tagion.-
INDIA.
The editor 6f the Seymour
cheekiest” man ih the State. He.ir him The
editor is now iu the possession of pretties
and tho smartest daughter in the Strt«T e t,ie
somest and most intelligent wife in llic State
the fastest and best horse in the State, tlie Ijcst
cow in the State, the best pig in the lO
prints as good a paper as anybody else does i u the
Slate, and in this state of affairs ho is hapi»y*’'
—The coal miners on Sugar Creek, near Xen. c
Haute, struck for higher wages on Monday, aad
compelled the proprietors to accede to their dir*
mauds. The advance is 15 cents per lon.
MICHIGAN.
The jail at Marshall took lire ou the 4th instant,
and was considerably damaged, although not en
tirely consumed. Only ono prisoner escaped.
—Pentwaterhas several cases of small-pox.
—On Thursday of last week, James Tuttle, a
farmer residing iu Emmet, met with a fatal acci
dent. He was engaged in driving corn-stalks to
his barn, when the wagon tipped over, throwing
him forcibly to the ground, his head striking
against a stone. He was insensible when found,
ami continued ao until his death, twelve hours
thereafter. Mr. Tattle, at the time of his death,
was about CO years of age.
—Grand Rapids .is .to have a fire-alarm tele
graph.
—The case of Coleman rs. the Michigan Central
Railroad, which has been on trial at Kalamazoo
for some time past, has been closed, the jury
bringing in SII,OOO fur the plaintiff. Mrs. Coleman
is the plaintiff, and she was so injured by being
thrown from tbo oars that she has been nnable to
walk for more than three years. When eho is
moved she has to be lifted on a bod or lounge.
—A moat remarkable case of petrifaction is that
of the body of a lady well known in Kalamazoo.
On attempting to remove the body from the Col
lege Cemetery, for interment in Mountain Homo
Cemetery, tbe sexton found the coffin so heavy
that ho bad to procure the’ assistance of a num
ber of men. It was then raised to the surface,
but In so doing the coffin was broken, and re
vealed the marble-like body within. An exam
ination was made, and the features were found to
be perfectly preserved; oven the petals of flowers
upon her breast were marbelized and intact.
The folds of her clothing and everything were
wonderfully preserved, and the whole body and
covering were statuesque In appearance. It Is
said the coffin was full of water when opened.
—The Gleason House, at Hillsdale, was burned
on the 4th inst.
—Mr. Florls Banckcr, a well-to-do farmer at
Cenlreville, killed himself with strychnine on the
sth inst. Cause, domestic difficulties.
—Mr. H. K. Smith, of Ada, vouches for the fol_
lowing statement: Some eighteen months since
the Rev. ‘William Buell, pastor of the Baptist
Church of Ada, fell senseless and apparently life
less to the floor in his room, and for three hours
was supposed to bo dead. He finally came
to, and in two months thereafter his
hair changed from a glossy Dlack to a silver
gray. His eyelashes and eyebrows also turned
white, and In a short time dropped off. Stranger
still, the man’s hair, eyelashes, and eyebrows
have since grown out again in their original
black color. The hair commenced to grow black
on one side of his head, gradually passing over
until this time, when there is hut a small spot of
gray left.
—Extensive beds of elate has been found in
Houghton County, near L’Anso Bay.
—The large hardware store of A. Bilz, at Spring
Lake, was destroyed by fire, on the Ist inst. Loss.
§14,000.
MINNESOTA.
There ore three Normal Schools in Minnesota,
with an attendance of 1,131 scholars.
A St. Paul Alderman, Mr. Cummings, has
been charged with accepting bribes, and the case
is now undercolng investigation.
Mrs. Monti, the alleged abortionist whose
nostrums caused Kate Cook’s death in St. Paul,
has been oast into prison.
Coal has been discovered at Spring Hill,
Stearns County.
The residence of Captain J. 11. Wallingford,
at P.ochos ter, was destroyed hy fire last week.
—About two years ago, Mr. A. L. Rockwell, of
St. Ausgar, mysteriously disappeared, and was
supposed to have been murdered—suspicion rest
ing upon Mr. L.E, Pearce, now of Grand Mea
dow. Rockwell, however, has recently returned
to bis family, having been sojourning in Kansas,
and Mr. Pearce is thus relieved of the foul sus
picion.
—Mias Mary Etta Crossman and Mr. Stanley M.
Phillips were married at Clearwater on the 23d
ulf., the friends of the parties assembling at G
o’clock In the morning from a distance of one to
four miles, with thermometer at 13 degrees below
zero. The groom gave up his place in the wagon
and came in on foot, freezing one ear and the bride
declared that pluck was better than cash.
—lt is estimated that 400 teams, and between
1,500 and 2,000 men will bo sent to the pineries by
Stillwater firms tills year.
—Bishop Whipple has gone to Cincinnati to at
tend the wedding of his son, Charles B. Whipple,
who is to bo married to Miss McLean, daughter of
f .'.oiicrat McLean, oi Ohio, and gran~-.*aUgaicr oi
Chief Justice McLean.
KANSAS.
Sojourner Truth Is lecturing at Lawrence.
Seneca bus been out of coal for over two
weeks.
—The Marshall county-scat question was settled
by a second vote a few days ago, Marysville hav
iug a majority. Her vote was l/*O7, which is
pretty good for a small town.
PERSONAE.
There Is a report that a marriage between the
daughter of Mr. Gladstone and a German gen
tleman who was the tutor of the Princess Louise
has been arranged; and that the Queen liad much
to do In making up this match.
—A duu-colored dog, with a very anxious look
upon his countenance, daily watches the passen
gers as they alight from the cars at Peabody,
Mass., as though he expected somebody who
never comc-o. The animal belonged to Mr. Ernest
S. Merrill, one of the victims of tho Revere dis
aster, and when young Morrill left home for the
last time his dog left him at tho depot.
—With reference to the rumors of an assassina
tion plot so Industriously circulated by tho pri
vate detectives who guard tho person of tho
Grand Duke of Russia, the Superintendent of the
Now York police says that he has received no
information of any such plot, and that ho thinks
that tho rumors originated with those who are
handsomely paid to guard tho person of tho
Grand Duke from imacinary assassins.
—Mrs. 32. C. Taylor, of Now Carlisle, took poison
by mistake, supposing it was Jamaica ginger.
She did not faint or send for the doctor, but just
quietly turned down a cupful of lard an an an
tidote.” But the poison made her sick for about
a week.
—A correspondent of tho Boston Transcript
wonders if Judge Kent, who said that “tho
abominable practice of wearing hair on tho upper
lip is reprehensible,” ever heard of tho old Span
ish proverb: “A kiss without a mustache is an
egg without salt.”
—Mr. E. Chambers, the Park Street (Boston)
Station Agent of tho Medford Branch of tho Bos
ton Maine Railroad, met with his death
in a very singular way, some days since. His
little daughter was sick with the diphtheria,
and ho put his hand on her mouth for some
purpose or other, and the child seized upon hi*
hand and bit it. The marks of the teeth were
very slight, comparatively, but the skin was
broken slightly, and tho poison from tho teeth
was transmitted through Mr. Chambers’ system,
and, after a week’s illness, during which time his
body became much swollen, he died.
—Tho Macon (Ga.) Tefeyrajdiiot Nov. 30 says
•‘Yesterday Mr. J.J. Clay was driving a Cana
dian stud up Third street, and when near Cherry
street the bit broke. Tho horse at once com
menced running at a rapid rate, but, with the
greatest degree of composure, Mr. Clay Jumped
from the buggy upon the horse’s back, and,
catching him by tho nose and throat, held him
fast until he had recovered from his fright, when
ho sent for a new bridle, and drove off as though
nothing had happened.”
—Mr. Buskin means more than idle talk in ad
vocating the “new departure” in art. Ho en
dows un Art Master’s chair at Oxford with $25,-
000 and makes no restriction on the bequest.
—The following is told of the Alexis trip to
West Point: After dinner the guests listened
to Jullen’s music, and then dancing commenced.
Some one, after two or three hours of waltzing
suggested a Virginia reel, Alexis joining in and
leading off with Miss Blodgett. He enjoyed this
mightily, and went up the middle and down tho
with infinite zest, but when ho had to
pass under an arch of hands Ills majestic pro
portions wero too much, and the arch broke amid
peals of laughter.”
—lu addition to tho picture of Admiral Farra
gut presented to Prince Alexis, he is to bo pre
sented with a historical picture of great value,
representing til® J>Bttl9 9? ?«Uowa, fought in
1709, between ¥*eter tiio 6reat of Russia am.
Charles XII. of Sweden.
—The London Alhewrum says that the memoirs
of Talleyrand are at lastto be given to the world.
They were long withheld, from fear least tho
revelations they contain, damaging to tho
First Empire, might lead to their seizure by tho
Second.
—The London papers arc authorized to state
that the words imputed to Mr, Disraeli by Dr.
Norman Maclcod, with respect to Her Majesty's
incapacity for work,” were never used by that
gentleman. His expressions were in a directly
contrary souse, viz., that Her Majesty’s capacity
for business, distinguished from the first by
method and promptness, had now,l»y long exper
ience,become so eminent that it greatlyjassistcd
and facilitated the conduct of public affairs.
—On November 18, died Major General Everard
v "lliamßouverie, of Dclaprc Abbey, ucarNorth-
in his 83d year. In 1812 ho entered the
army ana wns P rescn t at the memorable fight
of -Waterloo, where he was wounded. In 1810 he
•svas appointed Equerry to the rrince Xonaort,
•uni Equerry to the Queen in 18S3. He became a
Major General in 1851, and Lieutenant General
in 1800. In 1858 he succeeded to the Delapro
estates. He also held the Colonelcy of the Fif
teenth Hussars.
—Captain McDonough, who died at Montclair,
N. J., Saturday, was horn in Connecticut in 1819,
and was the oldest eon of Commodore Thomas
McDonough, of Delaware, who was with Bain
bridge iu the frigate Philadelphia at Tripoli, in
1603, and assisted iu recapturing and destroying
the ship in 1604. The father also commanded the
N madron on Lake Champlain that defeated the
jj‘ r4 ‘tieh licet under Commodore Dowuie in 1814.
was appointed to the navy from New
York .Aprils, 1835, and was on the United States
fjicatc J n 11)0 Mediterranean, until 1839, and on
thoCyane. in tho same waters, for ayearsubsc
nuent. He was luadc passed midshipman in 1811,
and his Lieut*. nan f’ s commission was dated 1813.
He was retired a.t the closo of 1801, andduringthe
v;a r commanded tt’o receiving ships at New York
and Portsmouth, N. His commission as Cap
tain ou the retired Hat is datei 1807. His last
cruise was iu the Constellation it* i»oo.
THE LAW COURTS.
Yesterday’s Proceedings in the
Courts.
Circuit Court.
NOTICE.
A Jury -will be called in this court for the trial of
causes on Monday nest.
RAILWAY CASES.
An notion on the case was commenced by John
F. Do Burner against the Chicago Northwestern
Hallway Company to recover damages laid at
$3,000. The plaintiff charges the loss, by the neg
ligence of the company, of twenty-two boxes of
shoes, shipped from Chicago to Elgin, on the.7th
day of October.
—Against the New York Central Railroad was
commenced a like action by one Frederick 11.
Powers, who claims $2,000, the value of certain
trunks alleged to have been delivered to the com
pany on the 7lh day of October, and by it lost.
ASSUMPSIT.
By Matthew Knowles, etal., v. William Hoyt,
W. T. Shercr, and C. Watsons; demand, §1.500.
—ByE. F. Dyke v. J. C. Borland; demand,
$1,500.
ALLEGED TRESPASSES.
one George W. Miller brought suitfagalnst Wil
liam Honebrough, laying his damages at SIO,OOO.
Plaintiff charges the defendant with having as
saulted and badly battered him. The specifications
are that plaintiff is a physician and real estate
dealer, lately occupying rooms in Pope’s Block,
and that dexennant is agent of the premises upon,
which, it is alleged, ho wrongfully entered and
made the assault.
—An action of trespass was commenced
by Charles Eisele. against' Nancy March. Dam
ages are laid at sl,ooo.
FORCIBLE EVICTION.
An action of trespass was commenced by Octa
via Saclerbery against Henry Bake, William
Fibich, and Patrick Walsh. Thedamagcs are laid
at $2,000. The suit is to recover for an alleged
forcible eviction.
Criminal Court.
ARRAIGNMENTS.
Thirty-seven persons charged with crime were
produced in court to plead. Eleven pleaded
guilty of larcenies—mainly petit.
MURDER CASES.
In the case of Gregory Peri, indicted for two
homicides, a motion was made by A. Vanßuren,
Esq., to quash the indictments on the ground
that the Recorder’s Court, being continued
as the Criminal Court, the organic law
of the Recorder's Court governed it, wherefore
the grand jury should bo drafted from tho city
and not tho county at large. Motion overruled.
County Court.
Wir.l. PRORATED.
f The "will of C. L. KurU ■was proved and letters
testamentary issued to Margarelta, the widow,
under bond of $12,000.
ADMINISTRATION.
Elizabeth Sober was appointed to administer
upon the estate of Gottlieb Seber, under bond of
$12,800.
—Henry Bolde was appointed to" administer
upon the estate of Henry A. Boblc, under bond of
$5,000.
CHICAGO LIBRARY ASSOCIATION.
Meeting of the Board of Directors Yesterday
Afternoon—Betters from John Hobson, the
Librarian, notv in England—Authority Given
Him to Procure Donations of Volumes in Eu
rope for the Library.
A special meeting of tbo Board of Directors of
tbo Chicago Library Association was held yes
terday afternoon in Parlor Kb. 3 of the Sherman
House, ex-Lieutenant Governor Bross in tho
chair. There were also present E. L. Brown, L.
L. Coburn. L. L. Bond. General J. D. Webster, W.
R. Larraboe, and G. M. Frink.
The following correspondence was submitted
from Mr. John Robson, Librarian, now in Eng
land:
WORCESTERSHIRE, Kov. 14.1371.
DearSii: Handed at Plymouth Monday. Novem
ber C, after a sea voyage o£ longer duration than I ex
pected, being twelve days at sea. The time named was
tea days. The vessel and crew were very (pilot and
respectable, and tbo sea not at all rough. What do
laved us was the foggy state of the weathorfand head
winds. I came through tho seasickness well, and am
now nearly recovered irom the shock I got at the fire,
and am now pretty strong. I wrote to Governor
Bross at New York, and hoped to have had my reply at
this place, but none has come. I sqc a 2i9V£2lt>uc is
making in LCH'MI to supply tho library
with hbokS, Ahfl I believe T couldlie of great service
ill gut inthorily from the board, bat do not like to
go up to London unless I pot it. 'Will yoa see
Mr Frink, the board and Governor Bross abnnt this,
and let me know if lam to act for them. If tills was
nentbv telegraph I would goto Lor don, which is unb
an hour or two from this place, and set out what we
wanted, and apply»«the various public offices to give
us their books, and I have no doubt that I could d a
great deal of good. I will ho very glad to hear from
you either by letter or telegraph. Hoping you are
well, I remain yours truly, John Roik-o.v.
To J/r, Larrabtf.
Worcestershire, Nov. H, ISTI.
DEAR SIR: I wrote you from New York before sail
ing. and bad hoped to have heard from you at this
place. I will be in London in a flavor two and I see
that the Social Science Association, with Thomas
Hughes and others, are making a move to get presents
of books to revive the library, and I write to ask If you
will authorize me to net with them in this and also
to solicit donations from other parties, such as various
learned societies whofc proceedings we could get now
more readily than on any future occasion. London is
onlv an hour or two from lids place, nod I believe I
could be of great service to tho revival of the library,
as I would devote my whole time to it. and in addition
to personal application, correspond with all the various
societies through tho kingdom. I believe if I get the
requisite authority (rum you I could bo of essential
service, and lav the foundation of a first-class and im
portant library. You know my heart warms in
niv work, and anything I could do
will be done zcalonslv and as well as I can do it. A
telegram would be tbo earliest modo of communica
tion, and tho expense would be well worth going to if
the result was achieved, which I know could bo if I
took it In hand. I think I would he able to accomplish
it by the close of Januarv, and bring tho books overby
February, and would not look for any remuneration
except expenses out of; pocket. Hoping to hear
from you soon, believe mo to remain, yours truly.
JOHN ROBSON.
To the Jfnnorahle fl’m. Bros?.
General Webster offered tbe following resolu
tion
jlehol red. That Mr. Robson h as authority to procure
in England, on behalf of the Chicago Library Assorla
tion, donations of Iwoks, with the understanding that
if hereafter any organization shall be perfected for a
freo library, under the authority of the city, wo hold
ourselves lumnd to turn over tho books so collected
by Mr. Robson to such city organization.
The resolution was adopted.
Tho Hon. L. L. Bond moved that Sir. Frink bo
instructed to got up a statement of tbe liabilities
of tbe association, and what they could be com
promised for.
The motion was agrofcd.
Tbe meeting then adjourned.
RELIEF ITEMS.
The .London Corn Trade’s Subscription—Th6
New York Chamber of Commerce Subscrip
tion S9Us,o9s.‘H> Clothing from the Navy
Department*
Messrs. Howland Aspinwall, of Hew Y’ork,
have transmitted to tho Belief and Aid Society
the equivalent of tho sum of £1,120 13s, sub
scribed to the relief of the destitute by the Lon
don Corn Trade.
—Mr. A. A. Low, Treasurer of tho committee
appointed by tho Chamber of Commerce of New
Y'ork, makes the following additional report of re
ceipts from November 23 to December 5
The World Company, bill foradvertising, giv
en ns a contribution $300.00
HauflVrtnan «fc Wagner, contrilnition of tho
Lutheran Congregation of Hound Tup
(Texas) for Michigan and Wisconsin 02.02
G: I’outz, in Hagen (Prussia).secondpayment
through Herman Baker d; Co 110.00
Proceeds of lectureby George W. Bungay be
fore North Shore Division 230, Sons of
Temperance of statra Island, for Michi
gan and Wisconsin (one-half each) 65.00
Collection in Seventeenth Street M. E,
Church 100.00
L. G. Mo/ri.s, for the West 50.00
A. Howe 3.00
C. V. Woodman, MlclUgnn and Wisconsin
(ono-hall each)..... 50.00
Liverpool fond for the relief of sufferers by
tho Chicago fire, through Messrs. Babcock
Bros. Co., (15,000 pounds sterling 80,307 12
Bv two slaters, for Western sufferers 2.20
Patrick Plovfulr, Chairman of IGasgow
(Scotland) Belief Fund, through E.
D. Morgan «fc Co., for Michigan, Wisconsin
and Minnesota 3,303 53
Total .$88,622 27
Previously rcpoi ted 908,483 10
Total by the Chamber of Commerce Com- _
S99o 00a 46
—The Secretary of the Navy lias proffered to
Senator Ferry of Michigan, a quantity of con
demned clothing reported by tho Commandant of
tho New Y’ork Navy Yard, which would otherwise
bo sold at auction. Senator Eerry asked him to
send his donation to the proper quarters, giving
him the address.
CITY AFFAIRS IN BRIEF.
V. HI. C. A. Lectures.
The Lecture Committee of the Young Men’s
Christian Association have put forth great efforts
to fiecurb public amusement and Instruction, aud
aro now able to state that they have made en
gagements, with the following named popular lec
turers Rev. W. H. Murray, for December icjand
19* Gco.W. Curtis, Thos. K. Beecher, John B.
Goit"h, Dr. J. G* Holland, and James E.
Murdock. They are also in correspondence
■with other equally well known men.
Tickets for the whole course of lectures will be
sa. while for a laily and gentleman they will bo
<s They can bo obtained at any book store.
The committee hope to secure the Rev. Morley
imnsbon for two lectures. Though unable to at
tend now, he encloses SSO to the library.
The Storm on the Lake.
The Captain of the bark Board of Trade tells a
rather exciting story of the effects of the cold
weather upon himself and hla men. They left the
dock in this city on Saturday,
but stuck in the wind till Sunday,
when they got away with a pleasant south wiutL
At 5 o’clock that evening it began to snow, ana
the barometer indicated a norther, which came,
snre enough. The sufferings of his men were ter
rible, the intense cold having Hatched their faces,
and frozen their limbs. As he tells the story,
every wave that struck the slfip froze right ou to
her,” until she was two feet down by the head.
The spirit compass froze up and broke the glass,
and added another danger to the terrors of tho
voyage. Sho had on board 29,000 bnshels of corn,
which will be stored till spring. There were about
one hundred tons of ice upon ner. She is lying at
the lighthouse.
Chicago Tulcut (n lowa.
The people of Davenport, lowa, are not pre
possessed in favorof tho rising generation of Chi
cago. Jimmy Doyle went down to Davennort,
aged 10 years, and said ho was an orphan, living
the life of a gamin, and seriously damaging his
prospects of besoming respectable. .Timmy then
confidence*! a farmer named Seaman into taking
him to bis farm. He then stole tho farmer’s son’s
savings hank, and returned to tho city of Daven
port, where ho met another nice buy, who hud a
room provided for him by the Young Men’s
Christian Association. The lovely pairattempted
burglary on a liquor store, and were caught iu
the act. Hence their removal to the Keform
School, and a coolness between them and the
people of Davenport.
Announcements.
The ladles of St. John’s Church will give a con
cert at Martino’s Hall ou Thursd^eveniug.
Comnetcnt cirls for housework can always
find good situations by applying at tUoonicoot
the ladies’ Christian Union, corner of Jackson
“-TtomoSprayor meeting will ho held today
In the new rooms or the Young Men's Christian
Association, at No. 99 Randolph street. The aub
ject will be the Sunday School lesson for next
Sunday.
l The old Calvary Presbyterian Church, corner
of Indiana avenue and Twenty-swconJ street has
been refurnished and refitted for the congrega
tion of the Church of the Messiah, who will oc
cupy it on Sunday next.
SlheellnMoM,
M. De Vivo, agent of the Farepa-lSosa Optra
Troupe, is in the city.
—J- W. Young, son of Brigham, and his family
arc stopping at the Briggs Souse.
—The new Metropolis Hotel, at Nos. 461 and 461
Michigan avenue, under the proprietorship of
Cox, will bo opened to the puulic on next
lr A. V. Brown, of St. Paul, formerly a rest
y °hy. has set to work to rebuild his
ou illver street, destroyed by tlre.
tects”* P v DoF °re3t and Fisher are the archl-
rmi Pierce of No. 170 Wilcox avcuue, was
nu!rnin£ n b /n a Madison Street ear. yesterday
S»ifU» m^, i? lldBU8 ailieila fracture of the right
,J? asc,m veyedto hla home, aud tlio
f.rs«Si Umf.t Q vuacalle<lin to attend him cs-
d.mbta us to his recovery.
of‘cS?on d tS£S* Mr J VT. J. Culton, of the llrm
he S mefwlK" e ,rtll ,eam with regret ttiaC
lie has met with u berioiu accident On Thursdav
fV“ an* "tSS
ins leg, tlio fracture bcioir of buhli n th-if.
amputation la considered no
—An alarm was Riven troiu liii Xo ->s* at 7
o'clock yesterday muniln", tor lire
story Iramo Imlldlns Ko. 723 wSt Lak?
owned by E. F. Runyan and occupied by W w’
Tumiius. The building was damaged to the orient
of $350; insured lu the State, of Chlc?-o for
$5,000. The occupant’s lo*s in furniture’ was
about 1250; not insured. Cause—uu overheated
furnace.
—The Beard of Managers of the Home of the
Friendless wish to acknowledge the receipt of the
following donations: The Hon. Walter 3. and
Mrs. Gurnoy, Irvington, Now York, $750; S. L.
Hill, Massachusetts, SSO; Tcitlzens of West Win
sled. Conn., 8206.27; Bloomingdalo, 111.. $15.69; 3.
B. Seward, Buffalo, $10; First Preshyterian
Church, $230; Mrs. W. W. Farwell, $10; Mrs. W. A.
Graves, $10; Mrs. Norris, 81; J. Bruckson, Du
Quoin,sl7; Thomas Tizou, sl7; miscellaneous,
sio.f
The Bletliodiat Episcopal Church Versus
Galh.”
To (he Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sm: As a daily reader of The Tbxucke, I was
greatly pained and righteously indignant, as, I
doubt not, a large number of your readers wore,
at the offensively personal lettcrof Gath,” your
Washington correspondent, iu Thursday’s issue,
November 23.
If Gath” had vented his personal pique, or
wounded denominational pride, or political fail
ure, by caricaturing Dr. Newman, I should have
passed him by in silence. The living can take
care of themselves, especially the gentleman
above named. But, when ho utters a wholesale
slander against au entire ecclesiastical organiza
tion, and tries to give point to it by belittling the
character of the dead, I feel that some one should
enter a protest as publicly as the offence was
made. The punty of the man, the nobility of his
nature, his national reputation for
integrity and scholarship, his eminent
sei rices among foreign governments, in
behalf of the nation, during the dark days of the
rebellion, ought to have preserved Dr. McCUn
tock, living, from each a reference. Dr. Me Clin
tock, dead, surely ought to have caused “Gath”
to hesitate long before dragging him into suoh
relations.
There is a certain old code, for which the pre
tensions of Gath” in tlio correspondence re
ferred to, force some respect, which says, Thou
elialt not bear false witness against thy neigh
bor.” This he has done. And he has intensitied
the offence in proportion to the number of his
auditors. He should have read Methodist
Church history before he wrote, “Between IS>G
and 18C0 a largo portion of the Methodist Church”
—Methodist Episcopal Church he means—
might have been called bigotedly conserva
tive/’ The Methodist Episcopal Church has al
ways been conservative after the manner of the
conservatism of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, her
Bead and Leader. That means minding her own
business, and going about doing good.” But
that was a kind of radicalism which struck at
the root of all political dishonesty and corrup
tion, as well as private wrong. And, so
far back as 18U. in her General Conference, she
was almost ft unit, north of Mason A Dixon’s
line, in protesting against a slaveholdiag Bishop,
which protest caused the Southern part of the
Church to withdraw and set up for themselves.
And all this time, the General Government, even
in her supreme judicatore, stood ready to pander
to the South in the most abject manner. She gave
the scceders, for such a cause, property beloag
ingto the Methodist Episcopal Church, to the
amount of hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Conservatism, in the political sense given to that
term from about that time down to to-day, was
uot made of such material.
I do not pause upon the difference the writer
would like us to believe existed between the
ministers and members of the Church, as Metho
dtstsand“as citizens and men.” The most careless
reader. If interested, will detect that sophism.
But to the statement “that the great body of this
denomination, wheeled ont of darkness into light
and from apathy to earnestness, on the issue
which possessed the rest of the
people,” first, when Simpson
and others were elected Bishops, I have two
things to say. First—They were elected Bishops
in 1852, four years earlier than the period ho
names, when the Church that elected them was
bigotedly conservative.” Second—They were
well-known anti-slavery men. They could not
have been elected but by an anti-slavery General
Conference. And such a Conference only could
bo by the suffrages of similarly politically-miuded
Annual Conferences.
Mr. Editor, the Methodist Episcopal Church had
her martyrs for liberty before the Republican
party came into power. Her ministers were re
strained and Bishops mobbed before the election
of the Martyred President.” Did Gath nev
er hear of the murder of Anthony Bervley, an
honored member of this Church i Did ho not
know of the mobbing of Bishop Janes, during the
session of an Annual Conference, by a party of
pro-slavery desperadoes t The readers and voters
of The Tribune have forgotten neither. The
fact is, the Methodist Episcopal Church, by her
ministry and laity, as a denomination, did more
to bring about the national sentiment that abol
ished the great iniquity than any other de
nomination, If not all others.
1 will not say that the intent of “Gath” was to
put the Methodist Episcopal Church on record
before thercadorsand voters of The Tribune as a
politico-religious organization, intent upon the
spoils of politics; that his reference, by way of
comparison, to the Roman Church of New York
City,” was intended to emphasize such a putting
of the case. But I will say that the whole animus
of his letter seems to be to pour contempt and
ridicule upon her. The adroit manner in which
he makes office-holders fall and office-seekers rise
before Dr. Newman’s wire-pulling in Washington,
means something to the readers and voters of
The Tribune. If It was only a question of good
manners’’between the writer and the parties
named, Idp got see wUns this) Church hag to do
with it; afiu CiTtwniy from his unmannerly ref
erences to Dr. Newman and Senators Logan and
Harlan,—though he does not call them by name,—
there is not much left for Gath-
Perhaps the fact he mentions, viz: that the
President and Chief Justice, and a largo number
of Senators—another is coming from Illinois—
and Representatives, are pew-holders in the
Metropolitan Methodist Episcopal Church in
Washington, may have had something to do
with the inspiration of “Gath.” Docs he know
anything of tho saying, “the wish Is father to
tho thought!” I am somewhat skeptical respect
ing his zeal for the purity and unselfishness of
the Methodist Episcopal Church. I want to say
to “Gath” and his Golioh, tha? I should be
sorry to hold tho Congregational, Presbyterian,
and Unitarian Churches” responsible for such
championship as contained in his letter. lamas
unwilling as a Methodist, that ho should hold tho
Church ho upbraids regponsible for aach follies
as he charges upon Dr. Newman. If the Doctor
Is at fault, so much the worse for him. But the
Church, of which he is an honored pastor, is la
no way responsible. _
There was a time, Mr. Editor, to which the
memory of some of us runneth back, when the
Methodist Episcopal Church was called “Rant
ers.” Then, some way this side of that, she was
called “Blantant Abolitionists.” The next stage,
the frontiersmen, saudhillers, and mechanics'
referred to by Gath after the order of things
in this republican government, having grown into
statesmen, money-lenders, and land-owners, she,
by their inlluence, had become somewhat tho
“power” ho so much dreads; then certain par
ties very patronizingly advised her to confluo
her attentions to the poor, for tho reclamation
of which she was so wondrously adapted.” But,
since her centenary, w-hen she raised §11,000,003
for Church purposes, including a fund for the
higher education of poor children from among
her Sunday School scholars, and when, born in a
college as she was, it became known that her col-
Icccs and seminaries were counted by hundreds,
and that hermcmbershlp counted over a million—
it is over 1,400,000 now—and since which she has
built more than one new church, on an average,
for every day in the year—now it becomes neces
sary, it seems, to stigmatize her a political
machine.
Abraham Lincoln said of her, during the war,
“If the Methodist Episcopal Church has sent
more soldiers into the field, and more nurses in
to our hospitals, and pnore to ar -wound
ca soldloi'l, ilian any olEer Church, she is not to
blame r If the Methodist Church has more olli
cers in tho highest seats of power in tho General
Government, if she has more Senators and Repre
sentatives, more readers of Tiik Tribcxe, and
more votes at tho polls, than any other Church,
sho is not to blame. It comes of true Christian
conservatism,—of faithfully preaching tho Gospel
to “the frontiersman, the sand-UiUcr, and the
mechanic,” "who, regenerated, and made devoted
parents, and loving children, and true citizens,
have been by the people made our rulers.
Gath” need not fear that the Methodist Epis
copal Chureh -will forget her true calling to follow
his. Ami she has for so many years received at
tentions similar to his, that sue will not consent
to be whipped into line. She is of age. She is
D«tiY§*borß. She belongs to the soil. Suo in
tend* to stay, and to down to her children;
unimpaired, and with holiest increase, iue heri
tage God has given her. And she willdo her part
to conserve tho true interests of a government by
tbo people, from among tho people.
Mr. Editor, allow mo farther to protest, in the
name of decency and of public morals, against
the crying shame of tho day, viz.: That of po
litical writers tearing to pieces the characters of
men in high places, and, like certain birds of
prey,revelling amid the putridity they themselves
iirst make. It is a crime against society, as, also,
against Gcd, which will, in duo time, bring its
punishment, as slavery did.
Tbc press, on the whole, is doing nobly for hu
manity. The Christian Church hails her co-opcr
aticn as a sign of the times. It is Important enut
press and pulpit, minister and editor, political
wiitcrs and aspirers, be on the side of rigid, ami
unitedly opposed to wrong.
This note bas grown to dimensions I diu no
intend when I began. I simply thought of e -uw
ing a plain, earnest protest against tho spirit a
tendency of Gath’s” letter. That protesthas
grown under my indignant thought. j.ead

Pastor Third
A Care for Cancer. _
Allegheny cm, ra., Dec.
To the Editor of The Chicaso
c )n T _,, h o, c:l k, through your widely-ur
Sin. I wish to-1 uiany shttering with cun
ciliated medium, to tho man} wn,m.i
cer In 38C3 a cancer came ou m> left hand,
ccr. in BO,> all remedies having faifed-
I^had
pcarance m troublesome/ I enacted nearly
being more tro 9tlcs> j t u O -\t broke out
death C jn the spring of 1371, growing
the hand became helpless, aud I carried
Itinaßling’. All remedies and caustic* bavin*
failed, I feared my hand must be ta.ken off. Hear
ing of several cancers cured by drinking wild tea
and poulticing with the grounds. T w»ld
in earnest, in four weeks my hand wva entirely
well, ror the (take of many suffering with cao
cer, I give these facts. Wild tea grows in most of
the States, and can bo had by gathering. This
remedy should have a wide-spread publicity.
_ J. 15. WILUAMS,
Health Olhcer, Allegheny City, Fa**
CRIME IN SOUTHERN INDIANA,
The iKitrat Jlurder.
From the LonlariUe Irfilger.
The devil seems to bo having it* pretty
ranch his own way over in Southern Indian
if one may judge by the number amt atroc
ity of the recently’ committed m
that section. Hangings, murders, burglaries,
and highway robberies follow each other in
rapid and startling succession; and good
citizens cannot hut feel the tremors- of fear
when they rellect what apparent insecurity
there is to life and property. There was the
murder of the Woodward family in Orange
County, in which fonr persons were m wei
lesslvbutchered with an axe; the attempt to
murder au entire family in Lawr.uice
County. a few miles’ from Now
Orleans: the butchery of a mother
her little son and an infant daughter near
Tell City, in Perry County; twenty-live or
thirty murders of single individuals; the
ontragmg and murder of an old lady near
Clear Spring, in Jackson County; the hang
ing of two men from a bridge in Orange
County: the hanging of^three Kenos and
Charles Anderson in the New Albany jail by
the Seymour mob; the taking of citizens
1 from their beds in Harrison, Crawford, and
Lawrence Counties, aud beatingthem nearly
to death with clubs and switches: the delib
erate grinding of a butchor-kutfo by a wo
niau, and her subsequent use of it in cutting
into tit-hits the body of her sister-lu-law, iu
\Nasuingtou County, and dozens of almost
as shocking barbarisms, crowned with the
massacre of the Park family, in Clark
County; and all these would indicate a ful
filment of the prophecy of the Revelator of
1 atmos, that Satan would be looseued for a
season.
But now we have another murder to add
to the loug list, a murder as remarkable ia
the manner in which it was committed as it
was cold-blooded iu its plotting. Moses ('ur
tis was an old and well-to-do citizen of Har
rison County, lud., residing not very far
from the little town of Mauckport. It was
known that a sum of money was due him
from his neighbor. John Mauck, who resided
not very far from Corydon: aud it was
further known that upon a certain evening
Mr. Curtis would visit his neighbor to collect
the money, and it was this knowledge that
cost Mr. Curtis his life.
On the evening fixed by him for the settle
ment with Mr. Mauck. and the collection of
the money, he went toMr.Mauck’sresidouce.
There he transacted the business, got his
money, and parting with bis neighbor in the
most cheerful frame of mind, he started for
hlshome, a few miles distant, abouto o'clock
at night. But ho never reached his homo
alive. Next day his body was found sus
pended by a rope from a tree, and his pocket
book contained-but a very small snm of
money. It was given out that the old man
had committed suicide, aud without further
investigation his remains were buried. But
murder will out sometimes, and in this case
there were some people not satisfied that Mr.
Cuitis committed suicide. They even had
the body disinterred aud a ex
amination of it, and then the fact was devel
oped by marks upon it that a foul murder
had been committed, and the victim aftor
ward swung up by the neck so as to leavo
the impression that he had taken his life,and
thus allay suspicion. The crime is now be
iug investigated, and, as is natural, there is
great excitement in the neighborhood, which
may result, if the murderers arc discovered,
in another chapter of death at the hands of
a vigilance committee. It is high time that
Satan was chained up again in Southern In
diana.
NATIONAL FINANCES,
The Estimates for the Fiscal Venr Catl
ing Jane 30, 1573.
Washington (Dec. C) Correspondence of the Now York
Journal of commerce.
The Committee of Appropriations will now
commence work on the new budget, for the fiscal
year to end June 30,1573. The estimates arrived
yesterday, and are complete in detail. The fol
lowing comparison will show the difference in ag
gregates of the three objects named:
Estimated expenditures for 1372 s3oo,»ru»: ruo.fil
Estimated expenditures for 1973 301,705, oai-93
General redaction ST.au.MZ.ut?
Appropriations for 1372 $.{02..-A033.:G
It will be seen that the estimates this year are
nearly eight millions less than last year, and one
million less than the amount actually appropri
ated. Mr. Conant has made a very comprehen
sive detailed estimate this year, which reflects
credit upon him for business capacity, and the
following summary, which is a little in detail,
will serve to show to an appreciable extent the
increase or decrease in amounts for the different
objects of appropriation:
COXCiCKSS.
intimate* Appropriation t
/or 1873. /or 1372.
)CH3C3 ...?3,{21.512.40 $2,859,''•Vi.71
01‘Ji’efy.
Salaries and e;
;xpi
Public works....
imblic printing.*.*.*.'.*.*'.*.".' 1,902.02 a!U 2.001.2:51. li>
Court of Claims Judgments...-S 500.000.0q 500.000.0u
Total Congress $5,'.»i3.512,:ti
EXECUTIVE I‘ROrKB.
Salaries and expenses S 50.300.00 8 50,300.00
STATE t)KI*AirTME-VT.
Salaries and expenses of
naitment 19-j.520.00 i«i,-i20.00
Public w0rk5...... 500,000.00
Foreign intercourse—salaries
and expenses 1,052,050.00 1,01«,->j0.W
Miscellaneous diplomatic ex*
peuses 170,554,C0 515,'^1.C0
Total State Department..sl,-W2,1.>U00 $2,200,(5UM
TltF-AStUT I>EI*AUTMENT.
Intimate* A i)>)ropr!a~
/of IS7U. liont/or 1572.
Objectf.
Salaries and expenses of de
partment
Independent Treasury
Mints and assay offices......
Territorial Governments...
Interior revenue....
$2,502,900.00 s2£Vr2,m.OO
493.y54.50 393,251.00
795,7712.00 721,207.00
23.t59C.00 24215X0»
5 r «00,000.00 5.700.000.0)
Treasury miscellaneous 1/>V«.U7>SS I.TOtTIS 10
Public works 3.UM.503 00 5,305,709.99
Miscellaneous items 3,019.504 50 3,405.501,50
Permanent appropriations.. 152,001/217.00 ici.U23i>i.:t»
Unusual and extraordinary. 5?J.259.0»
Total Treasury Depart
ment $171.102671.33 5152100,911.95
I.VTEIUOU PEI'AITOtEXT.
Salaries and expenses of de
_ partinent..-. $1,610*210.00 $1,510.110.'V)
mDUc jamt unices 63C,<<3.00 610.iia.00
Interior miscellaneous......... 419,090.00 2,003,570.0)
Indian affcdrs 5,113,617,97
Pensions .30,153,000.
Public works
Miscellaneous items
Permanent appropriations.
Total Interior Department..539,331,41297 841,40:1,332.-11
wai: deuautmext.
Salaries and expenses of de
partment 653,901.00 634,631.00
Military establishment ...31,432,309-33 23.035,319.50
Public works 14.ia9.6C2.97 3,156.713 30
Miscellaneous items*!! 4!037,957.00 3H.951.0i)
Permanent appropriations 1,500,000.00 1.575.000.00
Total "War Department $32.221,03253 $.43,727,172.&0
x.vvv nErAiminxT.
Salaries and expenses of de
partment... J 45.310.00 142910.00
aval Establishment 19.1HC.035.9-5 19.734.717.25
Public works 1,433,100.00 1.130,09200
Permanent appropriations... 12000.00 15,000.00
Total Xavr Department.£2o,s36.433 9-5 $21,1226>..20
I*OST OFFICE I>Ki‘.UITJIF.Vr.
Salaries and expenses of de- H
partmeut 453,74200 S 453,71200
Postal service deficiencies
*»ul subsidies 5,474,001.00 4,091.353.00
Permanent appropriations... 700,000.00 700.001.00
Total Ps«t Ofilco Depart
ment $6,027,743.00 3 5,813,125.00
okjestice.
Salaries and expeiues of De
partment 233,020.00 S 300,299.00
Salaries and expenses 0 I
courts 3,333,330.00 2363.758.00
Total Department of Jus
tice 3 3.6fi6.371v*> 2,609,010.03
UEI’AUTMENT OF AOUICL’LTL'Ufc. A
Salaries and expenses of de- JR
partimut 4 170,010.00 S
Public works 26,500.00
Total Department of Ag
riculture 19(5,310.00 S 197,070.00
KEUU'irLLAtIO.N UV KUPAUTIIKNI?.
J&timateji stppropria~
for IS~i /or 1372.
Congress s,ui3,Bii3i 5,4*M8CJ5l
Executive proper. 50,800.00 i.0.80i00
State Department..... i,-md,i51.00 2^!90,cm.00
Treasury Department 17i,i02,c7i.5s 132,100,91L05
Interior Department
War Department «i
T rT.*rTK-uartment j0,080,49rt.9>* «i,t.. 1 ,657^
nf&flleaiSrtment 0.627,7+C00 SjMJSSM
Justice 3,C#VW.OO 2,CC>.W0.03
SJIStSSt Of Agriculture. 190,510-03 azfinM
w. P. c»
Grand total.
The Attorney General [on Public High*
ways.
Tho following letter lias “been ndilro33cd by
the Attorney General in answer te one re
ceived from the Secretary of War:
Dei’arthent or Jgstice, f
Washington. Nov. 21.1871. S
To TTou. William Belknap, Secretary of IFor.*
Your letter of the sth mtant presents tins quas
tion: “To what extent a railroad, to aidia the con
struction of which Congress has donated portinnj
of the public domain, caa he conSmerOa public
highway for the free use of the Government of
the United States in the transportation of its
rrnnna ?>>,a" whether tae whole rood
0 rn O'a railroad from Chicago to Mo
i Me "“fid?. Jn tac seventh section, provided Oitt
fl.e iiM mill os'!siiull 1)8 anll l em;li:l P“>illo
m“bmivfortliouso ot the Government ot tho
1 itSifwi*itutC3, free from toll or otherlcliargos upon
tiipVrau’Portation of any property or troopsotthe
Vn ir%a States. lam of opinion ttn 4 a road
1 receives any aid under such a gnat bc
-1 comes a public highway, for the purposes afore
paid for its whole length. There is ujtulug in tha
lau"tia'*o of the act to contiuo the character ot a
public highway to that portion of tho road along
which the granted lands may happen to He. Tho
liw docs not require that the proceeds of tho
lands shall be particularly applied
to the construction of tho adja
cent parts of the road, but they
go into the general funds of tho road, and are ap
plied Indiscriminately to tho whole work. Tho
road is a unit, and any aid to it by grant subjects
the whole of it to the conditions which accom-
Eaniea the grant. Undsr any other rule it might
appen that a road would be broken up into snort
and irregular divisions, alternately open aiui
close to the free use of the government, aud noth
ing would bo more useless than a right to trans
portation subject to such interruptions, vruero
there is no essential variation In the t f ru^.“ r J,;,.
grant from the provision above quoted. J-uc r
which I have hero given Is applicable, ami• t
answers with as much explicitness as I
in so general a statement your request tor.
which shall enable your department pr
fix the termini of the land of
grout portions of roads su:»jeot; to] tut«.• tf|lllv
free use for transportation- ftnruey General.
A. T. AKKRM.uV. Attorutj v
Fo?t 3 :wd Garuorl
lowa, with the utmost vigyt*
T5.000.00
244.500.00 156.C75.00
932.190.00 7:13,220.00
14-5,000.00 199,300.00