local ana State tfetoo.
in giving directions for roasting a turkey,
one of our exchanges states that "the turkey
mult firtt be Idled.”
The receipt of one dollar, as “the widow's
mite,” is hereby acknowledged by the Mayor,
and it will be sent as requested.
-n
Hallowcll fired a salute of twenty-one gum
Tuesday, in honor of the President's passage
through the city.
I.evi Hoxie of Hath, charged witli forgery
was brought into municipal court again yps
terday, waived examination, and gave suretie
to appear at the approaching term of the Su
preme Judicial Court.
Mr. Charles Wilson of Hallowcll lias com
menced to lay the foundation for the new
black on Water.street. The basement will t«
occupied for stores, while the upper part will
be fitted up forahall, something for which the
city lias long felt the need.
A lady at the depot yesterday attracted
great attention and drew a crowd. The only
peculiarity about her was that she had an ex
traordinary amount of paint on her face, in
comparison with others who had been more
artistic in the use of that adornment.
Whitmore Clark9 Minstrels perform a>
Granite Hall on this evening, previous to
which and during the day there is advertised
to take place a grand street parade, with tin
golden band chariot. A good company ol
minstrels, they have with them still the hu
morous White, who will unroll his “Hank" ol
comicalitcs on this evening.
An “eminent criminal lawyer" of this city
came near being committed to prison in
Boston last week,, for contempt of court.
He found less charity in Boston courts for hi
natural How of blackguardism and Sandy
river satire than at the bar of his own county.
People sometimes have to go away from horm
ta learn good manners.
The members of the Capital Guards speak
in the very highest terms of praise of the
services of the Gynn Brass Band that ac
companied them to Bangor. In the street
parades, the marches, and the serenades their
music was admired and fully up to the best
bands present. Not only as musicians do the
members of this band take front rank, but a
well behaved and courteous gentlemen.
We are happy to learn that arrangement
are nearly perfected for a course of six lec
tures to be given in this city during the months
of December, January and February, by sonn
of the first-class lecturers of the day. Course
tickets will be fl .50. The gentlemen having
this matter in charge are determined to pro
vide th^best lecturing talent of the day, and
we hope their efforts may be successful, li
they can make a course of lectures pay here,
they will perform something that lias repeat
elly been tried with signal failure.
We have received through the courtesy ot
Hiram Choate, E.-q., some specimens ot ap
ples raised by one ot the oldest subscribers ot
the Kennebec Journal, John Tucker of Dix
fleld, who is now eighty years of age, but is
as vigorous as a youth. The old gentleman
not only votes the republican ticket every
time, but has several boys who follow in the
safe footsteps of their good father. We may
say to our young men generally, that it is
best to follow the old man unless the old man
goes wrong.
Miss Anne E. Noble, who keeps a neat little
fruit and variety store on Winthrop street, has
been devoting her leisnre moments of late to
crayon drawing, and has already proved by
her work that she possesses talents of a su
perior order in that branch of the fine arts.
Though entirely self-taught, she has produced
likenesses ol several of our citizens, which
show unusual skill in the art. A sample of
her work may he seen at the bookstore of
Clapp North. No one who desires to per
petuate the semblance of his or her face in
crayon, need go farther than Miss Noble's
humble little shop to be fully satisfied. I’at
ronize home tales! and encourage modest
worth.
The cost ot travelling in Europe is a sub
ject that was discussed quite recently by a
fireside circle in this city, and it was thought
that au economical person could spend three
months at an expense of about $oO). Tin
opinion of one who has been there is better
than mere conjecture, and so we give the
statement of Mr. Elweil of the Portland Tran
script. who lias just returned from a Kuro
psan trip:
“As to the cost of travelling in Europe, u
question of great interest to many, it mav be
Staled at about five .dollars gold per day, it
one is economical. It may, of course, cost
much more than that sum. It is perhaps pos
sible far a gentleman travelling alone, with
little baggage, to do it for less, hut lie must
make up his mind to suffer inconveniences
and practice much self denial, things which
greatly lessen the pleasure of travel. In fact,
to thoroughly enjoy it, one needs plenty of
money. There is a routine ot travel into
which it is easy to get, and out of which it is
difficult to throw one's self, liut one can
see a good deal and enjoy much for five or
six hundred dolliffs, in addition to his passage
money, if he lias the self-denial to refrain
from all unnecessary expenditures."
Yesterday afternoon our citizens had an
opportunity to witness a display supplemental
to the grand military pageant in the streets of
Bangor on the day previous. Five of the
military companies participating in that cele
bration, reached this city in a special train at
quarter to three o’clock in the afternoon, and
made an imposing atreet parade. The com
panies were as follows: Capital Guards, of
Augusta; Portland Light Infantry, of Port
land; Mechanic Blues, of Portland; Auburn
Light Infantry, of Auburn; Norway Light
Infantry, of Norway. They were accom
panied with four bands of music—the Lynn,
Portland, Lewiston and Norway Bands and
two drum corps. On the arrival of the train,
the line formed on Commercial street, the
Capital Guards on the right. Marching down
Bridge and Water streets a halt was made op
posite the post office, where the Capital
Guards saluted the line as it passed by,
and marched to the head of the halted
column, leading the troopers as an escort
through several of the principal streets of the
city. Some preparations had been made for
their coming, and Hags were stretched across
Water street, and depended from stores and
private dwelling* on Water and State street*.
Large crowds lined the sidewalks and filled
the front yard* as tiie soldiers passed by.
It was a display the Like of which ha* not
been seen in our midst since war times.
T ie companies are mostly composed of large,
muscular, noble looking men, many of whom
have seen service in the late war. They did
lot appear fatigued in the least by their long
tourney or active part they had taken in the
‘plendid ovations in the “Queen city of the
Mast.” After a brief parade the companies
eturned to Market square and marched into
Granite Hall where a collation had been
•pread, and which was partaken of and huge
y relished by the men in arms. At 44 o'clock
he whistle of the locomotive sounded, and
lie companies with the exception of the Cap
tul Guards were off to Portland, to take part
in llie reception in that city of the President
>fthe United States,
improvements In the Vlelnltj of Western Avenue.
The extension of Orchard street, from
Green street to Western avenue, is now pro
rressing. The street has been opened and is
■cing graded. Teams now pass over it, bui
it is not yet in a suitable condition for publii
travel, but will be in a short time. Street
Commissioner Arnold is doing a good job
lerc. A stone culvert over the drain running
‘cross lots” to Sewall street, has been built
n a workmanlike mariner by Mr. John Ilussy
This addition to the street runs from tin
-•orner of the lot of E. F. Pinkham, on Greet
•trect, to that of Hon. John L. Stevens ot
Western avenue, and completes a continuou
trect from Bridge street to Western avenue
Sow that Augusta has outgrown its child
booil, why not drop the rural name, “Orch
ird, and christen the entire length “Chest
out Tlie extension is tliree rods wide—tin
mine as the other streets parallel with it.
Another new street, to be called “Lincoln’
treet, has been staked out by the individual
land owners, to run from Sewall, northwest,
through the lots of L. L. Lincoln, J. L
-Stevens, J. A. Iticknell and others. Thia is
lesigned to be a sixty-foot street anil should
ie accepted at once by the city. Its cours<
'rum Sewall street is marked by the fenci
lorlh of Mr. Lincoln's residence. On if
opening many excellent houselots on eithei
>ide of the new street will become availablt
it once, and are needed at the present timt
ior building purposes. Across this street
three parallel streets have been laid out, whicl
the city will undoubtedly accept and open at
public highways. These streets are called
respectively “Johnson,” “Cushman,” and
“Drew” street. Several lots have already
been sold on these proposed street*, and two
bouses are in process of erection by Messrs
vVellman and Kollins.
South of Western avenue, and on the lots
of Warren Johnson and G. G. Stacy, two new
lwelling houses are being erected. Mr.
Stacy lias a large and thrifty settlement, with
•treets laid ont and lots staked off for futun
ouildlng enterprises.
The continued rapid growth of this part ot
the city is an assured fact. When Mr. Steven
■uilt his house on the hillside there were pro
pie who smiled at the project, and wonderei
what in the world should induce him to build
i house “out in the woods." It is now in tin
midst of other elegant residences with the neat
prospect of plenty of company. South 01
Mr. Stevens' Is the large lot of Mr. Geo. S.
Ballard's on which we believe he intends to
build the next season. Mr. Bicknell will pu’
up a house on the lot south of his present
residence.
Anil now a word about the facilities fot
drainage. What is to become of the watei
that in the spring time and during big storms
■ushes down the hill to the large level tract
below, flooding the cellars and dooryards, and
in some eases removing the line fences and
ruining the gardens? Those living on the
hillside ask no favors in this respect, but the
dwellers below should he afforded some sort
of protection. A covered drain of good ca
pacity should run front the foot of the hill,
on the newly laid out portion of Orchard
-treet, to the natural outlet in the gulley be
low. This would prevent these annual or
semi-annual floods from damaging valuabh
property and add immensely to the value ot
real estate in the vicinity.
Zell’s encyclopedia.
The following are two of the many letters
recommending the above hook
Maine State Library,
Augusta, Oct. 12th. 1871.
Maj. Albert Lor.no,
Dear Sir:—1 take pleasure in informing
you that I have examined Zell's Encyclo
pedia, for which you are agents, and find it
iccurate, concise, and comprehensive. I re
gard it as a work of great value and utility,
and of very moderate cost.
Very Truly Yours,
Jos. T. WOODVVARI*.
State of Me., Educational Df.pt.
Augusta, Out. lGth, 1871.
Mu. LotttNG,
Mr Dear Sir :—1 give you my hearty en
lorsement in yuur enterprise of introducing
Zell's Encyclopedia into our schools and
Homes. It is a valuable work, evidently pre
pared with gr, at care, and deserves a place
in every family in the Slate.
Very Truly Yours,
Warren Johnson.
Ladies wishing human hair of the Lest
quality are advised to call soon at No. 0, Co
ny House. Work of all kinds done to order.
Combings made into switches, grey hair
added. Instuetions given in the art.
JttotricU.
In Hallowed, 18th in*t., by Iter. C. Fuller, Forest
Thompson to Miss Maria A. Clark, both of llallo
well
In Gardiner, &?d ult., Everett B. Small, to Mi»*e
KnniiH F. Umg; l"tn m-t., Mr. George E. Porter, to
vliss Nettie J Thompson.
In North Livermore, 5th Inat E en II Ilinkley
to Miss Costeda M. Boyau., both of North Liver
more.
29 UH.
Ill this city, 15lh inat, very suddenly, Sarah A.,
wife of John Union, aged 60 years.
In West Gardiner, 10th List., Mrs. Mercy Libby,
aged 74.
EXCELLENT BARGAINS.
Price* Low and Terras Easy.
A TWO 8TOKY HOUSE, with L, 9 rooms; good
cellar and cistern uowbUhle; large lot and
a number of fruit trees.
A voltage house of seven rooms, and lot.
Several tine building lots.
Terms easy. Apply to
E. W. WIlITEHOrsK.
Office: Freemans Dank Building,
<cp5t Augusts, Maine.
HOME
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK,
ASSETS OCT, 20 th, 1871,
$4,000,000,
After i aylng Chicago lossei.
M. W. FARR, Agent,
DARBY BLOCK,
Augusta. Maine.
octtMf
AFTER
CHICAGO FIRE.
Springfield Fire Marine, Spring*
field.
North American, New York.
Hanover,
Connecticut, Hartford,
itaj State, Worcester.
Reliable .«tatementrf have been received from
tbove Companies, taying their capital is entire,
aid their business will continue.
W. T. HALLETT,
ocMO-m AGENT.
PHENiX
INSURANCE COMPANY,
or NEW YORK.
-Assets Oct. 20, 1871,
SI,500,000,
Alter paying Chicago losses.
M. W. LlRR, Agent,
DARBY BLOCK, AUGUSTA.
GR1IVITE HALL, Augusta,
Friday Evening, Oet. 20, 1871.
Another avalanche of attractions! Come to town
>nd see the most gorgeous Street Paradeever made
anv Hall Show in this country, with their great
oliien Six House Band Chakiot "Romeo!”
attaining Proi. Nix’# Silver Cornet Band. The
associate artists of
Whitmore Clark’s Minstrels,
AND BRASS BAND!
CLARK ft HARDY, Proprietors. Newly aug
mented, remodeled, and enlarged for Mini liter of
•*72. Headed hy K. P. Hardy, the founder of the
present organization, w hose success as a caterer
•or the public has never been equalleo. whose m
efatigable exertions have been the means of rais
ing it to its present elevated standard.
CARD EXPLANATORY.—The Whitemoro ft
Clark’s Minstrels are composed f the highest or
ler of talent—Gentlemen of Versatility, and se
erts'l from the best performers in the country,
eotnhiuiug in dm organization the Best Negro De
lineators and Comedians! the most pleasing and
Best Quartette and Vocalists I the Most Distin
guished and Best Instrumentalists and Dancers at
•resent engaged in the profession. Now, as ever,
we challenge competition Intact the name of this
c ompany is as familiar as household words, they
netng among the oldest performers iu Minstrelsoy
—hence the experience and knowledge obtained
luring the past twelve years has led them to the
.ante which has made this Trounethe model of all
.•then, The present organization consists of Proi.
Indy Wyatt’s Orchestra Proi. Albert Nix's Stiver
Corner Band A lull Q lartetlo of Vocalists I Song
tld Dance Artists! Clog and Burlesque Dancing!
Three Star Ethiopian Comedians! All under the
direction of
IIAarit WIIITH
The best Comedian living, each entertainment
K ing under his personal supervision. Admission,
si cents; Children under twelve, 20 cents; Re
served seals, .10 cents. Doors open utT 1-2 o’clock;
to commence at 8 o’clock. octl8-t.lt
INTERNATIONAL
Insurance Company
OF NEW YCBX,
Assets Oct. 20,1871,
$1,00 0,00 0.
Afte; paying Chicago losses.
_
M. W. FARR, Agent,
DAUBY BLOCK, AUGUSTA.
PUnE LEAF LAUD
MADE KItOM THE
Best Corn-fed Pork,
And prepared with the greatest care and cleanli
ness by
GEO. C. NAPIIEYS SON,
PHILADELPHIA.
In CONICAL-SHAPE TIN PAILS, weighing
3, 5 and 10 Pounds, Nett.
W All who have used it find it just as repre
sented. -e*
Warranted -trictly pure.
Full Weight Guaranteed.
The pall, when empty, will be found uBerul lor
many purposes No family should be without a
supply of this superior LAKD.
N. B Having obtained Letters Patent for these
lard pails, all persons are hereby cautioned against
infringing upon the Patent.
FOR SALE WHOLESALE BY
F. E. MULLIIiEN,
Commission Merchant, Flour, Grain, Lar«l and
Wool,
172 Water Street, Augusta, Me.
oct 18tlm
LOST.
NEAR STATE ST., a IlulUilo Robe (lin
ed). The finder will be rewarded by leaving
I it at the Mansion House.
oetW-tSt O. B. REYNOLDS.
BY TELEGRAPH
—TO TIJK
Daily Kennebec Journal.
The Great Bailway Celebration.
Bangor, 19. The exercises of the opening
of the European and North American Kail
way on the part of the Company, took place
to-day at Vanceboro’, at half-past eight.
Two trains of cars containing the President
and suite, Governor-General of Canada and
suite, Lieutenant-Governor Wilmotof New
Brunswick, Governor Perliam of Maine, and
suite, and other invited guests to the number
of eight hundred, started from this city and
made the run ty Vanceborough in little less
than five hours. All along the route the
stations were thronged to get a sight of the
President, who gratified them by appearing
un the platform when he was received with
hearty cheers, and waving of handkerchiefs
hy the ladies. The sensation of a train of
Pullman cars with the President of the United
States on board, in the back woods of Maine,
was a novel one to hundreds who saw a rail
road car ether than u eonstructian train for
the first time in their lives one week ago.
The President never seemed happier in re
sponding to the people than he did to-day
in meeting and greeting the settlers of our
little towns in the wilderness, and many a
young lady will remember with pleasure, and
tell her grand-children with pride, of the kiss
received from the 'Piesident of the United
States, in some of these new settlements,
where one year ago all was a dense forest
Passing the town of Winn the party saw with
surprise, the immense tannery buildings ol
Messrs. Henry Poor Son, but the surprise
was increased, when on arriving at Kingman,
and seeing the still greater tannery of Shaw
Kingman, and a village neatly and tastilv
laid out, and were told that but little more
than one year ago all was an unbroken wil
derness.
on arriving at Vanceborough, the place
was found to be gaily decorated in flags oftha
Union of England and of this Dominion,
with a representation of the eagle and lion
on one shield, and the stars and stripes and
St. Georges Cross blended on another.
An immense pavillion had been put up and
tables laid to its entire capacity, with an ele
gant and even sumptuous repast and deco
rated in a superb 'manner with flags of the
defferent governments represented, and with
boquets, festoons, and garla,.ds of flowers
and evergreens, the question of expense not
having apparently been taken into considera
tion.
As the President debarked from the train
a salute was fired, and the Jameson Guards
who had gone up from this city on an earlier
train performed escort dufj-. The train from
St. John arrived at the same time with the
Bangor train, and two peoples were arranged
upon opposite sides of the same tables, where
a general fraternization took place, and con
graulations and compliments were inter
changed. President Jewett of the E. N. A.
Uailruad, presided, having President Gram
on his right, and Lord Lisgar on his left,
with the other distinguished gentlemen on
each hand. President Jewett called the as
semblage to order, and called upon Prof
Barbour of this city to invoke the divim
blessing, after which the company partook of
the viands before t cm with a keener relish
for the long ride which they had taken.
After the inner man had been satisfied.
President Jewett welcomed the President.
Governor-General, the suites and the assem
bled guests, and presented President Grant
amid tumultuous cheers, of which it would be
difficult to sav whether those from Americans
or Provincials were the most hearty.
President Grunt said it was pleasant to hi
here on this occasion, which is celebrated by
the citizens of this continent ot two nation
alities. in which both were equally interest
ed, and sat down amid the cheers’ of the as
semblage.
Gov. Wilmot then called for three rousing
cheers for the President, saying that he war
sorry he could not gratily their desire to
visit them at this time, hut shU he would ex
cuse him if lie would come after his next
election. The cheers were given three times
three.
Lord Lisgar, Governor-General of Canada,
was then introduced, and was received wit!
loud cheers. He said he was extremeh
gratified to be received as the representative
of his Soverign in such an assemblage, hon
ored as it was by the presence of the Presi
dent, which gave it an international char
aeter. lie trusted that tho enterprise over
the completion ot which we to-day rejoice,
would engage the inhabitants of both coun
tries in amicable interest. He came to-day
expressly to pay a tribute of respect to yuu’i
noble President, not more to the office than
to the man; complimented Iris military ca
reer, and his action in regard to the treaty.
He said the Council of the Dominion would
submit the treaty Ht the next meetingof Parlia
ment; did not doubt the legislature were in
dined to view the subject from an imperial
and international point of view, and had good
hopes that nothing to mar the good feeling
between the two countries would ever arise.
Stafford North Cole averred to an audience
at Exeter the other day that kindly disposi
tion toward England existed through this
eonntry to day aince the last shot betweei
tlie countries. Two generations had passed;
1871 was not 1771, and the council ovei
which Gladstone presides are popular eoun
oils, established by the will of tile people.
He hoped the precedents established by the
treaty would stand. Nothing was done by
coercion; the United States was not torn b.
civil service; England was nut threatened
by the fleets of France and Spain, all was
peace. These questions were met not in h
hurtle guise but to reconcile them to peaceful
measures and calm councils. The event will
be recognized in history by the thinking men
in all ages as a greater movement than any
created on battle-fields, &c.
Lieutenant-Governor Wilmot was then
called up. He referred to the exercise* at
Bangor yesterday. They were fit to warm a
man’s heart it he had any heart to warm. It
warmed the hearts of all the New Brunswick
era to see the magnificent manner in which
the people had entered upon the ei lcbmtiun ot
this event. Here we all are to-day, and to
borrow a phrase from your President which
lie has always loved since lie heard "Let us
have Peace.” It would be a saucy thing for
him to challenge a country like the United
States but he did it yesterday. He chal
lenged them to a contest as to who should
live best, and do most for the promotion ot
the arts, sciences, literature und religion.
He thanked God that they were to have fri e
schools; that is what the United States have
got and that is why she has got so niuih tin
start of them. How has their country d
v n c d since he first entered pol to il 1 f
Did’nt England consult New Brins, wok
when the treaty affected her interests.
Thank God England to-day says the treaty
can only be confirmed when accedi d to the
dominion honor to her noble commissioner
who so well represented their interests.
There is a broad future before us and we
must emulate the example which the United
States have set us in all that advances tin
interests and wcllfare our people. He closed
by calling for three cheers for Maine.
Gov. 1‘erham was then called upon und
responded.
Brief remarks were made by a number of
other distinguished gentlemen, thus closing
this glorious and happy meeting, the Presi
dent and patty returning to this city, while
large numbers took a train to continue their
trip to St. John. After taking tea at the
Bangor House, the President and suite left
for Portland at 11 :10.
Murder.
Cincinnati, 19. William Brooks was
tnurderud in the suburbs ol1 Ironton, Ohio,
Tuesday night.
Netva from Boston.
Boston, 19. The semi-annual meeting of
the New England Association of superintend
ents of public schools, was held to-day in the
school house, Mason street. C. Morrill of
Lowell, President, occupied the chair. At the
opening of the meeting there were only 12
gentlemen present. I)aDiel Leach of Provi
dence was elected President, and W. W.
Waterman of Taunton, Secretary for the en
suing year. Papers were read on “General
Reading of Scholars,” by A. D. Small of
Newport, and upon the “marking system” in
public schools, by T. Emerson of Newton,
and a general discussion followed. Also on
tlie subject ol securing the best teachers and
a better attendance of pupils, on proper use
of text books and other matters ol interest.
Mr. Philbrick offered the following, which
was adopted:
Resolved, That we consider the practice
of marking more on daily recitations of pu
pils as objectionable, and recommend its dis
continuance. We, however, approve of and
recommend marking merits of written exami
nations.
A committee was appointed to prepare a
course of study for primary, intermediate
and grammar schools, to report at the next
meeting.
A circular and blank statement intended to
exhibit their financial condition and total
losses by the Chicago fire, has been addressed
to officers of insurance companies in this city
and State, by Julius L. Carke, Insurance
Commissioner, requesting them to fill and
return to him immediately, or as toon as the
losses can be fairly stated—schedule an
nexed,
The Boston Maine and Eastern Rail
roads have agreed upon the terms upon which
passengers and freight shall be carried from
Bortland to Boston.
Explosion.
New Orleans 19. A wagon load of Union
torpedoes exploded this forenoon, instantly
killing the driver. One of his legs was blown
several hundred feet. The windows in the
neighborhood were badly shattered.
The Weather.
Wab Department, 1
Office of the Chief Sionai, Officer.
Washington, Oct. 19.—7 P. M.
Probabilities.
The low pressure wjll probably move over
New England to-night, with brisk winds and
but little clondiness. The winds will prob
ably diminish on the lower lakes and pleasant
weather will continue on Friday very general
ly east of the Bocky Mountains.
News From California.
San Francisco 19. The whole republican
and tax-payers tickets are elected in San
Francisco, by from 1,200 to 5,000 majority.
I'he State is overwhelmingly Republican.
A suit has been commenced by the demo
crats of Latono county, to set aside the Sep
tember election of that county on the ground
that the aetiou of federal officials at Valejo
rendered a free ballot impossible.
The case of Mrs. Fair is set down for the
24th inst. in the Supreme Court.
A mail carrier's party was attacked be
tween Tucon and Camp Crittended, Arizona.
9th inst., by a band of Apaches with whom
Vincent Collier had just made a treaty of
peace.
News From Wastungtoo.
Washington, 19. The Bureau of Justice
was to-day transferred to the new Freedmen's
Pureau Building.
Telegraph News in General.
Nashville, Tenn., 19. The Supreme Court
it Tennessee has reversed the verdict ot
827,000 against Saunders Clark, news
paper publishers, for printing the speech of
Gen. Mahey denouncing Baxter.
Belfast, 19. The Belfast City Guards,
commanded by Col. William H. Fogler, a
distinguished and wounded officer in the re
bellion, returned to-night from Bangor where
ihey did escort duty to President Grant.
I’liey were received with three cheers and a
wager.
Wiscasset, Me., 19. A flight shock ot
eariliqurke was felt here at 4.45 this after
noon.
Kingston, Ja., 10. The Demerara tele
graphic cable has been laid.
New Orleans 19 Rolie Cumachs bank
box containing $50,000 worth of securities,
was stolen to-day.
Albany, N. Y., 19. John C. Winne a bro
ker of New York, was put in jail to-day in
default of $22,000 bail, on a charge of de
frauding his mother-in-law, Mrs. Josephine
H. Boucher, of 815,000.
Chicago Fire Items.
Chicaco, 18. Six new steam fire engines
arrived last night from New Yoik, and no
further apprehension is felt ot safety from
fires.
There have been many false reports circu
lated sn regard to the city and county debt.
These reports stated the city debt at $20,
400,000. The entire county debt does not
exceed 85.000.0o0.
William J. Johnson, owner of 200 lots in
Milwaukee avenue, offers them for rent free
lor three years for the purpose ot erecting
cheap houses for the homeless.
Mrs. Leroy of Dekoven street, in whose
ban. the fire originated, pronounces the story
false that the fire occurred owing to her car
rying a kerosene light into the stable, as she
was asleep when the fire commenced.
The Illinois House of Representatives yes
terday passed supplementary warehouse and
Chicago tax exemption bills, both of which
were important relief bills to Chicago.
The first real estate transaction of any im
portance since the fire, were made this morn
ing. 11. G. Hinsdale sold to V. B. Bryan 42
feet on Dearbon Place, by 82 feet on Ran
dolph street, (in the burnt district) for
$500.00. Hinsdale bought property a year
ago for $40,000.
FINANCIAL COMMERCIAL.
New York Nouey Market.
New Yoke, October 19.
Quid closed atlii.X
United States Sixes (coupons), 18?] lir»X9
1^20X 1082, 113X9
1884, 113X 9
1886, 113X9
1886, Jan.&.luly, 112X9
1887, 112X 9
181* 112X9
10-48’s,(Coupons) 108X9
PaciU Fixes, 9
Centr Pacifies 100X9
Unio 84X9
New York Mock Market.
New York. October 19.
Mariposa 1 do ptd., lx Canton Co. 67 X Cum
berland Co. 40 Western Union Tel Co 57X
Quick'liver Mining Co„ 15X Pacific Mail 43X;
Boston Water Power. 41 Adams Kx. Co sox
Wells, Fargo A Co., 49 American Merchants Ua
52 X; U. Ex. Co., 52 X N\ Y. Central A Hudson
River, 85X do. scrip. 81 X Erie,27X do. pfd.59
Harlem, 120 do. pfd 12 Heading 106v. ;Mich.
Central, 115 Lake Shore and Michigan Southern
9.3 Illinois Central 13.3 Cleveland A 1*ill.-burg,
11') Chicago A North Western,no no. ptd8r<X
Chicago A Hock Island. 97X Mil A St. Paul 54
do. ptd., 74 Toledo, Wabash A Western, 54
do. ptd 82 Pittsburg A Fort Wayne, 98 Terre
Haute, 10 do. pfd 48 Alton, 115 do, pfd 114
Ohio A Miss., 35X Boston, Hartford A Erie. 2X
Cincinnati Produce Market
Cincinnati, October 1H.
MfiSS POKE—13 0o
L IU>
BULK MEATS—shies 7«,
B vOON—.boulder, 7'. ckurriU 8: sides 7‘,
WHISKEY-111.
New York Produce Market,
N»w York, October 19.
rLOTA? “ld■ ODlkOds 1»X
PnKK’’,1'‘t„!2!™ we"P*rn »o«5i
00™ prime, 1130 *13-37- oW, 0000
BU'rrER-vfe8t’nt*To”i(?!i8?i?^ 10*.
WHISKEY Western free
RICE—Carolina, 8a9.
sUUAU Porto Kico» 0 J Maacovado, 9§n%
81 AIK NEWS.
An old man named Richard Elder, residing
in Windham, went to Portland on Wednes
day, with too mnch beer on board, and fell
off his seat between the wheels of his wagon
and was badly hurt. He was picked up ai.d
carried to the city hospital.
The U. S. Coast Surrey is making a plan
of Belfast, which will include every lot,
building, wharf, £c., in the city.
The journal says that in his will, the late
Alfred W. Johnson set aside the sum of five
hundred dollars a year perpetually, to be ex
pended under the direction of the trustees of
his estate, ,-lbr the relief of the needy poor ot
Belfast, who are not paupers.” Since the
bequest went into operation in Jaunary,
1870, one hundred and twenty-one persons
have been relieved, by the expenditure of
sums ranging from two and a half to twenty
dollars—in most cases taking the form of
tuel, clothing of provisions. It is a charity
that does its work unobtrusively, silently—
and many a needy person has had reason to
bless the memory of him who devised this
bounty, the kindly giver.
By the fall of a staging at Gen. Smith’s
mill at Waterville, on Friday atternoon, an
estimable young man named Jerome Simpson
was precipitated thirty feet to the rocky bed
the river below, receiving injuries so severe
that he died in a few hours. Mr. Simpson
was to have been married that evening.
There was a friendly game of ball played
at N. Turner Saturday, Oct. 14th, between
the Shoo Flies of Brettuns Mills and tha Wy
auduts ot Turner Village. The game was
well contested on both sides and resulted in
favor of the Wyandots by a score of 42 to 30.
The regatta at Bangor, that took place on
the waters of the Penobscot, embraced racer
tor batteaux, canoes, double and single shellr
for which liberal prizes in money were offer
ed. The starting point was just above the
steamboat wharves, and the course was down
the river round a stake boat and return. For
the batteaux race, distance one mile and a
half, there were fire entries. The first prize
was of $75. and wor by William Connors ano
crew time 12 minutes. The second prize ol
$50 was won by Henry Davis and crew;
time 12.20. Third prize of $25 by John
Craw and crew; time, 17.40. F'or canoes,
distance one mile, there were fire entries.
The first prize of $40 was taken by Mitchell
Peol Susup and Francis l’eol Mitchell, twi.
Penobscot Indians time, 11.40. For doubli
sculls, distance one mile, there were threv
entries. The first prize of $25 was taken b>
Davis Brothers ot Portland; time, 11.15
The second prize was taken by Wm. L. Sea
vey and Scott Nickerson of Bangor; time.
13.15. For single sculls, distance one mile,
there we two entries. First prize of $20 vt>
taken by M. F. Davis of Portland; time
10.45. There was a large crowd of specta
tors Oil both sides of the river, and quite t
fleet of barges wandering here and there.
n isconsin anil Michigan Fires. I
Sufferers by the Wisconsin and Michigai I
fires are arriving in New York. The story
which they tell is heart-rending. A family
by the name of Hunter relates a terribh
tale.
A New York correspondent of the Bostoi
Journal says
All were suffering from having inhaled th
smoke, fumes and ashes of the fire. Mr*
Hunter’s hair, which she says flowed to th
waist, was completely burned off. One sid
of her face and her neck and shoulders wer?
fearfully injured, three deep holes havin;
been made by the glowing cinders in th
flesh. Her hands, also, were covered will
blisters. Mr. Hunter’s face, neck and hand
were badly burned. Mr. Martine’s face wa
a hideous spectacle. One cheek was literal 1;
raw, and great blotches pitted his left arm
shoulder and back. One eye is hopclessl
ruined, and the other inflamed to an ominor
degree. All were scarred, especially on th
face, neck, hands and feet. As they all say
no tongue can tell their agong of mind, pain
ungnish and terror, nor can language o
pencil portray the dreadful scenes tliroug
which they have passed.
Mr. Hunter's *tory is at once graphic am
thrilling He resided at Pestigo witli hi
wife and little child, seven years of ag.
Their house was about three miles from th
town, just at the age of a strip of foresi
Their had been fires in the woods aud prai
ries for a week previously, and night afti
night they had sat at the windows, gazin
upon the gorgeous panorama of flame, sinok
und sparkling cinders, as it moved along th
horizon. Very little, if any fear was entei
taim d, a« the course of the fire seemed awa
from the town.
On Saturday night they attended churcl
in the village. They and Martine, the herd
man, retired to rest early, wholly unsuspeci
ing the fearful peril that was soon to over
whelm them. At about midnight they wcr.
aroused by the roar and crackling of tl?
flames. At first they were almost pcrtrifli
with amazement and fear. The hlazinj
woods seennd marching upon them. A hri*l
breeze was stirring, but tie ?trong current*
of hot air raged to and fro with a horriu
howling sound. Quickly dressing, the
rushed to the yard. The sky was thick win
smoke, and showers of sparks were liurlei
hither and thither, assailing iheir faces, eye
and clothing. From the barn came a piteou
chorus or neighs, bellowings and scream?
from the terrified cattle, horses and oth«
animals. After great difficulty they were re
leased, and compelled to ge out. The cattl
at once stampeded from the fire, but th?
horses trembled and seemed paralyzed, tliei
nostrils expanding, their eyes dilating am
glaring, and their mouths frothing Will
gr at difficulty and haste they were harnessed
and attached to a long lumber box wagon
into which a tew articles were thrown, an?
the party mounted and drove off. An eight
of a mile had been traversed at a rapid rati
when a sudden gust ol wind drove a mas* i
red hot cind rs upon them, filling the air will
stifling smoke. Where the sparks fell thn
burned into the fli?*b. The littli irl scream
ed with fear ,-Oh, mama, I am burning up,"
she cried, and the others groaned, shook ufl
the fire anil coeered themselves with blankets.
The air fur a moment was black and breath
ing was almost impossible. The horses stag
gered, backed, anil reared wiih furious
screams, ami then with a plunge, which un
seat d those in the wagon, madly rushed
down the road at almost lightning speed. All
control of them was lost, and the party clung
to the sides of the vehicle to keep in. On
tiny flew, the wheels striking tire against the
stones, and the wagon swaying to and fro!
from one siJe to the road to the other. Then,
for a time, the wind changed and the clouds
of cinders were carried in another direction.
They could see that all the northern part of
the village was en fire, anil the flames seemed
moving with the velocity of clouds. All the
buildings were of wood, much of it being
•f pitch pine, and as there had been no rain
tor n long time, and the sun had baked ev
erything dry, the fire ran along them as
though they had b en a rain gunpowder.
Mrs, Hunter said: We ssooti m the water
up to our necks, our little girl Minnie beiug
held up Letween us. When first we went in
»*'e feeling was tha- of grateful re.reslmient.
The top of the water teemed warm, bat (li
bottom part waa eold. After we hod boon
there half an hour, the wind carried groat
•tripa, and even ph cea of board, was of
them earning. There would be whirled in
the air, high up over our beads, and hover
l*e m8** ^awk, aad thee swoop down upon
ua. We would duck our heads under the
water, but would get so exhausted that wa
could not, and then we could not, and then
we had to be burned. Poor little Minnie, ao
weak that she could hardly cry. would say:
Dear papa, I am burned again; dear mama,
my feet are ao cold, and I am to tired.
Three hours and more thus passed. Every
moment we expected to die. Finally the air
became ao that we could not not see. Onr
eyes seemed parboiled. The agony waa aw
*fur feet like ice, and our facet and
heads in an atmosphere of dame. At last
there was a rush of the waters, the dam had
given way, and the dood came down npon us,
sweeping us off our feet into a mass of timber
and broken plank, some on Are: horses, cat
tle, dogs and human beings, all struggling
and shrieking. In the rush and whirl the
almost helpless Mr. and Mrs. Hunter were
separated. Mrs. Hunter went down aad
came near being drowned. Minnie was lost
and drowned. By a swerving of the current
they were washed on shore, and at daylight
found each other. There were many mourn*
ing and crying over the scene of desolation.
On all sides, as far as the eye could roach,
there were smouldering Area. The village
was a long waste of ashes; not a vestige re*
mained.
DR. E. R. CLARKE’S
VEGETABLE
Sherry Wine Bitters.
THE BEST EDliffiB XHE VUU.
I
o
v.' nupmrcu ui duck nuuv, nnr»pinua, nocr now*
Winieiwreen, Dandelion, Wild Cherry, Thorough
•vort, Prickly A*h, Poplar Bark, Rhubarb, etc.
For tVeakneu, Lost of Appetita.Jamn
(llee, Headache, Hour Stomach, PUea of
long atandtng, Hlmeri, and all Dilemet which
urine from an unhealthy etate of the Stomach,
Bowel*, and Blond, for which valuable Root* and
Herbs, and the knowledge of their great rervle# to
•tillering humanity, man cannot feel too thankful
to Him who wiaely provided ua with all things,
TO ALL ^PERSONS,
BOTH SICK AND WELL.
If a Ling Life of Health and Hajrpwaeai
is desired, let these Bitten be taken, particularly
in the Spring and Warm Seasons of tne year, ana
•specially by the following classes of psopw:—
The MECIIA.YIC, who, from his constant In
door labors, not having sufficient access to ths
bracing and refreshing air out of doors, becomes
weakened at the stomach, nervous, pale and sickly,
ila food not relishing nor properly digesting. He
hould take these Bitters, and freely tooy In or*
ier to get his system up, right and strong, and la
»rirae condition to go through the warm weather
,n good 'hape, with nis constant daily labors. The
exhilarating and cleansing power of the Dock
i&oot. Dandelion, Poplar, and Prickly Ash Bark,
is what will bring him up, and make him, physi
cally speaking, once more a man! Ths
>11LL OPERATIVE will find this Medicine
the very thing to cleanse the blood and strengthen,
he system, and r<*ry mild and pleasant to take.
i’he PALE AID O.TCE BEAUTIFUL
L ADY has but to take this compound freely, and
lie will be speedily restored to health, beauty
mil buoyancy. Tho IIOYE9T FARMER,
he CLEROYHA.Y and LAWYER, and
HEX OF SEDEYTARY HABITS—this
a your Medicine! After once using it, you will
ever he without it. It will improve yon twsnty
ive per cent. The HARLVER will find it ths.
•eat medicine in ths world for his use; it makes
im, while at sea, hearty and rugged, and oapabls
great endurance ana exposure; and when ou
here, it renovates his blood, and restores and re
lira his system.
Che Largest Bottle, the Lowest Prlsa,
and the most Effectual Remedy
lu the World.
Diploma awarded by tha Massachusetts Chart
'.able Mechanic Association.
PREPARED BY
L. M. ROBBINS
Chemist and Uruggl.
ROCKLAND, ME.
^n)p Proprietor of Dr. Eh B. Clarke** T,«.
table Nh.rry Wla* Bitter*. Form any
manufactured in Sharon, bias*.
CAITIOY EXTRA.— Owing to the (ml
'opularity ami sale of there Bitter., worthies, 1ml
itions may come np In the market, but aa you
nine vour life and health, be sure and get the gen*
line Sherry Wine Bitters. Be* that the Portrait of
>r. Clarke and mi fnc-timil* algnature* are upo.
he label of each bottle. No other 1* genuine
SOLD BY DEALERS IN MEDICINE*
Oirigo Business College,
Aujs;utita, Maine.
This Institution will be open to admission,
Sept. 4th, 1871.
The course of Instruction Is thoroughly practical
nd designed to qualify young men and women for
ositions in busiuess as accountants, clerks, or any
rher vocation.
lluvmg secured the services of a gentleman o
>ng experience in teaching to take especia. charge
i the branches. Ac., we shall be prepared to admit
ludects of all grade* of scholarship.
I’he course pursued will be s follows:
BUSINESS COUMfeB.—lie luried in Scholarship.
Book-Keeping, until qualmed to till the position
f accountant—by this we mean practical Arithme
I io, Granm ar. and its practical application in Com
nercial Correspondence, Commercial Law, by
Lectures, and applied to business documents and
good rapid hand writing. Classes will be formed
in the common branches, as the wauts of Ike school
lemand.
ELECTIVE STUDIES.
fligher Mathematics, Languages, and Ornament
1 Penmanship. Our fa< ilities *or t btaining a prac
ical education—ooe that will give immediate em
■loyment to the professor, are unwnrpaMsed by any
tlier school it. the country. S' hoiars are admitted
t any time. Good board furnished at $4 per week
1 in private ftunilies.
TUITION.
scholarship and Stationary, time
unlimited, $35
Three Months and Stationary, Busl
ne>sroui>e* 25
rh ee Months, Branches and plain
writing, 10
ilrnamental Penmanship. Course, 25
TERMS PAYABLE OK EHTERIK8.
For further particulars address
D. M. WAJTT,
34*4 Proprietor.
nETTEB AND CIIFAPKR
THAN ANT OTHER
BOOTS OR SHOES;
THOSE FASTENED WITH
CABLE SCREW WIRE.
BRTTEK— Because they are more Pliable, mora
I Comfortable, are water-proof, and are warranted
i not to RinorOape.
CHEAPER—Because, while their firtt coat it not
in exceas of tewed or pegged work of a like grade,
•heir Durability is far greater, they preserve their
Shape much better, and the metalie Jkatening in
i aurcaa more K<|ual Wear.
Equally applicable to light and henry work.
The immense demand having t ailed forth irnita
tiont, consumers should itegure that every boot or
8hoe bears the Patent stamp.
Hold by Dultn A'nrywhtrt.
«*pJ0-»pR