4
ft*
Term**’*? SitfotcffplioKU
TATAULK 15 AUVAM’K:
Dally Fditfan, per year. by haii
Tri-Woekly Kditlon, p* r y«nr. by M mi
SiiiuJaj* i.’<2itloa. per year, by .natt-...
Weekly Kdltlon, jH*r year. by M.viT
Part* of year at the Paine lata.
To prevent delay ami mistake*. In' *urenafl /rtro Pont
'Ofllce adiTYf*« \Vk full, Uictudlnp state r-nd cmttty.
VostouaieTd iW'’ allowed 10 |»er «>nC ovuici&fKKi en
yearly ttnWfit'tmn.n.
lU'TCitt.'uuvf way W wnrt* tlthwr br exprcft*.
POni Olilcc cn’u r. ».r la JVg'.-ttrvd Untir*. at OUT ribk
tkrv* to riTT smwruamHA-
DhUj% tWivmtl HtmOnr oxcvrtoA *“»ront4 per week.
Dal!v •icilvered, Mmilny Im-UuW, SO cent- per wt-A.
A*\ THE TIWBVNE COMPANY.
.Vo, IS Cmud-st., Chfe'wnv HI.
SATUBDA?. NOVEMBER U. 1571.
.\0 »OBR WOORJRN ISUIU)IXoM
In n tire commenced iu tho city
of Pittsburgh, which was not stopped until it
had ceuMiiued nearly everything in that city
'that was combustible, Tho city had pre
viously takenthe precaution to prohibit the
election of frame building#, but a number of
old ones were slid in existence. A long
drought, a hUh wind cuinc, aud tho destruc
tion o£ Pittsburgh wa« even mono over
whelming than that of Chicago. It did not
destroy as touch*hnt it destroyed all there
was. We have-had-a costly experience of
this kind of building. Threc-fourtlis of tho
houses in Chicago before tho fire were of
wood, and now nine-tenths are of that mate
riaL Since the tiro there have been put up
monster buildings, to be used for stores and
warehouses, all of wood. Tim few attempts
at brick buildings are in no csso
I Hitter, having for the most part their ex
terior walls of brick, and every tiling else of.
wood. By spwial permission of the Board
of Public Works, two shells bavobeen erected
on Madison street, just south of the High
School (where all our tonmining public re
cords are kept). These sheds are 100 foot deep
by 50 foot wide, and are stored with cooper’s
materials —the sheds to be used for drying
purposes. If they were powder magazines
they would be no more dangerous to property,
and life. A spark in one of them would pro
duce ivoouflairration that flo tire apparatus
could arrest, and which, being fed by the
many.other hardly less intiutmuable build
ings. would sweep the West Division as if it
wmra field of dried grass. All over the
West Side there are frame buildings in course
of erection, I>y whose permission and by what
authority no ono seems to know, and no
one seems to care. Miserable buildings and
Rhanficfl arc perambulating tho streets in
every direction, whose owners ought to be
coinjxdlod to take them to pieces. The Board
of Public Works arc greatly to blame for per
mitting these structures to be moved and
the streets occupied by buildings worthless
except aa fuel to feed the next great lire.
Wo want two immediate reforms, and rhn
new Mayor and Common Council will be
false to the intercuts they have been ducted
to protect, if they fail to give thorn the share
of law. The first is tho prohibition of the
erection of any frame building within the
corporate limits, and the next is a like pro
hibition of wooden cornices or cupolas, or
other inflammable appendages to buildings of
any kind.
There baa never been any attempt to regn-
Ute building in Chicago, Tho fall of a h:i!f
dozen brick structures and the murder of a
score or two of persons, led to the enactment
of a law by the Legislature giving the City
Council full power over this subject,-but
these powers have never been exercised. The
■ten selected for this purpose have nev**r in
terfered. Architects too old or too obstinate
to be governed by considerations of safely,
have continued to erect buildings too high to
be reached will* water, yet surmounted by
attic stories composed of pine knots. During
the recent fire these elevated lumber heaps
made a grand display, and furnished plenty
of blazing material for the wind to bear
away to other jeirLs of rbe city.
The same reckless disregard of every pre
caution against five is shown in the location
of lumberyards. These seem to have been
bo provided that in case a tire should exhibit
any signs of exhaustion, it could he renewed
by some lumber yard conveniently placed for
that purpose. It is impossible f« put out a
lire once well st?.rted in a lumber yard, and
yet there is not a railroad freight office, nor
an elevator, nor a mill, nor any other large
depository of property that has not a well
stocked lumberyard in its immediate vicin
ity. Canal street, to which the business of
tho city has been driven by tho tire, has iU
lumber yards conveniently arranged iu order
that the next great tire may not speedily go
out for want of material.
Chicago hits paid during the last fifteen
years enough money in extra in.-mranc.-,
caused by frame buildings, to have built a
brick building for each wooden one erected
within that time. As a matter oi economy,
therefore, the further erection of wooden
buildings ought to be prohibited. The
owners of wooden structures now feel the
great loss. They tire paying an advance of
150 to 300 per cent in the rates of insurance,
and their buildings are of less value, lo
calise tenants for the most part are nnahlo to
got any insurance from responsible compan
ies on poods in wooden buildings.
The insurance companies aro responsible
for much of the encouragement, to the build
ing of frame houses. Such has been the
competition that every time a loaded lumber
wagon passed along the street, it was fol
lowed by insurance solicitors, who waited on
the ground until they had secured a risk to
any possible amount on the yet unbuilt stmc
tnre. This is hardly an exaggeration. Bisks
were taken, and for any amount, the owner
asked, on anything from a hay rick to a mar
ble palace. The victimized holders of ?SO.-
000.000 of worthless policies can now under
stand the real value of that reckless insu
rance which asked not whether the building
was of wood or stone, or whether it contained
iron or petroleum.
Wo have had enough of this exposure of
life and property. Wo have paid heavily for
our defiance of the elements, and for our
violation of natural laws. It is time we
should stop this. There is not a city in tho
United States having 100.000 inhabitants,
which permits the erection of frame build
ings. They have been prohibited every
where else, long ago, and we must begin at
once. Wo must stop the erect ion of wooden
buildings and of brick buildings with wooden
partition walls. No more wooden buildings
should bo allowed to ho moved. The (radio
in shanties should now he stopped forever,
and wo must now commence to build a first
olass city out of first-class materials.
AXOTDEK KIND OF no.’ll]; INSCK-
ANCE,
V-V are informed that a numlw'T of the pro
prietors of grain elevators in this city have
purchased steam lire engines for their build
ings. They have also purchased, raid will at
once pat into each elevator, a steam pump,
by means of -which water can bo forced in
large quantities to each lloor, where, with
plug and hose, the force of the establishment
can promptly put out any lire originating in
the building, andean protect Uio building
from lire occcring in the vicinity. The entire
building, inside and out, can he flooded with
water if necessary. The danger from
fire from within is so very
slight that these precautions will render the
braidings and contents entirely safe from a
fire of that kind,, while they can also keep the
metal-coated buildings so constantly wet as
to prevent their bnrulng from any ordinarv
fire from without.
Having provided their buildings with all
the protection that human agency can devise,
they can aflord- to discontinue insurance.
Long experience has shown that elevator
property has been tho best paying risk taken
by insurance companies in tins city. Under
the recently established rates, tho insurance
companies will soon exact tho value of each
elevator and contents for premiums. Here
after the warehousemen and tho owners
•f tho grain will ho their own insurers.
One year’s insurance at present rates on tho
uvn-age value of the grain in store and the
elevators themselves will amount to $750,000.
By the adoption of means to render any se
rious damage from fire impossible, tho com*
muiuty interested will save, after bearing all
expenses, nine-tenths of this largo sum. Like
precautions will, wo understand, he taken in
all onr large cstehhshmcuts. Each will have
its own fire apparatus, fire plugs, and lire
brigade for its own protection, and thussavo
the expense of insurance, wliicb. in the end
may prove worthless. Tho days of bogus in
snraimc business in Chicago have, in all liko
liht.cd, departed forever.
Tiir tax tm'niMMio.vim.
Yesterday it was stated that the Tax Com
missioner held his ofllce until March,
and could not be removed before that time.
This was an error. Under the act of ISM
the term of the otlicc is made to expire on
the first Monday in December, IS7I, when tin;
Mayer will have the power to make u now
appointment.
•fill©
rt-Co
Iso
2.00
nit: eaaix tradr in whtrr,
Thr N«*w merchants aro making ef
fort* to establish ;i direct trade with Euroj»e‘
for the rer**:ils of the Northwest. For thro*
or fonr vvuth pa*t shipments lufro boon m:nlo
o/ com ami wheat from that port for Li ver-
IKxd, which urrived there in good order. The
npprehonhiimß that sotne entertained that, in
the passage through tho Gulf of Mexico,
grain might become heated and injured, have
not been justified by tho result. The fact is
an important one in its hearings upon this
city. During the season of lake, canal, and
river navigation the routo from this city and
the Northwest to tho Atlantic ports, and
tin nco to Europe, is shorter by three or four
weeks than from hero to New Orleans, and
fwm there to Europe. It will, therefore,
command the business. But, in tho season of
suspended lake and river navigation, lasting,
generally, from earlj’ in November to tho
middle of May, cereals cannot be transported
nearly so cheaply by rail us. by tho way of
New Orleans. The distance by rail to Cairo,
and thence by water navigation, will always
be cheaper than by rail direct to tho cities
of New York. Boston or Portland. Our ware
houses and elevators have for several years
been crowded with grain during tho winter
season waiting for navigation. Tho outlet
by way of New Orleans would enable Chica
go to prosecute the grain business at this
season without tho usual delays. Arrange
ments could easily be made to obtain through
bills of lading from this city to Liverpool ria
New Orleans, insured for the whole transit,,
upon which bills of exchange might be
drawn, and thus enable the merchant in
Chicago io realize at once upon* corn and
wheat shipped here. Such arrangements
would be of great advantage during the ap
proaching /winter. By the fire
our warehouses have been in a large propor
tion destroyed, and, with all tho preparations
that can be made, we shall not have storage
room for half the quantity of grain usually
.seeking this port in the winter. And our
neighboring cities are not prepared to receive
it. The other lake ports have for several
yenjshnd all tho grain they could give room
to during this season of suspended naviga
tion. Tho quantity which wo shall have no
room for will be as much in excess of their
capacity as it will be of ours, That New
Orleans can ship it ia winter is manifest.
There aronow three lines of ocean steamers
between that port and Europe, employing
twenty iirst-ehufs vessels, and making about
eight trips each month, and, in addition to
this, several other steamshipsplyingbotweou
New Orleans and Liverpool not connected
with any line, and a large lloet of sailing
vessels.
THE SUISIUV DISIAESk
All tbo ocean .steamship companies arc pre
paring for a grand raid upon Congress for
subsidies. They want Congress to vote them
money to build ships with. One of these
e«'iupunies is the unfortunate Mediterranean
£hip Ihiilding Company, an impecunious eon
11rn, which asks lor a loan of only live mill
ions. It is now understood that this company
proposes to hid for Southwestern support, hy
inch.ohm in its demand one or two millions
more to he expended in building a shipyard
at St. Louis, at which all the iron steamships
of the company are to he built. The New
York ihdfWiii, commenting upon these
schemes, says;
New Oiit'sns is now raising SLOW 000 to start a
2b*b.sissijrpi Jfiver barge line. Let s't. Laiiis go i.»
woi p and raise to start an iron
shipyard. Their Interests in this matter are iden
tical. New Orleans is a good receiving unit dis
tributing port for grain and cotton: and St. bonis
ir located most favorably for the construction of
tie new vessels. Then let them go to work and
bring tint whole vast Western and Southern in
llncnce to bear on Congress for the repeal of tint
ditties on Uu* raw material employed iu irouuud
other shipbuilding. The repeal of the duties mi
iron alone would do more, to stimulate iron ship
building than a dozen subsidies. If a hetbm plan
Than this can be devised we would like to hear of
it.
The repeal of J lie duties on iron would be
’•univalent to a restoration of 15,000,000 a
year to the pockets of the consumers of iron.
It would enable the ship-building interest to
resume, and would be the signal for laying
the keels of an iron commercial navy owned
in the United Suites, such ma is not possessed
by any other country. It would give to the
production of non iu this country uu encour
agement not only unpieeislonted. but healthy
and permanent, and not exposed to any. of
the vicissitudes of legislation.
i.. s. r.n>n>Ai:Tr s position.]
Thu London Times prints, from a trust
worthy source, a report of some remarks by
the Emperor Napoleon, explaining that gen
tleman’s position, especially with regard to
the imperial throne. Mr. Bonaparte makes
a distinct denial of any knowledge of a Con
spiracy or intrigue for the purpose of placing
him upon the throne of Franco. On the con
trary, ho denounces all intrigue, and avows
that the only present occupation
of has imperial energies is of n
retrospective ami introspective, rath
er than a prospective, nature.
"Winn.” says Ids late imperial Majesty,
“one has fallen from such a height, the (irst
sentiment one experiences is not the desire
to again mount upon (he pinnacle, hut to
seek the canses of the fal 1 in order to ex
plain one’s conduct and combat calumny,
while still recognizing one’s faults. In doing
this one reviews the past, rather than seeks
to road the fntnre, and strives much more to
justify one’s self than to accomplish a resto
ration. Hence the legitimate desire to em
ploy public means of refuting unjust attacks
and of rectifying erroneous appreciations.”
It may bo remarked by the frivolous, at this
point, that, if Louis has undertaken the tajk
of justifying himself for his course
through the past twenty-throe
>'rat’s, and especially during the sum
mer and autumn of ISTO, ho has a job on
hand which will last him at least the re
mainder of his days, and preclude the pos
sibility of any active career, cither ns an in
triguer, an Emperor, or a historian. But the
more considerate will remark that if the
Emperor lias really gone into the business of
self-examination and of analyzing the sci
ence of kingcraft, lie has made a wise choice
of’avocation, in view of his position before
the world, and is much move likely, if
his phj sical and mental energies
held out, to win (and keep) a crown again by
such a process than by organizing intrigues
in his own behalf. But it is very evident
from Louis’ conversation, as well as from
the character which ho lias developed while
autocrat of France, that if he enters into any
examination of his career, it will bo purely
for the purpose of demonstrating his own in
fallibility—of making out a cose for himself,
as the saying is—with which to go before the
French people as a candidate for a now lease
of power.
Mr. Bonaparte says, and perhaps he per
suades himself, that during the twenty-three
years of his reign he was “animated hya
single thought—the -welfare of tho country
whereas everybody knows that his single
aim was not to enhance tho welfare of the
people, hut to enhance tho welfare of cer
tain influential classes, and stimulate a cer
tain false appearance of national prosperity
which his subjects should be made to believe"
constituted “the welfare of tho country.”
The keystone of tho plan consisted of mili
tary glory mid territorial aggrandizement,
which have no more connection with tho
welfare of the country” than the ribbons of
a prize beef have with tho nutrition to bo
derived from tho meat. Indeed, they may he
like poisonous ribbons, which infect the
Whole carcass.
This keystone of Napoleon’s policy proving
unsound, the arch and its superstructure
were prostrated to the ground, and tho Em
peror come down from his “pinnacle” in
the way which he describes; and yot,
strange to eay, the dethroned monarch is
now animated by a single thought ’’—that
of getting back npiu a similar pinnacle.
This is undoubtedly tho Emperor’s cherished
object, however solemnly ho may, with hand
on his breast and eyeballs inward turned,
asseverate the contrary.
Let a dissembler hut talk long enough, and
he will prove himself such, is a proverb
which some on© has, or ought to have, incul
cated. And so tho late Emperor reveals, in
his subsequent conversation, tho intensity of
to.he reinstated. Ha simulates
THE CHICAGO TRIBUTE SATURDAY. NOVEMBER
a loyalty to the present Government of
France, raid declares that *‘tu overthrew it
would he u had action;” hut ho adds with
fervor ihat his own “rights remain intact,”
and t)ia\ no decision of the Chamber can
prevent me from being the legitimaN*
soveivien vS France.” This certainly sound
as if it were intended as a rallying co* for
Napoleon's partisans, of whom ho says,
many oilie-n* have written to him to know
whet tier ho would allow thmu to servo the
present government, and he has nniformly
nojjth-d them Hint he conld not release
them from their oaths until, by a direct
vote (one of Napoleon's favorite phbwcitt*),
the entire nation shall have chosen a
definitive government.” Kapulcan’sestimalo
of the, present representative government
maj* bo inferred from his expression of the
pain with which I «ce the destinies of Franco
delivered over to the hazard-of-events, the
fury of factions, the weakness of the men in
power, and the exactions of the foreigner.”
It is very evident, therefore, that Napoleon
is yearning eagerly for a continuation of
those twenty-three years of rule on which
ho dotes so xunclr. Not only that, hut he is
doing whut he can, hy correspond
ence and otherwise, to gather and solidify a
party of Bonapartists, with a view of taking
possession, forcibly or hy intrigue, of the
reins pf government, now* nominally in the
hands of the people. In this scheme bo is
the same arch-enemy of Franco that he was
upon that still-coveted pinnacle, the imperial
throne.
IMPORTANT CORRECTION.
In our report in our issue of 10th iust. of
the decision of Judge Williams on the appli
cation made for tho appointment of a Re
ceiver in the cases of the Commercial and
Garden City Insurance Companies, the name
“Commercial” was accidentally priired
■“Continental,” thereby, unwittingly on our
part, spreading u false impression as to the
solvency of tlie Continental Insurance Com
pany of New York. We regret the mistake,
and,in justice to tho company and to those of
our readers who hold :ts policies, wo assure
tho latterthut.incur opinion, the Continental
is a sound insurance company,' in which im
pression we are confirmed by tho statement
of the Superintendent of the Insurance De
partment of Now York, published in another
column.'
We request our exchanges to do ns tho fa
vor, in justice to ourselves and tho Conti
nental, to make editorial mention of this
correction.
Tho Brantford (Canada) Courier seems to
think that the Fenian raids into that country
are produced by an overwhelming desire on
the part of the American people for tho an
nexation of tho British provinces. It there
fore makes it known that from Vancouver’s
Lund to Nova Scotia, the Canadians nro u
united people," opposed to annexation. The
sumo paper insists that there will ho no fra
ternal peace between the two countries until
tho Americans "fully understand these
things.” Our Canadian neighbors should un
derstand that, however willing the American
people are to accept tho union of tho British-
Anieriean States, there is not an Amerteatr
bem citizen who has the remotest thought
of accomplishing that result by force. Wlioh
that nuiou does take place, it must he tho
voluntary act of the Canadian people. It is
possible that the people of this country flunk
that it would promote the prosperity of both
countries if they were umlor one govern
ment. ami that the Canadians would reap a
larger portion of the gain resulting from an
nexation, hut that does not imply that an
nexation has such present ormuoto advan
tages as ty induce our people t.) infringe any
rights of tho Canadians. There is not a ra
tional man in tho United States, of native or
foreign birth, who does not hold the Fenian
raids to be most infamous. Those who shall
engage iu them ought to he punished as out
laws and pirates.
The San Francisco Chronicte of November
4 calls the attention of tho public to certain
provisos which have been included in all
new policies issued by insurance companies
of that city since the Chicago lire. The
Fireman’s Fund Company has the following;
And it is agreed by tbe lnsun-,1 that the in
sured will limi; solely (o ilia assets of tlie uorim
nilion for the payment of losses under this
poliey.
The Union Insurance Company has intro
duced tho following in their policies, with
the same object, in view:
It Is agreed by ihe assured accepting ties poi
iey that, in ease of loss, the assets mid property of
toe eoim.miy shall alone bo held for the p .yiu'eat
of such loss, and that none of the sioekhoUvra or
oilieers of the ciimpimy shall ho held liable lor
the payment of the same; ad right to hold such
sieeVlmldeiw or oilieers individually liable, given
either liy ihe constitution or any law of the mate
of California, being hereby expressly waived by
tlie assured.
Persons tailing policies from companies,
wherever located, should see that that no
such repudiation of liability is made part ot
the contract of insurance.
In October, 1870, tj. J. Arret obtained judg
ment against the city of Dubuque, lowa, for
ff’fi.b’TP, in the United States Court, and on
theiMlh of July, 1871, the United States Cir
cuit Court for lowa Issued a mandamus, re
quiring the Slayer and City Council of Du
buque to levy a special tax for the payment
of tlie judgment. Thu Sfayor and Council
having refused or omitted to obey the man
damus, the court on the 2d of November
issued an order of arrest, requiring thuSlayor
and the members of the Common Council to
show cause at Des Moines, w’hy they should
not ho attached for contempt. The papers
were served, and the City Government carried
bodily to Dus Moines. The defeat of credit
ors upon the execution is not allowable ia
lowa.
The New York World and several other
papers speak of General Sheridan's “declara
tion of martial law in this city immediate
ly after the fire. It is not true that General
Sheridan declared martial law, or assumed
any authority, except such as was conferred
upon him by the Mayor. It the Mayor had
no power to transfer his own authority to
General Sheridan, that is another* question,
wholly apart from General Sheridan’s alleged
declaration of martial law.'
It appears from the published correspon
dence between General Sheridan and Gover
nor Fulmer that on the 11th of October, the
second day after the fire, tho latter thanked
tho former for ids promptness in ordering
troops,to the city. We may add that every
body in this city thanked him. except the
‘•lnternational Commune” and its news
paper organ.
A Washington telegram informs the public
that* Secretary Fisli not only has not re
signed but has no notion of resigning. It
seems that these Washington newsmongers
connected with tho New York press have no
difficulty in turning out a Secretary and ap
pointing his successor, whenever they lack
for other news, and of getting their chiefs at
headquarters to endorse their stories as un
questionable authority.” They will, how
ever. have great difficulty in persuading the
public to swallow this Fish story any more.
Mr. Fish may as well hold on to his portfolio
during the remainder of his natural lifo, for
nobody will ever he made to believe that he
has gone out, even though his successor
should bo commissioned and sworn in.
Mr. F. A. Walker, the efficient Superinten
dent of tho Census,-has promised to take the
Indian Coamiissiouership. provided tho salary
can ho increased. It looks, from this, as if
Mr. Walker meant to depend upon tho salary
of his office, instead of tho stealings, for his
remuneration; in which case he- would be a
;markod exception to previous officials having
to do with the Indian Bureau. If the bureau
can stand such an innovation, it might bo
well to givo-Mr. Walker a trial at fair .wages.
-The animal report of the Massachusetts Life
Insurance Commissioner closes with this reference
(o I he Chleag.. Are: While the terrible conflagration
of October, 1871,' Is still raging In Chicago, anxious
Inquiries ore lieing imule at this department rela
tive to its probable effect upon the standing not
only of Are, but of life companies also. Seventeen
Ufc companies appear to have *3,711,933 invested
In that ill-fated city, viz: In city and county se
curities, *170,850. and in loans and mortgages of
real estate, *8,5U,e08, the value of lands mort
gaged being *10,853,250, and buildings. *1,631.230.
The land Itself is deemed ample security for tho
entire amount loaned.”
—According to tin old legend, if a young lady
goes down cellar backward ntX3 o'clock on the
night of tho last day of October, holding a mirror
before her, she will sec in it tho face of her future
husband. A young lady at Lewiston, Mo., who
tried the experiment, made a misstep and foil to
the Itollem mold streams of Tmro&'no and broken
glass, reusing a racket which brought the whole
id 11m)
WASHINGTON.
Awaiting Alexis aniP- Congress.
The Improvements.
Boater of' Inns and Lodgings.
Fish and Catacazy.
The Dorm ad liana.
From Our Own Correspondent
Washington, in partu, looks to-day Jikeltbo
burnt part of Chicago somewhat. The. wide
streets hero resemble the gaps made by the
fire, and now they are all dug up for tho
course of now sowers; the sidewalks «f doz
ens of the streets are being sot forward so as
to make two parts of promenade to ono part
of carriage-way. The public squares are reso
nant. not with birds, hut with tho clutter of
carpenters' hammers, making lodges and
lolling-placcs. The President's yard is all
torn up, and a street is cut under the wall of
his flower-house, effectually dividing him
from tho War and Navy Departments. Ho
has been supplied with a capacious now sta
ble, and they ore digging down tho declivities
from his grounds toward the Potomac, to ex
tend his park, and place to. good advantage
tho new State Department, whoso excava
tion is well advanced. Ponnsyl van ia avenue
is dug up from the Treasury to George
town, a whole mito," to receive tho
the new cement pavement. Fifteenth street
is newly graded from tho Treasury corner to
ward thoPotoniac. F street, from Winder's
building to Rock Creek, is graded and bonlo
raided, leaving many fine old honses sus
pended high in the air, with hanginggardons
around them. Fourteenth street rs paved
with wood from Franklin square, nearly to
Colombia College. Tho two great brick
wings of the new Market Company are nearly
finished. An entirely new street railway,
with double track, running oqc-horse omni
bus care, is laid from the Treasury out Now
York avenue to the Government Printing
Office aud the Bladenshnrg toll-gate. The
former F Street Kailway ia to bo extended
at once from tho Capitol across
(o the Eastern Branch bridge to Uniontown
or Howardvillc, the negro settlement. The
Government PrintihgOnicohas been enlarged
by the addition of a goodly brick wing, and
the streets thereabout are finally graded and
pavi d: so that every way from the Capitol
the eye at least can peer down tho wide
streets to the distant country. Two largo
new school houses are prominent objects on
Hie northern outline of tho city. Much now
building of a private nature has been added
to the desultory extent of llio city. Senator
West’s new house,adjoiuiug.Speakerßlaine’s,
is prominent as a monumental gingerbread.
Capitol Hill is decorated with certain now
rows of mansions. The Ebhitt Hotel is ex
tended on the opposite side of Willlawl’s, and
will be thrown open in December. They are
painting Willard's Hotel, and will opeuit in
.January. Mr. Cake, proprietor of Congress
Hall, at Capo May. N. .1.. is tho new
lanilli.rd of tho Metropolitan Hotel,
and has refurnished it. Wormley, the negro
caterer, lias built quite a decent inn, equal to
about one hundred guests, borrowing tho
money from the Hon. Samuel Hoopoe, of
Boston. Welker, Hie restaurateur, has en
larged his house, mid domed it with one of
llie pavilions of the now Louvre at Paris, so
iliat it presents tho appearance of a Quaker
with a goigeous helmet on his head. Grav
lias ah o donned, over the old Rugby Homo
vnrr, sonic tall ebimiio.vs and a Mansard mi.
7 hen-is ii new hotel on Capitol Hill, under
pin] l>e<l with three stories, and resembling a
Io rj ital lo shot-tower. The now Agricultu
ral licporl is out, with the usual High Tariff
Minn s omitted so that it is a little tougher
ihau before, but equally harmless. General
Giant lias a new steward, and bis pair of
pi.ps have shed their coats by tho force of
attraction, if iu no other way. My stovepipe
has i-i a- cil to smoke, owing to my sagacity in
cleaning the chimney with an Indian Agent.
.Hoping llicso few lines will find you tile
same. 1 close up ibis faithful chronicle.
N. —The cause of so much improvements
is mir new Syndicate. We have added the
votes of everyhijdy who possess nothing, to
Ihe taxis of those rvho possess everything,
and relmiiled all these improvements upon
ii'sUiily by issuing our bonds. Thus wo
make mi inuiediate profit. If posterity makes
any objeethiu, we will simply refuse to have
■TV pi-.sler.l v. A national debt is a private
blissing
•I I: V QrAiqWl. OVKl! CATACAZY.
A certain digniTr of manhood befits a
talesman, but this dignity should be too
rolmsl In-mere quarrelling. Mr. Fish is not
withoutyiceomplishnieuts for tho position;
but this quarrel with Minister Cataeazv is.
in its oiigin, small, and, in eontinimtion.'h-ss
I hnn feminine. Public feeling here does not
1 detain the Secretary of State, and tho hone
in gem ml that he will resign, and leave the
great blank of respectable dnlness occupied
liy Jor. cilice to some person with more
equal unity.
the trouble with Mr. Fish is. that ho
belongs fo one of onr “old families.” Oar
old families in America were
very tender tnin-plautatums, small
in tho shrub and sickly
in the graft. The disease in the case of Mr.
Fish isStuyvesantismtsomoof tiiejSlnvvesaut.
blood has got over into him or his wife, or
semehod.v, mid it occasionally gives him a
softening of the brain. Peter Stiiyvcsanr
was an old. one-legtcd chap in the Hutch
army, sent to ho Governor of New Vurk
Colony, and probably about euiitil in re
spcO'ffb:!;ty (o some of onr Territorial Gov
eipors or Post Commanders; that is, good to
middling. He never slipped no in hon-w hut.
ree, at the battle of Christina, when, as
A\a-hingtoii living relates, “Ho fell into a
cnshim. softer than velvet, which Minerva,
or t?t. Nicholas, or some kindly enw had pre
pare n for his reception.” If id ballons as it
may seem, the Fish family always hated Mr.
livingicr his burlesque noon their ancestor,
niui the author had to express his contempt
ier the Knickerbocker sensitiveness in a
pn face to his later cilitimis. Old Stnvve
s-ain got a good deal of properly iuNew York,
and left it over to his descendants
ai d they new assume to ho tho equals of
potentates. now flat is this for
people with a good Knjjiisli
education! While the brothers- „f
the son-in-law of Victoria are selling drv
goods in New York, hero are the Stuyvesant
i ishes shaking their eumlal and stiffaulng
their dorsal bus toward the Catacazvs.
Catarnzy is a little whiffet of a Teutonic
iavjor, inarm'd to a stunning fine blonde.
with a little head and luxurious appoint
iiiHire; Hucufi woiimij uh tuus Prluct'S crazy,
hut never sensible people. Cataeazv was a
1 mice, or something mid had to fall in love
with another man’s wife. They eloped to
gether. rhe divorce .hanging lire iu iiu.ssia.
they bought a next year’s almanac; moved
lonraru the clock* and formed a matrimonial
fymucate until such time as the Czar should
fonvard tho marriage certificate.
There is u» greater evidence that the Stny
yrwiut Fishes are of tolerably common and
decent blood than that they could not ap
prove ol Mrs. CatacazyV condnet. There is
gr< at evidence that they belonged to our
regular democracy when they took offence
af Are. C. s airs under tlio circam
stimcl h, mid made up their minds,
like women m a Brooklyn boarding house, to
cut her acquaintance. Tims* the wooden
Icgjof old Petrus fcduyvosatit has stirred up a
scandal, and our hospitality to a Foreign
Legation is as unseemly as the great
Stuvvesant’s battle-cushion.
1 buyo never quite got over the English
man h dislike for foreigners of all kinds, and
I liesc legations seem to mo to he behaving
consistently hi accordance with their rank if
they are nlittlo wicked. Calneazy, mad as
•<ll3 niun would bo at tho disparagements
ttotrd toward his wife, —all tho mure sensitive
bermum ft little under the rose,—has proba
bly i talked about Fish. Why not? Tho
ruhes udked about the Catacazys. This
dull old Mr, fish denounces Mr. Sumner
wherever ho gwes. He wrote cutting things
io Mr. Motley. Tit for tat, brother Fish!
And all for. this we aro going to spoil
young Alexis visit. We are going to present,
inste ad of a picture of republican frankness,
the dark side-scenes, tho- pontiig; and tho
ill-cmictiib.d jealousy of a Spanish Court
hat an ill-marniered administjution!
COLFAX* ON TEA. COFFEE, AM) THINGS.
Summer Colfax has Just another ef
fort. Ali his writings are easy to road. Thov
inimluee themselves pleasantlr, like one o*f
B.shop HebeFs hymns, with sudi adjectives
as golden’? and 44 silveryand so forth.
This perennial anxiety to pleas* is tho charm
of Colfax. It is fluent; tmindividnal, and
genuine. If all onr public m® would imi
tate it,and not strain lorstrengjb. knowledge,
and dignity so much, wo woubi have a more
vonthtul public life and bettfct sentiments.
I throw this out merely as a suggestion; that
we refano onr sentiments and mr adjectives
ujore. I think it was Ghadbmd, in r oue :of
31 r. Pickens’ stories, who wia the great
mnfiTer of this style.
In his last letter, published,}! believe, in
theCArwffaii Tradesman* there is an allusion
to the necessity of BUpprcseiiir tho -Demo
cratic party (and its .dangerous desire to sup
press itself at the next electioij by remodel
ling the tariff. I fear to do injistico to tho
V ice. President’s style, and gnat, but sorao
w hat obscure,' frankness; so I oopj’ this sen
tence:
“With a hearty endorcemcnt of thorefomis I
att* mpted to outline in my nrthlc of last month
on the Pathway to Victory,', with generous re
ductkDK of taxation, and especially treating
tuxe* on tea, coffee, incomes, fcc„ as war bur
dem, to Vo. dispensed with m teuce and reserved
for the momentary exigencies of war, ete., etc.,
the newest departure of tho Pemoerm'f, wh.it
cwr dinyc it may finally assume, can \*o m win a
i onfttt h n of tongues for It, resilting only In a de
f'ent which will shatter if as a (political organfza
u hcicaf er, and lß*o4<mc. at only a wind-
Uig-cliect of all iU future hupci”
True, anti well said! Th> new departure,
may first be made a conftsion of tongues,
and iimncdiatcly afterwards a winding
f licet, whatever of her sliaiw it is capable oi,
under the posibiiitics of rhetoric.
Bui tho ten and coffee reduction—oh! our
j «i**U ZUCwt I
reads like an interpolation. Tho gosh andtho
sparkling tangle ot tlie sentence was all your
own, lint tho suggestion of fact is too adroit
fur you—too soln nail, lm«y say.it roads like
a “snake.” You know what a “snake” is,
for you were an editor before Immortality
discovered yon. suppose I wero to slip into
one of my let tore a commercial puff of some
thing—a sewing machine, a railroad job. or
even tho smallestof all small wares, a little
statesman —the publisher of my newspaper
would detect it; ho would say “that is
‘snaked’ in f’ and would forthwith send a bill
for advertising to the person heuotitted.
1 think tho editor of the Christian Trades
man ought to send a hill for that uninten
tional snake to the merchants in Bessemer
steel, salt, fuel, and pig iron: for it is tho de
sire of their pockets to see tho tax on coffee
and too abolished, that their monopoly on
the other articles may he maintained. A
puff to this end from the Vice President, so
rosily embowered in adjectives, tropes, and
Indiana rhetoric, is us opportune as it was
accidental.
By the way, have wo not yet retired to pri
vate life, like Charles V. and Christopher
Sly, those great oontcmporarymlors 1
Sensitive us the honor of a Stnyvesant,
or the self-love of a young statesman retiring
from public life discouraged, tho capital in
vested in Utah and- around it is dying, from
the fear of Mormon troubles. Seventy mill
ions Is said to, represent the wealth of Utah;
less than 100.000 is its population; tho most
valuable thing in it is its cheap, farming
labor, averaging at the mines only about
Si.GO a day to_ $4 in tho neighboring State of
Nevada. An exodus would destroy Utah
more completely than a war; hostilities are
to be preferred to a Mormon evacuation.
But there is need of neither. If
the law against polygamy be enforced
in cases where women apply to the courts,
and if it remains for the present suspended
in cases where no such suits are brought,
and if tho foot of tho government ho sot
down firmly as to future marriages chiefly,
this late scare and Gentile attrition will
proceed as rapidly and with fewer mistakes
to exterminate polygamy,than if the courts
goon to dignify old Brigham’s seventy years
with punishment. I have j list returned from
Utah, and I do not believe tho wild tales,
circulated by Federal officers, of Mormon
atrocities. They reed too much like catch
penny lives of the pirates. I talked to Sena
tor Tnmlbnll, afew evenings ago, and ho took
exception to the illegalities of McKean’s
court. McKean is an elocutionist playing a
high rote and the Methodist preacher, New
man, who, from his pontifical personage
near tho President’s pew, ordered the lowa
Methodists to vote for James Harlan, is at
the back of these trials. There is no differ
ence between priests. In office-getting poli
tics they are all nuisances, whether they be
named Brigham or Newman. Our problem
is (o save tbo industry and acquisitions of
Utah, turn the stream of civilization through
jiolyganiy, and give Mormouism no unneces
sary dignity by adding martyrs to' its
already long list.’ Its two elements of
theocratic government and polygamy are
hateful'to me; but we have no business to
construe our feelings into government, nor
to convict polygamy under its own statutes
made against adultery. The law stretched
.will return and sting. This monstrosity has
been thrice proceeded against by all the
terrors of society,—terrors to which law and
courts, however severe, are feeble. It has
been expelled from States only to derive
'almost imperial succulence from desert
sands. At the bottom' it is poor as the Val
leys of Deseret,—mere falsehood; hut indus
try and sacrifice bare given it a prosperity
which can stand everything hut the demo
cratic competition. It was perishing when
Dr. Newman, a marplot and an ecclesiastical
showman, kindled it up, first by dignifying
it with a debate, then by violent, counsels to
proceed against it with force. Mr. Lincoln
compared polygamy to a great treu-holo on
Ids father's farm; it could not bo split, and
it would not hum, so lie plowed around it.”
The new mines in Utah wero gunpowder in
it, and would soon have blown it up; hilt t his
ecclesiastical Gcnymanderer came along,
and now ho is driving out tho miners, the
capital, and the human influx which were
di moralizing both Brigham’s temporal power
and polygamy. Gath.
Washisotok, Not. 1.
ODE KECQSDS AND ODE TITLES.
l.riler from ihc Hon. Inane !<f. Arnold.
To the Jitliior of The C/tirago Tribune:
Silt: The public nvxiety in regard to the
condition of onr titles and public records lias
found expression in many suggestions as to
the host remedy for the difficulties in which
we are involved. The subject is surrounded
with difficulties, and requires the most care
ful and intelligent consideration. Valuable
suggestions have been made, hut I think I
express the general fooling of tho most
thoughtful and judicious minds in saying
that nothing entirely satisfactory has been
yet presented. ’Whatever plan is adopted
should be simple, and not expensive, and
with as little machinery as possible, so that
there may he no unnecessary delay.
In order to come to a sound conclusion as
to the best remedy, we ought to know exact
ly what is onr present condition. I under
stand that the entire public records of onr
enmity, including both the records of the Re
corder’s office and those of all tho courts, uro
destroyed
1. The title to all the property in the oily
and comity came by patent from' tho Govern
ment of the United States, or by- patents
from the Governor of this State, amt deeds
Imm the Canal Trustees,
■2. In all eases in which these patents and
deeds are in existence, they ought to ho
placed on record without delay.
S. In all cases in which they have been
destroyed, on proper application duplicates
will ho issued, and these should be obtained
and recorded. Wo thus secure a starting
point, or foundation of title.
4. The next Step is to place on record all
the legal subdivisions and plats which have
iHrii iiKidf*. Move than half the city was
m: lull vidwl anil platted hy rhe State. through
the Lanai Commissioners’and Canal Trustees.
hesc \uats are all in existence in the Canal
Olhrc, and it is only necessary to record them
again, /I he plat of the Fort Dearbou Addi
tion is in existence at Washington, and only
needs to re-recorded.
ie still remains in first hands,
all that ib necessary is to record tho patents
and limps,,and the title is perfect of record.
ihc-se» with a certificate of the abstruet
niiikrr that there js no incumbrance or ad
vcm- title, would he nil that would bo neces
sary to pass the title as good. When the
present owner can obtain a unit-claim from
rho patentee or original owner, hia title
would be complete. But there is but a com
pnif jV cd v Buifji part of the city property in
The hands of (he original purchasers. What
shall bo done where there have been trans
fers. etc. Hero wo face tho difficulty. What
is there to carry im from tlio original pur
chaser to tho present owner? There is noth
ing bur the abstract books. To show exactly
of what these consist,! append a cony of *i
letter from Louis H. Hoard. E S q nuclear
that, we jnust have legislation, and X will only
repeat that such legislation must lie careful
ly and cautiously framed. In my judgment
a committee, consisting of some of the
Judges, the oldest and most experienced
members of the bar, and some of our best
practical business men, should ho appointed
to prepare a bill for a law on this subject.
I throw out the following suggestion, and
invite the consideration and criticism of the
bar. Suppose the Legislature provide, by a
Commissioner, for the verification of the ab
stracts by comparison and otherwise, and
then, localise them os records, with snob coudi
tiona as shall, while they secure the good
title, open no door to fnni.l. Wo should then
have the means of making precisely such ab
stracts and certificates as have been usedand
seted upon in the transfer of real estate for
the. last twenty years, and upon which mil
lions of loans have been made.
Would not a conscientious and intelligent
lawyer pass the title upon records thus
legalized, and on abstract compiled from
t hem I
I think tins would, ton very great extent
remedy existing difficulties. Those who
choose to take tho expensive proceedings in
chancery might do it. The State should,
boj'ond qnr.ution, be at the expense of restor
ing the lost records, uud with tho records
icstorrd iu ibo manner suggested, the great
difficulty ia removed. The State must be
come tho owner of the abstracts, or a verified
copy. The owners are entitled to
a liberal, not -an extortionate, com
pensation. If the price demanded should bo
fixed too high, it should be deteuuiuea by
Commissioners. The State can, if necessary,
appro *rinte these abstracts to public use,
under the right of eminent domain, by mak
ing just compensation therefor.
In this way the public records may, within
o f**w weeks, be restored, without expense fo
individuals, and all fears and apprehensions
in regard to titles bo removed.
_ w Isaac N. Arnold.
JSo. 451 TV abash Avenue, Nov. 8.
[Copy.]
_ CHICAGO, NOV. 6, 1871.
TtoHcru Isaac N. Akxolo:
Bear Sib In compliance with your request
of this morning. I beg leave to say that, beside
such of the public recowls of this county os can
be supplied from tbe United States and Stato
offices, and the Lund Office at Lockport, taere has
been preserved In. the hands of private Individ
uals here, ns I am informed, a complete copy of
all the maps recorded prior to the fire: or, X should
say, prior to Oct. 1.1871. These arc in the bands
of Messrs. Ogden, Shsldnu Sc Souddor. Mr.
James H. Bees also hnsan atlas containing all
tbe snaps recorded prior to some time early in
1671; and Chase. Bros, have also an atlas brought
down to, I think, 1861 or 1862. They have also
traced copies of the late maps filled up to the date
.of the fire. 1 have no doubt that, from all these
sources, all the maps lost can be restored.
In regard to other records lost, tha.firma of
Chase Bros., Jones A Sellers, and Shortall Sc
Hoard liave altogether saved an abstract of the
entire records. To portiolarlzo, they have a brief
abstract of every Instrument ever recorded in the
Recorder's office, containing the names of tJO
grantor and grantee, the nature of the instru
ment, its date of recording, consideration, stamp,,
and description of the property conveyed; and
they have them so arrung»*d as to disclose the
separate chains of title to each lot and pared of
land in the county. In addition, thoy havo a
brief abstract of every cause ever commenced In
all the courts of record in the county (except tho
Piobate Court),—showing the orders entered
therein, the amounts and dates of tho Judgments
for money, or other final disposition of the causes,
the numbers and dates or the executions; iu
short, a brief abstract of the history and disposi
tion of each case, and a complete list of all tax
sales.
In regard to tho Probnto Court, T regrot to say
flint no systematic abstract of its proceedings
was ever made by any one; but tho firms above
named have saved perhaps 176,000 page* of oflloc
opics of their abstracts, which contain a very
iAi b c l2ucuml of iufcrmiti'jzi
TIIK MOILMON MATTED.
11, 1871.
probate matters; anil It Is nearly certain that the
proceedings In all important odates hi the county
can be shown from these copies.
I would like to Impress open yoar wind the
fact that tho connected chains ot title, and the
only connected evidence -of title, troiu the gov
mmeut to the date of the lire, are in existence,
mid in the hands of the above-named drum.
No mutter .what legislation may he had, or
what courts of chancery way undertake to decree,
there is no escape, from a resort to these eviden
ces ns the only'safe proof of 'title. Though one
should present a connected chain of original deeds
from governmnt to himself, there .would be no
safety In decreeing title on that evidence, be
cause, as you will understand, there may have
hecn prior recorded deeds from every grantor in
bis chain, or any one ot-lluuu. may have been di
vested of bis title under Judgements of prior dqtc
to the record of bis conveyance, and in ether
ways that will suggest themselves to your mind.
Hoping yon will able to devise some meas
ure of tncetive anti speedr relief to our poopio, f
am, wy dear sir, verv truly, your friend,
Louis I>. Hu a art.
Tb. Domesday Book of Chicago.
To /fie Editor of The Vhieago Tribune.
Sib In this season of suggestions, may I
bo permitted to offer one through your col
umns to the pnblic 1
Onco before in tbo history of tho Anglo-
Saxon race, it became necessary to deter
mine the claimants, if not tho owners, of a
largo extent of territory. Doubtless many
legal technicalities wero speedily disposed of
■by the summary processes of King William’s
officials. The condensation of boundaries,
with their elaborate descriptions, and of in
tricate feudal tenures, into two volumes and
t<X) pages; must have dealt roughly with some
just rights of dowerand reversionary inter
ests.
1 suggest something similar for Chicago.
The Pth day of October will always he an ora
in Cook County titles. LefTt ho frankly ac
cepted as such. Let tho mails, which have
been happily saved, be published in con
venient form, with the name ot tho apparent
owner of the legal title printed on each sub
division, lot, quarter, or soctiou, as the case
may be. Tho names would bo derived, in
the first instance, from the abstract books.
It would he essentially a Book of Claims. It
would he real, sufficient, substantial notice
to aS tho world. It would have nothing in
common with the annual farce of the publi
cation of tax- sales, or the futile notices to
nobody, in illegible writing, in the doorway
of the late Court House. very one, except
those whoso interests wero completely neg
lected .by themselves and their legal repre
sentatives, could see at a glance whether
any one else claimed tho property which he
heueved to ho his own, us readily as he could
find Lis name in the directory.
This, of course, could have been done" at
any time; it would now he a moat profitable
commercial transaction. Such a hook, on u
scale of !iSO feet to the inch, would form a
volume of SCO pages,—not much, if any, larger
than “Tho Statutes.” It, would lie of per
manent value as an exact map of tho city.
Its index would furnish the name of eveiy
property-owner to his creditors or intending
purchasers.
Legislative action wonld only bo required
to adopt such a hook, as was done with Tho
Statutes,” and make it proof. Proof of
whatT Of possession at that data of the
claimant or hisgrnntor. Asinglo section like
Section P, Chapter 60, wouldsufflce. Posses
sion, as'described in Section S, to bar the
rights, actions, and suits aforesaid, shall be
sufficiently proved by reference to tho Book
of Claims, and by its appearing to tho court
that; within three mouths next after the
publication of tho cause, no objection was
filed in the County Clerk’s office to tho claim
therein set forth, It would also he primu
i dr evidence of the owner, for all purposes of
taxation and proceedings growing out of it.
Contested claims wonld hear but a mini
mum proportion to the whole number. A
stability both apparent and real would he
given to the titles of honest owners, and a
solid foundation laid in accordance witu the
fundamental maxim which finds its chief
expression in tho Statute of Limitations.
1 venture to think that this Domesday-
Book, though dating from a day of horror
and gloom,—a dies irw, dies ilia. —might, be
come a true Domesday-Book, and that in
farilla may bo found the birthplace not only
of a new and more perfect city, lint also ot a
charter to which rich and poor may look for
the quiet possession of property and homes.
I am, sir, very truly yours,
F. C. WIHTHUOUSK.
Of the Chicago Bar.
Chicago, Nov.».
LETTEES FKOM THE PEOPLE.
silnrlnu Ilnrblc ns n IS ntiding Plan-rial
for Chicago.
Mgx'omiskr, Mich., Nov. 6.
To the Editor of The Chiea*/o Tribune:
Sin The recent calamity, which has laid near
ly all of Chicago In ruins by fire, is calling the at
tention of all the people interested in tho perma
nent prosperity of Chicago to the subject of so re
building the city that it maybe saved m t!.o future
from a like experience. Not onlv are the proper
ty-owners in Chicago interested in this question,
hut also all tnc people m the West. Chicago alone
is not Hie only sufferer by the conflagration. The
interruption ami derangement in business caused
by It arc, ami will lie, felt everywhere,
I notice, in reading your pa tier, that the subject
has ahead}- begun to attract the attention of
many practical men, and ill- attention of the
pruperty-owni rs is neing culled to the subject of
so rebuilding the city, if iioseibie, as to make it.
fire-proof; ami, in tile discussion of the subject,
several materials are proposed tor reconstruction
of the burnt district, in the discussion of asub
icet of so mouicitons importance, it seems proper
that an pi reons, whether residents of the city or
not, should bring to tnc public notice such knowl
edge as they may have of building material to be
bad conveniently and cheaply for rebuilding the
city, aial which will best answer the wants of
building w aits that cannot again be burned down,
destroying a large city hi a night. It is with this
view of the case that I have- taken the liberty to
trouble you with this letter.
It is not known in Chicago, lint It is a fact, that
sufficient building material exists, which is en
tirely imperishable by fire, within easy and
cheap i cress to Chicago, to rebuild the whole
city—not only the burnt district, but that not
limned us well; and Unit, when built of
that material, the world would have a city
the most gorgeous that can ho imagined—a city
built of solid marble.
In tin. or rilfc Little Sturgeon Palls, 111
this county (Menominee); and in tu« vicinity of
our iron mines,are extei^ivoqnarriesor quartzite.
80 led, but mure properly marble of tlio Silurui u
pined. In ext.nt liny are sufficient to build
e-cvoi nl such cities us Ciucugo, ami build tho walls
of solid marble.
Ihcse quarries lie in strata—the different strata
being from six inches to four feet in thi.-kness—
and are in ridges or hills of such height rlmt
qiu.rohig can be done cheaply, and tu mi
bej uud the wants of this generation. The rocs in
these quarries (s crystuitiuo uud hard, with a
slight iraw of lime iu it, but not enough to detnva
lloin its value as building material, la color it is
ÜBimlly as white as snow. lUtliougii, iu some
Itealltics, it may bo found witliu ml or vonuiliL.ii
shade.
It cun be quarried ns as granite, and.
although somewhat hardci thau granite, the cost
of dressing such portions of .the rock us would be
requited for fronts of buildings would not great I v
exc« ed that of granite. Hie Little Sturgeon FaPa
fi rnisli abundant water-power lor luachineiy fo
saw or dress it, and the ledges of rook form one
liflbK 6f the stream beside the fulls, so that truns
pnrtatiou for that purpose would lie nothing.
This rock is imrerinhabte by lii*e, that is, mithin?
short of u volcano will melt or crumble it. I have
for three weeks kept a piece in a stove in us hoc u
Arc ns is usual to make in a stove, and all the im
pression mad© on It was to produce a white
powder on the surface, which being washed off,
left the rpek as llrm us when first quarried.
Let the WiJis or nil tho buildings of Chicago bo
built of this uin&'inl, and a whole street may bo
burning, yet the fir© yronld not pass these walls.
They would not melt or crumble down, as'did the
walls in the great lire; O.n the contrary, they
would present a bulwark which would enable the
Fin; Department successfully td STtbuUe fire
that might be burning In the Interior of the bOliiL
ing.
There are also granite and potsdam sandstone
quarries in tho same vicinity, us well as the true
marble—all good buildin r nmteri■»!; Imt for a fire
proofbuilding material, thlsmiviblo of tUcSilurian
pcnod Is of the must importance.
The next point to be answered is as to moans
and cost of transportation from tho quarries to
Chicago. It will rtMpiireurnllroadframtho shore
of Green Buy. about 33 miles in length, to convoy
it to a shipping point. Tho nearest point on tho
bay shore ia opposite tho Dour. »t a place now
known n« Deer Creek, wliich is direutly across
Grten Day from the Door, and 25 miles from Luke
Michigan. An angcmt utsare now made for the
early construction of this railroad, for tho pur
pose of opening tbo iron mines. Whcnbuilc. lt
will be equally convenient for the transportation
of this building ruck. From this point, with a fair
wind, by sail, is only about 35 hours to Chicago,
nnd oftentimes not above 30 hours. Tills rock
can be qimnied and delivered in Chicago cheaper
limn brick has been sold there for the last year.
That is, the material for a given number of cubic
feet of wall ot tbis material can be fnrnislicd. in
Cblcnpo for h less price than the same number of
cubic feet of brick can be furnished.
I estimate the cost of the stone as follows:
_ One cord (128 cubic feet) stone, weight S tons.
Transportation on railroad. 32 miles, SO cents per
ton 6.40
TransjKirttttlon ou tall vcsbcl, Uecr Cruok to Chi
capo, 40 cents per tun 3.20
Handling at both ends <>f route 1.00
snorT$ nor T? in P 4-00
Hoy ally to quarry. 2.0)
Profit to company operating 3.40
_ Total cost In CWcrgo of one coni fc».oo
Cost of 3,450 brick, equal to 123 cubic feet, at fcio
A company formed to open these quarries would
not only mane a fortune, out would confer a last
ing benefit on Chicago, by furnishing a cheaper
building material than can be now furnished,
and, at the sumo time, a material that fire cannot
destroy. The owners of these quarries would
very readily enter Into an arrangement with such
a company, allowing them, at a reasonable profit
to the quarries, to wprk thenT for such term of
years as should be desirable.
When constructed ol thin material, Cliloato
would be a city glistening In tbe sunlight, white
as anow, and ol solid walls that lire would not d<s
which would stand os long as the world
stands, for time and elements will not affect it-a
monument to dwellers in the land long after the
BhaU tove torg ,ttcn
word more, as to the manner iu whbh this
rock may be quarried. As I remarked before.this
wf rJ, 8 s Jata, some horizontal, and some,
which has been affected by upheaval, nearly per*
pendlcular, meaning In different sections of the
quarries, not at the same Identical place. Tire
thiuKnoes of these strata, one overlying the other,
varies all the way from six Inches to four feet.
The rock may, therefore* bo split off in any siacd
blocks that may,bo desired, cither us to thickness
or width and length, either in proper thickness lor
the walls of a building, or the size of a fiag-touo
fora sidewalk, or a column foroportinoof aiarce
building. If this rock should not como luto gem
end use for buildirg In Chicago, the Court House
nod public buildings should never bo rebuilt until
It can be obtained. Those buildings, built of this
material, would rival and surpass the moat classic
temples of ancient Greece. Yours truly,
E, 8. Ingalls.
A. F(M*Pnof City.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune;
Sin: I was much pleased with Judge Booth’s
letter, published by you, on the question of brick or
frame buildings for our Now Chicago. After our
slarUlrg experience, wc must not read
such an able letter. Bay it Is good, and tUon sottlo
down to our old indifference on this point, vital
to all interests of our imicli-lovcd dry. X am in
formed tlmt iu London a fire wouldiiot fallowed
fo spread widely, because an Organized depart
ment Is charged with the duty of blowing up
buiUUnta with powder when necessary. IXovr
well this operates in the case of brick buildings
all p»w In the Instance of the brick block at the
tom beast corner of Congress street nud Wabash,
anomie. There would certainly be more dlfiicuity
in stopping a fire by blowing up frame building*.
One of our ladles says eho shall never feel
secure again. Let us require that all permanent
buildings lu rentier bulit within the city limit* be
made or brick or stone,with appropriate roofs and
cotnlotß—if wo must have cornices—and give all
People w feeling of safety for person .and
property. Tar roofs were nt first eo well made
that u tire could bo kindled on them with
safety; bat, of late years, an inferior composition
Is used, ami the most reckless would not try the
experiment now. They should bo abandoned.
Then, with onr abundant clay, and the swift pro
duction of brick which the proposed require
ment would stimulate, there could bo hardship to
none. There Is no snlUoient reason why proper
ty bore should not bo aa secure as lu Ncvr York,
or Boston, or St. Louis; but all know it la not.
Will not our city officers of the “Fire-Proof”
ticket, just elected by acclamation, give us o fire
proof cify
It Is suggested that a public meeting of prop
erty-owners and builders directly interested In
this subject be held, to give solemn expression to,
ami sees means to enforce, what must bo u gen
eral wish. Who will call this meeting T
XL B. Wiust.
Chicago, Kov. ia.
The «f Rents*
Tn the Editor of The Chicago Tribune^
Sir: Iu this mornlng'a issue, “Tenant** wants
information, for himself and “hundredsof oth
ers,” as to what course they shall pursue to ob
tain Ihcir rents.paid in advance for tho month of
October. Unless there was a covenant In bis
lease, on the part of the landlord, to refund iu
case of destruction of the premises by fire, he
cannot comj>el any refunding. Many landlords
nro generously doing It; but, in absence of tho
covenant aforesaid, there is no legal obligation
that would compel them to. All such euaos de
pend on the express agreement of parties. Tho
of leases In this city would not oblige
the landlord to refund, but, on tho contrary,
would hold tenants to pay the rent for the entire
term; for, when a party, by his own coutract,
create* a duty or a charge upon
himself, ho in bound to make
it good, notwithstanding any accident or inevita
ble necessity. And,lf a tenant has bound'hlmsulf
by hu express agreement, xeithout reserve, to pay
u certain sum for certain promisee fora certain
time, the common law rule would compel him to
pay the whole, oven though the premises are de
stroyed by tiro. Tho rule hua been modified by
statute in Now York, hut I know of no modifica
tion of It in this State. It would seem to ben
principle of. natural law that n tenant who rents
a house or other tenement for a short period, and
with a view to no benefit except that to be de
rived from its actual use. should not be compelled
to pay rent any longer than It {s capable of being
used; and there are many cases in the reports
which show that some of the English Chancellors
straggled hard to introduce tills principle into
the administration pf Justice in their courts, but a
contrary principle seem* 1 to have finally prevailed,
and ttie law is now settled the other way, unless
tbe tenant has protected himself by a stipulation
iu tho lease to that effect. E. A. SUB&mJ&ss.
Chicago, Nov. io.
A Card from ITIr, X# F. C*llia«.
T> </ie Editor of The Chicago Tribune-:
Sir In your Issue of the Bth Inst. appeared an
article under the caption Big Confidence Oj>ora
lion,” in which my name and that of Mr. Jefferson
are mentioned lu connection with an alleged min
ing swindle nt St. Paul. The statements con
tained in that article are so strangely at variance
with the truth that I must claim the privilege of
raying a few words on the subject. Tho article
*to tea that “Mr. Jefferson introduced Mr, Col
lins, who had purchased several shares lu the
glorious minrs. ~*aUiullug to certain shares sold
to one- l>r. Burbmis. I desire to say that I never
purchased any “mythical” mining shared from Me,
Jeflerson, and do mu by any means regard my
self as a victim in any sense, f would also shite
That Mr. Jefferson did iml “introduce tho name of
J. V. Farwell ns a purchaser of his shares, al
though I understand that Mr. Farwell did buy
certain mining stoc?t In "Wyoming from other
parties. The facts in tho case, as far us Dr. Bar
iums und Tare concerned, are these; In l*jo3 I
sold to Dr. Buriiaus an interest in the Atlantic
Mine, in Wyoming, for which he agreed to pay
me a rcusideration. in real estate, represented to
ho worth On investigation X discovered
the said real estate to be worth not exceeding
j-s.COO, and a suit is now pending in the United
States Court at St, Paul for tho re
covery of that property. I have
reason to believe that the information contained
in tho article in dUv-atiou Ims been derived from
an unreliable source, or from persons interested
in’tho suit. "With the bare exception that Mr.
Jefiersoit is one of the defendants iuu suit now
pending in the United Slates Court, at St. Paul,
the cntiio .statement as regards that gentleman
is on umjualllied fabrication; and you will see, by
referring to a paragraph in your issue of tho utu
insuiiit, that Mr. j. V. Farwell personally dis
claims any connection with the affair.
TrusJingyou will Insert the ahavo, in Justice to
Mr. oefteivun and myself, who huvj both been
injured by the misrepresentations in your article,
I jan, etc., T. I. Collins
Chicago, 2s’ov. 10.
City market*.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
6n:: .To every person of humble niovma who
has resided in Philadelphia or St. Louis, it must
have been felt as a remarkable omission, upon
coming to reside in Chicago, that there were no
convenient markets here, where the consumer
emild deal with tho producer, without tho Jeter
vt ntion of the commission merchants and other
middle-men.
By tho time that country produce has reached
the grocer*, and has lain r or hours on tho ground
in Trent of their stores, a- 00-slble to ovory ohauce
dog w hhdi passes, tho fair products of the garden
pi cstiit anything but uu inviting appearance or
odor.
In the mowing reconstruction of Chicago, ample
opportunio piescnts Itself for tho erection of
nmiVcts jii suitable locations uml iu sutlleienb
numbers to meet the wants <»f the inhabitants of
t-J»e Hirer divisions. South Water street, Kinzlo
street, Chicago avenue, Division street, North
avenue. Canal street, nnd Statu street, are nil in
the burnt district, nnd should each be provided
■with n large and sultstamlal market, under such
arrangements as would make thorn sources of
revenue to the city, and of incalculable benefit to
the health and convenience of the people.
Enough hns been said of Chicago enterprise and
public spirit. Let us see whether she will allow
this golden opportunity to p:w*a without putting
hmclf on par in Ibis respect with the other
centres of population.. Yours respectfully,
CAJULLV9,
CHICAGO, Kov. 10.
TZic Jnwnrniice Compnnir-*.
To the Editor of The Chicago
Biu As oil the newspaper articles I have seen
so far, are savage in their tone against almost
every insurance company, good, bad, or indiffer
ent, would it not be entirely proper to say la your
columns that this fire has not changed the usual
dements of human nature. In this lire, ns in all
large fires, there must be persons who are attempt
ing frauds on the few companies that ore sawable
to par, and hoping that, aa the tiro de
stroyed every evidence of what their
property was, they can make
largo claims and collect them. Insurance was a
cheap article before too lire: and If most people
did not have u good supply of it, It was because
they wore blind, or dcat, or did not believe In in
surance at «U. There are some rascally-inclined
people In every hundred of our population; and
while newspapers generally are giving almost
every insurance company* “fits/' It seems to me
that their side of tho question should not be en
tirely ignored. Conservative.
Chicago, J*ov. 9.
Concrete Walls,
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir: The general anxiety in regard to fire-proof
buildings renders your article of yesterday, cop
ied from the New York Post, especially valuable.
concrete wall la tho precise maa
tifl question answered in
i««-M f ?ii? llit l v AT rould ei,,ovo all doubt as to the
feasibility of-this mode ‘of building ut thepres
em lime. Can concrete walls be laid In freezing
weather, either by mixing with salt and water, or
otherwise f An answer to this question. It Is be
lieved, would bo of great benefit to the comma
nly BmWCR
rnferamian Wantrd.
New York. ur< Pearl atreot, Nov. 6.
To Iht Editor of Xltt ChictHjn Tribune;
Sir: Buvios slater living at 317 -West Polk
Street, Chicago, and not having heard from her
since the lute terrible calamity that has befallen
your city, I mn afraid that perhaps she may have
I’* rishcn. My sister i*s a widow, and received an
01 my pension. Her name is Mrs. Mary Wron.
fece lived with her diinghtcrand son-in-law, named
respeclia ely Abhy and Ahien Andrews, at the
above number, a oars, gratefully,'
UoNoniA Scmv.ur.
CorpeuteH.
Brunswick, Maine, Nov. 6.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
6m; I geo by tho papers that there are wanted
In Chicago 2,C00 carpenters, this.winter, to whom
liberal wages will be paid. I wish to know what
wages will be given per day, as there are several
carpenters that will go from here if we cet
pay enough to make it an object toco. b
I* 9. PfiHNßnn.
Closing Saloons on Sanday.
2b the Editor of the Chicago Tribune:
Sir: i am a saloon-keeper, and was notified
eomeUme since that I must close my house on
Sunday. Now. I wish to ask if the law on this
subject has been changed, having noticed that Sev
ern In the same business take no notice of said
order vuvo
Chicago, Nov. 8.
The Now Kpiscopnl Charcb at Ottawa.
Correspondence of The Chicago Tribune.
Ottawa, lIL, Nov. 6.
The members of the Protestant Episcopal
Church, rceldentln this city, though not a numer.
oua or wealthy body;- have shown a degree of
real and enterprise that entitles them to stand In
the front rank of the religious denominations rep
resented here, and have, by their own unaided ef
forts, secured for themselves the finest ecoleslaa
•iraledlflceia the city, ana-°ne. of the moat olo
timt clnucli-lmlldings In tUe entire Stale. Little'
more than a year ago the project was mooted
1116 cw dln -£J J n< s completed and
L T h 6 A 1 o' the edlfioe
if G >^ni c thirteenth century, and it
f Joliet rough stone,
A?i,„! a 2 ‘I DB Hnd P lons of Mr- A. H. £Utraod,
AT *£ora. The contractors for tho
building were Messrs. Colwell, Clarke .<fc Co„of
Ottawa, and tho contract price was *i«iso. Tho
jeite.Js on tho corner of Washington and Columbus
streets, fronting Washington Park. Tho main en
trance Is tlirongh tho tower on The northwest
comer, the processional entrance being in front.
The tower is surmounted by a graceful spire, ris
ing to a height of 206 feet, oncl terminating Inn
gilded cross and crown, Tho navo Is 36572 feet,
the cbnneel 22*38, and the north transept, re
served for tho organ and zmislo leaders, ®x2t fast.
The helghth of tho walls la 161-2 foot, Tho seating
capacity of tho Interior Is from 360 to 400. At tho
north side of the chancel is a vestry-room 12 feet
square, hud on the south side of tho ohanool la tho
parish and Sunday school library room, ap
proached through a cloister. In front oC wblyh
stands the-font,
cfcilfiKf uf the ch-.-h i 1 }l,„.
innmier-Leams resting L
height from Hoop to V Hlir-1 tl,T i'- V|
utehtagtntd decoraUon itUh h
Ing with The ~f m 1 1 r T’
ami ceilings ar* «tnln ,r-W... v
with the exception of ,w
In nltrnnmrim:; Jk i/" 1
around the charnel j r 40
and celling, giu* ir a
finish. Over tin- cU;.n?« (*‘l .*mt .’U
in iHWd.giir fo\t, “o
fall down; and kne«d bfcfrp..V 1
The woodwork Is Hnaau-,; *v,
altar, lectern, prinlU n 1
walnut.. ek-gnnilv tLnish*-/?-. 1
is remarkable larihe u
ness ef its dc^ an> r.a-'i I
workmanship. The roa! 11
into open varved panH«
sauces in each of whhdi V* t
the chamfer* of the lama. l
ate likewise trmcbtd v»j*h 1■
side of IheaitaranU-W i,..,';"' >c',
chancel-wall. one far
for the n*»* n
equally divided fur the su,-r P of :h
--mat ultnr-psiil of black
the church Is ciii-moiuiK,
cross, and over the areh ~f i,, I l i KV
cm In the »rm»e the f« M
the house of the U»rtr’* u!T‘
tutrance. Is the
that labor amt are )i.- v v Hn
you rf'st.” On each Md.-,;/ v. -\i
one hearlni: the Uwri«,rv„‘ u .'T- V-
G«J: iin.l tli.- A,
G«l. Til., rlinnii j, t
Tbo new orpin for w.
ronnufaeture.l hy Mar.Wil w r 'i
waokeo. l.llt Just Ui... r,
troyeii l>y lire, m„t il„.
miirly ready, perblii d «i t
(eufo. Tine will inr..; v>
(lettinpHie mnoleal •-•r. r
effort* of tiie n.ii' i;
nil diflleiil.ice. All the
hove been eareftiliv t;,
Eeeti.ret cbrLst Cl.imi., J* f'"'-'! i
'TOoJf. D.l>„ to w1i0..,. p tZ. L r
bnllrtlnß ol tbe Ei.i w ....,il ii 'T-'
euee.Hoful comyleTi.,,,
mainly (hie. Tin- Hr-r i
will be b. Won Tiianlikah in'. |.‘r 'Hr
Inr Bunilay eenl.e
meetiDKot (lie ehapfor
wbicb Ottuwi. Is in,■Hal.-,i, K-,
In Uie new cbiireb at its 0p.%,
whieli bao taken via,-., in ■vr”,? 1
led ,n a,,an^‘;^:
THE .VO nriDYEsr
H-LlNOt,.
There Is not o Mnirle y„„ :ig
and not u sinple marri;,^ohl rv 5
-The Board of Bdneatim, t iw'?*
to open the .loots of tho M 1,;,,.
ored people.
—Marengo has a resident nam-i r
3C3 years of age,
-Two wells recently r v,
one at Panola and one at Mi«*» v T MCr
fare from a depth of sLtteen f,,, n J*
cxhnuMless stream. m fID
-The marriage of Le*,, n, lnl
tie was the first ever .vW,ru, l;ill
It Ocentred August, IW, n,ar /'i
—Mrs. Belle Gray, of ig... p
head so severely by a ramlk a
pectcd to recover.
-Mrs. SwiwhcJm b m
-Dlphtlirrij. prevail) j, Know l iv''“’ 1
-The body of (how,
was ImHed ruth, r hastily nniriVn
ngo. on account or its
found, ■r-118 remnly dn e OHirw' I *’t
found in hiM«K.tt*. Tlwfi-V*
after. V
—Mr. Rufus Porter, of 1w.,.-,*,,
eelvtd a l*«t containing e:-hi
reot from Switzerland. live '®J
delivered to him here wa, icT
—The charter Jne<Tjx»r;ifi:rg
mal, a»*d the city taws nnje i n c f
with, forbid tho sale i.(
Some of the druggists hi ili*? ,-;iv “T
petted of violations ~f |j, w uO
have been made, ami in *»ik
lug party brought to trial. (~u
Osborn, druggist, foam! Mimh-U i:i l: N
charge of violating theeit> 1.,j, a
Ihjurrs. A Hue of tib Uk
posed.
luW.V.
The Circuit Court at l».-s ,g v
cidcd ln favor of the de.Vmhmr ;n tv r
E. Owen was sued fur*K».a.) r,.-
deotli of a man named dolmen.
river contractor, and while ji r j
rerne lime ago. ordered Jolmsim
were in bis employ to move
In removing the table Joi.iix.n jv m M
juries.
—Ovcrten thansMid basyn <.f
been shipped from Ko*.uih il*, fail. iv
shipment from this mmy ihr* tv,;.
gate probable FOyrio ba.tii-ls »t
—Sioux city chum* a popnbtviv,/ r,.i«v
—Sylvester Angel, a pioni-er.if h !rr,r r
fy, residing near Delhi, died on Mou>h*y; u,*
90 years.
—Northern Town isjuiff'nt r' pudnr,»
crop. Capitalists up there nr:-
ing immense cribs wherein tof.-iwun tL-aw
of bushel* “to,hold over.”
—The military troops areordi-h-* incrtaS
to Leavenworth for !iejuiqn;irt* r'.
—Tile Pella Hladc uimmiab-s
for Engrossing Clerk in the mntHmw! n-r
sentntives. A large number of I -\\w s in r !p ?a
are watching studiously ;lieir ciiawovaticiu
direction.
—The Dca Moines Keyb’rr re,,-j'J,;- r!-
that occurred in Cracker To .vnsldp, IV’;
on Friday afternoon last. Mr. 3<i
farmer of that town«l;ij», wus omc.ig, .1; i 1
his com. and had built near his hoa-t' :i i r!u’
he Lad elevated on po-i.-*. Le
Held his two little children w>ro pi ivinc
and under the crib. When lie relarncl 'm
that the crib had fulleu from it-* ivh-p.mi;
one of tlie little ones, 3 year.- *dil. iK-nt'.tjh;-
heavy sill was resting dbvrtly arro-o ft a'
Its death was probably iintanuueoii*.
Wisconsin.
Knu Claire Is soon to have gK
—The Kcclue Advocate says m,my of to 3
chants of that place are going to f’h’V.w
—A fire from the spontaurou.-*
pile of nigs saturated with
the Janesville Court JTons*‘ an last sit rV
ternoon. The early discovery i*rvu*uUti
damage.
—On Thursday evening of -wh*ic a V
man named Anson BuHI, son of Ih I*- anl
Buell, of Eau Claire, eoimnltb'd .-üb*ldf l*y
ins himself through the Icud. Th«* v-wn* l
sad and terrible affair is wholly
though the circumstances fin*'* tin* v
been iircmeditutcd, and not tho refill
tary impulse.
—The Green Bay Atleoeais *ay*: A fri T
was in a sail boat on Little sturp'*.*
scribes the fire blowing off I In* slion*'*'
so much so that trees on an island "J*
mile from shore wrra set on lire nnd
burned ever. Ho says that uft»*r the tire-?*--
have picked up a yuwl boat full «f birih
boy that budget burned iu their ili*rht aiw
ped into the water.
—Tho Marinette and IVduigo Engle W*
fies are springing up on the ■•iteot t.~
various direction*- fr'.-i?.
hands, and Incipient hio begins o j
various quarters. _ ~.v
—The Badger State Banner stf* ther
more winter wheat sown iu Jackson
fall than over before, mid since the 0
farmers report that it is looking well.
—A day or two since the SW* u
eon reported the death of Puvid
President of the Wisconsin Hhtoruv
wherenponMr. Williams replies us Mh"**-
P\i;iF.S- Wts..
Enrroßa State jomsfAf..—went*lu- iw-
on *ubf>crii.tiou ti» tho staU* Jonrna*-
In your Inst week's issue. I had the n r
my obituary notice, and take this ra»-ti.w'
you that I am notyoi deceased:
prepare for that eobomi event, or tn*» 1
of life, ami, therefore,pay the l' ri uV ‘V'iV
little alficrvnco t«» tho public but f'-t l 1*;
t-Imca of holding my plucc anmm:
lunger. Please correct, amt obligs
7C a S&&*tu&
—The Montello Express says Mr.
Vceder left at that office, uue day thu
lecof a hog on which were two
feet, and Mr. Vceder says the
donble set of feet nil round.
—The La Crosse Demin rat
legally closes on the 15th of this nu'
mall contracts and insurance on r 'T
yet many boats will probably run imid Uk
her.
—The Janesville Gazette of the
Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Duuioi
one of toe former j»roprh*tors of
down stairs and broke her arm. On illl “,p
ing Mrs. Hiram Bowen, wife of
proprietor of the Gazette, ft-II duwn*t»»£jV
her spine and arm so severely that
several days, confined to her bed.
—The bank at Geneva was rubW'l o
the the Bth, by two men, who escaped
—A Mrs. Richardson, in the town s j'
Crosse County, came to her death
an unsuccessful attempt to bleed
apoplexy.
—Christianity is reaping a rich
in Appleton, Upward of two Imnd
converted, and revival mootings
with wonderful success, under
Mrs. TanCott.
ru**'
Lafayette fears a failure of the
supply tho city with gus, owing tl
bllltyof obtaining a supply ef eos*
gas making.
-Uriah Layton, who fires at w
doubtless thinks Friday and !ur
very unlucky days. Hia
living at Frederick, Md., rated i' l *pt
four boys and four girls, all U vStl J
were all bom on Friday, tho ,u>
day. Tho mother wus born on Friday.
on Saturday. Vl t-'*
—Harry Lemon killed an racb*
last, two tulles below Now Albany*
uredfifeot from tip to tip.
—A protracted meeting of the
last week at tho meeting Uoiu-o of j j?
tlon at New Loudon, the services
day. About B,W»people were o» J r
joining tho church, on Sunday, and
Quaker discourses. Much luU^^
tested.