KEW YORK.
Hie Fomal deception of the
Grand Duke Alexis to Take
Place To-Day.
Green Appointed to the Comp
trollership Vice Connolly.
Tweed and Ills' Connection with
the Savings Banks.
Catacazy’s Case as Viewed From a
Russian Standpoint.
Daily Review of the Leading
Markets.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
TUB SAVINGS BANKS FAILURES.
New York, Nov. 20— The failure of tho Guar
■dian Savings Bank Is attibated to the very recent
'withdrawal of SIW,OOO by a woman whose intimate
Delations with the members of tho Ring have boon
n matter of notoriety for a long time. When the
managers of the institution saw tho approaching
•crisis they applied to Tweed for help. He pro
mised In the most solemn manner to protect it,but
when tnc trial came ho coolly informed his friends
he had not so much oe $lt),ooo, anil did not Know
where ho could borrow a dollar. Those to whom
he said this felt very sure ho had at least a mil
lion of dollars in ready cash, which he could draw
-at pleasure. Intelligent Jurors who know tho
condition of the bank think the depositors will
Tiltimitely be paid in full. Within a short time,
Tweed and other, members of tho Ring who kept
•deposits in the Guardian have withdrawn over
$<500,000 from the Institution. It is notorious that
Tweed has recently been converting his personal
property, frequently at ruinous prices, into
ready money, and those who know him have
no doubt of his intention to flee the country.
Tweed has stated that he knew nothing of tho af
fairs of the concern, as he was not an active par
ticipant in its administration; that his name and
El;*s had been asked, as officers, to givo it popu
larity. Ely admitted tbat he was Secretary, but
professed to know nothing about tho bank’s af
fairs. Apprehensions of runs on other savings*
banks, ou account of tho suspension of throe or
four of tbo number, seem groundless, as none of
them have been drawn on to-day to 4 tho usual ex
tent.
HALL AND TWEED QUARREL.
Major Hall and Tweed are reported to hare
had a violent quarrel, Tweed accusing Trail of
cowardice and treachery. Baying Hall how wants
to abandon the friends who have made him, as ho
abandoned the Republicans when they had noth'
ing more to give him. Tweed Btlll declares ho is
the only man of nerve in the entire Democratic
party in this city.
Tweed’s little game,
Tho effort of Tweedtb reorganize Tammany is
believed to bo an attempt to hide his intention to
take flight. Those knowing Tweed say he is
thoroughly aware ho is damned forever.
LIBEL SUIT THREATENED,
Henry C. Bowen threatens a suit against John
Russell Young, of the Standard for publishing
that Bowen has defrauded the Brooklyn Treasury
out of large sums of money.
Prominent attorneys talk of throwing Clarence
Seward, over the bar because he surrendered the
Fifk-Manstield correspondence to Sweeney, who
has not destroyed it. since it contained damning
evidence against himself and other Tammany
members.
CATACAZT’S case.
Tho Journal Dc St, Petrrshin'g, offlclal Journal,
publishes -a statement of tho disagreement be
tween tho State Department and Catacazy, which
possesses much importance as the first Russian
version of the diplomatic quarrel. Tho Journal,
among other things, says:
Catacazy is, no doubt, himself very desirous
to end promptly a mission which must be very
painful to him, and the Imperial Cabinet has no
motive to prolong it beyond tho limits of time es
sentially necessary. Until then, wo are convinc
ed that, as the Russian representative, he will
receive tho regard due to tho position with which
he Is Invested, and to the government of which
he is tho official organ. Tho Federal Government
has 100 strong a sentiment of its own dignity to
dispense with tho diplomatic proprieties which
it would certainly claim to have strictly
observed in its own regard. However painful
this incident may bo, it reduces itself to a ques
tion purely personal. It docs nut effect the in
terests of the two countries, or their mutual sen
timents. Tbo voyage which tho Grand Duke un
dertakes at this moment on the invitation of tho
Federal Government, and tho hearty reception
preparing for him in America, are conspicuous
testimonies of the cordial relations of
the two governments. The Catacazy ques
tion is one which ought to be treated
with propriety and reserve, and without either
personal passion or prejudice. The American
press docs not conform to tbe principal involun
tarily. No doubt it treats the matter with an in
discretion which may give it an irritating charac
ter but happilv the decision remains on tbe
calmer hands of the governments, and wo do not
doubt for a moment that tho matter will bo set
tled in a satisfactory manner by an amicable un
derstanding.”
MOKBT.
Tbe stem interfered somewhat with business
to-day. Tbe money market opened with liberal
offerings on call at saß per cent, 7 per cent being
asked at tbe bank and at some of tbe private
banking establishments. Borrowers, however,
were mostly accommodated at the lower rate.
There is no pressure of paper lor discount
at the bonks, and in tbe open market
the best double-named posses at 7 l-2alo
per cent.. There are no now or
important feature in the currency: movement to
and from this centre. Comparatively speaking,
little Importance is attached to the Ring savings
banks, for tbe reason that it has been expected
from day to day since the exposure of the City
Hell frauds. A run on the old and more favora
bly known savings institutions is'not appre
hended.
GOLD
was very weak. Tho opening price
was IU 7-S, and tho decline was
to ill s-8. The temper of speculation
in tho room is still in favor of a lower.premium.
The general opinion is that tho price will decline
to about 110 1-3, and the reason for this is that
there is more gold on the market than there is
any uso for. Considerable apprehension is felt
.as to the amount of coin which will be thrown
out by tho government for the December settle
ment of the |new loan, and while tbtq
doubt there will be few transactions
la tho room and no chance
for tho bulls. The rates paid for carrying to-day
were 1,11-2, and 2 per cent to flat for borrowing.
THE GOVERNMENT BOND MARKET
was not affected by the decline In gold. Tho
market was steady to the close. Tho foreign
bankers are buying for shipment, and great diffi
eulty is found in filling round orders. Central
Pacifies closed strong and in demand at 103 to
1031-4; Union Pacific, first mortgage, advanced to
S2, [closing at 913-4 to 9178. Some purchases
have been made for Amsterdam account. Union
Pacific laud grants closed at 78 to 78 1-3; in
«omes, 81 to 82; stock, 37 7-8 to 28.
.rOBCZON XXCHAKOB
was strong at 109 1-4 for prime sixty days* sterl
ing, and 110 1-8 for sight, it'there should be a
large balance la gold das the Syndicate in settle
ment of the new loan, exchange might advance
to 1101-2 for eight—the shipping point for transfer
to Europe.
STATE BONDS.
South Carolina* and Tennessee* continue to be
the declining stocks on the Southern list, and Vir
ginia sixes are the reverse. The former touched
SC 3-8 to-day, whieh is nearly 10 per cent decline
aincc early last week. The bear operations in
this stock are now fully controlling the market.
THB STOCK XAKKBT
was irregular until afternoon, when the heat
prices [of the day were made. Hannibal St,
Joseph was an exception. It is the current belief
that this stock is managed by.the.leading mem
bers of the ex-Tammany Bing, and iU character
Is affected thereby.
RHJADSTI7JTS,
The storm checked business in the floor market.
■The arrivals'were moderate, hilt the supply is
•ample of most grades,. At the close
"the market .was dull, but easier for
xnost grades. There was little doing In wheat to
■day, on account of the weather. Firmness pn
freights and the decline in gold checked busl
mees for export, and' millers were not buying to
■any extent. At the close the market-was ex
•tremely quiet. Holders generally deslinod to
3 le I ‘l e ect salM Ol spring. Com opened
.quiet, lint later, under a more active Inquiry on
pCCß3at S rriMß “W"*.
PTo the Associate* Fross.l
_ HXXb COKTTRTBD
ItBW Tork,Jfov. 20.—The J?re«i*»in
Is assured that Mayor Hall's conreef j£ (howJ* i l l
tho appointment of Green aa ComSirSiw\is
other actsi, indicates. that h« has rSSlted to au£
rendor entirely to the reform moTsmout, to
hHOOELTK BLEOTIOS FIUtTDS.
Seventy returns from as many election district.
In Brooklyn hate been found defective Three
Inspectors were this niomlus arrested, and mvo
hall each in B
ANOTHEB 510 STEAL.
At a meeting of the Commissioners of the Sink
ing Fund to-day. Chamhcriaiu Bradley called
attention to the alleged payment of $75500 to Tax
commissioner .Sands as percentage allowed him
«V,^. n 9i a and said ho know no
permitting the Comptroller to autlior
1/Jw h*-ouuaiioaoi BUchaloiin, Tho Comp-
trailer was directed to report on the matter at
Uic next meeting.
PARK COMMISSIONER APPOINTED.
Henry G Stebbins baa been appointed Park
Commissioner.
small rox.
Twenty-three additional cases of small nox
have been reported since Saturday noon.
TUB COLLSCTallsmi*.
Mr. Arthur, wno succeed* Collector Murphy, is
S ieud A ,K° od while since, rfnrphy
Ar bur would bo his successor when he
HORACE GREELKT.
*wfra w »nnounce« that It has an-
SSfcfJS* rln s th t Horace Groelor-istoho
appointed a member of tho Park Commission,
_ APPOINTMENT.
Bchellhasl>ccnappointed ßeceiverfor
the National Savings Bank.
_ TAMMANY.
Leading Tammany men nro demanding the de
position of Tweed as Grand Sachem of that insti
tution.
__ TWEED’S HANKS.”
Tweed states that ho known nothing of the af
fairs of the Guardian Savings Institution. Ho
bao only lent his namo to give it popularity. Ho
says tbat the Vice President of the bank baa
placed $300,000 worth of real estate at its disposal
to enable it to meet its' engagements.
THE COMPTROLLEESRIP.
Richard C. Connolly has resigned tho Comp
trollerahlp, and Andrew H, Green has been ap
pointed in his place.
ALEXIS.
New York, No. 19.—We are indebted to the
Ttibutie for the following: “Tho Russian frigate
8 vtthmd entered the lower bay atnoonattended by
the revenue cutter Northerner. Approaching the
American squadron at the Horseshoe, she fired a
national solute of twenty-one guns, which was
responded to by the Congress, Severn, Iroquois,
and Kansas, each vessel dipping her colors as she
passed to her anchorage. The Grand Duke ap
peared on deck, and bowed repeatedly to the
solutes of the American officers. Admiral Rowan
was received with all the honors on tho Svotlaud.
The frigate mot a storm off Uatterus, which lasted
until Friday.night, when an observation showed
her to be forty miles off Capo May. A pilot was
taken at 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, off
Barncgct. Tho vessel received no damage, and
did not ship a sea. Alexis is dressed in tho simple
uniform of n Lieutenant. Be is tall, strongly
built, aud has the air of a gentleman;
has a clear complexion, light hair ami
whiskers, and blue eyes. He speaks
English quite fliaontly, but app cars to prefer
French. The Russian Minister, Catacazy, passed
the afternoon on board the frigate, the guest of
the Duke.
New Yokk, Nor. so.— A rain-storm prevails
this morning, which bids fair to last all day. It
Is probable, therefore, that tho Grond Duke,a re
ception will bo postponed. No reception formal
ities were offered him yesterday, and he remain
ed all day on board his vessel. All fleets which
are i yet in tho lower hay will come
up the harbor, led by the reception
steamer Powell. Tho Russian flagships will
be flanked by yachts of tho Now York Yacht
Clubs. United States steamers will bring np the
rear. Ail will bo decorated with Russian and
American flags. When the Grand Duke is taken
ou board the reception steamer, the whole fleet,
together with all tho forts in the harbor, will fire
salutes. A grand procession will escort him up
Broadway. As he passes Trinity Church tho
chimes will peal forth fho Russian national au
them, followed by America." Flags and bunt
ing will bo displayed from buildings on Broad
way.
New York, Nov. 20.— rt appears that tho Recep
tion Committee of tho Grand Duke did not go to
the lower bay in the steamer Mary Powell, but
met the Russian fleet under the escort or tho
American fleet. The Grand Duke accepted the
public reception to-morrow, until which time bo
remains on board the Svetlan d.
ATTEMPTED HIGHWAY
Rev. Job G. Boss, of Brooklyn, ex-ohapl iln of
the United States Army, was waylaid last night
by two negroes, who drew knives and demanded
his money or his life. Tbo old man defended
himself with a stout oano. and succeeded In
driving off the assailants after having crippled
one of them by a blow with his stick.
WASHINGTON.
Murphy’s Successor Appointed
to the Collectorship.
Correspondence Between tbe President
and tbe Retiring Collector.
Census Commissioner Walker Likely to
Get the Indian Commissionership.
The Whiskey Interest Largely Represented
at tbe Capital.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
TUB INDIAN COUMISSIONEKSmr.
■Washington, D. C., Nov. 20.— The Indian com
missionership will probably bo settled in the Cab
inet meeting to-morrow. There has been so much
dissatisfaction with Collyer that notwithstanding
his recommendation from tho Now York Peace
Conference, his claims will hardly bo recognized.
It is now generally understood that Francis A.
Walker, present Chief of tho Census Bureau, will
bo tendered tho appointment, and that he will
accept.
KORMONDOH.
Advices from Utah here demonstrate that tho
Mormons arc extremely uneasy as to their future
prospects. They now propose to compromise with
tho United States Government,and haveinstmet
cd DclegateHooper to make a statement of their
case to the authorities here. It is proposed to try
and hold a convention, get up a State
Constitution la which polygamy shall
bo hereafter prohibited, and then
apply to Congress as a State. In consideration
of tide concession It will bo urged that Congress
do not Interfere with the existing relations.
BOUNDARY QUESTION.
The Virginia and Maryland Commissioners,
“Who were appointed, about atyear slaoo, to sektlo
be boundary Una between these States, have
failed to agree, and tie question will now bo re
ferred to tko Supremo Court of tho United
States.
TUB WIIISKET INTEREST
is still largely represented here. Several dolcga
tlona of this character bavolatelybcldconforouces
with tbe Senate Finance Committee and officers
of the internal Revenue Bureaurclativo to o con
solidation of the laws now Imposed on this pro
duction. Tho Revenue Bureau is in favor of a
consolidation of taxes to a certain extent, but
still wishes to collect one-tbtrd of whatever tax
may bo Imposed on tho entry of spirits
to warehouse, and tho balance upon tho
withdrawal of tho same. Tho Financc|Comuilt
tco will be urged to prepare a hill to govern the
exports of dlstl lied spirits, and report favorably
upon the same.
attempted suicide.
John Nugent, a brother of Sirs. Wharton, now
in prison at Baltimore, awaiting trial on charge
of poisoning General Ketohum, attempted to
commit suicide on Saturday last by cutting his
throat with a razor. After inflicting three or
lour cuts upon.his throat he was discovered
by a neighbor, who tried unsuccessfully to wrest
the razor from him. Ho afterward mado his
escape into the woods, where ho was found
shortly aner, faint from tho loss of blood. He
WRa taken to tho residence of Sir. Armcnt, where
he now' is. Tho cause of this rash attempt upon
his own life, it is said, arose from depression of
mind relative to the charges made against his
sister.
SOUTHS BN RAILROADS.
Tho report of the Secretary of War will show
that of the Southern railroads, which under Ex
ecutive order were allowed at tho close of the
war to purchase rolling stock and other railroad
supplies and material from the United States,
twenty-seven have paid their debts In full, with
Interest, amounting to $2,445,5C7. Twenty
four are still in debt to tho United States,
the amount duo being $4;724,350. In Juno
the Secretary of War accepted a proposition
from tho Nashville Chattanooga Railroad
Company, to pay In full of its debt of $1,857,333
the sum of $1,000,000, one-half in ten years ondone
half in twenty years from tho first of Juno, 1870,
with interest, at 4 per cent, payable semi-an
nually. Largo claims presented by several rail
roads for uso and damage by tho United
States army during tho war have been presented,
considered and rejected.
[To th* Associated Press.]
UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT.
Washington, -Nov. 20.—1n tho Supreme Court
of the United fitates, this afternoon, it was an
nounced that tbe court would adjourn next Mon
day, the 27th Instant, sine die, Tho court will
meet again December 4, as required by law. to
commence the regular term.
onvgmos to grant’s nomination.
A despatch from Washington to the Telegram (a
tUut tbe Republican op
ponents of the President will hold a meeting,
probably at Harrisburg, Pa., on the 30th Inst, to
take steps to defeat his rcnomlnatlon.
THE NEW TORK COLLECTORS HIT.
Arthur was appointed, this after
noon, Collector of Now York city, rice Murphy ro
rigneo. The following Is the correspondence be
tween President Grant and Murphy;
Custom House, New York.
Te Ult rr«.' (fml C OI^CIOE,S mC8 NOT i
I hereby tender my resignation of the offlae of
Collector of tho port ol Sew York to take effect
upon the appointment of my successor. Yon ora
aware that, during tho period I have held this
important trust, and because I have hold it. I
have been subjected to persecutions which, for
persistent misrepresentation and unrelenting
vindictiveness, have fortunately hat few
parallels in the history of political
strife. Throughout this somewhat trying
ordeaL I have been sustained, however, by the
consciousness of my own rectitude, and by the
fact that during my official term Ihavo enjoyed,
uninterruptedly, and still retain, your confluence,'
undiminished by the vituperation of my accu
sers. For the manner in which the duties of the
office have been performed, I take pleasure
in referring to the Judgment of
my official superior, the Secretary -of the
Treasury, and to thp figures of record
in tho Treasury Department, which show how
revenue has been collected, and with what dimin
ished percentage of cost. Unless your attention
has been called to this record* I beg you will re
fer to lu Groundless os the aspersions cast upon
mo ore, and fully as they hare been refuted before
more than; one tribunal, 1 am conscious that
my continuance in office will bo
made the pretext on occasion for assaults calcu
lated to injure yon and the Republican party, and
rather than incur such hazard, t would relinquish
my position, oven had it been coveted, which yon
know it was net. When appointed I believed I
could render service by accepting the place; now
t® can render service by resigning it,
«rmiU-w?i ertl,c e circumstances, I- may also
ivSlft V 1 gratifying result of the
?*Srfti oM\l On «A tWs State, which leaves tho
cvniroi 01 Us affaire .substantially la the hands of
that great party of progress and rcfofm, of which
you are the acknowledged head, and for the suo
of which It will ever bo my pride and duty
to labor. J
With high respect! yonr obedient servant,
Thomas Murphy.
Executive Mansion, Washington, d. C., I
M Nov. 30,1871. s
Thomas Murphy, Collator of the Port of New York:
DearSiu: our letter of tho 16th, tendering
?our resignation of the office of Collector of tho
ort of hew York, with the reasons therefor, Is
received. It gives mo great pleasure to
bear testimony to tho efficiency, hon
esty, and zeal with which vou
have administered tho office so long as It has
been trusted to your keeping. Your own peace
of mind, no doubt, will be enhanced by leaving
tho office of Collector, but I doubt whether such
course will, in any sense, bo of benetlt to tho
public service. Under your administration
tho revenues from tho New York Cus
tom House have been largely increased
and the cost of collection In proportion
V? ai S2 t J ll f collected, been greatly
diminished. This is shown by tho records of the
Treasury Department. You have had my un
quaUhcd commence ever since you entered tho
office of Collector. You liad that oontldenoe be
fore, or the appointmeht would not have been
tendered you. That confidence la still un
shaken, and, In accepting your resignation,
1 desire to give you the fullest
assurance of this fact. 'Whether you remain in
or out of office, time will convince a Just public of
your entire innocence of tho charges brought
against you.
With great J®pe«t, your obedient servant,
U. 8. Grant.
FREE ONTRT DENTED.
The Secretary of the Treasury has written a
letter to tho Collector of Customs at Port Huron,
Mich., declining to grant free entrv of beef pur
chased in Canada for the sufferers'by the recent
fires in Michigan. Tho department letter of tho
13th of October, under which the requests were
made for allowing free entry of articles cod
tributod for tho relief of the Chicago sufferers,
has been modified and hereafter only biaokots
aud articles of clothing are to bo contributed for
the relief of sufferers m Chicago, Michigan and
Wisconsin, this privilege only extending to Jan
uurry Ist,
SUPREME COURT DECISION.
The Supreme Court has decided that In sum
mary proceedings in bankruptcy the Court is
without authority to adjudicate the rights in
volved m a controversy, but should put the par
ties contestant to their remedies .at law or in
equity.
New York, Not. 20.—Tho latest English pa
pers have a speech delivered by Sir Charles
DUke, Nov. 0, before a largo crowd of tho work
ing classes, at Nowcaaue-onthe-Tyno. The
speaker dwelt at length on the subject of rep
resentation, of tho incquaUty of the voting
power in tho House of Commons, from
largo cities and towns, as compared with
the representation of the small bor
oughs. “With regard to the cost of royal!ty,” ho
said, “we have Ural to deal with tho sum of £372,-
000 a year, expended upon the privy purse and
upon the royal household, to which I odd a loyal
bounty and royal alms ,|which rmount to £13,003,
making up tho sum of £385, 000." He continued
to enumerate tho various expenditures of royalty,
showing that it costs at least one milUon of
pounds a year, and probably much more. Tho
resxionsiblllty of these oppressions upon tho peo
ple, ho considered, rested with the Queen. Ho
said, in conclusion: “Idoubtwhethor,if the charge
to which I have alluded are aU weU founded,
monarchy should not set its house in order.
There Is a wide-spread belief that a republic
hero is only* a matter of education and time. It
is said that some day a Commonwealth will bo
our government. It yon can show mo a fair
chance that a republic here will be free from tho
political corruptions that hangs about tho mon
archy, I say, lor my part, and I believe that the
middle classes in general will say, Let it come.*
His spec oil throughout was loudly applauded.
London, Nov. 20.— A report comes from Liver
pool, this morning, that two ships whoso names
are yet unknown, have run into each other in tho
river Mersey, huob violence that both Alloa
and sunk almost instantly. As far us known all
hands were lost.
ROBBERY.
Sir Thomas Daken, the late Lord Mayor, will
bo banqueted on tbo 22d instant.
Tho remains of the lute Colonel Sanderson will
be sent to America.'
Duuiln, Nov. 20.—Two important witnesses for
the prosecution In tho case of Kelly, about to bo
tried for discharging a pistol at an olllcor, have
disappeared.
London, Nov. 30 —Tho report of the
suspension of negotiations between England and
Frame, for.lho luoditication of the commercial
treaty, is fully continued.
John Griflle, Secretary of the Total Abstinence
Society of Brixhon, publicly accuses the Queen of
intoxication. The charge causes great uproar,
and the local authorities have already com
menced legal proceedings against the man who
made it.
London, Not. 20.—A largo radical meeting,
which was attended by four thousand people,
was held in tho city of Bristol last evening. Sir
Charles W. DUko addressed the assembly. There
was much uproar and lighting, and the band was
prevented from playing the national anthem.
God Save the Queen.”
London, Nov. 20.—Tho Count of Chambourd,
Chief Elder of the Bourbons, contradicts the re
port that he Intends to surrender his hereditary
right to tho throue of Franco.
Pams, Not. 20.— 1t is expected that before tho
end of January. 1872, France will have ten army
corps completely organized and fully supplied
with improved arms, posted at the great military
centres 01 the country.
Constantinople, Nov. 20.—There are groat
complaints of disorganization In tbo public de
partments. Tho sultans order requiring econo
my in the administration of public affairs, are
misinterpreted and not satisfactorily carried
out. Harmony does not prevail in the Cabinet,
and a crisis Is looked for.
Madrid, Nov. 20.—The debate In tho Cortes, and
tho events of tho past week, cause great excite
ment.
Tho Republican Deputies have issued a circular
to their supporters throughout the country to
keep quiet, and advocating the maintenance of
public order.
In the meantime the labor troubles continue.
Bakers and dyers in Valencia obstinately main
tain their strike, and make threatening demon
strations. The garrison has been reinforced.
Tho steam transport will sail from Cadiz on tho
30th Inst, with fresh troops for Cuba.
Ghkrta,Not.2o.—Tho origin of the conflagra
tion in this city is to bo mado tho subject of strict
Investigation. Suspicion is directed against
agents of tbs International Society.
Berlin, Nov. 20. —Tho Reichstag has sanctioned
tho extension of tho North German law, making
military service compulsory on all, to Bavaria,
Governor Palmer ill—Jlnvdar Execnled—
Park Commissioner*
[Special Despatch to Tho Chicago Tribune.}
Springfield, Nov. 20.— Governor Palmer was
taken quit© 111 on Saturday, and yesterday all
tho symptoms of genuine measles were developed.
Tho Governor is not sick enough to b©
confined to hla bed, but, under the advice of tho
Physicians, ho keens his room. His many friends
wiU bo pleased to fearn that no danger is appre
hended, and it is hoped that in a few days the
Governor will be able to once more resume his
work in the executive office.
.Peter Harrison, who killed John Kelly, at Pleas
ant Plains, last October, and who fled to and was
arrested in Texas, and brought back hero for
trial, was brought before Jus ties Woods to-day.
Ho waived an examination, and was recom
mitted to Jail to await the action of the grand
gentlemen were commissioned as
Lincoln Park Commissioners by tho Governor on
Saturday; B. F. Culver, Samuel M. Nickerson,
IJJiaiu B. Bradley, Joseph Stockton and Francis
H. Kolos.
The following Incorporations filed articles of
association with tho Secretary of State to-day:
The Groat Western Tobacco Works, of Chicago,
capital stock, 126,000; The Homo literary inlti.
tuticß, of East St. Louis. J
BhMUß|Cste in JaekisaviUs-Ateestd.
log Banker—Attempted Bnpe*
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
.?soKviLLE, IU. Non. 20.—Last night, in thin
city. Daniel Hughes, a man In tho employ of tho
Chicago A Alton Railroad, was shot in a house
or 111 repute by a Mrs. Myers, the keeper of tho
establishment. Tho wound inflioted is a severe
but not mortal one.
Wm. Hindi©, banker, at Girard, Macoupin
County, has absconded, taking with him some
eight thousand dollars of the depositors* money
Last night, lu the suburbs of Jacksonville, two
colored men attempted to rape a white
woman, but such was her resistance
that the fiends deserted and fled. One of them
named Atexander Cooper, has since been arrest
ed and lucked iu jail.
Pork packing will commence in this city to
morrow. The prices paid to-day for hogs ranged
from $3.40 to $3.50 per hundred, live weight.
John Brown, Joe Brown, and John Hanz, the
Sonoma (Cal), stage robbers and murderers, have
been bold for trial. Uanx turned States evidence.
He says there were nine engaged in the gang,
but one was killed In a recent attack on a stain.
Officers are now in pursuit of the remainder of
the gang.
—An Omaha despatch of the 20th says: “The
sleet and snow storm which commenced here on
Friday noon, continued until Sunday morning
and extended over the whole country from the
Hocky Mountains to the river. Everything
was covered, with a heavy coating of
Ice, causing a downfall of telegmph
lines. The Union Pacl&o trains were snow bound
at different points between Omaha and Cheyenne,
the express train due here on Saturday afternoon,
arriving about midnight on Sunday. Tile storm
was reported as sUil more severe in Southern and
Western Colorado.**
—Yesterday morning the body of Dr. Higgins,
n farmer, was found about naif mile from
Dclphos, O. When discovered he was sitting
against a stump dead. He was seen on Sundav
night in town with his team. It is supposed that
he was Intoxicated and fell from ma wagon,
tho wheels passing over his head. 11 Is
stated that at about 7 o’clock yesterday morning
u lady on her way to ohorch saw him. and he
asked her for a drink of water, and shortly after
wards he was fonnd to be doao. His horses were
standing some disunce from the body, with tho
lines wrapped round one of tho hubs,
—Whiloundcr the influence of liquor, on Sunday.
Dennis Hayes laid down on'tho track “of tho
Toledo, At abash 6c Western Railroad, at Kov
Haven, Ind., and was run over by a
train. One leg was severed, and the foot
of o»her badly smashed* It is not thought ho
win live.
K.B.uClty Lin giwk market.
SpeclM Drepatek to The Chicago Trlbnae
jCahSAS Crnr, Hot. 20.— Cattle—Receipts la the
paso forty-eight hours, 741 head; shipped to Chi
cago, 13 cars—33Bhead: to ßt, Louis' 3s cars—C9o
head driven out, 403 bead. Sales of ico Texan
stockors, averaging 981 lbs, at *2.00; ica do, aver
aging 858 lbs, at *2.00; 2 do, averaging 650 lbs, at
*2.10; 137 packing cattle, averaging 1,000 lbs,
at f1.70; 41 butchers stock, average 654 lbs, $186:
128 packing cattle, average 1037, at $225. Slaught
ered 400 bead Hocs.'rccelv©d $1.75 bead; shipped
West 53 head aalca 122 head, average 370 lbs., at
fs.oo; ehtuj;Uicrcd?2ohead.
the Chicago tribune Monday, November 21. iß7i
FOBBIGN.
Great Brilain.
Prance.
Tnrkey.
Spain.
Switzerland.
Germany*
ILLINOIS
Telegraphic Brevities.
STATE LEGISLATURE.
Both Douses Without a Quorum
Yesterday.
Another Batch of New Bills
Introduced.
Apportionment Resolutions Adopted
in the Senate.
The Cook County Title Committee En.
larged by the Addition of Four
Members.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
COOK COUNTY TITLES.
Springfield, Nor. 20.— 0n Saturday a resolu
tion was passed for raising tho special Commit
tee on Cook County Land Titles to thirteen, all
.in order to get on one or two men. With every
such addition the usefulness of tho committee is
lessened. The members put or ore Boss, Boot,
Funk, and Smith,* of Ogle-
Springer has prepareda bill on the .subject, pro
viding for going into any court and filing a bill in
order to secure the attendance of all witnesses
who know anything of tho title to any piece of
land, and to place on file the evidence secured.
No final decrees are required.
NEW STYLE OF INCORPORATION.
Henry Grecnebaum is here with an important
bill to authorize the formation of corporations
for the investment of money on real and per
sonal property in this State. Tho bill, which is
an emergency one, has been sent to the Commit
tee ou Municipal Corporations.
WORK IN COKJJITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
The House went into Committee of the Whole
with less than a quorum, aud took up the bill
in relation to bail In civil cases, and discussed it,
making many amendments which, since a
minority of tho members adopted them in com
mittee, may or may nut b« adopted In the House.
WASTING TIME.
The House went into Committee of the Whole
Just as naturally os if it had never left
It, and wasted time there just as of old. It is
easy to seo from tho way In which business is
done, and unimportant bills are dully introduced,
that the House has learned nothing, and will do
nothing in the afternoon.
ABSENTEEISM.
In order to stop the disgraceful absenteeism
which has prevailed, Mr. PItELPS offered a reso
lution cutting off the pay ot members absent with'
out leave, but the rules were not suspended, and
though, as no quorum was present, the House
went on with Its bill. The extent to which ab
senteeism is carried ie shown by tho foot that
of the twenty-two members from Cook,
thirteen are absent—Dixon, Derickson, Egan,
Foss, Easter, Galloway, Humphrey, Burley,
Braytou, Heatield, Campbell, Mason, and Austin.
Of tueAe, Dixon, Eagan. Foss, Heatield, Brayton
have nut been hero at all. The State will be culled
on at some time to pay to tho hundred absentees
of to-dny SSOO, for which sum tho State will re
ceive no equivalent whatever. It. is a peculiar
privilege of representatives of the poox>lo to do
no work and yet draw pay.
TAX COLLECTIONS.
The Auditor reports that tho cost of levying,
assessing, and collecting tho State and county,
school, and other taxes for 1870 was 6 2-5 per cent,
the total amount collected being $17,000,000.
IX THE SEXATE,
The Senate did nothing to-day, and is waiting
fur the House and for tne Revenue Committee.
LEGISLATIVE.
SENATE.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Triton».
Springfield, HI., Not. 20.— Tho Senate mot at
10 a. m.
COMMUNICATION.
A communication from Uto Auditor relating to
tho cost of the levying and collection of taxes
was read and referred to the Committee on
Revenue.
REAPING OF BILLS.
Mr. BOYD reported'back House 81'123, pro
viding for the repeal of Section 30 Revised Stat
utes, entitled Bigamy,” recommending its pas
sage.
A bill for tbe repeal of an act providing for the
election of certain officers In tho city of Macomb,
was ordered to a second reading.
The Registry bill was road a second time and
referred to tbo Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CARTER introduced a bill authorizing tho
formation of corporations for the Investment of
funds in real and personal property*.
Mr. UNDERWOOD introduced a bill providing
for ascertaining county centres, aud to erect
monuments thereon.
The House resolution relating to tho bill now
pending in Congress relating to apportionment,
wat taken up aud adopted.
Adjourned to 3 p. 111.
Mr. STKEKAIL introduced a Joint resolution
Instructing Representatives and Senators In Con
gress to urgo the passage of a bill admitting
lumber free of duty. Laid over.
Mr. 'WASHBURN entered amotion to r«oon
aider tho vote adopting the House Joint resolu
tion regarding apportionment.
TEACHERS' INSTITUTES.
Mr. BEACH presented a hiU obolishlng Teach
ers* Institutes. Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
NO QUORUM.
The House mot at 10 o’clock. No quorum pres
ent.
A resolution for a clerk for tho Committees on
Legislative and Congressional Apportionment
was, after discussion, referred.
XEW BILLS.
Mr. YOCKE introduced a bill to authorise the
formation of a corporation for the investment of
money in real and personal property in the State,
which was referred to the Committee on Munici
pal Corporations.
Mr. CURTIS offered a bill relative to a Registry
law, substantially the same as the one passed
and vetoed lust winter.
Mr. KINO offered a bill for tho protection of
foundlings.
Mr. CimriS offered a bill to provide for a ver
dict by three-fourths of a jury m civil casos.
Mr. SPRINGER offered an emergency bill
fixing tho fee fur recording deeds at six cents per
hundred words.
Bills on third reading were passed on account
1 the thin house.
_ THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Tho House went into Committee of the Whole
on bill No. 27, to regulate tho manner of applying
for reprieves, and it was reported bach wita tho
recommendation that it pass.
Bill No. 114, making tho Auditor’s Annual Re
port evidence in courts, was ordered seat to the
Judiciary Committee, Mr. King feeling unwilling
to let tho insurance companies have the fuu
benefit of that report.
Bill No. 3i», to enable any city or incorporated
town to change Us name by the action of tho cor
porate authorities signed by ouo-fifth of tho voters
after notice by publication, it was amended and
its passage recommended.
Bill No. 120, concerning bail in civil coses, being
one of the chapters of the revisers, catuo up and
an amendment was offered to tho drat section
presented.
Mr. KING, of Coot, suggested to refer tho
whole subject back to tho Committee on tho
Judiciary,
Against this Mr. WAiTE protested, since the
committee had had It under consideration, and
had made un its mind concerning it. He did not
favor tho bill.
Mr. SPRINGER agreed with Mr. Waite.
Mr. KING changed his motion, so that tho bill
be reported back, with tho recommendation that
it do not pass. He did not think that the revi
sers had power to put in so much now law.
Mr. HOOT offsmi a substitute for the second
section.
Mr. KING’S motion was lost
The first section was so altered as to make the
judge decide on the necessity for bail, instead ot
the Clerk. A substitute was adopted for the
second section, requiring the Judgo to also exam
ine complainant.
Several other amendments of interest only to
lawyers were made to tho bill, and there was a
long and incomprehensible discussion.
The bill was not disposed of when the House
adjourned at noon.
-JSS ENTERS
In the afternoon Mr. PHELPS offered a resolu
tion cutting off the pay of members absent with
out leave. The rules were not suspended. Yeas,
S3; nays, 26.
There being no quorum, Mr. PHELPS demand
ed a call of the house. Before it was concluded
a motion was made to suspend It—resulting, yeas.
62; nays, 30.
__ _ Tim CIVIL BAIL BILL.
TTic House went into Committee of the Whole,
amt resumed tho Civil Bull bill, nnrt tlnlsheillt
alter making eouic more amendments.
ATTACHMENT.
The bill in regard to attachment in coarts of
record was t;vkcn up and amended. Before it
■was finished tho committee rose, and tho Hondo
adjourned.
THE CITY IN BBXEF.
The lud Title HloTcmcut,
A meeting of the committee appointed by the
real estate men to perfect a plan for the restora
tion of titles upon tho record, was held yesterday
afternoon, at the office of Clarke, Loyton i 00.
The full committee was present, including J, H.
Bees, Chairman, and Messrs. George R. Clarke,
E. c. Wright, W. J. Barney, and George W. Waite.
There were also present Hon. 1. N. Arnold and E.
W. Evans, Esq., of the legal profession, invited to
confer with the committee. Mr.. R., C. Wright
■was chosen Secretary of tho committee, with In
structions to call a meeting as soon as convenient
to all parties, of the lawyer part of the 'commit
tee, to which, on motion, was added George Pay-
Ths u'Mw® flrm Jan*. Scott Payroll.
was taken np with an in
n.tmhdruft a<; V 8 ll ?Sn ot tbe Provisions of tho
wSoh^ t n SLSu bUI Bu ssvsted hy Mr. Arnold,
uitkrauT a, together with several ad
vfakm"bv Cl nli?7' wbole to bo subject to re
confrere, of tho committee.
i O6l harmony and unanimity of fcolltur
irevuilu,!. and it was evident, from the practical
m v auuer wwoh Urn toßusirab
mateT wM fn nml u ut ‘t Dd discussed, that too
Mil win^ l X“ n u„ br n u"v‘ lll4 tbat excellent
Levislafim n. f s r consideration, hy tho.
h* PehUshed as soon as
k« m ufe’S;! o C t tte sub-
Bdl#f lirtiii Aiutrit*
*£JSZSSi?&£Si rmccs, and
is ImiKwelbte toTuif IftiSnl c b r f rT »ra®un t.
tent it the dlsa.torTTSS'.sT^ lSlr tb". r Und
everoccmredbeforoto thehitm
Chicago ladies have Just duSISJ? J£'
yond question snffeml srraUr
Hint they bad oftheflre\™» *7* knowledge
build Chicago. and the that
Sick and Hoapitwl R»„rt,
report d ti« C toSi number 1 patients
I*4™ atiente n their houses’ and an Increase
cr Uie P rec «ding week. The pre
are follows In District No.
rvtdini<i C with a few cases of
iffiflnw! vl l*fwo'cases of small-pox. In
nnpnmnivi?' 2—-Typhoid and scarlet fevers, and
a<Wd to these, in Dlstrlot No. 3,
Kn i tSwll l f ev r Rnd rheumatism. In District
nui* tJ fever, and small-pox is ia-
not to an alarming extent. In
there is mo prevailing, disease,
though rheumatism is frequent.
“Ow of tbo Frying Pan,” Ac.
tili escaped unharmed In
re fortes a few more disasters.’ He
auverutes us follows in tho Couucll Bluffs Tinies:
f a vk tlm of the great fire st Chi.
hfiS-M tn £Ji w M lowe u,ilnos# friends or mean*, do
hrmp°7?n Council Bluffs or IU vicinity his future
raSaiilr iSJa th 3 act lT0 and
~^n^hi llp waH never married. 110 would
nf iVv, J llc acquaintance of a single or widow
The SaJSS disposition; with a view to matrimony.
MV 11 1 llke the lady to bo possessed of
w deLian* to enable him to gut into some
MntleA strt satisfactory reference given,
strict* confidential, and photographs ox
Friendless.” Titne* office. Council
a vlSii of C Pr an,i aervo
AnnoanccmenC*. -r
rwt Sf mcet ot the comer of
Eighteenth streets, this evening..
Christian Union offers employ
ment and a home to sowing girls, at the sewing
M«T??rhSlS ar, ?K^ ooto t>olon^11^10 the Young
t J?^ Lib T ary 1110 requested to leave
“tern at ho. 58 Canal street,
ntw* the well-known humorist
K! n Hf.^ to L o1 character, introduced his old
«t t l xfc e 6ham Family" to a largo audience
at the itielilgan Avenue Bap list Church last even
inmnwill give a now lecture, with
f k a >out Brown," etc.,having some
to fammany. DeCordava is one of tho
*.S£ er *f l nin g °f lecturers; and lectures seem
to be Jthe thing "for Chicago this winter.
Police Matters.
seml-weoWy nicotine of tho Board ot
Police wiw held at the Madison Street Station yee
terduy afternoon, President Brown in the chair.
Wint-Ciimißigßioiier Gund-.
Dana E. Hutchins and Thomas Corocnn, having
served sixty days acceptably, were appointed
regular policemen.
Policeman Michael Acker, of the First Precinct,
was sentenced to forfeit seven days’ pay for mal
treating a prisoner'and conducting in an
unbecoming manner.
Policeman Thomas C. Speldan was charged
with absenting himself fr 3m bis station without
p rmission.buttho hearing of tho testimony in
the case was deferred until this afternoon.
Amusements*
Wyndham Comedy Company open at tho
Michigan Avenue Theatre, corner of Thirteenth
street, next Thursday evening, giving Robert
uew comedy. Progress,” for the first time
m Chicago, and Woodcock’s Little Game.” The
cast of “Progicss” embraces Messrs. Wyndhaoi,
Parsell, Giddcns. Holaton, Burnett, and Bruce,
and Mias Rignold and Mrs. Wilkins. In the suc
ceeding comedy Messrs. Wradham, Bruce, Bur-
Fleming, and Miss Florence Cowell, Mrs,
Wilkins, and Miss Stanleyappear. A lino ofstages
.will leave for Hi© West side at tho coucluslonof
every performance.
A Real Estate Speculation.
The Michigan City Enterprise tells the follow
ing good story:
Cane Rodgers, of Valparaiso, collected together his
entire a* seta, amounting to SI9OXO, and went to Chi
cago to buy up some of the lots In the “burnt dis
trict.” Going to a.real estate dealer, he told his
wishes, and was asked what quantity he wished to
purchase snd in what locality. Well,” he said,
“I'll take about ten acres where the Tremont House
stood!” To which the dealer made reply—“ You d—d
fool, go home! There isn’t money enough In Valpa
raiso to buy tea rods In that locality I” He wont.
miscellaneous*
The total contributions hr Philadelphia to tho
Chicago relief fund, up to November IG, amount
to $256,051.94.
“The mother of Bev. B. J. Humphrey, D. D., of
this city, died in Derry, N. H. t on the 12th inst.,
aged 92 years and 9 months.
—Robert Collyer has presented to tho Young
Men's Christian Union, of Boston, his original
anvil, which h«s already been shipped.
—Frank Brandole, formerly a resident of Chi
cago avenue, Is reauestodto report at No. 812
Wabash avenue.
—The General Passenger and Ticket Offices of
the Pt-ansylvanU Central, Including those of tho
Pittsburgh A Fort Wayne, and Pan Handle Rail
roads, are at No. 9 Sherman House, Madison
street. W. L, Cleland. agent.
—The body of another man was found in The
Tribune building yesterday. It was burned and
charred so as to be unrecognizable, and was sent
tc the Morgue to await tbo action of the Coroner.
—A butcher, named A. J. Scott, employed at
Murphy’s packinghouse, Bridgeport, while trim
ming hugs, yesterday, severed an artery near tho
left wrist, and came near bleeding to death. Ho
lives at No. 207 Archer avenue, whither he was
taken.
—Two workmen, Joseph Reasonor, of No. 334
Twenty-fifth street, and Ole Peterson, of No. 41
Hubbard street, were badly injured, yesterday,
by the falling of a wall on State street, near
Madison. They were taken to their homos by a
policeman.
—The Shelter Committee of the Relief and Aid
Society report 7,240 applications for houses aluco
tho fire, and tho number delivered 6,497. Tho
committee have procured shelter for 27,500 peo
ple in separate houses, and 5;ooo In barracks.
—Tbe horrors of our great tiro have not all
been told. It is known everywhere that tho dis
aster drove many thousands of people, including
women, into tbo stubble-fields. but does the
world understand that it also drove a score or
more of them into the lecture field I
—Superintendent Kennedy received a letter,
yesterday, from Mr. Van Auden, Treasurer of tho
Brooklyn Police Department, stating that $3,047.71
had thus far been collected by the policemen of
Brooklyn for tho officers in Chicago, and request
ing Mr. Kennedy to draw on him for that
amount. c
—The remains found in The Tribune Building
on Saturday are thought to be those of J. E. Don
ovan, who roomed in tho Post Office Block. An
of his looked at tho body yester
day, and recognised tho overcoat worn by tho
deceased and tun watch found in Ills vent pocket.
The Inquest was postponed until this morning, in
order that additional testimony in regard to his
Identification might be obtained.
—A Minnesota paper says that a Chicago man
arrived in Florence, Goodhue Comity, on Friday
last, and finding bis sweetheart married to an
other man, demanded a return of his presents,
which she refused. During a scuffle with the
girl's husband the latter received an uglv wound
In the si alp from an axe,and the Chicago man was
shot in the shoulder.
—The passengers on the Cunard steamer Siberia,
duringher Septemborpassage to Boston, included,
aiuongutbeiß, the Rev. Dr. Butler,of Chicago.a
well-known Catholic, and formerly a chaplain in
the army. Many of the passengers desired Vo
hear him preach, but tho Captain refused ttalr
request. A petition was then drawn un anti
signed by fifty passenger* of seven different de
nominations, ana even this was refused.
KABKETS BY
New York Financial New*.
New York, Not. 20.—The goal jnarkst w&S
"weak to-day, and declined to UffH the lowest
price fora long time poet. The closing solos wore
utlio 3-4. Loans were from Ito 4 per cent lor
carrying. Clearings, 127,500,000.
Tip government bond market waa generally
steady at the dose, not being affected to imy oi
lent hr tie decline In gold.
Stocks opened irregular, Reading and Union
Pacino being strong. Hannibal i St. Josopb
was weak and the remainder of the list was ex
tremely dull and barely steady.
The decline In Hannibal st
Joseph is ascribed to sales of some of the Ring
Savings Pongs, which hove recently como to
grief. The market, at the close, was strong and
higher, when the best prices of the day were cur
rent, except in Hannibal and St Joseph.
Tbe receivership in tbe case of the National
I Savings Bank has been raised, and the institution
was paying its depositors to-day.
Money easy, at eas per cent.
Southern State securities opened weak, particu
larly in Tcnneseeca an I now South Caroliuas,
which declined materially. On the last call they
were dull, but generally steady at the decline of
the morning.
Sterling, 109 ±3.
Government^:
Coups, '6l .1173-1
Coops, ’62 him
Coups, 'fri ui l-l
Coups, 65 HIM
New 1141-9
State bonds:
BfieSOorl ~,....97
Tennessee, old 64
Tennessee, new 64 M
Virginia, now so
Stocks closed:
Canton 69'
Western Union. 681-6
Quicksilver S3 1-5
Adams Express 64 3-|
Wells A Fargo 55 3-6
American 69
United States 571-2
Pacific aisii 47
New York Central.. 917-6
N. Y. Central scrip. 87
Erie 30 1-2
Eriepfd. 621-4
liar km .130
Harlem, pffi 022
Beading.. 1341-2
Mich. Cent 116 w
Pittsburgh 124 1-2
Northwestern eoi-s
Do pfd. 69 3-4
B. I. 103 7A
Coups, '67 114 7-8
Coups, *6B 114 7.8
10-403 1097-8
Currency 68 1131-4
Vfadnfa. old 65
N. Carolina, old 3S 1-4
N. Carolina, n0w,... so
N. T. Cent 109
at. Paul 5512
Do pfd 78 1-4
Wabash. a 3-4
DO pfd. so 1-2
Fort Wayne 97
Terre Haute....,,,, 16
Do pfd 50
Chicago A Alton 117
Do pfd. U9
O. A It 407-8
C., C. «fc C 85
C.. B. A Q 123
Lake Shore 861-4
Indiana Central.... IS 3-4
Illinois Central 130
Union Pacltlc 33
•U. IV bonds 9134
Central bonds 103
TeKiga markets.
London, Nov. 20—5 p.m.—Consols, 931-2; bonds
*C2. 91 7-8; *65, 92; ’67, 94 3-1; 30-406, 90 1-4.
FeahKJ’ORT, Not. 20. Bonds ’62, 97 l-8a971-4.
Paris, Nov. 20.—Rentes. 5Cf. 850.
Liverpool, Nov. 20—Evening,—Cotton firm;
middling upland, 9 1-2o; Orleans, 9 3-4a9 7-8o;
sales, 15,000; speculation and export 5,000; red win
ter wheat, Us 9d. Flour, 35*305. Cheese, cos.
Cumberland middles. 345; short rib, 39a. Petro
leum— Retinod, 17aa17 i-2s. Clover seed, 60s.
Axnv'BEp, Nov. 20.—Refined pctroleum r 4SB.
Wevr Tsrk Eire' Stock market.
Nbw York. Nov. 20.—Total bcovet, 8,750, with
5.400 to-day; 339 cars at Commuuipaw, 109 at One
Hundredth street, and 50 at Weebawkea. Stock
arrived lata. Weather warm, with rain, making
a very unsatisfactory market. Droves had coat
high, and-the owners fought against a decline,
but were forced to yield, half a cent at the close,
and bad much stock left at night, The bulk of
the sales were nearly up to last week’s
prices. average quality was good,
many droves being fine. Tfds prevents low quo
tations. A few pairs of very. fine, cattle brought
13c, but U Wo is a high quotation for choice
slock. Not many of the really superior
exceeding 110, with fair to good at Ift l-2allc. A
few Texans were sddat rs-4C. Butchers offering
7Wc for lots of 5 3-4 owt. The market averaged
strong at ipi-ac; scars Hlinois steers, 61-2 owt.
sold loc; 10 bars 7 cwt., lOall l-20. Dot thin 5 i-a
cwt.; Kentucky, 9 i-ao; 4 cars fine 8 1-a owt. Ken
tucky, Ual2l-se.
Sheep—2s,6oo total, with 13,000 to-day. Market
dull and weak, .eillug at a alight decline, with
l-2o off on lambs, the best going at 7 l-2c; thfn at
6c. Sheep 4 X-2a5 8-to; few extras at 6c; and 1 car
very choice, av. 126 lbs, Ohio, at 65-Bo;i car of
Ohio lambs, av. CO lbs. at 6o; X oar. B*-lb sheen, at
61-40. Many wore unsold.
Bogs—Receipts, 49,700, of which 15,000 arrived
for the present market, nearly all to be first killed
and then sold; dressed hmnght 53-4asc In a
Philadelphia Lire Black Market,
PHitiJDBUHU, Nor. 2ft.—Beeves—Moderately
active tils Week, and prices lower; sales, 2.300*.
extra Pennsylvania and Western steers at si-aa
7o; fair to good, ki-2aeo; common. 4a50 porlb.
Sheep—Firmer; sales. 15,000 at sase per lb.
Hogs—Firmly held; sales, 4,300 at |6.60a7.00 per
cwt. 1 1
Wew York Dry Gsodi market*
New Yohk, Nov. 30.—The dry goods market Is
dull, but prices are well maintained for all staple
fabrics. We quote: 404nch Dwight Star shoot
ings; 141-2 C; Nashua E, 14 l-2o; do R, 12 l-2o ;do
0,12 c; .Badillo extra, 'l2l-2e Laconia 9-4 sheet
ings, 32 l-2r tin 10-4 do. 37 l-2c Mv-rlo Rfver and
Mweeaubusoiie ah uuo, u i-io i Aiuoakoag brown
drills, 14o; do bleached do, 15c: Bates* XX
bleached muslin, 38c: do OS do, iTo; Ballou
80n,131-2o; do 80-inch do. U l-2o; Chapman X,
12J-2c; Dwight cambrics, 18o; do Star do. l5o;
Fruit of Loom, 370; Gola Medal do, Ho: Hills’
Semper Idem, ICo; HolloweU Q, J3c; Lonsdale,
17c; do cambric. 23 l*2o; Lyman j cambric,
21 l-2c, and Sprague’s fancy prints, Ul-20.
Teasels Passed Detroit.
Detroit, Nov. 20.—Passed Up—Props Mohawk,
Empire State, Oneida, Fiske; harks J. P. March,
Naiad: schrs Gallatin, Milan, James Norris. Mar
garet Dale. Lewis Day, Bigler. N
Passed Dottk—Prop Hackctt and barge; bark
James Joy; schr Morning Ligtrt.
IV ind—Southwest,
Detroit, Nov. oo—Op. m.—Passed Up—Barks
Mary Merritt, Parana, Summer Cloud; schrs
Donaldson, Gibson.
Passed Down—prop Colorado.
Wend—Southwest.
Buffalo Lit* Stack market.
Buffalo, Nov. 20.—Hogs—Receipts, 12.090:
market quiet and prices lower; sales to-day,
8 346 at $0.87 l-2a4.35 for medium to good. Nut all
sold.
The Prodace Bfarkets.
Milwaukee.
Milwaukee, Not. 20.—Breadstufts—Flour
dull extra, $5.7005.83; medium, 95.90 a
6.15; choije State, $6.2506.65; city. 96.00a6.50.
Wheat firm; No. 1,11.25, summer receipts; No. 2
firm at $1.20 l-2a1.20 3-4, summer; $1.211-2ai.21
8-4, winter. Quotations hereafter will be based
on winter receipts. Oats quiet; No. 2,330. Com
dull; No. 2,44 i-20. Bye Arm; No. 1/ 631-20. Bar
lev steady; 64c.
QLits Hogs—Qule* att5.60a3.85.
Provisions—Fair demand but lower; in css
pork, $12.23;. short rib, 6 i-io seller. December;
Bulk shoulders, 4 l-8o; hams plain, To.
Freights-iic to Buffalo; iso to Oswego.
Receipts—Flour, 5,000 brls; wheat, 48,009 bu.l
L Shipments—Flour. a.oOOibrls; wheat. 21,000 bo.
NEW YORK,
New York, Not. 20.—Coitok—Firm; mid
dling upland, 18 3-40.
Brmadstcffs—iiour dull and lower: receipts,
35.000 brls; superfine Western and State, 95.96a5.90;
common to good, 96.45a6.70; good to choice, 96.70 a
7.25; white wheat extra. 97.30a7.50; extra Ohio.
16.70a7.30; St. Louis, 96.90a9.25. Rye flour and
com meal unchanged. Wheat dull and unset
tled; 76,000 bu; No. 1 epnar,
11.68 No. 2. 9x.eia1.55; latter for choice Mil
waukee; winter red Western, $3.60a3.62; amber.
91.63ai.64; white, $1.6Ta1.75; choice amber In
diana, 91.67. Rye dull; Western, 940. Barley
lower: Canada West, 91.15 Western in store,
96e. Malt dull. Corn scarce and firm; receipts,
61.000 bu; Western mixed in store, 78a78i-2o;
afloat. 79a80o; new, 7Ta7Bc. Oats Arm; receipts,
88.000 bu; Western and Ohio, 53053 1-20.
Hors—Unchanged.
Grocskum—Coffee firm; Rio, 16 3-3 alB 3-40.
Sugar Arm; fair to good refined, 9a9 l-40. Molas
ses dull. Rioe firmer; 8 l-4090.
Egos—Firm; 32a350.
Petroleum—Crude, is i-4e: refined, 23 l-4n
22 I-2C.
Tcrpkxtixb—Steady at 67 l-2a6So.
Total Stock op Grain—Wheat, 902.000 bur
cotu. 600,000 hu; oats, 390.000 bu; malt, 11,000 bttr
barley, 112,000 bu: rye, 103,000 bu.
Provisions— Pork dull: mess. $15.00a13.20. Beef
and cut meats unchanged. Middles steady; long
clear, Baßl-io; short, 8 5-saß 3-10 for January,
8 l'Baß l-4c. Lard dull; No. Ito prime steam, 9a
9 l'2o; kettle, 9 3-4o; December and January,
9 l-2c.
Burrs* akd Cub bsb—Unchanged.
Whiskby—Steady at 94c.
NEW ORLEANS.
New Orleans, Not. 20.— Breadstupps—Flour
firmer; superfine, $6.50; double extra, $7.25;
treble extra, 7.50. Corn quiet and 'weak:
mixed and yellow, 70o; white, 720. Oats quiot at
63a56c. Bran scarce and firm at $1.31.
Hat—Scarce and firm. Prime, $36.00; choice,
$38.00.
Provisions—Pork dull; ness. $14,50. Bacon
dull. Shoulders—clear rib, 81-4 0 clear sides,
81-4aß 340. Lard dull; tierce, 93-40; keg,
lie.
Groceries—Sugar—Demand fair, easier; inferi
or, 6a6 i-2c common to good common, 6 l-2a 7 l-2c;
fair to fully fair, 8ai0o; piiroo to choice, 10 i-4a
113 Bc. Molasses lu fair demand and easier; in
ferior, 2Sa 35c; common, 32 l-4a4oc; fair, 42a460;
prime to choice, 47a520. Coffee dull*; low fair, 18
a2Bl-2®; good, 18 5-Bal9c prime, 19 l-4019 3-40.
Monetary— Sterling, 120 5-8; sight, 1-8 per cent
discount; gold. 111 1-4.
Cotton—Moderately Retire; sales 6,600 bales;
good ordinary at 17 3-Bal7 3-4o; low middling,
17 7-Sals i-4c; middling, 18ai8 3-Bc. Receipts,
91.189 bales. fExrorts—To Liverpool. 2,184 bales;
Havre, 3,‘icc bales; coastwise, 1,379 bales: stock,
200,367 bales.
WHISKEY—9ScaSI.OS.
CINCINNATI!
Cincinnati, Nov. 20.— Curro.v—Firm; law mid
dling, 17 1-4017 3-BC.
Bkeadstcffs—Flour steady; family, $&75a«.90.
Wheat steady at $1.42a1.45. Corn steady; no v, 44c;
old, 60c. Ryo dull and drooping at 7ea780. Oats
steady at 36ai0c. Barley steady at 70a850.
Oils—Unchanged.
Eggs—Scarce and firm at 30c.
Buttbu and Cheese— Quiet and unchanged.
Clover Seed— Higher; choice Indiana, Ua
11 l-4c on arrival; Ohio, 10 l-2a 10 3-40.
Provisions —Pork —Full prices asked, and no
demand; old, $12.75; new,sl3.oo. Lard dull and
lower sales prime steam at 8 5-Bc. Bulk meats
dull and drooping; shoulders, 5a5 l-4o clear rib
sides, 6a6 l-4o; clear. 6 3-4 C. Bacon duU and lower;
clear rib, 6 7-8&70; clear, 7 l-8a 7 l-40.
Hogs—Quiet and weak, closing at $3.90a4.20; re
ceipts, 12,000 head.
Whiskey—Steady at 880.
PHILADELPHIA.
Philadelphia. Nov. 20.—Breadstuffs— Flour
steady; Wisconsin and Minnesota extra family,
$7.60a8.00; Indiana and Ohio, $7.00a7.50. Wheat
steady; State and Western red. $1.60n1.64. Ryo
steady at 95a96a. Corn less active; old yellow,
75a«6c; new, 60a6Gc; mixed Western, 73a750* Outs
steady; white,ssc; mixed, 53054 c.
pork sella at $15,00a15J5:
petroleum— Crude, 16 l-2o; rofinod»2lo.
WHISKEY—9SC.
CLEVELAND.
Cleveland, Nov. 20.—Breadstuffs— Flour
firm. Wheat steady; No. I red winter, $1.43; No.
3. $1.97. Com steady; old held at 67a58c; now,
shelled, 650; ears, 610. Oats, freely offered at 400
—390 bid.
Petroleum—Refined steady at 21a31 l-2c: car
lots, 22a23 l-3o in a small way; crude, $*.0005.00.
TOLEDO.
Toledo, Nov.2o.—Breadbtuff9—Flour doll and
unchanged. Wheat dull, and a shade lower; No.
3 white Wabash, #1.47; white Michigan extra,
li.M; amber Michigan, $i.42 3-4a1.43; No. 1 red,
$1.41; No. 3 rod, 1.331-3; No. 3, $1.30* Corn dull,
and a shade lower; high mixed, sio; new, 621-4 a
521-2o; low mixed, Mo; new, 511-2a020; yellow,
new, 62 l-2c; white, 630. Oats dull; No. 1, 370;
rejected, 3tc.
Freights— Firm; to Buffalo, 6a5 l-ao; Oswego,
lOulio; Ogdensburgh, llai2o.
Becsiits—Floor, 3,000 brls; wheat, 9,00Q btt*
corn, 08,000 bu; oats, 1,000 bn.
Shipments—Flour, 2,ooobrls; wheat,s4,ooo bu*
com, 02.000 bu; oats, 2,000.
BT, LOUIS.
St. Louis, Not. 20.—Cotton quiet at 171-20.
Beeadstuffs—Flour scarce and firm; fop low
and medium grades superfine winter, $5.50a5.75,
held high extra, $5.90a6.25; XX S6.M. Wheat dull
and lower, No. 3 red, $i.40a1.4L Corn actiro and
higher; mixed on track. rv»jiaw Wo.
<s ooa ilCluuna; No. 2.30 1-20, Barley firm,
Tso, strictly prime spring. Rye higher, 7ia«so*
S, III6KEY, 69 1-20, small lots.
aKO visions—Pork lower; small lots of old at
$13.25a1d.50; dry salt meats* jobbing and or
der lot s, 10 to 20 days in salt, shoulders, 5 l-2a60;
clear rib, 0 l-2a6 3-4 c; clear, 6 3-4alo. Bacon dull;
order lots shoulders, 7 5-8 c; clear sides, 7 3-40.
Lard easier at 8 l-4aßl-20.
Hogs—Firm at $3.80a4.i5.
Good to choice scarce and firm at SI.OO
Receipts—Flour, 7,000 brls; wheat, 23,000 bu:
corn, 12,000 bu oats, 11,000 bu rye, 6,000 bus
barley, 3,000 bu; hogs. 6.790 head.
BUFFALO.
BujrALO,Nor. 20.—Breadstuffs—Floor steady,
wheat inactive, nominally unchanged. Corn
dull; sales 3,500 bu now Western at G3c. Onto in
fair demand; sales 32,000 bu No. 2 Western at 43c
Barley ilrm; No. 2 Western, T3o.
MFKEiCBTS-Finn.
_ baxtimore.
Baltimore, i>ov. 20.—Brbadsttjffs—Flour
firm; Western family 17.62a8.60. Wheat Ann: am
ber ll.80ul.88; red good to prime $2.tfa2.75 com
mon to fair $1.45a1.60.UC0rn dull; mixed Western
71a72c, Oats steady at 60a£40. Ryo firm at 90ca
SI.OO.
Provisions and Butter—Unchanged.
Wuisket—Quiet at 94 l-3a950.
HEBANKS—STEWART—At tho resilience ot
Henry Town. Esq., Nor. 20,1371, hr th® Her. Florence
McCarthy, Thou. H. BcbauJta and Kittle Stewart, both
ot this city. No cards.
CF*Venuont papers please copy;
DIED.
FOBSMAN—Nov. IS, Joseph A. Foreman, aged 52
years and l month. 6
Funeral at his residence, 420 West Jaokson-at, Tues
day, Nov. 21, at 10 o’clock.
UARBISON—At 251 Fortiner-st, In this city, on the
morning of Nov. 20, Captain Joseph W. Ramson, lata
of tho schooner W. H. Willard.
Funeral will take place Wednesday/N0r.22, at 111-2
o clock a. IU- Service at Um oiiwuiitnc
ton-ftt., corner Peorta. at 12 m.; theacohy train to Rose
lull. Friends of the family and members of the LO.
O. F. are invited to attend.
PROPESSIONAIi.
llim’sEiMliofl,”
FOB
Catarrh and Throat Disease.
Practiced in this country only by S. C, PRATT, M,
D. (late of Boston), Physician, Author and Lecturer.
PEOFESSIONAX/BOOatS,
No. 233 W. Washlngton-st., Chicago.
Reception hours from 10 to 12. and 2to 4.
SOCIETY MEETINGS*
Attention, Sir Knights!
There will be a stated conclave of APOLLO COM
MANDBRY. No. 1, K. T., this Tuesday evening, at
7 i-2 o’clock, for business, at the tmU of Homo Lodge,
No. 506, A. F. A A. M., corner of Cottage Qrove-ar,
and Twenty-thlrd-at. Byorder of the Commander.
E. N. TUCKKR, Recorder.
A MEETING
Of the First Unitarian Society will be
held in the Church of the Uesaiah, Tues
day evening, 21st inst., at 7 1-3 o’clock.
Business of special importance to bs
considered. A attendance is desired;
By order of the Trustees.
GEO. W. MONTGOMERY,
Chicago, Nov. 16,1871. Secretary.
GENERAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
Notice is hereby given that the undersigned have
been appointed private Receivers ot all the property,
funds, and effects of the Great 'Western Lithographing
Company. All persons indebted to, or holding in their
possession, anv property of said company, .are re
quested to render an account or deliver such property
to William J. Haller, 17 hlilwankeeav., Chicago, 111
All creditors of said company are requested to present
their demands at said office os soon aa possible.
FEED. A. WaIUNBR,
PFTER HAND,
WILLIAM J. H iT.T.VU.
Chicago, Nov. 19,1871*
I. O. O. jp.
Mcmbersof Union Lodge, No. 9, are herebv nottSM
to meet at their balh corner Randolph and Clinton
na .on Wednesday, Nov. 22, at 10 o’cockim »a
itson! 110 of our late brother. Joseph W.
ttooß BRiyiS A AULIiR, N CU
INSURANCE.
UNDOUBTED
INDEMNITY
MILLER BMW’S
Insurance Offices,
No. 472 Wabash-av.,
AND
No. 70 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
COMMERCIAL UNION
Of Liondon,
Assets over $10,000)000
ARCTIC OFN. Y.,
Assets over $300,000.
ADRIATIC OF N. Y.,
Assets over 300,000.
FIREMEN’S FUND,
Of New York,
Assets over $200,000.
The foregoing Com
panies having had no
agencies at Chicago
before the fire, are
prepared to offer UN
IMPAIRED MATE
RIAL for the PRO
TECTION of proper
ty-owners in our city.
APPLY DIRECT to
MILLER DREW,
No. 472 Wabash-av.,
OK
No. 70 South Canal-st.
«n.
HUM. TROUT CD.,
of Philadelphia,
Havqnow Is stock for the accommodation of tho Chi
cago Jobbing Trade, a 101 l lino of
Hoods, Nubias, Scarfs,
JACKETS, HOSIERY, GLOYES,
AND
Shirts and Drawers,
Which wq offer at Eastern prices, and deliver goods
from stock at
NO. 529 STATE-ST.
BED CLOTHING
BED CLOTHING.
ItOOO Bed Comforters,
SOO Feather Pillows,
Which will be sold at a great
bargain.
D. SEWBEBCEB,
04 and 66 West Bandolph-st.,
corner of Clinton. Samples seat
C. O. I>.
FOR BALE,
BRICK.
Commission Merchants,
ESTABLISHED 1863.
Wo have eight (8) car-loadsof very handsome Bricks
for sale, on railroad track, cheap. Call immediately
on MUbSELWHITE CO., Commission Merchants,
17 West Lake-st.
P. B.—Consignments of all kinds of Produce and
Brick solicited. References: Second National Bank,
Chicago; Coldwater National Bant, CoMwater, hlicb.
Men’s Socks.
300 doiea conn try knit socks for sale very cheap at
64 and 66 West Bandolpb-st, comer of Clinton.
DAVID HBWBUBG.
Crockery,
CHEAP FOR CASH,
721 Statc-st., Chicago.
BRICK.
FOr sale in quantities to suit purchasers. Con bo
Been on cars at comer of Twelfth and Clark-ata.
J. F. SCANDAL. 164 West Adama-st
Bvscnas gauds.
ToVattUers.i
Z have returned from the East, and am now ready,
to fill orders as usual Same terms and prices.
JOHN C. ASIILEMAIV,
NOTICE.
To Architects, Builders, and Men
In the Trade,
Tte Mechanics’ and Hanafactnreis’ Enanesj
j Eichauge'
Is now located at No. lit South Clark-st, where an
open Board for men In the building trades will be held
every day. This is an institution which has bean long
needed-In the city. Parties wishing- to build, ana
those taklng’contracts, should call and examine into
the workngs of the institution.
T. ROBERTS, Secretary.
Old No.,l3o)LaaaUe-st. J
TURKISH BATHS.
385-WASASH-AV.
Hr. BROWN haa enlarged and lefltted tla Baths.
7 are convenient and in Up-tep order. Hourste
todtea iyn. to Ip. m. Honrs fro gentlemen:'rto.
WILLOW-WARE.
•SKSSSSiStt
good assorted stock, on the same place. wuna
J. LEHMANN,
Li——i aiaatato^t.
TINDEHWEAR.
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR.
■We have opened a foil- line of Ladles'. Gents’, and
Chfldren’sßrislery, and Underwear of the best Preach,
English, andCormaa manufacturers.;
i assortment of newest styles Gents*
Furnishing Goods, which wo offer at the lowest prices.
Ji a 1 shows CO.,
@64 West Sxftii»au-st.
NEW BOORS.
COBB, iiiws k ca„
WHOLESALE ASD HETAIL
BOOKSELLERS
And Statieaers,
No. 469 Wabash-av., Chicago.
AND
241 Snperior-sl., flereland, 0.
ATe offer to the Western trade a large atd
well-selected stock of
Christmas Goods,
Consisting In part of
HcLangblln’s Colored Toy Books.
Harding’s Bibles,
Harding’s Albums,
Lee 4 Shepard’s JuTenUei,
Honledge’s Ulnmlnated Poets,
Kelson’s English Juveniles,
English Linen Toy Books,
English Bibles and Prayer Books,
Henry A. Young’s Juvenile Sets,
Leavitt 4 men Bros.’ Holiday Books,
Sheldon 4 Co.’s Juvenile Sets,
Standard Authors, in fine bindings.
Illustrated Annuals,
Bed Line Poets,
Jas. B. Osgood 4 Co.’s Publications,
Eoberts Bro’s* PnbUcatlons,
Harper 4 Bro’s. Publications.
And a fall supply of
Chatterbox,
Children’s Friend,
Infant’s Hagazine, and
Little Folks.
COBB, ANDREWS C 0. T
469 Wabash-av.
CRT GOODS.
CHAS.GOSSAGE&CO.
We are making large daily ad
ditions of choice goods in every
department* enabling ns to offer,
at all times, a very complete
and carefully selected stock of
fresh goods at former low prices,
to which we would can especial
attention.
Orders for our Cloak and
Dressmaking Departments will
receive the same prompt and
skilful attention as heretofore.
33S andS37
WEST niASISON-ST.
DRY GOODS!
DRY GOODS!
The old and well-known establishment ot
DAV. NEWBURGER,
64 and 66 West Bandolpb-sL, corner Clinton*
Is now completely filled with the BESTVASSORTitD
slock ol
Dry Goods, Carpets, and Oilcloths,
to be found In the city, and at the LOWEST PRICKS-
Please call and examine.
64 and 66 West Rsndolpli.st., corner Clinton*
REVENUE SALE.
ISTEIAI trai COUIIM’S
s A J i
OF THE DISTILLERY PREMISES
THOMAS EOLIHAN CO.
By virtue of a -warrant Issued November 9.1871, on
der the hand and seal of Herman Raster, Collector of
Internal Revenue for the Pint District of HUnoia,
and to me directed. In favor of tho United States oC
America, against Thomas Hollhan and George T. Bur.
roughs (composing the Urm of Thomas Knliimn Ca)
for taxes assessed against the business of said firm mm
distillers, for the month ot August, A. D. 1571, and
amounting, with the penalty added thereto, to tha
sum ot eleven thousand one hondred and thirteen dol
lars and hity cents (RU.H3.fiO) remaining delinquent
and unpaid, I did on the 9th day of November. 1871.
distrain the following described property of the salat
firm, to-wit:
171 barrels of alcohol, containing 13,581 13-100 preot
gallons,
313 barrels of highwlnea, containing 30,370 23-100 prtot
gallons.
4SO tons Erie coal, more or lass.
50 bushels malt, more or less.
TOO bushels com, more or less.
2*o bushels rye, more or less.
3560 bushels oats, more or loss.
11-2 bales hops, more or leas.
1 glue ketUe.
3 platform scales.
1 Fairbanks' scales.
1 elevator scales
2 wheelbarrows.
5 grain shovels,
1 grindstone.
A lot mill picks.
Him
1 barrel machine oIL ••w*
1-2 barrel lard oil, more or toss,
Sbungangurs.
I barrels fusil oil, more or lost.
3 sets ales.
l patent die wheel.
S mallets.
1 hammer.
1 patent brand.
1 desk.
2 tables. i
5 chairs.
i office stave and pipe.
1 lamp. 'j
1 safe.
i work horses.
1 grain wagon.
5 manure wagons.
1 express wagon.
3 sets double harness.
8 slop tubs and all other personal property of 'the
sold firm on said distillery premises of whatever mama
or nature.
ALSO the distillery premises of said firm, com
prising a stlll-h ouse. malt-house, fermenting boose,
boiler house, storehouse, grain storehouse, cistern
room, warehouse, grain elevator, barn, foattle shtdiv
and all the buildings, sheds, machinery, apparatus,
and fixtures of every kind and nature in, on, or aboas
said distillery promises.
AND ALSO the leasehold interest of the said arm,
and ot the said copartners lu and to the following
described real estate, to-wit.: Lots (4) four and (5) fir*
in Block (8) eight of Sheffield’s addition to Chicago*
Cook County, Illinois.
Said leasehold interest being a lease of said prem
ises dated August 15,1861, and expiring November 1.
1&78.
All of which said above described property anti
premises, or so much thereof as may bo necessary, un
der and by virtue of the warrant aforesaid, I shall, on
the 4th day of December, 1871, at the hour of u
o’clock In tne forenoon of said day, offer at public ano
tlon, on the said distillery premises, to make the said
sum of eleven thousand one hundred and thirteen dol
lars and fifty cents UU.113.50), together with the costa
and expenses incurred under said warrant.
Terms of sale, cash at time of purchase.
Witness* my hand, at Chicago, this 20 th darof No
vember. h>7i. laAiAH i\ Hu^T.
Deputy Collector.
I*EOAI« NOTICES.
No. 3143,—District Court of the (Jailed
'Htain lor the Northern District of New
Vet-k.
IN BANKRUPTCY.—In the matter ot The Buflilb
Clt j Insurance Company, a Bankrupt.
A'Warrant in Bankruptcy has been issued byeaht
Court against the Estate of The uffiUo City Flro in
eurance Company, of Buffalo, of the County of Erie, of
the titate of New York, In said District, adjudged a
Bankrupt upon the petition of its creditors, ana th*
payment of any debts and the delivery ot any property
belonging to said Bankrupt, to it or to its use, and tha
tranaterof any property oyit, are forbidden bylaw.
A meeting of the Creditors of said Bankrupt, Co prove
their debts and choose one or moro Assignees of tha
Estate, will be held at a Court of Bankruptcy, to ha
holden at Buffalo, in said District, on the lath day of
December, A D. 1071, at 10 o’clock A. SL, at the omca
ot Joseph I*. i’airchild, Esq., one of the Registers ia
Bankruptcy of said Court.
LEVI H. WILLIAMS,
17. S. Deputy Mmrwhat, Messenger.
No, 3,130,-Dbtriet Gonrt at thelJalted
State*) lor tke NsrUtem District of (lew
ITsrk.
IN BANKRUPTCY,—In the matter of tha Western.'
Insurance Company, a Bankrupt.
A Warrant in Bankruptcy bas'been issued byaaid.
Court against the estate of the Western Insurance
Company of Buffalo, of the County of Erie, oftha
State ot New York, in sold District, adjudged
Bankrupt upon the petition of its creditors, and tha'
pajment of any debts and the delivery of any pro
perty belonj ing to. said Bankrupt, to it or totis usa.
and the transfer of any propetty by It, are forbtddSt
by law. A meeting ot the Creditors of said Baakruot.
to prove their debts and choose one or more Assignee*
of its Estate, will be held at a to
be holden atßuffalo, in said District, on the l-ith dav
Of December,'A. D. 1871, at 30 o’clock A im, at tha
office of Joseph Xu Fairchild, 'Esq.. one of thA
Wra in. Bankruptcy of said Court:
WILLIAMS.'W
United States Deputy Messenger.
NO. 8141.—DISTRICT COURT OP THE OICITHD
States, for the Northern District of New York.
IN BANKRUPTCY.—In the matter of The Buffala
Eire and Marino Insurance Company, a Bankrupt*
A Warrant in -Bankruptcy has been issued by saw
Court against the Estate of The Buffalo fire and Ma
rino Inauxanca-Company. of Buffalo,
Erie, of the State of Now Ycwfc fo said
judged a Bankrupt upon the petition of u»
and the payment of any debts and the dehTery ofony
r^T^T?^iinn»?mrtosald Bankrupt, to itQF to 16a
law Ameetlagot the creditors of aald Rank*
Setedebta and choose one or mom
Estate, wUI be-held at a Court of
BM#rau?cv to be holden at Buffalo, in said District,
SfiSmaday of December, A. D, isn, at 10 o’clock
at the office of Joseph L. FairchUO. Esq., eno of
£eiJe ß U.o«i a ß^Pt S ,^Con aiAiig(
U. S. Deputy itanl
PBOPOSAI&
PROPOSALS FOR FRESH BEEF.
Office Purchasing C. S.. 560 Wabash I
Chicago, UL, Not. 15,1871. J
Sealed proposals. In duplicate, wm be received at
tbiH office until 11 a m,, Saturday. Decembers!, 1371.
lor furnishing the Fresh Beef inquired by the Sub
sistence Department at, vuis station., during
six months; commencing January l.'iS7t fu formation
as to conditions, quality of beer, payments, etc., can
be obtained by application to
R. hfAC-ChAij Aa
3