6
ARCTIC DISASTER.
TLiily-llsrce Whalers Jammed and
Crushed by Icebergs.
Twelve Hundred Seamen Ship-
wrecked.
They Succeed tu Reaching the
Opcu Sea.
Twecty-tcven Thousand Parrels of Oil
lost
A Party of the Unfortunate Mariners
Pass Through Chicago.
A portion of tho officers and crows of
the Uurty-threo whaling vessels lost among
the icebergs of tbc Northern Pucllio Ocean
arrived in Chicago on yesterday, cn route
for their homes on the Koar England sea
board. The party numbers llfty-one persons, in
cluding a lady, and a boy about 12 years old, the
wife and son of one of tho Captains. They left
San Francisco one week ago this morning, com
ing over tho Central end Union Pacific Railroads,
tho officers of which showed them every con
ceivable kindness and attention, transporting
them at half rate*, and, at the same time, supply
ing them with the best accommodations tho road
afforded. At Omaha they took tho Burlington
hlhsouti River Riilroud, und then the
Chicago, Burlington Quincy, receiving
the same degree of generous favor and
attention from the officers of these road?. Tho
crews represent nearly every nationality on
earth, including German, Irish, Portuguese, Span
ish, French, English, American, etc.; and they are
certainly a splendid-looking body of men—bluff,
burly, weather-beaten, hardy, intelligent son* of
the sea. They all seem to consider themselves
extremely fortunate in having escaped tha“ Ico-
Fiend" without too loss of a single life, andaro
naturally toper to reach their wives, children,
andfrimds. in New England, from whom they
have been separated from ouo to four years.
They* left last night, at S:l3, on the Pittsburgh.
Fort Wavne A Chicago .Railroad. In a splendid
palace sleeping car, especially provided lor their
McTorthv ihc officers of the road, who, like
an the others whose route? they have passed
over, have overwhelmed lln-xti wltu llburahty and
courteous treatment; at which tho seafaring peo
ple, proverbially distrustful of railroads, have
been mc*st happily disappointed. They express
their gratitude and appreciation In the warmest
terms, and were t* nneiuus in their requests that
our reporter should 44 put It In strong’* ab »ut tho
railroad companies. On the strength of the posi
tive assurance that this should bo done, several
of them requested that copies of this morning's
TRIBUNE ho "shipjtea** to their respective iid
diesaes in New lsedfo.il. New Loudon. Vineyard
Haven. tc. They expect te arrive at home by
to mouow night. _
From one ot tin? party our reporter obtained a
copy of the San Fruiit-lsfo AlUt Californian* eon
taming lull account of toe disaster in which
they were the sufferers. From this report we
make the following extracts:
From the Alta, Nov. 6.
The etci-nu-ldp’Mc&en Tayh r. whicii arrived bore yes
terday, bru-ghi iuw» that a bed of thirty-three wind*
ing TCR-tis vas avia eked in the Polar bea ufid aban
doned by the masters, cHirrrs and crews. She hod on
tK-ard twenty masters *1 the Ist vessels, the others
Laving nmsiDi dln 11« uobUu. Wo give very fall par
ticulars et the dh-aster, taktn fr*-m tne Hawaiian (»o
zeUeot tlie 241h ult., civon to that paper by some of the
matbTsof vesula. The following adilltinnal partlca
•Urb have b< en c-blsim. d Xicm Captains* Kelly and U wen.
BCi.NL OF TH»; WltbCK.
The pcene of the wreck,ns t-*ken from tho chart nsed
by tliete<t,lßsituabdasfilli)v\B: The must uait.Vrlv
wltohr, the Bumitu, stood7o deg. W min. north, ami l 0
dog.» min. went: the nne-t southerly st-NxlTO d.-g. 35
xmiu ncilh. BUtl IJO dog. west. The lleet stood in in a
mnlhoasterlv lino, sbghllv c..iviil. and was anchyr- d
Vitw'MU P< fid Hilcber math and Point Marsh south.
Huy wen- iu s-.me cases five abreast. iMt usitadv lot
nu-ic than thi ce. Tiny stood at nttciior In a strait, h iv.
leg to the w« 1 1 the «is u Polar Kea. and ut U»o e t.-t the
P.etwiin the llt-» t ami the shore, was a uarr.nv
khf-el, miming the b-npth tho strait, and between
tills *>nfl tlie shore was a ©tream of navigable water.
A!tcrcxpi:l-« ringuotliing unusual ou the voyage.
thefievL cm.-:; tb:gf i folly ships, urrivetl »ix mile©
eonth of Iry C»i-e i n tbetili of August This cape Is
Situated"o»leg. 15 u.tu. noriti. and lul deg. west loairi
tmlo. The i*».d vas bloving from tlie inTthev-t,
tilngtng cloa.tj large qiuiiiUties of Icc. In the latter
I*rt 11 the ilav the wind mmlerntwl and the current
wesuonhwist. The ships maunder way and worked
to Blosaoiu i lu-als. i lli atvd TO deg. 20 min. n irtlp aW
1U deg, west, wkere. they found a passage from halt l 5
Ihive-uurlbst! a u ile in width, from tho shore to the
main bedy if ice, thnuigh which theypassciL As limy
rdvanoeu It beu> ue wider, and the tieet kept ascend
ing.
TOR riUFT DIFFICULTY
war? enccnntcrcd rn the lllh of August, when the wind
filiiltod the w«-t. setting tin- ice ou tho shore, and
driving it with great force against tho ahijm. So sud
den was the nu hot ice. that it caught anchors of saute
•hips. cc-tujH Uing tliein to slip their cables and to push
for shore. TTie incidents of note from thi* date uutii
tho Ist of Seplembcr, when the Roman was ennihad.
arc given in the rt from the Hawaii!*;* uazettc, mid
uiitu tl»e fleet was abandoned. The height of tin*
icebergs by which The fleet wsis surrounded on
tlie -VTtTt Fide, and by which the ship*
were presscnl to sboio en tho other, P* given u*
rangicif fioni thiitv five to fUty feet. New ke farunsl
romd-fhc ekips making it cUlficult to roach shore.
TiTca the vessels were abandoned those Icebergs
wctewiiliir seventy yards of them. on*l threalen*!d
the entire fleet with destruction at any moment. The
jarrthiflTi akin, the Roman, when crushed was
boani ab*out 1,2. r /0 p>-rK*uis. incliultog four iaa tiles; vt/iii
were transfcir* dto Ute balance of the fleet, which
stood between Icy bav and Hl«»MU>m Shoal, about sev
enty mll« e»outh. Tiieir ftiiffcriugH wero very great,
bit they were b-»ruc with all tho endurance and nrr
ff«vcxHOC«for which our fishermen are noted. When
those t-bipH w» re reached a Mrong uortliwvst pule
apt an r op, which drove the hlilp* and lec on shor**.
(me or tho fleet whhh left for Honolulu, the bark
C3mncv, of Sydney, had nut arrived when the Mosos
Taylor left. She had on board the ct e-v -of the Oliver
Crocker and men from other ves. cH. She was in
sight for two days, but before reaching Herhing’s
Straits abo di.«niqn*arcd. The men are at a loss to ac
count fot her absence. She was a slew sailer, but they
are of Opinion that she should have arrived in Hono
lulu before ther left, if all went vvell with her.
TUK NATIVES—TI’KV PREDICT TUB DISASTER,
Nearly abrrett of the feet, ami not far distant from
Point Belcher. are several huts ami underground re
cesses occuried hv natives Ksouinioiix, and there are
several little Tillages along tho line occupied by the
fleet. In the interior tin* natives are quite numerous.
Tlie Masters of the vessels report Hint thev will vxperi
race prefit dls-trnss this winter, ns they spentmn*t of
their time visiting the fleet to obtain trinkets and other
articles. Tlu-y bad but lit tie slewed aw ay for the win.
lor supply. They gave the men very useful assistance
iu remuting their previsions and supplies from the
wrecked licet- Captain Kelly says tho CliiiTs wife
made for himutdrcplng.br.;: of fox-sLins.nlsomocea-lns
and deerskin main m sleep on. Th*y gave tlie u all tho
Baristas***** hi ilwir janvor, but they bad not quite din
cptH-cn-d inm the scene i-f the wn*ck until th** obliging
names had bonded thoshlpsand commenced plunder
ing than. Thev were seen passing Nineo' er the sides
of tlie veas l Ik iuto their canoe?*, and carrying off every
thing portable.
"When the lieet first nnivrd In the Strait, the natives
told the Masters they would fate badly; thit the
wind, width was sure to come, would drive tho Ice
apt iiiot the vessels r.nd wreck them. No notice was
wkni of this friendly wrndng.of cunr*p; but the pre
diction cf the natives was carried out to the letter.
Ihb Masters who arrived bore yesterday are of opin
ion tliat tho entire Hoot has become a total wreck.
it;odai!l.f. los* or Lin:
Tho. bark Oriole, linys, Mnster, owned by E. C.
Jones. of New Ht tUcid, was stove tn by ice In the
month of June, and was abandoned at Plover Hay,
where she wt nt to repair. On the 3d of August Cup
tain Hays left Plover Day in a schooticr of forty tons,
to Intercept tho trader All Jackson, from this port to
Notion Form!: since "which timo he lias not been
heard from. Captain Barker, of tho wrecked bark
Japan, winwith him; -he has not been heard from
rillicc,*at>‘tT,otLlng has-been heard of tho achoooor,
AS the All Jackson arrive*! In San Francisco some
time ago, it is gunoosed that the schooner was lost, or
that i*be rixii asfior© at some unfrequented point.
Tbosoacqtuilutcd with tho alUiTe where it Is probable
the schooner struck 'think the men on board mast
have .died of atarvaUon, If They have not been
drowned.
TftTAI. LOSS —VALUE OF CARGO.
Tlu roTrcrr thirty-three vessels abandoned, and It Is
believed by thcMadcrs that they wero ail dcstruved
in a low daw. It is estlraatcdthat tho fleet ba«fnn
board -IWW narrcls of whalo oil and I,K« barroli of
aperm, which is valued at about $319,009. They had on
board abont tSO.WX) worth of bone. The total loss of
vessels and cargo will bo over sl,'*o,ooo.
Tlio Masters nay the season promised to be tho bast
they had had for many years. Tho catch mado was
principally before tho season commenced. They ex
pected the season would have yield*d of
oil and 20.000 pounds of bone for each-vessel. The
Masters avion that thev aro the losers, bo
uun) they lom tlicir proportion of the earo.h and were
notimrared.
TUK CAPTAINS RKLTCTANTI.Y ABANDON THEIR
VESSELS.
Tlx; following document w«« drawn up and signed
by all thoMabtiib nf the wrecked ships:
Point belcher, arctic ocean,
_ HenL 12, isri. J
snow all men by these presents, that we, the tmd *r
fcjnMl, masterK <u whalesbips, now lying at Point Bel
cher, after holding a meeting concerning our dreadful
situation, have all *H>mc*lo theconclmUou tiiat oar shins
cannot be pot out this year, and there being no harbor
tliat we can gel our vea-ela into, and not having nro
vtblona enough to feed our crews to exceed thr*o
nionthfi, and being in a barren country where there Is
neither foed or fuel to be obtalueil. wo feel ourselves
under (he painful necessity ol abandoning oar vossela
and trying to work our way south with our boats, and.
if poMdl/'e. to get on bounl ol slaps that are south of
the Ico. We tlunk It would uni be prudent to leave a
single soul to look after our vo-aels, as tho first west
erly gale* w 111 crowd tho loc ashore, and cither crash
the elilps or di Ive them high upon the beach. Throe of
the fleet Lave already b«»ui crusho*!. and two are now
lying how oul which have been crushed by the 1c.%
ana aie leaking badly. W’o have now fivewreckoil
cn wa distribated among ua. We have barely room to
swing at anciior betw<*«n tho pack of Ice and tlu
beach, and ore hing In throe fathoms of water.
Should wo bo ca>=t upon the beach, it woold be at least
eleven months before wo could look for assistance,
and In all prcbabllity nine out of ten would die of
starvation 'or scurvy before the opening of spring.
Tltcrolnro wo have arrived at these conclusions—after
fhoxvtnrn of oar expedition under command of Cap
tain D. li. Frazer of tho Florida, ho haring with
whaleboats worked to tho southward aefaros Blos
som fcboala, and found that the ice pressed ashore the
entire distance from our position to tho Shoals, Icav
log in'several places only snffleient depth of water
lor oar boats to pass through, and thla llable at any
moment to be frozen over dnrmg the twenty-four
hours, which would cut off our retreat even by tho
beats, as Captain Frazer had to work through a con-
Bidorotde quantity of young ice, during his expedl-
Whith cut up hla boats badly.
v ABANDONED.
Ton. Jfcutcr*. JDctc Silled..
Gonoordia Jones Dec. 7 1857'
gayiirod-.. —jm qicoxj o^ii;ilra
OOOifeO .......Osborn Aar un&iS
JdAwmrtiUKetta- Mitchell Julv laißm
Contest Ml Owens
Kavy*. -412 Bouldry Ocu rwS
Bcneca* Kelly Oct
Beiodcer. LovSana oot. Ttiim
Fanny*... .Wl WlUUma Ju1y21,1533
Jdlmwfllfi* 3&T Dean Nov, 9,1*39
Flnlly Morgan* 865 Dexter Nov. 10.1868
Henry Taber* .296 Packard Oct. a, IMS
KUzabdh Swilt* -327 BUren July 21, is^
Oliver Crocker*..>—..3os FUher July 1, ism
Fnrmla* —315 Nyo Sep. 11, isss
AwartmnkAV. Norton Ocb ib, hco
TiVDick«»u' V°, r B- !fK
itiKnn* ~.,..337 Alien July 3VH
ivm. Bodi-—: .200 WTiltney Jnlj- issi
Olotnan* _SSS JcmlNPUl Oct 21, ISOS
Frazer April g. isn
Carlottb* 430 Smith Dec. 31, LOT
EdoarUm.
Cliamplon Pease Ang. 14.1W9
Mary 373 Herendccn Oct,- 2,1837
A'cm* London.
J. D. Thompson* .432 Allen July 13,15.T3
Monticrlio- A 57 Williams Nov. 19,1935
Honolulu.
Pait-a
Julisi;
..Cnhela.;
("met. Z Z;
Vci»!s flMljnutoa b>,En »ro
Firm the TTawau&n Oazetto.'Ocz. ?i
Pvt>e ft-ivU lUk hire
Arctic. Caj inn Ti Ipp. we arom receipt of inly rtl*
ik',vs from the whaling fleet lately cruising
In the Arctic Ocean. The prater portion of tho fb<t.
nt.mlcrinpoviT llilrty been cm-flit In tho
Ue and hopol(*6ly crushed, or held eo fat I that they
himto l'e'.baiitluueiL Fortunately. tho weather who
eucn that all luc crews were safely pot on hoard the
vt.-sds wlikh were outside the puck, ultiiougu, tn
semoinManccs.theutniostofpedllion had to ho used
to save life. Jn tho case of tho Roman, ad described
tow»* by one oi the company, tho sight mu-d. liavo been
foj.iliilly interesting. The ilr.e catiyht the ship on each
side, and Ultod tier bodily, keel up. Relaxing the grip
form Instant, the slap scuff'd between the ice Jaws of
the foe, when, coming together again, she wa*t crash
ed like rr rf-g-bcil Into r.t"ins; and, ns the spar-mtUc
re'.axjilit,!' again oceuiTed, the disappear'd, leaving not
a vestige of the lately noble vessel In Bight, r, minutes
fmm the time the icc first closed upon her.
SICEtTION WHETHER \NY Of THE VESSELS CAS
BE SAVED NEST SIRING.
It Is an oven question as to whether any of those
ships w.ltto found, on the return of spring, lun cob
i\'t :en tc be paved It was considered probab’- that la
the Hud northerly gait they would all bo destroyed h v
tl oino\iug heavy lot*. Bcmiloh the native*, who arts
vTunerouH in tho Lcdrhborhcod, would without dolav
t trip them of every dang movable.
ARRIVAL or THE FLEET IN THE ARCTIC.
About the Ist of May, l fi Ti, tho wboL'shlps began to
sirive at the tee south of O »po Thadrteu-. They'io.md
plenty ot ice, ar.cl cl >h jy packed, so that they :n.ulo
lut little hcadwav to Hu* North. Tho wind blow from
the Northeast most of tho month of May. Abmt'the
li-t of Jure 11 e ice opened n*me and let the shins up in
sight of Cape Navanno. Hero five or six whales
taken;.a pood many were heard spouting among tho
heavy ire, but thevaoon left. The tore part of Juno
the winds wort? light and variable, with a pood deal of
£»p. About tho middle cl tho month the ice opened
and the feet pushed to the North. A few whales were
taken rad picked np In tho Anadir Sea. By the time
tlut*hl)w prt to Capo Behring and Plover Bay the
whales had all pa sued through the Straits. Tho bark
Oriole was stove and put into Hover Bay to try and
ui air.
rnr. crew of a wrecked vessel sited.
The fleet passed through Behring Straits between
the Ift Ji and Xlhcf June, acme of themtakingon tourd
the ciew of the Japan, width was wrecked at Caj»e
Erst hut fr-lh Not seeing any whales, and flailing
large qurntltles oi ice,
THE FLEET ENGAGED IN CATCHING WALRUS.
The whole licit now engaged iu catching walrns;
these wen- veis shy and
mer seasons fl>e tioats frequently going fifteen or
twenty mile* in the Ice to get thorn; there was a good
dial of fog In June and July, while they were wairus-
Ing. nr.d :*lso hirpe bodies of ire, the cast shore being
miappi'oariir.ble until Uic very last of July. The latter
paitof Jidv they had some strong wimts from S. E.
end N. E. This broke up the walrus catching, and the
fleet now pushed to N. K, for ley Cape. The Ico bee m
to lUsappeur from tlie east shore south of Cape Lis
limne; the fleet imthe*! on to eastward, tlio main body
of ice being in about the latitude of C*J deg. 10 min. or
15min they followed tho ico into tho cast shore;
they found a clear strip of water running to
N. E. along the land. In tliid clear water they winked
np to within a few miles of Ice Cape, and some of them
anchored, not bt-Imr able to proceed any farther on ac
count of the Ico lying on tlio Blossom Shoals; at this
time the wind was blowing strong from the N. S. lor
several daya.
THE ICL lIiiCKLT PACKED, WHALING PROSECUTED
HOWITVEU.
11(111 bJV.
Cn the other August the wind mo'erated and tho 100
staiKd oil the shoals. Several sbljw got imdcrwayaad
paastd the shoals, and in a few tlays tho most of tho
fleet werrntrth of Blossom ShoaL*. Tho weather was
good here, and they worked to northeast as far as
Wainwilght Inlet; here they found whales, and a imm
ber were taken ul cnee, bnt tho Ico being very heavy
and clonOv packed, a great many were lost, tlie
prnspect l«s)ked verv favorable, and hopes were enter
tained of making a farge seawmV catch. All the ships
either orchonsl or made fast to the heavy ground ico.
Whaling was now can led on bri-kly for several days,
the boats cmirbig among oiienlce. but on tho lithof
Angut-t a large number ot bouts were caught In tho
Ice by the wind shifting and setting the Ico on shore.
BOATS RTOVE IN—THE SHIP* YET SAPK.
Tlie wind was from the west, and tho ships were
obliged to get underway to keep from being Jammed In
the ice. and work in shore under tho leo of the ground
Ice, With considerable diflicnltv they succeeded in
saving their touts by hauling tucra a long distance
over tlie ico,some or them being badly stove »*y so
doing, but thev wen* *aved finally. The ice kepi sot
ting on fhore steadllv, and tho ships kept fleeting into
shoal water to avoid being stove, and some of them
grounded, but were easily got off again. On the lath
the ico r.topped; haring grounded, leaving qn open
strip of water along tho laud as far its Point Belcher.
Boats were kept off wliallng every <lay. They saw and
hemd pit uty <d whales among Uic heavy ice. but ooold
not geitotuemat this time. They had a great de;il of
l«*c ft limes, cleniiiig off for a short time. AH this
time the shin* were'lying safely anchored and tiwl up
to the ice. wiiitii g for it to o|n-n off the laud, as they
exj-tcled it would the first strong uonheast wind that
blew.
a rrrniiT rrougiit of plenty op wiialf-.
In the meantime report-* wore brought of pienl;- of
v bale© being Keen <-fl Son Hone Ishouls, o.u.i Koveral
►lops m nt b« u.h un tlu-ro with orders to ent’-h and cut
the whales o »thr Ice (they carrying ever;tiling ucc
iKsr.iv lor ho doing), and tow the blubber to the *Vp»,
ah tn« re was no chance to get lluire situ thu ships oa
recount <d the Jet* and ahnal water. Four wlule.s were
token in thit, vi.y. after a great deal of Libor un i har t
bi.ip in hb ej Jug out on the cold shore and tuning tao
Ice. uu the2Fli»r Auga-tit blew aatr.mg minneibt
grlo and tho lea «>pvuedand wentotfsli- iv. Od Uo
2T*Lh..d go* d v-oith* r, whales were mum pi *nty, and
am mini-were taken. The ships all g. t uaderivar,
i.d btco*i oHthere and commcnctMl winding every ono
th-nk'i.g the Ice was going eft for g*t*,il. and eveiy oj*.
7 oiun.ity wm* i.d en advaat-v.e ol i catch w*ial w. on
tl e 2-tl, fine wiather and light variable wlmU. f*n
the tt'h, )ij.U .au:hwtKt w;n«bi. which freshen d
tov.atd the hull r end oi t’ie d ly, aetdog tlm ic,.lu
khi»ie h» lari that h* inti f the ships '•'c.v c-ught lu '.hj
1 i ck. Ul.cioet n treated m shu: o alseadof lie Ice
A NUAIHIiIt OP Vi:««r.fiS anchor, the small ice
PACKING l;Oir\l>.
Ibrothor anchored in from three to four fathoms
ol wiat-i, the ice coming in :md the small ice packing
Miuu.d tl*t- skins. J-y Hie strong cunvut rauuing to
tl e LoHluaist. tko laigo heavy il«Ki ice grjtmded in Dm
si od v.at»r Ir.shle cl this the ships la/ or at least f’O
toot cf Hu-iu, and tliose who did not get In kept w.nk*
jrg In os il.iy Lad a chance, lo keep them team be ug
i jcve. At lids time it bigtiß ta snow, ami they had
►e\i jul ttoncH ju;d wirtts from s. 11 N W. Hero
they won tdl juinn.t d cl« so t»»aetlici, some not having
loom to swung clear of each outer.
THI. I*I.SI VK-SsKLS RUSHED IV TOR ICE.
On tl*o Ist of September the bark Rom-m was
etusked ly tl.c ice. si;ts having got e-itght while cut
ting a whale, she (hfitco helples.-ly with tm> ico
as lar an feea Horsu islands, and was there
c-:Vgi t btlwcvn two heavy H«k>s of Ice; ono of
tie ficus was amt a-a iimnuawe tine
ottcvt inl miles intxteiA caa.o uusiiist horfrvm oif
skoie. *rvfJi.rg b, r likn :m i prshell in -to minutes.
She sunk bo-.d foiemost, log uer iui -:zoam.ut a:ol
her Bie*n cut of waUT, theicc having hidd her up until
It siparaUd 'be Capialu. ontcers. amt crew eayupin-j
over tl.o i* c with the b.iats, and saving .asarcely
an'tb'ng excel tthe ib thes t'o-yhad on. Tito crew
were tevcivid cm 1-uard the otiior skips. On tho 2*l
s« ptcmbci, tho biig Comet was cntshtHl in the heavy
fee; her chw were taken on board the other ships,
and caivsl for. it n'»w became ovid.'nt that tho too
•w.«k setting on shote very heavily, t-.e open strip* of
water b* cattle nunowoi every auu uo possible
eheneo l« pvt out. fe* ill uo one thuaght them would
be any dlilienltj* of getting out the first northeast galu.
Ou the t >lt ol *“grouua Ico.
licr crew wetx* also received oa boanl the other ships.
NO SIGNS OF THE ICE OPENING.
As day rfu r day parsed and no signs of tho ico otw*n
inp. llu*5I:ihl« i> of tho ships b*.*can:o nuxiona abaut
the lc*hK time, n> tho sea was passing away. They
wt ro i nwilhng to Itflicve that the ice wonld not go off
shore. :ih to all their former experience* it hart done at
this i:mr of the year. Nothing wonhl be seen but one
in’itlbM’y of Ice off shore as far as the eye coalrt see,
except ih*.* iutm.w strip in shore, which was from 200
yards to ball-a mile v Sde Tho ships were lying. somo
jsnumd iu the ire. and some liLopim water all tho way
Horn I’t‘ln Belcher to two or three miles south of
xialnwritht Inlet. During all this time every one
was anxiously expecting a northeast pale, but iusto id
the wind ceptlnms! from southeast to northwest, ul.
wax slight from southerst and fre-h from southwest.
This hi nt the ice pad* Ing together more closely every
day. *J i:e Misters of the ships niw Ix-ramo seriondy
ni.xiot:* about pelting out of this petiUrns sltujtbSn.
Tlie th.rpvrof their situation waa nppm-nt ta ev.iy
one. r.nd r.s the season was advancing tlicie was pr.vit
nunpr rf bring frozen iu, as the ice was making dully
in tii»- nptii strip of water.
CONST LI A 1 ION or thk captains—attempts made
TO REACH TUK OPES SEA.
Notice was row given. nml a meeting was held by
nil the Master*, in order to concert some measure* for
the mfity el ibeiv crews, in case they found U impos
tlMelo eiiCit] o from their dangerous situation. It was
decided to lighten the brig Kohobi, and to trv to got
bu-iiVor tlie bur ut xvnlnw right Jnl-t, on which there
were avert* six leet ol water. She wjri iiaulcd along
side the (i:nrlr>tte. of San francium, and her oil and
et*»i*r fordt-d en her deck, and she was then found to
dmw mm- f.i tof water. Hovevrr, she was taken
dev u t».i‘cen«i in tho narrow btrlpof open wuut.clo.-o
to the beach, ami an attempt lusuic to get her over the
tde.ul water. This tliev f. tmd tube ItuiKissibie. a* she
dit-w* too much water, and thU w.u» given
up. At the since time un ox|u-dltiou of threo b»ats
vnts fitted out under the command of Cantaiu Frwer,
to go r.ewu tlio ce.ast until thev came to tins open sea,
<um then to try juul tiudany of the ships which ml flit
have pot out of the ice. or kept out. aa It was ku »wn
tJu-ro were seven vfs-eJa to the soutli. Thla was
deemed cxiudient, a» they were arrnld they should
lca\e the east th*-iv find go to tlio westward, and s t c
•mien in icnuianceof the situation nf the rc.it of the
1!»ft. lie Mtccecditl iu finding tho barks
and ships Arctic, Progress, Midas, Dagodu, Cimnce,
Darnel Wcl st«T and Europa. and the Captuius of these
vc-'sels at one,' expressed their willingness to slay and
waltforiheetvwHof the ilistrtystHibbips os loug as
their anchors would hold them.
ANOIULU ATTEMPT PNsUCCESSFCL—PROVISIONS
GETTING SCARCE.
Sl-U hoping the ice would open and let them ont. In
the ir.eai.t me. Captain Bedaeldot the brig Victoria,
tmd to get lua vessel clover the bar by lightening
her. but without succeeding. On the night oftbutth
of FeptnuN-r, tlio weather wan calm, and tho clear
w all rarntini the ship.* froze over, and it Was wit-T
great d.oim.lty thatn whale N*at could be got t.irongh
it. The boats had to be coppered around the bows to
keep the ico irom cutting through tho plank. No time
wa> now lost in sending provisions by tho boats to the
south, a* they wo.ro apprehensive that their retreat by
tlie N-ats might be cut off, audit might be that Uiev
world he obbgt d to travel by Land to where the ships
weie archond. It b**ing well known among every
ship's company tliat there was not provi.
s*crs ccough to last ever three or four mouths
at the most. In case the ships e«CA:»ed from the ieo those
prmislotis could betaken on beamacaln, for all hopel
aga.xiat hope t.» the last. It was hard to entertain any
thoughts of leaving their ships, there being no hatbor
wh* ro they coah! winter, even had they provisions
enough to do. And more, they know that if tho ships
did not get out they would either be crushed or driven
ashore by the Ico tno fin.taorthwcstgalo.
ANUtUER MEETING—EVIDENT THAT THE SUITS
BirST RE ABANDONED.
On the 13th of September another meeting was held
by i!«c Matters, the painful fact baring forced itself
upon tic mind of everyone that, in order to save tho
ltv*sof their crews, they, would have to abandon
.tbrii ships. Nonobat those siraiLarly situated cjuM
tell N»w dlffcult It was for thorn to arrive at this
jialutul ct nrlu-tnc, and lo winter was utterly impos
sible. as :.thrJr jirovlalons would not list oao
tliinlnf the winter, which Is nine months In dur*.
Urn In throe latitudes. And then to what pur.
lo*»o could it be deni', a* tlioao waano place of surety
lor the ships Lad they been in a harbor some of tho
crews might have been loft to lake cn.ro of them, and
keep tho natives from destroying them. But as th-y
lay la the opefi sea, to ©very storm, tho
chant*« wm that they would all bo destroyed by tho
Ico. Vnder these tijing cirmmstancort, they were
forcodloccir e tothoconclußlnnto abandon tho ships
to Ruvo tlicir Fives, and the colors were accordingly sot
i.a agreed ou—i.l the mast-heads—to tfio ships
companies to pet ready to leave on tho nth of Septem
ber. The Mraters *>f the distressed vessels knew if
they were cai-pht by tho bad woatlier, tho chances
i.-en* tliat the v would never get back again, after
being blown ok. Thus, nlUmneh they were re.idv to
stay any length of thno by tlicir ahlps as long as thev
co'ild be suru of a ship to take Uiem off at the last mo
ment, and that llmohkd now arrived, and as every one
regretted leaving their ships, still there was no alter
native.
THE START FOR THE SOUTH—THE SUITS- THERE
REACHED.
Ftamstlon and death awaited them, should they bo
obliged to stay; accordingly, boats wero loaded with
anch provisions and clothing as wore absolutely neces
sary, and by 4 p, tn. rverrahip's comp my had left, and
were on their wav south. As they made their way
down the coast thor found tho Ice much worse th*n
thor had any Idea of, and a great deal of altoal water
besides, so that ovea if they had succeeded In getting
the brig* ever ti eb&rat wftlnwright Inlet, they never
could Lave pot them In the clear water south. At
nieht they camped on tho beach, and at daylight, on
U olfilh, they proceeded on their way to Icy Cape. It
blew, strong from the south, and when they came In
sight ol the ships they found considerable difficulty in
getting off to them, as the beats were loaded deep and
theseampgi-d. Tlie Park* Arctic. Midas, and ITro
gross, lost each an anchor in trying to hold on to take
them on board; they wero very kindly received on
board throe ships—seven in number, as before mention
ed. The beats were cut adrift, as it was Impossible lo
save them, the ships being eo crowded.
TRET TCT INTO PLOVER BAT.
On the ifith, the last boats* crows wero taken on
board, and the wind blowing -strong from tho -north
wrot, they weighed anchor and steered to the soulu-
Laving b**n agreed between the Captains of
im? wilps to proceed to Plover Bay, and there got
jv«d to last them on tho passage to the
tiS? aHI« This was done by five of thoahlps,
Hildas, Lagoda, and Enropa,
«?nf'th rrt *ri t o o r tvontll tith, and sailed again on
abMdnninlnM^ t verKKl tho boats after
Uo ships south
.XLSfcELS ABANDONED WITH Tlllint rmnA
Anccxcd is a list of the names of the abamUncd ves
ffl., Mrt lie ninomit ot ou each nip h»4 tokoS uJTo
U roufuo'S
D. Thompson. 100 sperm, and77odo; Contest, aso'dn
K. Morgan. 150 do; Champion, 275 sperm, and 303 do-
Horry Taber,’ .W no i E,Bwlft TOOdoTTViridvJWdi-
O. CT ockcr. 200 do; Navy. 2>o sperm, and 400 do; Bala*
dcor.fOOdo; Seneca,4*odo: Fanny. 3*odi; Ono. How-
Wortlci'lle. 770 spefm, ■»'*(lfly'd<t *\w
DUe.TCOck; l*al*a, lOJflo; K**aoiA,ls’idj, Eugenia.
2TO do: Julian, 40 sperm, and 200 d»; Awaskoaka.
ckwirT.DlckJWOn.tiiOdo; Mtuerva. ISO do; WUUam
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE
Ilolrt, ICO <to; Man-, soo do Homan, CIO do; Comet,
30 no.
VESSELS PAVED.
The following are tlio natural of the vessels save I and
nvnrktixiiLttf oil taken by each:. Arctic, 4:0 barrels;
f'W tl °5 Chance, 120 sperm and Z)0 wh.ilo:
in' 1 r Lagoda, T£»do; Europa, 230
du, Midas. -juO du und iru sperm.
GAMES AND PASTIMES.
BASE BABB.
MATTERS PERTAINING TO THE CHICAGO CLUB.
A called meeting of tho stockholders of tho
Chicago Base Ball Club was held at the Briggs
House, on Saturday evening. About twenty wero
In attendance, but tho number of shares repre
sented was sufficient to constitute a icgnlquorum.
Tho ITcsldent being absent, W. F. Wentworth,
Esq., was called to tho chair.
The Secretary of tho Club, J. M. Thaohcr, stat
ed that the records, books, account*, etc., of the
club had been destroyed by Arc, and it was im
possible for him to present anything like an ac
curate report of tho condition of tho club’s affairs.
From recollection mainly he reported that about
sl,foo had been disbursed since the fire, princi
pally to members cf tho nine, on salary account;
that there was now about SC,OOO in tho treas
ury that the grounds had been insured in the
Commercial, of Chicago, for SI,OOO, of which about
10 per tent would probably be paid. He also
stated that $?00 had been advanced to McGrary
cn hie ih aI yuir’n contract, :iad &A to Cuthborl,
and suggested that some action bo taken with rec
ck nec to these matters.
Inquiries were mado ns to whether the mem
l>cis of this year's nine, and the players engaged
for next season, had been released from their con
tracts, hut In the absence of President Gossettc
no information, with reference to theso and other
important matters, could ho obtained.
A resolution was passed requesting tho Presi
dent to be present at an adjourned meeting, to be
held on Saturday evening next, at tho Briggs
House, to which time and place tho meeting ad
journed.
The subject of retaining the club organization
and scorning players for next year was broached,
but no action was taken, it being deemed essen
tial that the stockholders should be advised of
the present condition of affairs before taking any
steps for tho future.
It would seem as though Chicago would, for
next year, have enough on its hands in the care
edits destitute and In tho work of rebuilding,
without any* further dabbling in professional
base ball. Even if it were possible—which it la
not—to reconcile with our present position of
almi-takers from tin* entire world the malntou
unoo oT nn (‘Vitonniv** profeeoluunl uLut?, mu li.»ve
no grounds on which to play games, and to tit up
gr< unds will cost from four to flvo
ilwmmnd dollars. The year 1572 will be u season
of work iu Clara go—llnnl, unceasing work for
everybody, ami wo shall have little time todovo:o
to an ammement, the enjoyment of which takes
an cm ire aft ei noon. There will bo no afternoons
to spare, tor some time to come, in Chicago. B;uw
bull is u luxury which wo cun dispense with fur
at least one year, ami there should bo no further
steps toward tho reorganization of -tuo* White
blocking nine.
THE TTTEF.
SALE OF CHICAGO TROTTING STOCK.
The Tvrf, Field, and Farm of the 10th out. con
tains the.iollowlug:
Mepf-rn. Gape it Hmpson hare sold to Mr. Robert
Eouncr the two grand brood marcs, Prlnco-vs and the
clam ol Clara O. Ono is the old rival of Flora Temulo,
end the c tin t-is the dam of that largo and handsome
trotter 'which is recorded by Western men os a prodigy
of speed. la purehaalng these mares Mr. Bonner has.
nd«’.ed to the strength of his breeding stable. Uo is
gtmlnally collec ting for the harem of Edward Everett
►ome the inor.t noted btimd marcs in the whole conn
tiy. srcrhlnpof Mr. Renner In connection with Mr.
Winpri n. rennerts ns that the latter gentleman has
wituesH d m> exhibition of Ledger speed In tho hut few
days. On Wednesday ho timed I’oc.ihcntas a mile,
with John Mnrjihv on her brick. 12 2.C3 10. aal iho
same day he held kte watch on Startle. Tho colt was
jtygcdftinllelu 2:29 l-l. trotting the last quarter In
AtH M-cends. Mr. Simpson emphnticallv s.iys that
I ‘estc r is bis first choice a« a trotter of nil In the c«mu
t'.y. ami that next to Dexter lie admires Startle. This
Is Ui.h praise from an good a Judge. Yesterday Sir.
Blmison limed Joe Elliot a half-mile, Mr. Homier
driving, in IKK 3-4. Ih* first quarter was done la at i-i
feermis. ej.il the t-crct.d quarter in S2J-2 seeonds. A
vonderinl flight of speed fora four year old, Mr Simp
h n Is working Clam G. at Fleetwood Park, where ho
saw ilr. Douner’a horse s nt exercise.
DOLTH.K TEAM RACE.
Tho following is tho summary of n double loam
race between Ilonoft AIU u uud Kingston, with
ruinmg mates, finished at Fleetwood Talk ou
Thursday lust:
Fleet wcon Park. Not. sand !>.—Parse and stake,
a*; mile heals, ho* I lime in five.
V. lilam Deist entered ch. s. Honest
Ala n ami tunning mate .2 10 2 11
G. Unrr«mcr intend hr. g. Kiugaon
knd mill.lag mate* I 2 0 12 2
IX Ma.iMtitcnd India Itubberl.cn and
turning mate dr.
lll’K.
Quarter. Half. ZTilr.
Flirt heat- 33 2;S5!i
i-*c«nd Lee.* :?3 1.-06 2:1.4
Third heat 3-1 1:03 2:24
IVnitMum 2:211
I’lflli heal 34 I.OS 2iil
Sixth hUit 33 1.-06 &ltf|
STERLING AM) HARRY HABSETT.
The New York World of tho loth Inst., speaking
of the proposed international race between’Ster
ling and Hurry Bassett, soys:
Wo pubbsn in anot her column tho opinion of
the famous English tui f authorities, Vigilant* and
The Wizard,* ol tho l.ourtun tyxtrlsmin, on Tho
conten plated lutoruational race, between tho
Licat L&glishS-ycur cM Sterling, now eaidto be
the be*-l of Hie 3 ear, and the famous Amerio in 3-
year old Han y B.vs*ctr, certainly «nr best of the
year. Tho writers seem to think thit St'rllng
can boat Harry with case, and back their opin
ions by making c miuriaons aa to to the time
made by c« rtain English homes in da»h*s of two
miliß. making Bspsott’d dash of two laltoa in a
veritable sen «*i mud. on tie* nrat day of tho Je
rome meeting, when ho ran lu 3:5* c-i. ns Ids boat
peifonuaiuo of t hut distance. They evidently
forgot Bassett's itcrfonnunco nt thesecond Sara
toga, wl ore ho did the same distance in 3:35 3-4.
It la that if nn\* imdch is made bo
rtTco of a wile and n quarter,* but for a
races varying In distauio from ono mile to two.”
TEE CITY IK-BBZEF.
Horrible Death.
A deplorable accident happened at No. 79 South
Morgan street, on Saturday evening, resulting iu
fatal injuries to Mrs. Elizabeth A. Wheeler, a lady
to years of a ge. The servant girl, iu tilling a lamp
with kerosene, spilled some of tho oil on the table,
and, after, lighting the wick, frolishly threw tho
match on the table. The oil ignited at once, and
Mrs. Wheeler, to obviate nu explosion, s-Mzed tho
lump. There was some oil on the bottom part of
it and this catching lire, the ilamea communicated
to her clothing. In u moment she was n mats of
Ure. She ran' Into the entry and thcnco iuto tho
space fronting the street, Mr. Will
iam Shepnid, a boarder ut the bouse
observed her, and. with tho assistance of a towel
and a blanket, succeeded in smothering tlie
fames, not, however, before she had been horri
bly burned. She was able to walk to her room,
but despite the best medical aUemUnjc, she died
r,t o o'clock last evenin'*
Dllscellaneont*
Tlie store No. K3 State street, was broken into,
early jcstcxduy morning, and robbed of boot*
wi.Mliiiro.
—Matbry Cooney, aged 12 years, was run over
by an omnibus, near the corner of Harrison and
llnlsu (1 Htn cts, yesterday afternoon, and severe
ly ntjuucl alscut the head. Ho was taken to Ms
Uoiue, No. 193 St bur street.
—Crusader Lodge No. 11, K. of r., have a regu
lar ton vent ion this evening, at tbelr ball on the
comer ot Mudbon and Halatcd streets.
Land Titles in C«ok County.
2b the Editor of The Chieaao Tribune
Sin: Tlio question of providing tho simplest and
best means of preserving tho evidences of title to
real estate In this county, is ono of groat moment
to the whole community. It Is, therefore, impor
tant that the mode to be followed should bo decid
ed upon and adopted, as far ns practicable, with
out delay.
It w ill not do to let the Legislature be flooded
wilb bills embodying tbc separate views of Indi
vidual members of the bar all over tho Suite, to
be referred to tho Judiciary or other Committee
of the Legislature. This will involve confusion
and delay. The members of the Chicago bar are
the best medium to employ for the preparation of
a suitable bill forthc committee to whom tho ques
tion may bo referred by tho Legislature.
1 would therefore propose that the Judges of the
Federal and various Courts of Cook County select
and appoint some time and place for a meeting of
the bar and judiciary of Chicago. Then and thoro
let the. question ho thoronghly presented and dis
cussed, so that tho view of all may be heard. Af
ter this, let the bar appoint a committee sufficient
ly-largo to embrace its most experienced real es
tate lawyers, who will in turn discussthe qnodion
among themselves, and appoint a sub-eommltte to
■prepare a suitable hill, to i*o referred back to the
committee thus appointed by tho bar, and, whan
adopted by them, tu be presented to the Legisla
ture.
lx f-oemp to me that this i>lan will avoid tho do
lay oud confusion wMch wiilfollow tho presenta
tion of a multiplicity of bills'to tho Legislature,
and bocuto a speedy anil satisfactory eolulloa or
the question. Respectfully,
B. O. Caulfield.
The IVcwabeya.
3b tkcSditr.ro/The Chicago Tntnmc:
Bik While tho Belief and Aid Srclcty are pay
ing so much attention to our suffering men and
wrmcn, -what nro they doing about tho poor no ws
boys, many of whom arc In a Rad condition since
the tire t It la well known that their llomo was
destroyed by the conflagration. I myself know of
several of these poor little fellows who arc sleep
ing in cellars, or backstops; In old bozo*, or, in
fact, anyplace that'TWy can find and not bo.
driven from It by tbo police. Are they not suf
ferers by the fire, -In every sensei Before that
dreadful night they at least had a comfortable
bed to shop upon, and.a. cheerful fire to warm
their little' limbs by. As they are foal friends of
the press, will you not say a word in their behalf!
Your pen can speak with moro eloquence than
mine. Will you serve them a good turn, now that
they are in need t The winter is coming,—per
haps a serero one. If something is not done
they will certainly suffer.' They cannot He out
without covering, as many of them are doing
now. The Belief Committee could certainly fur
nish them with beds la the barracks;
A F&i&sn or Tius Newsboys.
Chicago, Nov. 10.
marine Items*
The Iron propeller-Ida, of the Evans line of
Lake Superior steamers, while coming down the
Nchish Rapids, on Friday, struck a rock below
the Sault and sunk. All her compartments were
full of water, aud her cargo, consisting of wheat
and flour, will he greatly damaged. .TUe.teliv
graph despatch which pave this information did
not state whether any lives had been lost. The
tugboat Wilcox, of Detroit, took on steam pomps
and started to tho assistance of the vessel.
—The ncw’Pteamcr City of Chatham, for the
Montreal lino, was launched a few days since.
She is substantially built, and will carry ia,iwo
bushels of grain.
—Tho steamer Fountain City ran aground on
the St, Clair flats, between tho two channels, on
Friday. The tug Vulcan, of Detroit, went to her
assistance.
_Xbo schooner Lafayette Cook, of Kingston,
ran ashore on tho shoal at Snake Island, last Fri
day night. A tug was sent to her.
—The schoonrr Sam Flint lost the upper part of
her cabin during the gale lost Tmirsday, and was
obliged tn put book to Milwaukee.
—The channel 'between* tho harbor piers at
Manitowoc is partially ob-tructed by tho wreck
of the schooner Dan Tindall.
—The echoonor M. Cuurtright, of Chicago, bo
'came watei-logged, near Karine, during tho galo
lastThursdny, and was abandoned.
—Captain Mcßride, for many years Captainof a
I i’.v'r, dIM at W.\me l*s»l Monday
—The light house at Point Maitland, near the
entrance of the Wulluud Canal, is completed.
RELIGIOUS.
Dedication of the Union Park
Congregational Church.
Ihe Interior of the How Edifice—Gome
Kovel Peculiarities.
Dedicatory Sermon by the Pas
tor, Kcv* C. D. Hclmcr.
The dedicatory services yesterday forenoon, in
tho Union Park Congregational Chmc’j, were at
tended by a great number of people, within and
without tho pale of tho denomination to which
the church belonged. Tho dcsiro to sco tho in
terior of the splendid edition of which so much
has been said, mil to witness tho interesting gor
vices which were expected, drew visitors of all
crevde, and from all parts of tho city, bo that all
the regular and extemporized scats on tao; floor
and the gi eat gallery wero tilled by thetlmo the
exeicjacsbo^ar.
The novel uiui almost theatrical Appearance of
this church has already been mentioned, but tho
effect which it produced upon the audience seem
ed to l>o an exceedingly favorable ono. This in
novation on the established forms of ecclesiastical
architecture, eo far as tho arrangement of tho
scuts is concerned, gives better seeing and hear
ing. uud u far plcasantorappearanco than tlieold
fjithioncd system. Tho ouly decorations in the
church, In addition to the well-dressel and pretty
worm ii, were the rich flowers which were lavishly
placed In stands, and in front of th* pulnlt,
Tlie services were commenced by a ‘contralto
solo by Mrs. Hayden, which was charmingly
done, after which prayer was offered by the
Rev. C. D. Hclmcr, tho pastor of tho churca, and
the congi rgution, rising, sang the doxology.
Iho liev. L. Chumborlain read tho eighty-ninth
Psalm, uud the choir sang Mocenthara Te Daun,
alter which a portion of the eighth ciapter of
tho First Rook of Kings, relative to tho taking
of the Ark into tho Temple was read.
The Divine blessing on their church and
labors was invoked by tho Kev. Air. Haven, of
the Theological Seminary, after which tho coa
gifgullou bunga portion 6l the hyma coruama
cing, Glorious things of Thee are spoken.”
The sermon was then preached by tho pastor,
Dr. Hclmcr. who commenced by referring to
Jacob, who had dedicated as God’s Ujm-u, tho
Mol u In litwt u*cd na u pillow, nn waa (stated In
the twenty-cightd chapter of Genesis. T-io differ
ence between that and the grand temple of
Solomon was Immense, and showed that the
ecclesiastical edifice was a product of the growth
and culture of the builders. The place made ua
differ* uoo in reality—it was the heart. Iu church
building as In other things the law was one of
vrocivsH and development, from tho pillar of
RctLel up to the church of to-day. whieli would
net be quite so good as tho church of
tc-merrow. ‘Whore people lived iu mud howls
their churches were uo better, but Ho church
should be the expression of tho ripest (ulture of
these who built it, and an oxpiucnfi of
the nature of those who erected it. IXowasop
poed to Piotcstant churches imitatiug the forma
of Catholic cathedrals, when their hlosweroso
fur apart, and their forms of service so'diffcrout.
A Piotcsmnt service was a social wor.t’aip, and
the amphitheatre was tho best form for them, aud
m t loi:;.-i:r;»wn ch-les, dim shadows, an«* resound
ing eehocß. If thebmldet sof thoutres had adopted
an &niphith<-utriral form, was It any rc.iv.rn
why the children of light should not do so They
warned an auditorium in which to hoar and s.'o.
Tiny also lied a basement, with parlors and a
kitcucn—a tlnug which would once have been
very strange, bunday School wantsh.nl gr ;atly
modi lied their archileolurc. The foiui of the pul
pit Lad been changed, so that tho preacher was
uo 1 neer raised up and cut off from tho audiemv,
butfctU d cu a low aud accessible platform. Tim
change, which was no bad ouc, showed a tuodid
lion in Itle: s. The congregation of his church
had decided to adopt tho amphitho itro, and
thought a ft ml-circlc could be consecrated us well
us a iCi Tj.ugle.
Tr.c spe,i)u;i also thought a church should have
some outwaul mul distinguishing sign, so ns imt
to res. mile a Custom House. He wua In favor of
Bj iicp, amt defended them against Ktiakin’s criti
cisms. There was a temleiiey to obliterate dls
tincth ns between church uml world, tho world
being ehiUthimzcd on tho surface, and in my
w«te beginning to ihluk there was no reason way
u church should differ from a barn or factory,
scr*. ice able only lor uso ami shelter. That Id. m
he was op|>e* d I”. People were mdgod of bv i l.e
In.UMH liiey U.e*l lu uml churches formed l.n;
basis of pcejile’s opinion of religion. If
Ci_ur. hes in this city had no distinctive aroliitec
tuie, a nvnt moral impression would ho hist.
Tin re was Kirch a thing us the beauty of religion,
when It worked Itself out in u beautiful clm.oh.
Tint Hod wlio made the beautiful world slnald
hs.ve üb« autitul church. lie \v:is gladto sec they
lent l’cw» it* to decorate their church, which was
nmther innovation. They wanted to mike the
church beiaiiiful for their children, ns they d.d
tUli parlors. He did not hollevc, however. In ex
tra vjigame ami display, nor did the congregation.
If Mas asked them if they thought they hid a
rght to Imlid expensive churches when
Ua n* wire so many poor to be
relieved and the heathen to be preached tho gos
pel to. If so why should tuey not begin at hbu;\
and sell all Iho pictures ami other lino things
they Lad there. If they built plain churches. iae
world's people would say the Christinas cared
Llllo for then* God fur. they built Him such poor
hovsiH. while their private houses were sumjtu
ous, To do that would be to start a communism
in the chinch. .Moreover, nothing was ton good
lor God. They must not muko tho mldtaku of
looking on the cdmrch as au end rather than a
means. Their church was simply for use, hut
they mist make It u beautiful thing to usol If
congiegatlous bad nut much money, still they
ceuld make their churches neat and uttaictivo.
The chnreh they had built would last for ages
and become enriched with associations, and more
and mo;e sacred with the passing years.
Their church was built on tho ruins of their
old one, uml was dedicated soon after tho groat
old house was burned down February 21, isbsC
On May 7 tho giound was Inoken for tho new
building, August 9 tho coruoi stooo was laid,
And May 1, ls7(l, thobafoment was dedicated. It
was dotted to Gt d as His Church, and to be
nlwnjsHis, nut theirs, to bo used for His work.
Whatever would bcuetit mankind would also find
place thciepfor the more they loved God, the
more they loved tbclr follow-men and all that ad
i vautngeu the n. It was a Christian lehurch, erect
ed In the epii it. and lor the love of Christ.
lit. concluded by saylngthat t ho Trustees would
presently ask them to give what they could. Th*y
ought to given thank-offering to God. bocuuso lie
had preserved their house. Tho Trustees hod
hoped to raise S3O 000 to pay their last bills, but
Hu dre had interfered with them. They were
going to rebuild Chicago, and they must not omit
to look after religious, ue well as commercial in
terests,
A large collection was taken up, after which a
short dedicatory prayer .was made by tho p istor,
and tl o services were concluded wilu music and
übeiirdliticu.
At 3 o’clock la the afternoon tbe children of the
Sonduy School look ihelr part iu the dedicatory
cervices,
—~7
and VaallD~\Vhoic iiliftbd fho Rest?
CINCINNATI, 0., Nov, 9.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Bu:: Tbe Chicago lire exposed many a sham;
and the newspapers huvo not been slow in letting
the public know what tbo names wore. Particu
larly was this so in relation to tbo Insurant*} com
ponies, wb:cb professed to protect against Ju*t
tbnt class of accident*.
Now. insurance companies are not tbo only In-
FtiUitlcns which guaranteed protection from su«*h
inmhitj'ent yuur tire; but sate and vault mauu
luelimrs m-je quite as loud in their professions.
Thin let us—tno dear public—know, without
four or invor, what nmuuractura of safes and
vaults nfionled the best protection against the
flrc; whrtl belonged to thesecAd class; what
the third; what proved useless.
Sv-rh a tost as your fire cornea only
turies, nnd the public are entitled to know the
result of the ordeal from a disinterested source
like 1 hk Tribune, and should uot.be compelled
to rely upon the “cooked-up” advertise men td of
the various manufacturers.
The protection of the looks oa safes, etc., can
be determined in times of peace; but the resist
ance of such safes to tbe wars of tbo elements c m
only be learned in tbo Held of battle. And to Xus
Triucne, ns Field-Marshal on that memorable oo
caaion (defeated, but good on retreat and root
gnui>ntion). wetook for an offlolol report of the
result of tbo contest. j. B. r.
Answer.—'Vo have no sufficient data os yet for
an answer to this interrogatory. If there la any
particular kind or manufacture of safes that
stood the fire in all situations we have not heard
of them. AU.thc brick vaults in tbo city, except
nfuw which rcstedon iron columns, stood the
test 'perfectly.
The.Vndennllcit 'AseiiCf>
Bomo very etrong insurance facta are demon
strated In another column of this morning's issue,
which show .the stability of ono of onr tnmranoo
organizations, notwithstanding tbo severe tost
applied by the recent cofifiagratlon. The list of
losses paid to* date by tho old and tried Under
writers* Accntr of Now York, will be read with
intcresL. As the recent firo proves conclusively
that only the largest organizations., transacting
nn oxlcndttrnarimiul bmnnt-an, can be relied upuu
in great calamities.-we commend the Underwri
ters' policy to’all-deslrons of sound indemnity.
War Department' Weather Bcpcrt*
W.vEiiiNOTON. Nov. 12,—Tho barometer will «rol>*
ably contlnuo high, with clear weather to-ulght,
followed by cloudy by clondy weather oujvionday.
bribe 3liddlc and Eastern States. Tbo cloud .ind"
•ruin will extend very, generally over the MU*U-
Blmil Valley, and castwnitl over tbo Ohio Valley
and Lake Huron, increasing 1 to southeasterly
winds cn L:ikc Michigan to-night. Etocgmcre
dangerous winds arc not anticipated. Caurf?mary
>tgnalK are ordered for this evening at Chicago'
and Milwaukee.
destructive FireaLCbatiaoMpi,
CnjkTTANOOQA, Tcnn., Nov. 12.—A fire was dls-'
covered tMs morning at 1 o’clock In Fiahor A Bro«
jewelry store, corner of Eighth and Market street,
destroyin e a souaro and a half of tho badness
portibn of tho city. Loss estimated at $75,0J0 in*
a urn nee about $30,000. The fire was the work of
an incendiary. The city was -fired -In two other
plnces,*bnt tbo flames were extinguished. Fifteen
supposed Chicago desperadoes arrived hero from
Memphis last night, and suspicion points to them.
A huge number of persona were arrested for com
mitting robberies.
-Teasel* Paned Betrslt. -1
Httuoit. Nov. 12—Evening—Passed Up—Prop
Hackrtt and barge: barks Poshtigo, Board of
Trade; sebis J. F. Card; Tailor, Columbian, C.
H. Johnson, Evalino, Saginaw. .Gross. Eayette
Brown, Lincoln Dali. Homer, Harvest Qurea,
Hubbard, Win. Case, Rainbow, Comanche, Czar,
E'.anor,
Passed Down—Prop tnn«low; schfs Charles
Viill, C. A. King, Osborn, Donaldson, Bismartr.
Raynor, P. Hannah, Viiliam Sanderson. EIT
Bate*.
Varu—East-
For Dyspepsia. XndlnesUoa, Depressloa
of Spirit*, ana General Debility, the Ferro-Paos
pkoratfd Elixir of Caltsiya Bark (Calisayn Birk
nud Iron), is tbo best umio, mado> by Oasweil,
Hazaid A Co., New York, and sold‘by druggists.
Trasses and Supporters.—Neeley’s Hard
Rubber Ttur* and aupportcr. Relief, Comfort,
and Cure for Rupture and Female Weakness,
never rust, break, nor soil, used lu Bathing. Best
in use.
\Cbeaprst and Best.— Mrs. Whitcombs
byn\j> lor children la Fold by druggists for 25 coat*
nVottlr, nud Ib nn admirable preparation for iu
fantUe disorden*.
ie<(t Rheum cared hr nils* Jnuiptr Tfti
Forp, im uuiuciurcd byCosweil, Hazard A Co.,
Now York.
MONDAY, NOYEMBEB 13, 1871.
HARRIED*
eIiuULD&-STOU i -Y->'or. 9,
GoodspLitl, Clayton B. Shourda and Mi&a E.oma i
Store?*.
DIED.
1« lid* city, on tho 1-th lust-, of heart disease,
Maltha Acklv Realised 32 years.
Funeral will take place Tuesday, from M Western
av.. nty a.m. Friends ol tho family are Invited.
GREFLRAI 11—November 11, iIISS Adolpumo A. E.
Greffrcth. In the 20th year of In-rage.
Funeral from tho residence. No. 95 Sonth Ilnlsted-st.,
Monday. November 13, at ip. m. Friends of Uo/aai-
Ay kiniy InviUiL
Mllons typhoid
fever, Mrs. Mina 1?., wife of 11. C. Clement, aged CO
at Adrian, Midi., Tuesday, 14th Inst.
MCGUlßE—November 12, John McGulrv, In the *»BtU
tho residence of hit som-In-biw. 1-1
PonUi Desplalnca-et. Tuesday, November 14, at 11
o’clock a. m.. In carriages to Calvary Cemetery,
ry Kee.-evllle, N. Y„ papers please copy.
U IIEKLEn—in ibis city Sunday evening, Nor. 12
at 12 minutes past 7 o’clock. Mrs. Elizabeth A.Whoelor
B Sli rr» malrK will bo taken to Milwaukee this morn*
Inp at 10 o’clock from htr late residence No. <0 South
Mtrgan ctreet.
amusements.
ToMght
mm emett mi
WJI read, at the ilichlgan-av. Baptist Church, his new
stcry,
u He Did His Lcvel Best.”
WEST SIDE
Star Lecture Course.
UnionTark Congregational Church.
TUESDAY EVENING, NOV. H,
JOl9ft G. SAXE,
lecture: Poetry and Ihe Poets. 1
With selections from his own works.
The Lecture will be preceded by a Vocal and Instrn
mwnutl concert, uimw me iu>nnu>u sir air. I*. ci
KNOPFEL,'who will preside at. the New Grand Organ.
Admission, fio cents; reserved seat, 75 cents. Cuorsu
ticket and reserved soot fur tea “star” lectures, $3, for
sulo at tho Wont Bide library. 237 West Madison at.;
Horton’s -Bros. Library, 639 West Lako-aL, and at
Btehl'K dmg-atnie, 80 M eat Madison at.
EVERY YGIUN
tbonld hoex EDWARD E\ T ERETT HALE read hie
new storj*,. t
IE m EIS LEVEL BEST.
at the Mlchlgan-av. Baptist Church, on MONDAY
EVKNING NEXT-
CLOUE THEATRE.
001. WOOD’S llD.i-UW COMPANY AT
THIS GLOBE.
IMMENSE SUCCESS!
OF THE PLAY OP THE DAY.
DIVORCE,
Matinees Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Furtlrnlnr Not!cp.-»-ra consequence of the great
1* uMb of 1 Tic play, the Mutlnoe porfonuauc- a will 00m
nuToe slTirn oVlork prcrlsely*
AUCTION SALES.
SPEC3AL SALE.
1.86 Half-Chest Japan Tea
AT AUCTION,
on MONDAY, Nor. 13, at 10 o’clock, at the RM Front
Balem-oom. Noa. 2 and S !>earb»»rn Park, mi Randolph
tL IK half-chest Japan Tea, direct Inportatl »n
--\VM. A. BUTTE US .fc ro., Anctloueors.
SGO CASSiS
Boots,
BMJuOUALS, AND RUBBERS,
AT AUCTION.
on TUESDAY, Kov. 14, at n 1-2 o’clock, at tho RED
FUOKT Kalemoom, 3 und 4 East Kandvlnb-st,
WM. A. BUT'dKBS CO.. Auctioneers.
25 crales White
100 boxes Glassware,
Invoice of Table Cutlery,
20 rolls New Wool SSarpetlng,
AT AUCTIOPT,
on WEDNESDAY, Nov. 15. at 01-2o’clock, attho RED
FKOMtulo-ri'rm s and 4 East Randolpb-st.
WM. H. RUTTERS <v CO., Auctloncern.
50 bales Blankets
AT AUCTION,
On Wednesday, Nor. 15, at 111*3 o’clock.
At tho RED FRONT SALESROOM, 3 and 4 East
Randolph-st.
14 bales White Mackinaw Blankets.
8 bales No. 1 Ontario Wlilto Blankets.
9 bales Eagle Bmh White Blankets.
9 bales 1 daznond C Brown Blankets.
4 bales Diamond C Silver Gray Blankets.
6 bales Army Bine and Gray Blankets.
6 bales beet Comforters.
WM. A. BUTTERS a CO., Auctioneers.
DRY GOODS,
Woollens, nothin?, Hosiery, Bncfc Cloves on 4
Saspcn
dors, cte.,
AT AUCTION,
on THURSDAY, Nov. K, at 91-2 o’clock, at the RED
FRONT Salesroom, S and 4 East Randolph-at.
VM. A BUTTERS A CO, Auctioneers.
1© CASES
All Wool 3-4 and 6-4 Oasslmcrcs,
AT AUCTION, on THURSDAY HORNING, Nov.
10, at the RED FRONT Salesroom.
WM. A. BUTTERS .V CO.. Anetionoor*.
BY O. F. GORE A GO.,
Regular Saturday’s sale of
Geo. P. Gore Co.,
Noe. 1 and 2 Randolph-et., corner of Michigan-ay,,
WILL OFFER AT AUCTION
Oa Tuesday, Hot. 14, at 9 1-2 a. a.,
DRY GOODS,
Gents’ Underwear, Clotting, Hats
and Caps, Notions, Hosiery, fee.
200 Bales Colored and White Wadding.
COUNTRY
AND
City Merchants.
We mean Jnst what we say offer you,
AX AUCTION,
By Catalogue,
On WEDNESDAY, November 15, at 9 1-2 a. m.,
300 cases I>lcn s, Boys’, and Youths’ Boots,
SbO casco Women’s, misses’, and Children’s
Polish,
100 cases Women’s and misses’ Sergo Goods*
ic>o cium jummml n*vui, _
And a line of
Klcn’s Far-Lined. Balmorals.
Tlicfo Boots and shoes are from tho ipatnng mntrora
of the Eobt and West.
GEO. P. GORE A CO„
1 and 2 Randolph st., cnmrr MJchlCHn-nv.
539 West Monroe°st.
The entire contents of an elegantly.fumiahod house
paridr and Chamber Furniture, Msrble-top Tables.
Wbat-NotSv” Extension tablfts. Mirrors, i/mnges,
PAuitisgs, Crockery. China and Glassware, Mattresses,
Prddlnir. Bcflstcd. Stoves;- on elegant-tone
Piano. William Knabe. maker.on THURSDAY, NOV.
is. at 10 o'clock.; p. P. GORE A CO.. Auctioneers.
.11CTIO.V S.JLf
of
Furniture, Household Goods,
Carpets, Crockery,
r Stoyes, .&d.
-x On SATURDAY, Nov. is, at 2:30 a. m.
flEOBGEP.OOBE&OO.,
1 pmj-2 Jlifndolph«sU* cor. MkhlgnmaT,
By C. C. THAYER CD,,
Auctioneers and Real Estate Agents.
OFFICE 41 EITBBAEO-COTJST.
"tVrdhesnaiy, Nov. 15,15T1, at 3 o'clock p. ta.. on ths
.nremlws, Urest'lJko-tjt.. houss and lot No. 359 West
latvtt, east of Elizabeth-st. ITnow, 2ftory fruaa,
10 rooms, water, gca, etc. Lot 23x181 feet to alloy!
Terms at sale.
WANTED TO EZGHAN OS.
f|>o EXCHANGE—SEVERAL CH.IICE HE HI
X drucw to exchange for pp.>perty In burnt district
U.COI.E A SON.
TUANTJ-.lI—TO 1 —TO EXCHANGE—I6J ACitKd ,»>p
tho very best of land lu Kaattas, n*ar J auction
City sad nrnr railroad.' lor team la part payment, bU
sme In or wIU exchange furcotUgesnil lot Call
s» 6 ra^;“l f.?“H lUn K^ oruwr ILUstud and lUn
«ic A. CO.. Real F>Ub» Agonta.
INSTRUCTION.
M*- L- AB. GRA.NT’jv *>AV AND r.UAIU).
Ihb Pclw-I. fnni'rrlr or TC North
wiu roopyn Nov. 6 at 74 (Trautr)Joce.
CITY BEAT, ESTATE*
*»Uit BALK—ON 5 YEABV CREDIT WirilOUr
Jb any cash payment. Tho best residence lots In the
KcrthiivWon, ou Uowo.Orchainl.imd be
tween Centre nml .Sophla-sts-, only 3 blocks from Lin
coln Tart, and 1 block from Lincoln School and street
car*. This block Ih now In a first-class pelKbborlif>od
and has onlv good.d welllngs on it, and It la Intended to
tern it so, and 1 will also advance to purchasers one
hall tho cost of homesteads which they may erect
upon, lime and terms to salt. For further particulars
apply to BALDWIN DAVIH. 51 South Ifalntod-st,
•IJOB SALE—OK RENT—II 3 FUi.TON.bT NESV
Jl/ building 150 by 4o feet. 1. W, GATES, 48
Connl-st.
COR SALK—LOTS OF ANY REQUIRED SIZE,
r In either division of tho city, for manufacturing
or residence purpote* l on lone time, without cash pay
ment, to purlieu who wish to Improve Immediately,
SKYPEH LEE, I'.rnl Eltatu Afento, Uunth Hal
sted-st.
I7GR SALK CENTRAL IMPROVED JMIOP
oi tv bringing &-.000 r early income, at a bargain.
CLAFLIN BROb.. 204 Mndlson-at.
17011I 7011 t-ALE—RY K. A. LINN. NO. 25 K-VSP K.IN
r.le-st., +lxl‘o feet, Knst Kiazle, near I* iankliu-st
20x110 feet, North Weils, nearUuron-sL; $l5O.
30x100 foct, filiclilgSD, near Olark-st.; S2OO.
80x200 feet, Union,' nesr Intilnna-st.: el(K>.
23x115 feet, North Wells-st,; S2,'JCO, *SOO cash.
Three 2-story houses and lots near Lincoln. Park,
$3,000 to SO.COO each.
Noth—my papers, maps, abstracts, and all papers left
In my care were ail caved through the nre, and t aox
now ready for business ns before. K. A. LINN.
I7GR bADS~IO LOTS ON WESTKRN-AV. AND
Klnzic-st, suitable lor manufacturing purposes, 1
having railroad facilities. Price low aad o;isy terms.
SNYDER LEE. Real Estate Agents, 9 South Hal
eled-at., ouuer of Randolph,
170R SALE—AT A GRAND BARGAIN, A LOT 75X
ICO, located on the northwest corner of Van Barcn
and Shermnn-fts,. suitable for five stores. b
and hotel above. Thst great depot will soon bo rebuilt;
po will also that great Pacific Hotel. There Is moa**y
In it gentlemen. 1L CNMMINGS, No, CO3 Fol
ton-st.
I ?OU SALE—STORE IIODiE. AND LOT, RENT
-1 Ing for $310: price, $7,500. Will take vacant lot on
first payment. CLAFo-lN BROS., 240 Ma ll*oa-.tt.
I7OR SALE—NEAR MADISON-ST., ON WELLS—
a choice lot. for |l3,ooo; hall cash. CL.VFUN
BROS., 2W Madl-on tt.
Flit BALE —OR EXCHANGE RUHINE-ia
property, gx) to '6l teet on tho North Branch,
near Nmth-av., by about GOO feet deep, suitable fora
brewery or manufacturing business. Will sell on
favorable terms, or exchange for property In burnt
district. WM. HAN?BROUGH, 871 Waba-sh-uv.
17011 BAJ.E-A LARGE AND COMMODIOUS
doni.le house centrally locaUM, with an acre of
ground: splendid irnit/ln the pleasant village of Elk
born, Walworth County, Win., U.re© hours’ rido from
Cldt-sgo. Tho most beautiful country residence out
ot Chicago, aud can be hut at a groat lianciln. Ad
ora**. r«n- jinn*. *er_. a. kane. ox is or ta SuiToraon.
at.. Cltlcago, IU.
I?GU SALfe— I iIAVK an YERT EEAIt THE
corner of Polk and Dearlalnes-ata. Will sell with
out any inonev down. May furuish some mon*-y. to
build with. Address 8. W. R-VWhON, No, 37 West
Ma<Ua*iij-^t, bof-emont.
I .OR SALE—NO. U9 EIGHTEENTII-HT., RE
tween Stalest, ar.d Wahash-av., turce-story, Eng
lish basement, 11 rooms; fnmaco, gas ff<turos,’:ind all
modern in provements; i-Tillable for residence or bnsl
ness A bargain, at Sn.ODO. No advauco
since the lire. Terms easy. WM. HANSBROUG2I,
S7l Wab#(*b-Rv,
F^RN'ALE— OR EXCHANGE—FOR PROPERTY
In the burnt dlt-nlcl, with Immcsliatc possession:
Flvetwo-story mid basement houses ou tho North
Side, near Fullerfc.n-av., with lota.
Two two-story aad boeomont, with
brick barn.
Ono brick house, two-story and basement, with brick
barn.
Fonr ceftngeH, with lot. In same locality.
Tin two.story houses, ilvo with brick casements, on
South Bide, near Cottage Orove-av,
Four houFOS on tho West Side, with lots and posses
sion.
Several leaseholds on West MatUson-sL, with posses
sion.
A. P. DOWNS .t CO.. 59 West Madlfion-st, Room 2.
FOR PALE—BY GOODRICH <t AVERY. NONA!
Wjba-hav. Statc-st. next Harrison, 23 reek
Morgan-st, 50x125, between Lako and L.tudulpVxt-h
Thml-nv., south of UorrUon-st.. loose and lot: lot
25x103 feet, Wabash-a*. near Eight*'onUi-ht.; nrick
hoimo mm lot 27x170 feet; house contains li rooms.
Jndh rut-av. nesrHstoentU-ct.. a tlno homo and lot
for SIS.W). Miehlgnnnv. n»arTwonty.foiirth.*t.. brick
Prime nml lino luLotfeivd vert cheap. Indian.t-nv.
cvn p* of Twenty-thirdst- house and 4 l 2 yen** k-ise.
with imp l t-vcnjcnt* for £5,0)0, A tlno lot on Market h*.
real Madison: east front Drexel-av,. a sbi« threo
f.torv brick, lot so lo« t front. 12 rw.ms, etc.: $15,033; bo
sides other valuable property on Wells. Randolph,
IVarbcrn unilScatc-sts., and Micldgau and Wabash
avs.
1701: b.-M.E—BURNT DISTRICT—’WK HAVE A
largo nut choice lls.t of well located property la tho
Burnt Id.sliict, t«> which we uivjto t« e attention »f
crpltJulslc. Vearo offering liargolns and Instructed
nut wM. I). KEUFOOr.fc «JO.,
S*J I:*a>l Hshlt-gtoi -«d.
I'UK sAI.K-f.C FEET ON \\T2*«T MuX«’."l4-sr,
i neiih*Ae«,t runierof I’anlma-sU, at a Ijw price
tniftii l-'ug tijur.
between Thirty-fourth
flMh st.'*, east fn»i.t, fX'x!ru 5 years’ time.
fjihrinet-av.—between Thnij’-Uilrd and Thlr
ty-fi>mth-st3
A. LOED A BTJOTIIETI, Cl Wo»t Lnko-st.
KALK-COTTAOK AND LOT. 27x125, E\SP
7 limit. 71 Aberdtvn-st.: elioJci' nronmtv. »gl.'>o
cpsh, ludai'ce aviMhly payments. 36.< W. D. Ji
SON, hS V.'e-t Modt.Miit.nl,
"•7*OU ISAEE—CHEAP, NO. 7« iUUIIIUAS AV.-
JL 1 tn o-stoiy a:.d bßscmunt frame bou-o, to r>*ms,
with lunuicc. Or.sfixtures andhll modern tmpruve
imitts. Bum. 25x40 let, 25x130; cast front; llaont
location, and best street tn the city, for 317.000, half
ef-i.li, brJatu-D in 3 vears at 10 per cent. WAI. HANS
-3ißOVCll.s7lWhbjmb.av.
iJtGlt SALK—I76 STATE S 1.--S POORS NOBPIf
cf Twellih, -i two-story fia’nubull limr. with g-rod
v«td raid bain. T:ure is a theto-years’ground lease.
lujji he on the prtuniaw*.
SALE 'IV.'O hTORV AA L) VSEAItiN’T
A? tlcnD frent house »:f ro*nu. all trird,»m liupr iv»v
n-ri’K iwt-elaes lu every respect, and t0t23x150 feet,
1H A ali!r.nu-av. SNYDER LkE, Beal Estate Agout,
Ob'iitiilJjJrtM-st.
I: Oil SAI.K-MA.\ h KAtTliia.Mi L'l t’S—.UOXI
feet, Cvrncr Fu]b‘n-**r, and We^temav.; iaoxi2».
K-nzto.-d. hear Wefitcrn:av. SNYDER Jt LEE, ileal
E?tato Agents. 9 south Hal.-de-I.Kt.
SUBURBAN REAL INSTATE.
I;UK SALE —OR RENT —AT HINSDALE,
exchange for city pmperty luformatloQ glvnn from 10
to t.ftt.*nnsrntc-Kt,.bvthcownpr. O. J. STOPOH.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE:
I7OR SALE—OR EXCHANGE—IGO
mile fmm 1 all way, and conntvaeat of Hancock
County, lowa. 3NO, O. NICHOLSON, Land and
House Agent. 50 Eart Ilatrison-Kt.
FOR BALK— ORTO EXCHANGE FOR 7 vHM
In the vicinity of Blue Island, 50x>*'» oVstaUvat
Bcar TWrty-t.itU’lh, With excellent Tmw building. store
CT&V stable. cnniaec house, Me. Not much cash ro
quitvd. A. LOKBABRQ..MWPM Lako-at
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
\\rANTKl£pROPETrr^^
TT on UiO South title. A, LOEB A BRO.. 64 West
lake-Ft.
\\rANTED-TO PURCHASE A LOT CHEAP.
V.-i lo •b«et by a good depth somewhere lu the ili-t
--bopydpn
river, f« r 1 adding purposes.- Will pay hall cash. Ad
dress for five days stating oxaet location and lowest
i rh-o. EASTERN CAPITALIST. Tribune oif.ee.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
Anyone wanting houses kept for the
winter can find good accommodations, at reason**
Ido tt ims, at Dexter. Park. Apply at Transit House
SttUw. D. ROSS,
B BOOKMAN SKINNER WILL OFFER AT
public auction fit their stables and vards, coner
cf State prd *l v wvi.ty..‘.toond ftts.. Nov. 15. at n o’clock,
is hc:i rs, 7 top bugidt'*, 4 square box buMuos.i ’.vagma,
iticycu Liigprn, 4 lumber wagons and heavy barn?.*',
10 st ta single luxrucsH, and other property,too numerous
tonuT.tl'-r.
I7OR bALL—HOUSE, BUGGY AND UARNEBB.
Tho horse is a good raid horse, Is sold for want
of ufc. Inquire at 162 South Peoria corner of Jack
snn>t.
1?OR SALE-CHEAP—ONE SHIFTING-TOP
buggy; one coal box open ono democrat, light:
one light double harness; a tine lot of Portland cutters,
bnffnlo robes, Ac,; also a half-top barouche to trade, at
HATHAWAY'.', ffOSteUvAt.
17-OK SALE TEAM HARNESS, EXPRESS
harms*, boggy, harness, carriage harness, on
hand or mode to order,at J. A. ISLE, 113 East Twelfth*
et., comer Thinl-av.
FOR SALE—SOME BUSINESS CONCORD
open and top buppiesatlowprlcesjalso, just re
ceived iomo lino carriages, at reasonable prices, to
suit the times. 325 ami 327 Wabash-av., corner of con
gregs-ft. PENNOYER, SHAW A CO.
•\|r ANTED—A I .OHT SASH AND DOOR
wagon, by th* O. C. M. 4' 8, Co., co rner Twenty*
second and Moremi-ata.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER WANTED—MUST BE A PRACTI
caI engineer; business, manufacturing, and
comes under tho scope of hU knowledge.- References
required as a rare opportunity la offered to tho right
man. i Apply at onco to WM. PEARSON, 144 west
Twelfth-et. ror 3 days.
AItTNER WANTED—TN MILLINERY, TO
increase an established cash business. Excel
lent location for building up a large Jobbing trade.
Addre«s BoxJCC. Kansas City, Mo.
ARTNER WANTED—WITH $3,000 TO *5,000 IN
an established dry goods house. The remaining
Eartncr will Invest that amount. Call or address W 82,
noth Paulina-st.
IJAR'INfcH WANTED—A THOROUGH -BRASS
firlNhor of-experience, witli some capita], to
open up a gen- ral brass foundry business. Address B,
8., I4fc Tw» nty-eccond-st.
ARTNER WANTED—A MAN WHO CAN COM
winnd a cowl contracting and building business,
and wants to put ca.ooo t*» <«,w>o into m MMh. door, aaa
blind factory and rrneral Jobbing shop, to be establish*
c<l to C lilfsco. Address INGERSOLL, IVlbano ofllce.
SEWING MACHINES.
IJORPALB-A NEW-MANHATTAN SEWING
Machine, SSO under cost. Apply at 725 State-st,
Third floor.
JIL LEROW A CO.. IS WEST TWELFTH-BT..
snppb’ tbo celebrated Rleea machines, with ALL
the extra attachments, at tho regular price. Those
who loft their machines by tho fire can have new onoa
on old contracts.
TRrEED. SINGER, AND WHEELER A WILSON
T.“ tewing machines. C. K. Nichols, formerly at 130
South Clark sL, now open at 144 South Halilod-sL
Maddncs sold on easy monthly payments. Sowing
snrrbwt to those who tteaire 1L
V\EED, ""jETNA AND OTHER FIRST-CLASS
T sewing machines sold on easy monthly Install
ments. Work Taken In payment. Machine supplies
always on hand. W. F. BTICKNEY, 127 East Elgh
t«ffllll4.
MISCELLANEOUS.
All persons having claims against
Williamson A Parks will please present them as
soon as possible, at 108 West Lake-sL, for settlement.
E. C. WILLIAMSON. C. W. PARKS.
IVOKCKS LEGALLY OBTAINED FOB DB
sertion. cruelty, eto. Fee after decree. Bight
years’exiierience. Address Box 1037 Post Offloo.
I ENGRAVING TOOLS AND BIATERIALS CAN
J be obtaim d at N* XL TAYLOR'S Wood Engraving
.Offlco, SO West Madiacn-st.
SPECIAL MEETING OF THE DOMINION
Ecrexclect Association-will be held at Justice
Austin’s office, corner Randolph* and Halstod-stv, this
evening at 8 p ra. Full attendance la requested. A. B.
SEELAY*E. eocrciaty. _
CONTRACT FOR THE CON
TT bthuti’D of small wooden buildings, or work 12
cart enters oa small percentage. Building ii-idewalks
maaoH epicialty, by A. C. SPEER. Address'or call
«t
TO LEASE
110 LEASE— LOT 25 FEET FRONT, ON THIRD*
av.. near Harrlson-st. near Van Baron-st. Brick
forpplo. SNYDER A LEE Real Estate Agents. Na
9 Sonth HalFt«d-st.. corner of Randolph aU
O IJABE —40 OR 80 FEET BY 100 FEET DEEP
on Wa*htngtou-Bt., near Cliamlier of ConimcrccT
to be Improvnl at rnco witli a flrut-rlasa building for
banking. Insurajice, or cnnrnierdnl busluosn. Annlr to
J. T. Wsslilnglon-Ft.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
srp rlor tone and finish also a good secund
1 and cne. cheap lor coab, at S5 TwoJitvtblnl at.
:to rent-stores, ofhoes, *O.
TIO BENT-TWO GOOD OFFICES ON KABJ
side of Mlchigan-av. (Lake Park), between Con
cuss and Van Ruron-sts. Apply on premised to WM.
J. BA RNEY. Land Agent.
f|U> KENT—UN OFF NIGHTS—STANDARD
X Hall, with stage and scenery; The only ilral-class
place In Chlcag-. fur lectures, concerts and amnseroenta}
will Beat ],ooo. Box office open Crum 10 to 12 a> is.
Mlchlgan-av. andThlrtecnth-tit.
f|\U RENT—DIysK-llOOal AT COM MISSION
X house 18 East Taylor-at, between State at. and
Third-aw.
TO RFNT-THK NEW STORK, ‘H KINZTEST.,
corner of main entrance to th« now WeiJs-st. do
pr.L Also, lunch counter to rent In baaem-nt.
rpO RENT—A X.ODGE HALL ON NORTHWEST
X conuTof South Clark and Eighteenth sts. In
qniro at AB. CANDLER, 331 South Slule-aL, cp
►talrs.
mo HINT—DESK ROOM IN STORE +t.i STATE-
X «L, opposite iv-oa court, occupied by Ditrbold A
Klenzlc'u safe store.
a IO KENT—IN THOMPSON'S BLOCK. SUITE
of 6 rooms, 2Sx7O, eecuud hoor; light and airy, with
a fire-proof vault auitohlo for a Urnt-rlaas lunarunce
company or ary light busim-ss. Apply to WM. XL
THoMPSON,23 Went Mndiwm-.-d
rfU> BENT—IN BT. LOUIS LARGE 5-BTUUV,
X double front store. Noa. 217 and 219 North Main*
st., between Pine and Ollvc-sts.; store 41x145 feet to
alley; lately occupied by Messrs Dodd. Brown Co.;
possession given January 1, 1872. Apply to J. K.
KAIME A BROS., Real Estate Agents, 516 OUve-dL,
St. Louis, Mo.
rilO RENT—IN ST. LOUIS—LARGE NEW
X store, o0xl.V) feet,on Fllth-eL, half block xurth of
Southern Hotel: possession given December 1, Apply
to J. E. KAIME BROS., Real Estate Agents, 516
ORvest., PL Lonla, Mo.
TilO RENT—A BRICK 11U1LDING-ODX7S FOUR
X fttorvond bademeut, on Adams-aL. 83 feet eaat of
State. Will bo llnJshed to suit parties routine. In
quire of t. n, BROWN. 182 South Peoria-aL, between
12 and I or after 5 o'clock, p. m.
r«TO KENT—ROOMS WITH BTK-\M POWER, 2
X floors 63xloo. and
on or before January L*L, 1872. Inquire of A. L.
BROWN,:corner of Vanßanmond rnmklin-sts.
riiO RENT-ELEOANT IRON PROMT—II 2 LAKE-
X st. 20x140, fnar ttorics, with Idgh celling, and a
w ill-light t fll A-emcui, t« bo comideted by February 1.
Tenant* wrntfHl; for further and partfeu.
lan> arply to BAIRD <v BRADLEY,UB South Canol-nt
110 RENT—ON ELDREDGB COURT—NEAR
a new one-story ahd basement brick
building, the first floor suitable for offices. The bo.se
ment will be gracious and well lighted Will be ready
((•r use alHiut November 20. Apply to BAIRD
ERADIdiY, Cb Soutli Canal-sL
r|l«) RENT —FOR BUSINESS PURPOSES—
X DwelUrur liun«a fits brtwoua Clrtvrulh
awsrign eenth Kts., 2 largo parb'rs* 13 smiller room*,
and made to suit partiea wishing to -hire.
GRANGE SARD.
rrio RENT-SECOND AND THIRD FLOORS
X and l)nsem*nt. 4C South Deaplainod-aL. f«»r light
merchandise, printing, publishing, Ac. A, KIDDER,
office in rear 4d
n\o HKST-UKOt FKONT OFFICE OVER 30
X and 3? South Canal&L Apply to JOHN F. HATII
BONE, third tlcor.
TO 11EXT-I OU BUSINESS PUUfOSES OR AS
Irdplngrm ms—A very tine suit of parlohk Also,
one or two single room* to ro.spouslhlo parties onlr.
Apply on premises, t:-? Wabash-ar., between Four*
teentn and slxtccnth-bt*.
ri'.O KK.N'r-’lWn FRONT ROOMd IN THE
X finest business block In tho city. Apply to M. D.
BROWN. 4* West
fl'O RENT—IN BUS! v KBS PLACB-1 FLOOR OF
X fc iioms. Apply 170 CarroU-sL. up stairs.
f|\L» RENT—HUS* ’LASS ROOMS FOR BUSI-
X rifs fllift*. at.f"4 Wabash-nw Apply oa b_u
pienUso. to the PRAIRIE KARMKR CO
TO RENT-K00225.
mo RF-NT LOWER PART OP HOUSE 5J3
X South Uearlnn n-st..n rooms. |25 per month.
RENT-TWO FRONT ROOMS SUITABLE
X for buslm purpo.se*. or the same partly fumUhetl
fur houeekeef ing. No. *j7 Atelier av.
fltO RENT—FURNISH F.L) FRONT RAKLOR AND
X bed-room. st south Jeffcrson-st. up stilrs.
rro KENT—ROOM SKA*. IN EGAN S BUILDING,
X Mndiiain-st., near Fifth av. Apply at the build
log. or at 771 West laiko »r,
TO HEST-HOUSESJ.
ri'O RENT-HOUSE AT EVANSTON. AND FUtt*
X nlnne for t-ale; nearly new. Addrcaa H. C. A..
Till nne office.
raiti RENT—HOUSES »J2 AND Md W.vRAStI AV’
X furnished oraiifnrnlKhed, ftirresidenooorb'wlu' l
pmi »*«*s. Apply nt 842 Wnbadi-nv. from 8 to 10 a. m.,
or From I, N«*. V> Sneth Cnmd s't.. bal ineo of d v\'
rjtO RENT—MOUSE WITH 10 ROOMS RESIDES
X void fie* end closet*, stnml c;tr-4 p;usa cho.duir.
Vi-nut me f» r mle. t win r going South on account of
ill I ealth. A|u>K 372 W cht Vim BunuisL
ri'O RENT—ID'UsK—VTUREE-STDRY MAIttE.K
X fnu.t m d baMMiieist, and luick strtbbv. House
lontnins 14 n* h:s. I’ntt or rnnittiiro for aalo. Very
low r»Tt. Ii quire nt MM Wabnsh-av.
r|\U RENT-M-RMSiIKn HOUSE—A 'HI II-
X reglily fm id*h« d hmsm* In the mux deelr iblo I M»•
lien In E\nu»ten. r«»*ehKjen given at on.ui. A*»ply
toj.Ti RHONE. 007 W;ibaf.h-ftv., or at IVot Ofllco In
EvenKtm.
T<» RINT—THREK NEW BRICK HOUSES,
two Klruie* and b:i.'emi!;t, Ju>t finished, with nil
imdein Imnjuvemenl*. *llua:c«fuu Uoii<»re..d a hdf
blc< k Mint hof Madlr>uu-*t- cara. JNO. G. KOOEetS,
e?-3 West Menrrc-i-t,
AGENTS WANTED.
•,4G>.NTS WANTED-TO SELL TUB GREAT
a\ Ihio; or Cbloapu, her po*t, present, and future.
The oriirtn. progres.-. and ref ulta of the Great Chicago
CenPpgnitien grnimlc acene*. Uicidenta. and detlHa
o( the dlr*aatcr: It.*t of the principal bankers, manutao
tnrers. and merchants who are 10-ers; a iMraidoto pic
ture of Chicago, before and after rho Uro; tho trade
and commerce of Chicago, and detank of ltd rotcdclpal
artnlru, and the great fired of the world, by Oeo. P.
Upton and James edieuhnn. A.*b*K;lat« Eillton* cf Tbe
Chicago Tribune. A look otT about 8W p.igra, fUastrat-
M by the teat atti.ds. and will bo worthy the confi
dence of all. WLI be sold exclusively by subdorlntlon.
Agents wanted in every town. Adilroaa UNION
Py'RLT q H T NG CC IPS Twoetwaooondjrt., ndeaffrf
AGENTS U'A \*T ci> FOR CIIICAODTaND
-f\ _ M|« prMt CumUAnUtia," br ITetan. CuliMrt aad
Chambcrlhi. of Tlie Chicago Tribune. A concise
history nt the past of thia m<wt wonderful of cities, and
a detailed, clrcumatantlnL and most vivid account of
Its destruction by tire, with ac-ccos, Incidents, fta To
be complete In ons hondsomuly bound octavo volume
of about 500 napes, with numerous illustrations by
Cbapln Gullet, from photographic views taken on
the spot. Agents* bound prospectus (price, 60o) now
ready. For Circulars, etc., address J. GOODMAN,
Pybll»h&r. ta South Gre«n-«t., Chicago.
AGENTS WANTED il’iTO $24 A I>AV, IXI
every county In the United stated, to sail a newly
patented article of great utility and absolutely needed
in overy honsehoUi,* For further particulars aiMreae
THE CHAMPION MANUFACTURING COM
PA NY, Cleveland, O.
AUKNTb WANTED—SI6O A MONTHt EMPLOY
tnenti Extra Inducements I A premium horse
and wagon for agents. Wo desire to employ agonte
for ft term ol seven years to toll the Huckoue S2O Shut.
tie Sewing Machine. It make* eatttih alike on both
side's, auel Is the beet low-priced licensed machine in
the world. W. A. HENDERSON CO., Cleveland,
0.. or PL Lools. Mo,
4 I«m8 WANTED—THE GREAT CHICAGO
xa. Fire. The crowning horror of the nineteenth cen
tmy. ICC,COO petrous reduce*! to beg-guy. Fearful
scenes; heart-rending incidents. l.Orto copies of this
Iss.k btlllnc per day.. Sample copy, port pabl, 50 cents.
This Im ok contains ft splendid map. Illustrations and
a retv full history. Address J. W. GGODSPEED,
ri.lcaro, Cincinnati, or feL Louis.
Agents wanted—ss to fiu per day can
be made bv either sex. with my new article*.
Samples feut free, C. M. LININOTUN, 93 West Mon
rie-.-1., Chicago.
Agents wanted— everywhereforthe
Heme <»f God’it People. The grandest and most
aiucefwlul new Iwok out. One agent took 114 orders In
10 days. Cnr circulars (sent free) will give full partic
ulars, tenon, etc. Address If. A. PARKER i CO.,
i:> 2 South Morgan-fit,, C Idea go. HL
Agents wanted—in every town and
county to sell tlio lot eat and most novel invention
fer marking linen, books, cards, etc. Send for circular
to A. 31. RICHARDSON, General Western Agent, 121
South Snngamon-st, Chicago.
Agents can make fmj per month in
selling gong door bells in different towns and vil
-lln res. OTMvtm minutes’ work to adjm-t one. Address
J. V. HAYS, 51 Smith Unlated-st, Chicago, HL
BUSINESS CHANGES.
A CALL* FOB HELP AND CAPITAL; filo.ooo
««n be cleared on IB months’ lease now In running
order, at M 2 Booth StatesL. near railroad depot.
For sale-byd. w. eld red, 220 ran do lph
fit.—custom grist mill, with three run of stones,
good water-power, 16 acres of land.d\vclling hooso, Ac.,
about <SO miles from Chicago, in a lino fanning coun
try. This properftr will 0© ©old for two-thirds of its
value, on easy terms, or exchanged for city property.
HOI EL FOB BALE—NEW YORK HOUSE,
Naperville, HI. to be sold. Apply to or address,
L.-GRAFF, Proprietor.
TWTOTICE TD BREWERS—RARE CHANCE TO
Xv make money-. For sale, rent or lease on good and
favorable terms, in the city of New Orleans, the well
known Zeolly’s City Brewery, with a first-class bar
twm attached. situated at the corner of Magazine and
Dclurd Ms., right in the*heart of the city. The build
ing was built especially for the business, and is a Hue
brick building, and In complete order, maclilnery and
everything. A plan ol the brewery .can be seen and
alpo further and more satisfactory Information can be
had by applying to E. A MILLER, Money Order Do
parlmcnt. Post Oflice, Chicago. 11l
PHOTOGBAPU GALLERY* FOR SALE, PRICE
i.vh worth SSCO. Have other business and must
si'll th Nn opposition; 2,000 inhabitants, country tra-le
equul to 1.000 more; part on time to the right min. Ad
dress W. B. BOUTWELL, Bluo Island, Cook County,
Illinois.
SODA WATJbK MANUFACTORY, DOTTLES,
boxes. borwa and wagons, for Bale cheap. la
ar.iro no West Madlson-st.
(s^n/\ LU 15 A nnLrrrrrEßWiT kt* ucw
CJP tl VI v incAH and 11,000 stock; clears JiOO month*
ly. No bonds or farther capital. 663 Htate-st.. Boom Z.
6pji\n WILL RUY A HALF INTEREST IN
VeJW genteel basin©** that before the fire could
u< i have been bought fur doable the amount. 130 West
W»aMn‘gton-wf.."RooTn t.
FINANCIAL.
MOKkr TO LOAN-ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
and valonblepereonal property. The same bought.
TUNNICLIFF, 422 West Jaok6on*st, formerly 133
Dearborn-st.- r
Money to loan—in sums to suit—
on Chicago real ©state, without waltlnglTfor new
titles nr legislation. C. J. HAM BLETON, ,lOT West
Washlngton-at.
Money to loan on household forni.
ture and pianoa: also, oo watch os, diamonds, sil
verwaro; same bought, E. ROGERS, 137 West Mon
roo-sf.
lIEPUBLIO INSURANCE COMPANY—I WILL
L buy adjusted olalms agalnat this company at 464
Wabaen-av. D. K, TENNEY.
TO LOAN—MONEY ON CHICAGO HEAD Es
tate. 0.8. HUBBARD, Jr., 70 South Canal-at.
Tip LOAN-45,000-ADVANCES on houses, on
.>leased lots,- and on country-acceptances drawn
by responsible houses. here.. Address, G 44, Tribune
omce. r
TO LOAN—MONEY.ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES
and other good collaterals. Room 12, No. IS3 Woct
Madlaon-Pt.
TO LOAN IN SUMS TO SUIT.
vpvUiUUU tor6bor9odava.onfliatclaaeaecurilr
ties. Good secured paper bought andeold, at ill Wa>
baah-av. H. LOWRY.
<n fUV AAA TO LOAN ON FIRST-CLASS
qpJ.UIJ.vUI/ property In Burnt District, for
purpose of improvement. •Property must bonnlncura
be red. and the fee in the party borrowing. Money on
hand, no delay. WM. D. KERFOOT A CO., 89 East
at.
(SfOllA AAA-TO LEND •ON 'ILLINOIS
tpJiUU.UUU farms, for five years, at ten per
cent interest and a ocmmiaslon. J. F. NJCHOLS A
Co. ffi Canal ft.
WANTED TO RENT
XATANTED—T*» VENT—STOREROOM OH RVr-E-
Yf nn I for business purpoees, »lthw on Weet or
Sorth Side. Address W.R.. Tribune office.
TX7ANIEL-TO RENT—A FURNISHED ROARD
lun hi me. Cnrefnl tenant and prompt pay. Ad
dirfe No, 45 E*ft KlnzltfSt.
X\T ANIFD—TO URNT—A COTTAGE OR SUI TE
T T rf itvn.s by a man and wife on tho\VG».t Mrte, or
wrnld luiv rettape and lot, price $3,000 or Itwe. or a
I ct.eecr ut will* longlcrw; wIM per ft few hundred
r.-ih if cofh, tahmre in :n:talmcuw. 'Answer with
lull i friicvlfre, a a I l ave not time to run. after bar.
gains. Address W. F. J,. Tribune oftice.
WAHTED—MAKB HELP
Allacellaneoii*,
Wanted— a strong Dovcro drive nr a.
r»-tv and wh<» Mn-»k.-» German. A'viu „t
MORRISON’P, 271 Blue Iflbuul-rw. 4 J
*\V ANTED—A SOY Witu BESIDES ‘.ViriluxS
\j parents, at 47 Xlubburd-court, up Kt.Urs.
■\TrANTED A SOBER. INDUSTRIOUS
\r who thoroughly nurti'rat-uuls faking rare of
and to elp»p in bam. Apply at ill y.e.-t .Tuiuoi.d st*
XVANTEB-SALEI>rEN FOR OtJlt ~N*EW'|J 5J
agricultural Implement. Best selling anicl.. m
tto mart-f t, *2»>o per month ♦a*ily cleared. KI.MBALL
A CO., I*-"* W, M'l-11-nn-at.. Room 12, Chic 150.
f and one boy 17 years old at the Bally
office. Cl Canal-el.
■WANTED—PINERY HANDS TO GO OUT TO.
TI day. rriH’. fare. Also ifO Railroad laborers to m
South. Cheap tickets cold South. E. A. ANUELL,
21 Weft r.ar.noij'h-bt.
■\\7 ANTED—2ft) LABORERS FOR MISSOURI.
11 Carpenters, pinery hands, men to go South and
otherbelpat 10a Wcatliandolph-at. upstairs.
XIT ANTED—TO LEAVE EARLY THIS DAY. rq
Ti men for the pineries, choppers, sawver*, and
!cj meters a winter* work, and free fare given. ADo
qimny and fan* hands wanted; cheap ticket* to rj
South. Employment Headquarters, itucm 31-2 LluTa
Bloek, Bar.didph-st. bridge.
Bookkeepers, Clerks, *tc.
WANTED— A MAN WITH THOROUGH PRAC
-11 Heal knowledge and experience In all detail* of
the retail crcceiy business. Unoxci-ptloanblo refer
ences required Apply, between U and 2, at 821 stato
eL. titt-MUilra.
\IT ANTED—AS SALESMAN IN A UETUL
iT dry’goods store. In Logansport, Ind, an active
young mao, with some mvperienc-j in the triMiness, who
can speak German and English, and I* willing to wars
for a moderate salirv; ‘-•stiafactory reference from for
mer employers required Address Box vs, Logins-
*rr r ANTEI>—A FIRST CLAS’* S BOir BLE-ENTit r
IT Boi;k-keci>er. Addrcie, with reference, P. O.
Lex 1786. St. JoHcph, Mo.
*\\TiVNTEI>-A CLERK WHO MEANS RUST
TT uess and ‘‘nothing eL-e.** A goo*l knowle-lge of
the retail trade and satisfactory reference indisneasa
ble. LmBOIS, SWAN «fc RICHARDS, Elgin. lIL
TITAKTKP-t A thoroughly competent
T t bookkeepix*, who writes a plain bqpd anil .juice at
figures. Addrtw*, in handwrltlogo: hppllcant, *Litlng
aafrty and reference*, M. CO., ill West R-ind .lph-^c.
WANTED— A GOOD BOOKKEEPER AND COit.
II respomlent.- Stita salary expected ago, wfec
cnces. Ac. Address J. Tribune office.
r f Trades,
TtTANTKD—A FIRST-CLASS WATCH MAKER
IT to a r»llablo man st*mly emMernifm? will i»«
gtvrn. Aflorrsa a. it. riaitiLTc;spnngnel>l t 18.
WANTED—WOOD ENGILV VERS—TWO MB
TI clmnlcal Journeymen, and ono machlnoruler.
Addre?-*, wltli speclmena p-3d*aJary exrectodL 1L la,
PENFIKLD, lamisviUo, Ky. 4
"IVANTKD-SO P A I.NTE!Us; AL-O 3 FIRST
TT elfins earring blackamltly* and helpers. Good
wage* ami Mendy exnptcvrncnt given bv the STUDE.
BAKER BROS. itANUFACTURLNGf COMPANY.
Smith Pend, ind.
ANTEIV-4L .CABINET MAKERS; STEADY
t v employment, ami gm*! wage* given. It. 8. CAR
TER CO., comer Lake and Jeffurson-bts., fourth,
floor.
TSrANTKD—ANOTHER FIRST-CLASS WATCH
maker; can put good waxes if skilful aud tem
perate: no Intemperate man wUI l»o retained. Apply
to TA BEK BROTHERS, Calm. IU.
TVASTED—I «OOI> WAGONMAKERS AND
11 n-me farm for Texas. Free transporta
tion leave Umorvovr. Apply to-dar, lOiMUwaukeo-ar.
r ANTED-10 SIOUK BRICK LAYERS, oX J.
ft s. KIRK «t c«vs {Wstorv buildlup, a'A xv). and 283
Nertb Water-fL, North Side, cast of ilnsh-at. bridge.
Jllglutd wages j aid.
WANTED—THREE liOOUll ARNEBB MAKERS
1 1 inurcdlalolv at <*3 Wont Lakcst,
"\\f A NTill)—2o STONE-LATE US AT CHAMBER
It of Commerce. cor. Washington and Ivut-iIIu-A*,
pear Cotnt Honse. L. RAYMOND, Sw^y-
WANTED— TNVO OR THREE GOOD TJNNEitS,
nt N**. li» South Wells-st., to whom ateody work
and p> d wrpet* will be paid.
\V ANTED—FIVE CARPENTERS TO WORK AT
I* tlieFvnmiit; wagosSi-TO eml b-jard.
raWeat Adsmset. C. 11. CLVKKE.
WANTED-FEMALE HELP.
Dlißcelluneou*.
TUANTED—GOOD GIRLS OF EVERY NATION
idity for tirr-t-chos jl.ute* In cltr and country,
A t-j \r at M i>. THOM FSON’S. Ifnrj St-lw-t.
DotiienUei*.
\\T ANTF.D—2 GOOD TO COOK;
t wa-h end iron one t*» do second work. F-»r taw
p'Es Hat want up«« d h«»int» and sure pavall wlnt.«r, a
p-’« dcl «ree. No high juiced er hl.th n -lion girls newl
«n ly j.t 7-«s Wala>h uv., between Fcurteeuta aa.l alx
tt** ill -eK*.
W* l I l I; —AT h HE JOHNSTONE HOUSE, IJ*
T T sr.d 12,7 We?t Madison. 2 pi.l* fur dlaiag-ivotu
and I:iti 1. 1 u w« rk.
\V ANTED—A I.UUK-AT THE «»Ln ORIOJNAU
rent Collfemhi rhiil ivAtanmnt. M S. U-^JL
aiTOAHOrib
iUlaecUnneon*.
SITUATION WANTEI»—A YOUNT. ENOT.TSIT.
man tl oroogblvncqi'alntM with ever.* braook of
whrJ. bale n* «i mail treeerv. nlso under.Ma.ui* oiflew
werk. Ik e j ni fi.r an c-nj agement at n m xlornte nulary;
I"r»l nseremo can bo "i.Uined fr..m late eov
rlrye..-. tl f n-rh t*arkern «f thi* c;ty. Ago SL Ad»
di«>* I* S B, 101 Weet Wa.sjdugtou.h*..
nnokkeeper*, I’lrrl s, &q,
SITUATION WANTED—IN AN OFFICE. TO DO
n lUlngnid c dle'tlnp. by :iyoung man Hyoanidf
age, r I gei'il, indnstrinu* UabU*. Can gteo rezonsnoea
It ivij'rwL Adilie** I* H..Tribune oiUc«*.
SITUATION WANTED—BY A YOUNG MATT
of u» vi are' expel lence. to take charge of a illiilor
rei in In ln.iel or restauniut. or would go in a grocery
bt< re; can clve good reference If reouired. Addr«*s
C A. 1.. Tilt.ine oilier.
Cni’ATlOX WANTED—BY A YOUNG MVN
O who nnderstonds buying and soiling lumber
thoroughly; lias hNi ago**! knowleilgo of biokVcv?*-
irg.de. For particulars and rcßrcaca ad-.Uvfd D SC
M, iTibune c-fllce.
Trades*
OITUATUin WAn-voi,—no IinUUTmJ rtTHavi*
K? drangblbman on tlr*t-clasd work, or ip»rtntond
enee. Addrcos J MV. 20v West Madtson at.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FKMAxS
Ollßcellftoeoiis*
QITTTATIOK WANTED—BY A LADY’AS LEAD*
O Ingacprauo in a church choir. .SomU, s;d© pee
fem <l. Address Kn Pralrie-av. F. COLE.
SITUATION WANTED—BY A MIDDLE-AO 2D
German of hlcadv habits. fpcoks and read*
wtll writes ccnmimly; could make himself useful
in a note], grocery store, or any kind of work of thaa
dwHj.ll* n. Kolervnce given If required. Address
WM. i\.. Tribune other.
Scimixtressn.
SITUATION WANTED—A YODNO LADY K!t
ia?ricuced in bnllimv Berlin, filik-embrUdery
work, diflrva employment of the kind, must be In
the South Division. Address for two days, CE. owe
of Letter-carrier 45.
Ql’ifAtlDS WAh*TEI>-lIY A RESPECTABLE
kT* SvimUsli girl, who can.run.machine, and la handy
with flu* needle, in a fitoro «r private family. Please
address A. P-. 71 Gmrt-p’nce.
BOARDING AND LODGING.
SOUTH MAY-ST.—PLEASANT FRONT PAR*
I lor, suitable for two gentlemen, with board; sl»\
•lay board for two. Refrrcuce nxpilroL.
Qi| ABEHDEEN-ST.-ONE SUITE OF I’LK-V.p
•Ovf act rooms end on© large room, with board; loca
tion very central; house with ail modem luiprovo
incuts; nrst-clasa.
Qa ABELDEKN-ST.—IF THE GENTS TiiAP
O"/ called, wanting boanl for four or five gents, wJI
cell ngainnt once they can bn accommodate!.
Q*T PAHK-AV.—TWO PLEASANT PAtiIAHwS
O I fmuhvhed and board for two gentlemen and
wives; hoof© tlxst-claw. and good location; tenaa
moderate. Referenn s required.
A-| EIGHTEENTH-ST.—MRS. TAREK, FOR*
metly of 207 Michlgan-av., con accommodate m
Itw dry boarders.
004 MICHIGAN-\V.—A FEW DAY LOARD-
Out ors accotnnuwtatrrt.
QAff.ftlUMH-ST.-O.VK PLEASANT. UNFUK*
OsTO niehed front room, one famished, to rent wteb.
bean*, terms mederate.
/-XX* WEST WASIIINOTON-ST —PLEASANT
OtrO room. famished or unfurnished, with good
board, in private family.
87Q WABASH-AV.—ROOM TO KENT WITH
i O boani, and day boarders accommodated;
a spacious bom to rent, suitable for livery or star*
house.
QQ4 INDIANA-AV.—TO RENT WITH BOARD
Out rooms furnished or unfurnished: also, a few
day boarders accommodated.
LOST AND FOUND.
I?OUND— 0CT.27. ON WEST ADAIIS-ST., BUS
•He of of bedding. HANK RICE, l» South Hal*
sted-aL
LO&T— #o0 REWARD—ON THE DAY OF THJtt
1 great hr»s a violin. In a black case. The above re
ward will be glven, ami no question* asked, to anvooe
returning it to Ist Park-av.. or sot Micldgan-av.
LObT-A -PAIR OF LARGE WHITE WORK
herfiea- A liberal reward will be paid if returned
to 063 H.HoistedaL T. LACEY.
Lost— .taken from gilletts stable;
corner of state and lllinols-sts., the night of the
great fire, a two-scat rockaAvay carriage. The
will be rewarded by returning to CARILvRT, LSNYXS
A CO., 204 Mlchlgsn.av.
FU U N D—A iAbY’H 11UEAST-PIN. OWNER
can n-covcr by caning at 10- S Indiana-av., proving
property, and paying cost of this notice. Call at noos
time, or la evening.
otuTJIJiJJ
JC 1 lor children and school books, marked 14 Walker.**
Inquire at Omaha Hinnies, corner Twenty-third and
Slate-et. M. C. WILBUR.
The person who took a concord open
buggy, with plated clash rail, wooden boot, covered
with Imloer, fmm Pcunoyer Co.’s house, comt» at
.-Wabafh-av. and Congre««Md., will please return it ta
game place and save himself trouble.
U&CBIMUIY.
Ames* engines, portabus a to -w-horse
power; threshing. Sand 10-horso; circular saw
anifl, Foremen’s grinding raiiia, com anellers. belting,
etc. COLLINS EATON, Agent, 70 SouthGanal-ot^
BRANDY'S* STATIONARY AND POBTA3L2S
Engines and sawmlUADanlebi A Woodworth’s plan*
ere. sash ticker and moulder, shaping machine* and
mortising machines, M Canal-st. P. W. NORTHROP,
Agent.
For sale—one two hundred horse
power low pressure beam engine* with throe tubu
lar ooUere and their connections m perfect ordar. n.**
I12JC0: price tSfiOO, E. WINCHESTER A- Oo_
4*9 ana 4a>Fedend-4rt, Boston.
For sale- -w or so feet of heavy shafp-
Ing with* bevel wheels and pullers, cheap for caah.
A. N. KELLOGG, S3 South Caaal-at.
Machinery— shafting, pulleys, and
hangers: machines for folding shirt.fronts:all
kinds of wnppnvw«i tnftrfttwM wMng paper boxcar
psper collar machines of. the most Improved styles
perimental machinery and models: machlueryfundah
ed to loeere by the Are at reduced prices: at w.M.TOTi.
HPIOTS Machine.Works, Troy, NrY? P,&-Ajrais
wanted In Chicago. i
TEP-=A ghTAIL-SECOND:HAND
-Tt pump, with brass valvee and plunger;
Sosnutrof old aaJVbsrrela. AdarOiw- ftase
M A CO. P. O. Rot gu.
PERSONAL
TJERSONAL—WANTED—THE ADDRESS OF
JT Edward Pedetty. a painter by trade, lately la c».
©apb- Any information of hl*-whereabout* -win b«
tbflnWtdly received by his parent, JOSEPH PEDBT*
at New Diggings, jAfayetto,Cooaty, >Yla.
PKKSONAL-fco.oo UtWARD'i'OB TUB AL
_dfe^‘fTnl "‘right or Emilio Gray. AO-
'i n TUKE or SUL BiBTKHS, at
Gl ore w.
FOR BAl£.
FOR SALE—DAMAGED GRAIN AT- THE
burnt eleratora. in large or small quantities. W*-
-tmera will And thin a rare opportunity to secure rheaa
.Apply on the premlHee or to JOHN McQLAS,
JmA N.. No 4X**w.Tb fanwl wt.. Vhlragp.
50.0» TO
cleamd and ready for delivery. To be seen opmet
of retF.pstf llU*»«*l>*te, F, M. UrVLK.
I/01l s^UK—BRICK, j. E CAN LAN, WE»T
Adams-bt.
r73C3s