EMPORIA. HEWS.
JACOB 8TOTLKII,
KBtroa amu FaorataToa.
Friday. October 13. 1871.
e Sws much tbs larg-eat cireulatloa, and
tbs bast edvsrtUlnr nedlam. of an 7 paper in
Central and South .rasters tutu. Business maa
WUI piaaaa nota thU fact and act accordingly.
FOB PRESIDENT IN 1872,
ULYSSES S. GRANT.
THE MEULST MAS IX AMERICA.
A .telegram from Indiauapolis In
form os that W. Kx. Eiigtlsb, the
wealthiest man of Indiana, worth at
Ibast one million dollar, opened his
heart aud anbacribed tba mm of one
dollar! lu cash, for the sufferers by the
great lira in Chicago. That man dou't
ataud aa much show for ilea en aa the
"wickedest man in New York."
sa si
GOOD 5ETVS FBOJt BUTLEH COUMTT.
The Ballroad Bond Carried.
We learn from reliable sources thai
the propoaiilon to vote $200,000 in Un
builds of butler county to aid in build
ing the Walnut Valley road, u carried
011 the 10ih lust, by a good majority. The
nmj .rity to lar at heard from waa 115.
a id it wa thought that other township
would uot decreaae It. We hope work
on tbe road will be commenced at
once.
aw
A CHABACTEKlSTiC LETTER FU0M
GKAXT.
Grant It always noble aud nnselfiab.
Tbe lollowlng tela ram waa sent b
him to Hon.'Samael Hooper, of, Boa
ton, on Wednesday, dated at tbe Exec
utive Mansion, Washington
"Would it not bo well for the good
people of Boston to dispense with the
ceremony and expense of a public re
ception on the ogcasion of my visit to
yoor city, and appropriate the fuud set
apart for that purpose as is deemed ad
visable for the relief of sufferers by tbe
Chicago disaster? I am snre such a
course would please me.
Rlgoed, TJ. S. Gkaxt.
THE EA8TER5 ELECTIONS.
rtnusjlvanla. Ohio and Iowa all Repub
lican. Tbe Chicago fire ao nearly absorbed
tb attention of the public and telegraph
lines that tbe election news from OhI,
Pennsylvania and Iowa Is very meager.
Euongh is known, however, for as to
make the gratifying annoencement that
they have all gone Republican by large
majorities. The major' ty in Ohio is
20,003; in Pennsylvania, 10,000. The
Penusylvrnla legislature is strongly
Republican. The Ohio legislature is
:lose.
A CIBCCLAB LETTER.
Executive Office,
Topeka. Kansas, Oct. 11.
Whereas the calamity which has re
cently befallen the city of Chicago ap
peals strongly to the people of Kansas,
and whereas a large mass meeting held
at Topeka unanimously requested the
btato Agricultural Society to take
charge of and forward to the sufferer
such aid as may be contributed by the
cillxeiisof such portions of tho Slate as
are without local organizations for that
purpose, in cumpliauce with the request
of prominent citizens 1 issue this circu
lar letter recommending those wishing
to mate contributions tor that purpose
to forward to care of State Agricultural
Hoclety, Topeka. marked "Chicago re
lief." James M. Uabvkt.
BBIUUAX 1M COURT.
Silt Lake advices of the 9th give the
following account of Brigham Youug'a
appearance in conrt:
Bilabem Younir, accompanied by a
number of elner-, appeared at court
tliia afternoon and waa held 10 anse
in the sum of S5.U00. Lie pasei
through the crowd up stalls to the
court romn alone. Many hat were re
moved and other 'Xirolna ol' respec
shown, but 110 shout, or noisy demon
titrations. Hi appearance before Jiitttce
M'Kdii was quiet and riigiiiflVd, liu
he ceeined evidently feeble. The otH
err of the court allowed him ever
kinduea, provitlliig a large eay chair,
and keeping t'i crowd at a distance.
The council of Brilliant flrst put in a
plea of abatement, which was overrul
ed. Tbe next movement was to quash
tbe indictment, ou the ground of the
iuditcmeut'a enumerating sixteen differ
ent charges, in alleging that be Inc vi
ously cuha'iited with sixteen different
women. During the argument, on tbi
question Brigham retired. The council
for the defense will continue speaking
to ibis motion to-morrow. Everything
is quiet to-night, although multitude
or exciting rumors are lu circulation
In tbeeveutof conviction there may be
troublescarcely otherwise. An as
eembUge of tbe Mornon legion took
place in the tabernacle last evening.
The proceedings arc hot yet id ado pub
lic. The conference adjourded last
night until April 3d next. liiigbani
was again elected first president.
THE CHICAGO FIRE.
Wo give up a large portion of onr
space to the details of the terrible con
flagration in Chicago. We do this to
accommodate our subscribers in tbe
country, many of whom take no other
paper, and all of whom will be anxious
to read the details of the most devasta
ting conflagration of the nineteenth cen
tury.
Tbe heart almost sickens in contem
plating the loss of life, and property,
and the great safferlug produced by
this fire. We suppose there has been
nothing to equal it, in any respect, since
the great fire at Moscow. The Are at
8t. Louis in 1810, and the one at Port
laud, a few rears ago, were terrible in
their results, bat nothing like this one
at Chicago. The nation will feel the
shock, not only In sympathy with the
thousands of sufferers, but in a flnan
clal rolnt of view. We shall not be
surprised to hear of a severe money
panic in New York on account of it.
Many of the insurance companies can
not help but bo swept oot of existence,
while the Unsocial standing of many
others will bo sensibly affected. Hun
dreds of men which wore millionaire a
week ajro aro now almost penniless, and
through their misfortunes others are
great sufferers. Iu two short days mill.
iona of the spleudor which man erected
by his energy aud industry, was swept
from the face of tho earth, and left a
smouldering pile of ashes.
But the worst feature of tho disaster,
perhaps, is iha suffering brought upon
the poor. Thousand of families are
thrown out of homes ai.d employment
aud left upon tbe charities of tbe pub
lie. The Chicago fire is a national ca
lamity. We shall not soon recover
from lu terrible effects. The iuot
cheerlal aspect of the disasier is tbe
promptness and cheerfulness with
which the people all over the nation
are responding with offers of assistance
Hundreds of thousands of dollars have
already been forwarded to the suffer
ers lu money, provisions and clothing.
While these rosy alleviate tho immedi
ate ueces.itics of tbe destitute, we al
most tremble to coutem plate what is to
become, ot them during the winter
months which are almost upon us. It
Is the duty of every citizen to contrib
ute something, if possibly- in their pow
er, to provido for the poor and unfortu
nate. In another plase we publish a circu
lar letter from Govenor Harvey which
gives direotlons as to how these contri
butions may be made. We have entire
confidence in the parlies through which
they' may be made, and urge all to send
what tbey. foel able to spare, provided
ao local movement is mad,e 1 aid the
Chloajfo suffers.
THE CHRISTIAN STATE COXTEXTlOX.
The State convention of the church
of Christ convened at St. George, Kan
sas, on Thursday, September 28th.
A fair representation of the Evan
gelists and delegates from different
parts of the State, together with the U.
3. Eovangelist, Elder Thomas Munnell,
combined to render the convention
pleasant and profitable.
The devotions were fervent, and the
deliberations were harmonious and
bopefnl.
The State board elected consists of
Elder J. W. McCleery. President; Eld
er S. G. Brown and Elder A. D. Good
win, Vice Presidents Eider Allen
Crocker, Secretary, aud Elder Johnson,
Treasurer.
Eider J. M. Rankiu was elected State
Evangelist.
The State was resolved into three dis
tricts, separated by the Kansaa and Ne-
oho rivers.
It is proposed to subdivide tbe dls-
iricts Into field of labor and to secure
an Evangelist in each field, and for thU
purpose to hold a convention in each
Ii-trict,at which each Evangelist in the
lUtrict la expected to be present aud
ech cbutcb to b represented by dele-
ue, and by their rantutl etf rta effect
he sub livlaiou and distribution of the
vork.
It is reason tbly cl timed for thi-
cbeme of co-operative Ubor, th.t it U
both tangible ami effective, and only
evrails the. response lu Importance de
mands to render it success mot igual
and lasting; and it is confileutly ex
pected that a m re thoroug'i organizi-
ttuti will ho afflicted and a more com
plete co-operation secured.
The meeting was highly fraught with
interest and promise, and adjourned 10
meet at Emporia, on Thursday, before
the next first Lordsday in October,
1872.
a a
ATLANTA.
This new town has last been selected
by the people of Rice county as their
county-seat.
We have before us a beautiful car
toon picture of tho town, Issued in
Chicago. It is situated on the line of
A. T. S. F. railroad, fifty-five mi es
northwest of Newton, and thirty miles
south of Ellsworth, on the K. P. road,
where connection Is made by stage, it
is located within one mile of the geo
graphical center of Rico connty, near
Cow creek. Tho town site has been
entered, and there is no trouble about
making titles at once.
The lot drawing is to take place on
the 5th of December, 1871, and certifi
cates for five lots each aro now offered
for sale. There are already twenty
houses in this place, including a hotel,
stores, etc. A town hall is soon to be
erected, and lots have been donated. for
co urt house, school house and churches.
Good water is obtained at a depth of
twenty to thirty feet. The town is
sin-rounded by rich bottom and choice
uplands. Tbe county is watered bv the
Arkansas, Little Arkansas, Cow creek,
Little Cow Creek and Jarvis Creek.
Timber is found iu quantities sufficient
to supply the wants of the farmers for
fuel. During tbe past season one colo
ny of fifty families from southern
Ohio settled in tbe connty, and tbe cit
izens are noted for their enterprise.
Good homesteads and pre-emption
claims can yet be had in this county,
and there seems to be no doubt but
that the county now offer rare induce
ments to those seeking homes foe colo
uies. As a stock-raisiug county uone
can surpass Rice grass being plenty
aud the wiuters mild.
Several of tbe leading citizens ol
Emporia are interested iu tbia town.
Captain Jo'iu Sebaai Ian is Pit-tidut ot
the Compiuy; U. E. Kul-ey, of the
iiriu of Ulu-k. KeUey, is Vice Pie-i-ieut;
O 1. Bo man i S cretary ami
Measurer, ana uol. J. 31. Sirele I a
member of the Coin puny. Tbe uieu
liou Ot the name ol theae citizens 01
Etupoiia will be sufficient guarrauu
mat the intereal of llie towu are in the
right kiud of baud-, aud that il will be
made a good point if enterprise, energy
aud money cau make it ao.
AN OLD CITIZ' N OF EUP IKIA MUB
VKKtt BK lUk l.DlA..
The following is from the Pueblo
(Col.) Chieftain, of October 5ih. Mr.
Iladley, as many of our citizens will
rememDer, was tor some mouins au
employee of this office, lie was quite
extensively known to the towns of
Southern Kansas. All will regret to
learn of his death. Poor Jim 1 He
bad his faults, but with all, had niauy
good qualities, aud it is with a sad heart
we chrouicle his untimely and cruel
death
'On tbe 12th in t., a party of herders
composed of A. H. Haines, J. II. Uill,
It. J. ilooie, k.. ji. w omey, Charley,
and another individual who responded
to tbe name or wnisk-y Bin, while rid'
ing along Band Creek, in Bent couuty,
stumbled upon the remains of a wagon
and a tew camp equipments, which
were scattered about over the ground
in much contusion. These Indications
led tbe party to suspect that some foul
deed bad been committed, and contin
uing their search for other evidences,
they soon came upon tbe ghastly skele
ton of a man, who had probably been
killed three or four weeks. Much of the
flesh had been stripped from the bones
by the wolves, but the ground about
the body was deeply indeuted in places,
showing the deadly nature of the strug
gle, while cartridge shells were scatter
ed all around, snowing mat tbe victim
had fought bravely, aud probably
against fearful odds, to the last. The
murder was no doubt committed by
some of Red Cloud's braves. AU the
clothing was gone, but tho scalp was
untouched, and examination showed
that the left arm was broken, while tho
chest and legs of the untortuuate man
were riddled with bullets, each produc
ing a wonud sufficient to cause bis
death. From the position in which tbe
corpse was found, it waa evident that
tbe man, alter Having oeen leu toraeau
by the Indians, had attempted to crawl
to a ravine near by iu search of water.
aud had died in the attempt. Near tbe
mutillated corpse was found a large
memorandum book, while the ground
was st rued with letters and photo
graph which tbe Indians had evidently
examined aud throwu away as useless.
The blood from the baud of tbe mur
derer is still visible on these letters,
aud from them we are enabled to es
tablish tbe identity of the victim. It
seems that the name of the murdered
inau 1 James A. Iladley, and bi last
place of residence Emporia, Kansas.
The family 01 tbe deceased brloiig.it
seems, to the Society of rVieuda, lor
the well kuowu expression, peculiar to
the order, thee" and "thou, are com
mon. First we notice a letter from the
father, wno writes irom Dublin, Indi
ana, beat lug the date of Juue 27, 1871.
Tni is well wriiien, aud contain ome
good, fatherly advice, among the rest a
bint to be careful about endorsing note,
for other pa ties. And tutu we have a
note from Jame's sweetheart, a young
girl who writes from Heeper, but gives
no other crue by which we can aS'-er
tain the place. They are like all love
letters, interesting but for oniy two
persons iu tbe world, but they breathe
the spirit of chaste maideu loveaad de
vo'iou. They are now crumpled, toru
and stained with the life blood of the
lover, who probably fought to the last,
iu cited by tbe memory 01 tbe maid who
wrote them, but they are none the less
binding. The meeting which sbe so
earnestly prayed for will take place
some time, but In a happier world than
this.
There are also other letters, one from
his elder sister, Sarah, who seems to
reside at or near Lawrence, Kansas.
The photographs, or coarse, embrace
the relations of the deceased and are
uninjured These, together with the
letters and memorandum book, are in
our possession, and will be delivered
wh eeUt4 fpf.
CHICAGO MADE DESOLATE
The Best Part of the City in Rains
THE GREATEST FIRE OF THE
CENTURY.
SCoseew Over Assln.
The Fire Fiend Bevels with Beslstless
Fury.
Sixty Lives Lost.
Klles upon Miles of Buildings Bunted.
Loss $200,000,000.
110,000 People Homeless,
Fiends fling to Lamp Posts.

All the Sewspaper O faces and Hotels in
the City Barned.
Belief for the Sufferers.
Prompt BrsponiMMi from the Principal
Cales.
Foil Particulars of the Fire.
Chicago. Oct. 8.-12:30 a. m. The
luuii trinLle !i fli.giutiou that ever
occurred in ihUeity, broke out blf an
hour ago, and having already awepi
over tix entire block, still rages wiih
unabated lury. 'I he tiie started, in m
large plaining mill fcltua'ed between
Cliutou aud Caual aud Jackson aud
Van Bureu elreeie, about the ceuter ot
thg block formed by these streets. The
wind la blowing very freah, tbe Amies
epread with almost incredible rapidity,
and iu a lew miuutes the entire struc
ture wa a mass of fire. Tbe immedi
ate vicinity is built up mainly of small
wooden tenement bouses and two story
frame building occupied as groceries
and saloons, aud tbe inmates, many 01
them startled from their slumbers, bad
barely time to rush from the bouses In
the scanty attire' of night, leaving their
household goods to destruction.
In several instances children were
hastily wrapped iu blankets aud quilts
to break the lorce of their fall, and
thrown irom second story windows to
the ground.
A close estimate of the entire loss
place it at from $250,000 to 1300,000,
with probably one half that insured.
When tbe alarm for this fire was
sounded, another fire of consid
erable magnitude was raging on
Wells street, near Adams. Several en
gines were necessarily kept at work on
this. The rest of the eugiues were soon
on the ground, but before tbey arrived
tbe fire bad spread over so large aa crea,
and was so rapidly spreading, that tbeir
efforts seemed of little avail.
Between Canal street and the river
were several lumber yards which were
entirely destroyed. At this hour the
fir has made a clean sweep from Van
Bnrcn street north two blocks to
Adams, aud west to Clinton, three
blocks to the river. The wharves be
tween Van Buren aud Jackson streets
are burning, and tbe wood work of the
western approach to Adams street
bridge is destroyed.
A coal yard containing thousand of
tons of soft coal, aud situated Between
the tracks of tbe Chicago, Alton, Pitts
burg and Fort Wayne railroads aud the
river, is burning furiously.
Tbe immense grain elevator of Vin
cent, Nelsou Co., one of tho finest in
tbo city, is immediately adjoining;
though intended to be fire-proof, there
seems to be little doubt but that it will
be destroyed, as the iuteuse heat to
which it U ubject will crack the elate
with which both roof aud aides are cov
ered, it coutaius many thousaud bush
el of grain of all kinds.
The di-pot of the Pittsburg Fort
Wayne, aud Chicago, Alton Si- Lu
i rail road a are eilua.ed north of Adams
aud between Canal street and the river.
One of the light wood 11 sti UJture,
occupied as au eXpie-S office, was iu
fl tines at liiiduiglit aud i undoubtedly
d royed.
LaTEK. 1 :30 A M. The fire i appar
ently racing as liercely as eVi r. 'I he
liloclt 01 buildings on the Uorih i-ide o.
Van Bureu hi ei I, w liich il was ili.mln
au hour uo would be aavei), i now
trapped iu flmea. The elevator is
ae so lai, an. I the fire ceeiiia to be
toreadinic 111 aeouihet direction, uoi-wilh-landiug
the wind it now direct i
rom the south and blowiua haid. I lie
glare Irom ihe bliZiug buildings lights
ihe at eel tor halt a mile away so that
one lua see to read.
The fiie dt pari miut are now on the
giound and making almost superhu
man etferta to stay the flames.
Tbe losses will probably already rnu
into millions, and the end is uot yet.
Shortly alter oue o'clock this a. in.,
the Are, which raged so furiously last
uigbt, was got under command, and
proves not to have been to devastating
as was supposed last night, the district
burned over embracing but lour instead
of six blocks, a reported last night.
The district is bounded on the north by
Adam street on the west by Cliutou
ou the south by Van Buren, and ou tbe
east by tho Chicago river. Some four
or five buildings within tbia district
escaped destruction there being among
them Vincent, Nelson Co. grain
warehouse, one of the largest lu the
city.
The grounds burned over were cov
ered with lumber, coal and wood yards,
a flouring mill, box factory,- vinegar
factory, &c, and a large number ot
dwellings and saloons of tho poorer
classes.
11 r. M. The fire-fiend is abroad
again to-night. At 9 :45 a fire broke
out on Dekovon street, between Jeffer
son aud Cliuton, and spread with great
rapidity. At this hour some four blocks
are burning and there seems but little
hopes of staying tbe flames.
The wind is strong and the fire sur
ges through the frame buildings with
fearful velocity, taklug everything in
its passages.
Tbe blocks burned were closely built
with two story frame bouses, occupied
as dwellings, stores, boarding houses,
saloons, etc.
Tbe loss will probably be greater
than that of last night.
Later, 12 :45 a. m. To-night Is the
roost awful iu the aunals of the city.
The fire has already swept over a space
of at least tbree times aa large as that
of last night, and is still rushing on
with greater fury than baa marked any
stage of it progress. Tbe engines ap
pearing almost powerless.
lire Marshal Williams bas telegraph
ed to Milwaukee lor all the fire engines
tbev can spare.
Not less 1 ban three hundred build
ings have been destroyed and more
than that number of families rendered
homeless.
Tbe wind is blowing almost a gale
from the south and showers of sparks
aud brand are sweepiug over the city,
threatening destruction ou every baud.
THIED DISPATCH 1:15 A. M.
Tbe fire ha greatly Increased in fury.
It has spread almost Witb the velocity
of tbe wind, aud has now reached West
Uuiou street, a distauce of more than a
mile Irom where it stat ted aud covers
au area of nearly bail a mile, reaching
Irom tbe river to Jefferson street. 1 be
district already burued embraces a
large number of lumber yards. The
lieiflrhi depots of the Chicauo and St.
Louis, Pittsburg, Fort Wayne and Chi
cago railroads are among other ptoper
ty, valued at several millions of dollars.
The prospect of arrestisg the fire
now seems leutoldleas tbau an honr
ato, and uo oue cau tell where It will
atop.
Fire brands were blown across tbe
river and set fire to tbe building close
to tbe fire. Tbe flames spread in every
direction, and the prospect i that tbe
ga boune will be destroyed aud the
city wrapped in darkneajr
A terriide panic is prevailing through
out tbe whole city. Almost everybody,
men, women and children, are in the
streeto, and praying, weeping and wail
ing is heard in every direction. It now
looks as if the whole city might be de
stroyed. A large uumber of lives are
believed to have been lost, but nothing
defiuite la known. The alarm belt Is
now ringing with increased peal, the
design being to call every sleeper from
bis bed. The panio is Increasing and
tbe people are almost crazy with alarm.
The vessels in the river are catching
fire in every direction, and all on tbe
sooth aide ot the rivar will probably be
41111714. v
rousTii DisPATca 1 'Ao a. it.
A raging, roaring hell of fire envel
opes twenty blocks of the city. It is
already within a block of the telegraph
office, where this dispatch la written,
and is sweeping onwaid in a whirlwind
of flames, against which human efforts
are powerless, and it la impossible to
tell where, it will stop. Tbe bridge
across Van Buren street is burned, aud
the Chicago, Alton and Ft. Wayne
railroad tracks, cars and depots are
swept away. No language can describe
the awful scene. The flames sweep
throng b blocks of wooden buildings
with tbe rapidity of a prairie fire.
Thousands of people are rushing out ol
their dwelling, in many instances bare
ly in lime to aave file.
Latest, 2 :10 a. si. The block across
the street irom the telegraph office is
A..0 Tl... I I ...ii.J I'V-
VI, UIL. AtlO touch uno milCUi XHVJ
aro probably burned down.
Chicago, October 9. The whole bu
siuea portion of tbe city is in ashes,
from Harrison street north to Chicago
aveuueaud east of the river totbe lake.
an area of three miles iu length and a
mile 10 a mile aud a half iu width
Every hotel, bank, express aud tele
graph tiffice, theatre and newspaper of
fices, wim all the wholesale bouses iu
Ihe city, are totally destroyed.
Many thousand dwellings and the
water v orks were destroyed early tbia
morning.
The wind is blowing a perfect gale
irom the aouinweat, with a sRy 01 bra.-s
No one can tell what the end Hill be.
frilly thousand people are homeless,
moot or them iu a destitute condition.
The unburned streets for miles are lined
with houehold goods. No oue dare
ililnk wnat the loss of lite may be.
The Unites awept through the city witb
tbe rapidity ot a praiaie fire, and many
lUUsl have perished.
The Wtsieru Union Telegraph Coin
pauv ha aucceeded in geliim; up a lew
wires Irom the hastily impioviscd ol-
flee in ihe t-oulheru part ot tbe city, es
tablishing coiumuuication in nearly ev
ery direction.
Muuincent oners or assistance are
coming tioiu every quarter.
9 :30 a. m. The entire business por
tiou ot the city is destroyed. All the
bauks, express and telegraph offices, and
all tbe newspaper offices, six elevators,
aud tbe water works, aie gone. No
water in the city.
Ten thousand buildinsrs are alreadv
destroyed. The fire has burnt a distance
of five miles, aud is still racing.
St. Louis. October 9. The abrupt ter
mination of tbe latest dispatcbea from
Chicago last night indicated that tele
graphic communication was cut off.
ibis proves true, but this morning
dispatches nave been sent by connec
lion with wires outside of the city.
ineir import is fearful.
A dispatch to Mayor Brown of this
city irom Chicago, save that tbe whole
Dusines6 portion 01 me city is in ashes,
aud asse tnat 100a be sent to tbe sutler
ing people. .Mayor JUrown is 1 ow at
work providing means for the relief of
sufferers and otber classes. Our citizens
are doing tbeir utmost to aid them
Universal sympathy is felt here and 1
uoble and geuerou response will be
quickly made to the appeal from our
terribly stricken sister city.
Another dispatch says tho board of
trade building, bherman and Tremont
hotels, Illinoia central depot, court
bouse, water works and a large portion
of tbe splendid structures in tbe bust
uess portion of tbe city are in ruins.
Tbe entire fire department in Cincin
nati is out aud a portion of it embark-
inir on a special train for Chicago to
assist in arresting further destruction
Mayor Brown has received a dispatch
from Chicago, aekiug for food for tho
sufferins; people of that city. He has
called a mass meeting of the citizens at
the Merchant's exchange, at 12 o clock,
which will be very largely attended
The sympathy hero Is universal, all
classes expressing the deepest feeling
of sorrow for the suffering, and a no
ble and generous response will be made
to the appeal tor aid.
Mayor Brown has a special train
standing ou the Chicago Alton track.
ready to start at a moment s notice, and
take fire engines or anything else that
may -be requited to relieve the suffering
or aid the distressed.
The streets in front of tbe newspa
per offiices are thronged witb peopb
who are eager to obtain tbe latest news
ol the mgbttul calamity, and tbe usual
topic ot conversation is the terrible
distress of the people aud the feariul
destruction of property.
The mas meet ins at the Merchants'
Exchange at noon was the largest one
ever held there, and people 01 all clashes
tnd conditions poured iu to express
syiupaibt or contribute aid. Some
evenly thousand dollar were r.ilsed lu
I tie ppace- ol an hour audth- meeting is
till iu session. Committee will be
Hppnimed to canvar the cit for mon
ey, .0011 and clothing, and arrangements
am nlieady made tor tbe reception ol
such a tide at hotels and other point,
at when they will be packed up by
iransier companies in wagons and tak
en 10 the railroad leading to Chictgo
It has alreadr gone abioad throughout
the citv that hungry women aud child
reu iu Chicago want food, and by night
there will probably be provisions
euough cooked to load a train.
Another mass meeting will be held
to-night and the work of raising money
and auythinir else needed will be done.
The e 111 pat hv 1 very great and the
disposition to relieve tbe distressed aud
autierinir is universal.
Tbe Merchants' Exchange subscribed
one thousaud dollars and many firms
and individuals nve thousand dollars.
Lateb. A dispatch has just been re
ceived from Chicago asking tor fire en-
tn ties to be sent at once. The dispatch
also says the fire is still furiously rag
inir. Noon. An awful work of destruc
tion goes on with relentless fury from
Harrison street south to Dearborn
street north, and from the river to
the lake, an area four miles long
by one wide. ine names nave
swept everything before them. It is
estimated that at least one hundred
thousand people are homeless and iu
suffering condition. The streets, in the
district still unburned, are lined for
miles with, such household goods as
have been saved from destruction
Most generous oflres of assistance in
money, food or anything wanted, are
coming from every city aud town possi
ble by telegraph. Ihe Mayor has re
sponded to the several offers, asking
that "cooked food be lorwarded as soon
as possible." Firemen are on their way
here from Cincinnati, bu Louis and
other cities. The water works are en
tlrely destroyed. They are now blow
ing up buildings in tbe line of the fire
as an attempt to arrest its progress.
Later. It is now believed that the
spread of the fire southward has been
stayed at Harrison street; but on tbe
north side there is no dimuuition of its
fury and that entire division of the city
is evidently doomed to utter destruc
lion. There are. grave fears that the
flames may spread to the west side of
the north branch of tbe river, and the
iiihsbiunta of tbe street nearest the
river are already moving to places of
supposed greater safety. rhe Western
Uuiou Telf graph Company have now
six wires ruuniug east and south iuto
a temporary office on the corner of State
aud fourteenth sireets.
ihe rtorth western railroad is run
ning train 011 both its branches, which
are crowded witb seeing citizens.
It ia now positively ascertained by
some that the water works are intact.
but that tho water has been shut off
irm the west aud south divisions on
account of tbo quantity being used on
the north side. A reliable geutletnau.
just arrived Irom tbe north diviaioti,
bungs tbe grati ty ing luteiitgeuce that
the water works are Uuinjured. God
1 ant it may be true!
It is impossible now to give even an
approximately correct atatemeut of
iosse, but a faiut idea may be formed,
wheu it is stated that every bark iu the
city, except to small sating institu
tions, oue on Twenty -second street, an
other in the south division, and one ou
Randolph ureet, are destroyed.
All wbolvaale stores and all large re
tall establishments, the post-office,
court bou-, chamber ot commerce, the
Southern Hotel in sooth division, ex
cept the Michigan Avenue Hotel which,
siaudiug 011 the extreme southern limit
of tbe fire, escaped destruction every
uewspaper office (the Tribune building
havljg filially succumbed,) every thea
tre, six elevators, t.he immense depots
of the Michigan Southern aud Illinois
Central railroads, bath passenger and
freight depot of the latter, more than a
score of churches, and much of the
ahippingin tbe river. Men who were
millionaires yesterday morning are
nearly penniless to-day. But more ter
rible than all is the awful certainty that
many human beings have found fiery
craves. How many no one can tell
perhaps no one can ever tell, but some
are known to have perished. There la i
a Jksjtieeal9f fetvthat Ike Ttsts?M ef
the fiery monster may be counted by
scores.
Hundred of horses and cows have
been burned in stables, and on the
north side, numbers, though released
from confinement, were ao bewildered
and confused by the sea of fire which
surrounded them, they rushed wildly
to and fro, uttering cries of fear and
pain until scorched and killed.
Any attempt at a description of tbe
scoues of this appalling calamity, would
tbe simple facts tbat tbe once great city
of Chicago is destroyed; that hundreds
or millions or active capital have van-
isnea, aua tnat nearly one-tbird or ber
inhabitants are homeless, are enough.
Any attempt to embellish would be but
mockery. As this awful day draws to
a close thousands of anxious eves
watch the dense cloud of smoke which
still rolls over the burnt district witb
evident dread, lest a sudden change of
wiud may turn tho flumes upon apart
of the city yet spared. There seems.
however, little cause for this apprehen
sion aud reinforcements of firemen are
constantly arriving from other cities.
Colouel J. J. S. Wilson, superintendent
of the telegraph, is in receipt of dis
patches from leading cities, announcing
tbat food i being provided for the suf
ferers. Mayor Brown, of St. Louis,
telegraph that seveuty thousand dol
lars have been subscribed by the mer-
cliantM.
Cincinnati promises one hundred
ihouaud aud Cleveland is proportion
ately generoifs. All this and a great
deal more will be needed to relieve the
immediate, pressing wants. About
three-lourths of Ihe Uuited States mail
was saved and taken possession of by
Uoionei n oun, ot the post-oSice ser
vice.
6 p. m. The flames in the south divis
iou were finally arrested about 1 o'clock
p. m. This was accomplished by tbe
blowing up and demolishing of several
buildiugs, ou Wabash avenue and Con
gress street, by Geu. Sheridan. One
hundred blocks were burned in this
division, including all tbe leading busi
uees bouses, bank, -insurance offices,
hotels, etc A large uumber of church
es, including bt. Alary 'a cathedral, the
1st aud 2d Presbyterian, St. Paul, Swe
denborsiaii, etc The Metbodiat church
on the corner of Wabash ave and Con
gress st s., as well as other fine build
inirs and residences were saved.
All the newspaper establishments are
totally wiped out. The 'Jribunt build
ing resisted for several hours, but final
ly yielded wheu Mcvickers theater.
immediately adjoining, which had also
withstood tne raging elemeut, finally
succumbed. Intact all tbe buildinsrs in
tbe district which claimed to be fire
proof shared the same fate of those
which could make no such claims.
Tbe great central depot at the foot of
L,ake street became a be&p of ruius.
The district burned over on tbe west side
comuieiiceii at Taylor street runninir from De-
koven street to Job neon. It ran tben lour or
five blocks nurtb and tben moved diagonally
toward tbe river, and finally tbe west line waa
esiaouanea on cnestnut street and reacbed
tbence to tbe river. It moved In this line
northward until it reacbed the Northwestern.
west side depots, where it stopped, a distance
or nearly two miles from wo ere it started
Tbe littsbnrg. Fort Wayne Chicago snd
Chicago Alton depots wen In this territory,
doiu paasenger and ireignt, ana are wiped out.
Almost tbe entire northern division from tbe
main branch of tbe ibicazo river to Lincoln
Park, nearly two miles In length and onn mile
wide, is completely destroyed, including tbe
waterworks.
General Sheridan has to-day telegraphed to
St. Louts to tbe military department thereto
send at once to Chicago one thousand rations,
lie baa alao telegraphed to Omaba for two
companies of regulars and one hundred tents.
Tbey will be all here aa sooa as tbev can reach
here by rail. He will also trder another hun
dred thousand rations.
Mayor Mason bas Issued a proclamation
caiiiDg a meeting 10-nicui id tne west aivtsior
to see what the citizens can do for the relief ol
sufferers.
Leavenworth, Oct. 0. In addition tothi
$10, OX) voted by this city to assist In alleviat
loir the bufferings ol Chicago people, privab
subscriptions to tbe amount of several tbou
sand dollars nave been received. This, to
gether witb contributions from the country
people, wnicn are pouring in, toeatneat Dent
tit and $AO0 from tbe board of trde, will awel
the aggregate sum for Leavenworth to nearl
$20 000. Mayor Ualderman has telegrtphei
10 .mayor atason, or Chicago, tor instruction
regarding supplies.
At a mass meeting held to-nlgbt tbe citizen
contriDuteu ctjeeriuny and noeraiiy. A con:
mittee waa appointed to convey tbe money
aud supplies to umcago and me committee!
now ou Its way.
New Yoek, Oct. 10. The Chicago
flra has created the most profound
sensation here, and has had a depress'
ing effect upon all departments of
business.
Iu all insurance offices the ntmost
anxietv prevails. It is impossible to
tell as et the number and extent o
risks in the New York offices. Man
companies will lose heavily, perhap
some of them will be so seriously iu
lured as to be oOligea 10 suspend.
The scene iu the slock exchange i
ene of the wildest ever witnessed there
D mouiac ells, such a one beard iu
the gold room ou black Friday in '69,
announced the struggles of de-peratc
men to save at least a little irom thel
wrecked lortuues. Gestures of despair,
faces pale with mortal fear and racked
with anguish, were met ou every side.
To a stranger it would seem tint tbe
asaemblaife of well dressed men befo
him were itiaue. Mny a broker who
saw his fortune rapidly slipping from
b's grasp without having power to stay
it, was temporarily mad, and with good
reason, buch a scene has not been wit
nessed since the famous break in Rock
Island last summer.
The effect upou Avail street was tre
mendous. The excitement could scarce
ly have besu less intense than that ex
hibited in the doomed city itself. Re
marks were made publicly tbat the
event waa a sigual for the bursting o
oue ot the most awful bubbles the
world had known that a panic was,
perhaps, imminent. Tbe heaviest hous
es are doing everything possible to pre
vent any pan c by excited and altera
vated accounts. Leading bankers think
11 should be tbe first duty to help Chi
cago and make losses as light as possi
ble. All papers, editorially, ask that
succor may be at once afforded the af-
fl'cted c ty and a movement in this di
rectiun to-day will become general
I ne newspapers, speaking ot the devas
tation, predict tbat tbe enterprising
people of Chicago will rise above tbeir
disasters and soon rebuild tbeir city
and in the end caanot but recover from
their losses.
Uaktford, Oct. 10. The fire insur
ance companies have not yet estimated
their losses, but doubtless the aggre
gate will be several millions. Officers
of all tbe leading companies vigorously
assert tbeir determination to pay every
dollar as rapidly as possible. They
have already begun their arrangements
to tnat effect, 'ihe lite Insurance com
panies have loaned upon real estate in
Chibaro, and as tbe land secures their
debt uo loss is apprehended.
Western XToion Telegraph Office, 16thl
and State Street, Chicago, Oct. 10, 10 p. m.f
To R. S. Vlovery, Hup't. Wetlrn Un
ion Telegraph, St. Louis. Tbe fire is
out on tbe south side. I think it
is burning about four miles from here
(16th and State streets) on north side,
though I cau get no reliable informa
tion. We bad a heavy rain last night
Everything is in the wildest confusion,
ana it is almost impossible to find peo
pie to deliver messages.
Amsok Stag ee, Gen'I. Sup't.
St. Louis. Oct. 10. No later Dress
dispatches have been received from Chi
cago, but a telegram to the Chicago
Aitou railroad official says the tire is
still raging iu the northeast part of the
city, ltnuieuee quantities of provisions
have b.eu- received. Much is being
waMea, tor iacs or system in tne dis
tribution. The terrible calamity bas
excited the most profound sympathy
inrougnout tne whole country, uio
ci u nail ha already raieed some $200.-
000 iu money, aud last night forwarded
a large quantity of oroviaious and
blanket.
Louisviiie naa raised SdO.UUO In a
short tune, aud will probably double
the amount. The council will also take
action. Iudianapolis sent two fire en
gines and a i-quad of police, and raised
$10,000, aud will contribute more, be
sides sending provisions. Cairo sent a
large lot or provisions. Cleveland
raised S 10,000, and took efficient action
to largely increase it. Toledo, Detroit,
EvansvUIe, Baltimore, Albany, Colum
bus. Ohio, and in tact almost everr
town and city haa either raised or will
raise money and send provisions. What
St. Looia haa done has already been re
ported. I be contributions now amount
to over $176,000, and very thorough
measures have been rdoDted to largely
increase it.
Mr. Halstead, of the Cincinnati Com
mercial, sent the Tribune full fonu of
type last night, and other newspapers
contributed liberally ia money. Tbe
city council appropaiated one buudred
thousand dollars, aod private subscrip
tions of twenty-thousand dollars were
made, which will probably be increased
flve-ioid during ihe week. JLUegbaney
City subscribed libs rally, and instruct-
ted the oltv council so scDrosriate I
..i.-t
A few business men witb some nerve
are seeking houses for business. Ou
the west side rooms that rented last
week for fifty dollars sow readily com
mand five thousand. There are not
many of these, but enough to afford a
nucieua lor business.
The newspapers will be started again
in a few days or a week. Hon. Joseph
Medill, of the Tribune, who is one ot
ne Heaviest snuerers, succeeded in leas
ing a building on Washington street,
near the tunnel. He also purchased two
single cylinder presses .used in a job
office ou the west side, and haa tele
graphed east for paperfd type, there
being nothing left here."
jar. story, or tne. limes, will erect a
rough one story bnildiug and begiu to
issue his paper as soon as material can
be procured.
Ube Journal ia provided for on tbe
west side. The Post, Republican, aud
Staats Zeitung wilfelso arrange for bu
siness as soon as practicable, but every
thing must come from thee east as there
is nothing left from the ruins.
Lateb. Tbe fire continued to turn
all last night on the north side, but this
morniug it is under control. It is lit
erally true tbat there is nothing remain
ing of the north side from the river
uorth to Lincoln Park and from the
uorth brauch of the river on the west
to the lake on tbe east.
rirteen numired citizens were sworn
in last night as au extra police force,
aud the Secretary of War has author
ized General Sheridan to employ all the
available troops for guard, and to issue
luu.uuu rations, rive hundred soldiers
are ou duty. This precaution was Dec
essary, tor, as remarkable as It may
seem, there were fiends who still sought
to extend the disaster. Two men, who
were caught In the act or firing houses
on the west side, were, seized and im
mediately hung to a lamp pOBt. One
was caught on Twelfth street near the
river, and tbe otber three got away on
Claiborne avenue, on the north side.
This summary action has checked the
thieves and murderers.
LATEST ITEMS PROS CHICAGO.
Many private houses in Chicago are
thrown open to shelter the sufferers
from the fire.
All the railroads leading. out of
Chicago are carrying, free of charge
over their roads, such of the homeless
as have friends in other places, and this
kindness on tbeir part is being largely
availed of, and many are leaving the
city.
Sixty dead bodies had been found
at last accounts
Several attempts at incendiaryism
have been so severely dealt with as to
put a stop to tbat sort of work.
1,000 U. S. troops are now in Chi
cago to preserve order, and the entire
police force has been placed at the dis
posalof General Sheridan.
Arrangements are ai ready made to
rebuild some of the finest buildings.
1,600,000 bushels of grain were de
stroyed. 5,000,000 bushels remain iu
the elevators.
The following items in relation to
insurance have been collected from Brit
ish authorities: The Imperial of Liv
erpool, loses $900,000; North British,
IJverpool, $2,700,000. Good author!
lies foot up the entire loss of Liverpool
and London insurance at $1,000,000.
The -ZEtna of Hartford, and Home of
New York have each $6,000,000. Hart
ford companies have $18,000,000 in all
and will be paid. Phoenix o'f Hartford
$700,000, all rood. All of the Cleve
land companies are broken. The Com
merciat,f Cleveland, lost $300,000 its
entire capital, but the stockholders have
subscribed $200,000 and will commence
anew. The Pacific and Occidental com
panies lost their entire assets. The
president of the International telegraph
that he will be here in thirty-six hours,
and will be prepared to pay all their
losses, amounting to $300,000. Tbe
Tradesman's, of New York, loses only
$15,000, which-fe already paid. Field,
Lieter& Co. 'a store, cwned by Potter
Palmer, was insured In English compa
nies for two-thirds of its value. Field,
L. Co. had $3,100,000 insurance on
their stock; J. V. Farwell, $1,500,000;
Hamliu, Uall Co.. $800,000. The new
Pacific H .tel bad $150,000 on the buil
diug, all of which was held by credi
tor as collateral security. All of the
Chicago companies are bankrupted by
the fire. All the bauks in the city will,
without a doubt, be able to resume bu
sinees immediately. A number of vaults
have been opened and without excep
lion everything has been found in
state of preservation. Loans of the
banks are made largely to that class ot
business men who have suffered least
from the disaster.
Contributions for the relief of tbe
sufferers are flowing in rapidly. It is
estimated that 100 car loads of provis
ions have been received, of which Cin
cinuati and St. Louis contributed 20
each. Cincinnati also contributed 10,-
000 blankets. Cash contributions must
reach nearly $2,000,000. New York
has raised $500,000. St. Louis $290,000,
Cincinnati $250,000. A. T. Stewart, of
New York, contributed $50,000, Many
of the wealthy men of New York give
$10,000 each. In our own State Leav
enworth raised $20,000 and Topeka
about $5,000. These two cities have
done nobly. Tbe banking housse of J.
S. Morgan Co., London, gave $5,000.
The fire caused a panic of excitement
in London.
A careful estimate of the number
of people rendered homeless, based up
on a recent census, puts the total at not
less than 110,000.
Ihe contents of the vaults and
safes of the various express companies
are reported in the safest condition.
At a meeting of the Germanla,
Hanover, Niagara and Republic insur
ance companies, of New York, compos
ing tbe Underwriters' Agency, of New
xorc, preparations were made to pay
Immediately, upon adjustment, all loss
es iucurred in Chicago, after doing
which the capital of all the companies
will remain unimpaired.
The condition of the water works
is ascertained to be that all three of the
immense pumping engines are badly
injured by action of tbe fire and falling
of the roof, but their boilers are unin
jured and the best eugine Is in such
condition that Superintendent Cregier
says be will have it ia working order
within a week.
ESKBIDUE Bt PLIES TO OTEB
MKETs LAST.
That lrap Uemollsbed.
DiTOB 5tw: I respectfully request a
Pule space in your paper for a very briet re-
ily to tba communication of tbe Bev. B. M.
Overatreet in tbe last iaaus of tba News. I
also ask tbe patient tndulenea of your road'
era and tbe public generally in pieaenting
this, my laat article la a controversy which
haa been prolonged almo-t beyond precedent,
and which I regret to say baa partaken too
much of a personal ebaracter on both si ilea.
Mr. O. present statements to show that he
was loyal and didn't drink All right. I am
glad to know that even from tba diveralflad
aourca comes up confidence in his rectitude
aod integrity. 1 would not uuJuaUy question
aia loyalty, if loyal he was, stor assail hi re
putation ms a minister or a temperate ma
Hut, to use a somewhat homely and common
expresMoo, "we cant am oat always ted."
i rom our observation we all know tbat all
mlniater are not christians 'tbat all temper
ance men are not temperate men, and tbat
some la tbe sonta during the war were loyal
at heart but forced by surrounding elrcum-
stances to show disloyalty. It may be that
the rebel feeling la Texas was so strong that
Mr. O., tbouga loyal at heart, bad to keep so
mam, or, conduct bluuelf in such a Ti"rr
as to lead rebels to believe that be was ail
right for the Booth, sad Ualea man that fcs
was all right for tbe north, and ia this way
bis position Is misunderstood Umoa wltfe
Colas maa sad rvbel wita rsbeJ (from the
tewr ef sawwiaasss, tf yw fSwee) tgsy
tbe conflicting testimony as to his position.
And tbe correctness of Ibis conclusion; Is coa
firmed by an admission wbica arr. Overstreet
himself made to Mr. Hammoad on our streets,
tbat while In Texas during the war, "be had
to whip ths devil around tbe stump. Loyal
mea in Texas might have honestly thought
that be was loyal, and ths disloyal men might
just as honestly have thought he was disloyal.
When a man is "whipping the devil aro unci
the stump," without jou can see iato bis
heart, you can't tell what motives prompt him
to do it. I will not question the letters ol
Revs. J. H. Wright, of Baxter Springs, aod
Wm. M. Baker, of ZaneaviUe, Ohio the latter.
endorsed by Mr. C W. Fotwin, with whom I
have the honor of a partial acquaintance, not
withstanding the Bev. Mr. Baker, in bis let
ter says, '-You (Overstreet) were conscripted
in Texas) for tbs army, by some local con
federate authority," aod, Bev. Mr. Wright
aecma to contradict this b saying In bi letter
that 'he (Overstreet i was exempt from coo-
scribton by virtue of bis prolestiun as a mln
iater." Tbia conacrlpt buidneaa. wbicb Ml
O.'s witnease bave brought to light may not
establish Mr. O.'s disloyalty at all, but it tsay
serve to explain, to some extent, at least, tnat
Mr. Means bad been told that b (Overstreet)
waa a rebel chaplain, for baring been eon-
acriuled, it would be quite natural lor the
confederates to regard him as a fit person for
such a noeitioa la tbeir serWce. Whether
Mr. O. wore two faces in Trxaa or not I leave
tbe public bera to judge from tbs videnee
which is before tbem, myself expressing tbe
desire tbat he hall be held innocent until
more posiuvely proven guitty, confessing,
however, tbat to my own mind, the matter ia
not quite as clear as a sunbeam. The conflict
between the letter of Mr. Davis (taking It aa
genuine) and tbe affidavit of Mr. Meaua may
be placed, if you please, to the credit of Mr.
Overstreet, though one fa sworn to and tin.
others ia nob Mr. Means is an honorable man
and I have no doubt but Mr. Davis Is. What
some men tal k at leisure thoughtlessly. Is
sometimes entirely different from tbe consid
eration of the same matter when tbey corns to
put it In -black and whtte." Hence both may
be entirely honest in tbtir recollection aod in
what tbey state.
Now with reference to the letter written by
young Mr. Carter to the saloon keeper at New
ton. 1 will ssy, in truth, I never saw that let
ter until it appeared in the NKW8 in connec
tion witb Mr. O.'s communication never die
tated IU contents had no hand in getting it
up never proposed to pay anything for trou
ble or notary fees, nor did I know that my
name was mentioned. Mr. Carter is absent
from town; when he returns he will doubt
less maks some explanation. The public will
certainly not hold me responsible tor a thing
of wbicb 1 was entirely innocent. 1 publUh
ed his statement before because he positively
asserted it to be true, and being a youug man
of quick and close observation I shall be ml
taken if there is not something about it tbat
h can explain, and not like friend Adams,
wish it corrected after it la aworn to.
Again: It will oot be f rgotteo tbat in tbe
Urit place, Mr. Overstreet charged, through
tbe columns of the Emporia Nawa, that I bad
stolen a part of tbe appropriation for building
tbe Normal school fence tbat 1 had stolen the
rock that went into tbe foundation of my
building from the Normal school land, Ac,
Tbe evidence, conclusive of the falsity of .u un
charges ha been heretofore published. If I
bave Used harsh language about him I plead
tbe irritating character of theae groundless
charges in excuse for it, and here ask the par
don of tbe public
Mr. O. refers to my war record as being
aolely made up by service in the MKaiaa
italitfu" It appears to me tbat serving with
uialtlia of Kansas is a much better war record
than -'whipping the devil around the stump"
in Texas. No FaUtaff in that! No! And
tben again, Mr. O. could not have bad a very
clear idea of tbe sufferings of either the mail
tia or regular troops any where, when ws con
aider that be made tbe expression last fail
tbe court house that "in preaching the gospel
in Texas he was doing more for ths Union
than the soldiers in the field." Until then we
knew not to whom we were Indebted for our
liberties and the preservation of the Union
While 1 recognize the important service ren
dered the country by all true ministers of tbe
gospel and tbe necessity 01 invoxing tne guia
Ing band of Almighty God in temporal as well
as spiritual affairs, yet I question the value ol
tbat service which is renders 1 in simply
"whipping the devil around ths stump."
Mr. O. says Mr. Adams requests him to
make a correction in his affidavit. Tbat is
what I bave bsen wanting Mr. O. and tbe
gentleman to do for some time past correct
your affidavits. But the correction Is incor
rect. I will say to friend Adams, "try again
think you mean well, but tbat treacherous
memory of yours will not do to rely on.
Mr. O. turn me over to tbe voters of the 63th
representative district and say she apprehend
tbe high-ndnded, Intelligent, christian people
of this community will hardly send me to rep
resent tbem In the next legislature. Becog
niziusT these icenera! elements of character as
important on alt occasions, I hope 1 should
not misrepresent the community in tbat re
spect so far as to snock tbe nerves of even tbe
most sensitive. I make no loud-mouthed
professions as to superior moral excellence
over tbe aversge of my fellow citizens, aud 1
certainly do not wish to flounder in tbe depths
of that moral degredation to which Mr. Over-
street, in his christian chanty Is struggling to
consign me. If be had labored In the legists
ture as energetically for the advancement of
our interests as he bas since to break me down
he probably would have been more successful
So charge wbicb he may make in the fu
ture will provoke me to attempt to continue
this controversy. Though be may have leis
ure, t have something else to do. Many citi
zens here bave known me for a long time, and
all his writing will add nothing to their pres
ent knowledge. For nis christian efforts to
place me in Gethsemane I will be excused for
compelling him to take the road to Damascus.
In conclusion, 1 will say that the people have
repeatedly honored me with their support. I
bave never disgraced them tbat I know of, nor
did I ever betray tbeir confidence. It my
poor services or limited experience in legila-
tive matters are worth anything to tbe dis
trict, and the people desire ft, I am willing,
lor what they bave done for me, if nothing
mare, to give tbeir Interests an untiring and
uoselflsb support. I trust, at leant, tbat the
disinterested voters of the district those who
have no end in view but tbe prosperity of
the people, will vote on tbe day of tho elec
tion, not to compliment me nor my opponent.
nor because either of us are clever lellows,
but vote "business" vote for him who in
your honest judgment w ill best advance and
conserve tbe public interest, paying no. atten
tion to stories or mirrepresentations wbicb, on
the eve oi the election, may be set afloat by
designing men. C. V. ESKBIDOK.
Oct. Btb, 1871.
rosTSCnirr
Since the above communication waa written
and in type I sent a note to Mr. Carter re-
questing him to explain bis letter to tbe a-
loon keeper at Newton and do me tbe Justice
to exonerate me from all connection with it,
Ao. The following is an extract from his let
ter in answer to it, and contains all that is
pertinent to tbe matter in question so far as
I am concerned:
School House, Oct. 10, 1871.
How. C V. Ess: ft IDC Tonr fetter of this
date with copy of the communication written
oy sir. overstreet, is received, in justice to
yourself I mut asy tbat you had nothing to
uo who me writing 01 inai tetter in any way
w caterer tnat your nam as uta oy me
without your knowledge, aod. tbe proposition
to pay tne saloon Keeper ror tbs trouble snd
expense of making tbo statement mentioned
waa a proposition of my own, and I used your
nsme simply to Impress the Importance of
giving it prompt attention.
soars truty,
L. M. CAKTXK
Mr. Carter ssys la soother place In his let
ter to mi: wrote it in about two minutes.
at aoon, while waiting for my dinner, and
possibly It la Just ss I wrote." Bat he ssys ft
was not hi Intention to ask the saloon keeper
to state a falsehood. Hs farther intimates that
be will maks a full explanation when the op
portunity will enable bim to do so. 1 pub
lished bis statement before because he said ft
was true. C. V. E.
BANK.
EMPORIA BANK.
OT 1
Swallow, Heritage SodenJ
EMPORIA. KANSAS.
Drar n site prtsictBftl cities) lis
tbe U. CU either old sr
Csvrresicy Irmita.
We til-taw s31s-r tfee trim
clptsl cities las Earsas fsr
mmr ssamssus wsmi!...
Ceta. U. S. Bsaila mm&
CTosspossas
sUsvsr State, tfesutty,
asiea
IJIatrict Bsmsias statsl etis
atoesBj-itassB
besslil ssad ssM
Berrestwe Stuaps) fistr sals
fattswoes aUlewsxs tlase sleptssv
CfeXltlme
tptJy tatSeSeS ts
ar Mi Amr eT
IS i js.----1--
yE IF JD VBIt
52S, OOO.OO.
NEWMAN
HATE NOW IX STOKE S3S.C03 WOBTH OY
At Wholesale and Ketail.
THESE
BOUGHT DIRECT FROM IMPORTERS MANUFACTURERS
IS NEW TORS AND BOSTON AND WILL BE SOLD
AT PRICES LOW ENOTJGII TO SUIT HAED TIMES.
WE HAVE THS FINEST ASSORTMENT OF
HESS
Ever opened 10 Ea,
Druascls Silks, all wool Sateen French Velou trlptd and Ih1h.
Avoiidale Sulllug-H, Japanese Mike, filk uitd Uuui i up
line, Water lrM.ta all aijlea and colors,
Crape iu all colora, Caalituere Clot La,
Kiuprea. J olh, Fieucti
Merluoa.
OUB LASG1S STuCK. OF
"W OOIjEN 4,
We bought ia July, before ths advance, and
SHAWLS. CL0AKIHGS
Is complete, embracing all
Hats and Caps
KZillixiezr
Aa immense stock
GOODS WARRANTED AS REPRESENTED
41-tf
DUY
1871
FALL JlSTy WINTER 1873
BANCROFT
HATE RECEIVED THEIR
Which is tbe LAROKRT I! THU ST4T8
Tork can sell tbem CUsaMR
OUR
Flannels,
Wool Ynt,
Fae'ory Jeans,
Catslmerea,
Prints,
Delaines,
Alpacas,
Merinos,
Tweeds,
Blankets,
Carpets,
Oil Cloths,
Hats Caps,
Empress Cloths,
Satin de Chene,
Casnmeres,
Cassimere Shirts,
White Shirts.
Drawers,
I I a frrCS
Assortment
Fresh Stock
Ow
"WitfcL IOOI
IS NOW COMPLETE!
AND WILL BE SOLD
Butterick's L&test
NEW YORK DRY
wx hatk jvbt KEcrrvitp a largi woes or x
,,-,.Lar JL
WHICH WILL BE SOLD AT PRICES THAT DEFY COMPETmONI-
OCai STOCK OOSBXBTa Ol
Bleacshed and Unbleached nuslins. 7
TICKINGS. CHECKS, STRIPES. DENIIiS. "TABLE LINENS.
Flannels and! Blankets. V.,.
A FULL LIXiE OF DEESS GOODS'HT
EtfapreM Clothe, Poplins Alpacas
.louses, mo lee collars In new abai e. Hosiery
4 CITe for Gents, ladles sod Cbtldrea. r
Gents FaiiiisW Hats and Caps.
,,-V Y v slC3 Commercial Streets Emporia. IXmnt' Y
urn-
TISEME1TTS.
BRO.
GOODS WERE
GOOBS
oria, consisting ia part of
sell tbsm at lass than old price. Our stock of
AITD LADIES FUES,
tbs new styles. A full lino of
Boots and Shoes.
at lower prices thas ever.
GOODS.
McCARTER
WIKfTSR STOCES,
OF K A MS AS I and by snurehaslna- onr rood, in Xw
than those tba. I
bay la onr n eatsra cities.
STOCK OF
Table Linens,
Napkins,
Toweling,
Closklngs,
Hoods Nubias,
White Goods,
Dress Trimmings,
Dress Buttons.
Embroideries,
Silhs,
Poplins,
Hosiery,
Gloves,
Ribbons,
Laces.
Collars,
Handk'chft.
of New FURS,
of Shawls,
Otlier Article
AT THE LOWEST PRICE.
Patterns All the Time.
EMPORIA, EA3TSAS.
GOODS HOUSE!
Black and Colored 8irke. Ww
air