iht fijrntga |ribtme.ilh
_ j th
MONDAY. €C.OREH 15, 1671. Cl
1 Idi
Tn~ Chicago TnißpNK his ojcaod Its offices at jfc
No. 15 South Canal street, Vest PivMon, and the S(
paper wlliliepeafler'haiegulirly iftoed from that si
place till further notice. ;k
Onr reader* arc requested to notice that we 15
charge the aame price for THE TRIBUNE a* ;be* 1
fore the flrs. 'Slagle cople* can be obtained for b
fire cent* overonr counter, at No. 15 South Canal
street, and there is no occasion to pay the exorbl* a
last price asked by ntwtbov* on the streeu -d
j f
TO ADVERTISER*. l t
Wc devote all the trace we can poidbly spare 1
to advertiser* In thU'mornihs’a paper, and
those who find that their advertisements are left j*
cut will pardon It to the necessity of sivinra I
liir portion of our columns l«» the reading pub- I
lie. The demand for intelligence is not only in* I
tillable, but it U absolutely necessary to the
welfare of the people and the city that i&tteh of j
that which we publish should go to tbo’pnblie. j
~\\’o diride our space between the rcadejr-and the
advertiser, and that Is the best we can do (or
both classes. The advertiser "★ill understand
that the earlier in (he day ha ghre* u» what he 1,
wishes to* h'aro"pubUshcd; knd the smaller the r
rpaca Into which be condenses it, the more
likely it is to find a place in our columns.'
TflEsimnoN.
The rain or Saturday night, the systc-
ir.ntic work commenced by the Relief So-
ciety, the rebuilding-movements in the'
luirnt district, the’orderly conduct-of the 11
more needy sufferers, the presence* of
the military. the discovery that;
ihc cylinders of the event pumping on- i
jilv.es are unharmed, and .will surely be at
•work in a short time,;and finally the'
resolution of. the batiks to resume pay. j
ments in /u!l on Tuesday—Have combined I
Jo put a much more* cheerful aspect on,,
tiffairs. JtiUpthccicitemonlamltcrrorand 1
loss of rest of the past week, there will, j
perhaps, be a temporary reaction, hut 1
it will bring a renewal of strength and
hope: and the disciplined forces i
construction wl* commence work in,car-J
Jicst. The knowledge wc now have that j
the worst is over is itself of. un--j
spcakuble importance; 'for, while every
jicrve was strung tipSu the dread of new
lives no really efficient labor could be .per- j,
formed by anybody. _ r
When, on last .Wednesday, we called
upon the pobpTc'or (Mncngo to cheer up,
wc did not appreciate or estimate the force 1
of character tlmtVasin them. Our citizens I
hare displayed a’ noblo heroism, worthy j
of the abounding charity that has been
showered upon them. -They have shown -i
capacity to help' themselves, and thaW
alone is worth everything in the way of
r-'-Pstablisbing their credit and procuring
riu* necessary capital to ...build
up again.. Let them-jjo onjaa
bdguip riot(‘yjaUing ;ox* Congress,
gods, for donations, ar/dayjiwsi.nn d they
will come out of the fire right side up, and
presently we shall have our Chicago again,
nobler and more beautiful than i
The railways that have done so ;mnch!j
for us, will do more than ever Too
much praise cannot be bestowed upon the
officers and employes of these
great establishments, for' Ihcir :cpol-*
ness, efficiency, and discipline
in this time of danger and trial Nor;
should the telegraph men be overlooked in
awarding thanks and praise... They.found
tbeir instruments gone, their wires-flowp
and tangled in damnable confusion,
office, no implements, nothing left buttheir
experience and their American energy, j
Yet in a few hours they had the whole
country informed of oor situation and
aroused the whole civilized world to our
relief _ :'*V
With tears forlHe dead tad dying, with
sorrow and lender card for the maimed
and. sick, with faith in God, and stout
liearta in pur breasts, we now begin to
clear away the ruins.
DISTUIBLTiOX OF BELIEF-
As..was to .have, the
wasteful aod iudiscriininiitQ di|{rtbulion of
supplies during ‘the last week has; drawn
largely upon the stock.on and,
leaving out what may.be rcfcciv&l in the
jaeanlime, there are not supplies cnodgb
on hand to last more than four or five
«b.ya. The intervention of the authorities’
i_. —ij oCvctCT
days to get into thorough irofking order,
but cvod already things have improved. 1
The trouble is not with the destitute sd
much ns it is with the thousands who haVc
suffered no special loss, hit who harp
adopted the policy of Jiving on the public.
These people, lusty men and women, have
<lrnwn largely upon the slock of supplies,
:ind arc crying 'puJtTondly against being
cut off. 'Hundreds of men and women
jiavc left employment,■' Assuming that they
were to be fed and‘ clothed'by lhc public 1
:vml may live fi:
The raitroaxT lib
ral offer to convey ihc destitute to other
places so grossly abused that they had to
demand that the authority to issue pasties
;-hon!d be 'confined 'td somc'TesponsibJc
parties, who would discriminate between
those entitled 'and those who' were mot
In -the same manner the comrdttlcbs from
xhe various citictf-;which'-sent''hither sup*l
plies bars'. witnessed the irresponsible
manner in wbifh, they were, distributed,
und justice to-(be donors demanded that
the whole busuiest'shoald-. be deduced to a
aystem, 5u wlnclC (ho really suffering
ahould bo protected. Committees liavc i
need appointed torfurbish irmilit to those
who have been burned out, with .which to I
,~»r«ct new habitations. Nothing can or:
to be given to tbbsowho hare not I
been burned out. Committees have been i
jippolnled' charge of the
distribution' 6f “Supplies to those
who have been burned out,
and who. have no other prqseattincans j
ol: Committeesi lava been
ppointed toTlr.d employment for all who 1
stand in need of h,and thOugb this com-1
mittee can find placcsin reTpcctable
iios, at liberal wagesj forJ.iKW women, the?
refusals of such places
proportion of six to each acceptance, .1
.Free food and free clothing havo been pre-1
ferred to scM-sapportingTabot. There anf|
1,000 men wanted to-day to labor, at good
wages, in the burnt district, but, so
there is free food and -Tred 1 -clothing,
Caanot be had* ■lt is au abuse pf charity j
to distribute the gifts, of the charitable
people among men who rcfasc'lo work at 1
yood wages; and who prefer to eailhc bread
belonging to the destitute who cannot wotfcJT
TI»ls. committee trill, in a few days, !rave"a
compete record ;suffercr by the i
tire, and. ..none -of the 'supplies'
will he given
JNbnc .others :&rc 'entitled to these*
Mippiics, and no person,’ should recommend*
suit- person’s fobe 1 ■recipients of those sup
plies unless ihey be' sufferers by the fire.
Every person in'Chlcago, male or female,
5n want of employment can get it, with
out fee, by applying -to ,•the labor
amtlces. Every person who suffered by thet
3irc, and In need of supplies, can get them I
by leaving their TiftmeS
with the proper committee- Tho receipt
«jf supplies /com abroad wnli necessarily
he reduced; bvery mean
time the money will be
'held sacred unlit ncccssflry |o .be used to
purchase food;' fief, clbffifug, and shelter.
The necessity' fur\ a distribution
will be ‘obvious, when it is Yemcmbcred i
filial the winter is close at hand/
To. the. generous people •'■aH-fcvcr the
land we good that the
plies they have sent or may send- shall
‘-I*9 judiciously r s among j
the 1 ;cufle|:ing and that Ihcj
money they.have senior may send* will be;
used economically Tor the sacrcil abject.
fur which it was intended: By 1 far the
larger portion of the puffprer? are j&dtd by/
I
icir personal friends until such times as
icy can lake care of themselves. These,
ic most deserving class of all the suffer
rs, have not been seen at the supply
epots, and arc struggling with scanty
aod and Utile clothing until they can get
omelhing of their own. Thcae v people
hould be encouraged to make themselves
mown, and such aid extended as will
ighten their temporary wants.
.'The Mayor and the Aid Society have a
aborious task before them. They deserve
he public, thanks for their interference,
md the public appeal to them, in behalf of
he exclude every
form of Irresponsible action by any per
sons holding official position, or otherwise,
in the management of this great work lor
the core and support of the poor.
PREPARING FOR TUE NEXT FIRE.
The IhtUUy of locking the stable door
after,.the horse-is stolen is proverbial
Equally futile would any suggestions as to
the best preventive of fires seem after the
city is burnt up. Any hints, therefore,
which may bo made on this subject, in
these column?, most bo taken as referring
to the new Chicago which has already
commenced to grow up from the ruins ot
the old Chicago. The cause which operat
ed most fatally to render the catastrophe
of Sunday night complete is a matter of
no question among those who arc ac
quainted with our city. It was the large
area of inflammable -buildings, lumber
yards, and other tinder-boxes with which
the multitude of really noble buildings of
central Chicago were surrounded. The
magnificent piles of marble which lined
our husincssslrecls, and of which wc'bad
begun to be so justly proud, had been seen
and admired by so many visitors from
abroad that the complete destruction with
which these palaces of art mel on that fa
tal night has excited, oven outside of Chi
cago, -no legs 'astonishment than
•iOfrmr Chicago had, 'Up "tO with*,
in a.very few years, the reputation of being
the moat wretchedly-built city of its siv.c
In America. The miles of marble stores
and churches, and public buildings,
through which the visitor, of the last year
pr two, ling been driven, in "doing” Chicu
gq, bavo dissipated this unfavorable opin-.
ioTtofthe outside world, and drawn to odf
city' a great measure of credit'for its husi“
j ness architecture. ihit this nrebitectun
I had its weak points, and these have non
been made gainfully'and vividly apparent.
The fault of the fire, however, lies more
t with the public itself than with tho arebi
i teeth. "Wc have been loo,good-nalurfd to*
j ward ihosc who have, to save a few bun
i dred dollars of tbeir expenses, persistently
kept in jeopardy the safety t of .lhc‘ whole
.fotanfunUy V^-by* 1 maintaining in tilt
heart 1 ofv/tbo'J city great mim
hers of the most inflanimabh
structures, was the thousand or so of
{dry pine .shanties and rookeries between
the lake and the river and south of Monroe
|Ttrdetlwbicb didihc business for Cbicag<
bn tlrßt terrible “might. With these hud
died around them and emitting vast
clouds of burning brands, which tiic hurri
cane;''forced into "‘every cranny and
through every window, the fine stone row*'
of the avenues and of the principal street*
could no more resist the raging element
than the.chaff.’ can -resist the whirlwind.
There Jaity.baw been, and doubtless were,
occasional weaknesses in the construction
of the later bullffitores and~poblic edi-
loo-fnjgilb cornice, or.- windows
too miVcWcxpoaed—but the fact that build
ings for which everything possible (o
architecture bad been doncto make them
fire-proof went with the ’rest tcllfc
plainly*'that r thc only fault —tho grand
fault to which_ the general destruc
tiveness is traceable—was in allowing
the so ipuch material on
feed-Until it became too great for
human"power to resist. AVc had spent hun
-dreds of thousands of dollars in spasmodic
efforts the fire-fiend from our
limits, anfcycl wc were all the while fur
nishing' him; >fUh the material and the
space with which taorganize for his deadly
‘work. \Vo had been industriously feeding
Jbim on the.only, rations whereon he can
thrive.
Let these rations4)6 cut oil'from this
ahu "common Council
fehould .attend to-is the enactment and
■filnct enforcement of a' comprehensive or
dinance' for the protection of the city
tagaitatalij gthtcgcncral conflagrations. in
I ijicl.uslr.essyanfUr now devastated there
must, of course, he some temporary struc-
I lures thrown together for the ac'cbminoda
lion of business until belter quarters can
Jj® provided.* Jsut the permits Jur these
•should be strictly. confined id a certain
limit of lime —say six mouths from
Hhra dale. Jt should then he
otdutnad Aijr- tba 'Council, that the lire
witbin-which.no frame building,
lumber, slack,-or oilier inllamraablc struc
turo shall be creeled, shall be extended
1 very considerably; so ns 3o embraed fdi
sections of tho* city wbichTarc now, or arc
likely tor. odulpal. And the ordi
nance should -contain b rigid prohibition j
against roofs,- facings, or cornices of wood, j
Or of each flimsy material os 'to be easily
penetrated or displaced, j
It should bo .ordained, further, for the j
encouragement of thorough building in all i
parts of the city, that no frame building i
or outbuilding, of no matter what dimen-:
sions, shall b? erected within fifty feet of!
any brick, stone, or iron structure, and j
that all livery-stables, planinp-niills, foe- j
lories, foundries, shops, or other build-:
ings, wherein furnaces, steam-boilers, or
other machinery or apparatus requiring
much fire, or endangering explosions,:
shall be built of hricic, stone, or.iron, and
that no division walls therein shall be of!
wood.
To these precautions should be added
system of water basins, or low reservoirs,
to be supplied with water, independent of j
the general pumping works—perhaps by'
direct inflow from tho lake or river—per-!
haps from artesian wells. It will not take
any extravagant outlay to obviate, by such 1
means, the possibility of any such calami-1
ty inthc -future as the failure of the water I
supply while a ’conflagration is yet raging, j
Other-precautions will doubtless suggest!
mcn bn a careful
examination of the subject None should!
be otnitjed. which arc necessary to make I
Chicago the most indestructible city in (he i
worlds Our fire.rccord baa been hitherto
before’ the’~’l*tc calamity—the
worst In Xraenca. Let it.be henceforth
the beat.' 'We'must ii'btVhilc suffering
theraanifoW cyraesof thcljgrcivt fire, lose
any of the Idaskiugs,' of which the greatest i
arc unquestionably the'lessons arid the-,
opportunity -which it affords os‘for fortify
ing against jfuturo''. calamities of the
kind. We'cannot expectJlhat wo will not
have out daily quota of half a dozen or
more We cannot be :sure
cd*by galcslikVtllat of lost Sunday night i
But we cco Uk£carc that those exigencies, T
Over which. lhaJb’Uy.!ft3 a*■ community Has']
no controLaccguarded against by ail the
measures’which'within our control.
San JVancisco lias suffered grievously by
fireswhichrakcd-hcr from west to cost,)
leaving nothing,’ but ruin in their track.'j
She is subject, during a considerable pc-j
riod of every,, year,. to both droughts and
gales quite as severe as those which con-
tribute# 4o our present misfortune; but sbe‘l
is now able to dcfy them all. having,
ihc means similar-to those which- we have
now suggested;wdedred a system of firo
'prqof? (.buildings—fire-proof j Itrtlts, we
and lrusCof all -her citizens,; bnt the ad-1
miration of.alLvisilort. It is important:
that the burnt district of Chicago bo rc-j
built as spcedily as possible; but para
‘•'v;;- -V.;
t
mount to that and nil else is lac necessity I
that it be built permanently and well. Chi- j
cugo must rise again;. and not only must
she rise, but rise tq stands long as the
world revolves.
THE XATIOKIL SYMPATHY.
Amid the general gloom, the public dis
tress, and the wide-spread wreck of private
property, the heart of the most impover
ished man is warmed and lightened by the
universal sympathy and aid of his fellow
countrymen. There were cities that look
ed upon' Chicago as a rival. Her unex
ampled success had provoked hostility,—
amounting at times to bitterness. In the
ranks of municipalities Chicago stood sre-
eminent, and that eminence had' drawn,
upon her the prejudices, and often the ill
natured jealousies of her supposed rivals.
But the fire ended all this. Hardly had
the news VeaebeH'these cities before our l
sorrows were made theirs. The noble-,
hearted people did not wait for details
they suspended all other business, each
man giving of his money and his
properly to bo scut to Chicago.
Before the fire had ceased its
ravages trains laden with supplies of
food and clothing bad actually reached
the city. St. Louis and Cincinnati, Mil
waukee, Detroit, Pittsburgh, and Louis
ville were active,*~cven while the fire was
burning, in-providing lor .the' relief of
devastated Chicago. Every semblance of
rivalry bad disappeared. Not an ungen
erous or selfish thought was uttered—
everywhere the great brotherhood of. man
was vindicated, and oar loss was made
the loss of tlfc nation.
In the light of this experience, how
ibsuvd arc the criminations and contro
versies of men. The hospitality nnd'hu*.
nanily of those in our city, who have
•etaiued their homes, toward their less
fortunate neighbors, though marked by
3 very feature of unselfish charily, has
failed even to equal the zealous efforts and
generous nctioua of the people ot'tho
country, "Who Lave laid aside all other
business to food, the hungry, clothe the
naked, and give shelter to the roofless of
Chicago.
The national sympathy for us in our dis
tress has shown that tu the presence of,hu
man suffering there are no ’geographical
lines, no sectional boundaries, uo distinc
tion of polities or creeds." Thft Samari.
tans have outlived the Lcvitcs, and there
lias been no such thing ,as passing* by bn
the other side. The wine'and oil have
been distributed with a lavish hand, and
the pennics.hava been deposited to pay for
•.he lodging of the bruised and homeless.
Words fail, ‘to express the grateful feel
ings of our" people. Men who braved tho'
perils of the dreadful who wit
nessed ihc'destruclibabT'an th'clr worldly
;oods, and who with their strug
gled for. life upon, the prairies'during the
iwful destruction, and bruvely enilured if
all, could not. restrain the
iwclling heart or grateful tears when
they read what the noble people of the
country had -done for Chicago; how the
rich and the poor, whites and blacks,—all,
men, women and children, had.donc some
thing to alleviate, the distress and mitigate
the salTering of fellow-beings in fur -off
Chicago. How true it Is that one touch,
of pity'makes tlie whulctrorld kin.” In
some cities the contributions have ex
ceeded an average of a dollar for each
member of the- population, and in the
ibundancc'that has been given unto us
the aggregate is 'largely made up from the
prompt* offerings of the humble and the
poor, as well as of tho rich, future sta
tisticians may compute''io tabular array
the commercial value of the donations to
Chicago; bat only in the volume of the re
cording angel will be known the inestim
able blessings of that merciful, generous,
humane charity which this calamity has
kindled in the hearts of the whole Ameri
can people.
In due time there will be a formal and
complete acknowledgment of donations,
public and private; but in the meantime
let the nation rejoicp that underneath all
the conflicts in which men arc forever cn-
grossed is a latcjjtsparfc of universal
brotherhood, which needs hat tho occasion
to dcvelop into tho most genial warmth.
Property mnj_ belost, wealth be ob
who hove hearts in which charity for hu
man suffering cannot bo stilled under ary
passible even).
j .TUE[.BOARD OF TRADE,
j Tlic action of the Board of Trade on
i Saturday last,. in relation to contracts
pending nt the time qI the ftp c, is well cal
eulated to still further strengthen the con*
tidencc reposed by the people ot other.
cities in the integrity of the business v rticn
lof Chicago Tho day after the fire, when
everything was thought to harp gone by the
board, a considerable number of lie mem*
j bers seemed to be in favor of repudiating
j all obligations, pot so jnuch because they
wished to evade responsibility, as fur the
I reason that it seemed hopeless to'attempt
anything iu (he way as Settlement, as
nine-tenths of' the records of their trans
actions had been consumed in the
flames. -Uni this"" feeling bdoo
gave way to- tho conviction that l
tho lino of duty must bo followed as
fur as it 'could bo traced, and when the
matter was pul *to the tate on Saturday
there was scarcely a single voice raised
against the motion lb rr scttl6 bp as,far as
possible, Tho only division of opinion
was in reference to the most- equitable,
basis on bo
made. yh*'* 7 i
I A large proportion oT tho transactions j
referred to -wore of tho-class called op- 1
tiona, which are regarded by somc as little
better tbnn 'gambling. regard to i
these the great public would have little
sympathy but for the fact that
they curd so intimately mixed up with,
straight-forward business trading that
the tares could npt bo destroyed without!
pulling up the wheat also. Great
quantities of grain -and provisions have!
been bought here during tbs summer, by
Eastern parties, for winter delivery, (he j
purchasers intending to take the properly
at maturity and ship it lo points where it
can be distributed for consumption; they
bought ahead because they ftrpeclcd prices
to be higher in wintec_ than at the time of
purchase., ’TKp samc”is True with regard
to large quontlllcs of grain Void ahead by
parties m the intention being
lo delivcr./fIL aST ii&rVnru convenience*
There is no more of gambling in these,
transactions that* jo th* purchase-of two
barrels
mediately, and thtr‘other-wanted a j
month -afterward. _T So .far as. Ihcse I
contracts can be honored V! .they
should ho' carried 'out in per-'(
feet good faith, ''because*
parties to a transaction no j
mcrous gonsequoncos which ihey do not!
foresee/ stnd the; mere option trades]
where neither party expected to deliver or J
receive, should; be settled possi-
ble, for the same reason.: jj'.-• j
Tho Board r of Trade is to be congratu- j
Ja’tcd on having'met'the. situation in a
manful way that entitles them 10’the'high-
eat respect from the whole community.
But the board will establish overt a'higher I
claim if U'nbwTpttigdnsclf'as'fast as pos
sible of the gambling spirit that has char
acterized no inconsiderable proportion
of its members during _tho .past, two
or three yoera. '.Gambling ;in ‘grain
was since' the
war, and provision options arc of
even r more recent data It will be com*
paralivcly casynow to^-expurgate this ex
crcsccncc, aodihtcp. Ur;banlshcd forever.
There was apparently no wav out of the
difficulty -previous to-tbe fire that swept
the city like the-wing of the destroying
angel If this purification cab be accom*
plished, and the board settle down to its
legitimate business of helping forward the
movement of grain and provisions from
the producer to the consumer, the reform
will not be the least good that will come
Out oT the terrible evil which has bowed
us down in dust and ashes.
THE NORTHWEST SUffKRERS,
The Mayor of Milwaukee has addressed
a communication to the newspapersT* of
Wisconsin and Minnesota, asking them to
advise-the peopfo-among wbom they cir-
culate against forwarding contributions to
Chicago “until after a .full consideration
of all tha suffer lugs in
when aid could be appliedt td the uses
which should \then most imperatiVe."
This is judicious advice. According to all
accounts, the loss of fife and property in
the burnt districts ofWscbnsin, Michigan,
and Minnesota lias been quite as severe
upon tfae-populalion called'hpon to bear it
as that which has drawn, to Chicago the
commiseration of -the whole civilized
world. At tho same time tbo remoteness
of the afflicted quarters at the north from
■news centres will prevent ..their afllic*
lions from becoming so well understood
i by tho world at large as those of Chicago.
jTho charity of our friends in Wisconsin
jand Minnesota "should not forget those
whose clalm-upon it is first in order; nor
can Chicago properly accept any munifi
cence to which others have a better
claim, notwithstanding ou*- own needs arc
so imperative and the provisionson hand
are actually limited to a fc’v iys* supplj*.
'THE COTHTS.
The Judges of the local courts of record
have tiikeu possession of the High Schbu
building on West Monroe street. The
building is..very wql£ adapted to,the pur
poses, aiid for’thc* time will be a a conven
ient as any other that could bo provided.
The Judges, at their meeting, recommend
ed to ihc Supervisors ihcjtrepliap of a tem
porary building for the couVtajnni some of
the vacant lots of the South vwßibn, until
such .time as thos Goan House caji be put
in condition. The Supervisors (will act
upon thitf'rccommcndatum 10-dary. The
question to be determined is whether the
county will go to'tho expense of* a tempo
rary .brick building for the "courts, so lone
ns the latter can-find accommodation in
r the HigLjSctaair wul pßndjug i¥c; restora
tion‘*oft Uib jCpdri Ilduah: rccotu
mendatfmT the* Judges ought to have
some weight upon the action of the Super-
visors.
The Ttc'publicarts seem' to have a slight
majority on joint bqllpt in the .Ohio Legis
lature. The Senate: seems to be a tie,
though there arc still questions conccrn
ingthe election of^several Senators. The
-UdbiTc has* from, five*'majority
Republicans. The-carly *dports of small
Republican m s*btinsylvania, Ohio,
and Ibwa are confirmed by later advices.
3 V V
Full Bosumption on .Tuesday,
A meeting of the officers of tbe'KaGoonl Banks
of Chicago waa bcld at- tbe office of the Third
Nations!, 43t>Wabaabrvenne.l5anday evening.
October 15tb,’51.6 o’clock, for tbo purpose of con
ferring irtth Ur. riolborj, .Comptroller of tbo
Currency.
J. Irvine Pearce was called to preside,
anil Jlenry Ofeenebamxf wfa_, elected Sec
retary. A fall of, riowa
letirhtnf "tbs condition-- tbs IChicago
banka oa aifectad. bg tbo lala-Sr«Si.Cxe> was had,
andit.waa ascertained, upon-ajcocaparison of
HabnitlCa and rfcsonrcea, tbatril lhc banka were
perfectly solvent, acdibenldretnma bnsincai
at once; -the asked, by inf of tbo
banka was' Joy sufficient liijio to convey tbolr
sales (rom tbavnfss to the new places Cf bust'
near, and Jo arrange their, books and office far*
nitare.
After a general discussion, on tnotioij t>.
Blair, of Urn First National, xha rcsolutionlicre
toforttpasacd,.to-pgy lipytceat cash imdodiMe
ly, Wat haaaimdusty rescinded. I
Mr. Coolbauflt (ban offarad tljo fo|lowins rra- 1
amblo and after full 'diecns*
lion, wet unanimously adopted:
Tboboofci-iWd treasures ofiajl the.
National Jdaoks in,the city, the safety.of welch
was to Some extent uncertain when the •roaolu
uoni of tho;l2th in»l: tfetu adooied, havw been
cecovcfoi iutictj and
Wnitneis.A caroidl examination of our assets i
sinceihatUOiffhaj eo*nvli»fe<l'u*‘nol «.nly|of our j
•snivel avWent/ byuatdhr Ability vn carrion 'our
DuihirßT tjO-'ml -wTiDfsurqcl jy; Iherclffoe,
/towiretfe That aiJ-tbe JskatnbtiJ*nks li{f «bi*'j
City will open their at the trmpurdr^ins-;
cci oow occupied by lb.am s o'clock, a. in.
c.\su> rmm ravs coHcraonuin OV.thb cuuhencv.
To thk rt’Bi.jo: Haring per
sonal- ioTesUtation, ibat-tbeiSalianii] of
Chicago aro solvent instituliooj, and .Jut, not
withstanding (bo laid fife/tbey are able and
ready to pa? all jtjtt .viiltQs on-jtresenlaiion, I
hereby National B wks Of
Chicago will fur tbo transaction
of bnshics*, a* usaal. trnTuttdjy. tbe I‘it inst.,
at Hi a. m.; and Ihartby express myliclicf in
tbelr ability to oibbl nil
meats .on demand. Ui t ß‘ijiutltn.
•.t tbaCuwcncy.
CijicAoOf Qot, Pi isri«~ j
TUii ixsv«.v>ci:cnisi|i.
Tho lai«t accounts of.ibo. Iqiuranoe in
I the fire oi Chicago make tbn. fallowing, exhibit.
S which we bave.oompiltdXar; the .honnfit, of those
y interested:
3 nktv yoke citv-anp state.
CunijMtiuc;*',
Aster; 40.1,571 S Nou.tu),
Atlantic,.Brooklyn.. 5*56.0(10 ISW.OOO
S American fir* 15*.:.*........ CT&fit 30 OUU
Adriatic 2W.KO r >.Ct»J
•’American TU.405 25.MU
i .Etn_ 46't.UUO "2i4J,<Jufl
'{Beckman* iSI.RS! 1 U61.00U
licit sens. 6M.00Q r k>,WO
J Commerce 219.372 SU.ouOJ
I {Corn Exchange 3.W0
|Colombia;.. -451,332' 3.0C0 j
s 5 Commercial. Albany »u»imjdcd.'
Commercial 5.000 i
{.Firman 1 Trust. B/oaklyo; 2M,3G9- 20,000 j
r Fircmpn’j au,OW &MW
j Gcrioaoiij -par*in fall 1k23.u*0
Guartll«ti '279,639- •V.UO.UXI
3 1 lUoA’e i'aUJ— 371,W0 10.000
•Greenwich.—..- 1<),000
l Hanover 7-*7,ouu £23,u00
..Home.... 4,50u.tW0 IMOi.OOT
Hnffmac ’235.252 2P.000
SS
I 783,851) 7 275,WM
jioternaUoua) J,ailU6l.-*' 45bA«0
v' Irving 1 515.V0J xs.iuq
j ImnottcrV amr Tradura’...,. aO2.A&>;! ZlwO
Jefferson- u^...-.;...r.. Allilia- 47*SW
Lenox 2WAW AJ.foO
LaiayvHt# '229,751' 6.UTO
LorUlard i.WO.pW)
Lunar.... ..53UW> J» t oW*
[Market liuiDeodujJ.....J-'.J 7W.&SI 45UiW0;
.MereanaJaAirc——„2T.Mai iuq.ooo
.Manhattan.: J.W7.753 50u.«00-
<42.090 16 (K»tt.
L Niagara- ~a— .u fcs.ooo'
New Amsterdam -43i,Huo 40,00 J
t N> VotL„ rtMl ..w n> ;.i.. <l r 1 892.278 15.UUJ
North American tire iTtISW £f<».uw
PUtenix. Brooklyn
Pacific...."...'..; 40,557/'-, 12.000
Hcsolnte 252 45* -Th.HCOI
Uepubtie....;..... <31.000 -Saf.oou
4U.IKW
iterUbf CfitT.tUT T-50U
j J.UkitiSJ 2,-OCOBOOi
'Tra’deam*«i% 428jlSt< 25.000
Underwriter*’
sVillla'oisbarch City—. 532,692 85^)0u
I Washington—,
Vouken «*,yJ3 300,ow
sVrcTforf co* PAKitg,'
Hartford. •2.7W-.OW”- 1,200,000
r mm
rcNksTLVAKiA ctinrAvrKS.
Franklin T. 7. CCDfaQ'.
Alps.
i, rmsburgh
Kvreka, Piusberyb... r ....;:n. ■s'fjg.eoo
Arttriin -17.5C0,
Ademgoia..., '13.500
Mvnnoxabtla......'. ;Hooo
Pittsburgh 10.000
i Union 5.000
I
Federal- 7.50 a
f ATlechanx— ui'/ 2.500
t Nlcrthanta' and Maun-'ar tttren'—.—V 0.000-
Knurpriac. ->226,006
Mwsuxanoa ClotaptoY.'ut hiurtlL'Aiaactea.yi'
T .xx.'iWkA’Coiuuviia..
VAo«rlcan Cenua1..:.77....-.v..T?.:.r/...:.J:.V 250,000
Anchor-...-* '*7,009
tCitlxan*' U—— 25,00U«
I Glebe
20,0C0
nusrod <.*o«r.tMß3. i 1
I Hide and Liatner "00,000 1
fixiepeodent-.—— I
Lawrence 12,000 r'
Maontacturvcs»{.>«
.Merchants’ 10.D0D
National .tOQBQQ| j
j New Koglai-d Mutual Manue Tuu.tw i j
t WtSCRU.>N»or3.
I Andes. Cincinnati.... 250.000 1.
Ailemania. Cle>elhoci.....wu i 2S.C<rij\
J German. Buffalo o.l*Jo I
1 Liverpool and Loudon ami (ifsibe. Bmr 2.000.U00
Narragansott, Prorid«ooe.; t .-.,.........j.:.« >,-3S4X)O IJ
North British and .Merftanille, Ldglanb
~-lVtLcaliii* T -Wo4t Virsißia,paica4n.4aH. ,S«c. 1
oCOUroUndl’wUl.pjyfia fullJ ;rlWw«.;TF»te-1,
tnrtS. md'lfdloo Insnranek Wmpgdies, oTSan I
FrabeiMOfpr .mise to poy ln full.- Baltimore i{
companies anuouooo tney wiH pey ta InlK j J
1 r*" L;i -t. ]■‘j J
ILivcrjiool, London and <*Tobe In.i«»r-
1 •_ ante Coiiipauy.' ;t 1
j As was staled* Cdupl* ef-dsys after the fiVe.; I
.theab ve cotnliaoy'win pky'fiff all their lossesat i
I once, and wUI afforJ «vi'Vy-f*eili»T W policy* t
(M)d«rs togfcttbeir .fa»oo«y.>-'Unlike/auy father c
company, the lArcrpool aj>d' LosdoQ' baa!two 1
lands—a British and An AuitJicsu one—of
mtUiunt each, and’ll'ft. tmir intentiaa notlu i
draw open the American foodat a Lbol to pay
alt their losiqj oat of'.tha. JJrittsb une ||r 1
this mean* the;r American toad is left'intact, to t
mbetaor lossst; No trtaer coiauany will there* 1
Kfa oajgpy Uio fiTeEAble udc-
-Ai
THE LEGISLATURE.
Conference with tiio Citizens'
Committee^
Report Submitted by- Senator Tabu
A. Logan.
Legislation Required by tlie City.
At' 2 o'clock Saturday afternoon the mem*
BorioC .the SttUlLagLQntnie met .in Stand*’
•M Hall, on the cornec.or'Michiran'aveaoe.niid
Thirteenth atreet;’for'ihe'ptirpoje of hearing
from tbeTarjona committees of citizens as to the
action they desired tho General Assembly
to take lot their relief.
The meeting was called to order by thr.Hoh*.
James P.'Rool, who stated tho object of tbei r
>omlpe ;together,/pnd, ‘nominated LwtuUnaqt
Governor ’Dougherty ms Chairman, who, .when
elected, tendered them bis heartfelt firatltode
for the honor.--and ynjacstod.-tho Mayor of' the
city to-act with him cm the platform, whiob'he
dld.
6'ti motion of Scndtbr Toller, o| Bonne County,
the lion. James I*. Root was choeen
Senator Fuller apld tbo members of the Brsrw l
laturc uodersiood that they were thereto eon*,
•ider vfhat wonld be their duly whoa the* got to
Spnnffi<ld*nlt>wasJor the'4itixens to
thcywouli lika to recommend tithe
Assembly, lie would, therotorc. move (hat they
bo requestod to submit their views.
The Hon. cf. S. Hayes said he was lb*! oboir
man -of a cammitt«e,*cbosen at o West, aide
meeting, ami bo bad not been aware) that any-
Sooth Side.Committee' had been appioialed».or
had done anything. Ho wished lo st«te“toihe
members -present, that-the business portletfoL
(be city had- practically been daayycd: the
banks nnd home insurance C'ltnpaPi's:
severely strained. Most of the inhabitants of
tbo burned idistriet w**ra on tho Xorth Sldl*.
where, out of seventy thousan I people, only ten
■■r fifteen thousand remain. Tney were nearly
all entirely •lostituic. and h« had constantly had
forty in bis bouse. Oa tbo West .Side ’•they .bad
i not only housed:tbdse nniortunaiw.l but-had
been compelled to keep icoaiunt vtatcb and
I guard. 1
Tho means ofcommuaiaalioa were sdi-oof-thnl
'he' hnd had no 'knowledge 'of what had
b.*on done on tho South SidfrJTfjThtf
committee of which bo was cbnlnnan Wa| tWaS
prised ol I*. Vf. (*d»oi. C. N. I
.Sonatrrp Woodward and Ward, and ib4r'wel'eto
'communicate with tho General Assembly in re*
lati«n.to the relief needed, and. to wet some*
tbintr'Which'w.-uld be for the benefit of the
voole. ■'Whit.uay spedally wanted, was to .r«*
tu>vß. tbo people •uilxnu* from this calamity,
i Tb -ydiad all fust. were absolitblrdef
Uinta; AVdattbe? JpceUHy desired, hr as that
tho funds appropriated by tho Gobi Ml Assembly
should bo appropriated with special
tbo relief of the ilistre»so<l, and bo placed in tho
I nands utyeaposible person*, under the) coaran
tios of law. They wanted the general
Assembly to provide by law, tbat.;'.ihi fe
i »h<>uld he rjspoastkle officers of the law* who
should hold those moneys and pay
I nee Hite* to jaw. under tbo’direction Qj-.eoai'j
mittees for general relief. The funds should be
carefully granted,-forth* y would require- esSUl*
anco the winter. Sumo «d them would goto
J Sprinsfilld and there consult with their delcga-
I tioas.land.-4ml td shaping Icgulatioii for* thfi
Preservation of life and property.
Tho Hon. John A. Log.iu then spoke as lot*
lows:
Mb. Prpsipent; I am.Cbairinan of aeotnmit
toe consisting ut Judge Heck with. Mr. Hitchcock.
Mr. r, H. ranrellt-'Nr, Fuller. .Mr. Field, and
.Mr. Wicker, which was appointed for |ho pur*
I i»«bo of consulting together and arriving at con*
1 elusion* *ud presenting them to the o|
1 -ho Legislature in as proper manner as we could.
lAs lar ns the presence of tho Leg slature in this
city is concerned, lhoy,c*iuw-on n desire of. their
nwn toVxamine i..rtheirrselvcs. that thsyTmght
well understand what fltolr doty 1s In this trying
hour. I knew nnocbv of their 1 coming
myself until.,.l. received a iclegfkui
Jjm'niiht;aUdtUioJ>Vl6ck,-U*y wore td be hcra
this morning. It was of their «wu uxoll'*urTftul
we ought to be very thankful to tnera tbit they
have’-jo kltidly ebniidfered the distress'
people. Tuo report I have to make is l nearly
made up of wnggrstluns as to what wo thought
was best to be done. These euggt-Jlioos-pnt*
been ver> eaftfhlJy considered by men learned
in the law—Judge H?ckwiib, Mr. Hitchetek. and
.Mr. Fuller, who uro on tho commiU4c l r i ,t)uLr
desire, was to mike sneh.iutgeflions to would
not place the L ;gislature in their action kt hwart
the constitution of tho State, hut to .kef
action as nearly as possible-wituin the!bounds
*.f that Instrument. am|. at"the’ ;same tune, to
give us that relief .whtph reosoaably and prop
erly, under the eoDStiiuti-n, the circumstance*
scout to d-maod.. X will- M*d the report.nod
then, with the“perml>slon of the Chairman and
the mouthers of tho legislature, mage such »c
--marks as «cro proper in connection with iL
Ibc report a aifdlown i
luat UteUn of the city of Chicago upon tfcoeaual
«t»d ttttervnue« UoUttctiarged. and the city be-rnut*
t>urs*l Hu uoioualrxpcuiisd la'tVwpi-uiog the canal
and luierestthvraotCiW provldi'd by the bifllatr***
dnevd hr llw Him. James I*, (foot, with tiiaena*
inent that s<.■ On.ru)of th* eaiil Mtm paid Jurlag
tin crownt u'Culjcur by Auditor’* wurtantf on tli.
*iate Treatcry, «nil that a i»x l>e levied thercroy.'
<Th«t f be paid i-ut of tUe ptccu- of the
tax levy uf tse next JV cal Tear, am! the ba, dti;o out
at the procenU of th» fol!«wtO;f flitcal year; an<l
tiiat the Auditor draw vrarraiiis-iliarefor: »Q<l that
tlie money sc acquired be applied lu erxtliu: bridge*
■nil water uorkv oml stuli public buiulings and
structures asbaiC Welt deatruveil by Are.
That the L;gts|atnro ail' Ml* tho Plpi«-Ht Dl
'or city, an I ccxvitj t..xrs; that a uewtnsscss
uietit mii 2 K*v/ he miUhori* J tor (he payment of tin
neciwaafr rxpuaecS' r>f sStd c|ty,.tuwu, ahd fomitr,
alidrtio mtertet on'theit* debts, stlctl usnssoiimt to
wma'le ur>uu a nc\r vaTtiatlgtt ol tin) property liable
to »Maliu,*v|thH)jfddCity.«t»d«uniy.
Tlftaf tbs' L«l«lature be rnucstwl to provijo that
nvlyrs shall uwt We lest,byyi*son of
tliavlow been- dnren from fttrlr residence by tire.
auJ thU po»frr W.conferred iipr'a lha proper
anihorltie* to prtrvnlu registers ami Juace* of .H"C*
tionlo preciucts In which therecjrJs have WeU’Je*
atroyedAT Are.
Thatttlgitcgikhtttjreberfsuested to asninto tempo*
rarlly tWchutgv atid vxpejiso of tnc City DriOewi-u,
UetanU School.-Oenolf-l’oor House, Insane Akyiuu.
aod CiW Uoopitaif ri.v
Tl]at th* Le2i«hUuro pass a ioint. resolution an*
'tbomUigXh* OOeemuf toiieslgviate «*vea p:rtuas tu
iDVesugaUauU recotmueCd lo;tl;o UfoTedtual Session
of this G< a ir:rai Aa»rmbly vhat islneces*
j «ary tOifariisb wVidah’ro -of title to'lands in Cook
County.
[That IbaA nlitucdraw-Ui*. warrants oo tnrT7raa«
ury (yonvtfort to titm and ijeliter the
saute fo-the citePh'vagq,- lu be,applied io |lio u-
Inro snpporl «f llib I’dUco'Jmi Tire Ifcpartmsuts of
j
dunel ia» rryPtf*
Senator Loo t*. I keg your pardon, sir. for
thsao-auxcestrons. .Thera m*r bo many other
tbinss«.,AVe fWUud, iu,examining (hcconstitu*
ion rhat'rteVc arfi'ecrfain restrictions thrown
aroundrJho; Lntislaturc.OAnd wo do ndt ask
them.'as I said, to break tho bnrrlrrl that
•tands between them and tuo distress ol \ht peio*
Pie. but to do ihat;nlibin tbo prrricw of tbaf
instrument tkalsin properly ho d «ne. Vfu have
naked for Hit amount that tho Legislature
autbyiaed t apijr.‘iPtiaA« under Hu- corfetitu*
non. »vwtfwjgCai«'lbo T purposcs for which itisg*
nulhinc- ahoui it, hUAfi presume thctltberc
is not' much* money la v <trc7 Oil the
city froyertthleiW.*t..iJXhii- will 71 *iptsd t<>
«sri*t very. .ip that particular,
lu the other Parneul*r luo Tolunding of ike
amountwill aid thh city and couply f»» Tiu.iibL
ing Jjgltwdyr.imd erecting rach
p«hfm buildings as are absolutely necessary fur
the purpose of Jranjaoung tno c) the
county, the. bustnees of The Statu that is fu bo
the city,wild thebusines* of tbo
ciry. Fur these purposes wo thought that-this
legislation wuutt} be proper. 3(un whojhave
examined careiuily tlsink ii l# (hehTcgisuitioa
as is certatuly tbo limits and provijidns ol
the constitution, la rclereuce to such other
charities as may be bestowed byway of relist; as
bf course Ibis'people would-bp cljtdU
tlioif ol Hr-
1 accept arc in i» condition now{tbat
i few people ever were.,mid thuy deserve 1 not
.only th* sympathy of the wh do land,
of the whole citilir-d world, but they
de»or»o 111* tfm of ItEtilatvnn u be extended
I 1 over them lor protection. 'You gentlemen have
co too bore (bis morning for the purpose of took
ms at the tbe city ns it ia. awlOo seo the dciola
tr>n. There silent; dim monument* thatthis
fiery demon baa leit «taaJini"4iero appeal more
atrenfiy to yoa iftao- I can 1a calling., (or that
i which you should do for this peopfb, 3I ii aucb
?dcaolarion~'ai!aHciT>qcUoa as the yorld'hai
never ieen MCt-rey umurwy examine tbe biaory
of the fire •rlyioaon.* the'destruction ol Palmyra,
and of Pompeii, and ot alt the great destruction*
nod calamities that fcnsabefallcn-c.tlee b-lore,
not none of. thom will, compare in exiaotwitb
this calamity tftatbnr befallen the city of Chics go.
Tbe arm ot this calamity, in strikiag down
mo cj:y ofChicigo, struck a lloymtbo whole
Datum. ..Tbfj-js- A State calamity—a natieoa)
calamity. The glory »t the Stm« ha* bean de
stroyed nr this demon fiperwnd 1 it is. or should
be, theprida.of.thin State to aid in restoring its
Deadly, ana gnnaeuf, and glory aa it stood here
toe Mw wertdt’gafrrapen below; (Applause.)
As was said by my friends Mr.
Jlnyoi," tad bnsteess ot the city is
in. a.arcaj destroyed*, Iho creot
wealth Uf toe city. si> far as business is oon*
fvroed, hna Mesa nearly ,da«r or id.' T hope rbe
tosuranco cotupauios wdl bo able to iuy_c*ery
rtoltitt TMiave rtdifbPtc ear about Wat."fur 1
have up.knowledge utilia subject,-- J- bops tbe
banks, la a'short time, will be able to pay’ail
(heir deposits. I Cannot say' aught about
tUat, .tta—i— h*v* n»-‘knowledge, ex
cept this:. J ..bare, seen co banker
ot thl* oily wh® •does say, M Oive'
me a little time anil every dollar abail be re-|
Paul." lAip ausr.) I bare teen na business
mao in tins city whaling been burned nut that I
dues out ear, All.'twain is a ll’tlc time, Al- j
tbousb tuo fire has drttr»ycd ay j
propert/v It -bn not destroyed my l
wiMaidtoy energy, and Chicago shall again. l
pbo.mU-d.ke,..., rise* fromj its ashes." lAp
plause.J >0 socb energy is found anywhere as is
found io this ci>y. XuaocU detcruuDitmaumd
will is /mbd anywhere si among this people,
even though laboring under sucb dreadful*
circumstances ai these.
ircotlero«r7*i wllieiwtr WT*2*nc. I have j
witnessed soas** wfvbuug boTfirs. of'
them*. a tfreatlpiany or tndm.’ when* men*wept, i
wfaero tUcrjdshrtt Mff'flbivre they died: but
no such scene si t;eyecwrii»e«»e4' be-
if
ybu cuh>a have TL6ffiep and"aild'r/« l
tue .nld men, the uecrejmr aud axed,' fleeing
irom these flames,’ and tbs' tlamex
leapioc. actOrl IhUL^ixiMc—and tr«m
cne block.tu another, and pjst block;, anil re-i
tarnine-Uyatli,.tnd ‘m»ltax tbe-attack for tbe
.purpose ot.dnuiytnt alt that was- betora (hem, I
yuurktaxta win d Uat« malted from-pity.: Soi
afmy Wa* like tbcot. This besum of dostruetien
swept over the_city fury, that no man can j
‘paint or pictor-T, 5mT no t-niuo.can describe-"I
Xo «*ta»'bo given by
man,' J. care not ha.w bwinay bc.. or j
what ms powers of description may bv. he hai I
deto ib: what icenrs occurred*
4>»rk Jurlnx thUiirg. aurl Um-dimras- tbarTui-,
Igwed. luysrtt-wiUpexvai ingßamdi lot p«afr.Ja.
lying apuD tips grOvodlwithait’covering, and!
SeltUontd nre thba-
sands to-day that arc suffering, but, tbank God. 1
the toaj been sheltered.
As was said by icy friead Air. llajcr,
a i’%W*T'- !s® a N br-:>tfUu:
&Ct £2LUlts3]Mtyitbat,4b«ip< bcc:s! cr-a L him i
of bresd Eulwvftat ts wtlftog to divide the roof I
and the bcasdjvtlhv these: po.tr suff‘j«ts. (Ap.
(dsuse.l Our houjeJ.Wtro epaned. and toeynre J
lull, or nearly so; were .they larger mote would
bo received end aided aa fat as tbo limited
m%&;ss3tt$ d k wss-«i i
Ao a*>|ML«(syui'-
patbHefHt aei-aktfod man
to legislate fur any C'lthmuoity, lireuldootap-
peel to the sympathies-of any. man tuat would
cause him to r-iss beyond the bulwark that Is
thrown aroucAbtm. nor to do injury lo_bi3oont';
scbacw-cri'diastltiientar-^wutttd'' l dwl »»k'.
blnl*' '''thtft, Tiut To
namelsisyapak'iyiooTe lhn-beag{aaad ipto’ds
of these seutletuepi to 4° Ituu which..the hauf
and their doty calls upon ttteolo do sr men and
UgUlalon. iApplause.}. That U,«haV^ihcy
should J*. Tho Omgrcss or the United atatu
has aided sufferers lu litoti of jlwlrtsilmfnfoj i
Legislatures hate doaejt; no reason why i
they shdKdH6fT4a.il thousands I
of reasons lor its b- inc done now that sro..]
stronger-‘tbao- any wbieh bnOoever been pro-
sented belore. because the distress is greater, i
Any «aes«iiiaasthatUAteo(hitn(tcehaito make
will be lisleotdto with,i»Jca»urp. IstqgladUii
has been orguuticd, and our co'mmittee would
be glad to *and- eowter*- with them, and
sae what.ls. best, to ba dune- -ll wbat'i
t iro ri/P'r, Itl it I
'l*-'
lone. If theio is anytliioc olio lint o
i« proper wo will certainly co-operate in doing c
it for thu bom-fit of these suffering people, ami- P
Ht my limn; we will pnio if ncccts.i- c
ry.anitulk and consult with you; not that wo i
csut advise the Legislature, but tint wo mar »»d 1
them iaenmins to ft conclusion in rcleronto to li
matter! that ihty ‘uiay possibly know nothing le
about.. There may Uo many thing* here that you i
cannot understand by a-flyiugvlsitliko lW>. and i
if any ol the eitieenelhatewweU disposed ae- a
sire anything but what is ri*ht. and ask you to
do anytaing that Is wroeg, if they aid you
in any way-in coming Id they
should confer with you in myjudgmeni at least,
in order that we may all do that which we think
is right and proper under the circumstances to
be done. T
Mr. Uayas-saM he aeespted General Logins
kind invitation to co-operate with hts commit-
Us. As' regarded the paper presented.-be-
l had not examined it carefully; but‘there wsra
i «*ne «*r two points he w**old-bftglad- to see care-
Tally e »asldei»d;- lie hcped lhe General As»em«-
bly. Before adjoorning.'wonld do kl.Ubeyi eouid. i,
and he felt assured General Logan s remarks.
bad touched the hearts of its member*. .They
had the mcn*who bad built the city, and they 11
could rebuild 15,il they could.get assistancefrom
Assembly; and be hoped it would be
graotadoo ft-ai»*aaniine|Wi»Ct!e. ..That done, j
the people of’Chicago would take a new march. I
yad aehievo IhersbuUdiog of the elly. hut they
must base support, and they looked to the Han-. 1-
\ml AneinMyt'actlng within Its constUatiooal 1
powers,- lor Jfhey bobod then .would be no I
technicalities and'no cavilling,
v bad spoken about rebuilding
the public building/. Ac.. by nooapy-approprialed
by the General Assembly. ‘Ue thought those
phblicrworkafhouldbeput 'tp oruratlpnfttonje,
and the Court House should be rebuilt precisely
where .U aras' bsfbro the. fire. The Common
-Oyuucil had unanimously so resolved, and be
tnournt'rtre report should mrnti »n it.
Senator (LOraq-aftid his cqmtniUoq was not
aware of it. Jluldci, they had gqnaiatu nu de-
IhUaon the subjoei.'- 4
Air, Hayss thuaspokn an rofarcc.co-to the sag-
gestton that tha Slate take bosscsifon of their
-publlcinstiiuiioofi Ho, thought thotnuestiooa-
hlc poUcy. They were impoverished and pro s
tfttted,-but they hatfhbt U«l ihbir manhood.- -I
r 5-matoctVuUor wanted. la-know .it be under.
’stood AlrMlnyti Ihsay that he?ird ntfl want the i
Ststnloumnno tbo responsibility.of’iookiDg al- I
terlbe insane, etc. t
S’ be wanted Ih-Bato to make i
an tbamachi i*ry of genera
nraimi still here: Thcy*bad*trahicd officers. j
aud employer,,aUd it waa-dwj to-ibejn tMI. the
city should retain’conlr'ol of Ib-jse institutions.
Senator Wo.JUnl »oi>l,d. to -knot, if ,Mr.
dlayee bad any objection to the slates taking
chairwoftbe Insane Asylum.
'jMrsUayet bad not. But if tho Legislature
’hAd'a’figfit to appropriate money to build; a
bridge in Chisago,-why had not they, toe right to
Appropriate money to carry on’ a Brid-Jivcll of
.which the ijtaio-galainedthe coatfol.*
flonftlpf.Loaail laid Ali'.JUycs had pot under*
9Uod Uiicj*upoed‘‘-Thcy4ld nett ask ibo Lcabla- i
t&ro t ilppfnpriato money to rebuild tho. Court.
tu pny back' which j
’ibo ciiy had advanced to deepen the eatiaJ...«»d
which by |awUb!d a right to do when it pleased.
HewouW-owfy-*errtVc3t-to Ibo Legislature that
they specify tao purpoi-JS for which, tho money,.
(bus ri'patd.’cu'sld be used.
Air. Ilayeareplicd that if Congress worc.m ses
sion ho would prefer to havo them taka the canal.
and make it a grand national wuij;. ..J>ur
bo did nrt-thin* ri l would.'bo ;Bceepia-.
blc' tn llfd rpcoyls of* Chicago tp have
insiitutious taken' out ol
their hands. Tout' intituled-autl». riti»*s i«f the
r icily ’cxlstod, anil could *aka ebarco, of.ldem.
firo, her
abUilf tb-iacctmugencie.-.., <tv p i
••*Phe Uon;Alv. H-ohardscn.pf Adttns.»iiidtha!.
uS ci that y .h-fty.'.he Wou?o
fgfoud :ttam!.*U- the. aid pokilVe within, ibe
purview’, of the oouitKutioo, so s/onas bo know
what was desired.*
iMrzOgdoiT tnß'lo'a' feik remark?, urging, the
re bullying the
i old ground.
Alr,'*¥oleyrth6'Chriioratioa .Counsel, slated to
tho mcipbcfj thqL.4Thoo Jbeytfrqaobed .Spring*
field tSV/would Slid a commituffe appointed by
lue Afanii to represent 4ho eorporatbrn aad
of/Afdicrs Qoudy, i Uilon*
cock, gbd-Ai. or General
Stiles. The city was created by tho Legislature,
u nDd-jow-expectedto go.-Wo it, as a child to iU
Unlbcr, and «ay {frhauii-wanted, i
1 Senator Firtlfr made a few remark?, relative
(q ibo Urifbledistre** caused by tho fire, and
100 willfrfrbiwi of’lbo General Assembly to do
all it could to relieve it.
The jlon. Siim. fuller said Uio tiacs:ion bofnr*
ihcboomiuoe #ns; What should fhojrnsk-ibnt
the General Assembly cotthT gfpntf Th-y bad
t caustiUtion carcfully-aod believed -all
Ae thiogs.sakcd'in the repoflAL"Tbo rcconls'oi
Vttry-court ariTdcslroyea, ns well ns the coll for
tho November olectioa. The elcciiou laws must
4 bo modified tor ibo people •liymg to-tho burnt
1 dhtn£> .The Stsfe Resume fhblr canal,
'and'tlrey wanted that done.' Their public insti
tutions wore disorganised, and th• y wanted the
6iata to takc.obafffu pf thorn. All -ihodq thioxs
could-be eoojfijuy'inaljy done.'a'nd il the Legis*
laturo.wbold'tto tucdUk toelr own energy would
bring*.fut-oi
The Karl I)r. BoitUttspoko br'n iiv, u-rfnt the
nccoss ivy fer-spoedy netiou, iu tho dis*
nrerswlrton waSTirevnlling*
"■Toe ,H05.-AltJ;dodd said that tbs-oomiqiltoe
did not'desire auy expression of qpiuiop as to
their report. Ho hopeq that treasures would be
taken to furhfca tho poor with work. f
Mr, Judd in .yod tbgt lW ycpori, and all other
papers on tho'fatno subject, be relcrrul to the
General Assembly,
General L >gan said that was* not a-report, but
rimply suggestions lor the consideration vi the
Legislature.
agreed to arid, the
j
_ K. Lalcil^olUcr.
Rev.* R. 'Laird Collier yesterday nturniog
rPff*ob«l atlbe Church of a eon-
Utegatlon iftit.tqibytelhiijtvwfloifcatbo edifice.
Tnofollowlngis an abitract of his romarkst
I have been busy in a more sacred mibistry
■Mhftn arrsbgiak',Prec&s '"ard careful
tsfoyibis togeth
er this morning sucu reductions ashivo come to
thank Gnu Aat cmr church., still stmiTs
and bopeU wiU morally'‘stand lar' more t than
•wbeibre. _ -.1.-
I b>.fe beard p,ct a Httlo speculation abontthe
ymriral sic«ittfc*Dce .pf :ourtgroat daisiorty.-and
men who meant better have unwittingly aucus-d
God of a rrcni wickedness when they lo
timntcd that it to iildsmcuc u£ Jieavcft t>e
i 'b* uT our city.
I 1. hir«» of all, jadgmentftornearen arp never
t retrospcotive. but always proipccUva—vJmc ‘j«
I they are never of the backward tlsncVbdt-'alr
t -Thl«eal«tnlty. aslllf cal
amities, hag.a meaning, and its purpose st
work out (tea runchanging will and bjsne: cent
L?»iV5 n Thoindividual »n<rf s tnrorary, coed or
hnih.nwu.mo .if it will <mnon<l tibuily “poa
yj&* ■rMit.jri* -r*i 4
The chie\ element'Visibio to hu r ores by v hieT
b0 ,ro •l r *a,h«,«V»ut u tlio tr.nl
drought—rttre banol scarred a tn-.-u I 11
j.rMa for.more Ihjo-j-oj-.nr,, »ritl IhmMi rc
«J* J* -'VodrrlWx. "nr dir ofJbrStic,
J,d .ttrdi »M tn .ihoondulm for tstfeu«lcd
ibnes of fliiuo and mqil.
I At in thj Brn bnWi B idifcmhnlln'lhnsehlo of
pualhicint irom-Ilravoa hnonnio nf the §tu-
I'M, mohln,-1 remark:.
,-(jo(U »»r i. othcr—irr. He d>st!Mi nM •1(5--
"■"u.Jiwiuif.und. bcild, op, .iibout p u li.it
>4own,'. No-•oeb-puti’Shment cVutd'pdesvb y do
4 jnrjiood .r it w,rphnlr,r C 1 in
-1 flicti-o ofthe/od cf ilsavcu. v
i .Wajxtfd reason why Cb engo
should have hern mado an example for the vest
<.f (be world. ,0/ cwcsp, were a pontdo of
great worldiaesa
in, !n'l li«r; d ni b l| t, cmjihlr. StiVly of iho
(jh r'*l'“ D S«rW h«« ever d.. n o mate.. acutUihi
lo 11, tao.DV. for Khool,. ohurchc, ,hd. c iari
lies. r
The pony bar* been systeouifenUy provaded
far. and freely educated insduxl'and. ebireb
There bare been from the fin* ssiutly men ar
THE Cm ut'HES. 1
Sermons yesterday by Hey. B.
Laird Cgllior. Bey. Vf. H.
Byder, and Other 1
Clergymen.
4-women whosetrybas p,,, OJ>lO
has beard them. M
UtokA&at'li no
i We h-*ve chiefly magnified the right* of&Ji
'tidoslrrnthertiian'uf uncieti*. IV Darn 6con
.shockingly, raoth-Sighied la. tha. boaodarics ‘o
nor fire home. to permiltlug so many or .am
i woo^tfbttV^sf^hi&ltho.limits of thooity
i and to-day, tua fir* limits should he tho cir>
1 limits. ,v
I 'V® ha,*e"titren duirsway 0 drinking, cbm.
1 bhng nnd.WcenuoM .bouses, ami }u,va hyloni
moral laxity invited «6 the city and harbored in
it a cmumal vopul vtion P aJm«.a: t.jual loibal oi
j London, which is the worn on imj face bTUa
j earth. I
Wo ham thus dan* fc«s to ybfM* fKrs very
population wh«t\«noar R-.wcrihaa almost fcny
;oihcf cut. Uur ilriJewtJi and j iil hero cited
i al«ud to Ueayoo for help and redrers.
We have bad (be cgperieneont' tbo whole
.world backnf Qt.-and; yet "in building agrees
city and centre of civilization, w«* hare circa
the work into IttebcoiiseT VerdT renfi sufe
speculators and bare sai&ihlytacen earn of our
own concerns,
t Wo have drifted, ton. into (bo hand* of a sol of
j tricky polUtfeians. the spirit of which is illustrated
i by ottrpreseßt City ounoil, and the only recoc
oised aristocracy of the city.U p-aet of. ignorant
I m-tl recently rieb sociaf swells and mobs.
Jlnw, I say the ju imcot~of oor calamity is to
teach us to.-curd UiMC orlir. Wo musiharo,
1 ec .otrair l,oiaes and business
managcmcul. ?'X »n»! bi/t.'bopfng i„ see arala
suchotu^ootresiduaocs oad-Lu<>lueved}{«e)ts. X
I ociUlnljueTcr d.-sixe In- -JJgrotK> knows better
I'thaa. wo in these tuatjera. -I<st.;<>urcmo build
r toys and -monumcnts. our school boildmasond
churches, vur pqUig-librarioe- in each auction xtl
I the city, our colltgu of tha, learned profession,
be craad had impwtivo as may be. la vhtae we
can illustrate ourgenwu for beauty sad sacri
i ficciWheo oar’busiocas and domestic expenses
are less wo can have more to give t j the public
use*. rl;.-ji
Wbai-tt lost:
1. Our bouses. Thousands of families are
houseless aud pcopiles*.
.2- Our bojiucsi. Tallis t^mpariry,--
o. Our moaeyA-Thtyij.&jrmi tuuiuriane, but"
one which v&emt repair.-
W« have net l«m
Our Qeogmpkyi Nsturweallei the Uk-».
the,forest.*. /Uoprairies omr«nrie u
lout' b«om wc ’*o.er» born, aod^
they decided- 1 that:- *bn tSIa spot'
a great city sboaid. ho*, built—the railroad/^ 1
sad puerceUe men barb'<olded (o'fb/fil the 1
prophecy, v n]
2. -We hare act lost oarmetf—aoblir.’ traßr-J
oti*. and ofgeutua. 1
a. Wo have not lovtoqr hope. This city U 10l
beat sneo rebuilt, and la© cloy of the Utter
tiousk shall be err-atwr tbwn tast of the formef I
Vut rioif-k.w.-'inrin ISc
at yc., lh.ra.is a, Jream>-,-hASj>. abuupi
it. Stern reality bill c.me" u Md
■mero aU’bater.' —temptation will m-d
to creauraeiflaboesyon'tlrk pkrt of thr** who t
hare aDyibingleft; Womast Share- (n
cebfeblta.lhoneedy; ITWp'cuursge an aadcise’
to oiherr. Our oo. and in
them we mail «»*fcWowner bclorc.
God is ounur aide,- aud Pas ItfU ns something
to do»«ooicUuas te ho pa Ur. somavamyio lorr
v i' 1
fegt that aerpral-OMhci
more promment cadfcW-bad bora destroyed,;
the atteudanoe at ihuse wluqh ramatced woaveryl
Urge. Al St, FauU (l*nirersattsi>-Cbtxrcfc on t
ibe •corner oi uabuh arcuue amLAUa Boren I
street, instead of the beautiful cdiCcnatst week i
«g<nJ»ia:itmDConTy'A--hh»yKitv»^rt.>-^Jii 3 j;g
not. Pfettmt-»0e
ipgeiDCf, ana a naye cpncoursewiu pressat- obes
thopasTor, Aer.Jlr.' Bvdar.cutda soms cheeciag
remarks to hii* parishioners wh-i weragatbccea
in frontof IberaioK-.-iiX.qbrarnor Dcuglar, ol i
Coaneeiieat. was present; nod spoke for*"
ioma r iaoßjpptt. l to-tba 'Thlaeiampls
was
Siaw.ebuiaMiM, home of tta pas tai sand prepared i
regular. ia- bdxd* the Tolisf- beta
occupied tb« siHiee aqd'AUsaticmaiuailrßirrQ j
up u> dxnao iprtiue,.
Kt, CririrxhV. j
At the rules of St. James* Church -(Episcopal!, i
soraer ol Cast “d. Uuroo straits, ali tbo'old
members of ibe ttstknedfu »aert«»
hr. ike .rcct r; Ksy.« dtugb Miller Thompson:
irmtafTkj
jonsregatiok
rebmlt,,\'Jhe jictor tehda>afew. remarks, incuj- I
tatiug eauraztf and hopefultirs*, Xbe coa*t.--', 1 1
rauso 'organised, and revolved to temporariiyi i 1
'opalr theedifioe Cora:reice«daT;Dg the winter;’i
committee, eonutmcol the rector, the j
>nt, Hop. 'l.' JT. Arnold, ,W- 11. Ogden.
b* ii’. A* HcCsgg,
iihers wa» appointed to IHUO A
•ircuhr announcing that the church was not 100
urnii'l to r<cci-?ojiiifu:cbaUdiac
•<»cal e lifseo.eremod'Tn -fttlend*
mne at the «r|icep was very large, and }J« ren
*-nl inromlon expressed.l" Jpbotld /1h j
Tno4*and**UUc inter-
"•led in learning that the to
ihciol.lielJkilMlnJlho Mn «.r h»3
through tb« norm of fkc-»|lho«t iMpt .mnutrL.
ally Injured; ba'fttfo the Croi.te Übl.t.
XHE SOUTH IHVIKIOar.
Good Order Maintained by Lieutenant
General Sheridan—Belief
Toe South Side fof the last two days has been
decidedly .the most promising portion ofthe city.
The magnificent residence portion of the city
lofi.unbarncd has been rapidly turned into tbe
city of the present, nod tbe city of
the past hai‘sbown'eacauragiag signs of
peration.. Sufficient time baa now elapsed to en
able the houseless frfmi to get into new quarters,
and ih« remit baa beaa,tbat about every second
house lias..•‘bong out a sign,, and’ th e
large firm* of the.past-are getting Into tem
porary offices with what stock remained to.thero.
The banka..bare taken-the load -and are now
nearly ill .situated within a radius of ten block*
fr-irntbe corner of Barfisea street and Wabash
avenue. It is< perbajw tbe most encouraging
sian fnrtbe future that nearly every-mcrc-mul*-
hoose in tbe city has hong out its s:g3 and pur
poses to do what it ctmin tbe way os business.
<J« yesterday tho crowd of sightseers, which
has betn very large everyday since the fire, in
creased lb that eilenl that ravage was almor
impossiblb.. -The omnibus ana oar lines, both ol
which have resumed hearty all their routes, bad
ro*»re business than tbvy could fairly transact,
-and at no’ time lor years has tbero bjee so
Urge a crowd -In the streets as on
yesterday. M**n. wimen; and cblldten crowded
the streets, and riedwllh each other fra chance
to get iuu over by tho numerous baebaind
i equipages which crowded tbe streets.
The relief work, tho most important clement
l in the city's welfare at present, has not been In
{torrubted at nil. and witl'not bo liiseontinued af
I present.- One of tbe worst features of' the work
1 has bo'-n, ami muM ontinoe to be. tho thievish
tendency of parties- who wish to prosti
tute the noblo ebarity of the Ameri
can people to the purp»so« o!
gain. There can be m> doubt that many ofthe
applicants for aid onlynot deserving of
assistance, hut should be punished for thblr in
gratitude.' The delivery of the wholcrel|ef bus
iness t» tbe CbicarvUdlof and Aid Society has
given great s.-itirfioti'in. and tbe feeling is gen
eral that tno work will bo wclt'doiio;ani the
munificent gifts worthily distributed;
j The work of*'maintaining order hag fceeo the
best nmnog'id ninny inThocKy, and under tbe
J contml of General‘^-bendan-there can be no
d<»ubl that each'citizen may fed pcilcctly safe
in bis house ami* person; Taken as d wuole, the
eutlouk iseneonragitip,
•A^.VOl'XCE«li?fTS''.
S. I. Russell has contract'd lo rebuild' tTif
lilinoisCcntra! freight dcp'*loo its old site. Tbe
walls now standing Trill" bo Usoit, and (hereof
will he put on in ten days or, two week?. The
building-will be 4"U feet lone and. fij foot wide.
The Crst load of lumber was landed onSuturday
last.
—Dr. McArthur'ls requested lo call ju 176
Won Washington street,
—We areT^qaestc>l by-tetcral l of (ho i«surai\cc
companies sjho are-Hropuriug to pay. nil losses
in full,-taurgir up-m all-those who liavi tared
hoj* properly from the fire, to carefnlly invent
■»ry said property, aud preserve it frOtn j further
daroaSe. The InreuMne#, whon' mide, should
oo left At the insurance offices. f
—Colonel J, U. W<iod has purchased the Globe
Theatre on Uo«platoWsireec, and will at unco Q(
it up and opon-witb-his dramatlo ‘couiPaoy frum
ibo Jatc-Museum. Jfo paid no cnonuoaa price
for the tons© of the property. r
—J. W. Butler Co., paper dealer?, hate
opened their safe, and had tbecootents iu good
condition.
-J. W,B»an; of .Morris. IU.. offers, free of
rent, to the merchants of Chicagowbo hate suf
fered by thcQre.Mho room knpwn as Streeter's
Hall. in Morris. 755-V) lent, .well-lighted nnd easy
of aecessi’and sutted to almost any manufoetur
-1 ing business In which steam
House rt.nl and other cuponsrs ot Tiring are
low. Distance. MxtyJHUles from Chicagol on the
.Rock.lsland IbiciGe Railroad. Capital can 1
bo raised there to worthy men. i
—Th> course of iostraelioa of fhoOHlcago Col
lego of Pharmafey, by the fire, will
bo resumed t-»»d<»y at the Medical College, cor
ner ot Twenty-sixth street and Prairie avenue.
—Tb« beiidqa irlera of.rhe ChifcagQ HraDe-'
partment la nt thehauje bf tho R.'A." m Sliams/
oo West Liko-srfeo:.'
—PrQfe««or Brndish'. •of tho Academy *of De
sign, sated several things from hts own studio,
and with tho aid of others,T| (fondm/iny things
word preserved. inglqdpiu pictqtoa'oDd (ranks.
XhelattCf wero taken toMr®dlry*s Hrcry atobls.
on Harmon court. .Two iruulji, bellovca to be
long tb some qftho artjjta gf tho academy, are as
rot unclaimed, i\hd tu-ijr qJ loixud at Mr*
Bradley's stable,
—Dr. W. 11. By'brd** oflica Hi' at N». V 25
Twenty.second street, and h!s. rcardodde at 5P k
■nJ T ,m<Ji corner of Wotid
■nd Ijjjie t.r bmthbido ardors should b«
at or. iSyloti i office..
—The goners, oCbma of-ih« v llUnoD Central
Seitt'2! 610 'Mmblgaff
xt<^r rkff^co Dyflhn’a drag storoi
No. 183 West Madison street.
v T^ I, S P‘* no taken fn»U\iilorih:l,iSalle street.'
ha>f a hlocl{ ooHh ol Division may ha hoard'of
i
w Oun»v C. B. Wober, of tho medical
department. of Wooster UoJrcrMty.- at Clcre
land,* desires; us to. announce that free tuition
1 will bo extended by that iosiitattoa to wli uicdi*
cal students injured by the fire.
—J. H. MoVicker requests (bat tho-managers
nf, places ol amusement him a( the
Briges Ilou-ic, corner nfOoonl and-rMadison
atreatv.-at U u,cl(i,ck JXa also: trqbcsU
a JI. Profesiloaals, and those employed 'at *tho
placoyof amuscmouL to report nt onoo to their
respective managers, siatipg thoif loas and pres
ent wants,
—Tho Borne; tt’.iuo. corucrofCoo.lanil lUr.-
Jr.lrh Micof, uono (xf ih. hen thinm s.-ircj.
It Ivor CQurde, aoioe a tlaurilbiair Oorio.M,
Norton A and? Wcsf.MaJijon
street, want nj hire twen« y coodcoop«r| k with
tamlUos, at mills at D»ckport, L
—Ap-dlo Lodco_f.ff.T3 its lull, -.N0.: ICHB State
«re«.-t. for the uso of.nU .Maiouic bodies that
have been hur.ic-d nut,
—GOstivus Gcaty-hss-'ffono to New York Ur
JRCert or lho of (ho Chicago
..“-'ll M*»om fa thjfrou.*houKt «pply u the
Masonic lleaitausctcrs »n the Masonic Temple.
corner®f Randolph nod HdUtcii street!..'
!mmh .h- W! l *?.l’hi'Sicwoi of-(be.oily will,
jrapct a£ rciulcnce of llr. U
i ctufi who Ion; by
j ..TJJW 0 V' 1 ■'l’ 0 lor lhasirknml ihiar.d
iw? n headquarters nt the
!na H,^^nSS l u°.V il^cctor f *he Washing
<abis even
irTh/P"*- 0»I>4«i
!ll h r :1 ?=">'!■«,tbo In.urareo
PanM I-iescs.
I2 a H-JtVCls base oSwMiy re
i7fl^tt v a like amount
1 htti,> x,.JLtis.claimed that the JRtaV
-®ii ce s? {?.Od(HQQO». wi»ica.«iii be
«Au«tWMjiTpaiqitlTMta# posnoJo..
Uuntioaricod *L C.lloa.*h h[ Ibc\oase
J l l pl VJ i ld Sl ll V f THhttt. C-].. tele
fj** 1 *V* 1 rati, .Vo.39'*Oinal street 1
vaoi^rfs” 1 1 i !T rcr-
i inadt dter^ h r J cr#tT, v aV bef
1 madedwmutebA the
i ,n.V-Li"*" AV,, h«utcan Sand «uid *j'<
1 Wabaih nvrhTe.-
HwfbraS&lW*' CbWCftnpm»>.
410 jS C V«i Lx iL 'i fEc< L 011 the v doant lot Nos.
l V,:.>ATS R arenae, m»j.»ininff
jsw»^\^ u din^^' c c 110 TfS >b. booth
'b.vTbe rositnnstcft haiToftnalrtneJ, to'.'J. R:-
Ln! Wejj IJsßdolpli a-Jiuan
♦rTf -stamped envelope*. The
puohc can thrro b“ aoeQiniood.ittd. j
r*l»eiJ6ard'OtWd«r<«tit)n frhaVit’atlTejirbers
L^iJS v f 5WS tbcm»riyo*.c«:il')4o
lUndoiph street.
I J^^waUodc^Ttli. bd iin*Uoa«<fotu
I rrAoffrr-TahtaWo 'plnfor#.*‘tHfl’*nßJwl befog
[x e }»|»v>tyofour Lard. i* believed tola in the
rdooasoriwibe-pefjon fn tbcclt'j .'"Anyone linr
il.-witl i-Icia* re
pffrt-lt fo TDo ofcoer, Dr. K> J.-r, at No. lOT&mtli
,^anewtpmr,^,vr T

Uavo already been art to rrork* 'tc Clear away the

s
c
•I
i:
■t
V
it
y
I f
5
I I
rl'-
:fx.va*.
A ftew. tiaiar/i ■oltbji refprm toordiahtat in
’then's U;mett
I has been'el&tdlLl'f&fbieat.'-Theie'reformers
I comprise the city, who are
j colhtuiailic .io-dha oaasrv :Tfaorteomnritiee of
J WT.eniy are diseassio* (he beu tatAns.ol obUm
honest count at ih- ocit.wioctfcm.
—Aa inspector bAtto«n,o</Po»ntca:for thai
S:n?rof4&Bt-IT ink, X«w euy-» which bw.
Ihi An compelled to euspcmi.
—‘Xbc.pjejf-;Vi>xkifi«Mva at* ten
1 coot** oHhe-V. hie«W tire, bitch l<y residents
l«l this city. The 4ui»e« say* that {bw'-ebeerful.
i spirit and brarc word* <*f Tub Ciricico l'utßi%\*f
i are heartily. endctyed by the wboln. coonirr-
VthM ivi»: ftrtlyWdev? that the iibnSpqdei.ces are'
rerr<s«rioU.'bttt<hat the *cartttiu*aW<J sribndor
•with which she triltbo rebuild. oin bo one of the i
woQ<lerA»rttJbw*ixi(lwt m:li .sF 1
•-Tp%.Jt?&y.otk, city, PAPMS; ara asking fchat'
ifm? cfforrhe m oa./vot bkhtlnaot
ferers by the fire in
4-.-=-E gatceu.CAr-inadi of~oo*J. sweet
t from Fort
1 —'rtnccaih rafeertptfensto sfcXoQt* inaU oV-
J^® the.Curww attwuut t»
r •Tuß;^odoo T; W'of SataHiyJjUtci tbailbe
Lord.Mayer faa4<rc*elred -£tT.ww iterUn* a* the
I rrsult u| two days’subscrlmioja to tho'ChWiß-’-
iSS& twV-fetfiissiamffisr
j and »lb*r tonus 1
of the aborrdato'haS trader io
viewing the Cbtosgo ootfL-ssnstien: so l tt»e’*r<jat-p
;fire* aow- ravwhioff theL-ifertlnrsst.'-arfd ad.
riling prompt aett iq by tbe itato- antaoriUea'inj
Suppressing the. attempted FoaUn-tcrasrin nf
;J!aoUob.u- It draw*. the.a.,oo ttsi<m •tb*t*£a*-
UjpttofHi^y{iio^eJi k»;fciWcid'?ariiiilioaw/rh
rcry meentire to aUeTiateltie of the-
West. NeArlyaJlrsitfetywcsttsoss aaj steam.*
„«r lines bate, announced xbaiMeadioea to tram--
portcon^^ K Qyf t i <gg yg
IT 1 bjanjXjqluscusc Scstrnc
t|ou o£.Fropertr« 1
L Tbe I«>s brthe'fi'rt! at .Ust^aa-iidfLTmste&al.
'over JI.IXO.iW. 'and lan’_uilur.taoa 1 does not
amount to lialf that crealpart of ithaioc
-1 fat Western companies, 'ylttpenibaudrcd pboaie
werc rend*rod UonjeJess. Alllu3r*nd.'3.ooo pro-,
plo sro
f the t >wu wa*- d'cstr.iytft; sixty bong*#.
>McUdtot llope01:e8h, twn ebsrebde.^oovebooi-
Jtetoe» and uae.flnar ssrill being kfl' rfanding.
Too people aresafi'eriar lrdm-a-niant
ii>oa,.e}uihiafc*hxtd Tbe
ite wockla'fcH than two hours from tbo time it
eotariii lb\to; fifiT>fi»e *x:oreet foup ebbrebe*,
three ne.WKr4lor being swept
sixteen milea vestrof Allegao. J
darerwboildioßS werabutued, ,r
Qriai««bop.:n rUjag*.between Sanralock-and
lioljsod, wsi; nearly destroyed: I s
Firaseontißu'e, ai.lstovt adricoxdltbroagbout
the
miny ptbcr iv^tilpg.
AfireJ. iiurtAiu.t'ttad Xru*ieß of the Notr
\ork Typ BapUidaT Loica, armed in the city
yMKrday witAfp/XW »a currency, lor tbe relief
lb Cblesgo Luiod. Praters, ;£y,,r«»olu(iaQ
L b^?-?-/^ rk ilou Pf'-tnuul- more funds
,rßo, L!S 4tfle Tneoaapos o; the Horfd office,
(ifi.t uutoo misodeiiTexed-
:sr XIiLuCKAJJIUC AIIVK ES.
INSURANCE.
LIVERPOOL
i LONDON
GLOBE
Insurance Company.'
The losses by the great fire in this Com
pany, which amount tb*’Shout $8,000,000,
wili be paid immediately and in ftilh
Every facility willbc given to those'
holding policies under‘which losses have
been sustained in making proofs, for which
‘uniform blanks will be supplied at the
office on Wednesday (18th). tl
Authority Imving been given lb
on the head'office m England for the fulf
kinbuiit of these -losses/ the assets in this
country-Camohhting to over $3,000,000)
will remain, as -before, in the hands and
under. control of the American, Board ol
Directors.
The business of Fire Insurance will be
continued as usual, and those who desire
to effect insurance on properly will please
caff At the office, as the Company has no
solicitors.
WM. WARREN, General Agent,
Office No. 5 West Msdison-<t.
-We take pleasure in publishing the
following letters from the President- and
Genera! Agents of the
FRANKLIN
Of Philadelphia.
Ornci: or tub Fbakkun Fire Imuiuxce Co..
rmuibcirtii-i. Oct. 1571. J
UES&US. DAVIS 4 UK QUA, Agent*, Chicago:
1 with, open* Ulialf of the Dircctorit and fellow
to temlcrour fuU for Tour city in
Its «wful cdamily and desolation. To lire isiurcd
the Franklin. upon satisfactory proof "f h»s
a rery claim will be p-»ld with promptness. The com
pony will meet nil lu-r nblicatlotin'to Clio citizens of
Chicago iu this, (heirnor* afllicllou, with integrity
and hoaor. You«a rr»p*oifcilly,
ACFIIKIXI. IMKEU. >*re»Jdeut.
OriH’F OV TIIC VIIANKI.IN IX-rKAMK
CoMP.mvof Hini.\n»:trniA.
l*irr»nvßUH, Oct. ISTI.J
To DAVIS A UK t*U.\
(it.ViLC.’U.S: The suut fire at Chicago will
louht. wipeout many of (bo companies doing busl r
ness in tlie West. We have gone over the bnalucss ul
ill© Franklin in Chicago Mid take great pleasure in
inforuiii'C you that if slid bod lust cvi-ry policy tbeiv
.tho payment iu full would tint absorb ro per cent ot
her furpln*. The Fvarkliu, thereTorv, yet lu»sds her
'ilghplace among Iho General. Agefu y Ccmpanh* o’
ihecountry a* thoono’ the. greatest surplus
cap.la.l. V«V toopMotfwllv,
n .t'UFKJjS (ioncr.il Agents.
W© aro aseurid by the General Axentaof the Com*
oauy that at tho.tluic of tbo fire aim had ca«h asset*
of oror f3.?20.iM) and that after paying all her losses
«h» will still lurectorasjO&.tfr). That the capital
of the Company is’Jlirt.fsri, has a surplus over capital
of over S2£ij,"W. Sim will immediately fay tier
(Discs, wjti out.even disturbing ber permanent fu
vratmwt*.
Davit A llrQ'ta '"‘J the local agents and iiro cover*
liig risks at llielr tUIcV, 50i’ t Michigan-av. ajrl 35 and
Sodtb.V’abiNaC.
Wo are bappr to publish the following despiteb
fiom Cii»rre«i(!eiit of the American Contra! luaur*
vnre Company of r'l.Lnul#
•To DAVIS A UKtyUA; Agent*:
We aro prepared to pay alt Jvttes ami not claim the
sixty day/crvdHlt wnr polides!*
1 (JEOUGE r.TLANT, rrciideal,
Georg,* P. Plant fs lhc/grcat llour Louis.
Ml oj imr citizens nr« ,tv«n,nc»iUalutod. with liini.
Tlio company yyi l*-sj ot>oul I *rijJX< V,,wLich' they
wlll j.iy immediately, anti leava'tltciraasatb ittuboul
c:7.ooo-i»tnct.- PlTi3 Jb'RtytA are tbsJr agenl*.
jnnd nrirccvvr/iigrtyks aj their
aiV and 35 and 27 South Cahil.Vt.
V Jfbe Imperial Insurance C-euipauT of London, Jsna
laod,.w:ll have its beadqqirier*' and cover risks at
their office, Jfj'MfcUlaaa-nr,'
The aLevo are prepared to pay their losici Immsdi*
Atuly upna the adjiHiiuitnt ut,tb«ir claims.
C. Hv CASE,
Xo. 05 South Canal-St.,
A&KNT aPOXi
Insurance Company of North America, of
Ftoladdpiia,..
Springfield Rrs‘and Ins. Co., of
Springfield, Mass.
National Insurance Company, of Boston.
PeopVsFire Insurance-Company, of Wor
cester,’.Mais. s
Policics all tiood,
I’crsufli JiAViii? claims asaiixt utilise of tboj ii^ T e
Conir-mIM willpleaso the Minn at mT oliicv
f«r adynetmont, and thrywin W considered" ar fast
a* clrcoiinlaMcrs will a-tmlf.
1 shall continue to Issmi *ond.- uonnd policies t»
Utrelurore.'* *C. 11. CArilS. Agent,•
NORTH AMERICAN.
.^IR^.J,HSU^ANC.E..ppMP'Y.,
Of New YoTlie
W« ow.anlUotii.'J by advices Unj eamomy to
stau thiit ibcrj ara’rfrpttru.l to, P,\V ALL-'THEIR
LOSSES, and lo'contlnuo business at berfitoJOrt*.
M.I, Cl.ilMri ViNUEItiUtIiATB fIEB.
riituft i>e jprc<ciiteU:«t oar OUlec, XorlO
lsl*lpl«l*fe-court.‘
r«rtici*lf»lrlnsto§nranco lD ttio OLD IBUN CLAD
Noilfu AMERICAN, applj to
GEO. C. CLARKE CO.. Agent.
luindridga-conrt.
'..xnsrxoisr
INSURANCE, COMPANY,
Sah; Francisco.' I
Ibo gn’ajoli»v<l.LVpttcb (ntrlf:
]»i Uronitway,’N«w "York.
ShmmiM S, Ckunl, A&snt
.UNION liaard from. aarall rlalit. Will tarot
rrery JoIUr of ihcir liability. efcapT
ta) wilt botnadaViiora thin good. THlLbelu Chicago
lo odgiiat.
r IhiWtßf Ootmirrux.
M«hs7«t«.
Pplicim In thfs f.itarite'comrVnj iri«r l>6 fowl of the
Agent
TIIOMAS OOOWtAS.
NORTH AMERICAN
LIFE. INSURANCE COMPANY
:17aml lO Wnrrch-Bt.
M.vr V<ntK. tvt. h>..1571.
Tn tlia Policy.Holders of the Jturih Amerit-au Life
r»'*uraiic« il.tjupiru- nt i, tucar»:
\t a mating ot tin* Board of lifteciora. u-M nl the
■oMre of the Company tm the tOth of (A:t«»Wr. K'waa
UesuWot. Thai H>»» 'Company fXVnd to it* Policy-
Bolder* ■oflVrln? front lfi<* late Ur*» in Llilca#". a
credit on xhtlerl'aliclrt Art th» amount of tho pruni-
uiua. that may Lnioim* dye dnrinctfir next year. fur
flic pnrpuiki tbau ;iulk<*piin: Unir foil*
ct*a» T'l lotcy.
’ltranlmd; Tu»f IM* Cumpiny appropriate thosttni
■ofFireThouirtuil Drtjurrf'ir Pytlic late
tire In Chicago, and Hi* t.l lie Kin* nee Corn mine® be
empowered ir» aerfn the dUtTil»nti«n «r this appro*
prUlion M III*/ they OL. U. C-MOKUAb's £rC
OncaggrOffica'Rernoved'to 511 Wabash-iv.
IMPERIAL INS. CO^,
OKLUNBOS
:[&>t.-iblWm! nv\.)
CM«T C.inTAl A .UCPa'CATIOXr.-
VOJUP. t
ThMoUri.oftbU'Comniuy in-.0uJc.120 *n«
wrtrtvK they ur« prepafiidto jv\y:iV oner,, vill&eut do.
Uoctiiis the ri.eTy tlAT»*'fqfrruit;
IWlcy bolder* Uarlns chiliri* against flie 'lmperial
*n> reqofited‘to prwn: tli* »*me id
JOSEPH If. ST.VOUN, Asst.,- Manager,
fl ®di.Uicbisan»ar.V
E W;- CROWELL.
U V.SIUV. S1 VIA Uv. H
Notice to Policy HoWers.
Tartlc* oUtalJi of the bar}it.districtj lo ,i»Uaoi we
iiatc ioale Ivaß* and wliuhi poUcUa tra bold as col
lateral. arv rviiarated to call ‘upon na-ltnßmllaiely..
Tlrta-iaoMbe Qfmoat Imp-irtanr**. am laffpnomUr
of-»hfr|«<4Wra atv no fongnr ,’stoj and iljoald W
placed In Qtfdo(;bted cotap.uica at oacc,
Kartto* in lio burnt district VWaldalso 'call and
LaroßroofofJoai madts tb-ittlid tanner bo oollvctetl
a*smb at poaalW®. lIAUcD Ar’ Uft VDLRT*.
TtfSo'iitlTctnilJlr.
f of
m, ...n v n’j* i* .cb.\i
--i
Ji*>IOVEU.TO \VAIUSU-A.Y.,
SVhePtf w» are pmiTCTI to fi>f in.
*qr*o«® la
for.l Tire li<vnr«noo (Jioqpaay 0/ fl«ifofd,’.C-onn.
v >‘«rU ttili*b;oß<l Al«rc»nt}|.}>X»n.' Co;,*oM,oaJou
»t»tKJii>bnreV- ,JI -rti
ci
>hart®rp.k t-ife InsuraripeCompany.
I J AcroK; «s vVVit-AViATn'tfton.-sr..
Mulm*! 1 Life lß9urjrhcc]C©mpiKy,
,Uf iv
t o»rict:> ;l
*.£U WEST. aiAij£S<iil.sr,,
E-’J** FAUl>,,Pfe#ideu| l
•fTEWAcr SfA'Kgr. fVcrftftry. y.
j:■ Mntuil Lifd Insvrance;.Cipmpiriy.
or sew yoi:K.
Offl«e l?b TTejf \ta»Mogtiin*«t.,' 3l6pdaj t .Oet6lrcr IC.
i*:. V. a.«Vn6xHmrK.Ar»nt,
TeuluuU i-ice Mum* Co h u(;.Cleveland,
ItviL TiFFANV-±>CU«, Coimml Aronli.-Of Mfrlil.
Chicago,. j!. t
JtU parU«
th«m krtUttkfcJVttU-trlew to
<on im<|i«di*t»»MU«>ocl]t w
Imurancs.'l
astob njtciiisniuscKto. fiif jjfc\v 'xokk
1: M X! WettUoAltottat
v.V:
New YorK- L»fe,i
AT liS SUUTH SiXjiSbi'.'sT {t J
fcniij Junto** uetta.
i O. r» CUJgßAX,.>|, n>gyr
.U& ylasuro occ -,Cornp*ii>v.,
-r uriTiirrFOßDx
r \VewjiM*fttrto»oJ uyrrad»arr*lio»lDi*M: aarfkdii
on JUonJay. October -W. at 11*0111' W. SA.- tsr wit
M»iiiJoa-ia. *wrb«Ow. etci. »r»-atl i»Tfrl.
1 ATT,iJjoUXLitt CU. *UaAiiuri,'
lasuraticeJLosscs*
M.A.noaKEJtSpX.
•u prepam! fo watnre pipari ia all cue* ot .claim*
forlimir»Bt*«n+*ll cibar I gal Oißee I
«ul J, Baoth a»U.ta u,.* Ute 17
HAMLIN,
HALE
CO.
WILL BEOPCX THEIB
Wholesale Department
On the 23th October
They take pleasure in announcing that
they have secured Hie first-class five-story
building,
Nos. 29 31 South Oanal-st,
lu immediate proximity to the new Sher
man and the Briggs Houses the Rail
way Depots.
Their facilities will be ample for prompt
ly supplying the wants of their customers,
and their assortment will be as complete s«
heretofore.
HAMLIN,
HAT,7, CO.
Retail Department,
328 West Madison-st.,
CORNER ABERDEEN.
Tlic new and convenient store, thirty by
one hundred and twenty fcet, will be
FULLY PREPARED
For supplying the immediate wants of our
community within very-few days.
WM. A. BUTTERS- CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
Office No.- 1401 ludlanm«AT^
;t-
WiU rename bttsinm on or before Sovembcr 1,
At N'os. 3 and 4 pearborn Park.
"Directly opposite old stand ch- 1 Randolph-*!.
C. C. Thayer Co/,
Auctioneers and. Seal Estate Afents,
No. 41 llnbbard-roart, between Statoaod W«hnu.
formerly at 137 Heerborn-M., Tribune cjluilJiur.
will, neretolurr, pay partlcnlaraitention toMle*
of re»l erlato at anettoo. and private's*!*. Will at
r»ad to safer of furniture at residence#/and to out*
(l-'ornlHur ereryitfocriptlon. L
To owner* of ml mat* In rbe-burnt district: t’.
C Thayer Co. have applications from home an-l
Eastern: vapllaliat* .'to btjy or lots* property in (he
burnt district. IMvjm, band in rvur llats.
Si WBST LAJtK-ST,
Liberal advance* made nn conal^-pmaals.
f.s Suutlw Caui»t-gt.
Lake Shore Michigan Southern
train* will arrive and depart from lb*
new depot, on I*olk-Bt. Pa«r risen front tba S».utl*
St<l» can, (aka tbc train* at Tvanly-Beooad-si.. an
biitrtofore.- Paatenjmra front tb« Wait .BU* c«n
eur« ticket* and Information at tb« diw office
•onchweit' corner of Cabal arM. Madi*on-*U. AJ*o
at oen* depot on Polk-gt., and paaaaogar •tattoo
on Ttreniy*ecoml»*t.
T. E. MORSE.
Cotton I Vr>ftern- Paafebrnr Agent.
C. V. HATCH. Ventral Sopt.
Utica so K.tck I-tUndJk PaciS* .lUUrOaj pM»os.
train* wUUeaeafrwn t»«rt»r Polk awlSh-nn*n••»»-.
American Emigrant Company.
rorvljfii and Doinrellc Exchange; oeaan? ticJcaf* t.»
and from Kmvtw. ttonvral railway Utkat
.iioitirn o(dc*(39ttni hinclo-»t. ue
yRKD. NELSON. A«m»nCWew so
Chicago Harlington 1- (jutery xj
are at .VC MluMcnn.nf. 1
The Prairie State Loan Trast Co
(WEST SIDE SA VINES BAS It),
...OS' fftSt HASDOI.PB.it
lit rMUIIiO business uu 31»u<isy, 0v%., ul> .»j l-_
in «c<i«p»:uiw with a r«-»olnifiJr. »t rao-ttn>T
of t»» tionk<tm the 17th itAT. M lMatnlur
(are loatarr depositor
Whi. creOU. ami to ibixe who
tumltrr aum is rtua, amt Hi*k» «th#r i»» r
units na >wv at *.cnrUi«scau,k»*oaT«t*dJ’
v cwuiprumijw-ynli i| nu M( t M
«o be sbl» to er drr UopOaltoTla fSll
mkvxr,
The City National ita»)c
Am building a Jim-proof Tank in tbalr utw itftir*
m> ll»» northran corner ofOtlaton and w«m
to U ..ta,. and *lll rwo,u» b««lo*5 s*,
National Bank. ofllltaob/
T.C iljcbxiß-aT. ia the
wad H Weit fUrrdolpb»*t. 1
Ual.ki.i- House at C. Koll.n.fte, *-j, 011
The aborp flrai arc now r»rf,» f »t nn
open bniim-M at .ilteif olL> S'7 nt> tr>
*®cond.*t.. where they W/ff b* T, *W‘
alio tit the SMI» Instant. to or
Sprague, Warner CO.l
58 satxn CAXJt.«r.
Wo».UM.t.m cock »lito.a WM t*.
Mj sM I,.jr eb..li ot its. jii«S,V coff»
l.rtrf.-..r.ilisr. n b-.fiui.J, of 3,,.
aftlitw. .ooboiMTof Mkvsoi Wa»ofe»na.M 3m'.
r.ck.so» of fi.li, i. barrel, of syrup. Al.o rlc
Itoai otir corft.poujoau -111 rents* sromMUi.n
t|f»n.
<s B I>o-agIrAS,
j; a7 WEVT MADIW>.\ »T.. Iljf iU ciy
7 CnrciCo.
a«tln B b*. a bars®? om-in
T '‘W* «i unr old pUcc. isr? MkML,
,U«d.«ua-.t,«• «rc now jSjlI Jy ll
•>«r UciuTT. a n~w »trj largo stock »f^nSrp« ,,w “t
ntft*r ftood*of o«r owu manofttcf/n* iJfj
•at ol cuoww to.) all it, W»D*
order*, wmcli ,h-<U lura promr*a,iJ»tk^2 r4 eS,lMllr
Trotting lu that ■«cn* kin.l
.which aided ia marine tl>U<4l r u r
Chicago aholi ntoxgaio/pVu (Cl »AiiHx£T !l1I ,l t
..iU *«|V
iy*Aß.X>6ool,Aßr‘
in»ta of hinn^W
PAPER.
Wixmeßago Mills.
narini I»n milt. In operation'anil I
stock .Mtpel tuc, «Vil»lLiSrtni».il
I‘rmiinr. .o-l Willing r>pm.
d v rork n u.
A
V- From, the A>he*V
r OEii WKiT
-mm.fain nJ
S«.’cVArtuV” prn> l onr
'tvisur state ANOTicßurronr
m fJC^ ««J~SISS
V C. AUGt’STCS HATIiaSD,'
tTiiritj,
WiatMQCT.
Mm. E. Cabana,
Forawly 197 Su«Ui U«rk iafin.
ner frteud* aua customer* (Jut ab«. too* BiMd a* k. P
niulaerjr.hKUß* «c l»«r iit i'ouUMr
“wUh »o«tnlr» cnwatcck of gooitu' •■_
Plug Tobacco Manufactory For Sale
J. cussmiiuo or: 1
t nydr*atl« B-*m iaa rump>
.9 KeUlaor. 1
1 3 Finl*hof3, J
-5 SoU Moulds 1 •n i
4C*JJ> Pfjaaiej.
4.0w lb Fairbanks Scalai.
2 Uair* UQk» Safe,
oJaTSiSar Ki con,,,l,
f>»r unnj4ddrcH, JAIIB3 DOaltti i
Tvl«do, vw< 1
1 h
DRY GOODS.
AITCTIOW SAXJBS*
W. B. Langley,
AUCTIONEEB.
BAELRO arw,
Special Nptioe.
RAHWAY.
On and After Oa!e»-
General Office*
GaocraiEs.
Groceries.
Office of