BBh
THE WATER SUPPLY.
The larger Engine to lie Re
stored to Service at Once.
A Supply of Eighteen Million Gallons
per Day Promised by the Mid
dle of the Week.
Nest to the supply offood to tbo starring, and
shelter to tho perishing, tba question of water Is'
the all-abiorblcc one. A feverish uneasiness
upon till* subject pervades tbo enlito city, for no
y one cm tell at what moment the conflagration
may be resumed In tho West or the remaining
portions of the South Divisions, with no power
j to check the progress of tbo flames, Tbo steady
I rain of Saturday afternoon and evening was an
inestimable blessing, ss it filled up cisterns
emptied by the months of dry weather, and en-
ailed everybody tocollect asmall stock of water
y against the need which might arise at any in*
slant. Still, our condition in this respect is one
of almost absolute helplessness, since, with the
exception of the districts Immediately adjacent
to the river, the fire engines would be practical
ly uid.« in dealing wttb afire. Not until the
V*. regular water supply is resumed will Chicago
breathe free, and it was with reference to galhcr
j ing the molt reliable information upon this sub
i*.*’ that a Tbibuke reporter, on yesterday,
r, visited
THB WATER WORKS.
Here was lean d an extraordinary sccno of ac-
tivity. A force of nearly three hundred of the
1- Lest machinists in the city ha* been col*
I icteu ttad divided iato day and night sets, .so
T that tbo work is not allowed to fisc for an in
sunt. A dose examination of affair* bo* re*
voaled the fact that tho largest of tbo throe on-
dues—tbo one situatid in tbo northern part of
i tie building—is bat sliguliy damaged; at least
it can be tuliy restored. that we are spared
iu«K.ng nnd dangerous delay which would be
involved in case it were necessary to put In an
oaiin ly new vngin*. Under the able and sleep
less supervision of Mr. tYegier, Chief Eogiuecr
of the Water Work?, Mr. Cbesbrough, City
I*- Ki.gmccr, and Mr. Locke, Asfistant Eo
ginccr in tbo Water Department, the
I■' monster engine is oelng rapidly and thor*
i i ouguiy overhauled in a'l its parts by
_I- the army of skilled mechanic*, which has
been organised for the purpose. The
complicated machine, with Its wilderness of
detai-a and connections, is being completely
iitomitei. each separate'part, no matter bow
1 minute, undergoing the tn.-.strigid acruing and
repair. No.bing is slighted or hurried over, for
upon me integrity of tfio parts defends thoulili*
ty of the whole. PortuuaieJy, the foundhtions
were no: disturbed, and tbo ergino can oe re-
T paired as it stands. The pumps beneath, aod
me conacciiocs with the Jake tunnel, are for
the most part intact, only requiring repacking
1 and reconciling. All these rtnificatious bad
uco-.v more or less injured, to be sure, bat not so
much sc, but that toe engine can be sot in opera*
non, and continued until other arrangements
cm De perfected.
THE CAPACITY
of the cogicc upon which wo must dip:nd for
■ur water supply during the next eis moDthi at
least, is eighteen millions ol gallons per day.
wliic-i will be more man auGcieut to give the
remaining portion of mo city aa entire
ly aoquate supply of water. with
m strong a head os ever before. Direct con
nection will be made with the South bulo
through the twenty-four-inch main which
crosses the river at Stale street bridge; while 1
the creat main along Chicago avenue and pas
sing through the tunnel under the north nrauc
a: that point, will provide f.-rthe West Divi
sion as betore. The unbumt district of ttu
S>dc will be supplied through the-Ivjrth
Clark street main.
THE TIKE.
Everybody is Intcseiy eager to know the pre
cise day and boar at whies the supply ot lake
water will he renewed. For fear .ol disappoint*
tuent by reason of some difficulty not now con
templated, the Board of Public Works desire
tb-vt uo explicit promise be made as to the
time. Enough, however, was learned by our
tei'ortei, on yesterday, to warrant tbe state
ment that by the middle, .or, at tbe furthest,
the latter part, of the present week, the large
cueme at the Water Works will be in running
order. furnishing the city with a complete sup
ply ut pure lake water.
TUB WATER TOWER
AOS, ITAlf.lk i v ~u
aojacent to the Water Works, and to tno top of
wu.ch me water is forced for the purpose ot giv
ing to it toe bead requisite to carry it to the up
per «torie» of buiiumgs, la wholly uninjured,
sind stands in readiness to perform its important
part. The time required to repair the engine
v. ill be profitably employed elsewhere by setting
to u«rk a large lorce laborers, under compe
tent supervision, to domch connecting mains and
service pipes in the burnt districts, so that
tm-rc w iU bo no waste when tbo water is turned
on.
TE«*C»BsET'KXPkI>U?KT3
still continue to be resorted to in order to fur
cisti as much water as possible. Hallway loco
motives and fleam fire engines arc rigorously
encaged iu forcing water into the street mains
from t:ie river, and tho resmt is that a moderate
supply of water, suitable lor general domestic
purpuSce. as w«*ll as a safeguard against fire, i»
being ottained iruin the basement hydrants even
in the most remote parts of the city. The
uuburut portions of the North Division arc
in-tug provided for as fast as possible, la addi
tion to the supply from the artesian well* at lb»
Ncrmwestcru BUUHcry, tho water from the or*
lesion well nt Lincoln Park is being diverted
into the street mains. Go Saturday Assistant
Engineer L-ckc, with a large forced xncn.be*
gau toe toying oi six-inch mains from tbe well
in Lu-Cjlo i'ark along the eurfaca of tbegrouna
to the corner o( Bolden avenue and Clark street. 1
and, it was expected that the connection would
be completed on yesterday, provided tho pipe
could be hauled fast enough to keep the men at
nerk. Toe Lincoln X’atkjrell flows about 710.000
gallons uaily. and the 'Northwestern Distillery
well about too,ooo gallons daily, nod between the
two a tair supply will be provided.
BOABI) OF TRADE.
Meeting on Saturday—Bemarks of W. B.
Ogden, Colonel Hughes,
and Others.
A meeting of a portion of ibo members of ibe
Chicago Board of Trade, was held on Saturday
morning at Standard Uall, on the corner Of
Michigan avenue and Thirteenth street, the oh.
j tcl being apparently to indneo tbc whole board
to reconsider tbo action by which rooms were
taken in the West Division for the use of tbc
board. P. L. Underwood was appointed Chair
mao, and C. Counsclman Secretary.
H0,.. W. B. Ogden being present, was invited
to freak. He addressed himself to efforts said
0 have beer, made by certain parties (oseeure
he rebuilding of the Chamber of Commerce and
t e Court House, in Ibo West Division. Such a
t-*ur«c would be suicidal to the best interests of
touch''. He spoke ol tbo early history of the
oit y tilling bow the people once got into a legal
-rar! about the building of the first swing bridge
over the river. The South Siders were afraid
that the North Side people would get a share
cl the business ot tbo city. They afterwards
lound mat there was enough for both, i
.Nearly the same feeling was exhibited on the in
troduction of railroads into this city: and peo-
tde of Northern Indiana were terribly alrald
that tbo building of the Michigan Central Rail
road wauld spail the chances of the Michigan
Siuthcrn. buch policy was very short-sighted.
There j s room enough for all sides to grow up
again, without the people of one division trying j
1 «tca! that which belongs to another section, i
Tbc speaker had made up bis mind that the citj I
mu»t b: rebuilt, and was prepared to help In the
work. Ho was afraid that some of (be f«od» j
contributed had been disbursed unwisely. He I
«aw no u-e in lying back idly and waiting for
palatial mansions in which to do business. They 1
could work just as well in a shanty as in a mar
tie bouse, till they could afford to put up the
latter He hoped there would be no collision be- 1
tween bodies and sections; ti.cy should unite to
a*k tor loam with which they could open up I
again and if the outside world saw that they
were united, bo did not doubt all the capital rc
nuired would be willingly furnished, if we
can only keep from being plundered by the jack
als around us, five year* heaco will
see scarcely a trace of the present des-.loii<m:
ten years tram now tbo place wilt bo better off
than a month ago, and fifteen years in the tutu
*->u city will hare a populat.on of half a mil*
Hat inert is great deal of work to be done be
lore these rcsolu were accomplished. Xbe de
rcl pmoLt of the West bad been cooraow in
the i.n«.u He found tbc records oftho Emigra
tion CmJm'tlecs, beginning about IStO, showed a
total of lijO.wO persons, almost, ,eacb ot whom
b oe .t s2W into the country, brine a total cash
iirportctiun 0t550.W0.000, of which the regular
cjiumcicval take no account. Culcag-
i hn. bad her lull anaro ofthi* benefit and most
bare it r.eain. The city was so much poorer to
IS3S and 1529 than now that be coaid not draw
tnt comparison. Hu landlady canid noifurntsb
•hem 'ood. though three dollara would boy dlu
utr enough fur thirty people. Tocre waa no
money to bo bad in thoae days; now there 1*
plenty 01 money in the world, and a readiness
io in the sufiercra have the DM of U.
Raolxtd, That a meeting of the member* ot
the Aioaru ot Trade oe hereby called for 10
o’clock, Monday, a. m.. in this lull, for the con
r.dcrauou ci rostlera pertaining to the interests
uf the board.
It was then propujai to sign a paper, pledging
tho*c present to meet in the hall of meeting.
Cjluucl 11. JJ. Hough said there wsa no neeea
sitr to take so much trouble. All the grain, the
naved streets, the banks end the capitai was then
tomb ol IVclfth ureot, nnd they mail mee tas
near it a. poßiible till IWCMId S«t back on lb=
old Bile. Tory coold not irork on the West Side,
lie recommended them to drop nil tqaahbhn,
ana no to trork. drop nil ipeculntlnt on proper
t ty, and uso tbetr money lo more produce, from
tuc terms to the people who want to eat it. XI
they would only go lo work they would hare no
time to squabble.
The meeting then adjourned, and re-organised
I a cilixe&s* meeting, with the same officers, it
was adaressed by Henry X- i>low, £*q„of Cin
cinuati. and others.
SEW CHICAGO
Susseatlonaon Bebuildinß. by
C. Houston, of the United
States Engineers.
To the EdUor of the Chicago Tribune
The spirit displayed by ibe business men of
lhiß c i t y i a rebuilding is astonishing, and desert
j ns of tfac highest praise after a calamity so ter
a jjjjic a, tho xcceat conflagration. That Chicago
T will rise again, and not only resume her old po
sition, hot become in time the first city on this
continent seems to me to be at certain a* the
3 perpetuation of cur government and tbe increase
of our population.
3 It should bo bemo ia mind, at this time, tba fc
j that there were certain defect in tho plan of Cbt-‘
cage, arising from the rapidity of its construe
lion which seemed bsyoud remedy, except at
enormous cost; hnl now it is possible, by consid
ering me subject in time, and taking advantage
<ot tne experience of other cities, to make such
T-rearrangements as will make the plan and ae
commcdations of tins city suitable for the
1 metropolis of America.
The present burnt district, on tbe South Side.
•J J is by universal content, to become tbe ecqtro
jt'tiiecity, and every consideration indicates
it should be to. Wet* tho whole city to be
*J taid out new. tbe natural features of .the conn
Irr and the railroad communications would points
V. u i, c South Sido as the centre. The boslnes
operation* will commence here and radiate as
heretofore to the south, west, and north, bat
more to the couth, owing to the fact that tbe
,-coromnnieatlon is oninlerrnpUd by natural ob
li-taeles. Into this centre hundreds of thousands
ut people will pour daily, coming irota the resl-
P jence portion of the the auburbt, and. tbe
•linhole country.
s There is always, in great cities, an immense
li amount of lim* lost in going to and Irom basi
ns. and, in the absence of proper accommoda
tions for doing business, after the business
nuDitoU- reached,- Persons familiar with the
n city cf New York understand this fully. Two
itur three hours of tho day are consumed in trar
tlUnctoandfro, and, owing to the crowds in
fa.be street*, the contracted markets and places
of exchange, the time required to transae- bos
r- ‘ine«sis doubled and trebled.
i« Vow tbo points which cccm tomctoT, con-
afajVn be fully prov/\;A for.
steam communication from tho centre of busi
new to the suburbs. to be ao arranged as not to
obstruct the street travel, or bo interrupted by I
it. This moat essential element of a modern
metropolis can never bo secured or arranged I
for so well as at present. I
1 Second. Tho arrangement of commodious nod
central depola for the great lines of railrosua
centering in the city.
Third. A commodious levco along the rlvor,
I for pablio docks, a grand market, and n grand
I Plata, where all can go without paying tribute.
Instead ol having buildings built close down to
the river bank, let there be anopooapaco on
each side ot tho nwr devoted to tbu above
purpose*.
Fourth. The great loading lines of business
should bo consolidated or concentrated on cer*
tain streets running north and south. I'bere
should be aCnaneial Centro, n drygoods centre,
a hardware centre. &c.
Fifth. An open square for public meetings and
outdoor business. The Court House square sug
gests itself at once. Let tho Court House go
further south and leave the present square open.
Let it bo surrounded by banks, brokers*
offices, etc., and there will bo room ior every
body. These suggestions aro hurriedly thrown
out, but they should be considered, and a com
mittee representing gll interests should bo ap
pointed to draw up a scheme by which these de
sirable results can be recured. In Ibo rebuild
ing of tbo city tbcio manors can all bo ar
ranged for tho benefit of ait.
Tbo business portion of Chicago had already
become overcrowded with tuo street cars,
omnibuses.other vehicles, and fjot passengers.
Tbo limit of capacity bad almost been reached.
You believo in Chicago’s future, and a few
I minutes* rcfl.clton will convince any one that
I more space is needed for tho future, ond that
concentration and co-operation on tbo part ot
business men is necessary to make tho best use
l of tho grouud now available. Very truly yours,
D. C. iIOL'«TOX.
Msjor U. S. Engineers. Brevet Colonel l r S.
Army.
CtItCAGO. Oct. 13.1871.
MAfiXIFICEXT APPJ2AL
Address of Sew. E. E. Hale at a Meeting
in Boston on Wednesday Evening.
Rev. E. lisle being introduced by the May*.*
spoke substantially as follows:
Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen; It is but a single
rii-flo word that I bare to ray bore. I have
simply to remind you that this is no mero matter
of voting ia which wo arc engaged. 2 nave to
remind you that these people, our people in
Chicago, by their munificence. by tbolr generosi
ty. by their strength, by tbeir public spirit, have
made os debtors to them alt [Applause There
is out n mao here tho beef upon whoso table
yesterday was not the cheaper to him because
i these people laid out that world-renowned and
1 wondortul system of stock-yards. [Applause.]
X'hrro is not a man here the bread upon whose
t&bls to-day is also cheaper because these
people in the very beginning of their
national existence invented and created that
marvellous system for the delivery of grain,
which is the model and pattern of the world.
[Applause.] And remember that they wero in
a position where they might have said they held
a monopoly. They commanded the only harbor
tor the shipping ol the five greatest btatss ol
America and t&o world, and in (hat position
they have devoted themselves now for a genera
tion to the steady improvemoat, by every
method in tbeir power, ol the means by which
tooy were going to answer the daily prayer ol
every child to Godwneuwe pray that ho will
give us our dsily broad through tbeir enterprise
and their struggles. Wo call it tbeir misfortune.
U is oar misfortune. Wo are all, a»
tt has been said, linked together in a
solidarity ot the nation. Their loss is no
more theirs than i( is -ours in this
great campaign of peace in which wo are engag
od. .There has [alien by ibis calamity one of
our noblest fortresses. Its garrison is without
munitions. It for us at the iimtant to recon
struct that forinsj. and to sco that Its garrison
.loss well placed as they wero before in our
service. Undoubtedly it is a groat enterprise
out, as our friend bas said, wo can trust them
.or (bat. We are all fond of spcakiug ol the
miracle by which there in the desert there was
t created this great city. The rod of some prophet,
you soy. struck it. and this city flowed .from
l the rock. Who was the prophet? what
was the rock? It was the American
people who determined that that city
should bo there and that it should rightly nod
wisely, nnd in tbo best way. distribute the food
to a woild. [Applause.] The American people
nas that duty to discharge again. 1 know that
these numbers are largo numbers. 1
snow that when wo road iu the news
paper of tbo destruction of a hundred mil
lions of property those figures are so lareo that
re can hardly apprehend, Isut the providence
Gad has taught us to deal with larger figures
:ban those.and when now, cot many year* ago.
tt became necessary fur this country iu every
year to spend not a hundred millions, nuts
thousand millions, but nmo than a thousand
millions of dollars in a great enterprise which
God save this country in the duty of war—-this
country mot its übdgatian. And now that lu a
,iDgIo year we have to reconstruct one of the
fortresses of peace, I do not fear that this coun
try trill be backward In its duty. It has been
.ruly raid that the first du'y of all of us is
that the noble pioneers in (Uc
duty tbst God has placed in their bauds, who
are burned and suffering, shall hare food; that
By telegraph and .railroad they shall know that
•re are rushing to their relief; that their home
leu shall be under shelter, sod their nuked
clothed: that those who for these
.orty-eigbt hours have felt as if they were de
serted. should knurr that they have friend?
everywhere in God’s world. [Applause.! Mr.
(.'resident, as Qod is pleased to order this world,
there is no partial evil but from that partial
evil is reached the universal good. The fires
wbico our irieods have aeco sweeping in their,
western borixeo.ovcr the plains in the desolate
autumn* only bring forto the blossoms and rich
ness ol tbo next spring and next summer.
1 cm well believe that on that terrible night of
Sunday, and ail through the horrors of yesterday,
as those noble people, os those gallant workmen,
threw upon the fiames the water tbatthcirnobie j
aorks—mo noblest that America has seen—
enabled them to burl upon the enemy, that
they mast bare imagined that their work was I
iruitlesi, that tt was lost toil, to see that stream
ol water playing into the molten moss and melt
into steam and rise innocuous to to the heavens.
It may well have seemed that their work was
wasted, but it is sure that evil shall work out
as own cod, and tbo mists that rose from the
conflagration were gathered together for the
magnificent tempest of last night, which failing
upon those horning streets has made Chicago a
uabitable city to-day. [Applause.! See that
tue lesson for this community, sec that the
lesion for os who are here, that the horror and
mars with which wo read the despatches of yes
terday shall tend as out to do ministries o.
iratn and bounty and benevolence tu-day.
[Applause.!
•d
THE COURTS'
Ko Eegular Sessions for a Week—Mar*
riage Licenses, Etc.
It >8 understood that do business oftbo courts
will bo transacted tor a week at least, excepting
in Chancery. As the Chancery Court sits with
out reference to tens. 11 the Judges assigned to
the duty of Chancellors will hold sessions to
grant preventive relief. Chief Justice Jameson,
of the Superior Court, will hold a session to this
end, 10-day. at 10 o’clock until 11. and probably
will do likewise hereafter until the reorganiza
tion of the ojutls. Judge Farwoll and Chief
Justice Williams of the Circuit Court are da; ly
in the city to afford tike equitable relief. The
business of recording will cxuunenco this day.
Already a number of instruments has been band
ed In to the ex-officio lleeorder.
Quite a number cf persons arc uniting their
sorrows by marriage. The authorisation of
wedlock bas been tbo only class of labor .in
which the County Clerk’s office bas been busily
engaged for some days. Some twenty couples
uave received licenses sinco the fire.
The Criminal Court will be convened on Inc
drat day of the November term, which is the
earliest day (tbo October term baring lapsed), at
which legal convictions can bo had.
Action of Uu Illinois Association sit
Wuhinstou.
from tb« Washington Chronicle, Oct M.
The Illinois Republican State A--s-ci*lion.
fully alive to tbo pressing wants of the citisens
of Chicago, held a niceties in Masonic Hall last
evening* J. W. McNeil in the chair, and A. J.
Whitaker Secretary. Mr. McNeil, in a brief
speech, informed the association tor what pur
.*oao they were called together. He read the fol
lowing* which ho bad received from the' Secr
etary ot War: ’*l inclose my check forSlOO.tube
added to the funds of your association for the
reliefof sufferers by the firo in Chicago. Wil
liam W. Belknap, Secretary of War."
lion. K. C. Innnoll being called upon, said
that he understood that the city of Washington
wocld subscribe SSO.OUQ toward the relief ol the
sufirrers. It was all-important that the money
should bo tailed promptly and sent to the Mayor
of Chicago for proper distribution. _ Tbo State of
Illinois* be said, the richest State in the Union.
would respond liberally for her Chicago. It
would be useless fur him to attempt to describe
the want of money in that city at present lie
i sogg-sted that a committee of fire be appointed
to solicit subscription* in the city and Depart
i meets. II the money was subscribed he ssld be
could obtain tbo money on the list from the
First National Bank.
i The chair appointed as the Committee on Fi
nances Zion. K. C. lugertoU*-Janitts Simmonds,
J. |i. Seville, Colonel A, 11, Holt, and Captain
K. T. Bower.
The chair then, on motion, appointed A. J.
Whitaker, George Marsh. Jr., Q. Bdw»rd«,
j.' B. Atkinson. Charles Scott, J. C. Willis. The
odore Lamb. George Wiswald. and B. F. Haller
s committee on subscription, with (all power to
appoint sob-committees.
The list was then opened and the following
cash subscriptions received: JS. C. IngerSoll.
flDO: \V. W Salkaap, r:CO: fc*. C. Herrick, S3:
C. B. Webster, $5; James W. Snnners.fS; U. H.
Edwards. $10; James Newlands, $5: S. T. Dal
las. $5; Willism M. Mitchell* $5; Gen. Marsh,
$5; C. Thomas. $5: A. 0. Wiley. $5: Junius
Simmons, S5; Charles Butler* 85: W. W. Hayes,
$5; A. F.Bower, III 1 J. M. llioekley. $5; U. K.
Edwards. $5; J. B. Atkinson, for Second Audit
or’s Office, $45; J. H. Saville, S2O: James C,
Witwell* $100: Lewis Kcinburg* $6; A. S. Whit
inker. $lO, and J. M. McNeil, $7.
The snbscriptiens, with the cash, amount to
(60Q, wbich will be sent to Chicago by lion. K. C.
Ingersoll to-dav. Mr. Ingcrsuli desires to have
it enlarged as much as possible, and lor that
purpose he and tbo committee will be at tbo
office of Kilbourn A Laita* corner of Fifteenth
.and Qsttaats, till 3p.ro. to-day,where they will
be moat happy to receive contributious, Checks
can olid -be mo t-ie hiscredrtto the First Nation
al Bank.
The Baltimore Ohio' and tbe Marietta A Cin
cinnati Railroads have notified Mr. McNeil that
they will transport all goods tree to tbe Chicago
sufferers. Persona baving clothing to contribute
will please send it to the store of Messrs. Yates
«k Wls well, Ko. 310 Seventh street northwest,
who hare kindly volunteered to pack it end scud
t to Chicago.
Mr. W. X>. Kerfoot
Chicago (Oct. IS) D«p*lcb to the Clocinoavi 1
qnlror.
To Mr. W. D. Kerfjot, rcil estate dealer* for
merly of Cincinnati, belongs the-credit ol pul
lice up the first building in the burnt district*
at No. 89 Washington street, the site of iiia
former Hook. To*day bis building, ut rough
boards, covering au area of about twenty square
yards and one story high, is up. aad the wiud.-w»
and doors are io. Over the door appears the
following lerend: **W.D. Kerfoot, real estate
dealer. No. 89 Washington street." Ou another
part olthia building is painted in rough charac
aeters this characteristic sentence; “Lost ah
but wile aadchildreu and energy.’ In another
tUoee is -painted “Kerfoot’s Block,*’ la large let
leS‘r. Kcrfoot gives the JoUovicg graphic ac
count of kii escape from the fire with his wife
godchildren: “Beioglhe owner ofahone and
carriage which I used to go to and fro from my
business, when 1 became satisfied that my house
would soou be enveloped, 1 brought my horse
and carriage before the bouse, and placed my
wife and children in it. There was then no room
for me, to 1 mounted the back of the animal
and acted as postillion. While driving
through the dame and smoke which en
veloped us on all hands, I came across a
gentleman who bad bis wife in a buggy, and was
between the thills hauling it himself. 1 shouted to
him to bitch bit carriage oa behind mine, which
he did. and then got in beside bis wife. I then
drove forward as fast as I could, for tho fiaaes
were raging around os- After proceeding a
short distance another gentleman was lound
standing beside the street, with a carriage wait
ing for a hone, which was not likely to come. I
directed him to fasten on behind the second car
riage, which he did, and lu this way pro whipped
FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.
FIZVAXCIAL MATTERS.
New fork Stock and Bond Market.
Tho following were telegraphic quotations on
Saturday, Oct. U:
FIRST BOABD.
N.Y. Central 87*4 Sixes. 188».. 115%
Heading 104% 5-20s, 1862 „U4%
Kock Island 97% 5-20s, 1861 -113%
Northwestern 51 5-20s, 1865 114%
Like Shore 93% 5-20s,now, -112*4
Pacific 45% 5-203,1507,,, 112%
W. Un 56% 5-20*. 1863..., -1125*
Wabash 55% 10.40s 109%
Union Pacific. 24 Currency Gs 11l
Eric 2T% I Gold 114%
Loxnox, Oct. 14—11 n. in.
1 C insol« 92%® 92% I 5-20s, cx uiv .89%
New York. Oct. 14,12a*m.
I SECOND BOARD.
N. Y. C 87% Lake Shore,
C. Jk P -115 Pacific 457$
Adams.,., 81 St. Paul 54%
M. C ,115 W, U 56ft
Uuck l?Utid 97% Wabosn s»ft
Northwestern 55% Gold U-IJ6
Tho Financial Prospect.
Banking operations arc entirely suspended
yet. With the exception ol tbo Union Stock
Yards National Bank and a email savi-gs bank
on Twenty-second street, there was n>t a money
lending r deposit-receiving institution open for
t business during tho whole of last week. Large
t amounts of both currency and bills of
exchange have been offered to tho effi
CJra of the various National Banks o*
deposit, nil of which they bare been
obliged to refuse because they have no place to
keep si. Almost the only places of deposit have
been the few private vaults and safes remaining
i in tbe parts ot tbo city not destroyed by tbo fire.
A good deal **f the ready funds for which no
1 ;>1 tee of deposit could bo found here has f>mo
to Milwaukee. and n large proportion of the
i few financial transactions made hero In the last
I three days bavo been through the Milwaukee
banks. Tho National Banks of Ibiscity will prob
ably make no definite announcement of tho
1 c*'Uiss they will pursue,individually, until alter
their conference with the Comptroller of the
Currency. but wo believe wo ore
safe ia saying that they will
all be open for badness before Wednesday or
Thursday. Tbo Comptroller of tbe Currency.
11. K. Ilulbutd. Esq., arrived biro from Wash
ington on Saturday evening al 6:to, to
confer with tho National Bi.ikj. 11c, was the
gue t of 21. K. Gallup, Esq., on Indiana uve
uue, near Eighteenth street, on Saturday night.
Tue financial prospect has continued to gr.,w
more and more encouraging every d-*y since tbe
tuiddlo «.f last week. The safety of almost every
dollar of money and securities in the vaults of
ibe batiks has been assured, and tbe prospect r»r
the payment oi losses by insurance companies is
vastly more encouraging than It was three or
lour days ago. Toe English companies will
pr .bably piy tbo whole of their losses promptly.
A Hartford banker writes that ail tho Hartford
companies will poy their losses as ,soon ns ad
justed. from what we can glean in regard to
tbo New York companies some willloso their
enl.re capital, but on the average they will be
Able to pay 80 or 90 per cent. Western companies
wilt not torn out so well, but will all beanie
to pay something. Even our Chicago companies,
all of which are busted,” will eventually be
able to pay a little, aud, on the whole, wo be
lieve that 75 per cent cl the insurance losses will
bo paid. This will not, of course, pay that pro
portion oi tho loss of property, because, on tbe
average, the property destroyed was insured for
but little over half its yaluc, but even Ibis af
fords a much more favorable prospect (ban was
presented a few days ago.
New Banks.
The many Iriendsof Goorgo Smith, Esq.. who
(Tss for 00 many yean a banker in Chicago, but
who fur S ima years past has been in bcotlaud.
will be interested to learn that he baa started
back to Onicago to open a bank*
A despatch has been received from Mr. Angus,
President of tbo Bank of Montreal, to a friend
id this city, stating that bo has sent no agent to
Chicago to establish a branch bank. The Bank
•if Montreal is, as is veil known, one of the
Heaviest money institutions in the world, and
ought to be able tu afford our merchants largo
facilities for business. Tno capital of too bank
is *6.000,000; surplus, 53.Uti0.060; deposits, $21,-
000.000. The stock of tao bank sold las; week
lor 238.
Besides tbo, two obovc instances, wo bear of
two other projects to start new private banks
witu ample capital. One of these is by a IV ci
tern capitalist who can pntnl least 560U.003 m
cash lands into the business, but whoso uatucwe
are lor the present not at liberty to mention.
Judging by want we hear of these various pro*
jects, it seems not improbable, that, csido fnm
'he proposed branch of the Bank of Montreal,
fJ.OOO.OjO or £4000,000 of new capital not hitherto
engaged in banking will come to Chicago wilbin
the nest month or two, to bo used as additional
uaok capital. The great surplus of floating
capital which was so freely offered for
.ovestment all summer in the principal
money markets of the world has found no satis
factory investment yet, and the opportunity
offered lor using it in legitimate and permanent
hanking basiuoss in Chicago will draw millions
neru which would not havu come while our ex
isting banks wero in lull operation and in pos
session ot tbo field.
Banka and Bunk Vaults.
Tbe vault of tbe Union National 'Bank has
been opened, and every dollar 01 money and
every book and paper fouul as perfect as when
Putin. The inside of tue vault was sot heated
at ad, and even a candle lets in the vault was not
melted.
—The vaults of the Northwestern National
Dank and Corn Exchange National Bank were
opened on Saturday and everything found to bo
P Loan and Trust Company
have opened their money vault and found every
thing pcrlectly preserved, bat their book vault
was destroyed and their books test. This is tbe
most serious loss any bank in (he city has sus
tained in tho contents ot its vaults.
—The great loss in tho stftn fire-proof vaults
ol the Custom Hols: i-given to detail In another
part of the paper.
—All persons opening safes and vaults and
finding their currency charred and partly con
sumed, should at once nack it up ana forward it
to the Redemption Bureau at Washington,
where experts can ascertain its value and remit
new currency to that amount.
—The First National Bank will bo open for
business as nmai on Monday morning. October
16. atits temporary office No. 419 Wabash are*
QUO.
—The Second National Bank will n» u«por*
rny at No. 25 Ualsted street.
—Tue Union Stock Vania National Bank it
joins famines* as n«ual. It is confidently be*
liuTcd that live stock operators bare not suffer*
el by the great calamity, and mat both buyers
nod cotuinis:ion men areas good os before the
fire,
Bents and Beal Estate.
Heals have gone up enormously since the de
struction of so large a portion of toe buildings
ul the city. Tho residences along Wabash ave
nue, north ol Twenty-second street, which were
susceptible of being used fur banns, railroad offi
ces etc.. eto.,arc* of course, m demand, and on
me must central part of tuat struct, between
Peek court and Fourteenth street, aro rent
ing fur an advance of just about
ItO per cent on the pnoos they commanded
oeioro the fire. Dwc.llugs a little further from
the business quarter, bat woioh aro now availa
ble (or offices of less importance than backlog
and railroad boilucs?, bare advanced from 50 to
00 per cent over tbo prices demanded before tbo
tire, aud others which are available far noil.ice
bat residence purposes, have advanced about S3
per ccut in all parts of the city and lor all classes
of bouses. Too rise is probably greater than
can be sustained for more than a month or two.
Within a few weeks several hundred tenpurary
bouses will bo erected in tbo former business
district. Tbts will diminish thedemandfordwell
lugs to bo used lor business purposes, and
increase the supply of dwellings, Before tne fire
there were not less than fifteen hundred unoccu
pied dwelling houses in tbo city, principally in
tbe West and South Divisions. The most of
them had been built for sale, and were sot of
tered for rent, but there are few people now who
have money to buy, and tbe improbability ol
selling will nowlorcetbo owners to offer them
torrent. Ot those who have lost their houses,
many have sent their families out of the city for
tbe winter, and all who remain will feci disposed
io cut down expenses by going into smaller
bouses than they occupied before. If all these
circumstances are duly considered, it will be
seen that there is in fact but little reason for a
rise in runts. Those who .in the present
contused condition of things jump to tne con
clusion that house-room will ba very scarce
this winter, and. under that impression, enter
into contracts for dwellings at high rents, will
probably find they bmvo made a mistake.
Quito a number sales of improved real
estate have been made since tbe fire. Several
new houses on the avenues hare been sold, be
cause they wero available for offices. Tbe
priees obtained were dust about wnst was de
manded before tbe fire. A Jorso-, amount
i>f money is offered here lor
ground in the business part ol tbe burnt
district. Capitalists bare come from Cincinnati.
Louisville, New York, Boston, and other places,
with the expectation of buying ground. in tbe
funner business quarter at large reduction* on
former values, and building it up again. From
tbo amounts which several of the principal real
estate agents are authorized to invest we should
think there bos over $1,000,000 or such money
corns here since the fire. The point ot greatest
interest is to know at what reduction on former
values to begin, in this respect everybody
seems to boat sea, and no transaction bas been
made yet to establish a precedent.
COMMEBCIAX.
Satcwjat Evening, Oeult.
There was little trading od ’Cnacge io-day, the
morning being devoted to on informal discussion
oi tbe business to come before tbo meeting at 2
o’clock, sod to personal gossip about tho fire and
other matters. Around the Secretary's table
there was a .group of applicants for relief and
committeemen errancies details f»r ccliet work.
One rather prominent topic of conversation was
the tappoiod action of tbo J»uw wide Associa*
lion; bnt, as no one knew anything abont it,
the conversation was ail lnlerrv*«uon nr excla
(nation, with no nnawer. beoee nothing was
elicited worth being put in print.
At 2 o’clock tbe board was called to order, as
per adjournment troui Tuesday last, the owtcl
being to act on the question «f dealing sub
tho conlr.cU for tbe delivery ol producei xh.t
were outstanding at tbe date o| tbo fire. Presi
dent Preston occupied the chair, and stated tac
qtt Oa l motion of D. U. Lincoln the recoin meoda
tiun of the Directors was read, to the effect that
all such scores bo veilled upon the basis of tho
prices current at the close of Cnaoge on aalur
day and that a committee of nine be appointed
to establish a basts of prices for such settlements.
W. K. Brainard moved tbe adoption of tho
recommendation. T
Tbe Secretary read a substitute offered of J.
IV. Lyon, to the effect that $1.20 bo the basts for
settlement on wheat, and 4So on corn, and that a
committee of three be appointed to carry out the
resolution. Tabled.
Tbo recommendation of the Directors was then
taken up, and
Mr. Meadows moved that too wnolosaucclbc
deferred for another week; any action os it
would not be binding on individual members.
Tabled.
Mr. H. C. Reid offered tbe fallowing as a mb
•litnte:
Jtnolved, That parties having contracts settle
with tbe parties with whom they bare such
trades. In their uwn way. Tabled. As»*»
Mr. 8. B. Williams asked wuetber it is intended
that tho committee should have any control in
tbe settlement of the trades. tCries of **/L>.
n °Mr. Dow asked whether the price of leiUcment
must be that at the close of ’Change, or at tbe
close ot the day.
Mr. Dnobam moved an amendment that the
basis of ictUamcnt be tbe average of prices of tho
Saturday preceding tbe fire. Adopted,
i The recommendation of tho as
"amended was adoptednoanlmously.
Israel P. Rutusay said U would be necessary
k to establish a clearing nooie fur the settlement
i ofdifferencea, or else the right parties won.d not
always getthe money. He moved thkt the cgin*
mittee ol nine shall act aa a clearing commit
tee. with power to appoint a portion of their
i number to so act. Carried,
i The meeting then adjourned.
1 Toe committee as appointed by the President,,
consist* of the following gentlemen t Ira Y.
Muon. Geo. M. Mow, A. B. Hitchcock. A. W.
Wright* George Walker. Wiley M. Spin. J. U
I Dole, J. L. Hancock,S, 11. MeCrea.
that tbo universal destruction of records has
obliterated all tract of a crott many transac
tion* which cannot crco bo remembered, lint
tho Board of Trade has decided to settle up at
far ax practlcublo under tbo circumstance*. A«
Macbeth ouca remarked, Ansels can do no
more/’
Bat little trading was done in groin. Abnnt 10
cmloiM of No. 2i|irinj wuou were bought at
?I.IS, a decline of 2c from the lasi sale reported
“the Purchaser to pay on Monday or Tuesday,
on the arrival of funds from Now York. The
sales were made by S. JI. McCroa to J. B. Lyon.
Corn was inactive: nominal at 43c. Oats wore
steady, with sales of 3 car leads at 33c. Nothin*
doing in rye or barley.
Pror-stans were tinner. There was a buyer for
2*«o hrl» cash mess pork nt 513.00, but nn seller.
Oao holder named $13.50 a« the probable mar*
kot. Lard was nominal at t%£lfo. Meats were
firmer. Sole was reported oi 40,000 lb* short
ribs Shoulder* were nominal at fic: and
short clear at 7Vf@7JS?. Boxed meats J-icflb'Te
theso quotations. Mcssbsei nominal at 89.50;
lor tallow 8o naa bid.
Freights were firm at 14s for corn by steam to
Buffalo, and 13c tor com and rye by sail to do.
Oats to Now York were taken at2o>4e» and 6.000
bu corn was token through to Boston at36c, on
the propeller Offdeaibureh. The propeller City
of Detroit was reported late to take 22.000 bu
corn to Buffalo for 13c.
iiighwioes were more active, at yesterday's
quotations. Sales were reported of ISO brls at 92c
per gallon.
Tho following was the number of ears of grain
inspected Into store daring the five days ending
with Friday evening: 727 cars wheat. 424 ears
corn, 217 car* oatr, 96 car* rye, 171 cars barley.
Total. 1,625 cars, or 649,000 bu. Of these amounts
303 cars were received over tbe C., B. A 0.176
cars over the C., R. L k P.. 4SI Oon over tbe
C. A., 220 cars oler tbe 1. C., 254 ears over tbe
N. W. Galvna division, and 162 can over tbe
N. W.
T io shipments fur tho earns time wore 78,353
bu No. 2 spring. 1,712 In No. 1 do, 22.763 bu No.
3 do. 0.026 bu rejected do. 453 bu No. 2 red wheat,
38,422 bu No. 2 corn, 956 bu rejected do, 375 bu
No 1 do, 351 bu yellow do, 55,525 bu No. 2 outs,
2,018 bu rejected nats, 1,356 bu No. 2 rye, 11.016
bu No, 2 barley. 402 bn rejected do. Total. 220.-
400 bu. The shipments include those of tbe Sat
urday afternoon preceding tbo hre.
The following quotations wore received by Mr.
Morse:
Nbw Yobk. Oct, 14—12:40 p- m.—Wheat is in
good demand, better: Cbicago, 11.53g1.54H:
Milwaukee, 11.5401.55Ht choice, II 56H; N».l,
{I.SS. Corn doll at 79-* bid, 80c asked.
ItECEIPTS-Flour, 13.WU brls; wheat, 287,000
bu; corn, 102,000 bu; oats. 17.003 ba.
LiVEeraor., Oct. 14—3 p. m.-—Market un
changed.
Live Stock Market.
CATTLE—There was little or nothing doing
In this branch of trade to-day. Ttie receipts
were meagre, and only about equal to the re
quirements of the local trade. Shippers were In
attendance, and would have operated on o lib-
cral scale had tbo offering* of stock suitable for
stiipment East been numerous enougD to attract
bejr attention. Owinr to (he limited number
.if beeves forwarded from here during tho past
week tbe Eastern markets are firm and advanc-
mg, and the comics week will probably be ao
acure one here. Wo quote fair to choice ship
pine steer* at t4.5'i@525, and common to good
butcher*' Mali at ;3-1W34.0J.
UOUS—Were is good demand, and all offer*
inea were taken early 18l.JJU(3-4.5<J,
SHEEP—Continue scarce, aod aell readily at
$3.5035.00 for common to choice.
The Pally Market*
BUTTER—Too supply in steadily increasing,
and prices have nuw settled back to about the
closing raogo of last week, or to 15925; for cum
in on to really choice.
BROOM. CORN-About 2.403 tons were de
stroyed la tbefiro, leaving bat a small quantity
here. Dealers are talking of $2009225 per too
for good brush, and $1809200 lor poor.
CEMENT—Business unchanged st 11.75.
CHEESE—Cheese ii coming forward in quan
tities sufficient to meet the demand, and prices
*ro l(32cl>wer than during Wednesday and
Thursday. There la a light demand* at H@l6o
for ordinary to prime factory.
COAL—Remain* steady at former prices. The
supply has been reduced folly ono-halt by the
firc.tho number of tons destroyed being esti
mated at 80,030; which would leave about 75.000
tons now in store. Very little soft coal remains,
but the deficiency can readily be supplied by
rail, and there will be no advance in prices.
EGGS—The offerings were ample and there
were free sellers at lost week’s prices, or at 289
24c for fresh.
FRUITS—Tho market was moderately well
supplied with most descriptions of green fruits,
and prices were no higher than a week ago,
apples selling at $2.0093.60 per brl. and grapes
>it 51.3531.50 for Concord and $1.753223 far Ca
tawba per case. For dried trulls tho market was
somownac unsettled. The stock at present on
hand Is considerable, but there is a plenty en
route, and our dealers will toon b« prepared to.
fill i.rderi os usual. Wo note sales of 3 brls
wild cranberries at $3.00; 6 ba do at $2/0.
GROCERIES—Aro suit unsettled. Light or
dvrs are Cuming in, and sro being tilled at about
former prices.
HAY—Little is doing in this branch of trade.
The supply is light Lai quite sufficient, and
prices remain comparatively steady at $13,003
14.00 lor pressed timothy: 59.00910.00 for prairie,
and at 48.00913 00 lor loose descriptions. Toere
was some inquiry to-day for shipment East and
to tbo lumber country, but the lack of tranapor-
cation checked the outward movement.
HlDES—Remain nominally Unchanged. A
few are arriving, and are selling at about former
rates, quotable at IDHo for heavy green cured,
and lUS lor light do.
LIME—Is quoted at 11.00.
NAILS—Were firm ondcr a continued active
demand, but no advance was gained, sales mak
ing at 51.25 rates.
ON IONS—Are plenty at 70(3SDc per bu.
OlLS—Business In this department.is rapidly
reviving, and prices aro becoming still more
settled. Several dealers have resumed opera*
tton, and country and city orders are being filled
at prices nut varying materially from those cur*
rent bciore the fire. Carbon is la ample supply
and has declined to 3Sc. Lard oil is quoted
steady at 50a for extra winter; 750 for No. I car
root make, and 650 for No. 2 do. Linseed and
turpentine arc nominal at 85090 c for the lormcr
ana at 730 for the latter. Wnale oil is quoted a,
77@S0e. i
POTATOES—Aro m demand, and remain
firm at 650753 per ba. We note a sale of 10
brls sweet potatoes at 52.62J4.
POULTRY ANDOAME-Xs coming in freely,
and is scLiog at lower prices. We quote chick
ens at per dozen, and prairie chick
ens. 51.7502-25.
PAIN IS—There was some inquiry to-day.
and light sales at 111.60 per 100 lbs, for pure
Mbito lead.
SALT—The total loss by the fire nos about
45,0uu brls, bat the stock hero U large, and prices
steady, there is a good demand at former
quotations.
WOOL—There Is no movement of consequence,
and values are little better than nominal.
MARIUS INTELLIGENCE.
Disasters,
We learn that tbe propeller Free State, which
went ashore on Grey's Reef a short time Since,
has none to pieces.
—Tbe steamer Wyoming, eshore at Forcat-. r f
Lake Baron, is a total loss.
—The schooner Seneca Chief was burned at
Manistee, on Wednesday last. Lois 46,009: no
insurance.
—The schooner Q. L. Newman is ashore on
Green Island Reef. She ia lumber laden.
l Xbo schooners Pilgrim and Throe Bella ran
aaboro at Muskegon on Tuuraday, bat were got
off without much damage.
—The schooner American Union, loaded with
grain for Buffalo, ia ashore ct Beavtr Island.
She Is also dismasted.
—A three-masted schooner, deeply laden, is on
the beach at Point Waugosbance.
—A large three-and-aftcr, grain leaded, is
ashore on Crane Island, and a white fore-aod
after is on White Shoo).
—Another loro-and aft schooner, grain laden,
is in trouble at Forly-Milo Point.
—The propeller-barge J crock! lost beriarge
anchors off Fox Island a few days ago.
—The schooner Laeinda Vau Vaikeoherg got
1 ashore on Presque i»le Point on Wednesday,
and was obliged to jettison 3,000 bushels of wheat
before aho could be pulled vff by the propeller
City of New York. Her Captain arrived in this
city yesterday.
—The propeller Colorado got a ground near the
pier yesterday, but gut afloat toward evening
without sustaining any damage.
—The propeller Winslow is reported bard
aground in too Detroit River.
—Tbe propeller Mohawk. of the Western
Transportation Company's Line, got on a reef in
the neighborhood of Point anx Barques on
Wednesday, and threw overboard 1,400 barrels
of flour beturo being released.
—We understand that the Coast Wrecking
Company bos succeeded la raising tbe propeller
Dictator and towed hot into South Mao itoa Har
bor.
—The schooner Msjor Anderson, loaded with
coal for Chicago, which wont ashore at Two
Riveri Point last week, baa gone to pieces. Sue
was owned by Captains John Priadivilleand
Morris, of Chicago.
—The tog which went to tbe assistance of tbe
schooner Melvins, ashore at Pigeon Bay. baa re
turned to Detroit tor another hawser. Toe ves
sel was moved about eight feet, when tbe line
parted, whteh put an cad to too undertaking
until other appliances coa!d be brought into
requisition. The Melvina is lignt and
well out, and the work of floating her
is therotoro of so small megoUnde. The
schooner General, also asuoro in me above lo
cality. will doubtless fare baid from toe effeots of
the present weather, and the abate >s tre decid
edly on the side of a total lost tier situation
up to lateM accounts was unchanged.
At Anchor,
We leant from steamer* which arrived here «n
Friday and Saturday that on Wednesday tweo
tj'Dir e vessels were st »nchor near Point nao
gosU&cco aaot lixteea at St Helena.
Lake Freights.
The following esxegemeata wro reported:
To Bcrrato—schrOakLeafi rye, at 13c; bark
Harry iliascl, corn, at 13o; aohr Quid*
en Wen, com st 12c; aohr Docaldxoo,
wheat, at 13c; icbr Wilbur, wheat, at 13c. To
New ibsr—Props. W. M. Tweed, and SlLocL,
oats, at 2i»J4c. At the close ot' ’Change the prop.
City of Detroit was put in fur ouro to Buffalo, at
13o; and a prop, name not circa, lor corn to Dos*
too, on p. t.
Sympathy from Abroad.
l/osao*. OeU 12—Midnight.—lo response to
thacjllot tne American Minister for a meeting
to express sympathy aod provide relief for the
oeuple o( Chic*co, over tuo American and Eng
li»b gentlemen assembled at the Langbam Hotel
to-mght, The parlors were crowded to excess.
Many persona were unable to obtain admit*
tanoe. The meeting was organised with Robert
:C. Schenck as Chairman. Brief but stirring ap*
peals were made by several spcaken. Maps of
the nntortuoate city, with the burnt quarter
designated, bad been bung on the walls and were
explained oy gentlemen well acquainted with
the ground.
One speaker drew a parallel between the con*
fUgration in Coieago and the great Are of Lon
don. The enthusiasm, which was evident from
the opening of the meeting, needed no stlmnlns.
Everybody was eager to contribute, and within a
short time from the opening uf the list ten.thou
sand pounds sterling was subscribed r»ca rood.
Conspicuous among'the subscribers were sev
eral confederates, who requested that their
names should not appear. A few merchants of
Chicago, whose establishments were destroyed
by-tne fire, also-offered-their toutribatlon*,
amid the cheers of the assemblage.
Resolutions expressing the' deepest sympathy
for the sufferers, and pledging further aid, wore
adopted by acclamation.
I A committee was appointed, with J. T. Morgan
and Sebe&ck at the bead, to procure additional
subscription* in Loudon and throughout the
Kingdom, and more is every reason to expect
that a very large son will be raised. Expres
sions of sympathy were received by telegram
from all parts o* the country, and read by.the
Chairman. r
Among those present wore Hod. A. G. Curtin.
Minutsrlo Russia; Geo. A. E.Burnside. Gen.
Q A. Barnard, Hon. H. McCulloch. Messrs.
Morgan and WoodunU, ot the American Lega
tion i Adam Bodeau, Conrol General at London;
William E. Dodge. New Turk: John J. Cisco.
New York; Messrs. Hunn, starring anu
Uabicht, of Wows, Habicht Jt Co.; Bowles.
Randolph, Clay. Geurge likes, Boughton, the
artist. Job a Hoey. and Tbadeus Hyatt. Many
eminent Englishmen also attended the meeting,
aod manifested their Interest in its objects liber
ally by word and deed.
Pxus.Oet. IS.—Minister Washburn has Issued
a esll <or a meeting of Americans tO-motrow to
contribute to tbe relief of the Chicago sufferers.
—The President, by Mn. Grant
and Messrs.Boulwcll, Robeson, and Creswell,
left Washington mu tbe ISth Boston, when
they will attend the ceremonies, of laying the
oerner-stone ot the new Dot lan poet Office on
Monday. Secretary Dele*** wt -.ioi* .ih«
Oysters and Fish.
Truth crashed to earth veil! rise testa. So It is
with
H. M* CURTIS,
WHOLESALE OYSTER AND FISH DEALER,
Who, allhongba heavy loser by Ibe late terrible
fire,,la now prepared to fill all orders from the.
caanlry and city trade, atbls new quarters. No. 107
B, Twelfih-Bt.. and hopes to hear' soon and often
from all his old customers.
Established in 1803, and not burned ont.
Lusk Blatherwick,
General Commission Merchants, No. SO West Late
st., Chicago. We hare the best store a diocation
it what Is left of the city,'sell only for cash, and
caa guarantee now shippers of produce quick sales
and prompt return*. Correspondence invited, and
circulars, tags, and stencils sent on application.
Henry W. King Co.
Will have their office at 54 Harket-et. nultl farther
notice. Having been eo fortunate aa to aare a por
tion of our etocc from the fire, ire shall open for
bnaineas again within a few days on Michigan-are.
Wo desiro our customers to aid us at once by re
mittances In currency sent by express, or draft on
New York.
Re-Established.
3. W. Hobson 4b Son, wholesale fish dealers, can
be found at their tow quarters, No. 60 Canal and
No. 09 West Water street, where they will. In a
lew days, hare a full line of goods, now in transit,
and be prepared to fill alt orders promptly and sat
isfactorily.
Blanchard Brothers,
Real Estate and Loan Brokers. 807 Slale-st-
Rooms, stores, and offices wanted, to sell, and to
rent. Eastern capital to loan for improvement In
the burnt district.
Thomas Barrows Co.,
General agents Pinkie Lyon MannfoctnrlncCo e.
Victor Sewing Machine, located at No. 73 Booth
Hoisted street. W. L. Bates Co., agents for
Michigan, J. L. Barrows Co., agent* lor lowa,
may be found at same place.
Frank S. Waters,
General Advertising Agent, removed by force of
circumstances to 53 West Uadi sou street (rooms of
‘•Happy Honrs.*’) Advertising In agricultural and
religion* weeklies made a speciality.
Cleveland Paper Co.,
Office and warehouse IT Sooth Jcffa»on-*t., near
Randolph, are receiving goods, and ready to re
ceive orders and cash.
N. W. Gus and Water Pipe Co.
D. A. TITCOMB CO.
Can be found at 3. C. Woolley's, 646 Wabash-av*
W. L. B. Jenney,
ARCHITECT, SO. IS PECK COURT.
Ny«, Campbell Co.,
Wholesale Fish Dealers, will open up at SI South
Jeffereon-sU, on Mondayeext.
Qoodspeed’s
Empire Book, Map, and Chromo House restored
and in running order. Agents wanted fer the beat
subscription books, maps, and pictures In America,
and Goodspeed’s Golden Pens." T. W. GOOD
SPEED, Publisher. 193 West Madlson-et. Chicago.
Baird Bradley,
Loan and Reel Estate Agents, 08 Soath Canal-st
Books, papers, etc., unbanned.
J. M. Hayes,
of Hayes, Gibbons Co., la not among the lost as
reported, but la in New York baying an entire new
stock of millinery and straw goods. They coc
tlnue the wholesale MUlloety at 434 Stale-st.
Runyan, Avery, Loom!. Comstock,
Attorneys at Law, No. 141 West Waahington-st.'
comer Union.
Eldridge Tourtellotte
hare located their law office for the present at 118
West Madlson-ftt. and also at tho Avenue House,
coraerof Wab&ah-ar. and Twenty-secood-et.
P. Qeddes, Qeddea&Reid,
97 South Cllntott-st.
Bauer Loebnltz,
ARCHITECTS, _
at Heeney Campbell's planing mill, comer Canal
and Twelfth*»ta. They will open office In a few
weeks on Randolph-fit., adjoining Thomas B.Bry*
\n’» Fldellty-Safa Depository, opposite Court
House.
G. A. SmllU,
I» Hill .lire at Marine Mill., 66aadC8 North Canal
gt, and will sell Utor, grain and feed at same price
as he did before thtflre. Lire and let lire.
OFFICE OF
W. L. B. Jenney, Architect,
I, at TO» TVabaift-ax.
BcmoTol.
WM. C. GRANT AND W. H. SWIFT, ATTOR
NEYS AT LAW, RAVE REMOVED TO 43 HUB
BAED COURT, NEAR STATE-3T.
The Ijvyr Office
Of
BACON NORTON
Will be for the present at 557 Waba»h*av.
Chicago Union JLlrao Works,
P. E, SPOONER, Agent,
71 WEST RANDOLPH-ST.
jr. f. Ar M. B. WhUn,
OFFICE NO. 1001 WABASH AVENUE,
Between Tvrcuty-Mcaud and Twenty-third Streets.
A. C. SLAYTON,
250 WEST MADISON STREET,
Rill sells
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
At the same price aid place as before the fire.
INSURANCE.
Insure Your Properly.
E. K. RYAN CO.. INSURANCE AGENTS,
are issuing policies in the
ANDES,
AMAZON,
TWUMPH,
and
BtEWERS’
Insurance Companies at reduced rates. Office 47
Sooth Canal-st.
Homo Insurant Company of New
York
Have opened on cffica at 103 West MadUon«3t
and will
FAY ALL LOSSES,
and proceed with badness a» usual.
Tbe Company has eblld assets of TWO MILL
IONS OF DOLLARS after payment of Chicago
claims.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT,
193 W. Modtson-sL
Claim* Ar Insurance.
C. D. PAUL, Attorney at Law,
gives special attontbn to Insurance business.
Proofs of loss prepaivl and claims taken charge of.
331 West Madiaon-et.
John Hancock Sint. LUc Ins. Co.
Removed to 131 Tweity-second-st. Agents waul
ed. Liberal Indneeuent* oflered. All wanting
employment can appV to F. BABCOCK, General
Agest,;lßl TweDly-^coud-eL
Reliable fnsurarce on Good Dwellings
Canto obtained In tie old Manufacturer's Insar
snee Co., of Boston from GKO. C. CLARKE A
CO., Insurance Ageaa, No, SO JUdriAgo court.
molt PLUES.
TYN6 GO.,
Sew tork and Chicago.
BOILER IRON FLUES
‘Ann QAiVAUizsaa' iron.
Tjyngi Co., horned oat at SO LaSalle-sU have
restimed business In the commodioaa machine
factory of L. B. Walker 3Sj C 0.,, t s
67 aod 69 Soath Canal st.
A Urge «to:k of galvanized Iron on hand.
One hundred tons of boilerplates and beads now
on tbe way from the East- _
Best American and English flues famished in
from one to ten days.
Orders solicited and cotrwpondeacc promptly
answered.
TYNG CO.,
07 and 69 Soatft Csnsl-itj Chicago*
lOSBi I03g)- W;WjUIW*-
c rBXIQHT.
CHICAGO ALTON
RAILROAD.
FREIGHT NOTICE
Freight wBLlm received at present for shipment
st the Logins Horns of this compsnj nt Ttrelnh
st.
Freight .ill bo received for shipment «t the
old oUee, earner Van Boren and Cnarlev*ta.
Freight srrlTtng will ho delivered at Hongb 8
Packing House, south side Halsted-st bridge.
Wo are ready to receive and deliver all freight
promptly.
McrSants will please notify me where may
bo found. A. D- BKip.
i ’it- .-Local Freight Agent.
Great Western Despatch
Fast Freight Lino. United States Eiprtss Cmpro
prtelot*. Offlcc. SIS State-jt. Inp-etairs). Order*
pertaining to delivery of freight may atop be left at
I s >w-f •&S‘ls&ssssst
L. FOWLER, AaskSont. -ii
FOR SALE.
First Class- Jot Ole for Sale.
Any person wishing a first class Job office which
CttMnol 1 V r
BUSINESS CARPS.
THE NATION AIi (ELfilJi)
WATCH COMPANY
Have resumed business at
the jS. W. cor. of Green and
Wasbingtpn-sts. 10,000
Elgin Watches protected
in Vaults passed throngh
the great conflagration
uninjured, and can be rec
ommended as Adjusted
to Temperature. Orders
from the trade promptly
filled.
Chicago
Advertising
SHARP S Til AIN
Will be pleased to ace their Mends at
ROOM 6, WELCH'S BUILDING, 63 SOUTH
CANAL-ST.,
Where they are prepared to Insert advertising in
the leading Newspapers of tbo country at publish
era' lowest rates.
REMOVED.
D. COLE SON, Real Ertnlc
and Ilontc Agent,, 188 West
Hladlioii-it, Can be found a
large lint of proiwrlf for >alo
and rent in the West Division.
Hanses routed and Rents Col
lected.
Barnes House,
Comer of Canal and Randolph,
WEST SIDE.
W. K. SWALLOW,
Proprietor.
T. S. FITCH CO.
Can be Found in Temporary Quarters
Erected at thelrOld Standi
163 and 165 Dearbom-st,
tenney, McClellan, tenney,
Attorneys and Counsellors, 45 Hnb
bard-conrt, between State and Wa
bash.
H A, Kohn i Bros.
Have ibcir office at
571 WABASH-AV-,
aod arc making preparations to resume business
at an early day.
D. Kriegh and Co.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Office for the ptescot at
STAR AND GILES ENT MILLS.
at Randolph-st bridge,
West Side.
Office
D. W. A. KEITH CO.
at
__ 593 Mlchlgan-tr.
Jacob R. Shipherd Co.
BANKERS,
164 Twenty-second-st.,
Chicago
21 Pine-uL, New York.
Oar LaSallc-et vault proved perfect, and wo
are transacting business without interruption at
our Twcotj-eecODd-tt. office.
Lovejoy Foster
OPENED AT 800 WEST RANDOLPH-ST.
VIEWS OP THE RUINS, AT TWENTY* FIVE
AND FIFTY CENTS EACH,
READY IN A DAY OR TWO.
Wholesale and Retail Dealers In STEREOSCOPES
AND VIEWS. A stock on hand rcadyforaale.
The Law Office
KING, SCOTT PAYSON
Is located at C 37 Wabasb*av.
S. D. Childs, Jr., Co.,
ENGRAVERS AND DIE SINKERS,
Corner Elude and Kldgebnrr-sta., adjoining tbe
bridge.
Cavanagh and Bodle,
(Late 487 and North
xa**w«i iu lomrm tneirmends and the public that
they hare removed to
230 CALUMET-AV..
And will exectue all orders after tbe 20th Instant.
Wakeman, Manley and Wakeman,
LAW OFFICE AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
45 SOOTH GANAL-ST.
CHICAGO.
IronCliffs.pQ.
Office, SquUt Jcffersoo-st.
JAMES ROOD, Agent.
Mead and Coe,
LOAX ANT> REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Removed td 79 West Madleon-st.,. corner of Jeffer
son. Opr books and papers 'saved, and we are
ready for any business in car line.
R. R. LANDON,
Importer*, Jobbers, and manufacturers’ agent,
commission -merchant, resumes business No. fe
Lind Block, only building left on South Side.
McWilliams and Co.,
PRODUCE COMMISSION,
Have resumed business at 88 West Randolph-st.
Gallup and Peabody
will, fbr the present, have their
OFFICE
449 Wabaab-av.r i
Rochester Machinery Manufacturing
Co.,'
Q. G. V; J-RMER, Manager. 87 shd 39 Booth Canal
at., comer Washington, Chicago, 111., manufac
turer* and dealer* in Wood and Iron Working
Machinery, at old prices. Giro at a call.
TTm. O, White dc Co.,
OFFICE AT NO. 1001 WABASH AVENUE,
Between Twe»***-*»*ytnH •nd Mrd *tp«
C. S. Hutchins tc Co.,
Graiu and Prodace Commission' Merchants, have
res m»l business at No. 97 WestMadleon-et., and
arc rea_l/ to receive all consignments of grain and
prodace the same as befowtho lire.
C. 11. Hanson.
Stencils, Engraving 1 and Die-Sinldnff, M West
Midison-st.
A.J. Harris, Dentist,
at 400 W abash-av.
C. 1.. Jienkg,
Real Estate office, now at acmifacut corner of
Clark and Barrison-ets, Offices and stores for rent.
Notice to Retailers.
Received this, day a sniply of American Eagle
Chewing TOBACCO. Also, a due assortment of
SMOKING TOBACCO, CIGARS, ETC.
Orders promptly attended to.
WSL U. HAQARD, Agent, 171 West Madison.
HOWE RUSSELL,
LAWYERS,
IU9 Wabaah-av.
BATES Sc HODGES,
LAW OFFICE;
113 West Sadlion-Jl.
OFFICE OF
The Riverside Improvement Com-
pany
Is st 706 Wabaih-av.
■V--- r .'•sTiq v
OFFICE OF
A. C. O. F,. Badger
Is at 700 ,w*buh*av.
Brintna'il, Terry fit Beldon,
WHOLESALE HARDWARE,
Removed to brick store. No. 87 West Lake-st, Ex
pect to be able to flJf orders in a Short lime.
M- Graff it Co-,
Jobbers ot finer groceries, in West Madtaon-sL,
BPSIHESS CARDS.
ROBERT fIiREER,
INSURANCE BROKER
AND
Adjuster of Fire Losses,
NO. Gi SOUTH CANAL-ST..
Third floor, front.
proofs of loss prepared with despatch. and at a
moderate expense.
Blanks on nand In fall supply.
E. Schneider Co.
STAR CANDLES,
v Retail Trade.
You can get Star Candlea at oar factory, over
Archer-are. bridge, at eighteen cenlsper Pjwndof
sixteen canoes, and wo arc prepare dta fill
ders to Ibo jobbing trade all -over «bc country at
fofmerprice*.
Agency,
G- H. L. LAFLIN,
WHOLESALE
P* A 3F*
DEALERS,
North Jefferson-st.,
AND
340 Wabash-av.,
CHICAGO. ILL.
Diebold Kienzle Safes,
REMOVED
TO 416 STATE-ST.,
OLD PRICES.
V. S. COVERT.
October 10.1871.
Law Office.
ELA A PARKER.
GEO. W. PLUMMER.
Our clients will find oa
AT 1H WEST RANDOLTH-ST.
Near Union,
wßAtvr FOR WORK.
John Stevenson,
MERCHANT .TAILOR,
WILL RESUME BUSINESS,
WITH AN ENTIRE NEW STOCK,
OCT. SS, ON THE
COB. OF WABASR-AV. AND
twestt-seOond-st.
CHASE,- HANFORD 00,,
Oils, White Lead. Vamlabes, «?^B r
Pino Tar, etc., 479 Canal-*!., near Twelfth*!., cm
cago.
ESAIAS J. WAHREN,
-Beal Estate- Broker,
Has opened a new office at
418 Mlo'hlgan-av.
Boalocas continued without loterroptlon. _
Win. H; Patterson,
GAS FIXTURES, PLUMBERS’ MATERIALS,
Qaa and Steam Filters Supplies,
lit WEST RANDOLPH-ST.. CHICAGO.
Wright Tyrrell,
S. E. CORNER OP
WASHINGTON AND
.'I HALSTED-STS.
MUNSON CO., Man
ufacturers of LEATHER
BELTING, 14 and 16 W.
Randolph-st.
American Emigrant Company
Foreign and Domestic Exchange. Ocean ticket!
to andfrom Europe. Generalralmay ticket office.
Western office 89 West Klnzle-st.
FREDERIC NELSON, Agent, Chicago,
CARTER BROS.,
Contractors of Masonry.
Office, 384 W. Adams-st
The Wheeler Wilson
SEWING MACHINE OFFICE,
At S3S West Madiaon-st.
Thayer itTobey Furniture Co.,
86, 63, and 00 West Kandolph-st
OFFICE AND OTHER FURNITURE
The Mechanics' Savings Bank.
161 TWENTY'S ECONO-ST,,
CAPITAL,
JACOB R. SHIPSERD. President.
CHARLES B. SHEDD. Treasurer.
Escaped without tbe slightest Injury, and Is
transacting business without interruption.
Haskins, Martin 4 Wheeler,
OFFICE
No. GB6 South Canal-st.
Are prepared, as usual, to fill all ordcra for
SALT,
(fine, coarse, and dairy X
f CEMENT,
and
STUCCO.
Fox and Howard,
t -CONTRACTORS for Dredging, Dock hnlldlng
Bridging, Ac.., Office £6 NORTH CLINTON-ST.,
at.Volcan Iron Works.
Hutchinson and Luff,
Attorneys at Law, 3SJ Wahash-ar., will give
special attention to the examination and perfect
ing of titles to real estate and the negotiation of
loans.
C. B. Waite,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
47 SIXTEENTH ST.
Frazer Lubricator Co. Saved.
ORDERS FOR
FRAZER'S AXLE GREASE
ANSWERED PROMPTLY.
OFFICE 68 CENTRE-AV.
William Little Co.,
GENERAL COMMISSION, 8® West Madison-st.
goon asusnaL
J. S. Peironnet Co,,
GRAIN COMMISSION MERCHANTS, rcmorcd
to 63 Sooth Canal-st. Ready for bastoeia.
CALLAG3A2T* COCKCROFT, 108 Randolph
st., hare on the way an entire new stock, and will
be ready for business in a tew days.
AYRES EOFF
Can be found at present, for the pare ha sc and sale
of real estate, at Ml Wabasb-ar. Persons wishing
to boy, sell, or rent, will please call at above place
HENRY EOFF.
Julios Rosenthal, A. M. Pence, and
Adolph Moses, Attorneys.
Room 8, Masonic Building, southwest comer
Randolph and Hslsted-et*.
Laflin 4 Rand Powder Co.
ORANGE QDN POWDER. Fill order! prompt-
Ij. at M 5 W»lr.sli-3T.
nieebu, swoii&aniss
hare removed their law office to 379 Wabash-av.
D. Cole Son,
ISS WEST MADISON.ST.,
here m large list of honses to rent; famished and
IN
THE WEST DIVISION.
We bare some bargain* in bnlldlngs on leased
lota. i
T. F. Baldwin, Real Estate Agent
All letters sod all business. Address him at hi*
residence, MS Washlngton-at., one block west of
Union Bark.
Enoa Brown Co.,
Office 58 Canal-st. All parties are earnestly re
quested to remit their indebtedness st once.
Frank Surges A Co.
«their (ketory, «0 to»B Peoria-st.. comer of
Hudson, .hick Is Intact andmnnlcg Ml force. Oar
customers will please send their orders; which will
b« filled quite promptly for manufactured goods
sxkd tinners'stock.
The Western News Company.
Our Periodical business Is bow in running order
wane as before. Our customers will please remit
balances due to our present place of business—
either by draft on New York, currency (by ex
press), or P. O. order*—comer of Randolph and
Jcffemon-sts.
Wells A Faulkner,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
Will report In a few days on Lake Shore, between
Peck and Hannon conrt.
COMMISSION MERCHANT, burned ont atlS6
South Waler-et Re-established at T3O Stale st.,
(near the Post Office.) Conalgnmeols of country
produce, etc., solicited.
Waite' tc Clarke.
Office S3 and SI Coogrew Half, Cougress-et-, next
Michigan-sv. Hotel,
Lyman A Jackson,
LAW OFFICE AND NOTARY PUBLIC,
Room 3,79 West Madlson-st.
D. P. Wilder.
LAW OFFICE (for the present), comer Thlrd av.
Dr. Edwards,
Office comer
STATS AND TAYLQB-fiTa.
Or. B. L. Reas,
Oflet dumped to his residence,
For sale— sixty peep ON WEST KAO
son. east of Paulina; S3 fact on Wells, be
tween Randolph and Washington ;129 feet on Indi
ana. north of Thirtieth street; two booses and wx
125 feet on Parle avenue, near Robey; 46x150, No*.
63 and 65 South Canal street. This properly 1®
rented for $10,009.
We have removedbur office to No. 63 Sonth Cana
street, have s large Eastern and Southern corres
pondeoce; and'peraons bavins properly to seller
partial wishing to inyost can always find ns <ni
hand and ready to give any Information.
KERR* DAVISON.
63 S. Canal street* Room 1
F
lOU SAIiE--nOU3RA2JD LOT ON'B HOUKTS’
ride Cruaa Chicago, two atory hotwo good col*
Jar and water, will bo sold cheap -for cash. Ap
ply. to J.B. KVNE. Ko. U West Mndlion-flt.
For sale—house and stock for sale
on No. 167 West Lake-at.; 3 yean* groond
*aee.
Foa SAtE —NO. CSI 3STORKY
and marble front boose. Possession given at
once. R. FOWLER. No. 11 S. CanaUt.
For sale or to rent—house sklake*
aT.Smiomcs walk from Oakland Station: 5
minutes from Cottage Grovo-oT. care. Panics
most norehadO farnitoro. GEO. Q. FERRY.
For sale-a well furnished liolse
No. 69 Union Park Place; house marble front
and In perfect order. Price. :S3jO(X) cash,
balance oo long time. WM. D.'KERFOOT, 89 East
Washlogton-ct.
T?OR SALE—OH Rtf NT-NINE ROOil
P on Drexol Bonlorartl. south of Cleaver Hall;
fOOpermonth; price $12,000. AYBES FOPP,
Ml wabash-ar. _____
F' OR SALE—MARBLE FRONT. ROUSE ON
Ashlond-av., near Van Boren**. Will lake
first-class borot property and pay balance. AiRES
EOFF, W1 Wahash-av.
For sale -brick house of 10 booms.
all modern Improvement*, and lot, No. »S
West Adams-*t. near Ccntre-ar.; Immedia’e pos
sess on. SNYDER A LEE, Be*! Estate Agents,
No. 9 Sooth Halated-st.
Fob sale-on easy terms, or monthly
payments, fine new honso and grounds, at May
wood, all ready and at net cost; also large board
ing honso la city, with fine now furniture, and at
coat: *I,OOO. OfiO. H. HESS.residence, 3S9Rar
ren-ar.; office, 932 Slate-sL, from 12 to 2; 76 Wort
Waehlngton-st., up stairs, from 10 to 11 a. m.
POR SALE-TWO. FRAME HOUSES AND
stores, southeast comer of Fulton and JiaLßod
sts. SNYDER A LEE, Real Estate Agents, No. 9
South Hatated-st.. Masoolcßulldlng. __
1?OR SALE-NEW BRICK HOUSE, NORTH
east comer Morgan and Tyler-ats. Apply on
premises to ALEXAND SR <t DEAN. Attorneys. _
rjibK SALE—WEST SIDE REAL ESTATE;
houses torent. By CAMPBELL BROS., office
temporarily at 975 West Madlson-st.
For- sale-a number op houses or
sonth and wen side of Evanston. Call on R.
FOWLER, Room 1, II Sooth Canal-sL
t;OB SALE-FOR A FEW DAYS—BUILDING
T and lot SixlOG, with engine and boiler, shaft
log, pulleys. Ac., If required- Xnqnre at north
west corner Jackson and Cliuton-ft*. ___
non WEST WASHDt OTOH *BT.—PLBASANT
room to renu with board.
TIifcINTYRE RICHARDS. FORMERLY OF
iVL H8 South CUrk. will reionw their bnsloese 01
mprchMJt tailor*, at I*9 Twoniy-eecond-st, on Mon
day next.
TTACASTLOTS WASTED ONNORTH CLARE
V street. We hate parties
eround on North Clark street. SNYDER LEE,
Real Estate. Agents, No.BSonlh Ealßted»t„ cor*
nor of Randolph-sU
—I Hare calls for. them every hoar la iho day.
Leave descriptions at my office and yoa cantina
(rood tenants..'. EBIUTNa) Q. STILES, IJSWcst
Randolph-at. t
Fob sale-a pmntews hand. cart.
Price 525.00. Also, a lot of tinner s took,
cheap for cash. Apply to D. COLE SON, Ibß TV.
Maduon-et.
FARRAR WHEELER.
Hade to order.
CHICAGO.
1100,000
Law Books.
George Du Cook,
rlor-oL, near State.
CITY REAX. ESTATE.
BOARDING.
MISCELLANEOUS.
EOB. SALE.
F“ OR —SALE—ALL. KINDS OP YINEOAJL
KlrchhofTa Vinegar Factory, No. 1M Fnlton-at.
pOR SALE—TWO KILNS FACE
F about 300.009. Inqdlrc'Of J. H. SMITH, 180
Weatßandolpb-Bt.
PEBSOJTAX.
Mbs. e. bell oilmore. op «2 north
LiSalle-aL. please send her address to Mrs.
Welden. Kenosha. Wla.
call at 369 West and get yoor boy
Cieocgle; A.C. GAMMONS.-*
—£RSONAL—Vf M. C. DOW OAN BE SEEN AT
Tribune office. _ _
business chances.
For sale-grocery, full, stock, good
comer, West Side, near Board of Trade. FREI-
B SQOER, 318 Thirdav.
rtOK SALE—A *15,000 STOCK OF DRY
jj roods, with lease of ft Inrge store, 22 hjf 90.
situated centrally on Madlaon-W. Parties wishing:
to retire from business cause of selling. Address
WILLIAMS, 245 West Mfldlson-st., Thompson
Blocfcnpjtairs.
'tESTCASH
.xjfi BEST CASH GROCERY osT SOUTH SUJE
t for sale cheap for cub only.' Well stocked
before the fire. Store is 33x33, with two large win
dows. Also, four large rooms In rear. Store all
furnished complete. Bent for all, S3O per month,
with lease. Now is yonr chance td got a bargain.
Flrat-eomea. It goes. Address 601 Archcr-nr.
nNANCIAIi.
SNYDER LEB» REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
No. 9 South nalated-at., corner of Randolph.
Masonic Building, has appUcatloa_,for vacant lots
fbr leaso, for one year or longer.
rCRNITURE.
Furniture,
PARLOH FURNITURE,
BEDROOM FURNITURE,
OFFICE FURNITURE
To be had at wholesale prices at 177 West Ran
dolph-rt. KUBnSCHKY A HAMANN,
And at 136 Wert Uke-rt.-
OSWALD KUBITSCHKI.
TO RENT.
Machinists and Manufacturers,
I will lease to a reliable party my large atone
machine abop and foundry, with capacity for work
ing 100 men, with the necessary toolsand machinery
for iron and wood work, with abundant water
power. In the business centra of the city of Joliet,
<0 miles from Chicago. Parties desiring to enter
stance Into a well established business will find
bnt few such chiocco. Address or cal! on the
owner, 63J West A’dams-st., Chicago.
L. F. SANGER.
TO BENT.
Houses furnished orunfurmflhod, small cottages,
suites of rooms, Ac., lu all parts oftbo city- Also,
a large bain on Staie-st., south of Fourteenth,
capable of hoWlngl4 horses or mote. Parties de
sirous of renting, buying, or selling, will do well
to call at ray office, as my list embraces property In
all parts of tho city.
WILLIAM D. KERFOUT,
SBEaat'WashiDgton«Bt.. “Burnt District.” _
GROCERIES.
N. C. DRAPER, ACT.
DANA,- HYDE 4 00,, BOSTON, MASS,,
49 WEST LAHE-ST., CHICAGO.
(Formerly 54 and Si Michigan-ar.)
A good assortment of Teas sated from fire, and
good stock of
Teas, Syrups, Coffees Brown Sugars,
Arriving daily. Orders promptly filled from Bos
ton or Ch I cage, as heretofore.
300 Half Chests Tea In stock here.
To my friends in tho Northwest and Far West
t desire to express thanks for past ftvors, and solid t
yoor orders and remittances*on doc and past due
accounts. y. c. PRAPER,
ISIiIUM, BOBBIN MH,
Office for the present In rear of
882 Pralrle-ar., corner Eightcenth-st.
We shall replace oor stock of groceries, and be
In condition to supply our customers In ten to fif
teen days, on the comer of Monroe-st. andMlchl
gan-av. We shall have, on sot. shoot: the J7th, a
email assortment of sugar, tea, and coffee, to dis
tribute in limited quantities to those whrt mainly
Cor their supplies, at this place,
rearof&uPmlrle-av., Uw .for exeenting
country orders at an early date are equ*'. any
bonse here, and we desire onr friends and patrons
te depend upon os for their comlhg wants as for as
possible.
mSCELLANZOUS.
Chicago Manufacteofs-
Wc hare ready for immediate nee, a brick build*
Ing 200 feet long by BO feet brmid,and three stories
high, with an 80-horsc power engine and boUurand
liacß of shafting and pollles, the whole adapted
for any manufacturing purpose*, with a trade from
the Chicago Northwestern EMlrpadraimlhg Into
the building, and surrounded by ample grounds
It can be set running at a day'a notice; _ Address
EDWARD P,. ALLIS A CO.. j
Reliance Worts, MRwaokec.
Paal Becker
AT
West Chicago Ladies’’Seminary, 15-aad IT South
Sheldon street, continues hie class In the above ln
etttatlahand can accommodate hlsNortb Sidepu-
MEDICAL.
Medical..
DU. BIGELOW,
formerly of 179 S..Clark*»U has fitted up his office
AT 73 SOUTH JLiLSTED/ST.,
where he can be consulted as usuaL
The Bennett CollcffO of Eclectic
Medicine ftiid Surgcix
will ro-open on Monday morning, October; 16, at
1015 Slate street, corner of Tventy-eeeond.: All
students desiring informsUoo will call at-.lbecoi
iece, or at the residence- of the Milton
Jay, M. D.. No. 1114 Indiana avenge.
SATES."
Safes.
Ourofflcecan.be fonndat t -f
no; 66 WEST MADISON-ST.,
We have ordered from oar'detory at, Cincinnati
and oor branch houses at St Louis, Louisville; and
Cleveland.
OVER TWO HUNDRED SAFES OF DIFFER
ENT SIZES,
which wfllbc'ready for delivery lailew days.
HALLOS RAPE AND LOCK CO.
BAILBPADS^
Chicago, Rock Island Pacific R. R.
Trains leave and arrive at Twenty-eecoud -a t.
station, on Clark.- l6 a. tn., 4:30 p. m.,
and 10p.m. Arrive—At 7 a.m., 6;45 a.’m., and 4;
10p.m.
Om«j corner of Clark
TO KSKX—HOUSES, _
TO KENT AND FOR SALE A BRICK
honsu, »1 rooms, tn one uf the locations m
the- Wear Division; can'be rented provided
furniture D purchased price of furniture, S-’.UiO
cash bon?e furnished throughout; rent low. Art
dreM SHEFFIELD, caro J. H. Rama, China Store,
West Madison-st., near Abertleen-flt:
mo ED HOUSE ON GREEN*
X wood Avenue near <l7th street, near Kenwood.
SNYDER i LEE, Real Estate Affenfs. No. 0. S.
Halstead street corner of Randolph street, 31a
sonic Rulldinjt. _
TO RENT—BRICK DWELLING CORNER OF
Trfcr-it- end Marsfleld*av. Inqnlro ofH. ALEX
ANDER, Jr.. comer of Morgan and Tyler-sts.
TO KENT—NEW BRICK HOURP OF FOUR.
Icon rootna on West Monroe-st.
barn, and carriage house. 11. WHIPPLE «fc Co.,
Room U. Masonic iJnildluu, corner of Randolph ami
tlnlated-at.'
O REST—BY OEOItGF. X HILL. 11l cillf
met-ov.. marble front bouse. No. 121 Calumet
av., 15 rooms; also house of roomsou \\*al>a»b-nv„
near Thlrty-flrst-at.
TO REN IV_.\ LARUE BRICK RESIUISNCK. Iti
rooms, cost front on Wabash-av.. near Four
tcenth-st.,for business purposes; alto a 3-ttorv
I and basement brick houeo, Iti rooms on Aliclumin*
i av„ north of Twcoty-sccond-at. SNYDER J5 LEE,
No. U Sonth Ilaletcad-st.. corner of Randolphst.
TO RENT-A PLEASANT”TE3fEM£XT OF
7 rooms, or lew, famished; farnltute for gale.
Also, a lino office, good location foradrcotlut or
physician. Address W, 820 Cottage Grove-nv.
For i'ie.nt uousET'Fnr
nlshcd complete, with barn. on West Monroe
at. A HELL
formerly l(W Washington**!
T'
lO RENT-TWO 'NEW MARBLE FRONT
bouses of VI rooms; all modem Improvements;
brick barns: Nos. ami mr» West Washlncton-et.
near Paulina nml west of Union Park. SNYDER
LEE, Real Estate Agents, No. 'j South Halsted
street, corner of Raacfolphst.. Masonic UuUdlng.
TO RENT—HOUSE AND FURNITURE. FOR
six months or longer. WM. C. REYNOLDS.
luSU Indiana-av.. near Twenty-thlrd-n.
mO RENT—A GOOD HODSE AND STOKE.
I centrally situated, at Hyde R;.>. Term* same
as before the fire. C. B. WAIT: 97Sfxtecnth-pt.
f|iO RENT—LARGE ROOMS FOR MANUFAC-
X luring purposes, with power furnished from a
2uo-hor»e power engine in Dctroil. Apply lo TOM
TENSQN GRAVES. Detroit, Mchlgan.
TO RENT-ROOMS.
110 RENT—TO ONE OR TWO BUSINESS
moo. a large front parlor and fine bedroon. both
elegantly famished, with separate entrance, so that
panics can be perfectly Independent Inquire at
354 Fulton-et., between Ann and Elisabeth.
fi\6 RENT—SUITES OF THREE ROOMS. OX
I Ist and 2d floors Thompson's Block, on
Madlson-st., suitable for insurance business or law
yer’s office, or anr light business. Apply to WM.
n.THOMPSON,i2OWcBtMadieoa st., Thompson’s
Block.
fllU RE.Vr-O.NU FINE BASEMAN V ROOM.
X suitable for a lawyer’* or physician’* oßlce. at
430 West Waahington-sL Also, large lofty rooms,
with board. Apply at -U3 West Wft>hlngton-st.
TO RENT—TDK SEBOND AND THIKD
floors and basement of warehouse 46 South
fer mercantile purposes. A. Kill-
TO RENT —AND FOR SALE, ROOMS,
houses, and ofllccs. BLANCHARD BROTH
ERS, Real Estate and Loan Brokers, S0» State-at.
TO BENT-STORES, OFFICES. Ac
TO liBNT—STORKS 032 AND 034 STATE-ST..
with or withoot basements; can be enlarged i
desired.
Also, store find large ice boose, soltable forpack-
Intj boose, with dwelling, at 247 Cottage Gro\e uv,
Floe location Cor the boalnoss.
Cottages and rooms In different parts of the city.
AH of the above will be rented at fair rate-, and
possession to-day if desired. Apply to GEO. 11
lIBSS. 389 Wamm-av.. from 7 to a. ro.; at Geo.
M, Scott's office, 74 West Waahington-st.. from iu
11 a. in. and 4t05 p. ra.; at irJ-J Stato-sL from 1-2 to
2 p m.
TO RENT—VALUABLE DOCK ON CHICAGO,
ar. Apply to BARNUiI RICHARDSON
Manufactanng Company. 04 Sooth Jcffersoo-aL
ffO RENT—THE FINEST BASEMENT ON
1 Stato-sL, near ILirrison, 50x100 feat. For par
ticulars, and to see It, apply to 283 State street, up
stairs.
TO KENT—FOR OFFICE, FRONT PARLOR.
No. ftVt Wabas-b-av.
TO RENT OB LEASE—LOT 40X131 FEET. uX
east aide of Halsted-st. between Randolph and
3yishiDffton-9ts. SNYDER LEE, Real Estate
Agents. No. 9 Httl*tcd-Et.
LOST AND rOUND.
Lost-ox Monday night a trunk was
lost a fen* blocks sooth of Nonh-av. bridge,
containing two account books of the Northwest
PaporCo. Anyone having knowledge respecting
them Is reonested to communicate it to the com
pany. 87 West Lake-st. A suitable reward will
ne paid, and no questions asked.
OST—FROM 166 WABASU AV ONE SOLE
leather trunk, marked E. R. T. A., Chicago.”
Carried off aboutSa.m. Monday. The tinder will
bo bandsomeiv rewarded on leaving at 384 Stale
st. ARMSTRONG 3; CO.
Lost ouu delivekv-wagon was
last seen going south Tall of goods, fcanlcd
by band power, on Michigan-av. Oar name in full
Uon the wagon. Finder will be well rewarded on
reporting to ARMSTRONG, BS4 State-st.
OST—TAKEN PROBABLY BY MISTAKE
from the office of the Metropolitan Hotel, on
Monday afternoon, October-9, a black leather
rallflc; the contents were of no value except to the
owner. Please retnm it to th.- Metropolitan Hotel
office, and a liberal reward will be paid, OEO. S.
HAND.
L" OST-TAKEX FROM TOE GARDEN Cm'
Honsc, just before It was burnt, a largo Sara
toga trunk, covered with canvas, upon tho ends of
which was printed the owner’s name. Tho trunk
was lilted with books, mostly inedical, many of
which had the owner’s name written on them. A
liberal reward will be given for Information of
said trank or books. Ac.. left at tho Barnes House.
J. IX. FREEMAN. Owner.
UST-*jO REWARD—OURINU THE FIRE,
on the North Side. Sunday nlcht, a trank
ailed with clothing and marked R. 31. Fair. The
al*ove reward will be paid for its return to IftSl
Wabash -av.
LOsT-UF THE MORNING OF THE 9TH,
from the front of *205,2UC or 207 Mlchlgan-av..
1 a largo pier glass or mirror, which, if returned to
J. W. FARLIN, 505 Michigan-av.. a liberal reward
will be paid.
Lost-on Monday night last. 2 bay
horses, welch about 11 cwt each, finder will he
rewarded bv bnnginpto 292 Firat-et., near Panlina.
FROSTBR’O’S, wood dealers.
TOST— $30 REWARD—TWO TRUNKS*
j tents, marked E. Sheldon,” and **F. B.
Sheldon.” Tranks marked “P. B. S.” Informa
tion left with WALDRON, NIBLOCK CO., i
Ktppgbnry-pt.-
Al OTTCE s3> REWARD—TWO TRUNKS.
IN plainly marked ”S. W.Swyer, Chicago;”
taken by a friend to earc. or stolen from lake
shore. Also, one chest, 3 feet lone, IfootdorlU
Inches square: eight camera tabes. Any party
returning any of the above will receive the above
reward. Leave same at Tribune office.
HEWARD-TUE BXFIiKSSiIAX WHO BE
celvcd upon hi.-* wagona Saratov Tmnk, mark
ed F. U. L., upon the corner of LaSalle at. and
Randolph, just as the fire reached that block, will
be liberally rewarded by rending the same to F. H.
Lon'j, owner. Xu. ICQS Wabaah-ar.
EW ANY
EWAKD-ANY PERSON' RETURNING TO
F. H. Lonff. the black trunk left in LaaaJle
Plrcct tunnel the nlsht of the Are, also three
framed pictures of I*. C., left with It. will be libcr
ally rewarded. No. 1033 Wabaab-nve.
n\AK.kN'FKOSI THE” REAKOP 2*5 ILLINOIS-
J, st.. Monday morning, dorin" the Are. aSeliptic
springe wagon. neatly new, body painted green,
wheels ted, no steps on; subsequently a horse was
let loose Into the street; the bone is black, with
white spot in forehead, no shoes on hind feet.
Whoever will return tho horse or wagon will be
suitably rewarded. JOHN GAMMELL, formerly
OS Bush-at. Communicate with Eagle 4s Co., 9U
West Late st.
bor reward—for the return of a
2) ,40 plain Chicbcring piano, Boston make, taken
from 23i> North LaSalie-at., together with fell load
of furniture. Apply to W. H. ESTEY, 181 and 1®
West Washinctoo-st.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Agents wanted.—now is .the time
to make a new start. We shall be able to dll all
orders after the SOtb. UNION PUBLISHING CO..
S6 Vlncenncs-av.
118 LARGEST AND FINEST FURNISIiEb
bonse In Englewood to exchange for improved
or unimproved business property; no incnmnnrnce;
cost fl.uoo. A new neat dwelling near Fulton-av.,
South Side; price £7000; easyterme. A floo new
residence on West Monroo-st., swell front, famish
ed, fl0,000; long time. Thtxe houses on Warren
av. for sale, and a fine brick residence on West
Washington,furnished; price $11,000. iLA.LAW
RBNCE CO., S3 South Canal.
MACHINERY.
Ames* engines, portables to ahorse
power; threshing. Sand 10-horae; circular saw;
mills, Foremen's grinding mills, com ehellers,
belting, etc. COLLINS EATON, Agent, 70 South
Canal-st.
LANOTS’ STATIONARY AND PORTABLE
engines and sawmills, etc., at the old stand,
romcr.f't Cnu.rJ and Washington-ets. F. W. NOR-
TtIBOP.
enr real estAte*,: v
FOR BALE-AT COTTAGE GROVE. SEVERAL
fine houses, with moncro .conveniences and
possession. A, J. SAWYER, 300 Colfax-av.
TJOB SALB-BY A- J. A VEKELL, AT HIS PRIST
JU cut office, 600 Wabash-ar.—house and lot oq
Drexel-ar.. two blocks south of Oakwoodrav
Lot »xl 80; boose 30x83 ft, nearly new. ftice'
s*o,ooo—cash, $3,000; balance on easy terms, or can
b»soldmnil»lwil.
PERSONAL.
MISSING— MBS. ERNESTINE SHMIDT, OP
211 East Bondolph-si., wants information of
her husband. Christ. S. Shmidt,.at the drug store.
No. 7T> Wg«t Randolph-st.
Ktstituun jtontfiCTb can tots ews*i> at
Wood'a, Siato-gt> ij
WANTED.
WANTED-THREB FIRST-CLASS TRAVEL
ling boot and shoe salesmen. Address B <fc
S, 106audios Water-stM Cleveland, O.; nsmbte
Salary, territory,,and sales made; referenda, etc.
ANTED-TO PURCHASE FOR CASH. A
good family horse, bnpry and harness, eoand
-free from vice, and a good traveller. Address
with fttli particulars, for two days, J. S. GADSDEN
fit Coaal-flt. 1 u’
BUSINESS CARDS.
GS. HUBBARD, JR,. REAL ESTATE AGENT,
No GSCanal-st.. will lease houses, collect
rents. scD real estate, and do all kinds of convey
anting. Several well located residence®' in. the
W«t Division for sale. AIT abstracts of title and
other papers in mv csrc saved from lata lire G S.
HUBBARD. JR.. 68 Canal-gt.
HOUSEHOLD GOODS:
Household goods—j. n.pike, auction
cer. is located at 737 West Lako-st., and ready
to-receive household goods and general merchaxf
dise on commission, or attend.to solas outside.
oTOCK OF PLR.NITUKB FOR SALE CHEAP,
O and store to rant or for sale: size 30x140 feet,
brick basement, and 3 stories. POWeatMUdteon-at.
THE “UN ION STEAMBOAT COMPANY]’—THR
up-frclght business of this Company will, be
done hereafter at their former down freight dock,
west end of lake street bridge, which wa»,un
banned by the fire. Office over T. M- Avery’s
lumber office. Consignees arc earnestly requested
to remove their property as soon, after arrival hetp
as possible. W. BULLARD, Agent.
WANTED— TO DISPOSEUFIMMEDIATELY—
and fUrnitore of two-story cottage- on
Prarie-ave. Bosses ran by door; everything naw;
boose in first-class condition; stoves, coaLgaa fix
tures. Ac., complete. No fancy price; jnat actual
oat; no bonus. Rent, $45. Apply at Morrb'Liv
ery Stable. Siitflcnth-st.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES,
I*OR SALE-BDTCHER cart and hah
neas. Inqntre at iMWeat Hadison-at,
AJiTEB-ISDIEDIATELY-TWESTT GO6 6
horses to hoard for the winter, good aiabft
c#re. twenty mllod from,Chlcago. Call at Tl2 West