THE GREAT CALAMITY.
Further Particulars of the
Destruction of
Chicago.
last f Missing—Losses
and Insurance, Etc.
The moment tbit General Sheridan assumed
command of the relief and police work of tho city
agreat improve mat was manifest in the ordei in
which the lab.w w is peifonned-
This may be ItH'aneed by the manner In which
the grand relief depot of the South Side was coo
dneted. Immediately after It became known that
the sympathy of other cities and villages was to
be manifested in a more palpable way than in
words, the necersity became apparent of organis
ing the work of dMribntlon in a manner to Jose no
opportunity of saving life.
The work was intrusted to Colonel James A.
Hardie, Inspector General on General Sheridan's
staff; and a large warehouse belonging to Tobey
Booth, situated on the comer of Eighteenth and
Grove streets, was selected as the scene of
disembarkation of the provisions which
began to arrive with unexampled ra
pidity from all directions. TbeHsl of places from
which the mjiplit s cime would be an ahnuet im
possible ta-x, and would u*r:ip!i-'c. in effect, a list
of all theta-ms and dries oa the Hers of theT.’R.
nuis Centra', .dichi- MwbLali Southern,
and Rock ad fluid-. Vtvse were all the
linos the’. found possible to accommodate
in this one ,-.ot. and tho event proved that,
work encash was thus provided.
C-.lcra' T Uordle. assisted by Mr. C. J. Aspel who
bad bean appointed by the Hoard of Trade, organ
iced a Urge corps of laborers and proceeded to un
load the cars as they coaid be brought to tho ware
house, and it is a peculiar com
mentary on the sympathy felt
for Chicago that the trains arrived with such rapid
ity. and so closely succeeded each other, that at no
time was it possible to stow away the provisions as
r ast as they arrived.
During the day and night of yesterday over sixty
fnll carloads of supplies were handled by
the force at work and the arrivals never ceased for
a moment.
Owing to the rapidity with which the work wont
on, and the Insufficiency of help, it woe fonnd im
possible tu r.-cord in any manner the amonnta or
article* *ent, or the places from which
they came. In many cases, indeed, there
won no record with the cars: no emblazonment of
the charity of the givers; the only Idea evidently
being to prevent suffering, and that too at the ear
liest possible moment. Some of the cars had short
inscriptions In chalk indicative of their
destination, like this: “From Alleghany
City to the Chicago Sufferers.” Olhcr#
bad no mark; and if they had it wonld do* have
been possible to have kept track of tbem, since
Colonclllaidie was not doing “paper work,” but,
to nse his own words. There must be no red tape
in this thing.” And there was no red tape; fora ß
Cast as the provisions came in at the track doo
they were seized by a second gang of men and
joadod into wagons on the Eighteenth-street front.
Here wens congregated every possible description
of vehicle, tarh blaring orders or requests for pro
visions from all paints In the city but most gen
erally from ;ho South Side. These requests were
generally cfroplied with, though, of course. In
many case* the authority of the person making the
order could n .t be ascertained.
The po;u:.« nf distribution to consumers were In
the chuich?s in most cases, and the scenes in these
were, to Uc3 s mild term, heartrending. Time and
space would fail :o recount the types of persons
who came in begging for aid and recounting their
stories, which were In tbe main" the aarnc. No ap
plicant for food was turned away, and the number
of families relic-ud was countless. The fact that
a large proporiinn t.f the supplies sent In wore al
ready cooked wry mnch lessened the labor of the
work, and rt udi’rcd possible a task which wonld
otherwise ha»e been unmanageable.
The k*r l .-.i,d character of tbe food supplies
which were dbcuibarked at the Eighteenth-street
warehouse were variable beyond- the imagination
of roan to cor.c-ive. It teemed as if the charities
of the donors ha 1 seat every thought of prudence
from their heads. Among the supplies may be
named coops of live fowls, hogsheads of sngar,
beads of cabb igr. hundreds of barrels of crackers,
beef In every form, cooked, dried, pickled, and
raw, pork in Its pn-»<*rved and native state, bags
of coffee, barrels of flour, bread both fresh and
hard, hundred* of packages of bacon, Jars and bar
rels of doughnuts, cheese in all sorts of packages,
every kind of cake: and. In short, nearly every
varietv of eatable known to the bill of fare of the
not forgetting Llmbnrger kasc and saner
The great need of the dtyas developed by tbe
work of distribution on the South Sldclsnotat
present more perishable eatables. Over one
hundred cars were in the city on yestciday waiting
to be unloaded; and, fmm the contents of those
readied, 11 la fair to assume that nearly all of tbem
contain articles which will not be useful after a few
days. Of course Chicago appreciates the kind
ness of her numberics* friends; but it may not he
ont of the way to make a suggestion to those who
have not vet forwarded their collections. Colonel
Bardic t&lnks that the great wants of tbe dty are
now coffee, candies, clothing; and. above all. coal.
The example of Detroit, elsewhere mentioned. Is a
commendable one.
THE DEAD.
Adead-bonso bus been extemporised la a livery
stable, No. C 4 Milwaukee avenue, and thither,
since Monday morning, the charred fragments ol
humanity have been carried. At noon yesterday
the scene wa? one of the most horribly peculiar
ever witnessed. At the door wore stationed Offi
cers George Mitchell. Parker, Smith, and special
policemen, and a long line of persons anxious to
obtain a glimpse of the remains. That the bodies
were burned beyond recognition they were told
most peremptorily, but a morbid cariosity and a
feeling of certainty that they, at least, could recog
nize what no ono else could, kept a large crowd at
the door. At S o'clock a string was formed, reach
ing possibly half a block. The police allowed the
men to go In by tens, and then, after a look, le 1
them go again. At this rate it was found that
103 persons cirae in every twenty minutes,.or 300
perbonr. The same order was maintained until 6
o'clock last evening, by which time 8,000 visitor*
bad been admitted. They were principally Swedes
and Germans, from what bad been the North Side,
the fact tbit a majority of the bodies bad been
found In :h*» vicinity of Chicago avenue and the
iver naturally bringing together the foreign pop
ulation living in that locality.
At the further end of the stable, In a recess,
were lying no less than seventy charred bodies.
To say tb *y were unrecognizable Is to describe
their condition very feebly. Of the seventy but
four wero of human form, the others bcingbnmcd
ontof all shape. Against the extreme wall was
lying one man of far above the ordinary size. He
bad been sn'Vocilcd, for his limbs, while drown up
as if indicating extreme agony, vtcre nnbnrot.
Another body, whose clothing still remained, was
parUally covered np. The head and face were not
entirely contained, not so sickening were their ap
pearance tbit the officers covered them up. Jnet
beyondthUoue was abody quite untonebedby
the flame*, the clothing bearing i-ot a single mark
of fire. This man had also been suffocated. He is,
apparently, a Gcrmah. aged 35 years, and has a
light mos'acln and chin whiskers. Near the door
lies at fall length abody. apparently that of a
young colored man. The anna arc drawn np, and
the clothe.- burned entirely off, with the exception
of a pair of hosvy boots.
Of these bodies two arc said to have been recog
nized—those of Henry J. Oman and Peter O'Brien.
Which they wetc,and bow they were identified is
not knowr.
The officer* maintain the strictest order, and
none bnt the qumtest and most decorous behavior
is allowed.
The Coroner 1* expected to hold an inquest to
day. A number of plain pine coffins are piled up,
and ho bamed r.rc some of the bodies that three or
four of them ronld be placed in one coffin.
Tickets were placed on each mass of remains*
but they on'd no; he reached. Indeed, any hope
of recognizing any bnt two of those described
would he vain.
Two bodies more were found on Stale street, be
tween Mour-> «;i 1 Adams streets, late yesterday
afternoon. Tin y were found on the west side of
the street. rt il.e second and fourth doors south of
ibe alley. Dr. Wood pronounced them to be the
remainder two wen. They were removed to the
Morgue.
PROCLAMATIONS.
The preserve-ion of the good order and peace of
the city is beret y uurnsted to Lieutenant General
Philip H. ShetlrtßU, United Slates Army.
The police wilt act in conjunction with the
Lieutenant Geos ml In the preservation of the peace
and quiet of the city, and the Superintendent of
the Police will cmsilt with him to thatend.
The Intent be Jig to preserve the psace of the city
■without Interfering with the functions of the city
government.
Given under my seal thU October 11, A. D. 1871.
R. B. MASON. Mayor
OnoKnzo by tbo full Board of IVli.e t!:at
power* granted to special police sine.' t'-uauav. OU.
8, be and hereby are revoked.
The large military force now la fas city i.ndrr
the command of Lieutenant General She?‘da:., c
operating with the regular police org.-
now deemed sufficient to maintain y.<.-
etude for the future.
T. B. BROWN,
P. GtJND,
MARK SHEfiID
Comuli. !o:j*rs.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS
Scenes and Incidents in the Burnt 1)1 v
trlcts.
TUE COUNTY PHYSICIAN.
Dr. Ben Miller, County Physician, has made Lis
headquarters at the Union Street Station, where
his chief occupation appears to be the teller of the
Injured. Be has been busy during the day attend
ing to tblsbranch ofthe profession.
A MORGUE.
A morgue has been temporarily founded at No.
&I Milwaukee avenue. There are at present fori,
bodies lying there, of both sexes, though so brn.us
as to be in nearly all cases nnrecognlxable. Har
are so disfigured that tbclr aer cannot be deter
mined. The only one yet recognized is Mr. Henry
J. Ullman. One or two of tbo bodies werequ"*;
untouched by Are, haying died from suffocation.
Twelve arrived at tho jnorgno from Wesson stre-’
alone. They arc all ticketed. Bboairgprec.sv.
where four d.
BURNED TO TJEATii.
Gsorge Dcdri. .in 1 Kngil <hns.r„ crapiejou in
IWs brewery, wa j found ber.-cd to cin-'rr, yes
iaidr.y rnoru.ag. Bis skull and Hals were lylsg
-or:* distort* from the body.
GAVE HIMSELF .UP.
It will be gratifying to learn that the man Dres
ser, who was awaiting trial in the County Jail for
the Bridewell homlcide,delivered himself op at the
Union Street Station yesterday, where he was
locked np.
THIEVES ARRESTED.
Johnny Lee. the young rogue who shot Officer
Lee some few weeks ago, was yesterday brought
to the Union Street Station, charged with stealing
a cap. HU face was mocb disfigured, and be bad
-idently been treated toa severe handling.
—Daniel Tlemay sad six roughs entered an
Italian saloon, comer of Kind* and Dunn streets
yesterday, and assaulted the saloon-keeper, who
rcfQEcd to let them drink. While the crowd went
for the Italian, Tiornay went for S2O in the till.
Officer Coffee captured him. A crowd of lolly
S,ouo people tried to lynch him.
NOON’S BLOCK.
W. K. Nixon’s new and unoccupied, building,
on the corner of Monroe and LaSalle streets,
proves to have been bat slightly damaged. It will
be completed for occupancy In about thirty days,
and the owner, with a generosity worthy of all com.
mcndatlon, has actually reduced the rental 10 per
cent below the price named in his leases.
GAS FOB THE SOUTH DIVISION.
The South Division will be supplied with gas,
of which an adequate' quantity is In readiness, as
soon as the pipes in the burnt district can be cut
off. Two hundred men are now engaged In this
work.
THE MICHIGAN CENTRAL ROAD.
We are requested by Mr. Wentworth, General
Passenger Agent, to atats that the Michigan Cen
tral road is running trains promptly bysebedole
time from the Twenty-second street depot. All tbe
rolling stock of tbe road was saved In perfect order.
Baggage Is trausferred at the depot, and the affairs
of the road are in precisely the same state as before
tbe fire.
THE CITIZENS’ PATROL.
The citizen patrol organization was kept np in
the South and West Divisions on Tuesday evening,
and proved itself very effective. The streets and
alleys were scoured alf night by armed palrola.who
called to account every stranger they met. In the
vicinity of Cottage Grove a specially vigilant watch
was kept by tbe citizens. During the night, two
men were Brand In the grass of one of (he parks
with matches in their bands. They were both
arrested by Deputy Sheriff Stacey and locked np.
AN INHUMAN CAPTAIN.
Maurice Whittingham, working with Newell A
Son, locksmiths, relates tbe following: “1 lived on
on the corner of Pine and Illinois streets. When
my house took fire 1 and my family, with what few
articles we saved, took shelter on tbe lake shore.
The tug boat LIIU Clifford came along. We hailed
her, and myself and family, with numerous others,
implored tbe Captain to lake us to the West Side.
We got aboard, leaving onr articles on tbe shore,
crossed to the West Side, and then returned after
our goods. I lelt two trucks with wearing apparel
and found one. I brought one trunk on board, and 1
found the other in the possession of the Captain,
who brought It -aboard while I was there, and
claimed It as belonging to him. Seeing that kind
words wonld not give mo possession oi my goods,
1 was obliged to present my revolver to the Cap
tain's bead and demand my trunk, which I did.”'
MILITARY ON DUTY.
Two companies of Chicago military (Norwegian
Guards), under command of Major Q. F. Aestrnp,
were on dnty last night, under the direction of
Captain Miller, of tbe West Division police. The
companies wore offered by Captain Beotson and C.
Jabnaen.
Two companies of United States regulars ar
rived here from Omaha list evening.
A CANARD.
The report of a prairie fire at Hyde Park le a
canard.
GENEROUS.
Tht Hyde Park Bote) has been opened free to
the destitute.
THE MAIL.
The office of the Evening Mail Is In Lind’s
Block, cast end of Randolph street bridge.
COOK COUNTY BANK.
About2.Boa. m., on Monday, Mr. D.Spencer,
President of the Cook Connty National Bank, took
from (ho vaults of the bank all the currency, bal
ance books, and everything of value, which be hur
riedly conveyed U> bis carriage, standing on Michi
gan avenue, and removed to hla residence- Mr.
M. D. Tiilotson, Cashier, subsequently opened the
office, bnt was unable to reach the vault. It was
yesterday decided that the bank at once resame
business, and it has secured an office atNo. 681
Wabash avenue. This being a new bank, has.'of
course, bat very little paper, and will be found to
be one of the strongest Institutions in the dty,
having, in its Directorship, each men as Senator
Tmmbull, Potter Palmer. Washington Bushnell,
and Jesse K. Dubois.
THE RECORDS OP THE ‘BOARD OP PUBLIC
WORKS.
At an early honr yesterday morning an effort was
made to recover the record* of the Board of Public
works. The vanlt in the west wing of the Court
House was found intact, and ioada of valuable
papors and books were arriving throughout the
day. Everything is in an excellent state of pres
ervation, a little smokiness being the only damage
to the hooks. Yesterday the Board was bosy plat
ting ont the city property—Dearborn Park, Lake
Park, from Randolph to Twelve'streets, the Hay
Market, and other places—which will be leased for
one year for the erection of frame buildings one
story high.
an incendiary arrested.
About 10 o'clock yesterday morning a boy was
canght la the act of attempting to. fire a.balldlng
on the comer of Dayton street and North avenue.
Ho pnt a powder can, fitted with a fuse, through a
broken pane of glass. He was taken in charge by
the military patrol.
OUTRAGEOUS.
Several parties were detected, yesterday. In the
act of selling provisions which they had procured
gratuitously from the city authorities.
WABASH AVENUE BUSINESS.
The tong-mooted question whether business
will work sonth on Wabash avenne has been satis
frctorily settled by the fire. The avenue, from
Twenty-second to Harrison street, the sonth limit*
of the fire, is being rapidly devoted to business
Yesterday the fronts of nearly all tbo fine resi
dences presented an odd spectacle, being adorned
with rudely extemporized signs. Indicating that
offices bad been established. Private residences
are now more practical than ornamental. Our
heavy wholesale merchants are doing business at
home, and will be glad to have tbslr customers
call, as usual, at the office.
THE SOUTH SIDE RUINS.
Five engines are vigorously at work pumping
water Into the mains of the South Division, and a
(air aupply will doubtless be famished to-day.
TUB BBIGGS HOUSE.
Messrs. Wentworth Woolwortb on yesterday
Jmrchascd the Laclede Hotel, on Madison street a
sear the bridge, and hare christened It the Briggs
House.” It is already in full blast.
BENEFIT CONCERT.
Hme. Eugenie Dcßuode Rice, the w«U known
planlsie. Who has so often delighted Ul.lu times
past, left fbr Cincinnati last evening, herold home,
and will at once Inaugurals a monster concert
therefor the bom fit of our aul&r.’rs, after which
the will je:um htr<. She lefonaa na that she baa
cast her lot lo Chicago and will stay here to tho
last, whatever may happen. As Mrs. Bice has a
largo acqtalnuoceand influence In Cincinnati her
noble effjrl will of course meet with a hearty
recognition In that city, which has already done so
ranch and <o handsomely for ns.
It will also interest their Biends to know that
y r Zlegfeld. and Sfr. Bischoff, the well-known
t :nor, although they have saved nothing but tho
clothes on their bicks, will also remain hero.
tbh north side ruins.
great number of persons yesterday visited the
North Side forlbe purpose of recovering, If possl
l.j-i. property whlch they loft there. One man,
•.vhn bad buried a lot of stuff on Division street,
wee unable to find the place, and went off discon
sjvstc. Others found that property which they
iid left on vacant lots bad been
by tbo bands of thlovca
were prowling around daring the night. The
1 1 iL-ute of supplies made It Impossible for thus*
V to -ere watching to remain during the night,
vM Mir property fell an easy prey. Twoorthrc°
private safes were recovered In good condition.
ANNOUNCEMENTS.
WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPH.
,'j.e General Office of the Western Union Tele’
grip!: Company last tbo corner of Washington and
Csiial «:r-_-ato.
PRINTING PAPER.
v'. W. Under Co., paper manufacturers’ agents,
l: rose:;; will make their headquarters in the of
it-; of the Chicago Union where they will be
jw.Lvl to mo all of their old friends and custom
er: ’.'.ivy ask all that are owing them to send
-■•L-ir rvuiiiubces lo their hour of need.
PRINTERS’ UNION.
The headquarters of the Chicago Typographical
Union arc at No. 19 North Desplalnea street.
RELIEF AND AID SOCIETY.
Hie Directors of the Chicago Relief and Aid
Society are requested to meet the Mayor and
Connell on this (.Thursday) morning, at 10 o’clock,
at the Relief Headquarters, comer of Ann and
West Washington street.
HENRY W. KINO, President.
O. C. GIBBS, Secretary.
TO THE NORTH SIDE SUFFERERS.
Businels men and property owners of the North
Bide will meet at corner North Clark and Klnzlo
streets to-morrow, Thursday, October 12, at 10 a.
m., for organisation and adoption of necessary
measures to rebuild, appoint committees, Ac.
Wn.B. Ogden, H. D. Stevens,
Wm. A. Ewing, C. Mean Co.,
M. B. Ewing, Mean, Bates Co.,
C. H. McCormick, and many others.
W. C. Dow,
RELIEF MATTERS.
1. All supplies of provlalona will be received and
distributed by the Special Relief Committee, o(
which O. E. Moore 1b Chairman and C. G. Botch'
Idea U Secretary. Headquarter* of Committee on
Ann and West Washington atreete.
2. All contrlbntlooa of money will be delivered
to the City Treasurer, David A. Gage, who will -re*
celptand keep the aame ha 4 Special Relief Fund.
3. All taoceyi deposited at other places for the
relief of the city will be drawn for only by the
Mayor of this city.
4. No money# will be paid oat of the Special Re
lief fond except upon the order of the Auditing
Committee.
George Taylor, City Comptroller, Mancell Tst'
cott. Esq., of the West Division, and Brock Me'
Yicker, of the South Division, are hereby appoint
ed such Auditing Committee.
8. Railroad passes from the city will be Issued
under direction of tbe Relief Committee, corner of
Ann and West Washington streets, until further
orders.
Given under my band this nth day of October
R.B. MASON, Mayor.
LOCATION OF CITY OFFICES.
From and after the IStbday of October, 1871, the
Mayor’s Office, City Comptroller’s, City Treas
urer's, and other City Offices will be at tho corner
ofHnbbard Court and Wabash avenue.
The Department of the Board cf Public Works
and the other Departments of-lhc City Government
will be located In the Immediate vicinity of the
other City Offices.
Given under my hand this 11th day of October,
1871.
R. B. MASON, Mayer.
Attest: C. T. HOTCHKISS. City Clerk.
THE SICK AND INJURED.
Board of Health, Chicago,
October 11,1871.
Arrangements have been made for tbe reception
of sick and injured at Eighth Presbyterian rihnrch,
corner Washington and Robey streets; Park
Avenno Methodist Cbarcb, comer Park avenue
and Robey street; American Reformed Church,
comer Ann and West Washington street; St.
John's Church, Union Park; and Mercy Hospital,
comer Calomel avenue and Twenty-sixth street.
By order of the Board,
J. W. RUSSELL, Secretary.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
The office of the Board of Education ha* been
established at No. 271 West Kandolph street, be*
tween Sangamon and Morgan streets. A rneellug
of the board was held last evening, at which the
'followiogrcsolation was adopted:
Jittolvtd, That the public schools be closed tem
porarily in order to furnish accommodations for
the homeless, and that they be reopened as soon
as practicable, and that such teachers as are
most destitute nave tne preference wnen em
ployment shall be given to teacher* as needed.
A meeting ot the teachers was also called for
Thursday afternoon, at 3 p. m.. at the Skinner
School, comer ot Jackson and Aberdeen streets,
in order to lay before them the present condition
of affairs relating to the schools.
A fait attendance of the members of the board
Ist Uo requested at tbla meeting.
S. JOHNSTON, Clerk.
THE MTSSTJVG.
SOUTH SIDE.
The following is a list of missing people, and the
place where they can find their friends. The Hat
includes all who were registered at (be office,
comer of Twelfth and State street*, np to 6 o'clock
last evening, when It was closed for the night:
Henry Keane, lawyer. No. IJB Superior street;
5 feet 6 Inches: dark hair; chin whlekenand
iroanache; black clothes; ICS Twenty-ninth
street.
W. C. Kenyon. 13 years of age; SOS Lake street.
Qeo.Maxted; 24 years; 49 Hubbard street.
S.W.McAvoy; Wyears; 539Wahash aveuna.
,Wm. Fitzpatrick; 4 years of age.
Mrs. Carey is at 34 Merrick avenue.
Mrs. Matilda Brown is lost; she can find her
daughter at 13-2 Walnut street.
Ed. Wyer; 57 years; HOHubbard Court.
John Harford; 2 years old; pltld dress; gray
coat; light hair; brown eyes; ts at Church, Wa
bash avenue and Eldridge.
Mrs. Bush is at 40 Arnold street; she baa lost
her baby.
Mrs. K- J. Rodofer; send to Michigan Avenue
Hotel.
FetorOracc lost wife and children; cbnrcb. Car
pooler and Washington.
W H. Klmwell wants bis wife; 241 North Peoria
street.
P. F. Grifflin; send to E. W. Griffin, Evamton.
C. P. Beam; 419 Sonth Morgan street.
George Peacock: 5U5 Wentworth avenne.
James Wayne: 505 Wentworth avenue.
C. W. Crary; 232 Milwaukee avenue.
Mlllc Covtlgan and John Costlgan are at Mr. Me-
Crona’s. Evanston.
Mrs. Fllckles and two children and servant; cor
ner of Thirty-first and Cslnmet avenue.
Miss Mary Fnlham; Mr. Dennis, Union Stock
Yards.
Mr*. Fcrnow; Brown's stable, Madison street
near Union Park.
Fred H. Fahnestock; J. C. Fahnestock. Gales
burg. 111.
August A. Fay; 403 West Indian*.
Hr*. A. Gorman and boy; Bedford Honse.
Adrian. Mich.
Jules Gelser lost wife and child, father and moth
er-in-law; 594 State street.
Joseph Hayes; Michigan Avenno Hotel.
Anna Holden, 4 years old, la at 171 Third avenne.
Miss C. O. Jones. Ur. Hendricks, State, be.
tween Twentieth and Twenty-first streets.
W. H. Lnm. ISrearr of age, Cotlace Grove Hotel,
Alice McGar. Wabash Avenne Church.
Rosanna McCormick. Hontly Station. 111.
Honors McMahon, 10 years old. 100 Jefferson st
John B. Muller, 52 Harmon court.
Mrs. K. H. Mllltkcn, Miss A. A. Mllllkea. and
Anna MMllken, Inquired for by father who Is in the
city.
Miss Georgians Shumley. 508 State street.
Mrs. Phi)lips and two children, S96tf Fourth *f.
F. Rocbmbcld, 586 State street.
A. de Stoppetlre lost wife and three girls, 306
Michigan avenue.
Samuel Share roes. 1514 Dcnyuster street.
Mrs. Tenney lost little drl. Katie, 0 years old,
Harrison House, comer ofHarrison and Griswold.
Elizabeth B. Thomas and girl, 8 yean old, 529
Wabash avenne.
T. H. Williams and mother; Jits. Joggan, corner
Thirty-first and Cottage Grove avenne.
Mrs. Wright and child, 1174 State street.
Mr. WohLSCS Stale street.
Sam’l Abbey and family, 333 South PaOc avenne.
■Milessa Bams, Inquired for by Peter Welch.
f|Mrs. Baker, Catharine Riley, Cottage Grove are
na*.
Edward Burks. Daniel Keller, Bound Douse.
Mr*. Dudley Burke and children. 864 Prairie art
A. B. Case and family, 524 Wabash arenuc.
Mrs. Jolla O’Connor. 811 Sooth Clark street.
J. E. Donovan. 146 Western avenue.
Elizabeth Doyle. Mrs. Garry's. Damon street.
Mr*. Edwards, who lived at No. SSB North Stats
street. Is et the northeast corner of Famine and
Second streets.
Michael Fergen and wife. Cottage Grove Hotel.
Julia Gorman, 14 years old, us West Madleoa
Street.
John Gee. 144 Clinton street.
Samuel Qaaoga. William Gaax-«, St. I on's.
Jaa. Glass lost little boy. Artaur Qian: Mi Hub
bard street.
Mr*. D. Hanlon 1» at No. 336 West Indiana street.
John Hatton, Chicago University, 72 East Van
Bnrcn street.
Mr. Uecht, Mr. Marlow, comer Carpenter and
Chicago aventic.
Jane Hall, 537 State street.
Mary Hunator ie with Phillip Sholtoy, who Uvea
In the country.
Morris Hartley, B. Sheridan, Monee, HI.
Thoa. Johnson and wife, 298 Fourth avenue.
Frank Jones, 4DBStatc street.
Timothy Kelley, wifeand two children, 397 Bcs
plainea street.
Anna Kimball, Mr. Vlbcrt. Kenosha, Wit.
Charles Moore. CIS Wabash arcane,
John McKnecky. 375 East Park avenne.
Mrs. K. Miller, Geo. W;Miller. Addison, 111.
Mrs. Catharine Morphy, church,Wabash avenoa,
near Twelfth street.
Mrs. Mitchell has lost her husband. She is at
the Polling Mill Primary School House.
Policeman Charles Nolan, Catharine Riley, Cot
tage Grove avenne.
Michael O'Manney, -Patrick Kelly, on prairie.
West Side.
A boy 3 years old, well dressed, is at No. 190
Blue Island avenne.
Kate Walsh; J. B. Walsh, comer Peoria and
Pnlton.
A colored girl. agodSft years, is at the Homo of
the Friendless.
Mr. Saunders, clerk for General Hardy, wishes
hi* mother to call at 420 Wabash arcane.
Henry O’Hollen, aged 4 years, and a little girl, 3
years old, are at the Home of the Friendless.
Mrs. Robert Malcolm will find a telegraph des
patch at this office, 15 Canal street.
Hannah OTlaian; 335 Cottage Grove avenue.
Job. Prescott and four children; 595 Wentworth
avenue.
Wm. Petes, wife and child; 976 West Polk
street.
Geo. Peacock; 595 Wentworth avenue.
Rudolph Roth, 4 years; 441 Clinton street.
Robert Ryder; Mr. Patterson. Milwaukee.
Mrs. Sanders; 8. E. Powers, St. Charles, 111.
AI. Smart; Geo. Ticbnor, corner Hubbard and
Green.
Mrs. Sclden and Tbos. Surry; 413 Michigan
avenue.
Catharine Tnlley, Ellen Talley, Catharine Tolley
(child): 635 State.
Hrs.Tiaany; John Tlnany, New York city.
Lambert Tree; Gen. Stockton. Lake View.
J. Wayne 595 Wentworth avenne.
Louisa Williams and two children and Harry
Williams.
Frank Wlckcrt; 306 West Lake.
Hr. Walley; Chas. Miller, Western Hotel, Spring
field. 111.
Catharine Werick Is at tbo Episcopal church cor
ner Clark and Washington.
WEST SIDE.
Tbe following persona have been reported by
relatives or friends as missing. Tbo street and
number given is tbe address st which they are de
sired to report, if alive, or where Information con
cerning them is desired t
Mr. Ambra. Inform or report to '441 Second
street.
Hr*. Barnes, S. Roberts Co., Kalb Centre.
111.
Miss M. E. Bennett. W. F. Bennett, Clinton,
Wla.
Joseph Beal and wife. 38 Birch street.
Cbas. E. Booth, O. E. Sbnmwsy, Clinton
Junction, Wls.
P. Buchanan, First Congregational Church,
Lizzie Borns. The*. Borns. Aurora,
K. C. Boesford. 609 W- Washington.
Matilda Brown. 133 Walnut.
Mr. Bruner, Wells School.
.John Casey, a Margaret street.
Peter Cochran, wife, and two children, 198
May.
Osborn Coleman. 106 Lake street.
Mary Coll, 419 West Taylor street.
Ann Congetbcl, 479 Canal street
Nora Conness and mother. J. B. D. Roberts, 199
Liberty street, Cincinnati, O.
John Costello. 64 Costello street.
Ctus. Leave and wife, 39! Fallon street.
Ur. Lunegan. 14 Willard place.
Valentino Fablen, wife and two children.
F. Blake, Lake Station. Ind.
Kittle Fanner. 14 Fourth street
Mrs. Feraow, 639 West Madison street.
Ida Fredericks and mother. fiO West Lake street.
Mr. and Mn. Finch and son, 418 West Van Bo
ren street.
R. Frltsch. Evening Journal, 13 Canal street
Bora and James Fitzgerald. 138 Sophia street.
Frlesteln family. J. Friedman, Michigan ave
nue, near Twentieth street.
Mary and Margaret Fuller, 131 Green street.
Annie Gllloo, corner Erie and Milwaukee ave
nue.
Margie Oltling, First Congregational Church.
J. 6. and Arthur Glass, 315 Hnbbsrd street.
E. and A. Glocke. C. J. Richardson, at O. 13,
Allen's, corner Milwaukee and North avenues.
Mr. and Mrs. Oonnly,4lß West Van Boren street.
Mary Grimes, 536 West Taylor street.
Mr. ’C. A. Harris, wife and twocbildren, 33 Bowen
street, corner Renton.
Mary Hayes, First Congregational Church.
Mrs. Qsymer, corner Chlcagoaroane and Morgan
street.
W. and Jar. Serdgllu.and a woman, 719 Rub*
bard street.
Martin Hertols, Southwest corner Union and
Indiana streets.
Mrs. A. Itewcß and 4 children, at Congrega
tional Church.
A. F. Hewitt, 1379 Mlchlcan avenue.
Mrs. Lucinda Hillard, 07 Madison.
Augustus Hollsbaclc, Second. Baptist Church.
Tho». Jackson, at Congregational Church.
Charles Judd, s9l Fulton street.
Willie C.' Kenyon, 806 West Lake.
Mrs. Blemish, Taylor street, near Canal.
Cornelius Komman and child, corner Milwaukee
avenneand Erie street,
Margaret Loflran, 836 West Taylor.
Mrs. A. LaEay and fire children. SO] Carpenter.
Elizabeth and Mathias XAngo, corner Milwaukee
avenue and Krie street.
Eliza Xiemonq and three children, First Congre
gational Cburen.
Peter Ltnwood, school bouse, corner Morgan and
Erie.
David B. Lothian. 197 North May.
Oliver McCormick First Congregational Church-
Mattie and Mary McFeo, First Congregational
Church.
Mary M&hl. 183 Ewing struct.
May. Mary J„ and Clara Manley, 39 West Madi
son.
Mrs. L. W. Mitchcl and three children, 14 Union
street.
Mrs. E. C. Mitcbel and four children, 594 Noble
street.
Jacob and Amanda Beer, First Congregational
Church.
Margaret Pbias, corner Larrabce and North av
nue.
Wm. H. Phillips, child. First Congregations)
Chnrch.
Ona Pierson. 363 West Jackson.
Ladas Reed and wife. 418 West Van Bores.
Archie Richardson, wlfo and child, 391 West Fnl
ton street.
Wm. B. Riley, at Congregational Chnrch.
Annie and Jane Roberta, Sam. Roberts, DoKalb
Centre. IU.
Rudolph Roth, 169 Mitchell street.
Mr. Shnekeltoo, Bam Roberta, DeEalb Centre,
111.
Lizzie Shorter, comer Centre avenoe and Adam*.
street. t
James Smith and wife, 891 Foltoo sheet.
Adolphus Stappollere, Park avenue M. E. Church.
Busan Stewart, 69 Washington street.
Louln. Handle. Bella, and Ire Taylor, 0. H.
Allen, corner North and Milwaukee avenues.
James Terry. First Congregational Church-
Adolph, and Josephine Urich, 157 North Halsted
Ireet
Clara Von Stnttar, 111 West Erie street.
Elide Walsh, corner Peoria and Pulton streets.
Mary Walsh, comer Sangamon and Washington
streets.
Mrs. Welgle. Onstavo and George. First Con
gregational Church.
C. 0. Wells and wife. H. L. Loomis, 135 South
Green.
George P. Wheeler, Bollinger place.
Thomas H. White, comer Twelfth and Balated
streets.
William Willard. Norwegian Church.
Henry William*. 88 Van Boren street.
U. D. Wolcott, Woman's Borne, West Jackson.
The wife and child of the Rer. W. A. Jones are
mining.
Mrs. H.R. Hitt can be found at the American
Reformed Church, corner of West Washington and
Ann streets.
The scattered. members of the Fourth Presby
terian Church ate requested to send notice as to
where they arc to David Swing, No. 725- Michigan
avenue.
THE CATHEDRAL CHURCH, CORNER OP
WASHINGTON AND PEORIA.
Mrs. Amll Barnes and child. 46 Pearson street.
Jufan Becker, wife, and children, 13 South Hal-
Mrs. Nellie Brown and children, 229North8lato
street.
Francis Capas, 85 Indiana street.
Henry Cheney. North Water street.
William Clarke. 65 Oakwood street.
Mrs. Bridget Clifford and C children, £6 West
White street
Mrs. B. A. Crawford and boy, 271 Superior street
Charles Fisher. Malteson House.
Bartholomew Flatch, wife, and 2 children, 249
South Market street
Arail Glockc. 46 Pcarsoo street.--
Charles aud Oscar Gustos. Outaiiostrcet.
Albert Holser. 162 North C)ark street
Mn». Mary Hickey, 23f. Oak street.
John Hughes, schooner Allamrick.
A: Johnson. 107 North Clarkstreet
Thomas Jordan. 44 Erie street
Thomas Kenny. 66 Ohio street
Henry Kevin, San Joce, Cal., Fifth avenne.
Adolphus Klniklnapor.
Peter Kennell and wife. IXB Clybourno avenue.
Fred. W. Lewis, 587Sedgwick atreet.
John McKenzie, Bethel Hail.
Wm. McPhee, Borne. N. Y.
Robert Mason. North Watcrsireet
Ammi Meyor, 75 Clybourno avenoe.
John Miller, 430 North Clark street
James Muir, Bethel House.
M. O'Brien. 207 Indiana street
Lizzie and Matilda O'Neil. 63 6t Clair street
■John Platteer and two children, 78 Oakwood
John Ploncr, wife, and two children, 19 Goethe
street.
Thomas Puringlon, Bethel House.
Thoms* Reed and wife, 315 Erie street.
Sarah Seery,3l4 North State street.
Isaac Segar, 15 Van Boren atreet
Mrs. Sellars, daughter, and baby, 46 Pearson
street
Thomas Shea, 39 Hinsdale street.
Anna Sndcnscbwere, 239 Kush street. _
Adelaide fiummerbayes, 6 children, ijl. Oak
wood atreet. Thomas Swelling and wife, 78 Oak
wood street
Philip, John,' Matilda Tennis and mother, 55
West Jackson street
Cstbarina Wevlnk, 123 Townsend atreef
CENTENARY H. E. "CHURCH,' WEST MON
ROE STREET, NEAR MORGAN.
A little girl, cannot apeak her name, at Dcs*
plalnes Hotel, 139,131, and 133 West Lake street
Mrs. Aken and two children. Inform at 175 West
Washington street.
Mrs. Brown and four children. Inform at Cen
tenary Church..
Mr. Carlston. Inform at 188 West Madison
Street.
Hn! Ami Dekoey’e ado. Inform at Centenary
Church.
Katie Bering, 8 years. Inform mother at Skin
ner School. t
John Doffoy. Inform John Barry, Cathedral
Char-’
L. Franklin and four children. Inform
fttSSWIUon •trect.
A. N. Hoot wlft, ird child.' Infenaat Jeffe:*
•oa Park Presbyter.an birch. _
Bnihand of Augusta BaUeabacfc. Sta U ftlC-’B-
Unary Church.
Louis B. Harrington, wife, and chlldrcu.
at IPS West Washington street.
Wm. Hennioghause and family. Ink: r.i
tennary Church.
Henry Jackson. 20 years. His parents are at
Cenlennary Church.
Henry and Fred. Katlin. Inform mother at Jef
ferson Pork Presbyterian Church.
B. A. Lakey. Inform at 301 Carpenter street, or
506 Milwaukee avenne.
Richard. Joseph, Peter, and two other children
of Peter and Mary Lyman. 'lnform at Centenary
Church.
There sc McMelter, 4 years, with Margaret Far
rell. Inform «t 316 WoM Lake street.
Bsrah Mc!u-. Infcr>u Thomas Ma'ey, at Union
Hoot", C .n*f rin-i.l. corner <-f Madison street.
Joh:i Martin. Inform at Cont-'m.ry Church.
Loci*. Hiller, inform H. il. Baufortb, at Cen
tenary (’hiirch.
Mrs, Mlchar! Mnipby and two children. Inform
at Centenary rhnrc’i.
Mrs. Fred Ne*>hcrand two.children. Inform at
Cen tenon- Church,
Aiiitte Nilwic.- Inform at, Jeutnun Park Prcsby
teriau Church.
Thomas o*Bti *n, cb’M. M’/iber f.t Mrs. Knoc's,
above Lincoln Put-, r»pp Hotel.
Kettle Olson, Iniurin Xri. Mo'jdv.acTcnth Prcs
byterian Church.
Charlie Patterson. Inform at Jehcrtou Park
Presbyterian Church.
Oier Pierson and Wife. Send them to 363 West
Jackson street.
Wm. H. Kelly. Inform at 10 Sheffield avenue.
Mrs. S. Ryan and six children. Send them to
150 North lialsted street.
Henry Schneider, baby, in blue Poland waist,
red skirt; has white hair. Inform Tbos. Henalng
hauasr, at Centenary Church.
Otto Scbober, 6 years, is fonndat33sWest Wash
ington street
Thomas White, 5 years, son of Mrs. Bella White.
Send him to James Consadlne, corner of Halsted
and Twelfth streets.
Mrs. Reinwald Is in pursuit of her mother, 79
years old, name Ori, send to 11 Qnrley street was
at 344 Rush street.
J. W. Wikes Is at 887 We-i take.
Mrs.Robinson. Isa* ji»7"*hroop.
Oscar Mttcbeli, vri!j flnl four children and his
sister at 378 West It-k ■-•n.
A little hoy, 4 y-;:.» old light hair, gray cloak,
lined fed. niiue I-c, k 12 1 West Adams street.
Liaxlc, M. gs'i--. sn.i M; 1 nl Nichols, eldest 7
years old. wMi Auaio Doh sre at2o» Aberdeen,
also Katie Caen
Tommy and- M -ry B irk. and syears. Inquired
for by Manrittil Lurk, r part to Centenary Church.
Found. b**d and ri„.ln-s, a ICB Foster street,
between BarrlMia ami t cik. fumes Snlllvsn.
Wm. H-Clay Imt.hi- t-lfo and three children,
Indiana sire-t hil.j.o. c.u i. fc itt Milwaukee.
Mrs. Bushuell cm I»j found at Wells Street
School.
Mrs. Marten w.ll please return to Mrs. Elkin's,
Lincoln avenue.
Mr*. Cavernous and three children; inquire of
Mr. Roger*. 90 Wilcox avenue.
George E. Pusterand and Mr.and Un. Briggs;
send information to Centenary Church.
Nora Conners can find B. D. Roberts at 199 Lib
erty street, Cincinnati.
George Peirson inquires for his father and moth
er ai Centenary Church.
Mathillde Brown 133 Walnut street.
Wm. Welgha's family Is at 136 Morgan street.
Jane Fallon Inquired for by her son; send to
Centenary Church.
Mrs. Beskinas; 79 Morgan street.
Mrs. B. A. Wadbatns; 463 West Madison street.
ADDITIONAL LIST
ofmlMiug regUteredfat headquarters of City Re
lief Committee, In First Congregational Church,
corner of sod Washington streets, to which
Information should be sent sbary, when no other
place is designated.
Maryßcsublen.
Mr. and Mrs. Briggs. Inform at 450 West Wash.
Ington street,
Matilda Brown. Inform at 133 Walnut street.
Sophie W. Barll-ou. Inform at 31 Cook street,
near Northwestern depot.
Charles, Prod, and Henry Catlln. Inform at
Epiphany Church, Jefferson Park.
John, Bavld, and Rosa Celia, 1006 State street.
Bridget Cootey.
John, Ann, Maggie, Bridget, and Johnnie Bee
bean.
Mrs. Philip Erbe and 4 children. Hnaband at
Nottingham's packing house. Carroll street.
Bridget Grace and 3 children. lufenn at corner
of Carpenter and Washington streets.
Jennie Haynes. Send to 90S Wabash avenue.
John Heshley. Send to 331 Jeflbrson street.
Clara Hooker. Send to Seventh Presbyterian
Church.
Mr. and Mr*. Bosford. Send to 659 West, Wash
ington street.
Mn. lonia. Send to 334 West Washington street.
Mrs. Agnes Jacobs. Send to 680 West Washing
ton street.
-James JlUsoa. Send to 430 West Washington
street.
Gustav and Charles Kawell. Send to Epiphany
Church.
Mane Kontgibel. Inform 496 Cun*] street,
Ellen McDonald. Send to 369 West MtdUon
street.
Mrs. Joanna McQntde, Pint Congregational
Church.
Maryand MartiiaMcTeoc. BTCarmll-at.
Jessie Mantel. 3 years. I*3 Lincoln sue-:.
Charles Maniber, corner Batstcd and Twelfth
streets.
Mrs. Martin. Send to Mr. Elkcn, Llneoln-arr
Fred Metreel, 3ißPourth**i. r
Junes Miller, First Congregation*! Chntch.
Otto Meltxor, inform at American Reformed
Church.
Mr.Mnehler, 080 Indlana-st
Herman Jiltiscbo, .Epiphany Church.
Clan Oblson. Seventh Presbyterian Church.
Hn. Colonel Harry Pease. 7U3 Wabash avenue.
Wm. Petarxtn. 7! Part avenue.
Mrs. Puiilit". Hi.ui J^ecph.
Mrs. Maryfccgurh-j.uaurt children, send to O.
Benson's c>>r'.jg.;. in Lincoln fata.
Ellen fcellen. nd toFWr
Jane Pli*y ortthin. vi.ct CortrreHtion.il Church.
Ml«s An ;C StuUti. fy Henry S..u:h, St. Caro
line’s COUlt.
U. Sun 17 \Ve“l Washington street.
Abrumm tf and family; Inform Dr. Bo»-
ii’e. Id.
Katie Tcmiev. 1* an Iron Ilo.cc, PadSc avenue.
Theodore and CiUnr. Carpenter School*
house.
.-Mrs. B.A. Wadhajn*.
4C3 West Madison street.
Mrs. .A. M. Wagner and children, 7*2 South
Canal or 174 Jtando.pb street.
Mrs. Wiley, send loBS 7 Kioxlc street.
Sophia Weincbrifte. 313 West Washington.
£anrWelcb. Methodist Church, Ada street.
Ur. Wilcox, lawyer. Hinsdale. 111.
Mary Williams and two chLdroo, 123 Twelfth
street-
Johnnie Wlopcn. John Ray. 383 Hubbard street.
Jane Wolf, first Congregational Church.
Mrs. Bobert Malcolm, Robert Malcolm. Jr., or
James Doyle, will find O. S. Burdick at 188 North
Rucker street.
Send to A. S. Wadhaas.
COMMERCIAL.
Wednesday Evening, Oct. 11..
Businesslsftrfrombeing paralyzed by the late
Arc, though there Is necessarily a'temporary ces
aatloo,Ull ibo people kn v shit they can do. Bus
iness la very t»**ie mi th people are already
moving, and beJ iro mail? da there will be a re
tom to commoicUi r.c;n*ty, hoogh it cannot be
expected Ibrl wr •hall i .iffic'.btely return to'the
old order of tilings, an ;-.*g,iiJ* the magnitude of
oor transaction*.,
The Director! of the C*rab -r of Commerce Ar-
Bociatiou held a njjcilng t> dry. and decided to re*
build Immediately cu the old site. D. A. Jones.
George C. Walker, mid J. L. Hancock were ap‘
pointed a committee to attend to the matter, with
fell power to act There was. an insurance of $225,-
000 on the building, of which about SIOO,OOO will
probably be obtained from the Insurance compa
nlca.
The preaent Board of Trade Rooms, on South
Canal street, between Washington and Madison,
were crowded to-day from an early to a late hour.
No commercial business was transacted, the mem
bers being chiefly engaged In organizing for the
r ?lief of the sufferers, by furnishing food, where
required, frpm the stores so liberally contributed
from other cities, and in answering questions on the
thonsandaud one topics brought op for discussion.
-The great business topic was the settlement eg
produce contracts remaining' unsettled on Bator
day last. The majority of' the board seem to be In
faTorofwlplng out everything outstanding then
and commcndnganew. This proposal Is opposed
however,by so large a minority that the discussion
at the meeting to be held on Satarday-aftemoon
next promises to be a very protracted and exciting
one. Till that point is settled very little trading
will be'done, other than a little betting on the
future of prices.
A little grain is coming In. and more wonld be
received were It not that the railroad facilities are
largely taxed in the work of carrying out parties
wbo wish to leave the city, and in brlnglngln the
contributions, of supplies from other cities.
There is :a little more' being' done
In moving' grain ...out, the
block in the river interferes aadly.with the move
ment of vessels, audit is difficult.to_obtain advan
ces on shipments in the absence of insurance*
Nevertheless, four cargoes were loaded yesterday
—the Coleredge, at the City Elevator, to take out
18.000 bu No. 3 spring wheat, and 9,000 bn oats;
the Oaklcaf.attbe Northwestern, to carry but IS,*
000 bu No. 9 spring; the Reindeer, from the North*
Western, to carry out 20,00) bu No. 1 spring; and.
the Nims, at Armour, Dole ACo 0., to taki-
33.000 bn wheat. A cargo of oats was ottered, her
was not taken for want of insurance' on the vei-^ci.
The advices from' European markets.lndicate an.
easierfeetiog In grain. A private telegram from
Liverpool says that the weather Is. fine'
and the feeling favorable to a de
cline !q prices. New York was quoted
yesterday as follows: Flour steady: wheat firm at
$1.58 to $1.60; com in good demand at79aßlc;
oats quiet, 33a55c; whiskey, 95c; pork quiet
$18.694113.75; iarf* quiet;
was quo.et at st.sG,la New York.
The ccl/comm* rcinl *(U-j reported Ic-dsywjuof
50brls
ordersli-re f*rmo;cat too samj pr!c*,a»d the
corres'j will arrive here to-morrow .tOrj ay for if
with.
Produce, o h’r h.-n gap and provisions, Is firm.
We note that ln’ldciv of «r. om corn reins j to come
a price,-and the same .a <rne of several ojur ar
ticles, ofwhich the a;ocks arc diminished .by the
late fire.
The fallowingJs the Grain Befiktnr’d offlctel re*,
port of Ihannonnt of grain burnt, In btuhela:
CENTRAL ELEVATOR “A.”
Wheat. '.V..... 174.0%
Corn ...,176590
0i15... ?86%
J Barley 69,651
Total 519,660
MUNGnt ARMOUR'S ELEVATOR.
Com 1 134,051
Rye 71,919
Barley 189.700
Total 395,673
HIRAM WHEELER'S ELEVATOR.
Wheat 133,309
Oats 91,233
Total 257.547
GALENA ELEVATOR.
Wheat 311,603
NATIONAL ELEVATOR.
Wheat 10.000
Corn 63,073
Out 47,443
Uar!^y..'.V....'...V.'.V.'.'.....*...' 821
T-tsl..; 150.090
Grand total, 1,634,705 bushels, valued at f1,235,*
914.
The commission men are rapidly gathering round
the new location of the Board of Trade, and eome
of the more enterprising already announce In our
advertising columns of this morning that they are
now prepared to make advances, and proceed anew
to the transaction of a general commission busi
ness.
The wholesale dealers are also moving. Hale A
Ayer; Hall, Klmbark Co., and Horse, Loomis
Co. have already obtained permission to occupy
295 feet In front of Bcsrbom Park, and will com
mencc to build immediately. Field, Letter £Co J
Bowen, Hunt Winslow, and one or two others’
also applied to the Boardbf Public Works to-day
for tbo required permission to build.
LIVE STOCK.
Since onr last report the receipts have been 3,760
cattle; 4,500 bogs; 650 sheep; and shipments 1,300
cattle; and 5,000 hogs. Owing to the absence of
bank accommodations, comparatively little. busi
ness is being transacted in the lire stock market,
the bulk of the arrivals of the past font days hav
ing been reloaded and forwarded East on owners'
account. Those shippers and city batchers known
to be responsible are being supplied with stock
oh thfclr" promise to pay.” There appears to be
no foundation for fears of a scarcity of meat, as tbe
daily arrivals at the stock yards promise to prove
more than ample to meet the consumptive demands
of the city. We are informed that Superintendent
J. B. Sherman baa notified General Sheridan that
should tbe necessity arise, tbe 'yards will be
thrown open and whatever stock they may contain
turned over to the city.. Values are, of course,
much unsettled and most continue so for the pres
ent; or until the banks have partially "righted
up." Tbe little stock sold changed hands at
prices not varying materially from those current
last week. We quote good to choice beeves at
siiO®s.SS; common to medium do at $3-£o£p4.oo,
and Inferior thin Jots at Hogs are
selling at a range of S4XO@4 AO for common coarse
beery and light mixed lots to choice even droves.
.Sheep may be quoted_at^|3.oo@4.7s—according to
quality.
THE FIRES IN THE WIS
CONSIN WOODS.
Peshtlgo Entirely Burned and' Sixty
or Seventy lives lost.
immense Destruction of Property—
Other Places in Danger.
[Special Dispatch to tbe Milwaukee Sentinel.]
Pood da lac, Wls.% Oct 9.—The great Area are
spreading. AU day yeitcrdaj poople were fighting
’''•'noa two mile* sooth and of this city. Is
w.* *_wns of Eldorado and Friendship much data
ig-a boa been done. It la feared it will reach tbe
great marshes' fa the tows of lAstartine. News
from Calomel county creates much anxiety. Many
residences an destroyed. Hay on the marshes has
been destroyed by hundreds of tons. Then (a a
report that Potter's Mills. In the town of Rantsal,
hate'been destroyed. This was quite a tillage,
hating oter two hnndred .people, two mills and
seteral stares. Up to noon yesterday, Chilton,
Oravesville and Clayton bad escaped.. It waa.near
ing the tillage of Bt. Cloud. People hare been out
lighting the fire for two days. An immense fire It
butuicg between Bt, Cloud and the town of Russell,'
in Sheboygan roomy. la the town of Porest.in
•Lis cocn*-, much damage baa been done, and tbe
.Ireljsilil rncactkud. There Is no controlling it
while the trloo is blowing so hard. At setea tbla
evening a rain set 10, which will do much to re'
Ikto the anxiety of all. P.
Neenah, Wla., October 6.—A large fin between,
Appleton and Henaaba, about two'miles from Me-
nasha, baa destroyed a great deal of Umber and
fences. About fire hundred acres bare been
burned over.
The following iafoom a private dispatch:'
Port Howard, October 9.—Passengers •by the
Eacanaba steamer report the Tillage of Peshtlgo
entirely burned, together with some sixty or
seventy people. The scenes described are
awfol. Those who were saved rnabed
into the river np to their necks, and dashed water
over Um!t beads. Loss. SIOO.OOO. Among those
reported homed are J. E. Beebe, bookkeeper, wife'
and two children; W. T. Thompson, clerk, wife
and mother. W. A. Ellis, general manage t. la re
ported injured. The wind la blowing a fearful
omado. Every house hot one was homed. At
he mootb of the Menomonee' river the extensive
mills are homed of Spaulding.- Hooghlatiae A
Johnson's and Spafford A Q. Elmore's., Largo loss
of life is reported at Negannee. The line has gone
back on oanow.
From eighty to one hundred are said to burned.
Also, numbers of persona are believed to have been
burned in the adjacent wood. At Birch Creek
eight miles north of Menomonee, on the Siatt.
road, thirteen persons are reported burned. G-eat
lean are felt for the fate ofPensankee; Snxmito.
and other lumbering towns on the bay shore. The
wildest rumors are afloat to-night.
A light rain. Just commenced, is falling tbit after
noon, and hopes are entertained that it will in
crease through the night. Green Bay Is not con
aidered in danger to-night. The fire departmer t
are on duty. The buildings are being-kept wet
The Oihkosh Northwestern, k ot Monday., gives
the following information regarding the Sunday
fires in that city:
“About throe o'clock ortSunday rooming flrv
was discovered in one of the warehouses connected
with tbe-sath, door and blind'factory of B. B. Rob
erta A Co, Notwithstanding the efforts of the fire-,
men and the steamers,theflrecontinned-tb spread.
Two warehouses and four tenement houses owned
hy Messrs. Roberta A Co. were wrapped In flames
ind soon destroyed. The fire spread across war
ren ttnr-C, homing the residence of William Love
land and two barns owned by J. R. Benedict and C.
O'Dell.
The Food da Lac Dally, of Monday, has the fol
lowing dispatches;
Jefferson, October 9.—The town has hi on ham
log for some boars. People are moving out fatt
as they can. The flames are spreading Tiko cbiff
before the wind. Nearly ail of the business part of
the city baa been burned.’ Several thousand cords
of wood belonging to the nUlroad’haabeen burned.
No lives loat so for.-*
"Grsek Bat, October. 9.—Lamb's extensive
•ivr alii, together with. store,. suiroandinf
booses. log* and many dwellings, barns, hay and
grain slacks, thirteen mile* nortKJßpthe_ city;
burned last night. Fire* are burning over the
countrya second time. People ofGroca Bay are
flocking to the country to as*Ut the fanm'ri 1
LATER.
.UaiojtXT, Oconto Oct. 10.
Mayor of Milwaukee:
A horrible calamity baa befallen
owdi on Green Bay. Peshtigo Tillage, mills and
uv* sugar both .settlement' wefe'eallrely swept
.-.•.vawon Snndtj night and yesterday morning!-
From one to three hundred, lives were loat and
odlcßl>adly bhrncd. WholefanriHespcrisbed,and
i scores are lying around dead, writing to the bor
rifled Bring ones to bury them. Medical aid mast
bo sent at once to save the people who are des
titute.
(Signed)' IsaacSrnnnwi.
Gxtszx Bar, Wit., October io, 1971.
H. Lodingtoni Mayor of Milwaukee:
Menomonee is pnt rt ■'anger. Bpafford A GO
more’s mill is 'the only bolldlag btrned. A
heavy rain lut eight saved the place. Most of
Minckaane tm boned. Peabtlgo is all borsed.'
I together, with sixty or serenty persons. The
bslat.ee saved iheir lives bymahlng into-the river,
Bosctscx ißnorraan.
A TIOT£L OFPBBEBt
Ur. Towukend. of the Townsend Mouse, Ocono
mowoe, Wla M is In this eily, and desires all of his
patrons and their friends who are desixmu of com
ing to bis hotel to leave'letters at lie journal
office. He wishes them to nndentaod that this is
entirely grata!iocs, and that he wQI give them and
their families a home until-Ihey-eaa find-other
qcartjrs. He hopes'all bis friends will take ad
raatige of this kind (ffjr. so he may have a suffl
cintamjxlertewam&tbim in opening the betel.
69, GH
COAX.
Miner T. Ames
Go.,
I West Randolph-st.
COAL
A.T
OLD PRICES!
In One Ton Lots or
Less Only.
DESTITUTE CAN HAVE IT
WITHOUT MONEY.
PALACE CAR CO.
PULLMAN
GENERAL OFFICE,;
Comer EifjJiteenth-st.
and Prairie-mo,
DRUGGISTS.
HURIBUI EMI,
Wholesale Druggists,
WILL CONTINUE BUSINESS.
Office, 680_Michigan-av.
Orders seat to os will be filled about the 30th
last.
.All parties Indebted to os are requested to re-
Piltln cnrreacy. by express, or draft on New York.
BOOKS.
NOTICE.
•In tlie great fin which destroyed every business
boose la Chicago we loet oar entire stock. In ten
days we shall hare a full stock of School Booke,
Miscellaneous Books, Stationery, Blank Books,
Medicalßooki,<£c.. and will be again pre
pared lb 111 orders in oor new bnildlng, now being
erected at the corner o) Waahlngton-«f. and Dear*
born-place.
W. B. KEEN COOKE,
Office, 228 Michigan-ay.
STOVES,
swinnnif
Oni Warehouse, on the North Bier, where oir
stock of
STOVES
Waa stored, escaped destruction. Onr atock b
complete, and we can ship all orders as toon as th<
railroads are prepared to receive. Wa have se
-nred for an office and salesroom the third floor o
Noe, 30and Bißooth-Canal at n over Wm. Blair A
‘o., new hardware store.
JOHN F. RATHBONE CO.
INSTRUCTION.
Am CdDsemiory of Misil
ROBERT OOLDBECK, Director,
7 .7 Ha* opened at
Dearborn Seminary,
985 Wabash-av. f
Corner of Twenty-aecosd-aL
Pnplls and shareholders maj
continue* theix lessons at once.
AH Informailon siren by
L. 1-A RUE, Secretary.
jCNSURAKCE.
NOTICE.
Parties hoUUig FpUcies In the CONTINENTAL,
YO.SKKrtb.' ana iIAKtxET VvM
PAMIRS of New. York are rcqncstcd to presed
their CLAIMS, wWUhcif POLICIES, at the office
ofO.H.BAERKTTA CO., Agents, Masonic
Building. comer West Randolph and Balated'Sb
O. IT. BARRETT 8c CO.,
4gcm».
REMOVAL.
THE WESTERN NE WS COR
PAST Witt BE-ESTABLISB
THEIR BUSINESS BY THE
PRESENT WEEK AT 00
WEST RANDOLPH, CORSEB
OF JEFFJEB«Q2V.
BATLHOADS.
NOTICE.
The Illinois Central Railroad
Company’* offices are located at
No. sl<^HieHlran*av.
JOHN NEWELL,
Chicago, Oct. n, isrJL Sldenl
MILLINERY.
GAGE BROS.
&CD.,
WHOLESALE
Mlllllßl.
OFFICE FOB THE PRESENT AT
419 MICHIGAN-AV,
Will open ■with an entire
NEW STOCK at
961 Indiana-av.
About the 20th October.
Send Your Orders.
merchant tailor.
ELY,
Draper and Tailor,
Is still ALIVE and well,
and, with a CHOICE stock
of WOOLLENS, is at his
Parlors,
657 Wabasb-av.,
Between Thirteenth and
Fonrteenth-sts.. in readi
ness to serve his city and
country pa-rohs as usual.
Established in C hicago,
1854
EXPRESS,
THE
ADAMS EXPRESS
Company’* Office la at
55 West Washington-st,
Patrons will pleaae leave their addres?. that we
nay dellrcr their goods.
JNO. L. HOPKINS, Agent.
BOOTS AKD SHOES.
Doggett, Bassett Hills.
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash~av.,
Comer Harmoa-coart.
Have on the way a new
stone of
BOOTS SHOES,
And will soon he p’epared
o supply enstom^rs.
DRY GOODS.
DRYGOODS!
DRYGOODS!
Tlos.Pl!B]ps 80..
32 34 West Eandolph-st.,
COH\EB UXAt,
Sell all Goods at the old
egular prices.
No advantage taken of
the Calamity.
MACHINERY,
hicago Vise&Tooi Company,
MANUFACTURERS OP
SOLID BOX VISES,
IELLOWS, PICKS, CBOWB.iRS,
HAMMEBB, StEDGES, TOXGS,
MACHINISTS’ HLACKSMITIIS’,
MASONS’. RAILROAD TOOLS,
AC*, AC.
Haring escaped the terrible conflagration, we are
-dll prepared to manabeture all goods la oar line
vlth promptness and despatch.
All kinds of repairing n anvils, rises, machin
ery, ite., done to order..
OFFICE AND WORKS,
149.151 &.153
BUSINESS GARBS.
JHASE, MNfORD CO.,
•rannfitctorers and Refiners* Wholesale Agents for
he sale of Standard Illuminating and Lubricating
Jils, White Lead, Varnishes, Glass, Axle Grease,
,-*lne Tar, etc., 479 Caoal-et., near Twelfib-eU, Chl
eago.
Boomer JenUs
Uannfactnren and dealers in improved Hoi Air
r'omacaa. Registers, Ventilators. Cooking Ranges,
*toves. Hoase Famishing Goods, etc.. Fumsce
.‘lpea, Tin Roofing, and Guttering. i£hj State-st.,
Jhicago.
"SAIAS J. WARREN,
Real Estate Broker,
Has opened a new office at
418 Michigan-nr.
Cosiness copllnned without Interruption.
SIBLEY ENDICOTT,
WHOLESALE GROCERS
127 WEST TWELPin.ST.,
Comer Clinton.
W. H. FRANCIS,
KB AT, ESTATE AG-EET,
Temporary OEce—l2o West Randolpli-st.
San plygn Land Agenry.
HEEMBT QUI K,
law Ofllco
537 STATE>ST.
GEO. J. H. S. QUICK.
WnIGHT BEEBE
are all right and bar* one stoie left. No. 20 Mar*
ket-flt, and.a*e prepared to rt Cj.Tj and handle
W.lhdeapitch all kit di of protu o.
Caahasitjsl.