6
THSAT, estate;
Probable Effects of the Proposed Fire
Ordinance on the Progress
of Rebuilding.
Large Amounts of Money Offered
for Investment-Loans Now
Being Effected.
The Central Depot—Restoration
of #ic City maps—Trans
fers for the Week.
The proposed new Are ordinance prescribes
that all bondings within the “Inner district",
shall or stone walla of sixteen Inches
in thickness as high as the second story, and
above that twelve Inches in thickness; that al
roofs of slate; metal or other fire-proof,
material, and that all division waits shall extend
eighteen inches above the roofs. These rostrlo
tions are none too stringent for stores; but there
should be some distinction made In favor,o
dwelling Abuses, To require the walls of two
story-and-basemenfe dwellings to bo sixteen
inches thick, and the walls of one-story
dwellings to be twelve inches thick, is
not only a superfluous precaution against fire, but
will so increaeethe cost of dwellings within the
prescribed limits that it will operate against the
rebuilding of the city. The difference between
the cost ofwooden dwelling houses, and good or
dinary ones of brick, has always been so small
that it Is difficult to understand why ■so many
builders have heretofore persisted in building
wooden houses. The difference in the cost of in
surance in favor, of a brick bouse, and the extra
cost of repainting a woodeu house every eighteen
months, make a wooden dwelling oust os
much at the end of three years as though It had
been built of brick, with walls of the ordinary
thickness—say twelve inches for the basement
and first story of all two-story and basement
houses. But if by the requirements of the pro
posed fire ordinance, tliecestof brink dwellings
is unnecessarily Increased bo as to have sixteen
inch walls where twelve inches is sufficient, it
will be a hardship to those whose residences
have been destroyed and who are in many oases
obliged to rebuild them on the same sites as
cheaply as possible.
Perhaps tuc best feature of the proposed fire or
dinance is the banishment of planing mills from
the central parts of the city. Keferenoo to the ex
perience of the insurance companies will show
Shat they have good reason for considering plan
ing mills, sash-and blind factories, and other
similar wood-working establishments ua "extra
hazardous.” iris more probable that the next great
fire will originate in some collection of those es
tablishments than in any other way. If any
body feels skeptical on this point let
him just step into the nearest planing mill
sncl see the air tilled with dry pine shavings fly-.
s 'Tiikfrom the pinning machine, and the floors,
benches, and*the very machinery covered with
them even up to the doors of the furnaces.
Establishments of this kind must, however, flud
a location somewhere. They are one of the most
JmjHirtaut branches of industry in the city, and
on them depends a large part of the city trade
with the country. The limits within which the
erection of Mich establishments would bo forbid
den bv the new fire ordinance will probably,
oblige them to concentrate on the South Brandi,
beyond Twenty-second street, and the North
Branch north of Chicago avenue.
The first mentioned of these localities was
already Ivecomlng the most important lumber and
manufacturing district in the city, but since the
fire has received a largo accession of manufac
tories and population. We understand that the
Chicago A Northwestern Railroad Company have
lust purchased a tract of several acres on one of
the new slips Just south of Twriity-sccond street,
and west of Reuben, where they will transfer
lumber from vessels io tin-ir cars. Wo hear also
of four or five manufacturing establishment
■which have been burnt out ia other parts of the
city, and now propose to rebuild their works in
he district refert* d to.
If the proposed fire ordinance is adopted, oven
with the modification above suggested ia regard
to the thickness of brick walla for dwelling
Louses, it will have the effect to prevent the
erection of -Jn>th shanties and manufactories on
the North Side, oast of Wells street, and will be
the means of making the mice shore from the
water-works to Lincoln Park one of the finest
residence quarters in the cn'r.
MOXKY TOil IXVB>T.VinXT.
f There are largo amounts of capital
offered here by canitalists from other
eiliea for investment in property in tho
burnt district of the South Division. Everyone
of the leading real estatoape.nts has more or less
commissions from such parties to buy at reduc
tions of from 30 to 40 per cent on former values.
But there is a wide difference between the views
of owners and would-be buyers in regard to val
ues. Tho«e -who come here from abroad with
money to invest, naturally feel {unwilling to buy
unlet-s thev can see a chance to make a profitable
speculation. ’While on the other hand, many
pioperty owners flatter themselves with the no
li.'ii that their ground Is worth about as much as
it was before thri buildings were destroyed, and
J business, which made the ground valuable,
was dispersed.
VALUES OF CENTRAL FROPKRIX.
The fire has had the effect to equalize, to a very
considerable‘extent, the value of real estate la all
the central parts of the city. It is contrary to
common sense to hold that the value of ground tn
tho burnt district has not depreciated. There
me some rxecprtons, however, to the rule: On
Wells street south of Madison, tho value of
git)mid was formerly depreciated by the charac
ter of the buihlin js and the population. Tho fire
swept off all the old wooden shells and drove off
tho pawnbrokers, thieves, and prostitutes; Weils
street isnow.as clean and respectable as I.nSalle,
Clark or Dearborn; and while the value of ground
on the three last-named streets has unquestion
ably depredated, that on Wells has Increased.
On Randolph, Lake ana South Water streets,
cast of Market street, values have depreciated
from 15 to <0 per cent, according to location. On
Frnnklin and Market streets, south of Randolph,
values arc. If anything, higher than before the
fire, owing partly to tho clearing off
of tho -old buildings, and partly
to the westward movement of business. On Wa
bash and Michigan avenues, between Madison
und Twelfth streets, property Is unquestionably
more valuable Ilian before the Are, because busi
ness has been pushed southward, and many of
fho branches or retail trade and office business
will become permanently lo ?ated there. The fire
has only hastened the time when Wabash avenue,
far south as Twenty-second street, will be the
flni'Pt retail street hi the cliv.
On the North Side. the market value of ground
Iras bet n diminished by the tire from 25 to 40 per
f«-ut lo iv.eM 10.-atieus, though there, are also ex
ptuiiir t«‘ ?h i ruin, from causes similar to those
have increased the value of ground on
Market, and Franklin snvets.
The 1« t hi Tort by liK 2-2 oa the n *rtli?o3t corner
Mad;. ,n V,-tiects, has just been sold
I’.** M ".Ar si< K :sda :r.-> estate to Thus. B. Bryan
f .of ..us iiiiit.utif ahojuis paid iu
l;» pi ipvny, njj.p tiif h tb.rn.-e iu money.
MuuT'.;.'.r i.ows.
r.ii
jN.ili-nt b-siv-.u;*4 ip!’..* biing c.leeled bu rculbs
*.c. Tl e b m’c.Mii ties? cm hava acreptvd
i! e a’.pl rets (tf t ’h’/ivhi.'h hav be-'U pro e ved.
V;a‘V say lb f.» w to nP tiicy *ot aa
i v iorm-c id title w- eu they nnv.hs loans biv'ora the
d* p'ruetlcu of (he ro-or’s, :vsd. la coach where
tJ.i-y knur, il’cTwiiiM' l Ms u* l>e honorable men,
ihto »o:*aoigjison .why th y should n»t accent
tic same evidence; of title now which Uhv jv~
■e; jo* d ilnn.; The-o loans ha.e been •.•ff*otc;\
rhieiSy cn bui-luess property, at 8. and in uar
4 cut tv r annum, accord mg* to the auiouut aail the
biiglh u» time.
THE CENTRAL DEI*OT.
Wc mentioned,.ten .days or so ago, that tho Bal
timore, Pittsburgh A Clucayo Railroad Coiux»unv
hml ]K?rfected a contract with the Illinois Central
by which lL**y were to como into the city ou the
track of tho latter from sumo where: about Calu
met Stali4m, aud alsothntthoßaltimorccompany
propose t4» build passenger, d -p,it with
the liimuis Ceiitrol, Michigan Central, «nl* Chi
cago. Burlington it, with this
m view. companies .-would; probably
;»pply to the eily to purclmse -all of lake
Park north o*, „say, ;..Vun Buren .street,
t i 4im»*. of i h«* property owners ou Michigan avenue
I-avc—bh w c'-undcrEtaurt -bren waking-somo of
the principal real estate dealer*, opinions in re-’
g»rd to tin*, probable effect of these proposals
upon the value of Uuurpropo;ty.and have drawn
*ut the UiUtiwlng oxpn‘Hsiou of opmlou from*'
frur geutb mrn whose Judgment in such affairs
is cousiiicivd woithyof Hie highest can-ider;v
tiui). It must be adniltcul, however, that the
4)tuPtii'n is imta diiticult oue, and it Is doubtful
it any bmty has ever entertained a different oplu
ieu from that expressed below:
M e, the multr*lgnert, have carefully considered the
»*f Uie IlUnuin Central, Michigan Central,
and Chicago,. Burlington d Quincy Railroad Com
panic* to «-reH upon-the ground* between Randolph
and llouroe streets, east of Michigan u venue" and 140
feet east of the wo>t lino of said avenue, a flntt-olasa
union passenger depot, a* to it* effect noon the value
01 the lot* fronting upon said gmutnU and »uto Has
our opinion that Hie erection ot *ald depot as proposed,
■will not only lie of groat advantage to all property for
merly occupied for business purposes between Van
Buttii slm’tandtlicniAiDiirer, hut that it will ma
terially Increase tlie demand for tie property Immtv
dlatelvinfioutof it for business purposes, andcnhauco
its value from 25 to SO per cent
(Signed)
RECORDS.
iiESiuJIUJU tai iii j J|| oi Ibe Board of
In legislation for the purpose of
tnTlMt cltr and county rcoorda of
rapsatS jSStsof subdivisions. J. H.Bees,E«q.,
Chosen' Chairman, ana Otto _Pelirer Secre
tary of the meeting.
While discussing different modes at sotno length
the re-recording oi all original plats, which might
ho still in the hands of private parties, took pre
cedence, and it was. urged by Ur.
S. 8. Orccley, and supported by others, that
it would l»e necessary to pass a law providing
for the appointment of commissioners, who
should bo empowered, and whose duty it should
be, first, before placing them upon record, to ex
amine these plats in order to ascertain whether
they had been altered or otherwise tampered
with.
Ur. Tnley, as o more Immediate remedy,
favored tho purchase by the county or State
of the compiled atlafeee in tho hands of Roes
Co. and Ogden, Sheldon,<t Co., and legalizing
them as records for tho future. It was thought
brothers that these books should be made availa
ble in such cases only where original plats could
BOtbcfonnd;
Mr. Greeley, moved, and his motion pre
vailed, that the Board of Public Works be re
quested, os a preliminary step, fo advertise, ask
ing parties in possession of original plats bearing
upon them evidence of former record, and of ab
stracts containing oonlesof such plats, and of all
other reliable plats of subdivision, to bring them
to their office,Vo. 202 West Randolph street, to
Ur. Otto Peltier, in charge'of the mapping de
partment, in order to have copies taken there
from, or to leave their addresses so that It may ho
known where tho plats are to.bo seem..
Hr. Tuley agreed to draw up a bill covering the
necessities -of the cose, and the meeting' ad
journed. The Secretary waainstruoted to call
them together to meet the land Titie Committee
of the Legislature, which is expeotedjfo
during next week. _
TRANSFERS FOR BATtmDXTAKD THE WEE IT.
The following instruments were filed-for re
cord on Saturday, November is;
mr
Undivided fcofLotST of.Block 24, Section 7, 83, 14,
dated November J7; consideration, jboo.
Lots land's. In Block 1, of J.P. Clarkson's west I,
northeast i Section 6,89,14, dated September i; con
sideration, #ooo.
Suh-lot 8, of Assessor's Lots IS to 16, of Block o, Ash
land Second Addition, dated September 16 considera-
6, of Malcolm McJfeU'a Blocks C, 7.
and 8, In Wricbt'a Addition, dated November 17 floon*
slderatlon, t30.00a
Wabash av, between congress and Harrison sts, e t
24xUBft; dated OcL 50; consideration.
Blocks 13 and 14 (being 20 acres) of 8. J. Walkers n
o M, geo 25,39,13; also part w 1-2 n e 1-4 of ho m, bee
25, 39,13, north of river (except railroad)! dated Jan
-28; consideration, f105,000. 1141
Pan of Lot Ift, In Block 4, Ellis’ West Addition, being
on Vincennes av, near Thlrty-soventh at: dated, No.*.
14; consideration. $15,800.
Madison st. 20212 ft oof Market at. &2, 22x193 it;
dated Oct. SS consideration, $13,000,
Indiana ov, H7 ft sof Twenty llfth st, of, 49x177 it;
dated Nov. 4: consideration, cls,*>oo.
O’Brien st, !>otweon Union and Hoisted sts. a. t 25x
SO It, with buildings; dated Nov. 17 consideration,
o(X>.
aforganst, 216ftn of Harwell 6t, w L 21x100 It;
dated Nov. 2; consideration. S9QQ, 1
south of errr umits. 1
Lot 6ln Block JO, EgtmdaK dated Nov. Is considers-
UOD,
3.sfit datodfS MUmrtanmd Ensssl'sso J-l Soo
M 1 consideration, f7.500
S rm H «‘®totalvaluoof city aid suburban
goi>rtt> transferred during the week ending Novem-
5 r ltWn old city limits H70.150
North of Fnllerton-av. asoo
South of Egan-av 4^975
1 Total
BOBma FOB FACTS.
Scenes and Doings ta and Around the Fire
Alarm Telegraph Office on the Night of the.
Great Conflagration—Narrow Escape from
Destruction*
Onoof our reporters yesterday met William J.
Brown, night operator In the Fire Alarm Tele
graph, Department, the rooms of which were on
the third floor of the old Court House, and pro-
ceeded to interview him about the alarms on the
night of the great fire.
Reporter. What do. you know- about the
alarms 1
Brown. The first notice I received of the fire
was from the watchman in the Court House
tower. Ho gave me Box 342, at half-past 9
o’clck, and I strucklt..
Reporter. Hud ho. noticed the fire from his
look-out I
•Brown. Yes. He had struck the box from
sight, and I sent it to the engine-houses over the
wire. I did hot receive an alarm over the wires
nntilten minutes afterward, when I got Boxes
295, 293 and 296. The authorized signal did not
come in, but X struck a second alarm on my own
Judgment.
Reporter. What do you mean' by an “author
ized second alarm" I
Brown. 3.ouknow they have a signal for a sec
ond alarm; only the Marshals and toremenknow*
it. I did not receive it. and I asked the man up
in the tswer how the linrwas, and he said it was
lime to strike a second alarm. About forty min
utes afterward he said the fire was spreading,
and I struck a third alarm. While! was striking
It, some one commenced polling Box No. 396, and
the others again. I did not got the signal author
izing mo to do that.
Reporter. At what time were the different
alarms given t
Brown. s The first was at 9:30, the second at9:4o.
and the third at 10:20.
Reporter. 'What occasioned the last, or fourth
alarm!—there was another box struck off.
Brown. At fourteen minutes before 12 o’clock I
struck Box No. 287. That was for the church; tho
fire had jumped a block or two, and that box was
for another tiro altogether. After the Court House
bell struck, I knew there was no use in sending it
to the engine-houses, as thev were all at the other
lire, and I didn’t do it.
Reporter. Wasn’t there an alarm after 12
o’clock t
Brown. Yea. At fourteen, minutes after 12 I
struck Box 16. That was for the tiro which broke
out near, the gas works. That box was pulled
(sent in). That was all the 'striking I did, us I
went off duty at half-past 12 o’clock.
Reporter. Were you in the Court House when it
caught Are I
Brown. Yes, I was.
Reporter. What time was it!
Brown. About half-past 1 o’clock.
Reporter. Where did it take lire 1
Brown. In the garret on the roof.
Reporter- Who put it out!
Brown. I put out one lire on the roof of the
tower, about half-past 12, with the assistance of
two others. I went off afterward and staid away
some time, and when I returned, the Court House
hurst out inflames.
STATEMENT OF G. S. FULLER,
Mr. George S. Puller, assistant operator in the
Fire Alarm. office, who relieved Mr, -Brown at
half-past 12 o’clock on that Monday morning, was
alsoJutervicwed, and made the following state
.mint: I left tho lire on tho West Side at mid
night, and went to the office to relievo Mr.
Brown. I arrived there at 12:30 a. m. While I
was on duty. Stations 19, 13 and 10 were turned
In, and struck by me in rapid succession. A bout
this time, some man came into the office and no
tified me that the tire had crossed to the South
Side of the river. At the same time, the watch
man in the tower told mo that the wooden ven
tilators on tbo west wing wore on
tire. I then asked the man on duty
in the Contra! Station (Policeman Vcsev)
to send me n Are-cxtingulshcr, which he did.
With the aid of the extinguisher and the assist
ance of the two watchmen .In the tower. I man
aged to keep down the small tires which wore
constantly appearing on the wooden tower and
ventilators, until about half-past 1 o’clock a. m.,
when a ball of tar, or a piece of tarred paper,
came through the windows under the balcony of
the dome, and fell on .the stairs, Just where some*
plastering had been pulled off. 1 started up the
stairs to put it out, but before 1 could reacli It,
the lathing and some dry material under the
roof had ignited. I then, called loudly for Mr.
Dencson, the watchman, to come down from the
tower, which he did, making a nar
row escape with his life. Knowing by
the appearance of things that the
building was doomed;! returned to the office
and struck my electric rope iter, striking upwards
of seventy blows on the outside bolls, thinking
that, perhaps, the noise <roold awaken some of
the many sleepers with whom I .knew many of
the blocks were tilled. Previous to this, 1 caused
the Court House bell to be rung by hand. As the
office was by this tithe full of smoke, and the boat
was becoming intense. T was obliged to switch off
my repeaters and leave the office, which I did,
with one or two others, by way of the west wing,
stopping to close the nre-doora between the two
building*. Once out of the building I .procured
a Are ha!, and worked until 3 o’clock on Monday
afternoon, at the south .‘end of the Arc, when I
went li»mc to get some sleep.
A New Rector for the Church of the Epiphany
—-Programme of Services in the Churches
To-Day*
Rev. C. H. W. Stocking, of Rochester, N. Y., haa
accepted the call to the rectorship of the Church
of .the Epiphany, In this city, and will oatorupon
bis duties here on the 15th of December next.
Mr. Stocking is a man of commanding ability and
superior accomplishments.
—Uev. A. N. bnyder, rector, will conduct ser
vices in Calvary Church, on Warren, near West
ern avenue, morning and evening.
—Rev, H. 31. Powers will preach at 3 p. m. lathe
Union Park Congregational Church.
—Services willbe held ns usual at Bt. Stephen’s
Church, on Johnson street, between Taylor aud
Twellth stret'ts.
—Rev. W, J. Johnson will preach, morning and
evening, iu All Saints Church, corner of Carpen
ter and Fourth stieots.-
—Rev. C E. Cheney will preach, morning and
evening. ln Christ Church, comer of Michigan
avenue and Twenty-fourth street
—Bishop Kcrfoot wilt preach in tho morning,
and Dr. Locke in the evening, at Grow Church. w
—Rev. E.jSulUvnnwill preach Iu Trinity Chapel,
on Fourth avenue, between Taylor ami Twelfth
streets, at 10:15 a. m. .Sunday school at 3 p. m.
VMTAKLVK.
Rev. Robert Collyor will preach this morning
at o clock, lu the Third Church, comer of
Laflm ami l Monroe vts. At 3 p. m. in Murray
Chanel, corner of Indiananvcnue aud .Twenty
ninth street, aud at 7 1-2 p. m. lu«Mr. Daw’s par
lors, 4>u Orchard street, first house south of Ful
lerton avenue. At each of these services ho will
rcyeatbis «hscoureo on Our Loss and Oar Gain.”
—Rev. Robert Laird Collier will preach at the
Church of thcMossiab. at 10;30 o’clock, Subject:
“Shall We Have a Revival or Something Better
After tho Href”
Rev. 8. McClie?ccy will preach to tho united
eoDjrteiratlomL. of Trinity and Avenue
Methodist Churches, at loaola. m. and 7.-30n.m,
Tlie pltt4*e of worship is the hall on Indiana ave
nue, near Twenty-second street.
—Rev. Jogcxdi llaven uill pro,ich in tho morn
ing, ami Rev, A. 31. Strbwbridge la the evening
at Centenary Church, Mouroo v street, west of
Morgan.
—Rev. Dr. parkffurst will preach to tho Park
Avenue Chnreh la tho moraine, and Rev. Dr. Wal
den iu the evening.
baptist.
*.ev. Jacob Knapp, who haa long had national
ccicDßtj* M.an evangelist, will begin a series of
meetings lii the Fifth Church, to day, preaching
mot ning and evening.
—Prof. i)nnn will preach this morning at the
Free Church, comer of Loomis and Jacks on
streets. r
MISCCXXXHEOUS.
Rev. William A. Bartlett will preach at 10:30 a.
ni., in Plymouth Church, comer ot Wabash avo
uue and £ldrid<m court.
—Rev. A v X. Shoemaker will preach, morning
ond evening, In the Church©! God, comer of War
ren avenue and Robey street.
“Members of the Fourth Presbyterian Church,
and others interested in Sunday School work, aro
invited to attend Sunday School at at 3 p, m., at
the Howe Street Mission School, between Willow
ami Centre “streets.
A. J. AvEtlltL,
ENOS AYItKS,
S. J. WAUtKU,
JAMES U. REES.
—Rov, O. A. Burgess will preaeh, morning and
evening, In the Indiana Avenue Christian Church,
corner of Twenty-fifth street.
The Samuels Xronlslng Process,
lb On £ditor of The Chicago Tnhttne
Sir At the present time, when your eolntnns
arc daily filled with individual theories and prop
ositions for replacing the evidences of title to our
real estate, there is another matter which is of as
great, If not greater, Important to the public,
and which it may not bo Inappropriate to men
tion at this time; that Is, a method of rebuilding
onr city in such ayuannex that It shall not ho pos
sible for a recurrence of such a disaster as recent
ly destroyed it; mother words, to rebuild It in a
yfre-proo/manncr,-Ohaa nearly a* possible; ana
anything tending to bring about such a result will
be carefully considered by onr citizensl As wood,
and particularly our-light, inflammable pine
wood, must enter- largely into the con
struction of nil, or most all, of onr
hull dings, any process fending *0 render it inoom
hustiblo will be considered of great-Talao to the
public at this time. A few days ago, your columns
contained an article from the Engineering and
fixning Joumal, describing a process for render-
Arc-proof* by .the use. of soluble glass,
silicate of soda, and commonUme; but It is neoes
tiSit wood br this process
seasoned. There la no
teSSiwU? 18 ■would reader wood almost
incombustible. It Is certain, that if the tmlfllo
]^^ifM Ss Ce^ 50n 7* lleed h*k at, an r process, lumber
could be at cube rendered fire-proof, or nearly so
and, at the same time, preserved in such, a
manner as to dry and wet rot, without
injury to its fibre, texture, or strength, it would
bo largely used in rebuilding our city, and no
building or value or Importance erected without
first having)all of its timber and woodwork
thoroughly preserved by that process. There
is process, the principle of which has boon
known and used in Germany and England for
the last half century, for ironizlng wood, by ex
tracting or coagulating all tho constituents of tho
sap, and depositing In its place a solution of sul
phate of iron, precipitated oy a solution of com
mon The result of this is to form the Inso
luble sulphate of lime and protoxide of iron, both
of which remain In the pores of, and attached to.
the fibre of the wood; which process oomblnes.all
the valuable and desirable results above men
tioned, But lh!f for want of the menus
.$522,655
RELIGIOUS.
EPISCOPAL.
METUODJSr.
of securing Vapidity and" cheapness In thoprona
mtlon. baa never epmo Into general uaolnthja
country. This last desideratum baa been ae
cured by what is bnown na tbo Samnola Iron-
Itlnpl'tocosa, by which a perfectly green pi.™
Vhrl., 1,0 tlla j'ougUly Ironlied In from
lenr lioura.piui tbtreby renderedincom
w t' r!i'rf- n{l V' nt ili Bam fbne,preserved from
rot without Injury tu the wood, That
eminent cbcinlat, Professor Blanoy, of the Bush
I*"°’ ronM ‘*lv Hindu an an ilvsis of a
piece of wood preserved by the Samuels Proo
at tbo requcat of tho Board of PuuUc Works or
tblre city, and the following la an extract from Uls
report thereon, lie pays;
Br the removal °f a largo portion of tho constit-
Tieme of the sap, and the subsequent coagulation, of
.other constituents, capable of acting as ferments, and,
as such, to promote decay, it camiotie doubted that this
proe*s*(ut<hiiua‘riiaUy la Vie lift of Vie icooxl used for’
building purposes, exposed or not exposed to the
action of atmospheric agencies. In addition to which
the fibre of tho wood Is so protected and condensed ns
to be far less liable, by alternate exposure to moist
and dry atmosphere, to the shrinkage and expansion
to which wo.nl not so prepared la so liable. Hence It
would be particularly valuable for furniture, and also
for the inside work of buildings, liable to shrinkage
from the dedicating effects of heating apparatus. Both
of the constituents Introduced by this process have the
Sower, proportionately to theamounta present, to either
teempose, or render innocuous, the gases set free in
the decomposition ot vegetable and animal sub*
stances. Wood-prepared by Samuels' process Is less
liable to take fire from sparks, or an equal exposure to
heat, and burns leas rapidly alter being set on fire
than. wood not so prepared; consequently. It would
be more easily extinguished. It Is a well-settled
scientific principle, that the removal of the natural
ingredients of wood which cause fermentation, and
consequent decay. And the impregnation of the same
with chemicals known to be insoluble in water, and
indestructible, will odd vastly to its durability.
Would it not be well for any persons having
any knowledge upon this subject, at the present
time, to communicate it to the public press.
Chicago, Nov. is.
How the Milwaukee, Janesville, and Anrora
Firemen Made the Most of, Their Oppor
tunity, and; Bled Oar Citizens on the Occa-
sion of the* Great Fire*
The Milwaukee fire engine companies did some
good work m protecting the coal and lumber
yards along the east side of the North Branch
during the Great Fire, on the morning of Mon
day. but as it was their "opportunity," they
made the most of It. How much in greenbacks
they realized It would bd hard to estimate, but
that they returned with plenty of money no one
can doubt.
The extensive coal and lumber yards of
Whitehouso, Blake «t Co. ore situated near
the corner of Indiana and Market streets,
nearly opposite the Northwestern depot, and as
the danger of destruction appeared imminent,
much excitement prevailed during the spread of
the fire. The .surrounding neighborhood was a
sea of fire and smoko, and an exceedingly unpleas
ant atmosphere to live in, and the arrival of en
gines from Janesville and Milwaukee was looked
for with impatience. As soon as the nows of
their arrival reached the owners of property in
the vicinity every effort was made to get them
Into active service as soon as possible. Mr.
Bishop, an employe of Messrs. Whitehouso, Blake
Co., secured a milk team, a id soon had them
hitched to the engines, which he took to
bis employers* yard, as being the most exposed
point, and the key to the lumber and coal yard
adjoining, and running along the nver. The two
Milwaukee engines were set to work, anti wotted’
the shed and office, and the adjacent buildings on
that side of the street: The Northwestern Rail
road people then made an effort to secure the en
gines for the protection or their depot, and the
foreman, whether for a consideration of not,gave
orders to move round to the depot The firemen
obeyed, and the coal yards were left to their fate.
■lt was not surprising that in a few minuses at
tci ward the office and shed were in a blaze. Mr.
Bishop ran off the engine companies and im
plored them to come back. Ho assured thorn that
the safety of the whole series of coal yards—
Bogle's. Dewey’s, and others, depended on that
one spot—but tbc firemen calmly inquired what
he was willing to pay for their services. Mr.
Bishop was ready to offer a decent sum, but the
Milwaukee foreman wanted S3OO, not a cent lass.
Having readily obtained a promise of that sum,
the unselfish heroes turned their attention to sav
ing Ihe office and shed. They succeeded before any
great amount of damage was lone, and, having*
remained an hour, took up their traps ami went
elsewhere. Mr. Bishop and a regiment of coal
heavers then watched with pails of water, and
so kept the lire away until the danger was over.
Mr. Dickenson, of the firm of Dickouson, Leach;
to., (littillers, offered these same valuable'
gentlemen sl,ooo to protect his distilllorr, but, as
they refused to accept hi* proposition. It is but
fair to suppose they accepted a better oner. This
business must have been exceedingly profitable
to the tiro companies, whose energetic use of the
opportunity” was most praiseworthy.
Ono coal dealer in the vicinity scoured an en
gine, whether from Milwaukee or not bo cannot
say. for about S3O besides coal, while the Janes
ville contribution cost him $123. This ho man
aged with true business sagacity. The men
agreed to work for SIOO, and ho secured their
services. They got drunk and refused to work.
Ho accordingly made them drunker, so that they
could nit move their machine away. The en
gineer was decently sober, and ran that part of
the work, while the gentleman In. question with
some citizens did the hoso-carrying. They
doubtless saved considerable property In this
amateur fireman business. Tie Is determined to
live up to his contract and pay them the SIOO
agreed upon.
Numbers of such instances of unselfish deter
mination to save property could bo oiled. Tho
Aurora and Indianapolis lire companies were
wotking on tho wholesale drug house of Fuller
Fuller, on Market btreet. doiug their best to satu
rate it- The. danger which threatened it was
Srroat, and tho utmost vigilance was necessary.
Robert Luw’s coal heap was on fire, and tho Au
rora men were near at hand. Their foreman, ac
tuated by tho spirit of “opportunity," accepted
the oiler of SSOO to leave tho drug house and irri
gate the coal- heaps. Tho Indianapolis
man expressed his opinion when
asked to Imitate this'' philan
thropic gentleman’s example, that such iovo of
lucre at such a time was despicable, and refused
to leave the drug building. There are some peo
ple probably who ngfreo with the foreman of tho
Indianapolis company, ..It i* certain thai.neither
he nor ms plucky companions were forgotten by
the firm.
The ffremen froth Cincinnati are said to have
worked with considerable energy, and as nothing
particular is .known ot-them except that they
worked night and day near the Chicago Mton
depot, it may bo rconcludcd fearlessly that they
acted honorably.
OUR YOUNG MEN.
An Appeal in Their Behalf—Shall They be
Compelled to Resort to Billiard Rooms,
Theatres, Etc., or wlU’bnr Citizens Provide
them a Free Rending Room and Club House f
Wo the undersigned-members of the Young.
Hep’s Association connected with Trinity Church'*
(destroyed by the recent conflagration) beg to
submitthofollowing statement of facts: Since
the fire, and ns one of its direct consequences, 'a
large number of young'men of Intelligence and
respectability are wandering about our city,
homeless and without employment. Hundreds
more, who still retain their former situations,
have had their salaries cut down, in many
cnees 23 per cent*. They arc consequently
unable to pay for lodgl ngs possessing
any degree of comfort, and arc compelled to con
tent themselveswith bedrootna of very contract
ed dimensions, without flre,-or. carpet, .or even*
sufficient furniture, and these are not very in
viting placcsdn which to spend the long winter
evenings,' Meanwhile the saloons, theatres, and
billiard halls of tho city have lost none of their
attractions. They are well warmed, brilliantly
lighted, and thrown most temptinglyopen. What
wonder, then, if numbers of our young men, who
before would have scorned to visit such haunts,
are now. from sheer necessity, compelled* to fre
quent them in search of the social enjoyment
and recreation which they cannot llna in their
own narrow, 111-furnisned and badly-lighted
rooms, and ho contract habits which, long enough
indulged,-inevit ibly guarantee their mint
In view, therefore, of this condition of things
among our young men. and having regard to our
responsibility before God for oar brothers, to
rescue thorn, If wo cun, from any such possible
fate, wc have resolved to establish a Young Men’s
Club and Reading Room—free—which, by being
comfortably furnished and provided with books,
magazines, illustrated papers, dolly Journals,
chose boards, writing apparatus, etc., may pro
sent an attractive place of resort, whore young
men may, without respect to creed or enurjh
connection, spend their evenings, pleasantly In
social Intercourse, mental Improvement, or any
other occupation that will conduco to their enjoy
ment, or consist with their truest welfare.
While, however, we are persuaded that such a
club would ho largely patronized, and (hereby
pledge ourselves to spare no effort to make It a
success, wo must throw ourselves on tho sym
pathy of a generous and approving public for tho
means of liquidating tho necessary expense.
Wc, therefore respectfully, hut earnestly, solicit
donations to assist us in carrying out our pro
ject.
Oontrlbtion* iu cither money, books, or any
other of the necessary kind of furniture will be
thankfully received and promptly acknowletlged
by the Chairman of the committee. Signed oube
hnlf of tho association,
Rev. Edwart) Sullivan,
No. 5M Wabash avenue. Chairman,
Frank W. Balch,
Damion Hauser.
C. B. OOWANT,
Committee. r
“liITTIiE FRAJTKIE”
Search for tho Lout Child of One of the Pcsh
tlgo People—A Characteristic Letter from
Hob, Wm. B* Ogden.
It is a significant faet, as showing the character
of one of Chicago's noblest and most -valued citi
zens, that, in the midst of his immense misfor
tunes, and his extended and complicated busi
ness responsibilities, Hon. Wm. B. Ogdon could
lay aside all these for the sake of writing the fol
lowing letterrlirthc hope of assisting In tho v re
covery of the lost child of one of his Fcshtlgo peo
ple
...v&lttorof ThsChietigc TVfbunt:
Dkak BHT; Frank Jacobs, -a Hungarian of Kos
sutne’s party, and now about eighteen, years. In Pesh
tipo, cocsped. with his wife. the death that.overtook
so many on tho night of tho dreadful -fire here; but
his wife’s sitter. Miss Charlotte Seymour, who left his
house in advance of him, taking his only child, was
drowned in the Poahtlgo River, and tho chOd, a llttio
hoy about 2 l-2 years clu, has been tniwaiwg since.
Tho hoy's name was Frank, and they “called
Frankie.”
ft was reported that some one, who saw Miss Sey
mour go down between tho logs she was clinging to/
fa'lfd save her, hut did seize and save the child; and'
that It, with a great many others, was taken to Menom
inee on tho morning after the fire, and thero took thd
steamer for Green Bay.
Mrs. John BeMarsh, of Peshugo, tolls Mr. Jacobs
that she saw tho child on the steamer, on its way to
Green Bay, in tho care of some kind gentleman pas
soccer, on nls way to Chicago, who asked, when she
told him that she knew the child, and whose it
was, if its parents were still living.
Sbo did not then know whether they were or not,
and very likely left him with tho impression, at that
time of great distress and confusion, that they were
juobably not living, as she had not seen them since
The gentleman caring for the child said to her that
ho should take it to Green Bay, and to ■Chicago if he
did not find its parents, and should take care of It
hntil he did find Chom. Mrs. Be Marsh does notknow
who this gentleman was, but, 11 She la not mistaken, it
would seem -that the child was saved and is still
this letter Is to ask, if admlssablo.
publish those facts. In the hope
thereby, and his very dfs
6Ted from, their painful state of
uncertainty and suspense about their boy and only
Perhaps, -1-2 years old; hM light
brown liatr and blue eyes. Tho only won! ho sooka
plamly, his parents say* was
y il aiiej V»’iiu.'c tip*
TRIBUNE:' "STOKa.^,aV :^l47^.
rod, brown,- «nd white'tbeck nprTO, wltu abSid
purple and white check- uu 0I
Intliehopo that this child may hare escaped death
on U*at fearful nlpht, and that this statement of th«
clrcmustauc 8 of the case, as related to me. raav
to his discovery and return to his unhappy parent* r
mn»iu, dear tslr, with great respect, very tralr
jours, W. B. Ogles r
PE6UTICO, Nov. ic, isn. UE5
The Burned and Charred Bematna of the -Re-
Downed Billiard Found inllho Halos
of The Tribune Building—Sketch of the Life
of Deceased.
At about 10 o’clock yesterday morning some
workmen engaged in removing the debris from
The Taxbcvb Building came upon the burnt and
charred remains of a man who perished
in' the great fire, and whose body hn T
lain concealed In .the ruins ever elnoe:
It was found in the sidewalk area on the Madison
street front, and was consumed beyond recogni
tion by any external ‘appearances, the legs being
burnt off to tho hips’, the arms to tho. shoulders
the upper portion" of the head gone, and tho en
tire remaining portion oharred, blistered, and
blackened: Inasmuch as this spot was'the last
place where John McDevltt, the well known bil-
Ilardist, was seen alive, the theory at once
gested Itself that tho remains were
those of that much-lamented gentleman
This idea was strengthened, after tho bodv*
bad.been removed to tho Morgue, by a close ner
eoual examination, which revealed the fact amt
the upper teeth were false, as* were McDevltt’s
and were set on a plate of vulcanized rubber al
though the coincidence here is not certain, as no
one, excepting his wife or tho dentist, would bo
likely to be informed on this subject.' The cloth
ing was burned beyond recognition, excepting tho
shirt bosom, which was almost imiidurbo, tho sup
position being that the falling in or the sidewalk
-stones and walls prevented further burning The
shirt bosom had no studs, being fastened by ordi
nary mother-of-pcarlbuttons. In tho vest pockets
were found a watch, so blackened and fused
that it was Impossible to determine either its
metal or peculiarities of construction; and also
two bits of postal currency, and a printed cir
cular.
A Subscriber.
MEANNESS,
Pending tho result of a thorough- InveAl
ga tion by the Coroner, there can be no
certainty as to: tho -identification of the
remains, and It may be that they can never be
positively identified, so slight and intangible are
all remafnlngtraces.of individuality; but enough
is known to wa> rant tbe gravest apprehensions
that It was under the sidewalk area of Tub
Tbibdnb Building—where he was seen by several
persons, among them two attaches of
this paper, some time .before tho
building burned—that John McDevitt
met his death.ttLikc many others on that night
of appalling terror and confusion, when, for sev
eral hours,’not a drop of water could be had to
drink, McDevitt was, although able to walk
about, in no condition to realize danger or seek
for safety, and refusing, as men are apt to do
under such. circumstances, to yield to
the earnest suggestions of friends anxious
for his welfare, be .stubbornly persisted
In remaining in the urea until the flames cut off
ullchaucQ of escape. There arc conflicting ru
mors and statements concerning the whereabouts
of McDevitt at the time Thb TuiDUNB Building
burned, but, as his Immediate personal friends
are firm in the belief that bo perished there, tho
following sketch of his career, m the Billiard Cue
for Kovcmher, will be found of interest;
The deceased was born In January. 1843. at Vernon,
Indiana, and played his first pamo of blmania tn 1557.'
Ho first acquired distinction aa the conqueror of
William Goidthwait in a match lor #I,OOO a aide, at
Cincinnati, May 31, iscs. hla sole noteworthy
contest prior to this having been with Frank Parker,
whom ho defeated for #250 a side. Ho next,
for a pars© of *250, gave Cyrtlle Dion the
odd© of 350 point© In 1.500, winning by 34. Playing
Decry for the championship, ho was boa ten 355 in i J>oo.
He next placed Goidthwait for a parse of #l5O, and
won by iw in 500: and shortly afterward was beaten
a boat 200 In 500, lor #IOO, by an amateur whom ho at
tempted to discount. Playing Joseph Dion for tho
American championship, at Montreal, ho was
beaten 223 in 1,500. In the same year
he played, Goidthwait, In Boston, for SSOO a
side, winning by a score of 1,500 to Kfi. The return
game, also 1* r SSOO a side, was played In this city,
Gddthwait winning by :*63. Ho next played the late
WUllam N. Wicks f<r $250 a side, winning by 2lln
100, three-ball game. Playiug again (or the champion
ship, Joseph Dion defeated him at Montreal
by a score of 1,800 to 81C. This was Juno 10,
1*67. In December following, McDevitt went again to
Montreal, ami this time won the championship, defeat
log Joseph Dion by a score of 1,500 to L 485. January
8, 1865, he played Goidthwait in this city for #250 a
side, nmuliigi 1,483 lu the crotch, and winning by
1.500 to lift. In Chicago 'he plaj'ed Melvin
Foster for tho clianiiii'*n©hip. Tlio game was
never finished. stamhug i.sttf to 1,282 In favor
of McDevitt when the Inst ball was struck. Next ho
played Josvph Dion for SSOO a side at Library Hall. In
Chicago, and, makingtho marvellous run of 1,458 with
out crotch, won by a total of 1,500 against 407, averaging
C« 2-3. On December 22 he again played Goidthwait,
alno in Ohieago. winning by 1,500 to 1,450.
McDevitt, resigning the champion cue, now
retired from the billiard arena. This
was at the cl« so of 1863. Being in New York daring
the tournament of iB6O, he ■was prevailed npen to play
Cyiille Dion fur s.sf a fide, at the threo-uali game.
Dion won by one point in 300 That was his la->t con
test. McDevitt was personally very popular, at din
his habits was long held np a© a model to others in hla
X>mfessioiL lie leaves a ycaug wife destitute.
The Coronet’s inquest will bo held this evening.
Report of Colonel Jones of the Cincinnati Re
lief Committee lnteresting Incidents and
{statistics—Timely Suggestions*
Colonel A- E. Jones, chairman of tho Committee
.of Relief of tho Common Connell of-Cinolnnatl,
appointed to visit thejllstrict© in tho Northwest
devastated by the reoent terrible fires, presented
a report to the Council at a meeting held on
Thursday. .The" following extract from the" re
port, having reference to tho Clnclnnfttl.Soup
House lu this city, is not only reliable, but deeply
interesting;
Gentlemen: The committee appointed to visit tho
burnt districts In the Northwest ueg leave to repott
tlmt they left Ciitrinhnti on t)u> oveiilngof thfr 27th of
October, arrivwlin Chicago at I p. m of Um 28th, and
spent the remirtjulerof_tho dayJn visiting somo.of the
depots of supplies in that city, a considerable part of
the time in investigating the operations of' the Cin
cinnati Soup House. Here wu met tho Rev. Mr.
Franklin and .Hi Johnson, Esq accents for this city.
The good resulting from the establishment of the'soup
house can scarcely *0 overrated. We were informed
that at the present time the average daily number
supplied /was about i,cyo. TUcreia one difficulty, ho W
ever, wo tespccUully call the attention of tho commit
t- e In, which. In tho opinion of yoar agents, Messrs.
Franklin and Johnson. a§ well as of your committee,
could be remedied, and would bo of groat advantage
to the niflering poor who look- to that institution tor
theirthilyfood. Mr.- Franklin informed us that lie
lu>n Called the attention of your committee to the sub
ject. It is this: The practicability of establishing
distributing depots in diflVrent, parts of the city,
for the reason that manv now come two and
three miles to be supplied. This, at any season of the
year, is a hardship to the aged, feeble or infirm, but
during the inclenient_\veather of a Northern winter
will render It next to impossible for a large number
of those now receiving the benefits of tho Institution
to avail themselves or It, and from this cause much
sufleiing may result. We may .mention a sioglo in
stance that came under our observation while there.
A n spcctable looking hut Infirm lady applied for aid
and received a quart of soup, andwftha ‘God bless
Cincinnati” left the house. Her ap
f-caratce and expression attracted our often
lon, and wo asked one of the Superintendents
who she was Said ho: “That lady before the Are
was in good circumstances, lost everything in th-»
great conflagration, and is compelled dallv to obtain
soup forthe sustenance of herself and children, and ta
do so, walks at least two miles and a half." Ho further
Informed u» tliat it was not Infrequently tho case tliat
applicants came two and three miles once and twice a
day for the same purpose. The time thus spent is of
great value to that class depending upon this institu
tion, osUlo from the hardship of going so great a dis
tance duringtho winter mouths, when the application
for- this relief-will be greatly Increased. We
therefore recommend foi your early consideration the
subject of establishing several posts, to which soup
may b* taken daily from the soup house for dlstrlba
tlon. This can bo done by obtaining small Toims m
such muts of the cite where supplies of this kind arc
most demanded, and having certain hours in the morn*
ing and evening lor issuing to the needy. The man
agement of the sonn house appears to no conducted
carefully and efficiently by Messrs. Franklin'and
Johnson, with gn at k n lnoss to those who visit It, and
no less tho city of Cincinnati.
A New York Life-Insurance Agent Accused of
Drawing Relief' from the Aid Society and
Selling It for Costa.
A respectable gentleman with a wholesome hor
ror of fraud, presented himself in this office yes
terday for the purpose of having a rogue exposed.
He was very anxious -that-the- few .odd millions
of dollars received by the Relief and Aid Society
should ho properly expended. A single instance
of successful misrepresentation inode him sore at
heart. So sensitive a man ought to make no fur
ther inquiries. His name Is Bert Enonins, and
his story as follows: He lived at one time
in Grand Rapids, and there became
acquainted with the agent for a life insurance
company of New York—a man named Howard.
On the Sunday of tho fire, Howard and his wife
paid Bert a visit, leaving two tranks at tho honso
of the latter on the North Side. When rents in
that vicinity went down to zero, the party moved
on the West Side, saving their property, Howard
comfortably rescuing his brace of trunks. When
the relief came pouring la, Howard thought his
opportunity had arrived, and present
ed himself be sre the Relief Society,
asking for shelter. He represented that
ho had rescued nothing but his tranks from tho
lire, which wnsan ingenious statement calculated
to create a feeling that before-the tiro he was a
millionaire. The Relief Committee sent their
visitors round, or said they did, and visitors re
ported favorably, otherwise Howard’s applica
tion would have-been unsuccessful. He received
teowortn of lumber to build a house, which he
subsequently sold for S7O. Having, by Juat rea
soning, erected an Imaginary house, ho
prepared to furnish it by application
for assistance at Plymouth Church. The good
soul sent a wagon for his furniture, reaping a
net profit of $25 upon it la half an hoar. He then
declared his willingness to leave for Indianapolis,
1 nt hotenJer-io trtedmawho won d noth* a' the
swindle longtr on his conscience cannot posit l rely
as*crt that he went thither. The moat painful
part of the etory appeared to bo that Howard
was a good looking man. and weighed fully
200 pounds. Add to this hia unfortunate faculty
for telling a right good story, and his success
and our. informant's doletalness are faUv ex
plained* _
To (ht Editor of The Chicdgo Tritmnc.
8IB: The wrath of God may bo appesMd J>y
penitence and prayer, but it la clear that baa
little control over tho weather or the wind—over
such long-continued drouth aa occurred before tho
great Chicago fire, or over such *a gale, aa blew
during the fire—bat it man. cannot bend, the laws
of Nature to hia will, ho can conform to or act in
hannony with them—ho haa a perfect control over
such material as nature haa furnished him with
to build hia houses and cities, and their durability
will depend on tho kind of material he uses ana
mode of construction: If ho t eiil build cities of
such combustible materials as Chicago is mado of,
so inflammable that when once ignited there ore
no means os yet tarnished by science capable of
subduing tho flames, and walls so lofty and so
sum that they topple over whenever a nre comes
near them, it requires only such a drought, and
such a gale, with a spark by accident, or by de
signate inirn them up aa speedily and as com
pletely as Chicago was burned up.
The so-calledyfre-proo/buildings,— lf they were
not quite deserving the name-stood the lire htlUr
than any other buildings near them, and tho war
they were put to tho test, and acted, forms a les
son to builders, not easily attainable by other
means, and too costly to bo forgotten. Tho stones
crumbled, and tho iron pillars and beams bent
like rainbows by tho heat, but the brick walls
when of sufficient thickness stood the flto, and are
still standing. These holdings show clearly that
brick is the best material for a building Intended
to bo fire-proof— and if tho walla had boon built of
hollow bricks, cr partly built of such-having f:w
JOHN McDEVXTT.
THE SOUP HOUSE.
ALLEGED
Clay Tile* far Booth and Floor*.
cofump* of air running the length of each brick,
such a non-conductor would hare Rtoppedthe
heat,* or so modified it that it would hare been,
harmless.' Bach hollo w bricks can bo made by the
million as easily as common bride, and sola nearly
as cheap. They hare been used, in England for
some-years, partly for economy and to Insure a
dry wall, os well os to equalize the temperature of
atmosphere inside, for hollow bricks stop the cold
of winter 'as well ‘as the heal of summer.
Their introduction- into this country .wofild
bo invaluable* where both are extreme
Hollow of the form mentioned*, ore the
Vi ry beat thing for building safe vaults, and to
keep the heat from injuring wooden beams or
joist. r
Another species of clay manufacture might, and
ought to be common here—that-is paving tUcs,”
made of suitable clay for flooring balls, stores,
or floors exposed to fire. The could be made or
namental, cream color, or black, to look like
stone or marble floors. There are several clays
around Chicago well adapted for making these
paring tiles, but, because wood is so cheap, I sup
pose they have not oome into use/ Another big
fire or two may bo necessary for that.
The chief cause of the fire spreading as rapidly
ns it did, over the very best buildings, was owing
tothenature of their roofs imdheavy cornices, and
whin we consider that these roofs were of soft
Sine shingles—of tar and felt, or tar and gravel,
n, etc., and that large boards in flame were car
ried by the wind and alighted on these roofs, al
ready warmed by the heat, and dried by months
of broiling sun, It would nave been a miracle if
they hadnof burned as rapidly as they did. Slate
is recommended for roofs to prevent fires. They
make a good roof, but are laid on
wood, and the slate-covered Mausard roofs
here* afforded no protection: but if
a tile.ef clay, well burned, and of the-proper
thickness, were laid on iron, a fire might be kin
dled on it without injuring it, and neither the heat
of summer, nor cold of winter has any effect on
the tiles. Such tiles can be manufactured here
where good clay Is found,‘and atlesscost than
elates can bo got.
There seems to be some inconsistency in the
municipal authorities forbidding wooden walls to
bo built, and'allowing tar and felt roofs within a
specified lline. It is, perhaps, difficult to state
what the exact condition of a perfectly fire-proof
building ought to be, but if wo suppose one en
tirely constructed of brick, floored with tiles, and
roofed with the same, we approximate toward
such n condition, and the nearer to this condition
a house Is built, the loss would bfr the volume of
flame and heat it would give out (should its furni
ture take Are) to bum its neighboring houses, and
the easier subdued by on engine- Nature
kindly furnished an abundance of material all
around Chicago to build fire-proof houses, or, at
least, houses not easily set on fire; but its peo
ple, its architects, and builders have us yet not
thought proper to use them, J. F.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE GLOBE THEATRE.
Divorce’’ seems to bo one of the greatest of
dramatic successes, and is filling the Globe
with fine; audiences, from night to night, aa
scarcely any other play could do at the present
time. It improves vastly upon acquaintance,
although the most favorable first Impressions ore
invariably produced' by. it. In tholiandsofa
powerful cast, and produced with the most fitting
and elaborate' stage accessories, Divorce
could not fall of success anywhere. It moves
along more rapidly and smoothly in all respects
than during tho early days of its production at
the Globe, and the objections as to its extreme
length are In a great measure removed. With
tue curtain rising promply at a quarter before 8
p clock—and there should bo unfailing promptness
in this—the end is reached by about 11:15. thus
enabling people living ia all parts of theoity to
reach their homes by the street cars. It will bo
tbe aim of the management, this week, to so per
fect their working arrangements aa to still fur
ther reduce the length of the piece. It remains
on the bills until further riotico, and everybody
should see it.
THE WTNDHAM SEASON
begins on next Thursday evening at tho
Michigan Avenue Theatre, more familiarly
known as Standard Hull, on tho corner of Mlclii
gan avenue and Thirteenth street. During their
two weeks’stay tho Wyudhnm party will, pro
duce u rare collection of tho class of comedies in
which they,bare hitherto won so. warm a place
in the regard of the 'Chicago 'public. There are 1
many new people in the troupe, which is said to
have been materially strengthened since its last
appearance in this city. The theatre is being put
into a neat, comfortable, and attractive shape,
and a most enjoyable dramatic revival maybe
anticipated. The bill for the opening night in
cludes Progress,” one of Robertson’s last and
best, and 44 Woodcock’s Little Game,” Tho sale
of scats begins ou Wednesday next at tho Sher
man House, Bliss «k Sharp’s, and Cobb An
drews’.
THE 44 WEST SIDE OPERA HOUSE.”
Such is the name by which, henceforth, is to bo
known that whichwas formerly Rico Jackson’s
Hall, situated on West Randolph street, between
Jefferson and Desplaiucsstreet, with tho entrance
on Randolph, near Jefferson. Sam Myers, late of
MeVickor's Theatre, has been busily engaged in
effecting the transformation from Rico Jack
son’s Hall to the West Side Opera House, and has
succeeded, by various alterations and improve
ments, in converting it inloouo of thenoatestuud
cosiest of theatres, with a seating capacity for
over seven hundred people.- Tho Opera House is
to be occupied by Arlington’s Minstrels, a now
combination organized especially ‘for this xmr-.
pose, with Sam Myers ns active manager, ami
Mr. Rcdffcld, alsolatcof MoVicker’s, as Treasurer.
The troupe consist© of many people unknown
In Chicago, but said to bo of tho very highest
order of talent. Time will tell, for Chicago will
support none other than a first-class minstrel en
tertainment. For tho matter of that, howoverj it
is altogether unlikely that Mr. Myers would iden
tify himself with anything short of a first class
organization. Arlington, an old Chicago favor
ite, and one of the best iu tho business, heads tho
Hat as 44 end man” and comediuu, with Billy
Reeve for the other 44 end,” and Sam. Price (also
favorably known in Chicago), Clark Gibbs, Q. W.
Mills, and Johnny Booker a©comedians; and
Morton and Manning (not Billy) song and dance
men- The singing list includes Wm. Scott, lead
ing tenor; A. W. Hamilton, baritone; Walter
Phillips, basso; and JbhnStout and Horace Bout
well, balladists. The orchestra will be under the
lead of John Blcbl, late leader at McVicker’s, and
is to be handed down to posterity* as “Bichl’s
Little Pliillmrmon c Orchestra.” It U expected
that the season will open one week from to-moi
row night.
THE LEG runs PROSPECT.
What wo lackln-musiopl andrtboatrlcul enter
tainment, this'Winter,-promises t6 ho largely
made up by lectures. Tho West Side Star
Course wua inaugurated with tremendous suc
cess, last week, at the Union Park.*
tionalcburoh, an audience numbering twenty
live hundred, being present. Fifteen hundred
course tickets have been sold, and tho financial
part of the scheme wonld seem to bo assured.
There should bo no misgivings as l to the literary
part, with such au array of tnjhnt as Geo. Wm.
Curtis, Dr. JT G. Holland,Wendell Phillips,
Mark Twain. Thos. K. Beoclinci Fred.* Douglass,
Prof. Jus. E. Murdoch, P. EITDu Challlu, and
LilianS. Edgartpp.
—For the fcouth 6ido Btar Coarse Do Cordova,
tho humorist, lectures I to-morrow evening,
in the Michigan Avenue Baptist Church,
having for’ his subject Tho Sham
Family at Home.’* He is followed, one
week later, by Ralph Waldo Emerson; on the 4th
of December Dr. John Lord, the great British
lecturer—subject;“ Savonarola;" on thellth of
December, 1 Elizabeth Cady Stanton—subject,
The Coming Girl.;” the course to close on the
isth of December with a lecture' by Mark Twain.
TIIK TUUMkKUAU. CONCERT.
Vaas and his old North Side Turner ilall orches
tra have established themselves for Sunday- af
ternoon concerts at the'.Turnor Hall Norwarts,
on West Twelfth street.- The programme this af
ternoon, beginning at 3 o’clock, is as follows
1. Victorv March.....' Bllso’
2. Concert Overture... iioinsdort
3. Waltz—Beauu.n Jihluo.. .....Keler Bela
4. Potponn I linmorosque Ricde
5. Concert Solo for Clarinet., Kal levoda
6. Fantasia—Water Pictures e. Bach
7. Overture to Yelva...— ~Reisslger
8. Potjx uni—TlfelnPatia Offenbach
9. Gallop Bos Sirens Neumann
i THINGS TO !CO SL3-' .7
McViekcr, is head over cars m tho labor of
clearing away tho ruins of his magnificent
theatre, preparatory, ashe'haa concluded, to tho
erection, on the same site, of another almost ex
actly like it in all respects. His professional
brethren, especially the wealthier star actors,
have come forward-with-.generous tenders of
capital, and thq .rebuilding.la.to be
vigorously pushed.
From all accounts; Mr. Hooloy still holds to
hia intention of erecting an opera houseontho
corner of Wabash, avenue and Monroe streets.
On die that the money is ready with which to"
rebuild Colonel Wood’s Museum on the old site
as soon as the division of tho Kingsbury estate
shall be effected.
Whose is m
R. H. nooicy writes from Brooklyn* under date*
of November 13, that ho has effected a lease of
Simpson’s Museum, in Philadelphia, for John
Hboiey and Frank Aiken, who .will conduct
the ostabl shmeut while R, M. Hooley devotes hia
attention to tho erection of his Chicago opera
house, mentioned above. Tbe letter states that
Colon< 1 Wood reached Philadelphia Just too late
to secure the Museum. Per contra, a despatch
was. on yesterday, received from Colonel wood
to Mr. Marsh, Treasurer of the Glob© Theatre,
stating that tho Colonel had secured Simpson's
Museum, although having to contend against
great opposition.” It was Colonel Wood's in
tention t> use the-Philadelphia institution -os-a
means of collecting a stock of museum curiosities
with which to fill his uew Chicago Museum when
it shall have been built. In view.'however, of tho
conflicting accounts, the proprietorship of Simp
son's Mdseum had best remain an open question
for the present.
ESTIMATES OF LOSSES.
Information of a Comparative Nature—Some
•f xtae Losses Sustained by Various Branches'
of Industry*
An estimate of the losses sustainedbythe vari
ous departments of industry by the fire, would,
if accurate, bo most valuable, but no exact fig
ures can possibly- be ascertained. From tho sub
joined approximate.estimate, hdwever, very
much valuable. information of a comparative
nature, may be gathered. They give, at all
events, a fair statistical idea of the proportion of
losses incurred by each branch o t trade, etcj
Dry
Groceries ..2,452,500
Clothing boose* 1,911,000
PtatlOUtrs, blank books. 4c... 1,110.000
Jew e’leia, watches and clocks. ~^,T,. 3 ss&ooo
-Hardware. i I^AOOO
Millinery.....** i.kxxooo
Hot els-*.. 1.210,000
Church societies and corporations.... 4,240,000
City property 1,005,030
Bkorcode:..:. iooo.oDo
Boots and shoes. *75.000
Drugs, paints and 0i15...,; d,ooo
Books BSt-(W
BidfS and leather....--. 4?WW>
Restaurants, saloons, Ac 523,000
Furniture 512.000
Mmle dealers
.Bats, caps and furs...--
Glassware, crockery, «c ia,ooo
Auctioneers 305,090.
Tailors and outfitters..l7B,ooo
Commissions, ic.*.*-*»****— 123,000
Thin does not give the losses on real estate, lum
ber coal, and many other things, nor does it
pretend to state’ personallosses, accurate Infoc'-
matlon of which never pan be obtained. It merely
gives the proportions, and win probably be found'
to err very little in that tegard. _~
Home Insurance Companies.
So (he Editor of The Chicago Tribune.
6ib: In a few remarks I communicated to you
a few-daysslnoe, with a view of placing the sub-,
ject ef insurance before your readers in Its true
light, and showing that the home companies,
which are, after all, the heaviest sufferers by the
late fire, are not censurable, but rather entitled to
our sympathy, I stated that the premiums paid
and received were for risks Incurred under onlirux’
ry circumstance 0 and that under ordinary circum
stances both the insured and insurer would caoh
have had their just expectations fulfilled. I
biiuwed that Urn rate of premium, paid xor soon a
riskas* that which occurred in Chicago should
have been at least fifty dollaYs on the hundred, in
i stead* of fifty cent*, and that an adequate pre
mium would not have been paid. I showed, also,
that there is not Insurance capital in America
sufficient to have paid-the loss suffered In
a single night In Chicago alone. I sold, also,
that insurance bus'nets appears to be a neursdty,
and If a necessity capital must be and
if employed it cannot be obtained without the ex
pectation of receiving a reasonable reward for its
me. I showed that, by long experience of the
Eastern companies, the average-profits had been
only from 7to 10 per cent. I should have added
tfcai this profit was obtained under a higher rate:
of premium than was recently obtained, and that
for the last year or two but very few companies
have made even that profit. My object has been
to place the subject or insurance in a proper light
before the people, and to direct public attention
in the right direction; for an evil, fully under
stood Is ulready half cured. The great fact Is,
that losses of the most serious character
have been sustained for which no ade
quate relief has been provided, and
the problem la, can security against a similar
calamity be devised f I have said that Insurance
ia deemed a necessity, and, if so, there must bo
found men or corporations willing to incur the
risk and parties willing to pay the premiums
required.: Against ordinary risks the rate of
premium bos been ascertained, from long experi
ence, to be about that demanded by insurance
companies in years post, and paid by. those de
siring to-bo insured. but It has most sadly been
demonstrated that- it was not enough to insure
against such on all-pervading conflagration as has
been visited upon us. Is it wise or prudent to
provide against a similar calamity in tne future!
To some extent it certainly is, and all that can
reasonably be done surely should be undertaken
to accomplish tho object. No person could afford
to give the half of his property to insure the
other half, and insurance companies would not be
Justified in asking such premiums, for although
this great calamity has once In the history of our
country occurred, it is not likely to occur annu
ally, or probably again in tho annals of tim-% and
.there would be, under existing laws and prac
tices, no ae unity or safety: to the assured If he
should pay it. The premiums would pass into
the hands of the stockholders, and bo divided
among them, and nothing bo loft but the capital
of the-company to meet the loss.
I have previously; stated that the expense of
conduotlnglnsurancd averages about SO to 33 per
cent. Thoso expenses are at least 10 per coat
more than they should or need lie, but for tho
Srnctice of giving tho placing of insurance to so
cltors, who receive from 10 to 25 per cent of the
gross amount paid for insurance. I have not the
evidence before me of tho amount p*ld annually
tor iusurance, but think it would be perfectly
safe to say that It is over $300,000,000. and
10 per v cent upon this amount would be
$30,000,000 annually. Then there *re companies
that divide largo dividends annually, a largo
portion of which they should bo compelled to
keep-os a surplus fund to meet extraordinary
looses. It has been found almost Impossible to
dispense with solicitors, although many ex
pedients have been devised to accomplish tho ob
ject but there should be stringent laws passed to
prevent tbe loss to tho public of tho vast amount
paid to solicitors which the insured virtually
throw away, by employing solicitors to do what
they should, for their own interest, do themselves.
Thousands upon thousands of men are engaged
in soliciting insurance, who are thus worse thaa
uselessly employed, and who might devote their
talents and energies for the- benefit of their fol
low-men, while they are now fattening upon tho
follies of those who desire to insure their prop
erty, and I would suggest the propriety of a law
which should render any policy given
through solicitors absolutely void. I think
this is tho only effective remedy for this
fTafevil. As it is absolutely necessary that a
rge amount of capital should bo invested In this
department of business, I would suggest that no
company should* be permitted to do insurance
business without an actual paid-up capital of
tooo,ooo. and that they should be compelled to in
vest all their profits over 7 per cent per annum
as a surplus fund, to be loaned on real estate ia
the county where the money is earned, at 7 per
cent per annum. This would, in a very few years,
constitute an immense fund, by which tho public
would ultimately be secured oven against such a
calamity as we have recently suffered. If my
views are correct, then the home companies
should have our sympathy instead of condemna
tion and if my opinions are well-founded as to
tho cause and enre of tho evils wo have enffered,
and under which wo still labor, I shall have at
least succeeded in directing tho public mind in a
channel quite different from that in which it now
appears to run. I consider tho subject one of
grave importance, deserving all tho thought that
an unbiassed public sentiment can devote to It,
until the evil is surmounted or rendered as little
oppressive us possible.
I believe that homo companies.Jproporly organ
ized. would be safest and best, because they
would bo more immediately under legal control,
and their surplus funds would naturally be in
vested in our county, and within the reach of
thoso who might suffer and require its benefits.
The Coat of Chancery Proceedings*
to the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir I have read with much interest tho discus
sions iu your pa per and other city dallies upon
tho subject of our loud titles, and as several of
the writers on tho subject have stated that no
suggestion that can be made would bo entirely
valueless, permit mo to state some nows’of my
ownuppn this subject, in which 1 shall endeavor
to Impress upon your readers 'he necessity of se
curing such legislation as will, to a great extent,
relievo property-owners from going into chan
cery, and tho economy of the purchase by tho
"county of the abstract books.
Tno various forms of legislation, by which It is
proposed to throw ol*. our titles into chancery,
have been quite fully discussed, and tho attention
of the public C'Med to the- enormous expcrues
which would thus be entailed upon the real estate
owners of this county. But the writers upon this
subject have dealt only in two generalities. Per
haps none have curotully investigated this sub
ject. Permit me, therefore, to present to your
readers, through the columns of your paper,-
some calculations upon tho subject, based upon
an extensive acquaintance with the record evi
dences of title which wo have lost.
There are In this county at least 150,00) distinct
and separate chains of title, many, of course,
having a common origin, but separating at some
point, ocyond which interests arts wholly severed.
Avast ma\jorlty of tho owners of real estate
are almost entirely Ignorant of their titles, and
comparatively few are possessed o* the evidence
to establish them. Yet nearly all arc well assur
ed, by tho frequent, examinations to which those
titles have been subjected, that they ore substan
tially good.
In order to the preparation of tho necessary
Srelhuinary papers m any proceeding to obtain a
ecree to quiet a title-, recourse must be had to
the abstract books,-that a chain of title, aa shown
by them, may bo laid before the attorney who is
such papers. My estimate, based
upon experience oi the average cost' of such q
title, would be atleasß#oo/
It is not to ho supposed that any respectable
and competent lawyer would attend to so delicate
a proceeding os the Investigation of a title of any
considerable length, and obtain a deorco under
even tho most simple plan-that can be desired,
for a Small fee, but we will suppose that tho av
eragb .charge would not exceed S3O. The costs to
ber paid to clerks. Sheriffs, and other sfllocrs in
each case would not bo less than s2o.' The cost of
thepubllcation-of-notice, reduced to a very low
estimate, say S2O more; then to all this must bo
added the charges attending the search after and
obtaing'evidence, and many other expenses which
the unfortunate litigant always finds charged to
Urn.
To recapitulate; Admit that only one hun
dred thousand of these -titles will be adjudicated
in the next few years, we have this startling ex
hibition:
100,000 claims of title at S3O each.,
Attorney’s fees in each case $60..
Fees of clerks and others at
Printers. lees at £2O ea h
Making a grand total of expenses, of which we
can ruaku some estimate, of $12,000,000
Then we must remember, that .this expense
-would not bo distributed according to tho voluo
of*thc lot or parcel of land,-but rather in pro
portion to the length and complicated value of
thctitlo sought to fnc.quieted, .and.all who are
familiar with titles in this country, will agree
with, mo, that as a‘general TUle the titles of
cheaper outside, property, in the city aro longer
and more complicated, than that of tho more
valuable portions of the city.
.‘.‘But,” says the author of a proposed enact
ment on this subject, no one whb'uid not ohooso
would bo compelled to have his title adjudicated
.upon. Those who are In possession of their prop
erty under a title which they know to rbo good,
need only to remain in possession, and none can
disturb them.” Pi oih what we know of tho char
•actar of our people, and their present want-of
money wit h which to improve their property, can
we suppose that this remedy of quiet possession
wilt satisfy any considerable number! There is
saurcelv a lot-owner in Cook Coanty who is not a
real estate speculator to this extent—tliat ho ex
pects to sell his possession as soon as ho cun
secure the ever-expected advance, Nearly
all owners of land in the burnt district must
also borrow money, with which to rebuild. Sup
pose then ho other way is provided for the
restoration of the lost evidence of title than a
decree quieting such title, every man who wished
to sell ms property or borrow money wonld bo
compelled by nts vendee or mortgagee to obtain
such a decree before tho purchase price would bo
paid or tho money loaned upon tho offered securi
ty. What, then, Is the remedy! I approach this
branch of tho subject with the greater diffidence'
because of my lack of legal knowledge, but that
lack must be my excuse for any blunders I may
“make.*
your readers have been informed, a groat many
times, of tbe existence of tho abstract books pre
served by various firms, and the letter of Air.
Hoard to Mr. Arnold, published with that honor
able gentleman’s letter In your issue of a few
morning's since, has informed the public of what
tho>e books contain.
Itxnay betrue, os suggested In your editorial
of Thursday mo-ning*, that they do not, in tbe
cases yon have mentioned, show enough to ea
..tabUsa orprove the title, though even in many
such cates they do show enough, but these titles,
resting upon sales under Judgment or decrees of
coumnnde by the executive officers of such
courts, or by Trustees or others under powers of
sale in wills, trust deeds, .etc., form but a small
proportion of the titles in the coanty.
I believe that I can, confidently affirm, that if
these abstract books should he purchased'by the
county and made evidence to the extent of the in
formation contained- in- them of the contents of
the lost records,. the. vast majority of our titles
wonld rest in perfect security, and the confidence
of the people m them would prevent any check
being given to our vast real estate business.
Any other evidence now In existence might be
perpetuated under our present lawsy.or the pro-,
cess might be somewhat simplified to meet the
present exigency. Tho roles of evidence might bo
so changed that upon proof being made of tho ex
istence of a deed executed, by an officer under
Judgment or decree, or by a Trustee, the presump
tion should be raised that such deed was made in
pursuance of a legal Jndgnient,jlccreo, or power
of sale (not, I think, too great a stretch of
tive power). A law establishing a short and
sharp limitation would afford great relief and
would, in nearly all cases, .work substantial jus-
only add, thai'the estimate above given
of a cost of a general litigation of titles is rather
understated than overstated, but I trust others
will Investigate tho subject and state their con
clusions through the columns of the papers.
Chicago,Nov.is.
Chicago tho Fire.
prom the Bhiffltm (Ind.) Banner, Nov. 1A
The Court Housu was literally crammed with
our people, on Monday evening, to hear a descrip
tion or the destruction of the Garden City of the
West, from one who.has been for several years a
resident of Chicago and was an eye-witness to
the terrible conflagration. The known reputa
tion of Dwight Klinek, Em., and .the sympathy
for the stricken city, which even yet fills every
breast, drew forth tho better portion of the com
munity. Thespeakercomcwncedhis discourse by
a brief yet comprehensive exhibit of the greatness
of Chicago before the fire, and then, told of tho
quick destruction of that greatness. His story
was Intensely Interesting and oxciting, audit
wastold in that forcible and eloquent manner for
which ho is noted. Klinok’s descriptive powers
are very great, and when applied to this absorb
ing theme, it is not wonderful that his hearers
wished the bour-and-a-half would lengthen to
;wlcc that time.
CKW REAL ESTATE.
FOR BALK—VERY CHEAP LOTS IN DESIRA
bIo, localities at prices that will not fall to satisfy
pnrchasei*, Twcnly-one lots on West Lake, Ran
dolph, and Washlngton-sts; 2510ta tear HaJsted and
y l ßeventh Btß r a T °ry low prices 33 lota on Hal.
seast, near tho Sontti Park boulevard: 1 30-feet
Catt *s® «wvo.av. r near Droxel-av. and
Forty-nrst-st; 2 lot* on iJorgan-st, near Sixteenth
Bt,ln a business neighborhood. Also a very deslra-
We property on Fullonst, ,60x170 feet, with non t*on
two street,mutable for manufacturing nnrpoaes. Abo
a fine biiMness property West KAadolpb.st.be.
tween Peeplalncs and
on ,J lv lm:t8 opposite tko market Frame houses
13C3 r 13BS, 1367, 13G», and 1371 Michigan-ov.. with bams,
n *s JUSiln drptb, and houses 1336, 1333,
aDl l}? B 2.**i clli g* nav *lU»ort bj-nxs. 3 vacant loti
Thirty-HliUl-
For sale— wabash-av% s feet and so
feet, between azatTwenty-second-Bta.*
cheap.- Southwest corner Thirtv.6x>«t and Butterfield*,
ste ,35x100 feot to an alley at a aucriJice. Property In
the burnt district on tbo semh JH«b on the principal
business streets. J. HENRY WBEt* southwest cor
ner State and Hanison-sta.
ISOR BALE-*3,000 WILLBiTY FHE 15-ROOM
J-nse, Wira lot 301100, itrso. iM'WMt Klazle
anltebrt lortraalocM. e. H. CDIDTEfSS. GO3 rJ
ton-et.
FOR 3ALE-3CTFEET CORNER OTPOLK AND
Desplaihes st. ftr manulactliriiig. on terms to suit
as Union Ihsuraac© antitrust C6v *7 West
FO R SALE—RUSiNESS PROPERTY IN THE
burnt district; residences ananadntpiu rod?proper-
ST* Partlea seeking Investments are resperiSußy re-
Fok sue-the elegant eeick HOTJBE MS
Michlgan-av. Oneof themoethandsomelyCbtsiiM
2.°PslfS iu'Chicago. Terms very easy. FRED L.
FAKE A CO.. 540 Mlclilp>nJiff.~
F°R OR TO RENT—THE HALB-OP
Litemry Association
olavanska Llpa, No: u and 78 West Taylorat
IJero Is a complete scenery for thec.tro.valM very
good for concerts. Inquire at 528 South
BEST RESIDENCE LOTS IN
l? 910n °9 Orchard and Sopfais-sta. Fire
rears credit given and cash advanced to build. Pkrv
•ke® wrm&tlzis; homesteads should call on'BALDWIN
«t DA\ Is, 51 South Hal^ted-st.
FOR SALE—AT A BARGAIN—ONE OP THE
best built and most convenient houses in Cottase
House Veryeasy J* C. McOORD, DougSs
FOR BAEE-20X12D ON STATE-ST.. OPPOSITE
the new Palmer Hotel; will lease for 2D years; no.
revaluation. Address B. GROSSMAN, l2oEUis-av.
For sale—on madison-st., near la
-6Mle,!ot3oxl9°feet;also, lot SWWOO foet/Nonb
Pretty- Apply to JOS. R. BICKER
DITE. SJQ W abash-av., or 51 HaJ^tMst..
FOR SAXE—GOOD AND CHEAP LOTS ON THE
sw o. on Arnold, Butterfield. Bnddan..Gar
ldiV^TT^3'^;rUl Twenty-seventh;
Twenty-elrtith, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, and
also, on Wf-ntworth, Wallace, and Shurtlelf.
ave. Five rears, atß percent. No advance in price,,
though snch lots must double In value. The increased
demand for building lots near where so many tons of
millions must be paid lor labor, will advance the price
ofsnchlota. The old price*, and very easy terms.
ALBERT CRANE, 872 Wabash-av.
Fob sale—tors of any eequired size.
in either division of the city, ’or manat actnrtng op
.residence; purposes, on long lime, without cash pay
?-T-2iv, t llP art^a v h° ’rt-nh to Improve Immediately.
g NYI)FIt «t LEE, Real Estate Agents, Room H Nli
on Ballfling, northeast cor. Monroe and LaSalle sea.
1?OR SALE—RIVER LOT. I*o FEET FRONT, ON
the South Branch, by about 200 feet deop, near
Twellth-st. Very easy terras, or would exchange for
S&SS&'I? P l burnt district, and pay difference.
LEE, Real Estate Agents,. 14 Nixon
Braiding, northeast comer Monroe gad Lasallo-sts
For sale—ko feet on the southeast
coram: of Bober and Taylor-sts.; price S6O, on
time. L. H. ROBINSON, R00m9,45 Canabst.
FOR PALE—A FINE LOT. 80x125 FEET on
Park-av„ between Horne and Leavltt-sta., north
front; terras easy. J. CAMPBELL. 1491 Pralrle-av.
For sale-or lease—the whole or
port of my lot (Soxlo7j feet) north* -st corner
Madison and Wella-sts. .Also to sell, or exchange (or
property in tho burnt district!; my suburban dwelling,
with from 10 to no acres, a* desired. See advertise
ment in another column. THOS. B. BRYAN. Fidelity
Safe Depository.
"C*OR SALE—(COO CASH WILL BUY THE COT-
J tape 11? Fonrth-av. Apply at 792 West Lake-at.
FOR SALE-COTTAGE OF 7 BOOMS, GAS
water and sewer; lot 30x105, on West Madison
st.,- near Aahland-av. A. DORATHY, 339 Stalest,
eecondlloor.
IPOR SALE—A FINE BUSINESS LOT ON WEST
MadlNon-st, near llaisled-at.. 30x1 £O, two fronts,
at a bargain. A.-DORATHY, £B9 Stato-st, second
llcor.
T?OR SALE—(I,I76 EASY- PAYMENTS, WILL
X buy a beautiful, bran now cottage and largo lot
near Thlrty-llrst-st, In pood neighborhood. See owner,
corner Foity-Ufth-st and Cottage Grove-av.. on Satur-
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE,
nicely finished. In Englewood—cheap, for a few
dnys. THOMAS B. EDWARDS, 525 State-at
FOR SALE-OR RENT, IN EVANSTON,
North Evanston, and Glencoe, booses of from 5 to
10 rooms, at low figures. Prices from. $1,300 to 85,500.
Rents from (to t0“835 per month. Monthly payments
will bay a home. O. -E. BROWNE, Room 13, No. S4
Canal-st
COUNTRY REAI* ESTATE.
For sale-cheap, and on easy terms,
to close an estate, a first-class residence, and grain
elevator, doing a largo business. In boat pat t of HU
nole. Price, (15.000. Address G. H. EDWARDS, Lan.
ark, Carroll County, 111.
OR BALE-A GOOD IMPROVED FARM OF lt»
acres, 32 miles from Chicago. Is well timbered,
with house, barn, granary all enclosed.- Terms easy.
Address SINNOTTT BROS:. Barrington. lU.
FOR SALE—CHEAP-A GOOD HOUSE OF
8 rooms, with aj acres ef rich ground, well fenced,
cellar under the house, well of good water, and lots of
sniflllfrnlt trees, situated In tho pleasant town of
Crystal Lake. Pr»cos7,loo. Inquire of E. LIPPIN
COTT, No. 69 Jndd-st, *or C. E. FRISBIE. Crystal
Lake.
OR SALE—SO-ACRES OF LAND IN BUTLER
Connty. lowa, cheap for cash or city property.
Apply to &OPT. OEMMILL. 122 Barber-st
Via'dkx.
REAL estate wanted.
"\VTANTED—REAL ESTATE IN BURNT DIB.
“T trtctfor customers, to buy or lease. Owners of
property please cay at d leave agenev with ns. Par
ties having unoxplred leases to sell of business prop,
city In bnmt district, will And purchasers by calling
onPOTWiN «fe CORBY, Real Estate Agents, 215 East
Jia.lson-fit,
WANTED— TO BlTi’ OR LEASE FOB A TERM
of years, a largo lot for manufacturing purposes;
either ast or west of the rlror, and north of Twelfth*
bU and east of Hoisted. Address E. N. FAY. Real
Estate Dealer, 123 West Washlngton-st,
"WANTED—FOR SALE-ALL THE CHEAP COT*
1 1 logos and lots, and cottages and leases, in the
.West Division that owners are willing to sell cheap,
and on easy terms. Scores of applicants desire
monthly payments. E. B. BOWEN SON, 15
Centre av. _
AGENTS WANTED.
Agents, wanted—for the history of
the Great Conflagration: Chicago, its Past.
Present, and Future.” The origin, progress
and results of the Great Chicago Conflagra
tion graphic. sconce, incidents, and details of
the disaster; list or the principal hankers, manufac
turers. and merchants who aro losers; a complete pic
ture of Chiu.jo, before and after the fire; the trade
and commerce of Chicago, and details of its municipal
afl&lra, and the great tires of the world. By Gee. P.
Upton and James Sheaham Editors oi The Chicago
Tribune, a book ot about 400 pages, illustrated by the
best artists, and will bo worthy the confidence of
all. Will be sold exclusively by subscription. A cents
wanted in every town. Andress UNION PUB.
LISHING CO., 185 Twenty-sccond-at, Chicago, HI.
.$3,000,000
6,000,000
2,000,00
2,000,000
AGENTS WANTED sl2 TO $34 A DAY, IN
every county in the United States, to sell a newly
patented article of great utility and absolutely needed
in every household. For farther particulars address
THE CHAMPION MANUFACTURING COM
PANY, Cleveland, O.
Agents wanted—siso a month i -employ
menti Extra inducements! A premium horse
and wagon lor agents. We desire to employ agents
for a term of seres years to sell the Buckeye S3O Shut
tle Sewing Machine. It makes a stitch alike on both
side®, ana is the beet low-priced licensed machine In
the world. W. A. HENDERSON A 00., Cleveland,
0., or St. Louis, Mo.
Agents wanted—in every, town .and'
county to sell the latest And most novel Invention
for marking linen, books, cards, etc. Bend for circular
to A. M. RICHARDSON, General Western Agent, 122
South Sangmmon-st, Chicago.
Agents, wanted-in every county in
the Northwest, male or female, to canvass for an
elegant chromo picture; site. *17x22 Inches. Samp’©,
with Rplendld walnut and gilt frame, sent on receipt
Of $2.50. worth $5. B. R. T.ANDON, AGENT, NO. 8
Lind.Block-
AGENTS WANTED—TO SELL PICTURES AND
maps showing burnt district. Send 25 cents and
receive sample* and terms to agents. B. R, LAN*
DON, Agent, No. 8 Und Block.
AG ENTS WANTED—EVERYWHERE FOR THE
Home of God’s People. The grandest and most
successful now book oat. One agent took 114 orders In
10 days. Our circulars (sent tree) will give full partto
ulan, terms, etc. Address M. A. PARKER a CO.,
152 South Morgan-eh. Chicago. IE.
WANTED TO KENT.
WANTED-TO RENT-HOUSE ON SOUTH
Bide, north of Twenty-second-st. Bent not to ex.*
coed S9OO. Address WX, Tribune branch, 469 Wabash-
WANTED— TO RENT-FOB SELF AND WIFE, 3
ors- unfurnished rooms -for housekeeping; oa
West Side, within -walking distance of Board of Trade.
Must be in respectable and pleasant neighborhood.
Address, with terms and location, JlG,Tribune
office.
TITANTED—TO RENT-FURNISHED ROOM
TT with fire, with or without board on South or
West Side, nnvenient to c business. Address, with
terms, TELLER. 454 Wabash-av-
WANTED— TO RENT—A HOUSE OF 6TO 9-
rooms on West Side, not over four blocks from
streetcars. Rent not to exceed 840. Address W L,:
caie JOHNSON, CLARK CO., 247 West Madi
son st.
TUT ANTED—TO RENT—ALL THE COTTAGES
Tt and suites of rooms for housekeeping In the
West Division that holders ore willing to rent reasona*
bJy to goed tenants. Send full written description,
pnoe, and terms, to R. BOWEN SON, 15 Centre’
aw-'
TTTANTED—TO RENT—ON THE WEST SIDE, A
house of 7 or 8 rooms, with barn, or privilege to
build ttable.' Address ADVERTISER, with price,
«tc.. 730 Cottage Greve-av.
WANTED— TO RENT—ONE OR TWO UNPUR
nlsbed rooms, with use.of kitchen. Address
ROOMS. Tribune office.
i FOR RAXiK.
XX>R SALE—STEAM FIRE ENGINE FOR RALE
JT The Decatur Fire Company of Philadelphia, tn
consequence of the organization of the Paid FlreDe
partment, offer for sale a second-class steam lire en
gine, built by: Neaffle A Levy, at Philadelphia. The
engine la in petter order than when first built, having
recently been, overhauled, repaired, and roll tied,with a
new set of composition tinea arid everything complete.
Only 82,500 cash. Address GEORGE F. BO VIE,
Attorney-at-Law. 4709 Frankford-av. Philadelphia.
FOR BALE—STOCK STOVES, HOUSE-PUB
nlshing. goods and tinware, with a set of tinners*
tools, all newand in good order; or will exchange for
shelf hardware and cutlery, at 198 and 198 West Kadi*
son-sk
For sale-lease op house, barn, and
lota No. 1618 Stalest, with or without bam; lot
fronts 140 feet, running back toßuthsldesk; house is
large, suitable for hotel or boarding house. Apply on
premises.
For bale-fire are _ burglar pro?*
safe. Can be seen at 483 Wabaah-av.. back office.
For sale—apples by carload _or
smaller .lots. In barrels. Address P. P* FOLTZ,
Abingdon, Knox County, Illinois. _
For sale—a bound jtile of the nation
si intelHgencer'frem-iSM to l|Bov In_good order.
Frnnlre of HUNT A CO., 47 West Lake-st.
Isuk svALE—A COMPLETE
cago Daily Tribune since the fire. Address J. C.
WA LLIP. FostOfflee.
partners wanted.
TVARTNEB wantbd-thb advertiser.-
J: havlngfSOO. is desirous of entering in some busl
ne«s with a party who has an equal amount of capital.
Tho best of references given and required. Address,
for one week, HOT, Tribune office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
OF TOBACCO. cigars, and
Sj.tdroo *nd lease of large store, with
Bent per Call at 2JLBIao
as 0 la UGH TE r and
rendering boose, tn complete running order near
MIES£ at
A LARGE SALOON AND BOARDING-HOUSE
lursaleal tbo North Branch Bolling MiilS. in.
quire at 124 North Canalst
A CIGAR AN D NEWS DEPOT FDR SALE—AP
at J&9 Line Iflland-arv,
A SHALL BUT COMPLETE RESTAURANT
for pale with fotr sleeping rooms, and every ood
nowdoing a good besiueas. Address j.
ROWE, Tribune offlek-
Adhmrable dry goods business fob
pale InXlnclnnati. of 18 year? standing, and doing
aeuccessfarbnsinees. A safe Investment for anyone
wisßing to enrage la business. For particulars ad»
CtactaaaU, O. or WILSON
QRUQ, 771 Broadway, N, Y.
Grocery and saloon for sale; horse;
tad wagon if required. Apply at WAuguata^at.
T U3IBER YARDFOR SAJLB-WB OPFBROUB
f.V 1 7 1 ortment of nine lumber, about
400,000 feet; with ogood stock of doors and' a%
SlnS w ,™JISf en ,t P’? 51 39 t0 recent ad
vance located in afcwn of about 2,000 Inhabitants t
Warren jj|* ayear Address N. BOOTHBY& CO.
TITOTICB TO
Av make awney- Fox'aale, rent or Isaac on good
f*T. o i?k-l e stty of ew Orleans, the well,
known Zeolys City Brjwery. with flrs&ilass bar-
Jpom attached, situated st tho comer of Magazine and
Delord-atA. right In the.Lfcan of the city. The build
-9® cjpeclahy fc? the business; and Is a finer
brick building, and in counters order, machinery and
everything. A ■jlan of the brewery f«n be seen and
also farther ana more satisfactory information oan bs
KonerOrforDfc
partment. Post Ofilce, Chicago, Hl
SALOON AND BOARDING-HOUSE FOR SALE.
No. 90 South ’Cllnton-Rt.,. on reassnablo terms,
naif real estate anTluUf cash, with long lease.
ififtOO AHASF INTEREST nrT'
vy genteel business that win pay that amount
per month., Apply ntfrso West Wawhtngtnn-sL. RoomL
PIPE CHIMNEYS PUT UP FOR
<5 cents per foot ii> one or two bourn, ornamental
chimney tops, various pstterps, concreting in all its
branches. Send for circular. Hyde Park Cement’
Pipe Works, Byde Park~
T|IVOBCES WITHOUT NEWSPAPER REPORT
JL/_loan, real estate, and common law hunlnrw
NEWELL PRATT, state and United States Attor
ney. 1124 wabash-av.
Divorces legally obtained for db>
sen'on. cruelty, Ac. Feo after decree. Scandal
avowed. Eight years’ experience. Adihese P- Ou
Box 1037
TTJST RECEIVED—LEONARD'S PATENT JET
V gas burners. tho first since the fire. Agents
LEONARD. 45 Canal-st
MRS. N. M. NELSON. DRESSMAKER, PROM
207 Ohlo-st., baa located at fis Warren ar., near
Union Pert.
TTfTIS. B. LONG, HONITON POINT LAOS
XIX manufacturer, can he found'at 4fio SUse-at.
■where she is prepared to do all kinds et fine lace
cleaning, repairing and transferring
PLUMBERS’ AND GAS-FITTERS’ TONQ3 RS*
paired at No. 72 Fouxth-at~ near Milwaukee-av*
AUGUST HIEBEUT.
ffUIE HIGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR OLD
X* books and libraries. Call or address the Ch*ai>
Boor Store. CHAPIN A CO., 562 Wabash-ar.
'\KT ANTED-rNOTA RY PUBLIC'S COMMISSION
J» at reasonable price. Address INSURANCE.
South Side Tribune office, <69 Vabash av.
inTANTED—A NOTARY’S COMMISSION. IP
It tor sale cheap. Address O O, care Tribune of*
\v anted—A man with a capital op not
11 less than (5,000, to take an active interest In the
manufacture of cane-seat chairs, at Indianapolis. Ind.
Business has been established for vears. and In good'
shape. Man must-bp capable of acting as salesman or
bookkeeper. A good chance to the right man. For full
particulars inquire of STOLL <t BARNES, 34 and SB
South Caaal-et., Room 1.
■WANTED—TO LEASE—FOR TERM OF YEARS
I’ ib burnt district, or not far from river cm West
Side; the rearportion of lots 50 or 75 feet on a good al
loy. Address CA S, Tribune office.
■WANTED-TO PURCHASE RETAIL DRUG
l\ store In Chicago or some thriving We«U>rn cltr.
with a good prescription trade. Address -Z P,M3»-
Thlrd-nv.
WANTED— BY A BUILDER-JOBS B C CON
tract, or on percentage; can furnish nlentv of car
penters, Address J: BALL, Sil Cottage Grove-av.
■WANTED—A 12-FOOT SHOW-CASE. WILL PAY
Ila fair price. Apply at once to DALE Jfc rtKI.
LAND. 1M West Madison-st.. corner Dcsplalnes-sL.
•WOOD AND COAL YARD FOR SALE—HAL
.II stfd-at., with scales, horses and wagon: doinga
good business.' Apply 2£2 West Taylor-at.
OQI7 K A MONTH, EXPENSES PAID—MALE
wO 1 u or female agents; horse and outfit furf
nished; bnslne&a new; olroulam tree. Address
yovvrTvrn. m*
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
A TEAM OF HEAVY DRAUGHT HORSES,
weighs 1200 »nd 1400, 6 and 7 years old. in good,
condition; also a double set of new harness, (orsaler
work for tho team at $5 per day. Apply at 430 Unica
st, near Twelfth. W. LUMSDEN.
A GOOD SECOND-HAND SHIFTING TOPBUG
gy and harness wanted low for cnaJu Apnlv to H.
F. jEnNISON, General Agent Equitable Life, 633
Wabash-av.
I?OB’ SALE—HORSES—TWO GOOD TEAMS,
cheap; also several good single horses at 55 ancL
57 South Hnlated-st, TILPEN dk EATON.
For. sale—a good horse and wagon,
cheap, inquire at So Waubansla-av., near the roll
ing mil).
FOR SALE—FOR *SS, FINE YOUNG HORSE,
years old, excellent saddle horse, sound and gen
tle owner has no use of him. 86 North Cllnton-st
FOIVBALE— A'FINE PAIR OF YOUNG MARES,
gooil nnder the saddle, and will- drive single also
for sale one single horse hnggy and' harness- Will ex
change for real estate. 990 Indlana-av,
FOR SALE—GOOD HORSE AND DRAY. WITH
teaming lor a wholesale bouse. Inquire at CIS
Btatr.Kt
For sale—stylish rig, patent- hub.
shifting leather-top bngey, now last April, ana
chcatnntiDare.harnessnmlblankets, worth #575, will
take $375. Address DW S. No. 823 Cottage Grove-av-
FOR 'SALE—fine horse-suitable for,
family team, express or teom work. Worth 1175;
sloowill take him. Sold for want of use. Apply an
WO ITatie-av.
Horse, harness, and delivery wagon
for sale; horse o years old and sound.* 2«0 WcaC
Bandolph-»t.
I want a good horse for his keeping
this winter to run to o small sewing machlno
wagon in the city. A. STONE, 423 Warren-av.
JUST RECEIVED AND FOR SALE BY BI.OOK
REN «fe SKINNER, six first-class draft mules l&fr*
hands high: four good mules 14fr hands high. All good,
workers. Can at once at 190 Twenty.sccond-at., corner
of State, for they moat he sold. Good title. No Stato
property.
TJITANTED—IO DOUBLE OR SINGLE TEAMS
It to haul cool.. Steady employment all winter. Ap
ply at No. 2 West "Van Burea-st. CHICAGO WIL
MINGTON COAL CO,
TTfTANTEIK-HORSB, BUGGY. AND HARNESS.
T Y N.F. MERRILL, .123 West WasMngton-st.
■fXTANTEp-HORSE AND BUGGY TO WINTER
T T for personal use of the same, or will pay some
thing. Address GOOD BARN. Tribune ofllce.
ANTED—A GOOD SECOND-HAND TRUCK
TT wagon. Any person having such lor sale will
find a purchaser by addressing M K, 133 West Van
Buren st-, Chicago.
"WANTED—A GOOD LIGHT EXPRESS WAGON
TT and harness, at CHILDS WEVL, &l West
Washington-st.
"fTTANTED—BUSINESS HORSE, BUGGY AND
n harness: must bo cheap. Apply to TILDEN A.
EATON. 55 and S7 South Hatetcd-st.
FINANCIAL
"SIDNEY TO LOAN ON HOUSEHOLD FURNI
-ITJL tnre, and pianos. Also, on watches, diamond?,
and silverware.. Same bought E. ROGERS, 157
West Monroo-at
TIfONEYTO LOAN ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES*
i.TJLplnnr*s, and other valuable personal property; th»
same bought. TUNNICLIFF, 422 .West Jackson-sL,
formerly 133 Doarbom-st.
TO LOAN-MONEY ON CHICAGO REAL Es
tate. O. S. HUBBARD, Jr., 70 South Caaal-st.
TO LOAN-MONEY IN SUMS TO SUIT ON
chattels and suburban lots. A. GOODRICH,
attorney-at-law, 355 We<?t-Madlson at. _
TTTANTED—POLICIES IN LAMAR. GARDEN
Jr CITY AND STATE INSURANCE COM
PANIES of Chicago. Highest cash price paid, and
latest Information furnished. SHUFELDT «fc BALL,
Attorneys. 219 West Madlson-st.
TITAIfTED—I WISH TO INVEST A PEW"
tt Ihopsand dollars in the brick business. Any
party having a brick-yard in or near the city, aid
wishing to increase present business, please address
A. A. ENERGY, -fMState-st.
C*l nn AAA OFPOUICIES IN THE LAMAR
<IP-LVVsVV_V Insurance Company of Chicago
wanted by SHUFELDT «fc hail, Attorneys,
West Madlson-wt.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOBT-TAXEN FROM ISS michigan-av., ott
the day pf the fire, large sized opera glasses sil
ver mounted.: The finder will be rewarded if they are
returned to 1W South Park-av-
LOST— A LIBERAL REWARD WILL BE PA TIT
fur the recovery of a yellow packing trunk left
on thc.stdcwalk near Wabash-av., on Washlngton-sti.
the morning of the fire, containing papers and. other
articles of no value except to the owner. CARTEB A'
DRAKE,2I East Vanßnren-st.
T OST-450 REWARD. IF THE PERSON WHO
JU was seen taking a largo sized trunk, marked W. S.
Knight, Chicago, south on Michiganav., will return.
s»metAj. W. DOAN3A
above amount will be paid.
T OST—TWO TRUNKS FROM THE-STEPS OP
1 1 st. Mary’s Church, on the night of the fire. Ona
marked Maggie McKenny. and the Other S A D F.
Information dojlrcdht 174 West Madison-st. T
Lost— a fine red cow, -j tears old, ybd
low belli and brisket, small crooked horns, ear*
•notched. A liberal toward will be paid for her recov
ery by D. C. SCRANTON, 406 Mlchigauav-
Found— on Monday op great fire,
near Terrace Row. a picture. In heavy gilt frame*
marked on back, Likeness of a deceased wife.” Ad
dress LAMBERT, Tribune office. j_
STOLEN— ON THE MORNING OF THE 9TEC
of October,by a small sized Irishwoman,daring tho
great fire, on© carpet bag full of valuables, one. ctaolm
in woodoval frame, one bird cage, two bhfds,. bltcfc
and white wool shawL The person who took tho above t
articles Is well-known, and if immediately re turn ea to
No IST West Washlngtomst. no 'questions will .bo
asked.
C REWARD—ON MONDAY. OCT. 30, A TEL
tSO low Pkve terrier dog. answers to the name ot
qktn, ahert tail, ears short, but Jap down, had on
leather collar with silver plate/ also small padtoefc
Any oae returning him to 81 Twenty-fourth at. will
receive the above reward.
SEWING MACHINES.
JH. LBROW CO.. 142 WEST TWEUTHST
supply the celebrated Blees machines, with ALL
tbe extra attachments, at the regular price. Those
who lost their machine by the fire can have new ones
on old contracts.
gINOEB SEWING MACHINEJJFJTCH OP X N
WILKINS, formerly 131 Dear flora-st, now 197 HQ*
waukee-av. Machfnee sold on monthly Instalments*
and work given in payment, if desired*
Sufferers of the fire canbuy sewing
machines more reasonably than any whero la th»
city at the West Side Grover A Baker Sewing Machine
office,’426 Warren-av. New machines exchanged' for
old ones.
SAVE- $aXM—BUY THE WILSON SHUTTLE
Sewing Machine. The best In the world. Prica
845.00. Warranted for five years. Bold on ewv month
ly payments. Salesroom. 37S West Madlaoa-sk South
Side office. 377 South Park-av.
XXTEEIX 2TINA AND OTHER FIRST-CLA»
i» sewing waaMraj sold on easy monthly
menta, Work taken in payment. Machine «mr»nem
always on hand. W. F. BTICIKNEY.327 East Elga-
INSTRUCTION.
Evening school—enolish branchesj
of education taught at moderate rat 's. Aj»Wr«k
11 DePuyrttML
:ous.