6
THE LAW COTJET3,
Bee training a Dispossession—Attach
ment* Against a Brewery and
Hoofing Company.
After the Insurance Companies
—Covenant Broken.
OXEOTnT COOT.T.
RESTRAININ'? A IHfrOSSKSSION.
An injunction was sued out by Bennet Barnet
toreotmiu one Uavid Garrison from prosecuting
a certain .action at law. The action referred to
is a proceeding to dispossess complainant of a
part of the house No. 442 State street. Complain
ant claims that he has tendered the rent agreed
upon, which the defendant refuses to rcctivc, de
manding a larger sum.
ATTACHMENT AfIAINFT SANI»*B IIRKWERT.
An attachment was sued out against the Sand’s
Ale Brewing Company, by George ll.Lamberion,
who claims.'us an Indebtedness to blm for fifteen
Imlos of hops. the. sum of f1.027.a0. The plaintiff
chargee that the defendant i* about, fraudulently,
to conceal and dispose of its property to hinder
and dclav its creditors.
ATTACHMENT 07 A HOOFING COMPANY.
An attachment issued against the estate of the
Chicago Graiiiteßoolltig Company, at the suit of
George Gcoghans, who asserts a claim for
$702.5fl at one time, evidenced by a nolo alleged to
have Ikh'ii destroyed by lire. Uis charged of the
company that its olheers have departed flumoe,
ar.il that it is ulkuU to make such disposition of
il« properly as will hinder and delayitserodltors.
A>Ti:n iKsruANTB roMf.vNrns.
An injunction was sued out by William IT.
Holden, m restrain the Chicago Fireman's Insur
ance ('ompanv. and the Receiver appointed of its
oilivu* <O. 11. Horton), from transferring or no
collating notes of the complainant In Us posses
sion. The complainant alleges that he borrowed
or the eompanv $3,000, on the Ist day of December.
l.<y. evidenced as a loan by ten promissory
notes Itecnming duo at periods of six months, en
dorsed by Charles N. Holden, and secured by a
U ust deed on Lot IC, Block U, Duncan’s Addition.
Three ol the note? have since been paid, leaving
mi indebtedness whlon complainant desires
rhoold be ofiVer, so far as the amount extends, by
HU insurance policy upon which #9,000 for loss,
has t.ecotDf «lce to the endorser, X. Holden.
—A like J*lil was tiled airainH the kiuic defend
jm!R. bv Joseph I'. Brown, who, having becomo
debtor'to the Fireman’s Insurance Company for
s louii, f-ernrotl liytrud deed upiin Sub-lot 1. in
l.ot i:. iu Binek 7. Fractismsl Section l’». against
tlx- bah.nee of whirl! he seeks to have offset by
the M’Jo of due upon a pulley Lssncd to
cover tire vWk of tno building* No*. TiM aiul 2-Vi
South Clark tdrect.
ohknakt ujioKns.
All at lion of covenant iu-litu'.cd by William
Win lUurv and lUisUu K. Uati-Uey. Kd
waul Olcuvt-r. in which the damages arc
laid «l
ci.aims a
1 ili.-i <-dl ;i petition for a deed of Ibe vrest
r (;.1 -Mi; "11 M.uliwin, «f tli'i depth of the
T-ityi h-.u-: o; lot liloek t*i. School J*ec
ti; ii Addition. The defendant* are
jViittiu'Ti sv.v t and nife. Kinily. The com
iil-i r-.it? i*« the holr-al-hur of David (Jar
money. filu* alleges. paid for tin? prop
.y' j;.-% I.the fael thiil the patent issued
loJ-Kot.
ukvivud casks.
v, WiPhmi .T.‘ live; lb
mat;-!. N-.<'
MvO'ly c*t aL <Mou«Jy «ml Climcii)
Tl>**
SUPFRIOP. COURT.
iu ukst:: vi\ moiuoaoi; sm.e.
Aii injunction vas sued nut iu ttiw eourtby
Oianvilh* Mnxandvv, m which by the lull t«corse
1* Martin was made defendant. to retrain him
front nmMwc hide muVr the muitt;a«; executed
him ,>f hut ‘1 l-avuua's SiOw’ivNiou of tlie sauth
uf j’r- northeast id of section 10, r.s, north
i;suy.-* H. The coinjiia:nau» claims that the
tll .je to secure w huh the was
■u-.r xl« mJ«il. poth.it llicsiuuc kuu«t become
tit;**. m-vcrtlu less {which sale thu puffer
contained ir. the movtpufie is threatened.
\?s|‘Ml'StT.
A« tuth.u of ü ßk uuupMt ■was commenced by
J’l.jlip fbiMniun and others M ix Jlahn.
Tuc dtiunud is for fcl.ie.'.
HYDE PARK;
IMrftinp of the Trimlre*—,>ew JlfDibrr*
Tnkr Thrit Hrnw-Jli*. Vndr Bta lccU il
I»rc*«deul-*-.TSr*. C. V. “IVailr After the
i:imlon Konrd—Tlir Coir Ordinance.
*r»u* ivnular uieeUu*; of tholMnnl of Trn?<tiH*i
of t it*- town of Hyde Park was held on haUmlay
afternoon.
1.,.Rt-.idcer. Jr., Hiram Yonder licit, ai
Tm-tocs. ami I'if.ljor, .Su
iM*rri-«-r. wc.c sworn in. ami took their scatfl as
u*’v\ 'y-Wr.-iod im-njlHW* of the board.
'1 ho rule*. of the old board v.vrc adopted,
r. M. C i.dy. K*u.. vra« re-elected Pre»i«lent. bo*
bin tilth term, ami made a u**;tl Kjiecch ou
t;il:in:.' t!*'' «*b:dr. and a-kcd for the nomination of
the .-tamiim; committees.
Petitions were i»re/>cntPd from Lorenz Schaldt
fur saloon license, and from Tucker »V Sherman
for pHvujcut of town order 3*o. fyj. of January 21,
.fi i.ji r. Uariic}
t" AtS.'.O.
The Jn>aid of Registry for District No. 1 naked
Dip ai»i*oliitni«*ni of an attorney to answer for
llu-ui on complaint of Catharine V. Wulto, -whom
tin y had refused to register as a legal voter, ami
•who now cites them l« appear before Hoc. J. A.
Jameson ouMonday, November 50, mid show
VJUW whv a peremptory .should not
tw them to order them to register
In c lIJUtU.*.
Richard Thompson was appointed.
A sufferer appeared in person, mid naked relief
from the veto of Ksquiro Hoyden, of Chicago, who
had dwldcclagnlnn the cattle nrdfnsm*o or Hyde
Park, nnd hud taken away an impounded mare
purchased hv iiim In Hyde Park.
Referred to Attorney R. S. Thompson-
On the complaint of Noah gkrues. of the tinfiji-
eutiditiou of Fifry-tirat sower. It was ordered
that the Superintendent cover up the man-hole in
Ilrde Park avenue. and make a passage way op-
IMisih- sa;d Harm*' ham. under the direction of
Vmtdees Waldron and Clark.
Adjourned to Saturday, Now mber 25.
THE CITY IN BRIEF,
.Kiirilrroni Assault.
t BUr. Joseph Siuitli. oi No. 4: Hanover -street, was
Btshlnd M vrn.J time- on Saturday night, and
n„w lic= at Ms how ui s» precarious condition.
He had been to :t tiopers* meeting on the West
Si*’c. and win n In* reached the corner of Lumber
H:» et and Stewart avenue, on his way homo, ho I
I. woman <*vy for help. He hurried to the
lil.n win ner* tin* cry came—the railroad bridge
n<*nr lo —and there saw man having hold of a
vmirg woman. He asked v.-imt was tho matter,
aiitihtfo-e lie had time to defend himself tho
v. uth released the girl and attacked him with a
kiiiic-. Aft« i* -.tabbing him several times Jim man
ran (o*lo. the girl following. Ptnifh was taken
to hi.-res'd* in-e. ami attended by a pbv-iciaii.
11. anl :t t*m i'n t!io k'ft check, another in
the r.« <k. another In the right hand. -ml another
intbMett side. Tin* latter Is the wuv.it. Ul-de
m liotii-n ..f b’,s ;iJ-sai\.uii was very imperfect,
lift* it was siulirient to convince tin*
Indus' Hint tin* fellow wa- William Stack, a noto
m-os \yg:»bond.wholu»se«e:it»i“d the Penitentiary
e« vet .il: iiw* by pleading unuer age. Search was
math ter him by oillcer Lamleek. nnd he w.w
f. and :u an out-hon.-e in tin* rear of his mother*.*
dv-llir.i: on Twenfv-ltrst «trcpt. near Archer nv
onitc Tn hts pants pocket wa* found the knife
wii n which tin* stabbing was done, the blood
winch t-Mird from smith's wounds being still on
tie blade. He wjb locked up in Twenty second
station, and thence. y estorday. to tin* new
A*uioiv. Stack was discharged from the County
t'ulubuul a week before the lire, having served
v«-ir for ut arlv killing n man during a saloon
ti* ht HU recent murderous assault ought to be
snitirient to r-end him to dolm. nnd keep him
II -re long enough to become an expert at stone
outline or cigar-making.
rinrktnrn vs. Lurry Stable Keepers.
Wh.-ti Hu* eitv was full of strangers Mayor Ma
eon i- liverv atalde keepera permission to run
its. jr?j without*u Jit cn=e. TJ.is. althmudi tmtow
fit w-.xiot objected :«»bv tho haeknieti.who paid
р. until r**ccntlv. ‘The permission was
c«-»uu*d b*r thirtv days, but llie eul»le men ntill
V.'im. their hm*Kh on streets. Buaiue.** has
ra ten oil’ per c«nt wifidn the past two
vr« c-is. Mu! now tin* hackuien co.nphdn that they
rsiittoi lujikg a living, and are very angry because
Ih,. upp.k-itlen is not stepped. Several Eastern
e;.-» t;;iv- had accounts of how stranger.- were
nddn il bv ha *kwcn: hut lt?isdue to tliese men to
khv that Hicou’vextortionate charges lliat liavo
i.tmwu were made by tiie employe* of
11... h.crv st; bh- in**u. One follow, whooharged
*"i«r a nd<* of im hour on the North and South
S-bv.; s (im-dut the Police Court. The alien
t-iM'i ot Mij** rj:iie!ult*nt Kennedy lias been called
t.. tt—* iii.ni.T, au*l. ut his solicitation, the Mayor,
it Mc.b-t.-b'-sd. will B»>on issue u« order notify
it« ail t M rs«.nn now driving vehicles for the
с. niiiiodaiiou of the public lo pnw-ure a license,
A llnngcronn Crossing.
Stutvr* ila* tin-tlu-u* have boon thr«c HCeUtaotft
n; u*- t'.igbU-.mth street cros-dr;: of the Michigan
iv i ii<~t it Tbdiroad. and in each ease the injured
had had both legs araput Bed. The other
«liv l«r. I of the Countv Hospital had amir
roiv ori .iim fioiii hoitur killed. while crossing the
t r;a li ..t tin*i point. His buggy was run into by
r 1 j :ii'il oar ami demoMshvd, he being thrown
vu.i* mlv to the ground. The company ougat to
ijm- prcoauilon than they now do to prevent
wu lt ffesu The llapnum stationed at the
rvovb'.’isavovvoldman. When a train la ap
nrnrtchmp stand* in front of his house, ami no
one going toward the truck. either o«-tor west,
mi Eighteenth can Mvhlm. Ho doubtless
ilduh- hr if. doing bis duty, but if he would take a
portion in tin* centre of the «twot.pede«TMMi*
•uni iH-oj.h- inbnggießeouldobservclmaimduvoid
in-la crippled or killed by passlngcars.
Mistaken Identity*
The remains found in Tub Thuiu.vb Building
on Satordiiv arc. not those of John MePeritt, the
l«Uiardi'-t.*u* was supi>osed. The fuel that the
iti-ccnfied haul false teeth led the persons who saw
the blackened and charred mass to conclude that
ii.cbodv warn his. Inquiry, yesterday, resulted
in learning that John had but live false teeth,
whereas this dead man had a full wpiw set. Qw
inc to the condition of the remains, it was Impos-
Idblc to identity them. In the hope that the
fiends of the deceased may bo able to recognize
?irfcct a description as it was possible to
W ?V. iSSSdti He weighed between 159 ami 100
and wore a gray overcoat, black coat and
newer nearly so. In
pants, and clothing were found a silver
the pocket* of w j*h a shield on one Bide of
watch, (l t<m antl n
SkSSi* I St’SSAnL,..o« will 1* Wd at
V o'clock thlSitnorning*
Personal.
the Briggs House.
Accidents* t
Amelia Nnshftum, of >’o. 4SI
a life t. was run over by a buggy on fitre
▼osUtrflay afternoon, and severely
lernaily. The driver of tho horse, as soon w f hJ
became aware of the fact that ho had hurt.tho
woman, whipped bi* animal and wen. down
t'larlf *tm*t on a run. Several citizens tried to
overtake him. but they were unsuccessful. A
n ii tK(y was knocked down by the horse near
Twelfth Btru‘t, but the extent of Ids Injuries aro
»ot known, as Rome one carried him away.
B —About 4 o’clock «n Saturday afternoon Blch
,._i KebfK*. ag» d 13 years, wan run over t.y a State
ui e.Vt car. at the corner of Eighteenth street.
and ro badly Injured that ho died shortly
alter being carried into a drug store nearby.
His parents live at No. 1M Butterfield street. Tbe
Coroner held an inquest yesterday, and tho Jury
exonerated tli© driver of the cor from all hlamo.
MUcellanooni.
The office of Mr. RAA. Souland. on tho corner of
Clark and Twenty-second streets, was entered
early yesterday morning, and robbed of |f»73 in
cash, and four checks for amounts aggregating
11,000.
-On Saturday afternoon a borso belonging to
Fred Hack run awav on Canalnort avenue, aud a
man. in attempting to stop Ids progress struck
him on the head with a board and killed him.
—There will be a meeting of tho Chicago Medi
cal Socictv at No. "i»7 Wabash avenue, this even
ing. Tli.'object of the meeting Is lo consider the
pMipn. Tv «.t dividing tho cltj* into two or more
Hi ctl.-n®.' The pretence of every member is de
sired.
-It may not bo known to the Ralonu-kcencra
tlmi change of location cccessitatert the transfer
cf their licen«cs*both ci’y and government. Ow
inf to (he lire, the otliclaN have not paid much at
tention to tho matter, but now that everything Is
in working order, those {saloon-keepers who iiwve
not bad their licenses transferred will bo prose
cuted If they So not have it done immediately.
—F.r,V. John Kilkenny, pastor of St. Paul's
Catholic Church. which was destroyed by ‘ho
tiro, has been olllciating at Fatbor MathewV
Temperance Hall, on Harrison street, and yester
day delivered a sermon on intemperance, which,
lie claimed, was the grestostof evils and a nrolitlu
source of crime. He also requested his flock to
eo-operate with him in hlsotlorta to raise funds
to creel a now church, which they will no doubt
do.
—The employes of tfco great cutlery wamifac
luring house of George VToslenuolm .t Son, of
Sheffield. were the first petfons in that place to
start a subscription for the relief of the Chicago
Mitlerers; and the firm has written a letter to
Messrs, Biggs, Spencer «t Co., of this oity, ex
pressive of its lioartfelt sympathy with our city,
and Ms earnest wish fora speedy revival of our
prosperity.
—A movement Ims boon started in London,
hoaucd hv Tom Hughes, tho well-known wriHr.
to rojdaec tho Chicago library, which was de
stroyed by the recent Arc. Several wed-known
members of the literati aro Interested In the
movement, and It Is anticipated that a sufficient
sum will be realized from subscriptions to mate
rially aid in replacing the lost library.
A MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR.
Dr, O. 11. Hess Attempt* to Commit SnlcUe in
a Bi»ir Street Saloon—lll* Life Saved by
Itlb—lnfornmiien Concerning the Affair Unro
folly Suppressed.
Dr. O. 11. llcm. the well-known and popular ex
bn sin ess manager of ITooley’s Opera House, at
tcmpied. on Saturday afternoon, to take his own
life, but owing to some mysterious circumstances
failed in the attempt. Naturally enough inquiries
have l>een made as t« the cause of the art; but
the friends of the family endeavored to conceal
the fact, and reliable Information with reference
Ihcreio in searcr. It leaves the public mind In a
state of suspense, nnd throws around the act an
air of myMery sufficient to make it highly sensa
tional.
Dr. Hess hns recently l»ecn engaged in super
vising the improvements now going on In tho
Mnndard UnU auditorium, but his ae»nuimtano?s
have noticed ft singular qniuludo In his demeanor,
aml an air of perplexity ami sadness quite for
ei;m to his usual genial manners and disposition.
It was rumored that his family relation* were
not harnicnions. and that he was not altogether
yim.s rrj.nH’t'c in the matter. No one. however,
thought toe trouble which preyed upon him gave
riM* to such a despe *ate slate of mind at an at
u nitu to commit suicide would imply.
On Saturday afternoon ha was B*en at the
Standard Hall saloon, apparently quite sober,
but bv no means a» cheerful as usual- I.ater In
tpc afternoon, probably between a am! 4 o’clock,
he went down Stale streut to B»te!mlder*B r/istui
-1-ml No 440. where ho was in the huhlt ot taking
bis meals. He stood at tho oyster counter and
asla-d foi-somethlng to eat, Imthefore it wa*
eiM-n turn he drew a funr-harrelled(pistol from his
i liviicd over in such a manner as to eon*
ce;d it. uud pointing it at Ida heart, as m arly as*
he c«>nM uios«. pulled tin* trigger. Tin* report of
the pi-tol brought every mm to his feet, hut He.v»
(ell hr .m e lie emild he reached. Tin? employes of
the -stain ant and others removed him to No. 4.* j
Suae Mii-H, mol .-cm for Dr. Sherman. whom
an i-ti initiation m tie* wound. If appeared I hat
the bull had struck the breast-bom- ora rib, an I.
••h.vciu"otf without doing serious injury,helped
under the skin, near the shoulder hladc. It was
v-.‘ilv extracted, and the wounded man was re
moved to his residence. The circumstance was
report* d at the First Precinct Station, the olllcer
-Udim: the aiise, so far as could be learned by
idle, Jo he a diUicultv with his wife, which is
pjKbab!*.* the tnie solution of tin* allair.
a gentleman yesterday visited this ofllee. and
Ban! that Dr. He«s had, during tho earlv part of
ihewtck, faP'n down stairs and culms head.
Thctiarraiur believed, and stated that his friends
believed, that this had affected his reason. On
lids plea he hoped publication would ho suspend
ed till Tuculay.
A reporter yo-terday proceeded to interview
one of the restaurant employes of the establish
ment willirecard lo tlm affair. from which inter
view be gained tho following valuable informa
tion. Dr. Hobs came into tin* saloon alone, miilo
sober. He looked verv sober indeed, and had ap
peared so for several days. Ho was ap
parently in good health and by no tueuus 1
deranged. Tim employe had been requested to
say nothing of what hokin-w, hut knew a great
deal which he would not tell. 'When asked pre
cisely how the affair took place ho said he must
decline to give even that informatlon.lbelng hound
hv hi- promise. From this it may be Interred that
masons about to shoot thom-cWes. and desirous
of keeping the facts out of tho newspapers, can
elmo.-e no better place than Batcheldcr’a rostau
rai>V. Ho«s will probably ho well enough to re
sume his business before the Wvndham Troupe
lake posso-v-iou of tho Standard Theatre, do.nilo
the injury to his brain occasioned by uu fall ;v
week ago.
I.ATBIh
Shier tlio above was written our interviewing
reporter, who wdetailed lo solve the mystery,
succeeded Hi learning something which, it 1*
thought. will prove satisfactory. and not entitle
the case to ho considered problematical. TTheu
Mr. llos entered Batclielaer’s rtstaurant and
leaned against the oyster counter he drew from
hi 6 pocket a letter. Hastily tearing off the »ido
of the envelope, he read tho missive and placed
•t on the counter. He then took a lead pencil
from his pocket and wrote on the hack of a circu
lar. which w»« lying on tha counter,these words;
ItatHH'. 1 v»u‘t RUml desorUon, and when you receive
this I shall be dead. Please klsa ray broken head.
(Jcssl-hye.
After writing this he drew from his pocket a
revolver mid shot himself.
When he was carried to No. 43S State street,
the note andlcttvr wore taken also, but «mr re
porter was able to xM the substance of thft lat
ter. Uwa*»frmuhU wife, who lm* bwn living
at Dixon. 111., with her parents since the lire. She
told him that he had net supported her; that her
smut wa* thru paying U. 50» week for her board.
*hc wauled her watch «ad chain, ana her trunk,
»mt informed him Unit he need make tin apology,
a-, it was unnecessary. He had written to her m
a miarrel-omc* spirit.while her letters had always
evinced the best disposition.
This is the domestic dtlliculty" alluded to, and
Hie cause of Mr. Ile-a* attempted suicide. He
lostuoarlv all ho hart in tin* lire, nnd, in coiifft
tiuencc, became somewhat embarrassed pecu
niarily, and was not able to MiMKUt his wife m
liic style to which she had been accustomed.
JUSTICE RENDERED.
Fttrtlsrr Particular* of the ti»il of the
Anrorn Faro Drpnrlincnl to Chicago—
Host They Provided Against the Uigor*
of Winter.
In an article published in The Tanttmn yestor
day. in which allusion was made to some of the
lire engine companies of other towns called in to
askist in protecting property when the Chicago
Fire Department wont to lunch, on tho oth of
October hist, unintentional injury was done to
the boys from Aurora. They were said to have
succeeded in making WOO out of Robert Law. for
protecting his coni heaps, having relinquished
their manifest duty in protecting a wholesale
ding house in the neighborhood.
Tho injury in question was caused
by the relation of only half the facts connected
with 110-M- gentlemen. Not only dirt they lake
the noble course there intimated, which disgusted
the Indianapolis men. but they fed gratuitously
and on tuiucely fare at the Michigan Avenue
Hot**!. They then, thirteen in number, proceeded
to the FiT»d Congregational Church, thou being
run bv c. c.l*. Holden, and applied for overcoats,
out of Hu* store of goods already nobly given by
the thoughtful of other oitler-. those
generous villagers chose each man hi*
overcoat. It may, therefore, l»e concluded that
the voting men from Aurora are looking round
tor other binning cities to visit. Precisely the
dUTerenec iK-tweon thorn and the gentleman so
much dreaded by Phil. Hieridun when the terrors
of the conflagration disapiK*arcd. it would take
the most delicately-udjusted scales to determine.
The I'nioa Depot nad it* OppoMats.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Pm: It must seem amazing to you, ns it does to
thousands of the enterprising business men of
this city, that such needless obstacles should be
thrown in the way of the railroad companies who
desire an enlargement of theirpresent area on the
lake front, for the immediate erection of the
grandest depot on the face of the earth.
With u few exceptions, all the owner* of prop
erty froutine: on Lake Park have given their con
sent to the requirement* of the railroad compa
nion, »ml are anxious for the work to proceed.
A chancery suit wu« commenced some lime ago
to restrain the railroad companies from taking
possession of the property they desired; but now,
in our eh} *s need, most of the parties to this suit
hove consented to its withdrawal. A few parties,
whose interest is trilling, still stand out and with-
liold their consent. What their motives are no ono
knows. But that they arc selfish ones. and alto
gctlicr antagonistic to tlio public welfare, is alas*,
utely certain.
if they have any property in that vicinity, U
will bo benefited. But, not satisfied with this,
do they propose to blackmail a stricken commu
nin' fur iliefr industrial advantage t
Sot a dollar of blackmail will the railroads par;
and these email-minded and selfish-hearted Indi
viduals, wno think to obtain It, might as well un
derstand the point at onc«. So far from raising
inoncv In this way. they will deserve to be ostra
cised for all time for their egregious sctfisluiois
ami lamentable want of public spirit.
Every citizen owe* a debt to this city, and this
debt should l>e paid, “to the uttermost farthing,*’
In-fore he seeks to benefit himself, ond particu
larly at the expense to the general welfare. This
is a matter of such pressing and vast Importance
that we canhol afford to bo over-nico or timid in
regard to whoso rorns we tread u|K»n. I say, any
man who, at this lime, stands in the way of what
the public wants. Is an enemy to the public, and
deserves to l»o regarded only In the light of a rob
ber or an Incendiary.
I have no interest of any kind whatsoever In
these railroad companies, either |Jlreetly or In
directly but I have, in common with alt good
citizens, an interest in the paramount welfare of
this city, and in all mens urea which tend to its
Mvcedy restoration.
Of all single measures that have been
f (reposed. Klicre is not one that would
usure more confidence abroad, or that would be
of moio service at-home, than the building upon
flic lake front, north of Monroo or Van Bun-n
st i eels, of such a depot as baa been proposed.
w„i the slightest objection of any pniillo force
J nSi madiVto it- Why quibble about the price
om-red when the indirect benefits will be boyond
n.m»ntaticrnl Bolter sure them the laud at nnoe.
«imp«iai”“ muck time upon point* of
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE MONDAY,' NOVEMBER 20, 187 i;
tnOßl eameetly to the consideration of tho presa
of this city.
Should the railroads remove their depots from
their present location, tho evils that vrould ensue
would greatly augment tho public Inconveniences
and losses cansed by the groat tire. And nothing
is more certain than that the railroad companies
will be driven from tho heart of the city unless
they very soon secure possession of such land as
they absolutely require.
As for tho speculators who stand in tho way of
this grand design. In any event their miserable
hopes will ho frustrated. Tho companies will not
remote to such points as they would have thorn,
nor will they pay them one dollar for their pro*
tended rights, which they should surrender at
once, if thn/ be ana, In obedience to the public
will. Humid thev si ill adhere to their present
fc’ilifdi and piratical eom>e, it will be proper to
give their mum s to the community, in order that
v e may more carefully examine into the motives
nf men who, at a time when the city has been
overwhelmed with disaster, socle in this disgrace
lul maimer to overthrow on-.* of the most splendid
schemes for Its restoration, in the vain hope of
putting a few more dollars in their already well
lined pockitH. Yours, etc.,
cjiicauo, Nov. ih. J. Esai.vs Wauues 4
ISoUonnl Relief fos Chicago.
fo the Editor of The Chicago
Cm: I wish to call the attention of ymir many
readers in the city, ns well as your own, to a
measure of iclief for Chicago which Die circum
stances would seem to justify. Tiio magnitude of
the calamity that has befallen hr, in the extent,
timber, value, and public Importance of tho
ulldlngs destroyed. n« well pa the immense
\aluo of property lost, makes all previous Ideas
In vegard to the disaster Itself, and the proper
measures of relief, uneipial to the occasion. The
spontaneous charity of Christendom has volun
teered t he ne*et=sarv means of shelter and susten
ance to those unions tlio seventy thousand house
less pnis which have not Miillclent properly and
means still left to supply the necessities of tho
But tho occasion is grand enough, in Its awful
momilllcence of destruction.—hearing, too. upon
ncarlr all the interests and populations of the
United States and the civilized world,—to call
for something further than the immediate relief
of IhcthodilT wants of those who hare been ren
dered too ’poor for their own prasont main
tenance.
It is plain that no one should he permitted to
make money out of these misfortunes of the pub
lic. Ererv ptour step should betaken to prevent
the additional demand for labor and materials In
order to rebuild the fallen city from resulting
in such iuereaM-d prices as to prevent and
retard indefinitely tills desired consummation.
It is equally plain that the great loss
to pi operO'-ov, ners calls, as matter
of interest. for national relief and
natlonaVaid, to raise agalu tills magnificent city
from its mins. The Congress of tho United States
can constitutionally do this within a week after
it meets in December next. It will l»o done if
Congjesa will pass “An act for tho relief of tho
sufferers iu tho Chicago tiro of October, 1871,” by
■which It shall lie enacted *hat all and every arti
cle or material necessary, or to bo used, and
fomn rfrfeordered f**r the rc-ereotlon orrebuildlng
of any public building, store.dwelllng, or house
of am de.-criptlou on or witJiln tho burnt district
of Chicago, or destroyed in the groat lire of the
£th and lull of Oetol*er. PCI. shall bo admitted
dutv free, and. as such, passed by the Collector
of Customs at Chicago.
I suggest Ibis without raising the questions of
protecllcu or free trade, or a revenue tariff, as ft
temporary measure of relief called for
Iv and justlv bv the emergencies of tho occasion.
l*f brick and lumber, moldings, sashes. doors,
glass, nails, lochs, spring-catches, paper-hanging,
and all the ft rctcra of completing these build
ings. can thus come in from Canada and Europe
duty five. it will, as I compute it, save at least r-u
ri'pccnlof thecuft. In that event, labor aud
canital would both flow in to All this vacuum;
and umwr:ty vicing with. If not outstripping,
the old. would spring into life with a rapidity al
ime-i rivalling the tabled creations of Aladdin a
wonderful lamp. m A
Before this appalling and greatest calamity of
history, well wav wo ask thedifferlng schools of
political economy to proclaim a truce here, and
ken in a great-hearted act of beneficence to st sub
feting community. All projier snords and
cjieeks can be provided in tho details of the bill.
Will the press speak out und join In this and
will Mr. Per well aud General Beveridge make it
theiv business* to bring this proposal before Con
g-eos at its approaching session 1 1 onr.s truly,
a. A. Goobvrts.
CiilC.M-Ci.Nov. Ifk
Insurauce Matters.
The cnmmUlec ot policy-holders In suspended
insurance companies, appointed at the luevlluj:
lichlat Standard Hall on Wednesday c\vnh»s.
request all persons who desiro to unite in the ac-
<m lobctuheniu refe-em-e to such eotnpauh*
send their narnca on or before Monday nc.vt 1
put member of Ihn committee. nivinir the
mu.ininics in which lm*y hold pollelcij and their
Mjr:nuut«. The eouinilttoc are ileatrous of know*
ini; how Loncra! the association enn be undo, us
th**ir action and report will depend upon tho nutu*
her of these who will unite in the same actum.
W. F. (\MllmuaU, Cyrus Hentley. C. Jh Furwcjl.
John CYcury. 0. M. Ilciulerwm. .1. t. IhmlWd. K
it. IVabudy, J. L. Tlioini>sim. Marshall 1 leld, 1.
N. Arnold, committee.
Cod I,ircr Oil*
Hazard Caswell's Cod Liver Oil l fl tho l»est.
PERSONAL,
Bcust Is 62, and Audra'sy *fl.
—Mr. Ashbury r.-uoum-ea all Intoutlon of ever
contending again for the tiueou's cup la American
waters.
—The Emperor of Russia. Alexander TT.. Is said
to have signed the temperance pledge at the re*
quest of his wife.
—That was an enterprising man who started a
paper mill in Georgia, when he heard that A. 11.
Stephens was to write for a newspaper.
—Tiffany A Co., of New York, have a necklace
of pearls which was purchased from the ox-
Empress of the French hy an agent sent to Chiselj.
hurst for the purpr.se. She wWd sell no other of
her Jewels. The price asked is $25,000.
—Tim President of tho Scucoa ludlan Nation In
New York is Peter ffunddwnr
E—Madame UaUazzl, cousin, U
In Tans trying to ttud a publisher for her new
work, Lea Mystores dn Secon Empire."
—George Joucs, of tho New York Units. U
mentioned ns a candidate for Mayor of Now
York.
—Hiram Powers, the sculptor, has been spend
ing feme months at (Scarborough, England, on
account of his ill health. He is about to return to
Florence.
Hon. Garrett Davis hasjusl received s.>,ooa for
his services us lawyer for Kentucky in the Wolf
Island case.
—Tin* wife of Mr. Blaine presented the Speaker
with a thit teen-poimd girl baby ou Sunday morn
ing, October 31.
“—Wh* u Baron (Scroll, the late Prussian Minis
ter. left Washington, his eldest daughter stayed
Ix-hivd lu cuter a convent. Her parents u-ed
cvciy ellbrt to Induce her to return with them
to Germany; tint she ha-* declined to do U,aud
will soon take the white veil.
—A Western journal says: “Mrs. Bennett, of
Helena. Arkansas, was wooed by Mr. Fiske. bat
site threw Fiske to the dog*. So he tamoccuhiti d
iH*r eon v. ith buckshot, and straightened his own
sphu* with strychnine, and oho io now without
eiicuiubniuecs*.**
—At the entertainment given at Delmonieo’s.
New York, a few days ago. to Bishop Solwyn.
Lord Bishop of Litchfield. England, Dr. Leeds, of
llallimore. presented him with an elaborately
finished “Alms Basin." the principal material
being silver highly polished and embossed, and
ornamented with precious stones, inlaid.
—The following advertisement appears In a
Tennessee paper:
To whom It mav concern. Whereas (name omitted),
a resident of Knoxville, did promise to miirrr me on
the '.‘l't iiihtaut. Imt, Instead of so doing, did flunk and
nm ojr, i brand her as a liar and a person of miserable
character generally. CItARLBS BxXTKU.
—Captain General Bassols, the present Spanish
JflniehT of War. is a Spiritualist of the flrstwr.ter,
being Honorary President of tho Society of Spirit
ualists of Saragossa. One of hia sons it a writing
medium of some note, who lately wrote and pub
lished a book purporting to come from William
Pitt. Bineo 19C0 Spiritualism has made rapid
strides in Spain, and at least four periodicals, t*x
olu-lvly dedicated to its peculiar literature, are
published on the iKmluMila.
—The felatcmcm which was published In tho
English papers nnd telegraphed to this country,
that the Marquis of Bath has renounced hisad
hcbinu to the Church of England and Joined tho
Church of Rome, le denied upon the authority of
the Marquis personally—who afllnus that the re
port circulated to that effeet was entirely unwar
ranted and unauthorised.
—The rratueripf says the Ker. Dr. Howe, of
Philadelphia, Is the ninth clergyman elected
Bishop of the Episcopal Church who ha* been
rector of a church in Boston during some portion
of his ministry. They are: Samuel Parker.
George W. Donne. John H. Hopkins, Alonzo Pot
ter. Jonathan M. Walnwrlpht. Thomas M. Clark,
George M. Randall, F. D. Huntington, and Murk
A. D. Howe.
—Cyrus TV. Field is going to Borne to attend a
convention of the principal telegraph companies
of the world, which Is to be held in that city next
month. Mr. Field Is pushing forward his scheme
of telegraph around the world, tho only link yet
to he furnished being that between San Francisco
and China, by way of the Sandwich Islands.
—A London letter says: "Yon will see that
among the contribution* for Chicago is one from
the Queen herself, and you will say she has done
handsomely. Five hundred pounds Is a good
deal of money for her to give to one object. I
may say it is an nnusual sura. The demands
upon her arc very numerous, and her subscrip
tions seldom rise above one hundred pounds or
guineas.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
Hanr. OTanr Trarw.-Mn. Wla.low’.
Soothing SjTrup for children teetlJng. has stood
the teat of many years, and never known to fail.
Cnnti«n.—ln the n*e of dl*l«tfect»m«, be*
WRto of those which contain poison. Bromo
Chlornlum" is free from all poison, and isetmn-ly
harmless and safe, 3'rcpured only by Tudim Jt
Co., vtfi Williams etrect, s*.Sold by druggists
generally.
SI 50,000 In 3.000 cn*b primes—Hlgh«wt
prize «50,0ua gold cairn to be dtatnbut-ed legally by
chance. January ym.h, i*. m i»id of tho Mercy
Hospital, Omaha, Nebraska. Tattoo A Qardlaor,
Managers. Tickets *3 each, or Iwo for %i.
BornMl'i Flnvonoc Katracf*.—
pcriorlty of thcßcextruet* consists lothclr porn*et
purity and «ro«l Mtiength. They arc warranted
free from the poisonous ells and acids wh.cn en
ter into tho composition of many of the factitious
fruit flavors now iu tho market.
Pimple* removed aud (he skin made
smooth by using.luuipcr Tar Soup. Manufactured
by d: C’-.yew V°rk,
ANOTHER MINING HORROR.
Drdc Park Tillage* Fa.. SlnUmg late
(he Oxford Cavern*—The Inhabitant*
Aronaed at midnight by Shock* a* of an
Earthquake—An Enormon* Fissure in
Slain Street—Tbo Principal Ontldiog*
Wrecked*
Scranton. Fa. (??ot. IB), Corny* pondenco of UioJfoir
York bun.
Hyde Park is once more tho aconc of ex
citement. Tin* (trim's are deserted, ami. not
withstanding the snow storm prevailing, tho
various streetsmo crowded by hundreds of
men, women, and children, discussing the
situation. That portion of Hyde I'ark which
lies directly over the Oxford mine has par.
tisrilv cavcdlin. the buildings overhead being
cracked, and have settled about a foot, A
fissure on Main street extends from IVllowa’
Hall to the Post OlUee; tho crack is a foot
w ido, end no fathom is discernible.
The phenomena *2 and si
llii3 Hi ol “/.up. The noise resembled
that of an earthquake. Threoduitinct shocks
were felt, each loud enough to arouse tho
soundest sleeper. Follow's Hall, a large
three story building, is unlit for occupancy.
It is rucked from the ground to the ceiling.
The house of Mr. David T. Hichanls was I
so badly wrecked that tho family were im
mediately compelled to seek other refuse. A
large cistern in the kit',! eu of the residence
of Sir. Daniel Howell, which had always
proved sufiicient to supply the family with
water, has been rendered dry and useless.
In fact, there is no water to he hud any
where in the territory covering the Oxford
shaft. The Heenmms House, a brick hotel,
kept by S. P. Sibbctt, is damaged to a great
extent, tho building having settled over
twelve inches.
The private residence of Sir. Edward Heer
mans on Scranton avenue presents a scene of
great devastation. Directly in front of tho
house the avenue is cracked wide open, ami
is the object of great curiosity. The shock
was felt more in tho neighborhood of Fel
low’s Hall titan anywhere else. A large
quantity of bricks in one comer, near tho
foundation, fell out, leaving tho building io
a dangerous condition. Tho store of Kieh
ards A: Jewell, on the first Uoor of the build
ing. is ncarlv untenable.
The Post Ollice ami Phillips' store are also
injured. There are many other buildings
more or less damaged. Tho real cause of lho
caving in was not known until after day
break. though many supposed it to he an
earthquake. When tho miners and laborers
made their appearance ut the Oxford shaft,
this morning, they were not allowed to enter,
as tho mine was considered dangerous and
liable to crumble instill more ami kill the
men at any moment. The mine had been idle
for several months, undergoing repairs ac
cording to the reonirements of tho United
States law, and only resumed work on tho
lOthinst.
Two years ago a similar cavmc-m occurred
in the same locality, the Welsh Calviuistie
Methodist Church boiag so budlyjninrcd
that it was found necessary to partially re
build it. The edifice fortunately escaped in
jury’ on the present occasion.
Oxford shaft was first opened ten years
ago; nearly the whole of tho western por
tion of Hyile Park is undermined by the
galleries, iimkiuglt one of tho most disagree
able and dangerous localities to reside m
that can be conceived. As tho miner ad-
vanccs in the process of digging coal, he is
compelled to prop the rock overhead in order
to keep Hvde Park in its original
position. When the coal has been all
taken out and Hyde Park only supported by
the<e props, there will boa terrible crash ami
great loss of life. The pecuniary less of to
day is heavy, and must be borne by the Dela
ware. l.ackawanna iV Western Company,
j_nffr —The vein which caved in is known
as the Diamond Voin.-and is 2-fO feet below
the surface. It was worked out ten years
ago. and previous to its purchase by the Dela
waie. Lackawanna Western Company.
The ground is still settling, ami in all proba
bility will sink n foot or more. The damage
covered an area of twenty acres. The Hecr
-1 mans House is damaged more than previously
I reported, and tho Post Ollice has now sunk
some eighteen inches.
ANOTiIRK ACCOrVT.
SrnvNTON, Pa.. rsov. lU. —Hyde P.trk ha*
aciiiu \wvu visdted by 'moor those cmnstro
nla-s peculiar to mining regions. Ahum l
o'clock tins morning the citizens of that por
tion of our city lying south of Mam street,
ami In the ueighboihood of Scranton avounc.
were startled from their slumbers by a rum
bling, crushinjr noise, suul a trembling of the
earth ami their buildings, as of an canh
cnialce. So violent were the shocks and co
loml the noise, that they tied terror-stricken
from their dwellings. After tin; hrst
paroxysm of fright had
the cause of the terrible alarm
became apparent. The mines of the first
vein of flic Oxford shaft had eared in, cans- i
ing the earth to settle some two feet nml
forming greht cracks in the surface. The I
area of ground, which is thickly covered by
buildings ami handsome dwellings, is about
twenty acres, extending from Main street at
a point west of the Welch L'alvinislic
Church, running diagonally northeast to
Chestnut street. This bourmufy of lm* i.bi
is marked by a crack which varies in width
ami depth. This crn«*k passing through the
front yard in the Welch Calvmistic Church
cives through this dwelling and store of Mr.
Thomas Phillips, Herman's Hotel, and the
adjoining properly, breaking their walls and
reeking the buildings from cellar to garret.
Crossing Scranton avenue if crosses the
comer of Fellows’ Hull building, breaking
oi>en the foundation walls and causing a
largo opening in the brick wall, and in fact
injuring the entile eliding. From thin point
it runs in an easfeily direction, through tho
property of Dr. Heath, Daniel Howell, D. T.
Jtichnrus, Esquiro Snyder, and others to
Chestnut II; from thcnco diagonally to
Scranton avenue, where traces of the fall aro
lost. Hut the eftectK of the fall are still visi
ble iu the settling of the earth about Mr.
Herman's residence and other dwellings
between this point ami the place fn*m which
we first started. In all of the bnihlings. and
darly those of Messrs. Phillips, UicU
-ro>, H».well, and tho hotel and Fellows
Jii*i the destructive effects ofjhis disas
ter most clearly visible, aa hardly any part
of them remains uninjured. Walls and ceil
ings, broken floors, sunken windows, broken
wainscoting torn loose, while cisterns, wells
and cellars have literally lost their bottoms,
causing a destruction in properly amounting I
to £SO,WU There were three distinct shocks,
each one loud enough to atouse everybody.
In a few minutes Main street was crowded
with men, women and children, who were
greatly frightened. When the residence of
Mr. lb T. ftiebards was shaken, the family
were compelled to tlcemoidvl to save their
lives:to great was tho destruction tho house
must be rebuilt. Thu Herman House is so
badlv used up it must l>o pulled down.
l ife Post Office inis stink some eigldcen
inches, and still continues settling. A large
cistern in tho kitchen of Da.il Howell was
pierced, ami is now dry, lu fact, not a drop
of water can be had in any cistern in any
part of the injured portion. The houses ofJ,
H. Millspnngh, William Price, Judge W. G.
Ward, iS. Mearc.nnd Mr. Ashby, wore badly
damaged. That of Edward Heermaus settled
eighteen inches below the surface, but oth
erwise is comparatively uninjured. The Ox
ford shaft is situated iu the centre of
Hyde Park, and is the property of tho Dela
ware. Luckawana. and Western Company,
havimr l*eeii purchased by them iu isds from
Scldeii. Scranton Co.
The vein which caused such a temble
scare this morning, is known as the Diamond
vein, and has not been worked by the Uela
ware.Lackawana and Western Company. On
that ground thev claim that no damages will
bo paid, and if the owner* will insist, tho
former owners must bear the brunt.
The full which occurred four years ago in
another portion of Hyde Park, at which
urns so much damage was done, was not
uMir so disastrous in its results.
Onr Aleutian Citizen*.
Prom the New York Tribune. Nov. 17.
Com plaint* having been made that the in
habitants of the Aleutian I'lamls are not
properly cared for by the Alaska Commercial
Company (tin* lessees of the inlands), the .l/m
Cdlitvruia, which is pood authority, says that
il knows that the complaints wore inside by
inter ‘tsted persons to injure the standing of
the company. It further says that the com
pany are doing all that can be done for the
comfort and well being of these people—that
they are now erecting a new and comfortable
bouse for the free occnpancy of each
family on l»oth islands at an immense
cxi»enMj to themselves, and for which
I nothing is paid by the Aleuts: that the
laborers are paid the amount fixed by the
Secretary of the Treasury for their labor;
that pootls are sold to them cheaper than the
Ramecan he purchased in San Francisco at
retail: that all the Aleuts, whether laborers
or nuu-prcducers. including widows and
their families, who ran earn nothing, are
supimrted y the company; that the people
are all hon.s»*d and well fed. and have un
restricted credit at the company’s stores;
that they are paid for every day's work done,
even for the labor of repairing their own
houses, and building sidewalks for their own
convenience, and of no possible use to the
company. Schools are maintained eight
months' in tho year, and school bupk.v are
furnished gratis. A hrst-class physician is
kept, whose services and medicines are free
The company have shipped from the catch
of June and .luly to this city tiI.OCW seal skins,
and the catch of September and October re
mains yet in the islands. The full number
allowed by law has been killed, for the labor
of which, occupying two months, the Aleuts
have received |40.0C0. This, for about T5
laboringmen. is pretty good wages, especial
ly when weconsidertuat these people are at
no expense for house-rent, meats, etc. Ao
doubt there an* tbousaudsof white men who
would be glad to go to those islands upon
the same terms upon which tho Aleuts are
notion that the few Aleuts who hap
pened to be on the islands at the time of tho
i cession of Alaska to tho United States, and
who came then' for the most part from tho
I Aleutian Islands, are tho proprietors of these
I valuable fisheries, mav as well be aban
doned. Tho islands and seal fisheries bo- i
bmged to Russia, aud were always regarded I
us the property of the National Government,
The I idled States purchased Alaska, aud
the title to the valuable fisheries passed to
the United States. They constituted, so far
ns revenue is concerned, tho most
valuable part of Alaska. Soon
after the cession. Congress declared
these islands a government reserva
tion, ami afterward, under the date of July
1. itfiO. the islands and fisheries were leaved
to the Alaska Commercial Company for tho
annual rent and tax of 1:117.000.
Tho only complaint which wo hare ever
beard from tho Aleuts is that the company
restrict* them in the supply of sugar. This
is clone in order to preserve peace, order, and
health, and to prevent drunkenness. Tno
Aleuts are allowed one pound per week to
each person, and th&they save up and make,
by distillation, into a liquid they call gnaw,
upon which they remain drunk as
long ns It lasts. Intelligent
people will readily perceive tno
motive of the company in this resolution. lf
sugar were dealt out to them without restric
tion. the people would remain drunk until
relieved by death, lim ing the year previous
to the leasing of the islands, when the restric
tion went into force, and while sugar was
sold in unlimited quantities, there wore
seventeen deaths on SI. George Island alono
from theme of quae*. .Since the company
bus had charge of the inland there have been
but two deaths. In the use of all other things
th« Aleuts are notvcstrlvigd.»Vdd the company
have made this regulation in order that th<3
not be depopulated.
The Loft Anxtta* Horror—C’borgrbr Judge
Sepulveda to the Grand Jury*
I.O« ASORLES. Nov. 9.
The following is Judge .Sepulveda’s charge
to the grand jury: _ _
••Oentlemkn* or the Grand Ji'rv Law
lessness has again raised its monster head in
our midst, and in the most inhuman manner
has fiutUtied its barbarous instincts, the i
scenes enacted on the evening of the 34t ft of
October, when eighteen human beings were
mercilesslj* murdered by a mob, have sent a
thrilJ of horror throughoutthe State, and a
pace is marked in the record of Los Angeles
forever indelible, making the name of this
community a reproach to humanity and
civilization. Alienin' hangmgnf Laeherais.
nearlv a rear ago, I took occasion to charge
the grand jury with reference to mob vio
lence, and made uso of the following lan*
image “By your speedy, vigorous, and
local action you will impress upon men the
belief that their safety and happiness greatly
depend on yielding obedience to the lavra of
the laud and in having due respect for consti
tuted authority: that the violation of law only
entails to us injustice, cruelty, dissension,
anarchy, and immorality." That grand jury
saw lit not to act in the matter. Vt ill you do
likewise in this instance 1 We see the bitter
consequences that follow impunity; will you
challenge the vengeance of Divinity by vio
lating your oath f Shall lawstandfornaught,
and immorality and crime have nigh carni
val in our community T I cannot believe
that, in the enormities committed, you can
remain indifferent. It is not possible that
moral apathy can go so far. Uemoui-
her. gentlemen, tho accountability you
owe to society—act and ho true to your
manhood, mortality, and to mankind.. You
must indict dill who. after the hearing of
legal evidence, you consider as dosorvm?
punishment for crimes committed in the
countv. Set an example of true courage in
the performance of your duty. Bo faithful
tn vonr trust. In thin way only enu yon s it
isfy an offended God, violated law, and out
raged humanity.
Los A\(»ki.ks, Nov. s.—Tho press of onr
city and all classes of citizens with scarce
an exception highly commend tho charge of
•Indite Seimlvefla tn tlm grand jury. Since
the great riot the city has never been known
to bo 60 quiet; the police and Justice courts
are almost idle, and quarrels among tho
Chinese arc quieting down. Slauy China
men who were nid outside tho city, through
fear, have now returned and resumed their
old occupations.
Death of the Mcnicnant Governor of
Trxni.
From the Austin (Texas' .tournal. Nor 9.
Lieutenant Governor Don Campbell, after
an illness of less than two weeks, breathed
his last yesterday morning, an hour or two
before day. lie was first attacked hytho flux,
which was .succeeded hy a low fever of a
typhoid nature, which preyed upon his vi
tality until nature yielded to the enemy.
The Lieutenant Goverror, from tho first,
was impressed with the fatal nature of tho
attack, and had a presentiment which he
frciineiitlvexprosscd that ho cnnld not sur
vive. I7is wile, who was telegraphed of his
condition several days ago, started at once
from .lefiersou, and will probably arrive
to-day.
The deceased was, wo nuderstamh a native
of Alabama, and a graduate of Knoxville
College. He became a citizen of Texas three
years before the 0,-ni:i«t of the civil war.
and was then classed, politically, among tho
\Vhigs. He opposed secession from the out
set. and never wavered in his attachment to
the Union. U*uh r Proviohmsil Governor
Hamilton he held the place of Chief Juatica
in his county, and was afterward appointed
Postmaster*at Jefferson. In ISdS he was
elected to the Constitutional Convention
and then to tlm’Stnu* Senate, when, upon the
resignation of Lieutenant Governor Ha.ua
gafi, he was chosen President of tho oeualc
and ej-ojKno Lieutenant Governor.
AUCTION SALES.
COKE CO.,
Noe. i and 3 Rnnaolpb-at., comer MicUigaa-ay,
SIO,OOO WORTH
OP
Ready Made Clothing
AT AUCTION,
On Tuesday, Mov, 21, at 9 T-2 a. nr,
At l and 2 Ranrtolph st.. comer Mlcljican ar.
These pooda nrMnsnita.Ortrcoata. Coat#, Paula and
Ve*,te, and must be closed out. We shall also offer
SET GOODS,
Underwear, Nubias. WlllMon Thread, Notions. Ac.
UUO. P. GORE A VO.. Auctioneers.
Mien’s Kip and Calf BOOTS.
Boys’ and Youths’ A Cf. and Kip
BOOTS.
men’s, Boys’, and Youths’ Bf. and
Cf. Cong., Bals., Black Crook, Brus
sels, and Cf. SLIPPERS.
Women’s, misses’, and Children's
Serge, Cf., Goat, and Pebble Bals.,
and Cong., also Leather and Cloth
SLIPPERS.
THE ,U!OVE STOCK COMPItISES
One Thousand Cases
of custom-made poods, that Imre no superior in the
market for STYLE, CIUALITT. or ARIETT,
AT AUCTION, BY CATALOGUE,
01 WEDSESDIT, SOV. *2, AT 9 1-2 1. H.
GEO. P- GORB CO..
1 and 2 Randolphs!
1!1 WTI. A. BUTTERS CO.
844 West Madison-st.
GENTEEL n'BXiITBE
AT AUCTION,
On TUESDAY. Nor. 21. at 10 o’clock, at dwelling No.
IM4 ModiAon-Ht., the entire honechoW effcnlH, constating
of parlor, chamber, dining room and kitchen furniture.
Brussels carpels, bedding, stores, itc.
\VM. A. RUTTERS A CO., Auctioneers,
450 Cases
Soots Sc Shoes
AND RUBBERS
AX AUCTION,
On TUESDAY, NOV. 21. at »i O’clock, at th« RKD
FRONT Sabamotna. Sale peremptory loclOßosar
cral BUTTERS CO.. Anotioneert.
500 Cavalry Overcoats,
3,000 White and Gray Blankets,
500 Pairs Infantry Pants,
AT AUCTION,
Oa Wedne*dey, War. 33, at 11 o’clock,
Tim FRONT P.ileeroom. a and 4 Ea»t Baa
rtolpV *f F VN- a. BUTTERS A CO.. ACCOonaera.
White Granite Ware,
Assorted Glassware,
Table Cutlery, Plated Ware,
Shelf Hardware,
New Carpets, etc.,
AT ArrriOK. on WEDNESDAY. Nor. 22. at 1-3
o’clock- at the RED FRONT Salesrooms, 5 and 4 East
A butters A CO.. Anctlonwa.
new buggies and harness
AT AUCTION,
Ncr. 22. at 11 o’clock, at the RBD
innvr ‘salesroom*. 3 and 4 East Bandolph-rt.
FRONT A PUTTERa A CO.. Auctioneer*.
PEREMPTORY sale
dry goods,
and Fancy Oloret. Notions, Ao.
at auction,
__ T-TTrRSDAV. Nor. 3. at M o’clock, at tkc RHD
KiHearoem. No. 3 aad 4 Kaat Randolph®*.
FRONT A CO AQCtioaeers.
Br j. B/CHAITIBEBS CO.,
q We»t Madi&on-at.
the LARGEST STOCK OK
Watches, Jewelry,
plated Ware. Cattery. Ac., in Chicago, at
AT AUCTION,
crenlnr. and at whole®*!.' price* flnrinc the
Sy. J.H. CHAMBERS A CO.. Aun’ra.
PERSONAL.
J.vkir.s ogre, formkri.y
't jcorlb UatfaUe-n will esli op <*ond hi, a»Urpw»
to lot somh clinluu-bt, he will hoar of somethin? of in
leretl to hi®-
AMTPIgaCEWTg.
The Sham Family
will hare «OIUSD RECEPTION
This Evening,
When they will be AT ITOMB lo the public In the
MI€IIIGAX-AF. BAPTIST CHCRCII,
and will be presented in person by Hm
COMIC CARICATURIST,
C O Ti X> O "V -A..
ST ATI LECTURE COURSE. Jnollton.ar na-.tl«
Church. Ejm h lict»r»» preceded br a (.AAN n OH'jAa
CCNCJiKT. tir Mr. CI.V. Knopf. L Tickets for «iUo at
Rli«s Shart* 15-1 Twenty svennd-st.; Cobb ft Übra
rr,<©'Wabsu‘h-'T.; turtat the Mlrhitf.ui-nr. Free U
irrntv. On ’-.o West Mde ut the Atlantic i Pacltlc
Telegraph Otllee, Sj South Cauuhst.
T, M. C. A.
FIRE.PBOOF
Lecture Course.
SECOND laKCTURE.
ANNA DICKINSON.
Tuesday Evening, Nor. 21.
rrasl BAPTIST CHUB.OH, eor. Wfr
baat-av, and Barznon^court.
SUBJECT;
Demagogues Workingmen.”
AdmlMimi. Wocnt*. Ticket* tor sale ftt the book,
Cobb. Andrews A Co.. 4» ''»b«sh-»T.; W. O.
Holmes, 191 tV««t Mpdtson-sC, Celt ai Itlock, and at
the door of the church on e venln
TO RENT.
TO RENT.
CENTRAL HALL.
Cop. Waboah-nr, and TirenlMeconiJ.nl.
Tliin ftparlons amlelejrant Hall. tho largest, best ren
tllnt.il mul inoaf. centrally Incited at „slVV*V. llt
iu tide city, will Ih» tltilahwl on theiHb Inst. V Ith the
Oalterv it will seat l.lifl person*.
Managers of tirat-claan etiterU lament*. who Intend
to visit Chicago during tin-* winter, can miff secure
tin* beautiful Hall on favorable terms. For further
micn-aucm, aroUf to JO N T AI PLEnEBY
Office Centro] Hall, Cor. tVabarfi-av. and Twenty*
Seeemhd
WANTED TO BENT.
*VCTANTKD —TO HUNT—EITHER OK THE
Y y South or West Sides. and In the business portion
of the dir a house furnished or mifurnUhed- Ajipiy
to GEO. V,'. WAITE A CO.. 50 East Harrisun-st.
fTMNTED-TO RENT-TWO SMALL. NEAT
t corns. Millabltf for housekeeping, by man. wilo
and girl. Hem promptly in advance. Address \v.
BEK, care Tribune office.
*«T ANTED —TO RENT—ON SOUTH SIDE.
Yt north of Thlrty-ilrst«t.,cc*tt»jt® or suite of rooms
suitable tor htmsekeeoiug. Address, STEPHENS,
Pit West Washington-at.
XfTANTED—TO RENT—FOR OCCUPATION J)E
--YY cembot lor January I. n good dry store,either
on VK or South Side, suitable for retail business; no
exorbitant rent paid. Address SEEDS. Tribune cflife.
-IXTANTED— TO BENT— KL’JINIMIIET)—IIV A
Yt tarty of voting giutleuieu. for lodging apart*
Kirnts, the upper part of r. house on Wabash or M tehb
ganavs., between Congress amt Twcntleth sts. Loca
thin over offices preferred. Address U W V, No. W
South CUntouHt.
VJANTED- 1 «OMK VERY FINE FARMS iO
Tl exchange for ituproredor unimproved UMivigo
propem*. You that want country houses, call and see
tne. Can furnish yon with 100 or up to I.RO acres with
good Improvements. I’. A. BROWN, Real Estate
A cent Room 5. No. STflstato st.
TO RENT-STORES, OFFICES, JL
mt) UKNT-1K 6T. LOXJIM«ATW*«
8 double front Nos. 21 and -19
et., I»ctw«fn Plnoai.d 01Ire*§f3.5 etom 4lxlfc feetto
alley; lately occupied by MeMraJDodd. Brown &Co.;
mweaalon tlvon January 1. Apiut to .1. B».
VAiiIEAuBOS., Real Estate Agents, Si 6 OUre-at,
St. Louis, Mo. __
mo REST-IX THOMPSON'S BLOCK. A SUITE
Jl hf 6 room*, first floor, Uphtand atrj, «uuab.a
for an hiiumrav company, nr nnr licbl 'l\r
n fire-proof vault. Appfy W V*M. IL THOMPSON,
■sa We*t Madleon-et. ___
IXO T'KXi*—OFFICE BOOMS: ALSO. FURNISH
od i.p«l-rooms mar be had in the prirntc T«v.U.onre
1V» between vTkhwU-RY. im
Stale st f mr»t Field A Lelter’a. __
110 RENT-TIHST AND BASEMENT. 40s
70, In in*n to bo about Decem
ber i'». n near V\*aha<di-.-vr,; fire-proof
AYRES A EOrF.frll Waba*h-or.
TO RENT—7O4 WEST LA KK-ST.—A DKSIRA
b’eeterefor dry poude or grocery bualacaa. In
quire eu
fiv* iTfnt’- basement, with first floor
1 ~*»;ofe-i fi-eb. n-i lnMo for any first class bust
rw».lKli. K H«bi R»i<t nwonaM,. an.
tu U.e.llate yoci.W'Mon. CH AS. AUSTIN, S7l
Wobarb-av.
TO KENT—FROM THE FIRST DAY OF 1«72.
etote* corner of Ualst.nl and Madt*oo-«t*.: finest
KW'iSlcn in tbe city. Jj. COLE A SON, Hoiuo Agents.
jss"Wot Miidlenu-Kt.
HOUSES ass carriaoi
tjor sa i,K—.to noon .Alv»t
r rccciTftl
JarJcmn-itt.; they must lie aulil ImmwiuU' ly it ye' l
want to imy bo pore and come and ace tiu-nl: Ton can
find any mwj you want cheaper than any other place
In the city.
FOR SALK—WE HAVE JUST received a
large in.w.ire of family carriages and mndne** ime
irioft t« unit the time®: also, a large lot «nved from the
file, little s-ctutehcd. which we will sell cheap. PEN
NOYKR, SJIAW A CO- 3T. and S.T Wabash av.
I7OR SALK—A NICK LANDAU. USED ROT A
f«w week*: coat 11.7C0, will aelllt for tI.WV Call
at 325 and 327 Wabaah-ar. PENNOYKR, SHAW A
FOR SALE—CHEAP—HORSES, SEC< tSD-II AND
atape hameea and wagon*, comer Tweaty-ulnlU
and State M a Z, I. P.
XT'ANTED-A SPRING TRUCK. CAPACITY
Y> 4.nro to «,oco, at 312 and 311 Weal Lake-st. J.P.
WARKENACO.*. ___
TV ANTED—HORSE. RUGOY AND HARNESS,
W in exchange fora lot In the Wo*t Dirl-doa, In
quire or address L. P. 11., av.
DOUBLE’ OR~ SINGLE TEAMS
>1 to haul coal. Steady employment all winter. An
wtyat Sc.lWMt Van Uiiren-Bt. CHICAGO «fc WIL
.MINGTON COAL CO.
TVANTED—BUSINESS JIOIISE. AND
W hanieaa; muM he cheap. Apply to TILDEN <t
EATON. Ml and ST South Hal*ted--it^__^ j _
lost AN» FO 1
A J.l BKRAI. REWARD Wll.L PF, PAI DTO THE
c\ Jjot who receive*! a numlo-boi at tin (1-fton
Honpe the morning of the thv, n< 7,'’^i, 0
the cilfion House, comer Washington and mu
atedst?.
LOHT-TRUNK-TAKEN FROM THE REVERE
Hooee at the great tire: It Is checked R. V. If.. No.
r.i. Any information. or the Mtim of thetrunk. will
Jm« liberally rewarded by O. P. RAKER, No. -W st.
John'aplare. Chicago.
LOST-VO REWARD. IF THE PERSON WHO
was seen taking a large Blxed trunk, marked W. 8.
Knight, Cblraro. wnth rn Mlehlgan-ar,, will return
MTOotoJ. W.DOANB A CO., cumer Peckcoart, Uie
ahova amoant will be paid.
OST-ON SATURDAY EVENING. BETWEEN
s and 3 p. m., a lady’s fnr cape, going from Lmc<iln
to ElDabethst. on Washington at. or Warrenav- A
snitahh- reward will bo paid It returned to 3Sj R t*t
Wnshlngton-at.
LOST— ON THE HTH INST.. N'KAH LEAVITT
and Rik*vHM. f a dark bay mare, with^ heavy tall
and mane, white star on forehead, unrt while on one
hind leg: alsmt 5 yean* old. A reward will ho
paid bv returning her t-*213 Paullna-st.. corner Err©.
MtCIfAKL HAUAyiN.
SEWING MACHINES.
Jn. LEROW CO., 1« JWELFTHST..
ecpplr the celebrated Blcce machine*. withALL
the extra attachment*, at the regular nrtoe. Thoo®
who lout their machine by the tro can hare new one*
on old contract®.
SINGER SEWING M.VCHIXEOTFICE OFJ.S
ELKINS, formerly m Dearl/ofiriit,, now 10. mu
wa*kce-ov. Machines sold od monthly mekalmonW,
and work given In payment. If desired.
TITKEP, 3TTNA AUD OTHER v IIVST-ChA*»
W M-wtcK machine® wld on easy m
acuta. Work taken la TOorllea
always on Lind. W. F.
UAGBXNEBT.
A SCES* ENGISEB, PORTABLE S TOj£HOBeB
tKjirrr: ihreehing. Sand iff-fforae;
rente, Foremcm’s oorn Ae3ler».to^ia*,
<v»r.i.tNS''EATON, Agent. 7D Booth Canal-at
FOR SALE—ONK TWO HCNDItEO HOItSB*
power low.rnvwnrs lieaui engine, with
Inr holler* and their connection*, in perfect otd«.
Coet (13,000; price (S.CA). E. S.WIN CHESTER CO.,
*nrt Fwleral Bt.. Boeton-
Snon SAI.&-STKAM BOILER OK TUB best
X 1 charcoal l»n. and make. nearlrnev. Size. 14 feet
long. M Inches diameter. St *Vlochdues, with
fr-nt wapW*. TT. TT. BHETBI.DT. 144 Fnllom^^_
PARTNERS WANTEDi
artner gbstlehan woe ld
like to atari a eon In commercial Utc. and offers to
ary firm of r>od standing la Chicago needing addl*
Hons! capital, to place capital Wi h
tartnenUp W secured to him In such Ann. Apply to
Lyman JACK SON. T»W«*»t Madlson-sL. Chicago.
rrtoJ. MASON PABKEB, Sown Foot Building.
Boston.
ABTNFB WANTED-WLTH a CAPITAL OP
flP.nnn to fJS.OOO to ronfiane of
leather bolting ftt Chicago trad.; well ummcHlT
fore the fire. For particular* \V 11. HIT
MABsn, Lowell, Maes., formerly ho. W- Late-et..
Chicago. ■i——»
Fob sai.lv—a very drsibarle lease of
a c«»od f-storr and basement brick hoo-<e with
timnA: litf saKoMart.wat *«g.Jg*SS
lor hiwlnws purposes, r
st- CILAH C. ArSTIN.STI ttsbash-ar.
■pOB PAT.K-APri.ES BT
emaDer lota. inbarrel*. Addrs«s T. j.*olta
Abingdon. Ktmi County. lUlnnla.
TO LEASE.
ma v vbk_o\ 1 OXG TIME. AT LOWBATRS,
T wm "I"" 1 a.mh.•Me“ArJlT^h
near Frwt Office excellent .twalion. C- S. YVALLEK,
M West Ma*Uson-*t.. np etair» _
OFCHBAP Brtl.D-
T°lnViota. A?K. or ILP. IT.. «t NVcav Madlson-at,
n rrisE-Jl FKET EAST FRONT 0> STATE
»t_ near Vanßnren. Old brick and stonoontbo
lot feSS? “rrir to a. or n. it. bulklry. w
West Madison St. |||M
■WANTED TO EXCHANGE.
■err VNTFIK-TO EXfITANOE-Sta ACRES SPLKN
'did timber land near Nashua. Jots, a.* part par.
rn.it nn clry property. IT. C. MOREY. 11« West Mad
TO RENT-ROOMS.
TO RENT A PLEASANT. FURNISHED
frontiooni, for two gentlemen, at 155 South U*L
aU'd-o*..
CITTREAIi ESTATE.
FOUHAIB-IIY IF. G MOKOT.m WEST MAUI
w'D-et, baslncw* property In West DirLilou.
Madison *t.—rx)xlK>, m ar HaUted, with stores.
hladleon-*t„ 2bxl to, near Dosplalnes, with store.
Madlaon-st., .Vixi23. m«.ir Centro-ar., wtlh store.
M.Kli.yu-bt., 2,'ixiso, near Loomls-nt., with cottage.
Madlson-st, 20x125. uoar I’anllna-st.. with stun?.
ilmllwni-BV, 40x100,corner Dcaplalnes-et., with brick
bulldlnp.
Clintou-hC, 40 foot comer Monroe-at.
Cliiiton-nt., no feet near Adanm-st.
(Tliiton-ht, W feet comer Jncknon-st.
Cllntoli-et., 42x150 fret near Van BnreauL
Clintoii-Mt.. 75x150 feet corner Tyler-st.
Cmifil-M.. lOfixirrfi fret corner of Jnrkson-st.
Coitop' and lot. 170 south Peoria *t.
Outape and lot, («rcen-i*t., near Van Daren.
Cottupc and leuersl lot. near Adam*.
hoa.-** ami jours’ lea-*a of lot, Ashland
av„/routine the park..
Two-etory new hou»e, and lons lease of lot, iformat;
on t*nh>n I'ark.
FOR SALK-il,ooo WILL HUY TflK IVUOOM
house, with lot 30x100. at No. 120 Wast Kinrle
suitable for bualnc<»B. E. U. CUMMINGS, «0 Ful
ton-fit.
I ’’OR ?AtE-3» FEET CORNER OF POLK AND
4 rrvqilaliip* at., for manufacturing, ou terms to suit.
Tcquireut Union Insurance anil Trust Co., 37 West
Madteon-fit.
T'OR SALE—OU OR TO RENT—THE HALL OP
JT the Bohemian Benevolent Literary Associatlou
siavatiska Llpa." No. "I an.l 7C Wont Taylor-at.
There Is a complete scenery for theatres, also very
good for concerts. Inqnite at 52S South Canal-fit,
on SALR-TUK BEST RESIDENCE LOTS IN
North Division, on Orchard ami Sophla-sta. Five
years' credit given am! cash advanced to bnU.L Par.
lira wanting homestead* should call on BALDWIN
A DAVIS, M South Halwtod-st.
OR SAL/;—LOTS OF ANY REQUIRED SIZE.
In either division of tho cltr, for mannfncturtng or
residence purposes, on long Uroe, without cash pay*
tneut. to parties who wish to improve immediately.
SNYDER A LEE, Real Estate Agents, Room H Nix
on Building, northeast cor. Monroo and LaSalle st*.
I’ SALE —OR EXCHANGE BUSINESS
4 property on Ibe North Branch, near N/Tth-av., 300
to XU) feet on river hy COO feet deep; suitable for a
brewery or any manufacturing busmess; one-fonrtn
cash; or will exchange for property in the burnt dis
trict. AN*>. lot JCby St feet. on Dearborn-fib. between
lake and booth Water-st*.; a bargain. WE HANS
BROUGH, fell Wabash av
For sale—house no. no eighteenth
st. between Wfthash-av. and Rtato-st.; two story
and Fngliah basement. 11 rooms, furnace, gts fixtures,
and all modern improvements; lot 22 by *1 feet; cheap,
JPWO—I-2 cash, or terms to suit. WM. iiANs-
BROUGH, 871 Wabaali-av.
For sale-two whole blocks in the
South Branch Addition, near Archer-av. and Ogden
slip. Also, several lots, suitable for any manniactnr
ln, business. WM. HANSBROUtUI, 371 Wabavh-av.
For sale-two good s-storv frame
houses with 11 and 13 rooms.’comer Thlrd-av. aad
Harrlson-et. Apply on promises at 101 TUird-ar.
For sale—3oxlso feet .south front on
Miidlson-ht.. between Desplalues and Ualsted-st.
Title perfect. only one conveyance fnuu government.
Very easy terms. BNYDEH A I.RE, Real Estato
Agent*. H Nixon Building. corner Mourno and La-
Salle-nto,
FOR SALE—BURNT DISTRICT—A GOOD BL’Sl
neaaloton Canal-et., on-long time, without any
money down. Inqnlreat soostale-at, from 10 lol.of
thoowner. O.J. KTOUGH.
FOR SALE—TWO-STORY FRAME HOLMS. U
nniniH, all modern improvements. ami bn josh*)
feet. on Monrop-st.. between Deeplatnes and Halstwl*
Mu. Easy terms. FNYDKK A LEE, Heal E.ital©
Agents. U Nixon Building, northeast comer of Mon
roo and La Sftllo at*.
For sale-two two-story frame and
btlck basement houses, all mortem Improvement*,
anrt lot .VUIOO feet, south front, on Washlugton-st.. be
tween Orton and Pcoila-ats. SN YLER A LI--K. Real
Estate Agent*. n Nixon Building. nortluwwt comer of
Monroe and I.a Salle-M*.
TXm SALE—OO FEET ON WELLS ST.. NEAR
r Mi-nroe-st; per loot. H. C. MOREY, lift NS Oit
Miidlson-st.
SUBURBAN R£AX ESTATE.
FOR HALE—HOUSE— AT “RIVERSIDE.” 1>;
quire cf E. T. WRIGHT, first house west of
church on Scottswood common, llm Aivision River
side.
IXOH HAI.K—HOUSE AND LOT. NEAR F.NULK
-4 wood, for Si.wo. payable. s.*>oo rash. and balance in
tiro years. S per cent. THUS. A. «K M. DILI-, 401
Wsbasleav.
FOR HALE-tn CHOICE BUILDING LOTS ON
UieHonth Hide, easy of access by finely improved
(tin t.i. Trices from fI4O to fno. each payable mio-iilth
cash, and balance In 1. and 4 years. 3 per cent. This
pr« perty Is beautifully located, net subject to city lax.
and ran be reached by dummy trains »u Rm-k Island
Railroad in s> minutes from the heart of tho city,
THOS. A. M. HILL. 401 Wab;ta!x-ar.
IaOU HALE-OH KENT. IN BVANSTON,
1 North Evanston, and Glencoe, houses of front!»to
10 rooms, atlowiiamros. Tricon Imm $1,300 to »6,000.
Rents from 110 to per month. Monthly payr.,,-ats
will buy ft home. O. K. BROWNE, Boom IS, No. M
Ceiiulst,
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE*
I?OR SALE—CHEAP. AND ON. EASY TERM**,
to clone an «Mtat«v> nrst-cl.vs residence, and grain
elevator, doing a largv bmdness, in best part of Illi
nois. Trice, *l-\OOO. Addleaa G. H. EDWARDS*, Lan
nth, Carroll Couniy, 111.
FOR sale—a GOOD IMPRQVKu farm of lit)
seres. K miles from ChJe* crt ts well tiniberct,
with b«*nse. bsm cTsuar- jU c J> irlosptl- Terms easy.
Address *INNQ tTI BarriUKtoti. 11L
F KXCIt ANGE—IOO ACRLS.OSL
dr, J“- ami Thornton,Cook County. JNO- J. MLU-
S? 1 Real Estate Agents. M East Harrisou-M.
PBAT. estate wanted.
TVANTED—TO BUT OR LEASE FOR A TERM
of rears, a large lot for manufacturing pnrpnftoj;
either tact or west »d the river, and north of twelfth
jt. mid cast of HuirUod. Adilrtvw E. N. FAi. Re*l
Ebtalc Dealer, 13 West Waahington-ftt.
XVANTEII—TO rURCHAHE— LOTS ON HUSI
TT ne«w etr«*ote In the W«*»>i Plvlnloji. for caeb. Aj>-
ply to wyr. H. THOM PSON. Wivdjtj^l*jijk__
BOARDrfIQ ADD I.ODQIHO.
OA ABERDEEN HT.—LARUE FRONT ROOM,
♦>\F eiiJtaMe for eeiitletiiHß and wife or two gentle
men; bouse with all modem improvement*: location
very central, abw one or two day boarders wanted.
J EIGHTEENTH ST. BOARD, WITH
4:i liamUomely furnlshal room for gonUeman and
wife, or too gentlemen. Al*-t day boanl. lUjfereucc#
exchauged.
O iQ WEST MADISON-ST.—AN ELEGANTLY
1:0 furnished front room to font; the mwt duulm
h!e situation !nUH‘SU/i amiable for agentleman and
wife or a putty of (our geuticuunu Extra table. Terms
moderate.
OQi WABASK.AV. FTHSTCUSS DAY
Board and Dinner* furnished.
A KA WEST TAVLOR-ST. A FEW BOARDERS
4:0" can bo aecomtpoiiated in a private family.
Hyde park—two large plrasant
rooms, with breakfast and snppcr. or late ilinnor,
in a private fnmllv. two minutes’ walk from dummy
am! f-tonm earn. Wo will receive four gentlemen of
unexceptional cliaractor whe desire such accommoda
tions. Address N. Hyde Park.
I CAN FURNISH A GENTLEMAN AND WIFE,
or two single gentlemen, with board. In private
familr at Evanston, at a moderate price; robldonoe
pearilepot. A. QII.LESPIK. P. O. ftor JETO. __
BOARD WANTED.
BOARD-BV TWO VO UNO MEN. A NICELY
furnished room, with breakfast am! supper. Must
1h» within 13 minutes’ walk of the Washington-st. tun
nel. Address. Mating terms. M .t D. Tribune oCico.
Board— a young gentleman desires
n furnished rr.om with tire and board in a private*
familr on the West Side, (food refcreucin given. Late
dinner preferred. Address, stating price sud location.
j.fA Tribune office.
Board— in a private family ry a gen
tlemrn and wife with two children, aged 9
and 15 rears. Two to trhee rooms required. furnHhed
or unfurnished. Address, with terms, II CM, Tribune
office.
BOARD-BY A GENTLEMAN AND SON. IN A
genteel private family, on West Side, within sit
or eight blocks of Sonth tl aisled and West Madison
sts. Address H H F.Trlhnne office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A STEAM FLOURING MTLT.OF FOURRUNOF
4-fe. t burrs. located on valuable riverproperty in
Michigan, for tale or exchange for productive Chicago
real estate Has every arcommiNlatlen for a desira
ble Investment. Price JI3.WW; terms easy; title with,
out incumbrance. Inquire of <s T.EE,
Real Estate Agents, H Nixon liulldiug. comer Mouroo
and
A WOOLLEN MILL. WITH M ACIIIXBItV TOM-
Plete and In running onler. for sale. M m sell at a
bargain. Inquired WM. MILLER. Pnncot'-n. IU,
A BARGAIN IN SEASON—SLAUGHTER AND
rendering house in complete running onler. near
St'>ck Ynnla. Steam boiler, pimid. Links, cooler and
tool**. To :J reliable party term* made wceeplable.
Apply CTIAS.II. MILLER at Slock aids, or at
43 Wret MadlMia-st.
A DESIRABLE DRY GOODS BUSINESS FOB
Pole in Cincinnati, of m years standing, and doing
asuccc*Rfslbnaine«A A safe Investment for anyone
wbUlnp t« engage In hnsineas. For
drees s. WILSON, Cincinnati, 0., or WILSON A
OUL’O, 771 Broadway. N. Y.
A WELL ESTABLISHED PACKING HOUSE
lu good location, with a big run of sustomers, for
wile. Apply at 437 south Caual-sL
Barber shop for bale cheap, ikr state
si. Call soon.
Drug store for sale-one of the
finest fu central Wiaromdn :fccatod in a, fl.mrtah
luc ritv of 4.000 InhaMtante. The oldest and best lo
catcil "drug store in tho place. Address H. BAS*
WORTH *fc S«‘NS. Milwaukee. Wlscon.-in.
Lumber yard for sale—wk ofpbkoub
stork, a general of nine inraner. about
400.000 feet, willi a good stock of doors and "MS at
prices we wrr« sollujg at previous to the recent ad
vance: liK*ate,lina town of about inhabitants;
no other lumber yard In the place sales «wn aaont
2.0C0.000 feet a year. Address N- BOOTHBk A CO.
Warren. HI.
Notice to brewers—hare chance to
make money- For sale. rent or loa*a <m good and
favorable term*. in the city of New Orleans, the well,
known Zeolly’a City Brewery, with ft flrat-cia/w her
room attached. eltufttod at t!ie comer of Ma*a»lne anil
Delord-etc., right In the.beart of the city. The build
in* was bnllt especially for the business, and Is fine
brick building, and in complete order, machinery and
everything. A plan of the brewerr can be seen and
also farther and more satisfactory Information canJx
had by applying to E, a. MILLEb, Money Order De
partment. Tost Office. Chicago, in.
ffvHE MACHINERY OF A FIRST-CLASS T-T.OUR-
X inp mill oh ern of it feet burr*, all perfect, situ
ated at Moline, all cheap for uah. or oiehaugo for
Cliii aco nr Kanex* tv.il estate, Eor a further descrip
tion addres* W. R. SIMPSON. 26 Weet Canal-aV. ot
W. J. KlDD.Mollne.
A A<\ SECURES HA I-F INTEREST IN UESl
nO‘‘v ness and gi.oooetocfc. charing sooo monthly.
No iHinn* or further capital. stMe-st.. R»om 2.
6PAA WILLBLTAHALP INTEREST IN A
SOU” genteel hostness that will pay that amount
per month. Apply at 130 West Waahlnjrum-et. Room I.
(N-1 AAA PICKMAN GW ATKIN WILL
OJLsUUUft djsptw\ for li.OM, of th.-lr lease
of. and intercut In, their dear business, 7d Mouth Ca
nal et. Lease to j.-*t May. 1*72. Stock and fixture* (at
n«-t) optional. Apply tn Mr. PICKMAN, Cigar Stand,
Clifton House, fnuu 12to 1 o'clock.
c*/• AAA TO f 10.000 TO INVEST—A YOUNG
uUtv'iU man wishes tn connect himself with n
w.-11-cetaMlehed wholesale house that has eoffonvi by
the Cre, and. upon satisfactory inducements, will In
vest the above amount. Is we'll ftCdtialntM with the
fruit, drug, and paint and oil trade, and would prefer
one ot these trade*: ha* an- unlimited Eastern credit■;
can give undoubted Chicago and Eastern
and would reotdro good reference* in return. Adore**
CHAM. H-KIRBY. Burlington.
FINANCIAi.
FIWVCIAL LOANS NEGOTIATED. COM
'orrtal'irai Trial EaUri >"“$K MSouti
loam dcn warehouse receipt*. D. o. LAK.R.« s*>mn
Clinlon-st.
1 ffONFY TO LOAN ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES,
formerly IW Dcarborn-st.
rwirt t.**N-MONEV ON CHICAGO REAL ES-
Ttat£°ots. HUBBARD. Jr.. 70 South Canal-st.
.vtvji _ ADJUSTED CLAIMS AGAINST
iu.publlc Insurance Company. Call on It. EOW
LEU, II outh t'aiml-st. __
fVTpA AAA TO LEND ON ILLINOIS
I property, for five years, st lOpcr
n-rt and ft comrol>«fon. 4. f. NICHOLS A CO.. Si
touth Canal-ot.
\ffLJTfKIW-M AI.T. HEM 1
Ollscelliiaeena.
WANTEH-TWO BOYS. FROlf K TO V, YEARS
ii of ape. pood nenm^n; those Uvtnc on the South
Plcle preferred. Call between 9 anil 9 o'clock today.
Uclou Pnhllfihing Company, Ift* Twenty-second-nt.
*TOTANTED—PINERY HANDS TO OO OPT TO.
11 day; free faro. Raborrrs to coSonth; also cheap
tickets sold t» all points Sooth. 21 West Randolphs^
T\TANTEr—TO LEAVE THIS DAY, 50 KAIL
road lalH>r«TH fur Southern Illinois. Compear
work; wacew. ?2 per day; free fare; no office foes, Aiv
jlj'at 210 West Randolph-*!,. hr the cijrar ston*.
X\TA>TED— Al.li I.AIiOUKIIS COISU
to Pl’j’ly at -lo West JUinl..lph *t.. wlierutlrVeU
can l»r h:v«l t» St. Lmii* for *7; Memphis. |l2: Vick*.
I'iirjr. sl7; Non Orleans, £2O. anil ntill lower n\t«» t»
Uu>e** *£oin?i lir boat t/iula. Uun't fyrset Ui«
niunh« r. 210 \sV>t Itamloljih Ht.
\>TANTED-TO LEAVE THIS DAY. SO MRS
Tt for Hie pineries, chopper*. sawyers. ami tarun
>tpr.>*; a winter's work. and five fan* riven. ANo
quarry and farm hand* wanted: i-hwp ticket* to cw
Snutli, Employment headquarter}*, Room .11 Uud’a
Rl<-« k. Randolph »t. bridge.
\\TANTHI>—A GOOD. STOUT COLORED ROT
I'Ta bather shop, Inquire at 153 West Uaa
delph-ht.
"VV T A.NTi;ii-MKX TO CALL AND EXAMINE
our new mm stu'ller capacilv *lx hu.-dniN por
hour, retails U>r*l'tO: wu-dly snfd In each county;
c.A*Udv;m-d Inn-day*. No charge for rivhts. Rond
imn u.iiitisL KIMBALL A CO., Isi West Mu*Usun
et Ktn.ni 12.
RookHcepern, Clerks, Are,
TCAETED-i OR 3 FIRST-CLASS SALESMEN
it In a wholesale hat and rap house. Thoae that can
command a large trade, will be dealt with on liberal
terms. Address Box Jfc.il, New York P. 0., with full
name and references.
WAXTED-A CLERK WHO HAS BKKN KN
IT tragi-d in the leather trade. O.«od reference en
quired. Address RR, Tribune office.
■\\TANTEI*— a CITY SALESMAN OP KX-
T i pertem-e In a wholesale whirl house. lAddm*.
with reference, R. A CO.. Tribune office.
•rtfTANTF.D—A TRAVELLING VIROCERY SALKS
TT man. s.itNfactory ref»-rencej« an to chimcler and
capacity required. Addrwa it., &&5 Wwt Washing
ton >t.
•'TT’ANTED IMMEDIATELY l> ItY GOODS
TT saleMiien win* under-land their lut.-dne-ts. Apply
Monday morning. Wlw« ul» and 10a. m.. at 14a and
Twenty-second-si. SIMI'SON. NOUWELL A CO.
Trade*.
\\TANTED TWENTY GOOD BRICK AND
tt sbrnemasons Immediately on TUml-av., between
Van Buren and Jackson-st*.
WTANTED— A FIRST-CLASS WATCHMAKER—
tt To a reliable man, steadv employment will bo
given. Address LUND A CANE, Marseille*. Ills.
WANTED— IMMEDIATELY—10 GOOD BRICK
masons and is cood laborer*. 00 the oornar
Twenty-tlrst-aL and Imliana-ar.
-T^taNTKD—IMMEDIATELY—IS GOOD BRICK
Tt moeuns on btate-at., 500 feet south of Van Duren-
TT-ANTHP-t*. BRICKLAYERS AT J. S. KIRK A
TT CO.'S bnlh’inc. No.v.s.an. audan North Water
fit., to whom liberal wage* will be paid.
XirANTED—TWO GOOD TUUNK-HOX
TT kerartheJilghest wogeaand etcady work. Ap
ply at 371
"W ANTE I’—A HOOT* LITHOGRAPHIC COLOR
i* artist. Heart specimens, and soloar expected, to
T. SINCLAIR, and bCS Norlh-st, Philadelphia.
TVANTEIV-CAl* MAKERS. ALSO GIRLS THAT
11 hare worked cm cap*. Inquire ut Z! Unrlcy-aL
\T r ANTED—A GOOD W ATCHMAKKK-SIXGLE
V T man rrefcmfd. Noro bnt the best tuH>dapply.
For a first-class workman t v e moat liberal terms Kill
be offered. Address, giving references, MANN «fc
IIOBNADAY. Keokuk. lowa.
SITUATION WANTED A MAN Wild IS
skilled In mnhvrlglitlngaiid carpenter >:k wishes
a elniiu-e to superintend a job <>f bulldm.*. Rcfercaca
given. Apply r.t JIU Went .M.ulison .st.. U>*-*:irJ.
XT-YNTED—A GOOD TAILOR. AT "77 ARCHER.
it SV. call on (Monday; gn.iram.vd steady cm.
ployment.
CARPENTER ANDSCKNIO
TT art's! fur the new f’n-ulre. Inquire f. «r C. GAR
DINER. nIT 7 Ilal-led-sf.. Monday morning.
\UA.NTKU-A (iOrtli BRASS Vnn.Dßlt; ONK
TT who can also do finishing: air I chance ss part
ner, if worthy. Address a. WITTE. Kansas City, Mo.
\\TANTKD—TWO FIRST-CLASS CAUINET
i? makers, with bench and tool*. Apple to HENRY
M. till UUWUOU, U« South CMiuUt.
■WANTED—A Fins’RCl.ASs’ SILVER POIU
v v Ishor. who understand*. bulling. can ha' rt» tma.
Hi nt employment by applying at Die Nick'd Works,
reap of I ni<m Brass Companr Fa.dorr, ciinb-u-31.
XVANTED-A GOOD BOOTMAKER; AW>
TT one man on repairing, at REN I) HUEY'S
tiortliwvrt corner Van llim-n and Je.Tcrsous>».
Htoadr employment given.
WAKTEU-rEMAIB
4 T!i».rellnneons.
WaNTF.D-GOOD Gfß:> FOR ALL KINDS OP
ju<iiM‘u*erk. In tlrst.cla-w places. Arqdyto Mrs.
THOMPSON. UTU Stule.st.
Domestic#.
Xr r ANTFD—A SWEDE OR NORRTGTAN Ofßlii
TT t" do >»«*ond work Applyat at' l Michigan *v.
WANTi:i'-A ITK-T-CI.\HS Ci>.*K AT THIS
IT Ilteiils House. Nine sued apply witleeil good r*t
crcnce.
Sonin-lressc«.
■WANTED A GOOD SHIRT AND DRESS
maker, at MRS r.UT.KN, ZM Thinl-Rv.
\VANTED—A UNDRESS-ONE OF
TT exiifrieucv, aissq WabatUav, rofer«nc«
required. _
srrnATioNs’ wasted i*a£b. a
illlaccllnnnoQM.
OITUATTON WANTEP-RV A YOUNG MAN I*
O yearn old. in a hotel. Mllt.inl ball, or restaurant.
Can give bc.nt of reference. Addroa* HARRY P.
SCOTT. Rex .VA Milwaukee, Win.
CITUATION WANTEP-r.IN FITUXISir nrs
d'dlara to anv party airing gornl accuritr.
Addree* JOHNSON. Tribune cilice.
Doobkrrper*, Clcrka* Ao
CTTUATION WANTED-RY A YOUNG >IAN
O who baa been cmnloved the pv>t J> voarn as book,
ket-per In a wholesale grocery at« re of thiv city,
in the same capacity. Rent of rvferonco from ttn.
ployer. Adddreen Tribune office.
SITUATION WANTED—IN A BANK OB
banking Institution: twelve years' oxoorlenoo;
ondnobted roftrtuce and security given. P, O. Box
LV>. ChiCAgo
Trmlrtc
SITUATION WANTED-BY THE ADVKRTT
mt. with «n architect or builder: has botu nprtc*
tlriil*”*! *ht:<*riiical knowledge »»f the building tnwlo
tu aU ’IU braml.ed, planning estimates. a
tlret-class carpenter. 'Addrots it F V li, T I’rlco-plaoe,
DCSJllalCOrt-St.
SITUATION WANTED—AS FOREMAN IN A
carpenter anil Joiner shop, with a llrst-traas builder;
have luul twenty-five years’ experience as a workman;
have been accustomed to lay out work for a large
number of men am railed a good workman in soft nr
hard wood tiniiA; have a thorough practical know*
ledge of stair building in all its paato; can give good
references as to character and anility to diseliargn tho
duties of a foreman in a large shop. For my address,
call at Tribune oflice. FOREMAN.
SITUATION WANTED—BY A THOROUGH. OAR
penter and Rnilder to erect bsiildings either by the
daroraia vervj reasonable percentage. Address A
K's. 3Y>Statc-s\.. Chicago.
bitoatioss wasted-femais
lUfoccUoneotta.
SITUATION WANTP.I*—BY A YOUNG LADY OF
experience, a.- tialeidady in fancy or millinery atom
underatunda trimming —or as copyist, Address
SAI.KSIA I>Y, Tribune office.
Dome* cf re.
SITUATION WANTED—RY A COMPETENT
girl a** a chambermaid and waitress in a small pri
rate family. Omni city reference given. Call, or ad
dress x*:> Centro av.. nearTwolftli-fct.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED—FOR THE HISTORY OP
tli* Great Conflagration; Chicago, Its Past.
Present, and Future.” Tho origin, procrea-*.
ami results of the Great Chicago Conflagra
tion: graphic scenes, incidents, and details ol
the disaster; list of the principal hankers, manufac
turers, and merchants who are lasers; a complete pic
ture of Chicago, before and after tho Are; the trade
and commerce of Chicago, and detail* of Its municipal
affaire, and th« great Area of the world. By (lee. P.
Upton and James Hheahan. Editors of Tho Chicago
Tribune. a book of about 4flOpagcs, itimtratcd by Ota
best artists, and will be worthy the confidence of
all. Will be sold exclusively bv subscription. Agents
wanted in everv town. Address UNION PUB
LISHING CO., liOS Twenty second-st., Chicago. 11L
Agents wanted —ta to m a day. in
every county In the United States, to sell a newly
patented article of great utility and absolutely needed
m every household: For further particulars addrosa
THE CHAMPION MANUFACTURING COM
PANY. Cleveland, O.
Agents wanted-bso a month i employ
xnentl Extra Inducements! A premium horae
and wagon for agents. We dexire to employ agent*
for a term of seven years to sell the Buckeye |2O shat
tie Sewing Machine. It maker a stitch alike do both
side*, and la the beet hvw-prioed licensed machine In
the world. W. A. HENDERSON <ft CO., Cleveland,
0.. or St- Lonls, Mo.
Agents wanted— kvkhtwhkuk to
wnd their nnmi‘4 and rocciro (frw*) <»ur now
lirt of b'-oks ♦••.i» Hallr Mdablo for the holidays. Good
at all timri. but «t thU f*i*ui*on uuriv;«lb-<l.
t<-rtn*. E. JIANNAFOKIi ,t CO.. PUbb-h. of first
clasa subfcriptimi book.-*. 21j Wot
Chicago.
AO IWTS WANTED FOR CHICAGO AND
the Great Coiulagration,’' by Meagre. Colbert ana
Chamberlin, of The Chicago Tribnne. A concwe
history of the peat cf this scat wonderful of cinee, and
a detailed, circamatautlal. and moat vivid arconnt ot
lt*> deatmctlnn by fire, with eeenea, Incidunta. &e- To
be complete in one handsomely bound octavo volume
of about 600 page*, with numerous Uiaatraaona by
Chapin A Gnllek. from photographie views taken ca
the spot- Agents’ boond preepectus fpriae,^SOcUnow
readv. Forclrcialars. eta, address J. s. GOODMAN*
Publisher. U South Green-st.. Chicago.
Agents wanted—in everv town and
cnnnty to wll the latest and most novel invention
for marking linen, books, cards, ete. Pend for circular
to A. M. RICHARDSON. General Western Agent. US
South sangamon-st, Chicago.
Agents wanted—to sell pictures and
maps showing burnt district. Send 2S cent* aw
receive samples and terms to agents. It- B- DAN
DON, A pent. No. S Usd Block.
Agents wanted— everywhere for the
Home of God’s People. The grandest and nuw*
successful now book oat One agent f**ok Dtordewm
10 days. Onr circulars (sent tree! wIU nartte
atari; rirm., etc. A ■Urea. M. A. PAItKEB i 00,
is; South Morran-af.. Chicago. TIL
MISCELLANEOUS.
CEMENT PIPE CHIMNEYS PUT
75 cents nor foot in one or two hours, ornamental
chimney tops, various patterns. c<mcret£gln *t*
branches. Send for circular. Hyde Park Cemoat
Pipe Works. Iljde Park. _
tVORCES WITHOUT NEWSPAPER REPORT.
in>n real estate, and common law businw*.
NEWELL PBATT7 sUte and United SUteaAKO*-
ttey. 1124 Wahsah-av.
D' IVUKCEM LEGALLY OBTAINED TOR DJB
sertlon, cruelty. Ac. Fw after decree. Soaadal
Avoided. Eight years' experience. AddteM P. O.
Box ICB7.
L" AM A R. GARDEN CITY. AND STATE. Op CHll
Mgo. Cash paid forpollcie* by SUUFELDT
BALL. Attorneys. 2ld V.*esl M adison-st.
MRfS. N. M. NELSON. DRESSMAKER, PROM
3T.7 OhJwiL, has located at 65 Warren-av.. near
Union Park.
ONE HUNDRED TEAMS AND «PIVJS lIDN-.
dred nu*n furnished at short notice, or contracts,
taken for removing rubbish. Leave orders at K.
SAUNDERS*. No. 9 South Caaal-at. MACDONALD
A CAP.TTER.
WILLIAM H- THOMPSON, BEAL ESTATE
11 Apeut«.2S WertMadUonrt., Thompson'* Elnct;
nuts collected, property bought and sold. West Side
preff-rty a specialty.
QOfTK A MONTH. EXPENSES PAID-MALE
fj or female agents; horse and oatflt tnd
nlahed; business now; circulars free. Addratt
\nwtTvco..yifoK<
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
T?OR SATE—A NEARIiY NEW SEVEN-OCTAVK
X piano. Also, a flno parlor set, *5 a great hargala.
Inriulre at 306 We«t 3lonme*fit.
PIANOS TO ROT ANB FOR SALE: ALfW.
tuned and repaired. N. OOOI.D Cfc SON, l*S*
Pratrte av., near Twenty jboond B.