6
THE RELIEF: WORK
Hie Administration of Affairs
at the Church of the
Messiah.
Detailed Statement of the Workings
of the Bureau of Spe
cial Relief.
Mode of Transacting Business—Efforts to
Conserve nil Feelings and
Interests.
Why Some Applications for
Belief are Neglected.
intervlews with Rev. R. Laird Collier
and Louis Wahl, Esq.
In Tub Trzbukb yesterday morning was pub
lished report ol the remarks of several ■well
known clergymen of this city, with reference to
the workings of the Bureau of Special Belief. As
some of tlie statements implied an altogether
wrong administration of affairs, a reporter was
yesterday detalled.to on Interview with the Rev.
Robert Laird Collier. Secretary of tho Bureau, for
such light as that gentleman could give. The re
porter found Mr. Collier in the middle of his busi
ness—the somewhat ungrateful task of relieving
distress. The room in which he was found was
in the basement of his church. At the further
end of the room, in an enclosure, was seated Mr.
Larded, who was continually colling out to some
body to sit down, and. from the frequency with
which the injunction was reiterated, it ap
peared as if every one in the room had
manifested the zaoat determined objection to
everything but perpendicularity- Mr. Collier eat
at a little desk, while two or three assistants
were scattered around at tables in the enclosure.
The room was filled with applicants for relief, of
both sexes, most of them plainly bnt neatly
dressed. Everything presented a most orderly
appearance. The reporter, amid a series of In
quiries as to why he did not sit down, who he
was, where he was going, and what ho wanted,
thrust upon him in each close order as to admit of
no conceivable reply, reached Mr. Collier, and
bending over, asked him if he could spare him a
few minutes for an interview in an adjoining
room. Mr. Collier left bis tabic', and understand,
ing what was asked of him, took the reporter into
the order room, where the following conversa
tion occurred, for the information contained in
which the thanks of the render are duo to tho
reverend gentleman, who submitted to the ordeal
with exemplary patience and serenity:
THE INTERVIEW.
Reporter. Bid you see the report of the meet
ing of the Executive Bureau in this morning’s
Tribune 1
Mr. Collier. Tea, I did 1
Reporter. What is your opinion of it
Mr. Collier. Vo have nothin# to say about it.
Reporter. Is not this the Special ReUef Com.
xnittco referred to by the gentleman at that
meeting t
Mr. Collier. Their.committee acting here was
elected bj that bureau. We are their servants.
They have made no complaint at all.
Reporter. Xot officially f
Mr. Collier. Not at all. The first we saw of
any complaint was in the paper this morning,
and I am the only member of the committee who
has seen it, and I saw it Incidentally, and wo
have nothing to say to it.
Reporter. Do you suppose that any of the
charges made are correct)
Mr. Collier. Well, I saw nothing but what was.
in The Tribune. What are the charges f The
first is that we havered tape, and my bumble
opinion Is that wo have not enough of it to pro
tect the very sacred trust. The Executive Com
mittee of the Relief and Aid Society, and all tho
men who have come here, have given their time
without stint and without pay, and are of tho
sacred conviction that wo must protect ourselves
still more, or we will be swamped, and our funds
swamped, and the but of God broken down, and
judgment-day annulled.
Reporter. Do I understand that all the gentle
men here are working voluntarily)
Mr. Collier. Yea, except the' clerks and boys,
who wo aro paying $2 a nay. There is no mem
ber of tne committee who is being paid.
Reporter. That js, all tlm clerks you employ
are paid t
Mr. Collier. I>ot at all. Everything passes
under the eyes of E. C. Lamed and R. L. Collier.
Reporter. How many clerks havo you in your
employ f
air. Collier. AVe have—there was nothing aboi
u >..v —uine nua uiiiuuig<i>,..
tii« clerks in the statement this morning. [Here
a lady came up aud spoke to Mr. Collier for a few
minutes, in reference to an application that had
been made by her for relief fora woman whose
name she had neglected to give.] There is a case
in point; that July wanted us to give relief toa
jierson whose name she did not furnish, and I ad
dressed her a note, telling, her that the name
must be given. About that meeting over there
1 suppose it was composed of somebody.
Reporter. There were some very respectable
f wit lemon there—the Rev. Mr. Morgan, of Bt.
lark's.
Mr. Collier. We have received, I should think,
juoie applications, in a more irregular way, from
him Ilian any name that is given to us.
Rcpoiier. Don't you think that Is owing to his
lirtvmc »large district!
Mr. Coll.er. TJie Rev. Mr. Tuttle applied tons
for wc:l; tj do. :m lwe could not grant it. One
of the oiler reason* why they were not pleased
with the action tiie committee Is this; Mr.
Tuna- n application fors3oo for his aister-m
--law. and we declined to cive it. AVo have some
nf thu cons aud heaviest balls to lire into
rt<- 1* ef .lute fellow-;
Rep* :I* T« e soreheads. as you call them—
M*. i\ Wien the ftnocmiins.
1:> pc* There i-; o«e i-ing l want to get at.
.i cl* e nw an hlcrt of your system of doing
t: n,C:
I r i-j ii.st Judicious to make any
f. v; w »:k. Wo want to cou-
J.-. JUtl iC^tC.
i fnv j *:»e clerks I
-A have nuru'iig to do with
aiejneati utuda wore to tho ef
I hui. svliere immediate
i ti• »v; v.v. r..hct* »l liLeauio the up
j.; 1 1- v.* 11 n..: mad- <-;U In regul n* form.
M-. rn".\, 1 ll«!w f-u v.e help it t What do they
lUpojtcr. 1 w in. give you an instance, Mr. Tut
t :t> i,.i :.ti> lb s’i*; n, wmain who was very
j!«. and xvj o. without immediate assistance, was
I’/.M* fi. a c.m-ii-jato for Oakwoud. Ho sent
;ji? tl*. li i<»r vHU I for her. tdgned by him- t
I; Ja-r r.-llntr i*hv#;irUn. Four days af- t
t*rvj«rt) lu* n-ccivrd it hart by mall. with a re-
oiU'.-t tl.i.t it made out .n regular” term.
Mr. CVllliT. IVbut diJ he suggest? I
Eel tiler. Don’t von ».hin’: an application of i
ihi.AmU ought W be sulhclenti
Mr. Coiller. Suppose lin xas the clergyman that i
r s v,d for his slstcr-in-law—wouldn’t you
Duller guarantee! The whole thing i
j.. i:tuaii:«l«'i>to4Hl. ,\Ve are aiding under ioslruo- j
tlonKfr«*m the Chicago Belief and Aid Society.
We «n-their'H'rvania as well as the servants of. i
this bureau. Till* bttre.tu is simply advisory, ac-
voiding to their name—to counsel and assist.
j»« «'r voii Fee! Nothing hut an Advisory Com-
inlin e’. We want to serve n moral element and
jmlxr.ien* In ir. Wc want the clergymen to ad-
i-ipo with us—not mludd n meating and criticise,
hut t«* come over Lore and tell u« what they want i
<imio. One of them, a reverend friend of mlue, j
went to Wirt Dexter, the other day, complaining j
of the committed. Mr. Dexter beard him alt
through and said to him. “Do you understand
tills whole manor!” “Yes" said he. “Well.
then,” said Mr.Dcxter, “you are the very man. I
have bet n looking, for.” Said he, “You believe
you can run that thing. The men that are there
are working it and trying to run it, and don’t
acviutorun itright,you think. Do you bellovo
you can do It! If so, I will have you there in 15
minutes. I’ll take you over In my buggy, and
put vou at the head.” No, no,” says the clergy
man. “I can’t. I can’t give my time to it.”
“Well,” says Mr. Dexter, “do you know of any
one having your Ideas who can run it!” “No,”
was the reply. “Well, says Mr. Dexter, “yon
get out of here. Leave. You can’t render any
assistance. You can criticize, hut you can’t help
do the work.” 1 think Mr. Darned would give a
thousand dollars, and 1 would do the same, to get
out of here and get some one to take our places.
I have given my- time to it from morning
to night. It was a mere accident
that 1 came into ID I happened to
ho on the Belief Committee, and this thing was
pressed on me, because nobody else know how to
go at it. It has been brought about slowly. We
tried to do It in a way, ana came near swamping,
and wo tried it in a different way, and it’s work
ing beautifully. Tho-Eer. Mr. Peterson, a Ger
man, on the North Side, has never sent an appli
cation here that has not been honored instantly,
because the questions were answered delicately,
with oourteousness, and propriety, and in every
instance, without exception, relief has been
granted. In the same way, I think, Mr. Looko,
and Mr. BoUlvan, and Bishop Foley have sent In
a great many, and I do not think there is a single
instance—there may have been—where it has not
been finally granted. I might mention other
ministers in the. city whose. applications,
because correct, have been also honored.
Others again will send a slip of paper as long os
your finger, giving. no reason for their endorse
ment, and when, wceome to question the appli
cants, we find them frequently not snob people as
we want to attend-to. Do they suppose that
with the signature of a clergyman it will bo snfil
cicatt Mr. Lai nod says it won’t be with him. I
don’t think there Is any complaint- I have not
beard of any. The Executive Committee thought
Umt the only fault was that we were too loose
down here—too quick-hearted. There has been
no oase discussed in the Executive Board, ithas
been that we were inclined to be too quick in re
lief—not sufficiently guarded in granting ro-
TTnoirta from people. That has ‘been no fault
take a work of .this kind, and it la inevitable
that there will be some cases insufficiently at
tended to, and the committee have been exceed
ingly sorry in every instance. They know who
the committee are over there.
Eeporter. How many employes have you In
your branoh-men that you are paying!
Mr. Collier. We have two entry clerks, three
order dorks, two messenger boy a.
Beiporter. Is that all f
Mr. Collier. Yes.
Beporter. How many gentlemen are engaged
here altogether, paid and unpaid 1 _•
Mr. Collier. Those who are paid X have given
you. Then there Is Mr. E. C. Lamed. IxjuJs
Wahl, G. B. Chittenden, B. G. Caulfield, E. P.
Goodwin, Mrs. Joseph MedUl, and myself, who
have acted on the committee.
Beporter. What hours do you keep t
Mr. Collier. Prom 9 o’clock until i o’clock we
receive applications, and pass upon them. From
3 o'clock until about 6 we pass upon oases in
volving sums of money,—rent, and things of that
sort that wo have to look into. Mr. Earned at
tends the meeting of tho Executive Board every
evening, and reports the work of the committee.
X Mfcaj Ua o-H*iuaUod, bat
to give it up on account of my
jjca* w i ana other engagements. Tlio clerks work
8 until 6 as a rule, ana quite frequently in
the evening, making out orders, and writing up
what has been dope,
Reporter, SappMft there are a great many peo
ple for relief at 1 o’clock, the time of cloa-
Vng, how do you manage!
Mr. Collier. We can’t do anything. They hare
to wait. You see what a crowd there is hero
now. If wo stop to got through with thorn, whoro
would we bo
Reporter. They will have to wait until half
past two!
Mr. Collier. .Until 2 o’clock. Why don*fc they
come over and help us, and stay .here and go
through with it—give their time to it. Any per
son will bo acceptable on this committee that the
Executive Board approve of. I would like to get
off and have somebody toko my place. 1 have
never been eo miserable in health In all my life,
as since I have been hero. It is work which the
Executive Committee and those here think I have
some little faculty for, or I would gladly leave it
—give it up. I have avoided passing an appli
cation. lam the only member of the committee
whose name does not pass for anything on an ap
plication. Even xny own people have had to go
to somo one else. Hr. Earned represents one sec
tion of people, Mr. Wahl another, Mr. Caulfield
another, and their names are recognized on ap
plications, and all I, the Secretary, hare to do, is
to see that the application is In form, so that the
order clerk cannot make a blunder, and simply
put my name to the application to show that it
has been attended to. It does not cuuorao it. My
duties are simply clerical. I do not pass upon
applications. I navo avoided it, because I was a
minister. The ministers all over the city have
been treated with the greatest consideration.
Their requests,! should say, nine times out of
1 ten. were passed upon their mere signature.
Reporter. It has been so.
Mr. Collier. Certainly. Nine times out of ten.
That Is what wo seek. We ask them to protect
us, and give us their names.
Reporter. Bo I understand, Mr. Collier, that
every application has to be investigated by the
Visiting Committee!
Mr. Collier. No. we do not have any, except In
cidentally. For instance, a young lady came this
morning upon the recommendation of a Catholic
clergyman. We found she was an utter stranger,
and ought to have sympathy and acquaintance.
We asked one of the ladies of our committee to be
good enough to visit her and get her Into pleasant
quarters and keep her cut of the street. We do
not go back on the clergyman’s signature In any
case whatever, unless it is apparent on the face
that the clergyman has been hasty in order to
get rid of the applicant.
Reporter. Are you acting at all under instruc
tions from the Executive Committee I
Mr. Collier. Altogether.
Reporter. You do nothing on your own respon-
Not at aIL Mr. Lamed comes from
them with instructions that we are to do this or
do that. Wo would be In endless confusion if we
did not. Look at all these districts all over the
city doing the same work we are. Where a per
son is aged, or Infirm, or tbo circumstances of the
family such that they cannot apply to their dis
trict they come here. Now, we must protect our
selves against duplicating the work of these dis
tricts all over the city. That Is all our red tape
means. Ido not suppose I can speak on behalf
of the committee, but wo arc entirely satisfied, so
far as I know, with the help we have rendered,
with the working of the committee, with the
clerks. They hare worked most admirably. Wo
have picked them. We have tried and tried and
tried, until we have picked men for the work
who ore doing their work efficiently and cour
teously. No person has any right to speak to a
clerk; they speak to us. They are behind us,
writing all day, and frequently during the even
ing.
Reporter. I would like you to give me an Idea
of your system. Suppose an application is sent
in. signed by a clergyman, what do you do!
Mr. Collier. Have you seen our form of appli
cation 1
Reporter. No. _ _
Mr. Collier, (to a clerk) Get one. [The form
of application, in addition to stating that tho
office of the Committee of Special Belief, an
auxiliary of tho Relief and Aid Society, Is at the
Church of tho Messiah,contains tho following:
“This certifies that tbe undersigned personally
knows who suffered by tho late fire, and
formerly resided at No. and now resides at
No. and is worthy of relief, and I recom
mend the following.”
Beneath this is u blank space for the specifica
tion of articles needed by the applicant. The fol
lowing questions are required to bo answered by
each applicant for special relief: What is your
present and former occupation! Rate of wages
now received! Are you married or single! Num
ber of children, and their ages! How employed!
What Is the total income of tho family per week!
Have they any property, If so, what amount!
Had they insurance, and In what companies!
Are you receiving aid from any source! Have
you reason to expect any! Have you applied to
tho depot, in the district In which you reside, for
relief, if not, for what reason!
Mr. Collier. The last question turns away
soma. Some men and women come here who can
just as well go to the district in which they live,
aid healthy people who can walk, and if they are
turned uway, and have to wait, they don’t like it.
Some of them toll us that they have, been told
that they enn come down to the Churshofthe
Messiah, and they could get nicer things. They
come herd and make their application, and if we
attended to It, we would do tho work of the
whole city. Some, when wo ask them if they
have been to their own district,say “No; wo
were told to come here and we could get better
stuff and more of it.”
Reporter. What kind of an answer would you
tbink a sufficient ground lor giving relief In
those cases f
Mr. Collier. Sickness in the family, ngedness.
or a woman about to be confined, wo have had
20 such case®, where they must have relief lu
the way of baby clothes, and warm garments, etc.
We have hud 60 cases where some delicate condi
tion of that kind made this bureau absolutely
necessary, aside from high orlbw, or rich or poor.
Reporter. All you require is tho signature of
a clergyman, or a delegate from a benevolent as
eocintioii!
Mr. Collier. That is all. Wo never go back on
I thntiftL'c questions are properly answered. Tho
1 number of application is put on tho index, and
passed over to the order clerk, who makes out
the order for them, and then wo send them In
here. Tho next room is the store room. If a
man says, I want a pair of pants,”
we try to lit him. If a lady wants
a dress or underclothing wo try to accommodate
her. Tliis morning we hail a great many applica
tions. Here, as yon see, there are now fourteen
people waiting for their orders to bo filled. Three
men arc making them out all the time. There
ought to be six to do the work. They will have to
work this evening if they don’t oatch up.
Reporter. Is every day’s work closed up at
'night!
Mr. Collier. Yes.
Reporter. Between tho time of application and
the time they get tho orders, how long a time
cl apses 1
Mr. Collier. About 30 minutes, if everything Is
all right.
Reporter. Is there.any necessity for a longer
dela f
Mr. Collier. Tho men work as fast ns they can
write. If a person is unable to answer tho ques
tions, the orders are not given them until the ap
plication is iu shape. I cannot speak for all tho
committee, hut for myself I have never seen a
more courteous, gentle, patient, gracious set of
men and women together, than there is on this
committee. Mr. Earned is one of. tho most Just,
qniek of honest appreciation all the way. I have
mat learned to revere tho man, hois so just and I
‘impartial, and patient. Ho takes tho greatest
pains with the most humble to explain and make
sindcht the way for everybody.
[The reporter here showed Mr. Collier a para
graph condensing tho views of the Rev. Dr. Bart
1-tt, expressed at the meeting on Monday, with
reference to the discourtesy on tho part of the
1 Mrl'celiler. I doubt whether ho meant this
bureau here. He might have meant tho depart
ments elsewhere the city.
Reporter. I understand that tho meeting there
was it* ecn«lder this bureau, especially.
Mr. Collier. Because when Bartlett has been in
we have had a good loving time. I have given
hiii) money for applications ho has made. X think
he could not refer to this bureau. Ido not think
»nv of our tempers have given way. Ido not
lifnk Bartlett meant this committee. I cannot
Mnk he did. I think ho must mum tho other
depots, because there is no great reason why wo
could not keep our tempers. I certainly should
rind great fault with myself if I gave way with
temper.
Reporter. It Is charged by somo people that
there Is a great deal of extravagance, iu distri
buting the relief—that tho machinery for running
the department is a great deal too costly for tho
good it docs.
Mr. Collier. I do not know. That is what wo are
trying to guard against. You see our trouble
here is wo have not force enough to catch up with
our work. The fellows are working all tho. time.
And can’t talk beyond onr own department.
Reporter. How many applications do you re
ceive in a day!
•Mr. Collier, Fifty that wo pass on. Wo are up
to i.soo, these being special cases. Wo have
glvcn them a great deal of courtesy and consider
ation, and. while doing it, we have ran up to
.12,000 families. My only fear is that wo have not
been guarded enough.
Reporter. XH* you give money to any people I
Mr. Collier. Yes.
Reporter. In what amounts.
Mr. Collier. I believe never above S3O; and wq
put it In the shape of rent.
Reporter. Always!
Mr. Collier. Not always, hut generally. There
are very few instances where It is not for rent
or some immediate distress, but it is in small
sums.
Reporter. In case you have not any goods of
the kind wanted, do you give tho balance of tho
order in money I
Mr. Collier. Wo have boon fortunate enough,
generally, to have Iho class Of goods they do
want.
Reporter. Have you any idea how muon yon
have expended!
Jfr. Collier, In what way I
Reporter. The value of tho goods and money
given out.
Mr. Collier. No; it is on tho books, however.
(An application was hero handed to Jlr. Collier
by one of tbo clerks.)
Mr, Collier. Hero is an application signed by
tho Rev. Mr. Sullivan, all in shape (reading),
Flense duplicate these things.’’ I suppose
there has been previous application in this case,
and all the questions answer© d<
Reporter. What articles aro asked for in this
easel
Mr. Collier (reading). Ono water-proof cloak;
calico or delaine for wrapper; 3 pairs cotton
stockings; S chemises: 3 pairs drawers; 3 flannel
petticoats: one warm skirt; i pair of boots (No.
41-2); 1 pair of rubbers; 1 warm shawl; 12 yards
of block alpaca. The applicant; was a woman;
was a boarding-house keeper; has received no
wages; a widow, with ono married child; no in
come saved a few trifles from the lire could
not apply to the District Relief Committee, be
cause health would not permit." It U all made
out properly. Ho sent this in; It is approved
by the Chairman. I see the items are in
shape so that the order clerk wiU get the things
right. It Is pnt In tho box, and If she don’t call
forlt we notify her that it is waiting. Here la
another application, of a widow with eight chil
dren. They have nothing, and have not applied
anywhere tor relief. They want four pairs of
sheets, four pairs of pillow cases, four pairs of
blankets (there aro seven bods,eight children and
a grandmother), overcoats and salts of clothes
for two boys of 9, twins; the same for a boy of
H and for ono of 12, and overcoats and a suit of
clothes for young men of 18 and 21.” There
would bo a case requiring Investigation. We
would want to know whether these boys of 18
and 21 aro earning anything. Wo would stop
there, notwithstanding the signature of the cler
gyman (the Rev. E. Sullivan), and Inquire If they
aro not earning anything. Why! Tho clerk
would hand that to mo and ask' If I
had overlooked it (Continuing .to read)
three. shawls, twenty-four yards of nice
red flannel, 24 yards of white cotton for under
wear. 24 yards of warm stuff for dresses.” lam
glad you got this.. No man who has this fund
sacredly at heart could neglect to ask why those
bovs of 19 and 21 should have a suit of clothes
treading again), twelve cups *nd saucers, 12 soup
plateMvegetable dishes, 2 pitchers, 2 largo meat
dishes, and 1-2 a ton of coal.
Reporter. You think you would not give tho
W S2?oSu«? Wo would.not, without some in
quiry as to whether tho order s. ould be filled.
q Reporter. How does tho number of your em
pire* compare with that of otoer h^quarUre!
Mr. Collier. I don’t know anythin* "hont It.
Weimvoouiy Jhg host mm wo con obtain.
ME CHICAGO TEIBUKE WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, ls/1
and tlio very fewest that can do the work by
woi king them nearly to death.
Reporter. That is an injustice to yourself and
to them.
Mr. Collier, We feel when any of the brethren
cornu around that want to take our places, that
wo would like to help them all wo can, and put
them into the work. I should, anyhow. My
people, since I have fallen into this thing, have
helped me a great Ural, and released mo from the
parish work. I want a brother to come round
and relievo mo. Criticism is the easiest thing In
the world, but when you come to probe it, you
tlnd there Is some personal reason for soreness.
Reporter. Isn’t there sometimes personal feel*
ing on the other side 1
Mr. Collier. In what!
Reporter. For what is complained of.
Mr. Collier. There may bo, I wouldn’t be a bit
surpiised,bat I don’t know a thing about It.
Reporter. How is it that.you do not honor the
orders of ail the ministers?
Mr. Collier. Wo cannot obey them when.they
come In conflictwith the rules of the Aid Society.
That bureau over there and the committee are
working under (he General Relief and Ala Socie
ty. It is just the same as a State passing a con
stitution in conflict with the Federal Constitu-
tion. Wo have to disobey them if there is any
thing in conflict with the General Relief and Aid
Committee. We obey the Bureau of Assistance
and Counsel when it does not conflict with the
Instructions frem the general Relief and Aid So
ciety. I should deplore exceedingly anything
that would hinder the work.
MR. WAHL INTERVIEWED.
Juncture came into the room, 'and requested
Mr. Collier to sign some documents. Thanking
Mr. Collier for his kindness in rendering the ral-
uable information ho had Just given, the reporter
then addressed himself to Mr. WahL After a lew
preliminary remarks, ho said as for as he knew
the Bureau of Special Belief was doing as well
as it possibly could. A groat many persons had
presented themselves fdr relief who. on examina
tion, had been found unworthy, and were accord
ingly dismissed without receiving anything. The
bureau was, ho believed, doing a great deal of
good, more, in fact, than they were asked to do.
Everything that had been done ought to be per
fectly satisfactory to the people. Thejadiea and
gentlemen of the committee had treated the ap
plicants kindly. Some came there with exorbi
tant ideas as to what would be done for them,
and thought it strange that *IOO or *2OO in cash
should not bo given to them. A great many peo
ple had come to him, endorsed as worthy, and he
had given them relief, sometimes when
he had no right to do It. Every
thing was working harmoniously, so
far ns his department was concerned- He was
a German, and many thought he attended espe
cially to Gormans, bat it was not so. He was
there as a representative of the people, and at
tended to all nationalities alike. He believed Mr.
Lamed to be an upright and honest man. He had
had seme difficulty with him, but was now con
vinced that he (Lamed) was perfectly right la
enforcing his rules, which, If not lived up to,
would result in failure. Mr. Caulfield had also
had some difficulty with Mr. Lamed. Both of
them were heard like gentlemen, and wore quite
disarmed by Mr. Larned’s courteous manner of
treating them. Ho was asked what complaint he
had to make, and replied that at first every appli
cation had to pass through Mr. Larne d’a bands,
and that them was a little too
much red tape about tho transaction
of business. Mr, Lamed bad met them In a gen
tlemanly manner, had explained tho rales under
which ho proposed to carry on the work of tho
bureau, and consider their point, but had urged
them to be mom careful than they had hitherto
been in tba signing of applications, but waived
his right to have everything pass under hla eye.
His manner had been so thoroughly gentlemanly
that be and Mr. Caulfield had felt more like the
whipped parties than the victors. If a German
came in. Be or she was scut to Mr. Wahl, and he
attended to their wants. If an Irish man or we
i man wanted assistance, Mr. Caulfield did his
1 very best for him or her. The tusk was a very
ungrateful one for allj parties, for if the gentle
men did not give everything
that was asked for, the applicants
would go away with a feeling
of discontent, and grumble. Everyone could not
bo satisfied. He gave upncarly all his time from
morning till late in the afternoon to tho neglect
of bis business. Mr. Lamed bad. cautioned him
to see that the application was properly signed,
and then investigate the case. He wished it to
bo stated to bis German fellow-citizens that they
wore treated by tbo other members of the bureau
just as if they were in their own country, and if
any of them grumbled at tho treatment they re
ceived it was without just cause or mason. He
was astonished at the graoiousness with which
the foreigners wore treated, even more attention
being paid to them than to Americans. If any
persons had a right to take offence they were tho
members of Mr. Collier’s own congrega
tion, because they were Invariably
asked to wait until some other applicant
Lad been served. Hts reply was Well, they
know§ me and will make allowances for me, and
understand why it Is; but these people do not.”
In reply to a Question as to the inconvenience of
the hour of recess, Mr. Wahl said that ho thought
this course could not be avoided. They eamo
there early, and frequently remained until I
o’clock; ho thought It the committee stayed frorn^
9 o’clock until 1 In the afternoon, they wore de
voting very much time which their business re
-3 ulred. lie could not afford to give up Ids whole
ay, nor could Mr. Caulfield, without injuring his
practice. Mr. Lamed devoted his whole time to
it, but he could not see how ho could do it.
The reporter suggested the appointment of a
salaried person to take charge of affairs la the
absence of the committee, as being one of the im
provements advocated by the clergymen, and
l asked Mr. Wahl what he thought of it. He said
if the public wanted It. ho bad no doubt it would
be done. The applicants had not the disad
vantages to labor under which they wore first
compelled to endure. They no longer were asked
to stand in the cold; warm rooms nad been pro
vided for them to wait in, and it was only one
hour during the recess anyway. Ho did not know
how tho plan would work, but a trial would settle
it. A great many applications were made,
signed by clergymen, which proved
too clearly that the clergymen signed
them without examination. A clergyman
was apt to be duped. A person came la. looked
poor, worked upon Ids sympathies, and down
went his name. They came to the bureau, and
■were questioned, and the answers were not satis
factory. This Special Relief Committee was not
to do tho whole work of tho city, or take the
whole work upon their shoulders. Ho did not
believe he had turned away fivo applicants, but
bad turned a great many over to Mr. Lamed,
where there was a doubt in his mind of the worth
iness of tbo applicant. He believed Justice was
done. If It was not, ho would not remain there.
Every one was treated with respect and
courtesy. If the complaints had been made
of Mr. Caulfield. he would net
be surprised, for the Irish were different from
Germans, who were modest and quiet. Ho (Caul
field) had a great many boisterous cases to at
tend to, and ho (Wahl) had heard him say to one
woman, “You are impudent, and I will not talk
to you any more. J»o impudent woman like you
can got relief, and justice bo done.” They abused
him badly, and his position was tbo least envia
ble of all. Ho bad the whole Catholic clergy be
hind him, but ho sent away a woman whoso ap
plication was signed by Bishop Foley. She told
him she would tell tho Bishop, and he replied that
he would take her to him, as ho was stopping
at his house, in order that a)io
might find him quick. He (Wahl) had
asked him why he bad sent the woman away, and
his reply was, “It seems to mo tho Bishop has
not looked into this case. I would Just as soon
semi back an application signed by him as by
Anybody else, If it was not mudo out properly.’
There was no favoritism there. Ho bcibyred the
bureau hod more to do than any of the relief
headquarters. Ho had heard complaints as to
bow people had been treated at ike other depot*.
Said ho, one lady told mo this morning, I will
die before Igo to any such place again. I have
been there frequently, and received a little somo
thiuic, but I will not go there again If Z and my
children starve. This is a respectable German
woman. The ladies here treat the applicants al
most ns if they were members of tbeir own fami
lies.” At the other depots ho understood tho peo
ple wore treated rather unceremoniously. One
woman had said to him, who was at one of the
depots: I hare been hero so long, that I have
got to go homo and see to my family,” and a man
whom he called “a fellow.” had told the people:
“We can’t wait on all you beggars at once.” He
(Wahl) would have pounded that fellow’s bead if
he had said that to him. Ho looked upon the ap
pficants, not as beggars, but as suffer
ers. What was given them, was
sent hero for distribution among
unfortunate people. One gentleman, who was
worth SOO,OOO before the fire, had called at tho
church, tho other morning, for relief. Ho bad re
mained away as long as possible but was obliged
to come and ask for bed-clothing. He had suffi
cient food as his friends had been assisting him.
Hu could not think, for a moment, that that man
was a beggar. If all were treated as well at tho
other depots as at tho Church of tho Messiah,
grumbling would be out of the question. He had
not been connected with any other headquarters,
his work having been confined to tho Bureau of
Special Relief, and he was, therefore, unable to
give any account of their inside workings.
IDENTIFIED.
The Body of a Former Attache of the Repub
lican found In the Ruins of The Tribune
Building.
The County Physician searched tho clothing of
tho man taken from Tub Tribune building on
Monday, and found a reporter’s note-book and a
telegraphic despatch, addressed to “Joseph P.
Stubbs, Chicago.” This evidence la sufficient to
show that tho remains arc those of Joseph P.
Stubbs, a reporter on tho local staff of the R&
publican. He had been missing since tho flro,
and was believed to have l>oen burned to £ooth.
How ho got Into The Tribune buii‘!*nr no ono, of
course, can t*U. Tho soon of him alivo was
on Washington street, on that dreadful Monday
morning. Ho probably was prevented from going
south by the flre, and upon reaching
The TbiduKß building sought refugo In the base
ment, thinking tho walla would stand. "A por
tion of his clothing was in a comparatively good
state of preservation, but his body, except near
tho chest, was burned to a crisp. Mr. Stubbs was
26 years of age, and hod occupied a position on
tho Jiepubliean but a week or two previous to tho
Are. hc was at different times' connected with
Eastern Journals, and private secretary to tho,
Superintendent of tho GrandTrtmk Railway, and
tho Superintendent of the Hannibal A SI. Joseph
Railroad. His relatives have bean notified of
bis sad fate, and tho body will bo kept at tho
Morgue until they take charge of It.
A Patent Fire-Proof Building.
Mr. W. A. Berkoy, of Grand Rapids, Mich., U
at present la Chisago, having brought with him
a model of a fire-proof building invented by him.
Tho Invention embodies numerous practical and
valuable ideas, and its pecoliartles are such as to
vitally interest every person who contemplates
building. The public are invited to coll upon Mr.
Berkoy, who will gladly point oat the now and
valuable features of his Invention, and is pre
pared to assist in its introduction in Chicago on
the most libexM terms. He con be found at the
Briggs House, mornings and oveniags, and at the
office of the Board of Public Works, corner of
Halsted and Randolph streets, between the hoars
of f clock a. m., and 4 o’oleck p. m.
Koblfi Generosity.
The noble sympathy which oar disaster awoke
throughout the country has no parallel Jn his
tory, and the gratitude of our citizens has been
frequently expressed. A most refreshing in
stance of what mar be termed home generosity
occurred yesterday, which should not. go unmen
tinned. Messrs. 51afiler Hull, clothiers, No. 123
West Madison street, distributed At their store no
less than fifteen barrels of flour,' valued at sllO,
to the sufferers by the late fire. Tho gift was a
liberal one, and the recipients who stood In need
will long remember them with gratitude.
Answer to Many Sufferers.
Ib the Editor of The Chicago TWhum
8m: The Great Western lasnranee Co. are ad
justing Its losses as fast as possible, and are paying
their losses as they occomodue, at 100 cents on the
do Al ar H- L- Stewart, President.
Chicago, Nov. 21,1871.
Opening Day.
We take pleasure in announcing to tho citizens
of Chicago and vicinity that L. Rohrback opens
to-day, at No. 450 State street, a largo and entirely
now stock of dry goods in all its brannhes. in
vindiUK a troU-eeteotedeWok of gents’ jnrnidhai*
Soods, adapted to this season of the year. He is
etormlnod not to be undersold, os the most of his
stock has been bought at the late auction sales In
Now York and Boston. Bo sure to tt t No 450
State street.
Boots and Shoes
G. S.'Blchardson Co., at No. 54 West Band 9lph
street, have in stock everything that can be
wonted in the shape of boots ana shoes. Thor
give especial attention to fitting ladles, and
ave. a lull lino of goods from the best Eastern
houses. They make a specialty of men's and
hoy's kip and calf boots, which are hand-made in
every particular.
A Business Lot Wanted.
A gentleman wishes to purchase a business lot
on easy terms, or else to obtain the.leaso of one La
or near the burnt district. Any one wishing to
accommodate him can do so by stating the size,
location of the lot, and the terms, addressing
Gas Fixtures,” No. 807 West Monroe street.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
8130,000 la 3,000 cash prises—Highest
prize $50,000 gold coin, to be distributed legally by
chance, January 30th, 1872, in aid of the Mercy
Hospital, Omaha, Nebraska. Pattee k. Gardiner,
Managers. Tickets $3 each, or two for $5.
Seeing la Believing.—lf lodic* who do not
use the flagrant Sorodont will compare teeth with
those who do, they will see, in an Instant, moro
reasons for adopting it than can be composed Into
a newspaper x^ara graph.
Hazard Caswell’* Cod hirer Oil Is
the purest, sweetest, and best in the world.
Physicians have decided it superior to any other
Cod Liver Oil In the market. Patients who have
once taken it can take no other.
Ofarble Mantels—J. JO. Schnreman is
prepared tofurniab all kinds of marble and gran
ite work at his now location, 323 Michigan-ar.,
Chicago.
The mother can rely npott Din. Wine
low’s Soothing Syrup to giro rest and health to
her child.
BUSINESS CHANGES.
A MERCHANT FLOURING MILL IN THECITY
of Minneapolis, Minnesota, in consequence of
the recent death of one of the owners, U offered for
sale, or exchange for city property. The mill haa four
run of four-foot burrs, and Is in perfect order. The
business is now, and has always been, highly remuner
ative. the brands being well-known, very popular, and
meeting a ready sale in all Eastern markets. For fur.
ther Information address H. B. HANCOCK, Mlnnoap.
oils, Minn.
A WOOLLEN MILL, WITH MACHINERY COM
pleta and In running order, for sale. Will sell at a
bargain. Inquire of WM. MILLER, Princeton, HI.
A BARGAIN IN SEASON—SLAUGHTER AND.
rendering house In complete running order, near
Stock Yards. Steam boiler, pomd, tanks, cooler and
tools. Teal reliable party terms made acceptable.
Apply to CHAB. H. MILIER at Stock Yards, or at
<3 west Madlson-st
A WELL ESTABLISHED PACKING HOUSB
in good location, with a big ran of customers, for
sale. Apply at 467 South Canal-at
A LARGE SALOON AND BOARDING HOUSE
at North Chicago Rolling Mill for sale. Apply at
124 North Canal-st
A SHOOTING GALLERY IN GOOD ORDER FOR
sale cheap. Inquire at the place, 144 West Lake
Bt, basement.
A RESTAURANT STAND FOR SALE IN CHl
cago B. &Q. B. R.' Passenger Depot. Parties
having other business to attend to. Will sell reason
able. Apply at depot.
A SMALL HAT, CAP, AND FURNISHING
go< ds store for sale at a bargain- Bent of store,
sls per week. Inquire at 57 Douglas place.
Drug store, fixtures, with complete
slock, for sole— Offered decidedly cheap, with or
without base of store. Address DRUGGIST, 419
South Clark-st-
Drug store for sale—first-class, old
established, beautiful fixtures, well selected and
fresh stock, doing a first-rate cash business: long
lease; ill health cause of sale. Address MEDCALFE
CO., Pekin, ILL
For sale—lease and fixtures of the
store No. 899 State st, comer Hnbbord-court, un
der Wood’s Hotel. Call at above number.
Hotel to rent—the fort dodge house,
at Fort Dodge, lowa, is for rent and furniture for
sale; the bouse contains 35 rooms, and Las three fine
sample rooms; It enjoys a splendid run of badness;
possession given at once. Apply to A, J. BURBANK,
proprietor.
Hotel to bent—cozzenb* hotel, oma.
ha, Nebraska; best hotel west of Chicago; con*
tains 70 rooms; possession November L For partic*
ulan*. terms, etc., address SETH \V. HALK, 23 Broad*
st, New York, or GEO. P. 8E.M.19, Omaha, Nebraska.
Meat market for sale on west madi.
son-st, Long lease on favorable terms. Rare
chance. Enquire of »T. JOHN SHERWOOD, offleo
No. 123 West Washlngton-at, Room 4. Chicago.
■\TOTICE TO BREWER*—RARE CHANCE TO
i.’i make money- For sale, rent or lease on good and
favorable terms. In the city of New Orleans, the well
known Zcolly’s City Brewery, with a first-lass bar.
room attached, situated at the comer of Magazine and
Delord-sts., right in the.heart of the city. The build
ing was built especially for the business, and is a fine
brick building, and in complete order, machinery and
everything. A plan of the brewery can he seen and
also further and more satisfactory Information can be
bad by applying to A. MILLER, Money Order Da
partment. Post Office, Chicago, lIL
6gAA SECURES HALF INTEREST IN A
business with *I,OOO stock; pays SSOO
monthly. No bonus orf urthur capital. 603 statist.,
Room 2 _
(tiP AAA TO *IO.OOO TO INVEST—A YOUNG
Ou»UUU man wishes to connect himself with a
well-established wholesale house that has suffered by
the fire, and. upon satisfactory Inducements, will in
vest the above amount. Is well acquainted with the
fruit, drug, and paint and oil trade, and would prefer
one of these trades: lias an unlimited Eastern credit;
can give undoubted Chicago and Eastern references,
and would require good references in return. Address
CHAH. n. KIRBY. Burlington. N. J.
BOARBINO AND LODGING.
*j Q NORTH MAY-ST., BETWEEN RANDOLPH
XO and Lake—'Torrnt, with board, largo front al
cove room, Ac.; hot and cold water: ovorytlilng first,
class; to'gentleman and wire; unfornUued, or wIU
furnish IX desired.
Cpn BISHOP COURT, ONE BLOCK BAST OP
O Union Park, near Madison—Elegant rooms, fur.
nlalicd orunfurnlshvrt, with board; firatrClas through,
ont; also a few day boarders. Itoiercncea required.
WK NORTH PKOBIA-3T.—FOUR BOARDERS
i O wanted. Young moo preferred. Nice front
room lor two. Good board. Terms reasonable.
f)OfT WEST WASHINGTON-ST.—TO RENT, A
£i£i i nice front room with alcove (partly furnished)
in a pleasimt location, with board, to a couple who are
willing to pay for good accommodations, in a private
family. References exchanged.
cyfjs* WEST RANDOLPH-BT.—A FURNISHED
i O front mom, with board, for gentleman and
wife or two single gentlemen
OWJ MICHIOAN-AV—THREE LARGE PAR-
Oi 4: lur* r eu suite on first floor, partly furnished,
with strictly first-class board. Unexceptionable re
ferences required. Single gentlemen preferral
OO Q WEST ADAMS-ST.-FRONT PARLOR TO
O© O rent, with board, in a private family; also a
lew day boarders accommodated on reasonable tcrms.|
iO« MICHIOAN-AV.—TWO GENTLESIKN
4V>nptn bo accommodated in a private family with
a fumlslied front worn on third floor.
OAK WEST MADISON-ST.—ONE DOUBLE
\)aJD room, with water, gas, and tiro, suitable for
two or four gents, companions, or friends, with iwaru.
Dinner at 6 1-2 o'clock. Also, a few day boarders
wanted Table first-class, with home comforts. Prices
moderate.
fOO MICHIGAN-AV.—ROOMS WITH BOARD
4 for two or three gentlemen. Also, accommo
dations for day boarders.
fTKK WABASII-AV.-ONE NICPLY-FUUNISH
Of)ol room for two gentlemen also day boarders
accommodated.
nor MICHIOAK-AV. —TWO ELEGANTLY
t Inrni.lirtltrt.nl rooms, tvilU firttl-clfctaboitra,
Afio, large unfurnished saloon parlor, either with or
without board. Terms moderate.
ion, WAIIASn-AV.—TWO OB THESE
JL I young gentlemen with highest references
can find first-class board with homo comforts in a
strictly private family. $6 per week.
Boarding— on one of the avenues,
near Twcnty-third st., front suite of room* on 2ad
floor, beautifully furnished. Also, one, large family
room. Nice barn if desired. Terms low to a good
family. Private house. Address, LSI*. Tribune
office. _ _.
BOARD WANTED.
Board— by a gentleman and wipe,
a suite of furnished rooms, with board;
private fatnllv south of Twenly-slxth-st. preferred;
unquestionable reference given. Address, stating
location and terms, R H C, South Side, Tribune
office.
Board— by a gentleman, wife, and
ono child, furnished or unfurnished rooms; vicin
ity of State and Twenty-slxlh-at- preferred. Address,
S C. 511 Archer-av. 4
BOARD-RY A GENTLEMAN AND WIFE;
two unfurnished rooms in a private family, with
in five minutes’ walk of Twenty-second-st. and Indiana
av. Address, stating location, J. E. NORTON, with
Stanton i Co., 557 Wabash av.
Board— by a gentleman and wife? a
suite ol front rooms, with bath room, in private
fam ilr where there aro no other boarders; will pay
well lor go oil rooms and good table; no hoarding
house need answer: north of Twcnty-secomLat.
CHAB. WALTER, Tribune office.
T*OARD—AND UNFURNISHED BOOM FOR
i> gentleman and wife. Address, statin* B ze 0
room, price, and number pt boarijers MODERATE,
Tribune office, j
Board— bv a young lady, pleasant
room and board in a private family, between
Ccntre-nv. and Morgan-st.. and Monroe and Lake
eta. Address imn edtntely, NB. Tribane office.
Board— one room and board, by a
lady, in a private family, on the West Side, south
of Mndison-st., north of Harrison-st., ancU east of
Oreen-st. Address, for one wock, CARRIER KB,
Chicago P. terms.
IPOARD-IN A PRIVATE FAMILY. BY A
>gentleman, wife, and daughter (6 years old.) who is
willing to par a fair price for first-class aocommoda
tlona. Call or address MEAD COE, 79 West Madi
son-*t.
BOARD-BY A GENTLEMAN AND WIFE, A
suite of furnished front rooms, with good boani;
fire and gas. Mnst bo convenient to the street cars,
and price not to exceed S2O per *weok. Private family
preferred. •References exchanged. If required. Au
dress J. K. MURPHY, No. 77 West Madlson-st.
BOARD-BY TWO GENTLEMEN, ON THE
West Side. Address, stating terms, 31 and B, Trib
une office.
Board— by a young man, in a private
family. Must bo north of Fourtecnth-st, and not
more than $5 per week; South Side. Address N.
LEVINSON, 244 Mlchigan-ar.
Board-in a private family, by a gen
tleman.wife, and child, north of Twenty-second
st. and east of State. Address W B F, Tribune
Branch office.
BOARD-BY A LADY, WITHIN 6 BLOCKS OP
Aberdeen and Madison. Private family preferred.
Reference given and required. Address N, Tribune
office.
Board —on south side pob self, wife,
andchbd 2 year* old. with-unfurnished rooms.
Address W H 32, Branch Tribune office.
Board-by a gentleman and wife.
rooms and board onouth side, east of State- and
south of Twenty-fofirth-st. Terms not to exceed $56
pet month. Will pay in advance-Y TB. Tribune office.
Boar '-\nd large, well-furnished
front.-, m with alcove and clothes-presa. in a pri
vate family, by a gentleman and wife. will pay a good
Slice. Location doaired north of Twenty-fifth-st. Ad
resa II F H. Box 804. city.
HACautEBT.
A MEB’ ENGINES, PORTABLE >TO 40-HORS*
A power: threshing, Sand 10-home; olvonlar *a«
wiUla, Forsaaon’B rrlndlng mill*, com shell era, beuteg
etc. COLLINS SATOIs Agent, 70 South Canal-sk
BLANDY’S stationary and portable
engines and sawmills, Daniels A Woodworth’s
planers, sash ticker and moulder, ehonlng machines
and mort'slagmachines, 36 Conal-st. F. w. NORTH
BOP, Agent.
IJiOR SALE—I HAVE GOT TWO PILE-DRIVING
engines: would b#woll odaptetl for hoisting build
ing materials. W. McGUEOOR, 63 South Conal-st.
The machinery of a first-class floub
ing mill of 4 ran of 4] feet burrs, all perfect situ
ated at Moline, all cheap for cash, or exchange for
Clilcago or Kansas real ustato. For a further descrip
tion. address W. E. SIMPSON, 28 West Canal-st, or
',V lit
CITY REAL ESTATE-
For sale—by william d. kkrfoot co.,
89 East Washington**.:
Michigan-av;. S'xioo, comer
Mlchican-av.: i?o feet near corner of South Water.
Mlchigan-av.: 60x130 near Ranuolpn.
Mlchlgan-av.: 30x180 near rtefcotwfc
Dearborn-st: coxto north of Washington.
Dearborn-el.: 67x80 north of Madison.
Dearborn at.: ssxfiO north of Washington.
Washington*!; 21x190 vest of Franklin.
Washington st: 20x110 east of.Franklin.
Moolson-st: 60x160 west of TYanWin.
Madlson-st: 49x80 east t.f Wabash.
Franklln-et.: 29x80 north of Madison.
Clark n., wxioe near Polk.
Clark-st.: 70x40 near South Water.
North Clark-st.: 109x120 corner Erie.
Michlcan-st; 20x100 west of Clark.
Ohio st.: 25X100 east of Clark.
Ohio-at-: 20X100 esst of Clark.
Erio-st.:! 00X109 east of Dearborn.
Bnporlor-st.: 50x100 corner Cass.
Buperlor-st: 60x109 near Caw,
Bnsh-st.: 150x145 near Superior.
Itußh-et: Several choice eorners.
Chicago-av.: 40x100 near Rash.
LsPalie st.: 24x150 near Schiller.
Dear born-st-: 250 feet extending to lake snore.
FOB SALE-BUSINESS PROPERTY--
40x170, cut front, on Wabuh av., south of Mon*
north front, on Madlaon-st, west of
83x145. east front, on Statist, north of Twelfth-st.
2Szies| south front, on Qolucy, extending to Jackson,
50 feet cast of Dearborn-at. _ __
100x75 northwest corner Van Bnren-at. ana Fourth*
av.; S4OO per foot.
40x110 on Well st.. north of Monroe*st.
120x170, west front, on Mlchlgan-ar., near Elgh
teenth-st.; S4OO per foot. _
120x1*0, east front, on Wahaah-ar., near Fourteenth*
st.: £4OO per foot.
40x170, east front, on Wahash-ar., near Hannon
court, with buildings, cheap.
Several flno corners, very choice and desirable
le BIRICH BOND; Beal Estate Dealers, 5U Wa
hasL ar.
W'
<rm C THAYER «fe CO., APC»
lloneerH and Beal lEatate Agents:
RIVER-ST. Near Rush-st. bridge, 4SsSO refit;
want an offer. ,__
IVDSH-ST.—l2oxloo feet, on MlcWgan-ar and North
Water>st., line hotel property, haring three fronta;
only |250 per foot.
DEAIIfiORN-ST.—Corner of Elm, 50x150 foot.
COTTAGE GROVE-AV.—'Three 2-atory frames, 11
rooms each, loUeach 33x130 feet; only $5,000 each—a
bargain. _
FOURTH-ST,—Near Milwankec-ar., 2-atory frame,
lO MARKET-ST.—Near Adams-st, 45x75 feet; only S4OO
per foot. _
For sa* e-a list of bargains by b. h.
CUMMINGS, Real Estate Agent, No. GO3 FulUm-at
Lot 30x125, on Clark near Madison. Lot 26x100 on Ad
diniMt. near Dearborn-st Lot 75x100 sorner Van Bu
ren and Sherman st, suitable for fine stores and hotel;
price 155.000. Lot 80x80 corner Canal andMonroe-st
Lot 52x135 corner Halstod and Matber-eta. House and
lot No. 1335 Wabaah-av., price #IO,OOO. Houses and lota
Nos. 427 and 421 Warren-av. House and lot-jot
46 1-2xloo comer Leavitt and Hobbard-sU.: price
S,COO cash, and assume an incumbrance of #1,300
iei674, and much other valuable property. Drop me
a note and I will call and see yon.
Fob saus-cheap-fibst-class housb
and lot Hou£o 2story and basement, pressed
brick. Contains latest improvementa. Lot, 57 feet,
east front. Altogether one of the Pleasantest places In
the city. Small payment down. Inquire on premises,
008 Indlana-av., near Twentleth-st
FOB SALE—MADISON-ST., BETWEEN WELLS
and Franklin-eta.. 30 or 60 feet front ty 183 feet deep
to aller; cheap, and on easy terms.
Wells-fit,-near Madison, 78 by 120 feet.
Well.vst-. corner of Monroe. 75 or 150 feet,
Wells-* t., near Jackson, 80 by IO ijei t HAR Y E Y
Real Estate and Loans. 364 Waba»h-av.
"I7OBBALE CANALST., BBTWFEN MADISON
JT and Monroo-st.iOiSO feet, east front
Hlnton-et, between Lake and Baadolpb-sta.; <6x
J. D. HARVEY,
Real Estate and Loans. 364 Wabash av.
Fob sale—on s years* credit, without
any cash down, splendid lots on Horn and Sophia
sts., near Lincoln Park and school. I will advance
hsli the cost of dwellings to bo erected. BALDWIN
DAVIS, 51 South Halstod-st. __
FOR SALE— HUHNT DISTRICT—AN ELEGANT
lot on Madison-st. near the Pont Office; 10 year*
time. MILLER A RIODON, 300 West Madlaon-at
FOR SALE-RURNT DISTRICT—a GOOD Busi
ness lot on Canal-st., onffnng time, without any
money down. Inquire at 800 State-st, from 10 tol, of
thoowner, O. J. STOUOH. __
For sale canal-st. —IOO or iso feet
front on west side of Canal-st, between Adams
and Jackson. SNYDER A LEE, Real Estate Agents.
No. 4 Nixon’s Buildings, northeast corner Monroe and
LaSallo-sts.
For sale—at a sacrifice-tme three
story and basement dwelling, with goal brick barn,
house furnished. If not sold in ten days will sell Inr.
nit ore and rent the house. Apply at 712 Michlgan-av.
For sale—house and lot i on west
Jackaon-st.; a great bargain la offered; must be sold
this week. H. WHIPPLE, Room 8, northwest cor
uer Madison and Canal-sts.
ITiOR SALE—RESIDENCE ON PARK-AV..
near leavitt-st., for two-thlrds Its value.lf taken at
once; lock at it- D. COLE SON, IS3 West Mail
sou-st.
For sale-house kbo indias-av-, xeiV,
12 m>ms, on leased ground, long lease a groat bar*
gain, a DELMATER, 107 Twenty-second-st
Foil BALE—ON WABASILAV.. VBR\ CHEAP,
fine residence, furnished, with lot and good bam.
15 CLAFLIN BROS., 201 Madlson-st
FOR SALE—€OxI7O ON COTTAGE GROVE-AV.;
a good basic ess lot; #IOO per foot: only *I.OOO cash,
balance on long tlmo. Address PS, 319 Cottage
Grove av.
FOR SALE—LARGE NEW BARN.WITH SMALL
cottage, with lease and taxes paid np for 4 years;
1100 down, balance monthly. J. S. WOLFE, 419 South
Clark tX.
I7OR SALE-GOOD AND CHEAP LOTS ON THE
1 South Side, on Arnold, Butterfield. BmMan. Gar
ibaldi. Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, Twenly-soaiuth-
Twenty-elgtli, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, and Thirty,
llrst-sts.; also, on Wentworth, Wallace, and Shuttle#-
avs. Five years, at 6 per cent. No advance In price,
though such lots must double In value. The increased
demand for building lots, near where so many tens of
millions must bo paid for labor, will advance the pneo
of such lets. The old prices, and very easy toms.
ALBERT CRANE, 872 Wnbash av.
For sale -manufacturing property.
150x250 feet ou Tweuty-seci nd-st., near Aslihuid-ay.
A choice location, near good docks, at a reasonable
price. Apply to owner at 191 West Madlson-st, Room
L W. R. MARLAY.
For sale—a fine lot for manufacture
lug puntosee. fi3xllß, on Polk-st.. between Dos
plnlnos and lialsted-sta., will bo sold cheap. J. H-
K ELLER, 282 Halsted-st, corner Harrison.
I7OR SAUK-LOTS FROM SSOO TO #9OO. CORNER
ol Egan and Weutworlfi-avs. No money for three
years, except interest, if improved Immediately. J. F.
STARR, 4“ West Randolph-at.
Foil SALE —HOUSE AND LOT, CHEAP. 107
West Adams-at, between Dcaplalnes ami JetTor
els. Address IRA J. MASON, 400 West Jackson-st
For sale-house of ten rooms? all
modern Improvements? good location, on west
Side. Address CASH, Tribune office.
FOR SALE—LEASE |AND FIXTURES OP THE
most desirable store in the city, 399 Stete-st, near
Hohbnrd-court, under Wood’s hotel. Brick store. So
bv CO. Refused $3,000 from the leading firm of the city];
will sell now cheaper. Call and oxamlng.
For sale-bargains for cash—choice
lot on Walnut-ut., $1,500. Fine lot on Snperlor-st,
$1,300. Fine lot on Larraoe-st., SI,BOO 10 lots in Bridge
port, SBOO. R, G. GOOD WILLIE, 133 West MadL
Min-at.
FOR SALE-NORTH DEABORN AND SUPE-
Tinr-stfl.. SOxIOO feet, southeast corner of North
Dearborn and Supcrior-sts. SNYDER «t LEE. Real
Estate Agents, No. 14 Nixon’s Building, northeast
corn it of Monroe LaSallo-sts.
For sale—great bargains.easy terms.
NEW BERRY-AV.—Cottage, and lot and bam i
$2,300.
PRICE PLACE—Cottage and lot s $2,750.
SEDGWICK-ST.—Cot tage and lot; $2,000.
BI RRARDST.—Cottage and lot; $2,000. B. O.
GOODWILLIE, 135 West Madison st.
For sale—only $250 this week—frame
building with ground? house near Globe Theatre,
suitable for storage or most any kind of nuumfuclur
log R- O. GOODWILLIE. 133 West Madison-st.
SUBURBAN MAT. ESTATE.
For sale suburban residence at
Lake Forest—house, a modern-built brick,
with marble- mantels; set of wash-basins,
bath, largo closets, furnace, gas, largo
cellar, good well and cisterns, piazzas on throe sides:
grounds of 5 acres, handsomely laid ont with gravel
walks and djlves, well shaded with forest ami orna
mental trees; garden under a lilgh state of cultivation:
strawberries and other small frnits In variety; orchard
trees well started. Also, a new 2-story framo house,
3S feet front, well finished, marble mantels, set of wash
basins, bath, launtlry. piazzas, furnace and gas pipes,
brick cellar, pood well and cistern; grounds over ono
acre, handsomely fitted np. Roth' places pleasantly
located, convenient to church and schools. E. L. CAN 1
FIELD, 24 South CUnton-st.
F>R SALE—OR RENT—A STORY AND ONE
half cottage at Austin, two miles from city limits.
Address T. F. BLACKALLER, 767 West Madlson-st.
For sale—house—at “riverside.” in
quire of E. T. WRIGHT, first house west of
church on Bcottswood common, first division River
side.
For sale—to choice building lots on
the Sooth Side, easy of access by finely improved
i tresis. Prices from $l4O to S2OO. each payable one-fifth
cash, and balance in 1.2.3 and 4 years. 8 per cent This
property is bcantitnlly located, not subject to city tax.
and can be reached by dummy trains on Bock Island
Railroad in 35 minutes from the heart of the city.
THOB. A. A U. HILL. 401 Kfrbaah-av.
For sale-or rent—at hinsdaj,^
houses, lots, and farms cheap. «n easy tC-rma will
exchange for city property. given from
10 to L at M 0 State at., by the OTTner, O. J. STOUGH.
For sale-or rent, in evanston,
North Evaniten. a»;:i Glsneoo, houses of from 5 to
W rooms, at figures. Prices from $1,500 to $5,500.
ts from $lO to $55 per month. Monthly payments
will bnv a home. C.E, BROWNE, Room 13, No. 41
South Canafcst.
PERSONAE;
PERSONAL— TWO YOUNG GENTLEMEN,
strangers In the city, desire to form the acquaint
ance of two prepossessing young ladloa. with a ucv to
matrimony. Address CLA M, South Side Tribune of
fice, 469 Wabash-av.
PERSONAL— WILL E. PAGAN, PLEASE AD
dresa your father, Glasgow, Missouri. B. B.- PA
GAN..
PERSONAL— THE ADDRESS OF O. W. JE
ROME, a real estate dealer, wanted. Address
STOREY GRIFFIN. 220 Bandolpb-et.
PERSONAL-MISS LAMPERTER, MAKER OP
hair Jewelry, is requested to send her address to
MRS. Pt.ACK, 295 West May-at.
PERSONAL-MRS. C. C. OILLETT, FORMERLY
at 126 North State-st, please send your address to
MBZ. Tribune office.
PERSONAL— J. C. WALLIS, PLEASE CALL AT
comer of Mlchlgan-av. and Jackson at. to-day- J.
AM.
PERSONA L-1F JOHN H. MORSE IS IN THIS
city he will hoar of something greatly to his ad
vantage bv addressing WHITE, for three days, at
Tribune
PERSONAL— LCfTA W MORGAN-ST..
SiVv,n writo when and where I can see you. Want
to jSyroteS. indeed. Address A MARTIN, Tribune
office.
COUNTRY BEAU ESTATE.
FOR BAXE— 24O ACRES, so miles from chi
mile from Station; house, bam. orohart.
etc-COner acro-one-foorth cash, balance. 1.2 and 3
Atfiwrcent; also, a largo list of farms very
r«Sr ChlMgo. EABfiMQQS, BealKa
tate and Note Brokers. No. 50 East Harrlson-st.
■rv, Carroll County. HL
-rwm RALB-A GOOD IMPROVED FARM OF 160
F°«!wSrSmile* from Chicago, lawrtltlmbsred,
•H+h hmw. bam. granary aU encloeed. Term* easy.
BMtlnntnm.ru.
yx* at. ESTATE WANTED,
BUILDING LOT ON CORNER OR
W ono situated on an alley, about 20 or 30 feet Croat,
on mnrof tb° itreota lylnn m that pan of tho Sonth
lideof tee city. «nrroundcd bv Clark. Madison. Wells,
SadLskAAte, to boy Immediately for. bufidlng pur-
TOMAbr the faermanls Bank and Security Life luSur-
Sm Company, proposals to bo directed to C. KNO
uftjdoßFF. 17 The joint commit
tee—J. A. Huck, C. KnobelidoriT, F. Lacxner.
in the bnrnl district Owners will please com
mnnlcato with us as we kayo customers for same.
Sc. THAYER A CO.. 41 Hnbbard court
Trrt\-fgft-TO LEASE A LOT IN BURNT PIS-
W rrirfTto build on for business, A. U. TODD,
ttHwrUi canal-st
TO RENT-HOUSES.
TO RENT-IN EVANSTON—A GOOD NEW
house of 10 rooms, well located, at *55 per month.
O. E. BROWNE, Room 13, No. 84 Cnaal-st
TO RENT—NEW BRICK HOUSE—IO ROOMS
all mortem Improvement*, large Para, furnace.
Path room, Ac, Also, 2-story frame uoiwe of 11 roonn,
bam. A a Howe-st, near Lincoln Park. BALDWIN
DAVIS, 61 South Ilalated-at.
TO RENT-DWELLING HOUSE 13 THIRD
av. inquire at W. B. CLAPP A BRO/S, 365 Wa
bosh-av.
TO BENT—A DESIRABLE HOUSE OP TEN
rooma. with bam, until May* I; to a careful tenant
cheap. Apply at 55 Randolpu-st. SPALDING A
PICKERING.
TO RENT—ONE OF THE BEST BUILT BRICK
houses on the avenues; everytlilng complete, with
large yard, good barn, very low rent; lease, 3 years.
Furniture fur sale. No one need call unless they wish
to buy the furniture, worth *3,000. Address W WW,
Tribune office.
TO BENT— NO. TIC WEST MONROE-ST., NEAR
Lincoln, 2-story and basement brick house, 1C
rooms, with furnace and gas fixtures; Immediate pos
session rent. *75 per month. J. H. KEELER, 252
Halsted-st., comer Harrison.
TO RENT-COTTAUE HOUSE AT AUSTIN,
near depot, by A. T. HEMINGWAY, 63 South
Canal-st.
TO BENT—A NEW TEN-ROOM BRICK HOUSE
In first-class neighborhood, rent only S3O pe. month,
worth ICO; furniture for sale. Call at 819 Cottage
Grove-AY., cornet of Egan.
TO RENT—TWELVE-ROOM HOUSE, WITH
cellar and attic, on Fnlton-st.: rent ISO. Also SI,OOO
worth of furniture for solo. 187 west Woshlngtou-st.,
COFFMAN COLLitRD.
TO RENT—HOUSE 543 HURLBUT-ST., TWO
story and basement, nearly now. Apply at 83 West
WashlogtoD-st, np-stairs.
TO RENT—AND FURNITURE FOR SAXE—A
new 2-story house in good location, with all modern
Improvements; rent low. Inquire at 418 West Tay*
lor-at.
TO REST-STORES, OFFICES, Sa,
TO BENT—SECOND AND THIRD FLOORS
and basement 48 South Deanlaines-st, for light
merchandize, printing, etc. A. KIDDER, office in
rear 48.
O KENT—IN ST. LOUIS—LARGE S*BTOBY,
doable front store, Nob. U7 and 219 North Mala*
at, between Pine and Olivette.; store 41x141 feot to
alley; lately occnpied by Mesar* Dodd, Brown A Co.;
poeseAsion siren January I. 1872. Apply to J. E.
VimK a BROS., Beal Estate Agents, 516 divert,
St Louie. Mo.
O BENT—CORNER STORE, STATE AND
Seventeenth-et; good location; cheap rent Ap*
ply on premises.
O BENT—A LARGE BUILDING TO RENT
for warehouse or store, on Indlana-ar.. ne»rC»
8.4Q.8. R. crossing. Inquire of JAS-T. SMITH
A CO., 786 Tndiana»arv
O RENT—TWO- PARLORS FOR BUSINESS
purposes, or entire house of 10 rooms, on Wabash*
av„ near Twenty-second-st Address WABASH, Trt
bune office.
TO BENT-DESK BOOH-CHEAP —EWINO
Block. 28 North Clark-st.
TO RENT—A LARGE CORNER STORE *3
West narrlson-st; suitable for any business. For
particulars apply on premises.
TO RENT—STORE 123 WEST WASHINOTON-ST.
A splendid location for most any kind of business
would make a line Insurance office. Apply at 83 West
Washington-st, np-staira.
TO RENT—A SUITE OP ROOMS WITH LEASE
until May 1, and furniture tor sale, uorth ot Tweltth
st.lun State, suitable for millinery or other bustmuw:
rent verv cheep, evervthing now and complete for
housekeeping; (umituro less than cost Apply at 524
State, over clear store.
TO RENT-ROOMS*
TO RENT-SUITES OP ROOMS WITH OB
■without board In a private family of three; would
Uko a party of four. Stabling if reaped. 652 Burn
side-st. 1
TO BENT —ROOMS —NICELY FURNISHED
room, without board; fire, pas and care, to two
fentlemrn, 474 Lakeat., one block east of Union
■ark.
TO RENT-NICE FURNISHED FRONT ROOM
and bedroom for one or two gentlemen at 303 West
Tnylor-at. __
O RENT—TWO OR THREE ROOMS WITH
all modem improvements, forj ho aaekeeplng. a
Warren-av,.
TO RENT —A NICE SUITE OF ROOMS FUR
nished or unfurnished, on Park-av. IPrlco low.
Address CASH. Tribune »mco.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
Foil SALE—TWO CAR LOABS HORSES JUST
In from the country, workers, driv-rs and ponies.
Must he sold this week; don’t fall (to call. S. P.
CREOER, 86 West Jackson-st.
For SALE-CHEAP—HORSES, SECOND-HAND
stage harness and wagons, corner Twenty-ninth
and Stato-sta. Z. I. P.
For sale-a one horsb express wag
on. Concord axles and sand boards, built for
Boston market. Will bo sold cheap. 825 and 327 Wa
bash-av. PENNOYER, SHAWACO.
For salb-two horses and carriage
with three seats, at Mills’ livery stable. West
Lake-st. and Lincoln.
For sale—one young heavy horse
and harness: harness nearly new; good worker,
single, and docile. Price, |J2S. Call at 313 Stewart*
av., or 190 Twenty-aecond-st., stable.
For sale—a team of useful horses,
6 years old, with plenty of strength, lit for family
use, or for a team, warranted sound, kind and tmo;
to bo sold together or singly. The property of a
fanner, to bo seen at tho Fanner's Homo, No. 909
Stale-st. A trial of one month allowed.
I?OR SALE—ONE MATCHED TEAM; COAL
wagon, with spring scat: new harness, f-lOO: also
one horse, double Harness, and wagon, been used two
weeks, $200; horses young and sound. Apply at 278
and 279 Thlrdav. __
For sale-a double-seated, pole
sleigh, a first-class cutter, and two rohea—one wolf
skin, and one buffalo; robes are both hned; will sell
cheap for cash. Inquire at 237 Third-av.
Horse for sale—i fine young horse,
sound and gentle. JOHN HARTNEDI, 72
South Holstcd-st.
I HAVE A LOT ON WENTWORTH-AV. WHICH
I will trade for horse and buggy and part cash.
Address P 8, 819 Cottage Otove-av.
■WAITED—TO PURCHASE A ONE-HORSE
Yt rockaway, with glass front. Address H if. Tri
ll tine office.
XST ANTED—TEAMS—10 DOUBLE TEAMS
V> wonted Immediately. Steady -work all winter.
Apply at B. HOLBROOK’S coal yard. 178 Canal-sU
T|TANTED—SEVERAL GOOD HEAVY WORE
yy horses or nice driving horses In exchange or for
cash. Apply at 66 West Jackson-at.
LOST AND POUND.
A DIB EHA.L REWARD WILD BE PAID TO THE
hoy who received a music-box at the Clifton
House the morning of the Are, if he will send word to
the Clifton Home, comer Washington and ilal
sted-sta.
Lost —su KEivARq, ip the person who
was seen taking a large-sired trunk, marked Ny. S,
Knight, Chicago, sonth m Mlehigau-av., will return
fume to J. W.DOAN* A CO, oomor Peck-court, the
ahovo amount will he paid.
A REWARD.—LOST 2 OR 3 DAYS AFTER
gIU the fire, a black and tan slut, with silver
cellar marked Chaa. B. Curtis, at Ditnton.HL The
finder will receive the above reward by addressing
R J W, Tribnno office.
LOST— TAKEN FROM OILLETT’S STABLE,
corner of State and llllnols-aL, on the night of the
great fire, a two-seated rockaway carriage. Thedluder
will he rewarded by returning to CAR HART, LEAN 13
CO.. 204 Mlchlgan-ar.
FOUND— A RUNAWAY HORSE WAS CAUGHT
about Bp. m., on Sunday. The owner, by proving
property andraying charges on same,
uy calling at 66 ft cad Raudolph-wt. J. L. SMITH tfc CO,
Lost— on Monday afternoon, non em
her 20. a dark preen cloth overdress, with plaited
trimming of the same. The tinder will bo rewarded on
returning it to 637 Wabash-av.
Lost-on cottage grove-av. cars on
Monday evening, a poeketbook containing small
sum of money, and papers of value only to the owner.
A reward will bo given, and no questions asked, If
papers nro returned to front room, third lioor, 783
State st.
Found-last wiek. an open buggy,
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-flfth-ats., on
Stewart-av.. which owner can have by paying charges,
of JOHN SMIDT or MATT. NVEILER, 144 McGrag
or-st-
Found —a white horse-on the lent
lust, cam© to the stable la rear of Wl Wabash-av.
The owner can have it by paying charge©, J. A.
DIETZ,
fINAKEN UP—SATURDAY’. NOV. 11, A SMALL
I gray horse with white forehead, about 3 years old.
The proprietor can get the same by calling on NIC.
ZANDER, Town of Lake View.
Taken up—on milwaukee-av., novem
ber 14, 1 light bay horse, about 8 years old, a llttlo
white on both hind legs, white face, both hind legs
swollen. The owner can pot tho horse by proving
property, and paying charges. Apply to 144 and 148
unfon-st, corner MUwaukeo-ay. MATTHEW NA
OEU
TOR SALS'
For sale-maps— I two, isg?, Chicago one,
1868, Chicago and environs; two, IS6I, Cook Conn
er; condition good. Price, |25 each. Address Box 578,
Aurora, IU.
For sale-on easy terms-a stock of
agricultural Implements io Kansas City, Mo. Good
trade established In Western Missouri and Southern
Kansas. Address Lock Box 2077, Kansas City, Mo.
For SALE—cheap—SHELVING and COUN.
ters, suitable for a dry goods and clothing store.
Apply to J. L. HOERBeR, 233 West Twelfth-st.
For sale—cheap—a good cracker jia.
Chino. W. H. FLINT, No. 72 Sonth Halstod-st.
For sale— cheap-coal-about is tons
of hard coal, second-hand, and very Cheap. la*
quire of C. CARTER. at 202 Mlchlpan-ar.
For sale—a small lot of common
hoards, cheap for cash; apply 235 West Washing*
ton-st.
r«OR SALE-CHEAP. ONE OF LILLIE’S
patent safes, 4 feet wide, 6J. 2 feet high. SOUTH
WESTERN MANUFACTURING CO., 10 North
Jefferson-st.
SEWING MACHINES.
JH. LKROW A CO* 143 WBBT TWELFTHBT..
supply the celebrated Blees machines, with ALL
the extra attachments, at the regular price. Those
who lest their machine hy the fire can hare new ones
S 'NQRR SEWING MACHINE OFFICE OF J. N
WILKINS, formerly in DearboS-st., now 187 MU
weakeo-ar. Machines sold on monthly nutriments,
gad work given in payment. If desired.
TWEED. SINGER, AND WHEELER A WILSON
It sewing machines. C. K. NICHOLS, farmerlr at
180 South Clark-st., now opens at 144 South Halstod-et.
Machines sold on easy monthly payments. Sswlng
supplied to those who desire it.
TUTESD, .ETNA AND OTHER FIRST-CLASS
If sewing machines sold on easy monthly install-
SS&.ffa£*w.9. sr
te—itQ-t. __ _
PARTNERS WANTED,
PARTNER WANTED—HALF-INTEREST IN
paying real estate husiness for S2OO to a lire man.
Hare other business, and more than I can attend to.
Address 300. Tribune office.
PARTNER WANTED—IN A GOOD RETAIL
store In conn try, doing cash business of *3,000 per
month. Onlys3.ooorequired. Activehaeinesspartner
preferred. Good references given and required. Ad
dress PARTNER, Tribune office.
Partner wanted—to clear on an
18 months’ lease obtained Just after the nro. first
class restaurant In full clast at 99C South State-st, near
Twenty-second.
ARTNER WANTED—A PRACTICAL PRINT
er, with 81.500 at command, wishes t» miter Into
partnership with a good Job printer, with a like capt-
Ul. or near it, in tobprtotbg business. Apply to
FURNESS A ABBOTT, No. 3o South Clin ton-si.
ARTNER WAN! ED—TO JOINME IN BUILD
ing on a very choice lot particulars apply at
111 South Halatcd. from 9 tojoj;jn;
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE-ON LONGTIME. AT LOW RATES.
CO feet on Ptato-st. north of Harrison at., Post
Office; excellent location. C, S. WALLER, S3 West
MadJeon-sV, op stain.
WAITED—MALE HEW
Hlscelloneaus* __ t
WANTED —A SCAN TO TAKE CHARGE OP A
pnir of horses and to be generally useful in goa
tleman’s family; unexceptionable references a®
character and capacity required. Application tube
made atS33 South fetate-et.. between 11 a. m. and p. na
"TTT ANTED IMMEDIATELY, 75 TREE-CD T-
Yt tera, work guaranteed for tie whole winter, good
and sure pay; also, 5 teamsters lor the city. Apply
early to Ali DBKW o. BIN O A CO., 22 Mflwaokos-aT..
op stairs, _______
TSTANTKD-A MAN TO DRIVE WAGON. AP-
W ply at Chicago Roofing Co.. 191 LaSa3o-sL. be
tween iionroe ana Artaroa-ata.
ANTED—BOY—FOR LIGHT OUT DOOR
work. One living with Ids parents prcfsrred-
WageT. 13 per week. Apply at BOOM 4, No; l» West
Washlngton-st-
WANTED THIS DAY 100 GERMAN, SCAJlDl
navlan, and English farm banda for this StAteu
Wages (1 per day and board. Also 50 pinery hands.so
ehoppera for Indiana, etc. Also for laborers add oth
ers going South we are selling the cheapest tUbetkta
town? Apply at Employment Headquarters, Boom
Und’a Block, Randolpn-at. bridge.
ANTED—TO LEAVE THIS DAY, 60 3PEN
for Se pineries; A winlert work and faro fur
nished. Also 3 teamstere for work. Etnplby.
ment Headquarters, Boom 3} Lind a Block, Randolph!
St. bridge.
WANTED —AN OFFICE BOY, AND WHO
boards with his parents; must live In
Division. Inquire between 8 and 9a.m. at Boom 43
South Canal-sL
WANTED— PINERY HANDS—TO GO OUT TO
day; free faro laborers to Kp Sooth. Cheap
tickets to all point® South. E, A. ANGEL, -1 West
Rsndolph-st.
"WTANTED—2S MEN TOGO SOU ITB—GOOD PAY.
If Also,pinery men, at 106 W. Raodolph-st, np
stairs.
WANTED— A FIRST-CLASS NEWSPAPER SO-
Heitor, must understand dally advertising tho
roughly. Address K. Trxbune office.
TXT ANTED—TWO OR THREE CITY
TV salesmen, on commission, familiar with the paper
trade, inquire at 201 West Washlngton-st.
TIT ANTED—A SMART WELL-BEHAVED BOY
VV for an office; must write a fair band. Apply at
the American Literary Bureau. 373 Michigan-at., this
morning, between 10 and 12 o'clock.
WANTED— A STEWARD IN A RESTAURANT;
must understand the business thoroughly; none
other need apply. Call at 198 South CHnton-st, (In car
penter shop), irom 3 to 4 o'clock to-day.
TITANTED—TWO GOOD DRIVERS; NONE
VV but those with good references need apply Call
this morning at 267 WestLake-at. W. A. RUSSELL.
AXTANTED—MEN LOOKING FOR EMPLOY
VY ment to call and examine our new corn sheller,
capacity. 6 buahela purhonr; retails at IL50: no chatgo
for rlghta: (500 clear in 60 days. KIMBALL A CO.,
185 We at Madison at., Room 12.
YTTT ANTED—2S GOOD LABORERS AT THE
VV honae of the Good Shepherd, corner of Elm and
Harkct-sts., this morning.
Bookkeepers, Clerks, dee*
"TTTANTED—A DRUG-CLERK OF E3CPBRI
VV enco; nno who can speak German preferred;
situation permanent. Address, BOX E, Chenoa, lU.
TITANTED—3 GOOD DRY GOODS SALESMEN,
TV Apply at once to H. a COLE, 127 Twonty-seo
ond st.
■VT'A^TED—IMMEDIATELY. BOOT AND SHOE
TT salesmen ot experience. Apply at 157 West Maui
sou-st. J. B. LAM KIN.
WAKTED-A GOOD GERMAN PRESCRIPTION
clerk who can speak and write English. Apply
to PATENT, P. O Box No. 250. Mcmiota. 111.
WANTED— A YOUNG MAN WHO UNDER,
stands tho auction trade in this city, who is a
worker, to take an Interest In. and establish a busi
ness. Address AU CTION. Tribune oflico.
WANTED—A FIRST-CLASS DOUBLE ENTRY
V> bookkeeper and salesman. Address WHOLE
SALE HARDWARE, F. O. Box 1736. St. Joseph, Mo.
TTAI»T£D-A DRUG CLERK WHO HAS EX.
tt perience and can speak German. Infinite at 171
Bine Island-av.
“WANTED—A YOUNG MAN AS BOOKKEEPER
T* who speaks and writes tne German language, and
bo Generally useful about the store and office. Situa
tion permanent. Apply, by letter, in applicant’s hand,
glvlug reference and salary expected, to if. «t M.,
Tribune office.
Trades*
WANTED— TWO GOOD COAT MAKERS. TO
go to the city of Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin, Im
mediately. Report to Mr. LOCKE, at Henry W.
King A Co.’s, 34 and 36 South Canal-at.
■WANTED—PARTIES WHO HAVE fcULTI-
T T vated land near or within tho city of Chicago, and
wish to go in profitable market gardening business can
hear of a practical gardener by inquiring ot addressing
R K. 405 outh Clark-st.
“WANTED-TWO photograph prinpers
IT at 127 WestMadison-rt,
WAKTED-TWO TINNERS AT 1314 STATE-ST.,
Tf corner of Twenty-nlnth-aL
WANTED— TINNERS—GOOD WORKMEN CAN
have a steady Job In a good shop, 105 Twunty
gecond-st-
“WANTED—A PHOTOGRAPH PRINTER, AT
T T shaw’a, 137 Twenty-second-st.
“W'ANTKD—OYSTER CAN SOLDERERS. AP
TT ply at onto. MORTON FANCHBR, 63 and
South fanal-at.
-WANTED —TAILORS ON CUSTOM COATS.
TT Inquire KB Archcr-av.
•WANTED—2S CLOTHING CUTTERS. APPLY
TT at 305 Mlchigan-av.. Saturday. Nor. 251h. from
9a.m. to 12. CL WBUROH, EINsTEIN 4 CO.
“WANTED—2S GOOD COLLAR MAKERS AND 12
TT young men 1C to 20 years old, by C. HIRSCH,
corner of \Vo»d*at. and Piston-road.
■WANTED—MAN TO BUN SASH AND DOOR
TT machinery. One that can keep machinery in
order. Also, a first-class sash and blind maker. Mar
ried men preferred. Address, with reference, wages,
Ac., HODGE A CO.. Wenota, Hi.
“WANTED-2 GOOD WATCHMAKERS TO GO
TT into the country: good wages and steady em
ployment to good men. Rhvgle men capable to engrave,
prefemiL Good reference required- Call at onco at
M. KRONBERG’S wholesale Jewelry. house, 395
Wabaah-av.
“WANTED—TWO BOOTMAKERS. APPLY TO
TT M. J. BRENNAN.S39 gonth Canal-at.
Wanted— immediately, two good pat
tera-makers. U. S. BRICK MACHINE CO.,
116 South Cllnton.st.
■VTT A N TED—O N E COMPOSITOR. ONE AP
TT nrentioe. and two feed boys for Gordon presses,
LANDON. BOYD <fc CO., Steam Printers, 10 and 13
West Twelfth- st.
‘TTST.ANTED—A SOBER, STEADY BLACKSMITH,
YY n good shoor and Jobber, to go a short distance
into the country, Steady Job and good wages. Call at
83 West Van Buren-st., from 10 to 2 to day.
XIT ANTED—HORSE SHOER—A GOOD FLOOR-
I« man can have steady work by calling at 265 west
lakc-st. O. WARNDORFF.
\\7AKTED —AN EXPERIENCED TANK MAN,
It one who understands running a Wilson's tank;
and also the care of a boiler. Apply at 282 MUwaokee-
TITANTED—WATCH AND CLOCK MAKER.
YY Apply to GILES BROS. «fe CO., 354 Wabaahav,
XU ANTED PRESS FEEDERS—TO MAKE
YY ready on Gordon’s, SPALDING <Sc CO., 103
Sonth Canal-et.
NTTANTED—TWO TINNERS, AND ONE EXPE
YY pcriencod stovo blacker, at 218 West Lako-st.
TUT ANTED—« CARPENTERS THIS MORNING
YY at 731 State-sk, 0r217 Townsend-st., North Side.
WANTED—FEMLAXE HELP.
miscellaneous.
‘TTT’ANTED —a LADY* TO ATTEND RECEPTION
YY room in a photograph parlor. 137 Twenty-sccond
*t. SHAW.
WANTRD— A GOOD STRIPPER GIRL; WILL
get pood pay. Inquire at 247 West Randolph-st.,
In cigar store.
WANTED MRS. RATES WISHES HER
YY friends at d patrons to know that «ho has opened
her employment Agency OlHco at her residence 10
Peck-court, corner Michfgan-ar.. and will, as hereto*
fore, furnish them with reliable help.
Domestics.
YTTANTED—a.GIRL 15 OR 16 YEARS OLD TO
YY make herself generally useful In a family. Call
at 44 South May-st.
XTTANTED —A GOOD COOK, WASHER, AND
YY ironer in a private family; no Irish need apply.
47 Sonth May-st.
XU AN TED—A RELIABLE WOMAN FOR GEN:
YY oral housework; no washing or ironing. Call at
107 Loomis-st.
•\TTANTED—IMMEDIATELY. AT 162 SOUTH
YY Dcsplaines-st., a girl to take care of a child and
do light work.
WANTED— A GIRL TO WAIT AT TABLE AND
YY make herself generally useful. 49 Hnbbard-oourt.
TTtTANTED—A SCOTCH WOiCAN TO GO TO
YY Lake Ff rest as cook in a private family. Apply
lot 2 days at Mrs. THOMPSON’S, 1002 State-st.
-rn-AKTED-GOOD GIRLS FOR FIRST-CLASS
TT places in city anti cmnitry. Apply at
THOMPSON’S, 1002 Slate-st.
WANTED— GOOD KITCHEN AND SECOND
girl* Inquire of j. F. STARR, 47 West Ran
dolph at., np-stairs in front room.
XV AIiTKI> A first-class chambermaid
YY and waitress; Reference required. Apply at
506 Wabash-av.
WANTED-A GOOD GIRL FOB GENERAL
YY housework; must be a first-class cook, vnwher,
and Ironer: none other need apply; bring reference.
Apply at 19 Aberdeen-fit.
Seamstresses..
SEAMSTRESS AT 1336 PRAIRIE-
XUANTED—A GIRL TO DO STITCHING AND
YY binding for printer. Apply at 331 West Monroe-
"TITAN TED—6 MATTRESS MAKERS. liTMEDI
TT ately. E. P. HOLLISTER <fc CO., 10 and 12 Ca
nal-at.
TITANTED-THIRTT EXPERIENCED CLOAK*
i* makers. Apply to HOTCHKIN, PALMER
CO., 171 Twenty-second-at,
WANTED— SIX FIRST-CLASS MILLINERS
at P. PERSON’S, 902 Wabash-av.
Wanted— io first-class dressmakers.
Mra. RUBEN, 231 Thlrd-av.
TTTANTED—COMPETENT HANDS TO WORK
TT on mantles and dresses: also an assistant and
apprentice. No. 82 Peck-court.
Housekeepers.
w \nted— housekeepbrt-a sensible
woman, to do the work for a gentleman and two
sons; also three cooks for boarding-houses at Mrs.
BROWN’S office, 229 West Randolph-st.
FIKAKCIAI*
/COMMERCIAL AND REAL ESTATE PAPER.
V.pnrchaied. e. L. CANPXEID, 34 South CUnton-at.
Financial-loans negotiated, com.
merelal and Real Xatate papers bought. Money
loaned os warehouse receipts. D. J. LAKE, 24 South
CUnton-at,
Money to loan in sums to suit on
good collaterals. Q. E. FOSS, 539 Wabash-ar:
Monet to loan on diamonds, watches,
planoe, and other valuable personal property; the
same bought. TUNNICUPP, 433jWeet Jaeksoa-tV,
•formerly la* DeSrborn-st.
TO LOAK—MONJCT OK CHICAGO BBAL BS-
Ut«. Q. S. HUBBASD, Jr., TO Sgnl>
"TITANTED—A FEW APPLICATIONS FOR
f.fT largo loans, tor s term of years. Eastern caw tai
st low- rates; small commissions. LETI WING A
CO., 838 WabashaT.
dt O 'AAA TO LOAN IN ONB SUIT. ON
I Z.UI )U first-class Chicago city property.
MEAD COS, 79 West Madison at,
$150,000
cent and s commission. J. P. NICHOLS CO..
Booth Canal-st.
HOUBBHOUJGOOTS
X day, Norember p> ifH. “i:’tables,
goods, consisting °L2 fiSj? Brussels,
marble-top stands. ‘JgSrM, *a. Ao^
j??^.^^%^B.Wjg I C°ns to bW
rnttaga OroTfr-aT.I
WANTED TO EXCHANGE.
rake-av.. east
Gxcsm k voius* bniiatt.
_
Bookkeepers* Clerks*. dso
OTTTTATION waited— by a young hast
S who has l)€eu employed the past ©years as took’
keeper in a wholesale grocery store of this city*
Sj «io same capacity. Beet of reference from em
ployer. Adddresa Z. Tribune office:
ITUATION WANTED—AS SOAP SALESMAN^
bv a ronsirinan acquainted with the retail trade of
ChiwCT 7 Can Ornish‘the best of references, Addrean
MEL,Trtbtme Office. _
8* ~tttt attW A OR
anm ADriJlk next. Wffl loan pro
..jfffeSfttSffl ths?u'&arM. Addrcaa
ftibtme Office
StTTT aTION 'WANTED —BY A YOUNG 3£AIT
in a wholesale liquor house, aS'ealesraan and to ae
recUOTUJf
poriencs. Satisfactory reference given. AOflreaa
W F O, Tribune office.
Trades*
SITUATION VASTED-BY A X2P2g-3[®Sr
recommended engineer, who also anderstanda area*
Itectural dnuightlnff-.a»dranghtsmair In an engineers
or architect's office, will work for any salary. Address
A H, 137 Loomls-at.-
ITUATION WANTED—A WELL-EDUCATED
yonng man would like to apprentice himself Ur
some trade— sign writing preferred, as he* has some
knowledge of tte husinesm- Small wageu only'expocV'
ed. Q£O.WATTB:S3I Wentworth-av.
SIXUATIOKB WAIfTED-FEMAM
Domes ties.
SITUATIONS WANTED—BT TWO
girls in one family, oa coofcand second work. Ap
ply, for three days, at* 170 Cottage Qrovo-av., froszil
tans.
ITUATION WANTED—'BY A PIBST-CLAS3
cook in a private family; good references given.
Address M M. Sooth Side, Tribune office.
ITUATION WANTED—BY A FIRST-CLASS
cook In a hotel or residence or any other Institu
tion, In tbeclty or country. Please call, or address, MS
Clinfon-at.
SITUATION WANTED—AS PASTRY COOK
aatd confectioner In hotel or restaurant; best refer
once given years of experienceat’tbo trade. Address*
TV W, No. 400 South May-at.
ITUATION WANTED—BY A FIRST-CLASS 1
cook as pastry or meat cook, .pastry coo tine pre
ferred'? beat of reference given,- Apply at 4o Butter
fleld-st.. near Eighteenth-st.
ITUATION WANTED—BY A VERY RE9PECT
abIs and capable girl to cook, wash, and iron, is
private fsmilv, or as cook in a private boarding house.
Good reference given. Please call at* 345 Bornslde-ek*
between Twentieth and Twonty-flratista.
SeamaueuN*
SITUATION WANTED BY A VERY COMPE
tant girl to do second work and “plain sewing or
chamber work in a boarding house, or general house
work In a family. Apply at 144 Burnside-st*
near Seventeenth-at»
ITUATION WANTED—BY A YOUNO LADT
In. a fancy or millinery store or. as assistant
trimmer—experienced in either, and can give best oc*
references- Address SALES LADY, Tribune office
ITUATION WANTED—BY A COLORED LaDT
to operate a Howe machine. Can tarnish her own
machine. Apply at 160 Fonnh-av.
Housekeeper*.
SITUATION WANTED—BY AN AMERICAN'
lady as housekeeper or Invalid nurse, la city or
country. Apply for one week, at Mrs. THOMP
SON'S. 1002 fetate-st.
AOEKTS WASTED.
Agents wanted for Chicago and
the Great Conflagration,” by Mossra. Colbert «zIX
Chamberlin, ot The Chicago Tribune. A oowda*
history of tho part of this moat wonderful of cities, and
dutidfsd, HyOTmitowMO «nit UOSt vivid aOOOOntjrf
its destrnction by Are, with scene*, incident*. Aa T*
be complete is one handsomely bound ostavo volume
ol about 600 page*, with numerous Illustration* by
Ckapin A Gnliek, from photographlo views taken «m
the spot. Agents* bound prospectus (price, 60c) sow
ready. Tor circulars, etc., address J. S. GOODMAN,
Publisher, 15 South Green-st-. Chicago.
Agents wanted-for the history of
the Great Conflagration: Chicago, its Past,
Present, and Future.** The origin, progress,
and results of the Great Chicago Cnmfiagra
lion: graphic scenes. Incidents, and details ot
the disaster; list or the principal bankers, manufao
turers. and merchant* who are losers; a complete pis.
lure of Chicago, before and after the fire: the trade
and commerce of Chicsg*, and details of its municipal
affairs, and ths great nres of the world. By Geo. P.
Upton and James Sheahan. Editors ot The Chicago
Tribune. A book of about 400 pages, illustrated by tafr
best artists, and will he worthy the confidence of
all. Will be sold exclusively by nbsoription. Agents
wanted in every town. Aodress UNION PUB
LISHING CO., i« Twenty-second-st., Chicago, TL
Agents wanted— for the history op
the War In Europe. It contains over 150 flue en
gravings of Bat’le Scenes anti incidents in the War,
and is theonly full, authentic and olflrial history or
that groat conflict Agents are meeting with unpre
cedented success, selling from 20 to-fO copies per day
audit is published iu both English and German*
Caution—lnferior histories are being circulated S«o
that the book you buy contains 150 flue eucravlugs and
SuO pages. Stud for circulars and see our terms, and
full description of the work. Address NATIONAL
PUBLISHING CO., ISI West Madiaon-at, Chicago,
Illinois.
AGENTSWANTED-910T0915 A DAY EASILY
made, on small capital, with our groat household
article. 50 cent samples free Address with- stamp,
A- BAY, 230 West Randolph-st, Chicago.
Agents wanted—the harvest op fxrxi
1,000 men wanted to sell Cram’s thrillingplctur&of
Chicago in flames; price 97 per hundred. Books giving
complete history of the great conflagration, embel
lishtdwltl) maps and pictures. 925 per 100. Beatline
of goods for agents in America. Semi for circular.
GEO. F. CRAM. 55 West Lake-st, Chicago.
Agents wanted mtosu a day, nr
every county in tke United States, te sell a newly
patented article of great utility and absolutely seeded
fa every household. For farther particulars addroa*
THE CHAMPION MANUFACTURING COM
PANY, Cleveland, O.
Agents wanted-uso a month! hmploy
mentl Extra inducements! A premium hors#
and wagon for agents. We desire to employ agents
for a term ot seven years to sell the Bushevs |9O Shut
tle Sewing Machine. It makes a stitch alike on both
sides, anal* the best low-priced licensed machine tn
the world. W- A, HENDERSON A 00., Cleveland,
0., or St. Lotda, Uo.
Agents wanted— 9lo per day can bb
made by either sex. with my new article; samples
free. C. M. LININGTON, 93 West Monroe**.,
Chicago.
Agents wanted—in every town and
county to sell the Jateet and most novel Invention
tor marking linen, books, sards,' etc. Send tor circular
to A. If. RICHARDSON, General Western Agent, IS
Booth Baayam nn-at. Chicago.
MISCELLANEOUS.
A practical machinist who HAS *l.OOO
would like to Invest it in some good paying boat*
nesa. Address MACHINIST, Tribune ottce.
business maiT would invest *wxo*
or *12,U00 in an established mercantitehr manufac
turing business, or would Join a party with capital!*
etanmganew enterprise. Address, staling netum ot
business,CONTRACT, Tribune oflico,
RICK—A FE\V' THOUSAND. WELL CLEAN
ed and reach* for delivery, fn be seen corner Casa
and lUinola-ata- F. M HALE. 26 North Clark-st-
/CEMENT PIPE CHIMNEYS PUT UP FOB
75 cents per toot In one or two hours, ornamental
chimney tope, various patterns, concreting in all Its
branches. Send for circular. Hyde Park Cement
Pipe Works, Hyde Park.
Divorces legally obtained tor db
sertion. crnelty, <fec. Fee after decree. Scandal
avoided. Bight years* experience. Address P. O.
Box 1037.
KASCH ECKERMANN, MANUFACTURERS
of toilet soaps, formerly 436 North Clark-st. now
311 Lairahee-tet, have commenced manufacturing al
ready, and offer to the public their stock of toilet
soaps of the English, French, and German manu
facture.
Mrs. n. m. nelson, dressmaker, from.
307 Ohio-st, has located at 66 near
Union Park.
The highest cash price paid for old
books and libraries. Coll or address the Cheap*
Bookstore. CHAPIN *t CO.,s62WabaaU-av.
TWO DUE BILLS OF *125 EACH, WILL SELL
one for cash at a big discount, and trade the other
lor clothing. Address PS, 819 Cottage Grove-av.
XITANTED—BY A FEW’ FIRST-CLASS TRADES
YY men carpenter Joiners, stalr-bnilding, or office
fitting; estimates given. Apply to TF L, 127 Fourth-
TUANTED—2 DOOR LAMPS AT THE OLD OR
YY iginal 230 California Restaurant,s3 South CanaLat.
XU-ANTED —STENCIL CUTTERS TO KNOW
YY that we make the beat and cheapest stencil
tool 1 and stock in the world. Address, U. 8. MANU
FACTURING CO.. 97 West Lombard-at, Baltimore.
TOTLLIAM H. THOMPSON, REAL ESTATB
YY Agents, 229 West Madioon-at., Thompson’s Block;
rents collected, property bought and solo. West Bids
property a specialty*
WA.NTED-A LADY, BAYING A SUITE OF
TT nicely Jnrolshedl-3ht moms, on West Madlson-st,
nrnnts n ono-luU rent |W a month. A
flrcu C V Tribune omce.
WANTED— TO COMMUNICATE WITH LAND
speculators and trailing men. In every city and
town in the United States and Canada, for the purpose
of showing them how they can make a fortune in load
operations, with comparatively no capital, in a short
space of tune. Address, with stamp, LAND SPEC
ULATOR, Tribune omce.
WANTED— A RELIABLE TENANT FOR A
building 3 or 4 stories high, 25x100, to be com
pleted May 1,1972, on sonth side of Madison-sL, 65 feet
east of Market. Apply to W. D. KERFOOT, 89 East
Washington st.
XUANTED —TO BUY SECONDHAND JOB
YY Presses. Address THOMPSON, Tribune office.
AOfT K A MONTH. EXPENSES PAID— MAUI
©O I O or female agents; horse and outfit fizz]
zftahsd: business sew: circulars free. Addresfl
KAA-IP THERE Id A MAN IN THIS
OAiOvU vicinity who feels os though he coaid
afford to risk 125C0 in an enterprise (which la sound)
thatwiu net hi* investment over fKO.ooo m a few
months. I want to see Mm- it la railroad. The snb-
SSermcan*business. Andres*RAlLßOAD,3sXU
bone.
WAKTED TO RENT.
WANTED— TO BENT—A FURNISHER HOUS®
of about ten rooms, on the South or WeafiSidet
good location, with modem improvements.
"TITANTED—TO BENT—A FURNISHED ROOM;
Ml -with fire, and without board, torsingle inan,
"West Side. Address, giving terms, JW, Tribune os.
flee.
H'ANTED TO RENT—FOUR TO SIX ROOMS,
suitable for housekeeping. Address THOSCP
SON, Tribune office.
11 r ANTED TO RENT—A GENTEEL RSSI
\V deuce, with all modem conveniences, torasmaU
family, east of State and north of Twenty-glxtb-afc
preferred. Would purchase the furniture. Addrsaa
X, l, 3 and 4 Bast Randolph-st.
ttti TT’TT'TT TG BENT—A FURNISHED SOUS®"
W of about 10 rooms, cm the South or Weat Sid/y
Good location, with modem -Improvements. Addroa*
HOMELESS, Tribune office.
tmrTTTi TO BENT—A SMALL WELL-TUB.
*No b^t
SfcSitti Stint terms and location, J H
C, Tribune office.
BENT— TWO OR THBSB
VV i £jl„TTfAr man «ml wife to Itoep hooso. or wooM
tsmUT.alro term, and loc
SJn -R oSroSEB 1 Po lMI«
L vTFD-IO BENT—A COTTAGE. OR Mvs
orate r00m,./or hooscllMplmf. M South aide.
Bortt rt wntj- iecond-at ASdrewK O, TrllnS
office
wtt-ANTED-TO rent-in a desirable lo-
VV calitr on the West or South EWe. a cottage of 5%m
7 rooms, orrooms in private family soluble for hoaaa
v-Sminir and exclusive of the remainder of the honaok
ATLANTA, Branch TrHmae office, Wwi
bash-av. _ _
ANTED—TO RENT—AN UNPURNTSHKD
room on West Side for a lady, adjacent to street
cars. Address S, C., Tribune Office.
ANTED—TO RENT—TWO, FOUR, OB SEC
rooms, house, or pert of hooso. suitable for house
keeping. AddressECU,Tribune office.
■\TT ANTED—TO RENT —FURNISHED —BY A.
YY party of gentlemen, for lodging, the upper park
of a house on .Wabash or Mlchlgan-avs., between Con
gress and Twentltth-sts. Address G WY, No. 9S
South Cllnton-et.
"TTTaNTED—TO RENT-A FURNISHED HODS®
YY of 10 room on South Side: will board owner for
rent, with the prinleg** of keeping a few select board*
era. A( dress at M, Tribune office.
"WANTED—TO RENT—TWO OR THREE PUR-
T f nlaliefi rooms, or partly furnished suitable wc
housekeeping; must be on West Side. Address H. L»>
SOUS.