THE RUINS.
Persons and Property
Guarded by United
States Troops, As
sisted by Vol
unteers.
Enconrajinff Meetings of the Board
of Me, Baiters, lawyers,
lerclianls, ani Bnsiness
lei Generally.
The Legislature to Meet in
'eiei Session Te-Mor
w to Consider the
Emergency.
Seventy Dead Bodies Recovered
from the Ruins Awaiting
Identification at the
Morgue,
The City, in’ Chirge of Lienlcnnni Oeninl
Sheridan—Martial Law Proclaimed
in tie Burnt District.
Full Description of the Devastated
Territory and of the Enins of
Prominent Buildings.
Partial JLUt of tlic Insurance
—lncidents, Announce-
ments, Etc.
YESTERDAY.
Owing to th' fact that the North Division was
atcmiblc only acres* Klmie and Division street
bridges and through the dark LaSalle street tun
nel. passage through which was forbidden to teams,
the people wiia. cstorday visited that quarter of
the city were chiefly th«*c who had formerly tired
there, and were bunting for shreds and scraps of
property, or vicre trying to find the places where
they had ouco lived and tho properly they bad once
owned. The great rush of visitors on foot and ic
carriages was across Randolph. Lake, and Madison
street bridges into Ihe South Division, People
from the West Side, from lower down on the South
Division, and strangers who had just reached the
city, all turned lu that direction,
and wandered from point [to point,
often puzzled as to their whereabouts, and seeking
in vain tor old tud familiar landmarks. The jwln
„’.paTbu»lueis iu the South Division yesterday was
the
DIGGING OUT OF SAFES
from the smoking bedding* In which they were
buried. Several persons were smart enough to
make Urn: a business, and thoy succeeded In pet*
;Jng all the work they'wanted. A few ropes,
shovels, lever,’,' onfl, occasionally,»little water,
made up the stock in trade, borne bad gotten oat
their fourth fate by *2 o'clock, and were hunting
arutmd in search of other jobs, Many of the (*afc<*
came up in excellent condition, while
others wtre Jim most deplorable
wreck*. One of Herring’s lay on
River strcctoenr Itasii .street bridge, the Interior
woodwork gain;, and all the papers charred. The
Harris safa of D:‘c:!irnb.icbcr who is in the tobacco,
business on Water street, wa* al*o found to he
worthies*. It contained pipers valued at about
SIO,iiOO. Others were taken out which had appar.
•rally paired unharmed through the fiery trial.
Others which had bjcn <i|*encd were found to be
in excellent condition. All things considered, they
have stood rather tetter than wn* expected.
Many which have been gotten out will not be
opcuc-1 for a day or two. until they get somewhat
couled njk EcVickcr was working to get out his
yesterday anil they were aUo laboring on one or
two in THE TRIBUNE Building.
Another business was started by a man In a cart,
who drove down Randolph to the lake displaying a
signor “Removal sign* |uiutod here,'’ so Unit
]mtbou* desirous of slicking up upon the ruins of
ihelr .-lures a notice .of tliu places at which they
intended to reopen business could do *O. Nothing
Strikes the eye more.favorably, In going near the
South Sid), than the great number of these little
BULLETIN BOARDS.
which have been roughly lettered off with notices
of removal. generally to Watiaeb avejme or to West
Canal or Randolph street*, and they give abundant
proof that the energies of the merchants have not
been crushed ontby the" catastrophe which haa be
fallen them.
THE. STREETS.
On crossing the river at MadUon street there Is
vaaancyoa the north side of the street, aud uclb
iuucl.-c, and with a few noticeable exceptions
there remain but insignificant and one-story relies
«>f once fir.-i class buildings. I-aw’s coalyard, on
t lie south hide of the street, is on fire, and even
where the fiames have not broken out, the white
Mnoke is pouring out at h fearful rate. .Some of it
may, however, be saved, by the liberal and con
stant use of water. Beyond there, going
east, there is practically nothing until the relics of
he Otis Block are reached at (be corner of LaSalle
nd Madison. Just to tbo ntli on LaSalle, the
walls of the Arcade Building, which was Immedi
•njc’.y in the rear of the Farwcll Hall, remain com
paratively intact.
THE TRIBUNE BUILDING.
THE TRIBUTE was, by several bums, thclaat
newspaper in Chicago to survive the general
destruction, and its magnificent fire-proof building
was the Inst to succumb, although it bad been sur
rounded by fire on two tides for about four hours.
The building was a perfect model of architectural
elegance, uud had been constructed throughout
with reference to safety end durability in case of
fire. Thu ceilings were of coriugated Iron, resting
upon wrought iron “1" beams, while every parti
tion wallin the entire structure was of brick. It
was, in all rcsjiectN one of the most absolutely
fire-proof” buildings ever erected. That is. it was
fire prool up to the date of its destruction. It was
completed in April, INKi, at a coat of about fiS,-
003. and its content* were fully $100,030 wore.
Itelying upon the integrity of their edifice, THE
TRIBUNE comjmny-'had takon no insurance, al
though they now have little cause to regret this
neglect. lu the corner of the first flour was the
counting room and business office, with a fire proof
vault for the safe keeping of records, valuables,
etc. Ou the Madison and Dearborn street front*
were elegant stores of various kinds, all filled with
Mucks of goods, lu the basement were the boilers
and engines, two of Hoe's eight-ciliudcr presses,
fcveral folding machines, large quantities of print
ing paper, and a vast uf Dilscellaucona
machinery, tools, appliances oud nuiluni! necuuary
to the canning <m of u great newspaper.
The kbcond and.third floors of the building wore
devoted to ofliccs, allot which were occupied. Ou
the fourth floor w re 1 1 ho editorial aud comjoelng
rooms, all mpcrbly filled up.
As stated above, .the building withstood the
Etorm'for several hours, and it was not until 10
o'clock on Monday forenoon, sis hours after it bad
seemingly escaped, that it was reached from the
eastward from McViikcrV Theatre. The Interior
woodwork aiid cotubuftiblc malarial was consumed
stance, but the floors and walla generally remained
iot'aet. although all wore so bll?te red,'crocked, and
xw I tied a* to be almost worthless for future use.
In the jtrivute ulliee ol the business manager ou
the ground floor was a relic of the siege of Parle, A
Jim pp shell, which was fired by the heat, trad, os
THE CHICAGO TEIBHNE.
VOLUME 25,
plodlug, toro nwi Jo breach in t'.i. w ;:i ;j
vicinity.
HA ecarcb among the nml* reveals 1’ „rr*.tiring
ftcl that the twucigbf cylinder preae-. dried ;t
üb«mt SOO,OOO, are not seriously d*r.v,jj:j. It if.
believed lhatbolh can bo restored to v-v.oo -u a
email cost. The four tattle., arc also all u;l t. In
cluding the two which were on the pmt v- Sru tj;-
men got nared and left.
THE POST OFFICE BUILDING
alto stood well, Us walls>clng intact, acJ ite mrf
U not entirely gone. It can probably 1*
At the northeast comer of State an- ?:-dii.‘n
directs stands,comparatively uninjured, me yatLi
hihed brown stone front which was creel!" !L< r'
Since there was nothing in it to bam, i’> front
shows very few traces of fcorchlng. The m.-rrak j
which stood in front of it has fallen against one
of the nppcrwlndows. but las broken
Of the magnitlcent block ocdbpiud by the V«.mot
News Company. S. C. Griggs Jt Co., only :r..g
mentremains, tbeeou(hxv»sf-n' eoi-i;; i*;; oa’.i
rising trUv* •■'i-o:/, ~'ory
At c
kinj.-ton s-.i C *tsu tin
o-bl} Wa\ i’u‘ Me
trj;;| I fis
AVluNai.
Ls pcifcftly m/c, <tiU doors
Field. Jung «t Co. retain their office
j n t;-c basement, where Hobart Law 1* also in
stalled, and If the room were only swept
out, and the pieces of pajiur removed, no one
could perceive that anything hod gone wrong over
head. Unquestionably the comparatively slight
repairs will put it In order again, and It will serve
aa a nucleus fur building in that quarter.. Turning
cast Into
WASHINGTON STIIEET,
the way It encumbered with the limestone blocks
which oucc formed part of Field, teller A Co.’s
store, aud which were thrown there when ehr
building was blown u;». Mixed up with brick, tel
egraph wire, aud other debris, it makes a mass of
rubbish which ought to have impeded the progress
oftheflimes, but did not do ao. Down in the
basement, piles of dry goods arc still burning and
emitting an unpleasant stench. On the opposite
side of Washington, the photographers’ places and
the other stores have vanished, while
DRAKE'S BLOCK
is decidedly more of a ruin than it was a year ago
The question of ibo removal of the
SECOND PRESBYTERIAN
congregation has been eternally settled. The hard
limestone walls of the church resisted very well,
notwithstanding the slight amount of hltnmen in
them. The southern tower remains, and the walls
are all upon a level vltha point Just aliore the top
of the great front window. The experience of this
fire has been rather unfavorable to the softer.
LIMESTONES
from Leicoat, and has shown that, after all. a thick
wall of good brick will stand as well, and resist
the action of the flames ns well as any stone that
is need here, excepting granite. The eflect of the
fire upon the Athens marble baa been remarkable.
In some places the stone has disappeared alto
gether. In others, such os the LaSalle street front
of
THE COURT HOUSE,
it has been gnawed and eaten away, or fallen off
ia great flakes. The sandstone and granite may
not bare been exposed to so Intense aflame, but
t hey certainly stood very well. Tno
TRIBUNE BUILDING
was badly scorched, hat Hie stone was not mate
rially injured-
DEARBORN PARK
has been taken possession of by Keen A Cooke and
Lord A Smith, while right across the way, on the
BASE BALL GROUND.
the fence surrounding which, bos been wiped out.
Is a sign to the effect that parties wanting room on
pnbllc grounds most go to C.B. Farwdl, at tbs
corner of Thirteenth and Michigan avenue. Tho
American Merchants’ Union Express have obtained
possession ofa part of the ground, including tbe
diamond, n n 4 Grey Brothers have bold of the north
fiftyfeet of tbe base ball lot. C. T. Holies, dealer
in stoves, have also begun running up a small
booth. Tbe ground is covered with piles of lum
ber, and boars a more striking resemblance to
Cheyenne la its incipient days than anything cl*o.
THE IRON »TDHiC>
of J. V, Ayer: Hall, Kimbark A Co., and other*, on
Michigan avenue, between Lake and Randolph
street*, present a curious spectacle. Tlwy are
filled with iron twisted, distorted, and boot oat of
all shape, while across the street the Immense iron
rafters and beams have been dealt with in the most,
extraordinary fashion. In many of these storey
and, indeed, generally io the large wholesale warc
.houecs, the fires were still burning, and, of course,
no attempt was made Jo pot them out. The side,
walks of
THE UNION DEPOT,
(hick and strong, are still standing, but 11/ C
offices in the rear have caved io except at the north
east corner, when) one I all pinnacle remains. The
building occupied by the Chicago, Burlington
Quincy aud Michigan "Central Road* has been
gutted, but the walls are still partially standing.
The Michigan Central freight depot has also been
cleaned out, though the walls ore uji to lha spring
of the roof. Quite an amount of sugar was lost
here. Just south of this depot half a dozen cars
were burned, the (racks yet remaining on
the track. .Near by was a car which
had just run up from Tolono on the Jilt-
Illinois Central Road filled with provisions, gener
ally bread and cheese, some of which were issued
on Hie spot to hungry men who happened to "be
nearby. The trains of the Illinois Michigan
Central stop just {a front of the old depot.
STEAMERS FROM .ABROAD.
At the head of the slip whiih lies just
west of Elevator A was the Providence,.
oncAf the five Amoekeag steamers which came on
from Piiuvorgh, and the Pharalr, of Detroit, en
gaged in pumping tester through a long line of hoac,
past the ruins of the JfasaxfO jt House,to wet down
the ruins beyutuL Another engjqa JT* f near the
Centra! Elevator, playing upon as ifluncseo I#U of
wheat, which was in
ELEVATOR A,
and which was bursting out in little puffs of smoke
all over tu surface. It cannot be very easily
extinguished, and ail that is to be expected U that
It will gradually moulder away.
THE MARINE HOSPITAL,
an old acd substantial building, is in very good
order, comparatively. Of course the Inner walla
and the roof arc gone, but Ibe outside wails have
btoodilvery well.
U is not possible to ascertain as yet the entire
amount of
SHIPPING LOST
along the river and the branches. The Narariod,
however, a new vessel belonging to Captain Good,
rich, was lying off Goodrich’s docks, and tried to
run not, but stuck just beyond and behind Hath
bone's stove manntactory on the north side of the
river and sank there, her boilers now being just
visible. Eight or nine schooners and brigs were
also caught near Ibe mouth of tho river, and burn
ed to the water's edge. From Hush street bridge
cast, on tho north bank, the coal heaps ore In a
blaze. Rathbone's piece, and oil immediately cast
of that, arc safe. Rush street bridge Itself is a
hopeless and utter wreck, as is also the State street
one.
THE GREAT WHOLESALE HOUSES
on River street bate been complelcly>wcpt away,
and nothing is left to give an Idea of what wan
once done there, except that in same placet there
is iron, and in another a quantity of lima which
has been effectually rulnod by the beat. Along
here were one or two burnt safes, and as many dis
gusted, bat BDComplaining, owners.
Water street is done for, and State street, from
the bridge to tho Flret National Bane, is in the
t .w|t condition. At the northwest corner of Clark
and Water streets one comcrofa building Is stand
ing, but ought to be taken down as soon as possl
hie.
THE SHERMAN HOUSE
has totally disappeared, and the remains in that
part of the city ate so scanty as lomake it almost
iin]>ossiblo to identify localities. On many of these
streets women and children were engaged in
COLLECTING SCRAPS
of Iron and all kinds of rubbish from the sUllhdt
building*. Some boy* had (baud ou Water street
a lot of China dull haWs, scorched hat unbroken,
and were carrying them off as relics. Three men
were also moving up (be river in a rowboat, intent
on doing a Utile wrecking; If they got a chance.
Tho burnt district U now to thoroughly patrolled
by regulars that there.need.l* no apprehensions as
to Urn perpetration of more thefts.
Tlicoldpsn of
THE COURT HOUSE
Is gutted, hut the wings have stood very well, and
the first floors are aafe. Tho Briggs House cellar
alone remains. Wentworth hw secured the Laclede
and will bo open to day as the Brigge JJogef, The
j walls ofthe first story of the; Board of Trade build
Ugarc still tiandirg.
j The effict of the fire upon the dlflercnt kind* of
f i arcmcntlus been very curious.' As a pialier of
j »ur« the atone st«oJ It the l«a. hut the large
i cobble stones split la many Instances. Tbc
-ispbalt laid in the Court House square whs nut Is
J jnted at all. The new cylindrical
BLOCK PAVEMENT
j on Clark street stood It very well, except In one
f {li e, where the tar kettle had run over and a great
was eaten oot. The tar was gone from bc-
I t’- -<n the blocks whom the gravel had.not befen
j laid no it, but tho blocks were generally uninjured.
J Tb pavements on Madison, Houdolph, and the
other streets were In much better condition than
j w.i• t* cpecled. They wore badly honeycombed In
!.ioy place*, ami sometime* twisted and itjo
Lm. i, lint can be generally repaired. Thu rails of
i ill: rtrcct car> were In many cates badly sprung,
kills are uninjured.
THE SOUTH SIDE KOAD
letlily have its track all required to-day,
i x. in take the West Side companies buln
i lii oto relay theirs. There is considerable
lebiis in msny of the streets, hut
TUE WOKK OF CLEANING
Ims already begun. The sidewalks, wood and
stone, have gone, the large limestone Mocks split
ting and caving lu. Along the South Branch
LINDS BUILDING i
flands, and Ihe Keening Mnil has Us office there. 1
'Hie coal yards south to Madison street are still
burning, ami will do so deajdtc the water, wilh lire
exception of the one at Randolph street bridge, j
.Tfcc LaSalle strict tunnel is In perfect order, but,
on account of the darkness there, and the fear of t
accident?, no carriages were allowed logo through.
There are no records In them at present,-and. If fl
any were stored there, they have been destroyed.
PRESERVING OItDEK.
The leal headquarter* of the oulcr-prescrvlug
force of the cily I* now at Nu. bOO Walmj'h avenue,
where tJcacial Phil .Sheridan lias established hit.
headquarters, in the lion»c formerly occupied by
the Phteulx Club. Here the head of the city has
planted a pine table and entertained hU numerous
visitors.
Th&force at the General** command, in ndditlou
to the city regular aud special police, cousbtri of
erven companies of regulars and fix
of volunteers. The former are from'
Omaha and other western points, and
arc all camped upon the site of the Ball Park, on
Michigan avenue. To them, us the most trust
worthy and vigilant force at baud, ha? been en
trusted the care of the South Side burnt district,
reaching from Harrison street to the main river. Jn
this space is at present the wealth aud treasure of
Ibcclty yet in safes.aud in most cases buried In
the ruins. The numbers of
THIEVES
now known to be in die city, and the presump
tion that they will make the safes their objective
point render this disposition of the troops the most
prudent one possible. The orders to the mntluoU
last night were of the strictest possible kind, aud It
will be woudcrfuliudced if the rnflianly element
shall triumph.
THE MILITIA
arc from Bloomington. Springfield, and Cham
paign in this State, and number six companies in
all. They arrived In the city on yesterday
morning under orders from Adju
tant General Diiger. and wore Immediately sta
tioned in different parts of the city to repress pil
lage, nnd generally to preserve order. Two com
panies were placed on the corner of Prairie avenue
and Twanjy.pecond street, and were as fiue-Icoklog
men as one could sus. They were from the Illi
nois Industrial University at Cliampalgp, and 3
heartier, healthier, more Intelligent set of men
would lie hard to find.
Ono other company of wgs stationed at
tho corner of Canal and Wilson streets, for the
protection of tho thoroughly-affrighted residents of
that portion of the city.
Another company was placed on IJaWcd street,
with bead-quarter* at the railroad elation. On
Twelfth street.
TITE NORTH SIDE
did not need much military protection in its dil
apidated coudltlon, and was abundantly guarded
by two militia companies stationed io Lincoln
Park.
A part of (lie Champaign company was also
at tl|e coruer «>f Randolph and Elizabeth streets
GENERAL bIJEUIHAN'
seemed satisfied, th?l the .city yaa pvr/ocily safe
under the protection already#! fc#ml; hut. iu pnl<;y
to assure this, more troop* will arrive shortly.
Three additional companies of regulars were os*
peeled last night, and ten companies more will ar
rive to-day, making a force large enough to keep in
onlcr all the rough* in the United Stales.
ANOTHER ADDITION
foifys order force of the city wax on yeelorday
starred by Qcneral fpjnk Sherman, under author
ity from Mayor Ma;oji and Sheridan.
This will .consist .91 9 ycgimcqi
of uiiiltU to Up recruited by trustworthy
men for twouiy-day fcfyfco. 'fhc'.rcgipre/if wjfl
consist of ten companion of sixty meg, an*) thru#
officers each. Tho Colonel Jm« established his
bead-quarters at UlO Wabash Avenue Methodist
Church, corner of Harrison street, and the only
members of his staff yet known are (MI, Dyer,
Adjutant, and Martin Bjnn, Commissary and
The.foljowjqgff.e of the Captain* en
trusted with the railing «f Iff ih.# jjr#cr
of their appointment; I'Jiil. Wftflswpi tli, Japics
Steele, T. 11. Whittlesey, L. 0, (Joojjrich, Jqim
Fisher. Paul Fnech, John Paul, H. S, Farnsworth.
J. K. Fisher, and W. E. Rogers.
The only Captains of companies, who had report,
cd tjpdr recruiting offices on hut evening, were the
following:
T. 11. WUUloiflv, corner Twelfth and Stale
streets.
S. 8. Farnsworth, No. 1C South Green street.
J. K. Fi*ber, corner Indiana avenue and Six
teenth street
If*. g. Rogers, corner Canal aud Madison streets,
THE NGJITJI DIVISION
present* a sod and dreary lafpUcajv. Crpesi/yj the
river byDiviflluo street bridge a vast swecpofdcsor
Jstiou stretches out before the eye. With tbo ox.
c eptiouof a few pieces of solid masonry standing
up here and there, monuments of departed glory,
everything has been leveled to the ground, and 00
yesfigcsromainoflbe wooden buildings which lined
the streets 09 that s((Jc of the river. Along Division
Street .nothing .can ftc recognize# gotil Sedgwick
street is marked by three jagged pprncra qf what
was once Franklin School- Thente toNort# ate*
nnc there is not a trace on either sidp of the road.
&0d yesterday persons wandered around In search
of the sit?* of their homes, hoping to find among
the debris some rcmrtsnls Of their property. The
fences and sidewalk* arc all gone, find the rails arc
bent aud curved, io some place* rising as high as
three feet. A brick tower tells where the North
Avenne Police Station stood, amjsf/injllng oat In
bold relief against the sky arc the waifs and
towur of 9t. Michael’s (Gorman) Chorch, on North
avenue. The wails do PQt appear to have suffered
much, and seem to bavp withstood tbo beat better
than and building on Jbo North J3lde. Th* Calhp’lc
Church of which the Roy. Iff- BnjJer tyaa the pas.-
lor, baa vanished ontlroly.and to bos tho Alexiau
Hospital, except part of s side wall, which rises
high and grim. Between these landmarks nothing
but rubbish remains. From Sedgwick, along
North avenue, to Orchard, everything is gone, tho
Newberry School having been a barrier to tho
fuythpr progress westward of the flames. Tho
sebeoj house i* ffPW
{A HOUSE QF KgpUpß,
and oa£h room la .crowded with men, women, and
children, as many as Dvcrjty families Ijelpg in each
room. Food is being dualt mjt fo i|jcm sqDJclent
to supply their wants, and crowds of perscss are in
line allday getting rations.
BOUNDARIES OF THE PIKE.
The only part of tho North Division that escaped
was lbs aogla honj|i}uii on the south by North
avenue, on the cast by Orchard etrppt, amlon the
west by tho river. Tho line of destruction ran
northeast trout the Newberry School, striking
i Webster avenue near Lincoln place, and continuing
Ibcnco to the lake. All cast of Uulbnrt street to
the city limits, all cast of Orchard to the lake, and
all south of Orchard was destroyed.
A (u>v solitary bouses stand. Oueoflhcsc on Lin
pojrj plafe. Is a white cottage, which remains
gnscajhed in the njfdsl of the dreary waslu eur
founding It-' A policeman named Bellinger, an in
valid, was the occupant when the fire raged. He
bafllcd Up 11)0 'BldcwalkTos far ;as possible
Isolating bljshoiuc,;.! Then bepompd water over
(bo building uotii pone lpfl, jad the
waterwas all gone, he look hisUderout of.his
cellar and used it in thu same way. ’i lie house is
now occupied by three famllit a, one of them hulug
Commissioner Gund's.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12. 1871.
lake. It la a gloomy ro:xd to travel now. Despair
breeds over tho frier of the ground, and nothing ex
ists to mark the thousands cf happy homes swept
away on that dreadful night.
Striking Lincoln Park, the trace of the besom of
destruction is visible oxen there. The fences have
all gone, and some of the railings around the
graves in the Old Cemetery are tcorcbotL and
burned. The fire did not .penetrate far Into the
park, as Itdid not reach It until ahont II o'clock on
Monday night, when the welcome rain was fail
ing in torrents.
so»t hern it may be Interesting to 'state that a
the same hour, the Haines caught John A. lluck's
lionso.lxsyond the city limits'and. it was the lasi
house destroyed.
The hotucKo. £O3 Clark street,! saloon opposite
Lincoln Park.keptby Mr. C. ItaggU stands.unbar
Ed, mid so do txvo horn-da n short distance boulh,
one of them b’clug a handsome liruwn front hon? c
not entirely finished. Tho eipai« of those build
ings may be attributed to llielr isolated position.
The panic Is true of the residence of Mahton D.
Ogdon at the comer ofOak and Dearborn. There It
stands In all Its beauty, not even the fence scorch
ed, Considering the Intense bent by.whlch it was
Ihrealcacd, Ito escape was remarkable.
Staudingnorlhcnst of tbc Ogden tuanshmun the
lake (•hore.nre two dilapidated talus of Hack's aud
Hivory'e mammoth breweries. They ore a total
wreck. Tbo lower stories and ut intervals pieces of
heavy masonry survived the shock.
Unity Church, so recently reared In all its beau
lifnl proj«oitlous byjlhe iiidomitahlo energy ofJtur.
Itobert Collyer and his congregation, stands now
*trip|>edofall its grandeur, a rained pile of blister
ed stone. The walls are solid, and the towora am
not malerioL'y damaged, but the building U gutted'
ftimi hnsemet to root.
Next to U area few windows marking the alia of.
a Urge Mono residence,mnl Immediately sooth of jl
arc the roofies* walls of the .New England Church,
one of the most elaborately finished edifice* cf the
kind hilhticonnlry. Those who hare eeeo Hagoi
goous decoration* indils munt feel Miy for it
fata.
Robert Cullyer's old fchurcli, onthc comer ol
Chicagoavenueand Dcaibom street, moic recent
ly used by the Baptists, has all disappeared bu
the basement.
TbcW ater Works stood the fiery lott well. The
tower is intact. The walls of the Immense engine
house arc still perfect, the roof only being destroy
ed. It was strange how It took fire. The flames
bad only reached Ohio street, when suddenly and
in an instant, the roof was and the’
men lurldc rnnning for their lives. The
buildings intervening were untouched,
and It seemed as If an invisible
tongue of flame shut across and slincfc tbe roof
with the rapidity and fatality of lightning. Tbe
assistant engineer bad barely time to stop the en
gine, aud shoot to tbe men to open the safety
valves and save themselves. This occurred at 7:9)
on Monday morning, np to which time there was a
full head of water on, with only one engine run
ning. Such Is thcl account given by Mr. Crcgicr,'
the engineer. A Urge force of meu arc hard at
work on the machinery, which Is expected to be
ready for use early next week.
Bill's and Sands' great breweries, near the
Water Works, on the lake shore, are badly dam
aged, the roofs are gone, and the walls cracked and
torn.
The German church on Chicago avenue, Dear
State street, can bo identified by the luu-crucal
story, which remains.
The Church of (be Holy Name is wrecked all bat
the spire. That solid piece of work stand* as good
as ever, and the new htory recently added by
Frank Agocw shows by its substantial appear
4qce that It was the work of a faltl fpl and .skilful
mechanic. About a zuputh flgp Mr, Jphß
Ponlia began the frapiewurk pf the
Rpper portion pf the spire, which reaphojl
n total hclgfit of 300 feel. It wady for
slating, but the fierce wind of Mondey night, aided
by the fire, blew it down, aud it I* rumored that six
men wore injured by tbe'falllng timbers.
The Orphan Home, conducted by thcbijtctaof
Mercy, which stood In the block alongside the
chnrcb, Is gouo entirely. ButllUlO; of the wreck
remains. It was there that 230 .orplmn children
found a home, and were educated hy the pkua
women who devoted their lives to the holy work.
The Children bad a narrow escape, and.but for. the
effort* of Mr. J. U. Sail Ivan, who drove them away
in hi* wagon*, many of them would have fallen a
sacrifice to the rclcntlesj* destroyer.
comp IlfO Jllajorlcnl Sccicly, on Cutario
ttrccf*. \la precious i»xupioifß, ui«*
jjllcrly /jQJlrny.cil. 7’h«ro W(la jhe*orlg|na] Kyan.
tlpallon Proclamation and p e.illoptlon pf inept I
toos ofihc war lliat would barn U*on prim) by All
fultireago*. TUo building wtw Intemlpd to be fire'
'proof.aitd Its maasivowalls would lead anyone to
l)cllcvc that nothing could shake or dertruy them.,
K worth! worn, however, thnt not even ft conlj
lirennl tin* fiery wave (bat Ijcat and Barged against
U. Tfto JrelHlug Is now a borp of stone. Two
arched wlndo’wa'ln Ibo sonlfi tjtid of ±c'font are
al] ibai nrnialur Arte there a reouumentof'a
building, amj.worw’tl.au of ‘smith Vwclvo
felip'4'*crcat}|fos W'jjft pp »«pßf K3 fe *C
twatb )bc blisjjclcbh mays off übbjsh-
St. Jamfjft’ Episcopal P|i»rfb bar |qrt 11* rpof
and floors, but otherwise tho injury la apparently
PII A triangular piece of wall ie all that survived of
the old Market Hall, a place of some notoriety and
;t»ter«»t In thoblstoryof the city.
1 jdacc o) pm Kinsjo School knows it n 0
pjorc! and'itfl site can w not wiifionl
X,, s)!l!lck<}r|jyflf«irt|fsr north <jn LaSalle street
stood a church, of which oply )h? *9*f?r “lid
walls remain. f f J
We have gone the rounds, the dismal round* 01
desolation, cod have Indicated the.- prOftlflCfit
structures that have left a Iracc behind.. They are
few fay {fctrreen. Tooiuaads, of booses, o 1
happy howoa and’presptrvo* bwslucsn marts,, re.
raaln unrecorded, for so completely "are they
blotted out that even their owners and occupants
cannot positively locate their bites.
It la worthy of notice that scarcely a street has n
y&?4 of wqodcn sidewalk remaining, and those who
witnessed (he coDflagraljon kp a qw full well the
fatal certainly wilhwhJcU they conduced tho fir*
from block to block, even'across vacant blocks.
They were as perfect conductors of fire as stool Is of
streets the Nlcolson pavement was bad
ly homed, and It was scorched more or loss cvery-
where.
There has been ranch distress and no.small
ampaufof actual sulfcrlug among the people-of
tho North DiyiclQii. 'When jrelfeatlng tjotdrc the
fire like a manner at sea without a coiqpui they
did not know where ihoy wore going. -They sought
refuge in all aorta of places. ‘Under the sidewalk
at the Division and North avonuo bridges families
laid down weary and exhausted to get that sleep
which they needed so much. One case Is worth
relating.
Jajjjcs Roche, a teamster, told tbo tale about_
himself and Ip* ftmlif. JJc Jived with bla wife and
six children, at 40 Glen atrset, negt Franklin. In
the early part of- the fire be used, hia horses
and wagons helping bla friends to remove Ihelr
furniture, I?hcp b|s Q\m property was threatened
he loaded lb® WSgflna »»h I* lß fiooda., rmqo bed
ding «mong Hm rest. Jflswlfc pat |3OO In green
backs in ana of the beds, and rented back.tptho
honseto save something.cUtt- Before alio could
get ont a blazing fagot fell on the beds. Inthe
wagon and set It on fire. Her ciothea caught
in the house, and to save her life her hat
band was forced to tear tho clothes' 'lrom
he- body. She had literally nothing on her
ai£l yscaped >yiif| ghqwg bjsnket around her.’ The
eldest daughter jxas .lAidht.
They took refuge under the alflewal|c: near
Aycnucftridgo,‘and wore there attwb o'clock yes
terday, wheuib& .hgsbasd camo down fovvn to got
her some clothes. He stated that ho_ did »qt*^|p. i
cu.*d, and bis wife would not stir, from her, biding
place wilhont some covering.- They bad.only two
hors* blankets to cover them, and IWed on a barrel
of ilour which tyas abouf Jhg tjnly thing t|}ey
Throe njiqjstara api} a Catholic ejereynpn ?lcp k
under tho sidewalk one night, “itch U the SWc
mcutofjlr. Roche hlmsolf. v.'
PUBLIC MEETINGS.
MERCHANTS. BANKERS, ETC.
A ftq hgiiU.hjjk'i.f.
an'l oLhqra. nbotycre In hasiiivuginfhe gont}yHlr|:
he'd at Standard Ilal'.-a rKrorTblrtoonlh
alrect'and illchlgaa'avc’nno,’ at 2 o’clock; yejitertsy
gftcjTioon. The of the assembly, as
?9 IhP p»l|, to arrgngj for Ui s resumption fif
nusliicss. and to |*oricci H«TB »hd hf
prusont omcrgoncios,
Ex-Aldcrma« Wicker tnl!o 1 th 3 mcotlug to or.
der. 1I« said:
Gentlemen; A meeting was called bore last
evening at which an organization txtk place, and I
was made ffa Chairman. The'objects oftbatmect
ing were lo provide for the wants of the duslitnle
for protection, and lor such mesetirca as might I>e
deemed necessary for tho rc-cjtabllßbmeDt ofbnsl
uc.-5 and for the rebuilding ofourcify. Nothing'
definite was concluded njiun. A motion was made
to api>°bii an Executive Committee, hot It was do
firred until this altsrnoon. I. as Chairman, was
instructed to telegraph the Governor and reqneet
him to call a sisalon of the Legislature fiume
diately, which I,did, and I received this answer:
Springfield, Oct. 10.
G. "Wicker-.
Tho Legislature iscallmlto meet on the 13Ui
ioeU,Krid*y. JOHN SL PALMEIL
Tho object of this piceliqg is to api>uint an Ex
ecutive CoinmlUoo, -I &appeae since provisions
have been made-by .General Sbcriihui to protect
our cltlzuua all we ha\x loalou to proceed to re
establish and rebuild tho «ly. To this end let us
proccodat once tliat some thing may be accoup-
Usbed as sooa as possible!
Hon. ,1. C. Dure. It eo happens that" a meeting
urban kens and merchants and others bad been
called for this very hoar, at Ihe corner of Ami and
Washington streets, with a view to locate the city
government over there.’
A voice :Is that official?
■Mr. Dore: I will give you myaulhcrity.
A voice: I knuWlt !ul>cm.
Mr. Dore: My authority -Judge Bockwith
David Cage, and B. C. Ayer.- They requested that
the bankers and others adjourn their meeting; and-"
repair Immediately to the corndr of Ann aid Wash,
ington, and I am requested to ask this meeting to
adjourn and meet at that place, as they have agreed
to keep that meeting open until we get there. The
Post Office, the Custom House, the banking inter
cat I*ben, and the Insurance officer* would bo betc:
lf>rc hod any. Out mercantile Interest Is here, and
we want thu diy government hetts, Thla Ik
to be' a kind of grand centre, aud I am
told that ibis hall has, been tendered free to
our city. It is a city hall, almost. In llsetl.
rhopc that before we adjourn an Executive Com
mltioc' wljl be appointed, end 1 will a»k thoChalr
man lo pohilpatc the committee, and that the com
nilttce draw up such a communication,as they
think proper, and submit U to o ueellng to-be held
at 3 o’clock to-morrow ahernuon. I now move
that the’ Chair appoint an Executive Committee of
‘seven* whoso doty It shall be to present to this
meeting !©-morrow a communication such uk they
may deem proper.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clunrnum: I have received a despatch from
Mayor Mason, which the Clerk will read. In that
connection I might say that agreeably to a Tele of
the meeting last night this hail was tendered fur.
thenseoftbu ciiy government, and thaSocrctaty'
was requested to furnish -that information ta tie
Mayor.'
The Secretary, Mr. M. A. Meyer, then read the
following telegram*
Springfield, Oct. 11.
t R*S. Mason, Mayor of Chicago:
Tba Legislature called for Tuesday. 13lh of
.October. Send down ’a committee to suggest*
measures for relief of your people. Everybody is
disposed to aid yon, and It la desirable that some
of vonr Senators and Ueptvseniatlvee come.
JOHN M. PALMER.
Written on the back of tbb despatch was the fol
lowing;
Will the meeting, at 3p. m., appoint a committee
in compliance with this request.
It. B. MASON, Mayor.
MR. Dore. I have telegraphed the Governor
to comp hero and comprehend the position. I
think it would be wplj, bovrevjr, to appoint a com
mittee.
Mr. Kellogg. At n meeting of merchants tli*
morning, I was authorized, in the name of C. B,
Fanvell and Marshal Field, to telegraph. Gov
ernor to meet us at Standard Hall, to confer, with
the merchants in relation to this great calamity. I
have telegraphed, but l»ve Dot yet received an am
swer.
The Chairman. The citizens have been well eared
forby.the city authorities; The commUteo alluded
to wilt consist of the following named gontlemsu
General John' A.' Logan'Chauncoy Bowen. J. C.
Dore, W.’ P.' Coolbangh,’ J. M, Walker, Butter
.Palmer, Judge Otis. 1
On motion, the Chairman and Hon. C. 1). Fax
well were addM to the committee.
Oii mQtlod oT Mr. Dore,'the meeting adjourned
to attend Lhd mecclng at ;Anu and Washington
struct*.
South Side merchants, hanker*,- manufacr
lurers, and others are requested to meet at Stand
■ard 11*11, corner of Thirteenth street and, Michigan
avenue, si 3 oMock this ahtirpoou..
UAXpife ASjT
There wc;e two gatherings of business bodice,
anuoonoed. ft* A o'clock in the afternoon—^Hto meet
lug of the buolwrs and the uniting of thu mer
chantial lbe Standard Hall, on Michigan avenue.
Both of tbi-so bodies ebon adjourned to attends
third and' Joint meeting, on.the corner of Wa-blng
inn and Ann streets.
The object of tbe meeting was to take measures
for.jhq immediate rpbulldlfigbf the business por
llsubf lhc’6oilfh l j. tfcarampn Was
bfccted Chairman, and. ||eury 1. Sbcljjon Secretary'
The o.fthcCquipwn CamicH, Sjt. Hbi
d«vstatcjl 'jnfofßjaHouJ^nt
were readJlß plapotfeo City Guverowegt farlbo
preicnl wherever It would bo for the best Interests
of the wholu city.
Es-MayorKlee, after staling he was about to
prepare for the rebuilding of bis own property,
moTwl.tliata conunlMce of five be appointed to
'confsr at once with the Common Council for Ifon
iWiiidinibif tso (if/ir
-jir. Scammon,- -tha Chairman. and who.
is r; ‘tl|« r '’’,PßsH d enf’ ,i*' Mappe
Baqk. Sfated thafr opqii.fto fctp(iid|ag. of the bum.
od portion of tb* Mouth Division dependod tho
ftllttfO Wl r *ll°h of Ihc city. It was not a realtor
of expediency, btttt-f *«Siin2 jwwtally to us air.
Uo could rent all hU buildings, 1 In many casos. 'to,
former tenanU, at the former .prices, as soon’as
they could be r
Afi*rafulld)«ns«lbabyE. P. Ifanysn, ono-of
the Wert Side.; Park'! Commissioner*., Colonel
Hough, of (be Chamber of Commerce, .General
Stiles, the Cl iy Attorney l Dr. Evart*, Obndlab Jack.-
soB, Henry I. Sheldon,' General Mann, and others,
llw'ae'ncaHimoUSly resoled )h“) yOmpjillce pf
fifteen, five from each- division' of tbo-cUy,
be appointed to'wait upon tho Common Council,
and confer as to’the rebuilding of the City Hall.'
The Chair appointed on this committee:
Prom (he South DivUlon—Ex-Mayor Rice, J. C.
bore. Dr. Evarts. Charles U. Wicker, U. U. Uonpre.
Pronl the North .Di virion—Mahlpn D. Ogden,
ObadUh Jackson,-‘A. H. Burley, John Borden, J.
11. Kccif.
■Prom the tyest Division-General Slilos, Gen
eral Mami, E. f, E.tinyan,' A. M. Billings,’ E. F.
Colvor,-
HENRY’I. HHBLDON, Bacrolary.
ANOTHER MEETING.
An Informal meeting of merchants was held at
Standard Hall, at,balf-past 3 o'clock ;yeiienlay af
ternoon, to consider the subject of spgce for store
onLako Park. -A commlltee on that matter, bad
mgol}i3ff 93 Jfy? prcyloua. ?vcn
ing, and thoybad: pßnfJtrefl tbc o.
Public Work*/ The whole patk.frqnp Randolph to
Twclftb*etrcct will Ite occupied by a Jjaildln?
»torlc» p; bplght,- A* tnp meeting was,, an
Informal &oc, qo definite tjctlon vyaslgkoq. Jtwas
suggested that the different p|a*scf of business
mou, that la, hardware, dry goods, notion*, etc, get
aa near together a* possible. The committee bare
a rough draft of the *jiace, and merchants are ro
quested to call at Standard Hall and rclcctaslie
for their building*, Many firms have already or
dered lines of goods from tbo Bast. .j.
:BAU MEETING.
A puggtjjnaJi fcVWIH? W3*
'noon ay the Bogrdqf Trade rejomf. The
Hod. Grant qopijrlch’presiding, and J. C. Knlcker*.
acting aa
On motion, If rpwlfgd that a ipepllgg qf the
Judges of the virions courts and of (be inember
‘of tiro bar ho held at.Rlce Jackson's ItaU. at-li
O'clock tq.ipiy, aqd the follqwlng gentlexqcQ.were
appointed fflnim|l|ep Jfl gjjho i£e gr
raugements for the meeting} QmnfQoodrjcbj J-R-
BradWoli, John W. Eager. J. C-.K'nlttcrbocfecr. K. 1
F. llnnyan, J;M: Mariam and P. Mcliugh.
Rice’«fc Jackson’s Hall has hcen selected aa: tbo
place of moclteg.- sluco all tbo county ofllccaare
there. •r;
CITIZENS' JIBBTINO.
A mecilng o’feltUcns wq* held on Tneidav cyqq.
lug in the Tfjg V Utt
gathering arc not exuutmilt it vyaa a meeting of
the• mp*t important character.. An-agent, was
preicut-IromXtotrolt, authorized lo: mky arrange
mevjt»forfsoMJdVorthJs(HnppUt>M- il ><jß
tbc n»««l>h3 Id'dteJdg jn vyhgt fqrm tko rcl;.
ahonld come-rln clothing, munuy, fapl, food
immediate use or for future cousuuptiun. I* v..:
determined to accept DJlrolt’a magulllccQl dor. a
I Hon In clothing.
LOSSES AND INSURANCE.
The following 1? a list.of looses and insurance as
supplicj by the sufferers ,up to the time of going
to press;
1 he total amount of grain destroyed In ifvc ’ele
vators was J,ii“|,7ofi bushels, valued at $1,235,P:-t
Tho amount remaining,in store Is StfOO.OCO hu Jicli
“W m. M. Butler’s Ibt of losses and Insurance 1»
as follows:
Printing office on the third floor at No*.'lls
Madison street;. loss $5.10); insured M.COO fu Mu
lual Security of Chicago.
Class staining works at No a. toil. 211 and SlB So'-
|>crlur street; loss, on buildings and stock $7,000:
insured SI,OOO in Allcmanla, and;sl,CoO In Gel
mania, both of Cleveland.
Dwelling house, No. St Adams street; loess2,soot
Insured SI,OOO la Commercial of Chicago.
Dweliiugs No.-S3 nml-27 Quincy street; loss
Insured inUanlcn'pity.
Dwellings No. 231 and 3% Ontario street; loss-
$*,000; Insured $3,0J0 In Carden City.
l>wxi!ingsNo.3olanduo(>Ericstiect; loss $3,000;
snHired S?,O(X> in Garden City.
Store No. 337 Lake street;, los?; $10,000; Insured
SI,OOO Home of New York, and $3,000 Manhattan ot
New York.
Stock of hardware in above .store! €12,000; in-
sored f-.W Duffsio Fire and Maxine, and $2,500
Cleveland.
Total.lues by Wm..M.Butler, Si7JXU; loUlia
«ar»nce,s2Lm
—Michael Blabrocy, dwelling No. 9 Ogden Place;
OM $1,830 Insured «MK» in Home of Chicago.
—Joseph Shannon,same bouse;-loss SIOO. to
nsurnucc.
—JosephO'Connor, same lionsc; loss $000; to
loßiirancc.,'
—lluyck iKnnx, No. a? South Water, street,
chemical*; low MhIXW; iusuraucc $10.21)0 Jn -Kina
of ilaniord. Home, Manhattan, aad Security of New
York, North American of Philadelphia, Fireman's
of Chicago, aud People's of, Worcester, Mass.'
—August (iebhsnir, residing at No. JB3' Division
street; blacksmith shop No. ft£l Michigan, street,
with wagon aud farmge factory!-' Total loi»sCWjf
Insured SOOO in Mutual Security-of Chicago.--;
,-r-Thomas Maddy, No. 03 West .Harrison* street
Joss $2,000; Insured $1,300 in Fire of Chicago
—Wm. Kluc, No. CM North Clark'street; lost
$1,300; insured SI,OOO, .Etna of I|artford.
—Geo. Shore, No. ltd S. nth* Clark street; lore
$7,0C0, bunding'and Content );lriß urC(l $1,30!),-Mer
chants’ of Chicago! j
—Willoughby, Hill Co., Boston Clothing
House, and IW 'South Clark street; lota
$60,000; insured. $5,0C0, German. of .Cleveland;
S3,(MO Lycoming of Muncy, Pa:; S2AW Aurora tf'
Aurora, III.; $3,000 Teutonia of Cleveland: $f,500
AJlomanih of Cleveland; S3,CO) North British of
London; trial,*s3s,ooo.
C. A. llavllaud, r ui oj the West and Soldiers'
Friend; loss $1,003; insurance not stated.
—Mrs. Mary Buckley, No. 137 Townsend street.
Lose,s3,ooo; Insured $1,300 In thtf.Mercbanis', u(
Chicago.
—J. P. Kennedy, No. 203 South Clark Btrccl;ioes.
SSW; Insured S3OO Teutonia.of Cleveland.
—John Wren, No. 233 South Market street; ‘los*
sr,oooon building.'and contents; jnsnred* $3,000
J^erchanls’of Chicago! j
—Mrs. Kale Tierney. No. TO Third syenite; loss
$3,000; insured $2,003 Chicago Fire; '-l
—Mrs. Tierney, No.SM State struct; 10aa
on building and contents; Insured SSOO Chicago
Fire, and $1,900 Mutual Security of Chicago.' 1 1
—Thomas Ilastle, No. 213 JUndolph Btreet;.lqte
$60,000 lu bonds and mortgages, lind s2t\oooin
building and *tock; Insured $3,060 Commercial and
Mntu4lScfnrityqfChicago.
P- Nuddand W. C. Grant,- residence No. 11
Adaqti street; lews $33,000; Insured’sto,o3o.rn Hart-
ford, ofriartford, and $3,000 to MerebanU'. oflLut
ford.
—Q. lJ.i?artncr, No, 318 ?Ako street: loss S3O,
0u0; Insuredsl2,oo) In', homo cbmpariies'j aUo' at
corned of Lake and Franklin streets;
injured inhome companion.
''—C. B. lleynolds. No. 406- North- Wells '*treef;
lues slt«M: insured SI,OOO In Republic, of Chicago..
—W. T. Hancock, No. 13 V'att Bnren.street, fur
niture and clothing store; loss $1,3001 Insurauctr
.SI,OOO lb Dodorwrilers, New York. r
—Empire Line, J. Stockton, Agent,. No. Va La-
Salle street ;loes $1,500; Insurance $750, liioenlf.'
of Hartford.
W. Sontlmold, No. 30315 North LaSa’lt\
■fiirnilore.cloiyng, ic., $»,500V insurance, S2,UW,'
Alloa, of Hartford. i
—Mosers. Onalt, Soulhwell Co., No. 70
street,
Ajlna,lpirijopl.,
rr-Doctor J. S.. Clarke, .No, 333 North Wells
slroct. Los?, $13,000; Insurance, sCooin the Home
Mutpal, of Chicago.
—Clarke* O'Keefe, plumbers, on the east side
of LaSalle street', between Randolph jiml Jjike
Loss, $3,000. No Insurance. 1
Tli.E OENKUAL PROSPECT.—
There are $?6,n00,C00 of capital represented: In
ln»<ir*nco crtTrpnnt"*
Oitju^©comiihlnqs have- ihun'to 30- mVlUom*,.
nioft cop;s here {u pay, to»srz., fctjf.
fepifS get fmm lnsurauoe
S'iiQqtpV4Tßl I,^°fls Miflutfht titai r oa<in.
aae. ihc comiwnh ii will pay 50 per cent, of.
losses, if this Is correct It fs th«)U.;ht (|i'ui the
national banks will pay 10Q per- cduk within a
reasonable time. i;
TIIB SUIIP^Y. f
Vcslord"! noon some cif the netir
ftdams stroet, made a- connection with tho city
main there, and ptlinpcd the water lo.sc.'tbot’itiere:
wasasapply attlic hydrant* ucay tha river,,ami.
iHiO la the houses along Canal el r jct,.sjnu oil
the floors., A klmilftr crnnoction’
was.: mad*: at, Twenty-Second, .street,: .and
at.Sfrfeeiithv e> that water ran from som-: iiftlie
’^otjih'sidg. Thpiifiii' it >aroe frQm'
river; it-was quite paUMlilc.-tlic stream itcjag ujiich
purer, however, owing to the fact ilu)t the dbchargn
rum tho main sewers has ceased,'or been greatly
diminished. Mr. Creglcr/ at.the
\Yaipr \Vorkß,
by Monday,
CITY HObTITAi;
The following patient* are’ iu-Ward D of tbo
City Hospital:
Charles Kattcliug; burned at a stable'on flic
Lakoahore. l
.Charles Mclntyre, burned fltMclro{mli{aa fiall.
fbomM MfDujuap, Itupipd at 123
street,
worth scorched hear Twelfth street.*- 1
James.plvafn.bqrncd Pcyqrcly q», the foqirr *.f
Polk afid CJafk wlijlc trylpg tq'save hi.’
furnllqro. Vaclbadly burned.
In Ward C arc James Frank Bloke, burned b:
lace and bands.
Henry Gaylord, No. 43 North Slate strict. t,„iiy
burned on the face god hands’ at bis rcahleno*.
rotcr.Clark.No.l2tNorlh Markotetree!.
Ip.Uie.hoadi htcq,.apd liaptls,
A IJATPy "FAMILY.
In tho following circumstance, ‘bar., rr.i? M>m-i*
thing like the awakening from a lion: .i-cam to
'find Italia dream,' 1 jlr. Ford. \Viu»L>W. the
well-known banker, owned ab- *V,;ful rtrldouce
and grounds nearly opposite -to Hvjgbt's Grove—a
little paradise, In which he brj tr-k«*n particular
pride. At the near approach IC (t rc ent of the
neighbor* urged Mr. Winslow'. k-.uV.y to b-jtakc
themselves to tbclr earrlag-, Rlu l r! c p: TBcy"
did so. They -fled .V their
•and, along with thot> aß of others,
.sought (be bleak prairies, trhere they cqmpcd Qnt;
for thtt Mr. W.wander
‘.ed back to gazo upon the ni B 0 f lit* happy home,*
When lo! then; burst uj^ u hi- t>-;:ubUd-vision,a
green casUit\ the dc- t. [tv.jf Lv»old.boni<U{Uh*
scathed-. k->i '\\-y r—in roopd it. nls
sing l uv hippj'Jhniiryrelnrpwi:
taking,many »uflcrr:'.r.lcitur ullVlhem. AhAthdlt
friends jutvo i'XW-iU&ly,..
t HE UltOCEliij.
rnph~ iu-( developed many In*
vl.-ir-is aml itar«Tenre. ;>'ot
The fee .’i ca.
stauccaof
to's{>eak i:- t!iMi-»ada ><f firesides so gvacronsly
given up tin; ssiri-ft-r#, lit ds 'take the-grocery
store kcrp-ra. ami their, various .dealings. Two
cxßTuiilt;% rc given—those of Holdfast -and Slack*,
up. Twr utli*nii;n \vll 9
Crs:-;;n of ll'dui.t*', pcoaperonygTOCCn-went
ta ir„r. a. r ,"t' tho aud fcnneitedj aappheaion
r.'ii:’ ia oaclj cj»se* *ttc ’proffi>U”
r.jiv -r!*; -‘N<'t a-' CiUtVa; uqrth': on
i/iCj’V fi-i flthcs hagd the
-4U a rec«it customer of biapu the sldc
j -.vc”. l Mr. SaUih.-'lViuH ehhuoli ok my
:r.--<*ih.r>. You Mhdrerati tbo provMous yo
n. utid pay mein the spring." This Isnotal
Markup's boy next day announces to Mr
*»t If shQ la taking in jmy famlU.*a I
NUMBER 67.
(Siaeknp) will furnish aU their pror's'ons free for
a lime. Umro, Slncbnp!—Holdtast
YESTERDAYS FIRES.
Between 2 and 3 o’clock yesterday afternoon a
lire was discovered iu the Uck yard of>’o.ll7
Wuhfleh avenue,- near ll«rmuu.c<iiirl-a marble
front building. A hose-cart was passing’ at tlic
time, and the tiro was put.ynC'
Abimtli o’clock p. in. a woman at No.- -IGS State
street set Arc toabcd-tlck. arrested, and"
fie lire pat out.
rOUCE FROM INDIANAPOLIS.;
Captain-Johnson, df’fbii Indianapolis police
here on Tuesday, with fourteen rabn t
in uniform, and they requested/rations and bed-'
ding for thclr own accommodation bore. .They
reported lo oiir local authorities, add went on
guard on Tuesday evening, rusted all day jester
ira}', and Were on patrol duty again last night.
r OX TUE WAY./
r llarrtabnrg, l’a.,'Octill.'
.To the Editor of. The (llucago, Tt’putnt:
Tnc follcrwitig-pe«ons arii on, the Pittsburgh i
Port Wayne train from-New York/due in Chicago
at Oo’clock p. m. on Thursday/wlthald for and In
search of ftieniUvD: El Fatness, Philadelphia;
Charles‘M. JtjwJcy, ikwpm t'Dr.'AVm. rieflstoo;
Orange, N. S. J.t/rUflwoliL'Sr.,' I’ldJndrlpbi-t;
Biebard Wallcnnnn and Joel! TLEoiy,- Chicago; y.
O. lliil, Abingdon, ID.’ J
.a genuine cUHiosrp\v
The little onc-slory frame in the rear of
which wastbo barn iii whJolijlhs tire Originated, on
Dd Kovcitstrcut,- bUuklv to-day--alone- ami unto-
Jared. The flames swept rpqiidilon eVeryside
igniting! everything eise-r while that miserable
•IructurosUnds—amDn&Dicbt6rth’e‘idacl' whore
Ike fire commenced. Will i.nne enterprising.mu
scum please purchase U at a fictitious price, nod
help to relieve thcdbastur.with a round sum?
INCENDIARISM..
_/ In addition to Ihocasce'of incendiarism air'-*,r r
reported;the' following ,-wcjl miihcblicated facts
were gathered yesterday.. In.the alley between
Taylor'and Twelfth streets," running, from UaJstcd
to Newbetty streets! amatrattired ioa black cloak
was found cn>uching;at too rear of'a barn, ami' in
the aclfof applying ’a lightest mald| lb dry combust!-,
blematcriaF. Th'cpn’rly wfui saw tlic attempt, in'
the Impair,oftlniJnjoipoidJ sailed r nir-alarm,' In-
“tend of tiring at the. iDc^ridjaryiaud^lhowretch]
escaped.-’
i'—At Uo'clock bn’,Tae»itiy ‘fureno.m CharFc s
cllstrocf, near Canal airect hc-heard thecry
•of fire mlccd by.'oohic women. Hushing into a
shed b&dtscpvcrcd a quantity of brimstone on the;
floor, bunting. In ’this Instance, incen
diary c*capcil. ;,J il 1 jr-
i <—At the drug store or^cfld r 'Brothers, I 'bo Canal
.street,between Juddaod WlJsolialrCcts, there was
found'finder -thd "bamVon juosday ahcrmxni, .a
pioco.ofMahllla-ropr! jljfpct loni;, saturated with
Ur and olher combustible substances/ I?ba .duds
were frayed, so that UAvOdTd readily on
a)o« end- a-Jooeb .knotTnw: tied and soaked iu tar.'
An experiment was HubscqiicrUiy.: tried with thp
rope, and ft wis'fpmid' Vu'-bnmalqw., Tlic .gall'ty.
man, tn this case/wta unwept* ‘”y~
—Hannah;
near the City Elyvator! .fopnd a.hahdlo r of,‘hay.and.
straw deposited to-a'risky place, ahd.aatnratcd'
with kerosene.' waa die Tniid-Tyi
—A young roan wbb was to. THE .TBIBUNK
‘ofUccycbleTdayraorofng/bbi laiipd to mentlou his
address, stated dbat i to the
setting flrc to thq lu; whicUHo UTQj,iVl3icfe
were no raVolVcrk lb the tfduio, aml-.lhq ruffian has
qscapcd. li>fj jir::j 1
—A si] 1c dress aaintated ayilli’ Itcrosenc-was flung
owra ganlen' funee*cm'Wabash, aToana,’lnto.a
'back yard, and was picked «pdripplngwlib‘6l!.
—A.man vua sben liAiiging to a lamp post on one
nf tbs avenues, dead bat not cold,'
—At 1 o’clock, yesterday gftopioon. Deputy Sn
pcrintendent.Shcmipn, received notice from Ser
geant MeAnlcy, at the Webstar Urenne snb-rlalion
—the only bno rematolug dn tbo North Side—that
serosal bouses bad been set on tire, and that more
.than a dozen Incendiaries had been captured .’and
were "locked I np to jibe,, station. The.
natural rumor that. the mob intended. ‘to
:despatch,tocm withont delay accompanied" the
announcement, ami n squad of polled were called
together.r-An omnibps- passing the Union struct
station waireaptarcd by.the police, lire occupants
(juictjy requested logo l out-and tliivdrlvcr order-.
cd tb'drh'olo Ihbttallbft- The report proved to by
yatterly.wlUioutfimiuhition. the sergeant who njadfr
U being probably.Miu ylctip', ofn by some
pidhr-sfrlckeri nJifhleut or tifujy policeman.
K .r .AX.vrvßAi..-■
The following despatch haou forwarded to
prominent Chrlstlah'mQß In tbn East. and is here
by madapubllclhnt ClyrisMsu ministers nnd Sun
dsy School SupcrlnjcmL-nts 'tlio coual
ry may take action nisrequestvd.'
Mait; hundreds ofaar jto tr Christian Faniilic? arc
.hamejesa. WUI you not stimulate the inifin j
collections In the Cltnrcliu s;ud oN
‘upon wo taming fjabbalh in jlicw
houeaiid fhijdrco or a*r. .Mooayv''Sttnrt.ay -rV.
l *tbnenrd'withomhQmca orololhlng.
•J J-i j'IUkMUODV.
itKV.-f.•
D.W W!t«.
IleUefCoir.im?’.-; y. if. o.
Tifn’ ov- resign
fiitMMtCeaterqd in the A,v.dc-»y uf I)e
--|ljfn Half Bps owing to t’v: c;;Uwtod
thcrc. The artist* work >d boro bally ».ut their ef
forts were oMlnle'avall owing tbf im;w«bhityu
of cbtitn; mean* of Imp;;**: t;-: Tlx; Kattlc of
CcUraburgr llothen.;. I _bi -rml'Ml >icthre ‘was
takbn ouVby >*r< special!ylu
fuoued that Ilia s* s:>n.i;yl>c shipped
,t*uthe artistwho• ,v.i i. 'the Lu x grotipc oT’.l.
W. Doan'* family. paint*-, nj.l’ina and Vok?s bust
at NV o: more were :d,-.v *.vt J. The two achi
tectum'- pictmv b; N> Mynk-V which
have bifi. hi Enhury «o long,
were ouiy *Uy 'shipped to. .'Yule
coU«SQ- marine, a tego picture by
HlcrstfliH. y 1 1 ;h-.*>Mair ptettirca'dn tS6 pal*
idfy.-npA Jo‘ lb« Swimupmcopcc
tlnp r forward ’d r :‘>m Italy. Were. lost. Tbefe were
about»};’ n ii’.-h-d pli tures In’ the gillcry In all.
Tho o»n*' *ni?L whocaminiosUtf their woVks
'were >*i*< Uoc*~«*:U, add, Ford. T)josc who lost
evervdi’ are JvnWs, J*. 11. S. ‘.need, IVkbluS,
Drury. ■*'v« U;an«! iUcW'iarud
f?U p:t--Vf-(;I V
I Tti. •Mil;?
Llbe a.;.t>'.a'y '-■-•ok iMdscssiou on tbo Jfct of last No-
Wa 6i»fcßA h6u.se gallery.
A'flion, the Superintendent bribe Opera
House Art Gallery; fortunately l had mean’s of train
f<ortatlon itbsnd and saved nearl^eycrypicture
tathegnllcry, Inaddillon to the flue collection lit
Mr. CtosbyV private roomrf.
THE tiISTQRfCAL'SOCIETY'S BUILpING.'
The Jess of the Historical Bailding U irrepara
liV. Tbo library embraced 17.300. bound volumes,
iTo.tWO pamphlet*, and'complete aft* of dies of the;
1 Chicago’newspapers. This collection embraced a
complete record of tko history, of Chicago from
Its earliest days to the present. In addi
tion’ to. tbo library, the,', society ..owned
the-. original draft -of the Emanci
pation Proclamation by President Lmcolb/a com
plete set pf the Chicago-battle Hags, the Uealy
Gallery of three hnodred painting*, Diehl's Ham
let. Conlurc’a Prodigal Son, and Volk’s bust of
’MEXlWoln—the only one for which Jlr. .Lincoln
■Jiad a life-slttingi The lut» of lUoso treasures of
art and Hiyßlury wlp he f v -lt inure keenly hi. the
tolnro thatrat Rtefent. They arc treasures which,
.cannot he replaced, and lo.Uipir loss the history of
Ihe city Is lost also; 1
Sbnc valuable: jwivito" libraries'arid painting*
wofOfUQ burned,..anions, them those of.Messrs.
McCajrc. Xniblff, ’aiid .Sheldon. Mr. McCagg
jbsb^,’-•’ 'ln wuddillon to his flho ‘'libra
ry, Healy’a, bblorlcal •piemre; of (he Con
ference at Hampton .Raids, and Powers' «lalr.o of
l*ocahontiir.vllie gallery embraced about slxty-fivo
pictures, all by the bc*t home and foreign artists..
,'SAFES OPENED.
The old .Comptroller’s vault lu the Court House
tnslioen'examined.and found -intact;l(.
contained alt the fiw*amcet roils-of tbo city from
Irtipiapff ip It-va* cic4 eipecUlly bribe
Tai 7 0ojpB\!sfibney. it.
Everything Jn tho vatUDjOj ,Upj: non B *k
-waaij^qliy
ANNOUNCEMENTS.
Messrs. S, C.‘ Griggs drCor.have'already 'coni;,
mcnced buslcoV*; and 'are selling books at one of
iinj!\Yaha»have««a;ro«idoDC3f.:. t
Twenty-second Street bos assumed a lively i>osr
□ess aspect since the lire. It Is now the Lake
street of the South Division, and has one bank in
operation, the Twenty-second Slreei Saving* Bank,
I was the only back in the city that escaped
destruction.
Colonel Eastman has secured the Plymouth Con*
£reoilfonal Chnrch. on Wabash avenue, near Har*
tnon court, as the Post Office, and will more la
there at once.
BULLY FOR BONNER.
John IJ. Walsh, Esq., the President of tbo
Western News Company, has received tha follow
ing despatch from Robert Bonner, Esq., the pro*
printer of the ,Vf«? York Luigir:
New York, Oct. IT.
To.Tohr.Ji. Wnhh, Esg., I'r/st. Western yacs
Co.: All New York epmpal lazes with Chicago.
Millions will he collected In this city alone for tbo
general relic/ fund. Bran* on me at sight for ten
thousand dollars towards relieving sufferers who
arc in any way connected with the newspaper or
■newabueiocss:.. ROBERT BONNER.
Mr- Walsh has opened ‘an office at 99 West Ran
dolph street, where he will receive apollcatlons
and distribute tho relief.
.ARRESTS.
Shannon was arrested last evening near tho
Great'.Eastern ;Bepot,by Officer Dctllngcr,and a
.number-of chocks partly cancelled on tho
Traders National Bant,' from Frason, Drayton
Cq 1 *i"; i Uj i,.
Joseph ILUneayiUc and Gcorgo Benson were ar-
Jested far breaking Inla 'the mult of Kimball Cc»
The officer caught them with ihclr hands la tho
:T«iU.;; r
..—Officer Carpenter, at 11 o'clock on Tuesday
night, taking ’some regular soldiers on to the North
Hide to-McQjrmiclOi, Reaper Factory, and when
near there a man.yithin fifteen feet of him sudden
ly tlrc<f at him five or sir times with a revolver.
Fortunatelyho"vr**;imt Wounded, and finally se
cured the mao... He gives the name of Joseph Mor
►clcnsy. nnjl says he was a watchman of the Pesh-
Irgo' Laiiber Cbmittny., The ease was continued
until Friday, u
William Webb, formerly employed by Mr.
Wolhcr, of this dly, was arrested on Tuesday,
charged.wittarsoh; by a number, of South Side
residents. lie. was held to ball yesterday for fur
ther eiaminationl
—Bridget Hickey, a servant girl, was arrested on
Jhe; charge of arson In the South Division, and held
forfurtlicr'evidence.
DIRECTORY.
Tho Pacific ami. "Atlantic telegraph offices arc
1-1 ___
—Thu Pullrssn Palace Car Company have
stationed lhcir ofticcat the comer of Eighteenth
sired find Prairie avyhttc.
The Dumber* Exchange Is at the southwest cor
nor of La]cc and Market streets, where the import
ers ami dealers can ?jc.found.
—The Post Office can bo reached r in Eighteenth
:and Twelfth streets. Til*.situated at Darlington
.Hall, comer of Slate ana..Sixteenth streets, whero
the Western Union TcHgrapli Company have their
headquarters also.
r PERSONAL.
If Arthur 37. Sullivan, expected In this city front
Nelv York.' ha? arrived,, be can find his brotLe*
William at THE TRIBUNE office.
—lmnt, Preston Kean, bankers, opened the'r
safe ydstcrdayjaad brand'all money and securities
unharmed. They, will resume business in a few
days. r
—C-Van Hasan, I ’President of the Detroit Fir
and. Marine Insurance .Company, arrived here,
to-day. lie assures the agents of his company
Messrs. Lcwt?&’Hathaway; that they are prepared
to and will pay every dollar of their loss promptly.
,J, 11. Mcyickcr, may. be found at No. 190 Michi
gan avenue,-where he will do all inhla power to
help ibo needy onbt of the profession.
WARNING .TO COUNTRY MERCHANTS.
Parlies in.the 'country will do well nottocomo
to the city, expecting todoa produce business for
aftnv'dayi.r Tho coaunLalpn men will be able to
;tr^by next .week. TUL then Jonrncys will be
limited quantities of produce can bo
‘Ukcocareof, and some parties ore ready to make
advances thereon.
TTUIEATENEIJ DESTRUCTION.
A small 'piecu of. charred wood was found on
'Tuesday lying upon a tab)c In tho house of Dr-
Carr, No. 333 West Madison street. It was thrown
'upon the floor, whojo it broke in pieces, the frag
ments Igniting tho carpet in two places. It was
extinguished in a short time.
1 "TIMELY" AID.
William Baffin, President of the International
Iron Moulders’ Association, arrived here Yesterday
to look alter iho lotcrcslaof bis craft here*
•I—John Collins. Secretary of the International
Typographical Union, arrived here from Cincinnati
yesterday, bringing S3OO, raised in an hoar, for ihu
relief of Ibu Chicago Union printers. Hu will remain
aomd days, and remlcrallthc kid he can !n urging
anbordiualc Union* to contribute all the needo*
funds for the relief of tho emit her
THETURNING POINT.
UIiJi'IIJUNINU r&INT.
Madison street bridge ap l tbu a-iectnl Jill’s of
NortuU Co-Mfcie ofllysatod fnw de*!rncilon by
Ihq'fcunicasa-steam farce'pump attached to tbo
mil!,-br./wliicb a iH»\vcrful stream of wtt:r was
kept upon-the bxpdsid l property, hour after
hwtr. This pump Undoubtedly
the// Wert Division, from a terrible*
couiUgntlion, for if the Orient il Mills had burncci
the cotnhn-tlble nature of the ndjolultig buhliug 3
.UU'i ailjiicul lumber yards would have itsurud a
rcoue of devastation too. hcari-sictcnlnj for cun
tctqidiiliQjv. William Crtulie!<l, Charles Mungwr.
Rrjhcrt Whitley turd ;Jc#j>e Iltllcubeck had charge
i f tbl pump.
run ui<iiui.ATciiif.
tomor has a s;»: v i,t *oselon of
t!; !'I.. -is!ftl’urc to take action ou ihe part of tbu
ist.Kf, reintiyo to thc llrc ii\ itds city. Miinbcts
ovns Cook County are typrclally requested to la
j i»ru*culat the nv:v)Lm' iu-rpriugflcld to-morrow.
-ISEUEP.
All jicrions In'nqcd’of In; d will please call at
ift. Putrick’s Charcb, ciruer uf Desphtiues and
Adams streets.
TREBBUVED.
T S.Winslmr, banker, corner of South
Water and'Clark streets, stated y. sten’sy tbat i n«
ofthonfesdn bis bank wrs found to have pre
scrvcil all the money thcoin d-po‘itcd in'act.
Trto others nut yet oycned a;c thought to be a no
in good condition.
THE «EUMAN CLERGY.
A call ui>oti all the German clergy, nftbout re
gard to creed or sect:. All German clergymen of
Chicago,' are R'qncitcil to meet at No.CSC Uurasldo
Blro't,- northwest cwni'et of Twenty-second street,
on, Friday, at 2 o'clock p. m., to mature plan* L>
.bolp our' distressed people, and to alleviate tho
sutTdrhigin'f the poor. ,E GCNTUUM, Pastor of
•the Si. Stephen's Congregation.
RENEWING.
The Star Union Lina and Ciarko A Co., Agent t
he Pennsylvania Kiilroad, hare their office at
No.‘J West Madison street, under the Laclede Ho
tel!
Mon were busy yesterday erecting fiamo
buildings In Washington Park, on the North Side,
to accommodate houseless persons.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The general delivery of letters at Ihe post effleo
will commence IMk morning.
Parishioner* of the Cathedral of the Holy Name
canfiodlhelcpaftoratSt. Patrick's church, where
Intelligence uf tbelr lost friends, clothing, food,
nnd lodging can be obtained.
Pho<6grapb»iof. the rains are being taken from
every available point, for Eastern illu«tratcd pa
pers and stereoscopic slides.
THE ELECTIONS.
PBFNSYLVANIA.
Philadelphia. Oct-10.—The Republican majority
for Mayor in thl* city is 7.fcW. The S:atc has gone
Republican byat least 10.UUU.
Twenty-cue wards give a Democratic net gain of
only 133 on the vote for Mayor.
Carbon county shows a Republican pain of SOS.
Berks county, G.OOO Democratic majority. York
county, Democratic majority. 1,300; Republican
gain of 4c0.. In Philadelphia the Citizens’ Reform
ticket polled 2.500 votes.
Philadelphia, Oct. 11.—Daring the riot Baynird
Data (white) was,-shot In the shoulder by Georgs
West (white). An unknown whits roan was killed
on Ibe-corouc of Seventh and Lombard streets.
Ocorgodteddiir; da not expected to live. Several
minor affrays occurred. Pistol tiring was frequent
vTb'oTtepnbßcaiM gain two roetnltcr* in the Legist
latareib/Philadelphia, four in Luzerne, and idw
two Senators, giving them a majority oj lw»th
ilonscs. The majority for the Stale CcntvnUou la
brenthelmrug.il" 1
“Thnadelphia. Ocf. U.-.Fohmjt'b Prt.ts esthaurw*
the Republican majority In the State at 20.WW. Tbo
Ja heavily Republican la both
branches.
OHIO.
I J r
Cincinnati, OcL. JL—Returns from this county
arc yef very lacwrantetu In the number of wards.
Theiuette*,la*c Bisbl, adjourned till today, and
hare-jnjt Tdstimed'their work. Returns are in.
from >lxJWia ward* and twenty precincts. T*«
Republican* claim tuo election or Hour of Ihleg.
lalatlre Candida Us.. Rates and FitzgeUW aro
la doubt. Kanemlorf, Republican candidate.
fHr iVnintrsC’ommfMiuucr. l.« lnt\o*»nr. The
jnalrtdrr of the Republican CunUy ticket is proh>
ably elected.;
Clnclnnatl.Ocl.H.—Noye*. Republican, cats 53..
COO majority i‘» ihe Slate. LegMamte Republican,
Cuyahoga t'omiy 4,cOU Republican u-tjorlty foe
State tisket