1 ROME.
The Tcrrble Story of the Chicago
I Fire.
Hew Lfe in the Eternal City.
Doings o American Artists— Arche-
yDgicai Barbarities.
-PreparatjnE for the Heception of the
vtiUnd the Opening of the
Parliament.
Onf loU,lcl ce 01 Tin; Chicago Tribune.
Rome, Italy, Nov. IT.
I tiii: Chicago nui.
sailings of the calamity of Chicago
xeacbc4‘ f in tho Tyrol, at a season of pas
ljralfcs(Tity» ■when the cattle wore return
ing from [heir various Alps, or summer-pas
tures, wii their barbaric crowns, embroid
ered DO>belts, bells, and garlands,—the
roads be)g tilled with these sleek, well-fed
herds, Tdh the lesser hocks of goats and
rlieep, ke the migrating wealth of tho
aucieutt'atriavchs. On they came proudly,
the vextf attle conscious of their own digni
ty and \*rth, attended by the no less con
scious and his subordinates, all in
their Sflday best and hats decorated with
mounts flowers,—a truly Idyliau show,
slowly >*?sng through the quiet villages to
their Itfic pastures.
In tle'Adst of these scenes of repose and
rural r»sperity came the terrible story of
to tens of thousands, whilst
oiv' hens were brought into closer sympathy
•cdth on’ dear Roman friend who had visited
her Clflago birthplace this summer,and who,
when ist about to return to gladden again
our lit e circle for the winter, found herself
•detaind amongst the suflerers by the fire.
Iu I'lrence wo met several who more or
less -tfre sorrowing, if not for their own
least for those of other dear friends.
In Roic, however, the grief and min have
come homo to many families, and every
heart? drawn into deep brotherly and sis
ierls* sympathy. Subscriptions have been
set orfoot at the various bankers, and Mr.
•Shakpeare Wood immediately announced a
loctue at his own house on the remarkable
excanrions of the remarkable basilica of
San Clemente; and on tho fol
lowing day an excursion was made
thithe when Father Mullooly, tho excel
lent Prior of that monastery, had tho sub
terra.ean church ana the lately-excavated
caveof Mithras illuminated for tho purpose.
The proceeds of this well-arranged archeolog
ical mtertaiument amounted to *-">0 francs,
whim were given to tho fund for tho relief
of Chicago,—the whole being, in fact, devised
for that purpose. Miss Foley also, just
returned from her summer sojourn, has lost
no rime in collecting from her numerous
artist-friends gifts of sketches, drawings,
paintings,— even* kind of work of art which
would be available for the purpose,—for the
Viuulit of the suflerers. All are willing to
Loir. and feel a privilege to do so.
liiauk God that Christian nations, instead
cf inshing into war, one against the other,
thus rise up with a general sentiment of love
mulpitv. and 'stretch forth anus of succor
and sympathy. May it ever bo so with the
ftisier-nations of Great Britain and America
may they thus stand before the world, not
preaching, but living out, the great princi
ples of Christianity—Love to thy neighbor.
rettknixg to home.
J Roma I It was very pleasant to make
this reply to the hurryiug porter who,
snatching up an armful of our numerous
-smaller impedimenta, at the crowded rail
way of Florence, demanded whither we
were bound. It was fourteen days since we
left the happy Tyrol where we had spent four
peaceful months of summer enjoyment. We
bad travelled leisuvelv, visiting Padua and
Bologna. 1 had lastly lingered for eight
days among the art-treasures and the kind
ly people of Florence. But now the morning
was come when the last stag* of the Journey
was to be taken, and it was with a feeling of
satisfaction that we replied, “A Roma!”
knowing that those we loved were waiting
for ns there, and that, in nine or ten hours,
we should find ourselves at home in our own
“‘hired house/ 7 as St. Paul had done more
ihnueighteen hundred years bef >re,
“if you are for Rome, make haste and
ficeure'your places! 7 said a friendly voice,
“for the crowd which is going is immense,
and the best places will he taken
So it was. All Florence seemed that morn
ing hound for Rome, as if following thither
rhe wagon-loads of furniture which we had
seen loadingaml moving toward the station,
thronah the eicht days that we had been
there.*" A detachment of the thirty thousand
-overament officials, high and low, whoso
exodus from Florence to Rome has left so
many houses vacant in the one city, and
dated the hearts and whetted the cupidity
of landlords in the other, was unouestion- j
sildyou the move this morning, lomauy,
not 01113* of the miunjaft. or officials, but also
of the less affluent class of Jowsinri, or
straneers, this great transportation of inbab
•tants into Rome has caused no end .of
anxictv. The sung little homes of last win
ter are all snatched up and pre-occnpxed.
They who have first come have
been first served, and tho mijnc
who have been here for
weeks, or it mav be months, have settled
themselves down, with their wives and chil
dren. in the pleasant apartments where hap
py Ruglish and Americans gave, last winter,
their tbeeifullittle parties, and felt them
selves delightfully at home.
Fortunately, however, we had no anxiety
of this kind, and, us we sped forward through
that golden autumn day, we knew that a
home was waiting for us, spreading out af
fectionate arms, as it were, to receive us.
On through the old Italian cities, each with
its peculiar claim to notice and veneration,
standing high and white on its bare, lofty
height, in the blaze of the sun, unsheltered
muf unshadowed from the heat, as it had
stood through thousands of hot sum
mer suns, picturesque, quaint, and
•old; Arezzo and Cortona; then the
broad, silvery Thrasimene, lying
like an enchanted lake, with its fairy islands,
and its old memories of the bloody Roman
defeat, before the army of Hannibal, when
tie stream ran blood, and is the Sauguinnette
to this dav, and when the rage of battle made
the combatants unconscious of the earth
quake which overturned, cities and made the
mountains tremble.
«o 011 we sped, that bright day, along tho
borders of that peaceful, silvery lake, past
Perugia and Assissi, with Us memory of the
taint licst of saints; past Spoleto, and Term,
-urn! Nurmi, with its grandruinsof the broken
bi idge, and through the desolate passes of
the Abcnzzi, which four months before, in
the early summer, were like peeps into a
mountain paradise,—now burnt up, and
fetonv, and gray, tho rushing,
darkling brooks and *ivcrs of
early dune now drv beds of drift, on the bor
ders of which not a-green blade was visible;
nil so on, past Arti, where the liber .is
cussed, the onlv river that has water in its
bed, and which henceforth companions our
jouitcv. winding deviously, now approaching
the railway, now wandering away, as it
p’ayfulb’, into the broad meadow-lands,
which un-rye unou into tho familiar Cam
natua. The shades of evening are now fail
in' 1 and in wonderful harmony with tho
weird melancholy of the plain, but an orange
ow still lights up the west, and a soft green
I lends into the deep blue of the zenith,
while a living, transparent, mby tips the pur-
r l i*«ftho mountains with such a positive
-i len’oras must have driven au artist to
r Here and there rise up on the Cum
mcTia the tall, black, bee-hivc-liko struc
tures "the c(trannc. or huts of thoshepherds:
v c immense flocks are drawn together
oar at hand, a dense black and white muss,
shadowv in the twilight, watched over by 1
ike savaLC but over-trusty dogs, whilst the
shcifl.eid himself,immovable as a block of
stone, stands to watch the tram speed prnst,
•wrapped m hi» long cloak and leaning on his
t. Pe'cr's is now in view, and Rome, no
gcr Mbject. 10 the great Church, spreads
out below, jsow we have passed the walls,
ami faudhir obj- ets meet our eyes; the old
nunbb 1 sia'uie of Rome, standing aloft on the
railway-cut in g; the villa Negroni, with its
Mately garduis and rows of cypresses; and
now we arc i* the yet unfinished station,
:md dear faiuJjar faces beam upon us, and
dear familiar V)iees bid us once more wel
f come to lloiiu.
Two uuusu all; crowded trains arrived at
’Rome from Flor.uce at the same moment,
._wepf the exiner-, and tho ordinary train,
which ha I pre.'C'ed us from Florence by
two oi three huu Sr _ am i botli bringing in
stmli crowds «>f Pople. with interminable
pfl£ s luggage, tlai it was nearly an hour
before vc could onr own n d depart,
•r imi i.en i.mlts ix th,. C i TY
Rome is indeed hw. uming a b d a
populous city; and o. r friends, as wo pro
ceeded homeward, car. us to understand the
almost impossibility wieh it had appeared
it week ago that quarto* ~O UM L d
New streets were »ein*- l-n.i nn u
new housi s had been buif. but who
knew their date wold v lf .mr
them tins hrst season g r and suite
-of apartments m one <f
very stately with their t.r. a .l
and frescoed walls andceii U r, s m iirlif
be bad with but nioderatoa&^f l^^ 1
rent of la*t winter; but. tUM ear little C S?
rooms, which we all rcmembreil witbV ß vS
of affection, they were all g, n This t,°, t
been written to us, as I have said in Flnr
euce, and the newspapers tfatili’ed to the
same state of things. luo
But few things are so had as tier :irc reI)r(1
seated, and now a home was w.ftiug f 0 r u4
in the very quarters "which we preferred to
ill others, close to the beautiful Pinfio, and
overlooking the western part of Rome, away
over the Campagna to Monte Mario, crowned
■with its villa and cypress wood,-—the height
from which tradition relates that Constan
tino beheld the vision of the cross which
made him and his armv Christians.
Rome has evidently been very busy
through the summer; she has, so to speak,
put oh her shabby garments, washed her
face, and made herself look smart, in. readi
ness for the great days that are at hand.
The old inmates of many a convent, as I
mentioned in mv last, have been compelled
to leave their long-accustomcd homes, by
command of the new government, which has
applied their ancient and once sacred domi
ciles to the use of soldiers and official clerks.
The decree has gone forth, and many touch
ing stories are told of venerable men and
women, sometimes even sick, almost to
death, being turned forcibly into the open
street—they having, according to the com
mand of the Holy Father, held their post
resolutely until, the doors being broken open
by soldiers, who then marched in through
the breach, the hapless, weeping inmates
were forced to evacuate. One exception,
however, I am glad to say, is to be made by
order of government, as regards this arbi
trary law of ejectment, in favor of the con
vent of the Tor di Specchi, on account of two
ladies Mastai, nieces of the Pope, who arc
amongst its inmates—the one as a nun, the
other as a boarder. So long as they live the
convent will remain unappropriated and
sacred to its original purpose. This convent
bolds a high place amongstßomanCatholics.
being founded by Saint Francisca Romana,
who gave it the name of “The Ladies’ Look
ing-Glass.” as he desired his order to he mir
rors or feminine grace and purity: and it is
said that the members of this order are re- j
markable for these high Christian character-
istics.
Rome, as I said, is becoming both a popu
lous and an active city. New faces meet
yon at cvcrv turn, and the people are all so
busily emxdoyed that you can get nothing
clone." 'Woe to him who wants a lock-repair
insr or a little job of carpenter’s work doing;
all are so busy in litting up the now houses
and settling in the new-comers and have no
time to attend to you. Hammcringand saw
ing, and pitching and carrying, and doing m
one dav the work of two. That is the state
of things now in Rome. It is really alive and
full of activity. Now gas works are erected,
and the lighting of streets is to be worthy
of a capital; some hundreds of acres of laud
are appropriated on the Esqmlie for the erec
tion of manufactories. The streets
are to be widened,—a slice even, of
the Barberina Garden being about
to be taken to increase tbc width of the now
historical Via Vcnti Scttembre, formerly
Via Paola Pia, leading direct from the gate
of the Italian triumphal entry to the Quri
nalo Palace, Clergymen of various religious
creeds and nations have returned, or will
shortly return, all eager to secure sites for
their new churches aud chapels within the
walls.
aut gossip
Artists arc returning to their studios, all
with pood heart, in the well-grounded ex
pectation that this will he a season of an
unexampled prosperity, as the last was of
depression and disappointment: and, indeed,
to some of our friends, it has already opened
with good earnest of success. Miss Margaret
Foley, for instance, who is working so
actively for Chicago, has sold to England
a beautiful group in marble, and has
received various commissions for
her admirable medallion portraits in marble.
Miss Hosnicr has returned within tho last
few days, having spent a week on her home
ward journey with the Queen of Naples, at
Starnberg. Mr. Tilton has brought with
him, ns the fruit of his summer industry in
the Engadino, a portfolio of remarkably hue
sketches. He, however, is still engaged on
his large oil-picturo of the Temple of Deu
dara—a last year’s commission from his val
uable Egyptian portfolio. Mr. Rogers is ex
pected shortly from America, where Mr.
4ves still remains, intending to return later.
Mr. Jlealy, who is unfortunately one of the
many Chicago sufferers, has been in Madrid,
nor is yet returned; while the novel
written by his daughter, “Lakeville; or,
Substance and Shadow,” just published in
London, and no doubt by this time pub
lished aiso and extensively read in America,
has been deservedly •well received by the
London critical press, as a lirst work of
much promise. Mr. Rinehart, who has not
left Home this summer, is Idling his new
studio, in tho Via Margutta, with fresh
works of great merit, among which may ho
mentioned a group of Latona and her chil
dren. Mr. Charles Hcmans, {whose health,
happily, does not seem to need tho summer
nt/ Hi'iidiiim, has remained in Home, em
idoyed on his new and valuable addition on
jis'Medieval Church, in two volumes, which
are now being printed in England. Lastly,
Miss Erluiouia Lewis appears also to be full
of work, being now engaged on a largo mon
ument for Massachusetts.
■ARCHEOLOGICAL.
The two rival archeological societies will
shortly be commencing their lectures and
excursions, whilst Signor Rosa is busy with
his excavations at the Forum and the Baths
of Caracalla. It is said that valuable dis
coveries are being made, which will clear np
long-disputed points: but, at all events, we
may question the system which he has
adopted,—that is. of supplying with mason
ry all that he supposes time has destroyed.
Thus structures will be raised which may
ho duplicates of the ancient buildings, but
which, on the other baud, may equally bo
only the ideals of bis own brain. It is to
him also that is mainly attributable the
stripping and scraping to the bare bones, as
H were, tbo glorious Coliseum, which Na
ture had clothed and adorned with her green
drapery. The llora alone of tho Coliseum
amounted t0420 distinct species of plants, not
one vestige of which now remains. The
same svstem is being carried ou in the Baths
of Caracalla, where, until last autumn, the
flowery gJades and thickets of odoriferous
trees. 5 which the poet Shelley describes, and
among which he wrote his Prometheus ü
bonml,” nourished in wild luxuriance, giving
an indescribable charm to those vast rums.
All this, however, will shortly become, under
Signor Rosa and his archeologists, as much
a thing of the past as the Baths themselves.
This rage of preservation, so called, is a great
mistake, and before long even the archeolo
gists will, it is to be hoped, discover that
Nature, when she clothes the ruin with
beauty, adds an clement without which even
the stateliest relic of antiquity loses a por
tion of its value, and to remove which is
like shearing the snowy locks from the aged
head and leaving it a bare scalp.
Tin: kixo.axd Tin: parliament.
Rome is now busily preparing for the re-
ception of the King, prior to the opening of I
Parliament. <m the UTth inst., when flags,
garlands, aud illuminations, together with
immense crowds and boundless enthusiasm,
will express the right goodwill of the peo
ple. It only the weather is lino, as it now
promises to be, those days will be among
the most brilliant which Rome has ever wit
nessed. Latterly, however, there has been
much rain (not a drop having fallen during
the four summer months), and no sooner did j
wet weather set in than the Tiber, —that j
strangest and most excitable of rivers,—after
two da vs of not excessive rain, came rushing
into the city, with brimming banks, causing
no little excitement and alarm for
about twelve hours. Of course no
end of abuse was heaped on the mu
nicipal authorities for their inertness
during the summer iu defending tho city
against the recurrence of last year’s disas
ter. But the threatening flood subsided
within twelve hours, and the town is assured
bv tho municipality that a detachment of
men. under an experienced engineer, are at
work regulating the flow of tho Tiber, high
up among the mountains near its source.
This anxiety over, and line weather having
set in, with a'ltomontaua which has already
whitened the Alban hills with the first
snow, the town is giving itself up to its an
ticipated pleasure iu its first Parliament.
Prince Humbert aud the Princess Margaret
are already here. The King 1#
coming ofifi of these days,—perhaps to-day,—
at all events before tbe great 27th, when Par
liament opens, and when also the over-active,
knowledge-seeking Emperor of Brazil will
also be hero and present on tho occasion. So
Rome is full of bone and happiness; flowers
still bloom iu tbo Pincio gardens; flagstafls
are out at every official window, waiting to
have tbe flag hoisted tbe. moment tbe signal
of tbe next great event is given; tbo streets
are spanned with arches, which aretoolazc
with gas: and even* one you meet looks full
of expectatiou and happiness. Even the
mrt, or party of the Pope, seem buoyed i»3'
some secret intelligence. Mary Hunvitt.
The Oldest Enlisted Evirate i» the tnte
War.
From the White Hall (111.) Register.
A paragraph Ims been going the rounds or
the papers and magazines in the country, that
James Wilkner, who, in September, 18**1, at
the ape of (k» years, enlisted as a private in
Company G, First Pennsylvania volunteers,
was undoubtedly the oldest enlisted private
that served in t he* late war.”
Presuming that he is the oldest yet heard
of, we have Knowledge of one still older than
lie. in the person of Hiram Holliday, of Green
field, Green County, Illinois, who enlisted at
Camp Carrollton, in Captain Reddish’s com
pany, H, of the Sixty-first Illinois Volun
teer. November, 3801, and was mustered into
the service in February, 1802, at an age con
siderably over 00 years. The rolls do not dis
close his ope, nor does the AdjatantGeneral*s
report: and also in Volume oof that report,
pace SCS. where his name appears, he is cred
ited to Jcrsov County, but too many persons
hereabouts linow him to cause any question
ou that account.
TJio great disaster at Shiloh, that overtook
the Sixty-first, in April, 1802, oulj’ a few
weeks after the regiment left Carrollton, is
well remembered. There, by order of General
Prentice, and with the assistance of Colonel
i'rv. commanding, this green regiment, vrlio
hnot. perhaps. drawn their arms, nor ever
in their lives loaded a musket such as they
•were required to nse,. were placed in a very
exposed position atl’ittshurgLandiiig, term.,
and, as was anticipated, they were surprised
on Saturday morning, April a. and on bun
dav (ith all were either killed, wounded,
rented, or taken prisoners. A largo per cent
was killed on the ground, ias the numerous
pension certificates, dated April 0, will at test,
of green recruits of ludton s,
Mann’s,OrPs,Reddish’s, Mannings, and, in
not for the soldiers to impure who, as lile m
those days was held in cheap request, and it
took a ten or twenty thousand disaster to
provoke a newspaper paragraph.
<Bquire Holliday was one who, standing
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1871.
his ground, according to orders, was overrun
by the assailants and taken prisoner. Many*-
saved themselves by a promiscuous Right.
A memorandum gives the following facts in
the case of this, perhaps the oldest, private
in the whole army;
Hiram Holliday was taken prisoner at
Shiloh, Teun., April 0,18C3, was liret taken
to Corinth, Suss., from there to Memphis,
Tcnn., then to Montgomery, Alabama, from
there to Montgomery Alabama, from there
to Atlanta, and dually to Macon Ga. About
the oth of August he took the chills and fe
ver, accompanied with dux. He remained in
quarters to the 14th of August, aud was vis
ited by Dr. Fiske. He was then removed to
the hospital where he fell under the treat
ment ol the seccsh doctors. On the 24th of
at «p. ni., he died, ageda little over
(W vears and 8 mouths. Ho was decently
buried by the Masons, being a Master-Mason
himself, aud a head-hoard erected with his
name, company, and regiment carved upon
it. He was attended by three Masons, Wm-
B. Harvey, T. B. Perry aud Geo. W. Hun-
gate.
Esquire Holliday was at an early day Post
master at "White Hall, 111., perhaps the first,
and was the lirst saddler of White Hall, was
also Justice of the Peace, all back in the
iSXfs. He removed to near Manchester and
was a farmer, till about twenty-live years
ago he came to Greene County aud located
one mile east of Greenliold, where his family
still resides. He was married three times,
lirst to Miss Lemons, aud last to Mrs.
Dewitt, sister of the McLaughlins, of Scott
County. His children and their representa
tives, eleven in number, reside all the way
from Illinois to the Pacific coast and Texas.
He was the eldest son of Elder Charles Hol
liday of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
The proofs adduced to procure Mr, Holli
day’s widow a pension establish his ago to
have been GG years about the Ist of January.
18G2. and his death to have occurred August
24,1852, as above recited.
THE PRINCE OP WALES.
Complete DiaguoMiH of IIU DigenHe-Ett l
Icric Fever*
From the Loudon Telegraph, Nov, 20.
The term typhoid, commonly employed in
■peaking of this fever, and used in the bul
letins of the Prince’s physicians,. is pno
w Inch is in many respects open to objection,
and ■which lias been abandoned in the no
menclature of disease recently formally pro
mulgated by the KoyalCollcge of Physicians
of London, atid now officially adopted in
their classilication and returns of disease by
the Kegistrar-Gencral, the Director-General
of the Medical Department of the Army,
and the naval and other public medical ser
vices. It is no doubt used by the Prince's
asbeiugtho term best
known to the public, and still so far from
being superseded that its employment was
I convenient. But tho disadvantages which
have ledtotho official disuse of the title have
a still greater signilicanco in relation to its
use in public documents addressed to general
readers. It conveys very false ideas, and to
it, no doubt, aro duo many of tho erroneous
impressions which generally prevail at this
moment concerning the nature, cause, course,
I and probable duration of tho Prince’s ill
ness. Typhoid literally means like typhna,
I and is generally taken to imply that this
aliection is merely a variety of typhus.
Again, it is a term frequently used to char
acterize a group of s3*mptoms indicative of
extreme prostration, winch aro liable to oc
cur in the course of almost any zymotic dis
ease or acute local iuilammatiou. Thus, wo
aro all familiar with what physicians call a
typhoid condition in inllammation of [tho
lungs, or a typhoid stale in scarlet feverand
sucli other diseases: and wo know that they
are then of the most serious character, and
that the term is used to designate the least
promising form of disease. Typhus and
typhoid cliilcr essentially in origin. Ty
phus springs np from want, overcrowding,
and personal contagion. Typhoid fever is a
“night-soil fever,” according to Brown; a
“pythogenic fever,” according to Murchison;
a cesspool fever,” in the words of other
authors. It is independent of want or over
crowding, and it is not contagious from per
son to person. It is truly what its new official
name, enteric fever, indicates. It is an en
teric disease, a fever especially characterized
by intestinal disorder. It nothing in
common with typhus fever in its origin, its
clinical history, or duration; and in many
cases it presents none of those symptoms of
extreme depression to which, in other dis
eases, the term typhoid is commonly applied,
and with which, therefore, it is, in tho popu
lar, and even in the medical, mind, closely as
sociated.
Enteric fever is happily bv no means al
ways tj'pboid” in its typo if it be so in
its name. It is, however, always associated
with disorder of the intestine, which, in the
majority of cases, certainly goes on to ulcera
tion of the inner coat ef tho bowels. To
gether with tho intestinal derangements
which accompany and indicate this local
disorder, other symptoms occur whoso more
or less of severity’ afford the means of prog
nosis. A brief summary of tho ordinary
course of typhoid fever will make intelligi
ble tbo deductions which may fairly bo
drawn from the general facts of .the Prince's
case. Tho approach of the fever is in most
instances slow and insidious. As was tho
case with the Prince, the patient is
able to follow his usual amusement
and occupation, if with something less
than his usual zest. The actual inhibi
tion of the poison, must be carried back to a
date uot later than the beginning of this
month. During tho whole of tho first fort
night the Prince shot and rode as usual,
shooting at Sandringham, and subsequently
at Lord Carlington s preserves, and was suf
ficicntly well to spend an active day in town
two weeks before tho fortnight’s period of
I incubation of the poison was complete aud
I the symptoms of typhoid declared them
selves. His only" troublesome previous
I symptom—a slight whitlow—was apparently
one of mere temporary inconvenience, aud
his first actual day of severe malaise was last
Monday fortnight, when he had a slight shiv
ering, and felt indisposed for out-door exer
cise. Then followed the usual symptoms—
irregular chills, loss of appetite, headache,
intestinal derangement, rose-colored ernp
-1 tiou, and considerable amount of febrile
heat. Some of these symptoms have been very
1 sharply developed in tho ease of the Prince.
It is known that tho fever has gone on to
delirium, and that, at a later stage than was
compatible with a thoroughly favorable
1 promise, there was more than one symptom
1 of some little gravity. Hencothohouestand
I clear bulletins which have been issued by
I his medical attendants, read by tho interpre
tation of competent knowledge, have inspir
ed a very natural anxiety. It is at this stage
I a matter of tbo highest satisfaction that the
1 Prince is maintaining his strength, that bo
I is less “restless,” that the fever is abating,
I and that the ordinary cause of exhaustion m
1 typhoid fever Is favorably subsiding. The
appetite is, too, we are glad to learn, improy
j ing, and the Prince is able to take uoiman-
I ment satisfactorily. It is the lossof strength
and flesh, tho continuance and seventy of
intestinal disorder, which would indicate
the progress of local lessons aud a miscliiev-
ous typo of disease.
[The Lomlon Times gives in detail an ac
count of tho progress of the fever. This re
port shows that soon after the fever set in
the mind of the Prince began to wander.
The first lucid interval he had was ou the
birthday of his wife, the Ist of December,
when he exclaimed in a natural tone of voice:
This is the Princess’ birthday.” Ou an
other occasion, just before his relapse, some
thing or other was said in his hearing about
the Queen, and he asked “Has tho Queen
arrived from Scotland Does she know I
am sick?” With the exception of these brief
intervals tho Prince has been unconscious up
to the present hour.]
"Where the Disease Was Contracted.
A leading London journal, in its issue of the
HOth of November, made the following state
ment relative to the place where, the
mode and manner how tho Prince of Wales
contracted the fever:
The illness of llib Royal Highness the Prince of
Wales is understood to date from his recent visit
to Lord Londesborough. Typhoid fever is known
to bo u zymotic fever, arising usually from a poi
son generated from sewage. The more severe
1 effects of tins poison are to produce tho fever;
1 its minor effects are to produce less serious forms
of constitutional disturbance. Several ot tbe
members of tbo distinguished party assembled
at Lord Londcsborough’s house, which Is In the
neighborhood of Scarborough, have suffered more
or less severely from such symptoms. Lord
I Chesterfield, we regret to learn, has since his
return homo been attached with typhoid fever in
1 a very severe form. The symptoms declared
1 themselves somewhat later than was the case
•with His Royal Highness tbo Prince of Wales, but
the attack is apparently more severe.
[A London paper of the same day, speaking
I on the same subject, said
I As we yesterday stated, Lord Chesterfield, who
was, at the same time as tho Prince of Wales, a
guest at Lord Loudcsborough’s house, near Scar
j fioroogh, has been attacked with typhoid fever.
This fact has given rise to tho impression that the
seeds of the Prince's malady were sown during
his rccc-nt visit to Yorkshire. It is fair to say, as
we are enabled on the best authority to do, that a
1 week before tho Prince’s arrival, tho drains at
Londesborough Lodge had been examined' and
put into perfect order, and that a turncock was in
the house to keep them constantly flushed. Tho
water supply was derived from tho waterworks
in Scarborough, Tho fact that four young chiUl-
I ren of Lord Londesborough’a had been staying m
I tho houpc for three months previous to tho visit
I of iho Prince ot Wales, and that they have been
1 and are iu perfect health, gives some reason to
I suppose that the Prince’s Illness is not due to any
dertet in the sanitary arrangements at Londes*
borough Lodge,
Singular Resemblance Detwccn tbclllncss
of Prince Albert and the Prince of
Wales.
Tho fact that the illness of the Prince of
Wales has so strikingly resembled that which
resulted in the death of his father, Prince
Albert, lends renewed interest to the follow
ingaccouut, taken from tho London Times
ot December, ISGI, of the sickness and death
of “the blameless Prince.” “Tho Prince
was taken ill about tbe Ist of December.
Symptoms of fever, accompanied by a gener
al indisposition, made their appearance. For
some days tho complaint was not considered
to be serious, but from the 7th the medical
men in attendance and the persons about tho
court began to feel anxious. It was not un
til the Uth, when the fever gained head and
the patient was much weakened, that the
first bulletin vras issued. Even
then it Ifas stated that
the symptoms were not unfavorable. It is
said that the death of the ivmg of Portugal
bad an unfortunate influence over him dur
ing his illness, and probably assisted the
progress of tho malady.
1 saia to hare expressed a belief that ho should
not recover. No material change took place
on the 12th, and on the 13th.the Queen took
a drive with no idea of danger. When she
returned the patient's extremities were al
ready cold, ana from that time he. was in the
greatest danger. On that evening he was
not expectedto survive the night. On Sat
urday forenoon, the 14th, there was a rally,
which bo often precedes dissolution, hnt it
gave great hopes to the physicians. At 4
p. in. a relapse took place, and the Prince,
who from the previous Friday had been sus
tained by stimulants, began to sink gradu
ally. Congestion of the lungs, the result of
complete exhaustion, sot in. The Princes
breathing became continually shorter and
feebler, and he expired without pain at a
few minutes before 11 o’clock, lie was sen
sible to the last moment.”
SANDEIKGHAM.
History of the Prince of Wales’ Residence
—ltd Founder and His Family—Mow <hc
Prince Became its Purchaser.
From tUc Kow York Times, Dec.tl,
Sandringham—a contraction. of Saud-Der
ringham—on ■which the attention of the civ
ilized world has for some days been concen
trated, has a rather curious history. In the
seventeenth century it passed Into the pos
session of a family named Van Hoost. Iho
English founder of the house was Governor
of Bruges in Flanders, and lied from the per
secutions of Alva in 15M. Like so many oth
ers who sought refuge in England at ditier
cut times for similar causes, nis energy and
industry enriched both himselfaud the coun
try of his adoption. After a time tho Iloosts
realized the dream of Englishmcrchauts,aud
bought a country seat. T.'hcy subsequently
dropped the Van” and called themselves
Iloste, aud the old Flemish Governor has a
representative in the English baronetage to
one branch of the family, that
which inherited Sandringham—had termi
nated in an heiress, who married a Mr. Hea
ley, and In that year Sirs. Healey, itee Hosto.
was living at Sandringham Hall. Aot long
after this tho family parted with tho San
dringham estate, and at length it passed into
the hands of Mr. Matou. another exile. Ibis
gentleman was a Frenchman, ho had omi
••xatedwith his brother aristocrats in the
troubles of tho French devolution. Being a
man of very active habits, he sot to work to
make a living, and eventually got into a very
large way ofbusiness hy supplying Sardm
iaurahbitß sinus for sham beaver hats—for
at that time silk hats were not, and people
wore what was or pretended to bo beaver.
In this way Mr. Matou be
came wealthy. Ho had always main
tained an intimacy with many members of
the English aristocracy, aud, in fact, John-
ny Matou” was,forty years ago, a name well
known in the clubs of St. James, street.
Among others with whom ho was intimate
was Lord Cowpor, the first husband of tho
late Lady Palmerston. For this nobleman
ho conceived a special regards aud at- his
death it was found that ho had bequeathed
to Lord Cowper’s youngest son his Sandring
ham estate. This gentleman, Hon. Spencer
Cowncr, married Lady Harriet Gardiner,
step-mother of the celebrated Lady Blessing
ton. Ladj’ Harriot’s iirat husband was Count
d’Orsay. and tho circumstances of her mar
riage with the Count formed a page of very
notorious scandal. Lady Harriet Cowper
died, some years ago, at Paris, and last year
her husband manned an American lady.
When the Prince came of age, it was fust
proposed that ho should have a residence in
the midst of his great estate in tho Duchy of
Cornwall, and \Verrington Park, a large
place there belonging to tho Duke of Nor
thumberland—who had half a dozen other
seats, and scarcely ever resided in that at
tho Land’s End—was talked of. However,
it was decided that this was too remote, and,
moreover, the Prince desired to bo whore tho
shooting was good, and nowhero is it so good
as in Norfolk. At this time Sandringham
was in the market. Tho land was sandy
aud poor, but very extensive plantations had
been made about forty years before, which
had resulted in capital covers for game.
So it was resolved to buy it. There were
and are those who declare that tho purchase
was‘‘a monstrous job” in which royalty
came oil sadly second best, who point out
that Sandringham was tho property of the
then Prime Minister’s step-son—Lord Pal
merston then being in office—and that but
for this tho Prince would never have been
located there. Bo this as it may, the place is
always understood to have satisfied and
©leased its owner, who has certainly made
himself very popular as a liberal sporting
country gentleman, taking an active interest
in everything in the county, and freely par
ticipating in its society.
The present Sandringham House is a spaci
ous and splendid mansion, which has only
just been completed. Tho sums altogether
spent on the place must have been very largo,
and must have gone far to absorb tho accu
mulations arising from the Duchy of Corn
wall estate during tho Prince’s minority.
The truth is that royalty in England, as else
where, is tho tradesman’s best friend, anil is
always charged more than any one else.
Sandringham is a .few miles from the
ancient borough of King’s Lynn, which the
present Lord Derby, persistently declining
the ©tiers of greater constituencies, so long
represented—a snug little hot-bed of con
servatism, devoted to its royal
neighbor. One of tho most conspicuous
features of Sandringham are
iron-gates presented by the loyal inhabitants
of this ancient borough, which, doubtless,
many of our readers will recollect to have
seen in the last English Exposition.
The Execution of Ko»»cl anil IffU Com-
rades.
Paris (Kov. CSt Correspondence of tho Lomlon Time*.
At half-past G tho prison doors opened, and
I saw Kosscl come out accompanied by the
clergyman and advocate, who. with him, en
tered the van which was waiting to receive
them, and which drove off at once with its
escort. Rossel’s step was calm and firm, aud
his face pale, but resigned and placid. Bour
geons, the sergeant, followed him, pulling
great jets of smoke from his cigarette, and
assuming an attitude of defiance and indif
ference which produced a painful impression.
Ferre was even more jaunty in manner. He,
too, was smoking, and jumped into tho van
with the air of a man who was doing every
thing for cflcct. It is half an hour’s drive t
from the prison to tho Artillery Butts J
on tho Plain of Satory. A thick hoar frost
whitened the plain, and tho cold morning air
swept shandy across it. Fonningthree sides
of an immense square were ranged, twpdoep,
about 15,000 men; tho fourth bide was filled np
bv the high mound which forms the butt,
and in front of which, at intervals of auout
thirty yards, werothreewhitestakes before
these stakes were the three shooting parties,
composed each of twelve .men. At the left
comer, and about thirty .yards from tho near
est stake, were a group of officers aud about
a dozen civilians, with the drums and bugles.
Here I was stationed. In a few moments the
drums announced tho arrival of tho vans,
which drew up in the middle of tho square,
and from each one a prisoner descended.
Rossol, still accompanied by his pastor and
advocate, between whom he walked,
attended by a single gendarme, np- I
preached the stake nearest to me. I
lie was still calm, and the expression of his
face one of perfect peace. There was an en
tire absence of anything like bravado, as of
anything like fear. His attitude was exact
ly that which a.brave man’s under such cir
cumstances should Lave been. He shook
bands warmly with those who wore with
him, as also with an officer who came up and
spoke to him, and once more asked in a clear
tone, audible to us all. if there was one of
his judges present, as he wished to shake
him by "the hand before he died, as an evi
dence* that he admitted he had done his duty
in condemning him. This caused a moment s
delay and buzz in tho group in which I was,
but no officer answered tho appeal; so Ros
so! quietly took off bis greatcoat, put his
back to the slake, drew himself up to bin
full height as the bandage was tied
over his eyes, and remained motion
less. Meantime tho other two prisoners ap
proached their respective stakes, the ser
geant with a less swaggering but perfectly
firm stop. Ferre, with even a more defiant
air than before, still smoking, and pulling
largo jets that there may be no mistake about
it. ‘"With a short, quickstep, ho walked up
to the stake, turning sharply around and
boldly facing the shooting party. hen the
white handkerchief, with which the eyes ot
tho othertwo were being bandaged, was pro
duced, he waved his baud debautlj*, flung
his hat c arelessly upon tho ground, drew
himself up to his full height, which cannot
be more than 4 feet (5 inches, aud waited un
flinchingly for the fatal word. It was impos
sible formeuto facedeathwithmore heroism
than Rossel, or with greater effrontery and in- j
difference Ilian the other two. Tho spectacle,
which had up to this time been invested in
my imagination with every clement of hor
ror, seemed in tbo presence of so much cool- 1
ness to bo robbed of half its terror. When,
indeed, the Anal word was given, and tho 1
fatal volley rang out simultaneously from
the three shooting parties, who had all ad
vanced to within ten paces. I had almost
ceased to realize tho terrible nature of the
tragedy which was passing before me. Ros
sel was shot by a party of tbe corps of en
gineers, to which ho belonged, and they
showed a tmo mercy. As tho volley rang
out. with a slight spring he fullback stone I
dead. There was not the lapse of a second I
between tho moment ho was standing a
strong living man aud that iu which. ins
corpse was lying ou the grpund, without
oven a quiver.
It was not so, however, with tho other
two. Bourgeois, who was in tho middle, fell
at once,but was found not dead, and a sol
dier, as is usual in such cases, put tbe muzzle
of bis rifle to his bead, and the sharp ring
seemed to curdle one’s blood. Ferre, who
looking down tho muzzles of tho rifles which
were aimed at him, seemed to have nerved
himself to such a pitch that he remained
standing motionless after tho two others had
fallen. "For two or three seconds ho stood
upright after tho whole volley had been
fired from the front rank. It was not until
tbe second rank fired, one or two seconds
later, that his knees slowly bent, and he sank
gently to the ground. Even then the dread
ful coup tic firacc, which proved that in the
opinion of tiio doctor that life was not quite
extinct, had to ho given, and, with a shudder
of relief, as if I had passed through some
terrible nightmare, I hurried from tho spot,
leaving the army in the act of marching
past tho corpses.
-nhcTiclrc.it Tribune of tbe 13th says that the
construction of tho Detroit and Bay City (Mich.)
Road was awarded to Mr, H. H. Smith, on tho
I2th Lost.
LIFE ASSURANCE*
Life Assurance
By a new method, of Life As
surance, which applies the Ton
tine principle to the distribu
tion of dividends, and which,
hy allowing the assured to sell
his Policy to the Company only
after stated periods, results
more favorable than any hith
erto experienced may he en
joyed hy persons possessed of
constitutional longevity, who
may keep their Policiesin force
until the middle or latter part
of their lives.
THE MIW
Tih Samis M Policy
is baaed on the above conditions, and presents
the following distinguishing features, which
ore illustrated by a calculation of probable
results on a Policy of Ten Thousand Dollars,
at OBDINABY LIFE BATES, age 87, an
nual premium, $281.70:
First—Sale of Policy to the Company.
At the end of 10 years, 104 per cent of pre l
mliiTTia returned.
At the end of 15 years, 151 per cent of pre
miums returned.
At the age of 20 years, 201 per cent of pre
pumas returned.
Second—Faid-up Policy.
At the end of 10 years, $7,000.
At the end of 15 years, $14,000.
At the end of 20 years, $22,000.
Third—An Annuity.
At the end of 15 year* the profits will ex
tinguish the Annual Premium, and, with the
Annual Dividends, will purchase a yearly in
come of $178.80.
Or, at the end of 20 years, of $647.40.
These estimates are derived from a careful digest of
past experiences, niul arc endorsed uv
SHEPPARD HOMANS,
Consulting Actuary.
CSTPersons intending to assure their lives will find
it to their advantage tu examine this new plan with
care. Documents, giving lull particulars of the roles
of this company with regard to the issue of the ahovo
Savings Fund policy, extended tables of rates, and
other interesting matter, may bo obtained by applica
tion to the
illTSEUlFiiamilllTl.
120 Broadway, New York,
OR TO
H.F.iENNISON, Gen.Agt,
6§3 Wabasli-av.,
AND AFTER MAY 1,
Corner Washington Dearborn-sts.,
KENDALL’S BCTXLDINf}.
SAKS,
CALL AND SEE
THE FINEST STOCK OF
Fire Burglar-Proof
SAFES,
MAKTIN CO.,
17 Soiitli Camal-st.
CLOTHING.
We are anxious to
close out a large lot of
fine Surtout and Sack
Overcoats, which we
will sell far "below value;
cause why, we must
have money. Business
Suits equally low.
A. D. TITS WORTH CO.,
197 and 199 West Madison-st.
HOLIDAY GOODS.
WEST 00.,
Fancy Goods Toys,
•1/Slr afro a#. 50 emit*
2TC West Madison-st., coiner of Morgan.
TEAS.
THE GREAT
Allelic ii Pad Tea Co,
Wo. 8 Clnircli-st., Wciv Voile,
P. O. BOX 5506.
Importers and Jobbers of Teas.
A complete assortment of latest Importations always
on hand, and for sale at Importers; lowest prices Mcr
olinnta can have oar monthly Price List malted to
them regularly by scjidb>g_U3_thei£ ad<*rosa^_^^^^
GENERAL NOTICES^
NOTICE.
CommrEE of Special relief,
Church of tho Messiah, I
(Comer f
In new of tbe fact that applicants for relief are tt"w
remitted to apply to tlio District Sitpcrmtcndonta by
Fettcrwitboui personal attendance at the depots, no
fnrtlicr necessity exists for any applicatioas for sup.
riles being made to the special, CummlUoe, and, from
nod after tlie lull Inst, (under instructions from the
Executive Committee to tiiat effect), tiio work of tbe
Special Committee will bo exclusively limited to apuU.
Stlotm tor old iu purchasing sowing machines, and to
affording relief in 1 special cases, by the payment ol
money to applicants who have received no other relief,
in smut cases and tor such amounts as have boon
authorized by tbo Executive, Cmml.Jee,
NOTICE.
Alter tbls date nil applications tor assistancei trom
tho A. T. Stewart Fund. for relief of destitute widows
and sluclo women, will lio made tu tho undersigned by
letter. 'Applicantswlll give former residence (ii burnt
outi, present residence, general circumstances, wants,
nnd that they are not regularly receiving aid from
anv Relief Bocietv, ami must be endorsed by two re
sponsible citizens who know tho statements to be
true. K, S. BOUTON.
Standard Hall, Dec. 14,1571.
SCALES.
fr PAJggagfKS
/P SGAIfIESS,
tiSgSgSgsA or Jill Sizes.
Fairbanks, Greenleaf Co,
jggSffiragg u BOUTS CAHAIrST.
INSURANCE-
VETNA
Insurance Company
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
Organized >3. 1819.
Losses paid In fifty-two years Over
s29,ooo,ooo—Exclusive of Late
Chicago Losses.
Cash Capital, $3,000,000,
With an ample re-lnsurancofund after
Paying Chicago Losses.
Assets Over $4,500,000!
This well-known and reliable Com
pany, which has stood the tests o
over half a century, will continue Issu
ing NEW POLICIES and RENEWING
OLD ONES at current rates.-
MOlli PASCO, MBS,
Office, 585 Wabash-av., 45 South Canal-if,,
iiljastlD? Office* 750 Wabaah*av».
Up to Saturday, December 2, 1871, 1,291
claims had been paid, amounting to $2,327,*
000.00. __
Tried in the Fire and
found raitnfiil.
PHCENIX
Insurance Company,
Of Hartford, Conn.
SEVENTEEN YEARS of brilliant success anti sub
stantial prosperity, in a profession Ic -which three,
fomth.s of all tho Ceippanlus engaged prove bitter
failures. Indicates soumUcss of management,Jconser*
vativo practice, ami legitimate underwriting.
Cliicago Ofllce, 43 South Canal-st.
E. Lt IRETON, Adjuster.
HENRY 11. BROWN, Agent.
Western Department, Cincinnati, Ohio.
H. H. MAGILL, General Agent.
listen!and GollecM
OB'
ISSUANCE CLAMS.
At the request of many or my old customers, I -will
undertake the adjustment aud collection of claims by
our late tire. Special attention given to claims
against insolvent companies.
X. li. MILLER,
45 South Dcsplaincs*st.
Animal Meeting.
The annual meeting of tlio members and stockhold
ers of tlio CHICAGO FIRE INSURANCE COif-
PANY, formerly tlio Homo Mutual Fire Insurance
Company, of Illinois, will bo held on Wednesday, Jan
uary 2,1572, at the ofllco of J. A. Sleeper, Esq., 411 Wa
bash av., Chicago, 111., for the election of Llroctora,
pursuant to the act Incorporating tho said Company,
and for the transaction of such business as may come
before tho meeting. Polls open from 3 to 4 o'clock
p.m. J. K. MURPHY, Secretary.
Chicago, Dec. 1-1,1371.
Four, eight, and twelve months' adjustment certid
cates. Will buy one or all at highest cash ptice.
D. K. TENNKY, 454 Wabash-av.
Putnam Fire Ins. Co.
Ofllce, Room 2, No. 30 West Madison-st. Tlio credit
ors of lids Company are requested to call at their
earliest convenience to consult tho President in ref
erence to a settlement of their claims.
PROOFS OF LOSS
Jfado and claims collected. Claims against Chicago
companies prepared at verv low prices.
v J. E. J OHNtiON, Notary Public,
123 West Waslihigtomst.
Insurnucc Claims
Prepared and collected. Garden city. Lumberman’s,
State, and Republic insurance claims bought.
J. E. JOHNSON, Notary Public,
Room 2.123 West Washingt/m-st.
riNAKCiai..
City Comptroller’s Office,
CHICAGO, DOC. 13,1371.
Tlio City of Chicago offers for sale $250,000 of Illinois
State Bonds. They bear six per cent interest, payable
semi-annually, and arc redeemable at the pleasure of
the State, after three years. Interest on them com.
mences Jan. J, 1572, and both principal and interest
are payable in New York.
Scaled proposals for the ■whole or any portion of the
Bonds Jwill be received at the Comptroller’s Office
nntll the 20th of December, 1371, at noon, at which
time they will bo opened, and the whole amount
awarded to the highest bidder or bidders, provided
said proposals ore not below par.
NOTICE.
REDEMPTION OF 5-20 BONDS OF 1882.
Treasury department, 1
Dec. 7,1371. J
By virtue of the authority given by an Act of Con
gress approved July 14, 1370, entitled “An Act to
authorize the refunding of the national debt,” I here
by give notice that theprinclnal and accrued interest
of the bonds herein below designated, known as Five
twenty Bonds, will bo paid at the Treasury of the
United States, in the city of Washington, on and after
the 7th day of March, 1572. and that tho interest on
said bonds will cease on that day. Tim*■ to say.
Coupon Bonds known ns the SECOND SERIES, Act
of February 25.1862, dated May 1,1562, as follows:
SSO from No. 1 to No. 5460. both Inclusive.
SIOO from No. 1 to No. 13093, both Inclusive.
SSOO from No. 1 to No. 7964, both Inclusive.
Si.coo from No. Ito No 11120, both inclusive.
And Jtcgfstcred Bonds of the same Act, ns follows:
SSO from No. 596 to No. C 97. both Inclusive.
SIOO from No. 4104 to No. 5079. both Inclusive.
SSOO from No. ir-oo to No. 2153. both inclusive.
Si OCO from No. 5907 to No. in.cos, both inclusive.
t5 000 from No. 2666 to No. 3402, both inclusive.
SIO,OOO from No. 2907 to No. 3iW, both inclusive.
Of the amount outstanding (embraced in the num
bers os above) sixteen million ($16,000,000) dollars are
Coupon Bonds, and four million ($4,000,000) dollars are
Registered Bonds, _ _
Coupon Bonds of tho Act of February 3*,1852. wore
issneu in four lUstlnct scries. Bonds of the first series
(all of which have been previously called for redemp
tion) do not bear tho series designated upon them,
while those of the SECOND, third, and fourth series
are dlstictly marked on tho face of the bonds.
United States Securities forwarded for redemption,
should bo addressed to the “Loan Division secro
tarv’s office, ami all Registered Bonds should bo as-
Ri-mod to the Secretary of the Treasury for redemp
tion." GEO. S. BOUTWELL. Secretary.
Interest on City Bonds.
The citr of Chicago will pay its Interest ronpon3,
duo January l, 1372, if presented at ihrf City Treas
urer’s Office prior to December 23. 1871.
u 1 GEO. TAYLOR. City Comptroller.
§25.000
Cash inf hand to buy purchase-money mortgages or
Kit'lon collateralfot 4or J2°aSSIUEL 6BIXR.
512 Wabash av.
MONEY TO LOAJV
on collateral security, by E. JACOBS, 23 Qulncy-at.,
between State and Dearborn. Office bours, from 9in
mnrnlne t»ll4inth» evening.
HOTELS.
Clifton House
NORTHWEST CORNER OF
liseiiffli mii hjmstms,
W. A. JENKINS, Proprietor.
H. F. KITTREDGE.
St. James Hotel,
COR. ffllEl Ail POM.
The only first-class, well-fur
nished Hotel on the South Side.
nETKOPOIITAS HOTEE, Washington, D. C.
Refurnished throughout. Passenger Elevator in
troduced.
J. F. CAKE, Proprietor,
(Also of Congress Hall. Cape May, N. J.)
ORGANS.
Estey Organ.
STOREY CAMP, General Agents, 409 West Ban
ilolpli-st. Organs to rent or for sale on instalments.
WATCHES AND JEWELRY.
EDSONH, GOODRICH,
late Goodrich, Kirby Co.,
removed to
031 Wabasli-av.,
1 near twentieth-st.
Watches. Jewelry,
I Sli HI PIATED Ml.
i Prices Jjoicer than Ever*
|I?ON’T RETURNr
but will sell bore at REDUCED FBICtS,
i the large stock of DIAMONDS,
WATCHES, FRENCH CLOCKS, AND
FANCY GOODS, ordered during: tbe past
summer in Europe for our New Store, 83
and 85 State-st.
GILES, BRO. &CO.
384 Wabash-av*
BRANCHES—2I7 TVcst hlaiUson-st, and liSTwen
ty-.«ccoml-Et.
COMMISSION MXROHfIOTS.^^
JONES RAYMOND,
Commission Merchants Provision Dealers,
Bear old Chamber of Commerce,
Corner LaSalle and Washington-ata.,Chicago,
Particular attention paid to handling
Dressed Hogs.
HIGGLE CO.,
Commission Merchants,
Fortho sale of DRESSED HOGS, GRAIN 1 «tc., 43
West Waalilngton-st.. Chicago. Invite correspondence.
The Commercial
LOAN COMPANY
Has purchased, since the great fire, the stone-front
building, 126 ARCHER-AV., Junction Twenty-second
st., and have resumed business as usual In said build
ing. A first-class fire-proof vault Is completed. The
patrons of the Bank can deposit valuable papers or
articles in said vault without charge.
THE COMMERCIAL LOAN CO. will transact a
savings as well as a general banking business, sell
bills of exchange on New York, andthe principal cities
of Europe.
The Commercial Loan Co. has also secured a twenty
years lease of ihenorthweat corner of .North Clark and
ilichlgan-sta. A Bre-proof building and vault is now
being built on said lot, and we expect to resume our
north Side business about the drat day of January
next.
TBED. METER, Cashier.
TOLMAN WHEELER, President.
TRUSTEES—M. D. Buchanan, Conrad Gehrke,
Tolman Wheeler, C. Rann, Wa Rnoke, wa A.
Evrlnir, Bacon Wheeler, C. B. Moyer, Thomas Buchan
nan, Jr., Prod. Meyer, O. Cronihite.
CHICAGO. NOT. 20,187 L
Beal Estate Loan and
Trust Co.
SAVINGS BANK.
685 Wabaslx-av.
WEST SIDE OFFICE,
121 WEST WASHIN6TON-ST.
BKNJ. LOaiBARP, Presides
S. A. BRIGGS, Vice President. i ___
E. G. EASTMAN CO.,
BANKERS,
JVo. 43 South Caual*»t.,
Organized Horcmbcr 1, 1871.
Business the same as an incorporated
Bant. Drafts on Baring Bros. Co.,
London, and on the principal cities of
Europe. Gold Drafts on New Tort. Ac
counts received on favorable terms.
NOTICE.
TUe annual meeting of the SftochhotJers
of the FIFTH JT.ITIO.'T.IL U.I.TH
OF CHIC.ICO t top the ejection of Di
rector* for the ensuing year trill be held
at the Office of said Bank, in Chicago on
Tuesday, January 9, 18?S» between the
honn of it and 5 p* u>.
rs.l.ic a. ho.im.llto, Caihier.
BAKTIS RTOTZCS.
The annual meeting of tho stockholders of the
THIRD NATIONAL BANK for the election of Di
rectors for tho ensuing year, Trill beheld at their Bank
ing office on Tuesday, the 9th day of January next, be
tween the hours of 12 ami 2 o'clock.
L. V. PARSONS. Cashier.
Chicago. Dec. 9.1371.
GEO. TAYLOR,
City Comptroller.
BUItiDEKS!
The advertiser will contract to furnish
FRAMES, DOOBS, CASINGS, MOLD
INGS, and STAIR 'WORK for Stores,
Dwellings, Churches, and Hotels, of the
test material and workmanship, deliv
ered as required. Estimates on applica
tion. Satisfaction guaranteed. Refer
ences furnished, Address RY, MAN 0-
FACTURE, Tribune office.
WORK WANTED!
All persons who want laborers
or mechanics of any kind, are
urgently requested to apply to
3. M. HITCHCOCK, Superin
tendent Employment Bureau of
Belief and Aid Society, Court
House Square, comer La Salle
and Washington-sts.
Floors that Wont Burn!
X&&9E OF »SAS.SS3,
■WHITE BLACK,
By GEO. BARMEY, SWAHTOM, Vt.
“NICEYOUNG MEN.”
I am forced, by the continued impertinent intermed
dling of unscrupulous so-called “Bureaux,” to an
nounce that I shall in future refuse to answer any
letters or applications which come to mo through
these obtrusive middle-men.” Committees must ap
ply directly to me, or ho met with silence.
OLIVE LOGAN,
55 West Nlnth-st.. New Vork City.
Grand Duke Alexis.
A splendid tinted lithograph of the GRAN© DUKE
ALE&IB, of Russia, will hejtfvcn away to all persons
calling for it. at the TEA STORE of the Great Atlau
tic and Pacific Tea Co.,
114 West Wn»h«ngton»»t.
The Michigan Bridge and Construction Co. are pre
pared to erect wooden, iron, or combination roots or
uridgea at short notice.
Correspondents please address Michigan Bridge and
Construction Co.. Detroit. Mich.
SHOW CASES.
Three new patented designs, superior to all others.
Bond for circular, w. H. GROVE, manufacturer, l»
North Fourth-at.. Philadelphia
HKI7TISG ISACHSOTS
Ladies, why work at starvation wages wffi Jpn
can cam a competence on ho ofUlslzes.
chine! it knits hc*slery,ml»twe, anK y <>l
compute, without a scum, and pivmc nmll ,rwear.
elastic, Hat Welland ff rfc iVs thUcs, niat-«. Ac. A
scarfs, leprius. Canton G n a single ma
gentleman in this city cUart jnnlijj? >rlt ono ma
trom teo to
twenty machines. e fn, ra 2to 3 dozen pairs of
rroanc tool:«mU mm 25 to too per cent.
machines, bat
t«JJ» Kib l^°S, machine
p ii C mlnn or Vend for circular and sample stocking.
exi T?TTTbErtTwOODHBAI). General Agents.
HULBEBT >V ouUl Hamzat, Chicago.
barking.
SOOTH SIDE OFFICE,
MISCELLANEOUS.
W. 18.
Bridges, Roofs, Sic.,
knitting machines.
WEEKLY CHICAGO TKIBTJNE.
WEEKLY
CMra[[o_Trlllß.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR,
In Large Clubs.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1873
The TTecklyfChicago Tribune, for the year 1572, will
consist of first-class original and selected mat*
ter, embracing tbe latest news by telegraph and
mall, dovrn to the hoar of going to press, edi
torials, correspondence, reports ot the pro*
ceedlngs of Congress and of the Legislator** ot
tbe Western States, and of Important pnhlle
meetings and political speeches, .financial! and
commercial Intelligence, reports ot the groin*
provision, lumber, dry goods, cattle, and gen*
eral markets, notices of new publications, and
other literary and miscellaneous Intelligence*
It will ftiso contain weekly .summaries ot Information,
concerning the work of
EEBtrUiDUTG CHICAGO,
Andrestoring its former greatness after its late de
vastation by fire.
The year 1572, It will be remembered, is a
PRESIDENTIAL YEAR,
And the campaign will, in all probability, he as excit
ing as any that has transpired since the outbreak of
the late war. The Chicago Tribune will uphold and
.defend the principles ol the Republican party with
Its accustomed vigor and earnestness. Our platform
consists of;
£qnol and exact Justice,'at'the ballot-box and
before the law» to all men, without distinction
of race or color.
Amnea*y for all 'political .offences connected
with the rebellion.
A tariff for public rerenne only.
Preservation of the public lands for actual
settlers under the Homestead And Pre-emption
laws.
Opposition to monopolies of every descrip
tion, and to corruption In every form*
Such reform of the civil service as shall make
men and fitness. Instead of partisan zeal or per
sonal the .test of preferment f
Federal offices.
Oar readers, and the pnhfio generally, are so ws
with the tone mid Quality of THB Chicago
Tbdjuxe, that we need not euJarg?.^ l^oll subject*
Kesr the close of the 25th year" of oof a*
public Gonial, wo had the misfortune, in commsa
with a largo of the baalneao community of
Chicago, to be bamdfi Out, losing thereby Jhe most
commodious. newspaper boilAl2rs to the United States*,
and being deprived, temporarily, ef the use of our ex
tensive printing machinery. Wo have commenced ro.
building our ruined edifice on on a more enduring plan
than before, and we have effected arrangements for the
use of machinery which practically gives ns the same
facilities that we possessed before the fire. Upon oc
cupation of our now building and machinery THB
Tribune will be issued os an octavo, and contain eight
pages of reading matter.
The Weekly tribune will be published regularly
as heretofore each Wednesday upon the following
IEHJUS— Payable in Advance,
WKEKIiY!
Singlecopy, one year— —I 2.W
Fire copies, one jeer.
Ten copies, one year. 12,00
Twenty copies, one year, and an extra copy; to
getternp of dab...
Pilty copies, one year, and a copy of daily one
year to getter-up of clnb
Single copy, one year.
Five copies, one year.
Ten copies, one year.
DAILY:
Single cop?, per annum
SXJITOA.Y laoiTlOJ^:
Single copy, per annum
SESD FOR POSTER AND SiHPLE COPIES
TRIBUTE Chicago, HI.
No publication of abore Prospectus will
be acknowledged unless ordered direct
rom oar office.
TEHBA COTTA.
TERRA COTTA.
Wow il Boor Gaps.
Belt Con, Cories,
Brti Ghimuy Tops,
Vases, Haiii Baskets, &c.
CHICAGO TERRA COTTA CO.,
Factory and Office, near the corner
Sixteenth and Reuben-sts.
TITHE TABLE.
Arrival and Departure of Trains,
WnfTEB ARRAKQEMENT
Mich. Central ffc Great Western Railwajt
Depot—Foot of Twenty-second-st. Ticket office, 71
Canal-sL, corner ilmlison.
wan (vis main and airline)..—* 6.-13 ain 8:97 p a
Past New York Express W3 am 7:47 p a
Jackson Accommodation (dally) 3:53 p m 10:32 a a
At. Ex. (dally) via Air Line...—. 5:23 p m 7:17 a a
Night Express.. 1*9:13 p m ?&17 a a
t Satnrdayexcepted. Sunday oxceptod- Monday
excepted. HENRY &WENTWOBTH,
o y Genera. Passenger Agent.
Illinois Central.
On and after Nov. 12, 15T!, and until either notice,
passenger trains Trill leave and arrive at Depot, foot o*
Twenty-secocd-st., as follows;
Leave. Arrive.
St. Louis Express fr.ao a m 8;50 p m
St. Louis Fast Line ........t 7;lopm 7:loam
Cairo Mail 9:3oam B:sopm
Cairo Expre55.........t 7;lopm 7:ioam
Springfield Express 9:3oam 3:*opm
springliclil Express t 7:lc pm 7:10 a m
Keokuk Passenger. ....t 7UO p m 7:ioam
Gilman Passenger. 5:25pm 9:loam
Hvde Park and Oak Woods....—* &20 am 7:35 a m
do do do ......‘iiapm 9;ioam
do do do 3:10 prn 1:35 p m
do do do 5315 p m o.'OS p m
do do do &20pm 7:35pm
‘Sundays excepted- tSaturdays excepted
Chicago, Rock Island 6c Pacific Railroad*
Depot—Corner Van Boren and Sherman-ala.
ticket Office—33 West Madlsoa-at.
Pacific Express *HMO»n 4:10 dm
Peru Accommodation 4350 p m *9:45 a m
Pacific Expre55............. *10:00 pm t 7:00 a m
Leavenworth Express *10:00 am *4:10 pm
An elegant parlor sleeping car is attached to the ifeOi
a, m. train running through to Council BluSa anf
Omaha.
Chicago nnd Alton Rnilroad—Chicago, Alton ISI
St. Louis Through Lice and Louisiana, Mo.,
New Short Route betrveen Chicago and lta»-
sqm City.
DEWS depot—West Side, near Madlson-at bridge
Leave, Asrxoe.
St. I'Onla Springfield Ex., via
Main line
Kansas City fast Exvia Jackson. __
villo, lit, and Lonslana. Mo..*Ms ain MJO Pni
Wenona, luicon «fc Washington
Ex. (Western Division) *9:lo atn 4:30 pw
Joliet Accommodation •-UlOpm 9:4oam
St
St. Xoula (tSprinflfleld lightning
Ex. via line, and also
via Jacksonville Division..— tJhOOpm {7JS ans
Kansas City Ex. via Jacksonville
lIL, ana Lonsiana, M 0—...... W:00 p m JJJJ. 1
•Except Sunday. tOn Sunday raw to Springfield
only, Saturday. Daily. Q Except Monday.
Lake Shore «Ss Dlleblsiw Southern Cailtmy,
Dstot—Corner of Polk and ahennan-sta.
Ticket Office, southwest cor. Madlaon and Cmal-sta.
SGOam WOpa
Special NewVcrk Express '^oo
Atlantic Express (daily) —9
Night Express... -two pm
Chicago, Carlißßioa <i«xincy Railroad
Ticket Office in Briggs House, .cor. Canal and Mad*
Ison-sts. Dopotcor. of Indiana-av. andSixteentb-st.
Mail and Express ',l ata 11:15 9*
pacific Fast Lino *lo;tsam *l2opn
Galesburg Passenger 3:oopm 8:10pm
Mendota Ottawa Passenger.* i2opm 9:55 an
Aurora Passenger 5:30 pm *BJO am
Pacific Night Express t JhOO p m 7:45 a m
©owner’s Grove Accommodation 10:00 am 1:30 p m
Downcr'sGroveAccommodation* U45 p m *6:16 pas
Downer’s Grove Accommodation* 6:lspm *7:l3am
Riverside and Hinsdale 6:30 am 9:05 a m
'Sundays excepted, t Saturdays excepted. tHouday*
excepted.
Chicago, Danville As Vincennes Railroad*
Milwaukee depot—Corner canal and Klnzie streets
West Side. Freight Office at O, C. *I. C.Co.’s
office, corner Hoisted and Carroll streets-
Evansville Terro Haute Express.7:oQ am -»P®
Momenco Accommodation s:d» _®' jy 3
Chicago «fc Northwestern T .v.
Ticket Office—Southeast comer of Clark ana
Clinton Passenger. inns** m *S:I6 p m
Pacific fast line JwsSm *3O Sm
Pacific night exureas.....*.— pm
Fort Dodge ana Dubuque B m *2,33 9 B
express.......*------**"*' *9iooam TdSsa
Sioux City and ruoaque ex.. JJg a m *io;io a
itilwaak.ee *9.45*10 *AOO p m
Milwaukee
™SS
g reen^y e^»re ff *5:00 pm am
Groen rt Ar 7 ‘«oeutod. *Ratnrdav« do- tMondav* 4m
WANTED
Mi wm.
Wauted—Several Copies of the
WEEKU XBIBtTIVE for several
years past, for which a liberal
price wdl be paid.
TRIBUNE CO.,
isSoatb Canai-st., Chicago.
3
20.00
60.08
...4 too
6000
H2JJ
.*fei3am *8:00 pa