4
Tetmt ff L
PAYABLE IK ATVAKCE
Dally Edition, per year, by hail
Tri-weekly Edition, per year, by mail. I 6.00
Sunday Edition, per year, by. kail 2^o
Weekly Edition, per year, by kail m too
Parts ot a year At the same rate.
-To prevent delay and mistakes, be sure and give Post
Office address in foil, including State and comity.
Remittances may be made either by draft, express,
poet Office order, or in registered letters, at oar risk.
terms to an subsc ethers
Dally, delivered, Sunday excepted, SS cents per week.
Daily, delivered, Sunday Included, so cents per week.
Addreea THE TRIBUNE COMPANY,
No. 15 CanalaL. Chicago, HI.
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1871.
To Conntry Dealers.
The Teibcn* is furnished to country dealeis at
the rate of per hundred. Express charges,
and postage .-additional. Payable in advance.
Wo are prepared to fill orders promptly.
GOVEEHOE PALKEE’S MESSAGE.
The Springfield Journal thinks that 41 the
Chicago newspapers have indulged iu an
amount of vindictive abuse of the Governor
which is at once indecent and disgusting.”
To show how indecent and disgusting this
abuse has been the Journal recites that, im
mediately after the fire inf his city,* Governor
Palmer convened the State* Legislature and'
recommended the v passage of bills
which were. equivalent .to putting
three millions of dollars into the
City Treasury, etc. In short, tho 'Journal
has reproduced with xnnch faithfulness the
ideas set forth in an editorial article of The
Chicago Tribune discussing Governor Pal
mer's recent letters to the State's Attorney
and the Attorney General' on the sub
ject of the*—proposed -indictment of
Treat, Mason, Sheridan, -Sherman, and
all others connected with the train of
circumstances which resulted in the kill
ing of Colonel Grosvenor. Nothing contrary
to the views.expressed in that article has
appeared in our columns at any time.
"We should he glad to dismiss the subject
with what wchave already said on the sub-'
ject, but Governor Palmer’s message com
pels us to say something more. The Gov
ernor gives ns a lengthy exposition of his
views of what Mayor Mason and General-
Sheridan ought not to have done to protect,
life and property after the fire. Instead of
doing what they did do. he suggests that
General Sheridan ought to have volunteered
his services to the Mayor as. a cit
izen, and not .as a Lieutenant Gen
eral of the United States Army, and
that the Mayor ought to have accepted his
services iu the former capacity audnot in tho
latter. This position the Governor sustains
by quotations from the Constitution of the
United States, and from the decisions of
Chief Justice Marshall.
Granting that the Governor is technically
right, we are" bound to say that wo do not
sse the usefulness of such transcendentalism
at the present? time. If the Governor had
desired to file a protest against the establish
ing of a precedent for military occupation of
a city during time of peace, it would have
been very easy to" do so when Tie thanked
General Sheridan for his promptness. If he
had said; “General! I Thank you for your
promptness, hut T cannot consent that tho
action taken in this emergency shall bo made
a precedent for the use of United States
troops in this State when not called for by
the Governor or Legislature thereof,” ho
would have accomplished all that ho seems
to have contemplated, and have saved
himself a number of words
and a great deal .of temporary
Unpopularity:. If the “fire’should occur
again, and the same set of circumstances
should transpire a second time, we should
advise General Sheridan, if our advice were
called for, to do'exactly as ho did before. If
the Governor «f the State should then appear
upon the scefic, and take command of the
militia, and assume the duty of protecting
life and property, his authority would of
course he paramount, and General Sheridan
would undoubtedly render him the same as
sistance that he rendered to the Mayorunder
ll&P Utvtuuim»M«»wi
STATE AHD LOCAL TAXES,
The following statement is widely pub
lished:
The city of Portland has voted to exempt from
taxation, for from five to ten years, all manufao
tories started within her unfits In 1873, and
Messrs. A. B, and C, having been chosen- by the
Board of Trade for that purpose, are now pre
pared to cordially receive and assist by giving all
the desired information needed. Introducing to
our prominent business men and our moneyed In
stitutions, etc., all persons from all-quartets, who
are desirous of starting- manufactories of any
kind in our midst.
This policy oh the part of the city of Port
land is variously, commented on, and the
strongest ohjection is that it most necessari
ly throw an nnjnst proportion of taxation
npon the other property not thus exempted.
But is this objection well founded Accord
ing to the principle of, taxation generally
adopted in the .States, property of all kinds,
is taxed at the'same rate', in order, as stated
in the Constitution of Illinois; that every
person and corporation shall pay a tax in
proportion to the value of his, her, or its
property.” The particular object of
taxation is i not of such impor
tance as is o such an arrangement
of the tax that it will operate equitably,
reaching all, exempting none, and taking
from each only the jnst proportion falling to
his share of the public burden. That system
of taxation is the best which is equal; and
no system can operate justly which exempts
oho man at the expense of another. The con
stitution of this .and other States contem
plates that, if the rate of taxation shall bo
X per cent, every dollar’s worth of prop
erty in the State shall pay its 1 per
cent. That would he equal and jnst, if prac
ticable; but it is notoriously the faet that
this law is not thus executed, and that avory
large proportion, and often the most produc
tive portion, of property escapes'taxation al
together. This is the universal testimony of
every State in the Dnion.- Even of the 50 per
cent of personal property, which is return
ed for assessment, not over one-half ever pays
taxes. No machinery for the enforcement of
tax npon personal property has ever hcon de
vised that could collect any -more than was
voluntarily paid by the owner. The result of
this is that the burden of taxation falls upon
the land. One hundred dollars'value of land
pays its one dollar of tax, while an equal val
uation of personal-property does no 6 pay, on
an average, over twenty-five cents.' Under
these cireumrt.raccvth, spirit and Durnosa
of theconstitutionalpnnciploare violated;
taxation becomes unequal; the one class of
property-owners being practically exempt
and the other subjected to an additional
burden to make good the deficiency. A re-
J>cal of the .tax. on all personal- property
would have the'effect only of equalizing
things between holders of that kind of prop
erty who pay the tax thereon and those who
do not; hut the.principle, asserted in the
constitution of taxing all property equally,
according to its value, would he violated all
the same.
Realizing Hus irremediable inequality,
more than one State has reformed itejolicy
of taxation, so os to collect revenue not from
property at all, but from the agencies which
are maintained by the products of that prop
erty. Thus, instead of taxing a farm ac
cording to its value, the transportation com
pany which bears to and from that farm all
it produces for sale, and all it purchases in
exchange, pays a tax proportioned to the
amount thus transported. Instead of -taxin!
a warehouse according to its value, tbeocT
cupant of that warehouse pays a tax in pro
portion to of business he may
do therein. Instead of taxing a glass factory
npon the value of-the land, !)iuldings, ma
chinery or materials, it' is taxed: according
to tho business donelim.
Instead of taxing the property and means of
producers, a tax is levied npon all persons or
corporations holding or exercising special
privileges aud franchises, according the an
nual profits of Hie several monopolies. Thus
Pennsylvania neither taxes land, norhaild
ings, nor money loaned on mortgage;her
manufactories are not taxed npon the land,
nor machinery, nor buildings. The State
draws its revenues not from property, but
from the product or profit of that property,
shown by earnings and dividends. The col
lection of this, tax u easy. It is immedi
ately paid by a_few persons, but necessarily,
though imperceptibly, drawn from allin the
State, and’irom catb in his due proportion.
A result of this policy, which comes the-near
est to equality Intaxation; of any system in
twroe mini* oounVy.'baV'boea to attract
capital and manufactures to Psnnsyl vanla,
:ft»M Now 'York and other Stated.' Even
-Now. Jersey has become is hive of industry
by this paino system of taring business
profits and not the property itself.
The city of Portland has begun to do what
Philadelphia has long done; she-hasabol
ished, for the time being, an anequal system
of taxation on property, and resorts to ether
moans for revenue. Instead of extorting
revenue from a lot and building, it proposes
to obtain a revenue from the amount of busi
ness done on the premises. The only ques
tion ns to the action of Portland is whether
the rule applied to manufactories ought not
to be made general, and, instead of contin
uing ten years, whether it ought not to he
without limit.
412.00
COOK COUNTY AND PAUPERS.
The Board of Supervisors {whose sands of
life, like those of the quack physician of
whom we read, are now nearlyruuout,) have
approached the Gubernatorial Chair of Illi
nois, with tottering step and bending knee,
petitioning for e leomosynary aid from the
State. They make an exhibit of their
wounds, and a solemn declaration that Cook
County must have some alms, for
charity's sake, or. else great misery
will: result. The hoard has- proceed
ed, through' their Poor House Committee,
to reassess the property of .the .county,
thereby overruling, as wo take it, the act of
the State Legislature, which refused ,to or
"der such reassessment. By this method they
iigure out that there will he a deficit of some
$224,000, after raising the maximum tax al
lowed, and disbursing from it' the ex
penses calculated in the schedule of
the hoard. This will, they say, when sup
plemented by the usual margin allowed for
“(ordinary errors and abatements,” amount
to just about the sum usually expended each
year for the maintenance of the county's
poor. HnnoA th**y ask the State to oome and
take the paupers oil the county's hands; or—
what would he more satisfactory, as less lia
ble to turn any of the-buzzards of the Poor
House Ring out of their warm nests—send on
the money, and l<}t the Supervisors and their
friendsspend it.
•Kow'there might he some advantages
about this plan, especially the first alterna
tive for it is probable that, with the State
administeringthe affairs of the Cook Coun
ty Poor House, we should not have Super
visors selling potatoes to the County Agent
at $5 a bushel, and other such instances of
Supervisorial economy as have distinguish
ed the management of the Poor House in
time past. But, strange as it may seem,
this plan has its drawbacks. First,
it is revolutionary, and would
doubtless bo ropuguant to the nice
punctilio of the Chief Magistrate of the
State; being, in fact, a violation of local in
dependence, and an attempt on. the port of
the State to interfere with the inalienable
right of every county to feed" its own poor.
In the next place, it is not necessary. The
taxable property in the county has not hoen
reduced to any such value as the $70,000,000
mamed by the Supervisors' committee in
their report. It has hcon reduced, but it 'is
still two or three times the amount at which
it was last assessed, and the levy of 15 mills
would, even at this fractional valuation,
raise all the money ($1,379,500) needed, even
according to* the extravagantestimates of tho
old tax-eatinghoard; certainly all that would
he needed under a careful and honest admin
istration.
In the nest place, we do not want to ask
any alms of the State. Our self-respect os a
city, as a county, or as a community will not
allow it, Wo lost a great deal of property,
and, fortunately, there was a way in which
we could legitimately and with self-respect,
without straining the constitution or estab
lishing dangerous precedents, dispose of some
property which wo had to the State, realizing
thereby enough, perhaps, to repair the losses
to onr public buildings, and furnish us with
some fluids with which to defray current
expenses until we conld get under
way again. The State was gener
ous enough to assent readily to this arrange
ment, and has made over to us the three
millions of dollars realized by the transfer.
We cannot reasonably ask anything more of
it, and should not probably be indulged in
then, rend our clothing and put on appealing
looks, and present our palms for charity,
when to the humility of asking is
added the certainty .of being refused.
Why not, rather, go to work to help
ourselves, which we can easily do
by instituting habits of economy in the man
agement of our municipal and county affairs f
There is no more occasion for the State taking
hold of onr Poor House, and feeding our pau
pers, than there is for its sweeping onrstreets,
or buying our Ore engines, or making up the
discount on our bogus insurance. There is
one burden of which it might be well to ask
the State to relieve ns, and that is the boys of
the Reform School. A largo number of these
have already been liberated by the recent
decision of the Supreme Court and the pecul
iar local usefulness of the institution has
been thereby greatly diminished. The boys
who remain (those incarcerated for crime
and not for vagrancy) arc eligible to the
State Reform School at Pontiac, and may as
well bo sent thither. This would relieve the
county of a considerable burden, and require
no more from the State than she is bound to
do for any other of her constituent counties.
The rest we, must accomplish by sagacity
and economy in the management of
onr public affairs. Of course, wo
do not depend upon the existing Board of
Supervisors for the exercise of any such
qualities. We only ask them to stop out as
soon and as quietly as possible, and leave
the incoming Commissioners to settle the
financial policy of the coming year.,. One of
the first acts of the new board should bo the
thorough scraping off of,all the little
barnacles which have attached them
selves to the county administration,
and which cluster thickly in the vicinity of
the Poor House. This, and the abolition of
all jobbing in'connection with that institu
tion would alone save the county more than
the tax on the bnmt property would amount
to. It is natural that the Poor House should
be the haiilat of these feeders at the public
crib but they should bo made to step up to
the same rack with the other paupers, and
not be allowed a table full of fat things all
by themselves.
A HEW FIEE-EXTIHGUISHIHQ APPARATUS.
la our present emergency, every new ap
paratus for tho extinguishing of fires is
worthy of careful examination; especially of
that description which can ha used to check
tires when first discovered. After a tiro has
once got headway, wo must rely npon tho
steam fire engine but there have been in
numerable cases where the judicious use of
water, at the commencement of afire, might
have; prevented loss of property. An'appa
-ratusofthiskind, arranged npon tho sprink
ling system, has been devised by TT»n Broth
ers, of Boston, which is very simple in con
struction, and seems exactly to meet this
want, namely—the application of water at
the moment a fire is discovered. Tho de
tails of this apparatus are substantially as.
follows’: An iron receiver is placed in the
counting-room, or some other convenient
room,of a business block or factory, connect
ing directly with tho service pipe of the
building from which it receives its supply of
water. From this receiver are mains leading
to each room in the building, each numbered
liko the room to which it leads, and having'
its own valve, which outs it ofi' from tho re
ceiver. These mains are water-tight, until
they reach the rooms, .where the perforated
pipes or sprinklers” commence; These pipes
are of galvanized sheet iron, with smnU and
frequent perforations, and’ run across the
mom, in lines of eight or ten feet apart. Tho
operation ia very simple: Suppose a fire com
mences in Room No. 3, the valve to Main No.
■Sis opened, and, in an instant, a fine shower of
spray fills the room, which will suffice to ex
-tingmsh almost any fire, and that without
deluging the room with water-a very import
toll consideration, as in' many
.stances the damage by water is
more serums than that by As
soon as the fire is extinguished, the ropplyt?
water can ho stopped by closing thovalv 6
-Hio pressure upon the receiver Wr
stopped, the valve is again opened, and the
water remaining in tho pipes, runs off
through a small waste cock in tho bottom of
the receiver.
In case there is not sufficient head to the
•water, for elevation to third and fourth
stories, ns might often happen in this city, a
connection can easily be made between the
receiver and a steam pump by means of hose.
which comes with the apparatus; indeed one
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE: FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1871.
steam pump might ho used to force the water
for-several buildings. The nsoof sheet me-,
tal pipe has several advantages over the
perforated, gas pipe, both in saving of ex
pense and ■in the fact' that the holes are
punched, out on the sheets before they are
rolled into pipes, thus leavings clean smooth
hole, .instead of one with ragged edges,
which in time fill up the holes'in gas pipes.
Mr. Hall, one of the firm, is now iu tho city,
stopping at the Sherman House, hrving
come here upon the invitation of some of
our warehousemen, who wished to examino
his apparatus. In point of simplicity, econo
my, ease of application, and directness of re
sult, it seems to ns admirably adapted to tho
purposes of a fire-extinguisher, and it is not
its smallest recommendation, that it accom
plishes the results of-a steam fire engine
without delay and without deluging a build
ing with water. Manufacturers and capital
ists, who are commencing to erect largo
buildings for mechanical and commercial.
purposes, will find it to thoir interest to ex
amine the apparatus. It has already been
introduced into some of the largest factories
and mills in New England, and that it can
accomplish what its inventors claim seems
to iis beyond any doubt. It will not do for
us in tho fat ure to rely upon tho public en
gines alone.' Every large building should
have its own apparatus.
THE COUNTY COMMISSIONEES.
..We understand that the law requires tho
newly elected County Commissioners to
qualify, hy taking the oath of office, on or
before tho 17th day of November. Up to last
night, only three of the fifteen had qualified.
Tho holders of policies in various non-pay
ing insurance companies held their initiatory
meeting at Standard Hall, on Wednesday
evening, and resolved upon a course substan
tinlly corresponding with that recommended
in these columns on Wednesday morning.
An Executive Committee, composed of the
most sagacious of onr business men, who are
also most deeply concerned in the common
interest of the policy-holders, was
appointed to draft tho details of a plan, and
will report at an early date. Tho large at
tendance showed tho lively interest mani
fested in the subject, and the fact that sev
eral of the insolvent companies of which wo
spoke in onr article on Wednesday were pre
sent by their agent, and ready to explain,
and to act if necessary, demonstrates plainly
that they only need to bo approached in an
authoritative way in order to bring them to
fair terms.
One of the members of tho meeting (Mr.
Hawes) stated that ho had commenced do
ing on a small scale just what the meeting'
proposed to do on a large scale, viz., moved
toward forcing the insolvent companies into
bankruptcy. Now this gentleman’s policy is
all wrong. It is in the large scale, viz.,
the co-operation, that tho merit of the plan
lies, and not in the degree of comhativeness
shown hy the policy-holder, and, so far as
forcing tho companies into -bankruptcy is
concerned, it is not a good thing to do, ex
cept as an alternative with which to force
tho delinquents into fair play. It is better
that none should he picking away at law
suits, with great expense to themselves, and
not much to the corporations with which
they contend, hut that all should wait until
they cun move together, and move with
force.
Will, some member of our Cook County
delegation in the Legislature prepare and in
troduce a bill providing that the fee for the
re-recording of deeds and other writings re
quiring record a second time shall not be
greater than the actual cost of doing.the
writing T There are not less than a hundred
snch instruments per day coming into the
office of the Recorder for Cook Coun
ty, and that official, in addition to
his ordinary income, is receiving $l5O or up
ward per day for this service. This, in view
of the fact that the original records have
been lost through the carelessness of the
public authorities, is an injustice, as well as
a hardship. What the parties to a deed pay
for at the Recorder’s office is of the nature
of an insurance against the loss of the
instrument. It has proved no insur
es™. unless the county makes the record
gDOa Uiiout luitun espenro tw vucyauy
insured. Lest it should be urged that the
State cannot compel a clerk to work for
nothing, it would be best, probably, to pro
vide that ho bo allowed to charge the actual
cost of recording. This the Legislature has
undoubtedly the right to do under the pro
vision of the constitution authorizing that
body to reduce the foes of existing officers,
even during the term of their incumbency.
Governor Palmer, in his message to the
Legislature, suggests the passage of a law
authorizing the United States to condemn
such real estate and other property in this
State as may ho needed for public purposes.
This suggestion ought to he promptly con
sidered. The same act might also provide
that, whenever the United States shall ac
quire, in this or any other form, real estate
in Illinois, for pnhlic uses, npon filing a
proper certificate to that effect with the
State anthoritios, the exclusive jurisdiction
required hy the constitution should immedi
ately attach. It is, perhaps, true that the
United States can, by law, provide the ma
chinery for condemning such private prop
erty as may ho needed for public purposes,
hut it is every way desirable that there
should he uniformity in all proceedings of
that kind, and this can bast ho done by the
legislation suggested hy Governor Palmer.
A document has been printed and widely
circulated having along title,hut particular
ly proposing a speedy and effectual means
of rebuilding Chicago.” It has no name, the
author modestly contributing his own fame
to relievo the poor of this city. The speedy
and effectual moans proposed is that Congress
should issue as many millions of greenbacks
as may ho needed, and lend them to Chicago.
It is hardly necessary to add that the author
of this plan argues that any return hy the
government to specie payments would he
‘•insanity.” It is hut just to add that ho does
not propose to confine the use of the money
to Chicago, hnt is willing to lend it to any
other person or mnnicipal body who may
want it.
The Augusta CoiitliliilionalM, a Democratic
paper, appeals to the people and to the au
thorities of those counties in Georgia where
the Kn-Kinx flourish to take them in hand,
and, through their courts and grand juries,
’to take notice of and punish all such infrac
tions of law and violations of the rights of
persons and property. Had these Democrat
ic papers and leaders adopted this course
long since, they and the country would have
been spared the last legislation of Congress
on that subject, and also the use of the mili
tary within those States to protect life and
property.
THE ILLINOIS ELECTION.
The following are official returns of the vote
for Congressman-at-Largo;
Eljihly-onc counties rcporteA*M^w’
sah£ n ;.v.v.v;.v;::;;:;;;;:;;:; IS Si
567 s:o
nSiSi' 638 591
SSfam;:;;:;;;:;:
ggg?« ,mS- >J3
0g10...., 1,216 273
-three conn ties 112,933 tsjaz
Beveridge ahead....
from countics including Cook, yet to bo hoard
THE NORTHWEST.
ILLINOIS.
White County Is to hare a special election for
County Clerk In December.
—Two stores, with their contents, were burned
at Paris on Monday last. A man named Fatttson
bad to leap from a second-story window to save
his Ills.
—The Springfield Register of the Kthsays: "A
terrible affray occurred at Edinburg, Christian
County, on Saturday evening last. The cironm
stanoes, as reported tons, are as follows: A man
named Bill bad separated from his wife, after a
series of domestic troubles, sh* leaving m™ and
seeking refuge at tho residence of her brother-in
law, John Mathews, a farmer residing near Edin
burg. On Saturday last. Hill, who hod been
away, learning that his wife was at Mathews'
house, went there to see her. Ho was admitted
to the house, and his wife came into the room to
see him. while talking. Hill became enraged at
some.remarks, and struck her a vloleit blow,
sthews, who was in an adjoining room, hearing
kmimTwni’' W f lrt 111 w 01 shot-gun. and fired,
killing Hill, who fell dead on tho floor.”
IOWA.
-SIT. X E. Bums, Bgcd U years, weoatiy
hulked, In one day, 10a bushels of oom, In the
vicinity of Glenwood.
—A man named L. B. Dixon, known as Texas
Dick/' was arrested in Bloux City last Friday,on
the charge of larceny. He was recently acquit
ted on a charge of murder in Dakota.
-An experiment with peat os fuel lias boon
made on the St. Paul Sioux City Railroad,
which was seasonably satisfactory.
—Council Bluffs proposes to manufacture block
walnut furniture, and stops will be taken to es
tablish a factory there.
—At Dubuque, the other day, a horse disap
peared in the ground whore a leak in the water
main had washed away the soil underneath, leav
ing the astonished rider astride of where the
horse should have been.
—Nearly every town In lowa is enthusiastic
oyer the organisation of a Manufacturers’ Asso
ciation and n -Literary Society.
—The young ladies of Osage have organized an
aggressive society preparatory to leap year,
WISCONSIN.
Wild Rose, a trotter of some note, owned by A.
D. Wonzor, of Plattcvllle, was stolen by Charles
Hunter, alias Vinness, the man employed to drive
her, and sol \to a man in Baolno. Mr. Wonzor
traced up the mare and obtained possession of
her, but finally sold her back to the man who
bought her of Hunter.
—Tho Oshkosh Northwestern reports that Frank
Porter (son of the Hon. J. H. Porter), aged about
17, of that city, accidentally shot himself last
Saturday morning, while oat gunningnear the
cemetery. He was leaning on his gun, when the
charge exploded, causing instant death.
—The Milwaukee Sentinel says that Contractor
Cham ley, on Monday last, placed the bust of the
Hon. Solomon Juneau in the niche of the south or
main frontof the new Court House. It is of brown
sandstone, after a model by Haug, from a point
ing by Brookes.
—ln Racine there is a hotel called the Huggin
House. It is a great resort for young mirrlod
people.
INDIANA.
Peter Heckman, of Warren County, has in
vested |3OO in his own monument, leaving blank
spaces for dates.
—Tho Rev. J. L. Gay, rector of Christ Church,
Vincennes, has been elected to tho Chair of English
Literature and Elocution intho State University,
vacated by Professor George W. Hoss.
—A suggestion has been made to secure a per
manent endowment for Logansport Female Col
lege. The proposal Is that the Indiana Synod,
North, will furnish an endowment fund of 150,000,
provided that Logansport will erect suitable
buildings, and thas arrangements ho made that
the cost of boarding, tuition in all branches, in
cluding music, painting, otc., shall not exceed
SICO per year, and that no bright, Intelligent
girl” shall bo refused an education because she
has not tjie money to pay lor it. The committee
recently appointed liy tho Synod are taking active
steps In the matter.
—Tho Pott er c state, involving property in Eng
land to the amount Of $60,000,000, is about to bo
settled. Mr. A. B. Given and Mrs. Havilon, of
Clinton County, are heirs.
—A young woman named Sweet,, who was em
ployed as a domestic in the family of Dr. Fair
banks, of Fulton, died from the effects of Inoccu
latlon with erysipelas poison, on Monday of last
week.
—More than 4,000 barrels of apples have been
shipped from Mishawaka already this season.
—The total valuation of town lots in the city of
Lafayette, as shown upon the books of the Coun
ty Recorder, is #2,205,190; total value of improve
ments on the same, #1,390,976; making a grand
total in lots and improvements of #3,056,165, upon
which the county tax is #72,392,07.
—The wife of a sciasors-grinder in Port Wayne
died last week. For years the couple had lived in
a tumble-down shanty, in the most abject pover
ty. After the old lady’s death an unused bed-tick
was found and examined, and the sum of #4,000
discovered hidden away within Its recesses.
MICHIGAN*.
Livingston County is Democratic In politics.
This readily explains tho fact that at its Poor
housea colored girl, who is an inmate, is not al
lowed to sit at Jhe same table with the other pau
pers, but sits at a little stand at one side of the
room. Democracy, like blood, will tell.
—Mrs. Seaton carries on a farm in Hart Town
ship, Oceana County, in perfect independence and
eontcmx>t of those ordinary things sometimes
colled men. She plows, sows, breaks steers,
comes to mill, and loads her own lumber, etc.
—The estate of W. W. Treadwell, tho defaulting
Hudson banker, who ran away with tho funds of
his depositors some seven years ago, and was
murdered by a confederate a few days after, has
been Anally closed up. His fatUer-ln-law, a man
named Hester, hid the plunder for him; but the
creditors, after chasing Hester through all tho
courts, succeeded In recovering from #16,000.
The lawyers* foes and other expenses, however,
used up the whole amount, and the creditors
have received In dividends, in the Anal settlement
oI J.W« B Ift&AA UBt 11 2 cents on the dollar.
—it is stated as a fact that at an can*
parcel of land in Nues was sold by William Jus
tice to Jacob Beeson for a second-hand overcoat
valued at #2l, and. when tho streets were laid out.
Mr. Justice gave back to Mr, Beeson #7 In money
to make the transaction ‘‘square.” That same
property is now worth #30,000.
—The Hon. John M. Lamb of Drydon, who died
recently, was Iwioe a member of the lower branch
of the Legislature, once a member of the State
Senate, member of tho Constitutional Convention,.
and, in the early history of his county, held tho
oAiceof County Commissioner, until that system
was abolished. Tho immediate cause of Mr.
Lamb’s death was inhaling heated air while fight
ing Are.
—Charles Boydon’s shingle mill at Grand Ha
ven was destroyed by fire on the nth inst. Loss,
#10,000; cause, incendiary.
—A young woman at Bay City, named Nellie
Mesmore, committed suicide on the 9th, by taking
morphine. She had been loading a depraved life.
—ln tho immediate vicinity of Alpena there are
twenty mills, having a capacity of producing
Gach year about 75,000,000 feet of lumber, 70,000,000
shingles, and 20,000,000 lath, and they do all this
duiing about six months of each year.
MINNESOTA.
Car-building is to be one of Duluth's industries.
The firm of Shoenhorgcr Bryant have a contract
for supplying 200 hoi-cars.
—The Sauk Baplds Sentinel reports that hosts
of men, cattle, and horses have passed through
that town almost daily, for the last two or three
weeks, destined for the Upper Mississippi prai
ries. It is generally conceded, hy old lumbermen
and others, that more logs wIU be got out of tho
woods this winter than in any previous year.
—Tho Methodist minister of Glencoe, finding no
place provided for a parsonage, took the matter
In his own hands, and by contributions scoured
tho necessary lumber, ond is now at work himself
constructing the building.
KANSAS.
—There Is a great scarcity of hay in Northern
Kansas, in consequence of tho destruction caused
by tho late prairie fires.
—The Leavenworth Bulletin has become the
property of Colonel Anthony, of the Times, of
that city, and will be consolidated with tho latter
sheet.
—The prisoners in the Topeka Jail have formed
a Judicial body, consisting of a Judge and four
executioners. Tho first thing required of a new
comer is the purchase of cigars and tobacco to
the amount of two dollars* Cleanliness is secured
hy severely “thrashing” every filthy inmate.
—Atchison carried tho vote of *35,000 for general
improvements by an overwhelming majority.
—The Lawrence Journal has a rumor that the
preliminary examination of Mrs. Ruth wiu not be
held until the application for a new trial by Med
licott has been heard at Garnett, on tho aistinst.
THE TERRITORIES.
A Kalama letter to tho Vancouver Register says
that a Steam Navigation Company, of which
General Sprague is a leading man, has been or
ganized, and articles of Incorporation will bo filed
at Olympia at once. The company not only con
template the navigation of the waters of Oregon
and Washington Territory, hut tho entire coast,
with ocean nnd river steamers. The capital is
*1,600,000. It is understood that the Northern Pa
clflc Railroad hacks the enterprise.
—The Kez Perce Indians on the Lapwal,-Mon
tana, Reservation, must deny the soft impeach
ment of Lo! the poor Indian.” They have 0,000
horses, 1,250 cattle, and 130 swine. Their reserva
tion contains 2,400 square m Res, and they culti
vate 1,069 acres. They raised, this season, 7,600
bushels of wheat. 1,000 of com, 3,100 of oats. 200
of barley, 7,500 of potatoes, 250 of turnips, and 500
80 says the agent. J. B. Monteith.
T mra,d of hs tho snb
Probably tho moat wonder
fUlbody of water of any magnitude on tho globe
ROM k( 7 Its s»uprising elevation Is
8,000 feet nhovetho level of the sea. and yet much
of its surface is never bound in ley fetters, on ao
co a n t “»»y kot streams and springs hy
Un like ltS al tit <le a ooo fect
than Lake Tahoe, and its .average depth, throe
was five times greater than at present, ri.
It Is about thirty
miles, with ashore Uae, fromthe
dentat ens, of more than one hund™ Md afty
Journalistic Generosity.
_ _ _ Desveb, Col., Nov. 7.
To the Editor of The Okicaoo TrOmnt
6m: X noticed, in a recent nnmher of The Tsm
vsz, an allusion to the favor of Bounds Kane
in having furnished you, for year use, after the
fire, a Taylor cylinder press, which they had Just
completed, and had ready to ship to some ooun-
CoTnrad!? I T£5 Wj/ Vf,r the largest paper In
the recent tae?uS?g
ValS?^5 I v i^. tna l.|? chl^l tlon of tto Missouri
Lb* “"asClty. You are cordially and
enntl? rTr/". c I"’ 6 8 in questiom As
a ,J T r 8e( -ed it myself, your needs were
J\reare. r _- an d lat once and glady endorsed the ac
tion of Messrs. Rounds Kano in turning it over
to you. Truly and fraternally,
Vr’n. K. Bruns,
BORING FOR FACTS.
Did Williams See Schalnk During the
Great Fire?
The Chief, Statement Flatly Contra
dicted by His Subordinate.
Williams’ Visit to the Water Works
“Reviewed” by Schank,
I did not see Schank, tho First Assistant, daring
tho whole tiro. Ido not know where he vaa.—State
wmf of I^reMarfJuxl Williams,
It seemed very derelict In Assistant Marshal
Schank not to have appeared upon the scene of
tho fire, while Marshal Williams was displaying
so much coolness and promptitude in relinquish
ing bis position to watch the Water Works born
down, as his own statement shows that he did
do. It appeared so derelict that an investigation
was needed, and Assistant Marshal Schank not
having been rebuked by tho Boaru of Folloe, a
Tribune reporter went to see how things stood
—whether tho blush of conscious obliquity of por
jx'se still haunted the First Assistant. It took a
long timt to find the First Assistant, but
when toutd he was busy. The reporter said
to him Mr. S diank, I’ve searched for yon some
days.” and then said, I see year friend Williams
didn’t Bee you throughout the whole-fire. That’s"
a little rough on you, isn’t it 1”
Schank. ‘*lt’s ad—d lie. I’ll Just tell yon ex
actly how it vas.”
Bavlngrepaired to a suitable locality, tho First
Assistant made the following statement:
On Sunday afternoon I went .down to tho ruins
of the Saturday night’s fire, and stayed around
there the greater part of tho afternoon. Between
5 and 6 o’clock I went home, and bad my supper,
and lay off until 7:30 o’clock. -I was pretty tired,
and went to bed at about 7:3u o’oiu 3k.
Reporter, Where do you live I
Schank. I lived then, and do now, at No. 183
Third avenue. I was nearly too tired to walk
when I went to bed. lam not certain what time
It was when tho alarm came in. t thought
It was 11 o’clock. Tae wrong box was sounded.
I thought the fire was somewhere up on Canal
port avenue, and said to my wife—‘‘l guess it
won’t amount to anything thero.” My wife
looked out of tie window a few minutes after
ward, and said,” John, it’s a big tiro, I guess
you’d better go down there.” I dressed as fast us
1 could, and went to the corner to meet my driver.
Ho had waited Here some time, and as I didn’t
fit round, he went off to the flro without me,and
hud to foot it ov*r Polk street bridge. Another
alarm had been sounded at that time—l should
soy about 16 or ao minutes after the first.
When I reached tho fire, it must have covered
nearly half a block. I got round on DeKoven
street, and there met Williams. I .saw how things
wore, and said to him, Chief, you’ve got 10
bring those engines abend of the flro toward Polk
street, or else ve’ll born up the whole town,”
He said, “it can't be done. If we try that, the
fire ’U work buck on us."
Reporter. Th* wind was blowing pretty hard
from the southwest 1
Schank. Yes, it was blowing hard. Well, I said,
•AH light,” hut T saw how It would ho, and on
my own responsibility, five minutes after I had
spoken with Williams, I changed three engines—
the Long John. Sherman, and, I think, the Econ
omy. 1 gut them round Buteham’s planing mill,
and wo played on that Are awhile. But the lire
came down so fust we couldn’t stay there, and
hod to light out. Just after wo commenced play
ing on there the Gund came along.
Reporter. Who ordered the Gund there 1
8 *hank. I don’t know. I didn't. Well, I headed
the Are again, but wo couldn’t do anything; the
Are came after us as quick as a walk, and we had
to pul) up and save our hose and engines. When
we began to come up to the burnt district, I
thought the Are mun stop there, and then I ran
back on Canal street. It whs almighty hot there.
I saw the Gund there, burning up. She was
all over the street, justbuin<ng to pieces. As I
wts going down Canal street, a citizen come to
me and said; John, look there, the South Side
l> on Arc.” I then gave orders to the Long John
and the Economy logo right over on the South
Side, and told Mat. Brenner to send mo all the
engines ho could spare. The Long John
g. t the plug corner of Adams and Wells
stiects, and *the ’Economy played on
the Gas Works. Wc worked there till the United
States Express Company’s stables got afire, and
then I ordered the men to go ahead of the Are,
but just os fast as they got ahead, the Are got
ahead of them. Every time they moved ahead,
the Are came after them as fast as a walk. Then
I told them to go to the Coart House, and play
there. They went there.
Reporter. How was tho water supply I
Seliank. The water supply was good. When
the Court House took Arel had no hopes of stop
ping it or saving anything there. I tried to get
hack on Clark etreet but could’ut. and so went
down State to Adams, and crossed over on Ad
ams to the PaoiAc Hotel, and met tho Long John.
Wo got her to work there, but we could’nt stay
long, the Are wa? coming so heavy. We stayed
there probably 10 minutes, aud bad to go as rust
as we could. From there 1 went
to the Rock Island Railroad
track, and had all the cars moved down about
Taylor street. There wasn’t a switch engine
there, and we had to move them all by hand.
Fioui that time 1 didn’t see another engine for an
hour. The Are crossed the river again near Polk
street, at Hayward's planing mill. Soon after it
crossed, the J. B. Rice and Economy came up. It
was probably between 2 and 3 o’clock, out I
can give no exact figures ns to time.
The Rice took the ping, corner of Taylor and
Clark streets, and the Economy near by. Wo
hadn’t been working there more than 10 minutes
water from tho river. We tore down the building
on the o jrner of Wells Harrison streets, and
stopped tue Arc tuere. While we were doing this,
the Sherman came up, and I told
them that na there was no water near, they must
go to the lake front and draw from tho basin.
The fireman asked mo whereabouts, aud I told
him to use his own judgment about it. I didn’t
see tho Sherman again. Three-quarters of an
hour later the Brown came along, and the fire
nmn wanted to try the plug, corner of Harrison
and Clerk streets. I told him it was no good at
all—tho water had given out. |Hc asked me to let
him try, and I let him. He found plenty of dead
water in tho pipes, and the Brown threw a
good stream and with that—it was only a Avo
mih stream—cut off the Are on Harrison street
between Clark street and Wabash avenue. I did
not see Williams again. Matt. Brenner came to
me on Harrison street, and I told him to go down
to the lake front. When the Brown’s stream gave
out. I sent the Brown to the lake
front, too. She went down, but her
suction was too short. and Iny
m the sand. I guess that was about 8 o’clock,
Monday mornlng.certalnly as late as that. Tho
fireman of the Rico told mo their Aues had given
out, and then we fixed the suction to ours, and
gave the Brown four lengths (48 feet), so that she
got a good stream on. Tho Brown played on tho
Michigan Avenue Hotel, and probably
saved that building. Several buildings
were blown up all round by ex-Aid.
Hildreth, ami that stopped che fire. There were
a good many kegs of powder on the lake shore. I
stopped there till the afternoon and then wont
home.
Reporter. Can you assign any reason for Will
iams* assertion that he did not see you at the
flrel
Schank. No, I can’t. I fold him then (ust what
yon have taken down.
Reporter. Do you limV, if. your advice had
been listened to, you could ha VO stopped tho
lire!
Schank. It tho engines hadbeon brought <o
lead the tire fifteen or twenty minute* earlier we
could have stopped it easily.
Reporter. What would you have done when
the nre broke out on tho South Side 1
Schank. I IteUave if wo had plenty of omrines
cn the South Side, when the lire flret hrokfbSt
there, wo could have atoppad it there. Powell's
idaoe was tho first thing on fire. It thou- went
through the saloon there, nnd fhe baras The
'rt’mSrc! 01110 60uUme3t the Armory* were
you'll rer there DS alter yott saw
Schank. It couldn’thave been more than a™
Sf n^nu^. eß If I could I would have sent all
four engines over there. I would have loft
one by Folk street bridge, and two on the West
Side. One engine by Polk street bridu-B rnSd
have saved the South Side there!l toUe val?™?
S? been taken to the head
of the flro they could have stopped it, Wsau
BlmfF° rtCr Vlierc waß 016 second Fire ilar-
Schank. I don’t recollect seeing him. rd like
to know what business Williams had running off
to the North Side to soothe Water Works burn!
What would you think of mo If I had Ist my work
go, lust for the same thing! He couldnVdo anv
there. J
Reporter. How many engines were left on the
North Side?
Schank (and several firemen). I guess tho Cov
entry and Winnebago. I toil you (proceeded
Schank) Judge Miilikcu and Darius Knights saw
me working on Harrison street. Charley Wicker
saw me playing on tho Michigan Avenue Hotel,
and congratulated me on saving It.
Nicholas Dubach, foreman of the Economy,
made a statement confirming that of the First
Assistant as regards tho fire on the South Side.
The Election in Logan County* HI.
Lmcoui, 111., Nov. u.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune;
Sm: In your issue of Nov. 9, 1871, I notice a
telegram from this place, affirming, in substance,
that the late election in this county was no! on a
political issue, but upon a "bond" issue, and
that, in the election of our County Treasurer, the
people have said that they repudiate the action of
the Boanl of Supervisors in refusing to order tho
issue of bonds to the amount of s3to,uoo to the
builders of the P.. L D. E. K. 1 e
Believing that your Journal, would, not inten
tionally misrepresent the Bepubllcans of iSiSi
County, I desire, in their behalf, through your
columns, to correct the statements to which I
have hereinbefore referred. That what is known
as the “bond” question has agitatedthopcopleof
1 his county to a considerable extent duringthe past
two or three years, is not to bo denied; but the
statement that it entered into the recent election
to any extent worthy of notice, is both willfully
false and ridiculously absurd, and implies in our
judgement, that the author thereof Is either a
knaveor a fool, or botlL ."Bray a fool.”&a
The whole question has been before the Su
preme Court tor several months, and any further
controversy by the people could hardlyenlightcn
that body upon tho principles of lawlnvolved li
the case and presented in the Issues made unfor
it* decision. ,r
It is well known throughout the -whole state
that to all general elections Logan County can
l SloSa l o Sa it fo i r tonnd Republican
majority, and It is only -when divided hy local
iMnes that she gives even a shadow of Lopo for
the Democracy. In the late campaign, their o nlv
hope of success was to alienate eaomth BepSK
licans in certain locaUUes from the mppSl 6f
the regnlsr nominee, by dragging from thecouroi
an issue that had no more to do with the eaaa
than the opinion of the Tycoon of Japan.
To prove conclusively that the language of the
despatch abovereferredtolafalseandmalicloS
•we have only to point to two facts. ““*“o»ns,
i. In every jowusjup ln connt _. _ h
the anti-bond sentiment la strongest. Mi-.
Republican^
«Jd Urn opposing candidate an '-anti-boad”
2.1 trust your informant 13 not insane enoneb
to charge that General Beveridge. candldate iSr
S^SS^S^SgsA
behind timclecteT TreMUrim?
If me facts were as yonr Informant would luwe
have been mst-rillf™™ t 1 “ere would
80, muchoiuic majority tor Treasurer, In excess
of that received by General Bevcridger is duo- to
Mr. Roam’s i personal popularity alone. Ho u
recognized <by everyone as’oncfbf btirlnost
Btanfial citizens. At the commencement of the
war he heard his country’s call, and, with alacri
ty, sprang (d the rescue. He left Iris' farm.'Ws
home, and his family, enlisting as, a private sol
dier, and served with-honor and credit to the
close of the struggle. In 1865 he was eleoted.to
the position of Treasurer: and thrice sin w then
have the people expressed their confidence in his
ability, integrity, and moral worth, by re-oleoUug
him to the sumo position. Is it cause for wonder,
then, that in six years ,of official life, he should
have gained; a sufficient number of personal
friends intho ranks of tho opposition to swell his
majority 150 more than that received by Beve
ridge, who la a comparative stranger to- nearly
every voter In tho country f
Mr. Ream made the race the last time against
“afoembU worthy of his steel.” His competitor
was a man possessing every qualification-for
tho office—a funner, popular among his neigh
bors, honest and upright in in all his dealings:
and If, in the face of all that, we are not allowed
to call it a Republican victory, then tho English
Se does not contain words to properly ez
t.
Trusting the impression is not wide-spread that
the Republicans of Logan County have so far for
gotten the glorious principles of thoir party as to
endanger the success of its candidate, by drag
ging in issues entirely foreign,.and that no one
with tho least measure of common sense will ho
deceived intobelleving that our number has- de
creased to such an extent that to electa faithful
and efficient officer wo have to resort to tricks
and chicanery, I remain faithfully yours,
Andrew J. McGalliabd.
Chairman County Central Committee.
Sadden and mysterious Death of n- Sup
posed Chicago Gentleman at the Priest
House, Decatur, 111.
Special Despatch to Tho Clilcago Trihtfno.
Decatur, ID., Nov, 15.—A gentleman register
ing himself at the Priest House as J. B. Jones,
Chicago,” died at that hotel very suddenly at
12:30 a. m. on the 14th Inst. It seems thathc came
to this city on the 11th Inst.,'‘moved about un
noticed and unknown, os far as can be learned,
paying his .bill at the close of
each day, manifesting but little interest .in
anything passing, and wearing a rather melan
choly look than otherwise. He was shown to his
room at 10 o’clock last night, 13th, and seemed
rather more cheerful than usual. At 12 m. ho
was hoard culling for assistance. His door was
found fastened, but was at once forced open, and
be. found suffering intense agony, his body pass
ing through fearful convulsions, requiring the aid
of several men to keep him on his bed. Dr.
Chenoweth was immediately called, and
did all in his power to relieve the
suffering man, but medical skill proved
fruitless, and in a few moments death relieved
the terrible agony. No papers of am* descrip
tion could bo found about his person, giving the
slightest clue to any trace of las mune. residence,
or indicating his identity in any manner, or even
giving any names of other persons. No marks of
violence were found or any indications of self
destruction in any manner. Yet it seems tlmt
everything that could lead to his identity had been
studiously hidden or destroyed. Ho was about
35 years of age. height about 6 ft. 10 in.; and
probable weight 140 lbs., of sandy complexion,
reddish mustache and imperial, with Burnside
whiskers a shade darker, hair about the same
color. His clothing was of dark mixed cashmcro
and brown felt hut, and general appearance indi
cated a gentleman of no mean order. A scar was
found upon his right elbow resembling that of
gunshot wound, also a scar upon his right side,
juat below the nipple. Verdict of Coroner’s Jury,
Cause of death unknown. The remains are now
in charge of Coroner Givler, of Decatur, for in
terment.
Deal Estate Titles,
To Iht Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
8m: The remedy by legislation for the loss of
our public records seems to be of a very-simple
character.
The object of our public records of real estate
title was not, In the main, to perpetuate evidence
of such title. Wo have good evidence of title In
dependent of those records.
The chief object of these public records was to
establish a legal history of all real estate In the
county, winch, being open totho public, should ho
legal notice to all subsequent purchasers, mort
gagees, and creditors, of the fact of previous
deeds or incumbrances. Previous, conveyances,
etc., not entered upon said records, did not affect
the title of n subsequent purchaser in good faith
and without notice.
Now. the abstract-books saved contain tills same
history in an epitomized satisfactory
and reliable form.. Were they now iu the
custody of Cook County, and made by law to fur
nish the same leg'.l notice as did tho original re
cords, there would now be no disturbance in the
matter of titles caused by the Are.
All lawyers have heretofore passed titles solely
on inspection of those abstracts. Make them by
law*, not some particular grade of evidence, but a
record whose entries shall simply be legal notice
to subsequent purchasers; have them purchased
and kept by tho county; and there is no reason
why confidence in tittles should not bo at once
restored, and real estate trade ruaume its activ
ity, Litigation would be confined to cases where
in, the abstract record is disputed, and tho courts
wouldecttle, as w*ouldbe their right to do, the
weight as evidence it should be entitled to.
Chicago, Nov. 14. attousby.
AdJaHtmcnt of lusnrancr*.
3b the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir; I was pleased to read your article in to
day’s paper on the course pursued by the adjust
ing agents of many Eastern and foreign insurance
companies, as my own experience is in accord
ance therewith. There are thousands seeking
new insurance who are anxious to know what
companies are meeting their losses promptly and
honorably, and those who pursue tho plan of
wfios© claims muat’be mluccd7or tho adjustment
Indefinitely postponed. Such a list would not only
benefit those seeking insurance, but would tend
to check the swindling practiced on those whoso
losses in proportion totliclr capital are greater
than those of the insurance companies, if yon
will publish such a list, based on tho experience
°f, your readers, they would gladly furnish you
with sufficient facts to classify them. If the in
surance companies pay their adjusting agents a
commission on the amount they manage to get off
of their just claims, I can see they are making a
hnndsomo thing by the business. Possibly the
homo managers of some of tho English companies,
who have heretofore promised prompt adjust
ment and immediate pnjnnent, are not aware of
the manner In which their adjusting agents fall
to make good the promises of those through whom
they have obtained the money of tho people here.
United action on the part of those aggrieved
would tend to bring about a change. When they
see they are likely to lose more on their future
business thnn they save on past losses, then wo
can expect: prompt adjustments, and not till then
Chicago, Nov. is. A
A Byat«m of Building.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune?
Sin: Penult me, In reference to your editorials
and correspondence on the subject of rebuilding
Chicago eo that the future city may bo fire-proof
to invito yo.tr atfcntteih; a 6 y ßt em of building
basements nn d floors with solid brick arches,
springing from vail to vail, -and supported by
what is known as the Henderson Tension Gird
er,” which combines the advantages of perfect
llre great strength and
ec^omy. This system has been used extensively
in England, and a largo building has just been
vlT *i It in Philadelphia. Tho
vrlter is here for the purpose of introducing
attention to its merits, owing to tho time and
energy of these gentlemen being occupied in pre
paring for present emergencies, I write to re
quest the favor of a visit, from some one con
cerned with your establishment, to whom I shall
be pleased to explain the system, with a view to
a critical notice of It inyour columns. I may add
that the system is admirably adapted for side
walks,—the arches forming a solid foundation for*
a atone or concrete surface, and leaving the
vaults beneath, for storage or other purposes, to
tolJy unobstructed. I am, sir, yours most re
L’. K. Hall.
612 V» abash Avenue, Kov. u.
Want of School, Teachers in Texas.
Clauksville, Tex., Nor. c.
T> the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sin: Oar State Is greatly in need of teachers In
the colored public free schools. I can give em
ployment to fifty in my district, Including the
counties of Bowie, Red River, Lamar, and Delta,
?L *i 5 P 6 i* 1011 1 Payable monthly;
tMmd e mat^s DßUSll 6lstory?f l 'tho
Ae the schools are all ready for tho teachers
they can be assigned ns soon as they arrive.
I write to yon because I know no one in your
,vho aro thrown out of em
plmncnt would like to emigrate. Yours respect-
V U ‘L* W. A. Ellett,
Supervisor Eighth Judicial District.
Damage by Storm at tbe Bui,
Kew Tork, Xov, Is.— Tho gale lost night lifted
the roof from 0 four-story brick building at 359
Water street, and threw it bodily into the build
\ih Jf*H «V Easr River was seriously damaged.
Quantity of lime anaTcemSSfSS:
jOTging to JohnL. Lyons, was destroyed at the
foot of Twenty-fifth street, BroS
lyo. Loss, $12,000. Insured, $c 000 An
ecbooner sunk near the Atlantic Dock
Brooklyn. Crew saved. In Hudson County v'
fotosa W %«S M /g i,riW the losses amounting I
Railway at Union Hill, with six cars,
loss of fcO.OOO. A new hotel In Greenville valued
a wns completely wrecked, 'variona
tro f e l or damafred.
ijosrojf, >ov. 15, —The nigh tide to-dav on
aQ d vicinity temporarily intop
roJd^-ack. PaSSa5 0f train 9 011 tho Eastern bSE
h0 Gloucester fishing fleet during
SJS-Jwf* 11 Bcaso ll is greater than during any
previous year, and the number of Uvea that live
eSSn?* 01 t at of an y other year
S£S p L~ii‘ 2 i Twenty-two vessels have
JfSf/MT2f C 1 d, or abandoned, valued
a xsfr n which there was 389,316 insurance.
all, however, on the mutual plan. One
hundred and thirty-six fishermen have lost their
lives, forty-five of whom left widows, and np.
ward of ninety children were rendered father
less. During 1870 tho number of vessels lost was
13; value, 973,500; insurance, $50,195; number of
lives lost, 88.
Portsmouth, X. H., Kov. M.—The stirm has
raged hero very heavily all day with the wind
noainly from -the east and southeast. The tide
has been the highest for many years, and much
damage has been done ,to wharves
shipping, etc. -The Eastern Railroad'
track on the Hampton marshes was eubmerrod
Borne small bridges were washed out, and it wm
feared the track was undermined, so that m*
trains have passed either way since noon. Travel
and malls between Boston and Portland are sus
pended.
Wisconsin.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune
Madison, Wls., Hov. is.-a considerable number
of official county returns have bevn received at
the office of the Secretary of State, and indicate
that majorities for the Eeoubllcan tioketwm
gsf t°o n d i' Sot
si gat
their politlSf® 1116 according to
General ha* rented Uio beautiful
residence of the Into Congressman Hopkins for
two roars, nod wfi* hfs daughter SroiSies to
keep hoiiflo in boonii», !g style. W l ps s 10
ON THE DEFENSIVE.
Fire Marshal 'William* Tnma Upon His
Tradneer# and Hicks Back.
Ibe DlßltaUlti He Had to Encounter—Too
Few Engines and a Short'
Supply ol Hose.
He Claims He Faced the Raging Conflagration
Like a True Fireman,
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sot: Yon, as well ad the readers of your paper,
perliaps, have wondered somewhat at the son*
appearance of a card from me, as Fire Marshal,
relative to the lato conflagration. I deemed It
best to wait until the excitement and hustle had
quieted a little, and the contmtv
nltj hod time to settle again. I have
noticed and read the suggestions and articles in
regard to the 14 man Williams.”' The authors of
those extracts being so modest as notto* sign
their names, I cannot hope to see them individu
ally, hnc take this method of- extending to them
my heartfelt thanks for the ““praise and honor”
they so kindly and profusely bestowed upun-mo
in the high and noble mannorln which thoy have
done.
They should have considered veil the difficul
ties that the ?ire Department had to enconnteron
that dreadful night before trying to “comment”
upon It. They had just passed through a severe
fire twenty-four hours previous, and part of the
companies had left the scene of the old Are but
n few hours when they were called again, tired
and worn out from hours of hard labor to
another still more fearful than the one thev had
Just dealt with. J
While ve were working on the original Arc
wmchwassurroundoaoud under our control the
fearful eule which was i aging at the time carried. I
not only sparks, but brands and pieces of
boards on Are, the distance of two to
four squares. To our surprise wo were
informed that a church over two blocks to the
north was on fire. We were then obliged to form
a new base of operations to protect tho property
around the burning church. While thus engaged
m staying the Aery element, which we also con
quered and bad under our control, we were again
informed that tho fire had taken another leap, and
had broken out in the match factory, lumber vard
and shingle mills of W. B. Bateman.
People living in the vicinity had carried out
bedding, furniture, etc., into the street for safety
which was soon all ablaze. The strong wind car
ried the burning material to tho east aide of Canal
street, communicating the Are to the wooden
structures on that side of the street. thes& build
ings being elevated to the height of Ave to seven
feet above the ground, together with tho sidewalk,
formed a complete tunnel, and tho draft carried
the Aames for a whole square without
meeting even, tho resistance of a
common board partition. In the meantime
tho intense heat drove us, and wo were com
pelled to remove some of our apparatus, which
occupied quite a length of time; also losing con
siderable hose. During this time the Are made I
fearful progress, and while trying to rescue one
of tho steamers from its dangerous situation, it
was discovered that the Are had crossed to the
South Division, onto the second street east of the
river. I immediately ordered part of the deport
ment, and went myself to the new Aeld of action.
On my arrival there I found not only a few build
ings on Are. but the largest portion of twosquarea.
So rapid did the Arc spread that tho wooden build
ings on Quincy street, tho Armory building, tho
square known as “Conley’s Patch” <all composed
of wooden shells), the Gas Works, and the roofing
material yard of Barrett, Arnold Powell, were
one sheet of Aamo in a short space of time. This
yard being composed of combustible material, to
getber with tho Gas Works, threw out a terrific
cat, more especially after the gas was allowed to
escape to prevent an explosion and the
destruction of the works. Through the
agency of tho btirnina of this vafd, large i
firebrands, coniro*cd of tar and pitch felting,
some two or three feet in length, were whirled
through the air for a number orblooks, and would 1
might on some building and hardlv a minute
would elapse before the whole structure would be
involved m one mass of fire, thus starting in dif
ferent parts of tho city whjft you might call differ
ent fires, and all burning at tho sumo time.
I rallied the greater part of my force to the
.South Side, but it was of no avail.
The wind blew so hard at tnis
poi iod ns to out a solid stream of water into spray
Ixforoithad gone the distance of t*ventvfe,-c
from the pipe. The fire made such rapid head
way that we were constantly compelled to move
some of our stcameis to save them from destruc
tion, and by so doing lost large quantities of our
hose, so much so thaLwowero soon short of a
supply.
When at work at Monroe street, T was informed
that tho flames were in our reams far as Mad’son
street. I immediately repaired to that street, and
found that a large building, knownas the Oriental
Block, was on tiro in the rear, and in a few min
utes the entire block was enwrapped In a sou of
burning matter. Tho noxf to l»e seized in the em
brace of the fire-flend was tho Court House and
Chamber of Commerce buildings, which burned
very wickedly.
Shortly after this I received intelligence that
the Water w prks were on flro. I then had no
whatever of staj log tho flames.
early four years ago. when I was appointed
Fire Marshal, in •my estimate of wants for the
Fire Department, I recommended to tin Board of
1 dice tho necessity of having one or more Float
forfJ£e Protection of the prop
commcndullon, an appropriation to
Eurchasetho same, but without success. Thov
ave made several attempts since to obtain the
necessary appropriation. This floating engine, or
engines, would have done much In stopping our
atu reat Hre. as there could
ba P, ow( i rfui Pumps on board
of eimh, throwing two or three streams of water,
which would have been sufficient to keep wet tho
buildings on the sides of the river for a number
of squares, and in protecting the elevators.
The public arc probably aware of tho fact tliat
the foot of our streets are leased from time to
Purposes, which has always Inter
fered with the Flro -Department in obtaining a
supply of water from tho river. We have
1 of these docks and
?iS?nn tn pF-fcines which we have had oo
n 11 tU f. r i^s this as in many other instances,
have rendered aid to the
other cii-cumstanee that has greatly critv
Fire Department, is tho scanty supply
of hose purchases from year to year also on in
sufiicient number of fire engines. I have alwavs
railed to obtain tho amount of hose I have asked
for from time to time, as In tlio
case of the present year I requested 15,000 feet,
v> inch was small enough an amount for the num
ber of fires we arei having In Chicago (amountiug
toncarly .00 during tho last year). Instead of
allowing me the full amount, I was cut down one
third, and allowed 10,000 feet. I was also cut short
of one additional steamer.
After all this, it has been stated by one of your
correspondents that, had there been some
engines placed upon flat boats, canal boats,
or scows, and be propeiieu Jn the river by tho
would have prevented the Are from
CToesing. Allow mo toask where wercthoso scows?
we trad to obtain one to enable us to extinguish
y”L coa ii l none were to bo found this side of
BriOcepmt, and it took from four to Ave hours to
vhat ft? 16 tho Tiro Marshal have
to hunt scows and flat boats at that stage of the
Correspondents in different papers have asked
why the Fire Department did not do
and Why did not the people
try to protect their buildings fromspirka and em
bers as did the watchman at the crib in Mio lake.
Imtead of standing In the way, and Anding fault
with the Fire Department.the drought of the sea
sou.the state of the atmosphere, and the high gale,
they should have turned their attention to the
roofs- of buildings. How could the firemen bo
b ft it“hg tho Aro and watching buildings squares
in their rear?
P. S. Since writing the above I hare noticed
several letters in the dally papers concerning the
Fire Marshal and the investigation of tho Are.
and out of them ail not one of the writers has
Signed his name. Ono of these, demanding the
of Fire Marshal Williams, is signed
Tlw writer pretends to be an old
t>ev lD nf n ’mS.= s ta, C9 that holms attended a nnm
res during tho past year. Ho claims
f stopping Arcs is to light them
In Ibe rear, which J claim is false.
S*° aek M r- Tax-Payer it I was in the rear
?iii lu I,re 2 r <nsln S bis own words), “facing it
like a true Areman would do the light of the
great conAngiwtion,“ and if ho really knows who
b'*rh .blarshal ttiiliams is, and if ho was not
Blinding to one of his Assistants V I wish Ittote
steictly understood that I was In “front” of the
to my utmost, to stop it, and
while doing this sparks and embers were time
and again carried for beyond tho line of tho Are.
It is also stated by the Tax-Payer” that he was
u£n!d e s y tbs veteran Aromen that
sert-cd under the late V. P. Harrli that Mr. Will
"r,,T,? 8 J C F Catc,l !i ur S cd by his nnder-oAlcers
and men to change the position of his steamers
so as to confront the Are. hut he repeatedly re
rosed to make any such change. This is another
downright lie/
The same person also states that he has nndef
openly boasts that the
of Police dare not discharge him. This is
ono more of the series of his false statements.
e to k him whether I was In tho rear
or front ot the Are on the Saturday night previ
pus to the great Are, and whether I did not stay
It from crossing nortlrat Adams street, and also
fronrbnralng the viaduct at Adams street bridge.
1 cl u6e 1 Trls b to ask all tax-payers, and
the citizens in general, whether or hot tho Fire
pepattment h is not given entire satisfaction dur
ing the last four years.
I feel conAdent that the Insurance men of this
city will back me in this statement.
Allow mo to add. as there hasbeensohnnch said
in reference to an Investigation, that I am read v
at any time. Respectfully, I
_ ■a* A. Wxi.iTims, Fire Marshal
Chicago, Xov. is; ism.
Canard Company. Conlrihmion. for
Chicago
Ta the Editor of The Chicago Tribune.-
SIK: Among the many cases of charity to Chi-
Sn i^°fl W Wcll 1 tWat “y fcUow-stnrorers
should not be ignorant of. The following I take
UTCrp 1 r l r mi report of a meeting
held there for the benefit of the Chicago sufferers!
and at which Iso,ooo was snbacribed
St»£s f rooofiy and the United
thelrin.i^£^?!| 6 Ail tlio 9UT..*:rlptlo:;.j tf’ nv.igh'j!! t
S? yoold go a very little way to make good
toelosaea sustainedujrtils ffrestcal*mJ£r. -Bntliose
go some little way in mitigating
the sufferings ol those who were so summarily
oereft, of herase and home, mid all the comforts
P*/**®*..lnwhatever capacity be had ever appeared
oefore the public, he would like them to sav that he
appears d that day with a cordial willingness as one of
the partners of the Canard Company. [Applause.]
They deemed It a duty to subscribe*, it was not a da*
ty on them alone, hat one which devolved on everyone
who had any connection with the United State* in
business. He might mention that there were several
panics in Liverpool who had already subscribed to the
rands being collected In Boston and New Tork. The
Canard Company bad done so through thetr agents
there. The company in Glasgow would contribute in
ahclr Individual capacity there: bat, na the vessels of
the Canard Company sadlng to America ail
went from Liverpool, he did not tnipfc tK,»
that company could contribute less than £l,ooo (&oom
Therefore, If they .wooid accept that as a eotocrinl
tlon, he should be hapm to second the resolution"
(Applause.] Since ho entered that room he had be»n
Informed that, tn an probability, a conslderebSamS
tltyof goods would be sent ouC and
pany would be very glad to take anythlnethat£«
StteSSSr Ms 2
reUet 01 ,he
insurance.
NATIONAL
Life Insurance Co,
OF THE HUTTED STATES OP AMERICA.
WASHIIVGIOiI, D. C.
Chartered hj- Special Act of Congress, 186 S.
A STRONG STOCK COMPANY.
Total Asset*. Ausmt. 1871
Total Liabilities, August, 1371.iL.
Surplus.....
C orn P an F reduces br the contract, the first and
Premiums from 20 toft perc“nta2 cSS?
pared with those of mutual eompantesT Com
three years the premium receiptsqf
«£5-*'°?!P an .E have aggregated e1.700.000. hILi n
of mutual companies the
same amount of insurance would have coat the nollcv
SsasaasiS
sarii} exacted from them by mutual companies.
DISTINCTIVE FEATURES:
large Capital, $1,000,000.00,
Cash System,
low Bates of Premium,
No Dividend Delusions,
Nearly a World-wide Pblicy,
literal Non-Forfeiting Features.
OFFICBKS:
CLARENCE H. CLARK. President.
E. A. ROLLINS. Phlladtlphia, Vice President.
H. D. COOKE. Washington,
JAY COOKE, Chairman Finance and Tfrr. Commit
tee.
EMERSON W. PEET, Secretary and Actuary.
JOHN M. BUTLER. Assistant Secretary.
FRANCIS G. SMITH. SL 0., Medical Director.
B. M. NEWPORT, General Snpt. ol Agencies.
CONTRACTS DIRECT WITH THE COMPANY,
giving liberal and continuous commissions, will
made m all parts ol the country, with efficient and lib
eral men, who propose to canvass personally lor Ufa
insurance. Address Branch Office. Philadelphia, Pa.
NORTH BRITISH
MERCANTILE
EISURAiVCE CO.,
OF LOKDOiI ASD EDUBEBGB, 0. 8.,
Will have intact, after deducting CHI-
CAGO LOSSES:
Capital, §10,000,000
Fire Snrplos, over 3,000,000
Life Assets Annuities, 11,000,000
§24,000,000
Of which $1,100,000, besides the $200,-
000 deposited with the State Department
of Illinois, is invested in this country, and
will remain intact for the benefit of the
Fire Business of the United States.
Two well-known and prominent Amer
icans, Hon. Hugh McCulloch, former Sec
retary of the Treasury of the United
States, of the Banking House of Messrs.
Jay Cooke, McCulloch Co., and Junius
S. Morgan, Esq., successor of the great
American Banking House of Messrs.
Peabody Co., are active Directors of this
Company in London.
Up to date
Over SBOO,OOO
Of this Company’s losses by the late lira
had been paid.
OMee mui tsoara or ,ona (nM
for the tunttert Staler,
50 WiUiam-st.,NewYork.
S. M. MOORE GO.
379 Wabash-aT. and 68 Canal-st.,
AGENTS FOR CHICAGO.
R. J. smith:.
Superintendent Agencies for Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and DDehlgan,
Solid Fire Insurance.
IMPERIAL
Fire Insurance Co.,
OF LONDON.
ASSETS OVER
$8,000,000
GOLD.
This is the only English Xhsoranco
Company represented in Chicago whose
business is exclusively Fire Insurance.
Property-owners will consult their best
interests by protecting themselves with.
Policies in the IMPERIAL,
DAVIS REQUA,
agents,
Room 3, Mb. 43 South Canal-st,
808 Michlgau-av.
Security Insurance €o.
ADJUSTMENT OFFICE,
608 WABASH-AV.
who will al so receive, for cancellation. Pollolm of «m£
Company under whJciiao low has be?n?£ffi2
T. B. STILLMAN, for Receiver.
Important!
I>ollo s r -UoldeTs of the PACHTO Hr-
SUBAHCE COMP AITS', of SANFBANCI2-
CO, who have not handed in their Proofe of
Ijoss, wm please present them AT ONCE, and
thus facilitate the early adjustment of at.t.
HUTCHINS RALSTON.
Oeneral Agents, 472 Wabash-av.
PACIFIC
Insurance Company
OP SAN FRANCISCO.
A meeting of the Policy-holders of this Compsow
-will be held on SATURDAY, Nov. 13, at S p. m., at tho
store of OEO. C. COOK «fc CO., corner of Mlchlgaa-m.
and Congress-st, to hear the report of the Committed
appointed at a preylona meeting. The legal opinion ot
eminent counsel will be made known to the meeting-.
J. H. KEEP, Secy. 9A^ruEL HALE Ch’ncmn.
TO POLICY HOLDERS OP
TSew England M. M. Ins. Co.,
OF BOSTON.
SSS
geo. a ciiArke:
10 Eldrldge-court.
burned out
in the SECURITY LIFE INH.
COjfITANY, of Nevr York, will please notify
xb* of their present address. Any one need
“E extension in payment of premium will be
Übekally treated on application.
C. H. BAKER, General Agent*