6
THE NORTHWEST.
Illinois.
°dd Fellows* iTnll and tin* property on which
il is built. In Quincy are advertised to be sold on
t herd of next mouth, on a debt of over $20,000.
The property is also subject io another indebted
ness of SIO,OOO.
—A Post Office lias been established at Harta
burg, Logan County,
—Hie Bock Island Argun, claims that “the
largest yield of coin per aero ever recorded in
Bcott Comity, was produced by L. W. Clemons, of
Pleasant Valley township, ibis year. Ills sworn
MaUmentlo the Scott Comity Agricultural So
ckly. is that the yield was 154 bushels and 0
peeks of shelled corn 1
—A man named John Ryan, a resident of Pana,
Lung himself in the City Jail on Friday. Ho was
in custody for drunkenness, and was dead (when
disc overed. He succeeded in suspending himself
with the aid offr ball and chain,such as aac some
tmns used to shackle prisoners.
—Silas McWilliams, a fireman upon an Illinois
Central freight train, while at work Thursday on
the train at Pana, fell from the engine upon the
ti nek. The locomotive passed over his left leg,
mashing it In Mich a horrible manner that ampa-
lalion became necessary.
-—A few days ag<* the dead body *>f a mail named
.Tames Hawkridgo was found in the woods near
Punter Hill. The lasi heard of him was six weeks
since, when he left a saloon iu an intoxieatcdcon
diliui.
_The Western Cutlery Works in Ottawa are
nearly finislnd, and -will be iu full operation iu a
lew days.
—A genin* from Quincy sent a letter to the
Secretary of the State of Ohio asking Hhe would
net look over the census returns and *ec if Gor
don Arnold, from New York, wasn’t iu Ohio. Tho
inquirer poll! cly enclosed a Ihree-ccnt stamp. As
the request involved looking over some three
million names the Secretary hasn’t yet made up
his mind to undertake the task.
—The Greene County Agricultural Association
Las been reorganized, new officers elected, and
arrangements made to rc-cstubll-h tho'soeiety as
one of the best in the State.
—The Sit. Vernon Free IVcss is to be greatly
enlarged Jan. 1.
—James Marshall, an old citizen of Morgan
County, Is dead.
IOWA.
—The Davenport OazrUc of the 12th Inst, says,
with regard to the bridge Operations were re
newed yesterday on tho false work for span three
—or rather the foundation for if. Four cribs,
built of heavy timber, of a width of 7 feet 4
inches at the bottom and 5 feet 4 inches at the
lop, and 48 feet long, arc being sunk. Piles are
to be set up in these cribs for the support of the
false work. With good, cold, ice-holding weath
r, the false work can be finished in two weeks,
;.ud twelve days thereafter will see tho span
swinging."
—DetMcincs h:t> lost three editors, by death,
within a year.
—The prize fight between St. Clair and Carr,
wh u h was to have taken x»lace iu Wisconsin not
far above Dubuque, on the 11th iuat, did not
tome off. one of the parlies being too drunk at
the lime to put in an appearance.
WISCONSIN
A Mj-5. Bradley, of Tomab, found a baby upon
her doorstop the other evening, with a card
pinned to its clothes which read: “I commend
i:-.y little darling to your care, Mrs. B. Please
call her Madge Armilda, Please never give her
stimulating drink of any kind in her food, for
il:at came near killing her, and cold water was all
that saved her life. Please lot her food be made
l cream, loaf-sugar, and boiling water. Mother.’*
INDIANA.
There arc bnt two savings banks operating in
Indiana now—one in Terre Haute and on® in La
layette.
—Some wretch, who eau scarcely bo called a
human, lock a mattress which had been used by
u person afflicted with small-pox and threw it
:uto the seminary lot at Vincennes, occupied by
the Sisters of Providence as an Oi*x>han Asylum.
—Seme young men of Fort Wayne went into a
K-stuuraut and dined to the araonnt of several
dolhns. One young man proposed to pay the
hill, when another stopped him and he proposed
to pay. Tho game was played by all, when it
was proposed to blindfold tho waiter, and tho one
he caught was to pay the bill. While tho waiter
was groping around the room the deadbeats made
good their escape.
—Dr. Lindsey, of Clay township, had valuable
notes, accounts, $l6O in greenbacks, and an old
fashioned leather 4 pockctbook, eaten up by his
i-uw, a tew days since.
—George Ulrich, an ex-Mayor of Lafayette, died
on the 9th inst.
—Two minstrel managers, David O. Bryan and
Edward Myers, are in limbo at Terre Haute for
debt.*
—Uneasy ■wives who pant for freedom will be
glad to hear that Indiana still stands llieirfriond.
The Total number of suits for divorce brought in
the Allen County courts this year up to the pres
ent time !s 1,200. Of these 1,084 were granted and
112 dismissed. Forty-ono divorces were granted
in one day.
iIICIIICAN.
Mr. E. D. Elliott, of Byron, Shiawassee County,
familiarly known as “Old Dad,” died of heart
ditease Nov. 22. He was known throughout the
vicinity as an inveterate joker.
—Tbo will of the late Hon. J. M. Lamb, of Dry
den, was disallowed by the Judge of Probate
because it was not attested in the presence
of the testator. An appeal will probably bo
taken.
—Three specimens of Young America, at Brigh
ton, aged from 13 to 16 years, recently went out
hunting, with a bottle of whiskey as a fourth
companion. The youngest boy got dead drunk,
and would have perished of cold had not one of
his companions procured .a hand-sled and took
him to a neighboring bam. He was afterward
taken home, where his life was with difficulty
saved.
—The mother of twenty-six children, whosebus
band is an invalid, called at the State Land Ollico
a fewldays since, and from tho proceeds of cran
berries she had picked during tho past Jail, paid
the remainder due tho State upon her little farm
in Shiawassee County.
—A man named David Duel, formerly a resi
dent and Supervisor of Medina, New York, has
been arrested at Jackson, on charge of embez
zling 51,4t0 of public money. He was tracked
through Ypsilanti, where be bad been doing odd
jobs for some time, to Jackson. He claims that
he wandered away from home in an insane mood
and came to himself in an Illinois insane asylum,
that ho knew nothing about tbo money, and that
he was trying to work bis way back home. He
had hitherto borne an unimpeachable character,
and has now gone back to face the facts.
—Wenona has had a small prize-light between
one Amos Nass and Buffalo Bill.” On tho third
round Bill was knocked out of time, and tbo light
ended. At this point the Sheriff and two police
men put in an appearance, and tbo bystanders
took to their Locks and left Bill bleeding and
naked on the snow. Nass was arrested in tbo
city bhortly afterward.
—The Eev. Charles Clutes, a Baptist minister
near Holly, recently separated from his wife,
giving her £SOO and a cow and calf, according to
her statement, but not accordiug to his; for he
replevied the veal, which brought affairs into the
Justice Court. The calf was finally awarded
him.
MINNESOTA.
A purse of SI,OOO baa been raised in Duluth, to
be given as premiums for cleared, fenced, and
plowed tracts of land, witbin twelve mile? of the
c jty—sl 300 :o be given to tbo largest and best,
and smaller sums to smaller tracts, ibe awards to
be made in 1873.
—Horatio Eobinson, who was in the Peniten
tiary for life for tho Chaska rape, died suddenly
on Friday last of consumption.
—The Eev. Mr. Dickey, rector of the Episcopal
church in Austin, has severed his pastoral con
nection with that body, and will soon leave for
Wyoming.
KANSAS.
Wabaunsee County has thirty-two organized
school districts, nearly ail of which have good
fcthool-bouscs, many being far superior to aver
age.
The Kansas papers announce tho death of
Colonel James Montgomery, one of the leaders of
the old Free State cause, and who headed a party
■who went secretly from Kansas to rescue John
Brown while lie lay in prison in Virginia. ITcdied
at Muurd City, Linn County, Kansas, on tho Cth
just, of pleuro-pneumonia, aged an years.
—The Humboldt Land Office has been removed
to Nct-desha, Wilson County.
THE FAB WEST.
The Antioch (Cal.) Lcdacr of tho 2d inst. says:
“Roberts, McMurtry Kimball,of tho Land Rec
lamation Company, who are largely engaged in
tho stock business near tho Point of Timber, were
ihe losers, last week, of 1,500 head of sheep,
burned to death upon the tulc land onwhichthoy
we re grazing. The fire is supposed to bavcj)cen
the work of an incendiary, and the scene, as de
scribed by an eye-witness, was truly pitiful Tho
dames spread with lightning rapidity through
the parched tulos, and in the hasty retreat of a
largo band the above number of sheep were en
cJrdcdiu the Humes.”
—A severe tornado swept over Baker County,
Oregon, on the let inst., destroying several
buildings, and up-iooliug tiees in every dircc
lion.
—The Grass Valley (Cal.) Republican says that
from one hundred pounds of manzanita berries
three gallons of brandy can be manufactured,
while it takes from seventy-five to eighty pounds
of grapes to make one gallon. Furthermore, tho
former makes the best brandy.
number of prominent citizens of San Fran
cisco have incorporated themselves into a com
pany wiled “The Central Polynesia and Com
mercial Company.” Its object is tho purchase
and nf (ju;sition of lands on the beautiful Naviga
tor Islands, aud the cultivation, sale, or lease of
the Fame. Tim formation there of a coaling sta
tion fort lie steamers of the United Stales, Ketr
Zealand Sc Australian Mail Line is also proposed,
as also the establishment of a Central Polynesian
depot for commercial purposes which would
serve the whole croup of islands. Tim capital
steelc of the corporation is to be ?too.ooo, in one
thousand .“Imres of SIOO each.
—The Sacramento Vuiot. of rtio Ctli says
•‘Tho success of Colonel Strong in growing
cotton in Merced County D remarkable, and at
tests tbo vain# of our Slate us a producer of the
staple. The Snclliutf Argus of a recent date
•dves Hie product of ilfty-ouo acres just gathered
at 74,450 pounds of seed cotton, worth G.cents a
pound, which is a yield in value of about $37.30
per acre. The appearance of Colonel Strong’s
i-otbm bafnro gathering was such as to justify
tixo highest expectations.
—in Los Angeles (Cal.) the earlier qualities of
oranges .ire already Jlndiug their way to market.
The finil in all the orange groves ls well ad
vanced, and an abundant crop will be obtained
this year.
—II. P. Taylor ACo/s printing oflioc, in San
Francisco, was destroyed by fire on the ad Inst.
Tho otllccs of the Uullcfin and Call were also
for a time in danger, but were saved, with alight
damage,
—Tho Colorado Transcript of a recent date
says: “The silver veins discovered last August
on Lincoln and Press Mountains, continue to ex
cite unusual attention. Mines have already been
purchased in that district by enterprising
moneyed corporations, and we may look for
rapid development next spring. Wood and water
are abundant in the vicinity of the new discover
ies, and the formation surrounding tho ore is
mueli the same jis that at White Pine and Cotton
wood.*’
—The taxable properly of California, according
to tho last assessment, is set at $277,538,134.07.
l The cultivation of castor beaus iu tho south
ern counties of California is becoming an indus
try of some imx>ortaiico and attracts tho atten
tion of those interested in tho trade elsewhere.
—Tho Hawaiian Government has agreed to pay
a subsidy of $36,000, for tho next eighteen months,
toward tho maintenance of the Webb lino of
steamers from Ban Francisco to Austral hi.
RAILROADS.
The Preston Hepuhliean says the rumored lease
of the Southern Minnesota Railroad has not been
consummated.
—The New Ulm J'faiiuhakr of Friday last
says tho iron on the Winona A St. Peter Railroad
is laid to within live miles of Red Stone, and will
be completed to that place this week.
—TI.W. Hixic, General Superintendent of the
International Road, at Hcarne, Texas, has is
sued a circular announcing that 50 miles of tho
road, from Hcarne to Jewett, will bo open for
business on the lllh Inst. This road makes con
nections with the Houston A Texas Road.
—There was a meeting at Huntington, Inch, on
the Ist Inst, of tho citizens of that place, for the
pm pose of organizing a new railroad company,
in the intercstsjof tho Baltimore, Pittsburgh A
Continental Railroad Company. Tbo former or
ganization iu that interest, in Indiana, was seem
ing^'defective in a legal point of view, aud a
new organization was accordingly effected. The
read proposes to connect Chicago with Columbus,
no B'.uflton,Huntington,and CVllua.
—The St. Paul Chicago Railway bridge at
Hastings is completed, and was satisfactorily
tested on the 9th Inst. Tho bridge is three-fourths
of a mile in length, aud was built by tho Ameri
can Bridge Company of Chicago.
—Tho CTeston, lowa, Headlight of Bee. 7,
says: “The first regular train over the Creston,
Bedford Sc St. Joseph Railroad, left this city on
Thursday morning of this week, bound for Bed
ford.’’
MISCELLANEOUS.
Two young women bad a game of billiards in a
public ball, at Portsmouth, N. H., recently, aud
made runs of 36,33, and 45 points.
—Two industrial expositions, the “Louisville”
and the Grand Central,’* are being organized at
Louisville. SSO,OOO having been subscribed for the
first, and SIOB,OOO for the hitter.
—The dogs of Algiers, opposite New Orleans,
are being rapidly thinned out hy a voracious pan
ther.
—The Postmaster of a country office near An
napolis, Md., lately broke the key to a mall bag,
and not receiving a new one from Washington,
the mail remained unopened for eight or tea days.
—Cornell University is to try its hand in the
manufacture of journalists, and tho Course in
Letters,” or, as it is more commonly called, tho
•‘Journalistic Course,” has finally been an
nounced.
—Two hundred pounds of pure honey were
taken from one tree in Australia recently.
—The old Manassas battle-field was sold a few
days since for $3 an acre. When the war com
menced it was under a high state of improve
ment, and the dwelling-house upon it was one of
the finest in that section of the State.
—England is excited on tbo subject of her favor
ite bivalve, oysters. The price charged for good
ones is five times as great per bushel in 1871 as it
was in IfeiU. The beds bavo been dredged to
death, and cannot restock themselves.
—A negro on trial for murder in Kentucky,
sharing the general belief that ho would be hung,
sold his body to some medical students, who
waxed very wroth when their fondly-anticipated
subject was sentenced to six years* Imprison
ment.
—A Cincinnatian married tho divorced wife of
bis own son.
—A German cutlery manufacturer in Troy, N
Y., runs his machinery entirely by dog-power.
—lt is quite a singular coincidence that the cel
ebrated Warwick Castle in England and the War-,
wick House in Boston should both have been seri
ously damaged by fire tbo same day.
—An enterprising Japanese brought over to
California on a recently arrived steamer an enor
mous quantity of tea plants, which are to be
planted as an experiment in California.
—The Superintendent of Police says that 500
men, women and children go every lino day into
the streets of New York city for the purpose of
stealing whatever they lay their bands on,—tho
aptitude* of many of whom is glossed over with
the good dress and good manners of lady andgeu
tleznanhood.
The Supreme Conrt of Vermont has rendered a
decision in favor of tho plaintiff in the case of
George Newman,Treasurer of the town of Brat
tleboro, against S. M. Waite, Cashier of tho First
Nationalßank of that town, to recover penalty
for his refusal to make a return of stockholders
to tho Town Clerk.
—A whale,'lately captured in the vicinity of
Boston, is now moored to a wharf there, and is
daily visited by curious persons who pay 23 cents
a head. The monster is about 80 feet long, girts
about CO feet, bis jaw is about 18 feet long, and it
is estimated that be will yield about 100 barrels
of oil when cut up.
—A lady of Newburyport, Mas?., bns earned
with her sewing machine in twelve years $5,018.25,
without paying a cent for repairs,
—The Montreal Gazelle says: “There exists but
one opinion in this city on the subject of the cen
sus, in so far as it relates to Montreal, viz.: that
it is utterly untrustworthy.” Tbo Gazette thinks
it is probably 23,000 out of the way, and that the
actual population of tho city la between 130,000
and 110, oco.
—Can we bo sure that anything in tbo market
is what it purports to be! Alligator-hide boots,
for instance, arc much believed in, and cost more
money than can be cheerfully paid by any person
unless he has cash in plenty and a passion for
keeping bis feet dry; yet we are told that or
dinary leather is now stamped to resemble alli
gator-skin. Bo an indignant gentleman writes a
newspaper that genuine mattress curled hair is
now made from whalebone finely shaved.
—lt Is tbo style now-a-days when an engage
ment is broken off for the lady not to return tho
presents given Ih t by her fiancee, or even the eu
gcgemtnt ring, which she keeps as an Indian
keeps a scalp as a trophy of victory.
Isaac P. Wainwriglit, a well-known Boston
broker, died of apoplexy on Wednesday last,
aged 37 years.
—A Guilford (Conn.) woman, ?G years old, has
prepared sixty-three Thanksgiving dinners un
der the same roof.
—Several of the Japanese iu Amherst go to the
First Church Sunday School, but theif teacher
finds it difficult to interest them in sacred''history
without pictures representing tho lesson; aud
then sometimes they fail toget the exact moaning
Foroxample, they consider the destruction of
Pharaoh aud tho Egyptians iu the Red Sea, a
shown iu the picture, to be a huge joko on the
Egyptians.
—Adelina Patti was recalled after her firstpor
forma nee at Moscow twenty-nine times.
—The ox-Queen of Hanover, tired of waiting
for her throne, has resolved to betake herself to
a nunnery and turn Roman Catholic.
—A lady iu Quebec was so affiicted at the sud
den death of her husband that she wept herself
perfectly blind in two weeks thereafter.
—lt appears from a report preseated to the
Swiss Statistical Society at the eongrea s recently
held in Paris that Switzerland can boast of twen
ty-five public libraries, containing altogether
mq e°o volumes, and not fewer than 1,029 other
libraries containing 687,930 volumes. Tho most
extensive libraries are those of Zurich, which con
tains 100,000 volumes, of Basle, which has 84,000,
and of Lucerne with 80,000.
-A Bochestcr girl, in a note making indignant
complaint because a man spit tobacco juice on her
silk dress in tho street, says: “Never while men
chew tobacco will Igo to the polls to vote. This
country may go to ruin before I will have my
clothes spoiled or even jeopardized.”
—A Long Island farmer has sued his wife for
di voice, because, after coming to New York and
listening to n lecture in favor of free love, she in
sisted upon hailing every man who passed the
house and inviting him to have a talk.
MODERN MARTYRS.
Pcrsccnlion in China,
To the Christian Advocate and Journal of
November 2l>, the Rev. R. 8. Mac Lav gives
an interesting account of tbo persecutions
to which the missionaries “in the Tlokchiang
District, which lies South of Foochow,”
China, have been subjected. 110 says
“1. At llaiknu, a town six miles southeast
of liokchiang City, our native preacher, Hu
ChiongMi, has been severely beaten bv a
mob. On August “1 a baud of rowdies seiz
ed in his own house, dragged him into the
street, heating him mercilessly all the while.
While this gang was engaged m beating and
dragging him through tho street, another
company destroyed everything in his house,
fho noise oi the riot attracted to the spot an
inferior military officer, who is iu charge of
the towm. He at once commanded ordcr.and
proceed to inquire into the cause of the dis
turbance. Iho assailants began to denounce
oiir.prcachcr as being connected with for
eigners, and as having been hired by them
to poison wells, &c. What proof have
stud tho officer, that he poisons your
well, Did you lind any poison in his posses
sion To this direct question they were
compelled to answer No. “Well,” continued
the officer, “has any one been poison* J To
this question, also, their unwilling answer
was, No. By this time the assailants became
alarmed and ran away, leaving our preacher
and some of lus friends in the protection of
the officer.
“2. Septembers,ntTengiiong, n larger town,
about eight miles west of liokohiang city,
Brother Ling Mi Lai, our native preacher,
was seized by a mob and beaten almost to
death, under circumstances of aggravated
cruelty. It appears that a few days before
tho riot a dog, belonging to a resident of the
town, had died, and the rumor was at once
put in circulation that the dog had been
poisoned by the Christians. Tho people
professed to believe this unfounded, and
silly story, and used it as a pretext
for attacking our preacher. They seized
and heat him until lilo seemed nearly ex
tinct. One of tho fiends then proposed that
they disinter the dead dog, put some of
its liquid corruption into a bowl, and
force our preacher to drink it; but tho pro
posal was too horrible to meet with general
favor, oven among such miscreants. They
then told our preacher that if he would sign
a paper confessing that ho had been hired by
foreigners to distribute poison, etc., they
would release him; but, if ho refused to sign
the paper, they would put him to death.
He replied; “Foreigners have not hired mo
to distribute poison lam entirely innocent
of tho charges that you bring against me;
my life is in j'our hands; God knows that
lam innocent.” They sot upon him again
with yells and execrations, such as per
haps only a Chinese mob can utter.
Tho preacher believed that instant
death awaited him, and (as lie
touchingly says) felt thankful that he was
counted worthy to die for the Blessed Sa
vior* whom, having not seen, ho loved.
Just at this juncture, by what seems to mo a
direct interposition of Providence, some of
the respectable people of tho town interfered
in favor of our preacher, and stopped further
proceedings. More dead than alive, he was
taken to a place of safety, and subsequently
was rcmovcdjto Ifokchiang city. Measures
arc being taken to bring the guilty parties
to justice.
“2. September I, Brother Li Cha All. one of
our preachers, stationed at Anglian City,
5n tho Ilingwha Prefecture, some seventy
miles south of Foochow, was nearly killed by
a gang of foodpads, who attacked him as lie
was walking along one of our most public
roads, ‘When his consciousness, after the
first attack, and, iu a measure, his strength,
had returned, ho tried to resume his jour
ney; and, though weak and suffering great
pain, he managed to make some progress,
avoiding the main road and keeping to the
hills. He had not gone far when another
crowd attacked him with their farming
utensils, saying that he had been hired by
foreigners to poison wells. Arc. One of the
assailants struck him a vciy heavy blow on
the arm with a largo Loo, and it is thought
the bone is shattered. Iu his exhausted
state he was utterly unable to endure such
an attack, and swooned away. The mob ap
peared to think he was dead, and one man
proposed that they dig a grave and con
ceal the body. He, however, began to re
vive, and as tho crowd gradually dispersed,
he arose and staggered toward his destina
tion. Presently Tie heard another crowd
running toward him, calling out Poisnuorl’
\Kill him” Though ready to drop from
sheer exhaustion. Brother Li rallied his
strength and tried to run: but, being oil* tho
road and unacquainted with the country, he
suddenly found himself on the brink ”of a
rocky precipice some twenty feet high.
Finding myself falling (andhero I quote his
own words), I thought of Stephen, tbo lirst
Christian martyr; and as ho, when stoned,
prayed with his latest breath for his
persecutors, I commended my sonl to God
and prayed for those who seemed to thirst
for my blood.-* Strange to say, tho fall did
not kill him; and on returning to conscious
ness he found himself lying alouo at tho foot
of the precipice. It is probable tho people
supposed him to ho dead, and, fearing lest
they might he charged with having killed
him, they had all ran a wav. From this place
he crawled and walked till he reached one of
cur chapels, where he was received ami eared
for by kind Christian friends. This
case has also been duly reported to tho
Chinese authorities.
At Hokchiang, a district city some forty
miles south of Foochow, there had been con
siderable excitement for some weeks, hut
the mob was held in check. .Brother Sia was
unremitting in his efforts to protect the
Christians.' Karly in the morning of Septem
ber 4 lie was informed by a friend that a plot
had been arranged to attack the Christians
and teai-down the chapel on that day. and
that during the jmevious night inflammatory
placards to this effect had been posted
throughout the city.. The danger was so
imminent, and had sprung upon them so
suddenly, that the poor Christians were
utterly confounded. Brother Sia saw
at once the grave character of the
emergency and determined to do all in
liis power to avert the threatened calamity.
A petition addressed to the magistrate was at
once drawn up. and BrotherSia, accompanied
by some of tbo brethren, took it to the mag
istrate’s yaman (palace). It happened that
the magistrate was absent; but the deputy
in charge received the paper, and, on read
ing its contents, seemed immediately to ap
preciate the urgency of the case, without
the slightest delay or equivocation he gave
a favorable answer to the petition, and at
once issued orders to meet tho emergency.
Calling for the constable of tho ward, ho or
dered Him to go through tho streets of the
city and warn tho people against committing
any acts of violence against our chapel, lie
then sent a posse of soldiers take charge of
the chapel during the (Jay, and keep it from
all harm.”
The Duke do Biron*
From the New York Evening Post.
I’rcsiilent Thiers has conferred tho mission
to Berlin upon Louis Gonrault, Duke clc
Biron, a descendant of one of the most an
cient and aristocratic families of Franco.
The now Ambassador has always been a
strong Legitimist, and his appointment by a
Bourbon Prince instead of tho President of
the republic would have excited loss sur
prise. Tho Duke’s ancestors have been con
spicuous in French history for more than
three hundred years.
During the religious wars in tho middle of
the sixteenth century, tho name of Arnand
Gonraulk dc Biron had become a household
word in France, on account of his gallantry
in battle. Ho was born in the Perlgord, and
in his youth came to the court of Margaret of
Navarre, where he was brought up as a page.
He served under Marshal Brissat in Pied
mont. Although more than suspected of
sympathizing with tho Huguenots, ho was
raised to high command in the royal army,
and in 150P was made grand master of tho
artillery. Ho was in Paris when tho massa
cre of felt. Bartholomew was planned, and
had been selected as one of tbo victims.
During tho massacre, however, he joined tho
Huguenots in tbo arsenal, and, by pointing
cannon at tho infuriated assassins,
repulsed them. He was the first to declare
for Henry IV., after the death of Henry 111.,
and was appointed by him Marshal of Franco.
He was killed at the siege of ISperuay, in
35(£, in his (»Sth year. He was a “universal”
scholar, and carried a pocket-book in which
he noted everything that appeared remarka
ble. This gave rise to a common remark at
the royal court, when a person said anything
unusual: “You found that in Birou’s pocket
book.”
Still more remarkable was the career of
AruatuTs son Charles, the favorite of Henry
the Fourth, who made him a Duke. Ho was
yet iu his bovhood when an affair of honor”
obliged him ‘to withdraw from court for a
short time. A Colonel at 14 years of age, ho
was rapidly rising to the rank of Lieutenant
General, and, on the death of his father, the
King gave him the title of Admiral. This
i itle he exchanged, four yeors afterward, for
that of Marshal of France. With an ingrati
tude not uncommon iu the history of court
favorites, Charles had hardly received tho
highest honors of the State when ho entered
into a traitorous correspondence with an
agent of Spain. His intrigues were discov
ered and forgiven, but when ho was scut in
1(101, to the court of Queen Elizabeth to an
nounce tho marriage of Henry the Fourth
with Maria de Medici, ho bcomo involved iu
now intrigues, and was sentenced to death.
He was executed iu the court yard of the
Hostile on the 31st of July. 1002.
The grandson of this favorite, Charles Ar
maud de Biron, was one of Louis the I< our
teenth’s ablest Generals. Ho served under
Turenne and during an heroic defence of tho
fortress of Luudeau was dangerously wound
ed. Louis tho Fifteenth created Inin Mar
shal of France. Ho died in 1750, m his ft-d
year. His son, Louis, was also an illustrious
soldier. He served in the French army for
nearly sixty years, aud died as Marshal of
France iu his'Shth year.
His nephew aud heir, tho unfortunate Ar
niand Louis de Gourauit, Duke de Biron aud
Lauzun, led a very adventurous life. In Ins
early years he studied the military aud naval
resources «f Groat Britain carefully, and ro
corded tho results of his researches ina work
which created a profound impression, aud in
which he pointed out tho weak points in tho
cmcdial system of England, Ho was employ
ed in I<4<, during his ‘.hid year, to head an ex
pedition against Senegal. Gambia, aud other
British settlements in Western Africa to
which he had directed, the attention of tho
French Government. This enterprise was
successfully concluded in tho same year. Ho
then came with Lafayette and Kocham
hoau to America, and took part iu our war
of independence, distinguishing himself
fflE TgfBTOE; JPKIDAT, DECEMBEK 15. 1871
iu several important actions. On
ms return to France, the King entrusted
him with the reorganization of the coast de
fences, a work in which ho was engaged at
tho beginning of the French revolution in
li>o. Tho Constituent Assembly, of which
ho was a member in ITW, gave him a com
mand in tho Department of tho Nord. In
July of tho same year he was made General
of tho Army of tho Rhine, and in 17H2 he
was appointed to command tho army en
camped at Rochelle. Hero iho insubordina
tion of his troops, and the other difficulties
of Ids position, caused him to oiler his resig
nation to tho revolutionary chiefs. It was
not accepted, and, on being repeated, was
considered evidence of treason. He was ar
rested, tried by the revolutionary tribunal,
and executed in December, 17P2.
Tho present Duke at.d ambassador to Ber
lin is the grandson of the last-named office*.
He held various diplomatic offices during tho
reign of Louis Philippe, although ho was
noted for his Legitimist principles, and he
distinguished himself repeatedly by aa ener
getic resistance in tho Chamber o£ Peel's to
the measures of Prime Minister Thiers. He
was a member of tho Right in tho Republi
can Assemblies of IS4B and 1840. After the
vonpd'itai of December 2,1851, he withdrew
from public life. In tho present Assembly
ho has v oled generally with tho Legitimists,
but refused to sign M. do BelcastePs memor
able address to tho Pope. Ho has written
several able political .pamphlets, and is gen
erally esteemed for his talents, his generos
ity, and benevolence.
Fast Sailing.
From tho Detroit. Free Pros*. Doc. 12.
The following are some of the quick runs
made during tho season of navigation iu
IS7I by tho vessels named;
steamer W. R. Clinton, Detroit to Bay City
in 30 hours, including landing.
Propeller Fountain City, Buffalo to De
troit in 22 hours.
Schooner Sweetheart, Detroit to Buffalo
and back in 4 days.
Schooner Truman Moss, Sandusky to Lex
ington, and returned with cargo iu -1 1-2
days.
Schooner Reed Case, Toledo to Buffalo,
grain loaded, in 24 hours.
X’roxicller R. J. Hackett, Detroit to Eseau
aba and back iu 4 days.
Same steamer, Lako Huron to Detroit in
5 1-2 hours.
Propeller Idaho, Buffalo to Chicago aud re
turn in days and 22 hours.
Steamer Saginaw, Kscanaba to Green Bay
iu 7 hours arid,s minutes, stopping 40 min
utes.
Schooner Columbian, Buffalo to Detroit
River in 22 hours, flying light.
Propeller W. T. Graves, Milwaukee to Buf
falo and back to Chicago Ur 0 days and I
hour.
.Schooner Oneida, cargo lumber, round trip.
Bay City aud Buffalo, in 8 days.
.Steamer Northwest, Detroit to Cleveland
in 7 hours and 22 minutes, with 20 lbs of
steam.
Schooner F. 8. Grant, round trip between
Chicago and Portage Lake, Midi., iu 04
hours.
Propeller J. L. Hurd, round trip between
Bay City and Toledo lu 4 days and 22 hours.
Steamer W. T, Graves, Detroit to Buffalo
and back, with barge Russel in tow in 4 days.
Schooner Jennie Mullen, Milwaukee to
Port Colborno in 2 days.
Steamer R. J. Hackett, Kscanaba to De
troit In 44 hours, deep loaded.
Schooner Fayette Brown, Cleveland to 13 s
cunaba and back iu S days and 4 hours.
SehoonerS. P. Ely. 2 round trips, Cleve
land and Esennaha in J7 days.
Schooner Monitor, Erie to Duluth and-re
turn in 21 days.
Tug John Slarliu towed schr James Couch
from Port Huron to Chicago in 2 days andfi
hours :Ivessel laden with 1,423 tons of coal.
Propeller R. G. Coburn, Marquette to De
troit fn 47 hours, calling at way landings.
Schooner Golden Rule, two round trips be
tween Cleveland and Marquette in 2*.i days.
Bark F. B. Gardner, Chicago to Buffalo iu
2 days and is hours.
Schooner Mocking Bird, Duluth to Detroit
iu 4 days.
Propeller Tioga, two round trips between
Buffalo and Detroit in 7 days.
Schooner Dundee, Port Dalhousie to Kings
ton iu 10 hours.
Schooner Elvina, Milwaukee to Oswego iu
S days and fi Lours.
Propeller R. Prindiviilc, with two barges
iu tow, Saginaw to Buffalo and back inS
*sark Lottie Wolf. Milwaukee lo lluffalo
and hack, took on full cargo coal at Cleve
land,’ and sailed through the rivers both ways
in 121-2 days.
Bark Nelson, Chicago to Buffalo iu 4 days,
delayed in river 12 hours.
Tug O. Wilcox, Detour to Detroit in 17
hours, following the coast.
Schooner Eagle Wing, EscauabatoSt.Clair
River in 28 hours.
Schooner Columbian, Chicago to Buffalo iu
4 days, 1 day head wind.
Schooner {Sweetheart, Chicago to Buffalo in
4 days.
Steam barge Arizona, Detroit to AnSablo
and back in i days.
Propeller Idaho. St. Clair Flats to Detroit
dock in 1 hour, 40 minutes.
Schooner Eagle Wing performed Iff round
trins in the ore trade between Detroit, Mar
quette and Escauaba respectively during tho
season.
A California Editor Shot at by a Judge.
From the Saw Francisco Bulielln, Dec. 2.
At half-past :J o’clock yesterday p. m.
Charles do Young. of the Chronicle, was walk
ing on the east side of Montgomery street,
from California street toward the Chronicle
business otlice, in compahy with John Mo
Combe (money-broker), when Judge Delos
Lake, who was standing on the inside of the
sidewalk, sprang upon him, precipitating the
whole force of his body upon him. Ho struck
at him several times rapidly, but without
effect. He theu raised his cane as if to strike
him. Thev both struggled for a moment,
when de Young freed himself from Lake’s
grasp. For a moment they stood eyeing
each other, when Lake drew a Derringer
pistol. Upon that de Young closed with him
again, and grasped his right arm to prevent
his shooting. The}* struggled for a mo
ment ami fell, do Young under.
Lake all the time had his pistol in his
hand, and was endeavoring to.point it at do
Young's bead. He alternated this endeavor
by pounding de Young over tho head with
the pistol. Do Young was unablo to resist
except to endeavor to prevent Lake’s shoot
ing him. The struggle lasted perhaps thirty
seconds. No one in the meantime interfered,
as lookers-on were chiefly anxious to get out
of the way of flying ballots. Finally Lake
discharged his Derringer. Tho ball grazed
do Young’s scalp, inflicting a flesh wound,
causing blood to How freely. Lake then con
tinued to pound do Young, clubbing his
Derringer for that purpose. Several persona
then sprang in and tore Lake ofl‘ from do
Young. Lake was arrested and do Young
was accompanied to his office by a large
crowd. 4
The ball which Luke fired took effect in the
thigh of F. D. Wheeler. Wheeler was taken
to his room.
It is eaid that de Young put his hand in his
pocket as if to draw before Lake drew, but
do Young denies this, and asserts that ho
was not armed. The Chronicle office was im
mediately surrounded by a dense and ex
cited crowd, and tho denunciations of Lake
were loud and deep. Tho cause of tho attack
is found in tho many reflections on Judge
Lake in the columns of tho Chronicle, and
more particularly tho recent articles drawn,
forth l>y the Casey libel suit.
Lake was taken to tho office of a Magis
trate immediately to give bail. Lake’sstate
ment is that his intention was merely to give
de Young a sound caning, bat seeing him go
down into his pocket for hlspistol, ho (Lake)
drew; that do Young then threw up his
hands as a signal that ho was unarmed,
when ho (Lake) closed in upon him. Ho says
be did not intend to shoot him, but that tho
Derringer exploded accidentally.
Proposed Naturalization of Indians.
It is proposed, hy a bill which will bo re-
Xiortecl from tho Senate Indian Committee, to
provide for the naturalization of individual
Indians. They are to have their proportion
of tho reservation surveyed and made over
in severalty, as also rata amount of
all annuity or other common funds. Be
fore becoming naturalized tho Indian will
have to renounce all paramount allegiance
to his tribe, prove himself to be or good
habits, and as having, for at least two years
prior to his application, lived a civilized
life. The bill in which these provisions are
contained is designed tqiecially to provide for
the sale of lauds belonging to tho Stock
bridge Indians. The authority for
the proposed provision for naturalization
is based upon a precedent relative to these
same Indians, or a portion of the tribe, who,
by act of Congress, some thirty-five years or
more ago, were naturalized in a body. Mr.
Cushing, when Attorney General under
President Pierce, had this question of an In
dian’s right to naturalization submitted to
him for an opinion. He argued that tho pro.-
cess of naturalization was not necessarily
confined to persons of foreign birth; that,
as in the case of Indians, there were persons
who were domestic subjects, and hot citi
zens, Congress had tho power to naturalize
them in a body, or by some gen
eral law allow them individu
al ly to take the initiative in that
direction. Tho Interior Department is
anxious to have such a provision as this
made law. Tho same bill will provide for
the inalienability of the Indian’s homestead,
at least tor a term of years, and its exemp
tion from execution and sale. It is believed
that tho adoption of some such plan as this
will do much toward settling questions that
are now being agitated among tho Choro
kecs, Creeks, and Choctaws, as also with
ssme tribes of the Nebraska Indians, and
soon to arise among the Pueblo Indians in
New Mexico. Colonel Boudinot, a leading
and highlv. educated Cherokee, has for some
time past boldly advocated the organization
of the several civilized nations west of Ar
kansas under a Territorial Government.
Old Pnri*.
From the London Globe.
The most ancient cemetery in Pans is at
present being removed and dug up at the
cost of the Slate, and under the direction ot
the government authorities. Its existence
dates back to a period, anterior to the sixtu
century, aud, as wo might expect, the work
of exhumation baa disclosed objects of tuo
most valuable antiquarian interest. This
cemetery was attached to the original Cnarcu
of St. Peter and St. Paul, afterward known
as Stc. Genevieve, and a little book written
in the ninth century, and entitled lao
Miracles of Ste. Genevieve, describes it aa
extending all along tho road which
led to tho route to Sens, up to and
including the territory of tho Church of St.
Marcel. It is at that part of tho cemetery that
tho works arc now being carried on, and tho
workmen have como upon a series of coffins
all belonging to tho Merovingian epoch. The
dissovery of numerous skeletons, not iu
coffins, confirms an interesting point of anti
quity connected with tho adjoining church.
The Church of Bt. Marcel was founded by
Roland Comte do Bloyc, nephew of Charle
magne, and its Chapter for along time held
the right of administering justice over a large
part of the Faubourg St. Marcel. It had its
regular officers, its procnrenr-liscal, its bailiff
and its register. Tho gibbets, the most popu
lar attributes of justice in those‘days, were
permanent institutions, and, iu fact, remain
ed standing there till lfi74, when a royaledict
removed them to Chatelet, which had
just been created. In tho church
was the tomb of Peter Lombard,
Blshopof Paris, so well known as the “Muitro
des .Sentences,” and in tho cemetery itself
were buried many men whoso names are fa
miliar to Europe D’Agucssean and Du
Moulin; the famous lawyers ami Juriscon
sults, Dc Thou and Duchesne, the historians,
and several members of the princely house
of Conti; hut the remains of these and other
illustrious dead have already been exhumed
and were removed to tho catacombs In 171*4.
The coffins which the workmen have discov
ered arc iu some eases of very old date, some
of stone, some of composition, and some of
baked clay. Tho ornaments upon one prove
it to date from the seventh century, and tho
heads of the skeletons are all found turned
to the east, according to tho usage of tho
primitive Church.
—lt Is said that the underwriters of New Bed
ford, Mass., propose sending a powerful steamer
to the Arctic Ocean, to ho on hand next season to
rescue some of tho abandoned ships, if such a
thing is possible.
BRICKS.
BimCMCKS!
OFFICE OP
PISTi mi W MS!
No. 105 Son til Cliuton-st.,
NEAR SHERMAN HOUSE.
1 have opened an Office for (he sale ol
Bricks. Parties In the country having Bricks
they wish to sell will please address me as
above. I have more orders for Bricks than
I can till, and plenty of teams to handle them
from the care, and will only charge a fair
commission tor doing the business*
JOSEPH n. LYONS.
Refer to Morrill Ladd. Esq.. Evanston; Thos. B.
Bryan, Esq.. Chicago; City National Bank. Chicago.
SATES.
CALL AND SEE
THE FINEST STOCK OF
Fire Burglar-Proof
SAFES.
MARVIN Sc CO.,
17 South Canal-st.
TEAS.
[ESTAIBLISILKLU ISOV.]
THE GEEAT
iililic ail Fade Tea Go.,
No. 8 Chiircli-st., New York,
P. O. BOX 5506.
Importers and Jobbers of Teas.
A complete asportment of latest Importations always
on hand, and for sale at importers' lowest prices. Mer
ohants can have our monthly Price Use mailed to
tlirin regularly I>3’sending us their address.
NOTICE.
To the Creditors of the Hide Leather
Insurance Co., of Boston, Mass,
Tlie undersigned have been appointed Receivers of
tbe above-named corporation by tho Supremo Judicial
Court of Massachusetts. Tho said Court, by Us de
cree dated December 9, 1871, has directed said Re
ceivers to declare and pay a dividend to tho creditors
of said corporation of THIRTY PER CENT upon tho
Just claims of said creditors. Said dividend Is pay
able in Boston ON AND AFTER THE TWENTIETH
OP THE PRESENT MONTH, to such of aaldcred-
Itors as aliall prove their claims, to the satisfaction of
said Receivers, before the first day of March, A. D.
1872.
CHESTER J. REED,
JOHN W. CARTWRIGHT,
OLIVER H. COLE,
Receivers.
NOTICE.
After tills (Into all applications for assistance from
tlio A. T. Stewart Fund, for relief of destitute widows
and single women, will lie made to tlio undersigned by
letter. Applicants will give former residence (if burnt
out), present residence, general circumstances, wants,
and that they are not regularly receiving old from
anv Relief Society, and must bo endorsed by two re
sponsible citizens who know tho statements to be
true. If. S. BOUTON,
standard Hall. Dec. 11.1*71.
FOR SALE.
Sugar-Cored Bacon Hams.
Inst received, a small consignment of the celebrated
"MARYLAND BRAND” of Canvassed, Sugar-Cured
Hama; also, of tho" SIMMS BRAND” of Hams, both
wcll-knowu and highly-appreciated In the Eastern and
Southern cities. They are tolerably heavy, average 14
to 19 lbs; are in choice order; very juicy, and most suit
able for the requirements of hotels and restaurants.
Will be sold at moderate prices in quantities of l tleroe
nxrward. to close consignment, by
HENRY MILWARD CO..
Room 1, No. 100 sixteenth-st
OLD
NEWSPAPERS
FOR SALE AT
Tribune Office,
15 South Canal-st.
BRICK
For sale In quantities to suit, arriving dally; delivery
prompt. Can be seen on cars, cor. Clark and Twelfth
ntß. JOHN F. SCANLAN, KM West Adams-at,
SHOES.
Albany Shoes.
On or before Jan. 1,1572, for tho better occommodatloa
of oar rapidly increasing
Chicago and Western Trade,
wo will open a Branch Salesroom
Corner Hicbigan-aT, and Ilurri
sou-st., up stairs.
thos. Franz? sous.
ggTACTORY—4. 6. 8 and 10 Union-fit.. Albany.N.Y
WANTED^
My Tint
Wanted—Several Copies of the
WEEKI.Y TRIBUNE for several
years past, for which a liberal
price will he paid.
TRIBUNE CO.,
15 South Canal-st., Chicago.
WANTED.
Parties having Houses to rent, furnished orunfur
nlshetl. can obtain good tenants by applying atWW
H. SAMPSON ACO.’S Real Estate and House Rent
Ing Agency. 285 West Madison-st
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION. 7
The copartnership heretofore existing between the
undersigned. under the firm names of Taylor <t Hnrl
lert and C. H. Taylor «t Co., are this day dissolved by
mutual consent. Either party will «l«n milquida
tion. C. H. TA\ LOR.
Chicago, Dec. 13,1871. j. H. HUBLBUT.
Tlio undersigned have this day formed a copartner
ship under the style and firm of J. H. HUBLBUT
CO., for the purpose of carrying on a general commis
sion business, J. H.HURLBUT.
GEO. P. BENSON,
Chicago. Nov. 13 1371. L. 9, VAN VLIET.
Office, 34 and 36 South Canal-st.
DISSOLUTION.
NOTICE— I The public are hereby notified that the
firm formerly known as Henry Dorking Co., hav
ing done business at 58 West Indlana-st, the said firm
bang Henry Durklng and Andrew Hannovle. is this
day dissolved. KENRY DORKING.
Chicago, Dec. 12,1871; ANDREW HANNEVIG.
HOLIDAY GOODS.
HOLIDAY
GOODS.
We have now a full
assortment ot Fine
Watches, Opera Chains,
Necklaces, Lockets, Gold
and Cameo Sets, Ster
ling Silver Ware, Silver
Plated Ware, French
Clocks, Bronzes. Gold
and Silver Head Canes,
&c., &c., at prices lower
than before the fire.
MTSQMCO.,
481 Wabasli-av.
WEST CO.,
Fancy Goods Toys,
•f/ Si, also at SO cents*
274 WestMadison-st., comero£ Morgan.
CHICAGO.
CINCINNATI. NEW YORK.
J. L WAYNE SON,
14 North Canal-st.,
Formerly 190 Lakc-st.,
Sealers in BUILD EES’, CABINET, and
GENERAL HABDWABE, TJPHOL
STEBEES’ GOOES, and TINDEETAK
EBS’ XBNOIING3.
CARD.
In connection with, the above, Sir. Geo.
E. Bliss, formerly of Tyler Bliss and
Jackson Bliss, would he pleased to sea
his former customers and friends.
ATWATER CO.,
TTirotigli tho great fire of Octobers). Rc-ostabUahcd No
vember 15, on the old ground.
No. 175 Randolph-st.,
And ready to fill promptly all orders wo may bo fa
vored with for goods In our lino of
Heavy Hardware, Farming Tools,
CONTBACTOES’ SUPPLIES, Sc.
TO LEASE,
TO LEASE,
For a term of years, a
WELL-LOCATED LOT
on Wasliington-st, near
Chamber of Commerce.
G. S. HUBBARD, Jr.,
70 Solatia Csmal-st.
TO LEASE,
For 079 Y ears.
The lota on which stood "Burch’s Block,” corner of
Lake-st and Wabash-av., having 170 feet on Wabash
av., and 117 feet on Lake st, same on Bentoa-placc on
the east Bide,and which is 40 feet in width. Suitable
for a hotel or four first-class stores. Conditions of
lease liberal. Address Isaac H. BURCH, River
side Hotel, Riverside, lIL
TO RENT.
Brick Store and Basement on
Erdrldgc-conrt, next east of
State-st.; jnst finished. Posses
sion immediately. Apply to
BAIBD BRADLEY,
384 Wabash-av.
TO RENT.
Double Store, No. 7 South Jefferson-st. Apply to
RAND, McNALLY tfc CO., 108 Randolph-st., and 363
Wabash-av.
OFFICES TO RENT
In now brick building adjoining Madlaon-st. Bridge.
Bent low. Immediate possession. KORTON CO;
REMOVALS.
CHURCH’S
lISEKEEPEES’ RESORT’
REMOVED TO
349 STATE-ST.,
(BUBKT DISTRICT,) Near Harrison.
CHICAGO&NORTHWBSTBRH
BAH.WAV CO.
General Freight Agent’s Office
HAS REMOVED TO
140 NORTH UNION-ST.
C. C. WHEELER. Gen. Freight Agent.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
Bools ooJ to
DOGGETT,BASSETT&MS,
HEADGITJASTEBS AS
522 Wabash-av.,
corner Harmon-conrt, are now receiving a new stock of
Boots and Shoes,
and are prepared to supply cus-
tomers.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LEA PEBBEV'S' SAUCE.
Pronounced by Connoisseurs
q«TTia ONI/5T GOOD SAUCE.”
It Improves appetite and digestioivand it is nniival
ed Wo r fe i dsSted by Messrs. LEA PERRINS to
prosecute Ml psrUcs
Agents, New York.
WORSTED 000*03.
BUEEITT SUTTON
253 West Madison-sf,,
Corner Sangamon,
Have now a full line of HOSIER? in
Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s;
NUBIAS, in white and colors; ZE
PHYR WORSTEDS j YARN, in bine,
mixed and colors; Hand-knit Scarfs,
Hoods, Shawls, Leggins, Mittens, &c.
Slippers, Ottomans, Camp Chairs,
Towel Racks, and other goods suita
ble for
Christmas Presents.
We shall remain open nutll S p. 111. until after
the Holiday.*.
HATS, CAPS FOES.
ZOO sets Fine Mink.
100 sets Fine Fitch.
60 sets Royal Ermine.
1.000 sets Alaska Sable.
500 sets Children’s Fors.
600 Wen’sandßays’Petersham,
Astrachan and Dogskin Caps.
1.000 doz. Back and Hid Gloves and
Mittens.
100 Wolf, Buffalo, Beaver, and Fan
cy Robes.
59 61 West Washington-st.
SWEET, DEMPSTER U CO.
BANK NOTE ENGRAVING.
THE
filial Bat file Go.,
(Incorporated November, 1859),
NO. I WALL-ST., NEW YORK,
Engraving and Printing of Dank Notes,
Drafts, Certificates of Stock. Checks, State,
County, and Railroad Ronds, Bills of Ex*
cliango, Postnao Stamps, Insurnnco Poli
cies. Railroad Papers, and Commercial Pa
pers in tbo highest stylo of tho art. with
SPECIAL SAFEGUARDS derived by the
Company and patented TO PREVENT
COUNTERFEITING AND ALTERA
TIONS. All Steel Plates, engraved and
printed by the Company, aro warranted to
give 30,000 good impressions, without charge
for repairs, GP*No Agency in Chicago.
FINANCIAL.
City Comptroller’s Office,
Chicago, Dec. 13,1871.
Tlie City of Cliicago offers lor sale $230,000 of Illinois
State Bonds. They bear six per cent interest, payable
semi-annually,andaro redeemable at the pleasure of
tho State, after three years. Interest on them com*
mcnces Jan. 1, 1572, and both principal and interest
are payable in New York.
Scaled proposals lor tho whole or any portion of tho
Bonds Jwill be received .at the Comptroller’s Office
until tho 20th of December, 1571, at noon, at which
Umo they will bo opened, and tho wliolo amount
awarded to tho highest bidder or bidders, provided
said proposals ore not below pur.
GEO. TAYLOR,
City Comptroller.
NOTICE.
BEDEMPTION OF 5-20 BONDS OF 1862.
Treasury depaktmknt, I
Dec. 7,1371. J
By virtue of the authority given by an Act of Con
gress approved July 14. IS7O, entitled “An Act to
authorize the refunding of tho national debt,” here
by give notice that the principal and accrued Interest
of tho bonds hcreln-bclow designated, known as Fivo
twenty Bonds, will bo paid at the-Treasury of tho
United States, in tho city of Washington, on and after
tho 7th day of March, JBT2, and that tho interest on
said bonds will ccaao on that'day. That Is to say.
Coupon Bonds known as tho SECOND SERIES, Act
of February 25,1862, dated May 1,1562, as follows;
SSO from No. 1 to No. 54C0, both Inclusive.
SICO from No. 1 to No. 13093, both inclusive.
SSOO from No. 1 to No. TDG4. both inclusive.
St,CCO from No. Ito No. 11120, both inclusive.
And Registered Bonds of tho same Act, as follows:
ico from No. 60C to No. 697. both inclusive.
SIOO from No. 4101 to No. 5079. both Inclusive.
Scco from No. ISW to No. 2433. both inclusive.
Si,CCO from No. 5907 to No. 111,008, both inclusive.
$-5,000 from No. 2666 to No. 3402, both inclusive.
Sio.coo from No. 2907 to No. 3599. both inclusive.
Of the amount outstanding (embraced in tho num
bers os above) sixteen million ($16,000,000) dollars are
Coupon Bonds, and four million 000,000) dolhirs are
Registered Bonds.
Coupon Bonds of tho Act of February 25,1562, were
issued In four distinct series. Bonds of tho first series
(all of which have been previously called for redemp
tion) do not bear the scries designated upon them,
while those of tho SECOND, third, and fourth series
aro dlstictly marked on tho face of tho Iwnda.
United States Securities forwarded for redemption,
should bo addressed to- the Loan division,” Secre
tary’s office, and all Registered Bonds should bo as
signed to tho Secretary of tho Treasury for redemp
tion.” GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
MONEY TO LOAN
on collateral security, by E. JACOBS, 23 Qulncy-st,,
between State and Dearborn. Office hours, from 9is
rooming t!U4lnthft evening.
WOEK WANTED!
All persons who want laborers
or mechanics of any kind, are
urgently requested to apply to
J. M. HITCHCOCK, Superin
tendent Employment Bureau of
Belief and Aid Society, Court
House Square, comer La Salle
and Washington-sts.
111 SFJiCM
LOVE JOY FOSTER,
309 W. Bandolpli-st., near Carpenter,
have the largest and most varied nssortraeat in the
city; also VIEWS BEFORE THE FIRE; wholesale
and retail. Stereoscopic, Artistic, Cabinet, Cards,
and largo sizes. Also n full Hue of Stereoscopes ani
Views of all kinds for Holiday Trade.
NOTICE.
COMMITTEE OP SPECIAL RELIEF,
Church of the Messiah, I
(Corner Wabash-av. and Hubbard-court,) f
CHICAGO, Dec. 2,157 L j
In view of the fact that applicants for relief are naw
permitted to apply to the District Superintendents by
letter, without personal attendance at the depots, no
further necessity exists for any applications for sup.
plies being made to the Special Committee, and, from
and after the 9th Inst, (under instructions from the
Executive Committee to that effect), the work of the
Special Committee will be exclusively limited to appli
cations for aid in purcluuing sowing machines, and to
affonling relief in special cases, by the payment of
money to applicants who have received no other relief,
In finch coses and for such amounts as have been
authorized by the Ezecntlvo Committee.
E. C. DARNED, Chairman.
Grand Duke Alexis.
A splendid tinted lithograph of the GRAND DUSE
ALEXIS, of Rufiflia, will be given away to all persona
calling for it. at the TEA STORE of the Great Allan
tic and Pacific Tea Co.,
114 We«t Washington-st.
Bridges, Roofs, &c.,
The Michigan Bridge and Construction Co. are pre
pared to erect wooden, iron, or combination roofs or
bridges at short notice.
Correspondents please address Michigan Bridge and
Construction Co., Detroit. Mich.
To Exchange,
City Real Estate for Drags and Fixtures. Address
S W. No. 565 State-st.
BUSINESS CHAJJCES^^.^
RARE CHANCE
For Manufacturers.
FOB SALE-The Works OrMnM.l
Lead and Oil Co., situated on tiro corue
Fnlton-Bts. We will u J mnnieg tuU time,
tcrest. •’imi Parries havleg
on Linseed Oil,
“P, lUd t T' ,??SiSedOU MdWUto Lead badness,
embark In the Linseed ELATCIIFOIID C O..
ntiultool -a- re North CUnton st
RESTAURANT.
HOTEL TABLE
At the Imperial Parlors, 584
Wabash-av. 50 cts. per meal.
CHICAGO TRIBOXE.
Eiapjiiiii.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR,
In Large Clubs.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1373
Tho WeeklytChirsgo Tribune, for the ytat isr» -mil
consist of first-elms original and
ter, embracing tho latest ncvrj by toJegrnnh an J
moil, down to the hour of goto, pnM edJ
torlala, correspondence, reports of the bto
eeedlngs of Congress and of the Legislatures of
the Western States, and of Important pnbllo
meetings and political speeches, fluandali and
commercial Intelligence, reports of the grain,
provision, Inrabcr, dry goads, cattle, and gen*
eral markets, notices of now publications, and
other literary and m&celhuieoos Intelligence*
It will also contain weekly summaries of information
concern big Uxo work of
REBTJILDIBFG CHICAGO,
And restoring Its former greatness after its late de
vastation by tiro.
The year 1572, it will be remembered, is a
PRESIDENTIAL YEAR,
And the campaign will, in all probability, be as excit
ing as any that has transpired-sinco tbo outbreak of
the late war. The Chicago Triucse will uphold sad
defend tbo principles of the Republican party with
its accustomed vigor and earnestness. Oar platform
consists of:
Equal nod exact Jnstlee/at'tbe ballot-box and
before the law, to all men* without distinction
of race or eolor*
Amnesty for all political .offences connected
with the rebellion*
A tariff for pnbllc revenne only*
Preservation of- the public lands for neraa)
settlers under the Pre-emption
laws..
Opposition to monopolies of ©very deserf?-
lion, and to corruption in every form.
Sach reform of the civil service as shall make
men and fitness* Instead of partisan zeal or per
sonnl favoritism*! the test of preferment to
Federal offices.
Oar readers, and the pnbllo generally, are so w©
acquainted with tho tone and quality of Tns Chicago
Tribune, that wo need not enlarge upon that subjects
Near the close of the 22th year of oar existence as a
public journal, we had tho misfortune. In common
•with a largo majority of the business community of
Chicago, to bo burned out, losing thereby the most
commodious newspaper building In tho United- States*
and being deprived, temporarily, of tho aso of oar ex
tensive printing machinery. We have commenced n,
building our mined edifice on on a more enduring plau'_
than before, and we have effected arrangements for the
nso of machinery which practically gives ns the aa*c
facilities that we possessed before the fire. Upon o-\
cupatlon of our new building and machinery Tr?.
Tribune will bo Issued as an octavo, and contain
pages of reading matter.
The Weekly Tribune will bo published regnU#K
as heretofore each Wednesday upon tho following
TERlUS—Payable In Advance*
Slngle'copy, one year
Five copies, one year.
Ten copies, one year
Twenty copies, one year, and ou extra copy;
gotter-np of club.. i.i.
Fifty copies, one year, and a copy of daily one
year to getter-np of dab.
Single copy, one year.
Five copies, one year
Ten copies, one year.................
DAILY:
stTigiß copy, per annum
SXJ2*D.A.Y EDITION:
Single copy, per annum.—
SEND FOR POSTER iSD S TUPLE COPIES'
TRIBUNE CO., Cliicajjo, Hl*
No publication of abore Prospeems will
be acknowledged nates* ordered direct
rom oar office.
Clifton House
NORTHWEST CORNER Of
wisfliiTi mb mm**'
W. A. JENKINS, Prop riel
H. F. KITTREDGE.
St. James Hotel,
W. ffllffi Ai POIMS,
The only first-class, well-fur
nished Hotel on the South Side..'
hue table.
Arrival and Departnre of Trains*
WmiES AERASeEXENI
Olich. Central Great 'Western Railways
Depot—Foot of Twenty-second-st. Ticket office, 71
Canal-aL, comer Madison.
Leave. Arrive.
Mall (via main and airline)...—* 6:l3am 847pm
Fast New York Express 9*13 a m 7:17 p a
Jackson Accommodation (dally) 3»8 p m 1042 a a
At. Ex. (dally) via Air Lino. 5:23 p m 7:17 a m
Night Express. 4*903 pm }&l7am
1 Batnraayezoented. Sunday excepted. fMonday
excepted. HENRY aWENTWORTH,
Genera. Passenger Agent
Illinois Central.
On and otter Nov. is, isn. and until nrtber notice,
passenger trains will leave and arrive at Depot, foot of
Twenty-second-st, as follows?
Leave. Arrivo.
St. Louis Express. .*9tWan 8:50 pal
St. Louis Fast Lino f 7:iopm 7:10 arm
Cairo Mail 9:3oam B;soptt
Cairo Express t 7:lopm 7:lo mm
Springfield Express 0:30 a m 3:sopm*
Springfield Express 1 7:lcam 7:loam-’'•
Keokuk Pa55enger...............t 7:10 pm 7:loaa‘
Gilman Passenger .r......* 5:25pm 9:10 art
Hyde Park and Oak Woods... 6:20 am 7JS a m
do do do ......-1230 pm *-9:10 a a
do do do 3:10 pm *L3Spa'
do do do 5:25 pm 645 p m
do do do 745 pa
♦Sundays excepted. tSaturdays ezeeptei
Chicago, Rock Island dfe Pacific Ratlroatfa
Depot—Comer Van Boren and Sherman-rtar
ticket Office—23 West Madison-at. t
Pacific Express .......*IO4O a m 4d?da
Peru Accommodation -t3opm.. .*9:4sa*
Pacific Express pm. I■* 7
Leavenworth Express *10:00 a m
An elegant parlor sleeping car Is attached to
running through to Council B1 _
Chicago and Alton Railroad-*Chicago, i'
tit. Loots Through Line and Louisian
New tibort Rente between Chicago an.
sas City.
Usioh Depot—West Side, near Madiaoa-st 1
St Louis <t Springfield Ex., via
Main Line.. *9:15 a m
Kan was City fast Ex via Jackson
ville, ILL,andLonslana, M0..*9:15am 4
Wenona, Lacoa a Washington j
bx. (Western Division) -.T-wiaam 1
Joliet Accommodation *4:lopm 1
St Louis <t Springfield Night Ex.
via Main line.. {6:3opm
St Louis «fcSprinllfleld Lightning
Ex. via Main Line, and also
via Jacksonville Division.— *94opm I
Eflnsaa City Ex. via Jacksonville __
111., ana Lonslana, Mo— *94pP®
♦Except Sunday. 10n aandav rmro to Spr
only, Saturday. J Dolly. BExcept, a
Lake Shore dk Michigan Southern Roil
r St.^S!SSSS^im.
Mft! i 6:40 am MOjmu
SwiiinowYorkExpress ..'MO&m 8.-00p m
A SSIS-Wak) “JJS
Night Express T9a»pm
Chicago, Ltnrlinjtlim dfc Quincy Railroad
Ticket Office in Briggs Honso, 'cor. Canal, and Jfxf,
laftnlata. Depot cor, of Indtaca-av. and Sixteenths
Wan and Express..... 7:3oam «4:lsi!«if
Fast Line *34Dpm
rtalcflbnrg Passenger 340 pm fcio p
MendoU«t Ottawa Passenger.- 420pm 945an6-.
Aurora Passenger t sij£ p a &38
Pacific Nigh: Express .4 9;£»pm 7:45 am
1:30 am"
HownefsOroveAccommouation* 1:15 pm 6:15 f:ji
Downer's Grove Accommodation* 805 pm 7J151 <a
Riversula andHlns*lale. 646 am 945 a a
•Sundays excepted. {Saturdays excepted. IKeadswg
excepted.
Chicago* Danville ds Vincennes BaQrost V
s£jlwackke Depot—Comer Canal and sC-V
West Side. Freight Office at 0., C. &L C. C«*H*
office, corner Hoisted and Carroll streets. 1
Evansville <fe Terre HantsExprcsa.7:oo am 3.
Momence Accommodation ..........5:05 p m Ss*J am.
Chicago <S; Northwestern Railway.
Ticket Ofllce—Southeast comer of niarv ana Lakt
Bta. 1..
Clinton Passenger. -840 am -A4C m
Pacific last line -10:45 am *±ls p m
Pacific night express f 9:45 p m i ?-yi g m
Fort Dodge ang Dubuque
express. _ *940 p m *240 m
Sioux City and Dubuque ex.. -9:00 am 7:15 am
Milwaukee mail _ *B4O a m *10:10 a m
Milwaukee express *9:45 a m *440 n m
Milwaukee passenger *640 p m *7.-40 n m
Milwaukee passenger (dally). 1140 p m 840 a m
Greenßay express *IO4O a m *7OB n m
Green Bay *540 p m *fik; i
•Sunday ezoenied. i Saturday* do. tMonday* aa
SCALES.
FAIRBANKS’
ITT} STANDAiUJ
yP SC A SkEr,
IBgTpi or All Size*.
Fairbanks, Greenleaf C*.
U »ODXH CAMAMT.
:ous.
iftj
TRI-WEEKLY:
HOTELS.
50.00
8.00
~r.