6
The Chicago Tribune.
Til T, NOVKMUKK 1. 1,71.
THE DVNMF.n CONVENTION.
The double sorebeaded convention was in
vorse confusion yesterday than on any pre
ceding day of its sorebeaded existence. Nearly
all the candidates cither declined tboir nomina
tions or were forced off the ticket. Early in the
day Alderman Holden, the nominee for Mayor,
went for the scalp of Charles 11. Ham, the nom
inee for City Treasurer, and captured it. Then
letters were received from Lambert Tree and
Ira IV". Boell declining to bo considered candi
dates on that ticket lor Judges of the Circuit
•and Superior Courts. Then the convention
nominated Mr. S. M. Nickerson for City Treas
urer, and be declined. Then they nominated
K. K. Jones for that plate, and he made a
speech, saying that be intended to ad
minister the office according to law, and not
in the irregular manner which Mr. Gage had
pursued, by which the assembled soreheads an-
■leratood that he intended to pocket the interest
on the city deposits, whereat they applaaded
lustily. Ur. Jones, by the way, was a citizen of
Adams County, one year ago, and for a long
time previously. Whether he has resided hero
long enough to be legally qualified to hold tbo
officeof City Treasurer, is a question to be looked
into.
Finally, after most of the delegates had re
tired, supposing that the work of the conven
tion bad been finished, the few remaining ones
reconsidered the nomination of Mr. Har
toag as Police and Fire Commissioner,
and nominated Mr. Fred Gnnd, the incum
bent of that office at the time Chicago
was burned. Probably a less popular nominee
st tbe present time could not have
boon fonnd. Mr. Gnad was’ rejected
by the Union Committee because they
believed that he was not acceptable to the 75,000
people whose houses were consumed under his
administration, and because they-did not regard
him an efficient disciplinarian of the Police and
Fire Departments. If the soreheads think they
have added strength to "their ticket by tbe re
nomination of Gaud, they arc prodigiously mis
taken. Hartung, unfit us he was. wit«, at least,
unknown, and might have got votes by reason
of his insignificance. Nr. Gund cannot do so,
His fame is as wide as the burnt district.
The vacancies in ihe'Judgeships were filled
tv tbe nomination of Mr. Atwood (Chairman of
the convention) for the Circuit Court, and Mr.
Klliolt Anthony for the Superior Court. The
name of Mr. Atwood we never happened to hear
of before tbe so-called convention presented
him for our suffrages for this important office.
"Mr. Anthony ia a respectable lawyer and citi
zen. and ho must feel that he is in strange com
pany after the fire. He was burned out, along
with ibe rest, on that'fatal Monday morning, but
he did not suffer as much then as he will now,
if he joins the scalawags in their effort to clutch
the public treasury, and break down with their
dead weight the credit of Chicago.
On the whole, the ticket has not been im
proved by yesterday’s wrangle. It still repre
sents the worse elements of fcuth parties. Mr.
Holden himself, wc arc informed by Aldermen
who have fought against the nefarious jobs tc
the Common Council, has generally ruled in the
interest of the “nineteen.*' although not openly
voting with them until the Walker water-lot
purchase came to the front. In his office as
Chairman of the Council, as wo are creditably
informed, he decided all points of order in
favoroftbe “nineteen,*’and gave them all the
advantages that could he given by a presiding
officer, really in league with them, though os
tensibly opposed to them. When the Walker
purchase came up he voted openly with them,
because his vole was needed, and he is still in
favor of consummating that ilagitions scheme.
The people will take good care that ho docs
not b iv* the opportunity.
FATAL ACCIDENT.
Ono of tho Workmen Engaged In Do
mollainbff ‘The Tribune Building Precip
itated to tbe Basement and Almost In
stantly Killed.
It is with mom than ordinary sorrow that we are
compelled to chronicle, this morning, the accidental
killing of a young man raon-d Xavier Martin, aged
only year*, who came to hi- death while at work on
Tub Tniuor. BnildSo?, hi? over-realoos endeavors
t»*inz the tr,direct cnUr-o of hi- death. Acting under
the direction? of the contractor, he proceeded In
eonipany with another laborer earned William Law,
t»» nn.-h down a portion “f thcwsll between the ?ec
ou-l and Ihinl-torie?. They inturtwl tholr crowbars
in a crack in the wall, and by a vigorous effort dl?-
lodged the maiHri.ry. With* it fell the pier which
-upported an iron beam on which the floor rested.
sti.i the two men fell through the floor to th« ba?o
--n..-nt, alighting on a pile of bricks and ntbbNh. The
workmen on removing the debris*found both men
-tunned by «ho tall. Martin was bleeding profusely
from a wound in the the thigh, and before medical
riMistr.nco could be rendered bled lo death. An
:-ou spike bud.sevcred tbe femoral artery. Law wa?
vut and bruised terribly, but bnpcs are entertained of
h>- recovery. He was taken to the County Hospital.
Martin was quite vonng, and leaves no widow to
mourn bis lost*. Ilia mother, however, le living in
Kankakee t'-oanty. and hi- brothir. who was doing
similar work on another building, was notified of the
horrible accident. An isqnest was held upon ths
body, and e verdict rendered in accordance with the
alwve firis.
TOE CITY IX IHtIEF.
Welcomed with Open Arms.
Among thenamesof the missing Immediately after
the fire, was that of Mr. E. F. Carpenter, of Foxboro,
Mass., who was supposed to have been a victim of
the fire. Ilia supposed death canted the most pro
found regret for tome days, but at length the sorrow
ot his friei)dewa**changcd to joy by a *uecpatch from
h-m, stating that he was alive and well. A public
reception was tendered him at Foxhoro. when nearly
the whole town tamed on; to welcome him. His
►pucioufl grounds and boose were thronged
throughout the whole day by friends
anxious to express to bun lUcir gratification at his re
turn among them. The ceremonies in the Town
Hal*., wneio the formal reception wa* given, were of a
mod appropriate and affecUef^ltnrc.’
Belief Items.
W. Knabf- C.0., the piano mannfhctcrcr*. of Balti
more, tnbecribod SLIM for the Chicago Relief Fund;
their workmen, 51-015: and the workmen of Joliui
Bauer A Co., MW).
—The paper-hanging fraternitv of Philadelphia have
dtppaited J1.2.M.W, jiayablc to.sight drafts of David
T. walker, to be expended in relieving the necessities
q.ftliooc connected with the paper-hanging trade in
Chicago.
—The citizen* of Hyde Park have organized a Be
lief S.Kuety-auxillary to the Relief Society of Chica
go— compo-ed of thiee department** visitation, dls
mbuUott.and a sewing circle, all working.together
"m an Executive Committee. The following are the
officer?. and committees: Homer N. Bjbbara, Presi
dent; Nathan B. Dodson. Secretary and Treasurer
Visitor-—llcv. D. S. Johnson, Rev. T. K. Coleman
Dr. J. A. Flood. Dr. Wm. S. John
*<ia. Mrs. W. F. Gray, and MireJS. Fitch. Dls
rriLutioa—Mas. John Bemmer, Mrs. \X. H. Aokcrman.
Mi-. A. D. WaUaon. Sirs. O. A. Bogue. for Kenwood
Station; Mrs. ■fc. Hopkins. Mr*. E. T. Root, Mrs.
A. B- Van DorcWT Mrs. K. S. Thompson, and Mrs.
Adams, for Hyde Park Station: Mrs. S. F. Farrington.
Mrs. J. C. Ball, and Mrs. C. 11. Motx, for Sooth Park
station: Mrs. James Wadewurtb. Mrs. Winnc, and
Mr*. Tl-.rber, for Woodlawn: MB* laabella Sinnaa
and Mira Ttieslia for Brookline; Mrs.E. G. Clark
snd Mrs. J. el ilevve*. for Sooth Chicago, and Mr*,
Jr*. 11. Bowen for Kensington District. Executive
*’ouiniliie<—UcmerN. Hibbard, Chairman: Nathan
B DtMaon. Secretary David S. JohneOn. of Visitors;
Mrs. John Bcmim-r. of Distributor*. and Mr*. N. B.
-tujd, of Sewing Circle.
Announcement*.
Th' Directors and Manager* of tb.* Half Orphan
Av.ltim »re reqne-'.cd to meet at lh«* the new aeylutn
on Nunh Ilriat«d, near Centre street, at 11 o'clock on
-S.ISI .-rtaj morning.
--7 he Ikiard of Managers of the Old Ladies* Homo
w.-i mwt this aftvruooo. at 3 o'clock, at the usual
j»*. re.
-Tie Oilceeo Stall Conprepitlnn will meet for
poii,heienjoy momlm; celt, .t SUndanl Hill.
Ur. K. Koh.tT wIU dc.Wer the inangnml bormoa.
,*7V' n tilf r 9r m c or^an r the Presbyterians of
the Northwest will resume publication on Thor*-
n y, l i o V mbcrl> Cil r are requested to
rend their now street addresses by mall to the Rev
Arthur Swarey. No. m Ashland areno-
—The Evanston College for Ladlea, of which MU.
France* K. AVillard Is
drcod tales for sufferers by the fire. Thcnricofor
toluon w now reduced to |SS for the half term -com
ir.coctng on November 1, and the cost of board and
incidents!* js brought down almoetto actual cot-p-
Fourteen Bichmonda' In the Field.
Chicago ia well represented ini the lecture field
mot sow. Mrs. Anna Cowell. Mrs. Olivia Plows
Vtn« Myra Hull. Ml-9 L. C. Perklna, Prof. Mcrov,
Or. Note. Kev. Alvin Bartlett, Mrs. A. L. Scaulan,
Mr. A. P. Burbank, Mrs. M. L. Kayne, Mrs. Anna
Uvinodon, Rtv. Dr. Miner Raymond, Rev. M. M.
I’arkhuret. and 1). L. Moody, arc travelling about the
country telling the people what they saw at Thu
Pin. ClviUxa-lon can't complain of lack of Informa
tion regarding the catastrophe, though it may find
treuble in Cumblning the various accounts.
Found Browned.
Th* body of a man was found floating in the river,
near Indiana street bridge, yesterday afternoon. Dc
ceased was dressed In black cassimere p«Dta £and
tost, and vest of the tame color. Ba was about 42
years of age, S lect 6 inches in height, and bad aandy
whisken and brown hair. In bis eoat pocket was a
blank book, between the leaves of which was a ticket
reading aa follows “October 14th, 1871.—Admit
JsmM Hail aod wife to stay aod lodge In the church.
M. E. Cole." On the fir leaf was tho name Sarah
Augo*ta Morrison Hall, North Georgetown, province
of Qoebcck. Canada."
To bd Balzed.
The work of raising the hark FontoneUe. which
was burned aod sank at Fplk street bridge on tho"
uihht of The Fire, will be commenced in a day or
t**o. She was owned In Cleveland, aod wortn about
f 15.000. Her cargo consisted of 300 tops pf. aand
-tone. The consignees think that the.,eUmc was
beared fco much that It cracked and became nselcee,
tat they Intend to remove It. The bark Boa in the
rLeanef, bet there is sufficient room loallowth*
of ve*e)s. If her hail ianoi badly da—'■god
*Lfc will bo rebuilt.
Alisoeliaseons.
Oners] McCreary, Adjutamt General- of Jtenasyi-.
vuia.' Uat Ihe Tremont Honbe.
—Hon. Andrew S. Bllmorc. of Wiscooein. and
(100. Thr-moe i. Mcrriflcld, ot Indiana, aro at the
liters Hoaae.
aU.>rr< raa remor, last evening, that two men
hadbeenkl!»Mbytho frlllnc of await on Wabash
avcmio. A tcaruh for information In regard
to the nrcirienU was marie, but'nothing worn be
learned. The rei>ort was iiudoubtodly faDo.
““The Honlh Side Ca» Company will not rebuild
I heir work* at the comer of Adams and Market
sheets. In a week or two the machinery now there
will bo rcmov-nl. The North Side worka are of
sufficient capacity to supply alt the go* needed in tbo
two divWout*.
—Patrick Jennings. who atabltcd Timothy O’ll&l
--lortum. bAkuvpcr of tin* r-aloon No. 33 lilac Island
avenue, on Tuesday night, wa« arrested yesterday.
Be had a bearing at the West Hide Police Court, and
was held In hall fer further examination. The other
rough who was* concern l "d iu the affray Is still at Urge.
—fbc Coroner held au Inquest, yesterdav. on the
body of Jacob Klloe. who died at No. 236 South Clin
ton street, na Monday night, from the effects of blow#
on the bead, received on the Wednesday following
the fire. The circumstances of the case were given
In yesterday's Tribune. Tbu men who attacked and
struck blm have not yet been arrested.
—An engineer in the employ of the Northwestern
Railroad Company was killed near the corner of
Chicago avenue and Balsted streets, yesterday morn
ing. He was oiling bis engine while It waa In mo
tion, and mining bis foothold, slipped and fell on
the track, the wheels passing over his body and
crushing blm. Bis remains were taken to the
Uo-gne to await the actlonof the Uoronsr.
—A derrick, which was In operation on the south
west corner of Monroe and Dearborn streets, fell
down ye«‘ordsy moraine, striking the top of a pass
ing oxnnlbns, and throwing the driver Into the street.
The vehicle was full of people, but the strength of its
roof {•rotected them from Injury. Tbo driver was. It
is said, seriously hurt. Who he is, or what became
of him, coaid nut be learned.
NEW YORK.
Garvey Reported as Having
Gone to Europe.
The Mayor of Brooklyn Declines to
Step Out and Fight"
Daily Review of the Leading
Markets.
Special Despatch to the Chlcigo Tribane.
New York, Nov. I.—Gold opened at aud
sold up (o 11SS'. though few sales went beyond 112**.
The pmrhsec of fire millions yesterday caused a rush
to-day for cash gold, and tbe Gold Room was tho cen
tre of a lively c>owd. I.onsa were made on the basis
of H of 1 per cent per diem. A large amount of time
gold haa also matured, which Intensified the scarcity.
Government bonds are steady; 6s.’Bl,ll6ijallG>*;
5-lOs, *B2, ex. coupon, 114^a114*,: 5-SOs, *65, old, ex.
coupon, lUHalll*£ 1565, new. lia;iaUS?i; 10-t0?,
ICOalftt*.
The situation in the Gold Room effected foreign
exchange, which was heavy and lower. Bwty days*
sterling were aold at 106)*.
The money market was steady in the afternoon at
7 per cent on call. Prime mercantile paper was
quoted at 13 to 15 per cent, and some good names
sold aa high aa 8-1 per cent.
Stocks for investment were dull end steady, with
hut slight variation from yesterday's quotations. St.
Joseph Jfc Denver City Railroad 8 per cent bonds
were iuact.vc demand at 075-J and accrued interest.
ITo the Associated Prcia.]
New York, Nov. I.—Thomas A. Lcdwlth haring
accepted the Tammany nomination for Supreme
Court Judge, resigned, last night, hia membership
of tho Committee of Seventy. HU resignation ex
cited much comment.
The order of arrest which had boon issued against
James Fisk, Jr.,charged with using funds bclon'ria"
to lire. Josephine Mansfield, while acting la 2diT
clary capacity. was nerved yesterday afternoon, by
Deputy Sheriff Jarvis. At i o'clock Mr. Jarvis walk
ed Into Fisk's room, at tho Grand Opera House, and
addressing bln prisoner, said I have au order for
your arrest. It in granted In the Milt of Mis. Helens
Josephine Mansfield agalmt you I" Fi?k laughed
bcartly. “So it's Mamtiold again, is it? Well. I
have bondsmen here,” and he called Charles
Robinson, of Flshkill, nnrt \V. B. Blanch ird
each of whom qualified as bondsmen
and both were accepted. The amount ot bail in
$35,000. A loiter /root Mm Mansfield, to Fisk, up
braids him for perfidy; any* It is a shame to cumpid
her, who grew up with him from nothing to the now
great Erie Impros-srio, to vindicate herself in court;
refer? to hia scheme revealed to her, some years ago,
of stealing the Eric book?; auj how, when ho was
buying the New York Legislature, he Mid U would
remit in either a Fisk palace iu New York or a stone
palace at Slug Sing, requesting her, if it was the
latter, totakc a collage outside the prison. She is
willing to bare her affairs arbitrated by William M.
Evarts, but says if his power over the courts'is sttli
supreme, Tammany i? stiil able to protect him, and
tiie reward may still bo hi?.
The J/T/i.-ahnt-information from the Captain of tho
steamer Hermann, which culled hence tor Bremen.
September Si. leading to a belief that Andrew J,
Garvey and wile w«-m out In that steamer under the
assumed name of Wacdona'd." and upon his arrival
at Hitmen he proceeded to Basle. Iu Switzerland.
The Tfrfl<vr also says: A letter was received at this
oflice, yesterday, Irom a genliem n in Bremen, in
which tlw; wrilerriau-d tli.it he had met a Mr. Jus*
sen. of Chicago, who had told him of n suspicious
porK-noa lhe steamship Ilvrtnanti.and gave the same
tarts, as derived from t he Captain of the steamer.'*
The grand Jury was dismissed yesterday, without
finding an iudictmeat again-t Tweed. Hia case will
be brought before tho new grand jury, to be Im
paneled on Monday next, before Judge Bedford.
Deputy Comptroller Green declines to pay th>
Police Justice? and Clerks, on tho ground that thev
haw been overpaid, as the !ncrva?od salaries which
ihey have been receiving, under the vote of the Com
mon Council, were In contravention of the law. Un
der this decision, they will not receive any salary for
several months to come.
On account of the intone?? of the ssnson. the New
York Yacht Club have postponed, until next year, the
raw fur the UetuitU challenge cup. to Newport and
bark.
Mr. Ashbaty admits that ho lost the Queen's cup,
but contends that the committed not run the race
in a sportsman-llke niaimur. He will make no claim
for the cop. and will not come back hero next year.
Governor Randolph, of New Jersey, di'clluca an
swering the eulpoena from the Court of Chancerv, in
the case in which the railroad monopoly la ir.tcrcs.ed,
as the question involves the gul>omatori&l right to
refuse tinning bill*.
Tmrvrwdt had not returned at a late hour last night.
HU friends claim that be will return to-day and give
the Dvcvssary bail for his reappearance.
The Hobukcu CommoD Council have ordered the
bone railways lotu tip, as ibe company bare not
paid license.
Id tbe Supreme Court, to day, mgiutomu* watts
cued orderin'; the payment of *500,000 in favor of Ibo
Department of Public Parka.
The i-tntomcni it made, founded on warrants paid
by the Broadway Bank, that Ingcrtoll and Garvey, in
depositing. invariably gate -12 percent to Woodward,
34 to Tweed. and kept at for themselves.
Governor Hoffman changes Thanksgiving Day troift
November 33 to November 30.
At a meeting of the Board of Health to-day, a proc
lamation wa» adopted declaring the port j of Charles
ton and Key Weal tobe infected ports, on arcoant of
yellow fe\or. The proclamation ip to extend Quar
antine regulation- to the flth of November.
Tho Committee of 70 desire coulrlbn;j 0n 9 defray
Ihj: iijicnfc, their tiectlun billoU.
There vras some excitement *among po Uicltna in
Brooklyn, to-day. in consequence of an attack ..nthe
school mistresses in Brooklyn, appearing in the
Jovt mil, edited by Delmar. formerly Director of the
Butvan of Statistic*, at Washington. Tho charge
was that Isdy ttrthsrawcre pim to suit iuO vtle pur
pose* of men in power. A sob-committee of
the Democratic General Committee, waited
upon tho Mayor saving the article had iteen dictated
by him. ThU tho Mayor denied. Register McLangh-
lin, spokesman of the party, then challenged fixe
Mayor to come Into th» street; declaring! hat If ho did
be would knock tho Mayor's hand off. There are “us
plcions that tho Mayor had *omethlng to do with tbc
■tnblicAiion. and McLaughlin threatens to nso a cow
hide ifhe discovers the real author of tbo libel.
Yesterday a petition was presented for Jotter* of
administration by the heirs of Annoke Jana. Tho
petition disputes the title to the Trinity Church
property.
At a meeting of the Hoard of Fire Commia-lonere
to-day. a htatement was road representing the deport
ment as entire ly liaukrupt. The board wants money
to make payments to employe*. There was nothin"
definite decided.
cv ior I—Governor Bullock, of Georgia,
is In this city. He slate* that his resignation was in
tended as a move to thwart tbc schemes ofbia po
litical enemseu in their efforts to control the State;
that It bad been determined on long ago. He
asserts that there is no foundation to
the charges aralnst him; that he soon
return* to Georgia, and will demand
Investigation. He will not permit himself tobe ar
rested m iteorgia, as els friends thinks his political
enemies would probably cause a mob to Kn-Kmx him.
In a letter, dated Atlanta. October 33, he refer* at
length to the charges, and exposes tho plans formed
by iiio political enemies so bring disaster# on the
At the tneetiugof the Greeley Republican Conven
tion. to-night, resolutions were passed condemning
the action of tho Committee of Seventy in striking
off the names of three or four Aldennanlc candidate*
S“ri?d by the organization on tbo county ticket, and
eclariog adherence to the original ticket It i*
stated that the other wing of the Republican*, as
well a* the Reformer*, are dissatisfied with the altera
tions of the ticket by the Committee of Seventy
Tpc German Grant Committee to-night endorsed
O Donovan Roesa for Senator.
The lowu of Fulton subscribed fI.OX) la.-l ovonlnc
for the IfonliMCnlctn►nffcrcrs.
To day, the second for regii-iratior. 65.050 voter*
hare recltlercd. On the first dav tK.737 wer* recU
u*red. Total regirlaallon to date, 91.81 G. Two dare
still remain to receive the names of voters. The to
lalYegistration last yearwas lie.foo.
Thcrrwa«a ereat deal of eomnu m in the city to
day upon the Man>dcld-Flak correspondence Rev
elations are exported damaging to tho
Erie ofiidaU as well as Tweed, Swocnov
and other Tamtnsnylics. Flak attempt* to
renly to the Mansfield letter by declaring that tho
suit Is an attempt to cwtori money from him He
wa* tc-day busy in preparing bis defense, bolding
coueulta.lou with legal gentlemen.
UTAH.
iiaHlie Feellns Anoay cite nsmsat at
Salt I.al<e-AB Expedition Preparlav (o
Follow aad Captnre Brlfhan Tonnx-
Sail Lake, Nov, i.—To-day everythin" I? pacific,
aod there la not the least probability in
*hta' city ofaa outbreak ot difficulty.
The Mormons all dbclalm the most remote
Intention of resisting the law or opposing the Unitod
btates omi-ers in the iwrformance of their duties,
dodge McKean** course in admitting Mayor Weils to
mu fa admitted In aH quarters to be eminently wise
is foQnfl for refusing bail for
KJuball, altloogh It is notdocmijd that
MayorWoHg 01 clr greater than that of
Mtrthal Palrick is preparing
if fo,s w “d arrest Brigham Young-
Ilcllabk) reports are to the effect that Young la gull
SS*J*S having With him eleren wagS«
and 100 armed men mounted
The appointment of Geo. C. Bates as United States
Prosecuting Attorney for Utah la opposed hr both
the Mormon and Gei-tllc press.
Bnrioes* la doll and money tintucallv scare*
Weather delsbtfnl. 3 7 KWCf
War Department Weather Report.
Washington. Nor. The area of hi*h barometer
in the Ohio, valley will pr bably more north and
east, with brisk northerly wicd« to-night for a
abort time from Virginia to New York, followed by
partially cloudy and clear weather on Thursday, in
-the Middlo£tatcs and on the lower Lakes, aad with
southwest wind* and vising temperature on the
upper Lake*: oorthweetcr y winds veering
southwest continue on Thursday aod fresh north
west wlods continneto the New England coast, in
creatine to a moderate gale some distance off the
shore. The low press ore on the coast of MJino wilt
prebklig preduea aaurere storm ln_N«*v»SCCi:l».
—iSo coor-piracy t*. Barcelona, Spate, among the
tgoope at that station, proves to have been a deep4ald
.punor tho lotemaUoaale. Three targe bomb* .were
dlpcovrrd .In a pcwJUop when* they evilmtlyhad
Wen placed with m Jtntewikm m exploding tbo roars*
rtne. the consummation ot which ©tot,it IspreVable/'
woo Id bath (aroiTbd the dcetncUoa of thoeeande of
ftvew.
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE;
WASHINGTON.
Reorganization of the Several
Military Departments.
Public Debt Statement for. No-
vember.
Enmor that Martial law Will be De
clared Thronghont the South!
Efforts to Beplenish Chicago Law
Libraries.
DlttOTerlcs Kade bj the German Polar
Expedition.
Specie DcspMchtoThc Chicago Trtonne.
Washington, D. C.—Tho order, for the owoet 0 f
W. Korbet, Inte PcMloo at PhUodolphta, here
been forwarded end It 1. enpposod horc that be bu
been taken into custody.
Governor Perham, of Maine has written to Senator
Tnimbnll, proposing in behalf of tho State to donate
for the use of the county and bar of Chicago, copies
of tbo statutes, reports and digest of tho State.
Senator Trumbull is collecting here, a great c j
public documents of value as books of reference and
forwarding them to tho press and lawyers of Chicago.
Contracts were opened to-day for about three hun
dred mall routes, being *tho same the leltlngs for
which were postponed several months since by or
der of the PostmaaterGcucral. The same attempt to
secure Llgh rates through numerous straw bids has
been tried ageln, and the Department la in exactly
the same trouble as before.
[To tbe Associated Preu.}
Washington, Nov. I.—Scnor Roberts, tho Spanish
Minister, bad a conference with Secretary Fiea to
day, concerning t!.e Hornet affair. A mode of adjust
ment has been determined on, which is satUJuctorv
to both governments. The caso of the Horton has
not yet been decided. The Secretary cays there Is
no difficulty. In the way, as bo*h governments are
agreed as to the course to be pursued.
Owing to tbo fact that therp are so many Irregular
ities in thcaciounts of dieburtlng officers. the* Go
vernment will require hereafter more rigid examina
tions and. whenever practicable, a monthly settle
ment of their accounts.
It is the la.prceolon of many of the Civil Service
reformers now here, that the present law under
which the Commission is acting Is Inadequate
and It is their intention when Congress meets*
to bring forward a new and more comprehensive
measure.
The Government Trill awilt the arrival of the Mor
non Delegate Hooper, who le dally expected on a
mission from Brigham Yonng, before they determine
the line of policy to.be pursued.
The President baa appointed Charles E. Harrison
Assessor of Internal Revenue in the Sixth Ohio Dis
trict George I. Scott, Assessor of Internal Revenue
In the Second District of Arkansas.
The information received nt the Navy 'Department
from Dr. A. Peterman, concerning tuc German dis
covery of an open Polar Sea. states that the northern
most point reached waa seventy-nine degrees north
on the meridian forty-eight degrees cast. They found
ibe most favorable state of ice toward the North
Pole, with a pr,table connection wun the open sea
on the north side toward the cast. The expedition
t»aa made in a email sailing vessel, at the expense of
the otliccnt.
Military change? have bson made by tho-. President,
tranefemne tbe State of North Carolina from the De
partment of the East to the Department of the
fcoHih; the Indian Territory, north or Texas and south
of Kansas,!* added to the Department of Texas, under
command of General Anger, and the Department of
Texas is added to the Division of the Missouri. The
Department of the Platte is for the present discon
tinued. The States of Louisiana, Arkansas, Missis
sippi, and Gtdf posts will constitute a new depart
ment. Tl,o Gulf will be commanded by Colonel
Mory. Tbe Fifth Cavalry is ordered to Arizona* the
Third Cavalry is ordered to Fort McPherson. Socoml
Lieutenant Frederic k G. Grant, Fourth Cavalry, baa
been ordered to report to the General of tho array
ami will accompany General Sherman In his tour of
military inspection in Europe.
The Commissioner of Pension? la now in Phila
delphia to effect a sen foment with Forbes, the invalid
Pension Agent lu that city, who is in arrears ;4oO,(M)
to the government.
The IVrsiucnl has appointed A. J. Dtiforr and W, J.
Virtue, Cominioeionerp for Oregon for the centennial
celebration iu Philadelphia.
The public debt statement published to day show?:
Coin balance. 53
Cnru-nry P'.S-X.mij.v.
Coin c-t liiu-uto, 16,6T5.V«J.W
Debt bearing interest in coin:
Bonita at per rent ..T 1 .’W?,51?,.tV).fn
MimJ? at 5 p**r cent 277,»t*.7.i*n <vv
rrlnupal ..I.SVi.li?
Iclcrest 41,W*2,3W,vj
Debt bearing interest, in lawful money;
Certificate sf imlebt#i!iie*,< at per evut... 67S 000 M
Navy tension fund «a n**r c.-nt
IVrtifisws at 3 per mat 3V o ooi
I’ritirljil IU..VvWJ OO
Inisnst.. Jlil'iOS
iKbi on which iofuxi-at b?e Cca»vd sines
maturity
Principal..,..
Intsrsst _ 29Si'2.ij
Brl.t l*-orlD2 nu Iwiun-st.
del demand and 1-C ‘l tender note? :U7. r OM‘M 25
Fractional currency tr *i»
Coin cert
Total di-ht
Prinntral.. .1.^2.313.452.5i0.2l
li t* rr«l„. 45.x*.xr,.6.»
(.ash in Treasury.*, id.. 5l -,j -.-•j
lo ’sa slVi'lA
reduction daring the month of October basbevtt
New York, Nov. 1.-A special dispatch from Wash-
Ington. this evening, elate? that It Is assorted on the
authority of NcnatorPoolo ihat President Grant has
expressed a dotermlnation to declare martial law
throughout the entire South, in consequence of the
continued outrages.
The Secretary of the Tr. asury has called In another
miU.on and a half <tf throe per cents, of the denomina
tion of from No. 9,5WJ to I.HIS; also, of the de
nomination of SIO,OOO. from No. 3.557 Oo to 4.815 In
terest will cease on the ftlet ofDccembar.
General (Jco. B. Williams, of Indiana, to-day for
mally concludedl an engagement with the Japanese
Minister, and will sad for that country for the par
pose of arranging an internal revenue system there
similar to our own. General Williams Is now Second
Deputy Commissioner of Internal Revenne. Ho haa
also had experience as Assessor, Collector, and Sn*
I>crTi.?orof Internal Revenue, having been employed
in tbcM separate departments for an aggregate of five
or six years with marked acceptance.
Indian Agent Walker ha« left Cheyenne to hear
complaint* of the Sioux Indians.
It has lieon ascertained that the leaders of the Ka-
Klax, now in Jails in Booth Carolina, will not be re
leased on bail.
Mayor Thoms?- Donahue died to-day, aged 75. Ho
was lone connected with tbc InUUkKnc*r.
Geo. W, Curtis has presented to tho President the
n .‘les adopted by tljC OVTU ScKlce Commission.
The Hrettinfj i'tfir says the President has ad
dressed a letter to the President of tho Seneca Stone
Compnuyrcgnesiing him to dispose of Uls (the Presi
dent's) stock in that company.
FOBEltilf,
Gr** l Britain
London. Nov. I.—The collections at the Mansion
House for the relief of the Chicago entiererg, up to
|a»t evening, bad reached tbo snru of £15,000. Ling
ton, a town in Lancashire, has given £I,OOO toward
tbc same food.
New York, Nov. I. English papers, received to
night, contain additional denials from Conservative
Lords and statesmen of any knowledge of a new alli
ance botweon the Peers and people concemlmr tho new
social movement: but it Is stated in a loiter to the
London Telegraph from tbo executive London Coun
cil. that tbo signatures of the Lords are in the pos
session of a Mr. Bussell, and that on (fco otb**hand
tbo Lords know who arc the C9**Snet« 0a the part of
tho part of tho artlsat a.
RnsaU,
St. Pcterebnnr, Nov. I.—The Journal<U XL P<Un
burg denies that MinUtft Catoc&zy ha* been told
that he cannot stay In Washington after the visit of
the Grand Dnke Alexis. It states that Mr. Carlin,
American Minister, has never informed the govern
ment here that tho Am- rican Government hao threat
ned to eond the Kubsian Minister his passport*.
Francfi
Paris, Nov. I.—President Thiers; accompanied bv
tho Mlnletera of War and Mtrlne, will ]»t the corner
stone of the projeeied military establishment at
Rouen, on the 3>th lost.
Hpaln.
Madrid, Nov, l. The Radicals make an attack upon
the Government next week in the Cortoa, on what
particular question It Is uncertain. The result dc
bends on the atiltn-le oftha Carllsts, as they hold the
balance of power.
Austria.
Vienna, Nov. I.— Baron Halzgethan’having de
clined, the Emperor baa tnvltod'Baren KeUerpcrg,
formerly Governor of Bohemiv to form a Cabinet.
Germany
Berlin. Nov. I.—Owing to the U!ne«a of General
>on Koon. the Minister of War, General Sto-ch ha»
been placed in temp orary charge of tho War Office as
assistant.
eurxlro.
Mataraoras, October 28— A conrior from Tampico,
arrived to-day, brings news from tho Mexican Capital
to tho *sd. All was then qnet. Diaz was in the
field. Nearly all the Governors of the Mexican
States had sent congratulation* to Jnnrcz. and offered
their services to enppruss Uus Monterey lareonncla
mento.
Juare* claims tho reported capitulation nr Sd'illo.
Tbn revolutionists hold all the avenues ot c'tn.aunj
cation between the bdrdor and Monterey.
Wei ladtea.
Havana, Nov. I.—nation advices wore to the 20th of
October. The authorities arc endeavoring to evade
the payment of claims arising from their transactions
during tho revolution.
Kingston, .Jamaica, Oct. SO.—The British mall
steamer Venezuela took fire at sea on tho voyage
from laverpool. The flames were extinguished on
reaching the harbor of Santa MartHn by scuttling
tho forward part of tho vuasol and submerging one
of the water tight compartment*. The fire listed
thirty-one boors.
ILLINOIS.
Governor Palmer arid the Proposed Mill
tary ReoccnpaUon or Chicago—'The
iiroiveoor Nlnrder—lnstruction* For
warded to the' Attorney General—Sui
cide at Jacksonville.
Special Despatch to Tho Chicago Tribune.
Springfield, Nov. I.—Tbo statement made by the
Associated Press, and from Washington this morn
ing, that a detachment of Unitod States troops wore
to be sent to Chicago to assist in maintaining order in
that city.bcn created quite a sensationbsre.as ills well
known that Governor Palmer is decidedly opposed to
any inch sot on tho part of tbo General Government,
and will oppose any such interference of his rights as
Cwnaandor+i-Chlof of th- military of IHtnoU. If
tho report is correct, and United Slams troops are
again to occupy Chicago, yon mey expect aomo spicy
correspondence between oar Ex ecu tire and some
one.
tsi* mmorrd on the atrect that Governor Palmer
bas written toAltoraciDcperal Bnshnell. calling his
aitmtiou.lo tbe killing of Ootoool Orosvcaoc by
vpong Treat, actluc tinder authority aasomod bv
Frank T. fthermaa.. r.ndoc eosuaaad of
Lietilenant Ocacnl Hbaridoo. and dirccllnr
UreAttortvy search out all the feels In the
ewes 'and procure an indictment again* Lieutenant
■CK'DcraJ Bheridac, Frank T.Bhencso. sod all other*
who may here been implicated In the kflUog of
Qrorreecr. The Goreraor tu# oleo wtrtco nletto« ti
lha ilay-r, of date o»'t, 20tb. In which the Governor
lu li>tciUc wouU orprvstf’H his view* on the action of
the 54nyar' In concretion with the military occupation
of Chicago. 11 all the report* afloat arc, true, and
then- mem* to becgo;>d foundation lor
Ihmwucii linno> nnd I'nclo S .in look rather equiNe.
Tbe Bonn! ofl’iibUc Charities has been in Mission
hc-re t«wla'-. Mr. N. Iloirlen, of the Northern la
t-anc Asylum, presented catlmaies of tho cost of
compUtu g and innuthlng that IndltcUon. Thu alto*
ation oftbe Cm-k Ton .ty Arylum, Ihv.r lloosc, and
ncspPul were partially iliscr.Ktcd. The Trustees of
the r-ot.iburn insane A-ylom are expected hereto
meet the board tomorrow.
JacktcuMUc. 111., Nnv. I.—Annie tlolley, a Ger
man clrl, agid aboni ill tear*. committed suicide. In
this ejty, this afternoon by Longing hcn-clf. she had
recviitlj arrived here from Germany, and was living
In her brother’* family Shu is believed to have been
impelled 10 the act of tclfdoetntcilnu} by
despondency and grief, resulting from homesickness.
She bad expressed intense anxiety to return
to the Fatherland, where she had left
a lover, to wbr.m she was betrothed,
but being without the means to so Immediately give
way to flta of dcrpalr, lo one of which she perpetrated
tho act.
.lanaufcbck appeared here to-night In the character
of Mary Stuart, to a crowded and dcliThted audience.
Peoria, HI.. Nov. I—On* Btluyanl, an employee on
the Toledo, Peoria, and Warsaw Uallroad. was killed
near the Slate line tide morning. Ho fell from 110
tarin In some wav. tud five care passed om hi* body,
mangling It In a nor ibln manner.
A3U7BE.II£.T^,
Globo Theatre.
Tbe audiences at tho Q.'obe ooatioae very amlll,
•llhoutfb performance Is fully an t the aate
fre standard of excellence, and Mias Bn Bar, tbe
new leading lady, more than confirms the favorable
rrprcturn of her first appearance. A m -nth ago
be w. uld have proved a strong card, wl:h her so
01b free, form and bearing, her polished eloeo
nn, her vivacious, winning manner, and her lib
ral erdowo;ent of natural and cultivated gr*oae,
but now. with nn excellent company to supp-rt
her. and in the only theatre In the city, she mn«t
face dtstrefeingly small audience*. Tho main
reason ter this, ns we bare bcrctof *re urg*d, I* toe
lack of d<ei<ositioo on the part of the public to be
amtiard not to mention the probability that there
1a now but a small oreporu m of «*ur population
who can actniJly afford to indulge in dramatic
luxuries. But these are not the only reasons. So
mire potent cau<e of empty benches can be cited
than that for which the management alone is re
sponFrbla--viE.: tho horrible condition of the audi
torium itself. It is diny, dingy, and firbi-Ming.
care of suitable furniture or any pretense lo car
pets fh* mice of tho being frequently
Hrounid in the din of scuffling boot* «ver pine
floors. It ij row three weeks since the fire, ami it
is not unreasonable to expect that by this time
Colonel Wood should bav*p done something (award
puling the Gl«>bo in suitable condition fur tbe re
ception ol ladies and gentlemen. It’ anything
could t« nipt people to leave comfortable and car
peted bouses, it is a c omfortable and carpeted
tb«-atre. with some attempt at appropriate furnish
icg, and tbe sooner Colonel Wood diso *vers that it
is natural to prefer a parlor to a boro, the sooner
he will discover the reason why the Globe is al
most empty every night.
A Coltl-Klouded Harder.
St. Louis, Not. I.—A double and cold-blooded
murder wan committed a few miles from Marshfield.
Wobster County. Missouri, on Saturday Im-t. under
tbo following clrcum lances: George Chamber
lain, a leum.-tor, residing in Taney County,
while on ble way to Marshfield
for a load of merchandise overtook another teamatsr
named Danny with a load of lumber that ho was haul
ing to Wm. C. Davenport, a lumber dealer of Marsh
field. Danny's wagon broke down, and
be requested Chamberlain to haul
he lumber Into town. Chamberlain
loaded U on his wagon, but bad not proceeded far be
fore his wagon also broke down. lie t'icn went into
Msrsbfit-ld. procured a wagon and the assistance of
hie son-in-law, George Francos, and returned
to his broken wagon, re oaded the lumber,
and started for town. At this juncture
they were met by Wm. C. Davenpo t and Matthew
end Jacob Hoffman. One of the Hoffmans struck
Chamberlain ou the head with a re
volver, knocking him down, and D.tven
port shot him with a shotgun, killing him
mvenport then shot Frands, killing him instantly.
D;.penport and Matthew Hoffman were arrestedoo
Monday. Darenport si cx-Sbcriffof Webster County,
and a man of considerable property.
MONETARY.
Wtosksdat Bttxt.vo, Nor. 1.
There has been scarcely any change in the condition
f local finance:- during the last two days, and none
that wc can disrover in the condition of the respective
banks. Jn the aggregate, the deposits in the banks
an: increasing a little; considerable amounts of
in-urar.ee arc being paid by the companies, as u
shown by the number of drafts drawn hr the amenta
of insurance com]ianioi* ou New York, wnich are
passing through the banks. The relief moaer seta
trom abioud has also t.ided to Increase the
deposits at ttio banks to the extent of probably
Sl.oUUaiu. There Is, however, a difference in the
perience of different banka, with wine dep i-its are
increasing, with others it Is the reverse. I'lider the
present condition of ilaim it is w*|j known that
no bank which has a fair lino ol deposits now can find
safe Use for nil its mouty. ami any particular sollci
tude on the part of any bank or hanker
to get new deposits by allowing Interest on
current balances, wilt be llkclv to scare Jud'ciuti*
people off rather lhau secure ib’elr deposits. By the
clo»« of thin month, when tbo financial condition of
the mercantile llims has been developed, nml tbs
banks can know to some extent whoi*e paper it wtl>
be wile to discount, there will be a demand for capital
In that lint-. By tbe middle of tbo month tbo-e who
have bought new stock* of goods win bare bhgtia to
make payments, and balances now In bank will bo
generally drawn down.
Exchange ou New York is in good demand between
hanks, but even those banks best able to sell chock-*
oo New York are not generally willing to do ao, for
the reason that they have no use for the currency
here, and wc even heard of one bank shipping cur
rency to New York. rt
Rankers hero aro selling government bond* al
New York quotation*. and hoy mg at about W, of 1 n«r
cent onder New Yo k price*.
Money id freely offered in call loans on government
bond* up collateral* at from 8 to 10 per com.
The following from the New York Kconombl of Oc
tober 27 ebows the terms open which some of the
tending jobbers in dry gomU'and cognate linos of
ntrrclmndlre have arranged for settlement with tholr
New York creditors:
Field, Letter A Co., Field, Benedict Co., Henry
W. King Co., Charles P. Kellogg A Co., n. A. Kohn
A Pro.. Leopold. Knh A Co.. Cabn, Wampold A Co.,
S. Frank Co., C. Sumraorrteld A Co.. Price. Uoscn
blatt A Co., Stein, Kramer A Co., Stotthauur A Woln
m».u, Clcyboni, Einstein A Co. D. W. AA. Kolth
will pay In full In six, nine, and twelve months.
Hamlin. Hale A Co. will pay SO per cent
In 3. t>, and 12 months. C. H. A E. Parttridgc 50
tier cent in 4,8 and 13 month*. Bowen, Hunt A Wins*
low, 67V4 per cent lu 4 and C months. J. V. Farwell
A Co. will probably arrange a settlement to pay in
full in I>, la. 31, 37 and 33 months from January 1.
IS7I.
Considering that a considerable portion of tbc debts
thus arranged for are not actually due yet. and that
the amount of insurance which will be collected by
all those who have lost so heavily, is somewhat prob
lematic yet, the foregoing is auditable to the firms
concerned. A week after the Qro no o.ie would
have believed that so many of
the leading dry goods firms could do so well. The
New Yotk creditors, however, have nuw, to a consid
erable extent, the power to insure the above pro
gramme being foitnfnllv carried out. They are in
many instances stockholders in the New York cl* f n
turauce companies, of which fully threo-fuu-', na av _
suspended. If there companies will re’’ ,i r .7*,.,i- r n
lU.ls sufficiently to pay their losses U l r “f r
will not only insure the navroeni of debts due from
Chicago lilt the Increased profits which
the insurance business IV!:; vl ®ld during the next
three yean will nearly make up lud Of the
companies.
We hare compiled the following list of Insurance
cotdjiLi lee that bavo suspended in consequcn-e of
lows by the fire In this cltv. It-comprises just
ahoat half of all the companies of this and other
state* that were doing business here at the time of
the fire. Some of them wlll.by assessments on stock*
bolder*, probably pay np their Io*«* In full and con
tinue in business, but the majority will either go into
the bands of Receivers or endeavor 10
compromise with their nolicr-holders for ft percent
age CJ luS‘r liabilities. 'Proceedings were begun in
the Circuit Court, yesterday, tor the appointment of
Receivers forwlndlngnp a number of Chicago com
panies which show actual assets in proportion to
losses ss follows: Fireman’s. 10 per cent; Mer
chants’, 15 per coot: Chicago Fire, 1< percent t Ger
mania, 15 per cent: State, 10 per cent; Home, 10
per cent: Mutual Security, 13 per cent. These
awftl ftW Independent of any stock sub
scribed ftrd not paid 10. To whatever
extent the stockholders are lurthfir liable in this r>-
spect it will increase the ability of the companies to
pay more than the percentage above mentioned. Of
Eromtnent NowJYork companies we hear of Receivers
aying been appointed for the Security, Loriliard,
WfifliiDglOO. Market, Manhattan, and Atlantic. Many
others win doubtless be in the same process of wind
ing up within a tow days
Aator Fir*. „....X«w>ork City.
Atlantic Fire.. 0.-ooklyn, X. Y
Atlantic ir» and Marine ProviaJ nce B. I.
Albany Cit> ...Albany, Y
Alrmamn lire Cleveland, Ohio.
Buffalo City -Buffalo, N, Y.
Buffalo lire and Marine -Buffalo, N. Y.
Connecticut Fire Hartlord. Conn.
Chicago hire Chicago, 111.
Commercial Chicago. 111.
Charier Oak Hartford. Conn.
Capital City ..A'baay. N. Y.
Commonwealth Fire New York City
Chicago Firemen’* Chicago, Hi
KzcrlMGr Fire New York City.
Equitable-...- Chicago. 111,
Fulton Fire. -Now York Cite.
Firetren s Fun ban Francisco. Cal.
Carden City, Ohioag* HI
Germania ....-Chicago, 111
Hide and Leather B ston Mats
Home.:.. ...-.Chicago. III!
Hope.... Providence, R. I.
Irving Fire New York City.
lndtpend.nl ...Bu:on, Mm.
Lonllanl Fire Now York City.
Lamar Tire -Not. York City.
Lnmbormsn’s Chicago, ill.
Lycoming Fire Muncy, Pa.
Lamar... .-..Chicago, 111.
-M»rkct Fire Now York Cilr.
Merchants Chicago. 111.
Manhattan...... Now YortCity!
Mutnai frerunty -.Chicago. 111.
Merchant*’ and Mechanic*' Fire......Calttmore. Md.
Merchant* liarttord. Conn.
North American Fire.; Hartford, Conn.
Norwich Fire Norwich. Coon.
North American lire N*»w York Citr.
Putnam Fire- .Hartford C mo.
Providence Washington Providence, B, I.
Roger Williams —Providence R- I.
Republic —Chicago, HL
Sectntty.- -...New York City
Chicago. 11l
Tf utopia Fire Cleveland Ohio.
Western —Buffalo. N. Y.
Vaihingtoo.—. -New York City.
lookers and New lork tire New York City.
LATEST.
New York, Nov. I.—Tho stock market wag a 111 tie
dull at the close, and money moderately easy at 7 per
cent.
stato bonds not very active.
Gold opened at was firm all day. cloeing at
Cosh cold scarce, from 4 to s for use.
D.-lly clearings,
Ucttda firm and dull- There wese 17 proposals tor
bonds, amounting to from 111 16-100 to 113.
The ot e miUlon will probably go at 111 16-UM to
111 45* JO.
Tho stock market was steady, New York Central
and Wcwtern Union Telegraph were the principal fea
ture*.
Sterling, 10?^.
GevernmruU:
Cecpe, *Bt AH H I Coups. ’»7—— ,-..U3>>
UIH I Ooups. *fr«
tVups, UI.S] 10 <o* -IMS
Coupe. Ttt>< f Currency 4* mu
hew .L.— »...,U3S I
State bonds:
Missouri* -MM J Vlrs’iaUa, tAi a»S
TvoDMwe. 01d.i.1 a>\ IN. c*>rMlnML. mu
TeßDcwwee. new j N, Caroliaa*, Dew n't
Virgioias, oaw-.—65
Stocks clftjcd:
Cactott.-- 7» Bock LsUad Mt
W. C. T 6tU N. J- »l
■aaift»ilTrr 17*? Bt, ..pw
Mariposa.. I aPtd l
Maripoea, preferred-- 1H i» n
Adama l.xptc**-. MS Wtb4ah. Si
Well* a F»pg»v—- M Fori Wayae— —08S
A meet eon. ig
•PA..,, i i ,1. M ACS Terre Haute, prefvmd M
Partfie Mad—l t?V O a na
N. V. Central—.—.— C; A. A., preferred,
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER SS 2, 1871.
g.T. Central «er|p_. 8.l lo.tll t?H
fr r -a* 0., C.
KH». ptvf.-rr.sl l c.. D. *Q. i>r
IJsrlftn I hnkm 9U<m-. y.s,
i» r it lu ,re^rrre i 2l I In.liaaa t>Vmr.al 17*^
lieiidiDir. 'i* I Illinois t>nrr*l m „_^..U>u
Union Pnoifle
S-JS"™ 11 I». P. bona. “si
II r n,l p
Heal Estate.
*J?^'i A Term Bold yes erday a lot of 81 feet
front by 170 feet doep, on the west sldo of Wabash
*i’« be J. w s c n Con g re »e »od Harrison streets, for
♦16.C00, which 19 nearly S7OO per foot. Thla Is fnllr
iho value of the lot before the fire. 1
ij r sold yesterdiy a lot on the ea«t
aide of Clark atreat, 91 feet south of Monroe, being
b J foot 4 0e P* for J- 800 P«f front foot,
OI J£. e,6 k* balance in one and two years.
The following Instrameata were mod for record on
Wednesday, November 1:
d “.r Flrßt Bt n e corner of Armour
ertlion* jHXa 26x125 ftct; dated October 4 5 cooald
a *nd 37. lo Block 7 of Block
Addition; dated Octobers; conaldera
V 1 °f Manlerre Aiken’s Lot* 6 and
3 9 'l 4• s,
n^.° f SBCI1
Lot on Wabash av, a w cor of Forty-fccond aLe f
100x177 B-10 ft, dated
Heal ee'ate mortgages and trust deed*. 8; quit claim
deeds and releases, 5; chattel mortgages. 4: other
laelrnmcnfs convening property in Cook County, 6
together with 114 documents which were re-reconicd
by reason of the fire.
Foreign Btark«u.
Loodofl, Nov. I—l.Bo p. m.—Holiday. Ko stock
market today. Turpentine, 495.
Liverpool. Nor. I.—Cotton a cady; middling up
land, B t-Sd; Orleans. 9yd. Sales, IS.OOObalee; ap-cn
latlon and export, 4.0U0 bales. Corn, 33a 9d. Reo U
67a 6d. Short rib middle*. 70s 6d. Cbeeae,s9a.
Hamas City Lire Stock Market.
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
Kansas Citv, Nov. J.-Cattle received, 1349 bead:
shipped to Chicago 10 care, 340 bead to St, Louis, KT
care, 811 bead sold 106 mixed Texans, av 915 lb*, at
8.95: 15 do, av 800 lbs, at 2.40; 258 thorough Texans,
av. 1,035 lbs, at 8.60; 5 young Texans, av 600 lbs. at
8.40. slaughtered at packing houses, today. 1,412.
Total cattle received for the week ending to-night, la
16.977 head; shipments, 5,834; sales 1,000; alanghtcred.
Buffalo litre 8(ock Market.
Buffalo, Nov. I.—Cattle-Receipts, 595 head, mak
!ng 310 care against 280 care same lime laspwoek.
Market lore active, and prices a shade lower;
holders firm owing to light supply; sales
289 Ohio steers ranging from 1.074 to
1,530 lbs at 4JOaG.OO 456 Indiana ranging
from 1,060 to 1,490 lbs at 4.60a555; 105 premium
Indiana steers ranging from 1,643 to 1675 lbs. at 6.85 a
6.50; bft Illinois do, rouging from 1,100 to 1,190 lbs, at
4.60a4.70.
Sheep and Lamb*—Receipt*. 3.262; market active;
Price* Me higher. Sales: 116 Indiana aheap, ranging
from 721 to St lbs, at 4.60a5.00; 195 New
York, av 85 lbs at 4.75; 418 Mich
lean, ranging from 9t» to 81 lbs. at 4.50*4.95:
Canada, ranging from 117 to 117, at *5 45a5.50; 2,051
Canada lamb*, ranging from 77 to 98, atgfi.asb6.so.
Hogs— Receipts,9.lll head. Market doll and flat;
buyers and seller* ap»rt; buyers generally offering
84.Wa1.85 for medium to good. Sales 304 head at
(1.25a4.40 for good.
Kew York Dry Goods Market*
New York, Not. I.—Fancy cassimows. coatings,
and ehawla have been soiling, In manv in-lance*, at
prices inconsistent with the cost, while stocks hare
not boon in any way buoyant. Shootings relatively
cheaper than any other class of goods on sale, cer
tainly much more so than printed cloths.
Tire Produce Markets*
NEW YORK.
New York, Nor. I—Colton Arm; middling up
land 184{.
Breadstuff's—Flour qnlet; receipt* 15.050 brls; super
western and Siato,if6tt6.4(J;.( ommnn to good, 'fi«oa
O.tK); good to choice, Sti.tKhi7.3s: white Western extra,
57.:i5a7.1i5; Ohio, 5.fWa7.10; St. Louis. 7.15*9 25; Rye
flour firm; 4.50a5.5U. Corn meal unchanged.
Wheat dull, unsettled: receipt* 52.(W0; No.Ssprin"
1.49a1.82; No. 1. 1.54a1.55; winter rod Western. 1.53*
IJW; white. I.blalTH. Rye dull. Barley firm. Bar of
Quinto, H.U2; two-rowed State. 72 Kc Canada West,
sl.iKb Malt quiet. Com dull and a shade lower;
receipts. 47.000 bn; Western mixed in store. 75a77c;
afloat, 77H»79Kc; yellow Western afloat, ,79c; new
west* rn mixed. 75c, OnU doll and lower; receipts.
H.oonbu; Western and Ohio. 51c.
Hiqis—Steady; SiaH3e for 1871;* 20*10 c for ISTO. 10a
20c for lEO 9. and Oalfic for Ifififi.
Leatlior— Steady at Sfia29c; Orinoco. 31a274c.
Wool—(inlet; Ohio, 62c pulled. tiOc.
Groceries—Coffee dull; Uio, IHaSOc. Sugar lower*
fair to good refining, BX&'Je. Holdisos doll, iilco
unchanged.
Petroleum—Ctnde. Italic; refined, 83c.
Turpentlno-Qulct at l>7ali74c.
Provisions—Quiet. Mess pork, $ll.OO. Beef and
uf meats unchanged, Middles qutov and nnchangod.
Lardfirm: No. Ito prime suam, 0.4a1) l-lc: kettle.
10 1 -c.
I.utter—Steady: Western at Ifcifclc; State at 15x18c.
Cheese—Sternly at Wall 1 2c.
Whirkey—Dull, anti a shudo lower at 93 l-2c.
Metals— Manufactured steady. Ingot lake, 211-4*
21 l-2c; pig iron, Scotch. 41.00*17.0.1: American, 15.00*
-BH.UI. Bar, bO.oo fur fine English and American.
Russia sheet, 17 l-2alSc in gold.
Cul nails, 4.C6; cUlcJv, G.l3:i(>.UT«; hor*ei*hoe,
TOLEDO.
Toledo, Nov. 1 Bread^tuiTd—Floardnll and uo
channel. Wheal steady; No. 1 while Michigan at
51.43 amber Michigan at 1.41: No. 1 red at 1.33; No.
*4 at Ida 1-2 No. 3at 1.33; rejected al 1.30. Corn
dull and lai'c lower; hUh mixed at S3 3‘la33c; new
doatAluiic; low mixed. 31c; new, 60e: new yellow,
51 l-2c. Onta a shade belter; No. 1, 37 14c; No. 1,
33 14c; njoeled, 33c,
Clover Seed—steady at 0.00.
Fr. ighta—To Bnflulo. 5 l-iaGc; Oswego, lie; Og
denaliiirgh, 12c.
Receipts—Floor, 2.CCO brla; wheat, 17,000 bo;
corn. lUtO bo.
Shipment*—Floor, 5,000 brU; wheat, i2,f)00 ba;
c0rn,37,000 bu; oath. 10.000 bo.
NEW ORLEANS.
New Orleans, Oct. I.—Breaitsiafft Flour firmer;
superfine, 56.12; XX. XXX,
Corn quiet; mixed, S3 l-3c; white, 90c. Oats quiet.
6114 c. man dull; I.H».
Huy—Dull and drooping; prairie, 28.00; choice,
33.00.
ITovhdona—Pork firmer; 15.35 refused; 13.50 asked.
Bacon dun; S3-faS6-SiS34c. lard quiet; tierce.
131-Cc; kec, 12c.
good; Inferior, 7 1-2 c;
leotnmon. Bl4«fti-2c; good common, 9c; choice,
2 14c. Mola««9.flnn; common, 45c; prime, 57 l-Sc;
prime, 60a63 1 -2c.
Wblpkey—tfTcal.W 1-2.
Monetary—Sterling, 31; gold. 1.12 a-8.
cotton active: sales, 0,3-im bole*; good ordluarx
17Ka* low middling, iT^ald; middling, 13«a»I
receipts. 3,374 export*, Hamburg, 1.913 to Hr vi»*
SCO Block, 69,501 bVles.
MILWAUKEE.
Milwaukee. Nov. I.—Ureadslßflb—Flour „u»
changed. Wheat, steady tNo, 1,1.22u ;N A
Oats firm t No. 3,30 l-3c. Co/n, dull and i 2'
2,48 c. Rye,-all and unchanged. B^ u
lower; No. 2 fall, 53c. dull and
FrcighU—To Buffalo, 0c; toOswovn m/.
Receipts—Flour, 6,000 brie; whouL 7s
Shipments—Flour. 3.C00 brie: wheat J bn<
ST. LOUiai 6 AiWbu,
at. Louis, Not. I.— BreadetuS*'
winter, 4.5i«r>.33: extra, a; —Flour firm; super
Wheat firm No. 3 rod,
firmer; mixed on tra**' .tUal.4], closing at 1.40. Corn
80c for Minnesota. c Hatley quiet; 7S»
Provisions— 3* neld above buyers views.
•farce and firmer at 13.00, Bacon shoulders
weaka®*' -nnat7 3-4 c; cle;ir rib and clear sides
?orr^^ om ra BaSc "to-iaos-sc
O Cf-Acth at 3.753-1.10.
Cattle—Unchanged.
SS brl WHO bu corn.
bn out!, 14,000 bu; ry.-. 7.1.00 bn; barley, :1.000
OSWEGO.
Oswego, Nov. I—BrcAdalntT. Flour steady: spring
7.75; snibcr,r.3s. Wheal qnict;No. 1 wln.crl. 13,
CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, Not. l—Coiion—Dnli and lower, mid
dling.lTCiiTJv
Bnradmnff—Floor steady: family 6.50@tj.75.
wheat, fair demand and higher, 1.41K&143, Com fair
demand and higher; new. 4Tc, 01d,57c. Hyo qolet. T*a
76c. Barley dull at 7D®fs.
Oils— Unchanged.
t*eeda— Clover Arm at 94@9*»c. Timothy oolet
at S.Tft&SXO H
Provision*—Pork doll and nominal at#12.50. Lard
quiet at Bulkmeatd qalot, and held firmly:
sides. 6|£@7c. No shoulders, Bacon qalot and held
firmly; shoulders, 7‘*c; sides,7*f<3-TJ|C.
ITogs—ln good demand at fil.OO&i.y. Receipts,
2,000.
Cattle—ln fair dom&rfi and higher; prime*,
1.50.
Whiskey—Dull at 88c.
IlllnoU and Michigan Canal.
Canal Office, Chicago, Not. I.—Cleared—Monte
Christo, LaSalle, 64,575 ft lumber. 1,450 ft lath: Colo
nel Manning. Lemont; Advance, Lemont.
Arrived—Elizabeth. Locfrport. 7W brls flour. 185.110
Iba meat; prop Juniata, Summit, 40 yds stone: Com
merce, LaSalle, 10,006 bn oat*; J. W. McGinnis*.
Lemont, 71 yds stone: J. A. Wells. Lemont, SI ydo
stone; S.AT., Lemont, SO yds eionc; Koscoe, Le
mont. 60 yds stone.
Not. 1 evonlng.-Cleared-SmiHic,
VarMrillos; Allaniic, Morris, 25 brls salt; Montreal,
Marred**; S#' los lumber; Constitution,Lemont;
Cbas. Sltv, Admiral, Lemont; Geo. Jodd.
Lemont; M*?y j'alker, Lemont; D. Hess, Lemont;
n. L. Peaaloe, LdtnGDt; J. U. Walker, Lcmoat;
Traveller. Lemont.
Atrired—Prop Wasp, *30010111,35 yds stone: Drill,
Morris, 310,000 Ins. coal.
Vessels Passed Detroit,
Detroit, Nov. 1 —Passed Down: Prop Ncbaaska:
barks Chandler. Constitution, Nicholas. Franz Slogel.
Sannyvide; schrs Philo Bcovill, Harsh,
Onondaga, Clovelacd. Angus Smith.
C. J. Maglll, Hanceon. Adirondack,
Thomas Sheldon. Minnie Muller. Fleecing, Media
tor, City of Tawae. Harvest Horae, Mvsilc, W. J.
Whaling. Hammond. Hubbard, City of Sheboygan,
King Sisters, Rainbow, Grover, Kearsage. HinckV?y,
Lydia Case.
Passed Up—Bark Tanner; schr Kenoeba.
Wind—Mwet.
DRY GOODS.
CARSON
PIRIE&CO.,
Wholesale and Retail De
partments,
Are sow open at 636 WEST LAEE-ST.,
whore they will offer for a few days, previ
ous to removal, a large lot of fine Blade and
Colored BILKS, PAISLEY SHAWLS, Bich
ÜBESS GOODS, Blaok ALPACAS, and
MOHAIBS, SILKS VELVETS, BBOAD
OLOTHS. BEAVEEB, OASSIMEBES, Ac.
Some of the above goods were slightly dam
aged the morning of tho fire, in moving, and
will be sold at a great sacrifice.
HOTZXS.
ST. JAMES
HOTEL,
Located Corner Cl; jk and Folk st&
CtonUioloclM roocu. «tr» UrcMttadbMt foraliiwd
tKKtI in'lbt WMt.
it. A. i Ufa Nktlo««Q Doom
WILLIS Jut* ;um Hot**
SAFES.
SAFES.
HONOH TO WHOM HONOE IS DUE.
MISHAWAKA, INS.. Oct. M, UTI.
Mevsra. BEARD A BUO., St. Leula. Mo.:
GENTS: Doming it proper ia all cun (0 giva hooor
to whom honor la Out, I amd the fallowing:
Several years ago I tx u?Lt one of yeuraafea, aeeoad
hand, with a slock of goods at 133 Dearbora it, Obieate.
It cost me >SOO, and was considered dear, laoldtba
■lock and safe to my biether-la-law. Mr, James
Buebier, who was burnt out lo the great flra." la
the sale he would allow me butlisoforthe box. as he
called It, and said he could get a better looking safe, aad
be believed. Just as good, for 8100. Be was burnt out
of home and elore, and eeoaped with only grafter the
lire, tie eterled to dig out bis safe, with but little hope
or faith, ae Ihe eaw many costly safe* being opened aad
the ;contents perfectly charred, black and worthies*.
He found tbe mouldings burnt off the door, Tend the
wheels or castors literally malted off. showing that 1
bad been through aa hot aa ordeal as any In the city;
but 00 opening, be found papers, money, Ae., all sonnd,
Tbe covers of the books were considerably warped, bnt
should he continue bailee**, will use them. Mr.
Baebler’s family is at my booae. while he is waiting In
the city on tho insurance compaalee; his papers sod in
voices ail in good *h«pe, having been pot in s»(a. Yoon
truly. Signed, QEOBOB O’CONNUB.
The above named oifa can boeeenattbe
Depot of BEASD &880.’3 EXOELSIOS
riEE PEOOE SAFES, Ho. 67 South Canal
st, Chicago, where we have a stock of new
safes of all sizes, which we will guarantee
(in writing) to be fire-proof, no matter how
severe the test; as it is an indisputable fact
that not one of our safes has destroyed the
contents in all the fires in the United States
in which they have been tested during the
past TWEHTX-FI7E YEAES.
P. H. Merritt,
AGENT,
67 SOUTH CAWAIi ST.
SAFES.
Macneale Urban’s.
J. M, TERWIILIGER, Agent,
27 South Cnnnl-at., nod 51 We*t lake*4t,
Cliiraffo. 111.
These Fsfre have proved themselves true Salamander*.
Call at our oflleo nml se* the certificates of merit from
many of the beat firms In the city.
We bare a Urge lot of Safes on hand, and more to ar
rive immediately. If you consider your own interests,
you will call and tee us before purchasing any other
kind of Safe than those of the above make.
SAFES.
NOTICE OE EEIOYAL.
The agency for MOSLER, B \HM ANN A CO.’S cele
brated Cincinnati Fafe* has he«a removed to MICHI
GAN AV., cpposlt# bo. 304. where a full linaof those
fire-tried and successful Safe* may Is* nen at all time*.
No charge for examining stack. We cordUMv invito
time wishing to supply themselve* with a GOOD SAFE
to call before purchasing.
P. D. COOK, Gonoral Northwestern Agent,
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
JUST RECEIVEbr
For Steamer from Europe, through our
New York House, a large and full as
sortment of all kinds of
MUSICAL
INSTRUMENTS,
As Accordions, Concertinas, Guitars,
Flutes, Clarinets, Violins, Banjos,
Drums, Ac. Also, of the famous
PAGANINI STRINGS.
Ml BABER C 0„
270 and 614 MicMp-av;
HewYcrk House J.Baner d 0.,650 Broadway
GEJTERAI. NOTICBfj;
Notice to printers, book bind
ers, STATIONERS, AND BLANK
BOOK SIANUFACTDREBS.
B-fors ordering any new cutting machine*, we invite
your itt»ntion to an jmprevmi
PAPER CUTTER;
which will be in operation in thiseliy (Chicago)early
next w-( eb, at No. 63 Seuth Canal et. J. M. W. JONE->.
btalloner.
Thw machine is «tronger, better male and finished,
wuike caeiir ami qnlcker. nmt is the only falter that
will cut the paper to any width, n.' toth* last half
loch, without mukinc any changes. There are many
ether new and nrefnl toainree about it which reiulre to
be seen in order to ho nndertood.
BROWN A CARVER.
Manufacturers of Improved Parer fulling irucblaacx*
and;sin Jayne ct.. Philadelphia, Ps,
Great Mass Meeting and Rally
For the mpporl of the Fire—Ticket. at ITorner ;lUn.
Vorwart's.on Twelfth street, this Thursday night.
Ciliaena of the West Sid?, Rally. Rally, and show that
you recognise honesty and integrity, and that yon de
sire honest men fur city am! county officer*.
Tho following speakers will address the meeting
Hon. N. B. Jodd, Qen, I. N. Mile*. Wirt Dexter, Oapt.
Connell, Hon. A. L. Morrwon. lion. David A. Gage,
and others.
NOTICE;
Office of the GOLDEN TEA STORE, 692 We«t Madison
at.:
All pereon* hating claim* aa«inet na. will preasnt
atalemeots, with particulars. All persons owing ua are
kindly requested to **ttlc their MIN.
JANE* MORRIS A TO.,
forajrrly iDS Randolph at.
Important Notice.
*.1 h fn?oJ r b 2 Mlfhof the MANHATTAN SRWING
MA» HIM* C OMFANT are receiving an extra *hlp
msnt of »»machine* for the benefit of their customers
.district.” THEY WILL HE Did-
TRIBUTE!)'as follow*: To those who lo»l t!Wr "Man
hattan, before their monthly payments amounted to
tb* Price, a new maebina will be delivered, and all pay
ments on the teat machine, and an additional duoouut,
will be credited on the new one.
To those who were *o fortunate as to gave their "Man
hattanpartially paid for. we will dve receipted bill
without farther payment. MANHATTAN S. M. CO..
■InS Wabaeh avenue. Chicago.
NOTICE TO BUILDERS.
The Mechanics’ and Manufac
turers’ Exchange.
Parties wanting to employ builders, contractors, ear
pesters, matuse, painter*, ete should call at lli« Ex
ebaoge. W} Stalest. Tho M*chaalcs’ and Manufac
turer* Exchange la a bureau for employment. Wanted
at the preaent time. SO m-*on« and brlcktarera; al*o 100
laborer* wanted. THABUEUS IIOBKUT6,
A. P. W. Skinner
Is still in the
GENERAL COMMISSION BUSINESS.
Corner Twenly-aecoad and State-ata.. Chicago.
Charred Papers
FCLLT RESTORED
Bj J. U. HIRSH.
88 Wret Waahlngton at- between Juffertoa and
DeaptaisM *u.
rNSURANCE.
COMMERCE
Insurance Comply
OF ALBANY. N.T.
Our Adjaftlng Office 1* now located at t3 SOUTH
CANALST., tbitd floor. Bot-ia S, and Insurer* aro re
qureted to call ibcreaod pretest iboir claims with u
mu. JriM u VAH (U ES T Pr M n
Chicago. Oct. 37, 1871. M. V. TOUNO. OenT Agont,
To Holders of Policies in dhicago Oom-
pasuos,
Proof* prepared. Inturaore oollected, and cash ad
raaced on poUcios of some Chicago coapaoto* ty
USA A COATJT3.
706 Wabaah ar.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
masonic.
Hrmber. of DLAIB I.ODOE So. M. E. ,A.
will txk. Mile ll.i ,lk. mi.mnnte.ltoo. of
Bl.lr DO. -ill 1-ltoM I te—l.tol Ltnkm HOI. —r
nor of lliktte ,r.d K—telph «u.. on Iba folknrin,
a n— u J. traalL, W. M.
W. W. WtNTfi^Sen.
__ _ CLOTH IN O.
remember
WHEN IH WANT OF
FINE CLOTHIN
The old-established House of
T. BEIiDIIVO Sc CO.,
NOW
EDWARDS,
BLUETT CO.,
Ilate nnw od bald splendid tMoflm-ot of
FINE READY-MADE CLOTHING
FOB
IBEIV BOYS’ U’K IH,
Also, a fin* assortment of
Gents’ Furnishing Goods.
Aflnaaad well-assortod stock ef PIKOR (1000?. U>
make to order.
Prices guaranteed l#w«r than ever.
Edwards, Bluett Co.,
45 47 West Madlson-st.,
376 South Btate-st.
THE THU HEAT
THE HOME STRETCH.
For tbe third lime during oar busioees career In Ohi»
cage, we aro compelled by force of circumstances to
commence the world anew. In the fire of October 17,
1457, we )ost oar entire wholesale stock. Thsn followed
tbe great financial crisis, which, together with tbe fire
m entlonrd. swept away onr entire earnings for tbe pre
vions seven years. Now, again, in our recent calamity,
w« lose oar entire stock, books and papers of every de
scripifon.ln fact not a vestige left, and at the age of
Afty-fUe we propose to commence tho world again, de
termined to fight it out in this city. All we ask is tbe
sympsthy of our friends and tbe polite,anda contin
uance of their patronage at ear new place.
197 199 West Madison-st.
Thera wo are opening a foil Block of good reliable
Clothing, which wo will Bell at Io««r prices lhaa before
the fire. Wo do not intend to depreciate our Block in
quality, but will furnish good coodi at late prices. True
It is that wo aro in ashes, bat tho time has not coma to
put on sackcloth. Our McrchaatTallurina Department
will bewail Blocked with with Qrst-cI«M goods to ha
n»da to«r-i«r; and Messrs, bll VJ’FA KD and I‘OVVNd
will be found at our place, as well as Mr. OBAPPO. our
popular cutter.
A. D. TITS WORTH Sc CO.
BUSINESS CARDS.
F. D. COSSITT CO.
GROCERS,
NO. 145 MICHIGAN AV.
Are paying IM cents on the dollar at maturity, not
wiihftandins our henry lom by brokeu Insurance com*
panic* and fir*.
Our Block is complete, hb<l will sail at tba Uywt
price to cash men. Slowcoacluw will not ba loaded up
at our door.
0. M, HEHDERSOH S CO.,
WHOLESALE
BOOTS AND SHOES,
Are now open for business on Mio'iigaa-aT..
corner Oongress-st,, second door north of
Miohigan-av. Hotel or new Tremont House,
with a complete stock of seasonable goods.
We axe buildings Factory on the corner of
State and Twenty-sixth-sts., and shall bo
ready to fill orders for the celebrated Hen
derson Hoots about the 15th of Novembes.
0. M. HENDSESON &100.
The Fashion House of
E. BUTTERICK CO,
Formerly of S3 and S3 SUt* at, will resume business
la a few day* at
No. 316 West Madison-st.,
With a full assortment of
PATTERNS
Of Garments for Ladle*. MU«N t Bo?*, aaj Uttla Chil
dren of both sestf*
I>ue nctfce of opening will h* <ri*«n.
J. m. w. joins;-*,
Wholuffttc and Retail
Stationer, Blank Book Manufacturer,
AND PRINTER,
Has now on hand a full supply of
Stationery, and is now prepared
to receive orders and serve cus
tomers as before the fire.
68 and 70 South Canal-st.. and
609 Wabash-av.
BUILDERS’ HARDWARE
AND TOOLS.
J. K. TYLER,
260 State-st, late 41 State.
A full stock.of Russell Knoia Mfg. Co. LOOK and
KNOB now open.
AGENT LA BELLE NAILS.
J. H. CHAPMAN.
BAGS.
Office of J.f. Baxter UVsßeMi,
FOOT OF WEST WASHINGTON ST.
SHIRTS.
B. C. ROGERS, 334 West MMson-st,
West Side Shirt Factory,
just recelsed a lutz* sad wen«nitort*4 stock of
ENGLISH CHEVIOT SHEETING* and fall lias of
GENTLEMEN'S FrENIStIINQ GOODS, at low figure*.
HADLEY BROTHERS,
Wholesale and Retail
BOOKSELLERS,
738 State-st., near Sixteenth.
A foil stock of Books and Stationary uo hand. Order*
pmnptly filled.
J. 8. B.VSSETT CO.,
Plumbers and Gas Fitters.
DEALERS IN GAS FIXTCBEd.
State st.
OFFICE OF
IcKindley, GrilcMst Co.
At their Store, on Jlonroe st.,
between Wabash and Michigan an.
MAGIEE <fc HALL,
DEALERS IN
S ALT.
Offlco and dock southwest eor. Market Wash iagton -ate
Dr/Truman W. Miller,
OFFICE.
IN West Wajhington el.
Dr. tsham.
orriox.,
IN Went WMhlhftpu «L
HATB AND OAFS.
SATS,C APS &FUES.
J. A. SMITH CO.,
513 WADASII-AV.,
Where they are now receir
ing a splendid stock of Bats,
and other goods in their line
and will soon open a large
stock of Far Cieods, to be Mold
at low price*.
H&TS, CAPS&FUKS.
JAMES A. SCOTT,
to Wb*el*f A .V>«,)
Op*» te-d*f with Ik* nw»H elegant stack of BAT 9-,
CAP*. AND r.AUIBV fI'HA In Chic***, Bt Ho. 334.
Mi4ben *t., first door Walt of Hamlin, Hale A Ob.
BAKKIKO.
OFFICE OF
Loot, Preston Kean,
Bankers,
Masonic Building, comer Hal
sted Eandolph-sts,
BRANCH OFFICE 433 WABABH-A.T..
Ws reeelv* the account* of bank*. bankers, mar.
chants, corporation*. and Individuals; discount com
mercial paper,.mHke collections throughout tbe conn,
try. and tr.omct a regular banking business a* before
the Are; *Uo deal In government bond*, gold, and for
eign exchame, nnd give attention to tho conversion of
aecnriil’s charr*d by tho Sre.
Kosoon ae wecould get Into nor vault after the fir*
we aent a statement or oar affairs to both city nod eoua
try depositor*. Owing to disarrangement ol location!,
thl* statement did not reach all our city depoaitnn. T*
inch ami to ah who r!e«ire to do business with oa ww
shall be happy to furnish it «n application.
We ore thankful to state that oar lon**, all told,
will not reach half of this year’s earnings; and. whlLw
losing nathing of oar old business and deposits, they
have been largely Increased by the addition Of DOW ac
count*.
In ear main office we are protected by a flre*proof
vault, and a burglar proof safe made for as with special,
care.
Nov. 1,1571. LCNT. PRKSTtiJJ A K.KAX.
TTLEE, WMM &C 0.,.
BANKERS,
381
Gold and Silver, OoTernmont Securities, Laud War
rant*. Colh-ge Scrip, and Railroad Stocks and Boodo
bciicht and eo!rt.
LITHOGRAPHY.
LITHOGRAPHIES!
Why send your work out off'
the city
THE UNION
LITHOGRAPHING
COMPANY
Is now running their STEAM
PRESSES. Can fill ALL OR
DERS WITH PROMPTNESS.
Our Company is double what it
was BEFORE THE FIRE.
BCSrVESS OFFICE,
149 ¥est WasMngtoa-st.
MTSCEIO.ATTEOUS,
BABCOCK
Fire Extinguisher!
Tho bent spparatu* yet known for extinguishing flr>4
and protecting one's own property. It settles a flrw
quicker tbun any insurance company. Sec itsoadors*-
meat by the Fire Department.
P. W. FA SWELL, BocreUer.
656 WABASH-AV.
factory sbd salesroom, corner of Washington ftci
Clinton at*.
GILLET’S CHEMICAL WORKS.
These works are now at
51 WEST EAKE-ST.,
And hare slnca the fire been pat In complete ruining
otder, with an entire sew stuck of Qxtnroj animate*
rial*, and goods will Le manufactured. ami the trade
supplied as usual.
GILLKT, McCUI.LOUfI CO.
Army Supplies.
Orncs Pmr*i.isj*o asd OrrorC. 8
Uh.uia. Neb.. Oct. l«, ijyt. J
Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be receirod at this
efhee until n o'clock a. m., Tue-dar. the 73th day ot
NoTember. 1371, for furnishing 1.55) barrels of flour.
The flour to be delivered at the U. 3. fommUsazr
Storehouse, in this city, on or beforo the 2Jth dar ad
IWeetnb-r. 1371.
Proposal* will be received, subject to the usual con
dition*, heretofore published. J. W. BAitBIOKK.
Bvt. Brig. (Jen «nd 0. 9,
Blees’ Noiseless LM-motion Shuttle
SETOTGIAOIIMS.
CARD.
Parties who have lost their machine* by the lata ftr«
will please call at our new store, sad get others t« re
place them. Tl:e mn- oni rnj.l will alloweJon sevr
conttactr. J. U. LSBOW CO.. 143 W*.t Twelfth-**.
To laities Burned Out.
Parties wishing to engage In a flrat-class establish*!
business will please the subscriber, who wiahefl
to sell a ooc-balf interest in a first-class manufactur
ing concern folly established, crowded with orders, and.
financially sound. The party sMting has so much other
business that he cannot give it his personal attention.
Canital needed, bntin«-M capacity, and from M
16,50. Non* but principals need apply.
Address BUND, Tribune office.
CHICAGO
Library Association.
AH persons holding bodies belonging to this Aaeocia
tioa are requested to return thsu at once, either to ST
MadUon at., under Siiermau ITnnse, or to tbo Michigan,
at. Fro* Library, near Toeciy-third sc.
GEO. U. FRINK. SecreUry.
To Business Men.
It la proposed by tba owner of a lot 3«x189, jnst west of
LaSalle *u, on the sooth slda of Madison, to erect upon
It at cum a three-story and b-secnaat baildtog, to bo
completed by Jan. I. 1511, If suitable tenaoU eau bw
bad. Pardee desiring to rent such a building for a lona
or yean will tlsase call at ouroCteo between IP n. m.
and 3p. tn., where plan* can be seen. CLAUKSOS it
VAN fcCIIAACK, C 4 Wabash as., over Uunufaotarecn*
National Bank.
Baltimore Ohio Railroad
bbahch ernor
43 South Canal at.
JAMES WALSH. A cent
Evanston College for Ladies
Sufferers by the Are will bo recoired at reduced rate*.
Hoard, incidentals, and tnitlcn In English bnoctm
oly ISJ for the half term of aereo weeks, eumaeaela*
Hurember I. Address
FRANCES E. WILLARD, President.
Wanted to Exchange
A good 4-run custom and m-rchaata’ water mill
for a (toed farm or stock of goods, worth BjM to
H2,C«sJ. Address
Drawer 34. Dowagitc, Midi.
TO KENT.
TO RENT.
My family barlncroo* East, loffsrfor rent my hon*«
and barn; bouse containa eighteen rooms, beaidre largw
closets. bath room,, and other coarou»Does; will reo*
furnished or untarnished. It la without ilsahttsos o<
the moat desirable locations on the areaue, either tor
residence or business purpose*.
For fell particular* apply to ms at the hooao, SW
WohMh ar.
FBASE XL AIXEN.
To Rent.
A largo haft cm LakMt, Mar Clinton. suitable fcu
theatre, lecture*, public meetings. wholeaala house, Ao.
Apply to M. ecaWKXSZS. Ft West WsdUagtoumt.