JaaWig JUm I

A HOME JOURNAL.
vr.s cit t m ojv ea tex
Three Months, $56
Six 1.00
One Year. 2.00
Nopt-per willbesent from this office unless paid
fjr.
POSTAGE. —Papers sent Free to any part of Fair
field County; to any other address, 20 Cents per an
num, payable at the Office where received.
®ME NEWS AND GOSSIP
Wednesday, December 6,1871,
—November went out like the Grand
Duke.
—The schools commenced again Tuesday
morning.
When is a sailor like un editor When
he is overbor’d, of course.
—Out of respect to the Grand Duke our
rushin’ young men sport a small feather in
their hats.
—The fourth snow storm of the season
fell to-day. The winter is sotting in un
commonly early.
—The first skating of the season was en
joyed thursday, the boys availing themselves
of the congealed surface of Starr’s pond.
—A German in the employ of a family on
the Mill Plain Road, shocked the lady of the
house, Monday, by asking her to “damn”
his stockings.
—The corner stone to the new Masonic
temple in New Haven, will be laid on Wed
nesday, Dec. 6th. Several members of the
order in Danbury will be present.
—The many admirers of “Sport” the
perambulating orange dealer, will be glad to
learn that he has signed the pledge, and be
come an ernest advocate of reform, for
one year.
—A stranger was observed kneeling in the
road on Wednesday evening, engaged in pray
er, and too absorbed in his devotion to notice
an approaching team which narrowly missed
running over him.
—There arc many blessings we have and
enjoy without a thought for the giver. Of
the thousands who will glide merrily over the
beautiful snow this winter, how many do you
think will ask who wrote it.
—A large party were present at Benedict’s
Hall Wednesday evening, the occasion be
ing the ball given by the Merry Nine. The
dancing was kept up until a late hour, and
was very enjoyable to those attending.
•—At the meeting of borough oilicers
last evening, it was voted to notify the
property owners on Bouton street to build
a sidewalk in front of ther premises six feet
wide, and to move their fences up to the
line established.
—A delegation of the Light Guard in
their neat gray uniform and the national
Blues in their nobby blue, of New-
Haven have declared their intention of
attending the first military ball given this
season in Danbury.
—The United States Grand Jury, now in
session in Hartford, yesterday indicted S. S.
Maine, of Ridgefield, on the charge of ob
taining, by false pretences, a letter contain
ing a check for SSO, which amount he ap
propriated to his own use.
—All the premium money, excepting
about $25, awarded at the late fair, has
been paid. The number who neglected to
call for their amounts and by thus doing do
nated them to the Society is difficult of ob
servation without a smoked glass.
There is a State item to the effect that
“one of the crew of tjie City of New Lon
don, who lost his life, although an excellent
swimmer, was to have been married on
Thanksgiving.” As Ruddock is married,
and bald, we presume he started the item.
—The members of the Christian de nomina
tion in Bridgeport have organized into a so
ciety with Rev. M l Dodge as pastor. We
believe that the church in this town, with
the new body in Bridgeport, are the only
chdrehes of that denomination in this coun
ty.
—Appropriate services were held in St.
James church Thanksgiving Day, Dr. Haw
ley, the rector, preaching an instructive ser
mon from the text, “Enter into his gates
with thanksgiving, and into his courts with
praise: be thankful unto him, and bless his
name.”
—-S very wicked Ridgefield man, being re
cently taken ill, and beliving he was about
to die, told a neighbor that he-felt the need
of preparation for thenext world, and would
like to see some proper person in regard to
it, whereupon his feeling friend sent for an
insurance agent.
—Among those who came up from the city
Wednesday night to spend Thanksgiving,
were several desperate looking men with
guns. As they still linger in town, an I have
crude ideas of game, eagle eyed and bare
fac d people should keep out of the country
as much as possible.
A party of friends visited the residence
of D. S. Cosier, Tuesday week (the 25th
anniversary of his marriage), and gave him
a delightful surprise, besides arlicl -s of silver
ware and a handsome set of china. It is
hardly necessary to state that friend Cosier
and lady were equal to the occasion.
At the Opera House Wednesday even
ing, during the prison scene, a large man in
the audience affected to tear is by the suffer
ing so faithfully depicted,lost complett con
trol ofhia feelings when the rebel keeper (Mr.
Joe Eaton) delivered the fatal shot, and ex
citedly shouted, “kill the d—scoundrel!”
Mr. S. Stebbins, Jr., has been made the
delighted recipient of a thorough bred Sibe
rian’blood bound, by an Albany friend.—
This untutored animal is very fond of s all
black-und-tan dogs, and when he feels in
good health can eat two a day. He has
been in good health since bis arrival from
Siberia.
A dejected looking man who asked us
what was the charge for inserting an an
nouncement of the death of his wife, being
told that it would be done for nothing,
brightened up considerably for one in iris
affliction, and pressing our hand gratefully,
piously observed that, “death had been rob
bed of half Ila terrors.’
—An eccentric Danburiansought to guard
against cold Let this morning by pouring
pepper sauae in his boots. l liis noon th
familv were obligned to srhd fora shoemak
er to pull the old gentleman out of his boots,
which that worthy managed to do by taking
off the soles and "pushing the friend of pep
per sauce out at the top.
—The down train this morning rar. over
and killed a horse near Wilt m. The wagon
to which the animal was attached was im
mediately cut up for winter use. The driver
escaped. zV cow was killed at the same
place a few days ago. Wilton has been try
ing to build a branch railroad in the past
two years, but it is a bad place for stock
An affection ite father was overheard
yesterday imparting the following excellent
advice to his son “Attend to your studies
Tom, and you will grow up to be a man re
spected anil honored, but neglect them, and
you will go from bad to worse, and your
fellow men instead of respecting you, will
gome dav elect you a street commissioner.’’
Several young fellows late the other
evening stopped at a saloon on Main street
to get some beer, but seeing no light, shook
the door to awaken the proprietor when it
opened, and passing in they soon succeeded
in awakening tbs kepper who was in bed
np stairs. He came down, and supplied
their wants, and now locks his door} when
bn retires.
A gentleman left his team standing m
South Main street, Wednesday afternoon,
and went to assist a lame man into a car
riage. While thus benevolently engaged hie
horst took fright, and ran down a yard way,
and plump through the side of a ban?,present
ing to the excited neighbors the spectacle ot
an uneasy carriage outside and a restless kick
ing horse inri Ie the barn.
—A Boston dispatch says:—“fhere ap
pears t have been unofficial action by either
party in regard to the lease of the Boston,
Hartford and Erie, by the Pennsylvania
Central company. The story had its orgin
in a letter from Superintendent Parker to the
vice president of the K nnsylvaniu U?ntral
rail-nad, as the B istmi, Hartford and Erb?
compaiy, owing to an embarrassed financial
co luition, is prevented from managing the
ro id properly.”
—A denizen of the Sixth Ward bought
a small pij Wednesday, to keep through the
winter, and while constructing a p. n was
alarmed by a terrible scuffling and outcry
near at hind. Going to the scene he found
his two boys administering various blows
and kicks to each other in a manner to smr
geat no doubt of their earnestness. Th°v
were fighting to determine which should
hive the pig’s tail tar a whistle when th<-
-animal was elan^Uvred. The parent im
planted his boot in the sag of their little
br.eehcs under the impression that the dis-
CMlioa was slightly prematarc.
—Rigid economists—dead misers.
—Thursday was the coldest Thanksgiving
we have had in years.
—The United States district court resumed
its session in Hartford Monday.
—The Danbury National Bank deciares a I
dividend of 5 per cent, the 55th.
—The November term of the Court of
Common Pleas commenced this afternoon at
Monday.
—A Bridgeport man offers the Duke Al
exis eleven hundred dollars for his entire
cfop of hair.
—A travelling company now organizing in
Litchfield County is the “Oxy Hydrogen
Steriscopticon.”
—Tin: shoe factory is closed for a fort
night, for inventorying. The season has
been a prosperous one.
—Only one gentleman reposed in the lock
up, Saturday night, and he was there more
from necersity than choice.
—Danbury has several model women.
They are becoming so plenty that almost
every milliner can have one.
—Another full house greeted the play of
the Drummer Boy, Saturday evening, The
gross receipts were about $550.
—II. 11. Barbour, Jr., the well-known
temperance lecturer of New Haven will lec
ture in New Milford, Friday, Dec. 22d.
—The available ponds were thronged with
skaters, Saturday night, and the amount of
acute rheumatism to-day is simply appall
ing.
—The tram up Saturday evening was
three quarters of an hour behind time, caused
by an accident to. the locomotive at South
Norwalk.
—A nobby looking brown velvet jockey
was picked up on Liberty street, Saturday
night, and a broad blue sash on White street,
Sunday night.
—The editor of the Meriden Recorder
says our little annecdote of Sam Stebbin’s
hound is too much for a dog to swallow,
and makes him gag.
—Hon. D. P. Nichols, Treasurer of the
State, returned from a two weeks’ jaunt to
Chicago and other points West, having en
joyed the time very pleasantly.
—The Sherman guards are making them
selves proficient in drill, but labor under the
disadvantage of having no guns. They ex
pect the equipments about New Years.
—Rev. Mr. Smith of Milwaukee, occu
pied the pulpit of the First Church, Sunday.
In the evening he entertained his audience
with a talk on the scenes and incidents of
the Chicago tire.
—As friend Peck of the Black Rock store
is the chief engineer of the new cross walk
opposite his store we feel safe in assuring
the public that a dry crossing may be found
there at any time.
—Failing to gratify a desire to go to the
show a malicious Grassy Plain boy introduc
ed cayenne pepper in his grandmother's
sunff. Only three of the six teeth she spill
ed on the occasion have been found.
—A young man, with his hat in his hand,
and dressed exquisitely was observed making
bis way through Main street, Monday.—
He had just come from a barber shop, and
was making his way to a photographers.
—ln the Superior Court the case of J. J.
Treadwell vs Isaac Reynolds, previously re
ported, was decided in favor of the plaintiff,
to recover $57 and his cost. A motion for
a new trial was made, and the case has gone
to the court of errors.
—Captain H. N. Fanton in the uniform
of a general in the Drummer Boy, presents
such a striking resemblance to President
Grant that ,wlu-n old Joe extends to him a
cigar no one in the audience believes he will
refuse it. And he doesn’t.
P apta'n John L. Whita, ot Hartford;
Captain A. C. Hendrick, of New Haven;
and Captain Goodwin, of Bridgeport, met at
New Haven last week, for the purpose of
preparing a manual for loading and firingthe
new Peabody rifle, which is a breech loader.
LJ —The ground was in such excellent con
dition Sunday that every body was wishing
it would snow. The wish was gratified at
3 p. in when a light snow commenced fall
ing and continued into the night. About
midnight it turned into a gentle rain.
—A .Muff gentleman whose obscure views
of the alphabet have compelled him to de
pend upon hear-say for the sweet story of
Ruth, recently observed that “young wMders
haven’t changed much since the days of
Ruth. They arc just as quick as was that
young woman to go looking up Boaz.”
—The three o’clock express out of New
York on the New York New York road,
Wedm sday, was th? great train of the seas
on, on which ail the New Englanders went
home to their Thanksgiving dinner. The
train comprised thirty passenger cars to
Stamford ami twenty three the rest of the
wav.
be Palladium says :—“The cars of
the New York, New Haven and Hartford
road will, it is expected go to the Forty
second stn et depot about the Ist of January.
Ther? ar no serious differences between the
company aud Mr. Vanderbilt, as we are as
sured, a:id the delay is caused in part by the
necessity of providing more turn-table and
ear room.”
—Daniel Brennan, at work on the founda
tion to the new sewing machine factory, at
tempted Saturday to raise a stone imbedded
iu the ground, and strained his back so seri
ously as ‘o temporarily paralyze his lower
limbs. He was removed to his home on
Bouton’s Lane where Dr. Brown attended
him. We h-arn that he is rapidly improv
ing.
—Coley Bartrain left his horse in front of
Northrop Co. s news office Saturday night
while he steppt d in the store. When he
came out the animal was gone. Not seeing
it on the street Mr. Bartram went home ex
pecting his horse had preceded him, but did
not find it there. Another search down
street was made, and the missing team was
found hitched in front of Stebbins Son’s
store.
—Town Hill was the scene of another
kerosene disaster, Friday evening. A lady
in passing down stairs slipped, and dropped
a lamp which immediately exploded, throw
ing the burning fluid upon her dress and the
stairs, and igniting both. With great pres
ence of mind she pressed the folds of her
dress together and thus smothered the flames.
The fire on the stairs was then easily extin
guished.
—The Winter term of the Centre District
schools commenced Tuesday. The follow
ing chang. s in teachers have been made:
Miss Grover takes the place of Miss llertelle
in room No. 8, the latter to go into the reci
tation room. Miss White takes Miss Camp’s
place in room No. 11. Miss Benedict re
lieves Miss Smith in No. 9. Miss Birdsall is
assigned to the Liberty street school in place
of Mr. Holmes.
—The teacher was rending to her scholars
the other day, an account of a serious fire
which had been caused, it was belived, by a
defective flue. When she had finished the
article she turned io the scholars and asked.
“Can anyone tell me what is adefective flue?”
A little hand went up promptly. “Well,
master Jones,” said the pleasant tutor,
“what isa defective fine f “Catarrh, mam,”
shouted the boy.
—A singular accident occured Monday
as th? 1.3*) freight was Stnuioo in. The
locomotive was switched at the junction of
three trucks and passed up a side track while
the train was to have been sent on the cen
tre track, but th? forward wheels of the first
car slipped the frog aud passed to an out
side track leaving the rear truck on the right
track, and in this way proceeded several rods
without any damage.
—We are informed that we gave incor
rectly the name of the band which furnished
the splendid music at tne Opera Hopse last
week. We called it Ives’ cornet band from
the fact that Mr. Gao, E. Ives, the Danbury
Kendall, is the leader, but our deduction
was not safe. The name of the band is of
ficially announced as the Amateurquartette
coraetserenadingbandofdanburyfairfieldcomL
tyconnectieutunitedstatesnorthimerlcaw-cste
rn 11 c m isph ere by gu m.
—The gentlemanly insane patient at the
lloepHsl who recently almost severed one of
ids wrists with an axe; iu Sherman, has,
after jumping over Uu» bpttom gash of a
window to the ground beneath—a dUtanpe of
fourteen feet—taken to reading thp Biblo,
and wi.l sit all day long uninteliigently de
vouring its contents. He also prays, and Is
indeed thoroughly religiously insane, —the
best kind of insauity, perhaps, for one to be
afflicted with.— Ecw Haven llcr/intcr.
-One of the skating party on Coionelv
pond, batlifday night, was an individual al
to'O’ther drunk for the condition of the
ice. At ev* r r effort Io display bis skill he
went down Reeovi ring himself from an
unusually severe fall he turned around on a
fat individual who was evotutmg back of
him, and suddenly enquired, “Is this your
pond, old lard?”’ “Why, no,” said the fat
gentleman, somewhat stariier! by the ques-
tion. What in thunder do you mean
then,” said the suddenly exasperated victim,
“by jerkin? the Ice out from under me.”
—Good weather to be mittened.
—Grace Chapter elect officers Tuesday
evening next.
Ira Sherman, foim eily of Danbury,
dropped dead in Newtown, Thursday.
—L. K. Mansfield has taken the livery
stable recently conducted by 8. F. Sherwood.
—Alfred Belt, of Danbury, went to New
York this morning to take passage for Old
England.
—One of our prominent citizens availed
himself of the soothing calm of the Sabbath
to patch his roof.
—When a young lady as!,; you if your
mother is afraid of burglars, yon will do well
to go home and see.
—Pike fishing, through the ice, has com
menced. A party of Danburians visited
Ball’s pond, Monday.
—Danbury boasts of a citizen with such
an august presence that whenever he steps
on the ice he goes through.
—Another sudden change in the weather
from the warm to the intensely cold. A
hurricane prevailed last night.
—Villa Miner present their charming
entertainment at the Opeia House on the
18tb, 19th and 20th of this month.
—Of this winter it is already predicted that
it will be the coldest, the dullest, and the
wickedest of any winter in years past.
—ls there should be no weatherto prevent
work, the rails on the Shepaug railroad will
be all laid this week.— Litchfield Sentinel.
—The butter used on a Danbury table is
spoken of by a boarder as being so old that
“it can see to thread the finest cambric
needle without glasses.”
—That the grave duties of our authorties
are in proper hands may be infered from the
fact that one of our most prominent officials
has not yet seen the inside of the Opera
House.
—The accident to the freight train yester
day afternoon, was more serious than re
ported. Five cars were thrown from the
track, and two wheels of the locomotive
slipped off.
—Copies of Rev. D. M. Hodge’s book
“The Highest Law, are issued in Turkey
Morrocco binding for holiday side. They
may be ordered from the publisher, through
Mr. Hodge.
—Pedestrians complain because the bor
ough gas is not lighted iu the early evening.
Before the moon rises the streets are quite
dark, and all available light should be
thrown upon them.
—A man in the eastern part of the State
has made'away with one hundred and twenty
oysters at one sitting. He probably belongs
in New London. They set a great deal of
store by their naval site.
—Two boys named Hamilton and Crofut,
respectively, broke through the ice while
skating on Starr’s pond, this afternoon the
water being shallow, they were helped out
after naving had a good ducking.
—The popular actress. “Little Nell”
wanted to engage the Opera House for the
Gth and 7th, but the House being engaged
’on t e latter evening by the suffrage dis
cussionists, she failed to make an engage
ment.
—Conductor Fowler’s train down on the
Housatonic railroad this afternoon bore
quite a wintry appearance. He says snow
to the depth of nearly three inches formed
iq Pittsfield Monday night and the cold was
intense.
—The work of laying the rails on the
Shepaug road will be finished to-morrow
night. It is hinted that an excursion train
will run from Hawleyville to Litchfield’
Friday. No arrangements have yet been
made for the running of trains, but it is
likely a freight train will be put on in a few
days, which will have a passenger car
attached.
—lt was hoped the extension of the Bos
ton, Hartford and Erie road from Putnam
to Wilimantic, where connection is to be
made with ths Hartford, Providence and
Fishkill railroad, would be completed this
season, but it is now thought that it will not
be opened before the first of May next, as
there would be many difficulties and few ad
vantages in finishing the construction of the
road while frost exists.
—The performance by the Ravell Brothers
at the Opera House, Monday evening, was
a slim affair. We learn that three persons
paid admittance, and that several conipli
mentaries were given those about the door.
The company’s advertising, indicate, its in
feriority. Second rate performances are
sometimes largely advertised, but a first class
company or firm never advertises in a second
class manner. The day for those things has
long gone by.
Liat of Le-ters
remaining in the Danbury post office Dec.
sth.
MissS. O. Ambler, Mrs. A. Baker, Bridg
et Collins,Connors Cane, Joseph Corn. J. B.
Constance 2, Cornelius Diggue, Jos. Dixon,
Mary A. Field, Mathias Fitz Patrick, Annie
Glennon, Annie Haviland, Mrs. T. Hill,
Mrs. 11. Knapp, Jos. 8. Latimer, Mary
Latcbford, Patrick Lavin, Andrew McDer
mott, Frank McDonald, Lydia Merritt, Pat
rick Mulvihill. Pat Moran, Frank Perkins,
W. H. Potter, Frank Schatzle, Edmund
Skiff, Corry Mead, Haucy Stevens, Lucius
Y. Smith 2, Augusta Thompson, Mr. Wed
more, Sarah Timpson, Christopher Warner,
Mary A. Webb, Mary A. White, Mrs. K.
Werner, Stephen Wordin.
Persons calling for the above letters will
please say advertised.
P. D. Crosby, P. M.
Narrow Eacape
As John Stewart and William Green,clerks
for L. 8. Benedict Bon, were driving
through River street, Thursday, delivering
goods, the king-bolt to the wagon broke, let
ting the forward part down, throwing out
both the occupants, and mixing up the well
arranged groceries. Stewart escaped with a
bruised hip, and Green came off without a
scratch. It was a narrow escape from ser
ious injuries. The horse ran on through
River street to Mallory’s factory whete it
was caught.
Mr Editor It should not surprise John
Henry if Old Alother Danbury should allow
every tenth building within her corporate
limits to be occupied as “ginmills,” and
that Sunday should not be too sacred for its
sale, when sonie of her best lawyers stand
up in public places and declare that the
present liquor law of Connecticut cannot be
successfully prosecuted against the violators
of the law. What man wishing to engage
in the rum traffic would hesitate a moment
after hearing such declarations from such a
source (whether on the Great Pasture road
or any other road.) When the advocates of
a temperance political party have pressed
their claims, they have almost invariably
been met with this argument, (and I believe
it true) that rhe law is as perfect and effi
cient as any law that can be made, and all
that is needed to make it successful is the
co-operation of public sentiment. If after
the signal success that has attended the
Washingtonian movement in Danbury public
sentiqient is not prepared to sustain the law,
theujwe may despair of ever seeing Danbury
rid of the ruinous traffic. 'B. M. M.
Superier Court— YUner, Judge.
The Court adjourned to Danbury on Mon
day week for the trial of several cases origin
ating in this section.
The case of Ruth C. Van Scoy vt. George
Van Bcoy was the first assigned for trial.—
The petitioner at the December term, 1870,
brought her petition for divorce from re
spondent, and for a conveyance of all the
real estate standing in his name to her, the
petitioner dinning that it was all originally
her estate. The case wr^ finally settled out
of Court, the respondent consenting to pet
itioner taking a decress for divorce. The
real estate is to be sold, aud the pnicecds
equally divided between the parties, Hir
am D. Gregory vs. Rebecca Benedict, two
cases, and Hiram p. Gregory va. Edward B.
Benedict, were commenced bqt not conciud
ed.
Catherine Ryan tM. B. C. Sherwood, pe
tition for an injunction, and to cancel a deed,
the petitioner some time ago conveyed a
piece of land on Wooster st. to one Tea who
in turn conveyed it to one Osborn aud he to
Sherwood. The land was staked out at the
first sale, and all the grantees except Sher
wood occupied iu accordance with the meas
urement first made, which, it seems, was
not in accordance with the description iu
the deed, sherwood, after being in possession
awhile discovered the discrepancy (so petit
ioner claims) and occupied all the land cal
led for in the deed, which was considerably
more thgn ivas originally intended to be
conveyed, The petition to cerppr
deed, agj jpalce lue description conform t M
the ground as ttraf ffl^flffed, and enjoin
respondent from occupying the disputed
an j. The evidence js all in, but the deci?-
op is rc* e rYcd.
_l2 '£2l
A SAO ACCIDENT.
A. LITTLE GIRL FATALLY BURNED.
A girl aged 11 years, daughter of James
Conor, living on the lower road leading to
Bethel, met with an accident Tuesday 25th
ult, which deprived her of her life. She
was left in the house with several smaller
children while the mother called on a neigh
bor. To amuse them she cracked a few
walnuts, and after picking out the meats,
she gathered the shells iu her apron and car
ried them to the stove. While emptying
them into the fire the apron, unnoticed by
her, was caught in the flam- and when she
discovered the accident the fu e had advanced
too far to be easily controlled. The chil
dren at once gathered about her, and suc
ceeded in extinguishing the tire, but not
until i heir sister was horribly burned, Medi
cal al I was brought as quickly as possible,
but could be of no avail. Her wounds were
too serious for successful treatment. She
was badly burned across the stomach and
breast, the flesh peeling off in lumps. The
unfortunate child lingered in great suffering
until the next day when death put an end to
her misery. The funeral was/itt ended Fri
day afternoon.
A Couiproml«e.
That the Washingtonian Society—as aSo
ciety—cannot prosecute “liquor sellers,” is
true; yet many members cannot see why
speakers should be considered “out of order”
when they advocate from “onr Platform”
the suppression of “drunkard-makers” by
“the authorities” at the public expense. It
seems to be considered all right to argue
against “legal suasion” but all contrary to
order to argue for it.
Now I propose that every temperance
speaker shall have full liberty of speech,
with the full understanding that we are a
“moral suasion” society, whose purpose is to
induce men, women and children to sign
and keep the total abstinence pledge, by con
tinually beating that “same old gong”—“So
briety is better than drunkenness,” —“Rum
drinking results in tangle-leg,”—“gutter re
pose,”— “The station house,” —“loss of
health, prosperity, and respectability,”—
“Idiocy, and a horrible, delirious, Death.”
Yet we may “beat the gong” till Gabriel’s
trump drowns the noise, and all those who
care not for the decency and good Jorder of
society, nor the wcll-beimr of their fellow
men, will continue to sell intoxicating fluids
till people will stop paying ten cents for
what does not cost three cents.
Bethel is a standing example that the au
thorities do suppress the liquor sellers.
P. B.—Whiskey dealers and drinkers will
please note—martial law was declared iu
Chicago because people were made “furi
ous” by drinking. And one drunken citizen
was shot by a soldier—and the Grand Jury
said, “served him nght.” A. T. P.
Union Service.
The Union service for Thanksgiving day
was held in the First church, commencing
at 11 o’clock. The cold prevented many
from attending, though a very respectable
number were present, and who were well re
warded for any sacrifices they may have
made in conforming to this time honored
custom. Rev. Mr. Hubbard invoked the
blessings of God on the services and read
the first hymn. Rev. Mr. Hatfield raad the
scriptures. Rev. E. E. Griswold offered
prayer, and Rev. Mr. Spindler delivered the
sermon. The text was contained inlThess.
5-18 to 21st verses.
The speaker showed the various causes for
Thanksgiving, individual and national mer
cies, absence of famine, pestilence and war,
abundant harvests, and the general prosperi
ty of the country. He spoke of the age as
being an inventive one, and that this lead to
materialism. It is also an age of great men
tal activity. New theories are being pre
sented—some of these conflict with Revela
tions. We are neither to reject or accept
them, but to prove them. He referred to
the changes taking place in respect to great
questions that affect men socially, politically,
morally and religiously. Our duty is to
prove all these and find out where truth
lies. We were also exhorted to hold fast
that which is good. We were to cling to
the Bible. The great truth that Jesus
Christ it the Saviour of men must be ad
hered to, his gospel must be preached, and
by this means these evils that afflict human
ity would be removed, and the world
brought back to her allegiance to the Prince
of Peace.
The Wabhln«r»onions.
In spite of the unpleasantness of the
weather, the attendance at the temperance
meeting was large, the hall being nearly
filled. The meeting was opened by the pres
ie’ent, after which the choir sang a very beau
tiful song. The president then introduced
to the meeting the Rev. Mr. Smith of Mil
waukee, who delivered a very excellent ad
dress. He referred in his remarks to the
late fires in the West and of the instrumen
tality of liquor in the destruction of human
life; that where it was the means of saving
one life it destroyed an hundred; stating
that when the fire broke out at Chicago men
would drink until they became crazed, and
then rush madly into the flames to certain
destruction.
He referred also to the use of wines in
foreign countries, giving as his opinion that
although the wines in common use in for
eign countries contains little or no alcohol,
he believed their use to be injurious to the
people from the fact that they created a
thirst for something stronger. He spoke al
so of the use aud of the manufacture of la
ger beer, describing the appearance of those
who drank it. He said that a long contin
ued use of lager beer gave a man the appear
ance of a walking beer barrel, and that a
slight scratch on the person of such a man
would sometimes result in death. His ad
dress was instructive and entertaining
throughout and at its close, on motion of the
president, a vote of thanks was given him.
He was followed by vice-presid nt Peck in a
few remarks very pleasing to all, and which
were applauded by the audience. At the
close of his remarks the choir sung another
song. The president then called on Mr.
Win. Brown, the former secretary of the
society, who made a few very excellent re
marks, after which the meeting closed. The
number of names on the pledge of the soci
ety is eleven hundred and forty-two.
F. 8.
The Model Ulan
Rev. .Mr. Hatfield preached in the Metho
dist church on Sunday evening on the
“Model Man.” He began by saying that
the remark is often made “I should like to
see a Model Man.” It might be infered
from this that if found he would be one of
the greatest curiosities us cur times. In
order to distinguish him among the crowd
certain traits of character were noticed,
which did, and which did not belong to him.
Neither bigotry, avarice, envy or indolence
entered into the formation of this creation.
Nor was he distinguished for beauty of form,
or the amount of money in his purse, or the
value of jewelry on his person, or his fluency
of speech, or quality' of manners, for a man
might have all these, aud have a heart as
black with crime as Cataline, or be as de
ceptive as Herod the murderer of John.
1 He is diligent in business, he gave it the
attention it demaded. No man could suc
ceed in life honestly who spent most of his
time at watering places, bout races, cricke
matches and in similar sports, and left his
business chiefly to be carried on by otheri.
2 He is a rigid economist. His aim is to
make all he can, to save nil be can, and to
give all he can away.
3 He is strictly honest, he will not ask
more for an article than it is worth, nor put
up the price because somebody else does, or
because a company or companies have com
bined to do it. Nor will he represent an
article to be better than what it is for the
sake of selling it to advantage. There are
no false weights or measures in his store,
shop or yard. He will not cheat his neigh
bors, the government or the church, lie
gives liberally to good causes and God bkss
him for his libefality.
4 He is independent in thoughts, word
and action. He fears not to stand up for
the right. Money cannot bribe nor threats
intimidate.
He is in favor of all ben- lien’* reforms.
He Is a strong supporter of the ’1 .perance
cause aud is neither afraid nor ashamed to he
identified with this movement. When grea
questions arc agitating the public mind and
demand the aid of honest and loyal men for
their just settlement he stands not on neu
tral ground, nor opcunlea a position sp doqbt
ful that he is claimed by both parties. He
speaks, prays, votes and exerts lus influence
against wrong of every kind. He was next
viewed iu the retirement of ITs home. Lie
was not only polite and kind to his wife
abroad, but iu the domestic circle. He did
not speuei his evenings in stores, shops am]
saloons, and leave bis wife alone to toil
for his welfare. He did not get angry if
dinner was late, or favorite dish appeared
not on the table. Hawas polite aud court
eous tq ail especially to woihaij. There was
no more certain sign that a nu;n was low
bred, mean, and hard hearted than to see
Jjijn manifest upklmjneM or Impplitsneiw to-
wards woman. He would not walk the 1
streets puffing a cigar in her face or what
was worse come into her presence with the
fumes of alcohol so strong- that he could be
scented from the bar room to the parlor, i
Lastly he was a true Christian.
The sermon closed by holding up Christ as j
the world’s model man, and exhorting all to I
comform to His teachings, and to imitate His
virtues.
The Shepaug; Koadin Bethe],
Mr. Editor: —l think Tax Payer has!
sharpened his old rusty hoe the way he cuts
aud slashes, but let him beware lest he cuts
his own shins. Let me tell him, that bad it
not been for the Magnates, the six thousand
would never have been raised, and the road
never have been built from Bethel, and the
thousands of dollars already in the hands of
those fortunate citizens who own property
in the way of the road would never have
made their hearts radiant. Why sir, twice
six thousand will be paid simply for the
right of way, and whether we >.>ze SIOO,-
1 000 or §500,000, will any sensible man claim
that the $6,000 has not been well inves'd
j and by those very persons called Magn ites
by Tux Payer? and let me ask Tax Pa' rif
the majority did not rule with a lon voice
in town meeting, and did it not th n aud
there manifest a will to do just what the
Magnates have done. None but chronic old
fogy grumblers, who sit in the shade and
growl that their bees are making no honey
I could object to giving the D. N, R. R.
I the six thousand instead of to the Shepaug
j road.
D. Muri-.uii.
Connecticut Ca»uallti« s.
Owen Fay died suddenly in Ansonia Fri
day.
An unknown man was run over ami killed
by a Naugatuck train at Seymour, Friday,
Henry Seymour was run over and killed
by a New Haven train Wednesday night.
A Naugatuck train struck a carriage at
i Ansonia, Thursday evening, killing the
I hprse and fatally injuring a young girl.
Albert Ives, a well known resident of
Hampden, was killed on the road to New
Haven, Friday afternoon. He was driving
from the city with a load of furniture when
he collided with another team, and being
thrown in front of his wagon, the wheels
passed over his h ead, crushing his skull and
killing him instantly.
$'4,000 worth of Postage Stamps Stolen
The Standard of Friday evening reports the
following bold robbery:—The Bridgeport
Post Office was robbed between twelve and
one o’clock this afterncon of over $2,000
worth of stamps. At the time only Mr.
Tracey, the Postmaster, and one clerk were
in the office, it being an hour when but lit
tle is doing Two men came in and while
one of them was talking with Mr, Tracey at
the delivery the other engaged the attention
of the clerk, The man who conversed with
Mr. Tracy pretended to have some important
matter to talk over and wanted his “undivid
ed attention.” After talking awhile Mr.
Tracey heard the door opening into the gen
eral business office close, and looked around,
whereupon the two men immediately left.
The theft was discovered at once. The thief
probably entered the office, while the Post
master and his clerk were busy talking with
his two pals, and climbing over the desk ab
stracted the stamps from the safe.
One of the two men was arrested by Of
ficer Arnold at the depot before one o’clock
and locked up. He pretends to know noth
ing of tl;e affair and say s he hails from New
Jersey. Capt. Ryland's and the Post Office
clerk got on board the 12:40 train to go to
Norwalk and watch the trains, and found
the second man on the train. He was ar
rested and brought back by the 2:09 train
The real thief is yet at large. He was not
seen sufficiently to be described accurately.
The police are on the alert and it is hoped he
will soon be caught.
’Tis but one step from the sublime to the
ridiculous, and that step was taken at Booth's
Theatre the other night. It was in the
grand scene where Catharine is summoned to
appear before the court. She enters, clad in
regal attire, her whole appearance indicative
of conscious innocence, bhe protests against
their right to arraign her- All her queenly
nature is in arms at the insult. Then she
launches forth into an impressive defence,
concluding with a fierce torrent of eloquence,
and drawing her majesticil form up to its
full height, (amid the breathless silence of
the audience,) elands fearlessly and triumph
antly confronting her judges; when, from a
remote corner of the Olympian gallery the
sharp, shrill voice of an indolescent god ut
ters the magic word “Keno!” and the
majesty of Catharine is torn to tatters.
A lad, when asked by a lady if he studied
hard st school, said, “I do not hurt myself
at it. “Ah said the lady, “you must
study hard or you’ll never be president of the
United States.” “No, ma’am,” cried the
boy “but 1 don't expect to be. I’m a dem
ocrat
Wc were sitting with Horace one after
noon in that little sanctum of his adjoining
the counting room of the Tribune, when a
colored gentleman was announced. “Let
him come in,” roared the philosopher, and
an aged darkey, clad in broad-cloth, gold
rimmed spectacles, and a cane headed with
the same precious metal, stalked in “Mister
Greeley, I believe?” be inquired. “Yes,
I’m Mister Greeley; what do you want?”
was the gruff response. “Well, sah,” said
old Ebony Specs, seating himself as he de
posited his hat and cane on the floor, “Well,
sah, I’ve been thinkin’ that our race don’t
pay enuff attention to scientific pursuits,
sah.” We saw the cloud gather on the in
tellectual countenance of the great journalis
tic Bohemian, aud in a voice of thunder he
exclaimed; “Scientific pursuits you d—d
old fool; you want a hoe handle and patch
of New Jersey—that is the scientific pin suit
you want. Get out 1”— Warhine/ton Capi
tal.
Afternoon card parties are a fashionable
style of entertainment this season.
Many gentlemen wear shirt studs composed
of gold and the hair of their fiances.
The latest style of ring is of small torquoise
beads, very oval, with a pearl or diamond in
the center. The prettiest watch chains are
made of tortoise shell fastened with gold
links. The newest style of dressing the hair
is the “Alexis twist.” A puff is worn very
high on the head, surrounded by a twist of
hair to imitate a cable rope, and is ornamen
ted on one side by a large gilt anchor. Some
of the most elegant street costumes this win
ter are of grey cloth or velvet, trimmed with
chinchilla or thi^ur of the silver fox, with
muffs t<> match.
New Tanning Maiet-lal.
A citizen of Vermont has made a discovery
in tanning leather, which he claims will
revolutionize the business. The material he
uses is dye from forest leaves. He has been
experimenting with leaves for the past two
months, and the result is said to be entirely
satisfactory. One ton of leaves will tan as
much leather us five cords of hemlock bark,
and will do the work in one half the time.
By mixing the leaves and bark in equal pro
portions, one-fourth of the time is saved.
The leather tanned by this process is
smoother, more flexible, and yet retains the
strength of the raw hide in a greater degree
than than tanned by bark.
One of the saints asked a monk to teach
him a psalm. He began with this, I eaid,
I will take heed to my ways, that I offend
not with my tongue.” Having learned the
first verse, he asked to have it explained;
and having heard the explanation, eaid he
would not learn any more until ho had done
what this yerse commanded, and would af
terwards learn the rest. He did not return
for several years, and the monk meeting
him, asked why he did not learn the rest of
the psalm he replied he had not yet doue
what was contained in the first.
The Hartford Times says the custom
which has prevailed of ladies about to oe
married, not showing themselves for a week
beforehand, has been broken up in that city.
A Chicago boot-black recently appeared
in Detroit and bought a S9OO lot, for which
he paid in fractional cv,rrepcy mainly of
the denomination pf tep cents, and which it
took three hours to count, Ho is only 11
years old, and says he made this money m
boot-blacking in three years.
A gentleman in Pittsburg, Pa., has a well
of natural gas on his premises. It supplies
eight Area, and lights all the house and yard
besides. An open fireplace is in one of the
rooms, and the fire looks old-fashioned like
the log ones of our forefathers. The flame
is increased or diminished at uica^ure, by
simply touching a valve. Nothing is re
quired to light it save the match. It makes
neither smoke nor dirt—a blessed thing for
hoaMr keepers.
THE MESSAGE.
The third annual message of President
Grant was presented to Congress, Tuesday
FOREIGN RELATIONS —THE ENGLISH TREATY.
The relations of the United States with
Foreign Powers continue to be friendly, j
I transmit herewith a copy of the Treaty,
which has been concluded sines the adjourn
ment of Congress, with Her Britannic Majes
ty and a copy of the protocols of the con
ferences of the commissioners by whom it
was negotiated. Tins treaty provides meth
ods for adjudicating the questions pending
between die two nations. Various questions
are to be adjusted by arbitration. 1 recoin- j
mend Congress, at an early day, to make the
necessary provision lor the Tribunal at Ge-
neva, md for the several commissions on
the part of the United States, called for by
th, aty.
Ris Majesty,the Emperor of Germany has
consented to act as the arbitrator of the dis-1
puted water boundary between the United
States and Great Britain.
THE FISHERIES.
1 recommend the legislation necessary on
the part of the United btates to bring into
operation the articles of the treaty relating
to the fisheries, and to the other matters
touching the relations of the United States
toward the British North American possess
ions, to become operative so soon as the
i proper legislation shall be had on the part of
Great Britain and its possessions.
PROVISIONS or THE TREATY REGARDING CANALS i
i 1 have addressed a communication, of
I which a copy is transmitted herewith, to i
I the Governors of New York, Pennsylvania,
Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois and Wis
consin, urging upon the governments of
i these States respectively the necessary ac-
tion on their part to carry into effect the ob-
I ject of the article of the treaty which con-
1 templates 'the use of the canals on either
side connected with the navigation of tbd
i lakes and rivers forming the. boundary, on
terms of equity by tne inhabitants of both
countries.
AUSTRIA AND ITALY.
'rhe ratification of the Consular and Natu
ralization Convention with the Hungarian
Empire have been exchanged. I have been
officially informed of the annexation of the
States of the Church to the Kingdom of
Italy, and the removal of the Capital of
that Kingdom to Lome. Ir conformity
with the established policy of the United
States, I Lave recognized this change.
I
THE COMMISSION ON SPANISH CLAIMS.
For adjudicating upon the claims of the
citizens of the United States against Spain,
growing out of the insurrection in Cuba has
I been organized. It is hoped that this com
j mission will afford the claimants a complete
I remedy for their injuries.
It lias been made, the agreeable duty of
i the United States to preside over a eonfer
ence at Washington between the penipoten
tiaries of Spain and the allied South Ameri-
I can Republics which has resulted in an
armistice with the reasonable assurance of a
permanent peace.
RELATIONS X’TH RUSSIA.
The intimate friendly relations which have
so long existed between the United States
and Russia, continue undisturbed. The
visit of tfie third son of the Emperor is a
proof that there is no desire on the part of
bis Government to diminish the cordiality
of those relations. The hospitable recep
tion which has been given to the Grand
Duke is a proof that on our side we share
the wishes of that Government.
PUBLIC LANDS AND AGRICULTURE.
1 renew my recommendation that the
pnblic lands be regarded as a heritage to our
children, to be disposed of only as required
for occupation and to actual settlers Those
already granted have been in great part
disposed of in such a way as to secure access
to the balance by the hardy settler who may
wish to avail himself of them. But caution
should be exercised, even in attaining so de
sirable an object. Educational interest may
J well be served by the grant of proceeds of
sale of public lands to seitiers.
Quietly, but surely, the Agricultural
j Bureau is wo iking a great national goo t,
and, if liberally supported, the more widely
its influence win be extended, and the less
j dependent we shall be upon the products of
I foreign countries.
COMPENSATION TO HEADS OF DERARTMENTS.
The subject of compensation to the heads
of bureaus and officials holding positions of
responsibility and requiring ability and char
acter to fill them properly, is one to which
your attention is invited. But few of the
officials receive a compensation equal to the
respectable support of a family, while their
duties are such as to involve millions of
interest. In private life sei vices demand
compensation equal to the services rendered,
i A wise economy would dictate the same rule
in the Government scivice.
AN AMNESTY ACT RECOMMENDED.
More than six years having elapsed since
the last hostile gun was fired between the ar
mies then arrayed against each other, one
for the perpetuation, the other for the de
struction of the Union, it may well be con
sidered whether it is not now time that the
disabilities imposed by the XlVth Amend
ment should be removed. That amendment
docs not exclude the ballot, but only imposes
the disability'to hold office upon certain
classes. When the purity of the ballot is
secure, majorties are sure to elect officers re
flecting the views of the majority. Ido not
see the advantage or propriety of excluding
men from office merelj' because they were,
before the Rebellion, of standing and char
acter sufficient to be elected to positions re
quiring them to take oaths to support the
Constitution, and admitting to eligibility
those entertaining precisely the same views
but of less standing in their communities.
the honesty of public servants
It has been the aim of the Administration
to enforce honesty and efficiency in all pub
lic offices. Every public servant who has
violated the trust placed in him has been pro
ceeded against with all the vigor of the law.
If bad men have secured places it has been
the fault of the system established by law
and custom for making appointments, or the
fault of those who recomend for Govern
ment positions persons not sufficiently well
known to them personally, or wbogive letters
indorsing the chamter of office-seekers with
out a proper sense of the grave responsibility
which such a course devolves upon them A
civil service reform which can correct this
abuse is much desired.
THE POLYGAMOUS MORMONS.
In Utah there still remains a remnant of
barbaiism, repugnant to civilization, decen
cy, and to the laws of the Uniied States.
Territoiial officers, however, have been found
who are willing to perform their duty in a
spirit of equity, and with a due sense of sus
taining the majesty of the law. Neither
polygamy nor any other violation of existing
statutes will be permitted within the terri
tory of the United States. It is not with
(he religion of the self-styled saints that we
are now dealing, but with their practices.
They will be protected in the worship of
God according to the dictates of their con
science, but they will not be permitted to
violate the laws under the cloak of religion.
It may be advisable for Congress to consider
what, in the execution of the law against
polygamy, is to be the status of plural wives
and their offspring. The propriety of Con
gress passing an Enabling Act authorizing
the Territorial Legislature of Utah to legiti
mate all children born prior to a time fixed
iu the act, might be justified by its humanity
to these innocent children.
THE INDIAN POLICY.
j Through the exertions of the various Soci
eties of Christians, to whom has been in
trusUd the execution of the policy, and the
Board of Commissioners authorized by the
law of April 10, 1869, many tribes of Indi
ans have been induced to settle upon reser
wations, to cultivate the soil, to perform pro
ductive labor of various kinds, and to par
tially accept civilization.
JAPAN, COREA, CHINA.
With Japan we continue tQ maintain inti
mate relations. The Cabinet of the Mikado
has, since the close of the last session of
Congress, selected citizens of the United
States to serve in offices of importance in
several departments of government.
Prompted by a desire to put an end to
the barbarous y-eatment of our shipwrecked
sailors on the corean coast, I instructed our
Minister at Pekin to endeavor to conclude a
Convention with Corea for securing the safe
ty and humane treatment of such mariners.
Admiral Rogers was instinoted to accompa
ny him, with a Sufficient force to protect
him in case of need. A small surveying
party sent out on reaching the coast was
treacherously attacked at a disadvantage.
Ample opportunity was given for explana
tion and apology. Neither came. A force
was then landed. After an arduous march
over a rugged and difficult country, the forts
from which the outrage had been committed
were reduced by a gallant assault, and were
destroyed. Having thus punished the crim
inals and having vindicated the honor of the
flag, the expedition returned, finding it im
practicable under the circumstauces to con
clude the desired convention.
MEXICO, CENTRAL AND SOUTH AMERICA. j
The Republic of Mexico has not yet re-
pealed the very objectionable laws establish-
ing what is known as the Free Zone on the i
frontier of the United States. It is hoped
that tliis may yet be done; and also that
more stringent measures may bo taken by
that Republic for restraining lawless persons
on its frontiers. The internal dissensions of
tliis Government present no justification for
the absence of effort to meet their solemn
treaty obligations. The ratification of the
Extradition Treaty witli Nicaragua has been
exchanged.
SPAIN AND CUBA.
I desire to direct your attention to the
fact that citizens of the United States, or
persons claiming to be citizens of the Uni
ted States, are large holders in foreign lands
of this species of property, forbidden by the
fundamental law of the*r alleged country.
1 recommend to Congress to provide by strin
gent legislation a suitable remedy against the
holding, owning, or dealing in slaves or be
ing interested in slave property in foreign
lands, either as owners, hirers, or mortgagers,
by citizens of the United States. It is to be
regretted that the disturbed condition of the
Island of Cuba continues to be a source of
annoyance and anxiety. Our naval com
manders in Cuban waters have been instruc
ted, in case it should become necessary, to
spare no effort to protect the lives and prop
city of bona fide American citizens, and to
maintain the dignity of the flag. It is hoped
that all pending questions with Spain, grow
ing out of the affair in Cuba, may be adjust
ed in the spirit of peace and conciliation,
which has hitherto guided the two powers in
their treatment of such questions.
NATIONAL FINANCES.
The National Debt has been reduc cd to
the extent of $8(5,057,12(1.80 during the
year; and by the negotiation of national
bonds at a lower rate of interest, the inter
est, the interest on the public debt has been
so far diminished that now the sum to be
raised for the interest account is nearly $17,-
000^1) 0 less than on the first of March, ’O9.
But in view of the accomplishment of these
desirable ends of the rapid development of
the resources of the country, its increasing
ability to meet large demands and the
amount already paid, it is not desirable that
the present resources of the country should
continue to be taxed in’order to continue
this rapid payment. 1 therefore recommend
a modification of both the tariff and internal
tax laws.
i The present laws for collecting the reve
mu-s pay-Collectors of Customs small sala
ries, but provide for moieties, shares in all
seizures,- which, at principal ports of entry
particularly, raise the compensation of these
officials tqa large sum. It has always seem
ed to me as Z this system must gt times work
perniciously. It holds out an inducement io
dishonest men, should such get possession of
those offices, to be lax in their scrutiny of
goods entered to enable them finally to make
large seizure^.
Continued fluctuations in" the value of
gold, as compared with the national curren
cy, have had a most damaging effect upon
the increase and development of the coun
try, in keeping up prices of all articles nec
essary in every day life. If the question
can be met as to how to get a fixed value to
our currency—that value constantly and
uniformly approaching par with specie a
very desirable object will be gained.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The enlarged receipts of the Post-Office
Department, as shown by the accompanying
report of the Postmaster General, exhibits a
gratifying increase in that branch of the
public service. The suggestion of the Post
master General for improvements in the De
parlmentjpresided over by him, are earnestly
recommend'd to your special attention;
especially do I recommend favorable .consid
eration of the plan for uniting the telegraph
system of the United States with the postal
system.
KU-KLUX AND MARTIAL LAW IN SOUTH CAR
OLINA.
There has been imposed upon the Execu
tive branch of the Government the exccu
lion of the Act of Congress approved April
i 20, 1871, and commonly known as the Ku-
Khix law in a portion of the State of South
Carolina. The necessity of the course pur
sued will be demonstrated by the report of
the Committee to Investigate Southern out
rages under the provisions of the above act.
I have issued a proclamation calling the at
tention of the people of the United States to
the same, and declaring my reluctance to use
any of the extraordinary powers thereby
conferred upon me, except in case of impera
tive necessity, but making known my pur
pose to exercise such power whenever it
should become necessary to do so, for the
purpose of securing to all citizens of the
United States the peaceful enjoyment of the
rights guaranteed to them by the Constitu
tion and laws. After the passage of this
law, information was received from time to
time that combinations of the character re
ferred to in this law ex steil, and were pow
erful in many parts of the Southern States,
particularly in certain counties in the State
of South Carolina. Careful investigation
was made, and it was ascertained that in nine
counties of that State sneh combinations
were active and powerful, embracing a suf
ficient portion of the citizens to control the
local authority, and having among other
thing, the object of depriving the emancipat
ed class of the substantial benefits of free
doom and of preventing the free political
action of those citizens who did not sympa
thize with their own views. Thereupon, on
the 12th of October, a proclamation was is
sued in terms of the law calling upon the
members of those combinations to disperse
within five days, and to deliver to the Mar
shall, or military officers of the United
States, all arms ammunition; uniforms, dis
guises, and other means and implements used
by them for canning out their unlawful
purposes. Tliis warning not having been
heeded, on the 17tb of October another proc
lamation was issued suspending the privi
lellge of the writ of habeas corpus in nine
counties in that State.
How to make Mischief.
Keep your eye on your neighbors. Take
care of them. Do not let them stir without
watching. They mny do something wrong
if you do. To e sure, you never knew
them to do anything very bad, but it may be
on your account they have not. Pelhaps if
it had not been for your kind care, they
might have disgraced themselves a long time
ago. Therefore do not relax any effort to
keep them where they ought to be. Never
mind your own business—that will take care
of itself. There is a man passing along—
he is looking over the fence—suspicious of
him perhaps he contemplates stealing,some
of these dark nights there is no knowing
what queer fancies he may not have got into
his head.
If you find any symptoms of any passing
out of the path of duty, tell every one else
what you see, and be particular to spe a great
many.
It is a good way to circulate such things,
though it may not benefit y ourself or any
one else particularly. Do keep something
going—silence is a dreadful thing; though
it was said there was silence in heaven for
the space of half an hour, do not let any
such thing occur on earth; it would be too
much for this mundane sphere.
If, after all your watchful care, you can
not see anything out of the way in any’ aye,
you may be sure it is not because they have
not done anything bad perhaps ip, an un
guarded moment you lose sight of them— 1
throw out hints that they are uo belter than
ihey should be—that you should not wonder
if the people found out what they were, af
ter a while, then they may not carry their
heads high. Keep it going, and some one
may take the hint and begin to help you
along alter a while—then there will be mu
sic, and everything will work like a charm.
A member of the suite of the Grand Duke
and a son of a captain in the fleet, named Peter
Vorontoff, experimented in Jersey lightning
at New Yoik, a night or two since, and had
to spend the hours till morning, in the Jeffer
son market pen, after which lie was released
with a reprimand by the considerate police
justice.
The records of the Allen county, Indiana,
divorce court are somewhat striking. One
thousand two hundred applications for single
life have been granted, and one hundred and
twelve have been rejected. 'I he applications
were seven from husbands and three from
wives out of every ten that were made.
One day’s work of the court liberated eighty
two hymenial victims.
A I.ondon policeman with amoral obliqui
ty as black as if he had had a Tammany
training, lately seized a little boot-black boy,
threatened to take him into custody, and, on
reaching a back street, exacted eight-pence
from the lad as the price of setting him at
liberty. For this little episode the authori
ties have given him five years’ penal servi
tude.
Tags of all sizes, at manufacturer s prices,
at The News Printing Office.
Headquarters for the Singer Improved
Family Sewing Machines at Morehouse
Heath’p. A full stock.
Don’t fail to get some of those fine Stere
oscopic Views at Hamlin’s,
Any Book published in the U. 8. furnish
ed at one day’s notice at Hamlin’s.
The Duke Alexis does not begin to draw
the crowds that Hamlin drawsj every day for
those superior Picture Frames of his.
Something new. Examine and you v. ill
buy no other. The patent self closing Diary
for 1872, fai superior to the old fashioned
rubber bands and tucks. For sala at Ham
lin’s.
Watch No. 1007, Stem Winder—bearing
Trade Mark “Frederic Atherton Go., Mar
ion, N. J.”—manufactured by United States
Watch Co., (Giles, Wales C 0.,) has been
carried by me some months; its total varia
tion from mean time being only eight seconds
per month.—Wm. Mitchkil, "Conductor P
j K. R. R.
e
I consider my Florence a prize,” so said
young lady whh had purchased of More
o use Heath.
Brown Spencer will supply country
stores with Ess. Peppermint, Castor Oil,,
Laudnum and Paregoric in bulk, or put ini
vials suitable for the trade, and at prices as
low as can be procured in New York city,
and saving freight charges; also Essences,
Tinctures, &c. warranted full strength (ac
cording to United States Pharmacopea) and
prepared from the purest materials. Coun
try dealers please remember this when in
want of anything in the Drug line.
In this town, Nov. 27th, by she Rev. Dr.
Hawley, Mr. John Miller and Miss Augusta
Eyding, both of Danbury.
In this town Nov. 29th, by the Rev. Phil
lip Germond, Mr. George B. Benjamin to
Miss. Anna S. Hom blower both of Danbury.
In this town, Nov 29th, by Rev. W. F.
Hatfield, Mr. John R. Darling to Miss
Gussie V. Barcley both of Danbury.
In Bethel, on Thanksgiving Day’ at St.
Thomas’ Church by Rev. Mr. Patterson, Mr.
Charles Van Benschoten, of Brooklyn, N.
Y, and Emma, daughter of lion. T. B.
Wheeler of Bethel.
At the residence of the bride’s parents in
Bridgeport, Nov. 29tb, by the Rev. 8. N.
Platt. Mr. William Sperry, of New Haven
and Miss. Lucie G. Beers, of Bridgeport.
Bridal compliments acknowledged.
Died, 1
In this town, Nov. 29tb, Katie Conar,aged
10 years.
In this town, Dec. Ist, Margaret E. Ryan,
aged 3 years.
In Brookfield, Nov. 29th, Ciutha J. Mor
ris, aged 78 years.
In |New Milford, Nov. 26th, infant of
Lewis Coggswell.
In New Milford, Dec. Ist, Howard, son of
J. T. Underhill, aged 4 y’ears.
tn New M ilford, Dec. 2d, Edgar C. Wells,
aged 40 years.
In Roxbury Nov. 28tb, Anna Judson aged
85 years.
In Kent Nov. 29th, Asenitb, wife of Mar
shall Straight, aged 54 years.
At Pawling, Dutchess Co., N. Y., on Nov.
26, Mrs. Abigail Tweedy, in the 761 h year
of her age.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
111 8,11(1 District, deceased
IheCourt of Probate for the District of Danburv
hath limited and allowed six months from the date
?in r >m» r° r ,h e editors of said Estato to exhibit their
claims for settlement. Those who nemect to nresent
SKS atleß within Mir? time,
said Estatl recovery. All persons indebted td'
ment to U requested to make immediate pay-
-MM H. STARR,.Executor.
1 1 jISTR'CT OF DANBURY, ss. Probate Court'
AA? n i, bcr ,b 1871 Estat e o' Oren A. Ro^
er S.? f P a,l lary ln 80,(1 District, assigning debtor
1 the Priet o? Danbury
l a,h k tc l and allowed lill the sth day of February
f th»i^ Creditors of said Estate, in which to exhibm.
nfm-ft” 1118 ’hereto and has appointed Geofre W
Hamilton and Henry C. Ryder of said Danbury
Commissioners to receive and examine and claims
Tb,, -i '•er’ified by Benezet A Hough. Clerk
ibT^m b 755* rs notice that they shall meet ah
«b Ecnry C Kyder in said Danbury on thS
_ sth day of January and February, 1871, at two
o dock, in the afternoon, on each of said davs, for
the purpose of attending on the business of said an
pointment. F
GEORGE W. HAMILTON, IQtemmU
HENRY C. RYEFR' fXn".
t All persons indebted to .-aid Estate are rcq>e»ted
to make immediate payment to 4
91-4 W CHARLES H, CROFUT, Truatee.
SE^LHOTICBS. .2

TOVES, FURNACES AND RANG! S.
I I
I
CHAS. HULL SON
SELL
The
‘‘EMPIRE” Gas Burner^
Barstow’s
MODEL COOK,”
and new
“SAMPLE COOK,”
“GOLDEN 0.1. LE Eurnace


I A
‘‘BEAUTY” Elevated Oven
Range.
Ail on exhibition
i
AND FOR SALE RY
<Dlias. Hull Won,
OPl’. CONCERT HALL.
Ako. the hrgeat *tock of
Crockery,
Hardware,
Cutlery and Guns,,
IRON STEEL
Springs, A.xle», tfcc.,