M*
Tfnai of Nabirrlption, i
mmruißuxci:
P»iU Edition, by M\n_ 2 .<vj
in-Weekt* tuition, per year, by mlil.
cnnrlij Fiiiiipn. p*r y.-»r, by m hi... 2in
.Weekly Sditfen, per year, by matt-,,..,, 2M
f*rti of i »»»r at.ihe itao n te.
To prevent del*y and tnUtake*. be «ure and.clre Tost
Omcraddn-M in fail, Jnclndiuif Slate ami :o«nty.
roatmaatere are nlloaeti 10 rer caul commission on’
T«rlyAnbfcrirti‘‘o9.
r.i-mitUrc.. may be made either by draft, eipresa.
f®** Oflice order, «r In rejiftered Mrem.at our ri«k.
TOavs -0 errr scMcmcii:.
r.!,!., fu,L.l.i rxc.-rltj. a c,„„ wr w et
Paily. •leliveiri, Sunday Ineltvled.3ocents per week
-Adthe*4 -THE TRIBUNK COMTAN’T.
Js’o. Chicago, in.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 2S. 1871,
Brauoli Office.
For ihe accommodation of our cu-tomcre In the
Soulli Uirlaioa of tbo’citjr, a branch office of Ton Tm-
I: frame h.lhcon ootbbliabcd ai No. 4CO Wabash avenno’
111 A* Wooers. Cobb, Andrews i Co
wbcrejtdvcrU»cmcn!6 and tubocrlptlons. and chun-oj
in Iho'dcUverr ofTna Tutnonnean bo loft up to'io
sill njC'lvu the fame attention ns if lefi
aCUtc juahutflicc.„
To AilTerUurit
Wo eba!l dernto all the fp.ee we can spars to ad-.
'r i A ^sU s' t s b^armmind
f booariier thea: briar os What they
want published, and the more it’is condensed in
spaee. the more certain H is t* sesure insertion. In
ordertalndneo the .condensation,_we shell, untH
farther notice, charse oocslb bitm roa DtEPLAtkD
ADTtttucsfcxTS. On solid advertisements ratos*
will remain the laxneaa before tho fire. We only
dealreto aeeommodate all During the p#B*.wwlr‘
we hare been compelled each day to learo out from
ten to twelve columns of important business an.
Buuncemonte. If all bad been condensed we ooalJ
•have done much bettor. W« are sore that each cus
tomer would rather hare bis advertisement pnb
lUhed in some shape than nat at ell. Wo adopt
this rule as tho only present means of -looommodal*
ifl* the pnblie.
thJour irosiiUTionrst
Ftrr-IToor Ticket for city and County
Officer!*
Jodie of (bo Sarerior Court-John A.
Judge ol ltis Circuit (flart~S»mo*l W. Fulltr
County Ticaruirr—Julian S. Kom-ey.
Police ContruH-ionor— Jacob Tteixin?
Connty Commlsidonera,
JUwerf Taken.
on nai.au Wahl. Oerter H. Harn.oo,
Jotin Jenr*, Harris,
ISiitht. Cii, Tliof, LbUortmi
D. C. Ju'iud White.
Join. John Ifariinj
J. 11. I’aiilman. Satnnal A*htuu
Jofcph Itoelle.
City Officer!.
Wtyor—sl«*iill.
TTrMbUrr—D. A. On;:e.
('•olli'cJ. r-iteoifw Vi n notion.
Attornn lsr.iol N. Stile*.
Clerk I’oliff Cmirt—e. H. Union.
Folk* John
I*. T. Sl-.prji.ffk.
W. U, fcli.rLupy.
Aldermen.
Word*.
1. Chinnr'jT.
2. Arthur Diioa. 12. Ilcnih
3-IThilo J. W*rn.-r. JS. C* o. W. SL.enV.7cd
d. J. 11. WcAror. It. K*m Clev..J*,,j
5. B. B. Stmip. If.. J. Vant Von i
6. D. Kruifli W. Ifr. 1 Lr*i. Stout
7. William IT. o. yiur.chipV}, .or
J.Clnrr*. Ip. outMi MctVihr
|v. James WcSUllea. In. ilahJou Offd-’r.
19. L. L. Coml. 20. L»mb“ri Tk**
CniC.VGe.IT WORK,
Persons travelling upon the prairie have
noticed thi mounds thrown up by ibo ants
and have wandered the incessant activitv
of the multitude of laborers. Hardly less
activity isto be witnessed among ibo rums
and upon the streets of the burnt district in
the South Division. Never in all the oro
yious history of Chicago was such a scene of
driving activity witnessed. Even thoso
most familiar with the wonderful resources
of this city arc forefd to wonder at the multi
tude of wagons which arc em oyed in haul
ing off the debris to make room ior the
workmen putting up the new structures
Workmen are orerywhero at labor, delvin'.,
amid the min. to reach the old
lions, thnl the masons may set to work.
Thousands o( men and boys are cleaning
wheeling, and piling bricks, while hod-carricrs
are supplying them to the masons. Teams
loaded with lumber and lime throng the
streets, carpenters and masons are working
bravely: the gatherers of old iron are busily
employed .flooding their material and carting
it away. The removal of safes has ended
every safe has been opened; those which’
were really safes have been curried off tile
others abandoned to the purchasers of old
iron. Broken wall, have been levelled, and
the tottering fragments of onec stately build
ings have been overthrown, lint amid the
smoke, the dust, the rain and the fog, there
is an incessant throng of busy men, boys
-and teams, working ns energetically U a if the
whole burnt district was to be restored before
Christmas, and they were charged with the
duty. The days seem all too short
and work goes on long after dark.
An idea ot the number of teams and mm
employed may bo had from the fact tha
5,000 loads of debris are emptied into tbc
lake basin daily, and this work can continue
all through the winter, giving conlinuou
labor to the thonsa ns now employed. So
great is the demand that hundreds of boys
from 14 to 18 years of age are hard at work
wheeling, cleaning, and piling bricks. A 1
honor to the bravo men who have met mis
fortune by resolutely beginning the work of
reconstruction, an all honor to the men and
boys wbo have gone to work, preferring to
earn the bread and the shelter they enjoy
than to compete for be same with the sick
and helpless at the churches. The man who
thinks C hicago has been destroyed has only
to cross the river into the burnt district to
be undeceived. Labor and skill, directed by
energy and enterprise, arc working like bees
in the hive; and, when the spring comes, the
desolate places will be desolate no longer,
and from the ashes will have arisen new
monuments ofindustry and faith.
BEtCKPIIO.V OF TKADE.
The Davenport (Iowa) Gazette, while con
ceding that lowa has grown to greatness
under Chicago's wing,’’, and that the enter
prise of this city in poshing out railroad
lines to and across the State (Iowa), has stim
ulated immigration, laid the faun ation and
quickened the growth of cities, and converted
a wilderness of prairie into rich and smiling
faims,"argnes that as Chicago has now become
crippled, all the vast trade of the State should
be centered in the river towns. The mistake of
the Davenport and of other papers printed
on the Mississippi River, is in the assumption
that the business of Chicago has been de
stroyed. For three or four days some of the
railroads were not able to deliver passengers
and freight at their accustomed cpits, bat
that inconvenience has long since been rem
edied. Tho receipt and delivery of grain
Was interrupted for a few days, but have long
since been resumed. Onr commission men are
mostly under way again. Trains with grain ar
rive as usual, t eir contents are receive into
warebouseAnd vessels are loaded without any
change from before the Ere. The reception
and shipment of merchandise have been re
sumed,' and Sir onr wholesale houses are pre
pared to fill all orders for merchandise. It
is tree we have lost our warehouses (other
than for the storage of grain) and our stores,
hut ire have improvised others which are
equal for the transaction of quite as heavy a
business as before.
In less than three weeks after the great dis
aster, Chicago, even in her ashes, has resumed
a-commerce not equalled by that of any city
in the West. Her trade was interrupted, but
not destroyed; i£-was suspended for a few
days, hut immediately resumed, r.ud telegraph
and rail, express, and steam and sail were at
once put at work, and the purchase aud
sale and delivery of commodities of every
kind lias been renewed if not with all their
former display, with at least their former
rigor and magnitude.
Ko producer or shipper in any part of the
United States need hesitate to send his pro
duct.* to Chicago for sale under an impression
that they cannot be delivered, or that they
ennnot he sold here. No man need hesitate
to send his orders here for any commodity
which is sold in any part of the
country, under the belief that
the order cannot b c filled. There is no
occasion to go to other places to find cus
tomers, or to find goods to purchase. Chi
cago has resumed business, and is fully pre
pared to carry on as usual the trade and com
mere® of Iho West.
What we have lost arc the stately buildings
n which we ca ried on business, and the
dwelling, in which a;large portion of our
people resided. Less pretentious, less costly
and less convenient, maybe, than these, are
the stores now temporarily occupied while
others are rebuilding, but for the purposes
°f practical trade, every way as serviceable.
Chicago is not in the least jealous of Da
venport, nor of any other city. If Daven
port were three times ns large, and there
were fifty.Davcnports in lona and the North
west, it would but swell the trade and com
merce of Chicago. As the cultivation and
Improvement of each additional farm in lowa
W. s to the value, of those prev
iously improved, so does the growth
6t now cities increase the growth
of older ones. The growth of the cities in
lowa is the resnlt of the proportionate growth
ol the country beyond and around them. and.
the increase of Chicago, the extension of her
commerce and manufactures, can only be pro
portionate to that of the country ol which
shq, is the natural centre, and .of which
•she must, remain the ‘metropolis,.' For this
increase of St. I.oiiia'lis hailed
in Chicago,“not a the g"nof it rival, but as
an evidence that on the great plains and riv
ers to the west ol that cily, there is a growth
of population and producUon|.iucrcasing the.
aggregate trade of the country, and all tend
ing.-to the enlargement and enrichment of
the Western metropolis, which eveiythiug
gravitates by the irreversible and uncontrof-
Jable laws of trade.
SKIIXED XiABOB TTANTED, j
Five to six hundred additional brick land
stone masons can find employment, in
Chicago through the winter, at from id to <5
per day.
W0 thousand carpenters can -find* em
plojment all through the winter in this city,
at high wages.
■ln March there will be employment for
twice as many more of these trades.
In addition, we want workers in iron and
wood—and in every branch of labor. Many
thousands of brick and atone buildings are to
be erected, reqoiring an army of plumbers,
gas-fitters, workers in iron, tin, brass, and
copper.
In addition to iheae, thousand* of lab ircrs
now starving in NewTork and other cities,
can find work, at good wages; with comforta
ble homes for themselves and families, on
lanns within 100 miles of Chicago.
SHELTER TO THE HOUSELESS.
I lie sharp change in the weather onTimrs
lay night was a quick reminder of the ueces-
sily of getting the homeless sufferers by the
fire under shelter a the earliest possible
moment, and not only shelter, but warmth is
quite as indispensable to forestall the inevi
table suffering that must come as the season
advances, except great are and watchful
ness is exercised. The Relief and Aid So
ciety are by no means oblivious of this ne
cessity, and the utmost acti ity prevails at
headquarters to provide both houses and
stoves. The report of the Shelter Committee
on Thursday evening was that there had
been on that day new applications for 21G
houses, mid that lumber for 430 houses was
delivered. Up to that date the applications
numbered 4,070, which were being filled as
rapidly ns the material can be got out The
total number of houses already delivered is
2,475, and these, at the estimate of five per
sons to a family, will shelter 12,375 persona
On the same estimate of fi ve
persons to a family, there arc
already known to be over 20,000 who must
be provided with shelter; but this nnmber is
constantly increa ing, as Irosh applications
are made, and the people understand that a
house can bo had for the asking on the con
ditions provided by the society. It j 3 erat
lying to know that no undne advantage is
taken of this determination to put shelter
over the heads of the sufferers by the fire
but most of those who apply for aid are
thoso who stand in urgent need of it VTo
copy hero a letter received by Mr. Avery, the
Chairman of the Shelter Committee, as an
evidence of the spirit that prevails, and
which cannot be too heartily commended as
an example to everybody whose necessities
compel them to ask for public aid, The let
ter is as follows;
Shdler B(U<f Committee
Gentlemen: My son has received a certificate for
inmber from yon yesterday, which 1 tend back to yon
from the fact that I hare this day received some as
slslanrc from my friends East.
I appreciate yonr generosity very nmch, but not
wishing to encroach upon the rights of others, yon
will find enclosed above certificate, as lean now help
my*el£ having a little means at hand. Thanking
you onto more for your kindness, 1 remain you'?
tral CLARA GOODKINI).
Next to the question of shelter is warmth,
of course, after food, for which there is am
ple and regular provision. A large number
of stoves have been given for the use of the
society, and 3,000 have been purchased, all
of which have been distributed from the cars
as fast as they wore received.
DIVIDED WE FADE."
We had supposed that among the other
ancient relics burnt up in the groat Chicago
conflagration, was the old if not enerable,
theory that any city, section, or country is bet
ter otr for patronizing home institutions
exclusively, and isolating itself from the rest
of the world. We saw in the lurid light of
that conflagration, that the more our institu
tions were exclusive! home institutions, the
more total and overwhelming was their rain.
We saw that home insurance was no insur
ance at all and that the further we went for
our insurance, the better it was. Wc saw
that, had wc depended upon home
manufactures to supply us with the neccssa
ri of fe, wc should hay perished or lack
of them before our wants could have been
suplied. Wc saw. ns the substantial signs
of sympathy came po rug in upon ns from
abroad, that it was not good to bo alone. We
saw that our mcrch nls were helped upon
their feet again by the very circumstance of
the intimacy of their relations and interde
pendence of interests with the merchants of
the East and of Europe. We saw, in short,
that the salvation of Chicago, which dawned
on the morning after tho terrible conflagra
tion, waa due to the fact that we were not
independent” of onr neighbors, nor they in
dependent of us.
To be more practical, and less general, we
saw also, tbat but for the faults which the
ancient theory of protection to home Indus-'
try had foisted upon our revenue laws, re
sulting in high prices for building material
and the consequent substitution of wood for
iron and marble, our damage by the firo
would have been much less serious: and sim
ilarly that the expense of rebuilding would
have been much lias burdensome Wo did
not, therefore, expect to sec the New York
Tribune blossoming out so soon,
through the ashes of the nation
al calamity, with ■an argument
for more “protection" and more isolation,
founded upon this very fire! Our Now York
namesake tells us that, whereas, in the
great New York fire of 1835, the losses felt
almost entirely upon local companies, the
Chicago risks wpre underwritten in all the
great money centres from London to the
Mississippi;" and that, furthermore, as far as
the present instance is concerned, there is
no city of the L'nile I States, except New
1 orb, which has such intimate relations with
llic reslofUcßni o as Chicago. The loss
of H00,000,000, destroyed in the great.lire of
ctober S and 0, is distributed, therefore
OYera Vast extent of con Iry. All our com
mercial towns will hear their sha e 6f it''
Ite framing of an argument fur “protection"
upon sue data-as these, is up-hill business,
and we Canpotblame our contemporary* for
making n r {Tier poor' jrtb of it. “The fact is,
that t c eld H n Carey p rty is one of the
institut ns which should be closed out'and a
receiver appo d, “in consequence of th j
late fire." It is s bankrupt in politics as
some of our.“home compiles" arc in
finance.
We received, a fewdajs ago. by express, a
curious btfg, inarircd'Uie Littlefield Fund,”
wbich ontained 1,000 pennies. Yesterday
wc received the explanation. 'lt appears
that Mr. D. G. Littlefield, a wealthy citizen
and Superintendent of the Littlefield Stove
Manufacturing Company, of Albany, V
when applied to by a committee for ,a sub
scription for "the relief of Chicago, indulged
in various remarks, »ajd. to do both profane
and insulting, and finally subscribed *io
The fact becoming generally known, :it was
.resolved lo resent the insulting .language by;
yvpenny subscription to refund Mr. Little
field the jamounLof- Jfiadonjtioti. 'The, petty
Dies, were collected,, p esented to that gentle
man, and by him rcniscd.~The subscription,
in its original form, was then sent to this
olllcc to be Bsed.fsr the general rpliefi The
whole subject s> elaborately discussed in-the
Albany papers. The money has been; given
tp the Aid Society, and Mr. Littlefield can
rest assured that .both his original subscrip
tion! and-lhi. -dnplihale thereof, will be hon
estly expended.:
The fire has demo* trated'thnt no building
can bo called fire-proof which any wood
work in,its composition, or which has irop
columns sn porting either the wails or.the
floors, or which is not provided with outside
or inside iron shutters. An ordinary fire
proof building may resist=o inary ’fires, os
■PCfiially i, 'it have some-iassistance from the
fire depart cut, but if it left to take care
of itself while the whole city is rning, it
will ruined if its floors consist of wood,
even th 1 they laid in cement. It will
be mor ompletely ined if iu doors arid
windows and roof are of wood, even though
they he encased with metal. Nntwilhstand
mc the precautions taken in the constrnction
of The Tmr.uxr IlniJding there was heat
enough generated iu it to melt glass two
in ches in tide ness. This heat was produced
hy the sudden co bustion of all the wood,
work in it, aide by the fierce dra caused
by the urri ne of wind which prevailed at
the lime.
L nder the iiead of summer movement
the Turn’s says
A Merman Campbell, the spread-eagle" of the
scslawan nine ren, and the must consimtnalc aas
new m public ofllc-:. 33
Passing over the extreme coarseness of
these expletives, it is proper to say that Al
derman Campbell never acted with the “scal
awag nineteen," but o posed them at every
step, and made a very fair record in the
Council; and, while he is not a Daniel Web
ster Or Rufus Choate, either is he a simple
ton or knave. To is efforts are mainiy due
the passage of the law reorganising the Bride
well and taking that in titution out of the
hands of the b miners. The most
serious objection t 0 bis re-election to the
Council is one that in no way reflects on his
capability .worth, or honesty; namely, that he
is a member of the Legislature and will be oc
cupied for the next six months in the dis
charge of the duties pertaining thereto. The
Times impai the force of its assaults on the
“scalawags" by indiscriminate aud we ping
censures .and abuse.
An “immense" meeting was hold at the Cot
ton Exchange, Now Orleans, on Oct 23,t0 con
sider the best means, in view o( the destruc
tion of Chicago, to secure the great grain
trade of the Northwest. The establishment
of lints of mammoth barges to run from the
Upper Mississippi to Now Orleans, to co-op
eratc with the lines of foreign steamers was
resolved upon, and a company with a capital
of $1,000,1 00 aas organized. $32,000 of the
stock was subscribed. In. the meantime
Chicago has resumed the grain trade, momen
tarilly inteiruplcd by the fire, and when
navigation opens will be prepared to move
20 per cent more than before the conflagra
tion.
The cities and towns on the Ohio River
which depend on receipts from Pittsburg
for their supply of coal are threatened with
a famine of fue. The water in the Ohio
river is so low, and has been lor so long
a time, that no boats can descend the river.
The Pittsburgh Garotte states that over ten
million bushels of coal are now loaded upon
boats in that city, and waiting a rise in the
River. Until tho river rises, not a bnshcl can
go forward. The same paper earnestly ap
peals to the people along the river, and to the
capitalists interested in the coal business, to
wait no longer lor government aid, but to
help themselves by immediate measures to
make tho river navigable at ail seasons.
Chicago, Oct. SO.
Every failure in business that now occurs
anywhere is attributed to the Chicago fire.
Tho Inst case of the kind is that of tho Bruns
wick A Albany Railroad, of Georgia, seized
by Governor Bulloc for debt Tho Presi
dent of the company, Mr- Kimball, ascribes
his inability to pay the debts of the road to
losses resulting from the Chicago fire. Ho
had its surplus funds invested in some kind
of bonds on whicli he was speculating, and
tho Chicago lire knocked tho bottom out of
his Imnds, consequently the road was seized
by the Governor for the debts it owes the
State of Georgia.
A writer protesting against an alleged
abandonment of tbe “Mansard roof" ar hi
lecture to Chicago, insists that the use of
wood in the construction of that style of
bulldinea is not at all necessary. In Europe
these Gothic buildings, or buildings with tho
Mansard roof, are as exempt from fire as any
others. The use of wooden roofs, whether of
shingles or boards, and the practice of erect
ing lumberyards on the top of high build
ings and calling them Mansards,” ought to
be prohibited by law.
BELIEF XtATTKBS.
An Appeal to tho Ladies—Bopons from tho
Headquarters of tho Belief and Aid So
oiety.
Mrs. J. H. B. Henderson. Corresponding Secretary,
haebsned tbo following call: “Tbe Ladles Belief
Association, In tbe fin* division of the Fifth District,
working under the Chicago Aid and Relief Society,
nrgenUyaskof tho ladles of Chicago—who arc not
already at work for the relief of sufferera-to become
members of this organisation and anfot in any way
they may be called span. Thin is not a sectarian
society, and we want lad ice from any and all de
nominations to assist la thid work. Applications
may be made to Mrs. Q. B. Mar«h. President, or to
B, Henderson. Corresponding SeCretarr at
the Plymonth Cbnrch parlora.”
—The Committee on Distribution report a Call'lne
off In the applications for provision!'. In consequence
of a number having found employment, and it
Is to bo hoped tbat by the and of the present week
there will be a decrease of at least IS per cent on tha
nember of those making application in the earlv
part of the week.
—Tbe Committee on Transportation report as fol
lows for Tbereday: dumber of passes issued 101*
twrsons pasted. 206. The roads over which
isened are as follows: Michigan Central. 15; Michi
gan Southern, 41: Illinois Central. 10; Pittsburg and
Fort Wayne, 49; C.C. AI. C., 20; Chicago and St_
Loots,6; Chicago aud Northwestern, 37; Chicago,.
Burlington and Quincy,4; Chicago and Bock Island
5. Tho aggregate number of pmocs passed to date
—Tho Burnti of Special Council and A*iistaac«
have their office at the Chcreh of the .Vesaiah. Wa
hiah avenue and Hubbard Court. Honrs from 9to 1“
a. m. All persons mating application fl>r roller at
this office maUdo so in writtug through «nne mm 2,
her of (be Bureau. which Is cooHitnU-d of all pastors
of churrhee In the rity. ar.d one delegate Iron each
beoeroieui lodge or association.
THE, CHICAGO TRIBUTE SATUEDAY. OCTOEEE 28. 1871.
Ball freights to Cincinnati. Wheeling, and Pitts
a!?, worc 001 »‘l ,f aoced on Monday last when the
addition was made to freights to more Baatora point*
To-morrow they will be advanced 5c on grain and
toorth claw (per 100 lb*.) and 10c por bri on fionr.
J 1 1 2p w lne» were qubit and nnclauged. A toul of
150 brls was reported eold at t»Mc. The market closed
noaiJnsUy doll, when New York was reported heavy!
The greater part of the wines here are sent direct to
°ri ‘’nr local rectifiers are not generally In
order to do busiouea on a large acale. J
Lake fTelgtiu were more acliro, but weak, opening
at 1c below onr quoted prices of yoaU tdar. and fall
ing off nearly lc further at the close, the fatoat rates
being Pc on com and 0c on wheat by aail to Buffalo
A tota! M lon grain charter; was reported, which will
carry ont bn wheat, 155.000 bu com. 9S,ot>o bu
barley, and 20.UC0 bn rye. Through rates to New
lork were nominal at «c on wheat, 31c on Cora, and
90j4c on oats. Boston rates nnnnoted.
I ruvisl.-pa were quiet, and rather dull. The mar
ket opened with a timw offlrmnoaa. though not with
much lnqniry.bat weakened afterwards when port
was quoted unsalable in New York at *19.50. thou»h
opeiatojs g.-n raily thonght there mn«t be »ome m*s.
k D tho iclccram. Porkeloee.i nominal at sllMa
K.62H for ash lot*, and 39.Kt5a11.75 sel>r January.
Lard waaeaMer. being offered at 9c cash; 8 3-4 c for
new. and quotable at s 5-bc seller January. Meat*
were steady at for shoulders; 6 !-9c for short rib*;
s all loose; do boxed at 6 Me, 6 3-4 C
and l-4c. Sweet pickled hams. 10 l-9aIU-9e, Meas
easier at extra mess do, 9.95 a
noiJ daal at Ss3 l-2c. Bales were report
ed,ofSo brls moss pork at 19.78; 950 tes lard at 8 Mc
new lard at
bccfa s 300 S’l' l
at 9JW; »W brls beef hams si 18.95.
-Flour was in better demand, bat tho light sapply
restricted sales, a portion of oar stocks were de
gtreyed in the fire, and the eo tin try mills are gener
ally stopped few want of water. These facts, with the
bnoyancy in wheat, made holdets very firm, bat there
iiws nc decided change la the scale of prices. Bales
Winter extras (Cas
50brls do at $7.50:
GO brls do at $7.00r 100 bri sdo on private terms; 44
brls winter teconds at
Minnesota) at *..50; 50 brls do (do) at
oris qo {Uhl's)at $6 JO; SUObrladoat S(L9S; 400 brls
4 u' 100 brls rye floor at $4 00 75
brls bnut«beal floor at JT.OO. Total, 1,895 brls. Abo
10 tons bran at $14.00; and 10 tons do -at $14.50 on
track. _ s
Wheat was active, and buoyant, averaging nearly
*v*i E 1 b r yesterday.principsl 1 y under a strong
t-pccolative demand, which was nronght on I bya r?
r? rlcd New York, while some qaoted
idrerpoot as 9d bettor on most grades. The shipping
j£S n i l 7 ra f_ £alr being stimnlaied by the decline la
treigms. A great many speculative brdere were on
the market, but principally for the last half of next
month, which ohened at |1.95, advanced to $1.94. and
declined to sLt£ra\ but sold up to at the close.
Seller Noremberwasßoteo much waared- though a
great-many of those oplloos-are ont for eeitlemeni
.before next wodoeedaj. 13Uaoption opened at 11.9JU,
and advanced to tlAl*. cJostncat S!.9IH. Cash Nol
spring closed at other grades- were very
quiet, winter wheal was. |n some demand for tho
-mlUore, -Cash sales were, repoctotl of 800 ha-No. 1
rpring at SIJB, bn No. at HAltf,
t ba daatsL9l,9sJJoobn dost
bn No. 8 spring at l.u, be do at i.xsu. B.UOO bu
deal I.XJ. t.OUObndottTl9 f, 9.VJO bu do at 1.19,
FINANCIAL AND COMMEECIAI,
MOKBTATT.
Bikini ihc l.nnv. Evening, Oct. 57.
mentioned adavort?vo«.4 d n and
that the total Volume o?i*iiSit, clearing* show
little over one-tlilrd of teJ.iV B u tßi in the city Is but-
Money continue)* oa»v n« Tas before the Are.
reorganization of the v i° the
There Is plenty or trad.,
government bonds and othnr n?
hot wordy anybody In thismS-km “Wod coHat.ra ll
euch term** now. Ailvanr.-j .m*!! money on
tie, etc.. efe to bo shtm^ o^1 u protons, cat
fhaw and sale of the Md 0,6 par
rhipmentiv furnish about ihQ n o.,TJ de a 7 aln!, t these
-oonry ortn?, l m l^°;'^-™J for
per, and boy at 4toi.of i~r ai bank.r. nil at
is being ordered. 6 Trom ‘here, but no more
tim? S lay d“n rC ‘w!fb 0 r n f hia >l>o»a diapoai
nr.; happy M May the, ar ml a few‘’blt'k"'''' W
we can learn, there are nO *T B3
own showing, arc ahnmianUv ild? tS<!lr
Mt-crs whether thev on"ht to my d
l3 «5~S'S'i!S
nmb-r credit. they would probably b,.' trtad ra
promise on present deht« hnt «Kni „.i 5 COM
similar changou daring the next
I Z? 10 lojoncfibn igainst the lease of the United Rail*
>37- “i i' cw Jersey, to the
Kail road Company haring been di^olVeStheiffi
delpltm Uiaf Mr. Getamer the I»p*«i
w.w'-S'. liSS2SS■;/ &se«7ts
companies tm the Ist ofJanuary -t-, t J«rsoy
lic q ?lrtf b"a S n X'Vi'
k 'V the money mar*
.which, ncciirding in th. o Siwl raluTice l
“O', were to be redeemed on S'elm r f r J
Ir’lTt'*' 0 1 |i^r o ”“>with Mr
deem the designated Mu. of isla n.
rafesHS
s os f ,ho cannot cany ou' their
part of the programme. wu lQ t.tr
The latent Information In regard to the fliwneUi
situation in London, shows that con-iderable unnm
henelon ie still fell that IbODavment nT rh* PprB
indemnity will brine n
of tnglandlhim ll has ezperienccd fork nn.rLr kf
century. The total Indemnity to bo
l«nbom *!,000,0i«,0b0. Title wa" toVc pMd ln In
rtalments spread orcr a penod of three triwhm
iusmllments falling due in.mVki^.^kraiv'Vr
Karit «somo“ JwiaKiiU.
or ntanj <H3U,uju,owj. a portion of this has h«..n
paid In cut h, and Ihe ten In hill, on London By th?
fa!c of these hill, the London bjntera arc sabshmrad
for the French Government in iho Indebtedness t.
Germany The amount is.o large that nib. the
continental hill-drawere refuse to sell more bllulm
London. Blrmark will have, pracllcallv a
on nil the metallic none. P of th. world™ The
total nmonnt to be paid by France rl, «h«
d ,l i o f tlie treaty of peac v until next spring, is four
times n» much astlie average specitlc reserve of the
Hunk of England, and if Bin,,ariTdo..? wtat" |Vmw
reared he .mend., viz: lucks this mnneyT meal
portion of It, np in the military chert of the n?w
Empire, he could draw the whole ,M C il
circulation pnt of both Ku-land .ml
hnilicc. The German Parliament i 9
coiindcnng a hill for the catahllahment of an im„,‘:
rial war fund. commenHiirate with the power and a.,
plratlons of the new government. It is c inleinled
that this fund should not be invested iu securitie- bo-
Musc in Umcofwarit would be Impossible to
Uatc them, and the moveiueuta of the Imperial Gov.
ernrneut would be hampered by the lack of actual
each. It is, therefore, thought by i-orae that an ennr-
Gennaay° nUI f d wIU actually locked cp in
Real Estate.
F^'fy^c;'^? i°:‘ trnmCm W re fl,,!d for r d
CITY PROPERTY.
Warrantee deeds. Lot 5C in Wnltu’* Blo*k* 40 r
nnd.W in w S. clion ST, 33, H, dated Scplemb'r 13
consideration fC.O‘O. 11 10 r 13
Bote I. 8, and cut 4 foci of Lol .7 In Block o fw W
SuSSST d d
u Twenty.fourth Greet, between Iludjan street and
bUorart nvonne. north frant, SuxU loot, dated G?lo
btriO: consideration «750. vc w-
Twoaiy-fonrth at, between Bnddaa et and St'wart
Sn"s'l?/S om 1 ft d tcd c 10 coaildTra.
(except the'sontli 8 feet) In niock i.T. S. etion
lu addition, dnu-d dan. 2u; consideration. Mi 261
Reall cbtdto mortgaged an d treat deeds, rt- nnit
COMMERCIAL,
Friday Evening, Oct 27
Tbp following arc tho receipt* and phipmem/of
produce at thU point during the past twenty-four
hour©, a? far as reported, with the corresponding
quauaticb one year ago:
110€ ,pt Xn Shipments.
F|onr, M 5..... fijirt a%\ 3.‘&i ij*™‘
Wheat bu..... 33,1 M 13-..9 M Eeiifo
ttoro. bu 53.M5 43.721 195.1V9 ri’S?
Oaif.bu tT.'ni 44 .cu Tt&.wi j;n*,
Bye. Ml *,wa 6.3w
Harley, tin.. .....13.320 14,0W1 37.076 -,ii2
areexieeda.itM 37.751 31,144 8!>»»
Max seed. lb* S3.flnn |,.t»f
Broom Curn,lb«..—lW.96J 129,rtw is’ouo 4.VV”«
Cmvd Meats,lbs 13.300 16,!0> 4491*0 dn’i'-a
Beef. lirll. 5,793 566 4i« M *L*
Pork. bri. T .._ J:
Lard, llis 3.730 iZ m 1%
Tallow, lb* 40,030 6.5 CM 10,,77
Bolter. ll« 59.270 45,373 i»Tio iV";3
Lire linr*. 9 774 7 363 JV?
C.t11., tfo ?:=IS I,M 'ig
Hidi*. lb* 91.713 177177 .a 17, id!’™
nisbwinn., bl. ''6s,
Wool, lb«,— 153.M0 113.3 M ,-v, IjS
Poi»toM,bo a.va 17.3K "’lre ,3 M®J
Lam!«er, 6,3*7 5,91« Vl v«»n
StiOKlf*. 51 4.576 ,;wo *si S'
Lath. 31 69 3UI -49 *l*
*•11. brls.... 9,65t 2.194
Withdrawn yesterday for city consumption,
bn wheat; bn corn; 9TO oau; 420 bu rye
bv2 bu barley. uu ‘3«-.
Tile following grain ha* been inspected Into store
np to 10 o clock this moraine, IS3 cars wheat ir»
cats corn, W.WO bu No. 9 do. Wears oats. 7,4 a) tm
No. 9 do. 11 cans rye. 1.300 bn do. SO cars bjrlcr
Total (4G4 cars), 991,000 bu. ara nancy.
The produce markets to-day were moro active, and
strong. with a general bnoyancy in gram, par.ia ly
duo to a reported advance In Liverpool a n{ Sew York
partiallj to the fact that the shipment- of grain are
now largely in execs* of the receipts, and in some
degree owing to the greater ease with which grain
shippers are able to operate pecuniary. Tho ship
ping demand was rood, while the specnlativo inqulrv
Spa largo boih on local and outside account. A »rr»t
many pari*- *r? anxious to Inrest in the IcwiiLg
cereals, having confluence In tlie fu!:: r of prices.
A week ago we referred to the advisability ho’d
Ing back on shipment of wheal from the country,
because onr grain dealers were not prepared 10 do
business on so large a seals as heretofore. The
coarse of the markets now shows that the difficulty i
remo\ed. There is plenty of money at the command
ur th»M< who arv enesped in .hippies grain from Ihl
city, and all the more, as bat little munevia loaned oa
mercantile paper. The shipments are largo -a con-e-
Swc. and the railroad* are now clearecf op *0 fir
much more grain than is now coming in can be
taken care of Parties who bare boon homing back
may now *end in their grain, a* the course of trade i«
resnnied in f efficient strength to transact all the pro
duce basinet* that would have been done it tho fire
bad not occurred.
The grain In tho burned elevators will be sold at
auction on Monday morning at 10 o'clock, beginning
with the Galena. h
I Mhn rajM, pprinn at I K. 4M bn No. a red win
ter at l.sti, 400 bn at 1.20. Total, 1110.800 bn.
k “'lye and rtronc, for the reaeons as
Eh e sljl f n ‘'pt» ntnclt more Dearly
equal to tbt receipts than in the caoc of wheat Liv
erpool waa rcpoi ted fid per-ISO lbs higher. The mar
tai ne r J Sc hl lier than jeaterday on cash
7 which opened at 4D«c. advanced to
60hc. and clwci quiet at TOc. Options were m»t
U K h i^ nU,d j’ J er November wa> nominally about
>*cw corn, for tame delivery; closed
rejected at 47g. Cash sales were re-
O iE' ooob^ o 2 J?^ c «,BWbnrio ttSOi.c:
m *2.* i*. C 0!^ c 00 bn do at fiOc; isoo bn do,
nMDifcC. ft.200 bo <k> at 49Uc; 5,600 im do at an tv
So!f •n Snh Udo oftt V wablldo otficl
afloat 3,900bnn-jeetod at 47e; I.OCObu dorntWPic
ba :Swb Wlodried Xo. 2at 47c; tDu
3 ooo bu
strontr^ n !jt advance, boinn qnoted
higher in New \ork. The deataud today wb> nrin
r ft The market opened at SOc
,"lr r c r s r regular. and closed at
SSJ,? °LV C f r rtricrly rret.lt recnlpte.
.I S b rso 1 SPatiWSe. closing drra:
HaJlid oh I n‘i?Sl?’ v“ t c h ralcswore
.fen 3 —■“wWfS?
«h^inln» a H &tron advance. being in good I
hipping demand, though reported inactive in X*w I
ya j ee wew made ofiiOJ bn Xo. 2 early) at rtOc;
Id.tiOO bu. The market dosed nominal at 61c for Vo I
1 or 2, and 59a33c for rejected.
Barley was m good demand, and averaged 2c higher I
«K.» 2 n v e r goo<i tW ppinjj dcman3. Xo. a was I
ut *M?“ not h persistently
as heretofore. The market for Xo.Sononed aistw* I
advanced to SAvand dined at 58*58 l-2c!° .Seller X«!
vcmbor [was offcred.WsSc.no sales bein- reported
£‘w, S e s^: 2 WX ii ,uXo 2at »e; fo.Kudo
SdO bu do at 55c 800 bu do at 57c‘ imo Lu I
do.todc: 10,400 bn No. 3at 4S l-2c; a.IXM bS do at
18c. sOU bu do at 47 1-2 c: 40H hit do *t 47c: 2,4K1bu I
To,Tli,Mb7 ;OTll,u 110
LATER.
Al tha Afternoon Board the wheat market w„-
No s ra
The Uallj Jlarket.
This marker whs quoted quiet to-day
about Uit wme as during uEebre.*
ceding daj sof the week. C oice dairy In crock? or
Eeld aTaiaS a 04 loca l demand, and w*a firmly
“«i d 22£>.26c, Low grades remain dull, but the
sopplyij not large, and there arc no anxious sellers
maleri concession from previous rates
Sh BArri«r ro W”".'sparingly at 15®lSe.
vJ, NG—Afair business was dofnz in thh map.
ket, and prices were flnn and unchanged. The stocks
fr«-?£nr T £V Dd l *OKg* orders SmhSTS
fii^nV»h«m d i ora i Dowfl, dnod,mca,t y ia promptly
«J? ar 5° d wo l «cks are advandac
vJfbAH! ch lln P a o dnn tone to the market here
bm no change will be made in prices at nresent w<l
quote: SUtk, 37c; Ontario. 36c; Lewiaron ate®
American. 31c; Minnesota, UOc; burlaps, bags* 21Pa
nagger woolsacks. 87c.
BUILDING HATKEIaLB—Were In good request
at former rates. We quote Stncco,* gLBJm.OO
cemenr, $1.,0; lime, SI.UQ white sand n<*p hri*
f3.(XKf?-3.20: plastering hair, per bn, flro
bl C nip?f r t?" 0, *0 -J*'"00.0o; land plaster, |3.00.
a Lil)^. l{- rTbc supply is steadily Improving, but the
Rt)od and rlcefl are wellausulned
cholw o^t, 00fOr COmmOn BDd 58 80 7 00 for good to
COOPERAGr—There la no change In this market
W harrela. $1.55®1.00; lard U«roe«;
fl.Mpl.bO; whiebey barrle. $2.iwa2.40. the outside
for iroti-bonnd. and dour barrels a150®57c.
CIiEKSK—The cheese trade was rather onlet to
day, but there was no abatement m *he firmness that
has characterized the market for eome time past, the
moderate character of the stocks and thohouyant
tone of the Eastern market haring a strengthenin'*
tendency. We continue to quote: New York factory
Omo factory. ifeHe: Western do. 12a14c.
COAL—>o Important change whp visible In the
condition of this market. A ntcadv, fair demand is
noted, and prices ruled firm as previously quoted.
Inc arrivals continue liberal, both by lake and by
rail, audit h- believed that the supply will prove in
every wav ample.” We quote: Lehigh prepared. $9.50
althuo Lackawanna, y.00; Kne. 8.50; Walnut Hill
aw; Indiana, 7.00; Hocking Valley, 7.60; Wilming
ton. 5.50
EGGS—Wen: again dull and weak, the supply ox-
■SH 0 c ro .“ffeclod at ISalflc.
FItLITh—DRIED—The condition of the dried
mill market remains unchanged in any importwnt
part culsr. Oflsmne descriptions of Imported and
domestic fruits there is still a scurcity, but supplies
are being hurried forward as rapidly as possible, and
during the coming week our dealers will be prepared
to flil orders for any article In the list. Prices re
main firm all rounef. We repeat our quotations of
yesterday; KaWns, &USQ&SS: Turkey prnnoa. !»a
J‘vc; currants. lOalUJic )>eaches, pared, *ita«sc
peachcs halves, lO.allc; pitted cherries, 3Ga33c; ap’
pies. «»aloc blackberries, 15aioc.
GRKE.V FRUITS— Continue plentv, and prices re
main nominally unchanged. Apples 'are dull at *1.50
a-.Ou oni track, and at j2.uia2.75 Irom store, with 'oc
casionallyn sale at $3.00 for something very choice
P« case .or Concord, and
at :2.0<a5.50 for Catawba and Delaware, Quinces
b
HSU—An ac lve demand was reported on Interior
account, and with the usual inquiry from local con
sumers. a satisfactory business was transacted The
stocks of bo h lake and salt water descriptions are
now ample, and business seems to be runnio" aloa-»
v as bclorc the fire. J. W. Hobson Som
«w Cn al Blruct quote as follows; No. 1
whltcfi.b, $t.50a175; No. t tront, 4.0094.25’ No 1
shore nuckertl. 10.00.il0.23; No. 1 b.y, 5.50a9 UO-
No. 2 mackerel, B.ft)a£.so; bank cod, S.O.Uii.’sO:
hernS* 45a50c.'° 0,l7 SO; b X hcirinß ;scaled
GROCERIES--Business in this department was
much more atcire than could reasonably be or.
Ported, and a good feeling seemed to pro rail. Orders
from count ry dealers aje coming in on a liberal scale
and nro filled with the u>u 1 prompno-a. Prices re*
main firm as previously quoted. A sugar.
U chol<s brow£
1B&-11W: fair do, lU®lOHc; molasses do 9UlOc
prime Rio erfieo, SO.&sic; choke do 2i®2:lc’'o n
J.ita, 29(a;31c; star candles, full weight, ISffhlHUc*
rice. Patna,7?4(fiMJ«ic. C
,rr«4i-K common svrnpj.
Porto Rico oioiaesoa, ««*«4
himwr syrup. 45<^n4c; extra, 635b7Uc; choice sliver
drips, extra flue, 90®95; fancy. 75®80c.
l^tSOe;cassia,
4j}©roc; pepper, 23®2k; nutmegs, $1.25®! 30
SOAPS—French mottled, 6jf«.<7c; standard
e««c: Ocrrnsn mottled. Ct,r 3 oi£c; craslre, sirS
c BTAIMjn-G l o».l» i ,i»Hc com, IDjjillc: lanndrv.
654<a7c; common,
HAY—Nothing new was developed In this market.
Trade continues slack, and. with liberal atocka on
hand, dealers are not particularly firm in their views,
though thaprospoct of an active demand by and hr
operates to prevent any material depreciation in vai
nc*. There was some little inquiry for shipment
Kaat, and a few small orders were received from the
lumber country, but the chief demand, as heretofore
waa to supply the wants of local cu-tomers We
qnoto; On track—Timothy, pressed.
ir.K'Q d "P'otiil. do rtoonn:
QM&9.W. On wngim—Timotby, 100.0, su.otvbt
13.00; prairie, loose, *8.00®10.«0. For delivery of
accordln S lo distance. 1
1 market was qniet and
notnmally nnchansed. >Vc quote: Green salted.
l Hr t ',e3 lS C: »o„lteavy. lOiic; veal, kip, iSc: green
dry calf, aic; dry flint. ll a ht, ioc; dofover
ISc: r! K ,d Ifolfc: dry kip. Sic; deacons
scor-ed, cut, or otherwise damaged two-thirds
l^ATHER—There was only a limited business
doing in this department. Prices were unchanged
ranging as follows;
,-U^? 1 OCK l,y harnew u ni o n. city harness
g-tScjkip. N Ib. Ak®sl.oo;kip, veate.»LbsM:is?
H* eoontiy upper. No. 1, 2*4®27c; collar’s
calf, city, $1.25®1.45; calf, country,
®1A»; rough upper. 11 to 13 lbs, 35<®37c; rou-’h on.
14 U 1 ls tte 3 2 ft Mc; rough upner, damaged
@Sbc; Buffalo slaughter sole. 33®33c.
I^sr s? 2 aushwr f0l ?4 40^-40c 5 Philadelphia sole.
43^ 4w; harness.per lb.Btk&.«c; kip. light, Sl.i >y£
medium, Hk@sl.oo; kip, heavy. 75
American calf. 32 1ha.*i.23®1.15: French calf,
freS
t'r>-A calf, JMo t
retnainVflrm Bt t «|rVrate!? e :4 r e n ftn4 aD^. tbe m4r Eat
jj«mt j jo. cj _,*■ rates, as follows; lUdto 6d nor
ou; One bine jf I S er S£i& dnc Per keg,
e oa P* r ktt,B.3iJ4; blue 3d,per keg,
ilip
j current make, TSc, No. 3 do, 68c; linseed, raw Ssc
oil* kStSi?? T7c: B PP rm noaufoot
ml, J1.0Ca1.20. bank oil, u»c; straits, 70c; elephant oil,
PAINTN—Were in demand at foil nHeea We
quote: White lead, pore. $11.GO; American zinc
311.£0CM9.0u: railroad colore,fn.s6. Z,DC
SALT— Continues in good demand, and firm at
previous prices. Wc quote 2.30 for Onondaga lia
fo i;^ MW iM for conrM 2.25 for Diamond U.
bhhDb-Wero lew active, but with no material
change In prices, there being few offerings Sales
were IM hags timothy at *9.65 lUhegsdo at <9«so*
and 7 bags do at $9.50. Clover was nnraentioned
nominal at <5.G0J£5.70.
TEAS—In this department an active business was
doing, and. with liber*! stocks In store, orders wore
prorop ly filled, at tbe quoted prices. Wo report our
list a* follows: Yonng hy»on, common to fair S3
aeoc; good, 70aft)c: choice to extra, $1.*)a1.40-
snperior to fine old hrson, OOcal.lO; common im
perial. ..wDOc; good U» choice do, PUcal.I.S; fine to
good gunpowder. SOcat.OO; choieo to extra. i.S3a
1.45; choice to extra leaf Japan, l.Wai.lo; QUr
to good do, 7&aSoc; colored natural leaf Japan, CUa
70c; common to fine Oolong, SOaGoc: good. 65aS0e*
Choice >o ex re. H0ca1.95.
VEOBTABLEB—The demand was good, bnt under
a large supply prices were weak at OOafiOc for onions,
and at sl.ooa for tomatoes.
WOOEb-Was in demand at tbe annexed Quota
tion* Beech. $10.00; maple, $11.00; hickory
#12.00; slat*. s£.so. de ivered.
WOOL—No decided change was visible in tbo gen
eral features of the wool market. Tbe arrirala-coo
tinne light and tbe few calea making are effected at
pilcor not varying materially from those current before
the lire. We quote: Tnb-waehod, GOaTSc; fin# fleece,
washed 48a59c; nedinm flecoe. waahed, SSafilc;
eoei>e Seecs, washed, 57c: unwashed, coarse. S9a44e:
nnwarned, medium, 37atic: unwashed, fine, 35a
Sc; comb fog.’washed. SToKc; combing, unwashed.
13a47c. Wool In bad condition, and half-washed,
in pioponion.
.J?An*ROAI> FRElOirrS.—Tbe advance of 5c per
too lbs on grain and foarth-claaa. and 10c per bri on
floor, to m. st Eastern points, noted a few days ago.
la now general. Wo quote:
To Klonr. 41b Claas. Grain. B. M'ts. Wool
Portland $4.46 .70 .70 80 lA3
Boston 1.40 .70 .70 £0 1.80
Providence 1.40 .to .to so ij»
NwYork.. IJO A 5 .66 .75 170
A»»n7 1-20 A 0 ,60 .70 Iffl
JS IS
Baltimore 1.80 .00 A 0 [79 i‘S
Pittaburgh roo .40 .40 45 lM
Cleveland. JB ,{j x 'ti
Cincinnati .«o .30 ja V;
Montreal MO ,55
Lumber Market
Tte cMeffealareln vJSSSSttgtS"
to i* )r .'lS, u a ors or 4 cargSS, fto^The
yard** Id Milwaukee. Prices were flns at TMterdavNi
rmnae, fl?.« belmr wtUln-ly paid fer JolaSaiSd Sa2
bo”da
Manistee. 107 a dimecsioa
joist tod somtlinc; l?uLtt 7
timber.sl7.ootorjSlst endSaiSjJiSdfew tor
ctiHjot.t and scantlin*. All eoW byk K.BkSJrt
8. hr Australia, Haalstee, 145 m lotit and
iIJ W. bold by *obn SSatT* Co. l^’
lB3 _ rQ joist and scaatlinr,
oyJohnMaionleomu
r. A Tomlae, Manistee, us m loista. scant,
[top. »ad umber, 30 fland under. $17.00; Umbels*
*s°°: timber, 34 ft .adorer,
ttttb* ®T John Him, Loomla Co
.«.SF O ,SfJSPE.SI! T, xxftoui c.n. at
flliV. IGOm ft 10 It lumber at $15,00* 8S m select
logs at *3.00; e m A bUc£)m at »SJO; 10 m u, aa”
If 4 boards at $35.00; 200 m fj romraou hoards. to ar
rive. at tiH.ua. Sold hv Davli Mason.
Cargo of schr Jenny Bell, from Manistee. W m fi
sI T f t at Tf: 5 00: io It Joists anil scanllingnt SIXOO.
Sold by Blanchard, Borland Co.
Co
First clear. 1 inch to 2 Inch...'..’, @6OOO
clear, 1 inch to 2 inch 47.00
Thjrd clear, 1 inch 35.00^-37.00
Third clear, thick 40.0031i.50
Firstondsecondclear flooring. together,
■rough (&10.00
.Firstundsecondclcarsidlng, together.... 57«D0!»2o 00
Cum Aon aldiajr. qq
Common flooring, dressed, first <&35.00
Common flooring, dressed, second 25.0Qii27 0U
w acon-box boards, selected, 16 Inches and
i "KSt** v ’tSMMOM
A stock, hoards fti
B Block board. KOODOO
Common boards, joints. scautlUur. small
timber, 16 feet sad under..7 tH.OtVfcJOdW
Fencing........................... ig oot%* oA)
Joist,andscantling, IS®Mltct aKOOaKm
Clear posts, split tw'rvi
sSStS?
ban
Sawed shingles, Aor star yfiSam
HARD WOOD-
Walnut Ist per il.- _
2d
Culls"
Cherry Ist and 2d per M
Hickory Flank
Ash
Oak Clear 11
Oak Common
White Wood. Clear
Com
—J~.ft75.00
50.00
25.00
;iS.W
35.00
35.00
uM IIM .p, rS «*BB
Jt=z^z-rn^.
mwmm
mtmmm
SMS? o'™=■’«!■«» 0 tL?m“?SS?
n? 1 t, i* rc nov TJ n a £**od miming stage and nli*r£e
lumber above will be brought otcFT 1 lIXC
Bo l? n, estimates that the plae'dam.
aged bj the rorrnt hrcs on the Wolf Rlwr
tributaries (the bhioc. Kmtamil- and Jfed
will amount to 50,fw.(HW fec». if thi “mne :s an £nV
5S» I “s i r£ I,e and 7 0l the atreama, the dam*
/,k t l o atK V?. s**o ri P° r thousand feat; but If
not cut the loss will be almost total, oa It would b«
bored by wonns* another !-«*a?un and destroyed for
iSSIS'SS? -i-hcre l 3 ve£ Uttfe ptaj
Injured above Kcshena. Thus the lightest estimate
ol damage to the Wolf lliver pine is>SJ,OOO.
SS? *«T *h«ri have .offered to.
a still greater extent, but the damage Is easier rr»
RfSS* ff?o Ti fh d *V
i^ D iu‘ nto rJver two or three years’stock of
!S^k? r w«“ uc amount oflogs can bepSfal
,l c Mcnomlnec Oconto, and Poshfleo Kltots
thal^rniuH D t na liable, than into the Wolf, whore
fnr-fl^H«J^ .h r re naT W*tion. One lomber-
JJS JJ® down the bay estimate their loss In pine at
X*lTe Stock Market
receipts today ware 600. and fbr the
week, up to this evening, 6,703. Business continue*
®Ugbl change in values. There wan a.
little more inquiry for choice shipping grades, in con.
sequence of the more encouraging tone ofEntcrn
advices, but there were none of thio descriiitinn un
sale, »o that, while the market was evidently stroD«»-
Si?&* SSaf JlSfSSSm°.'fa“?xmm B ma h hom
sss«fa^ oto3 75 ,M ,h0
‘L" 1 8 300: received this week,
46,293. There was no change of importance in thia
The demand was W both and
shippers being engaged, and the snpplr, was
moderate, vss disposed or st ahoii loraer raS
of prices was 3.ojat.So-tho inside
V™ V“ °i"“ idt fdrsboice fsteven
loto. Most of the transfers, however, were within the
range of-1.0ua4.15. The market c osed .toad “at 3
tocho[ce )inmon mcdlum nc lat 4.osal.So*far good
BHEliP—Received since Satnrday. Common
descriptions were dull and lower: but for
choice qualities there were buyers at
Thin lots sold at 3.0U&3.50, and choice ut -1.50ti1.7u. 1
Lake Freight*.
The market was more active, at lalWc decline
closim: dull. Wo nolo tho follmrlns cnCT-cm-
to T. Sc J iro l!' r “'I o*£t;'Su-
Icy, (Chrs Marion Kcsil, \Vm. Grundy and lurk st
Laurence. corn-all on p. t.; schre Orient and G II
Wand, corn at BJCC: Khr Light Guard and (l! Hinckl
Icy, corant He; schr Colombian, wheat at DJ4c.
Western Union
TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
Tim Company his established two miio offices for th
conveniouco of tho public. For the West Side. on tbu
northwest corner of Canal and Washington streets; for
the Bouth bide, at iM Wabash av.. just mirth of Twelfth
at. Both of th is" office are connected with nil ..f th--
Company's wires loading from the city, and are prepared
to traiiamll mpa*t»ci-« direct to all points. Branch office.!
are already established at Burlington Warehouse, cor
ner Stale and Sixteenth ets.. South Side; Shermre
Uouse and Board of Trade Booms, on West Sid© and
at all the railroad drp.ts. Other branch offices’will
soon be opened, notice o r which will be given.
The Metropolitan City Telegraph Company, acting in
connection with the Western Union, has* offices at the
following points; Douglas Ilou-e. Cottage Grove: Dexter
rara oio.«, urr sr.. iiear-Mlcuigao «v
Goss A Phillips, cormr Clark and Twelfth s.'s.; Dell’s
drug store, 1390 State st.. bolwten Thirtieth and
Thirty-first sti.; Meosden <‘o.‘n, corner Twenty-second
and Fisk sts.; Blake Whttehonse. Eighteenth nt.
Bridge, Emerson's book store, 737 West M.idison st.*;
Haskell A Dudley’s drug store. 6Y7 West Lake st.; lUn
nsh A .Lyman’s mill, Ogden .Slip, Canal I.ock*. Bridge
port.
Messages left at any of the above offices will be
promptly transmitted.
WESTERN ONION TELEGRAPH CO
MXSC ELLANIOUS,
To the Sufferers by the Late Fire
THE WEED
Sewing Blacliine Company
ite m to furnl.l, to .11 p.rllra li.,|„,
\(©©d aUcliit;©* on leHS©. who lost th,.n, i.t »k!. a.
with a new \\©vd Machine of the same style and en-’
ir flU r D eW teln‘ ~ea moa, J t P* l l thSolrtS;
tnnl w JI CoDfcrafavor by giving us their new ad
dress. Agents HftQio‘l in ©very cnuuly.
WKKD SEWING 31ACQINK CO
GEO. C. THOM AS*. Agent, m W©st Madison at.
uwji:
J. E. LAWRENCE CO.’S
Patent Fire and Damp-Proof
Alums Paper Board.
Ths beat known rnbftltat© for Plaiteting. Offio©
nortbesst comer Lake and Sopth Water sts.. Chicago.
Rums, Ruins!
Stereoscopic HxH. and Card Views of ths
RUINS OP CHICAGO.
LOVEJOT A FOSTER, formerly of CT Clark st..
arr now located at «09 West Randtlph st.. Chicago,
and are issuing Ibe flneef aeries of VIEWS OK rilE
RUINS yet mibiUJ.ed. WDOUWAIE an” BBTAIh
Views mt by mall safely, post paid, at in par do*
Stemseoplc. 8I.N) per do* Cards. Mxlt, tiTfiOeieh
Also a full Hue of Stereoocopes «t.d Views geDerallv'
wholesale ai*d retail.
Large Store
FOR REST.
The premises, SO and 39 Lake at corner Wabasb-ar.
will be rebuilt at once; 1M feet on the avenue, by
feet on Lake at., fronting on both streets; fire stories
and Immense basement. Inquire of J. II.BKED. as
above, or 66n Michigan av.
The Calumet and Chicago Canal
and Dock Company
Aon«nnres that U Is rrvpared to fnrnUh aronni
for mil mitoufmclurlne rnterpris-*. and «ccOiimo<l»-
tiops for lake or reiiroad trminporiatlrtn. at Sooth
Chicago, mile* south oftb.* city, mt tbe Calumet
.k* «re c-fferel which are worthy
of the attfOilou of mil persons n-w eoK**ed ersbont
to enctea in ttanufscturlnc. ttsilmad Connoctlo..m
exist with various roads rnnmloc Bomb, West and
North. For pmrticnUre innolre at otficeoftbo com
pmny. 2*>WaLa«u-»v.
Clubs.
PAPEBS AMD MAGAZINES,
fiend stamp for list. Want agents everywhere?
Acricoltarbt. SI; Kural K. Y.. $2; LsJger. #2.50;
Weekly, 99,50; Saturday Might, 99.50; Western World,
*9.50; Heme Circle. 91.75; Arthur. 91.50; Ladies’ Friend.
91 Jo; Peterson. *l.si; Godey, 91.50; lUrper. 13.50. Send
money In Reciatered letters, L. L. FAIRCHILD. Roll-
Ing Prsirie. Win.
Notice,
All pereens bavin* Plaoos or Organs rented from m
are reqweted to call at onr office aa soon as possible.
JULIUS BAUER A CO..
£U Mlcblean-av.
No Fire
TTaa touched tbo Coal on either of my three Docks M
Kingsbury st.. Orovo and Twsoty-eeoood at. bridre
and nail end of Randolph st. bridee. just purchased
Orders from city or country attended to.
DANIEL BOOLE
Candarango Bark,
Wo have to-day reodved a full snpply. which
oflVr to the trade aa GKNUINB, direct from and rath,
ered neder the personal fupervtalon of Mr WFlf v
C. Consul for Ecuador. war. wuu,
Tf-BtRBT A CO..
ITS Falu»n st.. New Vort.
STAMPS.
W* bar* on baud and are prepared to snsnlv tb>
market with business stamps of erery kind 0? on?
own maonfaeture, seal preesea. ribbon hand
prelectors, Ac., at moderate rati who2S
and retail, JOHN QAKRETTiSS.
701 Broadway. V, T.
ToßenU
Stores and dwellings to all parts of thacUy.br
e U.SAMPjiOM.
Real Estate and Boom Renting A*»aer,
W West Madl*oo-it.
Bank Stamps.
Notary Foals, Stenoils, Baxyage Cheeks, Ac.
a. D. OHILCB. JR. A CO..
SS East Klnate-et.
Warrantee Deeds,
TRUST DEEDS AND LEASEE
Can be ebtaiaetf from
FIELD. Klb’O d CO., 448 MichJflaa ar.
DRY GOODS.
Arc now temporarily located at
167 Michigan -av M
Where ou.r goods saved from Hre win he
Closed oßt c'ieap, and where wo shall also
6e prepared to flu uncli orders as our limit.
Ed space will allow.
Vc are now rebuilding our Warehouse
2IT A 2 I!> Moiiroe-st which we hope to
hate completed about Nov. so, wlremve
shall be t'ull.vprepiared to offer our usual c\.
tensive variety in ail departments, and trust
all our friends will reserve their orders till
that time.
Havluff been twice visited by Are during
the past year, we think It needless to remind
our friends that their remittances will be
very acceptable.
JOHN WFARWELL 00. r
K‘>7 Micbiaran-av.
Simpson,
IMorwell Co.
Will occupy tho stores its the New Marble
Building'en
Traty-secoiil-st, near Wabash-ar.,
Ob or .bont Ut Novem^r. wßfc an enure
DRY GOODS.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
PRESENT OFFICE: 1317 Indlana-ar.
near Twcnty-nlnth-st.
CARSON, PIEIE CO.
Wholesale and Retail Departments
are now opened at 636 West Lake
st., with a line of VERT CHEAP
GOODS.
STOVES AND FURNACES,
A Glean Sweep!
LESTER,
HERON, SMITH CO.,
Ilnrnt out in tho recent lire. SITED
JE.IKLT All, THEM! IMPBOTEO FDEYACB
parts E |ost S 311(1 ar rapl(llrsu PP 7 |u w ibe
They have put up a roomy fa'alldinm on
btaic-st.. where they have on hand. Just
arrhed from New lork, a larse supply of
REGISTERS
AND
VENTILATORS.
Also. Just arrived from Boston, a lar-e
supply of at
Magse Cooking Ranges,
The best elevated Oven (brick) Kan-es
for families lit use. They arc in constant
receipt of
VAN’S HOTEL RANGES,
Broilers, Carving Tables, &o„
Which arc without their ennal for H9-
TKLS and BESTAUKASIS In tho United
Mates.
''I 1 1 a ar S« force or competent me
chanics, they have resumed their prlncl
a .,.i.'i sln 5 s l° r Pett'ns In HOT AIB KUB
HACKS, of their latest and best patterns
Two members or their firm arc old and
experienced Steam Dealing Engineers,
and STEAM 11 EATING Is their spwWK
In all Its branches. 1
Cali or send orders to
IKSTKK, UEDOX, SMITH CO.,
tOtiS A 1010 State-st.
CLOTHING.
MABLEY
HULL,
The well-known Clothiers
of tie West,
ABE NOW OPE?ritf« THEIR
IMMENSE STOCK!
CLOTHING
AND
Gents’ Furnishing Goods.
READY soon.
PRICED LOW.
STOCK HEAVY.
(tap One-Price Clotting House,
>22 West Madison-st,
SEWING MACHINES.
HOME-''
Shuttle Sewing Machine,
Tlio Cheapest I.ook-Stilch Sew
ing Machine in the world.
Price, $37,
Agent* wanted. Addres*
JOHNSON, OLAEK 00., General Agts..
947 West Radison-st^
Chicago. ILL.
SUFFERERS
them, can obtain new ones Jo ff«« ?r ih.2. Yl B
ibk aucame, 37s «e»t Madison at.. or 377 booth Park*
LORD. nomwiUlAMS. n.n'nl As.au.
SINGER
SEWING MACUINB Office of J. N. WILKINS, IGT
SULWACKKB-AT.
STOVES.
BROWN BROTHERS,
386 Eut Monroe street*
COLD PLACE'
MANUFACTURERS OF
HrstVi Patent Sidewalk Idskti,
ASD HOSTS CELEBRATED
"Dakota" Soft Coal Stoves,
Xaj bo Ibond at the old quarter*, as above, ready
for orders.
PAGE SPRAGUE
HATE REMOVED TO .NEW STORE.
304 and 300 Wal)^sh*i(r«
FULL STOCK
Window Glass* Paints and Oils*
FIRE ENGINES.
FIRE! HRS!: HRS!'
’ilSßlf MANUFACTURING CO
SENECA FALLS, N. Y., 1
HCILDER3 OP
STEAM FIRE ENGINES
FOR CITIES AND VILLAGES.
Oli.- sinnllct .if, slMln y ire
Ura»„l;r Infnty men. and will diaenann «o s ,i,"
wMcrpirmimilc. Al*y. builder* of
iTAUi.N.Uir oTCAJI JIBE ESOWES, AND
1-' HfßSt KOTARS’ POWER. »„d
fire pumps.
ssszsr 0
S,x# So, 4 Will 4i«hrt r -*600 sallon* «r _ a
Z^nlT V ,li!,El, 750 of U
UMff.Caru.
BtWj, BubWr,
La.irher, and
Lioea
Te/h’a Patent
AaJ Sen
<VtipHns«.. Pi'Chnrc® Pipes. »ad
FIKE OEVAISTMEST &CPPUSB OSNBRaIIT
Orer E i*fn«
Ur ,re rump ar# ifi Iteamai?
SftJ .cr I'trcular. AJ.ln«*
Silsby Oo.,
SZNECATALLS, W. Y.,
(EgtaMlghed in Itild.) or CWTr.Ann tt.
MUSICAXJDfSTIIIIMENTS.
After tie Fire
Now is the time to buy Pianos.
Organs, Melodeons, Brass ani
String Instruments, &c., &c.
of B9 W^,U ns on now
270 and 614 Michigan-av,
Knaloe Pianos,
J. Bauer Co.’s Pianos,
Needham’s s "'Sm. uea Organs,
,r b
-O=tho willluiieoi, hami new atyla
f&M I which t0,,:.
270 and 614 Michigan-av.
w. W. KIMBALL,
610 Michigan-av.
Pianos, Organs and Melodeons.
PIANOS KOU SALE AND TO RSXX.
-i«x*sra ,^s, ro t.h«4iPto«.
6,0 p...-
railroads.
Pittsburgh, Ft. Wayna
AM>
Chicago Railway
IS ALL PLIQ-XiT.
S:JgJ; ?^^To”,V”iS‘te on
aZ'ou ttM for P d Sleeotae c.™
W. C. CIELAID,
AwtOcn'l PaMcnser Agt.
CHICAGO, HOCK ISLAND PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
NOTICK-Th« raji.iui.rD.pot ot thl. Conpmr u.
Ucbrf >t the corn.r of Polk ,nj Sh«nc.a-.t..,.{ .hick
puco train* arrive and depart as otual.
neon RIDDLE, Gan. Hap-t.
A. M. RJIITH, Geo. PaM'irar
T°“nb* I m a, d of a.rk.«
Erie Railway Line.
It© Union steamboat Co.
thil line wilt pleaaa take b»-
A?™tf&Vt‘Sr c C W.Ur.U„ or*
W. BDLLARD, Afest.
Specially iipitant.
The Pacific Ins. Comp’y.
with its r J 7
Capital of $1,000,000 in GoM,
b prepared to issue Insurance at fair
rates through its Agents,
MILLER DREW,
No. 472 Wabash-uv.
mON PROMTS.
Iron Fronts,
And every deeerlptloa of
IRON WORK
FOR BUILDINGS.
With over 3o roars* experience, and bavins OMOflii-
DK»t extensive IRON WORKS in thU ooantrr wham th*
mannfaetnre of FINE IRON WORK of every deeeriy
tlon forbnlldlnaa la mads a specialty, besides having
greater camber of-designs, pat term, such os are imJ in
oor modern edifices, wears enabled to offer greater ia
docemeats to those Intending to fanild, than an/ oth-r
establishment.
Illustrated catalogues aeetoo application.
JAS. L,. JACKSON A BRO.,
EMtT„otj-dshth .L. B«eond .ad Eut Titmit
ninth at.. New York City.
BOOKBINDERS.
O. E.
JOHN R. BARRETT CO.,
BOOKBINDERS,
Proprietors of "rmenon’s Binder”
Emerson’s Clip and Pile,”'
OM* 119 finnth CUrk .1.), for u.
S°3 West Eake-sf.,
Hare jnat arranged for an EXTENSION •fteiiauiw
will toon oe ablo to -flit Um largeet orders. fa addltte.
to oar tenner boslneea tbs eyeleting of Brieb. Car**
etc., will be made a specialty.
Send in Your Orders.
Furniture,
PARLOR FURNITURE,
BEDROOM FURNITURE, ’F
OFFICE FURNITURE, Jj
T. k. Md .1 ,b,U.U, £JjWjg,... I
And at IM Weet Lake at. «A«AHN.
OSWALD SCBITSCHKT.