I.. 1;. -I DITOR
F. A. IOS ,...PU1I LISIIF1t
OVF!(: :-CORNEER OF
F31NT ANJ B"JT JEGAiiDST~ETS,
O rv
T. C. hI:nrtnn Co.,.. _ .n· Orleans
'I'hmi-ma Mcintyre-------.
.1. Curtis Wadldo......
S. V. I'ettengi1i Co..... New Yoi;
G&ri l i in Il offi n n n B al timt o r e .ltd
W dil,E.......MV L I,17
M)V··.r 15, 1S 71.
rHEp LAD)IES OF THIE CONG(T.E- see
;g:tion of fst. Xnvier ('huncli h i re i
req uted to meoet ,i thi Townu IIll. ie
on T'I'|i'I AY, No.) VE'I. i 11 iT. at tes
io'cl-c k P.. A general :ttrndanee i lIi
tlrgit l, as lnsini, less of" i)l)norltauoe will i ii
be stiubmitt.id for settleme:t. els
"St
The Rapides itRace Course. n
Ur
We are gild to lknow and anll
nounce that our liautiful and well re
laid out Race Coniuse is again to be (i
revived :;nd that ait once. Some o~f E
our energetic and live you.ng "men,r
aided and encouraged by the shal rea
holders, h1ave taken the matter in le
hand anlld will pluh it to an early at.
conpil)etioll. For the present the re
progr;:tlinle is to erect the necessa- cc
ry aiid suitable buildings, and start Iv
enarly in the Splring w.;tt an Agri- w
cultural and 3Iechanieal Fair, simn
ilar to those of New Orleans and pi
other Towns in Louisiana. hI
lut the main object in our an- tl
noutrittig this, thus early, is to at
make kiown another very imlior
taut object in the initiation of this 1
project. It is this: That a Fair, I1
similar to the recent one here, un- I
der the auspices and gnidaince of (d
the Lflies of Rapides be gotten i
up, about the 24th of December,
1871, to raise meauns to mIake aI
start for the purchase of lumber
and materials necessary for the I
erection of the buildings. We throw
this out as a feasible hint, lihat canl
but result in much good. W\e urge
that the yonng gentlemen, at once,
nmeet and organise temporarily and a
wait on the Ladies, and our word a
for it, the call will be answered. E
We are sure good action will be f
had and speedily at that, and il- c
onr nlext we expect to record an
good start. t
The Fair.
We are more than delighted to
aninonice that the Fair, given by*3"
the Ladies of the Catholic Citurcih,
was more than :a success and sur
passed the expectatioins of the most
sanguine. The netit receipts reach
ed the handsolme sum of $1.100
which for the I ilmes is immnuse and
speaks volumes in Incise of tlhe
liberality and christian charity of
our peoile in their present hard
up conditieon. The ladies worked
weeks in advance, :lborionusly for
the Fair, and tWere present in large
numlbners, their beanul(ifl faces
beaming with s:miles, whilst" they
were well suppolted by the attend
ancc of the roulgher specilmenltS o1'
humaniity. Take the, Fair as a tout
ensemble, we reiterate it was a
pleasing and well conducted enter
tainment, meeting lthe success it
merihtcd and will be kindly remem
bered by all who aided by their at
tendantce and purse the noble ef
forts of the Catholic Ladies of Iha
pides.
uS. Grant, the President of the
best Governmtent under the planet,
anid WViarmimthlii, the Governor ofI
Louisiann, have ist;u(ed a Thirhaiks
giving Plioclaniation an it d ixed
Thursday, Novembher 30t)h, 1871, as
a iy of prayer and faist ig lor the
"luanuy blessin1ls wiilt which thie
past y-ear has beenll cr'owled." W\1e
cili't see tlhee blessings lnid litil to
applrceinto the point, but will, on
that dny p'irly naildlast, that it mniy
not get worset'.
IFilluxs.N's BALLt.- The mem
bers otf Pa-ciei- Fire CoinilIny give
their first Calico Ball, on the even
ing of thi t 224 inst. These social
gatheltrings nai'e more needed here
thalin ever. Tto much encouirage
nlelit enu nlot he given to such re
uiions of ithe benaty and n:uilhoodh
of Ra'pides. They can but revive
haplpy times and memuories, drive
away dull care, make us forget oIb
n whlue our sad ix anud banish the
toils and hardships of our dull and
cold worl. They have our most
fervent wishes or a good happy3
time.
ug.We nae having horrid weat h
er, with continued and heavy rains,
wlicli is doing ilnjlury, lore or less,
to the planters. It seemIs to be a
def'nier coup de grace to fiuish us
The river is now well up
and in Ane boating conditioi. It
has risen full tive Lfee't, sillce our
liait, and still rising. Plenty ol
boats with freights at ono card
ratt.
The Lesson of the Elections. Be
The F;ll elections of this year have TI
resulted in large majorities for the Rad- "Ex
ical ticket in the most important States this
of the Union. 'The four most populous turn
States, New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio jf I
and Illinois have elected the republi- cine
can ticket. New York-the strong- ado]
hold of Democracy--which gave nine- dies
ty thonusand majority last year, gave StoI
a Rlepublican majority at the recent triu
election of twenty thousand. pop
It is impossible to conceal the mean- er fi
ing of these large Republican gains. It one
means neither more nor less than that curt
1a majority iof the people of the North veg
ulhold Grant in his corrupt, tyranni- fev
`e:l nod unconsltitutlinal administra- stip
tion of the governmnent. Disaffected ern
Republicans, who may be conscientious- in t
ly opposed to the adiniitratiou, may int
seek other reasons, lint thinking men res
will not bllind their eyes to the real to
Iaets of the case. This opposition, no- fly
ider the lead of aMr. Greeley, was as for- of
midable in New York as anywhere wh
else; it almost had a niajority in the ser
State Convention and was very bitter ei
against the Grant faction; and yet an
Grant and his office-holders have sue- fat
ceeded in whipping in all the refracto- on
ry Radicals and in obtaining an en- ger
Sldors.emnt of the administration in the im
fEmpire State. Of course every feeble tri
IRadical voice which now raises itsell u
Sagainst his re-nomination will be si- inl
lenced. Grant will be nominated by in,
acclamation, and, if he should be elect- as
ed, he will lie nominated for a third so
tern. Frank fllair was perfectly sitl- st
cere when he said that he would never S;
leave the White IIouse voluntarly W
Swhile hlie lived. lit
I- The.disasters which befell the Whig th
l party in the Fall elections of 1839 led re
to their prudence in the selection of cl:
t their tmost popular candidato and to
oan overwhelming victory in 1840. We L
sincerely hope that this lesson will not
he Iost upon the opponents of Grant N1
who desire his defeat in the election of
1872. We believe that h11 can be de- hi
a- tented; but it will require all the pre- lh
)1 dence, wisdom, union and harmony
It of which his opponents are capable. tl
i, We will not now indicate the best plan
a to lbe pursued, although we have a very r
r I well settled opinion :as to what it shall o
i be. It is time, however, that the Con-
Sselvative malsses were setting about
the maturing of their plans. ri
n But amnid all these disasters there is o
Sa gleam 'rf hope for the people of the in
e' South. Thie result in Virginia, in Tex
id as, the flight of Bullock, of Georgia,
*d and t h e financial conmplications of si
d. Scott, of South Cnroline, leave no roomni
te for doubt that the peotple are on the
in, eve of getting clear of the Carpet-bag
a governments forever. The policy of
the Conservatives of the South is,
therefore, plain. The success of this a
or that Presidential candidate is of in- ii
finitely less moment to them than the
to securing of honest, capablle and faithful t
13 State officers. We need honesty in tle c
I,l administration of the State govern
r- nments, to repair the waste caused by
st the corruption and venality of the lar
lpies sent aniong us under the Radical
h- reconstruction Ilaws. By union and
hlrnmony aniong the Conservative cle
d nents in every Soutlhern State can be
hie Ilint nnder an administration composed
of of its own tried and trusted men.
rd Of all the Southern States none have
ed sufflere more from Radical rule thlan
or Louisiana. By the manipulations of
e those who have had charge of the bal
S lot-box she has been brought to the
verge of :imtikruptey, and her people
to lthe brink of ruin. It becomes all
ohonest menl to make an energetic ellbrt
S:it the coniing ejection to rid the State
t of the incubns epon her growth 1and
il prospe.rity. To this end tlhere should
rr- be no longer any ill-fe(-ling, or vii ilue
it ratioln ,tf langualge, among those who
l- icoipose the d'ffterent elemenlts oppos
at- ed to Iladicalisnil. There should be
efIc- rfict nnion and hIarmlnony amlong
tliithem. Whether it lie best to collect
them all under thile Democratic hailnner
or under sonec oilier Conservative or
lie gauizationi is of little coiinsequence in
et, coiiip.ison to the nlagnitude of the
o ob.ljects to be at.t;ained. We\' arc sure
t;hat a coallition perfectly satisfaictory
ito all parties can lie illatle; and we are
nequally sae hat it will be made.
With snlch a coalition, and a fair elee
the ion, there can be no reasonable doubt
of a si:lendil victory.
C The Democratic State Central Cornm
I to1 1i1ttee is to meet inll New Orleais on
oil the 22d inst. We have great confidence
int ini the wisdomu and integrity of the
gciitleiten who eoimpose tlhis commit
tee. We hope Ihat a full meeting can
m he obtaiined, and that prndenice and
e discretion will gunitle its councils. We
en- think it premature in teo counlmiltee
:itl (even if it has the authority) to pledge
lere the l)enocratic party tlhus early to any
ug- particular line of i ion. hcyond pro
re- vidilng for a tllorough organization
o01 thrliighonut the State, conferring to
o gethier on the State of affalirs, we do
.p nott tlhink they should go. We slhould be
ipainedl to see anything done which
woinld dlive from a conlmon organiza
t tion a sinigle one who is oppllolsed to the
1 continuedl Radical government of tl;e
ost Stante. Bnt, as we said, we have con
PPY fidence in the Central Committee, nod
have no fear of its committing a single
imprudent act.
is, I Doats ale already bringing
ess, C orni for our peopl'e. When will
Ic the long line roach its end? When
wus will corn be raised in Rapides?'
How much longer ea, our people
continue to travel this road to ruin
l and starvation.
toP Kindness is the mnaic of good
ow til to men; and on this harp the
ad smanllest fingels maiy play heaven'
sweetest tunes on earth.
Be Guided by What Yon Know.
There is an old proverb which says, 34
"Experience is the safest guide." To old
this guide the sick and ailing naturally Pa.,
turn when casting about for the means for
of relief. They inquire what a medi- The
cine has done for others, before they
adopt it themselves. Of all the remre- an
dies and preventives in use, HIostetter's
Stomach Bitters meets the test most sevi
triumphantly, and hence its immense mo,
popularity and vast sales. The suffer tak:
er from indigestion is sure to find some The
one among his friends who has been foll
cured of that ailment by the famous 7
vegetable stomachic. The victim of this
fever and ague, liver complaint, con- tiot
stipation. nervous prostration, or gen- bro
eral debility, has only to make inquiry
in the neighbothood where he resides
in order to discover what this standard an
restorative has effected in cases similar boc
to his own. In the published testimo- Mr
ny to its merits he will find a volume ciri
of proofs of its sanitary properties, buv
which it is impossible for his common age
sense to resist. He tries it, and the the
effect it produces on his system adds cae
another to the host of witnesses in its o1d
favor. Thus, its reputation, founded me
on facts, not assertions, continually do
grows and spreads. Charlatans and sul
impostors, some of them mere local
tricksters, and others who take a some
I hat wider range, attempt to thrust if
into the hands and down the throats of thL
invalids, their haphazard concoctions, ter
as substitutes for the tonic which for is
I so many years has been a medicinal up
staple throughout the United States, pn
r Spanish America, Canada, and the it
r West Indies, but only succeed to a very th
limited extent. In this reasoning age, tit
g the people, having ascertained what is
ti really deserving of their confidence, de
t cline "running after strange gods." te
rWe read, with the pride of a of
e Lonisianian, a handsome tribute to J. f
t P. Benjamin in the London Ledger.- f
t With all the obstacles in the way of
if professional promotion in England, he fo
has made his mark. In a short time, 1l
h- he will be second to no man of the tl
y PBritish bar. We copy as follows from gi
the Ledger: m
nI IHis income, previously small, has tE
risen to £4,000 per annum, and in an
11 other year will doubtless be double
i. what it now is. Mr. Benjamin has Ce
beeu offered the opportunity of going
into parliament, and it would be a en
rious thing indeed to hear in the House
is of Commons the same voice which once
le ºung out so clearly in the U. S. Senate a
_ Chamber; but Mr. B. has declined to
turu aside from the brilliant profession- It
a, al career which awaits him. He now e
of stands second at the bar only to Sir e
m Itoundell Palmer, and on any special
occasion oli'hring a scope for his great
powers of eloquence, would undonbt- o
'o edly surpass that distinguished jurist.
is, BRITISH QIUARiTERLY REVIEW.-We I
is are indebted to the Leonard Scott Pub- t
a.- lishing Company, New York, for the e
iee October number of the British t4uar- a
al terly Review. It has interesting arti- t
lie cles on the following subjects:
n- I. Dr. Carl Ullman.
)y 2. Aerial Vogages. f
nr- 3. Early Sufferings of the Frte Church
al of Scotland.
id 4. The Romance of the Rose.
e- 5. Wesley and Wesleyanism.
be 6. Letterr and Letter Writing.
ed 7. Mr. Darwin on the Origin of Man.
8. The Session.
ve 9. Contemporary Literature.
aof L' The Hon. James McCleery, mem
ber of Congress from this DistrictI
lie died a few days ago in New York.
There is already a candidate an
all nounced for the vacancy. Thie Hen.
J. Madison Wells' name is officially
to niamed for the office. We have no
doubt that candidates will be thicker
d than fiddlers in ih--1.
Ie- lF Mr. Owen King, saddler and har
ho ness maker, has recently purchlased
"s thie stock of material owned by tihe
be late James Spriegel, and is now amply
ing prepared to make or repair saddles
ect harness &c., in prompt and workman
ner like style. Those in need of such
or- articles would do well to give him a
in call. See his advertisement.
nrc GIuLs PLA-IN.-lThLere is hardly
o another sight in the world so pretty as
are that of a company of young girls, al
do. must women grown, at play, and so
lec- giving themselves up to their airy im
ubt pulse that their tiptoes barely touch
the ground. Girlsareso incomparably
,m- wilder and more effervescent than
n boys, more ntameable, and regardless
tce of rule or limit, with an ever-shifting
tie variety, breaking continually into new
nit- modes offun, yet with a harmonious
can propriety, through all. Their steps,
and their voices, appear as free as the
We wind, but keep consonance with a
te straiu of musicinandible to us. Yonug
dge men and boys, on thie other hand, play
any according to recognized law, old tra
io- ditionary games permitting no cap
tioni rices of fancy, but with scope enough
to- tfr thIe outbreak of savage instincts;
a do for, yonung or old, in play, man is prone
d be to be a brute.
rr Wilhelm, the composer of the
i German national hymn, "The Watch
on the Rh!ine," of which over six hun
ndred hundred thousand copies were
and sold in Germany aiuee tie breaking
out of the war in France, died a few
weeks ago of apoplexy.
bA" We tharnk the clerks of the
ing lotuslNo. 3, Little FiCeta8 Ozark, J.
1'. Moore, OCarie Clonverse, Bouth.
hen Westeri and Garry Owen for late
city plapers.
)ple
uin A AoGo'SYMPraTIzcza.-Old man
Smith, of Butts County, Ga., wholives
on the line of Sherman's "March to the
nod Sea," says an exclumge, subscribed a
tIe hundred bundles of fodder to; the cow
e u's that kicked over the lamp that bprnt
up the modern Sodom.
Secrets of anla old Graveyard. A N1
Some weeks ago a portion of an EDI
old burying-ground, in Pittatown, Y
Pa., was being dug op, to make room ing
for the erection cf a new church. fort
The ground has been used for a bury mine
ing ground for about one hundred this
and twenty years. From fifty to yen
seventy-five bodies have' been re- is t1
moved, and the disagreeable under- the:
taking has been about completed. We
The Pittstown Ledger furnishes the phil
following curious particulars: forg
The removal of the bodies from up
this burial ground, and the excava- dea
tion for the new church edifice, has
brought to light some curious facts lief
which have caused considerable talk wbh
and speculation. For instance, the jur
body in one coffin was found to be wet
turned face downward, which strange of r
circumstances might be attributed to 'I
burial while living or supernatural ple
agency, but is generally supposed by and
the coffin filling water. In another
case both body and coffin (that of an of
old resident of the vicinity, interred and
many years ago) ,were found upside rea
down, and this could not have re- ire
sulted from water in the grave. The wil
coffin was undoubtedly interred, and Ila
t if so, how could it be turned over in Th
f this manner? The theory is that af- pe(
ter burial the doctors who were puz- the
r zled as to the cause of death, took ext
I up the bony for examination, and gie
'I put the coffin back upside down, as ex
e it was found. One grave, in which tI
r there had been some remains, as rig
time could not have moulded them
away, was ascertained to be entirely mi
tenantless-supposed to have been tol
visited by body snatchers. The bones pe
of two persons who died thirty or bu
forty ago of black small-pox, were OP
found to be entirely black. Three or
four bodies were found to be partial
ly petrified, caused by the water (al
e though the graves are in rather high
m ground) and one body that of an old
man who had hanged himself nine or
as ten years ago-was beliered to be Li
Sturned entirely to stone, as it weight of
as could not otherwise be accounted for le,
g -but for some reason the relatives at
s who took.charge [of the coffin declin- cr
ce ed to have it opened. In one grave
te among the human bones were found o.
o large teeth of some animal, the pres
iw ence of which could only be account- hi
ed for by supposing that they wore ki
at thrown in among the dirt at the time q,
ºt- of the interment, and had gradually e
st. worked down to the decaying body. N1
Ve It is demonstrated here that the ai
b- teeth, and after them the skull, long- as
he eat resist the process of decay, and P
ir- are the last portion of poor humani- tl
ti- ty to return again to mother earth. d
A remarkable disinterment took b
place on Wednesday last, in digging b
for the foundation wall, near the s
cli Hanover and Walnut street corner
of the burial ground. The remains r
of a man were found in a square box, a
about eighteen inches below the sur- a
in. face there being a few bones, 'a piece a
of skull, a bunch of sandy hair, some d
metal buttons, a portion of a flannel a
skirt or blouse, a small copper coin, a s
pocket-knife, the soles of' a pair of 1
ik boots, and five or six links of a chain. 8
n- The man had evidently been buried
n. hastily, in his clothing and boots, and
Ily the knife and coin had been in his 4
no pocket. How the piece of chain,
ker which was several inches long, came
there, isoa mystery. Had the man
ar- been hanged, or exencuted in some
ted manner for a crime, or had the chain I
the accidentllygot into the grave when 1
ply he was buried?
lies Many incline to the former opinion
nan Tradition has it that two soldiers of
ch the Revolutionary war were found
a buried in that corner of the grave
yard, and. the articles found about
dly this person indicate thathe had been
as dressed in military clothing; but
al- wherefore the chain, if a soldier He
so might have been a deserter, a spy or
m-a Tory, who had been summarily
c dealt with, and who had been hand
Scuffed at the time of his execution.
ess The chain was in just about the
ing position it would be if used to join
en handcuffs which were on the wrists
ous of the occupant of the mysterious
eps, box; but no handcuff.could beofound
the Could they have corroded and rusted
h away? The box was pine wood fast
ng ncued with large, old:wrought nails,
play and both nails and wood were well
tra- preserved. If this mysterious per
sP- onage was buried in the days of the
Revolution, as seems probable, he
must have slept there nearly ninety
years, and his name and history must
remain as a sealed book to those who
the have disturbed his abode.
atch
an.- 1Wf The Bfirstanniversary of the
were death of General R.E. Lee was ob
irig served by an association of ex-Con
few federates'in Baltimore on the 12th.
Wade Hampton delivered a eulogy.
the There was a great crowd present.
Among the prominent persons on the
it platform were Jeferson Davis, Rev
late erdy Johnson andi several Confeseer
ate generals.
m Uqr passioins are like convau
ives sionits, which, thouagh they nalske
.the u stronger for t.a time, leave 0s
cow EDAVY MESS PORK and EXTRA
mrnt I Latd for sate by
HR1TRY A& BIOBSA RT
A Noble Revenge e e-. Sherman. phy
was
EDITOR DEMOCRAT:
You will do me a favor by publish- coac
ing the accompanying letter. Itspeaks she
volumes to the sympathizers of the un- has
fortunate Chicago, while it calls to reli
mind acts of brutality committed in sacd
this town, and others sbo-king to the life,
sensibilities of all, except fiends, with- atta
in that scope of country destroyed by pro'
the Federal army during the late war. I an
.We are constantly counciled by our slee
philanthropic fiiends in the North to she
forget the past. The old adage is held and
up to us, to "let the dead bury their bus
dead." Such expressions of policy and tios
deception are unnatural. I know some lint
try to deceive themselves with the be- tIla
lief that they love their enemies, those ly
who have willfully and maliciously in- C
e jured them; but it is only an amiable two
e weakness, that does not bear the test
e of natural laws. ths
o The memories of the Southern peo- beI
tI ple are too heavily laden with willful I ti
and malignant outrages committed on am
them in a spirit of Puritanical hate, loo
with continued reminders in the way the
n of unjust and ungenerous legislation, sea
d and thereby persecution, to have much do
re real sympathy excited for those who for
fired one hundred guns in honor of the in
te willful and malignant burning of Co- I
d lumbia, S. C., by General Sherman.- ane
in The miseries of that impoverished so
,f- people, hopeless of assistance from
z- their friends, who were reduced to the ve
>k extremities of real want, were really ha
id gloated at and rejoiced over by the
now suffering people of Chicago. The no
excuse of this self-righteous people was col
b that the South was engaged in an un
asrighteous war. an
,m These outrageous offences were com- rei
ly mitted on man by man, because of in- to
en tolerance of opinion. The Southern wl
es people were honest in their opinions, bt
or but because they differed from their
re opponents, the innocent and guilty
or were made to snffer alike. They have a
been made subject to their negroes wi
since, in violation of all laws of nature.
Ignorance and poverty have controled th
gh intelligence and wealth. The City of
dd Chicago boasts of having paid $25,000 cc
or for the original Proclamation of Mr. re
be Lineoln robbing the Southern people di
bht of their property, the negroes, whose pl
For legislation over the State of Louisiana d'
res and City of New Orleans alone has in- e<
in- creased the debt from ten millions to P'
wre seventy-six millions. This is the report at
sd of the Radical Auditor. bi
Our misfortunes have been brought v'
on as and we received them at the t
hands of our enemies, known and ac
ore knowledged. We may at least ask the P
me question, why should such a terrible CI
ily calamity befall the City of Chicago 1o
dy. May it not be a just retribution for her d
the self-righteousness, and if so, who can I
ag- say it was not deserved 'Till this is to
md positively known, it seems unnatural a
mi_ the whole Southern Press should in- a
dulge in so much false sympathy.- tl
)ik That this impoverished people should
be contributing to the relief of these t
thg self-righteous people, I have not the a
slightest doubt but it is ior their good, t
ner and that they themselves clothed in fl
uns righteous faith believe it a righteous q
tox, act of Providence, and that it is only a
mr- a manifestation of special love of God, f
iece as God chasteneth those He loveth. I I
mne do hope the Southern, Press will cease a
nel scattering their false impressions of I
n, a sympathy and recollect the Southern
r of people will retain their natural in
stincts EVER.
amn. 1
Red MEMPHIS, TENN., 1871.
and essrs Editors: I have read with
he deep interest the series of articles by
a "Georgia Lady," under the caption
ine of: "In and out of Lines." The last
nan number in which she describes the
ome destruction of Casville, recalls forcibly 1
bain to my mind the feelings I had Septem- I
hen her, 1864, while I saw the thousands
of helpless sick women and children
aon t Lovejovy's who had been driven out
es of of Atlanta, and tumbled oat of the cars
wnd without any friendly face to appeal
to. I was describing the scene to an
old army friend whom I had not seen
ot for many years; and he, too, had his
been story to relate of Sherman's barbarity,
but and the sweet revenge that came to
He him not long after the war was over.
y or Said heo:
arily I was a surgeon in the Confederate
and- army. When I left Memphis to join
tion. the army I was obliged, of course, to
I the leave my wife and two little boys, who
join were then aged respectively five and
rists even, to take care of themselves. I
devoted myself with great earnestness
to the causne, and my wife, like other
nd southern women, sympathized with me.
Isted I gained, I suppose, some prominence,
fast- as my wife and children were singled
mail., out by Sherman, when be occupied
well Memphis, for his especial hate. He
per- sent them over the Mississippi river,
Sthe Oand turoned them adrift in the woods
e of Arkansas without food and without
inety clothing, except what they had on, and
must issued orders that any boat which
should dare to take them down the
giver would be conaicated. There
they remained, in-what state of anxie
Sthe ty yeou well can imagine, until they
Sob-were found by a old family negro
Con- who had managed to elude the senti
nels in order to go to their relief. By
this old negro's efforts they were con
gy. veyed down tihe river to another land
nnt ing, and,at I o'clock the next morninag
the were taken on .board of a steamer,
Rev- whose Captain had been apprised of
eder- their situation. You can imagine my
feelings when I beard my wife deseribe
berraferiags, and then I decided, if
leverh 8berman came in my way, to be
rsake reveaged.
To US Not long after the war, I was triivel
inag to St. Louis. About two o'cloek
:TIRA in the morning I heard some one ask,
in a loud voice, if there was a doctor
oT. an the train? I replied that I was
physician, and desired to know what
was the matterT He said Mrs. General
She)lpan was very ill in the sleeping if
coach, and uniess relieved, be feared frien
she would die. Said I, now my time swet
-has come, and I went at once to her soul
relief. I never waited on a lady with
such tenderness and attention in my
life, and although, she. had a violent gerii
attack of cholera morbus, of eating inm- we
prudently of oysters the night before, wor
I succeeded in giving, her relief and B
sleep. When we reached St. Louis, stor
she and her attendants and my sons for
and self happened in the same omni- how
bus. Mrs. Sherman began a conversa- risir
tion about the bitterness that still utte
lingered in the Southern heart, and
that the people had not been sufficient
ly humbled. you
One of my little sons, who was about hap
twelve years old, replied: Pna
"Madame, how can you expect any- cen
thing but bitterness, when we remem- A
her how we have been treated I When lens
I think about their sending my mother dea
and brother here, and turning them "en
loose in the Arkansab swamps, I hate is r
them, and always shall. The Yankees foil
sent us out of Memphis without any
clothing or food, away from any house (ra
for no reason except that Father was ove
in the army." wr
Mrs. Sherman looked up in surprise, to
and remarked: who could have been asm
I so cruel f" rea
t "WhfGeneral Sherman! be is the exii
very man who did it, I shall always ed
hate him for it." If
If a shell had burst, it could have ear
a not created greater consternation and cia
s confusion.
I did not say a word,/and in fact not fe
another word was spoken until we res
reached the hotel. When I had gone to
to my room I said; Son, did you know bra
o who you were talking to in the omni- pec
t, bust vo
r "No sir!" gL
y "Well, I suppose you didn't for that
e was Mrs. Sherman, General Sherman's thl
g wife."
He replied: "Father, I only told her
d the truth, and I'm glad I did it." ap
ºf In a short time afterwards, an of- WE
p cer in Federal uniform called at my go
r. room and stated that General Sherman tel
le desired me to render my bill. I re- jo;
N plied I have no bill. He" insisted--I i
a declinded. General Sherman teen call- no
t, ed in person, and insisted, in a very fog
peremtory manner. I still declined, ev
.g stating to him, "General, I have no z
bill, and I am only too glad to be re
bt venged for the manner in which you
1C treated my wife and children. When
e- I was far away and they had no other P(
ie protector, for no other reason than be- le
le cause my wife sympathized with the
cause in which I was engaged-you in
er drove them into the woods to starve. th
an I have had it in my power to aid ma- is
is terially in restoring your wife to health, bi
al and probably in saving her life. The y,
aec thiat you know who I am, Is all is
the bill I shall ever send." A
Id At dinner a servant came to our
so table, and placed a glass at my plate ti
he and at the plate of each of my sons, re
d, turned with a bottle of wine, and
in filling my glass, stated that General
us Sherman requested the privilege of a
ly glass of wine. He was proceeding to
d, ill my sons' glasses, when the elder
I placed his hand over the glass and
Ise said :"-N E v E R. --[Lawrenceville C.
of Herald. b
rn a
i- AMERICAN AND GKRMAN FARMING.
A correspondent of the Springfield Re- tl
publican, writes from Dresden
Of the two and a half millions inhab
it itants of Saxony, two-thirds live in the
by country (platt-land) and 130,000 are
on land owners, 80,000 possesring each d
on more than twoacres, and, 300,000 be- a
ing their own farmers, i.e., working a
their own soil. The valuation of the a
land ontside of the cities reaches near
m ly I600,000,000 and an annual harvest j
is valued at 45000,000. Thie 50,000
ren farms of Massachusetts, with a valua
tion in land of less that one-fifth as
much, get more than two-thirds as
mnch for their crops as the Saxon far
an mers. The Saxon farmers, however,
en never ask whether farming pays. They
his maintain slow, but slow, but sure pros
ity, perity, and doring the last third of a
century have advanced the rate of 1
er. production proportionately with an in- I
crease of nearly 60 per eent. in popno i
lation. This advance has not been i
through the American avenue of intro
ducing new methods, but probably by
Sa closer and more desperate forcing of
the old and settled methods of farming.
The railway recently took me over
Sthoufads of aeres of crops in the pro
eess of harvesting, in thle kingdom and
me Prussian Province of Saxony, a regiom
iee, for the most part that would deligA
Pled ue eye of even en American farme,
d lying as level and mellow to the plow
eas the gentle,'rolling billows of Illinois.
rer, Often, as far as the eye could reach on
either side of the railroad, stretched
t one cultivated expanse, unmarred by
d fences, but ehleckered all over with thi
Ileh infinite interchange of erops, seseaesly
Sany one field ot one crop being of more
Sthan one or two acseres in extent. Yet
ina all these thousands of "lurs" (cer
Vhec tainly here a field is a "foot") not a
ego mowing or reaping machine or horse
ti- rake was to he seen. Every awath
By had been haggled offend tumbled to
oa gether by the old-fashioned lcythe ev.
Sery winrew of hay had been collected
slag with a puttering head rake, every sheaf
me, of grain bound by a woman's arms, and
I of when the emrop had AInally gone off
my upon wheelbarrows or drawn by hu
Sneosed cows, the serried rows of stub
ible exposed the antiquiafty of the
be ower's tools sad bis or hert unakilful
Sness a using even these. Imagine a
vel- scythe only three feet in length, four
dock inclhes broad at the heel, fixed in a
k, straight snath, and a hand-rake with a
Song saplig stripped of Its bark for
aotor sbhandle, sad you have speeaens of
imu tUthe out ue a Geman hemakosr.
The Word Farewell. 4
If ever a latent feeling of love
friendship assumes a tender r
sweeping the innermost depth of"
soul, and kindling sad emotions i
two warm hearts, it is a memory
gering upon the parting hour,
we whislr that little but exp
word-farewell.
Brave heart that has buffeted
storms of life, and did not tr
for the issue when troubles
how powerless at last to check
rising tear or suppress a sigh as
uttered an adieu to the friend
had shared your joys and so
your little playmate ip child
happy days, when earth seemc'l
paradise of winning confidence,
cence and truth.
Any one who stands in death's
lent chamber, and while gazing
dead face, upon which the sad
"ended," is written by idy fingers
is ready to forget and forgive all
follies of a rmis-spent life, and
draw the "soft mantle of c
over the record of an enemy
wronged us; even so when we
to part with those who only had
small share of our affection,
readily forgive any differences
existed, or hard feelings that b
ed the warm current of our r
If then such are our emotions u
saying adieu to some ordinary
eliate, how much more intense
t feelings of regard when the eye
e resting upon the features en
a to us by a thousand hallowed
v brances, and the hand clasps
perhaps never to hear the
voice, or welcome the smile
gladdened us of yore.
It "But is it the mere fact of
that gives us pain? Ab,mo I
is it the question that intrudes
upon us, how, when and where
i we meet again? We are loth to
good-bye; for knowing how frail
tenure we hold upon earth's
joys, and that death is ever
-I lurking in the fairest flowers, we
1' not always banish an appreh
7 for our safety and happiness;
Sever groundless that appre
o may be, and when presentimen
evil and danger, almost amoun
to superstition, will sometimes
ar possession of the buoyant and
e- less heart.
he How will it be gt the next
nu ing? Reader, you may well
e. this, you have some dear'one
a- is going from you, it may be
h, bright, sweet face you hope to
ie your wife at no distant day, an
ill is going from you, or you from
Have you pledged a vow of cons
ur that nothing can turn aside, or
de time and distance have taught
ad that "absence conquers love
at The Grave of S. 8. Prenliss.,
or A little more than a mile from
nd beautiful haunted'streets of Nt
lie close by the road-side, is a sweets
brage6ns grove of flowering
and trees that bend over their
sive branches to the ground as
they overshadowed andguarded
b- precious deposit. A paling en
thethem and although a palace-,
Smansion is near a proudly endo
c1, donrain, yet a sweet and sacred
Le- ness rests over the grove. Bird
ing melodious songs and glorious
the mage pour out the most thrilling
ar monies there; and well they
eat for beneath the boughs they stin&
Ssleeps one whose voice had mowm
a- witchery of the choristers of the
as grant forests of the South L
And the thunder-clouds that
er, times roll above the place of
i rest, solemnly rehearsing its
o toned attestations of its Et
f a Creator's sovereignty and power,
of hush for a moment its fearfol gr
in- He who sleeps there could th-
pnu like a Demosthenes, and the fls
en his intellect and the coruseatio
ro his wit were at.dazrling as
by which leap from yonder over-arc
oema y of the storm I
e tmere sleeps Prentis I the
re- from sMaine, who came in you
and Mississippi to live-to win imm
h fame; and who came back in the
i noon of his manhood to di
findso sweet and quiet agra
low [York.
It on We learn that there wiL
bed match game of Base Ball
I by Sunday, November 19th, athi
th or the championship of Bapide&
ish and Red River. The
sore the Rapdes vs. ed Rivers. Th
Yet mer club bave had the ham
cer- several months, and are co
et a sucese. We look for fin play
orse be displayed, ulasboth eluab are
rath practice. The ladies and tlhe
I to- are invited to *ilriaesthe
iec- of this kind ever playsedin
eted
and trade and business in
of Bosiness duller than tyr
bar- times correspond.
ttb- i A young man generally
the lock of his hair to bia .weetbet
fl ore be marries her. After
a she sometmes helps herself a
in a use scissors.
k for C? Modesty in woman is Itke
ns oltn her eheeks-deidsdly,
not pat on,